
THEG 
\ olume 42. Number 1/ 
Rain doesn't tnar the 
lVeekend for athletes 

Figure skaters and a golf tournament headlined the major s ports 
events in San Diego this pas t week while baseball got an early start 
here at UCSD. 

At right , fifteen year old Elaine Zayak, teetering a bit in her s hort 
program, won the ladies singles title at the US Figure Skating 
Championships held at the ports Arena. 

Zayak performed seven triple jumps - something no man or woman 
has ever done - in beating favorit e Lias-Marie Allen. colt Hamilton 
took the men's title and Peter and Kitt y Caruther won the pairs. 

In the bottom photo, Craig tadler of La Jolla lines up a putt with his 
caddy in the Wickes -Andy Williams SO Open at Torrey Pines golf 
course. Stadler s hared the third round lead. . 

Below, Brian Kummer of UCSD s lides into second base behind the 
throw as his teammate is safe on firs t. Allan Trammel, All- tar 
s hortstop from the Detroit Tigers, watches. 

(;/l lIn l illll /ll /ll /II /ly S/(/ II I//llI tllI 

Sham may call in the 
police for CEP today 

Not sure of response yet 
BY KATHY HUFFER 

Editor 

tudent who refu e to ;eave thi 
afternoon's Committee on Educational 
Policy meeting will be the target of 
di ciplinary action and may be forcibly 
removed or arrested by campus police, 
committee chairman Lu Jeu Sham said 
ye 'terday. 

Members of t he Guardim1, . tleW 
indicator and other tudent organizations 
plan to attend the faculty meeting despite 
repCnted threats from the committee that 
they will be punished if they attend. 

Oswald, Sirhan, Ray, Bremer, 
Chapman ... and now· l{ornblau·. 

:KAos, , assassination for fun, 
catches on in Muir dorms, apartments 

'BY JEFF 
BERESFORD-:-HOWE 

News Editor 
Only in America, . disgusted 

observers will tell you, can you find 
a college game based on paranoia, 
distrust and double-crossing that's 
supposed to further friendships. 

No, not pre-med. 
The game is KAOS, Killing as 

Organized Sport, and it has become 
extremely popular on campus, 
replacing Bed Buddies as the 
Residence Hall way to socialize the 
dorms. 

In various incarnations, it has 
been played at Warren, Revelle and 
Muir Colleges, and a new game just 
began in the Muir Apartment 
under the ~utelage of Steve 
Kornblau, who coincidentally will 
attend Med School in the fall. 

The rule are simple: each 
contestant i equipped with a 69 
cent dart n ("not accurate at all, " 

according to Muir G-House's Shane 
McRoberts, an ace .at the game) and 
assigned a victim. The victim, who 
has his own target, knows someone 
i gunning for him, but not who. 

Dorm rooms are havens from the 
game in some incarnations of the 
sport, but not at G-House, where a 
few roommates zapped each other. 
It's easy for roommates to get each 
other because all killings must have 
no witnesses. 

There art three ways to get . 
killed: have an assassin who is 
given your name hoot you, get sho~ 
in self-defense, or fail to carry out 
your contract within an alloted 
time-period, one week in the game 
underway today in the Muir Apts. 

The game can get intense. At 
UCLA last year, according to Daily 
Bruin accounts, one girl invited her 
target out on a date, After dinner, 
the girl invited him back to her 
apartment, where they made love. 

• Can I get a cigarette," she said, 
leaning acro s the bed . "Sure," he 
replied, oblivious to his fate. She 
putted out a gun and shot him in a 
vulnerable area. 

Nothing qUIte that dedicated ha 
been reported here, but Mc~o~rt 
did kill one woman by walkmS mto ' 
her bathroom, helping the blinded 

plt!8se turn to pag 4 

The tudents claim that they have a 
legal right to attend CEP meeting, 
despite univer ' ity regulations that . 
permit all Academic Senate committees 
to close all meetings from the press and 
public. 

The committee is currently reviewing 
the controversial Incomplete grading 
policy, to determine if the Academic 
Senate hould tighten re trictions on 
students making up Incompletes beyond 
one quarter. 

Nine students who aL!Oded last 
week's com m i ttee· meeting ignored orders 
to leave, following the explusion of two 
student reporters the week before. 
Discussion of the Incomplete policy was 
postponed until today. . 

In an interview with the Guardian. 
Sham called the student 'refusal "a kind 
of civil disobed ience," and said he will call 
for disciplinary action against them if 
they attend today's meeting. 

Such action include academic 
probation, uspension or even expulsion. 

Vice Chancellor of Student Affairs 
Richard Armitage 'aid yesterday that, if 
requested by the committee, he will take 
disciplinary action against the students. 

Armitage said he would order the 
college deans to impo e punishment, and 
added that students cou ld appeal the 
decision. 

Citing a recent opinion i sued by the 
UC General Counsel that the university 
i not a tate agency and i . therefore not 
bound by tate agency open meeting laws, 
Armitage said that "for lack of a better 
legal opinion, I'll have to tick with it." 

Students who have attended the CEP 
meeting argue that the Universi~y is a 
tate agency and mu t open all meetings 

in accordance with state law. 
The American Civil Libertie Union 

ha agreed to support th Guardian's 
challeng to the Academic Senate police, 
and the National Lawyer' Guild will 
upport the new indica/or. 
Sham . aid he would lik to avoid 

please turn to JNll&c H 



, , 

2 The Guardian 

-letters 

Monday, February 9, 1981 

Commentary 

·UC 'cuts budget of 
affirmative action 

BY PAUL ROGERS 
True or false: "The University of California lacks 

commit ment to overcome the deplorably low enrollment 
rate of et hn ic minorities on its campuses, and the reading 
and writ ing kill s deficienc ies of its s tudent ." 

Wh ile I would hope "fa I e " is the correct answer, the 
facts, un fortunat e ly, eem to suggest otherwi e. I'll lay out 
the fac t s as I see them and let you choose w hich is the 
correct answer. ' 

Gov_ Brow n recently unveiled his proposed budget for 
the fiscal year beginning July 1. De pite the Univers ity's 
request for over $24 million for new or improved programs. 
the Governor propo ed only $ ] .2 mill ion for uch req uest . 

Sandbox politics not for seu 
Thu it became immediately clear that the Uni versity 

would have to ma ke some la rge, ha rd·lines cuts to their 
budget p lans. In an effor t to bring the University's plans 
into accord with the Governor's budget, the Department of 
Finance asked University officials to' identify their lowest 
three percent budget priori tie . . 

To the shock of the UC Student Lobby and students 
throughout the state, the University responded by cutting 
their "lowest priorities" from the areas of student 
affirmative action and basic educational improvement. 

Editor: destabilization campaign 
In your artidedetailing the conducted by your paper and 

absolute crisis in "student the administration (see ni 
government," a crisis which Disorientation Manual, 1980 
1las existed since 1977 when for more information on this). 
the administration illegally Not involving ourselves in 
instaUed the Associated the sandbox politics of the 
Studentaformofgovemment AS, we are not able to 
(but which previously had comment on whether or not 
the arace to be quiet about its the oonstitutioQ proposed by 
predicament), you presented AS Commissioner of Student 
a numbf;r of erroneous Welfare Reggie WilJiams is a 
staS.menU about the major improvement over the 
Student C~tive Union. exisrinfl structure - it could 

As the Orpnizing Support :. hardly be worse. However, ' 
Group (SCU) is charaed with J, baSed on the information 
maintaining the Union's contained in your article, it 

.' a>ntinuity and files, as well certainly .would not revive 
as working to organize a the SCU. 
strong student union - one You state, on page ninei 
capable of mobilizing that the seu "died" as a 
students and instituting result' of "special interest 
major changes in this groups" packing meetiJ)gs 
university, actively defend- and voting to allot funds or 
ing students' interests and approve bills which would 
opening up the' university to dIrectly benefit them. This is 
the entire community - we si",ply inaccurate. The 
feel obligated to respond .. SCU's structure prevented 

To begin with, the SCU did the General Assembly from 
'not die in 1976 , the amending budgets. Thus , 
administration smashed it - "special-interest groups " 

. with the active assistance of - could not mobilize large 
your paper - in March of numbers for a meeting in 
1m, following a year-long order to enrich themselves. 

More to the point, those 
students interested enou~h 
to become involved In 
"student governance," such 
as it is, are entitled to do so. 
As the seu noted in 
February 1977: "Participa-
tory democracy, open and 
accessible to al members of 
society, is the only I~itimate 
process for making political 
decisions. When there is 
common .~ccess to participa-
tion in creating and 
controlling institutions, 
there is democracy. To the 
extent our universities (and 
other institutions) are 
removed from such access, 
they are not democratic. 
Freedom cannot be delega-
ted ." 

The. tJCSD_Guardian may, 
if it wishes, opt for autarchy. 
You may not, however, 
distort our history in an 
attempt to jus tify your s tand 
against freedom , and against 
s tudents. 
ORGANIZING SUPPORT 

GROUP 
STUDENT COOPERA-

TIVE UNION 

Specifically, the University is offering up for sacrifice 
$1. 7 million for student affirmative action and student 
financial aid, $1.4 million for the hiring of 200 Teaching 
Assistants to teach courses to improve the basic skills of 
UC students and $230,000 to finance a program designed to 
increase the participation of women in math-oriented 
disciplines. 

In add ition, ue officials proposed a health science tuition 
of $2,000 per year , and an additional 15 petcentincrease in 
non-resident tuition . ' - , 

Fortunately, Gov. Brown did recognize some of·the folly 
of UC's priorities and he rejected anY' increase,in tuition. 
Unfortunatley, the Governor seems to be accepting the 
other budget sacrifices which UC has offered. 

Some optimistic political '3n'alys ts have Suggested the 
University is offering up the above programs as a bJ'uff -
gambling thl\t the Legislature will cons ider tliese programs 
important enough to 'fund without cutting other parts of 
UC's budget. 

This analysis might be correct but it impties that the 
. Univers ity lacks commitment to student affirmative action 

and basic skills improvement. To lay down such programs 
under the budget cutter's axe without offering alternative 
targets is a reckless gamble in a year when it appears 
inevitable that cuts will be made. 

As can be seen , UC is telling the State that there is 
nothing in its current budget that is less important than 
stude.nt affirmative action , TA's, improwing basic skills 
and avoiding tuition . 

Scream, s.hout, be . 'United' 
What is a particular blow to s tudents is that the 

Univers ity officials have specifically shunted students ' 
concerns and efforts to have a voice in the budgeting 
proces '. 

. The programs that UC ha declared a low priority are in 
areas that the ue Student Body Presidents' Council and 
the UC Student Lobby have declared to be high priorities 
for t he I Y!:lUs. 

Editor: 
This letter is in response to 

William Cumming's letter 
(Guardian, Jan. 29). 

First, Mr. Cummings, if I 
may correct you on your 
contradictory statement 
about President Reagan: 
"He will do thi'!&S. He is 
going to try .... " TheSe two 
statements don't have any 
coherent meaning; he may 
say, but it's ' questionable if 
he'll do. 

Second, "He is a strong 
man" - bullshit! Congress is 
strong; CONlfeSS has the 
power; all President Reagan 
IS, is a pUppet. He only acts 
and says what he is told. 
Nothing more, nothing less. 
To be a true politician, one 
must have a mind of his own 
and not read from a sttipt in 
order to decide a country's 
welfare. 

American people mus t be 
educated . supposedly; that is 
the reason we are attending 
an institution of higher 
education. We are expected to 
think and analyze problems 
and situations. Yes. I do agree 
we ·should "put aside our 
prejudices .... " But when the 
leader of our country is a 
bigot with prejudices of his 
own, what is the public to 
think? As the saying, goes, 
"ignorance breeds igno-
rance." 

I'm definitely in favor of 
'working together, and 
helping one another, but we 
need a leader will give us a 
good example to follow. ··1 
never got the impression that 
we were "shouting for others 
to solve our problems." How 
can you say "Stop analyzing 
aM criticizing, yellintf, 

• screaming and shouting? 

. THE GUARDIAN 
Lynette Tom 

Managing Editor 
Kathy H\lUer 

Editor 
Peter Monensen 

Executive Editor 

n, (;.,."Ii." i~ pubh htcl Munday~ and T'hut':4dlY:4 hy ' tuftn' ''" lht· "III\ ('r:(II\' 
II (.'.tlt-Ifnl" $lin I~ .. fo:.dhl lt'lll tnd buMn,,;~ It«~ . Tf ~ ", .• E'd In 1m.· t'IJ\'il l \ p4 ~:C 

1"'" brtllnd Ihf' Humltfll1~ t ibr-aTY BuIld, .... and liIlut h"~' Itl I ht· ttl"l'II,,' 
J'ru, .",t'", onitt'. au",,... .. houn.: Mundl) ·.·udit).!t 1m hI:; pm. Malhn" ~t1n ...... H. 
tl l4I. "nll .... "l' "I ' .Ii~" ..... . Son 1 ..... ,. laJo~I •. l"A !I'~J\{1. F,~ "",, ,nl'<mall"n. 
l1t1l .a."ll·;U&I. (ur buoi lM"',. , l aU "';:l·:~M rlw (,'If""Ii,'1f "ut)M'n~ Itl fh,' " nl\ rr ... a' 

I~ .. ~\""'r. Ihr 11.1r .. , StoIA ... StorHlT. and lhe- l'f Sottr .. lI ... ntli t'ufrt .... pnndl.nl 

We are human ·beings. and as 
you must know, one way we 
are distinguis hed from other 
animals is by the fact that we 
have the capacity to think. 
Therefore, we should 
anal yze, ~eam and s hout. 
We've got to start thinking 
for ourselves rather than 
letting others think for us. 
Don't take for granted what 
you are told. Question it, and 
If you and others can benefit 

The Lobby believes that there are areas within the UC 
budget that are less important and could be cut with iess 
strain on the University 's bas ic educational goals than the 
above s tudent oriented programs. 

Obviously the lowest priority should be given to fat. 
w~te and excess ; if you' know of any solid examples of 
these or of whole programs which you feel have little 
worth, contact the UC Student Lobby, 926J Street . Suite 
522, Sacramento, CA 95814. It will make a difference. 

'L 

. from it in a positive, peaceful 
way , "go for _it ... " Paul Rogers is co-director of the UC Student Lobby. 

Many things you.:.ve stated 
in your letter make Sense, but 
there are certain ways to 
express them. Question what 

is. being done and said. Why 
are we led to believe one 
thing, when in fact another is 
taking place? We've got to 

fight, shout and scream untii 
we're heard, Then we'll 
8gilin be.a "United" States. 

C.MOUNA 

Vidal's authority questioned 
Editor: but not too much. After all, 

I was at once amused and Jefferson opposed ratification 
s ickened to read (Guardial/, of the Constitution, feeling 
Feb. 5) that Gore Vidal had that it gave the Federal 
inveighed against the ROvernment too much power. 
" ambiguous" wording of the The obvious question is: by 
"c t't t ' p - what authOrity dves Mr. on I u lon, ... es e-
cially Jefferson's 'pursuit of Vidal presume to criticize the 
happiness' chiuse." - There United States, when he 
is, of course, no such c1ausein clearly knows less about its 
the US Constitution - the institutions and documents 
phrase appears in the than a CiviclI 101 student in 
Declaration of Independence. Podunk? For that matter. 
I'll give partial credit to Vidal. why do Americans pay to 
forcitingJeffenqmas author, hear him s lander our 

country? 

As for Mr _ Vidal's 
ludicrou s exaltation of 
Sweden and We.~lde"t.~c" ­
land. a more informed and 
enlightening comparison of 
the US to those countriell 
might be had from the many 
Swedes and Germans who 
emigrate to t his country each 
year. 

FRANCOIS-MARC 
d~ PIOLENC 

Monday, February9,1981 Tt1(.· (;uarclian 3 

• • Leftists JOin world. politics 
Editor: 

With all due respect to 
those who a re presen tly 
argu i ng over whet he r or not 
Ronald Reaga n is a fascist 
pig, and how long UCSD 
students should be able to 
procrastinate before making 
up incomplete " and if UCSD 
and the KKK are in league to 
ins ure that the campus 
becomes a WASP preserve for 
moral majori t arian s by 
excluding the glorious yet 
downtrodden masses of the 
Third World , there is an 
issue burning its swath 
across this campus that will 
make these other issues look 

' like the meager flames on a 
badly made cherry jubilee. It 
is the issue of the 1980's: the 

Write! , 
Is there something you 

want to speak out against? 

Something you want to 
praise? The place to do it is 
right here, in the Guardia" 
opinion page. 

To submit a letter to the 
editor, all we ask is that 
you type on a 72-space line 
and triple space. 

You can bring your 
letters to our offices , 
located on the south edge 
of Revelle campus. Or send 
your submissions to Op-
Ed, Guardian , B-0]6, 
UCSD, La jolla, CA 92093. 
. We want to hear from 
you! 

iss uc of t he left -ha nd ed 
pe rson in American society! 

It i ll es t i m ate d by 
es tablishement figures t ha t a 
mere 10 percent of the US and 
world populations is left · 
handed , but more correct 
sociologists and ot her such 
riff-raff estimate the true 
extent of left -handednesS to 
be closer to 30 or 40 percent of 
the world 's people. 

Many left -handers have 
been for c ed int o the 
repressive s t arboard world 
by bru tal parent s , cruel 
teachers and other evil forces 
s uch as capitali sm, fascism 
and theism . Method s of 
coercion incl ude verba l and 
ph ys ical abuse. The most 
notoriou ins tance of the 
latter is the tying of the 
natural southpaw's left arm 
behind hi s back in order to 
force him to write with hi 
right hand. 

The u e of the word 
" right " as a direction will 
have to be changed due to the 
mons trous and laughable 
connection with the word 
" right " in its meaning of 
correct. We left-handers 

su~est the word fascist to 
indIcate the direction 
opposite from the left one. 

Such practices have 
reputedly been ended, but our 
investigators have recently 
uncovered numerous such 
incident · in many school 
systems. 

The system of rep'ression 
extends to UCSD as well. 
The bookstore refuses to sell 
product s for the left-
handers, such as scissors, 
basebatl gloves or sexual 

Satirical BrItIsh Humor at Its BestUl 

parapherna lia . P rofess(irs 
refuse t o accept writ ten 
eSllavs i n He b re\\' or 
Japan'ese , the enlight ened 
la nguages which \\' rit e from 
right to left. As a result . left -
handers get ink all O\'er their 
knuckles from writ ing in the 
r eac t io n a r y le ft -t 0- r igh t 
le tt ers of th e d ecad ent 
Eu rol)ea n languages. And 
only USB rooms have left -
handed desks. a fa ct that is 
co unt e r ba lan ced by th e 
o therwise uninhab it abilit y of 

these ha ll s.. 
We expect. we dema nd. 

immedia te act ion to repa ir 
thi s h is torica I defil'ienC\'. 
Pre fere nt ia l q uo t as are 
f1 eeded to rect ify the millenia 
of social injust ice invol\'ed 
here. Act ion must be taken. 
In the words of the Great 
T eac he r Professor Sw ill 
Gauche , "Left -handers mus t 
organize and fight aga inst 
the centuries of oppression 
broug ht upon us by' the 
starboard s wine !" (trans · 

lated from the original Serbo· 
Croatian ). 

We have formed a new 
orga nizat ion , the Legion of 
Left is t s. to e ffect a radical 
c hange i n the fas c is t 
atl it udes of our sch(X)1. our 
societ v and our world. Our 
next meeting will be held in 
Humanities LilJl 'ary men's 
room (women's division also 
included ) on ' Jan. 22 at 8:30 
am. 

Legion of Leftists 

Rightist 'buffoon' tak~~ 9yer 
Editor: street. Recall Halg IS the new 

I was going to wait to sec re tary of s tate? And No. actually, the person k' f " I . h 
. comment until the honey· who said this is the Presidenl s pea 109 0 cnmlOa 1> 10 t e 
moon per iod for Ronny wa cabinet. there is the soon-to-

of the United States. They S f Labo R 
over, but two recent items ought .to s ign thi s guy up as be ecretary 0 r, ay 
changed all that. These items an editorial writ e r for "The WASP Godfather" 
were the Reagan press p Donovan . The only labor 
confe rence and a letter ravda (or better yet the Los union Donovan can relate to 
(Guardia1' , Jan . 24) from Angeles) Herald-ex amiller). is the Teamsters Union ; he 
William G. Cummings Jr. The Russians lie , they has more Mafia connections 
The former was by far the cheat - why the only thing than Frank Sinatra. 

he left out was that they 
more amusing. So why, mven the farcical steal. It's a good thingthat we 6' [ f 0 un d t his qu o t e operate on a different set of nat ure of t he Reagan regime , 
interesting: "(The Soviet ) s tandards. Tell that to is William G. Cummings 
have openly and publicl y Richard Nixon . he's a world saying that we must "help" 
declared that the only champion liar. and don 't tell Ronald Reagan? The man 
morality they rec~nize is me the CIA never cheated or can't even be taken seriously. 
what will further theIr cause, s tole . Yes, Ronny i s What's so great about Ronny 
meaning they reserve unto determined to reenact the and his cabinet beside the 
themselves the right to worst aspects of thecold war. fact that they can get the 
commit any crime, to lie, to He said that SALT was a senior's discount at Sambo's? 
cheat. in order to attain one-way s treet. Heck, Ronny, The I)resent Pre ident is 
that...and we operate on a why have arms control at all? the most clueless buffoon 
different set of standards." . Why not spend half of the since Warren G. Harding. 

Who wrote this intem- nat ional budget on t he The press conference was so 
peratepolemic? Is it a passage military? funny thaI I think we should 
from NOlie Dare Call II Isn't it a good thing that go all the way and vote for 
Treason? Perhaps it 's Gen. the memory coach for the Rodney Dangerfield in 1984. 
Curtis Lemay, or may·be it's Watergate team, Gen. Al 
just some redneck off the "Just Tell Them You Can't PETER F. LAURA 

I 

"How I Won the War" 
st. Germains ••• ----, 
for your special 

Valentine 

r.========featuring =======::;-1 

John Lennon 
. directed by Richard Lester 

("Bed Sitting ~oom, " " -lard Day's Night," "Help!") 

Two Showings Only 
Monday, February 9 

8 pm & 10 pm, USB 2722 
Advance tickets $1 .25 at the UEO Box Office 

. ($1.50 at the door) 

"San Diego's 
Most Unique 

. Uquor Store" 
0\ saint~ 

... "J ~ _ 
.~ ~ .~ ? 
~ 3' 

Open: 
7 am to II Pill weekdays 
7 am to 12 midnight hi ~ ~t 

3251 Holiday Court 
(across I'rom Bank of Amtrica) 

within walking distance of UCSD 

455-1414 



4 

Financial 
aid date 
Feb. 12 

New and continuing 
UCSD students who wish 
to apply for Cal Grants A 
and B or University of 
California scholarships for 
the 1981-82 academic year 
must submit applications 
postmarked no later than 
Feb. 12. • 

Continuing students 
seeking other forms of 
financial aid. for next year 
have until July 1 to apply. 

All forms can be picked 
uJ) at campus financial aid 
offices. For more informa-
tion, call 452-4480. 

Recycle 
this 

paper 

Cllri .lit ian Diu .. 
LUNmES 

GlASSES 
2 PAlRS ... 1 PRICE 

The Guardian Mondav, Februarv 9, 1981 

New game amuse,s dorms 
'It ~elps more than it hurts' 

continued from page 1 
·crosses. , 

"There's be a group of people sitting 
around talking, and you'd think you were 
safe. because there would be: witnesses if 
somebody shot you. Then, suddenly, 
everyone would get up and leave and 
you'd get shot. Everyone would know 
who did it, but you couldn't complain 

becaus~ no one saw," says Joel Garson, 
who was'G-House champion the first two 
times the house played the game. 

.~ 

"Or you'q tell someone that the person 
they were after was sitting alone, and as 
you ~er~ on your way up to get them. 
they d co .. le around a corner and shoot 
you." 

" "I got killed," Lottie Holden says, 
. when I heard my roommate screaming 
In the hallway. I came out to see if she 

was OK and I got shot." 
"The ga'me makes me really nervous, 

because you can walk down the hallway 
and always have to look out for someone. 
It's a lot more restful when you're out of 
it. .. 

Would Holden play it again? 
"Sure." 
Elizabeth Johnson of Revelle got her 

man as he was doing his job escorting her 
back to the dorms for Joe's Escort 
Service. 

Chris Wiggins, the other G·House 
winner, says the game causes "constant 
disputes" over who has or has not been 
officially killed, but most are resolved 
amicably. 

If not, G-House had an open target rule 
under which you could shoot· anybody, 
not just the person you have a contrad 
for. 

. 'There are certain people you want to 
kill," Wiggins ays. "r got the guy who 
won the last game, and a girl who was 
complaining about whether she wa 
s hot. One girl wanted to get me so bad 
that she killed herself just before r s hot 
her. [f you shoot adead person, you lose." 

NC? one playing brought up the 
gouhshnes of the whole idea of the 
game, so the Guardian did, and 
participants were roncerned, but not 
overly so. 

"I hope that .everybody has the idea 
that it's a game (Gel Smart, suggested 
one G-Houser). It has no more realit'y 
than a John Wayne movie if people don't 
take it too seriously," says Steve 
Kornblau, who is running the 
apartments game now. 

"It's kind of fun, and helps relieve 
tension,." Garson says. "It gets rid of 
aggressIon . It helps more than it hurts." 

UUSCII &-... 
.... - YOUR CHOICE--. I ·ProkssoQnll I 5CV1C~ not Includro I 
New FDA approved Extended 
Weill 2 week/sleep softens! 
Plus Astigmatism Soft Lens! 

SOFLENS PAIR 

',tile 

summer 
session 

Introductory and advanced 
courses, workshops and 

seminars in the arts, earth 
sciences, educjltion, 

engineering, the humanities, 
social sciences, SCiences, 

and mathematics. 
June 21 through August 15 

ASSORTED VINYL· 
is having a V-Day 

SALE!!! 
. . 

$8.98'5 for---_ 
$5.99 $5.98·'5 for. 

....-----$3.99 
(USA, 1'35) ~ 1'1 •• I.iall.rdt, 
........ J_ C...-y, 0IMa .. 
HavllllM. Mickey 1-..,.., ... Joe E_ 
ar-. 

(F_. 1946) lilt ..... Cod_. 
This versio(l of the classic (airy tale is lush 
poignant, stunning, beautiful and surreal. ' This Thursday and Friday, 

February 12 and 13 ONLY! This probably isn't what Shakespeare had in 
mind, but it's dazzling to walch. 

plus So_lten ill D~"_ and 
Frac:tantl Fairyt .... ; ....... ty a" .11. 
..... .. " Auo.-tcd VlnyI ... the ON CAMPUS 

record store for punk, jazz, rock, . 
reggae and, yes, even Dead. 

Monday, February 9, 1981 

What to do when you're 
troubled by a gay 
roommate or Jrzend 

BY BRUCE IRVING 
Disrovering that a friend, roommate, family member or 

lover is gay or is ("eevaluating his or her own sexuality can 
create problems. . 

Miriam Levens and Howard Leonard of Counseling and 
Psychological Services realize this and are offering 
psychological assistance on·campus to students who have 
close homosexual friends. • 

1bese individuals. Levens says. usually find it difficult 
to "come out of the closet," as they fear possible personal 
ramifICations, reputations. ostracization - or they fearlhe 
~uences for the.friend or roommate. For this n!II • 
• adds. the UCSD "support arour" and all of the • 
aMIIIIinB services art oonfidentia . 

~"ity is a widespa ead issue. Le\lrensdYa.d_ 
the Kiqaer Report which ~ tbe mamber of 
are ~y II)' at one-GUt of every 10, or one in every fImi. . . , . 

pelirchc:lkaiical lU,nnnrt group Jives i~~=~ 
...,......., __ to explore aU the 

answer questions 

L~ DIc:IonaII 

TI1l' Gmlrdian 5 
> 

'Cold, lonely' campus 
causes sex problems 

Seminar discusses difficulties with students 
BY BR CE IRVING 

Sexual problems are particularly acute on 
this campus, according to a panel of experts 
covered here las t Thursday. 

Minis ter Les Atkinson voiced a typical 
concern of students seeking counseling, 
stating that "this campu is a very cold and 
lonely place." Lack of contact and 
interpersonal warmth. and lack of 
communication, cause a good deal of "casual" 
sex, or sex without emotional attachment. 

However, this activity is "rarely ever 
casuaL It can be a very traumatic experience," 
according to doctoral candidate Howard 
Leonard. 

Psychologist Dan Munoz added that such 
encounters often "increase feeli(lgs of guilt or 
inadequacy and cause a general 
disapPOIntment in sex in general." 

Planned Parenthood dfrector Sharon 
Keating believes that the growing amount of 
time spent by students in education brings 
into conflict the traditional morals of strictly 
marital sex and a very real emotional and 
physical desire over a long period of time. 
Female students are often caught between the 
social pressures- to establish a career and 

fini h college and parental/moral pres ure to 
"remain virtuou "and "get married and have 
children ." "Very few women," 'ay Sociology 
profes or Kri ·ten . Luker, "can be J he sexy, 
dapper neuro urgeon and mother of eight." 

Desire for sppntanelt y, loneliness and out-
and-out ignorance are also very substantial 
problems facing students. The panel 
recommended the services offered on this 
campus which provide students with an 
opportunity to discuss their questions and 
fears frankly. 

Overall, they emphasized respon.c;ibility, 
comm unicat ion and the willingness to 
question values and be conscious of the 
pre sures surrounding us. 

The program "Sex Issues on Campus" 
consisted of a small panel of six members 
representing a wide spectrum of information 
and approaches to the study of contemporary 
sexual is ues. 

The panel spoke to a relatively small group 
of 40 students, made up of perhaps 85 percent 
Warren students and more than 75 percent 
upper-division students. 

Projec1 w-. ~_ AlJptIOllIOn -. • 
Jock 
8~over 

IlIA 1t7O ucSen~ ~EngI~ng 
loIS 1t72 uc Sen ~ EngI.-..g 8cIenc:e 

fIIcIwII A. CIIOdzIIO 
SenIOrIclentlat, ~ ~OIY 
BA t_ uc· a.n..Iey PhyeIca 
PlIO 1WO UC!WI ot.oo ~na PIIY*a 

Some of the 'inest engineers and scientists in t~e 
world work for The Aerospace Corporation. In fact, over 
half of our technical staff holds an advanced degree. 
One In four holds a Ph.D. This could be your chance to 
join these people In shaping America's space program. 

If you have (or soon will have) a degree in Engineer· 
ing, Science or Computer SCience, we would ·llke to 
talk to you on campus. 

We're doing some ve" Interesting things. 
. Like contributing to the development of space 

communication systems using a single laser beam 'or 
transmIssion . For NASA. we have evaluated concepts 
for large geostationary, synchronous space platforms. 
Some of the concepts we're developing won't be 
used until the 21st century . 

What you'll be doIng. 
That depends on your background and professional 

Hwt.nF. lllllner 
MImber~lhe recttnlca Stall, Chemlatry' PIIyaica lAb 
as . 1171 UC Sen Diego Ae<oapece EngI_ng 
PhD 1m UC Sen Diego EnvI-na Phyalc:1 

interest. Typically, recent college graduates are 
assigned to the engineering group Or our research. and 
e)(perlmentallaboratorles. Your work could I nvolve any-
thing from gamma ray radiation to the development 
of a spaceborne computer capable of performing unat-
tended for up to seven years. 

You'l/like our style. 
We're located in Southern California only three 

miles from the Pacific Ocean. We work in a quiet . 
campus-like atmosphere with ext-ensive libraries and 
computation facilities for support . 

Meet OUT representatives In person 
~ebrua" 11. 

We'll be on campus February 1 1. 
You can sign up in the college placement office . 

Or send your resume direct. Please Include a short note 
about your area(s) of professional Interest. 

The frontiers of technology are at The Aerospace Corporation. 

The Aerospace Corporation 
College Relations OHlce-
2350 East EI Segundo Blvd., EI Segundo, CA 90245 
An Equal Opportunity Employer M/F, U.S. CItizenship Required 

Valentine 
gift. 

near ADD: 
Athletically I'm an All-

American. Romantically 
I'm a nerd. I'm in love 
with a fox . But the com-
petition is rough. What'li I 
give her forValentine's Day? 

Nervously Yours, 
Chic:keD Hunk 

near Chicken: 
Oon't punt. Send he'r 

flowers . It' probably the 
besl play you ever made. 
And the easiest. Just go to 
your neare t FlO Florist. 
He has the perfect 
Valentine gift. A beauliful 
bouquet that comes in a 
special bud vase. Even 
belter, you can afford it. 
Remember, when in 
do~bt, rely on the magic of 
flowers. It's the only way a 
chicken can catch a fox. 

Good hunting. 

• Helping you say it right. 
The FTO Val nlon Bud Vase IS 
usually 8va,lal>l lor I 55 lroan 
$10 ()() As an Independenl 
bu&.n 5sman ch rTO Flortsl 

IS h,s own prtces ServICe 
charg 5 and d livery may Ile 

dOlhonal ' 1981 FlortslS 
Tr answorld Dehv Iy 



6 The Guardian 

Weekly Calendar 
Z I JO- 4 -C>UlCk AppOintments : for more 
IndMrual attentIon. sign up for a 15mlnutequICk 
appointment WIth the pre-laIN/ management 
advISor for ir IformatlOn regardIng admiSSIOns to 
law scrool or MBA progwlms. They can be 
schedJled on Wechesdays between 2:30 and 4. 
Sign-up5 at career Planning and Placement. HL 
1058. servlces/ 

workshops 
IIIIONDAY 
HdIfO-Oasis lXhiting CMtl!r offl!rS free service 
b' atl UCSO students wIl:l need pre-writing 
he\:l. ronferMces on drafts. and editing acMce. 
We engage any kind of writing iWld any kind of 
writing problem. Conferences are by 
appoirlrment only. Call ~ 5o?-2 2&4 or come ~ 
4010 USB to make Kl appointment. 'Evening 
appointments available MondayS iWld TI1ursd¥ 
at Third Place. DinIng Commons 102 Third 
Co/lege. Srlvlce available all Quktl!r. 
t-Revelle HullWlities Assiglment Brainstorm: 
!m1I1 group Classes fi:>r Re\lelle students tnrolled 
in Hum.Ylit1es S«!uence 128 Nneson section. 
A'epararion br writing directed ilI}OUr partiQJlar 
assiglrnI!nt. Class ~ in 4070 USB. Sponsored 

~ Oasis writing Cerltl!r. Class will meet same 
time. same place throug,out the quartl!r. 
.. ·12.....q,en Rap about Student Ernpkl)ment 
Opporturitles. It's not too late to get Kl on-
campus pb or to ~n thinking about SUfl1lTlef 

~t. .k>in Phyllis Walkl!r b a ~ 
infi:>rmil(~ iWld C1~a~ cjsQJssion on pb 
qlpO(tUnities tor students. Sponsored ~ Third 

Co~ and SEO. a the CMtel' fi:>r the ~e 
lunder Third Snack Bar I. 

1~1e HuIlWlities I\ssiglmern Brainstorm: 
SmitH group class fi:>r Re\letle studtnts tnrolled in 
Humanities sequence 128 Jackson section. 
Frl!paraion b writin9 directed aI: }OUr partiQJldr 
iISSigrlrn!nt. Class ~ in 4070 USB. Sponsored 

~ Qasi5 \Xhiting Center. Class will meet same 
lime. same place thrDUg10ul the qUartl!r. 
1.llaJO-Inlormal iKMsing sessions with the 
<DOI'c:Inaton br biological iWld health sdMces. 
For I;Ie/p in Carel!r planning. job tlJnting.. and 
professional school prepariltion see Bed1 Gex or 
Ellen Alb'Kl. · "'" appointments are necessary. 
PIrasr call to mnIIrm open hours are being held. 
In C.1reer PI;Jnning & Placement. 1058 
Humanities Ubrary. 
1.1-0-11 T .... ...., ..... s-Ifyr 
••• r .... T.-AnII",-.y ..... on .... 
....... 1.1 In 4010 ta. c.l1 4S2-
D84 _ COllie ~ 4010 USB .. __ 
1nINwNItoI .. s.rvtces _ .... 
l-4-<irammar Moses Hotline - . 1'1 grammar 
hotline phone-in 5efVice b help with diction. 
grammar and punctuatIOn problems. To reach 
Grammar ICt:lses, call 452-2284 between I and 
4. ~~ - Frl~. Sponsored ~ oasis Writing 
Ctoter. ~e available all Quartl!r. 
Z.-.t-Re-ently Students ' Support Group - . 
This is a group lor men and women reentry 
students wIl:l are intl!rested in explOring Issues 
arising from both their reentry student role 
and/or indMdJal needs. Dan Ryan and Sue 
Macrenato. co-facilitators . Offered by 
Counseling & Psychological ServIces andWarren 
College PrO\lOSt's Office. This group meets 

~Iy at the Revelle Informal lDunge -
~; on Fel:lruary 2. it will meet at Bldg. 302 
on the Warren Ca~s. Call Mary at 452-4350 
to slgn up. 

TUESDAY 
H~is writing Center offers free service 
br ali lJ:.:.D students wro need pre-writing 
hetp. conferences on drafts. and editing advice. 
We engage ;ny kind of Writing iWld ;ny kind of 
writing problem. Conferences are by 
appointment only. Call 452-2284 or come ~ 
4010 USB to make Kl appointment. Evening 
appointments available Mondays and Thursdays 
at Third Place. Dining Commons 102 Third 
College. Service available all Quartl!r. 
• IJO-Oulck Resume Review Drop- In. 
Htlnanities and Sodal SciencesrudMts: Come ~ 
for a brief critique of your resume. Must arrive I1y 
B:45 at the Ial:est to be considered. Career 
Planning & Placement in Hl 1058. 
!).II-Warren College I'Icademic Advising -
C~ in to the Warren College PtO\lOSt Office lor 
quid< answers to your academic schedJ ~ng or 
petition QUestions from academic peer acMsors. 
in Warren CoHege PtO\lOSt Office. 
9&» 11 J30-lniormal advising sessions with 
the coordinator lor engineering Kld pt¥ical 
sciences carel!r adVising and placement. For help 
in career plarlning and job tlJnting see Maxine 
Bailey at the Carel!r Center. No appointments are 
neessary. however it is acMsabie to arrive early. 
Please call to confirm open hOurs are being held. 
/'{. career PlKlning & Placement. Hl 1058. 
I.I-Oasis Target Study Skills Seminar 
covering Test I'Inxiety t!Very hour on the hour 
from 10 to 3 In 4010 USB. Indivirual instruction 
available. CatI452- 2284 or come ~4010USB for 
more Infi:>rmal:ion. SeMces are free. 
'.12-00 }OU need ~ in preparing for pb 
interviews 7 Some tips on the best ways to 
present }OUr qualifications and what kind of 
interview questions to expect, Atten the .k>b 
InteMewing ~rkShop. ro sign ups necessary. 
'.12-<::Jpen Rap about Student EmplO)fl'1l!rlt 
OppoIturitles. Irs not too lal:e to get Kl on-
campus po or to ~n thinking about summer 
empIO)ment. .bin ~Us Walkl!r for a vel}' 

informat~ iWld creat~ disOJssion on pb 
q>portunltles b UCSO studentS. SP,onsored ~ 
Thifd College iWld seC. at the Centl!r fi:>r the 
P~~ lu~ ThIrd Snack Bar). 

'I-,-.. Strategies for Lkldeclared Majors" 
Meeting: Still unsure about your major 7 Come to 
thiS v.orkShOp to consider the oCQJpational 
possibilities for ITI<IJOrs that best fit you In the 
North Conf. RI1l. Student Center. 
1 II» U:JO~arel!r q:>tions ~I)ing io'r 
Humanities & Sooal Sciences Students. Sign up at 
Carel!r Planning & Placement lor a 15 minute 
Quick appointmtnt to explore the career 
consequences of your r11<!i0r or a partiQJlar 
occupational neld. In Hl lOSS. 
1-4-<3ramm.1I' Moses Hotline: A grammar 
hotline phOne-in service for help with dialOn. 
grammar. and punctuation prolJlems. To reach 
Grammar Moses. Call 452-2284 between I and 
4. Monday - Fri~. Sponsored I1y oasis lXhitlng 
Centl!r. Service available all Quarter. 

21»4~arel!r options advising for HumKlities 
& Sooal Science students. Sigrl up at Career 
Planring & Placement lor a 15 minute Quick 
appointment to explore the career consequences 
of your major or a partiQJlar occupational field. In 
HlI058. 
.. 6-<ampus Black Forum - This is an informal 
diSQJssion group centl!red on' issues. concerns. 
and the Qualil}' of life o f the Black communiI}' at 
UCSO. It is an open. ongoing group. and 
students CKl pin at any time. Meets in the Mt 
View Lounge of the new Third College 
apartments. Facilitator is Phil Raphael of 
Counseling Kld Psychological SefVices. niose 
wIl:l v.ouId like additional iniormation CKl call 
Ptll at 452-3035; otherwise. they CKl just Show 
up ill the meetings. 
.110-Thl!re's a killer in the wilderness. Learn 
how to protect yourself from hypothermia ar]d 
avalanches a the OUting Club meetingl Then 
prepared to stay warm Kld alive. join us on a 
skiing. backpacking or climbing trip this 
.....-eIc1'nd In Rroc Gym Confl!ren<:e Room. 

IIWDNaDAV 
HIJO-Oasis lXhiting Centl!r ofll!rs fref! service 
fi:>r all UCSO students wIl:l need pre-writing 
help. conferences on drafts. and editing acMce. 
We engage ;ny kind of writing Kld any kind of 
writing problem. Conferences are by 
appointment only. Call. 452-2284 or come I1y 
4010 USB to make arJ appointment: Evening 
appointments available Mondays and TtlJrsdays 
at Third Place. Dining Commons. 102 Third 
College. Service available all quarter. 
a:», o-MBA SchOOl AdviSing Drop- In Hours: 
For any questions concerning the application 
process lor MBA programs. see the pre-
law/mKlagernent adVisor on an iniormal basis. 
No appolntmMtS necessary. bUt it is advisable to 
Call first Kld confirm open hOurs are being held in 
Career Planning & Placement. Hl 1058. 
10-Revelle HUmKlities I'\ssignment Brainstorm: 
Small group class for Revelle students enrolled in 
HumKllties Sequj!nce liB Wierschin section. 
Preparation for writing directed at}'OUr partlQJlar 
assignment. Class meets in 4070 USB. Sponsored 
I1y OasIS Writing Center. Class will meet same 
time. same place throughout the Quarter. 
,o-'-UCSD Career Connection WorkShop ' 
"Discover your hidden skills and connect them to 
possible occupations." SIgn-Up in the Carel!r 
Planning and Placement Office. Hl 1058. To be 
held in the Provost's Confl!rence Room. Wdfren 
College. 
'.J-Dasls Target ·Study Skills Seminar 
covering Test I'Inxiety ~ry hour on the hOur 
from 10 to 3 in 4010 USB. IndlVIrual instrualOl1 
available. Call 452-2284 orcome~4010USBfor 
more informatIOn. SelVices are free. 
10IJO.'2-.k>b Strategies Workshop: Covers 
t~ fundamMtals of pb hunting. from identifying 
emplOyers to salary negotiation. 
12-1 ~areer options advising for HUmKlitles & 
Sodal SCiMCes students. Sign up at Career 
Planning & Placement for a 15 minute Quick 
appointment to explore the career consequences 
of your majOr of a particular occupatIonal field. In 
Hl1058. 
'-4-Warren College Academic Advising -
Information regarding a<lcl/ drop proceOJres and 
petitionIng processes is available quickly from the 
Warren Coliege I'Icademic Peer Advisors at the 
Provost Office. I'It the Warren College Provost 
Office. 
'-4-Grammar Moses Hotline - 1'1 grammar 
hOtiine phone-In Service lOr help Wltn diction. 
grammar and punctuation problems. To reach 
Grammar Moses. call 452-2284 I>etW'een the 
hours of I Kld 4 Ml~ - Friday. Sponsored I1y 
oaSIS Writing Cmtl!r. Service available all 
QJartl!r. 
2-J-C>riMtation to On-Campus Interviewing. 
Mandatory meeting A::lr students who plKl to 
interview on campus. This weeks is your last 
chance to attend onel No slgrKlp5 necessary. 
Just show up at the Revelle Formal Lounge. 
2-JlIO-In formal adVising sessions With the 
coordinators for biological and health sciences. 
For help in career plarlOing. job hunting. iWld 
professional school preparatlOl1. see Ellen MorKl 
or Beth Gex. No appointments are necessary. 
Please call to confirm open hOurs are berng held. 
I'It Career PlKlnlflQ & Placement. 1058 HL 

J-4-Re su me- Wrltlng Wo rksh o p -
IntroclJ(llon to resume writing for Engineering & 
Physical SCience stude'nts. Stan the process here. 
then have your resume CrItiqued In open hOurs 
In HlIOSS. 
4-Revelle HumanIties Assignment Brainstorm 
Small group class for Revelle students enro lled In 
HtmarJltles Sequence lOB Mosshammer SectlOl1. 
Preparation for writing directed at}'OUr partlwlar 
asSignment. Class meets in 4070 USB. Sponsored 

~ Oasis WritIng Center. Class Will meet same 
time. same place throughOut the Quarter. 

THURSDAY 
.4=---oasis lXhiting Center offers free service 
fi:>r all UCSO students who need pre-writing 
help. conferences on drafts. and editing advice. 
We engage ~ kind of writing and any kind of 
writing problem. Conferences are by 
appointment only. Call 452-2284 or come I1y 
4010 USB to make Kl appointment. Evening 
appointments availallle Mondays and Thursdays 
at Third Place. Dining Commons 102 Third 
College. ~lVice available all Quarter. 
!)'IZ-warren College I'Icademic Advising -
Ouick acMse on academic information can be 
fi:>und at the Warren College A'O\I05t office 
through the peer advisors. Come In and get fast 
KlSwers to your uoulling Questions. I'It Warren 
Co/lege Provost Office. 

Io-J-C>asis Target Study Skills Seminar 
covering Test Anxiety every hour on the hOur 
from 10 to 3 In 4010 USB. 1ndMC1Ja1 ins truction 
available. Call 452-2284 or come by 4010 USB for 
more information. SefVices are tree. 
12-2-4-iel:lrew Club: For everyone interested in 
learning or speaking Hebrew. For more 
information please call Richard ~55-5776. or the 
office 452-3616: Meet at the Fishbowl. LoIM'I' 
M.lir campus. 

1-2~arel!r options advising for Humanities & 
SOdal 5<.1 ... ILe. )luclerli:!>. Sign up at Career 
Planning & Placement lor a 15 minute Quick 
appointment to explore the career consequences 
of your ~r or a partiQJlar OCQJpationaj field. 
HlI058. 
1-2:JO-Roommates & Friends of Gays - This is a 
support group tor roommates and friends and 
wives. husbands. parents and children of pl!rsons 
engaged in this exploraion. The groups is 
designed to create a bettl!r understanding of the 
isSUes this person ~ facing and the role of !,he 
"Signi&;t other" in his/her life. Co-faolitators: 
Miriam I..Nens & Howard Leonard. Counseling 
Kld Psychologicai SelVices. Meets at Warren 
College. Bldg 302. Space is limited. Students 
shOuld call 452- 3755 for iniormation and sigrl 
up. Ask for Howard or Becca. 

1-4-Grammar Moses Hotline - A grammar 
hotline phone-in service for help with diction. 
grammar Kld punctuation problems. To reach 
Grammar Moses. call 452-2284 between I and 
4. Mon~ - Friday. Sponsored I1y Oasis Writing 
CMter. SelVice availallie all Quarter. 
2-JIJO-lniormal aOJ~lng sessions with the 
coordinators tor biological and health SCiMCes. 
For help in career plarlning. job tlJnting. and 
professional school preparation see Ellen Moran 
or Beth Gex. No appointments are necessary. 
Please call to confirm open hours are IleIng held. 
I'It Career Planning & Placement. 1058 HL 

FRIDAY 
8-4IJO-oasls lXhiting Center otfl!rs free 
service for all UCSD students wIl:l need pre-
writing help. confl!rences on drafts. and editing 
advice. We engage ;ny kind of writing and arty 
kind of writing problem. Conferences are ~ 
appointment only. Call 452-2284 or come I1y 
4010 USB and make Kl appointml!nt. ElII!ning 
appointments available Mondays and Thursdays 
at Third Place. Dining Commons 102 Third 
Co/lege. Service available all Quartl!r. 

a:lo-, o-La\.v SchOo/Advising Drop-In Hours: 
For any questions concerning the application 
process for law school. see the pre-
law/mKlagemel1t advisor on an iniormal basis. 
N<l. appointments are necessary. but it is 
advisable to call first and confirm that open hours 
are being held. Career Planning HL 1058. 
100J-oasis Target Study Skills Seminar 
covering Test I'Imlety every hour on the hOur 
from 10 to 3 in 4010 USB. IndiviclJal instruction 
availallle. call 452-2284 or come by4010 USB for 
more information. SefVices are free. 

11-U-<:arel!r optIOns adVising for Humanities 
& Social Sciences students. Sigrl up ill Caleer 
PlKlning & Placement fi:>r a 15 minute quick 
appointment to explore the career consequences 
otyour major or a partlQJlaroCQJpiltionai field. At 
Cat'eer Planning & Placement. 1058 HL 
12-I-£nvironmental Intern A'ogram MeetIng: 
Interested In a paid internship In an 
environmentally-related field? A representat~ 
will be on cafTllUS to present valuable insl!t1£S 
Into the program to interested students in the 
Revelle Formal lDunge. 
I-Z-Warren CoIlrge I'Icaclernic I'.dIIiSlng -
Peer Advisors are avadabie aI: the Warren PtOllOSt 
OffIce to help you ~ thrOUgh your sche<1Jle 
and o~ options A::lr}OUr major Kld minor areas 
of study. Warren College Ptovost. 

Monday, February 9,1981 
, 

1-4 -Grammar Moses Hotline' 1'1 grammar 
hotline phone-In. servICe for help with diction. 
grammar and punctuatIOn problems. To reach 
Grammar Moses. call 452- 2284 between I and 
4. Monday - FfI~. Sponsored I1y Oasis Writing 
CMter. SelVIce available all Quarter. 
2-JIJO-Resume-Writing Workshop: learn the 
fundamentals ot resume writing. Designed for 
the H&SSstudent gOing for an internship. h Igher-
level part-time JOb. or career-relatedJob. no slgn-
ups necessary. just shOw up in HL 1166. 

sports/ 
recreation 

The Archery Club has q:>en Shoot all day every 
day this week on the UCSO Archery Range. 

MONDAY 
1Z-1Z:45-Noon Conditioning will meet for 
practice everyday this week. starting at 12 in the 
Wrestling Room of the Main Gym. 
"S-The Table Tennis Club is holding practice 
every diJf from 4- 5 in the Rec. Cont. Rm. 
.. 6-The G)fTl(klStics Club will be holding 
practice every diJf starting at 4 on the South 
BalCOny of the Main Gym. 

~6-The Karate Club hOlds praaice today at 
Spm on the North Balcony of the Main Gym. 
6-The Snow Ski and Grass Ski Clubs will meet 
tonight at 5 in Hl1438. Come and join inl 
7-t-The Gung Fu Club will be holding a 
practice session todiJf at 7 in the Adaptive Room 
of the Main Gym. 
7:JO-Bridge: Instruction and Play. We otfl!r play 
and instruaion to all. We meet in the game room 
above the StudMt Center. 
.IG-The Israeli Folkdance Club will hOld a 
practice tonight. starting at 8 in the Rec Cont. 
Room. 

TUESDAY 
.lo.B-The lXotestling Club w ill be meeting 
lor practice today at Bam. Old wrestlers are 
needed. join us tor some re-conditioning in the 
wrestling room of the main gym. 
12-1214S-Noon Conditioning meets lor 
practice in the lXotestiing Room of the Main Gym. 
".-The Gymnastics Club meets on the South 
Balcoryof the Main Gym. 
5-SI45-The Judo (IuD will hold praaice both 
TuesdiJf and Thursday. starting at 5 in the 
wresNing Room In the Main Gym. 
'5-6-The Karate Club will be hOldIng practice 
today on the North BalCOny of the Main Gym. 
'IJO-Want to go ski ing. backpacking. 
climbing] Want to get the farthest away frorr, 
scrool and bookS. and have the greatest amount 
of fun for the least amount of money this long 
weekend] So do wei Come to the Outing Club 
meeting ana make·some plans and gol Everyone 
is welcomelln the Rec. Gym Conference Room. 
.11-The Racquetball Club holds Club Night at 
the Sorrento Valley Racquet Club tonight at 8. 
Come on dolM'l and JOin inl S2 for ttyee hours. 
Carpools leave at 7:45 from the Lkey Hall 
mailbox. 

WEDNESDAY 
'2-12:45-Noon condi tioning meets in the 
Wrestling Room of the Main Gym. 
I-J-The Jugging Club meets on the M.lir Lawn 
today at I. If it ra ins. meet in,the lXhestling Room. 
"S-The Table Tennis Club meets in the Ree 
Conference room. .' 
.. 6-The GymnastiCS Club meets on the South 
Balcony of the Main Gym. 
5-6-The Karate Club ~ on the North 
Balcony of the Main Gym. 
6a".-Aikido Club has practice todiJf from 
b :30 to 81n the lXotesWng Room of the Main Gym . 
7-t-The Gung Fu Club meets today in the 
I'Idaptive Room of the Main Gym. 
7-'-The Square Dandng Club meets tonight ar 
7 in the Rec. Conf. Rm. 

TH~AY 
• ,G-The wrestling Club haspraalce todiJfat 
B am. Old wrestlers are needed. join us lor some 
re-conditlorllng In the Wrestling Room of the 
Main Gym. 
12-IZ145-Noon conditioning ~ in the 
Wrestling Room of the Main Gym. 
... - The G)fTlnastics Club has practice on the 
South BalCOny of the Main Gym. 

~SI4S-The Judo Club has practice In the 
Wresting Room In the Main Gym. 

~6-The Karate Club will have practice on the 
North BalCOny of the Main Gym 

~.IJO-The Ballet FolklOrlco Club will hold a 
meeting/practICe In the ~ Cont. Rm. 
7-9-The Gung Fu Club meets in the I'Idaptl\le 
Iroom. 
.11-The Racquetball Club holds Club Niglt at 
the Sorrento Va/ley Racquetball Club tonight at 
8. Come on down and join Inl S2 A::lr 3 hours. 
Carpools leave at 7:45 from the Uey Hall 
malllOx. 

PlllDAY 
12-'ZI4I-Noon COndltlOl1lng ~ in the 
Wrestling Room of the MaIn Gym. 

pleaKc turn to palle 7 

Monday,February9,1981 

Classifieds 
The Guardian 

Hey all you Macho Men out thve. M' you dOIng 
tl""gs fIght? Find out by call IMl lnfo II( 453· 
4636 Aslefor",pe "M17 (2/19) 
PM)' Til,..,." MllerTimel ~ ~chtaperfrom 
your M iler Campus Rep. M iler S3250 \lte 
S3350 lowenbrau 540.50. Close to campus 

c~nlerce Geoff Boehl 274-2591 (2/1 9) 

Ovaseas Jobs . Slmmer/year round Europe. 
S ~ .• IlusIrOI",. As", All fields S500-S 1200 
monthly SIghtseeo ng. Free lriO Wnte IJC Box 
52·CA I9. CorOll/l Del /oNJr. CA 92025 ( 5/ 9) 
AfraId to So out a~er dor1<? GIll DIAl INfO. 452· 
4636 and ask tor IlIpe no S·18 (2/12) ' 

'7 

"Hot Shot· compeUIOrS nt.eled ~n and 
\NOI'I1en .~ up now In 1M office or c~ 10 
ne>Ct home bask£tW1 game. (2/1~ ) 

announcements QUIt Cold Turkey. GIll DI. llnfo.t 452·4636 .• nd fInd out how)OU c.n do il. Ask for tape "M16 (2/ 19) 

Wantedl One coorQlnator tor the Associated 
InternshIp OffIC. Sacramento Program. Please 
contact Kerth N,esen II( . 4689 (2/12) 
Muor Collese IS row acceptIng applocatlons 
Vom aalckmocally qualotif:d students to assoSl 
wHh freshman ol'lentbtloo . Md reglstrtttlOfl 
durIng June Obu/,n a JOb referral II( student 
employment and bnng It to the l'!oI.ost·s offIce 
2126 H&SS Deadline 2/13/81 (2/12) 

Ale you hung'l" Tored oI9"'ng 10 "",,,oreafereroa 
only to fInd out that they're 5eM "6 "Seafood 
Suf prl5ej " liver casser~e, and saue:rkral4 w Ch 
Ioma beans. whIle ~r at Revelle they had FIler 
MIgnon. baked potOtoes and Chocolate 
MOusse' GIll DIAL INFO' 452-4636. and '1'00 
won't be fOOled agOln (2/12) 

~n Inter.sted IfI englnterlng. medlClr'C. 
computer science. bIOlogy and all ~ 
scIence fields. )OU lite I""ted to attend the 
sem,nal "Future TechnOlogy and women" 
March 6-8 II( SOSU Regosrraboolorms In IWf.S. 
EECS. Boo. & Mlllh dept offlce~ Fort: mor into. 
come to the Women's Center Mondays II( 9am. 
(2/ 9) 
Learn the an 01 !lStr.1 Tr...el ot a Ir« Intensr.oe 
worI<snop g .... n bY -'llmananda/Or. frederICk 
Lenz. author d -lifetimes· True: ACCounts 01 
RelrlCllrfliluon " Or \.enz IS a frequent and 
lavonte guest on such snows as the PhIl 
Donohue Show and the Tony Tantlll Show. Ht 
Isconsock",d one d the f~l)'lOSlauthor~oes In 
PsychIC Dew:1C4JrT1<nt In North """(nCo todoy 
Tuesday. 7.30 P". ti. 1438 (219) 

Need qUlCkcash?Learnhowyoucan getit Call 
Doal Into at 452-4636. and aSk tor tape O'SO 
(2/19) 

You can be a Warren Or",ntatloo Leader Apply 
now! Get 0 Joo retetral from student 
empl~ent forst then an appilClI(lon p<)cket III 
the Warren prOYOSt office De:adlont, Thurs 
2/19 (2/12) 
Has thIS place 9"')OU d<M'fl? Need to ge t IIWiJ'f 
from It all? Find out how you can ESClll'EI Call 
Dodl I nto at 452-4636 and ask tor tlIP" "S t 6. 
(2/19) 

~clded abotl. )Our major" Come to the 
woricshop for Undeeilnd majors. Tuesday Feb 
10. 11· I pm North Coni Rm -Student Center 
Presented by the fOUl colleges. (2/9) 
Pan-ome Joo. day waItress & delovery M.Ist 

. dr .... stIck M Chelange:IOS It Rest. call Jem,o 
279·3757. T. Th. Sat. Sun. 8·12. (2/1 2) 

Applocallons are oow avaIlable tor sprIng. 
summer and lall InternshIps In San DIes<>. 
Sacromento. and Wash,ngtoo DC. Stop by 
AsSOCiated Siudents InternshIp Offoc • . (2/17) 

Waf'(ed Pr,rc. CharmIng on whIle !IlIlhoo or 
frog WIth prospeas Pilot on whIle "" Iplan&arso 
acccpCabie Contact Pres baby c/ o UCSO 
Soa"ng Club (2/9) 
Hey ldny; would 'ya be my Volentme? Ptr 
f<Mlre

' 
The Thord College V D ~rce IS com",,:! 

up soon. Vamornsl Con AlfectU050. "Bubs" P.S 
Bring Willtel (2/9) Be a real Va~ntlnt and buy "'" 0 Heart (oIbu:n) III Assared Vinyl All a Q6 Ips are on sal<: for 

S599 (2/9) Residenl Advoser ApplIcatIons lor T hrd College 
Me nowbelng accepted ApplICatIon Dead line 
" February 13. lQ61 - 400 pm For more Info. 
COntlOCl tho! Ttwrd College Resodent [)e;on's Off 
452·4340. (2/12) 

Lool<lng fora major? Come to the....or1<shop tor 
undeclared majors Tuesday Feb. 10. 11·1 pm. 
North Coni. Rm . Siudent Center Presented by 
the four cOlleges (2/9) 

lVe you bor~d? A/",nated by student Iof~? You 
are? It's your faul, but 1M:: can help GIll DIAl 
INFO. and find out ''What's Happening 00 
Campus " Just d",' 452-4636. ~nd as tor .,pe 
"H·2 (2/ 12) 
Dazed' Confused' BureaucratIC Blues got )OU 
down' See the hghl Use DIAl INFO. UCSD's 
InformatlOll/lI Tape LIbrary Gener~1 Campus 
Medlcoland Legal ,nformatlon os close as)<lUl' 
phone C~I 452-4636. (2/12) 

Tell two f"ends .. and they'lI h!II I'M> /nends. 
and so on . and so 00 The open fOlllffi 
dISCUS5100 for WMren Th rdWorld Sludenrsand 
all Interested. Warren apt. rec center. Wed. Feb 
11 630prn (2/9) 

Wed . Frl> 11 - 6,30 pm - Wom:n campus 
apartment r€Crel!(lOO centw:r. ooen forum 
dlscuS&ioo torW~ tIlJrd 'NClI'fd students and 
alllrterelled Be the'e or be square (2/ 9) 

Does your room IQOIc lI,e a Iobra'l'? collect 
BUCKS Instead c:I DUST ~om those old text 
bookS Call DIal Info at ~53-4636 and ask for 
tape -" S10 (2/t9) 

ApplICatIons are ra.N avaIlable tor sptlng. 
summer and fall InternshIps In San DIego. 
Sacramento and Washlngtoo DC. Stop by 
AsSOCIlI(ed Students internshIp Offic. (2/12) 

Weekly Calendar 
2-3-The Synchronized Swimming Club will be 
holding praalce at 2-3 at the pool. 
"S-The Table Tennis Club meets in the Ree. 
ConI. Rm. 
"6-The Gymnastics Club meets on the South 
Balco~ of the Main G)fTl. 
5-6-The Karate Club meets on the North 
Balcony of the Main Gym. 

SATURDAY 
1001l:"'The l'Iikido Club will hOld a practice in 
the Wrestling ·Room. -
II-Z-The Ultimate Frisbee Club will hold a 
practice today on Third COllege Field. 
.. 6-The BoXing Club will hold its practice 
session in the I'Idaptive Room • 

SUNDAY 
10012-The Synchronized Swimming Club will 
be holding practICe today io the pool. 

meetings 
MONDAY 
S-Israel Action Committee: For those interested 
in the present and future of Israel. If you are 
interested. bUt can't make it to the meeting. 
please call Richard 455- 5 77b. or the UJS office. 
452-3616. Meet at the Fishbowl. IDwer Muir 
Carrpus. 
6-Snow Ski Club Meeting. Sun Valley Spring 
AII-cal info Kld reservations. HlI43B. 

TWSOAY 
4-S-Committee Interview Orientation : 
Mandatory orientation session for all fourth year 
juniors. seniors & gradJate students wishing to 
sctleWle a oommittee interview w /the Health 
Sderlces I'IcMsory Ptogram. PleaSe attend one 
session. OuestiOns directed to Ellen MorKl or 
Beth Gex in CP&P 452-3750. 
6aJO-<)uting Club Meetingl This is it - come 
to the~ing andmaicesorneplKlS tJrthis long 
Wef!kmd. your last chance to have some tun 
before tlnalSll'llso we're showing films that will 
gve you irnaluabfe Inbmalion in sa~ding 
yourself against ~a. Frostbite and 
AvaIar1ct1esl Everyone wela>melln the'Rec. G)rn 
Conf. Rm. 
~Ion of .Jewish StudentS: weel<1y 
meeting for all Interested students. Please be 
~I For more Information. please call the WS 
office 452- 3616. or Diane b~2-1379. I'ItGraclJal:e 
Student Con1l!rena! Room. 
8a»-M::Me: "The Green Wall" . Wlnner of 
International awards. PenJlliKl. ~. sponsored 
.~ the Spanish Club. Hl 1402 

.' .. pe.y 

religious 
a.n-Jewlsh Services. The morning minyan 
meets at Bam on campus. All Interested people 
are welcome to join us. For more ,nformation 
please call Davie 453-4501. Mark 57& S4b9 or 
Diane b92-1379. 

TUESDAY 
Jpm-iife arJd teaching of Jesus Christ New 
Testament class in LOS institute bldg lacross the 
street from Tioga). 
.:Sf-TGIT lThiW'lk GOd It's Tuesday) Come Ilea 
part of the largest C~ristian fellowshIp at UCSO. 
We're so large theuniversitycan 't guarantee us a 
set room. I\bte the room ch""gp - Revelle 
Informal Loungel Sponsored ~ Campus Crusade 
for Christ Rt!Velle Informal Lounge. 

9~atholic Billie SttOt at Lkliversll}' lutherKl 
Church. 9595 La .k>Ua Shores Dr. 

IllEDN£SDAY 
7·.~sic Jewish Concepts: 1'1 disQJssion class 
led ~ Rabbi Moshe Leider of Chabad. ~II 
intl!rested people are invited to attend. Arl':I 
Questions] Call Rabbi Leider at 582-7719. In P&l 
2322. 

THURSDAY 
I-Who is .k>seph Smith7 \M1at did he do that 
affects every person in Earth 7 Come find out at 
the LDS Institute. across the street from Tioga 
Hall. 
J-Ufe Kld teaching of .Jesus Christ New 
Testament class in lOS Institute 81dg. across the 
street from Tioga Hall. 
7IJO-"How to LklClerstKld the Bible" will be 
presented ~ campus Pastor • .bhn Hum. in the 
lounge of Lh~rsity luthl!rKl Church. 9595 L.a 
.k>lIa Shores Dr~. nelCt to Revelle College. 

SAlWmAY 
S~athoIic Mass at Lkl~il}' lutherKl Churd1. 
9595 La .k>1Ia Shores Dr. 

SUNDAY 
.JO.....oCathoIic Mass at Lkliversity lutherKl 
CtlJrch. 9595 L.a .blla Shores Dr. 
'G-Wtheran ServIce of Holy Commuoon, 
bl~ ~ Bible Study on "The l.J"liquerless of 
Christ." aI: 11:15 am. iWld a lilt' linch aI: 12 noon. 
I'It Utiversity lutherKl CtlJrd'l. 9595 L.a .k>Aa 
Shores Dr., across the street from Lkey Hall. 

I~ic Mass. iJ'll\.'er5ity lutheran 
CtlJrd'l. 9595 L.a .k>Ha Shores Dr .. 
12 no an ..£piscopal EucharIst. LhiYersity 
lutheran CtlJrd'l. 9595 L.a .k>1Ia Shores Dr. 
s-<athoIic Mass. Lkl~ity wtt1erKl Churd'l. 
9595 La .k>11a Shores Dr. 

WIlat's the best WiJ'f to 101 low d,me:rar Wi"~'s 
00 Wed . frl> 1" The for..,.., dlseusSlon for 
Warren thord world students and all Interested 
Warren apl ree. center. 630 pm (2/9) 

/oItLk )OUr swertheart happy. buy a ~ord 
from AS Vinyl dunng kl; V.Ient,nes Sale 
ThursdiJ'f and Fnd"" (2/ 9) , 

please turn to pale 15 

4-The Third College Commuter Board IS 
sponsoring a Wlne Kld Ch eese Get To gether. A ll 
Third College Commuters are invited in the 
Center for the People. 
..,...tomlc Cafe. Forum for gradJare co~ers 
in MandevIlle Red tal Hall. 

I 
THURSDAY 
7 .,d 9~ampus Rec and UCSD Ski Club 
present "Wlnter Fever." a Warren Miller 
production. It 15 a w inter ski film that is free to all. 
Two ShoWIngs. 7 and 9 in USB 2722 
7:JO-Che Cafe Poetry Series: featunng Barbara 
Elnzlg IColor. Disappearing Work) in Che Cafe. 
a-The UCSO Department ofDrama will present 
two one-act plays Mtitled "Trifles." by Susan 
Gtaspell and "Hello Kld GoodDje." by I'Ithol 
Fugard. at the StudIO Theatre in building 409 
Smallllln February 12. 13Kld 14 at Bpm. "Trines" IS 
a finely tuned suspense drama tMat deals with the 
lilies of v.omen In 'rural I'Iml!rica. "Hello Kld 
Goodo,.'C" is OJ poetic. dramatic work covrittM ~ 
the best known of contemporary l'Ifrican writers. 
"Hello Kld GoodDje" has a universal theme of 
isolation and alienation. ioQJsing on the taut 
webs of family obligations and personal needs 
that strKlgie Indivlruals. SI. 

FRIDAY 
a-Susan B. I'Inthony Non-Sexist Dance 
sponsored ~ LeSIliKl and Gay OrgKlization. 
Che cate. 51 all. 
... The UCSO Department 0; Drama will present 
two one-act plays entitled "Tnfles." by Susan 
Glaspell and "Hello Kld GoodlJoje." ~ I'Ithol 
Eugard at the Studio Theatre in building 409 
Small on Feb. 12. 13 and 14 at B pm. "Trifles" is a 
finely tuned suspense drama that deals with the 

I~ of v.omen in rural l'Imerica. "Hello and 
GoocIDje" is a poetic. dramatic work written I1y 

~ best known of contemporary I'\frican writl!rS. 
"Hello Kld ~ .. has a universal theme of 
isolation and alienation. focusing of the taut 
webs of family oQligatiOns and personal needs 
tha strangle IndMdJals. 
....Third CoUege Valentine's Day Semi-Formal. 
Tickets available at DeKl:S office or Res. DeKl'S 

. olfice Ibr S6. Singles are welcome . 

SATUmAY 
... The UCSo Department of Drama will presMt 
two one-aa plays entitled "Trifles." by SuSKl 
Giaspell Kld "Hello iWld ~:. ~ I'Ithoi 
Eugard at the StuiOd Theare in building ~09 
Small on Feb. 12. 13 and 14 at 8 pm. " Trifles" is a 
finely n.ned suspense drama tha dealS with the 

I~s 01 VIoQfI1en in rural America. "Hello and 
Goodt:ye" is a poetic. dramatic work written ~ 
the best known of contemporary Mican writl!rS. 
"HefIO and Good¥" has a universal theme of 
isolaion and alienation. focusing on the taut 
webs of family ob/igat:ions and personal needs 
that stran~ IndividJals. 

SUMlAY 
Z-Minl-concert : BkJes-<ountry-folk-bit.legrass. 
Bob LaBeau MusiC Cer1(I!r. 14bO Rosecrans. 222-
66B6. S1.50. 

lUESDAY 
12-' ~ontraceptlve Education SeHion : 
Informal diSCUSSIons. all must attend to ~ 
birth control services and men are encouraged to 
attend as well. No appt necessaty. Ioc:.ltedln the 
confl!rence room at the UCSD Student Health 
Center. 
4-SoIid State PhYSICS Serrinar: "SUPerconruai-
VII}' In Two Djmensions" l1y spealcer Dr. Allen M . 
Goldman. Utili. of Minnesota in 3070 USB. 
4-AstroptljSlCS/Space PhysIcs Seminar. Dr. 
Gregory A Beniord. UC Irvine ' will speak on 
" Instabilities In Extra GalactIC Radio .Jets" In 1110 
P&L 

4~emlcal-Physics Seminar: "The MoleaJlar 
I'Irchitecture of Metal SItes in A'otens: Struaural 
Studies USing X-ray I'Ibsorption Spectroscopy" by 
Prof. ·Keith Hodgson. Dept of Chl!rristry. StKlford 
Lkliverslty. In USB 2b22. 
6aJO-Hypothermla kills I Come to the OUting 
Club meeting iWld learn how to sa~d 
your;elf ag;wrnt n,jXJ~'lemia. !rosttllte and 
avalKlChes I Then. make plans to g:J skiing. 
backpacking or rockdirrDng tnis weekend. It 
could be your · last chance until Spring Brealclln 
the Rec. Gym Confl!rence Room. 
7-Moira Roth. art critic. histor'iKl. UCSO 
professor Will speak on The History of 
PerformiWlce I'Irt I iWl introdJaion to UCSO's 
PerformKlce Week. Feb. 17-201. POtluc1\.: 
Sponsored ~ Arts Student Leag.Je. ~~ 
103. free. • 
7--Did you ~ry WKlt. to fly the ridges of 
Torrey? Find out how and When}OU and your 
friencls can do so. Come to the UCSD Soaring 
Club and sign-up. Ground school contlroes. all 
inll!rested are welcome to attend. 4lstairs 
Student Center Lounge. 

WEDNESDAY 
'2 noon~ontracept~ Education Se5sion: 
Informal disQJssion. all rrust attend to ~ 
birth control services and men are erlOOUrageci to 
attend as well. No appt r)l!C.essary. located In the 
conference room a the UCSD Student Health 
Center. 
12 '--'peep OceKl Hot Springs:1'In Oasis 
of Ufe" - brown bag lInchtime lecture ~ Bud 
Smithey. Senior Research l'Issociille at Scripps 
Institute of Oceanograpty Indudes tascinaing 
slides in ChKlCellor's Conference ~. 1111'1. 

~ics CollOQUium: Dr. Martin Felger1baum. 
IDs Alamos Scit"fltific L.aboratory. spellks on 
"Periodicity. Instability and the Onset of Olaos" 
In 2b22 USB. 
4-<lrganic Chemistry Serrjgar; "Direct StuOy of 
the I.l-Diazena" ~ speak~ot. Peter Detvarl. 
Cal Tech. Pasadena. CA in TlH 104. 
.:M-Open Forum b' WarrM Third \XA:>r1d 
students as well as all intl!rested Warren 
students. Topics to be discussed indude: the 
unique needs of Third ,,",rid s tudrnts at Warren. 
student irM>Nemerlt on ~. and staff-
studmt interaaion. I'It Warren Campus 
.Apartment ~ Cer1(I!r. 

lH..sDAY 
IZ .--Biochemistry Seminar: "Functional 
Mltants of Yeast I'llcoho/ Det¥togenase" ~ 
speaker A'of. Christopher' WillS. UCSD 810/0g( in 
BS8 2100. 

lo-Next meeting of the U1dergraclJal:e 
~tics l'Issociation. We are trj'ing to get a 
Speech path%gf ~ ~ we welcome 
support. In the lounge. P&l 334 2 tor all 
;ntl!rested ling. majors and minors. 

~O Pbp Events ~ing. Student Centl!r. 
Bldg. B .• I'brth Cont ~. 

entertainment lectures 
12-M.Jsic Department Seminar: A'esenta-
tion/disQJssion: "1'1 Flock Descents Into the 
I"mtagDnal Garden." Takernitsu disrusse and 
plays a tape of his most recent orchestral work In 
MandevIlle RecItal Hall. 
~SDT General Stal'l Meeting. open to all 
lrurestecl in radio Of rnJsiClJ or buSiness. get 

I~ in the mecIa of the 8O's_ /'{. KSOT 
Studios. Student Cer1(I!r. 

~ CkJt): Dr. 0;Md lult IHistOfy) 
speakS on ~and unci Oesterreich in 
Beagle HaN 1'Ipartment. 

ntI~Y 
..........." ~ Acul Tournarnertt f'I¥rS -
come to an ~ last mhJte~ingontne 
regioNl tris weekend In ~ Gym 0IIIce 20. this 
Is manclM:O/Y. If you cannot attmd. make sure 
you c~ in ea1ler1 x4038. 

,~ .m (illy O'ganilation Meeting in 
IIkJnh Cant "". Studer1t Cernr. 

MONDAY 
.... - .. KwaidiIn ... a ftlm directed ~ KobiryOShi; 

score~ Takerritsu. whewill introdJcethe 111m In 
MandeIIiIIe ~ium. 

'IUUDoI'Y 
12 ___ I-The T~ Noon Concert SI!rIes 
~.ures the rode band Valhalla aI: ReIeI~ Plaza. 
a-Two ftlms: "Ballad of 0'1n." direaed ~ 
Shlnoda. & "\XA)man In the Dunes." dlreaed ~ 
Korosawa; scored ~ Takemltsu. who wi" 
/ntrodJce the IIlms in MandeIIIIIe 1'Iuditorium. 

• __ WAY 

.....u::SO NaN fO«Jy Sene: Nurlng lAira 
Chester in the Re\letle Formal Lounge. 

MONDAY 
12 .-~ncheon with J. Robert Nelson I~ 
reservation ont;l foIIowoed ~ his presentation on 
"Science and Our Troubled Conscience" 
beginning at 12:30 pm. The Presentation is open 
to all UCSD farutty. staff. and students. North 
CCJ"1ference Room. UCSO Student Center. 
luncheOn: SI. discussion: free. 
4--High Energy Physics Seminar. Dr. Fritz 
~hrlld1. lkli\IerSity of syracuse Kld Irvine will 
speak on "relativistic Particle Dynamics" In ~5 
MlryerHaIl. , 

4--Reprowa~ Meddne SerOOar. Gary w. 
Arendash. UClA. will speac on -StudIes on the 
Neural REguIalon of lJ-f RfIe_ and Sexual 
8eha\IiOr" In the Clinical T~aHng Fadlity. 
Cor'ftrence room 8-205. 2225 Didlensa1 SUe«. 
SO.CA 

a-tsrael is the only democracy in the Middle 
East. Find out how it ~nctions . .bm Ibttvnann. 
former political aide to the I.IIIhite House iWld 
OJrrent president of the Si1n FrarlCisro dlaptl!r of 
the ZIonist Or9Klization of ArnefIca. will speak 
on "Oemocracy in Israel: 1'1 ~ of the .AJne 
Election .. Adrrission is tref! arld refreshments will 

~ pr<Mded. For more information call the lSI' aeI 
Action Committef! at 452-3616 Of Middle of Muir 
IMOMl452-4418. 

PlllDAY 
I-Special ~~ics SerTWlar: "Studies of 
A'oton Transfer IMIh f'IcDsea)nd l.aen" ~ 
speaker Prol. ICer1 Eisenthal. O!pt. of ChemIsoy, 
CoUnIN ~. New "'\:n. in U'fY Aoom. 
U .H. 2101. 



8 

$" 8 Precision 
, Haircut 

(includes shampoo, conditioner ~ cut) j~l' 

The 

for guys and gals at JI£.~~;s,"L-" t. . ~ ." , 
to ~~ ~ .' 
~ ." \ 
- \ . I 

La Jolla tUTIING Company 

r
Call for 
appoinbnenL 

737 rurl Street 
'a. Jolla: 456-1170 
4766 rolnt I.oIna Ave. 
rolnt 1.oIIIa: 1l.l-0867 

The ' 

r---COupon----1 
I I I blow dry Included I 

with coupon. I Long hair $2 extra I 
I for blow dry. I 
I I 
I Icoupon good Mon-thUD onJy \ I L __________ .J 

T he Gua rd inn 

Important Notice For 

~~~O~\O~ 
I""""""" The Department of AMES and 

Hewlett-Packard Corporation w ill be 
awarding an HP 41 -( calculator to a 
promising Junior or Senior Student. 

Selection will be based on academic 
performance and involvement in 

extracurricular professional or service-
oriented activities. 

Those interested should submit a brief 
summary of their qualifications in these 

areas to: B. Fleming, Room 5218 Urey Hall, 
by Fcbru-V 16, 1981. 

TRAVEL womancare ------" 'Hair by 
OUTFITTERS Michael 

Over 10 years experience 

-

Self-Help 
Well Woman 

lesbian Well-Woman 
Child Birth Program 

Pregnancy Screening Hairstyl ing ror the entire ramily 

a 
feminist 
women's 
health 
center 

Abortion up to 
'6 weeks 

• ,ntI Control 
. I 
3686 4th A¥enueJ' 
S.n Diego 

L..-----.,---or call: 298-9352 
, 

Prccisipn haircuts your way 
Always a tree consultation 

1\Icsday thru Sat urday 9-5 
Thursday 9-7 

71 19 La Jolla Blvd. 
ca ll ror appointment 

459-9426 

At Basic Four,. You Won't 
Just Be Using Computers ... 
You'll Be Designing Them! 
What better way to begin your career than at the focal point of advanced computer technology -
design. As a computer professional at Basic Four Information Systems, you 'll have the unique op-
portunity to see projects go f rom init ial concept through deSign, development , manufacturing . 
and marketing. 
With a 30%, increase in sales over the past five years, we are increasing our staff in both Houston 
.and Southern California, and t:lave posit ions in the following areas: 

Hardware Et:lgil'leers 
Involves the design, construction and 
testing of digital logic circu its used In MOS 
microprocessor based computer systems. 
Responsibilities include deslgn ing/spe· 
c ifying circuits, documentation and integra-
t ion into a computer system. Areas o f 
work include Intell igent terminals, central 
processing units, peripheral devices and 
communications interface. 

Software .Engineers 
Involves the deSign, fabrication , mOdifica-

·tion and enhancement of computing sys-
tems, data communicat ion networks, em-
ulatloJ')s and architecture. Will be involved 
in esc, HOC, SOC, X.25, communication 
protocol , programming w ide word 2901 Bits / 
Slice, microprocessors and designing 
PASCAL based compliers. 

ON CAMPUS INTERVIEWS 
Tuesday, February 24 
Contact your Placement Center 
for more informatton. 

Basic Four ® 
Information Systems 
14101 New Myford Road 
Tustin , CA 92680 

Equal Opportunity Employer M/F 

Monday, February 9. 19 8 1 

CEP today 
cont inue« from page 1 
confrontation with the 
tudents and .. ettle this 

inl ernally." 
. 'Tm trying to appeal to the 
students not to let it come to a 
confrontation." he said . 
"Thi ' would poi 'on the 
st uden t/ teacher relation · 
s hip. and wou ld not do the 
campus much good. 

"Bul 1 must r gretfull y 
issue the warning that 
furt her disruptions of the 
meeting ' wi ll not be 
tolerated. " 

Sham said he will issue a 
statement to all unin ited 
students at tooay's meeting 
out lining his reasons for 
clo ' ing CEP meetings before 
he ca lls for their expulsion. 

An alternative to forcibly 
removing the students \ ould 
be postpon ing discuss ion on 
the Incompletegradingpolicy 
for a econd week. 

However, committee 
members last week only 
reluctantly agreed to hold off 
discu 'sion of the grading 
policy. and it is unlikely they 
will agree to another week 's 
extension. 

Unl\ltrslly d California. ~n~ CIW 

BACKPACKING 
'SP,KlNG QUARTfR 

]5' units 
--'-"" Kology. dtlnoboUny. Indtnt ultUf'CS lIodIy __ .. 

«OIogy. _yo wlIllUr. """ ... 

ffrtMKl. A.s.sIJtlncl' OfM'" ., .. 
{)ud4iM 1o 'PI1ItI: TdHWI1/ 10. 1981 

...... ltOII) 429-1822 or .nit: 
srlUl'I«; n~1J) STVDtI:S 

tuditJ Hou)t: 
Uni"',slly 0/ Couromil. So .... C,Ul 

~1I1:a Crul, CA ~ 

YOll8 TRIP STAIlT8 HElIE 
Flight •• Eurall • BrttRaiI • etc ... 
w .... Europe Tn ... 1 SpociaU ... 

Call for • he Trip 0.,.01 ..... 

~ 

I.D.'s 
5 minutes IS all It takes to 
make your driver's license 

quality photo I.D .. card. 
Also available: laminations, 
pnntlng, passport photos, 
bUSiness cards, singing 
telegrams, press 'and 
photographer passes, 
elTIployee I.D cards, and 

lamlnalions 

Anthony's 
Photo I.D.'s 

471' Claire mont 
Mcu 1Iwi. 
m-1116. 

O.mw: ShoPPIng (ertler uPStalfs 
, m.~ ~SI of HI05 

Monday, Februarv 9. 1981 9 

Baseball in February? UCSD has it 
BY STEVE GOLDSTICK 
It is February. but this is 

California. and the baseball 
'ea 'on has started. 

For Coach Vince Askey and 
the UCSD baseball squad. 
the 1981 season wi ll betaken 
no more than "one game at a 
time." 

And, although Askey said 
he doesn't wan t to bu ild up 
any expectations fo r the 
team. last Saturday's 
exhibition contest with the 
"pros" at Olson FielCi left him 
"impressed and positive" 
with the team' per(ormance 

on the whole, though they 
ended up losi ng 7·5. 

But t he loss didn ' t mean 
much to th Tritons, who 
open their regu lar sea 'on this 

.Friday ho ·t ing Occidental. In 
a game where experience 
counted more than winning. 
the Tritons kept themselves 
within reach of tying the 
score all t he way up until the 
last inning. 

Coming off their best year 
last season, when UCSD 
made the NCAA Division III 
playoffs for the first time and 
finished with a 17·23 record. 

Askey didn ' t seem 'urprised 
that his team kept up with 
the pros. He also saw more 
than he expected to see in his 
players. 

"Last year I think we were 
overly optim is t ic, which 
changed into expectat ions. 
and when we didn't win a 
couple games we thought we 
would. we were let down ," 
said Askey. "Thi ' year we 
will not try to let wins or 
losses effect us by concentra-
ting on t he next game and 
knowing wecan keep up with 
any team. " 

This was th e case 
at urday against a pro sq uad 

that featured native San 
Diegan and American League 
All tar s hort s top Allan 
Trammell. Nul knowing 
what to expect. t h Tritons 
s howed t heir ability by 
keeping t hemselHs in a 
game. 

In front of a near·capacity 
crowd of some 60 spectators. 
the pros broke the ice with 
two runs in the top of the 
third on a base hit with the 
bases loaded . 

Then in t he top of the fift h 
with the bases loaded. two 

'out and two moreruns across 
the plat e. UC D third 
baseman and team ca ptain 
Pat McGovern stop~ a 
hard· hit ground ball and 
forced a runner oul atlhird to 
end the pros ' ra il from 
cont inuing any further. 

Afl er being held scorele<;s 
for the fir ·t four innings. the 
Triton '· began to how a 
display of hitting prowe 's the 
next two. 

In the bottom of the fifth 
with a man on first and two 
outs. Dana Ostrom ripped the 
fi rst of fou r Tri ton triples to 
t he left center field fence and 
. cored on a triple by the next 
batter. returning 'enior Eric 
Zimmer. 

the seventh and one in the 
nint h. and went into last raps 
down 7·,3 wit h their "never 
say die" all it ude. 

"We started slow but the 
rlayers got more into it as the 
game progressed . We kept 
ourselve. in it with a couple 
of key hilS ~nd good solid 
defense. but more important· 
Iy. w played like we knew we 
could." he said. 

With four retur n ing 
starters. veteran McGovern. 
Kummer, Scarfoni. and 
cenlerfie lder Brei 'Iand -
st rom, Askey :aid on ly a 
couple of po 'ition: remain 
uncertain. 

The pitching rotation. he 
said. also has not been 
finalized. 

One other thing that 
'remains to be seen is how the 
Tritons will weather this 
year's improved schedule . 
whi h includes playing fTlore 
Divi:ion I teams t han last 
year. something Askey 
arranged wit h t he confidence 
that the 1981 team cou ld 
"keep up" with anyone. as 
long as they take it one game 
at a time. 

J e ff Stadle r , a pitc her' in the San Fra nc 'sco Giants organiza tion. races tlte back toltecond 
base. UCSD shortstop Rob Quiel a wa its he pickoff throw. Sta dle r beat the ball a nd was sa re. 

With the core 4-2 . both 
teams cored a run in the 
sixth. the Tritons setting 
theirs on Dean Scarfoni's 
lead off triple. Scarfoni also 
made a n ice catch of a line 
drive at second base in t he top 
of the inning . 

UCSD let up another run in 

With modest expectations 
Askey said. " If we play .500 
bal!: it ' ll be a good year for . 

Warren College 
Open forum for 

Warren Third World 
Students 

Wednesday, february 11 th, 6 :30 pm 
Warren Apartment Rec Center 

Refreshments will be served. for more 
infonnatlon call 452-4581. 

IHE GENERAL 
. . 

SIORE 
has 

backpacks ===il 
heavy ' duty cordura nylon 

suggested reta il $22,00 
our price $14.18 

--

Located on the south side of the 
Student Center. 

Hours: Monday-Frjday, 11-4 

451-3931 

lET· US PlAY 
CUPID r .OK YOU! 

In honor of st. Valentine's Day 
(the holiday, not the massacre), we 

at The Guardian are making a special offer: 

Come in to our offices between the 
.. ours of 9 am and 5 pm, today and 

tomorrow (and 9 am to noon on 
W~dnesday), · and you can purchase 
a'100-space classified Valentine's 

Personal for only 25(. All ads will be 
run on Thursday, february 12, 1981. 

L-___ Umit: 6 per customer. ----:----' 



10 The Guardian Monday, February 9,1981 

Net teams take on 4 opponents; split 
Men take two Women drop one 

BY SAMANTHA ROBY · 
On the Muir Courts last Wednesday, the 

Triton Men's Tennis team dropped a hard-
fouJZht match to cross-town foe USIU, 7-2. 
ucsn's number-one seed, Everett Gee, was 
edged out of an incredibly close match by 
US-JU's zealous number-one seed, Rod Rafael , 
7-6, 6-7, 7-5. 

In the first set, Gee appeared to be having 
some trou ble get ting his first services in, thus 
having to resort to his less powerful second 
serve_ Early in the set, Gee returned most of 
what w~ fired his way, but Rafael was 
cal,ling the shots. 

Unforced errors a nd an efficien t 
performance by Occidental College took the 
UCSD Women s Tennis team down to defeat 
7-2 on the Muir Courts last Friday. 

Laura Saavedra. UCSD's num ber two seed, 
dropped her match to Rene' of Occidental 6-3, 
6-0 in a lackluster contest. Neither player 
performed aggressively and the resulting 
pace was slow, characterized by sever(!llobs 
and baseline-to-baseline play. 

Saavedra began the first et on her own 
serv ice and seemed to have no trouble 
covering the court. Rene' broke her serve and 

please tum to page 1 1 

ASSOCIATED STUDENTS 
INTERNSHIP OFFICE 

presents 
, 

\ 

Singing Valentine'. Day Tclegrams 
Send a singing telegram to your friends and loved 

ones. Forms available at EDNA, MOM, libraries and ASia. 

The two UCSD tennis teams were in action last week. 
Above, Lisa Gilbert, playing number three singles, 
concentrates on her backhand against Occidental. She lost, 

. 6-2,6-1. John Rosenberg, at left, eyes a ·volley in his match 
against USIU. Rosenberg beat his opponent, 7-5, 6-1. 

3 

The Black Student's Union presents 
, 

Serge 
Mukendl 

Serge Mukendi, a representative with the Congolese 
National Liberation Front (FLNC), is being brought to 

Career Opportunities Meeting 
with 

PACIRC mEPHOHE 
career jobs for alrmajors 

Monday, Fcbni.y 9, 3 pm 
InterMtIonII Center . 

INTERNSHIPS 
San Diego, Sacramento & Washington, D.C. 

Spring & Summer applications ncJIN accepted. 

For more Information call x4689 or stop 
by our office on the second floor of the 

Student Center above the lounge. 

the west coast under the auspices of tt'le Patrice 
Lumumba Coalition; an international P~n-Africanist 

organization. Mukendi, a fighter for the liberation of the • 
Congo, will be giving us insight into the legacy of 

Patrice lumumba and the neo-colonialism, 
underdevelopment, human misery, foreign exploitation, 
persistent human rights violations and CIA involvement 

which face Africa today. 

Thursday, February 11 
7:00 pm, APM 1113 

an activity of Black History Month 
frn ..... 1uIon 

sponsored by: Black Student's Union, Coalition of 
Black Student Organizations, ASUCSD, Political Science 

Department. 

Monday, February 9,1981 The Gmll-dian 11 

Who is to blame? 

Dilemmas from all around face track 

" 

L' 

i 
I 
; 

! 

! 

f 
I 

BY JIM AGRONICK 
I"ff Wriler 

This is the second in a series 
0/ articles aboutl nterroliegiate 
Athletics at UCSD. The men 's 
and women 's track team wilf 
be covered here. 

When asked to enumerate 
some of UCSO's be t kept 
secrets, the typical tudent 
would probably place ecret 
DNA research at the top of 
the list. If you asked track 
coach Andy Skief this same 
question, he would include 
the men's and women's track 
teams. 

The usual response is, "We 
have a track team here?" For 
the record, wedo have a track 
tearn. Are they successful? 
Well, that depends on how 
one defin es success. If 
succe s is determined by 
participation, and this is the 
current UCSO athletic 
philosophy, then the track 
team is · fairly successful. 'f 
success is defined by the won-
lost records, the Trilons 
haven't even left the start ing 
blocks. 

Skief will be the first to 
admit that UCSO track · 
hi story isn't exactly 
s parkling . The track 
program has been hampered 
by several problems, not the 
least of which are lack of 
funding for facilities and 
extra coaches, an inability to 
attract athleles and a general 
lack of competitive s pirit. . 

"It's difficult to attract 
athletes when many of them 
come from facilities that are 

~ 

80-90 percent bet ter than 
ours·... 'aid Skief. The 
s ituation is so dismal that 
Sk ief does much of the work 
on the track and the 
equipment himself. On any 
given day , he can be seen 
mowing the lawn or fixing 
the pole vaulting pits. 

Becau 'e of lack of funds, 
Skief must resort to doing 
maintenance work and 
singlehandedly coaching the 
men' and women's track 
teams. 

"Andy has to run interval 
for the sprinters. help 
athletes in the field events 
and also give attention to 
those in the distance and 
middle distance events - we 
only have one coach. he can't 
be in 20 different places at 
once," sa id senior distance 
runner Keith Hill . 

A second problem faced by 
Skief is an inability to attract 
athletes. The men ' team 
doesn't have enough athletes 
to fill all the events, and the 
women's team isn't even 
close. Parl of the problem 
relates to the poor facilitie , 
but the coach i.;; not free from 
blame. 

Skief seems happy to wait 
for walk-on athletes rather 
than actively recruiting like 
other coaches at UCSD (such 
as the swimming, volleyball 
and basketball coaches). 
While none of the coaches at 

. UCSO can offer money, they 
attempt to sell the school on 
both the academics and 
athletics program~. 

WANTt:D! 
Muir College 

Orientation Leaders 
Students must obtain a job referral 

form at Student Employment and bring 
it to the Muir Provost's Office, 

Deadline for appUcations is 
. friday, february 13, 1981. 

This is your chance to enjoy a 
fun and rewarding jobl 

STILL U"Ot:CIAImO??? 
Attend 

"Strategies for Undec~red McUors" 

This workshop will give you 
a systematic Way to learn more 

I-about your skills, Interests and . 
goals, and how to Investigate the 
m~ors and careers that best suit you, . 

f 

Tuesday, rebruary 10, 1981 
. Nortb ConferelM:e Room 

Sbadent Center 
11 am to 1 pm 

j 
I 

r . 

. 

The final problem seems to 
be a lack of competitive spirit 
among the athletes. Again. 
the coach is respon sible to 
some extent for t he team 
attitude. " Everyone realizes 
that we're not going to be 
track champions 0 we're 
participating for the fun of 
Lt," said team member Emile 
Seoffone. 

kief biames the schedu-
ling of classes. Because of 
different class schedules, he 
said. many of the athletes 
must work out individually 
and t his tends to weaken 
team unity. However. all of 
UCSD's other athletic teams 
must contend with the same 

gram." said fre hman 
Cleridy Lennert. 

This independent philo-
sophy also carries over lo 
recruiting. '" would rather 
not have finandal scholar-
ships for athletes where the 
players are bound to the 
program by a contract . I 
would rather have the 
players dedicated on their 
own," said Skier. 

cheduling problems. 

Thi att itude seems to be 
the general consensu among 
many of the athlete. but 
there are tho ewhodon't like 
it "I'd like to see more 
serious at·hletes." said Brian 
Barton . .. It 's frustrat i ng 
because we don't have too 
many of them." 

There are some pvsitive 
aspect s to t he track program. 
Skief is well-liked by his 
ath letes, who don't eem 
dis atisfied by the dominant 
participation attitude. '" like 
hi coaching sty le. He 's 
understanding and he allows 
each athlete to create an 
individual training pro-

Skief has 'also become 
s tricter with meet and 
workout attendance, cutt ing 
tho e athletes who don ' t live 
up to his s tandards. But still, 
the track team remains a 
third-rate operatIon. 

Next: VulleybaII. 

Women drop match, 7-2 
coritinued from page 10 
got an early lead. Saavedra had 'omewhat of a 
problem keeping her shots consistently in 
bounds. 

With Rene' leading 3-2 in the 'et and 
holding the advantage in the six th game the 
two players were sparked to an exciting rally 
t hat covered the whole court. Saavedra dealt 
her opponent a nearly deva tating backhand 
passing shot which Rene' managed to reach 
and return with the same force for the point 
and the game. Saavedra took only one of the 
following three games to complete the set at 3- · 
6. . 

Saavedra began the next set on another 
sour note, getting caught midjudging the 
direction of a sutt>tan'tial number of Rene's 
s hots. De pite the incon i tency of most of 
the play, Saavedra's erve regularly found its 
way into Rene' service court. . 

By the second game both players 'eemed to 

have lost both t heir energy and interest in the 
game. forfeiting the opportunity to attack the 
net and choosing !o remain on the baseline. 
Saavedra perked up occasionally. but not 
enough to take even one game of the set. By 
the sixth game, Rene' was all business and 
eager to put t he match away. She 
accompli hed just that, taking the set 6-0. 

The number one seed, Cecilia Kavanaugh 
- was the only single to pull out a victory over 

her Occidental opponent, Sanders, 6-2, 6-3. 

Triton coach Liz Dudaf;h was ciif;appointed 
by the outcome of the malch. Goin~ i.nto \!, 
he had anticipated a much closer flm ·h. , 

don 't think they played as well as they could 
have. They gave up too many unforced 
errors," 

Th'e team's next match here i Saturday 
against Glendale College of Arizona. 

Get in Shape this Summer 
and 

Get Credit for Two Years of ROTC 

6 week ROTC Basic camp 
Free Travel Expenses 
Free Room and Board 
Begin in May, June or July 

No Obligation 
2 Year Scholtl'ships 

Pay: $475.00 

For further Infonndon on the Nmv I~ . commissioning 
PI09f~ call C.pUln Glenn Perk •• at 165-4943. 



12 

Dinner Special 
Monday- FridaY starting at 4 pm 

Tostada 
Bar 

Malee your 0INn tostada from our wide selection 01 
fresh, tluthentic ingredients 

$3.45 
MargcYitas $1 .00 

Michelob on tap 504 

Elley the elegance of early Ctllifomia. 

Orange Tree Restaurant 
at the Milt Co., l.tI Jolla Village Squs-t .55-6064 

Opm Mon-Wtd 11 :30-7:30, Thurs & Fri 11 :30-8:00 
StIt 11 :30-", Sun 12-. 

The Guardian 

Tired of Paying for 
Gas and Sbuggling 

. for Parking Spaces? 

We now have male and 
female on-campus housing 

spaces available for 
immediate occupancy in 
the Revelle donnitories. 

Sign up in the Housing 
Office, Building 206, 
. Warren Campus. Or, 

caO·452-4011. 

Monday, February 9, 1981 

Netters 
take two 
continued from page 10 

Gee found him elf on 
steadier grou,nd later in the 
set, winning more points on 
his volley than anything else. 
But he st ill had some trouble 
handling ' Rafael's intermit· 
tent smashes and low 
crosscourt shots . As tennis 
players will, Gee often chided 
himself quietly, with 
remarks like, "Come on, hi t 
the ball in t he court." 

The two number one seeds 
battled to a 6-6 tie which set 
up the tie-breaker. It was a 
well-played series of points, 
but Rafael got the best of Gee 
and the set, 7-6. 

The second set wa s 
another vigorous col)test of 
emotions as well as athletic 
prowess. Gee seemed to put 
the first set's loss out of his 
mind. He came out hustling. 
His passing shots were more 
effective than they had been 
in the first set and he went up 
on Rafael, 5-2. 

Then, Rafael broke Gee's 
serve and Everett appeared to 
be drifting in and out of 
concentration. He pulled 
together for the second tie-
breaker, however, and took 
the set 7·6. 

The third set was evenly 
played also, but Rafael took 
his one for his own, 7·5. 

The number one match 
characterized the nature of 
the whole match - all were 
close and we1l·played. But as 
coach Peter Davis said , ('we 
just didn 't pull out the close 
ones. We didn't win the 
important points." 

The results of the 
remaining singles match·up 
were: number two John 
Rosenberg (UCSD) beat 
Zafra, 7·5. 6-1 ; number 3 
Chisholm (USIU) edged Brad 
Driver 6·4,4·6,6·3; number 4 
Browning (USIU) defeated 
Brown 6-4, 7·6; number 5 
Wallace (USIU) took Jones 6-
3, 6-2; number 6 Kabellis 
(USIU) beat Newman 6-4, 6-3. 

Doubles went as f()llows: 
Rafael/Zafra (USIU) defeated 
GeelRosenbert 4·6, 7-5, 6-4; 
number two DriverlTaber 
(UCSD) beat Chi holml 
Browning 6-4, 6-0; number 3 
Wallace/ Kabellis (USIU) 
edged Brown;Jones 7-6, 6-7,7· 
5. 

Although they had 
expected a tough match , 
coach Davis felt that this loss 
was a good lesson for the 
team. "We needed this match 
to sharpen our competitive 
edge and to show the guys 
just what we need to work on 
before we get to some 
tougher teams." 

Sports 
Results 

T .... 1to 
Mea 

IISII11. II(Sli l 
II(St)~ . (SllrA I 
I I(; SJ) 6. " ... "'" :. 

Wun'M"n 
Ow_Ill i . II(SlI t 

............ 

Pnl l'.wm 7, ucsn .. 
..... k .. ' ... U 

W • .,.I •• ." ~. I I(SIJ til 
S ... I .. m ..... 

Mt'n lird fur third ". In 'Ill' Nt· .. " ... " hh San 
I ~ .... SIIH', Wltml'f1 ,Jlok','f1 thIrd am'lId III 
(lSII. jo.·k .. • Von f-tC""" "".hl .. " (, .. 
rtn,.If\IIII04ln 1tr',U'nor 

s.,·IM·ctulrd ' ;"".'K 
Tut',",.~ 

WU"WO', Ji,;1 "~l1 h .. 1I ' '' , 1'1 I.um •• Lutk"" " 
~I:"n C ~'n1 . ;\" .' 1J'1' 
~I\n ' .. n .... k.1hall \ .. L\ Ib"I''' ' l .,n, ..... ·. 
(i\m. , :;'IU,ln 

\\ , II1,t"fl · ... r t'"m" al \1, .... ' lull,.,.,,,·, :1:1111111' 
K:Kllmntun ill (!'<or I.lln~ ~"'t h . ';' H I IJln 

Monday, February 9,1981 Thl' GlIanlian 13 

Commentary/Rod Parker 

New- Wavers of the 80s 
a ~tage with millions of 
doll a rs of sophi s ti ca t eq 
equipm nt whining about 
what ever problem s the 
affluent endure. 

One would have hoped that 
social rea lism and a sense of 
responsibility would have to 
come to dominate much New 
Wave lyrical content . 
In tead, the bands receiving 
the most crit ical and popular 
acclaim either reiterate the 
boy meets girl t heme. or 
embody in ' their lyrics the 
mo s t hypocritic.al and 
react ionary feat ure of t hei r 
economic cla s. They talk of 
conquering alienation by 

packing ass or guzz ling 
sterno; of envy ing thos who 
possess mat rial weah h; of 
contempt for other ethnic 
groups and alien cu ltures; of 
kicking ass for shits and 
grins. and generally whine as 
much or more than Jackson 
Browne or Joe Walsh. If there 
is one thing art doe n't need, 
it is an ignorant hrike 
WHINING. 

BY ROD PARKER 
Much new music being 

released in the '80s suffers 
from the same '60s British 
Invasion confu ion which 
resulted when the Beatles 
legally overthrew t he popular 
music system here. In their 
haste to sign acts in the New 
Wave genre, many record 
companies simpl y do not 
have artist and repertoire 
men who ' are sufficiently 
fami liar with this "sound" to 
make informed evaluations 
of the lJlyriad of groups on the 
scene: and in their haste have 
referred to the '60s music as a 
reference point. 

Consequently, New Wave 
has become a good tax write-
off for record companies, and 
the turn·over rate for signed 
artists is high . 'While 
companies arewilling to sign, 
they are reticent to promote, 
given t heir many mistakes-
New Wa\ie flops. 

Further complicating the 
situation is a phenomenon 
resembling a "New Da-
daism" which I am not 
altogether certain is in the 
best interests eit her of "art" 
or music itself; that is, the 
utilization of the record 
medium by non-musician 
artists as a vehicle for the 
expression of their art. 
Talking Heads, Adam and 
the Ants, the Cramps and 
other relative newcomers to 
the music business are the 
first examples that come to 
mind. 

This confuses the A&R 
man ' further, because the 

musical proficiency of these 
groups is equivalent to their 
punk predecessors, whose 
performances are usually 
rendered to t he be ·t of t hei r 
limited abilities as musi-
cians, rather than being the 
attempt s of non-musicians 
telling t he audience to 
provide t heir own theories to 
explain the "art" being 
perceived. 

Let me qualify my use of 
the term "art" before I di ve ·t 
myself of all credibility. My 
opinion is that all is fair in 
art. With the tremendou 
quantity of bogus conceptual 
art receiving critical (but not 
popular) acclaim, art has 
become ' not the domain of 
aesthetic appreciation, but 
rather the realm of the 
practical joke. When the 
literary intelligentia flock s to 
the record s tore, they 
purchase a locally recorded 
si ngle capturing the subtle 
nuance of the performance 
of an internationally 
acclaimed arti t vomiting for 
3:]8, packaged in an 
attractive leeve with actual 
vomit from the recording 
sess ion smeared all over it. 

It wou ld be helpful ~o 
a cribe some meaning·to this 
mess via the proclamation of 
a manifesto of sorts, a 
occurs in every other art 

. movement, toelucidate, if not 
define the objectives. 
Perhaps this hasn't been 
done as an exten ion of the 
practical joke. Chaos rei~n . 
Entropic-satanism prevaJ Is. 

This <X)Qfusion is detri· 

Chinese Language and 
ClCS orrns. . Cultural Studies 
Rril50llabJe expcllses and travel. 
Concentrated study in Taiwan. 

~xtcnslve COUI'5t l!.sllng. 
rull University Credit. 
tnll'y Dilies: 4/J.6/ 12; 6/ IH/4: 9/2H2/18. 
rlnt Quarter : Tuilion $780; Mousing $200. 

AC(trn"G AffUCATIMS fOR AU. QUARl[RS. 
For he ,a.plliet and l.fonutJo.: 
Chinese Language and CultullIl Studl6 
P.O. IIox 15563. Long lkach. CA 9081 S 
T~ (2U) S9H361 

FREE! 

...------ 2 showings; ----, 
7 & 9 pm, USB 2722 

Thursday, February 12 

sponsored by: UCSD Snow Ski Club, 
L--__ and the ASUCSD -----' 

mental to the music bus iness 
from th e mu s ician' s 
pers pe t ive as " ·ell . Having 
sp nt a rea . onably good 
port ion of t heir li ves 
pract icing t heir trade, 
keeping an eye on trends in 
music. they have now found 
it impossible to predict what 
wi ll sell - t heir paradigm 
has been hat teredo It was 
once po 'sible to say, "Well, 
there isn't much happening 
wit h San Francisco music, 
let 's try somet hing along 
those lines and do some 
demos." 

Now, however. there i ' no 
telling what's selling. The 
neophyte recording artist is 
pretty much assured of 'doing 
whatever he plea ses, 
inasmuch as once he 's 
signed, a bewildered record 
company isn't likel y to 
intervene. While thi ' mean 
a certain degree of uncer· 
tainty a to the commercial 
succe s of the venture, I 
wou ld applaud the evolution 
of a music industry which 
tacitly (or rather. helplessly) 
condones total artistic 
freedom of exploration 
without penalization. And 
thi new freedom finally 
accomplishes what the punk 
movement began - the 
aboliton of economic and 
(ostensi bly) status dispari-
ties between the performer 
and the audience. 

The indigent performing 
for the indigent with better 
reciprocity of perspective 
than can be achieved by a 

multi·milli~ai~ standinglon 

"SKETCH -MASTER" 

Presentation Cases 
Complet. with 10 K.lllt. aheel proteclora 

NUMBER 
'PZ1109 

"PZ1411 
PZ1714 
PZ2217 
PZ2418 

CASE SIZE 
l1x13" 
13x16" 
~x19" 
191124" . 
2Ox2S" 

SHEET 
9xll " 

llx14" 
14x17" 
17x22" 
18x24" 

REG. 
$18 .95 
24.95 
34.95 
44.95 
49.95 

SALE 
$13.27 

17.47 
24.47 
31.47 
34.97 

'No handle "Also available in Blown. Grey. Blue and Ginger 

Fortllnately, lack of 
sufficient capItal to tour 
(where the real money is) has 
kept most of the e groups' 
local, hence re latively 
unknown. Without national 

please turn to page 14 

Zipper Portfolios 
NUMBER 
ZP1801 
ZP2201 . 
ZP2601 
ZI>3101 
ZP3701 
ZP4201 
ZP2203 
ZP2603 
ZP3103 
ZP3703 
ZP4203 

SIZE 
14x18xl " 
17x22.1 " 
20x26xl " 
23x31xl " 
25x37.1 " 
31x42xl " 
17x22x3" 
20.26.3 " 
23x31 x3" 
25x37.3" 
31x42.3" 

REG. 
$12.95 

15.95 
19.95 
21 .95 
24.95 
33.95 
19.95 
23.95 
26.95 
30.95 
39.95 

SALE ENDS 2/21111 . 

SALE 
$ 9.07 

11.17 
13.97 
15.37 
17.U 
23.n 
13.97 
IS.n 
18.87 
21 .S7 
27.97 

NOT SUBJECT TO STOCK ON HAND. 

The Fine Art Store 
8843 CLAIREMONT MESA BLVD., (714) 565-0646 
4683 CASS ST, PACIFIC BEACH, (714) 483-3170 



.. 

14 The Guardian Monday, February 9,1981 

continued from page 13 
exposure, however, the haIr-
life of a recording group's 
contract is about one record. 
This attrition rate, of course, 
keeps the groups hustling, 
and is good from a free-
market standpoint. but 
encourages the same 
Madison Avenue shenani-
gans and publicity gimmicks 
that the punk movement 
professed to despise. 
Additionally this localization 
engenders a following rather 
than eliciting an audience, 
which defalcates the ' 
universal communicability 
which art is supposed to 
possess. 

No sympathy for devils 
di s h eve led mora ss o f 
imitat ive '6(h; music and 
avant -garde tom· foolery . I 
would endorse " The Entropir 
S atani s l Mo \'e m e n t ," 
inasmuch as the current 
stat e of pop consists of a 
di sorder ed. un c r ea ti ve, 
egocentric, des tru ct ive and 
essentially evil philosophy 
which addresses it self 
lyrically to the gral ificat ion 
of the sensual , sy baritic and 
libidinal, the glorification of 
hate and destruction without 
reconstru ction , and the 
denial of morality. all of it 
painful to lis ten to , or 
derivative at best. 

With the coming of the 
New Wave sound, the 
apparant likening to the 
British Invasion both in the 

. appellation and music 
became a fad . Most of the 
p.-actitioners · of this type of 

,music were disillusioned art 
rockers , hard· rockers and 
rock 'n rollers who were 
either unwilling or unable to 
produce a commercially 
marketable so·und. A 
common lie circulating in the 
press is that most of these 
people felt this ty~ of music 
enabled them to • get back to 
their roots - Little Anthony, 
Chuck Berry, and Sam and 
Dave, without sacrificing 
their "art" by sellin~out; this 
is p.-eposterous, gIVen that 
during the career peaks of 
most progenitors of today's 
rock form. such adulating 
charlatans were still being 
weaned. 

What they actually mean is 
that they are 'getting back to . 
their roots - the 8eatles, the 
Mersey Beat, the Dave Clark 
Five' - those groups which 
emulated the R&B sound of 
the black performers. Elvis, 

Buddy Holly, etc. 
With respect to the 

imitative quality of this 
"new" Wave, r will not dwell 
on Aristotilian arguments 
whereby he attempted to 
draw the defining line . 
between art and imitation, 
since he never succeeded to 
my satisfaction. Let it suffice 
to say that most bands 
operating in t his genre sound 
like they listened to: 

1. Sir Douglas Quintet's 
organ tone 

2. Dick Dale's guitar 
3. Ringo Starr's ride 

cymbal 
4. The Beatles' "All My, 

Lovin" and "She Loves You' . 
They've copied them all 

and, in conjunction with 
enrolling in a "Survey of '60s 
Music" · course, composed 
selections by gleaning from 
their favorite hit s the 
appropriate bridge, hook, 
chorus and three-part 
harmony combining them 
into a pastiche of music 
which reminds me of the 
Rutles' album in that every 
selection is a patchwork quilt 
of Beatles phrasings. 

This is good for nostalgic 
value, but otherwise makes 
me puke and should at 'Ieast 
make you belch once or twice. 
And what absolutely affronts 
the creative musician is· 
when bands like the Tourists 
or Romantic:; Lake a standard 
rhythym and blues progres-
sion (such as the Bmtles' 
"This Boy") and spend an 
inordinate amount of time 
overdubbing incongrous 
sounds over t~ familiar 
(read: hackneyed) structure 

Come to the 

T.G.I.F. 

This Friday 
February 13" 

ON THE HUMP 

Featuring: 

in order to appear avant-
gar de without considering 
that the basic song structure 
could and should evolve 
substantially. 

That evolutional capability 
of rock explains why the 
British Invasion succeeded in 
restructuring popular mus ic. 
It was a synthesis of rhythm 
and blu~ with rock 'n roll, 
and it worked nicely. Clean· 
cut white boys were singing 
ithose tender, innocent lyrics 

instead of that nasI y hi \J S 
man Lightnin ' Hopkin s 
singing about his ..... s tick of 
candy, 'bout ten ·i nches 
long," which he has, no 
dou bt, considered for ce-
feeding to some of these 
interlopers who perverted his 
art and turned it into a 
billion-dollar business. 

'It i s time for ' the 
declaration of an art form to 
this randomlv evolving, 

Takemitsu here 
Around Town 

Toru Takemitsu , 
internat ionally respected 
Asian composer, will be 
Regents Lecturer in 
residence at . the UCSD 
Music Department, Feb. 9-
March 3, 1981. His work is 
known not only through 
his more than 80 film 
scores for directors of 
Kurosawa's stature, but 
from dozens of recordings 
and scores, issued by 
distinguished publishers 
in Europe, America and 
Japan. A poet with 
language as well as with 
musical sound, Takemitsu 
is also an explorer of the 
unique traditions of his 
own land as well as our 
common future. 

Tuesday, Feb. 10, at 8 
pm, Toru Takemitsu will 
discuss two films to be 

shbwn , Ballad of . Orin . 
directed by Shinoda and 
WOmatl in the Dunes 
directed by Teshigahara. in 
Mandeville Auditorium. 
Ballad of Oritl is a 
haunting sotry of a 
sensuous, rebcllious, blind 
singer who breaks the vow 
of chastity in her 
sister hood of blind 
musicians, and is re-
deemed by the love of a 
protective wanderer. 
WOm(lH in the DUlle5, 
which represents the most 
significant trend in 
Japanese film making, is a 
haunting"allegory probing 
fundamental questions of 
existence and the meaning 
of freedom. 

••• 
The New Poetry Series 

will have Laura Chester, 

Toru Takemitsu 

founder of the first 
anthology of women's 
poetry, Wed. Feb. 11,4 pm 
in the Revelle Formal 

- Lounge. Free. 452-6766. 
••• 

Max Reinhardt's film of A 
Midsummer Night's 
Dream will be shown 
Tuesday, Feb. 10, at 7 pm 
in TLH 107. 

Adventures in Researcb 
Lecture Series 

rind out about some of the fascinating research going 
on right here at tJCSO in a series of noon lectures geared 
to a general audience. Questions and discussion will be 

encouraged."this week's presentation: 

Bud Smithey. Senior Research Associate, Scripps 
Institution of Oceanography, will speak on: 

"Deep Ocean Hot 
Springs: an Oasis 

of Ute" 
Wednesday, february 11 

NOON 
Conference Room lilA 

Free Refreshments ' & 
Live Band 

Sponsored by the Council of Provosts, 
Third College and the 

Public Information Office 

... 

3:30 pm - be therel 
Staff, S~udents and faculty 

Welcome! 

Monday,February9, 1981 

Classifieds 
continued from page 7 
KSDT general start rneetll1g Wed . 2}11 at 6 pm 
In the KSDT studIOS In the Irore of the student 
cen:'r (2/ 9) 
Hey youlll Yes YoolII Come to the open lOOJm 
ler Warren third IMl<id students and all 
Interested Wed , Feb 11, 6 30 pm In the Warren 
apt. rec center See you there

' 
(2/9) 
~nd a """""r-gram With your Valentlne's o"y 
message Feb 9-12 O'l the plaza (2/9) 
ErMrorvnental Intern Program ilep"esentdtlon 
Will speak on every aspect 01 the program Free 
II you can't affcrd a red heM full 01 candy, gIVe 
that SPeCial someone a red spot reccrd Irom 
Assorted' VlnyI c1n sale Thursday and Fndl!y. 
only S599 (2/9) • 
Ever have that sudden urge to slip away 
unnoticed dunng Chemistry class' Now you 
canl Come to a wot1<shop In AStral Travel and 
learn ' low level Hl'ng ' In HL 1438. Tuesday. 7 30 
pm (2/ 9) 
Introduce yourself With a Valentine ''''''''''r. 
deU""'ed Feb 9·12 on the Plaza (9l ?) 
ErMroM1ental Intern Program Representation 
Will speak on every aspect 01 the program. Free 
12·1 Revelle FormalLO<Ilge (2/ 9) 
VoQPe, my arrows are ready and I'llooldcryou 
at the dl!nce on Fndl!y the 13th Buy your ticket 
at the Th.d Collese Dean's office roN. Cupid 
(TCPS). (2/9) 
I'll be your $8.98 Valentine - fer only SS.99 -
!It AS Sorted Vinyl Feb 11 ·13. Blondie. (2/ 9) 
Lucy, see ~u $ the rendUllOUS Valenunes 
Dance at the Hotel SIIn 0"'90. Fri. 13. 9 pm 
Char1le B. r. h (2}9) 
Jane, I hope the fto>M:r shows that I'm ape OIer 
you. Galatheil dellVersl Lcm, T.vzan (2/9) 
Third College "Rendezllous of Valentines" 

~mi·Fcrmal Dance fn Feb. 13 at San Dleso 
Hotel. 9 pm. T.Ckets S6 aft~ 2}6 at the Res.dent 
Dean's offICe. RH (2}12) 
V.D sale ill Assorted Vinyl . Come and get cured 
er get naked all you buns!! (2/9) 
Thlld Colleg< stOdents .nterested in broomball 
SIgn up in Res Dean office ()(·~ome to Res hall 
Tuesday. Feb. 10 at 1>30 in ,Mountain V,fM/ 
loonge. (2/12) 
Third Studentsl Be (lJre not to m.ss the ~m. 
Formal Valentines Donee. Friday tho: 13ih. 

nc~ts are on sale I!! the Dean's and Re~ Dean's 
offrces, Corne SIngle er as a pair. We'lI h_ a 

bJas~1 (2/12) . 
Neds - exchange those: pocket cakulatcrs ler 
Rt:velle ~mi·FormaI bc~ts. On sale nt:NV.n the 
bOc office (2}9) 
l<iss Ma Bell goodbye. C.II lore d.stance fo< 19 
of Bell's a~ea<tt d.scount lilies. Fa brochure 
call 296-3389. (2/9) 
ChemIStry Student Mll<rs has mcmd tothe first 
lloor of Urey Hall. Our new phone rumber .s x-
6870. (2/9) 
Hey. b'g SPender Take that Valent.ne 01 yours 
to "A Tooch 01 Class" ler only 25< AnoIher RP8 
presen000n ( 2/ 9) 
Hey. Valenune. ~ ~OI money on cards and 
roses. Get me an .Ibum at Assorted V.nyI 
Instead Sa98 Irst ( red dot) on sale for only 
S5991 Wed.·Fro. Feb 11-13. (2/ 12) 
Wanna get lreo rad.o? KSDT prov.des a un.QUf: 
oppotunty to CtIl)'Ofle Interested In muSIC. 
ne'\oV5, e:ntertamme~ or business. Come to the 
generall stlllf meet.ng Wednesday night at 6 In 
front of the student center. (2/9) 
Celebrate Bob PrIPP 'S b.rthday early at 
Assorted Vlnyl'S Valenbnes Day SIIle (2/1 1, 
2/ 13) (2}12) 
The next mig 01 the Undergraduate l.H19u,SllCS 
Assocrat'O'lWl ll beWeds feb 11 at lOam at Pl 
3342 We welCome support. We are tr,ira to 
get a SpeeCh Pam maJcr passed (2}9) 
Studies genlng you lJPI.ght? Nel'd to relelVe all 
that tenSIon? F.nd out how 0111 DIAl. 1!-.f0 If 
45'H636, and 'sIs fer 0peS P· l and P·9 (2/ 9) 

Prepare for: 

Want a Valentine? F.rd one at the Jrd COllege 
~""FcrlT\ill Dance, 2/ 13 9 pm RH (2/ 12) 
Can 'l l ind a parking place' Gewng 
rRUSTRA TED? rind oot hOw partong seMces 
really wOrks Cal, DIAl INfO at 452.4636, dna 
ask la tape 0·1 (2/ 9) 
Th.nk you're a 100000h cmNvelght' Want to 
SHAPE lJl? Call DIALlNFO. at 452·04636. and ask 
lor tape P·5 (2/9) 
Film Sun Valley" . 600 HI. 1438 (2/ 9) 
Krssed your "",eelie Iat.ly? Feeling .If? C.II DIAl 
INFO at 452·4636, and ask fo< tape M 19 (~/9) 
Not"e Get your reservat.on Icr Sun Valley All 
Cal Spnng CarnNal Sk. Cluo Meeling Monday 
2/9 Hl. 143B 6 00 (2/ 9) 
Sun Valley 51<1 tho: finest Sr1O'N.n the country 
FOf Info and rf:seNOttons cOf'T'Ie to Sno.v Ski 
Clue Meeting 600 Hl 1438 (2/ 9) 
Film . frev. to all Ski Club rnembers, Warren 
M.ller·s n£w f.lm ·W,m.r Fever" USB 2722 7 
and 9 pm. (2/ 9) 
Speech leam Meet'ra 10< all those In[erested.n 
pa"".pat'ra .n the UCSD Fcrensrcs (Debate) 
Soc.ery Tuesday at:'OO In the InlcrmalLoonge 
For more Info call 453·5289 (2/12) 
A1I)OU. SIngles'!" RendeNOUS oIValent.nes·· .s 
com.ng on F"day tile 13th 7·.ncn PS (2/12) 

personals 
To my Boob, My heart IS broken but we'lI 
!:lounce b<Kk together at the TC ~m.-Foonal . 
(2}12) 
Happy21st Brrthday Joe' Th,,* ~'d lorgotten? 
love T era, Wilt. DG. (2/9) 
Seymour. If ~u want the scoop on 
relatlonsh.ps 90 see Goodbye Columbus. l.ove. 
(your) Fam.e. (2/ 17) 
Mumbles, I warned ~uf To find out why see . 
Goodbye Coil.mbus. l.cm. Mom (2}17) 
Ikr..... Don'[ say goodbye • Columbus IS 
com'ra Sunday, Feb. 22 I!! 7 & 9:30 pm. in TLH 
107. Seymour. (2/17) 
JHarne, You beaut.ful Image. From 100 feet I 
spot you, only your b<K~ golden hall 
brightened IikL a I'<Ilo.n the morning sun. How 
is .[ that I can kroN you w/o se6ra )'OU" face 
Yet, )'Ol!" ~ IS as _" mo. . ...." !O me ~ my 
own identity. (2/9) 
Kathle.n, )OU _re 1000ds of fun last ~rday OIgh!. 
Sure hope ROSt!' doesn 't find 001. Tyfer (2/9) 
Ellen (Argo 3) ~ Icnow your gUilty secret. and 
your Ekjay WIll not pass withcu us.,,(2}9) • 
Paul Who? Th£ S"IS In Golathe<! 200. (2}9) 
DiM Lee . Well he", it 'S. Hope)OU.leet bener. 
See yooal the Rendez·'JOUsrnth. Blue Room on 
the 13th. Scon (2/9) 
Bumuntersl Che~k oot the Valent.ne·s sale at 
Assorted VirTy1 or set nilked! (2/9) 
Roses lIIe r",d, Carr,,'''ons are white. Buy your 
"'end a lIovver. 'cause the time,s "sht Galathe<! 
flower Sale . ilellelle Plaza Men-Tl'<Jrs 1O,(J(). 
200 We delMer. (2/9) 
VlClor Sponen • . DId ~u know there .s a sale at 
Vinyl Reccrds thiS ~ek? Meet ~u there and 
wear you .'!I1e sweaterl Jamead (219 ) 

hou~lng 
Non·smok'ng roommate needed to share apt 
Wllh doctaal student. Ownrcom, bath Ocean. 
1i1O!W Close to beacbes, shoppra S170 plus 
util. Sherry 273·5266 er 452·3220. (2/ 19) 

~mm&' wanted. 0Nn beoroom and 
bathroom Walk to UCSO. washer. dryer, 
)<lCUZZ'. fi replace. sl<yt.ghts W10/month 455 
5685 (2/ 12) 
Desperate' r~d r()()lT'Wlte. Imme:dlclldy to 
OCcupy Del Ma< C>Jplex on ptCturesque Coast 
BI'Jd Rem IlegOf - rea5Oni!ble CallLym 75S 
3287 (2/ 9) 

Roommates wanted Icr huge luxunoos bays,de 
house .n PB n , tto Glta"""an S 19(J.215 SIngle, 
BOO doutlle 270·4454 (2/9) 
Ope,,,,'9( s) .n Del Milr Duplex HIli June 18 
SlIlO/mo R'ght near oeactt.-Many extras 48 1· 
0223 lor details anytime. esp 5· 7 pm Ask fo< 
Catny (2}12) 
female Roommate WQnted s.ngle,oom.n 
beautiful, lully lu,",shed home O'l W.ndansea 
Beach SI60/ mo 4S4-2QS2 ( 2/ 12) 

for sale 
Honda 1978' ex 500 Motcrcycle. 3.600 m.les. 
,Int 3 pr sk. pants. sk, bootS. surfboards Call 
270·4266. (2/ 9) 
for sale portable typewnter H5, bod< 
TechnICal Aspects of Datd Communlc.atlons" 

RlCha.d 453·6325 (2}12) 
7 swallow ta.l ..... nger Great lor WInter surf ~BO, 
neg 272·2830 (2/ 9) 
4 new t"es, (155 • 12) BIOS Ply ler Honda car 
(200 miles old) ~ 100 00. call pm. Cann 453 
4469 (2/9) . 
Get )OUrself In shape If you have been th.nk,ng 
of 10"'1'13 any spa. health Club. "tnesscenter, 01 
racqueroall Clue, call me I"st I can PlOOaOIy 
save you some money on your rnembershlp 
Steve. 459·1694 (2/9) 
69 Flreblrd Very clean, runs g,eat Best orter 
272·6015 (2/ 17) 
10 spe.d b,ke Astra TOOf-de·France As.s S50 
0< best offer Call 453·2711 . TaJ< ..... th Dave 
(2/ 12) 
n SB calCulator. 490 step. 00 memo"es S55, 
Jim 453-7697. (2}12) 

Suzu~ F2·50. S375. Outstand.ng mcJ(cr scOOler 
only 7 montlls new. Tuned lWICe. No mlX'ng 01 
gas and orl Climbs h,lIs WIth ea~ Call Sven Icr 
.nlo 00 mcr• benel" ... 1 features ~"'P trytng 
.55·5906. (2/ 9) 

services 
Typ'ra . Reasonable, fast. accurate 6992 
COff>IOo/ Q. 27B-6015. (2/5) • 
Alto Repall . Tune Ups Reasonable rates. 
GJaranteed · Micl'<lel 4$6-1879 (2}1 2) 
UNWANTED HAIR re"""",d permar\erely near 
campus. lJI Jolla V.llage Prof.sslonal C.nter. 
8950 V.,1a La Jolla DrIVe. Su.te 1160-(, call fcr 
appt 453·7040. (6/4) 
TYpira, filst, accural£, reasonable. Call Jane 
days .52·42 .... Eves. 75:1-3766. (~!7J 
GJ.w, bass, flute lessons Intro lesson only k 
268'()523 
Typira • Reasonable rates. Close to campus 
Exp. 10 all Univ.!!!!quiremen(s. 271 ·0383 (2/12) 
Jenny's, home typtra Term papers, ~s. 
diS§.. aOO rush jObs. 225-,..9 (6/ . ) 
Top Drawer typ.ng serv"e. pape". resumes 
manuscripts. st«1ent rate. 481-6708. (2/5) 
I'd like to dQJypI~thome. JlIease call alter 7 
pm 438-1774, Cartsbad. (2}5) 
D.ng repa.r. Reliable and affordable We'lI put 
)'OU" back .n the surf. DaD D.ng RePOll. 272· 
2830. (2/ 12) 
Eve..,.,ne ,n~.sted .n radoo IS IrMted to KSDT 
ler • gereral start meeung thiS Wednesday. 6 
pm .n the front of the stUdent center Corne Set 
.n'JOlved .n your radIO stat.on (2/ 9) 
Typ.ng· IBM/Rush Jobs term papers. theses, 
dlSsertat.ons. 453·cx,56 (J/12) 
Typ'ng/ Edltlng Professional Quality IBM 
Cooest.ng Selectr" Call Jody 0< leave message 
274·5914. (3/ 2) 

travel 
CIEE Student Tr"",,1 open M·F B 30- 12 30& 1 30-
4 30 .n the Student Center (lEt offers budSet 
lI.ghl'i, ont'l student 10 cards, ra,'passes, tou". 
books .nsOlance, wot1< and study p'ograms. 
and much cre. Phone 452·cx,30 (6/5) 

IYICAT. OAT • LSAT • GIYIAT 
GRE.GRE'PSYCH.GRE BIO , 
PCAl.OCAT.UAT.IYIAT.SAT 
"IYIB I. II. m .. ECFIYIG. FLEX. VDE 
NDB I.n.NPB I·NLE 
Flexible Programs & Hours Join our classes now 

to prepare for 
~--------exams---------J 

For information about t~ other centers In more 
than 80 majOr U.S. oti~ and abroad .. 

~~ 
·MPlAN 

EDUCATIONAL CENTER 
TfS T PR(PAAA TlON 

SP(CIAlISTS SINC( 1938 Can toll free: 
800-223-1782 2180 Gamet, Pacific Beach 

TUNG YAH 
"Elegance of the Orient" 

Ancient and Contempor~ 
Asian Arts 

7459 GRId AftIIUC 
... Jot ... PhoM 456-0455 

JAPANESE 
NANGA 

end 
ZENGA 

15 

,...--- CALLiGRAPHY-~ 
Show February 10-21 

Tuesday thru Saturday, 
10 am to 5 pm 

(Next to the Pannikin) 

son 
CONTACT LENSES 

Special offer: 

$150 
inclu~s: 

soft lenses - care kit 
Plano sunglasses 

follow up care 
and examination 

Robert .M. Heller, 0 .0 . 
La Jolla Village Square ·M.ali 
Lower Level . 
452-7374 

IIIuIch & Lomb 
sofie .. end 

IUpplles .val...,.. 

IS MEDICINE MORE 
THAN SCIENCE? 

I Come hear about the program 
that thinks so -

General MeetIng for Freshmen 

Haith Profalions P,osrem 
Thursday, February 12th 

4-5 pm 
Revelle Formal . Lounge 



16 

DOONESBUAY 

Oceans, 
animals 
A day-long symposium on 

how fish and other marine 
animals sense their ocean 
environment will be held 
Saturday, Feb, 21 , at Scripps 
Institute. 

The symposium, s pon-
sored by the Scripps 
Aquarium-Museum, will be 
held from 9 am to 5 pm at 
Sumner Auditorium. 

Classifieds 
cont inucd from paJ(c 15 

Earn up to S5OO"per 100 mailing our ctrculars 
For Information Mercury Enterprise Dept 555, 
511 llallard Dr, Richmond, Kentucky 40475 
(2/9) 
One coordinator tor tile AsSOCiated Internship 
Office Sacramento Program Please contact 
Keith Niesen ill x4689 (~/' 7) 

Wanted Bums to partiCipate In .condo-
bondage For Info come to Snow SIo Club 
meeting 2/9 HL 1-438 600 (2/9) 
H·P 55 Calculator owne~! I am Interested In 
purChaSing one for reasonable prICe 755·3201 
(2/9) 

The Guardian 

by Garry Trudeau 

Club Mediterranean, Sailing Expedltionsl 
Needed SportS Instructors, Ofhce Personnel, 
Counselors Europe, Carribean, Worldw~del 
Summer <4eer Send S595 & Sl handling for 
Application , Openings, GUide to 
CRLNSEIItORLD, 205, Box 60129, Sacramento, 
CA 95860 (2/12) 
Summer Rafting Jobsl Sl ,2OO · S3,6OO! Training 
prO\ilcledl Grand CarT)'Ol1, HawaII, Alnea Send 
56 95 for ~ppltcatlon: Irtormatlon, guide to 
Whitewater (plus free Job gUldetoLa~ Tahoe, 
CA) 205, Box 60129, Sacramento, CA 95860 
(2/12) 
Normal healthy VOlunteers needed for several 
studies ~t UniverSity HosPIr,,1. fIIIonetary 
compensation provided For further Info -
contact Diane Stone at 294·6837 (2/9) 
Interesting IMJrI< Needed 2 male drama 
students for occaSional message delivery 
service Please call ( 714) 485-5827 for more 
Information (2/ 17) 

c~nouncing the Sun vall~ 
. Spring ·All-Cel 

. . 

~ --.. - ---. ------

RadicallY Inclined Snow Ski Club Medlng 
Sun Valley Movie 

All Cal trip information RElEASED! 
Reservations slips will be given to paid members 

at the door for the Sun Valley trip. 
Monday, February 9, 6 pm, HL 1438 

Club membership available during Snow Ski Office hours 
Mon, Wed, Fri 1-2 pm, Rec Gym Office 20, $1.75 

Monday, February 9,1981 

OASIS 
Sf:COND STORY 

Reading, Study Skills and Writing Programs 
WIIITIt,IG CDfTEIt-----------------, 

One-on-one writing conferences available by appointment I 
Pre·writing help, conferences on drafts, and editing advice. I 
Evening hours avai lable at Third Place, Third Colfege Dining I 
Commons 102. I 

REVELLE HUMANITIES A.SSIGMMEHT 
IRAlHSlORM SESSIONS 

Preparation for writing directed at your particular 
assignment Sessions meet in USB 4070 every week at the 

. same time. No appointment necessary, just drop in. 
Amaon, Mon 9-9:50 am 
Jackson, Mon 10-10:50 am 
Wlcrlchln, Wed 10-10:50 am 
MouMmmcr, Wed 4-4:50 pm 

A phone-in seMce for help with diction, grammar and 
punctuation problems. 4SHtI4. 

STUDY. SKJUS - ONE SHOT SEMINARS 
Feb 9-20: Reducing Test Anxiety 
Feb 23-27: How to Study for Finals 
Mar 2·6: Textbook and Lecture Notetaking 
Mar 9-13: How to Study for Finals (repeat) 
Mar 16-20: Reducing Test Anxiety (repeat) 

Videotape presentations shown e-Iery hour on the hour 
between 10 am and 3 pm, Monday thru Friday in USB 4010. 
IndiVidual instruction available by appointment Other 
presentations include "Time Management" and "Test Taking." 

READING SKILLS 
Individual instruction available for imprOVing current reading 

skills or learning new skills. ApPOintment necessary. 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

~ 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

-------------------------~ 
OffIce hours: Monday thru Friday, 

8:00 am to 4:00 pm. Call 452-H84 for 
appointment or more information. 

Galifomia ~em School of Law 
FOUNDED 1924 

Acaedlted by the American Bar Association and a member of the 
Ama'ican Association of Law Schools 
~plic!ltions for Fall of 1981 are still being accepted. While the majority 
of our students come from across America, this year \oW: are making a 
special attempt to make room for ALl qualilled California students. 

Call or write today for your brochure and application form: 
Adlftluionl Allilunt 

350 ec<* St,. (114) 139-0391, SO, CA 91101 

UCSD has a · 
DENT AL GROUP 

at the 'Student Health Center. 
with Student Rates! 
~---------~edo--------~ 

EXAMINATIONS 
and . 

DENTAL WORK 
artd Hygienists are . 

available for cleaning teeth 

MONDA Y thru FRIDA Y 
8:00 am to 4:00 pm 
phone: 452'2080 

,We can do ,work for spouses, too! . 

How long has it been since you've seen a 
DENTIST! 


