
The UCSD Guardia 
nivers ity of Ca lifornia, an Diego/ Volume 44, Numb r 10 / Monday, October 19, 1981 

Academia with a foreign flavor 
BY PEGGY IVE 

• laff Writer 

"The University of California through the Education Abroad Program offers 
UC students the unique opportunity tostudy abroad whileearningUC credit.... " 

Does this sound fanta'>tic? If so, then listen to thi .... 
" If you qualify for the program, you may study in oneof 46 host inst itutions in 

23 countries including locations in A 'ia , Aus tralia , the Britis h Is les, East and 
West Africa , Europe, Latin America and the Middle East. " 

What s tudent would not want to take advantage of such an opportunity? More 
probably would if they realized that you don't have to be rich to travel abroad 
(although it certainly helps!). 

The cost of studying abroad " is often comparable to the cost of s tudying on a 
UC campus," say program administrators. "The .only additional costs directly 
related to the Program are for round-trip transportation and vacation, travel, and 
personal expenses." they state. 

And 'ince student · maintain regular UC student status w hile ·tudying 
abroad, the full range of financial aid is available to them. 

The EAP Program at UCSD is managed by the coordinator of the International 
Center. Hannelore Malone. Students who have studied abroad in previous years, 
say that both Hannelore and the admini ·tration were "very helpful " in 
arranging their study programs. 

The advantages of s t udying abroad are man y. A s tudent can experience a 
completely different academic a nd cu lt ura l environment. whi le s till making 
progress toward a UC degree, become flu ent in anot her languag ,develop 'kill s 
which may open new avenu es for mployment, gain insights into, and 
appre iat ion for the cu It ures and inst itut ions of ot her peoples. and gain personal 
maturity. an 'ense of independence. self-knowledge and confidence. 

eventy UC D stud nts took advantage of the Education Abroad Program last 
year. They were part of a group of 650 students from t he entire UC system who 

= 

.. tudied in foreign univer ' ities during the 19 0- I 'chool year. 
Gregg Adams, Terry Coate, Groff Bittner. IIdy Bornemisza. Bill Clabby and 

Aileen Chain were six of the ·tudent · from the UC D who ·tudied more than 
1.000 mile ' from home. Each of them reaffirmed the positive a . peets of education 
abroad. 
Cheer! 

Gregg Adams said he chose the United Kingdom/ I reland Program for "two real 
reasons: to get out cf a transient society, and to te t by hypothesis that you can 
get through school by being 'sozzled ' (inebriated)." 

At the University of Saint Andrews in Scotland Adam ' got to experience living 
in a less tran ' ient society and also got the chance to test hi ' hypothe'i . at a 
do.wntown pub where he worked for about four months. "That i' why I don't 
remember a whole lot abou t my trip' " he said laughing. 

" I went over with the idea that it was a finite experience. I had todoeverything 
I possibly could," he added . 

Although Adam ' completed his science course' at the top of hi ' cla.s at the 
university. he conveyed the impres ' ion that most of hi .. knowledge was gained in 
the social 'ciences and t he culture of cot land. 

"I knew the workload wa 'n't going to be that bad ... nothlOg IS comparable to 
UC D," he said. 

However, Adams mentioned that he had made 'everal friends during the 
course of his ·tudies. tudentsgetlogether after!--chool in the pubs. he aid. and 
they were "very amiable." 

The 20-year·old Adams will remember two important experiences: his four 
months of working in the pub. which he -lalm:-. taught him a lot about the 
cu lture. and the opportunity to comp te in the World CompetitIon Debate 

plca!'ol' turn to pall<' 5 

Inside: • Theat r fund donated et r ord • Wat r polo • Ian Hunt r h re • bo ott di cu .. d 



2 

The UCSD Guardian 

Opinion 
C'II.,iKIII'd ('(Iil()rillis rl'/lI'( 'SI' IIIII/( ' o/lillilill.' i!flltc I'Ililorilll /If/llrll ()J 1111' 

I 'cs f) (;1/11 I'd ill II . Tlte ell iloriallllJlI /1I i., 1" '11'1' .lIorll ' 11-'1' II, NIIII/ir /I ill II lid 
I.iSll -lI lIil'llIl . ,-I/II1Ii11'1' II 1'1 Ilk' 1>11 II,i.\ /!iIKI ' 111'1 ' " IJ"'~\ ' 1111 /J"iliilllll~/IIII' 
/(' I' i ll'l'. 111/11 dlll/flllIl 'I't's,'"ri~\' rl'/l I'l'.<t' 1I1111l l'il 'If" III TIll' I 'CSf) (;III/rd ill ll . 
ils {,tlil()ril/ illilurti. or il.\ IIdl'l'rlisl'l's. 

What's happening 
in the AS Council 

You might be wondering what your Associated 
tudenls Council has been doing for you lately. Two 

of their more recent decisions de 'ervc our attention . 
First of all. AS Pre 'ident Jules Bagn ri ' has 

proposed a schedule of stipends for AS officers 
totaling over $14,000 per year. Each of the AS Council 
member ', including college representatives, would be 
paid a gross monthly amount in return for a 
commitment to holding office hours and performing 
specific dutie ·. Bagneris feel s such a stipend is 
nece: 'ary in order to maintain a high level of 
respon 'ibility among council members, or to ensure 
that financially di sadvantaged students may not be 
discouraged from seeking A office. 

The baSIC concept of an AS stipend sounds good on 
its face. But this proposal must be examined more 
closely. The A ha ' set up a ta 'k force to draft a final 
"ersion of the stipend propo 'al for introduction at 
Wedne 'day's A meeting. 

We hope that the task force keeps a number of 
points in mind: fir ·t, whatever the stipend proposal , it 
must not take effect until May, 1982, i.e. when the 
new AS Council i ' seated. The rea:on for thi ' is 
obvious. With the present council so far along in its 
term , it would be ludicrous to try to implement a new 
'et of rules for council member ' now. 

Second, the amount of exp nditure on stipends 
must be cut from the original proposal. Spending a 
full 7 percent of the total AS budget on council 
'alari s \vould be a gross misallocat ion of funds. 
tudent referendums have shown that students want 

increased spending on programming and student 
organizat ions. To suddenly take nearly '15,000 out of 
t he budget wou Id b against the st udent interest. The 
stipends must be car fully rev iewed: a well Ihought -
out propo~al is necessary. 

The A also voted recent Iy to st age a Ix»), cot t of this 
Thursday's inaugurat ion of Chancellor Richard 
Atkinson. The ~tated reason for the bo\'cott i~ to 

regi~ter eli ' plea~urt' and anger o\'er the method by 
which Atktn~on wa~ selected in 19~O. The\' feel that 
Ihere \\a~ too much secrecy imohed in t'he ::>ea r'Ch 

proCt'~s. and that not enough st udent input \\as 
solicited for the decision. At Thursda\''s ceremon\', 
Hagneri", \\'ill address the ceremony \~ ' ilh a spe'ch 
announcing the Ix»),cot\ and explaining the reasons 
behind it. Afler that , somt' say t hat Bagn eri~ will call 
upon all student. present to depart the ceremony. 
before leaving himself. 

l ncategorically. the S boycott IS not in the 
interest of students on this campus. The whole 
purpose of the boyc()tt is to draw at tention 10 the 
"iew"i of the AS about the chancellor's search - to 
make a stalement. This \\'ill undoubtedly' happen . 
Media attending the e\'enl will report the boycott. 
The f~ ege nt s and guests attending the ceremony will 
b made well aware of t he displeasure O\'er t he search . . 
In the short run . the de,' ired affect will be achie\·ed. 

But " 'hat about the long run ' What can onl\' ari :-;c 
out of the boycott and speech is an increase in I he gap 
betwen s tudent s and administratIon. The 
admini~tration will probably tend to heed student s 

requ e~h less. not more. asa result of the incident. Bad 
feel i ngs wi 11 be en hanced on bot h sides. I sn' I thaI sorl 
of cu tting off the nos to spit e the face 

And who in the s\,s temwide administ rat ion will 
want I (J li ",t en to u~ the nexl time l rcs!) ha~ I () pick iI 
chancellor? 

The UCSDGuardian Monday, Octo ber 19. ]981 

Oliphant 

. -- ,. 

.. 

• 

.. "" , . 

Her e and Now 

Fighting for the right 
to play 'Space Invaders' 

The popularity of electronic 
video games has led many 
parents to think that their 
children are under the spell of 
extraterrestial powers. 

But paranoid parents may 
be in luck. This fall the 
Supreme Court has fooli shly 
agreed to consider whether the 
city of Mesquite. Texas , a 
Dallas suburb, can prohibit 
children under t he age of 17 

, from playing game s in 
electronic video centers 
without a parent or guardian 
nearby. 

Do Americans under 17 have 
a constitutional right to play 
coin-operated amusement 
machines on their own? 

Several years ago, Mes-
quite's City Council enacted a 
tough ordinance banning 
teenagers from electronic 
video parlors. Too many 
s tudent s, it said, were 
skipping school , squandering 
their lunch money, making too 
much noise and hanging 
around with "undesirables" at 
such arcades. 

"We had a lot of complaints 

The Bottom Line 

from parents that their 
children spent all of their 
lunch and allowance money at 
the game centers," said Eiland 
Archer. Me quite' s city 
attorney. 

"We also had complaints 
that dope tran fer and drug-
taking were occuring al 'ome 
of these places." 

One amusement center, 
Aladdin's Ca ' tle , asked the 
local US district court to 
overturn the ordinance 
because their bus iness was 
uffering. After the disl rict 

court upheld the local 
ordinance in 1977. Aladdin 's 
took the case to the 5t h Circuit 
Court of Appeals. 

Last fall the local court's 
decision was overturned. The 
5th Circuit Court claimed the 
ordinance violated the 14th 
Amendment and the rights of 
minors to associate. Now the 
case is before the Supreme 
Court. 

While the case has limped 
through the courts, hundreds 
of other municipalities have 
enacted s imilar legis lation. 

Some city councils said 
"teenagers were robbing 
town people to play video 
games." 

It' s hard to take such 
r es trictive ordinance s 
seriously. Video bans for teen s 
are a smoke 'creen created by 
uptight council members for 
fru strated parent s. Local laws , 
like Mes quite's, only 
antagonize 'keptical kids until 
they regard their local 
government with contempt. 

It's understandable that 
parents don 't want their 
children to waste their money, 
m iss school and han~ out with 
hoods. Who does?' But if 
schools weren't so dull, kids 
wouldn't find these electronic 
games so romantic. 

As com pared to the 
hamburger joints we used to 
frequent a teens, today's 
video arcades are like hotel 
lobbies. If they become havens 
for "undesirables," kid ' won ' t 
go to them. 

In fact , we've watched many 
ddults in three-piece suit · 

p(ca .. l · ti ll" , III I'aj,(c I 

Portrait of a terrorist 
By MICHAEL AHN 

What makes a bombIng, a hijacking. or an now , anyway, he is right. 
assassmation so effect ive is that It seems so avagery can take any form and whether or 
senseless. Always the question asked is, not we accept it does not change what it does. 
"Why?". and always there is never an answer The Americans had special forces of soldiers 
that ;;a tisfies or clar ifies. The t rrorist is the who were assigned to "eliminate" North 
most spooky view of man; he IS a machine with Vietnamese VIP's deep in enemy territory. The 
the Horror in him , something he unleashes on VIP;; would not be especially important , but 
innocents . and there is rea lly nothingwecan do just the fact tha t the S troops could penetrat e 
to prevent him from striking. Joseph Conrad deep insidt' "safe" ground would do incredible 
maintained that there is not hing more terrible thin~ to enemy morale. These men would end 
yet so simple as a man with noquatms about hi s up w iping out whole villages, right down to the 
actions. someone lacking any moralit y. And livestock. They knew that by being viciou ' Iy 
that is what a terrori;;t ~ is: on who utili~ es thorough , they would instill fea r deep int o the 
modern technical skills to murder with the heart s ot the enemy. The North Vietnamese 
direct savagery of one who unders tands and called these soldiers "The Terrible Ones, " and 
embra ces the fact that the inhum aness of hi s they were quite proud of that name. 
actions will make the world turn to him and hi ~ 
cause. 

That horror is somet hing. anyt hing that 
eclipses any law. commandment. or taboo. It is 
an ult imat e cause, for he will concious ly 
sacrifi c his life and I he lives of ot hers to draw 
allent ion to it. The Horror is t he monk burning 
himself to deat h on I h streets of aigon; the 
murder of Israeli at hi t es during the '72 

Iympics; the whirlwind quick d ath and a 
widening fear that it l'Ould happen again. And 
again ... 

And savagery is whal it' !, all about. In the 
world thill we know, one wilh safety and 
securit y. the lerrorist is the one that shakes u ;; 
and whis pers to those who worries aboul "uch 
things. " No on ' is ever safe any\\ here as long a .. 
I her arr tho~(' \\'ho folio\\' my CilU"l"" And for 

But it seeml-o that now. this year, this decade . 
the terrorist is becoming les . potenL Pe pIe are 
getting used to bombs and assassinations. It 
come ' to us over th news and we s hrug with 
the understanding that as long as there arc 
leaders . there will be as 'assinations. II is 
becoming (dare I say?) a fa t of life, just as we 
long ago came to accept t he in vitabilily of war. 
Ironi ca ll y, it is this indifference thai might lead 
to a decline in terrorism. After all. what good is 
a bombing it it goes on pag two instead of the 
fronl? What good is any terrorist act for the 
cause if no one pays at I ent ion . not like they used 
til? Indeed . our growing civilized indifference 
may lead to I he 'nd of the man wit h th bomb. 
bUI it probably \\,on't nch Ihe man with the 
lIor ror. 

Monday, October 19, 1981 The UC D Guardian 3 

Draft 50 year olds instead of 20 year olds 
BY JAMES A . STEGENGA 
All the schemes suggested 

so far for reviving the draft 
envisage calling up 19-year· 
old to meet the military's 
manpower needs. But if it's 
really necessary to resume 
con cription (big "if" - but let 
it go), I think a case can be 
made for drafting 50'year-olds 
instead . 

In teadofcallingupacouple 
hundred thous and immature 
19-year-olds each year who 
will have to be mothered and 
socialized to accept the rigors 
of training, the privations of 
military life and the duties 
as ociated with t heir assigned 
oldierly jobs, the military 

could draft emotionally 
mature 50-year-olds who have 
spent their adult lives working 
in organizations, patiently 
coping, under tanding and 
accepting legitimate res tric· 
tion , uffering idiots and 
'houldering re ponsibilities . 
The military would be spared 
mos t of the time and effort 
now expended ke e ping 
ex u berant and onl y partially 
civi lized teen-agers on their 
tight leashes. The 50-year-old 
recruits would doubtless be 
more self·discip lined and self-
controlled. The militarv cou ld 
then do wit hout w hole fleets of 
baby,sltting sergeants, 
counselors, stockade mana-
gers and MPs patrol ling 
brot hel areas. Grown-up 
sold iers wou ld just be a lot 
easier to handle . 

They'd be more capable 
than your basic incompetent 
J 9-vear·olds, too. More of them 
wou ld know tech nical Irades. 

More would know how to read 
training manuals, blueprints, 
maps and the colonel's mind. 
They'd have a better feel for 
the ins and outs of manipula-
ting organizations and getting 
thing done. They'd be more 
experienced at working 
smoot hly with other people, 
typing memos. s olving 
problems under press u reo 
staying healthy, improvising, 
running machines, doing their 
own laundry , entertaining 
them se lves, fixing s tu ck 
window , following orders, 
'taying awake at night and atJ 
the other chores of soldiering. 
Ask yourself who you'd rather 
go into combat with: the 
gawky kid down the street 
who recently barely graduated 
from high school. or your 
grown·up grocer who used to 
be a truck mechanic? 

The military's needs for 
sound , capable people would 
be better met by drafting 
mature, competent 50'year-
olds than by relying on 
inexperienced , immature kids. 

But, you'l\ a k, don't people 
have to be you ng and [rong to 
survive ba ' ic training, walk 
a nd run all day long, do 30 
push-ups w henever the mean 
sergeant demand~ them and 
handle those heavy \\'eapon~ 
a nd ob t inate vehicles? Not 
really. Maybe 50 or 100 year;; 
ago [he cannon fodder sti ll had 
to be young bucks with ~trong 
back~ ' 0 they muld lug 100 
pounds of gear on foot all over 
the European landscape. But 
now the so ldier and his junk 
are mostly hauled , and 
bra\vny yout hs don't have that 

much of an edge. Anyway, 
many of my 50-year-old friends 
are in better shape than some 
of the lazy 19-year·olds I see. 
And everyone know that the 
toughest ~ys in any military 
unit aren t the kids but the 
very much grown-up ser -
geants and colonels ("gri z-
zled," they ' re called). 

Perhaps military service 
would even be less of a 
dIsruption in the 50-year-old's 
life than it is for the 19-year· 
old. Most 50·year·old . are past 
their child-rearing years (or 
almost past them. anyway, 
even in this era of supporting 
"children" until they fini sh 
graduate school at age 32). 
Your typical 50-year·old ha 
also passed that time in his life 
when he was burning with 
zeal and 'am bit ion to trisect the 
angle, end poverty or invent 
the 100· miles· to-the·gallon 
carburetor. He is typically 
reconciled to putting in time. 
and thus might not resent the 
intrus ion of Uncle Sam so 
much a the youngs ter with 
dream s and a whole Life Plan 
that wi ll be disa ·trously upet 
by a two-year interrupt ion 
that he will be more inclined 
than his elder to regard a~ a 
total waste of time. a tOlallo'> 
The elder might also welcome 
the change as an opport unit~ , 
a sabbat ical after 25 years on 
the assembl) line ur in the 
same dreary office. My forty -
and fifty-year·old friend,. 
would be lots more likely than 
my 19-year·old st uden ts to be 
'e duced bv the avv 
r e c r u it e r' . - prom i _ e u' f 
advent ure. travel and escape. 

The 50-year·old has pretty 
much made his dent and 
whatever fortune he's going to 
pile up. He's close to paying off 
hi mortgage. And if he has n't 
already gone over the wall 
during hi s mid ·life crisis, he's 
probably read y to. 

This 50·year·old recruit 
who's already made his dent 
and his pile - however meagre 
- has a lot more of a stake in 
the 'ystem to protect than the 
19-year·old , too. Having spent 
hi s life producing and 
benefiting from the Amencan 
Way, he'll be more wJ!!tng to 
' acrifice to protect and defend 
it. Having come to appreciate 
the blessings of liberty, the 
market economy, com fortable 
eateries and interesting 
newspapers when he can fi nd 
them, he' ll be a more reliable 
defender of the realm than the 
youth who has n't begun to 
apprec iate what's worth 
defending. 

At th same time. the 50· 
year -old recruit IS apt to be less 
deferential toward authori · 
ties his own age who propose 
unneces, ary. unwise, imprac-
tical or Improper foreign poliC) 
adventuring. More so than hh 
19-vear·old son or niece. the 50-
\·ear·old soldier IS likeh to a~k 
the old cJ\'Ilian" In \Vashing~ 
ton: "Your'rc sending me 
where to do /('/wl? You gotta be 
kidding" o. if he would be 
1II01'1! likelv to obe\ ;,l!lIsibic 
directi\·e~. he'd be less likely to 
follow the commands of silh 
old men WIth unsound 
schemes. 

BUI wouldn't it be an 
advantage to have more 

keptica l and questIOning 
troops? Isn't that why we have 
a c it izen army , to make sure 
that the common ense of the 
citizenry is brought to bear? 
Maybe some of our recent 
imbroglios wou ld have been 
avoided if the architects had 
been obliged to worry more 
about how their proposal 
were going to go over with 
older and wiser warnors that 
were going to have to pu t their 
Ixxlie ' on the Ime. 

We are understandably and 
appropriatel) uncom fort able 
wh n we notIce that our 
militarj forces are blacker and 
poorer than the civilians back 
home_ Bv the same tOken we 
ought to be uncomfortable that 
our oldier~ are so much 
younger than our populatIOn. 
Where is it written that the 
young hould do the 
sacrificing, killing and dying 
for the old? America's men 
now push these responsibili-
tie ' off onto America' y'. 
It's time our men (and adult 
women . lOO) '>teppect forward 
to shoulder t he burden of our 
nation's defense. 

And i It too harsh tu ,>ugge. t 
that - when soldirr, mu .. t die 
in v. arfare - It'" t ter lOr at 
least not quite a .. "ad) for ;)0 
year·old" to 011'>" thl'lr la .... 20 
"ears than for 20Year·old" to 
im" .. theIr lao I fiO?' 

Con"lder. fmally. a cou pIe of 
collateral "ocial benefi t. of 
drafting i)()·yt'ar·old .... . lt \\ ()uld 
be good for t hell healt h for 
200,000 or so paunchy recruJl. 
each year to do some phY~Il'al 
trainmg, lo-.e some weight and 

., 

BUCK 
YOOY. 
•• CA., SENIORS. 

Don t let dental care throw you l Comptete 
dental services are available on campus. 
Including examinations. cleanings, fillings. 

extractions . and dental emergenCies StudE'nts 
and spouses only , student rates 

UC San Diego Health Center 
Dental Group 

For appointment call 452·2080 
Monday-Friday 800 a m.-4.00 pm 
at the UC San Diego Health Center 

Whatever your degree will be, the Navy can give you a 
management position (if you qualify). You'll get 
technical training and managerial experience. The 
Navy offers managerial positions in the following areas: 

• ELECTRONICS 
• ENGINEERING 
• INVENTORY CONTROll PURCHASING 
• PERSONNEL ADMINISTRATION 
• SYSTEMS ANALYSIS 
All you need is a minimum of a BS/ BA degree 

(summer graduates may inquire), be no more than 34 
years old, be able to pass aptitude and physical 
examinations and qualify for security clearance. (u. 
citizenship required.) Your benefits package includes 
30 days' earn d annual vacation, medical/dental/low 
cost life insurance coverage plus other tax-free 
incentive. If you 're intere ted in gaining managerial 
and technical re pon ibili tie fa ,t, call the ~aval 
Management Programs Ottice at: 29:~-669 I 
or send a letter to: Na\'al Offtcel' ProgT,lllb 

P.O. Bo, ,'.') 121 
San DIego, CA ~)2 1 :3(' 



4 The UCSD Guardian Monday , October 19, ]981 

'Letters to the Editor·---------------- Space Invaders 
A vote against fraternities continued from page 2 spend their lunch hours here 

shooting down rocket ships. 

electronic video industry. One 
game alone. " As tero ids," 
grosses $10 million every week 
for its manufacturer, Atari. Editor: 

We are writing in response 
to your article, "Are There 
Greeks In UCSD's Future?" 
(UCSD Guardian, Oct. 12) We 
feel that Fraternities and 
Sororities have the right to be 
recognized as student 
organizations at this campus. 
We also feel , however, that the 
Greek system should not 
become an integral part of the 
University as a whole. 
Historically, these organiza-
tions have been termed racist 
and sexi t. catering to a select 
few. 

The present college system 
at UCSD was establi 'heel to 
discourage s uch elitist 
sy terns as the Greek sy ·tem. 
providing a greater sense of 
community amongst students, 
faculty, and staff. The colleges 
ha ve a lways e n co uraged 
participations of all individu-

, also whereas the Greek system 
has traditionally discouraged 
those they term "undesir-
able," based on such cr i teria as 

sex, race, family income, and supportIve. 
occasionally physical appear- Another serious issue raised 
ance. or st ature. We feel that it by the article is the hous ing 
is much more constructive for shortage in the area around 
students to become involved U C S D . W hat was not 
with, and to support their mentioned by the article was 
respective college where they the fact that the shortage is 
have the opportunity to one of low-cost housing. A 
improve the quality of "Fraternity Row" would not 
education and camp u s alleviate this problem. 
community lif e for all Student energy would be 
students. much more wisely spent on 

The article presents a very researching and supporting an 
sympathet ic view towards the effective, low·co·t method of 
Greek system. It s tates that housing, such as cooperative 
idea ll y, " ... members (o f housing for the University . 
Fraternit ies and Sororities)' We feel that t he movement 
wou ld not be labeled Third or to t he right of t hi s country as a 
Muir students, but would whole has amplified such 
simlJly be people who are elitist organizations as 
proud of the fact that they are Fraternitie;; and Sororitie;;, 
UCSD students." How about which s ignal s a ret urn to the 
those of us who chose UCSD mentality of the 50·s. As 
pecifically for the intimate s tud ent organizations, 

environment pro\'ided by the Fraternities and ororities 
college sy ·tem? We feel that have a place, but we would be 
the Greek system wou ld di 'appointed to see them as a 
und ermine and poss ibl y mainstay of this campu ·. 
eliminate the pre ent l.'OlIege David D. Keen 
environm ent that we find so Kerry M. Varga 

Video games don 't begin to 
replace books and movies in 
our lives, but at leas t they keep 
kids off the streets. Moreover, 

som~ of the games provide an 
adequate introduction to the 
computer world. There are 
probably worse things kids 
could be doing with their 
money. After all , even the US 
Army is considering teaching 
their soldiers about combat 
with video games. 

If parents and comm unity 
leaders are so scared about 
electronic video arcades, they 
may want to convince schools 
to purchase educational video 
game~. That way kids can 
have fun and learn somet hing 
too. 

Not s urpri si ngl y. the 
electronic ' industry is 
watching the Supreme Court 
like a hawk. There is big 
money to be made in the 

"The most the Supreme 
Court cou ld do is throw us 
back at the mercy of town 
councils," said Rufus King, an 
attorney here for the 
electronics industry. " [t could 
have a severe impact on the 
business. But what worries 
me is that if local authorities 
have no limit to their 
discretion to ban these games, 
you might end up with a lot of 
under-the-table payoffs." 

We dou bt the old boys of the 
Supreme Court spent mu ch 
time playing electronic video 
games at establishments on-
nearby Pennsylvania Avenue. 
Perhaps they s hould before 

decidin~ the Me 'quite vs. 
Aladdin s Castle case. 

What would pro baby occur 
to them t hen is that a good 
dose of parental respom;ibility 
might make thesegames much 
less of a problem. 

RCC's view on the boycott 
Draft adults 

.. '.,.tt I 11, lg(. ' 
strengthen some cardiovascu-
lar systems. The nat ion's 
medical bill s might even 
decline as a consequence 

would bring back something 
valuable. too. some experien-
ces. from a different real 
world, some brand new 
perspectives as well as a lift in 
their steps. 

Editor: 
[n response to Paul 

F arewell's article (UCSD 
Guardian, Oct. ]2) concerning 
the Chancellor's inauguration, 
the Revelle College Council 
wou ld like to clarify its 
position on the AS proposed 
boycott of the upcoming 
inauguration ceremony. 

The sponsors of the boycoll 
as 'ert that they are prote 'ling 
again t , among other things . 

COST: 
$265.00 (bus. hotel) 
$290.00 (bus, condo) 
$521.00 (air. hotel) 

OPTIONAL: 

the inadequate representation 
of students in the selection of 
high administrative officials 
at UCSD. The AS Council 
furt her claim ' t hat a unified 
stude nt boycott of the 
inauguration would effec-
ti ve ly com muni cate the 
students ' dissati 'faction with 
UC select ion procese ' to the 
Chancellor. to the UCSD 
community in general and to 
other assorted VIP's attending 

TICKETS GO ON SALE AT 
THE BOX OFFICE WEDNESDAY 

OCTOBER 21st 

INCLUDES: 

the ceremony. 
Although we are al ' o 

di maved at the current lack of 
real student participation in 
the 'election proces ' it is our 
bel ief that a boycott of 
Chancellor Atkin · on ·· 
inauguration wou ld be both 
inappropriate and uncon· 
struct ive. If UC official ' are 
presently di ' inclined to allow 
active student representation 

And it might be good for the 
nation ' economic health. too, 
if each year 200,000 50·year· 
olds who are now clogging the 
upper reaches of hundreds of 
civi lian bureaucracie and 
corporations took a two·year 
leave, clearing the way for new 
people and new ideas . When 
th ey returned to their civi lian 
lives. these citizen soldiers 

The chance to command a 
basic training company of 
adu lt dentists. mechanics. car 
salesmen. corporate poohbahs 
and even 'ociety matrons 
might almost tempt me to re-
enli · t in a different , 
interesting, more just, and 
probably better Army. pk : I~\ 111111 III II; Ij.:,. I ') 

GET A HEAD START 
IN A NUCLEAR CAREER. 

'Irain for a career as a Nuclear Propulsion OHicer in the Navy. 
The Navy has the most advanced nuclear equipment in 
the world, and needs advanced nuclear trained officers to 
maintain and operate it. 

The graduate level training you'll receive in this 
program could cost $30,000. As a Nuclear Propulsion 
Officer, you 11 be rewarded with increased responsibilities 
and promotion potential. 
QUALIFICATIONS : Age-19 to 27% years old. 
Education - Working towards (or have completed) BA or 
BS degree. 

round trip transportation, 5-day 
lift ticket. accommodations. 
carnival activities and 
bonuses. 

Citizenship - U.S. citizenship required. 
Applications may be submitted after completion of 

sophomore year in college. If you t hink nuclear propulsion 
is your future, then you know the Navy is the place to 
begin. Call the Naval Management Programs Office ·for 
more information. 

Lessons: $18 .00 a day. $65.00 a week 
Rentals: $7.00 a day. $35.00 a week 

MEMBERSHIP: 
$7.50. Purchase Memberships at Rec Gym Ottice, Room 20. 
Monday, Wednesday, Friday, 1:00-2:00 p .m. You must be a 
Member to attend All-Cal. 

FULL PAYMENT AND CLUB ID REQUIRED AT TIME OF PURCHASE 

Naval Office r Programs 
P.O. Box 85 124 

San Diego, A 92 1:-38 

293-669 1 

The UCSD Guardian 
Lisa Sullivan, Assoc. News Editor New-s Page 5 October 19, 1981 
Regents accept gift 
for new theater 
Fedmart founder donates 
$1.2 million for completion 

The UC Board of Regents 
accepted a gift October 16 of 
approximately $1.2 million for 
capital improvements on the 
new UCSD theater. 

The regents also approved 
n am ing the facility the 
Mandell Weiss Center for the 
Performing Arts in honor of 
the donor. 

Wei ',,' gift will be u ed to 
construct a scene and cost ume 
shop and toward the purchase 
of needed equipment to make 
the theater operat ional. 

The 500· 'eat theter is a 
cooperative venture between 
the Theatre and Arts 
Foundation of San Diego 
County and the university. 
The first performance in the 
new theater is scheduled for 
the late spring of 1982. 

Weiss, 90, is a San Diego 
res ident and one of the 
founders of the Fed Mart 
Corporation and the Price 
Club. His gift to the Theatre 

and Arts Foundation and the 
university consists of stock in 
the Price Club. 

Funds from t he sale of t he 
stock, along with other gifts 
from the community, will be 
used to cons truct a two-story 
building adjacent to t he 
theatre to house scene and 
paint s hops. a costume 
workshop and storage room, 
and for ligh ti ng and other 
theater equipment. 

The Foundation. formed in 
1954 to provide a permanent 
h ome for the La Jolla 
Playhouse. has provided more 
than $3 million for construc-
tion of the theater. The 
university has provided the 
land. parking facilities, 
maintenance and securi ty. 

The facility will house 
student and professional staff 
productions of the UCSD 
Department of Drama during 
the school year. and t he 

pleasl' IUI' 1l to ~l~(' H} 

Students w ho " tud ied abroad in Europe and else\\ here la.,t ~ ear include (hllJ ro",. I-I') Greg 
Adam!.. IIdy Borncmisza, (bottom 1'0\\, I-r) Aileen Chain. Groff Bitner and Terry COale., .. \11 
thoruughly enjoyen their studies uutside the S and agree that th e experience gained going 
overseas has been .. high light in their college careen,. 

Education abroad prografll 
CII III', I1,, ·,' II"m t>ag(' I 
Tournament in Glasgow, 
Scotland. In the tournament 

with him was a friend from 
UCLA. 

when she applied for EAP. 
"The program is not just for 
younger students," she said. 

AS student forutrl tomorrow 
"The step of going to 

Scotland is not a difficultone ," 
Adams said , adding a 
suggestion to student s 
considering the program. 

" A: take advantage of any 
opportunity, whether it be 
travel , work, meeting people, 
etc., and B: never, never be 
sober! Because drinking is 
terribly important in Europe," 
he concluded. 

She highly recommends 
studying abroad and says the 
UC program is a very good one 
in that. "it encourages 
independence ... 

Have something to say to 
the AS Council? They' ll be all 
ears tomorrow during their 
first Student -Community 
Forum at noon on Revelle 
Plaza. 

"[t'll be like a public 
hearing," said AS President 
Jules Bagneri s, where 
students can ask questions 
and express their opinions on 
any campus related matters. 
Two microphones will be set 
up; one for the AS and 
another for s tudents. 

Topics may include the 
boycotts of Coors and Nestle 

product s, st udent fee 
increases, the possibility of 
turning ovet t he books tore's 
administration to the 
students, and the future of 
campus radio station KSDT. 

Another topic likely to be 
debated is the recent proposal 
to pay AS members stipends. 
Bagneris has suggested t hat 
six percent ($15,120) of the 
AS budget be allocated for 
paying monthly stipends to 
all council members so they 
can afford to put more time 
into student advocacy. 

JOIN 
San Diego Students 

for Peace 
Organizational Meeting 
Wednesday. October 21 
7:00 p .m . Game Room! 

Conference Room 

Agenda: 
Elect Officers, Plan Activities 

Please Come- Everyone Welcome 

"Quite frankly, the AS.will 
never be an effective 
advocate for students until 
the time normally given to an 
outside job is able to be 
devoted strictly towa rd 
st u den t ad vocacy ," sa id 
Bagneris recently. 

Other council members are 
opposed to the sti pend 
propos al , however. 

AS members wil l be 
looking for student input on 
thi s and other issues 
tomorrow at the forum. 

-Lisa Sullivan 

Attention 
Third College 

Biology MaJon 

Obtain important 
information about: 

- Major requirements 
- SpeCial program offered 

by the department 
- Graduate/Professional 

school opportunities 
-Career options 
- ... and much morel 

TUesday. October 20 
4to 5:50 pm 
APM 2113 

For additional information 
call 452-4110 or 452-2580 

Recuerdos .... (Memories) 
Madrid, Spain , was home 

for Terry Coates last year a 
she attended courses at the 
University of Madrid . home of 
150,000 other students a well. 

" I got to look at the United 
States from another perspec-
tive. [ think it's important that 
people see what other people 
think of our country," Coates 
said. 

The 25-year-old UCSD 
senior was a re-entry student 

Coates' experience with the 
people of Spain differed from 
Adam ' s experience in 
Scotland. as she aid the 
Spanish people were very hard 
to get to know. 

" We got to know a lot of the 
vendor. barkeepers and 
other in our living area . but 
we tended to look to our own 
group for security," she said. 

"I've studied pani h for 
most of my life," said Coate , 
"but I improved it immen-
sely ." Thu language was no 
problem. 

"I found that the (EAP) taff 
in San Diego was very 
supportive and prepared u 

please t urn to page 9 

A~k d~UI 'u' 

1 Hour Service 
Featuring Ihe latest in so ft and semi rigid lens 
technology 
· l'Xh'~h" J \A.'I. dt :]1'). · • '11 l~- ... \.'l r 
· h f .1: ... dl in,',-', 
• I,:~,-·t tl"iotH'a: h:l~l'~ \1 Il' l."'I; • ft ,'no,l''':! 
• ·w\.\. 1I:!ld Ilnt l,lr']i- h , I.'xl t,), «'lhu's 

I 'C' .,,11 ,I ... , . 
• , :>< t\ "' h·J',\. , ',Ht; I! \ '1',,, • ., I. r 

• U"'l,ltP !mlll ~ 1<'1 ~('1n h.': ''iI, .. 
• qnn ,'P tJ" \ r (lit, :~I ~tP, k 

III ,u.b~lo. Bd <;. h ~ . r'll 

Full service eye care al 
competitive prices Compare l 
Prices gladly quoted by phone 
.. ~H11Jh..· dely ,"y,-" l.'Xilm., ~l\"'dy~ tlVillltlbk 
· prescnptlPn-;. duph \.. .JI ,-~.J no 

t1rplllntnh.:nt nc\':~ssary 
• mOSI r~plil,,'m~111 '""llIaclS ,mm'd,alely JVdlldblc 
• ~v\'nm~ app\..) lIllm~nh dvalldhl~ 
• dsk .:lh,,~ut llur \,' '''1l1put",nz"d gldul'ornd test 

.... 

--

Mira Mesa 
~~~"' l:n~ .1 r./J 
.U~" lll,nUh'" fr"Ol .. amru~) 

566·9900 



6 The UCSDGua rdian Monday, October 19. 1981 

The Weekly Calendar 
lectures/discussions 
n.SDAY 
......... - The Philosopt'¥ Club - Philoi will present an open 
discussion on the topic "Technology: Its N ature and Its 
Consequences" with an introductory presentation given by Dr. 
George Anagnostopoulos. Philosophy Dept.. UCSD. Tioga 
Hall. Room 702. 

THURSDAY 
6pIII - Free Natural Vegetanan Dinner with Indian 
Meditation Music. All students \/\Ielcome. Don't miss out. North 
Conference Rm. 
6pIII - Free Vegetarian dinner and discussions on vedic 
culture. Indian music. All 'Alelcome. North Conference Room. 
7"IJOpm - Latin America Lecture Senes (#2 of 4). Informal 
lecture/discussion featuring Dr. Carlos Waisman. UCSD 
sociology professor. "The US and authoritarian regimes in Latin 
America." Refreshments. at the International Center Lounge. 

fRIDAY 
4-fI pm - Black Campus Forum. An informal rap session that 
provids an outlet for discussion the social interaction of Black 
females and males on campus. Mountain View Lounge. 

services/workshops 
MONDAY-FRIDAY 
':JGant-4:JOpm - OASIS offers free seNlce for all UCSD 
students who need pre-wnting help. conferences on drafts. 
and editing acMce. We engage any kind of writing Clnd arry 
kind of writing problem. Conferences are by appointment only. 
call 452-22B4 or come by 4010 USB to make an appointment 
9-4pm - Grammar Moses Hotline: A grammar hotline phone-
in service for help With diction. grammar and punctuation 
prOblems. To reach Grammar Moses. call 452-2284 between 
the hours of 9 and 4 pm. Monday - Fnday Spo nsored by O ASIS 
Wfltlng Center Servtce available throughout the quarter Free. 

MONDAY 
Hpm - Are jl?u Interested In health care 7 Then come to the 
grand opening of "The Body Shoppe " Refreshments. A t the 
Student Health Center 
... to.m - R~I/e Humanities Assignment Brainstorm: Small 
group class for Revelle students enrolled in Humanities 
Sequence 12A. COIl. Preparation for writing d lfected at your 
particular assignment. Class meets in 4070 USB at the same 
time every 'Aleek throughout the quarter. Sponsored by the 
OASIS Writing Center. No appointment necessary. just drop 
by. 

,~" ... - Revelle HumanitiesAssignment Brainstorm: Small 
group class for Revelle students enrolled in Humanitites 

~uence 12A, Allison. Preparation for wflt/ng directed at your 
particular asignment. Class meets in 4070 USB at the same t ime 
(!Very week throughout the quarter Sponsored by the OASIS 

Wnting Center. No appointment necessary. just drop ll')1. 
, Z-Jpm - Answers to Jl?Ur academiC problems can be found 
from a Warren Peer Advisor - come by and figure out the 
major and minor process. add drop procedure and scheduling 
conflicts. 
J-4pm - Quick appointments: for more Individual attention 
sign up tor a 15 minute appointment with the engineering and 
physical sciences advisor for help In career planning and Job 
hunting. Free. at HL 1058. Career Planning and Placement. 
J.4pm - Career options acil/slng for Humanit ies and SoCial 
SCiences students. Sign up at Career Planning and Placement 
for a qUICk 15 minute appointment to e)(plore the career 
conse'luences of your major or a partICular occupational field 

l1JESDAY 
9-4pm - Answers to your academiC problems can be found 
from a Warren Peer Advisor Come by and figure out the major 
and minor process. add drop procedure and scheduling 
conflicts. 
9-1 pm - San Diego Courthouse field trip Sign up In the PLEA 
office today. (!Veryone IS l(Mted 
9:30-1 I am - Informal adviSing sessIons With ttle 
coordinator for engineering and pt'Ifslcal sCiences career 
adVISing and placement. For help In career planning and Job 
hunting see Ma)( /ne Ba iley at the career center No 
appointments necessary. Please call to confirm open hours are 
being held. Hl 1058. )(3750. 

1I_1ZIJOpm - Mid-term Prep and Test Strat egies 
Workshop. Bring your course materials and get organized for 
mldsl You'/I learn how to apply the successfu l SCORE s~tem 
and get ready for an effiCient mid-term rNIew The workshop 
Will also cover test-taking strategies for essay and objective 
tests. as well as stress reduction Meet at the South Conf r nce 
Room located In Bldg 8 at the Studt>nts 
center/Downstairs) Sponsored by OASIS Second Story Free. 
call x2284 for more InformatIOn 

12- 1pm - Guess Who's coming to lunch7 Robin Hunt. 
visiting lecturer in the UCSD Drama Department and graduate 
of UC San Diego. Students are encouraged to attend and talk 
with Robin about playwriting. acting. and the feminist theatre. 
This Will be an informal get-together of faculty and students 
who share common interest. Multipurpose Conference Room. 
Student Center Bldg. B. Students are encouraged go sign up in 
the QASIS Bldg. B location and bring a sack lunch. 

1 -~pm - Career options advising for humanities and social 
science students. Sign up at career planning and placement for 
a 15 minute quick appointment to explore the career 
consequences of your major or a particular occupational field. 
1-4pm - UCSD Career Connection workshop. "Discove!. 
your hidden skills and connect them to pOSSible occupations. 
Sign-up In the career planning and placement office. 
Humanilles library bldg .• rm 1058. 

Z-~pm - Quick appointments: for more Individual attention. 
sign up for a 15 minute appointment With the englneenng and 
physical sciences acil/sor for information on .career planning 
and job hunting. as well as Grad school admiSSIOns. Hl1058. 

Z-3:JOpm - Quick appointments: for more indMdual 
attention sign up for a IS minute appointment with the 
humanities and social sdences acitisor for more information on 
employment opportunities. grad sChol admissions. etc. HL 
1058. 
Z-3 :JOpm - Law/MBA School quick appointments: for a IS 
minute IndMdual appointment with the pre-law/management 
advisor. s'gn up no earlier than one day in acilance at Career 
Planning & Placement. HL 1058. 

l-.pm - Informal advisinq sc))ions With the coordinators for 
BiologICal and Health AdviSOry Program. For help in career 
planning job hunting and professlo/1i.l1 school preparation. see 
Ellen Moran or Beth Gex. No appointments are necessary. OUt 
please call to confirm open hours are being held. x3750 

WEDNESDAY 
9:3O-11am - QUick Appointments: for more indIVidual 
attention. sign up for a 15 min. appt. With the engineering and 
physical SCIences ad.!isor for Information on career planning, 
job hunllng. etc At Hl 1058. 

10-11 am - Revelle Humanities Assignment Brainstorm: small 
group class for Rl"elle students enrolled In Humanities 
sequence llA. Olar.;on. Preparation for writing dlreaed at your 
particular assignment Class meets In 4070 USB at the same 
time Nery week throughout the quarter Sponsored by the 
OA SIS Wntlng Center No appointment necessary. just drop 
by 
1oam-llam - Career Opt iOns adviSing for Humanities and 
Social SCience students. Sign up at Career Planning and 
Placement for a 15 minute qUick appointment to explore the 
career consequences of your maJor or a particular occupational 
field. 

1'-1lnoon - Revelle Humanities Assignment Brainstorm: 
small group class for Revelle students enrolled in Humanities 
sequence IDA. NIosshammer. Preparation for writing directed 
at your particular assignment. Class meets In 4070 USB at the 
same time ~ery week throughout the quarter. Sponsored by 
the Oasis Writing Center. No appontment necessary 
, -2pm - Answers to your acaddemic problems can be found 
from a Warren Peer Advisor - come by and figure out the 
major and minor process. add/drop procedure and scheduling 
conflicts. 

Z-3 :3Opm -Informal advising SesSIOns with the coordinators 
for Biological and Health Sciences AdviSOry Program. For help 
in career planning. job hunting and professional school 
preparation. see Ellen Moran or Beth Gex. No appointments 
are necessary. Please call to confirm open hours are being held. 
HL 1058. 
6-8pm - Harambee tutonal study sessIons. Tutors In math. 
chemistry. biology. physiCS. english. history. and writing will be 
ava ilable A qUiet atmosphere to study In or work in stugy 
groups BEFORE that midterm. APM 2301. 

THURSDAY 
10-11 :30am - "Quick Appointments": for more indiVidua l 
attention sign up for a 15 minute appointment With the 
humanities and SOCial sCiences adVisor for Information on 
employment opportunities. grad school admiSSIOns. etc Sign 
up no earlier than one day In adVance Call 452-3750 HIIOSB 
10-' 1 :30am - MBA/law School adviSing drop-rn hours for 
any questions concerning the application process for MBA 
programs. se the pre-law/management advisor on an 
Informal baSIS No appointments necessary. but call first and 
confirm that open hours are being h Id Hl 1058. x3750 

10-1':30am - QUick Appointments 15 minute prIVate 
apPointments available dUring thiS time With Beth Gex. 
Biological and Health SCiences ad.!Isor Appointment must be 
made by phone or ,n person and can be made no earlier than 
one day In advance. Located In the Career Plannll19 & 
Placement office In HL 105B 
10- 12pm - Do you n cd help In prepaflng lor job 
Intt'Nlew5 7 Som ('PS on thr best ways to present jl?lJr 
quahflcdtlom and wh.lt kind of InteNIf'W qurstlOns to exprcl 
Atlt>nd the Job In cNlew/IlCJ Worksnop Revplle Form.ll 
lounge 

,-ZllOpm - Textbook reading for recall workshop: How 
marry times should you read a chapter7 ThiS workshop shows 
JI?U how to read once and transfer tediOUS hours Into 
productive learning sessions. Bring your textOOoks and learn 
how to apply these learning efficiency teChniques to your 
courses. Meet at the South Conference room in Bldg. B of the 
Student Center. Workshop IS free. call 452-2284 for more 
information. 
J.4:lOpm - Ouick Appointments: 15 minute prIVate 
appointments available during this time With Ellen Moran. 
Coordinator of the 8iological and Health Sciences AdviSOry 
Program. Appointment must be made by pnone. 452-37500r 
in person no earlier than one day In advance. 

FRIDAY 
':J~10:30am - MBA and Law School admissions peer 
acilislng. Informal advising sessions With an upper division 
student concerning profeSSional school preparation and the 
application process. No signups necessary. Just drop in. HL 
1058. Career Planning. 

9:J~10:30am - Informal acNising sessions with the 
coordinators for Biological and Health Sdences Advisory 
Program. For help in career planning. job hunting and 
professional school preparation. See Ellen Moran or Beth Gex. 
No appointments are necessary. Please call to confirm open 
hours are being held. 452-3750. HL 1058 

'~":3Oam - Ouick Appointments. for more indMdual 
attention sign up tor a 15 minute appointment with the 
humanities and social sciences acilisor for information on 
employment oportunities. grad school admissions. etc. HL 
1058. Career Planning and Placement. 

entertainment 
WEDNESDAY 
4pm - UCSD New Wnting Series: Poetry reading by Robert 
Duncan. MandNille Aud. 
8pm - Tonight and tomorrow night. The Awakening of 
Sappho. a chamber opera by Will Ogden. based on the play by 
lawrence Durrell. Beverly Ogoon. soprano. Philip Larson. 
baritone. Jo Francois. music director. Marius Zirra. stage 
direaor. Also. Chamber music by Sat/e. Erikson and "Two 
Ueder" by Webern. MandNille re<.rral Hall. Free 

THURSDAY 
Spm - Che Cafe presents an evening of contemporary Jazz 
With ViSIOns. 50« admission. 

FRIDAY 9-'am - Dancel "Let's groove tonight I" Burn up 
the floor of Muir Cafetena at the Fall Dance sponsored by the 
Asian American Student Alliance (MSA) Muir Cafe. S3 In 
acilance. S3.50 at the cIoor. 
8pm - ClSPES Fundraiser: music by Armonia Duarte. EI 
Salvador medical student. No host bar. Ss. at 4637 NorthAve .• 
S.D. 

recreation 
MONDAY 
J.Spm - Monday thru Thursday and Saturday laCrosse 
practice at Third Field. 
J.Spm - Monday and Wednesday Ultimate Frisbee practice 
on the Warren West Field. 
3:JOprn - Men's Soccer vs. Redlands on Muir Field. Free. 
Wpm - Monday thru Friday Karate class meets on the North 
Balcony of the Main Gym. 
.. 8pm - International Folkdancing (beginning) happens 
tonight in the Rec Conference Room from 6-Bpm. Class fee IS 
S16. 
7-9pm - Tonight and Wednesday the Karate Club meets In 
the Adaptive Room. 
&-1Opm - Advanced International FolkdanCing class is 
meeting tonight In the Rec Conference Room. 

TUESDAY 
2-Spm - Tuesday and Thursday the Wrestling Club meets In 
the AdaptIVe room from 2-3 and In the Wrestling room from 3-
5. Everyone IS welcome 
5-7pm - Interested In Judo? There IS a club meeting today 
/Tuesday and Thursday) In the Wrestling Room. 
7-9pm - Kung Fu clu~ meeting every Tuesday and Thursday 
on the North Balcony 

WEDNESDAY 
J-Spm - First meeting of the Chess Club. All I~e ls of play 
welcome 

FRIDAY 
S-6pm - Miniature scalr The T dble 1 ennis Club meets today 
In the Rec Conference Rm 

pi , ., . , I I 

• 

Mond ay, October 19, 1981 

------N ew s Briefs------

Bonner fire 
A fire broke out in the south 

machine shop of Bonner Hall 
Thursday when a hot exhaust 
pipe from an emergency 
generator ignited the ceiling 
tiles. 

Fire fighters from the San 
Diego Fire Depart m ent 
responded at 9:45 a.m . and 
extinguished the flame befor e 
they could pread to other 
areas of the building. 

No injuries were reported , 
but according to UC Police 
Dispatcher Richard Hudnall, 
an ambulance was summoned 
by the fire department for two 
fire fighters who suffered from 
smoke inhilation. 

Body shop 

Today mark t he grand 
open ing of The Body Shoppe, a 
unique on-campus health care 
clinic which specializes in 
students bodies. The grand 
opening will be held from 8 
a.m . t o 4:30 p. m . in the Student 
Heal t h Center with refresh-
ment erved . 

" The Body Shoppe is an 
excellent opportunit y for 
students to participate in their 
own personal health care 
program , II say s Robyn 
Warner, one of the student 
coordinators of the new clinic. 

Students will be introduced 
to the various services offered 

through The Body Shoppe, 
including a cold clinic , high 
blood pressure clinic, skin-care 
information and a special 
health resource library. They 
will also be able to meet with 
the Peer Health Advocates and 
Director of Health Education 
Susan Daniels. 

Peggy I ves 

Develop. Dir. 

Rick Ventura. a develop-
m ent program direct or w ith II 
years ex perience in fu nd 
r a i s in g and un ive r sity 
administration. has been h ired 
as a full -time development 
officer at UCSD. Ventura w ill 
begin his job duties sometime 
lat e Oct ober. 

"R ick Ventura com e ' to the 
u ni vers it y w ith a broad 
background and a record of 
success in fund rai ' ing," Ray 
Ram 'ayer , special ass ist an t 10 
t he chan cellor for develop-
m ent. sa id . " I am great ly 
pleased 10 add h im to my 
staff. " 

Vent u r a prev iou sl y served 
as a fun d d eve l opm en t 
progr am dir ecto r wi th 
Brakeley. John Price Jones. 
Inc. in Newport , a private firm 
w hose cl ien t · include U C. 

t anford U ni ver s it y , t he 
ni ve r s it y o f Chi cago. 

Harvard Univer sity. the San 
Francisco Ballet, Colum bia-
Pre 'by lerian Medical Center 
and the United Stat es Olympic 
Committee. 

T he UCSD Guardian 

tIM. HAO 
A f/WITIVt 
IAHJ 7VOI< 

8~8E.s· 
I 

INVEST IN YOUR FUTURE 

A CONDOMINIUM COMMUNITY 
3258 Ashford Street. San Diego. CA 92111 . Sales office open 

dally 10 am to 6 pm (714) 277-6303 

i 
I • 

'f 

PI1ces eftecl lve dote cJ publlCQIJon Subl I 10 pOor SOle on 0< after deodllne Soles occumng $Ubsequenl to this 
dole may result in unava,'abillty ot any 0< a ll price ieV61S 

13%*- 30 Year 
Fixed Rate 

Deluxe Studios 
~frt $41 ,500 
This great stud io bu y offers 
the finest resort style facilities 
including: swimming pool, spa, 
barbecues, recreation building, 
w it h sa unas. Plus a flower-
f i lled parkland of fountains , 
ponds and a gazebo. 

See salesperson for details on 
financing and 

Homeowner's Association. 
• 13',.% APR 

ucso Take 805 south 
to 163 south. Exit 
at Kearney Vi lIa 
Rd. south and 
follow until it 
runs into Mesa 
College Drive. 
Turn right on 
Ashford. 

Map No' 
To !>c'l~ 

• 

7 



8 The UCSDGuardian Monday, October 19. 1981 

MEETINGS 
Profesalonal Organizations Union. 
a conglomerat ion of a ll UCSD 
Profe ssional an d Academ ic 
Student Organizations w ill be 
hold ing Its 1st meeting Wednesday 
October 28 at 4 pm. All key officers 
of professional a nd academic 
organizations are encouraged to 
attend. At the meeting we w ill be 
discussing ways by whic h the 
organizations partiCipating can 
more effectively work together, 
increas ing benefits to your 
organization members. For more 
information, coli Maury at 455-0566 
or leave a message at 452-4726. 

UCSD Speech and Deb a te : 

AS. Council Meeting, Wednesday, 
October 21 . 6:30 pm in the Student 
Center, North Conference Room. 

Students International Meditation 
Society will be holding their fi rst 
meeting on Friday, October 23 at 5 
pm In the Game Room Confer-
ence Room (Student Center 2nd 
floor) .. .. AII Interested persons are 
welcome to offend.... For more 
information, please call 297-1606. 

lesbian and Gay Organization w ill 
be meeting at the International 
Center on Tuesday, October 20, a t 
6:30. We thank the Activity Fee 
Committee for support. 

Son Diego Students 'or Peace w ill 
hold their first meeting on Cotober 
21 at 7 pm in the Game Room 
Conference Room (Student Center 

The ASUCSD Bulletin is published each 
Monday in the Guardian. Interested 
students should submit copy by noon, 
Thursday, at the AS. Offices, 8-023. 

~--------- No B.S. is B.S. -----------, 
Academic Affairs Commission Report 

The ASUCSD Counci I recently approved and supports the pet ition to 
award the Bachelor of Science Degree, instead of a Bachelor or Ms 
Degree for Biology majors at UCSD. Students majoring in Biology at 
UCSD believe that a Bachelor of Science Degree should be given to 
them at graduation ( rather than a Bachelor of Ms Degree) since 

1. Biology is a Science; 
2. Other majors receiving a Bachelor of Ms Degree do not have 

the heavy requirements in Science and Math as does the Biology 
Major; 

3. Biology Majors receive a Bachelor of Science Degree at UC 
Davis, UC Irvine and UC Riverside; 

4. Students at UCLA have expressed the same opinion and are 
also trying to correct the situation. 
Biology Majors should sign this petition by the end of October, so that 
it may be presented to the Biology department faculty and 
Academic Senate. Petitions can be signed at the A.S. Office and 
also will be c irculated. Please make an effort to sig n up. 

Submitted by Henry Chu 
Commissioner of Academic Affa irs 

"Mandatory" meeting Today at 
4:30 pm in the Revelle Formal 
Lounge. Be there! 

2nd floor). Everyone welcome .. .tor __________________________ -, 
more information, ca ll Seth Munter I Th ' I t ' s passed 452-4450 IS reso u Ion wa . 

. unanimously at the A.S. Meeting 

IAN HUNTER 
ALBUMS 

at: 

• I 1 A. S. S 0 R TED !!~ 
AVAILABLE 

your record and tape 
CO-OP 

Open 10-5 p .m. 
Mon-Fri 

Catch the concert 
tomorrow night 
8:00 p.m. - Gym 

October 14, 1981. 

lAihereas, in Africa, Asia and Latin 
America over 10 million b abies fed 
on infantformula sufferfrom "bottle 
ba b y d isease " - d ia rrhea , 
malnutrition, brain damage, and 
death - every year; and, 

Whereas, in poor countries infant 
formu la can cost up to 60% of a 
family's income, thus forc ing 
moth e rs t o d ilute it a n d 
undernourish the child; and, 

Wh er eas , Ne st le emp lo y s 
tehcniques such as advertising in 
the mass media; supply colorful 
pos t ers and free medical 
equ ipment to hosptials; offer g ifts 
to doctors to enl ist the i r 
endorsements; and employ "milk 
nurses" - soles people in medical 
uniforms to sell their products to 
mothers in the hospital to 
aggressively persuade millions of 
women to stop b reast feeding and 
use formulas; and 

Whereas, for over eight years 
nutr i t i on i sts , doctors and 
concerned people have present-
ed reports to Nestle showing that 
their p romotion is contributing to a 
"bottle baby disaster"; and , 

Whereas, desp ite the mounting 
criticisms. Nestle has made the 
most inconsequential changes in 
its promotion methods; 

Whereas, Students voting on last 
Spring 's refe rendum quest ion 
opposed the continued sale of 
Nestle 's products in cafeterias, 
snack bars and vending machines 
on the UCSD campus; and 

Therefore, Be It Resolved that in 
accord.Jnce with the referendum 
question and following results, that 
the .ASUCSD Council ask for the 
remova l of a ll Nestle products from 
all campus cafeterias, snack bars 
and vending machines until the 
company stops a ll promotions 
contributing to the "baby bottle 
disaste('. ~------- Anti-Tuition Bill Kept Alive --------, 

In a major victory for the U.C Student Lobby. the State Legi~latu~e 
has kept alive until 1982 legislation to stop the UniverSIty of Ca lifornIa 
from charging tuition. 

Last month the State Assembly voted 51 to 19 to pa ss leg islat ion 
- proposed by the U C Student Lobby - to remove a ny financial 
Incentive Uc. offiCials might hove to Impose tUlt Ion on students who 
are California reSidents. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Although the State Senate had passed the measure on a. 23-10 

vote last May It refused to adopt minor changes made In the 
legislatIon oy the Assembly On a 19-14 vote. he Senatesentthe bill 
- SB 963 (authored by Senator Nielsen from DavIs) - to a Senate-
Assembly conference committee to come up With compromises 
acceptable to both legislative houses 

Student lobbYIst Paul Rogers notes that the U C Studen t Lobby 
successfully persuaded both leglslalive houses to prevent tUition thiS 
year by tying a condition to the Unlversity·s billion dollar state gran t 
stating that If UC charges tUit iOn. Its grant WIll be reduced by an 
equa l amount This leaves U.c. officials with no incenlive to opt for 
tuit ion 

'With our legislation we are trying to eliminate the incentive for 
U.c. to charge tUition permanently," expla ins Rogers. . 

"Next year we're going to get the conference commIttee s report 
adopted by both houses. once and for a ll. and to the ,Governor for 
his sig nature." p redicts Rogers "And when we do, wo II make sure 
that U C tokes every reasonable step to tighten Its belt before 
turnIng to students and asking us to pay for the ineffiCiency and 
duplication In the UnIverSity's 5:: 7 billion bureaucra~ " ___ _ 

Wednesday. October 28, 1981 at 
12 noon the UCSD CalPlRG Local 
Board Organizational Meeting will 
meet to: update students on status 
of CaIPIRG; select three corporate 
board directors; discuss hiring a 
campus coord inator; and to 
propose and discuss UCSD Cal PlRG 
act ivit ies. For more information, 
please call Lori Guardiano at 236-
1508. 

Ma rxist·Fem l n l st Study Group 
Wednesday, October 21 a t 5:00 pm 
we w ill hold an organizational 
meeting for a weekly Marxist-
Fem inist study group. You don't 
need any heavy Marxist or Feminist 
bac kground to partiCipate. We 
want to learn together. Come to 
the Women's Resource Center next 
to the Food Co-op and let's share 
some ideas. 

Women's Center Welcome The 
staff people of the New UCSD 
Women's Resource Center invite 
you to attend our first Women's 
Center Welcome. Come share 
refreshments. meet the wonderful 
staff and find out what is new 
about the WRC. This year we want 
to focus on oil women on campus. 
That is a pretty broad focus. Come 
and share your needs a nd 
concerns with us so we ca n get 
started . Or just come to have a 
good time. We're in the Student 
Center next to the Food Co-op. 
Thursday, October 22 from 2:30 -
4:00 pm. 

Monday, O ctober 19, 1981 The UCSD Gua rdian 9 

EA~: giving education an international look 
,OHII IIII "I : .' pa1!e.-. 
well. T he s t aff in S pain was 
a lso excellent!" she said. 

Coates lived in a "hostel" 
(boarding house) during part 
of her year abroad and spen t 
the rest of the year in an 
apartmen t . Since the UC 
Program encourages indepen-
dence, students mus t research 
their own housing options. 

Aside from attend ing a lot of 
" c heap " c u ltural per for -
mances, Terry also worked 
with the Amnesty Interna-
tional group in Madrid. She 
met a lot of friends t h rough the 
organization (to which she is 
a lso affiliated in t he states), 
and considers it a valuable 
experience. 

"You tend to Qu est ion a lot 
of t hings your country does, in 
terms of foreign policy when 
you are in a smaller country 
like Spain ," T erry said . 
Political awareness was one of 
the greater learning exper-
iences of her year, s he said . 

Terry recomend s the EAP to 
all studen ts, especially older 
and re-en try studen ts who 
may not think t hey are 

Class & Lecture 
at our Open Hous e 

this weekend! 
6 & 7:15 pm, Fri., Oct.23 
2 & 3 pm, Sat. , Oct. 24 

Highly trained Instruc lors from 
Indlil 

Call 455-7079 or 
294-9414 

Yoga & Meditation 
School 

Lower level of Newberry's 
Valley C .. nte r 

E 
SKATERS! 

We sell all skate-
boarding equipment 
for less than anyone 

else. We '/I 
SAVE YOU B U C KS! 

We carryall makes of 
s kateboard equ ip-

ment . a nd we a re the 
only man u fact u rerof 

CUSTOM COMPOSITE 
DECKS! 

UNC LE WIGGL EY 
SKATEBOARDS 

455 - 978 2 

SORRENTO 
VALLEY 

.CIPPIa (JiLtOl] 
ROBOTS 

Computer Systems for 
BUSINESS and SCIENCE 

• DATABASE • SIMULATION 
• PLANNING • ANALOG 
• STATISTICS • DIGITAL 
• GRAPHICS • SALES 
• ACQUISITION • SERVICE 

S-V A ) 452-0101 
SORRENTO VALLEY ASSOCIAT£.S 
11722 SORRENTO VALLEY RD. 

SAN DIEGO. CALIFORNIA 9212t 

eligible . 
"There's a lot to see and a lot 

of opportunity for travel. I t 
was really a nice experience," 
she concluded . 
"Meles h bukra inch allah" 

"That 's the attitude you 
have to take if you want to live 
in Cairo l " said Groff Bitner of 
the city which has been in the 
news quite often since his 
return . 

In Ca iro, Bitne r learned how 
the people feel a bout Anw ar 
Sadat, the recently assassi-
nated leader of Egypt . 

"Among the poor people, 
mosl liked Sada t. The more 
religious people , (they were 
l ike t h e ' Is lamic Moral 
Majori ty ') didn 't like Sadat ," 
said Bitner. " Most of the 
wealthy people were apathet ic 
towards the govern ment. 

" Egyp ti a n s a r e ve r y 
defens ive about t heir coun try . 
Politically they are violent; 
personally they are safe." 
Therefore, the streets of Cairo 
were safe, he concluded . 

Bitne r defin ed the dress of 
different class Egyptians as 
ranging from traditional robes 

layaways 
now 
available 

KONICA F5-1 
camera with 40mm f/1 .8 
lens. Reg. $280.88 
SALE $249.88 
Included is $55 Discount 
Coupon Booklet 

ProMaster® 
Wide-Ana Ie 28mm 
f2.8 Multi-cocited LENS. 
reg. $99.50 
SALE $69,50 

COLLAGE FRAME 
(96 x 20 with glass) 
Reg. $19.95 
SAL E $9.9 7 
BLOWER BRUSH 
(Large Size) Reg. $2.95 
SA LE $ 1.4 7 

b1uarry~ C a ble 
Release Reg $4.95 
SALE $2.4 7 

Quarry " Heavy Duty 
Camera Strap 
Reg. 57.95 
SALE $1 .99 

to Wes tern - influen c ed 
fa shions . Trad itiona l farm 
women dress in long, black 
robes. whereas middle- and-
upper class women tend to 
dress in Wes tern -s tyled 
clothing, such as tight jeans 
and scarves, he said. 

"The upper-class WDmen 
will dress very Western; this is 
superficial. They are really 
very modest. It was very hard 
to know what was acceptable 
and what was n't acceptable. 
They don't t hink Western. 
T hey th ink Americans are all 
very immora l ," B it n er 
explained . 

"The upper-class (Egypt-
ians ) t reat t he lower class very 
poorly," he said . And living in 
a three bedroom apartment in 
the heart of Cairo enabled 
Bi tner to get acquainted with 
many of the native Egyptians. 

T he American Univers ity in 
Cairo (AUe ) is organ ized along 
American line, and because 
the language of instruction is 
Englis h, Bitner didn 't have 
many problems with the 
language. " I could manage 
enough togetaround."he said . 

BELL Be HOWELL 
35LScamera with built-in 
flash. Reg. $59.95 
SALE $44.95 
Included is a $22 Discount 

Booklet 

style TRIPOD ' 
Reg. 39.95 
SALE $29.95 
Quorry® CT 21 
Tripod Reg. $24.95 
SALE $19.95 

~Et: 
All styles of our entire stock 
of BINOCULARS 
MOVIE 
EQUIPTMENT 
Our entire stock of Movie 
Cameras and Projeclors 
SUPPLIES ARt LIMITED 
Our entire stock of 
Books and 
Periodicals 

Our entire stock of B/ Wand 
COLOR DARKROOM 
PAPER. And all Darkroom 
Accessories and 

FASHION VALLEY 298-8010 
U.TOWNE CENTRE 453-1321 

ons: 
Downlown Son Diego. 
Santee. & G rossmonl 

"Overall , I liked it," said 
Bitner of his experience in a 
culture qu ite different from 
his own in the States. 

Some of his more memorable 
experiences include, "sleeping 
on the pyramids to watch the 
sun rise," to the tune of Pink 
Floyd's "Dark Side of the 
Moon," and renting a fi shing 
boat for a trip to the is lands of 
the Red Sea_ " It was great 
f I" un. 
"Sprechen s ie De utsch?" 

TId y Bor nemi sz a was 
inspired to ret urn to Germany 
through the EAP after a work 
experience in Germany during 
the summer of 1979. 

Bornemisza worked in a 
ps yc hiatri c c li n ic doing 
physical therapy work with 
patient s a s pa rt of an 
Intern ational Work Experi-
ence in w hich he par t icipated 
through West Valley College. 

" I thought it was a good 
experience for me because 
they gav e lJ'l e lots of 
respons ibility." s he said. 

T he blonde-ha ired biology 
major has had a work ing 
knowledge of the German 

language ince he was almost 
10 years old. Therefore, the 
language at the Georg-August 
Univers it y at Goettingen , 
Germany, was no problem. 
She also aid that being a 
science major , the equations 
and symbols were mu ch t he 
same. Engli sh i a second 
language for G erma n s, 
althou~h , "they don't like to 
u 'e it,' s he aid. 

Bornemi za was the on ly 
Amer ican st udent livi ng in her 
student hou ing. Most of the 
othe r American sl udents were 
living in the "t udenten dorf," 
an area which she frequented 
when she wanted companion-
ship. 

"German ~tuden ts are hard 
to get to know. Your best bet is 
to join club. I played soccer 
and went to church." she ald. 
"When you are put into a 
dorm-living situation, you 
can't expect everyone to 
your friend, so it takes a while 
to meet people wit h your own 
interests," he said. The 
"kitchens" were al'o place. to 
socialize after dinner when a 

plca.,(, IUI' II 10 p ilgt· 10 

SAVE 10 thru 30% 

Quarry-Ma ste R 
CLOSEFOCUS 80-
205mm f / 4 .5 
ZOOM LENS 
Reg. $159.95 
SALE $139.95 
AIoolloble In Minella Nkon. Olympus co 
Penta, K and U"""""" thread mounts 

Quarry-Master® 
2x Multi-coated 
TELECONVERTER 
Reg . $39.95 
SALE $29.95 

SAVE ON BLANK VIDEOCASSETTES 
Two-Pack Offer 

Example' Fuji VHS T-1 2O. Reg $16.95 EACI-
BUY TWO at $14.95 each. SAVE $4 

SAVE ON TRI-X 
BLACK AND WH ITE FILM 

TX 135-20 Exposures Reg 5130 SAlE $1 .59 
TX 135-36 exposures Reg 5255 SAlE $2 .29 

Limit 5 rol ls per customer 

1/3 OFF these items 
Selected Carry-All Gadget BAGS Reg $1495 
to $1995 NOW ON SALE FOR $9.96 to $13.30 

Quarry-Optics I CLOSEUP FILTER KIT Sizes 49mm 
52mm. S5mm. 59mm Reg $10 95 SALE $13.30 

Coast 35XC ENLARGER Reg 58995 SALE $59.95 

~,;,otomat 
Il.....lJCamera Stores 



10 Tbe UCSDGuarJljan Monday, October 19, 1981 

EAP: acadentia \\lith a foreign flavor 
l'lllll i '"h ' ,j I ., pal!,'!1 
lot of the s tudent s had 
discussions, 

"German students are much 
opposed to nuclear arms. For 
thi ' rea on, they are opposed 
to Pre ident Ronald Reagan. 
T hey are a lot more politically 
oriented than are American 
tudents," he aid . 
Bornemisza also bought a 

Eurail Pas which enabled her 
to travel for s ix weeks 
throughout Greece, Ital y, 
France and Hungary. he also 
vi ' ited relative in Hungar> 
duri n g her Chri s tma s 
vacation. 

When asked if she had any 
u n iq ue experiences, s he 
laughingly said, "r found a 
boyfriend!" 

And, "the Oktoberfe L is 
really great! There were 
tourists there from all overthe 
world. It was the biggest thing 
in Germany!" 'he added , 

A far a ' social iz ing went, 
she said , " I learned to like beer. 
They (t he German people) 
don't drink to get drunk, they 
drink to socialize." 

.. It (EAP) is a really good 
program. It teache ' you to be 

more independent and mature. 
Even if you lose credits, it 's 
sti ll worth it. I'd do it again if I 
could!" 

Bornemisza plans to fini sh 
her education at UCSD next 
year and hopes to return to 
Germany for medical schooL 
"Ca m e manque!" 

Bill Clabby came back from 
hi s education abroad program 
with a French accent. a beret 
and a "year and 12 days" 
worth of experience . 

Clabby ' tudied at the 
Univer ity of Bordeaux, which 
was the first UC Study Center 
abroad . The language of 
instruction wa French, 
which he had studied for one· 
and·a·half year prior to his 
experience. 

"The language was my 
major focu s for a long time. I 
tried to 'bathe' myself in the 
language by getting involved 
in iLuation with the French 
people," he aid, 

Clabby was one of four 
UC D s tud ents at the 
univer ity, and they, in turn, 
were joined by 38 ot her 
studenLs from t he UC system, 
However, that didn 't limit hi 

The hIghest standards are always the hardest to achieve. 
Yet they re also the most rewarding. 

At General DynamICs ' ElectrOnics DiVISion we're 
commItted to excellence In the applicatIOn of advanced 
technology to the deSign, development and manufacture of 
electronic systems and components. 

We're also committed to prOVIde challenging .. responsible 
assignments and many avenues for career growth to those 
who Join us. 

If your degree IS in Electrical/Electronic . Computer 
Science, Mathematics, Systems Engineering, Systems 
AnalYSIS, PhYSICS, Mechanical. Industrial or ManufactUring 
Engineering, BUSiness AdminlstrallOn , Finance or Economics 

experience with the "more 
intellectual" French students. 

"We (the Americans) didn 't 
study heavily," he said . The 
French students were more 
se r ious abou t tu d yi ng 
becau 'e if they fai led one 
course, it meant Lhey failed the 
whole year. In this aspect , the 
French educat ional system 
differed from the US," he aid . 

Clabby found the French 
students "fascinated with 
Ameri ca n s, e s pe c ially 
Californians! " He recalls one 
in tance when he purchased a 
Frisbee and proceeded to play 
with a group of students. 

"They were so afraid to 
make a mistake! Sports to 
them is more like training. 
The French are not heavily 
ath letic," he said. 

The American student also 
to ld of one unique experience 
as a ski in tructor in the 
Pyranee ·. He wa one of the 
in tructor for a group of 50 
high school students during a 
week vacation. 

Clabby, a recently· turned 
French Literature major also 
became an experienced 
traveler, maki ng stops in 

Greece , Germany, Austria, 
Spain and the Southern Coast 
of France. 

He was also downtown the 
,night of France's pres idential 
e lections w hen Fra ncoi 
Mitterrand was voted into the 
office. Clabby wore his French 
beret and fit right into the 
throng of peopl e brought 
together by a common cause. 

"It was '0 lively!, ' he said . 
But he quickly left the cene 
when he noticed a group of 
Frenchmen lighting the 
American flag on fire , 

" I think in about two years 
I'll go back," said Clabby. who 
is now beginning to cheris h his 
French accent and the 
memorable experiences of hi 
year abroad. 
Dzemma-yang? 

Aileen Chain was one of nine 
UCSD students st udying 
abroad t the Chinese 
University of Hong Kong, "a 
beautiful campu carved out of 
a mountain on the island of 
Hong Kong." 

Although the sc h oo l 
specialize in the Cantonese 
and Mandarin languages, a 
few courses are taught in 

we'd like to talk With you about your opportuni ties at 
Electronics. 

See your campus placement oHlce to arrange an Interview. 
Or, send your resume 10 : College Relations Coordinator, 
General Dynamics ElectroniCS Division . Mail Zone 7·32, 
P.O. Box 81127, San Diego, CA 92138. 

And find out Just how rewarding our mulual commitment 
can be. 
An equal opportunity employer 

GENERAL DYNAMICS 
Electronics Division 

Campus interviews October 30. 

English. Many signs also 
provide English translat ion 
w h ic h he l ps America n 
students, 

C h a in attende d the 
univer ity to learn the Chinese 
characters. The course was 
structured so that student· 
could learn 1,000 of the unique 
sym boIs. "] t wa . a challenge!" 
she sa id . 

Chain al '0 made an effort at 
s pea king the C hine se 
language, and she thoughL 
that having two Chine e 
roommate ' in the dorm would 
help, As it turned out, her 
roommates also wanted to 
learn Engli h, their second 
language, 

" Hong Kong is a British 
colony, so they have two 
languages : Chine s e and 
English. The majority of the 
classes are taught in Chinese, 
but everything was trans· 
lated ," she said . 

The friendly UCSD senior 
said the Chinese students 
were, "k ind of he itant to get 
to know us. I think they had a 
preconceived notion a bout 
exchange students; that we're 

1)1t.-'c l "-! ' · IllI"" til pagl' :.!( J 

The UCSD 
Guardian 

Coffee lIul , B·016 
La Jolla, CA 92093 

Editoria l Department : 
(71-1) 152':3468 

Di , play and Clas ... ified 
Ad\'en i!-o ing: 

(71.1 ) .J 52':W16 
EIJIIOIiIO\I. 

ED I TO H: !',' IH ~1 "rI~n"n 
,\ SSOC I,\TE :\'I::\\S EDITOR: 
1."iI S" IIl",n OPI:I110N EUI. 
TORUI. EDITOR : K.In<l \ 11 111 
SPO R TS ED IT O R : 1< , h,'" 
\"'opild ri "11 ,\ HT !'I EUI TOI~ : 
\ nrit, ·\\ ).."" 1,,, 'iUI:::\,CI·. EIl I . 
TOR: I) . H 0;'- I r":,,'h EI HTOI/ · 
/'\1. · 111 '01.\'1£'0;' LlAI'oO .\' : 
l.\m·I1 , 1"," ST.\ FF '\I/ITEI~S : 
!"llil r,Ir \\t"11 TUll J'1l "\\l'11 
l;II - T11dll . ~ "q' ,11 1 h.-him.> 11'lrciln 

Pl'~\ 1\ \· ... . .... '·ClII \1I,'un, \ 'akn 
An dl'r .... :'\lInq I.l't· , KKk { ' ('l"t'nc.: . 

\KT 
PIIOTOGRAPHY ED ITOR : 
I'hllh ~ Da\l '... . STAFF P HOTO· 
GR APII E HS: Jrnll ) KlIbe""tn . Ii .. b 
Frledenlh"\. Adam Anger.-

PRODIJCTION 
H EA D TYPE ETTER: Valerie 
McMull,n. T\' PE ETTERS: Da\ld 
Eckmann. hari lyn Hovind, Susan 
WIl,ett.rd. PA STE· UP: Mark 
Wil son, Tom Rankin, Melan ie 
Nell"tn . Marna Alcoulou mre. Ellen 
K;u-hlinc 

BUS INESS 
G ENERA L MANAGER: ehri , 
Milke A I TANT GEN E RAL 
MA NAGE R: Linda I.e",,,. REC EP· 
TION IST : Maria Cleary . lite 
Lc<tnhardl DISTRIB UTO R: Ma ll 
Flrnd \' 

TlIF l ' l SD (.t 'J\RD IA:'< puh),_h« 1 
~l {)nda~ ... ,Ind Th ur, d;I\' dUring Ih ,· 
:H:an t.'lllU \ l';U In "ud l'n l ... o r t hI' 
I ' 111 \ t'r ... ll \ ·1)1 t .ll, follll ii. SIl" IlH.'gll 
I{ t' lHudlH ll ll n or U'l' \ \ llhlllll 
ptrnl1 ...... HI!1 01 ,111\ porllCl Il of th, ... 
nt'", ,);q)!.:1 h 'Iflrth prnlll hllt.·c! ~ClI 
rt.· ... plln ... ,hll' Inr un ... o I H-,I\'cl 
111;1 nu ... a l pl... Dr ~lrI i'lw {l ,,11 
( ,uanlta" .. uh ... t t !l>t .... 10 Ih t, Fu: ld 

~l'\\'" ~{Jn It t . l ' nl\l""'i ll h 'at Uri'''' 
", \ ndUi\lt' and Ih t' P;H l fu. ~t:'\\ ... 
St'nln" 

(Wrlll·. LOl .YI HI ,n Ihl' C"U l'l' II 111 
.. otll ht.'a ... , 01 ' ht, 1<l'\t'llt ' l' nl\H ... ' · ... 
()" I " I ' II ,.)" n d I h t· 1I11 - I," 
l ·ndl·o.:rilcllltlll· t Il um.mlll .. · ... ' Ilhran 

Or FIll ' II! l('1i ~ ~1"n(1.1\ I hll '"gh 
Fnd.\\ lI il111 111.111111 

\I ,,, "' 1 ' Il~lI< I1"IIO"~ ~ 111 I'" 
qU, l lll"r 

Vol. II , No. 10 
Oct. 1 H. I 9H I 

The UCSD Guardian 
Andrew Keeler, Arts Editor The Arts Page 11 October 19, 1981 
Rock and roll and 'Shake' 

Southern Calzfornia rockers driving for success 
Nobody said rock and roll is 

easy, take for in tance the 
band hake. Recently on the 
way to a show at UCSD. Shake 
almost beca me "Push" as the 
truck carrying their equip· 
ment faltered and barely rolled 
in. When asked where the 
roadies were, drummer James 
Shattuck chuckled, "You're 
looking at 'em," referring to 
the members of the group. 

And so life goes on for this 
five·piece group from Orange 
County who describe them· 
selves as 'hard·driving rock,' 
and who are scheduled to open 
for Ian Hunter here Tuesday. 
They have been playing a lot 
around San Diego County at 
places such a ' The Little 
Bavaria , Jose Murphy' and 
The Windjammer, where 
legendary gui tarist Buddy 
Miles has been dropping in to 
jam with the group. They al 0 
performed here during 
"Welcome Week, " 

After three year of cri . 
crossing the 'tate, Shake ha 
developed a loyal following, 
Lead guitarist Ron Enos 
claims the be t response ha 
been from college t uden ts, 
"We played at Fullerton tate 
and the resr,onse was almost 
frightening. ' lame ' brother, 
Dan, echoed the sent iment. 
"College tudents work hard 
and when it's time to part y, 
they party!" 

Shake knows how to party, 
too. With a kind of rough· 
edged rock that is full of 
energy, the band pride 
them selve ' on t heir live 
performance!', A good·time, 
non·stop rock and roll assault 
is their trademark . I t ', 
apparent on their new single, 
" top Breaking My Heart." on 

BY ANDREW KEELER 
Arts Editor 

Real Direct Records. It was 
recorded live in the studio 
wit hout any mixing, and on 
the s leeve is a not e that reads: 
"This record was produced in 
the pirit of live performance 
and the tradition of early 
recording." 

Shake is enthusiastic about 
recording. Taking a break 
from their grueling tour 
schedule (overused phrase, but 
true) that includes Mammoth , 
Santa Barbara, San Luis 
Obispo a well as down here, 
they have been working on an 
album at lAM studios in 
Irvine, According to Terry 
Wright, who produced the 
single and manages the band, 
they are more concerned with 
getting the album done right 
and then taking it to a label 
that shows interest , rather 
than jump on any offer that 
come up. 

On stage the group is led by 

vocalist ue Hart. The short, 
attractive, dark· haired singer 
strikes an uncanny resem· 
blance to Pat Benatar on stage, 
which s he ay i totall y 
unintentional. She i even 
surprised when people point it 
out and notes, "t hat 's wierd, I 
have never even seen her in 
concert. " The band seems to 
be used to the cumparisons 
with any group that ha a 
female inger. Sue groans, 
"We've been told we remind 
people of Bl o nd ie, The 
Pretenders , Benatar and 
anyone else you can think of." 

Being compared to super· 
stars is a compliment, but Dan 
rea lizes that Shake is not 
Benatar or Blondie, "If you 
listen clo 'ely t here i a 
fund amental difference 
between Sue's voice and the 
other, and our music is 
tri ctl y our own." Their 

please turn to page 13 

'Awakening of Sappho ' 
at Mandeville this week 

BY GORDON HOWARD 
The premiere performance 

of The Awakening of appllO, a 
chamber opera written by 
UCS D Profe sor Will Ogdon, 
wi ll be performed along with 
several other chamber works 
this Wednesday and Thursday 
evenings at t he Mandeville 
Recital Hall. 

Ogdon 's work i~ based on a 
play wriLten in the 1930's by 
Lawrence Durrell. Durrell's 
play took t he ancient Greek 
story of the heroic struggle of 
the woma n, Sappho, agai nst 
t he tyrant, Pilticu " and used 

it as an allegory against the 
ri se of fascism in It aly, 
Germany and Spain. Ogdon' 
wife became intere ted in 
Durrell 's works and wrote an 
analysis of them which came 
to the attention of the author . 
With Durrell's permission, the 
local composer decided to 
write an opera based upon the 
pl ay in 1973. 

Howe ve r co n t r act u a l 
difficulties with Durrell 's 
publishers delayed the opera 's 
introduction. B\' 1976 Ogdon 

please lurn to paj!c J:l 

Hunter here Tues_ 
Veleran rock and ro ller, Ian Hunter 1)[ ;\OI Ul! the Hoople 

fa me "ill be in concert Tue..,da~ ntght In the gym Hunter 
ha recently released h IS slxl h ,,010 album. ' II (I/'/ 8m} .. '.\ " 
Sides, and thi .., .., ho\\, is pan ofa four·mo nth l()urofEngland, 

weden, Belegium, G rmany and the l ' . 
' ince jom ing ~lot t the H!Xlple 111 1969, H unler ha" pro\ en 

hImself as a major mfluence in rock mUSIc HI'" latesl album 
w as co· produced 1)\ :\l lck Jone.., of the C lash and \!Jck 
Hon..,on. 

For thl :-- cu rrent tour Hunter ha., assembled a nl'\\ line· 
up. Cuit ar is t I~ obert Alt ar, ba",,J.,t \I ark Clarke, drummer 
Ma rk Kaufman and ke"boardl'-t Torn \ lancld \\'111 JOin the 
:-- inger'son!,,,\ ntcr I)n " t age Hunter. \\ ho \\;)" n''''pon''lble 
for 'ouch hit-. a ... "All I he Young Dude ..... and " ,\11 I he \\'a,' 
From ;\Iemphi,,", "dl offt'r current fanlnte- such a" .:, 
' ked Your Loq,' and" LI-.a Like" I~ ( ~'k and Roll ". 

T hI'- ron L' l'rt proml "'L'''' t () bL' ;] 11 e:>.t'lt i n .~ and ent CIt a In 1Ilj.!' 
Sharing the bill \\Ith I llllltt'l I'" t hl' hand ~hahl' \"el "ton 
()pposlte l, The shOll ..,1 ar b at , p .1l1 and Ill'kel are .. -:- ;"tll fo'l' 
... t udellh and :-:1'3) for general admi ... . ion Thl' \ art' 
a\'adable at t hl' l 'EO bo:>. ,,[fice 'Ir aWI ll'ket rOil flut kf:.. . FOI 
more IIl fn ca ll 4:12· \:1:19. 

HEALTH CARE 

If you're planning a career in medicine, you owe it to 
yourself to hnd out more about the Air Force's Health 
Professional Scholarship Program, 
Qualified U.S. citizens can receIve scholarships for 
schools of medicine or osteopathy. Early application 
encouraged. 

Our Xholushlps Indude: 
-rumON 
-lOOKS 
elAll rus 
e EQUIPMENT 1fNTAl. AND S530 

MONTHLY SnPfND 
fOR DETAILS CONTACT: 

USAf Mediad Recruldns 0fIke 
.88. Commerce Center Ust, Su~ 22 Z 

S.n Bem.udlno 
(714 ) 383-5683 (CAll COLlECT) 



12 

San Francis o's masters of surr dl sa tir ! 

firesign Theatre 

"Euerything you know is wrong!" 

October 24, Saturday, 8 :00 p .m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 
Stu. $4.50, G.A. $5.50 

An Evening with Monty P ython's 

Graham 
Chapman 
November 5, Wednesday, 8 :00 p .m. 

Mandeville Auditorium 
Stu. $4.50, G.A. $5.50 

UCSD nivers il y Event s Bo", Office 
452-4559 

rresented by UCS[)'.., UnlV(>r~IIV lvl 111" Olll( (' 

The UCSDGuardian Monday. October 19. 1981 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• .. 
.. 

• .. 
.. 

• .. 
.. 

.. 

.. 

.. 

.. 

.. 

.. 

.. 

" .. 

" .. 
.. 

.. 

.. 

.. 

" .. 

" .. 
.. 

.. 

.. 

.. 

.. 

" .. 
.. 

.. 

.. 

.. 

.. 

U.E.O. Pop Events in association with KGI'PM present lOt·. 

Ian Hunter 
plus special guest 

listen to KGB 101 .5 
for Free Tickets 

and Albums 

SHAkE 

Ion Hunter 
Album 

Give-oway 
at Assorted Vinyl 

to be held 
Oc t. 16 

No purchase necessary 
Sign-up Now! 

Tuesday, October 20, 8 p.m. 
UCSD GYM 

Stu. $7.50 , GA. $8 .50 
Tickets available at Ticketron and U.E.O. Box Office 

Call 452·4559 for more information 

•••••••••••••••••••••••••••• presented by UCSD's University Events Office 

Stranger in a Strange Land 
Series 

La Merveilleuse Visite 
& Lucifer Rising 

October 21, Wednesday, 8 p.m. 
USB 2722, $1.75 

Iickets at Univers ity [vents Box Office 

~ ~ 

Monday. October 19. 1981 The UCSDGua rd ia n 

T hi s photo of the band Shake was taken during their recent tour of Northern Cal ifornia. (I.r) 
J a mes Sha ttuck, Ron Enos, Su e Hart, Ray Rosales and Dan Shattuck. They'll be he re T uesday. 

Shake: the rock and the road 
cont inued from page II 
"own" music comes from a 
variety of backgrou nds, from 
Cream to Tom Petty and from 
The Monkeys to Joni Mitchell. 
"We listen to all kinds of 
music. as long a it' done 
well. " 

With all five members 
writing and contribut ing 
songs and all with vocal 
abi lities. diversity plays a key 
role. Dan explain'. "with one 
person writingall the material 
it starts to sound all t he same 
and ca n get stal . We are 
constant Iy trying new things 
and everyone is working 
roget her." 

This abi lit y to work 
together is vital to hakl;!'s live 

'Sappho ' 
continlled h'om page I I 
had decided to shorten the full-
fledged opera into a more 
compact work. Accordingly he 
took four scenes from the 
opera that conveyed the gist of 
the story and message , 
reworking them into a 40-
minute piece. 

The part of Sappho will be 
sung by the composer's wife 
Beverly. The three major male 
parts will all be sung by Philip 
Larson, who has performed on 
many occasions here . 
[n ·trumentation i ' sparse, 
wit h a solo harp accompany-
ing the singers in the first 
scene, a solo piano in the 
~econd. a solo viola in the 
third. and a fi ve- piece 
ensemble in the final scene. 

The fi rst halfoftheprogram 
will consist of vario us 
c hamber works; a so lo 
cont raba~s piece written and 
played by LCD professor 
Bert Turetsky; two songs by 
Anton Webern performed by 
<;oprano Carol Plantamura. 
also a faculty member: Sports 
alld J)il'l'I'~ioJ/s by French 
composer Erik Satie. and 
Cradle, a piece played on th 
tubular drums written by yet 
another lJC D clef-scribner, 
Robert Erickson. Musical 
Director for th entire 
program is jean -Charles 
Francois. and st age director 
for t h opera is Marius Zirra . 

Tickets are a\'allabl at th 
Box Office or at the M u. ic 
Depart m 'nt office at '3 
general admi;.slol1. and $1 
"i t udent adm ission. 

shows according to Rosales. 
"Our performances are flu id 
and that comes from work in~ 
as a unit and getting along. 
Their last concert here was a 
good example as the crowd in 
the Muir Cafeteria responded 
with overwhelming enthu-
siasm. 

Playing before hundreds or 
thou 'ands of people is a feeli ng 
the band can really enjoy. 
remembering how a few years 
back they were playing to a 
crowd of two in the Shattuck 
living room. And those two 
were not alwav~ ardent fans, 
as James remembers . "I think 
my parents got a little too rock 
and rolled out back then." 

Performing live is till the 
force that drives the five 

members. Dan summed up the 
attitude, "You get a rush from 
seeing the people night after 
night, and we would rather do 
that then spend all day in a 
studio. We all like a day off 
now and then, but we like the 
work." It's a good thing this 
group likes to work, because 
that's what they have in store. 
They realize that you don't 
become successful by being 
lazy. After Tuesday" concert 
in the gym. hake" ill 
probably pack it up and make a 
long trek to an Francisco or 
Mammoth. 

Enos had the best outlook of 
the whole situation. "You get 
to do a lot of travellin~ and 
meet lots of nice people.' Talk 
about seeing the bright side. 

J aclyn Smith doesn't 
cut it as Kennedy 

By MIKEL TOOMB 
jacqueline Houvier Kennedy 

had all t he earmarks of a Camp 
clas ic, lelevi ·ion·style. 

The first tip-off was the 
choice of lead players, a rat her 
dreary lot that included Rod 
Taylor, James Franciscus and 
jaclyn Smith in the title role . 
The least promising 'eemed to 
be Smith, a blandly beautifu l 
woman whose resemblance to 
1BK could urely be no more 
than skin· and name·deep, an 
"actress" whose performan-
ces on Charlie's A ngeis were so 
utterly undistinguished that 
sh wa;, easily upstaged by the 
likes of Kate Jackson and 
Farrah Fawcet t-Majors. 

The second warning signal 
was a promotional commercial 
:. ' I echoed the most familiar 
SO •• I) opera cliches imaginable, 
all delivered with deadpan 
earnest ness . 

Initi a l appearances were 
deceiving. howe\'er. jacquelinc 
HUIII 'icY Kl'lIIlcdv (October 1-l 
on ARC ) turns (lUt to be not a 
soap-orific, ovcrmelodramat ic 
laugher. but rat her a relaxed, 
well-mad film wit h a cert ain 
measme of quiet charm . 

That is not to say j BA' isn't 
unreali!oot IC in its own way; it is 
cert ainly t hat. john Kennedy 
(played here. with fluct uat ing 
ace 'nl. hy an unconvincing 
james Franciscu ~) was a mOst 
complicated and chari~mal ic 
m an and his \\ lfe, I hough her 
qualltll's may ha\'e been a bit 
morr rlu"i"r. had to DOSS!''iS a 

certain great some/hill/( to 
attract first a future President 
of the United States, then later 
one of t he world 's richest men. 
This film portrays them -
and their world - without 
apparent complexities. 
choo'ing to present their 
relationship as just another, 
albeit unusual, privileged love 
affair. 

The at tempt at lyricism 
isn 't a new approach. but it's 
an idea t hat seems curiously 
out·of·tim . The Kenned y 
Administration was fondly 
pictured in its day a:" 
"Camelot" (as does this filml . 
but that dream was shattered 
by JFK 's assassination 
(represented ()blique l~' here by 
a slow-mot ion Air Force One 
ascending to the hea\(' n!ool and 
subsequent disclosures . 
. evert hell'ss. t he maker~ of 
j{/cqlll'fiJll' ROif/ ' il'/' A'l'IllIl'tly 
insist on their poetic 
inl erpret at ion and t he act or" 
reinforce I he mood b\ theIr 
second·hand line reading". the 
effect being that of people 
reliving their li\'es wit h the 
benrfit of 20-year·hindslght. 

Th only real revelat ion 
here is jaclyn llllth . She 
do sn't come close to 
capt uring the essence of her 
character, but she does one 
damn good Mary Tyler Moore 
impression. That ma~ not 
seem like much. but undert he 
circumstance" it is impreSSI\'c 
Indcl.'d . 

Trio Music 
with 

ChicR Corea 
keyboards 

Roy Haynes 
drums 

MirosIav 
Vitous 

bass 
October 27, T uesday, 7:30 & 10 p.m . 

Mand eville Auditorium 
G.A.: O r c h . $ 12 .00, M. Floor $10.00 

November 1. unda_ , 8:00 p .m . 
Mandeville Auditorium 

t u . $6.50, G .A . $7 .50 

Jeff £aroer ffusiaTJ 
Novembe r 6, Frid a _ , 8 :00 p.m. 

Ma nde iIIe Audi torium 
G .A. .00 

D U ni e r lo it vent s Bo , O n i e 
452-4559 
Pll'''~'I1Il'ci hI,. lie ' [)'" UI1I\ll ~III,. h ('Ill'. Olllu' 

13 



14 

WOMt:N'S CENTER wr:LCOMt: 
The staff people of the New UCSD Women's 
Resource Center invite you to attend our first 
Women's Center Welcome, Come share 
refreshments, meet the wonderful staff and find 
out what is new about the WRC. 

THURSDAY, OCTOBfR 22,1981 
2:30 p.m. to 4:00 p.m. 

'--___ WOMEN'S CfNT[R ___ ~ 

high speed 

FREE 
COLLATING 

NO MINIMUM 
FREE 

Pick up & Delivery 
for more than 
1000 copies 

MAGIC 
COPY 

XEROX 9500 
It you need lugh-quality COPIes in a hurry 

Xerox 

Velo-Bind 
Covers: 

CompoSition 
Transparent 

Plastic 
Paper Book 

It you need large documents reduced toconveruenl Size copies 
11 you need 2-stded copIes 
Insta ntly sorted and collated mto sets 

Bring Your Copy Jobs To Our 

COFYSHOP 
6512 J El Cajon Blvd 
San Diego, Ca. 92115 
(714) 582-6445 

Aragon Plaza 
(By Daisy's Rest't) 

Mon·Fri 7:00-9:00 Sat 8c Sun 9:30-6:30 

~3Gv LET'S GROOVE ~ :;: TONITE 
-::~~AASA presents 

What: 
The 
~~''\''''''' ... ~October Dance 

~When: J 
' October 23 
7 p.m.-1 o.m. 
·Where: 
lMuir Commons 

How: "'---"---=- & Ballroom 
i3.00 advonce $3.50 door 
irJ'w do you spell relief? 
spg:nsored by 
Asian American Students 

Alliance 
~OU()d5 )weet Productions 

c!lic Slogurf cJ1flair 
~ frozen 
yogurt 

creations 
25(: off 

"IIV pUt. II,," " 
"r ~ I()O III 111111 ,' 

Oll l'l l" PIlt''' :'Ilonel a)·. Oct oht'r I ~ ) 
I () :~o Tltl'l't''\ I'illl· ... I<oad 

at Il l·,· ... t'lll'l 
Lol .I olin 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, October 19, 1981 

Calendar 
fOld II;, • " 

71~Opm - Women's Volleyball \IS. Westmont College in the 
Matn gym, free. Come see the NCAA #1 rated team in action. 

SATURDAY 
Ilam - UCSO's men's and women's cross country meet vs. 
Chapman college, USD, and the San Diego Track Club. At the 
UCSD Cross Country Course. Free. 
7:30pm - Women's Volleyball \IS. Cal Lutheran in the Main 
Gym. Free. 

religious 
MONDAY 
Spm - The Catholic Community holds Daily Mass 
Mondaythru Friday. At the University Lutneran Church fLa Jolla 
Shores Drive and Torr~ Pines). 
7pm - Message from God to: All ~ children. You'~ only go 
One Life to U~, 50 make it count. Check out Campus Crusade 
for Christ's Monday night meeting. 7pm fthe edge of night) in 
the Chancellor's Complex, Rm. III-A. 
7:30pm - Spiritual Ouest sponsored by Lutheran Campus 
Ministry: "jesus Christ - the Central Fact of Our Faith, " led by 
Rev. John Huber. Open to all. At the lounge of University 
lutheran Church on 9595 La Jolla Shores Drive, across the 
street from Revelle College. 
TUESDAY 
12noon - Lutheran and other students gather for fellowship 
and lunch at the Revelle College Dell. Look for Amy Kaufman 
and Dave McPherrin. 
7:30pm - Lutheran/Catholic/Episcopal Convenant 
Committee meets in the Pastor's Study at University Lutheran 
Church. 
9-1 0:30pm - DISCOVERY. Join other students on ajourney 
to discover the Scriptures alive in our every day lives . Sponsored 
by the Catholic Community at UCSO at the University Lutheran 
ChurCh on La Jolla Shores and Torr~ Pines. 
WEDNESDAY 
6:30pm - First meeting Episcopal students group, to form a 
club. Plan for future actMties. Blake Hall, 4th noor lounge. Free, 
TliURSDAY 
S:45pm - Student Dinner: join other students for good food 
.3nd company every Thurs at 5:45. Sponsored by the University 

• :atholic Community, this will be held at the University 
_utheran Church f corner of La Jolla Shores and Torrey Pines Rd. 
51 Donation. 
7pm - Catholic/Episcopal/Lutheran Social Action Group 
meets at the Catholic Lounge at University lutheran Church. 
7pm - Social Action Comittee: join other students in 
outreach programs to live the gospel message. Sponsored by 
the Catholic Community at UCSD. At University Lutheran 
Church. 
FRIDAY 
3pm - Calvary Chapel Bible Study: come and really TGIF. Join 
other campus Christians to worship and draw near to the Lord 
through the 'NOrd. fNondenominationa/, all welcomell Tioga 
Hall, Rm. n02. 
6:JOpm - UC Oneg Shabat sponsored by the Union of 
Jewish Students. join us for this spec/al Oneg where our guest 
speaker will talk about "The History of Jewish Life at UCSD." At 
the International Center. No admission charged. 
7:30pm - InteNarsity Christian Fellowship. Come for 
fellowshIp and a speaker. Mel Friesen will speak on 
stewardship of gifts, tIme, and resources. North Conference 
Rm. 

SATURDAY 
12noon - Medical Students Retreat join other med students 
on a retreat In ju "an Saturday-Sunday afternoon to share faith 
and medIcal Issues Sponsored by the CatholiC Community at 
UCDS. Contact Daniel Acton at 455-7978 for location 
Donations accepted. 
Spm - Catholic Mass at the University Lutheran ChurCh. 

SUNDAY 
8:JOam - Catholic Mass at the University Lutheran ChurCh. 
lOam - Lutheran Communion seNice with Stephen Scot-
Shepherd as SOloist, followed by followed by "feedback" with 
Dr. Cnswell. At University Lutheran Church, 9595 La Jolla 
Shores Drive. 
IO:JOam - Catholic Community Sunday Mass at the 
University wtheran ChurCh. 
II: I Sam - "Moon, Space and Humanity" will be presented 
by Dr. David Criswell, viSiting research physic/st from the Lunar 
and Planetary Institute in Houston. At the lounge of University 
lutheran Church. 
11:15am - University Worship Service of College Avenue 
Baptist ChurCh. Special music. testimonies, and message 
geared to the particular needs of College age adults. Sunday 
college level Bible seminars B:45 and 10:00 am. 4747 College 
Ave near SDSU. 
12noon - Episcopal Worship. Celebration of the Eucharist. 
Open to all. at the University Lutheran Church. 
Spm - Calholic Mass at the Unlverity Lutheran Church 

p h ,' IIII t fl p .I). . .!, I 

The UCSD Guardian 
Tom Urbach, Science Eaitor Science Page 15 October 19, 1981 
What's a SCURI? 

BY JOE FALLETTA 
So you're an undergraduate 

student with a new idea, a 
personal interest that goe ' 
beyond classroom in ·truct ion. 
You' ve even planned a 
,research project arou nd it hut 
you don't know where tostart: 
you can't take that first st ep. 
Besides, that stuff takes 
money you don' I have and you 
know where all the research 
grants are going the 'e days. 

That' s what you think. 
If you haven't checked into 

the SCURI office on campus 
you may be 'elling yourself 
short and talking yourself out 
of a worthwhi le experience 
and a rewarding research 
project. 

Located above the game 
room in t he offices of the 
EDNA student center, the 
Student Center for Under· 
graduate Research and 
Innovation (SCURI ) offers 
information on grant 
application. proposal writing 
and facult y sponsors as well as 
funding for wort hwhile , 
innovative projects. 

SCURI Coordinator Frances 
Matsumoto says s tudent s 
come to SCURf with any of a 
variety of project: from 
filmmaking 10 cancer s tudy to 
abalone research . The main 
criteria for award of a grant 
state the project must be 

plt'uM' IIIi'll '" pug.· II; 

W elcotne to Scripps 
BY STEVE YOUNG 

How do you get a frcc seal 
show and guided lour of the 
Scripps Aquariums? Eit her 
become a Guardian Science 
relXJrter or read the Guardian 
Science Bulletin Board. Dr. 
Fred Whit e of Scripps 
phys iological research lab 
ga v e a hi s t o r y o f the 
laboralor), and an oven'iew of 
what the ' lxJYs in the lab' are 
u p to. 

"The feasi bi lilY of deep sea 
nucl ear W,h le dum ping is 
be1l1g "Iu dicd. T here arc 
certain h,l(t ('I'1 <1 \ \ hich li ve as 
far down as the Marri anncs 
T rcnch. Jl earl ~ seven miles 

Engineers: 

deep at pressures exceeding 
one hu ndred at mosphere ' . 
When these bacteria die, they 
relea se lipids which f10al to t he 
surface. These lipids can carry 
radioact ive waste. This is a 
s triking reminder that 
pollution anyw here in this 
small world can affect all of us, 
even from the 'isolat ed, quiet 
depths .' 

*Th e pressure c hanges 
l' X per ienccd by d i \. er'i ca n !call 
to the ·bend .... \\"h ich are t hl' 
result of ni tro.~en gas bubbl c" 
in t he blood sl rl'a m. Sc rip!>" 

~c i enll s l s are st udying bubble 
pll·"",t· IIII'll III pagt' I () 

CAREERS OF THE 
HIGHEST DEGREE! 
We started by developing the first successful elec-
tronic thermometer now used world wide recording 
accurate degrees. Now we need YOUR degree to 
help further our established reputation as a leading 
innovator in the research and development of 
sophisticated high technology health care instru-
ment systems and related plastiC disposable de-
vices. 
IVAC is an e)(citing place to begin your career. After 
13 successful years , we know how quickly your tal-
ents can be turned Into a satisfying career for you 
· . and continuing growth for us. 
We are a wholly owned subsidiary of Eli Lilly and 
Company. and we have recently moved into our 
beautiful , modern headquarters at Campus Point m 
San Diego. We have an exciting story to tell , and 
we'd like 10 talk to gradualtng engineers in the fol -
lowing disciplines: 
• ELECTRICAL. MECHANICAL 
• INDUSTRIAL • LIFE SCIENCES 

eQuality Engln •• ring) 
We are interviewing 

on campus October 27 
Check with your pl.cemenl oHlce for mor. 

Inform.llon 
or write to: 

IV AC Corporation 
10300 Campus Point Drive 

San Diego, CA 92121 
An Equal Opportunlly Employel M/F/H 

IVAC 
CQRPO"ATtON 

U ndergrads make film 
with Scuri grant 

BY JOE FALLETTA 
Danny is being torn apart. 
On theone hand is his step-mother who give 

him little, if any, love. On the other, his father 
loves him and they have a close relationship, 

The child's fragile p yche is further 
shredded as his father tells him he must love 
his step"mother. Instead he feels anger toward 
her. He sees himself as the cause of their 
almost constant arguments. 

There seems no way out for him and the 
conflict Danny experiences manifest · it 'elf in 
chronic nightmares, A large, unidentified, dark 
figure haunts him in the dreams until real life 
and dreams are indiscernibly interwoven . 

While the circumstances are real. Dannv is a 
fictitious you ng boy and the central figure in a 
movie entitled "Nightmare," produced by two 
UCSD undergraduate students. 

For Beth Accomando and Martin Lopez, the 

idea of making a movie was born out of a 
cOT:v~~sation. they had concerning the 
deflnltlon of mghtmares. They had studied the 
subject as psychology students and Lopez had 
written a paper on it. 

What followed was a lO-minute film 
encompassing such devices as slow motion, 
combining images, lens filtration and abstract 
lighting, Subject material was drawn from 
experiences both personal and those of 
relatives and friends . 

"The film essentially created a smorgas bord 
of experimentation for aspiring filmmakers 
such as ourselves," Lopez noted in a proposal 
the two students submitted for funding to 
SCURI, the campus Student Center for 
Undergraduate Research and Innovation. 

"Nightmare" is one of four movies the duo 
plca ... t· t urn In pagl' I G 

r---------------------------------I I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

WI'LL PAY YOU 
TWO BUCKS 

That s right l ' Young Attitudes Half 
Graphics will discount the cost of a halfcut . 
restyling . colOring or perm when you come 
In and show us your student I.d. card . 

So call for an appointment now. 
or just drop In . We 're in the La Jolla 
Village Convenience Center 
nexl to Ralphs and Sav-on 

HAii=\ 
Gi=\A~liCS 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I I 8843 Villa La Jolla 0 , ive/Lo Jolla, (o l'{. 9203 71(714 ) 457 ·3334 

I I 

---------------------------------~ 



16 The UCSD Guardian Monday, October 19, 1981 

. ~ Undergrads make a film 
ATTENTION ~ cun tilll" 
~ W' ARREN STUDENTS ' •• ' ~ has collaborated on since meeting during a film ~ '"' ~ cIa s a year ago. They describe filmmakin~ as ~ ~ an obsession complete wIth withdrawal pains · f if the fi lmmaker leaves the art for too long. . They currently are working wit h a seven-· Positions are still -open on these . member company on a production called, 
• • "Running Star." a love story drawn from the ~ campus wide committees: future during which a couple is 'eparated by "~. technology and space. Accomando. a senior majoring in visual arts · * Housing and Food services and communication, and Lopez, a junior J AdviSOry majoring in Biology. both plan careers in filmmaking. Accomando says s he hopes to ~ work from the editorial side of the industry * EOP while Lopez enjoys production and camera work. T he more recent convert to t he art, Lopez 

· ~ become a doctor. He planned his high school 
~ studies around Biology and came to UCSD 

· * Committee on Student Conduct . with that in mind. 
"It wa Beth who corrupted me." he laughs, 

although he does admit the interest in films 
and photography wa ' there before he came to 
the university. He was making films as long 

. 

'commuter student neededJ ~ ago as the fifth grade and did a sixth grade 
~ project on special effect '. 

~ A freshman course in film history rekindled ~~ Applications available at the · his interest and , along with shooti ng films. he P t ' Off· 0 dl · f -~ photographs weddings on weekends. 
· rovos s Ice. ea Ine~or~ Accomando's intere ·t in film extends back 
. ~ applications is Friday, October 23, . some 10 years when she first began going to A at 4:30 p.m. . movies and collecting old movie posters. 
~ In 1977. her uncle, a filmmaker. gave 

~T ~ ~ ~ ~ Accomando and her cousin the raw materials ~~-+-~+~~+~~-f" .• ~ of a Laura Scudder Peanut Butter commercial 
and told them to cut a commercial. They ""'~""'~~,~"""""~ edited , spliced and timed the film with good I Tzred of Wazftng zn Line') ~ results . . . Ii ' ~ The expenence changed her focus from film Ii You are invited to open an Ii writing or teaching to filmmaking. 

Ii INTEREST-BEARING Ii S · I CHECKING ACCOUNT I crIpps 
bIT'S EASY TO OPEN! I ~~:~i~lt:~~1 li~ " 'hl~~~nl')bodiIY I v- . ~ fluid ' in order ' to re"ise the ~ --and we pay SWr.,. t he highest rate allo\ .... able. I diving tables used by divers to ~IT'S C ~ avoid the bends. ~ v- . LOSE BY! Ii *Dr. Gerald Kooyman. a 

~ at the intersection of Villa La Jolla Drive and LaJolla Ii physiologist at the lab Ii Village Dri ve--dri\'e or just walk across t he bridge. Ii discussed his research with L-. ~ the Weddell seal and breath-~IT'S THE LOWEST BALANCE! I holding in sea mammals. Dr. ~ ~ Kooyman. who is now in Ii a modest ,·:{OO.OO provides INTERE "r-CHECKING ~ Antarctica. described the Ii wll h no ser\'lce charge. ~ st able ice in McM urdo Sound ~ALSOI I as the ideal placetostudy seals ~-v- . • I inthewilci ~ unlimited check writ ing, cancelled checks returned ~ The lecture was followed by 
~ monthly at no charge. ~ a touroftheaquariums. At the 

~~ OME TO: ~ sea water pools the difference ~ ~ in work capacity bet ween ~ HOI_ISEHOLD ~~ different seals was demon· 
~_ . =~ slrated ' After viewing the I FEDERAL s.rIIIGS & LOAN ~ indoor aquariums. the Scripps ~ ~ researchers were available for ~ 8950 Villa La l olla Drive 452.7330 ~ qu es t ion s. The Scripps 
~ ~ Aquariums are fref' to the 
~ FSI.lC In"u red loSJ()O,()()() ~ public. In formation is ~""""""""""'~ avai lable al I he Public Affairs 

"Being able to see your completed work is 
real high ," she says. 

Accomando also writes movie reviews for 
the La j olla LiJ.fhl. 

When t he I wo students met, Accomando was 
working on "Running Star." She needed 
equipment and someone to do camera work . 

"Here was Marty with light s, cameras. I told 
him 'you go into filmmaking wit h me or?o into 
BIOlogy and gi e me your equipment.' , 

inee then. they have collaborated on two 
ot her films. "Glass Cage," and "Writer's 
Notebook." 

Lopez write "Glass Cage." the story of a 
middle·aged man who has moved to San Diego 
after losing his wife and his job because of hi 
drinking. The film focuses on one night the 
man spends in a hotel in the city, telling his 
story and situation through the use of 
flashbacks. 

"Writer's Notebook" is a short character 
study into a young boy and an old derelict. The 
boy has checked into a run-down hotel in 
search of experience and character he feels will 
make him a good writer. Accomando based the 
film on a story written by her father. 

Ironically, it was during production of 
"Gla 's Cage" the two filmmakers learned how 
well they work together. They had to spend 48 
hours over Thanksgiving to finish the film. It 
was non-stop working with broken equipment 
and edit ing film through flourescent light ' . 

"r reall y believe true partner ' should be at 
each other's throats, " Accomando says. 

Lopez and Accomando both want togotoLos 
Ange le to work in their career. Lopes plans to 
attend USC or UCLA after he graduates from 
UCSD. Accomando says she wants to work in 
San Diego and save money for a year or 0 
before heading north. Both say t hey will work 
at anything in the industry but hope to work in 
feat u re-Iengt h movies. 

The poi!--onous Liun fi s h. fi ~ Office. 452':{6:n 
Pre-Law & Getting a Scuri grant 

P re-Management 
orientation meeting 

Wednesday Oct. 21, 1981 
H&SS 1128 

7:30 p.m. 
ThiS ml'el1l19 It> for those 51udents who are Juniors und 
planning 10 apply for Law School and Management 
School admission I hIS fall for the class start ing Fall !983. 

don' t miss! 

IMPORTANT INFORMATION on the dpplicatlon 
process, profeSSIonal school fi le service. LSAT and 
GMAT preparation courses, peer group advisors and 
more .... 

H & SS CAREER SERVICES 
Caree r Planning and Placement 

~ ...... H .. u.m.a.n.i.t.ie.S .. L.ib.r.a.r.Y .. I.O.5.8 ...... ~~ 

",Ult 1 i III I ! I " I , 
sponsored Iw a facull\' 
III 'Illber. propi)",t1s Illl!"t he 
dea r and conci"c. lI1c1ude il 
pl an for dl,,"emiI1HI ion of 
rt'"u l h , ane! be Headem it' in 
nature. 

I'a"t finding- hil\ (' Ix'vn 
Ill! hI i"hecl 111 till' l 'CS l)./ Olll'l1 a I 
,If (' ncll'rgr;lrluilll' I~ (''''c<trt'h 
;11l d d i " t ri h 1I t l'd a III 0 n g 

l ' lll\el' ~ I I\ ' of Calliornlil 
l·illl1pU ... t· ... - but :\l al"u mot" 
nllt e-; nl'\ t ... pring \\ ill "'Ct' a 
... ~ Illpll ~iulll of n'''l';lrch 
pr(Jjech I I here film .... di .,pl,w, 
a nd ot h('1' project... l1lore 
difficult to ~e l into print mil)' 
a Iso lx' prc"cnl eel . 

Facult)· ..,pI)n""r.., a re 
Ilbtained each year through [I 
"un'el' which a~k~ earh 

ml'llll~r ahout hi.., or her 
current research proj ' ,t " a~ 
\\cll a:- whelher or not thl' 

lal'll!t~ member is \\'illing to 
"pon ... or und('rgraduatl' 
" t llrienb In inriepl'ndenl 
rl'''l'al-ch PI'! ',1l'l-I,.,. l<l'''I)( 111,,(' I ' 

good. Matsullloto :-t at (,':-. 1\ it h 
III a n V fa c uI t \. nH' 111 b er -; 
I urn i ilg ()u t for t'hl' Will' ks hop" 
on grant a nd propo" ,t1 wr illng. 

Th e \v () I' k " h () P ... a I' e 
conducted I he \\ l'd; before 
linall'\ams and tIll' Ilr:-1 \\ l"ck 
of the quarter. SCl'I~1 "la ll er" 
go through a \\e ll ' \\rillt'll 

applt,'a t Ion itclll by item 
,., ho\\'ing ... tudent s a good 
budget and lilllclinc. Cram -
IllOlle\ i" uscd for lab 
l'<luipliwnt. print IIlg (,'xpl'n"l'''' 
and ,,11Or t · di~lallc{' t I'm ('I hut 
llilt for pcr"onal expcllse .... 

For in ionnal Ion. pholll' the 
SCl'I~ 1 offin' ,lt 1 :i2':l~J1 7 . 

UCSD Science Bulleti n Board 
Chemistry 
[Vi onda\' , Oct ober 19 
~ :(X) }J.in . 

Physics 
Tuesday. October 20 
4:00 p.m. 

Tue~day. OClobtr 20 
4:0(1 p.m. 

Dr. F. Li. S:.ntl'x Corlxlralion: 
The SYJI "1I'~i., of AId'Il'iul/c . 
\l1l,,1 : Trc\or McMorris. 10,\ 
Thinl Lectu re Hall. 

Dr _ Robert B. Laughlin. 
Lawrence Li vermore National 
Laboratory; T/t eUJ:\' uf Iha 
(JUlIllllflll Hall Effect. 1/ 48 
Humanit ies Library . 

Ik E.N. Huhbard: .\/II/(II('li( 
Fields /11/ lite f!ppl'I' A1aiu 
Scqlf('I/I'(': A Shupp ill/.{ U si . 
1110 I'sycholog) and L IORU is· 
tic~ Bldg_ 

The UCSD Guardian 
Bob McSpadden, Sports Editor 

Spikers nail AP 
in four games 

BY SCOTT ALLISON 
Senior Slu ff Wrile, 

No. thal wasn't the NCAA 
.oi.vi s ion III vol l eyball 
championships last Friday 
night in the main gym. but it 
seemed t hat way in many 
r spects. 

First of all, th stands were 
packed . Among tho~e in 
attendance were Howard Hunt 
(Chairman of the P.E. Dept.). 
Judv Sweet (Athlet ic Director). 
Burt Kobayas hi (Director of 
Recreat ion ), as well as s veral 
coaches from other intercolle-
giate teams. 

Second. I here was an 
electricity in the air - on and 
off t he floor - that 'eldom 
finds it's way into any regular 
season contest. 

And yet. that's all it was 
Friday night, a regular season 
game. but it was a spe ialone 
at t hat. Las t year's defending 
NAIA champion Azusa Pacific 
look on thi s years' J eM 
Division III number one team 
UCSD, and a superb malch 
ensued. 

:. Waterpolo: 
BY TIM PICKWELL 

Staff Writer 
Grab a pencil and eraser, it's 

time to rewrite the UCSD 
record books. The Triton 
water polo team defeated the 

( 

The final; UCSD over 
Azusa. three games to one. by 
the scores 13-15. 15-6. 15·7and 
15-0. 

As the match progressed. 
the wild crowel on hand 
became increas ingly voc i-
ferous. Not coincidentally. 
Triton play abo imprO\-ed a~ 
the mat eh progressed. 

For LlCSD coach Doug 
Dannevik , the eveningwasy t 
another achi "cment among 
many t his season. H is squad is 
now a perfect 10-0 in match 
play. and aft I' Friday night's . 
performance UCSD will 
certainly retain it's number 1 
ranking in the NCAA , for the 
third week in a row. 

" It 's quite a team, " 
a c knowledge ~ Dannevik. 
"They are a special group. I 
don't have to tell t hem to push 
hardor toget aggressive." 

The Tritons' nex t home 
match is t his Friday night 
against W cst mont College. 
7:30 in the main gym. 

ncredible' 
Whittier Poets (get it?) 16-5 
Friday night , and blew the roof 
off the natatorium Saturday 
afternoon with a 35-4 (no, that 
is not a misprint) victory over 
the University of Redlands 

r--------------------------, 
FREE CAMERA 

Come to the Bookstore 
before 

October 31, 1981, 
fill out the coupon below 

and you could win a 

FREE 110 camera! 

NAME _______ _ 

ADDRESS _____ _ 

PHONE • I ......... 
Betkey Film PtOCfSSlng 

orts Page 17 October 19, 1981 

UCSD's soccer team dropped its Thursday match Lo Lough NCAA Division r u rl'. 

Bulldogs. 
The two games represented 

numbers nine and ten in the 
team's 'chool record winning 
streak. (Eleven if you count a 
just-for-fun 28-10 romp over 
the UCSD Alumni Saturday 
night). 

The clu b's record is at 12-7-
2 and their last loss came 

Color Blind? 
" )IOU are color .blind 

or female with color blind 
relatives we will pay ]Qu 

$5.00 per hour to partidpate 
in perception experiments 

on the nature of 
color blindness 

For more info contact 
Kathy Purl or AI Nagy 
at 452-3924 between 

9 - noon Mon - Fri 

TORREY MESA 
TRAVEL, INC. 

Free Travel Semces 
3211 Holiday Court 

Suite lOS 
La Jolla 

(next to st. Germains) 
Monday·Friday 

8:30 am - 5:00 pm 

452·1981 
(major credit cards 

accepted) 

nearly a month ago again ·t 
highl y regarded UC Irvine, a 
team the Triton will face 
again this Saturday. 

The 35 points against U of R 
was a combination of the 
Bulldogs being an incredibly 
poor team, and UCSD being 
incredibly good. Mostly the 
latter. 

"People have 
o hunger for 
my Pilot Flneliner be-
cause they're alwoys 
fishing for a fine point pen 
that writes through carbons. And 
Pllal Charges only 79<ror It. 

People gef melr hands on it ond 

The Division JIl Tritons are 
ranked in the Division I top 10. 
Earlier in the year an Diego 

plea ... " tU1'I1 W pa!!,· I K 

Sports Quiz 
'What is the nameofthe former 
canine frisbee champ? ( ee 
answer under sport:; log) 

forget Irs my pen. So I don'l gef no respecl! I don't make out ony bener 
with my Piiol Rozar Point. It writes whip-creom smooth 
with on extro tine line, Its maIol collar helps keep 
the point from going squish- so people 
love It. For only 89< they 
Should buy their own pen-
ond show some re-
specttormy 
property." 

available at the 

BOOKSTORE 



\ , 

18 

La Jolla 92037 
~ _________ ._ coupon __________ • 

: One fRf[ Dinner Salad : 
or I • ~ Pitcher of Soft Drink with 

any large pizza purchase. 8 I 

8 
-§ 
c ;:, 
I 

: Good Any Time : 
'- - - - ______ • coupon. __________ I 

Expires October 26, 1981. 
Cannot be used with any other BJ,'s coupon-

but do use them separatel , 

WARREN COLLEGE 
COMMUTERS!! 

Commuter Board needs your 
ideas and enthusiasm. Help 
program activities, get 
involved in student govern-
ment, and meet other Warren 
residents and commuters. 
Apply for board membership 
in the Provost's Office or call 
Larry Hartsook at 276-1554 or 
James Jerpseth at 452-8169 
for information. 

KCR Presents 
a local band dance party 

Rick Elias Band 
Puppies 

Some Ambulants 
Saturday, October 17 
One show at 9:00 p, m, 

KCR Presents 
Angeles Rock/Rockabilly invasio 

Jamie James and the 
Kingbees 

and 
The Naughty Sweeties 

Friday, October 23 
One show at 9:00 p, m, 

KCR Presents 
A Tribute to the Doors 

Strange Days 
Friday, October 30 

Two shows, 8:00 and 10:00 p.m. 
T'Cket, dVa,ldbi\' at the Aztec Center Box Office dnd Sel"" Sedl 

OutletS Aztec Center, SOSU For Ticket Inlormd£IOI' call 26;' 6941 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, October 19, 1981 

CC teatns find cotnpetition 
tough at Biola .invitational 

BY NANCY LEE 
Staff Writer 

UCSD's cross co untry 
runners traveled to La Mirada 
on Saturday to compete in the 
Biola College Invitational. 

Biola ho ·ted the meet at the 
La Mirada Park and Golf 
Course. running the competi-
tors through a 'cen ic grass 
course for three miles for the 
women and five miles for the 
men . 

The Triton women .com-
peted against twelve other 
schools, fielding a total of 83 
runners, 77 of which scored. 
Among the 'chools com pet ing 
were Cal State Bakersfield, 
Occidental. USIV. University 
of Nevada Las Vegas and 
Loyola-Marymou nt. 

Occidental's women's team 
clinched the meet with a low 
score of 50 points. All five of 
their women were in the top 16 
finishers. 

In second place wit h 78 
points was USIU and in third 
for the Invitational was Cal 
State Bakersfield with 109 
points. 

l'CSD finished 8th out of 1~ 
team' with 195 points while 
mis~ing twu of their top 
runner, Kiln tempien and 
Debbie Alt us. 

The top three finishers for 
the three mile race were 
Therese Kozlowski (Loyola· 
Marymount) 18:07.9. Teresa 
Ramirez (Ca l State Bakers-
field) 18:08.9, and Rosalva 
Bonilla (Cal State Fullerton) 
18:25.2. 

Kozlow 'ki has been the first 
place finisher at the Biola 
Invitational for three 
consecuti ve years. 

The first woman in for the 
Tritons was Nancy Lee, 
placing 15th overall with a 
time of 19:29.4. Coming in 36th 
wa' Monica Zepeda for UCSD 
with a time of 21 :01.1. In 40th 
place for UCSD was Alison 
Mark in a time of 21: 18.1. 

UCSD's men ran against 
nine other schools including 
San Diego State, Westmont 
College , Univer ity of 
Redlands, Pt. Lorna and Cal 
Lutheran. 

Finishing in first for the 
Di vision II and fII schools with 
a 'core of 43 points \\'as Point 
Lorna College. while 'econd 
place for the meet was had by 
Cal Lutheran with 54. and 
third was Westmont College 
with 146 points. 

LIC D fini .. hed In sixth 
place wit h 169 P01l1!;.,. 

The fir st and second 
individual places went to Pt. 
Lorna runners Ricky Perez 
(2 4 :56.7). and Toma s 
Anderson (25:39.8). The third 
and fourth slots were taken by 
twoCal Lutheran runners .Jon 
Block (25:45.1) and Ronald 
Roat h (25:53.2) 

Comi ng in tenth for UCSO 
was Chris Bowlus. in a timeof 
26:32.9. The top twelve 
finishers of each race received 
medal '. 

in 29th was UCSO's Chris 
Olsem (27:36. I) . Chris 
Thomas displayed very good 
efforts Saturday. coming in 
third for the Tritons at 28:06.7 
and finishing 39th overall. 

Triton coach Andy Skief 
remarked that. "it was good to 
see something of the 
competition that we will be 
running against in qualifying 
for Nationals. The teams ran 
well today, and the middle 
section are s t ill close 
together. We ought to do well 
in qualifying." 

This Saturdav the Tritons 
will be hosting a home meet at 
11:00. The cross country 
course begins on John Hopkin' 
road and takes the runners on 
the trails through the woods. 

Waterpolo makes it 11 straight 
l'ontilHll't!l ltllll I" ! I 

For a non-scholarship school 
to be in the same lXJOI with 

inslitution~ that give athlete~ 
free rides is incredible. To 
compete and win is unheard of. 
Barring catastrophic di 'a 'ter, 
l C D can expect to be invited 
to the post-season NCAA 
tournament. 

"If we were to get to the final 
eight of that tournament," 
says coach Denny Harper, 
putting things in perspective. 
"it would be incredible. It 
would be a incredible as if the 
UCSO Basket ball team went 
to the Final Four of the NCAA 
Tournament. .. 

Saturday's Redlands game 
was even reminiscent of a 
basketball game. The Boston 
Celtics against a playground 
pick-up team. UCSD played an 
excellent half-court game. 
They rarely let Redlands past 
mid-pool. The score was 9-0 in 
the first quarter. and UCSD 
wa ' down a man, before the 
Bu lIdog ' attempted their first 
shot. It rimmed -out. Redlands 
managed only 12 shots the 
entire afternoon. UCSD had 
50. 

By the beginning of the 
second half. the Tritons were 
up 22-0, and the only question 

wa~, wou ld Redlands ever 
score? They did. 

A UCSD player had fouled 
out. there were four Triton 
freshmaninthe\ ater,andthe 
goalie, Mouse Marks, hadn't 
played that p()~ition in several 
\·ears. 
- Fir"l -renl man Dana 
Creison rattled Ihe l\edland ~ 
goalre for :,t'\' en point .... 

Sport Log 
Monday 

1\1en< >oo('cel' \' .... I 'ni\ l'r~lt\ 
of /-{ed land:-. l\[ 1I1 r field, :~::l() 
p.rn 

'~[)m('n \ \ nllevhall \'~ 
~()Llth\\'estern. a\\-a~, :{::w 
1'.111 
\n,\\ er tn ~p(ln ... qUI/' A ... hll·\ 
\\'IIIPPI'I 

Fourteen Tritons scored goals. 
The previous evening's 

game was more challenging. 
certainly more exciting. A 
scrappy Whit tier gave UCSO a 
little trouble, though not too 
much. 

Senior Dan Crane, the 
team'~ leading 'con'r, was his 
usual consistent elf. He had 
six goals LO top everyone in the 
pool. 

Sumetimes, the Tritun~ are 
like lava . They flow up and 

down the lX)()1, inexorable, 
flat tening opponents. Some 
teams would probably have 
more luck against the molten 
stuff. peaking of "stuff," the 
Tritons are going to need all of 
theirs when they play the 
Bruins of UCLA next undav 
at the Miramar pool. Lo; 
Angeles in ranked among the 
top fi\'e in t he nat ion. A victory 
over the Bruins, which Harper 
thinks is quite conceivable. 
would make the entire season. 

Inlramurals ---------
Ruffinsore beats Poles 

BY LARRY GOLDMAN 
Slall Write,. 

What wear~ red and white cleat s, a red shirt with a team 
name on front and a nickname on back, and when possible red 
flags? Answer - a member of Red Ruffinsore. a team in the 
AA Don Meredit h league of men's foot ball. Why not red 
s hurts, guys!? 

Red Ruffin"ure was the namesake Saturday when they 
played Poles no croles in The Guardian game of the week. 
They were off to a slower start than they wou Id have liked and 
t hi s game was to pre\'ent t hem from having red faces also. 

Poles, capI ained and quarterbacked by Bob Cabicoon Iy had 
six pla~' ers so they were at a disadvantage from the start. 

Ked struck first on a nice timing pattern from quarterback 
Tim Bosque to capt ain AI Fril'(lman and led early 6-0. 

Because Poles had on ly six players Cabin) W(lS pressured 
highly by Red and end d up throwing three interceptions in 
t he first half. These led to a couple of more Ruffin sore 

I()uchdnwn~ bOlh ..;cored b\' Dean Pettit. After Don Cotter 
caughl a two poinl con vcrs-ion I hc score \\'as 20-0 as t he half 
encled. 

The score mav ha\ e been a lot closcr in I he firsl half hut the 
Poll'': n'n' I \ el< dropped Illan~ pass('" - SOIllC which would 
ha\'(' lX'en tOllchdo\\ tb. (;l)lnglnto tl1l'S('l.'OIHI halrl~ed had the 
IIHHllt'nllllll alld IX)s"'(""~l'd a superior playb(xlk. 

.\ Ill'r an Ihl'r I()uchdown b\' 1~l'c1, I'ole~ finalh dn'\\ bll)()(1 
011 " long bOl11b Ir(Jm Cabico to-I ),1\ l' Jkdll'll'l'. \\ hich "l'1 up a 
lOll chd(l\\ 11 "I rr k(' \() II iln" 1\ n IIs1 I () 111 ake till' "'corl' 21;·(; . \ It l'1 
Sll'\l' 1.('\ 1Il(' ('aughl anot hl'1' HufflllsoJ'e T.D .. C,I1)II'o I hn'\\ 
,IIHlt hl'l lXltll h 10 1);1\ t' Tal Or! and tIll' .,core \\ ih ;; I I~ . 

Iklll i"\' II \\ it" ()\ ('I I~l'd "('on'd I \\() 111(1ll' I II111'" ;\I1d t II(' final 
tah \\·a ... IH· 12 Thl'" put Hed back Inlo flr"t placL' In thl'lr 
IL'agu,\' \\ hll'h Fril'dm,11l "'iI\.., i ,"t hl' louglW"'1 A.,\ Il'agul' tIll" 
\ (';11 
. I'oll'" droppl'd 10 (] :; on I Ill' d;1\ \\ hill' I~ l'd '" IlO\\ 2 I 

()Ihl'r aeL iOIl 111 I Ill' Don \ lelwl II h leagu(' ,,;1\\ SUllll11a Cum 
I."ud I:! I I 1;111 to .\1"ll' Bn I'" (~ 11.2922. \1..,0, 'I he fo:"pn,,, ... 12 
1 \ "' .. ;11 I·n!t-' ·nlllllll,· ... (I ~I. ~ I I:; 

Monday, October 19, 1981 

Classifieds 
announcements 

Free!! 8 month old kitty needs good home 
Male, yellow short hair, friendly and house 
trained Call Ann 452-8738 or David 457-
2274 (11/1) 
A maximum of 30 new students wdl be 
accepted Into the AcademiC Internship 
Program for Winter Quarter Deadlines for 
completed SpeCial Studies Forms 4 units 
Dec 4 More than 4 cumulative Untts Nov 
20 ApproxlfTlatety 4 weeks are reQulled to 
set up an academiC Internship, so apply 
Immediately for Winter Quarter (11/12) 
Warren commuters; Interested In 
programming seMce? Commuter Board 
has S open POS'tions Apply befcre 10/30 
at Provost Office (10/29) 
Re-entTy students hdndbook Dropping In 
- handbook for the older student atUCSD 
Now available at UCSO bookstore for $2 50 
(10/19) 
Attention climbers we have shots to make 
you jealcus The MountainS of Europe, 
England and East Coast. All by our 
members Outing Club, Rec Gym Conf Rm 
lues 10/20,6,30 pm (JO/19) 

wanted 

LIpid Research Lab needs Wcrk-Study 
student 10 hr/week to clean laboratory 
glassware. OpportUntty to learn research 
procedures Contact Joe Juliano, VA hasp 
453·7500, ext. 3712 (10/19) 
Overseas Jobs - Summer/year round 
Ellope, S Amer. Australia, ASia. All fields 
$500-$1200 monthly Sightseeing Free Info 
Write fJC Box 52·CA 19. Corona Del Mar, CA 
92625 (10/29) 
Male subjects wanted for 2 d~ study of 
sleep I ass effects on continuous me ntal 
peria-mance and daydreaming. Volunteers 
Will be paid. Please call 453-7500 ><3319 
and be sure to state that you are calling 
about the SLEEP LOSS study. (10/19) 
TutOl' wanted for PhysiCS lA. Will pay on an 
hourly baSIS. Call Sabrina at 453-9846 
(10/19) 

housing 

Roommate wanted· Share DM 2 bdr, 1 bath, 
fum. dplx apt 2 blks from beach Pref Grad 
$250. 481-2833 eves. (10/22) 
Roommates needed for huge La Jolla house 
With temfic View $250 plus deposit, own 
room and bath Call 454-7089 (10/19) 
Roommate wanted $175 per month. Del 
Mar Beach Club. Must share room. Call 481 -
3716 (10/26) 
F roommate wanted to share 2 bdrm furn 
North Cla!remOn[ apt QUiet. non-smoker, 
no dogs Prefer grad. student $152 50 pius 
1/2 utilities Available Nov 1 565-1 943 
(10/22) 
Single room In Solana Beach AVAIlABLE 
Only 1 block from the beach; rIOt/cold 
water paid, 5140 plus 1/3 elet. 
NonsmOking male/female UCSD student 
destred Call Shawn or Dennis at 481 -3710. 

for sale 

Bench p'ess and 200 Ibs of free weights. 
$100. Argo 512 (10/26) 

For sale - Never befcre used Cannon 35-
mm M -l , 50 mm, 1 4 lens, 38 8()'210 mm 
Prostaff Zoom w/macro and autONlrder 
Only $400. Call 457-3871, ask for Peter. All 
warranties Included (10/ 19) 
Skid-lid bicycle helmet, used only twtce, 
size small, With fitting buttons $20 Cathy 
450-0180 (10/19) 
'73 D,.sun 610, 4 door, beige With brONn 
InterlO!, good transPQltdtlon Mechanically 
good, needs clutch 5800 Call Mike fU)-
1174 evenings (10/19) 
Alr Hockey table El<cellent condition. W8 
Call Geoff or Kurt 453-2991 (10/22) 
Birds need new home African Senegal 
parrot Hand tame, pretty colors $75 With 
cage. Female Go lden-Pearly coci<atlel 
Ready to breed or tame $55 With cage. 
Marie or Gary 45(}0402 (10/1 9) 
Kawasaki KZ200, '79, excellent cond ., only 
5000 ml 75mpg freeway-legal 
transportation, $850 453-9125 (10/1 9) 
78 Honda CXSOO motorcycle, super 
(eliable, shaft drrve, h20 cooled, 10 mi. 
$1500 452-966501' 4S3·27 11 Matt (10/26) 

services 

UNWANTED HAIR REMOV£D PERIMNENT-
LY rear campus ~ Jolla Village ProfesSional 
Center, 8950 Villa La Jolla Drive, SUite 1160-
C, call for Appt 453-7040 (6/3) 
Typing, ~st, accurate, reasonaole. PICk up 
and delIVery available 271-0383 (6/3) 
TYPING Theses, dlSsert, manUSCripts, 
editing IBM correcting SelectriC II, 
reasonable UCSO references 271-6378. 
(10/22) 
Typing: Research papers, reports, leuer;, 
resumes, etc I Fast, accurate, reasonable. 
Wil l correct spelling and grammar Call 
Diana 454 7471 
TYPING Theses, dlSsert, manuscripts, 
editing IBM correcting Select"c II, 
reasonable UCSD refererces 271-6378 
(1 0/22) 
Typing fast and accurate Reasonable Call 
Jane, 452-4244 (UCSD) cr 753-3766 ntght.s. 
(10/ 29) 
TYPING/ EDITING, ProfesSional Quality IBM 
COI'rectlr'9 Selearic Call Jody or le~ 
message 274-5214 (10/29) 
EXCEPTIONAL TYPING - ALL kinds done. 
Super IBM III CorrectiOns, spelling Nearby. 

95~/p 450-1138 (12/1) 
TYPING - IBM - 2 expenenced typiSts -
term paper;/theses/dlsser / edltlng/RUSH 
J08S available 453-0656, 452·1 588 
(10/22) 
Plano lessons EffeclI\le, enjoyable. 
Ind IVldualized instruction techniques 
Europe and US trained 456-0226 (1 0/ 19) 
Landlord problems? Check out 
Ci'oundworic Books Section on Legal 
Hassles UCSD student center 11-8pm, 
452·9625 
Raise your grades l ProfeSSional 
editor/typist cleans up your spelling, 
grammar, etc, no extra Charge, while 
turning out fast, accurate won.: on IBM 
SelectriC Also theses and dlssertattons, 
Cambell/BallOU cr I'J'A gUidelines $1.75 
per double spaced page IJVORDSWOIlK, 
445 Bonal( Street, La Jolla 459.Q430 
(10/22) 

travel 

Israel $770, London $485, Tokyo $135, Peru 
$690 TE E, 511 La Clenega "'216, LA, CA 
90048 (213) 85Hl637 (11/23) 

STILL UNDECLARED? 
ATTEND "STRA TEGIES FOR 

UNDECLARED MAJORS" 
This workshop will give you a systematic 
way to learn more about your skills, 
interests and goals, and how to 
investigate the majors and careers that 
best suit you_ 

MONDAY, OCTOBER 26, 1981. 
NORTH CONFERENCE ROOM 

STUDENT CENTER 
11:30 a.m. to 1:00 p.m. 

The UCSD Guardian 19 
GEE Student Travel open M-F 9·4 In the 
Student Center. (lEE offers: Budget Flights, 
riltl passes, tours, booI<s, Insurarce, WOr\( 
Md study programs, and much more Call 
4SNl630 ( 6/3) 

lost and found 
Lost BrONn Velcro Wllilet In MUIr Camp.J5 
area If found, please call Ann Williams at 
481-5967 (10/1 9) 

personals 

LOST: Light red 0 P bathlr'9 SUit With 
dril'llllStrtng ,n men's locker room If fourd 
call David at 453-9912 PlEASE! (10/19) 

Found keybyArgoHalionSct Oct 10. Call 
Beth 453·9889 (10/19) 
Reward for gold necklace With 2 
medalhons found lit Werren Soccer field 
Lost Sat Oct 10 481-6908 (10/19) 

LOSt light bro.vn wallet, probably on 
Revelle campus Mon or Tues Call 453-
1741 (10/19) 

Found necklace In Women s lockerroorn 
Wednesday after the waterpolo game 
Gretchen,456-1734 (10/22) 

Dave Happy 20th on Wed SweetlelJ hope 
';Cu have a terribly terrific dllY_1 ildore youll 
(Muskox powerl!) XO Jane (10/ 19) 

Found contacts (soft) on 10/ 12, late pm 
betweenl'J'M and upperMUif lot Call 457 
4357 (10/19) 

Lost maroon leather purse at Revelle Dell on 
Oct '4 Please call 481 ·2409 evenings 
Reward (10/ 22) 

Calendar 
meetings con tinu, d II II' , 1 .. 1" I I 
TUESDAY 
Noon - Re-entry Students Oranlzatton lunch at Walk's Pub 
Meet with other older students to share the expenence of 
coming back to school. 
12-1pm '- Contraceptrve Counseling and EducatIon 
meetIng. Attendance necessary to receNe some form of birth 
control. At the Student Health Center. 
4:30pm - AsIan Arnencan Student Alliance (AASA/ 
newsletter ("Asian Perspearves") committee meeting to 
discuss plans, goals, and division of labor. Ath the MSA office 
6:30pm - Outing Club ... lnternational MountaIn Climbing. See 
how some members spend their breaks. Europe. Great Brrtaln, 
East Coast. Rec Gym Conference Room. Free. 
6:30pm - LAGO meeting. Will discuss dance. mOVie, next 
potfuck. At the International Center. 
6:30pm - Model UnIted Nations new members welcome. All 
committee officers for the High School Conference must 
attend. Also, we'll make some arrangements for the movIe 
Airplane.USB 3060. 
6:30pm - UJS meeting. Come help us dISCUSS current and 
future events. Graduate Students Conference Room A. 
8:30pm - Spanish ClUb - MeXIcan movIe. The Forgotten 
Village. Revelle Formal Lounge. tree. 
WEDNESDAY 
Noon - R~ntry Students Organization - lunch at Walk's 
Pub - meet with other older students to share the experrence 
of coming back to school. 
12·1pm - Contraceptive Counselrng and EducatIon 
meeting. Attendance necessary to recerve some form of birth 
control. At the Student Health Center. 
Wpm - Organizational meeting for a vveekty Marxlst-
Feminist study group. You don't need any heavy Marxist or 
Feminist background to participate. Uie want to learn 
together. Come to the Women's Resource Center next to the 
Food Coop and let's share some ideas. 
6-7pm - Surf Club meeting. Future eYents will be planned 
and discussed At the Rec. Gym Conference Rm. 
7pm - San Diego Students for Peace: first meeting. Agenda ' 
elect officers and plan actNities, etc. Please attend all welcome 
or call Seth Munter at 452-4450. Gameroom/Conference 
Room. 
THURSDAY 
2:1o-4pm - The staff people of tne New UCSD Women's 
Resource Center invite you to attend our first Women's Center 
Welcome. Come share refreshments, meet the wondertulstaff 
and find out lMlat is new about the WRC. ThIS year we want to 
focus on all \NOmen on campus. That is a pretty broad focus 
Come and share ytlur needs and concerns WIth us so we can 
get started. Or Just come by to have a good trme We're next to 
the Food Co-op in the Student Center 
3pm - Pre·Osteopathlc Student Org Meeting' Premeds -
Interested in famIly practice/primary care 7 Come find out more 
about OsteopathIc MedICIne APM 5880 
Spm - Assorted Vinyl Record & Tape Coop meets every 
ThJrSd~. New members welcome. At the Student Center 
7pm - 00 you hear "spice" and thmk It'S a terribly addIctIVe 
drug. see red head and wonder if they have "Iaran" or belreve 
"puppeteers" are cowardly7 Then come to the Dark Star 
meeting in the Revelle Informal Lounge 
7pm - Black Student Unron meetIng: Update and plannIng ot 
8SU polttlcal and SOCial events; also a speCIal presentation. 
Refreshments after the meeting. APM 2113 

You are In vited 
Torrey Pines 

Christian Church 
8320 La Jolin Seen; Dr. No . 

rSundoy Worship ··-----. 
9:00 and 1 1:00 C/. m. 
College Age Se5~ion: 
/0:00 a.m. 

AS boycott 
(.'(1111"11" d I. hi' pag(.l I 
In adminIstrative search proceedings, 
it I~ hlghl\ unhhel\ the, \\ III be at all 
1110\,l'<l 1)\: the ab"ence elf SI udent" at 
I he inaugurat ion ceremony. The Issue 
of student participation In lCSD 
administrator ... electlons should and 
mu t be pursued. Hc)\\ever, the RCC 
feel" that positive, persislent efforts to 
effect change in ci:lmpus selectron 
policies are more likeh to be successful 
I han ()ccasional boycott" or prote..,!!>. 

Along these hnes. \\ e belreve it to be 
e'>sent ial 1 hat st udent lead r~ '>eek to 
maintain (as cliche as It may sound) 
open lines of rommunicat ion -bet ween 
all in\'ol\ ed panies, including the 
general student body, on thiS IssUf'.ln 
our opiniun, onl} by fir<,t 
demonstrating our responSIble and 
firm resolution to this cause can 
c..,tudents e\er hope to achi ve the goal 
of meaningful student input at the 
admini.,trat Ive le\ el. 

Hoyt Yee 
Chairman 

Revelle College Council 

Theater gift 
COl1lilll ll'" II ,"I pa~f..· ,) 

profe~sional sea on of the La Jolla 
Playhou~e during the summer 

The Romanian-born Weis.' earned a 
degree in journalism at the University 
of Oregon, where he also participated 
in se\'eral ~tudent theater productions. 

In 1929. he moved to an Diego. then 
a town of only 75.000. where he entered 
t he jewelry bu 'iness, 

Lewi~ ilverberg. chairman of the 
Fund for the New Theatre, said Wels~ ' 
gift was "ju ,t what we need to en 'ure 
the succes~ of the campaign. 

"This not only sets a fa t pace for all 
of us to mea~ure up to," ilverberg 
continued, "but it means that we can 
meet the goal and look ahead to a much 
needed building to house rehearsal 
rooms and office~ ." 

Foundation President Ewart W, 
Cood\\'in Jr. said that "all of the people 
who have kept hope and faith alive and 
presened I he asset s of t he Foundat ion 
--hould feel that their fallh and hard 
\\ llrk has been rewarded. 

"We o\\. e a deep debt of grat it ude to 
\Ir. WeI:"", not just theFoltndatronbut 
the \\ hole t heater-going community In 
Southern California, for hI" 
recognitIOn of lhe Importance of thr 
art~ in an DIego CounlY. 

"We can turn t hat much more of our 
at tentlnn to prodUCing a professional 
season In the summer of 19R2 whIch 
\\ ill honor the name of the La Jolla 
Playhouse and live up to those hIgh 

~tandards of production and 
performance," Goodw1J1 added. 

SOFT 
CONTACT LENSES 

Special offer: 

$150 includes: soft lenses . care kit 
follow up care 

and examination Church van pIck up 8:45 a.m. {Illd return by 11:15 
a.m. at Urev HClI/ Mail Box 
and MuttlleLU~ ampU5 
Book Store, hc."'gllllltng 
SC>f)t. 201 h. 

Extended wear lenses available 

0011111 ~ (Illel }IIICt' ever v 
SlII lcio I< 

Robert M, Heller, O.D. 
La Jolla Village Square tv\all 
Lower Leve( 
452-7374 

Iausch & 1.0mb 
10ft ...... 

supplies aval' __ 



20 The UC D Guardian Monday, October 19, 1981 

EAP: a chance to escape a better fee ling about your 'elf," 'he 'aid, summari-
zing her memorable exper-
ience abroad. 

is November 6,1981. tudent 
wi hing to apply for the 
Austria , Brazil , Egypt, France, 
Germany, Hong Kong, Israel , 
Italy, Japan, Kenya, Mexico, 
Norway, Peru, Spain, Sweden, 
West Africa, China and USSR 
Fall Semester and Academic 
Year Programs hould have 
their applications in no later 
than Jan. 22, 1982. For more 
information concerning the 
Education Abroad Program, 
call 452-3731 or see Hannelore 
Malone at the International 
Center on campus. 

continued from page 10 
all crazy and wild! 

"It's always easier to get to 
know someone in their own 
language," she said . And 
althou~h she wa often left 
alone In her dorm room on 
weekends (being the family-
oriented culture that they are, 
the Chinese students would go 
home every weekend), she did 
make many friends. 

" I went to Hong Kong to 

learn about my culture. At 
first I felt really American, " 
he said. 
Chain aid that "mode ,ty i 

very big with t he girls" in 
China. The girl were "very 
shy" he said, and would even 
change clothes inside the 
closet. 

The dorms were divided into 
two sections, one for boys and 
one for girls . Curfews were 
also set : Girls could visit with 

boys only on the weekends 
from 11 a.m. to 7 p.m. 

" Boy-girl relationships are 
very, very strict. If you are 
een more than two or three 

time with a boy, you are 
considered 'going together'," , 
she added . 

I really encourage people of 
Asian descent to go back to 
Hong Kong. The experience is 
unmatchable to anything you 
could get here. It also gives you 

The preceeding interview 
were only s ix accounts of the 
Education Abroad Program at 
work at UCSD. There are 
many more that can be related 
since the program was 
instituted in 1962. 

Presently, the EAP is 
accepting applications for the 
Australia, United Kingdom 
and Ireland, and Study and 
Work Programs. The deadline 

I!~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ ,------------------------------------------1 
: HAVE YOUR COLOR PRINT FILM : Registered Students 

and Post Doc's 

"(over Your Bod" with 

Health 
Insurance 

New benefits for 1981-82 include: l 
@ Benefit increases in most 

catagories 
@ Pre-existing Sickness Coverage 
@ Pregnancy Coverage 

Student Premium $4350, Spouse $4900, Children $49 00 

Information and Applications are available at 
Student Health Center Q-039 

452-3300 

: PROCESSED IN ONE HOUR : 
: AND SAVE UP TO $4 OFF ~~E : 
I I 
I-----coupon-----T----·coupon-----r---- coupon-----I 
I I I I 

: $2 off ! $3 off ! $4 off : 
II Developing & Printing of I Developing & Printing of I Developing & Printing of II 

12 Exposure Film 24 Exposure Film 36 Exposure Film 
I with coupon I with coupon I with coupon I 
:. __ ~~~~::~c~~ ____ L ___ ~~~~::.~c~:2 ____ L ___ ~o:.~.:e.:.~~3.2. ___ J 

Technicolor 
One Hour Photo 

La Jolla Village Square 
(near Rolph 's Market) 
8855 Villa La Jolla Dr , La Jolla 

OPEN 7 DAYS A WEEK 
8:00 a.m. to 8:00 p.m. 

450-1425 
---------- .We take Visa and Mastercharge _________ _ 

r=~X;e;;=l 
A New Years Eve Frat ~ 

LEARN 
HOW TO BECOME 
A MILLIONAIRE 

fROM A SELf·MADE MILLlOIiAIRE 
DR. MICHAEL DEAl, Ph.D. 

~ 
~ 

PARTY 
(In October??) 

Limited tickets 
available 

Refreshments 

featuring: 
"Bad Craziness" 

Rock-n-Roll 

served 
(with Proper I.D.) 

Alternative Drinks Available 

FRI OCT.23 9 pm -1 pm 
at Central Library 

Platform 
Tickets $2.00 at UEO Box Office 

~ 'We're accepting applications for New ~ 

btc=>«tc=>«tc===)Ctc===>«~tc=>«tc===)C,c===>ctc=: 

The World 's Foremost Hypnotist 
'liES EllS I DYII.le -~--

Now YOU TOO ~~~~£~~§ MI~!,M!t!~~ _,., ~.m 
01 bu'lne .. succ ... and person.' 011«1".".., ThIS IS' """'". lor AL L PEOPLE 

EOOGut, ... S.,..- Housew,ve, Youngst .. , and Wo<"ng People who .. ant to ".10 ttlt! magI( ,ey 
10 financial and oersonal <.JCCe!t! 

8 lECTURES - 24 HOURS 
FAlL SEMINAR-OCTOBER 19, 20, 21, 22, 21, 77, 21, 29. 

• Man OclGbet' 19 How to Thtt». tnldhgeflU.,· In • Won OtIObl!l' t'tI 10 SlOP ~ 10 COtIOuSIQn . · 
I~h~nc;e and Sh/Ptdlt'r' SeH "ypnoSis Sl"~" ot roKl MId ~tn\..I!' StII HH~ 

• Tl.H!s OctobPt 10 U",. and GIO. A.ch . HO_ 10 • T\Ift Ott,*,;; TM CIQtf(IWInCS' POII! r"" I~ .-n, 
~I goill$ ' SeH t-4Y11'~1 luett· How 10 l"'~ Ml~$I~' Slott Hypt'KlSf~ 

• Wed Octob@l' ' I U .. tQf C au," 01 falAAe · Char • "'" OckJbeo 111 10 MotI'+'J~ YlMwfI and OtN!r i ' 
ac:let'ISIIC-I eM lNdf'fIti",· Self HW"05tS Ps}<tIOio9t 04 s..nq .."., P<ttSUiSlOn o ~ H~\ 

o Thufl Oct~ 2' Sl~' Ilfd Rt('hes. PSYCh 0 TI'IIII'~ Octobfof 1G to rIM MIIIQrI (\oIJr ~~. Hit. 
Cyt)t1 netlCl o ~H¥pno~ to ~N..tmt».n:Jr4ICn os.«H~ 

Fee- $lS per eveninQ or $110 lor the Series 
USUIIIT IllGUn ROOI (UPSTAIRS) MIDWAY I ROSECII1MS 

PRESENTED IY INTERNA nOWAl COMMUNICA l10fj INSTITUTE 
For Information Can 222·8120 

IEGISTlIAl1Ofj-Fnt -'ing It tilt door, ':00-7:00 PM, lion. October l' 
Reservation Suggested. Master Charge' Vila 


