
Athletics lack direction~ incentive 
-Attrition rate could be lowered by strongprpgram 

BY SCOTT ALLISON and JIM AGRONICK 
taff Writ e rs 

This is the last in a series about iuterco/legiole 
sports at UCSD. 

Like many people interviewed for thi 
ser ies, Chancellor Richard Atkin so n 
que tion the quality of UCSD's at hletic 
department. "From what we ha e, I'm not 
ure we're doing the be t we can," he aid. 
The Chancellor also echoe the feelings of 

many when he intimated that although 
athletics here could u e improvements, the 
present mood of student ·, faculty and 
admini trators toward the department was 
one of apathy mixed with aver ion . 

This second poin t of Atkin on ' mayor may 

Volume 4 2 , Number 17 

not proye to be true in the next few weeks. 
Currently, everal intere ted tudent, (Ed . 
not - includin&,.Guardiall reporters Allison 
and Agronick) are planning a forum for th 
early part of next quarter . 

If the plan ' fo, ' this forum materialize, 
coache , PE fa ulty, athl ti admini trator 
and school ac!mini trator wi ll have a chance 
to di cu s both the weakne e of the athletic 
department and the future of UC D 
intercollegiate athletic. 

Specifically, the weaknes es .of UC D's 
athletic program, as voiced by many player 
and coache are that intercollegiates have 

please tum to page 11 

University of Californ ia, -San Diego Monday, March 2, 1981 

Mercury spill at Warren 
not as bad as first thought 
But EHS did not info m Day Care Center of situation, 
u.Jhile campus police provided only perfunctory security 

BY PETER MORTENSEN 
Executive Editor 

It took hazardous waste disposal experts almost 12 
hours Thursday to clean up a small amount of spilled 
mercury in the back of a state-owned truck that was 
delivering 1,000 pounds of the liquid metal to the 
university's Central Rec~iving warehouse on 
'Warren campus. 

And campus police, who hjId no idea how erious 
the spill was, refused to provIde anything more than 
perfunctory security. 

UCSD Day Care Center officials are also 
complaining that they were kept in the dark a to 
whether or not the pill was hazardous to the more 
than 90 children who attended the split sessions that 
day. The cen~er is acros a small parking lot from the 
warehouse, within 100 yards of where the spill was 
initially detected. ~ 

But, according to a technologist in UCSD's 
Environmental Health and SafetY49ffice, "extreme" 
conditions would have to exi t before a person could 
have been poisoned by mercury from this spill. 

Mercury ha ' 13 times the density of water and is 
poisonous if touched or ' nhaled . Severe nerve damage 
can result from short-term high -level , or long-term 
low-level exposure. According to the technologist, 
Steve Kowalensky, only about 800 milliliters -less 
than the volume of a quart of milk - leaked onto the 
bed of the truck. 

Even if there had been a breeze blowing toward the 
Day Care Center and the air temperature had been 
over 100 degrees, Kowalensky aid that a mea urable 
amount of mercury - one part per million - -would 
have only been detectable at most five feet from the 
truck bed. 

EHS head AI Rea added that because no danger to 
hum'ans existed, his office decided to leave the 
responsibility of the cleanup to the carrier - the 
StateofCalifornia. He 'aid EHS's ·tandardoperating 
procedure is to only notify people in the vicinit y of a 
chemical hazard if they are threatened by it. 

Immediately after the 'pill was d tected, though , a 
witnes said that officials were not s ure just how 
dangerous the s ituation wa " and the UC Police were 
called to provide security for the area. 

The witness said he became "very angry" when 
the police only responded by providing barricades 
and rope to cordon off the area around th lru k. 

The man, who wi hed to remain anonymous, said 
that many ·tudent· ignored the warning barrier and 
cro: 'ed into the "danger area." 

He :aid he called ampus polic twice to get some 
help in k ping s tudent · safely behind lh barrier. 
After no offic rs responded , lh man said h \) a lked 
to th police ·tation and d manded that offirers·k p 
·tudents out of th ar a. Th offi rs ignor d his 
reque ·t, he said. 

Polic(' Lt. Lloyd Turner maintains that the 
polic onl ree ivedareque:tlOisolat theareawith 
barricad s, and h does not re 'all an_ I rson 
appearing at th station to requ st further 
as istanc . 

He added that police did provide on offi r lat in 
the day to "direct traffic" a worker left a nearby 

maintenance complex. 
The mercury was sent by the California 

Department of Educational Surplus, an agency that 
distributes excess and used items from the state and 
the military to educationi\1 i'l . titlltions in Clllifornia. 
It was packaged in 5OO-millililer pIa tic bottles 

tacked inside a wooden crate. The crate was in the 
bed of an old surplu pick-up truck that was sitting in 
the bed of a larger state truck. 

"The whole package wa n't very neat," said 
Woody Gibson, general manager of the IT 
Corporation, which s upervi ed the clean up. "A little 
forethought could have prevented the whole thing." 

Agreeing that human life was never endangered by 
the spill, he explained that improper packaging of the 
mercury had apparently contributed to. the spi ll. 

One of the plastic bottle: broke, spilling its 
contents over the beds of both truck ', while another 
bottle tipped over and mercury seeped from its 
100 ened top, he said. 

He noted that such inferior packaging may have 
violated s tate Department of Transportation 
regulation and federal transportation safety 
guideline. 

"They (Educational Surplus) are trying to clean up 
their act, but I guess they' ll make a few more 
mistakes before they get caught." Gib 'OI1 ·aid. 

Gibson commended Rea and EHS for their 
cooperation during the clean-up. "They're really top- -
notch. they know what they're doing," he -aid. 
Gibson noted that EH official: could have dealt with 
the spill had there been any threat to life, but that his 
corporation is better outfitted for the task. 

Rea concurred, jus tifying the delay between the 
time of the pill and the actual beginningof the c1ean-
up at about 6 pm. 

"I didn't want to do som on el 'e's dirty work 
when it wasn't a 'er ious emergency," he ·aid. "That 
truck could have 'at there for thre weeks (cordoned 
off) and no one would have been in danger." 

Rea added that h "reacted very badly" to n ws 
reports on s verallocal television 'tat ions Thur 'day 
night that a "kill-the-world situation" existed. He 
said EH received several ca lls Friday inquiring "if 
th campus had been reop ned" aft r th ch mical 
spill. 

---en' we 
Thi week is International Women's W 

am on campu : 
dey - Mt. View Lounge, Third 
Co~ 6 pm reception, music by Carlot. 7 
pm RfJ; (lUerin. the er);. 

Ta - Int'l Center: 6 pm WftllftI1I'Il'. 
edreadliqa 



, . 

t 
I 

I , 

2 

letters 

Here's to who? 
Editor: 

I am a woman in agreement 
with Daniel Burrier's 
comments in "Hl:!rl:!'s looking 
at you" (Guardian, Feb. 23). 
Women who won't admit 
that they dress to entice the 
opposite sex are pure 
hypocrites. It's plain to see 
that the whole fashion 
industry is based on sexual 
attraction. Of course, Marion 
Miller, women have the 
"right to stay cool and 
comfortable when it is 
warm" (Guardian, Feb. 26), 
but there are shorts and there 
are shorts. . 

Believe it or not, it is 
possible to be cool and at the 
same time not to look like a 
$100 per hour hooker. Have 
you ever thought about why 
gay women don't dress in 
provocative clothing? They 
certainly believe in freedom. 
Could it be because they are 
not interested in enticing the 
opposite sex? 

Miss O'Rourke says she 
doesn't see the relation 

Editor: 
To those naive women who 

believe that there is only a 
small segment of the male 
population that is sexist, I 
Write this reply: 
_ Let me pomt out a &imple 
fact. There are two types of 
shorts, buttock·splittin~ and 
cool. The former is destglled 
for two purposes, splitting 
buttocks and 'rtting stares. 
If you can tel me that the 
latter - baggy, linen or 
generally non· ass· revealing 
- is less comfortable, the 
discussion ends here. 

To take the point further: 
How many men do you see 
walking around <;ampus in 
speedo's? Now, how many 
women do you see in bikini 
tops and/or bottoms walking 
around campus (obviously 
with no intent to entice)? 
Trying to keep cool is ' one 
thing, but to make yourself 
"comfortable" by having 

between freedom for women 
and their style of dress 
(Guardian, Feb. 26). Perhaps 
if women took emphasis-off 
their bodies by changing 
their style of dress to a non· 
enticing one, the issue of 
freedom for women would be 
taken ' more se riou s ly . 
Women in this society are 
viewed as sex objects. Just 
look around at advertise· 
ments and TV programs and, 
more importantly, at the 
manner in which the 
majority of women dress. As 
long as women continue to 
dress the part, what else can 
they ex~t but to be treated 
as such. 

Unfortu nately, Mis s 
Grafton, Mr. Burrier doesn't 
have to watch "Debbie Does 
Dallas" to get his thrills 
(Guardian, Feb. 26). He needs 
only to look around. Until 
women realize where they 
are really coming from by the 
way they dress, they will 
never be free. 

Geraldine N olfi 

shorts run up the crack cif 
your ass makes no sense. 

Moving to the upper half, 
there are those acrylic tube 
tops with that nasty elastic 
- much more comfortabie 
than a loose-fitting cotton 
shirt. I never see ' the farm 
workers wearing tube tops or 
tight·fitting shirts out in the 
summer sun. I myself 
generally don't wear tight-
fitting clothes in 8O-degree 
weather. 

As far as your role in 
society is concerned, if all you 
women weren't dressed to 
provoke the male instinct, 
why would you support 
companies likeJorachejeans? 
These companies promote 
the female's desire to drive 
men .to gaze at those nicely 
shaped derrieres. If you feel 
their advertisements are not 
designed to sell sex, what are 
they designed for? 

Rob Nagler 

'Support our sports 
Editor: 

It has recently been 
brought to my attention that 
the Registration Fee 
Committee will hold a 
hearing Tuesday, March 3 to 
discuss 1981·1982 budget 
recommendations for 
intercollegiate athletics. 
Despite recent exposes that 
)lave appeared in the 
Guardian lambasting 
UCSD's athletic system, I 
have found my participation 
in the men' s volleyball 
program this year to be a 
deeply rewauli ng and 
enriching experience. 

The opportunity to play on 
an intercollegiate team was 
the single most important 
motivational factor in my 
choice to attend UCSD. The 
very fact that this school does 
not give out athletic 
scholarships allowed an 
average athlete like myself 
the chance to participate on a 
team which has the added 
bonus of regularly competing 
against some of the top 
volleyball powers in the 
nation. UCSD's schedule this 
season has already included 
three of the top four ranked 
collegiate teams in the 
country (UCLA, UC Santa 
Barbara and Pepperdine). 

Additionally, last Friday 
UCSD overwhelmed the 
defending California JUCO 
chamions, Golden West 
College, before a large, 
enthusiastic, supportive and 
knowledgeable home crowd. 

The collegiate volleyball 
program is richly endowed 
with tradition. In 1971 our 
scllool won the NAIA 
national collegiate champion· 
ships, and in past seasons 
this institution has defeated 
many of the top· ranked US 
volleyball teams. All of this 
has been accom pI is hed 
without the aid of athletic 
scholarships, but instead 
through hard work and 
enthusiastic coaching. 
Individual accomplishments 
are equally rampant , as two 
members of UCSD's squad 
this year (Monte Frankel and 
Hal Jacobs) and Coach Steve 
Upp all earned prestigious 
beach rankings last summer 
from the National Outdoor 
Volleyball Assoc iation 
(NOVA). 

The benefits of intercol· 
legiate athletics go way 
beyond ju t winning and 
los ing. The comaraderie 
established between team· 
mates on 10n5( road tripS and 

please tum to pale 15 

The Guardian Monday, March 2,1981 

bottom line 
&. 

A nuclear runaway 
BY DOROTHY HOUSTON 

Washington , DC - Somehow'I and three -Defense intellectuals like war planning 
friends knew that the SLBMs were on the and other intellectuals like arguing abou t 
way here. We jumped into a car and made what the defense intellectuals have planned. 
our way out of the District as fast as They may talk about how awful and 
possible. I woke up en route. apocalyptic nuclear war would be but they 

Normally I don 't dream the nuclear death go after their studies with the utmost in 
because I ponder it so often during the day energy - EMT and NT and flexible 
that the nights are left for dreams truly response and counterforce and pre'attack 
sweeter than sweet. But that night's dream and post·attack and GLCM and ALCM and 
could not be helped; it followed my evening Circular Error Probably and hard"target kill 
defense policy course, something [now potential... They've got it all planned out. 
know should be taken in the morning, if at even down to what percentage of what kinds 
all. of industry will be left - functioning 

Unlike some people, learning to live with -Defeme planners never think beyond 
the bomb has not been my forte. I took some about five years. The current goal is to 
courses on arms and arms control in an "match" the Soviets. This translates into' 
attempt. to calm my Chicken Little MX and Lon~ Range Theater Nuclear 
disposition but found that, after all, Weapons, P,Osslbly the neutron bomb and 
ignorance is bliss. The only remaining path "beefed up' conventional forces. But what 
toward comfort would be to believe in the to do, assuming we're around, after 1985? 
goodness of mankind, or that the god(s) -The unthinkable will not become 
wouldn't let us do that to ourselves, or that thinkable before it is too late. The 
we're too scared to bring it off (the government isn't publicizing its 
intellectuals call this "stability through Environmental ]mpa~t Statement on what 
mutual terrorism"). would happen to the US in the event of 

But I have reasoning abilities. I believe a nu~lear war, and the press hasn't risen to 
full·scale nuclear war will occur, and soon. the occasion. Has the San Diego press 
It will be a war in which Americans and described, page one or 20, what would 
Sov iet s and Western and Eas tern happen to San Diegocounty radius by radius 
Europeans and Chinese will die. And those if a ten kilo-ton bomb were exploded above 
that survive - we're denied the perversely Horton Plaza? 
romantic notion of being part of The End - The courts will act to preserve our rights, 
wil! exist horribly. yet will not halt the production of bombs. Or 

Mine is an atomic fatali sm expressed atten tion is riveted on hostages held abroad, 
before by doomsayers whose theories run yet we fail to recognize that we are all 
like so: technology is inevitably used; man is hostages. [ am free to write this, yet in 30 
an aggressive animal; political rulers seek minutes I could be fast moving electrons. 
hegemonic control; phallotechnics (read Ours is a societl.' at the height of hypocrisy, 
"males") will succeed in completing the so high we can t, or won't, see the irony. 
death march for females (radical feminism, - Even if the possibility of mass 
not Psych 3). destruction were well pressed into our · 

All these theories hold water with me, but psyches, we as a people would not be able to 
they're a little general and it took more to reverse the processes that put us in danger. 
persuade me out of Washington, DC. [ We've moved ourselves out of democracy (or 
present here the observations that did it for democracy has moved us into this mess). In 

. me - and should for you, being in a real class I posed this problem: if we were all 
sitting duck of a city. enlightened as to the horror that may befall 

-No nuclear doctrine i safe and no us could we change the situation? I received 
nuclear weapons are safe. Hence, there is no little response but that was expected - in 
such thing as a " margin of safety" in this town my phrasings are always 
nuclear posturing. Because the threat : of indecipherable. What I meant was: now is 
massive retaliat ion against aggression is not the point of no return. 
credible, the "new" US nuclear strategy ' My observations, then , sift down to the 
prepares for limited nuclear war. The term terrifyingly simple: we exist under a hidden 
is dangerous as there will be no limits. The form of totalitarian control, we can do 
new nuclear strategy prepares for nuclear nothing about it and half of us will die most 
war. likely before 1986. 

- Our "democratic"'capitalist state will These pronouncements come from one 
be defended at all costs. An innocent· looking who has never been in a war and has never 
graduate scholar of nuclear doctrine told me had any close brushes with death. It' s scary 
he'd rather see half the US population perish stuff for one who has led such a happy life, 
than have all of u£ dominated by the Soviets. but I'm sure of my conclusions and I try to 
His preference is policy. The existence of a convince others of them (why?). Would a 
massive US atomic arsenal is testimony to cerebral acronym discussion - fortunately 
the decision. made by a relative few, that the I'm incapable of producing one - be more 
death of half of us is preferred to some effective than , say, anarcho·emotional 
perceived (?) alternatives. This i what is pieces? 
called defense policy. Yes, I'm emotional, and scared. My 

-Turbulence on the international scene bunches are rarely wrong. But being mobile 
will increase. The Soviet system will and rational I can act on my fear and 
continue to falter ( 0 much for me being the instinct. I will transPort this body and soul 
Commie at anti·regi tration rallys) and. a to a place where it won't be blown up or 
failing USSR will po 'e more. problem for suffer from blast and radiation, where it 
the world than a confidcnt USSR. And an won't think hourly, lOll cuuld happen 
overconfident US won't help the situation now ... ," where it can dream of its future 
much. without the mental prefacing of. "If I'm 

here ..... and where it can look at its fir t . 
Dorothy Houston is a former UCSD grade picture and Itot think, "Maybe until 

stHdent. only 22 years of Iljte .. ." . 

Monday. March 2, 1981 The Guardian 3 

~hicano students still underrepresented 
In preparation of this 

article, I had to go back three 
years and recount the history 
of MECM at this institution 
and what it has done to fight 
against the decreasing 
numbers of Chicanos and 
Chicanas at every level of 
UCSD. This includes 
students, faculty and staff 
and the overall repre enta· 
tion of Raza on this campus. 

Two letters to Governor 
Edmund G. Brown, Jr., a 
Rail y Agai n st Raci s m , 
meetings with Assemblyman 
Peter Chacon, active 
involvement with the 
Educational Opportunity 
Program , meetings with 
Chancellor Richard Atkin· 
son, meetings with Harold 
Temmer (Office of Relations 
with Schools) and finally. the 
Student Affirmative Action 
Committee (comprised of 
MEChA. Black Students 
Union, Asian American 
Students Alliance, Native 
American Students Alliance, 
Women's Center and the 
Disabled Students Union), 
have all been utili ied to 
correct the deplorable 
conditions and practices 
which Raza is faced with. 

Yet, none of these 
st rategies have proven 
significant in alleviating the 
problem areas, obstacles and 
injustices this' article is 
directed toward. 

MEChA (Moviemento 
Estudiantil Chicano de 
Aztlan) at UCSD has long 
struggled to maintain a high 

Conrado Gerardo is a 

UCSD makes 
level of consciousness within 
its constituency. while at the 
same time defining, defend· 
ing and developing Raza 
within the structures of the 
university . But Raza is now, 
more than ever. coming 
under attack by the racist 
attitudes and practices 
which penetrate every level 
and foundation of this 
institution. 

Raza on this campus has 
reached an outrageously low 
percentage. and yet the 
problem has no immediate 
resolution. Five years ago, 
the percentage of Raza was 
approximately seven per· 
cent, but now it has 
decreased to approximately 
four to five percent on the 
entire campus. This quarter, 
only 24 Chicanos were 
admitted to UCSD. Just 
think, you can often go from 
campus to campus trying to 
find a brown face among the 
white faces with no success. 
On some campuses, we are 
even invisible. 

In 1979, MECM sent a 
letter to Gov . Brown 
outlining the problems which 
were facing Raza, including 
recrutment , retention, 
tenure and the overall 
Chicano/ Chicana proportion· 
al administrative representa· 
tion. It has been two years 
and MEChA ha s r.ever 
received any not ice of 
recognition from Gov. Brown 

nrembe., of MJ!.ChA. 

.Back in Stock 

II-55 
scientific calculator 

.suggested retail $40.00 
our prlc. SI5." 

little effort to increase numbers cancelled by Mr. Chacon's office due to his involvement 
in orne debates in Sacra· 
mento. nor his office regarding the 

issues and reque ts that were 
made in the initial letter. 

MEChA continu ed t o 
combat the declining number 
of Chicano student by 
working with the Education· 
al Opportunity Program . 
Here too, there seemed to be 
an air of complacency and 
lack of commitment to 

: MEChA's ca u se. Many 

attitudes toward Raza and 
other Third World students, 
faculty and staff, MEChA in 
coordination with BStJ , 
AASA and NASA organized 
the "Rall y Against Raci m" 
u ing SAAC as the funding 
organization and the 
organizing body. Because of 
the statewide publicity and 
news coverage that the rally 
received, the outcome of thne 

Again, our work was to no 
avail. Progress that was 
greatly needed wa tied up 
with more red tape, double 
talk and bureaucratic 

. nonsense. Our numbers still 
continued to decline at 
every level and Mr. Chacon 
did nothing significant to put 
UCSD in check for its lack of 
commitment to Raza. 

Commentary lConrado Gerardo i 
Even though Mr. Temmer 

agreed to take SAAC's 
numerical goals seriously, 
hi s com mitment never 
became a rality and the 200 
Chicanos and Chicanas he 
promised to bring to UCSD 
ended up being 24. Mr. 
Temmer's excuse for this 
was that the eligibility pool 
for Raza and other Third 
World students was lower in 
comparison to others in 
California. In other words, he 
was legitimizing his inability 
to recruit more Raza to this 
instit ution . 

times, MEChA received the 
recruitment schedules to 
late; schools that were highly 
concentrated with Raza were 
not part of the schedule; and 
Raza students helping to 
recruit were often rushed to 
the places that EOP was 
recruiting due to the fact that 
information arrived too late 
to MECM. EOP ultimately 
became more of a headache 
than a resource in helping to 
alleviate the decreasi ng 
numbers or to find a viable 
solution. 

It is important to note that 
the Student Affirmative 
Action Committee. which 
MEChA is a member of. is 
st ill working vigorously with 
EOP to correct their poor 
recruitment techniques and 
practices, thus helping in the 
struggle of recruiting Raza. 

Finally , as a strategy of 
exposing UCSD and its 
repressive and raci st 

rally was historically 
sign ificant to Raza and the 
other Third World races that 
participated. 

Immediately after the 
rally, Assemblyman Peter 
Chacon. through his aide 
Eddie Amador, contacted one 
of the spokespersons of 
SAAC to schedule a meeting. 
The meeting was to take 
place at Mr . Chacon's 
headquarters between the 
SAAC organ izat ions, Harold 
Temmer, other university 
represent at ives and M r. 
Chacn. First Mr. Amador met 
with SAAC to gather data 
that had been presented at 
the rally, and met with 
adminsitrative representa' 
tives to view their s ide of 
what students were demon· 
strating about. After all of the 
data from both sides was 
collected , a meeting 
proceeded - bu t not before 
three of these meetings were 

More recently, a series of 
meetings has taken place 
between EOP representa· 
tives, Harold Temmer, 
Chancellor Atkinson and 
SAl.C, but no real commit· 
ment.s have been made to 
increase the number of Raza 
student at UCSD. The only 
real compensation that has 
been made was the hiring of 
10 studnet recruitors to EOP; 
this issue has not been fully 
worked out as far as their 
involvement in the recruit· 

l)icaM' I lirIt 10 lla!olt· X 

AnENTION STUDENT 
. ORGANIZATIONS: 

Space Allocations for the 1981-82 
School Year Will Soon Be Made ... 

Deadline for applications: 
April 3, 1981 

Hearings: 
April 6-12, 1981 

rr=====11-35 ====i1 
pocket sized scientific 

our price $21 .60 
less manufacturer's rebate of $3.00 

,. ........ S1 •• 60 -
Check your mailboxes, which are located 

in Marietta's office upstairs in the 
Student Center, or pick up a form from 
Marco LiMandri in the Student Center 

Offices behind the EDNA desk. 

Starting March 30, • schedule for 
hearings will be posted In the 
~== Organizations OffIce. ===~ 



The Guardian Monday, March 2,1981 

Aguilar is wary of legal interns 
Reg Fee Committee wonders if Aguilar's service is worth the cost 

BY LISA SULLIVAN 
Staff Writer 

Student legal services will be sharply curtailed if 
UCSD installs a new legal clinic from the 
University of San Diego, campus attorney Nick 
ARuiIar warned Ijlst week. 

~ut the Registration Fee Committee is st ilt 
seriously considering replacing Aguilar's $56,700 
service with a USD legal internship program which 
would cost $15,20,000. 

"What do we get for $6O,OOO?" Agu i lar was as ked 
at the Reg Fee budget hearing Thursday. 

ARuiIar, taking two hours to answer this, 
empnasized his familiaritr. with UCSD and 
expertise as an "established' attorney. 

"I was probably one of the first clients at the 
Legal Services," Aguilar began, referring to his 
undergraduate legacy at UCSD in the late 1960s. 
Aguilar played a key role in developing Third 
College, MEChA and the Educational Opportunity 
Program. 

Unlike legal interns, he said he is willing to get 
involved with campus issues such as the academic 
honesty policy, and student-police relations. 

Asked if his close association with 
UCSD administrators creates conflict-of-interest 
Jroblems, Aguilar said that when such problems 
arise " I can refer the client elsewhere." 

Also unlike interns Aguilar said he can provide 
"luxury" services such as drafting wills and 
nand ling ut.r:ontested divorce cases. However, 
after Aguilar left , administration representative 
Tom Hall questioned whether these ervice were 
necessary. 

Aguilar al 0 aid that unlike interns, he has the 
clout to ave tudents from "not so seriou " 
misdemeanors. 

"Law students are not as well known in the 
community ," agreed Marty Block, a student affairs 
advisor at San Diego State whom Aguilar invited to 
the meeting. "The students don't have expertise." 
he added. 

Block discussed the faults of USD's legal clinic at 
SDSU. The interns are unable to work 
continuously throughout the school year, Block 
said, pointing out the inaccessibility of the interns 
during semester break. "It's a big problem, 
especially during finals," he said. 

However, USD pr.omises UCSD that someone 
will always be available by phone during break. 

Aguilar does have a friend at UCSD, though: Vice 
Chancellor of Student Affairs Richard Armitage, 
the final decision-maker on this issue. Armitage 
recently told The Guardian that he will be "open-
minded" if the proposal goes before him, although 
he rejected a similar proposal last year. 

COME IN 

But committee members fear that Aguilar's 
tatus as one of few Chicano administrators on 

campus could influence Armitage's decision . 
Since last year, Aguilar's job has expanded to 

Director of Community Rel ated Services, which 
includes off-campus hou ing and employment as 
well as legal services. A dismantling of the present 
stru cture would not neces arily threaten hi 
employment at UCSD. 

Aguilar estimates that 25t050 percent of his time 
is spent on hi new duties. 

The Reg Fee Comm i ttee also discussed ex pa nd i ng 
the pre ent legal services to include draft 
counseling. 

"I wouldn't want to see (Legal Services) caught 
unprepared" to handle a sudden influ x of students 
if a draft occurs, said Diana Foster, a Muir 
representative. 

Foster thus motioned that the committee hire a 
full-time draft counselor. Her motion was seconded , 
but eventually rescinded upon further discussion . 

Student Legal Services account for 1.5 percent of 
Reg Fee's total budget of $3,983.485. 

The Reg Fee Committee intends to base it final 
decision upon whether Student Legal Service, 
cost ing three times as much a the propo ed USD 
Legal Clinic, offers a more effective ervice. 

~ Collections for Hen AND SEE OUR 
SPRING ~ SUItlNr:K 

iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiij; co LIECTI ON iiiiiiiii~iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii 

• 

25% 
to 

500/0 
orF 

25% 
to 

50% 
OFr 

.-----l'IAM<mR'S CLMRANCf-----. 
25% to 50% Ofr 

on our raD Collection of: 
Suits, Sportcoats, Ties, Shirts, Trousers, Socks, 

'-------- Jackets, Underwear, Wallets _-___ -'--_......J 

---------------------------------------25% orr 
on our new spring styles 

to VCSD Students, I'acu'ty It Staff 

25% orr 
offer good storewide with 

this coupon (excluding sale Items) 
expires March 15, 1981 

25% orr 
---------~----------------------------. Upper Level 

u Jolla Village Square 455-7334 

La JoltiJ 
Village 

Square 

MAGIC RAZOR 
HAlR' D~IGN 

r-------------------------, 
I $5 00 orr offer expires I 
I. 31 March, 1981 I 

I I any hairstyle, includes: shampoo, conditioner, I 
I ' precision cut and blow dry, ' I L _________________________ J 

Aj .... 1700 Open 7 days ~~- Walk-Ins Welcomel 

ScaDeuccrs 
Club MeetIng 
Speaker: 
Last Year's Winner of 
our World Underwater 
Scholarship, Stacy Gighe. 

Wednesday, 
March 4 
7:00 to 
9:00 pm 

Recreation 
Conference Room, 
Rec Gym 

Beverages and 
Spaghetti 
provided. 

I 

Monday, March 2, 1981 

ePEC to release 
reports on UC's gains 
in affirmative action 

This month's CPEC study on the status of women and ' 
minorities in UC's higher· level jobs is the first of a handful 
of ~ports on the university's progress in its affirmative 
action programs for students and employees due to be given 
to the Legislature in coming months. 

At the moment. there are half a dozen other reports in 
progress on UC's affirmative action efforts which were 
required by lawmakers in last year's Budget Act . 

In his ana lysis last week of Gov. Edmund Brown's 
. pr?p?sed budget far UC next year. Legislative Analyst 

WJlh~m .Harr.tn .reC?mmended that UC' programs to 
recr~lt more '!1100rtty st~dents, faculty and staff be 
spothghted dunng the commg season of budget hearings 
before the Senate and Assembly. 

The ~tudies, to be presen.ted ~his spring by either the 
university, CPEe or a combmat1Oll of the two include: 

-an evaluation of student affirmative actio~ programs 
by faculty committees; 

-8 graduate and prQfessional student affirmative actiaft 
plan; 

-a report on recruitment of minority health ~ faculty; , . -.~ 
-an affirmative action plan for the university's trou.WII 

Cooperative Extension; 
-8 reexamination of current (acuity affirmative ~!I,IIIJ, ' 

recruitment practices. . 
M~eD~~,aCPEC~n._;~~= is unusual that the Analyst CboIe to I 

affirmative lCtioft ." IietiMt_ 
1W1-.e .ail~ ell _ tIt::: 

for tbI~~ .. 

I ' 
" 

There's stili room in the 

The Guardian 5 

Nutnber, pay of \V·Otnen, 
tninorities in UC still low 
epEe compares UC with gains made elsewhere 

BY RICK DOWER 
Sacramento Corrcspondenl 

The number of women and ethnic 
minoritie ' employed by UC in faculty and 
executive pos itions and their pay increased 
s lightly over a recent two·year s pan . but not 
enough to achieve parit y with white males in 
the ame jobs. 

That's the finding of a lUdy released la t 
month by the California Post econdary 
Education Commission (CPEC), the state'· 
higher education watchdog. 

The study is the first completed under a 
1977 Assembly bill requiring all segments of 
California higher public education to report 
employment and salary practices for women 
and minorities every two years. The report 
compared gains made for the two groups from 
1977 to 1979 at the community col1eges, state 
universities and colleges and UC . 

The CPEe statistics reveal that the typical 
University of California administrator or 
faculty member is White and earns more than 
$30,000 a year, while women and minorities 
make su bstantially less and are not a likely to 
hold higher-level jobs representative of their 
overall num ber in the workforce. 

The report found that most women 
employed by the University were ' 
concentrated in secretarial and clerical jobs 
and that minority males were most likely to 

wor~.in the service and maintenance category. 
Stili, the survey showed that greater 
n~mbers of women and minorities are being 
hired and promoted by the University than 
ever before, although the increases appear to 
be very slight. 

In the two-year period covered, the num ber 
of w~n:ten c1ass~ as executives, managers or 
adminIstrators Increased from 31.8 pertent in 

1977 to 33.3 percent in 1979. Those on full-
time faculty grew from 15.2 percent of the 
total in 1977 to 16.5 percent two years later. 

During the same period, the number of 
minorit y males. mostly Black. holding 
executive or admintstrative posit ions with UC 
ro e almo t imperceptibly from 8.1 percent to 
8.4 percent of the total pool of administrators. 
Th ir gains were abou tt he same in the faculty . 
category, ri ing from about nine percent in 
1977 to 9.5 percent in 1979. 

Janis Coffey . CPEC's project director for the 
ambitious study. said the gains in 
employment of women and minorities, even 
though relatively slight , are encouraging. 

"At least the numbers aren't going the other 
way," she said. adding that the initial two-

. year study period was probably too short to 
achieve or measure significant change in the 
worKforce. 

She said the figures suggest UC employee 
affirmative action may be having an effect. 

Anthony Martinez, UC's assistant vice 
president of . personnel development and 
affirmative action, said the increases show 
"definite progress" but conceded there 
continues to be serious underrepresentation of 
minorities and women at certain levels of the 
university. 

But he pointed to the faster rate at which 
women and minorities were being hired onto 
faculty positions. outstripping the rate at 
which the uni versity faculty was growing as a 
whole. 

Although women made up less than seven 
percent of the total tenured facu lty in 1977, 
they accounted for 15 percent of the new 

pll-il ,.,~ 1111 ' 11 III ~" .... K 

Hair by 
Micbael 

WIIDfRNfSS AND 
HUMAN VAWr:S ClASS 

~\' ~~ 11P~\ 
C \~ 

Over 10 years experience 
Hairstyling for the entire family 
Precision haircuts your way 

Oet in touch with Wildernessl 
Get in touch with yourself! 

Saturdays 
P&llllO 

UCSD 
Always a tree consultation 

Tuesday thru Saturday 9-5 
Thursday 9-7 

Guest lecturers Inclucre: Pulitzer Prize WInner wallace Stegner, all-women expedition 
leader Arlene 8lum, expert In the study of Baldlstan natives Pat fmerson, wilderness 

historian Rod Nash, and many other exdtlng speakers. 
The following dIscussIon sections are stilI open : The Paradox of Power, Autonomous 

Ufestyles, 1'00<1: The ComplexIties 01 a Bask Need, Wilderness and Human Nature and 
The American IndIan and New American Thought. 

AASAFE 
DRIVING 

7419 La Jolla Blyd. 
call for appointment 

SCHOOL 
u JoI .... -

459-9426 To enroll, drop by HSS 2024 or 2041 ___ ----l 454-3595 

The AS: has immediate 
openings for the 

and 

Elections 
Commission 

Please apply at the AS, 
office with Margo or call 

Debbie at 452-4450. 

Prepare for: 

MeAT • OAT • LSAT. GMAT 
GRE.GRE PSYCH.ORE BID 
PCAT.OCAT.UAT.n1AT.SAT 
nn18I.H.m.ECFIYIG.FLEK.UQE 
NDB I.n·NPB I·NLE 
Flexible Programs & Hours Join our classes now 

to prepare for 
~--------examS----------j 

For Ir]formation about the other centers In more 
[han 80 major U.S. cities and abroad. EOUCA TlOHAl CE HTER 

TEST PREPARATION 
SPECIALISTS SINCE 1938 Call toll free: 

800-223-1782 2180 Garnet. Pac'lfIe Beach 



6 The Guardian 

Weekly Calendar 
servlces/ 
workshops 
MONDAY 
• 'dDOasis Writing Center ~rs ~ 
seMcr for all UCSD studmts wro need pr~ 
writing help. ~ences on crafts. and 
edtIngacMa. WeengageiWlykindofwriting 
and .-ry kind of writing problem. ~rences 
lie by appointment only. call 452-2284 or 
CDtne by 4010 USB to make irI appointment. 

~ appoInrments available Mlnd.¥ 
and Th.I~ at Third Place. Dining 
Comn1OIIS 102lhird Colege. SeMce available 
all quarter. 
,-Revelle Humanities I\sslgnment 
BraInstorm: Small ~ dasses lor Revelle 
students enrolled in l-tlrnanitles Sequena 128 
M1eson section. Preparation tbr writing 
drec1I!d at your partlcular asslgvnent. Class 
meets WI 4070 USB. Sponsored by Oasis 
WritIng Center. crass IMII meet same time. 
same place rIYolqlout the quarter. 

"-Revelle Humanities I\ssignment 
Stall 1StOmI: Small group crass tbr Re\lrlle 
students enrolled In HumanItles Sequence 128 
..Iidcson section. Preparation tbr writing 
drec1I!d at your particular asslg1ment. Class 
meets WI 4070 USB. Sponsored by Oasis 
WritIng Center. crass IMII meet same time. 
same place ~ the quarter. 
I."" InIbrmaI acMsIng sessions with 
the aJORInaIDrs lor bioIogIc.al and health 
sdenCeS. For help In career planning. job 
tultIng. 'and proressionaI sc:nooi preparalion 
1ft Beth · Gex or Ellen Moran. No 
IfIPOIIIb'I'IenCS are necrssary. Please call to 
CDnftnn open hours lie being held. In career 
PIanr*lg & Pfaceme It. 1058 Humanities 
LIbrary. 

IN oasis Target Study Skills Seminar 
CXMf1ng I-bw to ~ lor Finals I!IIeI}' hou' 
an the hIU from ICH in 4010 USB. call 452-
2284 or come by 4010 USB lor more 
Inbmadon. Services are free. 
II-a-The Student Health Information 
~am Is now opening a biofeedback clinic 
tbr the UCSOcommJnity in the studMt center 
a~ the food coop. 
l-4-Grammar Moses Hotline - A grammar, 
hotIile phone-in service lor hefp with diction. 
!1ammar and punctuation problems. To reach 
Grammar Moses. call 452-2284 betWeen I 
and 4. Monday - Friday. Sponsored by Oasis 
WritIng Center. Srrvice available all quarter. 
ZIIO. Reenw Students· Support Group 
- lhis Is a group for Il'lI!n and women reently 
students who are interested in exploring 
Issues arising from both their reentry student 
role aldIor IndMciJal needs. Dan Ryan and 
Sue Macrenato. co-fadJitators. ~ed by 
Counseling & P5)UloIogicaI SeMce and 
warren College PrOl.'Ost's OfIIce. This group 
meets woeek~ at the Rellelle Informal Lou~. 
Call Mary at 452-4350 to ~ up. " 

• 'dOOasis Writing Center offers ~ 
seMa lor all UCSD students wro need pr~ 
writing ~. con~enas on crafts. and 
editing CKMce. We engage iWly kind of writing 
and iWly kind of writing problem. C~ences 
are by appointment only. Call 452-2284 or 
CDtne by 4010 USB to make irI appointment. 
Evening appointments available Mond.¥ 
and Thursdays at Third Place. Dining 
Commons 102 lhird College. Service available 
all quarter. 
• JO-OUick Resume Review Drop-In. 
Humanities and Soda! Science students: 
Come by for a brl~ critique of your res~. 
You must arrM! ear~ in order to be 
CDIl5idered. career PIarlning & Placement in 
HL 1058. 

".'1IM-lnformal adVising sessiOns 
with the coordinator for engineering and 
physical SCiences care,er advising and 
placement For help in career planning and 
job hunting see Maxine Bailey at the Career 
Center. No appointments are neessary. 

~ it is acMsabIe to arrM! early. Please 
call to confirm open hours are being held. I\t 
career PIa1nIng & Placement. HL rosa. 
Io-J-Dasls Target Study Skills Seminar 
cownng How to Stud; for Finals I!IIeI}' hour 
on the hour from 10 to 3 In 4010 USB. 

. IncIMciJallnstructionavailable. call 452-2284 
or come by 4010 USB for more Information. 
Services are free. 

10-1Z-Warren Academic Advising : 
information regarding add/drop procedures 
and petitioning processes is available quickly 
from the Warren COIII!Qe Academic Peer 
Advisors at the Warren Provost OfIice. 
1-4-Grammar Moses Hotline: A grammar 
hotline phone-in service for help with diction. 
grammar. and punctuation problems. To 
reach Grammar Moses. call 452-2284 
between I and 4. Monday - Friday. Sponsored 
by Oasis Writing Center. Service available all 
quarter. 
Z.,o-4-Career options advising for 
Humanities & Social Science students. Si!Jl up 
at Career Planning & Placement for a 15 
minute quick appointment to explore the 
<areer consequences of your major or a 
particular occupational field. in HL 1058. 

4-6-Campus Black Forum - This is an 
informal discussion group centered on issues. 
concerns. and the quality of life of the Black 

commu~ at UCSO. It is irI open. ongoing 
group. and students can join at arry time. 
Meets in the Mt. VIew Lounge of the new 
Third CoIII!Qe apartments. Fadlitator is Phil 
Raphael of Counsefing and Psychological 
Services. Those who would like additional 
information can call Phil at 452-3035; 
otherwise. they can just show up at the 
meetings. 

w.DNISDAY 
~is Writing Center o~rs free 
5eIVice for all UCSO students who need pr~ 
IMltlng help. conferences on drafts. and 
edtIng advice. We engage any kind of writing 
and iWly kind of writing problem. Con~ences 
are by appo/~ only. Call 452-2284 or 
come by 4010 USB to make irI appointment. 
Evening appointments available Mondays 
and Thursdays at Third Place. DIning 
Commons. l02lhird College. Service available 
all quarter. 
.... ,o-MBI\ SdlooI !\dvising Drop-In 
Hours: For iWly questions conceming the 
application process lor MBI\ programs. see 
the pr~law/management ad\iIsor on irI 
informal basis. No appointments necessary. 
but It is advisable to carl firSt and confirm open 
hours are being held in career Plirlning & 
Placement. Hl 1058. 

10-Revelle Humanities Assignment 
Brainstorm: Small group class fcK Revelle 
students enrolled in Humanities Sequence liB 
Wlerschin sectiOn. Preparation for writing 
directed at your particular assl!Jlment. Class 
meets in 4070 USB. Sponsored by Oasis 
Writing Center. Class will [Tleet same time. 
same place throughout the quarter. 
1 •• ....QasIs Target Study Skilis Seminar 
CO\IeI'ing How to Study' for Anals PJer'f hour 
on the hour from 10 to 3 In 4010 USB. 
IndMciJal instruction available. call 452-2284 
or come by 4010 USB for more information. 
Services are free. 

1'-J-The Student ~alth Information 
Program is now opening a biofeedback clinic 
In the student center aboYe the food coop. 
I Z-I-Career options advising tor 
Humanities & Social Sciences students. Si!Jl 
up at career Planning & Placement for a 15 
minute quick appointment to explore the 
career consequences of your major of a 
particular occupational field. in HL 1058. 

1-4-Grammar Moses Hotline - A grammar 
hotline phone-in service !or help with diction. 
grammar and punctuation problems. To reach 
Grammar Moses. call 452-2284 between the 
hours of I and 4 Monday - Friday. Sponsored 
by Oasis Writing Center. Service available all 
quarter. 

1-4-UC~ career Connection Workshop. 
"Discover )<lUr Iliclclen skills and connect them 
to possible occupations... Si!Jl up in the 
career Plirlning & Placement Otrice. HL 1058. 
Held in tile Warren Provost's Conf Rm. 

1o.aG-/nformal advising sessions. with the 
coordinators for biological and health 
sciences. For Ilelp in career planning. job 
hunting. and professional school preparation. 
see Ellen Moran or Beth Gex. No 
appointments are necessary. Please call to 
confirm open hours are being held. At career 
Planning & Placement 1058 HL 

Z~ick ,A,ppointments: for more 
indMciJal attention. sign up fcK a 15 minute 
quick appointment with the pre-
law/management acMsor tor information 
regarding admissions to raw school or MBI\ 
programs. They can be ~Ied on 
Wednesdays betweer1 2:30 and 4. SigrHJps at 
Career Planning and Placement. Hl 1058. 

4-Revelle Humanities Assignment 
Brainstorm: Small group class for Revelle 
students enrolled in Humanities Sequence 108 
Mosshammer section. Preparation for writing 
directed at your particular assi!Jlment. Class 
meets in 4070 USB. Sponsored by Oasis 
Writing Center. Class INill meet same time. 
same place throughout the quarter. 

THURSDAY 
..... --C>asis Writing Center offers free 
service for all lXSO students who need pre-
lNI'iting help. conferences on drafts. and 
editing iKNice. We engage any kind of writing 
and any kind of writing prOblem. Conferences 
are by appointment only. call 452-2284 or 
corne by 4010 USB to make an appointment. 
E\IeI1ing appointments available Mondays 
and Thursdays at Third Place. Dining 
Commons 102 Third College. Service available 
all quarter. 
9-J-Wclrren College Academic Advising -
Ouick advise on acacIemic information can be 
found at the Warren College Provost office 
through tile peer advisors. Come in and get 
fast answers to your troubing questions. At 
Warren College PrOllOSt OfIice. 
1G-J-Oasis Target Study Skills Seminar 
cOllel'ing How [0 Study tor Finals every hour 
on the hour from 10 to 3 in 4010 USB. 
Individual instruction available. call 452-2284 
or come by 4010 USB for more information. 
Services are free. 
n-J-The Student Health ' Information 
Program is now opening a biofeedback clinic 
in the student center aboYe the food coop. 

I~rammar Moses Hotfine - 1\ grammar 
hotline phone-in service for help with diction • 
grammar and punctuation problems. To reach 
Grammar Moses. call 452-2284 between 1 
and 4. Monday - Friday. Sponsored by Oasis 
Writing Center. Service available all quarter. 
z.1IJO-/nformal advising sessions with the 
coordinators for biological and health 
sciences. For help in career planning. jot> 
hunting. and professional Wl(IOI preparation 
see Ellen Moran or Beth Gex. No 
appOinunents are necessary. Please call to 
confirm open hours are being held. At career 
Plarving & Placement. 1058 HL 

~Y 
• 'dOOasis Writing Center o~ free 
service lor all lXSO students who need pr~ 
writing help. c~ on crafts. and 
ercIting advice. We engage any kind ofwritlng 
and any kind of lNI'iting problem. Cc>r*rences 
are by appointment on~. Call 452-2284 or 
come by 4010 USB and make irI appointment. 
Evening appointments available Mondays 
and Ttursdays at Third Place. Dining 
Commons 102 Third College. Service available 
all quarter. 
..... I~w School Advising Drop-In 
Hours: For any questions concerping the 
application process for law school. see the 

p~raw/management advisor on an informal 
basis. No appointments are necessaIY. but it is . 
aOJisaOle to call first and confirm that open 
hours are being held. career Planning Hl 
1058. 

• O-J-Oasis Target Study ' Ski/is Seminar 
covering HoIN to Study for Anals PJer'f hour 
01 the hour from 10 to 3 In 4010 USB. 
Individual instruction available. call 452-2284 
or rome by 4010 USB for ITl(R Information. 
Services are free. 

. 

"-'J-Career options advising for 
Humanities & Social ScIences students. Sign 
up at career Planning & Placement lor a 15 
minute quick appointment to explore the 
career consequences of your major or a 
partlcular . occupational field. I\t career 
Planning & Placement. 1058 HL 
I-Z-Career Options I\dvising for 
Humanities & Sodal Science students. Si!Jl up 
at Career Planning & Placement for a 15-' 
minute quick appointmer1t to exprore the 
career consequences of your major or a 
partirular occupational IIeId. In HL 1058. 

I-4-Warren COIII!Qe !\cademic Advising -
Peer AdvisOrS are available at the Warren 
Provost omce to help you sort through your 
schedule and qffer options lor your major and 
minor areas of~tudy. Warren College Provost. 

I~rammar Moses Hotline: A grammar 
hotline phone-In service for help with diaion. 
grammar and punctuation problems. To reach 
Grarrmar Moses. call 452-2284 ~ I 
and 4. Monday - Friday. Sponsored by Oasis 
Writing Center. Service available all quarter. 

sports/ 
recreation 
The ~ Club has Open Shoot all day 
PJer'f day this week on the lXSO Arr:hery 
Range. 

Monday, March 2, 1981 

MONDAY 
U-UI4S-Noon Conditioning will meet for 
practice every day this week. starting at 12 in 
the Wrestling Room of the Main Gym. 
4-S-The Table Tennis Club is ' holding 
practice every day from 4-5 in the Rec Cont. 
Rm. 
4-6-The Gymnastics Club w ill be holding 
practice every day starting at 4 on tile South 
Balcony of the Main Gym . 
.10-The Israeli Folkdance Club will hold a 
practice tonight. starting at 8 in the Rec Conf. 
Room. 

TUUDAY 
.100m-The Wrestling Club will be 
meeting for practice today at Bam. Old 
wrestlers are needed. join us for some re-
conditioning in the wrestling room of the 
main gym. 
1Z-U:45-Noon Conditioning meets for 
practice in the Wrestling Room of the Main 
Gym. 

4-6-The Gymnastics Club meets on the 
South Balcony of the Main Gym. 
5-S145-The Judo Club will hold practice 
both Tuesday and Thursday. starting at 5 in 
the Wrestling Room in the Main Gym. 
.11-The Racquetball Club holds Club 
Night at the Sorrento Valley Racquet Club 
tonight at 8. Come on downandjoin inl 52 for 
three hours. Carpools leave at 7:45 from the 
Urey Hall mallbox. 

WIIDNESDAY 
1201 ZI45-Noon conditioning meets in the 
Wrestling Room of the Main Gym. 
I-I-The Juggling Club meets on the Muir 
lawn today at J. If it rains. meet in the 
Wrestling Room. - . 
M-The Table TenniS Club meets in the Rec 
Conference room. 
4-6-The Gymnastics Club meets on the 
South Ba/co~ of the Main Gym. 

...... Aikido Club haS practice today from 
6:30 to 8 in the \XttestHng Room of the MaIn 
G,m. 
7-9--The Gong Fu Club meets today in the 
AdapM Room of the Main G,m. 
7-9--Sea Deucers Club meeting. AI Bruton. 
speaks on Rocks. Reefs. Rips. Free spaghetti 
and bellerage. AI is President of San Diego 
Council of Divers and San Diego Ufe Guard 
captain. /n tile lrec Conf Rm. 

1HURSDAY 
.IG-The Wrestling Club has practice today 
at 8 am. Old wrestlers are needed. join us for 
some re-conditioning In the Wrestling Room 
of the Main G)m. 
'lolZI4S-Nocin conditioning meets in the 
Wrestling Room of the Main Gym. 
4-6-The Gymnastics Club has practlce .on 
the South Balcony of the Main Gym. 

S51tS The.lJdo ClIb has practice in the 
Wresting Room in the MaIn Gym. 
J..9--The Gong Fu Club meetS in the 
Adaptive Room. 
.11-The Racquetball Club holds Club 
Night at the Sorrel)to Valley Racquetball Club -
tonight at B. Come on down and join inl 52 for 
3 hours. carpools leave at 7:45 from the U'ey 
Hall mailbOx. 

fRIDAY 
1101Z145-Noon cor.lditioning meets in the 
Wrestling Room o.f the Main G)m. 
lo'-The Synchronized Swimming Club will 
be holding practice at 2-3 at the pool. 
4-S-The Table ·Tennis Club meets In the Ret. 
Cont. Rm. 
4-6-The Gymnastics Club meets on the 
South Balcony of t/:Ie Main Gym . . 

SA1UIlDAY 
10-1 J-The !\jkido Club will hold a practice 
in the Wrestling Room. 
II-Z-The lJtlmate Frisbee Club will hold 
practice on Third College ~eId. 
4-6-The Boxing ClIb will hold its practice 
session in the Adaptive Room. 

SUNDAY 
I.,J-The SynchroniZed Swimming Club 
will be holding practice today in the pool. 
'-4-fCarate \Xmrkshop. north calco/,\,. main 
gym. 53 at door or at Campus Rec. 

ple.8e tum to page 7 

Monday, March 2 , 1981 The Guardia n 

ruESDAY 

Weekly Calendar 
6:30-l t's the ninth week. do you know 
where you are gOing aver spring break7 
Come to the Outing Club meeting and 
mountaineering film festival. and make some 
plans I Everyone welcome I In the Rec Gym 
Conf Rm. 

continued from page 6 

meetings 
MONDAY 
9-SAM Committee meeting. Program 
CommIttee. SAM omce. game conference 
rm. 2nd floor. office '# 4. 
Io-n-learn about career opportunities 
w/Bechtel Corporation. Attend the group 
presentation at the Revelle 'Formal Lounge 
today. 
1-2-Learn about career opportunities 
w/Bechtel Corporation. Attend the group 
presentation at the Revelle Formal Lounge 
today. 
S-Citizens' Party meeting. all welcome. It's 
time to balance the scalel In the Women's 
Resource Center. 
S-Israel Action . Committee: Does PlO 
terrorism have you bummed7 Do you like 
reading backward7 Is falafel your idea of 
ambrosia7 Are blue and white your favorite 
coloo? If you answer yes to any of these. or if 
}QU simply w ish to know lNhat on Earth we 
are talking about. come to tile lAC meeting in 
the fishbowl, Muir Campus. 

TUESDAY 
6:IG-Union of .jewish Students: Drugsl Sexl 
Rock and roil I None of these things will be at 
the UJS meeting. but }QU will get to meet 
with the funniest. most delightful people on 
campus. Be there. Aloml In the Graduate 
Student Conference Room next to the 
Registrar's. 
6:IO-Outing' Club meet i ng and 
mountaineering film festivail Plan your spring 
break get-away trip. Everyone welcomel Rec 
Gym conference room. 
7-Surf Club Meeting USB 4020B. 
811o-Spanish Club: Film lazarillo in Revelle 
Formal Lounge. 

WEDNESDAY 
S-lJEO pop events meeting in stud; nt 

'center, Bldg. B. • ~ 
8:30-German Club: Heinz Tengier will 
speak on "Die Gruppe 4 T in Beagle Hall 

. apartment. 

tHURSDAY 
4-Women's Resource Center General 
Meetings are every Thursday at 4. The first 
session of Auto Mechanics for Women is not 
full yet. Come in to the Center and sign up 
mwl The class is held on Saturdays from 10 - 2 
for 6 sessions. Instructor: Vicki Hayes. Be at 
the Women's Resource Center on March 7 at 
10 if you're interested. It's only S2 a session. 
Remember to park your car by the 
illternational Center . 

S-lJEO special events meeting in the 
student center. Bldg. B. 
6:JO-SAM general meeting. ail invited in 
P&lIllO. 
8:.JO-French Club: Film Diaboligue. with 
Simone Signoret in Revelle Formal Lounge. 

religious 
I-Ufe and teachings of Jesus Christ LOS 
New Testament class in illS Institut~ Bldg 
across Itle street from TIoga. 
6.S9-TGIT IThank God Irs- Tuesday, Flesh 
Gordon may give you a "cheap" thrill. but at 
TGIT you'II learn about a lasting joy . 
Sponsored by Campus Crusade for Christ. IlI-
A Chancellor's Complex. 
9-Catholic Bible Study at University 
lutheran Church, 9595 la ..Qlla Shores Dr. 

WEDNESDAY 
. 7-Basic Jewish Concepts: A class by Rabbi 

Moshe Ueder of Chabad. Everyone invited to 
attend. P&L 2322. 

7.~h Wed1esday worship service w ith 
distrioution of ashes. catholic, lutheran. 
Episcopal and Presbyterian clergy will lead. All 
are ~come at University lutheran CHurch. 
9595 La Jolla Shores Dr" ac.ross the street 
from Revelle College. 

THURSDAY 
J-Ufe and teachings of .Jesus Christ in LOS 
New Testament class in LOS Institute Bldg. 
across the street from TIoga. 

7:10-" Is There life after Death and Birth Tis 
the topic for discussion at tonight's lutheran 
Inquirers Seminar. In the lounge of University 
lutheran Church. 9595 La Jolla Shores Drive. 
next to Revelle College. 

FRIDAY 
12 noon-LOS Friday forum. luncheon wi th 
speaker in lOS Inst itute Bldg, across the street 
from TIoga. 

7:30pm-Trident Christian FellOWShip 
Intervarsity. Come hear Dr. Ricmrd Norlin. 
PhD on The Christian and the Intellect Part II . 
Also. there will be a presentation from World 

. Vision. Come for fellowship. Bring a friend. In 
the North Conference Room. 

SATURDAY 
S-CattJQlic Mass at University lutheran 
Church. 9595 la Jolla Shores Dr. 

SUNDAY 
8:IO-Catholic Mass at University lutheran 
Church. 9595 La Jolla Shores Dr. 

1 o-t..utherarl Service of the Word for Lent by 
Pastor John Huber. Open to all. At University 
lutheran Church. 9595 La Jolla Shores Dr 
across Itle street · from Urey Hall. .• 
10:JO-Catholic Mass, University lutheran 
Church. 9595 la Jolla Shores Dr. 

11 :27-looking for a church where students 
go to worship 7 We are a body of over 500 
college-age dults (18-24' ~ ... f'.o meet to 
fellowship together, encourage one another 
and develop a growing relationship with God 
thru Jesus Christ. University Worship Service 
at 11 :27 am. Sunday College level 8ible 
seminars. 47457 College Ave .• SO lnear State' 
10:10 am. Info: 582- 7324. 

12 noon-Episcopal Eucharist. University 
lutheran Ch(Jrch, 9595 /.;l Jolla Shores Dr. 
S-Catholic Mass. University lutheran" 
Church. 9595 la Jolla Shores Dr. 

entertainment 
MONDAY 
7:JO-Bridge Instruction and Play: We offer 
lessons on bidding and rechniques and play to 
everyone. We will meet in the gameroom 
above the student center at 7:30. 

Ii 
•• 
III 
• II 
III 
8 
--

7-Film titled Mexico : The Frozen Revolution. 
One of the best commentaries on political 
experiences. revolut ion. and Mexico today. 
Analyzes the forces which have molded 
modern Mexico into w hat it is today. 
Sponsored by Third College Program Board. 
Running t ime is about, 65 minutes Iso you 
really do have the t imel) In TLJ-i 104. free. 
7:10. 9 & 10:JO-Umited Engagement: 
"The Groove T~be" returns for 3 snowings 
Tuesday night In TLH 107. Get your tickets 
earlyl Safety Sam says this film Is good for your 
health Short feature: " \M'lat's Opera Doc" 
lwith 8. 8unny,. AdmiSSIOn 52. 
l-New Music & Music Theatre: Four recent 
works by Toru Takamitsu. Regent lecturer in 
Residence. UCSD Music Department. under 
supervision of the composer. performed by 
Sonor & menners of performance ensembles 
directed by Bernard Rands. Also. luCi~ 
Berio's provocative epic theatre piece. 
"Passagio." Mandeville Auditorium. free. 

WEDNESDAY 
~SO New Poetry Series: featuring Steve 
Roberts, Cin~ SCary and Garth Tschernisch in 
the Revelle Formal Lounge. 

THURSDAY 
1:Z noon-Music Department Seminar in 
Mandeville Recital mil. 
7-Three films on labor struggles: "Song of 
the Canary." a powerful documentary on the 
endangering of workers' lives. "Salt of the 
Earth." the classic fiim on the year-long strike 
of Mexican-American miners produced by 
blacklisted HoII}'lM>Od filmmakers. "Free ' 
Voice of Labor," deals with labor struggles in 
New York and the role the .Jewish AnarchistS 
played in them. USB 2722. tree. 
7:JO-Che Cafe Poetry Series: teaturing 

. Howard Norman at Che Cafe Iformer Coftee 
Hut,. 
8, Thun-Sun-Presented by the UCSD 
Depa~ment of Drama this weekend plus 
March 12 - 14, the John Muir Theatre 
Ensemble will p erform "To Be Young, Gifted 
and Black.'!. direaed by Dr. Arthur Wagner. 
Ths dramatic portrait of Lorraine Hansberry 
Will be staged at the John Muir Theatre. 
located in the Humanities and Social Sciences 
ouilding room 2250. each evening at 8. 
Lorraine HanSberry is no ted for her 
triumpmnt "A Raisin In the Sun. " and "The 
Sign in Sydney Brustein 's Window:' excerpts 
ow which are included in " To Be Young. 
Gifted and 8lack," a theatrical collage of her 
autobiographical and creative writ ings 
compiled by her husband. Robert Nemiroft. A 

7 

fast-paced, powerful. touching and hilarious 
kaleidoscope of constantly shifting scenes. 
moods and images recreating the world of a 
great American woman and artist. 99¢ at door 
only. 

FRIDAY 
8-UCSD's annual Winter Dance Concert 
d irected by Patricia Rincon in Mandeville Main 
Theatre. S3.50 general. 52 students. 
8-"To Be Young. Gifted and Black" in the 
John Muir Theatre, 99¢ at door ~. 

SATURDAY 
I-"To Be Young. Gifted and Black" at the 
John Muir Theatre. 99¢ at door only. 

SUNDAY 
a-" To be Young. Gifted and Black" in the 
John Muir Theatre, 99¢ at door only. 

lectures 
TUESDAY 
4-Astrophysics/Space Physics Seminar on 
"lunar Dust Transport Phenomena" with 
speaker Dr. Dave Criswell, Houston. Texas. in 
1110 P&l. 
8-Anti-Zionism is anti-semitism. Dennis 
Praeger will document this at a lecture at 
Montezuma Hall. SDSU. The LA.C is organizing 
car pools. meeting at 7:15 at the UJS office. 

WEDNESDAY 
4-Chemi cal -Physics Seminar : " Laser 
Selective Chemistry: A Real Challenge" by 
speaker Prof. Ahmed Zewail. /.;lboratory of 
Chemical Phys ics. Calif. Institute of 
Technology. Pasadena. CA in USB 2622. 
4-Drganic Chemistry Seminar: "Recent 
Developments in the Total SynthesiS of 
Natural Products" by speaker Prof. Robert H. 
Schlessinger. University of Rochester. 
Rochester NY in TLJ-i 104. 
4-P/asma Physics Seminar ""'celerating 
Electrons with Transverse Cavity Modes" by 
speaker Dr. Nino Peri era, Western Research • 
in 3405 Mayer Hall. 
7-The Health Sciences Advisory Program 
presents "Women in Medicine" - enjoy an 
Informal evening with some of San Diego's 
noted women physicians as they share their 
educaitonal and professional experiences 
with you. For additional information call Ellen 
Moran or Beth Gex at Career Planning & 
Placement. 452-3750. In the Revelle Formal 
Lounge. 

tHURSDAY 
IZ noon-Bi o chem istry Sem i nar : 
" M echan is m o f Ca lfium Binding to 
Fibrinogen" by speaker Dr. F. Haverkat. 
Gaubius Inst itute. Leiden, the Netherlands in 
BSB 2100. 



.8 The Guardian 

In JOur futu,.? 

~esearch ~nd development in 
* electronics 
* computer science 
* mechanical engineering 
* physics 
* mathematics 

See our representative for an on campus 
interview . March 10 I 

NAVAL OCEAN SYSTEMS CENJER· SAN DlEGO,CALIFORNIA 

• U.S. citizenship required. An equal opportunity employer. Federal Civil Service 
6allfornia \\tstern School of Law 

-------------- F~D1~4--------------
Acaedltcd by the American Bar Association and a member of ~ 

Amalclln Association ot law Schools 
.l\ppliclltlons tor Fell of 1981 are still being accepted While the ~ 

d our students COIIIt: from 110'055 America, this )/'Car __ are meldng a 
specieI attempt to mekc room for ,A,U. qUlllfled California students. 

Cell or wrk todIIy tor your brochure and application form: 
Adtnlilloni AHiItMl 

UO CcdIr 51. (714) 139-OJ91, 50, CA ft101 

son 
CONTACT LENSES 

Special offer: 

$150 
includes: 

soft lenses - care kit 
Plano sunglasses 

follow up care 
and examination 

Robert M. Heller, 0 .0. 
La Jolla Village Square Mall 
Lower Level 
452-7374 

leUlCh. Lomb 
IOfIcns end 

IUpplles aqllablc 

Going home for Spring Break? 
Airfares are going up again, but buying your 

ticket novv can protect you against price hikes later. 
OIn UI or drop by todayl 

~IOE . ORlO TOURS 455-7710 . also open evenings 
and Saturdays 

convenientty located in 
La Jolla Village Square next to Bullock's Wilshire 

Explore UC Davis Attention: Graduate 
Studies 

Biological and Physical 
Sciences Students 

Meet • RcprcscntMlft, on CMIpus: 
Thursday, March 5, 9 am to 12 noon 

North Conference Room, Student Center 
Infonnatlon about: Graduate and Professional 

School Programs, Application Procedures, 
'-====== FellO'vVShips. =====~ 

In c""""'""" ......... _allOIId ..... _1OIId~" 0CI0CY . ..... ~ d CoIo_ do<S no< 
dl!lCl'tfTWlIl: 0"1 Ihr: btId at facC, cob, f'll1Clf\lf (l1S'1\ rrtlSO'\ ... lW1dIcaJ . • Of ..... orsebtcd 

wts (Y W'teans Clint ~n.tm fl. Thr tInIwtIItv cJ CaNomtI" '" ~M: tdfOn/fQUII 

-~ 

Monday. March 2.1981 

Minorities, 
women at -
UC still few 
... 11111 II III <l (rOIl! pagl .-, 
professors hired over the 
ensuin~ two years, morethan 
doubling their earlier 
employment rate. 

Minority males - mo tly 
Blacks and Hispanics - who 
also represented arou nd _ 
seven percent uf the total UC 
tenured faculty in ] 977, were 
hired at the rate of nearly 11 
percent into faculty positions 
by 1979. 

Gain for women and 
minorities into the executive 
ranks of UC were not as great 
compared to faculty posi-
tions. 

Although women in 1977 
made up 32 percent of all 
administrators at UC, they. 
accounted for 37 percent of 
the new hires into that 
category for the next two 
years. 

Minority males made up 
eight percent of th executive 
workforce in 1977 but were 
hired by UC at a rate of 10 
percent two years later. 
Minority females were hired 
into the executive ranks in 
1979 three times as often as 
they were in 1977, when they 
comprised less than one 
percent of the total. 

Salaries for women and 
minori ty faculty and 
administrators also in -
creased, but not as rapidly as 
salaries for White males. 

Sixty-nine percent of all 
White males in the execut ive-
administrator class earned 
more than $30,000 in 1979, 
but only about a third of the 
women in the s ame 
class ification earned that 
much, according to the 
report . 

Fewe r than h alf the · 
minority male executive and 
admini strato r s earned 
$30,000 in 1979, although 
that was twice as many who 
earned that much two years 
earlier. 

In faculty salaries, wome'n 
in 1979 continued to be paid 
considerably less than men . 
Only 14 percent of the women 
faculty at UC - also twice as 
many a made that much in 
1977 - earned more than 
$30,000 last year, although 37 
percent of the men did. 

Chicanos 
continued from page 3 
ment process or how it will 
affect Raza. 

The problems which are 
hindering the progress of 
Raza at this university are 
not new. They have existed 
for the past decade. [n April 
1974, a comprehensive 
"Chicano Task Force 
Report" was compiled , 
outlining the problems and 
making recommendations to 
the nine UC campuses on 
how to help mobilize Raza . 

. Yet in 1981, the s ituation of 
Chicanos and Chicana s 
continues to deteriorate and 
no signs of progressive action 
or commitment has taken 
place. 

All of the above can only be 
used as testimony and 
evidence that UCSD must be 
exposed for its lack of 
commitment to the Raza 
population of San Diego and 
California . It is time that thi 
institution of higher learning 
be forced to take notice and 
remedy the negative po ilion 
it ha taken in regard to our 
future. 

Monday, March 2.1981 

Toru TakeDlitzu 
on composing 

BY SID CORBETT 
" Creati v it y is ve r y 

beautiful. To a composer 
music is an important job. [ 
think. But it is more 
important to li sten ." A broad 
smile cover Toru Take-
mitzu 's face. "We must be 
carefu I not to be too creat ive . 
We mus t not sacrifice the 
sound for the idea." The 
compose r' s ton e grows 

serious . "The composer's 
art," he continues after a long 
pause, "is in the reflection. 
The sounds are already out 
there. " 

In these words, Regents 
• Lecturer Toru Takemitzu 

reveals his consuming 
creative ambition, and one of 
the characteristics of his 
music. Takemitzu 's mus ic 
expresses a sensitive balance 
between two fundamental 
elements, the first being the 
inner world of colors, image 
and dreams, which is itself a 
reflection of the second, more 
comprehensive natural 
sound environment. The 
music of Toru Takemitzu is 
harmony between nature and 
the soul. 

The mu ical career ofToru 
Takemtizu, UCSD's Regents 
Lecturer for 1980-81 , began 

under the inau s pici ou s 
c ir c um s t a n ces of the 
American occupation of his 
native japan after WWIT. It 
was in Tok yo militar y 
hos pital (w here the young 
Takemitzu was a tuberculo-
s is patient) that he received 
his first wide expo ure to 
mus ic, mostly through the 
American and English radio 
of the 1940s. In addit ion to 
jazz and the popular radio 
mus ic of the day. Takemitzu 
received hi fir t exposure to 
the western classical 
tradition. " [ remember once 
hearing a piano piece(Pre-
tude. Chorale. and Fugue) by 
(French Romanticis t) Cesar 
Franck. [ remember how 
impressed I was at that time. 
Of course, now I don 't like 
Franck so well, but I went out 
and bought the score of the 
mus ic. By chancet the piece 
was played again and I was 
able to follow along." This 
was the first formal training 
in music Takemitzu was to 
have. However, the first 
mu s ic to significantly 
coincide with his own inner 
voice was the ~ music of 
impres s ioni s t Claude 
Debus y. It is not surprising 
that the music of Debussy 
also s hares a distinct 
relation hip with nature. 
Debussy's remark. "every 
sound we perceive with the 
acute inner ear is the innate 
rhythm of the world can be 
repre se nted mu s ically " 
reveals the close philosophic 

The Guardian 

affinity ofthe two composers. 
When Takemitzu s im-

proved condition allowed him 
to leave the_ hospital , his 
attention turned solely to 
music. He studied for one 
year with japanese composer 
Kyose, under whose tutelage 
Takemitzu received the 
rudiment s of musical 
notation . He then resolved to 
translate hi compositional 
reflection s. Takemit z u 
attributes much of hi s 
success to chance, but it is a 

. type of "chance" that reveals 
true artistry and allows it to 
naturally ascend. 

"One day. " he recalls. "I 
was riding the train when the 
person seated beside me 
asked if [ were a mus ician. 
(He had noticed a score [was 

, 

~OOp· 4 9~UC1OU5 C~lCe7 9~LY. _____ 2· 99 
"~D ~. eNo~1)OIJ5) e,~{7~ ~~5t1 __ ,:,.:19 

QU\C~e..· ~I~ fR~ ~ ()veNb ~. 15'" 
.?~~IC~e~· ~e. -(0 cAve?>.. (vLL CUI 2·85" 

C~~~ 15~ ~. ~v'DC~J)O 5O~t1(1RD' 1z. cl.fC2.IO 
600p + ~ ~ ~.75 ~ ~~~!)\v'C~t SOOPQB 5~~T) ~.7S" 
60tW t ~IC~ 5.49 
~D t ~~DlJICl-7 S·1S" . 

QOtc~e, ~ ~ ~ 6.7S-
1't\~ ~e !f~~ \~l..UQe ~~,~~ <'1~ • F~~ 

fR\),'f", YoO (')At ~fUP.N f~~ ~e.COND5 (~ctP( ~ta\t 

9 

Regents Lecturer Toru Takemitzu 

working on .)" As it turned 
out. the gentleman was a 
conductor for one of japan's 
more prominent orchestras, 
who also coincidentally lived 
very near Takemitzu . 
Takemitzu finished the score 
and brought it to the 
conductor. In 1957, his 
Requiem for Strhlgs was 
premiered and recorded in 
Tokyo. Takemitzu recalls 
" the review' were very 
bad, . .'thi is not music,' they 
said, 'but horrible and ugly 
ounds. · .. However. one very 

significant c ri t ic held a 
different opinion. 

On a tour of the east in 
which Igor Stravinsky was to 
conduct performances of his 
own music, the interna-
t ionally famou s composer 

was invited to hear some 
contemporary japanese 
music, including Take-
mitzu's Requiem for Strings. 
Of all the many pieces 
Stravinsky heard. he singled 
out only Takemitzu's, and 
arra-nged a meeting. 
Takemitzu recalled the 
terror he felt at meeting such 
a musical giant as Stravin-
sky. . 

"When we met. the first 
thing he said to me was . 'how 
coul:l such big music come 
from such a small man?' It 
was exact Iy w hat I was about 
to ask him." When Aaron 
Copland visited japan shortly 
thereafter. hoe also singled out 
Takemitzu's Requiem as the 
mos t promis ing japanese 
piece he heard . 

THE MOST HILARIOUS 
WILDEST MOVIE IS HEAE! 

"May be the funniest movie of the 
year. Rush to see it!" - Minneapolis Tribune 

"A smashing, triumphant satire!' 
-SeatUe Pas 1 Inleillgencer 

"Riotously, excruciatingly funny:' 
-Milwaukee Senllnel 

"Consistently hilarious and 
brilliant!' - Bail lmore Da,ly Record 

"Insanely funny, outrageous and 
Irreverent!' - Bruce W,ll iamson-PLAYBOY MAGAZI NE 

Color 
Films Incorporaled 

.. Syt'l J'an, 
fnlt·OtI U \ 

P,'\tn141 101' 
OtSII~lfG 0, 

I f '"'' P,<-m. n 
I'mI'! COfDOf.'1OI'I 

and 5hort ~aiturc, 'Whal's Opera, PoeT wHtIlIu9S lumy 
Tuesday, March 3 7:30,9:00, 10:30 THL 107 

nckm 52.00 at th~ box oMc~ or door 
Sponsored by the Model U.N. 



I, 

The Guardian Monday, March 2, 1981 lO~==================================~ ____ ~, __________ -===~~~= 

MlIlDUIICIIIG 
THII"DOI 

IYIlDB.ft 
.' Our 

comfy pillows. 

Our 
magnificent view. 

Their 
comfy pillows. 

Their 
magnificent view. 

SIming May 19, well get you to Europe from 
I.A just like die ocher airlines. But at • price that 
iIIl't ClOIIIidered grand theft. 

WIIb at.lIutely 110 restrictions.. No advance 
purcbMe. No minimum stay. No penalties. 

Startirw June 2. well oller 747 service, 
and well have die only non-stop scheduled 
ICrVice from I.A to Shannon. You can stop-

Our night 
attendant's smile. 

Their night 
attendant's smile. 

ae (unrestricted) (unrestricted) 
Our 

incredible price. 
Their 

incredible price. 

over in Shannon on your way to or from 
Amsterdam for free. And return from 
either city. 

Ask aboUt our 10% discount to boIders of the 
International Student J.U Card. 

Fer _ ..... QlIMJD.772-26M tID Bay 
Area, 415-577-63001 or yeMII' lnIVeI.-, ADd 
help .... _ md 10 Ikyway robbery. 

T Transamerloa Airlines 
Information and tickets available at CIEE 

Student Travel. 451-0630. 

Bitchin rockabilly 
disc frOIn England 

. , 

(Pearl Harbour' no disaster 
Don 'i Follow Me, 1 'm Lost Too 
- Pearl Harbour (Warner 
Brothers) 

There was this bitchen TV 
show on Saturday mornings 
recen t I y. ( m ported from 
England, Lei's Rock took the 
viewer on a whirlwind tour of 
the rock music of the latter 
half of the 1950s, wit h a 
significant stopover in the 
rocka billy . The series 
employed overactive camera 

of the early '60s. before she 
went on to fame with "ToSir 
With Love" and "The Boat 
That I Row." 

Now there's this bitchen 
LP just out on Warner 
Brothers Records. Recorded 
in England , DOll 'I Follow Me, 
I'm Lost Too take another 
trip back to the rock of the 
'50s, again with an emphasis 
on rockabilly. 

. The performer i Pearl 

Records/Mikel Toombs 
work, frenzied choreography 
and dubbed audience noises 
to maintain an artificially 
high level of excitement 
around its performers, which 
included such ersatz talen t as 
Freddie "Fingers" Lee (a poor 
Jerry Lee Lewis clone) and 
Shakin' Stevens (a pretty 
good early Elvis). 

Actually, Let's Rock was 
more than a little bit silly, 
(though not anywhere as 
moronic as the domestic Sha 
Na Na) , but it did have its 
moments. Many of these 
were provided by occasional 
guest star Lulu who, unlike 
the series regulars, is the 
genuine article. Wearing 
black leather and belting out 
"Mystery Train ," Lul1,l 
recaptured the energy of her 
R&B-influenced recordin~s 

Harbour, previously known 
as Pearl E. Gates . Her new 
album, like Lei's Rock, has its 
moments, but overall it too is 
a trifle silly. Unfortunately, 
Harbour is closer to Shakin' 
Stevens than to Lulu . 

Pearl Harbour is undenia-
bly talented, possess ing a 
tine, evocative voice and a 
knack for writing catchy 
songs. What she does not 
seem to have, though, is an 
ability to go beyond the 
superficial in either her 
si n~ing or her composition. 

Don 'I Follow Me, 1 'm Losl 
Too presents a promising 
s inger having a lot of fun, 
some of which rubs off, but 
its lack of genuine s incerity 
prevents it from being an 
ourstanding record . 

AneNTIONSTuoeNT 
ORGANIZATIONS': 

• 

UCSD OPEN HOUSE 
MAY 3,1981 

... the deadline for participation acceptance 
is March 3, 1981. If your organization would 

like to join in the fun, contact the Organizations 
O'fJice, Student Center, 2nd floor. 

Monday, March 2,1981 The Guardian II 

Intercollegiates: the final view 
How does UCSD compare to similar size schools? 

continued from page 1 
litt Ie money, lit tie regard for excellence. little 
direction and little incentive to change or to grow. 

"It doesn't seem like we're trying to go any place 
with our athletic program," says a member of the 
PE department. 

In defense of the athletic department, it can be 
said that recent strides have been made to upgrade 
the program. An athletic trainer and a part·time 
Sports Information Director have been hired, 
coache ' salaries have n!!arly doubled, and money 
has been made available to send athletes to the 
Nationals and to aid coaches who wish to recruit. 

But compared to athletic programs at other 
schools, these improvements are hardly more than 
surface gestures. They constitute only a fraction of 
what is needed to raise UCSD's athletics to the level 
found at sister universities of a comparable size. 

These schools, namely UC Davis, UC Irvine and 
UC Riverside, all have programs which vividly 
illustrate that they have made a much greater 
commitment than has UCSD toward establishing a 
representative intercollegiate program. 

For example, Davis, Irvine and Riverside are all 
in either NCAA Division I or Division II , whereas 
UCSD is in the lowest division. Division III. 
Division III is a non-scholarship division usually 
reserved for small liberal arts schools, not for major 
univ.ersities such as UCSD. 

Like UCSD, Davis, Irvine and Riverside ' fund 
their athletic programs from Reg Fees. But the 
three sister schools generate outside money from 
booster clubs, from alumni and from gate 
admissions. Their athletic programs try to be as 
self-sufficient as possible. 

Consequently, with more money at their 
disposal . other UC schools pay their coaches a much 
healthier salary than does UCSD. Irvine's coaching 
salaries start at about $16,000, while Riverside's 
coaching salaries begin at $13,400. In stark 
contrast, UCSD's head coaches are employed on a 
part-time basis and earn about $1,500. (Figures 
from Davis were unavailable.) 

Since Davis, Irvine and Riverside carry only half 
the number of teams that UCSD does, the TritQn 

intercollegiate program can claim that. wit h 31 
teams. they do have something to boast about. The 
UCSD athletic department claims to provide more 
opport unities for s tudent at hletes to compete than 
virtually any school in the nation. 

But other UC schools have full-time sports 
information directors and Athletic Fundrai ers and 
concentrate their larger budget on fewer teams. 
The end result is better teams and happier players 
and coaches. 

Many sports at Davis, Irvine and River ide. such 
as sailing and fencing, are not at the intercollegiate 
level that they are here at UCSD. The e "smaller" 
sports exist at a club level, where they can st ill 
compete yet do not drain the overall intercollegiate 
program of scarce funds. 

According to one source inside UCSD's PE 
department , having 31 teams "is like trying to keep 
a sinking ship afloat." The money is spread so 
thinly, according to disgruntled athletes and 
coaches, that the quality inevitably suffers. 

Athletic Director Judy Sweet doe admit that 
there is room for improvement on at least one level 
of the intercollegiate program. 

"We need more under tanding and cooperation 
among athletes, coaches and administrators. There 
has been a breakdown in terms of effort on 
everyone's part," she said. 

If there has been a communications breakdown in 
the athletic department, then next quarter's 
proposed forum could, if nothing else, be a step in 
the right direction toward alleviating the problem. 

. 'But a much larger question could be answered 
through the tentatively scheduled meeting among 
athletic administrators, coaches and school 
administrators. It is a question that Chancellor 
Richard Atkinson posed when he met with Warren 
College students in January: Why does UCSD have 
the highest attrition rate among all the UC schools? 

Sweet is not alone when she says that "the 
athletic program at UCSD has the greatest 
potential for lowering the high attrition rate at 
UCSD." 

Basketball coach John Block believes that with 
UCSD's excellent academics and locale, "this 

school is miss ing omet hing by not having a strong 
athletic program." 

Volleyball coach Doug Dannevik said. "We've got 
to e tablish that it is the norm for people to go out 
and watch port on Friday and Saturday. We've 
got to make people really feel like they're part of the 
univer ity. " 

Having a strong athletics program "would give 
the students another option for Friday night to 
relax and be with other · students and other 
professors," adds Recreation Director Bert 
Kobayashi. 

Thus, what emerges is a series of interrelated 
problems. all of which weaken the chances for 
establishing a successful UCSD athletic program. 
Clearly a stronger commitment towards fund· 
raising is needed from both the school 
administration and the athletic administration. 
Whether the program can effectively function with 
31 teams at the current budget level remains to be 
seen. 

Funding for UCSD athletics is a crucial issue. 
This week, Sweet must ask t he Reg Fee Commit tee 
to make permanent last year's $25,000 temporary 
funds increase to cover inflated traveling expenses. 
In the long run Reg Fees are not enough to 
adequately sustain the athletic program. 

"If in tercollegiates were trying harder to 
generate their own money, we'd be more willing to 
give t~em more," said a member of the Reg Fee 
Commtttee. 

Another related problem is a philosophical clash 
between coaches and at hletic administrators. Many 
coaches advocate moving some teams down to club 
status to strengthen the program. but the current 

pleuKe tum to pug", 12 

Announcing a special lecture presentation: SKI THe 
HIGH 

COUNTRY 
Arthur 

He,blbag 
Professor of History, Columbia University 

Author of "The Zionist Idea, Being Je\lVish in America" 
Editor, Journal on Jewish Social Studies 

Presiqent, American Jewish Policy Foundation 
President, American Je\lVish Congress (1972-1978) 

Vice Presiden~ World Jewish Congress 

speaking on 

The Roots of the Zionist Vision 
Wednesday, March 4, 1981,4:00 pm 

Chancellor's Complex, Room A. 

Israel In Its Relation to West 
and East 

Thursday, March 5, 1981, 4:00 pm 
HL 1402, Revelle College 

. Sponsored by the Judaic Studies Program of the 
Univ~Isity of Califomia, San Diego. For more 

information, call 452-4551 or 452-3809. 

RIcIe the Coors Sbuttle to Big Bear. The Dan 
McKinney Company, your Coors distributor, is 
sponsoring a day trip to Goldmine in Hig Hear 
next Saturday, March 14. 

. for $25, you can relax with your friends on 
luxurious coach buses, ski all day at Hig Hear, win 
fabulous door prizes and, of course, drink free Coors 
Beer on the ride home. 
The bus leaves from UCSD at 5: 30 am on the 14th, 
return"" about 8:00 pm. TIckets are available 
on campus tbru your Coors campus 
representative: call 481-9411 and ask for 
Plike HartJl. 
So kick off your shoes, put up your feet and 
enjoy some beer on us a~er skIIng the 
High Country ... with Coors! 

Tickets can be 
purcbased in 
front of the Pllddle 
of l'Iuir (1'101'1) Monday tJlru friday 
(P1arch 2 thru March 6) from 2 to 4 pm. 



12 

Tritons switn well 
in weekend IDeet 

BY JIM AGRONICK 
Staff W rltcr 

This past weekend, the UCSD men's and women's 
swimming teams hosted the 2nd Annual UCSD Invitational 
held at the pool. Billed as a league finals for independent 
schools, the main purpose of this meet was to provide a chance 
for swimmers to qualify for their respective nationals. 

UCSD seemed to have no problem with thi s endeavor as 
Triton swimmers qualified in 12 more event· during the 
weekend . Triton Jackie van Egmond qualified in her fourth 
individual event, the 100 back, as she clocked a 1:05.0. The 400 
medley relay of van Egmond, Claudia O'Brien , Sandy Groos 
and Vicky Barker followed suit with a qualifying time of 
4:20.5. The 400 free relay, composed of the same women, also 
surpassed the AlA W standard. -

Swimming for the men, John Beckley ripped through the 50 
free with a . 'ngtime of 21.9. Beckley also broke the 200 
free 1:46. ;;;5._~ 

In the 500 free, a trio of UCSD swimmers all finished under 
the NCAA Division n mark. Joe Hernandez, Bob Conlin and 
Rich Peterson completed this 2O-Iength swim with times all 
close to 4:48. Swimming in Saturday afternoon 's 1650 race, 
Conlin also managed to slide past the national standard with a 
16:57.2. 

Backstrokers Tracy Strahl and Greg Doyes had strong 
swims in the 200 back as they broke the backstroke qualifying 
standards with times of 2:00.8 and 2:01.3, respectively. Mike 
Gautreau also had a fine performance as he qualified in the 
200 fly with a 2:00.4. 

1M 
UCSD 

Jog ..... 
................ 

.• ....-eII 

Submissions ~e invited from students in 1111 fields. Papers 
should consist of original ul)dergraduate research. Topics 

need n<X be aclldemic in IliItUre. Emphasis in selectiion will 
be placed on originality, innovation and accuracy. Usual 
length fa ac<:epted manuscripts will be t'-NeIve to fifteen 

pages. wmples of publishable......ori: are: 
•••• Id!'~ CrItIcII .... _ IxpIIMI&cIT_,..,. 

Fiction lind other cre4iVe writing will not be considered. 

Submitted pepers will be reviewed by the Editorial Board 
lind a Faculty Advisory Panel. Publication is scheduled fey 
MIlt, 1981 . The corresponding deadline for submissions is 

March 17, 1981. 

Students interested in submitting to the Journal should 
contact the editorial office for details concerning copyright, 
mMlUscript preP/l'ation, lind other important information. The 
Journal editorilll offices are located in the SCURI office abeNe 

EDNA in the Student (etter. Our mailing address is B-023, 
!I!1d our telephone number is 452-3¢17. 

The Guardian Monday, March 2, 1981 

Sandy Groos leaps into the pool at the start of women's 100 yd freestyle. At left, Claudia 
O'Brien comes up for air in the 200 yd breaststroke. For another photo, see page 14_ 

A final look at UCSD athletics 
continued from 1>aJ{e 11 
system creates a situation 
where these coaches have no 
input. 

Since coaches are paid so 
poorly their attrition rate is 
high; and because their 
attrition rate is high, they 
aren't around long enough to 
establish a voice in 
administrative policy. For 
most coaches it is a vicious 
and frustrating circle. 

PI avers understandably 

feel that the constant coming 
and going of coaches is 
detrimental to establishing 
team continuity. "Coaches 
come in, they dont' know the 
team or the system, and it's 
frustrating for all," said 
former player and current 
men '-s volleyball coach Steve 
Upp. 

Coaches. in turn, would 
love to stay, but find it 
economical1y infeasible. "I 

CutC 
--------,--------

found it extremely difficult to 
coach on a part-time basis," 
said former basketball coach 
Ron Carter. 

Clearly there is a great deal 
of student athlete interest in 
changing the program. What 
is ·needed now is an active 
commitment from school 
administrators, coaches and 
athletes to rf'..alize this grnll 
and to put UCSD athletics on 
firm ground. 

I I I 1 I 
1 1 I I 1 
I I I I I 
I 1 I I I 
I I I 1 I 
1 1 I 1 1 
I I I 1 1 
1 1 1 1 1 
1 Traditional - I Colorado 1 Seahawk 1 Classic .1 
'';'' ________ 1 _____ ~ ___ 1. _________ 1_' _______ iiJ. 
I ' 1 I 
I I 1 I I 
I I -I I I 
1 1 I 1 I 
I I I I I 
I I 1 I I 
I I I I I 
1 I I, I • 
1 1 I ' I 1 

I --~~:~-THIS-fti-~~-~~~--1 
Pick your favorite ArtCarved class ring. Cut it our. 
Keep it with you for a while . Get an iJea what it's 
like to own the ring that says, "I did it!" 

Then, next week. have the genuine article fitted 
by. the ArtCarv~ representative visiting tam~. 
For one week only, you'll have our newes< selection 
of ring styles to choose from - and a specialist 
who will make sure the fit is perfetto Plus, there 
will be some incraiible ArtCarved offers to cut the 
cost of your class ring . .. 

CUT your tie with the past during our "Great 
Ring EKchange!" Trading your old 10K gold high 
school ring for a new ArtCarved college ring could 
save you as much as $90. 
CUT the cost of a traditional or contemporary 
Sila.lium ring to just $M.95 - a special ArrCarved 
"Ring Week" discount up to $20. 
CUT a smashing figure wirh a women's class ring 
from ntlr exciting new "Designer Diamond Collec-
tion. " 

Any way YOf.!' CUI iI, nl?xt week ~ lhe besl week ,10 seltct your ATtCarved class ring! 

... SY~IBOLlZI"G YOUR ABILITY TO ACHIEVE, 

University Bookstore March 4 - 6 
Depo.,t required. MaaterChafse or VISA accepted. 

Monday, March 2,1981 The G~tardian 

A UCSD fencer scores a hit in the Men's Western Regionals held this past weekend at 
University High in San Diego. 

to Woody ve Allen's 
and 
Death 

Thursday, March 5 
8:00 and 10:00 pm 

USB 2722 
Admission: $1.75 

Tickets available at the-box office 

Presented' by the UCSD Gennan Club 

r
---------------------------------

. I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I I That·s rightl Young AIIIludM I 
I Graphics will discount the _ 01. II 

restyling. coloring Of' perm when you 
I In and show us your ItudenIl.d. CIU'd. I 
1- So call for ., appuilb.iIftt now. , I 
I or just drop in. We're In 1M La JoII I 
I Village Convenience Center .... to I 
I Ralphs and Sav-on .. - I 
I and we'reop«r ~ I 
I til 9 PM ... Sun-day's too' I 
I (Noon to 5 I I PM). I . 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I ,. I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I .. lAla . I 

Gi'\4fllFliCII I 
I I 

'

I 8843 Villa La Jolla Drive/La Jolla, Calif. 92037/(714) 457-3334 . I 
. I I~----------------------------------------~ ---------------------------------~ 

A Representative From 

Proctor & Gamble 
will be here to discuss current 
topics and job opportunities 

in different fields. 

Monday, March i 
4:00 pm 

North Conference Room 
Student Center 

Sponsored by the Economics and 
Management Science Students 

Association (EMSSA) 

IN CONCERT AND BEYOND 

. -

wmm~ JJ ... prllIt! 

....------ I SHOWINGS, --,,,.-, ----, 
7:00 pm and 9:30 pm 

Saturday, March 7, 1981 
Mandeville Center Auditorium 

Tickets $2.00, available at the Box Office 
A DARK STAR PRESENTATION 

WARREN WRITING 
sroDENTS 

PUlPJSR YOUR 
WRITING! 

The Warren Writing Program is now accepting 
submissions tor a joumalto be published in 

Spring. All Warren writing students are 
encouraged to submit prose, poetry. fiction. 

non-fiction. artwork and photography. 
The theme ot this year's publication is cross-

cultural experiencs: we want work that deals 
With the intersection of di11erent cultures and 

sub-cultures. 
Students interested in serving on the edilorial 

board should attend Ihe first meeting on 
Thursday. March 5 at 4:00 pm in the Warren 

Writing ottice. WC4l 0, 

SUbmIaIons of wadllboulcl be made 
to """'" IIcIbIIKIo at 1M Warren 

WdIng o8Ice. or ...t to Q.022. 
81'1"'" en •• Ieamed ......... to 

'--- call .. ce.c. at 452-3061. -...,.-J 

-' . 

13 



The Guardian 

Women 
easily win 
last games 

UCSO's women's basket· 
ball team ended their season 
on two high notes by 
trouncing LA Baptist 82·23 
and Cal Lutheran 9().56. The 
two victories enabled the 
Tritons to finish with a four 
game winning streak to 
balance out an otherwise 
poor record. 

In Friday's game against 
LA Baptist. Mary Egan led 
the Tritons with 16 points 
and Joanne Feldman had 12 
points. UCSO never trailed 
and had a commanding 39·]2 
halftime lead . 

Monday,March2,1981 

Wendy Nakayama shoots for two against LA Baptist as 
Stacie Macfadyen looks on. 

Saturday against Cal 
Lutheran the team, "played 
terrific defense," said coach 
Judy Malone . Wendy 
Nakayama led the scorers 
with 14 points. 

Triton swimmers Joe Hernandez (right, and John Beckley 
l\elp out with timing at the weekend meet. 

COLUMBIA P1CllJRES PRESENTS 
A MARTIN RANSOHOFF PROOtJCnON 

A RALPH BAKSHI FILM 
"AMERICAN POP" 

Wriam by RONNI KERN Executive Producer RIOiARD ST. JOHNS .. 
:!!! If! I: Produced by MARTIN RANSOHOFF &. RALPH BAKSHI Di~ by RALPH BAKSHI m ~=I·-=: 

Opening at Selected Theatres Near You. 

lEGAL AID 
, = ·drunk driving ==; 

• divorce 
.personal injury 
. immigration 
·criminal 
·contract disputes 
• landlord - tenant 

== . buslnes.'i planning = 

Donald Y. Crawford 
William J. rtickenon 

Attorneys-at-law 
7742 "e"thel ",~ 

;;:~~ Co\ 456-1290 

University of c.lJfumla. Sam Cruz 

HAWAII 
BACKPACKInG 

QUAR1'ER 
15 units 

... QurW ........... , 
phone (408) 429-2822 • 

MMIWII'RID SItD~ 
CMdJIIIouIe 

UnJwasIty of c.l1fon1a. SInU Cruz 
!inti cruz. CA ~ 

I.D.'s 
5 minutes is all it takes to 
make your driver's license 

quality photo J.D. card. 
Also CMlilable: laminations, 
printing, passport photos, 
business cards, singing 
telegrams, press and 
photographer passes, 
employee 1.0. cards, and 

laminations. 

Anthon(s 
Photo I.D.'s 

4711 a.Imnont 
Meu IW. 
177-1116. 

Dian! Slq)pire Cerur upstaIrs -
1 mIle west of 1·005 

Monday, March 2, 1981 

Classifieds 

announcements 

Attention: all you "with it" women. 
The Macho Men had their charx:e, 
noN you get yours. Dial info has the 
answers! CAli 452-4636, and esk for 
tape M-21 . (3/1 2) 
learn hovv to "drop" gracefully and 
"add" positively. Dial info can teach 
you the finer points of add/drop 
cards. Call 452-4636, and ask for tape 
A-3. (3/12) 
Fame and fortune could be yours! 
KSDT needs bands to play for our 
Spring Harvest Celebration at UCSD. 
For details call Bany 453·9034 eves or 
ScJJl 453-8370, anytime. (3/5) 
Groundworlc Bookstore is still next to 
the bike shop in the student center. 
Where are you? (3/5) 
Summer Internship available at San 
Diego Zoo and Wild Animal Park in 
Research Conservation or Public 
Educ/ltion. Anthro 113 Spring 
Cluerter Prerequisite. Call Dr. Strum 
x4517 or Academic Internship 
Program x4355. (3/12) 
Overseas Jobs - Summer/ year 
round. Europe, S. Amer., Australia, 
Asia. All fields. 5500-51200 monthly. 
Sightseeing. Free info. Write 1)( Box 
52·CA 19, Corona Del Mel, CA 92625. 
(5/9) 
What is Escrow? If you guessed "a 
type of bird," you're wrong! Dial Info 
knows the ansvver. Call 452-4636 and 
as!< fO' t/lpe l-l09. (3/12) 
~ are alternatives. Be informed. 
Tapes on contraception /Ire CI'If/lilable 
et Diellnfo. Call 452-4636 and as!< for 
tapes M·24, M-25 and M-26. (3/12) 

~ e priest? Under 4O? Write, cell 
collect: Father Nigro, Gonzaga 
lXIiversity, SpoklIne, WA, 99258 
(509) 328-4220. (6/4) 
Food st/lmps /lren't just for 
collecting. Find out more from Dial 
Info. Call 452-4636 and ask for tape L-
122. (3/12) 
Find out everything you always 
INIrted to knoN about ~ Credit 
Union, blot were afrilid to ask. Call 
Dial Info at 452-5636 and ask for tape 
S-5. (3/12) 
Win Big BucksS5. Enter Student Book 
Collection Contest. See MMC in 
ClustEr lib. (HL Building). )(3065. 
(3/9) 

We '-. bc_~.""" 
baolGtaft. 

La Jolla Book Shoppe 
5745 La Jolla Blvd. 

()pen 1 (). 1 0 
7 d6yS a week. 45+3054. 

It·s not too Ic1I£l Women in science is 
amlnging CM pools for "Futtn Tech 
& Women" info. call 452-9142, (3/5) 

Bike·/!thon. $1350 avvarded. Random 
drawings. Fun tour ride. Admission 
into Big Oak Rarx:h frontier town. 
Western band. All invited. Entries at 
UCSO Bike Shop, or c/lil Rob Delzio 
286-1658. Great Western 8ike-athon. 
(3/ 5) 
It's not too late! Women in Scierx:e is 
arranging car pools for "Future Tech 
& Women" info call 272·1757. (3/5) 

housing 

Serious student needed to share 
condo near UK. Avail immed. 
5175/mo. 455-0682. Nonsmoker, no 
pets. (3/ 5) 
LeCl'lfing for Dcwtmouth. Must rent 
room. Marry xtras including jacuzzi, 
preppy roommates. 455·7396. (3/5) 
Female roommate wanted to share 
large master bedroom in rew PB 
condo. Racquetball, sauna, jacuzzi, 
more. $140 plus $100 deposit & V. 
util. 27:M256. (3/ 2) 
F. master bdrm plus beth in 3 bdrrn 
condo, nonsmoker, 1 mile to UCSD, 
garage, pool, sauna, fireplace, 
dishlNlsher, gas heating, rew paint 
and carpets. avail McYch 1, own 
room $240/mo. or 2 of you to share 
rm $120 ea. 453·7382 or 1-466-4006. 
(3/5) 
Roommate w/lrted - Genessee 
Highlands Condo. $162.50 for own 
room. Avail MlY'ch 21 to June. 452· 
8185. (3/5) 
Roommate to share master bedroom 
spr. qtr, Del MlY' Hts; jacuzzi, pool, 
near beach, bus; 5125/mo. John at 
755-8246. (3/5) 
YOll own room off campus spring 
quarter? Cozy condo near beach in 
Del MM, pool. $187.50/mo. 755-
4967. (3/5) 
For rent: 1 bdr /1 ba apt. In PB. 
Grad/Staff preferred. Avail. M6. 7 
fa 5260. UC¥l x2060 or 272·5184. 
(3/2) 
Brand rew top floor home for rent. 2 
bm, 2 b, incl. uti I. 5595/mo. Sol. 8ch. 
Ideal fa Univ. couple. 753-6789. 
(3/5) 
Female preferred a male for own 
room in Del MM. $18:) available noN 
until June. Marryextras. Call 481-0223 
or 481-2179.(3/5) 
Roommete wanted: Mira Mesa 
duplex, 3 bdrm, 2}t bath, fully 
fumished, view: $1 5O/mo. Available 
M.Ych 1. call 485-8398. (3/5) 

Wan~d: female rooml'Nlte wanted 
in LII Jolla, 2 blocks to beach. Stwe 
m. bedroom 5157.50 avail 3/21 459-
5892. 

for sale 
Are )'Ou thinking of joining Family 
Fitness Certer? Would you like to 
SII'v'e 51251 Steve, 459-1694. (3/2) 
Guitar fa Sl!1c. Nashtone model 
(e)270; solid top construction. Glut 
condition; has case. call Pam, 455-
6346. 

$8 Precision Haircut 
=======:::::::: '-=====~ 

The 

(Includes shampoo, conditioner ~ cut) 
ror guys and gals at 

~ 
~-\ 

I.iI Jolla CUITING Company 

r
eall for 
appointment. 

737 Pearl Street 
IJI Jol .. : 456-1170 
4766 Poillt Loma Ave. 
rolnt Loma: 21.1-0867 

r---Coupon ----I 
1 I I blow dry Included I 
I with coupon. I 
I Long hair $2 extra I 
I for blow dry. I 
1 I 
1 (coupon good PIo,..l1!UI5 only) I L. __________ -J 

The Guardian 

Moving, must sell immediately: 
couch and love·sellt $200; roll·top 
desk 51 SO; double bed $75; console 
stereo 575; dinette set 550; 1()-speed 
bike $50; three aquariums and 
accessorie$ S75; much more . 
Excellent condition. 453·5929, 298· 
2900. (3/2) 
Beautiful complete Frerx:h provirx:ial 
bedroom set. Bed, headboerd, triple 
dresser, mirror, desk, ' chair, 
nightstand. Very goodcondition. 
5350 or best offer. Sherry, 273-5266 
or 452-3220. (4/13) 
71 T OYOUI Corona Mark II, new tires, 
great gas mileage. A few dents. $900. 
Call 1-442·7808 after 6 pm. (3/ 5) 
Get a tan while cruisin'l 1976 MG 
Midget, runs great, new tires, only 
21 ,000 miles, $2600. 755·496 7. (3/ 5) 
'To Hell With the Moral Majaity" 
bumper stickers. $1 each, 3 forS2.SO, 
10 for 58. SAS.E. New Wave Intent, 
PO Bo)( 4856-G, San Diego, CA 
92104. (3/ 2) 
Brand new Kavvasaki 100, 125 miles, 
453·5983 call befae 11 am. (3/2) 
1975 Honda CB 1255 motor~le. 
TIM) helmets irx: l., perf. cond., 8000 
miles. 755-4976 after 6 pm, $4SO, 
must sell . (3/2) 
Surfboard: Sunset 6'2' twin fin, very 
good condition. $130. Mike 481 · 
9703. (3/5) 

wanted 

Interested in e)(posing yourself? La 
Jolla Village Square is looking for 
talerted people of all ages fa public 
appearances. Interested clowns. 
mimes, jugglers, etc. should contact 
455·7550. (4/ 2) 
Experierx:ed minicomputer COBOL 
programmer, part time, flexible 
hours, dedicated mach i ne 
development environment. Requires 
knowledge of structured 
programming tEchniques. 57·9/hr. 
457·37~ . (3/5) 
Hunyl College students needed as 

_ extras /lnd /!ctors fa lTlotion gicture 
TV commercial and modeling 
productions! Experienced lind non-
experienced needed. Call 299-45SO 
a 299-4551 Mondays, Tuesdays and 
Wednesdays only 1 pm to 5 pm. 
(3/5) 

services 

UNWANTED HAIR REMOVED 
PERMANENTlY near campus. l.a Joli/l 
Village ProfessiOll/lI Center, 8950 
Villa l.a Jolla Drive, Suite 1160-C, call 
for appt. 453-7040. (6/4) 
Typing: fast, accurate, reasonable. 
Call Jane dI!ys 452-4244. Eves. 753-
37M. (5/7) 
.Jenny's home typing. Term papers, 
theses, diss., /lnd rush jobs. 225-
1449. (6/4) 
Typing: IBM/Rush Jobs tErm papers, 
theses, dissertations. 453-0656. 
(3/12) 

CIH-i.~tiall Diol' 
LUNETTES 

GLASSES 
2 PAlRS ... 1 PRICE 

Typing/Editing. Professional Quality. 
IBM Corresting Selectric. Call Jody or 
lea\I'e message 274·5214. (3/2) 
La party! Typing, reasonable rates. 
Close to c/lmpus. Exp. in all Univ. 
requirements. 271 ·0383. (3/12) 
Guitar, bass, flute lessons. Intro 
lessons only, $4. 268-0523. 
Top Drawer typing service, papers, 
resumes, manuscripts, student rates, 
pickup and delivery. 48Hl708. 
(3/5) 
Math tutoring/instruction. Evenings 
and weekends, 488·1 832. (3/ 2) 
Auto/ Motorcycle Repa ir, cheap 
guaranteed. Over 13 ',fS. e)(per. We 
come to you! Free estimates 274· 
34QS. (3/5) 
Term paper due? Try CM. 51essor's 
Typing Service. Student disc., 
pickup/ del., med. term. 692·9649. 
(3/ 2) 
Auto Repair: Tune . ups, electrical, 
li ght mechanical, reasonable, 
guaranteed. Mike 456-1879. ( 3/ 9) 
Psychic-tc!rot card and palm reader. 
Mrs. Williams - she can gtive you 
true help on all life's problemsl 571 · 
7881 . (3/12) 
Typing - $1.15 per dbl SfXd page. 
So. Mission Hills. 293-7930. (4/2) 
F&S cruises. 3 hr, weekend. Sail for 2 
out of Mission Bay. All comforts 
provided, crew of 2. 515, 453-9193. 
3/ 5) 

travel 

ClEE Student Travel open M·F 8:30-
12:30 & 1:30-4:30 in the Student 
Center. OEE offers: budget flights, 
int'l student ID cards, railpec..ses, 
tours, books insurarx:e, work /lnd 
study programs, /lnd much more. 
Phone 452-0630. (6/5) 

lost & found 

Two calculators found in Revelle 
~-Deli . Call 453-3065 afl£r 5 pm. (3/5) 

Lost: Spiral notebooks possibly at 
HSS. One vital for final. Reward 
offered. Call Ew: 453·9328. (3/5) 
Lost: Canon pocket calculatOf'. 
Engraved with Wally Dr/lgi!loski. 
Reward, 455-1137. (3/2) 
Lost: Moss green angora svveater 
Tues, Feb. 18 on Revelle Plaz/l. 
Sentimental value if IMt can be 
believed. Also, yellovv/blue down 
vest and Geophysics book. &t 
GiY1and in usa 3010. If found please 
c/lil 755·8176. Thanks!! (3/2) 
Lost: Blue back·pack in Third 3B 
parlciag lot. If found, please call Mike 
fa reward. (3/ 5) 
Lost: MacGregor baseball mitt in Jlln. 
My name was bumt into the leather. 
Please call me, Tony Rossi, at 453· 
54SYl. (3/5) 
Lost: brown leather jacket, on Sat 
2/21 at Med School (MTF 274). 
Sentimental value. Reward. Ray, 453-
4589. (3/2) 

• 

.. - YOUR OtOIQ -~. 
'Professoonal S.lVJCts not loclud.d _ 

New FDA approved Extended 
We¥ 2 week/sleep softens! 
Plus Astigmatism Soft: Lens! 

15 

Lost, blue edidas ~r,~. 
HSS 1330 - Thursday 2/26. &ian, 
453-2767. (312) 
Lost in Muir HSS 1330: dar1c blue sid 
glCMeS end green and ....... ite 7~ 
scarf Monday 2/23 11 AM. please 
call 48Hl187 for reword. (3/5) 
Lost: blue silk scarf lost betweenMLIir 
and Revelle Deli, 2/27 /lboI.t 1 pm. 
Sentimental value. 453-4339. Nilitalie. 
(3/ 2) 
Lost: rv!NY blue svvealShirt with Cal-
Ber1celey emblem on left side a 
chest. Taken from Rec. Gym, 
sometime between 8·9:30 pm on 2-
25. Please return!! ! Call Tony at 453-
54SYl. (3/5) 
One pair Faberse glasses, light pink 
plastic fra mes, l.yge lenses with 
black Ii ne, last Trvrs. /lftemoon 
between Muir and HL. If found, 
please call Yoland/l Remillard at 452-
6861 . (3/2) 

PCrso-:-ls 
Alleged lad of sidereal stature seelcs 
sublime for scintillating soirf!e. Safdy 
send c.v. to corx:ierge, 2170 Felspar 
St., San Diego, CA 92019. (3/5) 
MI!6y Brookler - your friends from 
Robinhood have YOll mail. (3/5) 
Wheezer·1 1<:Me you no mattEr how 
old ~ get. If you have another 
headache give me a call . .Just thine, 
it' lI only be II short time til ~'II ~ 
together agi!in for some T/lpia action. 
Happy 33rd. L<:Me Kid. (312) 
Keith and Craig-How could you !'NO 
ever think I'd forget )IOU?! I 1<:Me you 
both diarly, lind ....... 0 kOONS, 
someday I might even be attractedl 
Melinde. (3/2) 
Dear S-=dlpcii, Ali I want to say Illi 
that I I eM: you more /lnd more every 
d!!y. We're /I hot team. lIN, PoIci. 
(3/2) 

.Athletics 
"'ontinuNI "1'0111 page 2 
in practice enhanc~ the fun 
and satisfaction involved in 
sports . Additionally, the 
opportunity to work out 
academic and personal 
frustrations can be achieved 
by pounding a volleyball two 
hours every day. 

I would like students and 
board members alike to 
consider what I have written 
before a decision is made on 
financial allocations. I believe 
that a successful athletic 
program can be achieved 
without scholarships if a 
school i willing to expend 
bot h t he time and money in to 
developing the existing talent 
on campus. This has been a 
s uccessful formula for 
volleyball programs in the 
past. and I hope that it will 
continue to be so in the 
future. 

Tom Feuer 

&L0M8 
SOFlENS PAIR 



INTERNATIONAL 
, 0 

WOMEN'S WEEK 
, , 

March 2-5, -1981 
, 

Monday, March 2 
Mountain View Lounge (Third College) 
6:00 pm Opening reception 

Music by Carlota 
7:30 pm Raices - Guerilla Theatre 
Tuesday, March 3 
International Center 
6:00 pm Women's Poetry Reading 

Lyn Romero 
Fanny Wooden 

. Gilda Mae Yazzi 
Virginia Bisek 
Gina Valdes 
Xelina 
Danelle Jones 
Damita Davis 

(Wine and cheese will be ,served) 

Wednesday, March 4 
North Conference Room 
1:00 pm "Women Hold Up Half the Sky" 

Asian/Pacific Slide Show AI/ programs free 
,Chi/deare provided 

o International Center 
6:00 pm Pot Luck Dinner 
7:00 pm Panel Discussion - "0pportunities 

o 'and ,Barriers for Women" 
Lydia Gorrez, Professor, ~ducation 
Shirley Williams, Professor, Eng. Lit. 

o Kathleen Berkeley, Professor, History 
Faustina Solis, Professor, URS 

Thursday March 5 
3rd College - TLH 107 
6:00 pm Women's Film Festivf11 

liLa Chicana" 
"Children of Resistance" 

"Double Day" 
"Mother of Many Children" 
"Women at UCSD" 

Sponsored by: The Women's 
Resource CenterJ "'ujerJ UAISJ 

AASAJ Black Women Ach#ellersJ and 
SAAC. 


