
THE GUARDIAN 
Volume 42, Number 9 

Writing class 
differs little 
in colleges 
Second in series 
touches 3rd, Warren 

BY SHELLEY SUSSMAN 
Staff W tiler 

The shortage of TAs is a problem 
which plagues the writing programs 
of Warren and Third as well as Muir 
and Revelle. UCSD freshmen writing 
classes are30 percent bigger than any 
other UC freshman writing 
programs, according to Charles 
Cooper, coordinator of the four 
writing programs. 

Each TA here is responsible for two 
sections with about 17 students in 
each section. That figure compares 
with 10-15 students at other 
campuses in the system. 

Despite the high T Alstudent ratio, 
it is problematic whether the 
programs are successfully 
accomplishing their goals. 

According to the directors of both 
Third and Warren, the answer is yes. 

Even though the TA shortage 
causes problems, Cooper, who also 
heads the Third College Compo ition 
program, feels his courses are "quite 
successful" when it comes to 
fulfilling the specific goals of TCCP. 

The objectives of Third's program 
are quite similar to those of the other 
three colleges. For Cooper, the goal is 
to provide a "broad comprehensive 
discourse edocatiorr" in-an effort to 
provide the student with a strong 
base. Practically speaking, T As say 
that means giving the student 
confidence and enabling him or her to 
write any type of paper for any type of 
class. 

It works, at least sometimes. "I can 
write a rough draft for any class in 
two to two-and-a-half hours," says 
Monica Lawson, a program graduate. 

Chris Ambrose, now a Muir 
sophomore, says that although he 
improved, he felt it was due to 
practice rather than the specific 
mstruction given oy the T As. "I 
probably could have learned the same 
thing in any class. If you're forced to 
write that much, you're bound to 
improve," he says. 

Giving the strong similarity in 
course objectives among the four 
college programs, it is hard to 
distinguish what aspects of the 
program are indigenous to the Third 
college philosophy. 

"There really isn't anything," says 
Sheryl Fontaine, a TA for the class, 
"except maybe the reading." 

The books used for the course are 
chosen by each TA, and according 0 
Cooper, "apply to social concerns and 
important social is ues." 

Lawson, whose reading centered 
on the Third World , felt that 
although "mo t students though the 
reading was boring, it was Rood f • 
me to be exposed to politics. 

Another uniqu > feature of TCCP is 
the kind of writing done. For each 
paper a signed, the student mu t 
first complete five to 10 page of "pre-
writing ta ks," which Cooper ay 
are de igned to "start solving basic 
problems before the ctu dent 
encounter them in hi fir l Jraft." 

But both tudent aid the 
exercised did not help. Ambro e feel 
the "prc-writes were really 'lupid. A 
lot of times I did them after I wrote 
my paper ." 

Law on echoed: "The pre-write 
were too exces.c;ive; a lot of busy work 
without any real benefit." 

On the other hand , peer critique ', 
which are a major part of the 

plc'as(' '"rn 11I1~IJ(l' 1 

2 2 

University of California, San Diego 

Surfs up 
in DelMar 

The National ScholastIC 
Surfing Association set up 
a tournament Saturday 
ofl15th Street in Del Mar, 
across from the train 
station. At right. a surfer 
early yesterday afternoon 
in Oceanside works on 
weak (2-4 ft.) waves that 
predominated over a fair 
and mild weekend. 
Below, Guardian photo 
editor Philip Davies took 
this shot while carrying 
his camera at La Jolla 
vmaJe Square one ni4ht. 
The I ..... e i a 30 secOnd 
exposure, and solarized 
in the darkroom. The 
wavy lines are from a 
flashlight in Davies' hand. 

Guardian photos 
by Phillip Davies 

Monday, February 2, 1981 

Sites asks for 
Grounds Dept. 
• •• Investigation 
Won't protect workers 
who want to testify 

BY JOHN HONDROS 
News Editor 

The Vice Chancellor of Facilities 
Management ha called on Campus 
Police to investigate charges made by 
Grounds workers that a supervisor is 
using university facilities to aid in his 
private landscaping business off 
campus. 

However, Police Chief Hugh 
French says Campus Police will be 
unable to start the investigation until 
Grounds workers come to them with 
evidence. 

While Grounds workers have 
brought forth to the UCSD chapter of 
t he California State Employees 
Association union specific cases of 
university fund violation by 
Grounds management, they fear that 

~es.tifying ~forethe po.licemay result 
In Job repn als, accordmg to Marco Li 
Mandri , pre ident of CSEA, chapter 
104. 

Donald Sites, vice chancellor of 
Facilitie Management, says that 
although he referred the matter to the 
Campus Police, he i "not in the 
po ition to protect their positions." 

And the CSEA and the Grounds 
workers are unwilling to cooperate in 
the investigation unless Sites agrees 
to "place in writing that no Grounds 
employees will be harassed or suffer 
reprisals from stepping forward and 
documenting our charges through 
testimony," Li Mandri says. 

The union is also upset because the 
administration is dealing only with 
the allegat ions of m isappropriat ion of 
university monies and, they claim, is 
skirting the union 's charges of 
Affirmative Action violations within 
the Grounds department. 
Questionable Practices 

Sites initiated the investigation 
based on a letter he recieved from Li 
Mandri la t quarter alleging 

"~ues.tionable practice and po sible 
VIOlatIOn of the Univer ity Staff 
Personnel Manual by supervisor 
within the Ground Department." 

The letter, written Nov. 25, alleged 
the following violations of university 
procedures: 

-A supervi or in Grounds 
as igned UC workers during working 
hours to repair equipment u ed for off 
campu land 'caping work. 

-A upervi or approved the 
unauthorized u e of univer ity 
material and equipment (dump-
ter. trucks, chain saw, tree 

·tumper , fertilizer and tool ) for 
, work on that upervisor private 
bu ine . venture . 

-A upervisor authorized the u e 
of Ground worker' side time 
benefit with the knowledge that the 
sick leave wa ' being taken while 
tho e workers were working at the 
supervi 'or' off campu lands aping 
project. 

C EA pre ntly r fu e to r lea e 
the name of tho e \i ho are alleged to 
ha e violated University Policy and 
Pr edure . 
Affirmative Action Violation 

Although C EA claims it knew 
a ut th budg tary violation prior 
to November it wa th dismis al of a 
f male Ground work r which 
prompted the uni n to bring th 
problem within the d partment out 
into the pen. Li Mandri ay . 

pIcas turn 10 page 14 



2 

letters 

Rhetoric of '60s 
must be. updated 
Editor: 

Gerardo Mouet 's letter 
(Guardian. jan. 26), is typical 
of minority pronouncements 
in that it substitutes 
traditional and tiresome 
dogma for true thought. 
Much Iikeadogwhohas been 
trained to bark on signal, 
Mouet spouted spoon-fed 
rhetoric at the first hint of 
Bny discussion of racism. 

merely repeat phrases of the 
past, Mouet uut:s /l 'i t:Vt:li 
attempt to make the 
intellectual adjustment of his 
opinion t hat this s ituation 
requires. 

The Guardian Monda, February 2, 1981 

I'm referring to his reply 
conceming an anonymous 
letter (Guardian. jan. 22), one 
that correctly argues that the 
university may have an 
obligation to attract 
minorities. but that it doesn't 
and can't guarantee their 
academic survival. You can't 
blame the school system for 
low minority retention rates. 

This is common among 
minority group today, and a 
prime reason for their 
gradual loss of influence. 
Rather than adjust their 
arguments to meet some· 
what altered conditions, 
minority groups ding to 
words spoken by leaders of 
the 60s, repeating them 
endlessly until all impact is 
gone. 

To maintain credibility 
your rhetoric must be 
updated. Very significant 
improvements have ~n 
made in the last 10 to 15 years 
in the battle against 
institutional racism. yet that 
isn't reflected in most 
minority statements, 
including Mouet 's letter. 
Such intellectual intransi· 

Fight against upset stomach 
Mouet chose to ignore this 

and replies ...... but so what? 
How on earth is this relevant 
to the importance of 
maintaining and improving 
minority recruitment 
programs?" Content to please turn to PIlle 14 

Editor: 
Recently I went out for 

dinner at one of La jolla 's 
supposedly finer dining 
establishments. I found the 
menu consisting of such 
mouth·watering delights as a 
salad bar, swiss steak, baked 
ham, broiled chicken and 
pork roast along with such 

Parking needn't be a hassle 
Editor: . 

I am writing this in 
response to the letter 
(GfUlrdion, jan. 26) complain· 
ing of a lack of patience for 
the parking situation here on 
campus. 

I can sympathize with 
those people who drive to 
UCSD because I "too have 
driven my car to school two 
or three times, and have felt 
the same aggravation. That 
is why I have decided to pass 

by the whole hassle 
completely by taking the bus. 

I live all the way out in 
Encinitas, and simply drive 
my car the three miles to the 
coast and park there, which I 
have found to be quite easy. 
The North County bus runs 
every half·hour, has someone 
else dolllg the driving. and' 
costs onlr $12 a month. Not 
only do save money. time 
and anxiety, but I am also 
doing my part to reduce 

pollution, traffic and our 
dependence on foreign oil. 

People can often think up 
plenty of excuses for why 
they need to drive their cars 
to school and not take a bus, 
but 1 believe if they are really 
sincere about solving their 
problem and weigh the two 
choices, they ' ll stop 
complaining and make their 
choice. 

Marion Miller 

Involvement relieves apathy 
Editor: 

This is no bullshit opinion 
or editorial . This is a plea. 
Whether you are a college· 

possible goal for the AS. But 
it can be achieved without 
lots of hard work. 

oriented dorm resident or a In case you are not aware, 
commuter student, get the entire University of 
involved in your Associated California system (all nine 
Students government schools, plus re s earch 
(ASUCSD). There are institutions) is knee-deep in 
current issues, not only at military recruitment and 
UCSD, but within the entire research. Almost every major 
University of California development in nuclear 
system and nationwide, that weapons comes from tlte 
are affecting you as a student University of California . 
and a {lfrson. Even if you are not helping to 

order to know what's going 
on in Washington, DC. 

UCSD has a problem. It 
seems to me that as tudents 
we should be ready and 
willing to organize and unite 
to defend or fight against 
issues concerning and 
confronting us. UCSD has so 
much potential, so much 
intelligence, gat~ered within 
such a· small institution. 
Let's tap it! . 
Natne wit held by request 

desserts as assorted ice 
creams, pies and cakes. 

On paper all very 
acceptable - that is, until I 
tasted the food. I found some 
items were cold, others burnt 
and some simply ugly. The 
service, although of 
apparently good intentions, 
seemed slightly disorganized 
and of low quality. In the past 
when encountering such a 
situation I simply chose not 
to return. However, in this 
case , as an on·campus 
student living at Revelle, I 
have to return daily to this 
eatery known as the Revelle 
Cafeteria. 

Complaints by students 
eating in any institutional 
situation are fairly common· 
place. yet when the 
complaints are the same year 
after year I think they tend to 
carry more weigh t and 
should be noted. What has 
developed is a unique "us and 
them" philosophy where the 
students have accepted below 
par food as a part of living in 
the. dorms. The complaints 
are heard loudly in the dining 
area yet don 't make it back to 
management in a construc-
tive form. This gap has 
created a sense of frustration 
that is released through 
small· scale food fights and 
vandalism, unbused trays 
and an incredibly large 
amount of wasted food. 

As an establishment that is 
in the business of serving 
students, the cafeteria has 
ani:l should more full y 
exercise a desire to meet their 
needs. By the same token, 

students, in the interest of 
basic pleasurable consump· 
tion, should take it upon 
themsel ves to provide 
feedback to assist in reaching 
a common ground that will 
satisfy both sides. I think 
organization is the key that 
helps provide more construe· 
tive suggestions than " this 
food sucks" or "the broiled 
rat shit was cold." 

This is the purpose of a 
new group here at Revelle 
that will take specific ideas 
and complaints to the 
cafeteria management in a 
positive manner. Topics such 
as more specialty nights, food 
quality, vegetarian needs, 
worker morale. t heme nights, 
dining enter~ainment and 
menu variety will all be 
touched upon. 

It is clear the cafeteria here 
at Revelle needs more contact 
than a small suggestion box 
in a rather obscure location . 
If you don't like the food , put 
your bitching to constructive 
use and provide this group 
with some input. This isn t 
just another "get involved " 
letter, just a plea from a 
sometimes frustrated eater 
who realizes others must 
share in his beliefs. 

The issue is quite simple: 
. as students numbering over 
800 we can effect changes in 
the cafeteria structure. 
Common sense dictates we 
should not accept any food we 
consider sub-par. Ask your 
RA how your suggestions can 
be heard or contact the RA in 
Argo 6. 

Ron Cook 

For mstance, at UCSD all make the bombs: you are 
students are aware of the condoning t heir manufacture 
criminal institution com· and deployment through 

. monly known as the campus your apathy. Handguns are a lethal toy ~. 
bookstore. If students were to' Nationwide, as students of 
organize and help the AS peace, we've all had to deal Editor: 
incorporate, we (students) with the registration and People s:annot buy machine 
could take over the bookstore impendirig draft. No one can . gun!r frottt a Sears Catalogue 
and introduce new lower tell you whether or not.. fa . because fhe1 are prohibited 
prices on everything! register - that's a persOnat by law from do,jng so. One 

The same lower prices ' decision. But it htl~ to be' cannot easil)- find a store 
could be established·for, dorm infotmeJI ' (something YOy! elling t\th . 12 common 
and cafeteria fees if the AS parents have probably told s. varieties of hand greQades. 
were incorporated. Incorpor· you!). not only for your own Many ot~r C1angerous items 
at ion is a very reat and ; personal decision, but ill .', have been outlawed by 
•
••••••••••••••••• II!I~' . . society, and tbus prohibjtion is oot, in itself, absurd. ' 
THE GUARDIAN 

Lynette Tom 
Managing Editor 

Kathy Huffer Peter Mortenaen 
Editor Executive Editor 

n, G •• rd",. 's publi. hed MondlYO Ind Thursday. by . ,ucim" "' 'he Untl'..-.lIy 
01 Calil",n, • • Son o..ao, Edllo,,"1 Ind bull' .... , O/fi<fo Irt ""'",ed ,n 'ho ouclly,"u. 

"",0 bthlnd 'he Humlni" .. Library BUIld",. and """,h"',,, 0/ ,110 RO".11e 
Prtw~t"" OHke, BUSIMti" hour : Monday frlda), . 9 am lu 5 pm. Mli"nllddrb~ : 8 · 
016, nlV'" "Y o( C.Iok" .... San o..an, La Jolla , CA 9'.!O!U FIO< now. inr",m.,ion. 
011452.34&8. ror bu~m~~ . cill 4.,)23466. Tift (;HllI'f/l(ltt lIubM:rlbts tn Ihe lfnl\tMI 
Pre", Syndicate. Ihr f'lnfic Ntv.:oo Ser\lff. and 1M If Saeramenlil Corr~pttnMnt 

Mere controls On potential· 
ly dangerous items are even 
less objectionable than 
prohibition. Even the most 
common household product 
could be hazardous if used 
injudiciously. 

Handgllns are s lightly 
dangerous. I t bot hers me that 
some people feel that there 
s hould be no control s 
what oever on thi product. 

After all , a handgun i 

fairly lethal for its size. 
Perfect for·' uSe in crimes. 
Perfect for use in family 
quarrels ana misunderstand· ' 
ings. Perf~t for use as .a toy 
for a small child. Perfect for 

, those little accidents by 
people who are usually more 
caTeful. Sure is a cute little 
thing we're dealing with. 
Careful with that, Nancy, it 
doesn't match your dress. 

I personally would never 
own a handgun. There's no 
chance that little piece of 
merchandise could gIVe me a 
feeling of security. One of my 
best friends is agun collector. 
He has been rigorou Iy 
trained in the proper u e of 
handguns, btU I am insecure 
in my knowledge of his 
po session of them , 

Of the thou an'ds of 

hand~un owners, onlY '.3 
small percentage have been 
properly trained in then-
safety .• Why are t here no new 
laws reqUiring people wtIo 
buy haodguns to be trainedtn 
'their aafek~ing? Why ~ 
gun owners so reluctant to 
register their weapons? Wh)' 
do we make it so easy lOT 
,~bviously disturbed pei"sOns 
to purchase' halldguns fOr 
obviously maliciou s pur-
poses? 

Handguns do not bring 
happiness in their use. Just 
over a decade ago, Jolln 
Lennon wrote a song called 
"Happiness i a Warm Gun" 
ridiculing people who take 
comfort in such object. It's 
tragic that so few of u were 
listening. 

Greg Tenn 

Monday, February 2,1981 The Guardian 3 

" 

Reagan economics face liberal Galbraith 
WASHINGTON - Presi· 

dent Reagan had better use 
all his Hollywood talents 
when he deli vers hi s 
economic proposals to the 
nation. He'll need them to 
win over a liberal economi t 
named Galbraith. 

No, not John Kenneth 
Galbraith, the famed 
economist and conservative's 
nemesis. It's his 3O·year·old 
son, James, who recently 
became staff director for the 
Democratic members of the 
joint Economic Committee, 
who are seeking to am bush 
Reagan's program. 

Considered Capitol Hill 's 
economic think tank, the 
joint congressional panel will 
be the first body to digest and 
respond to the new 
administration's program . 
Despite all the dire warnings 
that the US is on the verge of 
an "economic Dunkirk," 
what the committee says 
may signal the success or 
failure of Reagan 's first 
program. 

Like hi s father, James 
Galbraith is worried that the 
new Republican package may 
sacrifice the needs of the poor 
and moderate·income 
Americans for the sake of the 
rich and the corporations. 

"I'm very committed to 
putting together a program 
with broad appeal to the 
Democratic Party," he 
recently said in an interview. 
"If there's a place . where 

co nstructive debate and 
policy development is going 
on, it's here.' 

Galbrait h is coordinating 
the work of some 46 
researchers and analysts. 
and cn nfp.rring with 
Democratic members. These 
responsibilities have yet to 
overwhelm the young 
economist, who was one of 
George McGovern's youth 
directors during the 1972 
presidential campaign and 
worked for the House 
Banking Committee after 
earning a doctorate from 
Yale. 

Galbraith's background 
was no insignificant factor in 
his selection by Rep. Henry S. 
Reuss of Milwaukee, who 
gave up hi s bank ' ng 
committee chairmanship to 
take over t he joint economic 
panel. 

In the past, joint committee 
chairmen such as Rep. 
Wright Pattn)an of Texa , 
Sen, William Proxmire of 
Wisconsi n and ' the late Sen. 
Hubert Humphrey have used 
its helm to push pet projects 
and promote their political 
visibility. While the panel 
has no jurisdiction over 
legislation , that fact allows 
its mem bers to take bolder 
positions on policy. 

Reuss, who will retIre m 
1982, wants to carry on this 
tradition. "If I don't tell the 
truth now, I never will ," he 
told us. 

Maxwell Glen and Cody Shearer are two Washington DC-
based columnists who write for the Field Newspaper Syndicate. 
This column is Ihefirst of many tlw.t will regularly appearin tM 
Guardian. 

it-Ci'.i*-
~ 

"We want to do something 
about interest rates and 
inflationary expectat ion and 
make ure ,tax and spending 
cuts don 't get accomplished 
totallv out of the hides of 
mode st· income people, " 
Reuss added. Contrary to 
expected Reagan policy, he 
would loosen monetary 
policy, invoke short· term 
wage-and·price controls and 
reverse increases in the social 
security tax schedules. 

Moreove r, there will 
probably be pressure for long· 
term economic measures that 
promQte revitalization of 
cities in the Cold Belt, small-
scale ellergy conservation , 
family·owned farming and 
job creation. 

Reuss and Galbraith 
contend that the Democrats 
are ready to compromise on 

,. 

.---Important Notice to ~II -. --, 
Students Applying to 

Medical or Dental School 
for the Fall of 1981 

The Haith ~ Ad¥IIory ,.,....., a seMce of CNeer 
Planning and Pla<!emen~ will otter students the o~.nity to 
interview. with' the Health Sciences Advisory Committee during the 
Winter and Spring qucrters of this'y~r. The purpose of the interview ' 
is to provi de the health professional school with an evaluation of the 
student tlYough a committee letter of recommendation and to give 
the student a practice interview. Students with four or more years of 
college (to include graduate students) will be interviewed at: the 
end of the winter' qucrter. All juniors will be interviewed in the 

spring. 

,....,--...:....-.---- Schedule: ----------, 
....' ... ltuc:IIntI; feb • Last day to sign up fer commmittee irt~. 

(dIooIc ... of the tanninS) 
feb , M5ndatory Pre{:ommittee C>riatation H pm 

M 10 MarldatOlY Pre{:ommittee 0rierUti0n 4-5 pm 
M •• Last day to submit Pre-Proressionlll file to HSAP 

-

........ 

(ella .. _ of .. fDlarwllli) 
• 

.. a Mandatory Pre{:ommittee Orientation 4·5 pm 
Feb 14 .4alldMalr PIe Ca ........ o.ta,AlDIIctJI W P'" 

Feb 17 MandatOlY Pre~ommittee Orientation 2-3 pm 
Feb 17 Last day to sign up tot committee interview. 

AprIl J 15 day to submit file to Hs.-Y. 

QuCstIonIIhouId be addraHd to Ellen MorIn or Icth Ga. 
....... klena AdNorIIn c;,1I, HL 1051, 451-3750. 

some issues. "The Demo· 
crats have had purged from 
their souls the idea.of endless 
demand· ide pending a a 
road to full employment 
without inflation," aid the 
congressman. Galb raith 
added, "I don't think the 
Democratic Party should 
launch an all·out attack on 
American busine s." 

Of course, there will be 
obstacles to the Democratic 
ambush. It will be difficult 
enough to wield a consensus 
on economic policy within 
their party ranks. Moreover, 
the once Democratic · 
controlled committee is also 
now split 10· 10 with the 
Republicans. 

"Reuss and Galbraith are 
going to be taking a hard look 
at supply-side economics," 
said Sen. Roge~ jepsen, a 

first -term Iowa Republican 
who h a become t he 
committee's vice chairman. 
He admits to having no 
economic traini ng of his own. 

" It's time for someone el e 
beside t he bookies and 
professors to try to solve our 
economic problems," Jepsen 

• told us. " I m not going to be 
intimidated. We need to hear 
more from mainst ream 
America." 

By selecting Galbraith as 
staff director , however, 
Reuss and colleagues Edward 
Kennedy and Proxmire have 
warned .the committee's 
contingent of relatively 
unknown Republicans that 
the Democrats are willing to 
use big names to make sure 
the Reagan program doesn't 
get shoved down people's 
throats. 

Saturday, 
February 7 

120000 - 5pm 
"*''''109< 1,., ...... 01 Swun Mal 

~·5 pn 
50 ,..d t ... tty, t>r< ..... bock 

100 ,..d hce. boc~ _ 
200 ,..d 1M. 1M .. I~, I\'ee rcl.fl. coed I\'ee r"~ 

400,..d to. 

'Op<n '0 .. UC50 ".-.... foculOy & ,.." 
'9lrtocopartS Wli ao.oomotocally b< comp<l"19 kJr 

~ cJ til< """""'119 tums, 
Mu', RM:I ... TI>r~. W""I\ Gtod SchOOl. rOCully·S!aff 

AII<....,. 
'rnaIIIbe w .. trPQIO l0um0mcnt 

19·9 pm 
_""nwd 
~Ilf:vs w.,t;n 

Sign up in the Recreation Gym Office 

umpus Recreation 
'----'---- Department of Physical Education -----

... .. I .................. I 



The Guardian Monday, February 2, 1981 
> 

Do freshman writing classes succeed? 
~Pre-writt"ng' asst"gnments object of ridicule at Warren College .. 

CDDtJnued from pace 1 
progra..rn, were ronsidered valuable 
by both students. In fact, Ambrose 
received "much more help through 
that than through the .T As." 

Although Ambrose may not have 
found the T As very helpful, Fontaine 
and TA Cathy Miller claim the 
"traditional value (of the writing 
pr.;ogram) lies in T A response." But, 
because of the shortage of T As, 
conference time is scarce and 
interviews with students often 
overlap. As Miller admits, "everyday 

' we're compromising." 
The high T Alstudent ratio was the 

number·one problem cited by 
program officials Cooper, • Fontaine 
and Miller; but grade discrepancy, 
not surprisingly, was one of the 
uppermost roncems of the students. 

-Unlike the other three programs, 
the TCCP grade is decided 
exclusively by the student's own TA. 
Unless the TA requests the opinion of 
another instructor, the student's 
work is not examined more than 
once. While Cooper did not think 
there was a problem with grades, 
both Ambrose and Lawson saw 
problems with a lack of grading 
uniformity. 

"I read some papers that were 
awful but still got a high grade!' says 
Ambrooe. adding that "moot people I 
know that took the class for a grade 
got an A or a B." 

The T As, though, were c-areful to 
point out that the grade is not based 
solely on a student's written work. 
"The grade is an accumulation of a 
lot of things," says Fontaine. "I take 
into consideration rrogress and 
improvement, overal ability ~nd 
quality and self·evaluation." And as 
Miller added, "there are definite 
differences between A students and A 
papers, or B students and B papers." ' 

Although these problems do exist, 
none of the three instructors support 
changing the curriculum. "At the 

mom~nt, I'm content," says 
Fontaine. "But I always listen to· 
students. If there is a strong enough 
consensus, I'll change what needs to 
be chagned." I 

The sam~ policy toward 
curriculum revision exists at 
Warren. In - fact, of all the writing 
programs on campus, Warren is the 
moot flexible. According to Jim 
Crosswhite, assistant director of the 
program, "the T As have almost total 
autonomy. It may look unfocused, 

but it gives each person leeway to 
develop their own style." 

T A Don Matson, a five quarter 
veteran of the program, agrees. 
"There is so much leeway and 
potential there for the students to 
use," he says. "If they don't realize it, 
it all goes to waste. That to me is the 
biggest failing of the students." 

The main goal of the two quarter 
sequence is similar to those of the 
other three - the student is taught to 
think logically and transfer those 
thoughts into written skills. But 
being able to write in what Brook 
Neilson, director, calls "your own 
voice" is a skill stressed at Warren. 

Martha Houle, another Warren 
writing TA, calls the skill "getting in 
touch with what you 're feeling," 
while Matson defines it as "honest 
writing." -

"It's important to eliminate the 
academic bullshit ... a point comes 

-when you can't get by with bullshit 
anymore. If the change doesp't come 
in hi~h school, it will have to come 
here, Matson says. 

Because "authentic" writing is 
such an important aspect of the 
program, the entire first quarter is 
spent on "breaking down mental 

blocks" and writing creatively. 
According to the TAs and directors, 
they are partly successful. 

As Matson states, "some students 
fight it ; they don't see the point now." 
Apparently. he is correct. Sandy 
Witt, a Warren sophomore, thought 
the program was "alma-st 
detr imental" to her.writing skills .' "I 
have no respect ·for the program. ] 
heard at Orientation tnat the class 
was a joke." But Matson retorts, "I 

. don ' t feel hurt by people saying that 
lOA is a waste. They are. learning 
things they don't realize." 

"Students find they ha.ve 
something to say. They not only have 
a chance to be supportive, but they 
learn how to judge their own ability .. . 
It's probably the only realistic view of 
their skill they'll find at this whole 
university. " 

Not all comments were positive, 
and again most student gripes 
revolved around grading. Warren is 
the only program of the four which 
demands the utilization of the PINP 
option. please turn to page 16 

This is the second part of a two·part 
series on campus writing programs. 
The first appeared last Monday. 

•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 
• J ' I 
: F "S 20~ : 
: 'OF : 
· . ' . 

• OR THE ART STUPENTS S.URvtVAL GUIDE. • 
• I 
• DRAFTING 20-50% .• 
• LAMPS 1tJ~ ~ OFF SUNDRIES • 
• STANDARD ~~ 'fit' /t'~J-. From now through Saturday, • 
•. • ~16 95 REGUlAR '29. 95 ~~ ~~~ . February 28, all art supplies (except I : , • SAVE 43% ~ cut goods, Paasche equipment and-
• 

~1I1 .It custom picture framing) are on sale • DELUXE "~1 0'.": (J ;:.It \I at Frazee's for a substantial 20% savings_ 
• 

$89 95 REGUlAR 564. 95 ~ In addition, seleqed items have been I 
& • SAVE 54% marked down a whopping 20 to 50%. 

• I I DRAWING ~ ~()lt*\ ZIPPER ' I 
I TABLES ~ VJ~ PORTFOLIOS I , 
• PROFESSIONAL · . ~·Aunt I~_~ REGULAR 517.25 $12 95 I I $89. 95 ~~%:'2'OO t:t~&- ~ ~ SAVE 25% 17"~22'1 
.: CO~;~~TE ~~~~"1J . ~~-fl~' REuU~VE52~6~ $1 !w.xt~: • 

'54 95 REGUlAR 572.50 ~~ . REGULAR 524.80 $1'8 95 
• SAVE 24% SAVE 24% • 

24 ' x 36' 
• I 

: ART 80XES "Slit' ~. =.~ : 
OOWN'TO'NN klIWN MESA OCEANSIDE 

I 13' x '6' x 5~' (1 TRAY) 1760Sthll..:1lU< ~802 COt'1VO\l 1793Down,St • ~~8"7 2795533 75776 10 $4 99 REGULAR 16.99 ElCllJONIlIlO LA JOlLA PIIC1f1CIlACH I · SAVE 29% 3Jrd&ElCajOn BiIId 1033 50 ..... _ • 980 Hornbknd • 28(}529Q ~s.4-0729 483-0650 " 

•

1· .7 : 99 ~~~~99 ~:'F-'~ F~!M':v::t:,.er td Z::6~EI ..,OcElep'''''" I •• 
13W x 6~' x r 
ift 99 REGULAR 114.50 

• ""'7. SAVE 31% PAINT & WAllCOVER1NGS I 
_ ............................. . 

Monday, February 2, 1981 

SoCal doublespeak: 
seminar on intimacy 

Is there a future to it? 
The future of int imaq will 

be dicussed by some of the 
foremo s t author s and 
psychologists in the areas of 
intimacy, individuality and 
liberation. 

Sponsored for the public by 
UCSD Exten s ion, the 
weekend program is titled 
"The Future of Intimacy" 
and is scheduled for 7·10 pm 
Friday, Feb. 13; 9 am-5 pm 
Saturday , Feb. 14; and from 
9:30 am,! pm Sunday, Feb. 
IS; in TLH 107. 

The program coordinator 

Saturday morning, San 
Diegan Paul Brenner wiJI 
di scuss "Moving from 
Conditional Love to Uncondi-
tional Love to Absolute 
Love." An assistant clinical. 
professor of reproductive 
medicine at the Med School , 
Brenner is the author of Life, 
A Gifl of Love, and Health is a 
Question of Balance_ 

Saturda y afternoon, 
Farrell wi11lecture on "Risks 
in Relationships: Confron-
ting the Gap Between 
Emotions and Intellect-" 

Authors from across region 
will present their theories 

is Warren Farrell , author of 
the book The Liberated-Man. 
He will be joined by 
psychologists Judith Bard-
wick and George Bach and 
physician Paul Brenner. 

Bardwick's lecture Friday 
evening will be titled 
"Dependency versus Auto-
nomy in the Committed 
Relationship." Author of the 
books In Transition and The 

. Psychology of Women, she is 
a professor of psychology and 
associate dean of the college 
literature, science and the 
arts at the University of 
Michigan. 

Sunday's program features 
George Bach, founder and 
director of the Bach Institute 
in Los Angeles. He is the 
author of Pairing: The Search for Intimacy, The Intimate 
Enemy, Creative Aggression, 
and Stop, You 're Driving Me 
Crazy. His lecture topic 
Sunday, Feb. 15, will be 
" Beyond Gender Roles: 
Developing the Caring 
Capacity." He will be joined 
by Luree Nicholson, an 
associa te of t he Bach 
Institute and author of How 
to Fight Fair With Your 
Kids ... And Win. 

SOFT 
CONTACT LENSES 

Special offer: includes: 
soft lenses - care kit 

Plano sunglasses 
follow up care 

and examination 
$150 

Robert M. Heller, 0 .0. 
La Jolla Village Square Mall ' 
Lower Level 

IItuICh & Lomb 
sofie ... and 

IUpplles 8¥II11ebIc 452-7374 
". 

Don't forget to 

"Cover Your "Bod" 
~\/ 

with 
. Health 

Insurance 
Winter Quarter 

enrollment Deadline 
Is february 5th, 

Stucknt Premium $l4.~ per quarter 
Spomes ~.OO, Children $-\4.00 

All regls~red students and post docs are cllglblc-
Information and appllatlons are available at the 

Student Health Centrr. 

The Guardian 

~~. 4 9~uCIOO5 C~\CeJ WILY. 2·99 
·j~D~· ~NoP{I)OO5) <i~Vc.N ~e.5H ~.29 

QU\C~e..·· ~\<:MI f~ ~ bVWb . ~. IS" 
';~D'tJICHe5' tt»9~ -(0 ~De.f\· (uLL ClY(_2·8S' Ct\~~ 15~ ~. DVOC~P050~e,c{®·1z. clfC2.10 
6oOP+~~ ~.75 
~ ~~D'\l'C~ , SOUP Q6 56L~O ~ 75"' 

~.~'C~ 5·~9 
~D t ~~D\J'C8- S-1s" 

QO\c~e ~o"~ ,5:15" 
. 1't\f;. ~ 1(~~ ,~\..Ut)~ ~~,~~~,. Fft~ 

~''f". too {')At ~1"0fW fop.. ~eCONOS (fX~P( • ~~ULOrJ:;' 

5 . 



8 

r 

Service •• nd 
.,orkshop. 

Dartc: Star is spomoring a short storycon~t Stories must be 
S&bnittrdby 3-18-81. More information: 8ruce Briant. 4362 
Ont Mesa 811.<1. JI,b 53. San Diego, CA 92117. ~. 

.;, ltIDAY '-

.... JO-Oasis Writing Center olfers free service for all 
UCSO stl..ldern Wlo neec;I pre-writing help, conferences on 
chits. and edtlng acMce. We engage ar'rJ kind ot writing 
and any kind 01 writing problem. Conferences are ~ 

, aJlPOillment only. Call 452-2284 or come ~ 4010 USB to 
"'* an appo/r«ment. &ming appoinIrnents available' 
Mond¥ and nusdays at TtWd P\ace Dining Comrrions 
102 TtWd College. ServIce available all quarter. 
9-ReYel1e t-kJmanitIes Assignment Brainstorm: Small group 
dasses lor Revelle students enrolled in Humanities 
Sequence 128 Arneson section. Preparation tor writing 
direcIrd at}'OUt partiaJlar assigntnerlt. Class rnedS in 4070 
USB. Sponsored ~ Oasis Writing Center. Class will meet 
same time. same place throughout the quarter. 

I~ t-tJmanitles Assigrment BrainstOrm: Small 
woup class tor ~IIe students enrolled In I-tJmanities 

~e 128 .JacJcson section. Preparation tor writing 
dIrecIrd ~ }'OUt partla.Ilar asslgrment. Class meets in 4070 
USB. Sponsored ~ Oasis WRtlng Center. Class will meet 
same time, same place throughout the quarter. 
1.lhIO-Intormal advising sessions with the 
coordinators tor biological and health sdences. For help in 
QIrer pIarri'1g. job tultlng. and professional school 
preparation ~ Seth Gex or Ellen Moran. JI,b appointJTlefltS 
are necessal}'. Please call to confirm open hours are being 
held. in Career Planntng-& Placement. 1058 Humanities 
UInIy. 

I.'~E IPr ,..... .......... Sec_. CDR"'. 
... T_ firE, ........ .wI7 .... on the hour 
... 1.1 In 4010 18. CIIII4IZ-ZZM or ..... by 
............ __ .IfwcMII ........ s.vec. .. ..... 

I.I-"Got Troubles", take time out and ~}'OUt Oasis . 
ftftr Counselor tor personal GoalsettJng. For more 
Information call Setty x3760. OasIs Is In the SbJden[ Center, 
BIdg..B. 

II"'I-T~ in support of the VS Space Program on 
~Ie Plaza. Paper. ~Iopes. stamps, twewriters are 
prcMded to get people to write letters. Revelle Plaza. 
IJ noon-l.f\GO ILesblan and Gay Students 
Organizationl office hours each ~. VIsit our omce 1#2 
abolle the gameroom in the Student Center). And out about 
upcoming events. 

I~rammar Moses HotHne - A grammar hotline 
phone-In service for help \Mth diaion, grammar and 
ptMlCtuation problems. To reach Grammar Moses. call 452-
2284 ~ I and 4. Mond<fi - Fri~. Sponsored DI 
oasis Writing Center. ServIce available all Quarter. 

Jc»4-~ntry Students' Support Group - ThIs is a 
group tor MEN and WOMEN reently students who are 

interest~ in exploring issues arising from both ttleir reentry 
student role and/or Individual needs. Dan Ryan and Sue 

~nato, co-facilitators. Offered DI Co~Iing & 
. ~hological Services and Warren College Provost's Office. 

This group meets weekly at the Revelle IntormalLounge -
~; on February 2, it will meet at Bldg. 302 on the 
Warren Campus. Call MillY at 452-4350 to sign up. 

11JESDAY 
MIJO-Dasis Writing Center offers free service for ail 
UCSO students IM10 need pre-wtitlng help, conferences on 
drafts, and editing adtice. We engage at'o/ kind ot writing 
and any kind ot writing problem. Conferences are ~ 
appointment only. Call 4:;2-2284 or come ~ 4010 USB to 
make an appointment. ~ning appointments available 
Mondays and ThJrsdays at mrd Place. Dining Commons 
102 Thifd College. ServIce av~lIabie all quarter. 

"~ck Resume Rev/eN Drop-In. For a brlet critique 
of)(lur resume, drop ~ Career Planning & PIac~t In HL 
1058. • 

9tJOoIII.0-lnformal advising sessions with the 
coordinator for engirieering and pt¥ical sciences career 
adtislng and placement. For help in career planning andjob 
hunting see Maxine Bailey at the Career Center. JI,b 
appointments are neessary; hoIiI!eIIer it is acMsabie to arrive 
early. Please call to confirm open hours are being held. At 
Career Planning & Placement, HL lOsa 
lOon-Warren College Acadernic Advising - C>.Jlck 
advise on academic Information can be found at the Warren 
COllege Provost office through the peer a<Msors. Come in 
and get tast ans~rs to )(lur troubling questions. At the 
Warren Coilege ProYost Office. 
1.1-0:50 Career Connection Workshop: "Discover 
your hidden skills and connect them to possible 
ocrupatlons." Sign-up In the Career PJanning & Placement 
Office, Hl 10sa Held in the Revelle Formal LDunge. , 
I.J-Dasls Target StlOj Skills Seminar covering Mi~ Term 
~pa'atlon every hou' on ~rfrom 10lD 3 in 4010 USB. 
IndMc1Jal instruction available. Call 452-2284 or come ~ 
4010 USB 'or more information. Services are free. 

The Guardian 

IIrJOol2llO-Career Options Advising for Humanities & 
Social Sciences students. Sign ~ at Career Planning & 
Placement tor a 15 minute quick appointment to explore the 
career consequences ot your major or a particular 
ocrupational field. tI HL 105R 
1I:»I-TatlIe in support of the \IS Space Program on 
RNelle Plaza. Paper, e~lopes. stamps. typewriters are 
prcMded to get people to write letters. R~lIe Plaza. 
U noon-l.f\GO ILesbian and Gay Students 
Organization) omce hours each ~ek. Visit our office 1#2 
ilbove the gameroom in the student center). And out about 
upcoming events. 

I~rammar Moses Hotline: A grammar hotline phone-
in service tor help with diction. grammar. and punctuation 
. problems. To reach Grammar Moses. call 452-2284 
betWeen I and 4, Monday - Friday. Sponsored . ~ Oasis 
Writing Center. Service availabie all Quarter. 

. 

21~-<:areer options aoosing for Humanities & Social 
ScIence students. SIgn up at Career Planning & Placement 
tor a 15 minute quick appointment to explore the career 
consequences ot your major or a partiOJlar ocOJpational 
field. in Hl 1058. 
W-<:ampus Black t=orum - This is an intormal diSCUSSion 
group centered on issues. concerns, and the qualityot lite of 
the Black corrmunity at UCSD. It is an open, ongOing group, 
and students can join at any time. Meets in the Mt View 
LDunge of the new Third Co liege apartments. Facilitator is 
Phil Raphael of Counseling and Psychological Services. 
Those who \NOuld like additional intormation can call Phil at 
452-3035; otherwise, they can just show up at the 
meetings. 
5-Club meeting ot t!'e UCSD Speech and DebatiJ19 Club. 
Everyone welcome, In the Game Room of the Student 
Center. 
MDNESDAY 
HIJO-Oasis Writing Center offers free 'service tor all 
UC50 students who need pre-writing help. conferences on 
drafts. and editing acMce. We engage any kind of writing 
and any kind of writing problem. Conterences are ~ 
appointment only. Call 452-2284 or come 11.I40lb USB to 
make an appointment. ~ning appointments available 
Mondays and Thursdays at Third Place. Dining Commons, 
102 ThIrd College. Service available all Qua~r. 
... Io-MBA School Advising DroP-In Hours: For at'o/ 
QUestions concerning tile application proc 'Of MBA 
programs, see the pre-law/management acMsor on an 
Informal basis. JI,b appointiTlents necessary, but it is 
acMsable to call "rst and confirm open hours are being held 
in C<ner Planning" Placement. HI.. 1058. 
lo-Re\Iel,e' ~man~~ As~ Brainstorm: Small 
group ~. tor Revelle students enrolled in t-tJrnanities 

Seq~~ J~, \XI1erschin section. Preparation tor writing 
directed at )(lur partiwlar assigrment, Class meets in 4070 
USB. Sponsored ~ Oasis Writing Center. Class will rnet!t 
same time, same place throughout the Quarter. 
10011iJO-Oasis tours. see YOlK Peer Couriselor lOr .., 
indivic1Ja1 tour ot Oasis services, at Oasis Student Center B. 
I Jo I-<:areer options acMsing for t-tJrnanities & Social 
ScIences students. Sign up at Career Planning & Placement 
·tor a 15 minute quick appointment to explore the cateer 
consequences ot )(lur major of a partirular ocrupational 
lIeId. in HL 1058. 
1 OoJ-Qasis Target Study Ski/Is SeminarcO'v'erlng Mid-.Term 
Preparation ~ry hour on the hour trom 10 to 3 in 4010 USB. 
Indivic1Ja1 instruction available. Call 4.52-2284 or come ~ 
4010 USB for more intormatlon. Selvices are free. 
IhJo-I-Tabie In support ot the \IS Space Program on 
Revelle Plaza. Paper, e~lopes. stamps and typewriters are 
provided to get people to write letters, R~11e Plaza. 
12 noon-LJ\GO ILesblan and Gay Students 
Organization) oIfice hours eactl ~ek. Visit our office 1#2 
above the gat'!'le room in the student center). And out about 
upcoming events. 
1-2-Warren College AcademIc l'ldlllsing - Peer l'ldlllsors 
are availabie at the Warren Provost Office to help )(lU SOrt 
through)(lUl' schedule and offer options tor your major and 
minor areas of stlOj. At tile Warren College Provost Office. 
1-4-Grammar Moses Hotline - A grammar hotline 
phone-In service for help with diaion, grarrmar and 
punctuation problems. To reactl Grammar Moses. call 452-
2284 between the hours of I and 4 Monday - ·Friday. 
Sponsored DI Oasis Writing Center. Service available all 
Quarter. 
2-PIlipino Culture Workshop: A discussion session will be 
heid tor interested students with topics such as Plllpino 
OJiture, identity. and social . problems taced. In R~11e 
Informal-Formal LDunge. 
JoJ:JO-lnformal aOJising sessions with the coordinators 
tor biological and health sciences. For help in career 
planning. job hunting, and professional school preparation. 
see Ellen Moran or Beth Gex. No appointments are 
necessaI)'. Please call to confirm open hours are being held. 
At Career Planning & Placement. 1058 HL . 
2lJH-Quick Appointments: for more individual 

.attention, sign up for a 15 minute Quick appointment \MID 
the pre-law/management advisor tor information 
regarding aanissions to law school or MBA programs. They 
can be scheOJled on We01esdays ~ 2:30 and 4. 

Sign-~s at Career Planning and Placement. Hl 1058 .• 
J-S-D:> you need help In ~rlng for job interviel/llS7 
Some tips on the best ways to present your qualillcatlons 
and what kind ot interview questions 10 expect. ArtencI the 
Job Intrrviewing Workshop. No sigHJps necessary. In 
Revelle Intormal LDunge. · 
4-~1Ie Humanities AssIgt1f1'1mt Brainstorm: Small group 
class for Revelle students erYoIled in Humanities Sequence 
lOB Mosshammer S«tion. Preparation tor writing directed 
at )(lUI' partlwlar assigvnent. Class meets In 4070 USB. 
Sponsored ~ Qasls \llHting Center. Class will meet same 
time, same place throughout the Quarter. 

Monday, February 2 , 1981 

THURSDAY 
HI---.oasis Writing Center offers free service for all 
LX:SD students who need pre-writing help. conterences on 
drafts, and editing acMce. We erJgage any kind of writing 
and any kind of writlng problem. Conterences are ~ 
appointment only. Call 452-2284 or come ~ 4010 USB to 
make an appointment. Evening appointments available 
Mondays and Thursd¥ at Third Place, Dining Commons 
102 Third College. Service availabie all quarter. 
9I)o-II-<:areer options ad.lising for Humanities & Social 
Sciences students. Sign up at Career Planning & Placement 
for a 15 minute quick appointment to explore the career 
consequences ot your major or a particular ocrupationsl 
field. in HL 1058. 
100II-Resume-Writing Workshop: Introduction to 
resume writing for engineering & pt"o/Sical science students. 
Start the process here. then have }(lur resume critiqued In 
open hElurs. 
10012-Warren College AcademicAdvising - intormation 
regarEling add/drop procedures and petitioning processes 
Is available quickly from !tie Warren College Academic Peer 
Advisors at the Provost Office, Warren College. 
1 Oo.-Dasis Target Study SkillS Seminar covering M id-Term 
Preparation tNery hour on the hour from 10 to 3 in 4010 USB. 
Individual instruction iPJailabie. call 452-2284 or come ~ 
4010 USB tor'more intormation. Services are free. 
1 11)0-1-Table in support of the \IS Space Program on 
R~11e Plaza. Paper, envelopes. stamps and typewriters are 
provided to get people to write letters. Revelle Plaza. 
12 noon-LJ\GO ILesbian and Gay Students 
Organization) office hours each week. Visit our office 1#2 
above the gameroom in the student center I. Find out about 
upcoming events. 
1 Jo2-Hebrew Club: For eller}Qne interested in learning or 
speaking Hebrew. For more intormation please call Richard 
455-5776. or the office 452-3616. Meet at the Fishbowl. 
LDwer Muir Campus. 
1-2-Career options advising for Humanities & Social 
Sciences students. Sign up at Career Planning & Placement 
for 'a 15 minute quick appointment to explore the career 
corysequences of your major or a particular ocOJpatlonal 
lIeld. HL 1058. 
1-21H-Roommates & Friends of Gays - This is a support 
grt?UP for roommates and frierJds and wives, husbands, 
parents and children of persons engaged in thi ~!lpl()(atioll. 
The groups is desig1ed to create a better understanding of 
the issues this person is tacing and the role ot the 
"significant other" in his,ltler ute. Co-facilitators: Miriam 
t.Mns & Howard Leonard, Counseling and Psychological 
Services. Meets at Wa-ren College. Bldg 302. Space is 
Imired. StudentS should call 452-3755 for information and 
sign up. ASk tor Howard or Secca. 
1-4-<;rammar Moses Hotline - A grammar hotline 
phone-in 5elVice tor help ~th diction, gral'TllTlar and 
punctuation pr~Iems. To reach Grammar Moses, call 45~ 
228'4 betWeen ,. and 4, MOrid~ ~ Frid<Jf. Spons6rlid ~ 
Oasis Writing Center. Selvice availabie all quarter. 
JoJdO-tlfom:lal acMsing sessions with the coordinators. 
for biological and health SCiences. FOr help in career 
planning. jet> hunting. and protesslonal schooi preparation 
see Ellen Moran or Beth Gex. No appointments are 
necessary. Please call to confirm open hours are being held. 
At Career Planning & Placement, 1058 HL 

"'~n house at Hewlette Packard Field Office: your 
opportunity to gather information about HP before they 
recruit on campus this quarter. Several UCSD alumni IMlo 
are ncMI HP employees will be available to discuss IM1at 
they are doing in their jobs. RefJeshments will be served 
Sign up at Career Planning & Placement, HL 1058. Meet at 
HP Aeid OffIce. 9609 Aero Dr. on Kearny Mesa. 

7~nancial Aid Information Meeting: for students in 
Health' ScIences Prof~sional Sd'ools. Sponsored by the 
Health Sciences ~ Program, Career Planning & 
Placement. Meet in the Formal LD~, Revelle. 
PIIIDAY 
I-4.Jo-<>asls Writing Center offers free service for all 
LX:SO students who need pre-writing. help. conferences on 
drafts, and editing advice. We engage aflY, kind ot writing 
and any kl~ .of writing probiem. Conferences are ~ 
appointment only. Call 452-2284 or come ~ 4010 USB and 
make an appointment. E~ning appointments available 
Mondays and Thursd¥ at Third Place, Dining Commons 
102 ThIrd COllege. SenAce available ail quarter. 
.. -.Io-Law School Advising Drop-In Hours: For arTj 
~estlons concerning the application process tor law 
sdlool. see the pre-lawjmanagement advisor on an 
informal basis. No appointments are necessary. but it Is 
acMsabie to call first and confirm that open hours are being 
held, Career Planning HL 1058. 
1 OoJ-Dasls Target Study Skills stmnar c~ring Mid-Term 
Preparation MIrY hour on the hourfrom 10to 31n401OUSB. 
Individual instructiOn iPJai/abie. call 452-2284 or CC>rTle~. 
4010 USB tor more information. SenAces ar.e free. 
IIdo-l-Table in support of the \IS Space Program on 
~ile Plaza. Paper. ~Iopes, stamps, and t)'Pewrlters are 
provided to get people to write letters. RlMiIe Plaza. 
12 noon-lAGO ILesblan and G~ Students 
Organization) otrice hours each \I\ftk. 'v1sit our oma 1#2 
abolle thegameroom In the studentcentef). Rndoutabout 

~oming events. 
I·J-Warren College "'ademk: Advising - Come In to the 
Warren College f'rcM:lst Otnce for quick answers to )(lUI' 
academic schedJHng 01 petition questions from academic 
peer acMsors. Warren CoI~ ProI.ost. . 
1-4-<;rammar Moses Hotllne: A granvnar hotIlne phone-
In service for help with diction. grarrmar and ~Ion 
problems. To reach Grammar Moses, call 452-2284 
between I and 4. ~ -~. Sponsored by Oasis 
Writing Center. ServIce available all ~r. 

pIe~e turn to pale 7 

Monday. February 2.1981 

Weekly 
calendar 
continued from page 6 

Z-I.JO-Resume-Writing Workshop : Learn the 
fundamentals of resume writing. Designed tor the H&SS 
student going for an internship. higher-level part-timejob. 
or career-related job, no sign-ups necessary, in HL 1166. 
2-4-Job Strategies Workshop:CovefS the fundamentals ot 
job hunting. from identifying employers to salal)' 
negotiation. In R~lIe Intormal LDunge. 

41~plicants for Medical/Dental School : last days tor 
seniors and graduate students to sign up tor interview with 
Health Sciences Advisory Committee. CP&P, HL 105B . 

SATURDAY 
Youth Talent Auditions. sponsored ~ La Jolla/University 
Sympho'¥. in Mandeville Recital Hall. 

SUNDAY 
Youth Talent Auditions, sponsored ~ La Jolla/University 
Sympho,¥, in Mandeville Recital Hall. 

Sports and 
recreation 
The Archery Club has Open Shoot all day tNery day this 
\Meek on the UCSO Archery Range. 
7 ... -Coed UCSO Cycling Team's rides for anyone 
interested in early morning exercise or training for 
intercollegiate cycling season. Women encouraged to join. 
See ya' therel At the LX:SD Bike Shop. 

MONDAY 
I ~ I 2145-Noon Conditioning will meet for praaice every 
day this ~ek. starting at 12 In the Wrestling Room ot the 
Main G}-m. 
4-S-The Table Temis Club is hoiding praaice every clay 
from +5 in the Rec. Conf. Rm. 
.... - The Gymnastics Club will be holdifl9 practice every 
day starting at 4 on the South Balcor¥ ot the Main Gym. 
s-.-The Karate Club holds practice today at 5pm on the 
North Balcor¥ of the Main Gym. 
7-9-The Gung Fu Club will be holding a practice session 
today at 7 in the M~ Room 01 the Main Gym. 

. , L 
.Io-The Israeli Folkdance Club will hold a practice 
tonight, starting at 8 in the Ret Cont. Room. 

n.SDAY 
.1011111-The Wrestling Club will be meeting for practice 
today at Bam. Old wrestlers are needed,join us tor some re-
conditioning in the wrestling room ot the main gym. 

I~UI45-Noon Conditioning meets for practice in the 
Wrestling Room ot the Main Gym. . 
4-6-The GyrTvlaStics Club meets on the South Balcony of 
the Main Gyn. 
.. S,45-lhe Judo Club will hold praalce both Tuesday 
and Thursday. starting at 5 in the Wrestling Room in the 
Main Gym. 
... - The Karate Club will be holding praaice tod~ on the 
North Balcony ot the Main Gym. 
.II-lhe Racquetball Club holds Club Night at the 
Sorrento Valley Racquet Club tonight at 8. Come on down 
and join inl 52 tor three hours. Carpools leate at 7:45 trom 
the Utey Hall mailbox. 

W.DNISDAY 
I ~ 1 Zl45-Noon conditioning meets in the Wrestling 
Room of the Main Gym. 
1-1-The Jugging Club meets on the Muir Lawn tod~ at 1. 
It it rains. meet in the Wrestling Room. 
4-5-The Table Temis Club meets In the Ret Conference 
room. 
.... - The Gymnastics Club meets on the South Balc~ ot 
the Main Gym. 
... - The Karate Club meets on the North Balcony of the 
Main Gym. 
6.JH--';kido ClL1J has praalce today trom 6:30 10 8 in 
the Wrestling Room of the Main Gym. 
7-9-The Gung Fu Club meets tod~ In the Adaptive Room 
ot the Main Gym. 

1HURSDAY 
.10-The WrestIng Club has practice today at 8 am. Old 
wrestlers are oeeded.join us tor SOIT1e re-conditioning in the 
wrestling Room 01 the Main Gym. 
1 ~ 12I4I-Noon conditioning meets in the Wrestling 
Room of the Main Gym. 
W-The Gymnastics Club has praalce on the South 
8a~ of the Main Gym. 
Ht4I-lhe .AJdo Club has practice in the wresting Room 
Inttle.Gym. 
"-'The ~atr Club will ~ practice on the North 
8a~ of the M* Gym. 
,..-lhf Gung AI GJb rnms trl the ~ ft)om. 

The Gllardian 

., '-The Racquetball Club hoids Club Night at the 
Sorrento Valley Racquetball Club tonight at 8. Come on 
down and join inl 52 for 3 hours. Carpools leave at 7:45 from 
the Urey Hall mailbox. 

FRIDAY 
U-UI45-Noon conditioning meets in the Wrestling 
Room of the Main Gym. 
2-J-The Synchronized Swimming Club will be holding 
praaice at 2-3 at the pool. 
4-5-The Table Temis Club meets in the Rec. Cont. Rm. 
4-6-The GymnastiCS Club meets on the South BalCOny of 
the Main Gym. 
506-The Karate Club meets on the North Balco,¥ ot the 
Main Gym . 

SATURDAY 
100U-The Aikido Club will 'laId a practice in the 
Wrestling Room. 
11-2-The Ultimate Frisbee Club WIll hold a praaice today 
on Third College Reid. 
406-The Boxing Club will hold its practice session In the 
Adaptive Room. 

SUNDAY 
10.1 Z-The Synchronized Swimming Club w ill be holding 
praaice today in the pool. 

. Meetings 
MONDAY 
9-lo-"WOmen in Science" organizational meeting. 
l.kldergrad IIIIOrTlerI with science majors are irlllited to 
partiCipate in developing a strat~ and program tor this 
new association. In the Women's Center. 
S-Israel Action Corrmittee: For those interested In the 
~ and future of Israel. If)(lu are Interested, but can't 
make It to the meeting. please call Richard 455-5776, or the 
WS office. 452-3616. Meet at the FishboWl, LD~r Muir 
CarJl)us. 
S-General Citizens' Party Meeting at the Women's Center . 
'-'ustralian Aborigines land Rights: Organizational 
meeting to discuss American uranium companies'seizure of 
tribal Aboriginal land and how to organize a national 
carJ1)iIign to publicize the disaster. Help needed. ~ 
party follows. At. Sociology Dept. Gradlate lolXlge. Muir 
SocIal ScIences Building, 6th noor. 
'lJ0-8ridge: Instruction & Play. We are offering play and 
Instruction to all. We meet in the game room above the 
Student Center. 

,lUESDAY 
7_Surt Club Meeting In USB 40208. 
414S-COOP meeting to discuss ~ekly issues. all new 
members are encouraged to attrl'1dlAt Assorted Vir¥ Store. 

~O Special Events, Student Center. Bldg. B. South 
Conf. Rm. 
S.JO-CIrcie K Oub MftII,.1 Orde K Is warIIl,. 
willi ~ OIJncpIa. H join ....... help 0Ihen. 
In ..... .wI .. Po""" Lounge. 
61JO-Ulion of Jewish Students: Weekly meeting tor all 
interested students. Please be prompt I For more 
information, please call the UJ5 office 452-3616. or Diane 
692-1379. At Graduate Student Conference Room. 
7-Soaring . Club General Meeting: Ground school 
tollowing afterwards meeting. Torrey Soaring in March, 
fund raising. introductory f1igl:1ts. and "possibly" a new shipl 
Meet upstairs student center lounge. 
7115-lntercollegiate Women's Soccer Team meeting. Very 
important If you wish to P0{ intercollegiate soccer. In tI1e 
Rec. Conference Room. 
7IJo-Meeting ot committee Against the New Right to 
plan future forums. In Che Cate. 
IO-Warren Apartment Programming Board Meeting in 
Warren Apt. Rec. Center. 

WEDNESDAY 
2-lJE0 Ethnic and Cultu~1 Events Committee. Student 
Center Bldb. B South Conf. Rm. 
4-The Women's Resource Center collective is planning 
two conterences this qurter: A Women's Health 
Conference. which will be held at the International Center 
on February 19 from 7-10; and an International Women's 
Day Conference with other student organizations on 
March 4. If you are interested in \NOrking on these ~nts. 
come to the general meetings. every Wednesday at 4 in the 
Women's Resource Center. 
5-(£0 Pop Events meeting. Student Center. Bldg. B., 
Jl,brth Cont Rm. 
5-Warren College Council. in we 405. "" are ~lCome to 
drop DI. 
.Jo-Dr. Dick Terdiman IFrench literature) will speak on 
"La Rencoutre de Ia CUltu~. " In Beagle Hall Apartment. 
aalO-Gerrnan Club: Film Die letzten Tageder Menschheit. 
Free in Revelle Formal LDunge. 

1HUItIDAY 
'-Saint Vincent de Paul Meeting: 1hIs special meeting 
ho!ts mr. \XI111 Dalzet. chairman ot the San Diego chapter of 
the St. VIncent de Paul/parish societies). All rnernbm are 
encouraged to come, & well as artJ new I~ted 
wIu'ltrt!B. At. lkWmItY Lutheran C~ Church on 
La Jolla Sham Or. /«FOSS from t.ny Hall,. . 

7 

7-Dark Star meeting. Planning of aaMties. exchange ot 
Sdence Fiaion books and discussion of authors all happen 
at meetings ot Dark Star. In the Revelle Informal lounge. 

FRIDAY 
S:JO-<:oed UCSO Cycling Team meeting tor all rnernbers 
and all those students with bikes. especially \NOmen, IMlo 
enjoy travelling to other campuses for intercollegiate 
competition. We train every day. At the UCSO Bike Shop. 

Religion 
lalll-Jellllish Services The moming mi'¥1n meets at Bam 
on campus. All interested people are welcome to join~. For 
more information piease call David 453-4501. Mark 578-
5469 or Diane 692-1379. 

llJESDAY 
Jplll-Life and teaching of Jesus Christ New Testament 
class in LOS institute bldg lacross the street from Tioga). 
6:59-TGIT IThank God It's Tuesd~) Come and relax in 
the warmth of Christian fellowship. We live in a metal age 
- silver in !tie hair, gold in the teeth, iron in tI1e veins, and 
lead in the pants. Get the lead out andjoin tI1e fellowship 
that make things happen. Sponsored ~ Campus Crusade 
for Christ. Meet in HL 1402. 
.-<:atholic Bible StlOj at University lJ.ittleran Church. 
9595 La Jolla Shores Dr. 

WEDNESDAY 
I-Where did ~ come trom7 \XIty are \Me here on Ear1t17 
Come tIncI out IM1at the Mormons beii~ in LOS Institute, 
across trom TIOga Hall. 
7-a-aasic .Jewish Concepts: A discussion class led ~ 
Rabbi Moshe Leider of Chabad. All interested people are 
invited to attend. Any questions 7 Call Rabbi Leider at 582-
7719. In P&L 2322. 

'THURSDAY 
, 4-lnterested in Christian ScIence? Come to the Christian 
Science Organizational meeting, everyone is IoIIIngIy 
in-vi ted, in Revelle Informal LolXlge. 
7lJOpcn-Lutheran Inquirers Seminar "The \XIt¥ and 
Ways of Worship" is tonight's topic. Q»erI to all at the 
lounge ot University Lutheran Church. 9595 La Jolla Shores 
[)rive, next to Re\ielle College. 

SATURDAY 
S-<:atholic Mass at ~ity wtheran Church. 9595 La 
Jolla Shores Dr. 

SUIIDAY 
allO-Cathoiic Mass at UniYersity wtheran Church. 9595 
Ca Jolla Shores Dr. 
lo--Lutheran WOfship Service , University wtheran 
Church, 9595 la Jolla Shores Dr .. across the street from 
Urey Hall. 
IOIJO-<:atholic Mass. University Lutheran Church. 9595 
La Jolla Shores Dr. 
12 noan-Eplscopal Eucharist. University Lutheran 
Church. 9595 La Jolal Shores Dr. 
5-<:atholic Mass. University Lutheran Church. 9595 La 
Jolla Shores Dr. 

Entertainment 
MONDAY 
7-Rlm, "Finals Week" A UCSD documentary. Rlmmaker 
Barry f-¥!1an will be present. Hopefully with refreshments 
at TL.H 107. The cost of seeing this film is free. All studentsare 
welcome. If staff and taculty have time, they are also 
welcome. Charles Patterson says, "Superb ... lt's no \NOnder 
the administration tried to suppress it.. .. .. Ted Zee says. "An 
unbelievably moving, exciting, most extraordinary 
experience ever filmed of UCSO and the general 
environment." This film stars all the students wI10 took 
exams during finals week as well as historical footage 
showing the construction both physically and intellectually 
of UCSD. The duration of this film is 33 minutes. Rnally.}(lu 
gotta see this filml. 

THURSDAY 
7-Rlm. "The Ascent" Grand Prize Wimer, Berlin Festival. 
Soviet Director Larlsa Shepitko's wrenching protrayal of 
heroism and betrayal in the partisan resistance of World 
War II. Also, "Ashes and Diamonds" Polish Director Andrej 

W~a's film explores the political struggles l/IotIich follCMled 
the Nazi defeat. In MandNil1e Auditorium. 

FRIDAY 
6IJo-Dneg Shabbat: Everyone is invited to join us tor our 
conclavt' reunion onego ''The Talmud Game." 1 even if you 
~ren't on the conclave I) If at all possible. please bring 
something to eat or drink, vegi potluck Is after the service. 
For more Information. 'Call the WS office. 452-3616. or 
Diane 692-1379. In the Formal/lntormal LDunge. Rl!IIeI~ 
Campus. 

,~imated film : ''The History Book" Tl'lis series 01 
imaginative animated filmS begins lMlere most histoly 
books ~ave off, In TlH 107. 

please tum to pate 14 



8 The Guardian The Guardimt 9 

" A slow game 
for woman's 
b- ball, they 
win 68-55. 

Freethrows ice Spirit Night victory 
BY BEN MARCUS 

Saturday Sprit Night at 
UCSD and the Women' 
basketball leam responded 
with a 68-55 win over 
Southern Cal College. 

The pact: of the ganle, 
however . did not reflect the 
epithet of "Spirit" night. One 
lar remarl:ed that the "first 
',alf seemed to be played in 
slow motion." 

The reason for t he game's 
s low pace stemmed from the 
"mall -number of girls on 
Southern Cal' team . 
Southern Cal, a poorly 
conditioned team, had only 
ix player and could not 

afford to lose any to fouls . 
The squad lacked inten 'ity 
and in the fir t half UCSD 
played into their lethargic 
tyle. 

After the s luggish first 
half, UCSD coach Judy 
Malone ubstituted enthusi-
a lie sophomore guard Jan 
Martin , who immediately 
picked up the pace of the 
game. Martin, along with 
hu tling freshman guard 
Grace Bearis, provided 
UCSD with the movement 
and enthusiasm it needed to 
defeat an outmaR n ed 
Southern Cal College. 

Usa Yonomota passes oft to a teammate in Saturday's Friday night UCSD lost to 
.. me. The Tritons prevailed, 68·55. Asuza Pacific 64-29. 

Defense plays the key for shorthanded Tritons 
BY BOB McSPADDEN 

Gary Haynes planted his feet at the foul line , looking 
straight up at the clock displaying 30 . econds to play and 
his Triton team up by one point, 79·78. Th crowd sat tense, 
but Haynes calmly hit both attempts to ice an 3-7 win 
over the Kingsmen of Cal Lutheran at urday night. 

The Tritons suited up only nine players for the" pirit 
Night" conte t, due to the ineligiblity of four m mber . 

"We knew that o"ur defense would win thi one," 
explained a jubilant Coach John Blo k after hi s team 
nearly gave away a 47-39 

h'h~s6 'i~fd"fhe I"" ~se G~'"~~~~o(\\~~~''' C. 
throughout thegame until ~_ ~1 "'~ 
s ix un(\n ~wered points by 
Cal tied the match at 67. 

-~.- ith jLlst 11 minute~ 
remaining. Haynes recalls 
"W(' had these guys right where we wanted them and 
weren't ahlmt to let them sl ip by. We knew that our defense 
wou ld pull the game out." 

However, with 3:02 left to play, the Kingsmen grabbed 
the lead 78-77, and Coach Block called for time. "We I 
weren't playing well at all right then . I told them that they 
had to hit the board hard and play tough defense. They did 
it! 

On the inbound play Sherman Johnson mis ed an 
outside jump hot , but Hayne was ther to follow it up. 
With the Tritons bac in front , Hayne' two clutch 
freethrow were duplicated by Dana Bedard to give the 
final 83-78 margin . 

Hayne , who led all corers with 24 point , prai ed the 
entire team. "We kept our head when it got tight. The 'D' 
(defense) did it for us!" 

The Tritons dropped in 61 percent of their shots in the 
fir t half, a measurable edge over Cal Lutheran' 44 
percent. 

Cal's Mike Adams, who led the King men with 17 point , 
complimented the Tritons for, "coming at u hard in the 
end when it counted. They played a great game, especially 
Hayne . I thought we might take it the last minutes but we 
couldn't even buy a basket." 

Coach Block explained that the lack of players hasn't 
hurt the team 0 far . "Playing with just nine players might 
get a li ttle difficult if some of our starter ' get into foul 
trouble. Aside . from that, we're pia ing fairly well as a 
team," he concluded . 

The Triton victory was aided by Kevin Douglas with 14 
points, Bedard with 11 and Johnson with I Q. Haynes' score 
of 24 points is just one under hi eason average of 25 points 
per game. 

The Triton cagers will return to action Lomorrow night 
when they host Cal Baptist. Tipoff will be at 8 pm in the 
Main Gym . 

Future events in sports at UCSD 
This coming weekend will be a bu y one on the 

intramural sports calendar. On Saturday two tournaments 
take place - an all-campus doubles tennis competition and 
an all-campus swimming championship. 

GlUJrdian pitolo by Kon Kro",,, 

UCSO's Gary Haynes drop~ in o ne of two freethrows with 30 
seconds left in th e game agains t Cal LUlheran. Haynes led a ll scorer s 
with 24 points . 

Weekend results, schedules 
Basketball 

Women 
Azusa Pacific- ,UCSD-
UCSD-68, So. Cal Col.-55 

Mcn 
UCSD-83 , Cal Lutheran-
78 -

wimming 
Men 

UC D·73, UCR-28 
WOIllCn 

UCSD-4l, UCR-35 

This Thur day The Guardian will begin a series of 
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~article a~utthelnterc~l~iateAthletk pr~ramhereat 

UCSD. Written by taff writers Jim Agronick and Scott 
Allison, the series wi ll look at the program in general and 
analyze eight sports in particular. 

Fencing 
CSULA-38, UCSD-5 

Women's tennis 
UCSD-6. Scripp College-3 
UCSD-9, La Verne·Q 

, GIardia' bItoto by Kg Kr9'" 
A vocal group from 'Third College lets out some cheers during Spirit Night. They were part of 

a capacity crowd in the Main Gym. 
Kevin Douglas looks for an open teammate in Saturday'S game in 

were victorious, 83-78. Hunareds of fans went home happy as both 
Night doubleheader. The Tritons 

n and men's teams scored wins. 

The General Store 
has 

Roiling Writer 
suggested retai I 984 

our price 56~ 

Quicker Clicker 
suggested retail $2.98 

our price $t.M 
We have other Pentel Mechanical 
Pencils, and many types of .0Smm 

leads at 30% below suggested retail. 

So let's see you at the General Store 
Open Mon-Fri 11 -4 

Located on the south side of the 
Student Center 452-3932 

Campus Recreation 
Department of Physical Education 

Intramural 
Metis &. ~men's 

I.Thnnis Doubles 
Tournament 

Entry f«: 1 new can tennis balls 
(bring to tournament) 

Saturday-Sunday 
February 7 - 8 
A. B,C Divisions 

Sigrl-ups due by noon, February 6, 
In the Rec Gym OfIIce 

Chili CIUIiIftI'l_D 
iring Your 

Campus Recreation 
Department of 

Physical Education 

or $1.00 to ~"I.'\I-

. Student 
Travel 
Services february 2 

TRAVf:L 
SUOW!! 

. ~urope/Work Abroad/Contlkl Tours 

Schedule: 
10·1: Information Table at the Student Center. 

Seminars 
1-2: Independent Travel. covering nights. rail -

passes, 10 cards and more 
2-.3 : Work Abroad. New Zealand. Ireland. Br,itain 

and france. 
.3·4: Contlki Tours. film Included. 

All seminars are in the riorth 
Conference Room of the Student 

Center. for more Info, call 452-0630. 

r-----------rou~n-----------, 

c 
o 
u 
p 
o 
n 

Individualized Haircutting 
1/2 orr to new customers with 

this coupon 

Women 

Men S 
$6 Ire. "'I 1M 

free bottle of 
shampoo or 
conditioner 
to our 
returning 
customers. 

M4US\ 
NATUM I'IHD fMTH UNlltO WITH SOEHCE 

10951 Sorrento Valley Road 
Next to the Sorrento Valley Racquet Club 

II Call for appointment : 453-5020 II 

o 
u 
p 
o 
n 

, ___________ rou~n _ ----------~ 



, 

Chinese language and 
Q.QI omDt CulIDrai Sbadles 
--"IF eIIffJIIeI and 1IIft1. 
~ IIudy In TUran. 
EItaIIft ~ IIItIllg. 
run ua/waIItJ credit. 
rI*J"'. 4/HS/12: 6/1s-9/4: 9121-12/18. 
PInt QuIrta": TIIItIon $780: IIouIbIg tlOO. 

MlZmnG A'ruc:AllOf1S roR AU. QlIM'l'tIlS. 
......................... 
adIIae a.,... 1M CUba! Studies 
roO. lIN 1551S. a-g1r8dl. CA lI08iS 
,.... (21ll97-Wl 

VAi,EItTINE 
dEWELRY 

SKOFF 
1 

· 1 
Charms. Charmholders. Chains. OraceI.ts 

tiM-OFF I 
j 

I pendants. rtngs. 4tOrrtngs. lockets 
All in 14K Gold 
So",. with precious steMs. 

. 

RJYALMAUI ., JEWELRY 
LA JOLLA VIlLAGE SQUARE 453-6750 

(lower level next to Bullock's Wilshire) 
Your personal check is welcome. 

VISA. MASTEP.CAAD, AMEI\lCAN EXPRESS 

presented by the University Events Office 

February 6. friday. 8:00 pm 
Mand8YlUe AudHorium 

UCSD IIudentI ".00. QA. 16.00 
fMJIII/FoctAtr/oIIMJ Stu. $5.00 

I "~ 
-.: 

I.:, 
... 

I · 

I, 

A Spartacus Youth 
League Forum 

Civil War in 
EI Salvador -

Mi I itary Victory to 
Left-Wing Insurgents! 

Speaker: Jose Silva, 
5partacus Youth League 

Wednactav, February 4, noon 
North Conf. Room, Student Center 

SEX ON CAMPUS: 
ISSUES & ANSWERS 
Is a panel discussion on ~aI Issu~ -
communicating about sex, Intimacy, 
commitment, contraception, sex & religion, 
homosexuality and questions submitted by the 
audience, Listen to expert opinions of Dr. 
Krlstal Luke, sociologist & resarcher on 
contraception/abortion, Drs. Den Munoz and 
Howard Leonard, UCSO Counseling & 
Psychological ServIces, Sharon Keating, director, 
Planned Parenthood, and La AtIdnson, campus 
minister, ____ _ 

-~, ~ 5, t9l1. 7:»9:30 
pm, ....,., Aucltortl-. (aI .,00). '-

6ahfomia ~ School of law 
....;;;;------ F<XN>ED 19!1. 

.-.c~d by the Amcrtc:an BIr ~ IrId II manbcr of the 
American AIIocIatIon of !.MY Schools 
~ for Fell of 1981 .e stlN being accept£ci Whk the mefority 
of our students come from 110"011 America, this yur _ lIN: IIIIIkIng II 
special ettempt to miIke room for AI.L quellftcd Callfornle students, 

Cell at wrIfIE today for )'OW' brOChure and application form: 
Ms .... 1oN .... 1 ...... 

SSG CedIr It,. (7'4) 1»039'1, SD, CA "'0' 

University [vents presents 

··The Decline and Rebirth of Gottman viboAL 
__ Isc..uloly_d _GO"_ <-.-..III --.dICK"'Y 

iIId " .. poIltiul "" .... His 1« .......... 11 d.lIO_ .1UIIty ........ ""'dry .... 
.... iuIgIIIl .... ciwlclalsr ~IJ "'"lot .... 1. __ .. . 

WIlli_I! ....... , .. " . PllnImlUori4lt. _1,dc.\ .... I. ""........,.. 
~ _ ... cot __ ID'" ....... _ 'I -, ............ 
• 1 .... if"l'I., .......... k _ .... l1li __ -... "'-.Irs llllorllk Ibbm 

~ . .IIt"" -. _ .......... 1111_ r. -1rJ. 
_,. _,1It Is ................... ID ~"" ........ 1II._IC1IIr. 

--. ... C)'IIIuI-. .......... - .. _ .. ,.... ... ", .... - . 
_ ... _"'-_ ......... __ .... _ .... 
- ...... ~,.... .. -- . 

~,r...". '100 .. 
.... 11 ... ____ 

UCSD It. $1. uao hic/lWf/-- It. t3. G.A. ... 
11dIeIa _ .... .& IJ!O .. CNIke. 45:1 .. " 

Monday. February 2.1981 

Women netters 
take two here 

BY SAMANTHA R08Y 
Last Friday, on a blustery 

afternoon, the UCSD 
Women's Tenni s Team 
defeated Scripps College (of 
the Clairmont-Mudd system) 
6-3. in the Tritons' opening 
match of the season. 

Returning number-one 
seed Cecilia Kavanaugh 
defeated Horenstein. her 
Scripps opponent, handily. 6-
O. 6-0. Kavanaugh. who was 
out of action with an ankle 
injury for most of las t year's 
season. appears to have 
regained her poise and self· 
assuredness on the court; she 
dominated the match from 
the outset with st rong 
services and returned nearly 
everything on her side of the 
court. 

Horenstein's s tory was 
another matter. For her. the 
match was an uphill battle. 
No matter how she struggled, 
she just could not get her 
footing or her service. There 
were several long rallies. 
most of which Kavanau~h 
took in her favor. HQrenstem 
was never really .in the 
match. 

Most of the remaining 
Tritons also fared well: 
number two-seeded Laura 
Saavadera won her match 6-
2. 6-0; number three-seeded 
Lisa Gilbert won 6-2-. 6-0; 
number four-seeded Karen 
Baar edged her opponent 6-2, 
5-7. 7-5; Number five-seeded 
Elizabeth Saar lost 6-2. 6-4; 
and nu m ber six-seeded 

please tUrD to pale 11 

Swimmers win 
at Riverside 

On the road fresh from 
their victory over San Diego 
State. the swim team easily 
defeated UC Riverside on 
Saturday. 

The men handily won. 73-
28. while the women edged 
out a victory 42-35. 

A big win for the women 
was in the 400 medley relay 
where Jackie Van Egmond. 
Laurli Galleup, Sandr, Groos 
and Claudia 0 Brien 
combined for a 4:22.8 time, 
good enough for first place. 

Dave Reed led the men 
with a 1:01.8 timing in the 
100 breast stroke. John 

. Beckly took the 200 free in 
1:49.0. 

Fencers out-
foiled in LA 

The fencing team travelled 
to Cal State Univ. Los 
Angeles Saturday and lost to 
one of the more powerful 
schools in southern Califor· 
nia , 

Atthough the Tritons could 
manage only five points out 
of the 43 scored by both 
teams, there were several 
bright spots. Wulf Carson 
continued his undefeated 
string by winning all three of 
hi s matches. 

Monty Rosen was 1-2 
against CSULA and showed 
"very good technique and 
good promise" for the future, 
according to coach Kathy 
Kasslebaum. 

On the women's side, 
Sandy Shepard scored the 
lone point for the Tritons, 
with a 1·4 match. 

Overall. Kasselbaum said 
the fencers are look"" ·very 
good technique-wise. 'They 
are using coaching tips on !he 
strip (court) and arnUlg 
alot_" l!~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~;;~;;~~~~~~~~==~~~===::::::':::-.;:-:'--:--.;-:.;; .. ;; .. ~ .. ;:'.;-: .. ;; .. :;: .. ~-'...... ... .. ..... . . .,. " ... '.I' , ...... , ft. 

Monday. February 2. 1981 The Guardian 

Triton netters win in first two . 
matches, mostly freshmen lead 
cuntinued from page 10 
Barbara O'Day wa defeated 
6-3, 4-6, 6-1. 

In double actions, the 
Tritons were successful in 
two of the three contests, 
with the number one team of 
Kavanaugh/Saavedera win-
ning6·0. 6-1 ; the number two 
team of Gilbert / Saar 
victorious 6·0, 6-2. Baar and 
O'Day, t he number three 
team. lost 6-3, 6-1. 

A ide from the two 
veterans Kavanaugh and 
Saar, the team is com posed of 
freshmen who are just 
getting into the swing of 
collegiate compet it ion. 
. In spite of the freshman 
make-up 01 the squad, 
secon d -y ear coac h Liz 
Duda h feels confident that 
UCSD will capture the league 
champions hip . " We will 
definitely win the league. 
We're much stronger then 
(r eigning leagu e champ) 
Westmont College." 

The team began practicing 

in October. broke for the 
winter break and resumed 
trai ning Jan. 6. As far as 
Duda h can determine, all of 
her players have strong 
game . But along with 
rookies comes necessit y for 

confidence bui lding. "The 
first win really helps," said 
Dudash. 

On Saturday, the women 's 
team defeated La Verne 
College, g·o. on the Muir 
courts, 

11 

Number one s ingles player Cecilia Kavanagh moves to hit 
a backhand in Friday's match. She won. 6-0, 6-0 and teamed 
with Laura Saavedra (left) to win doubles, 6·0, 6·1. 

Ha.ir by 
Michael 

Over 10 years experience 
Hairstyling for the entire family 
Precision haircuts your way 
Always a free consultation 

1Uesday thru Saturday 9-~ 
1 • _ Thursday 9-7 

7419 La Jolla Blvd. 
call for ap pointment 

459-9426 

YOORTRIPSTARTS HElIE 
flight. * Eu,.U • BrilR.U •• 'c. .. 
w •••• Europe T,."", SpecIoIl ... 

Call 10, • IT.., Trip Org.nlzer. 

dt 

Saturdays 
P&l1tlO 

UCSD 

AASAFE 
DRIVING 
SCHOOL 

'----- LA Jolla -



12 The Guardian Monday, February 2. 1981 

Book explores 'poetry wars' ~t Naropa 
The gist of Tom Clark's 

T1u Creot Naropa Poetry 
Wa,.s (Cadmus Editions, 
Santa Barbara) is that the 
energy of modern-day 
"counter Buddha" - that is, 
Chogyam Trungpa, Rinpoche 
- h8s turned the famed 
poetry school at Boulder 
Colorado's Naropa Institute 
into an anti-democratic. anti· 
artistic, cultish center of 
pods. . . 

E~t meets west, Zen meets booze . 
'7~ and founded the Naropa 
Institute in Boulder .. 
proclaiming that American 
artists and poets possessed 
the inner enlightenment 
neccessary for 'the piritual 
transformation of both the 
West and the East. 

The flap which led to 
Clark's book began in 
Snowmass Colorado, where 

Chogyam leads his annual 
three-month retreat. .Merwin 

raised as to · whether the 
Rinpoche's off· beat, Buddhist 
teaching had culminiated in 
excessive violence. 

Immediatly after the 
incident became known, a 
boycott by 'American artists 
was launched against 
Naropa, which had utilized 
numerous poet s, artists and 
musician.s as teachers for its 

work8hbps. It was a unique 
enviornm~nt;. poets such as 
Amiraia Baraka , Timothy 
Leary , .Bobbie Lou s ie 
Hawkins, Merwin, Ed Dorn 
and Gregory Corso have 
taught there. For the last few 
years, it has been hard to find 
people who are willing to be 
associated with the institute. 

In a recent poem, "Ode to 
Failure," Ginsberg laments : 
"I tried to convince Tom 
Clark Trungp~ is a good 

med i ta tion teacher . " 
Ginsberg, student of Eastern 
philosophy , has been a 
devotee of the lama for 
several . years , and has 
generally been held account· 
able for explaining his 
behavior. Trunspa continuo 
ally employs weird stuff,like 
drunkenness and illogical 
contradictions , to explain 
and d em 0 n s t rat e k el 
Buddhist points Of belie . 
Several avant-gardists with 
Buddhist . and Marxist 
tendencies have renounced 
him. "Many believe Chog· 
yam Trungpa has unques· 
tion'ably done more harm to 
Buddhism in the United 
States than any man living," , 
writes Kenneth Rexroth on 
the back cover of Clark's 
handsomely 'printed, small · 
press polemic. 

Has this run of 2500 copies 
done harm to Naropa? The 
verdict is not yet in. 
Generally, the only artists 
willing to teach there now are 

Buddhists. The s tudents, 
however, come from all over 
the country and remain 
ignorant , separate from or 
ambivalent towards the 
religious orientation of the 
school; 
Work s hops flower In 
ummer, Naropa expect to 

be accredit ed soon and the 
cultural happening that is 
Boulder continues with the 
s tore-front institute as its 
center. 

Overall , Naropa Wan is a 
good, quick read , tantalizing 
as gossip and worth a 
con versation at any coffee· 
house west of the Missis-
s ippi. At best an expose of a 
great Tibetan pretender. at 
worst another instance of the 
cannibalism infecting post· 
modernism, Clark's treatise 
sali fies the palate of poets, 

. c ri t icS, literary hi s torio -
graphers and the like. Based 
on incidents that peaked in 
]975, thus somewhat s tale as 
news. it makes up for other 
.shortcomings through it s 
vibrant writing . . 

After a suspenseful 
narration of events leading 
up to and following poet W.S. 
Merwin's fending · off of 
attempts on him and his 
girlfirend with a broken beer 
bottle at a . etreat led by 
Trun~pa, there follows 
intervIews not with the 
principal people involved, but 
with the dIrectors of the 
Derouac School of Disembod· 
ied Poetics, - Allen Ginsberg 
and Ahne Waldman. Clark's 
intended connection is clear: 
the authors of Howl, 
Ginsberg, forther Beat, friend 
of Keronauc, lover of many 
men; and Waldman, former 
director of St. Mark's Poetry 
Project and author of Fast 
S/NItIIli"ll Womall, they are 
IOmehow in coml?liance with 
the Rinpoche s "crazy 
wisdom" licenses. 

. had · asked to attend the 
intensive training session. 
After that, the details become 
hazy and confused . Some say 
Chogyam put the make on 
Merwin's girlfriend, 
alludin~ to the bond they 
shared In their Asiatic origin. 
Merwin and friend retired to 
their room, and Trungpa 
reportedly ordered tht; rest of 
the people at the retreat to 
bring them out of their room 
and strip them. No one 
protestei:l, some attempted to 
carry out the godhead's 
wishes, but Merwin protec-
ted them both. 

Cop sh~~ tOQ cro\Vded 
Trungpa grew up in Tibet 

and was rescued as a young 
boy from the Communist 
takeover, his deific nature 
proclaimed by the Buddhist 
lamas there. He was educated 
in England. where his 
penchant for Western ways 
of almho! and women earned 
him a reputation that is 
somehwhat contrary to his 
embodiment as Buddha's 
successor. He came to the 
United States in the early 

Cilristia 11 Dior 
lUNmes 

GLASSES 
2 PAlRS •.. 1 PRICE 

That no one offered 
anything contrary to 
Chogyam's or:ders remains 
disturbing, ' and Clark 
concentrates on this in his 
essay and subsequent 
interviews, The climate of 
the Jim Jones cult massacre 
surrounded the investigation 
of the incident by Ed 
Sanders' "Investigati ve 
Poetics" class atNaropa, and 
the issue wits continually 

BY MIKEL TOOMBS 
Art. Writ .... 

The show opens on ' an 
earlY'morning roll call at a 
poltce precinct in an 
unnamed inner city. As the 
sergeant reels off the ·Iatest 
grisly crime figures, the 
officers in attendance talk 
and joke aplong themselves, 
acting liRe school children on 
the last day of class: These, 
uh, adults are the same 

UUSCH &-... 

people who have been sworn 
to uphold the law and to 
protect and serve us? . 

Wen, they would be if we 
had the misfortune to live in 
the area patrolled by the Hill 
St. Blues, the title of a fairly 
ridiculous and yet somehow 
critically acd.aimed n~w 
series on NBC television. 

Last Saturday ' episode of 
Hill St. Blues presented a 
supposedly typical day in the 
life of those lovable cops who, 
among similar experiences , 
arrested a lovable car thief 
who turned out to be a 
mechanical wizard and fixed 
eveything in the precinct 

p-_.YOIa CHOICE --. . I 'Pr<nss/onol S~,ces not Includ~ I 

. building, where visited by a 
lovable (if deranged) SWAT· 
team leader straight out of 
Dr. Strangelove (the George 
C. Scott character) and 
booked a number of very 
dangerou s· looking but 
almost lovable members of a 
youth gan~ which seemed to .' 
be laying SIege to the precinct 
but really wasn't. New FDA approved Extended 

WUI 2 week/sleep softens! 
Plus Astigmatism Soft Lens! 

LANGUAGE HOUSE 
FIlMS & LECTURES 

.. Feb (8:30) FIm - DIe IeUtItI '''' cIIr MaIlK ...... t. R-'Ic F6imeI 
I..ounIC-

.. Feb (8:30) LedIft - Dr. DId! 'C • & ........ 1_ Oft La, ... --. 
ell II ...... 1Iufc Hell ~ 

10 Feb (8:30) PcnNIIIn 11m -1111 ...... W" (In 1penIIII). Hl1402. 
11 Feb (8:30) LedIft - De_cNInd lind 0 • ueldl, ... HliII 

~ 
17 Feb (8:30) L.edIn - AIt'oNo Fuente Ib.IIz (c:cntUI de MDlco): La 

..... ~1 .. 1IIIIc8 _ MIlleD. ~ formII ~ 

n. LM ..... HOUle .. IocIted In ........ on le¥eile 
~. T....,... 45H157 for further IlIfcMMtIon. 

The only story in this 
flurry of subplots to be 
covered in any sort of depth 
concerned a cop allegedly on 
the ' take. The issue is a 
delicate and potentially 
explosive one, but Hill 51. / 
Blues virtually defused it by 
portraying the officer as 
basically a Good Cop 
(innocent, even) who has 
fallen in with bad company as 
a result. of job "pressures" 
(though what these might be, 
you certainly didn't find out 

Chemistry 
Student· Affairs 

) 

is moving to the first floor of . , 
Urey Hall. Our new phone number 

' will be 452-6870, after February 6th. 

on this ·show). He isn ' t 
exactly lovable, but definitely 

symp~thetic. 
The problem of Hill St. 

Blues, if publisheQ reports 
are. to be believed, is one of too 
many compromises. The 
network (NBC) didn't want a 
police drama, so the 
producers (MTM) added '_a 
layer of humor - and threw 
in some rather crude sexual 
references, for good measure 
- to what they promises 
would still be a hard·hitting 
series. As a result, the 
producers have ' fallen far 
short <If their goal: an air of 

'unr;eality pervades Hill St. 
Blues, as the occasional , 
sjncere attempts at urban 
authenticity are glaringly 
misused and largely 
unknown cast labors to 
create characters who 
existence seems most 
tenuous. 

Vidal here 
Gore Vidal, one of 

America's liveliest' and most 
controversial novelists-
playwrights-critics, will 
speak tomorrow night, 8 pm, 
in the Mandeville Audit<ri-
urn. The topic of his talk will 
be "The State of the Union, 
or, T~ Decline and Rise of 
The RepUblic." 

With over 15 novels 
(including Myra Brecki,,· 
ridge, B"rr, and his latest, 
Kalki), teTevision screen· 
plays film scripts. short 
stories and collected essays to 
his credit, the versatile 
Vidal's celebrity is based 
upon his political and social 
journalism. Of himself, Vidal 
has said, "I am at heart a 
propagandist,. a tremendous 
hater, a tIresome nag, 
complacently positive Ahat 
there is no human problem 
which could not be solved if 
people would simply do as I 
sa}'." . 

Tickets for Gore Vidal are 
$2 for UCSD students, $3 for 
UCSD faculty, staff and 
other students, and $4 for the 
general public. They may be 
purchased at Tlcketron 
outlets and the UEO box 
office in the Student Center. 

\ \ ~\" 

Monday, February 2, 1981 The Guardian 13 

Lou Reed: R & R gro\Vth 
course, the real story of Lou 
Reed is amply explained by 
the mus ic itself. 

The first though which 
comes to mind after hearin~ 
Side One (the Velvets songs) 
is how boldly experimental 
Reed's early work sounds 
today, 14 years after it was 
first released . The jagged, 
often threatening feel of 
songs like "Waiting For The 
Man" and "I Heard Her Call 

The Velvets, though, form 
only the opening chapters of 
Rock and Roll Diary. After 
their demise, Reed sought to 
find a new voice and musical 
approach, more accessible 
but still faithful to his vision. 
"Walk On The Wild Side" (a 
song about transvesticism 
that was his only radio hit) 
and "Coney Island Baby" (a 
nostalgic narrative about a 
New York childhood) stand 
out here. Other tracks ("The 
Kids," "Temporary Thing") 
are less moving and more 
craftsmanlike, but work well 
as storytelling. The most 
recent songs included mark 
the dramatic changes in both 
Reed 's songwriting and his 
own life. "Street Hassle" 
harkens back to the Velvets, 
brooding and tense. "How Do 
You Speak ToAn Angel" and 
"So Alone" describe a 
different world, one where 
Reed seeks a "normal" love 
relationship and freedom 
from the devils which 
haunted him for so long. 

- BY BARRY ALFONSO 
Special to the Guardian 

Roell And Roll Diary 
1967-1980 - Lou Reed 
(Arista) 

From the book jacket-like 
photo of Reed on its cover to 

the selection and presenta· 
tion of its songs, everything 
about Rock And Roll Diary 
suggests that its listeners are 
supposed to approach it with 
a thoughtful , serious 
attitude. And. considering 

Lou Reed 

Absolutely Freel 
Need help planning a trip or getting the best airfare? 

. Call us or drop by ·today. 
Wc~ heN to ~ you. 

V; IOE ORlO 
TOURS 

455-7710 
also open evenings 

and Satlldays 
conveniently located in 

La Jolla Village Square next to Bullock's Wilshire 

The $8 Precision 
Haircut 

==========:. ~==::;;;::::::== 

(Includes shampoo, ConcHtloner It cut) 
.--"" .. 

for guys and gals at 

737 I'eIIrl Sb'eet 
.. Jolla: 456-1170 
4766 Point Lorna Ave. 
rolat Lornal 11l-Ol67 

I 
r---Coapoa ----I 
I I I blow dry Included I 

with coupon. I I Long hair $2 extra 1 
I for blow dry. I 
I I 
I (coupon good 1'ton-11Iurs only) I L __________ .J 

Attention 
Revelle Students: 

Applications are now available in the 
Revelle Provost Office for 1981 Orientation 
Leaders. Pick up a referral slip from Student 

Employment for job 1311 . Applications 
are due by Friday, February 13th. 

the current leanings in pop 
toward s the lightweight 
"fun" song, this intention is 
refre s hing . Lou Reed, 
actually, is one of the few 
rock songwriters who can be 
taken s eriou s ly as a 
changing, developins talent , 
an artist worthy o~ a li tt le 
extra reflection and scrutiny. 
The evidence of this is here, 
on these four s ides of 
screeching, tender, morbid, 
romantic songs, a career 
survey that's more than just 
a sampling of product output. 

Through special arrange-
ments with a number of other 
record labels, Arista has 
gathered tracks which date 
back to the beginnings of 
Reed's tenure with the long· 
gone Velvet Underground, as 
well as samplings from his 
solo records. As much of the 
Velvets material has been 
out-of·print in this country 
for years, the LP provides a 
definite service . Also 
commendable is the ordering 
of the cuts, more or less 
arranged in chronological 
order. An overview of the 
songs is provided by 
intelligent linear notes by 
Ellen Willis, though , of 

... an artist worthy of 
a little extra reflec-
tion ... 

My Name" are undimmed. 
still conveying the anxious, 
death·courting lifestyle of the 
New York sex-and·drugs 
culture. If Reed's allusions to 
pushers, addicts and sexual 
deviants aren't as shocking 
as they once wen~, the 
immediacy of these songs is 
gripping even now. "Heroin" 
from this period remains the 
most vivid, explicit account 
of junkiedom ever to surface 
on vinyl. It's easy to 
understand why the Velvet 
Underground had so little 
commercial success in the 
'60s - and why they set an 
artistic standard for rock and 
roll few have ever matched . 

The scope of the work 
found on Rocll ANd Roll 
Diary is genuinely impres' 
sive. From the bleak to the 
optimistic, from ear'splitting 
rockers to plaintive ballads, 
these records document a 
major career. We can only 
hope there'll be another such 
collection from Reed 14 years 
hence. 

'PACIFIC STEREO 
is looking for people with outgoing personalities-people with a 
background knowledge of stereo equipment-people looking 

for a part-time sales poSition at S4.50/hr. 
Apply in person at the Pacific Ster~ Store at 4344 Convoy St., San 
Diego, at I pm on Tuesday, February 3. For further information, 

caU 279-0612. . 

On Campus: 
Basic Four ' 
Infonnati9n Systems 
Join the challenging world of computer design with Basic Four Information Systems pro-
'esslonals - and watch your projects go from Initial concept through design, develop-
ment, manufacturing and marketing. 

-We've enjoyed a 30% increase in sales over each of the past 5 years, and that mNI'IS reward-
Ing opportunities for: 

-H.rd".re Engineers 
-Software Engineers 
Watch for our ad in next week's paper announcing our On Campus Interview date: 
T...,. '*"-Y 24 

Basic Four ® 
Information Systems 
14101 New Myford Road 
Tustin , CA 92680 
EQual Opportunity Employer M I F 

SAV[ 
TH[ 

WHAlES 



14 

-..teal.ln-
•••• t 
continued from pa.e 7 
IA~Y 
I-narts arr &MlIllabie for Ihe Annuallklderwatrr 
Aim FetIvaI, Sarurday at 81n Ma'ldeIIille Auditorium, 
Come and ~ ttlis ~xdtlng show of ~ of ~ best 
WlI2r ~ Nlef'll£O Box oIIIce, Students 
52. SO, reg. 53. SO, Sponsored t:!t' UCSO Scuba Club 
and ~ ~ation. 
IIIO-Bladc Wcmen Act1Ieo.es and ~ Black 
SIudent U'lion present a ~ Day Program 
and Dance. ~ program wiD ncJud~ a fashion show, 
poetry rradlng and singing and dancing am. ~ 
wiH ~ a dance ilTwnedately following. In the R~11e 
CafeCeria. admission 52. 

Ledures 
MCJMMY 

, Ilnoon-Bioc:trmistlySeminar: "PhosphoIipasu2 
MechanIsm and Membra~ Role" by speaker Dr. 
fdlNard Demis, Dept, of ChemisC/y, UCSO. 2100 
BasIc Sdenc~ Bldg. , 

1V""AY 
4-ChemIc.af-~ Seminar: " IR and Raman 
Spectra and Classic.1/" t:!t' ~ak~r Dr. ~ Wilson, 
Chmistry Depa~ UCSD, 2622 ~gradJate 

Sdenc~ Bldg. 
4-SoId Sta12 ~ SemInar, Dr, C. Varma. Bell 

~, M.lrray Hil, New ~ will speak on 
\he Theory of Ihe Grcxn:l Stil12 of Mixed Valence In 
3070 USB. 

The Guardian 

4-Astrophysks/Spa~ Physics ~inar, Dr. ~ C. 
Higdol'l, Steward Observatoly, lJrWmjty of Arizona 
will ~ak on the Nature of the I~cloud Medium in 
1110 P&L 
4-CJarrnc~ ~leton. PresldMr of the lkban 
League will Iecrur~ on "Co/MllJ1lty ~ in the 
80's: What Students Should Prrpa~ ~msel\les For," 

Sponsor~ by the Third Col~ Program Board, ~Id 
In TUfl07, 

.... UDAY 
12 noon-A SpartaQJS Youth League Forum. Civil 
War in EI Salvador - Military Victory to Left-Wing 
Insurgmtsl Speaker, .Jose Silva,- Spartacus Youth 
League. In North COrRrrnc~ Room, 

4-UCSO ~ Pbeny Serle: f/!aruring Papoleto 
Melend~a in the R~11e Formal LolJ1ge. 

'THURSDAY 
II noon-Music Department Seminar, in 
Manclevill~ R«ital Hall, 
4-Biophysics ~inar, Dr. Efraim YiMn, Weizmann 
Institute 0' Sd~nce. RehoI.<>t. Israel will speak on 
Tetanus Toxin: Association with d~loping neuronal 
cell cultures, Evidence 'or ganglioside-mediated 
internalizatiori in 210S Bonner Hall. 
71"'IJO-Sex on campus: Issues and AnSlNers. 
Expert panel discussion on sexual issues, 
question/amlNer session w/audience In Uebow 
Auditorium, 2100 BSB. 

PRIOAY 
4-0rganic Chemistry Seminar: "Vinyl Ether 
I-¥rolysis: from E~thene to Prostacyclin" by Dr. 
AJ. Krestje. U'liYersity 0' Toronto, Ontario. canada. 
In TLH 104. 

. Grounds Dept. investigation 
cmldDued frona pale 1 

. The woman: Uenise 
Low~, a 25 year-old who 
was hlred ·by the university 
through aCETA-funded 
program in Julr, 1978_ 

Lowery was hired as a 
"temporary" worker, She 
has sance been laid off twice, 

which has kept her from 
attaining "career" status at 
Grounds. 

Lowery claims that 
Grounds Superintendant 
Roger Smith had led her to 
believe that she would 
become a career employee. "I 
trained ot~r workers who 

SKI THr; 
HIGH 

COUNTRY 

attained career status as 
groundskeepers," she adds. 

Lowery was laid off the 
third time for "budgetary 
reasons," she says. This 
time, thou~h, she approached 
CSEA, whIch intends to file a 
formal grievance with the 

please tum to pale 16 

Monday. February 2, 1981 

No more coddling-
diagnose own cold 

New health center program 
8 Y ADELE HIGGINS 

No more coddling you people who want to see a doctor at the 
health center because of the sniffles. A "Self-Help Cold Clinic." 
where students can go and decide the treatment of their own 
colds, has been opened there. 

The clinic, which opened on Jan. 30, is designed to help 
students treat their own "common co1ds" instead of waiting·to 
consult with a nurse or a physician, The clinic aims to help 
people take care of themselves when their virus is not serious. 

The clinic is composed of seven stations. The first station is 
an introduction and offers the patient the choice of trying the 
self-care method or seeking professional help. 

If the person decides to usethe self·help method , hegoeson to 
the second station, which screens the symptoms and tells the 
patient if he Should go immediately to a doctor or nurse, At the 
third st.ation, the student takes his or her own temperatures. 

If it is 101 degiess, the patient can continue, If not, he or she 
is'told to get expert help, The fourth stop instructs the patient 
to check his or her throat, and the fifth provides general 
information about treatment of the common cold, The sixth 
station lists a selection of over·the·counter medications and 
their specific usages, The seventh provides general 
information about cold viruses. 

Susan Daniels, in her first year as health educator here at 
UCSD, developed the self· help idea at UCLA, UCSB also has a 
cold clinic, 

Over $700 million dollars are spent on over· the-counter cold 
remedies, Daniel!i says,_many of which do not provide any cure. 

She believes that buying habits can be modified so that 
people purchase the right medicines for their particular 
symptoms. 

Reduce rhetoric 
continued from page 2 
gence only irritates Whites, 
creating racism where none 
existed before, 

In short, this is a request 
for Mouet and others like-him 

to think before speaking, It 
would be nice to take them 
seriously, but under current 
conditions that 's simply 
impossible. 

R~I'ph Rainwater Jr. 

RIde the Coors Sbuttle to Big Bear. The Dan 
McKirmey Company, your Coors dJsbibutor, Is ' 
sponsoring a day trip to -Goldmlne In Big Bear next 
Saturday, february 14, 
for $25, . you can relax with your friends on 
luxurious coach ~ust.S, ski all day at Big Bear, win 
fclbulous door prizes and, of course, drink free Coors 
Beer on the ride horne, 

UCSD has a 
,DENTAL GROUP 

at' the Student Health Center 
with Student Rates! 

TIle bus leaves from UCSD It 5:30 am on the 
14111, retuniDg .ut 8:00 pm. TIckets are 
....... oa campus tJma your Coors campus . 
repramtatJre: caD 481-9411 ud uk for "Ike , 
...... 

SO kick off your 5~, put up .your feet and eqjoy 
some beer OR us after skiing the High Country .. , 
with Coorsl 

1'k:kets c:an be 
purdlased at tile 
PlIddIe of .. air 
(1'101'1), thB Plonday tbru rrlday, february 
2-6 from 2 to 4 pm. rlrst mme, ftrst serve. 
Refunds wiD be available If the bip is . 
canceDed due to Iac:k of snow. 

~--------~edo-'--------~ 
,. 

~'-

EXAMINATIONS 
and -

DENTAL WORK 
and Hygienists are 

aooilable for cleaning teeth 
• 

. . 

MONDA Y thru. FRIDAY 
8:00 am ·to 4:00 pm 
phone: 452'2080 

.' 

We can do work for spouses, too! 

,. " 

• 

... 

How long has it been-since you've seen a 
DENTIST? 

Monday, February 2,1981 

Classifieds 
announcements 
You can be a Warren oriertotion leaderl 
Apply nowl Get 0 job refwal from 
student employment first then an 
application PilCket at the W(I'ren prCMlSt 
office. Deadline, Thurs. 2/19. (2/ 12) 
Ski Ski Ski • Ride the Coors Shuttle to Big 
Bear, Valentines Day Feb, 14. The SflCMI 
shortage is gone, and the beer is free! See 
our ad on the oppos~e page. (2/2) 
Kiss Ma BeU good-b)<el (.,Ulong distance 
for ~ of bell's already d iscount rates. For 
brochure call 296-3389. ( 2/2) 
Jobs on Shipsl American. Foreign. No 
experience required. Exc ellent pay. 
Worldwide tm.'el . Summer job or clll'eer. 
Send $3.00 for information. SENA)(, 
DeIX. 11-7 Bo)( 2049, Post Angeles, 
Washington 98362. (2/5) 
Has this place got you dOVvTl? Need to 
get ~ from it ell? Fi nd out how you ClIO 
ESCAPE I (,,11 Die! I nfo at 452-4636 and MI< 
for tape "'S16. (2/19) 

Hey all ~MilChoMen out there, areyou 
doing things right? Find out by call Di~ 1 
Info at 453-4636. Ask for tape ItM 17. 
(2/19) 
Everyone welcome to attend Pep Events 
meeting Wed. Feb. 4 ~t 5,00, UEO office. 
Come tell us ...t1ich bands you would like 
to see at UCSD! (2/ 2) 
Attent ion UCSD 10IIerS. Now's ~r 
change to show your sweetheart how 
much you care. Watch out for the 
Gal~thea R<M'er sale on the plaza, Feb 9 . 
'12, lo"m • 2 pm. (2/2) 
Applications /ll'e ncMIiNaileble for spring, 
summer and fall internships in San Diego, 
Sacramento and Washington DC. Stop by 
Associeted Students Internship Office. 
(2/ 12) 
PCI'!Y Time is Mi lIer Timel Get kegs 
cheaper from )IOIJ' Miller Cempus Rep. 
Miller 532.50. Lite 533.50. lowenbrau 
$40.50. Close to campus cC>nIIenience. 
Geoff Biehl 27+2591. (2/19) 
WlIOtedl One coordinator for the 
Associeted Internship Office Sacnlmento 
Progrem. Please contact Keith Niesen lit 
x4689, (2/12) 

Resident Adviser Appl icllions for Third 
College en roN bel ng accepted. 
Application Deadline is February 13, 
1981 . 4:00 pm. For more info, contact the 
Third College Resident Dean's Off. 452· 
4340. (2/12) 
Chili Championship Pot lucid Bring in a 
pot of)lOlJ' faYorite chilil Tues. 6:30 Rec 
Gtm Conf Acorn, atter Outing Club mig. 
E'.'eIYOf1C welcome. (2/2) 

Mu ir College is now accepting 
applications from academically qualified 
students to assist with freshman 
orientation and registration during June. 

,Obtain a job referral at student 

Does your room look lik.e a library? collect 
IlJCKS instead of DUST from those old 
W<t booIcs. Call Diallnfoat45~36and 
/lSI( for ttlpe "'S10. (2/19) 
Chili champs • bring a pot of)lOU' best 
chilil Pot luck efast Tues. 6:30 Rec Gym 
Conf. Roan. EYetyone's Wdcane. (2/2) 
Valentine's Ot!y - spend it neddng with 
)IOIJ' gal at "A Touch of CIMs" midni~ 
mcMe for only 254. (2/2) ClIit Cold 
TlMkr,', Call Oiallnfollt 452-4636, and find 
out hoN you can do it. AS1. for tape 
#M16. (2/19) 

~ 'ern or IaIfem. IlJy 'em a ft~ 
from \he Galllthea ttlbIe on \he plaza Feb 
9-12, lOam - 2 pm, (2/2) 
Nud quick cash? Le¥I1 hoN you can get 
it (,,11 Die! Info at 452-4636, and l!5k for 
ttlpe "'56. (2/19) 
Undecided about )IOIJ' majo(? Come to 
\he wOl1cshop for Undeclared majors, 
Tuesday Feb. 10, 11 -1 pm. NotthConf.Am 
. Student Center, Preserud by \he four 
colleges. (2/9) 
PoWt-time job, dGy lMIiftss & deliYeIy. 
Must driYt stick. MicheillreelOS It. Rest 
call.Jemt 279-3757, T, Ttl, Sat. Sun, 11-12. 
(2/12) 
\1Il\:Iuld like to cOfUct writas on cMI 

ri~ end consunmsm, "The citizens 
Praeetive LaIgUe" 29S-7271. (2/2) 
AlII WlIlt to get ilMllwd inUCSDconcert 
prQ9:amming7 You can hIMe ~ say! COITlf; 
to L£O office Wm. Feb. 4 lit 5,00. (2/2) 
Looking for a ~ Come to \he 
workshop 'or undeclared majors . 
TuesdsyFeb, 10, 11-1 pm, NorthConf. Am 
- Student Center. Preserud by the fool' 
colleges. (2/9) 

1111 
T , • 

1134117 
• .10 11 12 13 14 

11 1. 17 1. 1t 2t 21 
1113248111711 

emplo,.ment and bring it to \he Pro\.ost's 
office 2126 H&5S. Deadline 2/13/81. 
(2/12) 
Applications en ncMIlMilllbie for spring, 
summer and filii internships in San Diego, 
SacrlImento, and Washington D.C. Stop 
by Associated Students Internship 
Office. (2/17) 
/Ve you bored? AI~d by student 
life? You llI'e? It's yolK fault, but WE can 
help. (,,11 OW IIIFO, and find out ' 'What's 
Happening on (.,mpus." Just dial 452· 
4636, and as for ttlpe "'1+2. (2/12) 
Dezed? Confused? Bureaucratic Blues got 
you doNn? 5« the ligI't. use DIAl INfO, 
UCSO's Informational Tape Library. 
General ~ Medical jInd Lesal 
information _ cI~ as )'OlJ' phone. (,,1 
452-4636. (2/12) 
C>IImeas Jobs - Summer/)'M' found. 
ElI'ope, S, Nne., ~Iia; Asia. All 
fields. 5500-$11100 monthly. Sightseeing. 
Free info. ~ IJC Box 52-CA19, Corona 
Dei MIlr, CA 92625. (5/9) 
Afraid to go out a/tv d5k? Call DIAL 
INfO, 452·4636 end ask for tllpe no. 5·1 B. 
(2/12) 
Nr. ~ hun!JY? Tirt:d of going to Muir 
Catemie only to find out Chat they're 
Krving "Seafood SurpriK," l iver 
cas5e'ok, and sauerlcnk.twith lima bmls, 
....nile CNer lit ReYetIe they had Filet 
Mignon, b*d potatoa and Chocolek 

~? Callow. INfO 452-4636, and 
~ won't be fooled 191in. (2/12) 
Friday$ too dull? Come mede a scCrt:. 
COMMUlER Broombell T earn roN 
fenning - sign up in IN: Relll:11e 
Conmll'1ity Center,(2/S) 
WhIt to do ~ bOrt:d. .. FoIIow the 
bouhcing bell. Join now! Rewlle 

~ball T e¥I1 sign-ups In the Relll:11e 
Commll'1ity Center, (2/5) 

The Guardian 

Sex on Campus: Issues & Answers, Expert 
panel discussion on sexual ISsues. ThlJ'S, 
Feb. 5, 1981, 7:3().9:):) pm, Uebow Aud. 
21 00 BSB. (2/ 5) 
Committee Against the New Right: meets 
Tuesday, February 3, 7:30 pm, Che Cafe. 
(2/ 2) 
Revelle students. Anyone Irterested In 
being on the Revelle College Bowl Team 
sogn , o in Community CerterorcaU >&519 
for more Info. (2/ 2) 

housing 
- -------- -----------

, Fem Am'mate to share 2 bdrm. apt. 
$187.50/ month and ~ utilities. Deposid 
rqd, Holly 457-4085. (,,11 nights. (2/ 5) 
Amer ican Roommate wanted for 
Japanese ESL program. (MIn room in nice 
apt. in Clairemant. Must be native 5peolker 
of English. S85/ mo. Excellent interculturl!1 
Iilling experience for right person. Some 
responsibil ities involved. 5 7H191 5. 
(2/ 2) 
Cered - walk - UCSD • Room • Bath • 
Ulundry • Sun·porch • Kit., Recreational 
Facilities · 5210 . References · 452-9552. 
(2/ 5) 
Fern. Room mate wanted. 3 bedroom 
house on Coast BM::I . Del MIlr' 1 block to 
beach. 5150/mo. 481-2185. (2/2) 
Fem. roommate needed. Shafe mastr. 
bdrm 591 /mc. $75 deposit 1 mi. from 
UCSD on Genesee. F i~place, 9/11'age, 
pool. Katie 45!>-6297. (2/5) 
Want 1 female roomate to share a room in 
Genesee Highlands condo. Responsible, 
non-smoker. Rent $107.50 mo. Total of 
!tYee 0Iher room-males. (,,11 K/lI'en fR9.-
7636 a: 45!>-1515 eves. 1'&J> (2/2) 
Non·smoking roommate needed to shCI'e 
apt. with doctoral student. (MIn room, 
bath. OceM view. Close to beaches, 

- shopping. $170 plus util, Sheny273-5266 
or 452·3220. (2/19) 
Will share nice Pt. lema TownhouKwith 
native German speaker in exchange for 
hu.y Moring and language practice plus 
l+ utilities, Prt:fa' male or female 28 or 
older with schQlarly lifestyle. (,,11 Mllria 
Dickinson, 222·9457. (2/5) 
Fern. roommlle to share fully furnished 
room in new fully fum. condo l+ mile to 
sct'ool. Washer-dr)oer, pool, jacuzzi, n0n-
smoker, $15O/mo. 455-a188. (2/2) 
Fem. roommate wanted . New 
to'Mll1OUK in UK area. Comfortable and 
marty extras. Rent 51 ):).00 plus ~lities. 
Denise lit 457-4278. (2/2) 

tor .. 
For sale: scuba geIlI'. tdnic, r~lator, BC, 
etc. (.,U 270-4454. Alb' 4:30. AS1. for LCI'IY. 
(2/5) 
Looking for a microcompum- system? 
How IIbc:M some ~? Call \he 
Student OIM1ed and operated compUter 
comPilrv for a reasonable price. Peradise 
ComJ)lUr Sy*ms, 457-2184. (2/5) 
Suzuki 1'2-50, 5375. OJtstanding motor 
scooter only 7 months new. Tuned tlMce. 
No mixing of 90S and oil. Oimb5 hills with 
ease. ("Ie ~ for info on men beneficial 

f~. 45!>-5096. ICftp trying. ( 2/2) 
Honda '1978' ex 500 Motorcycie, 3,600 
miles, xlntcond, must sell, 51,475 or best, 
calillread, 457-4298. (2/5) 
Twin size bed, with mettress, box 
springs, and metal frame. S20 at 455-
1674 ... (2/5) 

Prepare for: 

1968 MuStllng 298, rebuilt engine, new 
tires, radiator, runs great, 755-3060 
evenings. (2/ 2) 
Great deall life time membership Fem,1y 
Fitness Center Gtms. $180.00 Of best 
offer. 455-0688 ( 215 ) 
Hansson Citation Ski boots used so. times. 
Men's soze 9/9~. Retail $240, Will sell for 
5155 or offer, (,,11 452·7973. (2/ 5) 
3 p-. sid pants, ski boots, surfboards. Call 
270-4266. (2/ 9) 
For sale pooable typewriter ' 35, bOd< 
" Techn ic al Aspects of Data 
Communlcat,ons" Richard 453·6325. 
(2/ 12) 
Temls racket for sale: Bjorn Borg all wood 
Dennay, great shape, $25 Call Chris at 
273-3166 after 7 pm (2/ 2) 

wanted 
Pa1 time, electronic assembly, walking 
d,stllnce from campus, no experience 
necessary. 569·8801 . (2/ 2) 
Free'sp irited co·eds wanted for 
interesting special modeling p-oject. Exc. 
pay. 57Hl915 Iv msg. No expo reqd. 
(2/5) 
Club Meditwanean, Sailing Exped~ions' 
Needed: SPorts Instructors, Office 
Personnel, Counselors. ElI'ope, Carribean, 
Worldwidel Summer. Career. Send 55.95 
& $1 handling for Application, Openings, 
Guide to CRUlSE\I!.OAlD, 205, Box 60129, 
Sacramento, CA 95860. (2/12) 
E.Yn up to 5500 per 100 mailing our 
circulars. For information: Mercury 
Erterprise Dept. 555, 511 Ballard Dr" 
Rictmond, Kentucky 40475. (2/9) 
Wanted: Human subjects for brain_ 
experiments in the Neurosciences Dept. 
53.00/hour, male or female, over 18. call 
Jeremy at 452·3797. (2/2) 
One coordinator for the Associated 
Inremship OffICe Sacramento PrQ9:am. 
Please cortact Keith Niesen at )(4689. 
(2/17) 
Normal rlCCllttoy volunrcers needed for 
several studies at University Hospital. 
~ Compensation prCMdeCl. For 
further info - cont4ct Diane Stone at 294-
6837. (2/9) 
Resell'ch asst for ~h study needed 
poWttime for 3-4 weeI<s, beginning 2/2. 
S4/hr. (,,11 Rhoda 436-5128. (2/2), 
Summer Ratting Jobsl $1,200 - 53,6001 
Training prcwidedl Grand Canyon, 
Hewaii, Africe. Send 56.95 for 
appl iclJI:ion, information, guide to 
IMlitewater (plus free job guide to '-* 
Tahoe, CA) 205, Box 60129, Sacramento, 
CA 95860. (2/12) 

ICI'VIca 
Typire • IIqsonable, fast, accurate. 6m. 
CofM:Iot Ct \17&6015. (2/5) 
TII'n your pYenIS on to 50% sailings off 

· BdI'saireadydiscountfIIIES. Forbrochure 
· 296-3389. (2/2) 
, I'Wto Repair -Tune Ups. Reasor1IbIe retes. 
GulI'arued · Michael 456-1B79. (2/12) 

· UNWANTED HAIR rel1lCM!!d permanently 
rar campus. UI JoIIo ViIIa9t: Professional 
Center, 8950 Vilill UI Jollo DIM, Suite 
116O-C, call for appt 453-7040 (6/4) 
Typing: fMr, acCU/'llte, reasonable. (,,11 
Jane dc¥ 452·42.... E~s. 753-3766. 
(517) 
GuitM, bass, flute lessons. Inlro. lesson 

, oriy $4. 26B-0523. 

We '- a 1M .......... au...,. 
hal ... . 

La Jolla Book Shoppe 
5745 UI Jolla BI\od. 

Open 10-10 
7 days a week. 45+3054, 

15 

Typing . R~sonable rates. CI~ to 
campus. Exp. in all Unill. Requirements 
271.0383. (2/12) 
Jenrv's horne typing. Term Pilpers 
theses, diss., and rush jobs, 22!>-1«9 
(6/ 4) 
Top Dr/lllver typing service, papers 
resumes manuscripts, student rate. 4B1 
6708. (2/5) 
Typing .. .Term ~, reports, misc. IBM 
Seletric. B04 sheet. cau BEE 753-7356 
Please clip ed. (2/2) 
I'd lik.e to do typing II home. Please cal 
after 7 pm 438-1774, ClI'lsbad. (2/5) 

persona's 
Soft and Huggable • ThonIcs for kuping 
the faith . Jet'aime - yur WlI'll1 end cuddly 
(2/2) 
Happy Birthday Viadi mirll CongrlltS, you 
finally made ~ to your last )ell' of being a 

t~1 HaYe a ~ day! OIef (2/2) 
Yes Virginia, Eric 15 ilCtUilI ty nineteen 
today! Live it up Hc:>o.-e, you'll be tall and 
blonde in no time at alII (2/2) 
Oi!ve, T 51i 'MIS right. It 'MIS Jane. I lied. B 
Free. 011, ~lIo Sis you finally made \he 
papers. (2/2) 

travel 
ClEE Student Tr_1 open M.f 8:3().12:):) 
& 1 :3().4,):) in \he Student Center. CIEE 
offers, budget ftigtts, int'l student 10 
clll'ds, rail passes, tOIl'S, booIcs ir5URlnce, 
WOlle and study prO!J:am5, and much Crt: 
Phone 452.()6):). (615) 

lost and found 
Found: "'1 k.ey chelm with 2 k.eys (lugg<'Ige 
and food service k.eys) lett at 4070 USB. If 
your.; claim at 4010 USB. (2/5) 
L.ost, a rectangUlIlI' timex watch face 
without watch bands. If foII'ld, please 
call am, 453-7707. (2/5) 
Found: Slwp calculator. call & Identify 
(pm) 1·757-4949. AsIc for Stew (2/5) 
Found: Rings in Fin Aid CefUr'. Call 45!>-
0447 or )(.a38l!5k for MIIrk. (2/2) 
Found, Bicycle · identify and claim. Pete 
2n.1017. (2/5) 
L.ost, Brown felt hat on Friday the 23rd. 
ReI/IIIlI'd for )'OlJ' honest Of incur \he wrath 
of)lOlJ' satanictnajesries. 274-3406. (2/5 
Found: last quartEr, Jewish Star in 
Women's lockc:r room, Cillim at the 
Women's uae. (2/2) 
Lost on Muir cempus, Wed. the 21~ light 
brOM'I 'MlOI ..... neck _Itt!. Lett in 
classroom III 1 pm. Please retI.m fa: a 

~d, Adrian 481-6187. (2/2) 
Lost, brOVvTl tan IMIliet on 1/26 possibly 
rar !i'M. If found, cell 452-8646. (2/2) 
Lost Sih.oer Jewish Stili'. Reward. 452-
5529. (2/2) 
Lost, Black soccer cleats In brown bag 
w/socks on bleachers on west side of 
MJi( Field last Sat the 24th II noon. Please 
retum to EON,.>,. (2/2) 
Found: Calculator by Rellelle Deli. Call 
75!>-5466 and Identify. (2/2) 

MeAT. OAT • LSAT. GMAT 
GRE. GRE PSYCH. GRE BID· 
eCAT.OCAT.UAT.MAT.SAT 
"MIl I.n.m .. ECf,MO. FLEK.UQE 
Nt) -. - I~ n~'NFtB I~NLE~ 

FleXib~ Programs & Hours 
-

call t>r *tails •• 
270.6810 

For information abOut t~ o~r cmters In more 
than eo major u.s. dties and abroad, 
Call toll free: 

... c. r : , 

Join our classes now 
to prepare for 

~·'H 
MPiAN 

fOUCA TlOHAL CENTER 
TEST PREPARATION 

SPECIALISTS SINCE 1938 

800-223-1782 2180 Gamet, Pacific Beach 



16 

Sites asks 
Grounds 
• • Inquiry 

continued from pege 14 
university. 

In his letter to Sites, Li 
Mandri questioned if 
Grounds supervision was 
compiling with the affirma-
tive action goals of the 
university. Only two of the 35 
career employees in Grounds 
are women. 

Li Mandri believes that the 
alleged affirmative action 
and budgetary violations are 
related. Both, he says, reflect 
the "poor judgment of 
Grounds supervision. 

Sites does not agree. 
Disconnected Charges 

Sites argues that the two 
all~tions are "disconnec-
ted, and that the affirmative 
action charges "have been 
answered." 

"There is no evidence that 
she was led to believe she'd be 
hired for career status," Sites 

·sars. 
The allegations, he adds, 

indicate Lowery's "confu-
sion" regarding her 
employment at UCSD. 

Dave Edwards, who holds 
the recently·created man~er 
of Building and Utilities 
Operations post, says the low 
proportion of women with 
career status in Grounds 
reflects that "in general, 
women don't swarm into" 
the department. 

"Affirmative Action does 
not suggest that we fire 

. current employees to hire 
minorities or women," Sites 
says. 

Hence, Sites refuses to act 
on this all~tion. 

Reputations at Stake 
Sites also feels that he is 

"not in the position" to 
guarantee no reprisal a~~on 
on Grou nds employees gtvmg 
testimony. "I don't believe 
that any job; will be on the 
line; the university has 
protection for people in that 
kind of situation. 

"We've got to remember 
that people's, as well as a 
department's reputation is at 
stake. We must treat 
everyone fairly; both the 
accusers and the accused 
have rights ," Sites says. 

If the c harges are 
substantiated, the case will 
be referred to the District 
Attorney, according to 
French . 

However, Campus Police 
are still waiting for evidence. 
"We can't make people talk to 
us," French says. 

I.D.'5 
5 minutes is all it takes to 
make your dnver's license 

quality photo I.D. card. 
Also available: laminations, 
printing, passport photos, 
business cards, singing 
telegrams, press and 
photographer passes, 
employee I.D. cards, and 

laminations. 

Anthony's 
Photo I.Do's 

4711 CIa.remont 
Mesa 1Mt. 
177-1116. 

DIIVIC StloppIng Certer upstairs -
1 mile 'M:st of '·805 

The Guardian Monday, February 2, 1981 

Writing 
programs 
continued from page 4 

According to tht: instructors, 
grading would put too much emphsis 
upon an immediate reward ; 
"Besides," adds Houle, "something 
like that is just too personal." But, 
students' lack of motivation (the 
reason behind the Muir change in 
grading policy) is very prevalent. 

According to Sandy Witt, "it's a 
hassle to write with no initiative ... 
there's a real apathetic attitude 
towards the class. I knew of people 
who passed their papers around." In 
Neilson's view, directly linked to lack 
of student motivation and failure to 
take the class seriously is the 
university's own apathetic attitude 
toward the freshman writing 
programs and undergraduate studies 
as a whole. In her words, "writing is 
at the bottom of the heap here, 
especially the type of writing done in 
lOA." 

Because of this low priority, the 
program lacks clout, resulting in the 
failure to acquire badly needed TAs. 

Desired changes for the program 
again revolve around lowering the 
TAistudent ratio and extending the 
sequence an additional quarter. But 

. as one Warren student said, "two 
quarters are fine. Don't prolong a 
good thing." 

• 
DAVID L WOLPER ' 

___ p-esents . 

"!I,LlDim 
(USA, 1971) by Mel Stuart, atarring 
Gene Wilder. 98 minutee. 

An unlikely film for Quaker Oats to produce, 
Willy Wonka is a grand slam against T. V., 
gluttony, greed, cheating, you-name·it. A 
cautionary tale about Charlie Buckett, and 
several other delightful children who find a 
golden in a candy bar and win a tour through 
Wonka's mysterious chocolate factory as well 
as a lifetime supply of chocolate. There's a 
catch, of course. 

• 

I 

"bedazzled" :/' 
(Britain, 1968) by Sta.ley DODen, 
etarring Peter Cook, Dudley Moore 
and Haquel Welch. 107 minutea. 

A hilarious and stylish twist on Faust. Stanley 
Moon is a fry-cook at Wimpey's. He's madly in 
love with a waitress (who's completely 
indifferent to him), decides he has nothing to 
live fO'r and goes home to hang himself. Enter 
George Spigott (the devil), who trades seven 
wishes for Moon's soul. Naturally, none of the 
wishes work out - the nun sequence is the best 
of all. The magic words are "Julie Andrews" 
and up I bththth". Raquel Welch plays Lust. 

plus Tlte UnIJe'ieva'Jle 8uge 0/ 
Ma'acapalacapoo and Uttle Nemo. 

February 3, Tuesday, 7:00 pm 
TLH 107, $1.75 

UEO Box Office, 452-4559 
preaented by Univereity Event. 

; 


