
The UCSD Guardian 
University of California, San Diego/ Volume 44, Number 4 / Monday, September 28, 19tH 

Inside: -Sit-in arre tees in court -Linus Pauling visits -Women's voU yball triumph -Mick Jagger' appeal 



2 

The UCSD Guardian 

Opinion 
[ 'IISiKlIlli ('di/o/'illl" /,('/11"1',,1'11//111' o/JillioJ/S '" /III' ('(Ii/orill/ hOllrd 01 IIII' 

[ 'L'SI) (;//11 /'d ill II . Til(' edilorilll hO(lrli is I '('/I'/' .lIorll ' liS, ' II, N(lildy /1 ill (( lid 
U"II S//lIil'llll .• 111 ollie/' IIrlic/es 1111 Illis jJllj.f" (II'(' ""/1'/.1' II/(' O/Jillilll/ "f /Ill' 
II 'rileI'. 11m/ dll 11111 II ('f'( 'S.WI ri/y l'l'pr('s('If1 /II£' ('icII'" II) T/Il' l ' (.'')'j) (;11(1 I'd illll, 
il.' I'tiilori(ll hOllrd. 01' ils lI"I 'I' rlisl'rs. 

Diablo's success 
The protest at the Diablo Canyon nuclear power 

plant is winding down to it . conclusion. By now, the 
prote ·ters are leavi ng their camp in San Luis Obispo 
not with a bang, but with a whimper. Their attempts 
to halt the plant's operation must properly be termed 
a failure. 

But can we call the entire prote t a failure? 
Certainly not. During the past two weeks, the eyes of 
the world have been focused on the activities of the 
group of surporters of the Abalone Alliance, the 
organizers 0 the Diablo Canyon blockade. Through 
the extensive coverage given the planned blockade by 
the TV and print medIa , the Abalone Alliance has 
been able to obtain a lot of attention for the anti-
nuclear movement, and clear up a lot of 
misconceptions about the views of the group. 

Whether or not one supports or disagrees with their 
views on nuclear power, one cannot help but have 
some re peet for the protesters. By making the trek to 
Diablo Canyon and participating in the blockade, the 
prote ·ters have demon trated American democracy 
at its mo·t oersonallevel - mass participation in thp. 
decision-making process. The most basic freedom 
guaranteed by the Constitution is the right to 
assemble and express one's views. The Diablo 
protesters showed the courage to stand up for what 
they believe in, risking arrest in the process. 

It is hard to determine whether the blockade's 
organizers ever really believed that the protest would 
be a ·uccess. But by attempting the blockade, the 
Alliance won a battle for the First Amendment, and 
more than likely opened many closed eyes to the 
dangers involved with nuclear power. 

The statewide and national press has focused its 
energies on the failures of the attempted blockade. 
They seemed to have missed the success of that 
attempt. 

Write! 

We want 10 hear from you! Please submit your 
letters or articles for The Bottom Line to the Opinion 
Editor, UCSD Guardian, B-016, All submissions 
should be typed on a 72-space line. and forwarded to 
the above address, 

Letter to the Editor 

The UCSDGuardian Monday, September 28, 1981 

Oliphant 

Glen and Shearer 

America's own Mick Jagger 
What's a 38·year·old man 

doing strutting across a stage 
in sk intight pants and blue 
mascara, as backup guitarists 
blare away nearby? 

MickJagger'sjust livingthe 
American dream. 

That's why Mr. Rolling 
Stone is ure to generate more 
intere!>t and excitement 
among Americans under 40 
than did the entire 1980 
presidential campaign as his 
band launches its 1981 US 
tour. 

MickJagger is what millions 
of Americans, from tennis star 
John McEnroe to television 
personality Jane Pauley, have 
secretly wanted to be: a rock 
star. After almost 20 years in 
the spotlight, he ha managed 
to maintain his youth, sex 
appeal and financial success, 
the life that most of us dream 
about . 

Of course, Jagger and the 
Rollin~ Stones are special in 
today s world of music. 
They've remained steadily 
popular since the early 1960s, 
have stayed together and keep 
churning out hit ongs. 

While uper-hot but 'horter-
lived groups can sellout a 
national tour once, the Stones 
can guarantee full houses 
whenever they want. After 
mere rumors of a false Stones 
warm-up concert hit Boston 
last week, 4,000 fans turned 
out for the non-existent ticket 
sale. When the angry mob 
marched to city hall, even 
Mayor Kevin White fe lt 
slighted and made an all-out 
effort to book the Stones at the 
last minute. 

The Stones' drawing power 

sti ll lies in the authenticity 
and blatant sexuality of their 
lead singer. For many, Jagger 
i the real thing. 

Anyone who's ever been to a 
Stone ' concert can attest to 
this, Onstage, ringleader 
Jagger is part stripper and part 
magician, 

His macho hipthrusts areas 
unmistakably American as is 
his self-evident profile. Jagger 
twists the notion of male sex 
appeal, and regularly applies 
lipstick to his face, intriguing 
men as often as luring women. 
When he makes love to a 
microphone stand, everybody 
screams for him. 

This may not sound like 
every father 's idea of the 
American dream. But the 
quintessential showman is 
also the consummate 
businessman . While Jagger 
may appear as flaky as Peter 
Pan onstage, he continually 
notes whether spotlights are 
in place or if prop are 
functioning. If there are bugs 
in thesystem, he's the first one 
to scream at stagehands 
during intermission. 

After each concert date, 
Jagger asks hi manager for 
details on receipts and the 
names of spendt hrift 
"roadies." He's an admirable 
character who's made his 
millions and hasn't suffered a 
coronary. 

Most fans still believe that 
Jagger hasn't "sold out to the 
establishment." They admire 
any man in his late 30s who 
admits to adu ltery, wears 
tennis shoes to fancy 
restaurants and insults your 
mother with tasteless record 

album covers. Jagger is living 
proof that in some fields you 
can do what you want and still 
make it. 

After almost two decade in 
the international spotlight, 
there's every reason to believe 
Jagger could go on like this 
forever. We may grow older, 
but he won't. What more could 
a man want? 

Not surpr isingly, a lot of 
American cities are up et that 
Jagger and his colleagues 
a ren 't coming their way 
during the upcoming fall tour. 
Philadelphia, Buffalo and 
Boulder, Colo., are a few of the 
fortunate towns to have them. 
And then there's Rockford, Ill. 
The Stones agreed to play 
there aft er receiving a petition 
signed by 35,000 residents. 

"They're coming to reward 
the music lovers," Dallas Cole, 
a Rockford radio director told 
the Chicago Tribune "not to 
'ell tickets, They're just very 
impressed that a city of this 
size wou ld and could generate 
this much excitement." 

Of course, what symbolizes 
t he American dream for one 
generation often sends a bolt of 
fear through an older set. 
Indeed, many Americans may 
never understand rock and 
roll. 

But as Jagger and the Stones 
begin their tour of the states, 
they deserve three cheers from 
music lovers of a ll ages, 

The relatively mature man 
strutting so suggestively 
onstage is hard to argue with. 
After all, doing what you like 
most and making money at it 
is what the American dream is 
a ll about. 

Observations at the AS Council meeting 
Editor: 

Any ob'>erll'r .. I I Ill' AS 
meeting of Wl'dnl''>cl;ll I1lghl . 
Sept. 2:1. "hould r tnd I I l·it" \ 10 
und r'-land hO\I "'lIril (In 
augusl body rll\t1d 11111\ l' 10 
deny t he right 01 Ir(,l' ", p"l'ch to 
KSDT un(Il'r 1<11'11111 '" pn·tl·n· 
ses. 

Superman I~,'ggll' \\' tllt'lllh 
and t he Righi lIonlll ;Iilll' !'<lm 
G rber slx'nl n .. II'''''' I h;1l1 I II 0 
hours deb;]t ing P<llllolllll'l1lal ~ 
procedure. Sll])o,'nnan I<l'ggil' 
William " Inllll llll' d I hI' 
a""t'mbh Iha l \ l,dl>I1, , I 

Joseph CI)or", g;1 I " 1111;1111'1<1 I 
donation.., to Ihl' Ilt-n l;lgl' 
Foundalion , ;In In ... IIIIII ,' 
analagou" 10 1111' ./0111 1 I :ll'rl1 
So(·iety. SU]le!'Ill<l11 I<, 'ggll' 

William~ ~aid I h;11 II Iflll'rl' 
going to bri ng l 0' 1/< lin 
cam pus you t1l igh I ;(... II ('II 
bring Ihe KI\K . 

AS Pre"'ldl'n I .lillI'" Bilglll'l'l" 
sal and II itll'hl,d ;111 I hh III 
noble silenl'l' I>rl'a~lng "nil' til 
deliver a rllllpll' Il''''"llanl 
Sl che:-. AI",,, . II II ;1'" r\l'l'Id('d 
to remml' \'1,,,111' pI . ~ltlrh 
rrom 11ll' \I \,,!' <I II III I ":'iJ,,"ll 

Ihree AS 1lll'llllJ,' r", 10 
im'c!-'Iigall' Ihl' radII' ... lall/ll1. 
and, II henell'l Ihl'l Inl,'1 Il'n'd. 
10 smpend I hI' b< 1;( \\ ... 01 I h(' 
AS Con:-lillil Illn . 

Do \'ou 11'11:-1 ;1 II till I 1\ ho 
consid ' rs ... Udl I ;II'II'd .IIHI 
r'nowned Inl('IIt,,' I'" a ... 
Thoma~ ~1I11 ('II. I·. II)'!I' n, ' 
McC<lrlh~· . Cl'lIl'gl' (;lldl 'l . ;lIld 
Ernest I'an (it'n I hi).! . all III 
whom arl'connecll,1 1\1111 I Ill' 
Ilerilage Foundal ion I'l l h, 'r ;1" 
edilorial hoard 1ll('llllJ"I" III ;('> 
l' 0 n I I' i h II I " I' ... I fl I 11\ ' II 
pubhca llflll .... " John Bil l hI' !" · 

Do you Clln :- Idel' l (X)l'''' 10 ht, 
synonymou" II II h I IlL' I\I\K: 

])0 YOll I hi n" I ha I the :\ lUI I' 
l{epreSCnlal il'l''' ~hll\l ~I rulenl 
emol ionali !-'Ill III' Inforlll('d 
!'>cnse in I'l'mll\' in\! :--Jl'~l ll' 
producI" frllm I hl';\1 ;11 r d()rrn ~. 
when in 19n Ilw l 'nltcd 

ation s I'roll'in .\ cl\·i"ur\· 
(; roll P MI P]lor\ cd hit h~ fllrnllr!;1 
bctng hrought 10 11ll' Third 
',Vorkl, and I h;\1 "'1111 '(' I h"l 
I illll' I he Wllrld II l'it II h 
Organi~alil,n h;I"c1IIIlI ' <I "1\lcI~ 
:-ho"lng 111,11 11I;llkl' l ln,L.: 
Il\'hnlqlle' h;I\,' ''III, ·. 11 ;1 111 , 

d i reel er feet on <t " ol1la n . s 
' hoice to usc rlll'mula? 
Morl'\'er. does il nul make 
sense that ir hab\' formula is 
unal'ililable , I hl' oj>t ion'> lefl 10 
Third World I"omen unahle III 
brea!-'\ ' feed hL'C;llI~l' Ill' 
malnutrit ion IIr di~ea:-l' will lx' 
harreness? 

Who do YOll reHII~' think i" 
more irreslxm:-ihle: KSI>T , for 
intcrI'iewing Tom Mel/gel'. Ill' 
the ASS, fllr making it r(HII of 
it selr? 

lI aJ'l-Y (rod,l' t' 
Prcsid l' n l , l (SIJ Y!lun g 

Ih'IHlhlil'all~ 

The UC D Guardian 
Lisa Sullivan , Assoc. News Ed~tor Ne\Vs Page 3 September 28, 1981 
Trial of Tolbert protestors delayed 

34 arrested last June after sit-in at Chancellor Atkinson's office 
B y PAUL FARWELL 

Staff Writer 
The legal battle wages on for 

the 34 students arrested last 
spring for staging a protest sit· 
in in the office of Chancellor 
Richard Atkinson, 

At a hearing Friday in the 
an Diego Municipal Court· 

house, the university proposed 
a compromise: it would drop 
al\ charges in return for 
placing all 34 protestors on 
administrative probat'ion and 
waive their right to st!e the 
univer ity for false arre t. 

The group of 34 students 
refused the offer. 

''The offer they're making 
now is not attractive by any 
means," said Reggie Williams, 
commissioner of student 
welfare, and one of tho e 
arre ted in the protest last 
June. 

''' Probation' has to be more 
clearly defined," Williams 
said. "Undefined probation 
could be too restrictive and too 
much to t he advantage of the 
administration if they wish to 
hara s us in any way." 

" I wouldn't go for a 
compromise," added co· 
defendant Basem Harb, "I 
went into the Chancellor's 
office knowing what I was 
doing was right." . 

The terms of the probation 
would read in part: "Violation 
of any condition of the 
probation or violation of the 
university policies or campus 
regulations during the period 
of probation may be cause for 
further disciplinary action, 
normally in the form of 
suspen ion or dismis al." 

In other words, administra· 

tive probation would allow the 
university to expel a student 
for disturbing the peace, 
cheating on a test, or elling 
illicit drugs. 

According to Reggie 
Williams, some of the 34 
students would not object to 
administrative probation . 

"Some people (who sat-in on 
Atkinson in hi s office) 
don't care if they go on 
administrative probation . 
Other students are playing 
ome sort of leadership role in 

the organizations around 
campu . (The latter) doesn 't 
want to be in the position to be 

Handicapped bus 
gets rolling 

By DEBBIE HARDIN 
It is difficult to navigate from the state allocated for 

the steep and turning paths disabled students. UCSD 
of UCSD by foot - not to receives $465 for each 
mention in a wheelchair or on st udent registered at 
crutches. Speeding bicycles Di abled Student Services, 
and runaway skateboard located in the Student 
may be merely an annoyance Center. More than 100 
to ambulatory students, but student are expected to 
those hazards can be truly regi ter this year. 
dangerous to disabled Student driver are 
students making their way employed by the Office of 
across campus. So, last week, DSS, and will be working 
the D is a hi ed Stu den t Monday through Friday from 
Services office began 8 a,m. to 4 p.m. .. 
operating a small electric bus Rob C Ie r iss e, DDS 
that can accomodate the coordinator, said that 
transportation needs of students wishing to use the 
temporarily and perma· service should contact the 
nently disabled students. DSS office by Thursday at 

The long, blue mini-bus is noon with their schedule of 
battery powered and will classes for the following 
carry up to five passengers, week. DSS can then provice 
including those in wheel- on·campus priority transpor-
chairs. tation, 

The cart cost over $6,000 On call transportation 
and was paid for with funds , ervice is provided on the 

THE $1550* 
SOFA 

• I 

• LOW MONTHLY RENTAL PAYMENTS 
• 48-72 HOUR DELIVERY 
• 100% OPTION TO BUY 
• WIDE SELECTION OF STYLES AND FABRICS 
• 10% STUDENT DISCOUNT 

·Per Month , minimum rental requirements apply. 
• • ••• STUDENT DISCOUNT COUPON •••••••••••• 

com. 
Furniture 
Rental 

Oceonllde 
1719 Downs SI 

.39 ·07 11 

• 10°/0 OFF ON FURNITURE RENTAL: Ie WITH THIS COUPON • 
L,m.t One Coupon pe' Studenl • Good Ih,u Ocl 1981 • 

• 
• Son Diego Son Dlego/Kearnv Meso • 

6195 Unlvo's!ty Ave 4646 Convoy 51 • 
582· 2981 292·6057 

Moo 08 Tue Sol OSJOp'" • 
• COR' . ett, .enta l ..... m 'urnlture at 61 57 Unlver.1ty Ave. / 216·5914 • 

••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

on probation . I don't want to 
be in that position," Williams 
said. 

As for other compromise, 
Williams said, "Per onally I 
could go for not suing the 
univer ' ity for fal e arre t in 
return for the dropping of all 
charges. " 

"It's difficult dealing with 
an attorney ince we've been 
away all su mmer, " Williams 
said. "This i the first time 
we've been together as a 
group. We've been having 
meetings. Usually it' been 17 
to 20 people, not the 30 as we 

please turn to page 5 

ervices minibus is di played. 

ba is of availability. Service 
will continue until the 
student cancels it. Clerisse 
estimates approximately 35 
trips will be made a day, once 
the program is recognized . 

Interested student should 
contact Laura Chipps, 
administrative as istant 
office 105 in the Student 
Center or by calling 

exten ion 4382. 

Other special equipment 
available to di abled tudent 
include talking calculators, 
cassette recorders and 
powered wheelchairs . Tht., 
things and more will be on 
di play this Fridav from 10 
a.m. to 4 p.m. at the DDS 
Open Hou e. 

BiOlogy, chemistry, math, science, liberal arts -
whatever your senior major, ask Peace Corps former 
volunteer Dennis Ferguson about two-year 
assignments in 60 overseas countries Today and 
tomorrow from 9:30 - 3:30 at the Revelle Plaza booth 
on the Revelle campus. 



~~~~ ~li'iXi'~·J'~ 
We Develop 8r PrInt 
Your 110, 126 8r 135 

Color Film In Just 
ONE HOUR. 

Come in for your free 8" by 10" 
with processing) lJ.. 

7523 Fay Avenue, La Jolla, 
459-0696 

(next to Sa1eway Parking Lot.) 

SCURI GRANT SfRVICfS AVAIlABLE fOR 
UNDfRGRADUATES 

Interested in receiving funding for that research 
project? If so, The Student Center for Undergraduate 
Research and Innovation (SCURI ) would like to 
announce that Workshops on proposal writing and grant 
applications will be held for Mini-Grant consideration 
during the fall quarter. 1981. These workshops are 
mandatory for those seeking SCU RI grants. 

To apply for a Student Research Grant your project must 
be: 

• of an academic nature. 
• sponsored by a UCSD faculty Member (which we can 

help you locate). 
• and individually initiated (grants are not awarded for 

required course work). 

Scheduled Workshop Days/Times, fall Quarter : 

Week I rhur~day Sept. 24 
Week 2 Tuesday Sept. 29 

2 \\ edne day Sept. 30 

7:00 p.m. 
7:00 p.m. 
7:00 p.m. 

Applications are due Wee" 2. friday November 2. 

Please ca ll our office (4S 2- }9 17 ) or stop by. We are 
located on the 2nd floor of the Student Center. 

MUIR COMMUTLRS.? ? 
I'll try again. Would you like to 
participate in your experience? 
The Muir program board would 
very much like to include you in 
our crusade to abolish boredom 
at our fair college. As I told you 
before, we are very dedicated 
derelicts, with no good intention 
whatever. Please come to M. D.M. 
and sign the Muir commuter 
roster, so we may keep you 
informed of the goings on. With 
or without you, we're getting 
loose this yearl With liberty and 
ice teas (long island style) forall! 

La te r .. "" 

TI1<' lTS U Guardian 

HEY YOU! -
Pacific Stereo is looking for 

experienced part-time sales people. 

Interviews will be held Wednesday, 
September 30, 2:00 pm at our 

Rosecrans location. 

Call 299-9420 for more information. 

PLEA • • • • 
a lJlI 

-

PRE-LAW 
EDUCATION ASSOCIATION 

I ntroductory Meeting 
All Invited 

Tuesday, September 29 
North Conference Room 

4:30 p.m. 

Guest Speakers 
Refreshments 

PI,..lotl~.ft· te~~ 
1wohands~' 

- Rodnev Dange~leld 

"Irs almost Criminal how people go lor my Pilot Flnetlner. Why? Its 
fine point wriles through carbons. And Pilot charges only 79t ror II, 
People get their honds on it and lorgellfs my pen, 
I got ng pen. And no respect! 

People go nuts over my Pilot Rozor 
Point too. It wrlles wilh on extro 
fine line, Its metal collar helps 
keeP me point IrOm 
going squish. 
For only 89' they 
should buy Iheir _ 
own pen- and show 
some respect lor my property." 

J 

available at the 

BOOKSTORE 

Che 
opens 
today 

The Che Cafe. a l 'CSD 
I oasis. is reopening today . 

Located in the eucalyptus 

I 
grove 'iout heast of Revelle 
Prol'ost. Che Cafe di 'hes up 

I fresh ly prepared. lJ:holesome 
food: wt'ekday~ from 10:30 
a.m. to 2 p.m. The chets are 
start 109 off the sem .. on \\'11 h a 
delicious array of soups. 
salad .. sandwIches and juices, 
teas and coffee. 

Whi le t his starting menu 
has staffers mouths wateri ng, 
they are even more excited by 
the "growth potential" at the 
Cafe. 

"The range of possibilities 
here is really exciting," said 
one staffer. "We're all set up 
for serving great food and the 
layout of the cafe is perfect for 
everything from hanging-out 
and relaxing to setting up an 
art show, having bands , 
speakers and happenings. We 
plan on opening for dinner 
within the next week or so and 
from there on anything can, 
and will . happen. 

"I think the fact that the 
Che is run collectively by 
workers and students is an 
important part of its being a 
s tudent ' place ." she ·aid . 
Stud ent s who work a s 
members are right there 
helping create t he place 0 it is 
tuned to w hat students want. 
The cafe participates in the 
inter-co-op benefits system. 
Two hours work a week earns 
student s discounts at all 
UCSD co-ops. 

"We bring new meaning to 
'Equal Opportunity Employ-
ment '! Come to the woods and 
ee what's brewing at Che !" 
he said . 

The UCSD 
Guardian 

llllfl't' Iful. B·(} 16 
La Jlll b L:\ 9:!(1!l:: 

1·:dit<,n,lIllt·partmt'nt· 
71 11 1:i2:l t()l' 

IlhpLII ilnd lIa"~lflt'd 
.\(1\ l'rr hI nt.!' 

I , I I t:i2:) Hi!) 
I'I·I! Ikl \1 

1', I) J 'IO ll : 1'. I'f \lnrllll""'!1 
\s-..OU " ' E \'1'\\ -.. l'U t rOil . 

I I ~"I" "' O PI :\IO:\ l' lll-
r0 111 \1. EIIITOIl: :, I"ri I' 

.... I' 0 tl l" I· J) II .. K : , I I' I 
I·' • n \IIT~ 11)11 ()I!: 

I, ,rir. ,." I ,n E'\:l I Ell l-
lOll: d' I ,I> I Ulll () II 
I \I ·lIt "I " ~. -"-" 1.1 \I-..()\ : 

I,· I.IlI -" '1 HI- \\IlIlFII: 
II .• 1 

\ I~' I 
P li O rO( .II .\ t' II), Ell ll OII: 
'1111"" Il.,' It·, 'iT.\ 1'1' 1'1I, )fO-

( .II \ I'll Ell : It'nnl ~ "hln'''11 
I' IWf){,l'IIO:X 

IIE ,\I) TYPESETTER : \ ',, 1 
\1r\lu",," TYPESETTERS: !Ji",,1 
i-'.lk nmnn . Shenh'n 110\ Inti 

B t ' ~ I ~I':"S 
GENERAL M ,\ AGER: lhn, 

~hlk ASSISTANT GENE R<\L 
i\lANAGEII : Lind" I..,,, " . IIECEP-
TlONIST: Maro" Clt-ar\' 

l i n . l'l"ll (.1 A~DI ' " lIuhh- h"d 
;'t. l11ndil\" ilnd I hur .. (I.I\ .. durlll!>: I hI' 
d~,ldl'1II 1i,' \t'il r Ih ... Iudtnl" II ' I hl' ( ' 01 \ l""'!' 
tl' L.lh(Uf",;! . :"Ian 1)1 ( ')"'1' Ht.'I}rndudlon flf U't' 

\~lIh""1 1lt.·t f1JI ..... I~'n of ~n~ ''')f''1I1I1l u( thl'" 
nl'\"l'ajlt'r I' 'drlt"lh IJrllhlbl't>d \lut 
Il"'I)I.n,rhh.' 1111 lIl' .. uIRllt-.:1 nhlrtu'trIlJI " Ilf 
.1ft 'I h., I 'l:-'U ('U,II"cltotn 'Ul):o.lllht ... In I ht· 
hdd Nl'\\" ~t'r' tn' , I tnn er ... ;tl Fl' ililln.' ... 
"'i'nrltt';Ut' :lnd Ih" I':tllfll Nt·" .... ''It'f\!\( 

OHIl!' 10( ·\I .. n In tht· lufh't-' H UI 
~ 1111 1l"jl .. 1 of 1 h i' Hl'H'II, ' Pro" ... , ... Ofh" , 
hdllnd Iht llu .. tt"r I 'ndl·r..:r.uluillt· 
1111I1IIiI",'I\ ... , I .I I)f"";ln 

(II Hll' lIot W"",, \lulVti l\ thruuj.(h hltlil\ II 
,I III 10". jll1I 

\1\11 .... ' U .... l KIPI 111,' :--' :...111 'A' IjU,II It"' 
Vol. 44, No.4 
Sept. 28. 1981 

Monday, September 28. 1981 
DOONESBURV 

't The Catholic 
I) Community 

u c Upcoming Student s 0 Events 
Today, Monday Sept: 285:30 p.m. 
Student Dinner at Church Lounge 
Tuesday, Sept. 29, 9:00-10:00 p.m, 

Bible Study at Church Lounge 
Thursday. Oct. 1. 7:00 p.m. 

Social Action Meeting: 
Church Lounge 

University Lutheran Church 
9595 La Jolla Shores Drive 
Rev. Phil Cunningham and 

Rev. Frank Sobatte of the Paulist 

Get out from under-
enroll In 

Fathers 

Infonnation and 
Academic Libraries 

a course designed to teach you strategies for 
dOing library research faster and better 

Contemporary Issues 50 
Fall Quarter, 1981 

Section A Section fj. 
Tuesday & Thursdoy, 10-10,50 am 
Celllral Unrvers.ty llbril/Y (QJL) 

Room 263, Cut. 

MOnday & WtdneSd.>y. 9-9 50 om 
_ Clu.ter Und<rgrlldu&e Llbril/Y 

Room 2100. HL BUIlding 
In>truet", Mere Gtttelsohn I nstructor Dr Robe" C Weott "",n 

Contemporary luucs 50 (a two-unlt COUI'IC) II 
of'mcd Fall, WInter end Spring Quarter 

each year. 

1'-, _________ · __ ._ . ., 1,_ .. '-' .. 

The UCSD Guardian 5 
by Garry Trudeau 

Trial delayed 
CHl1ti . llI< ·tl I, "III paj.(~:~ 
had (at Friday's hear ing). So 
it 's not always certain how the 
other (defendant')} felt about a 
(com promise). 

"It's difficult for the 
attorney to work. since he's 
(deal ing with) 34 students. It's 
hard for him to under tand 
what each individual wan ts," 
Williams said. 

The Judge a t Friday's 
hearing suggested that each of 
the 34 protesters be fined $100 
and have the prosecuter drop 
the charges of failure to 
dis purse and trespass ing. 
Clifton Blevins, the defending 
attorney in the case, offered 
for the students to pay a 
reduced fine of $25. No 
compromise was reached . 

The sit-in on June 2 w as in 
protest of the lack of Third 
World studies, and of the 
Hi tory Depart ment's recom-
mendation to fi re Emory J. 
Tolbert, professor of Black 
Studies. 

Professor Tolbert was 
finally denied tenure thi 
summer, but recently he saId 
that he plans to ue the 

university for discrimination. 
"Atr thi5 point." Tolbert saId, 
"I'm. tilllooktngat thedraft of 
the files themselves." 

How much effect the tenure 
protest protest had on the 
Univer ity. Tolbert \\as 
un\\ illing to comment about. 

Tolbert '" status With the 
history department still 
remain's "terminated ". 

"Just like t he sit-ins in 1978 
over day care, (the Tolbert) sit-
in defin itely had an effect," 
Reggie Williams said . "They 
(t he protes tors) fee l some 
sense of pride in what they've 
done. They ' re happy bu t 
they' re not jumping for joy 
about having to come here (to 
the courthouse in downtown 
San Diego) every two weeks." 

Another hearing date over 
the s it-in case has been set for 
Octo ber 16. A trial date will be 
made on the hearing date. 

Until then, "there i~ still 
opportunity for people on both 

~ides to get together and come 
up with some sort of 
compromi e without going 
through a trial." Williams 
said. 

Explore NCR's 
world of 
San Diego 
opportunities 

On-campus 
Interviews: 
Thursday 
Oct. 8th 

The Challenges 
You 'l! be Involved In a broad range of 
stimula t ing softwa re prOlec ts rang ing 
from In terac tive O pera ting Sys tems to 
Sys tem A rchi tec ture and H igh-level 
La ng uages /Com pil er s 
You 'll len d su ppor t to w orld Wide 
marketi ng organiza tio ns In Ihe proposal 
and technical program management of 
comp lex systems fo r maJor cus tomers 
The Environment 
You w ill be working III a state-of-the-
ar t en viron men t . ce nt ered around 
research , deSign and developmen t 
challenges 
You 'l! live and work near the Ideal set-
tlllg of San Diego o ffertng year- round 
ou tdoor recre at io n al . cu lt ural and 

educational opportunities 
The SCriPPS Ranch faCility IS modern In 
deSign . With a stimulating atmosphere 
where high VISibility and advancement 
go hand In hand 
learn more by scheduling an ON 
CAMPUS INTERVIEW through your 
placement Of/Ice or by writing: Mr_ 
Doug Sjoberg . NCR Corporation . 
Dept. UCSD, 9900 Old Grove Road, 
San Diego. CA 92131 . 

Complete Computer Systems 
An EqUAl Opportun,ly Employer 



111e Weekly Calendar 
lectures/discussions 

'THURSDAY 
7pIII - latin )llneria Lecture Series (1st of 4/. Osvaldo 
Sabino, exiled Argentinian writer will be this week's guest 
speaker. Toplc: "Argentina 1976 - Present: Political 
PefspectIves. Admission is free to this ~nt held at the 
International Center. 

SUNDAY 
11I1 s.n - Mr. Ernie Mort, Dean of Academic Affairs at 
RM!IIe College, will speak on "Some Tips for Academic 
Survival." Eve'}Qne is welcome to attend at the lounge of 
University Lutheran Church. across the street from the Urey 
Hall parking lot, 959S La JoJla Shores Drive. 

services/workshops 

MONDAY-PRIDAY 
............ - Q..\SIS \XhitJng Center oWers free seMcefor 
all UCSD students IM10 need pre-writing help, conferences 
on drafts, and ~ acMce. ~ engage arfj kind of IM'iting 
and arfj kind of witlng problem. Conferences are Of 
ctppOIntment only. call 452-2284 or come Of 4010 USB to 
make an appoInrment. ........ -Grammar Moses Hotline: A 
granmar hot/ine phone-ln service for heip with diction, 
granmar and punctuation problems. To reach Grammar 
Moses, call 452-2284 between the hours of 9 and 4 pm, 
Monday - Friday. Sponsored Of OASIS Writing Center. Service 
.,.-ailab/e throughout the quarter. Free. 

MONDAY 
OASIS Third Place is now open for tutoring. Come Of the 
office for the schedule. 
9-lo.m - Reading and Reasoning Po.lNer I Class. This mini-
course is designed to improve comprehension and reading 
recall It covers graph reading, paragraph structure and data 
relatIOnships. You can bring }<lur textbooks and Improve your 
reading recall on your ovvn aSSignments. Meet at USB 40/0. 
Class Will meet Mondays and Wednesdays at the same time 
from Sept. 28 co Octover 14. Sponsored Of OASIS Second 
Story. 
9-, OIIm - Revelle HumanltiesAssignment Brainstorm. Small 
group class for Revelle students enrolled In Humanities 
Sequence 12A. Cox. Preparation for writing directed at your 
particular assignment. Class meets in 4070 USB at the same 
time every week throughout the quarter. Sponsored Of the 
OASIS \M'lting Center. No appointment necessary, just drop 
Of· 
l1-IZnoon - Pre-Interview Orientation: If you're 
interested in participating in on-campu interviewing thiS fall , 
}OU must attend one of these Orientations before you 
interview. Free, in the R~lIe Informal lDunge. 
Hpm - Ouick appointments: for more individual attention 
sign up for a 15 minute appointment with the engineering 
and pt¥ical sciences acMsor for help in career planning and 
job hunting. Free, at HL 1058, Career Planning and 
Placement. 

TUESDAY 
9:30.1 I..,. - Informal adviSing sessions with the 
mordinator for engineering and physical sciences career 
acMsing and placement. For help in career planning andjob 
I'l.Inting see Maxine Bailey at the career center. No 
appointments necessary. Please call to confirm open hours 
are being held, HL 1058, x37SO. 
l1..,.-U,JOpm - Oasis Third P/<Ice presents "How To 
Manage Your Time." At Oasis Third Place. 
11..,.-1 :ZIJOpm - Textbook reading for recalllMlrkshop. 
How many times should )-Ou read a chapter7 This IMlrkshop 
shows you how to read once and transfer tedious hours into 
productive learning sessions. Bring your textt>ooks and learn 
how to apply these learning efficiency techniques to your 
courses. Meet at Third Place located at Third College across 
from the Munch Box. Sponsored Of Oasis Second Story. 
U - Ipm - Pre-Interview Orientation: if you are interested In 
participating in on-campus Interviewing this fall, you must 
attend one of these orientations in the Revelle Informal 
Lounge before you inteMew. 
:Z-Jpm - Oulck appointments : for more IndMdual 
attention, sign up for a IS minute appointment with the . 
engineering and pt¥ical sciences acMsor for information on 
career planning and job hunting, as well as Grad school 
acmisslons. Hl 1058. 

:Z-Ipm - Quick appointments: for more IndMdual attention 
sign up for a 1 5 mi~ appointment with the humanities and 
social sciences acMsor for more information on employment 
opportunities, grad schol admissions, etc. HL 1058, 
2-1.1C1pm - Law/M8A Sdlool quIck appointments: for a IS 
minute IndivIdual appointment w ith the pre-
law/management a<Msor, sign up no earlier than one day In 
aCMlrla at career Plaming & PlacerTll!l1t Hl 1058. 

2-4pIIt - Do )OU need help in preparing for job interviews? 
Some tips on the best ways 10 preser1t your qualifications and 
IMlat kind of inteMew questions to expect. attend the .Job 
Inter\llewlng Workshop at the R~11e College Informal 
Lounge. No sign-ups are necessary. 
....... - Informal ~ing sessionS with the coordinators 
for Biological and ~aItt1 Sdences Adlllsory Program. For help 
in ~ pfaming, job t't.Inting and professional school 
preparation see Ellen Moran or Beth Gex. No appointrner1ts 
are necessary. Please call to confirm open hours are IJejng 
held. Hl 1058. 

MDN.SDAY 
n-12noon - Revelle HumanitJes Assigrment Brainstorm: 
small group class for RM!11e students enrolled in Humanities 
sequence lOA. Mosshammer. Preparation for writing directed 
at }Our particular assignment. Class meets in 4070 USB at the 
same tJme M!ry week throughout the quarter. Sponsored by 
the Oasis Writing Center. ~ appontment necessary 
:z. .... - Pre-Interview orientation: if}Ou are interested in 
on-campus interviewing this fall ,you must attend one of 
these orientations before you interview. Revelle Informal 
loonge. 
:z.J.__ - l[1formal advising sessions with the 
coordinators for Biological and Health Sdences Advisory 
Prcqam. For help in career pfaming. job J-untlng and 
professional school preparation, see Ellen Moran or Beth 
Gex. I\,k) appointments are necessary. Please caU to connrm 
open hcus are IJejng held. HllOS8. 
".. - H.E.LP. Orientation - interested students may 
~ ItlIs meeting sponsored Of volunteer services at the 
UCSD Medical Center and sign up for wlunteer 'M)rk this 
qlJal1Jel'. Here's your chance to 'M)rX in a variety of medical 
spedaIty areas at the hospital. In BSS 2100. 

'THURSDAY 
10-1 I ....... - "Ouick Appointments": for more Individual 
attentJon slgn up lor a 15 minute appointment with the 
rumanlties and social sciences acMsor for InformatJon on 
employment opportunities, grad school admissions, etc. HL 
1058. 
10011:JOiIm - MB.P./Law Sdlool acMsing dro~in hours: 
for any questions concerrung the application process for MB.P. 
programs, see the pre-law/management acMsor on dn 
Informal basis. No apponltments necessary, but call first and 
confirm that open hours are being held HL 1058, x3750 

n -'2noon - Pre-Interview orientation If }<lu are 
Interested in partiCipating in on-campus intervlf'Wlng (/'Iis fall. 
)-Ou must attend one of these onentatlons I" ttle Revelle 
Informal lDunge before you interview 
I-2:30pm - Time Management Workshop . Time 
Management IS life management! The choices select 
determine how much we achieve, and how satisfying our 
days are. Thl51Mlrkshop Will show you how to take control of 
yuour life, plan successful study sessions and get through the 
qJarter without the cramming frenzy. Meet at the South 
Conference Room in Bldg B at the Student Center (Behind 
Walk's Place/ dOwnstairs. Sponsored by Oasis Second Story. 

H:3Opm - "Ouick Appointments"· 1 5 minute private 
awointments available during this time with Ellen Moran, 
Coordinator of the Biological and Health Sciences Advisory 
Program. Appointment must be made Of phoning 452-3750 
or in person no earlier than one day in advance. In HL 1058. 

FRIDAY 
9:30010:3011m - Informal advising sessions with the 
coordinators for Biological and Helath Sdences Advisory 
Program. Rlr help in career planning, job hunting and 
professional school preparation, see Ellen Moran or Beth 
Gex. No appointments are necessary. Please call to confirm 
open hours are being held. In HL 1058. 

10-1 "Jo.m - Q../ick appointments: for more indMdual 
attention sign up for a 15 minute appoIntment with the 
Humanities and Social Sdences acMsor for InfOf'mation on 
employment opportunities, grad school admissions, etc. HL 
1058. 
12-lpm - Pre-Interview Orientation: If you are intl'rested in 
participating in on-campu interviewing this fall, you must 
attend one of these orientations In the Revelle Informal 
lounge before }Ou interview. 

entertainment 

mURSDAY 
Ipm - A TRAVEUNG JEWISH THEATER presents "Coming 
from A Great Distance," a l'M:>-man show that is a highly 
theatrical retelling of the legend of the Baal Shem Tov. 
Presented Of the UCSD drama Dept .. the /.A based troupe 
perform a terrifically fun~ and expressive worIc that is a 
dramatic fusion of old beliefs and tales enhanced Of the use of 
life-sized ~, masks and music based on the life of the 
Baal Shem TeN, or "Master of the Good Name," Israel Ben 
Sarah. founder of the Hasidic rnovernent. Admission Is 56 for 
the public. 53.SO for students. The performance will be held In 
Mandeville Ava.; tickets are .,.-affable at the Drama ticket 
oflice. 

PRlDAY 
U noon - Super Won Ton sale. Taste some real Chinese 
food. 3 br SO cents. R~11e Plaza. 
7p111-Rlm: "~artsand Minds," an academy award winner 
for best documentary. A searing look at the American Military 
and political consciousness that led to US involvement in 
Vietnan. Sponsored Of Committee for World Democracy and 
Third World Studies. Free in TlH 107. 
Itpm -A TRAVEUNG JEWISH THEATRE presents "Coming 
From A Great Distance," a tv.o-man show that is a highly 
theatrical retelling of the legend of the Baal Shem Tov. 
Presented by the UCSD Drama Dept., the LA based troupe 
perform a terrifically funny and expressive work that is a 
dramatic fusion of old beliefs and tales emanced by the use of 
life-sized puppets, masks, and music based on the life of the 
Baal Shem TeN, or "Master of the Good Name, " Israel Ben 
Sarah, founder of the Hasidic movement. 56 general 
admission, 53.50 students, Mandeville Auditorium. 

sports 

MONDAY 
.5pM - Ultimate Frisbee: 'The all in one sport. Rnd out 
more at the Ultimate Frisbee Club meeting at 3 pm at Third 
College Reid. 
4-""" - Vault into the new year, come to the ~StiC5 
club meeting on the Souttl Balc~. 
• 7p111- Begiming}09a every Monday 9/2&11/16, 5-7pm 
In the adaptive room. 
6-apm - The radically Inclined Ski Club IrMtes you to attend 
their first meeting at 6pm In HL 1438. 
6-8pm - Are you tired of rock skiing lillhen the snow melts 7 
Or nylng to keep in top form year round7 Well, get Into 
grass .. .skiing. Learn more about this unique sport at the Grass 
Ski Club meeting at 6pm at Hl1438. 
6-9pm - Beginning and intermediate jazz dance classes are 
taking sign ups for fall classes. Beginning jazz dance meets 
Mondays 6-7:30pm and intermediate jazz dance meets 
Mondays 7:30-9pm. Both classes meet in the North Balcony 
6:1507:15 - There are still seSSIOns open for the 
condltlonlng/aeroolcs ClilSS. Session 1/-9/29, T&Th, 5-6pm. 
Outback Cafe. Session V-9/29, T&Th, 6-7pm, North Balcony. 
Session VI1-9/29, T&Th. 1210-11'50, OutOack Cafe. Session 
VIII-9/28. M&W, 615-7'15pm, Outback Cafe Session IX-
10/3. Sat, 8:30-9:3oam. Rec Cont Rm. 

a-IOpm - COnr get rubbed the wrong way. come to the 
Massage Club meeting .It 8pm In the wrestling room. 

TUESDAY 
4-5pm - Archt'ry Clubs first organizational meeting in the 
Rec Conf Room I 
506pm - Come to Judo Club's first meeting, all levels 
lNeicome, at the wrestling room. 
Wpm - Tired of running around on the temls court7 
Experience the speed and excitement of racquetball. Come to 
the Racquetball Club meeting and meet other players in Rec 
Conf Rooms 1 & 3. 

506pm - W~ wait for spring to get your body into summer 
conditIon? Come to the Body Building Club's meeting for 
further Information in Rec Conf Room I. 
5:45-6.15 - I'v:Jv beg-int }09a classes every Wednesday 
9/29-11/17 from 5:45-6:15 in the adaptive room. 
6:3009pm - Feeling confined, want to get out into the wild 
frontler7 Come to the outing club meeting and see slides of 
past adventures at USB 2622. 
7-'Pm - Rec Club: the club with something for eve'}Qne. 
come see lillhat we haIie to offer at HL 1438. 

WEDNESDAY 
5-6pm - Join in on the fun, IMlrk your way up the ladder, 
come to the tennis club meeting at 5pm in Rec Conf Rooms 2 
& 3. 
5-6pm - Toss, catCh, toss, catch ... sound like fun" Learn 
how to juggle or just improve )-Our skills. Rnd out more at the 
Juggling Club meeting at 5pm on the Rec Conf Room lawn. 
507pm - Women's self defense class meets every 
Wechesday 9/30-11/25 from 5-7pm in the adaptive room. 
6-'Pm - Beginning and intermediate jazz dance classes are 
taking sign ups for fall classes. Beginning jazz dance meets 
Wednesdays 6-7:30 and intermediate at 7:30-9pm In the 
North Balcony. 
7-epm - Enjoy the surf, rome ro the Surf Club meeting and 
learn about upcoming ~nts and competitJon, in the Rec 
Conf Rm. 
.'Opm - Explore the depths of the ocean, meet with other 
sea cleucers at the Scuba/Sea Deucers Club meeting In the 
Rec Conf Rm. 

tHURSDAY 
4pIR - Men's water polo vs Grossmont College at the 
Miramar Naval IVr Station Pool, free. 

please turn to page 17 

Science The UCSD Guardian Tom Urbach, Science Editor 

Darwin God 

The Age of Rocks and the Rock of Ages 
BY NATHANIEL WANDER 

Anyhow, Scopes told the little boys and 
girls that the origin of life was in the slime 
and ooze of the sea; that life developed 
from a germ, and gradually grew and 
changed until it reached the various forms 
of the life of today. For this he was 
indicted for the crime of teaching truth. 

(Clarence Darrow, The Story of My Life) 
On the 1st of March, a NY Times headline trumpeted: 

"'Creationists' Gather to Try Toppling Darwin's Pedestal. In a 
California Court, Echoe ' of the Scopes Trial Will Resound 
Tomorrow." The State could teach evolution and evolution 
alone providing that "the Darwinian theory of evolution be 
offered as theory. not do~ma" (NY Times, 7. March). 

Despite the "Echoes.' the California trial was a bust. 
Adjudicated on narrow technical ground that left both sides 
claiming victory. it neatly side tepped all the central issue, 
such as: What does evolutionary theory claim - "Apeman 
Theory" indeed! - and what doe it really mean to call it a 
theory ? In what ways are science and religion actually related to 
each other? What are the pero~atives and the limits of the 
State's P,Ower to educate its citizenry? How free is the "free 
exerci e' of religion and what do these issues have todo with the 
Constitution's First, Fourteenth and Eighteenth (Prohibition) 
Amendments? 

I believe that our Heavenly Father 
invented man because he was 
disappointed in the monkey. I believe 
that ... the human being is another 
disappointment, and that he is no 
considerable improvement on the 
monkey. 

(Mark Twain. Mark Twain in Erruption) 
Neither Darwin nor any other scientist ever declared that 

human beings descended from either apes or monkey . What is 
claimed is that the direct ancestors of modern primates -
humans, apes, monkeys and prosimians - began diverging from 
a common ancestor between fifty and twenty· fi ve million yearf> 
ago, the ancestors of the New World monkey at the outset of 
that period and the ancestors of the Old World monkeys by its 
close. The fossil record for the next ten million years s hows clear 
evidence that the ance trallines of ape and humans were also 
separating. Long before apes became apes or human beings 
human , the two groUPb had begun to follow their own paths . 
Every modern primate species is the product of million of year 
of independent development and , while call ing our earliest 
ancestors "ape·men" may make for colorful metaphor, it abo 
make ' for gro s mi under tanding, 

Nor did Darwin invent the concept of evolution. Evolutionary 
ideas were widely discussed in the nineteenth century , not only 
in biology but in sociology, pohtical science and moral philosophy 
as wei\' nique to Darwin' . formulation was that it · motive 
for ce was external to the organism yet st ill part of the natural 
world, an interaction dependent upon neither the will of the 
individual nor divine plan. For Darwin. evolution was local. 
contingent and powered by change. 

A · it is taught today. the Darwinian theory hinge ' on three 
proces es: varia/ion. seleclion and the (Ollsen'alioll of successflll 
varia/i01I through descent. Darwin cou ld ea 'ily observe the 
variations of con titution and behavior between member. of a 
species even though the mechanics of var iation onl y became 
known with the discoverie of genetics. That some var iant · 
hould be more suited for survival in aparlicular environment 

was also deducible from the world of nature, and human beings 
had long "experimented" with election through the 
domestication of plants and animals. (Thu , The On'gil1 of Spe· 
cies begins with a disquisition, not on the ob ervations of the 
naturalist, but on the domestic breeding of pigeons .) While the 
conservation of succe sful variation wa inferrable from 
surviving species as well as foss ils, the explanation of its 

please turn to page 9 

Every Saturday is student discount day 
at the Fine Art Store-with a valid 

student 10 you get a 20% markdown on any 
purchase! (excluding custom framing , furniture 
and a few net items) Use your 10 on weekdays, 

too, for a 10% discount-either way you're 
sure to save! Come in and see!! 

Page 7 
September 28, 1981 

Atomic 
Power 
Plants 

By THOMAS URBACH 
"Seventeen seconds left, 

Fouts is back to pass, sees 
Joiner in the end zone. he 
throws ... " C LICK . the 
television goes off. The music 
tops playing; t he popcorn 

stops popping. It is dark and 
very quiet. A black · out. 
Eventually the power is 
restored and life resumes, but 
a little uneasiness remains. 
We are reminded how 
dependent we have become on . 
elect rici ty , 

Electric energy or electricity 
as we use it does not exist in 
nature. It is produced by man, 
or more accurately converted 
from other forms of energy in 
huge power plants. Power 
plants are basically similar, 
differing primarily in the kind 
of fuel they use to produce 
electricity. 

At the heart of a power plant 
is a turbogenerator. As its 
name implies the turbegenera· 
tor con ist of a turbine and a 
generator . A turbine is 
essentially a highly refined 
water wheel. Flu ids are 
pumped past blade connected 
to a s haft , cau ing the shaft to 
pin, A generator u e the 

mechanical energy of the 
spi nn ing haft to create 
electrical energy. 

The fluid usually u ed to 
spin the tur bine is team. 
Water i boiled into steam and 
piped t hrough the turbine. On 
the far side of the turbine the 
steam is cooled. It condenses 
back into water and is pumped 
back to be boiled . This steam 
cycle is a closed ystem in 
which the same water is 
repeatedly boiled and 
condensed. 

The turbogenerator and 
steam cycle are the basic 
components of power plants. 
Different types of plant use 

please turn to page 9 



• < 

The World 's 
foremost 

Hypnotist 

Dr. Michael 
DEAN, Ph.D. 

Wednesday Scptem ber 30 9:00 p,m, 

Revelle Careteria $1.00 general admission 

Tickets avai labl at the UCSO Box Office and at the Door 

This is not a lecture but a very en tertaining show, 

SmIle and "!JOY euery AS Program! I This show produced dnd direcled b!J rlre 
~5OCi.red lUden l Programming CommISSIon 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 

Women's Self Defense Class will be given 
through the Recreation Dept It will meet 
Wednesdays at 5:00 j:. m. Call the Rec. 
Dept., ex. 4037 to sign up. Classes begin 
Sept 30, and are free. 

The Academic Affairs Commission wi" 
deal with educational policies on campus 
and programs associated with curriculum. 
Current projects are the lecture note 
series and the B.S./BA issue. Applications 
will be taken at the ASUCSD office located 
at the Student Center or contact Henry M. 
Chu, Commissioner of Academic Affairs. 

Student Organizations have until 
October 15 to re-reglster. Registration 
forms are available in the Student 
Organizations Office, Student Center, 

weekd~ys for 8 to 4:30. Budget requests 
are due October 1. You must be a 
registered organization to make a budget 
request. 

Special OlympJa Volunteer Program-
Introductory meeting with a film and 

inform~tion. We need your help. All 
majors and backgrounds wanted. 
Thursday, October 1, 7 - 9 pm, US8 2622. 

If you are interested in volunteer work 
with the elderly providi ng hair care service 
for convalescent patients, please phone 
Roosevelt Brown, 263-2678. 

The UCSD Guardian 

The ASUCSD Bulletin is published e~ch 
Monday in the Guardian. Interested 
students should submit copy by noon, 
Thursday, at the AS. Offices, B-023. 

POSITIONS 
A" AS. Committees are now being filled. 

Interested students should contact 
Wende" Leonard, A.S . offices . 
Applications will be available Monday, 
September 28 in a" campus libraries, 
EDNA, the AS. office and the Bookstore. 
AS. representatives are needed for the 
following committees: 
'. Bookstore Advisory Committee 
I. Campus Planning Committee 
'.Affirmative Action Committee/ 
Executive Sub Committee 
•• Committee on University Community 
Planning (CUCP) 
'. Elections Bo~rd 
'. Housing Committee of the Campus 
University Community Plan (CUCP) 
,.Media Policy Committee 
'.Program Review Committee (PRC) 
-PRC Subcommittee on Capital Outlay 
and Space 
,.PRC Subcommittee on Budget Program 
Priorities 
'.PRC Subcommittee on Institutional Self-
Study and Evaluation 
I.Chance"or's Committee on Campus 
Growth 
,.Interco"egiate Athletic Advisory Board 
,.Chance"or's Advisory Committee on 
Instructional Improvement Programs 
(CACIP) 
,.Advisory Committee on Student Health 
Services 
,.Advisory Committee on Student 
Financial Services 
,.Advisory Committee on Counseling and 
Psychological Services 
,.Career Planning & Placement Advisory 
Committee 

Students who have already applied, 
please contact the A.S. office and give us 
information whereby we may contact you. 

Monday, September 28, 1981 

MEETINGS 
The Women's Resource Center is 
chl'lnging. Come by and share your 
interests at our gener~1 meetings, 
Mondays at 2:00 pm in the Women's 
Center. We need input from a" women in 
all departments, 
A.S. Council meeting 
Wednesday, Sept 30 
6:30, North Conference Room 

r,--_P ._L._E._A_. -~0lJ~~~;t=:: ~ 
Pre-Law 

Education Association 
Introductory Mccting-Alllnvltcd 
Tuesday, September 29 4:30 pm 

North Conference Room 
Guest Speakers - Refreshments 

Remember the 

Boycott! 
PI-EASt-' I)O"T Rl \ THI-.SE 
. 'I-.S I U. PROut CI S 

Taster's hoice 
Nescafe 

Nestle 's QUIK 
Nestle's Crunch 

Nestea 
I,bby, McNe,1I & L.bby products 

Soupllme 
DeCaf 

Nesllt', m,lk navormg, 
Siouffrr products 

C ro>se & Blackwell produCI S 
Maggi products 

WI" Knight Cheese 
Decr Park Mounlain pring Water 

McVilies 
Crawford products 
Provolone Locatelli 

Major Grey's Chutney 
Wispride 

Sunrise 
Beri nger Wines 

I os Hermanas Wines 
L'Oreal products 

Il=:h Nut baby foods 

Mond~y, September 28, 1981 

Age of Rocks 
CllIlliIIlW<lI, ,,' " "al(" 7 _ 
mechanics also required the discoveries of genetics. 

Most important of all. the Darwinian paradigm requires 
change for the formation of new species; the occurance of new 
variations. changes within local environments, the exchange of 
one environment for another. Thereafter, if conditions remain 
stable for some time, the successful organisms might come to 
form a new species. The process is contingent upon the chance 
association of particular variants and particular local conditions 
and by no means inevitable. Species fail entirely and become 
extinct. The first might become last and the last first, as when 
the puny mammals replaced the lordly dinosaurs. 

The UCSD Guardian 9 

CONDfi:N. EH 

Since the pu blication of Origin (1809) and of The Descent of 
Man (1871), scientists have accumulated considerable 
observational and experimental evidence confirming their 
probability: data from molecular genetics and from protein 
chemistry; data from the study of the speciation of bacteria and 
of fruit flies; data from the experimental production of organic 
compounds from inorganic ones and data from extensive new 
fossil discoveries. While these developments have supported the 
broad outlines of Darwin's theory , they have also served to 
correct it on important details and to open up new areas for 
question and debate. Far from diminishing the power of 
evolutionary theory, however, these developments and disputes 
reinforce it. The true test of scientific theory is precisely 
whether it leads to new questions, questions its propounders 
could never have even dreamed of asking, When religious 
fundamentalists point to this proces in order to cast doubt on 
science, to equate it with theology, they misrepresent the 
meanings of theory, of science, and of religion as well. 

Atomic Power Plants 

"When I use a word," Humpty Dumpty 
said in a rather scornful tone, "it means 
just what I choose it to mean - neither 
more nor less." 

" The question is," said Alice, 
"whether you can make words mean 
different things." 

"The question is," Humpty Dumpty, 
"which is to be the master - that 's alt." 
(Lewis Carrol, Through lhe Looking Glass) 

The creationi ·t disinformation strategy involves a war of 
words, Evolution is not "fact," only "theory," "C reationscience" 
is entitled to "eq ual time" with "secular science," Creat ion ists 
don't propo 'e to ball the teachingof evolution (or don 't think they 

Budget 
Air Fares 

Europe 
Amsterdam 
$310 one way 
$599 round trip 
(from San Diego) 

Frankfurt 
$446 one way 
$718 round trip 

London 
$284 one way 
$568 round trip 

South Pacific 
Sydney/ Austrailia 
$491 one way 
$982 round trip 

Asia 

please I urn to page 10 

conlin lied I, "'" I;a~e 7 
different fuels to ooil the 
water. The most common fuel 
is coal. As much as 22 million 
pounds of coal can be burned 
each day in one power plant. 
Burning (oxidation) in coal is 
the process of carbon and 
oxygen atoms combining to 
form caroon dioxide. This 
procec:;s releases energy which 
is used to ooil water for the 
steam cycle. 

Other plants use oil. These 
plants convert the chemical 
energy of the fuel into electric 
energy. 

Atomic power plants work 
differently. They do not burn 
their fuel. Nuclear fuels do not 
interact chemically as do coal 
and oil. Rather, the nuclei of 
the atomic fuel interact with 

Hong Kong 
$299 one way 
$599 round trip 
Tokyo 

Do You Need 
Financial Aid? 

$425 one way 
$765 round trip 

Also 
Eurail passes, In ter· 
national Student ID 
Cards, Insurance, 
Books, Tours and 
much more. 

Information & reservations 
CIEE 

Travel Services 
452-0630 

Open 9 am 4 pm, Man F ri 
UCSD Student Center 

Do You Want 
a Job Upon 

Graduation? 
Cali 265·4943 

to de te rmine your 
eligibility & set 

up an appointment 

ArmyROIC 
Asic for Cpl. Jim Well. 

San Diego State Univer ity 

each other in a "nuclear 
reaction." 

The usual fuel for nuclear 
reactors is the elemen t 
Uranium ·235. The nucleus of 
an atom consists of protons, 
neutrons, and energy, When a 
U·235 nucleus is struck by a 
neutron it splits. The splitting 
process, called fission, releases 
an average of 2,5 neutrons, If 
one of these neutrons hits 
another U·235 nucleus then 
more neutrons are released 
and the fission proce 
continues in a chain reaction, 
In the fission process energy is 
relea ed and thi energy is 
used to boil water in the power 
plant. 

The fi s ion process. 
however, must be controlled. 
The first atomic bomb were 

uncontrolled fission reactions, 
Controlled fission reactions 
take place in nuclear reactors. 

The components of a reactor 
are the fuel. the moderator, 
and the control rods. The fuel 
is a fissionable material 
usually a mixture of U·238 and 
U·235. About seven tenths of 
one percent of the uranium 
occuring in nature is U·235. 
For a chain reaction to take 
place, natural uranium is 
"en riched" or filtered to 
remove U·238, This brings the 
level of U·235 up to about three 
percent, which i enough to 
sustain a chain reaction , 

The neutrons relea ed in 
fission have a great deal of 
energy and their chances of 
colliding with nuclei are 

please I urn I (I page 18 

ORIENTATION MEETING 
for 1 st. year graduate students, 
Wednesday, Sept. 30, 3:30 to 6:00 p.m: in 
Conference Room 111A (across from 
OGSR, administrative complex). Meetthe 
OGSR staff (Office of Graduate Studies 
and Research). Listen to what advanced 
graduate students have to say about 
graduate life at UCSD. Ask them 
questions! Learn more about student 
services available to you on campus. 
Refreshments will be served. 

Warren College 
Student Gov't Position Open! 

The following campuswide committees and boards 
have po ' itions available : 

* Campuswid Committee on Student Conduct 
* Counseling and P 'ych ervices Advisory 

Committee 
* Hou ing and Food rvices Advisory Committee 
* Parking Advisory Committee 
* tudent Fin ancial ervices Advisory Committee 
* EOP Advisory Committee 
* tudent Center ub ommiltee on Coop and 

Enterpri 'e '. 
* Recreation Facilit ies Advisory Committee 
* Judicial Board'position open to one residence 

halls student 
* Program Board . 
* Apartment Programming Board 
* Campuswide Committee for Cultural Concern 
* Residence Halls Board 
* Media, Arts & Promot ion 
Fill out an appli ation in the Provost" Office and 
turn it in no later than 4:30 p.m . Friday , 
October 2nd, [nlerviews will be held Tuesday, 

tober 6, 



10 

Get 
out the 
lemon 

and 
salt 

and 
get 
your 
tSody 
into 

Tecate. 

Tecate 
IMPORTED 

BEER 
FROM 

MEXICO. 
a<lWoo & P>eI<.lQOO by 

URVECERIA CUAUHTEMOC . S A. 
MoolllrrlY N l Melito 
WlSI.,. U 5 ImpoM'" 

WISOO t.l It.lPOIIT SALES COt.lPANY INC . 
I,v",. Co11lomlo92714 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, September 28,1981 

Age of Rocks and the Rock oj Ages 
continued (1'0111 page 9 
can get away with it".yet) they only . insist it not be taught 
" dogmatically." 

How reasonable - on the face of it - this all sounds. If only 
the Church of Rome had been so reasonable, perhaps it wouldn' t 
have been necessary to burn Giordano Bruno in 1600: "Of course 
you can oppose dogma, Giordie. Only you mustn't do it 
dogmatically. " Perhaps it wouldn't have been necessary to ' 
humiliate and banish Galileo in 1631: " All we ask, Sr. Galilei, is 
that you teach the astronomy of Ptolomy and the Church along 
with the scientific astronomy of Copernicus. Wherefore shall a 
scientist claim to be less credulous than a Prince of Rome?" 

But because the present battle appears a verbal one, thi.s 
doesn't diminish its seriousness. The self-servingly 
manipulative use of language - remember George Orwell? - is 
an accomplice to the corruption of reason. Moreover, if this 
tortured language becomes legal precedent, its harm will be 
immeasurable. 

To begin with, theory is not the opposite ofjact. The oppos ite of 
fact is falsehood and t he antithesis of theory is absence of theory. 
(As in, "T he Lord moves in mysterious ways. ") A theory is not a 
guess, wi ld or educated, but a coherent set of explanatory 
principles from which hypotheses. testable through observation 
and experiment, can be derived. Above all, observations and 
experiments must be repeatable and repeatedly reconfirmed 
betore the scientific community even begins to be convinced. 

While facts underlie both the construction and testin~ of 
theories, they belong to an entirely distinct logical class. 
Moreover, the relationship between t heory and fact is 
sophisticated and reciprocal. "Facts do not 'speak for 
themselves'; they are read in the light of theory" (S tephen Jay 
Gould, Ever Since Darwin). So long as Europeans generally 
believed the earth to be about 6,000 years old and the human race 
no more than two thirds of that, certain dis tinctive lumps of 
minerals called eoliths, 'drawn stones,' remained just that, 
stones. When Boucher de Pert he asserted that humanity was 
considerably older, and when his arguments were set in the 
context of Lyle's geological and Darwin's biological theories, 
eoliths came to he regarded not as mere slones but as slone tools. 
What I his implies is that , what wecommonly call fact s are really 
interpretations - ot herwi e, eoliths are nOI hing more than wierd 
configurations of minerals , neither ston,es nor tools - and that. 
scientific theorie are imply a special class of devices for helping 
to make "good," that i ' , likely interpretations. 

Can there be more than one kind of science though, a secular 
cience a opposed to a creation science? Whilescierrtists may be of 

any religion or of none at all - Roman Vis hniak, a Yeshiva 
University biologist, was an Orthodox Jew and Darwin a 
Protestant Christian, a onetime missionary tudent. Pierre 
Teilhard de Chardin held a doctorate in paleontology from the 
Sortxmne while ordained as aJesuit and the phys ici t and plant 
physiologist Sir Jagdi h Chandra Bose was a devout Hindu -
science i no religion at all and the phrase "secular science" is a 
redundancy and a fraud designed to permit the construction of a 
flat contradiction in terms, the oxymorphic "creation science." 

Of what does creation science consist? Principally of attempts 
to validate the firs t chapter of Genesis (but not t he second, which 
contradicts it in major detail). Nor does the activity of creation 
scientists much re emble the observation and experiment of 
conventional scientists but rather, consists of " poring through 
the works of evolutionists in search of trivial inconsistencies, no 
matter how ancient or offbeat, that can be used to reinforce their 
admittedly preconceived ideas" (Preston Cloud, " 'Scientific 
Creation ism' - A New Inquis ition Brewing?" in Darwin A 
Norton Critical Edition ). No theory , no hypotheses, no testing, no 
refinement and, above all, no di ssent. Nothing, in fact , but the 
words of Genesis, which - their truth or falsity notwithstanding 
- is not what either science or law calls evidence, but rather, 

UCSD Science Bulletin Board 

UCSD: MATHEMATIC.s 

Sept em ber 28 

Sept em her 28 

September 29 

UCSD: PHYSICS 

September 28 

Sept em her 29 

Sept em ber 29 

Dr. John Rice: Peak area estimation. 
AP&M 7218 

Dr. Ed Bender: Ma tro ids, graphs and 
delete· contract recursiOJI. AP&M 7421 

Dr. David Lesley (SDSU): Ahlfors' 
quasiconformal reflections. AP&M 
5829-2A' 

Dr. Michael Tabor, Lalolla Institute: 
On the A nalylical Structure of 
Dynamic Systems. Mayer Hall 3405 

Dr. A.L. Cabrera, UC Berkeley : 
Methane Production from the 
Catalyzed Reaction of Graphite and 
Water at Low Temperatures. 

David Holden: Magnetically Ordered 
Phases of Solid 3He. HL 1148 
Dr. Charles Y. Fan, U of Arizona, 
High Energy Astrophysical Research 
in the People's Republic ofChi,Ul . P& L 
1110. 

hearsay. "So and so told me that Moses told him that God told 
him ... " 

"This is a Christian country. Why, 
Carnegie, so is hell •••• Hell is the only really 
prominent Christian community in any of 
the worlds." (Mark Twain to Andrew 
Carnegie, Mark Twin in Erruplion) 

To the extent that science is a particular way of knowing the 
world and a possible basis for deciding how to live in it , to that 
extent it resembles religion but the resemblence pretty much 
ends there_ The naive faith of many non-scientists in the 
absolute infallibility of science , the fact that too many scientists 
behave as if they were the priests of a mystery, these may be 
metaphorically com pared to aspects of religion, but they remain 
just that. metaphor. To mistake rhetoric for reality, "To get 
carried away by the sound of one's own voice," is a fundamental 
and all too common failure of human reason. It is what Gregory 
Bateson has eloquently termed, "eating the menu instead of the 
meal." 

This is exactly what creationists do. What irks most about it is 
that they insist we all dine on cardboard and ink_ And it' s not 
even the only metaphor in town. 

In Hindu scripture, the universe is the product of a primeval 
sacrifice. For Pueblo Indians, the first humans s prang from the 
earth like plants. According to t he Kwakiu t l ofBritish Columbia, 
each of their tribal divisions was a special creation, of the 
seagu ll , the grizzly bear, the thunderbird. The Lugbara of 
Uganda say that men , women and domestic animals were 
created by Adroa 'Spirit,' but wild animals s prang from the 
womb of t he first woman. Should Chris tian creationism be 
treated as s pecially privileged? Or, is this a Christian countr y 
after all? 

While it may be in terms of social demography , it certainly 
i n't in point of law. The First Amendment reads: "Congress 
s hall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or 
prohibiting the free exercise of thereof;" yet, in practice, neither 
of t hese clauses is as traightforward as may seem. If the State is 
prevented from making laws to further any particular religion, it 
often makes laws that further religion in general, as in allowing 
tax exemptions to religious organizations or in printing "In God 
We Trust" on coins and bills. Moreover, the courts have 
repeatedly held that the practice of religion may be limited by 
criminal statute. In 1878, Latter Day Saint were forced to 
a bandon polygamy or to leave the territory of the US . Jehova 's 
Witnesses are not free to endanger their minor children by 
refusing them access to medical treatments. Noone is permitted 
to dig up a graveyard in order to obtain a fresh corpse for tantric 
yoga rites . What it seems to amount to is this, that whi le freedom 
of conscience is not infringable, the State may intervene in the 
actual practice of religion, but only for civil, not religious 
purposes. Education is clearly among those civil purposes. 

Indeed, while creationists s helter behind the First 
Amendment' s non-establishment and free exercise clauses, they 
are closer in spirit to those who gifted us with the Eighteenth 
Amendment in 1919, and can take pride in being descended not 
from monkeys but from prohibitionists. That amendment too 
came into ex istence on a wave of fundamentali st religios ity and 
moral majoritarianism. In the years following, the local laws 
banning the teaching of evolution were part of the same wave 
and when William Jennings Bryan came out of retirement to 
prosecute John Scopes in 1925, he PI uposed to lead a national 
crusade to add an anti-evolution amendment to the Constitution 
itself. 

Today's creationism rises on a comparable tide, a tide which 
already seems to have blocked an Equal Rights Amendment and 
w hich threatens to throw up more prohibitionist flots am in the 
form of an amendment forbidding abortion . (Calling for a law to 
protect the rights of a fertilized egg before those of an adult 
woman is a logical leap worthy only of the denizens of 
Wonderland). Indeed, it seems likely that beneath the rhetoric of 
equal ti~e for creationi m a covert attempt to ban the teaching 
of evolutIOnary theory 'till pers is ts. If the courts maintain that 
you can ' t teach Genesis, and if st ate laws link the teaching of 
evolution to that of creationists, there goes evolution as well. It 
needn't even go very far for that old "chi lling effect" to begin to 
be fel t In the COrridor ' of education boards and educational 
publishers . 

Life looked straight in the eye was 
insupportable, as ever yone knew by 
ins tinct. (Thomas McGuane Ninety· Two in the 
Shade) 

Having said a ll these nasty things about creationists, I have to 
add that I sympathize with their pain if not with their program _ 
There is something fundamentally wrong with American society 
when so many of Its members teel lett out, despIsed, a lienated . 
Yet , while liberalism and scientific enlightenment for all their 
ills - and they've produ ced more than enough to go around -
make an attempt (self-servingly limit ed, to be sure), to open up 
poss ibilities, the current reaction is nothing more than an 
attempt to s hut things down. It' s more than jus t selfish, it ' s 
s piteful , "mis ry love company" raised to the level of national 
social policy. It 's a lashing ou t , not at real villians, but at the 
n ares t and t h weake~t and we s hall all su ffer for it s ave on ly, 
perhaps, the privilf'ged few who inhabit t he slop s of MOllnt 
l ha"l' \1 anhat t an and ot her Ol ym pian hl'lghh 

The UCSD GuC\.rdian S n ort s 
_Bo_b_Mc_Sp_ad_de_n,_Sp_or_ts_Ed_ito_r ______ ~ 

Page 11 
September 28, 1981 

Waterpolo splits over weekend 
Tough competition and new pool benefit reputation 

BY TIM PICKWElL 
No team takes los ing very 

easily, but in the case of 
UCSD's varsity waterpolo 
squad, in a way , losing is 
winning. Friday afternoon the 
Tritons initiated their new 
home waterhole at the 
Miramar Naval Station, but 
the home pool advantage fell 
before a powerful UC Irvine 
team, 12-8_ On Saturday, 
however, UCSD rebounded to 
massacre Claremont Men's 
College 17-4. 

The weekend put the team's 
record at 3-7-1. 

u~ 

The aquatic team at UCSD 
is in a s tate of transition. 
Under coach Denny Harper 
the Tritons are attempting to 
leave behind their reputation 
as scrappy competitors and 
become, instead', a contending 
power in the intercollegiate 
circle. 

Yet while the reputation 
grows and UCSD attracts 
better opponents, the record 
s uffers. 

" We've lost seven games 
against Top 10 teams," Harper 
says. That is why the match 
aga In st Claremont was 

important. " We needed to 
build up our confidence," says 
the second year coach . 

Harper also concedes that to 
attract NCAA notice, UCSD 
will have to compete against 
big schools (UC Irvine), and 
s how their dominance over 
schools like ClaremontlMudd. 
Irvine is an NCAA Division I 
squad, the Tritons play in 
division III. 

"We have to show we are a 
Division .One team," explains 
offensive-leader Dan Crane. 

"We have to establish a gap 
between ourselves and teams 

like this," agrees senior Kai 
Loedel. 

On Saturday the gap looked 
more like a chasm. UCSD 
outs hot the Stags 28-10 and 
thoroughly dominated play at 
both ends of the Miramar Pool. 

The Tritons, due to the 
com bined efforts of "Mouse" 
Marks , Toby Raymond and 
Loedel led 7-0 before a 
defen sive lapse allowed 
Claremont's first goal. 

Marks, with four goals, wa 
the game's high-scorer while 
Raymond and Loedel had two 
each. 

.. 

• , 

The game's outs tanding 
performer however was senior 
Crane who had four assists 
and seven steals to go with h is 
three goals. 

Fre shman star Bill 
Kazmierowicz used his great 
speed to break away for 
another three goals. 

San Diego moved the ball 
well all afternoon . Goalie Willy 
Morris proved particularly 
adept at passing to his 
breaking teammates and 
beginning the Triton counter-
attack . 

Triton waterpolo coach 
Denn y Harper gi ves 
directions to team during 
short timeout versus UC 
Irvine. UCSD go off to a slow 
s tart in the game Lut rallied 
to within t hree points 
before bowing 12-8. Irvine 
was clearly the stronger o( 
the two teams, playing out 
of the NCAA Division I 
league, while UCSD plays in 
Division III . On aturday 
the Tritons came back to 
drown Claremont, 17 -4_ 

EARN OVER $800 
A MONTH. 

AND OPEN THE DOOR 
TO ATOP 

ENGINEERING MUlE. 

See five plays for the price of 4! 

How many corporations would be willing to pay 
you over $800 a month during your junior and 
senior years just so you'd join the company after 
graduation? Under a special Navy program 
we're doing just that. It's called the Nuclear 
Propulsion Officer Candida te-College Program. 
And under it, you'll not only get great pay during 
your junior and senior years, but after 
graduation you'll receive a year of valuable grad-
uate-level training that is not available from 
any other employer. 

.....-Student Subscriptions only-...... 
$14.00 • You pay only $2.80 

per ticket. 
Call now at 452·3793 for 

descriptive brochures and 
charge-by-phone 

or visit the Department of Drama, 
Humanities-Library, Room 2550, 

* Ask about our new · ProSeries* 
Subscription deadline October 1 

If you are a junior or senior majoring in 
math, engineering or physical sciences, find out 
more today. And let your career payoff while 
still in college. 

For more information, call the Naval Man-
agement Programs Office at: 

293-6691 



12 The UCSD Guardian Monday, September 28, 1981 

Ultimate frisbee catching on 
as newest intramural sport ONE LINERS Soccer club 

The UCSD soccer club, which competes against various schools, 
clubs and groups within the San Diego County Soccer League, is 
looking for a few more players who simply enjoy the competition 
and fun of playing soccer. Anyone interested is urged to contact 
Mike Elcan at the recreation department or at x4037. 

BY LARRY GOLDMAN 
UCSD's intramural depart-

ment has made a big decision 
this fall . The question: whe-
ther or not to add another 
sport - ultimate frisbee - to 
their already crowded calen-
dar. The answer: "no question 
at all, of course we will." 

Ultimate frisbee started at 
UCSD two years ago when 
some experienced sl udent . got 
together and formed a team. 
Since then the sport has 
attracted many enthusiasts. 
The game is fast moving and 
very exciting both to play and 
to watch. One must be in good 
shape to play, and just looking 
around there are a lot of good 
shapes on campus this year. 

The sport was invented in 
1968 at Columbia High School 
in Maplewood, NJ . At that 
time the frisbee was just 
coming into its own, so the 
game caught on fa st. It 

brought some new excitement 
to the world of sports without 
competition. 

No competition? The game 
was originally designed forthe 
sole reason to move away from 
the competitive atmosphere 
surrounding sports. Ultimate 
was invented on the premiseof 
just having a good time; it 
didn 't really matter who won. 

That attitude changed a 
little in 1972 when t he first 
intercollegiate match was 
played between Rutgers and 
Princeton. Fortunately the 
idea of just having a good time 
has remained with the sport. 
The "spirit of ultimate" is the 
main reason that the game IS 
one of the fastest growing 
throughout the country . 

Last year, UCSD's team 
went to the state champion-
ships and was very com pet i· 
tive. This year the Tritons 
have hopes of becoming a 

leader in their division. 
Dedication is their key word. 

Last spring ultimate frisbee 
received a very ent husiast ic 
respon se fr om s tudent · 
athletes after being given a 
tryout on ' the intramural 
schedule. 

Intramural co-d irector Mike 
Hipp comments, "Last year 
students really showed a great 
interest in t he sport." The 1M 
department expects ultimate 
fri sbee to continue \0 grow in 
popularity as more people 
learn about the :-.port·s 
advantages, and Hipp adds. 
"The only problem we fur:-.ee 
in the future is hm'ing (·nuugh 
field space because I)f all our 
other events." 

Coed ultimate i:-. hl'ing 
offered this quarler \\ ilh the 
first team meetingtonighl.lhe 
men's and wom('n's di\·i:-.ions 
will be offered in I he "pring. 

• 

Women's volleyball 
The Triton spikers surprised everyone at the La Verne 

Invitational tournament this weekend by grabbing a third place 
from their ninth seed position. UCSD wa the only division III 
team among the top six finishers, and went 7-1 before the 
playoffs. Coach Doug Dannevik described the team's playas 
"gutsy and showing a great amount of character." Sacramento 
State finished in first place while Loyola Marymount took 
second place honors. Sidenote: UCSD beat Loyola in the semi-
finals, 15-13,2-15,15-1 but lost to the same team in the losers 
bracket . The volleyball team travels to Azusa Pacific Tuesday. a 
team the Tritons have yet to defeat. 

• 

Men's soccer 
Tied with L.A. Baptist on Saturday, I-I , in a very fast game. 

this puts the Tritons at 0-1-1 in the league and 1-2- 1 overall. 
Among others freshman Russ McCormick played an 
outstanding game for UCSD. 

Succeed Saturdays ilnd Weeknights 
P&L 1110 

UCSD in business. 
"'It's a lot easier with a Texas Instruments calculator 
designed to solve business problems." 

Touch a few ~pecial keys on these Texa~ 
Instl1Jments calculators, the TI Business 
Analyst-II' ''and The MBA"~ and lengthy 
time-value-of-money problem suddenly 
aren't lengthy anymore. You can automati-
cally calculate profit 
margins, forecast 

sale .. and earning<; and perfonn tatlstlCS. 
And pl'Oblems \\ith repetitive calculations 

are a piece of cake for the MBA, because it's 
programmable. 

The e calculator~ mean busine ,and what 
they give you is time-time to grasp W1derlying 
business concepts , while they handle the num-
ber crunching. To make it even ea ier, each 
calculator comes with a book written especially 
for it, which shows you hoI\' to make use of the 
calculatoes full pot~ntial. 

The Business Analvst-II and MBA business 
calculators from Texa~ I nstl'uments.1\v~ 
ways to 1'W1 a successful business rna- c!rS 
jot·, without I'WllIing yourself ragged. ,f!j , 
TEXAS INSTRUMENTS 

1"I (' OI{PORAILU 

.~ 

\::I U \:ou 1.::0 \.::.4\ 
loiot' lOoI'lO;j :.;;.. .... \ ~~\~\7~' \;") \ 
"'"' ~\O.ll:... ' ~---.. \ 

. 1:.:.1 ......... ' 
= ...... . l:::JU __ _ 

AA SAFE 
DRIVING 
SCHOOL 

L-___ L> Jolla _ 

454-3595 

You are Invited 
Torrey Pines 

Christian Church 
8320 La Jolla Scenic Dr. No. 

,Sunday Worsh,p:----. 
9:00 and 11:00 a.m. 
College Age Session: 
10:00 a .1n. 

Chtlrch van pick up 8:45 
a.m. and return by 11:15 
a.m. at Urey Hall Mail Box 
and Matthews Campus 
Book Store, beginning 
Sept . 20th. 

Donuts and juice every 
Sunday. 

UCSD itStUdent s, taff and Facult y-Worship with Us on Sunday!:! 
_ - at 10:00 am. A 

A brunch and 
Dr. Joseph Watson await 
you on Sept. 27,11: 15 am 
to 12: 15pm.llNIVER ITY 
LUTHERAN CHURC H, 
9595 La Jolla Shores Dri v , 
just across I he <.; t reet frnm 
Reve lle College. 

Rev. John G. Huber 
45~I·0561, 459-8855 

Monday, September 28, 1981 

V-baIlers 
continue 
USA tour 

GOLDE:'-I. COLO. - The 
Coor" I'SA \1en 's Vollt: \ hall 
team Cllnrludes Its 19 I " ea~()n 
\~ith a IO·match. l.t ·dav tour 
during [he la';\ half of Octo r 
against the Yugosl a l la 
I ational Tam. 

The t 0 u r . \\ hIe hI S 
sponsored by theAdolph Coors 
Company, will be plaved at ten 
different co llegi aie sites 
beginning with three matches 
in Montana and concluding 
with two events in California. 

The Coors/USA Men 's 
Volleyball squad will be 
playing for the Coors Cup, a 
three-foot high trophy that 
will be presented at the end of 
the tour to the winning team . 
The tour opens Oct. 16 in 
Billings, Mont. , and ends Oct. 
29 in San Diego, the training 
site for the United States 
team. I 

The tour is the third 
sponsored by Coors as the 
men's team defeated Brazil 5·4 I 
in june (3·14) and japan 3·1 for 
the Friendship Cup in Aug. (6· 
9). In other competition this 
s ummer , the Coor s / USA 
Men' squad defeated Canada 
in a s ingle-match in San Diego 
Oune 27), fini s hed second to 
Cuba in the NORCECA 
competition in Mexico Cit y, 
Mex. (July 4·9), and dropped 
five straight matches in japan 
(July 26·Aug 2). In match olay 
this summer, the Coors/ USA 
team has won 14 of 25 
decis ions. 

the Yugoslavia team placed 
'ixth in the 1980 Olympic 

games at Moscow after 
qualifyi ng for the first-time 
ever via a third·place finish 
(behind Rus ia a nd Poland) at 
the 1979 European Zone 
Championships. 

The Yugos lavians Ivpif~ ' he 
Eastern European ,[ \ 1 , f 
volleyba ll with a power 'Jttaek 
supported by exce ll e n[ 
blocking . The cou nt ry ' s 
vo ll eybal l has improved 
great ly in recent years due tna 
wea lth of good you ng player!' 
who are ext remely quick 

"We've performed \'ery well 
this season," said Doug Beal , 
head coach for t he Coors/ US A 
Men' s team . ''I'm looki ng 
forward to playing against a 
European team like Yugos la· 
via . because their style of play 
has won the gold medal at the 
las t two Olympics." 

The Coors/ USA Men '" team 
is currently practicing in San 
Diego for the tour, and Beal 
hopes for continued improve-
ment for thi s country's lop 
volleyball players. 

Triton 
Sports 
Log 

Tuescl(\\' - Women's 
vollcvb,'t11 at Azu sa 
Pacific 7 p.m. 

W dnesclay - Men's 
soccer a t Fre~ no 
Pacific College ~~::~O 
p.m. 

Thursday - Men's 
\Vat crpolo vs. Gros~­
mont C()lk'ge, Mira-
mar plJol I p.m. 

The UCSDGuardian 

Graduate ; 
, ~ engineers: 

Corporation 
offers Space 

for your ideas 
Innovative ideas are our only products. 
If you have an advanced degree in engineering, physical 
science, or computer science - and if you can contribute 
- you and your career can flourish here. 
Few companies can involve you so deeply in state-of-the-
art space systems as this nonprofit public-service com-
pany. Few have such a totally qualified technical staff 
(one in four is a PhD) for you to work with an learn from. 
Check into the career advantages at The Aerospace Cor-
poration in the beach suburb of El Segundo, California. 

Our representative will be at: 
The Student Placement Center, 
WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1981 

The Aerospace 
Corporation 

An Affinnauve A(:lJon I:.mployer,l ~ Clt1zenshlp AeqwN'd 

Ski Club 1 st. Meeting Outing C 
I 

( 
I 

7,,~ 
Cam'-L' ecreatlon 

C'l"Odrtment of 

Hiking 
Climbing 

Skiing 
Packing 

Outing Club 
Fir t M tmg and Slide Show 

Tu day, S pt mb r 29 
7: 00 pm USB 2622 

13 



14 Thc UCSD Guardian Monday, CI)lCmbcr 28, 1981 

MEDCAL SCHOOL? 

(STUDENTS fC.TIVE 

Offer 5 he a.lth prof eSSIOf\S gUidance 
aSS\st~hce W\-th applicatlons'lcom 

h')unl't~ eXf?enenc e) tutorla S In 
sCle nee classes - and peer sUPFortl 
meet 1Y}.9: 5:00pm Wed Sept 30 
p\ace: ThiRD COlLEGE CENTE~ FORlHE PEOPlE 
9uests: CH IC~NOtAS1AN MED. STUDENlS 

PUT YOUR DEGREE TO WORK. 

Whatever your degree will be, the Navy can give you a 
management position (if you qualify). You 'll get 
technical training and managerial experience. The 
Navy offers managerial positions in the following areas: 

• ELECTRONICS 
• ENGINEERING 
• INVENTORY CONTROL! PURCHASING 
• PERSONNEL ADMINISTRATION 
• SYSTEMS ANALYSIS 
All you need is a minimum of a BS/BA degree 

(summer graduates may inquire), be no more than 34 
years old, be able to pass aptitude and physical 
examinations and qualify for security clearance. (U.S. 
citizenship required .) Your benefits package includes 
30 days' earned annual vacation, medical/dental/low 
cost life insurance coverage plus other tax-free 
incentives. If you're interested in gaining managerial 
and technical responsibilities fast, call the Naval 
Management Programs Office at: 293·6691 
or send a letter to: Naval Officer Prog'ram~ 

P,O. Box 8512 
San Diego, CA 92 J ~)8 

ALI-tENTION REVEIJ·E 
STUDENTS 

Applications are now being 
accepted for positions on the 
following committees: 

Revelle Program Board 
3 openings 

Revelle College Council 
I freshman opening 

Noon Programming Board 
I freshman opening 

Faculty Programming Board 
3 openings 

Curriculum Review Committee 
3 openings 

Graduate Committee 
5 openings 

DEADLINE TO APPLY: 
Wednesday, September 30th. 
4:00 p.m. 
Pick up applications in the 
Revelle Community Center or 
the Revelle Provost Office. 

The World's 
Foremost 

Hypnotist 

,i · --~ -

Dr. Michael 
DfAN, Ph.D. 

Wednesday September 30 9:00 p,m. 

Revelle cafeteria $1.00 general admission 
Tickets available at the UCSD Box Office and at the Door 

This is not a lecture but a very entertaining show, 

Smile and enjoy every AS Program! 
This show produced and directed by the 

Associated Students Programming Commission 

The UCSD Guardian 
Andrew Keeler, Arts Editor The Arts Page 15 September 28, 1981 

The good doctor is ack 
By PEGGY lVES 

Do you blteyourfingernaiL ? 
Wai t un til the last minute to 
study for final s? or beat your 
girlfriend? Then you may need 
a visit to Revelle Cafeteria 
Wednesday night at 9 p.m. to 
see famed hypnotist Dr. 
Michael Dean in action. Bring 
one dollar admission for an 
encounter. 

Dr. Dean visited the UCSD 
campus two years ago and 
since then has produced over 
140 educational cassettes and 
made many personal appear· 
ances throughou t the San 
Diego area. He has also 
established himself in the U.C. 
Extension repertoire with an 
earlier course entitled, "How 
to Become Successful at 
Anxthing You Do." 

, [ am a teacher on stage, not 
just an entertainer," said Dr. 
Dean in a recent interview, but 
that should not discourage 
students who are wiJling to 

take a "wok bredk."' Dean, I he 
onl y h ypnot ist in show 
business with a Ph,D., begInS 
hiS seminars by hypnotizing 
everyone in his audience and 
continuing from there. 

"My whole training has 
been scientific," commented 
Dean on his approach to 
hypnotism more than 25 years 
ago, He mastered his Ph.D. in 
General Semantics at 
Northwestern Univer ity and 
has gained notoriety with his 
listing in the International 
Society of General Semantics 
under the name Dr. Sanford I. 
Berman. 

The San Diego self· made 
millionaire recommends 
hypnos:s for success motiva· 
tion, education and business 
purposes. "There is so much 
that you can do with it. 
Modern education is not using 
the mind to its fullest," the 
hypnotist stated. 

Dean maintains that once 

the mmd I.., free of distract ions 
(through hypno is), it is also 
free to accept information 
more readily, thus one 
becomes more ea ily educal ed. 

After all, Dean says, 
"Ignorance perpetuates fear!" 

The Doctor advises his 
audience to "keep an open 
mind when you come to see my 
show." Hypnosis is "not a 
taboo," and the best way to 
appreciate the experience i 
keep your mind open to 
su~estion. 

Dr. Dean starts his 19th 
season at the Gaslight Theatre 
October 8 for those interested 
in attending his further 
sessions, He will continue to 
develop the powers of the 
minds of many in the San 
Diego area with his appear· 
ance at UCSD this Wednesday 
night and other San Diego 
enegagements throughout the 
year. 

~==========~==========~ 
TORImY MfSA TRAVf:L, INC. 

fR[[ TRAVEL SERVICES 

. Ai rl ill ' l i<.l\(~ t.; 

. Cha rter.; 

full service. compu terized IIgflnciJ 

·Cruises 
·[urail 

. ki 
·Club Mcd 

. Ird\'vJi i 

. McxiLo 

Call us now to make your Holiday travel plans to ensure the best prices and nights. 

3211 Holiday Court Suite lO~ 
La Jolla (n.t to St. Germillnsl 
Monday - rTldily. 8 :30 am to ~:OO pm 452-1981 (major credit cards accepted) 

Robert Fripp scores 
another hit albuln 

By TIM AUGUST 

The League of Gentlemen 
Robert Fripp 

I Robert Fripp's career ha 
extended for more than a 
decade. His oontributions to 
King Crimson, Peter Gabriel, 
Eno and David Bowie among 
countless others have 
repeatedl y proven hiS 
virtuosity on the guitar as well 
as technical expertise in the 
studio. His pioneering use of 
effects in oonjunction with the 
guitar like tape loops and the 
sy nthesizer has long held him 
as a front-runner in the 

techn~music scene. 
The infectious beat of this 

that rock is played on "electric 
anal rctentives" by people 
with hair below their 
"keisterbangers." In fact , the 
opening dialogue where we 
find out what rock and roll is 
really about!? is almost worth 
the purchase pnce of the 
record itself. 

All and all, "The League of 
Gentlemen " (available on 
Polydor) represents a WInsome 
collection of tunes ranging 
from pop to the avant garde 
that also features fantastic 
technical efects, good 
production , as well as a 
virtuoso performance by 
f'ripp. Definitely a good buy. 

album makes for a oompletelr S h D 
likable collection of sophisti- earc ~arty 
cated rock tunes based on Brian Auger 
oomplex layers of rhythm and 
melody. SeIlrch Party represents the 

His latest band is Barry first release on Headfirst 
Andrews on organ, Kevin Records by the Brian Auger 
Wilkenson on drums (with band. While this album has 
johnny Toobad taking the several points going for it, they 
honors on two tracks) and aren't qUite enough to save 
Sara Lee on bass as well as this endeavor from falling into 
some vocals. the same mold as the cores of 

Thi s as <" emblage of worksbyotherartitsinthe 
mu ician con· . usuaJly mun· 
tribute to an dane genre of 
almos t mini - records rock fu sion. 
malist ic sound Thi" albu m 
thaI IS some· featu res tight 
w h a t r em I n I productIOn as 

~Ct'nt of the 'nl:'\\' \\ :1H'"' well as bei!lg cut from 
~ullnd The tight, nearly pOp a digital ma~ter \\ hich 
<.)ound is pre,alpnt on marl'.' ~cndl'rs II at hnlcaJl)' uperb 
ruh with a few eXCep1l0lh etf(lrt I hat ..,()und~ qUIt I" good 
\\ hlch are a fe\\ multi·\a) er on the urntable. 
tap.:- piree'> done \\ It h \ anOl!" ~1 u~lcally 'peaking hough. 
-.ourcc mhtrument". Sl'l1nh PlJrl; dben C! -. pel" ial 

The first cut , "[ndi!'creet" notice Most of the album fhe" 
effectively sets the tone for the right past WIthout leaving 
entire album. A very di 'onant much of an Impre;SlOn. A 
guitar line juxtaposed with a co\'er of Tony Newton ' "Red 
distinct rhythm not unlIke one Alert ," (bassist with The New 
you would find on a B·52' Tony W!lhams Lifetime) 
album is quite a surprise pro\'e to be one of the more 
coming from Fripp. Equally interesting pieces on the 
unusual is the second ong album. But generally, after the 
"Inductive Resonance," which high energy of the first cut. 
ha bassist Sara Lee providing "Planet Earth Calling" the 
an eerie vocal that comes rest is downhill. 
across like a Lydia Lunch or The ingle most redeeming 
Grace Jones song. value of this record is an 

The rest of the album holds amazing performance by 
as many interesting effort. Auger's new gu itar player, Ho 
But just as en¥,aging as the Young Kim . Heralded by 
mu ic are the' live" man·on· Auger a being "." the most 
the· street reviews of the amazing guitar discovery I've 
album. Besides the reviews ever made" he indeed proves to 
there are few ludicrous be a guitarist extraordinaire 
dialogues ranging from the on this album which marks hi 
societal merits of rock and roll recording debut. His olos 
to the purpose behind the stand out as the focal point of 
album. At one point, a thi work: most nnt::lhl .. on 
conversation peaks on the fact please LUrn to page 16 

Latin America Lecture Series 
ARGENTINA: 1976-1981 
POLITICAL 

PERSPECTIVES 
Featuring: 
Osva.ao Sabino 

-Argentina wrIter In exile 

Thursday 
Oct. 1 
7:00 p.m. 

InternatIonal Center 
Refreshments FREE 
Sponsored by the UCSD 

Intematlonal Club 



16 

Oct ...... 16, F ..... " Oct ...... 17, Sat .... ." Oct ...... 18, s. .... " 

The Acting Company 
The Actin!l Com.,.ny is the official touring arm of 
the John F . Kennedy Center. John Houseman founded 
the company in 1972, and it has been receiving rave 
reviews ever since. It is one of the finest touring 
companies in America, and is the only company 
dedicated specifically to the development of American 

actors. 
All perfor .... nc ... at 8 :00 p.m . 

in UCSO'. Mandeville Auditorium 
G .A, 58 ,00, UCSD Fac/Staff/St . 57.00 

Guarneri 
String Quartet 

Haydn: Quartet in D minor, Op.76, No.2 
Schubert : Quartet in A minor. Op.29 

Gneg: Quartet in G minor. Op.27 
October 25. Sunday 

Juilliard String Quartet 
January 30. Saturday 

Bartok Quartet 
March 4, Thursday 

Glinka String Quartet 
February 4. Thursday 

Beaulll Arts Trio 
March 13, Saturday 

Series ticket.: arch. $45.00, M. Floor $40.00 
Single ticket.: arch. $10.00, M. Floor $9.00 

All performance. at 8:00p.m . 
in UCSO'. Mandeville Auditorium 

Parthenon Dancers 
of Greece 

October 31, Saturday, 8:00 p.m. 

Starr Danias in 

Pavlova Celebration 
January 21 , Thursday, 8:00 p.m. 

Lar Lubovitch 
Dance Company 

January 27, Wednesday, 8:00 p.m. 

Meredith Monl{ 
February 3, Wednesday, 8:00 p.m. 

The Intimate 

p. D.Q. Bach 
February 25, Thursday, 8:00 p.m. 

Paul Taylor 
Dance Company 

March 11 & 12, Thurs. & Fri., 8:00 p .m. 

An evening with 

Dr. Jonathan Miller 
April 25, Sunday, 8:00 p . m . 

Classical pianist 

Misha Dichter 
May 6 , Thursday, 8 :00 p . m . 

presented b y UCSO'. University Events 

University Events 
Box Office 
452·4559 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, September 28, 1981 

Faye Dunaway stars as Joan Crawford (right) in the new film Mommie Dearest. 

era wford' s daughter strikes 
back in 'Motntnie Dearest' 

By ANDREW KEELER 
Arts Editor 

Famous movie star beats 
her kid . and ha ' drinking 
stuff that sells in the National 
Enquirer and it is also the 
storyline for the new movie 
Mommie Dearest. 

Based on the book by loan 
Crawford's daughter, Chris-
tina, you get to see what went 
on behind the gates of their 
Bel·Air estate. 

Faye Dunaway is the 
legendary Hollywood star loan 
Crawford who has everything 
except theonethingshewants 
the most, a child. After being 
rejected by every adoption 
agency, she has a lawyer 
friend pull some strings and 
she gets baby Christina. 

For the first few years, 
Chri tina wa the perfect 
Hollywood child; smiling for 
the camera and always being 
polite, which was wonderful 
publicity for Crawford who 
was getting on in years and 
didn't have the power she once 
had at the box office. 

She wanted to make sure 
she didn't raised a spoi led brat 
and was extremely st rict . On 
Christina's birthday she was 
allowed to keep only one gift 
and give all the others to 
charity. She had just adopted a 
boy, Christopher, at this time. 

Then the drinking problem. 
Losi ng support from MGM, 
she would come home and take 
it out on Christina. Once, 
when she found her play 
acting in front or a mirror and 
mimicking her, she blew·up 
and cut off all the child's hair. 

Shadows, an exhibit of 
paintings, performances 
and sculpture by Hanne 
Lauridsen will be presented 
today through Friday in the 
Mandeville Annex Gallery 
from 12 p.m. to 5 p.m. each 
day. 

The installation consists 
of five parts, which will all 
be on view starting 
Wednesday. A reception in 
schedu led for Thursday at 
4:30 p.m. 

Lauridsen's work pits 
nature against artificiality, 
life against death. Much of 
her multi-media work is 
autobiographical in nature , 
s he says. 

After she was told she was 
fired by MGM, she went wild 
again tearing up her garden 
with the help of the children. 
Things really got worse then. 

While Christina tries to love 
her mother, she can only do 
wrong. She is served raw meat 
at the dinner table and then 
after refusing it she is served it 
again for breakfast and lunch. 

Finally after being out of 
work for two years, Crawford 
signs a deal with Warners, and 
is on her way to a comeback. 
She wins an Academy Award 
for "Mildred Pierce" but 
remains as emotionally 
unstable as ever. 

Her constant drive for 
neatness and perfection 

• 

mOVleS 
causes her to errupt again in a 
fit of rage when she finds a 
wire clothes hanger in her 
daughter's closet. Dunaway 
plays this scene wonderfully 
as the wi ld mother who 
practically throws the girl out 
of bed and makes her clean the 
whole room because of dust 
under the bathroom sink. 

At this point you are 
thinking this woman must be 
the cruelest person in the 
world, but as the film 
progresses, some of the 
sympathy gets directed to the 
fallen star. 

The editing of this film is 
very questionable. After the 
Academy Award, time and 
events just seem to fly by, 

barely glvmg you time to 
realize what you just missed. 
One -minute Crawford is in 
Vegas marrying a man no one 
has seen, next they 're in New 
York, and then he's dead. 

Christina, played by Diana 
Scarwid, grows up to love her 
mother and still hate her. 
Crawford never loses her drive 
even at an old age. In one 
pathetic scene she stands in 
for her daughter on a soap 
opera even though she's 30 
years too old and she shows it. 

Christina is married and 
living on the west coast when 
her mot her dies. Atthe fu neral 
she can finally admit that she 
really loves her mother but 
cannot forgive her. 

This story doesn't have a 
happy ending, unless you're 
i n v 0 I ved inC h r i s tin a' s 
financial matters. When t he 
will is read it is di scovered that 
Crawford left nothing to her 
c hildren. That's when 
Christina gets revenge and 
writes the bestseller. 

The acting in the movie is 
nothing spectacular but the 
physical scenes are done 
rather emotionally . The 
person who deserves the most 
credit is Lee C. Harman , the 
make·up arti st, who trans-
forms Dunaway into Craw· 
ford. 

These "real life", "true 
story" movies are often 
suspect due to the fact that 
they are written from one 
poi n t of view. It's like listen ing 
to one person's side of an 
argument. 

Mommie Dearest is current-
ly playing at th e Lorna 
Theatre. 

New album 
by Auger 
continued (rom page 15 _ 
"Planet Earth Calling," where 
his fluid, clean and fast style 
makes for a good antidote to 
the self-induced ennui that 
results from listening to this 
record. 

The rest of the musicians' 
contributions are marginal at 
best. However Auger has his 
moments on keyboards and 
also does admirably with the 
vocals in a R&B flavored cover 
of ''I'm Gone." 

She has shown and 
performed her work in · 
numerous locations across 
the countrv _ 

Hanne Lauridsen 

All things considered, 
unless you're a diehard Auger 
fan or get real excited by 
stellar guitar performances, 
you could probably find better 
ways to spend your rent 

._---- -_. __ ._--

,n\9!18QY: 1-\ •• 
'1:»1 '0 lItoll 0 I ' ~ no,J ~))"i 

flU-S: I> ilRI» __ . ____ -----fJ 

\Ionda~, Scptemlll'r 2H. ] BH 1 

Calendar 
l'tlllllllll"d 11,,111 11" \.: " I ~ 
4-5pm - Looking for that place to continue your grappling 
skllls7 Co me to the Wrestling Club meeting at 4pm In Rec 
Conf Rm 2. 
4-Spm - Join members of o ther martial art d iSCIp lines at the 
Martial Arts Club meenng on the North Balcony 
4-5pm - Learn about the upcoming boXing events at UCSD 
at the BOXing Club's flfst organizational meeting In Rec Conf 
Rm I 
4-5pm - Gung Fu Club's first open meeting at the North 
Ba lcony. Eve~ne welcome. 
6-7pm & 7·8pm - Ballroom dance classes. beginning class 
runs from f:r 7pm and the Intermediate class from 7-Bpm Both 
classes are held in the Rec Conf Room 
., Opm -Israeli folk dance meeting B-IOpm In the Rec Conf 
Rm 

FRIDAY 
4-Spm - Do you play tennis on the miniature scale71fyou 
do, come to the Table Tennis Club's first meeting at 4pm in 
the Rec Conf Rm. 
7:30pm - Women's voll("y1:lall lIS Claremont College in the 
main gym. free. 

SATURDAY 
lo-l1l11ft & l1-noon - Tennis classes are beginning this 
Saturday on the Matthews Courts. Classes run from 10/3-
11/21. Adv beginning class starts at IDam and int-adv at Jlam. 
Ipm - Men's water polo lIS Ocddental College at the 
Miramar NiNal Air Station Pool. free. 

religious 

MONDAY 
Spm - Catholic Mass held Monday through Friday, 5pm at 
the University Lutheran Church. 

Tlw l 'C~ )) (;ua rd ian 

5:10pm - Student di""~' ~pon50red !:Joy the UCSD C<I·t C Ie. 
commUlnlty at the UnM~ 'Sl ty luthI" an C~urc,.... Clonatlors 
accepted 
7pm - Campus Crusade for Chn>t Monday '1lg"t meetl~ 
Come take part In an evening of fun and c'1allenge Campus 
Crusade for Chnst a group of UCSD stuClenrs 'Mth J 
purpose Meeting at the Administra tive Complex II I-A. 

TUESDAY 
9-IOpm - Is there any good news 7 A look at the bible and 
our lives: wtlar's the connea lon 7 Sponsored by the UCSD 
Catholic community at the Umverslty Lutheran Church, free 

niURSDAY 
7pm - SoCial Aalon Group meets to diSCUSS projects for !t'" 
new year New members are welcome onsored by ''''1' 
UCSD Catholic Community at the UnIVP.rslty lutherc'" 
Church 

FRIDAY 
Jpm - Calvary Chapel Bible Study - a time for fellowship 
and the word. Meet other Christians on campus for a real 
TGIFI Next to the AS Office above EDNA at the Student 
Center In the Gameroom Conference Room. 
5130pm - Beach party and weiner roast. sponsored by 
l.i1iversity llJtheran Churcfl, open to all. Meet at church for 
transportation lacross street from Revelle College, 9595 La 
Jolla Shores D"ive I. 
71JOpm - Jesus is Lord - What does it mean to you ? Come 
and find out. Sponsored by Trident Christian Fellowship in the 
North Conference Room, refreshments served. 

SATURDAY 
Spm - Catholic Mass at the University Lutheran Church. 

SUNDAY 
113o.m - Catholic Mass at the University Lutheran Church. 
,o.m - llJtheran Communion selVlce, open to all. With 
Paster John Huber preaching. followed by open forum With 
Ernie Mort. At University Lutheran Church, 9595 La Jolla 
Shores Orive. 

100lOam - Catholic student Mass at the University 
Lutheran Church. 
11:15am - Looking for a church where students go to 
'NOrship7 We are a body of over 500 college age adults (lB-
241 wtlo meet to fellowship together. encourage one 
arother and develop a growing relationship with God 
through Jesus Chr ist. Worship at 11 :ISam - sermon on 
Revelation. College level Bible Seminars at 8:45& 1O:0Sam at 

SOFT 
CONTACT LENSES 

SpeCial offer: 

$150 
Extended wear lenses available 

Robert M. Hel ler, 0 D. 

includes: 
soft lenses· care kit 

follow up care 
and examination 

17 

e C.l ege Ave' ue 8c>pt,t r r tl • 47 r ~ 'ege Ave"u,· 
neilr SDSU 
12I'l00" - Episcopal E,,'h<;r st /. J'shiD SerJlCf Fr 8i11 
Mailed)! en to all. at tne L")M:':'I y ..... tt'erdn ChLrcn 
5pm - CatnollC MiiSS 'It tI t> unM"lr; !..tJther",n ChLrcn 

meetings 

MONDAY 
lpm - UCSO W'omens RI":oource Center general mei'tmg, 
open to dll UC5D students Come dnCl find about the 
programs we a;e OOlng tillS y.'ilr, wnat you (an do UCSO 
needs a Women5 Center that responds to the needs of the 

~tudent5 At ine Women5 Resource Center, next to tTll' Food 
Co-op 
4pm - Come to an organizational meetlong for Women In 
SCience. Hlp plan the year's events I At the Women s Resource 
Center 
7pm - Model United Nations. New members welcome 
We'll work on the High School Conference and elea an 
advertiSing officer. We also need to diSCUSS reCrUIting and 
fundraising. At HSS 1305 

TUESDAY 
12·1pm - Contracept/lle Counseling and Education ClinIC 
at the Student Health Center. 
4:30 - Pre-Law Education AsSOCiation - Introduaory 
meeting - all IrlIAted In the North Conference Room. Guest 
speakers, refreshments. 

WEDNESDAY 
'2-1 pm - Contraceptive Counseling and Education CliniC 
at the Student Health Center 
7pm - SUrf Club meeting in the Rec Rm. Intramural Bldg. 
THURSDAY 
4-Spm - Society of Women Engineers (Interest group) 
"SWE" first meeting of the quarter Come learn about v.rt1at 
SWE has to offer: workshops, Job conneaions. upcoming 
events. All Interested are welcome, In the North Co nference 
Room. 

FRIDAY 
4pm - UCSD 5+leech and Debate Team Introduaory 
meeting In the Revelle Formal Lounge. Upcoming 
tournaments wll be discussed. 

The world 01 comrnun,catlors ,s 
chang ll1g at an unprecedent ed 
pace He re IS a" Industry ""hel€' 
lour Iresh deas and energy N 
be welcome Sate,te and ('able 
technologi es Will soon OM,nat€' 
tne fT10st vast curnrnunlcatlons 
network Imaglnao e Y -·U Cil" 
contfl bule to th IS e<c t nq 
eVOlutIon when VOu 10'" Ol~f P ~P 

engtn~flnng COrTl'Tiur,! " 

~"'''k,ng strateg 'ca I . eo u5tO 
our pos'tlon~s d" ac_"<:w I'oge1 

,,.., t~r natl,,:)na eadpr rt 't"'e de~,qp 
anO manufaC!ufP v f ('0 J'or"el"" 
' :)r satelli te c ,rr."I1lJ"t("d! .... no;; 

La Jolla Village Square Mall 
Lower Level 

Bausch & Lomb 
soflens and 

supplies available 
COMMUNICATING 

(;:to f? te!p\rISlon uf",;»rq" 
""'clnagf?rlen'lf\,j ,.,,.,,,,,,(' 5f'( ljr I .. 
c;,st..,ms S(. pn' I A,1Iar'ltrl c; 

~dOP'5r l" o.I~'P""~ .) ''''-, 
..-rtC\nufact ... ""t an,j 5a;(' )' 'tl~t.H 4 
'T't-'aSlJrerTIt> • nfi·r ......... ' I')\"",C;. I 

452-7374 

UCSO's Universi ty 

I 

I 
Andy Raufman I 

The Man Who: 
is Latke Gravis on ABC TV's "Taxi" 

WIll offer $500 to any woman who can pin him I 
in a three minute bout 

took hIS audience (20 buses (u ll) ou t (or 
milk and cookies 

October 3, Saturday, 8 :00 p.m. 
UCSDGym 

G.A. $8.00, St • . $6.00 
Ticl,etro. " u'E.O . Bolli Office 

452-4M9 

su 

/ 

Scientific 
Atlanta 

'10 JSI":al Ip ,pccr IT1li"!.it ' 
"ira aOve ,""...p r ' dC'e ..l'tnnli 

Careers In 
Communications 
And Instrumentation 
At S I t:H'l , f At (iron ""t:' . l.,Ct • 
yOll t) str€'tC'" your,,; ... ":o rnp t.J! -l 
Olversllv Of cllallengt"s Y I. "" 

~harp thiS fast-paced env lrorm~r ' 
w,th lop prOfeSSionals 
p,oneers In tile communicatIons 
and ' rlSlrumentat,on Ileids Your 
CiHeer potent ia l IS unlimited 
Our 350 0 compounded Increase 
In sales over the past I"e year s 'S 
only one md lcall on of the qrowt ~ 
that awaits yOu 

If YOIl are an EL ECTRICA L 
ENG INEER and nave an m teres' 
In deSign wor" In th e hardwa re or 
so ltware areas VISit your 
p lacement off,ce ana arrange to 
meel WIth uS on 

October 7 & H 
or contact our Corpo rate 
Employment Department at 
1-800-241-5346 

SCIENTIFIC-ATLANTA 
One TeChnOlogv Pa r~way 
POBox 105600 
Atlanta Geo rg ia 30348 
An Equal Opportun Ity 
Employer M F V H 



18 The UCSD Guardian 

Thepriee 
ors4rle 

has just eO'I.e 
aown% 

Save $20 or more on SILADIUM® 
College Rings ••• now only 884.95. 

SILADIUM rings produce the 
brilliant lustre of a fine jeweler's 
stainless. 

Men's and women's Siladium 
rings are on sale this week 
only through your 
ArtCruved representative. 
A visit to the ArtCarved 

DATE Bookstore 

College Ring table will give you 
the chance to see the full 
collection of rings for the fall. 
But hurry on over . .. this sale 

runs for a limited 
time only. 

PLACE Sept. 30, Oe~ 1.~2 
I >CpOSlt required ~h.tslerC' hl:lrg~ or \"l~a accclJtcd 

TEST WITH CONFIDENCE 
TAKE THE UNIVERSITY 
OF SAN DIEGO'S 

PREPARATION COURSE 
• Faculty include. lawyers and educators. 
• Counseling pro .. ided both during course and alter you 

recei?e your L.S.A.T_ score_ 
• Extenai?8 Classroom and homework materials 

accompany lectures. 

• San Diego course : also offered in Los Angeles 
and San Francisco. 

Call toll· lree (800) 223-2618 
in San Diego area call : (7l4) 293-4524 
...... ~ ...•.........•.•............•..•.........• 

For a tree brochure call or wrile 10 : LSAT Preparation 
Course, Uni?ers ity 01 San Diego. San Diego. CA 92110 

t name - ------
® cunent addreao __ 
city otate 

ZIP ._ tele phone ( )--

Registered Students 
and Post Doc's 

"Cover Your Bod" with 

Health 
Insurance 

New benefits for 1981-82 include: 

@ Benefit increases in most 
catagories 

@ Pre-existing Condition Coverage 
@ Pregnancy Coverage 

Stud~nt Premium $43 50, Spouse $4900, Children $4900 

Informati on and Applicat ions are available at 
Student Health Center Q-039 

452-3300 

Monday, September 28, 1981 

Reactor 
COl1lillll(' d 11 '''111 pOl!.!c ~) 
increased if they are 'slowed 
down. The material which 
s lows them down is called the 
moderator. Neutrons collide 
with the nuclei of the 
moderator and bounceoffwith 
less energy, having transfer· 
red some to the moderator. 
Different materials are used as 
moderators. Heavy water is 
the best, but it is expensive_ 
Carbon and light water are the 
most common moderators_ 
The moderator is used to 
in crea s e the chan ces of 
nuclear coll isions, 

A third component is needed 
to control t he chain reactions, 
The control rods, a the name 
implies, control the rate of the 
nuclear collisions. They are 
made of material which absorb 
the energy of the neutrons 
rel eas ed in fi ss ion . B y 
absorbing the neutron they 
reduce the number avaIlable 
for colli ion and t he chain 
reaction is s lowed or (Opped 
completely. 

Th e nu c lear fu e l I S 
encapsula ted in long, thin , 
zirconium a lloy t ubes and 
s urrounded by t he moderator : 
water o r graphi te . Thi:, 
assembly is t he reactor core 
The contro l rods are in ... erted 
a mong the fuel t ubes and 
moderator. When t he rods are 
complete ly in place t ht' 
neutrons are absorbed and :' 
c hai n react ion cannot occur . 
When t hey are par tIa ll y 
removed more neu trons are 
available for collis ions. At a 
critical point jus t enough 
neutrons are available to 
s ustain a chain react ion and 
release energy. If the rods are 
removed too far , too many 
reactions take place and so 
much heat is releas ed that the 
fuel melts . This is the "melt 
down" s ituation which so 
many fear. In a melt down, hot 
fuel would come in contact 
with the water causing a 
steam explosion , releas ing 
radioactive material into the 
e nvironment. 

Controlled nuclear reactton 
is at the heart of the atomIc 
power plan t. The energy 
released by nuclear fi ssion is 
u sed to boil water fOl t hp 
steam cycle . There arf' 
d ifferent systems for us ing the 
heat energy , One is the boiling 
water reactor (BWR) in which 
the heat from the core is used 
d irectly to produce steam tor 
the turbine. A second type is 
the pressurized wat er reactor 
(PWR). Tn this sys tem the 
e n ergy fr om t hE' n uclear 
reaction heat s water which is 
pressurized to prevent it from 
bo iling . This su per-heated 
water is u sed to make steam. 
Turbines are more effi cient at 
high pressures and t hese 
in c rea sed t em p ~ratu r e ' 
increase the overall efficiency 
of the sys tem. A thIrd system 
is the high temperature gas 
reactor (HTGR) which use 
heated gas to make steam. 

One pound of fue l used in 
nuclear reactors produ ces 
about 2,8 million times morp 
energy than a pound of coa . It 
eventually gets expended as 
the uranium nucle i split. 
Typical nuclear fuel lasts 
about four years, 

The fuel begins as uranium 
are which contains about three 
percent uranium. This is 
refined into a powdery "yellow 
cake" which is 80 percenl 
uranium oxide, The yellow 
cake is then enriched to three 
precent U·235 at which point it 
is ready for the reactors. After 
it is ' pe nt , it can b 
reprocessed and t he usable 

~~ \., 
",It I 

Monday, September 28, 1981 

Classifieds 
announcements 

Gay marching band and twirling corps -
first In San Diego. For Info call 282-5647 
(9/28) 

Wanted 5 paid student directors and 30 
volunteers to operate the AS Internship 
office For mexe Infarnatlon or an InteMew, 
call x4689 and leave your name and phone 
number (9/28) 

The UCSD Guardian 

Men's touring bike. 23' frame, alloy Israel 5770, London $0485, Tok)Q 5735, Peru 
componencs. Recently CMmilUled . Sl50 $690. 11': E, 511la Cienega "216, L.A, CA 
firm. 455-7476 evenings. Ask fex D.Yve. 90048. (213) 85H1637 (11/23) 
(9/ 28) 
1974, 128 Fiat Xlnt COncJitlon, gas SC!Ver. 
$2200 Third College Apts M-16 on 
weekend Victor (9/ 28) 
ELECTRIC TYPE\1VRITERS FOR SALE IBM 
ElectriC $195, Roya iElectrlcS175 Inspect at 
530 Broadway SUite 622, SiXth & Broadway, 
San Diego (900 a m -3 00 pm) 
Telephones 933-3200, 933-3554, 481 -
8671 (9/28) 

personals 

Transportation svcs SliJtf Wishes to express 
deep regret and condolences to Laura on 
the demise of her thirties (9/ 28) 

19 

Hey guys, It'S GTI once more on Thurs, Oct 
1 All those whO understand /!Ie '""'ted to 
the first ~nt o f !he season. Apt 9152 D S 
Mesa. - fltz (10/1) 
David, Happy Annl\lersary LCM. 2 yrs IS a 
long time MiJ.,'oe thiS really IS 'The Real 
Thlngl" X Andrea (9/28) 

Hey! Scott from Ber1<eley, CA that was In 
HawaII around Aug 15-20 (hiked up to 
Sacred Falls) Call 571 -5188 (LIVIng In 
Warren Hall?) (10/ 1) 

Free!1 8 month old kitty needs good home 
Male, yellow short hair, fnendly and house 
trained Call Ann 452-8738 or DClVld 457-
2274. (11/1) 
Answers to your academIC prob lems can 
be found from peer advisors Su, M, T, W 7-
9 pm. we Res Office. (9/28) 

Child care needed In my home, 3 blocks 
south of Revelle Wednesdays 12:30-5, 
and/ex Tues & Thurs 2:30-5 455-1630 
(1 0/1 ) 
BIf'ldry Inserters ParHimeworl<, d/J)'ornight 
shilts No experience necessary but must 
be able to worl<. fast. San DlegUitoPress. 597 
Westlake, Encinitas. 453-7314 (10/15) 

Van Halen tickets - Center seats on floor To 
best offer. 453-5075. leave name and 
number (9/28) 
FISH ING POLES 2 sabre 6tfJ, 200w-custom 
Diamond wrap Good fex the bay or boat 
Call 286-4660 (1 0/1) 
For sa le, Used Lehrtlnger Biochemistry text, 
524 57th ed CRe Handbook of Chem & 
PhysiCS S18 Bi ll or Colleen 450-0274 
(9/28) 

Rodgers named 
al umni director 

Pre -Law education assoCIatIOn 
organizational meeting Tuesday, Sept 29at 
4 In the N Conference Room. Refreshments, 
everyone Il'Mted. (9/28) 
Wackal Wacka! Wackal UCSD Outing Club IS 
looking for members Slide show and first 
meeting Tues Sept 29th, 7 pm. USB 2622 
So come and see what we can offer you In 
the way of escapism (9/ 28) 
DICit ,n 6 mos? Draft fCfUm update with 
NLG Ia~rs, Tuesday, Oct 6, North 
Conference rm (student center) 7 pm. 
Sponsored by CARD, Peach & JustICe Co 
(10/5) 

wanted 

Babysitter needed fex small exercise class 
In Sorrento Valley M an-Sat. 9am-10am. $4 
plus/hr Call Heidi 453-1094 (9/28) 
Subjects needed fex an experiment In 
visual perception. If Interested, pis contact 
Alynn at The Salk Institute 453-4100 x 224. 
Subjects Will be paid 53/ hr (1 0/1) 

Wanted : Subjects for 8raln Wave 
Experiments. Male ex Female 18-35 years. 
Call NeurOSCiences at 452-3797 to get on 
our list. Pay IS $300 to $4 00 per hour 
(1 0/ 5) 
Subjects for brain-wave expt S4/ hr Call 
Debbie, Tues. 12-4.30, 452-4412. (9/ 28) 

housing 

Roommate wanted for unvehevable La Jolla 
Shores tully furnished 3 bedroom home. ].V 
block from beach, ONn room Preter 1 
female Must see. Ma1m ex Anneka. 456-
2781 (10/ 5) 
CUT YOUR HOUSING COST S -
HorneMales can help by finding a 
compatible roommate to share costs. We 
are the oldest and largest roommate service 
In San Diego since '79 We do complete 
screening. Ask about our September 
discount Call 291 -9643. (10/1) 
2 female roommates wanted to share 
master bedroom In ocean front apt. -
nonsmoker laurie 273- 7491 eves, best 
(9/ 28) 
Needed: roommate F nonsmoker in 
Genesee Highlands 5150-175 mo. 5100 
deposit Call Debra 450-0335 ( 10/1) 

for sale 

For sale large student desk 6 drawers, 
mahagony top Sl00 Call Gene 452-1858 
(10/1) 

Roil ing Stones tiCketS. 239-54 71 Greg after 
6 pm (10/5) 

1977 Dodge colt. automatiC, 34,000 ml, 
runs greatl 33 mpg, must selL S1850/ make 
offer Erik, 755-4967 ( 10/ 1) 
1948 " ton International Pickup, runs 
excellent, 4 speed $750 Randy, 755· 5460 
(9/28) 
Engine fex MG mldget/spme. 1275 cc, 
rebuilt head, extras, $250 Randy. 755·5460 
(9/28) 

services 

Beth s Professional Typing - Term papers, 
resumes, letters, etc 27(}-2815 (9/28) 
UNWANTED HAIR REfv'O\I£D PERMANENT-
LY near campus La Jolla Vi llage ProfesSional 
Center, 8950 V illa La Jolla Drive, SUite 1160-
C, call for Appt 453-7040 (6/ 3) 

travel 

ClEE Student Travel open M-F 9-4 In the 
Student Center ClEE offers Budget Flights, 
rail passes, tours, bool<s, Insurarce, worl<. 
and study programs, and mu~h more Call 
459-Q630 (6/3) 

Disabled Stude ... · 
Services 

Jean M. R<xlger<,. associate 
director of the Uc. B Alumni 
Association and director of 
the UCSB Alumni VacatIOn 
Center . has been named 
lie lJ Alumm Director. 

The 33-year-old R(xlgers, a 
1970 graduate of UC B \\ith 
a bachelor's degree in 
combined social sciences. wi ll 
begin her UCSD jobdutieson 
Sept. 21. 

Rodgers has worked for the 
UCS B AlumnI Association 
si nce 1972. when she started 
as members hip coordinator. 
In 1979 she was promoted to 
the associate director and 
vacation center director JXlSt. 

As associate direct or of the 
alumni association she is 
responsible for vear-round 
alumni programming. fund 
raising, and a host of other 
projects. As director of the 
vacatio n center she i · 
responsible for an operating 
budget of more than $600.000 
of non-universitv funds for 
the 12-week operation which 
serves more than 3,000 UC 
alumni , faculty and staff. 

"I have been workmg with 
the alumni at UC Santa 
Barbara for 10 vears." said 
Rodgers. "UC San Diego is a 
new program and a new 
challenge for me. The I Ie 
Santa Barbara Alumni 
Associat IOn has grown \ ery 
quickly and very successfully 
in 10 years. As the UC an 
Diego director I want to use 
the things 1 have learned and 
put them to work," 

"She has an extensive 
background in programming 
and student relations, the 
two areas which the alumni 
associat Ion has targeted for 
growth in the coming year ," 
according to Frank Phillips, a 
San Diego attorney and 
president of the UC San 
Diego Alumm and Friends 
Associat ion. 

recycle 
this 

paper 

invites you to attend an 
OPEN HOUSE 
at our new location 

Student Center, Room 105 
(Across from the Pub) 

Special Equipment Exhibits 
Refreshments 

Friday, October 2, 1981 
10:00 am to 2:00 pm 

y 

For further information, please call 452-4382 or nv 452-2494 Disabled Student Services 
Un iversity of Cal ifornia , 

San Diego 



20 The UCSD Guardian Monday, September 28, 1981 

(" lQSl .llifnrnld Milk Advisory Board 

When you just got a "D" 
aBLT ... 

I ( 

e 


