
THE GUARDIAN 
Volume 42, Number 3 University of California. San Die~o Monday, January 12, 1981 

~ 
. - J / 
-, . . -( --

State loans for 
students are 
being delayed 

BY BLAKE SHAW 
Changing laws. interest rates. bankers' 

uncertainties and delays in obtaining new forms 
have all contributed to delays - and in some cases. 
rejections - for students seeking California 
Guaranteed Student Loans. 

A federal law passed last fall caused interest 
rates for student loans to rise from seven to nine 
percent. effective the first of this month. In late 
November. the California Student Aid Commission 
(CSAC). which supervises tudent loans in 
California and provides banks with the proper 
forms for student to complete. was told that new 
forms would be nec~ssary to accompany the new 
loans . 

However. it often take three or more months for 
new forms to be cleared through the state and 
federal bureaucracy. 

As a result. the CSAC has hastily issued interim 
forms to be used until the new forms are prepared. 
Several copies of these forms hve been sent to the 
home offices of all banks in California that issue 
student loans. so that the banks may copy them 
when necessary. 

Fans in this Tioga Han hnuse watched 
yesterday's Oakland /Sa n Diego football 
conference championship game from three 
televisions set up in their suite lounge. Here, they 

grimace in reaction to a first·half Raider 
touchdown. The Raiders scored early and often 
and whipped the Chargers, 34·27. 

Meanwhile. two New York City banks. Chase 
Manhattan and Citibank. will still issue student 
retroactive loans to cover the entire school year at a 
seven percent rate. Although this policy is not 
being followed by any local bank. UCSD students 

UCSD prof to visit 
S. Mrica soon 

Will study Black system 
BY JOHN HONDROS 

Ne_ Editor 
Arend Lijphart, acting - Lijphart. 

chairman of the political However, the South 
science department. will go African government is 
to South America in the refusing to participate in the 
summer to study democracy Buthelezi Commission 
there for a commission because urging equality and 
mostly funded by the White integration has run counter 
minority government. to National Party policy. 
. Lijphart, who has been Lijphart, the only 
studying democratic options American asked to take part. 
there for the last 10 years. does not feel that receiving 
has been invited to money from South Africa 
participate in a study of the will have an influence on the 
Black homeland system. commission. 

Chief Minister Buthelezi "Buthelezi, one of the 
of KwaZulu. one of the black leaders in South 
homelands in South Africa. Africa, is using his power to 
instituted the commission further the cause of Blacks 
last October. It, like most of to try to achieve multi ·racial 
Buthelezi's government. is equality. The purpose of the 
subsidized "to a very large commission is to 10< ' for 
extent" by the racist alternatives to the present 
National Party of South situation in South Africa. 
Africa, according to which is one of White 

Gllardia" phutu by ['el"r AI/ell 

pleaHe tum to palle 14 

Arend Lijphart will try to apply his theories of political acc~modation to the racist· 
dominated, divided nation of South Africa. 

minority rule." 
According to Lijphart. the 

major aim of the Buthelezi 
Commission will be to 
integrate KwaZulu and the 
region of Natal, thus 
eliminating the South 
African government s up· 
ported homeland. 

"He (Buthelezi) believes 
that South Africa should be 
one unified state and that 
homelands are not viable. 
Only 13 percent of all the 
land is allocat6i to the 
homelands and the Blacks 
provide 75 percent of the 
population. The land s 
allocated to the homeland 
are agriculturally poor, and 
there are no major industrial 
mining centers within them. 

"The basic idea of the 
commission is that if some 
kind of meaningful change 
can occur at the regional 
level toward democracy and 
equality. this might be a 
model for the rest of South 
Africa." 

And this homeland , being 
an example of It divided 
society at a small calc, 

provide the ideal etting to 
put Lijphart's theory of 
political power-sharing 
("consociationalism") into 
practice. In a power· sharing 
democracy. he says, the 
executive txxiy consists of 
representatives from each 
ethnic and racial group. 

"The idea of power-
sharing u ually also implies 
that each group should have 
as much autonomy as 
possible to run its own 
affairs - ' uch a the school 
system. Each group is then 
autonomous in those 
matters t hat are its own 
concern, and it i guaranteed 
a share in the making of 
decision that affect the 
country as a whole," 
Lijphart wrote in an article 
for the San Diego Uniml . 

While thi s type of 
democracy ha pro en to be 
viable in the Netherland 
(Lijphart' . birthplace), 
Lijphart admits that it i 
perhap too ideali tic 
within the context of South 

Africa . 
"It i too optImIstIC to 

think that kind of thing will 
be possible at all (in South 
Africa) .... But I think it 's the 
only hope. I think any other 
type of democracy is clearly 
impossible. The alternative 
to power-sharing is civil 
war, dismemberment of 
state, or some type of 
authoritarian tate.' 

Lijphart's research into 
plural societie began with a 
prqject on Dutch politics 
while he taught at UC 
Berkeley from 1963·68. "I 
wanted to · explain how 
Dutch politic was table, 
peaceful and effective. 
de pite the very deep 
divi ion in the ociety. On 
the basis of that' developed 
a theoretical model. ,. 

In 1971 h vi ited South 
Africa for the first time to 

. Iecture at univer itie and 
"te t the water .. for his 
theory. '" gave lecture on 
democracy in divided 
societie not mentioning 
Sout h Africa at all. but 

pleaHe tum to palle 5 



2 

Import quotas a 
wrong solution' 

US auto industry should help self 
B.Y WALTER ADAMS ' 

The .current demands for competition. 
pr'(?tectlon of the US auto Notably. Detroit intro· 
Industry.from foreign imPOrt duced the compact car in 

. competltlon could result In response to the imports oft he 
profound troubles for US late '50s; it introduced the 
consumers. the national sub-compact only after the 
economy •. and. iro~ically. the import of foreign sub· 
US auto mdustry Itself. compacts in the late '60s. 

Ba~onan«:xaminationof Today. still reacting to 
the evidence. It seems clear external pre~sure. it proposes 
that whatever injury the US to eliminate the pressure 
auto industry. has. or will. altogether through govern· 
suffer has been essentially ment protectionism. 
self·inflicted by managerial Of course. there is no 
miscalculations of market question that the industry is 
demand. Furthermore. the suffering a profound malaise. 
proposed import quotas offer US auto production, sales 
no assurance that the and employment have 
domestic industry would be experienced a significant 
restored to health. nor that d eel in e, w h i lei m po r t 
large numbers of workers penetration has significantly 
would be recalled. On the Increased. But the import 
contrary. the proposed increase does not explain the 
quotas could seriously domestic manufacturers' 
dama&e the public interest by decrease. Ra ther. the 
removing the one effective weakness of the domestic 
stimulus toward domesti· industry is explained by a 
cally produced fuel·efficient combination of three primary 
autol: import competition. factors: 

At least since World War II. -The 1979·80 recession. 
the US automotive industry like all recessions, had had <l 
~as ~nstrated a record of ~isproportionately severe 
mnovatlye lethar~ and non· !mpact on the a~tomotive 
prqp-esslve slugglshness on Industry. Total US mdustrial 
the technological front. It has production fell by 9.2 percent. 
chelen to react to change while the production of motor 
rather than to initiate it - to vehicles and parts decreased 
adapt reluct!lntly to external by 25.3 percent. Significant-
pressures hke government Iy. earher recession since 
~ety regulations, oil price 1953, wh,e~ auto imports 
Increases and foreign were neghglble, ha~ similar 

Walt". Adams is 0 professor effects on the auto Industry. 
of economics and former In the current receSSIOn, 
~idnfl D/ Michigan Siole ~he normally severe" cyclical 
U"i"".sily. His o,.lick is a Impact on the auto mdustry 
cond",sed version of a has been exacerbated by 
slalenunl he r«enlly gave 10 unprec~ented interest ra.tes, 
lite US Inlernatiotlo[ Trade escalatITW new car ~nces 
Commission, reprinted by Ihe (and falhn~ used car prtces)! 
Paci/ic News Service. please tum to page 3 

THE GUARDIAN 
Kalhl' Hurr .... liarf')' T .... ·n 

11<11 ... G.!IIft1IIM_,,·r 

IJttrr Mnrtt"ftrCt'n J"'1<'I MilliKan 
!be_I ... LIII ... A"",. BuMinc. .. " M.u*" 

1.1' .... 'rT .. m Kin, Struh 
Ma ....... IdII .... -. Ad SIlk ... M~prt .... ·nl.li,·4.· 

kfl JIto"",r,trd·I'rl·'· Il .. ·,,· .. ·ptionl,..,.: 
Jullnl",""n .. M:ln:ll'k'iln' Jelr I ..... I~II rkia Filrr~·fI Jt>niit"r Warn'n 
New. Edl ...... I .I~' Sulh\ an 

'I'l1l liurk,' Tn~~' I'''' rM: Art,. EcHfI or 
1):1\ Itl Et'kmann 

V:,ll-ri,' ~k~lullil1 
Phillip Ua\k~ J:lnl" :'IIakmllUtil 
Ph" ... Edlin, 

1\-"·r'Alk.,, l'nKtU\,.iun Sh.n: 
Cunlribuei ... Phetw Edilor (n .. l""n 

Kill It' l"IIOlJ,lhu 
~l ; lrlann, ' 114.)tt'tI" .. 

l),a nt, C~ "ar Andn'" t\,,'ll'r 
Prud.'tinn ManuMt'r Mark WII .. un 

Ne.w ... Wrl.~rs : SporUt Wrilcrtl: ArlM Writers: 

JHhn !Irk I' )hkl' h'04.l1lr Bt" h \u .. llI1:mdll 
Jat'k I).mld .. ;\hkl' (;,,!rl"'h In 14,11'1" \Ifllll .... ' 
~h," t ' ("lIld .. lh'k 1'1111 !.IHII ;1 I<ll'~ (; r,'t '11 

( )coin lI all,. I~' n ~lilnll'" \\ 1111,1"1 1I .lInlll l.l" 
1(",,<11 Ihll t\4 lb ~k ~I .. mld,'n 'ndn'\\ "~,-I\'r 
JilO I\n lll !'!'llIliHilhil ~lIt" \hhl' ThlllU,l" 

J."'",,,, Wotdllk l)ork VRn Peen." '"kd ·Iutllll ,.. 
LI"':I ~ulh\rtn 

l'h"I"..crUIJilt,p,,; !lInk,' Sh,,\\ 
Shdl(>~ ~u ...... m"n Ht" 'II.'t '(-;1 I'! II~(' 

Marl 1 Ward t-n'fll'uu", 
II J,' I\ll\ Huhl·rl .... '11 

" IIll 'ld,'" 

< . 

The Guardian Monday. January 12. 1981 

Gun control needs supp~rt 
Editor: 

Following John Lennon's 
murder, promoters have 
wasted no time in manufac· 
turing "Lennonabilia" in 
order to profit by those who 
wi h to remember him. If 
you've been wondering 
whether something more 
useful could be done inlohn's 
memory. you might consider 
giving some serious support 
to legislation for handgun 
control. 

keep your eye on the status of 
this proposal. 

There is a local gun control 
organization as well, the 
Southern California Coali· 
tion for Handgun Control , 
8455 Beverly Blvd.. Los 
Angeles, CA, 90048. Write to 
Ella Stewart at that address. 

or ' call (2]3) 653-1166 for 
information. 

If you've looked under 
"Firearms" in a directory of 
Washington lobbies, you'll 
know why organized grass-
roots support is so essential 
for the 5uccess of gun control 

please turn to page 14 

To stnarty-pants 
There are two Washing- Editor: . bl f '" 

ton · based ornanl'zatl'ons I IOcapa eo earning" in the ,.. n answer to Paul M.Jones. fundament I . f h 
working for Federal legisla- the rude "drop-out" from the word. a meanmg 0 t e 
tion. Largest is Handgun French Department: Before launching out on 
Control, Inc., which lobbies Good ridda nce to an your topsy·turvy tirade did it 
for strict controls on sale and ignorant little "smarty · h 

f occur to you t at those manu acture of handguns. pants"! You are so pleased "quizzes" which you 
Its..address is 810 ]8th Street. with your "style" in stating considered unfair mIght not 
NW, Washington. DC, 20006. your "gripe" and you seem to have been "tests" in the 
The National Coalition to be smacking your lips with usual sense? That they might 
Ban Handguns, 'l.s its name every stupid. irrelevant have constituted a method 
implies, seeks an eventual "crack" - You 'redisgusting! sk.iII.fully prepared by ~ 
prohibition on private Perhaps you even consider brilliant professor, for taking 
ownership of handguns, yourself a master of irony t f ". " f 
except I'n certal'n well.defl·ned d f ? sor 0 IOventory 0 gaps an see or yourself a bright 10 your kno led f F h 
special cases. Address'. 100 f w ge 0 rene Mid A uture in some form of grammar, which during the 

aryan ve., NE, Wash- written composition. To that, following week the ingenious 
ington, DC. 20002. I regret being compelled to professor proceeded to fill in 
. Both of these organiza· use the only word which can II d f . 

tlons, as I have found. will best describe my reaction _ sma oses 0 Instruction? Is 
gladly send you informatl'on "M rd .. this explanation beyond your e e! The pinnacle of limited powers of com pre-
on request. They are achievement for you in that hension? 
currently working for direction may possibly be (if UCSD needs less of your 
passage of the Kennedy· you work hard at it ) a k'nd d Rodino Handgun Crl'me C 'f' I an more young people ertl Icate of Competence in who are equipped with the 
Control Act, gun control Typing. intelligence to welcome the 
legislation which will be Furlhermore. I'll wager privi.lege of sharing the 
debated this year in that your endeavors towards b f . 
Congress. Vart'ous l..mslators .. .. am lance 0 a Untque ~... getting into Medical personal't I'k P f 
are trying to kill it or attach School'.' are vain _ you'll Low I Y I e ro essor 
pro-gun riders to the bill, so never make it! Why? You are e. MIRIAM INCH 

the bottom 11De----------------. 

, SophoInore ntajor or Dlud? 
BY MICHAEL McKEE 

Mike. spo~e .aboye the ,~in. "Exactly ho~ AJ:Id so it goes. Sophomore year, one 
does. thiS prtOrtty hst go? The prof was a bIt reahzes what a lowl9. despicable, wretched-
beWildered and was about to say so when awful thing it is to be a lower-division 
another student handed him the list. student. Now one cares. Your name is mud. 
"Here." Especially in the writing and drama 

".Oh, t~ank you. Let's see ... yes. Senior departments. I know, I'm Mike. 
ma~ors .flrs.t, th~n senio~ mi~o~, junior One can't help but get the feeling of being 
~~jors, jUOlOr mmors, se~lOrs, jUOlOrS, and a bothers0l!'e infant, continually being 
ftnally soph~more majors who have brushed aSIde. It reminds me of those 
eompletedj.helr requirements in this area." miserable days when we were high school 

Mike turned to the sophomore next to him freshmen. always being physically abused 
an~ shrugged. ".Great; Are you a ,~enior by t he uPJ?fr·~lassmen . Being dragged to the 
major. or a senior minor. or a.... The pool at midnight. bound in mattresses and 

'op~omor~ only shook hi ' head . "Oh." rolleddownthehills.andvictimsofthemost 
replied MIke. who. too. had the ill fate of devious pranks were jus t a way of life for us . 
bemg a ·ophomore. Here. the lower-class men are subject to 
.. The professor was demanding at tent ion. £leaden.li(' ~buse instead . They cannot excel 

Now. there are 3.8 of you.and we have only m ~helr .fleld s of study now; they have to 
15 spaces. ~nlo: majors r.alse t.helr walt until next year. or maybe the year after 
han~ s ... o~ay. 1 ~.at s seve~ senl~r maJ?rs. tha~ . Alternate clas!ies are chosen. but to no ' 

enlOr mmors? I hree. Junior majors. FI ve. avail. Soon the sophomore feel swindled 
How about that? An e,:en 15. The rest of you out. of . the.ir ed~cation. like I hey are 
can leave now. and. If ~ou wanl. you can sWlmmtng m qUIcksand. their academic 

ta~e ~ syllabus to ~.et an Idea of what you 're goals stagnant. The disparity flows through 
ml mg. Heh h .. h. their vein ' like a virulent cancer. 

Michad McKee, 10 his di.mInY. i.~ a 
sophomore al UCSD. 

But next year. they will feel fortunate to 
have priority over the lowly scurvy·dogs-
they will expect and demand iL Afler all. 

plene turn to .. Ie 3 

Monduy • January 12. 19K 1 

Quotas not best 
sol u tion for autos 
continued (rom pagl' 2 
rising gasoline costs and 
shortages. and unappealing 
product offerings. 

-The persistent failure of 
the Bi~ Three companies to 
recogmze that the era of the 
gas-guzzler had given way to 
that of small. fuel·efficient 
cars is among the most 
i m portan t causes of the 
current sickness. 

Despite the 1973 oil 
el}1bargo, US car makers 
chose to continue to rely on 
intermediate and standard 
cars as their mainstay. They 
presumably rea oned that 
they could thu s avoid 
competition in the small car 
field. where foreign produ-
cers were strong, and could 
capitalize on the higher profit 
margins on full ·size cars (in 
accordance with Henry Ford 
II's maxim that "mini-cars 
mean mini -profits" ) . 
Whatever their reasons, the 
decision had seriously 
adverse consequences for the 
US manufacturers and 
ultimately for their em· 
ployees - some 300.000 of 
whom are now out of work. 

The statistics tell the 
story. US producers' 
shipments of sub·compact 
and compact cars not only 
held their own between 1975 
and 1980, but substantially 
increased their share of 
consumption. The percen-
tage of large cars, in contrast, 
declined dramatically during 
the same period - from 47.6 
percent in 1975 to 29.2 
percent in the first half of 
1980. 

As the US International 
Trade Commission s taff 
noted: "From January-June 
1979 to January-June 1980, 
large car ' share of apparent . 
consumption decreased by 
more th,an imports' share 
increased." 

This point i crucial. The 
observed decline in domestic 
auto production and 
employment does not affect 
the indu try as a whole. It is 
confined to the largr vehicles. 
The Commissio n's own 
statistics make it clear that 
the managerial decision to 
continue reliance on large 
cars. and not to concentrate 
on development of smaller 
cars, is the principal cau e of 
the indu s try's cur rent 
problems. 

The indu try's long battle 
against the government's 
fuel efficiency standards 
lends perspective to this 
flawed decision. As late as 
April, 1979, the US auto 
industry was still fighting 
the Transportation Depart· 
ment's 27'h. mile·per-gallon 
requirement for the 1986 
fleet. A GM spokesman told a 
Senate subcommittee that 
"the fuel economy standards 
have greatest impact and are 
potentially the most 
disruptive in the industry 
and the nation." He went on 
to warn that meeting the 
standards would be "very 
costly" and that "there is no 
reasonable assurance that 
consumers will be willing to 
buy the kinds of cars and 
trucks we will be forced to 
offer." 

Ttle University [vents Office Presents: . 

i ACADEMY AWARD WINNER 1 ~~, Foreign Language Film 1979 

Pmcnli 

The (;uardinn 3 

It's time for some risks 
BY MARY SAWYER 

So. another quarter has begun . and I'm 
sure practically everyone is caught up in the 
many mind-boggling di stractions that 
always prague us this time of year. Those 
time·consuming. frustrating errands of 
buying new books, adding and dropping 
cia ses. seeing chool friends once again and 
pu hing back into our memory the days of 
Christmas vacation (to think about some 
other time) have de cended on us again. 

But just let me air a concern , perhaps even 
a warning, that before we settle into the 
daily routine and before we sink into the 
eat ing. sleeping and studying sy ndrome. we 
shou Id take time to think about last quarter. 
reflect upon last year and foresee the future 
with a little more ingenuity . 

What I'm concerned about is the lack of 
heroism in today 's society and at UCSD. 
Most of u are content to fill up our minds 
with the daily pressures of academics. 
Whatever happened to dream and high 
aspirations? 

While working towards a college degree 

Mary Sawyer is a sophomore al UCSD. 

is a prest igious goal. one must admit that 
many of us cling to I he security_of the 
sheltered univers ity life. While the rest of 
the world precariously plunges into 1981. we 
students fill our afe and stable world by 
casually attending afternoon lectures and 
spending our evening studying (or 
cramming) in the library. The real world is 
set apart and pushed into the distance; our 
nat ural sense of advent ure is st ifled by the 
forever ~rowing piles of assignments. 

So let ssei7.etheol~:r.)rtunitytoembracea 
cause, participate in a protest. voice our 
opinions. experience hang·gliding or travel 
to that intriguing country .... In order for 
these years and t he rest of our lives to have 
value and be fulfilling, we must actively 
pursue recklessly high ambitions. 

I say it is time to take a few risk . Let's 
dare to seek 'omething more than securilv . 
Let' step - no. leap into our uncertain 
future and become omeone bigger than 
our elves. Have the courage to dreaml 
Because we are forever growing older. there 
is. probably, no better time to act upon our 
aspirations than right now. 

He did not refer to the fact 
that foreign auto producers 
were already meet ing or 
exceeding the standards, and 
doing so without apparent 
difficulty. According to the 
EPA fuel efficiency ratings 
released six months later ,the 
top 10 cars were imports. In 
the low·mileage category 
were 22 Chrysler and GM 
models. which tied for the 
near bottom at 14 miles-per-
gallon. 

America) imported nearly 28 
percent of all imported cars 
and nearly 70 percent of all 
imported light trucks. 

The US manufacturers' 
current international 
investment policies. and 
plans for a "world car" - an 
amalgam of components 
manufactured in different 
countries around the globe-
are further indication that 
their reliance on over eas 
supply sources in the near 
future is likely to increase. to 
the det riment of auto 
production and employment 
in the United States. 

Major or 
• 

mz·nor or 

- The third critical factor 
in the current malaise is the 
degree to which US auto 
manufacturers are them· 
elves increasingly relyingon 

imports. Last year, US auto 
producers (excluding VW of 

From the 
University 
Events 
Office: 

Alr~ady . more than half of 
the auto and light truck 

please turn to page 5 

"In any language, 
the film is 
laugh-out-loud 
fu " nny. -i" .... \\·s\\ ........ k 

"Wonderfully 
zany!" 

- :"Il»''' York Dally I ews 

" A sparkling 
comedy!" 

_ !:,,,,,, Fr,lIu' l"cll (hrol11d ... 

just mud? 
c.,ntinued from page 2 
when I was finally a high 
school senior I whole· 
heartedly participated in 
antagonizing the poor little 
freshmen, and relished every 
moment, rarely remembering 
the agony. 

So take heart, all you mud 
out there. next year your 
boots will tread on other 
mud. and you will have 
earned t he privilege. 

RoprCorman the 
TinDrum 

8:00 p.m., January 13, $1.75 
Mandeville Auditorium 

Tickets on Sale at the UW Box Office in the Student Center 

8 p.m., January 16, $1.75 
Mandeville Auditorium 

Tickets on Sale at the UW Box Office In the Student Center 



staring Bruce Lee 

W.~, .00 .. 10:00 pm 
... 17. 

$1.50 -' tM I0Il OffIce 
sponsored by SAUCSDBP 

PARKING PERMIT 
INFORMAOON 

Unless you feed a meter, no matter where 
you pa1c on CMTlPUS you must have a parking 
permit. Student "s" permits are available 

. from 9:00 am to 3:00 pm at the Central 
cashier's Office, Building 401 i Warren 
Campus. The cost of an "s" permit is $30.00 
and the permit is good through June 30, 
1981. StudInt pcnnItI .. valid only In 

yellow striped spaca~ 

If you have any questions about pa1<ing or 
Me interested in joining a carpool or 
vanpool, orwould like to get information on 
San Diego Transit ex North County Transit, 
stopy by the Pa1<ing & Transit Systems Office 
at 400 Warren Campus or give us a call on 

campus extension 4223. 

I Sociology Courses-, _ Offered:...J 
Soc 146: Equality/Inequality 9t:nJ 
MVIIF 11-11:50, w:.C 124 
Professor C. Nathanson 
'Mlo wents equality? 'Mly has humanity for so long been 

-5ttracted to the ideal and defeated it in practice? 

Soc 176:' Love, Irtimacy and Sex 9649 
M'WF 1-1:50, Hl 1402 
Professor Douglas 
This course will examine the complete range of intimate 
r~ations, from friendship to daemonic love, 

SOc 190: Revolutions (Senior Seminar) 9604 
M 2-3:50, HSS 3009 
Professor C. Nath"nson 
'Mlen do social revolutions occur? \lVho mclkes them and 
with what consequences? 

For AI1Iw ......... IIcNI, ..... contact .... 
Sa clolo. _." .. o'It It 14753. 

Atkinson close to 
new structure 

BY JENIFER WARREN 
Ne_ EcIltor 

Chancellor Richard lor Richard Armitage's 
Atkinson has "a good sketch direction. 
in his mind" o~ how he plans Academic Services (recruit· 
to reorganize campus ment, admissions and 
Stu de!l t A ~ f air ~ and registrar, OASIS), housing 
Acad~mlc AffaIrs Offl~, b~t and food RrVices. University 
he ~~J\ not make publIC hIS Events, University Exten· 
decISIon for two weeks. sion . and Summer Session 
Assistant ~ha~cellor Patrick may all be affected by the 
Ledden Said Fnday. re«ganization. 

Atkinson has been While Chan.:el\or found 
examining the report of the the Frazer report "very 
Frazer Committee. a complete and helpful," an'd 
student/faculty group has "considered the four 

char~ last .quarte~ ',Vith models they presented very 
~plonng possIble variations carefully," he is expected to 
JO the Student and Academic formulate his own altema-
Affairs organizations since it tive for the restructurinjl. 
was released in late "These are very comDlex 
November. The Chancellor issues," said Ledden .Iand h~ ~lso considered input he the Chancellor has co~sider­
SOlICIted last month from ed a wide range of comments. 
college Provosts, campus vice I believe certain parts of the 
chancellors, the Associated models suggested by the 
Students and others. Frazer committee will be 

The Frazer report present· visible in the Chancellor's 
ed the Chancellor with four final decision." 
possible organizational The search for a new Vice 
models, each of which is Chancellor of Student 
acco~pa~ied wi.th t~e Affairs, to replace Richard 
commIttee s analYSIS of Its Armitage when he leaves 
strengt.h and weaknesss. UCSD next fall, wilt begin 
Also. dIscussed were areas pending a decision by 
conSIdered for transfer of Atkinson on the administra· 
respons.ibility . from ~he tive restructuring. The Vice 
AcademIC Affairs OffIce, Chancellor of Academic 
headed ~y Vice Chancellor Affairs post, vacated by Paul 
John MIles, to Student Saltman last year is now ' 
Affairs, under Vice Chancel- being filled by Mile~. 

Monday, January 12, 1981 

Kennedy 
named 
to post 

V. Wayne Kennedy, 
associate vice chancellor for 
health sciences and associate 
dean of the School of 
Medicine, has been named by 
Chancellor Richard Atkinson 
to. the newly created post of 
DIrector of Planning and 
Budget. 

The appointment is 
effective Feb. I, pending 
approval by the Regents at 
their Jan. 16 meeting in San 
Francisco. 

Kennedy joined the School 
of Medicine staff in 1973 after 
12 years at the University of 
Maryland. There, he served 
in the Department of Physics 
and Astronomy as assistant 
comptroller and, for three 
years as assistant dean of 
the University of Maryland 
School of Medicine. 

At UCSD, he has had 
overall administrative 
responsibility for the School 
of Medicine dealing with 
fiscal, bud~etary and 
planning actiVIties. He has 
also served on a number of 
campus, systemwide and 
federal committees on fiscal 
and government affairs. 

As head of the new Office of 
Planning and Budget, 
Kennedy will bring together 
the budget office and the 
departments of academic 
planning, administrative 
liaison with the UCSO Board 
of Overseers and the UC 
systemwide administration. 

Kennedy has served as 
national chairman of the 
Association of American 
Medical Colleges' group on 
business affairs and its 
professional development 
oommittee. He is currently a 
member of the UC system-
wide committee on research 

m~ent, the national ' 
oommlttee on governmental 
relation board of manage-
ment and a consultant to the 
federal Bureau of Health 
Manpower. 

Students 
to China 
. A handful of UCSD 

students will have the rare 
C?J>portunity to visit Mainland 
China this summer and to 
greatly enhance their 
knowledRe of the lan~age 
and culture of Chrnese 
society. 

The trek. which has been 
in the planning stages for 
over a year. will last five to 
six weeks - from mid:June to 
late July - and parti~pants 
will include 26 UCSO 
students and four faculty 
members. 

Women'~ workshoJ: on sexuality 
and gynecology to be held Jan. 31 

A "Well-Woman Work-
shop" on gynecology and 
sexuality will be heTd from 
8:30 am to 5 p'm, Jan. 31. at 
the La Jolla VIllage Inn on La 
Jolla Village Drive. 

The reproductive medicine 
faculty at the Med School will 
present the workshps, with 
K.B. Lim, MD, coordinating. 
Topics include an update on 
birth control, sterilization 
and its reversal. menopau e, 
gynecological cancer, 
nutrition for women, 
hysterectomies, the "0 and 

COO and how to advise teens 
about sex and contraception. 

According to Lim, the 
workshop is designed to 
provide "answers to the 
everyday questions all 
women have about their 
bodies and their health. We'll 
share with them the most 
recent advances in gynecol· 

. ogy and talk about how the 
body functions during 
differ,ent phases of a 
woman's life." 

Speakers at the workshop 
include William Schwartz, 

MD, and Patly Rosen, RNP, 
on counseling teens about sex 
and birth control; John 
Willems, MD, on recent 
advances in cancer screening 
and treatment; Vicky 
Newman, MS, RD, on 
nutrition for women· and 
Lim, an micr~surgery to 
reverse steri lization. an'd 
infertility. 

The workshop fee is 525 
although discounts ar~ 
available for groups, senior 
citizens and nursing 
students. 

Monday , January 12, 1981 The Guardi .. n 5 

Lijphart to study S. Africa 
continued frum P8llc 1 
giving the examples of 
Holland, Switzerland and 
Belgium. Usually during the 
questioning period people 
~ were smart enough to see the 

parallels. 

Party of South Africa and 
the African National 
Congress, which has been 
banned from that nation. 
Lijp'hart sees a logic in this: 

'This commission is so 
broadly representativeofthe 
people in that region that if 
some kind of a consensus 
proposal is to be made, I 
think it can be expected to 
have a lot of uppott." 

However, he is "not too 

optimistic'· that the 
Buthelezi Commission will 
have favorable influence on 
public policy in South 
Africa. "If you asked me how 
I would rate the chances of 
having a peaceful demo-
cratic solution in South 
Africa, then I would say that 

there·~ less than a 50 percent 
chance." 

And what if the commis-
sion recommends that 

KwaZulu become an 
independent country, ~hich 
is what the National Party 
wants? "If the commission 
would go that way, then at 
the very least I would 
descend from such a thing 
and would resign from the 
commission," he asserts. 

Lijphart does not plan to 
become active in the 
Buthelezi Commission until 
this summer. 

Arend Lijphart 

"That visit brought me in 
touch with a number of 
South African academics, 
politicians and editors of 
newspapers. Gradually my 
ideas became better known 
in South Africa." 

He has been to South 
Africa three times since 
then. 

US needs no auto quotas 
Puck is 
a Fellow 

Theodore T . Puck, director 
of the Eleanor Roosevelt 
Institute for Cancer Research 
and the Florence R. Sabin 
Laboratories for Genetic and 
Developmental Medicine. has 
been named a Fellow of the 
Los Alamos National 
Laboratory. 

Puck's fileds of interest are 
biochemistry, biophysics and 
genetics. 

I.D.'s 
5 minutes IS all It takes to 
make your driver's license 

quality photo I.D. card. 
Also available: laminations, 
printing, passport photos, 
business cards. singing 
telegrams, press and 
photographer passes, 
employee /.D. cards, and 

laminations. 
AnthonYs 

Photo I.Do's 
4711 Clalremont 

MaaIMt. 
177-1116. 

Diane shoppi~ Certer ~irs -
. 1 mile west of 1-805 

Weekend !'lasses 
Saturday 5 pm 

SUnday 8:30 and 
10:30 am. 5 pm 

IDle Stady 
Tuesday ~enlngs 9 pm 

Services a~ Mid at UnlY, 
Lutheran Church. 9S95 ~ 

Jolla Shores DrIve 

Lijphart assumes that he 
will be involved in the 
subcommittee on constitu· 
tional and legal changes, 
though he has not received 
official word on that yet. But 
he is sure that his 
recommendations are "not 
going to be a surprise to the 
commission." 

When forming the 
commission. which consists 
of academics, politicians and 
religious leaders of South 
Africa, Buthelezi sent 
invitations to groups as 
extreme as the National 

continued from page 3 
production from seven' US· 
operated auto plant in 
Canada i exported to the 
United States. Ford and GM 
operate manufacturing 
facilities in the Unit ed 
Kingdom, Australia. West 
Germany, Mexico. Brazil and 
Colombia, not to mention the 
extensive cooperative 
arrangements with auto 
producers in Japan . In its 
1979 Annual Report , GM 
announced plans for new 
plants in Spain and Au tria. 
and noted that ·'total 

10CXt discount on 
wine Ind beer with 

UCSD stucknt and/or 
staff ID', 

s"le Items excepted Offer Sood 
thru 31 Januory. 1961 

An extensive selection of fine wines 
from around the world ... 

We 8Iso fau-.: 
domestic and imported beer and ale 

unique gifts and cards 

~----Open:------, MDELMIt-
(on orders of 

S25.00 or more) 
7 ~m to 11 pm weekdays 

7 am to 12 midnight Fri & SM 

455-1414 
MastO'cdI'd 

VISA 
Pc"'"'" Ch«k, 

3151 HoIIcMv Court 
(across from Bank of America) 

within welking distance of UCSD. L.... ___ .",h 10 -

Attention UCSD --------"------
Students, Faculty 

and Staff: Suzy Reese 

ate now at: 

(formerly of the Magic Razor) 
and 

Jim Newkirk 
> In~:u;:;t r Poofessoonol Hal ond 51<", Core Solon -

,-------------------------, I offer good only $10 for men (reg. $15) , 
I with Suzy Reese and $15 for women (reg. $20) , 
, Jim Newkirk until $11 off body WftU , 
: January 26, 1981 (reg. 540 and up) : 

~-------------------------
Tuesday thru Saturday 

10 am to 7 pm 
call for appointment 

457-" 

Convernently located 
5 minutes from UCSD in the 

La Jolla Village Professional Center 
InO VI ..... Jou. DrIft 
..... 1110 (top ftoor) 

invest ment in these and 
other European facilities will 

~xceed $2 billion. the largest 
over eas expan s ion ever 
undertaken by GM .. · 

Yet al the same lime as 
they are pouring billions of 
dollar!:> into foreign opera· 
tions , the Big Three continue 
to complain about rising 
import shares of the US 
market , and to demand 
mandatory import quotas. 
And as new plants rise in 
Mexico and Spain and 
Austria and elsewhere, the 
US plant . which are in dire 

Complete fO( only 
Single Vision iftft95 

Glasses ... :&? 

need of modernizat ion, 
conversion or rebuilding, are 
being closed. 

Obviou Iy. this pattern is 
not calculated to ha!o'len the 
re·employment of the roughly 
300,000 UAW members now 
on layoff. nor is it consistent 
with induslry emphasis on 
t he need for capital in order to 
lift 1 he US auto industry out 
of its current doldrums. 

In sum. if the domestic 
auto industry has suffered 
injury from imports. a 
significant caus~ lies in the 

pleaMe tum to palCe 16 

Alta OptIGli 
819 Academy 
Solana Beach 

481-1453 
Wide Selection of Frames to Choose From 

Bring Your Eye Doctor's Prescription to Apex Optical 

Featuring: 
Ray-Ban 

Ambermatic 
Prescription All-Weather Sunglasses For 

Skiing and All Outdoor Activities 

. 5 

I 
- ___ 0pIIu1 

on 
MOlt 

Pracrlptions 

In Preparation for Europe 
(lEE Student Travel 
~_5_U_g_g_es_ts_:_ 

01 Get)QUr p.lSsport now ."d /!VOtd • Ions wall (we """" applications) 

02 PICk UP a 1981 Stuoent Toavel Caralog at OUt off,ct 
It has Informd"on on NISi'S. r.,lpasseS. toots and IY'<JCn more 

03 Get It,e Intemelt'anal Studtnt ID cllfd Tht appllCtlOOS 
are "' the Student Travel Center (wnen gettl"9 PlSSPOOl pho(os 

set an e><tr. ant for the ID card ) 

04 Read one 900d booI< on lne 'HaC s) )QU pkln to VIS!t (we 
n...-e some In our offICe for tne bud~ tr_lff ) 

os Antnd OJ( Toavel Fa~ at the oeg,nrvng ol f tOlUOl\l 
(Warcn for Date Ilt1d Pldce) 

(1/ 8uy IIWr dl~"'Ot tlCltet~ " ",I)! $0 )OIl can <MlOd fuel surcharges 
and CXhet H'Cre~ 

Our office Is IoaIted In the 5tudlnt CcnW, nat 
to EDNA. We ... open Mon-Frt':30-11:3O and 

1 :»4:30 ...... : 4H-G630. 
AIle to be on our mIIIlnIl .... 



8 

Weekly 
c.lendar 
Services 
v.ea •• Beog and Cal Grant i!ppIications now being 
ICD!pQ!d ror ~ nert school trrm. Freeaid In fillin gout form 
a1d \h'. questions ~ call \I!'terans olllce at 4483 
and INIIe a message ror Ken, or call Educalonal Talent 
5NrctI. 297-+t71 ban appo/t 1b.1t't It. 

MONDAY 
.. 8:00 am - 4:30 pm OASIS Writing Center offers free 
seMce for all UC:SO students who need ~ng hefp, 
coletetas on drafts, and editing acMce. We engage ~ 
kind d wrfting and ~ kind of writing problem. 
CDiletetlce5 ;n ~ appoinrrnent only. call 452-2294 or 
cone by 4010 USB to mate an appoinrment Ser\lice 
..... tIIe aI quatUr. 
.. iii. 9:00 RI!III!IIe HumanIties BraInstorm: Small grot.4) 
dISS far RN!fIe students enrolled in Humanities Sequence 
128 AmI!son seaKn ~ for writing directed at 
ytJ4I pattic:uIar assiS11menl CJass ITIM5 In 4070 USB.· 
SpoIISOted by ~S WI1dng Cemr. BraInstorm session will 
meet ~ Mondct( at 9:00 for ~ q~. 
1.'.a __ IO am ~I/e Humanities Assignment 
ihlr61DIII: SIMI group class tor RNI!IIe studenls enrolled 
In tunanItles Sequence 128 Jadcson Section. Preparation 
for writing drecWd at )OUr partia.l1ar assigrmenL CJass 
rneeI5 In 4070 USB. Sponsored ~ Q\S/S WrItIng Center. 
IhIt D1Dt'm session wiI me« f!VI!f'J ~ at 10:00 for ~ 
~. 
,.".IO-Informal advising · sessions with the 
COOIdt IIIOr'S lor bioIogiQI and heallh sclences. For help In 
CIIftf' pili •• Ig. Job tu1tIng. and proleslonitl school 
prep. alien. Sft Ellen Moran or BettI ~. No 
rppoIt lII.itiG ;n necessary. Please call to confirm open 
hours .. being hetd. At ~ PlannIng and Placement. 
1058 ...... 1Ities Ubrary. 

I.~ Towget Study Skills Seminar CCNering nme 
~ I!tII!tY hour on the hour from 10 to 3 in 4010 
usa. IrIdIIItcbIIlnsIrUCtionCM1llab1e. caJI452-2294 or come 
by 4010 USB for more 1nbmatIon. Services are free. 
lIa»taID-&t VIncent de PaJl Clottling Dr~. students 
... fa:uIly will ~ the opportunity to drop off old 
pmena for 1M D( ttlosI! In rwd. Also Information about 
the S\idt Qn be obrMned D( ~ inlrrested YOIun~, at 

~PIara. 

The Guardian 

I"'~rcmmar Moses HotHne : A grammar hot line fJh<Jne-
in ~e for ~ with diction. grammar i¥1d pt.nCtuation 
problems. To reach Grammar ~ call 452-2294 
between I and 4. Mo~Friday. Sponsored D( OASIS 
Writing C~r. Ths seNice is available all quarter. 
I 01 J-aASIS Speed Readng Classes. Class meets twice 
~kIy for one hour tor a total of six ~ks to imprO\le 
rh)'ttlmic ~ ~ment. paragraph structure. readng with 
a purpose and etrident habits. Class starts rod~. and ~ 
in 4010 USB at I or 2. A screen test will be given at thr first 
meeting. lndilAdual instruction is available if you camot 
maier !he times offered. Services are free. lie enroIlmMt 
acceJUd. At 4010 USB. 
7-9-Records D( Nina O·Cain. opening of art eJCh/bit at 
Mandellille Annex Gallefy. 

1UIISMY 
"10-8:00 - 4:.30 pm. OASIS Writing Center otfefs free 
seMce for all UCSD students INho need pre-writing help. 

confer~ on chfts. and editing acMce. We engage any 
kind ot writing and a~ kind of lMiting prcblem. 
Confe'er1ces are ~ appointment only. call 452-2184 or 
come ~ 4010 USB to make an appointment SeNlce 
availablr aU quarter. 
'.,J noon....()o )'Ou need help In pteparing for job 
inteMews 1 Some ~ on the best ways to present }lOUt 
qJalillcations and what kind of inteNlew questions to 
expect. A.ttrnd the ..bb /ntef'oliNling WorIcshop at the 
Intormal loll1ge. ReYelIe College. I\b sigl ups are 
necessaryl 
1I •• ,J.1O-St. VIncent de Paul Clodllng Drive. Students 
and faculty will have the opportunity to drop ol'f old 
garments tor use ~ those in rwd Also information about 
the SVd' can be obtained ~ a~ intl!res~ IoOlurttrers. At 

R~11e Plaza. 
12 noon-Student Ernp/<¥nent at ~SO: An opportunity 
to lind at.( how to get a.Job while you're a student here. 
lam how to u aeate" }'Our OIMlIlYOrk-Study job; IM1at are 
your ri~ as a student ~1~lis Walker will haI.<e 
the answers; )'Ou bring )OUr concerns and questions. 
Sponsored D( Third College and the Student Emploryment 
Of'/Ice. At ~ Certer tor the People (beneath Third Snack 
BarJ. 
I 01 J-<>ASlS COfT1Jf'ehension Workshop. Class tnee!S 
once weekly for one hour for a total of eight weeks to 
improI.4! /n-de!pth comprehension, paragraph structure, 
YOCabuIary~Iopment, main ideas, eval~on, i~e. 
and some emphasis on speed. Class starts Tuesday January 
13 at lor 2 , IndMdJallnstruction is available if you camot 
make the time otferM. Class meets in 4010USB. Senlices are 

~. Late enrollment accepted. 
I~rammar Moses Hotline: A grammar hotline ptlclre-
in service for ~ with diction. granmer and punctuation 

Monday, January 12, 1981 

problems. To readl Grammar Moses. call 452-2284 
between the hours of I and 4. Monday - Friday. Sponsored 

~ OASIS \Xhiting Center. ThG service is available all quarter. 
ZI~SIS t.pper [)vision ,\djunct Class. For transfer 
students. Focus on short term papers. r~arch methods. 
composition. punctuation and organization. Class starts 
Tues, 1/13 and rlM'lS for eight ~ks. Meet in USB 4070. Late 
enrollment accep~. 
JIOO--<lASIS Wliting English as a Second Language Class. 
Focus on assi9"1menrs in regular academic courses. Spedal 
focus on writing ~ive English sentences. Class starts 
Jan. 13 and n.ns for eight weeks. Meet in USB 4070. Late 
enrollment accepted. 

_DNnMY 
1110-8:00 - 4:30pm, QA.SlS Writing Center ol'fers free 
service tor all UCSO students who need pre-writing help, 
conferences on drafts, and editing a<Mce. We engage a~ 
kJnd of writing and any kind of writing problem. 
Conferences are D( appointment only. Call 452-2294 or 
come D( USB 4010 to make an appointment. Service 
available all quarter. 
.... IG-Open hours w,lthe Pre-L.aw~Management 
AdviSOf'. o-op by for informal acMsing sessions focusing 
particularly on Counseling Management for School 
Admissions. At Career Plaming & Placement. HlI058. free. 
'."IJO-Job Strategies Workshop. Covers the 
fl.ndamentals of job tulting from identifying etIl'ioyers to 
salary negotiation. At Inbrmal Lounge, Revelle. 
,.100so-Re\.<e/le Humanities A.ssi!11ment Brainstorm: 
Small grOl,f) class tor Reve~ students enrolled In 
Humanities Sequence 118 \Merschin section. Preparation for 
writing ditectrd at )'Our particular assigvnent. Class meets 
in 4070 USB. Sponsored D( OASIS Writing Center. 
Brainstorm session will meet every WectlesdcPf at 10 for thr 
quaner. 
11-1 Zl~ & Bisexual Men's SUpport Group: A new 
support grOl,f) is forming for men who are exploring 9i'i 
and bisexual Issues. The groups will start on Wednesday, 
Jan 14 from 11-12:30. Space is very limited. so call 452-3755 
and ask for Becca 0( Howard for info., sign-upand location. 
Facilitator Howard Leonard, Counseling & Psychological 
Services. 
111M-11M-St. Vincent de Pa.Il Clothing Dr~. Students 
and faculty will hcive the opportunity to drop off old 
garments for use by those in ~. Also information about 
the SVdP can be obtained by any interested IoOlunteers. At 

R~lIe Plaza. 
, ... -<3rarnmar Moses Hotline: A grammar hotfine phone-
in seNice for help with diction. grammar and purlCtuation 
problems. To reach Grammar Moses, call 452-2284 

please tum to pale 7 

SOFT 
CONTACT LENSES CIEE LIfe In the dorm an be .. most like home If you ..... 01 lea.,., •• rtght In your IOOIft. At thIM prices, there', no 

... on wIIr you shouldn't. 

Special offer: 

$150 
Robert M. Heller, 0 .0 . 
La JolI~ Village Square Mall 
Lower Level 
452-7374 

Prepare for: 

includes: 
soft lenses - care kit 

Plano sunglasses 
follow up care 
~nd examination 

IMIIch & Lomb 
softens Met 

IUpplles .. liable 

Student TICIYeI 
=== Services=== 

is row 
accepting applications 

for the position 
of travel assistant. 

Pick up an application 
at ClEE, located in the 
Student Center next to 

EDNA. The deadline fof 
NtumIng the application 
forms is January 16, 1981 . 

mCIT.DIT.LSIT.OmAT 
GRE.ORE PSYCH. ORE BID 
PCAT .OCAI.UAT .mAT • SAT 
nma I. II. m. ECFmG. FLEX. UUE 
NDB l.n.NPB I·NLE 
Flexible Programs & Hours Join our classes now 

to prepare for 
~-------exams----~--~ 

For information aDout the o~ cent~s in more 
than 80 major U.S. cities and abroad, 

~~. 
MPIAN 

EDUCATIONAL CENTER 
nST PREPAAATION 

SPECIALISTS SINCE .938 Call toll free: 
800-223-1782 2180 Gamet, PaeJftc Beach 

OWN YOUR OWN ... CllRATOR 

[~: 2.0 cu ft. Norcold 1?8.00 plus tax 
4.2 cu ft. Sanvo 598.00 plus tax 

COiiIIIct 
GrtMorgan 

(714) 264-, 506 

$8 Precision Haircut 
======- ~==;:;;::=:::= 

The 

(includes shampoo. conditioner ~ cut) _ ........ .-
ror guys and gals at 

la Jolla CUTfII'fG Company 

r
eall for 
appolnbnent. 

737 reart Street 
.. JoIIaI 456-1170 
4766 rolnt l.onIa AYe. 
rolDll.olIII" l:Z~7 

r---Coupoll---, 
I I 
, blow cby Included I 
I with coupon. I I Long hair $2 ellil I 
I (or blow dry. I 
I I 
I (coupon good pton. TlIIn only) I L __________ .J 

Mondll}'. January 12. 191'41 

calendar 
continued from page 6 
betWeen I and 4, Mond.:fy-Friday. Sponsored by OASIS 
Writing Cente~. This se",!ce is available all quarter. 
Z-J:JO-Informal advising sessions with the coordinators 
for biological and health sciences. For help in career 
planning, job hunting, and profesSional sctnol preparation, 
see Ellen Moran or Beth Gex. No appointments are 
necessary. Please call to confirm open hours are being held. 
At Career Planning & Placement, 105B HL 
Z:3H-"Ouick appointments" (15 mins. long) withe Pre 
Law/Pre Management Advisor designed to give you 
personal attention without an undue wait. Focusing on 
admissions to Law Schools and Management Programs. 
Come in and sign up at Career Planning and Placement, 
1058 HL 
J-S-There will be a study skills INOrkshop geared toward 
Pllipino and Asian freshman and sophomore students In 
lIIIhich upper-division students from various majors can be 
used as resource persons. Hopefully the workshop will be a 
medium through lMlich evaluations of the past quarter can 
be discussed. At Revelle Informal lounge. 

.....:50~eIIt'lie Humanities Brainstorm: Small group class 
for Revelle students enrolled In Humanities Sequence lOB 
Mosshammer section. Preparation for writing directed at 
your particular aSSignment. Class meets in 4070 USB. 
Sponsored D( OASIS Writing Center. Brainstorm session will 
meet every Wednesday at 4 for the quarter. 

THURSDAY 
8:JO-8:00 - 4 :30, OASIS Writing Center offers free seNice 
for all UCSO students wt10 need pre-writing help, 
conferences on drafts, and editing advice. We engage a~ 
kind of writing and any kind of writing problem. 
Conferences are ~ appointment only. Call 452-2284 or 
come tit USB 4010 to make an appointment. Service 
available all quarter. . 
11-' ':SO-OASIS Writing Adjunct Class. Focusonin-class 
writing, discussion and subsequent redrafting. Practice in 
editing drafts for word choice, sentence variety, 
grammatical, mechanical. and spelling errors. Meet in USB 
4010. Late enrollment accepted. 
11 :»1:JO-St. Vincent de Paul Clothing Drive. Students 
and faculty will have the opportunity to drop off old 
garments for use ~ those in ~. Also information about 
the SVdP can be obtained by any interested IoOlunteers. At 
ReIIt'lIe Plaza. 
12 noon-lhe Transfer Connection."Some AnS\l\lers for 
Transfers: Recent Third College transfer students are invited 
to an Informal sesS/OI1 planned to help ~u with decision-
making. identifying resources. and to deal with any 
concerns )'Ou may have as transfers to Third College. This is a 
perfect opportunity to meet some folks tool Pleasejoin.usjn 
the Center tor the People (beneath the Snack Bar). 
, ... -Grammar Moses Hotline: A grammar hotline phone-
in service for help with diction, grammar and punctuation 
problems. To reach Grammar Moses. call 452-2294 
between the hours ot 1 and 4, Monday-Friday. Sponsored 
D( a-.SIS \X!ti[ing Center. This service is available all qua~r. 
J-l--Resume-Writing Workshop: Introduction to resume 
writing AJr Engineering and Physical Science students. Start 
the process here then have }Qur resume critiqued In open 
hours. At the Informal lounge, Revelle College. 
J-liJO-Intormal acMsing sessions with the coordinators 
for biological and health sciences. For help In career 
planning, job hunting, and professional s<hooI preparation 
see Ellen Moran or Beth Gex. No appointments are 
necessaIY. Please call to confirm open hours are being held. 
At career Planning & Placement, 105B HL 
PlllDAY 
"M--8:00 - 4:30 QIl.SIS Writing Center offers free service 
for all UCSO students INho need pre-writing help, 
conferences on drafts, and editing advice. We engage a~ 
kind rJ writing and a~ kind of writing problem. 
Conferences all! ~ appointment only. call 452-2284 or 
come ~ 4010 USB to make an appointment. SeNice 
available all quarter. 
.... ,0-open hollS withe Pre-L.aw~Management 
AdvisOr. Drop in for informal advising sessions focusing 
particularly on colllselig for Law School Admissions. At 
Career Planning & Placement, 1058 HL 

I~ammar Moses Hotfine: A grammar hot~ne phone-
in srrvice for hq) with diction, grammar and punctuation 
problemS. To rrach Grammar Moses, call 452-2294 
between 1 and 4 Monday-Friday. Sponsored D( Q\SIS 
writing Center. Ths service is available all quarter. 

Religion 
1WSlMY 
7paiI-TGIT (Thank God It's T~J, a relaxed. yet 
challenging ti~ with UCSO Christians. Come join us as we 

~ UCSO with the claims of Ctwist. Sponsored D( 
C~ Crusade for Christ. in HL 1402. 
.-Cathollc BIble Study at Unillefsit¥ Lutheran Church. 
9595 La Jolla Shofe Dr. 

ntURSDAY 
7 ..... ~an Inquirers SemInar begins, led D( 
GI"1lUS paslDr John Huber, all are wekome at the Iourlge 
of lkMrsity Lutheran Church. 9595 La Jo~ Shores Drive, 
next to Revelle College. 

IAnlllDAY 
.... -CatnollC Mas at UnIversity Lutheran Church. 

Tht· (;uanliull 

SUNDAY 
':Jo.m-Catholic Mass at Unlllt'rsity Lutheran Church. 
to-The UCSD Gospel Choir will be featured during the 
Lutheran INOrship hour. Open to all. at University Lutheran 
Church. 
'O:JO-Cathohc Mass at Unlllt'rsity Lutheran Church. 
, Z noon-Episcopal Eucharist. Baptism and Confirmation. 
Bishop WOlterstorff officiating. At University Lutheran 
Ch.lrch. 
S-Catholic Mass at UniverSity Lutheran Church. 

7lJO~ilm and prayer on Christian Unity. beginning with 
coffee at 7. Intended especially for Catholic. Episcopal and 
Lutheran students. but open to all. At University Lutheran 
Church. 

Meetings 
MONDAY 

ZIJ~4-Re-entry Student Support Group will meet on Jan. 
12 and ellt'ry Monday during the quarter at 2:30 to share 
~ur experiences and gain support. Co-facilitated tit Dan 
Io/an of Counseling and Psychological Services and Sue 
MacRenato, Warren College AdVisor. In the Rfllelle 
Informal Lounge. 

J-UEO Special Events meeting in the North Conference 
Room, Student Center, Bldg. B. 
6-Ski Club Meeting (bring pictures from Aspenl) in HL 
1438. 
7-9-H.E.LP .• a special meeting sponsored by the Health 
Experience Learning Program at University HoSpital, to 
provide interested students with the opportunity to sign up 
for volunteer work in a variety of medical specialty areas. For 
additional information contact Beth Gex or Ellen Moran at 
the Career Planning OffICe, HL 105B. Meeting to be held in 
BSB 2100. 

7~ay Students Union, first meeting of the new year. All 
welcome. At North Conference Room. 

7:10-This is the first meetil'lg of people who are interested 
in playing and/or learning how to play bridge. In the North 
Conference Room. 

ruESDAY 
SI~ircle K meeting, we are working with Special 
~cs and helping the elderly. Come pin us. an excellent 
program is plannedl See )'Ou therel In the Revelle Formal 
Lounge. 
61JO-Outing Club meetingl Bring in )OUr slides from fall 
quarter and break for the winter slide show. Rnd out about 
Nordic Skiing So. Cal Style {sand skiing?), desert camping, 
clirrbing In Joshua Tree ... Ice skating party after meetingl 
Everyone welcomel In RIIJ, Gym. Conf. Rm. 
61JO-Union of Jewish Students Meeting: Important 
planning meeting tor winter quarter activities. The agenca 
Includes, seder plans, spring conclave, m<Me plans. For 
more information please call 452-3616. In the Graruate 
,student Conference Room. 
':JO-Spanlsh Club: Marguerite Mizrahi-Morron will 
speak on "Spanish Oral Traditions" in Beagle Hall 
Apa~. 

WEDNESDAY 
12 noon-UEO Ethnic and Cultural Arts committee 
mel!l:ing in North Conf. Rm, Student Center, Bldg. B. 
i-warren CoHege Council permanent meeting time for 
thr quarter will be Wednesdays'at 5 in \IVC 405. interviews 
tqr Warren College AS Rep at 5:30 pm, Jan 14 in WC 405. 
See ~ therel 
7-1<SOT general staff mtg. For all IIIIho are interested in 
radio this will be an orientation meeting to let you get 
iflloOived. At KSDT studios, Student Center. 
7-french Club: Join us on a visit to the Ken Cinema to see 
Claire de femme and Z. Meet in the Beagle Hall Lounge at 7. 
7-fOCUS student phone helpline training. Orientation 
Wed. 14th or n-tJrs. 15th. Learn how to help other students 

~ IM>rking on our phones. In the Revelle Community 
Center. 
8lJO-German Club: Film Nosferatu (original versionJ in 
Revelle Formal Lounge. 

lHUIISDAY 
1 '-lJEO Dance/Drama meeting in playback center, HL 
Library. 

7~srael Programs Faif: If)OU are interested in kibbutz or 
tQuring programs, ui1dergrac1Jate or gradJate study 
programs, I.YOrking in Israef, making a detour to or from 
Europe, or a/iyah, then this is the program for )'Ou. It can 
take time to plan a successful trip IX) Israel, so if)'Ou think 
that ~ might be interested in traveling to Israel within the 
next ff!W years, please join us. For more information, call the 
Israef .-.ction Corrm/ttre, 452-3616 for 452-EDNA.. In the 
Chancellor's Corrplex, Conference Room A . 
7-Education Abroad. Last pre-selection orientation 
session to see "1m on the program. ask quest.ons and'meet 
with returned students. Application deacJ/ine: January 23, 
l'il1l . In the lounge of the InternatIOnal Center. 
7-fOCUS student pnone he/pl1f1e training. Orientation 
tonight. all lIIe wekome. ~arn.how to help )'Our fellow 
students D( I.YOrk.ng on FOCUS. In Itle Revelle Community 
Center. 
7-St. Vincent de Paul introductory meeting.1vTy IntereSted 
IoOluntt'ers are IrMted to attend thiS meeting and learn 
aOOUt some 0' me services they can become Irl\IOIved with. 
Al Lutheran Communtty Church, across 'rom lJrey Hall on 
La Jolla Shores Drive • 

7 

FRIDAY 
12 noon~SUCSD lunch on the hump. Bring a brolMl 
bag and a friendl 
3-UEO Pop Events committee meeting. In South Cont. 
Rm. Student Center, Bldg. B. 

Entertainment 
1UESDAY 
6:30-Ice skating party following Outing Club meeting. 
It's only the second week, go out and have funl Rnd out 
about all the great trips you can go on during the ~ting in 
the Ret Gym Conf Rm. 
7-9-An ellt'ning of music - livel Featuring Mirror - future 
primitive sound at Che Cafe. 
THURSDAY 
7-Film: Women in Arms: Nicaraguan case commentary & 
discussion of film and Nicaraguan Revolution following film 
by producer and director of film. Victoria Schults in TLH 104. 
8-N1artin Luther King Commemorative Concert. UCSD 
Gospel Choir, Joseph Slade. director, and special guests. 
Reception tollows, Mandfllille Art Gallery showing of . 
Impressions/EXpressions: Black American Graphics in 
Mandfllille Auditorium. 

FRIDAY 
3:3CH-A fun afternoon/eIIt'ntng of upbeat jazz by the 
dea<ilbeat San Diego Brass and Electric at Walk's Place at the 
PUb. 

6:JO~neg Shabbat: All students are invited to join us for 
an evening of fun. This is a great way to meet other .JewIsh 
students on campus I Vegetarian potluck after the service. 
For more information call the UJSoffice, 452-3616 or Diane, 
299-4786. in the Chancellor's Complex, Conference Room 
A. 

7~uban films : "Portrait of Teresa" an engrossing study of 
an intelligent young INOman who is convinced. against all 
opposition" .that she is entitled to a life as a human being.-
Judith Christ, Saturday R~ew. Also: "Death of a 
Bureaucrat " In uproarious movie. "Death of a Bureaucrat 
gilIt'S life to laughter" -Gene Shalic. NBC-TV. In TLH 107. 

SAtURDAy 
5..-d skllng7 or wtuIt to do during a Californian 
drouthll BrIng -.y old .-cay .11 ,..., .... to 
scour d ...... ..-d we Iuiw ..... 11 eo ... allO. 
TI .... Mel IocMIon eo ... ......uncM • OIIIIng 
Club ......... ,..,.... 6110 ... a,nt~ ...... 

.Sports and 
Recreation 
MONDAY 
n.. Archery CUb hal Open Shoot .. I day eve". 
...., dill week on .... UCSD ArcMry ..... 
7 .... -E~ry Monday through Frldayl Coed UCSO Cycling 
Team's training rides for anyone irterested in early morning 
exercise of training for intercollegiate cycling season. 
Women are encouraged to join. at the UCSD Bike Shop. 

'~1 Z:45-Noon Conditioning will meet for practice every 
day this week, starting at 12 in the Wrestling Room of the 
Main Gym. 
"'I-The Table Tennis Club is holding practice every day 
from 4-5 in the Rec. Cont. Rrn. 
4-6-The Gymnastics Club wiU be holding practice every 
day starting at 4 on the South Bakony of the Main ~1T1. 
H-The Karate Club Ii>Ids practice t~ at 5 on thr 
North Balcony of the Main Gym. 
5-6-I<arate Class Int/!dV. meets ellt'ry day this week at 5 
on the North Balcony of the Main Gym. 
5-7-Yoga class meets t~ at 5 in the Adaptive Room. 
Class fee 515. 
6-The Snow Ski and Grass Ski Clubs will meet tonight at 6 
in HL 1438. Come and join inl 
61JO-1-Massage Class meets today at 6:30 in thr 
Wrestling Room. Class fee S12. 
.... -Jazz Dance Classes meet today. Begiming One at 6. 
Performance at 7:30. Both meet on the North Balcony of the 
Main Gym. Class fee 512. 
7-9-The Gung Fu Club will be holding a practke session 
today at 7 in the Adaptive Room d the Main Gym. 
.,o-The Israeli Folkdance Club will hold a practicr 
tonight. starting at B in the Ret Conf. Room. 

TWSDAY 
.'0Mn-The Wrestling Club will be mel!l:ing for practice 
today at Sam. Old wrestlers are needed.joIn us for some re-
conditioning in the wrestling room of the main gym. 
1 ~ I JI4S-Noon Conditioning meets for praalc.e in tIIr 
\Met""", Room ot ~ Main Gym. 
.... -~ ~tia Club mem on the Sou'" 8a1rD19~ 
the Main Gym. 
H-I(arate Club meets on !he North Balcony of the MiIft 
Gym. 
5-1141-The .Aldo Club wiN hold practice boIh T~ 
and n-tJrsday. starting at 5 in the Wrestling Room In thr 
Main Gym. 
... 7-€xercise to Music Conditioning Class meets ~ at 6 
In the Nortt1 Balcony of the Main ~. Class lee 515-
6IJO-Ice Skating Party: sponsored tv 0UUng CU> 
irrmediately following the rrwtIngl Ewt)orr Mt:anll!. 
meet at Rec. Ciym Cont. Rm. 

1)1&'1114(' turn 10 .... 12 



8 Thl' Guardian 

UCSD's Negyesy, Lytle 
to display music talent 

Violinist Janos Negyesy 
and pianist Cecil Lytle 
interpret works by represen-
tative American composers, 
Thursday.Jan. 22 at8pm, at 
the Mandeville Auditorium. 

The two UCSD facultv 

artists will play Ed Bland's .i. 
·For Violin" (1980), a US 
premiere; "Duo for Violinist 
and Pianist," by Christian 
Wolff; Steve Reich's "Violin 
Phase" for violin and pre· 
recorded tape (1976), a piece 

illustrating Reich 's use of a 
gradual shift of temporal 
relationships between live 
performance and tape; "Six 
Melodies for Violin and 
Piano," a work represent ing 
John Cage's no·frills 
approach to music; "Legatis· 
stmo To Be-.. " for violin solo 
by Maurice Weddington; 
Morton Feldman 's "Vertical 

Thou~hts." and Stephen 
Fisher s "Elegy for Septem· 
ber2,1975." 

Call 452·3229 for more 
information. 

F.eb, 1. Opening night 
performance will be at 8:30 
pm. Producing director Craig 
Noel is director. 

Playwright Williams. also 
known for his drama The 
Corn is Green. is an 
international thea rical star 
on stage and film as well as a 
stage director and author. 
Night Must Fall was written 
in 1935 for the London stage 
for him elf to portray the 
leading role. 

The Marquis Publlc 
Theater . 3717 India St.. 
welcome in t he New Year 
with a dynamic array of 
theater . Opening on 
Mainstage Jan. 16 will be 
Langston Hughes' Tambour: 
ines To Glory, the rousing 
black play with music still 

Around Town 

UCSO'. Janos Netyesy and Cecil Lytle. 

A unique dou lje theatrical 
presentation will be staged 
this month by the Old Globe 
Theatre . The Emlyn 
Williams suspense thriller 
Night Must Fall opens a four-
week engagement on Jan. 6. 
Playwright Williams will 
bring his solo performance 
Emlyn Williams as Charles 
Dickens to San Diego at 8 on 
Jan. 5 pm. and 10 am on]an. 6. 
Both will be staged at the 
California Theatre in 
downtown San Diego. 

Williams will perform 
dramatized scenes from 
novels and stories by the 
nineteenth century writer. 
Dickens is the author of such 
popular classics as A Tale of 
Two Cities, Great Expecta-
tions, Oliver Twist and A 
Christmas Carol. 

Nigltt Must Fall will be 
stage nightl~ except Monday 
at 8 pm plus Sunday 
matinees at 2 pm through 

" D 

t-

running on Broadway. 
Directed by Floyd Gaffney, 

. this streetwise fable of good 
vs. evil vibrates with the 
exuberant ounds of gospel 
music. st reet jive and the 
camraderie of the church 
social. 

The Gallery will feature 
the return of the highly-
acclaimed Sexual Perversity 
In Chicage by David Mamet, 
to run with The Tiger by 
Murray Schisgal. Due to open 
Jan. 30, both comedies dissect 
the exasperations and 
reward s inherent in 
contemporary social and 
sexual relationships. 
Directed by Tavis Ross, they 
will playas companion 
pieces. 

Write arts 
Want to write for the 

Guardian? The arts depart-
ment is always looking for 
talented writers. 

0 

0 0 
" 

il 

o 

o 

... 

TIll' Gllardian 

It's st a '9 to 5' job to some, but it'~ fun 

Jane Fonda, Lily 

Fonda, Tomlin and Parton bring life to world of secretaries 

I 
I 
-

-

-

and Dolly Parton star in 9 to 5, now showing at the Fashion Valley 4 Theatres. 

~ O. 
, 

• o 

9 Tu 5 is a: about a. pro· 
femini st as a film can g t. 
The men are depicted as 
chau\'enistic. sex·s tar ed 
dop s, while t he women are 
port rayed as s teely ·eyed. 
assertive individuals. And 
the audience will love every 
minute of it. becau e for all 
i I. blat ant Iy exaggerated 
·tereotypes. unrepea table 
sex is t slurs and annoyi ngl y 
truthful comment·aries on 
the secretarial world. th 
picture is fun to watch. 

Direct or Col in Higgins 

change the quote to "That 's 
her!" as the character build 
up her co nfid ence and 
independence in incidents 
such a her refusal to take 
back her ex-hu ·band. Dick. 

Lily Tomlin i ' in top 
comedic form a ' Violet. 
whose 12 year of employ· 
ment at Consolidated 
Companies have tagnated to 
gelli ng the bo s cup of 
coffee. Dolly Parton is fairly 
good in her debut as Doralee. 
the buxom housewife/career 
woman su bjected to the 

Film/Lynette Tom 
pays homage to the days 01 
Mack Sennett and Charlie 
Chaplin wit h his wacky tale 
about the working woes of 
novice secretary Judy Bernly, 
senior upervi sor Violet 
New · tead and pri va te 
secretary Doralee Rhode . 
The ir handling of s uch 
situations as a run·in with a 
belligerent xerox machine. 
marijuana-induced fantasie 
about the death of their boss. 
Franklin Hart . Jr., a nd 
stealing the wrong cadaver 
from the hospital deftl y 

howR t hat far ce and 
s lapstick aren't dead, jus t a 
little du ty from disuse. 

Viewers will regard Jane 
Fonda' appearance as Judy, 
the relatively meek divorcee 
who's never worked a day in 
her life. with an incredulous 
"That's her?", but will 

amorous advances of her boss 
and the company gossip 
a bout their nonex is! ant 
affair. 

Dabney Coleman and 
Elizabeth Wil on provide 
plenty of opportunitie for 
hisses and boos with their 
respective roles as the 
lecherous Mr. Hart and the 
company's general pain·in-
t he·you ·know -what. Roz 
Keats. 

9 Tu .5 won't convince 
women to join NOW or to 
promote legislation for better 
working conditions in the 
business office. but it may 
make male employers think 

. twice the next time they ask 
one of their secretaries to get 
a cup of coffee. 

9 Tu 5 is currently playing 
at the Fashion Valley 4 
Theaters. 

Od 
o o 

0 
J rantasy ribit Series o 

children. who lind a golden 

I'tbruary 24 

Golden Voyage of 
~ng There 
with Peter sellers and Melvyn Douglas 
plus Ambrose 8lerce's TIle lietum 
and Sky. 

o 
o 

o 

• 

• 

- . 

() 
o 

o 

January 20 

King of Hearts 
(I'rance. 1967) by Phillipe ck 1Iroca. 

C with Alan Bites. 
A lighthcaded antl-wu r IIItl-san1ty 
nlm in willclllll untrained WW1!01d1a 
Is sent In to cIduK a bomb III II'rencII 
town that·s supposedly bEen 
evacuated. When he (n'Ives • the 
tDwn!people haW! fted and tile 
Inmates 01 tile local asylum have 
taken their piau. 
The BedsittJng Room 
(llritaln. 1969) by RIchard Wter. willi 
Dudley JItoore and !'eta' Cook. 
A bizarre black comedy/fantasy about 
tile altmnath 01 World war III by tile 
director or A nard Dly'J IYfghl. nelp. 
1hm: I'fllJllrtelm. 
plus land and IIIrry ~ngdon In 
Sol"te,.,..,.. 

.January 27 In a candy bar and win I tour 

1be --:t::n gh Wonka 's mysterious .... _ I'actory as well IS IlIrrtlme 
(SIftden. 1 I by bIgmar IIn'la.lDlvofcllocolate. 1bcre'sacatchof 
wItJt .... \'011 Sydow. 
A dark. dIIturIIIng. chilling 
moody. mystaious. and 
magician COIIICS to tGn. 
trtc:ks an: pII)'!d with the 
InItad 01 minors or silk lilts. 

~~, by Kail JIIIzoillUChl 
A gIIOIIt storyAram11ke and 
IIrautIf'IIUy p/IotofppIIrd. 
plus ",... of "'~ IIoIIIes 
Kalka's 1k lINe. 
I'dIrua'y , 

mL'1:~'~ (USA. 19711 by Ptel Stuart.!J 
Wilder 
An unlikely 111m for Quaker 
produce. WIlly WoDU Is a 
against I.V .. gluttony. 
- you-name-It._ A c'.autlonary tale 
Charlie 8uckctt. Ind SCftfIII 

and styIlsII twist on!,..,.,t. 
stanley PkIon. a fry-<OOk at 

!Ie's madly In Iovt! with a 
(who Is completely 
to h18l1. decides he bas 

to 11ft ror and goes home to 
Enter Grorge Splgott 

). who trades seven wlslles 
"-turally. none 01 tile 

wodl out - tile nun sequence Is 
of all. 1be words Ire Jutle 

and W!lch plays Lust. 
vnlldN~"'''e ""IIS anc! uale 

Nlgbfs 

o 

11115 version of the clasSic fairy tale Is 
lush. poignant. stunning. beautiful 
and surreal. 
plus SoIIIell/llere ,,. ",..., ... " and 
I'knvt. 
I'ebruary 17 

5,000 ringers of Dr. 
T 
(USA. 1953) by Roy Rowland. with 
IIans Conrkd and Tommy REttig 
A perverse talc by Dr. Seuss. It nopped 
when It WIS released beCause parents 
weR afraid It would tcrrify their 
chlldml. It·s true tllat It·s filII or a 
chlld's puanola. oedipal conllicts and 
fw. but It·s also. almost unstlntlngly. 

Sinbad / 
(USA. 1974) with John Philip ~w and 
Tom 8aker. Special dkcts by Ray 
narryftausen. 
1be 1bief of BaGhdad 
(USA. HMO) by loltan ~. with 
Slbu and Conrad Vledt 
11115 version WIS a Jandmarilln 5p«1a1 
elfecU - It's tile one with huge 
spIde(s web. the giant 91'«11 genie on 
the beach. the nylng horst and the doll 
that hugs the Grand Vlz!u's victims to 
death. It·s also well written and well 
acted. enchanting. engaging. and 
beautiful to behold. 
plus 05ar Wllde 's TIte Selfis" OIMt. 

anti-adult Dr. T Is a meglomanlcal TuaUy. 7100 p.m .. lUI 107 
plano teacher who ImpriSOllS lommy $1.75 eadI nenlng 
and 499 other boys 50 that he 'lI have 
tilt ~.OOO nngers he needs for his _______ --'-___ .J 

rebruary 6. rrtcIay. 8100 p.m. 
Kurt Vonncgut's 
Happy Birthday 
Wanda June and 
Slaughter House 5 
plus11le Uttle Rascals' Dog lfuwn 
and 1lllde1iH. 
rellniary n. rrtday. 7:00 p.m, 

-=> 

All n., Ire $1.75 Ind will be 0 
Hown I. lllandnille Auditorium. 

University Events 
Box Office 452-4559 

monster plano. 
Curse of the cat Recent Releases 
People 
(USA. I~) by Robert Wise The Tin Drum 
This Is not a horror movie. but another 
view of the dark side of iii chlld 's 
Imagination . 
plus TIte IftII ""'oon and ~raI" 
IIfcIlo'ng IIoIn9 on '''e ,.,.,.d I'l00. 

o 
o 

cJ 

by Volker Schlondortr 
1979 Academy Award ror Best foreign 
rllm 
plus A Short "'Jlo" and iii JY;u1 
""'pII(p,.da "'m . 
..... uary Il. luesGy. 1100 p.m. 

Ia (age Alii folies 
by f.douard !'tollnlro 
plus Ibbert Benchley'S su u~ of. 
I'DI. and LI~ I,. • TI" ca,. . 
..... ary 16. rrlUy. 1100 p .... 

presented by the University Events Office 

o 

o 



The Guardian Monday, January 12, 1981 
'-

Men's basketball escapes 
tough Decentber schedule 
Cagers lose six/or a 4-9 record 

.......... 0.- Bedard. above. loes up for two point8 in 
NCeIIt ...... The Triton callen fared poorly in December 
.... CUI leady IIoId a 4-9 HIUIOII record. 

The Tritons lut year were cO-Champion8 of the NAIA 
District.OI Southern Division. Coach John Black say. hi. 
t_ needs to be more allre8sive to improve its sea80n. 

BY BOB McSPADDEN 
Although the December 

weather around town was 
unseasonably warm, UCSD's 
varsity basketball team was 
stung by a cold spell. 

The Tritons, co-champions 
of last years' NAJA District 
III Southern Division, started 
the new year at an even 3:3, 
but inconsi tent play has 
dropped that mark to 4-9. 

Head coach John Block, in 
his first year at the reins of 
UCSD, cites lack of 
aggression as one factor for 
the early season s lump_ 
"They just don't use their 
heads in many of our games," 
he reasons_ 

The varsity eagers began 
their season on a good note, 
downing a tough Pomona 
Pitzer 89-85 and the 
University of Redlands, 8..')-
81, to gain top honors in the 
La Jolla Classic Tournament. 

The Tritons then carried 
their 2-0 record to the two-
day Cal Poly San Luis Obispo 
tournament. The San 
Diegans fell hard in the first 
match against the host, 77-
39. The consolation match 
saw CSU Stanislaus edge 
UCSD 89-87, despite a season 
high 31 points by Gary 
Haynes for UCSD_ 

UC Berkeley pushed the 
Tritons' mark to 2-3 on Dec. 
8, winning 81-56. UCSD was 
down 38-30 at the half and 
never came back in the 

second half. 
In the home opener against 

Occidental College the 
Trit~ns narrowly won, 71-66, 
evemng their record at 3-3. 
Haynes was again outstan-
ding in the win, succeeding in 
II of his 17 field shots. Block 
complimented the team's 
performance, saying that 
members "played good ball 
and didn't lose their heads 
when it got close." 

In the LA Ba pti st 
Tournament on Dec. 19-20, 
UCSD dropped the first 
match against Pomona 
Pitzer, 68-66. The Tritons 
carried the game into double 
overtime before bowing by 
the two-point margin. 

In the consolation bracket 
UCSD eame back against 
host LA Baptist to win 64-52. 
Ha yne and teammate 
Sherman Johnson each 
pulled down 12 rebounds for 
the victors. 

UCSD's second home game 
matched the Tritons against 
the quick attack of laVerne 
which slipped by the home 
team, 75-72. 

The Tritons cut short their 
Christmas vacation Dec. 29-
30 to travel to Utah for the 
Southern Utah Tourney. In 
games against Southern 
Utah State and Cal Lutheran, 
UCSD was ousted 96-68 and 
93-69. 

On the following Saturday 
UCSD again lost, this time 

89-42 to Fresno State. An 82-
65 loss to the University of 
Redlands Wednesday night 
left the Tritons with their 
present 4-9 record. 

UCSD averages 67 points 
per ~ame, down from last 
year s record 83 points . 
Haynes and Johnson together 
supply a good portion of the 
Tritons' offensive power, 
averaging 16 and 13 points a 
game respectively. 

With 13 games remaining 
in regular seasotl play, Block 
is still optimistic. "We have 
10 days to practice before our 
next game_ I'm looking for 
ome improvement," he says. 

The varsity eager host 
Biola College this Saturday 
in the Main Gym at 7:30 pm. 
Sports writers 
needed 

If you enjoy campus 
sports, don't just sit on the 
sidelines as a spectator -
write for the Guardian sports 
department. We cover both 
intercollegiate and intra-
mural athletics, and are 
looking for more writers . . 

P.Lt:.A. * 
ii!iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiili!!iiiiiiiiiii .~ ~w r.ducaUoa. Association iiiiiiiiiiiiii 

~ 

presents a fRff: 

It's so easy 
to keep in 

touch. 
LSAT Prep Course 

beginning Wednesday at 4-:00 pm in 
USH 4010. 

Taught by ucSO·s Pre-Law Advisor. 
carrie Wilson. and OASIS Tutors. 

also, don't miss our 
fiRST WINTER MEETING 
Tuesday, January 13th 

at 4:30 pm in the 
International Center 

(wlnt Ind cheese will be served) 

Computer Center 
public terminals: 

Revelle College 
~OOO USB 
1568 HL 
Playback Ctr. HL 

Muir College 
User Area. AP&M 
1882 AP&M 
2115 Biology 
J 125(a,b,d P&L 

Third Colleae 
125 Media Center 

Warren Col\eae 
Blda 406 

Central Library 
4th floor 
5th floor 

University H"pltal 
CIIS CTF 

Monduy, Junuary 12, 1981 Th~ Guardian 11 

Polo finished second 
• In season wrap-up 

BY JIM AGRONICK 
"There's nothing like being part of UCSD's best ever 

w at erpolo team," exu Its sophomore waterpolo team mate Ken 
South. 

South, like the other Triton team players. is riding high 
aft er t he most successful season in UCSD waterpolo history. 
The Tritons ended their season with a 19-10 record and a 
strong second place finish in the California Collegiate Athletic 
As ociation playoff. . 

The days of playing easy games to improve their won-loss 
stat is! ics are over, and UCSD has now established itself as a 
powerful competitor in Southern California. 

"What has happened this year lays the groundwork for 
, what is to come in the future," says Coach Denny Harper_ 

"We have the potential to be the most competitive team ever 
in San Diego in terms of competing against the top-level 
schools. We are capable of playing tough games against any of 
the nation's best teams." 

Harper, a first-year coach at UCSD who was previously 
successful with San Diego State University's waterpolo 
program, inherited a team with little offensive power. But 
after a full season of intense practices, with particular 
attention to their 6 on 5 offensive strategy, Harper and his 
Triton team managed to polish their offensive game. 

UCSO's waterpolo team enjoyed its best season ever, with a 19·10 record and a second 
place finish in the California Collegiate Athletic Association playoffs. 

The CCAAs saw a much improved Triton team take second 
place to San Luis Obispo, where UCSD's low playoff goal 
average fell short of their opponent's high point total. Named 
to the the All-Conference team were senior Dan Eby and 
junior goalie Willy Morris. 

This week in sports The CCAA playoffs were the most exciting and most controversial games the Tritons played this season. The first game matched UCSD with a tough Cal State Los 
Angeles team. The Tritons immediately took control and 
never s lacked off despite some questionable calls by the 
referees that resulted in the expulsion off the deck of the 
argumentative Harper. Assistant Coach Dave Harry stepped 
in to supervise the Tritons in their 18-10 win over CSLA. 

Tuesday Women's basketball at University of San Diego, 7:30 pm. 
Men's swim against Claremont Men's College San Luis 
Obispo, at Claremont, 1 pm. . , 

Friday Women's swim against Claremont Men's College, Scripps 
and UC Riverside, at Claremont, 1 pm_ - Credited with strong performances were Steve Marks with 

six goals and Dan Eby who shot four goals. Goalie Willy 
Morris had a strong defensive game with 16 blocked shots . WO,(Tlen's basketball against USIU. Main Gym. 5 pm. 

Intramural Hawaiian football begins. In the second round, UCSU enjoyed a relaxed game with a 
weak Loyola Marymount quad. The Triton bench wa given 
ample playing time in this game. Doug Russum. nicknamed 
"the man with the shotgum arm," had five goals and was 
aided by Jim Harry . Bobby Finnel and injured starter Greg 
Buchanan. Freshman goalie Mike "Sprout" Fontaine had 12 

Men's rugby All-Cal, all day at UC Irvine. 
Saturday Women 's basketball at Loyola Marymount, 4:30 pm. 

Men's basketball against Biola College, at the Main Gym, 
7:30 pm. please turn to ~Ile 14 

Let 
a G.E. caucttc Recorder Help You 

Take Nota 

SALE! I! 
r.===== Mlao -35340 =====il 

Sugg. retail $99.95 
Sale price $70.17 

MIni -35314 
Sugg. retail $72.95 
Sale price $51.61 

Standard Portable -35091 
Sugg. retil $37.95 

l.!::::=== Sale price $11.63 ==~ 

All units have digital counter and AC adapter. 

On Sale thAI 16 January 
at the 

GENERAL STORE 
Student-Run Co-op 

Open Mon-Fri 11 am - 4 pm 
Located on the south side of the Student Center, 

across from the BIke Shop 
Phone: 452-3932 

Recreation Club 
,Meetings: 

5cubI/5udcuccn 
Wednesday, January 14, 7-9 pm 

Rec Cont Room, Rec Gym 

Tcnnls 
Tuesday, January 13, 5 pm 
Rec Conf Room, Rec Gym 

Snow Ski 
Monday, January 12, 6 pm 

HL 1438 

Seiling 
Wednesday, January 14, 5 pm 

Rec Conf Room, Rec Gym 

Jogging 
Wednsday, January 14, 5 pm 

Rec Conf Room, Rec Gym 
Cydlng 

Wednesday, Januaiy 14, 4 pm 
Rec Cont Room, Rec Gym 

Korean Karate 
Wednesday, January 14, 4 pm 

Rec Cont Room, Rec Gym 

WratUng 
starts Monday, January 12 

meets 8 am in the Wrestl ing Room 
Main Gym 

If you arc Interested In lIlY of the dubs 
listed above, and can't melec It to these mntIngl, 

pleaM ltop by Ace Gym OffIce 10, or call 
Tina Smith at x4037. 



CalPIRG 
organlzatJonal meeting 
Thursday, January 15th 

2:30 pm 
(a1"RG OfIIces 
Student Center 

board of directors election 
caI"RG presentations 

UCSD activities planned 
Intanshlps, academic credit outlined 

I = your consumer advocacy I 
. California Public Interest 

Research Group 

SHOOTI 
CUTI 

ACT. 
RIMI 

an exciting new video course this 
Winter jointly offered by the 
Depatments of Drama and 

Communications. 

From Theatre Text to 
Media Performance 

Enroll in 
Drama 150 or Comm/Cul 113 

Tuesdays & Thursdays 10-11 :20 
Mcc 140, 4 units 

Professor Helene Keyssar 

MAGIC RAZOR 
HAIR DESIGN 
'»----~ La Jolla Village Square Me,,'s and Women 's Hair Designs 

(5 minutes from UCSD - 2 blocks soulh of fhe V.A.) 

. -----------------------. 

: $3.50 OFF : 
: any hairstyle with this ad : 
: $10 ofl all : 
: permanent waves : 
• I 
• Good thru January 31, 1981 I ~ _____________________ ~J 

455·1700 
Open 7 days, Mall Hours 

Walk-ins Welcome 

Calendar 
continued from page 7 

"7~~ to Music Conditioning Class meets today 
at 6 in ~ North Balcony of ~ Main Gym. Class fee SIS. 

~lM---4ce Sl<atJng Party. sponsor~ I:Pf Outing Chb 
ifmIediateIy following ~ rrfttingl Evel)One ~Icome. 
~ at Rec. Gym Conf. Rm. 
.11-TI'r RacqUdbalI Chb holds alb Ni!i1lt at the 
Sorrrnto Valley Racquet alb tonight at 8. Come 00 
down and join Inl $2 for three houts. Carpools ~ at 
7:45 from the Ur!y Hall mailbox. 

IlllEDNUDAY 
12-IZI45-Noon conditioning I1'rets in ~ Wrestling 
Room of the Main Gym. 
.s-The Tat* Tennis Clib meets in the Rec. 
Conmnce room. 
4-6-TI'r Gymnastics Club meets on the South Ba~ 
eX the Main G)m. ' 

"'9~«reatlon Club First Meetings'" Corne and join 
)OUr fCM')ritr dlb: Cycling. 4~. Ree. Cont. Rm. 1; 
Jogging. Spm. Rec. Cont. Rm. 3; Korean Karatr. 4 ~. 
Ree. Coof. Rm. 3; Sailing. 5 ~. Rf'C. Cont. Rm. I; Sea 
Deucers-Scuba, 7:9pm. Ree. Conf. Rm. 1.2.3. 
H-The Karate Clib meets on ~ North Balcony of 
the Main Gym. 
..... -.AJkldo CllA> has practice toc::ICPf from 6:30 to 8 
in the Wrestling Room of ttle Main Gym. 
... ~ginning and Intrrrnediate Jazz Dance Classes 
meet tonight. Begiming Class Two rneets at 6' pm. 
Intermediate at 7:30. a>th on !tie Norttl Balcony of the 
Main Gym. Class fee S12. 
7-9-The Gung Fu Club meets today in the Adaptive 
Room of ~ Main Gym. 

'tHURSDAY 
7-7:4s.m-Early bird exercise class meets today at 
IYAWNI) 7 am in the Wrestling Room. Class tee SIS . 
• 10-The Wrestling Club has practice today at 8 am. 
Old wrestlers are needed. join us for some re-
conditioning in It1e Wrestling Room of !tie Main Gym . . 

12-IZr45~on conditioning meets in the Wrestling 
Room of the Main Gym. 
4-6-The GymnaStics Club has praaice on the South 
Balcony of the Main Gym. . 
HI4I-The .bIo Cilb has practice in the Wresting 
Room In the Main Gym. 
H-The K.atr Clib will haIIe practice on the North 
Balcony of the Main Gym. 
... IO-Ballet fo/Iclorico Oass is ~ ~ at 5 in 
the Ree CoilfeetlCe Room. Ree. Gym. Class fee Sl2. 

"7~rclse ID Music Conditioning Clas II'ftIS on !he 
I'ID1t1 8a~ d ~ Main Gym. Class fee SIS. 
........ ....aegi. Mng Ballroom Dance wm meet at 
6 :3Q;Im and Inllrf'lrledlalr Ballroom Dance at 7:30pm. 
both in It1e /fee. COIlferetlCe Room. Class ~ Sl2. 
7-9-The Gung Fu Olb meets in the ~ Room. 
....... The ~ CU) will hold practIcr tonight 
stiIItIng at 8 In It1e ~Ing Room d ~ Main <:¥n. 
.,,-The RacQUeCball Clib holds Clib I'IIIgt1t at It1e 

Sorrento Vailey Racquetball Club tonight at 8. Corne on 
dolMl and join inl 52 for 3 hours. Carpools leave at 7:45 
from the lny Hall mailbox. 

PlllDAY 
12-IZI45-Noon conditioning meets in It1e Wrestling 
Room of the Main Gym. _ 
2-a-TI'r ~ Swirrming Cllb will be holding 
pr.Ialce at 2-3 at the pool. 
..... -The Table Tennis C1lb ITfttS in !he Rec. Cont. Am. 
4-6-The Gymnastics Club meets on the South ~ 
of the Main Gym. 
"'-TI'r ~ Club meets 00 ~ North 8a1c~ of 
!he Main Gym . 

SAtURDAy 
IIInd SId.,.'.7 Join ... CUll,. a.. _ ..., 
..... r _ new IpOrt ....... lor So. Celli 
.,... ..... -... ........ "'IOuncN ........ .... 
Tues .... 11-. a,n. ConI .......... ,-d • 
.......... at to .... ......-raom. AI .......... 
.nII"... 
9-1I-Tennis Strokes Classes meet on ~ 
Rt!vIew/aOt. beg ITfttS at 9am. ~/Srratrgt Z loam. 
Bottl rnet!t on Muir Courts 1-3. Class f~ $20 . 
1.12 noon-The Aikido Oub has practice in the 
Wrestling Room. 
II-J-The Ultimate Frisbee Club wi" hold a practice 
IDdIay on Third College Reid at /lam. 
4-6-The Boxing Club will hold its practice session 
tqday. starting at 4 in ~ Adaptive Room of ~ Main 
Gym. 

SUM)AY 
1.1 Z noon-The Sjf1chronized Swimming Club meets 
at the pool. 

Lectures 
tuESDAY 

IJ-I-Contracepti~ Education Session: Informal 
dscussion. all must attrnd to receive birth control 
5eMCe5 and men are encouraged to attend as Wll'!1. No 
appt. necessary. located in ~ confere1ce room at the 
ucso Student HNIttl Center'. 

~Y 
U-.-<OntraceptiYe Education Session: Informal 
dscussion. all nut attend to receille birth contrcI 
seMce5 ind roM ft encouragecIto atend as ~. No 
appt necessary. Iocatrd In It1e all *' ~ ICe room at It1e 
UCSO Student HNIttl Center. 
12 nlln ~ntures in ReRarch: Informal talc by 
faculty member. Rlctlilrd~. enritled '''Mlo Wrote 
the 1IbIe7' Profft.sor FrIft1man rrachl!s in UCSO·S 
Department of Utrrature and the Judaic SrudIe 
Program. ThIs talk is part of an ongoing series sponsored 
by the Council c:A ProI.osts. Ttin:I College. and P\bIc 
information. ~ne Wi!!lcome.1hvJ )OUr UICh ID the 
Adminlslraille ~ IIoom 11~. 

Monday. January 12. 19NJ 

Coffee Hut tnakes 
the transition 

No longer a greasy spoon; 
health food is served 

BY MACELLA O'NEILL 
A group of students. volunteers. The cafe is run 

defining themselves as a completely by the volunteers. 
collective. have turned one of with no structured central 
the greasiest of the greasy authority; all decisions are 
spoons into a health food made by the workers at 
palace. weekly meetings, held in 

Using their ingenuity and rotation (so that all can 
skills, they have set about attend) either Monday or 
bringing the Coffee ' Hut Tuesday afternoons. 
building up to the necessary The "core" members work 
architectural and sanitary 10 to 19 hours/ a week and 
standards, doing almost all of receive salaries at the 
the work themselves for a standard UC rates. The 
good deal less money than number of core members has 
had been estimated. doubled since the cafe's 

The results of this labor inception last spring quarter. 
can be seen in the creative There are currently as 
design ofthe CheCafe. and in many core members as the 
the feeling of pride which to cafe can support · from its 
surround it. profits. Initially opened with 

The newly. refurbished money loaned from other co-
Che Cafe, formerly a ops and support from the 
hamburger outlet, now . Student Center Board. the 
blends with the surrounding <:afe has repaid the loans and 
eucalyptus trees. . now uses daily profits to pay 

(The name, collective biIls, keep an "emergency 
members said last quarter, is reserve," hire as many new 
an acronym for "Cheap. core members as possible and 
Healthy Eats," but pictures make improvements and 
of South American revolu- investments. 
tionary Che Guevara and Volunteers. too, playa key 
related graffiti adorn the role in the success of the cafe. 
Cafe's walls.) In exchange for working two 

How does the cafe manage hours per week, they receive 
to operate? "Co-operatively" discOunts at all campus co-
is the ·best answer. The Che ops and garner "food credits" 
Cafe runs as a result of the at the cafe. Like the core 
collective efforts of 14 "core" members. the number of 
members and a group of volunteers is always 

Don't forget to 

"Cover Your Bod" 
~\ . / 

with 
Health 

Insurance 

Student Premium $14.23 per quarter 
. Spouses $44.00. Children $44.00 

ror conlinuous cover., renn by January 10th • 
[aroUment deadlhte 15 rdN'uary 5111. 

All regl5tcred students and !>OJt docs are cllglblc -
Information and applications arc available at tht' 

Student Health Center . 

The Gllardian 

increasing. 
In the true sense of a 

collective. the cafe's main 
objective is to provide what 
its members want. The 
emphasis is on participation 
and group decisions. so that 
the cafe can best meet its 
members' needs. 

This year the cafe plans to 
present more cultural events 
- an idea pursused to a 
limited extent last year. 
Beginning Jan. 29 there will 
be a poetry reading series and 
there are plans to have 
gallery space in the cafe for 
art works in the future. 

The atmosphere at the cafe 
is relaxed, dominat.ed by a 
sense of comraderie among 
workers and patrons alike. 
The gleaming juice and 
espresso bar, built over 
Christmas break by core 
member Scott Kessler, offers 
a wide variety of "completely 
natural" juices including 
apple. orange and beet juice. 

Food items range from 
reasonably priced tofu 
sandwiches and guacamole 

13 

omlettes to the famous pita 10:30 am to 10 pm Monday 
pizza. through Thursday and from 

The Che Cafe is open from 10:30 am to 5 pm Friday. 

Boycott, ntarch 
to honor King 

In memory of Martin consisting of poetry reading 
Luther King. Jr .. Nobel Peace and singing. 
Prize recipient. civil rights Professor Tolbert of the 
activist and dynamic leader History department is 
of the Black freedom expected to . speak at 1 pm. 
movement who was assassin· The Black Student Alliance 
ated 13 years ago, the Black from Palomar College may 
Students Union has sched- participate in the entertain-
uled Thursday. King's ment. 
birt hday, as "a day of Following the events at the 
celebration and study. International Center, the 

"Weare asking Black BSU wi1llead a campus-wide 
students notto attend classes march, terminating on 
Thursday to demonstrate Revelle Plaza. Additional, as 
support . our belief that yet unknown speakers will 
Martin Luther King 's address the significance of 
birthday should be a national the day and the march. 
holiday," said BSU spokes· At 8 pm in Mandeville 
man Ken Overton. Center the UCSD Gospel 

Between 10 am and 3 pm at Choir will perform a tribute 
the International Center. to King. featuring a keynote 
BSU will sponsor speakers. a address by Third College 
luncheon and entertainment. Provost Joe Watson. 

EARN INTEREST ON OtECKINGI 
NO MONTHLY SERVICE OtARGE THROUGH JUNE, 1981! 

NO MINIMUM BALANCEI 
Earn 5.25% inter:est (effective annual yield 5.47%) on your checking account and pay 
no monthly service charge through June, 1981, no matter what your balance. This offer 
IS ~ at our LA.JOllA BRANCH only, and will expire June 30, 1981. Bring this coupon 

In today and open your Action Plus checking account - it's in your interest. 
Name. ________________________________________ ~ ________ __ 

Address, ________________________________________ ~---------

Phone ___________________________ _ 

• BEVERLY HILlS SAVINGS 
AND l.Ql.N ASSOCIATQ\J 

8813 Villa La Jolla Drive in La Jolla Village Square 452-5660 
Don Hackett, Branch tv\anager 

T .. ....., II .. ,..., Millet 
AS SlIM 011 T.V. 



" .4, 

Waterpolo team has 
its best season ever 

coatiaued from paJe 11 
blocks in the easy 14-8 win. 

San Luis Obispo handed 
the Tritons their only loss of 
the tournament in a 
controversial 15-8 contest. 
According to Harper. the loss 
resulted from a combination 
of two faults - "We weren't 
scoring when we should 
have. and we were not. well 
like by the referees." 

Again, Marks and Eby held 
together the offense. but 
their performance was not 
8trollf enough to counter the 
questIOnable referee calls. 

UCSD entered the final 
consolation round against 
UC Riverside in a three-way 
lie for first place. The 
Tritons needed a win by a 

Student 
loans are 
delayed 
caatiaIIecI from pate 1 
can apply for these loans 
throUgh the Financial Aid 
Office. 

All of these developments 
have caused confusion with 
student loans. and ronsidera-
lion of most student loans 
has been frozen until Jan- 15_ 

A limited G"ordio" survey 
of local banks revealed that 
the Bank of America has al\ 
necessary loan forms and is 
accepting applications. 

The La Jolla branch of 
United California Bank has 
nOl· PeCei* the correct 
fmns from the CSAC yet. 
according to a bank 
spokesperson. At least one 
UCSD student was recently 
denied a loan from UCB 
because of t he delay. 

seven-point margin. but 
O?Uld only manage .a 13·12 
VICtOry against an equally 
matched opponent. 

Prior to this game, bot 
UCSD and UCR had 
considered forfeiting the 
match to protest the officials 
and what the teams regarded 
as referee favoritism toward 
tournament host SLO. 

Favoritism was even more 
evident among the two 
consolation teams during the 
final championship match, as 
a boisterous crowd of UCSD 
and VCR players cheered 
CSLA to their victory over 
SLO. 

" It was a very gratifying 
end to the season," says 
Harper. "We lost the CCAAs 
on goal averages. we avenged 
two former losses to CSLA 
and VCR and we set a school 
record for the most wins in 
one season." 

Next year's team is 
expected to be even stronger 
than this year's, despite the 
loss of graduating team ~ 

Handguns need 
more cotrol 
continued from page 2 
legislation. The two 
organizations listed above 
ar outweighed by eight or 
ten wealthy lobbies spon-
sored by the National Rifle 
Association and gun 
manufacturers. 

The Second Amendment 
gave Americans the right to 
own muzzle-loading rifles. 
You will search the writinf-> 
of the Founding Fathers 10 
vain for favorable references 
to Saturday Night Specials, It 
has long been time to make 
{he distinction firm and 
clear. 

DAVID SEWELL 

The UrbIn and Rul'll 5tudIa Plosram 
announces that the following dalles 

arc open for enrollment for the 
Winter Quarter, 1981: 

",-.....---UR$ 14: -----------~-

I ... 

SOCiety In Action 
T uesd¥ and Thursdays 
1:()(}220 pm, TLH 104 URS 111A: 

Social Policy and s6clal Planning 
Fridays 

URS 111: 
4:()(}6:00 pm, HSS 2333 

Metropolitan Development & A.nalysis 
ThursdtJi Evenings 

5:30-8:20 pm 
, TLH 109 UItS 1441: 

URS 153: 

PreventIVe Health Care 
Mondays 

8,00-10:50 am, TLH 11 1 

Society, Motivation and Personality 
Tuesd¥ and Thursdays 

2:30-3:50 pm 
HSS 1128 URS 168: 

Soci<rEconomic Change in Develop ing Areas 
Tuesdays and Thursd~ 

UItS 1168: 
1 Q:()(} 11 :20 am,. HSS 1 106 

Field WOO: in lJrt:lan lind Rural Studies 
TuesdCl'y'S and Thursdays 

-- 4:()(}5:2O pm, TLH 109 ----------'--

We .. pIaICd to note thIt we offIr thra 
.... att.cmoon/CftIIIt c ..... for the ",d 

COII¥'CIIIencc of our stu ..... - URI 111~ 111 
ancI1". 

Ade.,.....m IUmPCMlbe~1ncd InthcThIrd 
, CoIIqc Hulnlnltla lutldlns (I), 

100M 135. 
. '. 

The Guardian 

captains Dan E by and Ed 
Profumo. 

Eby. described by Harper 
as "the corners tone of the 
VCSD waterpolo team for the 
last four years" will be sorely 
missed. and the team will 
have trouble filling his hole 
setter position. 

Profumo, whose season's 
pe rformance has been 
sporadic, is known as " the 
Quiet leader who is one of the 
most respected players on the 
team," according to Harper. 

Always thinking of the 
future, Harper is arranging a 
playoff game between the 

Monday. January 12. 1981 

winner of the Far Western 
Conference and the CCAA. 
which could result in a 
playoff berth in the NCAA 
tournament. 

"[ don ' t think people 
realize just how difficu It this 
is ." says Harper. 

~ootbalJ rans jammed the San Di~lo stadium yesterday for the playoff between the San 
Diego Charler!i and the Oakland Ratders_ The lame ended i victory for the Raiders, who will 
now compete an the Super Bowl. Photos by Troy Sears. . 

"A COCKEYED 
MASTERPIECE I" 

- Joseph Mor,en, fe ,.n, Newl weell: 

An Ingo Premineer Production 
Color ~~ DeLuxee> -o!RI 
Panavision 

1'hurIdIr, IeIaIIry 15 
,:.610:00 ... $1.75 

_17ft 

YOUl ..... STAJn8..aE 

figbteeatJI l'MI' 
Guadalajan Program 

Univ. of San Diego 
July I - August ~ 

1981 

roily .oer«lMcd ,...,., I. : Sfwnhll '-
" .011 _b. I I-(wllo,.oI lII·Ungoo,oI [duc .. k,.. 
[01111.., ... s..:_ 1_ . Art Ut"' ....... 

ru'loion- " ,,,,,,), !iolliology. ".,...lIuhlgy 
(~"'n Sludb. ( ..... rnlk o.tl', 

wad .......... ~L" lOUf'ln. "'''6011: 
uoo kor ti _~gr ...... lr ....... $,l.lO lor 8 

IIndtTgflduAt' unlb. " "nI' ..... .-Imum. KIln,. 
,md nn.d: u 1e .flh ","·"k ... fIIW '..,.Uy. 

~,",-'It MMI nn"" lAc ... ' runt $JOO pt" 
n.mttt. 

- ' _Ci.LINN. U .... 
.. s.. ..... _' ..... . . (,4 9111 • . 

OPENING TONIGHTIII 
Bridge Club 

Play and Instruction 
All 5bNIe1l1s alld raeliity are .d~ ••• 

our ftnt alee ...... toalgllt at 7130 p .... 
lite 5tuclnt Cntier rtortII COIftrac:e .... 

(.,mM). 

'Ionduy. Januury 12. 19M. 

Classifleds 
announcemcnts 
party Time 15 MIller Time! Get .,. chupcr 
frotn )'Our Millet ca~ Rep. MIller 53250. 
Ute '3350. lOwenbreu kOSO. ClOse to 
C8II¥U cOlMnicnCe. GcOIr C\eN 274-2591 . 
(2119) 
Focus c.mpus telephone llelpllne 
orterUtiOn far al1\lOr1C ....no -.1> to be • 
member Wed. .lin. 14 or Thurs . .lin 15. Get 
11II"OIvcd, /IcIp your fcIow studcnIs. (1112) 
PsyCh ~ or et'I)'OnC else ....., ~ to 
set IrMlMd In FOCUS, UC50's tdcpllonc 
heIpIine. Orientation lot trllninS on Wed. 
14th or on Thurs. 15th. Get 11W'O~d. (1 / 12) 
EnJor Iherin!I your fajlnss with othcn? rm a 
student lorminS a small, IntimIte c:IIcUSllon 
sroup . • you Mvcln urge to '" let It II out" 
among fI1cnds, call John at 455-S5491ftcr 6 
pm. (1115) 
0utInS cllb meetlng!!1 BrIng In )'Our new 
sNdCS lot the winter slide show. Get ready 
fot Sal's sand sldin9 mtIv .... Plan upcomi", 
trips. Tues. 6:30, IIec Gym Cont. Room. 
(1/12) 
Icc SMti", party at UTC following outing dlb 
meeting. 6:30 Tues. wet at Ree Gym Cont. 
Rootn. (1112) 
_ do you do wilen there Is a winter 
drOUSht'l The Outins aut:> knOws. Ice Skatl", 
petty tomorrow n,,1It .lIIer mccti",. Sat. 
wc're !Oins sand siding. 1Irl",)'Our old sIds or 
use ours. Everyone welcotnC. Details at 
meeting. Tues., 6:30 Ree Gym Cort. Room. 
(1/ 12) 
Who is the hottest shot at UCSO? Find out 
soon<ome to the beSlcctblil same Saturday 
night at 7:30 in the main ~. (1 / 15) 
Women, .-e you tired OIa strictly ecadCmIc 
lite? The UCSO Wotnen's Rugby team is one 
cure lot thosC brain drain bfues. Come see us 
lit practice Tues. and Weds 3-S on Muir f"teld 
and start the ncwquarter ri9hl ( 1/1 2) 
women: want to be ir1YoIved In somcthins 
worth wrltl", home about'? JOin UCSO" 
_n's rusbY team. (1 / 12) 
The Urban .. Rural ,tudles prosram 
announces thet the foIlowi", cIMsocs -
open 'or enrol\rncnt 'or the winter quarter: 
UItS 24: Scx\cty In Action. T~ and 
ThllSdaYS. 1 :00-2:20, TlH 104. 
UItS 111 /to:. SodeI Policy and Scxlal Planning. 
FrIdIys, 4:~:5O, HSS 2333. 
UItS 121 : wtropolitan OcIIcIoprnent & 
~. T~, S:~:2O, TlH 109. 
LIAS 1...a Praoenthie Haith Care. Mondelos, 
8:00-10:50, TlH 111 . 
URS 1S3: SOCiety, Mqtlvatlon, and 
PcnoneIIty. Tuesdeys and ThllSdaYS. 2:30-
3:50, HSS 1128. 
URS 168: Scxlo-Econotnlc Change In 
Oc¥cloplns Area. Tuesdays and Thursdays, 

10:~11 : !IO, HSS 1106. 
I}RS 1868: Field Work In urt>on and Rural 

Studies. T~ and T/IUBdayS, 4:00-5:20, 
nH 109. 

~ _ pleased to nok that _ oll'u three 
late aft&moon/ aoen"" cIMsocs ror the 
added cOl'Nenlcnce ot our studentS - URS 
11M, URS 121 .... d UItS 1868. 
A department sta/l1) can be obtained in the 
Thltd Co" Humanltics 1lJ1IdI", (E), Room 
235. ( 1/ 12) 
.loin Clrde I(! ~ fun, meet people, and 
help others. wetlnss Tuesday 5:30 pm. 
RCYCIic FonnallOunse- (1/12) 
Ocportmcnt 01 ScxioloSY amounccs: 
SOC 176: lOve, Intimecy.nd So 9(049, IMIf 
1-1 :50, It. 1402. PrOl J. Dou9IaS. Thiscoursc 
will ~ the complete range 01 IntImIte 
rdItions, trotn IrienoShip to dMmonic /oIIc. 
SOC 146: EquaIIty/ IncQUIIIt)' 9600, MWf 11-
11 :50 IK.C 124, PrOl. C. Nethonson. WhO 
wents eQUalIth? WhY has humanity ror so 
lOng been Ittrectcd to !lie Ideal Ind 
dctutcd It In prectlce? 
SOC 190: Revolutions (SenIor Seminar) 
9604, M 2-3:50 HSS lOO9 Prot C. NatIIInSon. 
WIlen do social revolutions occur? WhO 
rnaIIa them end with v.tIat consequences? 
(1/12) 
P.LEA's IIrst rncctln!I Jar'" 13th wit let you 
know about our law school panel, tree Isat 
prep courses end our prc-Iaw a<Msors. If 
you're even just wonderi", v.tIlII poI~ia is 
lile come to our mce~ lind watch the 
IIIOW.( 1 / 12) 
The first meeting 01 the women 's 

Intcrcolle~te soIIbIIl teem wi. be held 
todiry, Mondey Jan. 12th trotn 3-5 In the 
North Confwence Room, student center. 
(1 / 12). 
1Irl", you student Il and get l!'to the 
beskdb ... 1 gatnC l'Ice. SatuRMy ( 1/ 17) 'IS 
Biola It 7:30 pm in the main gym. (1 / 15) 
Citizen's party me~", III (lie CafeWed. Jan. 
14, 7 pm. (1 / 12) 
Comins soon to 19)<m nclJryou - the UCSO 
hot shot contest" ( 1/ 15) 
BAD PAIm'''1 Bad plaCe (RCYCIIc Cale ), bad 
bend, bed boys, bed Sirts, bed drlnlcs, bad 
dey (Fri. Jan. 16). So \ousy It's punlcadclik. 
Wcar bad lIIades and bed threads you 
twirJ)S (no kno\ICS please ). Bad, man. (1 / lS) 
First Inkrcolcglate bedmlnton practice 

~, 1/12 5:30pm in Rec Gym. (1 / 12) 
GlvebloocHakc blood. Punkcnknow '"~has 
to hill to WOIj(" so brI", your band aids to 
the Revette Ca~ Friday nke. ( 1/ 15) 
'"Civil Rl9hts In the SO's," toLG and ACLU 
iowycrs talk on the position of women, 
minorities, \abor and dil5cntcrs In the 
1980's, Tuesday, JaflUll'Y 20th, 7 pm. North 
Con~nce Room. ( 1/ 15) 
Enema tat FridIIy night Jan 16 RCYCiIe Calc 
be there or be constipated. A healthy punk 
Is a mean punic. Bri", wI\Ips. Be prcpercd to 
perl'urm unnatur~ act», (1/15) 
Shedcs and thin ~ petty sponsored by the 
sid dlb, RCYCIIc (.ft Friday n"hI, .lin. 16, 
Aspen photos projected on dell", v.tIllc 
)'Ou pogo below. Your mommy wit disown 
)IOU W)IOU ettcnd. ski /dlb. (1 / 15) 
Do roommatcs ShIre ~ar? Find out at 
the Roommate Garnc,.IIn. 18th-23rd. (1/ 1 2) 

CALIPORNIA 
HAIR CRIlATiONS 

CNer 10 years eXperience 
Hairstyti ng fex the entire family 

Precision haircuts yow W~ 
Always a free consultation 

Mastercharge and VISA 
Tuesday thru Saturday 9:00-5:00 

Thursday 9:00-7:00 

~74'. La Jolla .... da.. I Call fo( appointment 
. ..... 16 

OASIS Rad1ng and StudV Sldlls 
MnOUnca for Winter Quarter: 

1100""",,,,,,, a-.. 
MOnday lind WCdneSday, 1:00-2 00 
MOnday and ~dneSday, 2·00-3 00 

Focus on Impro/Ins rhyIhmoc: ~ MCl\Iement, P"'''9''aph structure, reltd,ns Wlth 
• purpose, lind effiCient ~Its. Class mulS twICe w.:6ty for SO. ~eI<S 

OM CoIItpoe ...... ~: 
Tuesday, HXl-200 or 200-300 

focus on ,mprCVlns In-depth cCf11prehens'on. P<"agr~ph structure, vocatllJlary 
dcve l~nt, "1<lln IdeilS, evaluat'on, ,nl<renee and some emphaS,s on 

s~ed Class mttts for tight wee"" 

All c ..... twt ....... eII. letIt ......... '" KCClllld. C ..... 
_1ft uti 4010. 

StUC1Y S'<.IIIS Pfesentdtlons orf!. snown f'V(!rv I'lOUf on tt'e hclUf ,II. ,,.. , 10 riff • ), III 
Or tnt vvte: .. de5.lgl"ldted. and elY C.rt ' '~dlt'd Pr~1 !.dl l.:i'~~ f """." 1"-4 ~' 

vanetY of stud)' skill methOds wtlte'" 11Jd'y Ib",,~,t ye'l I " ," '.:»~I"J 
ell d'\ 

T'ffit MaN~~,."." 1 ...... e' 0 1 Jd'\Ud!)' 12 
r(X[b<X>' ",net ll ! f ' lft Nut£1d ~ \l'llf'P'" J(l111.."...· ) 

M Ia TeJm Prl'j:)dfdtl lfI - .,v((:\ ,,,,.M.trp ?'J fo " ,.. t::. 
Test Mkft.fY oNf:t: r } h~ '~ffYv 9 11)1 "'u -A<""'~ :a 

HC1IN to Study fa rll,jis 'Alt:"~ \.1 ~E't)1 ~" J ." ... -,1.:1.:' 10,,) 

, ......... IMwctioII II ""'. 
.... _ Iolfv; laUD; as ...... Of - "" 

uti 4010. 

15 TIll' (;lIilrdiilll 
--------------------------------------------------

W .... en Academic Peer Advisor. w .e. Pr<wost 
M,W/ 19-3; T, Th 1·2:30 or at Resldcnce HaII5 
OftIce S-W 6-9pm. (1/ 1 5) 

housing 
Mille Chrlstion roommate wanted in Del Mar 
house. 5140/ mo. pIUS 1/ 5 \.C1I,_Double room. 
75S-6456. (1 / 12) 
Roommate _nted to ShIre 3 bedroom 
condo with 2 others, Near UTC. Private beth 
lind patio. 522S/ mo. Call Ala, 453-8905. 
( 1/ 12) 
urt. Stuclo-I'I block from beach on 
Nautilus St . • 187 .50/ month. Utilit ies 
Included. 04S409837. ( 1/ 22) 
CIIIIct lor rflnt. 4 bdrm, 2 beth, 3 bills from ski 
IIIIs 7 and 8. Call Do.., (714) 540-5222 or 
(714) 770-4119. ( 1/ 25) 
2 fem std. 10 share Irs. mstrbdrm In new 
condo 1 mi. trom UCSO. Pool, ,lacuul, tennl5. 
'HO/ mo. 457-)625. ( 1/ 26) 
3 bdrm, 2 be house In Cioimont. Flreploce, 
bedr;d, tJN kitchen, uti!. ISSO a montl'l. 
'amilY? roommates? Call Brent eves. or early 
moml", 457·3321 . ( 1/ 19) 
Roommate needed to ShIre apa!1mCnt In 
Clairemont. Own room & bethroom. S miles. 
from CIITl'US, ne. busline 41. Vcry quite, 
laundry, pool. Non·smoker, no pets. 
"5O/ mo. Call lauric 279-0772. (1/12) 

sales 
Salt water aquarium fish, best SOtlection, best 
prices, 75'5 retaY. cal cvcs. 4S5-1.19M .. E 
Salt Water FISh . ( 1/ 12) 
For sale: Besc~ 23c 4!nlarger ..... th Gralob 
tiner, 35 mm neg c.-rier, 11.,4 Spcedezl . 
Supclb, 481-2324. ( 1/ 12 ) 
'62 WI Bus, new rear tires, 30,000 miles on 
new e",lne, YC'Y reliable, must sell 5950. 
481·2324. (1 / 12) . 
For salc: 2 bel. upstairs condo ne.- UCSO, 
Shops, banks. VI4!W. Garese. Priced $4 ·9000 
bcIoWothcrs SOld. The Parle. U.C. Cent..y21-
Jack Carter Realty Inc. Nancy Hattox, S6b-
3933 aoe>- 1-487-3699. ( 1/ 22) 
T1 59 Clle. Prosrall1lTlilblc mag cards, indo 
mastcrand stat. lb ary -960steps/ l 00mem. 
Gary larson, 453·5410. (1 / 12) 
10 speed Git_ IIdy's 1 9" bike lot sale. 
Great ClIfTIPUS crulzen. no, call 453-1955 
liter 4 . ( 1/ 12) 
Waterbcd - kin9 sizf! with pedestal frame 
and carwd headboard . Includes heater and' 
bedding. 5150. Call 755·7091 Ifter S 
pm.( 1/ 15) 
1973 To)'OIe Corone Deluxe sle. wag. Good 
condition In and oot 4-speed, new radiols, 
AM/FM steleO. 51800/ best okr, call 225-
0330. (1 / 12) 
SA[ Integrated amp, 100 watts, mint 
condition, T cchnics tumtabfc with cartridsc 
S21S .Joh~ 274-2211 . (1 / 15) 
Minolta XE-7 body '260, tripod S20, 4S9-
5743. ( 1/ 12) 
Honda 350; 1972 Model, good condition, 
'325.00, 455-9563, ask lor Duane. ( 1/ 12) 

1973 Aus~n Marina 4 door, 4 ~ed, Sood 
mileage. 51 roo. 466-371 1 evenings, (1 / 12) 

wanted 
Wanted far 510 or under, 1 med. sized bean 
beg chair. can GieM or Dlren at 4S5-0385 
eves. ( 1/ 1S) . 
Wanted: UCSO women willins to try tII is 
school's most misunderstood sport. Come 
to the wom~n's rusby team practice MOn 
and Wed. 3-S pm on MUir rkld. ( 1/ 12) 
FClTllIe roommate _nted to sh.e condo. 
Own master bedroom, beth, wllk·ln clOSet. 
Close to cal!1)US. Can occupy Immediately. 
5Il00 month, 27(H 887 or 04S2·8804. ( 1/ 15) 
Wanted: pr~·Iaw students lor P,LEA's lint 
medlns. Tuesday .lin. 13th. All hCi9IIlS 
Kcepkd. (11 12) 
H«lp Wanted! k .25/hr. plus many benefitS. 
Teacher's AIde at FUlton [lem. No expet. 
needed. I'Irs: 8: 30-3 (can be discussed) 279-
S ..... 2, Tina. (1/ 15) 
Don't lorad to jOin the ftrst me~", far 
women's IntCtCoilegf\ltc soltbalt today, .lin 
1!!, from 3-S In the North Con~nce Room, 
Student Center. ( 1/ 12) 
Help Wanted - Saturdays 10-5 study while 
bei", paid. 15 mlns. from cal!1)US. Cal 456-
0257. ( 1/ 12) 
Female IlJrmcse /dtten, papers not needed. 
Call 465-4692 or leave message In Rev. 
Community Center. ( 1/ 15) 
Female roommate wanted. Non-smokCr lor 
condo ncar UTC. Own room, pool, and 
jecuul. $l5S/ mo., deposit and 1/3 utilities. 
Call lois or Carol at 455-9048.( 1/ 12) 
2 roommates wanted lor 4 berom house in 
La JOIe near bcoch. $16S & utiI. Call Carol 
456-1879. ( 1/ 12) 
Wanted: room for rent, female. Fum, ,~, 
recOnYCrtcd sarese. SMe kitch. $125. Call 
for deleil5. 27D-8027. ( 1/ 12) 
Wanted: 2 people (m or I) to ShIre ~cr 
bedroom 01 IS. 2-story house w I pool and 
,lacuul behind UTC.Non smoIccr ( tobacco) 
and ebIc to tolerate noise. 5140 pius utH. Cal 
452-9994. (1/1 S) 
Subjects with ClCPCrience in computer 
prosrammins to participate in a psychCllOgy 
ClCPCriment. SubjectS will be paid 55.00 an 
hou' Ind the study will be done on ca""",. 
Contact Mary at 457·3730. (1129) 
Trade room, board lor child care. 
KncwkdSe child dC\l~loprncnt . Del Mar, 
IIcJCibie h<>ln. 755·3S53. (1/ 12) 

serviccs 
UNWANTED fWR remove(j permanently 
near (4""",. La Jole ViII9C Professional 
C£ntcr, 8950\1i1;11.l1 Jcr4 Or~.." Suite 1160-<, 
call lor appt. 453·7040. (6/ 4) 
'YIli",: laSt, accurate, reasonable. Call Jane 
days 4S2-42«. Eves. 753-3766. ( S17) 
Party sound equipment rental. 300wetts per 
cnannel stereo Into high quality JIlL cabinets, 
indoors or out Reasonable raks, cab 453-
046-4 days and evcninss. (1/12, 1/19, 1/ 26) 

Top Dr_Typing s-;ce - 1NPCf\ II-, 
momcs. 481~108. (1/ 1!!, 1/ 19, 1119,2" ) 
Yoo -.1t to practice ffCncll ot ....,1 rill 

the~. VICtor _ 459-5592. (1/12) 
Guitar, ~ fIuIc 1aIonI. i\1ro. ImotI onlY 
k . 2b1H)523. 
Yoll friendly ~ •• ctuc", LAo .lc*'s 
Tooey PInes ChriIIIen 0IurcII, .... - you 
to wonIIlp ~ 9 ot 11 MI. SundIiI' 
SChOOl III I9C' 10 ..... 453-3550, 83tO La 
Jolla Scenic 0rM Notth. J\ctM rd,;ouI 
prOS'am. Impiri", oamons. kAItN /IIUIIC. 
Frlcndy conyc9lllOn. 

trayel 
OEE SlUdent Tr.-. open /1M 9-S in the 
StudEnt Cenkr. (lEE allen: bud!d IiShb. 
int'l student Il cards, r~ taun, boaIII 
inuance, wort< and SIUdV ~ ..... end 
mucII etC. PIIonC 452-06lO. (6IS) 
CLUB MEOITEItIANEAN, SAILING 
ElG'EDITIONS! Needed: $pen ~ 
Office Personnel, Co...-.clon. Europe, 

~ \Vor1ctwidcl Summer, '-. 
Send '5.95 pU ., hlndlin!l1ot iQIIIiCIIIIOI\ 
ope"'''' guide to CtuiICwDrId lOS, 601 19, 

5ac~0 CA, 9SI6O. (1/31> 

personals 
Eric Heiden: W*ome to UCSD IIaIn the!MI 
01 Suite IlOO GII8IIIce. P.$, I.OOIC IICICttIarIL 
( 1/ 15) 
Julie K - P .l.EA's lint IIICdin!I 01 !lie 

~r is T~!IIe 1301. Come anbVend 
Ie.,., .bout 016 fIocc LSAT prep coone, 
UCSO', prc-law 1IdwIIor, inIIanII'ip6 end 
when our next wine and a- iI. t.-, 
Judge Bean. (1 .112) 
To the slr11n the shirt with pink IIipa ....., 
bou9IIt some EMs C. end .. Ic¥s in 
AsIortCd vifflI. Fri. .lin. 9 in !lie IIIotIIin!-
ComebyAUted. 'M\llfar."-uprIsc. 
(1/ 1S) 
Tracy babv, keep up !lie !!DOd "*,,. II you 
cycr need • smile, I '-pImty. Oh· end loIS 
01 !JOOd jolon tool Katus. (1 / 12) 
Sueee ... No more pee soup. 19i¥C up - you 
win this one - butjuR WIIIit!! I(.etu$ ( 1/ 12) 

lost and found 
Found: a bracelet, 1/6/ 81 . UII .S3-1411 
and identity. (1 / 12) 
lOst: Block .... t and • tad< checkbook 
between bookstore and TIIird CoIc!c 
eper1mcnts. Call Bameby at 4S5-1 1 11-
(1112) 

We "- • be ........ 6' •• ,. 
tla I Ie •• , 

111 Jolla Bod< SI'1opjx 
5745 La Jolla 81\od. 

Open 10-10 
7 days a week. 454-3054. 

San Diego Transit 
Route Changes: 

Thi5 announcement is to inform you that, effective February 2nd, 1981 , San Diego Transit 
will be instituting some changes to Routes 21 and 41 . H<::YvVeVer, San Diego Transit Routes ~ 
and 34 and North County Transit Route 301 Will continue their current fOlJ{e5 ttvough the 
campus. The VA Hospital w ill be the central point of transfer for all five of these routes. 

Routes 11 Iftd 41 will be re-routcd. follows: 

Routa 11: route 21 will no longer come on campus, but w ill stop at the 
V A. Hospital and then go north on Interstate 5 to its destination, Sorrento 
Valley. Transfers can be used to take route 30 or 301 from the VA 
Hospital into the heart of the campus and continue on to Third College -
these routes have not been changed. 

ItoutI 41: route 41 will no longer stop at the intersection of Miramar 
Road and Myers Dnve or at the Central Cashiers; however, It Will stop at 
the Gi lman and Myers Intersection next to the Bookstore, It will be re-
routed behind Warren Campus on Gilman Drive to Old Miramar Road: 
then It Will continue to its destination, Fashion Valley. 

The Cdmpus Iv\ap has been reprinted shOWing the various transit routes In color. These 
maps Will be available from the P<J"klng & TranSit Systems Office by approximately mid· 
January 

Dunng the next several months the Pdrklng & TranSit Systems Of ce Wi ll be conducting_a 
,j (Jlied <; dy of the transit bus system ,md other dlternJtlve transportd Ion systems With 
the overall purpose of Improving service to both ~tudent, and employees If you have any 
questions concerning he tr n~lt route changes or any sugS ~tlons dbout how we can 
Improw (.JUI altcrnarlve OlogrillnS, pi dS'" lev.I fre to contd<.t the Parking & TrallSlt Systems 

OHI(~ 

'arking & TraMlt Systems Office: 400 Warren Campus, phone 45t·4ft3. 



..;;;.;; _______ ~ ____ ~ _______ _,:_----~he Guardian ____ ~ _________ Monday, January 12, 1981 

Import quotas 
not answer for US 

cootinued from patce 5 
extent to whIch the 
manufacturers themselves 
are importing their own 
products from abroad while 
exporting their capital . 

These three factors -
recession, reliance on large 
cars, and foreign investment 
practices - alone account for 
the lion's share of the 
domestic auto industry 
crisis. If we accept thi8, what 
then will be the impact of the 
import quotas being proposed 
by the manufacturers? 

First, consider what 
quotas will not achieve. They 
will not induce a shift from 
small imports to small US 
cars, because the U~ 
industry is not able to satisf} 
the demands of a rapid shift. 
In the 18 months leading to 
June, 1980, US manufac-
turel's were able to produce 
only about 7 million 
compacts and sub-compacts, 
oompared to the demand for 
- and sale of - 9.3 million 
such cars. 

Nor will quotas induce 
large numbers of people to 
buy larger cars. Consumers 

will simply defer new car 
purchases and drive old cars 
longer or buy used car.s. 

Also, there is little reason 
to believe that the higher 
profits which US producers 
would realize from import 
quotas would be used to 
hasten the necessary 
conversion of domestic plants 
from large car to small car 
productiun. While the 
producers would be given the 
financial ability to convert, 
competitive pressure to 
undertake such a conversion 
- now supplied by the 
imports - would be missing. 
The quotas offer no 
assurance that the higher 
profits will be invested in 
new production facilities 
within the United States 
rather than overseas. 

What the quotas will do is 
even less encouraging. They 
will restrict the only 
meaningful competition to 
which the domestic industry 
has been subjected since 
World War II, probably 
resulting in higher prices, 
poorer product quality -and 
less product variety. 

SD Port 
Comm'er 
will speak 

"What the Port Commis-
sion is Doing for San Diego," 
will be the topic of Louis 
Wolfs heimer, Port Commis-
sioner, at a forum sponsored 
by UCSD Extension's 
Institute for Continued 
Learning a week from Friday 
in Room lIlA of the 
Administrative Complex , 
UCSD campus. 

The Forum, scheduled for 
10 am to noon, is open to the 
public without charge. 

Wolsheimer is a graduate 
of the University of North 
Carolina and California 
Western School of Law. He 
was appointed to the City 
Plannmg Commission in 
1969 and served as chairman 
from 1972 to 1979. He was 
appointed Commissioner of 
San Diego Port District in 
1979, representing the City of 
San Diego. 

,*01 
&uderi who have separated from the 

univenity ince 1979,« those who only worked 
J)8I1 of t,.time, wait ~ to get their checks, 
'clependina on how hard it IS to track them down. 
All checU hould be isaued within 60 days, the 
Jltate controller's office says. 

SEC Chair to. speak 
for Extension 

The chairmen of the New 
York Stock Exchange and the 
Securities and Exchange 
Commission will be special 
guest speakers at the Eighth 
Annual Securities Regula-
tion InstituteJan. 21·23 at the 
Hotel del Coronado in San 

Di~o. 
S-ponsored by UCSD 

Extension, William M. 
Batten, chairman and dlief 
executive officer of the New 
York Stock Exchange will be 
the luncheon speaker Friday, 
Jan. 23 and Harold M. 
Williams,. chairman of the 
SEC will be the Thursday, 
Jan. 22 luncheon speaker. 

The program was brought 
to San Diego eightr years ago 
by San Diego attorney James 
O. Hewitt, who chaired the 
institute for its first five 
years. The current chairman 
IS A.A. Sommer, Jr., a 
Washington D.C. attorney 
and a former commissioner of 
the SEC. 

Among the speakers at this 
year's institute will be 

Edward F. Greene, director of 
the SEC's division of 
corporate finance; David S. 
Ruder, dean of Northwest-
ern University's School of 
Law; Stephen]. Friedman, 
John R. Evans and Philip A. 
Loomis, Jr., commissioners 
with the SEC ; Stanley 
Sporkin, director of the 
SEC's division of enforce-
ment; and ]. Clayburn La 
Force, dean of UCLA 's 
Graduate School of Manage-
ment. 

A special session of the 
institute Friday morning, 
Jan. 23 will center on 
corporate governance and 
accountability. Several chief 
executive officers will 
participate, including Harold 
J. Haynes, chairman of 
Standard Oil Company of 
California; Dr. William F. 
Ballhaus, president and chief 
executive officer of Beckman 
Instruments, Inc. in 
Fullerton Calif., and Charles 
R. Scott, president and chief 
executive officer of Inter-
mark, Inc. in La Jolla. 

Adventures in Researcb 
Lecture Series 

find out about some of the fascinating research going 
on right here at UCSO In a series of noon lectures geared 
to a general audience. Questions and discussion will be 

encouraged ... thls week's presentation: 

UCSD has a r;=== Richard friedman, As istant Professor ==::;-
of Uterature and Director of the Judaic Studies 

Program will speak on / DENT AL GROUP 
at the Student Health Center 

with Student Rates! 

------------~edo----------~ 

"Who Wrote 
the Bible?" EXAMINATIONS 

and 
DENTAL WORK 
and Hygienists are 

available for cleaning teeth 

MONDA Y thru FRIDAY 
8:00 am to 4:00 pm 
phone: 452--2080 

We can do work for spouses, too! 

How long has it been since you've seen a 
DENTIST? 

Wednesday, January 14 
NOON 

Conf. Room lIlA 

Sponsored by the Council of Provosts, 
Third College and the 

Public Infonnatlon Office 

Staff, Students and faculty 
Welcomel 


