
\ 

For the past ten years, UCSD students have been filling out CAPE 
(Course and Professor Evaluation) repons with the idea that the 

reviews would be an invaluable aid for choosing classes in the next 
calendar year. But should CAPE be taken at face value or could the 

reports be used as a measuring stick for faculty members? If CAPE is 
the only real voice of the student body in judging courses and 

professors, then shouldn't depanment chairpersons take CAPE into 
consideration when reviewing faculty performances? Six depanmem 
heads don't think so. See cover story on page 7. 

II ~ 
V 



.. 

The San Diego chapter of the Gay 
Academic Union (GAU) is seeking 
applications for its second annual 
scholarship awards. To be considered 
for an award an applicant must be a gay 
or lesbian student who is either 
attending or applying to a coUege or 
univerSity in San Diego County or who 
is residing in San Diego County at the 
time of application. With the 
application form each applicant must 
submit official rranscripts and three 
letters of recommendation. The intent of 
GAU is threefold: to give financial . 
support to gay and lesbian students at a 
time when support is scarce; to 
recognize and encourage acad~ic 
exceUence by rewarding gay and lesbian 
students who have demonstrated fast 
achievement and show promise 0 
attaining academic or artistic goals; and 
to acknowledge the imponant 
contribution the an Diego gay and 
lesbian commuOlty makes lO society at 
large . The reci pients and their awards 
will be announced November 25 at the 
ninth ational Confe rence of the Gay 
Academic Union , lO be held at UCSD. 
The deadline for submitting applications 
is October 31, 1983. Application fo rms 
and fu rther info rmanon may be 
obtai ned from the Lesbian and Gay 
Organization (LAGO) office, or call 452-
6969. 

• UCSD students can now make brief 
long distance phone calls for fifty cents 
on special "Express Call" pay phones. 
The coin-operated phones, which can 
be identified by a kelly green sign , allow 
callers lO dial direct anywhere in the 
fifty states, Puerto Rico and.me US 
Virgin Islands and speak for thirty 
seconds. The phones are part of a trial 
being conducted by Pacific Telephone 
and AT&T after a study which showed 
that about 30% of aU long distance calls 
last less than a minute. Express CaU 
phones are located in Central Libraty, 
Muir Cafetena and the Humanities 
Library. 

The Peace Corps ~iU be having a 
recruitment/ public awareness campaign 
in Revelle Plaza today and tomorrow for 
students interested in pursuing an 
international career in volunteer 
aSSignments in areas such as health 
services, agriculture , math and sciences. 
Applicants must be US citizens, 18 years 
of age or older and in good health . 
Some 5200 Peace Corps volunteers now 

196 .... . 
Few people fear silverfish , mildew, 

bookworms, changing temperatures and 
paper deterioration, except if you are 
interested in a piece of literature dating 
back to 129'i... A new (or is it old?) 
feature to be added to the expandmg 
UCSD libra ry will be the Special 
Collections' ~ction . Rare treasures in the 
collection include Erre~ Hemingway's 
first book, Three Slimes artd Tcn Poems. 
and a firs t edition copy of James Joyce's 
Ulysses . Special collections will also store 
back issues of UC D publications, so 

'-that future students can see what it was 
~Ike back here al1.)C D In 1964. 

1970 .. . 
"We need Girls, GirlS, Gi rls! Ages 18- . 

30. Be a danc! pa rtner for our Man nes. 
-.:Attire: Cocktal1 dresses. You may drive 

your own car or be picked up." ThiS 
~ign was removed from many sites on 
campus. It seems completely un fair to 
UCSD coeds (a nd gay hber:l!ion) to 
deny the campus this Invitation. What 
could be more thnll ing than a dance 

serve in Asia, Africa, Latin America and 
the Pacific. Interested individuals can 
stop by the Peace Corps table between 9 
am and 3 pm. 

• 
The police department is encouraging 

anyone who has an interest in law 
enforcement to attend one of two 
meetings, held on Ocwber 17 and 27, 
from 4 pm to 8 pm. The special 
recruitment eITon for both regular and 
reservt police is taking place because 
there is an ongOing need for qualified 
persons in both categories. As a reservt 
officer, one would receive exceUent 
training just as if one were a regular 
officer trainee. As a regular officer, one 
would attend the police academy full 
time, as opposed to a reserve officer, 
who will only have to put in a few 'hours 
a week. Special recruitment teams for 
reserve and regular officers will be 
present to assist in the application 
process. For further Information call the 
Reserve Offi cer Recruitment office at 
236-6902. Bolh offi ces are open Monday 
th rough Friday, 8 am to 4 pm. 

• Men and women with low sex drives 
are being soughl for a drug study 
conducted by the Crenshaw Clinic. The 
study, currently in progress, is aimed at 
determining the aphrodesiac effects on 
sex drive and funcrion of a drug under 
investigatlon. Volunteers muS( be over 
25 and be in a stable heterosexual 
relationship for at least six months. 
They must also be in reasonably good 
health and not be taking other 
medication . In addition, volumeers must 
be willing to commit six months to the 
study. During the program, volunteers 
may partiCipate In free group therapy 
and medical and physical ev:aluations at 
the clinic. Those interdted may contact 
the Crenshaw Clinic at '291-6681. 

• 
The first annual Women s 

Opportunity Week 10K and Two Mile 
Fun Run will be held Sunday, October 
23 at 8 am at the La Jolla Village Square. 
Pre-registration can be done the day of 
the race at 6 am or in person at 
Athlete 's Laces located in the Square's 
Convenience Center. Thousands of 
dollars wonh of prizes wiU be awarded 
at a free drawing. You need not enter 
the race 10 register, and no purchase is 
necessary. Registration for the drawing 
will be held the day of the race, 6-7:30 
am. 

with one 01 our men in unifortn , a 
chance to find OUt how the other half 
lives (or dies). 
1976 ... 

Every quarter CAPE (Course and 
Professor Evaluation), a student-run , 
aUlOnomous organization , puts out a 
hefty handbook filled with student 
opinions about th e quality of education 
at UCSD. Dr. Herben York (formerly 
UCSD chancellor), chairman of the 
Teachers' Self Improvement Project sees 
CAPE ;\s a strong i.nnuence 10 tenure 
deCisions when the repon is pos itive. 
York sa id . "Something like CAPE is 
probdbly the best way there IS to fi nd 
out about how a professor reaches " 
1977 ... 

UCSD again ranked thlrd in research 
and development expenditures. cl imbing 
to heights of $82.3 mllhon last )'ear. 
UC D was lOpped only b)' Ihe 
University of WisconSin at Madison and 
MIT. It was nor only umil the early 70s 
thar UC5D beg'ln [0 ,Isce nd to its 
current SalUS as numb"r th ree. and it 

AS Forum 
In an effon to separate fact from propaganda, the AS Council on Wednesday 

night put off for another week a decision on whether not to repeal the current 
ASUCSD boycoo of Coors beer. The nationwide boycott was initiated because of 
alleged racist, sexist, and inhumane policies practiced at the Coors .brewery In 
Colorado. In the last two wedcs the AS CounCIl has been Inundated wtth material 
from the AFL-CIO and Coors concerning past and present Coors policies. 

Meanwhile, at Wednesday night's meeting, the possibility of a Coors boycott 
repeal brought a significant force of opposition from within the Council and from 
Larry Slekel, the Afl..-CIO Coors Boycott director. Mr. Siekel, a one-time Coors 
en:rpioyee, attraclrd national aUtntion as the lone dissenter against Coors in I 60 
Minuets segment on the nationwide boycoo issue. The segment, which was 
shown to the AS Council last week, portrayed a Coors company concerned with 
employee} and actively hiring minorities and women. Taped interviews with 
employees substantiatEd a bennolcnt Coors commitment toward employees. 

H~ver, Siekd prodairned before the council that the 60 Minilles segment was I 
whitewash, "For 60 Minutes to do what they did is nothing more than to make 
them the Natiorvll Enquftr oflV," said Siekel. "They had 25 people, other than 
myself. giving rrstimony against Coors on tape but chose not to air them. In a 15 
minute segment not more than 90 seconds of dissenting opinon was aired: 

In a speech to the council, SIekeI proceeded to describe the 105 year history of 
Coors as "anti-people." "lbey busted 19 unions before they busted mine: said 
Siekel. "As a worker at the plant, they loved to shove their personal politics and 
philosophy down )"OUI' throat. They would pay us to attend meetings where they 
fed us anti-communist and anti-homosexual material." 

AFL -CIO Coors Boycou director Larry Sidrd Cmtjtrs with AS Vict ~sidtl!l E/kabteh 
Woodworth at Iaa Wedntsday night's AS lIItering. 

Commissioner of Exrrmal Affairs Usa Stenmark was the mOit voca1 student 
supponrr of the boycou. After making the openinA mnarics bcforr the bo)'cott 
discussion, Sterunark passed out a four page memorandum stating some facts 
and experiences from her trip to the brewery in the summer as well as her 
personal feelinp concerning the Issue. 

In defense of the biD, Commissioner of Programming Greg Hemperly 
submitted a Coors publication stating the latest hiring policies and job codes. 
He!rty also offered a statement that questioned Mr. Siekel's principles. "Some 
peo are making a career doing this boycott. And their careers wiD be furthered 
by t is boycott: said Hemperty. "There's a lot of ulterior motives in this." 

Siekel admits that Coors has made improvements in its policies, but the quality 
and quantity of these improvements seems to be a major issue surrounding the 
boycott question. "How long can you keep waving the banner against Coors?" 
asked one council member in private. Siekel could not offer a specific date for the 
end of the boycott "The boycott has put the spotlight on the brewery. They have 
had big changes at Coors because of student and minority groups protests," said 
Siekel. -If you drop your boycOtt and others drop their boycotts you leave them In 
the dark so they could return to their old ways." 

The extra ~ek will alford Council members time to decide on an issue that has 
aroused considerable national interest because of the serious political and moral 
issues involved. The q~ions of human rights and fair hiring practices are 
related to those of public respon~ibility and social justice. Since the AS has 
committed itself to the economic sanctions against Coors, they also have the 
responsibility to monitor the progress, if any, toward the rectification of the 
problems in question. Council members must ask themselves, after examining 
the materials presented. if Coors has eradicated the problematiC policies and 
practices. And. if so, has the eradication been sulficiendy thorough and of 
enough duration to wammt the repeal of the Coors boycOtt? 

At the upcoming AS meeting some form of debate is expected between a Coors 
representative and Mr. Sickel. The debate may decide the issue, as an informal · 
poll found the decided council members to be split on the issue and many more 
wavering. 

has now le f• the other UC campuses far 
behind , With Berkeley coming in eighth 
and UCLA takin~ twelfth . 
1979 ... 

According to Kate Sullivan. director of 
CAPE, CAPE infonnation is intended 
primarily for use by ~rudents. While 
information is used to some extent by 
the different departments, Sullivan says 
the information is intended to allow 
students to make infonned course 
choices. The physics depanment 
considers the information essential. The 
evalu.uions are typed verbatim and 
prese nted to the depanment chairtnan , 
who reviews them before each professor 
sees hiS or her particular evalualion. 

- St£ven R. Friedman 

1980 ... 
In the two decades since the Peace 

Corps was first proposed to University 
of Michigan students , the international 
program has continued to draw most of 
irs over 80,000 volunteers from 
campuses such as UCSD. A Peace Corps 
volunteer will be on campus this coming 
Monday and Tuesday in the Revelle 
Plaza. While the origmal idealism has 
been observed to wane since October 
14, 1960, when then preSidential 
hopeful John F. Kennedy first adv.mced 
the idea of the Peace Corps, campuses 
have contmued to be responsive to the 
volunteer service. 

- Christopher Canole 

The History ofUCSD: 
The Final Picture 
By JAMES RALPH p~pp 

The college system at UCSD is 
unique, but not in the way its founders 
would have had it. First, its college 
system is successful, according to a 
review done last year, in giving everyone 
an education comparable to one he 
would receive in another university, with 
freedom of choice among several 
programs. However, the extent of the 
freedom (i.e. the extent of the 
differences among Ihe colleges) is not as 
great as the plans laid out. Second, the 
incredibly quick growth the founders 
had planned for UCSD has not , for 
various reasons, materialized. 

It is difficult to speak of the recent 
history of the colleges, because the 
departments have become of much 
larger importance in people's minds. 
This is natural in an academic 
community, especiaUy a largely non-
residential one, and in their strictest 
state as academic entities the colleges 
could nO( have survived after they 
became separarrd from the departments. 
Certainly our present system is 
satisfactory in giving students a choice 
among the amount and nature of 
general education reqUirements and the 
"personaillies" of the colleges. But 
because the choices are now not am~mg 
academic specializations so much as' 
between a strict or loose set of 
requirements, a strong bond among 

students, laculty and staff of a college 
does not exist. The problem grows 
worse as each college grows in 
population instead of more colleges 
being built lO 'accommodate small 
communities. 

~ for growth , it is not so much that 
when UCSD began the planners were 
nor faCing reality as that the reality of 
1964 was much different than that of 
today. There was the money and the 
inclination in the state government to 
open three UC campuses in one year. 
There was the expectation of population 
growth being able to fill a University of 
California at San Diego with nearly 
30,000 peorle by the 1990's and that 
the taxes 0 the new Cahfornians would 
support a campus of that size , in facl 
several of them. 

The last coUege to be built on the 
schedule of one every three years was 
Warren. Even if the plans for a fifth 
college materialize, the schedule will 
have been altered to a new college every 
dozen years. Of course there is plenty of 
new building going on at UCSD: 
apartments, a theater, lecture hafts, 
foundations and centers and pOSSibly a 
new law school. However, most of these 
bUildings are nOf connected to a 
particular college and contribute merely 
to a university identity. Interest , or at 

PRECISION 
HAIRCUTS 

for .... awa .... 
WIt, ,We c_".. ...,. 

Off.r ........ II{24/U. 
737 Pearl 456-1170 
La Jolla 456-1815 
-----------------~---------...... ---------f $10 PRECISION: PERM $29.50 HAIRCUT I Long Hair Extra. 

~--------------------for men" wo .. en I 
Shampoo, condition, cut. 

(Blowdry nol Included.) 
: MANICURE $5 

least financial interest, in the smaRer 
unit within the university seems to have 
declined. 

The creanon of a "university IOwn" 
around UC5D was offered early on by 
the city of San Diego. However, 
businesses provide more tax money 
than residential communities, and 
construction around UCSD not initiated 
by the University consists mostly of 
glass-walled office buildings and hotels 
and shopping centers for the upwardly 
mobile. The University is hoping to 

remedy that with the LaJolla Farms 
development . 

UCSD's most difficult problem in 
meeting its original conceptions, which 
seem to be worthwhile ones, is the 
investment the government is willing to 
contribute. We are one of the four 
universities in America most heavily 
funded for Federal researc h, but without 
aid fo r education UCSD will be 
academically and physicaUy unable to 
meet the demands of its growing 
populati on. 

INI lUlL., SIS'" J 
BECOME A HUM.~ COMPUTER IN 

99 HOURS FOR $199.00 
Complete program on audio cassettes, 

plus manual. 
'. 

This Is the original HUMAN FACTOR DATA 
EVALUATION SYSTEM begun In 1937 at PrInceton 
University and now available for the first time 

Instructed by the prime developer -
JA\1ES M. IEA5I.IY 

To order, or for additional informetlon CIII ('19) __ 1179. 



.. 

Editorial 

CAPE: Keeping class 
choice on an even keel 

What good is CAPE? It seems obvIous that professors (see story 
on page 7) do not put a great deal of faith in students' comments 
about them, so CAPEs impact on official professor evaluations 
must be minimal. CAPEs value, however, lies on a different level. 

The statistical, quantitative validity of CAPE is open to question, 
but for the new student, or one venturing into an· unfamiliar 
department, CAPE can provide an insight unavailable elsewhere. 
CAPEs value, then, stems from its ability to slice through the 
academic smokescreen and help individual students make a 
decision that takes into account the factors that are important to 
them. 

The point is that the evaluation the University makes of its 
professors and the evaluation that students make of their 
professors have little, if anything, in common. The University 

seeks a balance of teaching ability, intellectual rigor and academic 
prestige when it builds a faculty, Students, on the other hand, have 
a different set of imperatives for their professors, and each student 
places varying amounts of importance on each of these, 

Student A may want a comprehensive literature course to slake 
his or her intellectual thirst and an easy, entertaining physics 
course [0 satiSfy his or her graduation requirements, Student B, a 
hard-core physics major, may desire just the opposite. CAPE can 
help satisfy these different needs, if not perfectly, at least much 
more accurately than Russian roulette with the course catalog . 

CAPE is flawed. CAPE is controversial. But more importantly, 
CAPE is a unique sourcebook for students when it comes time to 
put together a class schedule. The boring, pedantic professor has 
little to fear from CAPE, but students have a lot to gain. 

II <efrfr<elr~ll <eilit<elf~ll cefctt<elf ~ll ®frfr®lf~ll <ettit~lf ~ll <erctt®lr~ll <efrfr<elf~ll <efrfr~lr ~ll 
fr~lr~lettersll<efrfr®lf~ll®frtt®lr~ll<efrtt(f;lf~ll®itfr®lf~ll<eilit<elf~ll<eilit<elr~ll<efrfr 
lf~ll®fdtce;lf~ll®frttcerr~ll®frtt<e;rr~ll~ttfr®lf~n®ilitcerr~ll®frtt<elf~ll<ettit®lf~ll®frtt<erF 
ll®frfr<err~ll®tttt®rr~ll®fctt®Ir~ll®frfr®Ir~ll®ttfr®rr~llcerctt®lr~ll®frfr<elf~llcefrfr®lfll~ Editor TIm August 

Man.siDl Editor 
Phil Lauder 
Copy Editor 

James Ralph Papp 
Opinion Editor 
Thomas Rankin 

As8ociaI£ News Editors 

Editor. 
I am writing this in response to your 

article that appeared in the Guardian on 
October 13, 1983 regarding the above 
subject mailer. I wam to make the 
following clear: In no way did the article 
reflect my views on the matter of "police 
questioning" as the president of the 
Black Students Union or as an 
individual victim of this incident. 

The Guardian stated that I was 
"embarrassed and a little demeaned," as 
though I were an emotional child. I was 
senously concerned about the 
implications of what occurred on that 
particular evening. 

At UCSD, there IS a pervasive feeling 
that anytime a rape, robbery. or any 
other type of criminal act is committed. 
a Black Or Chicano student (particularly 
male) is responsible. This feeling leads 
to a general mistrust among the majority 
community at UCSD IOward our Black 
and Chicano students. This "incident," 
which indeed could have been avoided . 
went a long way toward perpetuating 
this "atmosphere of suspicion" which In 
no small way serves 10 separate speci fic 
groups of students from complete 
acceptance as members of the c<lmpus 
commu nity. 

The inCident could have indeed been 
avoided. 10: a meeting held on Thursday. 
October j 3, 1983 comprised of myself, 
Curtis johnson (student detained for 
questioning), Dr. joyce JUStUS, Asst. to 
the Chancellor, Lt. John Anderson 
(Acting Police Chief), and Det. Bob 
Jones (UCSD police), I was informed 
that the invest igmi ng officers had the 
option to requ~st us 10 come to the 
police station the following day for 
questionmg and /or for photographing. It 
is my understanding that when students 
are suspects i • investigation of a 
crime, I( is not di fficult to contact them 
via their UCSO identification numbers, 
as we were, Why then , given that we 
openly questioned the officers' right to 
photograph us dnd lunher requested 
that the pholOgraphlng be done in a 
more private enVironment, was the 
previouSly mentioned option not 
exercised? • 

Additionally, the "victim" whose waUet' 
was stolen and who' subsequently 
reponed seeing two suspiciors black 

. males, further WjlS the Individual who 
caUed the policd officers to the gym on 
the evening of the incident. This 
witness WdS instructed by the polke 10 
meet them at !lie gym to identify the 
suspects in question , a responsibility 
which this IOdlVldu,ll never saw fit 10 
fulfill. 

It seems clear to me that this alone 
should have been reason enough for the 
supervising o!ficer [0 exercise his option 
10 question us at a more convenient 
time and in a less incrimlOating 
atmosphere, yet this option was not 
taken and we were subjected 10 [he 
photographing which we openly 
opposed. 

Let there be no mistake that 'the point 
in question for myself and the other 
students involved is not one of a moot 
point in the law. Rather, it IS one of 
whether the investigating officers' 
decision to carry out the interview in 
the manner in which it was handled 
was not a result of their minds being 
influenced by the same "atmosphere of 
suspicion" to which I have aDuded 
earlier. Second and most important, our 
concern is not with the embarrassment 
we had 10 endure (because it is tOO late 
to change that), but i: lie< 10 taking 
action to prevent this son of incident 
from occ urring in the future . To make it 
a regulation that when a student is to be 
questioned, expresses concern over the 
location of the interview and provides 
identification which enables the police 
10 keep track of the students, an 
appointment for a more discreet 
interview should be made. This would 
go a long way toward aUeviating the 
suspicions of students on this campus. 
More important, I would make the 
students of color feel more a pall of the 
campus community, thereby aiding in 
the effort to improve and increase 
recruitment and retention of students of 
color on this campus. 

Editor: 

Daryl EUis 
PreSident, 

UCSD Black Students Union 

A rcply to Laura Drakc. 
('m glad to discover - coullesy of 

L1UrJ Drake's leuer in your October 6th 
issue - thar llwarcncss 01 current 
events is solid evidence of concern and 
knowledge According 10 Laura I must fit 
[he bill of a model citizen. 

I re,ld the LA Tillie." New~week, TIIII", 
Thc jm/slllnll Po,t, Hnd the New Indl((II01 
regularly I WJtch M"t't the Pres;, 
Nightlmc, and TlJat's illnc(iI/,lc. Would 
you believe th,lt I ewn contribute 10 the 
Dernocratic Party and haven't missed a 
vote since attaining my majority? 

Not only dll I study current eve illS: I 
even work fllr a studcllI nc\\'~paper and 
h,lVe bcen active in Oppl1sing lhe Klu 
Klux Klan ,md lJlhcr hatc g,l1UP who 

have shown their faces here in San 
Diego. I must imagine that my priorities 
and those of Ms. Drake are quite similar. 

But wait! Behind this narrow range of 
concerns lies a human being (me) who 
IS ignorant and apathetiC toward many 
causes and areas of knowledge. I've not 
read the classics - I probably couldn't 
tell you their titles. I know that those 
Tijuana velvet palOtings are ugly and 
that is the extent of my wisdom about 
art. 

I'm a scientific illiterate. Ask my Math 
teacher in the Community Col1ege math 
course being offered at UCSD this year 
for remedial cases like myself. As far as I 
know, computers are only good for an 
excuse for a woman who would really 
rather nor see me regardless. And 
biology is a two·column short in Time 
magazlOe about some new and weird 
disease. 

Is it "ignorant" for me 10 have certain, 
particular interests about politiCS, while 
orher foUks have different drums 10 
march IO? Are they apathetiC because 
their contributions to humanity don't 
include marching in the streets or 
writlOg to politicians? 

Ms. Drake's diatribe - especially her 
finale, "their time will finally come" is 
truly an ignorant heap of dung. It 
indicates her profound self-centeredness 
in belieVing that her concerns are the 
only concerns worth haVing. And that 
her way is the only way to be a 
responsible citizen. If her piece is our 
only evidence regarding her denigration 
of UCSD students, perhaps she is right, 
we do have some "ignorant students" on 
campus. Let them have TGs without 
guilt!! ! 

Paul laz.erson 

Crossword Answm 

Mike Greenberg 
Lisa Lapin 

Features Editor 
Chris Young 
AIU Editor 

Andrew Keeler 
AssociaIIe Arts Editor 

john Nee 
Sports Editor 
Jeff Savage 

Photo Editor 
Rich Pecjak 

General MlM8er 
Chris Milke 

Associal£ General Mmagers 
Linda Lewis 

Valerie McMullin 
Photographers 

Richard Caterina 
Cynthia Cebula 
Rob Friedenthal 
Mark Johnson 

lUustraton 
Garnell Fitz-Henley 

Kathy Morrow 
T ypcsclUn . 

Joe Desiderio 
Anggie Lapid 
Phil Lauder 

Andy Laurence 
Chris Ostetwalder 

Production 
Hannah Abrams 

Lisa Jones 
Paula Montgomery 

Kelly Neal 

The UCSD Guardian is 
pubhshed Mondays and Thursdays 
during the academic year by 
students at UCSD. Reproduction 

. or use without permission of any 
portion of this newspaper IS 
strictly prohibited. Not responsible 
for unsolicited manuscripts or art. 

Our office is located southeast 
of the Revelle ProVOSt Office on 
the UCSD campus. The Business 
Office is open from 9 am 10 noon 
and 1 pm 10 S pm Monday 
through Friday. 

Subscriptions will be mailed for 
$1 S per quarter. 

The UCSD Guardian 
UCSD,8-016 

La Jolla, California 92093 
(619) 452·3466 

Ignorance Quiz 

And the winner is 
By THOMAS RANKIN 

The results are in and the winner is . 
.. Paul Lazerson. In fact, out of a 
possible 13,108 entrants, Mr. Lazerson 
was Ihe only UCSD student 10 submit 
answers to last week's ignorance quiz. 
Although Mr. Lazerson won by default, 
his answers'are quite good, and they are 
reprinted below (preceded by the letters 
PL) along with my comments and 
elucidations (preceded by the letters 
TR) where I deemed fir. 

Mr. Lazerson also sent along a letter 
(which is on page 4) Ihal contains some 
interesting observations. 

1) Who is our US congrts.Slru:m? Who 
1m our stnators? What political parties do 
thty btlong to? 

PL 8iU Lowery, Rep. AI CranslOn, 
Dem. Pete 'Mr. San Diego' Wilson, Rep. 

2) Why is Govtmor ~orgt Deukmejian 
cUlting heavily inlO stale programs? The 
/ibt,.,d state ltgislature had another way of 
dealing with the problem which the 
gowmor Vitoed. What was it, and why did 
Deukmejian disapprOVt? 

PL The "Duke" is cutting social 
programs because he doesn't want to 
raise taxes as the libera~ would prefer. 
This lrue shortage of money in the state 
coffers is a direct consequence of 
Proposition 13 which cut property taxes 
drasticaBy. 

TR True, but the shortage of state 
money can also be blamed on the liberal 
legislature, which has shown a marked 
willingness to tax and spend the state 
into economic Oblivion. 

3) Who actlUJlly btntfilltd most from 
the "homtowners' rtvolution" and 
Proposition 13? 

PL larte land owners benefitted the 
most, but aD homeowners gained 
something. 
. TR Correct. The large landowners, 
however, usually have an "Inc." tacked 
oruo the end of their names. Over 
three-quaners of the tax benefits, in fact, 
went (0 business concerns, which is a 
plus for agriculture and for business and 
the economy in general, but this is 
somewhat ironic in 'light of the war cries 
that arose during Howard Jarvis' day in 
the limelight. 

4) What is the "Goldtn Triangle," and 
what clots it mtan to UCSD students? 

PL The Golden Triangle is an area 
containing pans of Burma, Thailand and 
Cambodia which produces the opium 
poppy. For UCSD the significance of 

this area is minimal unless some of our 
people take heroin in which case they 
are stuck with Mexican brown. 

TR Correct, but I was talking aboUt a 
different (and less weD-known) Golden 
Triangle, namely that which lies east of 
UCSD. This area ;s slated for 
development into a cluster of high-rise 
office buildings and condominiums. For 
UCSD students it wiD mean more traffic 
congestion, fewer available housing unils 
and higher hOUSing costs. 

5) What nation is supplying arms to 
Salvadoran rtbtls V)Q Nicaragua? Where 
dots this "btneflCiary" get these 
armaments? What nation is supplying arms 
to NicamglUJn rebels in an effort to halt the 
flow of Ihest arms? 

PL Cuba. USSR. USA. 
6) How many Sovitllroops are thtrt . 

fighting in Ajhanistan? Why don't 
Americans tver htar about this conflict? 

PL 120)21.5. Leftisl American rress 
organizations refuse to cover it, 0 
course. 

TR 120,321.5? The figures I've heard 
quoted range from 100,000 to 110,000, 
but the fact remains that there are a heU 
of a lot of them. As far as why we do not 
read about this conflicl, the ideological 
leanings of the American press have, as 
far as I'm concerned, litde effect. War is 
good copy, and good copy seDs ads. 
More likely is the fact that, unlike the 
Viemam Media Zoo, the Soviets have 
placed a vigorous news blackout over 
the whole area. Some news is sneaked 
OUI, but there are no live minicam 
reports, no Pentagon generals to 
harpoon and very few pholos. Words 
without photos fiU space that could be 
fiUed with more "titiBating" information, 
so we do not see them. 

7) Dots Ltbanon exist anymore? What 
recent Soviet moVi makes Israel's new 
"buffer zont" impotent? What recent Israeli 
movt malzts one suspect thaI tht southtm 
portion of Ltbanon will soon have a ntw 
/lQ1IIt? 

PL II never did. If you want 10 split 
hairs there is a Lebanon which is 
recognized by the UN. Big bad 55-20 
Soviet missiles; but listen here, don't 
ever believe the Israelis are impotent; 
look at al of those big noses and hairy 
chests. Israeli maps have been using 
Hebrew names for places in Southern 
Lebanon and Ihe border on those maps 
is becoming fuzzy. 

TR -It never did" is a statement 
which betrays Mr. Lazerson's patronage 
of The Jerusalem Post. If we can accept 
that Lebanon was a COUntry, we can see 
that it is now made up of Syria, Israel, 
and a multi-national/Christian 
hodgepodge clinging to the areas 
surrounding Beirut. SS-l9s, nO( 55-20s. 
Southern Lebanon has more than a few 
Hebrew names; it now has a closed 
northern border controlled by Israeli 
troops. Lebanese are aHowed to cross 
only on foot . Was that, I wonder, 
reported in The Jerusaltm Post? 

8) All but a handful of countries have 
sten an increast in the lift expf!Ctancy of 
thtir populace. What group of countries 
buck this trend, and which one has sten 
life expectancy faD by more than three 
years? 

PL Ethiopia, Sudan, Chad, Uganda, 
Cambodia and the South African 
"homelands." 

TR The only nation which has seen 
its life expectancy drop by more than 
three yean is the Union of Soviet 
Socialist Republics. Soviet men, in fact, 
can now expect to live five years less 
than their forebears. Other European 
countries which have suffered a loss in 
life expectancy are ' aD in the Soviet Bloc. 

9) Whl:! is &Jb Hawke and what is it 
that malzts him somewhat of an unusual 
bird? 

PL The Australian prime minister who 
holds a Guiness Book of World Records 
record for beer guzzling. 

TR Correct, in sentiment if nOI in 
fact. Aside from his reputation as a 
drinker and a womanizer, Bob Hawke is 
a former labor leader and a self-taught 
economist. 

10) What is the northern portion of 
Chad now caUed? 

PL SoUthern Libya or maybe a new 
Soviet Republic. 

TR Probably both . 
11) What country in Africa has a border 

probltm simi/tJr to the US's where blacks 
are .flocking across in search oj bttltr living 
conditions? 

PL Nigeria and to a lesser extent 
South Africa - which is a black African 
nation. 

TR I was going to say South Africa in 
order to funher my shameless quest for 
irony. 

12) Where is Rallfnscraig and how 
might it playa role in making the steel 
industry mort like other metals induslrits? 
What 'wld has taken place in Iht stetl 
industry in tht past dt.cadt? What role haw 
banks and thr. IMF played in c~ating a 
siluation where there are now impending 
tradt. restrictions designed to prtVint 
dumping of stet' by developing countries? 

PL Ravenscraig is a house in an 
English novel; I don't know the title (I 
did an of these questions without using 
a reference bookl). I think il is probably 
a new type of foundry. The IMF is 
threatening dumping countries with a 

October 17 1983 5 
01'1"1( ) ..... 

cut-off of loans unless they stop burning 
the patron of the IMF, the USA. 

TR Ravenscratg is in Great Britain, 
and it is the site of one of that country's 
few modern steel plants. (Overly) simply 
Slated, there is a plan in the works to 
ship slab steel from Ravenscraig 10 the 
US, where i[ will be rolled, etc., into a 
finished product I don't know which 
US plant wiD be used (I wrote and 
answered aU these questions without 
using a reference book.). The practice of 
multi-national production is quite 
common in other metals industries, but 
the Ravenscraig plan is a break with the 
great, floundering Steel Tradition. 

The recent trend in steel shows that 
developing nations have the edge 
because of cheaper labor and more 
modern facilities, whicb were built with 
money from the IMF and US banks. 
This is (ahem) ironic because the 
established steel producers still rely on 
outdaled facilities, which may lead to 
protectionism in the extreme. (t realize 
now that it was a mistake to ask this 
question . It would take many pages of 
text to fully detail the problems the steel 
industry is grappling with . My 
apologies.) 

13) Deaths at Ihe hands of IRA 
terrorists have dtcreastd dramatically in 
recent years. At the same time, another 
statistic has Increased and shown a clost 
relationship in the drop in dtalhs. What is 
this other statistic, and what recent ellfnt 
may (if this causal relationship is taken 
litemlly) CaUst a new spurt of terrorist 
activity resulting in more dtaths? 

Pl No capital punishment. Arrest of 
families, increased surveillance? 

TR As terrorist deaths have dropped, 
Britain's prison population has swollen 
dramadcaDy. The reccent mass escape of 
IRA members may lead to a new spurt of 
terrorist activities. . 

14) Why may dentists' drills soon 
become unnecessary except in unusual 
cases? 

Pl Why nor? Do you like dentists' 
drills? What kind of a shmuck are you, 
anyway? ActuaUy, lasers wiU do the 
work. 

TR Sony. Lasers won't do the work. 
There is a new chemical (awaiting FDA 
approval) that totaUy dissolves cavities. 
Drills will only be necessary to expose 
cavities that lie below the surface. 

• 
That's it. Almost. Mr. Lazerson has 

kindly proVided me with aoolher 
question which I wiD caD Ignorance 
Quiz II . Anybody who can answer it 
before next Monday will receive a one-
fourteenth reproduction of Mr. 
lazerson's Certificate of Non-Ignorance, 
which should be about the size of a 
postage stamp. Good luck. 

Q Who kiUed Lord Mayne? Where 
was he killed? What type of 
transportation did his assailam(s) use? 
Was he (Ihey) apprehended? If so, what 
was the punishment? Why would this 
be in the world news recently? 

AM_"'-""nc .. __ . SoItU.S.I_~' -------------='---------"""'---------: .. ~If!:::~~I!111~------' 

Imported Moose"'. Staads head ... aden'" the nit. 
(J:~~ 

IIAU POI MOOSEIIAl WlEN YOU DlINI DON'T DIIYE. 



The primary obJecllve of the orne. of 
Disabled Student ServIce. Is to I_grale 
and malnstleam disabled students Into 
general campus program. and activities. 

Disabled Student Services 
University of California, 

San Diego 

The ability of each disabled student 10 
function Independently In the educational 

envlronlnent II the. ullimate goal. 

I 
* DISAlIUTY MANAGEMENT ADVISING 
* ACADEMIC SUPPORT COORDINATION 

Readers, Interpreters, Notetakers 
*ACADEMIC SUPPORT SPECIAL EQUIPMENT 

STUDY ROOM 
The Academic SUpport Special Equipment 
Study Room Is located at Disabled Student 
Services and Is open from 8:30 am to 4m pm, 
Monday through Friday, for use by disabled 
students. 

*SPECIAL EQUIPMENT LOAN .RVICE 
Manual wheelchairs, battery-powered 
wheelchairs, cassette recorders, talking 
calculators, print enlargers, 
telecommunication phone devices for the 
deaf, the Phonic Ear, the Optacon Print 
Reading System, and other supportive 
special equipment for disabled students are 
available at Disabled Student Services. 

*E&UIPMENT REPAIR SERVICE 

I 
*ON CAMPUS TRANIPOITATION 

Disabled student ServIces operates a prlor-
scheduled OI'HXJmpus transportaflon system 
for disabled studentl. Prior-scheduled pick-
up "mea can be reserved by disabled 
students from 8:AS am to 3:45 pm. Monday 
through friday. for on-campus transportation 
needs. PrIor nottftcaHon by regular u ..... of 
the transportation system II required by 
Thursday at 12~ noon In order to change 
their schedules for the following Monday 
through friday. New users of the 

tran~.allon system can schedule their 
transportation needl for the current slgn-up 
week. On-call transporta"on requests can be 
made by disabled studentl. but orH:a1l 
transportation services will be provided only 
after all prior-scheduled ptck-ups have been 
completed. 

*SPECIAL ON CAMPUS HOUSING 
COORDINATION 

Minor repairs to wheelchairs and other *SPECIAL PARKING COORDINATION 
mobility-related equipment are available at *REGlSTRAnON ASSISTANCE 
Disabled Student Services by appointment. 
Appointments are not necessary In *SPECIAL BIIOUMENT COORDIMAnON 
emergency situations. * Id'-TAKINe AlRANCHMENIS 

*REFERRAIS TO RESOURCES. SERVICES AND •• IOURCE UIRUY 
AGENCIES *'=IAlION WITH 'DE CAlIFORNIA STATE 

* ACCESSIIIUTY MAP FOR THE DISABIID DEPAImIEN1' OF IEHAIIUTATION 
* AWARENESS PROGRAM * OUTIEACH PROGUM 

. 1 L ____________________ ~ 

Additional Informatlon:-------------:.l....-----, 
DISABLED STUDENT SERVICES 

I 
, 

" \ 

SECONDROOR 
STUDENT HEALTH SERVICE BUIlDING 

ELEVATOR ACCESSIIII 
MAIL CODE Q .019 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA. SAN DIEGO 
lA JOLLA. CALIFORNIA 92093 

(619) 452 .382 
(619) 452·2494 TDD ('elephone for the 

ag"'lT,1983 7 
I ' " 

The answers to the 
questions about CAPE 
By JOAN FORSBERG 

Mention the student publication Course and Professor EllClluations (CAPE for shon) and UCSD students, faculty and adminislration 
respond with conflicting opinions on the function and 
wonh of CAPE. Since its inceprion in 1973, CAPE has 
been both commended and denounced. 

Funded by the Instructional Improvement 
Comminee of the California State Budget, CAPE 
employs runners, editors and computer expens who 
wol'it diligendy during the year to provtde a standard 
university-wide evah.aation of courses and professors at 
UCSD. 

During the seventh '«ek of each quaner, CAPE 
runners visit evety class and request students to 
complete questionnaires concerning the professor and 
the course. Then the CAPE wIT compiles and 

~~es the questionnaire resuks in their annual 
Now in its tenth year of existence, the entirely 

student-run CAPE has become a solidly estahlished 
p\blimoon. Students use CAPE revi~ as guides in 
choosing their classes. Professors consider CAPE an 
imponant !IOUl'Ce of student feedback for improving 
their teaching. 

"It is common for a depanment to use CAPE for its 
yearly evah.aations and evaluations of professors up for ' 
tenure," says CAPE Editor Patty Revilla. Several other 
universities, including the University of Oregon and 
BriJtham Young Umverslty, have requestedtIie. CAPE 
stall's assistance in organizing similar publications at 
their own schools. 

Even though it offers a valuable service to . both 
students and faculty, CAPE is not Without cntlclSm. . 

Problems with the wording of questions , the analYSIS 
of statistics and the editorializing of comments have 
led the CAPE staff to continuaUy examine and improve 
their methods of survey and compilation. 

Supervising Editor Ken Kebow finds difficulty in 
designing a questionnaire t~at will be used to evaluate 
professors and courses in different ~Isclplines, from 
the physical and social sciences to .the h~ral and , 
performing arts. Questions concemmg an mstructor s 
lecture techniques are Irrelevant an lab or group-
discussion courses. 

Other factors innuencing Ihe accuracy of the CAPE 
evah.aations include the number of students returning 
questionna~s, the pen:enrage of students who drop 
the course bdore the survey is conducted and the 
experience of the professor in teaching a panicular 
course. . 

Kebow maintains, however, that CAPE offers a fairly 
precise appraisal of professors in. convent.ional .courses. 
"CAPE is as accurate as a subjective questionnaire can 

be. We go over questionnaire by questionnaire and 
read every one. Equal wei~t is give~ to both th~ good 
and the bad comments. Then we wnte an objective 
paragraph that gives a good feeling of what students 
can expect from a class." 

Revilla adds, "All Ihe information we get is. from the 
students .. If a class was reaBy good, they say It was 
good. If the class was bad, they say it was bad. It " 
depends on each student's personallmerpretauon. 

CAPE is the only IOrmal student evaluation in many 
depanments on campus. Its repons are often included 
in faculry files for reference during reviews for . 
reappoinui1ent, tenure, meril increase and promotion. 

The criteria in considering a professor for 
advancement are resean:h in a field relevant to the 
discipline of the department, service to ~e dep~rtment 
and the academic community and teachmg ability. 

The debate has arisen in the departments as to 
whether CAPE is an accurate measure of teaching 
effectiveness or is merely a popularity contest. Many 
faculty members assert that a professor's success in a 
course does not depend exclusively on the student's 

subjecti~ reactions to thaI course or professor. 
"Althouah '« make a conscientious effort to place. 

CAPE evakaations in faculty r.les at the time when a 
faculty member is being considered for cenain major 
reviews, there is some skepticism in usmg student 
subjectiw: evaluations: says Dr. Thom,~s ~bhn , vlce-. 
chairman of the History Depanmenl. Beang popular IS 
nO( in itself a vital criterion for the evalualion of 
exceDence in teaching." 

Uterature Chairman Dr. David Crowne believes that 
CAPE is the easiest method of receiving general 
student feedback. It is not the only factor in 
determining a professor's teaching proficiency. 

"The CAPE rating provides a single, standard 
measurement. It is the most available , but not 
necessarily the best or the broadest, evaluation: states 
Crowne. "We try 10 look at teaching from .other angles 
as weD. We look at syllabi , exams and assignment 
sheets .... The CAPE ratings are insufficient as a 
measure by themselves." 

The amount of knowledge a student acquires in a 
class is IlO( necessarily a reflection of the teaching style 
of the instructor. "The entenaining lecturer is going to 
receive more favorable reacuons than the scholarly 
lecturer, at the expense of compromising subject matter 
for theatrics," explains Biology Chairman Dr. Herben 
Stem. , 

In the role of professor as stimulator of students 
perceprion of the world, "the best teacher may be the 
least popular teacher," emphasizes Dr. Crowne. 

A poor rating on a CAPE repon does nOl prevent a 

Thomas Dublin. assistant vice chairman of the History Dept. 

professor from receiving tenure. Professor peer . 
critiques, individual student letters, research projects 
and Service to the department are of greater 
irnponance than subjective stUdent evaluations of the 
professor in the classroom. 

"We do read CAPE reports, and they are pan of .the 
professor's documentation, but they are only one piece 
of data among others: assens Math Chairman Dr. 
Huben Halkin. 

"It is helpful to have CAPE included in faculty files, 
but only as an added informational suppleme.nt to 
reaDy solid information from the depanment, agrees 
Muir ProVOSt John Stewan. . 

Stewart maintains that usuaUy the CAPE evaluations 
concur with peer reviews and student leners. He adds, 
ho'«ver "In the absence of a good CAPE rating. the depanm~nt should produce solid , reliable evidence 
that proves the CAPE rating is incorrecL 

Biology Chair Dr. Stem mdlcates that extremely I~w 
CAPE ratings may be an indication that a professor IS 
teaching in an environment, such as a large leclure 
haU, in which he or she is uncomfortable. In thiS case, 
the professor may be moved to a more ap.ro~nate 
sening that will enable him or her to maXimIZe hiS or 
her teaching effectiveness. 

Although departments do nOl regard CAPE .. 
evaluations as the absolute measure of teachang abllaty, 
they recognize the need of student input in the 
educational process. 

"We rely fairly heavily 9n CAPE, and we. also have 
our own evaluations," says Visual Ans Chairman Helen 
Harrison. "We don't think they are ideal instruments 
for judging teaching effectiveness, but they at least give 
us some type of feedback. There are many vanal1les 
thaI can affect a subjeClive evaluation, such as the 
student's mood on the day of the evaluation, the 
student's grade in the class or even the weather. A 
couple of negative responses don't bother us. Over aU. 

tum to 24 

.----------------------------------, : SPAGHETTI! :. 
: ALL YOU CAN EAT! : 
: $2.50 i 
: Mondays: 3:00 'pm til close I. 
: r---------ITcsD-sp;ci~r---------1 : 
I IFREE Pitcher of Beer with any large Pizza I : 
II I with this 2'! ___________ .1 • 

----------------- I I Open for Breakfast at 9:00 am • 
: Phone Ahead 452-0661 All Item« Available To Go! I 
, 5 minutes from UCSD' campus Enjoy Monday Night Football at Jenny's I 

. KITCHEN 
La Jolla VII. Conven~e Cenfer 

Nex( to R;Jlphs and Sav-On 
Chicago Style italian Eatery 

Drift, UnIYenky CIy, S.f __ y Shoppint c-ler 
Houn. 9am • 9pm daily; 9am - 11 pm Friday and Sarurday 457-3334 ., 



.. 

President's Message 
One of the main functions of the ASUCSD Council is to suppon 

alternative media on campus. From our $240,000 annual budget (which is 
comprised of the $8 quanerly Campus Activity Fee) we in tum allocate 
monies to various media on campus, including The Koala, The People's 
Voice, L'Chayim, La VOZ Fronteriza and the new indicator . 

The production of these papers involves literaly hundreds of students. Since we 
do nol haw a department ofjournalism at UCSD, alternative media is one of the 
Jew areas on campus in which students can gain exptr1en" in journalism. In 
addition - as alternative media implies - UCSD as a whole benefits from the free 
dissemination oj ideas, ideas which are not expressed elsewhere. 

Nevertheless. requests for Junding by campus newspapers haw outgrown the 
ASUCSD's ability to support them. While we haw the smallest AS budget oj any 
UC, our media budget, currently at $50.000 is the largest. 

Who should get money? This question became very controversial last year when 
the ASUCSD aUocated the CaliJornia Review funding, and through referendum 
of student petition, the funding was revoked. Should newspapers with a 
larger, more static readership get more money than those papers with a 
smaller, stronger and more coherent readership? Should papers be funded 
(or not funded) because of political content? 

[ believe that these questions can and should be answered by the readers 
and supporters of alternative media on campus - students. 

Currently [am encouraging legislation which would call for a referendum 
on campus media which is supported by the ASUCSD. Said referendum 
would seek input from everyone as to which media get funding. We can 
only fund so many newspapers, so [ say let the readers decide. 

Would smallr minority papers be at a disadvantage to larger papers? [ 
believe not. Many of the minority groups on campus have enjoyed the 
strongest political following on campus. People appreciate the different 
perspectives on campus. 

[f you have any questions or would like to offer input or suggestions into 
the matter please feel free to stop by the AS office (above EDNA in the 
student center). 

Schuler 
Wurrey 
Wurrey 
Andemop 

an: located in rOOm lIB of. $(' •• 
.n:lSsJrom tM F~. 
'~~JI; by and ,~,It 6iit tilt _ ... _ 

Attention All Muir Students 

Craig W. Lee 
ASUCSD President 

It is time to get involved. Uncle John wants you to represent Muir on the 
follOWing advisory committees: 

Bookstore 
Parking and transportation alternatives 
Financial Aid Services 
Student Recreation FaCility Building 
Student Health Services 
Councetling and Psychological Services 
Also open is position of Commissioner of Public Relati ons on the Muir 

College Council. Applications are available at MOM. Apply Today! 

Internship Infonnation Nite 
[f you are interested in finding out how to acquire profeSSional-level 

work experience in your field of Interest. don't miss thi s meeting! The AS 
Interns hip Office offers valuable employment opportunities in San Diego, 
Los Angeles, Sacramento, New York and Washington, D.C. For more 
information call 452-4689 or attend the meeting Thursday, Oct. 20 at 7 pm 
in USB 3060. Be There!!! 

COME TO ~ 
1ST VANCE Of nt::YfAR! 

WHERE ... 
iii 

MUSIC BY: 
~exprtsS-

WIWN: .MutR CA~TER'A 
Wkea: OCTOBER 21,\9&3 
Tooe: 9:00 .. 12:30 

UCSD's Radically Inclined Ski Club 
The next meeting is Wednesday, Del. 19 at 8 pm in the Recreation 

Conference Room. Ski movies, happy hour and info about snowmass. [f you 
want to join the R.I.S.C ultimate disc team , come in and sign up. 

Snowmass tickcts are on sale now through Nov. L8. Win a free trip to 
Snowmass in the ski club ca r roily on Nov. 11. [f you don 't win . the 
Kamikazc PJrty b at the end of the rally. (Extra Incentive!) 

What Bird??? 
Rock with the SunGod. If you are interested in being on the 
SunGod Festival Committee please contact Marc Boroditsky at 
452-4450 or apply in the AS. Office. 

Get Involved in the International Club 
Come join the International Club and help plan all kinds of fun events, 

and meet all kinds of people from around the world. It's a great opportunity 
for cultur:,al exchagge. Open to everyone! Next meeting is October 20 at 
noon at the International Center. 

UCSD IEEE Meeting Scheduled 
Mr. Arvid Sammuli, a UCSD graduate now working for Burroughs 

Corporation, will speak on the new semi-custom design methods that 
Burroughs is now developing panicularIy as they relate to testing and 
testability. The speech wiU be on Wednesday, Oct. 19 from 4 to 5 p.m. in 
B[O 2135 

Lecture on california Sea Lions 
"California Sea Lions: Their Present Status and Present Research Efforts~ 

by Larry Hansen of the National Marine Fisheries Service will be held 
Thursday, Oct. 20 at 7 p .m. in the Nonh Conference Room. Sponsored by 
the Friends of the Sierra Club. 

Attention Prytanean Society Members 
An organizational meeting for members of the Prytanean Sociery, will be 

held Thursday, October 20 at 7 p.m. We'll discuss future actiVities. Meeting 
at room No.2, upper noor of the student center. For funher information call 
452-4390. 

Dance!Dance!Dance! 
Dance to the NoNa me Saturday, Oct. 22 at Why NO! Here? (Revelle 

Campus) at 9:30 pm. There is life beyond dorm panies. Have a blast with 
the UJS/ IAC! 

Presentation by the 
SAN DIEGO MOUNTAIN RESCUE TEAM 

7pm Oct.18 Rec Conf Rm 

----....... 

Wider ness equipment 
swap meet from 5-7pm 

n~/HI,.'mt'II' "I I'll." .• ;,,", /:'rllll'nl;tJI' .\' 10:17 

• 
Week IV at 

Breakfast served 8-1l am M-F. Lunch , dinner and 
snacks served 11 am to 7 pm. 

Live Music Daily 
Classical, Jazz, Pop and Rock and Roll 

. 

Special Events: 
Wednesday. Oct. 19 another . .. 

"All you can eat" spaghetti. garliC bread and 
salad from 7 to 9 pm for $3.00 

Wednesday, OCt. 19 - Open Poetry 
Bring your stull Participate! 

Saturday. Oct. 22 - Dance Benefit 
Stop the cruise missile with the 

Women's Support Group 
The Women's Support Group offers a supportive environment for UCSD 

women. Bring your pams, problems, and dreams. Women's Resource 
:::enter, next £0 food co-op Tuesday at 6 pm. 

Happy Birthday Heather! 



.. 

10 October l 7, 1983 
~EWS 

Phi Delts install 
fitness court 
By NINA MANZI 

The new Fitness COUrt, the latest Phi 
Delta communiry service project and 
one of several new health faclli[les at 
UCSD, will officially open this Friday. 

Depanment Will offer lunchtime clinics 
with demonstrations of proper 
techniques for using the stations. 

, 

, 

Located to the north of the main gym, 
the Fitness Court features sixteen of the 
t\venty exercise stations that can be 
found on the Fimess Trail (in the 

The construction of both thc Fitness 
Trail and Coun was financed by gifts 
and grants from campus and private 
organizations, including the Chancellor's 
Association and Wells Fargo Bank. 

Members oj Ihe Phi exlta Theta JratemilY hauled sand and construcled Ihe 
slations Jor Ihe Fitness Cour!, which opens loday. 

woods behind Central Library). While 
stations on the Trail are spread out ove r 
a IIfl mile course, the Court concept 
enclosed them in 36 square feet, 
enablmg users of the Court to run either 
before or after their workout. 

The stations take the' exerciser from 
stretching activities to ones fot 
manipulation of a greater percentage of 
body weight, and the workout finishes 
with "cool down" exercises to return the 
body to normal. Large wooden signs 
explain how best to use the Court, and 
within the next few weeks the PE 

Once the 9,000 bUilding cost was 
obtained, John Cares of the PE 
Depanment and members of the Phi 
Delta Theta fraternity provided the 
actual labor. They also cooperated in the 
development of the Fitness Trail last 
year. 

the fraternity. 
Although the ,Fitness Coun wiU be 

ready for student use today, the grand 
opening will nor take place until Friday. 
Vice Chancellor of Student Affairs Joe 
Watson, AS President Lee and Phi Delta 
Theta President Haddad are scheduled 
to participate, and Cates also hopes that 
Chancellor Atkinson wiD find time to 
join· the ceremony. 

Both Cates and current Phi Delta 
Theta President David Haddad agree 
that it was Craig Lee, current AS 
president and last year's Phi Delta Theta 
preSident, who generated and 
maintained enthusiasm for the 
community service among members of 

The Fitness Court is only one step in 
increasing students' awareness of health 
and fitness, indicated by the newly 

Grldultlng Seniors", 

YOU THAIETOBE 
A OR 

" -

'. 

TO BE PART OF -THE TEAl THAT EXPLORES AID 
CONOUERS NEW FRONTIERS IN HEALTH CARE 

There are many exciting opportunities in the health care 
Industry for individuals with ./lon-medical degrees . 
Some of the most challenging careers are to be found 
with an industry leader - American Hospital Supply 
Corporation . 
Our 25 + divisions employ more than 30,000 indivi' 
duals whose efforts have resulted in a product line of 
more than 136,000 items vital to the hospital , labora-
tory , medical specialties and international markets . 
American has ongoing career opportu flities available 
within our Sales Departments for Business, Economics, 
Life Sciences and other applicable majors. We also 
have opportunities available lor Engineering graduates 
in Manufacturing and Research and Development 
Engineering. 

If you would like to learn more about our company and 
these exciting engineering and sales positions, I 
ropnllfltltlvo wit be on Clmpul Itto"dl"g "" STEP 
progrlm, 0ctIII1f 21 , to give you more information, 
Please sign up now at your Placement Office lor an on-
campus interview. Our recruitIng dlill Ire: MondlY, 
October 24, TlllldlY, October 25, Ind WodlllldlY, 
Novomblr 2, Ind ThurldlY, NO¥lmber 3. 
Plan to meet with our representatives : JIY JoIIII, 
AmorlCln Edwlrdl lIborllorlol , 17221 Red Hill 
Avenue, Irvine CA USA 92714; Allllln PrIll, AmorlCln 
Modlcal OptlCI , 17817 Gilletle, Irvine CA USA 92714 . 
Future requests for information/applications should be 
directed to the attention of one 01 the above individuals. 
We are an equal opportunity employer mit/h . 

Amerlcln Hosplill Supply Carpor.llon ";1'1 .. 
••• ••• .. ,~~ .. 

established Health Promotion and 
Prevention Subcommittee of the Student 
Health Advisory Committee, of which 
Cates is chair. Cates is anticipating 
Health and Fitness Week '84, which will 
be kicked off by a [Wo day conference 
hosted by UCSD and conducted by the 
President's Council on Physical Fitness 
and Spons. This series of dinics, to be 
given by expens from aU areas of spons, 
fitness and nutrition, is a special honor 
for UCSD, as this will be the first time 
in nine years that the dinic will be held 
on the West Coast. 

~-----------------, Home a OffIce Machines 

IfentalleSa .... semc.eSUppI ... 
Cary In for .... estimates on repairs. 
SpecIalizing In portable typewriters. 

I $2 OFF with thl. ad r 
2523 Morena Blvd. t 

275-3340 I 
L ___ ~~~JU~L~ ___ J 

Savor the Flauor 
of Authentic BBQ 
r-$j-OF~l 
I • I 
I any Item I 
: Does not include ~ : 
I or beverage IlelTl5. I 
L Offer expires 12·1-83. J 
----------UMo.t'.BBQ 
623 Pearl St, La Jolla 

454-7597 

Campus clubs reveal 
themselves at Bizarre Bazaar 

tables. 
Williams sees the event as a chance 

10 encourage more students to become 
active in I .. hflerent organizations. "I 
would like to see more participation, 
then more funding, which Will allow us 
10 sponsor larger events." 

Some organizations, such as the 
Model United Nations and the Israel 
Acllon Committee, set out tables and 
distributed lea nets 10 interested By DENA ROSEN 

An array of school clubs set out tables, 
dispensed mformation , and recruited 
members on the Hump last Friday, 
October 15, as pan of the "Bizarre 
Bazaar." 

"The purpose of the event," says 
Marietta Williams, the coordinator of the 
Bazaar, "is 10 affiliate students with the 
Student Center and Student 
Organizations. Many student know litde 
about the different organizations and 
cooperatives on campus, and this is one 
way to get them involved ." Williams. an 
admilllstrative assistant for Student 
Orgalllzations, says that it is "great 
advertISement and public relations for 
the organizallons; it helps them become 
better known ,on campus." 

The Bizarre Bazaar has been an 
annual event since 1979, and it receives 
funding from the Student Center, 
Student Organizations and the 
Associated Students (AS) Council. Out of 
the more than 150 clubs on campus 
only 40 participated, mainly due to a 
shortage of club members to run the 

Wanta 
professional 

• career In 
journalism? 

be the 

Sacramento 
Correspondent 
Applications are now being 
accepted for the position of 

Sacramento Correspondent [0 
serve the UC student 

newspapers. Anyone with 
journalism or writing 

experience and an interest in 
state politicS should apply. 
The position e>(tends from 

January to June and the salary 
is S635/month. All office 

telephone and clerical needs 
are provided. For more 

information caU Tim August at 
(619) 452-3466. 

Send your resume and 
clips to: 

The UCSD Guardian 
UCSD,8-016 

La Jolla, Ca. 92093 
attn: Sac. Correspondent 

All applications must be 
postmarked by 

JO-25-83. 

All applicants must be available 
October 28·30 Jor final 

interviews to be held with the 
UC student newspaper editors in 

Santa Barbara. 

~ .............. - ....... '" ........... ~ ....... , 

students. Other groups, such as the 
Black Student Union, are expanding 
their image , specificaUy ro increase their 
focus on political and social ISSueS. The 
Students Against Draft Registration are 
remstating their organization and were 
signing up possible members. 
Encouraging involvement in tommiuees, 
and in student government in general , 
was the goal at the AS Council table. 
The Che Cafe, the Daycare Center and 
the Catholic Communiry or UCSD held 
bake sales to raise money and 10 
publicize their organi zat ions. 

Attracting enough intrest to form a 
club was the aim of the Urban Studies 
and Planning Depanment. which gave 
out information about the major. Other 
organizations which were represented 
included University Events, Lesbian and 
Gay Organization, Chinese Student 
Organization. lacrosse team and Oasis. 

"I am very pleased with the way it has 
turned out," says Williams. "The 
organizations are having a great time, 
and it has been a real succe~s ." 

"A MOVIE WITH ALL 
'THE RIGHT SI'UF'F ••• ' 

Tom Wplfe's book now comes to the 
screen in epic, visually spectacular form:' 

-NEWSWEEK 

A ROeERT CHAATOfF-IRWlN WINKLER PROOUClION of A PHILIP I<AUFtMN FILM "THE RIGHT SlUFF" 
CHARt.ES FRANK scon GlENN ED HAOOIS lANCE HENRl<SEN scon FW.A.IN DE.NNIS QUAIO 

SAM SHEPAAO FRED WARD KIM STANLEY IlAAllARA HERSHEY VERONICA CARlWRIGHT PAMELA REEIJ 
~ by Bill CONTI DlNlctor c:A Prlotogrophy CAlEB DESCHANEl 8oI8d on the 1lo0Io by TOM WOlFE 

PIoduced by IRWIN WlNKlfR and R08ERT CHAATOfF written foI the Sc:,-. and [)qcted by PHILIP KAUFMAN [to "'Ill&.~ .. m. ~ I qq~ e.-eJ • ~ ""!!!!1."iO;!I&) • AIADOC~ IIfLIASf 
... " ...... ,.,'.""'*.'OIIeMUIIIII.. 'laW. - . --0 

- f) ........... ..... ... . :.;. ': ........ ., .. ':':~ ... 

OPENS AT A SELECT THEATRE NEAR YOU OCTOBER 21st 



The Weekly 
Calendar 



-. 

"'" 

.; , 
. , 

• '!-,'.. .J , ~ ¥'" ~ , p < • :A' ...... • .J ." .' ~,' " , \' '-• ~ 
• ..t,~ ?\,~~.;-~.;i!'''\~\ok' ... ~~r~", '.>'" ~ ' ..... ' •. '- r",'v ~ , ,_ . ' ... ' ~" 'n'?,",u •. • , • 

This is your chance to see Digital's personal computers in action. Stop 
by the University Bookstore for "DEC DAYS" on October 17 & 18 and 
let us introduce you to Digital's affordable personal computers: The 
Rainbow 100, Professional 350, and DECmate II. We will be offering a 
special 200/0 discount off Digital's 
regular price to students, faculty, and ' 
staff members. That could mean a savings 
of over $800. So come by and join the 
celebration. And find out exactly what a I II ..... , ........ ., 
personal com pu ter can do for you. 

University Bookstore 
University of California, San Diego 
Computer IElectronics Department 

452·4291 

Oc/ober 17, 1983 ] 5 

Voyeurs, nuns and money 
By M.S. HUNT 

One never recalls where nightmares 
begin , they just do. Mine started around 
thiS time last year. I had been up all 
night doing some lovely work on a 
project for visual arts, pressing various 
animal organs inlo soft wax. I walked 
out to my car [0 get the lymph gland of 
an ox that I had stashed in the glove 
compartment, and the bastard was gone . 
Not the lymph gland but the car. Stolen. 

I had but one choice - go for the 
emergency Calgram loan, seU the Oow 
Chemical stocks and hope for a good 
car [O.tum up on the open market. 

Luckily, the right deal came up. The 
police were seUing off their old Ford 
and Chevy pursuit vehicles. I bought 
one with the cash I had pooled and 
planned to spend most of the night 
testing it around the streets of San 
Diego. 

The car was a gem: cop shocks, fal 
pursuit tires, a cruelly tight suspension 
and a gas sucking 302 V-8 under the 
hood , the kind of engine that metal 
machines were meant to have. 

I picked up Roger P. French, a 
colleague in whom I had no faith or 
trust but a man with exceUent 
spontaneous plans and scenarios to 
perform. He also had the most 
innovative pharmacouticals, the kind of 
stuff that lab technicians are afraid to 
give to dogs and rats lese they create 
something completely out of control, like 
Roger P. French. I had caUed French 
earlier 10 make sure he brought the. 
proper goods. 

"Michael ," he said, "what SOrt of 
monstrosity did you purchase this 
time?"He laughed at his own 
Impertinence. 

"A police vehicle." 
"00 you mean like the kind the 

British have to repel dangerous hordes 
of rock-throwing Irish children? The 
kind with gun turrets and armor 
plating?" 

"No, no. Nothing like that. It's the 
kind with push bars and baby moon 
hubcaps, the kind you see with pimps, 
and old winos pissing in the back seat, 
as I'm sure many have." 

"Awesome. We'll have a good time 
anyway. 111 be right over." 

French wanted to drive the cop car, 
but I wouldn't allow him to. His eyes 

were livid and glossed over and his 
pupils dila.ted to the point of making 
him look hke Little Orphan Anme. He 
claimed to have been studying all night, 
and I chose not to believe him. 

French wasn't stupid , merely 
tottering on the brink of insanity. His 
instability was a unique trait. At the vel}' 
least he could get you angl}' or 
elllbarrassed. At most he could get you 
th ree to five in the state pen. 

Anyway, I had the idea to go to the 
Gaslamp district and scare the 
prostitutes with the spotlight IT\Cunted 
on the side of the car. French agreed 
but suggested we use disguises , as the 
prostitutes would surely recognize us 
from the night we brought the frat boys 
downtown to meet them. 

"Yes, of course , Disguises. We'll have 
to get nuns' habits. They're the only 
disguises that would adequately conceal 
our faces while providing proper 
aerodynamiC control when moving at 
high rates of speed," I said. French 
turned to me and slapped me on the 
shoulder. 

"Yes' Ha! Nuns' habits! Yes! 
Heeheeheeheehee'" 

He wasn't looking wen . He had 
brought a bag of live spiders and was 
ingesting them rather quickly, washing 

Stanford MBA 
REPRESENTATIVE 

COMING TO CAMPUS 
FRIDA Y, OCTOBER 18 

A repr_iltadve or tile Stanford Graduate School or 
... 1_ will be on Cllftp... to dIIaBI wit.. Interested 
.. ud.n" tile elIc.ptIoa.1 educ.tloa.1 opportunity of tile 
Staaford MIA Prope •. 

AppolntI8en .. DUly be m •• tllroup 
The C ..... PI ... lnland PI.ceI8ent Ceat.r 

The St •• ford MIA Pr0lr •• I, • two-year lener.1 
.an'I._nt coune of studies desllned for men .nd 
wo.ea who w .... to deY.lop _a'lement skills to ...... 
th. _.d respoIWlblUtln required In both tile prh·.te 
.nd publk MCton tod.y .nd In the future, 

GRADUATE SCHOOL OF BUSINESS 
ST ANFORD UNIVERSITY 

Stanford, California 94JO~ 

them down with grai'n alcohol. He 
claimed that eating these palticular 
spiders gave him godlike powers, and 
he couldl uncannily predict weather and 
the outcome of any NFL football game. 

"Yes! Nuns' habits! Yes!" he was 
saying. "We can charge them to 
Presidenl Marcos' Gold Card, the 
bastard! Yes! " 

French had acquired Philippines 
President Ferdinand Marcos' Gold Card 
in Manila after French and I had come 
in from the bush after a long day of 
trapping those spiders he was now 
eating. We had gone to La Club Bomba 
• (jeo6~ f_rile'" nittht -
hangout when he spotted us ana our 
spiders. Being an avid footbaD gambler, 
Marcos had ordered French to hand 
over the cache of spiders, knOwing they 
would be valuable for his own 
predictions for next week's games. 
French and I had revealed that we each 
had a Cuban army surplus hang grenade 
strapped to our chests and had 
threatened to blow the joint if Marcos 
didn't call his guerilla off us, pronto. 
Marcos had cooled down when he saw 
that we meant business, opting to strike 
a bargain with us. He had offered his 
Gold Card for half the spiders. We had 
accepted. 

The card proved handy in covering 

important 'news aSSignments around the 
world as weD as buying nuns' habits in 
downtown San Diego at rwo in the 
morning. They looked just like the one 
Sally Field wore before she turned to 
movies. French was eager to test their 
aerodynamics and had me take the cop 
car up to one hundred and ten while he 
kneeled , strapped to the hood. 

The car handled like shit with a 
crazed, shneking econ major strapped 
to the hood, and I sideswiped many 
parked vehicles. 

It was inevitable somehow that we 
wQukl ,end up in front of the Hotel Del , 
the finest and oldest hotel in San Diego. 
French and I dropped the nuns' habits 
for the more conservative look of gold 
lame sportcoats, shorts with tube socks, 
Crisscrossing ammo belts and welders' 
helmets. We were trying to achieve the 
Ffashdance look, and frankly we looked 
damn good. Heads were turning as we 
strolled into the lobby. 

French gave a shout of joy when he 
saw a siRn announcing the meeting of 
the Republican Septagenarians Club, a 
pseudo-militaristic organization just 
right ot the Klan. French dove into the" 
lecture hall and sprinted to the podium 
in time to tear the mike away from the 

tum to 18 

-------------------~ 
""_ ......... CIP .. -...., .... D •• II •• I __ .. 
......-_ ....... IU.I. ............. __ 

0111 ... NOW AVM.AIU FOIII Fa_ON STUDENrI 
... --...... -.. ... -. ... __ .-

GRADUATES ARE ELIGIBLE FOA ECFMQ 
CERTIFICATION EXAM IN THe U.S. 

•• ••• • •••••••••••••••• 

I 
I 
I 
• 
• I 
• • I 
I 
I 
I 
• 

COPY COVE 
of I.a Jolla 

15!. DISCOUNT wtth this ad a 
UCSD I.D. until 10-31-83. 

Specialist. In thell. reproduction. 
III Xerox copies, reductions, enlargements 
Ii] Full color xerox copies 
til Full binding service. hard & soft CCNer 
Ii] Stationers supplies. typing 

Mon.·Fri. 7:30-6:00 
~.~~fiI=&i1Oi1iiPeariil~Sti.i.iLaiiJolia • Comer of. Dfaper • "-<Jrl Sat. 9:(J().S:OO • 



16 Duooc, 17. 1983 
I'II{"I'I ( 11\ r" 

Tom Serum 

What is 
IT? 

liVIng is a mmd-boggling thing. I don't see how people do it. I mean , It seems 
that I'm always working so damn hard at it, and I wonder if others do. 

I used to run track. During a race, I'd feel my legs tighten and my lungs gasp 
spasticaUy, but it never looked like anybody else was huning, because they just kept 
moving as fast as ever. They must have been tired 100. They never Ict on, so I 
couldn't know for sure. 

Miracles are everywhere. 
If a person depends on the sun to keep him happy, that person will be sad when 

it's cloudy. A person who doesn't depend on anything specific to be happy can be 

Philosophy for lunch 
By DEBBIE CRAIN &: MILES DYLAN 

Realisti ally speaking, giving up any 
of your favonte pastimes IS quite 
unthinkable; sraying up all night, 
panyIng, and earmg junk food are 
practIcally requirements for the college 
student. If you are like countless other 
UCSD students, a well-balanced and 
nutritive diet IS probably not your 
primary concern. 

What can we do to gIve our poor 
bodies a break? A place nestled in the 
eucalyptus trees just south of USB and 
(he Revelle provosts olTice provides not 
only a calm and casual atmosphere but 
also an incredible vegetarian menu. Its 
name IS (he ChI' Cafe. 

What makes the ChI' dilTerent from 
(he generic food servIce joints found all 

over campus? Perhaps It IS the 
philosophy upon which the restaurant tS 
built. The group of ten students w~o 
form the core of the Che's workers 
summarize the basic philosophy of the 
Che as follows. 

The Che is both run and supponed 
almost solely by students, but everyone 
is welcome. Because the restaurant is a 
co-operative, it does not squeeze every 
bit of profit possible out of the 
customer. On the contrary. the wages 
paid to core workers are at a mere 
subSIstence level, and thus the customer 
obtains the lowest pOSSIble pn I' the 
Che can o lTe r. 

Nor only a vegetarian restaurant, the 
tum to 18 

ASPEN. 
THEIlE'S 
ONLY ON£. 

Ifs /he one wlll1 4 mountalfls. 
The one wllI1 blue sicies and 

(resh powder. 
The one will1 Victorlan charm 

and spectacular nightli(e. 
It's lI1e one eueryone Idtlcs 

about 
It's incomparable. 
It's a({ord.1ble. 
It's during Quarrel' Break. 
It's Aspen and the 1'.// Cal 

Winler Carnival. 
This is """'t you'// lind wa,t-

ing {or you at /he 1'.// Cal Winter 
Carnival: 

Free Party! w,th Budweiser 
Broomball 
Deluxe Accommodations 
Free Races 
Free On·The-MounliJin Picnic 
Free Re(reshmenlS on the Bus 
Ice Sculpture Contest 
Free Dances Sponsored by 

Budweiser 
SlUdents (rom 8 UC Canv>uses 
Free BudJJeiser Jacuzzi Parties 
Prizes by. 

Non:Ilca Boo/s/Hdf! Skis 
Look Blndmgs/Budweiser 

Don 't (~Aspen and the 
All Cal are noted not only (or 
(un. but .. Iso (or SKIING. 'tbu 'II 
lIaue 5 (u// ~ys. 

THE ONE AND ONLY ALL 
CAL WINTER CARNIW. 

ASPEN 
THERE'S ONL Y ONE. 

V 
ASf'fN SKIINC COMI'ANY 

The UCSD Radically Inclined Ski Club 
Tickets on sale at the Box Office until Nov. 18 
More information at the Ski Club Office, x4038. 

happy all [he [lme. 1 want [0 wallow in the mud 01 iiiI' and not gel mad when I[ 
spots my whl[e trousers. 

EverythIng is ultimately [he same. We are all born of the same energy that makes 
our molecules stick and sends the galaxies speeding away from us at break-neck 
speeds. They go. We stay. What's the di fference? 

Sometimes my mi nd makes me high without me doing anything more than 
walking to class. If I forget myself and lel my mind go thc places i[ wants, then it 
never does me wrong. I only want to be . Then I would n:t worry if I sat on a 
comfonable rock or a jagged one. . 

In one sense, I am hopelessly alientcd from the rest of the world. Nobody will 
evcr know what goes on in my head. But then again, sometimes I think we all end 
up thmking the same thoughts. A poet once told me that there is nothing m any of 
his poems that wasn't already In my head. If this weren't true, the words of the 
poets, te"chers and sages would be only empty noise. 

So I read books. I listen to people whom I meet. I want to learn all I can from 
them. I try to see where they go wrong and where they go right, then apply it to my 
own life. 
I really do get tired of la lhing, The more I th in /I, the more I feel lihe beillg conlell l and 
i/elll. 

like the gruss, 
The da rk,less. 
And it. 

'The ,..1 'Anl._ Housc'." 
- Playboy 

October 19 
TLH 104 

8 & .10 pm 
Admissio,:" $2 students, $3 general 

Tickets available at the Box Office 
Must be 18 or over 

An SRO Production 
sponsored by the Surf Club 

---- ----- - ~ 
_~ _ =--=---== - _-__ _ OJ, 

UCSD's 

-ntOSEDBUlIIOUSLY BRlGHI' 
BAD BOYS ARBBACK_AND 
HILARlOUSLYONTARGEI'!" 

-.cn""I.' .~""Kn'& 1 .• MAGAZ'" 

MMONTY PYTHON'S mE MEANING OF LIFE" _., ......... GRAHAM CHAPMAN 
JOHN CLEESE . TERRY GILLIAM · ERIC IDLE · TERRY JONES · MICHAEL PALIN 

~ .,JOHN GOLDSTONE _ • .,..101 ..... _., TERRY GILLIAM 
IRIO@W I - ., TERRY JONES A UNIVERSAL RELEASE 

October 21, friday, 8 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 

$2.00 
iiiiiiiiiilliiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii IJCSD Box Oft'kea 451""'59 iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiil 

Oc,obu 17, 1983 17 
1'1 R'-,PI ( 11\ I .., 

'Main Drag' 
By ROBERT LEONE 

The "Main Drag" of UCSO is the 
delightful path leading from the ReveDe 
Plaza, pasr those many-storied buildin~ 
named after Nobel laureates, Urey Hall 
and Mayer HaD, between the Hump and 
the Main Gym, past the Bio Building 
(wave heUo to the Bird as you pass it), 
and across the parking lot and through 
the construction obsracles and open dirt 
left by Wermers Construction, all the 
way to VOigt Drive. It is the most used , 
most congested, most jammed, and most 
overburdened walkway this campus has 
to offer. 

There are several reasons for this 
congestion. First of aU, USB 2722, the 
HL Auditorium and the TUi complex aU 
have more or less direct outlets onto the 
Main Drag. Second, .the Main Drag goes 
through ReveUe, Muir and Third, where 
most lectures, discussions, seminars, 
and TGs take place. Elltrything happens 
on the Main Ota,t. 

. There are the handbill distributors. 
Whether it be gay Nazis for Christ or 
the Hare Krishnas or the Students for a 
Less Responsible AS Council, someone 
will try to hand you an 8Yl by II sheet 
of paper talking about some 
organization or some film or some get 
together session. These sometimes 
amusing missals are usually handed to 
you by a smiling stranger, who hands 
off to your lower abdominal region , 
where visceral memories of a low pass 
caught in a game of street footbaU will 
automatically ready your hands for the 
reception of the colored piece of paper 
urging you to "join now if you really 
care ." 

These pamphleteers usuaRy hang out 
near the head of the Main Drag on the 
ReveDe Plaza, along with the vendors ot 
laser-developed pictures and the 
fundamentalist evange\isrs. The best way 
to avoid Ihem (unless' you don't spot 
them in time) is to cUt to the Un:y HaD-
Blake HaU path before they spot you.' If 
you are caught and bUlwnholed, your 

. best bet is either to say you're not 
inreresred or, if you're in a bad mood, to 
pretend you don't know English. 

Of course the Dier-posters are not Ihe 
only people whose behavior is other 
than the norm. Pushy bicyclisrs, pushy 
pedestrians, pushy maintenance ~ople 
on those killer Cushmans and police, 
who Ifnow that pedestrians do not have 
the righl of way over a ton and a half of 
cop metal, aU crowd each other out in 
the attempt to gel from USB 2722 to 
TLH L07 in less than ten minutes. AI. 
the half hour, by comparison, the Main 
Drag is uninhabited. 

Around midquarter, you wonder if 
there is an easier way. Sorry, the closest 
thing to the Main Drag is the path from 
the ReveUe Deli 10 the Muir Commons. 
It's fairly convenient if you're going from 
the ReveUe Deli to the H&sS building. 
Ot:her competition includes Torrey Pines 
Road and the access road from the 
MandeU Weiss Center (the large 
struc ture that looks like an upSide-down 
Ralph's bag ) to the Student Center by 
way of the Guardian/Che Cafe building. 

Bewildering hikes along muddy 
pavement against stiff oncoming 
pedestrian and vehicular traffic are here 
to stay, unfortunately. 

test 
equipment fA TEJ. The Semiconductor Test Division 
in Woodland Hills, Califomia, manufactures VLSI 
and memory test systems. Teradyne will be 
presenting an infonnal discussion about the ATE 
industry and career opportunities. 

PI .. Party 
Monday, October J 7th 

J2:OO - 3:00 pm 
North Conference Room 

Student Center 

Co-IPDI_ored byI 
The Sodety of Women Engineers 

IEEE/CS 
Career Plaming & Placement 

. -



, . 

.. 

... 

Philosophy ... 
continued from 16 
Che also plays roles as a social , politiCal 
and music cemer for all those 
interested . The Cafe is a gathering place 
for liberal minds , as indicated by their 
namesake , Che Guevara, an Argentinian 
doctor turned Cuban Revolutionary, who 
was killed in Bolivia in 1967. . 

The Che is guided by the coDective 
principle , and interested students have 
the opportunity to join and volunteer 
their services in the kitchen. Not only 

C~ruso 

does this provide a chance to learn the 
inner workings of a successful restaurant 
but also qualifies the worker for a UCSD 
co-op card, which entitles the bearer to 
significant discounts in all of the 
student co-ops, including Assorted 
Vinyl, the General Store, the Food Co-
op and others. 

Give your intestines a vacation , give 
your mind an open door, try the Che 
Cafe today. 

--~ -

SOFT (OHTAO LENSES 
One Hour Service in most cases 

INCLUDES: 
Contact lenses, examination, 

pe~nt training, follow up, 
chemical care kit and fitting. 
EXfiMIiD WEAl LDaS 
OM.y .... oo 

THE CLASSrCAL EYE 
DR. ROBERT HFI' n 

La Jolla Village Square 
(Inside the MaN; Lower Level) 

8657 Villa La Jolla Drive • Suite 1 36 
451-7374 

Hydrocurve extended war lenses available. 

WANTED: 
Muir Students Interested in Spending 

SSSS 
Decide where your S goes, help plan 
and program Muir activities & events 
meet others, and have some fun! 

CALL: 
-Carmen Zamudio (Program l300rd Chair) at 
695-9435 and join the program board committee 
(We have to do something ~th SJ,500,OOD 

- Dan Crevin (Commuter Ooard Chair) at 457 -1895 
Join the Commuter Committee 
(We've got $500.00 to spendD 

-Join Both! - call us or leave a note with Quinny 
in the Muir AcademiC Advising Office, x3587. 

Voyeurs ... 
continued from 15 
late Secretary of the Interior James Watt . 
who was right in the middle of a 
favorite anti -semitic joke. I stood staring 
open-mouthed at French as he howled 
the lyrics from some long dead Tubes 
song and then auempted to stan a 
chant of "Mao Now" and "Ho, Ho, Ho 
Chi Minh!". Old people began skittering 
out of the haD as fast as old people can 

bY idier 

move. French leaped off the podium 
and executed a perfect leg-whipping 
tackle on three women whose 
cumulative ages were over 210 years. II 
was a cruel and barbaric sight, and I ran 
over to stop French before he did it 
again. 

Too late. He had cornered some 
hapless Republicans under a table and 
was barking at them like a cocker 
spaniel. By now former Secretary Wan 
had assembled a high-powered hunting 
rifle (he never leaves home without one) 
and was taking a bead on French . I 
pushed French down in time to have 
the buDet just graze the top of the table 
and lodge into the calf of a Korean 
busboy near the kitchen. Wau's wild 
shot sobered French up, and we made a 
mad serpentine dash for an exit , any 
exit. French threw a chair through a 
stained glass window and dove out to 
the bushes below. I turned and saw the 
screams of the Republicans mixed with 
the sporadic gunfire or Watt's rifle, and 
it occured to me that these people really 
know how to have a good time. 

We made it to the car and hopped 
in, gunning the engine to lire. French 
was in a huff at Watt's shooting, stating 
that no real secretary of the interior 
would dare open fire on a young econ 
major in a room full or old people. He 
insisted we pull over so he could phone 
some friends in the White House and 
pUl the fix on Wan. 

After this adventure , we sniffed out a 
freeway and headed nonh towards 
home, wherever that might be. We had 
one last detour to Riverside, where we 
christened the car by having me bleed 
on the hood and then hum Danh 
Vader's theme from Star Wars. That was 
weird. 

914. VW. BMW' . AUDI .~.l"Vi~' .. 
German Car Specialists 

All work fully guaranteed. Factory-trained Specialist 
Mon •• Fri. 8 am - 5:30 pm; Sat. 8 am - 5 pm 

(619) 454·7823- 4630 Mission 8ay Drive 
(619) 454·3705 (1-5 to Balboa Exit) 
(619) 275-1132 San Diello, CA. 92109 
------------------~---------~----UCSDSPECIAi I 100/0 uFF 
4 cyl Tune-Up $45 I on all other repairs 
6 cyl Tune-Up $65 I (except for Motor and 

(Not valid with any otlier coupon) I Transmission Overhaul) 
W£th This Coupon I (Nolvalid ",ilh a"y oIhn cou/Jo") 

I . With This Coupon 
A"lNY"",,~..,.,Ulffe;rs good ",.til October 31, 1983oNWIWYtIMIIi~ 

With the Latest Education 
from Sasson, Sebastlon, & 

Toni & Guy ... 
Let Us Design 

A Style For 
YOUI 

FREE 
CONSULTATIONS 

452-5620 
Con for Appointment 

3251 Holiday Court Suite 201 (Above St. Germaine's) 

Tritons drop one to the boys.on the fann ' 
By ROBERT GEYER' 

Imagine the frustration . Your Itam has 
been improving steadilY. You art playing al 
home and your cr~ is large and 
supportiVf!. You are playing an inconsislent, 
high ranked team Ihat is clearly vulnerable 
10 d£feat. And you just cannot pUI togelher 
four good quarters 10 beat them. If you can 
imagine thaI, then you know exactlY how 
VCSD's water polo team felt In their 
embarraSSing 9-3 loss to Stanford last 
Friday al Ihe new Rec pool. 

The first half started off slowly, but 
Stanford soon picked up the pace , 
getting off twO shots and missing both . 
San Diego came back with a goal on a 
strong outside shot by Larry Sanders. 
Scoring the opening goal reaDy seemed 
to help their momentum. Stanford's 
offense ap~ared very weak. Their shots 
were straight at the UCSD §>alie and 
thrown with about as much force as a 
slow-pitched sortball . They certainly 
weren't living up to the reputation they 
had owned in the past. 

Defensively, Stanford seemed sluggish 
and unsure, leaving UCSD with 
nwnerous opportUnities to score. 
However, uncenainty and nervousness 
seemed to rule the San Diego team. 
Shots that should have been taken were 
lost because of uncenamry. Passes that 
needed to be accurate were over or 
under thrown from nervousness. If 
anything, UCSD should have been up at 
the half by a couple of goals. Instead, 
the Cards, with a last minute goal, tied 
it at 1-l. 

In the third quarter, the boys from thf 
farm had warmed up. The Triton 
defense began to back off, but the 
offense couldn't pick up the slack. 
Stanford racked up twO quic;,k goals on 
Triton mistakes. UCSD captain Mike 
Bolden came back and shOt one by the 
Cardinal goalie to make it 3-2. 

Sadly, that was the last §>al for San 
Diego for quite a while. Stanford scored 

once more , and the next UCSD 
possession began the ending of the 
game. The Tritons. only down by two 
§>als, had an exceUent chance to score. 
Again , uncertainry took its toll. They 
missed, and Stanford got me baD and 
scored. From then on things got worse. 
The Cards rolled , scoring four more 
goals. Triton Dana Greisen , in a good 
individual effort, scored UCSD's last goal 
with two minutes left. The game 
mercifuUy ended, and the final score 
was 9-3. 

After the game Coach Harper held a 
team meeting, and in talking to his 
players he . revealed what had happened. 
In addressing his downcast team Harper 
said, 'We owned them the first hair, 
and we let them off the hook in the 
second. We cut our throats. We got lazy 
and watched the scoreboard." His final 
critical words were, "They didn't beat us, 
we beat ourselves." 

Then after a few more minutes of 

analyzing the game, Harper, not wanting 
the team to get discouraged, added , 
"Really we had good pressure defense, 
and Duncan Igoalie Duncan Millar! had 
another excellent home game with 
numerous blocks." Coach Harper ended 
by streSSing the need to get back to 
work and look forward , because their 
schedule doesn't get any easier. With 
home games against Pepperdine on the 
21st , CSU Los Angeles on the 28th and 
UCLA on the 29th, the Tritons don't 
have time to g~t down. 

What lies behind this game is 
inexperience . All season the water polo 
team has been struggling to play four 
good quaners in a game. As player Ray 
Haywood said about this last game, "In 
the first half we played weD, but in the 
second we had no movement, no 
offense." Still, once they get together and 
in control , things will really stan rolling. 
Or will they? 

UCSD 8lC1lie Duncan Milkrr t)'ts the baU butfaUs to hall itsjlight befo,y it rtachts tht Triton net during VCSD's 9-3 loss 10 Stanford Friday. 

-

ACADJDIIC • PBISONAL SDJl, BUI1DING 
.AU. QUJUtID WODSIIOPS 
OVERCOMING PROCRAS11NA110N 

ENHANCING SOCIAL SICIIlS 
CAMPUS BI.ACK FORUM 

GAYIBISEXUAL MALE GROUP 
ALCOHOL AND SUBSrANCE ABUSE SUPPOR'I' GROUP 

BODY CONNEC11ONS WORISHOP 
IE·ENTRY snJDENlS' GROUP 

RECOVERING FROM EA11NG DISOJU)ERS (RED) Group I 
AI. praent. the bIIcIwInI paps '- no meetInI lima .et. lmlatalltudentl should 
cd Bec:ca .. 452-3755 to ..., up.,d ~ • schedule aChe lima to meet 1lma wID that 

be set In aa:ordance wlth these ac:hIduIa and IlUdenta ",.. be notIIed. 
RECOVEItING FROM EA11NG DISOJU)ERS (RED) Group D 

IIARAGIHG SiitESS AND AIWEIY 
I.ESBlAN/GAYIBISEXUAL WOMEN'S GROUP 

I ........ u, , '" ...... _ ."as 2 ............ , 
CIt" ...... ca cd _-3711_ .......... c 0 ....... 

1003& snw •• mawr·· ... 
O1I'eNd by OH·" ..... PaydIoIoJIaI SenIce. 

JAMES KELLY IS HERE 
Huntridgt Hairstylts 

Summer House Inn • La Jolla Shores 
454-0785 

Have you wondered where he went? Have you 
missed his creative styling, his natural colors, his 

bouncy, carefree penns? 
Well James, formerly of Young Attitudes, is down the 
hill in laJoUa, off of Torrey Pines Rd" and is looking 

forward to seeing you soon I 
r------- 2 for 1 --------, 
I Bring this ad &: a friend to I 
I receive 2 haircuts for the : 
: price of I, S12. I 
L ______ Offer expires 12/ 1/83.-------.J 

( J 

. , 



r. 

"-.... ~1'IIIIe1 
Make written as.sigI me Its 
professional and error fref! wi1tl 
our word processing ancI letter 
quality printer. 
8M. ,-1 ... COnInIadoN 
.............. S4jhour 1& UPJ in !4 
hour segrrIeIlts. ...... ...... ~ 
1II.E:a ........... 11_ leD. 
Informal acMce Of formal classes. 

Next to RaIph's & ltDve ~ Hils SaWIgs. 
... __ 451-7415 __ ' _. 

COUNcu, TRAVEL 
BUDGET AIRFARES 

San FrcmdIco $39ow/$78rt 
Houlton $llSow/$23OJt 
New York $15Oow/$3OOIt 
LondOD $329ow!$6Olrt 
Amlterdam $324ow/$59Irt 
DulleldOlf $34Oow/$589rt 
Copenhagen $36OoW/$596rt 

were hiring the best engineers and computer scientists 
we can find. Because wre lockheed. 

Stockbolm 
AtbeDS 
Te1A'Ytv 

$4100w~rt 
$448oW/$889rt 
$499ow!$869rt 

Lockheed-California Company 
will be on campus October 24. 

Sign up for a personal interview 
at your placement office. 

HongEODg 
AuckJcmd 
SydDef 

$435ow/$699rt 
$53Oow/$l060rt 
$605ow/$12101t 

Contact 
C1EE/CouDdl Tlatel 

VLockheed-caJIfomJa COmpany 
Burbank, California 91520 

c 

snJDENTS ON RESIDENllAL 
APARTMENTS WAmNG UST 

Twice each year, we update our Residential Apartments waiting list 
to be sure that only people interested in our housing remain on the 
list. You should be receiving your update card in the mail shortly. 
Please complete the card and return it to: 

ResIdential Apartments Oftlce 
UnlYastty of CaUfomIa. San DleJO 
5-007 
La JoBa, CalIfornia 92093 
(452-2952 1 452-2578) 

Please be advised that the following regulations concerning our 
waiting list polides will continue to be enforced: 

1. It is your obligation to keep the Residential Apartments 
Office advised of aD changes of information on your original 
application. Your application will be invalidated if we find the 
information on it is not accurate. Contact the Residential 
Apartments Office for a copy of your current application 
information. 
2. If you do not return the . update card' by 10/21/83, we will 
assume you are no longer interested and will take your name 
off the list. 
3. If you are still interested but do not receive an 'update card'. 
contact the Residential Apartments Office prior to 10/21/83. 
4. Subordinate tenants living in UCSD Residential 
Apartments are not eligible to remain on our waiting lists. 

If you have any questions concerning the Residential 
Apartments or this update process, please contact the office at 
the numbers listed above. 

Second Floor. Student Center 
452-0630 

BUD LIGHT 
BEER 

UCSD ATHLETE OF THE MONTH 

DAVID GRIFFIN 
Men's Soccer Team 

The first in a monthly series of top U(::SO athletes features DavId GrIffIn, 
the junior captain of this year's exciting men's varsity soccer team. 
Griffin, a fullback with 6 goal assists already this season, has been a vital 
force In the Tritons success on the field this season (10-2-2 recad and 
the top-ranked Division III-rating In the For West). 

Cooch Derek Armstrong has nothing but good things to sot about 
his steady field leader. "Davtdhasbeenjusttremenctousondefensefar 
us this year. He has just a great attitude about playing had and his 
leadership on the field with our younger pIayefs has been 
Irreploceable. He's alwayS ready to gl\ie his last drop of blood far the 
cause. We wouldn't be playing nearty as well without him". 

A snappy Triton salute and a tip of the Bud Light Mug to DavId for his 
sterling performonce this past September. 

llriag oal yoIU' best; 

Running Thoughts 
By JEff SAVAGE & MIKE GREENBERG 
WHAT'S GOING ON HERE DEPT. By the time Bob Goodman completed his senior 
season of basketbaU at UCSD last year, he had acquired aD of the skills nccessary to 
play in the .NBA Unfortunately. howcver, one cannot acquire height, and It 6'0"'. 
Goodman would have been a high risk investment for an NBA club. Calvin Murphy 
types come along about as often as the 29th of February. But Goodman didn't see it 
this way. He began an extensive weight training program, put on 25 pounds of bulk, 
entered the Summer Pro league in Los Angeles and averaged 28 points a game 
throughout the season. Not bad considering he's up against folk-like five year NBA 
veteran Robert Smith. Kansas City's Dane Sutde and a wealth of NBA rookies. European 
scouts saw Goodman, and some were impressed enough to offer him contracts. He was 
given the opportunity to play in Leicester, England, Orthez, France, and elsewhere. He 
was even offered a two year, $38,000 package to play in Israel. The problem with that 
deal was that the team was located in the Upper Galilee. only five minutes from the 
Lebanon border, and Goodman smartly figured that dribbling and gunfire don't mix. 
He never liked America more than he does now. Does that leave the 23 year old 
athlete out in the cold? Hardly. Bob has taken up golf. His goal: the PGA rour. 
Goodman has twO quarters left at UCSD before he graduates and in the ·meantime is 
doing electronic work with his father. He already has his handicap down to two and 
plans to leave for Rorida in the spring ro join a six week mini tour in preparation for 
the PGA qualifying tour next year. And if golf doesn't pan out? How fast did you say 
you can swim Bob? 
NOT TO BE BEUEVED DEPT. The UCSD men's soccer team has enjoyed perhaps the 
best season in the history of their club. Sporrtng a solid 10-2-2 record thus far, the 
Trirons are in contention for the Division Dl playoffs. Barely. Four spots are open in 
the ''west coast bracket: and Colorado, Wheaton , lIIinois, and McMurray College have 
secured three of them. UCSD is being considered for the remaining spot. At this point 
in the Triton season every game is exuemely crucial, and at the All-Cal rournament last 
week Derek Annstrong's club overextended itself. Facing UC Santa Barbara for the right 
to play UClA in the championship game, the Tritons battled aD the way through, only 
to have it end in a scoreless tie. Because a winner had to be detennined, the two 
teams played an overtime. It remained scoreless. They played a second overtime. No 
change-stlD 0-0. Both clubs finaDy agreed to end it on a penalty kick series. To keep 
in the spirit of the day, the game was not decided until, amazingly enough, the 18th 
penalty kick. This set a new national record for both the conege and pro ranks. Whew. 
By the way, UCSB won. 
WAIT A MINUTE DEPT. The audacity of New York writers! How can they say that the 
Woody Scevens colt, Qevil's Bag, is the best two-year'old in the country? In fact, three 
different writers from the three major metropolitan papers have already stated that 
Devil's Bag is a shoo-in for the eclipse award . Have they ever heard of Althea? The two 
year old filly has just as much ability and a lot more hean than her male counterpart, 
and her 1:34 nat time in the Del Mar Futurity was the second fastest mile ever turned 
in at the track. The daughter of A1ydar wiD crush Devil's Bag when they finally meet 
later this year, and that New York prejudice (that horse raCing doesn't exist west of the 
Mississippi) wiD be shut down once again. 

/' THEY ASKED FOR IT DEPT. Oklahoma Head Coach Bany Switzer wiD be fired at the 
end of the season for a number of reasons, most notably the recent departure of star 
tailback Marcus Dupree. The Heisman trophy candidate was shy and timid throughout 
his brief stay in Norman, but Switzer never realized this as he kept pressuring Dupree 

.. to perf&m better and better eiich Week. Nbc: every pI~r Is a Walter Payton; some 
need to be pampered. Obviously. there was a personality conflict, and Switzer is the 
one who should be blamed. After Dupree rushed for a Fiesta Bowl record 273 yards 
Ia!t year against the nation's best defense (Arizona State), Switzer replied, "He was 
dogging it. He's fat and overweight. He should have had 300 yards." Needless to say, 
Sooner alumni wiD have Switzer's behind after the season, as Oklahoma will be lucky to 
finish with seven victories. As for Dupree, it looks like the Philadelphia native will 
either jump to the USFL or chaUenge the NFL in court over their rule that 
underclassmen cannot play in professional footban. Transferring to another college, as 
Dupree says he wiD do, seems doubtful, because he would have to sit out nearly two 
seasons before he would be eligible to play for Mississippi State. in 1985. 
ON THE AIRWAVES DEPT. Although it claims to be "the leader in innovtive sports 
coverage," ABC has disgraced itself with its perfonnance in this year's World Series. 
The camera work has been, in a word, arrocious. In Friday night'S telecast, we never 
saw Gary Mallhews' home run. Instead, we saw Gary Roenicke, the Orioles' left fielder, 
run back and look up. We didn't even see the ban when Roenicke looked up! All we 
saw was the ban faUing to the ground after it caromed off the stands. On Joe Morgan's 
steal of second base in the eighth inning, we were subjected to a back-of-the-catcher 
view of the play. Never before has an audience had such little idea of whether or not a 
baserunner was safe or out than on that play. As for the announcing team, if AI 
Michaels and Earl Weaver were working by themselves, everything would be peachy. 
But the telecasts are spoiled by the presence of Howard Cosell and Reggie Jackson. 
Cosell, who is admilledly not a basebaU expert, adds nothing except to point out the 
obvious. "Matthews hit that one hard," said Cosell after the Phillie outfielder's homerun . 
As for Jackson , he brings so lillie commentary to the telecast that one wonders if he is 
appearing only because ABC feels that a "star-studded cast" should cany over into the 
basebaU booth . 
NEXT QUESTION pLEASE DEPT. Answer to Thursday's question: Three players in 
this year's playoffs also made appearances in the first baseball playoffs in 1969, Ron 
Reed of Atlanta, Jerry Koosman of the Mets and Jim Palmer of Baltimore. Today's 
question, although miDion dollar contracts have become commonplace in the 
sponsworld today, the athlete who has the greatest earnings in the history of spons is 
now reured . Who is he? 
COULD IT BE DEPT. One has to admire the courage of the UCSD Athletic 
Department. While many other coUeges have succumbed to the pressure of fielding the 
best teams possible, thereby payi.ng their athletes under the table , UCSD has stood finn 
in its commitment towards a fair and proper program. Or have they? The United 
States women's Olympic volleybaU team has already assembled in Boulder, Colorado, in 
preperation for the 1984 Games.Through Guardian sources, we have learned that TrilOn 
setter Lulu Schwanz has been asked to join the team immediately. Apparently. the '84 
squad appears solid in every posirion except at setter, and Schwartz, the former UCSD 
Athlete of the Year, fits the bill. The catch is that Schwanz must quit the Triton team 
immediately to be eligible for the Olympic squad. Apparently, Schwartz has made the 
decision to forego the OlympicS to remain with UCSD and finish her senior season for 
Head Coach Doug Dannevik. How could this be? It turns OUt that the UCSD's 
Intercollegiate Department hands are not as clean as they appear to be. Schwanz has 
been receiving "gifts" over the past 11 months from the IA Department to play Truon 
volleyban. A fuD NCAA investigatiOn is forthcoming. 

Editor's Note: The weOULD IT BE~ department is jktitious and should be regarded as such. 

Octohtr 17, 1983 21 
') 1'( ) R I ~ 

the--------
------athletic----,------. 

~-----:----attic 
In the gamt progam. they 6Ie listed .. No. " and 12 r~. Karin Kalle and 

Kristin IClIboum. To their coach they 6Ie '1(-l\M)" ancI "Oouble-f(". To their teammates 
they lie ~ karin and KristIn. To their oppoIlentS they 6Ie ICDnIusIon I/IIS i1 how do 
~ "kontaln" these two/.1lIt to Eh!Ir fen aUXSOwlle)<bill giITM!S they ~ somett'tg 
else. To quote a famous C2I'eaI marutacturer jJst call them "SpecIal". 

Yes. Indeed. Kari1 !(aIk and Kristin KllboUm haie been jJst that for the UCSO 
women's IIOIIebaII team this season. They bo(h start as middle bkJd(ers and titters In the 
TrIrDn's sophisticated o~ ~. lind bOth hale taken the piIIotaI position of 
nidIIe blocker by the horns ancI turned it Into ~ of t~ tNm'S strengths. 

Doug 0InneIIIk. IIfth yell coach of t~ Tritons, knows the demands of the posItiOn 
~ IDO well. "It's no secret i1I1011e)<ba1I, H ~ said. "'Ibu rrust control t~ middle or t~ 
court to be successlul. EstabIIsting btxki1g ancI hitting ~ in the ~ 
enables a team to do so rrud1 more. E\IeI)'fiJCI!'t of the game becDmeS so much easier for 
Itle OCher fIIIe pIa)e'S on the court once )'DU do." 

Oi!Innevik's own enttuiasm for the pI~ of tis two middle blockers has been rlCXt*lg 
short of eatatiC. "No doubt about It. KIIIn ancI KrIstin Mi'e been a key ingredient to our 
success," he saki "As a pair, they are. In ~ opinion, the very best at our IM!f of pl~ 
INCM-DIYIsion 1111. I woukrI't trade them for a:1','one." 

KrIstIn KIlbourn KarIn tc.lk 

The road to succrss. howeIIer, has been anytt'ing but easy for either Kalk or Kilboum. 
In faa, ~ years ago when they entered UCSO as freshmen, )'DU would probably 
hiIIIe to say that they were long shots at best ro becOn'Ie sigliIIc.ant pl¥rS. 

Although ttle list of similarilies betWeen the two are endless. they did ha\ie one ffi<!ior 
difJeellce In their badcground. They were raised miles ~ in totiIly diftercnt 
erMroI met ItS on .opposite sides of the stare. 

ICaIk gtPN up In Bishop, a sleepy little town on Itle eastern bOrder of california. lind 
becaJse of that, !Calk held no pretenses about being an acc:orJl)llshed pi¥" when s~ 
left Bishop, even thoug"l she was the star of her team. "Hey, I was ckJeIess about 
IIOIIeybaiI when I came here," she stated on one occasion. "At Bishop, I was good 
becaM of ~ one reason .. .1 was the tallest glr(' /S'W to be e<act/. 

Mer ~ years of long hard ancI at times very frustrating periods of training. Kalk 
has been making breaIctt1rcugls In all phases of m game . ..,.~ aIw¥ been able to 
block," she S¥, "but ~ hitting. seMng. and passing skills are 1InaI~ stating to come 
around." 

!Calk has understated her case. immensely. As a blocker, Kalk is statistically the best 
the school has had jwittl Kilboum In rot pursuit/. In 1982. she led the team with a school 
record total ot 85 bIod<s. After a mer~ haIf-season in '83, she has alrecq. eclipsed her 
milk of the prelllous yell with 87 blocks. For her terure at UCSO, her total of 236 
bIocJcs is numero uno on the Triton career list. 

Asa middle hitter, she has been equallypro<iJctiYe. Her .269 hitting percentage 1107 
kills/leads all Triton starters ttlis season. In 1982 her mark was .264 1104 killsl. The 
consistent)' has been there, even thoug/1 she has been frustrated CNf!( her lad< of tir:nlng 
on the quick-on~ Isrort/ sets in the middle. ''\X.tlen ~ timing comes together, I know 1 
will llnally ~ IIrived," she dreams. 

KilbOum, on the other side ot the rotation, had a much more innuencecl background 
in the sport bebl'e her arrival at UCSO. Sht! gf!W up in Laguna Beach, a veritabl~ rotbed 
of indoor ancI beach voIle)tbaII activif¥. 

Although she had visions of pl¥n9 at Stanford out of high school, she ju"l>ed at the 
chance to pI~ at UCSO when the opportUnity came. And tty~ ~ars later she has no 
regrets. ''I'm really happy I'm here at UCSO:' she ~ .. Stanford didn't even bOther to 
look at me at their ttyouts. ,. , 

That might prOle to be a rather historic O\Ier3ight. At UCSO, at any rate, Kilbourn has 
made .. enormous ~ Sht!'s QJrrently on her Will to rewriting t~ Triton record 
book in a number of categories. As a blocker, she is right on the heels of !Calk on the 
career blocking list with 223 and has aIt~cq. shattered Kalk's season record for total 
blocks with an outstanding sun ot 117. And there's sti. a haIf-season to gol 

Her expJo~ as .. attack pi¥" arejust as i~. Her S39Cl1eet' kills put m well 
wittW'l rNCh of AlI-AmerIcan TiWT1~ Smit's school record of 702. \It1th a ye;JI ancI a half 
to go in their careers. she ancI teammate MoI~ \M1eatIey 1512 kills/ are taIcIng dead aim 
at erasing Smirs nane from the top of the list 

Although not quite as consistent a hitter as Kalk. KIlbourn makes up for it with her 
expIoslveness and power. "She's definitefy Itle Nol .. Ryan-rype," says UCSD assistant 
Mike Hipp, ..... all fastballs. She comes at)OO with eveytting she's got. When the set ancI 
timing is just right. Kristin aD50lltely pullierlzes the ball. In practlcr, she has our 
defensive p/¥rs civIng for aN« all of the time." 

And when she wmeas ciJrIng a match, the crowd nearly aIw¥ goes ai/Zy. 
For !Calk and Kilbourn. Itle early success has been rewarclng but not totally fuJII1l1ng. 

"\Mnmg the Nationals," they bOth CDnOJI', "Is what its all about for us." Check with us 
in December for a further update on the progress of the Kellogg Kids. 

ADGDIDUMlIICIIh _ ..................................... ,," 1 • __ O ........... e- .... ", ... _ .............. ........ 
In", NllllNDIIifI .... H ....... c.I.. Nee ... , ....... 1HeDn .... an_ 

'"-., ...... 

.................. '11 ..... 

-



" 

.- 4 

Triton Tealll Update 
MEN'S SOCCER (10-2-2) defeated UC Riverside 2-1, defeated UC 
Irvine 8-0. Next home game Oct. 20 vs. Cal Lutheran, 1 pm. 
WOMEN'S SOCCER (3-7-3) tied UC Davis I-I, tied San Diego State I-I , 
lost to Cal State Long Beach 2-0. Next home game Oct. 19 vs. CSU 
Nonhridge , 4 pm. Women's Cross Country 

Athlete 
of the 
Week 

Michelle Whitmore 

WOMEN'S VOLLEYBALL (17-10) defeated Azusa Pacific 15-7, 18-16, 
15-13. Defeated Biola 15-5, IS-I, 15-11. Next home game Oct. 21 vs. 
CSU Northridge, 7:30 pm. 
~ROSS COUNTRY (Men's) Loyola 68, USD 44, UCSD 24. (Women's) 
USD 55, Loyola 42, UCSD 24. Next home meet Oct. 22 vs. TBA. 
WATER POLO defeated Occidental 15-5, defeated Loyola 12-4, 
defeated Grossmont 21-4, lost to Stanford 9-3. Next home game Oct. 21 
vs. Pepperdine, 3:30 pm. 

After an impressive founh place finish in the All-Cal Tournameni laS! week, 
MicheUe Whitmore turned in an outstanding performance this past week as she took 
first place in UCSD's meet with Loyola and crosstown rival USD. What is so amazing 

I about Whitmore's accomplishments thus far is that despite bein~ a senior, this is her 
first year on the cross country team. Having played on the volleybaU team previously, 
Whitmore's success, aside from her natural ability, can be anributed to tremendous 
effons during workouts and a great attitude towards herself and the team. Whilmore 
appears headed for the natiQnals. 

• 
• 

If)!ou're 
conIused about 

starting your career, 
here'S some belp. 

the perfect first step 
Heard of PFS? It 's our frkndly family of powerful. stl".1ightforward softwart" 
alrt"ady cited a~ the lelding softw:Jrt: for personal computers - like Apple, 
18M, Compa4, TI and OIhers. 
Your in\'o lvemcnt with Software Puhlbhing CorpOl".Ition - as a perfect first 
Sllo'P - can lead 10 cha llenging new ~lep~, a~ you help us aggres~i\'dy 
reinforce and en hancc o ur already strong po~ition in the marketplace . 

A~ a well -known and "aMI}, creatin~ compa ny, we 're moving fa~t. so there 
ha~ never hl"en a hener time to join u~! 
Opportunities are available in Product Marketing, 
Sales, Software Development and other related areas. 
)b u 'll be key to our continued succe~~ , :.0 we ' re prepared 10 offer you all 
the challenge and opportunity you can succe:.sfully handle . SCarting salary 
and henefits are excellent. 

On-campus interviews -
Thursday, October 20 

talle tbe next step by signing up at your placement center 

Or forward your resume (if on-campus inrerview is inconvenlc:nt) to Caretha 
Coleman, Software Puhlishing Corporation, 1901 Landings Drive, Mt . View, 
CA 94043. An equal opportunity employer. 

Software Publishing Corporation 

Mew I 
WIck Scrnn TV 

plus 6 ...... 'IV IIIOIIItoIs 
Happy Hour extended 

until 9:00 pm 
for 

MONDAY 
NIGHT 

FOOTBALL 
MOlt drinks $1.25 

~hotdOSl 
,......, 

Hal Crook Jazz Orchestra 
efta' the game. 

The IIOdIo IlIOc*d on the catrW" 01 u .Ic* 
YI\I!III Dr." .... u .Ic* Dr, For men 

InbrnlltlDn C8II 457·5590. You _ be 21 Of 
oIdIr to ..... pIdure 1.0. II rwquHd. 

ar-cod&. 

Improve Your Reading Speed and 
ComprehenSIOn Irom 2 10 7 tllnes 

FRH IIIlRGOUC1ORY SESSIONS 
CLASSES ON CAMPUS 
Son DIego Center 
2180 Gamet Ave .• Suite 20 
Paclftc Beach 92109 
(6f9)2""'. 
ML Mc~. ActnInistJator 

I. 
fUl """'Qif tNCIM..TS s.:I .. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 

!he penc:tng \IttgaIIon ~ RegInatd IIIINIrnI 
and the UCSD GuatdIcri and ytJj(u ~ 
dIfWIldII1tI b alleged deb I oaItOi I aiIIIng out (II 0 
.... (II artIdeI ~ br the ~ hal 
been IMtted out d court In 0 momer OQiwcble 10 
all parIIa (10117) 
ATTENIION AU. PRE-MEOS: ~ !peQk8r Dr. 0lat1eI 

~, o.an d AdmIuioIIi at lJCS) MIIcIIcaI 
School wi! dIIcuII and ar-. queIItonI ~ 
~ Into medical IChool TIuIdav. Oct. 201ft 
7:1KJr1"' USB 2622. SpoiIlOl8d br PHSO. (10120) 
8la.0GY. LItIEAAI. ARTS AND IEAllH OEGAEE 
Mt.IORS. .... yau gtaduatjng In June and IocJIma 
foro Challenge? WIO.CXII1IIder thetoughelt)obyau'li 
- bIe. CanIidIr the "-ace ~ Peace COrpI ~~wIII bealUCSO'I~Flazatodav 
and tomonow 110m 9.00 o .m. until 100 p.m . IN, 

~ tttev "'"'I J:Qttclpate In the hunanItieI 
and IOdaI IdenceI IIn&-up at the student center 
''hufTl>. '' Thev'" be thaIe from 10.00 a.m. until 200 
p.m. There will aIIo be 0 "Peace COIJ)I and FrtendI .. 
get together. this TU8Iday from 7:00 p.m. 10 9:00 p.m. 
In the Rellelle formal kulge. Everyone who II 
In'-ted Is weIcomel (10117) 
ENGINEERS-leom hOw to plan I8nIor design projects 
ond reearch PIOPOIOIa. Jean 1'brI. AMI. Dean d 
Grac:tuate SIudIeI. wilt due yau In at the ME club mtg 
on TUII Oct 18 at 6 pm (Aev8IIe 1nIonTtaI) (10/1 7) 
MlES I'EOI'I.E (UIaRGAAD N40 GRAD): You are 
cordIoIIv In\/Ited to the ME dub ~ on Tue Oct 
18 ot6 pm. Jean 1'brI. o.an (II Graduate SIudieI. will 
!peak an haw 10 pullOgettw 0 ~ propoeai_ 
.. wi-. 10 start. IOUI08I 01 SS. eIc. Inro cal 462-
8330. (10117) 
MuIIcIans come 10 the muIIctans club ~ 
Iodav at3 and WIds at ttvee In the pub. (10117) 
There', sill 0 chance to gel inIoIII8d In Rellelle 
atudent QCMlt. And out at the F'roIIoIrI br the 21 . (10117) 
c;u. what? n- CI8 Ittll 0 ...., PQIItIons open In 
the ~ SIuaInt Govnt. Come bv the PItl\IOIt 
CIIIIc» to pIdc up crt appIIcatlo I and ftnd out moM 
about <MJIIabIe f)OIItIonI br Oct. 21". (10120) 
Help IIJA)OtI the LaO uttean. Go _ FlalHoIae. 
.thII ~s bel! X-fOted carn.dv'Ned Oct 191tH 107 
8&10 r:m. No on. under 18 admitted. Tlcket1 an sale 
at the bac oIIIce. The ~_ spoOI'an fiats. (10117) 
Education abroad ~-1nformaHon IINIIonfor 
1l'~ applicants on T~. October 18 at 
7pm In the lounge d the international Center. See 
111m and SlIde shaw on the IICIrIaus progtafTtI. ask 
qUlltton, and ~t wfttI returned students. 
,6,ppI1coIIon deadline for Ulf/I and fi-Studv and 
field UcperieItOe In MeIdco: ~ 4. 1983. (10117) 
~ CoItunw. Oaate ¥OUr own unique 
00Itume 110m our luge Mleclion d wIgI. hata and 
Old CIoIhIng. 1hrIt VIIage. 7011 Undo Io1sto Rd. SO; 
750 12th. SO: 787511tocD.av. Leman GIoI;e; 300 W. 
MaIn. B Cajon. (10127) 

WANTED 
~ JOBS - SUn".. 1 ~ iQrd. Euor». s. 
A1Tw .• AuI\IaIIQ, AIIa.,. FIMa 8500$1200 monfhIv. 
SIgN .... iQ. r- Into. YIth 1JC laic 52 - CA - 19 
Cotana DIt Mc:I'. CA 92626. (10127) 
Wonted: Male volunteers wtth presentlv 
lIP' i iPb Italic naIOI aIIergv. for IIudIeI d !he 
-.ctw-. d 0 ~ "1UbIe and 0 ~ naIOI 
medIoaIloL For appojnlmlnt 01 furItter h "ilullu I 
pie(-. phone ~-4156 (8 am 10 4 pm). IIoIunNer1 
en paid up 10 $50. (10117) 
Ex~ TAwonled. Good pay. Cal4S7-3JlM_. 

FOR SALE 
For sale 1972 Ford MuItang wilt vnllOp ~ bdv 
0IIg <7ooIIW ill beautiful 0IIdng 51700 01 bel! ~COII 
M 2848238.(10120) 
SolId wood! ~ lingle waterbed flame. heater. 
"-PI 2 good cond. ~oo coli 693-8663 otter 5 pm. (10117) 
. 76 Honda CItCC OW; goad cor for student goad 
mileage 51850 01 belt ~ ~2-6362. (10120) 
1976 PIvmauth Mow blUe. good gas mileage rIllS 
great 51t1OO 01 belt ~ Call 287·7787-*'gs. (1012.) 
1976 Ala Romeo SpjderVeloce 5aXXl mllel rew IIreI 
IUCtt 0 deall Coli 589-0959. (10124) 
l<awaaaki t<D175 81 strwIlegaI. good c:andltlu .. 
little mileage. ConIoct Sob 276-0367. S450.oo (10120) 
HP41CVw/math pacS190. WOiYIIgo blll.ew/camp( 
eQUIp. S45O. Scubupro Mark 5Mg. w/~QOJf1iI 
$150. 5eaQueIt B.C. $80. Woll 566-5767. (10/17) 

HOUSING 
ROOMMATE WANTED tor 3 be<toom 2 bath houIe In 
Cordlff 0II8II00k1ng ocean. 5275/roo. Includes all 
utIIltllll. 942-6362. (10/20) 

Houle for .... ' clate to·campus. 5 beaoorn. 2 bath. 
51ooo/roo. ~5Q40. (1Of17) 

SERVICES 
M'tNG: I «it for !PIllIng and punctuation. FaIt. 
accurate. 51.50/page. 224-0329. (10120) 
lJIIWNiTED ~ REfIr1O'oIfO PERMMIENTl. Y near 
co~ La Jolla ProrIIllCIJ tal Center. 8950 l1li10 La 
Jolla Dr. SuIte 1160 .. C Cotl fer appI4M-JO«l. (617) 
Star \Nords typIrtg and WOld proceaIi tg. 9580 BIk. 
MIn. ReI. SloG. Term papers. n- All typing needs. 
578-d041 . (10f31) 

PERSONALS 
Hey Astlv-Sttaw theChem. \:.pt. what IWES",*" 
ore rnaciII oItorTlClriOolt Lew. RobIn. (10117) 
WELCOME AIIOARDI Elizabeth. Dortt. Jennw.r. 
fIanceIco. Lynn. CIndv. 1IMh. Nne. Mcnico. 
'NanlIen. Colette. Lanl DebbIe and Mcnico. Lew. 
¥OUr ~ DG IIIters. 

CONGRAIllATIONSI JennIIwr. Tilth. Nancv. SheIla. eo.-r.. JanIne, Terry. ~ Margaret. ~ and 
JInnIIIr. you· ... mac» UlIO proud. Lew. ¥OUr ...... (10117) 
Nancy: oongratuIaItons -.till! Lew yol YOJI big 
.... (10117) 
__ WOIO yQUnQwomanliom LCSO.lMIoo IChooI 
'*'t:tw ~ woutd t». But "*- _ no 
jobIlo be b.nd. And her plans _ not SOUnd. tkJt 
't\O'MD geM her CJttemaIto.w yau _ . (10117) 
Halle yau piawId the depth, 01 WONfD? (10117) 
Don'tlef STEP PQII you br IhII year. (10117) 

II 

10 

ACROSs. DOWN 
1. A bird intended to be gulped down 1. A bird which enjoys taking potshots 
6. What birds need stones to be stuck at people 
in, and farmers the opposite 2. An English, architecturaUy inclined 
8 . For birds, two be is not to be bird 
10. Friend of armed jailbirds and enemy 3. The Automobile Association, which 
of the other kind (abbr.) no doubt has something to do with 
11 . That is, nOlhing else (abbr.) tunning over birds (abbr.) 
12. A bird which can live as cheaply as 4, A domesticated animal (not to 'be 
one confused with a religious le3der) which 
16. Compil'ssed aK power, nOl, has less to do with ornithology than 
unfortunately, related to ornithology anything in this crossword 
(unless pigeons walk with it) 5. A physical characteristic and mode of 
18. A bird people, espedaUy politicians, movemenr of turkeys 
find unpleasant to eat 6. A dumb sound of hens 
19. The color robins keep abreast of 7. A tiresome quaUty of aU of these 
20. A bird which cannot fly in a straight crosswords 
line 9. Fertilizer of even more contemptible a 
25. An old and crazy water bird nature than that from buDs (abbr.) 
26. The importunate time of day 13. It is a word, but tOO obscure to worry 
songbirds wake us in (abbr.) about 
27. One's bird of this kind is often 14. Extreme habitats of the world 
cooked, especialy if one is a stool 15. A bird especiaUy prevalent during 
pigeon Viemam 
29. A nore on the scale, and a town in 17. An Arctic bird of direction - down 
which, birds are never known 10 sing 21. An ornithological gale 
30. Not: a bird, even when used by the 22. A debt never paid to a nightingale 
Orioles by Keats 
32. A bird of prey in English satire 2J. A consuming noise turkeys make 
35. A facility birds naturaUy have for 2-4. A swindling bird 
music, but nonetheless invisible 28. A feather related to drawing, common 
36. Not:e weD, and nothing else (abbr.) and safety. 
38. A smaD California bird in a 31 . The jive member of the bird world 
perpetuaRy frightened state 32. Some birds hatch others' eggs, this 
39. The texture made by the feathers delivers Olhers' babies 
around some birds' necks 33. Large Australian bird, Iand- and 
40. A wading bird used in heavy crossword-bound . 
construction 34. What unpopular performers are 
41. A very animated duck given and ornithologists seek 
AIeswm 011 f'GF of 37. An insect rather than bird of 

----------------------------------____________________________________________________________ ~c~i~~· 1~lu~tion,a---fly 

0.. Monrh $25 
Reg. '33 

Four Monrh. $85 
Reg, '132 

arrdlowuculdr f;trtm · 1IMdI· bod, COIItDM,jn. * IUIlYilional counseling 
* aJftWilielv IoaIdon omd ctrw JCW.k * s"-'er IIftd d,euin. room !lJCililie * 

* clti~ * club del III'1f JOCi4Is * 
1215 c.. ...... Del Melt' 6191481-6226 

TodIy, a law degree can be the most 
valuable asset for moving from midcIe to 
top management. And at National Univer-
sity, San Dieao. you can bePlatudies 
now for the jamt Master of Business 
Adminiatrabon and Doctor of Jurispru-
dence deane. 

We've IiuiJt our School of Law around 
the IIpeCiII needs of middle manqen 
who are rudy to take In important next 
.tep in their careen. AI coune. are 
conducted in the evenila. And the IacWty 
~ of judaoe. and attorneys who 
pncbce whit they teach. 

Perfllps a IIw degree can help you 

~ .to top manaaement .. For compjete 
infonnabon on our MBAI.JD ~u. 
lllTlIIl&e a personal interview . Dean 
Todd Bndiey at the School 01 Law, 
National University, San Dieao. call 
(619) 563-7310. 



I Want To 
Style Cut 
Your Hair 

$9.95 
Regularly 

$22 women 
$17 men 

Includes shampoo, 
condition, & haircut. 

(Blow-dry exira) 
Haircutt ing by Rome 

a t 
()MI . (; TT ~CTI()~i 

7-~~ ~ 
aero s from UC ~ D 

near t h Rodeo 
Offer upirt'S 10/ 23 83 

University Events Office preaentl 
ANDERSON'S 

ILLUSIONS 
C":lI~_ .tarrinl 

with 
Lealie Andenon &. Turk Pipkin 
Ml\IIiclan/ comedian/ eacapc anist/ con-man 
Harry Anderson returns to UCSD with a 
wholc new carpet ball o ( tricks and 
surpnses. A semi-regular on SarvrJa, N./(ht 
Lll'c, and Ch .... 'Ts, he' ll have hiS own TV show in 
January 1984. One of the most orilllnal and 

ent~rtalnmll pcrsonalitks around today . 
October 22, Saturday, 8:00 p.m. 

Mandeville Auditorium 
G.A. $6.00, UCSD Stu. $4.50 

UCSD Fac/ Staff. other t. & Sr. $6. 00 
'---_____ UCSD Box Office: 452 .. 4559 _ ____ ---l 

This DeskC8n ReachMach2~ 

Some desk jobs are 
more exciting than 
others. 

As a Navy pilot 
or flight officer, your 
desk can be a sophis-
ticated combination 
of supersonic jet air-

making authority. 
In the air, and on the 
ground, you have 
management responsi-
bility from the begin-
ning. And your 
responsibility JrOWS 
as you gain experience. 

craft and advanced electronic equipment. 
But you can handle it. Because Navy 
flight training gives you the navigation, 
aerodynamics and other technical 
know-how you need. 

No company can give you this kind of 
leadership responsibility this fast. And 
nothing beats the sheer excitement of 
Navyftying. 

The salary is exciting, too. Right 
away, you'll earn about 118,300 a year. 
That's better than the avefBP corpora-
tion will pay you just out of college. 
And with regular Navy promotions and 
other pay increases, your annual 

In return, Navy aviation demands 
something of you as an officer: 
Leadership. 

Your path to leadership starts with 
officer training that's among the most 
demanding in the military. It's intensive 
leadership and professional schooling 
combined with rigorous Navy flight 
training. And it's all geared to prepare 

salary will soar to 131,100 after four 
years. That's on top of a full package 
of benefits and privileges. 

you and other college 
graduates for the 
unique challenge of 
Navy aviation. The 
prograin is tough but 
rewarding. 

One important 
reward for Navy 
officers is decision-

Before you settle down to an earth-

r -;;v7o;;o;';:~';; - - - -;. ;; 1 
I INFORMATION CENTER I P.O. Box 5000, Clifton, NJ 07015 I 0 Please send me more information about b«om- I 
l ing a member of the Naval Aviation 'learn . (0A) I N .. me_= __ ==~_---;-:-::-__ 
I First ' Ple. ... Print ) Lea I Address Apt. 11 ___ _ I City St.te Zip I I Age __ +College/ Univereity ____ _ 
I 

f:Yeer in College tOPA 
.M.jor/ Minor' __________ _ 

I 
I 

I Phone Number I fA ... Codal Bnt Tim. to CIIII 
I Thi ••• fo, .... 1 rwruitl'Mftt information. You .. ROt have to I fumi.h any of thI inlormat6orl Nq--..d. Of COUnl. the mon .. kftOW. tho mon _ .... hoi, to ............. lIIo killda 01 Nav, pool. 
L lion. for which you qualify J 
-----------

bounddeskjob,~ 
for the sky. Reach for 
the coupon. Find out 
what it takes to be 
part of the Naval 
Aviation Tham. You 
could have a desk 
that rues at twice the 
speed of sound. 

IlavyOfficen 
Get Bespolllibilily fast. 

UCsupport 
dwindles 
By DAVID WOLF 

"Statt support of tht Univt'r II) has 
cHxled substantiaUy over tht past decade 
and a half ThIS fact IS well known .. . I do 
nO( Intend to belabor It. Insttad, I am 
stating my wnviftion that it IS lime not 
onl 10 du'ch the erosion but also to begin 
10 reverse it. " 

UC President David P. Gardner. 
September 30. 1983 
At a time when student costS arc 

increasing at an alarmmg rene . erosion 
01 stare suppon 01 the Unlve rsit)' 01 
CalifornIa has become a major <.:o ncern 
to high-ranking offi Cials In the U _ 
system. Despite haVing a hIgh callher 
faculty. UCSD woems are not getting 
the same kmd of education that was 
being offered 15 years ago , according to 
University of California soun.:es. 

In addition , new construction projects 
are being postponed or cancelled at 
Davis, Berkeley and Santa Barbara due 
to a capital budget (for "facilities 
improvements") that In '83-'84 was 3.5% 
of the 1965 equivalent in 1983 dollars. 
The erosion that Gardner speaks of, 
however, is in a far more vital area than 
new construction-that of the quality of 
education at UC schools. 

Two important and time-tested 
statistics in measuring the quality of 
education at institutions of higher 
learning have been the faculty-student 
and teaching aSSistant-undergraduate 
student ratio. According to the statistics 
Gardner released , the faculty-student 
ratio has decreased by 20% and the r A-
undergraduate student rauo by 10%. 
These statistics represent a senous 
decrease in the amount of personal 
guidance avarlable to students. therefore 
lowering the quality of our education . 
With the Regents pro.tecnng an increase 
in the number of students admined into 
the system. the situation has reached a 
cruc~1 point. 

In order to begin to offset this 
'problem, President Gardner is proposing 
a 5144 million increase in the operating 

budg~ next year and an additio~ 
)lOU mllbon to help save the !Called 
building projects in the system. These 
increaS(S.afII' a pan of the $1.35 billion 
sratr'biKlget proposal for the 1984-85 
year. The proposal goes before the 
Regents this month at the monthly 
board meeting. 

CAPE 
continutd from 7 
it is the mass response we look aC 

Harrison continues, "Given other 
things I research and service to the 
depanment) being equal. CAPE is very 
imponant. This is a research university, 
but it is also a teaching university, and 
if we are not reaching the studems 
something is wrong." . 

Dr. Stem agrees, "I would hate to see 
the procedure of having srudem 
reaction lost" 

It IS imponant to remember that 
CAPE repons are opinion. not fact. 
CAPE is only one of the many ways in 
which students can voice their views on 
professors and courses. Individualleners 
and personal conversations with 
depanment chairs are other effective 
channels through which to transmit 
studem suggestions. 

Primarily a publication lor students, 
CAPE serves as a guide to unfamiliar 
professors and courses and helps to 
prepare students for what they might 
expect in a class. 

~There is always a big demand for 
CAPE," repons Editor Kebow. Whether 
CAPE is taken seriously or not, Kebow 
exclaims that many people buy CAPE 
and enjoy reading it ~just out of 
curiosity'-


