


Dr. Carmel Myers has been appointed 
assistant vice chancellor of academic 
and student financial services. Myers, 
who has been at UCSD since 1976, win 
supervise Early Outreach, the 
Educational Opportunity Program, the 
Office of Relations with Schools, the 
Office of Academic Support -and 
Instructional Services (Oasis), and 
Student Financial Services. She replaces 
Harold T emmer, who retired earlier this 
year. Myers, who earned her Ph.D. in 
educational psychology at Michigan 
State Uviversity, had been serving as 
director of OASIS since july of last year. 

• 
The San Diego Symphony will hold 

an on-campus subSCription drive at 
UCSD in front of the main gyt1) during 
the week of October 24-27, from9:JO 
am to 2:30 pm. During the drive, 
Sludent season tickets win sen for half 
the price of regular concert tickets. 
Subscriptions sold [0 faculty and staff 
will cost only as much as the regular 
senior/student discount, a savings of up 
to 17% over single prices. Seats are 
reserved for the entire season, and aU 
price sections of aU subSCription series 
are being offered. The cost. the lowest 
offered this season, would anow 
students to see nine concerts for as little 
as $38. This is a one time only offer. 
For further information , call the 
Symphony office at 239-9721, and ask 
for Maureen or Coleen. 

• 
Dr. joseph R. Gusfield, professor of 

sociology, was awarded the Charles 
Horton Cooley Award for 1983 by the 
Society for the Study of Social 
Interaction for his book, The Cukure of 
Public Prob~ms: Drinking-Driving and t~ 
Symbolic Order. The award is given to 
the author of the book judged to be the 
oustanding contribution to sociology 
and symbolic interaction during the past 
one or two years. Gusfield's book was 
published in 1981. 

• 
The UCSD Mathematics Department 

will sponsor a colloquium on 
mathematics in China on Thursday, 
OCl. 27, 1983 at 4 pm. Visiting 
professor L. K. Hua from Cal Tech will 

Deja Vu ... 
1969 ... 

"It will fail ," was the unequivocal 
opinion of Tran Van Dinh, former South 
Viemamese ambassador to the US on 
President Nixon's new policy for 
Viemamization of the Southeast Asian 
conDict. Van Dinh told a UCSD 
aud ience in the gym on Thursday night 
that thiS and any similar policy would 
fa il because, "This war, even if you don 't 
hke it, IS already lost." He said aU 
Americans should reassess our foreign 
policy. "Any American mistake has many 
effects on many countries," 
1978 . , . 

It only took the first week of this 
quarter for UCSD students to discover a 
new and vital resource now available to 
them. "The first week of school was 
dead; nobody came. The second week, 
all heD broke loose: described UCSD's 
first fully certified athletic trainer, Rhys 
Danylyshyn-Adams. Judy Sweet, athletic 
director, is impressed with the training 
program so far: "It has given a 
tremendous boost to our athletic 
program. It makes me feel secure in the 
type of treatment our athletes are 
getting. Rhys has bwughr wllh him J 
controverslJI new technique In IrcJtlng 

speak at the session, which will be 
preceeded by a tea at 3:30 pm in 7356 
AP&M. The talk to follow will be held in 
2402 AP&M. 

• 
The Mission Bay Aquatic Center wiD 

begin its fal session classes on Nov. 5. 
Surfing. windsurfing, sailing. waterskiing, 
rowing, kayaking and scuba diving are 
being offered. The Aquatic Center is a 
non-profit, cooperative, colegiate 
waterfront facility owned and operated 
by Campus Recreation at UCSD and the 
Associated Studenrs at SDSU. For 
information call 488-1036. 

• 
Despite the overwhelming role that 

computers play in today's society, many 
intelligent, capable people are scared 
stiff [0 give them a try. Because 
computer literacy has become as 
imponant as the three Rs, UCSD 
Extension now offers a course over two 
Saturdays designed to help San Diegans 
ovecome their computer apprehension. 
Tided OIItrcoming Computtr Anxiety, the 
class wiD be held 9 am - 4 pm Nov. 5 
and 12 in UCSD Extension Classroom 
2,9600 N. Torrey Pines Rd. The fee is 
$95, and enrollment information is 
available by caDing 452-3400. 

• 
Frank Todd of Sea World wiD lecture 

on "Penguins: San Diego to Antarctica" 
on Friday. October 28 at 7 pm in the 
auditorium of the Natural History 
Museum in Balboa Park. The resounding 
success of the unique exhibit, "The 
Penguin Encounter," at Sea World is 
largely due to the research efforts, 
guidance and dedication of Frank Todd. 
Since he joined Sea World in 1972, he 
has been in the forefront of eStablishing 
a breeding colony of High Antaractic 
Penguins. His research has taken him to 
Antarctica on many occasions as weD as 
other ares, including Chile, where he 
studied the endangered Humboldt 
Penguin. The COst of the lecture is 55, 
and reservations are adVIsed. Make 
checks payable to Narural Histoty 
Museum and mail to the Museum's 
Education Department, P. O. Box 1390, 
San Diego, CA 92112, or call 232-3821 
for further information. 

injuries, which has earned him the utle 
"The Iceman." 
1979 ... 

The first gathering at "Speaker's 
Comer," a new public speaking forum 
held yesterday on Revelle commons, 
featured student speakers on a potpourri 
of topics including body language, 
revolutions and gas station rip-offs. The 
soapbox is open to anyone, according 
to Ed lazarus, chainnan of the Revelle 
College Noon Programming Committee. 
"All you have to do is jump up on a box 
and start talking: There are four rules to 
which speakers must adhere: no 
profanity, no amplification, questions 
may be asked, debate may take place 
between two or more speakers as long 
as one speaker is not obstructed, and aD 
persons are welcome to speak, including 
students, faculty , administra[Ors and 
anyone from outside the campus. 
1980 . .. 

When a "good-looking guy weanng 
shades and sandals" walked into the 
Humanities Library last night around 8 
pm, he caused qUite a ruckus. The fact 
that he was wearing on!>' sunglasses and 
sandals may have had somethmg to do 
with it. "I th ought then' was a riOt when 

AS Forum 
It is easy to forget that there is another, real world out there when one spends 

one's days immersed in academics. Yet UCSD is a part of the community that 
surrounds it , and it is also a public, state-run Institution. In order to oversee the 
constructive interaction between UCSD. San Diego, and the State of California , 
the Associated Student Council requires the services of the commissioner for 
external affairs. This year's commissioner is Lisa Stenmark. 

Stenmark's job is to see to it that the students on campus do not become 
afflicted with the tunnel vision that keeps them directed solely toward grades. "I 
am workmg right now on what I tentatively call the Community Service Project, 
which will be operated as an AS program out of external affairs, where we will 
put students in volunteer positions in the community," says Slenmark. "These 
will not be internship positions but will be more like going to a hospital and 
reading to a blind person , or going to the home 01 shut-ins (non-ambulatory 
persons I and helping them out." 

Any programs in which one of the parties involved is an off-campus group 
come under the oversight of Extemal Affairs, such as the much decried Coors 
boycott. "Because Coors and the AA..-C10 are both off-campus entities, the 
boycott technically falls under External Affairs." 

With eight commissioners on the Student Council who deal with internal 
affairs and one that deals with external affairs, the legislative bias is apparently 
toward the former, ~ot the latter. This makes the job tougher fo~ Stenmark, who 

after three years on the AS Council admits she has a reputation for being 
outspoken . "I am not ashamed to say that I can be real opinionated at times, and 
I can also be a real pain ," says Stenmark. Other times, I tend to get a little more 
emotional than I should , because these issues are very dear for me." 

The emphasis on internal affairs can be difficult, especiaDy for someone in 
Stenmark's position. She has suggested that perhaps the Council IS a titde too 
concerned about TGs and not concerned enough about what she caDs "More vital 
and important (affairsl than whether or not we have a TG on Friday: With issues 
issues such as a possible increase m student fees, the Coors boycott, draft 
registration and .legalized aboltion on Stenmark's agenda, it is frustrating to her 
that legislative time has to be delegated to things such as whether an event 
makes money or nol. 

Stenmark has found it difficult at times to do her job, which is keeping the 
Council informed on the important matters that affect the students from the 
outside. 'The problem is that the issues in extemal affairs are not real clear-cUI. 
Like, the commissioner of programmmg can come in and say, this many kegs 
will cost this much at a TG, and there is no real emotion to the issue. Whereas 
in external affairs they are controversial." 

Stenmark wants to let the Council know how important these issues are to 
students. The Legislarure, for instance , can make recommendations to the 
Regents as to fee increases, and Stenmark's job is to make the students aware of 
the electoral connection to fee hikes. Abortion too, while not a University issue, 
affects, according to her, "53% of the women on this campus." Stenmark 
disc usses abortion , because "using student fees for abortions on campus might 
become an issue." 

In regard to th e Coors boycott, Stenmark is adamant on her stance. 'The right 
to a union is grJnted in federal laws," says Stenmark. 'That sort of thing affects 
students, because everybody on this campus is going to graduate and work 
somewhere , and conditlons on the outside do affect the Council. That is why the 
issue is there in the first place." She spoke up on this issue last week, when she 
accused the AS Council , and specifically President Lee and Commissioner 
Hemperly, of ha vi ng been "bought out by Coors." When I said that Coors had 
bought out the Council , I did not mean to say that Coors had gone up to Lee or 
Hcmperly and Said , 'Hey, il you vote for us we will give you free beer.' .. 
Stenmark cited a function about two years ago when Coors tried to give a 
student organization free beer. 

"It 's baSically adverti sement, because college campuses are the place to get beer 
drinkers Thi s is because if you start dnnk1l1g il beer in college, studies have 
shown th.lI 11 is prob<lbly the beer you ilre going to drink the next 10 to 20 years 
of rour It fe: 

As to her accusa tl uns against HemperIy and Lee; Stenmark stili feels that they 
werc both openly rude to the AFL-C10 represc ntativc 111 the Council meeting. 
She also recalls the Coors- paid fact-finding trip to Colorado. -We stayed in our 
own moms. and all of our expenses were paid for." Acordlng to Stenmark, Coors 
paid a 101 of money for the venture. 

Su:nmark is now in for an uphill fight .Igainst Coors. L'Ist Friday, the Council 
repe.tled the boycll([ b)' ,I two-thirds majoriry . The pl)ss ibility of a student 
referendum is beco1l1111g more and more hkely. 

I walked in here ," said larry Grant, who 
was working at the circulation desk 
soon after the would-be patron entered 
the library. Accorrling to some witnesses, 
the man walked over to the card 
catalogue as though he was looking up a 

book. He then strolled around the first 
floor while students on the upper study 
level applauded and cheered. Grant 
said, "It's the most excitement we've had 
here since the last bomb threat." 

-Chriscopher Canole 

Student Lobby is the 
Santa Claus ofUCSD 
By PHIL WILLON 

The UC Studenr Lobby is directly 
responsible for Icftpins our fees ~r, 
financial aid c~ better and makins 
ln8uence In the California Legislature 
" .~r. 
• We've .ved students a lor of money," 

said UCSD Lobby Annex Head jeff 
Myers. "We're doing thinp of direct 
benefit to the stUdents: 

I.aII year, the swdent lobby had a 
healthy traCk record of having four out 
of their six sponsored measures either 
siped into law or passed as resolulions. 
T6e main theme of the bills was more 
money for studerus. There was also a 
Sludenu' housing rights measure and a 
biD to help increue the number of 
registered student voters. 

The two bils that ~re rejected ~re 
"real hot items," as one lobbyist put il A 
measure criticisins the ues production 
of nuclear weapons ended up in a tie 
vote and thus died on the Assembly 
Door, and a Health Service Scholarship 
Program had the honor of beins vetoed 
by Governor Dcukmejian himself. Both 
bills were lobby-sponsored. 

The Student lobby has become 
recognized as one of the mast powerful 
in the state, and that can be directly 
attributed to the imponance of 
education. "We are ple3!ed wim our 
success in me Legisfature," said Miguel 
Ceballos, director of the UC Student 
Lobby. "This shows students can make 
an impact on the State Capitol's 
decision-malting process." 

- The Lobby's biggest victory last year 
was the passage of a student financial 
aid biD. Because of this bill, students 
now receiving financial aid will be 
sufficiently compensated if student fees 
increase. Also, the responsibility for 
supporting this biD monetarily win not 
lie upon the students, as the funds will 
be provided through other undesignated 
means. 

The lobby was disappointed by the 
failure of the UC Weapons Study bill. Its 
main objecti~ was to make the UC 

~gents irtVeSligate the possibility of 
convening the Uvermore and los 
Alamos laboratOries, which engage 
primarily in the research and 
dew:lopment of nuclear weaponry to 
peacetime uses. It ~nt on to say that 

these £acillties se~ no educational 
purpose and are contradictory to the 
University of California's commitmenr to 
the improvement of the pmlic welfare. 
The bill was andy tablecl on the 
Assembly floor. 

The biB vetoed by Deulcmejian would 
haw: provided medical personnel to 
areas that suffer from a shortage of 
heakh manpower. lr would have done 
this by offerlns scholarships to those 
studenu in the medical field if they 
.-eed to work in the shonase areas 
afwr they gradlalECi. "He (DculunejianJ 
doesn't think that these types of 
programs .~ necessary," claimed Miguel 
Ceballos, UC Student Lobby director. 

Right now, the UC Student Lobby is 
woddng on an alternative biD for this 
which will be reviewed by the 
legislature when It convenes in januaty. 

The issues that are pursued by the 
Student Lobby are not of their own 
choosing. The Student Body ~sidents' 
Council sets aD policy and the lobby just 
implements it The funding for the lobby 
(alf S15O,ooo of it), is provided through 
contributions from the Associated 
Student government. Neveltheless, this 
is no where near enough money for 
them to represent all the SlUdents' needs 
and concerns. 

Evety UC campus is provided with a 
Lobby Annex which i~ responsible for 
infonning its students about jUst what is 
happening in the State legislature as 
well as representing SlUdenr interests in 
local matters. The director of the UCSD 
Annex, jeff Myers, says that his major 
project thus far is trying to get the $10 
million from the sale of the University 
House directed toward solely the UCSD 
campus. Also, he is trying to get the 
construction date of a new UCSD 
engineering buiding moved up. It is 
currently fifth on the UC Regems 
waiting list of new buildings to be 
completed. 

But Meyers complained that it will be 
hard to do anything unless his budget 
improves. "It's disgusting the way we've 
been overlooked." He has put in a 
request for increased funds to the 
ASUCSD bUllater commented, "As far as 
I know, the AS is going to kill this: 

en U Rd Ths? 
If you are curremly enrolled in Warren Writing, Revelle 

Humanities, or Muir 10 you can finally put the skills that 
you are learning imo a wonhwhile use and earn some 
cash in the bargain!!! Writers for the Guardian are the 
highest paid of all the UC papers due to the high risk 
involved in our journalistic search for truth. If you are 
imerested in being the nextJackAnderson, An Bucbwald 
or even Rex Reed there is a place for you on the Guardian 
staff. Give us a call at 452-3466 or come by our office 
located next to the Che Cafe. 

Mayer, first UCSD 
chemistry professor dies 

Dr. Joseph E. Mayer died Saturday, 
October 15, at the age of 79. He was 
one of the first faculty appointed to the 
Department of Chemistry at the 
University of CalilOrnia, San Diego and 
one of the chief architects of the 
department's structure and growth. 

Mayer, the son of a bridge engineer, . 
was born in New York City on February 
5, 1904. He attended the California 
Institute of Technology, where he 
received his OS degree in 1924. Three 
years later he was awarded a PhD from 
the University of California, Berkeley. 

Thus began a distinguished career 
which took him to the University of 
Gottingen, johns Hopkins, Columbia, 
the University of Chicago and finally to 
UCSD in 1960. 

In 1930 he married Maria Goeppert 
Mayer, who earned the Nobel Prize in 
Physics in 1963. Following her death in 
1972 he married Margaret Griffin. 

Mayer HaD, located at Revelle College 
on the UCSD campus, is named for 
both joseph and Maria Mayer. 

AmongJoseph Mayer's Significant 
contributions to chemistry was the 
development of mathematical methods 
which simplify conceptuaUy and 
numerically t~e complex interactions of 
molecules in dense gases and liqUids. 
These methods have led to a much 
deeper understanding of the 
condensation of gases and theory of 
ionic solutions. and have come to a 

. wide use in all parts of theoretical 
science under the name "cluster 
diagrams." 

Mayer was a member of numerous 
scientific organizations including the 
National Academy of Sciences, American 
Chemical Society, American Physical 
Society. American Academy of Arts and 
Sciences and the American 
Philosophical Society. 

During his career Mayer won many 
awards, among them the Gilbert Newton 
lewis Medal from the American 
Chemical Society in 1958, the Charles 
Frederick Chandler Medal from 
Colombia University in 1966, thejohn 
G. Kirkwood Medal from Yale University 
in 1967, the james Flack Norris Award 
from the American Chemical Society in 
1969 and the Distinguished Alumni 
Award from the California Institute of 
Technology in 1971. 

He was also the recipient of a doctor 
honoru causis in 1962 from the 
Universite libre de BruxeUes. 

Mayer was on the editorial boards of 
several scientific journa~ during his 
career and was the author of more than 
75 publications. 

He is survived by his wife; a son, Dr. 
Peter Mayer of Guam; and seven 
daughters: Maria Wentzel of Maryland, 
Sandra David of New York City, Sheila 
Griffin of Cape Coed, Bridget locke of 
Beverly Hills and Gee Chases, Christina 
Griffin and Mawa Griffin of San Diego. 

A II ~,_.I_ ... lnc .. __ . SoIoU 5 l_tf O. -------------------------------":::iiI"'~t::::r::_:~ .. ------.., 

laported M ....... St. ....... ucI .. den above the nst. 
IRlD POI MoosalAl WlM yOU DRIIII DON'T DlIVE. 



I 
Editorial 

The UC-AFf conflict is a result of 
inadequate channels of communication 

By the time a labor dispute reaches the couns, there is usually enough bad 
blood flowing to waste a great deal of both the plaintifl's and defendant's time 
and money. Valuable coun time is lost as well - time that is paid for by the 
taxpayer. The truly unfortunate aspect of this waste is the fact that it is often 

~he result of no more than a breakdo,,:,n in communication between the panies 
Involved. ThiS seems to be the case with the American Federation of Teachers' 
(AFT) suit against the University of California (story on page 7). 

The long-standing American tradition of confrontational labor negotiations 
~y not be a thing of the past, but it is cenainly no longer the only way that 
disputes are settled and contracts renewed. Continental Airlines' Frank Lorenzo 
is'attempting (via .the co~ns, naturally) to use Chapter II of the bankruptcy 
law to break Continental s laser contract and force the unions to accept pay 
cuts deemed necessaty to save the ailing carrier. His approach, however, goes 
beyond confrontation aU the way to simple aggression. 

The other extreme in labor negotiation seems both more noteworthy and 
more rational. A good example was seen earlier this year when Chrysler 
Corporation joined forces with the United Auto Workers (UAW - normaDy a 
dirty word in Detroit's executive suites) local 212 to save Chrysler'S Detroit 
Trim Plant, which had been slated for closure due to low productivity. In the 
aftermath of this joint effort, Local 212 President Joe Zappa and Plant Manager 
Moe Teodosic could not find enough good things to say about each other. 
ProductiVity rose by 25%, and 709 jobs were saved . 

The AFT-UC connict falls somewhere between total confrontation and 
cooperation. Sadly, it is closer to the former than the latter. UCs Tom Mannix 

ll~fdt~Ir~ll~ilit~Ir~n<eilit<eIr~ll<eilit<eIr~ll~frfr<err~ce 
fr~lf~lettersll~ilit~lf~n~fdt~rr~n~ilit~rr~n<efrfr<e 
1r~n~ilit~lf~n<eilit~lf~n<eilit<eJr~n<efdt<eIr~n<eilit<eJr 

ll~fdt~Ir~ll<eilit<eJr~n~ilit~Ir~ll<eilit~lf~ll~frfr~Irll<efr 
Editor : 

I would like to congradulate Miss 
Rosen on her blistering attack on male 
professors, TAs and Ihe male race as a 
whole (Oct 24). Now I see why I have 
bem getting better grades Ihan some of 
my female friends. The reason is not that 
I was smarter, or Ihat I studied harder, 
or worked extra hours in related topiCS 
to understand my present material, but 
infact because I am a male and have 
received preferential treatmmt. 
Professors looked at my exams and said, 
"Ah hal This is a male's test: give him 
an 'A'! Obviously I didn 't get Ihe 
problems right in my physics and malh 
and sociology and writing and 
psychology and computer classes. It was 
all a farce! My professor's gave me Ihe 
grades I go t because I was male!! Well 
I'll be dallUled! Thanks Miss Rosen for 
poin ting this out to me! 

I've never bem so clearly straightmed 
OUt by an article before : an article 
consisting of unsupported claims and 
devilishly clever writing style. it's Ihis 
type of jouj1lalism Ihat is the brealh of 
Ihe ignorant (myselC) and the opiate of 
feminist radicals. 

Editor : 

frank R. BeJlucci, 
A student for Equality for aU. 

'NIlat a genius! Thank the American 
God in heaven for Thomas Rankin's 
brilliant in-depth analysis of 
"Sovietspeak". (t'S about time we had 
some anti-Soviet joumalism in Ihis 
country, and leave it to this institute of 
higher education and Tom 's mom and 
dad to provide us wilh Ihe right man. 

In reviewing Tom 's analysis we can 
see that Ihe majority of it is based on 
Ihe accounts of such impartial sources 
as the State Department and the 
Pentagon. As good Americans, you and ( 
know Ihat it is not in Ihe corporate-
military componmt's interest to 
fabrica te a lie ged Sovie t arms flow to E I 
Salvador, or Ihat mighty communist 
power Grenada as a pretext for 
intervention , and therefore they would 
never lie about it. Alex Dreshler, a 
reporter for the Soviet-backed San Diego 
Union, is just one of many communist-
sympathizing joumalists (and Iheir 
Russian-made cameras) who have spent 

monlhs wilh the rebels in EI Salvador 
trying to brainwash us that-the rebels 
are armed and c10lhed primarily with 
weapons and material Ihey confiscated 
from the extremely pqluIar backed 
Salvadoran government forces. The 
people of EI Salvador love their 
govemment and would never support its 
overlhrow. 

As for Ihat commie crap about flight 
007 having possible links with U.S. 
intelligence - well, Ihat doesn't evm 
deserve an honest answer, so I'll stick 
wilh the State Department's policy of 
not giving one. Just remember, these are 
Ihe same reds that tried to pin the U-2 
incidm t on us! 

And how about lhat LechWalesa. 
What a guy! Fighting Ihe Red menace in 
Poland so lltA and lIT can come in and 
create real worker solidarity in their own 
conscimtious way. I knew Lech was one 
of us! 

And how about Ihose pinkos trying 10 
claim Ihere 's a corporate-military 
component Ihat dominates all areas of 
media, govemmmt and big-business, 
and Ihat Ihey're creating a notion of 
freedom and perpetuating a system 
which will always msure they're at Ihe 
top? Can you believe this? As a god-
fearing raving anti-humanistic-
communist I know that I'm as free as 
Ihey come. I even heard Dan Ralher say 
we were Ihe freest people. And if the 
President says we 're Ihe leaders of Ihe 
free world, thm I'd believe it even if it 
wasn't true. That's how free I am! 

And finally, how about this one -
and I quote, 'The release of material 
resources, wrecklessly wasted on the 
arms race ; and the unfolding 
inexhaustible creative potentialities are 
Ihe things that CXl wlite people. This is 
what should determine Ihe policy of 
states 00 Ihe threshold of the twenry-
first cmtury." Can you believe this 
pacifistic, alheistic, socialistic notion of 
human hannony? Human 's weren't 
meant to live togelher in harmony -
we 're tOO evil. My reverend told me Ihat. 
That's why there are wars, to keep 
people working. If it wasn 't for the arms 
race, those worker orien ted corpora tions 
like General Dynamics and Teledyne 
Ryan would not have anylhtng to do, 
and they wouldn't make any money, and 

may have bargained in good faith, but his assurance of a six percent pay raise 
was foolhardy in light of Governor George Deukmejian's impending budget 
CUtS to the UC system. Things went from bad to worse when the University 
(perhaps to satisfy some son of equal opportunity requirement) began to cenify 
some library personnel as ~supervisors," even though they do not hold 
supervisory positions. 

One problem is the University'S tendency to dispatch memos whenever 
somethmg goes aWl)'. A flesh-and-blood human talking to a group of 
representatives is much more satisfactory to (and respectful 00 employees than 
is a tersely worded written announcement. Instead of sacrificing an executive 
to a morning meeting, UC must now dispatch its lawyers to deal with a spate 
of litigation. This is, to say the \east, an irrational waste. 

Experience has shown that when employees are apprised in advance that 
their t:mployer is financiaDy strapped (and this is surely the case with UC) 
they are usuaDy willing to sacrifice some Jay, at least temporarily. "Good faith" 
goes beyond complying with the law, an the benefits of open fines of 
communication show up in worker monUe, productivity and the weD-being of 
the entire organization. That organization, it should be remembered, includes 
the workers. 

I'd be out of work. Perish the thought! 
I'd rather die in a nuclear war! 

I'd just like to say in closing heM' 
proud I am to live in a God-fearing 
country where an informed genius like 
Thomas Rankin can say anything he ' 
wants and get somebody to call it 
newsworlhy. It's men like Tom who keqJ 
the fme joumalistic srandard of Ihe 
Guardian high above Ihe slanderous, 
libelous and oft-sued rival campus 
papers like The New 'ndicd/or, VOl 
fron/itra and Peoplc's Voice. Keep up 
that incredibly hard-hitting journalism, 
and grace us wilh your insightful 
Xlalysis more ohm. And don't let those 
fihhy rumors Ihllt your newspaper is 
nothing but MJZAI( in thf world of 
music get to you. They're just spread by 
Soviet-backed students XI~av. 

With an incredible amount of 
sincerity. -John Sclulcht 

Ex-G.urnltmt Writn 
Editor : 

I would like to respond to your 
edi tQrial, 'The AS Funding Question," of 
October 20. 

My intention here is not to argue for 
or against Xly specific funding 
proposals, but to question Ihe prinCiple 
by which you would havt funding 
decisions made. 

Your argument, it seerris to me, is 
based on the assumption that LC!l) 
undergraduates are homogmeous in 
terms of Iheir needs and interests. You 
refer, for example, to the "interests of 
the campus," to the "motives ... of Ihe 
student body as a whole," and to funds 
se t aside "for Ihe use of Ihe en tire 
studmt body." 

On Ihe basis of this assumed 
homogeneity, you argue for reductions 
or elimination of funding for 
organizations wilh small constituencies, 
since these groups cannot be appealing 
to Ihe needs of the "studmt body as a 
whole." 

I question the validity of Ihis 
assumption of homnogenity of interests. 
On the contrary, U::SO's undergraduates 
are tncredibly diverse in terms of 
political persuasion, aesthetic 
inclination, ethnic background, sexual 
orientation, and so on. It is precisely 
this diversity which enriches the 
personal, social, and "educational" 
environment for all of us in the UCSD 
c0mmunity. 

If fl.l1ding is provided only lor those 
activities and programs which can be 
demonstrated to appeal to at lest a 
majoriry ofLCg) students, how will 
those students who find themselves in 
the minority obtain flRis for activities 
which meet their speCific needs and 
intertsts?WiII they get no retum from 
Ihe money Ihey pay into the AS? 

The AS can. in my view, playa vital 
and pOSitive role by promoting a broad 

"lwl<' tllrn /(> ('<11:" 5 

Editor 
Tim August 

M . Editor =-~uder 
Copy Ediror 

James Ralph Papp 
OpUdon Editor 
Thomas Rankin 
~~Edbon 

~lce Greenberg 
Usa lapin 
Am Edkor 

Andrew Keeler 
AIIodaee Am Editor 

John Nee 
Spans Editor 
Jeff Savage 

Photo Editor 
Rich Pecjak 

Gellfml Mlllllu 
Chris Milke 

Associalie Geneml M ...... 
Linda Lewis 

Valerie McMullin 

PJ~=' 
Cynthia Cebula 
Rob Friedenthal 
Mark johnson 

mUSh'aton 
Gamell filZ-Henley 

Kathy Morrow 
TypaeG£1'S 

Joe Desiderio 
Anggie Lapid 
Phil Lauder 

Andy Laurence 
Chris Osterwalder 

Production 
Hannah Abrams 

Lisa Jones 
Paula Montgomery 

KeUy Neal 
The UCSD Guardian is 

published Mondays and Thursdays 
during the academic year by 
students at UCSD. Reproduction 
or use without permission of any 
portion of this newspaper is 
strictly prohibited. Not responsible 
for unsolicited manuscripts or alt. 

Our office is located southeast 
of the Revelle Provost OffiCe on 
the UCSD campus. The Business 
Office is open from 9 am to noon 
and 1 pm to 5 pm Monday 
through Friday. 

Subscriptions will be mailed for 
S 15 per quarter. 

The UCSD Guardian 
UCSD,8-016 

La Jolla, CaUfornla 92093 
(619) 452-3466 

Commenta!Y 

Going to extremes: A balanced 
perspective can calm troubled waters 
By CHRISTOPHER ~OlE 

Approaching the Revelle Plaza 
batdezone, filled with young freedom 
fighters for every cause imaginable, 
UCSD students lower their mirrored 
sunglasses and raise the volume of their 
Walkman stereos to defend themselves 
against the verbal accusations of 
"apathy." 

If students seem deaf to the cries of 
. protest over nuclear arms, the draft, 
women's rights, religious persecution, 
racism and other social issues, perhaps 
it is because they cannOl hear what is 
being said through aU the shouting. 

In the battleground of the world , it is 

conlinued from 5 
range of programming which reflects the 
real diversity ofLC!l)'s undergraduate 
population. In this way, AS policies will 
bmefit "lhe greatest portion of the 
studmt pqlulation." 

To make fundIng decisions on Ihe 
basis of homogmeity assumption is. in 
the end, to impoverish majority and 
minori ty a like. 

Montf 8roadfd 
Assistant Resident Dun 

. Warrfn CollflC 

nOl the apathetic individual who 
launches kamikaze anacks against 
mihtary instaUations and embassies, 
anemps to assassmate political leaders, 
threatens nuclear war and will go to any 
extreme to destroy his or her 
adversaries. 

If apathy does not produce any 
changes or growth in the world , at least 
it also does nOl cause destruction in the 
name of righteousness. 

For those students who are not 
committed to extreme pOSitions, how 
does one appraise the available 
information and develop a balanced 
stable position before the shouting tums 
to shelling? 

The information distributed by 
students committed to a cause through 
leaflets and the campus news media can 
be useful if a student analyzes the 
information with a moderate concern. A 
media article has the potential of 
becoming propaganda, and a caU for 
extremism, only if the reader 
approaches it with a fixed attitude. 

Dealing with issues involving UCSD 
students, there are three types of 
panicipants: those who wear blinders, 
those who wear magnifying glasses, and 
those who choose to look at issues 
without artificial aids. 

When the casual students do take a 
moment away from their studies and 
parties to read a pamphlet or newspaper 
or to listen to a speaker at a table in the 

CHRISTMAS 
BREAK-AWAY 

to the TROPICS 
Roundtrip air transportation via United Airlines 
Roundtrip transfers: Airport / Hotel 

• Lei Greeting 
• Hotel Welcome / Continental Breakfast 
• Hotel Accommodations for 7 nights at Holiday Isle 

1 block from Waikiki Beach 
• Double occupancy $557 / Triple occupancf $547 

Deposit due Nov. 7 / Balance due Dec. 1 
Sign-up and details in OffIce of Campus Recreation 

·""""""-·"""""mber 
11-18 

OCR: Office of Campus Recreatlon/PE Dept./x403 

quad, they can be seen wearing their 
blinders made from thei r emotional 
responses. With knowledge limited by 
these blinders, the blinded are quick to 
jump to conclusions and argue with fire 
and fury , using mformation out of 
context. 

The blinders (hey wear are well-worn 
hand-me-downs given during their 
upbringing. These blinders have become 
so much a part of an individual's mental 
wardrobe that many wiD deny the 
bli nders ex ist. 

Some blinders are made of faded 
military khaki and worn by (hose who 
insist the government's one and only 
purpose is to arm and defend the 
American or Soviet political structure 
throughout the world . To them, (he 
entire world is filled with the enemy or 
potential enemies Their blinders 
prevent them from seeing the needs of 
others. The camouflaging of these 
military blinders masks the blood stains. 

Wearers of political mule-and 
elephant-skin blinders often think and 
react only in opposition to the policies 
of their political opponents. They 
anempt to justify their actions in the 
spirit of Americanism. But as Emerson 
pointed out, "The spirit of our American 
Radicalism I political polarization I is 
destructive and aimless; it is not loving; 
it has no ulterior and divine ends; but is 
destructive only out of hatred and 
selfishness." The United States is not 

the only country to be politically 
blinded: wherever there is nationalism 
or special interest groups, you will find 
blind foUowers . 

When students decide (0 stop being 
blind foHowers and become active 
participants in social issues, they often 
trade their blinders for magnifying 
glasses. Like the blinders, the 
magnifying glasses have a narrow range 
of view and concem. Through 
magnification, they begin to see the 
whole world as one gigantiC issue. 
Everything becomes sexist, racist, leftist , 
righlist , anti-semitic, capitalistic, 
communistic, etc. 

Those with magnifiers do become 
very knowledgeable on an issue, but 
they also become less tolerant and more 
dogmatiC when listening to or 
negotiating with opponents. As William 
Borach said, "There is nothing that dies 
so hard and rallies so often as 
intolerance." 

Extremists use their greater 
knowledge as fuel for destructive 
commentary. Then they hold their 
magnifying glasses above the fuel to 
concentrate their heat of hatred on one 

I small sport to ignite the fires of conflict 
Extremists are the creators of 

propaganda. They selectively diston 
history to arouse fear and anger. Friends 
and loved ones who died in past wars 
become etemal martyrs for the cause. 

please turn to pagt 14 

Seniors, Grad Students 
r-----Announcing: ----~ 

IBM's 
Career Information Day 

Friday, October 28, 1983 
9:00 am to 4:00 pm 

Student Center 
North Conference Room 

First Floor 
BS/MS in EE, ME, Physics and CS 

for technical positions. 
Marketing majors with 

technical backgrounds for 
sales positions. 

Come informally any time during the day 
and learn about career opportunities 

in IBM trom m an y different locations. 
throughout the country. 

Bring three personal data sheets 
or resumes for admittance. 

Citizenship or permanent residence required 
for interviews. 



this week F===~ 
PUB 

---~-========~~t~l=:==== 

lhurs. 6::IO-7tlq", 
the -lim 
HALLOWEEN BASH 
featuring 

MAGIC by Jon Silver 

~i. Starting 4:~ 
Preview scenes from lal.1 PlYOI 

6:15-8:15 pm pm 
DANCE TO THE 

plus: full showing of 
Live on the Sunset Strip 

-

" oddst"""'ed by SCI 
- Admission f~£ to all events 

lWIN 
PRINT 

SPECIAL 
Get two sets of color prints 

for the price of one 
2nd set FREE! 

• " J .. 
L....I_:./ 

:.:, .~~ 

One set to keep - One set to share. 

12 exposure, 24 prints ..... $2.47 
15 expo disc. 30 prints $3.69 
24 exposure, 48 prints $4.47 
36 exposure, 72 print $6.77 

( lin I~" Ilr, .I'HI III" (, ·,11 1'"" "',) 
Another Great Photo Value from 
UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE 
University 01 California, San Diego 

La Julia, Ca. 92093 
Computer; Electron1c~ Depart ml.nt 

Plume· 4524291 

Hours : 
Monday·F nday 

8:00 am 4:45 pill 
Saturday 

1000 dm 4.00 pm 

.MInwJou,~.Ie,.~~~ 
A ......... ca Ion TIN fU_0ri8".." dIdr..t: ... it .. ell I .' _ 
and it'. am..,...." rk ....... m.d.W - Studa 'Iakel, WPMY CIliaF 

November 10, Thursday, 8 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 

UCSD Stu. $5.00, G.A. $10.00 
UCSD Fac/Staff. other Stu. & Sr. $8.00 

Presented by Center for Wortd M ... witIa ........ "-UCSD 
Eveats Office A c.HforIIia Arts (AaecI 

Ceater for Wortd MII8ic: ... COMBO b • '.,. 

MMAI ' .. 
. HoI Pot Ollei·. , 

1IIo~"""'_._""'" htfI_.,.... .... _c-. ........ f _____ .. 
...... _-_ ...... --
.II5C1 __ ..... _ ..... it 
ftf ......... _ ....... _ ..... .. 

-- . 
"" ... _ . __ c;.,._ 

. ='7.:t-. 
Send _ IIIII ...... 

AvaIlable a/ University Bookstore 

.. 

Teachers' su_it against UC still pending 
By DAVID WOLF 

The University Council of the American federation 
ofTeachers (AFT) 6led unfair ·practice charges againsr 
the University of California last momh, charging that 
the University broke an '8reemem made with the 
newly deeted union over the summer. 

The fonnal charges were 61ed with the Public 
Emp10yment Relations Board in San francisco on 
September 12. They srarrd that representatives of the 
librarians had met with a University representative, 
Tom MlIlnix, on two occasions, 6rst on June 30. right 
after the union VOle by the librarians and before the 
resuks of the election were released, and second on 
July 6. bd<n it had been con6nned that the librarians 

-

well! officially represented by the union . According to 
the complaint, Mannix assured the representatives 
both times that the librarians would receive a 6% pay 
increase across the board on January 1, 1984, and an 
additonal 1 % raise in April. 

On July 10 the election results were officially 
ce"med, and the American Federation of Teachers 
became Ihe "exclusive representative" of the librarians. 
Some two weeks later, on July 25. the University 
published memos and press releases to the effect: 
"Salary oj librarians who are repre.scnttd by an exc lusive 
Ixtrgaining agent will not be adjusted on July I, 1983 and 
any adjustment after that will be subject to meet and conJer 

obligations under HERRA (sic) IThe Higher Education 
Employer-Employee Relations Act): 

Aside from [he StriCt financial end, the librarians 
have a greater concern. Suddenly, after they have been 
declared officially represented by a union, they begin 
to see the University selecting certain libra'fians as 
supervisors, many of whom were nor actually in 
supervisory poSitions, therefore excluding them from 
the represented bargaining unit altogether. 

"The issue is a disparity in pay for comparable 
work: said Reference Librarian Eilior Kanter. Say, for 
instance, that I am doing the sam~ thing as . . 

please tum to page 8 

~ 
~ 
s;: 

..s;: 

~ 
i:i 
.2 

~ 
1); 
::s ~----------------~~----------------------~~------------------------~~ 

'1\!s! Now you can acquire &DOd taste for a 
couple of bucks. Just wear shirts and visors 
that say "Dos Equis." After all. those 
are foreign words. And anyone in colleJ'! 
knows people who wear stuff with foreign 

words and alligators have good taste, 
So, order your kind of good taste in Dos 

Equis sportswear today. And remember to 
eat your peanut butter and jelly sand-
wiches over the sink. 

If 

~ 
.~ 
Qi 
'0 
... 

0 
-11'1 
.x 

i 
... 

~ 
0 
-~ 
.2 
;( 

~~~~~ 
JJJJJ 
Ci)Ci)u;Ci)Ci) 

iii 
0::0::0:: 

.x)!)!)! 
c::.I:E:E:E ~iii~~~ 
~~88~ 
~~Iti~~ ~~~ 

Cl ltIJ __ U : 



I Role in Central America 
challenged again 
By LANCE BERNARD 

"The United States is trying to topple 
anoc:her legitimate people's govemment: 
Nora Sierra stated during her sptech at 
Rolando Methodist Church on October 
21. Sierra, aid coordinator for the 
American Friends Service Committee 
(AFSC) in Pasadena, spoke before a 
church-affiliated assembly to appeal for 
peace in Central America. 

During the one-hour presentation, 
which included a speech and slide 
show, Sierra ( a native Guatemalan and 
ten-year resident of California) gave a 
back8round report concerning US 
intervention in the region. American 
troops, she claims, have intervened in 
Central America 33 times since the fiTst 
troop dispatch in the 18505, and by the 
end of 1983 the US government wiD 
have spent $1 billion on military aid to 
the oppressive and often savage right-
wing regimes in that area. 

Sierra cited the reasons fOT conflict as 
being the inequality of land distribution 
and wealth . (In El Salvador, TWO percent 
of the population owns 60% of the 
arable land, and much of the populace 
earns less than $300 annuaDy.) She· 
claimed that the Sandinista 
revolutionaries who hold popular favor 
are nOt Communist-backed, whereas the 
Reagan cabinet claims Cuban and Soviet 
contributi on to the unrest. 

Reagan's role in El Salvador, she feels, 
is comparable to johnson's can for 
escalation in 1964. "It is difficult to 
believe that Central American countries 
are a threat to US security: replied 
Sierra when asked about the American 
quest for stability. The US is making a 
grave mistake "trying to solve the socia\. 

economic and political problems 
through military means." 

When the topic shifted to human 
rights, Sierra disproved Reagan's claim 
that the Central American situation is 
improving. She stated that between 
March 1982 and March 1983, 3,000 -
8,000 Salvadoran civilians were kiUed , 
and since 1977, approximately 40,000 
Guatemalans have died , mosdy 
innocents murdered at random by the 
government. 

She fervently showed disdain for 
Reagan's refusal to grant Salvadoran 
refugees political asylum. Many of the 
300,000 Salvadorans in Los Angeles are 
undocumented and unemployed and 
run the high risk of deportation . Many 
returning Central Americans face certain 
death at the hands of the army or 
vigilante groups working under the 
landowning elite. Some are gunned 
down upon arrival at the airport; others 
tum up dead two or three weeks after 
deportation. 

The goals of AFSC, which she joined 
18 months ago, are "given toward 
mitigating the tremendous need of 
families." Housing, food , and medical 
care for refugees comprise much .of the 
group's function, v"hile rallying for peace ' 
and justice In the troubled region figures 
gready. 

"Security over justice" sums up AFSCs 
opinion of the increasing role in El 
Salvador. Sierra directly compares the 
siruation with Vietnam in 1964: Johnson 
inched troops in slowly but steadily, and 
evenrually we were there. If the pace 
continues, we may find ourselves "there" 
before we can inch out again. 

TAKIE THAT FIRST .PORTANT CARDA SUP HIRII 
Unlverslfy of C",lIi1Qr1Ua 
IlL Lawrence Uvermore 
... Nationa Laboratory 

Ask your Placement Office for details on our 
upcoming Campus visit, or s .. our ad In this 

paper next Thursday, November 3rd for 
• ddltlonallnform.tlon, 

LLNL Ia.n eqU8I opportunity employer, mlflh 
P.O. Box 5610, Dept. JCA, Uvwmor., CA 84550 

Librarians file charges 
continued from 7 
another librarian, but since th~ ~ in 
some way dassilird as supervisory, they 
are getting paid differently." 

Sue GaDoway, also a reference 
librarian, elaborated: "There is a basic 
principle that librarians have worked 
~ars lor, to effect that you do not have 
to supervise in order to be promoted. It 
is an established principle in UC 
libraries. Suddenly, this kind of decision 
from the University [to designate 
supervisors per seJ reverses the practice 
we have had for ~ars.· 

"The administration's action has 
caused confusion, outrage, and a serious 
morale problem throughout the system: 
said Berkeley map librarian Philip Hoen, 
who went on to accuse the University of 
"trying to undermine the collective 
bargaining system." 

A spokesman for the Office of Labor 
Relations at University Hall in Berkeley 
stated that Mannix's negotiations were 
made on the basis of the budget that 
was being run through the legislature at 
the time. The budget calle.d for an 8% 
overaD increase, including 5% salaries 
and 3% fringe benefits increase. The 
Governor's budget, however, only had a 
5% increase. Mannix was authorized to 
offer an across the board increase only , 
if the budget passed as it was in the 
legislature. Since it did noc:, the 
U ni versity was unable to fulfill its end of 
the contract. The only legal recourse, 
said the spokesman, was to schedule 
negotianons to settle the salary issue. 

When asked about what the 
promOtion policies would be, the 
spokesman explained that legally, until 
negotiations had taken place, there 
would be no exclusions made from the 
bargaining unit. Thus the librarians 
designated supervisors would have to be 

designated as such by nqJ)tiated 
standards·before receiving any exclusion 
from the baapining unit or any -
supervisory poll. Pending a conmact, the 
situation will be maintained as is. '"The 
University would not act unilateraly ," 
stated a spokesman of the labor 
Relations Office. ·We will not oy to 
undermine the collective bargaining 
process. The employees should have a 
right to decide upon their 
representation, and we win simply 
accept the employees' choices. Reality is 
now the union's, and we will have to 
live with this in the future." 

The librarians are determined to win 
the poin~ of promotions and set up the 
mechanisms for due process between 
themselves and the University more 
than they are interested in salary 
increases. Last week the University 
Federation of Librarians, the union that 
now represents the 400 librarians in the 
UC system. released its proposals, to be 
submitted when UFlAFT sits down with 
the University to determine furure 
practices. Like any other union , they are 
asking for policies and procedures they 
believe wilf assure the reasonable 

. treatment of the librarians in furure 
negotiations and in the workplace. On 
the all-important issue of promoc:ions 
and job designations, there are 
approxmimately eleven mechanisms and 

:procedures listed in the proposals that 
would ensure that the present library 
policy of aD librarians being treated 
according to their agreed-upon job 
designation wiD be maintained. 

As to the future of University-union 
neJ>tiations, Sue GaDoway says, "We are 
coming into this new environment 
offering to be cooperative, and we look 
forward to a continued, amiable working 
,relationship with the University." 

1· Hour Contacts & Glasses' 

Extended Wear Lenses 
wtth this ad 
Hydrocurve II leNIL 
Proflllional servic .. extra. 

You can wear Extended Wear Contact Lenses continuously for f'M:>weeks. 
Work. ploy and lleep In theIe ultra-ftVn, comfortable IenIea and wak~up 

seeing clearly with no dally cleaning hossIesI 
1,000'1 In stock. No appointment necellOry 

'Most caleS. One hour gm- at Spats Alena. lingle lliaion only. 

Dr. Leventhal Mission Valley 692-EYES 
Dr. Amqullt Paclftc Beach 273-EYES 

ALL' YOU CAN EAT 
Soup ... $3.50 • Salad ... $4.50 • Soup BE Salad ... $5.25 

Muffins, Breads and Dessert Included 

We also have Sandwiches, Quiche, Broiled Chicken Platter, 
Steak Sandwiches and Burgers. 

10% DISCOUNT WITH STUDENT I,D. 
Op_II-9: ..... DAlU' 7:t7PEAIILSTREET,LAJOLLA 454-345:1 

JAMES KELLY IS HERE 
Huntridge Hairstyles 

Summer House Inn • La Jolla Shores 
454-0785 

Have you wondered where he went? Have you 
missed his creative styling, his natural colors, his 

bouncy, carefree penns? 
Well James, fonnerly of Young Attitudes, is down the 
hill in LaJoUa, ofT of Torrey Pines Rd., and is looking 

fOlward to seeing you soon! ' 
r------- 2 for 1 --------, 
I Bring this ad &: a friend to I 
I receive 2 haircuts for the I 
I price of 1, $12. I 
L. ______ OfTer expires 12/1/83. _______ ..J 

--------theantit-------
Whm asJred how old she is, S .. nh« Kim rrsponds 

wid! lcI .. ahkr. If the qllestiOIlD' pmlsCs. she r!pIies. 
"Prmy old." She is twmry-jlvt. Sunil« Is a sellor INn 
a' VCSD, apecdllg ro gnubuJ~ dt~wuter. 

Althoup she hopes ro hr • ned cutist, 
SlInJa« did IIOC bestll cut seriously U jut a few )'NJS 

__ a",. TlIro ... OII' hD" chiWllood in KomI, she roo. only 
~ 1M lfWl .... rmy /IJ1 dassa repfrtd tn her schools. After 

~ d, SIIIIII« WCIS IIOC ..... ro hr .... CII1ist; from the tillie 
" she WCIS Itlde she was aIwrIys~in ro hr a tIoctor, 1M 

~ /akSl ill a smts of doctors throu her JamUy hlsrory. 
That SUM«'S fCimily '" jroIII Koma ro 1M 

unchmtt.d wdds of Southcm C .... fond ... In Sunh«'s 
please tUnl to page 10 

London School of Economics 
and Pollllcal Science 

A chance to study and live In London 
Junior-year programs, Postgraduate Diplomas, One-
Year Master's Degrees and Research Opportunities 

In the Social Sciences, 
The wide range of subjects includes: 

Accounting and Anance • Actuarial Science • Anthropology • 
BusIness Studies • Economics. Econometrics. EconomIc History • 
European HIstory. E\.ropean Studies. Geography. Gc:lwmment. 
Industrial Relations • Intematlonal RelatIons • law. Management 
Science • OperatIonal Research. Personnel Management • 
Philosophy. Population StudIes • Politics • RegIonal and Urban 
Plamlng Studies • Sea-Use Policy. Social Administration. Social 
Plamlng In DeIIeIopIng Countries. Social WoW.. • Sociology. Social 
Psychology • StatIstical and Mathematical ScIenc:eI 

~ems Analysis • 

LSE 
ApplIcations blanks from: 
AdmIIIions RwgbtlC». LSE, Houghton Sttaet. 
London WC2 2Af. EngIcnd, stattng whether 

UI~e or poItglOduate. 



J Sunhee Kim 

YOU Your blc:kgr •• "d 
pe It AeronauticaV Aerospace Engineers 
easily 

Looking to the future. And helping to sha 
Be a pan of projects that go far beyond 
de.fined technology. Live in a world where 
disciplines are static, few problems are si 
and few dreams impossible ... a world wh 

few 
Computer Scientists/Computer Engineers 

you can make a difference. 

TRW 
TRW offers a wide range of 
challenging opportunities in the 
fields listed; projects that range 
from theoretical studies to small, 
medium, and large ha~dwsre 
contracts for space, digital 
communications, software 

developmen~ systems engineering 
and microelectronics. 
TRW offers full support for your 
continuing education plus a work 
environment that IS exceptionally 
attractive to self-motivated people. 
TRW will b. on- elmpu. 
November 16 and Noyember 17 
See your placement office for sign 

ElectricaVElectronic Engineers 
mple Mathematicians 

ere Mechamcal Engineers 
Physicists Isolid state and OPIICs! 

Where you tin stlft 
Anti Submarine/Surveillance Systems Engineenng 
Avionics 
Command and Control Systems 
Communications Satellites/Ground Stations Systems 
Communications/Signal Processing Systems 
Data HandlinwProcesstng Soltware Systems 
High Energv lasers 
Manufacturing 
Microelectronics 
Missile Systems Engineering 
Optical Communlcaltons Systems 
PropulSion Systems 
SCientific/Manned Spacecrah 
Sensor Systems/Scientific Experiments 
Telemetry. Tracking and Control Systems 

,-
• 

• II 
• cer 

,. 
• I. 

• I. 
• I. 
• • 
• 

-

• • • 
• • lei II 
• • lei 
--• • • I. • II 
• • 
• 
• 

• • • • 
• • 

• • • • 
• 
• • • 

up information and plan to stan 
shaping your tomorrow. 

EquII Opportunity Employ., M/F/H 
U.S. Citizenship Required 

11~r; 
TRW EI'C:lroniu rt O.f •••• 

~::::-.-
RentaIteSal"'SefvlceeSupplIel 

Cary in for .... esttmates on rapeR 
Speclalzlng In portable ~ 

I $2 OFF with "fa ad I ,. 
2523 Morena Blvd. I 

275-3:WO : 
L-__ ~~~~JU1~~ ___ J 

• •• CLI" •••••••••••• CLI" •• 
• • 
• • 

: UP : ~ YOUR ~ 
i GRADE POINTI i 
• • 
• • : We have the an .... to •••• 

• 
: 0 a.Her Exama : 
: 0 Improved Study ........ • 
::. 0 Inc:reued R .... 8peed~ 

~ 0 Better Re.dlng AeIenIIon ~ 
: 0 Untapped CNetM ~ .. 
: CIUICIO EASYI NO HAB.B 
: You can do It without IftoIt 
• ualng Gray Mau.r Subll ..... 
: Programe to Improve the MInd! 
:. Relaxilleten to the __ ..... 

~ cally produced audio Cilian. n 
• program. Let the aubIImiI ... ~ 
• m..-ge re-program your eub- .. 
: conecIoua mind. You'll ower-
: come old (bad) hMIIIa and 
• create new ~) pau.n.. 
• 
• Our program. aM lINd by 
: un'*-lt'-. etudenta, athlet_ 
:. Proven to wortdI 
:::; ACT NOW . .. OR SOONER! n 
U r $Tea NOW Sl1.L· ii (offer" h.,. only 

at thle price.) 
Order 2 or .... JUIT ,11.-each 
HIIp IMI HIIp ......... IN 

~ IWcIIeaMd ...... T .. _ 
!: -- Ibout IfIIIIIMIe "" ... , ... ~ ... __ ......... L ~ 
:- ii 

:~I--------------­
:~----------------­
:~-----------------
.- .. ------
: "ChedI1If IIIOMr Older CIftIlo. "., .'.00 
• for MncIIIng; lOt ear ..... ...... 
!: ~III. MIM ...... ear cIIIIweIy. 

~S.ndIO:~''''''''' ~ 
._YMAna ii 
• 8uIW 1211 • 
: 222 W .. AdImISt.... : 
• Clllc:ego. IL. eoeoe • 
: .CL'P •••••••••••• CL ..... ~ 

By ROBERT BRYANT 
The San Diego Relays mark the 

beginning of yet another season for the 
U::!D swim team as both me men's and 
women's squads journey to U!D this 
Sarun:iay. This event is an important 
tme-up for me Tritons. who have meir 
first real meet in December (me U!D 
meet will not be scored). last year's 
men's team placed sixm in the f'CAA 
Division III Natimal Championships and, 
incredibly, eight Tritons earned alI-
American hmors. 

The women's team fared even better 
by placing fifm in me Nationals wim 
nine swimmers gaining all-American 
S!atus. 

Last year's performance was the best 
ever byll:!D, but seventh-year ,:oach 
Bill Morgan is looking forward to an 

even better season in 83-84. "We have 
swimmers who couldcooceivably break 
national records this .year," declared 
Morgan, who was referring to both me 
women 's relay team and specifically to 
all-American natimal recon:i holder Lee 
Morrow. 

In 1983, the Tritms will be practicing 
and competing for me first time in me 
50 meter pool located in ll:!D's new 
recreation complex. "The new facilities 
ne great!" Slated Coach Morgan. 
"They're the finest around for any 
Divisim III school. " 

Even though it seems that everyming 
is going well for me Tritons, there are 
some problems that me team must 
overcome. Four returning all-Americans, 
Peter Ackhoff, Todd Jacobson, Tracy 

tHE AntLE rE'S LACES 
HAS 

IIBITCHIN" 
PRICES 

"Best For Less" 

LAJOUA 
8843 Villa La Jolla Dr. 

La Jolla . CA 92037 
457· 151 5 

SAN DIEGO 
9011 Mira Mesa Blvd. 
San Diego, CA 92126 

578·8665 

Strahl and Jon Irwin, have been declared 
ineligible to compete at the start of the 
season. The reason for their ineligibility 
is rather complicated. Most ofU::~'s 
teams compete in the !'CAA Division 1lI, 
while only two teams. men 's baseball 
and basketball, compete in the NAlA. 

This dual membership forces aU 
UCSD men's teams to comply with both 
NCAA and NAiA rules . 

John hwin, a graduate student, is 
disqualified because even mough the 
!'CAA allows graduate students to 
compete. the NAJA does not Coach 
Morgan has filC(ffor a waiver in Irwin 's 
case, and a ruling on it will come some 
time in November. Morgan is confident 
that the waiver will be approved . 

Ackhoff. Jacobson and Strahl have 
failed to comply with me I'CAA rule 
requiring an athlete to complete 36 
units a year and to have compll:ted 24 
units over the last two quarters. 
Almough they did complete 36 units 
last year, they did not take 24 mits over 
the last two quarters. 

These swimmers will become eligible 
for competition in January proVided mey 
complete 16 units this quarter. 

Even with these minor setbacks, the 
Tritons will come torpedoing out of the 
Starling blOCKS on Saturday. and under 
the steady coaching of Bi~l Morgan, the 
team should make a big splash a t the 
National Championships in Atlanta, 
Georgia. 

. SOFT CONTACT LENSES 
One Hour Service in most cases 

INCLUDES: 
Contact lenses, examination, 
patient training, follow up, 
chemical care kit and fitting, 
EXTENDED WEAIl LINSIS 
ONLY ft65.00 

THE CLASSICAL EYE 
DR. ROIEIO' HELLER OPTOMETRIST I 

La Jolla Village Square 
(Inside the Mell; L~r Level) 

8657 Villa La Jolla Drive. Suite 136 
451-7374 
Hydrocurv~ ext~nded WUIf lenses available . 



J 
The water polo eguation: 

Difficult schedule equals poor record 
By ROBERT GEYER 

Last Friday, the UCSD water polo 
team rook on Pepperdine, the third 
ranked team in the nation. It was a 
good game with a fair performance by 
UCSD, but Pepperdine won it 7-2. Yes, 
the Tritons lost again. In fact, this 
season it is highly unlikely that their 
number of wins will equal their number 
of losses. Why do they lose so much? 
They are not a poor team. They can 
defe'\f any Division II or III team and 
give all the Division I tearns a run for 
their money. However, the Tritons are 
suffering from the tough schedule 
syndrome. Constandy playing the tOP 
ten teams in the nation when a team is 
ranked 17th does not produce many 
wins. Why then do they play these 
teams? 

As Coach Denny Harper points out, 
·We could play Division II and III 
tearns, have a 30-0 season and 
concentrate solely on Western Regionals 
[Division II and II championships): 
However, Harper doesn't think that his 
team should stop there. He is aiming for 
the NCAA championships, where only 
the top eight tearns in the nation 
receive tournament berths. Harper 
continues, "Even, if we did go 300{) 
against Division II and III teams, we 
wouldn't even get looked at to play in 
NCAAs. To get in, we have to play the 
Division I teams." What they need are a 
few wins or ties against top eight 

ranked tearns and the only way to get 
those is (0 play those teams. 

To Harper, aU is dear. "I would rather 
see my team play up to a Division I 
team than destroy a Division III team: 
In the recent past and present, the 
Triton team has come close (0 the 
NCAA Division 1 toumament. Two years 
ago, with its first really strong team, San 
Diego finished tenth in the nation, just 

has been placed on team play. With 
such a large group of new players, 
Harper did not want to work them too 
rigorously for fear of driving them away. 
Instead, he wanted to integrate them 
into the team as quickly as possible. 
However, the team's record is much like 
last year's. From the look of thinp, this 
year's team will do bener than last 
year's, but not 'NeD enough to make 

Should they always accept being beaten every 
year by the top teams, because they never really get 
the scholarship people they need to break into the 
dominance of Division I teams? Should they always 
accept being stuck with a lOSing season as they 
constantly struggle for an improbable dream? 

barely missing NCAAs aher tying a top 
eight ranked UC Berkeley. After losing 
seven starters from that team, UCSD was 
hard pressed to match the previous 
season's success. Combined with 
personal problems, UCSD finished a 
respectable lith. 

This year, Harper has definitely 
changed his coaching ways. Practice 
isn't so intense. Also, more emphasis 

NCAAs. Still the question remains, can 
the Tritons make NCMs, or wiD they be 
left hopelessly on the fringes of the 
tournament? Should they always ICcepI 
being beaten eve'Y ~ar by the top 
teamS, because they never redy F the 
scholarship people they need 10 break 
into the dominance of Division I teams? 
Should they always accepc being stuck 
with a losing seasoo as they constantly 

struggle for an improbable dream? 
To Harper and his team, those are 

ridiculous questions. They ha\'e 
complete confidence in the eventualiry 
of their success. What one must ask is 
what would or has changed to aDow 
them to get bener? 

What has happened is the new pool 
and what 15 happening is the reputation 
and opponunities it is giving the UCSD 
tellJl. First of ai, Harper has had his 
best recruiting ~ar ever, because the 
new pool is an exceDent drawing card. 
This year's freshmen are an exceRent 
group, many of which play varsity. 
Future recruiting looks just IS bright. 
Secondly, highly reputable teams, now 
more than ever, want to play the Tritons 
at UCSD. TraveRina is always 
exhausting. and with a supportive home 
crowd and an off-suard opponent, 
UCSD is much more Iiltely to set that 
biJ upset at home mther than away. So 
into the water polo equadon JOtS the 
new pool. and out comes a much 
improved team in the next few years. 
Even next year's varsity team, which wiB 
only be Josinl one starting senior, wit 
benefit greatly &om the new pool That 
team or a Ialer squad will surely be 
capeb\e of garing Into me NCM 
tournament and gaining the honor of 
being the 6rst Division m tam ever to 
do so. 

WOMEN'S VOLLEYBALL S~ng'ass Sale 
Fabulous Look-Alikes 

THE REMATCHI 

UCSD vs LA VERNE 
No. 1 rated-NCAA Div. III 

SAruRDAY 
. ober 29 at 4 OM 
r t Pavillion 
f lin Gyml 

1982 NCM-Div III CharTllions 

52.50 Gen Admission 
S1.00 Student Admission 

w/J.D. 

$3.99 with this ad 
00 ~ 
Cat Eye • Tear Drop. Square 
Devo. Collapsable. Wayfarer 

Sport & Fashion Styles 
(') 

EXPRESSIONS UNLIMITED ~ 
l030G Torrey Pineo; Rd. ~ 

La Jolla 454-8(06 
(by the Yogurt Affair) Oller ex";r .. JJ.2-83 

, 

WORKSTUDY 
STUDENTS 
WANTED! 

The Library needs student 
employees with work/study! 

Work! study jobs are available in 
the Central Library and all 

branches. Call 452-3063 or come 
in to the Library Personnel Office 

(2nd floor, Central Library). 

Running Thoughts 
By MIKE GREENBERG and JEFF SAVAGE 
WHAT'S GOING ON HERE DEPT. Tomorrow aftemoon's contest between UCSD and 
Colorado College is probably the most critical game in recent years for the Triton 
soccer team. A win would most likely propel Derrick Armstrong's club into the Westem 
Region of the NCAA Division 1\1 toumament. A loss would be detrimental, because at 
least four other westem tearns as weD as a group of eastem clubs are vying for the four 
slots in the playoffs. UCSD is sponing an impressive 12-2-3 record, a tremendous 
improvement from their 7-8-2 mark of a year ago. Most of the credit goes to 
Armstrong, who has molded the young Tritons into a scrappy, gutsy baO dub that 
wears down the opposition by harassing them aO game long. If they don't make an 
appearance this season, with only one senior Armstrong's team should certainly 
represent the school in future playoffs. 

NOT TO BE BEUEVED DEPT. Did anyone catch the game between Hopkins High 
and Kennedy High on the tube Monday night? ABC usuaUy fills the 6-9 pm slot with 
NFL fOOlbal, but this week they decided to treat the viewer to some solid high school 
action. Funny thing was, the two teams suited up in New York Giant and SI. Louis 
Cardinal uniforms. Even the coaches looked like NFL types. But the boring play on the 
field and shaky decisions on the sidelines were enouah to assure us it was indeed 
prep action. Seriously though, maybe we were spoiledby the pinbaD game last Monday 
night (Pack is, Skins i7) and the shootout in DaDas Sunday evening (Raiders 40, 
Cowboys 38), but never before have we been subjected to such an embarassing display 
on the gridiron. This game wasn't even a ho-hummer. By the second quarter the odor 
was seeping through our television sets. By the end of the third quaner the 
Environmental Protection Agency was on its way to the stadium to cilr. the NFL for 
iDepl dumping. We're ralki"l major gatbage heM. By the fourth quarter, viewers were 
stiD tuned in because they either Ca> leU ~eep. (b) left the house to take the kids 
bowling and refused to get near the television to tum it off because of the 
aforementioned odor, or (c) they are hopele~ footbaU diehards who have been 
programmed to consume three hours of footbal on Monday night regardless of how 
bitter the taste may be. Whatever the reason, this entire debacle can be used for a 
footbaD follies highlight film. It's too bad Dandy Don couldn't tum out the lights on 
this one. Grocery SlOre bags were never in such large demand. Embarrassed viewoers 
(which probably means aD viewers) cut out holes and wore the bags over their heads. 
The smart ones didn't cut out holes for the eyes. But wait! What about the crucial 
outcome? Neither of these teams deserved to win this game. Most of the time it 
seemed that neither team wanted to. They played an overtime to try and mercifuDy 
end it. The Cardinals even had the baD at the Giants' two yard line and couldn't score. 
That's right. not even a field goal. Neither team won. It ended in a tie. At least it 
ended. Justice is served! 

WAIT A MINUTE DEPT. Although the women's basketbaU team has been practicing 
for a little over a month, the student body is already getting excited over it. Barely 
missing the playoffs last year,Judy Malone's Tritons look like they will be tasting the 
sweetness of post-season action this time, if they can get their key players on the coun 
at the same time. Already UCSD has been dismande<1 with injuries, resignations and 
academic pitfaUs. Last year's starting guards, Paulette Parker and Brenda Sweatt, will not 
be playing in Triton blue and gold this season, and .not because they graduated. Parker 
transferred to Santa Barbara (where she reportedly has quit the team) while Sweatt 
decided to concentrate on academics. Last year's freshman sensation, Shelly McKeone, 
will not be eligible until early January due to academic dilTicuiry. Starting forward 
Jennifer Gregory has been sidelined with a knee injury and is listed as "questionable" 
to play this year. But If McKeone and Gregory can suit up with the rest of Malone's 
squad, UCSD could have a banner 1983-84 season. 

NEXT QUfSTION PLEASE DEPT. Monday's queSlion: What UCSD athlete went 
undefeated in his four year college career? Answer: UCSD surfer (kneeboarder) BiD 
Lerner (who was pictured opposite the question). Lemer was last year's UCSD Athlete 
of the Year. Today's question: Of the top five active scorers in the NFL today, which 
one is not a place-kicker? 

THERE'S NO WAY IT COULD BE DEPT. One of our running thoughts 
I:orrespondents, who requested anonymity, has discovered something so unbelievable it 
must be true. Former Pittsburgh Steeler great Terry Bradshaw is currently playing for 
the Kansas Jayhawks under an assumed name. Bradshaw, you may recaD, has been 
sidelined for the season due to a sore shoulder. Cliff Stoudt has taken over the Steeler 
offense and led Chuck Noll's team to a surprising 6-2 record. Meanwhile. Bradshaw 
has drifted off into obscuriry, a roll the former AU-Pro is not accustomed to. Apparently 
Bradshaw was ready to join Pittsburgh three weeks ago, but Noll declined stating that 
"we don't want to disrupt the continuity we have created here." A disgruntled 
Bradshaw approached the Kansas coach the week of the USC-Jayhawk game, pleading 
that he be able to direct the offense. The Trojans, a gigantiC 22 point favorite , were 
supposed to roll over Kansas at the Coliseum, but with Bradshaw an the starting lineup, 
the Jayhawks puDed off an upset four point victory. This story is even more complex, 
because it seems that many of the Kansas players knowing who their quarterback 
would be, put large sums of money down in Las Vegas, because they were sure of 
l'Overing the spread. An NCM investigation is pending, and as soon as this is read by 
NFL ollkiills. we're sure that Bradshaw will suffer a worse fate than former OhiO State 
,md &lllllnOrc Colt quartem.wk An Schlister who is I:urrently suspended from pro 
football . 

TEAM OF THE WEEK 
Welcome back to UCSO and welcome to Millertime. Once again 

Miller is proud to present the Miller Intramural T earn of the Week. 
This year the Miller T earn of the Week program will ctimax with the 
Battle of the Miller Teams and an End-of-the-Year Party in the 
spring. More information on this event will be forthcoming. 

The "spirit of UCSO Intramurak" is the main criterion in 
choosing the Miller Team of the Week~Selections will be based on 
team spirit, sportsmanship, fashion, athletic ability, and won-loss 
record - in that order. In other words, a team with an O-for-fall 
quarter record has as good a chance to be the T earn of the Week as 
does a 6 and 0, triple-A team with a plus 68 point differential. So 
good luck to aD 1M teams. 

Floaties 
Coed AA laaertabe Watel'pOlo 

After losing a 13-12 heartbreaker in their opener, Floaties have 
bounced back to win their last two matches, establishing 
themselves as one of the favorites in UCSO's top innertube 
waterpolo league. Last Sunday night, Floaties were able to duck 
everything Banana Cream Pie at the "Y" could throw them, 
winning by a decisive score of 17-10. Led by an intimidating scoring 
trio of Mai, Lord, and Steinorth and the almost impenetrable 
defense of goalie John Stabler, Floaties have their sights set on a 
championship. "But we're taking these chances one at a time," 
remarked Walters, Make that Millertime, Stephanie. 

The individual responsible for all this and all other MilLer, Lite and 
Lowenbrau sponsored events at UCSO is Hans Wiersma, a senior 
in Communications. His official title is Miller Campus 
Representative for UCSO - "Miller Rep- for short. If any 
organization or club is looking for assistance with any promotional 
events, please feel free to contact'Hans at 695-0200 or 453-6746_ 

TEAM OF THE WEEK 
SPONSORED BY 1lIE MIUER BREWING COMPANV 



October 27. 1983 
SPORTS 

" :, • .~;}.~<..... '''-''<fI::,,'X\.,,}: ,.... .. , • \. • • " • t.., , 

IntraIDurals stroke 
I through the weekend 

By KIM HADDAD 
Last week's intramural sponsored All-

Campus Tennis Tourney proved to be a 
smash. With a total of 92 men 
competing. some of the contestants had 
a rather rigorous day of matches on 
Sunday. All contestants played at least 
two matches, and some of the winners 
played up to four or five matches, 
panicular\y in the C&C Division. 

The men's open champion, Mike 
Gates proved to be an enduring and 
solid player. His consistendy accurate 
strokes and quick maneuverability 
enabled him to fend off even the 
hardest hitters. The final match against 

Davi~ Neal was very dose, but 
unfonunately Neal was unable to finish 
the match due to severe cramps. Both 
Neal and Gates were members of last 
years intercoDegiate tennis teams, as 
were their semi-final comenders 
Derevyanik and Nelson. 

Men and women's Triton volleybaU 
coach, Doug Dannevik, displayed his 
well rounded athletic ability as he beat 

au 

Mike Aaherry in the finah, taking the 
men's B Division championship. The 
men's C Division was won by Tony 
Sanchez, and with the absence of any 
Mreal competition" Rena HUlac won the 
women's competition with ease. 

Hooding of ReveUe tennis couns due 
to a sprinkler system malfunction 
created a potential scheduling delay but 
fortunately caused no real problems. 

In 1M fOotbaD, the men's AM League 
provided an exciting battle between 
Rock Pile and Ibambe Wanion. The 
score was 12-12 as the game went into 
overtime. When an overtime occurs in 
1M footbal, a coin is tossed, and the 
winning captain chooses either to begin 
or end a series of eight alternating plays 
- 4 plays per team. The Harambe 
Warriors scrimmaged first, starting off a 
set of defensively sound plays by both 
squads, as neither team was able to 
score until the last play of the set when 
Rock Pile penetrated the defense to the 
end zone, winning by a final sco~ of 
13-12. 

a 

Women's soccer 

Athlete 
of the 
Week 

Erin Aafedt 

Aafedt came to UCSD last year as a f~shman and stepped in to the staning 
goalkecping position only to suITer a broken nose early in the season. She played out 
the rest of the year in field positions but is back to tending the goal this year. Afthough 
the soccer team Is struggling through a 4-8-3 season thus far. this does not ~lIcct 
Aafedt's performance as she has alowed only 1.73 goals per game. For Erin, the '83 
season staned much like the previous one as she sulTered a concussion against UCLA. 
She bounced back ten days lattr to hold Cal Poly Pomona scoreless, and foUowed that 
elTon with another shutout, this time against Fresno State. Against the Division I San 
Diego State Aztecs early last week. AafOOt aBowed a single goal through 110 minutes of 
play including twO ovenimes. Last weekend she repeated the feat against UC Irvine in 
a 1-0 Triton loss, and on Monday turned in still another sterling peformance against 
the Aztecs in another 1-0 Triton loss. 

ExtreDlisDl 
continued from 5 

Sin Diego 'Jlck Murphy Slldlum~~ 
NOV. 5th, 8 p.m. 

Facts are watered down with unrelated 
data (0 flood readers with slanted 
information . Analoglcs and metaphors 
are used as if they were facts . The 
domino effect has been used to create 
wars, not understand them. 

ONE NITE ONLY 
BIGGEST JUMPS IN SAN DIEGO HISTORY 

• WORLD SUPERCROSS 1983 FINAL RACE 
diet Coke Trans-Cal Series 

• AMERICAN VS. WORLD PROS 
• Renault/Jeep Pit Viewing Pass 

3:00 to 6:00 p.m. 
• diet Coke Early Entry 

4:00 p.m. 
• Bicycle Motocross 

Race 11 a.m. - 4 p.m. 
FREE For Spectators 

• Regular Gates Open 
6:00 p.m. Racing 
8:00 to 11:00 p. m. 

TICKETS as low as $600 AT 
• Teleseat 
• Ticketron 

• Super Shops 
• Mad Jacks 

• Chargellne 
(619) 283-SEAT 
(619) 231-3554 
(213) 410-1082 

SPECIAL STADIUM SWAP MEET 
Free Admission to Nov. 5th Stadium Swap Meet with Supercro .. Ticket 
AMATEUR EVENT. NOV 6th. SUNDAY. 830-751 

Wearers of magnifying glasses can be 
found in every organization on campus, 
be they left wing, right wing. humorous, 
religious, nationalist or middle of Ihe 
road publications; fraternal clubs; 
student governments; religious groups; 
or the departments themselves. 

Magmfiers are highly respected for 
their committment. But their main flaw 
is the belief that they possess the one 
and only solution to aU our problems. If 
we disarm all nuclear weapons, there 
would be no more war. If we accepted 
all the president's policies, America 
would become number one in the world . 
If we lOOk Christ into our hearts, all the 
work! would be at peace. 

The frightening reality is that these 
righteouS extremists insist on a tolal 
worldwide conversion to their cause. 
Seeking a unanimous result, they ell her 
conven their opponents or eliminate 
them. It is not uncommon for an 

ext~mist to convcn from hale to love of 
the opponent's viewpoims and embrace 
the ~enemy" as their "savior. For 
extremists driven by the fight , not the 
ristu, or a cause. They seek a 
unanimous result either by conversion 
or elimination. The world is filled with 
the dead bodies of those who "refused 

. to understand or accept policies that 
will improve their lives." 

Through moderation, you can sec the 
weaknesses caused by extremism. Those 
who stand on their tlptocs shouting are 
nOl steady. To tak~ mighty slrides will 
limn how far you can walk . Those who 
are self-righleous arc not respected . 
They often boast of great deeds and 
have little time to <Khievc more . Takmg 
pride in themselves. they do not see a 
nel"d for further Improvement 

Like uSing isometrK'S 10 develop the 
body. model".llc resistance 10 both Sides 
of an Issue devclops both tolerance and. 
Slrength of Ihe mind , spirit. and social 
self. 

Yeats summarized the value of 
modcr-Jllon; "All empty souls (end to 
extreme opimon. It is only in those who 
ha\"e bUilt up a rich world of memories 
and habits of thoughl Ihat extreme 
opi mons <ll1ront the sense of probablhry. 
Propositions. for ins[;mcc. whll'h sct all 
the truth upon on\.' Side can only cnter 
ru:h minds (0 dl!>lm:ate and strain . If 
Ihe)' l ',1n (Iller Jl .,I\. and sooner or later 
the IIllnd npd~ the III h)' Inslinu." 

WANTED 
CMRSEAS X)8S - SUn".., 1 year round. &.ope. S. 
MWI .. AuItIaIa. HIa. AI Fields. 5eQO.S1200 rnonthlV. 
SighI ..... 1g. ~ Info. WIlle 1JC 8ac 52 - CA - 19 
Corona 0.1 Mar. CA 92625. (10/27) 
Wanlect lOb ~ S6.57/tv 15-19tv/ .... HeIp-' 
up ..-menIIln putmonay dMIIon at UnI'.w1lly 
Help. St\ouId be a good -ch .... 1Ce. PI.-
~nIor/1CIPh In bIoIogv/bIoeng. Start NW>. Call Don 

~(fO/27) 
Wonlect BondI tor R8IIeIIe Battle ~ the Bondi. A 
demo ~OI oudtton II required. PIeoIe call DavId 
at ~19 alter 5:30 pm 01 .,.... ~ w/ 
YOIondo Gorda at R8IIeIIe I'IcwIt 0ftIce. (11/3) 
TlOlliPOltalloil 110m ~ 0- and 00f 
...,... ateo. o.p.olel Cot! ~ W you can atIet 

~ 00f 01 aI. YIIonne 268-9502, (10/27) 

FOR SALE 

Ralph t.ao.Men Polo. N~CUL other great 
flOITt8I. Man', IUItI. jackets. ihlrtl. Ibc. tiel worn 

~ - 10 III yours cheap. All current i/yIeI &. 8IIC 
cor dtIor I 0* 200 IUIh and jackets. Call tor IIiZ8I &. 
prICa 459-5232. (10/27) 
l<awalakl KD175 81 street legal. good c:ondIIIon. 
IIttte rriIeoge. Contact Bob Fimell 276-<l36 7 01 295-
0147. L8QI8 meaoge. (10131) 
Wetlull Cuit. OneIl wm sz10 WIn Iwk:e S115. AnI 
nIshIId 1~ tliand r$N $230. Sanaa 7~. 
(10/27) 
60 G/IUOJI,Y 500 S400 "s.y". r$N trons.. r$N tires. Coli 
8ob453-1997. (11/3) 

British Cars 
Jaguar, MG, Triumph 
. Service 

Spons Car Accessories 
Tops. Car Covers. etc. 

PacifIC International Auto 
1118 Garnet Ave 
in PaclrlC Buch 

274-1920 

Introductory Special 
. witlt tlti. l1li ONly 

12 Haircuts 
... "" for students 

with select. hairstylists 
r~larly Stl (women), $19 (men) 

Nails 
3<'/1'/1'"1'1.'(1 Nlli'~, reg. $40, 11011' $2S 

Fill.~ , reJ(. $20. HOH' $1 S 
Mtlllinrl'tf1;. reg. $7, I/OU' $S 
I Mi..""""', I'll(. $/(j, HOI" $12 
Jlllici/e Wrltp, I'II/l. $14, I/OU' $12 

1l95Q Viii" LtI )1111" I),.. 
S"it~ 1122 

LtI )o,t., ClI. 920:17 
Off" rx/li,.. 11 / 2 / Il:J 

HOUSING 
Roommate needed; UTC Ar.u S235/mo. own room 
IJ8(It deat readv noN - contact S'-. Rick 01 CeIy 
457~ (10/31) 

SERVICES 
1YPING - Fast. accurate. hI\1l quality. IOI'ne dar 
IeIVIce fer under 5 pCJg8i work. Near UCSO. Cotl Fay 
at tel. 452-1393. (10/27) 
lHNAIIITED HAIR REMCNEO PERMANENllY near 
ClOI1'll'A La JoIo F'ldiliiollal Cen ..... ~ VIla La 
JoIo Dr. SuIte 116Q.C Call for appt 453-70«), (6/7) 
SIor Wordi tp1g and woo proceatng. 9580 Bk. 
Mtr\ Rd. StoG. T~ papen. n-All typIng~. 
578--4041. (10/31) 
1YPING - Term papen. rnariuIatpq. ~ IBM 
CUrr. SeIec. ReaionabIe rat .. Jane 0Ids. 455-0127. 
(11/10) 
Improw gradeII Wrtte/type term papen. ttleIIi. Ao 
SamueIi ~1S68. Ten yr. ~ (11/10) 
EJocepttonal typing - all kIndI. Super IBM II. 
Corrections. spelling. neart1(. fait service. 450-1138 
(12/1) 
Term papers - th.- - ~ations. Low rate&. last 
service. Pro-Type. 454-6860. Lo JoHa. (6/7) 
FaIt. eocpertenc:ed typist. Student &. p.a papeII. Corrp:oIItIon/ editing. Near campus 45£HJ732 _ . 
Helen. (12/1) 
TYPING - Foculty/Students. Quality wonc. 
ReasonobIe rat .. Tapel olio. Sandtt'. 459-5818. 
(12/') 
TRAFFIC ClASSES. Court ApprOlied. Soturdays. 

Sundayl. EvenIngs. Held at Unfvelllty Towne Center. 
Mluion Valtev and La Mesa. Regllhatlon 565-1767. 
(10/31 ) 
PREGNANT? Chooee alternatives 10 abortion. San 
DIegO Pro-life League Hotline: 583-5433.941-1515. 
(10/31) 

PERSONALS 
P\.mpIdn IOIe at ReIIeIIe Plaza Oct. 27&28. Don'I mill 
" ... Happy HatIOweer\l (10/27) 

HaI~ CClIturnM. Create yo.JI own unique 
cor.ume from 04lIl large selection ~ wIgI. hats and 
old ctotNng. ThrWI VIllage. 701 I Lindo \IIIta Rd. SO; 
750 12th. SO; 7875 8rocJdwav. Lamon GroJe; 300 W. 
MaIn. B Cojon. (10/27) 
,.. bandllntereeted In ptavlng the R1MIIte IIatIIe ~ 
the BondI ~ oontact David at 5e().OI19 otter 
5:30 pm 01 IeaIIe ~ w/ YOIondo at ReYalte 
PIovoIt 0IIIce. (10/27) 
/IvYfOOe Inlertelted In IIIsIIIng the UnMIrsIty ~ ~ 
Collfornla In Erwenado on Nc:MImber 5tt1 should 
contact the ReIIeIIe Dean's 0IIIce at 452-3493. We 
will go by b.JS and vIaIt IhIW labs and meet IOITIIt ~ 
IhIW IIudantI and faculty, SponiOlled by me ReYalte 
Thid World AIIianoe. (10/31) 
Unus Isn·t wailing tOl the Greot Pu~1n. He's going 
10 the Pul'lllkin IOIe at R8II8Ite Plaza Oct. 2}&28. 
(10/27) 
GlRlSI TAA Fraternity epsilon class presents 

C~ ~ at campus club med FrI Nov. 
11 T\NO profeuIonaI shc:7Ns 8pm and , 1 pm Free 
bel;8IOQ8I tk:I<eIs 56 sold c1 ptaza .. .50 keep FrI. Nov. 
11 CJPer'. II's 0 night you won't want 10 mils. (11/10) 
Sleffano M. - IIM:lUId really like to get to know you 
better. How about meeting me In the Pub FrIdoy at 
4pm. I'll ......ear a led canatlon. (10/27) 
Hoppv Birthday Hiltory111 YOAJ' .. a Qi80I pledge and a 
terriftc Silterl LOIIe. ,6Ott. (10/27) 
Jerrv. ThIs Is III Happy 1 st Ann'-taly ... l.cM!. Judy. 

914 • VW • BMW. AUDI ~II"V""" 
German Car Specialists 

All work fully guaranteed. Factory-trained Specialist 
Mon. - Fri. 8 am • 5:30 pm; Sat. 8 am • 5 pm 

(619) 454·7823- 4630 Mission Bay Drive 
(619) 454·3705 (1-5 to Balboa Exit) 
(619) 275·1132 San Diego, CA. 92109 
------------------~-----------------

UCSDSPECIAi I 100/0 OFF 
4 cyl Tune-Up $45 I on all other repairs 
6 cyl Tune-Up $65 I (except for Motor and 

(Not valid with any other coupon) I Transmission Overhaul) With This Coupon I (Nol valid wilh any olher coupon) 
I With This (AJupon 

"",,.......NtI'rNW Oil ... good " .. til Novmtbn 10, 1983. NtlW'W"""'~ 

HI 

(10/27) 
AJeo( 01 &Nero. this Is vas big sis talkln' to you and 
making SUle yuou are going to haIIe one hell at 0 
veal Congra!1 on maIdng ~ thus tor - _ you Sat 
night? (10727) 
daIIe tlJlllOr - you're mv king ~ pain and vou ..... got 
me wrapped oround VOOJ finger I'll be watching U-
1Yb. (10/27) 
There VIOl 0 young man 110m UC San Diego. Who 
\OoOOIed ~work 01 god school he may go. But 
!hen WOIMJ came along. Nod he couIdn·t go 
wrong. The right direction to toke W did show. (10/27) 

TRAVEL 
MMAMoTH MOUNTAI'i SIO TRF. Jan. 1~ S165. San 
~. MeJdoo. Dec 9-11 . S105. Gel "'-:lv-Tours 275-
3O.nc370. (12/1) 
Son Felipe ~21'l daVS&. 2 nights beach front room. 
2 meaII. bilingual guide &. round tIIp tronll)Oltatlon. 
$60. Coillarv 450'-3410. (10/24) 

LOST Be FOUND 
Loll: 3'xS' flIOV lable w/mlssing cen~31 drawer. 
Removed from In II'ont ~ GroundNork Books _ ~ 
10/2. Arr-I Into. calt Grounct./ork Books. 452-9625. 
(10127) 
Attention Emergency PKvom Participants - We 
stili have ~I artlde& ttlI _e \ell 0IIeI the 
surrmer ond how not been claimed. PIeaM 
contact ihe oII-=mpu.! hOusIng ofIIce at x3670. 
(10131) 
Lost n 58C Colculator in HlAud 10/24 9am ~ found 
please call 563-9271 01 IeoI!e with campus polICe. 
(11/3) 

H~1IIIIe1 
Make written assignments 
professional and error free with 
our \NOrd processing and letter 
quality printer. 
IBM. Apples & CatllrllOCloN 
Equipment. S4/hour (& up/ in ~ 
hour segments. "nI time ~ 
discount wIIIIltUdenI '.Do 
Informal advice or formal classes. 

Next to Ralpt1·s & alJl:m!lellrrty Hills ~. 
.... __ 453-7415--.. 

~apeIHl?IO· ~ .~\Ui.:, 
For shoes that are fun, 

Sophisticated, 
Unpredictable, Exciting, 

And as unique as you are. 
Just remember the magic word: 

HURRAH roll down boot black 
taupe or purple 
$51 

CAPEZIO! 
Come see our newest arrivals. 

Shoes for theatre people. 
Fashion people. 

And people people. 
Uke youl 

capezio 
University Towne Centre 
4485 La Jolla Village Dr, 

453-3402 

TREAT. off white, sand, black 
or pink suede leather 
$38 

WHIZ, black. white or red 
leather 
S36 

Studcrlts , Faculty, Staff show us your UCSD 1.0 . card and rcccivc a FREE CAPEZIO canvas tote bag 
with any shoe purchase. Quantities limited. One per customer. 



Budweiser's Kick for 
the Olympics 

Budwei er i hosting a field goal 
kicking contes t for a fund rai er for 
our Oly mpic team. The winne~ will 
receive an all·expense paid vacation 
for two to the Pro Bowl football game 
in HAWAII. Thefinalsoftheevent will 
be featured at halftime of the San 
Diego Charger-Los Angeles Raider 
game with each participant receiving a 
free ticket to the game. Each 
participant will receive a free T - hirt 
for the $10.00 entry fee . The 
preliminary event will be held 
November 5th at UCSD. The event 
will be held at 4:00 for women and at 
6:00 for men. For further information 
contact t he Campu Recreation office. 

• 

OR ALL YOU DO ... THI~ 
BUD PAGE IS FOR YOU! 

1M Volleyball 
Mid· Year Report 

We don' t know how he did it or why 
he cares for that matter, but Pete 
Rozelle has s tarted to weave his magic 
voodoo on UCSD Intramurals this 
year. Parity ... parity ... parity ... Uncle 
Pete's pet concept is running amok 
this season in 1M Volleyball of all 
places. Why he gives a hoot about 
volleyball is beyond us, but the facts 
are clear. With only three weeks gone 
in the 1983 campaign , there are less 
than a handful (4) of undefeated teams 
left . Usually at thi juncture the 1M 
Domination trip is in full fotce with 
the beteran biggies beating up on all of 
the has-beens. Not so in '83. It seems 
that everyone can beat everyone on 
any given night . Here's an up-ta-date 
report on Men ' and Women 's action 
so far. 

Men's Open 
1. Balboa Club (8-1) 
2. AI's Eye (5-4) 
3. Siamboland (3-3) 
4. Megacrushers (4-5) 
5. Killer Koalas (2-4) 

Men'8AA 
1. Ultimate Momes (8-1) 
2. Muff the Tragic Faaot (7-2) 
3. Monaghan's RIP (9-0) 
4'. Members (8-1) 
5. Wahoo, Wahoo (7-2) 

Men's A 
1. BegahraClegan (9-0) 
2. Balls Out (5·1) 
3. Return of the L Team (7-2) 
4. The Aints (2-1) 
5. Long and Liquid (7-2) 

Women's AA 
1. Bump Set Anonymous (8-1) 
2. Nothing Is Impossible (&0) 

Last season's defending champs are out and 
running well, but this division has a long way to 
go. Snyder, Henderson, and Kotas all his with 
the best of them, but their lack of a big block 
may undo them in the money games. 

Momes startling 15-8, 15-5,8-11 upset over the 
defending champion Fagots tftrows the race 
for AA supremacy into all kinds of helter· 
skelter. Last year's "A" champions, the 
Members, are moving up in class rather nicely 
so far with an 8-1 mark. 

Kavosh Dehpanah's Indian spikers have been 
flawless so far with only one close callout of 
nine. Balls Out a solid team in Sprina 01'83 . 
could be the sleeper in this bunch. They played 
"A" champion, Members, tough in the play-offS 
last time out. . 

3. Spankys (8-1) 
4. Meaningless Sets (&3) 1M Football Notes 

This division sbould be a wide-open shoot-out 
come play-off time in late November. Any of the 
current top four alolli with latecomer Take A 
Hit should be solid contenders. Linda Fradkin 
has her Spanky's gangrady for the game of the 
year next week when her spikers tanp with 
top-rated Bump Set Anonymous. Thi Friday at 4:00 on Pryatel north 

field (what 's left of it after the 
bulldozers finish) will be an early 
season big match up oft he number 1 & 
2 rated teams in men 's AA. Butt State 
vs. Lewd Sexual Conduct. It 's 
Nebra ka v . Texas. It should be quite 
a showdown. Butt State' power vs. 
LSC ' QU iche offense. Look for t he 'real 
men' to come out victorious. Butt 

tate. 
There are some ot her game of 

in terest thi week end between 
undefeated team. In the men' M 
divis ion No.7 rated Maybe Thi year 
plays unranked andy and tre 
Baggers. ] n Coed No. 4 rated The Bum 
play No.7 rated The Dirt , No.2 rated 
4th and lnche plays unranked B-
Building Bomber and No.9 rated The 
E tate plays the unrated Nads. Go 
Nads. 

The hard luck team in IMs so far 
thi year hastobe themen 's AM team 
the Tekes. They are 1·2 right now but 
could easi ly be 3-0. They had a third 
down and one yard to go against No. I 
and undefeated York Hunt Club. IS 
econds to score from one yard out and 

ending t he Club' 10 game winning 
st reak and down by only a point. The 
third down pas fell incomplete. Now it 
wa down to the la t down. The Teke's 
receiver makes a fantast ic catch on the 
last play only to drop the ball a he hit 
the ground. It wa not to be for the 
Teke as they lo ·t 14-13. Their other 
10 s wa ' even worse. With very little 
time remaining on th clock and the 
Tekes up by a point the cripps 
'ea men were driving for a last second 

score. But a brilliant interception by 
Bob Armell in th end lone seemed to 
se\v up the game for the Tekes. ot 

1M Football Ratings 
(as of 10·23) . 

Men 's AAA 
1. York lIun t Club (3·0) 
2. PWP (2·0) 
3. The Blue Ludt's (1 · 1) 
4. Debauchery (2-1) 
5. 'cripps (2·)) 

Men 's AA 
I . Bult ' tatc (3-0) 
2. LSC (~3-0) 
3. No ext Year (3·0) 
t The Freshmen Conncllion (]·U) 
J. Those (,uys (]-O) 
6. Homer h('ads (:$ 0) 
7. Ma~ be This Year !1 0) 
X. HlgHI!. (21) 
9. ~udc B()\ ... (2·1 ) 
10. The /I am pst ers 12· I) 

Quite. Bob decided to pitch the ball for 
orne extra yard to a teammate. Bob 

must have forgot which team he was 
on. He pitched the baH to a surprised 
Scripps player for the winning 
touchdown. Not that's a tough way to 
lose. We are checking to see if Bob has 
any association with Art Schlicter's 
bookies. 
. The Highest scoring team inthe IMs 

i 4th and Inches with 118 points. 
They are averaging 39.3 points per 
game ... Stingiest defense in 1M 
belongs to four different teams. Maybe 
This Year , Beer Me III, The Estate 
and, if you can believe it, 4th and 
Inches. None of the e teams has yet to 
allow a point thi year. I guess we 
s hould give 4th and Inches the 
champion hip now based on these 
tati tic ... The most pirited team in 

IMs ha to be No Next Year. These 
guys get so fired up for their games 
that it makes Notre Dame and win one 
for the gipper look like child's play. 
Their enthusiasm is worth at least 14 
points a game .. . The reverse 
sandbagging award of this quarter 
must go to What's a Touchdown. They 
were runners-up in last year's men'sA 
championship game. They should 
have moved up to AA but decided to 
sneak b~ck in to A by changing their 
name. They hoped to win the A title 
thi year. Well it sure backfired on 
them. They are 0-3 at this point of the 
season and have scored 19 points and 
given up 64 points . You guys should 
have tried AA. You might have won a 
game by now ... Night football has 
proven to be very popular and the 
parti ci pants rate the light as 
excell ent. Br ing on Howard , Dandy 
Don a nd Frank. 

Men 's A 
I. ~idgemonl (2-0) 
2. Eldo's Orchid Pumpinis (2-0) 
:3. The Harshers (3·()) 
1. F('rt ilizers (:HJ) 
5. Locab Only 13-0) 
6. 6gers C~ · O) 
7. Beer Me III (3-0) 
H. ))on't Worry About It (3·0) 
9. 6 Year Plan (2-0) 
10. ~olk>d Tacos ( I -()) 
Coed 
I. ~eturn of thc Better Hands (:3·0) 
2.lth and Inch's (3·0) 
:t Bad Knec. nO) 
t Thc HUIll"- (20) 
J. J lot Fudge (3·m 
6. :; Year PI an (2 Il) 
7. Thl' Dirt ctO) 
K ( ,ang Taddt'r" (2·()) 
9. Tlw E.,tatc 12 0) 
10 i\ .S. '\11 Star., (20) 

5. Wharfrats (5-4) 

Women'. A 
1. Nice Set (9-0) 
2. Volley Girls (7·2) 
3. Special K's (5-4) 
4. Bumpettes (4-2) 
5. Slow Fat Chicks (4-5) 

Terry Rinoon has her Nice Setters playing well 
in the early going, but true identities wiH mme 
to the forefront in early NO¥eIil1er when DebbIe 
Crain's Volley Girls mme to town. WI .... ,,_ 
wins that crucial match should be in 
driver's seat for the No. 1 seed in the. 

C~hip pla.v-offs. 

The Micheloli Drinker's nm: 
There lire M lchelob drinkers y,ho mourn the 

ras<;ing of the final drop. And those who relish 
tho iinticip;jtion of orHoying t/",olr next Michclob. 

But whother the bottle is full or hold~ only a 
'inill drop. Michclob drlllkcrs know . 
Some things speak. for themselves. 



M ~ Magazine ServIng the UCSD 
. . 

Vol. 4, No. 5 Oct. 27, 1983. 

''I'd rather haft someone look at one of 
my works and Sly 'I hate It' than nat get 

any ractlon at all," .ys Los Angeles 
painter LarI Pltbnan, "At least It's an 

opinion, and that mans some thought 
went Into forming that opinion," 

Pittman Is one of ftve young artists 
currently showing their works In the 

Mandeville Art aallery through Sunday. All 
ftve artists were awarded an MrA (Master 
of rlne Arts) between 1976 and 1{~2. All 
are based In the Los Angeles area and aU 

have fresh and new Ideas to r~)ntrlbute, 
but have very different styles and 

purposes. 
What unltles Young Amerlam Artists II: 

Paintings and Painted W.II Raiefs Is an 
attitude, a general lack of pretense, that 

sets this show apart from many of Its 
kind. As Pittman's statement reflects, the 

artists are not unduly concerned with 
whether people like or appreciate or 

"understand" their artwork. but rather 
with whether viewers take the time to 

think about what they are seeing. 
Of course, all of the artists would prefer 

to hear "I like It" rather than "I hate It," 
but even If the ractlon Is not 

overwhelmingly positive, these artists do 
not, get upset with themselves or, worse 

yet. blame the viewer. They are willing to 
experiment and even make ...... changes 

In style. The result Is a likeable and varied 
exhibition of emerging talent Including 

paintings by naomi IIrtus and Larl 
Pittman and painted wall reliefs by 

Michael farber, Janet 11Iolen and Olen 
Rubsamen, 

Die 
Artist 
as a 

Young 
American 

By RONA HU 

The paintings by Pittman are collages 
of real and abstract ~ts, rich 
wallpaper textures and scribbles of paint. 
The titles center around the theme of 
medicine and Illness: they Include 
"Maladies and Treatments," "From Venom 
to Serum" and "In Search of a Cure." 
Personal, cryptic symbols abound, the 
most often used of which are pod-like 
shapes, which can become objects, like 
e)a and capsules, or openings, like 
wounds or tealS In the canvas. 

In "Maladies and Treabnents," the pods 
become time capsules, spewing out 

I hieroglyphics on a mysterious background 
of bright colors. Hock openings In the 
painting reveal levels and layus of 
textures. "In Search of a Cure" Is 
populated by branches, birdlike creatures 
and what appealS to be a nest, while 
"From Venom to Serum" Is concerned 
with the transformation of evil Into good: 
here the pod shape Is Incorporated Into an 
aBHtment of strange vessels. 

"Hibernating" shows two canvases, the 
bottom one containing a lifeless and dark 
pod, the top one with a boat-shaped 
planter In which something has come to 
life and Is blO9ftllng. The cork and 
metallic background gives the Impression 
that this painting mlght.be the remains of 
an ancient civilization. 

Janet Tholen's wall reliefs are realistic 
but no less personal and mysterious. She 
uses small pieces of cardboard to 
laboriously construct huge temples and 
ruins and then paints them In rich, deep 
pia_ tun to page l 



I The Magazine of the '80s 
ootor 

Al'lDRtW Kf[L[R 
AIIodIte Arts [ditor 

JOHN N[[ 
Writen 

, 

!'tIKI: AHN, JAN BR[S· 
1.\lJ[R. CHRlSTOfH[R CAI'IOIL. 
JOAN roRS81RG. ROM HU. !'tS. 
Hum (Gardening). PAUL !'t. 
JONrs. CLYD[N[ N[[ 

[ditoriaI4U·l466 
Aclwertislng 45 2-3468 
ftlil(U~ I~ published tvery 
Thur~ay of the school year as a 
~u pplement to the UCSD 
GUAlI>IArt. Reproduction or ~ 
without wrillen permission or any 
portion of this nwgazine is a 00-
no. We welcome unsolicited 
leiters. nwnuscripls and lIrtwOrk. 
but IMUmt no rrsponsibUity for 
tht !flurn of such. ' Send 
information to; 

ftlATUS 
8-{j' 6. I..iI Jolla 

Ca .. 9209~ 

""~ tholl, the fat.t . Jack' 

Contents 
Cover: The Mandeville Art 
Gallery is currently displaying 
Young American Artists II: 
Paintings And Painted Wall 
Reliefs. The exhibit focuses on 
the newest talent In the art world 
today and Is one of the ftrst of Its 
kind to be held In Southern 
california. 

/IIovies ................ page 5 
Merry Christmas. M, Lawrence. 

Zelig and Kogaanisqatsi were all 
released recently and are playing at 
local theaters. Ifiatus takes a look 
at these three f1lms and gives the 
whole picture. 

Opera ................ page 6 
The San Diego Opera has 

produced by far Its best season In 
many years, The SDO's latest 
production Cinderella is no 
exception. The opera company 
takes the classic fairy tale and turns 
It into an amusing combination of 
excellent staging and very strong 
performance. 

Contert Uae page 4 
Assorted Vinyl Report page 4 

GoIngs On page 7 

UCSD University Events presents 

ON 10lJI RJR THE 
JOHN F. ICEJIiI'IEIlIr CENTER 

THE CRADLE 
WILL ROCK 

The celebrated re·sta~g of the legendary "labor opera" 
originally presented by the WPA Federal Project Oohn 
Houseman, Orson Wells, Howard de Silva, Jean Rosenthal) in 

defiance off-ederal authorities, one hot June night in 1937. 

personal appearance by 
John Houseman 

November 9, Wednesday, 8:00 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 

UCSD Stu, $6,00. GA $12.00 
UCSD Fac/Staff, Sr, & other Stu. $9.00 

TIcketron at UCSD Box Office: 452-4559 

2 nliltus October 27, 1983 

Poeb-y from a 'l'Iad 'Dog' 
UCSO's new Wrftm SaIa c:oatbIues tbls week db WInda 

Coleman. a poet who IllS bom and I'IJaed In WItts In 1.01 Angeles. 
CoIeman's work can be best delcrlbedua blues Iyrk: form. Her poetry 
emboclles the struggles IIICI hanllhlpl of blacks In Amatca. TIleR Is 
deftnltely a way bini edge In her wrItI .... ddaIUng her need to speak 
out about our 1OdetJ. about jlllil. IboIIt pi ..... Mel wIIora and 
junldes. All of tbJa Is pm of our lha. IIId WIDda Coleman wanD "to 
maR -.e Il0l&'' 

Colemla's poetry Is nat prdt)'.1t IIIIfIIJ poetry about. ugly warld. 
DIe MlI'Id tIIat Ihe sea II ODe of vIoIeik:e. wItb whJta prqtng 011 
blacks, lien 0Il1l'Olllal. WOIIIal 011 men. IIa poeby aala II'edng 
more tbIn u opinion with what .. II .,.. 

WIncIa CoIaDan wiD gIR. a radbIg ...... y In tile RftdIe 
ImiMl IDunge at 400 pm. Par IIlCft Int'cIration CIII 452~7ee. 

5 plays for the price of 41 
Students pay as little as $17.00-

only $3.40 a play! 

.. 

Our Town 
Love's Labour's Lost 

Venice Preserved 
The Playboy of the Western World 

Greek 
Selection in Progress 

Mandell Weiss Center for the Performing Arts 
and the UCSD Theatre 

Call the UCSD Department of Drama at 452-3793 or 
visit the Promotions Office, HL Room 3451 for a 

copy of your Dramatic Difference brochure! 

'IHE DRAMATIC 
DIFFERFNCE 

. 

Tbe Artist as a Young American 
co.dalled fro. page 1 
tones of a stngle color, The 

buildings are all set against a 
night sky. givtng than a vaguely 
dreamlike quality (more than 
one gallery visitor has 
commented that he or she has 
seen buildings Uke tIIIt In 
drams), 

Alth'ollgh Inspired by 
11IoIen's)UIS In MeIko. none 
of the works deplcb u IduaI 
ruin. "WIll" Is the lint work In . 
the aeries: a ~tlng pattern In ~1Iif.!V 

particularly wordy and 
Involved: It contains the artist's 
own name and "pretentiously 
artistic," "Influence of hashish:' 
"above this" and "artificial 
Insemination." farber Is clearly 
not one to take himself too 
seriously. 

bl .... y against which a small 
ladder is leaning, The ladder 
reappt.a1S In "ObserYatory." thll 
time u a constellation In the 
sky (nolen says she Is 
laadnated by the fact that 
COIIItellations art different In 
cUA'erent countries eva though 
they II! made up of the same 
stirs,) 1'IIere alt more of the 
SIDle rhinestone stalS In "Tomb 
Room" and "nlghtwalk,"whJch 
keeps both works. one showing Uri flt""""s "/It !latrh of. CUm" Is OM of nunlJ worts cunmUIl on """11.' UCSO', flfMtdeflllle CiMlery. 
a dark window IIICI the other a 

In marked contrast to the 
commerdal clutter ~ !'arber's 
pieces art the ' simple. almost 
naive paintings of naomi 
Bartus, rrlendly animals 
populate a world _of pastel 
foliage and Inte... Rousseau-
Uke colors. "Leaving Paradise" 
shows snakes among rich 
flowers and leaves as well as the 
hindquarters of a white cat. A 
large. untitled piece resembles 
a coat of anns. with red plastic 
sheep and pigs, white fences and 
a calico floral background. 
"Chicken Table" also reflects 
the artlst·s rural background, 
with a blue egg surrounded by 
green feathers. red and green 
plastic chickens and lace paper 
doilies. '1be Versatile fanner's 
Wife" Is partlculady humorous. 
showing pink woman's legs' In 
hlglt-heels and a pig, (Bartus 
comments. "Women In high· 
heeled shoes always remind me 
of pig's feet") All of Bartus' 
paintings alt simple and 
childlike and lllatfort way 
dtarrnfng. 

palll bebRen the rulM. from green and complete with sip 
looking too ominous or of war and tear, 
haunting, The most recent Then there Is "Charlemagne," 
works. "Turquoise" and a ,.ellow and brown stulptult 
'1emple." are ~qulsitely done. raembllng the front of a 
.... ve and Imposing, yet submarine or ship Intruding 
Intdcatdy detaJlecI, WUhed In sewnl JlMs into the gallery, 
sIIIcIes of teal or bronze. RI·" ... "'..... lid ThoIen's best wens II! botII ... ·lIen uses 1"-

wood, but the painted sur1Ka 
IIIiIPIftd and Insplrtag. and nuta and bolts look 

I 11IoIen's wall reliefs. remarkably like metal, 
Impratlwt In their slae and . RIIb ....... ·s worIIs • nat 
welghtt-. then RubIImen's cluttered by preconcelYed 
WIll lCuIpbfts lit . poIftIftIy notio II. Tbe y tan be 
monstrous. Thea mllitary- tluatal, to thcJI£ who ftad 
IoaIdng pteca jut Old of the military mages protru4'ag 
.. ,.·f., ......... t.ro..... walls InberentlJ 
Into tile gJIIIaJ, IIId tile elllect II tJuat:aIIDg, or l'rIeIIdIy ... 
striking. "£1 Friede," for almost playful, like glial, 
... ' appem to be part of a brightly colored toys. 
taill, PI1*d I bright cnnge- 11Ie work by Plchlell'arber Is 
red, "Bo-bo" might be the back almost compleRly opposite. 
of a train. pafntecllnstltutfonal 1bough brightly colored. like 

Rubsamen·ssculptures. they. 
smaller and alt quite literally 
duttered with preconceived 
notions. l'Irber's wallltlids art 
collages made of tiny dolls, 
toys. cereal bOll prizes. 
dectronlc parts, plutk CJIiects 
of all kinds, magulne cut~ 
andlUdom ..... 

0Vtr all, they appear to be 
tiny junkJInIs of commercial 
debris. ud one IeMeS that the 
artist had a good time 
..... 1bI.ng 1heIII, ror eampIe. 
"UIlltft:Ied '60" jumpmes a 
COIIIy picture of a I11III nelling 
with tile ..... "Staength,'· 11Ie 
words "uascented mall pads" 
appar nut to a tiny portraft of 
Prtnc:est DIana, And phrases 
such u ''turkish baths." "paint 
millJng," "petroleum products" 
and "mice or guinea pig 

COPY COVE 
. GlIAl Jolla 

i5'- DISCOUNT with this ad • 
UCSD ID. unIIl i0-3i-83. ' 

Speclall ... In IMIII ,.oc:tuctIon. 

raising" litter the -rest of the 
piece. 

All of Farber's works art left 
untitled but numbered. Thus 
one can see the progre.Ion 
from earlier to later works 
"'1.3," done In 1979.lsftatand 
has IN words ("How to Prtnt" 
and "738") and Images such as 
MIckey Nouse with his tall 
lopped off, "'50" Is supported 
by doll Jest and anns and 
ContaJM "Art," "Jewelry." "TV:' 

"~.' aIId "M," 
Then "'57." with "213," 

"artless." "Central Park," 
"Thanks," "Buy," ".KllUal," 
"Detroit," . 'TrIethanolamine" 
and "magazines." "'58" 
contributes such catch words as 
"plastic." "tacos." 'The Bible:' 
"stud," "1WA" and "Why Try." 
"#60:' farber's latest. is 

Brent Riggs Is the guest 
curator for IIIIs exhibition and 
should be COIllllleDlled fer 
bringing together a q .. llty 
show, 

Young A1neriCln AItLtts Is 
showing at the Mandevtlle Art 
0IJ1ery until October 30. 10 )"011 
have a few more clays to catch It. 
The gallery Is located· In the 
Mandevtlle complell near the 
student Center and Is open 
Tuesday through Sunday. noon 
to 5 pm. 

\ 

J6~~~~~===-~ 
~ frozen 

'iYoeurl Jllfoir yogurt creations 
3Ot';off 

any p.rc ..... of $1.00 or .ore 
III Xerox copies, reductions, enlargements 
II Full color xerox copies 
Ii Full binding service, hard & soft cover 
til Stationers supplies, typing ~, 103e Torrey Pilla .11. 

atHencW 

FIRST THEATRICAL RELEASE IN OVER 50 YEARSI 
NEW 35JIIIM PRINTS - LNE ORGAN ACCOMPAl"flMErtT 

PIIESfI'ITEO !IV JOtf't Q(JNN 
I't <:OOPEJtA 110N WI111 
IW. RO.f.CH STUDIOS 

F ,i (10/28) 8;00 pm only; Sat a. Sun 
2:00, 7;30, 9:45 pm; Mon· Thurs 7;30 
pm only; F" (11/4, 7;30, 9:45 pm 

F" (10/28) ONl.. VI See s..., 
lIM 0.- in an old lime Laurel 
.. Hardy PIt F~ in Theatre 

Loc M 7;30 

0 ....... 
caetolDer 

La Jolla 

uc-SAN-DlCGO 
INTERNATIONAL 

fll~ERIES 
1 . 9 . 8 . 3 

tit HREE 
BRO HERS 

Difa:tal ", Mancesro Rosi 

W irh ""iUipr Naif« 

1981 113 min. 1!aI, 

Three Brothen deaIa with 
Ihe memories reverie., 
upiratlona and fear. of three 
men who have returned to 
their f.ther's fum In 
Southern Italy 10 attend 
their mother's funenl. 

November I. Tueiday, 7:30 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 

G.A. $5.00. St. & Sr. $3.00 
L.... _______ UCSD Box Office: 452-4559 _______ ....1 

October 27,1983 ".... 3 

, 
.. 

,. 

.., 



Concert line 

The return of the old soul sound 
The Temptations and The being accepted as widely as in 

the early IIftles. The big trend 
these days, of count. Is funk. 
funk Is not really a separate 
style from soul but merely a part 
of the whole soul genre. 

compose good rock and roll 
with soul. Too many bands 
today do not feel the need to 
deliver ruling In a piece men 
than the need to display some 
sort of technical ucdlence. 

Theater downtown. ror more 
Information call 235-4203. 

Jazz has always been a 
thinking man's genre. Most 
popular music afIIconados lind 
It dllrlcult to f1nd the time and 
energy to sit and listen to good 
jazz for an extended length of 
time, especially sbIce much of 
the jazz being produced today 
relies more on gimmick 

upcrimentatlon than develop-
Ing a melody. AI Dlllleolll has 
been a driving force behind a 
new generation of Jazz 
musicians who have been 
working to take.the Innovations 
In muskal technology and stili 
produce new musk which Is stili 
accessible. DIPkoIa will play 
Saturday at the SDSU 
Amphlthater at 5 pm. 

J rour Tops are two of the 
greatest soul groups of all time. 
In a day when soul (what people 
in the trade call funk) Is 
regaining Its popularity and no 
longer being referred to as .. that 
disco shit," black bands are 

What the Temptations and 
the four Tops have done Is to 

The Tanptatlons and the rour 
Tops will play tonight at the rox Assorted Vinyl Report 

Top I'M SaIea 
L Colour bM I'fIImIHn CIIIIIn a_ CBS 
2. Clene.tIs 61. nil AtIuUc 
3. TIle OIauing III eo.tIJ PIaaDy 
4. s"., 'nIe .... I'oIJdOr 
5. Iftft I'tut In the I'Ieu1 WGffd X rJektIa 
up .... ca ... 
IJumJng Senallolu ....... Se....... ~MI 
'IUCO 1m IIotIIe Columbia 
lo.9.B.7.8..5.f,l,1,1 .......... t 011 Columbia 
S<2ttertl. ....... Columbia 
The 1Itte.st of the ffttat ........ 
S.... Ht.II'tbeat 

Al DiMeola, /lanked by John Mclaughlin and I'aco De Lucia. will play at SDSU's Amphitehater SaturrMg. 

Sooner Or I,ater 
You'll Get -biJ.!ty Like This. 

In The It's SOoner. 

You're maneuvering ~~~b~id experience that 
445 feet of guided II take years in 
missile frigate through n.,ua"o industry. And 
the navigational earn the decision-
hazards and non·stop IUGAUII~ authority it 
traffic of one of the to make that 
world 's busiest ports. ~SlpUllSllJlll") payoff. 

But you'll dock As their manage-
safely. Because you Iil:.Anpr,t. abilities grow, 
know your equipment. avy officers can take 
You know your men. And dIH~~" ~1l(jI""]lced education and 
responsibility weighs in at 3,600 tons. . . training in fields as varied as operations 
you're ready. management, electronics, and systems 

After four years of college, you 're analysis. In graduate school it would cost 
ready for more responsibility than most you thousands; in the Navy we pay you. 
civilian jobs offer. Navy officers get the And the Navy pays well. The start-
kind of job and responsibility they want, ing salary is $17,000 (more than most 
and they get it sooner. companies pay). And that's on top of a 

Navy officers are part of the manage- comprehensive benefits program that 
ment team after 16 weeks. Instead of boot can include special duty pay. After four 
camp, officer candidates years, with regular 
receive four months r ;:;;:V~~;;U-;-T-;- - - - -; ;; 1 promotions and pay in-

I INFORMATION CENTER I hI' of leadership training. P.O. Bo][ 5000 , Clifton, NJ 07015 creases, t e sa ary IS up 
It's professional school- I 0 I 'd r8ther have responsibility sooner. Tell me I to as much as $31,000. 
ing designed to sharpen I more about t he Navy '. officer program. (0G ) I If you qualify to 
their technical and I N.m ....... -"'FI":::-'--';;;;'PIeo= .. =<P>=,,n:::-" -'Lo-:-: .. :;--- I be an officer in the 
management skills. Addrell ______ Apt. ~'--- Navy, chances are you 

I CitY· ____ St.te' ___ Zip-_ I have what l't takes to Then, in their first 
I A~_-tColl.II"/Univer.ity I . assJ'gnment Navy succeed. The Navy Just 

, *Yeor in CoIl,V t GPA'-__ _ 
officers get manage· I.MljOr/ Minor I makes it happen faster. 

I Phone Number tArt. Cod., Be.t Time lO c.n I 
I Thl"1 for :fl'lenl recruitmentlnform.tion You do not h.ve to fur. I k~:"~~~ ri,::-: ~:~~~!i:"to ~~:~~ ~:.. e:rn':' o~h~.re;7,o.'i. 
L t.ion. 'or whi(:h you qualify J 
-----------

Get 

0\ n""'5 October 27, 1983 

Sell US your carl 

SlIt I'tiittWa 
Am SALES 

693-1165 or 698-3736 
Ask for Joe 

9ELLIISTDIIE 
CLDTIIIIG 

"GET 
ON 
IT!" 

Of Bowie, Woody and Hopis 
Merry Cbmbnas 
1'Ir. lawrence 

In his fourth screen 
appemnc:e, David BowIe Itands 
out as the central elemalt of 
ddmnlaation and c:ourage In 
Ifq CItIUtmI& "r. laftnce. 
a stirring and unusual World 
War II drama. 

BowIe appears as .. strafrer 
Jack" Celllers. a British 
commando sent to a POW camp 
In Jlpanese-occupled Java. tie Is 
befriended by fellow fngllsh-
man John uwrence (Tom Conti) 
and admired from afar by 
Japanese officers Yonol 
( Ryulchl Sakamoto) and Ham 
(Takeshl). The film focuses on 
the cJuhes of spiritual r.astern 
honor and rebellious Western 
courage. 

As the story unfolds. BowIe's 
steely-eyed charisma functions 
as the constant element: his 
peers worship his undying spirit 
and natural leadership. while his 
captors feel forced by Its power 
to quell his desire to rebel. The 
tale moves smoothly through 
introspects Into the souls of the 
main ftgures and extoLs their 
conviction to the values of their 
separate cultures. 

ContI, a veteran of BrItish 
stage and screen. Is outstanding 
as IJIwrence. the mediator 
between the prIsonm and the 
Japanese. Sakamoto and 
Takeshl (respectively Japan's 

leading pop singer and 
comecUln) portray the rigid 
Yonal and the affable - and 
often IICIIstIc - tiara. Also 
appearing, as the antagonist of 
both BrItish and Japanese. Is 
leldlng AIutnIIIan actor Jack 
Thompson as the pompous 
Brit"" prbonm' commandant 

This thought-provoking. 
emotive tale (based on Sir 
Uaftns van der Post's novel The 
Seed Ind the .sowe" grips the 
vlewer's attention yet gives a 
certain personal Insight to the 
human character rarely seen In 
cinema. 

- lAI'fC~ £II/'IAIID 

Zelig 
Conforming to peer pressure 

and fitting In with the group Is 
common In society. Woody 
Allen's latest comedy Zelig. 
elllmines the life of Leonard 
zellg. a man who has developed 
a chameleon-like ability to take 
on the physical characteristics 
of those around him. whether 
they be writers. boxers. blacks 
or even Chinese. 

The 111m Is done In a 
documentary style where both 
black and white news reels and 
photos are used to Illustrate the 
scenes. Interspersed In the Him 
are commentaries by notable 
litera')' figures and historians, 
who dJscuss the Importance of 
this fictional character as 
though he had really eJdsted. 

PRECISION 
HAIRCUTS 

for lDen • women 

Wit. t ... CORPO_ .,.",. 
Off" •• pir.. 11/3.83. 

737 Pearl 456-1170 
La Jolla 456-1815 

two of these being rtobel Prize 
wlMlng writer Saul Bellow and 
writer Susan Sontag. 

Creatively edited Into the 
111m aJt photos of LeonanI !tUg. 
portra)U by Woody Allen. with 
famous people from the 192~ 
This Is Interesting, but after a 
while. the f1lm becomes an 
endless montage of ellimpies of 
!tllg's ability to adapt to his 
surroundings and the people 
around him. The amazing thing 
Is that after one sits In the 
theater for what seems like an 
eternity. one "nds that the "1m 
Is a mere 78 minutes long. 

Though this 111m shows a lot 
of creative cinematographic 
skUls. the story goes absolutely 
nowhere. Perhaps Allen's next 
fllIn will be better. 

- CLYD~M ,,~~ 

Koyaanisqatsi 
Koyamisqatsi Is a movie 

with no dialogue, no actors. and 
no story (In a conventional 
sense). However. It successfUlly 
communicates with and 
captivates the audience. It is an 
Independentl, produced and 
highly unique documentary. 

Producer /dlrector OocIfrey 
Reggie uses music and 
Incredible film Images to 
confront audiences with a 
ddaned and specilic look at life 
In modem AmerIcan society. 
The IIlm's title is a Hopi indian 

o.uid Bowie is a pri.soner of war in ""'erry Christtus. Mr. Lawrence. " 
word that serves as a statement 
for the way of life presented. 
I{oyaanisqatsi means "life out 
of balance." other meanings 
include crazy life. life in 
tunnoll. life disintegrating, and 
a state of life that calls for 
another way of living. 

The Him drives home its point 
by presenting visual data as a 
study In time and motion. Time 
lapse photography. for eJample, 
captures and accelerates the 
nUId. graceful. and hannonious 
movement of clouds. This is 
Juxtaposed with the photogra-
phic acceleration of people 
where they congregate - at 
train stations, airports, 
shopping centers, restaurants. 

major intersections, factories, 
pinball arcades. etc. The 
Juxtaposition Is clear, and 
disturbing. 

One motion Is beautiful while 
the other Is chaotic. One is 
compelled to question one's 
own mode of existence. Slow 
motion shots present the 
beautiful movement of an ocean 
wave. Slow motion also 
stretches out moments In time 
when passing strangers glance 
into the camera and at us. One 
wonders about these faces. Who 
are these people? What do they 
do? Where are they going? Are 
they happy? 

Although KoyiYnisqatsi is 
PIe-e tun to page B 

.~--------------------------------~ 
: $2.00 OFF : 
: ANY LARGE PIZZA : 
I wit. coupon I 
I Expires November 10, 1983. Not good with any other offer. I 
I I 
I Mo.-n.... I 
I ,... to 9p1D I ' 
I F..w.y I 
: 9 ... to lIpID : 
I Sabmlay I 
I 7 ... to lIpID I 
I ~~ I 
I . • 7 .. to 9p1D I 

-----------------~--------

$1 0 -:1'i.~3r L--~~~~~!~~~~---
for me •• women I 
Shampoo, condition. cut. I MANIC URE $5 

(Blowdry not included., 

B.J.' 
RESALE 

Dresses, Pants, 
Blouses, Skirts, etc ... 

$5.00 OFF 
on any purchase 

over $25.00 
BJ.'s RESALE 

755-0551 
243 No. Hwy. 101, 

Solana Beach 
Open: M~ri 1()'5, 

Sat 1()'3 

I 3945 Go".nor Dri". I ~ Sa. Diego, CA. SaI.way SlaoPPDls Ctr. 452-0661 JI 
~---------------------------------

October 17. 1983 ....... 5 



'Cinderella' 
ls simply 

I 'Channing' 
By JAJIIfS RALPH rArr 
The word "theatrical" can 

Mean simply "0( the theater," 
wh ich ca,n Include any 
Pf'rf<wmance, however bland 
c:lhd un energetic, On the other 
tland, It can pertain In a 
narrower senst to a perfor-
mance that shows, or shows off, 

eeial originality, excitement 
cmd flair. for Its production 0( 
Cinderell4, the San Diego Opera 
has adopted the second 
definition. 

When one comes into the 
that.!r. one does not discover 
the large velvet curtains closed 
or gauze stretched across the 
stage with an appropriate and 
appropriately florid picture on 
It. Instead, there is only the bare 
backstage, and as the Rossini 
oveture begins, the singers and 
backstage personnel wander 
about pr!"!>8ring the perfor-
mance in what could have been 
an utterly too cute skit, but 
what because of good comic 
acting, timing and choreogra-
phy with the overture music 
turns out to be a very funny 
introduction. 

As the sets are pushed into 
place. the opera begins In the 
house of Don Plagniflco, 
Cinderella's father. The sets are 
painted, consbucted and placed 
to look as if they were snipped 
out of a storybook and enlarged 

6 nlMus October 27, 1983 

The San Diego ape,.·s production 0{ "Onderdla" /eMuta the tllents 0{ (110 r) AntIJ IJurton. Nan ntu Md.lMe SMull$. 

for an opera stage. 
The costumes. are bright and, 

in the case of Don Magnifico and 
his two daughers, in surpassing 
bad taste. PrInce Channing's 
valet disguised as the PrInce is 
the long lost twin of Uberace, 
and an endless supply of 
footmen In black and white 
(with accessories appropriate to 
the action of the scene) 
continually march In and out. 

The difference between this 
performance and other SIX) 
productions this year are that 
the costumes are part of the 
action, they contribute to the 

comic character of each scene: 
the opera would not have been 
so fuMY If no one had bothered 
to Integrate them Into the 
movement 

There Is one place where 
operatic productions generally 
falter, and that Is In the acting. 
The people In operas are 
prlmartly singers. not actors, 
and If they concentrate on the 
flnt rather than the second, one 
can only expect that. although 
hope for a ranedy.ln OndeldlA 
hoftver, dther the SDO Ills 
brought together an utJaonIl-
narily sound collection of comic 

actars or the peafwnterS are so 
engrossed In the performance 
that they do BOt haft the 
alleNton left to think about 
faltering. 

And the singers. or acton. all 
appear to be haYIng so mucll run 
that the audience cannot IIdp 
joInJng In with It. The energy 0( 
tile production and the 
Ittaafoa of tile audience. and 
the hour and a hall of tile lint 
act (there are _Iy two) leans 
to be over .. half the time. 

RoIJm 1'anenbaum dlm:ts 
what Is the best SDO production 
this )aI', although I hope It 

does aot mnaln the best 
througbDut tile 1e&tOII. 1be cast 
whlclllKlucks no UMNhuslas-
tic II« UDa'eative pla~rs, 
Includel mezzo-sopnno Ann 
Munay IS Cfnckftlla, John A1er 
• PrInce Clllnnlng, Alan 11tus 
• his tutor, KauItb Col as his 
tutor, RIchud Mclee • Don 
MagnIfIco IIlCI Amy Burton and 
Jane Shaulis .. Jllaplnco'~ 
dlugllta's.lI mIf! lias never aeen 
an open. thll. the one to begin 
on, and If 0IIe ... leal ... y, 
this • one: to add. 11Ie lui: 
c::hance ,. doing so wiD be this 
Saturday. 

New York's 1982-83 art 
season continues at the La Jolla 
Museum of Contemporary Art 
via video tape starting October 
25 and continuing through 
October 30, In dally viewing in 
the Pluseum's galleries. 

Titled Young tJtpteMlonLsm, 
the video program will present 
the work of three artists Kelt 
recently at new York galleries: 
Jean Pllchd Buquiat at the Fun 
Gallery: I'rancaco Clemente at 
Sperone-Westwater-l'IJcher and 

PIal)' Boone OIIlcry: Julian 
ScImabeI at the Lt.o Qlltdll 
GalIay. Tapes will also Include 
Interviews with Baqulat and 
Sctmabd. 

11te ytcleo program can be 
seen throughout tile day tom 
10:00 am until 5:00 pm Tuaday 
through rrtday and from 12:.50 
pm 011 wedlends. 1bere Is no 
additional charge beyond the 
Museum's $2 acImIsskxI fee. Por 
program Information, call 4540 
3Ml. 

• • • 

The Masters Percussion 
RecItal wil be held In MandevIlle 
Auditorium 011 SUnday. DIn 
Dunbar's peforntance will 
Include works by Roger 
Reynolds, Jell Charles 
I'rancoIs, ~lIIot Carter and 
Stllllt Smith. 

• • • 

Three Brothers, a tllm by 
Francesco Hosl will play Monday 
In Mandeville. The f1lm deals 
with the memories of three men 
who have returned' to their 
father's farm to attend their 
mother's funeral. 

• • • 

RIchard Pryor's nlm SUnset 
strip will be shown I'rIday In the 
PUb with a preview of scenes 
from lIm,nd flow, his latest. 
The screallng starts at 4 pm. 

• •• 
Prlday after the ro, 'I1Ie Odds 

will play 011 the PUb patio from 
6-8 pm. 

• •• 
CdebrIte Hallowun this year 

with magtc In the PUb. Jon 
salver, a UCSD bued ruglclan 
will peal'orin with a good time 
assured for all. 1be show Is 
tonlallt at 6.,., pm. 

• •• 

IIomlMg T"kle, a 1970 
dramatic IUm made In india and 
dlrcted by James Ivory, screens 
Wailladay at 7 :30, at the La 
Jolla Museum of Contemporary 
Art. 

The film Is tile story of Lucia 
Lane. a best-sellfng British 
novelist. who goes to india In 
seardI of new sensations In her 

II~ An afIIIr with an indian 
mom star Is PIll of the 
melodrlma IRquentIy Ibund In 
the Indian dnana. 

Director Ivory's other ftlms 
Include nlAUDIoo 00er0e0rge 
,nd 1Ion1l1e'S PlctMlf!S, s..ges, 
and Nat and Dust which 

premiered at the San Diego 
International "1m festival In 
October. 

IJomlMll Talkie Is shown with 
English dIalogue. On Thunday, 
november 10, the Museum's 
"1m SerIes on the documentary 
genre continues wltll I.e ".tte 
ToIA and DatI aims, two 
ethnographic documentaries. 
General acIm ....... $3. students 

and seniors $2. Por information, 
call 45403541. 

••• 
1be I'tatural History Museum 

will present Sealch /01' Survl.' 
Saturday and Sunday at 2 pm. 

~very living organism -
including man - strives to 
survive, and In this struggle 
water Is essential. lbls unusual 
nlm explores survfvaJ on many 

,STUDENT DISCOUNT 
Get special savings on these featured releases, 
and 20 % off every other album and casseHe in stock. 

SALE 5!!u. or LP 

·200/0 OFF ALL MUSIC 
Present a valid Student tD. and get 20% off all regular priced albums and 
prwecorded cassettes in stock...no limit. (Sale items not Included.) 
Offer good through November 8, 1183. 

AClon 
I lSAT 
2 GMAT 
3 GRE 
4 MeAl 
5 OAT 
I MAT 
1 PCAI 
I ~Ol 

levels from photosynthesis to 
life on the African plains. 

Museum admission is now 
$2.50 for adults and 50t for 
children aged six through 1 7. 

••• 

The Old Globe Theater Is 
presenting a series fA comedy 
performances starting 
Wednesday and continuing until 
I'fcwember 20. Some of the 
comedians who will be Included 
are George carlin, Pat Paulson, 
Robert Kldn, and Plarlin Mull. 
for more Information call 23~ 
2255. 

• •• 

The San Diego Symphony 
Orchestra Association opens Its 
Second Annual Symphony 
Weekend with "On the Upbeat 
with the San Diego Symphony" I 
on friday from 5-8 pm at 
downtown's University Club. 

A silent auction, emceed by 
Sam Bass of KYXY 96.5 fM, 
Symphony Weekend host, will 
give guests the opportunity to 
bid for drawings done by the 
principal musicians of their 
respective instruments. The 
party, sponsored by Young 
Friends of the San Diego 
Symphony and chaired by 
Young Prlends member Barbara 
Albers, will feature the music of 
l.aI1y Page at the plano bar. 

Admission Is $17;5(» with pre-
registration or $20 at the door. 
Reservations are limited. 

for additional Information 
call the Symphony otrlce at 23~ 
9728. 

DOWII 
• VAT I NM8 t GRE PSYCH 

" TOEfl 2 VIlE I' CRE BID 
11 SSAT 3 ECIMG 11 ACHIEVEMEN TS 
12 PSAT 4 flEX 12 NURSING 80S 
13 SAl 5 NOB 13 CPA 
14 ALI , NPBI It SPUD READING 
15 MSKP 1 NC81 15 ESl REVIEW 

• CGrNS " INTRO TO 
l A.W SCHOOl 

~-H . 
• PlAN 
EDUCAT10NAl CENTER 

Available .t .11 
.,.. Muslcland 
locations. 

Son Diego Center 

We Bring Entertainment to Llfel 
43.0152-013 • "'1 

2180 Gamet Ave., Suite 20 
Pacific Beach 92109 
('19) 270-6110 
M.L McNulty. Administrator 

""IoIIJUa 27, 1983 "..... 



Movies 
continued from page 5 
not a conventional narrative, It 
Is not simply a dazzling splash 
of Images. The footage, 
collected over a period of eight 
years, has been edited Into a 
series of episodes - each with 
an area of focus. Philip Glass' 

8 nUJtus October 27, 1983 

musical score - the Him's only 
sound - constantly serves as a 
poignant commentary of the 
Images underscoring the 
prophetic nature of the 
material. 

Images link together to build 
a dynamic visual emy that 
elegantly contrasts the balance 
of natural phenomena with 

questions about the synthetic, 
the man made, Are members of 
current urban society leading a . 
kind of "crazy life"? How 
constructive Is mankind? 
Where, besides in nature, do 
true order and hannony exist? 

Koyunisqltsi is currently 
playing at the rine Arts lbeater 

- lTIIN'IlUl&Sl 

c 1963 Adolph Coors Company, Goldon. COiorodo 80401· Brewer cJ Fine Quo~ty Beers Since 1873 


