
J 

see page 11 



UCSD MBA Day will take place today 
from JO am to 2 pm around the Student 
Center Hump near the gym. Open to 
students from all Sah Diego coDege and 
univerSity campuses, it will feature 
admissions representatives from over 30 
business and management schools who 
will be available to answer questions and 
distribute materials. Representatives 
from Cornell, Danmouth, ew York 
University, Berkeley, UCLA, University 
of Chicago, University of Michigan and 
USC are expected to attend. The 
Economics and Management Science 
Association (EMSSA) and the Society for 
the Advancement of Management (SAM) 

.. are co-sponsors of the event with Career 
Planning and Placement. 

• 
In his October 4, 1983 annual repon 

to the Scripps Clinic and Research 
Foundallon board 01 trustees , Dr. 
Charles C. Edwards, MD, president and 
chief executive officer, said that Scripps 
Clinic continues to have "sound 
financial health ." Edwards reponed that 
building and equipment assets increased 
$22 .2 million during the fiscal year 
ending.in late june, 1983, and now total 
more than $78 million. Total assets, he 
said , are nearly $129 million. Edwards 
also stressed that while cripps ClInic is 
working closely with a number of other 
hospitals in the county to make the 
maximum practical use of their facilities , 
trustees must develop a strategy to deal 
with the continued growth of the 
medical delivery system. In related news, 
the Research Institute of Scripps Clinic 
has added two new buildIngs lor an 
additional 167,000 square feet. The 
Immunology Laboratories buildIng 
opened in july, 1980, and last Friday, 
eptember 30, the Molecular Biology 

BuildIng was dedicated In a ceremony 
marking outgOing Chairman Donald 
Roon 's last dedicatory remarks among 
several in his five year chairmanship. 

• 
Another major motion picture film to 

be sh.ot in San Diego began producnon 
last Thursday at the San Diego Sports 
Arena. Blam~ It On ehe Night is based on 
all original story conceived by 
director/ producer/ writer Gene Taft and 
Mick Jagger. The film centers on a rock 
star, played by Nick Mancuso, and a 
thirteen year old military cadet, who 
actually are father and son, brought 
together after a hfenme of separation . 
Filming will continue through October 
15 (this Saturday), at which time the 
fi rst ever Rock Movie Concert will take 
place at the Sports Arena . Billy Preston , 
Merry Clayton, and Tom Scot! will 
perform as Mancuso portrays rock star 

Deja Vu ... 
1968 ... 

LaSt night in hiS speech to UCSD 
stud ems in the main gym , Eldridge 
Cleaver said, "Do you relate to your 
heroes of the past , or are they villains to 
you now? Are you clinging to your dead 
heroes? You are gomg to be the 
generation that creates new heroes for 
the future ." And Cleaver concluded with, 
"You either have to be part of the 
solution, or you are going to be pan of 
the problem." 
1970 ... 

Fencing, one of the oldest traditional 
sports, is very much alive at UCSD. LaSt 
year, the relatively young squad had 
surprising success With a league record 
of 4-3. Captain Chris Canole, a senior, 
took top honors at the annual UCSD 
Epee Invitational. Can ole bested over 30 
fencers from 13 schools, including 
UCLA, UCB, USC, Stanford and the Air 
Force Academy. Canole, and sabre 

Chris Dalton. Ted Neeley (Jesus Christ 
Superstar) is responsible for the musical 
concepts and supervision in the film. 
Anyone attending the free concen will 
be eligible for many prizes, including a 
car, to be given away by the KGB DJs. 

• 
Mary Ellen Drummond , former area 

governor for Toastmasters International, 
will present techniques for more 
effective public speaking at the October 
20 meeting of the San Diego chapter of 
the International Association of Business 
CommunicatOrs. The meeting will be 
held at the Atlantis Restaurant on 
Mission Bay beginning at 6 pm. 
Drummond is scheduled to give tips on 
how 10 make public speaking more 
persuasive. She will demonstrate some 
dos and don'ts that make a difference 
in audience response. Following the 6 
pm meeting (with no-host cocktails) will 
be dinner at 6:45, with the program 
beginning at 7:40. The fee is $12 for 
members , $14 for non-members and 
half-price for students. For reservations 
com act Fred Vaughn, SDG&E at 232-
4252, Extension 1387, by October 18. 

• 
Two new educational brochures are 

available from the AIDS Project/ Los 
Angeles, a non-profit organization that 
provides community education, servIces 
for persons with AIDS (Acquired 
Immune Deficiency Syndrome) and 
funding for research . One is a Spanish 
version of a brochure developed earlier 
this year, of which more than 120,000 
copies of the English version have been 
distnbuted. The other is a frank, non-
technIcal brochure that offers specific 
sugestions to reduce the risk of AIDS 
among sexually active gay men . To 
request copies of either brochure, 
contact AIDS Project at (213) 871-1284. 
For factual information of AIDS related 
issues, contact the AIDS Hotline, (213) 
87l-AIDS. 

• 

Mexican Cultural Day, an opportunity 
for San Diegans to learn more about our 
neighbors across the border, will be held 
Saturday, Oct. 22, in UCSD Extension 
Classroom I. The program includes 
discussions on issues concerning both 
the border community and Mexico, 
entenainment, a look at Mexican an as 
well as Mexican-American literature, and 
a tasting of Mexican food and drink. 
The fee for the 1:30 to 9 event is $45, 
and advance reservations are 
recommended . Information and 
reservations are available b), calling 
UCSD Extension at 452-3400. 

captain Richard Sax, a junior, and john 
Helmich , a sophomore , placed in the 
AU-Cal finals. 

Controversy is bemg created over the 
formation of a faculty ad hoc Committee 
to Save the University (CSU). Organized 
to combat politicalization of the campus 
(i.e. reconstruction of the classes, 
building takeovers and off-campus acts 
by politiCians), CSU IS seen by some to 
be itself a source of politicalization ' that 
th reatens to polarize the campus 
commentary and destroy the UniversitY. 

Dr. Vincent Allen , new director 01 the 
UCSD Health Center, commented "We 
want to get away from a semblance of 
assembly-line medicine at the center 
and create a situation to preserve 
Individuality." Dr. Allen would like the 
center to take an active role in helping 
those using drugs. "Drug abuse is a 
symptom of;1 social ill in the trllest 
sense . The real problem I~ why someone 

AS Forum 
The customary political bickering that has curtailed the effectiveness of AS 

Councils in the past was noticably absent from Wednesday night's meeting. 
Devoid of unnecessaty squabbling, the Council took under an hour and a half to 
give the green light to an ASUCSD calendar and to dispense of other business as 
well as prepare for next week's meeting .... 

The AS calendar, the IirSl major project under Craig Lee's adminIstration, 
should be on sale around campus by mid November. The calendar which wiD sell 
for $3.00, is intended to serve a dual purpose, according to Lee. "The AS needs 
investments so that we can avoid raising fees or cutting down on student 
programming. The calendar will also give the AS publicity. Few people know what 
we do. There is more to the AS than just TGs" .... 

The calendar wiD be available in male and female editions.lt:cording to Muir 
Representauve Greg RIcks each copy will contain photos of U students chosen 
on the basis of academic and/or athletic achievement. "We're not looking for just 
another pretty face, we're looking for st~dents who represent the campus". So if 
you feel you fill the bIll, look for IntervIews in about two weeks .... 

Muir Representative Greg Ricks on the upcoming AS calendar. "We 're not 100kingJor 
just another pretty fact, we're lookrngJor students who represent this campus," 

A significant ponion of the meeting was devoted to the viewing of a J 5 minute 
VIdeo tape of a 60 Minutes segment concerning the issue of the Coors boycott. 
UCSD presently supports the boycol! of the Coors beer, as do many other college 
campuses. But Craig lee and Program Commissioner Greg Hemperly have 
introduced a bill, which will be up for council debate next week, seeking to repeal 
UCSD's boycott position .... 

This past summer, Lee, Hemperly and Commissioner of External Affairs Lisa 
Stenmark were treated by Coors to an aU expense paid trip to the brewety in 
Colorado in an effort by the company to demonstrate that the charges of racism, 
sexism and inhumane treatment of employees are ill-founded. All three returned 
home with the conclusions the 60 Minutes piece pointed to that the Coors boycoit 
was unjustified .... 

Yet to Reggie Williams and other long-time supporters of the boycott, the 
issues and facts have been distoned by 60 Minutes and the Coors company 
(which has long been an adveniser on CBS, which produces 60 Minutes). 
Williams and others plan to present a case before council for continuing of the 
boycotl.... 

If this pastAS Council meetingwas marked by brevity, efficiency and mildness, 
look for nexl week's meeting to be long-Winded, a bit laborious and filled with hot 
tempers over the cold suds issue .... 

uses drugs and the possible alternatives 
of fulfilling that person's needs." 

1972 .. , 
UCSD IS now in the planning Slages 

of its fourth college. The new college will 
have a unique type of learning 
environment, in which the Sludent is 
concerned with the specific nature or a 
problem, such as the energy crisis or 
problems of the biological revolution , 
and approaches his or her studies with 
that problem as an overaD motivation. 
The problem is then attacked from the 
scientIfic angles and complemented by 
the social sciences, humanities and arts 

. and by the student's speCIfic altitude 
towards the problem. 
197'-.. 

HlrohllO, emperor of japan, VIsited 
the cripps Insmulion of OceanClgmphy 
Thursday, Hirohito IS a respected 
'''rutcur manne biologist. I Ie has 

contribllted eight of his SCientific 
publications to the Scripps Institution 
lIbrary. The emperor said it was "a great 
pleasure for me to call at this world-
rtnowned institution and to meet you 
who are makmg active and unceasing 
efforts in the field of oceanographic 
research." 
1977 ... 

After three years with a numerical 
'designator, UCSD's Founh College has 
had its naming after former California 
Governor and Supreme Coun Chief 
Juslice Earl Warren approved by the UC 
Regents. 

Warren College supports the idea that 
education should resuh in growth and 
change. Its programs series mcludes a 
course titled Metamorphosis, which is 
divided into three segments: self-
exploration , career exploration and real -
world cxplor.ltion . 

- Christopher Canole 

History of UCSD 
Chapter Four: 
Warren 
By JAMES RALPH PAPP 

This article, the fourth of five on the 
making of UCSD, is the result of 
conversations with Warren Provost Michael 
Addison and Dean of Enginuri"g Lea 
Rudee. I would like to thank them Jar their 
lime and help, 

Warren College was the last college to 
be built at UCSD, although when it was 
founded nearly a decade ago it was nm 
intended to be. Even if discussions for a 
fifth coUege can, under the University of 
California's present financial situation, 
be taken seriously, Warren will be the 
last chapter in a long while by which we 
can judge the success of UCSD'S' coUege 
system. 

Students were first admiued to 
Warren In 1974, when it was under 
Provost Lea Rudee. The 500-600 
students who came there the first year 
were mostly freshmen, but two seniors 
were included, and at the end of that 
year they had their own graduation 
ceremony. The intention of the founders 
was to create a college for people who 
had decided on their careers and 
wanted to pursue studies directly related 
to those choices. For this they invented 
the internship program whIch has now 
been adopted campus-wide. But an 
additional intention was to develop in 
Warren students reasoning and 
communication skiDs, which would help 
them, whatever profession they chose, 
to make informed l:hoices. However, nO! 
only through a few classes in 
mathematics, philosophy and writing 

were Warren students to avoid too 
much speciaUzation: there is also a 
requirement for tWO minors. 

Belng the last coOege, and having 
been staned at just about the time UC 
stopped investing in new facilities , 
Warren has the problem of permanently 
occupying the Matthews campus (the 
old Marine base, whose land makes up 
about half of UCSD). Permanent 
buildings were expected, but none ever 
arrived except for dormitories and 
apanments. The choice for 
undergraduates between living in enher 
a dormitory or apanment at the college 
IS one of the thIngs whIch distinguishes 
the facihties of Warren in a pOSitive 
way. The lack of permanent laboratories, 
for instance, is one of its negative 
aspects. 

Overcrowding has been a problem. 
The college first attracted many more 
students than expected, and the student 
population is a little over the top of 
what ProvOSt Addison caDs the optimum 
college size: 2,000-2,500. The resident 
fellow program, which is just beginning 
now, was considered earlier by Provost 
Rudee, but there was no space to put a 
resident fellow. It is unlikely Warren will 
ever move to a new campus, and a fifth 
college will have 10 think of its own 
hOUSIng solution. From the year when 
three UC campuses could be opened at 
once, 1964, financial times have 
changed. As Addison says, we are in a 
different phase of the moon . ' 

How to make peace with lOlstoy. 
' . 

~ .: '. 

If the academic wars are getting you down, decla~ ~ cease-fire. ~ake ~ ~reak 
with a rich and chocolatey cup Of Suisse Mocha. It s Just one of SIX delioously 
different flavors from -
General Foods ' 
International Coffees, 

GENERAL FooDS'INTERNATIONAL COFFEES. 
AS MUCH A FEELING AS A FLAVOR 

Available at: University Bookstore 
(~I" .. ' 

October /0, 1983 3 
"I \\ " 

The first permanent Warren provost.- Lea Rudee. 

By the time Warren opened, the plan 
of only a few depanmems and majors in 
each college had already ended (with 
Third), so Warren's staff had to arrive at 
new ways to establish a college identity. 
The fact that the founding faculty were a 
pan of the college was imponant, 
because for that reason they IdentifIed 
with it more closely. As more faculty 
arrive from outside the feeling of being 
pan of a college among the faculty 
dwindles . 

In Provost Rudee's experience , the 
faculty was more enthusiastic about 
meeting students outside the classroom 
as members of the coUege than the 
students were (a feeling that the 
students who were polled for the Muir 
tenth year study felt the opposite about 
at that coOege). Five years ago, when 
worries about low retention rates were 
becoming serious, Warren had the 
hIghest among the four colleges. It is 
still experimenting with wa}'S to keep a 
college identity. One beginning this year 
is the resident fellow program. The first 
resident fellow is Professor Peter Irons, 
who, incidentally, is in the news now as 

attorney of record in the Japanese 
internees reparations case. 

I! is the college system that aUows this 
son of experimentation to go on, the 
small unit in which new things can be 
tried without too much red tape and 
without affecti ng aU the student body. In 
Dr. Rudee's opinion, neIther Warren, 
Third nor ReveUe would have survived 
in their present form without it, without 
the variey of colleges from which the 

-students can choose the program they 
like best, instead of having one 
compromise program forced on aU. In 
this way the college system at UCSo. is 
unique. 

The Warren experiment cenainly 
does not contribute to the original 
college system conception of the makers 
of UCSD, but it is, because of the variey 
the system allows, a successful 
experiment, demonstrated by the large 
number of students who want to attend 
it and its high retention rate. Warren 
has proved , for the last time in a while, 
that although there have been surprises 
in the way the UCSD colleges have 
developed , they are not necessarily 
unpleasant ones. 

Univenity Events Office presenis 

.. "" 

'It I \:11'."('" "1\.I'II~""t) ',\1 \\I!\ 
. , 

- - - . -, ~'",. \ 

This Thursday, Oct. 13, 8 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 

$2.00 
____ UCSD Central Box Office, 452-4559 ----



.. 

Editorial 

The Student Health Center should 
remain accessible to our needy students 

The cost of health care increases each year, but this does not 
mean that the quality of health care at UCSD should decrease or 
that needy students should now be asked to pay more than a 
nominal fee for treatment at the Student Health Center. The 
operative word here is needy, and as the Regents struggle to realign 
the Center to cope with the recent budget squeeze (see story on 
page 7), they must ensure that payment on the pan of students 
does not constitute a financial hardship. 

As it now stands, all students support the Health Center 
(through their registration fee payments) as well as an insurance 
program, exclusive of the optional one that was made available last 
year. Many students also have their own insurance, such as Blue 
Cross or Kaiser Permanente, the overall result being that they are 
buying much more health coverage than they could ever need or 
use. This is very unfortunate , but it is not sufficient reason for the 
budget jugglers to shift the funding base of the Health Center away 
from the whole and lay it on the backs of those who need it most 
and can afford it least. 

This type of liberal thought simply will not wash in the real 

II ceilit(f;lf~ll <eilit(f;lf ~n<ettit<elf~ll ®ttit®lf~n <eilit®lf~n <e 
frcelf~lettersll<eilit<elf~nceititcelf~ll<e:ilit®lf~n<ettttce 
lf~ll(f;W(f;lf ~n ®ilitcelf~n <eilit<elf~ll <ettit<elf~ll (f;ilit®1r 
n®ttfr<elf~n<eilit®lf~n<eilit<e1r~n<eilitce1r~llettfr<elfncefr 
Editor. 

A joke? A silly warning to the 
freshmen? Why did Jeff Easter of the 
UCSD Guardian write it? His article, 
· UCSD's Srartling 'Bong Hit' Culture," 
comes closer to describing a numbed 
heroin addict than a chemistry major 
student in La Jolla. Certainly there is a 
percentage of the UC5D student body 
which rakes the liberty of smoking 
Cannabis sativa, but Easter's "recount of 
a desperate evening" is an exaggeration. 

The article was suspiciously printed 
during Welcome Week, when the green 
freshmen sprouted on campus. If 
nothing else the allicle drew ironic 
laughter. Instead of harping on the 
"temnants of the 1960's drug culture ," 
the Guardilln should educate the 
students about marijuana. The srudents 
need information and a histOry lesson , 
not a distOrted nightmare involving a 
pseudo-addict. 

Marijuana was not discovered during 
the 1960's. Even before the binh of 
Christ, Cannabis was part of religious 
ritualistic practices from Turkistan to 
Mongolia. Early records associate the 
use of manjuana with both medical and 
religious practices. Chinese farmers 
cultivated the hemp plant, Cannabis 
sativa, for textiles. Chinese phYSicians 
used hemp as an anesthetic during the 
second century AD. Only as recently as 
1548 was Cannabis mentioned in the 
English language in William Turner's 
Herbal Book. 

The rirst major influence that spread 
non·medi cal use of marijuana in Europe 
was made by returning French soldiers 
from Napoleon's Army which was 
defeated at the battle of the Nile . A 
group of French intellectuals and writers 
including Balzac, Flaubert , Dumas, and 
Baudelaire became fascinated with the 
stimulating hashish. LIkewise, in 
England, mar~uana was accepted by an 
~nisti c and SC Ientific elite . Naturally, the 
colonists brought the hcmp plant to the 
New World . George WashingtOn grew 
mar~uana a t his Mount Vernon Est3te. 

However, Americans didn't think of 
chewing or smoking the leaves and 
buds until the twentieth century. 
Marijuana was Introduced as a drug at 
t,he rum of the century when Mexican 

workers carried small quantities with 
them across the border. Marijuana 
spread from Mexico to the black 
laborers of the south. The usage of 
marijuana was strictly identified with 
the blacks and Mexicans. Established 
legalized discrimination around the 
1890's encouraged the passage of laws 
making marijuana illegal. At the Hague 
Conference on Opium in 1911 , the 
United States proposed a worldwide 
prohibition on Cannabis. 

Worried that the drug might incite 
violence and sexual deviance, the Federal 
Bureau of Narcotics passed laws in 
1930 to make it illegal Commissioner 
Hanry Anlinger pushed the interests of 
the new agency. He ignored the wealth 
of histoTlcal evidence concerning 
CannabIS. He emphasized its 
association with blacks, American 
Indians, and Chinese, playing on the 
xenophobiC fears that many white 
Americans had at that time. 

By 1937 Congress passed the 
Marijuana Tax Act. It became a felony 
offense to possess Cannabis. Conviction 
carried a long prison sentence; in some 
cases a convicted user could be 
sentenced to death. 

However, by the 1960's middle class 
college students were turned on to the 
ubiquitous and easily grown Cannabis. 
Thus lawmakers were faced with a 
p(edicament: enforce the law and puts 
sons and daughters in jail or change the 
law. Under pressure, the lawmakers 
changed the laws by the 1970's. 
Marijuana is still illegal, but less illegal. 

As for the effects of this pungent 
smelling weed , medical expens report 
that smoking the substance doesn 't 
result in physical dependency. Once the 
user learns the number of puffs 
necessary to reach his/ her "high : he 
Ishe rarely takes more. On July 7, 1967, 
a Time reporter wrote , "Some medical 
authorities and federal ofTicials believe 
that the drug will eventually be 
legalized ." 

In an attempt to evoke fear and 
confusion, the GuardIan printed "UCSD's 
Stanling Bong Hit Culture: The 
Guardian should conSIder deleting these 
invalid feature stories and sa vi ng the 
space for articles that provide 
information of specific interest for 
UCSD. 

Ingrid Greenberg 

world in 1983, but public universities have been, and should 
remain, exceptions to the cut and thrust of daily life. Even if one 
does not consider education the sacred cow it once was, there is 
still a strong argument to be made for it as an investment in the 
future of the economy. Educated men and women are worth much 
more to the government (higher salaries equals more tax) and 
business (healthy business means more tax), Cheapening 
edu<;ation or embracing policies which might exclude the poor can 
only mean fewer qualified graduates, to the detriment of 
everybody. . 

If the Regents are seeking an alternative to fully funding the 
Health Center with registration fees, there is one very logical 
alternative. Most students should pay a reasonable fee for care at 
the Center, but those who can prove hardship (i.e. they are heavily 
dependent on financial aid) should have the cost of their care 
paid for out of a contingency fund taken from registration fees. 
This would reduce the overall burden on the already overworked 
registration fees and still provide quality health care at little or no 
cost to the needy, 

Editor. 

As <l founh-year economics student 
here at UCSD 1 understand the 
importance of cost efficiency, but there 
i a pOInr at which quality is sacrificed 
and the process becomes "efficiem" only 
on paper because the purpose has been 
lost. This is what is happening to the 
Birdcage Revi('w. AS presidenr CraIg Lee 
doesn 't seem to understand that thIS 
publication , which is distributed here 
and to other campuses across the 
country , reflects both UCSD's position 
as a top·ranking university arid the 
s tudents' pride in their school and In 
their work. 

The Birdcage Review provides a place 
for all UCSD undergraduates to get their 
work published , sparks interest in the 
arts and in their respeoive departments , 
stimulates imeraction between the 
students ,lOd faculty , sponsors the 
Undergraduate Arts Festival , and holds 
open readings. In addition to being an 
interesting m,lgazine, it is the focal 
point of all (he undergraduate arts here 
<It UCSD and is a credit to this 
university. While I believe in the value 
llf cost efficIency. I also think that the 
cost required to produce a quality 
product sueh as the Birdcage Rl'I'lCW is 
well wonh the expenditure. 

Karen Criddle 

welcomes 
profeS50rs, 
be sent in 
itor to the 

" .. " '.lo.. ~L.L. ~.A,Il"", 92093, 

and 
and 

Edilor 
Tim August 

Man.", EdilOr 
Phil Lauder 
Copy Editor 

James Ralph Papp 
Opinion Editor 
Thomas Rankin 

Associate News Editors 
Mike Greenberg 

Lisa Lapin 
Featurn Editor 
Chris Young 
Ans Editor 

Andrew Keeler 
Associate Ans EdilOr 

John Nee 
Spans Editor 
Jeff Savage 
Photo Editor 
Rich PeCJak 

General Manllfler 
Chris Milke 

Associate General Man8f!Cl'S 
Linda Lewis 

Valerie McMullin 
Photographen 

Richard Caterina 
Cynthia Cebula 
Rob Friedenthal 
Mark Joh nson 

lIIustrat0r5 
Gamell Fitz·Henley 

Kathy Morrow 
Typnetten 

Joe Desiderio 
Anggle Lapid 
Phil Lauder 

Andy Lau renee 
Chris Osterwalder 

Production 
Hannah Abrams 

Lisa Jones 
Paula Montgomery 

Kelly Neal 

The UCSD Guardian is published 
Mondays and Thursdays during the 
academic year by students at UCSD. 
Reproduction or use without 
permission of any ponion of this 
newsp'lper IS strictly prohibited. Not 
responsible for unsolidted 
manuscripts or an. 

Our office IS located southeast of 
the Revelle Provost Ortlce on the 
UC D campus. The Business Office is 
open from 9 am 10 noon and I pm to 
5 pm Monday through Friday. 

~ubscnptions will be mailed for $15 
per quaner 

The UCSD Guardian 
UCSD,8·016 

La Jolla, California 92093 
(619) .. '2-3 .. 66 

October 10 1983 5 
(1/'1'\/1 )'-. 

Cutting back on the Birdcage Review 
will only cut back on our huma~ity 
By JAMES RALPH PAPP 

Public institutions are always the 
result of someone's generosity, whether 
of a private philanthropist or an offlcial 
who distribwes the contributions, laxes 
or fees of other people. That generosity 
is the nourishment of society, anowing 
us to build and suppon and use things 
without which we would be almost, but 
not quite, a culture and a civilization. 
The disadvantage of the generosity is 
that it can be cut off more e~sily than it 
was given. The benefactor can decide 
that by consuming what he has 
suponed he will (a) no longer have to 
worry about its well-being and (b) wiD 
survive bener himself. 

The Birdcage Review, which began 
publishing two years ago, may be 
devoured this week by a vote in the AS. 
But that is not completely true: it 
probably will survive by compromise in 
some form . The somewhat modest 
proposal now being laid before the 
Birdcage offers two-thirds of the money 
it needs to retain its present quality, 
with a suggestion that the funds should 
be used putting out a larger magaZine of 
grealer circulation with inferior paper 
and priming less often. More properly I 
should say the Birdcage Revl~ is ~ing 
laid before the AS, which wtll dectde 
whether it should be allowed to grow to 
matuTlty or be dispatched right now. 

However, some might wonder what 
the fuss is about. The proposal appears 
to be reasonable, a logical solution to all 
the problems. The only objection is that 
something gets consumed in the process. 

What gets consumed is quality. If the 
Birdcage is made with inferior paper it 
will not be able to reproduce 
photographs adequately, that is, 
photographs as an artistic medium, 
which of course is the intention of an 
arts magaZine. In its latest issue it 
printed nearly fifty photographs, making 
it very clearly the most important 
exhibitor of undergraduate photography 
at UCSD. 

The ~uality of the paper and the 
printing does not maller so much with 
poetry and prose, although it sets them 
off to their best advantage, anracts the 
attention of thl: reader and makes the 
difference between a "throw·away"·and 
a publication that represents the quality 
of our undergraduate academic 
community. It is the difference. between 
having little pieces binen off one here 
and there, as one's owners need the 
nourishment themselves, and being 
allowed to retain all the pans that make 
one complete. 

With the Birdcage having a Ia~e 

~ 

COUNCIL TRAVEL 
BUDGET AIRFARES 

San Frandlco $39ow/$78rt 
Houston $1 1 Sow/$230rt 
NewYorll: $16Oow/$3OOrt 
London '$329ow/$608rt 
Amsterdam $324ow/$598rt 
Dusseldorf $34Oow/$589rt 
Copenhagen $36Oow/$595rt 
Stockholm $4 I Oow/$655rt 
Athens $448ow/$889rt 
TelAvtv $499ow/$869rt 
Hong Jc:ong $435ow/$699rt 
Auckland $53Oow/$I06Ort 
Sydney $605ow/$1210rt 

COntact 
CIEE/Coundl Travel 
Second Floor. Student Center 

452-0630 
I 

ponion of its artatomy forcibly removed, 
the suggestion that more people would 
be interested in il seems unreasonable. 
Why then should more copies be . 
printed? And to fill up the space berert 
of photographs and additional pages as 
wen, with more prose and poetry is aD 
very well only if there is enough material . 
of quality to fill them. It would be nice 
to accept everyone's work, but rejection 
and the resulting self-iinprovement is 
the necessary nature of creative writing. 
More and larger and cheaper editions 
will. not ~rve anyone's needs. A good 
and a growing publication will be 

devoured in a sea of hungry I)'lediocrity. 
If the Birdcage could survive these 

changes to remain the undergraduate 
ans focal point of each quaner, it is 
impossible that it should remain that 
focal point if It is brought out only twice 
a year. The rest of UCSD operates on 
the quaner system, and if the Birdcage 
does not it will no longer be properly 
pan of the Univ~rsity . 

The AS meeting to decide whether to 
give the Birdcage a proposal somewhat 
less modest is to be held this 
Wednesday at 6, 6:30 or 7 pm, 
depending on whom one asks in the 

Test your ignorance 
By THOMAS RANKIN 

In the last issue of the GLlClrdian (Oct. 
6) Laura Drake wrote a passionate letter 
lambasting UCSD students for their 
ignorance and apathy. In the same issue 
there was a commentary ptece written 
by C. Canole quoting Roger Revelle 's 
1975 commencement speech on 
patriotism and, again, ignorance. 

Ignorance and afathy are, according 
to the conventiona wisdom, as much a 
staple of the American diet as V-8s and 
vitamin-enriched cereal. The question 
here is whether these accusations are 
rair; are we as ignorant as we think we 
are? Let's hope not, but t2e ucstions 
below should be .a fairly indication · 
of just how well mfonne Guardian 
readers truly are . 

Those who reel confident of their 
knowledge are invited to submit their 
answers to the GLlClrdian office (or send 
them to us at B-016, UC5D, 92993). The 
individuals who answer the questions in 
a ,way that shows a basic understanding 
of them will receive a Cenificate of 
Non-Ignorance for their effons and get 
their names in the paper next Monday, 
along with the answers to the questions. 

If you cannot answer these questiOns 
you are quite ignorant. but don't 
despair; UCSD's libraries aU have man~ 

Crossword Answers 

periodicals, and a few hours of perusal 
each week should have you in a 
posilion to spot PR flak and politically-
motivated BS in no lime. Doni forget , 
ignorance may be bliss, but knowledge 
is power. 

1) Who is our US congressman? Who 
are our senators? What political panies 
do they belong to? 

2) Why lS Governor George 
DeukmeJian cutting heavily into state 
programs? The liberal state legislature 
had another way of dealing with the 
problem which the governor vetoed . 
What was it, and why did Deukmejian 
disapprove? 

3) Who actuaUy benefitted most fonn 
the "homeowners' revolution" and 
PropOSition 13? 

4) What is the "Golden Triangle ," and 
what does it mean to UCSD students? 

5) What nation is supplying arms to 
Salvadoran rebels via Nicaragua? Where 
does this "benefiCiary" get these 
annaments? What nation is supplying 
arms to Nicaraguan rebels in an effon to 
halt the Dow of these arms? 

6) How many Soviet troops are there 
fighting in Afghanistan? Why don 't 
Americans ever hear about this conflict? 

ACROSS I. THYME 5. NEEDLE 7. ROSA 8. BULB 10. US 11. EBB 14. NEW 
ZEAlAND 17. SAW2l. SHAMROCK 23. BAY 25. SQUASH 28. PRUNE · 30. 
ANT 3l. PAlM 33. TAR 36. EGGLPLANT 38. KNOT 40. KNOT : 42. 
PlCI<LE 43. PEAR 
DOWN I. TRUNK 2. HOSE 3. YS 4. MAIZE 6. EYE 8. BEAN 9. BON 12. 
BS 13. BARK 15. ASH 16. DAM 18. HOE 19. CARROT 20. NOSE 21. 
SLUG 22. ASS 24. DATE 26. HOP 27. JAM 29. NORFOLK 32. LEAF 34. 
DEER 35. AGGIE 37. TOP 39. UP 41. AM 

Student Center's North Conference 
Room. Everyone who finds the 
voracious nature of the present proposal 
dangerous ought to atend. The Birdcage 
Rtview. is both the cente r and the 
centerpiece for undergraduate .literary, 
visual and musical ans at UCSD, and we 
should not let it fall prey to the shon-
lived generosity of student . 
representation . It is a careful and 
meticulous publication, and therefore it 
is not cheap, but the race is not always 
to the swift. We should not let a symbol 
of the quality at UCSD faU prey to the 

. student government. -

7) Does Lebanon exist anymore? 
What recent Soviet move makes Isrrael's 
new "buffer zone" impotent? What 
recent Israeli move makes one suspect 
that the southern ponion of Lebanon 
will soon have a new name? 

So much for the easy ones .... 
8) All but a handful of countries have 

seen an increase in the life expectancy 
of their populace. What group of 
countries buck this trend , and which 
one has seen life expectancy fall by 
more than three years? 

9) Who is Bob Hawke and what is it 
that makes him somewhat of an unusual 
bird? 

10) What is the northern portion of 
Chad now called? ' 

11) What country in Africa has a 
border problem similar to the US's 
where blacks are flocking across in 
search of better living conditions? 

12) Where is Ravenscraig and how 
might it playa role in making the steel 
industry more like other metals 
industries? What trend has taken place 
in the steel industry in the past decade? 
What role have banks and the 1M F 
played in creating a siruation where 
there are now impending trade 
restrictions des.igned to prevent 
dumping of steel by developing 
countries? 

13) Deaths at the hands of IRA 
terrorists have decreased d ramaticaDy in 
recent years. At the same time, another 
statistic has increased and shown a 
close relationship in the drop in deaths. 
What is this other sratistic, and what 
recent event may (if this causal 
relationship is taken literaDy) cause a 
new spurt of terrorist activitiy resulting 
in more deaths? 

14) Why may dentists' drills soon 
become unnecessary except in unusual 
cases? 

Marlena Ubman, Admissions Coordinator at the Graduate School of 
Business Administration, University of Southern California, will be on 

campus at the MBA/Grad Day October 10, 1983 to talk about programs 
at the GSBA 

For schedule and location information, please contact · 
Career Planning and Placement 



Emergency clinics offer quick, low,cost 
medical care. 

Hospital emergency rooms offer the 
quality and security of a hospital medical staff. 

But now you don't have to choose be-
tween them. 

IntrodUcing Medistat rM. We're different . 
from both emergency clinics and other hospi, 
tal emergency rooms ... in some important ways. 

11m ~ behinl~oo. 
Medistat is the 

minor emergency· 
service in Mission 
Bay Hospital. In . 
fact, the hospital is 
right down the hall. 
An emergency de, 
partment physician 
will treat your 
problem, so you are 

assured of getting excellent medical care. 
And, if it turns out you need a hospital, you're 
already there. 

With emergency clinics, you'd have to go 
to a hospital located somewhere else. 

Because that's when minor emergencies 
happen. Just walk in anytime, without 
an appointment. You'll be treated 
promptly and courteously at Medistat. 

Yu'llalso betrea'e(hwn~~ D1I. 
When payment is made by cash, 

check or major credit card at time of service, 
charges are comparable to those you'd pay at 
an emergency clinic. But at Medistat you're 
getting hospital quality medical care. 

So when you ~ve a minor emergency, 
.-------.0-,' \ think ofMedistat at 

t 
N 

. Mission Bay Hos, 
~~pi tal. We're the 

minor emergency 
service with some 

major differences. 

MeDl~ffi\uTM 
A --voncv seMCe 0/". 

Mission Bay Hospital,3030 Bunker Hill St. 
San Diego, CA 92109 (619) 174-7721 

NOTICE 
ONLY 15¢ PER COpy! 
MONEY 

SPORTS 
LIFE 

FOR DETAILS, LOOK 
AT CLASSIFIEDS 

Student Photo I.D.· Cards 
This is a remin~er t~ ~ll ~tudents that you will need to have your 

permanent ph~to-ldentlflcatlOn card before beginning Winter Quarter, 
1984. Con~ement hours (8:30 am to 4:00 pm) are being observed now 

through Fnday, October 14. The production unit is located in Quonset 
324, Warren Campus, (on Russell Drive, east of the Cashier's Office). 
Your completed a~plication and your validated "registration ID card" 

are all that IS needed to obtain your permanent photo-IDe 

./ 

UCSD Health Center ... 
In a sta·te of chaos and tunnoil 
By PHIL WIllON 

A time of change has dawned upon the UCSD Health Cemer, which appears to be in for more 
than it bargained for. The numerous state budget CUts 
Ihat have been plaguing the UC system reduce the 
funding of the UC studem health centers and 
consequently jeopardize the quality of their programs. 
This comes after a recommendation made earlier this 
year by legislative analyst William Hamm to no longer 
have studem registration fees cover the costs of student 
health services, which imroduces the possibiliry of 
studems having to bring up the finanCial slack, another 
blow to students' rapIdly thinning waDets. 

A second change was the retirement of UCSD Health 
Center Director Dr. Roben Allen after 14 years of 
service, which was unexpected by some of his staff. His 
superior, Dr. John Giebink (assistant vice chanceDor and 
director of Counseling and Psychological Services), has 
been forced to fill in until a replacement can be found , 
a process Ihal could take over a year. 

Agreeing that the UC student care services should be 
stucfied, the California State legislature has asked the 
Board of Regents to organize a repon that, "ShaD 
include, but nOI be limited to, an evaluation of funding 
student health services through auxiliary organizations." 
An auxiliary organization is one in which a student pays 
for a service only if he uses it, as if it were from an 
outside business. 

Under UCSD's present pro~rn every student 
contributes to the Health Center by way of his or her 
registration fees and receives medical care at nominal 
cost. Hamm explains that while his alternatives might 
increase the cost of services offered at the Health 
Center, it would allow students already covered by 
outside insurance or medical programs 10 take 
advantage of thoSe and nOl have to pay extra for 
services they can do without. 

"The UC system does nOl want this to happen," said 
UCSD Registration Fee Chairman Gerri Hatten. This is 
true even though the large amount of money saved 
could be funneled into other needy programs. 

Ad Brugger, who is directing the Regents' report, 
insisted that the only purpose of the study is 10 dIscover 
what other options exist in the funding of the UC 
health centers. The present system will be reviewed, and 
if there is a favorable alternative it will be reported to 
the Legislature. Brugger would not comment on the 
alternatives to be considered but stated that the 
opinions of those currently involved with the health 
center WIll be taken Into account. 

The possible changes that could be made are nOl to 
be taken lightly, according to one doctor, who warned, 
"This could be the end of the Health Center." 

Acting Health Center Director Giebink claims, "The 
study isn't going to hurt anybody." But later, former 
Temporary Director Dr. Daigneault cautioned, "Health 

La Jolla Vi/lase Convenience Center 
Next to Ralphs and Sav-On 

457-3334 

centers as we know them might nOl exist: increased so did the need for chang~ . 
The first change came laS! month with the retirement 

of Direclor Dr. Roben Allen. "He was nO! pleased with 
the direction the Health Center was going, .. said 
Hatten. Many of his co-workers found It increasingly 
difficult to work with him and felt he was giving litde 
support to their student health programs. 

A preliminary repon on the matter will be submitted 
to the Legislature on December 1 and could affect the 
health centers as early as the 1984-85 academic year. 
Such a change in policy could be a severe blow to our 
already ailing Health Center. 

During the past few years, the 
quality of the Center has been 
steadily going downhill. 

Dr. Daigneault became lemporary director last year 
(when Dr. Allen took a six-month sabbatical) and began 
to take charge. He became a member of the Student 
Health AdviSOry Committee to learn the opinions of 
both students and faculty and also initiated monthly 
staff meelings. "My way of dealing with people and his 
are different," Daigneaull explained . 

Student complaints of limited office hours urged 
Daigneault 10 experiment with increased hours. As a 
result, the Health Center will be open during the lunch 
hour this year. The need to stay open past 4:JO was 
deemed unnecessary because of low usage, and the 
possibility of an aD-night staff is out of the realm of 
their budget. If emergency medical care is necessary 
past hours, students are advised to go to the emergency 
room at Scripps Memorial Hospital , in which case 

During the past few years, the quality of the UCSD 
Health Center has been steadily going downhill . With a 
limited budget, there has been little iI any increase in 
the amount of money aDocated 10 the center, and the 
size of its staff remains constant as the student 
population increases. But the internal problems are 
hurting the mOSl, and as the student complaints tum to 10 

rtour first test!) 
The Longest-Lasting, Most-Appetizing Treat 

8ueIIIon: WHICH COSTS MORE? 
o TWO DORM-SIZE PIZZAS 
o FOUR 6-PACKS 
o SOUTHWESTERN CABLE TV A MONTH. 

AMwer: They all cost about the same. $n.66 a month. That's the 
Southwestern Cable TV surprlsel Crystal clear reception of 
SarI DIego and Los Angeles stations. ESPN, MTV, and many 
more specialty services. And. the option to cx:Id Home Box 
OffIce and stereo service (a must for MTVI) 
If you passed the test - congratulatlonsl Cal usIlf not. cal 
us anyway, We beleve In second chances. 

69I-S220 
You'. be starti'lg the school year off smartt 

................................................................................. 

• 

Southwesteln Cable TV 
You'. Be SUrprised At What You See! 

· 50% OIIlnstaIallonl 
695-3220 

• Offer expires Oc !aber 15 
Good In serviceable areas 
oriv. primary outlet oriv. 



.. 

Pull .Your Heads Out! 
Apply for Committee Positions. 

Committee for Institutional Self-study & Evaluation . 
Enrollment projecdons review committee. 
Lobby Annex Director. 
Media Policy Committee. 
Student Center Board . 
Student Health Advisory. 

Contact MaTc Boroditsky at 452-4450 or 
come by A.S. Office &: fill out an application. 

Student Representation is an adventure!!! 

The Philippine People's Struggle 
Today: Impact of Aquino's Murder 

ThIWsday, October 13 7 -10 p.m. 
UCSD International Center 

ALLIANCE Fe.! Soc iAL .AJsrICE Speakers IN TI£ PHILIPPINES 
IXll PILl PI NO AweRI CAN PuINlCE Slide show "VISITII(; WITH TI£ tn" 

BY REESE ERLIOi 

Cultural presentations 
child care provided 

Sro-I~ BY 

I \/~" \ c:'f ~, I 
' ...... iii, : 
'. I 

I 

r 

UCSD Asian Pacific Student Alliance 
& East Wind magazine 

Attention Warren Students 
Warren College Student Government is accepting applications for: 

urer Board Chairperson ; 4C (Campus Committee for Cultural Concern ) 
Chairperson ; tvtAP (Media, Arts & Promotions) Chairperson and aU boards 
need members. 

Applicati ons are available in the Warren Provost Office or a message may 
be left for Steve Stoller or Jennifer Healy a! x47J1. 

Off-Shore Oil Drilling 
An update and discussion on Off-shore oil drilling and also details for a 

day hike in the Laguna Mountains this Saturday will be offered at the 
Friends of the Sierra Club Meeti ng Thursd ay at 7 p.m. in the North 
Conference Room . 

Happy Birthday Geigs 

Breokfas+ served B-Il AM Mon - Fri. 
Lunch, Dif\f'\e.r f Sno.cks '.hi 7PM F,...i +,!: PM 

Live Mus;c ~on o.ndot~ 
f-+\rouqh ou+ 

C\ -' , I the dd.'{s . o.SSiCA \, To.:z."Z- I-?OO-) etc.. . ,p 
I I ,~" 

Spec.i.' Events: 
Tues.Oct.llE7:30PM SLIDE S~O\,/. 

""Do\\~rc.. ~nd Dic:t-a.-tors" ~ story 
,. of Ce.,,-\-{'~\ ~Yl'\e.{"ic.o.. . t="o\\owed b~Di~. 
W"ed. Oct. \"1. 5-7PM ''All YOU CAN [~'I " 

Ch',\i. Spuds o.nd so.\o.d . JU$t13.o0 
Shc.K o,C"ou."c\ +0(' Opa" -Poetry Reodi""j . 

.$0+.0c.+.15 DANCE -b +'na live ~uliic. o~ 
'Born C .... oss- E)'ed 9:00 PM 

For- more i","o . ca.\\ CHE C.AI=\;. 4 ,:>z.-B\\ 

The Calendars are Coming!!! 
Yes that's right folks, the AS. has finally decided to capitalize on that 

great idea that everybody has been talking about for years. We are 
prodUCing two calendars to be out before Christmas that will feature the 
men and women of UCSD. 

And You Can Be In It! 
Yes , that's right too. If you are a UCSD student and you are interested in 

being in either the "Men of UCSD" or the "Women of UCSD" calendars 
please do one of the following things: a) go to our table we will have i~ 
Revelle this Friday and submit an application . b) Submit an application to 
our committee one week from Thursday between 6 and 8 pm in the AS 
conference room. (Your chances are best this way.) c) Contact one of the 
follOwing people: Greg Ricks or Daphne CiJstillo or any member of you AS. 
council. (x4450). 

We need your support! What do you have to lose? You could be famous. 
This could be your chance to be discovered . Tell your friends. They'll make 
great gilts for mom. 

Hypnotist comes to UCSD 
The Amazing Dr. Dean will amaze , amuse and enteltilin you this Tuesday at 
8:30 p.m. In the Revelle Cafeteria. Tickets are $3 in advance and $450 at 
the door. This performance IS presented by S.E.E.D. 

Israel Action Committee 
The Israel Action Committee will hold a meeting Tuesday at 5:30 p.m. 111 

the Revelle Formal Lounge. The to pic tis week: The basic politi cal structure 
l)f b l·ae!' For more informallon call 452·361 6. 

Birdcage 
Review 

----Entry Form ----
1. Use one entry form per entry set. 
2. Submit five clean copies of your entry. 
3. Your name should not appear anywhere on 
your entry. 
4. All entries must be typed. All entries except 
poems must be double-spaced. 
5. Pleue fill out the information requested INlow 
completely and accurately and attach this 
whole form to your entry set. 
6. Place your completed entries in the boxes provided at 
the fOliowinJ locations: Departments of Literature 
(H"SS "N' and TCHB 1111). Visual Arts. 
Communications. Drama. and \-Iusie; and the Re\';e\, 
omce in the Student Center(Room 2n4. upstairs nut to 
the Computer Co-op) 
Deadline for entries: Friday of third week. 
Name __________ ~----------------------Addreu ______________________________ _ 

Student to. ______ .,...._ Level ___________ _ 
Phone ________ __ ~fajor ______________ _ 
Entn Catelor" ______ _ Qua~r ___________ _ 

Do you want: 
• To take charge of your life? 
• A career in management? 
• To own your own business? 
• To run your own me_d.ical pra~;ce? 

come hear 

John Kuhl 
Vice-President of the Sanyo Corporation 

HOWTOBEA 
MANAGER 

Wednesday, October 12th, 7:00 pm 
. Revelle Formal lounge 

sponsored by 

Society for Advancement of Management 
for more information call 452-4SAM 

A.S. Internship Office Needs You! 
If you are interested in: a fun work environment, exposure to the job 

market , learning business skills and developing a rapport with 
professionals throughout [he country you should join the Volunteer Staff for 
1983-84 A.S. Internship Office. 

There will be a staff orientation meeting Wednesday at 7 p.m. at A.S.l.O. 
located upstairs in the student center above the gameroom. For more 
information call 452-4689. 

lHt ptnQUln 
filM Ultl)' 

presents 

THE MALTESE FALCON 
October 13, Thursday, 8 p.m. 

USB 2722, $1.00 . 
L Tickets at the UCSD Box Office. 452-4559 _--, 
Lesbian and Gay Forum 

The Lesbian and Gay Organization (LAGO) presents and open forum for 
the discussion of gay and lesbian issues . 

This Gay Awareness Project is deSigned not only to assist UCSD's gay 
community. but to inform non-gay students as well . A panel of LAGO 
members will lead a discussion of gay lifestyles, lesbian separatism, AID , 
political issues, sexuality, etc . 

The forum WIll be held Tuesday at 7 pm and is open to the public. For 
location call 452-6969 or student center room 205 . 

Attention Pre-Dental Students 
The first Pre -Dental Association meetingof this academic year plus Mark 

A. Hunt, Pre-Dental coordinator at the UCLA School of Dentistry will spe"k 
about a spec ial denture course at UCSD. For information on speCi., I 
programs and lectures come Wednesday at 3 :30 in the Revelle Form,l ~ 
Lounge. 

The Sky's Not the Limit! 
Learn more about Engineering, Join the A.IAA. (American Institute of 

Aeronautics and Astronautics) Your link to the professional world of 
engineering and computer science. 

The first meeting is Thursday· . Elections will be held for 1983-84 officers 
_ your chance to be a leader! All are welcome to join in , check it out! 

, ~~ weekly C" lcnd.lr In lh~ Guard'.11 or poSlt-d n)'ers for time .nd place 

Circle K Service Club 
Circle K, a service club sponsored by Kiwanis, will have its next meeting 

Tuesday at 7 p .m. in the North Conference Room. Get involved in 
community and campus while meeting new friends. Refreshments 
provided. 

Outing Club Meeting 
The Outing Club will hold its backpacking equipment workshop 

Tuesday at 6:30 pm in the Rec. Conference Room. Everyone is welcome. 
Also plan for trip to Mt. SanJacinto October 22 and 23. Come to the meeting 
to sign up. 



10 October 10, 1983 

Japanese educators 
tour UCSD 

By DENA ROSEN 
One of four seleCted American universities, UCSD was 

visited by members of the Japan Association of Private 
Colleges and Universities on September 29 and 30 as 
part of their world tour of "innovative college campuses." 
UCSD Extension hosted the event. 

This is the seventh year that the delegates, primarily 
admtnistrators in Japan , have studied different 
Universities, this year In luding Berkeley, Princeton and 
Duke University . UC D's unique college system, large 
research budget, admiSSion procedures and ExtenSion 
programs brought the Japanese delegates here . 

Through walking tours and presentations by various 
officials the group gained an understanding of UC D. 

.. Michael Addison , provost of Warren College, began the 
orientation by explaining the college system to the 
group, which apparently had some initial difficulty in 
understanding a system based on educational 
philosophy rather than field of study. 

Acording to Karen Lockwood, director of the 
Inte rnational Program of UCSD Extension, the delegates 
were "dazzled by the research budget· allotted to UCSD 
by the Federal government, which is the fourth highest 
In the coumry. ThiS no doubt piqued the interest of the 
AsSOCiatiOn , which aims ro expand their role in the 
research field and says that "their main objective is the 
qualitative improvement o f education and research at 
the private institutions." 

Ronald J Bowker, director of admissions and 
registra tion , said that admiSSIOn reqUirements and how 
we determine eligibility were of special concern to the 
group. "The group understood the purpose of high 
school transcripts in determining eligibility, but the idea 
of using testing agencies and coDege boards (SATs and 
ACTs) in the admiSSIOns process intrigued them ." 

The delegates wanted more information about the 
Significance of test scores in the- admissions process 
and addresses of the testing agencies. Bowker also 
mentions that the use of computers in the admissions 

process stirred the delegates' interest. 
A brief meeting with Mayor Roger Hedgecock and a 

tour of Scripps were on the agenda for the second day, 
along with an explanation of UCSD Extension. A 
representative for the group, Tokuhiro Miura , wrote a 
lettef to UCSD Extension stating, "We are just starting 
seriously the programs for continuing education in our 
member institutions in Japan ." 

I he UL U program IS completely sell suporting and 
interested the group representing economically pressed 
institutions which are seeking increased financial aid 
from the Japanese government. 

The Association's c hoice of UCSD is a souree of pride 
among administrators involved with the event. "For the 
Association to send delegates here to learn something is 
a tribute to this institution," says Bowker. "The group 
only visited two public institutions, and being one of 
them says something." 

The Japanese visit to UCSD "helped establish our own 
identity separate from Berkeley or Los Angeles," 
Lockwood states. These two larger, older schools are 
renowned internationaDy, but as a relatively young 
institution, UCSD has not had the chance to develop 
that kind of prestige on a world-wide level. "This is a 
prestigious group, and UCSD gained world recognition 
by having them viSit," says Lockwood . 

The trip was considered a success. "I thmk it went 
beautifuUy. They were an excellent group," says Bowker. 
"They were appreciative, polite and interested in 
anything you have to say." As part of the host 
org'mization, Lockwood concurs with the positive 
f"ding rowards the event. "We love hosting international 
ViSitOrs and shOWing people how beauriful the campus, 
resources and surrounding area around San Diego are." 

The general sentirnent is that the visit was a 
worthwhile one, both for the delegan:s, who 
accumulated ideas and information from our campus, 
and for UCSD, which gained prestige and mternational 

reCl1~llition as a result. 

Health Center 
continued from 7 
expenses will be covered by the Health Center. 

At the urging of Daigneault, the Student Health 
Education Program is receiving funds for a women's 
clinic coordinator, a posilion thai will allow more 
services to be available specificaDy 10 women. 

"I was doing ~ings I fell good about," Daigneaull said. 
Dr. Allen returned from his sabbatical last May only to 

leave for good three months later. 
The search for a new director wiD not begin until 

early in 1984. At that time a standard search committee 
made up of students, faculty and staff will begin to 
review possible candidates. Dr. Howell , the director of 
the Student Health Advisory Commiuce, said that what 
they are looking for is a person who can fulfill the 
students' needs under current budget restraints. "Right 
now: she said, "the job is up for grabs." 

Although he has only been there a month, Acting 
Director Giebink has the Health Center running 
smoothly once again. Right now he is mainly following 
the trail blazed by Dr. Daigneault but is also carrying out 
his own ideas. Staff meetings are now held every two 
weeks and subcommittees are being formed to discuss 
various programs. 

Giebink's other major responsibilities have caused 
one employee to say that "his other duties take 
precedent over the Health Center." Giebink 
acknowledged that wearing three hats iS la difficult task 
but insisted that he feels he is doing a more than 
adequate job. 

One of the first issues Giebink had to face was 
student anger after many were denied treatment 
between the Summer Session and the fall Quarter. The 
Health Center was in operation but refused to see any 
unregistered student, which was practically everybody as 
classes were not in session. Giebink said mat policy has 
since been changed, and now aD continuing students 
are eligible to use the Health Center during all vacations 
and summer breaks. 

The possibility of using some of the UCSD Mediqal 
School faculty as consultants was also mentioned. This 
way the Health Center can take advantage of the rich 
bank of medical knowledge that has been on its 
doorstep all along. 

The future of the Health Center is stiU very much up 
in the air. Students should be prepared for even more 
changes in the future. 

Attention Student Organizations: 
It's time to re-register that Student Organization. The deadline for re-registering is 

TODAY!! 

MONEY! MONEY! MONEY! MONEY! 

Student Organizations!!! 
n========Budgetary Schedule for this year:'=====~ 

Wednesday, October 12 
Monday, October 17 
Tuesday, October 18 
Wednesday, October 19 

Budget Workshop, 5-6 pm Multi-Purpose Room 
Hearings 9-12/1-5 pm Multi-Purpose Room 
Hearings 4:30-9pm Multi-Purpose Room 
Hearings 9-12/1-5pm Multi-Purpose Room 

Deadline for Budget Requests is 
FF==== October 19th, - 3:00 pm ... NO EXCEPTIONS.======='R 

Budget Decisions Posted _________________ October 21 
Appeals ______________ October 24-25 (Time to be posted) 

Final Budget Decisions Posted October 28 Late Afternoon 

Death of the Spirit of California 
By THOMAS RANKIN 

The Spirit oj California moaned in the 
smokey half-light of the Los Angeles 
Amtrak station , patiently awaiting its 
departure on the all-n1~ht run to 
Oakland and points east. This run was 
unlike any that had preceded it by 
virtue ot the fact that none would follow. 
Not ever. The Spirit of California was 
dying, and I was going along for the 
ride, one of a handful of train 
aficionados and curious travelers who 
shuffied between the blazing pools of 
light that dotted the ~aren concrete 
platform. 

Chalie Krueger, the Spirit's engineer, 
stood with me beside the two hulking 
engines for a few minutes talking about 
the future of the train . This run would 
be his last as well. When he learned of 
the demise of the Spirit he decided to 
cash in his seniority and retire to his 
home in Fountain Va Dey. As we spoke, 
a young boy materialized and held out a 
white shoebox tied with string. His 
father sidled up behind him and smiled 
weakly at Krueger. 

' We were here last week, and my boy 
wanted to bring you these cookies: the 
man said. He gestured hoptlessly at the 
dying Spirit, mumbled a few more words , 
and disappeared with his son back into , 
the gloom. "That was nice," Krueger said 
as he sat the box down on a nearby 
can. We talked for a few more minutes, 
but as departure time drew nearer I left 
him to his work and moved back 
towards my coach, 5hullltng past the 
porters and conductors who were 
preparing the Spirit for its departure. 

• 
Inside the coach I found the aisle 

blocked by a news team from Channel 
11. The reporter was bent over a row of 
seats firing questions at an elderly 
woman who was clearly dazzled by the 
lights and commotion. 

"Are you going to miss the Spirit of 
California? What are your feelings on 
this last trip? Do you think the 
government should keep the trains 
alive?· 

As I wormed among the crew I said, 
"You should go talk to Charlie Krueger, 
he's the engineer.· 

The reporter turned on me abruptly. 
"Krueger? Where is her 

·Up front." 
The reporter turned back to his 

camera man. ·Let's move." They were 
out the door in seconds, jostling 
towards the front of the train. The 
brilliant lights they earned slashed 
through the night, occasionaDy probing 
into the interior of th'e car as they ran 
along, the Electronic Gestapo coyering 
the story in the fiscal war zone of 
California. 

As I settled into my seat, I picked up 

snatches of conversation behind me. It 
was the elderly woman I had seen 
before talking to the newsman, now 
conversing with a man across the ais le . 

"This train was pr.lCllcally empty when 
I came down:' she 5.1id, and the two of 
them began trading stories and feelings 
about the train . "WeD, there's so much 
space to move around in ... and I go to 
Tahoe, you know, Reno, a lot, and it's so 
beautiful going up there ... well , there's no 
hijackers on the train either...it's 
comfortable ... 1 don't like to ride in those 
planes .. ,," 

My biggest surprise of the night was 
the discovery that the train was 
comfortable. It was clean, modern, and 
for one used to the confines of an 
airplane , incredibly spacious. It was also 
expensive; a one-way ticket from Del 
Mar to LA, then LA to Oakland, running 
$65.00, while plane fare back home on 
Southwest Airlines was only $39.95. For 
this trip, however, the extra cost was 
worthwhile . Everybody should try the 
train at least once before, like the Spint, 
he dies. 

• 
The Spirit rolled out of LA on time, 

and we began snaking our way paraDel 
to the coast through Oxnard and Santa 
Barbara, the view through the windows 
a blur of city lights and flashing crossing 
Signals. Inside the Sr.irit's lounge car, the 
mood was unnaturally subdued. Men 
and women (but mostly men) JIlt 
around the smaB tables 'l'CgaBng orle 
another with train stories and their pet 
theories on the demise of the passenger 
train. Not surprisinJdy, the majority were 
hard-core train freaks. Some were 
wearing T-shirts from this or that train 
museum; aU of them were unhappy with 
Governor Deukmejian's decision to cut 
off the unprofitable Spirit in mid-flight. 
Sacramento subsidizes passenger routes 
in the state, something that has become 
increasingly difficult in the face of the 
deficit and the economy. What is galling 
to Amtrak employees, however, is the 
fact that Amtrak has shown an "overage" 
of $4 million this year, yet the governor 
still went ahead with plans to cut back 
on service at the expense of jobs. 

This brought home to me an 
interesting observation . As I have talked 
to Uni~ersity of California 
administrators and staff, they have 
expressed bitterness at Deukmejian's 
"obvious· hostility towards UC and 
accuse him of singling them out for 
attack. Many of the people I spoke to on 
the train voice the same feelings toward 
the governor, leading one to suspeCt 
that we have an exceptionally sadistic 
administration or that the state is in 
worse financial shape than we would 
like [0 think. 

The Professional School 
1(1" HWlI(l/III/1< SIlj(iI~, 

A Graduate School of 
Professional Psychology 

Harold Glce~w(1ld, PhD., President 
Invites inquines from mature profeSSionals Jor a rigorous, Innovative graduate program 

offering M.A. and Ph.D. degrees In COUNSELING PSYCHOLOGY Our graduates qualify 
Jor licensing in the State oj California, barh a) PSYCHOLOGI TS andl or as Marriage , 
Family and Child Therap,)ts. 

A distingUished faculty oj experienced psycholOgists offer classes specifically designed for 
working professional . Classes are held in the evening~ and on wtekcnds throughout 
California and special Jonnats have been Sit up to accommodute out-o}-statc students. 
Recent Jaculty lectures have mduded such recognized authon/le~ as Gcorxe Bach, Albert 
Ellis, Nathantel Brandon , Erv and Mtnam Polster and Zerfw Moreno . 

For Jurther inJorntatlOn call 01 write to' The Projmional School, 2425 SarI DICJ~o Ave., 
San Diego, Ca . 92110, (619) 296·4'172 (Lear ning centers 10((ltcd rlllougllOul CCl/l/orrJItl). 

Charlie Krueger; vanishing with the Spirit of California. 

• 
On..board ~ Spirit of CAlifornia, 
howe~r, the black-and.wlfiie rtasdns 
for the train's demise were moot. 
Sentimental passengers were particularly 
;addened, but the affair was a bad 
omen for passenger trains as a whole 
and this depressed evetyone. Up at the 
bar, one woman bitterly attacked my 
position that the Spirit often ran empty 
and was a financial drain on state 
coffers. "Bullshit," she said. just wait 
until the OlympiCS next year. Then 
they're going to need this train, and it's 
gonna be gone: She then disappeared, 
drink in hand. 

As the night wore on, the lounge 
began emptying out. I soon found 
myself engaged in a lengthy 
conversation with two men whom, for 
their own protection I will can simply 
Bob and Doug. They sat munching 
mic:mwave popcorn (evetything on the 
train was either out of a can or fresh 
from the microwave), trying [0 help me 
put the monstrous proportions of this 
s[Ory in perspective, and Doug had 
some very interesting ideas. 

It is his contention that when the 
Federal government took over rail 
service in the early 1970's and formed 
Amtrak, the idea was to execute a 
controlled, orderly elimination of 
passenger rail service. Unfortunately, the 

improved service of the subsidized 
trains created a new interest in train 
travel , and this has put the government 
in an uncomfortable bind. 

Instead of being able to stop service 
one route at a time, the Feds are now 
faced with dozens of routes that are not 
popular enough to pull a profit, but still 
carry enough traffic to keep them safe 
from the cutters' scythe. Many of the 
cars Amtrak now uses are holdovers 
from decades past that have been 
retrofitted with modern equipment al 
great cost and represent enormous 
capital investments that must be fully 
used up before they can be laid to rest 
(the Spirit wiD be dismembered instead 
of simply discarded; its various 
components are to be used on different 
routes by different trains). 

One of the mOSt disappointing things 
about modern train travel is the 
disappearance of the bubble-topped 
observation cars . They proved too 
expensive to air-condition and heat 
with aU that glass, so they were retired 
from service and sold either t<1 private 
individuals or for scrap. Surprisingly, the 
Spirit was puDing an observation car on 
its final run, but it was privately owned. 
I tried to sneak in several times, but was 
stopped by security people lurking in 
the shadows. 

turn to 14 

LlJOlLI 
CDl',i. 
CGIIUT 

PRECISION 
HAIRCUTS 

for men & women 
Wit. t.i. cOllpon only. 

Offer expire. 10/17/8.1, 

737 Pearl 456-1170 
La Jolla 456-1815 

---------------'T---------...J..--....I.----~ $10 PRECISION: PERM $29.50 HAIRCUT I Long Hair Extra. 
for men &: women :---------------------
Shampoo, condition , cut. 

(Blowdry nol oncluded.) 
: MANICURE $5 



.. 

Tom Serum 

Keeping 
the 

Peace 
1 am not always kind to my friends . I often find myself cri ticiZing them for the 

things they say or do. For some reason I feel obliged to play the role of their 
impartial observer and inform them of thelf annoying habits. I do this with the 
hope of making our lives together run more smoothly. All it really ends up doing 
is causing ill will between us. 

I also notice Similar confrontations m my own head. Only m tead of me 
raggmg on others, I tum the abuse on myself. It's as if there are two "mes" 
batding it oUI. One me points OUt my shortcomi ngs while the second me speaks 
in my defense. These squabbles do nOlhing to improve my happmess. They leave 
me JUSt as disturbed as the arguments I have wuh my friends . 

I'm sure the twO voices in my mind do battle with the intention of resolving 
my problems, but usually the skirmishes only make matters worse. For instance, 
the other night I was out with a woman whom I had known for JUSt a short time. 
I was nervous and anxious to make a good Impression. As we talked over dinner, 
the voices clamored. One would tell me that I was 100 tense ,; the other would try 
to convince me that I .... '<IS relaxed I could n't respond intelligently 10 much of 
what this woman said because I couldn't even hear her. All I heard was my own 
mental banter. I grew increasmgly tense wuh every awkward silence. So you see, 
fighting my nervousness did nOl help me 10 be more at ease. It only brought me 
an uncomfortable evemng and an Ifwblhty to digest my chile relleno. 

I have found thal fighting oneself and others is a poor way 10 try 10 lead a 
happy life. There IS a better road 10 take. 

The besl way to mmllnize trouble IS Simply not to add to it. There can only be 
so much conni t In the world . The less we create, the less there wiU be I believe 
thiS , so I tl)' nor to make trouble. I tl)' to be understandmg of human fa llll1gs and 
not blame mdh'lduals for them (although certain fnends would argue my success 
In thiS). I fail , however, 10 extend thiS same ompassion to myself 1 rarely 
hesllate 10 put myself down for falling short of whal I want to be . 

I am part of humanity, so there's no reason to separate myself from It. If I 
know u's nght to be tolerant of my fellow humans, I should also be tolerant of 
Tom rum . On the few occasIOns when I remember this , my life rolls along 
quile pleasantly. I still encounter difficulties , but no new tunnOiI is made by 
harmful confrontations. 

It doesn't mailer [hat my mind likes to cause dlscoment by hassling me wuh 
my failmgs. It's foolish to compound my problems b)' causing harm of any kind . 
I don't want 10 fight With anybody anymore , mcludmg myself. All I want IS to 
keep che pea e. 

EVERYONE IS PICKING UP 
ON PILOT PENS 

WATCH OUT FOR 
THE STUDY HALL SNATCHERS 

They know that 
the 89 ~ extra fine 
Pilot Razor Point 
marker pen writes 
as smooth as silk. 
And the custom-fit 
metal collar helps 
keep that pDinl 
extra fine page 
aher page. When 
it comes 10 a 
Razor Point, it's 
love at first write. 

..... -
.... , ... , 

[PILOT] 
cSo~".d'fbearfM:c~ 

Notlonol Sponsof of MOA I Jerry le ..... ls relethon 

Available at the Bookstore 
L.J c:: Si [::J 

Hours 
Mon,-Fri. 8-4:45 

Sat, 10-4 

Profs leaving UCSD 
for better jobs 
By BONNY M. BENNETT 

Biological research in past years 
offered many opponunities for dISCOvery 
and advancement for those who entered 
its realm. The excitement of revelation 
afler grueling hours of tedious testing 
fueled the fire of persistence among the 
colleagues of the scientific world. 

This excitement is nOl due exclusively 
to the discovery itself. The intellectual 
exchange of ideas and creative 
procedures to substantiate a thesis 
develops a kindred spirit among these 
crusaders. To seek the truth in the 
:nidst of deception , to expose the real 
from the iUusory, are the principal aims 
of the scientist Each new discovery 
unfolds the concept of life and provides 
new unknowns. This continuous 
treadmill is the lifeblood of the 
researcher. 

Many academic researchers today, 
however, are exhibiting an anemic 
response to their own profession. There 
is an apparent discontent over the slow 
shift research has taken in the past 
twenty years. 

What ,are these researchers feeling 
that promotes this discontent? Why are 
many of these SCientists considenng 
leaving academic research altogether? Is 
this unhappiness reconCilable? 

These questions have been the source 
of much uneasiness m the heartS of 
many of our own SCientists. In the past 
year alone, UCSD has lost three top-
notch researchers from the ranks of its 

Biology and Chemistry departments. 
Dr. John N. Abelson, associate 

professor of chemistry, was a faculty 
member for about fifteen years and was 
working on the structure and function 
of nucleic acids, 

Dr. Gordon H. Sato was a professor of 
biology at UCSD for more than ten 
years. He was developing a hormone-
dependent ceU culture rype which would 
more closely duplicate the reactions of 
cells in a living animal. 

Dr. Melvin I. Simon, professor of 
biology, was a researcher at UCSD for 
more than twenty years. Dr. Simon was 
involved with the mechanism of 
subcellular organeUe assembly. 

The reasons for their leaving seem to 
be based on economics, time, 
competition and respect for their 
pOSition. 

Twenty years ago, a well-educated, 
ambitious scientist could obtain grants 
for his research with relative ease. He 
could submit one grant proposal and 
receive the funds and freedom 10 do a 
number of projects. He nurtured his 
quest for truth: his lab employ was 
stable. 

Nowadays the scene IS vastly 
different. A grant proposal , no light 
manuscript, must be submitted for each 
intended project. This requires writing 
time, gathering substantial data, and 
extra money to obtain the data . Thus 

turn to 14 

===--;;-;;----------------, 

• 
• 

'Il1011-.1 ,..... ....... -..,...... • ........ II 
...- ........... ' .... - ................. . 

Of a ... NOW AVMMLl POll POMCIN InIDI!INT8 
..................... 

...... _-- .. 
GRADUATES ARE EUGIILE FOR ICFMG 

CERTIFICATION EXAM IN THE U.s. 

• I 
• 

• • ••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• ••••••••••••• •• • 

COPY COVE 
of La Jolla 

1St. DISCOUNT with this ad • 
UCSD I.D. un"' 10-31-83. 

Speclallata In thesla reproduction. 
iii Xerox copies. reductions, enlargements 
iii Full color xerox copies 
!iI Full binding service, hard & soft cover 
iii Stationers supplies, typing 

Volunteers Needed 
for Acne Study 

Division of Dermatology 
School of Medicine 

Twelve week study involves daily application of 
lotion to skin and monthly visits for evaluation. 

Volunteers are paid $50.00 for participation in study. 
If in erested call .52-.955 

or .52.-68.7 and leave name and phone number. 

October 10, 1983 13 
PI R<"1'1 ( f!\ 1<., 

Professions 

Mark Gittelsohn: Librarian Extraordinaire 
By JAMES RALPH PAPP 

Marc Gittelsohn's career, not only to 
his benefit, has brought him to UCSD as 
head of the Cluster Undergraduate 
Library. As an undergraduate and 
graduate he studied US history, but 
because as a heavy library user he was 
intrigued by the life inside libraries, 
instead of specializing, when he 
graduated he branched out into t\'try 
field by becoming a librarian. In 1956 
he got a job where he had been a 
student, UC Berkeley, and he stayed 
there until he came to UCSD in 1971. 

For a librarian, 30 years in one job 
and employed by one university is not 
so long as it 'Seems, because he can 
move among campuses in the university, 
from one library to another on campus 
and change jobs within the library. 
Giuelsohn has done all of that in his 
career. UCSD has four libraries and 
Berkeley many more than that, and the 
tasks within them include, among 
others, administration, desk reference 
and technical acquisition. 

For Giuelsohn the primary attraction 
of being an academic librarian is nying 
to meet the needs of the users within 
the limited resources (which, money-
wise are becoming increasingly limited). 
Cluster Library adds about 3500 books 
to its collection every year. The 
acqUiSition staff has to decide which 
books are appropriate for an 
undergraduate library (in studies, that is: 
they'll give you Lady Chatterley's Lover) 
and, since Cluster is a duplicate library, 
which are worth duphcating in UCSD's 

Caruso 

With the Latest Education 
from Sasson, Sebastion, & 

Toni & Guy ... 
Let Us Design 

A Style For 
YOU I 

Ask for 
Michael, Marlo or Julie 
We also speak French & Spanish 
Arlf nme u 
Women ... $15,oo (Reg, $25.00) 
Men ... S12,OO (Reg, $20.00) 

collection. Because the acquisition staff 
is in hourly contact with students, 
answering reference questions, they are 
always aware of the trends in term 
papers and the subjects being assigned, 
and so they know which books are 
needed most. 

About 40,000 books are published in 
the United States every year alone, and 
to have to review over a hundred books 
a day would be impossible for each 
library. Instead they get their suggestions 
from commercial reviews (newspapers 
and magazines), trade papers of the 
publishers and librarians' professional 
journals. Of the last the most important 
is Choice, published by the American 
Library AsSOCiation , which prints shon 
reviews of about 5000 books a year. 
Gittelsohn's lament is that he spends all 
his time chOOSing good books, which 
leaves none in which to read them . 
Librarians cal1"ot read on the job. 

Expanding a library has become 
harder with rising COsts. When 
Gittelsohn first began buying books for 
collections, a non-fiction hardcover was 
not considered cheap at $3.95, Now, for 
a comparable book, one has to par 
about $20. Theft and mutilation 0 
books also hampers new acquisition 
because of replacement costs. The 
Cluster's electronic detection system, 
however, has cut theft by 80%. 

librarians also have to deal with 
deterioration of their collections. Since 
the middle of the nineteenth century 
paper has been produced with a hi£h 

FREE 
CONSULTATIONS 

452-5620 
Call for Appointment 

3251 Holiday Court Suite 201 (~e St, Germaine's) 

acid content, making it self-destructing. 
Gittelsohn points out that, for instance, 
a newspaper from 1776 wiD be in better 
condition than one printed in 1956. 

by Klier 

But the problems of selection, 
replacement and preservation are merely 
academic when there is not enough 
space for the books and cheir users. The 
libraries are some of the most over-
utilized, places on campus, and funds 
for more building do not exist. At 
Cluster they have tried 10 alleviate the 
congestion by increasing the operating 
hours and providing tables on the patio, 
which can at least be used for studying 
on sunny days. But there is not enough 
money to keep the library open as long 
as they would like, to run the reference 
service, for InstanCe, 80 hours a week 
instead of the present 53. 

The task of someone who loves a 
book is to protect it from theft , 
mutilation and deterioration. For Marc 
Gittelsohn the task is multiplied by 
88,000, the number or volumes in the 
Cluster Library. To that multiplication 
add the job or buying 3,500 new books 
a year and trying to find a place to fit 
both them and the students, and there 
is a description of what one librarian 
does. 

0,' 



14 October 10 1983 
1'1 1\ .... 1'1 ( 11\ I'" 

Spirit of California Disappearing professqrs 
continutd from 11 

"How,'-' I asked them , "could anyone 
afford to buy and keep such an 
incredibly expensive car?" 

"Damned if I know," was the reply, 
"but they're inside it right now, so I 
can't let you in." 

• 

By 1:30 in the morning I was alone in 
the lounge car with two elderly black 
men, a young woman and a young man 
wearing a "fit for life" shin, who was 
screaming drunkenly at the bored 
woman about what a terrible wretch his 
mother was. His mother, it seems, didn't 
like the idea of her 24 year old son 
living at home and gave him no end of 
grief about it. I sat at the opposite end 
of the car and cringed at the poor slob's 

.. tireless whining, but the two old men 
were paying rapt anention , poking each 
other in the ribs and grinning at the 
white boy's strange revelations about 
WASP life. It was at this point that I 
returned to my seat for a reS!less night 's 
sleep. 

• 
By 6:00 am I was back in the lounge 

car drinking glass after glass of Coke: 
orange juice, grapefruit juice and coffee 
in an attempt to kill my hangover before 
our 7:20 arrival in Oakland . By 7:00 I 
was feeling as well as could be expected; 
In other words I felt as dead as t.he Spirit 
I occupied, gazing outside as the 
morning light shone on the wasteland 
that is bayside Oakland. We were 
crawling through the train yards, where 
freights sat on their sidings and 
mechanics worked in brick garages, 
smoke-stained buildings all cobbled up 
with corregated metal sidings and 
surrounded by dead weeds and train 
pieces. There was a strange, industrial 
beauty here, and I thought of Charlie 
Krueger up In hiS engine gazing at it for 
the last time. 

The Oakland station is small in 
comparison to LA's , and the walls inside 
the terminal are littered With a mix of 
neon and plastic signs that are in limbo 
between art deco and [he space age. It 
is a weary place, and I stood on the 
platform outside and watched the Spirit 
take off for its ironic final destination, 
Sacramento. The Spirit of California is 
dead . Long live the spirit of California. 

continutd from 12 
the time factor involved in procuring 
funds for each project has increased 
dramaticaDy. In addition, available 
research funds are not so profuse as in 
past years. For example, Qut of four 
grant proposals submitted, only one or 
two succeed in drawing funds. This is 
due not only to the lack of funds but 
also to the high competition for 
available money. 

The cascading effect is dissatisfaction 
among the lab workers and ultimately 
results in the high turnover rate which 
is in evidence in today's labs. 
Unfortunately, reproducibility in lab data 
suffers from the sporadic changeovers. 
Five technicians trained by one 
employer will exhibit five different 
techniques. This wreaks havoc with test 
data, especiaOy when it deals with 
unknown interactions, as is the case 
with much experimental research. 

Limited funding is not the only thing 
which has stifled both the creativity and 

IfJ!ou're 
conIused about 

starting your career, 
bere~ some belp. 

the perfect first step 
Heard of PFS ? It's our friendly family of powerful , straightforward ~oftware 
already cited .. s the leading software for personal comj'uters - like Apple, 
IBM , Compaq, TI and other~ . 
Your involvement with Software I)ublishing Corporation - as a perfect first 
step - can lead to challenging new steps, a~ you help us aggressively 
reinforce and enhance our already strong pOSition in the marketplace. 
As a well -known and vaMI)' creative company, we 're moving fast, so there 
has never been a better time to join us! 
Opportunities are available In Product Marketing, 
Sales, Software Development and otber related areas. 
You'll be key to our continued success, so we 're prepared to offer you all 
the challenge and opportunity you can successfully handle. Starting salary 
and benefits are excellent. 

On-campus interviews -
Thursday, October 20 

talle tbe next step by signing up at your placement Cfmter 

Or forward your resume (if on-campus interview is inconvenient) to C:tretha 
Coleman, Software Puhlishing Corporation , 1901 Lal1ding~ Drive , Ml. View, 
CA 94043 . An equal opportunit)' employer. 

Software Publishing Corporation 

the diversification of today's research. 
Academic responsibilities have 
increased. The research professor's true 
love is research, and the increased time 
spent in administrative red tape, 
preparation for lectures, office hours . 
and class funher whitdes away his 
effectiveness in the role for which he 
was primarily hired. 

The respectability factor that scientists 
are now feeling is common to many 
professional fi·elds. All professions 
expect respect. When our faculty come 
to campus, many times they find no 
place to park. Some feel their office and 
lab surroundings are inadequately 
maintained. They would prefer a 
comfonable, serene dining area on 
campus. Each complaint, when isolated, 
seems insignificant in reference to the 
total scheme. However, when it is 
combined with the previously 
mentioned alterations in IifeS!yle and 
surroundings, it Is nOl tOO surprising 
that positiOns outside the university 
might seem more appealing. 

I Want To 
Style Cut 
Your Hair 

$9.95 
Regularly 

$22 womeH 
$17 men 

Indrules s,",m/HJO, 
contlition, & ,",'reNt. 

(BIow·dry a:/ra) 
Haircutting by Rome 

at 
£UMI~~ 4TT~4£TI4D~!511 

4.{j-'-'.I.~CJ~ 
across from UCSD 

near the Rodeo 
O/ler ex~ira 10116183 

New I 
- -

WIde 5aecn TV 
plus 6 extra TV monitors 

Happy Hour extended 
until 9:00 pm 

far 
MONDAY 

NIGHT 
FOOiBALL 

Molt drtnle $1.15 
~hotdoSl 

,........ 
Hat Crook Jazz Orchestra 

efta' the game. 

The IIodIo IllOa1111d on the COIIW ~ UI JoIIe 
.,.. Dr, ...... UI JoIII Dr, FOI """ 

inIomIItlon CIII 451-5590. YOUIllUll be 11 01 
otder to __ I picture I.D. 1& rcqWred. 

Dr_coda. 

Armstrong directs soccer revival 
By lANCE BERNARD & CAROLINE BOL 

laS! Wednesday, Muir field was the 
sight of yet another VictOry for the 
UCSD men's soccer team. The Tritons 
soundly defeated Division III school 
laverne 3.1 to bolster their record to an t 
impreSSive 8-2-1. Along with this victory 
comes the realization that the Tritons 
are S!rong contenders for the NCAA 
playoffs. But while making the playoffs 
is a high priority for soccer coach Derek 
Armstrong and his players, It IS not the 
only feat they would like 10 accomplish 
this season. The other objective is to 
generate among students more 
enthusiasm and panicipation in soccer. 

Coach Armstrong arrived at UCSD 
during the 1982-83 season, and since 
then the NCAA playoffs are no longer a 
dream but a reality. Armstrong has 
coached and played soccer 
professionally for founeen years and has 
the expenlse necessary to lead a team to 
the championships. However, while 
Armstrong has played a major role in 
the improvement of the team, one must 
not neglect the determination and the 
skills of the players' themselves. 

MoS! of the team's outstanding 
achievements can be attributed [0 a 
predominantly veteran squad headed by 
old-timers Tim Kim, An Lopez and 
David Griffin. Other [Op players include 
Albeno Gomez, Barry Thompson, Philip 
Kenney, Steve Davis and Vic Skvarna. 
The Tritons hot only have the above 
mentioned seasoned players on the 
team, but a fine resource of strong 
freshman players as weU. Greg Schwarz, 
Rob Durkin, Warren Hollinger and Gary 
Dodge are aU players under Armstrong's 
tutelage. These players provide the 
deprh that is so vital to a successful 
team such as the Tritons. 

Succes~ul is the word to describe the 
Tritons' 8-2-1 record . The squad's two 
defeats came at the hands of Division I 
schools, while UCSD downed constant 
NCAA contender Claremont and 

powerful Pomona. Division 111 (UCSD is 
in this division) Laverne fell victim to 
the Tritons 3-1, due in part [0 the 
extraordinary performance of Greg 
Schwarz. Schwarz, the Tritons ' leading 
scorer, performed a "hat trick" (scoring 
three goals in one game), increasing his 
personal record to 12 goals . While 
Schwarz was indeed a standout, the 
entire team assisted him by maintaining 
exceUent defense and offense . It is this 
type of teamwork that has brought the 
squad to where it is today. 

UCSD will travel to Berkeley for the 
All-Cal Tournamem and will playa 
minimum of three grueling matches. The 
favorites are UCLA and Cal, but being 
the underdog hasn 't stopped Triton 
victories before. UCSD is scheduled to 
play UC Davis in its opening match and 
then will conti nue to either the winners' 
or the consolation bracket. Results next 
Issue. 

Along with the All-Cal tournament, 
UCSD will face such top opponents as 
Colorado College (ranked number one 
in Far West) and Westmont (which tied 
powerhouse San Diego State). The more 
victories the Tritons chalk up, the bener 
their chances are of being invited to the 
NCAA playoffs. (UCSD gets points for 
each victory, and the teams with the 
higheS! cumulative point total get 
invited to the playoffs.) 

It appears that the TritOns are well on 
their way to the playoffs, and with that 
comes the recognition that is so badly 
sought after. It is hoped that the Tritons 
can gain the attention of students and 
thereby improve the turnout at home 
games. "Numbers mean credibility for 
the soccer program," Armstrong replied 
when asked about his plans for the 
program. Striving to spark intereS! in the 
sport, Coach Armstrong hopes to attract 
UCLA to Muir Field for what promises 
to be yet another riveting match-up. 

1----------------------------------1 SPAGHETII! : 
ALL YOU CAN EAT! : 

$2.50 : 
Mondays: 3:00 pm til close : 

r------------------------------ I I U eso Special : I 
IFREE Pitcher of Beer with any large Pizza: I 

~ ___________ ~~~~~~ ___________ 1 : 
O~n for Breakfast at 9:00 am : 

Phone Ahead 452-0661 All Items Available To Go! I 
5 minutes from UCSD campus Enjoy Monday Night Football atJenny's I 

KITCHEN 
Chicago Style Italian Eatery 

3945 Governor Drive. Unlv.:rsity City, SafewlY Shopping Center 
Houn: 9am • 9pm dlily; 9am • II pm Friday Ind Saturday . 

When Derek Armstrong assumed control of the UCSD men 's soccer learn last year, he inhented a 
group thaI posted a dismal 1-15-3 record Ihe year before. Under Amlstrong's guidance, rhe Tritons 
qualiji£d Jor the playoffs with an 8-8-2 record and a second place finish in the NAJA's Southern 
Division. Annstrong has completed the transformation this season as the Tritons have compiled an 
imprfssive 7-2-1 mark thus far. 

.Compliments of 

&~ 
MPillN 
EDUCATIONAL CENTER 



.. 

16 OUo/Jt!r 10 } 983 

UCSD challenged 
to a duel 
By CHRISTOPHER CANDLE 

A I~end oj dueUing Ixtwun two officers,.Lit:utenant Feraud and D'Hulxrt, runs 
throughout the epic oj Napoleon's imperial wars. . 

One oj their duels was fought in Silesia. The weapon was the CQ\lQlry sabrt, and the shill, 
the science, the vigor and the determination displayed by the adversanes compelled the 
admiration oj the beholder!. 

A dud, whether regarded as a ceremony in the cult oj honour, or a manly sport, demands 
a perfect Singleness of intention and austerity oj mood. The duelling cour~e , the Single 
combat, is supposed to Ix a courage oj a spedal sort . If true courage consIsts I.n gom~ out to 
meet an odious danger Jrom which our body, soul and heart recOIl together, LIeu!. D Hubert 
had the opportunity to practice if Jor the first t!me in his life. 

They crossed blades seven times. Both had many cuts whIch bled profusely. Both. refused to 
have the combat stopped, time aJter tIme, with what appeared the most deadly antlmosll)'. . 
feraud crouched and bounded with a fierce tigerish agility fit to trouble the stoutest heart . He 
meant it with an intensity oj will ullerly beyond the inferior Jaculties oj a tiger. At last, 
dishevelled, their shirts in rags, covered with gore and hardly able to stand, they were led away 
forcibly by their marvelling and horrified seconds. From The Duel by Joseph Conrad 

The Student Organizations Office, Associated 
Students, and the Student Center present: 

T.G, & Dancing with 
the Rebel Rockers 

4 pm - 6 pm 

For more information can x4083, 

Courageous fencing matches featuring the escapades of Alexander Dumas' The Three 
Musheteers; the swashbuckling cinema swords of Douglas Fahbanks, Maureen O'Hara 
and Errol flynn; and the final Iightsabre confrontation between Luke Skywalker and 
Darm Vader, haw: thrilled audiences, young and old, throughout history. 

Now the thunderous clanging of beD guards and lightening flashes of crossed swords 
will excite the atmosphere of the UCSD Main Gym Wednesday night at 7 pm. The 
history of fenCing, complete with a disl'~y of antique weapons, an exl'lanation of 
fencing rules and sconng and an exhlbmon match between the San Diego Fencers 
Club and UCSD's intercollegiate fencers, will be conducted by UCSD's fencing coach 
Lynn AJ.ltonelli. 

Coach Antonelli's own fencing history renects the tradition and comaradene of 
fencing. Antonelli first attended Hayward State College so she could be coached by 
national champion Michael D'Asaro. She followed him to San Jose State and trained 
with D'Asaro's women 's national championship team for four years, which produced 
women who are still at the forefront of American women's fencing. She expanded her 
interests from foil to epee and sabre because, as she says, "I wanted to do the thing I 
!Ike best aU the time." So Antonelli decided to attend the Fencing Academy in Ithica. 
New York, conducted by Jean-Jacques Gillet, head coach for the CorneD fencing team. 
One of her fellow students was John Helmich, a former UCSD intercollegiate fencer 
and UCSD fencing coach . To pay for the academy's lUition she loaded trucks for UPS. 
The second year she was awarded the SanteUe fenCing scholarship. After two years she ' 
received her master's certificate from the United States Academy of Arms il1 1980. 
Upon moving to San Diego Antonelli became coach for both the San Diego Fencers 
Club and the UCSD team. 

Student 
OrganizadollS 

,TIme for re-registering 
that Organization! 

DEADUNE TODAY! 

Forms for re-registering & 
registering a student organization 
can be picked up in the Student 

Organizations Office, Student Center 
2nd floor, today between 

8 and 4:30 pm. 

Por information re,ardta, Stadeat 
OrganizadoDl, caD MarIetta at 

452-4083 

Antonelli commented, "Fencing is an individual sport that can be played aU your 
life . Because it is based on c1ew:mess and maturity, being a high mental as well as 
physical sport, the older fencer can often defeat the younger more agile fencer just by 
out-fOXing him. Many older fencers are called foxes." UCSD will be up against many 
foxes from the SDFC, including an epeeist who placed 12th in the nation last year, a 
20 year fencer and a sabreman with a long string of intercollegiate victories. 

"When it comes down to two fencers facing off, everything else faUs away. There is 
no prestige borrowed from the team's coach, fellow fencers or past glory except in the 
confidence an individual gains in traming with others: said the UCSD coach. These 
words rang true for Andy Leask, UCSD's premier fencer of the last two years with an 
82-83 season record of 24-1. His accomplishments last season included a first place 
showing in the Westerns, honorary All-American honors, and an eighth place finish in 
the Nationals. He will lead the UCSD team against SDFC. 

Like the spectators who witnessed the legendary duel between Lieutenants Feraud 
and D'Hubert, those who attend the d4els between UCSD and the SDFC will discover 
why fencing is something more than just a sport. Fencing cultivates split-second 
coordination, a sense of a swift decision making process, the abiliry of meditative 
concentration, persuasive determination, unshakable calmness and heroic courage. 

For Coach Antonelli, "The most delightful thing about this sport is its limitlessness 
in the challenge that is always there. No matter who you are, there is always someone 
better. You can always grow and improve." 

Drummers 
Horns 

Saxophones 
, 

~~ 1'.41 . I I... . , \.1" \ 
Exdttng Dew CC:i1i1pu& musical 

group DOW formtng. 

Athletics. Parties, 
Great Roadtripsl 

Contact Laurel Dean, Campus Recreation 
Office, (x4027) this week 

OUoner 10, 1983 17 

Running Thoughts 
WHAT'S GOING ON HERE DEPT. Six weeks into the NFL season and it looks as if 
the perennial powers will not succumb to the underdog tearns as they have in previous 
years. San Francisco and Dallas look like sure bets to win their divisions , with 
Washington and New Orleans obtaining wild card benhs. The Central Division is so 
weak that the eventual winner will end up losing in the first round of post·season play 
anyway. In the American Conference, Los Angeles and Miami look awfully tough in 
their respective divisions, with Seattle and San Diego receiving wild card nominations. 
As in the NFC, the Central Division is so horrific that the chance of the division 
champion advancing in the playoffs is as remote as James Wan becoming a member of 
the Sierra Club. Despite our practically knowing how the teams will fintsh , this season's 
play has been one of high caliber excitement. 
NOT TO BE BELIEVED DEPT. Even if the Chargers do make the playoffs, it won't be 
to the credit of their defense. Sure, they came up with a big play yesterday against the 
Seahawks, but Zorn's pass was thrown late and Warners route was a lazy one. The 
fact of the matter is, the Chargers have the worst defense in the NFL-again. They gave 
up 41 to a Jet offense that hasn't been its explOSive self all year. The mediocre Browns 
managed 30 against them. They made the NFL's second worst quarterback, SCOtt 
Brunner, look like Sammy Baugh. The only offense they've reaDy shut down aD year 
was Kansas City'S with the worst quanerback (Bill Kenney) in football. Charger fans 
better hope that the organization soon realizes that defensive coach Tom Bass is a 
liabiliry and give him the axe. 
WAIT A MlNUTE DEPT. After a recent loss by the Tampa Bay Buccaneers to a 
supposed inferior team , a Buccaneer defensive lineman who , for the sake of 
embarrassment will remain nameless, showed little concern (but perhaps along with it, 
a taste of the mentality of NFL linemen) when he shrugged and said. "Hey, it's no bIg 

'deal. Look, there are 28 teams in the NFL and twelve won and twelve lost." Whew! 
NEXT QUESTION PLEASE DEPT. Answer to Thursday'S question: Prior to 1983, when 
was the last time a Chicago White Sox team reached the American League playoffs? 
Answer: Never. The White Sox played in the 1959 World Series, but there were no 
league playoffs at that time. Today's question: In the last eight years , how many NHL 
Stanley Cup Champions have there been? Name them. 

COULD IT BE DEPT. Although everyone is bitter over the departure of head basketbaU 
coach John Block (who became assistant coach at Oral Roberts University), one should 
realize that Block was offered a tremendous amount of money to stay at UCSD. 
According to our sources. the reported $40,000 contract Block signed with Oral Roberts 
was nothing to the one offered by the Intercollegiate Department for him to stay. The 
exact figures were not disclosed, but it IS believed that Block turned down a Six-figure 
salary to stay in San Diego. 

Please Visit Us 
Sale!!! 

SWeatwear • Sunglasses 
T-Shirts 

20% - 50% OFF 
-With UCSD 1.0. 

until 10-19-83 

- Sunglasses, from $5.99 to $19.99, 40% OFF 
- Sunglasses, from $20 to $200, 20% OFF, 

Vuamet, Ray Ban, Carrera, etc. 
- T-Shirts, all 20% OFF, every kind of T-shirt 
- All T-Shirt lettering & transfers, SO% OFF 
- Sweatwear, all 20% OFF, hottest styles 

and colors 

4030G Torrey Pines Rd. 
La Jolla, Ca. 92037 

(next to the Yogurt Affair) 

454-8006 

, 



, ... 

e Weekly' . 
Calenda 
~S"V1CD 
MONDAY-PlllDAY 
.... JI. ,.. - SIGI. Syst~ of Int ... actillr Guidanc~ 
and InIoonaIIon is a conpJter-bilSed prog:am 01 Cat"'" 
inlOrmarlon designed 10 help )OU clarily)OUr vaIuI!S and 
occupational interesl>. Fat ~ Information. comr 10 
ear"", Planning & PIac~. In Car_ f'IarYltng HlI058. 
II. toIO,..· - Test Pr~ P,4,l Conlermces - Do)OU 
ftf conlic2enl abOUI you< finals? Do )<lU know what 10 
SlUdy and how to ~atn for IOIaI r~all? Can )OU wrrte a 
srrong '"""""" 10 essay qU<StionS? 00 )OU know how 10 
Kore high on rrult!ple ct'Oice and Ir~ Of Ialse questions? 
Do)OU buc2gI!I your lesl ~? ")OU answered "1\10" 10 
ary of lhese queslicrnS. schedule a PI'.l confermce and 
learn how 10 dO your tlest ern exarns. Sponsortd t,I toe 
O ASIS R~aclrng and Srudy Skills Cmter In USB 4010 
....... pili - Pl'.l Confermc~ - Don'l spend merl! 
trme stua,.ng than necessayl !iche<l.rle a one-t~ Pl'.l 
lpersonal ass"ranc~ for ~arnIng/ conlerl!nce to streamNne 
¥Our Slua,.ng. ~ confermces WIll deal with your course 
materials concerns including reaclrng COI1llr~rcrn. 
mernoty contro~ lecture noter.Jkrng. and test pr""",alron. 

oilS well as how 10 rTliYlage your t""e. handle stress. 
wncmtratr better. and <M'rW"", procrastrnation. 
Sponsortd t,I thr OASIS ~adrng and 51udy Skrlls Cmter. 
In USB 4010 
....... pm - OASIS IIItltlng Cmler o~rs fr~ 

SI!MC~ for all UCSO students who need pre-wrrtrng help. 
conf ... ffiC~ ern drafts. and tdrtrng advrce. We engage ary 
kind of wrr~ng and any krnd 01 wmrng probl~. 
Conferences arl! by appo'ntment only. Evening 
apjlOIntlTlffitS are now also avarlabie rn OASIS Thrrd Place 
at Thrrd College IFor the lull r~ of ServK'" "'" bad< 01 
FaH SchorlJ~/ Call 4 52-2284 or c~ by USB 4010 10 
make an iIIJPOI'llrnMl Thrs seMCe "avariaOlelhrougllout 
toe q uarter. 
9100-.... pili - Grammar Moses Hollh",. A grammar 
hot lrne plnne-In ser.nce for help WIth drctron. grammar 
and pun:tua~on problems. To reacxh Grammar MOses. 
caU 452-2284. Sponsortd by OASIS lIItitrng Cmler. 
Servrcr ~ar~ t hroughoul the quart .... 
1 :JO. .... plIO - Drop-ln Hours. For quICk questrons 
pertarnrng to car"", pl.n1rng. .JOb hun~ng. r=me 
urtiqoong. etc. For mere indMc2ua1 atlffiOern srgn-up or 
call 452-3750. In Carffi Plamrng Hl 1058. 
2:00-J:OO pm - Speed ~ading -l..I!arn how to c20ubie 
Of trip~ yoor reading speed. choose loe beSl ral~ 10 suit 
ywr assrgnments. rmlJ'OV")OUr concenlr arion. and rl!ad 
\I\IIth better compr~hrnSron. In short get more ~ in less 
t.me/ Sponsored by the OASIS ~ading & Study SkIlls 
Cenr .... In Hl il48. 
MONDAY 
10:00-11:00 _ - 1he Ulnguage Program Level I & II -
Thrs OASIS prog:am bcuses on the thrrlclng skrlls )OU 
need to successlully handle the r~adlng and wrrtrng tasks 
assrgned in )OUr courses. It IS desrgned for !hose who 
IMmI to periect rn..rr Englrsh languq skrlls. LP claSses are 
taJght by readrng and wflOng speclalrSts and Orhngual 

, lu!Ors. LP" presenr by the OASIS IIItrong Cen:er and the 
OASIS ~aclrng Cmter. In usa 4060-8. 
1ChOO _2.00 plIO - M8I\ Day. Informat/ern & 
recruiters from CNf!( 30 pres~grous schools WI ll be t/"rcrc ;0 
answer questlOflS about graooate BUSIness Management 
51udy. On the Student Cerlter Hu~. 
U,.IO _11:10 pili - Graooat~ School AcMslng. 
Plannrng on graduate school alter UCSO? Alter )OU 
attood a Graduate AcMsrng Seminar. dro~in at this trme 
and tall< to an advrsor for more sp<'Crfic or c2e1ar1ed 
rnformacion. In the Student Cmt ... Bldg. A 

1J4.~ pm - MOCk Interview. Sel!lng and hearing 
)<lU""" onllic2eorape can help put Ire finrshlng louches on 
Interview skrlls . PrerequlSrte Intervrewrng Skills 
WOrkshop. Call 452-3750. In HlI058. 
lUESDAY 
10:00-1 1:00 _ - R=me IIItrtlng WOrkshop. l..I!arn 
how to write an eff~lve rosu"", SIart the proc~s here 
then have yoor r"'u_ artlQued by a Car_ Plannrng & 
Placl!lTlerlt adVrsor A must lor oo-campus intervrewrng. In 
thr Revelle Formal lounge 
10030-":JO _ - l<>w/MBA AdVrsrng Law or MBA 
sdlool grcqr advIsmg hours for any questJOns concernrng 
!he aphcallon process lor law school or MBA programs. 
"'" the Pre-LawIManagemenl advisor on an rnlormal 
ba>rs. No apporntments necessary. OUt ~ IS iKNrsabie to 
call first at 452-4939 In lhe Students Cmt~. Bldg A 
Noott-I :OO pm - The French Workshop rs a new 
leilture of lhe OASIS ixlguage Program It IS desrgnt'c2 
maul/y lor studenl> who lie wrrtrng papers or other class 
"'SlQnrnent5 rn French. Sludents not workrng on specrfic 
paperl. but who would Irke to perro therr wrltrng ability 
rn French. are also welcome The Workshop WIll off~ a 
....,rque opportunIty for studmts to edrt thelr own papers. 
and seek constructrve art rcrsm from therr peers II \1\11/1 also 
provrde clarifICatIOn o f grammar. mechanICS. and ~ntence 
and paragraph structure Pr .... WflOng drSCUSSlonS. when 

necessary. WIll be concIuaed rn FrffiCh. 51udonl> IIliI)' 
attend on rrg.J1ar or occasional basis, accorc2ing 10 lhelr 
_ In USB 4070 . 
l.o.lJOO PI" -Cln-CafI1lUS-lntervi!wingOri!nUrlicrn. 
" yoo arl! rnteresled In participaling in Ihr on-campus 
iOlervoewlOg t~s ~. rt is mandatOf)' !hat )OU attI!tld 
one of lhese Ofler1talionS beforr you rnt~. In lhe 

_~ FormallDunge. 
lrCJO.JaOO pM - ~ GM IGrammar & M«hanics/ 
Workshop is designed for SIUdenI> who would like 10 
work ern clarifying bask: 'IarMlalical concrpl> and 
categ;>ries. and applying I""'" in an extl'rlSIve. systemalic 
senes o f practrc.al e .... dses. An e.ercise manual 10 be 

purchas~ by the student WIll be used. All work IMII be 
completed rn lhe conte'" o f Ihr workshop. In USB 402tHl. 
JrOD.SIOO pili - Campus Black Forum - This is an 
rnformal dlscu..sicrn group antertd on ISSues. conc ... ns 
and !he qua,,!)! of "f. olloe Black cornrrunrty at UCSO. It rs 
an opM. ongorng group. and stUdenl> can jorn ill any 
Irme Phrl Raphael and Rochel~ Baslren. Counselrng and 
Psychoiogrcal ServlCos. lacrllta tors. MI!I!Is rn!he ML VIew 
I..oIXlge 01 toe lhrrd COllege Apartments. 51Uc2en1> who 

IM)ura"kl! more InformatIOn can call ",iher Phil at 452: 
3035 or Rochrlle at 452-375 5. otherwise they can JUst 
show up at thr _,ogs. 
JrOD.4000 PI" - DrOj>-In-advrsing In open "",ron for 
pre-medrcal and pre-dental Sluc2ents 11/0 apporntments 
necessary. !Jut d " a<Msable to call first to confirm that the 
sessron wrll be hekl. In the SIudent Cmt~. Bldg. ,4,. 452-
4939 
WEDNESDAY 
9:00-10:00 _ - ~ GM IGrammar & Mechanrcs/ 
Workshop IS desrgned tor stUdents who woukl Irke 10 
work ern clarrfy1ng DasIC grammatrcal wnc~ts and 
GIIeg;>rres. and applying them rn an extms"",. systematrc 
sefles of pradal exerCIse'S An exercrse mant.JCt1 to be 
purchased by the student wrll be used All IIIIOrk WIll be 
corrplel~ rn lhe context 01 the workshop In USB 3050-8. 
':JO. 10130 _ - DrOj>-m adviSIng rn open "",rern lor 
pre-medocal and pr .... dmtar students No appo'ntment 
"""""iV}'. OUI rt IS adVrsaOie to call firSI to confirm that the 
sessron WIll be hekl In thr 51udent Cmter. Bldg A 45.2-
4939. 
10:OO-II:OO_- 1he Language Program Level 1& li-
Th" OASIS prog:am focuses on the thtnkrng skllis )OU 
need to successlully handle !he readrng and wrrtrng tasks 
asSlgnt'c2 rn )OUr courses. I t IS desrgned for those whO 
want to perl~ toe" Englrsh language skIlls LP classes are 

UC - SAN-DIEGO 

A F L 

INTERNATIONAL 
fI L~[ RI E S 

I . 9 . 8 . 3 
PRE SEN1S 

M COMPOS 

French with En,f(lish subtitles. 

E 

October II, Tuesday, 7:30 p.m. 

o 

Mandeville Auditorium 
G.A. $5.00, St.lSr. Citizens $3.00 

8 y 

'-----___ UCSD Box Office: 452-4559 _____ -J 

II'''' __ , - MId-t""" I'I"ep - Bring yeti cour1I! 
. materrals and gI!I 0Iganized b mid51 blN No how 10 

~ lhrsua:esslJi SCORE ~ jndct lestqu5bOns. 
and rf\liew lOr IOIaI preparallon in any coune. Sponsored 

~!hI! OI'.SIS --.g ~ SIuIII C ...... In tlw-lhird 
CoIk!gI! ~ Bldg. Cernf. Rrn. 141. 
, ... _lJOO ... - ear- Fair - A wiele rat"9 of 
car_ specraIIStS WIll be on ~ 10 _we- )OU~ 
questions about !herr pes. A 'II!at Cat"'" planning 
opportunityl AI !he 51udonl cerur H""lI. . 
11100 __ , - ~ SpanIsh I.Imrkshop Is a nrw 
fl!alure 01 ItlP OASIS l.nguagI! Prog:am II " c2es1'lled 
mainly lOr SIUdl!nts wflo ;n wrilrng papers Of OCher class 
assrgnmffilS In Spanrsh. SIUdI!nts not wo1cing ern sprdfic 
papers. OUt....no would"". 10 ~ Ihrtr wntJng abtilly 
in Spamh. ar~ also wecomr. TIll! WOrkshop IMH 0"'" a 

~ opportunily b SIuc2enCs 10 edit: IhI!Ir own papers. 
and ~ constructillr a~icrsrn from lherr ~s. II will also 

prO\ll~ darlfiCalion of grammar. m«hanics. and SI!nt~~ 
and paragaph structure. _.'ng disrussions. """"" 

~essary. WIll be ccrncluctl!d in Spanish. StudenIs may 
attmd o n regular or occasional ba>rs. according to IhI!Ir 
0I!eds. In USB 4070. 
11110 _ - ~ AS Intemshrp ollia Is haIIrng a 
IoOlunt"'" staff meI!Iing for 1983-84. If)OU ar~ in~esled rn 
a run IIIIOrklng 1!flIIironmenI. ercposure 10 Ihr job marlerl. 

~arnrng tlUsrnes< skills and ~Ioplng rapport WIlt! 
pro fl!ssronals Itwoughoul !he country. go 10 Ihr 
omentalron _rlrng loday a t 7:00 pm at !he Student 
Center abOlle toe game room. For mor~ rnIo call x4b89. 
1:00-2100 pili - ~ Cultural Issues Drscussrc>n Hour rs 
an Informal e,change In whch a WIde r~ o f 
rnlerdrsc"lrnary toptCS crawn Irom different OJkural 
conteJ(ts wlli be examrned and discussed. Concepts and 
termrnology rn modern anrstrc Nld phiosophrcal Irends 
wrU be doscussed and clarrfied In USB 4070. 
2:00-1:. pm - Gradual~ J\dIIISlng SerTllnar Plannrng 
on graduate scI1ooI7 Fat .,formatlOn on appllCatron 
procedures. ~tters of recorm1erlelatlOn stalerT1l!nt 01 
purposes and admrssrons crrlerra. attffic2 ~ of tme 
semrn;,rs OY Slgnrng up at the 51ucJent Center, Bldg A 
45.2-4939 
2:00-4000 pm - How to Study Math & Scll!rlCe -
Spendtng hOurs workrng problems7 F~I arouous aboul 

_ you know? '--" how to learn chemIsby or pre-
allOJlus math Itrough ~illng straregles!hat 
!alee !he anrciely. bOredom. '"" c:onMk:rn out 01 yeti 
courses. BrIng you< murse marerlals and see your COUf1eS 
in a who/!! new W¥ ~ed ~!hI! CII\SIS R/!acIing & 

~ Skills CmIer. In !he 51udM1 cerur. Bldg. B~Cont. 
........... - MftIlng lOr all IIioIoW of 
eclucatJon wlunte<n. ~ ~ il!cture and 
show will ~ rjvr!n ern IX/1!d1I!sday a 5:00 '" sa I 
"'- mml!f 8nng yeti suggestions. Comrnt!OlS. 
queslicrnS. 
.... IBIlAY . 
, .... " .. _ - ~ \lhlting Workshop. lratn 
how 10 IMrie an ~rve resuml!. Start !he process herl! 
111m hirve your resume alliqued by a Career PIannrng & 
Placement acMsor A rruSI lOr oo-GJmpUS intl!Niewlng. In 
the ~ Formal I..oungr. 
IhlO _"1M ... -~s IrrtI!MOwrng 
Onentatron. ")'OU are interSled rn partrcrpalJng in Ihr or>-

~lnltrvr-.ng thisquarrer. ~ is mandalOf)'tM)OU 
attffid ~ of lhese oril!ntations before )<lU InteMew. In 
Ihr Rrvel~ Formal lourv. 
,_lrIO plIO - Enhancing SOCrai SkrNs Group - MI!I!I 
new friends. develop and ~0\Ie your rnterPMOOal and 
social siolls I/Yough presentaticrns and practicl! rn a 
friend)'. supportive 'IOUP atmosphere. I..I!d by LDh KoIt 
and 51""" Brady. MI!I!Is at Cou~rng & Ps~hoIogcaI 
Ser\IIces. Hl 1003 Inlerested Sludents should call Lori or 
51_ at 452-3755 or drop byltlPabove 1oca11On1O c2rsa.rss 
Ihr 'Ioup 10 s~ il it _ you< needs . M~ Thursdays. 
1:00-2:30 pm. from 10/131hrOugh 12/1. 0pI!n 10 /III UCSO 
SlUc2enI>. 
, ... lrIO ,.. - Inter\III!W1ng Slcliis Workshop. Do)OU 
~ """ rn pr!!panng for JOb int~. Some lIpS ern !he 
best ways 10 presl!Ol yeti qualdlcarons and what len! of 
intenIiew questions 10 ewpecI. In !he Rl!lll!l1e Formal 
I..oungr. 
ZI* ....... - Inll!resled In heallh ,professionS 7 20 
minutes pnvate appointmI!nIs for car_ planning acMce 
lOr SIUdenrs inlerested In heallh Cat~. Call In aa.r..nce 
lOr appoinImrnI. OUI no _IIer !han on.. _ . ~aIIh 
Sornces I'oIMsay Prog:am 452-4939 

~Y 
..... 11 .. _ - Wanm Co~ Problem SoMng 
Clinic - This lime wiN be used lOr SIuc2ents who wish 10 
call anead or stop by for a 15-20 rnnur~ prollll!m-soMng 
session. In !his brief meeting _ WIll focus ern soMng a 
cumnr issue wtich can be aM)'Ihng !tom ~ng 
concenrralion or re/arCat1on. ""-"ing stress. rnaIcrng a 
cIecision. sorting our leelings. roornrnoft hasseIs. riC. 
Stu<rnI conraru ;n privaIl' and c.onfic2enbal The I""" 
WIN stay """"",* as long as there is a need or lM for it. 50 
c2rop by. ~ by !lev Ha"JU. Ph.D .• COU~ing and 
Psychological SeMces. SeMng Watrffi CoII~ 51uc2enb. 
302 Watrffi Campus. 452-3987. 
, .... 11 ... _ - Job M.lrkrl Trends. ~at~ fact 
from fantasy Our workshop INIII """)OU undor1Ianc2!he 
changing job rnarlcrl and your tutu~ rn II. In !he Revell! 
Formal lOunge. 
, ..... ,1141_ -lrUrestedln !hehNlthpmteslons? 
20 rnnur", prIvaIr 4ljXljrlbn!.rts lOr carI!I!r pIaIYWng 
atMce for SIUc2I!nIs interesled in heaItt1 Cat_s. Call in 
ac2IIancr lOr appell_I. OUI no earlil!r II1an ~ Wftk. 

~aIth Sciences I'IdIIisoty I'rog:am 452-4939. In !he 
Stu<rnI C~. Bldg. B. 
" ... _1110 ... - Body Connectrons WOrkshop -
U~tyI! ~ and stress reWctlon Rough Irghl 
aerobic ecerase nutritional anaIysls. ~ rTIIIIntenance. 
r!laroallon and seIf-twnosrs will be Ihr focus oflhls 'lOOP. 
Itt practiong he~1 habIIS 1OgeIher. studMI> can 
c2M!Iop a corr*>rt -. thrrr body mage. Ihrir~. 
IhI!Ir _ of slrl!SS and .-rap a rHSOnablky hoIrsbC 
llfetyl!. led by 8!v Harju. CounseWlg and f'¥ho/OgrcaI 
Ser\IIces and Daiym Profkt. ~aIIh Educalor. Stuc2ent 

~aIIh Services. Mo«s at upper iourv. SIudt!nr ~aIth 
Services. At !he first _rng a series of pre-Iesl> will be 
adminrstertd. at lhe second Ihr teslrng will be flnished 
and Ihr 'IOUP will begin. 

~IIJO ... - Gay/BrsexUill Maie Group. 1M 
o ngorng. cernftc2ffitJa1 'IOUP WIll focus ern rssues 
a5SOCJa1ed wrIh resoiVrng an aII ... ni1t1\>e sexual prMena. 

~s at Counseling and Psychological ~es. Hl1003. 
led by Steve Brady. Studonl> who would hke rnorl! 
,nformat.,n can cali SI""" at 4 52-3 755. olherwi~ they 
can JUSI attood the 'I0up. 
... CTUIIU 
IlllU)NISDAY 
J.JO pili - Pr~dental Assocratron rTlI!eI rng and sp«iaI 
lecture . Mark A Hunt - Pre-dental coordinator UCU'l 
School of Dentrs!!y. In the Revelle Formal Lounge 
,rOO pm - SMo1 - Soaety lor ActoIancement of 
Manage_nt presents Speaker ..tIhn Kuhl. \/ICe-presrdent 
o f Sanyo CorporatIOn. speaks on "How to tie a Manager" 
,4,11 managers are welc~. In the """"r~ For""; LDurv. 

x4OJ7 

orr 

..DAY 

.... ,.. - Cars ~_ for Rrlr~ilI progam on "H!Spanic 
HislOf)' and Cultur~" and "Issues 01 C~ntral Amerrca.·· 
MHt ill Ltwefsity lJJtnoran Chutch. 9595 L1..t1I1a Shores 
Dr. 453-0561. 
OIIGMIRA11ONAL ... iiHell 
MOMMY 
-... - CornbaIiIIr Arts Is a new martial arts club 
ongInaIed rn ItlP fhiIipp/o IrS and stresses owrall body 
concMionrng. Drop by 10 flndout whiI! . ·s all ailOUl.ln ItlP 
Rec. PMio Gym. 
.... ,.. - Pop E_ MHting. UEO. In Ihr 51udon1 

C~er. Bldg. B. 
....... - ~ Bi<}'Cling Club IIlM1 IDdi!I' 10 dscuss 
weeIcrnd ~ ~ rides. and get peqIIr rog.chto" ....no 

''''~ 10 rIdr. In !hi! 1Iec. Pallo Gym. 
....... - -.mng Club is mrerlng 10 get ~ 
IOg«hrr you like 10 Jog. tran b 101fs. mwllhans, 
INIhlons. EIo<!f)'One of all rlIlnIng IrwIs \IIIeIcome 10 
aIIa1CI. RK PMio Gym. 
... ... - ~ Irsl organlzClonal meeting 01 ItlP 
UIiofI of .Jewish !ludents comr '- a ury on !hi! M!OlS 
10 be pIInned in !hi! COfIWlg yNI C. x3616 If you want 

rnor~ info. In !hi! RI!\IIL!IIe Inlormal Loungr. 
, ..... - TiWlO!hI! aIr . .JoIn!hl! AjIIngCluband learn 
!hi! bUr ~ of being ,. AI piIoCS and rlOOil'loIs 
1I\/I!IaIIne. In !iSS 2321 
1UUDAY 
...... - Israel Action ComrnIItee - meeting & 
CIIsaIssIon. 1hIs wft'lc"S IqIIc - ~ Bask: Pblillcal 
5IruaIft of ISrael. In !hi! ~ Formal Lounge. 
, ..... -1.8bian and Gay Orgnzation'sopen forum 
E\IeI)OM is ~ 10 come and e.pIor~ IqIIcs 
perqIning 10 !hi! gIy/lf!5bjan 1iIes~. HoKed by a panel 
oIlJIGO members. Call 452·6969 b 1ocaIlon. 
,.. ....... - Surf Tr.wn/Club hII a mandaiOf)' 
meerrng b "1II!IIIber5 and !heM interested In sulflng in 
!hi! UCSO open. PIe.- bring yo.x IS membership ft. 

~ 5.25. In USB 405().8. 
-r--O£Y 
....... - ~ Backgammon Club meers 10 bring all 
'ganmon tanders 1Ilgether. ifTIIlr!M your slulfs and learn 
new one. In !hi! Aec. PMio Gym. 
...... - I.8bian and Gay Organilallon's wft'Idy 
proJea pI;rYw1g rneering. W.·II be worIcIng ern upcoming 
_ In ItlP 5Iudents cerur Coni lim. upsran 
7JOI ... - Gay Mon's St4lPO'I Group now _ in 
Third College Hurninlies Bldg. RIft. 141. If you in gay. 
Il/sewal. or quesbOning yeti sewalrIy. )OU ar~ \IIIeIcome 
10 join our Informal. nc»~ c2is£usslon !1OOP. 
Sponsored by lAGO. 
.... ... - Men's L1crossr TNm Is ~ new 
rnomIIers lOr !he '84 SHScrn. 11/0 eopeiI'ncI! nKessary. jusl 
entI1usiaIm. In !he Rec Cont. RIft. 
.... IBIlAY 
, .. _-ueOMusicC~_lng Rr.a-> 
Ic2iI andexner -. Dotl"! be sI¥. Comr~ co_ alliin 
!he l.i1iIIrrsity E_ Olllce. 
.... ,.. - CaIPIRG is hiMng a gen<ral inlerest mrerrng 
- OJI lSI -.ng 01 !he yNI. Comr and IInc2 our aboul 
CalPiRG. get inIIoWcIln a pmjecl and _ nrw peopr. 
In !hi! North Coni. RIft. we,.. - SaiWIg Club will _10 dscuss lrips ern !he 
high seas and run.~ dub plans. ")OU like Ihr sea. !hi! sail 
and Ihr lMod. drop by. In N'M 2202. 
, ... ,.. - BStJ General Body MHting. In HSS 1330. 

... DAY 
-... - ·· the Fuwr~ of AsIans in Higher Education" ~ 
Educational ~ Commrr_ of lhe Aslan/paciftc 
Stu<rnI Allana /N'So\/ " spomorrng a workshop dealing 
WIth risklg ~ ftnandal aid OJI>. and in gen<ral. Ihr 
worserlng condIrion in Ihr ~~. Ther~ will 
be a spI!OaI presenIaIJOn. slrc2eshow and c2rsa.rs.s.ot1 
RrftestmonU WOI be prtMc2ed. FOf rnor~ info: x204& 
--. - Women's dscussion 'lOOP rneftS In Ihr 
WornM'S RI!SOUrCe Cenrrr 10 discuss ~I issues. This 
_ : "~ Clawoom Clmar~: ~ womer! Irl!aled as 
equals in UCSO dassIOoms 7" 

~ 
MONDAY 
, ......... - Chinese Chorus In !he Int'l Ctr Fr~. 
'lUalMY 
Noee-I ..... - Do)'OU want 10 know mor~ ailOUl 
secualty and I*th control7 If so. atUnd !hi! birth control 
InIOrmabcrn session _ Tuesday or IX/~. Bolt! 
male '"" fI!tnaIe SIuc2enI> are welcome. SessIon IS strongly 
Suggftled for Womer"s CIrnrc paoentS and !herr ponners. 
l..I!cturetk and <Iscusslon Ibrmar. In Ihr Stuc2errr Health 

~ -~ lounge a"~a F= 
..... U .. y 
, .... _JaOO ... - Car_ Fair. Ca_ PIannrng & 
Plaament SIudent Cmt ... ""~. Frel!. 
I'IIIDI'Y 
11 .. _Z'" pM - BlZarr~ Bazaar In the Sludonl 
Cenrer HLrrTll. FreI!. 
SUNDAY 
.... , ... pM - "COfIltILIntty An" muralist Vrctor 
OChoa 01 Centro CUllurai de Ia Rilla WIll /ecrurl! ern 
Chicano murals of Calrlbrnia & San Diego & rrw 
workshops in San Orego On Villa Montnuma 1925 K 51. 
Free. 

If you are a registered 
student or post-doc. 
you are eligible to: 

"Cover Your Bod" 
with 

Student 
Health and 

Accident Insurance 

Children $52,40 

Information and applications are available at the 
Student Health Center - .t52·2123 

InslMOnce Representatlve·s HoutS Monday thru Thul'Sdov, 1:00 - 4:30 

ave you considered studying 
abroad next year? 

At one of the 'Unlverslty of California's 
Study Centers? 

Important Information s ••• 1on for all 
Prospective 1984-85 

Education Abroad Applicants 
Tuesday. October 18 

7:00 p,m. 
International Center. Lounge 

MONDAY 
....... - Monday-Ffrday - Catholic Mass Sponsored 
by Ihr CaIhoIic Corrm.rnily at UCSO. In toe U1i11ers11y 
Lutheran Church. 
, .... - Bible 51~. Sponsored by thr Cathohc 
51udM1 Coorclnalors. In PI. 2322. 
'.11 ,.. - Campus Crusade for Chris! ··Study Brrak:' 
..tI1n us I'aCh Monda¥ for a 'II!aI rImo! 01 ~Iowshrp. 
srnging. & Bible SIudy In !he booIc of Iiomans. 

. Rl!lreshml!nlS prOllrdl!d - co"", ~arly. In loe 
Mnlnislratrcrn CCJIlllIec 111-.1\. 
1UaDAY 
••• II .... - I'JI IDS stu<IenIs IoWfcornI! 10 Inslitut~ 
e\Ief)I Tuesday and ~ at 4 :00 rn!he IDS Inslilute 
~ For lJnher info ern IDS actMties arfI 457-5984 and 
lISle for SI2f or .Jean . 
7dO ... - Lutheran. Catholic and Episcopal SIuc2enI> 
_ 10 plan eOJlIB1icaI prog:am Open 10 all. In !he 
~ Lounge 01 Lutheran Church aaoss !hi! streer 
fromRl!\llL!lle. . 
...... - CaIhoIc Discusslcrn Group. In Ihr lDunge. 

~ l.ulheran Chur<tl. 
~Y 
, .... - inl ... ·\IarsIIy QyJSIian Fellowship _ing at 
!he Clouc1s /lest • lhll"s Ihr MJir COITIITUer lounge. 
EIo<!f)'One is wefcomef For good IIeIIowship and an 
ealIenl guest lecturer. 
...... - 8lOII! SIudy II!c2 by l.ulheran _ 'lOOP. 
open 10 ~. In ItlP lXIM!rsII)I Lounge of lutheran 
cnuren. 

7dO ... - InII!r-VarsiIy Ctwislian FI!IIowship - Come 
join '" for a lim!! of slngIng. sharing. and fun. Eve!)onr 
-'Came. In !he Clouc1s Rest. 
,... ... - CancIIeIigtI Mass. Sponsored by ItlP 
CaIhoIic CcrmmuniIy aI UCSO. In the ~ lutheran 
Oven. 

ntI~Y 
...... - SIUc2enI 0tnnI!r Sponsored ~ ItlP Cathohc 
Comnunily atUCSO. In!he ~ LoUOQl! of l.uItleran 
Churen. MnissIan 51. SO. 
7JN" ... - CaIh%c 51udon1 8rbie SIudy Group. In 
UniwnrIy lutheran ChurOl. 
,... PIlI - Get ~ed Party. Find our more aboul 
Ihr NMgators and what rney ar~ dong ern GJmpUS. 

IA~Y 
.... PIlI - Calholic Mass. Sponsored by Ihr Catholic 
CornrrunrIy at UCSO. In Ihr l.kMfsiIy lutheran Churen. 
SUNDAY 
... , .... _ - Eptscopal ChurOl WorY>p Sl!Ma: 
Suoo..,. Eudlanst and ParISh 1rIIow5nip. Good Samarrun 
Epo5CopaI Church 4321 Easlgatl! Mall across ~ 
from ~asl ood of c:an.,..s. north of l..l .Jolla VIllage Dr. 
In_ron or Easlgat~ Mall and ~. 
.. _ - Catholic Mass, Sponsored ~ Ihr CatholIC . 
Conwnunrty at UCSO. In the I.JnM!rsity lJJlher an Church 
, ... _ - IIrbIe SIudy. "An 0Ier'M!N of !he Old 
Testament:' II!c2 by Pastor ..tIhnHuber Allarl! welcomr. ln 
Ihr l.run!I" of U1......uy lUlhrran Church. 
, ... _ - Calhoirc Mass. Sponsortd by Ihr CilIhohC 
Conwnunrty at UCSO. In ItlP North Cernf. Rm. 51udon1 
Cenrer. Bldg. B. 

,-------., =~ L __________ ~ .. 
11 .. _1 .. ,.. - 8at~ and poauc. ~ BSU

,

' 
wr~ be SftIIIng Mnburgers and hotdogs. punch and 
potMOI! d .:ps. All Blade SIuc2enI>. lawlly. and staff I 
wefcomef In ThIrd CoIk!gI! FiI!Ic2. 1 
.... IIIMY 1 
.... ,.. - SIudrnt Supper sponsor"ed by ItlP lutheran 1 
Comnunrty at UCSO. AU ar~ WI!Icome. In Ihr L.ounge of I 

~ luIhI!ran ChUrch. 1 
IAn.aAY 
... _ - Trip to 0tsneytandI Eve!)onrwelcome. ~ I 
11:30 am tom lk1111t1S11y Lutheran Chur<tl. BrIng SIS & 1 
SjlI!fld1ng rr"Ot1<)'. SIgn up belorr 0c1Dber 12. c. 452-1 
2521 mornings or 452-5720 ~. Sponsored by !hi! 1 
CaIIloHc 51udonl Coordinators. • . • . 

.. _------------------. 

INnM"AlN 
lUaDAY 
, .... - Evety Man lOr H«nseIf UCSO International 
Film Series. In MeA General ac2missIcrn Ss. SIUc2enls and 
Sf. CJtizens S3. 
...... - 'ltDlRh ... ~_ ...... 
MuIIC DepL In IKIIH. ,,--. 
WllDtJlSDAY 
...... - Music & f'orIry Music Dept. in MeRI"/, 
Ac2rnissicrn 12. 
, ...... ,.. - Comedian 51_ Hudson WI" proIIide a 
two-hour show in lhe Triton P\Jb. F~. 
........ - Bassit/COftllO'l!r BI!ft Turttzky and poet 

ShI!r~ Ann Williams otter an e' ..... "ng 01 poetry and music. 
In MCRH. 
1HI.alMY 
....... - 'ihI! Year of lMng Dangerousi}/" fi lm UEO. In 
MCA Mnrssicrn 52. 
.... pM-film .. 1heMaIt_FaIcon·· In USB 2 722. Adm. 
SI. 
MIllAY 7... .... - Kor~an Cultural MOIl!!! Kor~an Arn!rican 
Studt!na Assooatlon. In 7tH 104. Fr~ . 
, ..... - films "Targl!{ NtGllagua" & "~on !he 
Range" pc. I & 2. CWO. In USB 2722. Frel!. 
, ....... ,.. - 'ihI! Amazons" \1\1111 provrde twoh0ur5 
c:I rod< and rrw WiN/! dar)c~ music. Tmern Pull. Flee. 
........ - Alomrcafl!~formancos Music. In MeRH. 
Free. 
.... ,000II,.. - film "Alilhat Jazz" EMSSA. in !iSS 
2250. Adm. 51. 75. 
MYUmAY 
.... ... -lAJra OI!an OancI!rs and Muslcrans. UEO. In 
MCA. Q\ 510. lac/staff SB. UCSO students $6, 
SUNDAY 
II. ,.. - Queen lela & !he Bon T~ ZydI!co Band. 
UEO. In ~ Cafl! Q\ 55. slUdl!nlS S3. 

SOFT CONTACT LENSES 
-One Hour Service in most cases 

INCLUDES: 
Contact lenses, examination, 
patient training, follow up, 
chemical care kit and fitting. 
EXTENDED WEAR LENSES 
ONLY"'.OO 

THE CLASSICAL EYE 
DR. ROIERT HELLER 0PT0MmUST 

La Jolla Village Square 
(Inside the Mall; Lower Level) 

8657 Villa La Jolla Drive • Suite 1 36 
4H-7374 

VOLUNTEERS NEEDED 
lor the CaHfornla Teratogen 

Next Volt 

Complete 
CommUl"ou 

or Ipm-
For Additionul 

chemicals, and 
tl to an 

A ......... aIty p ell.ln_do.oI 
..reveatable birth deleets 

( '. \J.IIUR,\:L\ TElt\TO( J1~'\: IlliGISTI(Y, l 'Nr\'EI(SITY OF C\J.IIUI~,\:IJ\ 
;\IEI )IC\J. ('E~TEI{. SA.'\: DlEc:iO, DEI'.\JU;\/ E.,\:T OF I'EVI.\T/UCS,T-I)(lK-1J 

I ~ \ ,IOI.I ~\. C\. 9211ga 



.. 

. . 

ClCJIIIfted acMItIIIng ~ II IOId In 100 
character 1ncremeI .... Each 1tIIIw. punctuatIan 
mark and ~ betwMn warda II conlldlred a choroc..... wtItI c:opIIaI ........ counting 01 two 
character •. The role II $1.00 pel 100 charadera tor 
ItudenIa and $3.00 per 100 choroc:.fwa tor non-
aIudenIa. You II'IUIf come bV the oIIIc:e or moll In 
your ad, 01 WI MQUn parment In advallce of 
publication. Deadline; 5:00 pm T~ for 
ThurIdaY. pap-. 5:00 pm friday for Mondor" 
paper. For mar. information, coil .u~. !he 
GuardIan. UCSO.1-016. La Jolla, CA 92093. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Chinese Student Welcome Party. All rtfNoI studentsas 
weH as returning students are welcome! Come In 
and find out the awnts for this coming yea. Meet 
new friends. Free beverages. snacks and a lot cI funl 
Place: Intemotionol Center. Time: Friday night. Oct. 
14 from 6:30 pm to 12 midnight. Sponsored bV 
Chinese Student Association. (10/13) 
Halloween Costumes. Create your own unique 
oostume from our large selection cI wigs. hots and 
old clothing. Thrift Village. 7011 Lindo Vista Rd. SO; 
7f:£J 12th. SO. 7875 Broadway. Lemon GrQ\le. 300 W 
Main. EI Cajon. (10/27) 
The chips will be down Friday. Oct. 14 at Revelle 
Cosino Night. 8 pm In the Revelle Cafeteria. (10/10) 
ENGINEERS; FIND OUT MORE ABOUT AlERODVNAMICS 
IN ACTiON: COM: TO THE rv1E01ANlCAl 
ENGINEERING CLUB MEETING AND SEE A FILM ON Tff: 
ASME HU/'v\AN.f'OM:RED VlEHlaE DESIGN CONTEST. 
TUESDAY OCT.11 AT 5:30 PM (REVEliE INFORMAL 
LOUNGE) INFO CAll 452-8330. (10/10) 
Earn xtra cash. Sell subscriptions to USA Today. 
Temporary. Coli Shayne at 457-2743. (10/10) 
USA TODAY 15¢ Notionof & WOfcJt.t matters. Sports. 
Money. life. Great for class discussions. Subscllbe at 
special rote. Call Shayne at 457-2743 or write 911BE 
Regents Rd. La Jolla. CA 92037. Delivefy 0II0i1oble 
only on-compus locales & Mesa Apts. (10/10) 
Fantasy gomeros. are you looking for a OM. and 
willing to try a new game. Coli Mark at 274-4587. 
(10/10) 
AMES MAJOR? FIND OUT ABOUT ASM: PAPER 8: 
DESIGN COM'ETITIONS AT OUR ME CLUB IIItEETlNG. 
DOUG WATSON OF HP VVlLl SPEAK AND SHOW A FILM 
CLIP BE THERE TUESDAY OCT. 11 AT 5:30 pm AT 
REVELLE INFORMAL LOUNGE (10/10) 
Ate you Interested in a compalgn of Wizards World 
as soon at conventIOns. call Mark at 274-4587. 
(10/10) 

FOR SALE 
Carvih Electric Stereo GUitar. Exlnt Condo S180 . .Jeff 
942-5463. (10/10) 
Univ. City West End 4 BR. 1h BA. ottrac. HomeAssum 

11">'~ VA Loon. Reol borgoln5139.ooo 455-7195. No 
agents. (10/13) 
1972 Datsun 510 wgn 4spd runs greatl Economlcol. 
Drive it you'II buy it. 51600. 452-Q044 or 729-7620. 
(10/13) 
'83 Raichle Ladies ski boots. 6", like rtfNoI 5120 ObO 
call Lisa 453-1254 evenIngs (10/10) 
New Quazor 1000 compact steio system: metal. 
DolbV. APSS. great speakers. Only $200. Coli Scot at 
453-6719. (10/10) 
Ralph Lauren Polo & other fine men's weor suits 
coots shirts blackties WOfn before & cheap at resole 
For sizes & prices coli 459-5232 No jeans. (10/13) 
1979 Triumph Convertible m7 IWI/FM. 23.CXX> miles. 
good tires/top Sf:£JOO/offer call 274-5339 (10/13) 
10-speed Clubman bikel Yellow 21' ,". good shope. 
reliable. great campus comrruter - morns/eves 
481-0848. (10/10) 

Toyota 1970 Sprinter. New tires. 35rTlJQ. great 
transportation. SSOO/best afer. Dove _ 755-7917. 
(10/10) 
Single Water Bed. heater. filling ottochments. great 
shape. best offer. Azukl ten speed S65obo 755-7705 
(10/10) 

WANTED 
CMRSEAS ..oes - Summer 1 year round. ElIOP9. S. 
ArrIeK .. Aus1raIla. Asia. All Fields. S5OO-S1200 monthly. 
Sightseeing. Free info. WrIte 1JC Box 52 - CA - 19 
Corona Del Mar. CA 92625. (10/27) 
Wonted: Mole volunteers with presently 
syrrptomotlc nasal allergy. for studies cJ the 

etfect~ cJ a new injectable ood a new nasal 
medlcotion. For appointment ex further Information 
please phone 452-4156 (8 am to 4 pm). Volunteers 
cxe paid up to $fJ). (10/17) 
Help Wonted: Part time houseclelOnlng In Del Mar-
55 on hour CoIl Randy or Erik 48Hl271 (10/13) 
Experienced Babysitter 'NOnted. non-smoking, for 5 
month old in Del Ma. References required 755-3201. 
(10/10) 
Cruise Ship Jobs! $14-S28.CXX>. Corribeon. HawaiI. 
World. Coli for Guide. Directory. Newsletter. 1-916-
722-1111. (10/10) 

HOUSING 

Lorge Room in a nice house with flrepklce and 
spoclous yard. 481 MorvIew Solano Beach. 5267 mo. 
fist and IoIt plus $100 deposit. Coli Mike - PhysIcs 
grad; LCXIY - Lit undergrad. (Mole or female is OK). 
481-8169. (10/13) 

SERVICES 

WORD PROCESSING - Top Quality Work. 
Th~Diss. Exper. all formats. Topes/Edit. Vlsta. 726-
3087.(10/13) 
Typing theses. dissertations. technical. 
Fast/accurate. Low rates. Eve. 226-3047. Foe 
(10/10). 

PERSONALS 

Revelle Casino Night FAdov. Oct. 14 at 8 pm in the 
Revelle Cafeteria. (10/10) 
Clyde - Meet me at Revelle C asino Night. This is our 
chance to break the bonk I Be therel - Bonnie. 
(10/10) 
Peter - Would thot I could be the third Sigh. (10/10) 
There was a young man from UCSD 
Who liked to hong-glide for free. 
But a coreer he did need 
For he dropped hiS olrspeed 
And WONED helped him salve thiS need. (10/10) 
"If my friends could see me WOWEDI" (10/10) 
Get In step with STEP (10/10) 

~ ALL DEPARTMENTS ~ 
U.C.S.D. purCM;e orders accepted 

RUSIf ORDfRS AVAlLABLf - PICK-UP AlYD DfLWfRY 

11689 Sorrento VoliElY Rood 
Son Diego. California 92121 

453-5115 

1827 Fifth Avenue 
San Diego. California 92101 

239-4433 

7 

1\1 

14 

ACROSS 
1. An hem which adds a dimension to 
space 
5. A leaf which is a means rather than 
an end of sewing 
7. Would smeU as sweet by this name 
(Latin) 
8. Has both electric and vegetable forms 
10. World's besr farming nation (abbr. 
or not) 
11. What one's lake will do when it 
won't flow 
14. The old new place for kiwi berries 
17 The older this gets, the duller It gets 
2l. Both vegetable and imitation mmeral 
23 easoning leaves which one picks 
out of a watery inlet 
25. What one does to slugs. and what 
children properly refuse to eat 
28. A plum in its youth . now grown old 
30. Relative unwelcome in the garden 
31. A tree (or grass) by which magicians 
conceal things 
33. A sailor found applied to pruned 
branches 
36. A tropICal plant which procreates 
birds 
38. Used to tie branches to trunks 
40. A government agency whose name 
now belies its action (abbr.) 
42. A cucumber in a difficult position 
43 A fruit always found in couples 
DOWN 
l. A piece of luggage made of the hean 
of the tree 
2 A garden implement found on the 
legs of Renaissance gentlemen 
3 Two meaningle!>s but unaVOidable 
letters 
4 Corn easy to get lost in 

6. Through which one getS a potato's 
view of the world 
8. Legume in the present perfect, past 

. perfect and future perfect tenses 
9. The son of fire one uses in gardens 
12. Useful but foolish fenilizer (abbr.) 
13. Loudest pan of a tree 
15. The wisdom of nature: a good mulch 
produced by forest fires 
16. Moses found a divine way to 
contain water; here is profane one 
18. What Sanra repeats to good little 
gardeners 
19. To industrious gardeners a reward 
instead of a stick 
20. The other half of a gay bouquet of 
flowers 
21. A pulmonate gasrropod shot from a 
gun 
22. A useful if foolish animal to have 
around the garden 
24. A fruit one rakes to dinner and the 
theater 
26. An upwardly energetiC vine used to 
make liquor 
27. A difficuk poSition strawberries get 
into 
29. A son of pine to go to see in the 
same son of jacket 
32. First name of a green Viking 
explorer 
34. Affectionate form of address for an 
unwanted pest 
35. Form of the word agricultural used 
by coUegians 
37. One-up way to stop a tree growing 
higher 
39. One gets down off a dandelion, thiS 
you get from a dandelion 
41. In Texas If I thmk therefore I_&:_ 

ROBERTSVW 
914 • VW • BMW. AVDI Service 

German Car Specialists 
All work fully guaranteed. Factory-trained Specialist 
Mon .• Fri. 8 am . 5:30 pm; Sat. 8 am • 5 pm 

(619) 454-7823 4630 Mission Bay Drive 
(619) 454·3705 (1-5 to Balboa Exit) 
(619) 275-1132 San Diego, CA. 92109 
------------------T------------------

UCSDSPECIAL : 100/0 OFF 
4 cyl Tune-Up $45 I on all other repairs 
6 cyl Tune-Up $65 I (except for Motor and 

(Not valid with any other coupon) I Transmission Overhaul) 
With This Coupon : (Null1olid wilh (/ny ulher ('oupun) 

I With This Coupon 
"""~W"W'II,.."".",Offers good IIntit October 31, 1983i1V11pv¥III'IIftIpv¥~ 


