
, 
.. , 

I ( ~ 
'" -\ • • 

. - ~\JJ. 
, 

() .. 

o 



A UCSD Humanities Institute for high 
school teachers of college-bound 
students will begin in the summer of 
1984 with a S234.000 grant from the 
National Endowment for the 
Humanities. Dr. Ronald Berman. 
professor of literdture at UCSD. will 
serve dS director of the institute. which 
will be administered by UCSD 
Extension. It is deSigned to increase the 
critical thinking dnd writing skills of 
high school students by immersing their 
tedchers in gredt humdnist texts and by 
allowing tedchers access t~ prominem 
humanist scholdrs. Some 50 high school 
tedc hers. chosen by t~lr schools, will 
,mend the inttidl five-week ses ion on 
the UC D campus next summer. They 
Will receive a 1.000 sllpend to duend 
and will re£urn to the campus duri ng 
the school yedr for semmars with 
nationally prominent humdnist scholars. 
UCSD Extension Will pubh h the 
mSlI[ute stud}, materi,lls as .I book. 
which IS expected to become .I model 
for other school districts. 

• 

A $377.000 contraCl to help outheast 
Asian refugees in San Diego become 
accultur,l[ed has been dwarded to the 
Center for Indochinese Health 
Education ,It the UC D Medical Center. 
The renewdl contract IS with the 
Cdhfornia Depanment of oclal Services. 
which first funded the program tn 1980. 
The comract wtl\ hn,lnce two major 
areas 01 the re~ ' 'ce progr,lIn. One IS 
deSigned to he newcomers emer the 
hedhh care sy em ,md the other IS a 
new me7t1ealth progmm. 

• 

At their o\'ember meeting. the UC 
Regents approved the observation of the 
newly eSlabhshed Mallin Luther Ktng 
hohd.1Y, st,lnmg m 1984 Also .1pproved 
W.lS the ,lppOtntment and .,alary 01 
t,mley A Chodorow as dean of al1S 

.1nd sciences .Il UC D. and Ilohdan 
Lcwndowskl JS a Rege nts' Profes~r. The 
n,unmg of the new classroom bUlldtng 
Jt Thml College received official 
,1pprov,11 a the Roben O. Peterson Hall . 

• 

Fmancldl aid is still .lV,l ildble to 

-

students who have not registered for the 
drdft. In a move unprecedented for a 
stale school system, the University of 
California (aU nine campuses) went on 
record as offering altemative aid to 
student non-regismmts. primarily 
because officials felt the Solomon 
Amendment would make the universities 
policing agents for Selective Service. All 
UC schools will continue to offer CAL 
Grants. University Workstudy and 
Regents' Scholarships and wiR replace 
affected fund s for NDSL. SEOG and 
Federal Workstudy for student non-
registrants. The I n Diego Committee 
Agdinst Regis tra tion and the Draft 
(CARD) has researched alternative 
sources of financI,11 aid and the steps 
necesSdry to obtain It. For more 
informtllion contact CARD .I t 283-6878. 

• 

More actions are planned in San 
Diego tomorrow and S.uurday to focus 
on the contiued opposition to the 
deployment of the Cruise missiles in 
Europe . The Alliance for Survival and 
the Ballast Point OrganiZing Project are 
cosponsoring a candlelight vigil 
tomorrow at 4:30 pm In from of the 
Convair plant at 3302 Pacific Highway. 
The site was hosen because 
components for the Cruise misstles now 
bemg deployed tn Europe are produced 
,\( the Convair facility. On Saturday 
there Will be a gathering at the Organ 
PaVillIOn In Balbo.l P'lrk. begi nning at 11 
am. It Will continue with a march and 
end with a communi ty picniC at noon. 

• 

Senator Roben Presley Will Introduce 
legislation In 1984 to place the sal.mcs 
of top higher education OfftCldls under 
peclfl c legislative control. Presley c1mms 

thJt current .saLmes, IIldudmg benefits. 
,1re "outr..lgeous." The 'hancellor of the 
<;t.1te college ,md university system 
currently makes $80,000 J year. $95,000 
mcludmg benefits. The UC preSident'S 
saldry was recently r-aised from $94.000 
to $150,000. "The recem raise granted 
the new UC president ($56,000) would 
have pdid for a yedr of college for 8-10 
studems: sa id Presley. 

UCSDeja Vu 
1970 .. 

A Rege nts' comlTiission. which has 
been studYing the campus press t\l the 
University of C.llifornlJ Jnd ,ICTllSS the 
n,lI ion for the last eight months, 
recommended yesterdJY th,\( student 
newsp,lpers est.lblish ,1 gre,1! dc,lI more 
,Iutonomy from the Unive rsity 
..Idmln istmuon th,\[ currently eXists. 

An mvestigalllln of the c,lmpus press 
usc of "obscenity" h,ld been speclfic..llly 
c,tlled lor in .1 ch,lrgc w the 
Cllmmisslllll . but thl' repol1 pl.lyed down 
the IInpOl1..1nCC 01 this issue. Thc I.ICk of 
"dull wler,mce , It cl.limed. nll1still1tcd ,I 
double 5t.md.lrd" which llld.ly's 

ull1l'erslty ~tudent h.ls every right w 
reg.lTd .b pro'll 01 the m.Hun: 
gener,lIlon'5 hYPllCriSY 
1971... 

One of the m,lst Innucntlal men 111 
the 201h lCl1tury .lI1d UC pl'llfl'ssnr-al -
1.lrgc Edw,lrd T cllcr vlslled UCSD 1.lst 
Wednesd'l)' Teller IS rcrh,lp~ bl,~t 

knO\~n to the public .IS two things' the 
I,Hher" of the II -bomb . • md .IS the 

target 01 rccent III till,lIlt student pmtest 
culinlll.lllllg In Ihe 1I10l.k ,1\\'Md ,11 the 
"Dr Str..lngclo\'c Prl ZC" III hllll 1,lst yc.lr 

1972 .. . 
In the "Al l I W,lI1t for Christmas" 

column John Stewart asked: Please se nd 
me Yoscmitc N,\( ion,11 P,lrk m ,I lillie 
box. so I (,10 reconstruct it m the Muir 
Pi.tza . EI Capit.1I1 is so much nicer th.ln 
buildmg 20. Howcver. if you C,\I1't bring 
me Yoscmite, then could }'ou m.lybe 
build a ski slope on the side of 2D? 
1978 .. . 

Prnfcssnr Joh n Best 01 the UCSD 
Sl: honl of Med lcinc, ,I long with 15 llt hn 
scIl'mists .lIld lnountJm cli mbers. Will bc 
sc.lli ng t h ~ heights nl Mt El'erest. 
Acl'llrd mg III West . . 1 ph}'SIOltlgist Wh'lSt: 
studies c'l'ntcr llll thl' lung. the go.11 01 
thl' expedition wtll h ... to Ie.lrn ,lhout the 
cI kcts llf SCl'erl' 'lx}'gen t!cpm·,ItI 11n on 
the lunctillning Ill' th ... hum.1Il bod)" 
1979 ... 

led Ken1l<.:dy·s presldcnll .11 l:,I111p,lign 
1.'.1'11C tn r1w L t -.n 1\kd Il,d . chool for 
.lIl hour I'ml,l), 1 hl' l'I'lt pmduced 
nmhlllg exrr.\,mh".I1) llll Ihe 1l,\lIon,11 
P'lIIlIL"11 " 'c,,,' hut g.11'l' the c.l1npu5 .1 
Illllk ,It ,I 111.111 "1.11\) thlllk \ull 'lKTeed 
hi , hnlthl' r .h prl" ldl'1l! 

- ClIRI5TOPIIER ANOLE 

AS Forum 
Fiscal responsibility and a drive to Increase the size of the AS budget have 

been the focus of the Craig Lee administration. There can be no doubt that in 
and of themselves these are positive goals and guideUnes to adhere to in any 
government. Yet where this administration goes aWl}' is in hs abstention from 
any real involvement in political issues that effect the student body. 

In aU of its enthusiasm directed toward money management, this student 
government has left behind a fragmenred leadership. unconcerned with 
fundamental human issues. It appears that Commissioner of External AlIairs, 
Usa Stenmaric. has been left in a comer hardly supported by the Council in her 
attempts to bring political and educational promotions on campus. "It is not 
only their responsibility as student leaders." said Stenmaric.. "but as human 
beings to address themselves to the political issues of the day." Off in another 
comer Academic Affairs Commissioner Ken Davenpon has been left the 
difficult task of initiating the Office of Student Advocate. The office. if 
implemented. will serve the whole student body in the protection of individual 
student rights , , 

These projects have nm been ignored by 
the AS, nor have they been ac tively 
supported by it With adequate fund s or 
people power. RatheJ:, the AS has turned its 
resources toward pubhc relanons ,lIld 
profit-making proJects. The AS Calendar. if 
it makes money. will hJve been the major 
accomplishrmm of this yeM's Council. 
Yet. at thiS point the AS Council has lost a 
considerable amount of credibil ity. It is 
difficult to be accountable as a council 
when the criteria for the selection process 
were radlcaDy changed from those that 
were onginaUy stated. If Representanve 
Ricks had been honest at the outset and 
stated that good looks was the sole criteria 
for the selection . though some grumbling 
may have revemerated through campus, 
the Idea would have gained accepl4nce. 
Aesthetics sells products: it's the-American way; love it or leave it. right? But 
please, the least that people expect is honesty and integrity from elected 
offtcials .... 

Commissioner of Communications Tim Pickwell , on the other hand , must be 
applauded for taking a stance on what he believed to be true: an unresponsible 
media that receives AS aUocations disproponionate to student benefit. Right or 
wrong, PickweU must be commended for action according to conviction. At the 
same time it has been more than satisfying to see reaction by the altemanve 
media and by students who exercized their seemin~ forgotten right to express 
their concerns about AS monetary expenditures and the philosophicaltssues 
involved. . 

If the consciouSlless of the student body was in the leaS{ bit opened up to the 
vdluable functions of media in society . Iet.alone the airing out ofleftist political 
views and the plights of ethnic people in our society. the whole media episode 
served a useful if not a lofty purpose. 

- S~n R. Friedman 

New classroom named 
after fast-food founder 
By JAMES RALPH PAPP 

The UC Board of Regents has 
approved the name of the new Third 
College classroom building to be Roben 
O. Peterson HaD. According to UCSD 
offtcials . Peterson is UCSD's most 
generous individual benefactor; he is 
also the founder of the fast-food chain 
Jolck in the Box. 

In L 972 Peterson gave UCSD a major 
collection of Impressionist paintings. 
and he has also made a number of 
major contributions to the Scnpps 
Institution of Oceanography, as well as 
being ilctively involved in the Theater 
and Arts Foundation of San Diego. 
whose activities culminated in the 
buildtng of the MandeD Weiss Center 
fo r the Performing Arts in 1982. 

The Mandell Weiss Ce nter is another 
recent example of a new campus 
building being tldmed after .I donor. 
There is also the Gildred Foundarion 
Cancer Rese.lrch Center. affili.lted with 
the UCSD Medical Center. Except for 
the Mandeville Center and the 
Mandeville Suite (named after Ernest 
MandevlDe, an early benefactor). UCSD 
bUildings have been named for eminent 
profcssors .lnd ships of explor.ltion in 
Rel'cDe. the function and occupants of 
the bUildings 111 MUir Jnd Third ,1Ild 
Cllt fornl,1 explorers in W,lITen. SC rippS 

Institution itself, on which UCSD was 
founded. was named after EDen 
Browning Scripps and her brother E.W. 
Scripps. who were its major sources of 
financial suppon. 

All names for buildings and streets in 
campuses of the University of California 
must be approved by the Regents in 
executive session. whether the name is 
to honor a donor or a distinguished 
faculty member or other public figure . 

Endowed chairs are a more common 
method at UCSD of hononng particular 
people. Some are named for the 
benefactor of the chair and some for a 
person the benefactor (sometimes 
Jnonymous) chOO5es. 

One Cdnnot prove that naming 
build ings and endowments after the 
donor increases the number and 
dmount of the gifts (although 
ocC.lStOnolUy the name IS a condiuon of 
the gift). Ho\\e ver. the benefactor is 
d!ways pl(,dsed at the recognition. 

A nVoll 01 UCSD. the University of S.m 
Diego. IS currently engdged In $30 
million worth of Construction The 
projects Include the Copley Library. Olin 
Found,mon Sc hool of Business, 
MJm:hestcr Executi ve Conferenlc 
Center ,lIld 11.1hn chool of ursing. 

Students'take control of 
University Center plans 
By CHRISTOPHER CANOlE 

The earliest college union , founded at 
Cambridge University. England. in 1815. 
w.lS Iiteraly a union of three debating 
societies. In 1823 students at Oxford 
University organized a union and in 
1857 built their own quaiters. including 
a debating haU, reference library. dining 
room, meeting rooms; lounges, billiard 
room and offices. Student unions in 
England have played such a large part 
in preparing students for participation 
in public life that they have come to be 
known as "the cradle of the British 
Parliament." . 

The latest coDege union. possibly 
completed by 1987 here at UCSD. has 
also become the focus of debate. most 
recently between the SCB and the Che 
Cafe and the Guardian . At the 
conclusion of that encounter everyone 
became more aware of the need for 
more facilities to improve the quality of 
student life at UCSD. 

like the students at Oxford, who took 

mailers into their own hands. students 
here at UCSD will be able to determine 
the activities. facilities , services. and 
programs to be designed into our 
University Center. 

On December 4. 5 and 6 at the 
registrar's office and on December 8 and 
9 at EDNA, UCSD students will be given 
the opportunity to take control in the 
planning of our University Center by 
completing a comprehensive 218-
question survey. The survey includes the 
student's background. campus programs 
and activities, convenient days for 
activities. most effective forms of 
campus communication. preferences for 
music events, movies, dance 
performances, theater presentations, and 
speakers, how often a student would 
attend activities. desired facilities and 
services and types of food services and 
other commercial enterprises. 

The questionnaire includes requests 
for, unlike the Student Union at 

. 

universities sueh as UCLA and SD~U . 
student-run co-ops, such as the Che 
Cafe. Assorted Vinyl. a computer co-op. 
a general store. recycling center and 
student bookstore . 

The most important feature of the 
survey is that the programs students 
select wiH determine the structural 
j::\esign of the University Center. This 
will be' a welcome change from the old 
frustration of having to fit a program 

/Jrc(, l11ocr 1. 1983 3 
NE:W~ 

into an inadequate space. Programs will 
not be competing for space, because 
students will be able ro voice their 
needs and desires through the survey 
questionnaire, which will control the 
layout plan . 

The resulting University Center will 
improve the quality of a student's UCSD 
experience. If it provides for our needs. 
this is our choice. 

UC faculty hold winter vote for bargaining 
By PHIL WILLON 

The University Council of the 
American Federation of Teachers (UC-
AFT) is attempting to represent the 
2.000 non-Academic Senate faculty 
members at aD the UC campuses who 

currently do not belong [0 a union. 
These faculty members hold positiOns as 
lecturers. associates. supervisors of 
teacher education and physical 
education and visiting professors. 

Tom Dublin . UCSD History professor and vice preSident of the UC-AFT: "The University is 
afraid of unions." 

,.... , . 
~ ' " 

. \ . 

A vote called by the Public 
Employment Relations Board will be 
held in Januaty among these educators 
ro determine whether they want 
collective bargaining representation from 
the UC-AfT. 

"We now have the opportunity to 
vote for a bargain ing agent who will deal 
directly with the University for decent 
wages, hours and working conditions: 
said Nancy Elnor, UC-AfT president. 

As a result of the Higher Education 
Employer-Employee Relations Act 
passed in 1979, university employees 
have the right to vote for a union to 
represent them collectively in their 
negotiations with the UniverSity. 

Tom Dublin, UCSD hisrory professor 
and vice president of the UC-AfT, 
commented that If there is widespread 
support to ulllonize, the University will 
become more responsible to the needs 
of the non-Senate facu lty . 

Currently these ed ucaroTS have Imle 
gua rantee of reem ployment at the end of 
their contract (which can last from one 
quarter). Elnor commented that WIth the 
burden of finding work, fac ulty members 
will have a hard time devoti ng thei r 
time and energy to educanng students. 
She we nt on to say thdt If they .Ire 
eligible to be rehired it is usuaUy "at the 
arbit ra ry whim of the depa rtment chair." 

If the UC-AfT is chosen to represent 
the non-Senate faculty it will bargain for 
gl'C'ater job security and a revamping of 
the rehiring process. 

The official position of the University 
is against any collective bargaining 
representation for its employees. 
Michael Melman, manager of labor 
relations at UCSD. said that the 
University is not anti-union but agamst 
this collective bargaining resolution 
because of the limits it puts on the non-
Senate faculty. 

He went on to say that currently any 
employee or group of employees may. 
individuaDy or through J representative , 
present grievances ro the Unive rs ity and 
have them addressed. If exclusive 
representation by the UC-AFT is passed, 
then the non-Senate faculty would have 
to abide by whatever the union chooses 
to bargain for. "Different facul ty and 
schools may have different interests," he 
said. 

To SUppOI1 their viewpoint, Nancy 
Elnor Solid. the University raked off over 
$150,000 from re earch and -
development funds to hire personnel 
who would cam paign against the 
possible collec tive bargaining 
representation. 

"The University is afraid of un ions." 
said Tom Dublin . 

Dr. Leventhal 
1· Hour Contacts & Glasses' 

Extended Wear Lenses 
with thll ad 

Hydrocu~ IIIenM1. 
~ .. lYle .. exira. 

You con W8CI Extended 'Neat Contact I..enIeI contInuouIIy tor twc>weeks. 
Work. play and liMP in theIe lJItft>thIn. comtortabIe IenIes and wok&-up 

I88ing clearly with no dally cleaning hassIeII 
1.000·, In atock • No appointment neceaary 

'Most COllI. One /'Q.r ~ at Spcm Alena. *IQIe YIIIon ontv. 

Call Dr. Leventhal Mission Valley 692·EVES Dr, Suder Paclftc Beach 273-EVES 



Editorial 

Sexual harassment: 
Time to crack down at UCSD 

The problem of sexual harassment within the University of 
California has alternately been ignored, glossed over, denied and 
whitewashed. But not anymore. UC Berkeley's Academic Senate 
came out last week with a statement asking professors to act (can 
it be?) as professionals in their relationships with students. The 
statement is toothless in terms of enforcement, but it sets some 
wonhwhile precedents. 

Most importantly, it indicates a willingness on the ran of UC 
professors to publicly confront the problem instead 0 hiding 
behind the tatterea shield of academe and archly proclaiming that 
it is an "internal problem" that is beyond the ken of mere monals. 
The fact is that sexual harassment is a widespread problem that 
the ERA and all the academic, liberal psychobabble in the world 
cannor hope to cure. 

Your opinions are worthless 
if you keep them to yourselr. The Guardian 's opinion seclion is intended to 
prOVide an open forum for students, staff and faculty to exchange their views on 
anything from car rallies to the Kremlin. In all cases where there are space 
limitations, student pieces will take precedent over those of faculty or staff 
members. Don't get mad, get wrIting. Requirements for le((ers and Commentary 
pieces are outlined below. 
Commentary Commentary pieces are open to any concerned individual as 
well as Guardian staffers. They should be three to four pages in length (typed, 
double spaced, 72-space lines) and have a clear thesis. They may be rebuttals to a 
Guardian story or letter, but the writer should concentrate most of his or her effort 
on making a point. The anicles will be edited for grammar and speUing, but any 
major changes will be cleared with the author prior to publicalion. Inclusion of 
name and phone number is a must. 
leaers Leaers to ,he editor should be one to twO pages in length and are 
normaUy reserved for those who wish to object to and/ or commend on an anicle 
or letter that ;Appeared in Ihe Guardum. Any letter of general interest to UCSD 
students, however, will be conSidered. Letters must be typed and cany the writer's 
name and telephone number. Leaers maybe edited for space considerations, but ., 
corrections are not made to spelling and grammatical errors. 

UCSD has recently instituted a program to help victims deal 
with the pressures of harassment, but it leaves the perpetrators free 
and clear. What is needed is an inflexible set ot guidelines that, 
instead of half-heanedly stamping out a few fires, goes to the root 
of the problem and makes it clear to professors who seduce their 
students that they are putting their academic careers at risk. 

The defense most commonly employed by defensive members of 
the faculty is to point out that it is extremely difficult to separate a 
mutual relationship from one in which the aggressor (professor) is 
wielding his power over the student. It is strange that professors 
can point out the ills of society, find fault with the president, 
analyze the activities of multinational firms and pick apan the 
human spirit; yet they are unable to prevent the crueller members 
of their fraternity from behaving like rats in a fenility experiment. 

Thanks 
I would like to take this opportunity to extend my deepest gratitude to the 

following people (listed semi-alphabetically): John Ashlee, Michael Heinous, 
Tim August, Jeff Bolscheid, Phil Barham, Canole, Bruce Darling, Ml,rc Fannon, 
Pauoool Farwen, Da~ Aerninger, Mike Greenberg, Hacienda, John 
Howdoyollspellbrice, Andropov Kielerev, Lisa Lapin, Philby Lauder, Linda 
lewis, G. Gordon Liddy, T. Christopher MiUer, Val McMullin, Chris Milke, 
Clydene Nee,John Nee, Dave Orner, James Ralph Papp, Rich Pecjac, Tom 
Rutter, Ralph, Kenny Roberts, Wendy Paulson, Mike Stevens, Lymberger (a slow 
ripening cheese), Jeff Savage, Ste~ Stoyanow, Caty Tinkle, Tom Urbach, Dr. 
Maneck S. Wadia, Chris Young. and the fat Rumanian woman. These 
individuals, and many others, are responsible for my current state of ill health, 
bed aemper, and financial insolvency. For this I am eaemalv grateful. I would 
also Itke to thank the people of La Jolla for the warrndI of the diesel exhaust 
they haw spewed tn my (ace. . 

ll<eilit<err~ll<efdt<eIf~n ceilitceIf ~llcefdtce;If~n<eilit<elrln<ellit~lrSll<!ttit~lrSn(!ilit<elr.ll<ellit<elrln<eilit<elr.n<!ilit<eJr 
tt<ert'~letterSncefdt<eIf~n®ilitceIf~·llcellitce;rr~n<!ttitf;If$ll<ellit<err.ll<etttterrlll<!ttfcelrln<ellit<!lrlll<!{tit<!lrille 
If ~ II cettttcel'f ~n ®lt~®rr ~ n ®fdtce;l'f~n ce;ilit®If ~ll cettit<elrlll<eilit<elr.ll~\tltelrlll<etttt<eIrlll<etttt<elr~ll<ettft<elrlll<eilit n®lt~®rr~n®ilit®lf~ll~fdt<elr~nce~ttce;lr~n<eltttceIrlll~\tlt<elr~n~fHteIr~n<p)ilit<ert'll~ ilit<!Irlfi<ettit<elrlil<eilit<eIrU-
Editor: 

We are a group of nordic students in 
San Diego. During the past weeks we 
have been getting together with the idea 
of establishing an • Association of Nordic 
Students and their Families" in this city. 

Since we share a lot of elements in 
our culrures and backgrounds, we feel it 
is an interesting idea to get together 
once in a while to share our mutual 
interest; maybe It could lead to a better 
future for a stronger and larger nordic 
student body in this pan of the world . 

For the purpose of our initial 
meeting, we have received a generous 
invitation from National University for 
an evening of wine and cheese. We 
wish to extend this invitation to each 
and every one of you and your families 
to join us on Friday, December 2 from 
5-7 pm at National University, 4007 
Camino del Rio South , Room 309. 

We have tried to obtain the names of 
all nordic students in the city for this 
invitation , but in the probable event that 
we have missed some, it would be a 
good idea if you contact your nordic 
friends and inform them of our meeting. 

If you need more information in this 
regard, please give us a caU. 

Editor: 

Rolf Brandes 
450-0639 

I <1m deeply disappointed from your 
unnecessary attack against me in 
Mond.lY's Guardian. I can 't imagine why 
your writer, Christopher Cmole, would 
spend so much time critil:lzing a 
fundmislng project to bl'nefit .Ill 
U.C.S.D. students ... 

I volunteered for the responsibility as 
I thought the calendars would be an 
excellent way to "generate monies to 
further benefit student life al U.C.S.D." 
Can ole failed 10 mention this. He did 
mention that I "wanted il look th,1t 
would sell c.llendurs ..... Should I have 
made a calendar Ihm wouldn't sell? 

Cmole also erroneously contended 
th.lt the ,Ipplic.mts who submitted 
pictures taken for them didn 't make the 
cillendar. .. Wh,H 'Ibout Alex DiSuvero? 
HIS pICture WJS taken ,\I the photo 
session .md he made it tn . As to 
em ole's unfounded claim that I knew 
nothing about each month's academic 
or Jthlenc activltles. wrongly suggesting 
that those qu..llines made no difference 
in the selectilm. only d,lrifies that I was 
not involved in the selection process ... 

Si nce the calc nd.lr W,IS ,I volunteer 
projeCt. it IS deJr th,1( none of the 
students Involved with the c,llcndar 
were paid in any way. They were 
rew,Jr(\cd With their pictures or n.llnes 
in the ' ,llend.lr. The only people p,lid 
were th.: printing ,tnd public.ltion 
(ompanics, neither of whkh wcre 
named In the c,tlendar. 

All or this is ,m cxpIJn,ltllln tll clarify 
somc of em ole's r,llse dJims 10 
Mond'IY's Gua,.diall . We on thc A.5. com 
usu..llly depend on the GIUI"lwll writers. 
suc h ,IS Stc"e Frin\mJn. to sun:essfully 
report A.5 . cvents. The U CS.D. 
c,lle nd.lrs Jrc ,\ gre.1( ,'chide III generate 
money rllr the tudcnts . • md I hopl.' 
everyone is cx(itcd .IS I .un to pl,lO the 
el'ems IW \\,111 be .lble tll fund .IS ,\ result 
or the (.llend.lrs 

The AS. IS pl'<lud 01 thiS pr(ljcc[ ,IS it 

is a tasteful representation of U.C.S.D., 
to be a tradition for years to come. I 
didn't deserve such rre-atment as 1 put 
the project together myself from scratch 
to benefit students and get people 

III.vI.cd in an A.S. project. 
I am surprised the Guardian didn't 

support such a great prqect th<lt I am 
very proud of... 

Grq Ricks 

lj(9)Gu~ 
Copy Editor 

James Ralph Papp 
Opinion Editor 
Thomas Rankin 

Associate News Editors 
Mike Greenberg 

Editor 
Tim August 

Managing Editor 

Lisa upin 
fealU~' Editor 
Chris Young 
An. Editor 

Andrew Keeler 
As50CialE Ans Editor 

John Nee 
Spans Edimr 
Jeff Savage 

Pilato Editor 
Rich Pecjak 

The UCSD GUllrdian is published 
Mondays and Thursdays during the 
academic year by students at UCSD. 
Reproduction or use without 
permission of any ponion of this 
newspaper is stricdy prohibited . Not 
r.:sponsible for unsolicited 
manuscripts or an. 

Our office is localed southeast of 
the Revelle Provost Office on the 
UCSD campus. The Business Office 
IS open from 9 am to noon and I 
pm to 5 pm 

Phil Lauder 
General Manaser 
. Chris Milke 

AsIociate General Managen 
Linda Lewis 

Valerie McMuUin 
PbocDiraphas 

Richard Caterina 
Rob friedenthal 
Mark Johnson 
·David NeweO' 

WUItI'IlOI'I 
John Ashlee 

GameD Fitz-Henley 
Kathy Morrow 
Typesetten 

Angle Lapid 
Phil Lauder 

.Andy Laurence 
Chris Osterwalder 

Production 
Hana Abrams 

Lisa Jones 
Vesna Kulasinovic 

Kelley Neal 
The UCSD GUllrdian 

UCSD,8-0l6 
L. Jolla, California 92093 

(619) "52-3"66 

The Guardian puzzle 

Match the correct letter with the photo: 

A Little Miss MutJet 
B Chicken Little 
C Humpty Dumpty 
D Willie N illie 
E 1966 Chevrolet Impala 

AlI __ \OC; .. _-'SoloU.S. ~o.-------'-~--------------'-----------:;!1111~-:=::::~~E:------' 

Imported Mooseh_ Sta .. head aid aden'" the mt. 



Nicaragua: 
The politics of conflict 
By PHIL BARHAM 

Political rension is very high in El 
Salvador. Rumors of a military coup d'etat 
have spread throughout the c,'pita!. 
These rumors were srarked by the 
unexpected arrival 0 four high-ranking 
Reagan administration officials 1,1St 
week. This on top of recent military 
defeats to the rebels of the Farabundo 
Marti National Llberalion Front (FMLN) 
and the people's disenchantment with 
rhe repressIOn of the right have created 
a crisis of government. 

San Salvador radiO reports that 
Gutierez, one of the twO milital)' leaders 
involved in the 1979 reformist junta , has 
the suppOrt of the US to st,'ge a coup. 
GUllerez denied such claims but fueled 
debate by stating that "any change 
would have to be for the better." 

The Reagan Administnllion's solution 
lO the conflict is clear yet ineffective. 
The major priority is lO continue 
allowing US milital)' advisors to train 
the "new" Salvadoran Hunter Battahons 
(remIniscent of Somoza's National 
Guard), which will be ready in two years 
to uproot the revolutionaries on their 
own turf and stabilize the nation. THe 
FMLN's turf is El Salvador, because all of 
this tiny nation , which contains five 
million people, is inhabited. The 
revolutionaries live and work among the 

" 

pe.lsants , for there is no place to retreat 
from the Salvadoran army, The 
revolutionJries have built a relationship 
with the Salvadoran people based on 
mutual survivaL The survival of the 
revolution to El Salvador requires and 
receives the suppOrt of rhe people they 
are tl)'ing to-liberate , If you do not 
believe this then .Isk yourself who feeds 
the guerillas, known ro them as "the 
boys"; where do they obtdin updates on 
the am,y's movements, and who 
prOlecrs the people from the army, 

The sccond goal of the 
Administration is lO place pressure on 
rhe oligarchy to end its death squad 
approach ro polirics. The crearion of the 
right wing death squads from the ranks 
of the off-duty army, national guard, and 
police have resulted in 46,000 murders 
in the laS! four years. Yet none of Ihis is 
new in El Salvador. An insurrection 
staged on j.muary 22, 1932, was easily 
squelched by an informed military. 
However, the oligarchy wanted to send 
a message to the people not ro rebel 
again and ordered rhe slaughter of over 
30,000 peasants in three days. 

Finally, .Ifrer rhe SUCCl'SS of the 
AdminiS!r.ltion's two cartier goals, a new 
Salvadomn politiC.Il climdte will anow 
"free" elel.:tions to be held in the hope 
of electing .1 ml,der.lle reformist leader. 

FINANCIAL AID 
RECIPIENTS 

Check disbursement dates for 
Winter and Spring QuarterS 1984 

have been moved ahead, 

Once your fees are paid, 
you may claim your 

finanCial aid checks at the 
Loan Administration Office, 

Building 211 in the 
Administrative Complex 

from 9:00 am to 4:00 pm, 
during the following days: 

Winter Quarter 1984 
January 4 • January 20, 1984 

Spring Quarter 1984 
March 28 . Apr' l 13, 1984 

...................................... BGV~ .......... .. 

BE SURE TO HAVE AVAILAFf : YOUR 
NEW PHOTO IDENTIFICATI k" CARD. 

Oreams die hard in US foreign policy, 
especially when one is trapped in an 
Easr-West perspective. 

These goals O\Ierlook the major factor 
In Salvadoran politics. This faclOr is the 
link of corruption bondmg the 
conservative officers of the military lo 
the side of the oligarchs. After the revolt 
of 1932 the oligarchy has insured its 
interests by buying off the conservarive 
faction of the mililary with business 
deals, land, and money. \Vith any 
challenge to the oligarchy, the 
emergence of repression and the 
intoleran<:e of opposition ar.pears as the 
military right reasserts itscl . Even the 
oligarchs cannot force constant 
repression and thus must relieve the 
system by allowing the progreSSive 
officers a chance to saage a coup d'etat . 
However, as soon as land reform 
me.lsures are perceived as going tOO far, 
the right reemerges. This political cycle 
has occurred six times in El Salvador 
since 1932, This political cycle is 
guaranteed by the military's connection 
with the oligarchy and the wiDingness of 
the US to fight the Moscow connection 
instead of to confront a history of 

American-supported repression. 
The cycle is about to go into motion 

again with the resurgence of the right 

and its accompanying repression. Over 
the past few monlhs the right has 
increased the use of the death squads to 
eliminate trade unionists, student 
leaders, .lnd peasants believed 10 be 
rebel informants. Also, the right has 
blocked all measures of land reform and 
denied the opposition the chance to 
participate in the formulation of a new. 
constitution. 

The first of the new Hunter Battalions 
have had little success in recent weeks. 
The ijattalions made two sweeps of rebel 
strongholds while the FMLN took over 
60 towns. Ncwswah reports "new 
recruits neeing from battle or waiting for 
rebels to withdraw before reoccupying a 
vilage." There are definite problems with 
morale among trOOps, who are taken 
into the service as early as age 15. 
Soldiers are forced to fight out of fear of 

pos~ible retaliation against their families. 
The current political repression and 

military failures perhaps wiD lead to a 
refonniSt coup and the beWnning of the 
seventh cycle. Yet we mua also realize 
that the oligarchs have guaranteed the 
reemergence of the right. Unless we 
engage al political groups ill the 
refonnalion of the Salvadoran political 
process and halt the corrupt link forged 
by the oligarchy with the military, you 
might as well say, "Play it again, Sam." 

--------1 
SPECIAL I 

I 
%PRICE : 

HAIRCUTS!: 
With -nu. Co.po. : 

& .... 11121... I 
Allo., My Pentl Speciall 

.. ~. ~ ~ ~~".\. ~4';,~ ~Ii. +.~ t. 
col'!/' 

10amto6pm ~ 
Tuesday thru Saturday Pe ...... 

N ..... 

0"'4> 
v Gr,lI1d Aw ~ - ~~~~--~~ 

483-6721 
4288 Cas. St. \<.0 ~ , 

I PB ;i, lhll .. ),,~Avr Coli fur ApPollltmell1 L __________________________________ ---

DrwlIlxr I , 1983 7 
NEWS 

,.... ,-;. • ~, ..... • '. ,.. ;.., • Z • 

CalPIRG flunks legislature, 
pushing full steam ahead 

CalPIRG was involved in a successful effort 10 pass a 
"Right-to-Know" ordinance in San Oiego last spring. 
The measure requires companies to make information 
public about the type, quantity and location of 
hazardous materials they handle , produce, dispose of 
or slOre. Under the ordInance, they are also required 
to provide information about the possibile health and 
environmental effects of the substances and 

, instruclions on how to deal with emergencies caused 
by leaks or explosions. 

With the additional factual information provided by 
the passage or Ihe ordinance, UCSO students are 
currently compiling a Hazardous Materials Risk 
Assessment Study (HMRAS) which will help 
communilies in the San Diego area determine their 
potential for toxic exposure. The evaluation is based 

By ETHAN FEERST 
With the pursuit of more than half a dozen projects 

to continue through next year, ucsO's CalPIRG 
chapter has ascended 10 its most active stage since its 
inception in 1972. The most significant change for 
CalPIRG at UCSO took place in 1978 when a student 
referendum established a waivable $2 per quaner fee 
into UCSO's registration syStem. According to Lynn 
Nesselbush , UCSO's campus coordinator, "Students 
realized earty on that in order 10 achieve tl!eir goal -
that of crealing and organization which would allow 
them 10 have impact on public policy - they must 
fund the organization in a strong and stable manner. 
The funding provided by a fee aUows students to 
devote their efforts to the projects and issues they are 
concerned about." 

The 1978 system was successful in collecting fees 
from approXimately 4O~ of the regislrees. However, a 
change in registration procedure began winter quarter 
of 1982 signifLcantly reduced CaIPIRG's revenues, 
because it enacted a donation system where a waivable 
fee had once existed. Although the difference between 
a waivable fee and a donation is potenlially slight, the 
result was a decrease in intake 10 10%. That same 
quarter, CaIPIRG members petitioned and held a 
successful referendum 10 change the system back to a 
fee and raise it from $2 to $3. 

This summer negotiations between CaIPIRG and 
UCSO Administration (which enacted the initial 
change without nOlifying CaIPIRG) reached a 
compromise which will take effect nexl quarter. In the 
interim, UCSO's chapter has received financial and 
organizational aid as the resull of a cooperalive system 
initiated lasl year between MassPlRG and CalPIRG. 
MassPIRG's aid also helped stan San Oiego's canvass 
outreach program which prO\lides CaIPIRG with a 
means of increasing community awareness about the 
organization as well as soliCiting financial suppon. 

One of the result of CaIPIRG's most recent research 
effons is the publication of a legislative voting index 
(available at UCSO's CaIPlRG office). According 10 the 
study released last week, approximately one-half of 
California's state legislators received failing grades for 
their public interest voting in consumer and 
environmental areas. CalPIRG "Dunked" the 1983 
legislarure as a whole, citing the Senate's overall score 
of 44.5% (on 16 bills) and the Assembly's 52.5% score 
(on 21 bills). _ 

The index also features hsts of each legislator'S total 
campaign contributions from business sources. 
'Though one can never say why a legislator votes for a 
partil.:ular piece of legislation . there is a definite 
correlation between public inrerest vOles and total 
business contributions," says UCSD junior Kim Paulus, 
chairperson of CaIPIRG's Board of Directors. 

In an attempt 10 limit the inDuence of businesses 

(;()MllllIIjt3 
4 TTI:14(;TI()lIIIIji \ 1. 

Introductory Special 
with IItu till 0,,1y 

12 Haircuts for students 
with selected hairslyli!fls 
regularly $22 (women), $l9 (men) 

Nails 
'wlp'llred Nai1.~. reg. $40, HOIII $25 
Fills. reg. $20, HOIII $15 
Municure;;. reg. $7. 1/0111 $5 
'.Ylifllre;; . reg. $16. 1101/1 $12 

jll/h' I/I' Wrup. rI'/{. $14. 1/011' $12 

8950 \,il1o Lt, Jolla Dr, 
/lilt 1122 

La Jolla, Ca. !J2fJ:J7 
Off" e.xpirt'.~ 12 7/ H:J 

and political action committees (PACs), CalPIRG will 
be introducing a "Voter's Bill of Rights" package in the 
next legislative session . The package advocates a 
variety of proposals, including public financing for 
elections, restraints on the overall amount of PAC 
expenditures a candidate can receive and regulations 
requiring campaign literature to disclose sources of 
conlributions totaling $500 or more. According 10 
senior Keith von Grasstek, UCSD representative to 
CaIPlRG's Board of Directors. "It is vital that we put 
control of the democratic process back in the hands of 
the people instead of in the hands of corporalions and 
political action committees." 

As a member of the Environmental Health Coalition, 

on transportation routes of IOxics, storage and dump 
cites and correspondi ng information on air currents 
and wa[er tables. Says Beth Oavenport, head of the 
HMRAS project at UCSD. "Knowing whar is out there is 
the first step toward alleviating potential problems 
caused by hazardous materials." 

CaIPIRG is also in the process of compiling a Toxics 
in An Supplies study to document the many toxic and 
carcinogenic ingredients that pose a potential health 
hazard to many California students and artists. Part of 
the study involves surveying counry and City school 
systems 10 identify the potential for exposure 10 
hazardous art materials . Following the results of similar 

please tum to pafo!t 8' 

Kim Paulus, UCSD junior and chair oj CalPIRG's Board of Directors: "Though one can never say why a 
legislator voles for a particular piece of legislation . there is a direct correlation between public interest votes 
and total business contributions ... 

HOME WITHOUT 
A HITCH 

.... n your holiday • 100II .. you .. t 
foot on Amtrak'. San DI.,.n. No worry 
over .... minute weather, an allin, auto, or 
frienD .... 0 •• plan. chan,. at the la.t 
minute. 

RIdIn, .... San D .... n .. the eaey way to 
1rawl1tome. You don' need ,...rratIona. One 
of our ............ dally dIpartu,.. Is Just rt .... for 
your ........... - Los An .. "., San DlelO, one 
of the .... n stopa In between (Includln, just· 
opened AnabeIm), or the first part In your Amtrak 
trip home to Northern Callfomla or the Central 
¥alley. 

You Aft do .. much':" or .. little - .. you ....... 
aboard Amtrak'. train.: stretch out and watch the 
sc .... ry, read a ,GOd book, sleep, or have a .. ndwtch 
and drink In the sneck bar. 

W!'ien you INCh Journey' •• nd, you'll be relaxed, not 
beat. 

For San DI.,.n Information and "res, ... your campus 
travela,.nt, or call Amtrak toll·free, l·800·USA·RAIL. 



8 D<'""",,,,, I. 1983 
~FWS ' 

. ' ~ '. " . , '. , " . . .. . .). 

CalPIRG 
( IHUrrlU,'J j,.,,111 ragr 7 

IRG studies In ew York and 
M.lS5achusens, C IIPIRG plans to 
Introdu e comprehensive labelling 
legIslation next year. 

n the consumer front, CalPIRG is 

ontinuing to push for the formation of 
.1 onsumer Utility Board (CUB). CUB 
would be .1 st,lt('wide, voluntMily 
funded , (Itlzen col1lrollcd organlz,lIion 
whIch would represcl1l the IIltere5ts of 
r.He p.lyers on electnc, g.ls ,\Ild 
telephone Issues. Although G:U B 
surprlscd utility lobbyists in August 
when \I received a 5-1 approvoll in the 

"en.lte Energy dnd Public Utilities 
Committee, th e bill was !.uer stopped in 
the Sen.He Finance Commillce, .tIPIRG 
lobbyists will be pressi ng to h.we the 
enate reconsider the bIll in JdllLldry, 

Also in j.\I1U.lry, new C,tr buyel'S C,\I1 
look forwMd to the protection of the 

aiPIRG-suPPol1ed "Lemon L1w," As of 

Janu.try I , m,lnufacturers are required to 
repl,JC(~ C.lrs ,1Ild truck; ~old in 

,tltfornid .tfter thdt ddle if they hdvc 
nceded rep,ms four or more times for 
rhc ""me substantial defect (i.e., engine 
dnd transmission). Vehicles which 
spend 30 days out of servIce during 
their first year oflil'St 12,000 miles \TIust 
,lIso be replan'd. 

( 1983 Adolph CooB Company. Golden C0i0r0d08lJ401 . _01 fine Qualify8ee!s Since 1873 



The Banana Bowl 
Call this the Unexpected Bowl. This 

was a 'bet the ranch' pick by yours truly. 
Sandy & the Baggers was a shoo-in to get. 
their mugs on the 1M Hall of Champions. 
In fact we already had t heir picture taken 
and ready to mount. 

But along came the Rodney 
Dangerfields of 1M football, Butt State 
Univer-sity. No Respect! The Budman had 
Sandy by 20 points over- Butt State in the 
semis. I can't believe it. Butt State 
defeated Sandy in a shocker Tuesday 
night 28-24. 

Obviously these guys don't have their 
hp.ads up their Butt itate. After giving 
them no credit for two years now by 
always making them the underdog, it 
seems like it is finally time to rever-setheir 
role. That is to make them the favorites to 
win the Banana Bowl title. How can you 
pick against a team led by the most 
brilliant mind this sideofDonShula. Tim 
Pickwell's That man. He sends out press 
releases, designs plays, scouts, signs new 
recruits and polishes the hub caps of his 
star's cars. Stars like Chris 'Fouts' 
Harrington, running back Dan Butcher, 
and his twin tower- wide receivers. Sean 
O'Connell and Dave Mueller. It sure 
would be hard to pick apinst these guys. 

But as usual I will. I'm picking the 
winner- of the Torch and the Flames vs. 
The Macrophages g;lme to win the 
Banana Bowl title 

I like Torch's PWP type of football. It's 
hard to stop. Plus Torch proved you can 
play schoolyard football without a 
'quiche' football. They are a steady team 
led by a pair of 7th year undergrads, Bill 
Ginty and Torch Stabler. This is their 
first championship chana:. They said 
seven years ago they wou Idn't graduate 
until they won an 1M championship. This 
could be the year fell as. 

But first you have to get by the 
Macrophages. The Macros have as tough 
a squad as any of the three. These young 
docs are led by Tom Barman. Tom's 
another case of'l don't want to leave here 
until I see my picture on the Wall.' He's 
been around as long as Bill and Torch. But 
he did it a little differently. He graduated 
and enrolled in UCSD's med school. That 
guaranteed him four more years to chase 
that elusive championship. 

Sorry Butt State. But I st ill can 't pick 
you guys to win it. I guess it's a matter of 
principle. As Rodney would say, "You get 
no respect." 

Past Bowl Game Results 
Animal Bowl 
1982 York Hunt Club 
1981 Chocolate City 
1980 Unbeat Meat 
1979 Unbeat Meat 
1978 Raw Meat 
1977 Freddy's Teddys 
1976 Scripps 

Banana Bowl 
1982 Bult State 
1981 Plain Wrap Prophylactics 
1980 Graphite 
1979 York Hunt Club 
1978 Rocky Mtn Oysters 
1977 Bofo 
1976 Raw Meat 

Cad.ver Bowl 
1982 Pigs 
1981 Gerry's Kids 
1980 Q-Ludatics 
1979 Cunning Linguists 
1978 The Beans 
1977 Stealers 
1976 Hump And Run 

Climax Bowl 

23 
34 
20 
25 
27 
20 
20 

7 
27 
18 
33 
20 
21 
18 

14 
22 

7 
13 
12 
12 
18 

1982 The Beuer- Hands Last Stand 24 
1981 East Cupcake State 19 
1980 Anisotropic Shielders 19 
1979 Better- Hands 25 
1978 Anisotropic Shielder-s 19 
1977 Anisotropic Shielders 7 
1976 Rough rider-s 22 

Soul Bowl 
1982 The Generics 
1981 Stephen 's Sob's 
1980 Athletic Supporter-s 
1979 Hot Fudge 

18 
26 
24 
12 

The Animal Bowl 
This is definitely the game of the day. 

The III and undefeated York Hunt Club 
vs. the 112 and also undefeated !"Iain Wrap 
Prophylactics. York Hunt Club is the 
defending champions and PWP won AA 
two years ago. 

What a game. I can't wait. It's obvious 
that I'm not the only one excited by this 
g;lme. Ticket sales are running way ahead 
of last year's sales and it is expected tosell 
out early. This is attributed to PWP's 
large following. Give them the home field 
advantage. 

This game will be a total contrast in 
styles. York with it's traditional power-
football moving up and down the field. 
PWP with it's totally weird football 
consisting of lining up the whole team on 
one side of the field and the center and 
quarterback on the other-. York Hunt's 
normal or 'real ' football vs. PWP's 
'quiche' or miniature football. York's 
laissez faireof no practire and showingup 
to games one minute before forfeit time 
versus PWP's attitude of all wearil1l 
matching undies, purchased at K·Mart, 
cutting dass to practice twice a week and 
scouting every game ever- played in AAA. 

Don't let this lead up district you from 
the truth. These are the two most talented 
teams at UCSD. 

York is led by its brilliant receivi", 
combination or Rick Wilbert and Ed 
Novak , nicknamed 'Movf'S' and 'Speed' 
respectively. Defensively no one fools AI 
Friedman or Chris Fer-rez. Friedman 
particularly is hard to fool hiding behind 
his Vuarnet's. 

PWP is a well rounded team but to stop 
them it is widely known you have to stop 
Steve Bacich and Lazlo Gyorffy. These 
two are the brains and ownership of this 
squad and thus design most of t he plays 
their way. 

This game will also mark a first in 
UCSD 1M history. It will be the first 
broadcast of an 1M evSlt by our own 
KSDT radio station. It will be broadcast 
on a delayed basis due to prior radio 
commitments. 

Look for this g;lme to be decided by 
whomever has the ball last. It should be 
wort h t he price of admission! 

Bones 20 
Harambe Warriors 14 
Cut 'n Run 12 
Chocolate City IZ 
Chocolate City 26 
Nice Try·Bye 14 
Fidum Scit 8 

Pakalolo 0 
Los Teremotos 24 
WhaKoos 7 
The Tide 12 
Hump And Run 6 
Linomania 14 
Kank Duxstad 0 

Up The End Zone 13 
White Punks On Dope 7 
Pink Steel 6 
Scalpels 12 
BigM's 6 
Punts 8 
Big Nukes 6 

Teke Off You Hoser- 6 
Hot Fudge 104 
Hot Fudge 18 
Anisotropic Shielder-s 18 
Betler- Hands 18 
Goodhands People 6 
Riviera Yacht C lu b 6 

4th and Inches 9 
No Such Luck 0 
Gust Up The Middle 18 
Ebony Stars 0 

The Cadaver Bowl 
Last year's bowl game was a dream 

match upofthenumber 1 and 2 teams and 
it wasquiteaclasicasthelll Pigsdefeated 
the 112 Up theEnd Zone 14· 13. This year's 
game doesn't look to have anywher-e near 
the appeal of last year's game. We should 
call this game the Consolation Bowl. 
Three of the top ranked teams including 
the power-ful and seemingly unbeatable 
#1 Ridgemont wer-eaxed from the playoffs 
after- impressive wins. The reason was 
that winning got too important. Each 
team went out and recruited a couple of 
talents not affiliated with UCSD. No one 
would have noticed except it was Dan 
Fouts, Don Macek and James Brooks who 
showed up to use UCSD intramural 
games as rehabilitation to return to the 
Chargers after injuries. So these threi:: 
teams being axed from the playoffs leaves 
it pretty much to Eldo's Orchid Pumpinis 
to take it all. This should be the first 
championship for EkIo's. This should be 
their last real chance to win a 
championship. They have been around so 
long that t heir talent is fadiq. Nex t year 
most of them qualify for lOCialleCUrity.1 
know experien~ is important but there is 
a point whSl age becomes a factor. They 
are led by the most controversial 
quarterbeck this side of Jim Plunkett, 
Todd Norton. One play Todd's a hero 
worshipped by all, the next he's a ID8t 
liked by f_. Luckily he has a talSlted 
cr_ surrounding him when he lets dow n. 
They haveas.,ooawidereceivermrpsas 
anyone with 'Hands' Mello and 'Tree' 
Thompson catching everything else, 

If anyone has a chanre to upset the 
Eldo's it's the Party Animals. TheselUYS 
can really play and look to be peaking. 

The undefeated Fer-tilizers probably 
will be in the final due to t he luck of the 
draw. Their offense though is so bad I've 
seen Squialy and Wiggly score more(on a 
bad day)! 

Bend Over and Snap has run oot of 
miracles. 

Bet the frat house on Eldo's. They 
Bhould restore sOme pride to the Tekes. 

The Climax Bowl 
This prediction seems like it is _ti", 

old. The Better- Hands should win. Why, 
you say, is this getting old? Well 'Hands' 
has been in the final of the Climax Bowl 
every year but me That's6out of7 finals. 
They have come out victorious in four of 
the six finals that they have played in. 
This year shouldn't be any difftnnt. 
They're all losing a little hair and_ting 
a little grayer-. But I said that four years 
ago and it doesn't seem to matter much. 

The reason for their strong showing is 
the talent of their women. I happen to 
know from a reliable sourre Hands' 
reauitingsyslem. They have been her-eso 
long (theguys helped build Urey Hall) that 
they have acquired a connection in the 
Registrar's Office who sends m to them 
any women with a strong high school 
athletic bac.kJround. Thlt is, 4.5 forty 
time. high jumps aminiIRumof6 feet,and 
throws I foot bell fifty yards. This year's 
cr_ of pis fits the bill perfectly. 

Theother-teams in this rain Ien&t'-ed 
playoff .e the str-oneest Hands has had to 
deal with in years. The Bums seem to be 
the biarst threat to HandI' dynasty. 
They are led by Lealie Braverman and 
Madeline Pya. The Bum's women have 
tremendous speed. In fact they can outrun 
their IUYi by 5 yards in the 40. But the 
lUyslmowthia IDthey sit bechnd let the 
gals have aU the action. They believe in 
WOII1eII'S libailthewlY. Why not?ltmuld 
mean a Climax Bowltit\e. 

The two remaining teams seem to be 
long shots at best. Bad Knees because . 
they play Hands and Mara On The 
Bedposts because their rabbits foot has 
run oot ofluc:t. 

Look for, yawn. Return Of the Better 
hands to make it five titlea. A ril1J for 
every finger m their left hand. Next year 
they'U start working m their right hand. 

Six-Pack Selections 

••• 

The Soul Bowl 
This usually is me of the most evenly 

contested bowls. This year looks to be no 
different. 

The most talent looks to be on The Dirt . 
Lots 01 1M experiSlre her-e. Let's see we 
have Greg Buchanan. He's a letterman in 
Men's Waterpolo. Then there's Peter 
St einort h, one heck of a tough rulll'!'. 
Lucille Fernandez dazzles in IC Tennis. 
Brad '110 one beats me' Driver- muld 
become the next Arthur Ashe, but I doubt 
it. Kim Haddad knows more about 1M's 
than anyone exrept me. A nd last but not 
least ther-e'sJody Mai, Miss 1M's, She's in 
the playoffs of so many sports she can't 
make up her- mind on which one to play 
sin~ they are all at the same time We've 
been told she'D probably play waterpo\o 
with football flags m, hockey wit h only a 
bathing suit oIl, volleyball with her- .,aIie 
JIIIIs on and football with her knee pads 
on. Thia way she fiaures she can play 
f!IIf!rY pme and not miss a .,ai, point, or 
toudtdown. Thia looks like quite I 
taIaIted tmlll, But I don't think they can 
play football Too much time playilll 
other lhi ..... Don't bet them to win the 
ranch. 

I like Too Sweet because they've aot 
IOUl This is the SooIBowI you know. Not 
only do they have soul but they have the 
nirest uniforms in 1M's. They allD have 
discipline, a definite peak ing order, No 
screaming "I'm open" oot of order oIl this 
team. A list of names proves this: Capt. 
CurtisJohnson, Ass. Capt. Craie Frazier, 
General Paul Terry, Ll. Davis and 10 OIl. 
With this kind of orpnization they can't 
be brat. 

Intramural VoUeyball Dopesheet 

Mea'8AM 

Mea'.AA 

Men'8 A 

Balboa Club 
Killer Koalas 

Ultimate Momes (20-1) 
Monaghan's Rip (18-3) 
Muff the Trtaic One (18-3) 
Mem hers (20-1) 
Potato Heads (17·3) 
Wahoo, Wahoo (20-4) 
Cao-CID Wah in is (15-8) 
We Bads (14-10) 

Big Dive Again (18-3) 
Begahraftfgan (19-2) 
TKE (lJ.I) 
Long and Liquid (17-4) 
The Classics (15-8) 
Rftum 01 L Team (1&7) 

Women'. AA Take a Hit (17·1) 

W_'.A 

Bump Set Anonymous (19-2) 
Nothiq Is Impollllible (17'1) 
Spanky's Gang (14-7) 
Wharfrlts (I (.10) 
U2 (7·2) . 
Meaninc\ess Sets (13-8) 

Nire Set (2J.l) 
Bumpettes (14-5) 

Koalas are hot and have plenty of 
firepower- in Nessim and Casares, but 
Balboa has too much Shecky. 

Frank Nasworthy has QOIIeon record and 
flatly predicted a championship for 
Momes, but then when Frank talks 
nobody listens ... Muff and Monaghan's 
are even with the winner of t hat one 
having an odds on shot of winning it all. 

Any of these powder- puffs have a chanre 
to capture the pd, but look for the guys 
from Long Ind liguid to squeeze off 
another one 

You won't find more exciting volleyball 
than the kind played her-e. Any ofthetop3 
will be out in force. If yoo're looking fOf' 
dark horses ..• try the Wharf rats. 

Terri Rincon bas I nire set of rina'mI that 
have cleaned house this year, Bumpettel 
can play I little. but they woo't make it to 
the top this year. 

Seiedlll'/Game Aa-.aBowI ....... Bowl Cad..ver Bowl au... a-I Soul Bowl 
Budman PWP Torch Party Animals Better Hands Dirt 
Czar PWP Butt State Eldo's Bums Too Sweet 
Staff York Hunt Butt State Eldo's Better- Hands Desper-ado 
Jimmy The Geek York Hunt Torch Party Animals Bums Too Sweet 
Ursula Upset York Hunt Macrophages Bend Over Bedpost B·Building 
Badeker's York Hunt Torch Eldo's Better- Hands Dirt 

Intramural VoUeyball Championship Schedule 
Men'8AM 
Balboa Club (13·5) vs. Killer Koalas (12·12) 
Thursday·Dec I @ 1O:15pmlMain·East 

Men'8AA 
Finalists deter-mined Tuesday night 
Thursday·Dec I @ 9:15pm/Main·West 

Men's A 
Finalists determined Wednesday mght 
Thursday·Dec I @ 9:15pmIMain·East 

Women'sAA 
Finalists determined Wednesday night 
Thursday·Dec I @ 8:15 prnIMain·West 

Women's A 
Nia: Set (2"') vs. Bumpettes (14·5) 
Thursday·Dec J @ 8:15prnlMain·East 

1M Waterpolo Championship Schedule 
(Games played last nipt) • 
Coed AM Sitting Ducks (5-(1) or Banana Cream Pie at the Y (0) vs. Floaties 

(5-1) 

CoedAA 

Coed A 

If this pme pits the Ducks and FIoaties in a rematch oftheir earlier 
13-12 fllSCO, the indoor pool will never look the same. 

Pump Twice and Shoot (7,1) vs. Dorks (8-0) 
Kathy Odell and Allison Schoenfeld give last year's A Champs the 
Dorks plenty of firepower-. Pump Twice has dodgIed numerous 
bullets in the play-offs, but the fourth time has never- been the 
charm. 

Sooring in the Deep End (5-3) ¥s. Leaky Rubbers (5-3) 
Laura Tanney (Deep) and Karen Givens (Rubbers) should have 
quite a shoot-out Wednesday eveniq. lf either- of them gets halep 
from any 01 their here-to-fore silent teammates, the ax should 
swing in that direction. 

Flotation Devices (5-0) YS. C-Men and Women (3·2) 
The tlunnies have set t.ck waterpolo 50 years this season, but 
these two survivors will hack their way around the pond 
Wednesday and somehow a winner will be crowned. C·House has 
been hot of late, but we're not quite sure they'll be up to the task. 

~ ~ Consens_ York Hunt Torch Eldo's Better Hands Toss Up THIS 
After finals, whew ... 
This Bud's for you! 

Animal Bowl Sunday Schedule 
This Sunday the UCSD campus comes alive once apin with its own version of footbell 
fever-. It's Animal Bowl Sunday, which ill not to be confused with Super Bowl Sunday, 
that other- festivaltht takes pial:elOOletime inJanuary. Here's the Bowl Game Line-Up 
for Sunday's games It the Muir Field: 

Animal Bowl 
3:00 pm 
York Hunt Club (7,(1) vI. Plain Wrap Prophylactics (6.0) 

Baa_Bowl 
1:45pm 
Winner - Sandy and the Baaas (6-0) VI. Butt State (7·1) venus 
Winner - Macruphqes (&2) VS. Torch and the Flames (7-1) 

Cadaver Bowl 
12'.30 pm 
Winner - Bend Over- Ii Snap (&2) vs, Fertilizers (8-0) YS. Bad Knees (6.0) versus 
Winner - The Bums (5-1) YS. Marks m the 8edp08ts (4-2) 

Soul Bowl 
10:00 am 
Winllj!l' - Desperados (5-2) vs. B-Building Bombers (5-1) versus 
Winner - Too Sweet (4·2) VI. The Dirt 

Floor Hock~y Rankin.s/Predictions 
TEAM RECORD ODDS COMMENT 

Coed AM 
1. Critters H·O 5-2 Last of the lVeat fin_ teams 
2. BlitJkr~ 3-1·1 4-1 Hustle makes up for talSlt 
3, Wilma FiJll'!f Doux 2-1-1 25-1 Not this lime 
4. Capt. Dick Ii his Seamen 2·2·1 25-1 Always. threat! 

Get Her Peas 
CoedAA 
I. R.I,S.C . Beer Slalom 440 4-5 Bet the wife & kids. pleBlie 
2.Jah Vinl 3-1·0 3-1 Nah Nah Nih 
3, lnatant Protein 3-1·0 3-1 No Carbohydrates 
4. Flying Tilers 5-0-0 100·1 Sinale A U\lltarts 
5. Fired Tilers 4.().0 ~I Thae call are kitlSlS in this league 

Coed A 
1. Stick It In 3·J.l 5-2 Will be tested 
2. The ''T'' Rule 3-1·1 3·1 Weak \ealue 
:I. Spazmltics Return 3-1·0 7·2 Women carry the team 
4. 'At hletes in Act ion 1,1·2 100-1 Not enough act ion 
5. Burning Sensations 1,2·1 57&1 Will be i~ cold ... ," .I~"·_ ............... \, .t~ 



) 

Great 

e 

. , nlllltllufJ jn>m ,_'g.' '} 
Sumy they some InJluena within 
the 5C~ of art, but art Is dqmtJmt 011 
.Itcse thin8i on!>' for ideas, not for 
aiilmu. In ilS early days, on the _Is of 

ca~ art was intimatdy mated to living. 
not something which ~ spedalked. 
ajsting sqara/tly. However, throughout 

Anywhere you go for a California Guaranteed Student Loan, youll get a low interest 
rate and a long time to pay it back. 

But with Great Western Savings, youll get something more: Fast Service. Youll get an 
answer within 30 days. And, because Great Western is a major California lender, you get 
your money fast. You can even get a loan from Great Western if you ha...e a previous student 
loan with another lender. 

We lend to California residents and nonresidents, as long as the school is in California. 
Freshmen and half· time students are also eligible. You can borrow up to $2,500 a year if you 
are an undergraduate, and up to $5,000 for graduate study. The low interest rates mean 
comfortable monthly payments during the first few years after school when money may be 
tight. You can pay nothing while you're in school, and when you finish therf" is a grace period 
before your payments begin. 

It's easy to apply for a student loan with Great Western Savings. Fill out the forms at 
your Financial Aid Office, and send your application to the address below. 

You can get a Guaranteed Student Loan from other lenders, but with Great Western, 
you get guaranteed fast service. 

GREAT WESTERN SAVINGS, Student Loan Department, 
P.O. Box 1050, Northridge, CA 91328 

GREAT WESTERN SAVINGS 
19'il'e 

A Fedeml Savings and 1.(~1n Associ.1uun 

A n£W bmnd of banking 

man's history art hlU become 1m and less 
acctsSibk to the masstS. Nttsts haw 
progmslvely Isolated /I.emstlvn and thar 
wo" from the day to day sod4' world. 

11t~ Is a /mid rMK days wlttch Is 
providing artists the opportunity to 
mntqrate art with soc:itfy: Ihls Is video. 
lkCduse of the popularity of lV, video 
artists haw the capability 10 praml their 
wo" 10 an tttmndy larxe number of 
people In a Wdy with which people 1m: 
.f4mlll4r. 8tc:cIuse the art is 'hen/ore b 
Ihrelllming. it is possible for art to rtXGin 
lIS tGlfler position within society. 

VlctoriG is a 5UClrer for &tauty: "'/'s 
unlwncl~" she fdYS, "somttlaing which 
everyone clln malt to." Some artists thin" 
'hilt &tIlUty hlU gone out of sryfe, thII, It 
is old. With this in mind they mdtawr .'0 
remove the InJluma of betluty within 
their art. Pramting the beautifu' thln8i 
in 'ife hIU bem done, and I/'s time to II' 
beyond them. The ItChnica' lInd sclmtljlc 
capabilities aWlllable rodcry haw begun to 
dominate art. 

Victoria Wdn/S 10 maintain the 
beautifu' aspulS of art, because it 
contributn to the acaptability of art. She 
WIInlS art 10 haw humor and emotion, 
no. just technica' characteristics. 

... nt •• 

IBM 
CorreotIne 
......... 11 
TJpewriter 

CoIl todaV 
571-3411 

a __ ClClIlI'OIWlQN _ 
7668 Clallwna.,.... BM1 

San DIego 92111 
HouII: Mon-ftt 8:»6 pm 

COUNCIL TRAVEL 
BUDGET AIRFARES 

IScm Franct.Ico $39cnr/$78Jt 
HOUlton $115ow/$23Olt 
N..,YOI'k $179ow/S339rt 
Loudon $339ow/~ 
Duaeldorf $34Oow/S589rt 
igocldlolm $41 Oow/S656rt 

HODQ~ $365ow/$685 
• AIPCI' 'aIID SPBaAL • 

Two depcIrtum dat8I 0Dlyt 
12/24 cmd 12/31 $199 rt 
S!dMf $605ow/$121Ort 
Taipe1 $365ow/$666rt 
Tokyo $465ow/$639rt 
Bangkok $459ow/$869rt 

Contact 
ClEE/Council Travel 
Second Floor. Student Center 

452-0630 

SATURDAY. DEC. 10 
NOT FRIDAY. AS PRINTED N THE CALENDAR 
6~ pm - ReNu Pot-luck DInner. REHHltry 
Network Unlimited welcomes all r&-entry & 
transfer students to a "Mexican Salad Bar" 
pot luck dinner. At Revelle Informal Lounge. 
Please include your own 1lOI"l-oicohoilc 
beverage. MY questionS coli 
Janet - .s3-2573 

By CHRISTINA KAUS 
Juniala. Pennsylvania, is a long way [0 

Oy at .my rime of Ihe year. And now, the 
weekend before finals , Ihe timing is 
even worse. But the UCSD Women's 
Volleyball learn will be in Juniata this 
week ,mending Ihe 1983 NCAA Division 
III Regional Championships. 

Most of Ihe learn left yesterday 
morning, and middle blockers Karin 
Kalk and Kristin Kilbourn will join them 
today ,1fter completing tests . Match play 
will begin for the Tritons on Friday at 'j 
pm ,1gainst Western Maryland , the 
number 14.r.lI1kcd Dlvison III tcam In 
Ihe n,ltion . 

-The girls arc cxulcd about seeing a 
different pail of the country and going 
ll> Ihe ReglOnals for the third :.Ir<l lght 
)'eM:' said Coach Doug D.1nnevik. "It's 
JU I the mcntal time ,l\V.1Y from slUdymg, 
because we weren 't re,llIy prepared 10 
h,lve to Oy anywhere " As the nU1l1ber 
one-ranked te,lm nallonally In DivI ion 
III . UCSD expected !O host Ihis year's 
Reglol1.1ls . rhey appe.1red a logical 
chOice. but some how II dldn't work out 
th,l[ W,lr 

In re,Khing Ihe number one ranking 
thiS Sf,bon, the Tritons went undefealed 
111 DiviSion III matche~ . In fact, the 
Tritons were nO! merely undefeled; they 
domlnaled all the other Division III 
tcams. Schools like Whittier were 
crushed by UCSD with scores similar to 
thclr 15-0. 15-2 drubbing. 

Several DIVIsion II te,lIns, such as Cal 
l.lle UniverSity Dominguez Hills and 
onoma Stale , fell vicum to the superior 

p1.1ying of the Tritons this se,lson. 
UCSD also man<lged to give Division 1 
teams, such as USIU, a scare before 
stretchi ng them to the limit before being 
I1iIrrowly defeated. 

Throughout the season. it was the 
stellar performance of seuer and co-
cap!ain senior Louise "Lulu" Schwartz 
which helped rhe Tritons win 
conSistently. "The seuer is the one who 
does a lor of work by always setting up 
rhe ball for a kill ," said AssiSl<lnt Coach 
Mike Hipp. -And we reaDy made Lulu 
work this season." During the team's 
home match Saturday, November 18, 
against Loyola Marymoum University, 
Schwanz's jersey was retired , something 
never before done at UCSD. 

The Tritons left Wednesday morning 
with <I healthy and sound lineup. The 
starting six will be Schwartz. Kalk, 
Kilbourne. outside hitters Debbie Dor-.m 
.md Molly Wheatley and , in the 01T-
hand pOSition , freshman Lori Luhnow. 
Luhnow had been plagued all season 
wilh Stress fractures , but she has healed 
in time for the Regionals . 

Should UCSD re .1C h thf final four of 
the cournamem they will be at La Verne 
December 9-10 for the NCAA Divis ion 
III Nmional Championships. "Anybody 
near Ll Vern e .11 that time should check 
the papers:' s.lIld Dannevik. "and come 
tllld suppon the leam." 

But first the Region.lls. "We should 
win it. but you never know: ' SJ id 
D,m nevik. And ,I!though it still irritales 
UCSD Ih,u they didn 't gCI rll host-the 
Reglon,lls, ,IS D.lIlnevlk 5..IYS. UCSD will 
Il}' ltJ Junl.H,I. "wil l .Iet like ch.llnplons 
,lIlel go .lIld do the job." 

n..·wJlI".,. I. 1983 13 

For UCSD, the road to the 
playoffs is a long one 

NCAA WOHEN'S VOLlEYBALl -D IVISIorl III BRACKET 

Fi rs t Round 
·floy . 18- 19 

Westl'rn Marvland 1141 

UNC Green sboro (20 ) 

Second Round 
Dec . 2-3 

UCSD 
NO. 1 

W.Haryland 
13-1 5,1 7-15,16- 14.15-8 

JuniAtA 111\ H 
Messiah College (l6~ 

Brooklyn 
Brooklyn College (12) 15- 11 ,15-10.15-1 0 

rth~r~ ! a\ 
-

BrockDort 
Brockport 

Albany ( 17) 12-15,15-1,15-8.6-15,15-12 

. 

M.LT 14\ II 
Mt Holyoke NO.4 

..... 
-. 

E. Connecticut 
Eastern Connecticut(l( ) 15-6 , 16- 14.15-6 

~dental 11\ U 
La Verne (17 ) NO. 3 

La Verne 
Colorado College (5) 17-15.15-8.15-10 

Ohio NnrthArn (1n' 
Baldwin-Wallace 

Baldwin-Wallac~ 
M1111 kin ( 19) 12-15.15-5.15-13.15-11 

C;t C~thAr;n .. ~ 161 
Wh .. nn~in-La Crosse (15) I 

Wi sc. La Crosse 
Wise. Platteville (7) 15-7,15-12,15- 5 

Gustavus Adolphus Elmhurst H flO. 2 

Ill. Benedictine (8) 111. Benedictfne 15- 13.15-5,15- TO 

, 

SEM I F\ tlALS 
De c . 9 
at La Verne 

~' , 

FINALS 
Dec. 10 

University of La Verne 
litAi ... .. "' __ 

-

• 

KAT'l CHAMPIONS 

. 

SEMIFINALS 
Dec. 9 at 
La Verne 

. 

The T ritOtlS must gel po t Western Mary/and and pOSSibly host )uUllIata 10 reac h the fi"a/ four at La Verne. 

thclr potential. 

Hoopsters win home opener 
In pr.tC lIcc ,1Ild drive herdl to be 
belll'r.-· 

With the Win . the Tritons cqu,llcd 
their over'llI record ,It 2· 2. After early 
losses to PI. Llll1hl (68·67) .md UC 
DJvis (88-83), the lache rebounded 
,lg,l ln~t UC ,Int,l Cruz to easily Win 9l -
46 In Ihe AII·CIll ournamenl. 

At [orw,1[(1. junIor Julie KrJLlse ( [0 
poi ms) has h own ,\11 cxcelle nt shoot i ng 
touch ilnd cln ability 10 get e,lsy shots 
under the bilsket. he 5 ored 26 pOintS 
in the loss to U Davis, ,mel her olTense 
WIll be deilrly needed as sc hools beglll By IAN G. LANGDON 

The UCSD Triton women's basketball 
tC,\ln opened at home with a b,lI1g on 
ruesd.l), night .1S Ihe), thoroughly 
trounced C d SIdle St,lnisl.lus. 74·58. 

A brilh.lI1t perfonmnce W,lS put in by 
6'+" POIl'ntl ,11 AIl ·American , Tcik 
I-mncis She led the w,ly with 30 points. 
19 rebounds ,ll1d livl' blclCkeel shots. To 

SJy those numbers .Ire Illlpressive wmild 
be .1Il underst,lteillent b)! ,lIl yone's 
t.lIlel,lrds. 

Assist.lIlt co.lch J,1Il M.min ,lid . 
"UCSD should Jn llClp,lte thL type llf 
perfonn.l.ce Irom Fr,mcis. Telk h,IS , 111 
excellent ch,1nce .It becoming ,Ill All. 
Amcrk.\I1 . h ' works e.xh,lUstingly h,lrd 

i\g,unst the Slanisbu5 Warriors the 
T mons looked \'c ry good 1Il the 
backcoun wilh the pl'IY of gUdrds KlIn 
Allen ( 13 POintS) .md ue cmmu (eIght 
pOintS). They both C,1Il shoot. hdndle 
the b.lIl .l11d p,ISS. In Olht:r words. they 
h,we no wc,lknl'sses If they pl.1Y up to 

10 heM more and more ,lbout the 
exploits of Tcik Fr.ll1cis. 

The Tritons show J propensity for 
forclllg the ball in low to Francis. Of 
course every te,un should illw'lys be 
looking for their best seorer but not 
when turnover after lurnover is incurred . 

rlru>c IUIll 1(1 I>aSt" 16 



,-

.-

Lopsided predictions for bowl games 
By MIKE GREENBERG 
Ntl'er beJore, and probably never again, will 50 
many bowl games be as lopsided as Ihls year's 
conlcsls will be. There art 16 bowls this wlnler, 
but DOl!>' Ihe jinale , the Orangr Bowl, will have 
real life drama. The Jollowlng IS a guide Jo, 
handl appas who want 10 Win enough money to 
move to Flol1da and "1I'esl In condonlllllulllS, as 
Will as a prevIew Jor Ihe everyday Jan and what 
he should expect 10 SI.'e III the next fe.w weeks: 
CALIFORNIA BOW~ NORTHER ILUNOIS 
(9-2) 1'5. FULLERTON STATE (H ). December 
17, 1 pili [No TV[ . 

Whal w n you "'Y an"ul II howl ,1"" ,an 'l 1111'11" a 
n ' sptmsof 7 RrllH.'mVt'r NorthW("Sfrll1 ') JJ-gwnt' loslllg 
Sltrak? CUt: ; "ho Ih,y heal 10 ''''P Ihe reLOrdl 
Tltal " right, North .. ,." IIII11Il1S: The only Ihlll8 
n"' l£eahl< II,"lUl Full'TI'''' Stult· 'S lhal u 'on W"",I 's 
an AII-Amen,an guarJ Jor' Ih .. 1r haskelball t .. lln .. - There 
VtfIII be '10 wml1(.'r 111 IhJ~ 0I14 " ..llClf/H:" f(Wli Will be ubi" 
/(J 'K:on: EWII 
FLOIlIDA CITRUS BOW~ MARYLAND (8-3) 
1'5. TENNESSEE (8 -3). December 17, 5 pm 
[ESPN). 

ow. be honesi. tj th l> />0,,1 galll .. anJ the 
Califo rnra &"wl uIn.'d at lht' ) WlI(.' tunc, wh" h ol1e 
" ,)uIJ )'ou WII tt hi F ... IIIall} Ih,' Tang,,"nt' Bawl, Iht' 
Cu ru..'l IlJUft hn two Jml', l'\ 'l 'n ly nl£lUht'd iJ~f1t: nb In 
\\ hlJr «luld hI.' tilt' most l 'XLltUlg w nt{'S I oj all the 
I>. ." ls ManlllnJ q"wlni>u, k B.~)II"'r E,Ill on h'l> a 
nna.. k joP' bringing Iht' TlTruplPl~ Jmm bl'hU1d, emd hl' 
"dl h(/w III do )"" lhal llgtJlIl>l " '''1) Slmg) 
V"lunln, d'l ,·n,,:. lj Ih,' LI",'<;' " h.gh sconn&. 
M'H) f(/nJ w.1I Will . " It ', low ,..orlllg, TC,lIle«", It'dl 
Will I g.w Ih .. ,,,,J Ie' jllhn '1) MII)"r', VoIU'II<ers 

I~',(/u,r Ihm J..lrnsc· IS (/ f/llk ""lIer than th., Terps ' 
IWc.'n,,· Tc," Wc,' lit't' try I 
HALL OF FAME BOWl..: WEST VIRGINIA (8-3 ) 
vs. KE TUCK)' (6-4-1) De(ember 17,5 pili [ 0 
TV[ 

Why I~ d ~n'ut 4 ("k~"'r l' , .. wn "'~c,' W" !il VU'gIPlW In 
' L1l h ,I /1111' \ Ilj)wl plU}II1~ ,Uc. h U IJI bflubll ' dun? Tht.' 
Mtllm"lIh" "-~ wou/,1 h ll\ \' 1lt.'OJ a n !tIcal oppunCnl 
"~l1"hl B4 hhlll Ctl/kgc,' 111 lh t' Llhrrty Bowl. hut lilt' 
\(.'htlllll lUtmUllltT blU!/fU Quurl frhatkJt:O Ho~lt'dlt'r 
1c,'ltUt1tb IJIl' cJ le)1 c; tI vmmg "'1m nUlIIf d Don Manno 
,"OJlg. U(( Uh.Ht', "hk t4) l1luk,' th, hrg pl"y, hut pr',() I1 ~ 
II) Il1trni.pru tn ' Nt"t' ,llu'k", Gmflnm B'I)WII uf 
K,' I1Wdl\ " u)LlIlflll.t; hl\ hll"~lFIg , (l\1.'r lhe.' WIlu...u t5 

bring """,d,',1 U : ... ".1 "alh. N" s,.-,·ad IS "Ig ""ough 
to ft)W' IhlS mlf. Wrst Vtrgll,,(/ by 24. 
HOLIDAY BOW~ BRIGHAM YOUNG(/O-J)vs . 
MISSOURI ( 7-4) December 2J (m 5<111 D,ego), 6 
pm [ESPN). 

D.:Jin.tt·1y Iht' IlardeS( .1>111«1 to handlfap. H"" 
gll"d" BYU' They pltJ)'fd 'n Iht w .. a~ .. sl ""ym'"ct 'n 
",lIeg .. J"",l>all, bUI Iht,,· 'ff"",,: " so "mgnalll , a"d 
they hd\'(' nn'n \'t"Y ~U({f5{U' In ft:Ct."H yrars in lhl' 

H,~IIIay Bowl But CO"l.w hrad (oach wwll EdWrlrJs 
WIll '''~ "" >CI jor'IUI""f III jUl h Murphy Slad.UIII Ih,s 
tun,' U., Cl \ 'fry uggrl'S~I\'C Tlgt·,. l('om wdl harass and 
""~II'" All-Alllcnfan ql""wi>ac~ Stt'W You"g)uS( 
... ",ugh I" al/,IW M",",un 10 s4""ak by BYU. M.ssouri 
play,·J N .. hra<ku wry IOlIgh I>.for .. lo,mg III Ihe fourth 
qua'lrr, and I h..·11 20-0 Up'''' ""my owr Okfahollla 
prmru It ) L'\'l'l)'tHlt' thllt there un' lhrt:( teams In the 
Big Elghl wpubk oj jilllShlll8 II, lhe Top Ten natllmal 
rll"klllg, Allhough tllf/r "{jrn", " ,,1I ,,,,uh 10 snllk 
a/>oul. II"'/r dtlen>c 's "",. oj Ih,' (olIl1Iry 's !>ell. and 
Ih.· "B'g D" /) lilt" '1<1111 .. of lhe gallic M.sS/)u" by four. 
SUN BOW~ ALABAMA (7-3) 1'5. SOUTHERN 
METHODIST (9- 1). Deamber 24, noon [CBS-
TV/. 

Ray P .. rkIllS h,,, Jon,' (/ ,r .. J,b/e J<I/> replaCIng Ihe 
Iegl'nJary /kar B')<1"' , nUl a ''''lOry 'S 100 Il.",h 10 
a>h fi,'111 Ih,' e mil "n T.d,· "!."'"I>I tIIlt' IIj I he IIlI' 
tlln', or ~JUr It'atm In tht: nufl{HI Thr MUSI(mgs 
J..·srm·d a hella jate lha" hemg pla(fd III the Sun 
Be)wf (Ih<)l , IIII"ld halt' ""en pluy"'g N,'", Yrar's Day), 
bUI u" curly ",a,on Io;s lei il2 ,..".rd Texas r.'sulted 
III Ihm dOk'ljal/ y" . with a guru ,.. ... n'"8 and passmg 
II((a, k II"d a .Jrjc-II'" I hal ",/I lIIuke Ballla QB Wafl.r 
UWIS \C.- rem,hie (.'\.\' tl 1U0t t' than he IS an u5tol11l'd 10, 
SMU WIll ,'",ag" .. It lonou; Tht' IIIIe ... dlhe fow bUl 
I h.. jin"I ... ",,· w,1I lY. SMU wke .' by I~ . 
ALOHA BO~ PENN STATE ( 7-4-1) 1'5 . 
WASHINGTON (8 -3) December 26, 5 pm [ABC-
TV). 

AJI'" 1111 r",r.,,-rus>lng l<'a''''' -0pt'nIl18 H -6 J"jral 
/tI N"'''"s~u, Pe'ln State has I'o"a" .. d 11110 a fllle 
j, ,,,,hall Iram Crcdlt hraJ {(I'" h J,I( Paum" Jm 
!."'((IIIg Ih.· IIIOSI OUI ,., U » .. uk o/J"nSf (o.a pl jm AII-
AII1e.'rItUPl wI(k r(.'(.(.'I\'e.', Kt'rH1Y Ja{ k~on) und Jor 
Ih t'p"'~ Ih! Mllany Lurns' lIIomle III ttl« Ihn>ugh thnr 
flllO 'i:u~ 1Il prohl,'PlI \Vashmxtol1 , ,HI the ulha hWld, 
h,b h'g'e.'\!M.·<1 }'OIl1 t.I Ra'l(' 8m··A , hl~ .... m to a I£"f-
tlmlult' h'PIUt l'lI1L' PIl Jor UCLA III th,' AUJ/hl hc.'ftlUx· 
thL' H lh j:ln /llt-w II gt,M.:t1 .'f'l"HtUiIlt) UllI" tltt' 'flOlld 

The 1983 
lUCS[)) Women'. VoUeybaD Team 

Is Off In Hot Pursuit Of Another 
NC~ Championship 

ThIs Week At 
The NCAA Mid-East Regionals 
Juniata College. Pennsylvania 

Next Week At 
The NCAA National Championships 
La Verne. California 
Friday-Saturday. Dec. 9-10 

Transportation to laVerne & NCAA TIcket Information is 
now available for an UCSD Triton Supporters at the 

InterCoDegiate Athletic Office,,,Main Gymnasium 

Yt.'ur "1 " roM') by I,))ltlg (0 tTQ).\-staf(' ,1\'(11 
\\Ill;III"gl"" lute. AI luully, Ih, C""gm, wou ld ha .... 
han U Illugher ap!",n,'" , for Perl" Sial,' Ihan 
\\Illshlllgltl, .. P",,'nJO has tht NlIIII"y LII"" III grrul 
>hapr and ,1",uIJ "''''P uwr a <kjnled Hu,ky dun. 
Prolll Siale Iry 17. 
LIBERTY BOW~ NOTRE DAME (6-5) vs. 
BOSTON COLLEGE (8-2). December 29, 5:30 pm 
[ABC-TV) . 

\""«1"", Ih .. s.:iec lion COlllll1/1lr" of II", howl 
Ihlllhlll8 "hell Ihey i,,,,.'ed Nolrr Dallle '!firr "'<'II1g 
Ih .. m Ills.: h> Air Force ,III nalionalIV? Th, Flghl lllg 
fl1sh Atllktl{ Dire"",. had lhe nghl IIIfa when he said 
Nom' Dume shuuld 110/ accepl a bod '!fier" 6-5 
",,"son. BUI wah Ihe sdc«wn (omnull« 's prrs<>lfnLC, 
Ih .. Imh ""II d.~gra(f I hem~"'(s one IIIore tulle 
ugUlnsl U >"pr'" Btlslon CoIlegc dub. I.£d by th .. 
",unlry', lap passa, DouJl FlUI;'s, /lC shoutd blow 
Ccny Fa ust 's Imh oul <1 Memph.s and />oc~ 10 
tnd,wlll. Nom' Dame lias been owrrated all flar long, 
ha, "' .... r r .. alty braten unyon. oj pro'IlInfnCl Ihis 
year, and should I",., "'g 10 Iht Eagles. An ideal game 
10 hanawlp. wk,' BoSlon College by 20 111 a (Ontesl 
thcJt P'O\"'S tlu.' t'nd of Fa ust 's coachillg carerr. 
PEACH 90~ NORTH CAROUNA (8-3) 
FLORIDA STATE (6-4) December 30, noon [CBS-
TV). 

An ,,-,mlllg IIIalch pilling NOl1h Carolina, a Iram 
Ihal Ioolt.!d hke /I LOuld bid for the nal.",al II/If 'n 
CUlly OCloiler, and Florida Slate, a club Ihat ufways 
play> I h.' nallon's mOSI d!lfu:ull scheduk. Th.' Tllr 
Hrds haw lookrd unllnpress,,'. Ihe lasl j.'w ""eks, so 
Ih,' tholt, her~ IS Ihe Semlll(~es by a touthdown 0' w. 
KJ.'fp your eye on AII-Amcnran all pU,.p"So! lra,k Cary 
Allt'II oj FI"ncIcJ Slate FSU by 'l8hl 
GATOR 8O~ IOWA (9-2) 1'5. FLORIDA (7-2 -
I). December 30, 6 pill [ABC-TV). 

Anolha match-up Ihat .s hard 10 figun' >l1l.r both 
cluns rfa)",1 Ut h «/n"U,'mg sty'" of O/.,N"lenl<. Iowa, 
III III,' Ilg Ten ju, rJ lough rWIIlIng gam,s and did wry 
Itdl BUI wh,'n Ih")' ran huo a potrnl a"IllI au,"k. 
'lk.' 11/",,,, • Ih.y 10 I 33-0. Florida, lIu'anll'hde, has 
lu"d II" ,/(/llOn" "",I. Allnu"" Gellrg", UCLA. 

~k"..la Slate and Norlh Carolmu. With 411U1taha(h 
IVayn .. Pm" Oil Ihe fidd, Ihe hOlllf (w ... d III Ihe 
;lIInd; and Ihe touch"'8 oj Char/.,· Pdlon til" Slll"'""',, Ih .. CaIOI> sh",,'eI Will '·"S1Iy. FIII"d. hy len 
BLUEBONNET BOW~ BAYLOR(7-3-1) I'S. 
OKLAHOMA STATE (7-3-J). Decelllba J 1,5 pili 

[Mlzlou and ESPN/. 
Tht' Bu)'lo, /karl hav< playrd III u .... ry "''',. 

(IInjewlce (excepi for SMU alld TeX<ls), and that IS 
why lhey haw a wlIl nlllg rreord OItlahomu Slaff, 
howt"l'fr, almosl upsel Nebras ltti (/osII1g 12-7), beal 
Ollluhoma arId lost its IWO 01 her conlf"S by a tolal of 

Jo ur I"'lnIS. Th IS .s a ... ry fi lle Cowbtry Iralll. Whale""r 
,, 'sjavorrd by, IIlsn'l fllllugh. Okiahollla Stulf, wlln 
AI/-Am" ritan ru nning back EmeS I Ander.",n, by 20. 
COTTON 8O~ GEORGIA (9- 1-1) 1'5. TEXAS 
(11-0). Janua,y 2, 10:30 am [ABC-TV). 

II's nllCrt'Sllng how Ihe NFL playoJJs bUlllprd thest 
tradll/onal New Year's Day l>a l/ga",e '" january 2, 
bUI Ihr day should Sidl bt thnll"'g. Tcxa, , J'I'S",ss"'g 
Ihr counlry's loughest <kJenst (probahty Inc beSI 
tkjenSf college f(1()/1>a11 has sern in Ihe lasl decadt) 
g.,es aga inst Cto,.".a, a dub maJc up t1 "'Iang,hles 
HIJIN did Vince Dooley lIIake /I 10 a ma)or bowl 
wilhoul Ihe services of Ihe greal Hershd Walker? By 
u>l ng "lI rrors, a cap'taking tkjenst and an 
"pponun,sl ~ offin",. Bur agallls i Ihe longhorns, 
GeopXI. ",df IIetd mug.c - and pl. ",y "i " Runnmg 
hach Edwin SIIIImons giws Texas a rtal Inreat m li S 
ba,hjkld not SWI slIla tht days of Earl Campbtll. 
Cr<llXIU SI. II ha; Ihe gulsy bUI unla/enltd john 
loslinger til qUUlwi>ach. He shoufd be harassed aU 
do long. TI" longhol1ls '" a guru old count,y .oute, 
by 17 
FIESTA BOWl..: OHIO STATE (8-3) 1'5 . 
PI TTSBURGH (8-2-1 ).Jan uary 2, 10:30 am [CBS-
TV/. 

MOIl ')I"s ",ft be gturd «/ Ihe C()(ron Bowl beWUst 
Ihb IS a hldeou lIIa)o,. b",,1 galli" HoIh tcallls are 
lronng, fack IYfalll"y anJ hal'l' un"''Pinn8 record . 
Oh,o Sill Ie gai,,,d a ""n h by los lllg to Mu: higan, wh./c 
PIII,bu,!:h WIIS pronwlnl 10 Nfw Year's Day by Penn 
Stulf. The P,mlhas ha\~ u /lmer drfrnst, SO I'll say 
Pill fly Ih, .. t .n " gam .. no OIle HireS about III Ihe first 
piau. 
ROSE BOWl..: UCU (6-4-0 ws. ILLINOIS (10-
J). jdnlltuy 2,2 pm INBC-lV/ . 

E",,, IlltII'gh II/IIWIS " fI/Ilkcd "1 .11 Ihe nallO", and 
UCLA b IIot raled, Ihe III,,' on Ih,s wnle~ 1 is e .... n. &1 
Ihe h"u\(' on II/lllolS, a deal .. ,nncr by lOr/ue of a 
strong "'jt'nSf, WIlly oDenl< and the wdc hmg oj Mike 
\\Ihlle UCLA r.,ckrd II"u Ihr R"", B.rwl Ih, flar, alld 
Ihe only Ihll1g lhey ",1I1>e snlt'lI"'g 111 Pasad"n" IS Ihe 
g', ,,, Ih,/I Ih .. figllllllg tillI" ",,1/ I .. rub""'g th ..... Jan', 

plt-ase turn «/ {XIge 16 

peiformances from 

-

The Birdcage Review 
Barry Brown 
Kevin Walsh 
James Ralph Papp 

Linda Nelson-Colley 
Karl Roeseler 
Jennifer Rubin 

"Elevator Music" 
"B(r)ass Impressions" 

Graphic Art & Photography Exhibition 

Copies of the latest Birdcage Review will be 
ava ilable Thu rsday, December 1, 4:00 pm 

North Conference Room 

ATTENTION! 
Muir Graduating Seniors!!! 

lj.)'.QU ~lan to gradu~te Winter Qu~r'er 1281: 
you must have a final degree check and submit a Degree and 

Diploma Application form to the Muir Academic Advising office 
by j anual)' 19. 

Ei ther come in to· the Academic Advising Office, H&SS 2126, or 
call 452-3580 to make an appointment by January 17, 1984. 

Don't Delay! 
If you do not have a final degree check AND submit 
your application form by the above date, you will not 

be able to graduate Winter Quarter, 1984. 
Remember that at Mui r College you must have completed at 

least L80 un its for a SA degree (192 minimum for a B.S. 
degree). Muir College requi res a mi nimum of 18 upper-

d,VISion courses (72 upper·div ision units). orne majors may 
require up to 23 upper-division four unit courses to graduate. 

Running Thoughts 
By JEFF SAVAGE & MIKE GREENBERG 
WHAT'S GOING ON HERE DEPT. It's strange how some centers can appear so smooth 
and work so softly around the basket yet accomplish nothing, while others look so 
awkward as they bounce meir way through another dominating game. UCSD could 

ha~ a 5'10· smoothie on the women's baskerball team but they're satisfied with Teik 
Francis. And well they should be. Standing abo~ most of her Division DI rivals at 6'4·, 
Francis is what you'd call the Tritons' weD, and mey go to her often. VirtUally every 
play ends in a Francis shot inside me lane, and obviou5ly, as Teik's perfonnance goes , 
so go me Tritons. It's no secret that Judy Malone's squad revolves around the "Francis 
Force," yet despite knowing this, opposing teams still cannot slow her down. Last 
year's team featured a sman scoring guard in Paulette Parker and a mad bomber in 
Brenda Sweatt as weD as coultWisejennifer 
Gregory and 6'2" Shelley McKeone. With 
that foursome not in this year's early season 
plans for one reason or another, Coach 
Malone has issued Teik a blank check o n 
the coult . Francis has definitely made the 
most of il. In the Triton home opener at the 
Pavihon Tuesday night, Francis lit up the 
board with 30 points while puUing down 19 
rebounds. On the season , the sophomore 
from San Diego has averaged over 17 points 
and 13 rebounds per game. And while 
Francis has not glided with the style of the 
likes of Moses or Kareem, her unonhodox 
style has been overshadowed by her 
accomplishments. Intensity plays a big factor 
on a baskerbaD COUIt and Francis does not 
take her performance lightly. When she 
stepped over the foul line on a free throw 
attempt in Tuesday's game, Francis clenched 
her fists while returning up the COUrt and 
disgustedly slammed her anns to her knees. 
But [or Francis in 1984, aggravation will be a 
foreign experience for the most part for twO 
reasons: she has the big size on the COUIt 
and a bigger heart inside. 

TtiJr Fnlncis usualy ptrforms abow her 
opponmt on the court. 

WAIT A MINUTE DEPT, When the Raiders battle the Chargers tonight in San Diego, it 
won't be the last time KeDen Winslow participates in the intense rivalry. But it may be 
the last time he1 play with a lighming bolt on his hemet. Winslow has said he 
wouldn't mind playing for the Raiders, and his statements are triggering munnurs in 
the Raider organization. "I reaDy like their intensity and aggressiveness," Winslow told 
the Los Angeles Times Tuesday. "I could play for them quite easily." There are three 
reasons why Winslow wiD most likely be suiting up in silver and black next year. First 
of aD, even though Winslow is considered by most as the premier tight end in the 
Nfl, he if; expendable. San Diego has two quality back-up tight ends in Pete Holohan 
and Enc Seivers, and Winslow is an old man by comparison. Secondly, although the 
Raiders themselves have an up-and-coming star at the tight end position by the. name 
of Todd Chrislenson (who leads the NFL to receptIOns thIS year), owner AI DaVIS and 
coach Tom Aores can always make room for someone with Winslow's ski Us. Davis 
knows that nabbing Winslow from the Chargers will cause twice as much damage to 
San Diego because the Chargers will lose an asset while the Raiders gain one. And 
most imponantly, as the aforementioned premier tight end in the league, Winslow and 
attorney Howard Slusher should be anxious to renegotiate his contract at season's end. 
Kellen cenainly deserves a bundle for his services and everyone knows how Charger 
owner Gene Klein feels abow dishing out huge clumps of money for his players. We 
almost saw the most integral palt of Air CoI')'eU get away when Dan Fouts sat out for 
pan of a season in a salary dispute. AI Davis isn't so chinzy. look for Winslow to 
come running to the Raiders soon. AI Davis will be there waiting with open anns, a 
wad of cash in hand (and ma)'be some in a paper bag) and a squint in his eye. 
ON THE AIRWAVES DEPT. Some observations, off the waD as they may be, on 
broadcasters and broadcasts: The best announcing team currently is the Frank Glieber-
Dick Vermeil combo on CBS. Glieber is a very underrated play-by·play man, with a soft 
voice giving accurate deSCriptions. He is also sman enough to let the picture speak for 
itself - forgetting this is a constant pitfaD that most announcers fall into. Working last 
weekend's Green Bay-Atlanta game, Glieber was flawless in his description of the 
Falcons' ovenime 17-11 Victory. Here is his deSCription of the last play of the contest: 
"Dickey back ... throws for lofton .. . intercepted by Ken Johnson, his second in the last 
four minwes ... he needs a block ... he gets it... the Falcons win .... " There was no need to 
over-describe; Glieber did not utter a word for over a minute as johnson (who had 
returned an interception for a touchdown to send the game into ovenlme), was 
mobbed by players and fans alike. Venneil then came on with a nice touching 
commentary that summed up the ~flemoon: "As a coach, you say tQ yourself, "How can 
this happen?" As a player, you can t beheve your eyes. But as a fan, you know you WIU 
remember this game for years to come." ... Probably the most obnoxious play-by-play 
men to listen to (hey, we said play-by-play, and Howard CoseD does commentary) are 
Marv Alben (because of an irritating New York accent), Dick Stockton (because he - . 
seems to be compened to hype the most ordinary of pia)'!!) 'II1d Charlie jones (because 
of his long pauses and inaccurale play description). Now, you may wonder, why aren't 
these broadcasters booted from me booth? The answer is Simplistic and has to do with 
why all anchors and reponers stay around too long. They have guaranteed six-figure 
contracts that the networks are afraid to eat .... If you have ever wondered how a college 
radio broadcast can sound so profeSSional, it has to do with funds. KIA, the UCLA 
student radio station, has an enonnous budget to broadcast Bruins games, home and 
.. way. By contrast, KSDT, UCSD's radio station, has no budget, yet did a credible job 
Tuesday night when the women's basketball team beat Cal State Stanislaus. 14· 58. 
KSDT (540 in the dorms) will be broadcasting this Sat\lrday night as the men's 
baske tbaD team hosts a talented Occidental club from Los Angeles. Tip off is at 7:15 .... 
FinaDy. for you basketball masochists, ESPN is televising 173 coUege basketball g.lmes 
this wimer. ThaL's right, 173 (and only 30 ,Ire tape-delayed). ESPN has been In the red 
since li S inception, yet they are stiU trying 10 put out qUillity spons programming. If 
they ,Ire forced to go off the air (an inevitJbility if they don 't genera te more revenue), 
spo n s fa ns, not ESPN , Will be the big lose rs . 
NEXT QUESTION PLEASE DEPT. Mond.lY's question : Ea rli er this season In th e 
C.madl ,m Football Le .. guc, the Ott.lwa Roughrid ers defeated the Cdlga!), Stampeders, 
36-1: How did Calg.lry score one pOint? Answer: In C .. nadldn football . one point IS 
scored when the opposing team downs the ball to the end zone ,md Ouawa downed 
the b,ID on .1 punt attempt . Today's question: Which len NFL teams Will mJke 'he 
pl.!yo fTs thiS yea r? Answe r next issue Uan . 9). 

r---------------------------------, I Term Papers a Problems? Theses? Manuscripts? 
: Why Worry - Do what Alfrec:l E. Newman does ... 

: Use HTC 
COPIES 2* Hi-Tech COPYONLV __ -' 
Xerox 9500 $17.50 an- hour rate on 

• 2-sidBd coptflng 
• Transparencies 
• Reductions 
• Enlagements 

• Cutting 
• Stapling 
• Collating Free 
• Colored Paper 

Word Processing 
No Set-Up Charge! 

Dlrec:tlonl: I~ to Mira Mesa Blvd. 436~682 
Exit east % mile to Scranton, right 2 OPEN 12 HOURS A DAY, EVER'( DAY 
blocks to 4902 carroll Canyon Rd.at r'M • Dec bar 10 1983 comer. Viler exp,res em , . 

~---------------------------------~ 

PARK & FLY $3.DOaday 
I. I JII: 

vaJetto and from air terminal, Amtrak, bus T.J. trolley 
t. Conveniently !)Irk your car ., Reserve your space 
2_ Dusk to diwn \igI1tlno 5. Talce your keys with you 
3. Large wei secured lot 6. lndudes valet service 

... 
()pen 24 hours a day. DIvIsIon of AAM. Auto Storage & Park 

165 SMnth Ave" 5MnIII & l . San DIeQo 
234-.. 

a.r ..... r ...... 

BACKPACKING 
BEACHCOMBING 

ROCKCLIMBING 
5th Annual 
BAtlA'I'RIP 

SUN. DEC. 11 
TO 

SAT. DEC. 16 
~ ALONG THE COo\ST ... 

HOT SPRINGS".ROCK<lIMIING IN 
THE MOUNTAINS_. 

INCLUDES: FOOD (EXCEPT LUNCHES~ CAMPING GEAR, 
COOICING GEAR, 1RAN5POIO'A11ON, lEHlS, 
QJM8ING GEAR, /IIHJ 1NSTIIUCllON. 
ALL OTHER E~ AV~ fOIl RENT, 

OPEN TO ALL UCSD STUDENTS,. 
FACULlY & STAFF 

NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY 
and details In Rec 



737 Pearl 

PRECISION 
HAIRCUTS 

for men & women 
Wit. t.i. COUPOIl Oilly. 

OHer expires 1/ 1/84. 

456·1170 
La Jolla 456-1815 
-----------------~--------$10 PRECISION: PERM $29.50 HAIRCUT I Long Hair Extra. 1---------------------for men & women I 

Shampoo, condition, cut. 
(Blowdry not Included.) 

I MANICURE $5 

SkI ~~S! 
Warren Miller 

Ski Film Festival 
Thursday, December 1 
TLH 107; 7pm & 9pm 
Admission $2 
$1.50 w/ad 

in Guardian 
SporuorcJ fry 

Third OJllege Programs Group 

Basketball 
,,>llIilllll'" )"'1111 IX/g" IJ 

By quickly p.1ssmg the baD off and 
penetrating the middle. the team 
showed that they could easily get the 
ball in to Francis and also lind wide 
open teammates for easy baskets. 

Against StanislalJS. the Tritons led by 
only six, with 4:23 left in the game. The 
Tritons mn their lead to 16 by game's 
end with patient play and outstanding 
free-throw shoming. As Stanislaus 
panicked. our Tritons shm an incredible 
19 of 26 from the hne. Sue Semrau (4-
4). Kim Allen (7-8) and Teik Francis (6-
9) led the free-throw shOOling. 

The Tritons looked impressive from 
the warm-ups lO the end of the game. 
With Michael Jackson's song "Beat It" 
blaring out, the Tritons put on a c1dSSY 
demonstration of ball h,mdling and 
passing. They opened the game with a 
feisty display 01 fuU-coun defense and 
team offense. 

It looks as though Judy Malone may 
be building an exceUem women's 
oosketbaU program which wtll get 
recognition <lnd prestige . espeCially as 
long as Teik Francis continues to play 
for UCSD. She c<ln rebound , block 
shots, score pOlms dnd intimid<ltc. And 
with the help of her teammates, 
primarily Andrea Cl.uk <lnd Julic Cross 
(rebounding), Julie Krause (scoring) and 
Allen <lnd Semrau (playmaking), the 
Tritons could go a long way in DiVision 
III play. 

Though the Tritons did nOl bury 
Stanislaus early, they were firmly in 
control of the game from the outset. A 
long-range IInal Jumper by forward 
Andrea Michelotti m<lde the IInal margin 
16. 

The women will be faCing an even 
tougher schedule than last year, which 
saw a 17-9 team barely miss the 
playoffs. But the '83·'84 Trirons should 
expecl lO do much better, with a team 
thaI plays wllh force, roninide dnd, of 
course , Teik Francis. 

Bowl picture 
conrinued }rom pagi 1'1 
on. Could bt 0"" of r M mOS! /opsldtd Rost Bowls ~. 
IIHnois by 24. 

5lJGAR BOWl.; AUBURN (9-1) lIS. MICHIGAN 
(9-2). January 2, 5 pm (ABC-TVI. 

Usual", a bowl rhat dtcuks r'" n"r.,,,,,1 <"",""""" 
rhos partICular Sugar ~Wnl should be a/lOflttr Iopsllkd 
affair. Auburn IS dtJiniuly 0"" of rhe counrry', 10" 
rh".r rrams, and Iltty should dtmollSh a ,1II1tt. 
mtoloocrr Mich'l!UII squtld. Ltd by runnnlllg Nc. Bo 
)acltson. Auburn. coached by Ray D)or, cOIAId haw 
bt<n tpngJoro nllllima! hflt if~ "",,,,n 'r,,,on tQr~ 
lGISOn loss ro TCJUIS. BUI Wlrh rltt spoIhghr shIning 
'*-' on rMm on rhr s..",,'%llr. rhe TIll''' .... 1 haw 
• jitld doy IIII"'IISI thr WoIwnnt< and will Win by 20. 
ORANGE BOWl: NEBRASKA (/ 1-0) lIS. MIAMI 
(10-1). Jamurry 2, 5 pm {NBC-TVI . 

This ",II dtJin~dy "" rltt rnosr MKJlch,d bowl go ..... 
rltis ~ar. So m<lny tIIirlgS will bt d«ultd wnh rhos 
_ch-up. If T rxas "'n' and Ntbe""'a losts. Trxas 
... be rltt n/ll1i""" cltam"..,...I{Taas and Nrbraslta 
boIh lost. rhtn MIamI ... U bt rltt chOICe for /1'1 . Of 
course. ,r l' all ocalk",oe if rltt Cornhusllrrs I"'UI/(~ on 
IItt Hurriea".. •. Thry art uovltfrllltd, and JooIbllB 
purists will cry our Jor a T~xof-Nt""aslla I""nn8 rltal 
would dtCldr rltt nmlO",,1 cho.,p BUI lital will ....... 
,. "wt. SInC< rltty haw dr.,oIoshcd everyont In 
rlttit puh (aapl for 011"""""" 5//I/c). 'Itt HIIS~" 
orr tJC""eI~d ro IlmllJn undrfraltd. Thry should bt 
jlWWtd by al lea r a louch"","", and why /IOrl Their 
IIYtrage viclory ""'"Xin was 37 I"'tnl<. PlayIng In frOllI 
of 0 ho .... CI'OIWI wdl ma~ a do/Jtrtnct ", MIIIIIIi, and 
rlvn is pro/Jablyrw bc" ... IIlel"",n Ihan Humca .... 
co«h H_d Sch"..U.nbr"llf" lh~rr " Iollrlhing 
.,.,,,111 a""'" Moam, IhlS)'tar. fr<'hman qUarTrrlNlcir 
Btrmc ~r (a/",lIly co"",...td WIth John E/way) has 
be.r hIS ka., frum belllnd In the closing ""onth 
Ihlre /l1IIt • . The /on, Hum::a"" "'...,msh _ a ltI/SOII. 
"""ning loss 10 F/orula. a conltSl In wIIich Ka:ru dtd 
IIIlI fIoIy. /luI Sll/(e lhen. MiaMI lIus lOOn Itn ",..pl. 
and «rIaln", ...., be pumptd .p 10 ploy lilt nlll""" s 
lot" kanl. NtI"u,/ta 's ckfrn", is quts//OIl/l/olt. alld 1 
lhin. Ko3:lr should br abI. 10 put jour IOl/{hdoJ""IS Oft 
IItt scoreboard. OIMou<ly IItt lory queslion IS. can lilt 
H.m::a .... Iit/e_ "op pmbtIbIy rltt 81<'tJ1<>/ 'ft"'" 
§lllCt the Ntlmllita (johnny Rt+rs) Club of 1971l If 
qll/lrlcrl>acll Turn .. Gdl cnglnrrrs IItt Hus"'" <JJ<nst: 
bitt lit """ smer o.bornc pul hIm In < h"'ll" I ... , ,...", 
.." lhen MIami wUl bc hI,,,,,n ... , ~ IItt studi • ., 
Ill"", WIIn Ihe 10.000 I>alloons Ihal art "hed.ltd 10 
lot dlStnbulcd befol~ the """nlng .,C"-Off. Bul f 
Sih"..Ucn"""llf' tltylst:S a litfrnSK. (Itt has "",,n 
mt",ionln8 a 6·2·3) lhal can Slop lilt· cwnlaul 
Htosman Trophy (Ondulau M"'" Rozle., .. 1,,1t III ,''' 
"'III< /l1IIt n,·gatt Ihe pasHauhlng a/>t'''ItS of IMng 
Fryar, Ihrn the Humranes "'''' puU Iff I Itt btggtSl 
",""I of I Ins scll>tln. Sure, d I> ca, .. , .;aId ,'''',, dt"", 
- Ihal IS, SlOPPIng RoZICr and Fryur (In< IWI! oj 11k'1l1 
have colnbm"d /m lM" 3.CKJO >,",d,). I>ul .. "h • 
1"' .. ",,01 up crowd and a nl/:rglf.u qaurl~""" II. " """ 
bt Sinntlltnht"llfr "nJOYlng orange JUIU lImk: )on.ary 
3. IIIlI Osbo..... MIamI by a f .. 1d goal. 

Volume 10 Number S 

ACADEMIC 
ADVISORY 

WHY DID THE DINOSAURS DISAPPEAR? 
To find out one of the theories take 

Professor BeIJer's Frontier's of Science 135 
course which wiD Sludy the notion of periods 
of rapid change in geologic history caused by 
meteor impact as weD as olher nalural 
disascCfS. Spaces arc still available for this 
exciung course offered Winter Quaner on 
Tuesday/ Thursday from 2:30 to 3:50 pm In 
USB 3070. 

fur more information call or stop by the 
ReveDe Humani[ies Office 1512, H-L, x3311. 

Community Center 
Renovation 

The good old Revelle communily 
Center/Commuter Lounge wiD be sponing a 
new look come Winter Quaner. ln add ilion to 
lhe new plants, p«int job, microwave oven 
and decor, the Center wiD be completely 

~furbishtd. The project. lhe work of the 
Dean's Office and ilS intems, was undertaken 
at the beginni", of the school yeat and wiD be 
completed with [he arrival of lhe new 
furniture and minl-blinds. 

Doa 
A Revelle Publication - University of California, San Diejo 

FALL QUARTER 
SPOTLIGHT ON: 
Jamie Baudizzon 

Baudizzon, from Weaverville, 
is a senior psycho-physiology 

, Senior R.A. , an Orientation Leader, 
of Revelle Food and Housing 

, Revelle Rep to the Campus 
Food and Housing Committee, co-

/chlain:Jer.!IOn of ROC, RCC member, Revelle 
:Onllm.itu~e MI .. mln .. " Gourmet Cook (a fact his floor members can auest 

to). a worker at Mission Bay Hospital's Emergency Room, and there's probably more, 
but Jamie can't remember it He swims and rides a bike in his aUeged ·spare time," 
and loves to' go on road nips. Jamie is a reaDy wann and friendly guy, and his only 
compulsion seems to be that he spends aD his money on shoes. His true love is a 
cockatiel named MitcheD.Jamie is not quite a typical Revelle student, but he sure is 
good copy! He is currendy looking for a fiancee whose father is on a Medical School 
Admissions Board. Someday Jamie wiD make some lucky girl a great wife and 
mother. 

Because Jamie can't say no, he has a place on almost every commiuee at ReveDe. 1£ 
Jamie can't get things done legaDy, however, he resons to more violent means, as we 
saw last year with his terrorist activities in the fight for Revelle Apanments. So, there 
are many interesting facets of Jamie Baudizzon's personality - if you want to get to 
know him beuer, just join a ReveDe Committee - he'll probably be the chairman. 

P.S. - Jamie wishes Argo IV Happy Holidays. 

NOTE: If you would like to nominate someone (or yourselO for "Spotlight 
Student" submit the name (with phone num&er) at the Revelle Dean's Office. 

HUCARES: HL 
Well iI's lime for me [0 ram and rave and 

complain again. bUI Ihis ~ime I won'l concenlrale 
on me freshmen. The subject of Ihis anicle is HL. 
or HumanillCs Library. or CIuSler Undcrgraduale 
library [0 you clueless freshfolk. (I didn't say I'd 
spare freshmen . I juSl said I wouldn'[ concenlrale 
on [hem). I'm nO( complaining about ,he building. 
which Is aclually PUIlY, nice, [he only ilrm of 
archilrcwral significance on ~vel~ campus 
besides the DNA bridge, [he founlain , and 
YoiancU Garcia's suils. Nor am 1 complaining 
about it's excellent COI~clion of redundem books. 
I'm talking about a phenom«'non [hal has been 
growing for years and is Ihrea[ening to grt 001 of 
h.tnd. For you complerely clueless freshmen, [he 
Humani[ies Library has become [he hoursl pick-
up spo! on campus and it's gelling damned 
annoying. 

The firs! lime I discovered [his was way back In 
1981. my freshmen year (okay. okay, everyone was 
a freshmen a[ ledS[ once). 1 was wearing a red wool 
dress SInce 1 didn't have chem lab [hal day 
(remind me [0 ,ell you about [he lime [he guy next 
10 me blew everything up [he exhaust un). 
Anyway. I deCided 10 calch up on some reading 
and didn't know any bellcr but 10 go 10 Hl. 1 sal 
down. opened up [he book (Darkness al Noon) 
and wl,lhln IS minules was aware of solllClhing 
hoveri ng aboul 1 feet away. 1 looked up with my 
best "What's U~ Bozo?" exponsion and a man 
smiled pleasan[1y back at me. "Hello". he said. 

P~use . No ~sponse. "~ you Grace?" AI this 
moment. 1 miSled an irrcsiSlllble ursr 10 say 
"Nope. I'm Tnnh. Vinue and Beauty are OYer [here 
.And Failh, Hope and ChariI}' arc In lhe SlUdy 
room: I said "no", pause, "Oh", pause. pleasam 
smIle, "I [houghtyou _rea friend of mine". Pause . 
"Bul I'w only IlICI her once." About now I guess 1 
was looking less ~nd less mendly. 50 he stopped 
smiling. muatml50llltthing and left. Since I was a 
freshmen , I didn'[ susprct whal was really up: I just 
fagured the guy Uked red. or wool or black 

~perlwck books with hammer and slcldrs on 
[htm. After m.t initial encounr:er, it 
happening ilain and again. Afttr ~~~~~~I 
unsuccessfuDy 10 read "Creative Play [ 
Coho are you reading rlw book?" "Yes" "How 
interesting. Do you direct plays?" "Sure, have you 

Revelle To 
H.ollywood! 

~=================================~ heard of Evila?"). and bel", intmurxed' times in RevcUe Program Board is planning a ttip to r- 5 minules. I went Slorminl to a I'rtend of mine 
Hollywood 10 see the taping of Ihe "Tonlghl "why Mr lhese people so rude?" He palic:ndy 
Show" on Friday, January 20th. The Tonight expl..llncd Ihal no one goes 10 HL 10 read books. 
Show that evening wiD be hosted by none "It's [he bisge5! pick-up place". I refused 10 believe 
other than "joan Rivers". Tickets may be ' Ihal anyone would go to a library 10 pick up on 
purchased in the ReveDe Dean'sOfficcforSIO people. Maybe if I gel ~ ~ss intCftSllng book. 
per person, which includes bus something less of.1I1 obvious conversation swlrr. 

. fr UCSD d back d I [ested OUI my theory wilh Shenk's Calculus and 
transportation om an , an 't/lillylicw &omtlry and was immediately proved 
admission the the [aping. Only i5 seals art . wrong. Comments rdnged from "oh. ~re you 
available on the bus and tickets will be sold on redding I hat book?" ("no. I JUS! like [0 look al [he 
a firs! come firs! serve basis. The bus is pictures") [0 "Oh, I have that book" ("Bllchin. So 
scheduled [0 leave UCSD at 12 noon on dotS everyone ~ on campus"). I tried other 
Friday the 20th and return to campus al books, from [Ilt COnlmunisr Manifosro (boy. you 
around 11 pm. Free refreshments will be should holw seen some of InOS/! winners) to Tht 
served on the bus. The bus will be Slopping for GrrtII GIIrshy. . 
dinner after Ihe taping, before returning 10 Anywoly, you get me ~inl. Even ifl wasn'l 
UCSD. Organizations pmonn.dly h.wssed, [ re wiluconSlantcl.unor 

REVELLE 
COLLEGE 

COUNCIL 
Revelle College Council has openings on the 
rollowinl commitlees: 
.Media Board (I opening) 
• Sundry Store Advisory Commiuee (S 
openings) 
.Comminee on Alcohol dnd Substance I 

Abuse (l opening) 
ecroldu.uion Commitlee 

If you lire intcres[ed in Krving on one of [he 
.Ibovt committees plellSt SlOp by me ReveRe 

~at"s Office .Ind 1111 OUt lin application. 
DCildline [0 .Ipply is Frni.ay. Jllnuilf)' 13th. 

Programming Board 

Programming Board 

--------------------------------- - ~-------------------------

f3£>f)()~ 
LU(:I\ 
()~ 

-=I~AL§! 
------- -- ----- -----------------------------

of boy meClS girl .IH around, m.lking II Impossible 
[0 rud , sludy. do homework, think, or do 
anything oil ~II exct'pl wrile ~vel~IOI)'S oInlcies. 
It's goum 10 [he point where something needs [0 
be done. Now I'm nOI.againSl chance meeung in 
tilt library. or repressing lhe firslSpdCks of love or 
anything. Romance can blossom all oyer Ihe 
c.\mpus, .and does, from EECS Idb [0 weighlroom. 
cLlssroom [0 TG. dnd even in [he dell. What I'm 
..golioSl is rhe purposeful gomg [0 [he /ilmuy [0 pic~­
up proplt. S.lVe il for EI Tori[o·s. kids. [he food's 
better [here [00 . 

Wh.lI you coin do [0 SlOp [he problem: 
I) Respond 10 all Slupid commenl5 with outright 
rudeness: "Oh. wh.tl an imercSling book". "Drop 
dead". ~al wuh .dI qUCSlions Nkewise: "Ott. ue 
you reading [hal bookl" "No. but I find Ihat turning 
[he P"8es reLtxes me". Or If you don't like being 
rude try beong completely ofT-the-wall: "Hi. is [his 
SUI [.lken?" "Did you know [hal rhere's no 
n.ltur.ally occuring blue food?" Or . .a good a11-
purpose response -heaVily sedated Pfts meake 
interesrlng .lnd im.tgin.lllve cenlerplrces." Or you 
could si mply g1.1rt a[ [he person, slam shul your 
book. and Ir.ve. Wh.a[evcr you do. be sure 10 make 
[he experience as devilSlllling and tr~umalic as 
possible for the prospective pickerupper . 
2) If someone nex[ 10 you is beginning a 
me.mingful relationship, SI«r them in lhe proper 
direction. like "I think you twO should have as 
many kids as possible so as 10 improve [he genetic 
pool". Or, If lhe pick-up is mired .. [he -What's 
your major?" SUF. help lhem along. "listen, why 
don' you Just nch ... zodiAc: signs and leave?" 
If we .IH work togellltr. dv pick-up plaque aI HL 
oan be licked In our lifetime. 

-Ronol Hu 



Sockers continue to roll 
By ANDREW KEELER 

After proving mat they are human. 
the San Diego Sockers are again 
showing signs of invincibility. The 
world-beaters lost their opener in 
Chicago but have rolled in their last 
three games. 

Although Sunday night's match 
against the Sting was only the fourth 
game of the season. it was what coac hes 
like to call "a big game: The Sockers 
trailed the first-place Sting by one-half 
game and sought to avenge their only 
loss of the year. 

The Sockers also had to face the 
high -scoring Sting without goalie Alan 
Mayer, who had staned the prevIOus 44 
games. Mayer, last year's MVP, was 
replaced by Jim Gorsek, who had not 
started an indoor game in his career. 

Besides revenge and.goalkeeping 

problems, coach Ron Newman was 
concerned about extending their home 
winning streak to 24 games. This 
domination has boosted auendance to a 
le<lgue-high average of 11.457. 

The fans have grown to expect the 
goal-a-minute pace the Sockers 
established in their two previous 
victories, a 14-5 romp over the New 
York Cosmos and .In 11 -9 slugfest with 
the Golden Bay Earthquakes. On 
Sunday. however, they saw a difTerem 
kind of baltle - a phYSical and 
defensive COOlest. 

The Sockers literally fought with the 
Sung for 60 minutes to claim first place. 
Kaz Oeyna opened the scoring rwo 
minutes into the game after Chicago 
was slapped with a pair of penalties. 
Four minutes later Julie Veee scored the 

JRa~~~~==~~ 
A frozen SIosurl c!/,//air yogurt creations 

30<: oft '~ . KJ any purcha.e of $1.00 or more 
. : ~, 1030 Torrey Pines Rd. 

.t Henchel 
La JoUa 
-=~rz:;;:;;:::::;J~,-:1, oa. per 

""'_ 7.:'0.. ... VI If I c •• tomer 
Expire. December 7. 1983. 

r--**-fUNE:UPSPEciAi-.-;--" 
I INQUDES: Adjust \I01ves - most cars, new plugs. 5elVice battery, check compression. check • 
I cooling SXStem. adjust carburator. set timing. BY APPOINTMENT. • 

: $29 $49 $59: I • 
• DATSUN. TOYOTA. HONDA VOLVO· • cyI., DASHER, ALfA • ROMEO'· • cyt., • 
I (MOST MODELS) RA88IT, FIAT, TRIUMPH, MG Z-cARS, BMW 4- cyt. • 

:. SUN ~ IMPORT CAR :. ~ REPAIR SPECIALISTS I . • 
• 578 8536 Engine CNerhauls, Ring & Valve Jobs, • I • Brake Wcrk. Carbo CNerhauls. Clutches, • \.?!S;;~ !a~~ ~o~~a.ln_~ ______ C~~~_~~~ ___ J 

DELICIOSO! 
FRESH FISH 
DINNER 

Cooked on Mesquite c~ 

• Red Snapper 
• Poached Salmon 
• Sea Bass 

t'~~r!!~95 fiSh dinners 
,With this ad; includes soup or 

iliad .... EIpira 1/84.) CoocI for 
entile party on JOdiffermt ocasions. 

• Swordfish 
• Filet of Sole 
• Halibut 

r~:a:srinc-. I 
'ebu IIIOIDeIIt you 

• Thout 
• 1h Lobster $8.95 

~".,:s~ $~W 

enter the enchantin. wodd 01 SuCall.@ . 
Ent.erQin ... t I:: 
SUIOOD caollO 
• MDICAN 8PBCW2'IIS 
6738 La JoIb Blvd., La Jolla 
454-0369 
()pen daily lunch Ii dinner 
8 ~iforniA Cold Mecbl AwvdI 
for food excdJence 
1 J 1 2 1 3141 5161718191101 

second goal with an assist from Oeyna .. 
Chicago superslar Karl Heinz-

Graniua taDied the only Sling goal on a 
controversial shot that appeared to go 
ofT his ann and into the open net. This 
was the only bright spot for Granitza, 
who was constantly marked by Gary 
Collier and Martin Donnelly. Taking 
more dives than a Hollywood stumman, 
the Chicago forward got his final blow 
at the end of me game when he was 
crawling around the turf looking for his 
lost contact lens. Hugo Perez scored an 
insurance goal for the Sockers late in 
the third quarter to wrap up the victory. 

Gorsek pla~d weD in the nets, bur it 
was the Sockers' defense and a crippled 
Chicago offense that enabled San Diego 
to send the 8,369 partisan fans home 
happy once again. Lomat Hilltcs,Julit Vue and Guy NtwlllGn. 

I Can!erbuQCLJel Mar HaiI&ImJ 
Styles of the 80's 

Haircut $15 
with this ad 

Jlrsl rime clISIomm only 

Open 7 days. 
1011 Camino Del Mar 

Del Mar. Ca. 92014 

(619) 481-6739 
Offer expires 11-30-83. 

Philoi: 
Undergraduate Journal 

of Philosophy 
is now accepting submissions for the 

Winter '84 issue 
Deadline for submissions is 

January 1, 1984 
Detailed requirements and additional 

information are available in the Philosophy 
Department Office, HL 3112. A copy of the 

Spring '83 issue is on display in the 
periodicals section of the Humanities 

Library. 

SOFT CONTACT LENSES 
One Hour Service ~tcascs 

'ICLUDD: 
contact lenses, examination, 
patient training, follow up, 
chemical care Idt and fttting. 
lXiiNDID WIAI LINIII 
ONLY .... OO 

THE CLASSICAL EYE 
DR. 101111 HILLII OPTOMITIIIT 

La Jolla VlIIagc Squ.n 
(Inside the Mall; Lower Level) 

8657 VIlla La Jolla DrIve. Suite 136 
451-7374 
Hvr:lrOl~UI'\/" extended wear lenses availilble. 

CIaIIIIIII ............... ...... 
......... ........... ' ....... ..... 
..... _._.,.111 ... a , _ ..... 
.... ~.- .... , .......... 1:-
.... 8 .... ~ ........... __ ... .. 
_., ............ __ ...... ,. 
.......... ,.,......---
DIJ· ............... m· .. ........... ...,.,._t. , _ 
......... tca ..... a. .... c:A 

WANTED 
Telephone InteMewers. No 10_ Falible om. 
pm hours. $4/hr. ac reseach. 29~ Jean 
or.Jo;ce. (12/1) 
c:owAJTER INSTRUCTORS wonted to teach 
course to beginner students In San Diego 
crea on TI44A. S5.50/hr. 714-662-3661. (1211) 

PERSONALS 
Hey Guysl Wont a Christmas full ot kisaes? 
Catch a SIgmo Kappa pledge and get ~r 
mistletoe now! Only fifty cents c1JrIng IInaIs 
week. (12/1) 
To the BehrIng Dork SQuad - Farewell and 
good tude to all ot youl r-F. (12/1) 
Ski Vall Jan. 7-14. 5 daiS-nlght1. lodgIng. 11ft 
ticket&. all Induded S290. Doug 287-3400. 
(12/1) 
s.ae Short meeting Mondav 12/5 8:00 pm 
Revelle comrruter Lounge. MANDATORYI 
(12/1 ) 
UnCle Ebenezer let's meet to go carOling w/ 
the Inri Club 6:30 Friday at the inri Centre -
Bob C. (12/1) 
OvIstmas ccrollng can be fun Come join us 
Fridav at 6:30 at the International Centre ling 
& eat. LOIIeUs. (12/1) 
To "The M Oa1cs· - CongraciJlatlons on a 
perfect 18QIOn, you're all GREAn Captain 
Dork. (12/1) 
LA. I'll Miss You!! LOIIe, S.N. (1211) 

HOUSING 
Femate Roommate (plus apt?) INOOted. Vis 
Ms. quiet. neat. ~smoker. UnderS2Xl. 293-
7529. (12/1) 
Room CMlIIabIe In ttvee bedroom houIe 
PocIIIc Beach 0Nn room S240 mo. Available 
Dec. 1.272-3412. (12/1) 

Fern IOOn'IOte wanted Gen. Highlands SIngle . 
Rm. WC1IIh/av/pooIln cId. dOietobu.bchOOI 
S'19J/roo. p1u11/3 alec. unfmed 0011453-4650 
lauren or HeIdI. (12/1) 
female wanted wInt.- quat. for Solana 
Beach condo. /ItbcNe ocec:n pool. jacuz • 
tennis. etc. S2JOImth 7~. (12/1) 

SERVICES 
Fast • .".-lenced 1ypIIt. Student " prot 
papers. Compasitlor\ledittng. Near campus 
450-07329\/e. Helen. (12/1)' 
TYPING - Faculty/Students. Quality wcrk. 
Reasonable rates. Tapea also San"t, 459-
5818. (12/1). 
Fast accurate. high quality. acme dc:l( service 
for under 15 pages work. Nea UCSO. Call Fery 
at tet. 452-1393. (12/1) 
TYPING - Term papers. manuscripts. the58$. 
IBM coo. seIec. Reasonable rates. .Jane Olds, 
~127. (12/1) 
ImprO\le Term Papers. Th ..... Tenyecn\M'ltlng 
8Kp. two Mas. degIees. Word Processor. Flo • 
450-1868 (12/1) 
WorctNrtghts for quality word processing. Fast 
ciatts ond letter perfect 1IncJs. 481~395. 
(12/1) 
Tvplng ... Term Papers. Reports, Misc. 
Corrected. 95C pg. IItv1Se1ectrtc.CaIiBee 753-
7356. Please save ad. (12/1) 
TRIPLE-CHOCOlATE BROM-JESI Full pound ot 
the best hand-mixed. super chocotatey 
frosted br~les. $10.70 with dellvetY. Karina's, 
BOle 8325, San Diego. 92102. (12/1) 
PREGNANT? Choose alternatives to abortion. 
San Diego Pro-Life League HotIlna 583-5433. 
941-1515. (12/1) 
lRAfAC a.ASSES. Court appn:MId. Satl6c1ays, 
Sundays. Evenings. held at University To..vne 
Centre. Mission VAIIev and La Meso. 
Registration 565-1767. (12/1) 
Need a typist? Reasonable, Speedy. 
Accurate Call Kathie 576-1277 anytime. 
Guaranteed Service. (12/1) 
UNWANTED HAIR REMOJED PERMAJIIENTLY 
near colJ1)us. La Jolla Ptotessionat Center, 
8950 Villa La Jolla Dr. Suite 1160-C Call for 
appt 453-7040. (6/7) 
Typing - 51 per page Disoountl Available at 
Kinko'sCoples (La Jolla VIftage Square) crcall 
279-3243. (12/1) 
TYPtNGI ~SH JOBSI Term ~ resumes. 
the&eI. ~tIon . .JennIfar27 .. -5005. (12/1) 
exceptional = -all knell. Super 111M • . 
Carrectlotll. g. NICIbv. Faat service. 

~1138. (12/1) 
Term papera - theeea - ctssertattons. Low 
rates. fast seMoe. Pro-Type. 454-6860. La Jolla. 
(6/7) 
TypIng IeIVioee for s1udent/faculty. theIes. 

1'1'lCJru~ts. books - 10 yrs 8!<p. Call Robin, 
571-6982. (1/12) 
Do 'IOU need money for IChaoI? We can 
locate schoIa1h1p. fet~. glOnt " loan 
sources thai ~ quatlfy for tt'lough our 
CXlfl'llUfa 18C1"ch. For more information 
contact: International Scholashlp SenIices, 
1809 Lorna St .. Santa BOItxlIa, CA 93103 Ph. 
(805~-0589. (12/1) 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
~one interested In good time starting a 
Signa Chi Fratllnity Chapter come toM-11 in 
the 3rd Apts at 6 pm Thurs. or call 481-D2 71 . 
(12/1) 
Ctvlstmas corOlling Friday 6:30 InrI Centre 
bring cookies ond a friend. Everytx;>ay Is 
welcome. (12/ 1) 

LOST Be FOUND 

Lost: Wide leather belt w/ distinctllie metal 
leaves attached cround II as a deslgn. Great 
sentimental \IOlue. If found please call Terri at 
488-6238 c:ny time. Thank Youl (12/1) 
Last: Blue chern notebook, if found please call 
Hona at 455-9716. (12/1) 
Last: 2vr male Golden RetrkMIr (Cloy Munk) 
bV LOTS Beach. He's a Sundown Surfer Bum. 
was not lost at time. just surfing! We need him 
at hornef REWARD! 5100. Please call 453-2452. 
Edle Munk. (12/1) 
Found: Blue women's pair ot running shorts In 
bathroom neoct to Bio-med lib. Call Gino at 
224·1876 to cloim. (12/1) 
Waro. Na~tlan, lost the passport ~ No. 
115195 issued by the PeopIe's Republic of 
Chino on Sept. 28. 1983. This passport Is 
Invalid If found, please return to math dept. of 
UCSD. (12/1) 
Last - cameo ring with gold band Iffound. 
please call Sand{ at 481~3267. Rewardl 
(12/1) 
LOIt. Gteen notebook containing song Iyr1cs 
and sc:ribbllngt. Please call Dan 223-5566 
x966. (12/1) 

TRAVEL 

MAMMOTH MaJNTAlN SI<I TRIP. Jon. 1 ~ $165. 
San Felipe. Macico. Dec 9-11 . S105. Get Awt:ri-
TouIl275-3CWxJ70. (12/1) 
CMRSEA') J08S - Summer/yea round. 
Europe. S. Amer., Austlalla, AsIa. All fields. S5OO-
$1200 monthly. Sightseeing. Free Info. Wrtte 
UC. BoK 52-CA19, Corona Del Mar. CA 92625. 
(1/12) 
GoIng East for xmas? Driller/s needed to tQ!(e 
car to VerrTlO!'1t. WfJ P!C'~ CUi - you the 
gas. 4t>5-6829. (12/1) 

FOR SALE 
I/IN BUS - Very reliable - !;P)d ruming 
condition w/rebuilt engine - needs point. 
51400 - 436-4694. (1211) 
1 tlc1<et for the All-Cal ski trip to Aspen on Dec. 
10. S290 Includes transportation, lodging. litt 
lici<ets & all the rest. Call Jennifer 452-9943. 
(12/1) . 
For Sale: Honda 600 CC Sedan, 72. 55 mpg. 
runs quiet. 10,CXXJ$. will negotiate to~. 447-
5839 Matt. (12/1) 
Todd Rundgren tici<ets for Sun. Dec. 1B. 2 
tickets S15 each at the Palace call Ann after 6 
pm 452-8738. (12/1) 
Adidas sweatsults. brand nE'MI. Different sizes 
ond colors for S50-<Q. (5O't store prices) call 
481-1529. (12/1) 
1976 Toyota Cellco GT 5-speed. Air/AM-FM 
stereo. This cor Is one of a kind-clossic shape. 
265-8664. (12/1) 
Tru~Vu 40 galion plexiglass aquarium w/ 
corrplete solt 'Mlter setup. Everything brand 
nE'MI. $190 or boo Jom 755-1017 (12/1) 
Scubo - Complete setup induding nE'MI 
SeqQuest BC, hea.Iy duty dille bag. spear. 
many edras. S600 or bo. John 755-1017. 
SPEAKERS: Ultrolinear 2-wav S25/ pro 35mm 
CM1ERA Rican, w/OO mm lens S30. 453-DB41 
9\/85. (1/9/84) 
Ralph Louren POLO. Brooks Brothers. Neiman 
Mcrcus MEN'S ClOTHING suits. lockets. slax, 

sh~ ties SliGHTlY worn. so you buy CHEAP 
cOli for sizes. prices and ClpIJOintment to see 
459-5232 sole ends 12/4. (12/1) 
AlI-CaI ski trip ticket 'NOS $295 now S280 coli 
Finn 453-96:1). (12/ 1 ) 



eee 

ANHEUSER- BUSCH. INC.. BREWERS OF MICHELOB CLASSIC DAAK BEER . Sf LOUIS. MO. USA 

MicheloD invites you to enjoy an exceptional 
dark beer. Michelob Classic Dark: 

Ifs a rare combination of the robust flavor of 
dark beer with the classic smooth and mellow 
taste that comes from one beer alone. Michelob. 
SOME THINGS SPEAK FOR THEMSEI»ES ... 



~\nd1 
C\t'/ 

~rt 
Co("('\es ~ to\lCSO 



The Magazirre 
0{ the '80s 

lditor 
Al'lDRlW KfflZR 

AMoc:We Arts Editor 
JOHI'! I'!ff 

Writers 
MIKf AHI'!. JAN BRfS· 
1AUt:R. CHRISTOPtIfR CANOu:, 
JOAI't I'OIlSBfRG. ROM HU, M.s. 
HUrrr (GardenIng). PAUL 1'1. 
JO!'IfS, CLYDfl'!f !'Iff 

.. 

/tIllus Is published every 
Thursday of the school yar as a 
supplement 10 the UCSD OUMdiMt . 

~oductlon or usc without written 
pmnlsslon of any portion of this 
magidnc Is a IKHIO. We welcome 
uMOlidtf.d letters, manuscripts, 
and .utwork, but assume no 
rtSponSIlNUty for the return of such. 
Send Information to: 

ttlATUS 
6-016, Li1I .IoU. 

Ca. 92093 

And thaI's the fact. Jackl 

Contents 
Cover: Chicago comes to 
Mandeville in an exhibition of 
new videos and pail}t1ngs. lbe 
Chicago Scene features work by 
the newest artists from the 
Midwest Shown on the cover are 
Jeff Colby's Centipede and Rose 
Dlvlta's Assassins are Out 
Tonight See story on page 3. 
Reco~s ............... page4 

The record industry has corne out 
of a slump and pressed lots of new 
albums for the Yuletide season ... 
RfAId the story for the COIIIPlete gfft-
buying guide. 
rilms ................. ,. 5 

There will be tons of films to pass 
the time during the break thiS year. . 
Yentl. Gorley Parle, Silkwood, 
Christine, Scatface, and Hicltey'~ 
Christmas caml will aU carry that 
wann Chrisbnas f~Ung. 
Roman HoUiday ... . ...• ,. 6 

The real story behind this new 
and upcoming bancl. 

Bob's Book Report .... 2 
Assorted VInyl Report .... 4 

Go .... On ... 7 . 

WJIAT 
DO 

UCSD 
STUDENTS 

WANTlIII 
Your University Center Board & the 
Facility Advisory Committee want your 
ideas & feelings about programs, facilities 
& services here at UC5D. So, come fill 
out our surveys on December 5,6 • 7 
from 8:30 a.m. - 4:30 p.m. outside"the 
Reatstrar'. 0fIlce, or at EDNA on 

December 8 • 9. 

-
(Iacead •• : You may win a $250 travel voucher from 

CIEE or $50 or $25 in cash). 

2 nutUs December] , 1963 

Bob's Book ReRQ,rt 

A murderer and a monk 
By IlOKKT W)ftE 

Umberto teo's Italian bestseller The Name of tM Rose (ably 
translated for Harcourt, Brace and Jovanovich by WIlliam Weaver) Is a 
confusing, enlightening. complicated and simple work. Simply, a 
franclsc:n monk Is asked to Investigate a murder that occurred In a 
Clunak abbey In the year of our Lord 1l27. So one might reasonably 
expect a gentle romp through the halls of holiness. 

Then JOU start learning unexpectf.d things about the year 1327. for 
two previous centuries catholk ~rope had been wracked with waftS 
of heresies. peaant rebdUons, plagues, InqulsltIOM, wars and an 
unusual strain of dlsuters. The "Peaceful Monk" stereotype might as 
well be toued out of the window. The I'rIncIacan order Is very close to 
being elCOllllllUillcated and declared haetlcal en muse. The abbey 
hides rdlgecs from the WII' against rra Dolclno's heretical army, 
whose swords and bocIIa stained "the waters of the camasco red that 
day at Stavello.."" 

this Is In flc:t the yay reason wby the detective, William of 
Baskerville (whole descrtptlon rnak:hcs that of Sherlock Holmes In 
every detail, quite CHI purpoee) Is evaa at the abbey. The monastery Is 
to be the scae of a meeting betwan the theologians of the Pope at 
Avlgnon and the t:IIeoIcJgIam of louis, ~mperor of the Holy Roman 
rnaplre. to dlscas the conditions whereby Michael, superior general 
tt the rranclscans. might visit the Pope with some degree of safety. 

MGlllWhIIe, monks are fallIIg dead Idt and right smilingly Idlled 
In a pattan taken from the ApocaIypIe. 

Ac;tuIIIy, all the hbtory that JUU need, and all the religious 
backgIOund of these now~re times, Is provided In the text. It·s a 
totaIlnunaskII hU the bookish, scbolarly world ofa monastery with 
"the most acclaimed Ubmy In ChrIstendom:' 

The ..... tIYe Is In the bm ofa lIIIIluacript penned by a dying monk 
who was WID_ oI .... enille's sraet.y. r..co writes a long. ftctlonaI 
acCOUDt of IIow he I'ound a I'rench tranalatlon of the Latin origIna{, lost 
the ortgtnaJ (II a rather oolorful way) and then found out just how 
obSClft the book really was. this ls,ofcOlU'!e, pattemed after the ftrst 
Introduction to Horace Walpole's TIle CUtle of otIanto, and, In fact, 
the nrS corpse that turns up Is a monk from Otranto. 

The l'I.".e of tM Rose may be obtained at Crown Books, the UCSD 
Bookstore (for those of you who wish to try the buy-back system), and 
the Reader's ChoIce section of Central Ubrary. 

• 

All 
of Us 

• In 
Undergraduate 

Affairs 
wish you success 
with your exams 

& 
a very happy holidayl 

• 

GREETtIMCe, 
="'------ - - - - ="'~ 
-= ~ ~ ~ 

"Ona, a little fish afcI to the 
queen of the ftshes, '1 have heard 
of a thing called water. (an you 
tell me what It Is? can you tell 
me what It does? Can you tell 
me where It can be foUnd?'" 
"Spring Winter," a video by 
Mark Paul Petrick, attempts to 
answer this quesUon ' through 
poetry and visual Images. The 
work Illustrates the queen's 
answer: "Water Is the very 
simplest of things .... You and I. 
and everything, both Inside and 
outside, Is water .... All of the 
things we know are water In 
disguise\, 50 that all we . tully 
know Is water:' 

Videos rangJng from sublime 
to .tlrical are currently playing 
at the MandevIlle Art Gallery as 
part of CIIIaJgo .bile, a show 
featuring the work of 
outstanding Chkago artists In 
the genres of painting and 
video. There Is about III hour 
and a half worth of tapes. 
bturing ten works In addition 
to Petrick's. Although the 
artists all appear to know one 
another, as suggested by the 
nlm credits at the end of each 
piece (Jeanine Mellinger, who 
organized the show, Is 
mentioned In most of the 
credits), there Is plenty of 
variety and difference of style 
among the 11 videos. 

"Spring's Winter" Is the nrst 
on the tape. BesIdes the poem 
about the little ftsh. there art 
various personal references 
("And she told me, 'Before you 
had that thought you had the 
winter:"). Petrick employs 
OrIental themes to convey his 
message that everything living 
Is made of water. The result Is 
subtle and serene, but one has 
to be rather patient to 
appreciate the calm. pace. 

A partkularty dl'ectlve work 
Is "Voite of the locust" by ~ 
Daniel Klepper. According to 
Klepper, we create our life 
stories through events like 
birth. death, marriage and 
success. Other events, like 
closing a door, breaking a glass, 
escape us. We free them of their 
Influence on our lives. but they 
contain the same power In the 
moment they occur as evenlswe 
call our own. "Consider the song 
of the locusts, shattering the 
cool morning's sweep... the 
scream of a thousand Insects 
dying In the sun:' 8y allowing 
us to see a little of the life of a 
man and a woman when tragedy 
sbikes, Klepper shows us how 
powerful everyday events can be 
when coupled to something 

~very 'blg city has Its 
mystique, and Chicago 15 no 
uception. The beat of the city 
"nds Its way Into the people: 
artists, being adept at picking 
up the tempos and Influences 
around them, Incorporate the 
essence of the city Into their 
artworks. This 15 the rta50n why 
It makes sense to group 25 very 
dlrrerent artists Into one show 
based on the city they call 
home: no matter how diverse 
the styles, there Is stln 
something of the same 
character that underlies tham 
III. Chkago Scene. an exhibit of 
paintings that accompanies the 
video exhibit of the same name 
In Mandeville Art Gallery, draws 
on the talents of emerging and 
established artists who work out 
of Chicago. 

There are 55 paintings by 25 
Irtlsts exhibited In Chlago 
Scene. Space does not permit 

• 

Video on display at Mandeville as 
'Cbicago Scene' blows into town 

I, 110M nv 
"slgniftcanl" The woman goes what each one Is doing at the woman Is going to attempt to 
for a vacadCHI CHI an Island while same point In time, and, by take a boat orr the Island during 
the man. her husband or her listening In on their phone a storm. In a partkularly 
boyft1end, stays home. We see conversadon, learn that the memorable sequence, the man 

'''ellum CoM I'fneher' by Klrl itft:SUm is OM of 1M _/I ~t IMIntlngs currently on ~J/ at UCSD. 

More to 'Chicago' than just videos 
mentioning tnem all. but they 
are all worth seeing. There Is a 
good variety of styles. and 
although . they are grouped 
together as paintings. many of 
the works use sculptural or 
textile materials. 

Also featured Is a good 
selection of abstracts, many by 
young artists, that Gallery 
Director Oerry McAllister refers 
to as " third generation 
abstracts." Susan Kunz 
contributes two pieces which 
use cubes, boxa and ftat colors 
In a collage of angular shapes. 
Her "Water Clock" has three-
dimensional elements too: I rod 
projecting from the surface, a 
door cut Into the canvas. 

John DUg and Breit Splrlln 
make refertnca to aerial 

landscapes In their works which 
have detail that escapes ftrst 
glance. Two very different works 
are shown by Yera Klement: 
"Dunes" In bright green and 
gold with a red vessel-like 
object to one side, and "YacIdo 
Drawing U" In graphic grey. 
Klement achle\'tS the illusion of 
texture on a nat surface with the 
second. while with "Dunes" she 
layers encaustic on canvas very 
thkkly. like relief. 

Qordon Powell and Michele 
feder-Nadoft' use thkk textures 
also but with a textile theme. 
Powell contributes two acryIk 
and nylon "Tablecloths" In 
checker motifs and pleasing 
colors. reder-nldofJ does 
textured mixed media pieces. 
like rich fabrics patched 

together. 
Then there Is Paolo Colombo, 

who uses fabrics and shells In 
precise designs and collages. In 
"L'Abollzlne Della Memoria," 
these desJgns and a drawing ofa 
column art obscured by gauze. 
Some of the best abstracts are 
the pieces by Dan Ramirez. 
These are finely executed, 
controlled abstracts In black, 
white and greytonesofgraphlte 
on paper. In the connnes of 
rectangles or trapezoids. 
Ramirez plays with nne lines 
and music-paper Images. 

There are others: colorful 
sculptures by Jdf Colby, action 
cbawlngs by oene CoIanan and 
Quy Whitney's ethnic designs. 

On the border between 
abstract and _kallsm, 11111 

Is shown taking a bath while the 
boat skims across rough seas. 
The thunder breaks as the faucet 
Is tUl'lled on, and at the precise 
momelt that the man Immenes 
himself In tk water, the boat 
breaks UP. 

Inere are otht:r videos: 
notable are "Potential 
ApplicatioM and Umltadons" 
by John Manning, "Preliminary 
Character Sketches" by Jeanine 
(J-9) Mellinger and "Disguised 

~apades" by D.L. Bean. 
Hanning's work features a 
driving 'rock and funk 

~oundtrack, Images of 
machinery, Illness and skulls 
and Jaws. "Preliminary 
Character Sketches" and 
"Disguised f.scapades" concern 
the adventures of the Olrl 
Detective. Unfortunately, 
neither video Is particularly 
Inspired. Although the ftrst Is 
humorous, It ends up rather like 
the personals secdon of the 
local newspaper: there are 
IMide jokes everywhere, but no 
real Insight The second Is 
tedious without being 
particularly humorous: we 
watch the Olrl Detective cut her 
hair, put on makeup, snoop 
around In sunglasses, etc. 

The last video on the tape Is 
one of my personal favorites. 
.. Naked Doom" by fdward 
Rankus. This video, rather long 
compared to the others, 
combines elements of every 8-
grade film nolr horror movled 
from the fifties on, and the 
surprising thing Is that It works 
so well, The entire piece Is shot 
In sharp black and white. 
accompanied by the disturbing 
sounds of screeching strings 
(music by Bela Bartok). There 
are long hallways and creepy 
shadows, bones and dke, tables 
noatlng through hallways and 
legs glimpsed through 
doorways. As the crlminal-
turned-journalist writes In his 
journal the remJnlscences of a 
murder, we see plotless horror 
elevated to art. SwInging light 
bulbs, broken light bulbs. 
Headless bodies. falling bodies. 
sci-fi glass bodies and bodies of 
all kinds. Quns, brains, hands 
and above all a constant sinister 
whispering In German -
Rankus employs every trick and 
cliche possible to create a 
superb bit of video artistry. 

The Mandeville Gallery is 
open from noon until 5 pm 
every day except Monday. 
Admission is free. Chicago 
Scene win be showing until 
December 18. 

Cass uses simple figures and 
pencil and chalk lines In naive, 
childlike paintings. All three of 
cass'sworks In this show feature 
a Crt5Cent moon and a seated 
man. suggesting that they have 
some personal meaning for the 
artist. A childlike naivete 15 
evident In the simle oil pastels 
of Hollis Sigler also: they look 
something like what a gifted 
filth grader might draw and are 
captioned In childlike , 
dl¥>lnted cursive. There is 
humor Mre too. Sigler's "Just 
forget It" shows welghtllftlng 
equipment In the background, 
with a table full of desserts In 
the fCl'egrouncI. 

A light touch Is obvious In 
much of the show. for example, 
there are the neon-bright 
cartoon characters of Karl 
Wlrsum, symmetrical Aztec 
gods gone aayUc. 

-lIOMnv 
Decanber 1, 1983 "..",. .5 

• 
· 

) 

• 

• 



A well-mixed grab bag 
of LPs for Christmas 

By AftDRfW Kft:LfR 
The big rush of Christmas 
albums has been released, and 
Hiatus, your local consumer 
advocate, is on the job. Below is 
a brief summary of some of the 
hits and misses that are headed 
your way this Yuletide season. 

future Shock - Herbie 
Hancock. H;mcock is one offew 
black musicians to air on MlV, 
with his song " Rockit." and the 
unique video does the album 
justice. Hancock experiments 
with a number of new and 
different jazz-funk sounds to 
showcase his future-Shock, a 
worthwhile collectio'n of six 
pieces from a true master. 

Subject - Aldo l"Iova. Nova, a 
Canadian singer/songwriter, 
plays most of the instruments 
on the album. However, one 
man a band does not make. It 
features boring techno-rock 
that has a polished sound that 
keeps it one step ahead of the 
heavy-metal scrap heap. Also 
Nova displays a fascination for 
combat. with tracks like 
"Armageddon" and "War Suite." 

In Heat - Romantics. Any 
band that can write the all-time 
party/dance hit "What lUke 
About You" is alright by me. The 
Romantics have found new life 
since being added to 9LX and 
other new-wave stations. 
Although they will probably 
wallow in mediocrity for years 
to come, there will always be an 
audience for them. The big 
Question is. "What happened to 
those ridiculous red suits?" 

Eddie Murphy: Comedian -
f.ddie l'Iurphy. Probably the 
hottest comedian in the country 
right now, Murphy has 
reproduced most of his H80 
specials on this live recording. 
He takes pot shots at the rich 
and famous and even pulls off 
some great impressions, but 
how many times can you listen 
to the same joke? 

Punch the Clock - f.lvis 
Costello. What has happened to 
the angry young man? Costello 
has gone through emotions like 
a revolving door. One album he 
is happy, the next confused and 
later frustrated. On Punch th£ 
Clock you are never sure about 

anything except his never 
ending cynicism, With Costello 
you always get your money's 
worth - 13 songs. including 
the hit "Everyday I Write the 
8c><>k." 

And A Time to Dance - Los 
Lobos. A refreshing south ofthe 
border flavor makes this 
Mexican Quartet's album a 
surprise hit. Two of the seven 
songs are done in Spanish, with 
the others being straight ahead 
rock and roll. Los Lobos are 
galnmg a well deserved 
following in Southern 
California. 

The Motown Story - The 
first TWenty-flue Years. This 
five-record package captures 
many of the greatest hits and 
artists to come out of Motown. 
The Supremes, Marvin Gaye, 
stevie Wonder, The Miracles and 
more current performers such 
as Rick James, Uonel Richie and 
the Dau Hand make this one of 
the finest collection albums out 
today. (Sounds like a K-tel 
commercial?) Smokey Robin-
son and Uonel Riehle narrate 
this trip down memory lane. 
With a list price of $12, it is the 
best bargain in the stores. 

l!dtMe JlfurpllglYs J?M:hed the pillllCle of.!Uccess - a comedJIaibum and a th/'fJe "..1tIni lunch. 

c.s. Angels are breaking in; U2 just 
keeps on moving up the charts 

Afoot - l.efs Active. This six-
song Ep shows promise for the 
new trio. Catchy pop songs sucll 
as "Every Word Means No" have 
an early 60s flavor and a clean, 
uncluttered rhythm. IRS records 
is touting this band as the next 
"Big Thing," 

BJWlCfBl~ 
With 1984 targeted for their 

breakthrough, the C.s. Angels 
join the ranks rJ new chart 
hopelUb. This four-man combo 
from Willesden, I:ngland, makes 
an Interesting and palatable 
debut with und. 

Already earmarked for 
commercial headway, Land 
opens with three potential 
chart-breakers: "Independence 
Day:' "Will You Stay With Me 
Tonight" and "A World Away." 
The first cut is eerie and 
ethereal, as much a reflection of 
the Angels' Influences 

Assorted Vinyl Report 
Top five Sales 
1. 90123 Yes Atlantic 
2. Uoe Under a Blood Red Sky Ul Island 
l . Rebel Yell Illy Idol Chrysalis 
4. Seven and the ~ Tiger Dura D.... ~pltol 
5. What is But? TIle ~""Ish But rRS 
Up and Comers 
1. D'ya Like Scratch;n ' I'Iak.om l'Id.area Island 
2. Touch furytluaks Import 
3. The Atlantic YeatS Roxy .... AltO 
II, Oregon Oregon W8R 

(Untravot and flock of 
Seagulls) as any 011 the dbc. 

Side two's highlight Is the 
lead track "Island Heart," an 
Interesting Interplay between 
frontman Steve fellows' guitar 
and vocal work and keyboard 1st 
Andy Peake's reserved 
synthesizer. While the songs 
bear no cogent message or 
belief, each track Is listenable 
and e'lloyable. However, despite 
the album's general appeal, the 
C.S. Angels seem typical of the 
Increasing keyboards/guitar 
pop genre, breaking no new 
ground In dther Image or 
sound. 

Despite their Initial 
facelessness, this quartet bears 
promise for success and 
potential for brtakJag type and 
striking new chords with Its 
progression. 

000000000 
After a dynamic break-

through earlier this year, 
Ireland's "whiz kids." U2, follow 
up on their smashing concert 
series with Under. Blood Red 
Sky, a mlni-LP ruorded In 
Boston and Denver, and for West 
Gaman television. 

This Invigorating collection 
opens with "Gloria:' the soaring 
lead cut !'rom 1981'5 October 
album, and the first side devotes 

Itxlf to the band's early days 
(1980-82). One rare find on side 
one is "Party Girl:' one of U2's 
early singles, nat found on any 
studio pressing. Their television 
perfcl'mance of "I Will follow," 
however, loses Its rhythmic 
appeal. becoming muddled and 
slow. 

The following side boasts 
several newer tunes, most 
notably " Sunday Bloody 
Sunday" and "New Year's Day" 
from this year's War J.P. Both 
sound stirring and emotive, 
thanks to the fluent guitar of 
The fAlge and vocalist Bono Vox, 
a born performer and earnest 
songsmith. Bassist Adam 
Clayton and drummer Lany 
Mullen perform with vigor and 
enagy, pacing the second side 
with rhythmk deaterity. 

Anyone who has experienced 
U2 In performance will 
appreciate this eight-song 
collection, and It substitutes 
ably to one who has not. 
Produced by Jimmy iovine, 
Un*r • Blood R«I Skg Is their 
first effort since 1980 not 
produced by studio ace Steve 
Ullywhlte. 

As Bono hlnwelfsaid, his goal 
Is to "excite audiences." With 
this deft opus, the Dublin 
foursome strikes right on 
urget. 

I!I!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Columbia riclllres ~ UCSD University bents !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I!I 
presents 

December 5, Monday, 8:00 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 

In the new chiller, CHRISTINE, 
a '58 Plymouth Fury possesses 
Its owner ( rather than the other 
way around). And the acddents 
which start happening are no 
acddent. 

FREEl • passes at UCSD Box Office 
iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii 45 2 -4559 iiiiiiiiiliiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii!iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii~iiiiiiiiiiiiiii 

4 nlMu December 1. 1983 

A preview of Hollywood's Xmas· gifts 
By CLYlRnE ME 

!'tot to be outdone by other 
merchants, HoUywood Is posed 
and ready to glut the theaters 
with over twenty new Him 
releases this Christmas season. 
lbls time of year has become 
one of the primary Him release 
times for the Industry, second 
only to the summer releases. 
and this time around there aR 
several good films In the blDlch. 

There will be quite a few 
nominations for some of the 
films released this Christmas. 
You can look for Gorkg Part 
Yentl, Scarface and Silkwood In 
the Academy Award line-up next 
spring. If you are easily 
discouraged by the long lines 
around these films, there are 
still quite a few of the better fall 
releases around: The Big Chill 
and The Right Stuff are good 
values for your entertainment 
dollar. Just remember to load 
up on Mann and Paclftc discount 
tickets at the Box otnce before 
vacation. 
Gorky rllk , 

It Is a very rare occurrence for 
a film to surp8!1S the excellence 
of the novel on which It was 
based. CiorIqJ I'aIt Is a superb 
Him, based on the novel by 
Martin cruz SlIIlth of the same 
name. 

almost death to a film at the bol 
oMce. All this pre-publicity will 
also bring in a lot of revenue 
from those parts ofthe audience 
the ratings board Is trying to 
Dl'otect 
CIIrIstIae 

A car has often been 
considered a man's first 
mistress. In the case of 
Christine, this could be taken 
quite literally. Taken from 
advertising "Body by Plymouth, 
Soul by Satan," it is probably 
yet another in a series of slash 
and bum films. Also it is the 
product of Stephen King, whose 
novels have been put to film 
almost as fast as they appear on 
the shelves. 

John carpenter's previous 
directorial talents have 
included Halloween, The fog 
and The Thing. and he has added 
his talents to this film, so It's 
anyone's guess how violent this 
film will get 

There Is a special screening of 
, this film Monday, December 5 In 
Mandeville Auditorium. The Bol 
OfJlce is giving away free passes. 
to the flIm even as you read this 
article. 

Yeatl 
There Is a prayer that was 

once said by the majority of 
Orthodox Jewish men upon 
rising in the morning: they 
would thank God that they were 
not born a woman. 

Though the Jewish faith is not 
singularly guilty of this type of 
sexist attitude, during the 
1900s it was very difficult for 
women of the Jewish faith to 
enter Institutions of higher 
learning. Yentl is the story of 
one young woman who 
disguises herself as a man to 
enter the world that has been 
forbidden to women. 

Three mutl!ated corpses 
found in Gorky Park spur an 
Investigation by Inspector 
Alkady Renko of the Mosoaw 
Militia. Arkady is brilliantly 
portrayed by William Hurt (star 
of Alured StaUs, iJodg IluL 
lye Witnes.s. and The Big ChiU). 
r.ach time I see this actor I am 
amazed that In each case he 
surpasses his previous 
performance. In Gor#tg Parle, 
Hurt tums In a very Impressive 
performance that is gripping 
and so realistic that you believe 
he Is the character In every 
single way: from the beginning 
01 the Him he Is Inspector 
Alkady Renko of the Moscow 
Militia. 

IIoIllIwood'$ hottest couple I'fklceg lIfou. MId IWbra StteisMtd return to the -'C1mI thi$ hoIida!l se&sOn.., 
well 11$ Chrl$llne, a f)¥hotic ""lJIOflth 1'tA'1I, the .r of the Ptfhcoming JoItn CMpenkr /11m 'Christine.' 

Barbara Streisand portrays 
the title role of Yentl: she also 
produced, directed and co-
wrote this feature film, which 
has 'already received a lot of 
attention from critics In New 
York aad l.Qt Angdes and will 
no doubt receive many 
nominations for Strdsand. 

f..qually good performances 
are put forth by the supporting 
cast, which Includes Lee MarvIn 
and, In her American debut, 
Polish actress Joama Pacula. 
heula stam as the heroine Irina, 
who will do anything to 
emigrate from the SovIet Union. 

While various elemera of the 
1lOVe1 have been changed In the 
film, the Him comesacrossasa 
more cohesive and ftuid story. 
Some of the scenes where they 
are riding through the Russian 
countryside are a little too long. 
but It gives the audience the 
feeling of what It is like to drive 
through the Soviet Union. 

SIIbood 
Karen Silkwood died 

mysteriously In a car accident 
on her way to meet a flew York 
Tfme.s reporter to expose the 
nuclear Industry that she 
worked for. It is the subject of a 
new Him staning Meryl StRep 
In the title role. SlIkwoodglve5 
a more Intimate look at the Uk 
of a woman who went against 
the Qlues of the company she 
worked for and went with her 
own convictions. 

ThIs film 15 also the dramatic 
debut of Cher, Though better 
known for her singing talents, 

she is trying to branch out and 
become a IItCft consummate 
performer. Christmas Is 
probably not a good time to 
refease this film, because It 
doesn't deal with a very happy 
topic, but It should be an 
Interesting film to ~. 
Sc:aIfam 

1'IIat ha\'e been my few 
fila that have received the 
type of press about the film 
rating. SUrface, starring AI 
heino, is supposedly one of the 
most violent nlms that has ever 
been made, concerning the 
cocaine Industry In MorUla and 

originally given an X rating. The 
prodUttr and director appealed 
the rating and finally convinced 
the rating board to give It an R 
Instead. 

This is not something new In 
the film industry. Over one 
decacieagoA Clockwork Orange 
received an X rating, and 
viewtts today are amazed that 
this Him was considered so 
violent: today It wold probably 
receive a PG rating. What the X 
rattng means Is that no one 
under 17 will be admitted, and 
considering that Utls Is the bulk 
of the fllm-golng audience, It is 

Yentl also has an excellent 
supporting cast: Mandy PatikJn 
of IUgtim~ and Amy Irving of 
IIoneysuckle Rose. 
Jlllckey's C .......... carol 

If you have younger siblings. 
or nieces or nephews, this would 
be a good bet for the classic G-
rated entertainment that Walt 
Disney has been synonymous for 
In several generations of 
children. So get out your mouse 
ears, dust them off and head 
straight for your nearest 
theater. 

... ------Backstage ProductIonS presents------.. 
Finals Finale Party HaircuHlng Designs 

Saturday, December 10th at the Pub 
6:00 - 10:00 pm 

2 BANDS 
M.eA Recording Artists 
Joey Harris' 

the Speedsters 
plus special guests 

Jack a the Rippers 
featuring Jack Tennyson 

of Incognito Rock81S 

... _______ Admission $3 at the door ------.. 

Haircut 
1st person $10 

2nd person $5 
(conditioning shampoo Perms included) 

Holiday Offer 
BrIng a Friend! 

$28 
--'-long hair extra) 

For Information caH Deslree, 

« 8;R l\OOV~X ) ~:~!£F.i~:ad 
------ -- -----



'Holliday' is . living high 
off the bog in 1983 

By CORn snmms 
Roman Holllday, a young 1be current US tour occupies 

group out of tngland, Is touring much of the members' time, but 
the US for the first time. usually "we like to go out to a 
Wednesday night they stopped pub together," says Dumo. 
at the Del Mar fairgrounds to The name Roman Holliday 
introduce themselves to an was taken from the movie 
audience which knew the group !tarring Gregory Peck and 
only through their one tP and a AudRY Hepburn. It Is a favorite 
c3uple of videos shown on M'IV. of the group, and consequently 

The thousands who packed the name was adopted. 
Bing Crosby Hall received the 1be goal of their lively musk 
group with enthusiastic cheers Is pUR fun. Unlike other groups 
and lively mimicry of the that concern themselves with 
energetic dancing of ste~ political and moral Issues. 
Lambert, the group's lea.. Roman Hollklay writes songs 
vocali~t. "We love small gigs." under the guidelines for fun 
says Jon Dumo. "They are much music. 11tree members write the 
more intimate." songs for the group: Brian 

Suen ,likely IMIs {rom "ngIatd ~ leafn, Amerfan ".uk 1M3 on • "Rom.tn IIoIUd1y." 

Many of those Who came to Bonhomme, Steve Lambert and 
see the Stray cats left asking: Dumo. fach other member Is 
"Who was that other band?" responsible for his own musical 
That other band was a group of arranAel11ents. 
British chaps who according to The group's diverse musical 
Dumo ha~ nothing more than backgrounds have Influenced 
friendship In common. "We all their music In many hard-to-
come from very different distinguish ways. The only clear 
(musical J backgrounds," says Influence Is that of the swing 
Dumo, and also different parts music performed In a British 
of England. club called the Jive Dive and 

witnessed by the group. ThIs Is 
wIleR the sound of Roman 
Holliday took shape, and only a 
year later they aR touring with 
big-name groups. 

Paul McCartney's SOD,-
writing ablUty has Influenced 
Dumo personally. The rest of the 
band members have their own 
Influences , which are 
sometimes utilized and 
sometimes sacriftced for the 
group's cohesive sound. 

UA GLASSHOUSE 
3156 Sports Arena BlVd. 223-25046 

Tickets Will Be On Sale Tomorrow NI9ht At 6:15pm. 
Theetre will be cleared before the Sneek, ..... .., ...... ,. wII 1M IIIowII eftcr tile 'r •• ..,.. 

6 If,.",. December 1, 198.5 

. 

. .' Romu Holliday prefers the 
Ama1can music culture to the 
English. "I Itke the AmerIcan 
lDdustry much better titan the 
BrItIsh Industry," says Dumo. 
'The IIrftIsIIlndusb'y Is far more 
fickle. You can be number one 
one Wftk and then Deftr be 
heard from again. 

"In AmerIca It does take 
longer to get anywhere, but you 
can get yourself established, 
and the AmerIcan public will 

!tand by you." 
Brian Bonhomme, Steve 

Lamba1, Adrian YCI'k, John 
~cott. Simon Cohen. Rob 
Lambert and Jon Dumo play a 
class",. mustc they call "swing 
rock." It Is ~I, like rock, 
yet cIanceabIe, like swing. There 
Is no doubt that If Roman 
Holliday continues to provide 
Its popular SWing music, the 
American public will continue 
to stand by them. ' 

PRO-TYPE 
. 454-6860 

Word Process1rig. Typing; 
Edit1na, Transcribing 

Fast. Irtenary. professional selVlCe, 
Using the IBM SeIec1r1c III and 

Toshiba Word Proc:easor 
LOW STUDENT RATES 
- rerm Papen _ TIJbuIar PIojecta 
- Major Papem - MS Dn:db. FIDaIa 
-n- -DNo'_ 
- ot.erIaUoaa - Camenz IIecIdr ONE DAY SERVICE 
(With advance reservations) 
ON PROJECI'S OF 10 PAGES OR LESS 
. Close to Campuail 
737 PEARL ft., STE 201 

LA JOLLA. 92037 

1'HE F 
I 
R 

I LAS Tt--+-F..l-+-r -
IN 

PREPARATIO 
s 
T 

ACROSS DOW1I 
1 LSAT IVAI I ~MB , GRE PSYCH 
2 CM~T 10 TOEI L 2 \lQE '0 CRE BIO 3 GRf 11 ~SA I 3 ECfMG 11 A~HIEVEMEN T S 
• MCAT 12 P5AI • fLEX 12 NURSING B05 5 DAI 13 \ AT 5 NOB I3 CI'II 
, MAl ,. AU • NPBI , . SPEED RfAD ING 7 PeAl IS M KP 7 NCBI 15 E5L REVIEW 
I O!.M I CLI NS ,. INIRO TO 

LAW ~CHOOl 

San Diego Center 
2180 Garnet Ave., Suite 20 
Pacific Beach 92109 

(619)2~10 
M.L McNuHy, Administrator 

There probably won 't be any 
snow on the ground, but all the 
other sights, sounds, and 
delicious smells of a traditional 
Christmas In Sweden will be 
recreated at the Museum of Man 
during Balboa Park '5 annual 
Christmas on the Prado, friday 
and Saturday, from ~ to 9 pm 
each evening. 

The main floor of the MlI5eum 
will become a Swedish 
marketplace, where bandmack 
SWecUsh ads wUl be shown 
and sold. 

1be celebration will begin 
l'rIday It ~ pm, and the Santa 
lucia procession will be at 7 pm 
both Friday and saturday 
evenings. 

Santa LucIa - the traditional 
s-dllb candlelight JII'C)Ce!SIon 
- begin In Sweden Iboul 100 
)Urs ago and Is stili foIloMd In 
most homes In the country 
today. 

The Museum of Man lsatLW) 
1:1 PrIdo, Balbol fIrk. ,« more 
Information call 23~2001. 

• • • 
A CItIUtm&s CaIOI. san DIego 

Repertory Theatre's annual 
boIld1yamtal ..... will play 
Dumber 8-24 It the CIIIbaJI 
Theaft, FouItb and C Sbma, 
Downtown. 'DIRe Iow-prfced 
pmtews, Decanber 6, 7 and 8 
and 8 pm, will precede the 
opening on December 9. The 
show will run evenJngs at 8 pm 
on December 9, 10, 14-18 and 
20-23. with 2:30 pm matinees 
on December 11, 17.18 and 24. 
The evening performance on 
0Ir1stmas tve will begin at 7 
pm. 

TIckets IR available at all 
Tlckdron locations or at the 
Rep Box 0fIIce, 1620 Sixth 
Avenue at Cedar. 

• • • 

show will be Manual Sean. 
Playground Slap and The 
Trebles. There will be one show 
only on Saturday at 8 pm in 
SDSU's Montezuma Hall. Ticket 
prices are $4 for SDSU st udents 
and $~ for the general public. 

for more information, please 
call 265-6947 or 265-5278. 

••• 

1be !'feat will play l'rldayfrom 
5-7 pm In the TrIton Pub. 

••• 

".,,." Cou"t,l. USA, 
Academy AwarcHrfnnlng best 
documentary . ftlm of 1976. 
screem Wednesday, December 
7, at 7:30 at the La Jolla Museum 
of Contemporary Art. 

General admission Is $,5, for 
students and seniors $2. I'or 
Information call 454-.5541. 

..... 

four AmerIcan sculptors are 
featured In the IJI Jolla Museum 
of Contemporary Art's 
December Video Tapes on 
Contemporary Art series. 

Offered In coqJuncUon with 
the Museum's Joel Shapiro 
sculpture eJhlbltlon, the vkIeo 
tapes Include l7-mlnute to ~~ 
minute Interviews with 
sculptors Robert Irwin, Alice 
Ayock. !'fancy Grossman iWld 
Joel Shapiro. The QpeI aR 
shown on a videO monitor set up 
In the Museum's GaJlerles and 
run continuously and 
uninterrupted dunag MlI5eum 
visiting hours. Decanber 3 
through January I~, 1984. 

The Vkko TapeSIR produced 
by Video Data Bank, a Chicago 
productloil company. Admis-
sion to the Jl'ogram Is free. 
Included In the $2 general 
Museum entrance fee. 

The Museum Is located at 700 
Prospect Street. for program. 
Information call 454-3541. 

• • • 

Sushi Is pleased to present 
composer and lliter-media artist 
Richard Zvonar on. Dec:anber 9, 
10 and IL l'rkIay-Sundayat 8 
pm. Zvonar will praent the 
premla'e d w." of Ute lUnd. 
IVoctllme I and orfgJaai songs. 
A special dbc ....... with the 
artist will follow the Saturday 
evaalng performance. 

'Amahl' comes to La Jolla 

As the international clearing 
house for the art world, New 
York Is the perfect home base 
for the one-man art squad of the 
'lew York City Police 
Department, Robert Volpe. His 
!'few York Investigations haft 
led him to museums and 
galleries throughout the United 
States and ~. 

••• 
The Associated Students 

Cultural Arts Board 01 SDSU 
presents an evening of dance-
compelling ska music with The 
Untouchables. Opening the 

Three's Company and DIncas will begin 
their 10th anniversary !eIIOII with the world 
premiere of Anuhl anti the /Wght Ktlten In 
contempcnry dance on Saturday at 8 pm and 
again OR Sunday, at 2 and 8 pm. All 
performances will be held at SllaIfOOd Hall, 
la Jolla Museum of Contemporary Art. 1beIe 
performances art being co-sponsored by the 
11 Jolla Ton Council aII'Istmas Committee. 

It Is based on the QIan-carto I'IenottI opera 
for television, and the choreography of Amahl 

November 30 - December 4, UCSD / Warren Theatre, 8:00 pm 
acfm .... OD Is 1m 

and the /Ylght Kslten Is a collaboration 
bebKen 'I1uft's Company's artistic directors: 
.leaD 1Isacs, Betzl Roe and Patrlck nollet.1be 
story Is d the crippled boy, Amahl, who after 
otrertng his crutch to the ChrIst Olild as a gift, 
Is mlraculousty cured of his affliction. 

General admission for adults Is $10.50 and 
$~.oo for children under 14 and can be 
ordeRd by mall f'rom Three's Company, .5,5~~ 
FIfth Aft.. San DIego, catlfornla 9210.5. I'or 
mere Into call 296-9523. 

this week i , ,I.' , 

Before 1972, no such art 
squad existed. Volpe, who bad 
been an artist and Clntor 
before his police career began. 
was Bed to SUlftythe need for 
in art Investigation unit In the 
1'fYPD. 

Robert Volpe will lectu~ 
Tbamrlay, December 8, at 700 
pm at Copley AudItorIum ill 
Balboa I'aIk. 

DANCE WITH ,.... 

I 
~7t3Ct. 

, 

December 1, 198.5 II.... 7 



, Thursday 

·" ~ ,. CJ. 
o 

UC Crafts Center, Revelle Campus 
betWeen Bonner Hall and the . 

Student Center. . Friday 10 am - 7 pm 10 am - 6 pm 


