
the be a U SD 
~ool of Law? 

..... UlI with the decision left 
_le~ 

See story on page 7. 



The C11Hnrl1l.1 Publl, 11l!.:r.: ~t 
Rescar.:h Grl)Up l C llPIRG ' h.I'; r.:k.ls.:d 
lIS Auto Silkty issul' "I' GI1PIRG R,'!"IIlS 
The issue Cllnt.lins 1Il1~'nll.H1,'n ,111 
airbags, chtld 5.lkty St"U';, FMd ,lI1d G~t 
recalls and th.: L~l11tln L.I\\,. A15,' 
tncluded is ,I mung 1,1 19t1J """fc" (,it'S 
and a listing nf C\lnSUllll' r r.:s\'urccs. 
Free copie l,f lhe ,1lItll s:lkty issllc ,1l'C' 
available by se ndmg ,1 ~1'1I -addrl'sSt'd 
stamped en\'elnpl' tll CIiPIRG. 1187 
Ulnc. ' lIItc B. S.m DI\:g,) . CA 92111 

• The Lmye rs Alltancc for ~ucle"r 
Alms Comr,)1 (LA:-.lAC) and rhe Student 
Peace Educallon Comllllucc (SPEC) 
tn\'uc ti'ft> public 10 .1 fl'C'e d;lI1ce concen 
featuring the bands :-.l-E- I .md The 
Seventh at the B.1Ckdoor at $.'1n Diego 
ta te Untversity on Frld.1Y. ovember II 

(Veterans Day) at 8 pm. The concert IS 
being presented in cooperauon with the 
Cultural Arts Board of San Diego State 
University. This event is part of the 
national Week of Education on Arms 
Control - "The New Arms Race? or 
New Ways of Thinking?" - which is 
being cosponsored by the major 
national anns comrol groups. 
Information and matenal related to the 
anns control problem Will be presented 
at the concert. 

• Chairman of the UC San Francisco 
Department of Radiology professor 

Ak\,lIldcr M'lrgulis was elected 
preSident 01 the Society of Magnetic 
Res\'nance in Medicine . The Society IS 
the IIlOSt distinguished organization in 
the field 111 the world and has more 
th.1I1 500 mcmbers in the United States, 
),IP,II1 , Canada and Western ·Europe. 
Margulis will serve as second president 
of the society, which was II1corporated 111 
Boston m 1981. 

• U Irville Chancellor Daniel G. 
Aldnch, Jr., announced his il1lent to 
rellre m Jun e. Aldnch mtends to 
increase his current IIlvolvement in 
church and elvte organizations as well 
,I, participate 111 community groups 
~upponing the development of UCI. "I 
move out with enthusiasm ," said 
Aldnch, a 40 )'Car veteran of the UC 
system. He assumed the UC( 
chancellorship in 1962, 

• 
Former UC Santa Barbara professor 

Roben E. Weintraub died of a stroke 
last month at George Washington 
Hospital in WashingtOn, DC. Weintraub, 
who came to UCSB in 1965, had 
"already served on the Money and 
Banking Staff of the House of 
Representatives and had built quite a 
reputation," said UCSB' Economics 
professor and 10ng-tIIne friend , Uad 
Phillips. 

UCSDeja Vu 
1965" , 

The occasion of the 50th anniversa'Y 
of the Bolshevik Revolution in the USSR 
has spread to the UCSD community. On 
Tuesday, November 11 , the Students of 
the Independent Left staged a 
demonstration III celebration of the 
Revolution and led diSCUSSIon in Revelle 
Plaza concemlllg the war III Vietnam, 
industries on campus which contribute 
mate rially to th e war erfon and general 
American domestiC policies. Although 
the general attitude of the people 
present at the demonstration was 
favo rable to the SIL's positions, strong 
argume nts were heard for the war as 
we ll . 

The Plaza was decoraled by the flag 
of lorth Vietnam, pictures of war 
casuallties, and li fes lze photographs of 
Marx and Lemn 

Yesterday anonymous students tore 
up the flag , burned It, and hung the 
remains on trees on the pathway to 
Matthews Campus. Assemblyman John 
Stu ll from the 80th Assembly Distri ct has 
called (or the dismissal of the students 
II1"olved 111 the Tuesday demonstra tion. 
The teach-in , according to IL 
spokesmen, was nOl planned. 

The Young Republicans of UCSD 
have also responded to the SIL's 
demonstra tion. Today, according to its 
pre Ide nt, Rocky Booth , a campaign wlil 
be initiated to place a flagpole III Revelle 
Plaza to ny th e American nag "Funding 
of thiS proJect: Booth sa id yesterday, 
"will be st rictly by Contributions 
Petitions are being circulated stattlng 
today." 

1978 . . . 
Remember when Re\'elle wa> the 

center of aCtIvity at UC D, In fau , the 
only college on campus? Well , probahly 
1101, >IIlCC most students have not hee n 
around for ten rears or more But [0 
Tom hepard , who graduated from 
Reve ll e m 197 1, "the experience of 
gOlllg to UCSD at that li me was 
ulllquely memorable, one 01 the mo,t 
intel1se, powerful penods of my life." 
Shepard reminsced about the "old da~" 
In order [0 pillllt a t learer pKture 111 the 
mlllds of tho>e who can only VIGlriously 
ex penenc.e that peri od 

Shepard s ~lOry began In 1966 when 

he entered Revelle as a freshman . In 
those days,. half of lhe class lived in the 
newly-built Matthews campus (today 
Warren College) dormitories, which 
were quite far from the only cafeteria , 
classrooms,and the other dorms, all on 
ReveUe. "There were only about 1200 
undergraduates, and most of these were 
male," said Shepard. "SoCially, of course. 
this made a big difference in the variety 
and degree of social interaction outside 
classes. But the biggest difference was 
that we had no 'planned' events and 
activities. Whatever happened was 
essentially self·generated , and ( think 
thiS gave us a more mOlivated , energetiC 
approach (O events, rather than playing 
a passive paniclpant role ." 

Shepard recalled the time that the 
students got tOgether and chartered a 
bus ro a roller derby at the San Diego 
Sports Are na ·We had a good time, but 
we didn't mix roo well With the 10 al 
San Diego 'red necks.' In the end we 
were all thrown out for disrupting the 
peace and rowd y behavior." The 
emerglllg political actlVl tes of the period 
were perhaps the most domlllant 
envi ronmental concern of the studenlS. 
"The cafeteri a WilS open to anyone who 
wanted [0 Sit down and bullshil. It was 
the center of acti vit)' , th e hub of the 
Intellectual fervor of the time I used to 
go 111 and listen to professors, TAs and 
actiVists who aniculated the pressures 
surroundmg us all : recalled Shepard. "It 
was an intense, IIlterpersonal 
environment - a reaU y powerful 
learnl ng expenence." 

'The events changed me as well as 
c"e rybody else . The war outSide was 
constantl), impinglllg on our Illternal 
envi ronment - It was il tlnw lor ~elf­
examln<ltion and value adJu>tlllents For 
man)" those years were the mos t 
traumatic. Insecure and desperate years 
of thclr li ves " Shepard illustra ted this 
pOi nt hy descnblllg a fnghtl'l1Ing rulllor 
that was circulating on campus about 
PreSident Johnson's plans to c,\I1cel the 
Presidentlill elec ti lll1 In 1968. 

"We were •• netted by ,I wholl y 
di Irerent se t of 1111 p C riI tl ws, With a 
feeling th ,u the world was a cnlH.:al 
tumtng p Ol/ll There \\a > no wa)' of 
e>taplllg the prcssures, ' he >a ld 

- Christopher Canole 

AS Forum 
Since (971 UCSD has had five different forms of student government. Because 

ot political graft and lack of consensus among divcrgent political factions , 
confrontations in years past were resolved by the dissoluuon of student 
governments by both students and faculty . In the Spnng of (977, ))% of the 
student body voted to establish the Associated Students as thc central student 
government, The Guardian had an opportunity to meet with Leitner last week 
while he reflected on his presidentialtenn and discussed his present activities. 
Gilardian: What kind of obStacles or problems did you have to overcome in 
creating, cssentially, a new campus student government? 
Leimer. ince it was thc first admil1lstration it attracted egomal1l<lcs, real 
opporrul1lsts . .. . What did I face? The first week Mark Sindler I Leimer's vice 
president] was holdlllg secret meenngs {Q overthrow the government whkh hc's 
acknowledged , andJim Lofgren I present UC lobby anncx dlrectorl attended the 
first mectlng, so you can ask hIm to verify that story. 
Gilardian: What type of power structure did you attempt to construct? 
Leimer. What I was tryll1g ot do was to build a relationship with the 
admll1lstranon , and I admit it. The Co-op government was before us; we had no 
power. Right before me was a Marxist-Leninist government. Marco Limandre 
founded tt. Marco advised me on how to get elected People think he IS a 
communi~t. The reality is that he got fed up with the Co-op because aU the money 
was going to Marxist groups in Ocean Beach, Marco said, "Screw these guys; they 
are not helpIng students." 

I really tried to centralize power for students, ( felt the coUege system was not a 
viable force. There was no continuity, no history, What (did was to bring back the 
[Herbert] Marcuse burn-outs. I got the Co-op people to talk to us, Bur what I was 
up against - Jon Bekken. Jon Bekken was a Co-op guy who was elected 
commissioner of public relations who was against our forum of government and 
who was against me ... : My academic affairs commissioner was having an affair 

with a professor. My external affairs commissioner, Bob Deapeau, his first quore 
in the T riron Times was, when asked why he rented a Monte Carlo on the student 
government budget, "I liked the Bourdeaux red color"! We had no respect, no 
·Iegltimacy. 

They had no concern; they did not understand how long it would take to 
overcome what failed the AS in the first place, Power was what we were strlvmg 
lor, <md to do that was to build relationships within my administration. Students 
were prctty happy once we got beer on campus. 
Gilardian: In the face of all these structural and admmistration problems, what 
were some of your governmental accomphshmen;s? You mentioned beer on 
c,Impus. Was that the start of TGs? 
Leimer. We had kegs every Friday. That was the beginning of TGs. And it was 
funn)" because the Alcoholic Beverage CommiSSion was there every Friday 
wondering what we were domg. We had thiS guy checking IDs who had an eye 
problem. He couldn't even read 1 he whole thlllg was a Joke . 

I thought it was Important to create an agency th ,)t would provide gmnts for 
Indcpendcnt projects, so we creared SCURI. It was nor iltembly novel idea. II was 
tililored after Berkeley's program called SCARRY orsomethmgbut it was cifective. 
Although it took two years to get going, we staned the pub. Let's sec .... We 
c[l',lted iI Grade Evaluations Comminee th.1t I think has evolved IIUO the 
commissioner of student welfare . 
Gilardian: What hav ... you been doing since gmduatlllg from UCSD? 
Leimer. Alter I finished graduate school back East [Yale Management Program I I 
continued working ilt a non -profit organization that operates out ofWashmgton 
which promotes educiltlonal progmms on technology and society. When I was in 
student government I did not leel students were n:ally concerned with the socl<ll 
implications of the world power they are gom& to have when thcy bewme 
proles> I(lI1,IIs, . .. The ilN cnnlerence was here at UCS() It was ,I Prc'iidcl1li:11 
specl,II proJer.:t promoting thiS confcren ~e . I did not knoll' It would devcit)p Into a 
ceiller and ,I whole national movcmeill. 

We ,m: trylllg to develop gUldclmes, ba~l c premises I'or pure , h,Ilann'd, 
edul ,Hlon Like we had Daniel EUsherg here ro deb.He Ilamld Atklll s 01 Gener,II 
AtoIl1IC, r,Hher than have hlln Just pontificate on the nude.lr d,mgl'rs. And what 
the)' co me up With , both the conservatl\'e est •• hlishml'nt ,md the IIIJl'mls, IS that 
young people arc the only hope when It comes lL) undel st,lIlding and acting 
JudiCIOusly upon the soc ial dimenSions nf tcchnologll:s .. Ithmk the cllInpanles 
th.lt ,Ire m the busmcss or fast tcchnologles h,lVe w think mnre and more about 
not do people undersand how to work a personal computer blll do they 
understand the power, ",Ilue and illlplll,ltlOns of that t)'pe of technology. 

- Seeven R. Friedman 

Novtmi>er 7, 1983 3 
NEWS ",. 

• .' , • • ~ '" ... ~.. ~ ~N ~o>~:. ....... .. .. ,,~ 0::: ",,'. ;..; , ,,', ' ~,. ' N~, 

Private funding and 
student fees key to 
proposed Univ. center 
By STACEY DOSS 

A proposal for construction of a 
UCSD UniverSity Center was presented 
at a recent Graduate Students Council 
meeting by Tom Tucker, Assistant Vice 
Chancellor for Undergraduate Affairs. 
This multi-miUion doUar facility, if 
constructed, wiD provide services, 

activite~ and prodUCIS that will benefit 

Details on the Center should be 
available during spring quaner, at which 
time all students will be able to vote 
either approving or disappr0vll1g 
cons[ruction of the University Center. 

"The UniverSity Center WIll not be a 
place just to shoot billiards or just a 
place to enjoy lunch with faculty of 

The opposition's main concern to the center is the 
great increase of student fees. 
undergraduare and graduare students, 
faculty and staff and the community 
surrounding UCSD, 

The University Center is planned to 
be 10% self-sustainins,although creators 
of the proposal are relying on private 
funding, student fees and possible help 
from the State in order to establish this 
proposed program. 

"The ChanceUor is in the process of 
appointing a program planning 
comminee to explore the possibility of 
constructing a major University Center 
facility," Tucker told the Graduare 
Students Council. 

This commmee, consisting of the 
same number of students as 
administration and faculty, wiU first 
decide whether or not there is in fact a 
need and a desire for such a facility . If 
so, the committee wiD decide specifics 
such as site location, initial funding 
bases and what services, activities, and 
products the Center will provide, 

graduate students but in fact an 
educational process outside the 
classroom: stated Tucker, He has seen 
university centers on other campuses 
across the United Stiues and has 
witnessed the large number of needs 
they fulfill for the campus. The Center, 
if construcred, "will reBect the needs of 
our individual campus." 

Tucker perceives these needs as being 
a multi- purpose type of auditorium for 
concens and other events, graduate 
student office space, commurer lounges, 
browsing and relaxation libraries, food 
services and conference rooms, as weD 
as many other facilities. 

Alumni of UCSD, in talking with 
Tucker abour the possibility of 
implementing a University Center, were 
satisfied with the academic education 
they received bur fdt that UCSD had a 
great need for extracurricular activities, 
cultural facilities and community 

please tllm to page 10 

only one of theSe pens is thi'I 
enOugh to draw the Ine below. 

----) The newest inn(lllation in writing is the Pilot Precise rolling ball pen. It writes extra thin and extra smooth because of its mICro ball and needle· like 
stainless steel collar. A unique pen ) 
at a uniquely affordable .-. .... , _ _ 
price. Only S1.19. '\ 

.""" 

VI<>l'\1r* 
'( .. c, .... 

[PILOT lQ.~cise 
The tOa1g baI pen that tl!IIOlJtb'izes thtJ wrIttI!J 

Available at the Bookstore Hours: 

LJ'C:!:i 1:1 
Mon.-Fri. 8-4:45 

Sat. 10-4 

Police clamp down on 
parking pennit thieves 
By SHARON SOGOMIAN 

Each year between September and 
June approximately 100 parking pennits 
are stolen out of unlocked cars or 
peeled off car bumpers. 

There are many dilferent ways 
parking pennit thefts are being carried 
out, some on a grander scale than 
others. Theives may go out and steal 
several penn its at the beginning of the 
school year and then seD them for a 
relatively smaD amount to unsuspecting 
students who have not bought their own 
yet. Another situation that frequently 
occurs is when two friends scheme 
together, one person buying a pennit 
and then falsely declari ng it lost or 
stolen, then getting a replacement at the 
parking office, either for free if it was 
"stolen" or for the minimal fee of five 
dollars if "lost: 

What most students are not aware of 
IS that roughly 60-70 permit thieves are 

caught for every 100 permits stolen. The 
parking representatives for .the UCSD 
Police Department have a list of aD 
stolen or lost pennits, and while they 
are enforcing parking rules, they are also 
matching the number on [he permit 
with the license number on the car. If 
there is a discrepancy, the fine is 
automaticaUy $35, 

As Bob Jones, head of the detective 
section at the UCSD Police Department, 
states, "The mentality [of the thieves] is 
that the cops can't find the stolen 
permit because there are thousands of 
cars out there." However, when the 
violators are caught and are being 
questioned in Jones' office, their outlook 
is very different. ·We just want people 
to know that the chances or getting 
caught are preny good," says Jones. 

Violators caught with penn its that 
have been lost or stolen cannot be 

please tum to fXIge 10 

•• •••• ••••••••••••••••• •••••••••••• •• ••• •• • 

: COPY COVE 
of La Jolla 

15~ DISCOUNT with this ad a 
UCSD ID. unHI11/30/83. 

• : SpecIalists In ...... reproclucflon. 
iii Xerox copies, reductions, enlargements 
IJ Full color xerox copies 
iii Full binding S91Vice, hard & soft cover 
II Stationers supplies, typing 

Mon.-Fri. 7:30-6:00 : 
701 ~I • . • La Jolla. Comer 01 Draper • ~I Sat. 9:~5:00 : 

with the Latest Education 
from Sasson, Sebastion, & 

Toni & Guy ... 
Let Us Design 

A Style For 
YOU! 

Ask for 
Michael Marlo or Julie 
Because your generous patronage has been 
appreciated, we hOl/e mode our First nme 
Customers Only rate apply to oil uc: students! 
UCSO STUDENT RATE: 
Women, .. $15,00 Reg, $25,00) 
Men ...... ,$12.00 $20,00 

••• •• • ••••••• 

Call for 
Appointment 

3251 Holiday Court 
Suite 201 

(Above St, Germaine's) 



Editorial 

UCSD-Cal Western merger plan demands 
a balanced perspective on cost/benefits 

The question of whether or not UCSD should acquire the Cal 
Western School of Law goes beyond the point made that 
"California already has too many lawyers." What should be of 
paramount concern is whether or not a state-funded university 
should use tax dollars to stan up yet another post-graduate school 
at a time when fees for such schools are on the verge of taking a 
drastic leap upward . It should also be remembered that as recently 
as last year there was talk of shutting down one or two of UC's 
exis ting law schools. 

The ~ctual number of lawyers practicing in California is 
governed by the . California Bar Association. It is in the best 
interests of that body to keep the number of lawyers in the state as 
low as possible in order to prevent market saturation and the 
attendant decrease in the amount a given lawyer can practically 
charge. The result has been predictable: many students graduated 
from California law schools are unable to pass the state bar. These 
students then leave California, finding that they can pass the bar 
exam in other states with relative ease. 

Cal Western's Board of Trustees President Franklin Orfield 

readily admits that 50% of his students study with the intention of 
practicing outside of California. Even under the auspices of UC, it 
is likely that many law students would take a similar tack; the end 
result would be that UC, using state tax revenues, might end up 
training a great many lawyers who practice elsewhere. This could 
not be considered a wise use of state funds. 

Another consideration, however, is the quality of law education 
in California and its availability to low-income students, 
panicularly minorities. UC has an excellent track record in this 
area when compared with other schools in the state. If UCSD 
could raise Cal Western's academic standards and at the same 
time make it more accessable, it would improve the quality of 
California's lawyers while enabling low-income students to attend 

law school. But at what cost? This is wha.t the Senate Finance 
Committee must determine by next year. Its answer will determine 
the quality of state lawyers (and law schools) into the foreseeable 
future . The question of quantity, however, should be left to the Bar 
Association. 

n®frfr®lf~n®frfr®ff~ll®frfr®ff~n®frfr®ff~n®frfr®ff~n®frfr®ff~n<efrfr®ff~n®frfr®ff~ll~llit~ff~ll®frfr<err~ll~frfr~ff 
fr®ff~lettersll®frfr®lf~n®frfr®lf~ll®frfr~ff~n®frfr®ff~n<ellit®lf~ll~ilit®lf~n<efrfr<err~n<efdt<elf~ll<efdt<err~ll<e 
rr~ll~llit®lf~ll®frfr®ff~ll®ilit®lf~n®frfr®Jj~ll®fctt<eIr~ll<ellit<eIr~n®ilit<eIr~n®ttfr<eIrJll<ellit<elr$ll<eilit<elr$ll<ettfr 
n<efrfr®ff~n®W®ff~ll®frfr~rr~n®frfr<elf~ll®frfr<eff~n<.efrfr<err~n<efrfr®lf~ll<efrfr<elfn~llittelf'$n~ilit<eff$n<elRt<effn 
Editor. 

It has come to my attention that there 
is a referendum forming against certain 
papers funded by undergraduate student 
fees. I can only speak for myself, but 
many unaware students would be 
alarmed if they only knew about the 
large sum of their money being spent on 
these papers, which seem 10 haunt the 
entrances of our libraries and corridors 
un read. My letter is not 10 attack the 
political and social leanings of these 
papers, but to show my concern of the 
cost, borne by the majority of students, 
to deliver these misrepresented minority 
views. Too often they substitute 
mudslinging and name-calling for 
rational analysis of today's political and 
SOCIal problems. Also. In spite of the 
mudslingmg, anorhcr reason these 
papers are nor read by the studcnt 
body, is that thcsc papcrs are nor well 
wnnen Because of this, they dlSlOrt rruc 
pollllcal , SOCIal, and ethmc VICWS of 
minonty groups. and Iherefore these 
papers are not respectable pOStS of 
tnformallon . despite confllcllng political 
views. These papers should SlOp gemng 
such exte nSIve funding for such poor 
quality work. I am sure they could 
provide bener quality with a smaller 
budget, since there would be no room 
for waste. 

Even more, I would like 10 mention I 
am a HIspanic-American and Voz 
Fronleriza comes no where near 
representi ng my views, explaining my 
lifestyle, or reflecting my problems. I am 
proud of my background and believe 
these ethnic papers do students, like 
myself. a terrible injustice, si nce they 
misrepresent our life situation . 
Undoubtedly, the authors of these 
papers have suffered a great prejudice 
inflIcted by our society as seen from 
their anti -social outcries. However their 
approach 10 dealing with discnmination 
deters, nOt betters, this problem. At the 
turn of the century many immigrants 
from Europe and the Orient filled thIS 
country at lower-class levels, facing 
worse prejudices than we face IOday. YCt 
they adapted 10 American culture and 
standards SII/I llIailltalnll1g IIlfIr hmlLl~c 
I'm afraid until a racc of clones InhaDlt 
the earth , holding identical likes and 
dIslikes, there WIll always be some 
prejudce betwecn indiViduals. groups, 
and nallons. The challenge of Itfe IS 

this: In order to survive one must adapt 
to what there is to adapt to and stiD 
maintain one's self identity. 

I urge aU concerned students to 
support Tim PickweO's measure to stop 
ill-use of our fees and thereby stop 
misrepresentation of minority views. 

Ann.lisa Aguilar 

Editor. 
For some time now I have been 

involved and affected by the workings 
of the AS. Media Board and its 
treatment of alternative media by its 
Chai rman, Tim Pickwell . Recently, he 
proposed a merger of all the "political 
and ethnic" papers in order to reduce 
the $50.000 media budget by $10,000. 
As an appointee to the Media Board 
and as Co-Ed iror of L'Chayilll , UCSD's 
JeWIsh Student ewspaper, TIm 
PIckwell's proposals appall me, but they 
do nor surpnse me In the leas!. 

Mr. PlckweU has proposed several 
reforms to the alternative medIa 
budgeung shortage which equal hIS 
ludICrous suggestion of consolidation of 
the New Indicator, People 's VOice , 
L'Chayllll , er. a!. At an OClOber 10th 
Media Board meeting open 10 all 
interested students, five people showed 
up - two of the six representatives, two 
students representing the BIrdcage Review 
and the Californ ia Review, and Tim 
Pickwell . 

Lack of quorum brought about by Mr. 
Pickwell's lack of planning and lack of 
enthusiasm allowed Tim to take the 
stage. Without power 10 discourage his 
ideas by vote, I listened to his plan to 
create a typesening service using the 
already over used and ailing machines 
to raise money for repairs. Amazingl 
How can one start a business which 
hires inexperienced AS. typesetters at 
high salaries payed by student funds? 
How can one use typeseners tllat are 
continually breaking down from 
overusage> Tim PIckwell wants 10 

Uist Spri ng the Media Board members 
spent many yours dUring pre-fi nals 
dehberating, standardizing, and 
allocatmg budgets A great deal of 
research and dISCUSSIon was the basis of 
our dcclsions, whIch I though! were fair. 
Whcn T 1m PIckwell proposed our 
budget lO Ih e A S CounCIl, all of the 
Media Boards dehbcnlng was trashed . 
The hlgh -.tnd-mighty A who hJd no 

knowledge of costs and eqUipment 
made up their own bud~t aDocations. 

The referendwn on the Cal!Prnia _ 
R.tvitw was an unfortUnatr political move 
by member of th AS. to control once 
and for aD the student access to 
alternative media on this campus. The 
recent suggeSlion of media 
consolidation by Tim Pickwell is another 
example. The N.l ., Pwplt'S VOict, La VOl, 
Sappho Sptalls and L'd.a>,m have 
absolutely nothing in common except: 
the eqUipment they use and their source 
of funding - THE STUDENTS, no the 
AS. In publishing L'Chayim , our staff 
anempts to print political opintons from 
both ends of the political spectrum. Our 
editorial policies would not be possible 
under Tim PickweU's proposed merger. 
If Mr. Pi ckwell is so anxious to 
consolidate in order 10 save funds , I 
suggest he merge his four meek pages of 
Koala with Sappho Speaks (another four-

pager), or with the California Rcvitw 
(another right-wing publication.) Should 
we let the students decide this time 
Tim? 

Editor: 

Lori IlindfIciKh 
Co-Editor of L'CM,tlft 

Isn't it strange that eve!}' nation 
directly involved in the Grenada 
invasion (except, of course, Cuba) has 
voiced support for the East Caribbean 
and United States attack, yet all orher 
nations have condemned it as an act of 
barbaric gun-boat diplomacy? 

It reminds me of a surgeon who has 
completed a cancer operation: the 
patient is safe, the parents are 
ovetjoyed, but the surgcon is bera ted by 
his peers for using an old and 
dangcrous tcchnique . 

Joseph Stewan 
AMES '8' 

UC:J) Gu-CM'~ 
. Copy Editor 

Editor 
Tim August 

Managing Editor 
James Ralph Papp 

Opinion Editor 
Thomas Rankin 

Associate News Editors 
Mike Greenberg 

Lisa Lapin 
Features Editor 
Chris Young 
Arts Editor 

Andrew Keeler 
Associatr Ans Editor 

John Nee 
Spans Editor 
Jeff Savage 

Photo Editor 
Rich Pecjak 

The UCSD Guardian is published 
Mondays and Thursdays during the 
academic year by students at UCSD, 
Reprod uction or use without 
permission of any portion of this 
newspaper is strictly prohibited. Not 
responsible for unsolicited 
manUSCripts or art. 

Our olTlce IS locared southeast of 
the Revelle ProVOSt ornec on the 
UCSD campus. The Buslncss OITlce 
is open from 9 am to noon and I 
pm 10 5 pm 

Phil Uiuder 
General Manager 

Chris Milke 
Associatr General Managas 

Li nda Lewis 
Valerie McMullin 

Photographers 
Richard Caterina 
Rob Friedenthal 
Mark Johnson 
·David Newell 

IUU51rators 
John Ashlee 

Gamell Fitz-Henley 
Kathy Morrow 

Typesetters 
Anggie Uipid 
Phil Lauder 

Andy Laurence 
Chris Osterwalder 

Production 
Hana Abrams 

lisa Jones 
Vesna Kulasinovic 

Kelley Neal 
The UCSD Guardian 

UCSD,8-016 
La Jolla, California 92093 

(619) 452-3466 

CommentalY-

The Iranian Revolution: Who was it 
that really came out ahead? 

Iran, a count!}' once powerful 
militarily, is viral 10 keeping pnCt in 
the Middle EaSl. Prior to the advent of 
Khomaini and his fanatical followefs, 
Iran was concentrating on importation 
of modem agriculture and techniques 
from the WeSl. Irs economic vitality and 
the level of intellectual development of 
the nation's people had increased 
dramaticaDy under the enlightened 
leadershir which Iran enjoyed, with 
only bric interruptiOns, for almost a 
century. 

Iran is a classic example of how an 
underdeveloped country rich in natural 
and human resources can rake its place 
among the First World. 

Iran gcographicaly shares borders in 
the nonh with the Soviet Union and 
Turkey, and in the south with the Arab 
nations of the P~lSian Gulf. Its 
geographic SituatiOn makes Iran 
strat£gicaDy critical for actual or would-
be foreign invaders. In the past. control 
of Iran has been achievtd by several 
such nations, including England and Ih~ 
Soviet Union. Akhouah their intere515 in 
Iran were almost exclUsively economic, 
neither of them succeedrd in 
diminishing the. basic democratiC ideals 
of the Iranian people. Eventually these 
invaden withdrew when exher inaerests 
combined with the pressure generated 
by a fervemly anti-colonial population 
made prudent such withdrawal. 

" 

I 

Jl 
..., 

.;;: 
" 

..., 
.,., 

r 

" Ei 
:::; 
..:! 

Such an incident happened after 
World War II when the SovielS 
occupied the Nonh Provinces 
(Azarbaijan and Kurdesran), refused to . 
leave, defied the Anglo-American-Soviet 
declaration of December I , 1943, and 
encouraged separatist acrivities in those 
provinces. It was during this time lhat 
the Iran government, panicularly the late 
Shah, decided to improve ilS milita!}' 
capability as an Important vehicle [or 
social mobility and in order to be able ~----------------------------~------------------------~----~~----~~ 
to defend against any intrusion 
including those in the North. 

The Soviets have never completely 
abandoned their designs on Iran or 
their desire to reach their hands' into 
the Persian Gulf. They hope through an 
established and increasingly strong 
Communist Pany in Iran to be the 
dominant mOuence. Separatist activities, 
oncc elimmated by thc Shah's army, 

even today continue and , In fact, are 
more widespread than ever. 

The 1979 tragedy known as the 
Khomaini and Mullahs Revolution , 
bloody and costly, gave hope to 
European nations and the USSR, which 
preferred a weak Iran that they could 
eaSIly domime. The revolullon did nor 
come about without the assIStance -

covert and oven - of these adversary 
nations. 

The Persian citizens were 'duped by 
government propaganda of the BBC and 
Moscow radio, false documentation and 
terrorist activity, into accepting the word 
and the leadership of pro-Khomaini 
radicals. They have lived - some of 
them - to rue that acceptance. 

The revolution was a baD game that 
the Iranian people lost, and the ultimate 
winner has yet to be decided . However, 
meanwhIle there are smiles to the north 
and to the Weg, as the agony continues. 

The awhor, whose family remains in 
IrLln , has requC'~led anonymity to prevent 
po.sible reprisals. 

I-------------~--------------------· : . SPAGHE'IYI'!1 , I 
: ALL YOU CAN EAT! 
: $2.50 
: Mondays: 3:00 pm til close 

r------------------------------
: I UCSD Special : 
I IFREE Pitcher of Beer with any large Pizza: 
: ~ ___________ ~~~~~~ ___________ J 
I 
I 
I 

Open for Breakfast at 9:00 am 
Phone Ahead 452..0661 All Items Available To Go! 



CommentaIY- the media' CO nVlellOn that the public has. a nght to know which cannot be 
abndged. 

The media: Institution under fire 
I do not. sllppon the Reagan 

Administration's ban of the press from 
Grenada. Such an action mises many 
seriOUS and troubling Consti[Utional 
quesllons. The press should be at libeny 
to cove r tbe news freely wherever it may 
occur. I am sympathetic , however, to 
crlncisms of the press for being 
occasionaDy unethical and, In loday's 
highly technological SOCIety, alarmingly 
powerful. It is my finn conVICllon that 
the media mu!>t reexamine and 
restructure its Internal workings, so that 
it can become more responsible. 

. By DAVID M. HIRSCHMAN 
When Ihe US mvaded Grenada last 

wcck I was surpnsed at the weakness of 
the opposition to the deployment of US 
troops. Why wasn'r thc reacrion greater 
and more vlgllam? The public 's apathy 
seemed to be as stubbornly 
noncommitt:ll as ever. But my general 
surpnse turned to pointed shock when 
polls showed the American public to be 
strongly in favor of the Reagan 
Adminlstratlon's refusal to allow the 
press to cover the invaSIOn . Why had 
the American people so callously done 
aVo'll)' with their "nght-to-know" the 
"truth" lI bout the invasion? 

Th-s is a question that docs not lend 

Itsell to the ubiqUitous explanation 
prOVided by the apathy theory. Rather, 
the public reaction against the media 
seems an active neganon of First 
Amendment rights that have long been 
established and frequently invoked . The 
re.lsons for this puzzling about-face will 
nm be found In any abstract SOciologIcal 
theory aboul Ihe nature of public 
opinion III contemporary America, 
instead the characteristics of the press 
itself must be scrutinized . It is my 
contentIOn that today's public scorn is a 
.reaction to the internal problems and 
inconsistenCies of the media as an 
institution. 

Emergency clinics offer quick, low,cost 
medical care. . 

Hospital emergency rooms offer the 
quality and security of a hospital medical staff. 

But now you don't have to choose be, 
tween them. 

Introducing Medistat T ... We're different 
from both emergency clinics and other hospi-
tal emergency rooms ... in some important ways. 

"Ihaes alnPtal 
behiOO~\\eoo. 

Medistat is the 
minor emergency 

service in Mission 
Bay Hospital. In 
fact, the hospital is 
right down the hall. 
An emergency de-
partment physician 
will treat your . 
problem, so you are 

assured of getting excellent medical care. 
And, if it turns out you need a hospital, you're 
already there. 

With emergency clinics, you'd have to go 
to a hospital located somewhere else. 

Simply put , the news mcdia of today 
is a highly compctitive market, so 
competi tive, 111 fact, that reporters 
involved in the "invest igative Journalism" 
which was fir:>t popularized In the 70s 
olten find themselves in adversarial 
roles, each trying to "outscoop" their 
counterpa ns. ConSidering the ferocity of 
the competition that exists <lmong rival 
reporters employed by rival news 
agenCies, it is hardly surprising that 
some newsmen have compromised their 
personal and profeSSional ethics and 
bribed government employees 10 leak 
Illformation. And always their actions 
are "justified: or at least "explained," by 

The consequences 01 a failure on the 
pan of the media to "clean house" are 
frightening. The public would be faced 
wnh a chOice berween the news which 
comes to thcm as either a product of a 
cut -throat and sensational media that 
only lnaintams a very tenuous 
association With empirical truth or an 
Administration-run news service which 
IS singularly unobjectlvc in outlook. In 
either case we all would stand to lose a 
great deal. 

Because that's when minor emergencies 
happen. Just walk in anytime, without 

t·
'.,£ "~.' '. an appointment. You'll be treated promptly and courteously at Medistat. 1~ ... ~ 

" ~ .... 

"fu'llalso be treiied\Wll~~ l1ll. '. . , -~L ~ . 
When payment is made by cash, 

check or major credit card at time of service, 
charge are comparable to those you'd pay at 
an emergency clinic. But at Medistat you're 
getting hospital quality medical care. 

So when you have a minor emergency, 
r-------""--,~ think of Medistat at 

t 
N 

, Mission Bay Hos-
pi tal. We.'re the .JoII-~ 
minor emergency 

service with some 
'major differences, 

MeDl~ffi\lJ ™ 
II --voncv _eol.,,-

MiMlun &y Ht"l'itaIJO.30 Bunker Hill St, 
San Diqo, CA 92109 (619) 274·7721 

Cover Sto~ 

UCSD makes a case 
for Cal-Western merger 
By DAVID WOLF 

T he State Senate Finance Commitlee heard the opinions of local educators and members of the San Diego legal community last month on 
the proposed merger of UCSD and the California 
Western School of Law. In the 1W0-and-a-half hour 
hearing the mostly favorable testimony was countered 
by the skepticism of Committee Chairman Alfred 
Alquist, a Democratic senator from San Jose . 

Following speakers who were in favor of the merger, 
AlquiSt asked the hearing if perhaps there were not 100 
many lawyers and law SChools altogether in California. 

"I am of the opinion that we have far tOO many 
lawyers and far too much litigation ," Alquisl said . "Why 
should rhe State of California subSidize students to the 
tunc of $5,000 per year when we reaDy don't need any 
more lawyers?" 

In order to reinforce his point, Alquist produced a 
repon from the Stale Depanment of Finance that said 
that the ratio of lawyers to citizens in the United States 
is 2.6 to 1,000, while III California the ratio is 3.2 to 
1,000. The repon then went on to ask the same 
question as Alquist; that IS, if the lawyers are bei ng 
trained in private law schools such as Cal Western , 
what is the benefit of the state maki ng up for the cost 
of training a lawyer? 

The Finance Committee, which determines 
allocations 10 aU state-funded projects, would be an 
imponanl aUy in Sacramemo if rhe proposal is 
considered . Therefore . much emphasis was placed in 
the testimony on minimizing cost . 
. The assets of Cal Western are substantial, including 

buildings downtown with an estimated value of $8 
milhon to $12 miUion and a libraty of 130,000 
volumes, 82,000 of which have been purchased in the 
last eight years. The school· has a complete faculty , 
with ten tenured professors out of 28. One senalOr 
questioned Judge Franklin B. Orfield, president of the 
Cal Western Board of TruStees. as to why the school 
rates lowest in the state for first-time bar exam 
passage. Orfield poimed out that 50% of the graduates 
intend to practice law in another state, so they are just 
taking the exam to see how they will do. Orfield then 
gave statistics indicating that 90% of the Cal Western 
graduates practice law, and remarked that that is a 
very high percentage for any law school. 

The proposal calls fQr the truStees of Cal Westerm to 
tum the assets of the law school over to the University 
of California "for the betterment of both schools." and 
by so doing fulfill their mandate as trustees. The 
University would then sen the downtown property and 
use the funds to build a law school and library on 
campus. UCSD ChanceDor Richard C. Atkinson 
outlined a plan by which he would bring in renowned 
faculty members from around the country. Atkinson 
said that he intends to make UCSD Law School one of 
the top 20 in the nation. 

Yet the problem kept returning that there are already 
some 38 accredited law schools in the State of 
California, including the four UC law schools at 
Hastings, Boa It , Davis, and UCLA AlqUiSt told the 
hearing that he felt one more law school could be of 
litde benefit to the State. In response to this, San Diego 
auorney DeWitt Higgs, a former UC Regent, testified 

on behalf of the proposal. 
"I will grant you, there are tOO many lawyers: Higgs 

said. "In aU my years as an attorney, however, I can tell you that there are not too many good lawyers. A 
University of California law school would turn out 
good lawyers." 

Higgs wem on to point out that the University 
intends to reduce the s ize of the law sc hool's classes. 
Cal Western now has 700 law studems per year, but as 
the UCSD Law School it would .have only 500 per year. 
Therefore, the argument against more lawyers does not 
apply in this case. 

In terms of the benefits that would be afforded the 
State if thiS law school were to merge with UCSD, 
Higgs gave examples of such things as a law of the sea 
conference conducted in conjunction with the Scripps 
Institute; international law with the assistance of the 
Cemer for US-MeXican Relations and the new Glldred 
Institute; and the imponant field of medical law, 
crucial in such forms as probate, personal injury , and 
malpractice law with the UCSD Medical School. Higgs 
said that such imponant and unique opportunities 
should not be overlooked. 

Novtmm 7, 1983 7 
NEWS 

The Committee then heard from :Attorney Paul A. 
Peterson , who gave a repon showing how imponanl a 
UC law school would be to southern California, which 
has the greater pan of the population of the State yet 
has only one UC law school (UCLA) compared to 
northern California's three. Peterson said that he had 
been chairman of the California Bar Association's 
Committee of Bar 'Examiners, and as such had found 
that the UC schools turn out a lawyer who is on the 
average more prepared to take the bar exam than the 
graduates of the other schools in the state. With 
I J .000 students applying last yea r for some 3,000 Spots 
at UC sc hools, the need for another law school was 
apparent to him. 

Alquist again asked why ir is that the UC system 
must foot the biU for more good lawyers. He was 
answered clearly by the testimony of US District Coun 
Judge Earl B. GiUiam. 

''The people who would benefit the most from a 
public law school at UCSD would be the lower and 
middle income students who otherwise would not get 
a chance to go to law school." 

please rum 10 page 10 

HoBday Cookbag 'Vorkslao))s SOFT CONTAO LENSES 
'11." !'oI1\'cu'ks thllt sII1I1 th,' pllfty nUl ulh-IIJ,,· thl' IIICI!'I IIIl'Ulun~hk .. \ a· 
hUlir \\urlish"" li:lltII rillJ,L U wick: \'IlIi.l' ty ufhuth hIlI & \'colcll!CII'Scl CI\ln ' ~';:s 
willl~' lIIuck & ,·,",'11. 1111 ,'rnllllllllill 1t1\'OI°tl;:sslIdIIlS 1'lIh:, < UIMIIlUtu, \\UII 
TOilS & 1I11111~ ' uthn'S wtll 1M: ImMh",·cl. I~l'dl'" "u\'k,,,,,\, hlduck:c1o 

November 12 10·1 pm $9 

exT 
--

Department of Physical Education x4037 

One Hour Service in most cases 
INCLUDES: 
Contact lenses, examination, 
patient training, follow up, 
chemical care kit and fitting. 
IXIINDID WEAR LEHSII 
ONLY"'.OO 

THE CLASSICAL EYE 
La Jolla VlIIegC ~ 

(fnside the Mel; Lower Level) 
8657 Villa La Jolla Drive • Suite 136 

451-7374 



Get Involved! 
Vacancies? Committces still 
require student repreSCnta£lon 
mcluding tudent Reg Fcc. 
Advisory Committee. 
Constitution? AS is startingan 
cvaluative board 10 review & 
recommend a new ccnS[ltuU:1 . 
AS? Needs You & Your Ideas. 
Interested? Apply at the AS 
Offices N contac t Marc 
Boroditsky 452-4450. 

Noone call he turned dowll! 

International Fireside 
Discussion of Life in the Soviet Union 

. '. 
with Dr. Timothy McDaniel, Soc. Dept. 

Tuesday, November 8 at 7:30 pm. 
Free Refreshments. Free Admission at the 

UCSD International Center (East of Mandeville) 

Looking for Research Money? 
When you want cash for your undergraduate student research project , 

don 't ask for CURl anymore . Ask for Undergraduate Student GRANTS 
located on the second Ooor of the Student Center or ca ll x3917 . 
Congratulations to the Fall 1983 grant recipient: Bart Lipton , Dominique 
Chausse. Michael Davis, Sandra Allen. Jose Tabuena , Karen Anspacher, 
Scott Haven. Carol Hobson , Steven j. Miron , Victoria Bearden and David 
Reutter." 

To All Asian Pacific Students 
The Asian Pacific Student Alliance (APSA) continues its recruiting drive, 

until Nov. 11 Please StOP by our office in the Student Center, Rm 105 
between 9 am and 4:30 pm. Come find OUt about APSA and get on our 
mailing list by filling out an info sheet. We are here to serve you! Any 
questions, call 452-2048 ask for Brad . 

Interested in Presidential Elections? 
The AS. Internship Office has a program for those interested in getting 

involved with the upcoming Presidential Elections. Come find out about 
the Washington D.C. internships . For more information call 452-4689 or 
visit our office located above the I!,ameroom in th e Student Center. 

Jobs for Chemical Engineers 
AICHE - Chemical Engineeri ng presents 'Job Opportun ities for 

Chemical Engineers" Tuesday, Nov. 15 at 6:30 pm in the Revelle Informal 
Lounge. Refreshments. Be prepared to ask questions. 

Attention Outing Club Members 
The Outing Club IS meeting o n Tuesday, November 8 at 6:30 pm in th e 

Rec. Conf Rm. There Will be a mountaineering film festival. Free. Also 
planning for upcoming mps. 

Cruise for a Quarter 
emester at _ ea pre ents a slide show I hursday, I ovember to at 12: 30 pm 

In the International Center. 

Next Week TGIF with 
Burning Sensations 

Friday, November 18 
Interested in AS Programming? Call 452-4450 

COME" .EE. and. 
LERRN 

mo re... about 

KOREAN 
CULTURE 

0" 
at 

CULTU~H MOYlE. 

NOV. 11 , FRID~Y 
TLH t01 .f 

· f~ a.t ur e. l. : 2.,t ""."k.) 
~~ It I (Ie 0 a. , A U I ) 

P Rf. S E ~ n T I 0 tJ 
lit 1:00PM 

U.C.S.D. 

\lIT"o~Vc.."loW TO l(.oltt::'A It~ ~ N~"'O'" 
l'Rol'1 ,.. aRo"!) Pol WT OF VI~ W 

· t- t. ... " .. ~ t.. 2.: I o~ "'; •• 4(.~ 
~~-\"! tflVN, i"L.L-ootJ) - 1!l"~ ~ 

OM£ o~ Ttl.£: t.o"'~ctj "10V 161 '01'1010111' I ~ 
1(0lE.". OE"LS WI '1'I1 IC..OR.E~N C.CH .. I...E6E 
\...1 f £. 

· IIDI1IS'>IO" : FREE- -

KD~E~tJ~~ERICA~ )iltPtHS A~soc, of V.c'.~ . D. 

Musician's Club Dance 
The Pandoras * The Odds 
The Answ~ * Noise 292 

Place: the Rec Gym Date: Sat., Nov. 12 
Time: 9 pm Admission: Stud., $2; GA, $3 

What Bird??? 
Rock with the SunGod. If you are interested in being on the 
SunGod Festival Committee please contact Marc Boroditsky at 
452-4450 or apply in the A.S. Office. 

Society for Advancement of Management 
Hal Slater. owner of Advanced Communication Training (ACT) will be 

speaki ng to SAM, Wednesday, November 16 at 7 pm in the Revelle Formal 
Lounge. The topic for discussion is neuro-Iinguistic programming and how 
the understanding of it permits thc traincd communicator to achieve nearly 
and desired outcome. 

Psychology Today has said, in reference to neuro-linguistic programming, 
"The most powerful vehicle for personal and social change in existence -
whether applied in situations involving therapy, business education, law or 
medicine." 

All majors are welcome as well as faculty and all interested persons. For 
more information call 452-4SAM. 

Annex Seeks Prospective Lobbyists 
If you are interested in advocating the rights of women or of minority 

students at the local, state and national level, consider the experience of 
working with the ASUCSD Lobby Annex, the legislative voice of over lO,OOO 
students. Two positions are available: Women's Desk coordinator and 
Third World Desk Coordinator. If you convey your views in a polite and 
diplomatic manner, apply at the AS Office above EDNA Deadline is 
November 16. Apply Today. 

AIAA Meeting 
UCSD's American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics is meeting .. 

again on Thursday, Nov. lO at 6:00 pm in HL 1205. Topics: Space 
Industrialization and cabinet positions. Guest Speaker: Professor James 
Arnold. Refreshments. 

STOP! 
Read the A.S. Bulletin 

YOU A~ INVIT~O TO TAI(( A 

MON{)Il.Y5 I 17: 15 PM 
C ~ANCtLL6i2'S COMPLD, rm' 111-A 

i.,.n ~ ior an ... cih~ t ·,m .. of .,cz.llowship , 
~nt .... ta,"",."t, Slng'"g , and ,n')l9h1 ,,,to ~ 
1X .. !>on~1 rd~h_"',p wtih Jc.f>U~ Ch,-,!.t . 

~d~ 
CAMPUS C~U5M)( fo .. CI-\~\5T 

Vis. Art, Film and Video Artists. . . 
An for Alternative Spaces is sponsoring an Undergraduate Film and 

Video Show at the Pub December 1st! If you would like to have your work 
included in the show, pick up a ·Show Information" form from BJ Barclay, 
Visual Arts Depanment 2nd Ooor, . Mandeville Center. Forms must be 
returned by November 11 at 4:30 pm for work to be eligible for this quarter's 
show. The actual film or video work will be due November 30 at 4:30 pm. 
Von 't MISS Out on this Opportunity'!! 

You worked long hours on your film and video projects, and they aren 't 
doing you any good gathering dust on th,e shelf. Get some feedback! Pick up 
an application form from BJ Now! 

ASUCSD Student Survey 
On Wednesday, Nov . 9, the ASUCSD Lobby Annex will be conducting a 

survey of student concerns. Pollsters will be on Revelle Plaza at noon . 
If you are interested in a paid position as pollster, the job will soon 

become available via the job board on Warren Campus. Obtain the proper 
referral there from the financial services office and apply at the AS office . All 
students are eligivle. 

Pre Law? Interested in Law School? 
If so, get some practical experience working in the new "Student 

Advocate Program." Work on grade appeals. academic dishonesty cases In 
the academic senate . Be a pan of this new program on campus. Call Ken 
Davenport, ASUCSD Student Advocate at 452-4450. 

Machina in the Pub 
EMSSA presents: Professor Mark Machina in the Pub on Thursday, 
November 10 at approXimately 4:30 (a fter the 4 pm EMSSA meeting) Come 
one and all!!! 



10 No'emocr 7, 1983 
NEWS 

•• <.; - ~'~'.+; ."'- ' ".. .;.,: ... ~ -,.': ;s. .~ •• ,~",~.:.",' " ••• ,~ -,. • • , ••• , • ~ ~~ • '.' ",~ '::.' .' x" 

Merger. Permit thefts. • • • 
continued from 7 

Judge Gilliam painted out later that 
the UC system law schools had a 
colleclive student body that was 25% 
minority students, He said thaI this is 
the highest percentage of any law school 
10 the nation . By Ihis figure, another 
125 nllilomy students per year would 
get a han I' to go to law school that 
the), would not otherwtse have. 

• continued from J 
accused of theft outright. because there 
are no witnesses. but they are obviously 
111 posseSSion or Slolen property, which 
constitutes a misdemeanor. They are 
also guilty or knowingly attempting to 
defraud the Umverslty of reqUired 
parking fees. 

The thieves may have to answer to 
criminal charges at the city attorney's 

office or with Sludent Conduct 
Coordinator Nick Aguilar. Aguilar, who 
is in charge or Sludent legal serviees. 
sometimes handles these disciplinary 
actions. lie may send the violators to 
the dean or their college, who wHl 
deCide what aClion must be taken . 
Fines, written reprimands or probalion 
for a quarter arc some examples given 
by Detective Jones. 

As lor support from the communlt)' al 
l'lrg..: . Professor Ben Llzrrow of the 
University of ,Ill Diego law faculty said 
that the . proposal IS roo young as yet for 
USD OITI(I,16 to come OUt in favor 01 it 
or against It However. he did urge that 
the COI~lmittec stud), the plan . lI1c1uding 
such question - a, how m,my of the 
students would be: from the San Diego 
area and whether UCSD should acquire 
an ongOing law school or bUild one of 
ItS own He asked that the senators 
consider the comparative qualities of the 
UC Irville Medical S hool , which was 
acqUIred for the Un iverslt)', and the 

Chigos. whose university has a law 
school , said he was hesitant to support 
the plan at first . but now Ihal he has 
seen some of the pOSSibilities for a 
major law school in the San Diego area, 
he is very much in favor of the measure. 
He cautioned the Stale on the ~ubject of 
Onances, however. suggesting that it 
might be practical for the students to 
repay their costs three ),ears after 
graduating on a paymem basis 111 order 
to relieve rhe taxpa),ers or the cost. 

The meeting over. AlqUist said that he 
\\'.lS not C('rtdlll how hiS fellow 
legislators felt. but SJ ld that he stili wa 
nor c(,ITam that the State needed any 
more lawyers; lime. however. would tell 
lliggs said rhat he felt optimistic aboul 
the possibility of a law school on the 
UCSD campus, ,md thm the lestlmony 
proved that the community would 
benefit from the merger of UCSD and 
Cal Western 

University Center. 
• • 

UCSD Medical hool , which the 
Umverslty built from scratch , as a SOrt 
of parallel for this Situation, 

National University President David 

The merger IS bemg studied ar thiS 
lime by a group appomted by the 
Finance Committee. Results of the study 
should be presented to the Committee 
sometime this spring. and a deciSIOn 
should be reached wilhin a year. 

conti,wed from 3 
involvement, just rhe types of thlllgs Ihe 
University Center plans to provide. 

The Graduate Students CounCil led 
by Chamnan Michael Evans-La)lJlg, was 
nor as posit["e in its response to 
Tucker's University Center proposal. 
:rheir main concern was that lundmg 
for such a facility would greatl), increase 
student fees . The money used for the 
Center could instead be used to 
Improve the condition of existing 
buildings, to constrUCt new ones, or to 
create more offic~ space for graduate 

Presenting High Bias IT and the Ultimate Tape Guarantee. 
Memorex presents High Bias II, a tape so extraordinary, we're going 
to guarantee ,it forever. 

We'll gl!arantee 1if~1ike sound 
Because Permapass;" our unique oxide bonding process,locks each oxide 
particle-each musica.l deta.1l-onto the tape. So music sta.Ys live. 
Not just the 1st plBiY- Or the 1CXX>th. But forever. 
We'll marantee the cassetie. 
Every racet of our ca.ssetre iB engineered to protect 
the tape. Our waved-wafer improves tape-wind 
S1llcone-treated rollers insure smooth, preciBe tape 
aJ.1grunent. Housing is made strong by a design 
unique to Memorex. 

We'll guarantee them forever. 
If you are ever d1Bsa.t1sfted. with MemOI'ex 
High Bi.a.s II, mail us the tape and we'll replace it free. 

studies. 
"Funding questions are way down the 

road because facilities arc not 
ascertained yet," responded Tuck~ r. He 
urged the Council not [0 formulate an 
opinion on the University Center until 
the plannmg committee had gone 
through the process of first dectdmg 
whether or not to aCluaUy build the 
University Center and then the details 
of its construction. "Ir we come to the 
end of thaI process and as a consensus. 
ptople decide that the University 
Center is not appropriate, then it's 
~imple: we don't build it: 

~~UAtfty: ~\.l * 
:PLANTS: 

~ S Revelle S ... ~ Plaza * :A ~lk A: 
~L ONLY! L* 
~E Beautiful Plants E * 

~ Great Prices * 
............ 

COUNCIL TRAVEL 
BUDGET AIRFAAES 

San Frandsco 
Houston 
New York 

London 
Dusseldorf 
Copenhagen 
Stockholm 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Auckland 
Sydney 
Taipei 
Tokyo 

$39ow/$78rt 
$115ow/$23Ort 
$119ow!S339rt 
$339ow/$624rt 
$34Oow/$589rt 
$36Oow/$595rt 
$4100w/$655rt 
$435ow / $699rt 
$365ow / $685rt 

$5300w/ $I060rt 
$605ow / $121 art 

$355ow/$655rt 
$465ow /$639rt 

Bangtok $459ow /$869rt 
Contact 

CIEE/ConDdl TrCJ'l81 
Second Floor. Student Center 

452-0630 

British Cars 
Jaguar. MG. Triumph 

Service 

" 

Spons Car AcceSSOries 
Tops. Clr Covers, ete . 

Pacific I ntemalional AUIO 
I IIH (,.orn,·, AH' 
.n 1'.".11, 11e •• ,h 
274-1920 

Breeding the new American zoo 
By SUSANN COKAl 

T housands of ),ears ago, human beings were completely dependent upon wild anllnals. We ate their nesh . wore their hides. and used their 
bones to make tools; when they starved. we starved , and 
whcn they prospered . so did we . Now, however. the 
situation is reversed ; more and more . Wild animals arc 
coming to rely on people lor preservation. As forests , 
open grasslands, and deserts shrink. becommg adapted 
for human use, the problem of extinction gets urgent, 
and it is up [0 our zoos to save the endangered species. 

"It used to be a recreational place - people like to 
look al the oddities ... Now it's more for conservation 
than recreation ,~ explams Jefr Jouett or the San Diego 
Zoo. Workers feel a dury to the animals; Jouett makes 
the example or the douc langur. a very delicate primate 
being napalmed out of its home in Vietnam and Laos. "I 
feci It'S our responsibility , because Americans brought 
the napalm in." 

In ten or 15 years, Ihe zoos will be filled with 
endangered species. Even such standard stock as 
elephants and giraffes may be only skeletons in a 
museum. The delay caused by years worth of paperwork 
involved in getting exotic animals into Amenca means 
(he animals may never arrive her;e. remaining in their 
homelands until killed for their hides or for sport. So 
inslead of importing, zoo director~ are turning to 
extensive breeding to replenish the world Stock. The 
San Diego Zoo is one of the worfd's foremost in 
breedmg success. 

It is largely due to Ihe Wild Animal Park that the Zoo 
is filled with young. American-bred animals. The rwo 
preserves are run by Ihe same board of lruslees, and 
they have had unprecedented success. The huge 
enclosures of Ihe Park. in which herds roam and mingle 
freely, are especially helprul; lhe males of many species 
are unable to mate if their hormones are not stimulated 
by protecttng some land of their own . One rhinoceros 
spent childless years at Ihe Zoo but has fathered fifty 
babies sll1ce being moved [0 the Wild Animal Park The 
popular California condor hatchlings were produced by 
giving the parents the same freedom. The San Diego 
Zoological Society is also developmg techniques for 
artificial insemination and has established a spertn bank 
for exotic animals. 

The animals are kept in top mating condition by 
carefully controlled diets of table-quality foods that come 
,1S close as possible 10 what they would eat 111 Ihe wild . 
The qu,lntities are enormolls. In a smgle day. the Zoo 
requires 100 pounds of carrots , 1.175 pounds of 
"'Complete Pellet : and 63 pounds of Monkey Chow. The 
food bill is more thun 5 I million per year. 

The well-fed collectton features rarely exhibited koala 
bear;, \Vhich helve a spectal stglllficance for UCSD 
stude nrs. 1 he Lon admllllSIr.1tion stili talks about the 
lime sevenll Koala staffers tried 10 photograph one of 
Ihe beasts wearing a footb"U helmet. The koala refused 
10 coo per,lIe. Ihus strlkll1g a major blow to the wruers, 
who were campaigning to rename UCSD's SpOrts te,lms 
arter the creatures. 

As long as it IS alive. each anllnul is assured or a 
pleasant. clean enclosure, again as similar to its natural 
habitat as possible. The emphaSiS is defmilely on a 
natural selling; one Zoo worker calls cages "'the County 
Jail ror monkeys." 

With aD Ihe breeding and new babies at the Zoo. its's 
easy to (Orget thut anllnals do die. What is done with a 
huge, multi -ton carcass? First , veterinarians perrorm a 
necropsy 10 detertnine Ihe reason fo r the death and to 
see how 10 take better care of the living beasts. and then 
they weigh dnd me.\sure the body. Afterward , they burn 

It It is interesting that the Zoo's big incll1erator is dlso 
used by Ihe County of San Diego to dispose or all dead 
animals found on the street. 

Sell US your car! 

SUN PEIIt»-
. AUTO SALES 

693-1165 or 698-3736 
for 

An imponant aspeel of Ihe zoo is that the plants are 
worth tcn to 15 times as much as the animals. though 

pi ease IU P11 to page 14 

r------------ with this coupon------------i 
I _.. , I 
I I 
I Buy 2 I I I 
I Hambu~e~ f i Get One FREE! &-

(For the same rice or less) 
:il Dai y leT 2:00 an a day Sunday ~ 1 Expires November 15th, 1983. ~ 
i ~&lI·1 a.IUI : 
: 2132 Avenida De La Playa 454-8038 : L ____________ .with this coupon ____________ ~ 

Do You Raft A Good Id .. ? 
CAPPUlETIE ENlERPRISES is 
marketing products related to 
personal grooming. cosmetics 
and apparel. If you have an idea 
in any of these areas and want to 
market it, write us a letter with 
your name. address, telephone 
number and the general 
category of your idea (ex. 
workout clothes). Jfyouridea has 
possibilities. we'D contact you. 
Send letters to: 

R.L GIADSlONE . 
CAPPULE1TE ENTERPRISES 
P.O. BOX 992 
IA HABRA. CA. 90631 



.. 

Student's work takes off 
By MICHAEL PARTOS 

Al henk move over, there 's a new 
author at UCSD Warren College 
sophomore Charles (Chuck) D. Eason 
has recently announed the release of his 
latest book, SlaYIng Afllghl . 

Eason's second vel',ture in publishing, 
the book deals with the trials and 
tribulations of radio controlled (RIC) 
flight. Eason says, "Staying A}light is the 
first book of its type .... I think it will 
really be a big success." 

While Slaying Ajhghl is an informative 
text, it is written in a light, easy to read , 

[ don't usually read the front page 
of the paper or watch the first pan of 
the evening news. The stories seldom 
interest me, because they never really 
affect me . I check the weather repon 
and the spons on TV and read the 
comics and spons 111 the newspaper. 
Those thmgs are much more relevant 
to my interests than U.s. foreign 
poliCies or obscure wars between 
countries on the opposite side of the 
globe. 

Apathy, I suppose , is what you'd 
call it It's nOt that I'm unconcerned 

comic-book type forma!. Eason 
completed all the artwork himself, a task 
that lOok a full six momhs of hard work. 

As a senior in high school Eason gOt 
his first experience in the publishing 
world. He attempted to sell an 
international hobby newsletter through 
advertising m various hobby magazines. 
"Hobby Shopper, my first venture, was a 
real learning experience. I found out the 
value of good prom<?Cion, but due to a 
lack of capital and an over-competitive 

-- Tom Serum --

Running 
from 

the rain 
about other people, but my brain can 
only handle so much. When the 
troubled world remains at a distance, 
[ simply tune it out so I can better 
con entrate on living my own hfe. 

This past week much of that 
changed . News buUetins interrupted 
my fOOlbaU games. Newspapers 
started to come to my door with 
headlines so big that even I could not 
ignore the fact that somewhere there 
were people in serious trouble. 

On Monday 142 marines were 
dead in Lebanon. By Tuesday the 

market the venture was bound 10 fail. 
Though I did lose some money, I gamed 
some valuable knowledge about the 
publishing industry and advertising." 

Eason has kept costs down by acting 
as hiS own edilOr; advertising agent and 
publisher. 

Doing his own publishing, a bold 
undertaking, has allowed Eason total 
control of product layout and marketing. 
"With a fairly small capital outlay we 
hope to cover our costs and generate a 

count had risen to 167. Wednesday 
brought reports that the U.5. had 
invaded Grenada, while the number 
of casualties in Beirut went over 200. 
The chaos increased during the rest 
of the week as troops in Grenada met 
unexpectedly fierce reSistance and 
replacements were sem 10 Lebanon . 

Things were getting out of control . 
Our ever swelling military had finally 
burst, and I wondered if it would 
stop. I felt helpless to do anything 
about it besides watch the news and 
read the paper. 

Even my friends were talking about 
these foreign affairs. Opinions were 
split, though, as to what to do in the 
evenr of an aU-out war. Some said 
they'd be surfing In MeXICO while 
others preferred to get lost in the 
Canadian woods. 

People have always told me that I 
should rake action against the things 
like milttary build-ups and nucler 
weapons which I delinltely oppose. 
They may be right, but I stiU have 
never done anything more activist 

significant profit," said Eason 
Publications financial adviser Robert E. 
Tiefenthaler. "In order 10 succeed in the 
mail order business, the produci muSl 
be priced three 10 four time the 
marginal producllon cost." 
. Eason has been flying RIC planes for 

six years and has "crashed and burned" 
more than once. He plans to start a 
club. 

Press releases concernmg Eason's 
book were sent to various hobby 
magazines this summer, and the book 
should be available in mid November. 
Staying Ajlighl will sell for $2.75 , although 
as a special promotion UCSD students 
will be able 10 get it for $2.50 from 
Eason at PO Box 5316, LaJolla, Ca 
92037. 

than attend a couple of Jackson 
Browne concens. 

The problem is that I don't know 
what to do to improve things. Most 
of the world's problems seem so 
beyond me. !<n0wing the difficulry I 
have in keeping my Ii fe together, I 
can't see how I could offer much 
helpful wisdom into my own world 
with the hope that by perfecting my 
small part I can positively affect the 
bigger picture. 

Sometimes [ think this approach is 
a little caUous. It often seems to be an 
elitist attitude that only a fairly weU-
to-do university student could afford 
to have. 

So far I have remained relatively 
det:1ched from the turmoil of the "real 
world ." As dreadful news continues to 
rain down on me from the media , [ 
become painfully aware that just 
because the light's on in my room, it 
doesn't mean that the sun's shining 
outside. Maybe it's time to do more 
than board up the windows. 

UCSD University Events presents 

ON 10tR fat THE 
JOHN F ICENNEDV CENTER 

THE CRADLE 
WILL ROCK 

The c:elebrated re~ d the IeQendarv "labor opera" 
o~ presented by the WPA FedcraI Project (John 
Houseman. Orson Wells. Howatd de SIva.]ean Rosenthal) In 
ddance dFederal authodtIes, one hot June nlQht In 1937. 

personal appearance by 
Job Boacma 

November 9, WedaelClay, 8:00 p ... 
MaacfevUle AadltorIum 

UCSD Stu. $6.00, GA $12.00 
UCSD FaclStaff, Sr. & other Stu. $9.00 

ncketron & UCSD Box Oftlce: 452-4559 

Cruising 'cross campus in conflict 
By JON PREIMESBERGER 

For the student riding a bike to and 
from class on thiS campus, the pursuit 
of knowledge , in addition to mental and 
financial obsracles, is fraught with very 
real physical ones - the moving and 
immobile masses of UC D. 

Weaving a pattern of sclf-~reservation 
through the walking and loahng pockets 
of students , while eludmg collisions with 
other bik_e~ and skateboarders. the bike 
rider follows a sometimes hazardous 
and hardly ever straight line to learning. 

An)' casual obsclver can sce that 
prohfc[""lIlon of hikes is rampant at 
UC D. Thc great spread of school 
hUlldings among the groves 01 
eucalyptus trces nearly demands a 
student have a bike to get to class on 
time. With a bike there is no worry 
about lack of parkl11g or payment of any 
parking fee . 1 he hike rider zooms 
srraight to class at the COSt of, perhaps, 
a healthy blush of exertion 

For the most part , there is generally 
ample space for bikes to maneuver 
around the walking populace. Some 
students even have taken to walking 
their bikes around campus. ThiS of 
course, defeats the whole purpose of 
having a bike. Smce riding a bike saves 
time getting [Q the next class, the 
student has more time to Imger talking 
with that desirable classmate. 

The conllicts anse during the rush of 
ten minutes between classes, espeCially 
along the Wide, well-worn student route 
from Revelle through Muir 10 Third. At 
peak times, this path of hundreds of 
hurrying students resembles a scurrying 

'line 01 ants. Students hasten along with 
their little backpacks, maybe Slopping 
for a beat to give a shon word 10 a 
friend before being taken up into the 
swift flow again. . 

Just walking this route will increase 
the student', pulse and bream rare, bw. 
bikes also enter into this fray. In order 
to avoid running someone off the 
cemeru, the bike rider communicates 

intent through eye-to-eye contact 
Approachiong oncoming humamty, the 
bike rider muSi scan the eyes.9f each . 
person to ascenain who is going which 
way. The intelligent student will always 
make the first move - going either 

right or left, slOWIng or speeding up. 
This first move prevents any hesitation 
on the opposing person's pan, who, by 
simply doing the opposite, avoids any 

. confrontation. 
Yet now and then there IS that 

• 

Look for 
~MOVIE 

M A (j f\ I I I' t-. 

in an 
. upcoming 

issue 
of your 
college 

news-
paper. 

curious moment when the student on 
the bike steers right JUSt when the 
walkmg studcnt moves rIght. The bike 
will then be cOrrE'Cled left just as the 
walker redi rects left, and on and on and 
on until both attain !lush red face-to-
face SlOpped dead m the center of the 
path embarrassment. 

Another problem for the bike rider IS 
<lpproachmg someone walki ng In the 
same direction as the bike IS travelling. 
The bike rIder solves any difficulties By 
makIng nOIse , as simply coasrmg and 
letting the clickmg gears herald one's 
approach Yet unduly, heanng thiS 
chckity-cli ck quickly co ming down on 
their heels sends VISible yellow fear 
through some students. A few nearly 
jump into the oncoming bike, when 
that is necessry is (ruSt in the 
competence of the nder. 

If this blind-Side approach IS the 
dread of every pedestrian, then the 
dread of every bike rider, which keeps 
him ever alert, is the random element 
- the hulking. prehistorIC shape that 
never yields to anyone , the student who 
darts out into traffic without looking 
and (the ultimate dread,) the 
skateboarder. 

Out in the open , ska teboarders arc 
not a nuisance. But when he mIngles 
with a moving sea of faces, sometimes a 
skatcboarder seems 10 be JUSt a taller 
head. ThiS creates a problem when a 
bike rider takes a skateboarder for Just 
another tall head and does nOt ease up 
accordingly when breaking for the clear. 
[n the open, the tall head reveals his 
true identity as a skateboarder. and both 
bear down mercilessly upon the other. 
An immediate application of breaks 
solves any mishap, but someday .... 

Generally students on bikes are nm 
terrors . squeaking wheels. whipping 
around the \\'31ks and causing books to 
fly. Bike rIders know their 
responSibilities and Will yield 10 the 

please rurn 10 page 14 

Ski in Mammo 
$89 per person 

includes: 
- transportation 

- 3 days, 2 nights 
condo accommodations 

(6 to 10 people per 
condo) 

- shuttle service to 
ski area 

- refreshments on the 
bus going and returning 

DRAPER TRAVEL 
291-8141 

Rent an 
IBM' 

Correctlnl 
S.lectrlo II 
Typewriter 

THINK Call today 
... T!=IFE~W:,:nu~iUii=r..;;5 71-3411 
A DMSION Cf THrNI< 

7668 CloIremont Meso Blvd. 
Son Diego 92111 

HOUI$: Mon-fIt 8:3().5 pm 



.. 

~. 

Cruising 
continued from 13 
slower moving students and the 
handicapped or service vehicles and 
will give the widest berth to the 
professors who hold their grades in the 
balance. 

Besides the supreme convenience 
bike riding is in essence pure ' 

Caruso 
FLO""'- . FLOAT .. 
1.4/ .. ,r"'r L'" e 

&EAUn,.LlL? 

...... 

• •• • 

exhilaration. 11 is the thrill of cruising 
down hills, conquering upgrades and 
sensing a little wildness on the wind. 
And then there are always those 
immortal moments when scanning the 
sweUing wave of faces one connects 
glances with a lovely pair of eyes 
smiling more than recognition. And that 
is a different type of obstacle altogether. 

.. C'H iii I 
,.oJoc.J4I A5 

."" "~or," ''''r 

Zoo breeding 
• • • 

continutd from 11 
estimates are difficult to make. Large 
areas in the Zoo's canyons are planned 
around foli88e, not beasts. In Fern 
Canyon alone there are 500 different 
varieties of orchid . The canyons are 
unique in that their temperatures vary 
according to the exposures and 

by Klier 

... 

~ )r 
. 

plantings, producing moist, temperate 
zones several degrees cooler than the 
main Zoo, The enclosures and 
landscaping around the Zoo make the 
park beautiful and inviting to visitors as 
well as inhabitants. 

Those pleasantly clean enclosures are 
the responsibiliry of Zoo caretakers. 
Though many college students aspire to 
jobs at the Zoo - there are more than 
10,000 applicants for JOO to 400 chiefly 
seasonal pOSitions - they are frequently 
disappointed if lucky enough to get 
them. They aU expect to work with the 
animals and play Brooke Shields, but an 
employee's first aSSignment is sweeping 
the Sidewalk and manning the food 
stands, .And when he or she does get to 
work with the anImaL~, it 's nOl all 
feeding and pelling. "There's a lot of 
poop to scoop." as one worker puts it. 
St ill. a job at one of the world 's finest 
zoos is something to make anyone 
proud. 

$ :, 
J 'I :A ..... A 

Whet~er you're working or ViSiting, 
the ZOO IS enthralling: I love the warm 
smell of animal sweat, etc. There are 
quiet benches on Which to sit and think 
or watch the sailors try to pick up on 
your classmates, which is always 
amusmg until you notice that no one is 
picking. up on you. SttU, the main 
attraction is the animals. and it is 
!mponant to realize that they are not 
JUSt an attraction: they depend on the 
Zoo for the .survival of their species. An 
anImal or bird becomes extinct every 
year, and without sUpport. 11 could soon 
become a species a week. Your 54.95 
admission goes to feed and shelter rare 
and beautiful Wild animals · once we 
relied wholly upon them a~d now they 
need us (an interesting analogy to 
parents could be made here). The Zoo 

Graduates in Engineering. Chemistry 
and Physics 

Quality products are' 
important-yet people 
make the difference at 

Verba1im. 
the leading. world supplier of flexible media products. 

We'll be on campus to tell you how, 
on November 9, 

For further Information contact your College Placement office, 
An EIQUOl opportunity employer 

is open every day from 9 am to 4 pm. 

November 18 
at the 
PU8 
--

• Here II your'. chance to perform your act. 
· Leave application at Unlver.,ty Event. office 

to set performance "me. 
• Deadline. Nov. 11 

-----------._----------Amateur Comedy Application --------
ndme: _________ _ 
phone:_~--_ 

San Diego 3-2 out oj the gate 

Clippers leaving the 
laughter in the past 
By PHIL LAUDER 

A s UCSD's men 's and women's basketball teams prepare to open their 1983-84 season openers 
later this month . another perennial 
collegiate-level club In town has just 
kicked off its season. Or perhaps one 
didn't. 

"Collegiate-level" may have been the 
descnpllon the rest of the NBA 
laughingly applied to the play of the San 
Diego Clippers during lhe past two 
years. However, the laughter and insults 
will stop as the 83-84 versIOn 
establishes itself. San Diego (3-2) 
capped an early three-game win streak 
by shooting down the Sean Ie 
Supersonics 121-97 at the San Diego 
Sports Arena Friday night. Although the 
Nuggets ended the short streak in 
Denver on Saturday, lhese Clippers have 
thus far shown the NBA a new look: 
they've won more than they've lost. 

The new look runs throughout the 
roster as weD. Heading the new arrivals 
list is rookie coach Jim lynman, an 
assistant coach with the Ponland 
TraiJblazers during the paS! two years. 
Greg Keiser and James Donaldson 
replaced Tom Chambers and AI Wood 
on the club via a trade with Seanle. 
Keiser, a forward , was the other half of 
the noted Magic-to-Kelser combination 
that led Michigan State 10 the 1979 
NCAA National Championship over 
uury Bird and Indiana State. Now a 
starter for San Diego, Keiser's career as a 
Sonic was far less dazzling than Magic 
Johnson's as a laker. The other half of 
the deal , Donaldson , is a big and burly 
7 -2 back-up center. His acquisitiqn 
helped make long-time Clipper center 
Swen Nater expendable, and thaI led to 
the next big deal. 

And a big deal it was. Gone was Nater 
and gone before he gol here was 
unSigned tirst-round dratt pIck (Iounh 
selection overall) Byron Scott, both to 
the lakers. In came Eqdie Jordan and 
in came the new star of the show. Norm 
Nixon. It is the Nixon-Bill Walton-Terry 
Cummings nucleus that threatens to 
tum the new Clippers into a real NBA 

- tcam. Indeed. the club may even 

transform itself into a gotJd NBA team -
nght before our very eyes . 

After an abysmal 81 ·82 season which 
featured but a handful of victories. an 
Diego looked to improve for the next 
season afte r dmfting Cummings, guard 
Craig I lodges and (since depalled) 
center/ forward Richard Anderson The 
team also picked up original ClIpper 
Randy Smith while finally gettmg the 
services of Walton , at least on a pan-
time bilsis. 

Thmgs looked good. Then began the 
season. Then began the losing. Except 
for a month-long streak in mid-Season, 
the 82-83 club was as much of a 
disappointment as the previous team. 
The Clippers improved. but nOl by 
much. The best thing to come out of the 
year was the rookic-of-the-year 
performance of Cummings, who 
outshined the rest of a quality group of 
NBA rookies last season. 

The similarities between laS! year's 
preseason hopes and this year's are 
obvious. San Diego is coming off 
another bad year, and has now acqUired 
a "new" star in Nixon. An established 
playmaking guard for the great Laker 
dubs of the past several years, Nixon 
knows what it takes to Win. He is a true 
NBA star - not quite a superstar. but a 
star. 

His position on the Clippers 
alongside two other stars - one a 
former superstar, one a potential new 
one - is vital to the success of this 
team. His acquisition will prove to be a 
good one. Nixon adds experience, 
cohesiveness and pure talent 10 a team 
low on aU three accounts. losing the 
rights to ScOIl was a risk on the part of 
the franchise, but keeping any rookie, 
no matter how highly touted, is also a 
risk. Ask the Denver Broncos. 

O f course. Nixon's age and recent knee trouble in LA make his durability throughout the 
season questionable. The same can ~ 
said for the other two members of ·'the 
nucleus." Cummings has come back 
from hiS late-season heart ailment laS! 

plc(/~ lurn III pug .. 16 

ROBERTSVW 
914 • VW • BMW. AUDI Serv ..... 

German Car Specialists 
All work fully guaranteed. Factory·trained Specialist 
Mon .. Fr~. 8 am • 5:30 pm: Sat. 8 am • 5 pm 

(619) 454·7823 4630 Mission Bay Drive 
(619) 454·3705 (1-5 to Balboa Exit) 
(619) 275·1132 San Diego, CA. 92109 
-------------~----~-----------------UCSDSPECIAL I ' 100/0 OFF 
4 cyl Tune·Up $45 I on all other repairs 
6 cyl Tune-Up $65 I (except for Motor and 
(Not valid with a"y other co"po,,): Transmission Overhaul) 

With This Coupon I (NullJOl/d willi ~"Y 01"'" coupo,,) 
. I W"h Th.s Coupon 

'WVW'W"tII""""fY#Offer Expires November 30, 1983. Ml"""NV\M 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
• I 

Clipper ccnler BIll Wlllton IIIdlIts /tis Clf'I'IWn' pay for ~Ing aiM. Wallon 's an'd~, Norm Nixon 's Imus and 
Ttny Cummings' /ttart orr Itcy Jacturs In San DIqo 's bid jOr rrsptcIDbility this SLoson. 

I~AGOTTA 
BELl II" 
- '69 Mets - '83 Guardian -

The Master Plan has arrived ... 
and with it the need for Guardian sportswriters. 

UCSO's winter quarter offers mass intercollegiate action 
(e.g. swimming, men's basketball, women's basketball), and 
critical analysiS of these teams (in the form of Guardian articles 
only) is welcomed. 

If you are interested in covering a team or just contributing 
insight on the season, call the Guardian at 452-3466. Go fer it. 

NUllO Big s.,.~ Mark~t&. The P06tOffice in UOly~rsityCily,ComerofGo""rnor Dr. QL Regents Rd I 
FLAVORS: ONE FREE TOPPING Chocolato: Raspb.:rry 

Boyscnbo:rry Pralino:'N'Cr~am 
Cho.:olatc Mint Vanilla 
Lemon Str:lwbcr rye ht!<;'SI.'Cak I! 
Strawberry Mocha 
Pumpkin Pl:anut Buttl:r 

if UTe ___ -"I.e_!qUp___ - ...... -.. .......... t---f 
Coconut Blucbcrrychrts«akl: 
Call us for daily flavors: .57-2339 ~~~.-,;.o-;..;.. .. ___ Dr_. _+-__ 

THIS COUPON GOOO FOR ONE FREE SMALL TOPPING 
WITH THE PURCHASE OF ANY YOOURT 

Eapiree New. 14, 1983. Only 2lh Milt!I Away! 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I I Open Mon-Thu lO:3Oam-9:3Opm, Frl-Sat IO:3Oam-10:OOpm, Sun lI:OO.m-9:00prn 
L Wl:'rl: now accl:ptinll application. from UCSD Srudt:nts -. ---------------------------------~ 



LA_LI 
CD'ti. 
CDIIU! 

PRECISION 
HAIRCUTS 

for men -" women 
Wi',. ,Ilia c:o.~ olily. 

Offer expir_ 11/21/83. 

737 Pearl 456-1170 
La Jolla 456-1815 I--.----------------,.---------........ --~----~ $10 PRECISION I PERM $29.50 HAIRCUT I Long Hair Extra. 

~--------------------for mea" women I 
Shampoo, condition, cut. 

(Blowdry not included., 
: MANICURE $5 

Pena in SolidaritY with 
tht ptOp~ of Nkaragua 
An tlltning of culturt 6- danct 

Saturday, November 12 
7:30 p.m .. at the Che Cafe 

Live music by C~ 
$3 donalion 

sponso~d by 
UCSD s.Ivadoran SoIidarll)' Cormnl .... 

The Scene 
of the Rec. 

Just about all that comes to be in 
mllnial aris i:; available at UCSD to 
experience the yin and the yang and 
satisfy your yen for those ans that come 
from the Far East. 

Available through the Rec. Clubs this 
year are Aikido , Aoinagi Karate. 
Shotokan Karate, Combative Ans from 
the Philippines, Shaoiin Kung Fu, 
Preying Mantis Kung Fu, Wing-Chun 
Kung Fu, Taekwondo and Tang Soo Do. 

Each an is unique although some of 
them may share some similar Corms. 
Manial ans stress the unity between 
mind, body and spirit and are a great 
way to learn body control and keep 
oneself in condition. 

If you are confused as to which 
manial an might be best suited to your 
needs, simply stop by and observe these 
clubs In action. Each dub has students 
with a £ull range of abilities and can be 
joined at any time throughout the . 
school year. 

Clippers 
continued from 15 
year, and - although Slill taking 
medication - appears to have left his 
health problems behind. And then there 
is the taU redhead, who is undoubtedly 
very tired of being caDed a tall redhead. 
Walton's frame sums solid now, but his 
erratic schedule and that ever-present 
fear factor help add confusion to the 
Clipper story. 

BUI the story so far has been a good 
one. After losing a lethargic opener in 
Ponland without the services of Walton, 
San Diego came home to host the 
Denver Nuggets. A balanced anack of 
Cummings (25 points), Walton (23), 
Nixon (21) and Michael Brooks (18) out 
run-and-gunned the best run-and-gun 
offense in the game, 141-128. 

Then came the Lakers. If the Clippers 
treated every team as they treat the Los 
Angeles Lakers, San Diego would breeze 
10 the NBA title. Nixon scored 25 10 
lead his new team over his old team, 
110-106 before II ,OQO-plus at the Arena. 

The result of Fridays blow-out over 
Seattle was never in question. as the 
Walton -N ixon-Cummings trio led the 
team to a 77% shooting percentage in 
the first period. It was 40-24 after that 
period, 68-41 at the half. and a pretty 
dull contest after that. It was a 121 -97 
trlu"lph over ex-Clippers Chambers and 
Wood and friends, and it was the first 
laugher in recem memory In which the 
Clippers did the laughing. San Diego 
laughed Its way right Into first place in 
the PaCI fic DIVISion for the first time in 
liS flw-year hbtory: And perhaps the 
rest of the NBA Isn't laughing any more. 

Alter awrday's 127-121 loss In a 
rematch at Denvcr, the Clippers stand at 
)-2 and (temporarily) in first place 
With the remainder of a six-game road 
trip kkking off In Washmgton Tuesday, 
~an Diego won't stay in first very long. 
Perhaps they won't lin ish in second 
either, or third , or even founh, 
conSidering the Iillcnt in the division. 
But they are now a n." 11 NBA tcam -
perh.lps. soon. a re,1I good N BA tcam. 

Running Thoughts · 
By MIKE GREENBERG & JEff SAVAGE 
WHAT'S GOING ON HERE DEPT. NFL Commissioner Pete Rozelle just doesn't know 
when to quit. When Raiders owner AI Davis acquired six-time-Patriot Pro-Bowl 
cornerback Mike Haynes in a trade twO weeks ago, Rozelle jumped in the middle and 
voided the deal. RozeUe claimed that the trade was consummated after (by 40 minutes) 
the trading deadline and was therefore invalid. The deadline was commonly held to be 
Tuesday, October 11 , at 4 pm EDT, but the NFL Constitution is vague on this subject, 
describing it as being at 4 pm EDT "on the day following the conclusion of play on the 
sixth week." Technically, play on the sixth week concluded at 12:07 am Tuesday, with 
the end of the Steelers-Bengals Monday night game. Therefore, deals could have been 
made up until Wedncsday at 4 pm, EDT. This rule was wriuen before the advem of 
Monday night football . In a hearing ~cheduled this Thursday, Haynes and the Raiders 
will use this technicality as they should . If the NFL uses the alibi , "Well, they should 
know what wc meant in the rule," why didn't they Simply rewrite the rule to avoid this 
kind of hassle? They have had 14 years since Monday night football began. It IS 
entirely the fault of the NFL management. After Thursday's hearing, the score will read: 
AI DaVIS 2, NFL O. 
THEY ASKED FOR IT DEPT. For years , emil'S of the NFL Cited lack of parity as the 
league's major weakness. Now the NFL has alhicved parity, and It is killing thcm. 
Instead of fleldmg a 101 of powerful and weak clubs, the NFL is saturated with average 
teams - at least thiS year. In the AFC West, only Los Angeles can be labeled a "a good 
ball club: Dcnver, Seattle. Kansas Ciry and an Diego only serve to remind us how 
mediocri ty has crept into the league. In the Central , the Pittsburgh Steelers are the 
superior dub But people around the NFL, in luding Steeler Head Coach Chuck Noll, 
know that this Pittsburgh team docs in no way resemhle the ball club of the mid-70s. 
In the AFC East, only Miami seems to be able to show some consistency. As pathetic 
as the AFC is , the NFC is only a tad better. San FranCISCo should wa lk away With the 
Western DIVision. whtle Dallas and Washington Will fi'ght it out 111 the Ea!>t. As for the 
Central, it rivals the AFC Central as Ihe most laughable in the league. It seems to us 
that it would bc better 10 havc dominant tcalTIs in both leagues, with the young clubs 
(Baltimore, New Orlcans, etc.) making it into the pla)'ofls with inspirational pIa)', not 
by default. 
ON THE AIRWAVES DEPT. KSDO's Sponstalk program airs weeknights from 6-9 pm 
and IS hosted by a guy known as Superfan. His real name is Ed Beiger. a former Los 
Angeles sportstalk host, who is probably the most offensive radio personaliry since 
Jerry Gross was run out of tOwn. Beiger berates ABC Monday Night FootbaU color 
commentator OJ. Simpson every night for his s\lpposed poor use of the English 
language. We have nOl found this to be the case and wonder where Beiger received 
his college degree, since he spews iUiteracy over the airwaves. On a recent show, 
Beiger commented, "Simpson has never had much talent, and in his last few years in 
footbaU, he was out of shape." Ridiculous. Simpson has more talent in his left toenail 
than Bei~er has in his 350 pound body. Who's out of shape? In addition. Beiger is 
repeatedly in error on a number of rules and current issues, bill with a passive San 

Die~ audience. no one calls him on it for fear of disagreeing with the bost, as in the 
following example. .. .-. • 

Beiger: The NFL had no excuse for not having a moment of silence before its 
Monday night telecast after our men died in Beirut the day before ... It is a disgrace, 
and something that Pete RozeUe (commissioner) will live to regret: 
Caller: But I heard Frank Gifford say that there was a moment of silence before the 
game, but ABC was not yet on the air. So the NFL did pay their respects." 

Beiger: I never said that the NFL did not pay their respects. AD 1 said was that there 
is no excuse for not having a moment of silence after our brave men died in Lebanon. 

The epilOmy of contradiction. If Beiger was situated in Chicago or the East Coast, 
he wouldn't last a week. Beiger is taking up valuable air time that could be put to better 
use - like midget wrestling play-by-play. 
THE NEXT QUESTION PLEASE DEPT. Answer to Thursday's question: UCSD has 
captured three national championships in their history. Name them. Answer: men's 
volleyball in 1970, karate in 1971 and women's volleyball in 1,981. Today's qusestion: 
When Wilt Chamberlain scored his record-setting lOO points against the New York 
Knicks In 1962, what Philadelphia teammate (who IS now an NBA coach) was second 
in scoring honors with 17 points and dished out a game high 15 assists? 
THERE'S NO WAY IT COULD BE DEPT. When we spent the past Friday with formcr 
UCSD student and five gold medal winner Enc Heiden , we learned that Heiden never 
would have been a great athlete if it were nO! for track and field Coach Andy Skid. 
While having lunch at the Revelle Dell , Heiden told us that he wasn't going to try out 
for the UCSD track tcam, bccausc he was cut from his high school team. but 
apparently Skid counseled Heiden and encouraged him to try OUI. "Andy told me that 
I had the talent to be a great athlete and an OlympiC hopeful in the event of my 
choice - track and field . cycling or speed skating " As Heiden sank into a 4 inch 
banana. avocado and bean sprout sandwich , he connnued, "That was aU he needed to 
say. because once he told me that he had confidcnce in my talent , my performances 
just took olT." If it wasn 't for Skiefs persistence, Heiden never would have pursued a 
career in athletics. ThiS ycar two current UCSD students supposedly have the 
ingredients to be Olympic material according to Skier. Cross country runner Tom 
Barlow and pole-vaulter Dave Shanberg have both been given the same advice Heiden 
was, but they will be hard pressed to match the five speed skating gold medals that 
Heiden achieved in the 1980 Winter OlympiCS at Lake Placid. 

Tilton truth w<lLh An4Y Skif}. Who WIll be thc IllS next OlympIc (fCIII/em? 

Triton Basketball Is Back 
for another season on KSDT. 

But not without your belp. 
KSDT is In search of reporters, statisticians, elec-

bicians and engineers, to coordinate this year's 
broadcasts beginning November 25th. 

Gain valuable experience while having fun. call 
the KSDT sports deparbnent at 452-3673 for more 
information. 

UCSD Events Office presents 

plus: Selected Shorts 
November 11, Friday, 8 p.m. 

Mandeville Auditorium, $2.00 
UCSD Box Office: 452-4559 ______ _ 

Get two sets of color prints 
for the price of one 

2nd set FREE! 

One set to keep - One set to share. 

12 exposure. 24 'prints $2.47 
15 expo disc. 30 prints $3.69 
·24 exposure. 48 prints $4.47 
36 exposure, 72 prints ... .. $6.77 

(1111. Ill, . I : l~, . ,lilt! I>i,c (",41 Pmcl'ss) 

Another Great Photo Value from 
UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE 
University of California, San Diego 

La Jolla, Ca. 92093 
Computer/ Electronics Department 

Phone: 452·4291 

H_n: 
Monday·F riday 

8:00 am . 4:45 pm 
Saturday 

10:00 am . 4:00 pm 



Student Special 

.. 

Unlimited Classesl 
$8 weekly 

Huff, Puff, 

CONDITIONING© 
PROGRAM OF-

LA· JOLLA 

WORKOUTS THAT WORK 
ANY WAY YOU LOOK AT IT 

Created by Lee Clark e 15 Years Experience in Aerobic Fitness. Conditioning & Resistive Exerc ise e Member Physical Fitness 
Association 
Advisor: JackClarke 30 Years Experience eOwner/FounderofLargest Independe nt Health/Fitness Centers - Over 300 in U.S. 
e Partner in Richord Simmons Anatomy Asylum e Innovator of Exercise Cla sses for Women. Educational Background in 
Kinesiology. Physiology. Body Building & Nutrition, 

A luxurious workout environment for men a women, Health conditioning workouts that 
rapidly & d rama tically increase circ ulation. strengthen, trim & tone, making you look & feel 
better physically & emotionally. We don't sell memberships. We sell results. Offering over 

50 classes a week. 

7614 Fay Ave., Shingle Lane 
La Jolla 

455·1225 
8849 Villa La Jolla Drive 

La Jolla Village Convenience Ctr. 
~ 457·2557 

c ........ --:J.,- II - ... toO -
............. . .... Ca' .......... ..... 
..... __ II COIllda eel 0 _ . ___ 
..... --.. ____ "_II tt. per toO 01\l0I_, ........... OIICI ta.DD ... tOO _mo", ... 
_. d' ____ .., ... _orlllOlllll_ 
............ __ ......... alIIIO"CI' an . 
.............. "--... --.-......, .............. 
lor MondD(t .,... Pot ........... _ .. call .....a4M. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Gel vou act Iogelher roN to< the 0/1 bOnd conlesl on Nov 
Ie. S!iO "'" prIZe Sign up on Revelle Dean, 011 ex_Ie 
ReoIdInI ()eon$ 011 IIIow th:u Noi. 11 Sponsoored tl\I ~ P 8 
(11/10) 
fWlo An ......,nIng 01 latin Amencon cuffure end dance 7 30 
pm Sat NOv 12 en. Cafe Music tl\I Cocharc:as. (11/7) 
IlCADEMIC INll'RNSHIP PROGRN.1 - placemenl on _ 
CIent conlact/ex>unoeIlng tnctu_ -... or<:! lacuIIV 
acMior One d our bell QWClIIUniIlel I>cr:I>Immedlatetv lor 
_~ • . (11/10) 
ENGINEERI'IG N/D COM'U1BI SCENa SlUCENlS - _ 

~CMlIIabIelorwW.end~allogicon. 
lGIaI end manv _ -"V NCWI fjlEANSHtP 
PIIOGRAM we 0106 ~-A356 (11/8) 
!HE OIAECTOR of the cent. lor COOIIaI_ wi! _ 

-oc...f~ -~. ,uowenc. . TIQI"4POI1'· 
lor ttw -"'oIcaI ElqIt_lCI ~ , __ Nov a. ()' 7pr1'\ 
__ 1rDmaI. ( 11/7) 
Do you r..cI a _ ""'" ICIIOOI7 !hen lOIn .. lor a iii> to 
~ NOv 19. 9 am-9 prI'\ __ ",., $16 at 
-...re .• ~ OllIe». (1NI t:lfIce ~ .......... Ialb .. ) 
"'"'" A DEAlt" ( 11/7) . 
MOOIAAlEO _7 LIIataI aet1170.. L Inman. Dteclor ccs. 
_ ocem'I 1utluIWIoe. hanIpotI • lecJ. ooIogv aI ttw 
mechanical .9- 'II CkJC) mig. an ,,.. Nov 8 aI 6 prI'\ ( ___ )(11/7) 
t.a.InoItI\Ae ~ - Man. 11/" I prI'\ 6ltlfIaorr;;ad ,m 
__ .-moo! ~ ( 11 /10) 

.owtenIIon ~_ Cottege IIudenIII Conw to on informaItIIe 
_~helpYOUwlll1 __ lIONendwl! 
........ '. generot ~ ~ qp.fU£ 
AEGISlRATlON N/D ~ SESSION WIll be held 
ftIckIvNov II fIom9-10amalHll«l2,Manday.Nov 14""'" 
1-2 pm atHll1.aendTcaday.Nov IS"""'9-10InHL 1205 
(11/14) 
MM4MOTH MOLM~ SI(1 TRIP .Ian 1-6. 5166 Son r.tope. 
MIooIICO Dec9-11 $105 Gel Away-Tours 27$-3OJ()o370. (12/1). 

SERVICES 
NIIed a tpl? __ ~. Acaurale. ColI KaIIW 

~76-1277 anvtlme. GuClanteed _ (12/1) 
UNNANlEO _ flEMCNW PERMllNENIlV near C~L La 
.lalla PrI:QuianaI Cent.- Il'15O VIla La Jatta 0. SuiIe 11()(}(; 
Col lor appI 4S3-1O.a (6/7) 
l'j'png/COfT't:lUf_ ..ad PIOC*IInO Term papen. _ 
,.",.. fait. f8OIOi -.. rateo. .a1 -0268. (1 1/ 10) 
TVI9IG - Term papen. fY01UICIipIL _ 11M CoIf. SeIec. 

~ raIeI. Jane 0tdI. 455-0127 (11/10) 
~ gadeol_/type lerm papen. _ Flo Samu.n 
450-1808 Ten yr ""'" (11110) 
fIoeplb oat typing - 011 klndl !iJper 11M IA. CcxrecIIono. 
opeIIIng. nearbV fait MfIIk:e. 0150-1138 (12/1) 
Term papers - _ - dl_atlonl Low rateo. fall service. 
-'VP8 61·0lI60. La J:lIO (6/7) 
Fo,'. experienced Iypl.I. Sludenl .. prof pap ... , Corrt:>ooIIoonIedIIIng Near~, ~732 _ __ 
(12/1 ) 
M'ING - Focully/Sludenl& Qualify """"'- ReaIonobIe rat • . 
q,e.oIso Sandv . .s9-5818 (12/1) 

~ WO'd proceulng, typing. odIIong. ,_King 
I8fIIIceI. 'eport.,r-, mare 44C).8977 Nancy. (11/10) 
Foal accurate. high qualify, same daV service for ~nder 15 
pagoo _ Nea UCSO. Call Fery at lei 452-1393. (11/1.) 

PERSONALS 
A guy named CMo. who boughl planl' firsl _ oIlChooI 
near t>cokIlore _ conlact PIQm again I'm inler_ledl 
582-1J06O (11/7) 
PLM We ore found oul L_ for COde names in future 
meosaga&. (11/7) 
GlRLSI n<E fraternity 8PS,lon clOlS PI ..... I' Cnlppendales 

r~"'" at c~ club mad frf Nov 1 I Two pol8lllOnOl 
!hOwl 8pm end "pm. k .. beVe'0Qe$ ffckels 55 said at 
plazo So keep kl Nov 11 open. III a noghl you """" I wanllo 
miSS (11/10) 
He\! CUlieI FondoutwhOlwedoln the darklLoser InstiluleMlg 
Men 11/14, I pm. 51h Ilocr coni rm - Af'Wi ( 11/7) 
AdJII P<lIIy Cakes. as noce ex - lOOi" as you want your idea or 
mine _ call Marti. 223-5758 (11/10) 

Dove Tavtor - I can leach U abouI lhe ~lcl"'" coefIlclenlln 
PhyslcaI Chemlolry. " hal -v do! appIiCatlOl'\l. LV8 01 
p/'\One me - L VB. (11/7) 
_ Jacoby !he UNDAS bgIwe you but • """," happen 
agaI\ You are formalY.........a. LOIIE L- , • ~ (11/7) 
_fIqIrI X-19, _ me lor kJnCIl7 Tt-._ flylCiUln 
( 11 /7) 

~IX)laI'WeL(MYQJ OurTOM __ who 
ptar "lIE GNIf." can'I taoe LOllI: L loWIaC:e and L ~ 
(11/7) 
Typing )obi wanled Fool -. good .-. Con pick up • 
_. __ MartI, 22W75t. (11/10) 

FOR SALE 
1973 c:waJj pIcIrup ~ _ . ~ "->. MIchelIn 
radIaII. AIn. >llnl 51600 411-6184 (11/10) 
MeN ctoIhIng IlaIp/\ Lou"", PIlla COlVIn K .... _.1Iigt111Y 
wan bIoIore 10 you buy 0iEAPI ..... " coaII 11*11 palls 
_ .. I0000I. coltons ...... Call"" pnceo end c:oppantmenl 
4S9-S232 (11/14) 
1978 fad fairmanl - 2 door hardtop - 4 ~ - am/Im 
,adIo - lew mIIeoge $2195 negoIiOtlIe ColI ....... 569-6282 
_ (11/7) 

McMng nut _ Ooooi< $35. cofIeelabla SIS. bOOIiSheIf S20.1u1 
_~bICII.~$,o."'~$7S.blI<e$46.rig_ 
wtneIIuIoINncatbDOm I0Il S6O. ConI PIllIQ:le 452-2S72 
do! (11/10) 

19t1NN~ Von One.,..". Engone NJI)Iaced' hal mare 
_ .- man __ dulcto -'IY 0WWT>aUIed. 
_ baIteoy 4 ____ Men!.mao: CUI 

bCIINrV" chaInI.II**" 11500c ~. raofrock TIN 
~ etc. Highly _ end ec", .. :wToical $2150 452-
2732 ex 755-9264. (11/10) 
Gao _ a.,... 5100. Work. ft,.. IUQ .... cotl_ 0150-~ 
(11/7) 
v.ET3Ul onIeI IanIiaIVl .rv- IIIIi .-. QnIy IMd IwIoe $71). 
CoIl RIch 462-0410 (11/7) 

WANTED 
remot. """""""" wanled 10 ohare rm In Del Mar condO Pool. jacuui. IaJndry. _ 10 -. cIooe 10 _ ten 
"*"'* 10 OCSO S200 mo UIIII, Inc. COIl Mindy at 411·6330 
( 11/14) 
Wanted. Ex-Genallcs 1.0. lor tutoring 8io 131 goad money 
pcid CoIl 569-7567 8\lenIngo ~ do (11/10) 
er.atille gu~a1II wantec! lor .. iOU' _tng bond -
orfginaIL """"COlI" - _prat LII0483-38n (11/10) 
Wan'., l>oTalic 10 cleOn I"ouIe. caaII ~ laundry end 
11gh11hopping """" 'Imes a _ In old Del Mar ""'" Mull 
""'8 co- end ,eI .. encas ant ,_mod. Coil Phil 456- I 717 
11472 (11/10) 

Crossword - answers on page 16 
ACROSS 
1. Th~ fill her of Israel . often 10 br found on Loncoln 
Cathedral 6. A Protestant seu preval~nt 10 San 

rranClsCo. 1906 " 10'. Three meaningl'iss lttttrs. 
thiS e.my on lhe <r0s5word II. PrepositIon of 
aUlhorshlP, rdlglaus IrJeIS also. no doubt 12. 
A4:companylOg holly on Carol 13. MUSIcal 
mcuphor usro 10 the P>dIms 15. One of V'dfIOOS 
BIblical "ourges the p<'Ople hungered for 18. 
whJl chlldrm mocking bald prophels h.ld to pul 
up with 19. Churrh 01 England (abbr) 22. 
Somnolent, agreeolble IJIld 01 Ihe Old 
Te!>lamenl U . An Inddtnlte arude , Ioke the 
others 10 Ihe paper 2 ... The br""lcd edge where 
iI JOInt IS made on I he he.ld of d bIShop 25. A 
stain on the fIrst four hooks of Ihe New 
Testament 26 Nearly 2000 uf whICh helong 10 
our Lord 27. Mol)' be gIven away by d 
.. ,dow JO. What Bawm used 10 Sit on when 
ndtng ll. Papal .:~commUniCaIlOn , rolled on 10 
s~c,en ,he smell of Ihe populace ll. [)odnle!'s 
prtvolle room 10 his house l ... Someone (smelling 
of Inl'ense) who b,ons Irreligious books 16. The 
Vulg.tIC "" 37. Ancient CIIY of Sumer (he says 
\Mlh vOldl hesll.llon) 39. The forsl wom.n In the 
ilighl before Chnslln.ls .... udden llighl 01 God 
IntO Egypt "2. The pun 10 Ihe prevIous 
clue .... , New Me)(lw (abbr). free clue unrelalCd 
10 reltglon 46. Help. n,. In In.: form of d frull 
drtnk "8.Doclor of Cdnun Law (abbr.) "9. The 
only .... n (fnr<ISI') 51 . V'Sl.Cr.I . offered tn 
\Mmhng Pdlhs 52. [ven .t lhe end 01 
H.III,)w 5" .VocJII\ C Uller.lIRe 55. AI Ihe end of 
prayer 58.Jcwl;h school 59. Kn.lCk lor Blblll':ll 
numlsmatlls 

DOWN 
J. AI Ihe front of some bIShops. all catn.:dmls 2 . 
Wet and ondemed Moslem ruler 3. Travel on a 
Christian pllgramage. hnd the end of trut 
pllgrtmJgc ... Capable. but nOI In Ihe spellmg of 
""n<slS 5. Whose brother I am not lhe keeper 
of 6. As In Lalln 7. Monarchy. one of which IS 
Heaven 8. FIrst woman on lhe roof. overhangmg 
Ihe wall 9. Two addillonal meaningless letters 
(>~'u get whal you pay for) .... Darlo ng home of 
monks 15. Wandertng preacher Wllh siZzhng 
OMory 16. Men on rehglous order (but nOl 
primJles) 17. Name for mhe of Israel (familiar) 
- perfecl eXISlence 19. Throw out the Indian 
SOCIal system 20. Fruit of early Biblical 
clothmg 21 . Teddy Roosevelt (.ilibr.). always 
distinguiShed by beong son,ewhat far afield 25. A 
lot of C.nholoc. 28. Lazy god 29_ Inlaod 
decorJllon un tc!lglous vessels JO. Sin nor open 
10 minors 31 . One does nOl live by II alone. or IS 
even broughl up Ihus 32. Camel Joshed for no! 
ocong able to go through II 3 .. . Container for 
PIlgrim sl,'plc 35. Not one woman on rehglous 
order .18. Egypt"'n sun god (Ir.ldllIOilJI 
clue) 40. A ...,mndJry son 43. SmJII cordes of 
waler found In brOther's eyes 45. MedlterrJntan 
"bnd with noghls in order "7. Middle Easlern 
stream n.omed Jflcr UC5D-connectcd prieS! 
(ClJsslcallanguages) 50. Devil r.lm one OUghl to 
have recelwd a warnong aboul 53. PubliShing 
house which , for 0111 know, does rehglous 
books 5 ... Same "OCII\'e utterdncc (readong 
do .. il) 56 . The person who possesses lhe 
brother 01 "hom I am nOl lhe keeper 57. Llsl 
ofl-lrJck due National Thealre (abbr.) 

... ----------------_ .................................. .--................ ...... .... ....., .... --. ............................................. ----_ ............ ..-.. .. _-_._----------. 

University of California, 
San Diego 

presents a lecture 
UThe First Bible" 

Professor David Noel Freedman 
Director, 

Monday, November 7, 1983 

Program on Studies in Religion, 
University of Michigan 

Author ... Pottery, Poetry and Prophecy 
Editor ... The Anchor Bible 

Biblical Archaeologist 
Bulletin of the American Schools of Oriental Research 
Past President, Society of Biblical Literature 

at 4:30 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 

University of California, San Diego 
La Jolla, California 92093 

Sponsored by the Program in Judaic Studies 
University of California, San Diego 

La Jolla, C ... OO5 



The Weekly Calendar 
Academic Services 
MONDAY-fllllDAY 
... _JIll p-. - SIGI. ¥tern of Intt!faclillt 
Gu~ ald Informal:ion is a colT1>Uter-based program 
c:I career Information deslg1ed to help )'OU clanfy )'OUr 
values and occupational inter~ts. For more informatlOfl. 
come to Career PlannIng & Placement In Career Plarnng 
HlIOSB. 
9100 ~ ..... - Grammar Moses Hotline - A 
grammar hotine phone-In serVICe for help with c:tctlOfl. 
grammar and punctuatlOfl problmls. To reach Grammar 
Moses. call 452-2284 Sponsored ~ O\SIS Writing 
Center. SeMcr _1abIe ttYoughout the quarter. 
... -....0 p-. - OASIS Writng Center olh!rs free 
seMce for all UCSD studer1ts who need ~writing help. 

con~ences on aafts and editing acMce. ~ engage any 
kind ot writing ald any kind ot writing problem. 
Con terence?' are by appointment only. Evening 
appDlntmerlU iIIe now also available in O\SIS ThIrd Place 
at TIlird CoIlege. jFol' the ruM range ot ser\llCes see bale ot 
Fall Sche<1J1e J. Call 452-2284 or corne ~ USB 4010 to 
make an appointment ll1IS service is available ttYoughout 
the quarter. 
.. -....0 p-. - PAl Con~ences - Don't spend 
more time st~ thitn necessaryl Schedule a one-~ 
one PAl jpersonal assistance for learningJ conJerence to 
streamline )'OUr slUdytn9 The con~ences will deal witt1 
)OUr course materials concerns lIlduding reading 
cornprehe/1Sjon, men1OI}' control. lecture notetaking. and 
test preparatJon. as -'I as hOw to manage )'OUr time. 
handle stress. concentrate better. and O\II!I'come 
procrastination. Sponsored ~ the OASIS Rl'ading and 
Study SklIIs Center. In USB 4010. 
h»4tOO ..... - Dr~in Hours. For quick questions 
pertalrllng to Cilleer pIamtng. Job tlJrmnQ, resume 
cntlQUC!IOQ. etc FoI' more Individual attention SIgl-uP or 
call 452-3750. In Cilleer Plarnng HllOSB 
MONDAY 
, ..... 100 _ - The L.anguage Program leIIef I & II -
This OASIS program focuses on the ttlnking skills )'OU 
need to successfully handle the reading and wrltlflQ tasks 
asSigned In )'OUr courses. It IS designed for those who 
want to per1Kt their English language skllls.LP classes are 
taught by reading and writing SpecialiSts and bI~1'9JolI 
M orS. LP IS present ~ the OASIS WrIDng Center and the 
OASIS Rl'adlng Center In USB 4060-B. 
10:00-'1100 .... - On-Campus- Intervlewlng 
Orientation. If you are Interested In the orl-CiIITllUS 
InteMewlng ttls quarter. It IS mandatory that)'OU attend 
one ot these Orientations betore )'OU inteMeW In the 
Revelle Formal lDUnge 
10:»":H _ - Graduate Sd100I AcMSlng. PlalYllng 
on graduate school after UCSD? After )OU attend a 
G raduate AdviSing Semtnar. drop-In at this time and talk 
to an advisor for more SpecifIC or detailed Intormatlon In 
the Student Center Bldg. A. 
11:00 ...... - Resume Writing Workshop Learn 
hOw to write an effectIVe resume Start the process here 
then have your resume critIQued by a Career Planrung & 
Placement advisor A must for on-campus IIlteMeWIng. In 
the Revelle Formal lounge 
1:45-J:JO pm - Mock InteMew SeeIng and hearing 
yourselt on V1deotape can help put the finishing touches 
on InteMew skills. PrereqUISite. Interviewing Skills 
Workshop Call 452-3750 In HlIOSB. 
TUESDAY 
10:00 ...... - How to Cor.centrate At Will - Ever 
II\()nder \My you can't study when )'OU plan to 7 Lack of 
concentration IS one ot the most difficult and persistent 
probiems college students face. This workshop IcI!'ntlties 
the tactors that disrupt learning. and prCMdes prO\len 
technIQUes tor Combatting these problems. Leilln hOw to 
pur out your maximum effort when you want to. 
Sponsored ~ the OASIS Rl'adlng & Study Skills Center. In 
TCHB 141. 
.0100 .. ZIOO ..... - AdmissIOns representatrves from 
Law Sd100Is across the nation Will be availabie to answer 
questlOl1S and Ostnbute applicatIOn materials. FoI' more 
Info call the campus pre-Law adInsor. In the Student 
Center Hu"l>. 
.01»11110 _ - Law/MBA AdvIsing. Law or MBA 
school group adviSing hours for any questions concerning 
the ~11Cat1Ofl process tor I<IIN school or MBA programs. 
see the Pre-Law/Management advisor on an Intormal 
basis. No dpPOtntments necessary. but it IS alMsabie to 
call first at 452-4939. In the Students Center. Bldg. A. 
NocNt-hOO ,... - The French Workshop IS a new 
feature ot the OASIS Language Program. It IS designed 
ITliIInly for students who are writll1g papers or other class 
asSignments In French. Students not WOrking on speci~c 
papers. but who IIIIOUId like to pertKt their writing abtllty 
In French. are also \/IIelcome. The Workshop Will olh!r a 
unique opportunity for students to edit their own papers. 
and seek constructIVe critiCISm from thetr peers. It Will also 
prOVIde darlficatlOfl ot grammar. mechanICS. and sentence 
and paragraph structure. Pre-writing drSCUSSIons. when 
necessary. Will be ronducted in FJ'ench Students may 
attend on regular or occasIOnal basis. accordrng to their 
needs. In USB 4070. 
Z:oo-JrOO pm - The GM jGrammar & MechanlcsJ 
Workshop IS designed for students who would like to 
II\()rk on clanfylng basIC grammatical concepts and 
categones. and applying them In an extenSNe. systematic 
series ot practical exeroses An exerose manual to be 
purchased ~ the student Will be used. All work Will be 
completed In the context ot the workshop Sponsored ~ 
OASIS Language Program In USB 402(}B. 
........ ,... - Interviewing Skills Workshop. Do you 
need help In prepanng for JOb Interviews: Some tiPS on the 
best ways to present your quall~catlOns and whitt kind ot 
Interview questlOflS to expect In the Revelle Formal 
LDunge. 
JJOo-4tOO ,... - Drop-u'radvlSlng In open seSSIOn for 
pre-medrc.al and pre-dental students No appDlntmerrco 
necessary. but It IS alMsable to call first to confirm that the 
sesslOfl an extenSIVe. systematic series ot pracllcal 
exerCises An exerose manual to be purchased ~ the 
student Will be used. All work Will be cof1l'leted In the 
context ot the workshop. Sponsored ~ the OASIS 
Language Program. In USB 3050-B. 
4tOO pili - UCSO legal AsSiStant Program - legal 
asSIStants and Instructor In the UCSD legal assiStant 
certlficate program Will dI~ss career options and 
profesSIOnal trarrllng In the Student Center North Cont. 
Rm. 
WlDNIISDAY 
.... , .... _ - The GM jGrammar & MechillllCSJ 
Workshop IS deslQned for students who would like to 
II\IOI'k on clanfylng basIC grammatical concepts and 
categories. iIIld ~pIyIng them In extensIVe. systematIC 

series of practICal exereses. An exerose manual to be 
purchased toy the student Will be used. AN work WIll be 
co"l>leted In the context of the workshop. Sponsored by 
OASIS Language Program. In USB 3050-B. 
91» .0110 _ - Dr~ln adviSing In open Se5S1Ofl for 
pre-medical and pre-dental students. No apPointment 
necessary. but It IS ilCMsab/e to call first to confirm that the 
SesslOfl WIll be held. In the Student Center. Bldg. A. 452-
4939. 
...... 100 _ - The Language Program level I & II -
TIlis OASIS program focuses on the thinking skllls)'OU 
need to successfully handle the reading and writing tales 
asSIQr1ed In your courses. It is designed for those who 
want to perlKt their EnglISh laroguage skllls. LP classes are 
taug,t by reading and writing specialists and bI~nguaI 
tutors. LP is presented ~ the OASIS Writing Center and 
the O'\SIS Reading Center. In USB 406(}8 
•• 100 _ .... - The SpanIsh WOrkshop is a new 
feature of the (),4.SIS Language Program. It Is designed 
mainly for students who are writing papers or other class 
assignments in Spanish. Students not INOfIang on speCIfic 
papers. but IM10 would like to perfI!ct their writing ability 
In Spansh. are also -"orne. 'The WOrkshop wi. o~ a 
lIliqJe opportunity roc studena to edit their own papers. 
and seek constructJ\lle criticism from their peen. It wi. atso 
prCMde diWificationofgamrnar. rnechiInICs. andsentence 
and paragaph struCture. ~writing di~ssions. when 
neassary. WIll be conclJcted In Spanish. Students may 
attend on regular or occaslOflal basis. according to their 
needs. Sponsored ~ the O'\SIS Language Program. In 
USB 4070. 

~IIOO p-. -A repr~ from First Interstate 
Mortagt ~ WlH be here on c.1II1)US to !JIIIt a 
presentatIOn on .'\M\at Is Mortgage Banking 7" ThIs 
presentation is for iII¥l"f Interested In eIIJlIoring job! in 
the financial inctIstJy. In the Student Cemf North cart. 
Am. 
' ... 2101 p-. - The Cultural Issues Discussion Hour is 
an informat exchangr in which a WIde range of 
Interdisc4>Mn.y topic drawn from di~ent wltural 
contexts wiN be examtned and disWssed. Concepts and 
terminology in modem artlStic and philosophical trends 
WIll be di~ssed and darlfIed. Sponsored ~ the OASIS 
Language Program. In USB 4070. 
2100-.. p-. - GriWate AdvIsIng SemNr. PlannIng 
on griWate scho .... 17 FoI' nformiItion on i!ppIIcabon 
procedures. rtters of r«ornrTll!l'ldiion statement ot 
purposes and admissions critena. attend one ot these 
semIniIIS by signing up at the Student Center. Bldg. A 
452 .... 939 
z.oo-..... p-. - How to Concentrate At l1li11 - Ever 
wonder ~ you can't ~ whrn)'OU plan to7lACk of 
concentratIOn IS one ot the mQSt drtI'icult and persIStent 
problems college students face. ThIs IIIIOriIshop identifies 
the factors that disrupt leillntng. and pr<Mdes prO\len 
teclYllQues tor combiIttIng these problems. Leilln hOw to 
put our )'OUr mal(lmum effort when )'OU want tol 
Sponsored ~ the OASIS Rl'adrng & Study Skills Center In 
the Cont RIll Bldg B. Student Center 
.............. - Frndng the HIdden Job Market ~ 
ot all vacanoes are u~lSed. ThIs workshop WlH teach 
)'OU a w<ty to find out aoout them. In the ~ Formal 
lOunge. 
4IOo-SIOO ..... - "DentiStry as a Career .1nd the Dental 
Program at the Lhl\iersrty ot Nebraska". In the Revelle 
Intorma4 lDUnge. 
ltf~Y 
4100 pili - CalPIRG Internshrp meetlrlg - PosItIOns 
available for Winter quarter Research I\avoc.i!Icy & medra 
work on ISSues Indudrng consumer rights. envtronrnent.1l 
protectIOn & government reform. In the Multi-purpose 
room In Student Center. 

Religious 
Functions 
MONDAY 
Noon - Dr. Robert Goeser ot the GTU at: Berkeley WIll 
speak on luther and the Rl'formatlOn at a faculty 
luncheon. Rsvp 452-2521. In the Student Center North 
Conf. RIll. 
IlOO ..... - Catholic Mass. Sponsored by the Catho~c 
Community at UCSD Monday-Friday. In the Lhlvmlly 
Lutheran CtlJrch. 
7111 ... - ~s Crusade for Christ "Stu~ Break". 
JoWl us each Monday for a great time ot fellowship. 
singing. and Bibie Study in the book of Romans. 
Rl'treshments provl~ - Corne eillly. In the 
Administration COf1llIex III-A 
71. ,... - Billie Study. Sponsored by the (attloUc 
Student Coordinators In Pl 2322. 
_aMY 
.... pili - Student SUpper served by the Lutheran 
Community at UCSD In the Lounge ot the Ull\iersity 
Luther an CtlJrch 
........ - Blbie Study on "Ilhessalonians. .. sponsored 
~ the Lutheran Community at UCSD. In the lDUnge ot the 
Uwerlsty Luther an CtlJrch. 
.0100 p-. - CandlellQht mass. Sponsored ~ the 
Catholic Communrty at UCSD. In the chapel ot U'Wersity 
Lutheran CtlJrch. 
lHUIISDAY 
.... ,... - Student DIflI1er Sponsored ~ the CathOhc 
Student Coordinators. AdmISSIOfl S2. In the Lounge ot the 
UnrverSity lutheran Church. 
7IM "... - CatholiC Student Blbie Study Group. In the 
lDUnge ot lkllVerslty Lutheran CtlJrch. 
IlOO ,... - Film. "\Xhlere Luther Walked. " featuring 
Roland Bainton of Yale. on the day ot Luther's SOOth 
birthday. 
SA~Y 
1100 pm - CatholIC Mass. Sponsored ~ the Cathohc 
Community at UCSD. At the Chapel ot the UllllerJrty 
Lutheran Church. 
SUNDAY 
•• _ - CatholiC Mass. Spol'lSOled ~ the Catholic 
Commurllty at UCSO. In the lklM'l'srty Lutheran CtlJrch 
Chapel 
Il00&.0100 _ - Eprscopal Church Worship SeMce. 
SUnday EuchilllSt and Parish Fellowship Good Samillitan 
Episcopal CtlJrch 
.0100 _ - Film "The lion. the Witch and the 
Waraobe." 5pOnIOred ~ the Lutheran Communrty. open 
to all. In the Fellowshtp Room ot lklM'l'srty Lutheran 
Church. 
.... _ - CatholIC Mass Sponsored ~ the Catholic 
Comrnumy at UCSO. In the lower level. Office ot Rl'/igtous 
AffaIrs. Student Cencer Bldg B. 
••• -.&7 ... p-. - wtheran worship In the Chapel 
at lhversity Lutherill'l Church. 

SIOO .... - CatholIC Mass Sponsored ~ the Catho~c 
commurllty at UCSD.ln the ~sity lutheran Church. 

Organizational 
Meetings 
MONDAY 
SIlO .... - Rl'<)'dlng Coop meeting and dinner. In the 
Che Cafe. 
IlOO .... - UCSD Coed Cycling Team ~ng b" all 
members and iII¥l"f etsr Interested please attendlln HSS 
1138. 
YUaDAY 
........ - The Asiarl Pildftc Student A/IIance IN'SI'I 
ActMties Committee me«s -r Tuesday. Come and plan 
aaMbes. Come and ~ us ycJ4JI idN5. lIepart of N'SA In 
Student Cemf Am. lOS. 
,... ...... - Sud T.Mn/C1ub is NMng a miII'Iditory 
ITItt'tk1g for all people WISting to enter the lXSD Open 
being held on NO\!. 12.1'VPJ member of the dut>wil ~ 
a discount b" all COIU5U It clles Ire paid. lh«e wiN be 
slides and refreshnw!nts. An SAE meeting wi" follow 
difealy afterwards. In Hl 1154. 
........... - SAE will be holding its first general 
meeting ~ fcIIowing the surf meeting In the same 
room. In 1il1l54. 
__ -MY 
...... p-. - Pre-Law Ec1Jcation As.soc. jPl£AJ 
mt«Ing abO\Ie the ~ room at the Student Center. 
... 1 ~ - Oemoc:raa and other progessIIIes: help 
or~ to oust ~iIQiIIl. Come to the g;m s. and 

~H. 
,... ... p-. - Gil}' Men's Support Group: If you are 
9111. bisecuM or QUestJonng ycJ4JI _u*y. please join us 
for this Informal disc:usskn Bring your idN5 for dIsaJssion 
1Dpics. Spor'Isor«I ~ IAGO In lCH8 141. 
,.. .... -1nt1!r-ViIIsIty CPYI5tlill'l FellowshIp: Come and 
join us as \/lie _ "Doors of~' a multl-rneda 
show. lhere WIll be a time of SInging and sharing. 

E~ Is IoWIcorneI Bnng yo.x friends tool At the 
Clouds Rest on Muir. 
ntI.aMY 
... ~ - Attention AlAA memtIers and those 
lf1teresb!d: the meeting t~ wiN fNture Prof . .James 
Arnold and his Ideas on the ccncept of Space 
InciIstrIallzabon CabIn« positions WIll also be disQJ5Sed. 
Rl'/I'eshr'rIern as usual. In Hl 120S. 

~Y 
... ~ - Triton Wargimlng IS gowi~ Corne see 
what has WlfKted us all ~ play mostly fantasy/scl-" 
SIIllUIatIOn,lboard games jnow role-playingl. Come ~ 
relaxatIOn tor)OUrseIf In !\PM 2101. 

Workshops 
TUUDAY 
.0100 _Z ... p-. - Pre-Law Day. Career Planning & 
Placement. In the Student Center 
....... p-. - CiIIT¥lIJS Black Forum- ThIs is an 
lflformal dIsrussIon group centered on issues. concerns 
and the quality ot lite ot the 8/ad( cOl'l1ll'UWty at UCSO. It IS 
an open. ongoing goup. and students canjoln ",time. 
PhIl Raphael and Ilxt1eIIe BastIen. C~ and 
PSychoIogbl ServIces. facilitators. Meets in the Mt. VIew 
Lounge of the ThIrd Col. Apts. Students wt10 would 
IiIce more Info can call ather I'hiI at 452-3035 or RochrIIe 
at 452-3755; otherwi~ lh!y can just show I.f) at the 
meeti'1gs. 

~Y 
.... , .... _ - Rl'-entry Students· Support Group -
This group Is designed for re-enny men and women 

lIldergr~ studMts to haIIe the opponurWI,y to share 
concerns reI<ftd to their transition into the -.ademic 
IM)r/d. The group providft a Will to make CDfUCt wiIh 
other oIdI!r students in a GiIIIng erMrom1l!r1t. Led ~ 
MIriam IosupcMo and Chris Osterloh. Meets at Hl1OO3. 
Students should call B«t.iI at 452-3755. 
.... ... p-. -Alcohol and SUbWrlce ~ SUpport 
Group - For studena who WJ1t help in c2aling with an 
alcohol (X aug use problem. ~ will be on 
understanding the ~ of the problem. ider'Cltying 
optlOl'lS, making a commitment to change. and following 
ttlfough. HomeINork assignments and goup norms wlli 
be established as part of the group's and I~s 
program. 8eIorejoining the group. Interested studMts Ire 
asked to cal 8«ca at 452-3755 to make a short 
appr:lIf1tment WIth one of our c.oun5I!Ion to see if the 
group WIll meet yo.x needs. Led ~ Dan Munoz ot 
Counseling and Psychologic.l/ Selvices. Meets at the 
Revelle PrOllOSt'S otIIce 
........ p-. - Poetty Reading. Wanda CoIen1an. New 
Writing SerIes. In the ~Ie FoI'maI lounge. 
........ - Open Poetty R~ading. (he Cafe. 
TH..sDAY Z.... p-. - RecovI!ring From Eating Disorders 
JRED Group III ThIs group IS designed for studen\'5 who 
have alre~ worked on eat'"9disorders and are cumntIy 
In the process ot gv.ng up the serious Nting problems. 
we WlH focus on orner areas ot IMng while olJering 

s~ tPYough thrs transitional time The group wli abo 
leilln peer r:ounselng tectnques so thlt lh!y can help 
others Wl the ruture. !levHarju and Bob Barrett. faolitiltors. 
Thr goup can be women only. or. men and women. 
depending upon the Interet. The leaders would /Ike to 
talk to praspectM! rneI1'1ben at a short appointment. to 
drtrrll'llne It the group IS appropriate. call !lev or Bob at 
452-3987 to sign up. Meets at Willren College PrOIIOst's 
otIk:e. -'d)' throughout the quartl!r. 
PlllDl'Y 
.... n ... _ - Warren CoIIfgt Problem .SoMng 
CIne - Thts time WI' be us«! for students wt10 WISh to 
caM iihead or stop by for a 15-20 mnutr proOlenrsollllng 
session. In this brief me«ing \/lie will focus on soMng a 
current ISSUe whrch can be anything tom WI1l"OIIing 
concentratIOn or relaxatlOrl, lowI!ring stress. making a 
declSlOfl. sorting out ftllng5. roommate hisseIs. etc. 
Student contacts are prIVate and contidenllal. The time 
WlH st<ty available as long as ther.IS a need or use for It. So. 
<top ~ Offered ~ !lev HarJU. PhD. Counseing and 
PSychoIogK:aI SerVICes. SeMng Willren College Students 
302 Warren Campus. 452-3987. 
• .... .-1 ... pili - Body Connections WOrkshop -
uf\!style management and stress rt<lKt1On through light 
arroblC exercise. nutritional analysis. weight 

ma/ntena1C~. rNxallOfl and seIf-h)'pnosIs will ~ the 
focus of this group. &i praclldng hNIthlII habits 
together. students can deYeIop a comfort WIth thetr boctj 
mage. their weIglt. thrIr ~ of stress and deIIeIop a 
reasonably holistic lifestyle led by IIev H¥Ju. Counseling 
and I's)'choIogicaI Selvices and DI¥Vl Profitt, HNIIh 

E~or. Student Health Sennces. Meets at I4lf)er 
lounge. Studenr Health Sennces. AI the IItst meftlng a 
JI!rie!5 of pre-tests WiH be adrrwlIstered; at the second the 
testing WI. be IInished and the goup will begin 
............. - l'Ierre JorIS. PbI!tJy ~acJng In the 

~ ~maI Lounge. 

Other 
IIIIONIMY 
........... p-. - The reaul!t1g drNe CIlnIin.IeS 
Mon.-Ffi. Slop ~ OIJI otIIce and lind ~ .... N'5A 
Come l1li out an Into she«. For more Into Qllrad 452-
2048. 
_N.MY 
11M _ - Interesced in partiOpIIkIg in the upwning 
preidentIaI elections 1 If so. COIM to the AS nemshIp 
otIIce to ctleck on the \lIashinglan DC Ir1Iernst1ps. we 
hiW inlemships in -r 1Ietd: DImoaalc CofgessionII 
Campaign CommittH. NatioNl WOmen's Party. 
II!pubIican NaionII ComminH and ~ ITIIW The 
c:INdIInt for spring ~ Is .Jan. 27 

~Y 
11M pili. Men's IIVatI!r f'bIo gllMlIS. ~ Matymount 
In the ~ VIew I'00I . 
II ... _ .... - Women's IoOIIe)WII UCSD/Coors 
IrMUtionaI \IoIIe)'baI Tournament Fri. and sa In the 
TriCon~ 
SAn.MY 
II ... _ • Men's water polo girlie \IS US I+Jr Force 
Ac.iIcIfmJ. In CM¥Jn VIew FboI. I'" pili - Men's and \M)men's FencIng me« \IS. UC 
SiII1UI Barbara & Cal ~ of T«t"IloIoW. In the Rec. 
Gym. 

IIIIONIMY 
.... p-. - Lecture ~drs~ biblical scholar. ProI 

~ Noel Freeanan. UW. d MIch/gIn. Tope: "The Rrst 
Billie" All interested iIIe most WI!Icome. In MandI!IIiIe 
J\ud. 
TUalMY 
,.. .... 0tscussI0n d u~ In the S<Met U'lIon. FrH 
Re(res/'1ml!r1[S. international C~I!r. 
_IIIMY 
..... pili - "DenbstJy as a Career and the Dental 
ProgIrn at the I.hWrsIty d NetIr.u·· - pre5I!rUd ~ 
Dr. Stanton Harn. In the Rl'YI!Ile ~rnaI Lounge. 
7100 p-. - "Grrnada. POrtrait d a /fM)IUtJon." a 111m 
whrch documents 1ft on this small CarlbbNn ItIancI 
beb"e the US 1rl\IIISIOn. featuring lOteMeWS WIth former 
prlme mimtl!r Mauri(. BIShop and cabinet mefIIIber 
Unison lIIhIteman. A panei of experts. Including Dr Jade 
kent. Me who has r«enCI}' returned from GrI!r1adil, WIN 
discuss topICS such as US media CD\II!r*; US polity In the 
caribbean; Cuba's position; heallh care. eciJcation. and 
po/itK:.aI Nte under bishop. and the US invasion of the 
Island. In TlH 107. 

~Y 
,Jill pili - Semester at 5N Presern: A slide snow. 
Come iIIld see and hear about a ~ fri11'*'9 
elpl!rienCe. In the IntI!rnaDonal Center. 
......... pili - OASIS Teachin!tlNrrlng SerTirws 
ptISI!r1t Dr. Morris FrIedkin. Proresor of 8iobgf and 
Faculty rnernbI!r. UCSD Medic.aI SChool. He will be UIIIdhg 
about his experiences as a teachl!r and wt-. it UIIes lei 
fram. In the int'I Ctr .. 

Entertainment 
-~Y 
... 11 p-. - ~ lm orgarvzing for JoM GII!rwI or 
whoeIIer else can beat the Republicans in '84. 01 the~ 
strps. 
,. ,.. - For those Intl!rested in pI¥ng chess. a dub 
has been brmed that meets f!Ver'J WI!d. niglt.lIoiIIrdsand 
Clocks are prO\lkled. In the Student Cemf. 
........ - Acting C~ in "The Cracle \/1/11/ Rock" 
UfO. MandeIIiI/e·Admission UCSO $6. Fac/SUft 59. CiA 
512. 

~Y 
Neon - Colloquium: UC Bar~ Trio. Pl!rbrmance ~ 
Carol Plantamnra. soprana. linda Burmon-Hall. 
hiIIpsialrd. Peter Farrel. mID. w/ music ~ Frescoc.ldi 
and Rameau. In AAand.B210. Free. 
........ - KlezlTlonm Concert. UfO. In MA CiA 
510.Sr.CIt. sa. UCSD S5. 
Il00 ... - "Our Town" Drama Dept Nov. IOH/Sun. 7 
pmJ. In M~I we.ss. AdmIssion Thurs. & Sun. CiA 56. 
students 54. Fri. & Sat. CiA sa. studrrlts 55 
PlllDAY 
..... ........ - "FM! Careless l.OIII!I's" concert. SCS. In 
the Pub. Free. 
7100 pili - "The Other CarHf" & HAIl Around 
Personality" films. CWO. In USB 2722. Free 
7 ............ - Koreill'l Films. KASA. In TlH 104. Free. 
....... - "aas Boot" film. UEO. MITldMIIe.AdmissIon 
52. 
...... - Atomic CaIiI!. MusIc. MandMIIe B21o. FrH. 
... 11 ... pili - DIr1cel Dancel [);Incel AI \IIIhy Not 
Here7jRl'velleI. lIVe're UIIIcln' bring a tlend and hiW run. 
tun tun! AdmISSIon 52. 

SA~Y 
.... , ....... -.JNn-luC fbntyConcert. FlIT! & S*la 
& UfO. In MandI!III/Ie Aud. AdmIsSIon UCSD student 
iIOIancrd SIO SO. door 511.50. 
...,....' ... _-MusIoan·sCklbDlr1ce Inthe_ 
Gym. UCSD 52. CiA 53 
SUNDAY 
.... p-. - 8oser1OOrfI!r Concert ~SIC Dept In 
/lAandNlMe Aud CiA S5. lac/sratt/II. 51 


