
/ ( 

ng 
re? 

ee page 5. 



The vOler registration rally at UCSD 
had been rescheduled for today at noon 
on Revelle Plaza. The previously 
scheduled rally was cancelled due to 
rain. Speakers will include 
Assemblywoman Lucy Killea; Ray Ortiz, 
San Diego registrar of voters; Tom 
Rutter, from UCSD Financial Aid; and 
Kim Paulus, UCSD student. The raUy is 
a pan of a statewide student VOler 
registration drive which should be 
viewed as a signal to the legislature that 
students are a constituency which 
should be recognized and respected 
The rally is co-sponsored by CalPIRG 
aQd the Associated Students of UCSD 

• 
Selected as the new dean of ans and 

sciences IS Professor Stanley A. 
Chodorow, former chair of the 
Academic Senate during the 1982-83 
school year. Professor Chodorow will 
contmue his distinguished academic 
admmistratlve career as the first dean of 
ans and sciences in the history of the 
UC 0 campus. He has actively 
participated m the governing of UCSD . 
since joining the Department of History 
faculty m 1968. He received bOlh his 
bachelor's and doctorate degrees from 
Cornell University. The appointment 
will be effective Nov. 1. if app roved by 
the University of California Regents. 

• 
A lime of internallonal protest against 

the deplo)·ment of US Cruise and 
Pershing II miSSiles has been deSignated 
by the world peace movement for Oct. 
15 through 24. During that \veek, at 
military and nuclear-related sites 
worldwide, millions of citizens Will 
mobilize against the escalating nuclear 
anns race . In San Diego, a raUy and 
march has been called for Monday Oct. 
24. at the General Dynamics Convair 
plant in Keamy Mesa from 11 am to 1 
pm. Several OIher events are planned 
which Will bUild toward that day, 
Including a world peace film festival, an 
arts festival. a film benefit at the Ken 
Cinema, non-violent training 
workshops, and a "women 's peace 
camp" at Convair on Oct. 24. 

• 
Now in its second year of printing. 

the seventh issue of tlte wllole damll pie 
shop is now available. A project of the 

&)rderl<lnd ~ Education Commiuee, the 
whole <1«11111 pIC shop IS one of the few 
vOIl'es of Ihe progress ivc comlllunity m 
San Dlcgo ,lnd seeks to cstabh~h 
commUnlC<lllDn and dialogue among 

Deja Vu ... 
1963 ... 

The Woman's Liberation Front at 
UCSD has been working in thln~ areas: 
spreading infonnatlon about the 
movement , attempting to imprnve 
co nditions for UCSD women now, ,lnd 
developmg an awareness of thc dlcClS 
upon our own lives of our socialization 
as women . Members of WLF Illeet 
regularly [0 dISCUSS our own life 
situations and discover the ways our 
common experiences exemplify the 
patterns of conditioning III which all 
women are subjected. WlF is striVing 
for institutional changes such a~ duy 
care centers, equal pay, and accessible 
birth control methods to improve the 
lives of women. We also realizt the 
need to change our own attitudes and 
behavior in order to strengthen the 
struggle for collective change. 

1968 ... 
Last Wednesday Father Blase 

Bonpane spoke to students in UCSD's 

various progressive political groups here 
in order to unify their causes. Copies of 
It: is issue are available free at a few 
locations around town , and 
subSCriptions are available at $8 per 
year. Make your check payable to 
Borderlands Education Committee, PO. 
Box 7904, San Diego, Ca. 92107 . 

• 
The Youth Exchange Service is in 

need of American host families aU over 
the United States for students scheduled 
to arnve in December 1983. The 
students are well screened, have 
excellent medical Insurance and bnng 
their own spendlllg money. Host 
families ' responSibIlities are to prOVide 
room and board and to receive the 
student as a member of the famdy. For 
more details on opponun lltcs, contact 
the Youth Exchange Service at the 
World Trade Center Bldg., 350 South 
Figueroa, Los Angeles, Ca. 90071. 

• 
Ballet, the oldest fonn of theatrical 

dance In Western culture, will be the 
topiC of a fall UCSD Extension course 
for the public. Scheduled for 7 to 9:30 
pm Wednesdays, Nov. 2 through 23 on 
the UCSD campus, the class is titeld 
'The Many Facets of Dance: Discovering 
Dance in the Siln Diego Area - Part I, 
The Ballet." Class members will learn 
about the historical as well as 
contemporary Influences on dance 
today, with speCial ancntton given to 
the Joffrey (( Company, which they will 
see in live performance at MandeVille 
Center. The course fee is $65 plus the 
cost of tickets for the Joffrey 
performance. Enrollment infonnation is 
available from UCSD Extension. 

• 
Gene Roddenberry will lecture tonight 

in Mandeville Auditorium. The lecture 
will feature commentary and film about 
Star Trek. The talk will begin at 7 pm. 
The price of general admission is $5 , fOI 
students and seniors $3. 

• 
A bowling writer's contest is being 

sponsored by the National Bowling 
Concil, with eight cash prizes to be 
awarded to amateur bowling writers for 
the best bowling-related stortI'S as 
Judged by an NBC-nolmnated panel. 
Entries must be published , campus 
newspapers included during the 1983 
academic year. Send entries to the 
National Bowling Council , 1919 
Pennsylvania Ave., N.W., Washington . 
D.C. 20006. 

gym concerning United States foreign 
policy in Latin Americ,1, Bonpane stated 
Ihat leaders In the United States today 
have no real conception or the problems 
in Latin America: "Only one group in . 
utin America knows what's good for 
Larin Americans: the Latin Amencans." 
Bonpane nOled that 85% or the funds 
Luin America receives arc tied directly 
to United Statcs products. The aid 
rel.:cived is actuillly a 10.10, which creates 
funher dependence on the United 
Stiltes. 

1971. .. 
The George ~kc;.,wern campaign has 

come to UCSD with the fonnation of 
the UCSD McGovern for President 
Comminee. Senator McGovern stared , "It 
is the lliJligation llf thtlSC (If us who 
howe led the peace movement in this 
l'OUntf)' to educare our constituents ttl 
the vit.1I distinction betwcen preventing 
war in the Mideast b)· pladng the 
Americ.rn gu.tr.rntee behind Israel's right 
to survive and perpetuating the war in 

AS Forum 
The foUowing are excerpts of an interview with Greg Hemperly. AS 

Commissioner of Programming, 
What is your job deSCription? 
I am commissioner of programming. I am in charge of aU the TGlFs and aU the 

campUS-Wide activities. I program events for the campus. 
Descriht a typical day. 
I make a 101 of phone caUs, a 101 of organizational activities. A lot of reading of 

mail of people who are soliciting my money or the student monies lOr their 
activities they wam to fut on campus. A lot of booking agents talk to me, a lot of 
bands and just a lot 0 paperwork and a lot of organization basicaDy. 

What kind of events a~ you ~sponsible for? 
The only events I am responsible for are those that come from student activity 

fees. I do TGI Fs, the Roddenbury Lecture; I did the Aeshtones in the Pub; I wiD be 
doing more bands and more lectures throughout the year. 

Do you have people womingfor you? 
1 have a programming commission. I am just now soliciting applications and 

have about six or seven people working under me now. 
Is this your first student .I:O"emmenl posllion? .? 
Yes, but I've known a lot of people to the student government. I helped start the 

TGs, and helped work on the committee to get the Pub here when the Pub first 
started and when the TGs first started. and I've just seen a lot of change. I've been 
here slIlce the AS government was the Co-op. so ('ve seen the AS go through a lot 
of changes. 

Didn 't you and Craig Lee oppose each other last year In the sludent elcctwns? 
1 ran underneath the Tupperware Pany(the party that supponed Mark Geiger), 

and Mark did nor get elected, and Craig did. but Craig and I have a 101 of the same 
views and ideas, and we seem to work together very weD. 

What have you two worked on together? 
Currently, we're working on breaking the Coors boycott on campus. We're 

working on trying to get the new budget srraighlened our; we're working on a lot 
of different things. We just ask for each other's opinions a lot - evetything is 
working OUI fine. 

What is your bwiget and how doe~ it wom? 
My budget ($33,000) has been approved via the council. The TGs are basicaBy 

my major expenditure and they have pretty much been approved. 
What do you enjoy most and leasl about your job? 
I hke the experience, the possible connections that 111 make for the future If I 

decide nor to go into med school. I also enjoy the people that come with the job. 
As far as the drawbacks: the time spent in the olTice, away from school, and away 
from work. is frustrating. The entire summer I was here aD the time. 

What are your goals this year as commissioner oj programming? 
More uni fiction in centralized programming. More school spirit, less apathy on 

campus, is what I'd like to see. (think programmmg is the best public relations for 
the AS; it's where the students see their money going to. 

You mentioned a[Xllhy. Why do you thin~ there is apathyon this campus In regards to 
studerll govemmerll? 

. Hopefully the AS bulletin will stan to create an interest. The programming is a 
big pan of It. At least they (the students) see that the AS government is doing 
something. I think the AS Forum column is a good Idea because it gets the 
students informed on the issues. I think students are scared to get involved in 
their earlier years (as I was), and that is lJ major problem right now. 

Indochina by fighting lin/ the internal 
struggles of the people of that area lor 
an indefinite period of time with 
American troops." 

1973 ... 
Watch OUt! UCSD's nimble-fingered 

. girls have been let loose once again . The 
women's intercollegiale voileybaD team 
will soon burst out onto the courts with 
more skill and enthusiasm than ever. A 
I.:ontinuation of their everpresent 
winning Slreak seems evident from one 
glance <It these girls in action. If you are 
of the superior female sex, have any 
volleyl>aB experience. and have the 
energy to bum, come over to rhe gym 
any ~ekday at 4:00. 

1978 ... 
Women coDege student5 are more 

scxuall)· active than they were six years 
ago, and there is an increase in the 
number of mall' virgins. Of rhe 1.-oIIege 
Wtlmen polled in 1972.49% said they 
grJdUilted with thdr virginity unviolated . 
That n~ure dl'l.: reilsed by 26'1& this year. 

The statistical frequency of male virgins 
increased from 18% in 1972 to 26% in 
1978. 

Vice Chancelor of Student Affairs 
Richard Anni. has placed a 
temporary moratorium on me approval 
of al new social fralrmitles and 
sororities until the potential impact of 
these ~roups on the campus and 
community can be ltUdied. Armitage 
said, "Why hawo'r rhnr groups existed 
on this campus bd<ft, and are they 
rrally necessary ~? If this Uni~rsil)' 
encourages me IfOWd'I of thne 
organizations, it should also consider 
the consequences .... k is aIqed rhar 
students' moralr is low here at UCSD .. 

If fraternities and somrir~5 can fill that 
void, fine . But I'm concerned with me 
effccts mey ctdd ha~ on ~nt 
campus life, e5pe\.iaIy within the 
individual collqJes. Many.udcnts 
displilY cenain Ioralries 10 ~ir 

respecli~ 1.-oIIqr. With fralrmities and 
sororities on ounpu5, wiI mOl!lC Ioyakies 
transfer from 1.-oIeges to the Greek 
gnlups?" 

History of UCSD 
Chapter Three: 
Third 
By JAMES RALPH PAPP 

This article, the third oj jive on the 
making of UCSD, is the ~sult of 
conversatIOns with Dtan IXv Varga and 
VICe Chanullor Joe Watson (former prol/osl 
of Third College). I would 'i~c to thank 
them and acknowledge the help of The 
Year of the Monkey by WUllam McGill. 

In March of 1969, the plans for Third 
College were being developed by a 
provisional faculty under provost Armin 
Rappaport. A meeting had been set up 
so that a group of minority students 
could offer their recommendations for 
the new coOege. Fifteen minutes after 
the meeting was to stan, sixty students, 
led by Angela Davis, came in as a group. 
The students sat down, and Davis read 
the "Lumumba-Zapara" demands. 

The demands werr for much greater 
student self-government; for a 
concentration on the needs of minOrity 
students; and for embracing education 
on revolutionary doctrine and 
abandonment of the areas and 
approaches of traditional history. 
Chancellor McGiD had his staff rewrite 
the demands, added some suggestiOns 
of his own and set up another meeting. 
where a compromise was reached with 
the studems, After a dozen years. the 
way the original goals are approached 
has changed, but the Third College 
experiment has been a success. 

Under Rappapon (who is still a 
scholar at this campus) a college 
cemered on history, with an additional 
orientation towards current events, had 

been developed. That. at its most basic, 
was kept, but instead of a traditional 
liberal arts college, a radical structure 
was built on top of it. After Rappaport 
resigned, a search committee for a new 
provost was set up. which included 
Watson, who had come to Revelle in 
1966 as an assistant professor of 
chemistry. When the committee faired 
(0 agree on a nomination, McGill 
suggested that Watson be made provost, 
which he was, and he stayed in that 
position for 11 years. 

His primary focus in the early years 
was explaining the college to the 
community and correcting the 
misconceptions, many antagonistic, 
which came nOl just from local sources 
but from other pans of the country. The 
syndicated columnistS Evans and Novak, 
for instance, wrote: "By giving black and 
brown students ~to power over faculty 
appointments in their new Third 
College at San Diego, McGiU nor only 
subvened academic standards bur 
beckoned radical students nationwide to 
what until recently had been a quiet 
campus: 

Third College did not justify the 
community'S fears, however. The 
curriculum is very traditional (with 
Revelle it has the most requirrments) 
and is designed to qualify the students 
well for graduate and professional 
schools. The non-traditional courses 
add. as Varga says. the "flavor and 
spice." 

Vice Chancellor Joseph Watson, provost oj Third College for over a decade. 

The self-governing power of the 
students has also changed in character. 
Two student representatives were part of 
the Board of Directors. in charge of 
finding and hiring of faculty , until 1972, 
Ihen the proVOSt and the Board 
disagreed irreconcilably. Watson offered 
his resignation, Chancellor MacElroy 
refused it. and there was general 
agreement that the usefulness of a board 
which did not accept compromise was 
over. 

Now there is a forum each quaner 
where the students can communicate 

. 

, . 

their concerns and suggestions. In 
adition, many more students are now 
involved in committees. such as the 
residence haD committees and the Third 
big brother and big siSler organization 
(an upperclassman-Iowerclassman 
support program). All this involves about 
300 students rather than the rwo 
students originally involved in the 
governing system. 

This involvement by the members of 
the college. students, staff. and faculty is 
one of the traditions of Third. In 

tum to 8 

Itdoesn'ttake·alotof~to 
L---:--;-. ---;.~- III .' get into college. 

• • 

• 
c 

• 
c 

Imperial's Tomorrow Student Loan 
is the best plan for today. 

-

Now getting into college doesn't have to be a 
grind. Imperial Savings has done everything 
to cut the paperwork and the questions down 
to size. So you can spend your time preparing 
for school. Not filling out endless forms. 
When your loan is approved, we will offer 
you a free Tomorrow Checking"Account. 
There's no minimum balance and you earn 
5Y<l% interest. Plus you get the 

benefitofourne~orkof~ 
Tomorrow Tellers and 124 branches 
throughout California 
Call1-800-CHEK-NOW (1-800-243-5669) 
If you want to examine the Tomorrow 
Student Loarrmore closely, either give 
us a call, or contact your financial 
aid office. Our loan representatives 
are on the line Monday through 
Friday. Call now. And find out 

-

how to apply for the loan that's 
easy to get today. And easy 

-
\ \ I _ to live with tomorrow. 



4 O(/(l/ll'l (1, 1983 
OPI~IO' 

Editorial 

California and UC: 
No longer committed? 

The University of California has remarkably quickly turned into 
one of the best systems for higher education in the world , Three of 
its campuses, Berkeley, los Angeles and San Diego, are among the 
dozen or so best graduate schools in the COUntry, from which 
follows excellent undergraduate education as well. Its other 
campuses also have leading graduate depanments and programs, 
The plan of giving tuition-free education, the quality of which 
could not be reasonably exceeded, to the people of California in 
great numbers was achieved. But now the people of California no 

• longer want the best higher education - the second or third best 
will do. Neither do they want this education extended to as many 
of themselves as possible . But perhaps clarification is in order. The 
representatives of the people of California no longer want that. 

Since the election it has been clear that Deukmejian's 
we hope not its citizens - are no longer willing to educate the 
professors and staff of the University of California to keep up with 
inflation , let alone bringing the salaries up to the level of 
employees of comparable universities, Thus we have known for 
nearly a year that the government intends that UC should no 
longer be the best, that Californians will have to go elsewhere for 
good education - or to be more charitable, does not intend that 
but could not care less whether it happens. 

Now it is becoming clear that whatever quality of education UC 
offers, it is going to offer it to fewer and fewer people. The plan 
for UCSD when it opened was for it to grow to a student 
population of 27,500 in 12 colleges by the early 1990's, The 
people in charge of the funding decided that the expected 
population growth would never come, so neither did the funding, 
But San Diego has been growing, and more and more people are 
moving to the sunbelt, The ideal size for a UCSD college had been 
considered 2,200. In 1978 Muir, the largest college, had 2,700 
students. Now it has about 3,300, or 1,100 more than it can 
operate effectively with. 

In just the past three years the number of students at UCSD has 
grown by 20% from an already overcrowded situation, Yet talks 
about a fifth college have hardly begun, and if it is decided to 
build one it will not appear for several more years. Now, for the 
final blow to true public education, Chancellor Atkinson has said 
that we may be forced to put a limit on the number of students 
entering UCSD. Because the representatives of California -
hopefully not its citizens - are no longer willing to educate the 
populace, intelligence, knowledge and dedication will no longer be 
the means to reward, getting there first will. 

If money is the only thing of value to us and our representatives, we 
should consider the industry and agriculture we have lost 
and will lose by not supponing our university system. We would like 
to think, however, that Californians value education more than money. 
If not, what it has taken over a century to build, a public university 
system 01 top qualIty, Witt vamsh In tar less than a decade . 

A 

uc-SAN- DIEGO 
INTERNATIONAL 
flLM'---S ER I ES 

1 . 9 . 8 ' 3 
PRESENTS 

F I L M COMPOSED 

French with English subtitles, 
October II, Tuetdav, 7:30 p.m. 

Mandeville Auditorium 
G.A_ $5.00, St.lSr. CitizeN $3.00 

B Y 

'---____ UCSD Box Office: 452-4559 _____ --.J 

Editor. 
Congratulations, UCSD studems, [or 

your academic exceUence! Good 
students are indeed admirable, but there 
is a major problem on this campus that 
I am addressing in a state of extreme 
frustration. I admit my hostility from the 
beginning. 

When I came to UCSD last year as a 
freshman, I absolutely couldn't believe 
that people who are obviously among 
the most intelligent in the coumry were 
mainly conversing about clothes, drugs, 
and sororities/ fraternities. For starters, 
these things are not only irrevlevant to 
the world around us but are also not the 
only things that are important in coUege 
life . Unless one wants to look through a 
narrow tunnel aU his life, a growing 
awareness is necessary. 

"I'm gomg to wear my $60 blouse to 
your pany tomorrow night ," is 
something that I have heard too often 
around here , I ask those people now: 
Do you know that while you are OUI 
buying Ihat $60 blouse, the Uniled 
States is becoming more involved in 
Central America? You probably don'l 
even care. because if there is a draft , you 
won 't have 10 fighl over there. Do you 
know that while you are admiring some 
'fine' blond guy at the beach, the Cold 
War is escalaling and bringing us ever 
closer to an aU-out nuclear war, which 
would , by Ihe way, blow us aU into little 
tiny bits? Do you know thaI while you 
are at Ihat TG getting blaqed out of your 
brains, hundreds of ilJllocent people are 
literaUy getting their brains blasted out 
of their heads in southern Lebanon? 

"Well , I hate war, so I just don 't want 
to think about it. Who reaUy cares. 
anyway?" This is a very common quote 
lhat I hear from students here when I 
ask them about their political thoughls 
about today's wars. War exists, Learn 10 
grow up and face it. Someday it may be 
you who gels sent to a country like 
Vietnam. 

There are twO choices: eilher wake up 
and SlOp acting like a high school 
freshman or be a complete conformist , 
stay as you are , and continue to learn 
the things that many UCSD students 
seem to learn best - ignorance and 
apalhy. Your time wtll come. 

Laura Drake 

Editor 
Tim AuguSl 

M .... 1n& Editor 
Phil laUder 
Copy Editor 
James-~lph Papp 

Opinion Editor 
Tliomas Rankin 
Associa~ News Editors 

Mike Greenberg 
Lisa Lapin 

Features Editor 
Chris Young 
Arts Editor 

Andrew Keeler 
Associa~ Arts Editor 

John Nee 
S Editor 
'mvage 
Photo Editor 
Rich Pecjak 

GeMralM .... er 
Chris Milke 
Associa~ Gcnaal M .... en 

Unda Lewis 
Valerie McMuUin 

lUustraton 
Gamell Fitz-Henley 

Kathy Morrow 
Typescuen 

Joe Desiderio 
Anggie Lapid Anay Laurence 

Chris Osterwalder 
Production 

Hannah Abrams 
Lisa Jones 

Paula Montgomery 
KeUy Neal 

The UCSD Guardian is published 
Mondays and Thursdays during the 
academic year by students at UCSD. 
Reproduclion or use without 
permission of any ponion of this 
newspaper is strictly prohibited . Not 
responsible for unsolicited 
manuscripts or art . 

Our office is located southeast of 
lhe ReveUe ProvoSI Office on the 
UCSD campus. The Business Office is 
open from 9 am 10 noon and I pm 10 
5 pm Monday through Friday. 

Subscriplions will be mailed for $15 
per quaner. 

The UCSD Guardian 
UCSD,8-016 

La Jolla, California 92093 
(619) 452-3+66 

Are You Interested in 
Environmental Politics? 

If so, 
You can take Contemporary Issues 116/Science, 

Technology and Public Affairs 116 this F~ll Quarter. The 
course deals with such topics as nuclear waste, global 
climate change, land use and planning, chemical waste 
dumps, and U.S.-Mexico Environmental Cooperation 

Program, and others. 
The class will take several field trips including a visit to the San 

Onofre Nuclear Plant. 
Tuesday/Thursday, 1-2:20 pm, Chancellor's Conf. Rm.l06B 

(The class is almost full, try to add it today). 
Muir InterdilCiplinary Studie. Office: 2024 H&ss 

0<101>,'/ 6, }tJ81 5 

Commenta!y_ 

Does anybody really care? 
By CHRISTOPHER CANOLE 

Standing alone, amongst sunbathing students, seUers 
of high fashion apparel. fraternity and sorority rush 
tables and zealors of various religious and foreign 
political oranizations, is our weather~bealen, forgouen 
and empty Revelle Plaza lIagpole. 

Standing alone, before uniformly attired students of 
Ihe 1975 graduating cerel1}(\nies, Roger ReveHe, Ihe 
wealher-beaten and somelimes forgotten symbol of our 
coUege, delivered his commencement speech on the 
value of patriotism. 

By bringing back those words today, we can realize 
the important role patriotism plays and call for bringing 
back the Rag it symbolizes. 

"It is easy for men and women of my generation ·to be 
patriotic, because the most intense experience of our 
lives was the Second World War. The spirit of unity 
that is difficult even to imagine today -pervaded the 
whole country. There was no question of the meaning of 
patriotism. 

"After the war came the jingoism, suspicion and 
intolerance of the McCarthy era in the 1950's; the 
growing realization in the 1960'5 of the many injustices 
within our own society and in the relations between 
rich and poor countries in the world; the cruelty and 
futility of Viemam, which broke our confidence in 
ourselves; and the revelations of governmental 
corruption and lying during the last few years . 

"No wonder Ihat in the past three decades the Dame 
of palriotism has guttered out in a pool of apathy and 

. mdifference. 
"No wonder that many of you have turned away from 

the problems of our society to a concern with sheer 
individual survival. The men and women of your 
generation are liable to think of patriotism as at best 
cheap sentimentality, and at worst the last refuge of a 
scoundrel. 

"How can I dare 10 talk 10 you about patriotism? You • 
are liable to feel I am like the man who said to Abraham 1iJ' 
lincoln, 'I feel patriotic.' 'Whal do you mean?' asked 
Lincoln. The man said, Why, I [eel like I want 10 kill 
somebody or steal somelhing: 

"But I want 10 talk about another kind of patriotism, 
the kind I believe inspired Lincoln's spirit. To lincoln 
patriotism mean I love of our countty, a love thaI 
lranscended personal survival, that looked beyond Ihe 
corruption, apathy and self-seeking which , then as now, 
loomed large in American life. 

"The best jUSlification for this kind of patriotism can 
be seen in the world around us . One of the remarkable 
phenomena of our time is Ihe rise of nalionalism in,the 
new countries that have been formed throughout Asia. 
Africa and utin America in the last thirty years. In spite 
of vast potential resources, many of these countries are 
unable to feed their people, let alone 10 lift their 
burdens of mise!)' and poveny. But one cannot spend 
much time in these poor countries without coming to 
the belief that in spite of Iheir loud nationalism, their 
underlying difficulty is an absence of true patriotism. 

"The rise of nationalism has mainly served the 
interests of the new nations. The srnaD elites who 
control their governments are mostly indifferent to these 
larger interests. even though they give lip service. 

What is it about our country that we can love? Four 
Ihings, two of them visible and two invisible: the land, 
the people, the laws and the revolutionary spiril of 
America." 

ReveUe's speech continues with his personal feelings 
regarding these four loves of our country. He was caUing 
for each individual to renect on the value of patriotism 
within a nation of people. He was not preaching as he 
stood before the symbol of our country; he was 
beseeching. 

, . 

Revelle 's nag has been absent from our campus for 
some time now. Before its return , we need 10 renect on 
our apathy that its absence symbolizes. 

Two ~ts of view 
on stu t housing. 

The Landlords 
Landlords just can't figure why anyone 
would buy when they can rent , After all, 
owning a home is a big responsibility that 
students can't possibly handle. Your life would 
become undisciplined and chaotic without the 
landlord's rules to live by , Your damage deposit 
wouldn't be there waiting for you (without imerest, 
minus deductions) when you leave . Speaking of 
leaving, when you rent you ' re free to pick up 
and leave anytime the whim strikes you (or 
your landlord) , And how about the fun of 
listening to your neighbors thru those thin 
walls - on a good night you don ' t even 
need a stereo for entertainment , All in 
all, renting is better than bUY,ing (from the 
landlord's point of view), It's the natural 
order of things. Without remers like you, how 
would landlords be able to buy their buildings? 

Park Villas is dedicated to the proposition 
that you'd rather invest in your future, 

instead of the landlords. So, we've made it 
possible to buy a home in Mission Valley for less 
than il costs to rent. How? Simply by being fair, 

ralher than greedy, The down payment is low. Your 
damage deposil could cover a 101 of it (if you can 

get it back). Monthly payments are low too. 
Probably less than you ' re now paying to rem. 
We give you a 4·year break 10 get you started . 

With 8 7/8% the first year, gradualing 10 
12 1/8% Annual Percentage Rate years 4 -

30. So you can start buying your home 
before you can afford Ihe payments. Prices 

are very low, Starting at '49,990. And the homes 
are really outstanding, situated in a Irue park 

environment wilh clubhouses, pools and saunas, 
In a few words, the difference between Park 

Villas and an apartment is easy 10 measure. You 
put a deeq in your pocket instead of a hole. 

WHERE YOU SPEND ~ THAN RENT TO OWN A HOME. ~ srurr AT '49,900 

Models open daily 10:00 10 6 .00 
Phone 619/299·0029 

Prices & terms subject 10 chanl!c whhuut notice: 
@ 

G) xii ~LJ=1iI ========~ 

TYPICAL EXAMPLE. Based on cash pnce of 49,900 and 
2590 down , paymcnt~ based on 8X,% first year, 9~% 
second year, IO~% third year, 11 %% remaining 27 years 
wJl1 v~ ry from J38~ to 1493 Add taxes dod homeo," ner.! 
dues. 



.. 

'\ I \\.., 

10 get ahea4~u've got to push 
the right 

Big ideas call for big functions, And 
youl1 find them on the keys of every 
Hewlett-Packard calculator. 
The up-lie Scientific Programmable. 

Powerful functions, such as permu-
tations and combinations, hyperbolics 
and a random-number generator, are all 
at your fingertips. And with help like 
that, you just might end up with your 
name on a theorem, 
The top-of-the-line HP-41. 

To give you an idea of the HP-41's 

capabilities, in an emergency it can help 
bring the NASA Space Shuttle back to 
earth. Without the aid of Mission Control. 
Imagine what it can do for you on a 
routine day. 

And it's just one of the many 
specialized HP calculators: the HP-IOC 
and HP-15C scientific programmables, 
the HP-12C financial calculator, and the 
HP-16C for computer programmers. 

So, go ahead. Get to the root of 
sophisticated problems-quickly-
simply, with the help of a sophisticated 

tool. Get there with Hewlett-Packard. 
For the authorized HP dealer or liP 

sales office nean!It you, call roLlrFREE 
800-547-3400 and ask for operator 
#13 M-F, 6a.m.-6p.m. Pacific Time. 

PenonaI NIIDpIIIen.ad cakuJaton 
for profeuioaala on the move. 

Fli .. HEWLETT 
~~ PACKARD 

Check your campus bookstore or any of the fallowing dealers: 

Clrlsbltd EI Cajon Ocel,.1de 
Home Computer, Inc Tam's, Inc Best Products Co, Inc Fast Track Computer Paul Munroe H~UIICS Tam's, Inc 5850 Avenlda Encinas 393 Broadway 1820 Oceanside Blvd Corporation , 94« Miramar lo.t50 Frllrs Road (619) 438-9696 (619) 444-9413 (714) 439·8800 7050 Miramar Road Suite C (619) 578-1910 (619) 28O.e666 
Chula Vistl Escondido San DIego (619) 578-1750 Price Ctub Tam's, Inc Price Club The Computer Place Business Advantage Fedco, Inc 4605 Morena Blvd 1277 Garnet 1144 Broadway 2235 Micro Place Computers 5th and Euclid (619) 27~142 (619) 483-5080 (6'9) 427-66'4 (619) 74'-6662 4'3 Laurel St Suite A (619) 262-241 t R.B. Computers & Software The Computer Place Tam's, Inc LI MHa (619) 232-2025 Keltenburg Marine 11844 Rancho Bernardo Dr 91172 Hlbert St 3', Broadw:i6 Best Products Co, Inc c.T.e. The Computer People 2810 Carlton St Suite 116 (619) 741.e660 (6'9) 425-08 7938 EI Cajon Blvd 5560 Ruffl n Rd (6'9) 224-8211 (619) 485-9560 Santee (714) 698·7244 (619) 565.Q505 Tam's, tnc Price Club 

5973EI~ 9851 Buena Vista (619) 583- (6'9) 562-3601 

Walk for a freeze 
-:J ust the beginning 
By NOELLE RUDOLPH 

Most anywhere one looks these days, 
the government is exercising its clow. 
We up here on our isolated campus are 
not excluded. UCSD is supponed by 
government research projects. No 
wonder few Hiers are ever spotted on 
such liberal Issues as the Freeze Walk 
held on October 1 at Mission Bay's Dc 
Anza Cove. You arc probably wondering 
If niers on this evem had been posted. 

nuclear freeze last year. With thiS 
increase of public concern, Dorenkott 
believes San Diego possesses the 
potential needed suppon for a nuclear 
peace 

DorenkOIl dIscouraged emollonalism 
towards the recent Korean airhne 
inCIdent . Quoting the legislator John 
Vasconccllo's peace package (AJRs 70 
through 76) presented at the second 

At present, the nuclear freeze issue has come 
to . a standstill while awaiting the Senate's final 
decision. 
Yes, they were, but lor some reason, two 
days laler aU Hiers had disappeared 
from the campus posts. 

On Saturday morning, October I, 1 
found myself driving to a demonstration 
at 8 am. Approachmg the Cove, 1 saw 
that two large blue banners were 
prominently displayed on the grass, 
bearing the traditional nuclear cloud. 
The Freeze Walk was sponsored by the 
San Diego Committee for a Bilateral 
Nuclear Weapons Freeze (SOCBNWF) 
and the Southern California Freeze 
(SCF). 

Two folk si~ers opened the raDy at 
9:30. While the anti-nuke revdries were 
fading, Jim Dorenkott of the SOCBNWF. 
avidly spoke on the need of suppon 
and awareness on the nuclear weapons 
ISSue. . 

Although San Diego is largely of a 
military population. a quaner of a 
million !?C0ple here voted in favor of a 

meeting 01 the SOCBNWF. Dorenkotl 
emphasIzed retaining an open mind 
towards new visions and solutions. 

In addition 10 the four presently 
accepted programs of peace. (1 ) a 
National Peace Academy, (2) a US-Soviet 
student exchange program, (3) a 
' soldiers for peace" program utilizing 
100,000 volunteers from both countries 
and (4) an estabhshment of a Joint 
Crisis Management Center, Dorenkolt 
readily suppons the three currently 
unapproved programs: (1) an immediate 
halt of nuclear weapons, (2) a halt of 
research, development and deployment 
of the MX missile and (3) a halt of 
instaUation plans of the Pershing J 1 
missde in West Germany. 

At present the Nuclear Freeze issue 
has come to a standstill while awaiting 
the Senate's final decision . Even if the 
Senate passes the issue, the president 
will predictably veto the Freeze. Then 

,.. ............. _......., ..... I ...... .. 
............. ' - , .... __ .......... II 

OU ___ AV .... POIlFD .. ClNIIUIJINN 
................. 

.. ---- .. GRADUATES ARE ELIGIBLE FOR ECFMQ 
CERTIFICATION EXAM IN THE U.s. 

lest In Jau/Iock nuIC 

- Oct. 7. .. Ida, 
-7JOOpm-MO".L 
-AftertMTG 

-FREE Ad ......... 

why docs Dorcnk,J[[ continue to expend 
his energies on a futile rat mer against 
bureaucracy? 

Dorenkoll plans to bo()st public 
awareness and suppOrt (which at 
present is nallonally 70-80 percent in 
favor of the Freeze) so as to make the 
Nuclear Freeze a deCIsive issue on the 
1984 ballot. WIth the strength of a 
quarter of a mIllion voters , the San 
Diego public will have the power 10 
select a representative in favor of 
nuclear peace. This Walk was the first 
step in a I)-month program to enact 
Vasconcello's proposals. 

On October 13, Dorenkou, in 
conjunction with Lawyers' AUiance, will 
be funher lobbying the freeze at 7 pm 
in Congregation Hall of the Unitarian 
Church on Front Srreet. 

In conclusion of his speech, 
Dorenkolt urged everyone to search for 
"ot~,er ways to settle differences." 

I he approxImately $2 ,JOO ($1,500 
collected III cash and checks and 

$1 ,600 to be collected in proceeds) will 
be distributed between [he local and 
national campaigns, according ." }o 
Scidita of SCF. The money will U<. 
appropriated for educational programs, 
including literature, movies and videos. 

Most participants felt theIr 
participation was constructive and 
beneficial to the campaign. Individuals 
of aU ages were represemed; however, 
there was an absence of college-age 
panicipanrs. Since 1 was readily 
identifying myself as a UCSD student, I 
was frequently queried as 10 why more 
students were nor politically active. One 
eleven-year-old demonstrator gave me 
one rationale for supporting nuclear 
peace. "I don 't really think they should 
blow up the world, because other kids 
want to live III it. And if we're going to 
have kids, why should we make our 
kIds suffer? 

A life-sjzed bronze Slatue oj Francisco ZUniga 's "Yucateca Sentada " is seen here on 
the Third Pravost C@ce lawn. The statue was donated by Elsa Dekhing and UCSD 
physics professor Keith Brueckner. 

• • • • •••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• • i COPY COVE 1St. DISCOUNT wHh thl. ad. : 
UCSD I.D. un"' 10-31-83. : of La Jolla 

• 
• 
• Specialists In thelia reproductton. 
: III Xerox copies, reductions. enlargements 

iii Full color xerox copies 
iii Full binding 5elVice, hard & soft cover 
il Stationers SUpplies, typing 

• 
• 
• 
• 

• 
• 
• 

Mon.-Fri. 7:30-6:00 : 70. "-a'i •.• La Jolla. Comer of Draper • "-art Sol. 9:CJO.5:OO : 

._-_ .... - .. 
::.,...- .. : 

HUCGUIT IIAC£ JOVAIIMCII." 

Time Is GIl) 
Running Out 
TEST 

PREPARATION 
BOOKS 

Latest Editions! 
Pracllce 'His identIcal 10 actual lesls 
,n format scope, lime 'rame and level 
of d,lhculty to insure your eXlm-read,· 
ness. All questions are answered ,n 
detail . . 
Complete revi_ mlleroll,n each 
book, plus many new 'eltures never 
before Included ,n a tHI preparaloon 
book. 

••••••••• 



NEWS 
,: :. ~~. 

Write for The Guardian and 
meet interesting people 

eeeeee,UC CLIPS • I • • • • • • • • • • • 
We're looking for students, experienced or 

not, who are interested in writing for us in news, 
arts, sports or practically anything you can think 
of. Come to one of the writer's meetings Friday at 
11 am or 4 pm or stop by our office anytime. 
We're located behind the Revelle Provost's office 
next to the Che Cafe. Get hip, get involved , get 
happy. JoinThe Guardian . 

For more information ca ll us at 452-3466. 

Third . 
c;nrinued from 3 
addition to depanmental meerings there 
are frequent meetings of the faculty of 
Third . The suppOrt that Third has 
always given to Its students is one of the 
reasons so many non-minority students 
have been anra tcd to it. ' 

Third College now has a large 
majority of white students, although it 
began as about one-third black, one-
third Chicano, and one-third Olher 
(including Amenlan Indian). More 
minOrities are ,mendlng 01 her colleges at 
UCSD than used to . but It is a matter of 
concern to many Ihat ThIrd IS no longer 
pnmanl} edu..:aung large numbers of 
mmomy ~lUdcnt~ 

From itS uncertain beginnings. Third 
College has grown into a controlled and 
largely successful experiment. Although 
111 some ways it was the demise of the 
college system, spreading departments 
over more than one college, it was also a 
strengthening of the system, reaffirming 
the real intention of a small and 
supportive academic community for the 
student Although all its goals have not 
been reached , and although [he ways of 
approaching them nave changed. the 
goals Stay the same. Unfortunatel), pan 
01 them, the education of large numbers 
of mmomy sludents. is being threatened 
by the attracti\'enc~s of the methods of 
Third College 

BERI<ELEY-l he University of 
Cahfornia. already deeply involved 111 
research into the causes and treaunent 
of Acquired Immune DefiCiency 
Syndrome (AIDS), with the support of 
Federal grants from the National 
Institute of Health , has now made initial 
allocations of $800,000 to II researchers 
from UC campuses at Davis. Irvine, Los 
Angeles. and San Francisco as pan of 
$2.9 million recently provided 10 the 
University by the state for AIDS research 
in 1983-84. At the same time . the first 
Ihree months' funding has been 
proVided for establishment of AIDS 
Clinical Research Centers at UCSF and 
UCLA. and an additional $740,000 has 
been et aside for conllnued support of 
the ce nters as needed beyond the initial 
period. 
SAN FRANCISCO-Dr. Donald Trunkey. 
UC San Francisco professor of surgery, 
says that at least 30 percent of the 165,000 
lives lost each year to trauma could be 
saved with the kind of prompt surgIcal 
care available at trauma centers. Trauma, 
defined as accidental or intentional injury. 
is the number one cause of death in 
persons from one to 38 years of age. 
Studies have shown that rrauma deaths fall 
into three categones: immediate, early and 
late. Preventtve measures include reducing 
drunk driVing; mandatory use of safety 
devices such as seat belts, airbag •. and 
motorcycle helmets; and handgun control 
Despite the eVid ence that trauma centers 
save lives. 1 run key says c~l3bltshlng them 
may nO! be easy. Many members of the 

\\e're lookiIE he peDP.Ie 
who don't thlnk straight. 

If you've always looked for what's 
around the comer rather than what is 
st.raight ahead, consider a career with 
Linkabit. 

Linkabit didn't get to where it is today 
by way of tunnel vision. We're a leader in 
the de ign, development and manufacture 
of satellite and terrestrial communications 
equipment, spec ializing in local 
communication networks, encryption, 
fonvard error correction and high speed 
modulation. Our people are very creative, 
free thinking individuals who look beyond 
obvious solutions to find advanced, 
innovative ways to meet the demanding 
needs of this indust.ry. 

To help keep new ideas fl owing, 
we've made sure that all career paths are 
flexible. Our engineers, for instance, are 
assigned to projects depending on their 
interests and abilities. As one assignment 
is completed, new opportunities are made 
available in a variety of areas. 

Because our project.s are very diverse 
and complex, we utilize the most advanced 
equipment. available. And our staff is 
comprised of professionals with a wide 
range of expcrti e. 

Our company is expanding rapidly, 
and we're constantly looking for talented 
people interested in communications 
systems, digital hardware or software 
engineering. We have positions available 
in San Diego, Boston and Washington, D.C. 

On Campus Interviews 
Friday, October 14 

Please contact your College 
Placement. Office to arrange an interview 
appointment. If you are unable to meet 
wit.h our representatives. please forward 
your resume with college transcripts to: 
DeJUlis Vincent, MIA-COM L1NKABIT, 
3033 Science Park Road, 'San Diego. 
CA 92121. 

ff-M/A-COM UNKAIIT, INC. 
EQual Opportunlty / 
AUirmatlve Action Employer 

med ical community lear that regIOnalized 
ca re will change paticnt referra l patterns 
and result In a loss of Income to hospitals 
and physicians. 
LOS ANGELES-UCLA is a safer place 
to be, thanks to a new Emergency 
Reporting System which automatically 
summons campus police within 
minutes. The emergency reporting 
stations are housed in bright blue, shell-
shaped hoods mounted on posts. 
resembling phone booths. Each station 
is clearly marked "Emergency UCLA 
Police: The Emergency Reporting 
System was developed for UCI.A and 
installed by Northern Telecom, Inc., as 
part of the new telephone system 
recently implemented on campus. UCLA 
is believed to be the only university in 
the nation with such a reporting system . 
LOS ALAMOS-A radioacuve waste 
measurement system developed at Los 
Alamos National Laboratory has been 
named one of the year's 100 most 
signifiant technological advances. 
Industrial Research and Devt:lopment 
MagaZine announced the IR-IOO award 
this week at the Museum of Science and 
Industry tn Chicago. The inventors say 
this system may be up to 100 times 
more sensitive than others. and it's the 
only one capable of providing 
compliance with new Federal 
reqUirements for h.mdling transuranic 
WJstcs. -I he un iquc ~ySlcm allows rapid 
I1lC,ISUr,'I1lCI1l 01 "".lste sealed 111 '55-
gallon drums . and cont,lmInatcd wllh 
tr,tnSlIran Il md lonuchdcs 

H ...... ."..,TIIIIe. 
Malee written assignnents 
pro~1 and error tr~ with 
our \I\IOf'd processing ard letter 
quality printer. 
IBM. Apples & Commad ..... 
Equlpnte ... S4/hour 1& up/ in '14 
hour segments. First II.... SO% 
discount with student I.D. 
Informal advice or formal classes. 
~xt to Ralph's & above Belle'ly HIIIs~. 

453-7415 

Sell us your carl 

-PElltW-AUTO SALES 
693-1165 or 698-3736 

Ask for Joe 

----------------------------_ ...... -_I"'II"'-~~-------------... 
poems by Kristin Donnan 

JRa~~~=~--­
Afroz~ S'oaurl Jllfoir yogun aeations 
~off 

-y p.rc .... of '1 .• 01' .. re 
1131 Torrey Pilla R.I. 

.tHenc_. 
La JoUa 

~~~AnENTION~~~ 
Asian/Pacific. Black. Chicano. 
Native American, and Women 

Junior a Senior Students: 
Would you like to work with a faculty 

member In your major department. 
establish a mentor relationship. and 
perform research? If so. why not attend our 
Informational meeting and find out more 
about the Faculty Mentor Program I 

The meeting Is scheduled for FrIday, 
October 7, 1983 at 12:00 p.m. In the North 
Conference Room (Student Center). Please 
join us. For more Information please call 
extension 6708. 

r--**-jUNE:(jPSPECiAi-**---' 
I INClUDES: ~ IIOIves - most cars. N!NI plugs. service batt9!Y. check compression. check I 
I cooling system. adjust carburetor. set timing. BY APPOINTMENT. I 

: $29 $49 $59: I I 
I ~1SUN. TOYOJA. HONDA YOLYO •• c:yI~ DASHER. AUA - IOM£O - • cyI., I 
I (MOSf MODELS) RAIIIT, fW, TIIUMPH. MG 2 - CARS, IMW • -~. I 
I IMPORT CAR I 
: SUN IIEIIR=MAU REPAIR SPECIALISTS : 
: 578.8536 Engine CNerhauls, Ring & Valve Jobs. I 
l: Brake Work. Carbo CNerhaufs. Clutches. I 555-C Black Mountaln Road COMPlETE SERVICE. J 

-------------------------------

~E~niirog'ID' ~~~'~~If~you;;~a;re~a registered 
C7 student or post-doc. 

c>- you are eligible to: 
C7 

"Cover Your BOO" 
with 

Student 
Health and 

Accident Insurance 
Includes Major Medical Benefits 

Student Premium $41.70 Spouse $52.40 Chlldfen $52.40 
~Quamw ---------------

Information and appilcaHons are available at the 
Student Health Center - "2·2123 

lNUIOnce Representative's Hours Monday thru Thursday. 1:00 - 4:30 



10 Ott"/,,, l>, /983 

The Padres suffered rh rough another twisted 
season. 

By PHIL LAUDER 
At the outset of the 1983 baseball 

season, many experts predicted that the 
up-and-comi ng club in San Diego would 
playa prominent role in the playoff 
drama right down 10 the last week. Well . 
that they did. but the Padres would have 
preferred the lead part. As it tumed out, 
San Diego was Out of the race well in 
advance of july's All-Star break, and the 
team's sole influence on the playoffs was 
in battling Los Angeles and Atlanta 
during the final week. 

The season ended satisfactorily with 
the Padres taking the final two series of 
the year against the Western Division 's 
two best teams. Particularly satisfylllg 
was last Thursday's doubleheader sweep 
of the Dodgers before 26,000 
enthusiastic fans . It was obvious that the 
Padres, 12-6 against their northem 
rivals, were very happy to keep LA from 
the National League West title for 
another day. The follOWing night. 
however. San Diego decided matters by 
knocking off the Braves, 3-2, allowing 
the Dodgers 10 regalll the crown they 
had lost laS! year. Saturday night's ten 
inning. 4-3 viclOry over Atlanta clinched 
San Diego's second consecutive .500 
season wh~le displaying a wealth of new 
talent, leaVing the light of hope burning 
for the 198+ season. However, that light 
had seemed JUSt as bright for this 
season. And something went wrong. 

After the '82 campaign, San Diego 
looked to have aD the ingredients for a 
successful '83. The starting rOtation 
featured 16-game winner Tim Lollar, 
juan Eichelberger and rising young 
hurlers Dave Dravecky and Eric Show. 
The bullpen featured several strong 
perfonners in Gary Lucas, Luis DeLeon 
and Aoyd Chiffer. The starring line-up 
was sound both offensively and 

Padres' light of hope bums out 
Five hundred mark,Jourth place disappointing - but hopes renew for '84 

defenSively. with power provided by AII-
Star catcher Terry Kennedy and 
outfielders SixlO Lezcano, joe Lefebvre 
and Ruppert jones. New stars Alan 
Wiggins and Tony Gwynn looked [0 
shine bnghtly in '83. And then came the 
signing of All-Star All-Smiles Steve 
Garvey, securing the right Side of the 
infield and providing veteran leadership 

between the mixing bowl and the oven, 
and the ingredients just didn't qUite 
blend. Eichelberger and Lefebvre 
departed early in the year; Lezcano left 
111 midseason after a dismal 
performance. as dismal as that of j ones. 
And then there was Garvey's II1jUry, 
which came after he had set the longest 
NL consecutive game streak, but which 

crop from an exceUent Vegas farm club. 
Nevertheless. what had been a better-

than-average hitting-for-average line-up 
filllshed in the middle of the National 
League pack with a .250 compOSite. 
while only the Mets had a worse 
slugging percemage. 

As for pitching, Dravecky foUowed in 
Lollar's tracks of the year before by 
nying through the first half of the 
season , only 10 fade down the backside . 
Lollar slipped into anonymity wllh a 7-
12 record . while Show led the team with 
15 victories_ Surprising Mark Thurmond 
pitched weU down the stretch. 
compiling an impressive 7-3 record . 

But the most telling performance of 
the year was that of the bullpen, and as 
the bullpen went. so went the Padres. 
The relief corps was a catastrophe in 
April. leading the team head first imo 
the ceUar for a short time. Soon, 
however. Lucas , DeLeon and Co. 
reVIved. joined by Sid Monge (acqUIred 
from Philadelphia). the group settled 
down and became downright good; the 
combmed bullpen earned run average 
for one long stretch was under 1.00. 
And the Padres noated upward. right 
Into third place. Then the relievers 
cooled orf, and the team nestled itsel f 
comfonably into fourth place . where it 
rcmall1ed to the bittersweet end. 

It's always benefiCial to have a "rr:lax.td" ttam but maybt a lillie more work and a lillie less play 
was needed in '83. 

FOUr! h pl ace was indeed a 
disappointment. In 1982, at least, the club 
was in a race much of the year before 
fadi ng; the '83 version faded early and was 
never reaUy in it . Despite identical won-
lost records. the 1983 Padres were not as 
exciting as the 1982 baD club. 

for a squad lacking in thaI department . 
His PR image did nothing to hurt the 
dub, either. 

The ingredients were there, and 
people knew it. The most prestigious of 
early season predictiOns came from the 
Los Angdes Times, which picked the 
Padres to carry the NL West banner. 

Obviously something happened 

destroyed hopes for breaking Lou 
Gehrig's record sometime in the 1989 
season. The new stars did brighten the 
1983 outlook. with Wiggins ripping ofT 
a dub-record 66 bases and Gwynn 
providing fans with allO(her record, a 
league-leading 25-game hitting streak. 
Bobby Brown came from nowhere (i .e. 
Las Vegas) 10 lunher ignite the 
basepaths and highlight a promising 

So now comes the perr:nnial "Wait 
Til Next Year" cry, a requirement of 
every look-back-at-the-season-and-
lament article. ReaDy, 1984 should be 
better. ReaDy. the team has outstanding 
youth that is coming forth . ReaDy. only a 
few acquisitions in key positions wiu 
make the San Diego Padres a contender. 
Really .... 

Oh well. This team did take 12 of 16 
from the Dodgers. So there. 

Come Enjoy This Year's 
First S.A.B. 

BAReBeQ 
All you can eat 

food and "beverages" 
for only $2.00!! 

Saturday, October 8 
Rec Gym Patio 
2:00 to 4:00 pm 

FREEl I I 
After a good inexpensive meal you can use your ticket stub to get 
into the Women's Volleyball game at 4:00, which would otherwise 
cost you $1.00. So for $2.00 you can be entertained by an exciting 

UCSD vs. Division I USD volleyball match and eat all your 
stomach can hold. DON'T MISS OUT! 

TIckets at UCSD Box OfIIce: 452-4559 sponsored by the Sports Activity Board 



out of the 
into the sunshinel 
Purchase a discount ticket package (save 30% over the 
sing.le game price) fo(all home games of the Men's and 
Women's Basketball and Volleyball Intercollegiate Teams 
and you are instantly eligible for a drawing to ... 

IN A 
CHRISTMAS 

BREAK-AWAY 
to the TROPICS 

Discount ticket packages will be sold at the Intercollegiate Athletic. 
booth at The Fall festival on the Green on friday. October 7. 11-4 pm. 

campus recreation * intercollegiate athletics * dept. of physical ec:IuC.:JTIC)r 

Running Thoughts 
By JEFF SAVAGE & MIKE GREENBERG 
WHAT'S GOING ON HERE DEPT. The Fall Classic is suddenly upon us once again, 
and this year's entrants don't appear to be as formidable as teams in years past. 
Instead of the exciting Oakland A's of the early 70s, with Reggie Jackson, Joe Rudi , 
Gene Tenace, CatfISh Hunter and Vida Blue, we get the Chicago White Sox with Rudy 
law, Ron Kittle and a couple of pitchers named Bums and Dolson. Instead of Yankee 
pinstripes we get the Birds. Instead of the Big Red Machine with Johnny Bench, 
George Foster, Tony Perez, Pete Rose and Joe Morgan (in their heyday) we get the 
Dodgers, who snuck to the top of the West and watched as the other five dubs played 
In the mud. Instead of the Big Lumber Co. of Pittsburgh, with Manny SanguiDen, AI 
Oliver, Roberto Clemente and ~illie SurgeD, we get Rose and Morgan in their old age. 
Only MIke Schmidt can be cOrlStdered a solid playoff-caliber player. LA fans know this 
was not a good year for the Dodgers, and Philly fans should be downright embarrassed 
to be representing the NL East. At least the American League dubs are decent. Oh weB, 
play ball. 
WAIT A MINUTE DEPT. Once again, it seems as if San Diego Clipper fans wiD get 
the short end of the stick. For the third year in a row, San Diego has failed to sign its 
first round draft pick, Byron Scott (Tom Chambers In '82 and Michael Brooks in '81 
were also hold-outs). Without Scott, the Clippers wiD have a backcourt tandem of Craig 
Hodges and newly acquired Btlly McKinney. An NBA backcourt? A Continental League 
backcourt? Give us a break. Better yet, give Clipper fans a break and sign Scott. 
ON THE AIRWAVES DEPT. Last issue we talked about San Diego's radio sports 
personalities. This time we would like to take it a step further by discussing the TV 
sports personalities. Again, there isn't much to recommend . Although he is being 
phased out of station plans, Hal Clement, KFMB's back-up man 10 Ted Leimer, is by 
far the most talented in local broadcast sports. A distant second is KGTVs Mike Smith, 
who does a credible job even though he lacks charisma. Ted Leitner is the most 
entertaining, but one doesn't receive half the information that one should, because 
Uncle Ted is tOO busy talking about himself. Smith's back-up man at Channel 10 is 
Richard Saxton. His reports are atrocious, but he does make up for it by giving the 
viewer some irlSight. KCSTs Phil Stone is pathetic in more ways than one. Besides 
glaring eyes and a wet lip, Stone's ego (although not the size of Leitner'S) is evident in 
every broadcasr: he does. FinaUy, probably the worsr: spons personality we've ever seen 
is Jim L.aslovic, who unbelievably is replacing Clement at News Eight. There are many 
things wrong with the former Charger, the most evident being his laughable 
pronunciation, only topped by his inability to read a teleprompter. 

NEXT QUESTION PlEASE DEPT. AriSwer to Monday's ql.lt51ion: In whar year did 
UCSD win its first national champiorlShip, what was the sport, and who was the 
captain who was voted the narion's MVP? In 1970 the men's voIleybaD team took the 
tide, captained by Kerri Klostermann. T oday's question: Prior to 1983, when was the 

¢1'1ast time the Chicago White Sox made the Amel;ican League playoffs? Answer Monday. 

DEE SEA 

$15.00 
INCLUDES: 

.BOAT COST 
• FISHING ' TAC 
.BAIT 
• FISH BAG (DAIL Y 

POOL-OUR OWN-
NOT THE BOAT'S) 

DERBY 
LA JOLLA 

KELP BEDS 

SAT. OCT. 15 
5:30am TO NOON 

UCSD' STUDENTS 
FACULTY"& STAFF' 

DOES NOT INCLUDE: eFISHING LICENSE ($2 DAILY LICENSE 
AVAILABLE AT BOAT DOCK) 

eTRANSPORTATION TO .. FROM DOCK 

Sip ............. 11K G". 0fRce 
BY 4,. TBU.S. OCT. 1 a 

Department 01 Phyalca1 Education 

OUtl/>a 6, 1983 13 
.... PUR I .... 

Athlete 
of the 
Week 

DANA GRIESEN 
Even though they are technicaBy considered a Division U1team, the men's'warer 

polo squad is ranked 14th in the nation in Division l. The contribution of two meter 
man Dana Greisen has been an integral part of the team's success thus far. Greisen, a 
junior hole-setter, had a brilliant weekend at Sunford and Berkeley in the Nor-Cal 
Tournament while his team was dropping three of four matches. Against the 12th 
ranked Air Force Academy, Greisen scored twice to lead the Tritons to their lone win 
of the tourney. He then scored three goals against seventh ranked Loyola of Chicago 
and completed the weekend with a four-goal performance against number one 
ranked UC Berkeley. Greisen now has 15 goals on (he season . 

- ...... sports Slate--
Friday, Oct 7 - Saturday, Oct. 8 - Women's soccer, All-Cal Tournament at UC 

Irvine . 
Friday, Oct. 7 - Saturday, Oct. 8 - Men's soccer, All-Cal Tournament at UC 

Berkeley. 
Saturday, Oct. 8 - Women's volleyball vs. USD, at home, 4 pm. 
Saturday, Oct 8 - Men's and women's cross country vs. Loyola Marymount 

and USD. at home, 11 am. 
Saturday, Oct. 8 - Sunday, OCt. 9 - Men's water polo hosts Triton Invitational 

Tournament. 
Sunday, Oct. 9 - Men's and women's fencing hosts San Diego Benefit 
Thursday, Oct. 13 - Women's volleyball vs. Azusa Pacific, away, 7 pm. 
Thursday, Oct. 13 - Women's soccer vs. San Diego State , away, 7:30 pm. 

The Ottice cA Campus Recreation 
& (BUD UCjpf! I present: 
Annual Fall Festival 
on the Green 

Friday. october 7 
11 a.m. - 10 p.m. 

featuring: 

lG, & Dancing Under the Stars 
with the SIers Bros. 

Saturday. October 8 
Triathlon. 2 ... 11. Fun Run 
Entry forms and info available at OCR 
Take the Plunge Be Trl-Itt 

CAMPUS RECREATION Department cI PhysIcoI Education ~7 



• 

"'PORI'" 

Water poloers stay afloat 
By ROBERT GEYER 

ups and downs are what the UCSD 
water polo team is aU about. Last Friday 
and Saturday, UCSD travelled north to 
the Nor-Cal tournament held at UC 
Berkeley and Stanford. They looked 
awesome when they beat Air Force and 
barely lost to Berkeley, but merely 
mediocre in their losses to Stanford and 
Loyola of Chicago. 

Being one of the lower-ranked teams, 
their schedule certainly did not help. 
They were scheduled to play Stanford at 
9 am on Friday. They arrived at 8:30 
and were promptly told that the staning 
time had been changed and that they 
were supposed to play at 8. Stanford 
was there , warmed up and waiting. As 
Coach Denny Harper puts it, "BasicaUy. 
we just hopped in , put our caps on and 

.. 

played: The outcome was obVIOUS. 
Without a warm-up. UCSD was slow 
and uncoordinated. They were soundly 
beaten by the quick Stanford team. 14-2. 

UCSD was down but nowhere near 
out. In their game against Air Force 
(ranked 12th nationaDy; UCSD is 
ranked 14th) they showed how they 
were capable of performing. After the 
Tritons played so poorly against 
Stanford. Harper said , -We reaDy gm 
psyched up to beat Air Force: and beat 
them they did . The game was close 
throughout, and with 35 seconds left , 
the score was tied 7-7. It was Air Force's 
ball. They set up and shO(, but the ball 
was blocked by goalie Duncan Millar. 
UCSD blasted down the pool and 
scored . With 16 seconds left, A,ir Force 

PRECISION 
HAIRCUTS 

for men" women 
Wit. ,_ C_".. 0...". 

Offer expiree 10/13/83. 

737 Pearl 456-1170 
La Jolla 456-1815 
-----------------~--------$10 PRECISION I PERM $29.50 HAIRCUT I Long Hair Extra. 

~-------------------for men & women I 
Shampoo. condition, cut. 

(Blowdry not included.) 
: MANICURE $5 

Today, a law degree can be the most 
valuable asset for moving from mid!Ie to 
top mana~nt. And at Na~ l!niver-
sity, San Diego, you can begDl studies 
now for the joint Master of Business 
Administrabon and Doctor of Jurispru-
dence degree. 

We've buih our School of Law around 
the special needs of middle managers 
who are ready to take an important next 
step in their careers. AU courses are 
conducted in the evening. And the faculty 
consists of judges and attorneys who 
practice what they teach. 

Perhaps a law degree can help you 

advance to top management. For axnpIele 
infonnation on our MBAlJD prognm, 
arrange a personal interview with Dean 
Todd Bradley at the School of Law, 
National University. San Diego. call 
(619) 563-7310. 
School of Law accredited by the Committee of 
Bar Examiners of the Stlte Bar of CaIifonU. 

Changing the course of education. 

.01lonal ..... 1, 
S.Dlego 

Ao.ndited by We-stem Auoaabon of Schools and c..0IItah. 

ThuBday 
(10/6) 

presef1.~ $ DRAFT" tOm 6-9 with host Russ T. NeItz 
'MIo will ~ ;vtns tIMI( .. tidIets to the 

Cherger/5attlc 9IIM plus "A ~ on the lO'Ml" 
(induda .. dinner fOr II ~ Do<;.~s, '$SO bar ~ 

at the Rodeo, plus .. IinDusinc courtay d 
Paul the Gruk!) 

FrtdaY & saturday 
(10/1 & 8) 

ClublaJld 
ClubJand ,' , 

/ 11X Sunday 50's HIJht BettIe of the Bands • Rowl.d #2 (10/9) / 

. '. 

Tuadly & Wednadey 
(10/11-" 12) 

Thc~ .. 'et9Pm ,/ ' 

gOt 011 one more shot Again it was 
blocked, and UCSD was victorious 8-7. 

Their next game was Saturday at 7 am 
against Berkeley (ranked first nationaUy). 
Harper said, "We played a great game 
with great defense; even our new 
offense was working reaDy weU." Again it 
was a close game, and with )() seconds 
left Cal was up 8-7 and in possession. 
They shot, but the baD didn't quite go 
in. San Diego came down the pool and 
would have been in an exceUem scoring 
position to tie the game and force an 
overtime situation, but by a fluke the 
baD was knocked tnto the UCSD goal. 
The game ended 9-7 in favor of Cal. 

San Diego's final game, against Loyola 
of Chicago, was at 9 am, only one hour 
after the UCB game. For Loyola it was 
their first game of the day. A 
combination of exhaustion and , as 
Harper put it, "just terrible officiating" 
caused UCSD to put forth a rather poor 
performance. Junior Dana Greisen said, 
"We were just too tired to play Loyola, 
so Denny substituted freely to work the 
non-staners." The final score was 14-9 

to end a very positive tournJl1lcm III 
mediocre lash ion. 

Coach Harper was more than pleased 
with hiS team's performance, Saying, 
"We are playing a hell of a lot better 
now than earlier this year." He is 
looking forward to taking first and 
second place with his varsiry and junior 
varsity teams in the upcoming Triton 
toumame", on OCl 8 at UCSD's new 
pool. However, Harper's real goal is the 
home game on Oct. 14 at 3:00 pm 
against Stanford. Harper says, "Up north 
we got blasted when we played them, 
but here in our backyard, that won't 
happen: Greisen, echoing Denny's 
words, said , 'We can beat Stanford, 
because I think we're the better team, 
and a big home crowd would reaUy 
help." 

Duncan Millar added , "We are really 
looking forward to our home pool 
rematches against the big teams." The 
Tritons have been playing much better 
and have the ambition, but the key to 
success, It appears , will be the comfort 
of home. 

CytogenetiC Technologists 
An exciting, fast-gr'O\tling. start-up medical S9fVJce 
company based in La Jolla has immediate openings 
for Cytogenetic Technologists. Three years expet1ence 
in cell culture. chromosome preparatlo.1 and analysis 
of cells from amniotic fluid, products of conception, 
bonEHnarrow, blood, skin and other tissues is required, 
BS degree and certification preferred. Ideal pr0-
fessional WOIklng conditions. Premium compensation. 
Please send resume to: 

Strand, Gill, Strohm & Associates 
- 1005 So/ymar DrIve 

La Jolla, Ca. 9203 7 

. ILL-YO -CAli-EAT 

.... ~.CHI.II. IU"IT __ _ 

C'los tnt tes11) 

LUNCH BUFFET '385 5med 7 cia,.. opeoinc to 3:l1 pm 
DINNER .BUFFET '425 Semel 7 .,.. 3:l1 pm to doIiDc 

The Longest-LasIng. Most-AppetIzing Treat 
"'I.III~ WHlCHCOSTSMORE? 

o TWO DORM-SIZE PIZZAS 
o FOUR 6-PACKS 
o SOUTHWESTERN CABlE TV A MONTH. 
They aI cost about the ICIm8. $11M 0 month. That's the 
Southwestern Coble TV upriIeI Cryata clear reception of 
San DIego and los ArQeI8I stattona. ESPN. MTV, and manv 
more specialty aervIcea. And. the optton to add Home Box 
Offtce and stereo I8Mce (0 nut fer M1VI) 
If you passed the test - COl OahJaftonll Cal UIIIf not, cal 
US 0I'PfW0(. We bale .. In second chances. 

.... 1210 
Youl be starttng the school yea off smartt 

.................................................... ......•... ... ..... 

Southw ..... n Cabl. TV 
You1 Be Slrprtsed At What You See! 

• 50% OIlnstaluloni 
695-3220 

• Offer expires Octobet 15 
Good In serviceable oreos 
oriy. primary outlet aNy. 

Congratu/ottonI and Good Luck to Slgmo KoppeJI 
...., pledgM. WeIcor.18 to the wonderful WOIIct a 
SIgma Kappa and we send our ~ willa far an 
_ceIlent p/edgeItIlp. LOI/9 and SIgma. ycu SIgma 
SIsters. (10/6) 
Hoiloween Costumes. Create VOl own unique 
COIfume trom our large se/ecflon a wigs. hots and 
old clothing Thrill Village. 7011 Lindo 'vista Rd. SO: 
750 12th. SO: 7875 BrClOdwov. lemon Grove: 300 W 
Main. EI Cojon (10/ 27) 
Welcome to the KSOT orl9nlOlIon meellng 1hursdav. 
Oct 6 7:00 pm North Conference Rm ~one 
welcome (10/6) 
V1tuoI M Students. Wont an opportunity to show 
yOOf wak? Contact Jennifer at 459-5842 todaVll 
(10/6) 
PPGIW/CRNT religious study at SOSU r-x 
voluntam for Content Analysis Workshop Call 265-
8111 (Rich). (10/6) 
~ Is invited to donee and party IoIIth the 
Aam/ng Hibachis and the 0ddI. Soturda)' Oct. 8. 9-
12 pm. ReIreIIvnents and bar w/ID S3 at the MIIIlan 
Bay Yacht Club. 1350 EI Cormet Place 011 Mission Bay 
Dr. near Belmont Park.( 10/6) 
So you don·t go to Muir? So wI1oI1 Come a:-/oI way to 
tile MuIr BIble Study tonight/Apt. R-610 pm (10/6) 
KSDT OI1entotton meeting TOO,,- Oct. 6 - North 
Conference Room Find out about joining. 7:00 pm, 
(1016) 
Thurs. Thurs. TOO,,- Muir BIble StudV. Muir /tf:A R-6 10 
pm The fnendlast people aound Come and _ 
(1016) 
FontO$V gomeoos. are you looking far' 0 DM. and 
w/tllng to toy 0 __ game Call Mark at 274-4587. 
(10/10) 
Applications being accepted bv NSF far' Grad a: 
Mtnortty Grad fellowships. AM top ICIence Mnlon a: 
1st yr. gradsellglble. App-1'art 1 (1HtNo:N. 23. t983 
& mav be pldced up In OGSR. 103 /!C. (10/6) 
,.,.. you /nIerelled In a COl .1POign a Wlzordt" World 
01 .., at c:onventlonl COlI I\i1art( at 274-4587. 
(10110) 

Do you erPv the outdOOrS? If 10. come to the SIerra 
Club mwtilg ll"lur1daf 7:00 pm, 2nd ftoof Student 
CIr. (1016) 

CorvlIl EtectfIc Stereo Guitar. Exlnt Cand. $180 . .Jell 
942-5463 (10/10) 
Unlv City Well End 4 BR. 1 ~. BA. attroc. HomeAssum 
11 ".,,. VA Loon. Real bargoinS139.<XXl 455-7195 No 
agents. (10/13) 
VW Bug 1968 rebuilt engine clutc h. ~ brakes 
paint. runs great. malee oller. 436-9139 E~Ings. 
(10/ 6) 
Desk f:lJt(26" wood drawers eoccellent condition. 450-
1390 9om-9pm. S60 ftrm (10/6) 
10 speed men'. bike 23" framegoodconcltion. 450-
1390 9oo"Mpm $100 nrm. (10/6) 
VW 71 Super Beetle. eocce/lent coodtlon. S1 .<XXl. 
ceo. Stereo. new brolces. big engine (1600). recent 
vave job (2Il.<XXl mllel ago) - must seIl - moving. 
Jod( 755-&327 oller 5:30 P'T\. (10/6) 
Portapolc \/Ideo COSIeIt. - UIed once tor 
documentary 41<CS Sony 20 min &. 1KCS 3M 30 min 
S10e0 Rob 755- ]()75 onc3673 Iea\/e message. (10/6) 

. 

10-speecI Ck.lbman bike! VeMoN 21 W. good 1Iq)e. 
reliable. great campus comrruter - mornsI-

481~. (10/10) 
T ~a 1970 SprInter New l1rel, 36rrpg. great 
transportation S5OO/belt ctfvr. DaIle _ 7"!;.> 7917. 
(10/10) 
SIngle Wc1er Bed. healer. IIIIIng attoctvnents. great 
shope. belt oller. Azukl ten speed S65obo 755-7705. 
(10/10) 

0\I8ISEAS ..cas - Summer 1 year round. &lope. S. 
AlTa .. AuIfIatIo. Asia. AJ F/eIdI. S6r0$12OO rTlOrlINV. 
SIgI'iHllIg. FnIe Info, wrtte 1JC 8a< 52 - CA - 19 
Corona Del Mar. CA 92625. (10/27) 
Help Wonted. NoN occeptIng appUcatlons far pert 

time poIInu., wonung WITn cop,itng mac:NneI. 
Klnk,'-, c:opieI88M VItIa La Jolla Dr. (fO/6) 

WORD PROCESSING - Top Quolity Work. 
~DiIs. Exper. 0/1 tormats. Topes/EdIt. Vlsto. n6-
3067.(10/13) 
Star Words typing & word processing. 9580 8Ik. M1n. 
Rd. St-G. Term papers. thales. 011 typing 57!-4041 . 
( 10/6) 

House far Rent clole to oompus. 5 bedroom. 2 both. 
S1000/mo. 584-5940. (10110) 

Dear Helmut - RaNI ore red. IIIoIets are blue. teddy 
bears ore cute. and 10 ore vou" Your Bed buddy 
(10/6) 
Controtulotlorl$ and good luCk to tile belt pledge 
doss at ucso Welcome lOIIO. BIaira. T ami. lheresa. 
EliZabeth. Sarah. Didi. Heather. Robin. MaggIe. 
Karen. Kelly. Tracy. l(lm and Pom. . .To SIgma ICoppatIl 
(10/6) 
Marta. Dede. Laurie. Michelle. Relko and 011 the rest. 
Ralph has returned trom his ieoYe a obIenc:e and 
would love to heM! YOJr pr~ 01 on apartment 
warming Friday Oct. 7 452-5899 (10/6) 
Hey Mllce. Wes. Eric. Mllee. Paul and the rest cJ tile 
1980-81 AAGO 5 Hell roisers. The Splne/eu.Jel11llsti hoi 
retuned and would Wke your pr-.1C8 at on 
apartment warming. Frl Oct. 7. 452-5899. (10/6) 
What sneaks around before noon each da)'. 
bringing jay to another to her1IIf contenm A SIgma 
Koppo big sister during ~ WeektEr4d,o ~ery 
Week SIg Kap pIedgeI - and pn!pOreto meet ycu 
big sill (10/6) 
Thcncs SlgKops farycu Nme.~.~. and 
contIdenoe In malelng MIl kJn and aucx:eatul. 

Burroughs Corporation, a world leader in the electronics baaed 
infonnation systems industry, Is ready for the future. We are firmly 

established In one of the most promls.lng growth industries of our time 
. . . we have addressed all of the essentlaJa - human resoun::es, technology and 

customers - constructively and comprehensively. 
Our principal revenues 

are derived from the sale of infonnation systems, 
equipment services, media products, 

special purpose products 
.--- and services. as well as 

Our products '"C'o~ ~=:. ~~~ 1.'. 
include computen, f 
office automation ayatema, computer 
baaed system II, peripheral devtces, 
and a range of appllcallons aoflware 
products and proIa.Ionai aervices. 
BuI1"lRlgha' ongoing aucceu In the desf8n, engineering, 
manufacturing, marketing a~rt of Information systems 
anc;I related equipment haa In opportunities for top graduates In: 
• Computer Science • Electrical EngIneering • Chemical Engineering 

ON CAMPUS INTBRVlBW8 
October 18 
See your college pI_IJe111 office 10 ..,.ange an Interview. 

An Affirmative "",Ion I!mpIcJ!Ier MIl" 

bulineu fonna 
and supplies. 

Burroughs 

(1016) 
Here', to the B'daV gil - H<:Ipj:7( 20th Stadl LIN. 
Donna a: MaIOOne. (10/6) 
I\i1art( a: Phil ... Hope you guys are reoctt to get 
kar.-ned this Saturda)'. we'. see who's dust ... LA 
(10/6) 

BlenIiHools IlMwlthOUllllaOkll? l'vetn8dtonndyOU 
- where heM! vou ~? Come I7t' N2 OK? Undo. 
(10/6) 
To; anyone who _ come to Mulr/J R: sBlble Stuc:t,I 
- Ifs bock tonight. Oct. 6. Apt. R-6. 10 pm. (10/6) 
To Young Wong a Wilderness ""'-. HOlle a terrfflc 
dayl Don't farget Frida)' - From ycu bed l:>udct(1 
( 10/6) 
Joanno - I'm sa glad you p ledged Alpha Ombon 
Pi & I'm proud to have you a s a IItI1e slsterl Alpha 
Love. ~ncy. ( 10/6) 
Maggie. Friday night and Saturday will be a blaSt 
You're the greatest III sis a Sig Kap could ask tor. Lots 
of lave to you. Your Big SIS XO. ( 10/ 6). 
Blairl!. congrats ond welcome r m really glad you're 
my Iii sis. See you Saturday. l ove your Sigma SIS )(0. 
(10/6) 
Come to the FrIends a the Sierra Club meeting 
tonight at 7 pm In Game Rm. 1. Care far tile 
environment. (10/6) 
Alpha 0mIcr0'1 Piwarmlycongratulal8ll.sZi pledge 
das$: Kathy. Suzanne. Julie. Magar>ne. Helena. 
.Jooma. Lytys. Danamlchele. Holly. and Monica. 
We're proud to call you our sistetSl Alpha LO<I8. 
Lambda leta Chapter. (10/6) 
MarIe Collin - Hey big ~. what's up? Surprise! Your 
bed buddy WOI II'Iinking obou1 you. Holle a good 
one! (10/6) 
Congratulations to the awesome women a ZI 
pledge classlHI ROleS. Nancy. (1016) 
Wheell H<:Ipj:7( BirthdoV. Teel Hope tomonow puts 
you in the clouds. with me. L<MI Peeper. (10/6) 
There was a young man from UCSO 
Whose goals were spaced out. vou see. 
But he attended the programs a WONfD 
And wtII1 the intormation he got he vowed. 
A rich mHiionaife soon he would be. (1016) 
Roses 019 red 
Violets are blue 
WONED', got the ~ far youl (10/6) 
One small STEP lor UCSO stucIenh. 
one giant SlEP tor VOl Iutura (10/6) 

kinko's (Opi~S 

~~~ 
Qet va- cIaII 
""Igi noM 

ReducIIcn • MoIlIng LobeIa 
BIndIng • PaIIport PhotcI 

Typing • 8M CopIeI 
ep.t7 .... 

8855 VIla La Jolla Dr. 
a7.J77I 

(near Ralph't/Sav<>n) 



.. 

SCURI 
The Student Center for 

VndeTgTaduate ReseaTCh & lnnomtion 

The Student Center for Undergraduate 
Research & InnotJation has extended its deadline 
for the submittal of grant proposals for the Fall '83 
quarter. The final date to tum in SCURI 
proposals is noon on October I3. Submittals may 
be dropped off at the SCURI office in the Student 
Center. Persons wanting more information on 
SCURI grant guidelines can leatJe their name and 
number by calling X4450 between 9:00 am ana 
4:00 pm. 

SCURI is also looking for new members to 
contribute a few hours a week to run the 
organization as well as sit on committees for 
proposal evaluation. Interested student and faculty 
members are urged to contact the above number or 
stop by the SCURI office and leatJe a message. 

------------------ - ----- ~----

~ ~-~--------=--=-----=-===----- ~ - - --=---:=.....=:=...=-- --..::- = , 
-- -- ~ -- -- ------ -- -~ - -----

C()MI~" 
• TT".CTI(),..,S 

~' 
ilL 
4{j-'·~~C)~ 
Introductory Special 

witlt tltis tUl o,dy 

$12 Haircuts for students 
with selected hairstylists 

regularly $22 (women) 
$19 (men) 

8950 Villa La Jolla Dr. 
Suite 1122 

La Jolla, Ca. 92037 
Olfrr 101 12183 

Before We Put You In ChllIe Of 'I1le WorId's 
Most Sopbisticated Nuclear IfpdPDlent, 

We Put You Thro The World's 
Most Sophisticated TrainiDI. 

I t takes more than 16 
months of intensive 
training to become a 
fully qualified officer in 
the Nuclear Navy. You 
begin with four months 
of leadership training. 
Then as a Navy officer 
you get a full year of 
graduate-level training 

that most of the men 
who operate the 
reactors in private 
industry started in the 
Nuclear Navy.) 

I t takes more time 
and more effort to 
become an officer in the 
Nuclear Navy. But the 
rewards are greater, too. 

unavailable anywhere else at any price. 
Navy training is based on more than 

1900 reactor-years of experience. Right 
now the Navy operates over half the 
nuclear reactors in America. And the 
Navy's nuclear equipment is the most 
sophisticated in the world. That's why 
your Navy training is and must be the 
most sophisticated in the world. 

The rewards can begin as early as 
your junior year in college. Qualify, and 
the Navy will pay you approximately 
$1000/month while you finish school. 

As an officer in the Nuclear Navy, 
you have decision-making authority 
immediately. You get important manage-

After four years, with regular 
promotions and salary increases, you can 
be earning as much as $40,500. That's on 
top of a benefits package that includes 
medical and dental care, and 30 days' 
vacation earned every year. More 
responsibility, more money, more future. 
So, if you're majoring in math, 

ment responsibility 
fast. Because in the 
Navy, as your knowl-
edge grows, so does 
your responsibility. 

Your training and 
experience place you 
among the country's 
most qualified profes-
sionals. (No surprise 

r ;;V~~;;U;;-T;- - - - -; ;;; , 
I I FORMATION CENTER I P.o . Box 5000. Clifton . NJ 07015 I 0 Please send me more information about I 
I becoming an officer in t he Nuclear Navy. (0N I I Name'----,=-_"':"m':"':,,-:-;;:::::-:-_-.-= __ 
I F'r<ilt I PIf'8 f' P rint I I .. ", I Addr"," Apt ", __ 
I City S,atp Z,p_ I 
I Agp tC'nile!!d l ' n".r-;'ty I 

; Yp"r in loile!!" t C;PA I I .\I. IClrl \"n()r ______ ~_ 
I f'hnnp Suml,..r I IAru (,"tt., Bt .. t Tlmr llJ clJ! 
I ThiS i fur ,.,·",.r.1 "'(rUllm(nt lnf.nOlatl''" YmJ du n~lt h.", t I hJrnl. h any Qf I hf" lnforrna":'lon n~u 1t-d Of ,·uu~ lh mor,. "t kn(l~ Ih4' mN1' \\.f un h(Olp hI d('tNlnln lhl' kind" 0' ~o\ly 1'" I J L ~ f::h'::':':::'::" _____ _ 

engineering or the 
physical sciences, and 
you want to know more 
about a future in 
nuclear power, fill in 
the coupon. 

Today's Nuclear 
Navy is an opportunity 
like no other in the 
world. 

Navy OBicers Get BesponsibilltyFast. 

Ae1\t \ st"U \01'8 
,."l"p 019 lfonelJ' 

/folley' 
Moneyl /follelJ' 
Moneyl 

Moneyl Moneyl 
Moneyl 
Moneyl 

Budgetary 
Worksbop 
Budgetary Workshop on 
October 12, 1983 li"om 
5:00-5:30 and 5:30-6:00 in 
the Multi-Purpose Room. 
One Representative from 
each organization is re-
qaated to attend. rorms 
may be picked up at the 

. Workshop. 

Dates for BUdget 
Hearings 
Mon. 10/17 ...... 9-12/1-5 
Tues. 10/18 ... . . .. 4:30-9 
Wed. 10/19 ...... 9-12/1-5 

First Decision posted on 
rrklay, October 21st .. 

Appeal Hearings 
Monday the 24th 
Tuesday the 25th 
Times posted with First 
Decision ... 

Final Decision will go to 
Council on the 26th ... Posted 
on the 28th in the Student 
Organizations Office. 

It is very important that 
each organization applying 
for monies have a 
representative at the 
Workshop. 

rorms must be tamed In 
1'IarIe1ta, stamped, re-
ceived and processed 
before your bearing time. 

The forms must go to the 
Activity fee Board before 
hearing time so please try 
ttl tum them in the day 
before or at least the 
morning before your 
hearing. Some hearings may 
take longer than 15 
minutes but the Board will 
try to stay on schedule as 
much as possible. 

If you have any questions 
call x4083 and ask for 
Marietta. 



An Arts Magazine Serving the UCS Community 
Vol. 4, No.2 0:1.6,1983 

Gene Roddenberry at UCSD 



The Magazine 
of the '80s 

rAIIDr 
A/'I)Rr;W KWH 

Ass adMe ArIa r.dItor 
JOH" "1:1: 

Wrtla'l 

5 

!'tIKr: AH". JAI'I BRr:s -
1AUr:R. CHRISTOfHr:R CNtOIZ. 
JOM ro~RG. ROftAHU. M.s. 
Hum (GIJdaIIng). rAllL !'t. 
JO"I:5, CLYDl:ftr: I'IU 

lcIItortal 451·34fi6 
Adftrdl'" 451·.J4U 
Hi~t&u is publisll~ tVtry 

Thursday of tilt Khool yar as a 
su pplemtnt to tile UCSD 
GUAIIlIAI'I. Reproduction or use 
without written permission of III)' 
portion 01 tills magulne Is a D0-
no. We welcome ulsollclted 
letters. maNl5Crlpts and artwork. 
but assume no ~blllty for 
tbe return of such. Send 
Information to: 

HIATUS 
IHH 6. La Jolla 

ca .. 92093 

And that s Iht fact. Jackl 

Contents· 
Cover: Gene Roddenberry. 
creator of Star Trek will be at 
ucso tonight to offer an orgy of 
photos. words and background 
on the popular series. The story 
runs on page 5. 

TGlr! . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. rage 1 
looking for something to do this 

rrtday? Try the TO at the hump. M.S. 
Hunt gives us a discourse on the 
bachanalia and revelry we have 
grown to know and love. 

'Under fire' .......... rage" 
Orion pictures will offer a free 

sneak preview of their forthcoming 
movie Under fire tomorrow about 
Journalists in Nicaragua. 
Christopher Canole offers 
background on the film. 

l'IandevIUe ........... rage" 
"Young American Artists II" will 

open tomorrow at the Mandeville 
Art Gallery. The show. surprisingly. 
focuses on works by young, 
American painters and sculptors. 

look Rmew rage 4 
AssoJted Ylayl Report rage 4 

GoiDgs 011 rage 7 

University Book.tore 
HAS YOUR FREE SAMPLE PACK OF GENERAL FOOOS· INTERNATIONAL COFFEES 

WAITING FOR YOU. PRESENT THIS COUPON AND HAVE A TASTE ON US. 
SompIe I'octts.~ ...... bI<.t your col. boobt.- whllo ouppIiot ...... 1( ..... .,.. pock Is .... a.OIIobi< 
"')'OW <olios- _t"", ... nd tho <wpon with.-pIriod (om boIow to c.-.. Foods' 
__ .... _~ . • O.bB'~ . • __ I(q 
N.... Sdw>nI ~ 
AdcIrtH CIa.. _ 

FREE FREE 
SulplePKk 

Lumt-one request ptTcuttomrtr. 
This o/f .. exp;r.s DK<mber 16. 1983 

2 Hiatus October 6. 1983 

Thank God It's. • • 
By PI. S. HImY 

(The first. rolf of the year will be held tomorrow at 4 p.m. featuring 
the Siers IJrothers.) 

This l'rkIay marks a special anniversary In my life. It Is the tenth TGIf 
that I have attended since my arrival at UCSD a !CaIlt two years ago. I 
think It's the tenth. Maybe the 11th. Or 12th. I'm not sure. But ro's are 
neat events anyway, really nifty and keen. 

TGlf's, for those fre.shmen who are vlrgJn to the event. are open 
dances held at The Hump In front of the gym. A band plays on the steps 
d the gym. people dance In f'ront of the band. other people watch the 
people dancing, and some peoplejust get drunk and never see anything 
at aU. 

Beer gets saved to those wftIt proper Identification, which usually 
Includes cIentaI m:ords as well IS proof 01 cltlzensblp. People will oftaI 
attempt to use the I)s of others In hopes 01 obtaining some beer. WIlen 
questioned about the dllfamce between their I) photo and their actual 
race, a clever student will abacIy .. ve prepued a rdort.llke. "Oh, that 
was takeD befote the accIdent. .. 

That line usually works. If you're really dlrtng you might try III I) 
with the Hne, "Oh. that ... taken be{ofe my sex change. "This line has a 
lower success rate. 

ro's are pleumable becau.te one gets to meet one's tachersoutslde 
of the stale atmosplltle of study halls. One can dance with one's TA. ski 
with a tutor. or slam with a favorite profestor. Yes. proftslors do 
occasionally show up at such functions. usually desperately attempting 
to wade through I crowd d ,..ty, dancing students byIng to get to 
claa 

Another really nifty thing about ro. Is that )'011 are .. lolled to get 
Hnashed on IRe beer and then attend lecture. Since TQs are hehlln the 
aftanoon. It Is pa1utly acceptable to mite It I live o'clock IectIft 
completely lwtIted. 11mwJng up In secUon Is generaUy frowned upon. 

Dlnelng Is pertIaps the most pleasurable actlYlty that one caa do on 
concrete. &e.R of twisting, as the friction might CIaIe tile aoIes of 
your shoes to !pOIbneousIy ignite. Yes. ros are made for mingling, 
relaxiflA, and lmense, "combat aerobics" style dIIIdng • ...,. 

M. S. liunt i.s a (mquent contributor to Ifyw MId leu ReDer hilda 
friday ct."" In hi.s life. "e'" be the one In Ute bowling 5Itoes 

r-------------------~-------------~ 

I Goilrmet Hamburgers 
Beer-Wine 

111ag ..... Daz. 

I Just buy one of these big, 
charbroiled delights, with that 
cheese melting over the side 
and all that bacon, lettuce, 
and juicy tomato, arxi we'll 
give you another one free. If 
you prefer. you can use this 
coupon offer with any of our 
ot her delicious burgers and 
sandwiches. Buy one. get 
one like it free. Jusl bring 
this coupon and tcll us you 

FREE 
Back to School 

BURGER 
It. 
---i~~C~AM~IN~O~M~L~A~RE~IN~A------

i 
:II 

~ 
" 

HIGHWAY. 

MISSION VALLEY 
SHOPI'INQ CENTER 

ave il w en you order. 291-3468 

• 
• 
• 
• 
'. • 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

• 

Offer expires 10·24-83. L _________________________ ~ _______ J 

UCSD 'Under rire' 
By CHRlSYOmr:R (MO~ 

He rose from the steaming 
foxhole. raised the barrel. took 
aim . . . The explosion of the 
Incoming artillery ripped 
through his skull and deafened 
the .!JOUnd of the camera's 
shutter release as his hand 
automatically twitched to 
capture the llnal frame. 

Under nre Is being promoted 
with a quote from Senator 
Hiram Johnson, "The first 
casualty when war comes Is 
truth." 'ronlcally one wonders If 
the sneak preview Is of a movie 
or of things to come? 

"/ guess / just saw one too many 
bodies. • ./ thought the war 
would be over sooner. flow 
many reasons do you want?" 

On April 28, 1975, Michael 
Laurent became the final 
photographer of more than 200 
to die In Vietnam. 

What compels these artists to 
forge their photographs under 
fire? Orion Pictures. the makers 
of the movie Under fire, are 
presenting a special sneak 
preview at the Mandeville 
Auditorium this rrJdayat 8 p,m. 
(passes available at the box 
office) to give UCSD students 
some 1r~lght Into photQjouma-
IIsm and the recent revolution 
In nicaragua. 

Director Roger Spottlswoode 
sees Under fire as "a movie 
about change, sometimes 
subtle and Intimate, sometimes 
violently explosive. and the 
changes that make history and 
transform the lives of human 
beings. It Is a IIcUttous story set 
In the mJdst of a real hlSorlcal 
event. and poses some 
Interesting questions about the 
power of the media. 

'Young American Artists' at Mandeville 

"nick rtoIte 'plays Russel 
PrIce. somewhat hardened by aU 
that he has seen, jocular and 
cynical. a survivor. But he does 
have passion. ~ BrIlliant 
or obscured, vibrant or lifeless, 
his passion Is Images and his 
personal challenge to capture 
them for a · distant. faceless 
public." 

Creative consultant and 
advisor for Under ffre Matthew 
l'1aythons brought firsthand 
experience to the production. 
He covered the development of 
the revolutionary rnovanent in 
I'1Ic.aragua from 1977 to Its 
conclusion In 1979 and was 
responsible for the Initial 
coverage of the Slndlnlsta 
movement In Time. 

Young AmericM AIti.st.s II: 
IWntings MId I'Iinted Wall 
Reliefs will open at the 
Mandeville Art Gallery 
tomorrow. 1bJs Is the second In 
a ItrIes 01 exhlbftloM focuItng 
on works by young AmerIcan 
artists. this Ume featuring Los 
Angeat. paIntaIand sculptors. 
Included In the ellhlbttlon wOl 
be paJntfngs by JIIaomI Bartus 
IIId - LId ' PItbnia and palntnl 
... 1 rdIds by JlUchaeI FIIber, 
Janet Tholen and Glen 
Rubslmea. 

A preview reception will be 
held at the gallery f'rom 6 to 9 
pm tomorrow and the exhibit 
wtll conUnue In the gallery from 
Oct. 1 through Oct. 30. 

Brent Rfggs. a young artist 
himself, Is the guest c ......... d 
this exhibition. Riggs WlS 
selected to paint a mural In the 
downtown ara for the Horton 

Plaza Art on the rence 
compeUtion. 

naomi Bartus has most 
recently shown her work In a 
solo exhibition entitled 
VOJI9II"s, Sbe has also ellhlbtted 
at the James Crumley Gallery at 
MIra Costa College. Bartus was 
awanted the MFA from DC bYine 
in 1982. 

Bartus uses Intense colors 
and t£Jbft. 11ds contbI .. Uon 
of Image and pattern produces 
paintings which RIggs his 
compared stylistically to 
Persian miniatures. 

I.arI Pittman's large canvases 
combine painted Images with 
printed wallpapers and found 
objects. ClthyCurtls.ln AIt&«ek 
(May 28, 1983), wrote, "The 
miracle Is that everything hangs 
together. with a virtuoso 
breadth of paint handling that 
keeps the different levels - real 

CAN YOU BUY GOOD TASTE? 

object, three-dimensional 
merallsm. abstract form, 
notaUons and skittering line for 
line's sake - all working on the 
Imagination In Inscrutable 
.. ,.. .. 

Pltbnan's receut solo shows 
Include exhibitions at the 
Rosamund 1'eben Qallery In Los 
Angeles and the I'Iewport Harbor 
Art M.-um. His works have 
abo been Included In group 
exhlblUons at the r.aton/Shoen 
QaJIery In San rrancl.tco and at 
Artists Space In f'Iew York. 
Pittman earned his MrA from 
calArts In 1976. 

Michael ramer creates smaII-
scale mlRCI-medla assemblages 
of toys, magazine cut-outs, 
maps, fluorescent plastic bits 
and acrylic. 

I'luber received his MrA from 
from otis Art IMtltute In 1977. 
Recent solo exhibitions include 

Yes! Now you can acquire good taste for a 
couple of bucks. Just wear shirts and visors 
that say "Dos Equis." After all, those 

words and alligators have good taste. 

are foreign words. And anyone in college 
knows people who wear stuff with foreign 

So, order your kind of good taste in Dos 
Equis sportswear today. And remember to 
eat your peanut butter and jelly sand-
wiches over the sink. 

those at the Los Angeles 
Instftute of Contemporary Art. 
the Downtown Gallery In Los 
Angeles and the DBR Qallery In 
Cleveland. He Is currently 
represented by the Cirrus 
Gallery In Los Angeles. 

Janet 11tolen will exhibit five 
works In Young American 
Altlsts. Most of these. such as 
''Temple'' and ''Tomb Room," 
make reftltooe to artllaeol& 
gIcaI ruins, and are created of 
Intrfcately detailed painted 
wood and OlDer. 

Olen Rubsamen's large wall-
mounted sculptures often. 
present military Images, 

Young American Artists II: 
""ntlngs and Plinted wall 
Reliefs will be on view at the 
Mandeville Art Qallery through 
Oct 30. Gallery hours are noon 
to 5 pm Tuesday through 
Sunday. 

Oltu--'_I.A. 

October 6, 1983 ""'" ~ 



t:llison succeeds at offending 

1 

By B.B. lLOft[ 
Harlan ellison is one of the 

most offensive writers stili 
alive. He compares favorably 
with Horace Walpole for pure 
offensiveness and bad taste. 
Since Walpole once wrote a 

story that ended with a prelate 
drinking a stillborn baby and 
then sent that story to a fi'lend 
who had recently had a son born 
dead. you have gauge as to how 
offensive ellison Is. 

ellison's Avon Paperback 

Assorted Vinyl Report 
Annabelle Linn has lett Bow Wow Wow; maybe they 

will ask Boy George to take her place .... Mlck Jones (ex-
Clash guitarist) will be teaming up with Ranking Roger 
and Dave Wakeling of the English Heat to form the new 
group General Republic. An album is expected around 
Christmas .... There are rumors of a Gang of four/REM 
show in the gym for November .... U2 is currently in the 
studio in Dublin recording their fourth album .... !"lew 
releases this week include Stevie Wonder, John Hiatt. 
Uonel Richie, Michael franks and Allan Holdsworth .... 
Trio's new album features a cover of UWe Richards Tutti 
fruttl.. .. A great new jau sextet is out on Windham HllI 
Records, Shadowfax. Watch next week for more news in 
the Assorted Vinyl Report. 

Top five Sales 
Sgnchronidtg The rollu (A It 1"1) 
Punch the Clock [lvls Costello (Columbia) 
The Crossi,llg Big Counby (Mercury) 
Hore fUn in The !Yew World X (Asylum/flektra) 
Speaking in Tongues Talking Halds (Sire) 

Up and Comers 
Like Gangbustel'5 Jo Boxers ( II:A) 
The Reuolution Suns At Closing Time Smous 
OrtIlkJag (Import) 
Re5ident Alien Robert Hainnan (Vinyl) 
Indoor Ute IlIdoor Uk (Important) 
Shadowdance SIIadowfu (Windham "III) 

983 8 4 SEA SON 

5 plays for the price of 41 
Students pay as little as $17.00 -

only $3.40 a play! 

Our Town 
Love's Labour's Lost 

Venice Preserved 
The Playboy of the W estern World 

Greek 

reprint of The GYM Tat Is an 
exercise in offending not only 

Indlvldua~ but political groups. 
He calls Middle America 
.. scuttleftsh.. for the crime of 
getting the Smothers Brothers 
cancelled. He pok~ hol~ In the 
semantic structure of 
presidential speech~and uses a 
special Introduction to accuse 
the Nixon-Agnew administra-
tion of taking this book off the 
shelv~ the first time it was 
published. 

So what is in this book, 
really? The book is for the most 
part fifty-two articles of mostly 
television criticism penned 
from October 1968 to Janucuy 
1970. While tillson signed on to 
the Los Angeles free Press as a 
television columnist, he took 
the time and space to point out 
alarming trends and Incidents 
that happened to him, to other 
people, to 6razlllan television 
viewers (if what he said is true, 
then I am appalled at what 
Brazilian televlston did to the 
Apollo 11 night. and to the 
minds of their people) and even 
a look at the future. 

One of the things one must 
hold ftnnly In one's mind as one 
reads this volume Is that It was 
penned for the most part at the 
tall end of the 60's, when such 
antlestabllshrnentarlanlsrn was 
not only normal but often 
DeCeS!ililry. It Is a f'uc:lnatJng 
window on the times and reads 
remarUbl)' well compared to 
former UCSD Chancellor Wllltam 
McGill's The Yur of the 
Itfonkeg. 

Selection in Progress TOGA DEL MAR 
Mandell Weiss Center for the Performing Arts 

and the UCSD Theatre 

Call the UCSD Depa rtment of Drama at 452~3793 or 
visi t the Promotions Office, HL Room 3451 for a 

copy of your Dramatic Difference brochure! 

~IHE DRAMATIC 
DIFFERENCE 

4 nytus October 6, J 9aJ 

F RID A Y 0 C T. 7 
8:00 

6 KEGS 

••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

Beam Me Up 
Roddenberry 
• • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • 

By IllARK Of VOL 
The US Starship Enterprise followed him through college 

and her crew will be arriving at until World War II when he 
Mandevllle Auditorium tonight joined the Army Air Corps. 
as Gene Roddenberry, creator ; During the war he began writing 
and producer of Star Trek. the fiction and poetry for various 
most successful science fiction publications, including the !Yew 
television series of all time, York Times. After the war, he 
comes to UCSD. "The Great Bird became a pilot for Pan Am, 
of the Galaxy," as he is referred occasionally writing for flyer-
to by fans and friends, will give a oriented magazines, but it was 
lecture/rilm presentation not until 1951 that he finally 
tonight at 7 pm which will sold his first science Hctlon 
feature much background script, The Secret Defense of 
information on the popular 117, which aired on "Chevron 
series. Theatre," 

Included in the film Roddenberry soon became 
presentations will be 'The very successful as a television 
Cage," the original pilot for Star writer, penning scripts for 
Trek starring Jelftey Hunter as shows such as Dragnet and 
Captain Pike. the commander of /Yaked City, and by the late 50s, 
the Enterprise before James T. he was named head writer for 
Kirk. This will be a rare nave Gun, Will TraueL 
opportunity for fans as 'The In 1964 Roddenberry began 
Cage" is never shown on TV in Its working on his ideas for Star 
original uncut version. Also Trek. and In 1966 the show 
featured will be the always debuted. He produced the show 
entertaining Star Trek "Blooper until its cancellation in 1969, 
Reel," a collection of out-tak~ after which he produced such 
from the series with lots of. as ftlms as Pretty Maids All in a 
Mr. Spack would say, "most Row ind The Questor Tapes. 
illogical" behavior. Tickets for tonight's show are 

Roddenberry's Interest in stili available at the student _lie raJ Gale 1addaIbeny .... atMd .p11'1Ie Star Trek Creator wII be at I'laadeYilIe toaIgbt 
science Hctlon began In junior Center Box Offtce for $5 general to Iedare. sIIow IIIIIIII ad oaaawlse atertahl lIalldreds 01 Tl'ekldes. ilia,. be Is lie ODe on lie left. 
high !lChoolln the early lOs and admission and $3 for students. 

ALL YOU CAN EAT 
So.p ... $3.51 • SaW ... $4.51 e So.p. Salad ... S5.25 

Muffins, Breads and Dessert Included 

We also have Sandwiches, Quiche, Broiled Chicken Platter, 
Steak Sandwiches and Burgers. 

10% DISCOUNT WITH STUDENT I.D. 
Op_II·':-", DAILY 737 PEAa.STIIEET,LAJOl.lA 454-U53 

j!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!~ UCSD Events Office preaentl !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!~ 

LAURA DEAN DANCERS 
AND MUSICIANS 

October 15, Saturday, 8:00 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 

UCSD Stu. $6.00, G.A. $10.00 
UCSD Fac/ Staffiother Stu. & Sr. $8.00 

liiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii Ticketron or UCSD Box Office: 452-4559 iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiijj 

I!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! UCSD Events Office pretents !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I 

~.~~~ 
NT£MPS 

zmEGOBAND 
Like many American Blues and Jan artisll. 
~ Ida ia well-known in Europe. bul ia just 
beinl! diacover«i in he.. own counrry, Zydeco 
(from rhc French lOr .... pbean.) music ia • 
... iq~ blcndoflhe muaicoflheCreoir. BI.ck. 
and Cajun communltin In Louiaiana. played 
on button ICcordion. fiddle, trianslc. lI\Iitar. 

wuhboard, bus and druma. 
October 16, Sunday, 8 .. 00 p.m. 

Revelle Cafeteria 
G.A. $S.OO, Stu. $3_00 

t;;;iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii U CSD Box Office: 4 5 2~ 5 5 9 iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiil 

SOFT CONTACT LENSES 
One Hour SerVice ~t cases 

INCLUDES: 
Contact lenses, examination, 
patient training, follow up, 
chemical care kit and fitting. 
-IXTENDID WEAR LENSES 
ONLY $165.00 

THE CLASSICAL EYE 
DR. ROIERT HEllER OPTOMETIUST 

La Jolla Village Square 
(Inside the MOIl; lower Level) 

8657 Ville La Jolla DrIve • Suite 136 
451-7374 

October 6,1983 nlMu 5 



.. 

AADAA presem5 

Volunteers Needed 
for Acne Study 

"DESTINED TO TOP ALL EROTIC FILMS." - BOX OFFICE 

Division of Dennatology 
School of Medicine 

friday. October 7 
nH 107 
9:15. 10:30 a 11:" pm 
$2.00 at the Box OffIce 

Twelve week study involves daily application of 
lotion to skin and monthly visits for evaluation. 

Volunteers art paid S50.OO for participation in study. 
If interested call 452-4955 

or 452-6847 and leave name and phone number. 

THE 
ONE 
AND 
ONLY 
lt~VTli 

... 'AO •• ,~ '--"'anoN ... '111ft ••• 

A crash course 
• in Practica1..a....J~ nOlDlCS. 
r--------------~ // I 
~/ I 

cigarettes. I just figured out a way to get me out of this 'noisy dorm and 
save you money. I I I figured it all out, and for what you're ~ for me to live I 

I on campus, we could almost be paying monthlies on a condominium at 
I Boardwalk, which is just steps away from I campus right here in La Jolla. I 
I It's got tennis, a monster pool, built-
I 

ins, and it'll be a great place to study. And L_ 
if you send me skiing over quarter break, .~ 
you and Mom can use it too. I I You both should come down ~~ I and check out Boardwalk with me. '/ 
Prices start at just '105,900, which '/ I I know from my Econ classes 

I is a good deal for property ,I in La Jolla. I In fact, you'll proba- I 
I bly get back the cost of my college education from tax bene· I I fits and the appreciation in the I 
I condo's value. 
. DOlIt you think that's a pretty I I intelligent move, Dad, and !slit that what you I I sent me to college for? I 0 1Je. I \ 
, V (sign your name here) \ 

, . \ 
,- ------------ \ 1.----- Boardwalk/La Jolla. fine homes from $)05,900. --..a 

Very attractive below market 30 year fixed interest rate available. 
Sales Office: 8840-102 Villa La Jolla Drive. (619) 457-2160. 

~ ~~ ~ A developmenl of THE DOUGLAS ALLRED COMPANY __ 

IN COLOR 

6 IIYtu October 6, 198.'5 

David 8rln, author of the new 
science Hctlon novel Staltide 
Rising published by Bantam 
Books, will be autographing 
copies of his book today from 
11:30 to :5 at the University 
Bookstore, 

8rin's previous novel 
Suncfuer was blessed with 
enthusiastic reviews and 
exceptional sales, and his new 
novel has every Indication of 
repeating the success of his 
ftrst. He Is well known on the 
UCSD campus as a student and 
TA and Is a colWultant with the 
california Space Institute. He 
allo teaches university-left I 
physics and creative writing. 

••• 

'!be UCSD Musk Department 
concert seuon opens with an 
Evenlag of Sensuous Musk and 
poetry with bassist/composer 
8ert Turetzky and poet Sherely 
Ann Williams, Wednesday at 8 
pm In the Mandevllle Recital 
Hall. 

Tlfttzky will play some ofhls 
own composltlom, "Intaglla:' 

"RdlectIoM,'~ "Raonances and 
Rnel'beratlon:' and "Collage I" 
assisted by nutlst Nancy 
Turetzky, and all thru artists 
will Interpret aeIectlons from 
William's book Some Sweet 
Angel Chile. 

Turdzky's compositional and 
Improvisational concems II! 
culmltly llIYOIved with earty 
music. world music. collage. 
experimental jazz, extended 
performance technIques, 
autobiography. humor and the 
time honored lradftlon of artists 
trying to communIcate with 

-~~-- - --~- ---

--~----- -
- -- - ~ -

at the 
PU8 

their audiences. 
He Is now recognIzed as a 

leading Hgure In the world of 
double bass. He bas helped to 
raIse the Instrument's status 
from mere orchestral 
accompanIst to a solo 
Instrument In Its own right HIs 
performance experience 
Includes a variety of musIcal 
expression, IncludIng Jazz, 
traditional repertory and 
contemporary mustc to the 
limIts of the avant-garde. 
Turetzky's accomplished 
technIque has Inspired 
numerous composers of today 
to write pkc~ for hIm. His more 

than 160 recordings of new 
works make Turetzky the most 
recorded contra-bass soloist In 
AmerIca. 

for more Information call 
452-3229. 

••• 

During the sillies artists like 
JImmy Page and r.rk: Clapton 
deyeloped a technIque of 
playing tbat took to destroying 
any melodic content In order to 
demonstrate technical prowess. 
TIlls move In the early stages 01 
hard rock ad a precedaIt for 
lata guItarists such ., EdwanI 
Van Halen and Steft Howe. 

cartos Santana, however, has 
developed a style of playing 
based more on musical empathy 
than techno gonzonea HIs 

rendItion of the Zombies' "She's 
Not There" Is a prime example. 
santana goes through the song. 
and when It comes time for his 
solo he plays a short 
progressIon wIth more feeling 
than a thousand Jimmy Pages. 
santana will play friday at the 
fox Theater. 

The Motels wlll'play tonIght 
at the fox Theater, for more 
Information on these shows call 
2:56-6510. 

••• 

Red Deselt, a 1964 Italian 
drama dIrected by MIchelangelo 
Antonlonl. screens Wednesday, 
Oct 12, at 7:30 at the La Jolla 
Museum of Contemporary Art. 

The nlm Is a drama of modem 
man's alienatIon from society. 
Set In the Industrial landscape 
of "arthem Italy, Ra Deselt 
stars MonJca Vitti and JUchard 
Harris In the story of a woman's 
affaIr wIth her husband's 
business associate. 

Other Hlms by Director 
Antonlonl Include L'ADuentura. 
Blow Up. 1.abtUkie Point The 

P~nger and story o{. Loue 
Affair. 

On Wednesday at 7::50 pm, 
the Museum's film Sa1cson the 
documentary genre 'presents 
Sit-In and Cortille c.udno. 
Slei",. two feature newsIIlms. 
QeneraI admlssJon Is $3 and 
students and seniors $2. for 
InfclnnatJon call 454-.5541. 

• • • 
.Jean-Luc GocIard's ~'1J"'" 

for nllMe" will be shown 
Tuesday In Mandeville at 7:30 
pm. 1bere will be a discussion 
afterwanls. 

". DAZZLING SIGHT & SOUND EXPERIENCE!" 

-Oct •• 
-1I10pm-1I110pi11 
- Free AclmBston 

........... EIfTEIT-.r..-T 

12:.· 3:. • S:30 • I:.· 10:30 
•· .... w---,· 

Watch for SURE's vIdeo on MTY ......... ....., ....... .,..., .. ......... n ........ ..... I : ..... .....,. 11I ... 1Ii _. 
...,. lllllleclll ......... ......, . .. 

....... .......,.. 

October 6, 198:5 IIUttu 7 



.. 

HowEveIyn 
Dy gives Y9LI a 

edge In 
School at any I~vel means reading ... lots of it . Keeping up with 
thousands of pages can take a heavy toll in time and energy, and 
grades. If you 're typical, you read 150 to 350 words a minute. But 
how do you get ahead of the rest? 

Evelyn Wood can triple your 
reading rate and improve your 
comprehension and study skills. 
Hundreds of thousands of students use the Reading Dynamics 
Method. They find reading less of a chore . Concentration and 
retention improve, which can lead to better grades. A competi-
tive edge is important ... too important for you to delay. 

Prove it to yourself today! 
Whether you ' re thinking of grad school or the job market, or if 
you want to keep up with course reading today, let Evelyn Wood 
Read irg Dynamics give you a competitive edge. 

Last three daysl 

Attend a free . 
Evelyn Wood Mini-LessonR at: 

LOCATION 
La Jolla Village Inn 
3299 Holiday Court 

Thursday, Oct. 6, 1 pm, 3 pm, 5 pm Be 7 pm 
Friday, Oct. 7,11 am Be 1 pm 
Saturday, Oct. 8, 11 am Be 1 pm 

• 

Choose the day and time most convenient for you. Reservations are 
not necessary. For further information call 1-800-272-3585. 

• 

Evelyn Wood Reading Dynamics. 
The Competitive Edge. 

Cc,pyrlqllt 1 11 Evelyn Wood Readrng DyndnllCS . Inc. 

8 NlMus October 6, 1983 


