
tlOCMIIC 

Pushing for a Nadonal Ullity Party . . 
See story on page 7. 



The LesbIan Central of the Gay and 
Lesbian Services Cente r and the Long 
Beach Lambda Democraoc Club are 
sponsoring a "Blood SIster Blood Drive" 
on December 17. The drive is intended 
to re plenish the dange rously depleted 
blood donor supply from which many 
gay men have voluntarily excluded 
themselves In the wake of the AIDS 
cri sis. In formation regardi ng the drive 
may be obtained by calling (213) 464-
7400 in Los Angeles. (213) 439-8480 in 
Long Bea h. or (714) 534-0862 in 
Orange County. 

• 
Chancellor Atkinsou reports on Ihe 

UmverSlly's budget that al lhough 
extramural support for the University as 
a whole has decreased .5%. thIS campus 
has had an increase of 13%, Upwards 
of $22 million was ril.ised from privd te 
contributions last year. showing an 
increase of 46% over the previous year. 
Through the selling of tate bonds, 
funds may soon become avaIlable for 
engineering and biology build ings. The 
chancellor adVIsed that he is gIving 
thoughl to selling the University House. 
A new UmversllY House would be built 
on University land . and some of the 
profit from the sale would go !O prOVide 
some of the fund s needed !O build a 
Facul ty Club -

• 
To focus the energies of student 

ICJders ,ICroSS the coumry who sec I'oter 
reglstrallon ,IS .l priority. a non-pa msan 
Nation,II -lUciem Conference On Vmer 
Reglstr • .IIIon IS being ,) rg,mlzed by a 
Cll.lhttnn of ~tudcm Puhhc Interest 

Rc~e,lrlh Groups 1 he conference IS 
scheduled to be held In Bo~!On . 

M,ls~chu~e[(s on February 17-19. [11'0 
weeks before the fIrs t nJ (lona l pnmM)' 
m ne.l rby New H.lmpshlre. Over 47 
million Amenc,ms .lre elIgible, bUl nOl 
registered . !O 1'00e . An eSllmJ ted 14 
mIllion of [hal group .l re berwee n rhe 
ages of 18 J nd H . MJny Me slUde ms. 

• EarlIer rhls fall . UC Irvi ne Ch,lncellor 
Daniel G. Aldrich ann ounced his 
intention to retire in 1984. An Jdvisory 
committee of five facuhy members, a 
graduare Jnd undergraduare student. a 
representative of the alumni and a staff 
employee of the campus is now in Ihe 
process of a narionwide search to 
replace Ald rich. UC PreSIdent David 
Gardner hopes to have an indivlduJI 
recommended by spring. 

• Dr. F. Thomas Bond. of Ihe 
De p,lI1me t'l! of Chemistry. has been 
ntlmed ac ting provost of ReveUe College 
while the search for a new provost is 
und erway. Bond lakes over for Dr. Chia-
WeI Woo. who was named preSident of 
San Francisco State Universiry. 

• UC San Diego and San Diego Mesa 
College have emered into a cooperative 
exchange program for srudems who 
wish to attend classes at both campuses. 
Under the three-year pilot program. 
Mesa students will be able to take 
Univers iry courses nO! otTered at rhelr 
college while working IOward their AA 
degrees. UCSD slUdents will have the 
opportunity to ta ke a number of lower 
division and prepdralOry courses otTered 
al Mesa but nor ar UCSD Parricipants in 
the exchange must be enrolled as full-
time students and must meet the 
JdmisslOn requirements of bmh 
cJmpuses. They \\,111 regisrer and PJy 
fees only .It rhelr home c,Impuses. 
Enrollment in the courses on e,lCh 
CJ l1IpUS will be open on a SPJCC 
JI',u lJble bJ.sls Ch,mccll nr Rlch.ud C 
Arklnson called Ihe ,Igrcemem an 
Imporrant step In the growing 
coop~ralion berwee n the two segments 
of public hIgher educJtlOn "The 
exchange comes .lI .1 time when budget 
restraints are forc ing .I limitation in the 
dIversity of courses we can offer." he 
saId . 

UCSDeja Vu 
1965 ... 

The Birth of a Urllversrty Will be the 
ndme of a documentary being filmed of 
UCSD by KOGO-lV ews .md 
sponsored by Time-Life for n,Hionwide 
dlsmbuti on. UC D was chosen because 
it is ulllque as a fledgling universiry wirh 
instant aCddem lc prestige. 

1968 ... 
AI I pm on Tuesd,ly MAYA (Mexlc,m-

Amenc,m Youlh Assoc i,u ion) le,Ider 
IsrJeI Ch.wcz ,mnounced rhe beginning 
of ,I hunger srn ke by MAYA .md BSC 
(BI,ICk tudent CounCIl) sludents. The 

purpo~e 01 the stnkc IS 10 Infi ue n!:c thc 
Regent<; rn In.lkc Ihe Un Iversll)' rele\ ,1Il1 
(() irs t'l)mmun ll ), ,md frcl' lrom POhIl C,11 
Inte rl erem:c. I'spcCl.llly In the 11 .lkc ,)1 
rece nt S,\I1 l1lOnS pl'lll.'d on the UC 
~ysrcm h)' GOl'emor R,'n.lld RC.lg,1II 

1970 ... 
WIll I~ II rh,\I Ihc );1l:,lIl'SI 111 1111,11) 

pl)\\n ;n rhl.' w"rld lind ~ Il h,ml In 
d he Ilg.l);e I r,)111 .1 11'.11 el'L'I)"I\l' 1\ ,Ill I'l l' 
cOlI' \V11.I1 ,lltcrn,llI\ 'C dn )'Oll pr" }1n,e 
k'r rhe r\lIlene.ln ") SICIll'" I hesc .Irl' 
Sl'me "I thl.' qlll'SII,lrt ' Rnben ,>Llll'l'r .1 
r,lllic,11 ,lUrhMIl)' l)n Chlll,l .md Ih<: 
I hlrd World. uti,111 wllh II'hl.' n hc 
,Iddn:sscu LJC)D ~llId em, Wclinesd.l), 
In Ihe Rcve lle e,lfelcn,1 

1973 ... 
A fl' m,lle ps}'ehi ,lIl'1sr ,\I1U .1 m.dl' 

pS)'l: hologlsl h,\\'e te.llned up In .1 nl' l\' 
sex cliniC .11 Rel'elle 1'1,1;:.1 The cimll IS 
deSigned 1,1 bencli r , rudent .. . I,ll ull}' ,IIKt 
st,ll! .It UC~D wh,) h,ll'c ",'xu.ll um lll lb 

1975 .. . 
The !.Isr d ,IY of rhe Graduale lUdem 

Union (GSU) work sropp,lge was 
highlighted Fnd,lY .Iftemoon by .1 rally 
of 250 sludents on Revelle PlaLI ,md a 
m,lrc h 10 rhe Admlnlslr..tl ive Com plex. 
1976 ... 

In ,\11 ellort to point OUI poorly lit 
.lre.IS on l ampus. Inembers of thc RJpe 
T,I k Force of rh l' Women's Center 
gUIded the vice chancellor. dean of 
Srudent AtTalrs , Health dnd Safety 
olficn s .md thc Tlmd C'lllcge de,\Il 
th mugh Ihc e,lInpus SlInd .l}, l'l'enrng. 
This is ,I p,1rt l)1 .. R.lp...· AII'.lrl'ncss 
\Vcek." sponsored hy Ihe Women's 
Cepre r. \Vomen's Cn.lllllon .md 

W,)l\1l' n '~ SUr pllrl Gnlup. 
1977. .. 

,",und.l), l'I'entng .11 b 15 pIli Ihe "ghl ~ 
sudlil:n l), bcg,1II Il) llickcl' .111 lll'l'r 
L.lIl1PU' Thcn Ih,') l'I,ILkl'd l)ll! P,nll' l' 
1.lllure L C'>D hl.IlK"1I1 1 lJ77 
1978 .. . 

l~lIe, . Ih.1I ,1ll.111 III1Kl' 11111 pIck Ill) 
1"ll" lip. I Ill'lIll'd 1)ll'l rhe )e,I\" the) 
h.lll· .1 11.1\ 01 dl' llIg rh.lI , ~llll1elllnl'~ I 
l.11l1 .t1\\,lh ,n' Ihll,,· III I Kt·, . , .lIt! Jnhll 
Dc·.lII hd.m: ,I lull hnll'c .11 1 '( ,>J) 
1979 ... 

ClIlIllN·tI fru slr.Itl·t! .1Il t! 111);1)' 
r1ll: IIH'Il' dlHl1In.1Ied .In 11'.1I11 .ln 
Inl,ITll1.ll1l)11.I1 1.1 11 )' II I ,lb"UI 3l)U I \'IlLI ) 
,11 Ii. e RC:I ,' lI e 1'1.1:.1 g.lI lw rtllg '>Iudl'nr~ 

~hnlllcd IIKl' rllli.ll), ,1"g.ln ~ ,II C: ,ll:h 
(uher lor OI'CI' .111 hllll l' In II h,\1 111.1111 
l)bse!\·,' r, "lid \\ ,1' tilt' Il'lb,' ,1 11',1111,; 11 -
Us Ull1lrlllll.lI llln tn ';.1 11 Dlc);,' 

- Christopher Canole 

AS Forum 
The AS Council proudly began sales of their $3.50 Calendar last Friday at the 

campus bookstore and Assorted Vinyl after a champagne buffet given for those 
who participated in the fund raiSing project. The Calendar may be looked upon 

_ as whal UCSD students can expect from future AS projects and the merhods 
used by the Council to represent UCSD students' needs. 

When Greg Ricks, AS Muir representative, obtained $6,500 for the AS 
Calendar project. he indicated the calendar would be available in male and 
female editions. Each copy would contain photos of 13 students chosen on the 
basis of academic and / or athletic achievements. "We're nO! looking for just 
anOlher pretty face . we're looking for students who represent the campus," said 
Ricks when the project started . The Calendar would seD for $3.50, thus 

October 10 ... 
"We're not looking for just another pretty 

face, we're looking for students who represent 
the campus." 

- Muir AS Representative Greg Ricks 
requiring 1.850 sales to break even . 

The AS Council received 200 applications for a place In the calendar, which 
included photos and a statement as 10 the Sludem's campus activities. through 
the Calendar Committee and organizers Ricks and Daphne Castillo. 

A 15-member selection committee was chosen "by asking whoeverwas in the 
AS otTice at rhe time. Ricks wanted people who had a few moments to spare to 
look at the photos and vote," said committee member Bill AnseD. "Each person 
was told they could use their own criteria. We could look briefly on what the 
studem did in school, but most of the selections were based on the photograph 
alone." 

Another committee member, Mark Boroditsky, gave an indication of the 
thoroughness of rhe selection project. "Each person had an open field on who 
they selected. Everyone who applied was considered. We were given 45 

Greg Ricks proudly pt'esents the AS version of the men and women of UCSD. 
minllles 10 one hour to look over the 200 photos and make our selections." This 
amounts !O 30 seconds 10 consider the pholO and the applicant'S resume. 
Boroditsky concluded. "The process was the most democratic possible. because 
it was based on numbers of votes received." 

To help those applicants who did not have a photos of themselves, Ricks 
asked the Calendar's photographer, Rich Pecjak . to conduct a special photo 
session ro take two photos each for 70 students. Unfortunately, none of these 
students was selected for rhe Calendar. Pecjak was also asked by Ricks and 
Castillo to photograph a complete portfolio of 11 other students. Nine of these 
students were selected for the Calendar. 

As to the handling of the project, Pecjak commented, "I received no money 
for rhe 150-200 hours I worked on photographing. processing and printing. Yet 
when it came to paying other people for the Calendar printing or the publiCity 
butTer, the Calendar Committee was eager to pay whatever was asked. I was even 

November 23 ... 
"We wanted the kind of look that would 

sell calendars." 
- Greg Ricks 

..Isked to p.lY for my own copy of Ihe Calendar " Pecpk was distressed by the 
Idck 01 con,ern for quality. "At one time Greg RIcks rhreaLC ned me to print 
Cel1dtn photos S,I}'tng, '(f you .Ire nor wil li ng !O do it , I wlil tJke it to One Hour 
phoro ' .. 

When ,Isked ,1bour hemg selecrcd MISler Apnl , RI cks, rhe ehJlTlnan of the 
C.llend ,lr COlTImiuce . responded. "I do nOI see m)' being ch.lirrn,m ..Inti selec ted 
fo r rhe C.t1l'nd.lr .IS .I conlltcl Olll1lCle t. ncc,lUse my applic,\tIonll'.l, submiued 
hy .1 rillTd P,ITl Y" 

As !l) rhe d<" sLnpll ons 01 the eJlend.lr .,ruuem,' ,lc.ldt.'lTIic or at hletic 
c\ ccll cnCl' RICks ~lId . "BeCJUSC of ,I bck of tllne. \\ c deCIded to delcle 
dcst'rlprlOns of Ihe selected ~t udel1l~' c,unpu~ .\cuI·llIes" Wht: n Ihe ch.llrman 
\\',\S then asked lO descnbe Ihe ,lc,ldemlc or arhlellc qUJ ll!les of those ~c1ecled . 
he could only SJy fI ve males were mvolved In fra tern ities ,Ind one was ,1nother 
AS counCIl member. As to rhe fem.lles bJckgrounds, he could only clle CJch 
sludcnr 's mdJor In sc hool, wh Ich I~ listed alongs ide the c,llend.l r photogrJph . 

The flndl images on Ihe IWO C t1endars arc wh,\! Ricks fee ls the commllcee 
,Ind the AS coun CIl hoped to produce."We wamed the kind of look Ihat would 
<;ell c.llc nd.lrs ." 

The PIRG movement gives 
students an international influence 
By ETHAN FEERST 
(First of a twO-p.lI! series). 
Once It was juSi inl1oct: nee, 
Brash ideas and insolence, 
Bul you will newr gel away, 
With the things you said today, 
But you can try if you want. 

- p~ TOWllSMnd 
The "sixties." as it is affectionately 

known, is an era that has come to 
represent the memory of a time of 
activism, idealism, conflict, protest and 

h~ for change. At the root of aD this 
activity was the college student - the 
inteUigent, ambitious, concerned youth 
who had come to an institution of 
higher learning in hopes of broadening 
horizons, discovering greater meanings, 
and exploring life. This short-lived 
period of youth activism ended 
somewhere between Watergate. rhe 
energy crisis, Middle East turmoil, a 
continuing cold war, and the nation's 
start down the path of economic 
misfortune . As a result, cynicism and 
disillusionment seem to have 
deteriorated the hopes and dreams 
spawned by this sparkling memory. Or 
have they? 

In 1972, consumer activist Ralph 
Nader spoke to a group of 8000 
students al the Universiry of Oregon. He 
spoke about ac((vism, citizenshIp, and 
the necessity for students 10 take 
Jd vantage of the nme, resources, and 
idealism they would possess during 
theIr years 10 coUege, Given the 
opportunil)I. he lelt. srudents could 
become effec tive advocates of 
democratic solutions in our SOCiety. 
Nader's vtsion for student involvement 
came ro fruition III the form of Ihe 
Public Interest Research Group (PIRG). 
The PIRG movement has since spre,ld to 
schools In some 28 stJtes. Candd.1. 
Grear Britalll. and Auslralla 

The underlying principle be hInd rhe 
movement is that students .Ire citizens, 
and rherefore their educarion should 
include expertence in recognizing and 
solving sociery's problems. With thIS in 
mind . PIRG chapters are run by students 
and org .. mized on ,I state-by-stare baSIS. 
In California . for insrJnel' . 16 students 
from sevcn universities comprise 

CJ.IPIRG's State board of directors. Junior 
Kim Paulus. the roard's newly elected 
chairman. and senior Keith Von 
Grasstek are UCSO's CalPIRG 
representatives. Says Paulus. "It's exciting 
to see students coordinating their efforts 
and actuaDy affecting public policy." 
. The stale board hires an executive 

director. who in tum hires a 
professional staff to proVide the 
continuity needed in a student 
organization (because of vacations, 
turnover, etc.). In addition, this staff of 
lawyers, scientists, organizers. 
researchers , and writers provides the 
necessary expenise for students to 
implement their programs and policies 
in a professional manner. P1RG 
programs faD into seven basic categories: 
research . outreach. community service. 
advocacy. community organizing, 
litigation , and training. 

Research is viewed as the first step to 
problem solving in PIRGs. Students can 
use the vast resources available to them 
on campuses to attain precise 
information needed to clearly identify 
particular problems or issues. Past 
research has included studies of routes 
used in transporting radioactive waste , 
books on toxic and chemical pollution 
and surveys of medical prices. rental 
hOUSing availability. grocery prices, Jnd 
automobile repair pmctices, j usr to name 
a few. 

Once research is compleled , the next 
step IS 10 pubhctze findmgs Monrhly 
newsletters .I re the most common means 
for publishing survey and study results. 
In addition, press rele-.ases and news 
conferences .Ire ofren utilized to mJke 
information available to Jpropriate 
offi cials and lawmakers. Two 60 Millu/rs 
rcportS have featured information 
produced by New York PIRG resedrch 
into toxic chemlcJI cont,Imination. ,md 
,I Ca(PIRG Inquiry. involving UCSD 
srudents. imo fraudulent beef grading 
and pnce fixing was fearured on J 60 
Millut es repon in 1977. 

In ,Iddilion to publkizing rcsc.lrch 
results III rhe communit)" most PIRGs 
olle r some kind of hotline or .1(tion 
center to prnvide cnmmunity sc rvkc In 

HOME WITHOUT 
A HITCH 

.... n your hoIl..., .. 100ft .. you let 
foot on Amtrek'. hn D .... n. No wony 
ower IMt minute weather, en ellin. auto, or 
frlen ... who.e plan. chen.e et the I ... 
minute. 

RIdIn. the Sen DIe .... Is .... ..., 'ftI'/ to 
tr.WII home. You don't ...... ,. •• mdIona. Oae 
of our ". ...... dally depertuIM I ...... rtIM fer 
your tnwel pIenI- Loa An ..... , Sen DieJO, one 
of the .. Yen .top. In be .... n (Includln, ...... 
opened Anaheim), or .... first pett In your Amtrak 
trip home to Northern Cellfornle or the Cetttrel 
Velley. 

You can do .. much - or .. little - •• you ....... 
eboard Amtrak'. tr.ln.: .tretch out .nd wetch the 
acenery, reed elood book, 1Ieep, or ......... dwlch 
end drtnk In .... INICk bar. 

When you reach journey'. end, you'l be ........ , not 
beet. 

For Sen Dle .. n Information end ..... , ... your cern ..... 
travel ... m, or cell Amtrak toll· .... , l·800·UlA-RAIL. 

a number of areJS including consumer 
complaints. effective use of sm.111 d ,l ims 
court , filing income tJX forms. appealing 
property tax assessments , etc . Staffed by 
trained volunteers. rhese information 
se rvices are prOVided al no COSt 10 rhe 
community. s..111 Diego's PIRG sponsors 
a consumer assistJnce horline whieh 
can be reached at 279-9409. 

PIRGs nationwide have been 
responsible for the passage of legislative 
solutions for improvements in the small 
claims system . improved regulation of 
automobile repair shops, !Oxic WJste 
regulation, and fairer properry talC laws. 
among many others. Advocacy programs 
in combination with community 
organizing, leafletting, and door-to-door 
canvassing have led !O the passage of 
several bills and bureJucraric ch.mges. 
PIRG efforts in nine states - Oregon, 
Vermont, Michigan, Maine, Co nnec ticut. 
(owa . DelawJre, M,lssachusens, Jnd New 
York - have contribured ro the passage 
of the "botrle bill ." a law which places a 
five - or ten-cent deposit on beer .md 
soft drink containers !O encoumge 

recycling. Studems J.t UCSD are 
involved wilh a continuing effort to pass 
si milar legislation in Cdhfomia. 

Where couns appe,lr ro be the best 
forum for addressing problems, PIRG 
lawyers h.lVe slJ("d successfully in a 
number of cases involving expenditures 
of government funds and protection of 
mnstitutionJI rights and to prevent 
government or priv-.lle action that posed 
environmental d,mgers. PIRGs have also 
intervened in administrative he,lrings 
involving utility rilte-setting proposals 
rhar were judged to be costly and/ or 
environmentally unsound. 

The sum tOlill of JU these activities 
results in achicving the PIRG 
movement's twO mJin goals 
sili\ultaneously. Ongoing work for social 
change produces people who are 
knowledgeable and skiUed in the 
mechamcs of the legal/democratic 
system. 

In Thursday'S issue, the Guardian will 
outline how CalPIRG receives its funding, 
what programs it is currently pu rsuing, and 
the history of CalPIRG at UCSD. 

Lettau sees the 
writing on the wall 
By MICHAEL PARTOS 

Last week UCSD Ch,lnccllor Rlch.lrd 
C. Atkinson took "disciplinal)' a('tion" 
agJ inst hter,\ture professor Rei nh,lrd 
Lcuau by Issui ng hi m a wntten censure. 

Leuau \Vas e,lughr spr,ly p .. ll nr tng 
"KILLERS F,oR REAGAN" In red on ,I 
wtlll of the Undergr,lduatc Science 
Building on June 2, 1983. J:le 
subsequenrly ple..tdcd guillY in San 
Dlcgn MUnlCIP,11 Cnult to J ch'lrge of 
m.llk il)us mischiel ,Ind W,IS plclced on 
rhrl'c ye ,lI~ prnh,lI tnn. VIce Chance llor 
P.llrick Ledden s.IYS Ll'rt,lu also p,lid 

-full tI ,"nJges" 10 the U niversily lor 
cleaning up Ihe v.lIldalt sm, bur he would 
nOl spel'l fy Iht: ,lInoun r. 

The wri tten censure is meJnt to 
convey 10 LeU,IU the Universlty's "strong 
disappmv,II" of hiS conduct ,md is d 
rare occurrence. This is "rhe fi rst one in 
my memory:' 5.lid PilUl Wesr of the 
UCSD Public Inlorm.llion OITke . who 
hJS worked ,II UCSD for more th.1Il 20 
yeJrs. 

The detJ i1s ,lIld content of the 
,'!t·(\.'" till n to [,d)i" 6 

COUNCIL TRAVEL 
BUDGET AIRFARES 

San Franc1sco $39ow/$78rt 
Houston $115ow/$23Ort 
!New York $1 79ow/$339rt 
London $339ow/$6:urt 
Dusseldorf $34Oow/$S89rt 
Stockholm $4100w/$655rt 

Hong Kong $365ow/$685rt 
• AUCJa.ANI) SPECIAL • 

Two departure dates only! 
ll/~ and Il/31 $l99rt 
Sydney $605ow/$1 l I art 
Taipei $355ow/$655rt 
Tokyo $465ow/$639rt 
Bang1mk $459ow/$869rt 

Contact 
CIEE/Coundl1'lavel 
Second Floor, Student Center 

452-0630 



Editorial 

Down in front! 
Chatter.ovelWhelms the lecturer 

Freedom of speech is the hallmark of this country's respect in 
the world . Voltaire said, "I may not agree with what you say, but I 
will defend to the death your right to say it." But there are 
instances when abuse of this freedom IS intolerable, such as yelling 
"fire" in a crowded theater as a practical joke. We oppose such 
actions, because the practical joker is not concerned for the rights 
and well-being of others. And yet daily at UCSD there is continual 
abuse of another undeniable right - the ~ight to listen. 

In the past the ability of a student to learn was based on the 
professor's knowledge, lecturing style, and the student's note-taking 
skills. Now students have to deal with trying to hear the lecture 
through the continual background noise generated by practical 
jokers' "cute" remarks and socialites' mindless chatter. 

One wonders if perhaps during the initial construction of UCSD 
a back door was accidentally left open, a door which allows 
mindless d rifrers ro wander in and rest themselves in our lecture 
halls. Then they become bored, because they do not know why 
they are here , and stan entertaining themselves with idle 
conversations. 

What ever happened to the apathetic students who simply cur 
classes to either sleep off the previous night's drunk or crash on 
the beach? Why do they find it necessary to begin attending 
lectures as their social gathering? 

Since these verbal marathoners do pause for a moment to watch 
their afternoon soap operas, why not let them gather in a room to 
watch video lectures? 

Where are the Volraires of listening? Somehow students think 
they might be out of line if they ask others to keep the noise 
down so they can hear the lecture . 

ll®ltlt®rf~n®ltlt~rf~ll~ilit®rf~ll®frlt®rf~ll~frlt~rf~n® 
lt~rf~lettersll®ltlt®lf~n®ltlt®rf~n®ltfrcerf~ll~frfr® 

rf~ll®ltlt®rf~n®ltfr®rf~ll®ltlt~lf~n®ltfr®lf~n~frlt®rf 
n®ltlt®rf~n®ltlt~rf~n®frlt®rf~ll®frfr®rf~n®ltlt®rfn~fr 
Editor: 

Mnst dl5.lblcd mdil'ldu,l ls \\'nuld 11 nd 
rh c S(.l[cmCnI, "Do ),ou \\,.\Ill I\l \\'nlC .1 
p.lpcr nn nipples In Tuu.m,1 but need 
mn nl')' fllr g,I; ," In the Nn\ cmbcr 17. 
Il}H3. [lCSD Gll<mll<1II .In Ide. U.S. Gr,\Il[S 
GI\,lng enid Cbh In Students. b), 
Mil h,lcl P,lnn;. III bc ICI), nlil-n,lI·c. 
DISABLE!) I\DI\'IDUAl.S DO :-":OT 
WA:-.JT TO I~t: REI'LRRLD I 0 A~ 
CR IPPLES." ACl'l)rdlllg II' Ihc hnnkkl. 
, Ire 1111"11>1(' 111111(' , A//IIII<I," [0\,,1/(1 
DI'<I/Ji/II.\ . puhh,hcd hI' Ihl' Rcgll,n.11 
Rch,I\)llu.llIllll Rl'sl',lrlh In~lItull' on 
Allltuliln,11 Ixg.rl .Inu Ll'I~ure \3.\I'rrl'f~ . 
The Il'rnb 'd",lhk'd: ·h,mdll,lppcd .' 

,\lid 'cnppled' ,Irl' lllicn Lised 
Intl'fl'h.lIlg.lhl), In bu. Ihl' I,mn 111'0 
rerms c.\I'I)' neg,HII'c (llnnlll,\tIl\l1,. 
Indic.lllng Ih.1I .1 db.lbrlit)' prl' ll' l1I ~ 
SOlllco ne Imm hei ng ,I lull), lunl'lloiling 
mcm\)l'r III '>I)l·le!)'. A dlS,lhll I!)' dl)l'S nnt 
,liW,I)';' prC>CIlI ,I h.lIldl l,IP; r.1(her il 
ohcn nnl )' me.lIls th.lI ,I tl1s.lhkd pcrslln 
111.1)' dll somclh1l1g ,I lillie ddkl'l'ml), 
Inllll .1 nnndl,.lhled peNlIl . hUI II'lIh Ihe 
S.l llll' rcsul[ " 

Editor: 

Roben Clerisse 
Director 

Disabled Student Services 

L.IS[ Mond.I),. )·tlU primed ,I kllcr 
fwm Grcgll!)' M,lCCrone. MUir College 
Mcdl.l lXurd rcp . In whICh M.lcCn)ne 
defcnded Tlln Pickwell's l'xelllplIllll III 
his own puhhl',ltltln (Tlrl' Koala) lrom 
hiS propos,111ll eon,olid,Hc Ihc 
,lltern.1t1\,c mcdi.1 1111 c,lIn p1l5 IntO ·'tlnc 
jl1um.1I 111l11pnsi ng Ihc I'ICII'S nl ,I II " 
MacCrone echoed Pickwell's claim Ihat 
" The Koala is .not a political or ethnic 
public,"ion' .. ,lnd ob,crl'cd lil,1I ",Ill)' 
I;,Ul' 01 ,m)' lInc of (he .llJcucd p.lpl'rs 
Will gil'(' rhc rl',ld l' r ,I dl'.lr "t:nSl' III Ib 
poirllc.11 ,inti /or ethnrc \c,1n rngs " 

M.1cCronc .lIld Pl l kwell .lrl' nlll ,llnne 

in their belief [h.\[ "Anglo" means Ihe 
.Ibsence of elhnicllY, dnd Ih.lI 
celebrating the st.IIUS quo is nOl 
polilicai. They are not alone, but Ihey 
.Ire de.ld wrong. The po"tical and 
ethnic 1e,lI1l11gS of Tilt' Koala are every 
bil ,IS clearly cvidenced (Ihough not .IS 
fr.mkl), .lCknowledged ) ,IS Ihose of Ihe 
II l'W Illelinl/O,., PI'0I'Ic's V(lItl' . La Vo~ 

F""lftcn~(l , L 'CIr elyl III ,Ind Stlppllll SI1<:elI/5. 
On I)' thc f,ll'I Ih.1( Ihe), .Ire, .1( (hc 
prcsent momCnt. the domln,mt polllle.11 
,md Clhnrc \c.mings 01 US sociely ,llIows 
them III go UnS(.1tl'c\ The Koalel docs 
h.wc th,lI erue"ll "sl)lllclhlng in 
cOlllmon" II'lIh Ihc p.lpers ,1( whIch 
Pick\\cll's tnlll.III1'l' IS .lIl11ed HIS 
eXel11pllnn 01 It reflel'ls hiS own se lf-
Interest. JUSI .1S hi s ,\It,Kk 1111 the others 
rc tlens Ihe interests llf hiS ci.ISS, r,lce, 
,md gcnder. 

I JOin Gregnl), M,ICCnllle In urgtng 
yllU III sign thl' pctltlons whIch would 
get [hiS ,Ibsurd initl,llivc on Ihc b,IUOt. 
1 hen . whcn thl' rderendul11 IS 
presentl'd III the students on Novel11ber 
30 .lnd Dccl'lllbl'r 1 ,\I1d 2. Wl' C,Ul gil'c 
Pickwcll's prl)pllS,11 the hUl11lh.1(lng 
pubhc dde.1I II sn nchl), (iL'se rves. 

Nancy Relaford 

Why do the professors put up with this disturbance in the 
education process? Why don't they just walk out when the noise 
level reaches 100 decibels? Probably because the noise-makers ' 
would raise their voices even louder, protesting that they have a 
"right" to be taught. Now is the time for someone, be he or she 
professor or student, to stand up in a noisy, crowded lecture and 
yell , "Quiet." 

-CC 

Your opinions are worthless 
If you keep them tv yourself. The GuardiCIII 's opinion section IS Inrended to 
provide ,111 open forum for students , staff and faculty to exchange Iheir views on 
anything from car r.lllics to Ihe Kremlin. In all cases where Ihere are space 
limitations, student pieces WIll lake precedent over those of faculty or staff 
members. Don't get mad , gel wriling. Requirements for letters and Commentmy 
pieces are outlined below. 
Commentary Commentary pieces arc open 10 any concerned indIvidual as 
wcll as Guardian staffers. They should be three to four pages in length (typed, 
double spaced, 72-space lines) and have a clear thesis. They may be rebuttals to a 
Guardiall story or letter, bUI the wriler should concenrrale most of hIs or her effort 
on making a poi~t. The articles will be edited for grammar and spelling, but any 
major changes WIll be cleared with the author prior to publication. Inclusion of 
name and phone number is a must. 
Letters Letters to Ihe editor should be one to two pages in length and are 
normally reserved for Ihose who wish to object to and /or commend on an anicle 
or letter [har appeared rn the Guardian . Any letter of general interest to UCSD 
students, however, will be considered. Letters must be typed and carry Ihe writer's 
name and telephone number. Leuers may be edited for space considerations, but 
correCllons are not made to spelling and grammatical errors. 

UC:DGurN~ 
Copy Editor 

J.unes Ralph Papp 
Opinion Editor 
Thomas Rankin 

Editor 
Tlln August 

Associate News Editors 
Mike Greenberg 

Lisa Lapin 
Features Edilor 

Chris Young 
Arts Editor 

And rew Kceler 
Associate Arts Editor 

john Nl'C 
Sports Editor 
jeff S,lI'age 

Photo Editor 
Rit:h PClpk 

.. , 

1 he UCSD Guardian is puhlrshed 
~lo l1d .I )" ,lIld Thursd.I)·s dUring thl' 
,1l',ldcIIIIC ),CM h)' studcnts ilt UCSD 
Rl'pnxlul'llOn or lI~C II'lIhout 
pel'llIiSSll)11 Ill' an)' portilln \)1' Ihis 
nl'II'~p,lpCI' IS strit:tl), prllhibitl'd . NUl 
rl'~pnnSlhlc lilr unsllllcltcd 
1II.11111StTlptS llr all . 

Our ,)nicl' is Illcalt:tl sOll(hl'.ISt 01 
till' Rel'l'lk Pr\ll'IlSt Ofltl'c llll thc 
t.:( ~J) ,.lInl'lIS. The BU>lness On ll'l' 
IS l'pen 11'0111 ~ .lIn Itl noon .1Ilt! 1 
JlI1l 1.1 -) JlI1l 

Managing Editor 
Phil Lauder 

General Manager 
Chris Milke 

Associate General ~anagers 
Linda Lewis 

Valerie McMullin 
Photograp.hers 

Richard Calcrina 
Rob Friedenrhal 
M,lrk Johnson 
·Davld Newell 

Illustrators 
john Ashlee 

Garnell Fitz-Henlc), 
Kalhy Morrow 

Typesetters 
Anggie Lapid 
Phil LlUder 

Anti)' Laurcnl'c 
Chris Osterll'aldcr 

Production 
Hana Abnllns 

Lisa jones 
Vesna Kulasinlwlc 

Kellc), Nl'.11 
The UCSD Guardian 

UCSD, 8-016 
La Jolla. California 92093 

(6 19) 452-3466 

CommentarY-

The day after 
'The Day After' 
By DAVID M. HIRSCHMAN 

A lor of controversy and deh,Ite has 
been .... lIsed over the issue of ABC's 
airing of The [)(jy ,oyICl, d graphic 
portrdyal of life III the Wolke of d nuc\edr 
holocaust. The proponents of the mOVle 
s,lId that it would focus the public's 
,mention on "the tragedy waiting to 
happen," while its delr.1clOrs contend 
Ihat now lS Ihe time for "c.urn 
rationality" IIlslead of "mass hystcrid." 
Aflcr I mulled it over for awhile , it 
occurred to me that these ideas drc 
qUite lronk, for nClIhcr of rhe two 
Idealogic.t1 c.unps actuaU}, are what they 
dppear to be. They are both imposters. 
&:>1 h the "rdtional" and "hysterical" 
groups reaDy Jrc ignoring dltogether the 
ISSue of whether or 1101 The Day AJter 
should haw been broJdcaSl. 

My premise is really quire SImple: 
"cdlm ralionahty" has so f,n produced d 
verifiably IIlsane sltWtlon. Europe can 
be destroyed in 15 minutes, and the rest 
of the "civilized world" would, In the 
next hour, be hkcly (0 follow. Under the 
circumstarlces I would say that a little 
old fashioned hysteria may be 
warranted , but first let us define the 
tenns. 

Hysteria is based on emotion , while 
rJ tionahry is founded In reasoning. 
Hysteria then is only hysrerical when it 
L1cks purpose. It tS abundantly clear thilt 
Ihe Intenr of the proponents of The Day 
Afta is to eradicate. or at least to 

dllTIlilish , the posslblltty of nuclear \V,lr. 
Thus the hys[enc.11 lahel IS nOl 
applk.lble in this mstance. 

Turning now 10 rationality, or Ih.\t 
whIch is "b.1sed on re.1son ," wc find a 
polradox. Those who profess the ralional 
approach have led us down an 
undeviating path o( escalation to our 
prcscnr situation where ,III hum.mity 
lives under.l button . What's more , any 
section.11 conflIct has the potentlal to 
provoke d nuclear exchange between the 
super-powers rh.u would atrect billions 
of people , only .l tlny fraction of whom 
h.lVc dny ~take in the actual dispute. 

In the end we .Ire led 10 .1 sel of 
cIrcumstances III many WJYs analogous 
to the p.1t1ents in the in;;,\t1~ ,"ylum m 
Thr Kmg oj Hruns who, afler wdlchmg 
the GennJn and English Jnnles 
methodically mow each other down m 
World War 1, tum their bdcks on Ihe 
"real world" dnd retreat happIly behmd 
the WdJlS of Iheir tnstitutions, leaving 
the "sane people" outside to do what 
they may. Unfonun.1tely, however, 
today's nuclear war would nor leave Ihe 
inhabitants of ,111 insane asylum or 
anywhere else untouched. 

We must now face the unaVOIdable 
conclUSIOn [hdl somewhere along the . 
line our world was turned upSIde down , 
lor the ins,me are in positions of 
political power, while the rdtiorul are 
judged to be hysterical. 

Calumnist 

George 
Who played a Dangerous Game, and suffered a 
Catastrophe of considerable Dimensions. 

When UCs presldcnt W.1S told 
UC hold heen good .IS gold, 
III.' promIsed when Ihl' budgel ceased 
To gel 11 .In immense mereilse. 
And so he wlil, ,It which point when 
'Twill come under DeukmeJlan's pen. 
And making taxes InU h 100 high 
Expire with a little sigh. 

. .. . . 

The lights go OUI! The classrooms shut! 
Computer rcrrmnals go "Phut. " 
Professors. in the Wide melee, 
Go into private induslry, 
And weapons research (here , abroad) 
And tilling 0f the slllbborn sod; 
And some these wastes and eVIls pass 
By driving lrucks and seiling gas I 
(So very great an evil for 
The srudents need the Jobs f.'If more, 
A thmg rhey nel'er dId before.) 

• ••• 
When help amves. among the dead: 
L1b animals, not bemg fed , 
UCSD (whIch had gone dark 
And Ihen was made a business park), 
The scholars, research , Federal aid 
And, I am dreadfully afraid , 
Our books, a massive concentralion. 
now being used for insulildon 
(Sold off al seven cems Ihe pound). 
And now Deukmejian can'l be found , 
Whose campaign literature didn't succeed, 
Since there was none left who could read. 

MORAL 
The moral is that Heads of State 
Should pay up e'er It is [00 late. 

UC Crafts Center, Revelle Campus 
between Bonner Hall and the 

Thursday 
10 'am - 7 pm 

Student Center. Friday 
10 am - 6 pm 



6 '\/"""111/" '1 28, } lJ/iJ 
NEWS , 

. («:t:<< ~ "f::;.'?,. ~ ! .. , .. ~ '. ,x .' ,. '... . ,-",.: • ," ., ? • • ' .. 

Statistics show new UCSD students 
rate lower than predecessors 
By DENA ROSEN 

The typic~ 1 freshman of thiS quarter IS 
male, white and from the San Diego 
arC,l , according to statistics on the fall 
'S3 freshman c1,lss. He applied early to 
UCSD and probably had d slightly lower 
graCie poi nt average ilnd SAT score th,m 
his predecessors, SlJtisticdl infonndtion 
can not predict the future perfonnance 
of ,my group of students. It can, 
however, provide clues to the chdrdCler 
and potential of the mcoming class. 

More Mudents applied to UC D for 
thts fJlI qu,mer shan ever before, 
accordmg to Ron,lId Bowker. director of 
Admissions ,md Registr,uion. ' UC D 
had a brger pcrccntage mcreJSC of 
,lpp1tC,In tS th,111 ,Iny other UC !cJmpus! 
dUring the Prlomy Flhng Period ." 

Thl> follows with the general trend m 
the UC system; out of the 60.000 
dppltCJntS to the s~stcm , 50000 'Ipphed 
dUring this period Because of the nood 
of eJrly Jppitc,ltions, UCSD \\',l forced 
to close JdmlSSlon~ on December 1. at 
the end of the Priority Filing Penod for 
fall '83. In contrast, applications were 
still ocmg accepted through FcbruJry 17 
for faU '82. Of the students who JPpliecl 
for fJU 'S3, S2% were accepted . .lnd 
54% reglsrered at UC D 

This IS in comp.l!ison to the 76% of 
the applica11ls lor f,11i 'S2 who were 
accepted and 49% of those who 
registered here Bowker .warns against 
Jumping to conclusIOns about figures 
reg,udmg appltcd11tS ,md enrollmenrs 
hcc,lu~ <)1 the multitude of f.1ctors 
mvolved m the proces!> till . flOO more 
<;tudents 'Ipplied dunng f,11i '83 PrIom), 
FI1tng Period th,In 1.111 til. -UCSD IS 
h..· Ullmntng InLrc.1o; mgly well-known ,md 
rc,;pl'ctl'd . espccl,llIy ,Imong engmeerlng 
'itudelll~. \\ ho m,l) he opting lor UC~D 
over Ihe tr.ldltwn.lliy imp,ll:tcd 
dep,mmcms ,It UCU\ .md Berkele}'." 
SI.lteS Bowker. 

The emellng GPA's ,lIld test scores lor 
f,11I '83 ,Ire expected to follow the 
n,ltionwlde trend III decline. ,llthllugh 
deflnltc SI,1I15tJCS .Ire not )'CI ,mlll ... ble. 
The mc,m ('PA III ue~D eJl(ermg 
freshlllCil h,ts gone lrom 3.-7 in 1979 [0 
154 In 1980 .md 353 in 1981 SAT 
~orl'S h,II'c ,II l) hcen lln the 
down~\\'mg. The Illl',1Il SAT cOlll posite 
tol,11 rm thl' 1,111 'HI IreshmCll \\,.15 1058; 
for 1,10 '82 tiM ligllre IS 1048. 

Whethcr or not lowl'!' ICSI Itgurcs IS 
,Ill IIldJ(,\tIon III !.me!' qu.llity , tlldl'ms 
IS thc subJI'L( III dd),ltl' . Jl.'ilrcy ·tcilldorr. 
from the Olflce nl the As~llCl .IIC Vice 
e h,tncdlor Il'r I'Lmnlllg. expl,lIns -Tht' 
Prl'sldl'nt's C\lIllIllISSII)Jl nn EXl:ellence 
h.ls sllId lcd Ihc dechnc III It'St ~on:., III 

th e last twenty )'C,\I'S 1 he Commission 
h,ls recommended ,I more rigid set of 
high school requirements which would 
presum.1bly r,lise te t scores. TillS 
progr,lm includes four ye,lrs of mdth , 
three ye,lrs of science, four ye,\I's of 
enghsh dnd two years of a foreign 
I.l ngu,lge." 

teindorf also points out tht validity 

fi ... 1 rqistnttion figuifi at UCSD 
for the faD lCJ8l acadnnic -qu.ner 
shC'IW the 1.l~st l'nrollmcnr in the 

sc~ htStory 13,682 undergrad-
Uitte and graduate ~udtnts. 

The (,10 enrollment includes Il.lll 
undergrddwlC'S, an tncre3se of 549 
O¥er faU quMCr 1982. and 2.560 
pCIUIIlleS, .HI Increase gf 25 over-Iolal 

of the SATs themselves. ,IS .In ,I(:l'uratc 
I11C,lsure of ,Iptllude Jnd ,llhic\'l'l1lcnt, 
h.1s hecn 'iCrtously queo;rloncd Dr Paul 
,tl£I11,\I1 . ,t hlolog)' professor .\1 U D. 

d,lims th,1t ,llthough scores h,I\'c hem 
lo\\'er m recent 'yCJrs for entCri ng 

In:~hmJn . the qu,llity 01 thc slUdcllts I~ 
.1((u,llI), hlghcr 

uco;n ,tttr.ICt~ Stlldl'nt5 prlln,trlly f!'<lm 
the S,1Il DICg'). Los Angrlc~ . ,lilt! S,1Il 
Fr.tn l'ISCIl BJ} ,I re.I'> , ,1l'Cordl ng to 

from Los Angeles County, while the San 
Fr.tnt:Jsco Jre.1 cI,lims Jbout 25%. The 
rem,linder come from either another 
pan of C.tlifomi,1 or from another state. 

rhe ethnic chsmhution of the fall '83 
freshmen closely resembles the pattern 
of the 1981 ,Ind 1982 freshmen ,lI1d 
thcrelore sc rves ,IS ,I good I11dlcdtor of 
the ethn ic p.lttern of UCSD JS ,1 whole , 
The Llrgest ethniC group IS CaucaSian, 
col11 posing 71 % 01 the entering c\,ISS. 

Fifteen ,lIld ollc-half rercent of the 
freshmen .Ire Orient,\ , 7 2% ,Ire 
Chk,\I1o or of Sp.lI1ish des ell! ,md 

3.3"~) arc hlack. The remaining 2.4~) 01 
those who supphed thiS IIlI(mnJIIOn 
d,lss iiteu themselves in some other 
ethnic group Dcspite thIS low 
perccnt,lgc of mtnOrltles, 100 more 
students dtd enroll in UCSD. thIS 1.111 
th,1Il Inst 1010 lhrough Ihe Education 
Opponunity Progmm. which IS deSigned 
to aid minority students in achieving 
theIr educational goals 

The f .. 11 '83 male/ female mtio also 
imitates previous p.lllerns. Of the 
frcshlThln class, 51% of the students are 
men ,md 49% .lre women. ThIS is in 
comparison to the 60% male and 40% 
female ratio mat at one time existed at 
UCSD. Bowker comments that. ·This 
gap has been narrowing over .t long 
period of time. More and more women 
are breiiking through into what would 
ha\le b«cn considered trdditionaUy 'md\e' 
fields." 

Lettau 
(('"'"It'' 'e) JIe'IlI /~IX" .J 
Cl' n"ul'(' have hcell kcpt~cret \ 'Il l' 
ChJncellM Ledden rdu~d III dl$cUSS 
the IndUe I , ,Ind Chancellor Atkinson WJ~ 
((X) busy" (U LOmmCIlI . according to hiS 

priv,ltI.' seuet.1I')'. Dum Kdl,IIJ .. 
D.1vld Crown. he,ld of the Literature 

Dcpdnment , also didn't rCoid the censure 
,md st,nes that his Department has 
tdken, and pl.ms to Idke. no action 
J~.lI11St L.clldU s bout 01 mlsbeh,\VIor. 

This IS not the ftrst time LetlJu has 
f.lUen under scrutiny_ He distinguished 
hunsdf once by hitting ,m on-campus 
Marine Corps recrum:r on:r the he,ld 
with a rolled-up neWSP.1per V C 
Ledden ~ems to ta~c thiS m(ldcnt 
!'Jther lightly' -I dont think He tLetl,lu) 
actudlly hit him (thc recruiter); hl' 
hIpped hilll ... he didn 't slug hlln: 

Ledden d,lims thdt the letter W<lS 
",Ihsolutely" "ppl'llpn,l(c ,mel th ,1t thl~ i;, 
.t "sc\'ere pen,tit} ." Ledden s,lId th,\{ he 
docs nm thmk .I u:nurcd prolcssor h,I5 
c\'Cr been 11 red from UCSD lor 
misconduct. or for .In)' other reason 

Accordtng to Ledden. the ch.1ncellor 
procrJSlln,lted in t,lkmg ,K!Jon hcc,tUSC, 
"The \\ ay our f,\Culty code works is that 
nOthing tS done Intern,tll)' until the 
mdtter is settled 111 colin. ,mel th ,lt did 
not take pl'lCe till mid August.. .. When 
Ledden was asked if ,I UIlII;ersity policy 
exists th,1t deJIs with faculty members , 
convicted of crimes. he replied. "I don 't 
thmk so. Should there be?" 

Lett,lu himself refused to he 
imclViewed . 5.1)'ing th,lt. "I'm ,I lude 
tired of ,III thc publicit)' surroundlllg this 
Issue .... Other people gCt $25 lor \\ ming 
on the w,11I I grew up III N,d Ge nn,my. 
,lilt! I know when It'" time to shut up, 
,md It'S time to shut up ." 

All Blonds Import .... Inc .. __ . Sole U.S. Import .. 0 .----------------------------------:: ... ~_:::=::t!ll .~-----..., 

Imported Moosehead. Sta_ MU IICI uders _e. nit. 
IIW(E FOR MOOSEIIEAD. WREN YOU NINI DON,. HIYE. 

John Anderson brings charisma 
and a new party platfonn to UCSD 
By ETHAN FEERST 

He was the qUiche-eaters ' candidate, a 
Doonesbury hero and Ihe darling oj wine-
and-cheese liberals. After 20 )'tars oj 
JaithJul party service, the Ihm-chairman oj 
Ihe House Repubtican Commitlee rose Jrom 
obscurity to shun party aUiances and go Ihe 
independent roule. For a time, it almost 
seemed lilre he could pull tt off Indeed, an 
ABC-Hams news survey taken in June 
saw Ilhnois congressman John B. 
Anderson leading in rht nation's 
ten largest states. 

During the subsequent 
summer months hiS visibility 
decreased as he concentrated on 
fighting kogal barrles to get his 
na Iile on t he ballot IPl all fifty 
stares. Although the legal efforts 
SIl LCCCdecl With SIX courtroom 
vlctones, Anderson's standing In 
the polls declined. Unable to 
llIatch the S29 million Federal 
campaign Junds oj his opponents, 
he seented to be held in limbo, 
somewhere between Ihe 
establishment and not. Reagan 
debaled him, and although 
Carter reJused (as he claimed 
Anderson was 1'101 a "viable" 
candidate), cable television aired 
a Ihree-man , tape -delayed 
version oj the Reagan-Carter (. 
Anderson, if you watched cable) 
debale. 

The time has come nor only to reflect 
but to determine what kind of dialogue 
we ought to have on that very impol't.lnt 
issue." 

This was the central focus of 
Anderson's address. As he expounded 
on the history of the anns race, his 
finger pointed blame nor at President 
Reagan, or the conse~atives . but at the 

Washington 's current array of lavish 
defense programs, namely the cruise, 
the MX and the newly announced 
midget-man missile. ·And if that's nor 
enough," he continued, -the latest in the 
newspeak that is (oming out of 
Washington , and .again the collaborative 
effon of both old panies, is so!l'ething 
caDed 'build down.' That means that for 

Ullimately the outcome oj this 
two and one-half candidatt: race 
delivered none oj Ihe odd 
assortment oj speculaled 
possibUilies. Anderson got his 
needed five percenl (10 qualify 
Jar Federal matchingJunds) 
without lipping the election tnto 
the House oj Represenlatives or 
sendin.!; possible Carter delegates 
to Reagan. Anderson's National 

"There isn't, perhaps. any more Jundamental issue confronting the nallOn Ihan Ihe issue oj war and 
peace. And loday oj course is Ihe day aJter The Day After. The lime has come to nOI only reflect but to 

delc~inc wll,al Rind oj dtbatt and discussion and dialogue we ought 10 have on thaI very important 
issue. 

Unity Campaign had become Ihe 
most succesiful independent effort since 
Teddy Roosevelt's in 1912. 

.(..Cl5t Monday afternoon on the Hump. 
Anderson addressed several hundred UCSD 
students aboul the upcoming elections, the 
threat of nuclear war and the need Jar a 
new political Jorce to offer an alternative 10 
the "two old parties . .. 
"T here isn't, perhaps, any more 

fundamental issue 
confronting the nation than 

the issue of war and peace. And today, 
of course, is the day after Tlte Day After. 

-

-

~ --, g ~AII!n!ri 

nation's two-pany political system. In 
noting thJt the democrats' alternattve to 
Reagan 's JanU.lry defense proposal only 
totaled a difference of two percent, he 
satd that "the real point is that both 
panies arc collaborating in the idea that 
we can maintain a balance of power. 
that we can, somehow, thereby preserve 
a deterrent .... The thought occurs to me 
that the very weapons on which we are 
relying today for that deterrent are not 
making us feel more secure." 

He cont inued to heavily criticize 

SIaM " 0 SapII O i O Sl O GnxI .J 

~ TtIe .... Nev., ... n a ..... , TIm. to Qe' VISA- and 
tI MathtfCald- C,.." Cardlt Ap.,ry Today! 

each new, more sophisticdted weapon 
that you are able to manufJcture .. nd 
produce. we will then destroy two of the 
obsolete ones. In the meantime we're 
going to go ahead and build new, more 
devastating, more accurate weapons .... 
[That] is not going to solve the kind of 
problem that Jgi tdted and disturbed the 
Sixty or seventy million people that were 
watching their television screens last 
night: 

Ander~n stepped along CJutiously as 
he outlined esoteric lheories that 

With the Latest Education 
from Sasson. Sebastion. & 

Toni & Guy ... 
'"Let Us Design 

A Style For 
YOUr 

embody a completely restructured vision 
of world relations ..... In the current 
dialogue mat is going on between the 
twO old parties ! there is not I any 
indication mat they are willing to break 
out of the self-imprisoning mold of 
thought into which we have casr this 
whole debate on national security .... Do 
we reaDy feel more seqJre?" he asked 

rhetoricaDy. "J think 
emphaticaDy the answer is no. 
And the solution is to break 
out of th.!t self-imprisoning 
mold of thought and to 
redefine what we really mean 
by nationdl securi ty ." 

Almost as t f expecting the 
Jccusatlons of bookish 
pretentiousness, Anderson 
ex plamed, -I'm not trying to 
be a philosopher-king. Other 
.people have said thiS before 
me." He went on to quote a 
senes of educators and 
intellectuals, including the 
head of Cal Tech, physicist 
Marvin Goldberger, Emery 
Reeves (from his book the 
Analomy oj Power.) Jonathan 
Shell in the Fate oj the Earth 
,lnd Alben Einstein. who sdid 
back in 1955, -With the 
unleashing of the atom, unless 
we adopt a substa11lially new 
way of thinking about our 
relattonships With other 
ndtions, we are on a collision 
course with disaster." 

•... What we've gOt to have 
IS a system based on the rule 
of law: he explained , using 
Grenada as an example. 
.! Grenada) violated the basic 
Idea that if we're gOing to 
have J pe,lCeful world. we're 
going to hJve to h.we the 

kind of machinery for settling disputes .. . 
that John Kennedy talked about in his 
inaugural twenty years ago .... It's not mat 
revolutionary, but we've lost Sight of it 
completely. 

"We've got to ... declare as a nation 
our goal is going to be to create vh\ble . 
new international order .. . that we will 
then work with might and main to create 
the institutions that can enforce it. We 
don 't have them now. 1 know the 
defects in the United Sldtes ... ! But] 

plcase 'III" '(I page }O 

Call for 
Appointment 

3251 Holiday Court 
Suite 201 

(Above St, Germaine's) 



EMSSA Soccer Game 
Students vs . Faculty and Graduate Students. Saturday, December J at 1 

pm on Warren East Field (by the track). We are holding a student practice 
on Thursday, December I at 4 pm on Third College Field . Everyone 
welcome to participate. Show your enthusiasm and soccer talent. 
Refreshments provided at the game. 

Perlonnances from the Birdcage Review 
Barry Brown , Kevin Walsh,james Ralph Papp, Linda Nelson-Calley, Karl 

Koeseler, Walter Mann, Elevator Music, PhotOgraphy, Art and much more .. 
Copies of the latest BCR will be available. 
Thursday, Dec. 1, 4 pm, North Conference Room. Refreshments served. 

Delicious breakfast 
served daily from 

8-11 am. 

Wednesday, November 30 
All you can eat for $3.00 

5 -7 pm featuring live 
jazz entertainment 

Live entertainment all through 
the week duringlunch/ dinner 

Could you find this bin? 
It recycles 1/2 a ton of glass per month. Meet the people responsible for 

this tonnage Monday nights at 5 pm in the Che Cafe or call x2569 or 
x2430. 
(Answer: In the Che Cafe parking lot) 

YOU A~ INVITt.O TO TAIc:[ A 

MON~Y5 I 7: 15 PM 
C~ANCtLLO~'5 COMPI..[X ",".lll-A 

J'oin ~ io .. an ClAci+i~ t ·,m«. of -S~lIowlh;p, 
<ntcu·talnmcrnt , $1n9'"9. and In~9ht Into .... 

~r~cn~1 r&lahon.nip WIth Juu~ Chrl!tt . 
~!'I&ontcl b.,t 

CAMPUS CI2U5~D( fo .. C\~R\5T 

Have Finals Got You Down? 

Burnout Center 
in the Muir Fishbowl 

Grand Opening - Monday, Dec. 5 at 7 pm 

tea 

POPCorn 
early morning pany 

surprises 

Open 24 hrs. if YOU \loluntur. 
sign-up in MOM during 1 Dth Week or at the 

Midnight Breallfast. Meeting oj aU interested people 
Monday, Dec. 5 at 6 pm in the Fishbowl 

Muir Progmm Board Meetings 
Every Tuesday from 2 pm to 3 pm 

In the Muir Apanment Lounge 
For More Information Contact 

Carmen at 695-9435. 

Laser Instiblle 'of ______ _ 
America Meeting _____ _ 

Everyone is welcome to attend! Monday 
November 28 at 1 pm, 5th floor conference 
room in AP&M. 

Attention Ski Club Members 
The Mandatory AD-CAL Meeting is scheduled for Wednesday night 

November 30, at 8 pm in the Rec. Gym Conference Room. We'n be meeting 
at the Pub before the meeting for 10% off pizza and ~ beers for ski club 
members. Bring your ski club 10's. ALSO we'U give you an the trip info and 
also get some thumper practice! 

Professional Billiards exhibition 
Pro pool player Jack White will perform in the Pub on Wednesday, 

November 30 from 5:30 to 7 pm. Admission is free. Sponsored by the 
Student Center Board. 

Finals are approaching! 
UC5D 50ft Reserves has photocopied material for 75 
classes. (Past/current homework/exam solutions, 
professor lecture nOles, readings, etc. depending on class) 
Ames lOlA, 113, 130A, 132, 207, 21OA, 241A, 294; Bio 1. 3, 20,101.103, 104, Ill, 
122,131, 141,151; Chern 4, 6A (Shuler, Wurrey), 6C, 120A, 126,130,I40A(Bond, 
Goodman), 141A, 143; Chin Lit. J I, 41 ; Comm. 150; Econ 120A, 170A, 172; EECS 
50A, 132, 135A, 146A, 152A (Davidovichi, Helstrom), 154A, 161, 165, 175B, 178; 
Math I B, !C, 20A, 2EA, 2F. 4C, 110, 120A, 130A, 170A, lBOA, 210; Physics lA, IC, 
lA. 2AS, 2C, 2CS. 2D, 3A, lOOA, 1 lOA, 200A; Poli Sci 102E, 166F; Psych 151; Urb 
Srud 144A 

If your class isn't here , ask your prof to submit material to us. We 
photocopy through graphics (2 days) and sen to you for 5¢/ copy. l;iqurs: 
10th week: M-F 4-5, Sat 12-3. Finals Week: Sun 12-3, MTW 10-4, ThF 11- ' 
3. Rm. 118 Student Center, across from the Pub. x6256. Cash and checks to 
UC Regents accepted. Previous material also available. 

A Discussion about AIDS 
AIDS (AcqUired Immune Deficiency Syndrome). Health Care, 

Psychological Effects and confronting mortahty. A discussion with Hal 
Frank, PhD. of the Shanti Support Network. Monday, November 28 in the 
Revene Informal Lounge at 7 pm. Sponsored by U,GO-UCSD. 

PICK OUR 
POCKET 
AT OUR BIG 
10% OFF 
SALE 
ASSORTED 
Your On-Campus 
Record 8. Tape Co-op 

Open M-W 10-5 
10th Week 

EXTRA SPECIAL 
TOK SA90 \ 

$2.99 
Buy J Ma~Ds &: 
get a tapt deck 
care kit FREE! 

Stop! Look Again . .. 



Anderson 
tll/lIl1tlll'd/IOIlI I )" ~l 7 
we ought ro say we drc WIlling to try ro begm to bUIld 
these kind~ of institution . It's goi ng ro be ,Ill 
evolulIon,IIY process. First on .I regional , then on ,I 
global b,lSIS, 1\\ e InU t I begm to recognize the spirit of 
the rule of law ,lnd enforce it. 

-That's something you're not getting I m the currcnl 
dl,tlogue I. It's too d,lIlgerous, It ,macks the Idcas of 
unlettered , unrestricted n,lIion,11 sovereignlY. No 
politician is gomg to d,He 5.1)' tholt bec,lUse when you 
t,llk olbout dOing something to re triet In,ltIonal 
overclgnt}'1 In the Intere~t s of ne,lIing a VIable, new 

world system, th,ll goes through people's feehngs of elf 
c~tcem, ,tnd they're going to be wounded ,md injured 
In the process .... I don't CMC whethcr they fed Ih,ll 
wa)' or no!. I think thc lImc has come Il) ,\Illculatc and 
t,llk ,lbout this problem In tcnlls th,tt \\C slInply ,Ire not 
gctil ng." 

1 he public school systcm bec,une one of the many 
vlctllns of defense s~ndlng, mAnderson's ,Ippraisal of 
the currenl sltU<l!lon -BoIh parties ," he noted, 
"collaborated on ,md JPproved .I 249.8 bilhon defense 
budget when we have ,t Na tional CommIssion on 
Ex ellence In Education saying we've gOl an 
educationJI system which, If it had been Imposed on 
us from without, we would have literally regarded ... as 
.In Jct of WM. The}' went on to SJy that we are at risk 
and that the 'Window of vulnerability' we ought to be 
clos mg is the fJct thJt we are nOl trailllng and 
eduelling the kind of people that are going to be 
qualified for the jobs of the future ." 

"If we 're so secure. why is Doomsday only 30 minutes away?" 

business. These "systemiC failures," he claims, are 
responsIble for the government'S inability to treat .. ... 
the nation's endemic problem of a. $200 billion deficit." 

The former Illinois congressman believes his 
National Unity P.my WIll nOt only proV ide alternatives 
in the ,Ireas of nallonal security ,md foreign polic)1 but 
that,thls new entity could be immune to the influence 
of speclJllmerests , political action commlllees ,md bIg 

In order to get on the C.lIifornia baUOI, the National 
Unity P,my requires a [Otal of eighty thouSJnd people 
[0 h,we filled III the blank on registration cards and 
have sem them in by January 4. 

One slLldent asked, "What makes you think that thc 
coumry is now ready to .lCcept a new third pany?" He 

, 
-------------------------------_ .. SPAGHETTI! 

ALL YOU CAN EAT! 
$2.50 

Mondays: 3:00 pm til dose 
r------------------------------
I U CSD Special l 
:FREE Pitcher of Beer with any large Pizza: 
I ~~~~~ I 

Open for Breakfast at 9 :00 am 
Phone Ahead 452·0661 All Items Available To Go! 

Style Italian Eatery 
3945 Governor Driv~. University City, Saf"way Shopp>n~ Center 
Hours: 9am • 9pm daily; 9am - II pm Friday and Sa turday . 

I 

answered, "Because we have a generation of young 
people today who are much brighter than when I was 
coming out of college. They have sense enough [0 
realize thaI we are at the moment of truth . I JUSt think 
thaI the problems are that much more serious and that 
much more severe. The precedents of what happened 
in the past I regarding third paniesl don't reaDy have 
any relevance to what has ro be done 10 create a bener 
future ," 

SOFT CONTACT LENSES 
One Hour Service in mostc~ 

~ ~~ 
INCLUDES: 
Contact lenses, examination, 
patient training, follow up, 
chemical care kit and fitting. 
EXTENDED WEAR LENSES 
ONLY $I6J.OO 

THE CLASSICAL EYE 
DR. ROBERT HELlER OPrOMETRlST 

La Jolla Vlflage Square 
(Inside the Mall; lower Level) 

8657 Villa La Jolla Drive. Suite 1 36 
451-7374 

Hydrocurve extended wear lenses avaifabte, 

Fall quarter reading Thursday- at 4 pm 

Capturing the art in the Birdcage 
By TOM McDONALD 

On a brisk winter d.iy two years ago, 
a music student overstepping his genre, 
sat in the Revelle fountain wearing only 
diapers on his body and plastiC manian 
antennas on his head . The founldin 
water spouted up, gracefuUy arched over 
toward the center, and ca~aded down 
upon his head. 

Last spring. in cahoots with the 
undergraduate ans festival , the Louis 
Rose Memorial Rock was wrapped, 
Cristo-like, with a different cover 
everyday for a week. As I passed the 

rock each day that week. a noticeable 
exci tement had been generated by the 
multi-colored transfonnations that took 
place. 

Each quaner students meets with 
wnters in writing workshops to read, 
evaluate and criticize edch other's work. 

An is ubiquitous at UCSD. And it is 
the intention of the Birdcage Review, like 
that of the cited events, to make the 
plethora of undergraduate work here a 
little more public, a bit more obVIOUS. 

The Birdcage Review was founded with 
a simple objective in mind: to publish 
work solely by undergraduates for 
reading by a broad audience. 
Additionally, the founding editors, Peter 
Monensen, David Rowich and Douglds 
Smith, thought that the writing program 
should have an annual and 
representative record of work by 
students. 

The name, they inSIst, instructs not 
where to dispose of the Review after 
reading it bur rather "reflects the 
qualities of unprerntiousness and 
accessabiliry: In their first forward , they 
wrote on the beginnings of the BCR: 
"The response was tremendous. 
Everything from faculty suppon to 
funding ro the practically unmanagable 
number of submissions pointed to the 
Birdcage Review fiUing a need perceived 
by many on this campus. Among the 
submissions were pholOgraphs, 
drawings and several musical scores. It 
seemed the natural thing 10 expand the 
breadth of the review to encompass the 
fine ans in general. Moreover, proViding 
such a forum would hdp alleviate the 
stigma of UCSD being a 'science 
campus' through showing the diversity 
and quality of undergraduate work in 
other areas." 

With the heanwanning response to 

Birdcage 
Review 

Fall 1982 

the first issue and with additional 
funding Conn the Associated students. 
the Literature depanment and the 
Assistant Chancellor, the Birdcage Review 
was able to become quanerly and 
increase the number of copies from 300 
to 750. Graduate schools where many 
UCSD students apply were sent 
complimentary copies. Also, libraries 
were contacted regarding taking 
subSCriptions to the OCR. AU in all the 

OCR's porential and influence was 
expanded so thdt it not only provided d 
means by which undergrdduate students 
could express their anistic Idlents but 
also provided a promorional tool for the 
undergraduate community--a 
constituency of the university that is 
often ingnored or portrayed negatively. 

The Birdcage's interest not only in the 
end result of student efforts but also in 
the effons themselves, resulted in the 
creation of anicles to illustrate the issues 
and processes surrounding the 
production of an. The "Talking Shop" 
series began with the intention of 
featuring interviews with notable 
professors in the ans on bOth their 
ideas of an and the process of its 
desemination . "Processes' was 
introduced to examine the interaction of 
students and teachers in a collaborative 
setting. 

This quarter, Talking Shop IV fedtures 

writing teachers Ernest L1rsen and 
She rely Anne Willians talking about 
writing and teaching fiction. Processes 1lI 
documents Rienhard Lettau's advanced 
ficllon workshop, evaluating several 
students stories. These features 
complement the uSUdI selection of 
undergraduate authors , who are 
developing their own styles. 

To ceiebr,ue d quaner long effon and 
to promote and dIstribute each issue, 

The Unlverslly of Texas Health 
SCience Center at Dallas IS a 
malor center for researCh In the 
Biomedical SCiences, 
OpportunIties are avallaole for 
high ly IndiVidualized graduate 
research training programs 
With an outstanding faculty of 
over 250 Investigators, 
Attrachve shpends are available 

Areas of speCialization 
Include 
Biochemistry 
Molecular Biology 
Pharmacology 
BiophySICS 
Immunology 
PhYS iology 

For further Information contact 
J T Stull. Ph D. Assoclale Dean 
of the Graduate School of 
Blomedlcat SCiences UniverSIty 
of Texas Health SCience 
Center. 5323 Harry Hines 
Blvd , Dallas. Texas 75235 
Phone. 2 ' 4/088·33 t 0 

Cell Biology 
MIcrObiology 

Ul HSCD I~ dll eQUdl 'OppofljjM~ 
univerSI ty 

the BCR staff holds a reading <It the end 
of e<lch quaner. Originally the event was 
an informa l gathering of staff members 
and contributers. While still quite 
informal, it is now dubbed 
"Performances from the Birdcage Review," 
and includes music. poetry and prose 
readings, drama, translations, video, and 

. an and photo exhibits. 

This qUdners perfonnance features 
poets Jane Tassi , Bany IIfown, Walter 
Mann and .inda Nelson-Colley. 

Birdcage ( Review 

Univenity IX California, San Diqo 
Winter 1983 

upplementmg hiS esSJY entitled "A 
Defense of Bound Verse," James Ralph 
PdPP will read a selection of poems that 
fall into that c.ucgory. Kevin WJlsh Will 
playa recordi ng of Russia n poet Anna 
Ak hmatov ,md read hIS english 
tmn lation of her poem "Leningrad 
Elegy." Karl Roeseler WIll read his srory 
"The G<lrden." 

Featured music includes a staged 
versIon of "Elevator Music" in addition 
ro Corry Grindle's "ApanmenLliving," 
ilnd "Dog Tag." 

Anisrs LlUra Cooper, Jennifer 
Andersen and Robert Fricdemh,tl will 
exhibit their work, 

Copies of this quarter's Birdcage 
Review will be available for the first time. 

..Performances .. ... will tdke place on 
Thursday, Dec. I .It 4:00 pm., North 
Co nference Room , Student Center. 

'uc Son Diego 
Mechanical Engineering Club 

"Engineering Aspects of 
RUM III - Remote Control 

Underwater Vehicle 

Tuesday. NO'Mmber 29 
6:00 pm UH 2102 

RON HORN. Currently a Dell. Engineer tor 
SlO Marine Physical Lab, Has a 

background In Aeronautical Engineering 
and has worked fOf GE Re5each Lab, 

Rosemont Eng, & othel$. This Is his Jrd. year 
with MPL For more Info coli lC2416. 



" 

Suit yourself-
In the closet with Esquire 
By JAMES RALPH PAPP 

In 1966, college campuses across the 
nation were ablaze with demonstrations, 
mind-altering drugs and mind-altering 
issues. However. there was one group 
which, whatever upheaval one 
happened to be attending, was 
concerned that one was well dressed . 
That is why chapter seven of the Esquire 
Fashions Jor' Men book i~ entitled "The 
College Wardrobe ," and why it prefaces 
Its remarks with a quotation from The 
Harvard Crimson (upon learning that 
Yalemen would be reqUired to wear ties 
and Jackets at all meals): "You can't 
make a silk purse out of a sow's ear." 

Within the EsqUire system there was 
no room for closet re;iolutlonaries, drug 
users or homosexuals, there was no room 
in the closet for anything but clothes. 
Their minimum wardrobe contained 24 
different Items , each ranging in quantity 
from one to a dozen. The "well-
rounded" collegian has 10 own 45 items, 
whose multiplied quantity requires room 

, for 97 articles: suits, sport jackets, snap-
brrm felt hats, glove , braces and 
handkerchiefs. This, of course, is the 

male wardrobe, for thel .! IS no female 
equivalent of either esquire or Esquire. 

What 24 or 45 pieces of clothing 
could one own without duplication, 
sI nce this list IS nOl designed for those 
who only wash their clothes evety 24 or 
45 days' Track shoes, white socks, non-
descript shorts and polo shirt brings us 
to four, or five if one COUntS each sock. 
Part of the explanation fo r the 
extenS iveness of the wardrobe is cold 
weather; this was in the days when 
Southem California was only a rumor in 
New York .(a rumor which today has 
been all but squashe·d). So 'there is 'the 
neceSSity for one (Weed or worsted 
topcoat, one ramcoat, one OUler Jacket, 
one pair of gloves and 12 
handkerchiefs. No one in San Diego, of 
course, owns a raincoat, which gives 
one the dubious pleasure every winter of 
hearing a number of very wet people 
resentfuUy relate how they have never 
known San Diego 10 have had rain like 
this in the one ad nallseum number of 
years they have lived here. 

1''''C1$(' tUnl ta I'<I/(" I 7 

on 14K gold ~ Rings. 

,:~, Now;; lhe lime 10 Ihink about 
• your college ring . Not just any 

DATE: 11/28 - 11/30 
TIME: 9am-4pm 
PLACE: University 

Bookstore 

r: 1983 .4f\CarvOd Class Rongs IFlC 

ring- a 14K Gold College Ring from 
ArtCarved. The karat gold jewelry 

that's designed and handcrafted lor 
lasting value. 

And now an ArtCarved 14K Gold 
College Ring is more affordable than you 
think. Choose from an entire collection of 
14K Gold ArtCarved College Rings and 
save $25. This offer is lor a limited time 
only, so come in and see all the great 
ArtCarved styles with the custom options 
that can let you have the ring of your 
choice, the way you want it. So graduate 
in style. Graduate 10 gold! 

DepoSit ReQUifed 
MasterCard or Visa Accepted 

• Ncthtng else feels hke real gold tp 

Vacation Jobs 
for 

Sodal Change 
Wolit for consumer rights. 

envlraunental protection with 
CalPIRG. the state·s largest 
public 1ntereII organ12aUon. 
£am $135-225 per week on 
c:tu.n outreach staff, PoIltionl 
avajlabJe in BerteJey. LA. San 
DAego fcrOlr1stmasbntatand 
fuD-Ume jobI. InteMewI on 
cx::DnJU Nov, 29 at 30. S1gn up 
in Car •• r Planning at 
Plc:lcemed (1068 HL) or caD 
TeftY at 279-6563, • 

Sk, ~~S! 
Warren/Miller 

Ski Film 
Thursdav, December 1 
TI.H 107; 7pm &. 9pm 
Admission $2 
$1.50 w/ad 

in GNal'dian 
Sporumed Iry 

Third College PTOK"anu Group 

PRO-TYPE 
454-6860 

Word Procelling. TrP1ng; 
EdiUDa.~ 

Fast. friendlY. profeta1Onal selV1ce. 
ustng the IBM Selectr1c III and 

TCIIhIba Word Procesor 
WW STUDENT RATES 
• T_ rap.. • Tabular ProjecII 
• MalOf Papea • us DIa8Ia PInaII 
.n- .~ 
• ~ • c:am.a a.adr ONE DAY SERVICE (With advance reservations) 
ON PROJECTS OF 10 PAGES OR LESS 

Clo .. to Campusll 
737 PEARL ST.~ STE 201 

LA JOLLA. y2037 

Ca~o------~--------------~~in 
• 

Looking for a job?? 
(We're looking for a Features Editor) 

For the big bucks, the big prestige, and or 
the big info, call Tim or Phil at 452-3466. 

Nm·('mi>< ... 28. / 983 13 
PI R..,PH [IV1.., 

.."- . 

--Tom Serum --

In MentoriuIn 
Tom Serum, newspaper columnist, 

student and lover of Itfe died 
mysteriously last Tuesday while 
walking in the woods. 

An elderly gentleman out for his 
morning stroll came ,Icross the dead 
body early Wednesd.lY morning In a 
mushroom patch JUSt off one of the 
main, well trodden paths that runs 
through the thick forest. "I thought at 
first that the boy was Just leeprng," 
the old m.rn explained, -but when I 
went to see if he needed something. 
you know, hke some breakfast or ,\ 
blanket, I found he was dead" 
"It's JUSt as well I suppose. He looked 

so peaceful lying there, l'w,ls glJd I 
didn't have to disturb hIm ." 

The coroner could offer no 
explan.1tion .IS to the cause of the 
death "It seems hiS body JUSt sropped 
functiomng." s.lId Dr. Chuang Tzu of 
the County Coroner's ornce. -That's 
the way it goes sometimes." 

Tom Se rum was described .15 J ver)' 
open and lOVi ng person , although he 
chose ro spend most of his lime by 

himself. "Everyone loved him ," 
commented close friend Richard 
Alpert. "To be honest, I really didn't 
spend that much time with him. BUl 
that really never mattered somehow; 
Tom seemed to be With me all the 
time, ,lOd I don't think that will ever 
change - especially now." 

Tom's hobbies included singi ng, 
d.mcing and "watching thmgs grow " 
He also hked 10 go down 10 the beach 
and stand JUSt .11 the edge of the water 
untt! hiS ankles were buried. -Then 
you can lean \.\>ay back and you won 't 
fall ove r," he used to say. 

Tom Serum is survived by many 
brothers .lOd Sisters. HIS parents, 
Joseph ,lOd Mary , could not be 
reached for comment. Mr. Scrum left 
no estdte. However, it is rumored that 
in a phone conversation Tuesday 
aftemoon he told an unknown friend 
to "give them aD my love ." 

There Will be no funeral services. 
crum requested that his body be 

crcm.lIed and the ashes burned . Well -
wishers .He asked to send flowers 10 
themselves. 

20th Century Fox and U niversi 
presents a sneak pre 

Sil 

fJ'rw jJ{CZl5!1C of 
.---=--5$2 CJfI NMoy 

Performed by his studer:ats 

VCSD International Center 
Wednesday, November 3D 

7:00 p.m. 

'J 
(J M,N,'I MII,"'dll 

"j 1111,' 11/,' J,II h/t' '1.~'11I1 
flIt' (l\nlkollll,g ll/ IIl'\" mil'" 
M\ h"'l'H "(IIU tel ht\ (IIIIl' 

M\ "/e: " PI. '" ",,,,x'nl 
I" n --/el\, " "n~ht 

-."1 ellllHlIII\ 

Free Lecture and Instruction in 
Meditation: Wednesday. 

Nov, 30', 4:00 p,m" USB 4020A 

SpOIl>orl'd by 
Sn ChI/WillY Running Club 

459-2002 



Academic Services 
MONDAY-FRIDAY 
.. _Z" pm - SIGI System of 
Interactive Guidance and Information is a 
computer-based program or career 
information designed to help you clarify your 
values and occupational interests. For more 
information, come to Career Planning & 
Placement in Hl 1058. 
8:H _4:00 pm - PAl Conferences -
Don't spend more time stu<¥ing than 
necessaryl Schedule a one-to-one PAL 

(personal assistance for learning! conference 
to streamline your studying. The conferences 
will deal with your course materials concerns 
including reading comprehension, memory 
control, lecture notetaking, and test 
preparation, as well as how to overcome 
procrastination. Sponsored by the OASIS 
Reading and Study Skills Center. In USB 4010. 
8:~0 ...... :00 pm - OASIS Writing Center 
offers fref! service for all UCSD students who 
need pre-writing help, conferences on drafts, 
and editing advice. We engage any kind of 
Writing and any kind of writing problem. 
Conferences are by appointment only. 
Evening appointments are now available in 
OASIS Third Place a Third College. (For the 
full range of services Sef! back of fall 
schedule./ Call 452-2284 or come by USB 
4010 to make an appointment. 
9:00 ...... 100 pm - Grammar i'v1oses 
Hotline - A grammar hotline phone-in 
service for help with diction, grammar and 
punctuation prob4ems. To reach Grammar 
i'v1oses, call 452-2284. Sponsored by the 
OASIS Writing Center. Service available 
throughout the quarter. 

1 :»4:00 pm - Drop-In Hours. For quick 
questions pertaining to career planning, job 
hunting, resume critiquelng, etc. For more 
individual attention sig~up or call 452-3750 
for an appointment with an advisor. In Hl 
1058 Morld<Jj through Wednesday. 
MONDAY 
10,0.11:00 ... - The Language 
Program level I & " - This OASIS program 
focuses on the thinking skills you need to 
successfully handle the reading and writing 
tasks assigned in your courses. It is designed 
for those who want to perfect their English 
language skills. LP classes are taught by 
reading and writing specialists and bilingual 
tutors. LP is presented by the OASIS Writing 
Center the OASIS Reading Center. In 406OB. 
10:30 _-11:)0 pm - Graduate School 

Advising. Planning on graduate school after 
UCSD? Afteryou attend a Graduate Advising 
Seminar, drop-in at this time and talk to an 
advisor for more specific or detailed 
information, In the Student Center Bldg. A. 
IlOO-llOO pm - The Cultural Issues 
Discussion Hour is an informal exchange in 
lMlich a wide range of interdisciplinary topics 
drawn (rom different cultural contexts will be 
examined and disrussed. Concepts and 
terminology in modern artistic and 
philosophical trends will be discussed and 
clarified. Sponsored by the OASIS Language 
Program. In USB 4070. 

1 :45-J:JO pm - Mock Interview. Seeing 
and hearing yourself on videot~ can help 
put the finishing touches on interview skills. 
Prerequisite: Interviewing Skills Workshop. 
Call Career Planning & Placement at 452-
3750 to make an appointment. In Hl 1058. 
3I00-4l00 pm - On~-Interviewing 
Orientation. If you are interested In 
partidpating in the on-campus interviewing 
thiS quarter, it IS mandatory that you attend 
one of these orientations before you 
InteNiew. In the Revelle Formal lounge. 
TUESDAY 
10:00 _-noon - Final Prep - Bring 
your course materials and get organized for 
finalsl You'lIlearn how to apply the successful 
SCORE system, predict test questions, and 
review for total preparation in any course. 
Sponsored by the OASIS Reading & Stu~ 
Skills Center. In TCHB 141. 
,01.,1130 ... - Law/MBA Advising. 
Law or MBA scrool group advising hours ror 
any quetions concerning the aplication 
process for law school or MBA programs. see 
the pre-Law/Management advisor on an 
informal basis. No appointments necessry, 
but it is advisable to call first at 452-4939 if 
open hours are being held. In the Student 
Center Bldg. A. 
11 :00 am-noon - On-Campus-
InteNiewing Orientation. If you are 
interested in partidpating in the o~campus 
interviewing this quarter, it is mandatory that 
}Qu attend one of these orientations before 
you interview. In the Revelle Formal lounge. 

~ 1100 pm - The French Workshop is 
a new feature of the OASIS Language 
Program. It is designed mainly for students 
who are writing papers or other class 
assignments in French. Students not working 
on specific papers, but who would like to 
perfect their writing ability in French, are also 
wt'lcome. The Workshop will offer unique 
opportunity for students to edit their own 
papers, and sef!k construaive criticism from 
their peers. It will also provide clarification of 
grammar. mechanics, and sentence and 
paragraph structure. Pre-writing discussions, 
when necessary, will be conduaed in 
French. Students may attend on regular or 
occasional basis, accrOding to their needs. 
Sponsored by the OASIS Language Program. 
In USB 4070. 

2~):OO pm - The GM (Grammar & 
Mechanics/ Workshop IS designed for 
students who would like to work on 
clarifying basic grammatical concepts and 
categories, and applying them in an 
extensive, systematiC series of practical 
exercises. An exerCise manual to be 
purchased by the student will be used. All 
work Will be completed in the context of the 
workshop. Sponsored by the OASIS 
Language Program. In USB 40208. 

3~4:00 pm - Drop-in advising In open 
seSSiOn for Pre-Medical and Pre-Dental 

students. No appointment necessay, but it Is 
acMsable to call first to confirm that the 
session will be held. Sponsored by the Health 
Sciencrs Advisory Program career Planning & 
Placement Center, Stud. Crr. Bldg. A. 
- ~RG - california PUblic Interest 

Research Group will be here on CiI/TllUS to 
rMuit students who are Interested In 

~ing a career or winter break part-time 
position. For further Inrormation and signing 
up, please come In to the career Planning & 
Placement otrIce, In HL 1058. 
WU)NISDAY 
,..10100 pm - The GM (Grammar & 
Mechanics! Workshop is designed ror 
students who IM>UId like to work on 
clarifying basic grammatical concepts and 
categories, and applying them in extensive, 
systematiC series of practical exercises. An 
exercise manual to be purdlased by the 
student Will be used. All work Will be 
completed in the context of the workshop. 
Sponsored by the OASIS Language Program. 
In USB 30508. 
9JJO.I~O _ - Drop-In advising in open 
session ror Pre-Medical and Pre-Dental 
students. No appointment necessary, but it is 
advisable to call first to confirm that the 
session will be held. In the Stud. err. Bldg. A. 
10;00-I 1:00 ... - The L.ilr9Jage Program 
Levell & " - ThIs OASIS program focuses on 
the thinking skiUs yoo need to successful~ 
handle the reading and writing tasks 
assigned in your courses. It is designed ror 
those who want to perfect their English 
language Skills. LP classes are taJg1t by 
reading and writing specialists and bilingual 
tutors. LP is presented Df the OASIS Writing 
Center and the OASIS Reading Center. In 
40608. 
11100 ... naan - The Spanish Workshop 
is a new reature of the OASIS Language 
Program. It is designed mainly for students 
who are writing papers or other class 
asSignments in Spanish. Students not 
IM>rking on specific papers, but who would 
like to perfect thI!ir writing ability in Spanish, 

are also welcome. The Workshop will offer a 
unique opportunity for students to edit their 
own papers, and seetc construaive critlasm 
from their peers. It will also provide 
clarification or grammar, mechanics, and 
sentence and paragraph struaure. Pre-
writing Spanish. Students may attend on 
regular or occasional basis, according to their 
needs. Sponsored Df the OASIS Language 
Program. In USB 4070. 

IIOO-ZIOO pm - On-(ampus-Interviewing 
Orientation. If you are interested in 
partidpating in the o~campus interviewing 
this quarter, It is mandatory that you attend 
one of thes~ orientations berore you 
interview. In the Revelle Formal lounge. 2..... ... -Graduate Advising 
Seminar. I'IanrlIng on graduate school? For 
more inrormation on application proceciJres, 
letters fA recommendation statement of 
purposes and admissions criteria, attend one 
of these seninars by signing up at career 
Planning & Placement Center Stduent C~nter 
Bldg. A or call 452-4939. 
z.oo.4100 pm - Test-Taking Strategies -
E\IeI' lose points because you misread a 
question or didn't QM! a "COf'Il)Iete" answer 7 
Do you find SOI1'If' oqectille questions tricky 
or confusing7 Do you wonder what it takes 
to write an outstanding ~ answer7 This 
IM)rkshop will answer your questions and 
show you how to get the most out of your 
stUC¥ng. Sponsored Df the OASIS Reading & 

Stu~ Skills Program. In the Conf. Rm. Bldg. B., 
Student Center. 
4100 pm - Bioengineers - Information on 
academic internship opportunities at local 
hospitals and in industi)'. For wages or units. 
For more details come to the ~11e Informal 
lDUnge. 
tHURSDAY 

ZIOO-~IOO pili - On-CarlllUs-lnterviewing 
Orlef"ltation. If you are interested in 
participating In the on-campus interviewing 
this quaner, it is mandatory that you attend 

OO~ of these orief"ltations before you 
interview. In the ~ Formal lounge. 
2145-4100 pili - Interested in the health 
professions 7 20 minutes private 
appointments for career plaming advice ror 
students interested in health careers. (all in 
acMInce for appointment, but no earUer than 
one week. Health Sdef"ICeS Advisory Program 
452-4939. In the Student Ctr. Bldg, A. 

PRI~Y 
10.00-11100 .... - On-Campus-
Interviewing Orierltation. If you are 
Interested in participating n the orKampUs 
1nteMc!wing this quarter, it is mandatOl)' that 
)IOU attI!nd one of these orientations before 
)IOU intl!l'\liew. In ~ ~Ie Formal Lounge. 
Naan-41OO pm - The Department of 
Immigration and Naturalization 
representatives will be here on campus to 
prOllide Informatlon that students might have 
regarding Law Enforcement Careers as 
S,rder Patrol Agents. Don't miss out on this 
opportunity - now is your c:hance. Drop in 

a~ time c1JrIng this period. In the Revefle 
Informal Lounge. 

Play to resume this week 

Weather fouls upIM playoff schedule 
By KIM HADDAD 

Very little went right over· the weekend before 
Thanksgiving, .It> m.my intr.lrnuml games were thwarted 
by Mother Nature and her unpredictable weather 
patterns All 1M football playoff gJmes scheduled for 
that Sunday (Nov. 20) were postponed and rescheduled 
ror thiS week. (Check [he 1M office for detatls on times 
anti places.) 

1 here were, however. some very intense games In 
men 's AAA football on Saturday. The banle between 
York Hunt Club and Blue Ludes was of specIal 
interest . .IS YHC was laSl ye,u's MA champion. This 
season YHC sat atop the poDs at season long and. 
entered the playoffs undeteatrd at 6.0. The Ludes wen: 
ranked third, comptling a reKUIar 5CaSOIt record of i-
1 YHC c.lme ooro iht fleld'1ooIdng subdued but 
confidem. In contrast, tM Ludcs appeared rather 
dtshevw:1ed IIId afm- 50IIIr pre""'-: wann-ups were 
ready to pliy tbcxbaI COOI'5-.. YtiC set the pace 
early on £'yCornpCti~ a ~ries of short, c:oncise passn. 
The Ludcs; however, displayed supetb defensive 5kiIs 
by knocking down three passes in a row, one of which 
was a touchdown saver The Ludes assumed possession 
and struck quickly with an option pass-long bomb for 
.111 electrifying touchdown and 6.0 lead. YI-jC 
qu,meroack ScOtt &mdes completed a long bomb (0 
the two-yard Ime and they scored on the next play to 
tie [he score at 6-6. The two teams exchanged 

touchdown~ to end the half in a 12-12 lie. 
At the beginning of the second half, the Ludes 

stdlted wllh [he ball, hUi Kevin Gunning's interception 
thwdlled a rally ,md YHC marched down the field 10 
score . The conversIOn attempt was completed, giving 
YHC a 19-12 lead. [he Ludes turned the baD over again 
after failing to convell a first down by mere inches, in .I 
play that revealed the pI.lyers' innate rugby skills. With 
possession or the b.ll! YHC scored again to build their 
lead 10 26-12. The Ll,ldes closed the gap by scoring on 
a long bomb and a fine juggling act m the end zone. A 
two-point conversion was successful in putting the 
score at 26-20. WlIh 21 seconds remaining to play, 
YHC decided to play i[ safe, with Berndes dowmng the 
ball, running out the clock. The score ended YHC 26, 
Ludes 20. YHC earned a spot in the AM fin.ll and was 
to meet the winner of the Plain Wrap Prophylactics-

TKE contest. 
The PWP-TKE game W.lS close throughout, With the 

outcome not decided until the final play or the game. 
Referee Marc Dauber was the object or much scorn due 
to d controversi.ll call. PWP scored With less th ,m one 
minute of play remaining to get within a point of the 
T ekes at 27-26. PWP opted ror the two-pOint 
conversion to win it. On the attempt P\VP Jumped 
offSide, but the Tckes stopped them short or the goal 
line to apparently win the game. But J controver .. 11 
rou,ghing-the-passer call resulted in offsetting penalties 

•••••• •• •• ••••••••••••••••••••••••••• • •••• •• •••••• 
• 

: COPY COVE 15-" DISCOUNT with thl. ad a UCSD ID. until 11/30/13. 
• 
• 

of La Jolla 
Speclalilf. In thelia reproductIon_ 

• III Xerox copies, reductions, enlagements 
II Full color xerox cq:Jies 
iii Full binding service, hard & soft cover 
iii Stationers supplies, typing 

_ ~.-Fri. 7:30-6:00 
~litllii70iit iflllartiii-i' • &AI .lela • COIMf aI DIaper ..... Sol 9:00-5:00 II • ••• • 

stuDY IN EUROPE 
.The Unlwtnllv of Louvaln (".1G5) 

l.euw.n, Belgium 
oIers 

COMJILETE. PROCaAMMES IN PHILOSOPHY 
fOR THE DEGREES OF IA.. MA. AND PhD. 

plus A JUNIOR YEAR ABROAD fIIIOQRAMME 
All courses are In English 
Tuition Is 11,500 Belgium Franks (±S250) 
Write to: Sec~tary English Programmes 

l<ardlnaal Mefcierplein 2 
B-3CXX) Leuven, Belgium K U Leuven ______ __ 

,md forced a nOther pia),. The Tekes were obVIously 
upset over the call but settled down to try and hold 
PWP out or the end zone. The>' didn't settle down 
enough. as the Prophyl.lctics managed to convert the 
two-pOinter the second time around and went on to 
win J Wild one 28-27. 

This week look for [he Din: as they bartle It oU[ 
against Too Sweet In their semifinal game. 

In Ultim,l[e Frisbee, Beller Luck II will be up against 
the Not Ready for AA Players in the final game of the 
season. 

WHArsTHE 
DlFFEl£NCE? 

The d .... ence_ A wrthn 
6uOl'QII"'_ We hav. .. dint 

dIIcounta, and ..,.,Ing hours, 
just lite many other IbopL lui 

unllre oeherI. w. back up atl our 
work In writing, t, alief w." cut. 

penned. Of colored your hair, you',. 
not compIeII1V hCIipIIr, catl us within 
__ .. ' We" redo yaur hair at no 
-*a charge. lhat's Q .... O ..... ICe. 

fAN to 6PM Man. fri • Sat 
tAM 10 111M fa.- • . WIed • Thull 

a~':== IICS 



- Present &, Aspiring -
Think you .deserve credit for 
working on the newspaper? 

Well, you got ~ it!! 
With the proper prerequISItes) you can Jom the 

Guardian staff and earn four units of credit by etlrolling 
in the "News Media Workshop (Col1)m/Cull12)~" the 
first course of its kind offered at UCSD. Your published 
articles wi~l fulfill course requirements and provide you 
with invaluable practical experience. You will learn as 
you write and write as you learn. 

~"Get your seats 
-- while they last."~ 

Class meetings wilt be true workshops, not l~ctures . 
Emphasis will be placed on writing and critical analysis 
0[' writing. Since this is a wo~kshop , enrollment is 
limited. If interested, call Phil Lauder at the Guardian 
(452-3468) for all the details, Sign up this week t 
and ... 

.. 

Join the Guardian 
your STUDENT newspaper. 

HowTo Ease 1be Burdens 
': 'Of Campus Ufe. 

---;:';CE:'T~;;-----' 
Backpack Offer I 

rll i ll",fIIl{ I.,. ~ i'" 0, ~ "I t t~1" ,., .. !I ,~" II 
.... ~ ... 'k;I'" . ~,., .. , "t • • 1 A" 

• dh"", N. '>f!'It p.''' J , ~ ,IiIo;t,l rl'l 
Itt.,>1 ~~.~ 't. , .• , r'" r ... 10..1 -11 " '\aid iti 99 
fhu' Dill' ,,,nol "III.'~·'" "1 

~ 'l'li ~·""'I'" jj"ll'r.~IQOd<,r""ll 
~< 1 .... 1 n',v~ P(1 lk· . ... 00 
~ "'t~tt' """" ... bl1K11 

I 

9~ MANUfACTUREA 5 COUPON 91\(1 
..J\IT OHEA (J.PIM.I "31 I. .MIT 

Here's 30<' to help you relax with ~:::I:!== 
General Foods"' lnternational Coffees. 

5 UJ1~o' 
AvaIla ble at: University Bookstore 

UCSD thumbtd its nose al Ihe University ({Guadalajara by winning Friday nighl at Ihe Pavilioll. 

, , 

,FINANCIAL AID 
RECIPIENTS 

Check disbursement dates for 
Winter and Spring Quarters 1984 

have been moved ahead. 

Once your fees are paid, 
. you may claim your 

financial aid checks at the 
Loan Administration Office, 

Building 211 in the _ 
Administrative: Complex 

from 9:00 am to 4:00 pm, 
during the following days: 

Winter Quarter 1984 
January 4 • January 20, 1984 

Spring Quarter 1984 
March 28 . April 13, 1984 
• • • 

BE SURE TO HAVE AVAILABLE YOUR 
NEW PHOTO IDENTIFICATION CARD. 

Esquire 
<'llIlJimj,',/ )1'11'" /l(jg~ /J 

Weather could be given as the 
explanation for the snap-brim felt hat 
too, but in their "weD-rounded" list the 
Esquire editors add one smaB-shaped 
cap and a center·crease felt crown hat, 
clearly beyond climatic needs. The 
editors of EsqUIre are evidently dandies, 
like an esquire of another New York 
magazine, Eustace Tilley. The same coin 
be said of any group which requires that 
one's ties should number as many as 
one's pairs of underwear (six), or, in the 
case of the weD·rounded young man, 
should far oUlStrip them, so to speak, 
with ren. 

The excesses are much more 
apparent in the extended list. A board 
which suggests anyone should own one 
tweed suit, a tweed topcoat, and three 
tweed sports jackelS has a vested 
interest in the tweed industry, not 
suirable in a neutral organization. Either 
that or they haw: a much greater vision 
of the variety available in tweed than 
the ordinary man, which would account 
for the fdct that the ordinary man does 
not have a tweed suit, tweed topcoat, 
and three tweed spons jackelS. The 
apparent superOuity of tweed, howew:r, 
does not replace other fabrics. Esquirt 
also has in its blueprints a wool suit, 
worsted suit, dark fly·front coat and 
navy ~lue blazer. 

Under all of these go 12 dress shins 
and seven spons shins, their collars 
held in place under the most severe 
circumst.lnces wllh 38 collar buttons. In 
the non-bunon·down category are both 
half a dozen T·shins (10 which 
exclUSively the wardrobe had been 
reduced by the 70s) and an' evening 
shirt , secured by black tie . cummerbund, 
studs, cuffiinks ,md dinner trousers 
supponed hy br.lces: 

For the wearing of this extended andl 
mtricate wardrobe EsqUire provides no 
more advice than a "Sport Clothes 
Coordination Chart ," cross·listing three 
colors of jackets with 24 colors, shades 
olnd patterns of slacks, sweaters, shins, 
lies, shoes .md "hose ." All we can offer 
in substitute is cousin Jasper's advice 10, 
Evelyn Waugh 's Bndeshead Revlsiled: 
"Clothes. Dress as you do in a country 
house. Never wear a tweed COolt and 
flolnnel trousers - alwdYS J SUIt. And gOl 
10 J London tdilor, you get beller cut 
.md longer credit ... .. 

The editors of E~"ul"c would never 
.lgrcc With hiS oplOlon on twced CO.lb, 
but then PCrh.lpS they hJ\,(' newr been 
invited to .1 country hou5C . 

Feet in the sand make footprints. 
Feet in Birkenstock footwear do the very same thing. 

The Birkenstock footbed is heat and pressure sensitive, to 
mold to your foot, and become your footprint. 

So walking in Birkenstock is a lot like walking barefoot in 
the sand, with one very convenient difference. 

You can walk in Birkenstock aU year long. 

1111 Prospect, at Herschel 
La Jolla, California 92037 

454-7577 
Let}UUJ' feet make 

aplaceror 
themselves. 

Rent .n 
IBM 

Correcting 
•• 'eotrlo II 
Typewrite, 

I THINK I Call today 
TYPEWIUTEIIS 571-3411 

A DIVISION CJ; IHlfll( C(l(lPORA11ON 
7668 Cioiremont Meso Blvd. 

San Diego 92111 
HoutS: Mon-Frl 8:JO.5 pm 

than 
the Gll8r1nt 
stuaent Loan: 

Anywhere you go for a California Guaranteed Student Loan, you1l get a low interest 
rate and a long time to pay it back. 

But with Great Western Savings, you1l get something more: Fast Service. You1l get an 
answer within 30 days. And, because Great Western is a major California lender, you get 
your money fast, You can even get a loan from Great Western if you have a previous student 
loan with another lender. 

We lend to California residents and nonresidents, as long as the school is in California. 
Freshmen and baH-time students are also eligible. You can borrow up to $2,500 a year if you 
are an undergraduate, and up to $5,000 for graduate study, The low mterest rates mean 
comfortable monthly payments during the first few years after school when money may be 
tight. You can pay nothing while you're in school, and when you finish there is a grace period 
before your payments begin. 

It's easy to apply for a student loan with Great Western Savings. Fill out the forms at 
your Financial Aid Office, and send your application to the address below. 

You can get a Guaranteed Student Loan from other lenders, but with Great Western, 
you get guaranteed fast service. 

GREAT WESTERN SAVINGS, Student Loan Department, 
P'Q Box 1050, Northridge, CA 91328 

GREAT WBSTBRN SAVINGS [9Q, 
A Federal S,1vings and Loan A.'\SOCiaIKlfl 

A new brand oflxlnkinll 



r------------·--·-----------------~ THE TOGUITCUPII. : 
Next <0 Big Bear Market&. 'The PostO£ficr in University City, Corn.,.. of Governor Dr. &. Re&"nts Rd I 

Chocola~LAVORS: R"sp!>.,rry ONE FREE TOPPIN G : 
Boysen!>"rry Praline'N'Cream 
Chocolate M int Vanilla 
Lemon Srraw!>"rrychc~sccakl! 
Str:lw!>.,rry Mocha 
Pumpkin P~anut Buttt'r 
Coconut Blucbt'rrychl't'st'c"k., 
Call us for daily flavors: 457-2339 't.;,::'", GJo. .... '" Dr. 

THIS COUPON GOOD FOR ONE FREE SMALL TOPPING 
WITH THE PURCHASE OF ANY YOGURT 

ExpirO!S ~I!m!>"r .. , 1983. Only 2~ Mill!S Away! On~ Coupon per Customer 
Open Mon-Thurs 10:30 am - 9:30 pm; Fri-Sat 10:30 am - 10:00 pm; 

L Sun 11:00 am - 9:00 pm. a ----~----------------------------~ 

10 INFLATE, 
I BREATHE IN 

THROUGH MY 
MOUTH ANO 

OUTTHROUGH 
MY 

SAVE MONEY 
SAVE TIME 

GET BETTER 
GRADES! 

Read the 
Guardian! 

c 1983 Beer Brewed by Miller Brewing Co Mlrwaukee WI 

Silkwood 
on call1pus 

By CHRISTOPHER CANOLE 
Wit~ the TV nuclear holocaust movie 

"The Day After", and the soon to be 
released nuclear powerplant scandal 
movie "Silkwood", perhaps J\BC Pictures 
should change their name to Atomic 
Body Count Pictures. 

ABC's "The Day After" presented a 
dramatic but overly simplified <lccount 
of how a nuclear war would result in the 
de<lths of miDions. By casting Meryl 
Streep in the tide role in "Silkwood", as 
power plant worker Karen Silkwood, we 
are assured of another dramatic 
ponrayal. 

Karen Silkwood, a laboratory worker 
in a plant that manufactured highly 
radioc<ltive plutonium fuel for nuclear 
reactors, died in a mysterious car wreck 
on November 13, 1974. She was on her 
way to meet a New Yom Times rep<>ner 
and an olTicial from the Oil, Chemical, 
and Atomic Workers Intemational 
Union (OCAW) to document alleged 
irregularities in the plant where she 
worked, the Kerr-McGee Corporation's 
Cimarron Facility. 

In the four years that Kerr-McGee's 
pluronium pl.lnt had been producing 
pluronium fuel . 20.000 times more lethal 
than cobra venom, there had been 17 
contamination incidems, involving 77 
employees. Concerned for the safety 
of herself .lnd others, Silkwood began 
taking extensive notes on plant 
conditions. which beC<lme the core 
evidence for OCAW's illleg<ltions against 
Kerr-McGee. On November 5th, 
Silkwood Slaned work In the 
Merallography LIb. At 6:3OJm she took 
her hands out of a se,lled glove box in 
which one hJndlc~ rJdio,lCtive m.lten ,lls. 
She checked her h,IOds on <I monitoring 
instrument. ,1Ild the cOnt.tITIln,I!IOn level 
re,lll 20.000 di si mcrgrJllolls per minute, 
(the s dfcry 1111111 IS SOOd/ m). She \ViiS 
decontamlnatcd With ,I scrubhlng of 
Tide .tnd Clorox. When rhe di m level 
returned to ,I 5.lfe limit she returned to 
work. But the next dJ Y. hefole ,lttendlng 
,I (';(lntr,\Ct ncgllll,ltioll mceting. hel di m 
lel'cl rcvc,lled I1 CW (On(;lI11I11.llIon . Urrne 
<;.lInpks were t.lken ,lnd Icft overmght 
bcfll re ,tn,II)";I'. The ,tnJlys ls reve,llcd 
the 'i.lmplcs h.ld hcen t,lmpered wl!h . 

Thus the llI),stery begins. Kerr-Ml Gce 
d,lIl1b Silkwood intenrion,III)' 
conr.ll11in,l!l·d hcr~e ll III dIscredit the 
l'Il lllp.lI1)' The ArnllllC Energ)1 
Cnllll11l Ss i,ln Il1wsllg,lIllrs di s('l\\ 'C rcd 

p'll ~llnllU' le l'cls II I cllnt,lIll1n,\l Il\l1 In the 
bnlngn'l In :' llk\\'n(x\'s rc1ngcr.llllr "o lw 
11',1., t,lklng ,I he,,,,), lIledlc.llI)' presLrlbcu 
d'I".lge nl Qu,lluucs. which 111 ,1) ' .ICC(l unt 
Inr her (,;,Ir IITel·k. yet <; il k\\'ll'ld \,"." ,1150 
,I twph)' wrnnlng ~p,m s CM dnwr Alld 
Iln,tll )'. \\'h,1I h,lppencd III th,' el1velope 
Ol e\'ldeIlLe she \\' ,1" t,lklng III the Nt'll 
)",,11 IlIn i"] LJC:'I) ,IudI'm" \\'III be.' 
gll'e ll the ,IPp,lrtUllrt )· III lIm.n ·eI thl' 
"il k",,,,xl 111)"tel), ,)n Wedncsd,l )' 
h l\' 30 ,It 8 pili III the M,IOdevllle 
Audltorrum ,It ,I specl,11 prevIew 01 
·Silkwolxl." sponsored by UEO. 

Running Thoughts 
By MIKE GREENBERG cSt JEFF SAVAGE 
WHAT'S GOING ON HERE DEPT. How can politicians deny that the Olympics don't 
have a political flavor, yet at the same time attempt, through legislative means, ro ban 
the Soviet Union from the 1984 Summer Games in Los Angeles? The day the California 
Legislature adjourned, a resolution was put forth to ban aU Soviet athletes because of 
the shooting down of a South Korean airhner. Not only is this a poor str<ltegy for 
punishing the USSR, but it won 't happen. The Carter Administwion made a grave 
error in denying America participation in the 1980 Summer OlympiCS in Moscow 
because of the invasion of Afghanistan. The Reagan Administration will not make the 
same error. Besides, wouldn't the Soviets simply say that the Untted Srates IS afraid to 
lose to the "superior Soviet athletes," just as they claimed in 1980? Would it not be be 
better to "punish" the USSR by embarrassing them in basketball , boxing, etc.? The 
extent of political influence in the Olympics in the United States is nothing compared 
to that in the Soviet Union. 
NOT TO BE BEUEVED DEPT. More on the Olympics .... If politiCS won't keep the 
athletes out of Los Angeles, the drug question might. With the boom (or at least the 
exposure) of drug usage by Olympic athletes, r<lndom drug testing has been proposed 
as a possible crack-down method. Peter Ueberroth, president of the Los Angeles 
Olympic Organizing Committee, doesn't think that drug testing is aD that necessary. 
Ueberroth says that Olympic competitors are the most drug-free of athletes. ·Olympic 
athletes are the cleanest in the world .... The majority of spons have never had a 
positive Idoping test samplel in the hiStory of their spon. yet the world is beginning to 
think Olympic athletes have so much involvement with drugs." Maybe it's because they 
do. What seems to confuse Ueberroth is the kind of drugs taken by Olympic athletes 
compared to those raken by athletes in other spons. Olympic competitors take drugs to 
improve their over<lD performance. As a result, drugs such as anebolic steroids which 
increase the r<lte of strength build-up are the norm. The "other sports" (basebaU, 
basketbaU, football, etc.) have been satur<lted with drugs like cocaine, which are 
detrimental to an athlete's health. As the preSident of the LA OlympiC Committee, 
Ueberroth should understand the motive of the Olympic competitors and suppon drug 
tests or any other method of deterrence for that matter. 
WAIT A MINUTE DEPT. Dwayne Crutchfield , mysteriously released by the New York 
Jets last week even though he was their leading rusher, says it was a case of r<lcism . 
"The Jets wouldn't have let me go if I was while," says Crutchfreld. "They are a racist 
organization." This is absurd. Although racism is a disease that has no place in our 
SOCiety, we can assure you that the Jets are not racist. Crutchfield simply has an 
attitude problem. But the Jets were put in the unfortunate position of having to rely on 
the services of Crutchfield because their regular staner. Freeman McNeil , as well as 
their back-up, Marion Barber, were both out with injuries. When they both finaUy 
healed last week. the Jets cut out the remaining cancer by relcasing Crutchfield . As for 
Crutchfield's excuse, he was simply embarrassed over the release, and In offenng an 
expl,anation, he couldn:t eX<lcdy say, "They let me go because oC my anitude." 
Crutchfield is a talented runner and was picked up by Houston two days later, but 
looking at the Oilers' record , it's understandable why they would accept help in the 
form of trouble. Does Crutchfield reaUy think it is a r<lcist organization and not a 
personal attitude that led to his release? After aU , doesn't Crutchfield wonder why (as 
the NFL's 11th leading rusher) he was given away for free? 
NEXT QUESTION PLEASE DEPT. Monday'S question: Track star Carl Lewis will 
attempt to tie Jesse Owens' four-gold medal performance this summer in the 1984 
Olympics. When Owens set the record in Berlin in 1936, what were the events that 
earned him national recognition? Answer: the 100-yard dash, 200-yard dash, <HO relay 
and the long jump. T oday's question: Earlier this season in the Canadian FootbaD 
League. the Ottawa Roughriders defeated the Calgary Stampeders, 36-\. How did 
Calgary ~ore one point? Answer in Thursday's issue. 
THERE'S NO WAY IT COUlD BE DEPT. Speaking of cable lV, it seems that ESPN 
has taken a drastic step in its attempt to escape financial havoc by buying out the NFL 
contr<lcts of NBC, ABC, and CBS for the 198 .. -85 season. That includes the Super Bowl. 
According to sources at ABC (a Running Thoughts correspondent was jUst hired there to 
get secrets from the other twO networks), Roone Arledge, executive president in charge 
of spons and news, is beside himself with contempt for both ESPN and the chairman 
of the board of CBS. What Arledge fails to realize is that money talks, and ESPN's loud 
buy-out price of $3 billion will pay the bill and then some for aD three major networks. 

, , , , , , I , , I I •• I I I 

-I- ~m II ~-+-+--I- t- t--I- t-t--I- t- t-I I II 
• 

-

~ *I 
* 

~~ * • 
IIIi • 

*' 
.. f- II LI loot • • 

..... l- t.. ~rt 1: IrI II! cIlJI Iii t"li III J~'i lel\ L\ L': rL 111111 I ..I 
111111 111, rf If ~:n II II-'Ii rUJ III 1)1 Ir II I" 
"r • 
IIII~, H ~ rirl::l ~ "1 .1 ~ lJ f'l. Inf 
1" 1' 

"'" 
I ' ... , .. I .... 

" r-~ 
-r-

-
-I 

.: ... .iI- •• ~ '-.~ IIf" - 1'1\111 1\ I!ICI 
: . ,II I .. ,e; II 1"'- ... -..1' I' " I " f-l~ ~ 

'" 
- ... t' .. - I- po - I- r-

II I: .. ~L- ~L .. l .. 10- .... .... 1\ ~ 
c :'11 It W' If III In II~ "\. ~I Ie .. ~ rn T fl; I' I ' ....... II PI' f.I I' 1\/ [If I'-

11:. LL 
i 1 -fl" Il tl IJ Il Ir I( lJ 1m c:1 , 

" 
It r\lll U 'J I .. 

T 
11 11\ I. ill If' ~,. ,-, IF ,;; ITI\ "I" ... r .. If ,. !II In r. I lL r 

- -. 

-
f-

If T • .., .. ~I II' I.r., 1'1 ~cy If Ir II 1 II "'11 + ... 
--

~' ~'" . " 
~ I. I .. 10. .... Ir. ~ I, ~. if, h Il I!oli ~ r-Ir •• ... 1\1 " .1 ~ ~ ~ I' 1'1-' 

'" 
I'" r' I'" I'" r I ' ." 

•• ,. ~. I,- ... • I ~ c"~ I ~ Ir tl-l i l - Ilt III II: II a ' I JI :11 ~.: ,I ~ J~ ~~'li I. r-P ,I II ~I I'" r' ,. Ie; 
" 

'11~ '.1-
... I. ! ~ 

- f- .Jrr I' '" "" ~ 
1"' 1" 

'1'1 ~ .. r.: .. ..lui 

I. r r ~ J r. 1 I .. 
110" ,. t-~ ,.. I' I" 

I I I I 

ASPEN. 
THERE'S 
ONLY ONE. 

II's the one with 4 mounlains. 
The one with blue skies and 

(resh powder. 
, The one with Victorian charm 

and specldcular nightlife. 
It S the one eueryone ldlks 

about. 
1(5 incomparable. 
It s affordable. 
It 's during Quarter Break. 
It's Aspen and the All Cal 

Winter Carnival. 
This is what you '/1 find watl-

ing for you at the All Cal Wimer 
Carniual: 

Free Parry! with Budweiser 
Broomball 
Delwee Accommodations 

I 
~I 

Free Races 
Free On -The-MounCilin Picnrc 
Free Refreshments on the Bus 
Ice Sculpture Contest 
Free Dances Sponsored by 

Budweiser 
Sludents {rom 8 UC Campuses 
Free Budweiser JacLlzzi Parries 
Prizes by: 

Nordica Boots/ Hart Skis 
Look Bindings / Budweiser 

Don 't {urgel. Aspen and the 
All Cal are noted not only for 
fun . bLlt also (or SKIING. You'tl 
have 5 full days. 

THE ONE AND ONLY ALL 
CAL WINTER CARNIVAL. 

ASPEN 
THERE'S ONLY ONE. 

o 
\( 

·\!>rEN ~KIIN(, (OM r ANY 

The UCSD Ski Club is taking sign-ups with a 
$30 deposit to try and sell' another bus for the All-
Cal. More information is in the Ski Club Office or 
call x4038. 

The mandatory pre-SNOWMASS meeting will 
be on Wednesday, November 30, at 8:00 pm in 
the Rec Gym Conference Rvom, If you're 
hungry, bring your ski club card with you and 
have some pizza with us at 7:00 pm in the Pub, 

IT'S SNOWING BUCKETS AT SNOWMASS! 
20" base (at least) 

The UCSD Radlcallv Inclined Ski Club 



CIaNIIIed ~ IPQCe Is IOId In 100 choroc:1. 
Incrementa. Eoc:tI 1eIIIf. punctuation mark and apace 
~ wordI Is c~ a cIIorocMr. with capIol 
_ •• counIIng ca two c:IIoracI ••. The ,. II Sl.oo per 100 
c'-ac:1elllot aIudenII and Sl.oo per 100 chorOC1en lot 
nOlH'udMIs. You muaI came b¥ the oIIIce or mall In your 
ad. 01 we ,.qu'" payment In ~ of publlcotIon. 
D_dUn.: & pm TueedcIIV lot Thunday'. paper; & pm Friday 
lor Monday's paper. Far more Information. cofl 452-3M6. 
!he Ciuardlan. UCSD. M16. La Jolla. CA 92093. 

SERVICES 
lYPING - Term paper1 manuscripts. theses IBM coo seIec 
Reasonable rates Jane Olds. 45S.Q127 (12/1) 
ImprOlie Term Papers. Theses Ten vears Willing exp. two Mas 
degrees Word Processor Flo. 1868 (12/1) 
WordWnghts tor quality \OQd pl(x:essing Fast drafTs and letter 
perfect hnots 461-8395 (12/1) 
Typing Term Papers. Reports. Mlsc Corrected 95C pg IBM 
Selectnc Coli Bee 753-7356 Please 5010'8 ad (12/1) 
TRtPLE-CHOCOlATE BRCMlNJES' Full pound ot the best hand-
mIXed supet chocolatev tr06ted brOWI'lleS S10 70 With 
dellllery Korlncl's. Box 8325. Son DtegO 92102 (12/ 1 ) 
PREGNANT? ChoOSe oIlernot!ll9S to abortIOn Son DtegO Pro-
Lrte league Hotline. 5835433. Q41 1515 (12/1) 
TRAFFIC CtASSl:S Court C.pprOlied Sall.fdoys Sundays 
Evenongs held at UnlV6lSlty Towne Centre MISSIOIl VAllev and 
la Meso Reglstratooo 565-1767 (12/1) 
Need a tyPist? Reasonable, Speedy Accurate Call Kathie 
576-1277 anytime Guaronteed 5eMce (12/1) 
UNWANTED HAIR REMOJED PERMANENTLY near campus La 
Jolla ProtesSlOOOl Center. 8950 Villa La Jolla Dr SUite l16O-C 
Coli for appt453-7040 (6/7) 
TYPIng - 51 per page DlSCOUntl Avollable oIKlIlka's Copoes 
(La Jolla Village Square) or call 279-3243 (12/1) 
Stor Wexds TYPIng & Wexd ProcesSInQ 9580 BlaCk Mtn Rd Ste 
G Student papers. thesIS 578-4()41 (11/28) 
lYPlNGi RUSH JOBSI Term paps resUrTlEll theses transcriptIOn 
.Jennrtet 274-5005 (12/1) 
E ephanal tyPing - all kinds Super IIlI\!1 III ConectlOnS. 
spelling nearby Fast 5eI\IIce 450·1 138 (12/ 1) 
Term papers - thEllS8S • dissertatIOnS LOW rates fast seMCe 
Pro-Type 4546860 La Jolla (617 ) 

~ast expeJlenced tYPist Student & prof papers 
Compo5ltlOlVedlflng I\oea! campus 45O.Q732 eve Heien 
(1211) 
TYPING - Facutty/StudenlS Quality WCXk Reasonabte rates 
Tapes also Sand-,I. 459-5818 (12/1) 
TYPInoIcorrputerlZed word poocesSing Term papers repons 
resumes Fasl. leasonot:lIe roles 481.Q268 (11/28) 
Fosl accurate htgh uol~y same day seMce for under lb 
pages wort<. Nea UCSO Coli Fe-y at tel 452-1393 (12/ 1) 

r~pong servICes tor studenl/ taculty theses manUSCllpts. 
books - 10 yrs exp Coli Robm. 571 ·6982 (1/12) 
Do you need money for schOO(' We car) lOcato scholarship 
fetlOWShlp grant & toon SOUfC9S that you qualify for tlYaugh 
our computer search For more IntexmotlOn contact 
tntetnotlOOol SchOlarship ServICes. 1809 loma 51 Santa 
Barbaro CA 93103 Ph (805)569- 0589 (12/1 ) 
MAMiIIlOTH IVOUNTAlN I TRIP Jan 1-6 SI65 Son Fehpe. 
Me.lCa Dec911 SID5 Get Awoy·Tours275·303Qx370 (12/1) 
OVERSEAS .JOBS - Summer/year IOUnd El.fQpe S Arner 
Australia Asia Alt fielcIs $5OO-$I2OD monthly SlQhtseelng 
free Into Wnle UC Box 52-CAW Cexona Del Mar. CA 92025 
(1/1 2) 
Ski VacatIOn Condos ovoll Dec 10-17 Snowbird Utah Gleal 
snowl Watk to I,"s or shuttle to Ana Sleeps 4 & Kllchen 
OutclOcx poa4 Reg S795 Will renttorSJ60 Call(805)6831241 
or 688-9721 (1 1/28) 

QUAlITY TYPING at reasonable rates term papers etc (24 hr 
seMCe OYOllabte) 298-1123 oller 43D 

PERSONALS 
Hey stu~y IhOnks lex nat being gru~ couse there·s 
nothing worse lhon a gru~ stu~ toile r;pdy (11/28) 
f1 Phone hame your mother says control your hands LQlie 
your EK pledges (11/28) 

CongratulatIOnS IKE EpSilon CIasSI You are temtlCl love your 
htt Sislers (1 1/28) 
Leah GoIdwMe. you heart d darkness I hope you hoIIe a 
super birthday I lOve you bunchesl LCIIIe Kat (11 /28) 
Paulo. oro you really a wanr)()be?Oh. Casonoo.oo'?7'( 11/28) 

I Vall Jan 7-14. 5 doys-nlQhts. lodging. hit hckets all 
/OCtuded S2QO Doug 287.J.400 (12/1) 
.Jeft congtatulatlQl'ls on doing It the take way no 961 Yoor big 
SIS IS only too proud at her IItlle broil Keep the tamlty achvel 
LOlie yo lots. Lori P S Beller Iote thon nCrler (11/28) 

WANTED 

S20 TO USE your big partolole taperecordel lor only 6 dctys. Will 
leave depoSIt to ensure it Will not be damaged 481 -2083 
(11/28) 
COM'UTER tNSTRLlCTORS wanted to teach course to 
beginner students In Son DItIOO orea on TI44A S5 ~/hr 714-
662-3661 (12/1) 
Nefvous? Ph D psychOlogy student seeks anxlllty sufferer 
volunteers to test ~ self help technques Involving 
subliminal shmulotlOn No coo Coli Susan Bouchard, 488-
1535 (1 1/ 28) 

Model wanted tor figure work Port-lime. No 8J(peIience 
necessary Catt 452-r069 alter 800 

FOR SALE 
VW EllS - Very reliable - good running conditIOn w/ rooUitt 
engine - needs POInt. SI400 - 436-4694 (12/1) 
1 ticket fex the AI~Cot ski tliP to Aspen on Dec 10 S290 
/OCludes transportatIOn. Iodglng. lrft tICkets & ott tno rest Catl 
Jenn~er 452·9943 (12/1) 
SURFBOARD soooot SIngle fin. rounded pon wrth leaSh $95 Coli 
Jack 452.Q479 (11/28) 
ASPEN COLORADO 2 tickets available Co" GIna 4~-c(x)1 
Very goOd deals (11/28) 

LOST Be FOUND 
S2,(0) rewardl L05t Gotd WatCh. between th.d Cotlege 
Parking Lot & HSS Bldg Greal SentuT10ntal value Colt 
Clvlstoph. 455-7293 No QuestlOOS asked (11/28) 

061 Blue chern notebook "found please colt ~ at 455-
9716 (12/1) 
l06t 2yr moto Gotden Retnever (ClOy Munk) by LOTS Beach 
He s a Sundown Surter Bum was nol IelSt at time. JUsl surflngl 
We need him at homet REWARD 5100 Please COli 453 2452. 
Ed<e Munk (12/1) 
Found Blue wromen s poll 01 running shOrts In ballYoom next 
to BIO-med lib Coil GInO at 2241876 to claim (12/1) 
Wong NoMlan. lost the passport d No 115195 ISsued by thle 
People s Republic ot Chrno on Sept 28. 1983 ThIS pas$pOI1lS 
Invalid ~ found. please rellxn to math dept 01 UCSD (12/ 1 ) 

HOUSING 
Female 'loommate (plus opt?) wanted v's Ms. QUiet, neat. 
non-SIY'd<er Under S200 293-7529 (12/1) 
Roam CMlllable In ltv bedroom hOuse PoeltlC Beach own 
rOom S240 me Available Dec 1 272-8412. (12/1) 
Rm for Rent Quiet tldo! 5elIOUS ~ Student Illie In a Family 
Home Futl Rec focllrtle5 5275/mo Tel Sam 483-0694 fNe 
(11/28) 
2 Female ;?oomotes Wonted tOl Solano Beach Cando 
S2OD/manth />bove ocean tennIS. jOCCUZI. otc 755-6256 
(11/28) 

f-IJ ROBERTS VW AUOI 
• 914 • VW • BMW. AUDI Service 

German Car Specialists 
All U'Ol'll /ully guaranteed . Factory -trailled Specialist 
Mon .. Fri . 8 am • 5:30 pm; Sat. 8 am - 5 pm 

(619) 454-7823 ' 4630 Mission Bay Drive 
(619) 454-3705 (1·5 to Balboa Exit) 
(619) 275- 132 San Diego, CA. 92109 
------------------r-----------------

UCSD SPECIAL : 100/0 OFF 
4 cyJ Tune·Up $45 I on all other repair.' 
6 cyJ Tune·Up $65 I (except for Motor an 
(Not valid with allY other coupon) : Trrtnsml~s ion O\erhaul) 

T.l!' h 'T'IA' C (.\ ul 1'II//(/,('lliJ lilli' ullin mll/JrJII) 
yy zt .1 TItS oupon ~ Willi This Coltpun 
~.AAJ'UU't.A"II,,"'" Offer Expire ov mb r 30, 1983. ,...,..""."" 

Crossword answm on pt.Ige four. 

By JAMES RALPH PAPP 
ACROSS 
.. Coml'ms 01 turkey .• Iulon III dlncrs 8 . Bolh Jtve 
Jnd loul ChnSlmJ~ h.lbtlU<: 12. Ok! TeSidmem 
veh \Cle of redempllon from destruCiton 13. 
eJSon,,1 Jlt.Il:k of chtll ,lnd shlvenng 14. &StC 

clemem 01 SolntJ's hmlrrd vllCdbulJry 15. 
Dccemhrou~ mU~lc.ll-comcd)' wrncrs 17. 
UnfotlurlJle .Icctdem where the .urpon code for 
rei Avtv becJme emwmed wllh non-Chrt<;tmJS 
celebr.lIltlg Ce}'lonese dlxmglnotls, bUI 10 know 0111 
tS to forglvc .III 21. Mtdwestcrn stoUe (Jbbr ). bUI 
Jlso nnc's sl.lte .Iller Chrt tmolS dmner 23. Clue for 
Ihe ,wcr-cducJted .ldJ lor oppostte IImc of. 
oIlthough sounding hke, Wtnter fesllvJI 25. T"ItC> 
Llfmll) Uppk' II1C1U (.Ibbr.). good hrt5l11l.J!> gtft 27. 
XlVI-xl oIfu.-r dinner. bUI not In PICS 29. 
Tcchnellum (.Ibbr) not .I glXxl Chrl!>tmolS glfl 30. 
An oIbbrcviJllon. bUI on~ slightly 31. Clue for Ihe 
.Ibsurdly ll\'e r-educ.ltcd fine-gr.linro . hght-l:olored 
gr.lnlllC rock conSI ling prtmdnly 01 onhocLlse 
.lOd qu.trtZ 33. Abscnt JbbrcvtJIIOn 35. AmuslOg 
persons nn:up}'mg Yuk,tdc mdntelplec ... 38. How 
Chmllrus IfCes go.ld dnd provoke housekeeper.. 
1 .. HJd hts rehgtlln become more prcvJleni . there 

. ""uld h.lve been .1 T J(l \,f Christl1lJS 43. Code of 
hfe (Jbbr,). on one ll(C.!Slon recetved Imm.K:ulJtely 
+to Source 01 suh-zero gLmces lCelsius). possibly 
oil u:rnblc puns 46. WhJI we pme for JI ChnslmolS 
18. Mtsspelled s.Il\'C. fl~}'cled .IS J Wined slJllg fm 
!.Jdy or unrcspl'CI.lble mJn, 10 knllW .III IS nor 
ncccss.ml}' 10 Il)rg'vc .111 52. Why George Bush WIll 
onl}' gI.'l second be I prc>Cnts 55. Wh .. W.IS Ihe 
dUl.'1 56. Kill Sllmellne In Ihc snow wllh runners 
57_ An .Ibbn:\'I.lIlOn for somelhmg. nll douht . bUI I 
do nl'l knll\\' wh.1I 58. PIJnt lln whICh mtSllellle 
gmws. prL,\ .lIcnt 10 Ihl.' c.tSI B.ly An'" 59. Dlrl'l:IIl'n 
1<1 G"lIup lor .Int.I 62. Dcsenptilln (to IC.lrs) of 
somconl.'·s C}'I.'S .llter trying III d., Ihts uossword 
66. Wh.1t onc cggs nn dunng Chrtslrn.tS 67. The 
nigh I bclorc Christ In.lS. sp.IsmodlC Cllnlr.ll·lIllO of 
.1 dOl.k 70. Wh.1I Ihe king h.lngs on hts Ircc , we 
h.lng m.m}' 71. A preplhtlilln In Ihe 10C,lItllO 01 
Ihl'S(' -.(1t/.IfC' 72. Hl)\\' Jtnt M.lllhcw·s Jl.ISSllln 

. / 

(.Ime ag.un m mUStC 73. A (endtm), to be In 
, Imis <;.ILk 74, Ttny VlclOfl.1n <;e.l50n.u (elehrdnt 
75. '-te.ldy htnhplJ(c 01 Chn I 

DOWN 
L ComrJCI IdW (>03l1lOn 01 S.lIm NlchoW; lG. 
MJrxlst posllton) 2. XJndllldVloIn clients slIlg 
Chn5lmJS cJrois 3. !)Inngt>d Instrument. 
.Ihbrevt.lled nUl olppropn.ue lor Chnstl11dS 4 . 
Abbrcvt.lled dUO! free Jlungsldc ship 5. Absk.ln 
milt . wuh vulgJr English us.Jgc, blU/dlllg toilets In 
Ke houses 6 . (n .tne ChrlslrtldS lood 7. Nrghl 
&:/,11<' C"mtl1ltJ~. proper ~Imlle for 5.mu's belly 8, 
ExtremllH!S wid .mJ mtsde oU ChnsllTlds 9 . 
Revolullon.It'Y 10. WhJt WJS the due. Jgdin 1 11 . 
Wh.u you wtll mntrJCI .It Chrt5lmolS 16. 
';on1Cthlng odter Ja 18. Pnsondl interest In 
WJIStClJoUS 19. CnnSllTlds lrdvel know .Ilrpon <:ode 
for Detnlll 20. AUlhorized Verston of lhe 
Jbbrevl.uton 22. One 01 .llcohollJkes Ihe one llUl 
01 the Jlr 24. Fooltsh person .II blnh of ChrlSl 26. 
-ungy persons hummtng Ihe BeJlles 27. Midnight 

crowd of people 28. New L.lltn. whICh Ihls 
.IhbreVIJlIOn IS not In 32. The due . even 
shonened 34. VencrJble mm bound by .t rOSJry 
36. Akllhohcs Anonymous (less 50 dunng 
ChnSlI1lJS) 37. un onr hdve one delinum 
trt'men. even ~lJled? 39. An oIppomUT1Cnt 
wllh hllhdJy dned fruit 40. Fr.tterntl)' recruitment 
belore ChristmolS? n . ThIS due or JnOlllcr 45. 
Snow on Ihr fe.tst Ilf Slepllcn 47. Also troKlllloRJI 
r'e.tcllon III m,,:c 49. N.lIIollill L.1bllr ReLlllons 
Bl)Jl'd (whICh dem.mds ChnSlJTIJs oil) 50. WhoU 
comes down to warm one In WlntCf 51. NalionJI 
Gu.lrd 01 ~vl.1rtd pCl'54.ms 53. ~d Image 
54. Songs sung In Wtnler Wllndt.-rLmd 58. S.mIJ·s 
cxd.llnJIIOn 01 Inv~rStlln 60. Weekl)'. nOI .tnnwl. 
cekbr.llton l.tbbr) 61. Night &1"1\': SJlnc Nick's 
bell)' condillon .ther Chnoqtn.1S dtnner 63. Record 
Il( Yule l'\'ems 64. Ahout Ihls .Ibbrevi.llilln 65. 
PllpeyC'S SI.llement 1'[ nl1O-sptnJch cXlstence 67. 
ExdustVl: dllnk (il yllU lJn lJ't II open) ,,/rer 
ChrtSllnJS Sluffing 68. Dcpn.-sstnw,' lI1t:oIrunar,lc.-ss 
leiters 69. Nore the due well 10 .1 fllre.gn Lmgu.lge 
72. D,.'grcc .11 ~mll""s dts'lPpm\,.11 

r------------------------~--------, Term Papers a Problems? Th .... ? Manuscripts? 
Why Worry - Do what Alfred E. Newman does ... U-HTC 

COPIES 2~C Hi-Tech COPY
ONLV 

__ 

Xerox 9500 $17.50 an hour rate on 
• 2-slded copYtng • Cutttng 
• Transparencies • Stapling 
• ReductIOns • Collating Free 
• Enlargements • Colored Paper 

Directions: 1-805 to Mira ~sa Blvd 
EXit east Il mile to Scranton. right 2 
blocks to 4902 Carroll Canyon Rd.at 

'Word Processing 
No Set-Up Charge! 

436-6682 
OPEN 12 HOURS A DAY, MRY DAY 
Offer expires December 10, 1983, 

L corner, 
------- -------------------------~ 


