
.. . .... ~ .. .,,', 

-

An architect's model of the new 'luxury' apartments that are going up near Pryatel Field. 

UCSD is in the midst of becoming the fastest growing 
college campus in the country, with over $23 million 
currently slated to be spent on new construction. Projects 
in the works include an apanment complex to house 900 
undergraduates, an enlarged Career Planning &: 
Placement Center as well as a Center for Magnetic 
Recording Research. The new lecture halls at Third 

_ College will be open beginning winter quaner. As it turns 
out though, funding is coming not from the state, but 
largely from private endowments. See ~tory on page 7. 



The National Endowment for the 
Humanities has announced a new 
grants program for individuals under 21 
to cany OUt their own non-credit 
research projects dUring the summer of 
1984. 100 grants will be awarded 
nationally for outstanding research and 
writing projects in the field s of history, 
philosophy and litera ture. Award 
reCIpients will be expected to work full 
time fgr nine weeks during the summer, 
under close superviSIon of a humanities 
scholar. A booklet of guidelines and 
application instructions should be 

.. available at the Student Placement 
Office, or write to Younger Scholars 
Guidelines, Room 426, Tile Narional 
Endowment for Humanities, 
Washington , DC 20506. The deadline 
for applications is Nov. IS . 1983. 

• 
The 10th anniversary of the Regional 

Bum Center of San Diego and Imperial 
Counties will be celebrated at a 
reception to be held at the UCSD 
Medical Center, Oct. I at 2 pm. SpeCial 
guests WIll be former patients and staff 
members who served in the unit in its 
early years . Also present will be Lucy 
Killea. 78th district assemblywoman. and 
a member of Mayor Roger Hedgecock's 
staff will present an officIal 
proclamation . The RegIonal Bum Center 
opened in 1973 and IS the single 
speCialized burn treatment facility In the 
rwo counties. with patients brought in 
from Southern California and adjacent 
states. Some 230 patients were admitted 
to the 14-bed center last year. 

• 
C hancellor Richard Atkinson has 

been named to head a blue ribbon 
panel responsible for recommending 
ways to archive reams of material bemg 
gathered each day by weather and land-
se nsing sa tellites. Atkinson was 

Deja Vu ... 
20 Years ago ... 

Assemblyman Hale Ashcraft (R-
Rancho Santa Fe) has caUed on the 
legislature to cut off funds to UCSD? "I 
personaUy believe any tax supported 
educational institute which aUows 
communist speakers should have their 
support withhe!d ." The Regents saId 
they have confidence in the Judgement 
of their students in properly evaluating 
any and aU beliefs and ideologies that 
may be expressed in UC campuses by 
off-campus speakers. 

The City Planning Commission 
yesrerday unaminously approved a 
revised master plan for the 11 ,000 acre 
community surrounding UCSD. Major 
changes add 115 acres. which would 
provide space for 845 living units and 
med ical facit iti es. 
IS Years ago ... 

Dr. Herbert Marc use . perhaps the 
nation's foremost academic storm 
cemer. has returned to UCSD to resume 
his controve rs Ial teachIngs about 
"revolutions." Dr. Marcuse IS a professed 
philosophIcal Marxist. SovIet 
spokesmen . however. disown and 
denounce Marcuse . "The RU5sidns 
conSIder me an agent of Wall Street ," he 
chuckled. "There must be somethIng 
good about me If I'm equally 
condemned by both sides." 

Perhaps the greatest Sports 
controversy of the paSt tWO weeks has 
been at the XIX Summer OlympIC 
Games In MeXICO City. Two events 
which have centered on the U teams 
were ( I) in the opening ceremony. the 
US was [he only team nOl 10 dip the nag 
when marching past the revIewIng stand 
and (2) the protest gestu re by TommIe 

appointed by the National Commission 
on Libraries and Informatioll Science, 
along with such luminaries as William 
O. Baker. retired chairman of the board 
of Bell Laboratories, and Edward W. 
David . Jr .. president of Exxon Research 
and Engineering Company The panel 
WIll report to the Department of 
Commerce, insUrIng that the Interests of 
the public, including the scientific, 
historical and archival communities. and 
the commercial sector are protected. 

• 
Assembly Speaker Willie Brown has 

written a lener to Governor Deukmejian 
requesting his signature on AB ISO, the 
Community College bill. It states, "I 
believe that partial restoration of 
Community College funds is essential to 
prevent serious disruprion of the system. 
Your signature on AB ISO wiD aUow the 
Community College budget process to 
plan for these additional funds for the 
remainder of the fiscal year. A vero will 
mean the layoff of thousands of 
teachers. fewer course offerings, and 
lack of access for'students: 

• 
Entry forms for the BMW Heart of 

San DIego Marathon and 10,000 meter 
run are now available at the office of the 
San Diego County Heart Association. 
3640 FIfth Ave. The route has not 
c hanged for the sixth arrnual event, a 
run from North Island over the 
Coronado Bridge and through the heart 
of downtown San Diego. A "Running 
and Fitness Expo" wiD be held in 
conjunction with the running event on 
Nov. 18 and 19 at the Holiday Inn . 
Embarcadero. The expo haiJJeen 
planned to provide an activity for 
runners. with special running and 
fimess exhibits. a day-long runners 
seminar. a sports medicine symposium 
and the traditional pre-marathon 
dinner. 

Smith and John Carlos at the awards 
ceremony over the issue of racism in 
our country. 

Information , guidance and 
opportunities for action for students 
concerned about the draft are now 
available on the UCSD campus. Some 
advice offered by the UCSD Draft 
Counseling Service to any porential 
draftee is to start early to build a wrinen 
file with your draft board , Including 
your medical reports, progress in school, 
thoughts on the draft and inquiries 
about speCial military programs and 
alternative (orms of service . 
10 Years ago ... 

The University of California at San 
Diego received $57 .7 million in Federal 
support. the 10th hugest in the nation 
according to a report from the National 
Science Foundation. 

The phYSics-chemistry building on 
ReveUe campus has been renamed 
"Mayer HaU" in honor of Dr. Maria 
Mayer and her husband Dr. Joseph 
Mayer. Dr. Maria Mayer was a Nobel 
Laureate in physics - the only woman 
other than Marie Curie to have ever 
won the Nobel Prize in that field - and 
was a professor of physics at UCSD 
from '60-'72. Dr. Joseph Mayer was 
formerly chairman of the Department of 
Chemistry. 
5 Years ago ... 

The AS Council heard for the first 
time Wednesday night that a proposal 
could cut o ff funding for aU AS 
subsidized campus newspapers and 
KSDT in three ye<lrs . Jon Bekken of the 
new IIId,cator collective condemns the 
proposal .. 5 "medla-clde." 

Barry Hyman. student welfare 
commI ssioner. <Innounced thill an 
AcademIC GneVJnce Progmm for 
adviSIng students dl affected with 
grades ilnd professors WIll be est<lbli shed 
In Revelle Plaza. . 

-Christopher Can ole-

AS Forum 
In the conclusion of a two-part series on the hierarchy of the Associated 

Students government. Ariel Anguiano, Jr. speaks wim AS Vice President 
Elizabeth Woodworth about issues and problems associated with her position. 

Cnes of office misuse hal'!' oftfn plagufd thf politICal C~tn 0(....,. staksmen 
throughout recorded history. How do you Jeel your AS position should Ix used? 

A vice president tends to be more a mediator - not a tyrant I was voted into 
office. so I want to be seen as a representative of the students. As vice ~sidentl 
have to be objective and fair or I lose my credibility. . 

The AS Illfrarchy has nOl a/\\(/ys held a Javorablf place In the hNrts anti minds oj 
every student or organization on campus. As it happens, those wfIo condem" art 
usually those who are thdeast inJornu~d. Howdoyoufttlthe AS issem, anJltowcould 
that Image be Improved? 

The AS has had its bad reputation in the past, bur it doesn't bother me. Many 
students just see us as the TGlFs, while others just see our SOI1Iftimes peay 
bickering in the AS meetings. I'd rather that the AS have better communication 
with the students. I want people to know what we're reaDy doing wim m~t of 
our time, not just what's going on during the Wednesday meetings. 

How could the communication be improved? 
I'd rather have the AS represented in a more complete way by the campus 

media. Students normaDy only hear the on-campus issues, when ~ often need 
support for many of the external issues. 

The average student dots not /rnow that the AS is involved in many system and 
statewide issues, nOl on!>- campus probItms. SItouId the AS co,,"n1rak more on 
Internal or external issues? 

We have to keep everything in its proper perspecnve. We don't want 10 get 
tOO far into external issues unless students voice their wishes 10. 

As vice prt:sident, what is one of the top priorities that you would ~Ir£ to see 
accomplished this year? " 

Increased programming. I ran on a platform for increased programming, and 
it has always been an AS top priority. 

. 

Why is programming important? 
There is a need for a better sense of communitY on this campus. AS 

programming brin~ people together, and that's why I push programming. 
What are some oj the AS's top proitets? 
We're ~king to appoint an AS representative to the SrudentCemrr Boald. 

We would like to see the Center as the hub of student activities, as opposed 10 
mamly student services. Cr~ig Lee is a non-voting member. and I'm hoping for 
the AS appomtment as a voting member. ExternaUy.1 think our main conccm is 
the prevention of an actual tuition being instated into me UC system. Funding 
of the media has become an increasingly larger problem. L.asr year,council votrs 
were overridden on the issue of the California Revitw, which may indkate AS's 
incapability to make funding deciSions regarding the media. 

Alt· tlu:rr lither smaller projnts? 
The AS would like to see more community service. Up 10 now, the Greeks 

have been a(.1lve in this area. and I'd like to see the AS and specific studelll 
, orga.OIzations provide more community selVice. We're lookiac at 5Cafting the 

tradltlun ofthe student presenllng a gift 10 the University. We ralr.eso much. ~ 
should stan thinking about printing a campus calendarwich the men and 
women 01 UCSD - like the one they have at UCLA and other campuses. 

III MllIltWy\ AS Forum, Cmig Lec IIU:ntkllll-d that he IWIS illja-ofstlJ'CndsJorAS 
mCIlIIx.,.,. He saul that tIll' stipl'lId, wlluld "hold pmp!.: (J(wuntabk)or lhe: job." How 
do Y"U .Iecl cJ/mu/ltipCllds? 

A lot of students don't run for AS because they can't afford it. If ~ had 
stipends. more people wuuld run for oAke. I don't think AS should be an elite 
group. It shtluld not be juSt those who can alTord it. 

W/wt IlIlId "/ .\lIOljl,l" did you II\(/I!l' to II(',wlIl' \'iff prl'sidellt? 
I spend about 30 hours a week in my olTice. and on tOP ofthall have to work 

anothcr 30 hours a week at two jobs. If we had stipends. I wouldn't have towolk. 
And because so much of my time is taken up by my oAke and wolk. I'm only 
taking ten units thIS quarter. But you can't run for AS for )'our resume; you have 
10 re.lll), \\'(lnt (0 do (he Job. because there.lre vel)' lew rewards. You're not paid . 
and nothIng on paper can tcll how much )'llU'VC put into It. Most of aU you have 
10 be .1 good student representatIve and have a lot 01 tllne to listen . 

, 

History of UCSD' 
Chapter Two: 
Muir 
By JAMES RALPH PAPP 

This artle/e, the second of five on the 
mailing oj UCSD, is Ihe result of 
conversations with Dean Chips Dreilinger 
and Provost John Stewart of Muir. I would 
hke to thank them and acknowledge the 
help oj John MUIr College: A Tenth Year 
Study, 

The model of Muir College is the 

to a majority 01 the students and faculty. 
Muir's history began in November o( 

1964 when Chancellor John S. Galbraith 
asked John Stewart to create a college. 
Stewart had come here from Dartmouth 
as a consultant for the founding of the 
arts departments and had then been put 
in charge of them . He wanted to 

An idea task force would meet and come 
up with concepts for the college over beer 
and chamber.. music. 

smaD liberal arts coBege in its own smaU 
town rather than the large metropolitan 
university. The man who started Muir 
and Is stiD its provost, John Stewart, was 
born into that tradition; his famer and 
three of his uncles taught in thai SOrt ot 
school. The organization or Muir's 
academic program was done by a few 
people and was personal instead of 
being systematized. Everything 
suggested success in accomplishing the 
original design, and there was success. 

Ho~~r. in the decade and a half since 
then, Muir has grown into a coBege of 
3300 undergraduates, the largest by a 
considerable number at UCSD, and 
according to a study done five years 
ago, belonging to Muir is not important 

Continue in that job, so Galbraith told 
hilJl to c~ate the departments in Muir 
and to come back with a list 01 the new 
college's departments in a week. Stewart 

~wrned with 11. 
A planning faculty of 25 was put 

together, many of whom later became 
the heads of departments. An idea !ask 
force of six would meet at Stewart's 
house and come up with concepts for 
the new coBege over beer and chamber 
music. Soon the planners broke into 
groups 10 put together the general 
education requirements, ~poning back 
to the main group once a week. The list 
of courses needed to be finished by the 
spring of '66 for students who were 
considering enrolling in the faU of '67 

Muir Provost John Sttwart - the Joundingfather. Born into the tradition of a smalllibtral 
arts college in its own small town, Stewart was instrumtntal in creating the Muir College oj 
today. Tht organization oj Muir's acadtmic program IWIS done by 11 Jew and was txrsonal, 
not systematized. 

FinaBy the plan was finished , and the 
planners spent hours preparin~ for 
<f1estions from the UCSD faculty, which 
had to consider it for passage. At that 
time Scripps Institution made up the 
majority of the faculty . They were a very 
active group, attending aU the faculty 
meetings, but they were also considered 
very conservative. As it turned out, 

ho~ver. the Muir plan based on the 
'smaD liberal arts coUege passed 
unanimously. and the extensive 
preparation for hostile questions was 
unnecessary. 

Muir opened in the faU of '67 with 
about 350 freshman and SO 
upperclassmen. In 1970 it moved onto 
. tum to 8 

Itdoesnttake alotof~orkto 
-~:=~' • • get into college. 

Imperial's Tomorrow Student Loan 
is the best plan for today. 
Now getting into college doesn't have to ~ a 
grind. Imperial Savings has done everythmg 
to cut the paperwork and the questions down 
to size. So you can spend your time preparing 
for school. Not filling out endless forms. 
When your loan is approved, we will offer 
you a free Tomorrow CheckingSilAccount. 
There's no minimum balance and you earn 

5~% interest. Plus you get the 
benefit of our network of ATM 
Tomorrow Tellers and 124 branches 
throughout California. 
Call1-800-CHEK-NOW (1-800-243-5669) 
If you want to examine the Tomorrow 
Student Loarr'more closely, either give 
us a call, or contact your financial 
aid office. Our loan representatives 
are on the line Monday through 
Friday. call now. And find out 
how to apply for the loan that's 
easy to get today. And easy 
to live with tomorrow. 



.. 

4 ~''I'I< ' ", I''' r 29. 198J 
l)f>J!,\IO' 

~.~ ~~. " ~ " _.. - ... .. '. ~ 

Editorial 

The new AS: Will it break the mold? 
What will the Associated Students do this year? This is hardly a 

question that is quivering on the lips of every UCSD student, but it is 
one that begs to be answertd nonetheless. Time will only tell what ~he 
blow-by-blow will be this year, but by looking at past AS performance 
and President Craig Lee's comments in Monday's Guardian , we can get a 
general idea of where the batlle lines will be drawn and what needs (0 
be accomplished . 

The past two presidents, Jules Bagneris and Henry Chu, had 
confrontational relationships with the AS council, a situation that 
favored clashing egos over concerted action. Craig Lee seems (0 see the 
advantages inherent in J:ooperation , stating in his interview that he 
wants, "to be one group and get results ... (Chu) isolated himself in the 
executive branch . [ don't have an executive branch. I go • .to the council." 

Good. If Lee can succeed in building a working relationship with the 
council and maintaining it through the trials that lie ahead, students will 
see more action taken and , ideally, have a louder voice in the 
proceedings. Again, time will only tell if progress can be made here. 

lee also admits to having "thought about" raiSing the activity fee from 
the current $8 per quarter to $10. There is no doubt that it should be 
raised a few dollars and"since it would total only $6 C)I' $9 a year per 
student, it should not pose tOO much in the way of a hardship. A major 
consideration here, however, is where the new money should go. It 
would seem wise to hold off on this issue for a few months, not only 
because it might cause political conflict, but because the current AS must 
prove itself more capable than its predecssors before it approaches 
students for a larger "contribution ." 

Stipends for AS members is another scary topic and lee would do 
well to recall that Bagneris was shot down under heavy fire over this 
issue. Lee states that stipends will "hold people accountable for the job," 
but is th is only partially true. Stipends are a good idea, but they must be 

n<eilit~lf~ncetttt<elf~n~ttit~lr~n<eilitcelf~ncetttt<elfln<e 
tt<eIr~letterSn<etttt<elf~R<etttt<elr$n<eilitcelr$n<eilitce 
Editor: 

A freshman's conception of coUege 
life , whelher from paS! generations' 

elem,,1 memories or from "clual college 
experiences, IS one which abounds with 
thoughlS of bevered panies, danci ng, 
and various other coed experiences. The 
reality of grades. homework . financial 
commilments. and obtaining an 
extensive education soon becomes a 
new way of life. The freshma n illusion 
of a festive society evolves mID lears of 
endurance. pressure and boredom. 

Somewhere berween these IWO 
comrasllng "' rea\rlies" IS a life thaI 
produces a successful studem and a 
prosperous COllege atmosphere. UCSD's 
pasl history of academiC achievements 
has rarel), been challenged . In 
conJunction . the socl,lllife is often ,\ 
faIlure Hencl' . I am addressing this 

<> 
C>-
c7 

problem; Ihe social life al UCSD faUs 
short of liS real potential. 

One can conceive three alternatives; 
relocating 10 another campus, becoming 
a non-social bookworm. or pursuing the 
idea of rushing a fratemity. Discarding 
the firsl rwo possibililies, jOining a 
fratemity appears 10 be the perfect 
choice. In conclusion. how can a 
freshman obtain information conceming 
fnltemities and the fraternity rush? 

Dan Lavin 
Edltor's Note: The IIl1afratcmrty Council 
(lFC) Will IIUI'!: a whir s.:1 up 011 Revelle Pla::.a 
thmugh FndllY (thal's tonwm,"i) when: 
,I udellis <WI ol)/alll IIYOI"IIlCJIioll ol1jrCJIs. The 
IFC also has 1I11 tid ill this issue oj The 
Guardian , It) I,., j()lloWt:d ily another on 
Monday. 

If you are a registered 
student or post-ctoc, 
you are eligible to: 

"Cover Your Bod" 
with 

Student 
Health and 

Accident Insurance 
Includes Major Medical Benefits 

Children $52.40 Student Premium 541 .70 Spouse $52.40 
----------------- PerQuorter ------------------

Information and applications are available at the 
Student Health Center - 452-2123 

Insurance Representative's Hours Monday thru Thursday. 1:00 - 4:30 

taken at face value. A little money each month will help defray the 
opportunity cost to AS members for time taken away from studies 
and/ or a true paying job, Too large a stipend would be wasteful; 
students in the AS are presumably more interested in learning the 
political ropes and affecting change than they are in simple dollars and 
cents. A reasonable amount will help in the area of accountability for 
those who renege on their responsibilities, but stipends should not be 
wielded like a financial broadsword. 

Another change Lee wishes to bring about is the formation of a 
bicameral legislature in an effort to prevent the full Council from dealing 
endlessly with relatively minor funding requests. If successful, this also 
would make it simpler for students in search of a few dollars for their 
programs. It must be made clear from the outset that this "new ann" of 
the AS will not impinge on the authority of the full Council. If it is 
shoddily executed , it will send the Council into an uproar and 
hopelessly shackle the AS with an even more hopless bureaucratic mess. 

Even discussing a "new bicameral AS" may prove to be an exercise in 
futility in the face of crushing student apathy towards referendums, laSt 
year's vote on th~ new Koala mascot was, in the final analysis, nothing 
more than a pointless waste. The requisite 20 percent voter turnout was 
not met, so our new "bear" (actually a marsupial) is still lurking in the 
wings. 

Will students tum out for elections this year in order to restructure 
the AS and perhaps deal with some other issues? The answer lies in the 
AS itself and how it is perceived by the student body. It's easy to be 
apathetic towards an ineffectual organization, but if the AS begins to 
shine, perhaps more students will take an interest in its activities. lee's 
first task should be to show UCSD that the AS is worthy of note. 
Without wide- support, neither he nor the Council will be able to 
accompli.sh anything revolutionary. 

.- Tins 'iSsut of The Gua 
is «dicattd 10 the mtmory of 
Jake Matthew lewis 

Attention' 
Third College Students 
The Third College Council must fill one 

position for the A.S. representative from 
Third College plus one position for the 
A.S. Alternative and the Media Board. 
Applications for this position must be 
submitted into the Dean's Office .by 

Tuesday, October 4th. 
Call Marco at 452-4390 for more 

information. 

Sepltll1l>tr 29. 191$3 5 

Calumnist 

Sir! A guide for letters to the editor 
By JAMES RALPH PAPP 

There is nothing to lose by writing a 
letter to the editor, but there is of course 
nothing to gain unless one approaches 
It with wit and confidence. This is a 
manual for those who wish to join the 
ranks of those Ictter writers whom Dr. 
Spooner used to refer to as ~shining 
wits." 

Firsa there is confidence, and the 
crucial time for that is the saUlation. 
There is the firm method, of which one Gtorzc Richards of Poole, Dol'!tt, was I 

~~iplc, beginning ~ry leller with 
Pitiable Im6ectle:. . . . There arc also 

Sir P.G. Wodehousc's instructions on 
word choi~. ·Not 'Ocar Sir: Weak. And 
not 'You potbeDicd Ioust', which is 
strong but a little undignified. Mysclf, I 
have sometima used 'Usten, you 
piefactd child of unmarried parents', 
b .. I prefer 'Sir'." AI. Tilt Timts of 
LDndon they prefer 'Sir' as weD, which 
pUIS everyone on the same Icvd, 
whether ~e is the prime minister or the 
archbishop of Canterbury, or a lady who 
wrote in some time ago asking simply, 
"Sir: Has anyone discowred a solution 

to readdressing plastiC envelopes 
receiwd in the mail?" 1 withhold her 
name lOr her privacy. 

TM Times also inspires humility. 
When Sir Max Bcerbohm wrote to them 
a suffiCiently erudire letter, he Signed iI, 
·1 am, sir, your obedient semant," at 
which point he copied out that 
concuslon at the beDnning and 
continued the Ictttr from there. 

The second' requirement of 
confidence is good proofreading. A 
prime example of one who did not 
heed this warning was julia Moore, "The 
Sweet Singer of Michigan," who Wl'Ole to 
a paper which suggcsttd she was scmi-
lit£rat£: ·The Editors that has spoken in 
this scandalous manner, haw went 
beyond reason." 

As for wit, in one's content it is good 
to make sure that one's sarcasm is not 
reckless. Consider the gcndeman who 
wrote complaining of WiDiam F. 
Buckley's television appearances on PBS, 
teUing Bucldey to "Take some of your 
excess money and buy yourself a TV 
sulion: to which 8uckJey replied, "I've 

done that. What shaU I do nexl?" 
Neither should one make excess 
demands. On another occasion an angry 
reader ended a letter, "Cancel my 
subscription. Buckley replied, "Cancel 
your own goddamn subscription: 

The lellers column is a good place to 
make anacks, some which go down in 
history, like Oscar Wilde's letter on an 
anicle by James Whistler aaacking 
Wilde's originality: • ... and IS for 
bonowing Mr. Whistler's ideas about an, 
the only thoroughly original ideas about 
an, the only thoroughly original ideas I 
have ever heard him express haw had 
reference to his own superiority as a 
painter over pamters greater than 
himsclf." This son of thmg has the 
danger of growing into a long exchange, 
such as one which ran in the San 
Francisco Chronide over the summer on 
the importance of learning latin, some 
of which letters ~re written in Latin, 
some in Pig latin and some arriving 
from as far away as England. 

There are abo more subde forms of 
attack, perhaps the beSl example being 

the foUawing two letters. 
To the Editor: 1 wowld alit 10 'mow what 

land oj goddamn govmtnt this is that 
discriminalts btlwtetn.(wo common 
carritrs and malrtts a goddamn raj/rood 
c haIX' ew:rybody eqlUll and itlS a goddamn 
man cha~ a~ goddamn price he lWInts to 
Jor his goddamn opera box. 

W.D. HOWELLS 
Howrlls, it is an oldrage the' lWIy the 

govmtnt is acting so I Sfnt this complaint 
to the N.Y. Times with )'Our name signtd 
btcaust it would haw: more wright. 

MARK (TWAIN) 
Of course, despite all the wit and 

confidence one can muster, there is SliD 
the danger that the subject of the letter 
can supply that titde bit more in his 
rejoinder, as Vollaire did when he 
replied to a man who had written with 
unwise impudence. "I am seated in the 
smaDest room in the house. 1 haw your 
letter before me. Soon it wiD be behind 
me." ScatelOgical, yel refined, ir is the 
finest combination of confidence and 
wit. 

OMRADE: DELINIATE PI.liASE WH'ICH AIRCRAFT TO DESTR 
TH GLORIQUS SOVIET SOCIALIST HEAT-SEEKING MISSILE 

If you see which a,pears to mercanti Ie ~orean jumbo Jet and which to 
American U-? spy plane with sneaking camera, we have your career i n-

USSR AIR. f<RCES 
Thr. f e'f. The few. 
The vigorous Sovi~t Jir Forces. 

SOFT' CONTACT LENSES 
One Hour Service ~CIICS 

INCLUDISs 
Contact lenses, tMmInetion, 
patient trakUns, follow up, 
chemicat care kit and fitting, 
iX' ... WIM .... 
ONLy .... . 

THE CLASSICAL EYE 
La Jolla VlIIege Squerc 

(Inside the Melli Lower LCYCI) 
865 7 Ville La JoIIe Drtvc • Suite: 136 

451-7374 
extended WUI lenses 

Pon l t tlelay , call our 
tol1-frf:~ nUMber today. 

• Bolle 
• Vuamet • Carrera • Ray Ban 
• Suncloud • HobIe • Bucci 

·r--------:----~----, 
I WAYFARER I I Ray Ban Wayfarers $26,90 I 
I Wayfarer Look-Ailkes $3,99 I 
I Offer good ttvu 10/5/83 with this 00. I 
.-----------~--------" E"~'fiAl- 1030G Torrey Pines Rd .. 454-8006 

I L J.' .... • ~ La Jolla. Co, 92037 
~~ _ (next to the yogurt Affair) Open 7 days 



IT TAKES A BETTER 
GRADE CALCULATOR TO 

GET A BETTER GRADE 

$73.95 sugg. retail $90.00 
• Programmable 
• Advanced Engineering and 

Statistical FunctiOns 
• 203 Program Lines 
• 21 storage registers 
• RPN logic, continuous memory, 

and 10-digit LCD display. 

HP-15C 

$98.50 sugg. retai l 5120.00 
• Programmable . 
• Computer Science Functions 
• Binary/Octal/Decimal/ 

Hexadecimal conversions 
• 203 Program lines or 101 16-bit 

data registers 
• 1 '5 and 2's complement unsigned 

modes 
• Boolean AND. OR NOT. XOR 
• RPN logic. continuous memory, 

and 10-digit LCD display. 

HP-41C 

$159.95 
sugg. retail 5195.00 

• Programmable 

HEWLETT 
PACKARC--

$57.50 sugg. retail $70.00 
• Programmable 
• Engineering and Statistical 

Functions 
• 79 Program Steps 
• 10 Constant Memories 
• RPN logic, continuous memory, 

and 10-dlgit LCD display. 

HP-11C 

$98.50 sugg. retail 5120.00 
• Programmable 
• Advanced Engineering and 

Statistical Functions 
• Matrix Operations 
• Solve and Integrate 
• Complex Functions 
• 448 Program Lines 
• RPN logic, continuous memory: 

and 10-digit LCD display. 

HP-16C 

• ().Ier 130 QC'Ivanced functions 
• 400 program lines 
• Alpha numeric display 
• Expandable to 2aX) program lines 
• Optional printer/plotter, card reader, optical wand 

HP-4101 available also. 

UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE 
Q-008, UCSD, La Jolla, California 
Open Monday through Friday 

8:00 am to 4:45 pm 
Open Saturday 10:00 am to 4:00 pm 

Extended Hours During Rush 
452-4291 

p 

Time: 8:00, 10:00, 12:00 midnight 
September 30 

Admission: $2.00 Tickets at the Box Office 

Philoeophy 1: TIu! Nature of Plailosopla, 
T Th: 7:00 pm - 8:20 pm HL 1148 
Inlitructor: Michael Liston 
8294 DIS 1 W 9:00 am - 9:50 am HL 1160 

DIS 2 W 11:00 am - 11:50 am HL 1160 ll'-:t;~~~~ilii'" "nt H:OO allk )' tl~O l1li "'HL '1166 Is there a Godr What are good reasons for believing something? What is mind or consciousness and how does it relate to the world? Are all my actions determined or do I 
have free will? How ought I to Iivd These are Questions 

1 which in some form or other have puzzled nearly all of us from time to time, They are also some of the central and perennial Questions of philosophy, In this course we will 
examine these Questions, read and evaluate a variety of 

L responses - both traditio.nal and contemporary - to them, and thereby gain an initial understanding of what philosophy is, and what are its methods and subject matter. 
Phito.ophy 116: 1lae SCTuct1ITe of ScWna e MWF: 1:00 - 1:50 APM 5880 (rutnKtol'1 Uno Swijcinlc Will Jiscuss some of the following scientific un.lertakinp. with examples (rom present Jay/ olJ sden.:e: experimentation • .lata pthel'inll. theorizing, tl:lting, 
calculatinlC. axiomatizing, .lata evaluation. e.planation. pr~ction control. etc. 
Philoeopby 120: Political PhUo.oplly 

~ Marximl: Moral and PeliciccaI Quaei-. T Th: 2:30 - 3:50 HL 1166 lnltructor: Gerald Doppelc - Trecy Sc,... Marxism anJ its approach to anJ/ or blinJnna towards lOIne cmtral anJ 
political anJ moral ~uestions: justice. rights. (reedom anJ t~ moral virtud. 

e Pr .. ,. .. ~I .. iJilL'S: Sophomore stanJinj( or iNfnK."tOr·. permission. (Cross-listed as Pol.tical Scknce 114A). Philt»ophy 1401 PhUo.opll, and ~ MWF: 2:00 - 2:50 HL 1166 lnltructan ....... Pi""m 
Book.: Nietzsche's a...,.mJ G • .J ,mel E"I/, HU-.TI·.Ph • .,..nno.'IIDloC"nd theC,isiJ 0{ 

p 
11 
y 

Phil",,,,.,.,, HciJ.'lQCer's &inll "nJ Tllne. tid .... • •• Titidatn of Indaphyalcal 
traJit!0n. anJ hi~ attempt to "re.:ovcr" t~ QUestion of BrinICo anJ his ra.tical 
transtormation 01 t~ tradition philoeophic un.kmanJi1llC of thr theory_pncticc 
relation. 
PhilOeophy 153: Film cmd Phibaf/lty (Filaa Aadwcia) 
MFI (:00 - 1:50 USB 3020 hucructan AC.n Wa-
What mnstitutes the limits of expreaion in fUm .nJ how do they Jiffn- from 
those in ot~r mcJiar How milCht a film portray a ftnt pnson Point-ot-Vkw. a 
psycholOj(ical state, a philosophical thesisl n- ropks and othrrs will be 
stuJi • ..J throulChout the concrete examination of a brue.J ra. of classic films, 
Philu.ophy 162: Pfti"*",,,y of Law 
T Thl 11:30 - 12:~0 APM 2313 (rutructur: Ridaarcl A_ 
.. UnJer what conJitluns is it justifiable tor the 5I:at" to use 1<1CII1 coercion to 
r"strict the fr • ..,Jom of;ts dtiz.:nsr" Will JiscUS5 the limits of fr...eJom of Ip«Ch. 
I'rlv,,_y. paternalism, l'lIal enforcement of moral, c<'OSOf'ship anJ pornOlUaphy, 
ilnJ state "'Striction of Jevi,mt 5 • .'xual ~havior. 

Plowing 
towards 
tomorrow 

By STEVEN R. PRIIDMAN 

In spite of deep cuts in the UC budget, 
UCSD is In the midst of one of the most 
lIDibhious building proJecrs on any 
coUege campus. Over S23 milion Is slated 
to M ~N on a student apamneru 
complex, a new Career Planning and 
Placement Cemer, two large IeCNre hals, 
a Center for M8RJletic Recording Research 
school. The organization of Muir's 
projects and others sdD in the planning 
SbIIes are pan of a master plan mat 
reflects me Adthinistradon's response to 
the JIOWi"l needs of underpacblE 
studera, grad.-Iie study programs and 
fadhttes and the increasing dedication 
wward jatru ~lic and privalE science 
mcan:fL . 

Last )ftr's drop in bond interes raa 
to 12'1» pw 1he \Jc Rqents me impetus 
to approve a S14.6 millon apanmeat 
complex. To be sinallCd adjacent to 
Pryaild Field. me 225-unk project wiD 
house 900 students. lnsptrtd by me 
-Habila' ProJect- at the 1967 Wortds Fair 
in MonaaI, the consauction wiI be 
mmpoKd of four buildinp ran&ins £rom 
two 110 lix ItOrin In heilfit. ~ will 
also be parking spac::a ~ some 550 
Yehidea. -It will be dae nicett apanmmt 
strucNre In the UC sysrem: said Campus 
ArchilCCt Chuck PoMn. who hopes the 
project will be completed by nexr fan. 

L.any Barea. directOr of Food and 
Housing Services, foresees the addhional 
student housing as nceded and at a rent 
the average undergraduate can afford. 

Squmbtr 29. 1983 7 

Center nearer to the 
administrative complex, caB for ten job 
interview rooms, large workshop facilities 
and a career libraI)', an of which are 
either non-existent or insufficlenr in the 
present buildl~. 

Two lecum: haDs with seating 
capacities of -tOO and 500 persons are 
presently under consrruction. The 51.4 
million building costs will be generalld by 
the future leasing of the la Jolla Stables 
propeny. Located berween Muir and 
Third College, the building wiD be ready 
for classes mis winter. 

1M _ S1 . of million cldssroom ,.-rsmdy .. n~r construction on the Third campus Will 
houst two Itct .. /f halll with staling captlCitics of 'fOO arul 800 persons. 

UCSD has also been elected as the site 
for the Center for Magnetic Recording 
Research. The first of its kind in the U.s., 
the projecr has already received sa 
million in donatiOf\S from private 
corporations. The goal of the Center, 
according to the Division of Engineering, 
"is to stimulate and suppon research 
relalld to magnetic recording. especiaDy 
regarding the development of Ilchniques 
to increase me storage capabilities of 
computers: The building win have 23,000 
square feet and wiD be Iocalld near 
CentrallJbral)'. The Center wiD cost 55 
million to construct, and the projected 
completion dall is for the spring of 1985. 

. "La Jolla has been inundated by new 
science corporations and adler 
businesses. Many of mese emplO)ftS will 
inevitably seide In me area. I don't Sft 
how stUdents' incomes wID be able to 

. oompae with these people for housing." 
Acc.ordln& ID Barett. an equivalent hYing 
situation to that of the new apartmmlS 
would cost upwards of 53.000 per school 
)'Car. whereas the unlW!l'5hy wiD charge 
less than S2,ooo. 

As undetJraCluate enrollment escalates 
towards me administration's pI of 
12,000 studencs by 1990 (c~nr Ut. 
enroUment is is 10,700 and graduate 
enroUmenr is 1,225) wim over 600 
studentS on aP,lmnenr waiting bsts 
throughout me campus. the projeccs 
appear timely. 

The new Career Planning and 
Placemeru Center will also be consmJCted 

not a moment 100 soon. Wim 
unemployment running about 10 percem, 
students wiD need aD the help they can 
get in the job search. The 51.6 million 
building, f,) be opened in 1985, Is 
'designed w aid !ilUdencs in this task 
more efficiently. Dr. Neil Munay, director 
of Career Planning and Placement, says 
the new building wiD "reduce the 
fl"l8menr.ation mat exists now. All facets 
of our operation will be cennalized. Our 
objectives of helping students define 
career goals, providing information 
penaining w graduate schools, facilitating 
interview workshops and job placements. 
win be able to perfonn under one roof: 
Under presenl conditions students must 
visit three different localions for these 
services. 

Plans for the new building, which will 
be located nonh of the International 

The Institute of the Americas, funded 
by a grant from the Gildred Foundation is 
another example of the profusion of 
construction on campus. The 51.2 million 
building win become a major institute for 
the study of U.S.,Mexico and latin 
America, according to the Los Angeles 
Times. To be constructed immediately 
nonh of Third College, the Institute win 
M set in a 2.25 acre lot and is sch'eduled 
for groundbreaking at the end of this 
year, according to Chuck Powers. 

Thanks 10 the combination of 
Chancenor Arkinson's fund raising 
capabilites in the big business 
communiI)'. privall grants and the drop 
in interest rates, UCSD will be able to 
meet many of the needs of Ihe student 
body and the business community and in 
the same breath diversify irs scholarly 
efforts in both the science and 
humanities fields. 

JRa~~==--~ 
r'J/_ ~ frozen 
.;!09url Jllfoir yogurt creations 

38(: off 
_y pare ..... of $1 .• or IROn 

10:J0 Torrey P ... Rd. 
at Bene.e. 
, La Jolla 

IEAT 1HOSE HIGH 
UHIYERSITY COPY COSTS" 

8855 Villa La Jolla 
DrIve 

457·mS 
Near Ralph's & 
SaY-On Drugs 

Fast -
Quality 
Service 

Open 7 
Days 



.. 

8 :X'plt'IIII'a 29, 1983 

Muir--
continued from J 
the Muir campus. which. without foliage . 
looked awful and became in general 
usage "Cement City." 

At the bottom of the plans for Muir 
College was a small faculty. an even 
planning. the process had become more 
atmosphere to whtCh everyone Knew 

everyone else (mostly lrom cocktail 
patties to recruit visiting scholars 
permanently into the departments). 
Above aU the plans were the conception 
and under the leadership of one man, 
John Stewart. who found it 
"extraordinarily exhilarating: By the 
time Third College went into tht 
planning the process had become more 
systematiztd. not, Stewart explains. 
because of a change in attitude. but 
because the population of the University 
had grown. and more ptople are 

Im'UC CLIPS • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • 
Systtmwidc - Because of the 
continuing heavy demand for 
engineering. UC is conducting a pilOl 
project for the faD tenn of 1984 under 
which students will be aUowed lO apply 
simultaneously for admission to 
undergraduate engineering programs at 
different UC campuses. The option wiD 
not be available to applicants ro the 
winter or spring quarters of 1985. long 
standing UC policy requires that 
slUdents apply 10 only one campus. For 
the test project no UC campus will be 
able to accept redirected students in . 
engineering. tudems WIll have ro 
submit multiple applications and pay a 
$35 fee for each. 
Rivtrside - A te3m of undergraduates 
and sociologists are investigating the 
history of Riverside's early ChinalOwn. 
The C.hinese who immigrated to 
Riverside were the backbone of the 
Citrus industrY. serving as field and 
packing laborers. Thelr history has 
never been documented in detail. but it 
IS known thai rhe Ch inese first came to 
the area tn the 186Os. and the 
predommantly male populallon 
remained unulthe late 19305. 
Santa Barbara - The Intemational Seed 
Exchange is thriving at UCSB. It 
operates without the benefit of an 

organization. sponsor. annual meeting. 
newslttttr. spokesperson or fund raiser. 
and it performs its service fr« . Seed 
swapping is the main function of the 
group. which consists of some 400 likely 
partners. OrganizatiOns such as the San 
Diego Wild Animal Park. which seeks 
plants representative of the native areas 
of its animals, wiD order seeds of a 
specific species. 
Li-wermore - In the last ten years. 300 
explosions have rocked this country's 
grain elevators . The blasts have killed 
about 100 workers, and half of the 
explOSions have unknown causes. 
Scientists at the Lawrence Livermore 

ational Laboratory have developed an 
Instrument that may show the phantom 
cause t\l be sparks of static elc,triclty -
the new instrume;lt measures not only 
the size of a dust pamele but also the 
amount of electric charge it carries. 
Los Alamos - A once-in-a-lifetime 
photograph produced at los Alamos 
National Laboratory has proved that 
Antares, the world's large t caroon-
dioxide laser. has proVided 12 trillion 
watts of power In a billionth of a 
second Researchers expect to bring (WO 
amplifiers to a total output of 30 trillion 
watts by October. Antares was 
commissioned in 1975 and cost $62 
million. 

Tune for Re-Registering 
that Organization! 

DEADUNE: 
October 7th, 1983 

Forms for re-registering and 
registering a student organization 
can be picked up in the Student 

Organizations Office, Student Center 
2nd floor, Monday through Friday, 

8-4:30 p.m. 

For information fe,ardin• Staclat 
OrJanfzetloaa call MarIetta at 

452-4083. 

involved 
Much of what was MUIr has since 

been subverted as the number of 
students has grown faster than the 
number of colleges to put them in, as 
the original design of a few majors 
available in each college has been 
abandoned, and as students have 
moved off the campus (or greater 
freedom. 

Muir. Third and Warren were 
basically on the Original growth plan of 
a new college every three )'Cars. Since 
Warren opened tlitre has been no new 
college for a decade. and talks about a 
fifth college' wiD only begin next )'tar. 
From what was considrred to be a 
maximum siu of 2200 Muir has grown 
by 1000. 

When Third College opened there 
were some departmems. such as 
Anthropology. which had to be shared 
with it. With the development of the 
dtpartment as an ImelCO\legtare entity, 
the unity of the departmem no lonser 
comributed to the unity of the college, 
and in fact loyaiti£s began to be taken 
from the college and given to the 
department in its olace . On~' of the 

major (Omplaints of Muir students has 
been that it is almost impossible to casuaUy 
interact With professors. Many profs feel 

time devoted outSide 01 the department 
is without reward. Thus the college is 
less of a social group as the department. 

FinaDy, Muir was originally desigom 
to have 70 ptrcent of its students living 
on campus; now only 30 percent do. 
Although mOSt freshman live on campus. 
that increases the percentage of 
upperclassmen comml.ling. In 1978 this 
contributed to only 35 ptrcem of Muir 
undergraduates considering belonging to 
Muir important. 

However, many oC these observations 
and facts were collected lOr the 1978 
repon. and since then the sralf of Muir 
has CoBowed up on some of the: report's 
Suggesl:lons. Undoubtedly the most 
irnpol1llnt SUMUtion is thaI Muir 
rlcw-lop a social and tspeciaUy academk 
character that is nor passiw bta 
'commands loyalty and respect,- br 
more l1uible. The social charaaer 
should best retum to the: personal 
environment it bepl with. Howonu, its 
present size: is 600 more studenrs m.. 
in 1978, when the Muir study reached 
this judgment: ·Perhaps Muir can tteW'f 
become a "college" in any oC the 
ordinary senses of that term." One can 
only hope that the resourcefulness of its 
original founders can be aplied to a new 
solution to the probJem of a big<ity 
University. 

STUDENT 
'ORGS!!! 

andlnferes 
De'partDlents 

Bizarre 
Bazaar 

Friday, 
October 14th 
10 am to 2 pm 
For Table Reservations 

and/or more info, 
Contact the Student 

Organizations Office at 
452-4083 before 4 pm 

October 7th. 

Sepll' /I,bcr 29. 1983 9 

FACES IN'THE eRO 
A person's face is a 

trademark, separating him 
from the blur of the crowd. 
Peopk speak of a sea of 
faces. but there is no sea, 

on~ individual faces shaped 
by experience. Each small 
piece of life a person goes 
through is reflected in his 
face. 

(;""1<'1 Av '. s~~~~~------
i:l 
, 
" 

It is easy to feel lost in tbe 
crowds at UCSD; an' octan 
of humanity, we crawl 
between classes. RareO' is 
there time to do more than 
recognize a familiar face, let 
alone stop and talk. . 

,-

photos by-----

--Rich Pecjah 

SPECIAL 

% 'PIUCE 
HAIRCUTS! 

Wit • .,.... C-.- E ..... 11,'131'" 
AIHNrt My PerM :!!jll,ec',flllI 

483-6721 
4288 Cas8 St. 
f~--~~~~~~~ Cdll for AppollltllH:'llt 

A photo captures onO' a 
moment of time, but the 
faces here tell much more; 
they take a lifetime of 
feelings and distill them into 
one expression, one qUick 
glance. A face is one clue in the 

mystery of a personality, one 
word in a silent world. 

WORKSTUDY 
STUDENI·S 
WANTED! 

The Library needs student 
employees with work/study! 

Work/study jobs ore available in 
the Central Library and all 

branches. Call 452-3063 or come 
in to the Library Personnel Office 

(2nd floor, Central Libra ). 



SCIENCE AND ENGINEERING 
MAJORS: 

TAKE OUT INSURANCE NOW 
How about an "insurance" policy that your science or engineering degree will 

really be used? It would be nice. Especially considering the work you put into such a 
degree. 

The Air Force will use your talents. We have openings for young men and women 
majoring in selected science and engineering academic fields ... like Aeronautical, 
Aerospace, General and Electrical Engineering, Mathematics, Physics and 
Computer Technology, and many more. 

One way to get into these openings is through Air Force ROTC. Our AFROTC 
scholarship can help you financially so you can cOlJcentrate on getting your degree. 
AFROTC is great opportunity to help yourself through college, and the Air torce is 
a great opportunity to really use what you learn. 

Look into the Air Force ROTC program at your campus. It ·s good insurance. 

TO FIND OUT MORE ABOUT THE CROSSTOWN AGREEMENT 
BETWEEN UCSD AND AFROTC AT SDSU ... CALL 265·5545. 

Go.ewoy.o 0 greo. woy of I,fe. 

Events 
Around 
Town 

Mingei International Museum of 
World Folk An wiD host its Fourth 
Annual Collector's Mmt this weekend. 
Intemarional folk an of every 
descriprim. from such exoric placa as 
India, China. Ethiopia, Japan, Africa, 
Egypt and Latin America, wiD be 
included. as well as American folk an 
and American Indian ans. Hund~ds of 
items wiD be for sale: cloching. baskets, 
ponery. Jewlry, rugs, textiles, masks and 
anifaclS. AD sales benefit Mingei 
International Museum. friday evening is 

p~view night for ntmIbm and guests. 
Th£ public is Invia to aund Saturday 
and Sunday. Admission is free. Th£ 
Mingei International ~ Is ~d 
in Univenily T own~ Cmtre. PIeue cal 
453-5300 for further Information. 

• • • 
Viridiana, a 1961 Spanish film drama 
dft~ by luis .Bunuel screens 
Wednesdar at 7:30 .t the Lajolla 
Museum 0 Coatemporaty An. .. 

Th£ stOry concerns a younc novice 
who Is rekac:1Mdy teduced by the world 
of her weakhy uncle in an environmem 
of voyeurism, ferishism and death. 
Director Bunuel's th~e favorite themes 
- sexuality, religion and madness -
are depictEd In true Surrnlist fashion in 
this baroque parable. of innocence 
destroyed. 

Viridiancz is shown in Spanish with 
English subtitles. On Wednesday, Oc;t. 
12, the Museum's Evening film Series 
p~sent5 the Italian film Raj Desert .. 
General admission $3. Students and 
seniors 52. For information cal 454-
3541. 

* * * 
Bazaar Del Mundo's oWn folklorico 

and flamenco dancers and other 
cntenainers will go aD out with special 

p~semations for Old Town's "Fiesta de 
Ia Plaza: Saturday and Sunday Oct. 1 
and 2. Musical groups imponed from 
the far reaches of San Diego county -
Tijuana to Campo - will p~sent 
samplings of Latin music - folk to Jazz. 

The Hispanic Mexican Ballet will be 
on tap with their expert interpretation 
of folkloric dances. Folk dances from 
VeN Cruz, Jalisco and other states of 
Mexico .are highlighted. 

* * * KPBS FM89 is sponsoring a contest 10 
select poster an for the promotIon of 
Forum 89, a series of political forums 10 
begin in Januaty 1984. The artist whose 
work is selected for the poster will 
receive a $100 award plus wide 
dIstribution of his art throughout San 
Diego. Deadline for entries is Oct. 15 at 
the KPBS-FM studios. For more info call 
265-6431. 

* * * 
The First San DIego International 

Wine Auction will be held Thursdar 
evening, Oct. 6 , in the Intemationa 
Ballroom of the Sheraton Harbor Island 
Hotel. The sale of 158 lOIS of ra~ wine 
WIll benefit KPBS-lV and fM . 

• * * 
ExhIbits currently on display in la 

Jolla: 
At the Thomas Babeor Gallery The Painted 
Works of Billy AI Bengston WiD be on 
display through Oct. 8. Underwater 
photographs of Chuck Nicklin and f~d 
Fischer at Scnpps Aquarium through Sept. 
30. The laJolla Museum of Contemporary 
An is displaying contemporary styles in 
Dutch an through Oct. 9. A study on Nonh 
American Indians by Edward S. Curtis win 
be on display at the Girard Photography 
GaUery through Ocr. 22. 

America's 
Cup goes down under 
By CHRISTOPHER CANOLE 

An athlete 's mOSt precIous posses~ton 
is his cup. For 132 years the athletes of 
the New York Yacht Club have stood 
arrogantly, hands on hips and feet 
spread wide over the America's Cup. 
Then Tuesday a swift kick was delivered 
from down under producing such agony 
that the NYCC may never be able to 
score again. 

Just four days ago the American crew 
aboard Liberty was boasting of their 
ability [Q overpower the sleek body of 
the Australia II with their great opening 
line starts. But the Aussies used a new 
approach: coming from behind for the 
first time in the America's Cup his[Qty 
to even the series at 3-3, thereby forcing 
a rubber maICh. 

On the threshold of the final heat the 
Americans seemed to have had vic[Qry 
in hand. Then at the climactic moment 
they lost their wind and could only sit 
and watch as the Aussies achieved the 
final pleasure. 

After defeacing the American hope, 
the Aussie crew swiftly assaulted the 
NYCC with screwdrivers in hand [Q 
plunder our virgin cup. 

American sailors will have to wait 
until 1987 before they can anempt a 
rendezvous with their sweetheart in the 
faraway foreign port of the Royal Penh 
Yacht Club. 

Rumors out of Washington disclose 
that NASA and the Navy's Seventh Aeet 
will launch an attack 10 regain the cup. 
NASA will attempt to attach the Space 
Shuttle to the rudder of our Challenger 
[Q provide more speed and lift when we 
re-enter competition in 1987. The 
Seventh Aeet will act as escort and set 
up a blockade to prevent foreign 

interests from interfering in our manifest 
destiny to screw the cup in its rightful 
place. 

Liberty is being shipped off to 
Hollywood to be featured in Jaws IV' The 
Final Loss. In the climactic scene, as the 
rudder of the belly-up LIberty 
approaches another victim , a boomerang 
sails in from behtnd to fatally wound 
this American dream. 

Another new media star was born 
from the belly of the Goodyear .blimp 
Columbia. After many years' of befng a 
pilot of the Columbia , the skipper was 
called in to provide color commentary 
His slow southern drawl gave lV 
audiences a sense of the excitement in 
yachting as the shadow ofColumbicz 
paced Liberty. 

Even though liberty'S skipper, Dennis 
Connor of San Diego, has become the 
Judas of the NVYC, his cup is running 
over with new career offers. The UCSD 
child care center has extended an 
invitalion to him to steer courses in 
beginning bathtub strategies, city street 
gutter gambits and advanced paper hull 

lightenin~ techniaues. The San Diego 
tuna industry has offered him the 
position of bait master of the chum 
bucketS. 

Connor will probably decline aD 
offers. Unlike other spons, which 
produce millionaires, yachting exists as 
a SpOrt for those who are millionaires. It 
is a spon of affluence rather than 
athletes. Now with their first loss. these 
athletes of affluence will probably also 
lose interest in their pseudo-sexual 
fantasies of heroically defCm!'mg fttl!' 
honor of America's 132 year old virgin . 

Bored with life? 
Need extra $1 

Write for The Guardian 
Experienced or not, we're looking for stu-

dents interested in writing for us in news, 
arts, spons or practically anything you can 
think of. Come to one of the writer's 
meetings Friday at llam or 4pm or stop 
by our office anytime. We're located 
behind the Revelle Provost's office next to 
the Che Cafe. Get hip, get involved, get 
happy. Join The Guardian. 

For more information call 452-3466 

LlML! 
CDi". 
CDID'IIT 

PRECISION 
HAIRCUTS 

for men '" women 
WIt. ,We c ...... ollly, 
Offer expir .. 10/6/83. 

737 Pearl 456-1170 
La Jolla 456-1815 

.-

-----------------T--------..I------------f $10 PRECISION I PERM $29.50 HAIRCUT I Long Hair Extra . 
~--------------------for men'" women I 

Shampoo, condition, cut. 
(Blowdry not .ncluded.) 

: MANICURE $5 

r----'jMEliGUiT(ul'-ii-----l 
I Next to Btalker Market &. The POll Office in Univenity Qty, Cortin olGov..rnor Dr. &. Retmtl Rd 1 

I Chocola~ V~~~rrv ONE FREE YOGUitT : 
1 Boy~nberry Ptalinc'n'Cream 1 
1 Chocolate Mint Banana j UTe I 
I Lemon Sttawberrvcheeteeakc I.e 19Uq r I 
1 Strawberry Vanilla I 
1 Pumpkin Mocha Peanut Butter I 
1 Pine Co1ada Coconut I 
1 Pc.ch Bluebcrrychcesecakc ';t';' ,:., ao..r- Dr. I 
I Call us for daily flavors: 457-2339 I 
: THIS COUPON GOOD FOR ONE FREE (50z cup) OF YOGURT I 
I WITH THE PURCHASE OF ANY OTHER SIZE! I 
1 Expires October 13, 1983. One coupon per customer 1 

LI Open 7 Days a Week, 10:30 am tiI110:OO pm. Only 2 ~ Mia Away! : ---------------------------------~ 



12 September 29, 1983 

the athletic attic 
UCSD Soccw Is AI_ .... 1Oc:Uat 

In thr middle of August when most of us were hiIrd at wortc cnour sul'Ca'1$ 
~ In good or QIIIIbmIa, a ~bunctlotdedlcated athletes troopedonco 
thr UCSD ~ for INhIt ~ed to be a saIed down wrsion of the Bataan 
Death March. 

To be hOnest. ttle5eguys dIetl't hale a whole lot to IooIc fofwardto.lhreeweeb 
straiglt of gueIing 3 hour worIaoucs In ttlr tu sun andthrn .. chance to ~ ~ 
halt of their season /8 ~J bd:Ire classes N!n start. Their drMng. .-.n.ed IIltle 
coach Derek A/illStIOfIg dQ1't dJ them ~ faIor'S witI tnt scheclIte either. 

They started off with a strong San DIego State outIIt and thrn proceeded to face 
SOllY of tnt best DMsIon III SCJJads In thr Far West .AJst last UIday tnt ~ 
squared off agaIrst their aoss-town rival USlU thIt had ~ IM:In a ~ 
collegiate tournament II few weeb previous. 

\I.1th h aiel MItt Itb1ed sanarIo tesh ln)'CUr mR1 )'CU just night figure that 
the suMIIOrs of these thrft fortrIigIlCS are ~ around SOfI'I!Where on aII1U 
lying ~ down In tnt 9JUer. You mIgt'r. but)'CU \MltI't Nee tNs weetc at ~ rare. 

No, tnt lads !hat represent h UCSO Men's Soaer hawe SUI\INed and are '**'9 
quite well, thnc)'OU. So wei. In fKt. that they ~ be raced ~ as tnt finest 
DMsion III soa:er Ieam In tnt West. 

lheir in"pessNe 7-2 remrdtodlrelsstrongMdence.1heontflosses /1OanDego 
State 2-1 and USlU J-OI W'Ift deC2Mng at best NeIther tnt AzIIea or tnt G&a 
COl ,nolled tnt torUSt against UCSD and both teIm5 W'Ift tnt req,Iet ICS of d1Np 
goals thai ~ pRMded h margin of \lkIay. 

lhIs )'N"s INrn has bee! led I¥ a host of energedc. acIiIIe pI¥fs that aren't 
afrlid to run h IIeIcf MidIeId!rs Greg Swartz andBany ~ are the tam's 
IradIng scorers to dire wth 7 and .. goals ,~, buI ptenty of ochers hale 
ITIiIdr sigUf\cM1t contrtbutions including AHar wet winger ~ DIMs /2 goals. 3 
assistsJ and goalie AIlerto Gomer who ~ be one of tnt besC ~. 

This weetc h nftDn Idckers tra.oef to Fresno for an ~ ~ CDIUSt 
with Fresno PadtIc College "* wiI go II long ~ cow.d deM •••• Ig the TI1IDns 
fate In tNs )el!jr's NCAA /IegIDnaI ~ 

The nett UCSO home gamewil be~, QaotIer ~ontheMMr FIeld when 
the Tritons SQUare off against h ~ of La Verne at 3:00 pm. 

KristtIe IWboum 15/ and lull Schwartz ,'/ in action agaInsIl.1 Verne at ~ ~NCM 
CMnpionsl'ips. ~ TritDn!l t.1Ic~ to ~ mutt tonitr at l.1 ~ looking for rewnge. 

TlIIon SpIlr8s TrweI TaUy, ........... s... .... 
Mer a hightj successtll performance last weetcend at La \Ierne's arna 

ir1IIitaCIonaI tournament UCSO's women's IIOIIeybaII team has more winnhg on Its 
mind ttis weetc as h Tritons prep¥e for a pair of ill4XJi ta It matches tonight and 

Satur~. 
lhIs evening UCSO trAlels back to the site of their most recent sucass when they 

tangIr with t~ UMsIty of La Verne before an erpected seI-out crowd at h IAV 
• Student Center G)mnasium. ~ time Is 7:30 pm. 

1t)OO recall thr 1982 season faIthotJgI most Triton supporters would prefer to 
forget~ La Verne and UCSO staged a spirited SRSOrHong rIvaIiy "* promises to 
spin CNer to thr 1983~. Last year, lt1r Leos WOf1lWO of their thrft matches 
with UCSO, the last one being the sweetest of MI. Last OlKetrlber 11th. La verne 
(iJ~ the Tritons .Tt i'I their own ~d to annex h NOtA 0IIIIs60n III 

~. 
Based on reant performance, howeIIer, Chis year seems to loom as a more 

promsilng one for UCSO. The Trit0n5 c.ame togt1f tei iIS a team last SaturdI!Y at La 
Verne with an n."esM 4-23 tournanMt remrd ~ I¥ an out:MMldIng 
coll1l!baclc victory CNer NAJA pwoerhouse Azusa PadIc. The win boosted their 
CNerall record to 12-10 and gwe ttteIn a <D/YIIIined 9-0nlarlc against NOtA-DMsion 
1/1 and No4\JA ~L 

The Tritons used a tr~ dI\IesIfI«I otrensNe auack to defeat ElmhJrst (m.L CSlHlornir.t!JJt!'Z Hills, Sonoma State and Azuy at La \Ierne. Setters wk.! 
Sctlwartz and ChrIsty \XIada dIwied the sets up as MnIy as possible and kept 
oppcsInQ blockers ott biIIancr most or the weekencl 

Midde hitter Kristin KilbOurn led Trlron spiIcers with 40 IdIIs In six games, but she 
had plenty of~. Molly \M1utJey ctIipped In with 3S put-OIWays, Lori Lumow had 
32. DebI:Jie Doran 26. and Karin Kalk had 23. The Tritons also recei\led a solid 
backcourt prrforrnancr from their dminutllle, buI dassy passing specialist Trish 
Hanley who led all Triton ~ i'I SMIice return etIIcien<.y and seMng 
e~. 

The Tritons baIanc:.ed attack ths year could be II key to their success. In past ymrs, 
opposing te.1mS ~outon UCSO's top titter T~Smit and ewntuaIly pidced 
up enoug-. balls to put UCSO back In its pilla. 

In 1983 it may not be thIt easy. Aft« 22 matches, h dll'l'elellcr in UCSO's 
indivi<iJa/ hittlngprcllderxyis ~lndscernible. KaIk leads wittla .271 percentage 
(kills minus erroo, dMded ~ total ~J, bUt Is doseIy ~ I¥ her 
tmrnmatrs. Clutsic2 hitters Doran. WhnDw, and Wheatley fall ~ i'I line with 
.2h 7, .263. and .253 maries. KIlbourn brings up thr rear with a more than respectable 
.246 ~rage. If that balance holds up, the Sea Squirts will indeed be tough to stop 
this season. 

Satur~ afternoon. UCSO will ~tertain Chipman College at 4 pm in the Triton 
Pallilion. A BYO pialicjbarbecue wiN be held immediately prior to the game starting 
at 1:30 pm on the UrI!)' Hall North lawn. Triton bacJcers are urged to rome early, di~, 
drink. and ~joy the ~l 

But let's set the record straight from the outset. CtIClp/Tlilf1 will be no pimc for the 
Tritons. The Panthers ~ a solid team and were rantced 10th nationally i'I Division 1/ 
last season . .A.dmission will be ctlarged for t~ ftrst time this season with general 
admission tickets going for S2.SO and student tickets for SJ.OO with a OJ(r~t 
university 1.0. 

DIscount season ticket packages PO gane lor S7.001 are still ""ailable in the 
Intercollegiate Athletic Office (sold between 12 noon and 2 pm only) for the duration 
of next week. The ticket package will grant admission to arry UCSO merfs or 
women's varsity voIieyDall or basketball home game ruring t~ entire 1983-84 
seasons. 

Join the ENTROPIC squadron of female Disc 
Whalers for ULTIMATE FRISBEE practice every 
Monday, Tuesday, and Thursday at 3:00 pm at 

Warren Field. 
All Enth"stasUc Women At Any Ezpel1ence 

Level Are Welcomell 

DO YOU RAVE ........ 1 

CAl COVEl$. 

STEERING WHEELS · BOOKS · EXHAUST SYSTEMS 

PERFORMANCE »'ORLD 
lIlRAY&Jt-7160 Miramar Road 

578-7011-next to McDonald:s 
SAN DJEQ0.3550 University Ave. 

284-1109-3 blocks east of 805 

Special DISCount lor Studenls/Slall/Facully at UCSD 
WIth TIUIAd 

bpUM October 31, 1913 

Sep(( mber 29. 1983 13 
"1'(lJ.{(1.., 

• q • ..., ~ • J£. ~,. 

Running Thoughts 
By JEFF SAVAGE & MIKE GREENBERG 
WHAT'S GOING·ON HERE DEPT. After winning thr Division 111 National 
Championship in 1981 , thr UCSD Womc:n's volirybaO team fell a few spikes short of 

~peating in '82. laVerne University took the trophy out of the Pavilion last year, but 
Doug Dannevik's Tritons will try to avenge that loss tonight in lropard country at 7:30. 
Despite losing players from a year ago, meluding two all-time league perfonner Vicki 
Pride, and Athlete of Ihe Year Tammy Smit, UCSD is ranked number one in the 
count/}'. Are thr Leopards prepared to pounce on the Tritons again? "No way'" says 
the always enthusiastic UCSD coach. "They're kind of fat and just appear way out oC 
shape." Regardless of whether the Tritons win or lOSt': tonight, Dannevik should be 
commrnded once again for his brilliant coaching job in bringing a young 
inexperienced Triton squad to the top of the polls so early· in the season. 
NOT TO BE BEUEVED DEPT. Boston Celtic All-Star forward Larry Bird signed for a 
reported 14 miUion dollars over seven years. ,.. 
WAIT A MINUTE DEPT. Has anyone ever heald of the San Diego Sockers? Does 
anyone even know that the NASL playoffs are currently raking place? Does anyone . 
even care? How in the world can the San Diego papers not report such an event to Its 
readers when San Diego possesses a team in the League? Obviously, soccer will remain 
a third-rate sport in San Diego until local newspapers and televiSion stallOns begtn to 
cover national events properly. 
ON THE AIRWAYS DEPT. While most people were watching the Giants-Packers 
telecast Monday night, we were getting psyched up [0 watch what follO\ved Ihe footban 
game, The Don Coryell Show. Dressed in blue and gold and with Charger banners ~nd 
mugs in hand, we cheered for every great defensive play that San DIego made .agamst 
the Cleveland Browns in last Sunday's game. With Coryell's resoundmg enthUSiasm 
and the great Charger offense scoring louchdowns at will , we know that this year is a . 
Super Bowl season by virtue of San Diego's convincing 48'{) victory over Ihe. Browns. 
NEXT QUesTION PLEASE DEPT, Monday's question: wtt~ was th~ last switch hitler 
10 win basebaO's MVP? Answer: Vida Blue, 1971 Oakland As. Todays question: Name 
the top three leading rushers in NFL history who wore the numbt'r 32 (answer in 
Monday's column). . 
COUlD IT BE DEPT. Tomorrow (Friday) at 2 pm, an UCSD students Win have an 
open invitation to make the newly fonned Triton fishing team. 1O.0Q0 sea bass wiD be 
planted in the ocean JUst off Torrey Pmes State Beach. The first ten students who catch 
15 bass wiD automaticaHy make this year's fishing squad. Sign up sheets for the ~vem 
are available in the Intercollegiate Office (located next to the gym). If transponatlon IS 
a PJDblem, one can take one of the buses (provided by the IA office) departing from 

th~uderX Crnter parking lot eve/}' half hour. No fishing gear will be provided. 

! ! Be a Staff Writer! ! 
-Writers of all breeds and all 
interests are needed and wanted. 

. 

-At The Guardian, dedicated staff 
writers will have the opportunity 
to attain the distinquished 
position of contributing editor. 

':Guardian staff writers rank 
among the highest paid in the 
v.c. system. 
- The frrst writer's meetings are 
Friday, Sept. 30 at 11 am and 
again at 4 pm in the Guardian 
offices (southeast of Revelle) 
Contact The Guardian at x3466, or come by 
anytime.. 

:::::::~~:=:;;~"'7''''-'''~-The Office of <:ampus Recreation------~ .. 
FrldaV. October 7 __ ---~--::::::&,IBUDLl§JtTI present . to\\ ' 
H a.m· -iO p.m. oernonstNflORS ~ tes\\~~ 

':";'g:' ~ 1 c · -... -'--_._'-. 1r.eQ1e . 
::(]) Cooking _ (]) 

Ba\\room ponce ~ (] 
GymnastiCS a (]) 
Fo\kdOnce ~ £: 
Jazz Dance c c 

<{a 

lG. & Dancing Under the Stars 
with the Siers Bros. 

CAMPUS RECREATION Department of Physical Education x4037 

'. 

( 



.. 

Women's soccer enters 
the Comfort Zone 
By GERALD W. BOITERO 

Despite his team's 2-0 loss to San 
Diego State yesterday afternoon on Muir 
Field . women's occer coach Jeff 
Comfort remains optimIStic."We only 
had nine players for our first game and 
now we have 29. As our team plays 
together more and more we hould be 
tOugh to beat" 

Comfort's optimism appears 
warranted. Just TWO years after his A11-
American senior season at UCSD. 
Comfort . 24. has inherited a group of 
enthUSiastic athletes who show more 
promise than their 2-4 recGrd indicates . 
The blemishes include a 3-0 Ioc;s to 
SDSU, a 6-0 drubbing at the hands of 
UC Santa Barbara, and a close 3-2 loss 
to UCLA along with Wednesday's loss. 
They have defeated Fresno State 1-0 
and slipped past Cal Poly Pomona in 
overtime by the same 1-0 score. The 
Pomona match was saved in the final 
seconds by sophomore goalkeeper Erin 
Aafedt. who flicked the final Pomona 
shot away for the victory. 

coach who was hired only a month 
prior to the sta rt of the season . After 
coaching LaJol1a High to the Western 
2A league title last year, Comfort was 
selected for the UCSD position because 
Athletic department officials felt that his 
familiarity with UC D SPOrtS was an 
added advantage over the other 
applicants. Comfort appears satisfied 
with his new job. "It's very easy to 

"This squad can go a 
long way and I would 
like to take them there." 
discipline the women , and I feel that 
they have respect for me. It is much 
easier to coach for the women than it 
would be for the men. This squad can 
go a long way and,l would like to take 
them there." 

"I know how 1 felt when I was at this 
school playing soccer and we didn't 
have a winning team:: says the first year 

Comfon can stan this Friday when 
the Tritons baale Cal Poly Pomona on 
the road. 

\\ere 1ookl~ Dr people 
who doni iliInk strnJght. 

If you've always looked for what's 
around the comer rather than what is 
straight ahead. consider a car~r with 
Linkabit. 

Linkabit didn't get to where it is today 
by way of turmel vision. We're a leader in 
the design, development and manufacture 
of satellite and terrestrial communications 
equipment. specializing in local 
communication networks, encryption. 
forward error correction and high speed 
modulation. Our people are very creative. 
free thinking individuals who look beyond 
obvious solutions to find advanced, 
innovative ways to meet the demanding 
needs of this industry. 

To help keep new ideas flowing, 
we've made sure that all career paths are 
flexible. Our engineers. for instance. are 
assigned to projects depending on their 
interests and abilities. As one assignment 
is completed. new opportunities are made 
available in a variety of areas. 

Because our projects are very diverse 
and complex. we utilize the most advanced 
equipment available. Arid our staff is 
comprised of professionals with a wide 
range of expertise. 

Our company is expanding rapidly, 
and we're constantly looking for talented 
people interested in communications 
systems. digital hardware or software 
engineering. We have positions available 
in San Diego, Boston and Washington, D.C. 

On Campus Interviews 
Friday, October 14 

Please contact your College 
Placement Office to arrange an interview 
appointment. If you are Wl3ble to meet 
with our representatives, please forward 
your reswne with college transcripts to: 
Dennis Vincent, MIA-COM LlNKABIT, 
3033 Science Park Road. San Diego, 
CA 92121. 

-I-M/A-COM LINIAIn, INC. 
EqualOpportunltVI 
Affirmative Action Employer 

Hands-on-nme: 
Computrr l.HJrtve. A\oOkI I~ 
CDf11)Uter lab$. long lead times. & 
iI'lconIIenient.houIs. Mak~ written 
assigt me ItS professional and mol" 
free with our IM)f'd processing and 
letter qualty printer. 
IBM, AppIeI, &~ 
EquIpIMnt. S4jhour land up, In 
y. hour segnet tl:s. Rrst time SO% 
disa:u1t with student 1.0. 
Informal acMce Of rormal classes. 
NeICt to RaIph's & ~ s-rty HIiIs SMlgs. 

... __ 411-7415-..... 

Earn ml a rna. each =-r:. 
FIacIbIe hoI4 MonthN for 
pIacIIlg PQIIwI on c:amp,a Boru 
tx.d on .... Pdzee ClWCl'dldOlWIIL 
800-526-0883. (1013) 
Della Gamma Invtt. you to join la tor 
Fell RuIh. Sept. 28 • Oct. 1. MeR 
"1fon.1CItIcI i wi! be prOYIdect at the PanMI..wc Info. ~t Sept. 27 n the 
IntanatlollCll Center at 7m See you 
tha8I (9/'B) . 
TIYIng to I'ld the .me monev to et:IM 
ooIege ...... .., y.w, you COUld work 
~ VII' want to? 1hIt buIIneII 

~ .. torVOU"Sef~ 
nameycuown hoUII- Uetpat 
no gil. IrTIIdcI. You lit VOX CWi goals 
and rTQ9 toward ftnaICiaI Indepen-
denoe. Cal (213) ~ OI'~P.O. 
!be 222. HarborCnv. CA 90710. (10110) 
~ RUSHlII Sept. 28 till Oct. 1. Be a 
pat d toda(l tlOcltiolim (9/29) 

HON)A HA'M< 400 for sale good 
c:ordtIon price negotiable phone 456-
9535r (9/~) . 
Moped for sale. VESPA PlAGGIO. 
acllent conctItIon 45&-9635 sm a 
beIt-dlar. (9/29) 
MaIOltz tuntabIe model 6110 belt drive 
auto Mum/rut-dtYfIIV good COl JCItIon 
S60.(I) 457~1. (9/29) 
IBM Selectilc I ~ typen; ..... $7S tIrm 
call Rtrdf LecMtt home .1-0271 or 
., ..... (Iec).oe mIllage). (1016) 
GuZlII'IOrIentaI Rug Sale25~ dr. more. 
copeteIrugr,l1dIIms. 1621 W. I..awII. S.D. 
2tl()G73. (1013) 
YES rotJcs. the new. 8IICItIng.1l1bliJOtlve. 

~tO<kJte CN'E book Is coming Oct. 3. 
• 

Only 5OC1II (9/27) 
For IC'II« !tan 510. cc1tO.Jldaw/cOl'MJiltfJl 
S6. 6-foot bookcase sec. CoIl Kurt at 453-
4634 all negotiable. (9/~) 
SAVE up to 4m. on almolt new 

~ lEXTBOOI<S In Math 2D 2DA 
110A 1~ 100A. AMES 103A 130A 175A. 
PhvIIcs 1~ EECS 1~ 2ZlA and PhH 
13). Ga to Mava' Hall S.17 a call x48S2. 
466-S622 ...... (10/10) 
lEN SPEED SchwInn Conttnental fa tale. 
cnat 001 dt/oI\ 21 In. flame. just tuned. 
Call Ben ~7-3683. (10/6) 
1966 KarrnaVl GhIa. nIW paint brakeI 
dutch. rurw and IooIcI great. with 
1UnIOOf.1teIeo. at actta KG parts. $2800 a 
belt • nut sell - mace oII'erI 483-4()Q7. 
..-.n/ngI. (10/3) 
19751W1:; Pacer, 6Q.£XX) mIIaI. 6 cvL stick 
... ruN good. $1075. ~11 datI. 
292·144 nights. (9/29) 

~wantedbychuretJ~1 hr. 
Sundcrt' momlng. lklflleq/ty lutheran 

~5-2789. (9/~) 
Wanted: One whlpp/ngtf beautiful maid 
fa assorted duties. Must be female and 
In good health. AlIa rTUt come for 
Int8l\llew. 510/hr. Call 457-50,1) for 

~~t. (10/3) 
ChII~. my home 18 mol. nea 
CCIn1PUS Mon/Wed all dat Tu/Th art en{ 
combination thereof $2jtv 452-1517. (9/26) 

tost, aocuate h~ qua/Hy typIny 
aelVlce term papers NPQffIl8IUmeI and 
theIes. Tel 452-1393. (9/29) 
PREGNANT? Chooee alternatives to 
abortion. Son DIego fIro.Ufe League 
HotlIne: 583-5433. 941-1515. (10/3) 

at.~nll th,' muusunUs (,( dullar.! wurm o( 
''QuipmL'Ilt yuu'", in chul).'C ul. 

And as vuu pnlj..""""'. ytltJ lIdillCt"'cr 
incn'a'lll).! ('J'J't,"Unltll~ tu aU\,tllll" ytlur 
,·nl!inlwinll ""ill •. to all,-oJ ,.,omJU.1!1.- ,;chool. 
II'hil,- ¥1'I\l ,;o.·rw your counny. 

All th,· \\'hil,-. 1"lI'lI "'- ocqllirinl:t1ll.- mnn-
,1~""11l'· 11! -kill, th.1I indu,tty!..-;Id,·rs h>l.: ft", 

S"II">I.: mill nn Arm~ ROTC "h"l"r-
,hiI'. T.llk 11 ,"'l'r II"1rh rll<' rn '*~_" of Militar;' 
5.:I,'n.:,' (11' \,1 '"r (;lInrll' 

AlMYROTC. 
_ALL 1OUCAM .. 

For more information calL Captain Reinaldo Smith. 265·"943. 

Term papers • tt-.. dluertcttlonl. low 
rateI. fait B\IIce. Pto-Type. 454-6860. La 
Jolla. (6/7) 
lVPNG - Fac:uHy/Students. Quality \N'Oft(. 
ReaIOI iCIbIa ratea. Tapes also. Sanc:t,t. 
459-5818. (10/24) 
Fast. acperlenced typist. Student • P«J 
papers. Composition/editing. Near 
OOlTlJUs 450-0732 .... Helen. (12/1) 
n?AFFIC aASSES. ~ ApprCMld. Sat. 
Sun. Eves held at University TONne 
Center. MIllIon Valle( and La Meea, 
ReglsttatloIJ ~1767. (10/3) 

Wanted: Female non-smkr. to stue 2 
'txtm. apt. In Cardllf. 5250. bIks. from 
beach. wstY/avr· 942·2696 after 5. 
(9/29) 

SAN FEUPE. Medea. October 21-23. 5105. 
LUX\IIous beach-frcnt accomodatlons. 
transportation. corfl)Ilmentary ba'. GET-
AWAY TOURS. 275-3OX> 11370. (Inquire 
about OUt' (1OUp dIIcounts.) (10/3) 

FOlN>: Female OM>' beige ~ Idtten 
with yam colla. MMr Counl8llng • 
p".cn 1003 HurncnHeI Ubrory Bldg. a 
phone 452-3755. (9/29) 
LOST: Sheei:*dn jacket w/poAr gk:tIses In 
podcet. loIt In I.~m. flnallweek 
a lait quarter. . No QU8IfIons 
0Iked. Return to 5271Vgo Hall. 453-7614. (10/6) 

We want a maid must be kind. pret1y. 
Intellgent and female. 510 an hour call 
457·5O,n (10/3) 
CNlE CAPE OPE CAPE CAPE CAPE CAPE 
CNlE CAPE COPE Is coming. At the 
bookItae on Oct. 3. Only SOC. (9/~) 
Delta Ganvna InvIteI you to join us for 
Fall Ruth - Sept. 28 ttvu Oct. 1. See you 
10001 (9/'}9) 
There was a voung man tom UCSD 
Wto on a sur1board rather would be. 
But he came to the month d WONf.D 
'NIth the rest a the UCSD crowd. 
And 10 he's got It together. you see. 

. (9/~) 
E\l8fYthlng 'f'OU always wonted to know 
about profs. but IN8I8 aI\'aId to 0Ik. CAPE 
at bookstae Oct. 31 (9/'}9) 
BE A PART OF TODAY'S TRADITlONIII 
Sorority Rush: Sept. 28 till Oct. 1. (9/~) 
Get endowed with WCM'EDIIII (9/~) 

Classified Ads 
Sell Like Crazy 

CIaIsIIed advertising space Is sold in 100 
chaacter Increments. Each letter. 
PUnctuation mart< and space between • 
\o1IOdI Is considered a chatacter. with 
capital letters counting as two 
chaacters. The rate Is $1.00 per 100 
chatacters fasludents and $3.00 per 100 
chaacters for nc»studentI. You must 
came by the omoe a maII/n your ad. as 
we I8qUN pavmant In advance c:A 
publication. Deactlne: 5:00 pm Tuesdav 
b ThuIIcbIs paper; 5:00 pm FrIdot for 
Mondcr(s peper. For more Infom dlon. 
call 452-3466. The Gtuardlar\ UCSD, .. 
016, La Jolla, CA ,.,3, 

c.nte~.!l DellMr Hair Salon 
................ -..w ••• 

Perms • Cellophana • 
Back to ...,.,,~ 

___ n_. o.-.,._ ..... o.a. 
7 ~ at 1011 CamIno Del ",. / Del ",., Ca. 920i. 

(619) 411-6739 

Volunteers Needed 
for Acne Study 

Division of Dennatology 
School of Medicine 

Twelve week study involves daily application of 
lotion to skin and monthly visits for evaluation. 

Voluntms a~ paid 550.00 for participation in study. 
If interested call 452-4955 

or 452-6847 and leave name and phone number. 



TEXAS INSTRUMENTS 4P IN C ORPORATED 
Scientific Calculator wltb Programming 

and Statistks 
TI-55-11 

• 112 Powerful built-in functions for math, 
science, and engineering. 

• Simple programmability gives you added 
versatility, speed. 

• Definite integration of functions entered 
into program memory. 

• Use up to 8 memories or 56 program 
steps. 

Powerful Portable Affordable 

iCJ~' .C:J.~.· .D.· .' $1325 TI-30-11 
o:::JCJbo 
o6c!:J~CJ 
D6~oCJ 
c.Jo606 
CJoouCJ 
o6CJC:Jo 
00 " 06 C_t ___ 

• Contains the advanced algebraic and 
trigonometric functions today's math and 
science students need. , 

• Most-needed slide rule functions at the 
touch of a key: Root" Powers, Reciprocals, 
Common and natural logs, and much more. 

University Bookstore, Q-008 
University of caHfomia, San Diego 

La Jolla, caHfomia 92093 
Computer/Electronics Department 

Pbone: 452-4291 

********************* 

:ACT 'NOW!: 
~ * ~ * ~ 
~ 
~ 
~ 
il 

~ 
ir 

~ 
i' 

~ 
i' 
i' 

. i' 
'i' 

~ ~ YOU" CAN ATTEND UCSD AND .. ! ALSO EARN A COMMISSION IN : 
i' THE U.S. NAW OR MARINE * 
i' CORPS. SCHOlARSHIP AND * 
i' NON-SCHOlARSHIP PROGRAMS .. ! AVAILABLE. CONTACT THE NROTC : 
! ~~:-4~~ MORE INFO! . : 

~*****.************** 
CHECI< OUT LA JOLLA VILLAGE SQU ARE'S 

~NIENCE N'!'ER 
CHECK THE SHOPS Storm International SamSote's Deli Lee Clark's FI_ness Is Fun 

Florist and Gifts 455-1461 457-2557 
Aaron Brothers Art Marts 452-0551 Tilt Precis~n ~rel 457-5908 Strouds Linen-Warehouse 452-0154 452·5830 
The Athlete's Laces 457-0525 

... OR OUR SERVICES san ~ FederaII2. Hour Teller 457-1515 459·974 
Crown Books Video Gallery SCientific Skin Care 450-0577 450-1554 Beverly Hills Savings And 

Loan Association 457·2004 HomePlace THE RESTAURANTS 452·5660 security Padfic Satlonal Bank 450-1811 &t ENTEIUAINMENT 455·7294 California Eyecare Plan 
Pic-A-Dilly 457·1200 Sunny Fresh Cleaners 
455-7319 Aesop's Tables Greek Cafe Century 21 Village Realty 455·0071 
Radio Shack 455-1535 B.J. 's Chicago Pizzeria 455·8770 Travel Travel 457-9530 Fox Photo La Jolla 455-0662 Ralphs G Fairfields Bar & Grill 450-1426 450·1113 455-0840 457 -3227 Kinko's Copies Young Altitudes/ 

La Jolla Village 457-3775 Hair Graphics 
Pacific Thealres La Jolla Village Denial Group 457·3334 455-9151 

Take Gilman l)rive off 1-5 to Villa La Jolla Drive, turn right ... and you're at the Cen en,. ..... 

, 



An Arts Magazine Serving the Community 
Vol. 4, No.1 September 29,1983 



· .. 

.. 

The Magazine 
of the '80s 

fdltor 
Al'lDREW Ktf:LfR 

Assodatc: Arts fAlltor 
JOHN Nff 

Writers 

, 

MIKf: ANN , JAN BR[S -
W)[R, CNRlSTOPNfR CAI'tOLf, 
JOAl'1 roRSBfRG. ROl'1A NU, M.s. 
HUITT (Gardening), PAUL M, 
JONr.s, CI..YO[l'1f l'1[f 

Niiltus is published every 
ThursdilY of the school yor ilS iI 
supplement til til e UCSD 
GUAIOIAl'1. Reproduction or usc 
without written permission of In)' 
portion of this magaziJlt is iI 11& 
no. We welcome un50licited 
letters, manuscripts and artwork, 
but lSSume no ruponslbility for 
the rdurn of such , Send 
Information to : 

HIATUS 
1H>16. t.1 Jolla 

Ca., 92093 

Ar>I1 thai s the fact, Jackl 

Contents 
\ 

Cover: Singing sensation Betty 
carter willjoin numerous other jau 
greats In this weekend's KOOl Jau 
festival at UCSD. Paul Jones tells us 
what, where and when to watch for 
in his detailed report on the festival 
beginning on page 5. 

'[ddje' ,.., rage l 
'Eddie and the Cruisers' Is a strong 

film about the mysterious life ora rock 
and roll star and writer/producer 
Arlene Davidson gives us an insight 
into the background or Eddie Wilson as 
well her own views on life in an 
interview with Christopher canole. 

The San Diego Opera , rage 4 
Our man-about-town James Ralph 

Papp gives us his thoughts on the 
upcoming season for the San Diego 
Opera, who recently went through 
some key personnel changes including 
a new director, The moral or the story 
is, "It ain't over 'til the fat lady sings: 

Dr. Dian femey , . rage 7 
for the past 16 years Dr, fossey has 

been studying gorillas at her research 
center in Rwanda. Tonight she will be 
on campus to give a lecture on "11Ie 
Ure and the Threats to the Sunival or 
the Mountain Gorilla." A wild time will 
be had by all. 

HIATUS 
The Unofficial magazine 
. of the 1984 Olympics 

8y MIKf AHrt 
(Please read to a rapping funk beat) 
OWl Get downl 
We're Hiatus and we're here to say 
that we come out every Thursday 
We're an arts magazine that hits the scene 
at UCSD and ain't that clean 
You'll read all about painting and dance 
And rock 'n' roll without a chance 
Come write for us if you please 
You can do it with great ease 
You'll find us housed with the Guardian 
Where the entire staff will be party'n 
We're In right next to the Che cafe 
walk on In - you'll want to stay 
We'd like your input and that's no lie 
We're at 8-016, 50 just drop by 
Our telephone number's nice and handy 
It's 452-3466, ask for John or Andy 
They're the editors of tliatus 
Stick with them and you'll be famous. 
The next thing you know old Jed's a Millionaire. 

But Seriously folks. • • If 
you are interested in 
writing please come to 
our new writers meeting 
friday at 11 am. lbanks. 

SATURDAY NIGHT AT 8:00 PM 

Major Hollywood Sneak Preview 
MURDER IN MOSCOW FROM TIlE INTERNATIONAL BFBr SEIJ.ER 

The a ....... o.teetl ... : 
Is he supposed 
to solve the crimes, 
or cover them up ? 

The Girl : 

Does she love him ? 
Or is she one of them ? 

Does he sell furs . . . ? 
Or friends? 

TIle New Yan C!p: 
Does he want justice? 
Or vengeance? 

WILLIAM HURT . LEE MARVIN In n KOCH/KIRKWOOD Produclion 
slom", BRIAN DENNEHY' IAN BANNEN and lnrrodu"",JOANNA PACULA M U6Ir ~yJAMES HORNER 
Str .. nploybyDENNIS POTTER B ... d onthe..,u.l by MARTIN CRUZ SMITH ~::;:';/.y RALF D. BODE, A.S.C. 

I"oducllon D"I6~,PAUL SYLBERT Anocrot, Producm EFREM HARK HAM and URI HARKHAM Em utlV. ProduurBOB LARSON 
I"oduced by GENE KrnKWOOD and HOWARD W. KOCH, JR. Dlrw.d b) MICHAEL APfED An OIGO" PICTURES ReIeIse 

Prints by /k/>u... © 1983 Onon PIClu; .. Cofporlllon ... 11 Rill"" Reserved P"nled In US '" 

RlGULAA ffATUAf Will 8C $/<OWN FOlLOWING PREVIEW 

2 Illiatu5 September 29, 1983 

The of 
word IV 0 maR 
The cruisers 

By CHRlSTOrHER eMOIE 
Why have many rock 'n roll 

visionaries mysteriously died 
on the threshold of their 
dreams? What did the nre and 
fear of their eyes see that drove 
them to take risks with their 
music and their lives? 

fddie and the Cruisers seeks 
to use words and music to see 
Into the heart, mind and soul of 
rock 'n roll, Arlene and Plartln 
DaYidson use visual Images. 
dynamJc musk and the words of 
a legendary french poet for 
their vision. Through 
photographic Images of I:cIcIle, 
an Intenlew with Arlene 
Davidson (co-writer and 
associate producer) and the 
words of the r'rench visionary 
Arthur Rlmbaud perhaps some 
IIDlght can be gained Into the 
lives and deaths of thO!Je who 
created music ;lhead oftbefI 
time. 
"Uta: 11Ie novel I!ddie 1M 
the Cruisers presents an 
Intriguing, atypical commen-
tary on rock 'n roll. Pemaps this 
arises due to the background or 
the author p.r. KllIge, a veteran 
journalist with a Ph.D. from the 

~nfyerslty of Chicago. He sewed 
as a reporter on the Will S~ 
Joumal and coauthored Dog 
Diy Aftemoon. What Inspired 
you to adapt a screenplay to 
Kluge's noyel? 
Duldson: I related very 
strongly to the Word man 
character, frank Ridgeway. He 
was a person who had just been 
divorced, stuck In hfs !'lew 
Jersey hometown, teaching 
unlDSplred students, living In a 

b.-aer, and seemed to have very 
IItUe to look forward to. 

But he had this one wonderful 
moment In his past to 5U5taln 
him. He was one of the Cruisers. 

Then suddenly, through a 
nuke, his whole -past came 
rushing back at him. He decided 
to give himself a second chance, 
a second opportunity at 
fulfillment by nndlng the 
remaining Cruisers and the girl 
he ' once lOVed. 

His life alter the attempt had 
to be richer for the experience. 

That was something that 
appealed to me because I was 
going through very much the 
same things as he was at that 
time: a total Ufe change. There 
was a need to take rbks. 
",."., Why did you take the 
risk of changJng the Cl'lginal 
story witJI C'.DDItant c0mpar-
Isons between fddle and the 
nineteenth catury I'rench poet 
Arthur Rlmbaud1 
D ...... , My brother Marty 
Davidson (cowrlter and 
director) and I chose to write 
about someone who wanted tQ 
be ahead of bls time. Someone 
who did not want to Imitate. To 
be grat To be cWI'a'ent. So we 
thought Arthur Rlmbaud made 
an IntereSlng comparison. 

Rlmbaud was quite 
disreputable, mean, perhaps 
even ruthless and perveme. A 
tortured soul, but stili one of the 
greatest poets that em lived. 

His writings were a quest. a 
search for perfection, an 
attempt to ftncI total freedom. 
His poem ""Smon In Hell" was 

a spiritual and confessfonal 
autobiography. 

At the age of nlndftn. 
Rlmbaud comltted sulcfcle. riot 
01 the leah, but of the mind and 
soul. He neYer wrote another 
word and disappeared oft' the 
face of the earth. He was not 
seen nor heard !'rom for nearly 
twenty years, until he 
reappeared In a IKJspltaJ In 
Marlellles on his deathbed. 

\k ~It Rlmbaud related 
dlrecUy to Kluge's concern for 
rock 'n roll's loss of Jim 
PIorrIson, Jlml Hendrix. Janice 

CAN YOU BUY GOOD TASTE? 

joplin, Buddy Holly and John 
Lennon. PIaybe there needs to be 
an euminatlon of the reasons 
behind some of tM3e deaths. 

lddle'sllne In tbe IIlOYle, "In 
cannot be great then there 15 no 
seIDe In making music at all," Is 
something I partially agree with 

If you are willing to take a 
chance at being great to try 
something new, then you will be 
enriched. 

We do nol however, have to 
do as l:clclle or Rlmbaud. We do 
not have to disappear from the 
face of the earth. 

Yes! Now you can acquire good taste for a 
couple of bucks, Just wear shirts and visors 
that say "Dos Equis," After all, those 

words and alligators have good taste, 

are foreign words, And anyone in college 
knows people who wear stuff with foreign 

So, order your kind of good taste in Dos 
Equis sportswear today, And remember to 
eat your peanut butter and jelly sand-
wiches over the sink, 

But take the chance, be 
different, do not just keep 
playing it safe. Take the risk. 

"Uta: Perhaps the most 
dramatic and introspective 
moment in the movie is created 
through a series or still 
photographs or [ddle. How did 
these photos come to be 
incorporated Into the movie? 
DilVidson: We needed some 
pictures we would use on the 
walls of Joann's house, so we set 
up a photo ~Ion during pre-

pIeue .... to page 11 

CllMl CMtc" .. MuctttwnI. S A 

September 29, 1983 "WId .1 



.. 

It ain't over 'til the fat lady sings 

Stephanie Sundine 

By JAPlts RALPH PAPP 
Since the glossy brochures 

for this opera season were 
printed last spring, the san 
Diego Opera has suffered 
unexpected and serious changes 
in its management. first, 
General' Director Tlto 
capobianco decided to leave 
San Diego to join the Pittsburgh 
Opera. Then the president of the 
Opera Association. Mrs. frank 
Weston, resigned. She was 
replaced by Sandra Pay. who 
later In the summer announced 
the appointment of Assistant 
Artistic Director of the 
Metropolitan Opera Ian 
campbell as general director of 
the San Diego Opera. However, 
Ignoring the management 
changes. the season Is going on 
without major alteration. 
bringing us Gennan. french and 
Italian operas. 

Lohengrin was produced for 
opening night (the last 
performance is this Saturday at 
7 p.m.). Peter Hofmann, who was 
to sing the title role. 
unfortunately had to have his 

, nl.ttu September 29. 1983 

tonsils operated on at the last for the 18th and Mozart·s Don 
minute. and he was replaced by Qiooanni. The last run of the 
William Neill. for the second season Is Bizet's (annen. from 
production the title-role singer. March 8 until the 17th. The Verdi 
Sherrill Milnes in Ambroise festival begins In June. 
Thomas' Hamlet. also had to Opera ticket prices have gone 
cancel. He wlJl be replaced by up from last year. the most 
William Justus. who Hnlshes expensive ones leaping from 
perform ing Telramund In $25 to $35. but the least 
Lohengrin less than a week expensive tickets are only $7. 
before the opening. However. The prices In between are $14. 
Milnes will be here for the $20 and $32. It remains to be 
summer Verdi festival to appear seen whether they will stili be so 
with Martina Arroyo in Simoin worth the price: whether Ian 
Bocanegra. Justus will also be Campbell will become as 
back for the Verdi festival. In I prominent a San Dlegan and as 
flfasnaderi with Dame Joan Important an International 
Sutherland. opera Hgure as Capoblanca: 

following Hamlet. which whether fund raising will 
opens on rriday, October 7/ continue to pay for the half of 
comes Rossini's Cinderell& This production costs ticket revenue 
will be Its San Diego Opera does not cover: whether the San 
premiere, opening on October Diego Opera will hold on to 10 
21. placejust behind San rranclsco 

After Its closing there will be on the West Coast. Because 
a break until fEbruary 10 ~ncI programming and booking are 
another San Diego Opera done so far in advance, It will be 
premiere, Donlzetti's tragic - dimcult to tell for a while, but 
piece Anna BoIena. Then later In there are no signs that the SDO 
february, on the 24th, they is lapsing Into a less energetic 
Hnally leave the 19th century part of Its careu. 

...... ndU 

f' 
iL 
.(~.,-~~<)~ 
Introductory Special 

111;'11 til" l1li 0,,1y 

$12 Haircuts for students 
",;,,, s."",.. }.flfU or CIuJrm.i"e 

regularly $22 (women) 
. $19 (men) 

8950 Villa La Jolla Dr. 
Suite 1122 

La Jolla. Ca. 92037 
1015183. 

F 0 It 0 V E R III 5 
;; . 

l' H £ F 
1 I , 

F R IW 
A IN D L A IS 11 , 0 

k: 
:..' 1 R 

I IN . ~ .. D 
.. 11" 

.. , IP R E P A 'R A T I 0 
S 
T 

WIOU DOWlI 
1lSAT tvAT 1 NMB I GRE PSYCH 
2 GMAI " lOEfl 2 VflE 11 CAE BID 

Y 
R 
S 

...• 

.. 

N 

3 GRE 11 5SAT lEOMG 11 ACHIEVEMENIS 
4 MCAT 
50Al 
• MAT 
J PCAI 
• OCAT 

12 PSAT 4 FlEX 12 NURSING BOS 
13 SAl 5 NOB 13G~ 
14A(I • NPB I 14 SPEED RfAOING 
15 MSKP 7 NCB I 15 ESt REVIEW 

ICGINS ,. INTRO 10 
lAW SCHOOL 

~--H. 
MPIAN 
EDUCATIONAl aNnA 

San Diego Center 
2180 Garnet Ave" Suite 2D 
Pacific Beach 921 09 
(619) 27N110 
ML McNulfy. ~mlnistrator 

KOOL at school: 
Jazz festival 
comes to ,UCSD 
By PAUL PI. JONES 

I 

~ 
:/ 

"-list •• bert ins lads _ llltaaalloaaly KClaIHd Ine-up to UCSD for lIle looL Jazz readwal. 
A common observation of 

American jazz musicians Is they 
rarely receive any media 
recognition until they die. Such 
Is the case of Paul Desmond. 
Thelonlous Monk and Charles 
Mingus, to name only a few. 
American television broadcasts 
many golf tournaments but 
never broadcasts jau concerts 
(wIth the rare exception of PBS). 
Interestingly enough, the 
majority of today's jazz 
aucUence Is, generally speaJdng, 
made up of two ratlta' diverse 
groups: Inner-city blacks 
(us18l1y of lower Income) and 
wblte Intellectuals (usually 
mlddle-cp). In an attempt to 
reach beyond the narrow 

audience mentioned above, the 
San Diego KOOL Jazz restlval 
will feature four different 
concerts here on campus this 
weekend. 

The four concerts are part of a 
ten-day festival. a co-
production of the KOOLandSan 
Diego jazz festivals, featuring 
more than 150 jazz artlsts, 
which began In san Diego 
September 23 and .. II I end here 
Sunday. CoorcU .. tor Rob Hagey 
was abk to combine the 
ftnanclal raources ofthe Brown 

~ Williamson Tobacco 
Corporation with his own 
creative endeavors of the 
successful San DIego (formerly 
La Jolla) Jazz ratlval. Hagey 

believes that San Diego Is "on 
the threshold of being a focal 
point for a jazz renaissance:' 

Along with classical muslc, 
jazz Is the most sophisticated 
form of musical expression 
(sorry rock fans, but while the 
productJon of rock music Is 
sophisticated, the music Is not). 
And jazz music ltself Is, 
according to Percy Heath, the 
art of Improvisation. The artists 
performing here are ruognlzed 
ill the jazz world as masters of 
the art: vocalists Betty carter 
and carmen McRae. suophonist 
Sonny Rollins. trumpeter 
Wynton "-lis. ftutlst Hubert 
I.-s .ad pianist Dave Brubeck. 
It Is exbanely rare for jazz 

artists of this caliber to perform freeman along with n"tlst 
here at UCSO. Here Is the James "ewton. 
opportunity for everyone to be flutist Hubert Laws has been, 
exposed to these greats before for over a decade. one of jazz's 
they die. m 0 s t pop u I ar t a len t s , 

The festival opens this friday combining classical, fUsion and 
night at 8 pm In Mandeville MB. He has played funk with 
Auditorium. The program the Crusaders, salsa with Mongo 
features tenor saxophonist Santamarla, jazz with J.J. 
Sonny RoIlim and vocalist Betty Johrwon and James Woody and 
Carter. Rollins has established . soul with Arthur Prysock. He has 
the criteria by which the made recordings of Bach's 
standard of jazz saxophone Btandenbuty Concerlos and 
playing Is Judged. Through the Stravinsky's Rite of Spring. 
19405 and 5Os, Rollins worked Trumpeter Wynton Marsalis. 
with such jazz greats as 6ud Down Beat magazine's "1982 
Powell, Mill Roach, Clifford Musician of the Year/" Is, at the 
Brown. fats Navarro, Miles Davis ,age of - 21, developing a 
and John Coltrane. Since going substantial national Rputatlon. 
solo In 1957/ Rolllm has He has worked with Art Blakey 
become recognized as a leading and with Herbie Hancock, Tony 
instrumental force In the jazz Williams and Ron Carter as a 
world, playing all over the world member oIVSOP n. Marsalis will 
and earning a Grammy bernakinghisSanDIegodebut. 
nomination for his score to the The program also Includes the 
Him Alfie. Jonny Copeland Blues Band. 

Vocalist Betty Carter has been featuring San Diego native 
at the forefront of her Held for Arthur 6lyth. Rounding out the 
more than 30 years. She is one program Is tenor sax player 
of the few jau singers whose Chico I'reeman and his quintet 
repetoire is comprised largely including Hutist James Newton: 
of her own compositions. Based Tickets are $12.50 advance and 
In Detroit Carter will be making $14.50 at the door. An 
a rare West Coast appearance. unlimited amount of $3 UCSD 
The 8 pm concert will be student discounts are available 
preceded by a reception and for this picnic concert. 
photography exhibition at 6:45. On saturday evening at 8 pm 
Tickets are $16 advanceand $18 at Mandeville is perhaps the 
at the door. There is a limited most extraordinary of the 
amount of $3 UCSD student campus concerts. ~ntltled 
discounts available. ArlLsts of the 80s: focus on 

Starting at noon Saturday, Women. this program has its 
the festival continues with roots reaching back to 1980 
KOOL Jazz PIcnic on the South when the La Jolla (San Diego) 
Lawn of Revelle College. This Jazz Festival Hrst presented a 
six-hour concert presents Hutist program entitled Jazz: /Yew 
Hubert Laws, trumpeter. Wynton Directions in the 80s. The 
Marsalis, and suophonist Chico please tun to page 9 

Get ACuel . 
Quit complaining about the issues after the fact! 

Here's your opportunity to make something of yo~rselfl 
APPLY fOR COMMlnO POSmONS 

Academic Senate Admissions Subcommittee 
Academic Senate AfIIrmative Action Subcommittee 
Academic Senate Computing Subcommittee 
Academic Senate Education PoBcv & Courses 
Academic Senate Ubrary Subcommittee 
Academic Senate Planning 8t Budget Subcommittee 
Advisory Committee on Student finance 
Advisory Committee on Student Registration Fee 
Associated Students Judidal Board 
Bookstore Advisory Committee 

u .......... :LI-

CampusiConpnunity P1anning Committee 
Capital Outlay Space Advisory Committee 
Chancellor's Advisory Committee on Instructional Improvement 
Day Care Center Advisory Committee 
EnroUment Projections Review Committee 
Housing Advisory Committee 
Mandeville Center Advisory Committee 
Oasis Advisory Committee 
On Campus Residential 8t Food Service Committee 
Residential Apartment Advisory Committee 

Contact Mark Boroditzky or leave a message with VIVian Stokes at 452-4450. 

AIIo .. atecf -
Students with a busine~-related background interested in participating in a 

Anancial Task Force related to AS. activities. Contact AS. President Craig 
Lee at 452-4450. 

PaatIaermore -
If programming concerts. lectures. ftlms. and TGIF's excites you contact Greg 

Hemperly at 452-4450 about his Programming Cpmmission. 

I.uIIy -
If you want to play a vital role in the political future of your campus. siQn up today 

for AS. Sections CollUllission. Contact Bill Anse1 at 452-4450. 

, 

SeptaabrJ 19. 1915 ...... ! 



,-

• 

Two JMJUtts of view 
on student housing. 

The Landlords 
Landlords just can't figure why anyone 
would buy when they can rent. After all, 
owning a home is a big responsibility that 
students can' t possibly handle . Your life would 
become undi ciplined and chaotic without the 
landlord's rules to live by. Your damage deposit 
wouldn 't be there waiting for you (without interest. 
minus deductions) when you leave. peaking of 
leaving, when you rent you 're free to pick up 
and leave anytime the whim trikes you (or 
your landlord). And how about the fun of 
listening to your neighbor thru those thin 
walls - on a good night you don ' t even 
need a stereo for entertainment. All in 
all , renting is better than buying (from the 
landlord's point of view) . It 's the natural 
order of things. Without renter like you, how 
would landlords be able to buy their buildings? 

Park VfIIas 
Park Villas is dedicated to the proposition 

that you'd rather invest In your future, 
instead of the landlords. So, we've made It 

possible to buy a home In Mission Valley for less 
than it costs to renl. How? Simply by being fair, 

rather than greedy. The down payment Is low. Your 
damage deposit could cover a lot of It (If you can 

get It baCk). Monthly payments are low too. 
Probably less than you're now paying to rent. 
We give you a 4-year break to get you staned. 

With 8 7/8% the first year, graduating to 
12 118% Annual Percentage R~te years 4 -

u...-...... 30. So you can start buying your home 
before you can afford the payments. Pnces 

are very low. Starting at '49,990. And the homes 
are really outstanding, situated in a true park 

environment with clubhouses, pools and saunas. 
In a few words, the difference between Park 

Villas and an apanment is easy to measure . You 
put a deed in your pocket instead of a hole. 

WHERE YOU SPEND ~ 'DIAN ~ TO OWN A HOME. JIID(D S1DT III 149,900 

Models open dlily 10:OO!O 6:00 
Phone 619 /299-0029 

Prices II< le rm, ,uhicCi 10 change wllhllUI nnllce . 

TYPICAL ILUlPLI!. BaSed on ca.~h price of 49,900 and 
2,590 down; paymenl5 based on 8~ % f1rl1t Yr:lr, 9~ %. 
~cond year, IO~%' Ihlrd Yr:lr, 11)(,% rcmalnlnll27 Yr:lrs 
will vary from 1385 to 1493. Add la>re< and homeowners 
dues. 

Tau F raternitv Fall Rush 
Kappa--.... I Come Cfieck Us Out 

Epsilon Delta 
Friday, Sept. 30 S· 
Open Rush Blowout Igma 

Ph.-Come one, come aU. This is definitely a party no one will want 
to miss. 

1950 Coast Blvd., Del Mar 
8pm 

Saturday, Oct. 1 
Luxury in La Jolla 

Come to the beautiful Corrente 
home in La Jolla and experience 
the good life. Both th~ pool and 
will be open with your favorite 

exotic drinks. 
End of La Jolla Farms Rd. 

12 noon 
Sunday, Oct. 2 

Open Chapter Meeting 
Come find out what TKE is 

really about. 
HL 1402 

7 pm 
Monday, Oct. 3 

Free 

Tuesday, Oct. 4 
Meet the Tekes and 

Mexican Dinner 
Enjoy a Mexican dinner while you 

watch a slide show. 
Muir N. Dining Room 

6pm 
Little Sister Meeting 

Informal Lounge 
7:30 pm 

6 nWu September 29. 1983 

Friday, Sept. 30 
Live Band "Surfs Up" 

8:00 pm 
Saturday, Oct. 1 

FREE NITE 
Sunday, Oct. 2 

Football 
Revelle Field 

1:00 pm 

Thursday, Oct. 6 
Semi Formal Cocktail Party 
Take this chance to get dressed 
up and enjoy a few drinks with the 
brothers and little sisters of TKE. 

Place TBA 
7:30 pm 
~ednesday,Oct.5 

Off 
Friday, Oct. 7 

Luau Beach Party 
Put on your coolest surf outfit and 
enjoy dancing to surf music , sand, 

and a wild party. 
Marine Street, La Jolla 

8 pm 

Phi 
""""---Delta-----

Theta 
FrWay, Sept. 30 

Beach Party 
North Torrey Pines 

State Beach 
9pm 

Monday, Oct. 3 
Day of Rest 

Tue8Clay, Oct. 4 
Pizza & Brew 
Revelle Deli 

6pm 
Wedne .... y, Oct. 5 
Meet Delta Sigma Phi 

Revelle Informal Lounge 
8 pm 

Thursday, Oct. 6 
Sorority Joint 
La Jolla Cliffs 

7 pm . 
FrWay, Oct. 7 

TOGA! 
Live Band 

8 pm 

Satarday, Oct. 1 
OFF 

Saaclay, Oct. 2 
Ice Cream Social 

9am&9pm 

Moaday, Oct. 3 
Bowling 
7:30 pm 

Tue8day, Oct. 4 
Delta Gamma Exchange 

8pm 

Wedaeeclay, Oct. 5 
Off 

Thuraday, Oct. 6 
Pizza Night 

7pm 

Friday, Oct. 7 
Blowout Party 

9pm 

Tbis week's 
Concerts 

rlow that the school yur Is 
off to a ftying start. It Is 
necessary to once again 
Inform the students of UCSD 
of events (I.e. concerts) 
occurring off campus. 

The big big thing 
happening this week Is the 
AdrIaa ... show at the 
8ackdoor at San Diego Slate 
University. Belew Is IIKlIl 
noted for his Involvement 
wftb King CrImson. which has 
been reformed and reviled 
for the eighties. In acIcIltlon 
to being the second guitar · 
and primary lyricist for 
CrImson. Belew has worked 
with David Bowie. ' The 
Talking Heads and the Tom 
Tom CIIII» .... year. howeva. 
8eh:w eIpIIlCIed towanls a 
solo calm' with his album 
Twang ,., King. which 
brings together more 
elements of pop than his 
previous work. Belew will 
play Saturday at 9 pm. 

rew fanale vocalists have 
been able to maintain a 
career that can keep pace 
with that of D .... 1loIe. Out 
of the mishmash of female 
groups that arose in the 

sbtIes (the Ronettes. the 
ShIRIles. the Cry!ItaIs). only 
the Suprema were able to 
eqIoy an extended calm'. 
I'Iom the early sbtJes ibis 
h&1 been In the throes of 
stardom In an Industry 
dominated largely by males. 
The fanaIe group phen0me-
non can even be traced to tile 
present. It seems very 
unlikely ~t any glUt ~ 

wtll rbe Ii'OIII bands like the 
rllrts and the CicHlos. Rms 
will play Saturday at 8 pm In 
the Sports Arena. 

In other eve" this week: 
TIle ........ H.s .... and 
1'IIe o.Ids wITI play In the Rtc 
Gym Saturday. AdmIssJon Is 
two dollars. Joa linn will 
play wftb tile S.aa.us 
IIraIIIt.n l'rkIay at tile SDSU 
Amphitheater. 

The life and times of 
the Mountain 'Gorilla 

In 1~ there were ~ 
mountain gorillas: today thm 
are only 2~. According to tile 
Rwandan IItlnlstry of roreign 
Amli.,. If it weren·t for the work 
of prlmatologlst Dr. Dian rossey. 
there wouldn·t be any mountain 
gorillas left at all. 

ror the put 16 years. Dr. 
rossey's studies have been 
carried out at her Karisoke 
Research Centre. high In the 
mlst-sh~ mountains of 
Rwanda. The camp Is set 10.000 
feet up In the heart of the 
mountain gorillas' habitat 
among the Vlrunga Volcanoes (a 
region shared by Rwanda. laIR 
and Uganda) where it serves as a 
base for visiting scientists 
whose Joint efforts have 
provided Invaluable Informa-
tion about this imperiled 
species. . 

One of Dian rossey's most 
Important accomplishments 
has been the debunking of the 
"King-Kong myth" associated 
with the gorilla. In fact. hwtead 
of the ferocious. slavering man-
killer of pulp ftctlon and the old 
'B' movies. the mountain gorilla 
is a shy. trusting vegetarian: an 
altruistic animal that will 
sacrifice Its own life for the 

safety of Its family: an animal 
Dr. rossey re~rs to affection-
ately as a "gentle giant" It is 
also the only primate. aside 
from human beings. that lives In 
family units. bound by kilLShlp 
ties that endure for decades. 

Dr. rOssey's appearance nen: 
coincides with the publication 
or her ftrst book. Gori'~ in the 
Mi.st-a record of the longest 
primate study conducted In the 
wild. In addition to providing 
the most extensive bibliography 
on the species available. 
autopsies and parasitology 
reports. Gori'~ in the Mist 
chronicles the lives of some 100 
gorillas: from childhood, play. 
and adolescence to courtship. 
old age and death. It also stands 

~ a testament to Dian rossey's 
courage and her dedication to 
the survival of one of the world's 
most rnagniftcent and most 
enclanqered species. 

Dr. rossey's lecture. "The Ufe 
and the Threats to the Survival 
of the IIIountain Gorilla." will be 
fully Illustrated with slides. and 
will be followed by a question 
and answer period. The program 
is tonight at 8 p.m. In 
MandevIlle. 

THE BES ... SHOWS IN TOWN 
ARI AI' VIDEO GALLERY I 

ALL yOU CAN EAT 
8oap ... $3.50 • SaIa ..... $4.50 • Soap. SaIatI ••• $5.25 

Muffins, Breads and Dessert Included 

We also have Sandwiches, Quiche, ijroiled Chicken Platter, 
Steak Sandwiches and Burgers . . 

10% DISCOUNT WITH STUDENT 1.0. 
Op .. Il·9:-".DAILY 737PEAllLSTIIEET,LA.IOLlA 454-M53 

The Greatest Zu on Earth Is In Solana Beach ... 

1t1h1~ 
<elllUJ 

~lUJ 

TheClubZu 
II at 

North HIghway 101 
SOlANA BEACH-

Club 
ran Duran 

~ 100's of titles to choose from fd>~ Rent a Video Recorder ~ 
Dr. [)eIrOIt for $9.90 per night ,~ 

, $3.00 per movie with recorder rental , 
1f'" "Three flee I'TICMe rentals given to N!.NI club members 

• ~Wecl Club Members receive two for the price c:A one 
• Fun Une c:A VIdeo Recorders. cameras at Accessories 

Nf:W LOCATIONI 
1310 Camino Del Mar 

Del Mar, CA 92014 

UCSD vs. CHAPMAN 
Saturday. October 1st. 4:00 pm 

Pre-Game BYO P1cn1c/Barbeque starts at 
1:30 pm on the Urey Hall North Lawn. 

Discount season Heket packages 
available to those in attendcDlce. 

Septanba 29. 198.l ",.",. 7 



.. 

UC San Diego 
University Events Office 

Season 
1983-- 1984 

IIC - S<N _ DlfCO 
J TCR ATIO Al 
fliN ~IRIIS 

I 9 R·) 
THE INVITATION TURTLE ON ITS BACK 

•• T2..... II""'W""'~I-" ,,,..... ,0117 ... _. Ilwo.,"J~l_ R. .. .-J 
(\ ....... ~. (\0,,,,,," n 

EVER\, MAN FOR HIMSELF THREE BROTHER 
I~_ h_, r-.. ..... "' ..... Lt ~ ..... J 1"tI1 tw. 1 ..... orJ~'"',.' K 

(kt ......... II N.._a- I 
STAVI KY 

".4',- I .. ~", ...... ~ . 
...... _ ... 1' 

7: 10 p .m., Tu6da,. ni.h ... Mande",illc! AuJitonum 
G.A. SS.OO, St . ~r. Ciritt!n $3.00 

Dr. DIAN POSSEY 
"The Life and the Threata to the 
Survival of the .Mountain 

GoriUa." 
[ft. Fo .. ~ ~an h,,, Itudy and ac. i.e 
con5etVltion 01 the mounuin IIOrilla over 
foun= yean 0&0. under ,Ilt KU idance of ,Ilt la,e 
Dr. Lou .. B. Today. with the total populatIOn of 
mo untltn IOnll. Ie 240, 'hey I re I species that 
may hav. ,he ""Il'C w",ncroon of being boIh 
dJlCOvrrrd and e nlACe Wlthm the Umt cmrury. 

September 29. Thunda,. 
GoA. $5.00. S •. &< Sr. Citi&ena $3.se 

• 
LAURA DEAN DANCERS 

AND MUSICIANS 
laura Dean .. to the so'. what T wyla 'Tharp ..... 
'0 lhe 10' • . H ... work is diltiOlUjshed by .... 
vitality , rt:IOI\aRa , mvent1YrMM and oddly 
en{ranalll. repetive. whirhbl that beocomc.s 
f!C5tat ic tn iu cumulative effectIve-ncR and 

beauty. 
October IS. Sat ...... ,. 

G.A $10.00, St." Sr. Citiaen. $8.00 

• 
QUEEN IDA and THE 

. BONTEMPS 
ZYDECOBAND 

Lik. many Al""rican BI .... andJ ... anlou. QIoem 
lda II .... U-Itnown in Europe. bu. II just be;'" 
diorovered ,ft het own ~. Iydoo:o (from 
• he mnch for 'on.pbnn') muaic is a uniqut 
biend of the muaoc of the CrecW. Biac:k. and 
Cajun communities an louUiaN. 1M mIMic iI 
JOY"" and '''''1fIIy .... th a diotincti.., " .... boo •. 

October 16, SuDda,..1!<lO p.m. 
ae .... Ue Cafeteria 

GoA. $S.OO. Sr . .. Sr. Citiae"" $3.00 

• 

ANDERSON'S ILLUSIONS 
8turilll Harry Anderson 

Ma&1clanl comedtanl nape .rriltl con .. man 
Harry AnderlOn _urn, '0 UCSD with a whol. 
.- carprt b .. of trick. and 1UrpnIeI. A ...... ,. 
rt(lUlar on SaN,day Nil'" L, .... and C'-rs. he'" 
ha .... hll own TV .how m January 1964. One of 
the moot orlc,nal and entl'rla,ni ... prtoonaJirl .. 

around today. 
Ouober 22. Saturda, 

G.A.I6.00 

• 

THE ACTING COMPANY 
in 

The Cradle Will Rock 
directed by John Howeman 

The ""lebrated re1'"11i ... of.he I...,ndary " 1.boI 
opera" or",mally preoen'ed by the WPA Federal 
Project (Ho_man. Onon Welb. Howard de 
Sil ... leon R.-nrhal). In def"",,,,, of F.deral 

aUlhori,ies.onc hoc June n ..... In 1937. 
Nov_bet 9. Wectn.d.,. 

G.A. $11.00. St." Sr. adle ... $9.00 
• 

KLEZMORIM 
A joyful enaembi. tha, bi..... true ethnic 
.. adition with the .. rly Jazz Aae '0 cr .... alOUnd 
unriyaled tn ttl rhvthm.. pa'lion and 
•• nder-.. Thi. ai. member cnaemhl. has 
"",rked • _ion-wide revival of ,he 10 .... 
(o....,.",n Yiddloh kletmor m .. ic of .he eorly 

T _n.1dh Cen'ury. 
No ...... 10. Th......" 

GoA. $10.00 

UCSD Chamber Music Series 

Guarneri triog 
Quanel 

\Jon-Inl,,·, 19. !-JJturJa~ 

Sa rtok S tri"K 
Quarret 
M:I.,u.l r~ 4. ~IIJ ,J'I)-

Purcell &-lIIte t 
M ,I~ lti, "nJJY 

Gabricli Strine 
Quarr'l 

Man.h }, ~.l1urJ'IV 

Beaux Arh Trio 
Apn l . , W .. ·Jn'''ltJ:tv 

Scril.~ rickel a~ .~.OO 
SlnRle tkl"" .. arll"ani lable af'l'r N."". '4 at $12 .00 

JOFFERY II DANCERS 
The Joffrey n Daneen btl,.. .he IJIIP ""'-
advanced ballet .Nden .. and fully profftlional 
danc.... u a raul. of the philooophy that 
performlnce ("xprrimce iI tNennal.so da~ 

troini .... 
"The boo ....... 11 CfalllC bollet company in me 

country." Clive Bot ...... New York Times 
Nov_bet 18, Thundal' 

G.A. $11 .00. Sr. &< Sr. CI_ ... $9.00 

• 

LAR LUBOVITCH 
DANCE COMPANY 

Lor LuOOvitch ', dancal • ....,p .he ... with 
Itrone. relenrless waves o( ene-rlYi hll com~nv 

~forrnlnCH arr heady e:xp.:!'lC'ncn ~ted 
With a kind of earthy. vaacenl ecRUy . Their 
appra"na here In 1981 wu me htchltch. of our 

......... 

J-uary 11. FridoI,. 
GoA. $10.00, Sc. .. Sr. Citiae ... $8.00 

• 
CHINESE MAGIC 

CIRCUS 
The Chi_ M.,.;c Cire .. of Taiwan is pocked 
with ..... donal acrob.rlco. breachtolti ... mock. 
comedy. bolanc:i.... K ..... -Fu and a rroupe of 
.umpluoully co.tumed "rll performlnl 

exqulok. tnditionol danca. 
J-uary 18, W.........,. 

G.A. $10.00. Sc. .. Sr. CIdoeao "'00 
• 

PRESERVATION HALL 
JAZZ BAND 

Neov Orl..... jaa ",,'. Dixidand. not funny 
mUllC, not writtal mUlic; iI'. mUlic from the 
IOUb of men who have cr .. red a mualcal tradrtlon 
in their own lifetimes. It·, mUlic performed by 
the urn. musiciaN who ...... playi ... k 0_ flfty 
yean "I" and who are now -... me heri'-Oft 

[0 .heir .ruden .. at Pr ....... Uon Hall. 
Felwuary IS, W--.-" 

G.A. $10.00, Sr. '" Sr, a ...... $8.00 

• 

SUSAN SONTAG 
Renowned and controveroial. crkk and _yiat 

S ... n Sona, will _ II part ofthe UC San 
Oitllo Speak ... Forum. Topic to be ann<><lllCed. 

April 2. ....... ,. 7&10 __ 
G.A. SS.5O. St . .. Sr. CId.no $3.50 

• 

VINCENT PRICE 
Vincent Pric. will be our ...... for , rwo-day 
r if.ldifnce thu will incl ude- I n eveninll 
performoncc on Thursday. and rwo ca-. (on< 
on Art Hi . tory, ont on Theatre) o n 
Friday. SpKiflc .ubi«a. pIac ... etc. are "ill 

.. n ........ We 'lI k<ep you poored' 
lob,. 1 '" 4. Thu .... ,. .. FrId., 

G.A •• 7.00. Sr ... Sr. CItirena $S.OO 

• 
JAZZ TAP ENSEMBLE 

The J ... Tip En..."bIe is about.he joy of rhy'hm. 
dane. and m .. ic. The ai. .......bers create 
or'linal compooiliOfti drawi ... 'nlplntion from 

tradi.ional jazz and tap dance. 
Wa,6, s..ndory 

G.A. '10.00, St. .. Sr. Cltiaen $8.00 

All performances (except as noted) will be at 8:00 p.m. in 
Mandeville Auditorium. 
~-----------------~-------------------

The Univenity Eventl Office 
pretenu a 

SPECIAL LIMITED OFFER 
for 

UCSD STUDENTS ONLY!!! 
Pre&ent this coupon at the UCSD Box Office and !let 

Two dckeh for the price of one to any University Evenu' presentation. 
Cot.pon rtO( Kood da, of s/tow. umicd No. of I"''''-~' """,lable P<T ewnt. 

One Coupon per stud... ... I . Few more info. <atl: .,2-."9 or ." -of09O. 
Good thru October 21 ONLYI 

8 """,.. Sepi£mber 29, 1983 

A $282 
VALUE!! 

Presented to you by trained VIDAL 
SASSOON graduates featuring the 

finest hair products available. Get on a 
program prescribed to fit your facial 
features, life style, personality. and 

pocket book. 
UMI'I1!D OFFER 

$20 program includes all eleven of the following: 
• 3 FREE wash cut & • FREE hair color 

styles $60 value consultation $10 value 
• FREE Hair reconstruction • 2 FREE bottles of TRI 

$7 value shampoo $8 value 
• 50% OFF Hair Highlighting • FREE Hair Moisturizer 

$60 value Treatment $7 value 
• FREE wash & blow • 50% OFF Henna treatment 

dry $10 value $30 value 
• 50% OFF perm or • FREE Hair Protein 

body wave $55 value Pack $10 value 

1 9 8 3 8 4 

• 50% OFF any color 
change $25 value 

,---Sraning'----. 
Jerry Miller , 

on Ioau lOll I 

Slam"g 
Jeank Seel, 

'----on Ioauion 

2334 Carmel Valley Rd. 
DelMar 

481 .. 8866 

SEA SON 

5 plays for the price of 41 
Students pay as little as $17.00 -

only $3,'40 a play! 

Our Town 
Love's Labour's Lost 

Venice Preserved 
The Playboy of the Western World 

Greek 
Selection in Progress 

Mandell Weiss Center for the Performing Arts 
and the UCSD Theatre 

Call the UCSD Department of Drama at 452·3793 or 
visit the Promotions Office, HL Room .H51 for a 

coPY of your Dramatic Difference brochure! 

lRE DRAMATIc 
DI FFERFNCE 

KOOL Jazz festival at UCSD 
continued from IMlge ~ 
success of this "concept 
program" lead to sold·out 
performances of the Mists in 
the 80s program at the 1982 
San Diego Jazz festival. 

brilliant Brazilian scat 
Singer/pianist Tania Marla. rtow 
residing In rtew York. Marta has 
perfortMd before International 
audiences. becoming a favorite 
with her original brand of LatJn 
jazz. 11I1s performance provides 
UCSD students with an 
exceptional opportunity: the 
chance to see and hear women 
jazz artists. 

Quintet. 
Dave 6rubeck 15 a jazz 

Institution. He has made over 90 
albums since his first record 
back In the early 50s. 

This year. the concept Is 
women jazz artists. Atti.sts of 
the 80s: focus on Women 
features pianist Amlna Claudine 
Myers (replacing Michel 
Petrucclanl). Myers' musical 
roots are In Gospel and Blues. 
She studied at the Association 
for the Advancement of Creative 
Musicians (AACM) In Chicago 
before moving on to rtcw York 
where she has performed with 
all the jazz greats. Mytrs Is 
making her San Diego debut. 

Also on the program Is the 

[ndlng the San Diego KOOL 
Jazz restlval Is Jazz Picnic II. 
containing the running theme 
of jazz traditions. The concert. 
which begins at noon on the 
Revelle South Lawn. features 
pianist Dave 6rubeck and his 
group. VO(:alist Carmen McRae. 
the George Russel rtew York Big 
Hand. and the Harold Land 

Making Its West Coast debut 
Is the George Russel rtew York 
61g Band. one of the best swing 
bands In the country. AI80 
performing Is the Harold Land 
Quintet. Tenor saxophonist 
Land. originally from San Diego. 
Is now based In LA. Tickets are 
the same as for the Saturday 
picnic. $12.50 advance and 
$14.50 at the gate. An unlimited 
amount of $3 student discounts 
are available. ror more 
Information. call UW at 452· 
4090 or the San Diego KOOL 
Jazz festival at 454-3520. SUopbonlst Sonny RoII111s wli pili, at III_deville friday aigbt. 

626 SAN RODOLfO. SOlANA BEACH 
ISenind Hanc¥nanl 481-1464 

756-2992 

r--;-;-jUNE:UPSPECiAi-.-.--; 
I INClUDES: Adjust IIOIves - most cas. new plugs, 5elVice battery. check compression, check 
I cooling system. adjust cCllburotOf. set timing. BY APPOINTMENT. 
I 
I 
I $29 $49 $59 
I DAlSUN, TOYOTA, HONDA YOlVO -. cy\~ DASHER. 
I (MOST MODELS) RAIIIf. RAT, TRIUMPH. MG ALfA - ROMEO •• cy\., 2 - CARS. BMW ... cy\ . 
I 
I 
I 
I 

IMPORT CAR 
REPAIR SPECIALISTS 

: 578 8536 Engine Overhauls, Ring & Valve Jobs. 
\.:

• Brake WeAk, Carb. Overhauls, Clutches . 
555-C Black MountaIn Road COMPlETE SElMCE. .J 
-------------------------------

FREE MONTH'S RENT 
NO MONEY DOWN 

FREE'DELIVERY FREE PICK-UP 
BUDGET 

RENTS 
FURNITURE 

Helps you beat the 
high cost of moving 

with: 
30 DAYS FREE RENT PLUS FREE DELIVERY 
AND PlCK-UP AND NO MONEY DOWN 

WITH THIS N) 
With Every lease. 
large or Small. 
the First 30 Days . 
ARE ON USI Rent 
from Budget and 
We'II deliver In 24 
HOURS. but YOU 
PAY NOTHING 
FOR 30 DAYSI 

KEARNEY MESA 
8807 ClOiremont Meso B~d 

Son Diego. CA 92123 
(6.9) 279-99)1 

fU)GET RENTS 
FURNTURE 

MISSION MY 
1170 W. MOfeno Blvd. 
Son Diego. CA 92110 

(6.9)27~2 

LA MESA 
5276 Baltimore Dr. 

Lo Meso. CA 92401 
(6.9) 465-2770 

Limited time oller good only ot partiCipating Budget Rents Furniture Showrooms. 
Not valid with any other offer. Office rumlture exCluded. 

ThUrsday 
9/29 

'!IX A presents ~ DRAFT lEER from ~ with host 
Russ T. Neilz ~ng ~ concert 

• tickets and T-shIrts. Wheels ~ at 9. 

Friday & Seturdlly 
9/30,10/1 

5uncIey 
10/2 

Monday 
10/3 

Tuesday & Wcdnadey 
10/. & 5 

'fIX presents Translator 
Monday Night Footbal & Johnny Almond 
BIg screen TV • Most drinks $1.25 • 25~ hot dogs 

HEALTH CARE 
.....,.-----

II you·re.- planning a cart't'r in 
Ihf' heahh ("arf' lield. you 
OWf' il 10 yourst'l!lo lind OUI 
ahaul Ihe.- Air Force.-·s Heallh 
Prolessional &holarship 
Progr'dm. 

QUOIlilit'd l l.S. cilizf'n5 can 
rf'leiVt> sc-holarships lor 
mf'dical schoo l. 
Our sc-holarships include.-: 

- TUITION 
-BOOKS 
-UBFEES 

- EQUIPMENT 
RENTliL liND "" 
MONTHLY STIPEND 

FOR DETAILS CONTACT: 

USAF MEDICAL 
RECRUITING OFFICE 

3443 Camino Del Rio South 
Suite 206 

San Diego, Ca. 92108 
or 

call MSgt Jim Dacier collect at 
(619) 293-6204 

SeIItember 29.1983 n,.". 9 



: 

& (::31 ~~ ~ ) ~ ", I 
@ 
@ 

® 
G 
~ 

«KtA9QR soc.)~ .. iHAS-SOt-;-At~lOitij-rH~ Soc.iol.QgV~rr. 
\~\I\TE-S "'00 To -mE:. GRAND ' DPE:~\~C::l of M~tJ~ of TH f.if\ 
II MA:rO~' ~ ' MI~OI~\\ ATtftPtCTiaNS. 

E=')I.~£~\E.JCE:. """,e WiDE: 5Elli.t'i~ of· SGti~1I CeM6e61"'~6 
QLlPl~ by S'IG~lwb uP foR. T~o!lE ':i'REV,E;WE:-D l£lD~) AS u>cl.L PrS 
otlHAS Too NUMf::ADIl~ '\Q ~Ut\OI\\ 'ifOC--=IOO __ ~I;tCM~~!c:c:~~<aOoqf 
~ 
~ 
& 
~ 

~ 
~ 
@ 
G 

~ 

------ - - , CoosuG OUI\. 5C-" - u 
fo~ c...ocW,5~S A\1>Ef\ 1\\~b. AT 

• R C.~ROOM ~E.A.fL 'l Du. (~ 
• i o 

r~ ( 0 
v (~ 
(~, 1IJ&ii .... ~...;...o..J~ .... ---1 ~ _--~=~==~-~::: t'\~n\ /5'(M~OL/socie.t'( ttl, (~ • ~J l~' 
Y ALL StuDr::~TS WILL Bf::: Fi® aJT UlttAT l~ A\lIUL~LE.. CD'-lSut:r l'bUlL (d, G ADN'I1'€: D wi1ttllLJI t'PIl\£N1 Sc.H~DU\£ Of ~E;S oft CD~ UI~ .. t~. ule::~ ~T MU'" c..o.lJ.LU't: e 
~ - 7 t1I F Lmt.:. 1-\ 0 /VICN Iii ~5 I S Dc.. ~(J c.~ eLDI'::I • ~ 

~ & (j) (0 ® (t-1) (OJ (11 C0 ~ @) @ ~ (~' (!. CtJ (~ @ (! C? G (3 CE c~ I...P ( iJ~ 

Welcome from 
Parkin • Transit Systems 

I --------------------------------~---------------------. 

GlacePenod 

I 
I 
I 

Students may park in YELLOW STRIPED spaces !rom 
Seplember 19th. 1983 through September 30th. 1983. 
without a parking permit. In addition. students who own 
motorcycles or molorized bicycles may park their cycles 
without a parking perrrut in designated "Molorcycle 
Areas" during lhe grace period. All spaces nol marked in 
yellow or designaled lor motorcycles only a re 011 Jimjts 
(i e . handicapped, reserved, UC Vehicle. "A"-red. "B"-
green) El1ective Monday. October 3rd. 1983. all vehicles. 
motorcycles. and moloriz'ed bicycles parked anywhere 
on UCSD property must have a valid pennlt p roperly 
chsplayed I 

Parll:1ng Perm1tl 
Student "S" parking pennlts are on sale at Ihe Central 

Cashiers' Olice lor 567 SO. Laminaled Dashboard permils 
are available 10 lhose who have more than one car 
Laminaled Carpool permils will only be issued to those 
who carpool Motorcycle/ Molorized Bicycle "M" parking 
perrruts oost S36 00 and are also on sale at the Cenlral 
Cashiers' Office Both types 01 pennlls are valid through 
June 30th. 1984 Vehicle iIlIorrnalion IS needed to apply 
lor any type 01 pemut. 

New "Opec! hgulation 
A new parking regulat ion regarding molorized 

bicycles (mopeds) went Into el1ect July 1st. 1983. 
motonzed bicycles a re required to display a Valid UCSD 
Motorcycle/Molorized Bicycle ("M") parking permil 
when parked on UCSD property (except aI Coast or Mesa 
Apar1ments). Molomed bicycles are restncted toparkJng 
in designaled motorcycle parkJng areas with the . M " 
perrrut 

OWe:. Location. Hours 
f\]rkJng 8< Transll Systems is located on Warren 

Campus Bwlding 400 (directly behind the Central 
cashiers' Olllce) {.Jur hours are 730 am 10 1230 pm . 
and t 00 P m to 4 30 pm . Monday through Friday II you 
have any questions aboul park.lllg or are Interested In 
ndeshanng. stop by or give us a calion extension 4223 or 
452-4223 

10 fflatus September 29, J 983 

~ - .... --
,'? . l../,. \ 

!~ \ 1\, D _ -T~ 
./' .:Jii,)\ 

\ 
l} r,;\ \ 
,~h- J : \ 

. T -/ 
, \:J 'r~ 0 
I 
\ 

I 

\ 

I 
t 

'8 . , 
'J . C/_-J 

Jleduced-PM ParIl:1ng Area 
Seventy-eight parkJng spaces along I he northern hall 01 

John Hopldns Dnve have been set aside again this year as 
a remote. reduced-lee parkJng area The "S-Remole" 
parlong pemuts lor 1 his area may only be purchased Irom 
Parking 8< Transll Systems ?ennlts are sold on a Ilrsl-come. 
firsl-served basis lor 545 00 These penruts are valid 
through June 30th. 1984, and are restr1cted 10 lhe rem ote 
area Vehicles with .o S-Remote" permlts will be 
guaranleed spaces In this area. permils will not be 
oversold 

.... " pal ....... 
Free lnIelXlCDllplS bus permits are ava1IabIe at the 

Iollowtng IooaItons: ') Ptu1cIng at TransIt Systems' Office. 2) 
Relldenlial Apcutmanll' 0IIIce at Mesa. or 3) ScrIpp 
AdmInIIhaUve Office. Scrtpps BuI1dIng. Room 104. Proof oj 
UCSD affWatlon Is requ1red to receive these pennJIs. These 
permits eooble UCSD studenl& lacully. and stall 10 ride 
tree (on San Diego Transit buses only) wtIhIn lhe UCSD 
Campus boundari81. incJucl1ng SlO. and Indudlng the La 
Jolla Village Square ~pplng Center and the urc 
Shopping Center (on Genesaee as lar south CD the Decoro 
Street bus stop). . 

There are several bus routes that serve UCSD. Schedules 
and roule maps are available Irom f\]rldng & Transit 
Syslems, the librartes. and the Studenl Center. Monthly bus 
passes lor San Diego Transil and North County Transtt are 
sold al the Cenlral Cashiers' Ottice. 

CGrpoola/VcmpoaII 
Carpool with someone and spllilhe cost 01 parking and 

gasoline! The f\]rking &: Transit Systems' Oll1ce can help 
you lind someone to carpool wUh. jusl stop by the ofUce 
and till oul an appllcatlon Iorm. Shortly lhereatteryou will 
receive a list 01 oIher students In your neighborhood who 
would also like 10 carpooJlo UCSD. 

Vanpools otter a dilterent typeolllrsl-clOll. cost-ell1dent 
lravell UCSD currently has 13 vanpools in operation Irom 
as lar as Ramona and EscondIdo. and CD near as 
Enctnllas and Mira Mesa. In general. the vanpools arrtve 
at UCSD by 8 a.m. and leave at 4:30 p.m. since most ollhe 
vanpoolers are UCSD employees who work those hours. 
Those 01 you who conunute a long dlstance mighl wanl to 
consider this as an alternative to driving and parking at 
UCSD Contad the f\]rking 8< Transit Systems' OIIIce lor 
more inlo rmation 

CltaUolli 
Enlorcement is handled through lhe Campus Police 

Department. Building 500. Warren Campus. extension 
4356 or 452-4356 

f:ddie ~ The Cruisers 
CODtiDIIed from page l 
production with the photo-
grapher Richard felber. 
[yeryone was out scouting 
locations. so I volunteered to 
direct the shooting. 

strong ending wIth the voice-
over: The Innocence of the 50s 
was over and so was rock 'n roll 
as we knew It 

tongue. I thought I was 
acquiring supernatural powers. 
Weill I must bury my 
ImagInation and my memorlesl 
An artist's and storyteller'S 
precious fame nung away! 

very severe, 
"for' can say that victory is 

won : the gnashing of teeth, the 
hissing of fire. the pestilential 
sighs are abating, All the 
noisome memories are fading. 
My last regrets take to their 
heels. envy of beggars. brigands. 
of death's friends. of the 
backward of all kinds. 0 damned 
ones. what If I avenged rnyselfl 

Flute recital 
this week 

flutist Lynn Becker's Master 
recital Wednesday at B pm In the 
Mandeville Recital Hall 
promises variety not only In 
music but also In a creative 
environment suggested by 
Becker's own paintings. Something special happened. 

maybe because It was our first 
day together. The photographs 
had something compelling 
about them that sU~ with us 
throughout the filmIng. 

We were entering a new age. 
An age of confusion. of passion. 
of commitment. ~Ie Wilson 
saw It coming. 

'" who called myself angel or 
seer, exempt trom all morality, I 
am returned to the soli with a 
duty to seek and rough reality to 
embracel 

Many rock 'n roll artists were 
like fAldle. Rlrnbaud's final 
words In "A Season In Hell" 
seem to be a fttting tribute to 
those who dared to take the 
risk: 

"Am I mistaken? Would 
charity be the sister of death for 
me? 

"One must be absolutely 
modem. 

""0 hymMI Hold the ground 
gained. Arduous nlghtl The 
dried blood smokes on my face. 
and I have nothing behInd me 
but that horrible bushl Spiritual 
combat Is as brutal as the battle 
of men." 

Assisted by Rose Marla 
Scozzaro. plano. and Meryl 
Hendershott. harpsichord, the 
ftutist will perform Sonau in Jj 
minor. by Baeb. the Hlndemlth 
SoIUt& Le Merle /Yo;r by 
Messiaen. Honeggar's Le Danse 
du Chevre and ChataCt.er Pieces 
by Rousseau. The concert Is free 
and open to the public. 

So when we began the editing 
of the movie. we just could not 
forget those Images. We ftIt the 
photos would create a very 

"At last. I shall ask 
forgiveness for having fed on 
lies. And now let's go. But no 
friendly Iw1dl And where tum 
for helpl -"I tried to Invent new flowers. 

new stars. new ftesh. a new "Yes, the new hour Is at leaS 

~~~AnENTION~~~ 
Asian/Pacific. Black. Chicano. 
Native American. and Women 

Junior • Senior Students: 
Would you like to work with a faculty 

member In your major department. 
establish a mentor relationship, and 
perform research? If so, why not attend our 
Informational meeting and find out more 
about the Faculty Mentor Programl 

The meeting Is scheduled for Friday, 
October 7, 1983 at 12:00 p.m. In the North 
Conference Room (Student Center). Please 
join us. For more Information please call 
extension 6708. 

ASUCSDsn ••• 

FecItudDg CreaIcr cmd I'IocluceI 
GENE RODDENBEIRY' 

Amedca'i rcmmte 
Science P1dIon Progrwn 

A F1lm/Lecture Concert. with the famous STAR TREK 
"Blooper Reel" The Hugo Award-wtnn1ng onginal 
pilot for STAR TREK. "The cage." starring Jeffrey 
Hunter. and a special backstage feature on the 
making of STAR TREK: TIlE MOTION PICI'URE. 

OCIoJ)er 6 
7:00 pm. 

Ucmc1nt11e Auditodum 
$3 ItudeDll, $5 ;e-= cntmtptoll 

r---7------------
BACKPACKS 

$15.95 
regularly S23.1u 

• 5 YEAR GUARANTEE. 
with this coupon only 

OfFER EXPIRES OCTOBER 15 

factory-Direct Prices 
on 

• Backpacks 
• Briefcases 

SANDPIPER • Sport Duffles 

7 

1261 Prospecl St .. Suite B, La Jolla. CA 92037 (819) 459-0788 

1. State-of-the-art R&D environment 
2. DataCom and Local Area Networking 
3. Protocol Development 
4. Artificial Intelligence 
5. Distributed Data Management Systems 
6. Systems Security 
7. Microprocessor Program Development 
SOC offen continuing growth oriented opportunities 
end one of the best compensation and benefits pro-
grams in the industry. including a generous vllCation 
and educational assistance .,..... . Start your career 
with al8llderl Interview on campus with SOC. 
If unable to see us on CMlPUS. pie .. send resume to: 
SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION 
2500 Colorado Ave .• Santa Monica. CA 90406 
EquIIl Opportunitv Emplov .. M/F 

BD 
System Development Corporation 

A Burroughs Company 
September 29. 198J nt.tu 11 



12 nlMu September 29, 1983 


