
Life Flight 

... 

Life Flight has become a fIXture of the UC Medical 
Center Trauma Unit, but three yea~ after its 
inception the airborne rescue service stiU draws 
criticism. New evidence that it can drastically reduce 
deaths, however, may silence the critics for good. 

See cover story on page 7. 



The position of srudent lobby director IS 
now all3i1able beginningjan. 2, 1984. The 
director, who earns from 1,500 to 1,700 
per month, is responsible for the overaU 
operation and management ofUC Student 
Lobby. He also reports and is responsble to 
the UC Student Body President's Council. 
The Lobby Director must be prepared to 
help build and strengthen links between 
the SBPC Student Lobby and aU of the 
University of California campus student 
bodies. In addition , the director must be' 
willing to move to the Sacramento area, 
and be able to travel to all UC campuses 
and att~nd SBPC monthly meetings and 
other activities. Demonstrated skills in 
office management and basic budget 
procedures are a must. The one year 
contraC[ is subject to renewal. Application 
information is available at the Student 
Body President's Council, c/o Samantha 
Ge1rud (chair of the Search Committee), 
244 Millberry Union, San Francisco, CA 
941 43 or at (4 15) 666-2233. 

• 
I 

Dr. Michael P. Monteon, associate 
professor of hiStory at UCSD, has been 
named a Hoover Scholar, Class of 1983, 
by the Herben Hoover Presidential 
Library AsSOCiation. The award IS a 
result of Monteon's research, Herbert 
HO(]ller and Ine Economic Dependence of 
Lalln America Dunng the Great 
DepreSSion. 

• 
The Pacific Region's Third Annual 

-Fish for the Future Barbeque, 
sponsored by the National Coalition for 
Marine Conservation, will be held 
Saturday, Nov. 19, at 5:00 pm in Sea 
World's Nautilus pavillion. The event 
suppOrtS Hubbs-Sea World Research 
'Institute's white sea bass enhancement 
project. Ticket pri ce IS $15 in advance 
and $20 at the door and includes a 
"Shamu Show," tours of the New 
Penguin Encounter and the shark 
exhibit as well as a barbecued fish 
dinner. Call 233-1337 for information. 

Deja Vu ... 
1969 ... 

Ralph Nader, national ombudsman for 
consumer affairs , spoke here Thursday 
on the lawlessness and corruption 
which is characteristic of American 
lI1dustry. As Nader spoke to the crowd 
of 500, it was apparent that he viewed 
the university as both a cause of the 
problem and as a force for its solution. 
He noted that universities seem to 
measure the importance of a subject by 
ItS "abstraction level : which is the 
degree to which a diScipline IS removed 
from reality. Thus law students study 
driver liability without ever discussi ng 
car safery, and engineering students 
study construction without ever 
considering the automobile. 
1970 ... 

As a result of his long-time 
participation 111 one role or another in 
the nuclear arms race, UCSD Chancellor 
Herbert York has written a book, Race to 
Oblivion: A Par1iClpant's Vkw of the Arms 
Race, wh ich has recently been 
published . Following his first few years 
in Washington, during which he said 
he "tried to make sense" of a changing 
situation, York became one of the arms 
race's and notably the anti -baUistic 
miSSile's most consistent critics. York 
sees the best solution to the arms race 
as being joint disannament through 
negotiations by the major world powers. 
1974 ... 

Hey, does anyone remember the 
Slxlles? You know, the Beatles, long 

Dr. Stanley Miller, professor of 
chemistry at UCSD, was named to 
receive the 1983 Oparin Medal by the 
International Society for the Study of the 
Origin of Life. A.1. Oparin , a Russian 
SCIentist, suggested in the 1920's what 
the conditions were on primitive eanh 
that permitted the fonnation of the first 
chemicals necessary for the 
development of living cells. As a 
graduare student at the University of 
Chicago, Miller tested Oparin's theories 
in 1953-54 and verified that what 
Oparin suggested was actually going on 
in primitive eanh. 

• 

Today, from 6 am to 6 pm, a legal 
Women's Peace Camp, sponsored by 
the Women's International League for 
Peace and Freedom, is taking place 
outside the General Dynamics Convair 
Plant in Kearny Mesa. The one day 
camp is in support of effons to stop the 
deployment of Cruise and Pershing II 
missiles in NATO countries late this 
year. The plant was chosen for the 
location of the Peace Camp, because It 
IS the production site for Cruise misstles 
and Launche. The League's goal is to 
draw attention to the role San Diego 
plays in the global anns race. 

• 
A San Diego corporate team ot 

ed ucational expens has been 
designated to develop and implement a 
two year, two pronged, US funded 
program to upgrade the academic skills 
of black South African high school 
srudents and their teachers. The 
Consulting Group, Inc. of San Diego has 
just received a $1 ,861,738 contract from 
the United States Agency for 
International Development to conduct a 
community based program outside the 
South African state school system to 
assist high school level students In 
improving their coUege entry 
qualifications in English. mathematics, 
physics and chemistry. 

hair, drugs, Vietnam , Kent State 
Massacre. No? I didn't think so, It is 
imperative that we seriously consider 
where we have been and where we are 
going. The "we" is intentionaUy left 
vague; the reader may fill in the blank. 
The early Sixties saw the emergence of a 
radical state of mind . The peace 
movement (or more specifically non-
movement) was marked by a powerful 
and pervasive sense of freedom . We 
were challenged by our seeming destiny 
to explore the ve ry outer Ii mits of our 
world . The war is over, hurrah . Now 
what? Now we have new hairstyles, 
turqUOise jewelry and designer 
everythi ng. It is almost as if the Sixties 
never happened . There is little 
essentiaUy dilTerent now in the decade 
following the Sixties than the decade 
preceding the Sixties. 
1977. .. 

On Friday night I had the privilege of 
hearing one of the most dynamiC Black 
men speak. For close to two hours Dick 
Gregory overwhelmed my thoughts and 
conVIClions. As Mr. Gregory began to 
wa nn up a bit, a unique lecturer and 
comedian emerged. The humor became 
more political in subject matter. An Idea 
expressed by Gregory that I found most 
be neficial and valuable WJS the need for 
youths in our American colleges to 
unite. Gregory rema rked. -You young 
peoplc have a lot of work to do if you 
plan on constructing" liv,lble future ." 

- Christopher Canale 

AS Forum 
At noon , Friday, October 20, the votes were tabulated , and the Coors Boycott 

Issue was finaRy laid to rest after more than three weeks of debate. Ken 
Davenpon, commissioner of student welfare, cast his affirmative vote just half 
an hour before the baUOI box was to be sealed, thus creating the two-thuds 
majority needed to repeal the ASUCSD Coors Boycott. The Associated Students 
have been boycotting Coors for the last three years because of aUeged 
discrimination against minorities and women and inhumane policies. Asked 
about the pressure of havmg the deciding vote Davenpon replied, "It's a ternbly 
complex issue .. .. I firmly believe a referendum should be repealed by a 
referendum. But that's something out of my control. What is under my control by 
casting this vote is to make a value decision for myself on what I feel the students 
at this school need and want." 

Student "wants' were put to a referendum three years ago, and although only 
25% of the student body bothered to vote, the majority decided a boycott of Coors 
was needed. Yet the overaD feelings of those council members who supported 
repealing the boycott was to represent what has been an apathetiC student body 
regardless of their personal feelings about the cause. "I felt that we should uphold 
the boycott, because I read a lot of literature , and it seemed like big busi~ss was 
just on the top and unions were the underdogs and getting pushed out," said 
ReveRe Representative Audrey Thompson. "But I talked to more than 20 of my 
constituents and more than three-quaners of them wanted Coors on campus. 
And that's what I'm here for." 

Other councilmembers believed that it is not the place of the ASUCSD to take 
an active role in the realm of big business. "I personally feel it's inappropriate for 
the AS as an organization to take a stand on a corporate, free enterprise issue," 
said Student Lobby Annex Director Jeff Myers. -It's like telling corporations how 
to run themselves. And I don'tthink that is what students had in mind when they 
set up the AS." However, David Sickler, leader of the AFL-CiO boycott and an ex-
Coors employee, believes that the universities have in the past and should 
continue in the future to play an integral role as educators and actors in society. 

[David Sicklerl works for the AFL-
ClO, the largesr labor organization 
tn the counuy. And it behooves 
them to have a b~ry that is not 
union to be union. And that's the 
issue," said Meadows. "If you 
support that we should union, then 
you should vote to boycott us. If you 
think it's up to individuals to decide, 
then you should vote to let the 
individuals to decide that: In 
rebuttal , Sickler would not aUow for 
that narrow of a scope in his 
assessment of the boycott . 
Elaborati ng on the allegations that 
Coors actively discriminates against 
minorities and suppon.~ 

"If it had not been for the university I 
would not have gotten Involved m 
the movement against Vietnam; I 
would not have gotten Involved m 
the movement in favor of civil 
rights ," said Sickler speaking before 
the Council on Wednesday night. "It 
was the university and it was 
students, it was people with 
principles and gutS to take a 
position." 

Presenting the case that the 
boycott is not a discrimination or 
inhumane treatment issue but 
strictly a labor issue was Coors 
spokesman John Meadows. "He 

the john Birch Society and other "anti -people" groups, Mr. Sickler brought 
national politics into the arena of debate. "The last tlme Jesse Helms ran for 
election, he was supported by thousands and thousands of dollars of 
contribwions from Coors," stated Mr. Sickler. "And just this week Jesse Helms has 
been standing on the senate floor caUing Manin Luther King a Communist." 

The discrimination issue was addressed by Programming Commissioner Greg 
Hemperly and External Affairs Commissioner Lisa Stenmark, who along with 
President Craig Lee were invited to Golden , Colorado, expenses paid, to inspect 
the facilities and discuss company policies with Coors workers. -We talked to a 
black woman driving a fork lift I mean a low level employee. She thought they 
paid well; she liked the benefits," said Hemperly. -Her only complaints were that 
possibly there's not as many minorities in management as there should be. But 
according to the EEOC, Coors is on the leve!." Stenmark had a different 
recollection of that discussion in the Colorado brewery. "They did stop a black 
woman. We were walking along and Greg Hemperly said, 'There's a black woman 
- we got to go talk to her,- recounted Stenmark. -And the woman said, 'I knew 
this guy who was promoted to supervisor, demoted, promoted and demoted 
again. He was black an\i he is suing Coors now for discrimination.'" 

Contrasting -facts" and opinions have characterized the whole Coors Boycott 
issue from the stan. The 60 Minules segment which portrayed Coors as 
concemed and more than fair in their treatment of workers, coupled with john 
Meadow's defense of the Coors brewery, conflicted directly With David Sickler's 
conception of Coors praclices. Mr. Sickler's presentation outlined a Coors history 
which includes 19 busted strikes and documentations of affidavits swearing to 
di scrimination by Coors. The disparate arguments left most councilmembers 
w nfused as to the true practices at Coors and cloudy about the social 
Implications intrinsic to the boycott. -I do think some members of the Council 
may have been unWilling to make the Sllcrifice to try to understand the issues that 
arc important to themselves, their moral Ilber, what they think IS right and 
wrong," said Ken Davenport. -I feel maybe a lot of people were quick to vote and 
did not sit down to thmk what the greater Issues were." 

Newrtheless, the AS Coundl h,IS made the dedsion to repeal the Coors 
boycott after more than three weeks of hard special interest lobbying by aU sides. 
Yet rumors of allowmg students to once again VOlt' on the Coors boycou issue by 
referendum have alre<1dy surf<lced . 

- Stewn R. Friedman 

To Russia with Love; UCSD 
Students Cruise the Kremlin' 
By MICHAEL PARTOS 

Flew in from Miami Beach, 8.o.AC., 
didn 'l $eI 10 btd last night. On the way the 
paper bag was on my knte, man 1 had a 
dreadful flight. I'm back in the USSR, you 
don 't know how lucky you aJ'l boy, bach in 
Ihe USSR. 

Johnlennon, Paul McCartney 

This winter UCSD students and 
faculty will have a chance to visit the 
Soviet Union in a trip led by Professor 
jennifer Burckeu-Evans of the Spanish 
and Portuguese Depanmem at San 
Diego State Universiry. The trip's co-
leader will be Professor A1beno Ochoa of 
SDSU's Multicultural Education 
Department. 

While no knowledge of Russian or 
any other Soviet language is required , a 
major emphasiS of the trip will be on 
linguistic education. The students will 
visit various secondary schools, 
universities and teacher education 
programs where English is taught. They 
will study some of the techniques used 
in teaching English as weD as Soviet 
languages. 

There are more than 130 languages 
spoken in the Soviet Union's 15 
national republics (e .g., Russia , Georgia 
and Ukraine). Most Soviets speak at 
least twO languages, the language of the 
province in which they live and 
Russian . 

While the purpose of the trip goes far 
beyond sightseeing, the group members 
will get a chance to visit many poims of 
interest. The first six days will be spent 
in Moscow, and then the students will 
fly ro Tbilisi , the capital of the Georgia 
republic, for a four day stay. From 
Tbilisi , t= will ~ an OYemi8h' 
train to · - :~~wiIT 
three days. Pfna~, -me illS! four days 
will be spent in Leningrad 

According to Professor Burckett-
Evans, -This kind of a trip would be 
interesting [or anyone who's interested 
In getting to know the Soviet Union 
better. We'll be having a lot of meetings 
with people; it won't be just a lot of 
museums. It will actuaDy be visiting 
schools, visiting classes, visiting 
universities, talking with teachers, 
talking with students .... You will be able 
to see how the Soviet Union operates." 

College credit is available for those 
taking the trip through the Multicultural 

Education Department at San Diego 
State. The Depanment will grant one to 
three semester units for the study tour. 

Panicipants will be briefed prior to 
departure with a phrase list and other 
needed data. Several of the people in 
the group will be bilingual (Russian-
English), so communication should not 
be a problem. 

In addition to "meeting the people," 

THE 
WOODROW WILSON SCHOOL 

of Public and International 
Affairs 

Princeton University 
Graduate Education for Careers 

in Public Affairs 
International Relations 
Development Studies 
Urban Affairs and Domestic Policies 
Economics and Public Policy 
Urban and Regional Planning 

Presentation and question-and-answer sessions will be held 
a with Woodrow Wilson School representative. 

DATE: Friday, October 28, 1983 
TIME: 2:00 to 3:30 p.m. 
PLACE: (Call Career Planning Office) 

group panicipants will get a chance to 
experience events such as the baDet, the 
circus and museums. Professor Burckett-
Evans is an authoriry on second 
language acquiSition and foreign 
language teaching methods. It wiD be 
'her fifth trip to the Soviet Union in 
many years, so, as she putS it, "I've gOt 
contacts." 

The trip is being organized through 

With the Latest Education 
from Sasson, Sebastion, & 

Toni & Guy .. , 
Let Us Design 

A Style For 
YOU I 

Ask tor 
Michael. Marlo or Julie 
We also speak French & Spanish 
First nme ustomers 
Women .. ,S15,OO (Reg. S25.oo) 
Men .. ,S12.00 (Reg. S2O.oo) 

the Citizen's Exchange Counsel, a New 
York based organization. It is planned 
for january. 1984, and will cost 
approximately $1969 from San Diego or 
$1679 from New York. 

Anyone interested in taking' part in 
this unique learning experience should 
caD Professor Burckett-Evans at 265-
6085 in the morning or 287-2144 in the 
aftemoon and evening. 

FREE 
CONSULTATIONS 

452-5620 
Call for Appointment 

3251 Holiday Court Suite 201 (~St. Germaine's) 



Editorial 
/' 

Life Flight: A financial burden that 
will become a necessity as the city grows 

Life Flighr's airborne ambulance/trauma care seIVice has stirred 
up a great deal of controversy since its conception in 1980. Critics 
charge that it is not needed and that it will cause the cost of 
emergency care to increase unnecessarily. These arguments would 
be cold comfon, however, to a person whose life depended on 
immediate care if that care were unvailable. More important, as 
San Diego becomes more heavily populated, more spread ·out and 
more congested, life Flight will prove to be a simple necessity. 

The first civilian airborne trauma care program was staned in 
Colorado to cope with that state's rugged terrain, allowing medics 
to speed victims to the hospital in drastically less time than it 
would have taken on the ground. San Diego may not have to deal 
with snow-capped mountain peaks and deep gorges, but growth 
will bring with it the man-made impediments of traffic congestion 
and urban sprawl that necessitate the implementation of a program 
like life Flight. 

One of the mixed bleSSings that the service has bestowed on 
San Diego is the improvement in trauma facilities as various 
hospitals vie for a piece of the profitable life Flight pie. These 
improved facilities ensure proper care for more San Diegans, but 
they also raise the cost of that care. If life Flight continues to 
prosper, the· future should prove this cost increase ro be a wise 
investment. 

Life Flight is the brainchild of Dr. William Baxt, and a study he 
completed recently indicates that the service increases the survival 
rate of the critically injured by 52 percent. Since 55 hospitals 
across the nation use a helicopter as pan of their trauma care 
program, the total number of people who owe their lives to this 
type of seIVice is staggering. 

This ability to save lives is more than a bright spot for 
helicopters, however. Trauma is the third greatest cause of death 
among Americans, the leading cause of death among those 
between the ages of one year and 35 years old. If the death rate 
from trauma can be cut by 52 percent or even a fraction of that, it 

Yuri's Sovietspeak 
By THOMAS RANKIN 

These are dark times. Strange times. 
Iranian kamikaze rruck drivers kill 
French and American troops near the 
Beirut airport. American workers get 
wasted and til' (without success, 
apparently) to build a nuclear power 
plant. Women np up old sweatshirts 
and parade them th rough the streets of 
·La Jolla and Beverly Hills. And Colonel 
Qaddafi slowly builds an empire in the 
shrieking heartland of North Africa. 

When my mood is black, and the foul 
winds of winter rush through the 
tOwering eucalyptus. there IS only one 
thing that can bring a smile to my face. 
National Lampoon WIll not eitch even a 
snicker at times like this, but there is a 
secret source of humor so black, so 
profoundly absurd, that it can bring 
tears of hilarity at the most miserable 
hour. It comes to members of the medIa 
counesy of TASS, and it is called News 
and Views from the USSR. 

I ran one of these gems some time 
back, but. to my utter horror, it did not 
inspire a response from Guardian 
readers , so I've kept it all to myself. 
Until now. 

What follows is a "STATEMENT BY 
YURIANDRO~V, GENERAL 
SECRETARY OF THE CENTRAL 
COMMITTEE OF THE COMMUNIST 
PARTY OF THE SOVIEl UNION AND 
PRESIDENT OF THE PRESIDIUM OF 
THE USSR SUPREME SOVIET." 

This statement was released 
September 28th, but the GuardraIl did 
not rcelve it until October 20th . qlUnesy 
of of the vigorous Soviet postal service 
and the vIgorous Soviet translators. No 

matter. These views are pretty much 
timeless. 

BasicaUy, Andropov blames the 
shooting down of Right 007 on the 
United States and offers words of 
encouragement to European protesters 
of the Minuteman and Cruise missles. 
The full text is boring and repetitive 
(and four pages long), so I will sti ck to 
the interesting bits and pieces. All of 
Andropov's statements appear inside 
quotation marks, while my comments 
appear normally. 

• 
"The American military presence is 

expanded under all SOrtS of invented 
pretexts thousands of kilometers from 
US territory. As a result , tensions have 
grown all over the world - in Europe, 
Asia, Africa, the Middle East and Central 
America." • 

Ah, yes, those silly invented pretexts, 
like Soviet-armed rebels in EI Salvador, 
Soviet-armed Libyans, and the Soviet 
invasion of Afghanistan. 

"Other NATO counmes are 
'increasingly more involved in the 
implementation of these dangerous 
plans of Washington ." 

I suppose thiS means the French as 
they come under fire in Chad by Sovlet-
made weapons. 

"Moreover. effons are made to revive 
Japanese miittarism and attach It to the 
bloc'smilitary-political machine. When 
doing so. attempts arc made to compel 
people to forget the lessons of history." 

That viCIOUS Nakasone. hiS country 
has the gaU to turn a prolit. Perhaps It 
would have been better if the US had 
f,)IIC)wfd the path of the WI~ U SR 111 

represents nothing less than a revolutionary breakthrough for the 
well-being of all Americans. 

In any business (and healthcare is, after all , a business) costs 
must be weighed against benefits. Life Flight is only three years 
old, but it has already proved itself to be a valuable tool in saving 
more lives than was previously thought possible. It remains, 
however, a cranky, unwieldy tool in the hands of those unfamiliar 
with its workings. Ironically, it will be the City of San Diego that 
grows up enough to make effective (and cost-effectiv~) use of Life 
Flight, but until then , the service will remain a financial burden, an 
investment in the future. 

The city owes a debt of gratitude to Dr. Baxt, for there is little 
doubt tbat some of those who read this editorial will someday owe 
their lives to Life Flight, and you can't put a dollar sign in front of 
that. 
Eastern Europe and simply annexed 
Japan. 

"The sophisticated provocation, 
masterminded by US special services 
(US what?) with the use of a South 
Korean plane, is also an example of 
extreme adventurism in politiCS. We 
have elucidated the factual aspect of the 
action in a thorough and authentic 
way." 

"It is high time that everybody 
understands that we shall be able to 
ensure the security of our country, the 
security of our friends and aDies under 
any circumstances." 

This is a particularly amusing 
statement because Right 007 entered 
Soviet airspace, crossed the Kamchatka 
peninsula, exited and then reentered 
Soviet airspace before it was finaDy shot 
down over Sakhalin Island. Apparently, 
fighters were scrambled at Kamthatka 
but were unable to locate the giant 747, 
even with the help of radar. Had it 
indeed been an attack, that portion of 
th USSR would now be a smoldering 
wasteland. 

"Now those in Washington also 
violate elementary norms of decency 
along with morality, showing disregard 
nO{ only for sta tesmen and states, but 
also for the United Nations. A question 
arises: Can the international 
organization called upon to maintain 
peace and security remain in a country 
where outrageous militarist psychosis is 
imposed and the good name of the 
organization IS insulted?" 

Okay, let's move the UN to Moscow. 
"But wishes and possibilities are far 

from being the same thing. No one will 
ever be able to reverse the course of 
history. the USSR and other socialist 
countries will live and develop 
according to their laws - laws of the 
most advanced social system." 

Someone should tell Lech Walesa 
about this. 

"One should not look at the world in 
the nuclear age through the narrow 
prism of one's selfish, egoistlc Interests. 
Responsible statesmen have only one 
choice - to do everything pOSSIble to 
prevent a nuclear catastrophe. Any other 
position is shortsighted, even suicidal. 

"The Soviet leadership does not 
hestitate about what line to follow in 
InternatIOnal affaIrs in the present acute 
situation as well. Our course remains 
aImed at preservmg and strengthening 
peace, lessenihg tension , curbing the 
arms race and expanding and ' 
deepening cooper.ltion between states. 
This is the invariable will of the 
Communist Party of the Soviet Union, 
all Soviet people. These are, we are 
convinced, also the aspirations of all 
peoples." 

Except, of course, the people of 
Mghanistan and EI Salvador. 

"The opera non of srationmg these 
'Amerlcan nuclear missiles In Europe IS 

1''''<lIt' '''''' 10 I'''X~ 5 

Editor 
Tim August 

Managing Editor 
Phil Lauder 
Copy Editor 

James Ralph Papp 
Opinion Editor 
Thomas Rankin 

Associarc News Editors 
Mike Greenberg 

Lisa Lapin 
Futures Editor 
Chris Young 
Arts Editor 

Andrew Keeler 
Associate Arts Editor 

John Nee 
Sports Editor 
Jeff Savage 

Photo Editor 
RIch Pecjak 

General Manager 
Chris Milke 

Associarc General Managers 
Linda Lewis 

Valerie McMullin 
Photographers 

Richard Caterina 
Cynthia Cebula 
Rob Friedenthal 
Mark Johnson 

IUustrators 
Garnell Fitz-Henley 

Kathy Morrow 
Typesetters 

Joe Desiderio 
Anggie Lapid 
Phil Lauder 

Andy Laurence 
Chris Osterwalder 

Production 
Hannah Abrams 

Lisa Jones 
Paula Montgomery 

Kelly Neal 
The UCSD Guardian is 

published Mondays and Thursdays 
during the academic year by 
students at UCSD. Reproduction 
or use without permission of any 
ponion of this newspaper is 
strictly prohibited . NO{ responSIble 
for unsolicited manuscripts or art. 

Our office is located southeast 
of the Revelle Provost Office on 
the UCSD campus. The Business 
Office is open from 9 am to noon 
and I pm to 5 pm Monday 
through Friday. 

Subscriptlons Will be maIled for 
$15 per quaner. 

The UCSD Guardian 
UCSD,8-016 

La Jolla, California 92093 
(619) "52-3"66 

Calumnist 

UC-Disneyland inerger would ease 
budget problems, increase enrollment 
By JAMES RALPH PAPP 

During this week just past there has 
been more action on the ue budget 
and how we are going to keep it 
manageable while maintaining the UC 
system as one of the best and large~t 
ulliversmes 111 the WOrld . !:>orne 01 the 
still secret proposals I have become 
privy to (in fact that is whirr I found 
them, cut up in smaD squares after 
Governor Deukmejlan refused an annual 
12 percent increase for toilet paper), 
and I would like to reveal a few of the 
more important suggestions I flushed 
out of the back room comminees. 

• Because the COst of professors' salaries 
keeps going up but (he University 
cannot get the funds to pay them, there 
is a plan under consideration to 'ptit 
lectures on video tape and then let the 
lecturers be recruited away to the private 
universities. New information from 
research can be added to the tapes by 
professional actors, who can be hired 
lor a fraction of the cost of a fuD or 

Disney Corporation. Now that 
Disneyland has adopted the passport 
system, and college provosts wiD not 
have to decide which professors' 
lectures will need only "A" tickets and 
which ones "E," the Senate sees no 
problems in the way of such a jomt 
effon. Disney will improve the 
Umversity's profit-taking stance, 
therefore ending its dependence on 
Governor Deukmejian's administration. 

In UCSD's case, our already eXIsting 
subterranean tunnels can be easily 
converted into rides: and new bumper 
stickers, mugs, hats and Donald Duck 
hats (each campus will be aSSigned an 
official character) with MKSD (Magic 
Kingdom at San Diego) will take little 
time to print up . Organizatlonal 
problems will be eased, with the Regents 
all being chosen from among ex-
Mousketeers. 

Disneyworld will have to be 
relinqUIshed to the growing University 
of Rorida system, with the loss of the 
EpcOt Center, but Space Mountain will 
be designated another lawrence 
Laboratory, with nuclear missles testing 

when the park IS closed. Credits WIll be 
ava ilable in , for instance, American 
history for vismng Main Street and 
sociology for riding on the Small, Small 
World. 

There are fears the new Magic 
Kingdom system. would offer tOO many 
Mickey Mouse courses, but UCLA 
professor emeritus Dr. Fred MacMurray, 
who won a Nobel chemistry prize for 
his invemion of flubber and a peace 
prize for putting it to humanitarian uses, 
denied this. (It was MacMurray's 
conception to recreate all full Nobel, 
MacAnhur and Guggenheim winners 
WIth audlO-animatronics), 

• A more modest mterim plan to sell 
tickets for lectures (sections would be 
included) IS meeting with a good 
reception . This would allow students to 
choose the particular lectures within the 
course t:1ey think most important. . 
Remallllng seats would be offered at 
half·price booths m campus student 
centers and for final matinee and 
evening, seats would be available. 
Students would expected to buy 

even an associate professor, although 
that is not the case for assistant 
professors. The more popular lectures 
will be available for home video systems 
from the Wherehouse (a bener 
entertainment value than enrolling). 
Students' grades wiD, or course, be 
assigned by a California lottery, the 
proceeds of which wiD beneHt the ue 
system as a whole. . 

Yu rina lysis 
A related idea is to create, in addition 

to the categories of comedians, models 
and male and female vocalists, that of 
professor on the newly syndicated Star 
Starch (Saturdays, eh. 51). Any UC 
professor winnng the fmal $100,000 
prize would fQrfeit that year's salary to 
the University and also pay a 10 
percent agent's fee to the Board of 
Regents. A fun her suggestion of having 
the television stations pay UC President 
David Gardner's salary (he would 
replace the prese~t host Ed McMahon) 
might save the University $200,000 a 
year. 

• But many are looking past video to 
more revolutionary concepts. The 
Academic Senate at Berkeley is 
advocating a merger with the UC system 
put forward several months ago by the 

continutd from 'I 
seen from Washington's control room as 
simple in the extreme and maximaDy 
advantageous for the United StateS -
advantageous at the expense of Europe. 
The European allies of the US are 
regarded as hostages. ThIS is a frank QUI 
cynical policy. But here is what is nO{ 
really clear. Does this thought occur to 
those European political figures who, 
disregarding the interests of their 
peoples and the interest of peace, help 
implement the ambitious militarist plans 
of the US Administration?" 

Where, I wonder, is "Washington's 
control room"? 

"The release of material resources, 
wreckfessly (sic) wasted on the arms 
race, and the unfolding of inexhaustible 
creative human potentialities are the 
things that can unite people . This is 
what should determine the policy of 

-------------------------~--------SPAGHETTI! 
ALL YOU CAN EAT! 

$2.50 
Mondays: 3:00 pm til close 

r------------------------------I UCSD Special : 
IFREE Pitcher of Beer with any large Pizza: 
I with this ad I 
-------------------------------Open for Breakfast at 9:00 am 

Phone Ahead 452-0661 All Item .. Available To Go! 
5 minutes from UCSD campus Enjoy Monday Night Football at jenny's 

Style Italian Eatery 
3945 Gol/ernor Drive, University City, Safeway Sbopplna unter 
HOURI 9am • 9pm daily; 9am • llpm Friday and !t.turday 

states on the threshold of the twenty-
first century. To implement aD this it is 
necessary that the forces of militarism 
be checked and that the world through 
concerted effort be kept from sliding 
into an abyss: 

"All those who today raise their vQice 
against the senseless armaments race 
and in defense of peace can be sure 
that the policy of the Soviet Union and 
other socialist countries is directed at 
attaining precisely these aims. The USSF 
wishes to live in peace with aU 
countries, including the United States. It 
does not nurture aggreSSive plans, does 
not impose the arms race on anyone, 
does not impose its social order on 
anyone." 

No, of course not. And if the people 
of the USSR disagree, it's a simple 
maner to lock up a few thousand more 
Jewish inteDectuals. 

programs from the TAs, a tip being 
included in the price. The success of 
Nicholas Nickleby has shown the classics 
can be popular enough to. go on tour. 
The main roles in the road productions, 
however, would be taken by associate 
professors, an~ these opportunities 
would be offered in lieu of sabbaticals. 
UCSD Extension would probably 
contract its administrative work to 
Ticketron or another independent agent. 

More conservative members of the 
Board, however, are offering a 
compromise idea. UC professors will 
retain the publishing rights to an>' books 
they write but will cede movie and 
television righ~ to the Regents. Until 
funds are approved for a UC Hollywood 
(student housing to be in Beverly Hills, 
with limousine service in between 
available with photo ID card), the rights 
will be resold to off-campus studios. 

• Creativity in raising funds for capital 
expenditure through insurance was 
demonstrated in UC Berkeley this week 
by the gUlling of their student senate 
chambers (chosen after a careful study 
by an ad hoc committee). 

• These are all major solutions to a 
major problem, but the Regents are 
grateful for suggestions they have 
received from individual sources (under 
a new program which offers a .5 raise in 
grade average and a free trip to 
Disneyland, with $100 spending money, 
for each suggestion used~. One example, 
from a UC Santa Barbara student, is to 
require all students to turn in term 
papers oh erasable paper, and after the 
grade is reported, work study employees 
will erase the words, and the paper wiD 
be resold in the campus bookstore. In 
the Revelle Humanities Sequence alone 
the return could pay for two assistant 
professors. UCSD students should look 
for innovation come spring quarter. A 
proposal from a Guardian staff member 
to have students throw small change to 
professors at the end of each month on 
the theory that [his would be incentive 
for raising the quality of lectures and be 
an improvement on the professors' 
present salaries, was rejected on the 
grounds that Governor Deukmeijian is 
doing this already. 



6 Dclolltr 24, 1983 
NEWS 

". 

CalPIRG projects 
inclu<:ie recycling 

The California Public Interest 
Research Group (CaIPIRG) began their 
fall schedule with their first big meeting 
of the year. The 60 ~udents who 
a ttended heard a talk by Ron Pembleton . 
CalPIRG's sratewide projects coordinator. 
who discussed the potential for student 
involvement in public policy deCIsions . 
Students were then invited to make a 
difference by focusing theIr energies 
Into CaIPIRG's fall projects. Some of the 
areas iftClude government reform, toxies 
in our environment and the need for 
recycling. 

The recycling project is designed to 
show the economic as well as 
environmenral benefits of recycling 
bottles and cans. Research detailing the 
effects of recycling is being conducted. 
The project will also strive to increase 
recycling throughout the County. 

CaIPIRG's toxic substance project is 
following a multi-pronged course. One 
part of the project is the Health 
Managemem Risk Assessment Study 
(HMRAS). The HMRAS will outline the 
relative risks involved in living in a 
particular area of San Diego as measured 
by the concentration of toxic substances 
in that area. The study will draw on 
information obtained under the 
Communiry Right to Know ordinance. a 

law passed in San Diego earlier In the 
year. The law gives the public the right 

to know what toxic substances are being 
used by the industry in the area. 

CaIPIRG is also conducting a study to 
find the extent of children's use of toXIC 
an supphes. Although many art supplies 
are labeled "non-lOxic." some of them 
contain ingredients which are toxic , 
resulring in the exposure of thousands 
of chIldren to dangerous substances. 

CalP1RG will also be presenting the 
film The Final Epidemic. The film 
explains the environmental 
consequences caused by a nuclear bomb 
explOSion. A non-panisan speakers' 
forum q,n the use of nuclear weapons 
will foUow the film. 

Legislative profiles on San Diego area 
State Assemblymen and Senators are 
being comp~ed as pan of an on-going 
CaIPlRG project called the Voters' Bill of 
Rights seeks to lessen the politica: clout 
of corporate innuences and other big 
campaign contributors and give the 
public a greater voice in election 
campaigns. The profiles will analyze the 
legislators' stated positions on issues. 
their votes on bills and how campaign 
comributions may have innuenced their 
decisions. The completed profiles will 
be distributed county-wide. 

The turnout at ~e CaIPIRG general 
interest meeting is the greatest show of 
student support' for the UCSD CaIPIRG 
chapter to dare . 

University Bookstore 
HAS mUK FREE SAMPLE PACk OF GENERAL FOOOS " INTERNATIONAL COFFEES 

WAITING FOR YOU. PRESENT THIS COUPON AND HAYE A TASTE ON US. 
s.mple f'kIu art .v.a.tM .. your coIWge booUlOI'f' wMko ,uppliIH luI. If Amp~ pack IS not • .".lIable 
at yowroUrsr boob.ono. ~od the coupon with complrtrd (orm btk>w to CAner.1 Food,. 
'-~'-' ___ 'O ""~'.b_.__ I (-I 
Na..... School ~ 
A~ Qm; ____________ __ 

--

FREE FREE SounpWPadt Limit- OM rfqUf'tC P"' aaltomtT. Tnis <if« .'P'''' tJotoc...-16, 1'M3. 

Robert Scheer. national 
correspondent for the /.os Angeles 
Times . will deliver three public 
lectures during the week of October 
23-29 at UCSD as a Regents' lecturer 
sponsored by the Oepaltment of 
History. Mr. Scheer will lecture 
Monday, Wednesday and Friday 
evenings at 8 pm in TLH 104 on 
• American Foreign Policy Since 
Yalta." In addition, he will lecture 
Tuesday morning on "The American 
PreSidency and American Foreign 
Policy" in Political Science 10. His 
three poolic lectures are free and 
open to the general public. 

Mr. Scheer's most recent book. 
With Enough Sho~ls: Reagan, Bush, 

and Nuclear War, generated 
considerable controversy when 
published \as( spring, because 'he 
argued that the present 
administration in Washington had 
altered fundamentaly the policy of 
the United Scates with respect to the 
use of nuclear weapons and the 
possibility of winning a nuclear war. 
A founding editor of Ramprrts 
magazine in the 1960s, Mr. Scheer 
has also written books about Cuba, 
Che Guevara; and how the United 
States became involved in Vicmam. 

For additional infonnation abour 
the Scheer visit and lectures, contact 
the Depaltment of History at 452-
3612. 

1WIN 
PRINT 

SPECIAL 
Get two sets of color prints 

for the price of one -
2 nd set FREE! 

12 
15 
24 
36 

~\ I 
.r 

,If..;" ~~ 
. " 

-~" . ~ , __ J. ' :,. 

exposure. 24 prints 
expo disc. 30 prints 
exposure. 48 prints 
exposure, 72 prints 

$2.47 
$3.69 
$4.47 
$6.77 

(I 1 II . 12/, ur, . . nlt! 1> ....... ('·41 Proc,"'SS) 

Another Great Photo Value &om 
UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE Hean: 
Univerlity of California, San Diego Monday·Friday 

La Jolla, Ca. 92093 8:00 am . 4:45 pm 
Computer/Electronics Department Saturday 

Phone: 452·4291 10:00 am· 4:00 pm 

Dctoblr 24. 1983 7 
NEWS '. 

. ~ ~ .'~' ~ .' ' -:-: ~ '/.. ~."'~" ;.::-. .. . .. -:, ~" . .. .'v $. 

UCSD's controversial 
rescue helicopter 
By MARTIN VON RUDEN 

8: 15. Suven Brown is fifteen minUIt's late for his eight 
o'clock cla.ls. He grabs a piece of last night's pIZza for 
brealifast mId hop~ in hIs sUva 76 Vega three-door. 8:20 
AM. Stevm, travelling soulh on 15, opens Shenk and 
decides to get some last mmu!e studying in. He runs off the 
road; Ihe car flIps three times. 8:35 am. Ambulance arrives. 
Situation serious. Victim suffering from multiple head 
wounds, tracheal damage, and gear shift impalement to the 
chest. CaD for Ufe Flight back-up. 8:45 am. UC Life Flight 
arrives on the scene, doc/or and nurse go to work -
endotracheal intubation, transvenous cardiac pacemaker 
placement, military ana-shock trousers. 8:55 am. Patient is 
III the air. Radw call IS placed to the hOSpital. Steven Brown 
is going to be okay. 

That son of scenano happens, on the average, once 
a day for the Ufe Flight team at UC Medical Center. 
By uSing helicopter emergency care service, the rescue 
staff minimizes the time between injury and treatment, 
one of the most imponant factors in the sUlVival of 
trauma patients. 

A twenty-lour hour selVice, Life Right is a vital pan 
of the UC Medical Center Trauma Unit. Housed on 
the roof, on a 60 by 60 foot landing pad, the A10uene 
222 looks like an ordinary helicopter. In reality. it is a 
traveling emergency room. lacking only lab and x-ray 
facilities. and it is a step above any land transport 
emergency vehicle. Inside are stretchers for two 
patients. seats for pilot, doctor, and nurse, and, since 
weight on board is an imponant factor, carefully 
selected packs of emergency articles. The equipment is 
that which can, for instance, provide an airway, treat 
shock, provide cardiopulmonary resuscitation, or 
immobilize fraclures. 

However, the true strength of the helicopter 

emergency servtce lies 
three Stories below the 
Life Flight "famIly." The 
unique element of the 
program is the presence 
of a highly skilled 
physician and nurse learn 
which can begin medical 
care immediately upon 
contact. The staff IS 
ca~fully selected and 
trained . The seven night 
nurses have three years of 
critical care experience 
and work in the 
emergency center when 
not on duty in the air. 
The six doctors are 
teaching physicians and 
highly qualified in emergency medicine. 

Ufe Flight employs three pilots who are on 24-hour 
duty for ten straight days. They sleep in quarters across 
the street where, if caDed, they can immediately 
respond . With the program three years. Randy Mains 
has been recognized by his peers and by the 
communiry as a top pilot. He brought with him a year 
of experience from Hermann Hospital in Houston, 
where five helicopters currently operate. but states. 
·UC Medical Center is an exceUent place for the 
program. because it is a teaching facility and therefore 
has all rypes of medical programs. Most hospitals can't 
offer that: 

Life Flight responds to any life-threatening situation 
as far north as UCLA and as far east as Yuma. First 

Package include$: 

responders, EMTs or paramedics, arrive at the scene. 
They call and put Life Flight on standby, at which time 
the staff is paged and made ready for action. The pilot 
locates the area on the map. If the call is established as 
affirmative, the group is off within five minutes. The 
dispatcher receives a patient update , so the staff 
knows beforehand what it is up against. A ground 
contact is established and called to make preparations. 
Pertinent information is communicated. When Life 
Flight lands, a doctor and nurse respond. Then the 
patient is transported to the nearest hospital which 
can accomodate him. 'The doctor does perform minor 
surgery out there , including chest tubes to restore 
breathing," says pilot Randy Mains. "They even have a 

pkase rum 10 page 10 

• Roundtrip air transportation via United Airlines 
• Roundtrip transfers: Airport / Hotel 
• lei Greeting 
• Hotel Welcome / Continental Dreakfast 
• Hotel Accommodations for 7 nights at Holiday Isle 

1 block from Waikiki Deach 
• Double occupancy $557 / Triple occupancy $547 

Deposit due Nov. 7 / Dalance due Dec. 1 
Sign-up and details in Office of Campus Recreation 

OCR: Office of Campus Recreation/PE Dept./x4037 



AS Update 
Shoner meetings, intelligent debates, careful research, dedicated 

representatives ... all working for you. urprised? 
This year's ASUCSD is getting things done elficiently. What's up? 

Commissioner of ActiVity Fees, Erik Roede, has been spending many hours 
with student organizations negotiating reasonable budgets. Linda Clark, 
the Student Body President's Council Representative is keeping everyone 
up-to-date with the latest systemwide activity. Marc Boroditsky is doing an 
exceptional job of appointing qualified students to some important campus 
commiuees. Communication is good and everyone is working well as a 
body .. . believe it or not! 

Sincerely, 
Craig Lee and Elizabeth Woodworth 

AS President and Vice President 

Media Board Meeting 
Today at 4:30 pm 

Upstairs in the Student Center's Multi purpose room. 

Censorship in the Media 
The "Censorhip in the Media" lecture series present: Frank Wilkinson 

speaking on FBI guidelines on censorship. Also a film entitled "If you love 
this Planet" (Labeled Canadian propaganda by the US Govt.). Thursday, 
Oct. 27 at 7:30 pm in TlH 104. 

KASA Dance 
The Korean American Students Assoc. is having its first dance parry of 

the year on Friday, Oct. 28 at Why Not Here? (ReveUe campus). Every 
Korean-American is welcomed. It begins at 8 pm and soft drinks will be 
served . Admission is free . 

Non-Sexist Halloween Dance 
THe Lesbia n and Gay O rgani zati on proudly hosts its l ~gendary 

Non·Sexist Da nce wirh a twist: This is also a Halloween Da nce, so 
come in costume. Prizes will be given for best costumes. The music 
promises to be better than ever, with a Wide variety of different types. 
So, celebrate Halloween the best way possible, with LAGO at UCSD. 
(Please no alcohol.) 

• • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • I • • 

"On Her Majesty's 
Secret SeIVice" 

A James Bond Thriller 

Wednesday, Oct. 26 at 9 pm in USB 2722 
Tickets are $l.50. Sponsored by the Pre -Law Education ASSOCiation . 

• • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • I • • • • • • • • 

The Black Jews Of Ethiopia 
"Beita-Yisrael-The Black Jews of Ethiopia" a presentation by David 

Makovskay, head of the North American Jewish Student's Network and 
member of the first official Israeli delegation to Ethiopia will be held 
Wednesday, Oct. 26 at 6 pm in the Revelle Formal Lounge. Come hear 
about the plight of the Ethipian Jews and what can be done to help. 
Sponsored by the Israel Action Committee . 

Attention student organizations 
Your election commission needs you. The election commission is 

looking for student organization that will be willing to help man the polls at 
election time. If interested please contact Commissioner Bill Ansell in the 
AS offices or call 452-4450. 

State park lecture and slide show 
On Wednesday, Oct. 26 a naturalist from Torrey Pines State Park will 

presentt a lecture and slide show at 8 pm in the 5th floor lounge ofTioga 
Hall. On Saturday, Oct. 29 there will be a Torrey Pines hike and beach pany 
sponsored by Friends of the Sierra Club. 

Wilderness First Aid 
A Wilderness first aid workshop sponsored by the Outing Club as well as 
planning for this weekend's backpacking trip and canoe party at the bay 
will be held Tuesday at 6:30 pm in the Rec. Gym Conf Room. 

TNt PEna U I n 
fllf' UltTI 

presents 

'IN \II! 11\11 H\I(('" 

Oct. 27, Thursday, 8 p.m. 
USB 2722, $1.00 

- Tickets at the UCSD Box Office. 452-4559---' 

Art for alternative spaces 
Thursday at 4:30 pm - An for alternative spaces is looking for 

alternative show space for undergraduate an! Also, we need ideas for wall 
murals at UCSD. Interested? Show up outside the Visual Ans office (~cond 
floor at Mandeville) or call x2252. 

Women's Support Group 
Women's Suppon Group is offering a supponive environment for 

women. Come meet with us and find strength in numbers. Women's 
Resource Center, next to food co-op. Tuesdays at 6 pm. 

Colloquia Series continues 
The Depanment of Communication will present Oscar Gandy, 

associate professor at Howard University on "Audience 
Segmentatiot"): Targetingt Information Subsidies" at 12:30 on 
Wednesday, Oct. 26 in MCC 201 at Third College. 

.. MfQlu L'BIa .... uNt~£tITY ... ,.,~, 
11Ia",4"aa.aNc1 ~~',C!A-PlnL "'~, NP MAN'f' MeU': 

'AN "."D 
tA-LI fitCHlA-

-

-

'...-MC'1.. 

A~.%''' 
APl." 
F.e." 

Wanted: Student Regent 
WhIIl The Srudent Regent ~lVes for one year as a ful voting member of the 
UC Board of Regents. The Regents are the governing body of the University 
and make decisions regarding fee levels, financial aid, program cuts, 
growth of the University, salary levels, affirmative action and many more 
issues effecting students' lives. 
Whyl Students need a voice on the Board of Regents to ensure that our 
mncems are being addre~d. Even though every VOlt by the Regents does 
not always go our way, the Student Regent is able to inOuence many 
decisions. 
Who? AI U.c. students who wiD be enrolled in the University during the 
enUre 198+-85 academic year are eligible to apply. You don't have to be a 
political activisl or an academic whiz kid ~o get picked. Nor do you need 
friends in high places. We are lookIng for someone with good 
mmmunicarion skiDs- and knowledge of the University. 
Howl To apply to be Student Regent, Simply pick up an application at your 
undergraduate or graduate student government office. AD the details are 
included in the application. 
Wheal The deadUne for applications is October 31, 1983. Don't delay, 
apply today! For more information, please contact your undergraduate or 
graduate Student Body Presidents' Council (SBPC) representative at +52· 
++50 or cal the UC Student Lobby in Sacramento at (916) ++2-3827. 

Want to get involved with the library? 
Students interested in the position on the library committee of the faculty 

senate, please see Marc Boroditsky in the AS office immediately. 

ASPEN. 
THERE'S 
ONLYONf. 

lIS lhe one with 4 mountains 
lhe one willl bit«! skies and 

freslo fJOWder. 
The one with Weiooan charm 

and sp«lacu/ar nightlife 
h.. /he one """'!iO"" /a lks 

about 
It .. incomparable. 
lis a(fordtJble. It. duiing Quarter Break It. "-' and the ~II Cdl 

WioIer CamluaJ. 
This is what you 'lI find wait· 

ing for you III file ~II 0Jl Winter 
Camlua/: 

Free Party! wlrh ElucIwt!iser 
Broomball 
DdUlCe Accommodations 
FreeR«es 
Free Orl·1he-Mountam P,CniC 
FreelWfreshments on rhe Bus 
Ice Scu/plLlre Contest 
F"ree Dances Sponsorea by 

BudJJe~ 
.5IldI!nIs from 8 UC C.lfnP<.i.Se> 
F_ ButiJJeiseT J«uz:1 f'artJliS 
Ptfzes by; 

Nordica 8ooI5/Hart ~kls 
Look Blndingsl&d.~ her 

Don '1 (orgel, Aspen "r 1 'r,,, 
lUI Cal are no/ed noI on /(, " 
fun. bul aIM> (or SKIING \\.,,, it 
IIaue S full da!J$. 

THE ONE lIND ONLY AU. 
o.L. WINTER OIRNIW 

ASPEN 
THERE'S ONL Y ONE. 

~ .' 
J\Sf'CN SKIING COMPANV 

.... 

The UCSD Radically Inclined Ski Club 
Tickets on sole at the Box Office until Nov, 18 
More information atthe Ski Club Office, x4038. 



.;;, COUNCIL TRAVEL Helicopter 
BUDGET AIRFARES 

continued from 7 
san Franctsco $39ow/$18rt pacemaker, which actuaUy makes thc Houston $IISow/$23Ort heart beaL They carry everything drug-
New York $195ow/S299rt wise." 
London $329ow/$608rt There are significant benefits of Life Flight that an ambulance doesn 't have. A 
Dusseldorf $34Oow/$589rt helicopter can transport a doctor and 
Copenhagen $36Oow/$595rt nurse over a far wider geographic area, 
Stockholm $4 I Oow/$655rt doctors and nurses are able to perform 
Hong Kong $43Sow/$699rt more duties than an EMT or paramedic, and medical mformatlon can be caUed HongKonq $365ow/$685rt ahead and prearranged. In shon, Auckland $S3Oow/$106Ort securing an airway and staning 
Sydney $605ow/$12 IOrt treatment of shock at the scene are the 
Taipei $355ow/$655rt two most important factors in saving 
Tokyo $465ow/S6J9rt lives of critical patients, and Life Right 
Bangkok $459ow/$869rt is capable of handling this faster and 

Contact more thoroughly. Despite its advantages, Life Right 
CIEE/CouncIl Tluvel does have one threat: It just isn't used 
Second Floor. Student Center enough. Rescues average one a d~ 70 a 

452-0630 
month in the summer and 40 in e 
winter. But while both figures appear LO 

Emergency clinics offer quick, low,cost 
medical care_ 

Hospital emergency rooms offer the 
quality and security of a 'hospital medical staff. 

But now you don't have to choose be-
tween them. 

Introducing Medistat fM. We're different 
from both emergency clinics and other hospi-
tal emergency rooms ... in some important ways. 

1lnis aln]iaJ 
behinl~~oo 

Medistat is the 
minor emergency 

service in Mission 
Bay Hospital. In 
fact, the hospital is 
right down the hall. 
An emergency de-
partment physician 
will treat your 
problem, so you are 

assured of getting excellent medical care. 
And, if it turns out you need a hospital, you're 
already there. 

With emergency clinics, you'd have to go 
to a hospital located somewhere else. 

be slowly climbing, the program is up Some 55 hospitals in the United 
against a tough foe: the taticnt donar. States currently operate their own 
From its initial creation ive years ago, helicopter programs, and many others 
Ufe Right has had to fight politiCS and receive satients from public service-
an already existing emergency system in operate romrcraft. And while there are 
the San Diego area: local hospitals, four in the Los Angeles area, Life Right 
government, and the medical has been the sole operator In San Diego 
community. It was extensively promoted since March 1980, under the funding of 
two years before a first Oight was made. Grossmont, Scripps, and Tri-City 
But Life Right is still at the mercy of the hosfltals (which contribute 1% of the 
first responders, who may agree that the tOta cost) and the UC Medical Center. 
air rescue service could give a bener Don'[ look for the same kind of 
performance but who aren't willin!. to service, though, after November. Life 
give up the tcns of thousands of ollars RighI is very excited about the arrival of 
in revenue from an emergency patient. its new helicopter, a Bolkow IOSCBS, 

Helicopters were first used for which will replace the AIouette. Not only 
reducing the time between injury and does this new helicopter have two 
treatment during the Korean War and engines, but it wiD also travel 3S mph 
later during the Viemam War. It was not faster and comes equiPr: with doors 
until 1972 thaI romrcraft were put into that open in the rear 0 the craft so 
such service in the United Scates. It was patients and stretchers can slide in . 
al 51. Anthony's Hospital in Denver, TIt ings win look different, but ~ilot 
Colorado, where the geographic features Randy Mains says the t:ls wi still be 
and terrain of the Rocky Mountains the same: "to have the st patient care 
created problems for existing land possible and come closer to bringing the 
rransportation. emergency room to the patient." 

Because that's when minor emergencies 
happen, Just walk in anytime, 
an appointment. You'll be treated 
promptly and courteously at Medistat. 

Yu'llalsobetmJted\\d~~ liD. 
When payment is made by cash, 

check or major credit card at time of service, 
charges are comparable to those you'd pay at 
an emergency clinic. But at Medistat you're 
getting hospital quality medical care. 

So when you have a minor emergency. 
,-------". -, ' think of Medistat at 

t 
N 

" Mission Bay Hos-
pi tal. We're the 
~~Io... 

minor emergency 
service with some 

major differences. 

MeDI~ffi\uTM 
A m.nor _gene)' MMCtI 01 ~ 

Mission Bay Holtpital.3030 Bunker Hill St. 
SilO IAcgo, CA 92109 (619) 274-7721 

Women's issues 

Professors with a discriminating taste 
By DENA ROSEN 

Sexual discrimination, often 
considered a thing of the past, stiD 
exists in the university classroom of 
today. Not necessarily in the form of a 
proposition or a blatandy sexist remark, 
discrimination occurs in more sub de 
ways. A hint, an intonation or 
reinforcement of negative attitudes 
toward women. 

Males and females are treated 
differently from the beginning of their 
educational careers. Johnny brings home 
a paper with a gold star on it and is 
praised for his competence and skiD. 
Jane brings home the same paper and is 
told that she was lucky to have such an 
easy assignment. This example obviously 
does not apply to an children, but it 
serves to iDustrate a common attitude 
that pervades education. 

Another typical pattern is for girls to 
favor such subjects as English and 
history, while boys take an interest In 
science and math. Developing analytic 
skiDs is often not encouraged in females; 
it is either considered "inappropriate," 
or girls are deemed incapable of 
thinking In a logical, orderly fashion. 
The result of this is evident at UCSD, 
where the AMES, EECS, Biology, 
Chemistry, Economics, MathematiCS, 
Philosophy, Physics and Political 
Science Departments have a majority of 
male undergraduates. Women, not 
surpriSingly, dominate the more 
traditional female fields such as 
Anthropology, Drama, History, 
Linguistics, Literature, Psychology, 
SOCiology and Visual Ans. 

Much of the biased behavior against 
women that occurs in university 
classrooms must be taken as a reflection 
of the biased attitudes stiD held in 
American society. The most common 
notion of discrimination is the professor 
or TA who offers better grades to his 
female student in return for sexual 
favors. The women's movement, 
improved methods of 1egaI retribution 
and wide publicity have lessened the 
number of these kinds of proposals. If 
nothing else, increased public awareness 
has strengthened the social stigma 
against such offenders. More often, 
passes made or proposals suggCSled in a 
one to one situation are of a vague and 
indefinite nature. 

When questioned whether they have 
been sexualy harrassed, female students 
are most likely to be hesitant in their 
answer. "I can't be sure, but I got the 
feeling that he (a TA) was hinting 

around," and "Maybe 1 was just 
imagining things bul..." are typical 
responses. These offenses can be so 
sub de that neither the faculty member 
nor the student may be fuDy aware of 
what is happening. Even so, this less 
blatam type of discrimination can be as 
harmful as the more obvious son. Not 
only must a woman cope with the pass 
itself, but she must also deal with her 
own doubt as to whether a proposition 
was being suggested, and, if so, whether 
she provoked it in some way. 

Negative attitudes towards women are 
conveyed in the classroom even as 
faculty members may express the desire 
to behave impartially towards their 
students. Beliefs may change, but old 
habits die hard. Professors may 
unintentionaUy devalue the competence 
of women by using examples w~ere the 

LlJOlLI 
CD'I". 
CDIIPDT 

PRECISION 
HAIRCUTS 

for mea & womea 
Wid. ,hi. COUPOIl oilly. 

Offer ellpirea 10/31/83. 

737 Pearl 456·1170 
La Jolla 456·1815 

, 

\ 
-----------------,.--------_ ...... __ ..... _----1 $10 PRECISION: PERM $29.50 HAIRCUT I Long Hair Extra. 

~--------------------for lIIe .. & wOlllea I 
Shampoo, condition, cuI. 

(Riowdry not lIlc/uded) 
: MANICURE $5 

woman plays the subservient role, such 
as patient or client, and the man 
functions as the profeSSional figure. The 
constam use of masculine pronouns ("As 
the biologist examined the slide ~e 
noticed .. :) furthers this stereotype. 

Another common pitfaU for lecturers 
is to addrns lower order questions to a 
woman student {"Approximately 'when 
did Plato write The Rtpublic?") and to 
ask men more conceptual questions 
("What ethical dilemmas does P\;lto 
consider?"). A more visible, but probably 
just as inadvertem, example of bias 
involves an economics professor who 
explained that a man might want more 
money to suppon his wife's desire for a 
fur coat. At the other extreme, a 
professor may deliberately use sexist 
humor to "spice up· a lecture and also 
as a way to increase popularity. 

The behavior of women in classrooms 
exemplifies their own and society'S lack 
of confidence in their inteUecrual 
abilities. Studies have shown that men 
dominate professor-student interaction 
during lecture. Women are more likely 
to approach the professor after lecture 
or during office hours. Underconfidence 
is evident in women's speech panerns, 
which often express uncertainty or 
hesitance. Anaching a tag question 10 
the end of a statement ("This is how it 
is done, right?) or being" overapologetic, 
undermines the impact of what a female 
student is trying to express. 

Tremendous progress has been made 
in fighting sexual discrimination in an. 
aspects of society . It still persists in the 
university classroom, but awareness of 
its more subtle forms is the first step in 
eliminating Ihe problem altogether. 

~ ROBERTSVW ~.~ 914. VW. BMW. AVDI :"OiPr~-
German Car Specialists 

All work fully guaranteed. Factory·trained Specialist 
Mon .• Fri. 8 am . 5:30 pm; Sat. 8 am • 5 pm 

(619) 454·7823' 4630 Mission Bay Drive 
(619) 454·3705 (1-5 to Balboa Exit) 
(619) 275·1132 San Diego, CA. 92109 
------------------T-----------------

UCSD SPECIAL I 100/0 OFF 
4 cyJ Tune-Up $45 I on all other repairs 
6 cyl Tune-Up $65 I (except for Motor and 

(Not valid with any other coupon) I Transmission Overhaul) 
With This Coupon I (Not valid with any ot/.otT coupon) 

I With This ('AJupon 
..... """"f'tN,'J'NO//ws IOOd .. ..til Novmtbw 10, 1983. 1'ttI¥~VV\~ 



.:: 

------- Tom Serum --------

Death of a drop 
(a story in two parts) 

I was a water drop that dropped on 
you. I slid down your slick forehead to 
your cheek, tickling you on the way. 
You reached your right hand up to 
Dick me away as if I were no more 
than a pesky fly. I plummeted to the 
tire-black asphalt below, washing to 
the gutter to join a torrent of other 

"drops. The lillie street-side river gained 
in strength as reinlorcements 
continued to fall from the mother 
clouds. 

The currem slung me down the 
gaping mouth in the side of the curb. 
Helpless to do anything more, aU I 
could do was go with the Dow that 
rushed through the dark , dank sewers. 
There was no way of telling how long 
the stream would travel or where it 
would end up. The gush hurried on 
and on into the darkness. 

Just as I began to drift off to sleep, 
the bottom dropped out. I glimpsed a 
flash of grey light as I tumbled around 
and around, unable to figure out 
exactly what was happening. We must 
have come to the end of an elevated 
sewer line and were now spilling down 
toward the ground. 

Evaporation took its toll as we 
plunged. Drops were being carried out 
imo the open by upward air currems. 

where they disappeared in an instant. 
Once a drop is separated from the 
mass of the stream he's as good as 

~me. It's not a pretty s1ght. Heat just 
tears a drop's little body apan, heaving 
water molecules everywhere throughout 
the sky. Nothing is left but a little 
humidity. 

It was too much to take. I burrowed 
deeper into the bulk of the stream and 
prayed to God to spare me from such 
a hideous fate. I was too young to 
evaporate. All I wanted was to be 
deposited in a sizable body of water 
where I could settle down with a cute 
droplet and maybe even raise some 
moisture of my own. 

Right then a tremendous SPLASH 
wem up. 

The stream had struck the ground . 
The impact rocked the emire world. 
Drops were hurled in all directions at 
once . Everybody was smashing into 
everybody else. The force of the splash 
sent me reeling and rolling until I was 
too dizzy to see straight. Luckily for 
me, I was thrown forward and away 
frOln the chaos. 

The stream began rushing uniformly 
again, and the din of the splash faded 
imo the distance. That's when I heard 
it. 

Available at The Unlvenlty Bookstore 
SUNSHINE STORE 

It went KADOOM SSSH, KADOOM 
SSSH. Waves were crashing ahead! I 
couldn't believe it! The pipe must have 
poured out onto the beach right in 
front of the ocean. The thought of 
being a pan of that great mass of water 
made me shiver with delight. I had 
heard Slories that the ocean was so big 
that a drop could sink so low into its 
depths that he might never see the sun 
again. Yes! Yes! I was soon to be an 
ocean drop. 

The excitement was overwhelming. I 
had to get to the surface of the stream 
so I could see the splendor of the 
waves before I entered them. It would 
be my only real chance to see their 
magnificent peaks curl and smash 
down on the froth and sand below 
them. I told myself thai I'd only stay 
for a very shon time and I'd be very 
careful about nOl exposing too much of 
myself to the nasty fresh air. 

I spun around and began the ascem 
to the top. The water warmed, and the 
light of the sky grew brighter as I wem. 
New drops fed, making patterns of 
ever-widening CIrcles right above me. I 
pushed my weight against the surface 
tension and popped right through. 

To be continued ntxt Monday 

this WEekF~iL 
~PUB 
~-====~===-,..lt he f===:=:==-1 

~rs. ~"3C\. 
HALLOWEEN BASH 
featllinE 
MAG,e by Jon Si'yer 

~i. StartiRI ~oq.. 
Pmiew sews flOlll .... PI .. 
.y 

~~~ 
-

6&1t;"8:1~m 
DANCE TO THE 

plus: f ..... ., 
Live on tlle .. aNt atrlp 

PeJVerse 

The Rime of the 
Ancient Midtenn 
A fragment of Ihe original version wriUen 
during S. T. Colt ridge 's lime al college, 
dlscOllered recenlly by James Ralph Papp. 

We IxholLJ a strange sighl afar off 
There passed a weary time. Each brain 
Was drained , and blind each mind. 
"A weary time ' A weary time! " 
The sleepless scholars whined. 
I looked Decemberwards and then 
A something I did find . 

At first it seem'd a httle speck, 
And then it seem'd mist; 
It moved and moved , and took at last 
A certain shape, I wist. 

A speck, a mist, a shape. I wist! 
And soon by al 'twas seen , 
Though first they were confused about 
What "wist" was meant to mean 

At lIs nearer approach, It seemeUt to be 
il manifestation of evU intent. 
Our foreheads ached. our brains were 

baked, 
Our eyesight was nOl firm; 
And staring there, dumb stood we each 
(By that I mean dumb as to spuch) 
Till I cried, "A midterm'" 

And horror follow, for how can a midterm 
haw arrived already? 

With foreheads aching, grey maner 
baking, 

They saw that thing afar 
Draw closer. And their heans did stop, 
And all at once they left [0 drop 
The class at the Regi strar. 

"Sec! see!," I cried, "i t bears toward us" 
(my classmates alllookd ' Sickly), 
"And according to my calendar. 
unusually quickly 

The Christmas vac few weeks away, 
The quaner wellnigh done! 
When one does nothing through the day 
And through the night has fun ; 
Then that midterm drove suddenly 
Betwixt us and the fun . 

And straight the fun was flecked with bars; 
Foreboding we did feel . 
And the vac, like a steak 

from Ja"~-in-Ihe-Box, 
Lost aU of its appeal 

Alas! (thought I, and my hean quailed) 
How fast it nears and nears 
And the merest thought of being failed 
Moved some of us to tears. 

Are those essays o'er which the prof 
Does peer? Is that our fate? 
Essay questions an to do? . 
Are those IDs? And are there two? 
IDs the essays' mate? 

Dealh and Life-in-Dcath haw 

The Fanlights 
Los Soles Truncos 

By Rene Marq~ 
Co-dlrecled by 
BII~ Vlrchll and Jorge Huerta 

Presented by Teatro Meta, the Old Globe Theatre's 
bilingual acting company, Performed at the Cassius Carter 

Centre Stage, Balboa Park 
A gripping character study of three sisters living In self-

Imposed exile dramatizing their Interior world of fabricated 
fantasies and unfulfilled romantic desires, 

English Performances_ October 25. 26. 27. 29. 30 
Spanish Performances October 28. 29 

. I 

-~--Tlckets:---­
Old Globe Theatre Box Office 
~ DOD Charge-by-Phone ~OISON([NI~If!Tti~,6!~.~ 239-2255 

• 

2 for 1 Discount Tlcketl CMJllabie with thl. ad for all 
performance. (exeludlng Saturday evenings). Red .. mable at 

the Old Globe Box 0frIee only. 

diced for Ihe course's students, 
and the professor places belS. 
The nightmare Life-in-Dealh (essays) 
and Death (IDs) did caS( 
The dice to set ou· fate; our days 
To be cut off from the sun's bright rays 
Took but five weeks (too fast) . 
We watched them as they cast their dice 
Beneath the faUlng sun, 
When with a shout ~ur fate was set. 

Specialists In the ... reproduction. 

And Life-in-Death had won. 

No twilight within Ihe courts of Ihe sun, 
whatever that's supposed to mean. 

The sun's rim dips; the stars rush out; 
The professor stays aloof; 
And in no time a line forms up 
For the Tioga roof. 

Those that remained looked sideways up! 
please tum to page 16 

III Xerox copies, reductions, enlargements 
iI Full color xerox copies 
iii Full binding ~ice, hard & soft cover 
ilStationers supplies, typing 

Mon.-Fri. 7:30-6:00 
701 Pearl St . • La Jolla. Comer 01 Draper' Peart . 9:()()'5:OO 

~---------~-----------------------~ : MEDICAL SCHOOL OPENINGS I 
I I 
I - CIFAS UNIVERSITY - I 
I I 

ALL ClASSES IN ENGLISH 
The MedIcal Program ~ CIFAS Unlvenlty In the Domlntc:an Republic .. 

patterned ahr \he tradHionaI u.s. Model 01 MedIcal Education. 
OPENINGS NOW AVAILABLE FOR FOREIGN STUDENTS 

Ttl. Medical School I. listed by The WORlD HEALTH ORGANIZATION 
GRADUATES ARE ELIGIBLE FOR ECFMG CERTIACATION IN THE U.S. 

r--;-;-jUNE:[jPSPEciAi-**---' 
INa.UOES: Aqjust valves - most cars. new plugs, 5elVice batteIY, check compression. check I 
cooling system adjust caburator. set timing. BY APPOINTMENT. I 

$29 $49 $59 i 
IWIUN, JOYOTA. HONDA YOlVO ... cy\., DASHa, ALFA· IIOMEO - .. cy\., I 

(MOST MODELS) RAIIIT, RAT, TRIUMPH, ~ 2 - CARS,IMW" - cy\. I 
IMPORTCAR : 

REPAIR SPECIALISTS I 
Engine Overhauls, Ring & Vow Jobs. I 5 78.8536 BrdceW~~~,Clut~: 

I "555-<: Black MountaIn Road bp\NI H·1.u. J . ~-------------------------------

-



ACADEMIC SERVICES 
MONDA Y·FRlDA Y 
8:lO _2:lO pm - SIGI ¥tl'l'll of Iml'l'aa...., 
Guidance and InformatIon IS a computer-tlasI'd program 
of car"", Inlormaoon desrgned 10 help you clarrf,! your 
values and OCQJpatronallntl'l'ests. For more InformatIOn. 
come to Car"", Pfannlng & Placement. In car"", Planning 
HLIOS8. 
9:00 _4:00 pm - Grammar Moses HotlIne - A 
grammar hortlne phone-In sl'l'llice for heip IMth diOIon. 
grammar and punctuatron problems. To reach Grammar 
Moses. call 452-2284. Sponsorl!d Ily oo.5lS IiVrltJng 
CI'I'llI'l'. SeMce iWailatlle tlYoughout tile quartl'l'. 
':lO _4100 pili - oo.5lS IIVriting CI'I'1(1'I' olll'l's h'ee 
selVlCe lor all UCSO students woo need pr~l(ing help. 
conferences on dr airs and edrung acMce. lIVe I'I'19iJ!l'! arl)I 
kInd of wrItIng and arl)I kind of wrltll'1g problem. 
Conferences are by appo,nrrTll'l'1( only. EVl'l'11ng 
appoIntments are now also iWailabie In oo.5lS Third Place 
at lhird COllege. (For tile full range of Sl'l'\lices see biJI< 01 
Fall Schedule ). Call 452-2284 or come Ily USB 4010 to 
make an appointment This service is iMlilabie tlYoughout 
the quartl'l' 
IdO _4100 poll - PAL Conferences - Don'1 sprnd 
more Ome studfrng than necf!SQ)ll Schedule a one-to-
one PAl (personal assIStance for learning) conference to 
srream"ne your studying. TIle conferences WIll deal WIth 
)Our course materrals conel'l'ns including readrng 
corrprellensron. ~ control. lecture notl'lakrng. and 
teS( preparatron. as ..... 11 as how 10 manage your time. 
handle suess. concl'l'1trate oettl'l'. and OIIt'fcome 
procrastInatIOn. Sponsored Ily the oo.5lS Readtng and 
Study SkIlls Cl'I'1tl'l'. In USB 4010 
1 :10-4100 pili - Drop-In Hours. For quICk questrons 
pertaIning to ca<"", planning. JOO h-Jnong. resume 
cr~rquerng. etc. For more Indivrdual attentIon sign-up or 
call 452-3750 In Car"", Plannrng HLIOS8. 
MONDAY 
'O:OCH '100 _ - TIle language Ptogram Level I & II -
Th,s OASIS program foruses on the thinkIng skIlls you 
need to successfully handle tile reading and wrItIng taSks 
asSIgned In your courses It IS deslgr>ed lor those who 
want to perf«! their EnglISh laf'l9Jage skllls.LPdassl5 are 
talJ!1lt by reading and wrIting SpI'CJiJllsrs and bI"ngual 
tutors. LP IS present by tile OASIS IiVrltlng Cl'I'1tl'l' and the 
oo.5lS Readtng Cl'I'1tl'l' In USB 4()6(}8 
,0.00 _2100 pili - Graduate & Ptofessronaf School 
~ - Graduate school recruiters h'om Oller 40 schools. 
on the 5I:udent Centl'l' Hu"ll. 
1011O-1I.lO .... -Graduate ScIloofMvlSlng. Plamrng 
on graduate school aftl'l' UCSD7 Aftl'l' you anl'l'ld a 
Graduate AdvrSlng Senlnar. drop-rn at this tIme and tafk 
to an ao.nsor for more specIfic or detarled InformarlOn. In 
the 51udent Cl'I'ller Bldg. A 
'100-2100 .... - ~ Cullurallssues DIScUSSIOn Hour Is 
an Informal exchange ., wI1iCh a wide range of 

Intl'l'drsq>~nary topICS drlNoln from dllfe'l'rlI rultural 
contexts WIll be examined and disaJssed. Concepts and 
terminology In modern artIStIC and philosophical trl'l'lds 
IMII be disaJssed and darllied. Sponsored Ily tile OASIS 
Language Ptogram In USB 4070. 
.... ~ ". - Mock Interview. Seeing and hearIng 
)'OUrself on vrdeot<lpe can heip put tre finrstvng touches on 
IntervIew skills. Prerequisite : IntervIewing SkIlls 
WOrkshop. Gall 452-3750 In Hl lOSS. 
4100-6100 pili - BurroughS PresentatIOn - arl)I 
students conslderrng an Inrervlew with Burroughs should 
attetrd. In the ~lIe Formal lounge. 
TUESDAY 
10.00 _noon - Textbook Readrng for Recall - How 
many times should you read a chaptl'l'? Ole,,' Thrs 
workshop shows you how to read efflCrently and transfer 

tedIOUS hours rnto prcx1JctJve learrnng sessrons Bnngyour 
textlJooks and learn how to apply learnIng effiCIency 
teclnques to)UK wurses Sponsored by OASIS Readrng 
& Study SkIlls Cl'I'1tl'l' In TCH8 141. 
'0.» .... _ - law/MBA Mvlslng. law or MBA 
school grO\4l advising hours for arl)I questions concerning 
tile ~lrcatlOrl process for law school or MIli'I programs. 
see the Pre-law/Management advrsor on an Inlormal 
basIS No appointments necessary. Dut n IS ""-'Isable to 
call first at 452-4939. In the Students Cl'I'1tl'l'. Bldg A. 
"100 .. _ - SocIal Work and Gr~ Ptogram 
& Careers - Professor h'om tile san Drego State MSIIV 
program WIll disruss graduate trainlng and car"",s In the 
North Conf. Rm .. Student Cl'rlIl'I'. 
~ 1100 pili - ~ French WOrkshop is a new 
~ature of the oo.5lS l.angJage Pl'ogram. I( is deslQl'led 
mainly for students who are wntlng papers or othor class 
assignments In French. Students not wo!1<ing on specilie 
papers. but who would lIke to perfKt their wnllng atlIlrty 
in French. are also welcome ~ Workshop WIll olfer a 
II1ique opportunity for Students to edn their own papers. 
and seek constructllle crniasm h'om ther peers. It WIll also 
provide darification of grarMlar. mechanICS. and sentence 
and paragraph structure. Pre-I'..riling drSQJssions. When 
necessary. IMII be CDnO.JaI!d In French. Students may 
attl'l'ld on regular or occasronaf llaSIS. accordrng to their 
needs In USB 4070. 
':1O-2.JO pm -()o.Campus-lntervrewrng arrentatIOn. 
" you are Intl'l'esled In partICIpatIng In tile on-campus 
Intervrewlng tr.s quarter. I( is mandatory that)OJ attend 
one of these orrentatl(J(lS before you Interview. In the 
Revelle Formaf Lounge. 
2100-.1100 poll - TIle GM (Grammar & Med1anIcsj 
WOrkshop IS desrgned for students who would Irke to 
IMlrk on darrfylng basIC grammatICal concepts and 
categorll5. and applyIng them In an extensIve. systematIc 
series of practical exl'I'Clses lin exercIse manual to be 
purchased by the studl'l'1l WIll be used All work WIll be 
cO~Ier<'d In the context of tile workshop Sponsored by 
OASIS Language Pl'ogram In USB 402()-8 
211O-.I.lO poll - Resume IiVrn,ng WOrkshop learn how 
to wme an e/feorve resume. Starl the process hore then 
have your resume O'nrqued by a Car"", Pfannrng & 
Placement ao.nSOl' A must for DrrcarT1j?Us Inlervrewing. In 
the Revelle Formal Lounge. 
.1100-4100 poll - Drop-ln-acMsll'1g In open sesslOfl for 
pre-medrcal and pre-dental >tudents No appointments 
necessary. t:>ut ~ IS .a<:MsalJje to call first to confirm that the 
sesSIOn WIll be held. In the Student Cl'I'1tl'l'. Bldg. A 452-
4939. 
... 1100 .,... - Graduate School & Careers In 
Psychology - Cllnocal. SchoOl. Industrial Psychologrsts 
dlsruss graduate training and car""'s. In tile North Conf. 

~ . SludI'I'lr Cenler. 
IIIIB)NUQAY 
"...0t00 _ - ~ GM (Grammar & Mechanlcs) 
Workshop is desrgned for students who would lIke to 
work on darlfylng basiC grammabcal concepts and 
categones. and applying them In an extensive. systematic 
sene of practlUJI ._dses. lin exer~ rNnUaI to be 
purchased Ily tile Sludl'l'lr WIll be used. All work IMII be 
co~leted in the context of tile workshop. Sponsored Ily 
the O'ISIS languagr Pl'ogram. In USB 3050-8 
".'OIlO _ - Drop-In ao.trsing In open sesslOfl lor 
pre-medical and pre-<Jl'l'1taf students. No ~porntment 
necessary, t:>ut ~ IS ao.tlsable to call first to confirm that the 
sessIOn IMH be held In the Student Cen£l'I'. Bldg. A 452-
4939 
'0.(10.11,00_ - ~ Language Pl'ogramLevef 1& 11 -
ThIs O'-'SIS program focuses on the Ihlnklng SkIllS you 
nee<! to successfully h.<ndIP the readIng iIOd Wrrtlng tilSkS 

The Weekly 
Calendar 

ORGANIZAnONAL 
MEETINGS 
~Y 
........ -~ Coop Meebng. Nrw members 
weIccme. In tile Che c • . 
... pM - ucso Coed Cycling Te .... fTftdng for all 
Itlose .-",ted. PIr_ attendl In HSS 1138. 
1UUDotlY 
........... - First Ald L«ture. OJting C~. In tile 
11K C¥n Cont. lim. 
....... ""Y 
'100 pM - UCCC -l..\'1MrsityofCalibnia Chess C~. 
~ for play-off. NxNe Student lounge. 
,...... pili -Gay Men's Support Groupl Open to all 
men woo are gay. bisexual or quedoning their sexuality. 
Iting )UK own Ideas for discusSIOn topics. Sponsored Ily 
I.AGO. ~ TCHB 141. 
THUIllDAY 
, .100 _ - MusK Cornrnonre meetll'1g for lil-..ty 
~. Klelmonm IS 11/10. Don't be ~. Get rr1IIOIIooedIln 
l../rvve'sny E--.ts Office 
.... pili - Find OUI whal n AsIan Paotic Studenl 
AI"arx:e is <tingl Come 10 the General Meeang. Be therel 
All Intl'l'<Sted students welcome. For RDre info call 452· 
2048. Ask for 8rad or Alex. In the IItlrth ConI. Rm. 
... .... - Art for Ml'I'nar~ Spaces meets INefY 
Thursday al IhIs tIme to drsruss and organze for (he 
showing of l.I1dergraware Art on and oil campus 
Intl'l'estl!d? Come talk to us. or see OJ. in tile 'vis. Arts 
OIIiee. 2nd rtoor Mandl'lnlle CI'I'1II'1' outside 1Asua/ Arts 
Office. 
'100 .... - If 42 Is your number. D'lRK ST NI is your 
space. In tile _le Informalloungl'. 

~Y 
....... -lIVar/F<nasygamers: Hale _got ameetlng 
for you. lIVe accomodate 10 all tastes. All you need to bong 
IS yourself to APM 2101 today R.P. l4X'" ~t. 

2.0.4100 pm - Lecture Notetaklng - lin iM'rage 
BA/BS program IMII include over 1.000 hours of lecture 
trmel IrAIl you gel tile most out of those hours7 ThIs 
workshop wllllmprOlie your IrStl'l'llng ability. develop your 
notetaklng skll~. and Introduce the extraordInary mastery 
learning systl'l'll - a wifj 10 imprO\le your recall as It cuts 
oown on study bored:lm. Sponsored Ily the OASIS 
ReadIng & Study Skills Cl'I'1tl'l'. In the Conf. Rm 81dg 8 .• 
SlUdent Center. 
4100 pm - Pte-Dental 0r,entatron - Overvrew 01 
Dental School admlSSrons polICIes and dental careers In 
the North Confl'l'ence ~m 
THURSDAY 
11100 ___ - Frnding tile HIdden ..roo Marker 
80% d all JOb vaGlncll'5 are ul'lirllerrrsed. This \MlI'kshop 
WIll teach you a wifj to find out about them. In the Revelle 
Formal lOunge. 
2,4.4100 ". - Interestl!d In health profrssfons? 20 
minutes prll/ate apporntments for career planning .a<:Mce 
lor students Intl'l'esled In health careen. Call In ao.tance 
for apporntmenr. t:>ul no 9111'1' than one ~. Health 
Serene .. Adliisory Program 452-4939. 
..... ........ - Graduate SctlooI InformatJon SesSIon 
- Recruiters WIll dscuss .anissions and MBA program at 
Stanford. In Garren Aud (8SS 1I0Sl 
.. IDAY 
.100 __ .I ...... - Stanford Graduate Sdloof of 
8US1ness - reuUllers will disruss admissions and MIlA 
program at Stanford. In the Informal loungt'. Revelle . 
,0. ....... _ - Your Skins - Your Career. ThIs 
workshop ~ you idI'nIlf,! and artlCu/a[e your skIlls -
and relate them to particular carel'l'S In the RNefIe Formal 
lounge. 
'.,10-" ... _ -Intl'l'estl!drn the heafth professIOns? 
20 ""nutes prIVate ~ntments lor career plannrng 
advrce for students Interestl!d In health careers Call In 
advance for a,.polntment. t:>ut no eilllll'l' than one week 
Heakh ScIences M-/ISOry Program 452-4939 In the 
Student CE'nler. Bldg A 

asSIgned In your courses. It IS designed lor those who 
want 10 perfect their EnglISh 1ang..Jage skills LP dasses are 
ta.rgtrr by readong and writing speciafists and blNnguai 
tutors. LP IS pre5l'1'1ted by tile OASIS IiVrltlng Cl'I'1tl'l' and 
tile oo.5lS ReadIng CI'I'1II'1'. In USB 4060-8 
'OIIO- ... JO _ - Inrl'l'\llewlng SkIlls lIVorkshop. Do 
)OJ need help In preparIng for job intl'l'Vlev.is · Some tips on 
the beSlWays to presentyourqUilllficatJons and what kInd 
of intennew to elCpeCt. In (he Revelle Formal LDungt'. 
11100 _ - Searchrng lor that valuable car"", level 
IMlrk experrence? Do an AS Intl'l'nsI'lIpI8ut.)OJ rrust do It 
todifj becaJSe lhe dead/me for ""'"tl'l' quarter Intl'l'nshlpS 
In this Frrday /10/28) For more Info call 452-46119. or IliSlt 
our oIIiee In tile Student Cenll'l' game room. 
11100 ___ - The Spanosh IXIOrkshop is a new 
leature 01 lhe oo.5lS l.arlgJage Program. It is desrgned 

marn~ for students who are wnting paper> or othor class 
asSIgnments In Spanrsh. Students not workIng on specIfic 
papers. but who would like to perf«! their wnting ability 
in Spanish. are also welcome. !he Workshop will 01lW a 
II1ique opportunrty for students to edit their own paprrs. 
and seek consIructlYe altldsm h'om their peers. It WIll also 
provide darrlicatlonofgramrnar. mecnanrcs. andSl'l'ltence 
and paragaph SITUIlIn. ~wrlting dscuSSlons. When 
necessay. WIll be CDrl(l,aed in Spanrsh Students may 
anl'l'ld on r~lar or occasional basis. according to ther 
needs. Sponsored Ily IhI! O'\SIS lM1guagr Program. In 
US8 40]0. 
, ... 2JOO .... -!he CuitlIalissues DrsculSltln Hour is 
an inIormal exchangr ., wIlIch a WIde range 01 
intl'l'dos4>inary topIC drawn from difll'l'l'rlI rulluraf 
contexts WIll be """""ned and diswssed. Concepts and 
termrnology in modern artistIC and pllrlosophrcal trends 
WIll be dlSQlssed and darllied Sponsored Ily the oo.5lS 
Language Pl'ogram In US8 4070. 
lJOO..lO .... - GradrMte~lslng Senlnar P1annrng 
on graduate schOol? For .,formatron on applicatIon 
procedures. leners of recommtndalron statement of 
purposes and admISSIOns mterr". anend one of these 
semrnars by SIgning up .u the Student Center. 81dg A 

CROSSVVDRD ANSWERS 
ACIIOSI - I. CJ\STOR S. UIDOER 9. BUffET II. UP 12. MJT 13 IGlOO 14. CHAA 15. PINE 16. CS. 
17 JE\IIIEI. 19. IS 20 UI\AB 21 CHINTZY 22. FRET 26. OI\K 27. NlM 28. REED 32. LOW 34. N£ST 
35. BED 36. OIIESSER 38. FlUTED 39. CHIPS 

REUGIOUS 
FUNcnONS 
~ - I. CANED 2 SEmE 3 08 4. RUSH 5. LEG 6. ATlAS 7. DROI'lEAF 8. RUNNER 10. FIR 
M. CHEST 16. COMMODE 18. WINGS 20. LYRE 21 CA8lNETS 23 RAIL 24. ER 25 TM 28. REGENT 
29. EGG 3O. ,t\SH 31. BEECH 33. IIVAIIE 37. SAP 

OtHER 
MOMMY 
,...... .... - C'*- Chorus. ChInese Student 
As1odatIon. In IhI! tnrl Ceru<. 

~Y 
,.. .... - UCSD Soa1ng C~.-.ng1O Nn to Iyb' 
tess thrI ~ - came to IhI! mee!tIg for dNIII. 
hi FIr. SCudrr1t Cenrer A 
..... hAY 
-.....2IR .... -Wndt 1mn 1IorIng?8rown BIg it 
Ihts ~ wIh IhI! ~ and Cl)rwNc .... 
1liii' d Ph. 0 ~ Coondng 
SeMcs. Delllngwlh .......... lUCCSSlltd/or .... 
CoIIft seNed. Sponsored Ily ~ SCudrr1t Cenrer IIIdg. 
8.. Nonn COflII!n!ru. 11m. 
..... ,.. - Pall DIemIn.1'beuy IIeIdng. In IhI! IIM* 

~fonnaI Lounge. 
.... pili - Open I'OeCIy IIHdIng. Ole Care. Donatlon. 
fIIIDoIIlY 
,.. ..... "Sklde Cell AnemIa" IISSO. In Hl Aud. 

ENiERTAINMENT 
~Y 
, ..... - "UIcl! a 1\IQ on Its Bade" UCSD Int'i Film 
Sr!ries. In AKA G'\ Ss, studMrs/sr dt S3. 
JaIl .... - "Ni!rrt In CasatIIanc.1" GMC. In lUi 104. 
~. 
..... -""y 
........ Senor: UCSO Cont!rr4Joraty Music Ensemble. 
WOIIcS Ily E.E. CunmIngs. EIIInr Barkin. J.C Francois. Joil 
'IUasa. Ben JoInIon. and Edgard Var_. In AKA GIl $3. 
UCSO studMrs 51. 
........ - "Or! Her ~ty's 'i«rl'l Service" PlEA In 
USB 2722. J'.cImissIon SI.15. 

,...~y 

, ........... - HallOween Bash. Magrc Show. SCB. In 
n Pub Free. 
.... .e.. ,.. - Rtn ·'PO/Il'I'gelSl". RI'II. In tile 
RewlIe Cafe I\dmIsssion SI.. 

"'pIII-KlndHNrtsandCoronets~inFimSeries. 
In USB 2722. AdmIssion SI. 
....... - Speaker Frank IrAlklnson Film' "")OJ lDve 
ThIs Planet". In HL Aud Free 
Rlllh&Y 
,... pili - Film ''NiCoias & AleJcandra" CIIVD. In USB 
2722. Free 
,... ........ - band: TIle Odds. SC8,IFIJb. Free. 
..... 0000 .... - "Harold & MaxIe". Clrde t( In HSS 
2250. Mnrssron Sf. 75. 
........ - IIjor).sedst dance. lAGO. In the Che Ca~. 
~. 
Mn.tAY 
,... .... - ChInese rTIOIIies. CSA. In TlH 107. Free. 
IUNIMoY 
.... .... - Dunbar Concert. Music. In MeA Free. 
CaMrrla 
....... - Masters PerCUSSIOr'l RecItal. IXIOrks Ily Sean-
Charles Frarx:ots. EIIkX Carrero and Stuart SmIth. In MCI'\ 

~ 

MOMMY 

MONDAY 
........ - CathOlic Mass. Sponsored Ily tile CathoiK: 
Communily at UCSO MondiIy-Fnday. In tile l.I'lillerSIty 
lulhoran Ch-Jrch 
6100 .... - ~ Chnstian Sdence'Organization WIll hold 
its ~~ InSpIratIOnal rT1('eting at 6 pm in tile Revrfle 
Informal Lounge. !VI are warrrly invited. 
71. I .... - Car'r9us Crusade for Christ .~ Break". 
Sp«IaI meeting - Dr. Sune L)lltell. Pres. of the 
ScandanaIIIarl CIYistJan u.-sity. sprak"'9 on '''!he 
IoM)rtc:I Cnsis". Also. "1m & r8estlrnents. In tile 
MnnslTatlOn C~ III-A 
1UUDotlY 
....... - Catholic: Discussion Group. In tile Lounge. 
liwmiIy li.I!heran Church. 
.... SMy 
....... - SIudMt Suflper ~ Ily tile li.Ithoran 
Cc:Ir'Mu'*Y at UCSO. No mervaions neassary. In tile 
Lounge of ~ WtIleran Ouch. 
....... -lillie study led Ily IhI! Lutheran Community at 
UCso. Topk: .'C~" In IhI! IDunge of l..t'1iIIersiIy 
lutheran ou.n 
,... .... - IntI!f-IIIrSIty 0Yisdan FefIowstip. Comr for 
a great a- d mgtng. shinng and meeri1g 1*lI*. 

~ Is WI!Icornr. III. tIleCloud's lest on AollIr College. 
..... .... - CandIIII!tC mass. !ipcnored Ily IhI! 
CaItd: CamuWly at UCSD. In n U'1IIotmIly LlAtWan 
0VI1I. 
7HI 4., 
........ -~ COI'IIeSt and studMrclmer. Comr 
In )'01' fMIrR ~ gft'i.Op. SpOIISQfed Ily n 
CatholIc CamuWly at UCSO. AdmisslonI SI.50. In n 
IDI.W9 d n ~ ~an Ch.Jn:tt 
,... .... - CaIhoIIc SIudertc IIbe ~ CiroI.tp. In n 
I.InM!niIy luctrran Church. 

M~Y 
........ - CatholIc Mm. Sponsored Ily tile CiIIhoIic: 
Communily at UCSD. III. tile U'IM!nly lulhoran Chu<th. 
IUNIMoY 
.. _ - CaIhoIIc Mm. Sponsored Ily tile CiIIhoIic: 
Communily at UCSO. In tile u-slty Lulllrran Church 
..... _ - ".A.IstlIc&Iiln IlyFatn" wIIIllI!presenlrdlly 
CafI1IUS h5tGr John HuDe'. In tile IDunge of tile 

~ l.utt1!ran Ouch. 
.... _ - UIhoIc MIls. SpOIISQfed Ily tile CaIhoIic: 
Comrnunky at UCSO. In tile Nonn Cont. IIIn. Student 
Cerar IIdrJ. B . 
n .. _ • , ....... - wctII!ran WIIIIcr of Holy 
Communion with ~tor John Hub« preaching. 
1IImei .... to IUn"l doclcs biock onr hour tile nq. beforr. 
In tile lkMnly Wttleran C/U'ch 
........ - Catholic MIls. Sponsored Ily tile CaIhoIic: 
CDmrIU'AY at UCSO.1n the U'IM!nly Luchrran Church. 

SERVICES/WUORKSHOPS 
.... ,.. - Educational Perspectile a f'aneI of 
PI'o~ disOJssIng how to use your UCSO eWcatlOfl (0 
IlfttI!r our CIlITIII1llMles. In Hl Aud. 

~Y 
............ - 00 you wanl (0 tcnow PlOfI' atJout 
sexuality and birth corcrol?1f so. attend tile blrtn control 
InIOrmatJon sesslon on _ Tuesday or IIV~. 
IIDth ma/r and IrmaIe students are welcome. Ses$ion ~s 
strongly s~ for \IVomI'I'1 ·s Clinic patll'l'ltS and their 
piIIT1erS. t..ecurene and ct5cussron format. In tile Studenl 
HNlth SenIus. t.pStairs Ioungr area. 
............ - C~s BIaclc Forum - ThIs is an 
Ini:IrmaI doSQIuion goup centered on Issues. concerns 
and (he quality of l~dtlleBlaclc communrty at UCSO It is 
an open. ongoong goup. and students can jotn arl)I time . 
I'hiI Raphael and bIlefle Bastll'l'1, Cour\SeIrng and 
¥1OIogiCaI SfMces. laoIoIatoo. Meets In tile Mt \IIew 

~ of the Md College Apts. Students woo would 
like more info can call eiIIler PhIl at 452- 3035 or Rochelle 
at 452-3755; otherwise they can .JUSt shJ,N up at tile 
meetIngS. 
1.1 •• , •• p.. - OvercomIng ProcrastInation 
WOrkshop - Open to all undergraduate and graduate 
studrna. this workshop Is desq1ed to. help partlcrpants 
OI'ercome their reluctance to "get things done." ~ 
workshop WI. focus on tile ca.rses of detay and >tructured 
ways of construct~ CM!rcomtng this ~. 
Intl'l'aalon WIth OCher ~ WIll be part of eacn 
srssion. led Ily I-t.J!fl Pares at the ~ PI'oIIost's oIIk:e. 
Calillecca at 452-3755 to S9l up. 

,",~Y 
I .. '.10 .... - General Counseling Uroup -IS being 
ofIered Ily Counseling and ~ SeMas for 
sludents wro are ... ereskd rn I'lIpIoring their IMIngs 
about ~ ...,." school rNtionships. lItd/or IamrIy 
problems. tnter~ SIUdInCs sr10UId call1aoIIaIors S-

It~ at 452-3755 or Cannir Brunig at 452-3585 for 
more in4brrnaI«Jn and to SIgn up. /\ANts at Hl 1003. 
........ - Ihursday and Friday Profmor Getald L 
Bruns. Dept. of£ngllsh.l.IniIIersIty 01 Iowa wlltectlleon. 

"~ HermmNtiCs of TMt .. Telling". "~ Truth of 
500_" In T'C"*I 142. 



Caruso 

An impressive techno logical 
journey began over three decades ago 
at Hu ghes Aircraft Company. Today . 
with more than 90 diverse 
technologies ra nging frolll ub·mi c ron 
elec tronics to large scale syste ms, 
you ' ll find Hughes people forging new 
discover ies, new futures. 

Become part of th e Ilughes 
tradition of tec hnological firsts , if your 
degree is in : 

Electrical, Mechanical, 
Manufacturing or Industrial 
Engineering, Computer Science, 
Physics, Electronics Technology. 

Req uirements may vary . Check 
with your placcment office about 
Hu ghes compa ny -widc opportullitic~ 
at any on(' of t 2 Sou thern Californlil 
loca tions <Jilt! Tucson . ArilOna . 

-
-

IU P you KNOW T1I 
you HIHIE", flltf TO 
5IJffM.HIy.' C.O/'tf #ffllf 
~'I>II /JOT rHlfDU6H 

Hughes representatives 
will be on campus 

November 7 
(See your placement office 

for an appointment.\ 

Or contact Hughes Corporate College 
Relations , Dept. NC, Bldg. C2/BI78 , 
P.O . Box 1042 , El Segundo, CA 90245. 

Crt'afmfl a n~lf u'urld IfIlh t'lt('trUtun 
r----------------- -, 
I I 

:HUGHES : 
I L __________________ J 

HUGHES A I R C RAFT CO M PANY 

Equal Opportunity Employer 
Proof of U.S. Citi/l'nship Required 

ON CAMPUS 

by Klier Midtentl ... 
continl.l£d from 13 . 
Fear at my hean, as at a cup, 
My lifeblood seem'd to sip! 
I sweat enough to fill a moat, 
And in the lining of my coat 
My fountain pen did drip -
Till I discovered ink had let 
and I figu~d out my cleaning debt 
(Including taX and up). 

One after one by the dying sun 
(Too quick for groan or gape) 
Each dipped his pen In acid ink 
And fiUed his form from CAPE 

Then aU of those left in that class 
(And there came nor gape nor groan) 
Turned twice as many glittering eyes 
On the prof when they were done. 

One after another, his class matts flu this 
life, but Lifc-in-Death begins her work on 
the poet. 
The sun's rim dips; the spirits shout; 
A moaning's heard far off. 
And ten or twenty souls rush out 
By the impending prof. 

The souls did from their bodies fly, 
They fled to foul or fair, 
And every soul, II passed me by 
As the prof held me in my chair.' 

H ..... OIi-TlllleI 
Make written assignments 
pro~1 and error free wittI 
our INOf'd processing and ~ 
quality printer. 
-. App_ & eo .... a .... 
............ S4/hour (& up, In ~ 
hour segmet lIS. I'InI ........ 
... c ... wIIh bdl" I.D. 
Informal adIIice or formal classes. 

~ lD Ralph's & ~ 8IMr1y Hills SaIlings. 
"'--453-7415_-. .. 

Sell us your car! 

SllfJlERftJlu.ra 
AUTO SALES 

693-1165 or 698-3736 
Ask for Joe 

()croDer 24, J 983 17 

Tritons still sitting atop the poll 

Northridge spikes UCSD at the Pavilion 
By GREGORY MACCRONE 

In travelling the mo~ than 100 miles 
south to the Triton Pavilion, the 
California State University Northridge 
women's volleyball squad was to meet a 
Triton team that has won four of its last 
seven meetings with Division II teams 
this year. Undaumed and definitely 
unafraid, the number two ranked (in 
Division II) Matadors proceeded to 
dismantle the well-oiled UCSD volleyball 
machine in straight games by scores of 
15-8, 15-11, and 15-3. 

Bright spots were numerous for the 
Tritons, however. Led by Karin Kalk, 
with eight, UCSD chalked up 25 kiUs 
during the comes!. Kristin Kilbourn. 
Molly Wheatley, and Debbie Doran had 
seven, six, and four kiDs, respectively. 
Kilbourn also notched the lone Triton 
service ace. 

The loss may have instilled a bit of 
humility in the Triton women, who have 
now lost two matches in a row to 
Division I UC Santa Samara and now 
Nonhridge. And if indeed the players 
have been humbled, they should nOl be 
disappointed, for the competition has 

~en tough and the quality of play they 
have encountered superior. Scheduling 
teams of this caliber has been of 
primary concern to Coach Doug 
Dannevik and his staff. "The need to 
improve every week is crucial. To 
challenge players individuaUy and as a 
team unit and to see them respond to 
these challenges is what makes us 
tough." 

"Tough" is probably the most fining 
word to describe UCSD's play. This 
year, the team is undefeated in its 
division with wins over the third, 
founh, and fifth ranked schools in the 
nation . A match with number two 
Occidental takes place later this year. 
During the last three seasons, including 
the 1981 campaign when they won the 
national championship, the UCSD 
women have lost only two matches 
while winning 28 in divisional play. 
Those twO losses were at the hands of 

the University of La 'Veme during that 
school's 1982 championship season. 
Dannevik thinks that La Verne, like 
UCSD in 1982. emered the season this 
year with expectations of easily 
repeating their championship ways. 
Their complacency, he believes, will be 
their downfaU. 

According to Dannevik, the team is 
definitely up for the upcoming match 
against La Verne this Saturday at the 
Pavilion . The coach believes that the 
much talked about "revenge" aspect of 
beating La Verne for last year's loss in 
the NCAA finals is a moot point. 
Whether that is true or not depends 
upon each individual player, but the 
quality being cultivated by Dannevik 
and crew is reason enough for self-
assurance. A case in point is the play of 
freshmen Sue Anders, Usa Lunhow and 
Monica Bradley, who are cu~ntly filling 
in for the inju~d Lori Lunhow. The 
three a~ bettering their skills and 
gaining "invaluable experience" for 
future post-season play. Lunhow, 
meanwhile, wiD be out of action for the 
next th~e weeks with a stress fracture 
in her leg. Her inspi~d., will be 
missed. as the freshman has alrrady 
become a mainstay on the Triton squad. 
"(As the) team Improves every week into 
a championship-caliber team, we begin 
to recognize more clearly those areas in 
which we still need to bener ourselves," 
says Dannevik. 

Executing correcdy in key situations 
is a problem for the Tritons, as is, In the 
words of Dannevik, "recognizmg mental 
and physical aspects and errors of the 
game. To play within our limitations 
should be our goal. It aU derives from a 
lack of experience," which probably 
should not be construed as something 
negative. Experience will come in time, 
and with the abundance of young talent 
on the team (seven of the 12 players are 
either freshmen or sophomores). this 
group of young women cannot help but 
succeed under the guidance of 
Dannevik. 

QUALITY MOTORING 
ACCESSORIES 

_AI WINDOW 
LOUVRES r' ~. I " ,\ I' ~ 

, ,- ~ 

HEAVY DUTY 
SHOCKS 

CAR COVERS 

STEERING WHEELS BOOKS · EXHAUST SYSTEMS 

PERFORMANCE Ut'ORLD 
yrpaYNl·7160 Miramar Road 

571-7011-next to McDonald's 
SAN DIIQO-355O University Ave. 

»&-1109-3 blocks east of 805 

Special Discount lor Studenls/Slall/Facully at UCSD 
WltbTbilM 

bpUw NonmbIr 34. 19a. 

" 51 ' 
" ..., 

.2., 
-e: 

~ 
Q 
C 
-" 

"-

A relaxed Kristin Kilbou";; and an intense Debbie Dewan appear to be playing in two separate 
games, but both were involved in UCSD's loss to Div. /l's number two ranked CSU Northridge Friday. 

A Wowed Event... UCSD 
Graduate & Professioaal 

School Day 
Admissions representatives from graduate and professional 

schools from California and throughout the nation will be 
available to anS\ver questions and distribute admissions 
materials. Students from an San Diego colleges and universities 
are invited to join us. 

Spedal recruitment efforts will be made to recruit ethnic 
minority undergraduates. 

~October 24~ 
L~~~~ am • 2:OOr~_J Studeat Center Rump 

.. O ...... 'r-
Career Planning & Placement Center / UCSD School of Medicine 

OIBce of Graduate Studies and Research 

i 

J 



18 OcrOMr 2'1, 1983 
SPORTS 

• • '.. ,'~'. ,~'. " , • '. 4 .I •• 

~ Running Thoughts 
By JEFF SAVAGE and MIKE GREENBERG 
WHAT'S GOING ON HERE DEPT_ UCSD Intercollegiate athletic teams have enjoyed 
a great. deal of success thus far this season. The men's soccer team is off to a flying 
stan WIth a superb 12-2-3 record . The men's water polo team, prior to Friday's loss to 
Pepperdine, was ranked 17th in the nation and the women's volleyball team sits on 
top of the Division III national poll. While the soccer team's success is a new 
experience. the volleybaU and water polo teams have established nothing short of mini-
dynasties. So which of these two teams can be considered as UCSD's most successful 
team? Neither. Whether anyone knows it or not, there is a team at UCSD which has 
gone undefeated for two seasons in a row. It's the surf team. and they suffer from a 
classic case of dominance without prominence. How bad is it? Last year the squad was 
ranked first on the West Coast when the season ended and was invited to the NSSA 
Nationals. How did UCSD's s,urfers do? I have no idea," says Sports Information 
Director Judy Malone. "It seems that they don't want publicity because they don't tell us 
how they've done and we don't have time to look into it" This year, the SU\;[ team is 
completely up in the air because five-year coach Mike Shand has relieved himself of 
his coaching duties and moved 10 Puel10 Rico. With the start of the season only twO 
mo'ttths away, some members of the team are ge tting rather nervous because a new 
coach has yet to be selecled. Athleli Director Judy Sweet handles coaching changes 
but hasn't looked into the situation as of yet. "We have at least ten applicants, but to 
be perfectl>' honest, I don't know anything about It. I've jusl been so busy I haven't had 
the time .. " weet IS confident that there will mdeed be a team thts year. 

NOT TO BE BELIEVED DEPT. It is a sad stale in athletics when 32 of 52 Lincoln 
High School football pla>'e rs are ineligible 10 play thls season because they failed to 
achieve a 2.0 grade po int average . Smce the C grade rule Vias implemented in 
California high sc hools, footbaD players have been dropping Out of programs hke flies , 
as evidenced at Lincoln. Obviously the measure is a good one, because it makes 
ath letes conscious about their grades, so they will be able to go to college instead of 
look for a Job out of high school. Hah! 
ON THE AIRWAVES DEPT. Has Channel 8 , the station that says it "loves us," lost 
Its marbl S7 First it hires former Charger Jim Laslovlc to do weekend spans, and now 
Hal Clement, the man Laslovtc replaced, is anchoring the weekend telecasts. Why in 
the world do television executives hire Ihese ex-jocks anyway? Half of them are 
Illiterate , and the other half can barely read the teleprompter. As for Clement, his on-
air technique made him an Diego's best sportScaster. but he simply is not suited for 
anchoring. 

NEXT QUESTION PLEASE DEPT. Thursday's question: What are the four fastest baU 
speeds in spons? Jai -alai (fastest speed recorded , 188.60 mph), tennis (163.6), golf 
(123), and pmg-pong (106.48), Today's question: What UCSD athlete went undefeated 
in his four year college career? 
COULD IT BE DEPT. Although coaches are paid to take risks, Derrick Armstrong, 
UCSD's mens soccer coach , has taken things to the ex treme. Apparently Armstrong, 
who is from Great Britain , must not be entirely familiar with NCAA rules. Otherwise he 
would have known that It is illegal to have professional athletes on college teams. Two , 
of Germany's finest players are currently playing left wing and right fullback on the 
Tritons. No wonder UCSD IS enjoymg one of its best seasons ever. 

~ ALL DUAJIDmNTS ~ 
U.C.S.D. purchase orders accepted 

RUS/I ORDfRS NAlLABU - PICK-UP AlYD DfLIVfRY 

UCSD Surf Team: 
Dominance Without Prominence 

r-----------·---·-----------------~ : 'THE TOGUITCUPlI ': 
I Next to BiRDen M.rkrt & The PoatOfflcr in Univn-sill' Cill', Comer of Governor Dr. & Rqcnts Rd I 

: Chocola~ VORS: Raspb.:rry ONE FREE TOPPING: 
I Boys<nberry Pralin~'N'Cr~lm I 
I Chocolatl! Mint Vanilla j V VTC I 
I Lemon Strawberryched«ak~ I.e IgUg I 
I StrawberrY Mocha r I 
I Pumpkin P~anut Butter I I 
I Coconut Blut!berrych..-ekCak~ I 
: Call us for daily flavors: iS7 -2339 ~,:" o-mor 0.. : 

11689 Sorrento Valley Road 1827 Fifth Averoe I THIS COUPON GOOD FOR ONE FREE SMALL TO,PPlNG I 
San Diego. California 92121 San Diego, California 92101 I WITH THE PURCHASE OF ANY YOGURT I 

453-5115 239-4433 I Expirt$ Nov. i. 1983. Only 2~ Miletl Away! One Coupon per Cuatomer I 
lliiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiill: Opt.'n Mon-11lU 1O:30am-9:30pm. Fri-Sat 1 0:30am-10:OOpm, Sun 11 :OOam-9:00pm : 

Holiday Cooking Worubops 

Buffet Catering 

Deportment of Physical Education 
x4007 

'1lII!'> a !lOIiI' \\'orl(!'>ho(l \\'111 
t'ollt'nU rult' 011 Iht' It'dllli-

'111~'~ of' l~lol<llIg li.1' II l'l'O\\'II . 
\\,,,' \\'iII (l1'''' PIlI''' & tii-;(lluy 1I 
IlIlIdl"o\l (& l'UI II of' 
t'OIlI'~l· !) . 'I'll,' urt "f' 
J,!al'llbllilll-( & Ille !'>I<ill of' 
1'1I1'l'iJa!'>ing \\'illl ... • ... 11't'~~,·d . 

Ikl'ip,·~ & hll.,·11I1-( I-(lIick!'> 
illl'iwkd . 

October 29 
10-1 pm $9 

---

L W ... ·r ... now acc ... pting applications (rom UCSD Srud..-nts - • ---------------------------------~ 
SOFT CONTACT LENSES 

One Hour Service in most CaKS 
INCLUDES: 
Contact lenses, examination, 
patient training, foflow up, 
chemical care kit and fitting. 
EXTENDED MAl LINSII 
ONLY tI65.oo 

THE CLASSICAL EYE 
DR. AOIEItT HEUER OPTOMITIUST 

La Jolla Village Square 
(Inside the Meli l.o¥Ier Level) 

8657 Villa La Jolla DrIve • Suite 136 
451-7374 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
The UCS> MECHMtCAl ENGI~RING CUJ8 "-" 
on T~t.-7 pm UH6201". food. __ . andASME 

, ~ appIIcaIb .1Ao111 be C\/OIIcmIa (1O/2A) 
~ ~: liaIIc • .--. pa1y In Me: IWn\ 2 
baldI. cbldng. fun. (00IIumIt opItonaI) sat, 0c1. 
29 '83. auv tldcetl roN. (10/24) 
~ ___ CoIturneI. Create YQIf awn unique 
COItume from 0JI1aIge IllleCtIon at wIga. hall and 
old dOII'lIna. ltvtft \IIIIagIt. 7011 lkIdo \1IIa Ret so; 
750 12th. SO; 7tt75111aac:lwov. Lemon Gro./e; 300 W. 
MaIn. Et Ccljon. (10(27) 
All banda. lIINItect In pIartng the ,.,....1IattIe at 
the IandI "... conIacI DI:Md at 5tJ0.0819 otter 
5:30 pm ~ IecMt ~ w/ VcIam at RewIIe 
ProvaIt omc.. (10/27) 
Anyone • ,lertwtwd In YiI/Itng the l.\'lMnItv at Bqa 
CalIIomIo In er.nodo on ~ 5th IIlouId 
contact the RweIIe Dean'1 0III0e at 452-3493. We 
will 00 bV bul and IIiIIIIt1eIr lobi and I1'I88t IOIT1e at 
their lludentaond toc:utv, SponIOII8d bV the rte.eIIe 
lhlrd WlIIdAltionce. (10/31) 

SERVICES 

lYI'ING - FaIt. accurate. high quality, same day 
58IIIice lor under 5 pages work. NearUCSO. Call Fer'( 
at tel. 452-1393. (10/27) 

~ HAIR REMOIIED ~V near 
COfT¥IUI. La Jolla ~ Center. 8950 VIla La 
Jolla Dr. &JIfe 116O-C Call lor appt 453-7040. (617) 
Star WOrd! IypIng and word proceuIng. 9580 8Ik. 
Mtn Rd. StoG. Term papers. 1'-AIIIypIng needL 

5~1. (10131) 
TVRNG - Term papers. ~ "- 111M 
Carr. SeIec. ReaIoIiCIbIe rat .. JaneOtdt. 45&0127. 
(11/10) 

~ ~ W!teItw» term pqJIII. fheIII, Flo 
SamuIII ~11168. Ten yr. -.cp. (11/10) 

FOR SALE 

Ralph Lauren Polo. NIeman-MarcuL other great 
nan--. Men's suits. jackeII. shIrtI. IkIc. lias worn 
babe - 10 Ita yours Cheap. All ~ sf\II8I a. 8IC 
COl dttOI, CNeI 200 IUiII and jadeeh. Call for IIZ8I a. 
prIoeI. 459-5232. (10/27) 
Red 1968 F1aI124 sport cor1\9fabIe. New pains. top. 
ftreI a. rebuilt engine Vet'f sharp! Mc:Mng a. rnJIt 1811. 
560-0257 _ . l1m. (10/24) 
0le\II0IeI atatton wagon '67 blue. MIl great. good 
engine. great IraI i$pOIIatlon. Good lor houllng. $350. 
48S0825 Maryann. A IfeaI at that prioe. (,10127) 
1976 Plymouth I'vrON blue, good gal mileage r\.IlI 
~ 51600 01 belli oller call 287-7787 -*9. 
(10/24) 
1976A1a Romeo sPdarVeIoce50000mIIeI~1NI 
such a deall ColI 589-0959. (10/24) 
66G1Ui1::'f 500 $400",..,,". ~ 1Klnt.. rwNtia CoIl 
Bob 453- 1997. (11/3) 
Double bed. Good condition. $75/000. 457-3001. 
(10/24) 
Twin lIED. InctudeI matIlas and box !Pring. 8areIv 
u.1 575 ~ belli. 457-4951. (10/24) 

WANTED 
CMASEAS .as -~ 1 -,.or rant Euq:;e. S. 
1V'rwI .. AultralIO. AlIa. All Fieldl. S/iO().$1200monIhIv. 
Slght.elng. Ffee Info. ~ 1JC b 52 - CA - 19 
Corona DIll Ma. CA 92625. (10/27) 
INanlea SaIkn ~ 0I'i\I0rl8 who ~ a good ttmet 
JoIn the Sailing CUb and auIIe~ the quarter. 
MeetIng IhIIlhurIdav, 600 at N>M 2202. (10/24) 
wantect BondI lor r-.... Battle at the 8andI. A 
demo Iq)e 01 audfion I1I8QUIIeC1 PIec.e call Oavtd 
at 5iIO-0819 aIIw 5:30 pm 01 tea.Ie ~ w/ 
Valondo GarcIa at ~ P!O\IOII 0III0e. (11/3) 
INanIed - 2 cmzv IaCIiM. Mattnque 10 St. Vincent 
SoutI\ ''\\1nwaId 1IIandL· bJIh at US IAIgIn IIIandL 
44' IIocp. o.part lAX to MarItnIQue Nc7o!. 24 rwIum 
Dec. 13 ~OItake 2 daVlech wav ~paId. 
Chuck 942-5759. (10/24) 
Wanted 1I1u1t1a101. ~ line <*owings cMj:)k:t1ng 
bar-.... lingle 181 FacIal -.pMlio;;i, - a muafl 
ElIceIenI pof. Plus naIIcnot NICOQnIIIon. Send 
InfcImaI •• en to 'Nertaf s. MoIdow. PubIIIher. LoIf 
Call Mogazlne. PO Bao 941. DIll Ma. CA 92014. 
(10/24) 
TrCJnII)OItation !\'om -*'0 ~ and day 
-.Ions alao. Delpefate! Catl _ It you can a/Iat 
one rbf Of all. Y\Ionne 268-ge02 (10/27) 
Fern. roommate wanled to Share room Clmt area. 
5166. sIudIouI279-3443 (10/24) 

PERSONALS 
Pel. I had fun T~ night. too. VrAI,. atwava 
welcome at mv rou.. but \IOUI's and SB lCllClgne 
IOUndi \II ibeatablel I coo'f \010II. ~ and k .... 
(10124) 
DaIle Taylor - Let me f«JCh you all about phvIIcoI 
ch8mIItIV. Mat<be CNeI dIMer? - Lva. (10/24) 
Rude"*- Dance: Non en.. 0c1 29 Me gym 13. 
(OOIIurneopflonat). (10/24) 
Paul Schwartz - I reartv ~ IDIng .,.au \OIIlIc 
me 110m the Student CenI8r to mv car loll ¥&CJ'. 
Maybe _ COUld do I! egan fhII yea? 5cCI'ctycat. 
(10/24) 
InIOIenII aICId See them ctnfIIIOf. Sat 0c1. 29 NIC 
gym. (10/24) 
Snuggling puppieI arelOfUn toplafwllh.1..et'1 get In 
the doghouIe tonight... (10/24) 
Doug. GIno a. JosI'I -~on getting us 
(]I YOJI big IiIten. We knowyou'llaile lICE 01 much 01 
we dol Be 00I'CR. you don't knew what. when • at 
where _ mav strike! LooIclng forwad to the 

~ party. Love YOJI big ...... (10/24) 
n- WOI a vouno man tom UCSO. Who had too 
many job fantasies. Enlomologlst to Playgirl 
centerfold. WeIe some at the fhoucTill he would 
hOld. \kIfl WONEO ptaced the IIfTl)hOIII property. 
(10/24) 

Woma _ IOIT'o8Ihlng ,.atv rcay'I InIOIenll and 
nonatneI Sat Oct 29 NIC gym. (1(){24) 
Alpha Lew to our XI Pledge cIOII. .. onty 624 hours to 
initiation" l.aII at fun and upn..1n IIore In the nact 
'- weeki. 10 beware ... ~ fIom ADII. (10/24) 
Don'f mill the rMetIng that COUld change your 
IOCiaI life. Sail CUb meeII fhII ThuIIdav. 6.00 pm In 
APM 2202 - SIIdeI on _t 11;:1 to Catalina and 
Information on uPCOIT1ing adIIenfurlt and _Is. 
(10/24) 
Fall Quarter rush got YOJI head In a ctoud?Oon't tell! 
keep you 110m mIDng out on ~I 

Wonno lind oul why a AuIIIaIIa 2 won the America's 
cup? AoaI on CNeI to />I'M 2202 on 1hursdav at 6;00 
pm for more Info on the l.CSO SaIling CUb. (10/24) 

If You Could Hear Your footsies Ta'Ik, 
You Know They'd Ask ForBIRKENSTOCKI 

~~ 
\k~ ~ 

~ .. 
Slip into 81rkenstock Natural 
footprint Sandals and 6Joy 

new-found comfort Your toe 
aren't c~_ Your t-ftI is 

cradled in a gentle 04). And ~ 
remarkable fooEbed of COf1c and 
rubber molds ~ 10 ~ ~ 

of J'OUr ~ after just a ~ 
~arlngs. 

BIRKENSTOCK of uJol1a 
t t 11 PiOsped 

ACROSS 
I. Type of oil for wheels on furniture 5. 
Chair back useful for the upwardly 
mobile 9. Large pIece of dining room 
furniture used to hit people 11. Type of 
holstety often filled with down 12. Crazy 
thing whose wood is used for 
cabinetry IJ. Sort of house in whose 
furniture assets cannot be pennanendy 
frozen 14. Household matenal which 
domestics in England are hired to deal 
with (also a chair in some pans of the 
Midwest) 15. To grow ill over yearning 
for a cheap furnirure material 16. 
Theologian Lewis's two initials (a man, no 
doubt, with much to say about furniture as 
well) 17. Thing inlaid in the furniture of 
people with too many to wear (although 
I've never met any of them) 19. 
Uninteresting verb which happened to 
fit 20. Arm or leg on Victorian 
furniture 21. Little respected adjectival 
fonn of a common interior material 22. A 
sort of work on furniture that makes on 
watry 26. Furniture material, nor a 
transient from the Midwest 27. Chair's 
built-in weapon 28. Much perused floor 
covering (or am I thinking of 
rushes?) 32. The height of the lesser boy 
standing around the house 3i. Refuge 
for birds and occasionally tables 35. 
Politicians make them and then teU 
untruths in them 36. Wooden at home, 
littlc ,;Id ladies backstage 38. Musical 
dceonltion . possibly on a 
Duncan Phyfe 39. An old schoolmaster 
now the exclustve stuff of furniture 

DOWN 
1. . Punishment for a chair on its 
bottom 2. To sit down and spread 
oneself on a bench 3. A river in Russia 
which happened to spring up in my 
crossword 4. Quick way to make the seat 
of a chair 5. Immodest term with 
Victorian furniture 6. Where one would 
have to look for the aforementioned river 
in Russlll 7. A characteristic of tables 
common in the autumn 8, Athlete given 
to bracing furnirure legs 10. It would 
make a very uncomfonable coat. contrary 
to sound 14. Hollow ones nOt useful 
either for people or furniture 16. A 
convenient, umroublesome piece of 
furniture 18 . What birds, Paul 
McCanney and some chairs have in 
common 20. An untrustworthy chair 
back 21. Useful in most houses. 
troublesome in the White House 23. To 
use abusive language of a chair 24. After 
whom Elizabethan named (abbr.) 25. 
Some products have a benchmark, less . 
worthy ones another kind (abbr.) 28. A 
man who took over the power from the 
rightful owner during his furniture 
period 29. Often found, with dans, 
inflicting furnitute 30. A furniture 
material on which one would not be able to 
collect fire damage 31 . AnOther material, 
usuaDy found by the ocean 33. Its single 
claim to fame the Great Bed which comes 
from it 37. The foolishness that comes 
from wood 

A~onpGge15 

our a oween arty 
.--..--Deli Specials----=------tI 

6-foot Party Sandwich 
(serves 28+) 

Choice of kOlher Ityle meats &. cheeses $35 
Gourmet Meat. Cheeee &. Bread Tray $2 99 

and assorted relishes • per person 
Largest selection of boutique wines in San Diego in 

our temperature-controUed wine ceUar. 
Over 80 imported beers. 

Courtesy Liquors 
3963 Governor Or., next to Safeway 

'------453 ... 2621---~ 



-
.. 

Triton 
Team 

Update 
Men's Water Polo lost to Stanford 9-3, lost to 
Pepperdine 7-2. Next home match vs. CSU Los 
Angeles, Friday 3 pm. 
Men's Soccer (12-2-3) Defeated Pt. Lorna 2-0, 
defeated Cal Lutheran 6-0, tied Westmont 0-0. 
Women's Soccer (4-7-3) Defeated UC Irvine 2-
1. Next game at San Diego State Monday, 4 pm. 
Women's Volleyball (1 7-12) Defeated Biola IS-
S. 15-1 . 15-11. Lostto UCSanta Barbara 6-15 . 6-
15 , 16-14. 5-15. Lost to CSU Northridge 8-15. 
11 -15, 3-15. Next home match Saturday vs. La 
Verne. 4 pm . 

Students Can Now Qualify 
For a MasterCard. 

Qualifying for a MasterCard 
will never be 

this easy for you again. 
Fint National believes that students like you have unlimited 

potential. But even more than that, we believe in you ri&ht now. 
That's why we want you to know about the special relaxed 
requirements that enable college students to get a MasterCard. 

This is the easiest, fastest, and most certain way for students to get 
a MasterCard. And we prove it - by protecting you with an 
Unconditional Moneyback Guarantee. The MasterCard that you 
can receive is the same one that is honored by 3 million merchants 
worldwide - and you'lI have a credit line of at least 5300. 

ENJOY THE CONVENIENCE, SECURITY, 
AND 'PRESTIGE OF A MASTERCARD. 

But why do you need a MasterCard now? Here are just a few of the 
reasons why: 

ESTABLISH YOUR CREDIT HISTORY. The special re-
Ined requirements make this the easiest, futest. and most 
certain way for you to establish your credit history. In addition. a 
MasterCard is the perfect credit reference to get credit with 
merchants and department stores for T.V.'s. furniture. clothes, 
sporting goods. major appliances, and auto loans. So you are now 
able to build an excellent credit ratin, starting from scratch. 

SHOPPING AND TRAVEL CONVENIENCE. With a 
MasterCard. you have chalJe privile,es at more than 3 million 
places around the world. So you can travel. dine. or shop for 
things like a new stereo without carrying cash or having to worry 
about getting your check cashed wh-ere they don't know you. Or 
you can order mail-order gifts . . . reserve a hotel or motel room ... 
send nowers ... even reserve tickets to concerts. sporting events. 
and shows of all types. 

HELP IN AN EMERGENCY. Charge gas. car repairs, and 
servicing ... at home or while traveling. For medical bills. 
MasterCard is accepted by physicians. dentists, optometrists. 
hospitals. pharmacies, and v~terinarians. 

CHECK·CASHING CONVENIENCE. A MasterCard is the 
perfect I. D. to help you get your check cashed where they don 't 
know you. Or get a Cash Advance at more than 100.000 Banking 
lnstitutions around the world. 

CHOOSE YOUR OWN PAYMENT PLAN. You can pay the 
full amount of your bill at the end of the month. or If you prefer, 
you can extend your payments over 36 months on a revolving 
charge plan. Either way. you have the fleXibility thaI only a credit 
card can ofTer. 

. -----~ ..... 

ITS EASY TO GET STARTED. 
This is but a sample of what is available to you when you carTy a 
MasterCard. There is much, much mdre. and it's completely 
de$cribed in our Credit Card Service Guide you will receive - and it's 
all YOlln for just 530. And you take NO RISK; you're protected by 
First N ationa!' 5 Unconditional r.uarantee: if you should rail to act a 
MasterCard after followiAl, the simple step-by' step instnlCtions, you 
will receive a full refund. 

THERE'S NO BETTER TIME 
THAN RIGHT NOW TO APPLY. 

So if you'd like to take advantaae of these special relaxed require-
ments to get a MasterCard - take a moment riJht now to fill out the 
coupon and mail it to Fint National alona with your payment Thia 
could prove to be the most rewardin, investment you will make this 
year . .. and for many yean to come! 

Spedal Note: Because of constantly clla"li", c~dil conditio" .. 
and bank polidts. we a~ unable to lenow Itow 10", Ilti .. "p«ial 
program will continue 10 be in (/fecL Then/o,.., ~ u'le you ,,0'10 
delay. To ensure 11101 you gel your Ma .. ,erCarri. plea .. e ~ply 
promptly. 

....... MAIL NO·RISK COUPON TODAy •••••• 
Flnt National aa.eard, P.O. 80110715. S.d ... c.. 95161 
Yes! 1 "'ant 10 lab odvonla,e o/Ille special "ltlXed ", .. I"mef//s 11101 
enable sludenls 10 q .. olily/or a MasluCard 17te Maslt,card ojferttl in 
IlIis special program is lite same ont 11101 i, IIono"d by 1 million 
businesses around lilt ",orld, and is goodlor sllopp;n,. d;n;".. IT'IIH/in,. 
and CasH Ad,·ances. I am encioSlflg flO ",illl lilt undtnlfllHlln, 111011 alii 
also proltCltd hI' Fim Nalionol's Uncondilionol GuaT'llnl«: ifl/ail 10,,, 
a MosluCord after lo/lo"'ing lilt simplule~b.''>-slep inll".cl;on, olllliMfi 
in lilt Credil Cord Service Guidt. I ... i/l rective u prompl ondlull ,,/ .. nd. 

Print Name 

Address 
Cil)::1-______ State ..... ____ ZiPt<--___ _ 
School __________________ _ 

Phone ( Best time to cal .... 1 __ _ 

•................•..••..••••••••••• ~f.~ ••• • 

6 TV MonItors fOr 
MONDAY 

NIGHT 
FOOTMll 

Happy Hour 
extended 
until 9 pm 

Wei drInIcI $1.25 
Karnilc8zcs, WItermeIonf, 

r~MIr'9Ii_ 
Orange CruIh CU1n9 ,.. 

2~ hot doSS 
........... 

Hal (rook .JIzz OrcheStra 
after the CIIImC. ~------- .. -.. ---.. I for Oct. 24 orIf I 

I 3 DRAFT _ERS I 
: FOR SCM : 
I with this coupon uao I 

1~CiI~ ____ .. 

The Rodeo ~ louted on the corner 0/ L. JoIIe 
\/,11* Or & VItIa La JoIIe Or for more 

In/o(""'11OO c.all 457 5590 YOu '""" be 21 or 
older to enter & pocturc 10 "'equofed 

Ora, cock 


