
, 

The next phase in 
. ... 

Student Center 'Renovation' 

See story on page 7. 



Grenada account 
continued from page J 
George's harbor. We were watching a 
small number of Cobra gunships 
attacking Fon Ruper. It was a pretty 
impressive sight. The gunships were 
"dogging" the fort . They would come in 
and flare out One would send a missile 
in while another would draw fire . It was 
a well coordinated barrie. One gOt hit 
and tried to make its way back to sea. It 
was on fire and plunged into the ocean. 
We could see through our binoculars 
twO pilots from the downed ship in the 
water. At that time, the Cubans opened 
fire on the pilots in the water from the 
beach. Then a speedboat from the 
destroyer came to pick up the pilots in 
the water. To protect these men another 
larger speedboat came in and opened 
fire on the Cubans on the beach. It was 
a real vicidtls gunbattle , and we could 
see it pretty well through our binoculars. 
Then I guess they figured they couldn't 
take the fon by air to ground missiles, 
so this destroyer swung around to face 
the fort and just opened up on the fort 
with all their firepower. We could see 
the guns going off, then a second later 
landing in the fort . They were so 
accurate that shells went right through 
windows. Chunks of the fort were just 
flying into the air and large geysers of 
smoke and fire were bellowing out of 
windows. The fort was basically leveled. 
W saw AE7 Corsairs come in at low 
runs and were bombing an ti-aircraft 
position on the beach and in town . We 
were told by Jim that there was an anti-
aircraft emplacement near the coffee 
shop (whic h is on campus). The rest of 
the afternoon was aim. We made lunch 
from the food in the refrigerator in the 
room. We wid Jokes and relaxed. It was 
really interesting, because by then we 
were gettlng used to the shelling We 
would be SItting around talking and 

machine guns would go ofT. It didn't 
bother us any more. 
VistG: What happened that night? 
Bill: That night we were told that the 
electricity would probably go out. We 
waited for that to happen. When it did , 
Jim came around and told everyone to 
go into the bathroom. We did and 
locked the doors. We were pretty 
terrified because we were told that there 
were Cubans outside. We heard dogs 
barking. That was really scary, because 
we knew something was out there . One 
of the guys in the bathroom said the 
dogs only bark at the Cubans. The dogs 
were barking very loudly. It was pitch 
black, and I was gerring pretty scared. 
We waited in the bathroom from six 
o'clock till about eleven. We came out 
and went to our rooms to eat dinner. 
We stayed up telling jokes, playing 
cards and twenty questions. A couple of 
guys fell asleep, but I was too excited. 
VistG: What happened in the morning? 
Bill: At morning it was very quiet. 
People went up on the roof to survey 
the scene. We saw Fort Ruper burning. 
The house where Bishop had lived in 
was on fire , too. But everything seemed 
peaceful. Utrle did we know that the 
Rangers had been moving all night 
toward us. On their way they had 
encountered Cubans; that's what the 
fighting was. Off the shore , we saw 
amphibious landing craft and another 
destroyer. There were jets Circling 
around . About noon , Dr. Christianson, 
professor of anatomy, instructed us that 
we were going to be evacuated. He said 
we would be leaving with nothing but 
the shirts on our backs, our passports, 
and our wallets. We were told to tie 
white annbands to our arms to show we 
were Americans Next we were told to 
lie on the floor, which we did for a few 
hours. We all looked up to this man. He 

Courses o/lnter-DisciplinarY 
Interest Offered by Philosophy 

Winter 1984 
Philoeophy 117 - ProW .... ill Sciellti/ic MetlKHloJosy 
MWF - 2:00 - 2:50 - HL 1205 - Zeao Swijtiali 
(Cr •. code 4682) 
This is a philosophy of science class for students interested in the behavioral 
sciences, the social sciences, or medicine. These sciences are interested in the 
causes of behavior, causal networks, or the causal power or efficacy of treatments. 
We will compare what philosophers have written about causes with the methods 
used in these sciences to establish causal claims. 

Philo.ophy 122 - Bio-Mellica' £t.iu 
TTh - 10:00 - 11:20 - HL 1438 - Barbara Wiater. 
(Cr •. Code 3695) 
This course will examine ethical issues that arise in the practice of medicine and 
medical research, with a special focus on attempting to develop justifiable moral 
principles that can help resolve such disputes. After a short general introduction to 
the major ethical theories, particular issues will be explored, such as: the concept 
of health, the physician'patient relationship, patients' rights and physicians' 
responsibilities, informed consent, confidentiality of medical records, euthanasia 
and the prolongation of life, allocation of scarce medical resources, medical 
experimentation. Medical case-studies will be examined. The intended outcome of 
the course is that students will be able to use the moral tools presented to reason 
effectively on their own about the ethical problems in medicine. 

Philosophy 152 - Plti'08opley and Literature 
TTh - 1:00 - 2:20 - BB 2135 - Frederick 0laf80n 
(Cr8. Code 4605) 
This course will deal with the role of moral understanding in imaginative literature · 
more specifically in the modern novel . Its premise is that in representing human 
beings in their relationships to one another the novel can hardly avoid at least 
implicit Judgments on the moral character of such persons and their actions. In 
some of the very best modern novels the author has chosen, quite deliberately, to 
concentrate on this moral element in the life of his characters. Perhaps the 
preeminent novelist of this kind IS Henry James; and I have therefore chosen two 
of his novels, The Wmgs of the Doue, and The Golden Bowl, as the main reading 
for this course. The course Will begin with a quasi· philosophical treatment of the 
theme of morality in its broad application to society and to literature: Modern 
Dogma and the Rhetoric of Assent by Wayne Booth. The written work of the 
course will probably consist of two short papers in addition to the final 
examination. 

174 - PIIi'o.opleica' P.ycleolosy 
MWF - 1:00 -1:50 - USB 3020 - Jama Klagge 
(en. Code 4607) 
This course will be concerned with various views on the nature of the mind. We will 
begin by di6Cussing claims by the psychological theories of psychoanalYSIs and 
behaviorism. Then we will focus on some contemporary philosophical theories 
such as type· identity, functionalism, token·identity, and dual·aspec.t . We will 
conclude with a discussion of the place of subjectivity in theories of the mind. 

, 

is one of the grateSl anatomy 
professors. Jim came around and told us 
to beef up the banicades on the 
windows, because, he said, stray rounds 
might come in. Five rooms on the firSl 
floor were filled with fony people to a 
room. At about 2:00, Jim came around 
again and said to be quiet, that there 
were Cuban Militia outside. I was very 
concerned because I thought the 
Cubans might seek to massacre us as a 
last retribution because of the invasion. 
We were told that they would be here in 
30 minutes. We waited on the floor. At 
exactly 4:20 the first air strike came in. 
They came pretty low and dropped 
some very heavy bombs around the 
building to try and knock out any 
Cuban emplacements. The Marines were 
mainly concerned with two things: First, 
the anti-aircraft weapons were still 
functional, and two, the Cubans fled to 
the fields and now became snipers. 
Mortar rounds landed very close to the 
building, and our bodies were lifted ofT 
the floor as the building shook. 
Vista: Wert: people starting to panic? 
Bill: People welt: praying. I think 
everyone in the room was praying. A 
helicopter came over the building and 
was met with fire from the hotels 
surrounding the ClVllpus. You could hear 
the choppers fighting back. This barrie 
went on for about five minutes. Then we 
heard Rangers shouting orders to each 
other outside the building. That's when I 
said thank God for the Marines. I knew 
we were safe. We could hear them 
running around setting up pOSitions. 
They then blew the front door of the 
building down with plastic exploslVes. 
They rushed into the halls and kicked 
our door down. They were pointing 
their guns around the room shouting, 
"American Marines! Freeze!" They kept 
shouting it even after they were in the 
rooms. You see they didn't know what 
they would find . We heard large 
personnel helicopters landing on the 
beach. This was the same beach I had 

played vo~ybal on the day before. An 
older soldier carne in and said he was 
the capeain from the US Rangers and 
was going to take us home. We Slatted 
crying. They told us to get on our feet. 
There were yeDow smokescreens set up 
outside. What the Rangers did is set up 
a human corridor from the dorms to me 
helicopters. i remember running 
between them with meir guns poiming 
out. We just ran through the corridor as 
they were firing. They were screaming at 
us. "Move, move!" One of them 
screamed to me to get down and 
pushed me down. Right then a machine 
gun opened fire . 1 am not saying they 
were shooting at us, because the Cubans 
maintain that they were· only shooting al 
soldiers, but it was close. I got back up, 
and he was yelling, "Move, move!" I got 
in the back door of the chopper, and it 
lifted off. There were two gunners in the 
chopper just pumping rounds at grotmd 
targets. It was incredible; they were jUil 
kids, no more than 18 or 19 years old, 
hammering those big guns. I was so 
overwhelmed that I looked at this kid 
and gave him the thumbs up sign. He 
looked over and nonchalantly returned 
the sign. We landed on the airstrip and 
they loaded us into planes. 
Vista: What do you think would h.1V1! 
happened if the Mannes had not invaded? 
BUI: Well, that will .always remain 
unanswered in my mind. After Bishop 
was shot a curfew was initiated. Thing5 
were getting pretty bad They closed the 
airport, and even though many of us 
wanted to leave we couldn't. I don't 
know If they would have taken us 
hostage , killed us, or whatever, but I'm 
glad 111 never know. 
VisIQ: What are you going to do now? 
BiD: Wait. Wait until I am placed in 
another medical school and hope 1 get 
my belongings back. 1 am very thankful 
for the Marines. When we needed them, 
they were there. 

This interview was held t\tIo welts after 
the American forces in\la«d Gmldda. 

One set to keep - One set to share. 

12 exposure. 24 prints $2.47" 
15 expo disc. 30 prints $3.69 
24 exposure. 48 prints $4.47 
36 exposure. 72 prints $6.77 

(I I II I ~/I LV) .. nd »"'l. ("·41 Pron'ss) 

Another Great Photo Value from 
UNIVERSln' BOOKSTORE 
University of Caliiornia, San Diego 

La Jolla, California 92093 
Computer/ Electronics Department 

Phone: 452·4291 

HOUU: 
Monday· Friday 

8:00 am - 4:45 pm 
Saturday 

10:00 am . 4:00 pm 



A nationwide study is undelWay to 
learn more about people who are or . 
were married to or living with someone 
with a cocaine abuse problem. Charles 
Nelson , MFCC, the research 
coordinator, is a licensed marriage, 
family, and child counselor in San 
Diego. Nelson reports that subjects are 
needed to fill OUt a brief. confidential 
questionnaire. To be eligible, subjects 
need to have been married to or lived 
with a cocaine abuser. Subject 
participation will greatly aid the sorely 
needed educational process for those 
who are still struggling with their 
compantons' cocaine abuse. To 
anonymously participate In this study, 
contact Charles Nelson dtrectly at 619-
232-7133. 

• 
The Academic Council of the 

University of California has formed an 
ad hoc commi ttee to detennine the 
interest in satellite communications 
within the academic community and IS 
actively soliciting input from UC faculty. 
During the month of November a study 
is bemg conducted [0 ascertain the 
teleconferencing opportuntties and cost 
benefits of a multi -campus satell ite-
based nerwork as It relates to teachIng 
and research . While the system will 
Include voice and data transmission , the 
primary concern of the Committee is [0 
Investigate the potential applications of 
the video teleconferencing capability of 
such a system. In the next few months, 
demonstration projects modelling the 
capability of such a system are being 
planned . Faculty are invited to inqUire 
about these experiments as well as [0 
estabhsh their interest m a 
teleconferencmg network as it relates to 
their areas of expertise. Further 
inqUiries should be directed [0 Professor 
Mitsuru Kataoka , Ad Hoc Committee 
Chairperson , UCLA Advanced Design 
Research Group, 9028 Lindblade Ave., 
Culver City, CA 92030, (213) 836-2341. 

Nationally renowned , award-winning 
author Lillian Faderman will speak on 
'The Children's Hour ReVisited" today at 
4:30 in the North Conference room . 
Faderman is a professor of English 
Literature who was, at Califomia State 
University in Fresno, elected by 
students as the Most Dismguished 
Professor of the Year for the State 
system. Her books, Surpassing love of 
Man: Romantic Fnendshlp and Love 
Between Women and Scotch Verdict (a 
reworking of Lillian Hellman's play The 
Children 's Hour) have received many 
favorable reviews. Faderman IS in San 
Diego to do a television interview and 
will be at UCSD today for the 
do.cumentary talk sponsored by the 
Women's Center. 

• 
Increasing numbers of students are 

completing high school prepared 
neither for college nor for work , 
Universlry of California President David 
P. Gardner told members of a 
Congressional Committee last 
Wednesday. Testifying before the Senate 
Committee on Labor and Human 
Resources in his capaciry as Chairman 
of the National Commission on 
Excellence in Education, Gardner said 
"The proportion of high school student 
taking a general program of study has 
increased from 12% m 1964 to 42% in 

'1979. This IS a telling statistic, because a 
general program of study prepares 
students neither for college nor for 
work: That staristic was among many 
cited by Gardner as indicators that this 
nanon has come to tolerate mediocrity 
in its schools, one of three "essential 
messages" contai ned in the 
Commission's report , A Nation at RIsk. 
Gardner also pointed out, ' High school 
graduation requirements in two-thirds of 
our stateS permit students to compltft 
their secondary school studies with only 
one year of mathematics and one year 
of science: 

UCSDeja Vu 
1979 ... 
Letter to the Editor 
Editor: 

I was distressed to learn that the 
Coffee Hut will close down for good at 
the end of this quarter. Can anything be 
done to save it? In my opinion , its 
demise represems a Singular loss for thiS 
campus. The Hut has been one of those 
precious institutions-with in-institutions 
that buttress in a real, if modest, way 
the true mission of the university. We 
have all too few of them at UCSD. 

Is there any place else here where 
there a re more natural and frequent 
contacts between professors, students, 
and staff? I know of norhing outside the 
lormal classroom or lab that compares 
with the Hut as a setti ng for social and 
Intellec tual interaction between those 
mhelWise rather stratified elements of 
our community. Where else may you see 
a senior faculty member from one 
discipline casua lly sit down with a 
junior from another, later to be joined 
by a student or two and possibly a staff 
member? I've often observed that in the 
ensui ng conversations some of the 
barriers Imposed by specialization may 
be breached. Fruitful communcation 
takes place. 

I am a librarian, and many ideas that 
led directly to Significant improvements 
in library service and collections have 
found their origins in the free and easy 
informality of a Coffee Hut luncheon 
discussion. The Hut's environment lends 
itself to that SOrt of thing. 

I have been eating at the Hut fairly 
regularly for years. Not only do I find 
its quiet and sylvan surroundings 
pleasantly conducive to the experiences 
noted above, but I also find it a very 
comfortable place to bring guests or eat 
alone. It can be said that other 
reSfljurants and meeting places can 
readily fulfill the same purposes. 
Possibly so, but probably not. How many 
spots are there that were obviously 
designed for such meetings and are, in 
fact, rarely used? Also, I simply don 't 
find the same character in the other 
dining facilit ies now operating. The 
amenities that many hke myself find at 
the Hut are all too rare . They should be 
relinquished with reluctance. 

Yes, I have heard that the Hut has 
lost money the past twO years . I readily 
~-Imit that financialled£ers are the kind 
of books I find h.ud to read. But I have 
also heard that every other beanery here 
has also lost money except lor thl:: 
Revelle deli . With some effort and 
planning, I believe that the Hut's losses 
could be reversed. 

When many students last year 
opposed converting the Hut into a 
faculty club, they did so because they 
wished the Hut preserved - not 
converted into offices. They were right 
then and they are right now To 
paraphrase Holly Holmes, my mind is 
made up a:1d my money is on the Hut! 

Marc Gille/sohn 
Undergraduate Librarian 
- Christopher CanoIe 

UCSD professors 
gamer honors 

Three UCSD faculty members have 
been honored for excellence in 
teaching, excellence in research and for 
outstanding community service by the 
UCSD Chancellor's Associates. 

The awards were presented at the 
annual fall meeting of the Associates, 
which is made up of friends of the 
University who contribute $1,000 or 
more annuaDy for the discretionary fund 
of the chancellor. There are currently 
some 240 members in the support 
group. The recognition awards were 
started in 1975 to honor UCSD faculty 
members for their work in these three 
areas. Each recipiem receives a hand-
lettered citation and a SI,OOO 
honorarium. 

The honorees this year are Dr. Paul L. 
Wolf, clinical professor of pathology and 
director of the autopsy services at the 
School of Medicine, for his excellence in 
teaching; Dr. Donald A Norman, 
professor of psychology and director of 
the Institute for Cognitive Science, for 
excellence in reSearch; and Dr. Aoyd 
Gaffney, professor of drama, for 
outstanding communiry service. 

The awards were presented by Cal 
Kobrin, president of Cordura 
Publications, Inc., who served as 
chairman of the Associates selection 
committee, and Clayton Brace, vice 
president and general manager of 
KGTV, Channel 10, who is chairman of 
Chancellor's Associates. UCSD 
Chancellor Richard C. Atkinson hosted 
the meeting which was held at the 
University House. 

Wolf, a member of the School of 
Medicine faculty since 1974, was cited 
for his "great devotion and commitment 
of personal time to students. who are 
provided the opportunity to view 

medici~, obsterics, pediatrics and 
surgery through the Eyes of a skifted 
pathologist: According to the award, 
"Dr. Wolf demonstrates that teaching is 
the primary mission of any medical 
school and he maintains the highest 
standards in his daily execution of that 
principle. His greatest satisfaction 
derives from seeing that srudents are 
becoming accomplished in the use of 
the laboratory in basic diagnosis and 
care of the patient." 

Wolf received an MD degree from the 
Universiry of Michigan in 1952. 
FolloWing residency, he served as head 
of autopsy pathology at Wayne State 
University in Detroit and later became 
director of laboratories at the university. 
In 1968 he was named director of 
clinical laboratories at Stanford 
University and served there until 
moving to UCSD. He has been selected 

, 

by graduating medical students at UCSD 
to receive a number of Kaiser-Pennanente 
teaching awards. 

Nonnan , a member of the psychology 
faculty at UCSD since 1966, was cited 
as one of the mOSt recognized figures in 
the field of cognitive science, whose 
research emphasizes the study of 
human action and performances, 
including the role of conscious and 
subconscious mechanisms for the' 
control of human behavior. According to 
the award, "Dr. Nonnan's research has 
practical implications for such things as 
the analysis of human error and the 
appropriate design of machines which 
complement, rather than thwart, human 
abilities. His research establishes bridges 
between the human mind and 
machines ." 

Norman received his undergraduate 
degree from the Massachusetts Institute 
of Technology in electrical engineering 
and his doctorate from the University of 
Pennsylvania in psychology. Prior to 
coming to UCSD he was :l lecturer and 
research fellow in the Psychology 
Department and in the Center for 
Cognitive Studies, both at Harvard 
University. He has published extenSively 
in journals and books and IS the author 
or co-author of several books. He has 
served on numerous governmental 
advisory panels, including the National 
Aeronautics and Space Administration's 
Study Group on MachIne InteDigence 
and Robotics. 

Gaffney, a member of the UCSD 
Department of Drama faculty since 
1971, was cited for his devotion during 
the past ten years to the creation of 
black theater in San Diego. According to 
the award, "His unremitting effort and 
continuing commitment have led him to 
the direction of a number of 
outstanding production!!, the creation of 
the Southeast Community Theatre and 
the Southern California Black Reportory 
Theatre. He has been responsible for the 
training of an ever-growing cadre of 
young theater artists from the black 
community." 

Gaffney is an actor, dancer, director 
and teacher. He received his 
undergraduate degree in dance 
education from Adelphi University in 
Garden City, New York and his PhD 
from the Carnegie Institute of 
Technology. Gaffney has been active in 
drama and dance for over 35 years, 
teaching and perfonning across the 
United States. He has received a 
number of honors and awards for his 
work including a Fulbright Scholar to 
Brazil in 1979, and he is the author of 
numerous publications dealing with the 
black theater. 

AS Forum is on vacation today, but. will return 
Thursday in its regular slot. 

Rappaport memorial 
A memorial service for Dr. Armin Rappaport, professor emernus of hiStory at 

UCSD who died October 27, has been scheduled for November 171rom 3 until 4 
pm In the Mandeville Recital Hall on the campus. 

1 he se rvice is sponsored by the Department of History and will feature 
remembrances of Rappaport , one of the mosl popular teachers at UCSD, by hts 
colleagues, friends and fonner students. 

Rappaport , was a distinguished scholar of diplomatiC history, and from 1967 
until 1969 he served as the first proVOSt of Third College. 

Rappaport , 67 , had officiaUy retired from the UCSD faculty lastjuly but was 
scheduled to teach an undergraduate history seminar for history majors this fall . 

Rappaport maintained a home in Berkeley but commuted to San Diego 
dUring the week to teach classes. He was a member of the HIStory Department 
facul!), at UC Berkeley from 1949 until 1967, when he came to UCSD. 

The memorial service IS open to the public. with a reception to follow. 

, 

NOY('tIlb.,:r 14, 1983 3 
NEWS 

. , .~ .. ',~, . , . " .. ~ " "'."/"',_.'.",' ~~..., ... ,h' ,~~, .. '~ 

Eyewitness account 
of Grenada invasion 
By MICHAEL BERMAN 

Michael Berman is a studtnt at the 
University of San Diego. This article was 
previously published in the USD Vista. 

On Tuesday, October 25, 1983, US 
Marines, Rangers, and Seals invaded the 
tiny Caribbean island of Grenada to rescLie 
American medical students. The information 
that has reached the pubhc so far has bun 
from media and military sources. Bill 
Cornell, a medical student of Grenada, 
returned to San Diego on NOIIembcr 10 
and gave a }irst-hand account of the 
invasion. 

Bill: The first time I knew somethmg 
was happening was when I woke at 5:30 
Tuesday morning to the sound of planes 
followed by anti-airc raft weapons There 
was also machine gun fire. 
Vista: What were your Immediate 
reactions? 
Bill: My feelings were of immediate 
terror. We didn't know until after we 
heard from the radio and were told by 
General Jim that the Marines were 
invading. 
Vista: Who was General Jim? 

Bil~ He was an older medical student 
who had been in the Marines and so 
was nicknamed General Jim . He was 
normally a very reserved person. When 
the invasion began he assumed 
immediate control of the situation. Many 
of us thought he was with the CIA If it 
wasn't for him I don't know what we 
would have done. 
VI5t4: What ~ned next? 
Bill: Then General Jim went through the 

halls instructing us to turn off all the 
lights and put manresses against the 
windows. He said the country is being 
invaded by the Marines and Rangers 
and that he was in contact with them. 
Jim instructed us to pack small bags. If 
we were able to take anything this 
would be it. We waited till 9:00 listening 
to the horrible battle going on outside . 
VI5t4: Do you think !he artillery was being 
directed at the campus? 
Bill: WeD, there were rounds coming 
from Fort Ruper (which was under 
Cuban control). I don't know whether 
they were directed at us or at the 
Marines landing on the beach. You 
could definirely hear the shells hitting 
the water right off the beach. At 9:30 a 
helicopter flew over the campus. That 
made us feel secure, because at least 
they knew where we were. At noon , the 
gunfire had basicaDy stopped. Jim had 
informed us that he was in contact with 
Captain Lazaro (captain of the Rangers) 
and that they had secured True Blue 
campus and the airport. He said they 
were making their way toward our 
campus. At that time we were all 
instructed to move from building two 
into building one, so the people who 
normally had two or three people to a 
room now had five or six. 
VisIa: After the move to building two, how 
were the people reacting? 
Bill: A few people were crying and 
whimpering. When we got into the 
second building we were facmg St. 

pleas.: turn fO 'fXJgc 24 

IlIlP 

"Get yO~!Ilf;seats, ' 
~,while r they l~st" 

d . 1· l· 
Class meetihgs will be true work~hOps; "~t leC'ttlt'es. 

Emphasis will be placed on writing and critic:~l analysts 
df writing_ Since this is a ~orkshop;',et1~Qllm~nt is 
limited, 1£ interested, caU Phll Lauder. at the·IGL4lrdian 

I (452-3468) for all the details. Hurry for pr~~rollment 
- k d rIll 1 thtS wee , an ... . 

. , s. n" 
11\ 

The UCSD student body is neither 
apathetic nor ignorant. Disturbed by the 
American invasion of a small island 
called Grenada, students protested . 

At noon on Thursday, November 3, a 
rally against the US invasion of Grenada 
drew a large crowd of several hundred 
[0 Revelle Plaza. This action was 
supported by Voz Frontenza , the New 
Indicator, Women's Resource Center for 
World Democracy, Progressive Coalition, 
Salvadoran Solidari!), Committee, and 
the Committee Against Registration and 
the Draft (CARD). Members from each 
of the groups planned the event, 
Margaret Atwood being the initiator. A 
statement was drafted to explain the 
reasoning behind their dissent. Most 
significant was that the students felt the 
people of Grenada shouW be allowed to 
determine their own destiny. Also , the 
invasion was viewed as aggressive 
intervtntion. 

The raDy began with reggae from the 
Trowsers. Supporting Grenada's right to 
solve its own problems, they played for 

0p.inions on Grenada 

Students 
oppose 
• • 

InVaSIOn 
By MELINA WAITS 

free. After their rocking appeal, Taiji 
Miyagawa of APSA read the students' 
paper of protest. The statements were 
interspersed with applause. 

Two UCSD professors spoke against 
the invasion. Professor Rosaura Sanchez 
from the Literature Department spoke 
against the US intervention in Grenada 
and against US intervention in Central 
and South America. She commented on 
the irony of a US foreign policy that 
suppOrtS ugly regimes such as that of 
Chile while Simultaneously mvading a 
small island nation "[0 save democracy" 
after scarcely any violence. 

Professor David D. laitin from the 
Political Science Department was at one 
time In Grenada with the Peace Corps. 
He said , "The contradiction is that 
something people of the left see as 
morally outrageous is a political and 
military victory for the President. We 
need to raise the coSts to the President, 
or else he will have the incentive to do 

please turn fO page 22 

visual arts visual arts visual arts visual arts visual arts visual al 

:i~~ visV!r:~[VIsua:fM'Arist:~ Vi::a~;;:~ 
atU VIsual arts ~~J.! !L!!..,~ ~tJ~~~b vlsualarts VI 
ts visual arts visual arts visual arts visual arts visual arts vis\) 

The Visual Arts Depamnent is offering Visual Arts 4-I~tro to Art-Making 
this quarter in lieu of Visual Arts 3-1ntro to Art-Making. Students majoring 
in Visual Arts should take 4 in lieu of 3 this year for satisfying a major 
requirement. Both 3 and" deal with the painting/drawing aspect of art-
making. 

NOTE: VA4-
Section 4 hal chanF'i. It will be Tu/Th 5:00 - 6:50 inateadof the 
Mon/Wed 3:00 - 4:50 becawe of the conflict with the lecture. 

~Vlaual Ana 116 - Art and Communicarion'----------...... 

NOTE: This :;oune i. cl'Oll8-llated with Com/ Gen Ie). The coune 
code for Com/ Gen 169 it (4651) althoullh it failed to let printed in 
the Schedule of Cia_I. 

This course will investigate the ways in which art is shaped by its social and 
technological contexts in a wide range of cultures. With emphasis on art as 
performance, it will compare forms of art making that reinforce a cultural 
status quo with both traditional and contemporary forms of art making that 
question, disrupt, or act to transform the existing order. The course will 
draw from all the arts and will focus on topics such as the following: tribal 
arts as intermedia, th,e idea of an audience, performance space and cultural 
context, shamans and sacred clowns, social drama, art at the service of the 

~tate, literacy and orality, subrt:rranean and folk traditions, the emergence 
of an avant-gardt: and popular media, ami the impact of technology on 
traditional cultures. 

~Vlaual Arts 188 - Hard Look a' ,he M_ies-----------I 
(ProfellOr Jean-Pierre Gorin) 

The course will examine a choice of films, selected along different lines of 
analysis. This quarter tht: films selected will an~lyze technical concerns such 
as use of time in film, use of sound, editing and framing. A tentative list of 
films to be studied includt:s: The Dri\Jt! (Walter Hill), Pkkpocket(Bresson), 
II 8idOlU' (Fellini), Easy Uvinl{ (Leisen), Vamp,!' (Dreyer), Cat People 
(Tourneur), Stranl{t'1's on a Train (Hitchcock), Moses and Aaron (Straub), 
Numero dux (Godard), St'\:onJ Breath (Melville), The Killing (Stanley 
Kubrick), Tmwna (Bunuel), and Paping Tom (Powell). 

~Vlaual Arts 189 - The Director Serie" (ProfellOr Manny Farber;l----I 
A courSt: that dl'SCribes the experience, looks, and structure of director-
dominated films. Directors to be studkd include: Robert Aldrich, Chantel 
Ak"'1'ITlan, MaTRU<.'1'Itt: Duras, Luis Bamucl , SamuaL Fuller, Ja.."lues ToumeuT, 
Dt.luR'as Sirk, John Fonl, Nick ROt'K and Alfred Hitt:hcock. 



Editorial 

The Tom Tucker Express: 
Railroading students at high speed 

Assistant Vice-Chancellor and Student Center Board Direcror 
Thomas Tucker is well on his way to the first major coup of his tenure at 
. UCSD with the impending elimi nation of the Co-op's hard-won 
centerpiece, the Che Cafe. Idealogical leanings aside, the Che has 
become an increasingly popular eatery for UCSD students, as well as an 
attractive venue for weekend dances, panies, concens and gatherings 
of all kinds. 

The building fhat the Che shares with the Guardian seems to 
have become 1Q liability that, in light of Tucker's ' plan for a new 
student center facility, the SCB is no longer willing to carry. The 
question does not concern the amount of money needed to 
renovate the Che building;' rather it centers around Tuck~r's 
inaccurate perception of student needs. Apparently, the thousands 
of hours of student labor that have been invested do not impress 
Tucker as much as the thought of a gleaming new assemblage of 
private vendors on UCSO's campus. 

The Guardian will be able ro relocate to a new location (although 
no firm plans for this have yet been set forth by the SCB, As, et 
aI) , but the Che depends on its current locale to survive, as would 
any similar organization. The idea of an 'anti-meat restaraunt may 
not be mainstream, but the Co-ops allow a level of student 

panicipation, student management, and student freedom that 
could not possibly survive the convolutions of an entrenched, 
state-supponed bureaucracy. 

"You will find me very student orientated - in fact, very 
campus-orientated to all constituencies. I think that all the areas I 
am responsible for are service organizations." That's what Tucker 
said in an October 3 interview with the Guardian, but actions 
speak louder chan words. He is in fact ignoring the needs and 
expressed desires of a whole segment of the student body. Despite 
his stated objective to formulate and pursue a shared set of . 
objectives with the SCB and the AS, Tucker is now bullying his 
way towards a centralized, easily manageable group of student 

organization~. There is something to be said for a standardized 
student agenda in terms of efficiency, but college is most 
importantly a time of growth for students, growth which cannot 
take place within- the sterile, whitewashed confines of a 
commercial megastrUcture. 

'Tm an outreach of the administration and [hey have said, Tom, 
COlJle here and let's accomplish major missions together: and I 
intend to do that, and I intend to negotiate, compromise." The SCB 
must now negotiate, not bury the issue in the 1:5. - TR 

n~frfr®lf~ll®frfr®rr~ll®frfr®rr~ll®tttt®lf~ll®frfr®lf~ll~frtt<elf~n®ttfr~lf~ll<ettfrce:lf~n®frtt<elf~n®ilit®lf$ll<efdt<err 
fr~lf~lettersll®frtt®lf~ll®tttt®lf~ll~frtt®lf~ll~frfr~rr~n~tttt®lf~ll<e;fdt<elf~nceilitcerr~llceilitcerr$ll~ilit~Ir~llce 
If ~ll ~tttt®lf ~ll ®ttfr®lf ~n ®frfr®lf~ll ®ttfr®lf ~ll®ttttcelf ~llcettfrceIr ~ll cefrttcelf~ll cefrttcerr $llceilitceIr$ll ceilitcerr$llcefrfr 

llcefrtt(E;lf~ll®frfr®rr~llcew®lf~n®ttfr~lf~llcettfr®lf~llcefr{tcelf$llcefrfrcelf~llcefrfrcelfll~ ilitcerrlllcettfrceIr$ll<eilitcerr[ 
Editor. 

Many of us have recendy become 
aware of an initiative proposed by 
Commissioner of Communications Tim 
Pickwell , which involves the 
consolidation of five alternative media 
into one journal comprising the views of 
all . There has been much discussion 
about Mr. Pickwell's ideas; some of it 
has been distorted . As one who is 
associated, and hence familiar With. the 
workings of the Media Board. I would 
like to try to clear up some of the 
confusion . 

UCSO currently has more student-
funded alternative media than any other 
campus in the nation , excepting that of 
Yale Universiry. Of the $250.000 budget 
our student respresentatives work with , 
fully one-fifth of it, $54,000, is funnelled 
to the Commissioner of 
Communications for distribution to the 
media on our campus. including !<SOT. 
To the contrary. UC Berkeley has a 
multi-million doUar AS budget, yet a 
mere $10,000 of it goes to support 
campus publications and other news 
sources. Pickwell's proposal does nOl 
stem from a "racist viewpoint" as the 
new indicator would have you believe, 
but rather from a position of fiscal 
responsibility with respect 10 the 
students, who, through their fees , 
support our campus' communications. 

The. five papers that would be 
affected by his initiative . the n.i.,People 's 
Voice, La Voz Frollteriza, L'Chayim, and 
Sappho Speaks, have among them more 
than $30,000 with which to produce 
their publications for this academic 
year. The n.1. alone receives more than 
$14,000 of this allotment more than 
KSOT and any other two periodicals on 
campus. Pickwell wants to reduce this 
amount by $20,000, not the $10,000 as 
reported by Lori Rindfleisch in ltttl~rs , 7 
November. 

His desire is reasonable. Many of the 
IIJ 'S 8000 copies per issue are 
circulated off campus. San Diego State is 
but one of its receptacles. The People 's 
Voice produces 12,000 papers twice a 
quarter; two-thirds of these papers goes 
off campus. La Voz delivers to Mexico 
and Los Angeles. One must realize that 

inhe~nt in this initiative is the 
question , "why must UCSO students 

fund a paper that State students . South-
East San Diego residents, and those 
persons of a different nationality read?" 
The answer is that we need not. The 
money directed towards supplying a 
medium for these persons, i.e., the 
$20,000 saved by adopting Pickwell's 
initiative, could be put to better use in 
issues more direcdy pertinent to our 
students. Indeed, the money will be 
chan nelled into the AS general 
unallocated fund , where it can be 
utilized for most any student need . 

Mr. Pickwell has also , and certainly 
will in the future , come under fire for 
his deletion of much-read Koala in his 
enterprise. As Pickwell himself has been 
qUOled as saying, "the Koala is nOl a 
polittcal or ethnic publication." Indeed 
in the year of its existence. I can not 
recall a single occasion when the humor 
paper printed a serious viewpoint on 
any political or ethnic issue. On the 
OIher hand. any issue of anyone of the 
affected papers wiD give the reader a 
clear sense of its political and/ or ethnic 
leanings. Clearly these papers do have 
something in common, and the 
argument that they "have nothing in 
common except the equipment they use 
and their source of funding" is moot. 

In addition, the benefits reaped from 
one journal comprising the views of aU 

,these papers would be significant. No 
longer would we be subjected to four-
week old piles of the n.i. blowing 
around our commons areas on windy 
days , Iiuering our beautiful campus. Nor 
would we have 10 step over old issues of 
La Voz , as I have done on occasion . 
Instead of having to read five different 
papers 10 understand the variant 
political and ethnic (social) preferences 
of the staffs of these papers, one could 
simply read a Single comprehensive 
periodical with aU these views. From 
this it would follow that each Viewpoint 
would reach a larger audience. in dlar 
persons would come across different 
points of view in reading the proposed 
periodical. And thaI is the objective of 
allY journal. 

I urge you 10 sign one of the petitions 
circulating around campus which would 
get this very topical issue on the banOl. 
I f the 1000 necessary student signarures 
are obtained . the referendum will be 

p~sented to the students on 30 
November and I and 2 December. Tim 
PickweB's idea is solid. It is reason'able 
and responsible. Grqory MacCrone 

Editor. 

Media BoaI!II ~ 
Muir <:olIeF 

As a bicycle rider and occasional 
pedestrian on campus, I was interested 
in jon Preimesberger's article (Guardian, 
11/7/ 83) on the unreliable 
communication that occurs between 
cyclists and those on foot. 

About a year ago I wrote a facetious 
article , which appeared .i!", the Guardian, 
on ashido. the art of self-defense against 
cyclists. Fortunately no one took this 
seriously, and I have yet to be cast to 
the concrete by a pedestrian executing 

shwin-Ioss~ oi-Isula-jujjryda, or any of the 
other forms of attack which I 

recommended in my arti.cle. 
However, a few months ago I did 
~et another cyclist on campus in a 
rather abrupt head-on encounter which 
left twO of us and our bikes somewhat 
bent out or shape. Since then, I have 
adopted a simple, practical coUision 
avoidance procedure: hand signals. To 
avoid a minor-dance with an 
approaching pedestrian or rider, I point 
a finger left or right to indiCate my 

intend~ course and foDow II firmly. 
This policy woukl probably not have 

helped avoid my coDision, which came 
without. waming, but I have round it a 
userul precaution against head-on 
meetings with other cyclists or 
pedestrians when we can eyeball each 
other lOr several seconds. I encourage 
other cyclists to start using hand signals 
too. Keith Gmu-Davie 

.. ~ (JCt!J) Copy Editor . Editor Tim August Managing Editor 
Phillauder james Ralph Papp 
Op~ion Editor 
Thomas Rankin 

Associate News Editon 
Mike Greenberg 

lisa Lapin 
Features Editor 

Chris Young 
Ana Editor 

Andrew Keeler 
Associate Ans Editor 

John Nee 
Sports Editor 
Jeff Savage 

Photo Editor 
Rich Pecjak 

The UCSD Guardilln is published 
Mondays and Thursdays during the 
academic year by students at UCSD. 
Reprod ucrion or use without 
permission of any portion of this 
newspaper is Strictly prohibited . NOI 
responsible for unsolicited 
manuscripts or an. 

Our office is located southeast of 
the Revelle Provost Office on the 
UCSD campus. The BuSiness Office 
is open from 9 am 10 noon and 1 
pm to 5 pm 

General Manager 
Chris Milke 

Associate General ~anagers 
linda Lewis 

Valerie McMullin 
Phcxographers 

Richard Caterina 
Rob Friedenthal 
Mark johnson 
·David Newell 

lUustrators 
john Ashlee 

Garnell Fitz-Henley 
Kathy Morrow 

Typeseaen 
Anggie lapid 
Phillauder 

Andy lau~nce 
Chris Osterwalder 

Production 
Hana Abrams 

lisa Jones 
Vesna I<ulasinovic 

Kelley Neal 
The UCSD Guardilln 

UCSD, B-O 16 
La jolla, California 92093 

(619) "'2-3466 

, 

• 

CommentafY-

In Nicaragua, the stage 
is set for US/USSR confrontation 
By DAVID WOLF 

It is interesting to note that the 
argument Phil Barham uses in his page 
7 article in the November 11 issue of 
the Guardian is that we must take 
Nicaragua out of the sphere of East-
West confrontation and understand it as 
a national liberation movement. It is 
indeed a shame to realize that it is 
impossible to do so. The situation in 
Nicaragua has many far-reachmg 
implications, and these have been 
largely rt.eglec!e_d . . . .. ___ ._ 
- hrst and most important is the 
crucial role that Nicaragua pla ys in the 
Cold War, nol because of US 
involvement but rather because of what 
might be called the Moscow 
Connection. Since the overthrow of the 
Somoza regime in 1979. the Sandinistas 
have been strongly supported by the 
Soviet Union through its proxy, Cuba. 
Originally this support was limited to 

rines for the revolutionary guard, purely 
intended for self-defense. lately, 
however, the arms shipments have 
grown in both size and capability . 
Today Nicaragua has one of the most 
powerful helicopters, and both 
governmental and independent 
intelligence report the delivery of heavy 
armored vehicles. 

The point is best made with figures. 
In Honduras, there are 26 me." in _ 
unifonn for every Hf,OOCrcivilians; in 
Panama, 42 men per 10,000; in 
Guatemala 23; in Costa Rica 29; and in 
war-lOrn EI Salvador 34 men are in 
unifonn lOr every 10,000 civilians. In 
Nicaragua, on active duty alone there are 
76 men per 10,000 civilians. If one 
disregards militia as selr-defense forces. 
the Nicaraguans could increase that 
ratio to 144 soldiers per 10.000 
overnight. In real tem.:!5 this means 

Nicaraguans fearful 
By BRAD BARHAM 
Manapa, Nicaragua (Oct. 26)-
Citizens took to the streets throughout 
Nicaragua Tuesday and yesterday to 
protest the U.S. invasion of Grenada. 
which some here fear is a dress 
rehearsal for an invasion of this country. 

News of the American intervention 
spread rapidly in Managua Tuesday 
morning, and by afternoon, Nicaraguans 
were demonstrating by the tens of 
thousands aU across the countt)', 
expressing their solidarity with the people 
of Grenada and their willingness to 
derend Nicaragw from any invading force. 

The American invasion of Grenada 
came Tuesday morning as President 
Reagan sent nearly 2000 American 
troops to the Caribbean island to 
prorect American citizens there and 
restore order to the violence·ridden 
country. He ordered the invasion after 
six Caribbean countries, which also 
contributed troops to the operation, 
asked the United States ror assistance. 

In Managua, more than 50,000 people 
gathered at the office of the United 
Nations. Comandante Leticia Herrera, 
the secretary general of Nicaragua's 
neighborhood defense comminees and 
vice preSident of the Council of States, 
condemned the US invasion , caUed on 
Reagan 10 respect .he principlies of the 
United Nations charter that guarantee 
the sovereIgnty of nations to rule their 
internal affairs. 

"The demented, warring ways of the 
Reagan administration are carrying 
humanity toward a horrible holocaust -
generalized world war," Herrera said. 

At the Casa Del Gobierno, the 
government headquarters. Daniel Onega, 
leader of the governing junta in 
Nicaragua, called for immediate 
international support to help prevent a 
regional war in Central America. 

He cited "tomorrow's meeting in 
Tegucigalpa. Honduras, of militat)' 
leaders from Guatemala, EI Salvador. 
Honduras, and the United States to 
coordinate concrete plans of aggreSSion 
against Nicaragua. as weU as the 
presence of US troops in Honduras and 
US Naval fleets off of both coasts of 
Nicaragua, as proof that an invasion of 
Nicaragua may be imminent." 

He also said that Nicaragua has 
evidence that the CIA plans to provoke 
or simulate military anacks from 
Nicaragua on targets in Honduras and 
Costa Rica. Such an "anack" would then 
provide the pretext. according to Onega, 
for major aggression against Nicaragua. 

Yesterday morning, a group of more 
than 100 Americans calling itself the 
Commiuee of US Citizen Residents in 
Nicaragw caUed a press conference at 
the enmmce to the US Embassy. They 
stated that they "refuse to serve as 
pretext for another invasion ," referring 

,,"'(/Sr /UII' let f1<./g" 6 

r---------------------------------, 

$2 off medium pizza 
$3 off large pizza 

Offer expires 11-21-83. 
Good on dine-in orders only. 

8873 Villa La Jolla Dr. 
455-0662 

-

--

-

-
t 

L _________________________________ ~ 

50,000 soldiers could pour across either 
or both of Nicaragua's frontiers at any 
time without draining the country of 
soldiers. The five other Central 
American countries put IOgether have 
61 ,000, and that includes those forces 
that would be reqUired to stand fast as 
combat reserves. Add to this tOlal four 
Nicaraguan tank banalions .equipped 
with Soviet T-55 medium tanks and the 
MiG--ftghters-based on Soviet-built 
airstrips , and it becomes clear that the 
Nicat:aguan anned forces were not 
designed exclusively for self defense as 
the Sandinistas claim. but as a modern 
assauli force . After aU, tanks are by 
nature not defensive weapons. 

So what does this aU have to do with 
why the Contras are being supported by 
the United States? Docs this , combined 
with the recent maneuvers of US forces 
in Honduras, mean that an invasion is 
imminent? Not at all. The 
Admi nistration realizes that to attem pt 
to invade a country such as Nicaragua 
would not only raise worldwide outcry 
and condemnation but that it would be 
foolish to attempt to take a country 
where the people by and large support 
the government. The US can contain the 
spread of Soviet influence , bu, nOl 
erase it from Nicaragua. Invasion is 
almost certainly out o( the question. 

Why support the Contras? For the 
simple reason that it keeps Nicaraguan 
forces occupied, and it makes the 
export of Soviet anns into EI Salvador 
and Honduras difficult if nOl impossible. 
A prinCipal reason for this holding 
action may be that military experts 
report that with the current force of US 
advisers it will take up to two years for 
the new Salvadoran "Hunter battalions 
to be up to strength. If the resupply of 
the Salvadoran rebels can be held or 
severely hampered for th~ next two 
years, the Salvadoran anny will be able 
to take the fight to the rebels. With the 
borders closed . Honduras and 
Guatemala will have time to stabilize 
their young democracies, and EI 
Salvador will be able to continue the 
land reform it started, closing the door 
for Soviet/ Cuban expansion via 
Nicaragua. 

Contrary to the allegations of Brad 
Barham, the US seems to be putting 
economic pressure on the Sandinistas in 
order to force the Nicaraguan military to 
stand down and limit its offensive 
capability. The Contras have scored no 
impressive gains of territory in the 
south. In terms of numbers, the Contras 
number approximately 7000 in the 

north and 1000 in the south. 
Undersupplied and mobile only by foot 
and river, nowhere near all of these 
8000 can be counted as effective troops, 
despite CIA aid . In addition, the 
Contras musr contend with the regular 
anny plus the 88,000 militia in the 
country. While the entire militia is 
obViously nor deployed in [he border . 
terri'tories, 8000 Contras are hardly 
threatening to Nicaragua even as a 
guerilla force. 

Accusations came because some 4000 
US troops were maneuvering in 
Honduras earlier this fall . 'The US is 
preparing to invade Nicaragua: the 
Sandinistas screamed. Anyone who 
watched the US invade Grenada last 
week noticed that it took 6000 US 
troops 10 invade a country of 110,000. 
Four thousand US troops could hardly 
have been even the deciding factor 
against a country of 5 million. Another 
interesting bit of infonnation is that 
there are 2000 military advisers and 
4000 "teachers, medical advisers, and 
civilian technicians· from the Soviet 
Union in Nicaragua right now. If one 
listened 10 the results of the Grenada 
invasion, one will have noticed how 
quickly the "civilian technicians· from 
Cuba and the USSR were to beat their 

plowsha~s and pruning hooks into AK-
47s to join the battle. Certainly every 
adviser in Nicaragua can shoot, because 
military service in the Soviet Union is 
mandatory. 

The threat 10 peace in Central 
America posed by Nicaragua is 
substantial. We have sealed borders 
between East and West Gennany, 
between North and South Korea, the 
Thailand-laos border and the Russo-
Turkish border for no other reason than 
to stem the infiltration of Soviet 
influence. To teU ourselves that sealing 
Nicaragua off could not affect the 
situation would be ignoring his lOry. 
Many critics of the Administration see 
in Central America a repeat performance 
of the debacle in Southeast Asia. In 
Vietnam, the Viet Cong were infiltrated 
via the border between Vietnam and 
Laos-Cambodia, where the Ho Chi 
Minh trail suppTied the rebels . In 1950 
China infiltrated small units into South 
Korea and nearly won that war because 
of an open. unguarded border. The 
Contras attempt to stem the flow of 
Russian anns and sentiment, a job that 
gives the free peoples of Central 
America a chance for democracy rather 
than the terror of the Soviet brand of 
Communism. 

SO.FT CONTACT LENSES 
One Hour Service in most cases 

INCLUDES: 
Contact ~nses, examination, 
patient training, follow up, 
chemical care kit and titting, 
EX1'ENDED WEM LENSES 
ONLY $165.00 

THE CLASSICAL EYE 
La Jolla Village Squa~ 

(Inside the Mal; Lower Level) 
8657 Villa La Jolla Drive • Suite 136 

451-7374 



Calumnist 
In search 
of experimentation 
By JAMES RALPH PAPP 

The speed and frequency with which 
one is required to complete 
aSSignments. given so that one might 
learn how to think. preclude thinking; 
one begins to exercise instinct only. It is 
the nature of univerSity life that 
everyone is so busy absorbing and 
expelling knowledge that he never has 
time to learn anything. In particular, the 
tradlf-IOI'\al tasks devour too much time 
and energy to all ow e,zpenment, which 
IS what we are at a university to engage 
tn . 

exploration into modernism are forays 
into the past. (In fact, modernism is 
now in the past. According to literary 
terminology, we are now in the post-
contemporaty period, a difficult period 
to go through . It seems to me that if one 
is after now, one is not anywhere.) 

one work , the chamber version premiere 
of another and the world premiere of a 
third . Atomicafe, a collection of graduate 
music students at UCSD performing the 
pieces they have composed, gives a 
concert every quaner just as SONOR 
does. Tht Birdc~e Review publishes 
undergraduare writing and graphics 
once a quarter, and ~rlr publishes 
the products of undergraduateS, 
graduates and faculty once a )'l"ar. 

The Federal government every year 
gives UCSD more money than aD but 
three universities in the country for 
expenment, and on a smaler scale 
Undergraduate Student Grants (which 
was SCURl) also funds research. Indeed, 
depending on the success of some of 
the genetiC and atomic research going 
on in the University. students might not 
have much time left for their own 
experimentation. 

These groups give one the chance to 
see the creativity of others or let others 

_ _ ~e on~'s own; but experimentation does 
not neeaa sponsoring Ix?dy and 

perhaps should not have one. The 
student who amasses old china or writes 
reams of post-contemporal)' poetry 
covertly has fulfilled the learning 
experience as much as the one who has 
ad vertised the fact. 

In fact, when Oscar Wilde's rooms at 
Oxford were invaded to be wrecked, 
because he had advertised the existence 
of his collection, he was forced to ~live 
up to the level of his blue and white 
china" (as he said elsewhere) by 
throwing aU four invaders in succession 
down the stairs. Experimentation with 
old china can be as unsafe as that with 
subalOmic panicles. 

College is the time and place to get 
into the habit of experimentation, 
because afterwards the only opponunity 
for that son of thmg wiD be creative 
financing. The point is that at no other 
place or time are the energy, the 
inclination, the encouragement and the 
facilities for trial (including, invariably 
and unfortunately, error) so prevalent as 
at the university . 

~- ~ ~ ........ -
The undergral!uate tradition comes m 

a number of varieties. There IS the 
pragmatist, possessing the fab led 
(rumored but never proved to exist) 
"good study habits: who does not even 
experiment with staying awake for 48 
hours straight finishing assignments (72 
in the case of a science major). There is 
the amiable profligate , who tries to 
destroy as much of his mind and morals 
as were left after high school , in order 

There are always opportunities for 
traditionalism in the community: the 
student's place, as an experimenter, is 10 
siiuh.r.o.yg,h t~em and adopt and 
cultivate what he ecides is good, or at 
least what he likes. To combine dtles of 
James Joyce and Oscar Wilde (both 
epii:omizing the college experimenter, at 
least according to them in their later 
books), what one should seek to create 
is The Portrait of the Critic as Artist as a 
Young Man (or, of course, Woman). 
Once a thing is adopted one should 
make it grow: that is the combination of 
other people's creativity and one's own. 

Grenada stirs fears 

to qualif)' himself at the end of four or 
five years for a career in business. He 
ought to be called the destruccive 
experimenter, The third kind of student 
is the constructive experimenter, whose 
effon is to learn other people's creativity 
and engage in his own. 

Experiment does not have to be in 
something new. In a university the 
products of all times and places are 
brought together to be studied; at the 
same time one can take the trouble to 
revive them. As revolutional)' as 

Of course the university, and 
particularly UCSD, contains 
opportunities to explore the post-
contem poraty or, if one wants to be a 
step ahead, the post-future (the 
advantage of this being that when 
everyone else arnves at what will be 
now then , one will already have 
experienced then now). Now then. The 
Music and Visual Arts Departments at 
UCSD were begun with experiment to 
be their ideal. In a Single concert next 
quarter, SONOR. UCSD's permanent 
experimental ensemble, will be 
performing the American premiere of 

continued Irl)III pa~ 5 
to the fact that US officials said the 
most important reason for the invasion 
of Grenada was concern for the 1000 
Americans living there. 

James Goff. a retired chaplain of the 
US Naval Reserve and a Presbyterian 
minister, read the committee's 
starrment. 
"Nicaragua is ~ng to constrUCt a 
democratic sy_m after half a century of 
the US-supporrrd Somoza dictatorship. 
If the Reagan admi!,istration favored 
democracy, it would not now be 
financing the remnants of Somoza's 
military to block this efTort. 

"The aDiance between the Reagan 
administration and these forces is 
precisely what threatens our security. 

Fifth Annual Earl Warren Memorial Symposium 
presents 

I "Men, Women & Families: Changing Legal Realities" 
, November 18-19, 1983 
, Mandell Weiss Center for the Peiforming Arts i This year, Earl Warren 's Fifth Symposium addresses a complex matrix oflegal issues that have emerged in lhe I past decade as economic, scientific, and technological changes in our society have significantly altered long-standing relationships berween men, women, and families. Our focus on "Changing Legal Realities" chaUenges us to better understand causes as well as effects, and to reexamine the impact of the law as force and counter-
,

f force in our socie ty Join us for any or all of the foll<;>wing events. No charge to UCSD faculty, students and staff. 

I 

FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 18 
9:00 a.m. Opening remarks and panel on "California's No-Fault Divorce Law: A Retrospective Look Back Over The Past l3 

Years". Panel moderJted by Dr. Michael Parrish . 
11 :15 a.m. Three sma ll panels held Simultaneously cove nng "The Economic Consequences of Divorce". "lssuesofJoint Custody· 

and "Mediation Without Connie!". 
1:30 p.m. 

4:00 p.m. 

8:00 p.m. 

Moot Coun based on the issues of surrogate parenting preSided over by Judge Elizabeth Zumwalt of the San Diego 
Supenor Court, Law students from U D and Cahfornia Western School of Law will be arguing the case; Drama 
Professors and Gradua[e students from UCSD will be playing key witness roles. 
'From Love ro Lingallon" - film by Dr. Denfsc Warren portraying [he Sullivan vs. Sullivan case (one panner suing 
another over an academiC degree). Attorneys involved in this case Will hold a panel discussion follOWing the film. 
DeWitt Higgs Lecture featuring Ms. Ann Fagan Ginger (founder and President of the Meiklejohn CiVil Uberties 
Insti[ute in Berkeley) <lddressmg [he fact that "Things Don't Really Change That Fast". Lecture 10 be held in the 
Mandeville ReCItal Hall . 

f 10:00 p.m. Reccption for all Sympos ium participants in the International House. 
SAlURDAY, NOVEMBER 19 

9:00 a.m. Opening remarks and panel addl1.'ssmg (he "technical aspects 
of new bloll1edlcal technology and birth enhancclllt'nt". 

10:45 a.lI1 . Panel diSCUSSion addreSSing the 
"ethical questions and legal 
IInplicatlnns surrounding the new 
bloll1ec\I(,lI te(hnolngles" 
P.inel ll1oderator: Dr. Knstin Luker. 

" ........ ~ .....-....~ .................. ~'-M'-M~ ....... ~ ...................... ~ ............ ___ .. -______ ....... ____________ .......J 

These counter-revolutionaries h:lvc 
already killed hundreds of Nicaraguan 
civilians and several foreigners like 
ourselves: he said. 

Marco Romero, a retired Boeing 
engineer living in Managua, caDed on 
his "fellow Americans to wake up to . 
what is reaDy happening in Central 
America and the Caribbean and to tum 
the Reagan administration around." 

Nicaraguans at Tuesday's 
demonstration chanrrd loudly, "Aqui, 
alla, e\ yanqui morira" ("Here, there, the 
Yankee will die). 

(Brad Barham, a PhD studtnt in the 
Economics Department, ptriodicaUy 
dispatchts artie/es to The Guardian from 
Central America. He is cumntly in 
Nicaragua studying the banana industry.) 

Sell US your car! 

SUN~ 
AUTO SALES 

693-1165 or 698-3736 
Ask for 

, 

.' \ , 

November 1'1, J983 7 
NEWS 

Guardian and Che Cafe's 
futures decided this Friday. 

The Food Co-op completed construction and 
opened for business in April of 1980. The total cost to 
the AS was 52200 (13% of the Original estimate). Since 
the Co-op had saved the AS 515800, the AS decided 
not to charge the Co-op rent for the Coffee Hut 
facility, 

By the summer of 1981, the reSt rooms in- the Co-QP 
restaurant (now known as Che Cafe) had not been 
renovated up to health standards. And now the 
managerial and maintenance responsibilities for the 
Che Cafe and Guardian had been given to the SCB by 
the AS. By CHRISTOPHER CANOLE 

"0 n Friday, November 18, the Student Center 
Board wiD make the first step decision to 
the process of whether or not 

we are going to invest 547,100 into the Colee Hut 
facility (the Che Cafe and UCSD GuardUm newspaper 
officesl, or whether we cannor do this because of the 
alternative (channcOing the SCB funds roward the 
hopeful constJUCtion of a new University Center in 
three to five yearsl; said SCB Student Chairman Paul 
Jensen in an interview which included Assistant Vice 
ChanceDor aad Acting Director of the SCB Tom 
Tucker. 

Tucker said, "Upon arrival as the new director of the 
SCB in this school year, I was given a directive from 
the Health and Saniration people indicating certain 
!'epai" had to be made to the Che Cafe and GlIIlrditm 
areas, or that facility could not operate beyond 
December 31, 1983'-

"The dilemma is a very simplistic one: cominues 
Tucker. "It is that we do nor have a programmatic 
question here at aD. It is not a question relating to the 
credibility or value of the Che Cafe or GuardUm on 
campus. It is strictly a question of the nature and 
condition of the facility where the two are housed. 

"It is a shame that this has been aBowed to reach 
this crisis. And it is a shame that the maintenance and 
upkeep wasn't taken care of as time went on. But there 
is naching I can do at this point in time. 

"If you look at it from one view there is an 
obligation to these established ~nt organizations. If 
you look on the other side, I ha~ an obligation to 
represent the constiruency. Those constituents change 
as the times change and tastes change. The GlIIlrdian 
may be of great service today but not what the 
students of UCSD want three ~ars from now: said 
Tucker. 

Does the history of the Student Center Board and 
the Associated Students' relationship to the Che Cafe 
and the Guardian suppon these statements made by 
Tom Tucker? 

In the spring of 1979, the AS took a strong stand 
against the proposed conversion of the Coffee Hut into 
a Faculty Club. The AS claimed that student money 
was used for much of the facility's original construction 
costs as UCSD's first Student Center. The AS said ir 
should be responsible for determining the Coffee Hut's 
future . 

After a bitter battle between the AS and the 
Administration, the Coffee Hut was turned over to the 
AS on December 9, 1979. Carlos Montalvo, student 
body president, said, ·It's a real victory for students to 
obtain control of the Coffee Hut." 

The AS was then informed by the Campus Architects 
and Engineers, along with the Health and Safety 
Depanment, that the Coffee Hut could not be used as 
a restaurant unless an estimated 518,000 in renovation 
improvements. be made to bring the building up to the 

De.,.l'1mCnt 01 Health and Safety's standards. 
The AS chalcnaed this estimare as being perhaps 

inOaeed. AS member john Becken presented lin 
organizational otaline and inviration to the UCSD 
Food. Co-op to rellOllare the Coffee Hut. The AS 
unammously approved. 

During the Christmas vacation of 1979, the Food 
Co-op bepn rmovanon with volunteer workers and 
$2200 from the SCB. An additional 51800 came from 
AS funds to include I fire mardant system. These 
rmovations were to satisfy aD Health and Safety 

~ The renovation of the resrrooms was waived 
so long as it would be compere<! at 50IIle furure dare. 
The SCB promised to fund the restroom constrUCtion 
at an estimalCd $2000. 

Itt the same time the AS aslted the Guardian 
newspaper to forfeit its ollkes in the Student Center to 
maIte room for a record co-op and general store. In 
exchanee the AS would provide an equivalent 
renovaaed offICe speer in the Colee Hut According to 
the then business IIlIIIISCr, Harry Tolen, even though 
the Colee Hut facilities weft not brought up to the 
standards of the Srudem Ceruer 01lke5, the GlIIlrdian 
began its ptmlicarion there in January 1980. 

Mary Ann Mason , custodial supervisor of SCB, 
submitrrd a proposal to renovate the reStrooms at a 
cost of 5"1000-55000. This was rejected by the SCB. No 
explanation was given, 

In February of the 1982 winter quarter, the GlIIlrdian 
made a request for improvements to the facility, ~ 
because the typesetting and darkroom-equipment had 
frequently malfunctioned due to the original 
inadequate building renovations two yearS earl in. The 
main requirement was a need for heating to keep rhe 
eqUipment at a constant remperarure. The Guardian 
business manager Chris Milke was assured by rhe SCB 
rhat the problem would be solved by the end of the 
quarter. 

Coincidentally, after two years, the Health 
Depanment ended its waiver of the Che Cafe 
restrooms and issued its first warning to the Che Cafe 
and the SCB to bring the facilities up to code. 

After waiting six months for action, Chris Milke 
submitrrd a second request, in july 1982, for adequate 
heat so the GlIIlrdian would become functional before 
the stan of the faD quaner. Arld a request was made to 
fumigare the entire facility for termites. 

By December, no heating had been 
please tum 10 pagl 10 

Originally the student center of UCSD, the Che CaJe and Guardian offices are now endangered species in the eucalyptus Jorest. 

Save BIG BUCKS 
on eating out, sporting events, 

and entertainment!! 
• The perfect Christmas gift 
• 2 for 1 tickets to just about everything 

~~------------------~ 
Pad",s (6 dJtcs) Soccers (4 tickets). Football, &seball. Fitness CCntcrs, 1) GoIr 
Courses, R.icquctbJU (5 kx:ations). ke Skating. Rolk-r Skating. Bowling (13 
kx:allons). Skiinlt Skllcss<>os. Flying. Salilnlt Horseback Riding. and much more ... 

...----------EATINGOlJT----------, 
Owr 2:50 dlffcrent pI'leCS to eat out at 'I, price. From Ihr top of the line nnr 
reSl.IUrJntS I" dozcns 01 well kOllWn fas! food s . 

~--------ENTERT~NMENT--------~ 
~ MOVie Tick,,.. plus Old Gklbe. Starlight Ope .... Symp/lony. &IIcI.Spa.:e Theau'r, 
Se-J World . lee Ca cs. the Circus. Live Theatres (9 events), and much more" .. 

• Use your book just rwice and it's paid for itself. 
• Only $22.50 for literally hundreds of dollars of value. 
• Offered on a 30 day-no risk-money back guarantee. 
• Share tickets with friends. 
• Send check or money order for $2250 to: 

B&BCo. 
P.O. Box 33M7 - Dept. 42 
San Diego. Ca. 92103 

• Allow 2 weeks for delivcl}'. Get it DOW for the holidays_ 



".,.., .. nesdays@ 7 
UCSD 

Laserium &: Happy Hour 
Third College Programming Group Present: lAserium with Happy Hour, 

Sunday November 29 at 4:15 in Balboa Park. Happy Hour at the fountain 
near the Reet Theatre. Showtime is 5:15. The cost (normally $5) is now 
$3.50. Tickets are available in Third College Dean's Office. Only 50 seats 
available. 

UCSD Ski Club Special Meeting 
November 16 at 6:30 pm there will be a party at the Pub. and at 8 pm there 

will be a meeting in the Recreation Conference Room. 
November 30 at 8 pm a Pre-All Cal Meeting and a movie and thumber 

tournament will be held in the Rec. Conference Room. 

ATTEr.lION! 
'IS. ART, a .... 'hlee 

ARTISTS ... 

A~T for ALTE~~ATIVE "PACES will .rr"n~p a pl,op 3nJ tim. lo 
,"'C'w y:>ur .•• 

~;hct" ·gra phs 
-Jrawlr!gs 
- PH n t i ngs 
- p"r fOrl,nnee ar t 
- r tim 

-VldE»~ 
-4Jculpture 

~p ~i'1 als: !PQnsor ycur she w t'l pr'vl11n~ a~vprt l$ln~ ~n j 
j~st~111t1 " 5'Jppll es. 

This ~ ly be y c ~r cn e '~anc~ 
to ~ain rp cc~"1 t i~n ror y ~~r w; rk. 

TAKE 17!! 

Appilcatl 0"' .re avall.ble I. the Vls" ]l Arl' Orflce (, •• 
9J). The deadline for returning appllcallon. fcr next quar-
ter is 'Iov. 1~ , 4:30 tn BJ ', Office. . 

Women Engineers will talk 
The Society of Women Engineers presents a panel of recent graduates 

will be here to dio;("uss their experiences at the new job . All those interested 
arc welcome. Wednesday, Nov. 16 at 5:30 pm in the North Conference 
Room. HP 41CV will also be ramed off at this meeting. There's still time! Buy 
your tickets at Compo Sci. Coop ($1) 

Do you communicate effectively? 
Learn how to have a pOSitive reaction from everyone you interact with. 

SAM presents: Hal · Slater certified Neuro-Linguistic practitioner. 
Wednesday, Nov. 16 at 7 pm in the Revelle Formal Lounge. Sponsored by 
the. Society for the Advancement of Management. 

Attention Future Lawyers 
Do you want to learn more about the lSAT? Come to the PLEA (Pre-lAw 

Educ. Assoc.) meeting and get the inside story from Stanley Kaplan 
representatives. Wednesday, Npvember 16 from 3 to 4 pm in the lounge 
above Student center Gameroom. 

Speaker on World Federalists 
Philadelphia Federalist ElTJest Tannen, media expert, speaks on the 

historical parallel of the abolition of slavery to the prospect of abolition of 
war today. lliesday, November 15 from 7 to 10 pm in APM 2402. Free. 

A lecture on PMS 
Is it grounds for acquittal? Fact or fiction? Find out for yourseLf at the 

lecture on Pre Menstrual Syndrome. Thursday, November 17 at 12:30 pm in 
the North Conference Room. Sponsored by the Women's Resource Center. 

The animals of the desert 
There will be a lecture on animals of the desert Thursday, November 17 

in the North Conference Room at 7 pm. Sponsored by Friends of the Sierra 
Club. 

AS Lecture Notes info. 
Attention: We are hiring note takers for next quarter. If you are interested 

corne by our office and fill out an application! 

Wednesday, Nov. 23 (9th Week) wiU be the last day to purchase your 
1983 fall quarter subscri ption! You will gel aU back issues. Bio I, 111; Chern 4, 
6A (Schuller & Wurrey) , 6C; and Math 2A 

We are in Rm 118 of the Student Center, Right across from the food coop. 

, 

Be Among the First to get 
Your UCSD Calendars! 

Calendars will go on sale Monday, November 21 at a "Meet the Months" 
Reception. All are invited to meet the people of the calendar from 12 to 2 
pm at the North Conference Room of the Student Center. 

Calendars will be sold for $4 at the reception and at either of these 
locations: 1) Assorted Vinyl or 2) The Bookstore. They make great gi fts; buy 
before the holidays, while supplies last! 

What is AS? 
Come to the AS meetings every Wednesday 

at 6:30 pm in the North Conference Room of 
the Student Center. 

Warning: The AS is not hazardous to your health - get 
involved in the first annual AS Fun Run committee. 
Contact Andy McWhiner in the AS offices. 

,Muir Program Board Meetings 
Every Tuesday from 2 pm to 3 pm 

In the Muir Apanment Lounge 
For More Information Contact 

Carmen at 695-9435. 

You are invited to take a 'Study Break' 
The Campus Crusade for Christ is sponsoring "Study Breaks" at the 

frienllesdt gathering on campus. Mondays at 7:15 pm at the Chancellor's 
Complex (Rm llI-A). Join us for an eXciting time of fellowship , 
entertainment, singing, and insight into a personal relationship with Jesus 
Christ. 

Oneg Shabbat 
Friday, November 18 at 6:30 pm in Chancellor's Complex A. Professor 

Freund will lead a discussion about '1ewish Ethics" Take a break and join 
friends. Sponsored by the UJS/LAC. 

Nol"t"r1Iha 1-1. /<)83 9 

STOP! 
Read the A.S. Bulletin 

TGIF This Week with 
Burning Sensations 

Friday, November 18 
Interested in AS Programming? Call 452-4450 

Bar-B-Q and Dance at UCSD 
The Sports Activity Board Presents this year's first Barbeque and Dance 

Friday, November 18 from 5:30 to 12:30 in the Rec. Gym. The food will be 
cooking and the "beverages" pouring between 5:30 and 7:30. At 7:30 the 
women's volleyball team plays tough Division I Loyola-Marimount. The 
UCSD squad is ranked # 1 in NCAA and is running away with the leagues. 
Don't miss UCSD's most entertaining sports team. At 9:30 dancing starts in 
the Rec. Gym and goes until 12:30. Dance to all your favorite tunes by 
UCSD's famed KSDT Party Package. All this - dinner, danCing, and 
volleyball for only $3. If you just want to dance, it will cost $2 at the door. 
Don't miss UCSD's most celebrated event of the year! 

Internship Meeting 
CalPIRG Internship Meeting for Winter Quarter. Research, lobbying, 

organizing and media poSitions available . Issues include: consumer rights, 
environmental protection & government reform. Thursday, November 17 
at 4 pm in the multi -purpose room at the Student Center. 

AIChE Chemical Engineers 
Student Chapter Meeting will be Tuesday, November 15. Round Table 

Discussion on Job Opportunities for Chemical Engineers in the Revelle 
Informal Lounge. Refreshments at 6:30 pm and discussion at 7:00 pm. Pre-
AMES students welcome. Be prepared to ask questions. 

Help support your student organizations 
Currently two of your student organizations, The Guardian and the Che 
Cafe are being threatened by a decision pending in the Student Center 
Board. For more information call 452-2311 or ask at you nearest coop. 



1 0 Novelli"'" 14. 1983 
NEWS ' , 

, ~ ~. ~~ ~~'~;":':->. ~~ ;.;;.;.;." ,.:·~/.;.;;.;·x . ' •. '.~~ , •• >' V" ~ • ",'., ~ *~:. -~. " .. ~.~ 

Che &, Guardian 
",,,wlUcdl'-"''' l"',~c 7 
prOVided . causIng renewed breakdowns 
of the equIpment. There was. however. 
$1600 provided for fumigation Ray Dye . 
former sludent chairman of the CB. 
then gmnted this fumIgation because 
the campus Architects and Engineers 
appraised the building 10 be sound 
enough for the investment. 

Toward the end of the winter quarter 
the Guardian was finally given portable 
space heaters as a Band-Aid remedy 
and was once again assured permanent 
heating would be installed in the near 
future . 

In the late spring of 1983. Mary Ann 
Mason presented a second eSllmale III 
the SCB. this time provldmg for 
wheelchair access [0 the Che Cafe 
reslrooms. The total cost was now 
$7 .000. Ray Dye PUl the request on 
hold . Agam. no explanation was given . 

Then on June.20. 1983. a 
consolidated estimate of renovating lhe 
entire ChI.' Cafe and GuardIan oITlce was 
released by Bill Bernard of the Campus 
Environmental Health and Safety 

DepJnment The total cost W,\S now 
estimated 10 be $47,100. The rc [room 
portion had now grown to $14,300. 

A rcHable source within the -CB 
commented that this bid was nO[ m.lde 
to bnng the ColTee Hut up to code. But 
ramer It was inflated to creale the 
Impression that the SCB was interested 
m modernizing the facility with Ihe 
latcst equIpment. This solid package 
esnmate of $47.100 would have less 
chance of obtaining funds than the 
$4000-5000 renovation actually needed. 

Tom Tucker was then appointed as 
.1CtlOg director of the SC B in August of 
1983 as the drIvlOg force for a new 
UmversilY Center complex. And Paul 
Jensen became hIS assistant as chairman 
of the SCB. 

DUring the November 4 SCB meeting, 
Jensen recommended a vote be taken to 
nOI prOVide the funds for their $47,100 
cS[lmate and to return managerial 
control to the AS. Ted Herzog. Co-op 
and Enterprises representative, 
requesled a [WO week exter .510n to study 
the Issue. On Wednesday, November 9, 

the he elfe obtained ,10 estllllJIC of 
Wh,ll it would cost to renov,ltc Ihe 
rest rooms in accordance with Bill 
Bernard's standards of June 1983. The 
Professional Energy Savers cOl1lractor's 
estimate was $~000-5000 ('lpproximJleiy 
30% of the origm,ll). 

In the November 10 interview Paul 
Jensen stated, "The Student Cemer 
Board has a mandated reserve for the 
purpose of covering long-r.lnge projects 
and upkeep of the buildings. The 
rem,lining balance from this quarter's 
$550.000 is $190,000. And that is where 
the funds would come from if the SCB 
took responsibilIty for this issue." 

Tucker added, "Technically thiS 
$190.000 C.lnnot be used for the new 
University Center we hope to build. It is 
for both debt service and the opemtion 
of cumm Sludem Center f.lcilities. If 
portions of it were available, I assume 
we could use some of it in the planning 
process [of the new University Cemer!. 
Just as we use it [0 renOV.lte the Nonh 
Conference Room or anything else." 

This coming Friday, November 18, 
the SCB meeting will be open to the 
entire UCSD srudem body. Tucker said, 
-Afler the SCB and the AS decide on 
how the ColTee HUI IS to be handled, 

. He's a Marine Officer Selection Officer. And he's got the 
answers to }Qur questions about becoming a Marine Corps 
Officer. He can tell }Qu: 

• You could get free clviIian flying lessons and be 
guaranteed fIlght school upon graduation from college 

• You'U start off making more than $17,000 a ~ 
• You could sign up. ~ the undergradllllle OfficerCommls-
sioning Program and earn 
$100 a month while in school 
• You could complete}OOf 

~ic training during the sum-
mers before you graduate 
with no school·~ tr.Iining 

He'U also tell you first band what it's like to be a Marine 
Corps Officer. And Ihat he's only looking ~ a few good men 
to fill these positions, Are you one dlhem? 

we need 10 form d group to sec wh.lt .He 
our choice" b there space ,w,lllablc on 
CJmpus for rrlocJtlOn? How do these 
plans lie in wllh the new Umversity 
Center? At present Ihere is no 
agreement Ihal an Jltemative space wil 
be made to ,myonc 

-Nobody is looking In any way toward 
eliminating eIther of these programs 
Hopefully some options WIll surface at 
Ihe meeting to take care of aU the 
issues. I hope that magic wand IS there ." 

, In addition to Tucker and Jensen. the 
other voting members of the SCB who 
will alTect the survival o( Che Cafe and 
the UCSD Guardian newspaper are 
Andrea Ebersol (Third College), Kay 
Elledge (Revelle), Merrilee Evans 
(Warren), Jill Berlin (MUIr), Mark 
Schumacher (Graduate Students) and 
Taiji Mijagawa (SMC). 

Petitions are being Circulated by Che 
Cafe and other campus organizations 
challenging the estimated costs involved 
and the purposes of the deCIsions 
which seem to neglect the original olTer 
made by the AS and SCB to help 
prcserve the ColTee Hut as a valuable 
asset to Improving the quahty of life for 
the UCSD s[l,ldent. 

COUNCIL TRAVEL 
BUDGET AIRFARES 

San Frandsco $39ow/$78rt 
Houston $1 1 Sow /$23Ort 
New York $1 79ow/$339rt 
London $339ow/$624rt 
Dusseldorf $34Oow/$589rt 
Copenhagen $36Oow/$696rt 
Stoctbolm $4 1 Oow/$656rt 
HongEong $435ow/$699rt 
HongEong $365ow/$685rt 
Auckland $53Oow/$106Ort 
Sydn8y $606ow/$121Drt 
Taipei $3Mow/$656rt 
Tokyo $465ow/$639rt 
Bangkok $459ow/$869rt 

Contact 
ClEE/COlJndl Trav.l 
Second Floor. Student Center 

452-0630 

Improve Your Read'ng Speed and 
Comprehension from 210 7 I,mes 

FREE INTRODUCmRY SESSIONS 
CLASSES ON CAMPUS 
San Otego Center 
2180 Gamet Ave .. Suite 2D 
Pacific Beach 92109 
(619) 27H110 
ML. McNulty, Administrator 

1. 
rt"PRl ....... IONV'EC ..... "'SSN:I rI)I 

.. 
Fussing with. the academic lifestyle 
By JAMES RALPH PAPP 

Being a professor is an extension of 
being a student. the same activity from 
'another perspective, Edwin Fussel IS 
one of those people who have extended 
~hemselves, in his case as a professor of 
English Literature . When he was an 
IJndergraduate at Pomona CoUege, the 
one of his teachers who most stimulated 
his interest in becoming a professor was 
Charles B. Holmes, Later Fussell himself 
taught at Pomona. and he anl:! Holmes 
together edited The Major Crilics: The 
Dtvtlopment oj English LIterary Crilidsm. 
It is probably not even in the obscure 
imaginings of most students to 
coUaborate on books in the future with 
their professors, although to some extent 
that is what they are doing now on term 
papers. That would be an extension of 
the academic life . FusseD expects that 
students will be academic while they are 
here and hopes they will be inteDectual 
in whatever job they are in after coDege. 

Professorship being the apotheosis of 
the academic life which we are all, for 
the present, engaged in, students can 
easily suspect that their professors were 
a different breed of individuals in 
coUege from most of us, excelling as 
academic dandies with inteUectuaDy 
debonaire styles. Always having wanted 
to be a professor. what intimate 
knowledge does the professor have of 
the ordinary academic mortal, except by 
looking down from the minor Mount 
Olympus of H6rSS? ActuaDy. most 
professors did not decide upon their 
career until they got near to graduation, 
approaching the possibIlity of graduate 
school. Fussell went through most of 
college intending to be a lawyer mther 
than a professor. Although for the most 
pan he brought home As, they were 
notably punctuated. When buttonholed 
on the subject of a natural son of 
academic fire professors are born with, 
Fussell demurred. According to him, it 
is a combination of motivation and 

persistence: You have to know you have 
a talent and work it: 

Edwin FusseD worked his into a PhD, 
collecting a master's degree on the way 
("All I had to do was pay a $10 fee and 
stick out my hand")' UC Berkeley hired 
him as an instructor (he was one of the 
professors of someone featured earlier in 
these pages, Marc Ginelsohn of the 
Cluster Library). After leaving Berkeley 
he taught at Pomona and then at 
Claremont Graduate School fot a dozen 
years. In 1967 a new literature 
department in a new university, with a 
relative ab~nce of smog, lured him to 
UCSD. 

That brings us from the concerns of a 
student to those of a professor. The 
student has to face up to a term paper, 
and the professor's fear is the 
approaching lecture (which FusseD, for a 
class he has not taught before, a review 
of American literature, must prepare 
three times a week this quarter). FusseD 
ranks term papers as more difficult to 
prepare man lectures, bill part of a 
professor's job is writing articles and 
books, which need more research, care, 
and work than either lectures or papers. 
The strength of "publish or perish" 
varies from institution to institution. and 
from era [0 em. but research as weD as 
teaching is always part of the professor's 
job. 

The lecture, although the easiest to 
write, has the extra requirement on it of 
its having to be delivered. While in a 
term paper one only has to convince 
the professor of the extent of one's 
knowledge and reasoning, in a lecture 
professors have to teach. While fusseD 
himself feels no dismay at a srudent 
possibly not going about learning things 
in the right way, he always has 
suspicion that he is not going about 
reaching in the right way. It is pan of 
this suspicion that leads him to rewrite 
every year the lectures he reuses. He 

rlrasi: 111111 Itll"lg( 16 



Fiction and now [ had a few hours respite. 

Frantic freshman infatuation 
Dinner in the cafeteria. [ would sir 

with aU my buddies from the dorm, 
horsing around, throwing jeUci on the 
windows. We engaged ourselves in the 
mindless play of squirreUy freshmen. But 
soon enough, she would walk out of the 
food line, imo the cafeteria. [ would see 
her and the blood rushed to my cheeks 
and forehead. [ would panic. "Jesus 
Christ, what if eyttyone sees my 
blushing: But no one ever noticed, or if 
they did, they just didn't care. [ would 
watch her every move, from the milk 
dispenser to the salad bar, from the 
lettuce to the tomatoes. [ would agonize, 
torn between the passion to hear her 
voice and the fear of making a fool of 
myself. Invariably she would head 01T to 
the other side of the cafeteria, and [ 
would be swamped by ~ surge of 
disappointment and ~ief. 

By JEFF EASTER 
1 would lie in bed, in the dark, stanng 

at the ceiling with my eyes shut and 
think of her. 1 breathed her, I sighed 
her, 1 heard her voice, saw her face , 
watched the wind blow her hair. Mostly, 
I suffered . 

Reason would raise its crusty voice , 
"What are you doing lying in the dark, 
staring at nothing, flushed and tense , at 
3 am, when you have an 8 o'clock class 
in the mommg?" The rest of me would 
answer, "I don't know, [ can't help it , 1 
can't help it ," and [ would sigh , long 
and fluttering, with a slight whimper at 
the end to reassure my self-pity. 

Sometimes I \vtluld shiver for several 
moments, shaking uncontrollably, 
amazed at my body's penchant for 
turning emorion into physical reaction. I 
would dream utterly monsuous and 

School drives me crazy. At least I 
think it does. AcruaUy , I don't know 
what drives me crazy, all 1 know is 
that my mind has been racing lately. 

1 met a woman 10 my sociology 
class. She sat down beside me one day 
and started to read the paper. I asked 
her if she was going to go and listen 
to John Updike lecture n campus that 
night. She said she'd never heard of 
him. I expla med that he's a famous 
writer, then class began, and [ didn't 
say anything more to her. Anyhow, she 

I ' \ . 

unspeakable dreams. The adrenalin 
knifed through my body, and just as I 
reached a state of ecstasy the floor 
would fan Out, and 1 would tumble 
helplessly IntO gloom and depreSSIOn . 

She was cordial towards me. We 
would pass on the dorm stairway. She 
would smile and say hi. The heat would 
surge to my cheeks, but [ always 
managed to force a coherent if not 
overeager heUo, and a feeble smile. I 
would walk several more steps, until she 
was beyond view, and stop, stanng 
upwards, listening to the click of her 
heels fade 01T in the distance. [ would 
hear a door squeal and slam shut. and 
then [ would stand and bum. I would 
bum with the desire to be close ro her, 
to touch her; I would bum with the 
realization that 1 never would. Then I 
would slowly trudge off to class , 

--Tom Serum --'--

Walking blindly 
into a 

Relationship 

showed up at the lecture that night by 
herself, which 1 thought was kind of 
strange. 

I spent aU last Saturday with her. 
We rode our bikes around everywhere, 
aimlessly changing senings in which 
to talk. I liked it a lot. I reaDy kind of 
like her. 

I makes me anxious though, because 
as soon as [~rt liking someone, it's 
like I'm entering a danger zone. When 
you spend most of your time by 
yourself. or with people whom you 

••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• •• •••••••••••••• • • 

· COPY COVE 15% DISCOUNT with this ad • UCSO ID. un"1 11/30/83, 
• 

of La Jolla 
Specialists in thesis reproduction, 

• • 
• 

Ii Xerox copies, reductions, enlargements 
Ii] Full color xerox copies • 
Ii Full binding service. hard & soft cover 
Ii] Stationers supplies, typing • 

Mon.-Fri. 7:30-6:00 • 
701 Pearl St . • La Jolla. Corner of Draper 6 ~ Sot. 9:00-5:00 • 

• 
••••••••••••• •• •••••• 

thinking eXCitedly, "She smiled at me, 
she loves me, she said hi, she loves me." 

Lectures are innately hard to 
concentrate on; this fact added to my 
generally IUmultuous state of mind , 
contributed ro a complete lack of 
attention . Instead of concentrating [ 
would sit, fidgeting with my pencil , 
stanng vacantly at the signs announcing 
the frat parties. EvenruaUy, so as not to 
make the hour a total loss, [ would 
scribble a poem, franticaUy throwing line 
after line on the paper. 
" ... noxious new wave narcissistic 
wench 
oblivious to the natural stench 
of babies' corpses, even of herself..." 

They were always of the same nature: 
bitter, bombastiC, confused . But 1 always 
felt relieved of a great hurd en; I had 
transferred my emotions onto the paper, 

[ would sit and cautiously glance over 
toward her to see who she was talking 
to, what she was eating, whom she was 
looking al. This would continue until [ 
couldn't stand it any longer, and then [ 
would brush off my half-eaten dinner 
and exit self-consciously, hoping she 
was looking at me but too afraid to 

please [Urn ICI page 16 

know weU, things are easy. You don't 
have to worry about what a certam 
person thinks of you. You do of course 
worry about what people in general 
think of you, bur that's dilTused and 
much more subdued. 

What happens when you admit to 
yourself that you like somebody a great 
deal is much dilTerent. There's a 
definite sense of vulnerability. You get 
scared that the person isn't as excited 
about you as you are of them. The 
threat of another unbearable rejection 
follows your emotions like a black 
shadow. Vincent Van Gogh once 
sliced off his ear after a woman 
laughed when he asked her to marry 
him. 

[s the actual humiliation that bad? I 
mean, which is worse, the pinch of 
novocaine shot or the awful days of 
anxiousness leading up to the dreaded 
dentist's appointment? 

Even if it is reaUy as bad as I hope 
it's not, [ stiD end up taking the risk. 
You never know when the gains wiD 
be worth the pains. 

[ trust fate - son of. 

AU the worrying about whether this 
rime things will work out or not, 
combined with the usual rigors of 
school, make my mind run at hyper-
speeds. 

The other OIght [ came home from 
work feeling pretty antsy. I didn't feel 
hke spending another night buming-
out with the Slereo and the 
Budweisers, but [ couldn't find 
anybody to do anything with me. So [ 
went walking around in the dark by 
myself. There were plenty of other 
people out. It's fun to imagine why 
they're out and not at home getting 
ready for bed or drinking coffee. 

Anomer thing I like about cruisin~ 
around at night is if you get away from 
the busy streets and the well-lit 
buildings and you find a reaUy quiet 
area, aU you hear ii the sound of your 
own footsteps . The steady rhythm of 
my feet hitting the ground soothes me. 
Life's easy then. There's no pressure to 
be anything, because no one sees you. 

Are you considering professional school? 

HARVARD UNIVERSITY 
JOHN F. KENNEDY 

SCHOOL OF GOVERNMENT 
..; , Is Lookillg for Fllhm' Lradrrs ill Public Affairs, -

COllie Leam Abollt Han'ard's TlI'o- Year Master's 
Program ;/1 Pllblic Policy, Leadi"g to either 

till' Mllster ill Pr,/I/;c Policy or 
Cit" mId Regiolllli PIIl""i"K Degree. 

M[[T WITH: DEAN CALVIN MOSLEY 

OAT[: NOVEMBER 15 
CONTACT: CAREER PLACEMENT OFFICE 

452-3750 
All Stl/dellls, All Majors, All Years Welcoml'! 

/o;/It D('grre Programs O[frred witlr 
Han.ard's OIl,er ProfrssiO/l/I1 Sc/rools. 

GI'IIl'rOI/S Cross-RI·:~istratioll IJril'ilt'gl's with otlrer Sclrools. 

tcStIIdc 
ya grlmng 
morosily dances 
in ~ aislts of 

my-lif~ 
i am Iatrr now 
butabmtr 
blows from my futurt 
dmlms and put mnallIS 
a windy mninder 

, of 1M society I4n8O 
i IIIways 
ptrfarmal so adeq .. atdy 
style without content 
canip«/ 

th~ pGttmled moves 
and b«om~ th~ mythm 
or just Imm 
a ntw dana CRltt 

ASUCSD Lobby 
Annex Survey 

72~ of students polled 
stated that financial aid 
should not be funded by 
student registration fea. 

Support. 
Democratic 
Praident 

in '841 
Come to a meeting for 

students interested in 
participating in a Presi-
dential campaign! 

Wednesday, Nov, 16, 4 pm 
Revelle Informal Lounge 

(behind the Cafeteria) 

- by Bonn~ E Howd 

I 

Uf'IC 1-1J.\f'IG I f'IG 

A fountain of water vapor, an enormous motded gray 
back and then huge flukes slipping effortlessly beneath 
the water. a whale has surfaced, blown and dived, 
bringing exclamations of delight from onlookers. [t 
happens every wimer along the Pacific Coast. 

The awesome California gray whales travel from their 
feeding grounds in icy Arctic seas to the warm lagoons 
of Baja California, where they court, mate and calve. The 
mature females mate one winter, gestate for a year or 
slightly more, then calve the following winter. This 
biennial reproduction cycle results in about half the 
females calving and the other half mating each winter, 
with a reversal roles each subsequent year. 

For untold generations these barnacle-encrusted 
baleen whales have followed this same migratory 
panern, encompassing a round-trip journey of 8,000 to 
10,000 miles. The main body of the herd passes San 
Diego from mid-December to mid-February, and 
nowhere in the world is there comparable population of 
a large, marine mammal so close to the shores of a 
metropolitan area. 

The San Diego Natural History Museum wiD offer two-
hour boat excursions the last week of December and 
weekends in January to witness this phenomenon. Dr. 
Raymond Gilmore, internationaDy recognized authority 
on the California gray whale, accompanies aU Museum 
whale watch trips to share his expertise. Participants are 
often treated to the rare Sight of whaleo "breaching" -
jumping completely out of the water - or "spying OUt" 
- huge head raised from the water and pOinting 
skyward . For further inlormation call (619) 232-3821. 

Yay/ 
yo .. art 
a rip~ pippin applt 
you to eat 
dlF' 
"ove you 
'sa in yo .. 
what , try to Jind in mysaf 
yo .. 'rt a loose Jittingfabric 
with room to jump and nm 
and dana 

bIow~ 
yo .. sea swtpt ~ 
into th~ comas of my mind 
rrfrtSlt m~ lilre £~ar cool \WIlD' 
on a thick \WIrm day 
tmy inch of my delight 
is I1loruk 
soft lilre spedal 

... 

GOD 

- by Chris Yo .. ng 

Can reaL stability be found in today's world??? 

The answer to this and other questions 
will be discussed in a very special, free 
one hour lecture on Christian Science to 
be given by Olga M, 'Chaffee, C.S.B, 
a member of I he Ch""lian Science Board of Lectureship 

ONE DAY ONLY 
at 

THE COVE THEATRE 
7730 Girard Avenue. La 10lla 

12 noon Thursday, Nov. 17, 1983 



Organizational Meetings 
MONDAY 
1100 pili - Re<yding Coop meeting ..,d 
dinnl!l'. In the Che Ca~. 
tulSDAY 
1110 pili - Israel Action Committ~ 
Orgcr1izational meeting. In the Revelle 
Formal Lounge. 
tRDNISDAY 
6IJO pili - U1ion of .Jewish Students 
meeting. We will be calendering t>r winter 
quarter. Come meet ~ people cwld find out 
how to be irM)l\Ied. For more info call x36l6. 
In the ~Ie Formal Lounge. 
8100 pili - Radically Inclined Snow Ski Club 
meets tonight to discuss Snowmass pl..,s 
cwld other club activities. Drop by for info ..,d 
a good time. In the Re<:. Conf. Rm. 
1HUIISDAY 
4110 .... - Helpl Art for Alternative Spaces 
needs interested students to help with 
upcoming events. So all you artists (that 
indudes Video and filml) get off your ItSII..,d 

Academic Services 
MONDAY 
9:00 .... ~ pm - Washington D.C. or 
election year? Spend Spring quarter where 
the news will be happening first hand. Intern 
with a consumer ao.xxacy or congressional 
committee and develop skills in research 
lobbying or political activism. Drop by or call 
452-4689. t..pstairs in multii>urpose room. 
1UESDAY 
6110 pili - Job Opportunities for Chemical 
Engineers. A question and answer session 
with inc1Jstry representatJves. Refreshments 
will Ile served. In the Revelle Informal 
Lounge. 
WEDNDDAY 

~1 2.M pm - The OASIS Brown Bag 
Series presents Bob Moss " l.1Ug, your w~ to 
success." An informal discussion on self-
confidence bUilding; learn how to smile can 
help yo(' become successful. Bring ,our 

ServlcesjWorkshops 
TUESDAY 
7:00 pm - US Grants Writing Workshop-
Need cash for an undergraduate research 
project 7 Apply for an U1dergraduate Student 
grant. Attendance at one of the Grant 
Writing Workshops is mandatory if you wish 
to apply for Winter Ouarter funding. This 
VIoOrkshop is invaluable to students who haVe 
never written a grant proposal Ilefore. For 
those who are expert grant proposal writers, 
we ask you to attend anyrow in order to 
receive up-to-date information. What if 
you're highly motivated and interested in 
doing a research project, bUt you lack an idea 
and/or faculty advisor7 We can probably 
help you find the missing element in O!Jr 
faculty survey notebook. Attend the US 
Grants Writing Workshop this Tues. at 7 pm 
and Sat. at " am. You'll be all the wiser, and 

m~ richerl In the Multi-purpose room, 
2nCl floor. 

1~5:OO JIIII - Campus Black Forum-
This Is an informal discussion group centered 
on issues, concerns ..,d the quality of life of 
the Black community at UCSD. It is an open. 
ongoing group, and students can join any 
time. Phil Raphael ..,d Rochelle BastJen, 
Counseling and Psychological Services, 
fadlitators. Mee~ in the Mt. VIeW LDunge of 
the Third College Apts. Students who would 
like more info can call either Phil at 452-3035 
or Rochelle at 452-3755; otherwise they can 
just show up at the meetings. 
_DNISDAY 
11»10100 .. - Re-entry Students' 
Support Group - This group Is designed for 
re-entry men and women undergraduate 
students to haVe the opportunity to share 
concerns related to their uansition into the 
academic world. The group provides a w~ to 
make contact with other older students in a 

get over here. This is t>r you. Outisde Visual 
Arts. office 2nd floor Mand. 
SIlO pili - An'1erican Chemicl Society -
Student Affiliates Meeting: Dr. Gorden 
Schlesinger will speak on "Origins ofU~" an 
area he is currently researching at UCSO. 
Refreshments will be served; f!IIel}'OOf! Is 
welcome. In Urey 1007. 
7100 pift - Lesbian Sisterhood will hold a 
topic discussion in the \XI'Omen's Resource 
Center. Topic is open t>r group choice. All 
IIIIOIl¥l welcome to attend. 
7110 pm - Speaking in behalf of ..bhn 
Glenn t>r President, Mr. Lal'ry Laurence will 
address the l.1 Jolla Democratic Club. 2942 
Honors Court, U1iv. City. • 
PRlDAY 
IaOO ~ pm - Bioengineering Cklb 
- Field trip to Beckman Instruments. 
American Medical Optics and Parker 
Hannafin Corp. Sign up outside UH 5229 
(Denise Cope's Office.) All students 
welcome. Umited to IIrst 24 persons. 

lunch; coffee provided. In the North Conf. 
Rm. Student Center Bldg. B, 
1100-4100 pili - Do you want to learn 
more about the 19\ T7 Come to the PLEA 

(pr~ICPN) edJc.assoc. meeting and get the 
inside story from Stanley Kaplan 
representatives. In the Lounge ~ the 
student center garnet com. 
THURSDAY 
4100 pili - CalPlRG Internship meeting -
Research, 1V1vocacy, Organizing & Media 
positions available for winter quarter. Issues 
indude Consumer Rights, Envlrorvnental 
Protection & Govemment ~form. In the 
Multii>Urpose room in Student ~er 
gameroom. 
PAlDAY 
I" S pili - Interested in l.1w School. Come 
iWld tour lJSD l.1w School. Presented by PLEA 

(Pr~l.1w Educ. Assoc.) 

caring environment. led by Miriam Iosupovici 
and Chris Osterloh. Meets at HL 1003. 
Students should call Becca at 452-3755. 
IIOM:IO JIIII - Alcohol cwld Substance 
Abust' Support Group - For students who 
want help in dealing with .., alcohol or drug 
use problem. Emphasis will be on 
understanding the complexity of the 
problem, identifying optionS, making a 
commitment to change, and following 
through. HomellllOl'k assignments and group 
norms will be established as part of the 
group's and indMc1Jal's program. Before 
joining the group, interested students are 
asked to call Becca at 452-3755 to make a 
short appointment with one of our 
counselors to see if the group wiH meet your 
needs. Led by Dan Munoz of Counseling ..,d 
Psychologcal Services. Meets at the Revelle 
Provost's office. 
lHURSDAY 
Z~IIOO pili - Recovering From Eating 
Disorders (RED Group III This group is 
desigled for students who ~ already 
worked on eating disorders and are currently 
in the process of giving up the serious eating 
probiems. We will focus on other areas of 
living while offering support throug, this 
uansitional time. The group will also learn 
peel' counseling techniques so that ~ can 
help others in the future. Bev Harju and Bob 
Barrett, facilitators. The group can be women 
only, or, men and women, depending upon 
the interest. The leaders would like to talk to 
prospective members at a short 
appointment. to determine if the group Is 
appropriate. Call Bev or Bob at 452-3987 to 
sigl up. Meets at Warren College Provost's 
office, weekly throughout the quarter. 
PRlDAY 
• ~1 ':00 __ - Warren College Problem 

PlllDAY 
7110 pili - Women's VOlleyball game 115. 
Loyola Marymount. In the main ~. 
Mnission students w/ID 51, others 52. SO. 
- Men's Water Polo. NCAA Division II & /II 

Westem Regional ChampIonshIpS. In the 
~ VIew Pool Fri. and Sat. all day. Free. 
SATURDAY 
1100 pm - Fendng match 115. cal State 
Fullerton, In the RK. gym. Free 

Soiving Clinic' - This time will be used for 
students who wish to call ahead or stop by 
for a 15020 minute probiem-solving session. 
In this brief meeting we will focus on solving 
a current issue which can be ~thlng from 
improving concentration or relallation, 
lowering stress, making a decision, sorting 
out feelings, roommate hassels, etc. Student 
contacts are private and conlidentlal. The 
time will stay available as long as there is a 
need or use for it So, drop by. Offered by Bev 
Harju, Ph.D., Counseling and Psychological 
Services. Serving Warren College Students. 
302 Warren campus, 452-3987. 

11100 ..... ,.00 pm - Bodj Comections 
Workshop - U~tyle management ..,d 
stress reduction through light aerobic 
exercise, nutritional analysis, weight 
maintenance, relaxation cwld self-hypnosis 
will be the focus of this group. By practidng 
healthful habits together, students can 
de\,fl)p a comfort with their ~ image, 
Ihelr weight, their level of stress and develop 
a reasonably holistic lI~tyIe. Lrd by Bev 
Harju, Counseling and Ps)Ichological Services 
and Darynn Profitt, Health Educator, Student 
Health Services, Meets at upper lounge, 
Student Health Services. At the IIrst meeting a 
series of pr~tests will be administered; at the 
second the testing will .be finished and the 
group will begin. 
IZ.JO-ZIOO pili - Text Anxiety Reduction 
Workshop. For students exprriendng high 
anxiety cluring test taking situations. The 
purpose of this workshop is to reduce 
anxiety, inspire conlldence, and imprcwe 
performance on tests. Open to all students. 
Meets are the Revelle Formal Lounge. led by 
Connie Brunig and Rick 1J(.Ih1teh!1I of 
Psychological Services . 

_ISDAY 
IlOO pIII-Open Poetry ~adlng in the Che 
Cafe. [blatIon. 
.110- iIOO pm - Robin Blaser. ~ Writing 
SerieS. In the Rrvelle FormailDunge. 
PlllDAY 
11100 __ 1100 pili - Intrmational ca~. 
In the lrumatlona/ Center. AdmIssIon soc. 
4110 pIII-Deadlne t>r show appIicationsl 
If you wantlVt for ~ Spac!s to help 
you show your work nect quarter. don't 
crt¥ PIck up an applICation ~ from BJ. 
In the \1suaI Nts 0fIIce 2nd !'OOr Mand. 

YUaDAY 
NooIt-IIOO .... - Information session 
about birth control t>r male & female 
students Tues, iWld Wed. at noon. Informal 
lecturette cwld <IscussIon - R'equiredlfwish 
to be a.. Contraceptive COIXlSeIing iWld 

Edu~ Clinic patient. In the Student 
Health Center, upstairs conf. rm. 
_ISIMY 
1110 pM - Energ,- Center Seninar: Dr. 
Margaret Maxey, Director lhair of Free 

En~. U1/IImIly of Texas. "Ethical 
Considerations of the uses of /lklc/ear 
Energf'. In UH 7104. 
7100 pM - Arst Seminar in the MJlr Res. 
Hall Seminar Series on: AIcoho/, AIcohoHsm. 
and Co-Alcoholism. For anyone Intereted in 
everything from IIgtt c:rnking to the signs of 
alcoholism. Co-alcoholism is the problMl 
that people living with or alrKted ~ the 
alcoholic face, In the Muir Apt. lDungt: 
1HURIDAY 
IZ •• ZIOO pili - P.M.S. Lecture. In the 
Women's Resource Center. 
1100-4.10 pIII- OASIS Teaching-Lrarning 
Semina'S present Dr. Douglas Magde, 
Pro~ of Chemistry. He will be speaking 
about teaching and his views on leaming. In 
!he IIlt'I Ctr. 
IlOO pM - "Origins of U~" - Dr. Gorcbn 
Schlesinger will speak about his continuing 
resrarch in this area at the American 
Chemical Society - Student Affiliate meeting 
(non-members ~111n UH 1007. 

Entertainment 
nJUDAY 
NO pm - Film "Stavisky". UCSO Int'I Film 
Series. In MA GA 55, Stud.,lSenior Cit S3. 
IlllEDNDDAY 
7100 ..... - "My Bri/li..,t Career" film, 
As/Women's Center. In TLH 107. Free. 
7 .......... - Gay ' Men's Support 
(Soup: /fyou are gay, bisexual or questioning 
)lOUr sexuality, you are welcome to join us t>r 
this non-judgemental, informal dscussion. 
Sponsored by lAGO. In TOtS 141. Free. 
Il00 ..... ·- The WiIJ of How Concert Music 
Dept In MA. GA 55, UCSO 51. 
,.. ... pili - Dirk Debonaire will be 
appearing in the Triton PUb. Free. 
Il00 .... - "OJr Town" Drar'l\ADept. Nov. 
17,8 pm. Nov. 20, 7 pm. 
PlllDAY 
Noon - Street IliIncerS Exhibition, In the 
AMIIe Plaza. Free. 
Il10 ..... -T~StonewiIlMCanamateur 

~ night in the TrltorJ Pub. Free. 
7100 ..... - Film "Messido(' & "Self Loving" 

Religious Functions 
MONDAY 
Il00 ... - Catholic Mass. Sponsored by the 
Catholic Comrrunity at UCSD M>nday-
Friday. In the U1iversity Lutheran Church. 
7115 ..... - campus Crusade for Christ 
"Stt.qt Break". Join us each Monday t>r a 
great time of fellowship, singing. and Bible 

Stu~ in the book of Romans. ~freshments 
provided - Come early. In the 
Mninlstration Comp/e1c /I/-A 
7110 pili - Bible ~. Sponsored ~ the 
catholic Student Coordnators. In "- 2322. ' 

_DNaDAY 
6100 pili - Student Supper t>IIoINed by 
Bible stu~ on "I lhessaIonlans," sponsored 

~ the Lutheran Comrrunity at UCSO. In the 
Lounge of the U1iIIersity Lutheran Church. 
6110 pili - Bible Study on " I 
ThessalonIans," sponsored ~ the Lutheran 
Comrrunily at UCSD. In the Lounge of the 
U1illeristy Luther.., Church. 
7.30 Pili - Inter-Varsity Christian 
Fellowship: Come ..,d join us for a time of 
singing, sharing and learning about 
"forgiveness." We welcome ~. Bring 
a friend tool In the Cloud's Rest on Muir. 
10100 pili - Candlelight mass. Spomored 
~ the Catholic Community at UCSO. In the 
chapel of U1lvers1ty Lutheran Church 

'lHUllSDAY 
Noon - Christian Science Lrcture: 
" Changing Time in Changing God." 
Sponsored by the Christian Science 
Organization at UCSD. At the COIo'e Theater 

Recreation 
MONDAY 
1100 pili - Racquetball Club meets tonight 
for vide<rtaping session, challenge courts 
and just meeting people who like to play. In 
the canyon View Racquetball courts. 
lUUDAY 
6.10 pili - Outing Club meets to discuss 
Ihis week's outdoor actMties. Drop by to lind 
out what this active club is all about in the 
Rec. Conf. Rm. 
7:00 pm - Women's Soccer Cklb is still 
looking for IM)I"I'leI'l interested in playing. All 
levels welcome. Scrimmage tonight . for 
everyone. In the Muir Field. 
WEDNISDAY 
61OO-UIOO pm - 301 Darts Tournament. 
Caf'll)Us Rec. In the Triton Pub. 
7:00 pm - Wrestling team is looking for a 
few good men to start working at toward 
competitiOn. NTy wrestlers interested In 
competing should attend practice on 
Wednesdays. In the wrestling room. 
SUNDAY 
1:00 pm - ' The UCSD Women's ~aosse 
Team meets LDng Beach State for its season 
cpener. Come out and cheer on this brand 
new team. On Third Field. 

CWO. In USB ~722. Free. 
1100 fIIII- East Indian Dancer. Mand. B210. 
1:00 pm - The Joffr~ II Dancers (ballet) 
UEO. MA UCSD Stud. S7, Fac/Staff S9, GA 
S": 
SATURDAY 
.... .... 9100 pm - Disneyland Trip for 
515. Get your ticket and transportation to the 
Magical KingOOm. Tickets on sale on the 
Plaza Monday & Tuesday the 13th and 14th. 
"" UCSD students welcome. 
IIOG pili - John Fonville, Flute. Music. In 
Mand. B210. 
IIOG pm - Guarneri Quartet. UEO. ln MA 
CiA 512. UCSD S5.5O. 
SUMMY 
4111 .... -l.1serium & Happy Hour at the 
Fleet theatre in Balboa Park sponsored by 
Third College Programming Group. SO 
tickets at Third College Dean's office, 
Mnission 53. SO. 

~ .... - "Requiem". UCOjU1iversity 
SyITl>ho~. In MA. 

in l.1 Jolla. 
6100 pili - Student Dinnl!l'. Sponsored by 
the Catholic Student Coordinators . 
Admission 52. In the Lounge of the U1iversity 
Lutheran Church. 7. pm - Catholic Student Bible ~ 
Group. In the Lounge of U1iversity Lutheran 
Churdl. 

SATURDAY 
SIlO pIII-Catholic Mass. Sponsored by the 
catholic Community at UCSO. At the Chapel 
of the ~ty Luther.., Church. 

SlNaAY 
... _ -Catholic Mass. Sponsored by the 
Catrolic Conmunity at UCSO. In the 
UnM!rsI1y Lutheran Church Chapel. 
IIOO&IChOO _ - Episcopal Church 
WOrshIp SeMce: Sunday EucharistiWld Parish 
fellowship. Good Samarit~ EpisCopal 
Churdl. 
lOtIO .. - Catholic Mass. SponsOred by 
the catholic Community at UCSD. In the 
/ower level. omce of Religious Affairs, 
Student Center Bldg. B. 

11100 .. - Guest Pastor Ken Behnken 
speaks at Dedication SeMce. In the Chapel of 
l..hlIIersity Luther.., Church. 
SIlO pIII-Catholic Mass. Sponsored by the 
Catholic community at UCSD./n the 
U'liIIersity Luther.., Church. 
6100 pili - Ecumenical Potluck Supper. 
Bnng main dish. salad or ~ert. In the 
Fellowship Room of U1iversity Lutheran 
Church. 
71it pili - Guest Pastel' Ed Wessling 
speaks at DedIcation Service. In the Chapel of 
U1iversity I..uther.., Church 



I 

Infatuation 
"lIillllllt'd/WI1I I)".~" J 2 
glance over. lest she find OUI my ternble 
secret. 

I would Sll <It my desk. with the door 
wide open. allempling to read my chem 
book. I would read a sentence and only 
half comprehend it, then my mmd 
would wander. I would stare off at 
nothing, listen intently for the sound of 
heels clicking on the stairway. Every 
time I heard them I would assume it 
was her and wonder where she was 

Caruso 

u I(IIOI.J wHAT" 
p~ D'~t,.. I~ : NO. 

MI'H~ HI~ 
IC~ • T'U4T' IS . 

gOing. what she would do. ,md. most of 
.. n. I would want [0 bc by her ,Ide. 
holdmg her h,md and escol1lng her and 
prOlccling her from imaglncd evils of all 
vanety. 

Then I would shudder for no 
apparent rcason, and then I would 
laugh. Ihinklng about how m;l[Jonai a 
person can bccomc. I'd resolvc 10 forgct 
her and concentrate on my chemisllY. 
There was always a penod of several 
seconds where I would blank out 
completely Ihoughdess and oblivious to 
everything, until. presently. my mind 
would snap and I would resume 
studying. Siudying. that is. until anOlher 
pair of heels clicked by. 

r---------------------------------, 
I Term Papers a Problems? Theses? Manuscripts? I 
: Why Worry - Do what Alfred E. Newman does... : 

: Use HTC : 
I I 
: COPIES 2~ Hi-Tech Copy : 
I . ONLY I 
I Xerox 9500 $17.50 an hour rate on I 
I - 2-sided copying - Cutting Word Processing I 
I - Transpaencles - Stapling No Set-Up Charge! I 
I - Reductions - Collating Free 
I - Enfcrgements - Colored Paper : 

I Directions: 1-805 to Mira Mesa Blvd. 436~682 I 
: Exit east y., mile to Scranton. right 2 OPEN 12 HOURS A DAY. MRV DAY I 

blocks to 4902 Carroll canyon Rd.at I 
I corner. Offer expires December 10. 1983. I 
L _________________________________ ~ 

If you are thinking about a career 
in the field of Psychology we offer 

Ph.D. Programs in Clinical and 
Industrial/Organizational Psychology 

• Part-time and full·time study options 
• Intensive field work 
• Strong practitioner faculty 
• Financial aid 
.APA accredited programs 

. • Career planning information 
applications are now being accepted for Fall 1984 

CSPP·Central Admissions Dept. C 
2152 Union Street San Francisco. Ca. 94123 

or call TOLL FREE (BOO) 457-1273 
in Calif. (BOO) 457-5261 

Fussell 
«II" IIJ1ln/./liHII "tI};t' I J 
used [0 Icar up all leclures and lecture 
notes at the end of every year. 'Tm tOO 
old for Ihal now." 

From a student standpOint. we know 
that professors should be worrying about 
how we go about our learning. or at 
least how we go about our work. I 
should be excused for revealing one of 
our secrets by revealing one of the 
professors' secrets. FusseD says that one 
does not, or cannot, worry about 

by Klier 

students nm prepanng for a class In a 
smaD class Ihe 'iludent IS afraid to he 
caught by bemg asked a queslion . 50 he 
docs nm come. In a large class one 
Simply does nOI know. 

This quarter FusseD is leaching a large 
lower division review class and a smaU 
poelry-writing seminar. All class sizes 
have Iheir purposes and anractions, but 
as for lecturing 10 large classes. '" don't 

e~ry day find it the most charming -
thing I can imagine." 

Large classes are generaUy required 
classes. which brings up the problem of 
teaching something to someone who 
does not necessarily wam to learn it. But 
the person has chosen the cooege 
which reqUires the course, and FusseD 
tries by the end of the couise to 
"convince them they are just as weU 
there as anywhere else." 

The anywhere else they might be is 
another interesting question, as far as 
the advantage of classroom activites over 
extracurricular ones. For FusseD the 
rewards of classroom worlc are more 
predictable. Extracurricular activities are 
more of a gamble of time and energy: it 
may tum Out to be the most important 
activi'Y in one's life, or It may not. 

The question perennially unearthed at 
interviews is how, if at aU. stUdents have 
changed from the 50s, 60s, 70s or 
whatever previous decade. The answer 
is generaUy disappointing. because they 
have nOl changed much . FusseU does 
not change his lectures for a new kind 
of audience, he rewrites them e~ry year 
to improve their qualiry. As for tailoring 
a lecture, ·You never know what the 
audience needs tiD too late: What 
makes an impression on him is the 
relati~ change of age: when he first 
started. he was teaching people only a 
little younger than himself, whereas now 
he is old enough to be the grandfather 
of his srudents. 

Following the chronology of 
beginnq with the llUdent, we end with 
retirement. At UCSD the maximum 
retirement age is 70. Some ~sent it, and 
FusseD considers it kind or deplorable, 
since some could go on teaching 10 80 
or 100. However. ·You ought to retire 
them as early as you can," to make way 
, ... the new &enaation Qr R_~~ 

!-----11tEYOGUiY(U'-ii~---~l 
I Next to BicBnr MIIrker &. The Poet OffIce in UnivenityOty. Comer oiOovernor Dr. &. Retm .. ReI I 
: Chocola~ VORS: Raspberry ONE FREE TOPPING: 
I Boysen~rry Pralim!'N'Crnm I 
I Chocolat .. Mint Vanilla j liTe I 
I Lemon Srraw~rrychl.'t'kCak.. I.e IgUq - I 
I Strawbl!rry Mocha ~ I 
I Pumpkin P .. anut Butt... I I 
I Coconu( Bfu .. oorychl!l!l«ak.. I 
: Call us for daily flavors: "'7 -2339 ~:., Gownoo Dr. I 
I THIS COUPON GOOD FOR ONE FREE SMALL TOPPING : 
I WITH THE PURCHASE OF ANY YOGURT I 
: Expires Nov 18. 1983. Only 2~ Milt'S Away! One Coupon per Cuatomer I 
I Op"n Mon-Thu lO:30am-9 :30pm, Fri-Sat 10:3Oam-l:l:00pm. Sun l1 :00am-9:00pm : 
L W .. ·rc now acc""ting applications from UCSO SruJ..nrs - • ---------------------------------~ 

New 
Winter Quarter 
Course Offering 
this year It focuses on: 

AJihough we are generaHy unaware of it. 
language Is a complex system that 

pervades every aspect a life. 
Ungulata 5 brings out some of the 

intricacy and complexity of language 
and how It affects us. 

Language. thought and CONCIoutnea 
Language and the Low 
Wr,"ng~ 

Take Llng/Gen 5 -
Introduction to Language 

Taught jointly by Professors 
David Perlmutter & Sanford Schone 

Tu/Th. 4:00-5:20 pm. TLH 104 
Course Type: Lee. Section: A 

Course Code 4653. 4 Units 
this course has no prerequisites. It can be used: 
• to satisfy the Ungulstlcs requirement for Communications majors 
• as one of the social science courses for the Revelle lower-dlvlslon 

social science requirement 
Ung/G«I 5 will 0110 be onereel Spring 19M. 

Tritons la;.;.:.,ll;;.....;l:;..:...:;· n---=-:..;..~~ 

A season of success ends early 

By G.s. PERITZ 
Apparendy nobody told the fans in Claremont to 

come in out of the rain. They were out by the 
hundreds SanJrday to watch a soccer game in weather 
more suitable for ducks than people. Even their 
cheerleader was there. a hefty.sized, bearded fclow 
named Ben. His specialry was "body speDing: and he 
seemed a htde sad that Stags had only five letters. The 
Claremont College soccer team kept up its end of the 
deal by defeating UCSD 2-0 in the first round of the 
Far West·Midwest Regional playoffs for the NCA 
Division UI championship. Oaremont wiD go on to 
play Colorado College, which defeated Wheaton (01.) 
2-1 in the other regional game. UCSO had beaten both 
Claremont (2-l)·and Colorado (2-0) earlier in the year. 

After a scoreless first half, more the result of ragged 
offensive play than good defense, the Stags managed 
two goals in the second. Steve Torti , Claremont's high-

After gOing airborne /0 make a phenolllenal save ... 

----------------------------~ 

Stnot DrMs slim through ~!'t muck and two Claremont defenders under dreary skits 

scoring freshman forward, broke the stalemate at 7:05 
of the second half with an unassisted goal from the 
right comer of the goal box. Sophomore forward Eric 
Tfiemm scored Claremont's second goal al 31:58 with 
a baseline drive. It was the 22nd goal scored by each 
player this season. It was UCSO's second shut out of 
the season, as they were blanked 1..(J by Division I 
school USiU early in the season. The Tritons finish 13-3-" for the year. 

Besides the play of goalkeeper Albeno Gomez and 
fuDback Denis Gutlridge, the game provided little for 
the Tritons to be happy about. Both players earned the 
praise of Claremont coach Steve Davis. 

"Gul!ridge played inspired defense out there. He 
played with intensity and always seemed to be where 
the ba\l was. And Gomez made a greal save on a 
header. I don't use the term 'world class' often. but 

.. , T liton goalie Alberto Gomez looks upfldd ... 

Gomez made a reaDy world class save out there. The 
ball was headed complelely behind him. He nO! only 
reached out to block the shot, he caught it" 

There was little doubt among the players or Coach 
Derek Annstrong about what went wrong in the game. 
The mood in the locker room after the game was 
subdued and thoughtful. "We're young. and they 
played us sman. We had too many freshmen that 
wanted it too badly. We had some fuDback troubles 
and we couldn't work it out the back," said halfback 
Barry Thompson. 

Dennis Guttridge was more to the point. "Our team 
did not know how to handle the playoff situation. 
Some of the freshmen were nervous about a playoff 
game. It was a must win situation. They [Claremont I 
knew thaI our main men were Schwarz: and Davis. and 

ple= tum to page 20 

... and after passmg off. savors his triumph . 



,. -

Water p-olo o~ns p"0st-season pJG1 

Harper's squad sweeps a pair at home 
, By ROBERT GEYER 

At the beginning of last week, UCSD's 
water polo team had seven' games left. 
all at home. It was the end of their 
season but the beginning of their mini-
season. during which they intended to 
go undefeated at 7-0. So far they have 
met their intent. On Thursday they beat 
Air Force (ranked 12th nationaDy) 7-4 
and ?n Friday Loyola Marymount 10-9. 

Thursday was a great day for the Triton 
team. They played a tough opponent. 
played very well and won. Their 
opponent. Air Force. a physically 
massive and aggressive team. came to 
UCSD with hQfXs of avenging their 
early season loss ro the Tritons. They 
would go home with their hopes 
spoiled. 

The game was superbly played , with a 
~-sized home crowd in support. The 
first quarter was tough. Both teams 
looked very good as they exchanged 
points with one anOlher. Dana Greisen . 
with fwo greal individual efTorts, scored 
UCSD's first (WO goals. T wiee he got the 
ball, worked over his man and blasted it 
by the Air Force goalie before they could 
foul or stop him. The quarter ended. 
tied 2-2. and although the Tritons were 
even on the scoreboard, it looked like 
they had an edge. 

The second quarter was a defensive 
one. with UCSD shutting out Air Force 
while managing only one goal 
themselves. It was an excellent outside 
shOl by Jerry Wisdom which gave UCSD 
a 3-2 lead at the hair. 

The beginning of the end for Air 
Force occurred early in the third quarter 
when Bill Kazmierowicz drew a four-
meter penalry shot (if a major foul is 
committed against a player, he or a 
teammate is given a free shot with only 
the goalie to stop him). and ~ick 
Banfield made the shot. Jerry Wisdom 
quickly added another goal, and UCSD 
was up at the end of three quarters 5-2. 
Air Force had been held scoreless for 
(wo quarters. 

The fourth quarter was a replay of the 
first, with two goals scored by each 
team. It ended lit 7 ..... with the Tritons 
clipping the fly boys for the second time 
this season. 

UCSD played a very consistent game 
with excellent play through four 
quarters. As player Ray Haywood said. 
·We knew we could handle Air Force. 
They played as well as they could, but 
we just outplayed them: 

Team co-captain Mike Bolden was 
rather pleased with the team's 
performance, saying ·We played four 
great quarters. They were reaby physical. 

but we JUSt came at them and eventuaDy 
swam them under." 

The game was a very physical one, 
and in fact Air Force's 
overaggressiveness was a large part of 
their down faR. They had aD the strength 
they needed but the finesse of a 
beached sea lion. They were constandy 
losing the baD by commining 
overaggreSSive ofTense fouls. UCSD took 
Iheir bullying. returned it and yet 
managed to do so with enough subtlery 
so as not to draw any fouls . Triton 
coach Denny Harper seemed to know 
that his team would win: "We shoukl 
have been ranked 12th nationaly at the 
beginning of the season I instead of 
17th/. and now we have proven it by 
beating Air Force nOt only once but 
twiee." Harper continued by saying. 
"The team played exceptionally weB. 
and this was the first time in a long 
time that we got better as the game 
progressed. It is a reaDy big win. and it 
gives us the momenrum we need to 
finish lour new mini-season/ 
undefeated." Harper also commended 
goalie Duncan Millar for his exceptional 
play and the crowd for the support it 
gave the young squad. 

The Loyola Marymount game was 
nowhere as close as the final lO-9 score 
would indicate. UCSO quickly took 

...... - .. 

control and was ahead 9-2 shortly after 
halftime. Harper substituted heavily. 
'allowing his weaker players a chance to 
play. Loyola started to come back. It 
ended a Iinle too close for comfort, but 
only because the varsiry team had left 
the pool and were watching from the 
bench. 

What remains for the Tritons is the 
Western Regional Championships, held 
here lit the new pool this weekend. 
UCSD finished second last year. losing 
an emOtional game to UCD. This year 
Harper says, "The baD is in our court 
and there is no way anyone is going to 
beat us if we play our game: He 
continued. "It is a definite plus playing 
in front of a home crowd and nQt 
having to stay in some crazy hOtel 
somewhere. Setting up the lDUmament 
has acme well, even though it had to be 
restnlctured. because there was 110 
outdoor lighting for night games." 

UCSO is ranked second in the 
tournament based 5OIe1y on their 
standing of 17th in the nation as 
compared to UCO's 14th standing. 
which was structured nearly one month 
ago. The Tritons feel hey wiD soon show 
how wrong the rankings can be. but 
regardless of how they fare. there should 
certainly be some superb water polo 
action this weekend. 

UCSD hosts Western Regionals 
DiviSIOn II and III Western Regionals wiD be held at UCSD's new canyon View 

Pool Center on Friday, November 18. through Sunday, November 20. Games wiu 
be played each day from 7:55 am to approXimately 5.00 pm. ucso's games on 
Friday will be at 8:55 am against Occidental or Pomona and 1:35 against a yet to 
be determined team. After that, their record will say where they go. The 
tournament bracketing is as follows: 

A 
1) UCD 
2) Claremont-Mudd 
3) Occidental or Pomona 
4) Whittier 

uHing Designs Holiday Offer 
Bring a Friend 

Haircut 
1st person $10 

2nd person $5 (conditioning shampoo ~--------, 
included 

haircutting destgners DeIIree. Louis. a Laura. 

<: 11~ Iloavm!ix » , 7556 .'5.~21" Jab 
Offer expIre$ 11-28-83 with this ad. 

914 • vw • BMW. AUDI _ .... , ........ 
German Car Specialists 

All work lully guaranteed. Factory-trained Specialist 
Mon. " Fri. 8 am • 5:30 pm; Sat. 8 am " 5 pm 

(619) 454·7823' 4630 Mission Bay Drive 
(619) 454·3705 (1-5 to Balboa Exit) 
(619) 275·1132 San Diego, CA. 92109 
------------------~----------~------UCSDSPECIAL : 100/0 OFF 
4 cyt Tune-Up $45 I on all other repairs 
6 eyt Tune-Up $65 I (except for Motor and 
(Not valid with any otller coufHm) I Transmission Overhaul) 

With This Coupon I (Nul '1lIlfd M'ilh ~"Y ullier Cl!.1I/HJ1/) 
I W,th Thts Coupon 

'WIIIfYV'lo'W'ofV'rlvOffer Expires November 30, 1983"NtlMIINW~C: 

8 
1) UCSD 
2) Santa Clara 
3) Occidental or Pomona 
4) Loyola MaI}'lllount 

ON CAMPUS DENTAL CARE 
STUDENT FEES 

For appointment 
call 452-2080 
t.1ondc:rt'-ffIdo{ 
8:00 am - 4:00 pm 
at theUC 

- .. 
Don't neglect VrAX dental heaIthI 

Keep CUlT8nt with complete dental services 
available on campus. Including examinations. 

cJeaningL fillings. extractions. and dental 
emergencies. Students and spouses only; 

. student totes. 

San Diego Health Center 

Running Thoughts 
From Atlanta, GA -

By MIKE GREENBERG 6r JEFF SAVAGE 
WHAT'S GOING ON HERE DEPT. We left for Georgia Friday afternoon after 
watching the Tritons dismande USF in the first round of the UCSD/Coors Volleyball 
lnvitarional. and as you read this column (if it's Monday at 6 pm) we art sitting in a 
very plush luxury box at Fulton County Stadium in Adanta ~ening ready to watch the 
Monday nisht Ram-Falcon football game. Actually. our box IS not as lUXUriOUS as (( 
could be - thre are two dozen obnoxious Falcon fans stufTed into this cubicle. Our 
cars wiD get a break by halftime, ~r, as the Rams wiD have run Atlanta into the 
ground by then. Anyway, we felt our obligation to you as a Running Thoughts reader 
was stftJng enough for us to go through the hassle of finding one of the cool and 
briDiant technological innovations of the 70s that aUows a writer to send copy directly 
over the phone lines. We found our good friend , Chris Mortenson of the Atlanta 
ConstilUlional dining across from us in L'Oiseau's (Georgia's Version of Maxim's) this 
morning. and ~y borrowing his Comlinc, we managed to spiel out another RT for you 
this morning. 
NOT TO BE BELlEVED DEPT. Talk about goosebumps. We spent an exciting 
afternOO.n at 5a!1ford Stac!.il!~ !n Ath; ns Saturday watching a very physical football 
game between number three ranked AiThUrn and rtumber four ranked .Ge.orgla. the 
oldest college football rivalry the South has to o fTe r. We have to admire Georgia coach 
Vince Dooley. who led the Bulldogs into the game with a remarkable 8-0-1 record , 
remarkable only because the franchise is no longer around. Even Ihough Herschel 
Walker jumped to the USFL ranks, the Dawgs had a chance to secure anOlher Sugar 
Bowl berth with a win over Auburn. The Georgia defense is good, but for as often as 
they run . the ground game can be considered nOthing beyond average. and how solid 
can the passing ofTense be with the starting quarterbilCk being "relieved" after failing to 
move the ball in the first quarter? The reason behind the team's success is Dooley. arid 
even though Auburn beat them 13-7. Georgia will still be a factor in this year's major 
bowl picture. When Auburn coach Pat Dye said before the game that his team is 
hungry. you should take it literally. The Auburn footbaD program has always been 
designed to aDow for a weD-fed ofTensive line. But oh! What a history of running 
backs. Not only wiD we see the NFL's leading rusher. Eric Dickerson of the Rams, 
tonight, but also the second leading rusher William Andrews of Atlanta who ran for 
Auburn a few yeaers ago. And talk about explosive. in L979 the Tigers had James 
Brooks and Joe Cribbs in their backfield. But wait. The 1983 version of "Auburn 
scamper" is perhaps stronger than any oc:her time in history, including the Cribbs-
Brooks duo. This year's greyhounds, Linle Train Lionel James and big Bo Jackson are a 
force. We're not sure about Lionel, but Bo will definitely be a brilliant star in the NFL. 
The pro ranks will have to drool for awhile, however, as this tank is just a sophomore. 

For Tnton coach Dell'k Armslrong. lit,. wrong learn celebrated at Claremon' Saturday. 

WAIT A MINUTE DEPT. This morning we pIcked up a copy of the Atlanta Journal 
and ~re disappointed but at the same time excited over what we saw. The UCSD 
soccer lC~m battled Claremont in the playofTs Saturday, and sure enough on page 14 of 
the Spons section was a story of the game. What coverage! How can an Atlanta paper 
cover UCSD spons while the San Diego papers cannot? UCSD spons is big-time after 
all. Anyway. we were disappointed to see that the Tritons lost 2-0, thereby bringing to 
a rather abrupt end an otherwIse successful year. According 10 the story. the rain was 
so heavy the game should have been postponed. Bul.. .. We still had hope for 
satisfaction left with the Volleyban Invitational, because we knew the Triton team was 
as strong as any in the field . But we Hipped 10 the next page of the Journal and there it 
was in bold: USIU downs the Academy in UCSD/ Coors final. In the story it explained 
that the Tritons lost to Air Force in the semis .... A sad weekend for UCSD sports. 

The ~adcmy played hell' bUI gOI down 10 business by knocking UCSD out of the tournament. 

NEXT QUESTION PLEASE DEPT. Thursday's question: Baseball has seen many 
strange trades but perhaps none that could compare to these three deals. Cy Young 
was traded to Cleveland for a !lUll of clothes, Babe Ruth was dealt to the Yankees for a 
mongage on Fenway Park, and Lefty Grove was sent to Baltimore for a center-field 
fence. Today's question: Who is Crazy Legs? The Mad Bomber? The Yankee Clipper? 
The Walrus? Answer in Thursday's edition. 
THERE'S NO WAY IT COULD BE DEPT. When the Atlanta Flames hockey team left 
town a few years back. everyone here Sighed from relief. It wasn't that the Flames were 
a good road team and the fans were relieved to see them escaping their home i.ce for 
awhile , it was because the Flames were not a good team at all and they are leavmg 
permanently. The organization moved to ellgary. Now the flames are a good team, 
and the Georgians want them back. An organization caDed BOFBTA (Bring Our' flames 
Back To Atlanta) h'ls planned a mlly for this Saturday in downtown Atlanta in an , 
attempt to stir up an interest in re-.IcqUlnng the te.lm. But while talkmg with Jim Bob 
Smith , the he,lu of the BOFBTA. we discovered J stmnge (Wist In the Flame story. 
App,uently the organization h,IU planned 10 move 10 sunny San Diego Instcad of cold 
C.llgary, but former Clipper owner lTV Lcv1l1 , already ,lfrald of lOSing hIS f,uling 
[r,!nehl sc, paid ofT the Fl,lme owner to keep the Hames ,IS f.u ,IWJ Y rrOl ~ San Diego /s 
possible. As iI result . they movcd 10 e llg,lI), . Interestingly enough, l eV in S dc,ll ,cdlls ,or 
)'C,lrl)' p,I),llleIllS of ';2'50 .000 for 1'; ),C,Ir.. , so hcl ,lUSC he no longcr owns th e Clipper 
[C,lIn . Lel' ln \\ 111 be 101 king out nc,l rly four IllIlllnn dllll ,lI"S with no C,ILI~C 

Winter Quarter 1984 
Deparl1nent of History 
Course Offerings of 

Special Interest __ 
116. LDnIalld PUMIIt -llIIJt and W. Agrarfanlfevolutlo,. 

. (4) 
A comparative treatment of the transformation from a feudal to 
capitalist base of the rural life and economy of r.ast and west 

~urope. Robert ~ ....... , specializes In Russian history, rim-
Marxist thought and furopean agricultural history. 
Tu/l'llledure, 11:30 . 12150, H55 1160 

127. 1!MroJIeMI.IeMJI' 17.1960 (4, 
A lecture course emphasizing the economic, sdentlf1c, and 
cultural role of the Jews, the Internal history ofthelr community, 
relations with the ChrIstIan rn¥>rIty, anti-Semitism, the 
Holocaust, and the post-I945 situation In Russia and f.a.stem 
furope. Rk:bard I'reaIId, specializes In Judaic and Near f.astem 
Studies. 
Tu/l'llledllre, 1:00 . 2:20, rICB 101 

ll5. S""" S'lICe 11108 (4) 
Resistance to Napoleon, Uberal revolution, Carllst wars and the era 
of pronunciamlentos. Industrialization, urbanization, Krauslsm, 
sociaILmt, anarchism. The PrImo dictatorship, the Republic, the 
Civil War, and the franco regime, 1923 -present Gabriel Tortdia, 
specializes In the history of Spain. 
Tu/l'llled:ure, 11:30 . 12:50, r~L 1117 

144. Ifulco III the 16th Celltury: Co,",uut and 
Compromise (.fL 

A close look at the dramatic history of Mexico from 1500 to 1600, a 
crucial period in ''the forging of a new society. fmphasls will be on 
the nature of late Aztec society, the cultural heritage of Spain, and 
the roles of religion, technology, the state, race mixture, and native 
resistance to the Imposition of colonial ruie. fric Van Young, 
specializes In colonial IAltin America with emphasis on Mexico. 
PI. lecture, 11:00 ·11:50, HSS 2lll 

170. IIumry of the JfleIIleNllYear f&tt: 570 - 1258 AD (4) 
This course Is designed to cover the history of the Near fast I'rom 
the rise of Islam to the fall of 8aghdad to the Mongols. Topics 
Include Muhammad as a prophet and statesman: Islam as a 
religious, social. economic. and political order: the Muslim 
Commonwealth In Medina: the Orthodox Caliphs: the Wars of 
Apostasy and the unlf1catlon of Arabia: the Islamic conquests: the 
Umayyads: the Abbaslds: the fall of Baghdad and the end of the 
Abbasid Caliphate. Wadle Jwaldeb. 
Tu/lb lecture, 11:30 . 12150, TUI 110 

174. film ad 11,.'11: the Cldcallo lAperfence (4) 
A ODe-quarter course on the Chicano experience portrayed through 
film. Certain films and documentaries will be shown and discussed 
which address major Chicano social and political LwIes. The course 
wDl emphasize the relationship between history, sockty, and film: 
stereotypes and social reality: Ideology, art and politics In the role 
of ftlm (85 mass media) In a social struggle (the Chicano 
Movement). D .... PI"" specializes in Chicano history, 
borderlands and ~tin America. 
PI. lec:bare, 12100 - 12150, HItSS 2321 

rUASE /fort: COIUlECTIOif TO SCIII!DlJU 01" ClASSI!S: 
lIistory 119 European Intellectual llistory will be taught as 
originally scheduled. Tuesday-Thursday. 10:00-11:20, PItLll17, 
Professor David Lu{t. 



Playoffs 
LmHIIlUl'd JItlIll pug .. 17 
they swarmed them front and back." 

Siuing off to the side, head in hands, 
an exasperated Alberto Gomez 
wondered about the game. He seemed 
to shoulder the loss hardest of all. 

them physically at all. For that matter, 
mentally we were not quite re<1dy. In the 
end it just comes down to the 
game .... On the day they played to the 
conditlons much better than we did . 
Experience is experience, and today we 
had an experience. We need to do 
some recru iting ... defenders, a couple of 
fo rwards. We're losing IDavel Griffin . 
He'll be hard to replace. He may be 
coaching next year. which will be a big 
help, to have him involved in the 
program." 

The Tritons are a young team. Most of 

They posted eleven shutouts this year. 
They defeated twO top-ten Divtslon III 
schools and earned themselves a spot in 
the regIOnal playoffs. Beyond their talent 
and enthUSIasm the Triton soccer team 
has a deep and abiding respect for their 
coach and each other. To a man the 
players credit Armstrong for the tcam's 
turnaround. Besides getting good talent 
to come to UCSD, he has gonen the 
team the exposure so important to the 
success of any athletic program. He also 
happens to be one of the best from line 
to line. The concept of team play was 

be able to play other sPOrts for a 
ch<1nge, to not ache aD the time. But 
there is a sense of displacement as well. 
No longer is there the daily camaradene 
of teammates, the pleasure one gelS 
from individual and team competition 
and the joy of winning. For David 
Griffin, team captain and graduating 
senior, this is particularly true. 

·We are not the same team today we 
were the rest of the season. I don't 
know what happened: lack of 
confidence, lack of movement. The first 
half we held them, but the second half 
was a different story. I don't know." 

Armstrong held a "team only" meeting 
after the game He is not known as a 
man to mInce hIS words, and some long 
fa es came OUt of the room later. He 
offered some thoughts about the game. 

See game statistics - page 22. 

-A lot of the goals that I've been 
working on , for myself and the team, for 
the IaSl four years are finally happening. 
To get respect for a program, the respect 
that comes from winning, it 's Important. 
The wrole idea is to get people and the 
school involved; it 's beyond personal 
gratification. In four years the program 
has undergone many changes. We had 
people like Bill Bullock lassistant coachl 
and Jeff Comfort who helped build the 
program. I wish they could have been 
there on the field today. J1I stay 

'T hey scored two goals on us. The 
goals were physical errors, and you 
cannot make errors like that In a 
championship game. There's no 
substitute for l>layoff experience. We 
really didn't peneu-ate; we didn't match 

- • 

them can look fotward to playing 
together for twO or th ree years, those 
that can acknowledge maner-of-facdy 
that they will be back, that they will be 
around for a while. They know just how 
fa r they have come. This is a team that 
went from 7-8-2 in 1982 playing in the 

. .NAlA to 13-2-4 in 1983 in- Givi!ion III. -

LAULA 
VI (LAGE 

See Our Convenient 
V.C.S.D. Locationl 

(By Samson's) 
La Jolla Village Convenience Center 

E Y E ~c ARE -'~ 
...------ii STUDf:NT DISCOVNTJII-------. 
• Soft Contact Le~ .. - ................. $125 

(Complete with fum and rollow-tJp) . 

· fxtended Wear Lenses ... - .............. ' $250 
(Complete with [urn and rollow-Up ) _ 

• Contemporary t'rame.s ............... 15% orf 

Dr. Jeffrey Ansbel 
Dr. "iebolas Green 

Present This Ad With Stu 

To friends, students 
and colleagues of 
Professor Armin 

Rappaport: 

A memorial service 
will be held at the 
Mandeville Recital 
Hall on Thursday, 

November 17, at 
3 pm. 

Savor the Flavor 
of Authentic BBQ 
f$j-l?FF-l 
I any Item I 
: Does not include dessert : 
I or beverage Items. I 
L Offer eXpires 12·1·83. J 
----------UMo.t'.BBQ 
623 Pearl St, La Jolla 

454-7597 

this WEekF==========n 

lhursday: 

Spttns«ecI by: Student Center 
~=========AdmlssiGft f"£E 10 ,II evettts =========:::!I 

exemplified by Alberto Gomez, who 
wanted it known thai hiS shutouts were 
more the result of the fine defensive 
play of his four fullbacks than hiS 
individual skills. 

The end of an athletic season is a 
bittersweet expe~ncs,.. The ~rs are-
giro 0 not nave practices every day, to 

involved somehow. It's nice to see the 
team reach the level it has. , won't be 
here , but they will , so that's okay. Four 
years goes so fast you don't realize it 
umtl it's-over: Btu" "Sl.Irt e rlfoyed it.' 

So did we. 

UC SAN DIEGO 
INTERNATIONAL 

rIL~·[RI[S 
1· 9·8·3 

J 974 II 7 III... Ftwtct 
Dir«tt4.,AIIhI Rn .... MIh}MI·I'tnII~. 

" 

SlINky II IbouI dIr daIh 01 • fmN:h swincIrr-IUllled-lnlanalioNl-
~ .. d dIr daah 01 .. epoch; • .-.I piecle . 

flied willi • mtnadJll, jNa __ , ... 01 ckcadmcc and diad. 

AU Ill ... thawn In oriKlN I Ia_ with ErcIIsh lubdd ... 

November 15, Tueeday, 7:30 pm 
Mandeville Auditorium 

GrA. $5.00, Stu. &. Sr. $3.00 
'-----,--___ UCSD Box Office: "'52~559 ____ ...,..---J 

Available at the Bookstore 

• • ..... _ !-!:;.i I ...... ., 

'/ 
Houri: 

Mon.-Fri. 8-4:45 
Sat. 10-4 

UCSDICoors title eludes Dannevik again 

Air Force shoots down Tritons in Pavilion 
By CHRISTINA KAUS 

The championship match in the 1983 
Coors Invitational Collegiate VoIIcybaD 
T oumament on Saturday evening was an 
exciting one. Unfonunately, the Tritons 
weren't in it. Earlier in the day, the 
Tritons lost their semifinal match to the 
US Air. Force Academy ~ the eventual 
champiOns - 15-11. 15-12. 

The tournament started out extremely 
well for UCSD. After Friday's 
competition, the lady spikers were 
undefeated. In the process of achieving 
their 3-0 record, the Tritons defeated 
Division I teams Northern Arizona 
University and the University of San 
Francisco. The Tritons also defeated 
rival Occidental for the third time this 
season. 

The Tritons' toughest match was the 
first one against NAU. It went the full 
three games before UCSD won it with a 
decisive third game score of 15-6. They 
also won the first game 15-12 before 
dropping the second 15-11. Molly 
Wheadey notched 17 kills, an "exceDent 

. game" according to assistant coach Mike 
Hipp. Debbie Doran also had an 
impressive spiking perfonnance with 12 
kills. 

The second match wasn't eycn close. 
The Tritons soundly defeated USF 15-1 
and 15-11. Kristin Kilbourn and 
Wheadey each slammed six kiBs. 
Occidental was also easy preL: UCSD 
won 15-9 and 15-8. Both KI m and 
Wheatley again played an c.:eIlent 
game. with 12 and ten kiDs respectively. 

"lulu Schwanz had an outstanding 
day," said UCSO coach Ooug Oannevlk. 

"Sht~ying extremely well. The team 
as a is playing reaDy well today 
- very consistenL' On Friday, the 
absence of llalting middle blocker Karin 
Kalk, due to i'lness, did not hann the 
team's chances for success. 

Despite UCSO's loss to USAFA on .. 
Sarurday, coach Dannevik said the team 
perfonned well on the coun. "We just 
made a couple of mistakes and they 
dldn'L· Assistant coach Hlpp also 

Stnlor captain Lulu Sclnwlltt stlS 'he ball as Christy Wilda prepares to ft* a spilte. 
Molly WhtstIty toolr em of the rnt by slamming Ont of her 17 ~ against NAU. 

.Colo ..... P ... ... 
8855 Villa La Jolla Dr. • Kroy Lett ....... . 

457-3775 • 1,008+ Priclllg 
(Near Ralphs & Sav-on) • FolcUas 

Telt Anxiety Reduction 
Workshop 

Open to all students 
Friday, November 18 

12:30-2:00 pm 
Revelle Fonnal Lounge 

The purpose or this workshop Is to reduce 1IUdcty, Inspire 
conftdcnce, and I~ pcrformancc on tats. 

Led by Connlc BrunIg and lUck Whltehlii 
or~SeMca. 

WIth the wtest education 
from Sasson, Sebastlon, &. 

Toni & Guy ... 
Let Us Design 

A Style For 
YOU, 

~:ou:I1e VOl geneIOUf pahoIlog8 
appI8CloIed. 'Ne haIIe made our Fist nme 
customers Only rate apply to all uc studentsl 
UCSD S1UDENT RATE: 
Women ... S15.00 Reg. $25.00) 
Men ....... S12.00 

pointed OUI that the USAFA women 
were much bigger and Slronger than 
UCSO·s. "Bigger girls create a bit of a 
problem for us." In the match, the 
Tritons had only one block, well below 
their season average of ten. 

Despite the setback, Dannevik was 
very satisfied with the team's 
perfonnance on the day. Fortunately for 
the Tritons, USAFA is a Division I team, 
so the loss does not affect UCSD's 
number one national ranking in Div. III. 

The championship match between 
USAFA and United States International 
University, another Div. I team, 
generated most of Saturday's excitement. 
The match was "unbelievable, a fantaSl ic 
final" according to Dannevik. The match 
went the distance, and it was the third 
and final game that had speCtators on 
the edge of their sealS. USIU Slaned the 
game with a quick 10-0 lead, built it up 
to a 14-4 advantage - and then lost it, 
17-15. The victory made the Academy's 
journey west weD worth it. 

The All-Tournament team announced 
on Saturday included two players from 
USAFA, three players from USIU and 
UCSO's outside hitter Molly Wheatley 
and sener Lulu Schwanz. 

But perhaps a greater dtsappcintment 
came Saturday when the Tritons were 
infonned that they would not be hosting 
this year's NCM Division Dl Rcgionals. 
Instead, if as expected the Tritons make 
it thar far. they will have to 8y to 
Juniata, Pennsylvania. "We are shocked," 
said Dannevik. "We don't think it's fair 
that we were number one nationaDy aD 
season, soundly defeating all other Div. 
III teams, and we still don't get 10 host 
the Regionals. We feel we've earned the 
right to host the matches: 

UCSD has already been confirmed 
Ihe number one seeding benh in the 
H·team toumament, which makes the 
location choice of the Regionalci even 
more incomprehensible to the Tritons. 
"The NCAA isn't telling us why, but we 
are protesting," added Dannevik. "But it 
may not do much good: 

Call for 
AppoIntment 

3251 Holiday Court 
Suite 201 

(AbcNe St. Germaine's) 
----:-.. -----------



22 N'l\~IIII)':1 14, 1983 

The referees were a factor in an carry season game at 
Claremont, but they dldn'l cost UCSD Ihis lime. 

GAMEATA 

1st half 
2nd half 
··Total 

Amid sloppy conditions, an inlense IXnnis GUllridge sels 
to drive Ihe ball downfield. 

Grenada 
• • opinions 

continued from J 
these things again." 

FinaUy, RusseU Andalacio, a student at 
Mesa College who spent the formative 
years of his life in Grenada, spoke. He 
gave an historical background of 
Grenada from the days when. rather 
than submit to European colonialism. 
the entire native population leapt to 
their deaths from the chffs, to the early 
days of independence trom Great 
Britain. He said, ·So long as blood flows 
in the veins of Grenadians there will be 
resistance to the foreign domination." 

He told the students that "Americans 
have a responsibility to your history" nOl 
to oppress a newly freed nation still 
trembling from its revolution. He 
reminded students that it was 13 years 
before the US had its first election after 
its rellOlution. He requested lime for 
Grenada to puU its government together. 
He also said that American interference 
is ethnocentric, because different 
countries have different definitions of 
democracy. American representative 
institutions are extraneous to a country 
of 110,000, where dtmocrocy in the 
classical sense 01 the word is entirely 
possible. Villages of 200-300 people may 
meet to dec;ide their fares. 

His speech was interrupted at one 
point by some Revelle students who 
unfurled an American flag while playing 
Wagner at fuU strength. This aDusion 10 
the movie Apocalypse Now was lost 
neither on the audience nor on the 
speaker. After disgusted dismay, the 
microphone power was increased, and 
the music ceased. Cut shon by time. 
Andalacio finished to steady applause. 

Yet the audience did not disperse. At 
tables set up by the sponsors, students 
wrote letters to congressmen and 
senators. Large groups of students still 
spoke. debating the relevance of the 
rally and the intensity of the Issue. One 
exchange student from Mexico said, 
"San Diego students are ... said to be 
apathetic .... This IS proven not to be the 
case." A CARD member found it to be "a 
much larger turnout than expected, and 
a lot of people stayed around after the 
raUy was over, discussing and debating 
the issue." 

Crossword Answtn 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
WARREN ~and dorm~ Come IotheAdopl-
A Dl:i'm,tdapt~ dilYW and donee Sol Nov 19. 
.5:JO 01 the Dorm Quad (1I:lIIowC bv donee w/lNe band) fiIIlJJ commur.. gel a __ (11/1.) 

~S ~ 000 lIudenh.~caII '-~455-
12601 ",459-5666. (11/17) 

Aiband ~; e..rt In which tIUdIntI ~ lOt. 
papUar \IOCOlIItI by ~~ to .... ,Icnown oongl (()me 
and waIcII Nov. la, 8 pm ~ Cole. __ FfM. 
5pc:It-..-:I bv _ (11/ 17) 

- Bay """""" o.m. - \Mnduftna _ Degln Sal. 
Nowmbar 19th. Fer mor.Wo COIl 48&-.1036. (11/14) 

IfYOO ARE an: with BRAINS .1NIIIATJVe. dI<Ip bVthe 
"""""'Ileal "IiI cIub..-no on TueodaV Nov. 15 
at 4 pm In 62D5. (_s. A>I*' • ollie< ""-ed 
Iludents -.re. (11/14) 

Fer IIlrTUaltng parW ~~ 0 ITlOIIng moot court 
.-ian. and an cppariun/ly to ~ and ~ ""'" a 
..aiIoIy d p_""s 110m the cout ~em. _ 
cI/nIca, ~ _ and ollie< IIeIcII Inc:IuclIng 

UCSO.OIIendtheta1~~m.Nov.la.19 (11/14) 
Altwttton ~ ~ studentsl Come to an IrtormanII8 
"-~wIII heIp~wIth IMNlER REGISlRAIlON andwlll 
......., " g.neotlI educoItcn ~ts IlE\.Rlf 
R£GISTRATION MID ~NTS !£SSION will be held 
Frida,< Nov. 11 """'9-10 am 01 H1..1«l2.Mondav. Nov. ,.""'" 
1-2 pm 01 HI.. 1148 and Tu.dav.NDv. 15hom9-10InHl..I205. 
(11/1.) 

Jain '.bn-J'boI and 10\18' IIarH'\:loI " rom-;ng fram 8 cajon 
arao to UCSO and bock. W In'-lled COlI i.e at 511&-lall 

~(11/17) . 

-.g pacI\OeIWtd. 7-9 pm. Fri.1MI pm. Sal . • :kIn l30-
5:30 pm. ....-tIng room. /IvYv ~ call Ale. DeQI. IX 455-
0/IQ2. (11/17) 
Alf£ DINNER tor 111 IJJ WARREN cot.MJIERS. MMt Dorm 
I*lI)Ie and IWIa W/UI/f IIIINO. Nov. 19, .... Dorm Cbxt SIiJI i.IP 01 the _ PIoooIrs 0IIc& (11/14) 
TNdd _Son DIego? lI1en '-1he1aol_0I~ 
No\/.l'111\ 9am to 9 pm. TlcUII_an .... tarS15d~'. 
PIOOOII 0III0e. ... OC sIWen1s ....",..., (1he COlI __ 
1!aNIlOrt.) (11/ 14) 
Sal DIego ..... ideo ~ Scholars InvIIw VOl to twar ~ at 
o ~ TooI." a _ by Mna Aao.II1 .. n{j, Ph.D" 
WodneIaa\I, Nov. 16 at 7:30 pm. Rm l11-A. ~ 

~(11/1.) 

FOR SALE 

- ~ boa, C\aIom COI'It. tIocrmoll. MaIoear.<. Call 
481-1529. (11/14) 

kf JIc¥aIe 12--'. 26' trt.ne, aHovOOfT1)Oloents. Tae<:liIlo. 
- IlUI'Il>. saoo, Lauw\ 464-SXJ7. (11/17) 
Mons cIaI'*>g Ralph Lauw\ F"cIo CoIWIIOeIn ""*' IIIgI\IIV 
-.-. -- ., VOl buy ~ lIMo coals Ihi1I """" 
- woaII CXlItono_ Calla poIoIIanc:t ClI)pO/I,t".rt 459-5232. (11/14) 
-'dIdca s...ats. branc:I '-. DIIIwent sIreI. COIaIIIn _ Call 
481-1529. (11/17) 

1983 Teac 11-300 ec..te o.ct< (""',002, dQIbr.)_. 
IMIn belL ~ $120. (~matI order) ..... oIIIr 6t-
30110. (11/17) 
1918 Ford raIrmanI. 2doar IlQrOIap - 4 opeed, artYlm racIo 
- low ~ iDlOS negotIoCIe - call _ 569-6282 
-.Ingo. (11f14) 
VW BUS - Vetv ..uabIe - good running condition w/_ 
engIre- _POint 514OO-~, (17/1) 
MoIlIng """" .." 1910 cr-v NcM::J. _ braI< •• .....-.. 
SIIOOcaII PNlIppe452-2572 daf. (11/1.) 
~ RoetoeIW 1983 Trlftn with ratsIrapo and urMnaI 
lWd",- rnonttw. Call Jack 452-00119. (11/14) 

LOST Be FOUND 

looI bel--. GoIathea -..ce Hall and the ScIence 
1!uIIdI~ 0'30-10 pm: "_goId plerced_ng 
band Call Joan Forsythe at 452-2320 '" MerIon 
Jana (11/21) 
CaIcuIat", rouna Call and ldentllv I'I"IOdeI and plaCe __ 
Ioct Todd 756-4079 (11/15) 
Loot- Gold SeIIco woman', ..aICI\ In batIYOOm behind police 
station REWARO. 4SI-2259 (111 14) 
Lost·llcatet>oortton TonwvPtn. R\:I. (lCMI'IoIllr.>eIlepaltong 
lot) on 11/3.-510. ~272~19. (11/1~) 

BIble Found: IOenIft( model to claim. call Todd 755-4619 
(11/1~) 

/'ooMd 0--'1 In lhebad< doarcl mvbelge Aabblt on 10/29 
atallQlly an _'nSolana lleach CaIIt./Ianial464-2057 
WyOtJ,...... any Info (lV14) 

PERSONALS 

1COIhV. 0anamIc_. _ , Julie. MonIca. Joanna. HIllary. 
MaIganne. 9.uome. UIys. and Hally. It's ..- Irop/IaIton 
_I 7 days d 1o\Ie. -. "*-"p. ,.".,.."... ana 
goeaIlUnII Yau1I <Isc:oI« _ MOl meaning d AOII and low" 
~ ...... You.."".,.,.,.. _ II)eC/aI to UI and _ low 
~"AoMo. the sIsI .. 01 A/pI'Q OInIcron PI. (IVl.) 
ICOIhV (the ott. bIy) - "'*' 0I'I\'IT10I8 doors latoly?l SItek 
~ me kid and nl r.acn VOl rll;;ltI Study up 10 _ can gel 
daWn to IOITl8 _ fUn In IIOlll1IeIng VOl' big Ii.has _ an 
educaItonaI ~II (11/14) 
Joanna - I'm locking r~ 10 cur wild _endl initiation 
" In 5 aavs and _ ',., nu:h to lock IoIwad loll I'm proud 
~'re mv f/OIIt _ ., ......... to gaad tHendI" . NIIncy. 
(11/14) 
LVB: Ycu're aJCII a oozy crazy bIIdtI 

Marganne: _ !s warm fun. and """', you """ a .,ar? 
..oPI1 01 ea.n.t _ to VOl .. low. Deb (11/1.) 
Julie - the lime !sa/moot _rmoogladyou·remv'illle., 
Alpha low. Uoo. (11/1~) 

Hatene. ., glad you ore aaan )oIt*'Il1he ranks d initiated 
/fOIfL You.,.. a 1p!JCiaI1ItIte .. Alpha ""'- PI:> (11/1.) 
Sid Vall .on. 7-1 • . 5 da(o-nIghts. lodging, lin ItdteIs. 011 
Included S2Q0. Doog 287-3oiIOO. (12/1) 

QJ-.' ""'" to be hugged .. by !'OUIJa!. (11/14) 
9d Utch Nov 23-27. 3 nights. Porte CIfy CancIo 4 ~ UII 
tlcItats. parfy. hcntpoItaIlOh $1Q(). Doug. 287-3«Xl (11/17) 

HOUSING 
f'eITlaIe IO<lITln'laI8 wanted 10 _ '"' In Del Mar cando. 
Pool. jacuzzl. laundry. _ to -. clooe to beaCh *' 
mInu18I to UCSO. S200 ma uItIs. Inc. Call MInd\< at 4I1-5S30 (11/14) 

!loom a.aIIabIe lor """ In Sol IIch Cando. S1761mo pIuo u_ PI:>o/Ijacuzzi. ColI Joel 156-3675 All. 17/1. (11/17) 

TRAViL-

WANTED 

SERVICES 
• 

Need a I\IpIII7 Reaoor "'*>Ie. ~. Acc:uaIe. CaI_ 
57(>-1277 anyI1rTw. ~ SIMca ('7/1) 
UlWt'ANIB> .-REMCMD ~V neat ~ La 
Jolla PIaIoouIanaI Center. &geO \ilia La JcIa Ct. SuIIe .11JJ.C 
CoIl tar appI 453-lOoIO. (I>( 7) 
Typing - $1 _ page Dlacauntl AII<JIIabIe at 1Qnjc0's CopIeo 
(La .bIta \o111age !Q.oe) '" call 279-3243. (12/ 1) 
51",_ Typing' Word ~ Q58() 8Ioct< MIn. Rd. St. 
G Sludent -. _ 578-4Wf. (11/28) 
TVPNGt RUSH J08SI1enn papo. -.na. _ , IIOnscripl/on 
Jan.". 274-5006. ( 12/1) . 

E>rcepttonat I'IP/ng - all ...... Super IBM III Coroecllonl 
spelling. M80Iby rost SIII'JIce 4eG-113a. (12/ 1 ) 
Term __ - _ . dI-" low rat ... fait oeMce. 
PIo-Type. 454-6860. La ..bI/Q (1)(7) 
Fo,t, .""",leneed typist. Stuctent • p.aI P_'. C""'4X*"cOI/-.ng Noar campus ~732 _ . _ 
(12/1) 
TYPING - Focut1y/StuaonlL QlCIIII\I_ Il8asanabIe IOIeI 
TCI!* olio. SonOt. 459-581a. (17/1) 
T'!PIng/~ ""'"" PfQCIeIIIno Term papers. repaI1s, 
.......... fall. reasonable lOla 481.azoe. (11/28) 
Foat acc.-e, high ~. oame dav oeMce Ia uncIIIr 15 
pagao_. N.a UC$O. ColI r.ov at,.,. 0152-1393. (11/1.) 
Tw>InIl _ '''' -'/focullv. _ /TlCInUICtIpIs, 
baa'" - 10 YfI-.p CoIl RobIn. 571-6982 (1/12) 
TypIng Term Popers. Ilepats. MIle CorIec1ed, 95C pg IBM 

Selectric Coil Bee 753-7356 Please so.e ad. (11/21) 
00 VOl .-:I monev tar 1ChooI? We can Iacat • .::haIaIshIp. 
~. eJOMt a loan sourceo """ you """"" tar ttvcugh 
"'" ~ searCI\. Fer mono ~101i1Ot1''n ccntcc1 : 
Internallor lOt SchaIcnhIp _ 11109 I.oma 51 . Salto 
BarbcIa. CA 9311» A>. (1105)5/19-05119. (12/1) 

Crossword 
ACROSS 
1. Wooden one duDs even vampire 
teeth .5_ Business degree (abbr.). for 
restaur,Jnt managers? 9, I choke on 
this food 12. English drink advenised 
on shins 13. Members of rich family 
found on the breakfast table 16. 
Exclamation of surprise at the 
dnswer 17_ Chocolate-bearing 
rel.uive 18. Dock warrant (abbr.), even 
for unloading eatables 20. Condition 
of perfect pasta 22. Vegetable San 
Diego's architects are nOl fond of 23. 
Pan of the mind where smoked salmon 
cravings rest (see Freud) 25_ Qualities 
shared by bays, tables and a depaning 
guest 26. Produce water at the well or 
information at the station 28. Avenue 
of the White House cook's public 
address 29. Extent of a potato's 
sense 30. Mathematical dessen 31 . 
Seafood of approval (pI.) 32_ What 
one is dble to do with preserves 33. 
What one must take for a choice 
between marble cakes 35. In a similar 
manner to the clue 36. Vitamin which 
helps on to exits 37. Why one gets a 
sinking feeling at Welsh food (pI.) 38. 
Result of anorexid netvosa (acordmg to 
the National Enquirer) 39. P()(ato dish 
in Genrude Stein's broWnies 43. 
Vitamin which helps the Sight (or is 
th,1I An 44. Good m SWImming but 
not drinking water (abbr.) 46. Food of 
the gods. made at home with fruits 
(With, I am sorry, the B left out 49. A 
source of food to look .It 50. The 
hiStory of Italidn food in J ludiCrous 
Jccent 51. To become Jgitilted or 
worried on the stove 52. A room or 
ream, neither to do with food 
(abbr.) 54. Exclamation used to caU 
,lnennon to the answer 55. Shrimp of 
.l Frenchm,m 57. Shoots animals for 
cooking contJiners .59. Money begged 
for food or anything else 62. In which 
one forms food, .lnd wh.lt forms around 
food 63. Poem to haggis for which we 
.Ire in debt to demented Scotsman M, 
Common preposition of dishes for 

answers on.pl!ge 22 _ 

which we are in debt 10 the 
French 6.5 . Fruit alway if! groups of 
two 66. Two letters, meaninglessness 
ordUy 67. Stammering shot to down 
bird.s 

DOWN 
1. Basic food Slicking papers 

together 2. The number of patrons 
eating the Prime Minister's street 3. 
Consume, no pun 4 . One's son 
revealed in one's edible organs (or 
rather tlttirs) 5. Two letters which speD 
candy 6. legume already existed 7. 
No spice in particular 8. A single 
dnswer 10. Food one gets by working 
the oars 11. Thorium (abbr.), no doubt 
very unpleasant when found in a 
dish 14. Eat too much food (strange) 
(abbr.) U. As one carps at a fish , one 
does this at a bird 19. condition 
gained from the spice sage 21. Total 
digestible (abbr.) nutrients 22. Hot as 
an _ 14. IXep fish with . 
scales 27. Manuscript of the answer 
(abbr.) 28. A fish in a certain 
location 30. PlllfJI pun of a 
mathemJtical dessen 32. Quiet 
shellfish 33. Plur.ll answer (abbr.) 34. 
Anti-soul food organization (abbr.) 39. 
Hilarious meat 40. Shipping receIpt 
(abbr.) for eaubles 41. Dear sticky 
breJkfast food il. Dried frull I give 
nothing for 45. MeJt eaten on the 
run 47. The parliamentaty title of 
Punch 's food writer 48. Which archaic 
spdling of ice it lillie m.ltters "9, A 
powdery starch from the SJgo palm (free 
clue) 51. Only one fish for 
dInner 52, Dinner staple gyr,lIes of the 
tdble 53. Popular pie filling of young. 
cooks .54. Method of soup drinking by 
norther Scandinavi.ln 5.5. ExpenSIve 
food kept with many seCurity 
precautions .56. It was a drunkard he 
looked for 57, Vegetable of which one 
must mind several 58. Rap used to 
open can of diet soft drink .59, Under 
a IJrge s.mdwich 61. The family's cook 
to an advanced degree 


