
I'icml' lui'll I () 1l(J~l' 6 



Applications for US Border Palrol 
agent positions will be .tccepted by the 
Office of Personnel management 
between November 14 and December 
16. The Border Patrol is a mobile, 
uniformed law enforcement organization 
responsible for enforcing US 
immigration and n.ttionality laws. Agents 
work to prevent smuggling and illegal 
entry of aliens into the United States 
and to deteer, apprehend and initiate 
departure of aliens in this country 
illegally. The approximately 400 
positions have an entty level of GS-5 
(with a salary of 513,369 annually), with 
advancement to GS-7 (.tt 516,559 
an nuaDy) after .t pro6'ationary year. 
Agents are promoted to the GS-9 
Journeyman position after an .tdditional 
year at a salary of $20.256. Agents may 
also earn from ten percent to 25% 
additional pay for the performance of 
extra duty time. Successful candidates 
will report to duty stations in the border 
states of California. Arizona, New 
Mexico and Texas. Application cards for 
Border Patrol agent positions are 
available at US Border Patrol Sector 
Headquarters, 3752 Beyer Blvd. , San 
Ysidro, California and the Office of 
Personnel Management , Federal Job 
Information Center, 880 Front Street, 
San Diego, California between November 
14 and December 16. 

• 
Doctors at the UCSD School of 

Medicine are testing a new drug which 
may help control the outbreak of 
shingles. a painful skin condition in 
which blisters erupt, enlarge .tnd 
become sores which finally scab over 
and heal. Volunteers who are at the 
beginning stages of a shingles outbre.tk 
are needed to participate in the study. 
Partidp.tnts will eIther be given the drug 
dcyclovir or a placebo for the durdtion 
of the outbreak. The drug is taken ora Dy , 
and participants will receive Ihe drug at 
the clinic.tl research facility .tt the UCSD 
Medical Center in Hillcrest. In a similar 
study conducled over Ihe past year at 
UCSD, study director James Connor, 
MD, found th.tt acyclovir was helpful 
and caused no side effects. In the new 
study the dosage WIll be incre.tsed with 
(he hope that it will be more effective . 

The Colorddo Outward Bound School 
is offering two types of winter break 
courses this year: ski mountaineering 
and Nordic skiing. Both wiD be held in 
the Colorado Rockies. The ski 
mountaineering course is a rigorous 18-
day adventure . AVdlanche safety, winter 
camping and orienteering are .tmong 
the skills students will acquire. The 
intensive eight-day Nordic course 
includes cross-country ski instruction 
and basic winter camping skills, Skiing 
experience is not required for either 
course. Courses begin December 27 . 
For more information contact Colorado 
Outw.trd Bound School, 945 
Pennsylvania St. , Dept. CP, Denver, CO 
80203-3198. 

• 
Every Christmas the Salvation Army 

provides numerous projects to assist the 
needy. Volunteers are needed to handle 
the high volume of work involved in 
such activities as Thanksgiving dinners, 
toys, food and clothing distribution and 
Adopt-A-Family For Christmas. Men and 
women are needed for an eight-hour 
period , once e.tch week, until 
Christm.ts. Volunteers are asked to c.tll 
Sharon Simmons at 239-8027 for full 
information. This gift of love will make 
the 1983 yuletide season a rewarding 
experience. 

• 
A major milestone has been reached 

in the inenial confinement fusion 
progr .. m with the successful 
firing of both amplifters 01 the world 's 
largest c.trbon-dioxide !.tser system at 
Los Alamos National labor.ttory. The 
twO 12-beam. locomotive-sized 
.tmplifiers were fired for the first time in 
dn integr.tted mode on November 8, 
with all 24 beams delivering power to 
the target vacuum system. Calorimetric 
me.tsurements on .til be.tm lines verified 
two shdts of 18 and 20 ter.twatts (a 
lemwatt equals 1.000,000 megaw.ttts). 
"This event effectively marks the 
completion of the Antares construclion 
progr.tm and will permit initiation of a 
very mtensive target experiment 
progr.tm during fiscal 1984," said Walter 
Reichelt, Antares operalions m.tnager. 

U$ grants giving cold 
cash to students 
By MICHAEL PARTOS 

Do you want to film an underwater 
remake of The Twenty One Steps bUI 
can't afford the film? Do you want to 
prod uce your own play but need stage 
hghts? Do you wam to write a paper on 
cripples in TIjuana but need money for 
gas? Talk 10 the people at 
Undergraduate Student Gr.tnts. 

U$ Grants, known before as The 
Student Center for Undergraduate 
Research Innovation (SCU RI) , has cold 
cash to give [0 students working on 
almost any academic project The 
program is funded through the 
Chancellor's AdviSOry Committee for 
Institutional Improvement and through 
the Associated Students. It is student 
run, although professors volunteer time 
as advisors. 

Grants are given 10 undergraduates 
only and run around $300 for indiVIdual 
and $400 for group projects , or more for 
exceptional undenakings. The projects 
should nOI be assigned class work but 
may correlate with a 199 class 
(academic research .) 

A student need not even have a 
project in mind when coming to US 
Grants. The staff will aid the potential 
researcher in his or her quest for an 
interesting topic , or one can choose 

from a list 01 projects already proposed 
for each 01 the major dIsciplines al 
UCSD. US Grants has given out $4.000 
so far this faU and plans to give away 
another $9,000 before the end of the 
school year. 

To receive money students must 
submit a grant proposal to Ihe U$ 
Grants committee , made up of students 
and professors. (The deadline for winter 
grant proposals is the second week of 
winter quaner.) After the (:ommittee 
reviews the proposals. it allocates funds 
as il sees appropriate . 

Receiving a gnlnt looks good on il 
slUdent's academk record , and there ,m: 
other benefils. SlIYs spokeswolmln Ingrid 
Greenburg. "It·s ni,r to look bil(:k on 
your college (areer and say you did 
more than graduate with a degree . U$ 
Gr .. nts milkes it possible for students \0 
do self-motivated projects ... different 
Ihan Ihe usual going to dilSSt:S. taking 
notes. taking tests. etall:ra." 

Some of the rrojc(:tS that re(:civcd 
fundmg this fal arc J. Ban Lipton's 
2om"i &'dch Pwty, a horrllr film that 
received $323 for film ; X'll!! Haven's 
RoS{'//c/ullt:: alld Gildt'nSIl'I11 An: D.:dcl, 1I 
plil}' thm was given SiOO for wstumes 
and props; Sandra A1lan's GIII/l'lIttTS ill 

AS Forum 
The student rtfertndum, sponsored by Commissioner of Communications Tim 

Pickwell, thar proposes to combine the alternative media publications the Ntw 
Indianor, La Vat f~tII, L'Chayim, SqpIto SpadEs, and 1M '.'1 Vola, 
thus lowering the media budget by some $20,000, has receivtd mixed reWwsfrom the 
student body. Recently, TM Gu.,.,..... discussed the rtfertndum and the status of the 
alternative publications ,"th Francis Feely of the ntw indicator coHective and Paul 
UlZCI'SOn, assistant editor of L 'C...,. .... 'n Monday's issue, interviews with People's 
Voia: and l..lI Vat ~ wiU bt run. 
The GIUInlt .. : How do you feci about Commissioner of Communication Tim 
PickweD's referendum that would consolidate four alternative media 
newspapers into one publication? 
Francis Feely. I think the proposal is the first step toward eliminating the 
alternative views, Our existence is being threatened by this very cynical AS 
leadership that is not interested in communicating with the student body. They 
are interested in putting across their own extreme right ideas and interested in 
their own individual careers aflEf they are through with the AS, so thq can get 
good jobs in the right wing establishment The contradiction is that they are 
making their own individual careers by insulating themselves from the rest of 
the student body, the very people we as alternative media want to educate and 
dialogue with. The common denominator is to enter into dialogue and raise the 
consciousness on this campus and in the community through information, 
good hard facts that don't appear in other media, facts that relate to the lives of 
students and the community, accompanied by an analysis that gives them an 
outlet, a road to action as individ\l8ls. 
Paul L.ucrson of L'a..,u..: I think it would make. for an incoherent newspaper, 
aUotting twO or three pages to each paper. I don't know how the production 
schedule would be coordinated nor how the space would be aUocated equitably. 
One of the main objections we would have is that there would be articles printed 
by some of the other media that I beheve I would not like my articles to be 
contained with them. . 

I think the alternative media has a responsibility to the students, since we are 
funded by students, to sdI aD the ads we can, to become as self-sufficient'U we 
can. Let's look at the fact that the L 'Chayim Is alocated S 1892 for the year. The 
n.i. is aBocated about $14,000; the Peop/c's Voicc, La Vo<, and Thc KOCIIa are 
aUocated about 56,000. I think there is room in the alternative media ro halle the 
funds cuI. We're funded for three issues for the year. We would like to have a 
Jewish paper come out more, but if we can't pay for it ourselves, then that's OK I 
think PickweD, in a sense, was lazy. He reaDy has not done his job. Ifhe worked 
hard, he could halle already generated a lot of ad revenue. 

I'm not sure if you're familiar with the typesetting scandal. He started with 
this typesetting pool (typesetters paid for by the AS to be used by aU the medial 
and did not get them trained over the summer. He put them to work and they 
did not know what they were doing, at 55.88 an hour. You talk about fiscal 
responsibility . . . 
1M Guardian: How do you feel the media should be funded? Do you think you 
warrant the amount of money you presently receive in relation to the other 
alternative publications? 
new indiaator. Evetyone's needs should be met, and we have the whercwithaU to 
meet them. Now this metaphor of the pie and who gets the largest and smaDest 
cut of the pie is a, bourgeoisie concept that gets us to fight each other . . . 
HistoricaDy, we have been around the longest. We have a good collection of 
documents. We have experienced researchers who have left UCSD that 
contact us with information. We are well rooted here; we are an institution. We 
don't feel in competition with our sister publications. . 

We are serving a definite public need. What we want the leaders to do of thIS 
institution is to be responsible ro our finanCial needs. If we say we want more 
money, we want them to go out and find it for us and not give us any of this pie 
bullshit .... And we want them to do it for our sister publications too. 
L'CIuzyim: When you look atthe n.i. , who are funded S 14 ,000 and sell, very, very 
little advertiSing, I think that's litde much, and I do think the students are getting 
laken for a ride there. If PickweU and lee reaDy wanted to do something, they 
would help us seU ads as a group. Some of the other media m.a)' not like. it, but I 
would say that's their problem. What I thmk they are talkmg about IS fiscal 
responsibility to the students. J think L 'Chayim can stand any test. There are 
over 1,500 Jewish students on campus. And if our total cost is 5 L892, you can 
look at it that we are getting 51.10 from each Jewish student to put on the 
newspaper. And I don't think that is unreasonable. I would think a fair way to 
distribute the budget would be to say if there is 550,000 in the media prim 
budget, you would aDocate a straight sum of money across che board to each 
publication equally. 

The VII/age VoiC( is in business, and they're a leftist paper: they sell 
advertising .... I don't think we or any of the papers would run ads for Coors to 
South Africa .... If its a private newspaper and you support yourself it's your 
option : if you are funded by students I don't think that's your option. It's your 
responsibiliry to do as weD as you can to support yourself. 

Edl/latill//, 5200 for gasoline: Jose 
Tabuna's Gustl1( Nutrient Rl·ccplm ... . $183 
for lab equipment: and Karen 
Anspa(her's Y(I~"lIilt' , a video 
documentary I hat got $500 for 
VIdeotape. 

US' Grants also gives students 
intorrniltion on and assists students with 
getting grams from other organizations. 
The US Grants office is responsible for 
publkation of The UCSD Journal of 
Undergraduate Research. The journal gives 
students a chance to have their work 
published and appreciated. Entries from 
,III discplines are accepted and may now 
be submitted to the US Grants office for 
review for publication in next fall's 
issue. 

US Grants will condlK:t workshops for 
IhllSC students interested in recciving 
funds 141r winter qua ncr (S5.000 is 

- Steven R. Friedman 

av.tilable) on Saturday, November 19, at 11 
am. The program is located in Student 
Center OffIce #3. Its phone # is 452-
3917. 

Greenburg said, "We don't want US 
Grams til be a secret. We've got money 
lu r students who want and deserve it." 

In last Thursday's edition (Nov. JO), the 
by-line \WIS illlJdvcrtently Itft oj an articit 
tntilled "Fret (omputer access for aU 
students on '80 terminals" (past J). This 
article \WIS writtcn /ly David 0, Armer. The 
Guardi .. n apologiZes for tht mor and for 
any inconvcnience it "",y lul\'l: caused the 
author. 

NEWS 
. . . . . 

ADlericans back Reagan, yet UCSD-
protests Grenada invasion 
By 'WENDY PAULSON 

G renad.t and Lebanon have recently been heated issues in Amencan foreign policy. A large sampling of UCSD students was asked, 
"00 you think American troops should remain overseas 
in Grenada?" A majority responded "No. the US does 
not belong in Grenada." What foHows is an assessment 
of their personal opinions, with added comment by 
professors on campus. 

The invasion of Grenada by US tTOOPS has been a 
debated issue since October 26, 1983. the day Marines 
landed on the Caribbean island. InitiaDy the cause for 
invasion was the presence of American students on the 
island. When a so-called "Marxist" regime ovenhrew 
the government, the possibility of students being taken 
hostage became a threat to America, so troops were 
sent to rescue US citizens before a second 
international hostage crisis could arise in the aftennath 
of Iran. 

Further developments in the Grenada story showed 
that a large stock of Soviet weapons had been stored 
there, and capture documents hinted at official 
dealings with the USSR. Such infonnation further 
questioned the purpose of the Reagan Administration 
in sending American troops. Could the action be an 
indirect move to prevent communism from spreading 
into the Western hemisphere? 

Many student supporting the Grenada invasion liked 
the idea of troOps remaining on the island because of 
the threat of Communism. One woman wrote , "It's 
about time the US did something about the way the 
Soviet Union is building up anns." Two men felt 
similarly, saying, "It is protecting America's interest 
against the takeover of Grenada by Russia or any other 
enemy of ours," and "Prevent those Commies from 
moving in ." One male student gave a more specific 
meaning to the Communist "enemy" in his explanation 
that "if Grenada becomes left wing, then 'other Central 
American countries wiD likely follow suit or be 
pressured by their neighbor, the so-caUed socialists." 

Additional reasons for supponing the invasion of 
Grmai:la included the safety of the American citizens, 
to help the unstable government, to establish a 
democratic government. and because it was the request 
of the Grenadians that troops remain. "With our troops 
there , they're basically lost," said a female freshman. 

A large number of students responded "yes' that 
troops should remain but only until the government is 
secure or the safety of the citizens assured. Many "no" 
responses claimed that troops should not remain in 
Grenada because their job was already finished. "The 
purpose for which they were assigned, evacuating 
American citizens and ovenhrowing a regime hostile to 
the best interests of the majority of Grenadians, has 
been achieved . There is no longer a need to maintain 
a military contingent." said a Muir College woman. 

Two senior responses contained definite criticism of 
US foreign policy with regard to the Communist 
"threat" professed by Reagan. One said, "I don't believe 
it is our duty to police the world for communist 
sympathizers: while another wrote, "Reagan's 
anachronistic ideology of making the world safe for 
democracy and other ego-boosting rationalism for the 
invasion make the act~on and our continued (,resence 
in Grenada embarraSSing. There IS very htde difference 
in ideology between this administration and the 

Soviets they so dearly wish to eliminate." 
Professor Dan HaDin of the Political Science .tnd 

Communications Departments offered comment on the 
US situation in Grenada. In regard to the idea of 
worldwide Communist takeover, which is so prevalent 
in the emotions of American politics. HaUin stated . "I 
think that it's a vety serious misunderstanding of 
Soviet policy. In theory , they'd like to take over the 
world , just as m theory we would like to have all of the 
world be like us - capitalist and democr.tlic . But In 
concrete terms, Russian foreign policy is usually 
pragmatiC and cautious. It's certainly true that they play 
power politics and try to expand their power when 
they can, as is true of us also. It's cenainly not true that 
every crisis that happens is best understood as a case 
of Soviet dggression or as an Issue that makes some 
critical difference in the bal.tnce of power between Ihe 
East and West. 

"Russia tends to think in spheres of influence," 
continues Hallin. "They have generany been willing to 
concede the Western Hemisphere as our sphere of 
innuence. To the extent that the Cubans suppon 
revolutions in Latin American countries, it's certainly 
not because the Russians order them to; it's very much 
out of their own ideals." 

Numerous "no" responses were skeptical of Reagan's 
real motives as well as the validity of the infonnation 
available to the American public. A male senior wrote , 
"The move to invade Grenada was rationalized by our 
w;>vernment to prorcct the United Slates' interests there 
rather than the people of Grenada. Moreso, the public 
is being duped by the media and our government into 
foUewing Reagan's policies." Adds a female senior, "I 
feel that Reagan is there not to protect that country 
against Communism, but to funher US economIc 
concerns. Now that US-citizens are out, why doesn't he 
just leave 1" two freshman women felt that "It's JUSt a 
waste of money." and, "It's diplomatic checkers with 
Russia." A third freshman woman stated. "I think the 
American public knows very little about the real 
circumstances there." 

Professor HaUin clarified some of the student 
skepticism by explaining the root of the motivation 
behind the Grenada invasion. "For the Reagan people, 
in part, it's an ideological thing. It's not so much a 
matter of what government is in power in Grenada. It's 
a matter of demonstrating to the world and also to the 
American people that we're now wiDing to use our 
power again . We're willing to think of ourselves as the 
Cold War leader that we were before ." He described 
the tendency of the Reagan administration to define 
problems in East-West terms as "sinister." 

In reference to the documents c.tptured by the 
Americans that showed armament deals with the Soviet 
Union , Hallin explained , "They've been using those 
documents to evoke the im.lge of the Cub.tn missile 
criSiS, which was a time when Americans felt Iheir 
security really w.ts at stake. But what we see if you read 
the documents (which were made publici is not thaI 
nuclear missiles were going 10 be put there , but that 
the Grenadians would have gotten from the Soviets 
one thousand used machine guns and three hundred 
pistols, which obviously has nothing to do with the 
security of the free world. It's hard to see that our 
security was at stake in any way." 

Dr. Paul Saltman of the Biology Department says the 
Grenada invasion provoked "an international scene and 
destabilized th~ umbrella of nuclear war." 

Many students claimed that the invasion of Grenada 
was "unlawful" and that we had "no right to interfere ." 
It w.ts called by one student "our imperialist attitude 
towards foreign policy." 

'In the eye of general public opinion, Reagan has 
benefited from this foreign poliCy move, since it has 
temporarily taken the spollight off of the Middle East. 
Hallin commented on the invasion , saying, "r think 
one of the reasons Ihey did it is th.tt first there was 
the Kore.In airliner incident, where Reagan made it out 
to be a terrible case of Soviet aggression, but he really 
couldn't do anything about it. Then there was the 
Lebanon bombing, and once again he really couldn't 
do anything. The Reagan people were probably 
beginning 10 worry that people were going to perceive 
them like Carter ... but here was an opportunity to act in 
Grenada. Whdt we needed was something like the 
Falklands c risis, where we could win rel.ttively easily, 
and this was it." 

Students Greg Orton and Barch Milder expressed 
opintons similar to those of the Americ.tn public . 
Orton felt that "Grenada was the first good political 
move th.tt we've had in years," while Milder simply 
stated, "We're number one and no one's going to push 
us around ." 

These students reflected Hallin's opinion that, 
"People h.tve this feeling that the US has been kicked 
around for years. The Vietnamese kIcked us around, 
the Iranians kicked us around, and they (the publici 
h.tvc been wishing for an opportunity for us to show 
our power." 

Some poll responses were against the inv.tsion of 
Grenada and the troops remaining there because those 
asked opposed the ide.t of war and military activity in 
general. One senior woman stated . "I am instinctively 
<lgainst US invasion of foreign countries for any 
reason ," while another woman said. "All I can see is 
Ih.tt it'lI mean more milit.try involvement." 

Dr. Paul S.tltman, of the Biology Depanment at 
"k(I.'<' til J'II It, /J<lg<' 6 

Extended Wear Lenses 
with thll ad 
Hydrocurve II lena ... 
Proteulonal servle .. extra. 

You con wear Extended Weot Contact Lenses conIInuouIIy fa fwl>.weeks. 
Wodc. play and lIMp In these lJItro.thln, com1Ortoble IenIes and wak~up 

seeing clearly with no daily cleaning hastIeeI 
1,000'1 In stock. No appointment necellOlY 

"Molt COleS. One hour ~ at Sports Alena. lingle vtIiOn ontv. 

Call Dr. Leventhal Mission Valley 692·EVES Dr. Suder Paclftc Beach 273-EYES 



Editorial 

AS media funding: 
Other options should be explored 

The proposal by the AS commissioner of communications to combine ideologies. Simply put, these five papers are now so differem that they 
the New Indicator, La Voz Fronteriza, The People's Voice, L'Chayim, and neither could nor should be expected to function as a Single unit. 
Sappho Speaks is a measure that threatens the diversity, if not the The worst pOim of the commissioner's proposal, however, is the 
existence, of alternative media on campus. While it may be necessary to exclusion of his own newspaper, The Koala, from the referendum. 
limit funding to all student organizations that do not serve major Pickwell assens that The Koala's waspish , apolitical coment is not 
constituencies at UCSD, turning these five independem voices into a compatible with the other alternative media. However, The Koala is no 
single newspaper is not a pragmatic solution for several reasons. less compatible with the pro-Palestinian New Indicator than is the pro-

As the alternative med ia function at present, each paper is able to Israeli L 'Chayim. 
concern itself with specific issues affecting its respective groups and to It is inexcusable to deny the rights of these papers (0 exist without 
provide a needed service to speCial interest and minority groups on and fiscal and editorial independence. There are other alternatives available 
off campus. Many times they are the sole source of information and which do not preclude individuality, as does Pickwell's measure (e.g. 
communication for these groups. The alternative media also provide a soliciting donations or advertisements from the communities these 
vehicle to broaden the awareness of the student population toward the papers serve). 
issues and needs concerning these groups. It is irresponsible to consider such drastic measures as Pickwell's 

As each paper has its own audience, their proposed combination without first exploring less destructive options. 
shows a blatant disregard for their individual and sometimes conflicting - TA 

ll®tttt®If~n®tttt®lf~ll®tttt®If~n®tttt®If~ll®ttfr®lf~ll®ttfr®If~n®frfrce;If~n®tttt~If~ll®fdtcelr$llcettttcert'~n<eilit<ert' 
fr®lf~lettersll®frfr®If~ll®tttt®If~ll®ttfr®If~n®~fr®lf~n®frtt®If~ll<E;tttt®If~ll®frfrceIr~ncettttceIr$n<eilit<elr~nce 
Ir~ll~frfr®lf~ll®tttt~If~ll®frfr®lf~ll®ilit®If~ll®frtt®Ir~ll®ttfr®lf~n®tttt®lf~ll®frfr~rr$n<etill<ert'~llceilitceIr~ncettfr 
ll®frtt®If~ll®frfr®lf~n®frtt®If~n®~~ceIr~ll®ttfr®lf~n®ttfr®lf~n®frfr®Ir~ll~frfr®Irll~ ttttceIr~n<eilitceIr~n<e~fr<eIrli 
Editor: 

As a core member at the Che Cafe 
and· a student, I feel the two-fold threat 
underlying the proposal by Paul Jensen , 
Chair of the Student Center Board 
(SCB). In denying the SCB's suppOrt, for 
the maintenance and rennovation of the 
Guardwn/Che faCility, Jensen is in fact 
proposing to terminate two presently 
functioning organizations, which 
provide necessary and valuable services 
to both sludents and the University 
community. The Justification for this 
absurdity is something to the tune· of: 
the facility is 100 old , tOo run down, to 
spend money on. The facility costs tOO 
much to maintain for the return it gives 
to the university . Especially when we 
could build a brand new University 
Center in three years or four or five, ... 
for "some outrageous amount" of student 
money . .. " 

Well, I say bullshit! I work at the Che 
Cafe, and I've seen the concrete benefits 
that these twO organizations create . For 
some bureacrat to tell me that the 
building I work in every day is not 
worth spending money on riles me to 
say the least. 

However, to not completely lose .Ill 
rationality on the issue, there are certain 
reasonable considerations effecting the 
problem. First, Jensen and his boss, 
Assistant Vice Ch,mcellor and University 
Center dredmer, Tom Tucker, claim 
again and dgdin that the Viability of the 
organizdtions is nor in question The 
problem lies in the fdellity which is in 
need of money for maintenance, 
renovdtions, and unllty bills. From the 
bureacranc perspectlve, the worthiness 
of maintaining an older facility, With 
sludent funds specificdlly aUoc.m:d from 
fees for existing lac iI ity 'upkeep, lessens 
to a great degree when held up Jgmnst 
a sparkiling, new, non-Cxlst,mt 
University Center, Yet , how Tucker 
justiftes the use of money, which Isn 't 
his to use tOw.lrds go,11s he .llone holds 
dear, I'll never know! 

Returning to the question 01 the 
facility , I know thal Tucker .md his boy 
Jensen don't h.lVe .my perspective on 
the true value of the bcilJty in question . 
Having worked at the Che for two .md .l 
hJlf years, I've seen the f,lcility ch.mge 
its face more than once Cenamly there 
are entropic forces at work , which only 
justify the need for mainten.mce money. 
but there IS dnother greater force .l( 
work on the budding, cdlled the will of 
lhe slUde nts. Willfully donated labor, 
alternative methoos of .lCcomplishing 
tasks and the freedom to experunent, 
have all been a part of creJtmg whal IS 
known as the Che Cafe. Tucker could 

never understand the greater issue of 
utilizing existing resources because he is 
still caught in the mindset which thinks 
it's better to build new rather than 
restOre old, tear down instead of 
maintain . For what does maintain really 
mean? Is it not to keep in existance 
what which exists? 

And this drives home my first point. 
By destroying this facility through non-
maintenance, Tucker and Jensen destroy 
the only place on campus, now existing, 
which can house both Tht Guardian and 
the Che Cafe. 

If the SCB provides no alternative 
facilities, they obviously eliminate the 
organizations, whose viability they won't 
question. 

Initially, this avoidance was a pretty 
gooo move , but it is painfully obvious 
that the realiry of Jensen's proposal is 
yet another auack on student-run 
businesses. Just another battle in the 
continuing war between students and 
administration to decide who gets to 
spend the students' money. 

Does anybooy care? 
Monte Rosen 

Editor: 
Well , I knew that if I stayed at UCSO 

long enough, I'd see just about 
everything. But I never thought I'd stiU 
be here when the Mouseketeers took 
over. 

Or should I say, Koalateers? Who 
would believe lhat a smug, elitist and 
white phenomenon of the 19SOS would 
find its renaissance on the campus of 
UCSO in 1983? I must take exception to 
Commissioner of Communications Tim 
Pickwell's ,md his apologist, Mr, Gregory 
MacCrone's assenion that they represent 
the voice of re.lson ,Imid the clamor of 
too m.my ethnic viewpoints. No. Timmy. 
No, Gregg}'. Not everyone lives on 
c.llnpus. Not everyone is .l well-heeled 
white male giddily subscribing to tht' 
slatus qU(). lot evelyone reads The 
KO!lla . Some of us don't h.\\'e the time to 
waste, i.e we .Ire working through 
s\:hool and \:ommuling from on'. off 
c.lmpus. 

Not everyone IS proud to claim, as 
Gregory MacCrone does of Tht' Koala , 
that it hJS never printed " J serious 
ViewpOInt on Jny political or ethnic 
Issue: Wh,lt do PICkwell and MacCrone 
consider ,I "senous viewpOInt?" R,lther 
th,m serve the college communlt)' with 
thought-provoking p.mx:ty .md satire 
,·h.lllenging the stJtus quo - .IS m,my 
glloo college humor public.llions do -
the Koala perpetuales on-c.lmpus 
tunnclvislon . tril'i.lhzes hum,m 

relanonshlps and baSically celebJ"ates the 
selfish and juvenile aspects of campus 
life. The Koala IS nO{ an innocuous little 
rag, as I myself once believed. It .is nO( 
mere sophomoric gOSSip. The Koala 
represents the narrow interests of a 
particular clique of cake-eaters. It is 
neither less ethnic nor less political than 
the disparate group of publications 
PickweU would jumble together in one 
"comprehenSive" paper. 

Greg MacCrone is mistaken when he 
caUs the argument that La Voz:, n.l., 
Peoplt's Voice , L'Chayim and Sapphc 
Sptahs have nothing in common a 
"moot" pOint. What gaUl Why nO{ say, 
Greg, that minorities are minorities and 
there's no difference? In my opinion , 
you and Mr. PickweU are members of an 
unthinking elitist minority. Should I teU 
you to publish your views in Sappho 
Speaks? Or the People's Voict? How can 
you, in the name of cost-cutting, make 
such a grievious mistake in 10f'c OIS 
suggest that aU ethnic/politica 
periodicals can be compressed into one 
publication? 

If it is off-campus circulation that 
concerns the Media Board , and the AS, 

then that's a different issue, Periooicals 
printed at student expense should be 
distributed free to students, of course. 
Howewr, I think it makes sense for a 
paper like new indicator to ask the 
general public off-campus to pay for the 
copies they want. Why doesn't the 
Media Boord require n .i. to seU its 
papers for some of n.i.'s operating 
budget? That makes more senSf than 
the myopiC solution Mr. PickweD and 
Mr. MacCrone are pushing. There are 
other ways to enlarge operating budgets, 
or trim expenses, without the absurd 
compromise caUed for in PickweU's 
petitions. 

Frankly, I cannot imagine a more 
shan-Sighted and ridiculous proposal 
for budget trimming than Mr, PickweU's. 
I support the opinion that the solution 
being offered is racist. Anyone who 
believes that the pro-PLO, Radical Ldt 
new indicator should share the same 
forum with the jewish publication, 
L 'Chayim, is completely out of touch 
with social and political reality, A belief 
that the articles in Sappho Sptalrs are 
more political than those in Tht Koala 

'~l'W"" III'" [(I f'</!:<' 5 

ljC:D~ 
Copy 'Editor 

Editor 
Tim August 

Managing Editor 
Phil Lauder James Ralph Papp 

Opinion Editor 
Thomas Rankin 

Associate News Editors 
Mike Greenberg 

LIsa Llpln 
Features Editor 

Chris Young 
Am Editor 

Andrew Keeler 
Associate Arts Editor 

John Nee 
Spons Editor 
Jeff' Sm"age 

Photo Editor 
RIch Pecjak 

The UCSD Guardian IS pubhshed 
Monda)'s and Thursda)'s dunng the 
academic ),ear h)' students .It UCSO 
Reprod uctlon or usc without 
permlss,on of an)' portion of thIS 
nell'spaper IS Strlcti), prohibited. Not 
respnnslhle 1i,1r unsolrl'lted 
In.tnllscnpts or an 

Our ollicc IS located s'1utheast of 
the Re\'elle Promst aln,c on the 
UCSD Gunpus. The BUSlncss alike 
IS open Irl1111 ~ al11 to nnon .tnd I 
pl11 In :; pill 

General Manager 
Chris Milke 

Associate General Managers 
linda Lewis 

Valerie McMullin 
Photograp'hers 

Richard Catenna 
Rob Friedenthal 
Mark Johnson 
·D-avid Newell 

III ustrators 
John Ashlee 

Garnell Fitz-Hcnlc), 
Kathy Mormw 
TypeSftters 

Angglc Llpid 
PhIl Lluder 

And)' Laurence 
ChriS Osterwalder 

Production 
Hana Abrams 

LIsa Jones 
Vesna Kulasinovic 

Kelley Neal 
The UCSD Guardian 

UCSD,8-016 
La Jolla, Calirornia 92093 

(619) 452-3466 

Comment3n: 

Shutting dqwn the Coffee Hut: 
Students must fight to maintain control 
By SCOTI KESSLER 

There's been .1 lot of confusion 
generated by the Student Center Bo.lrd 
(SCB) chairman Paul Jensen , because his 
proposal to cut off funding from the 
Coffee Hut IS Irresponsibly grounded 
upon super inflated cost projections. 
ThIS IS Jensen's third year on the SCB 
and his second year as its chairman, a 
title whIch cames wilh it a minimal 
burden of presenting accurate and 
reliable information to new SCB 
members, so that they may vote in an 
rnfonned fashion . Jensen knows that the 
Coffee Hut's Che Cafe owes its 
existence to overcoming similar inflated 
construction projections in years past. 
It's more than ironic that Jensen, rn his 
attempt to close the Coffee Hut,. 
depends upon a construction estimate 
from the same body (the 
Administr.ltIon's Dep.Inment of 
Architects and Engineers (A&E» that 
four years ago presented a" equally 
exaggerated cost prOJection, 

When the AS and the SCB were 
fighting each other for control of the 
Hut four years ago, the Student Center 
admintstration stepped in to point out 
that the SCB's job is to manage student 
factlities while the AS's duty is to 
manage student organiutions. 

,(lII/lIIlIl',II"UII I",~l .'i 
rests on assump!lons I cannot subSCribe 
to as an adult , a woman, .md .1 . 
humanist 

I urge thmklng people - pamcularly 
commuters who get precIous !tttle 
rcpresent.ltion at UCSO - to conSider 
carefully the referendum PlckweU 
proposes. If he gets enough signatures, 
the voting will take place the last wee k 
of the faU quarter. I believe that thinking 
people will be academically secure 
enough before "finals" to take the time 
to vote in this important referendum 
(should the absurdity be taken that far). 
Either way, I hope others of you 
welcome this opportunity to tell Pickwell 
and MacCrone and the other Koalateers 
that they must take alternative press 
more seriously. 

Meanwhile, I hope the other 
Koalateers who champion elitism and 
trivialize the commitment and conct>rrls 
of "minorities" find themselves dead-

Therefore, since the Coffee Hut is a 
building and not an organization, the 
Coffee Hut went to the SCB, 

Why then is Jensen trying to "give 
away" the Coffee Hut? Why should the 
AS accept responsibility for a facilit)( 
that Jensen c1aint5 is a poor investment 
of student fees? (Even the AS can see 
through that one.) Is the AS not also 
financed by student fees? There must be 
a differmce between AS fees and SCB 
fees , an important point and one which 
we will return to later, 

The amount of money Jensen 
rndicates would have to be sunk into 
the Coffee Hut is being used as a 
facade, a diversion to steer us clear of 
the more substantive issues at play. 

At the root of the problem are at least 
three interrelated questions: (I) What 
effect will scrapprng the Coffee Hut 
have on the organizations housed there? 
(2) What forces are directing SCB 
funding priorities? and (3) How does 
the Coffee Hut figure into the 
Administration's plans to build .l new 
Student Center? 

The Coffee Hut as .I building does 
not exist in a vacuum. It houses two 
importa"t student services. the Guardian 
and the Che Cafe. If the Hut is forced 

end job, to put themselves through 
wllege and keep them busy between 
keg-panles. Give them something new 
to wnte about 

Editor: 

Susa.n R. Gaines 
Warren College 

As !>tudents of several years at this 
Unrverslty, we h.we come to recognize 
and appreciate man)' of the less obvious 
opportunities this campus has to offer. 
An outstanding eXdmple of this IS 
embodied in the student coop system; 
here students have the opportunity to 
gain practical managerial experience, 
discover the power and satisfaction of 
cooperative effort, and proVIde a 
valu<lble service for others as well as for 
themselves. 

One of the most vitJI of the student 
. coops is the Che Cafe, which serves nor 
only as a source of gooo food , but also 
as a hub of varied social activities. Bot h 

to close, the Guardian ('an probably find 
office space elsewhere on campus, while 
the Che Cafe would become but a 
memory in UCSO's collective 
conscience. You can bet your bottom 
dollar that Watson , Tucker and Jensen 
are well aware of thiS fact , yet they 
refuse to pUblicly deal with the issue. 
Might the termination of the Che be a 
motivating force of the Administration 
and Its surrogate Jensen? Or is the Che 
but a casual victim in the 
Adminrstration's attempt to "modernize" 
the University? 

The answer Is that it doesn't really 
matter. The important lesson here is 
that forces within the current student 
affairs administration care so little about 
supporting, much less understanding, 
what students see as important 
additions to the quality of life at UCSO 
that they refuse to discuss or even 
acknowledge substantive Issues at play 
in the si tuation at hand (I e., the 
survival of a student mltldted dnd 
managed restaurant and progmmming 
space). Instead , Jensen and T ucket 
spend an inordinate amount of [lme 
speaking about whether or not the SCB 
should i nvest,;n new toilets at the Hut. 

The problems surrounding the Coffee 

functions are important and deSirable, 
there arc few altematives to the 
predominant "mamstreJm" supply. 

Unfonunately, we have heard thJt the 
student cemer bo.ud has proposed to 
discontinue its support of the bUilding 
facility In which the Che IS housed . In 
effect, thIS would mean the end of the 
Che - its limited resources as a 
student-run cooperative make relocation 
an impOSSibility. Because of this, it is 
our opinioft th.lt such an action would 
not truly be in the interests 'of the 
student population of this campus, in 
whose name much administrative dirty 
work is done 

Hopefully, Olher students who share 
our opinion will help in the effort to 
convince the student center board to 
consider the many other, more 
constructive and less drJstlc alternatives 
to the current situJtion. 

Jonathan Bachrach 
Peter DeMal%O 

. 

Hut, like the building itself, also do not 
exist in a vacuum. Since Joe WatSOn 
captured th post of vice chancellor of 
student affairs a similar pauern has 
been developing. Watson has been 
cutting ofT resources In terms of capital 
and much needed space to all of the 
student run co-ops on campus. Last year 
Watson and Jensen railroaded the 
"UniverSIty TJsk Force proposal" 
through the SCB, a report that 
recommended a complete repriorization 
of Student Center goals. And were 
students consulted? A well thought out 
response by student leaders who 
disagreed with Watson 's University 
Center was casually rejected by him. 

The bottom line to all of this is that 
the UniversIty administration wants a 
new Student Center built . Tom Tucker 
was hired this year to convince students 
that they too want a new facility built . A 
new tudent Center costs money, but 
where is the money gOing to come 
from? Besides convincing students that 
they should Jssess themselves an 
additional fee. there is a nice little nest 
egg being coddled in the CB coffers. 
This is why Jensen dilferentiates 
between CB student mOnies and AS 
student monies. Only the CB funds can 
be used for the future constructlon and 
planning of a new Center. Jensen , 
Tucker and WJtson wish to save ,IS 
much money as pOSSible to\\ards the yet 
10 bc approved facility at some expense 
to already fully utilized proven faCilities 
Irke the ChI' . 

If we can predict the future of the 
"new" tudent Center based on current 
policy form.lIion, we can expect a 
building with foist fooo restaurants, 
Gucci apparel and an Army recruiting 
center. Yes, the goals of the 
Administration are not always in the 
best interests of students. In this era of 
fiscal constraint, registranon fee hikes 
and financial aid cutbacks, students 
must dem,rnd more than ever the right 
to control their own funds and to 
proVide for their own needs. 
Scoll Kessler was AS representative to the 
SCB during lite 1979-80 academic year 
and a member oj the founding collective for 
the Food Co-op and tire Che CaJe. 



Grenada - The late_ new boardgame has ils participants fly to take over a government as 
quickly as possible. 

Anti-Grenada 
«lIl/llI lICd J/I)m I ~'g" J 
UCSD. shares similar view with these 
students on milit'lry actions in other 
countries. "The problem isn't whether 
the Cubans were there or were not 
there, or whether we were rescuing 
medical students ... . It was a situation 
whIch is to me provocative in an . 
international scene ,lOd destabilt::ing 
under the umbrella of nuclear war. 

"I think the Issue that we have to 
work tOwclrd is the notion that we Ciln 
no longer tolerate war. Therefore , the 
issue is: How CJn we have peace7 We 
hilve to decide - good guys, bJd guys, 
John WJyne, the bandits .... You get 
nervous when the gun is not a .45 , but 
it's-a megaton device. That's where I 
look beyond WJr." said Saltman. 

Several solutions were offered by 
students "bout the situation in Grenada. 
An ilggresslve plan was that , ' We should 
declare it our own territory - the 
SovIets take over OIher countries." 
Others took a more conservative route, 
saymg. ·We should keep a presence 
).Inti! de tions are held next year. Then 
c1U troops should pull out." On the 
contrilry side came this response , "The 
nation should be allowed to self-
detennine their political solution 
without the help of our Colonial, 'Big 
Snck' poltcy." A Oldie Sludent gdve this 
response dn ironiC rwlst , saying, -When 
or If the US pulls out, Cubdn/ Soviets 
will move right m. Solution: Set up a 
Navdl Club Med ." 

One set to keep - One set to share. 

12 exposure. 24 prints $2.47 
15 expo disc. 30 prints $3.69 
24 exposure, 48 prints $4.47 
36 exposure, 72 prints $6.77. 

r I I I I I L(, \.Ir, 0111.1 Il,,, l · .. 11 I'll ,("",) 

Another Great Photo Value from 
UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE 
University of California, San Diego 

La Jolla, California 92093 
ComputerjElectronics Department 

Phone: 452-4291 

HOURS: 
Monday-Friday 

8:00 am . 4:45 pm 
Saturday 

10:00 am - 4:00 pm 

Deukmejian eyes budget 
" III1/1UIl',I/I ,'1lI I~I,~" I 

One request of special Interest to the 
Regents is $5.5 million for financIJI dId 
p,lid to EOP students by the UC systern . 
O.lkes said thiS i d sore ,ubjeet with 
the Regents, bee,lUse the State provides 
EOP fin.lOcial .lId funding for the 
CllifnrniJ State UniverSity System but 
does not fund EOI' findnClal .lId for the 
UC system Instead , fin,lnclal ,lid given 
to UC-EOP students is tdkcn Irom 
mllected Educationdl Fees. 

The Board of Regents is ,llso hoping 
the State will fund the tudent 
AfTlrmanve Action findnciJl aid program 
,1Ild the remaming 25% IS paid by the 
UC system. Whilt the Regents would 
like. s<lid Oakes, is for the Stilte to PJy 
the COSt of Affinnative Action and EOi>' 
financial aid in full so the UC system 
would not have to pay these COsts out of 
Educational Fee money. State funding of 
both EOP and Affirmalive Action 
financial aid has been requested by the 
Regents and deniep by the State "more 
than once" said Odkes. 

The proposed budget also includes a 
$56.7 million figJ.Ire for the restor.llion 
of funding for items cut from this year's 
budget A large portion of that figure , 
$30.5 million, IS listed in the budget 
summary as the carry-over, 1984-85 cost 
of salary and benefit increases that were 
not funded by the State in this year's 
budget 

According to Oakes, the State did nOt 
provide funds for merit payor 
promotional pay for UC faculty in the 
current budget. Because of this, Oakes 
said, the cost of salary increases made 
this year is being absorbed by the UC 
sySlem. 

The Regents are also requesting $27.6 
million for "restoration of essential funds 
eliminated in 1983-84.~ Those funds 
include a price increase fund that 
covers the rising COSIS of things such as 

office supplies, J merit ,ll1d promo!ltll1 
fund , J fund for instnictlonJI c'qulpmel1t 
repl.lCement Jnd J fund lor deferred 
m,untcn,mce. 

In Jddition to the $144.4 million 
increase in rcqucsts ,Ire two requcsts for 
one-time funding to rcduce the backlog 
of ncccsSJry repl.lcement of obsolete 
instructionJI equipmcnt and 
maintenance of the various cJmpuses 
tha t has been put off for lack of money. 
The tOlal of these two requests is $15 
mllhon. 

'Now thdt the Regents hJve senled on 
il budget requcSl there will be a long 
waiting period before a findl budget is 
approved. The proposJI is firSl 
considered by the Governor, who mJY 
make akerations before deCIding 
whether to mclude J state aUocation to 
the UC s~tem in his Governor's budget, 
which he presents January 10. The 
budget is then sent to the State 

'Legtslature for approval, after which the 
Governor hJS anOther chance to 
approve or veto the budget. 

This will not take place until the next 
fall quaneI', so the Regents. make 
leotative aOocJtions to each of the 
campuses hased on the funding 
indicated In the Governor's budget. In 
July, final campus allocations are made, 
regJrdless of whether the State 

. Legislature has reached a final decision 
on the new budget 

According to Oakes, "The Regents 
have laid OUI the financial reqUirements 
for me operauon of the UC sySlem for 
the 1984-85 year." And, in light of the 
improving state economy, Oakes feels 
optimistiC about the chances for 
approval of the proposed budget. If the 
budget is approved, even with minor 
changes, Oakes says, "the UC system 
would have its best budget in four or 
five years." 

• ••• •••••••••••••••••••••••• • •• 

1S'- DISCOUNT with this ad. COPY COVE 
of La Jolla 

UCSO 1.0. un"1 11/30/13. • 

Specialists In thesis reprOduction. 
iii Xerox copies. reductiOns. enlargements 
iii Full color xerox copies 
til Full binding service. hard & soft CCNef 
il Stationers supplies. 1yping 

456-
•••••••••• •• 

DEUCIOSO! 
FRESH FISH 
DINNER 

Cooked on Mesquite chIn:oII 

• Red Snapper 
• Poached Salmon 
• Sea Bass 
• Swordfish 
• Filet of Sole 
• Halibut 
• Trout 
• 1h Lobster $8.95 ~---~ $w.,w 

.. filii IDOIMftt JOU 
enter the enchantine world of 
Suc... @ ............ 
8IAIOOD GaOl 10 1968 
• .-ucu SPBaAIl'IIS 
6738 La JoIa BIwI.. La Jolla 
45t-0369 
Open dIiIy lunch a clnner 
8~ (;old MedII AwarnII 
... food aaIIence 

• 

• 

MOIIk IosnI Ita 11M! chanlclttiud lIS bod! a 
romantic and .. idealist, "'" rM Ifwaltics Olle 
woMW ap«f fO jbwJ ill SOIIIaJM who is a smlor 
pR-mtd stut.lmt cat Itwk When he first CIUIIe fO 
UCSD Jour ycrus ClIO. Monk WIllS 4 bio-
mAbamg ........ ht II/t6 two )'ftIJ'S M fdt •• 
his co~ Cllrea WG5 fa,. too prosralllmtd. not 
/IINIIg cmy ~m of apmsion. Now he is a 
plalboplty _jo,. wIIo writts pomy. MonlL has . 
brm writing pomy for only two to tIt~ of his 23 
,mrs cand is just now in his jirst wri.ing class. a 
pomy stIIIlna,. linda Edwin FIISSdJ (featured in 
Monday's Guardian). 

As a pott. j. is nall/ral for OrK to try and thjine 
pomy. bu. Monk ftds that by aumtpring to 
*fine pomy one ImUs it, pllts j. infO a lilde box .. 
I. is so easy (0,. pomy to transcmd the limits of 
any box or become .he box itself, ,"ming Ihe 
limits bGeir llpon .hemsma. What mak.-s art is lhe 
artist, more sprojicaly the artist's intention to . 

ma~ art, which separrltts him from others. The 
artist obstrvts, he portrays wfad. odlm do. 
pointing sod~ towards itsdj. paying the role of a 
sometimes satiric, somttlmes ironic minor. 

A prohlm! wi.h potlJ')' in a sod~. MonlL 
brliews. is that it is aUribwlM 10 Ihe pod, wIIich IS 
wrong. As a poet. Monle setS hirnsdf as a lIehicle 
through which Ihe subde worirings of his 
tlllli,.onm"" are trans/alLd inlO languagf'. MOnlt 

r
'
''' he (1II Il I, I I"'!:" II 

Philoi: 
Undergraduate Journal 

of Philosophy 
PARK&RY 

is now accepting submissions for the 
Winter '84 issue 

Deadline for submissions is 
January 1., 1984 

$3.111 a day . 
, ., 'II! 

vliet to and from air tenninal. Amtrak. bus, T.J. troHey 
1. Conveniently patk your car ~. Resemyourspac:e 
2. Dusk to dawn lighting 5. Take your keys with you 
3. large wei secured lot 6. Inchldes valet service 

... 

Detailed requirements and additional 
information r.re available in the Philosophy 
Department Office, HL 3112. A copy of the 

Spring '83 issue is on display in the 
periodicals section of the Humanities 

Library. 

Open 24 hours a Illy, DIvision of AAAA Auto StoIaQe & Park 
165 Seventh Ave .• Seventh & l, San DIego 

23412G1 



.. 

," 'lWlIll',1 1"l1H p,j~l' 7 
aisu somtwhtre in bdwcm writing Gnd heMn. 
wrinm; onct doM with G poem he ftds it is no 
longtr his, potm5 not bring lillt posusslollS, to be 
OlNfttd Gnd Sdwd, but more lillt tnrs, sprouting 
indtpnldmdy CIS II mull of thar surroundln, GITG. 

The TlJOislk Injlumce is tvidtnt In Monk's 
words /Uld in his wort!. His potf1Y Is G collSlllJlt 
Gtltmpf to ClJptulT tmotion or txptrima, to 

COnYI)' the lUI"'ral flow of mlliry In lill/c· word· 
boxts, Gn innikl~ futik and jrustro!ing tITan. 

Monte does his best not to gtt GtklCW to his 
wort! or to any fGme or ITcognition thGt rt5tIlts 
from his writing. Monte btlitvts thGt ptople GtT ./IIr 
100 impatiml Ihtst dGYS for pottry, IhGt tht)! eM 
100 prtsstd 10 mGIIt the tfJort to focus long 
moug .. to mil)' mid G poem. For Monk, pomy 
is nOl G qutst for immo,udity, il is living. 

When yoo'reia a tight spot, 
good friends will heIp)OO out 

When you pulled in two hours ago, you didn't 
have this problem. And with (I party just starting. 
the la st thing you wanted to do was 
wait arou lld another two hours. 

l'ieither did the rest of the guys. 
So when they offered 10 giH' you 
a lift. that 's exactly what they did. 
prm'ing not only that they were 
in good shape, but that they 
were good friends. 

So show them what apprecia -
tion is all about. 'Hmight, let it 
be Liiwenbrau. 

LOwenbrau. Here's to good friends. 
< 1983 Beer Brewed In USA bV Ml'ler Brew,nq Co M,lwaukRc WI 

• 

IIp Wax . Brow Arch or Under-
FREE ,Inn WJX wilh $30 LlclJI 

(55 1!1 $15 \'(/Iue) 

Wraps 

483-0300 
5010 Cass Street, Paci6c Beach 

( h~"~u",,ry 0JJc:" Gc_ld Th," 11 , JOi 8J) 

Save BIG BUCKS 
on eating out, sporting events, 

and ~ntertainment!! 
• The perfecl Chrlslmas gifl 
• 2 for I lickels 10 JUSI about everything 

Spans 
1\ ldrl's ~tl d.llc:-.l :'Mxll'r ... l "* lk.k,,'Cs). ftllllth.ali. 
Il.t:,,:h.\11 l unl'!I!I ( l' nll'r, 13 C.llIl CfM .. U·SCS. 
R.t,-qw.'lh.lll \ ') I t~.ltll'lh )' lll· "k.IIIIlg. R(llll'r ""'-I,ng. 
lk", hn~ I I \ Itli...uitln.s). "kiln);. "kl U ..... Ub. H) 1Il~ 
",. lIhn~ I hlr~.'h,h. k RIJm~ ,md IllUl. h mon.' 

fMina Out 
1.)'ll' 2-XhhlllTl·nt pl.iI .. l· ... 1111,.'.11 t'llll.n II pnl. .. : htlm 
rht· hlp III "11..' !tnl' 11O~' h·.,I.lur.,nr., hl dll;:l'n" (., wdl 
I..lltl\\III.''>1 ll~\d "1"I'w;., 

l:.rwnainmrnl 
~'" \11" It' 11l.l..l' " pili" \,.)Id l,ltll,,· '1.Ir"~hl l )r,,:r.t 
'~lIIphlln\ n.III,:( "p.h.\' I h~"tln ........... t \\tllid kl' 
Llp.ldl'" Ill,' (,II .. U" L'H' Iht·.Itr4.·'t~l'\l'nb) .lOli 
flHk.h lilt" .. 

• U~C )'(lur hO(lk JU'I IWllT ,1l1d It\ p,IIJ 
lor IIscil 

• Onl), $2.2 50 1<11" lilcr,lli) hundreds 01 
Jnll.u, of value. 

• Olkrcd on J 30 J ,I) -nO rlsk.mone)' 
bJlk guara111 CC. 

• ShM~ lI t"kcl S wnh friend, . 
• ~'nd check <lr mone), llrdcr for 522.50 

10: 

RN D Co 
PO Ilo. ~ 1M 7 .npl H 
',,10 Ole!!'). (.. ~ 2 II 13 

• A1tow 1 wet'k~ for delivery. Gel it now 
for Ihe holjday~ 

Davis refuses to J2la~ 

Host Tritons favored to capture 
Western Regionals this weekend 
By ROBERT GEYER 

Since when do champions refuse to 
defend their· tide, to not even attend the 
tournament that they won the preceding 
year? wen, UC Davis appears to be 
doing JUS( that. 

The UC Davis water polo team has 
just declined to play in the Second 
Annual Western Regionals Water Polo 
Tournament, the championship 
tournament for Division II and 11\ teams 
(held this weekend at UCSD). They alT 
the defending champions who last year 
upset a disrupted UCSD team in the 
finals of the tournament at Berkeley. 
They were more than a little enthusiastic 
about the toumament then. 

So why aren't they coming to defend 
their crown? They were ranked 14th in 
the nation in Division I and were the 
top seed in the tournament. According 
to UCSD's water polo coach and 
tournament director Denny Harper, 
Aggie coach ]eny Hinesda1e was told by 
the school's athletic director that they 
could only take one trip down south. 
They were already entered in the early-
season UC hvine tournament, and they 
decided to go, assuming they could 
easily talk their director into changing 
his mind at the end of the season when 
Western Regionals came around and 
their title defense was on the line. It 
appears that they were wrong. 

As tournament director, Harper was a 
litde upset. "They are huning the 
tournament and huning the game of 
water polo ." Not only does their dbsencc 
lower the competitive level of the 
tournament, but Division " and 11\ water 
polo losses respect in comparison with 
Division I. What team in Division I 
would nOt want to defend its tide in the 
NCAA tournament (Division I 
championships)? UCD has been 
replaced with another Northern 
California team, Cal Maritime. The 
Tritons have now assumed the number 
one seed , with Claremont in the second 
spot. 

As coach , Harper was frustrated , yet 
positive. "It doesn't make sense. Even if 
I only had five players [a wate. polo 
team needs at least seven J. I would go to 
defend my title." He continued, "Their 
kids really want to come and play. but 
either the coaching staff or the 
Mlministration isn't cooperating" 
However, the tournament "IS under 

control and will stiD be a reaDy good 
one. It's disappointing that UCD isn't 
iPin&.lj) ~herc. but.we'[C a:ad¥ to play 
anyone." 

UCSD's main chalenge now becomes 
Claremont Harper says, ·We have a 
rivalry with them that g()(!S way back to 
when we were having g.ames in the 
Natatorium. We haven't played them 
this year. We scheduled them, but they 
backed OUt." 

What makes UC Davis back out? 
Harper is unsure, but he thinks it is 
most likely related to the fear of losing, 
not only losing in the finals to UCSD, 
but within their own bracket to 

Claremont and in the semis to a team 
such as Santa Clara. Harper says, "They 

. \maw chey carW. defmd tMir crown this 
year." Even though he had "heard that 
they were having some coaching and 
personnel problems" they still should 
have come. 

The Tritons have only seen Davis play 
once, and that was at the UCI 
tournament. The Aggies did not play up 
to their ranking. They lost to FuDenon 
10-5 when only three hours earlier 
UCSD had beaten FuUenon 9·5. Davis 
was so htghly r.1nked nationally because 
of their perfonnance from the previous 
year. This year their play has been 

sorely lacking. Also, coaching problems 
seem to be a major problem. At the UCI 
tournament. Davis, pla)'ft" quit 'lifter one 
of the games, saying that he could not 
deal with the assistant coach any longer. 
A teolm doesn't have players quitting 
without some problem. 

Even though Davis was the number 
one seed in the tournament, it was not 
likely to win nor possibly even make the 
finals anyway. UCSD stiR has JUSt as 
much to gain by winning or just as 
much to lose by aUowing this 
tournament to slip through its fingers to 
the bottom of the pool. 

Muddy upsets dominate IMs 
By KIM HADDAD 

The incidence of last weekend's rain 
acted to augment already exciting 
playoff games. Mother Nature added a 
new dimension to UCSD 1M footbaD: the 
slide factor, as the muddy fields tended 
to accentuate the dramatics of the game. 

Unfonunately, as playoffs swing into 
clction players' tempercltures seem to ' 
rise , as some t.tke their games very 
seriously. We must remember that these 
games are intended to be fun , not to 
increase blood pressure. Who wants to 
be victimized by a flung down-cone or 
be subject to overzealous flag grabs 
which "mistakenly" remove playerg-' 
shons? Down-cones are meant to 
remain on the Sidelines, clnd shorts are 
to be worn . 

Other nOt eXclcdy positive but 
nonetheless entenaining aspect of 
UCSD IMs are the aniculations of the 
Bud Page. The political maneuvenngs of 
the authors of the Bud Page often cause 
one to wonder about the validity of its 
rankings and odds, as many 
discrepancies seem to appear and 
reappear. Despite polst reput.ttion clS the 
fi nal word in 1M st.ttistics, the Bud Page, 
through its autocr.uic proclamations, 
often manipulates the fclcts in order to 

satisfy personal biases with respect to 
team names, players, etc. Thus the Bud 
Page must be taken with a grain of salt, 
so those of you with odds set at 10,058 
to 1 to win should not be too surprised , 
as it is only the Bud Man trying to be 
humorous. which he always is. 

LIst weekend's first round of football 
playoffs resulted in many upsets, as 
quite a few unranked teams managed to 
win their games. In Men's A, the 
Harshers, preVIously ranked at number 
three in their diVision, lost in their first 
playoff game to AST, an unranked team. 
The fincll score was 18-6, a loss which 
removes the Harshers from the playoffs. 
In coed M football , The Bums, another 
unranked team, beat Hot Fudae with a 
final score of 13·6. Hot Fudge was not 
only ranked third but was also a top 
coed M team last year, whereas this is 
the first year for The Bums in the M 
division . Also in M coed, number two 
ranked 4th and Inches was upset by 
Marks on the Bedpost, which was also 
unromked. This was the first game of the 
season that 4th and Inches let their 
defenders score a touchdown , allowing 
Marks three TDs. The game finished at 
19-12. 

In men's M football, Lewd Sexual 
Conduct was ousted from the playoffs 
with their loss to Those Guys, 13-12. In 
the second half, with L.5C trailing 13-6 
they managed to score a touchdown 
with only twO seconds of play 
remaining. Rather than going for the 
one point conversIon, to tie and force 
cln ovenime. LSC opted to attempt a two 
pointer to win. By missing the 
conversion they lost, and they too are 
eliminated from the playoffs. 

And finally, in MA football , Chocolate 
City, an old name in 1M spons, was 
upset by the Tekes. 21 -14. Once again 
an unranked team forces us to question 
the utterances of the Bud Man as they 
defeated a number four ranked team. 
Chocolate City, which scored with twO 
successful bombs, was unable to hold 
back the Tekes, which controls the ball 
well , driving it downfield for three 
scores. 

Playoffs will continue this weekend 
and Will detennine which teams wiD be 
gOlOg into the semi. finals , scheduled for 
the weekend follOWing Thanksgiving 
break. 



............................................. 

the 
Sports Activity Board 

presents 
this year's first 

BAR .. B .. Q 
and 

.-DANCE 
When: Friday, November 18 
Time: 5:30 to 12:30 
Where: Rec Gym 

OPEN 
TO 

ALL 
The food will be cooking and the "beverages" 

pouring between 5:30 and 7:30. At 7:30, the 
Women's Volleyball Team plays tough Division I 
Loyola-Marymount. The UCSD's squad is 
running away with the league. Don't miss 
UCSD's most entertaining sports team. At 9:30 
Dancing starts in the Rec Gym and goes till 12:30. 
Dance to all your favorite tunes to UCSD's famed 
KSDT Party Package. All this - dinner, dancing, 
and volleyball - for only $3.00! If you just want 

to dance, it'll cost $2.00 at the Door. 
Don't Miss UCSD's 

Most Celebrated Event 
Of The Year!! 

I .. _ ... _ .................. ,~ ........ - ..... ,~, .................................. - ... - ...................................... - ... ,. 
-----------------------------------

ASPEN. 
THER£'5 
ONLYONf. 

II's /he one wit/! 4 mounL!lins. 
The one wit/! blue skies and 

{resh powder. 
The one with \I1clorian charm 

and spectacular nighl1i{e. 
II's the one everyone Utlks 

about 
II's mcomparable.. 
Ie's affordable. 
II's during Quarler Break. 
lis Aspen and t/!e All Cal 

Winl,er Carniual. 
This is what you 'lI find wail· 

ing rex you al/he All Cal Wimer 
Carnival: 

Free Pari!;! with Budweiser 
Broomball 
Deluxe Accommodalions 
Free Races 
Free On·The·MC' .. .ntain Picnic 
Free Refreshments on t/!e Bus 
Ice SculplUfe Conle51 
Free o"nces Sponsored by 

Budweiser 
SludenIS {rom 8 UC Campuses 
F= Budweiser Jacuzzi Patties 
Prizes by: 

Nordica BoolsIHarI Skis 
Look Bmdmgs/&tdwelser 

Don I forget Aspen and t/!e 
All Cal are noled nO! only for 
fun . bur also (or SKIING. You '/I 
h;we 5 full days 

TI-fE ONE AND ONLY ALL 
CAL WINTER CARNIVAL. 

ASPEN 
THERE'S ONL Y ONE 

·,,{'r N "liNG C(lMr-IN) 

The UCSD Ski Club presents the 30th Annual All-Cal, 
Dec. 10·17. The ~eadline to b\lY your ticket is tomorrow! 
Sales may possibly be extended~f there are tickets remaining 
- but don't count on it! Transportation, a 5-day lift ticket, 
lodging, and much more. $295.00 Air Packages available. 

Running Thoughts 
By JEFF SAVAGE & MIKE GREENBERG 

"By placing LaVcmc and OWdt'llldl HI til,' samt' n:gielll, tile NCM IS 
muking a pt)litkal alld eCOIIIl/llie 111'1\'1'. WI' all' tilt' 11l/lII/ll.,. olle st'l·d. y,·t 

IIIC haw to jly a'I"IlSli thl' CIlwilIy til II dl/Jawt rl'giOIl. Ill'WUSf the NCM 
IS wtllllcd that tile jillals [lIdd at L,NcllIc/ well/ld hL/1t' littll' appt:al if 

L,NmlL: alltl OaidClltal dre IlIlt reprl's'·llted. We t/ullk OUI protests /I) hilI" 
till' 1 ... ·gl(lI/(/I~ hal' will Jail (m ,u:elf cars. Wc j,'d thaI we'rt' getting sn .... Wt."d. 

IIlId we 1\\1111 Ie' kllllW why." 
00"8 DGnnmJr 
- UCSD volItyhQ' hetld coed 

WHAT'S GOING ON HERE DEPT. Polnics. It seems, can even enter the realm of 
Division III athletics. Instead of hosting the NCAA Regional playoffs in Triton Pavlhon. 
the UCSD women's volleyb,lU tedm will have to m,lke the long trek to JuniaLi, 
Pennsylvdnla, to compete in the Eastern region staning December 2. Since they have 
!x'en ranked number one in the nation all season long, why aren't the Tritons getting 
the cobwebs our of the PaVilion? For the last [wo yedrS, the number one ranked team 
in each region has been gr .. rned the home field advant.1ge in the regional playoffs. "I 
wrote a letter to the NCAA asking them why they did not let us host the pl.lyoffs, since 
we are the number one team in the country." says Athletic Director Judy Sweet. . 
"Apparently the rationale they have given me is that we would have a better chance to 
get to the final four if we were placed in the eastern region: First of all . when did the 
NCAA stJrt conSidering a team's chance of reaching the finals as pan of their selection 
process? That sounds like a conmct of interest to us. Secondly, since the NCAA hds set 
a precedent for placing number one ranked teams in their respective regions, why do 
they suddenly avert that procedure this year? ·What is the incentive for a team to be 
number one .if you are unable to host the plelyoffs: asks Dannevik. "The bracket they 
put us in doesn't make .my sense at all." The ramifications of the NCAA's deCision are 
twofold. Instead of nOl missing a single day of class if they were hosting the pl.lyoffs, 
UCSD players Will be absent for three days the week before finals. No matter what the 
NCAA says, "reaching the finals" would have been far less of a task if the Tritons were 
performing in a packed Pavilion instead of an icy Pennsylvania gymnasium. One must 
also consider the revenue that will be lost. According to Sweet, it will cost the IA 
Department S2.000-3,OOO to send Dannevik's ladies to Juniata. Of course, if UCSD was 
able to host the playoffs, then the IA Depanment would be reel ping the benefits of large 
attendance at all the events. Since UCSD athletics are played down on campus in 
regards to academics. why hasn't the administration played a pan in the lA's protest. 
After all, lhese athletes are going to be hard-pressed to do weD on their finells when 
[hey are 3.000 miles away panicipating in a tournament they should hdve rightfully 
hosted In the first pldce. 

Doug Danntvik Judy Swrtt lXrelr Armstro,,& 
NOT TO BE BEUEVED DEPT. The frustration of defedt is dlways compounded when 
expectations are so high . The UCSD men's soccer teelm looked as if they would do 
qUite well in this year's NCAA Division III playoffs. They had beaten every team in 
their region . including their opponent last Saturday, Claremont-Mudd (2-1), earlier in 
the ye.lr. But head cOdch Derek Armstrong's worst feelrs came true when thunderstorms 
accompanied their first round/I.lyoff contest against the Stags. As a result, the Tritons 
were the victims of [WQ secon half goals by Claremont in a season-ending 2-0 loss. 
Under ordinary conditions, Armstrong, UCSD's heold coach for the past three years, is 
confident that the Tritons would have been victorious. "If the weather had been good. 
we would have won," said a dejected cOdch. "We were the better team, but sometimes 
circumstances and luck playa big factor." However, Armstrong and the rest of the 
squad should not dwell on one stormy afternoon but instead reflect on the most 
successful season ever had by a UCSD soccer team. The sun should shine brightly for 
the Tritons in the next few seasons since only one player (David Griffin) is graduating 
from a freshman-laden team. like Dannevik in women's volleyball , Armstrong has 
taken a palhetic program and turned it around swiftly so that it wiD be a force to be 
reckoned with in DiVision III athletics for years to come. 
WAlT A MINUTE DEPT. In last week's column we wrote that UC.SD soccer cOdch 
Derek Armstrong should have left the papeIWork concerning thl' Tritons' chances of 
hosting the playoffs to someone else. According to sources in the Intercollegiate 
Athletics Office that we considered reliable, Armstrong wrote Warren field as the 
playoff site should UCSD earn the right to host the playoffs. UCSD did earn a home 
benh out was not allowed (0 host the first round game against lower-seeded 
Claremont, because the Tritons did not play at least half their games on that site. 
Apparently, Armstrong did not fill out the "availability questionnaire" as was first 
reponed. Moreover, the NCAA did not base its decision to deny UCSD a home playoff 
because of the "50% rule" but rather because of the poor field condition of Muir and 
the unfamiliarity of Warren . According to Athletic Director Judy Sweet. "I think the 
NCAA was looking for something of a stadium effect when determining the location of 
pldyoff games. Muir field is one of the least desirable fields to play on. It is not In good 
condition ." UCSD athletic teams must compete against teams in higher divisions, as 
well as scholarship teJms, but now it appears that some Triton teams dre confronted 
with another obstacle. Even when they work hard all season to earn the right to host 
playoff games. they are denied , due to the lack of adequate facilities. But blaming 
Armstrong for an error that was c-aused by the IA office was a gross injustice. We 
would like to extend our apologies to Derek Armstrong for any inconvenience the 
column may have caused. 
NEXT QUESTION PLEASE DEPT. MondJY's questi(~n : Who were Crazy Legs, the Mad 
Bomber, the Yankee Clipper and the Walrus? Elroy Hirsch, Darryl LImonica,Joe 
DiMaggio and Craig Stadler. Today's question: Has any UCSD athlete ever won player 
of the year honors [wo years in a row? Answer in Monday's column. 
THERE'S NO WAY IT COULD BE DEPT. According to our sources in the Claremont-
Mudd athletic office, the Stags were guilty of mdjor NCAA infractions. Appdrently 
fednng an outcome simlldr to UCSD's 2-1 VICtory earlier in the year, the Claremont-
Mudd Athletic Director Instructed the school's maintendnce personnel to leave the 
sprinkler on Friday night so that the field would be in dlSdstroUS shape. Of course 
Christmas Cdme early for the Stags .IS the followrng mornrng (the day of UCSD's 2-0 
defeJt) it rarned hard . m.lking the plJying surf. lee complementary to the slow Jnd 
methodicJI style of pldy or the Stags. Si nce it rained anyway, the NCAA will probably 
overlook Cldrem nt-Mudd's Illegal action clling "th,1I il would nor have m,lde J 
signi fk.mt Impact C.1 the outwme." Ah , the rhetoric of the NCAA! 

ClDII.ed CIdMItIIIng ....... ICIId In tOO 
cllarac'.r Incr.men ••. lac" I.".r, 
.... allllon men and ..... .. • ., 
..... condltl adadulI'ulu,wllloapIIaI 
....... oounIIrIg.twoc:MNICI.fL 1M ... .. 
......... _acllra ... d ... .... 
tuo .... 11 chCIIul.,t" .. Uludu .... 
You .......... .., .. oIIoeor ...... ,.. 
...... ~ ...... ., 

~ :J:; "'I Itl," 
;;;:.;.; ~ ~t,:: lIIIIan.':'}: ::J~ 
1M ..... UCID, ...... 10 JDIa, CA 
...... 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
"T}£ SPACE SHJTTLE: SIaI8 rI ttw Nt In 
SIructuIaI ~. ~I be fJYen bv NASA 
engIIlMI' Jim Jan .... at the nact meerdlg rI 
the Mech. Eng. CUb. JoIn us on TlIa Nov. 22 
at 6 pm In lJof 2102. (11/21) 
ASSIMIlB Of GOO IIud8ntI. pIeaI8 call 
SIwe AIrruth 456-1264 t:X 459-6666. (11/ 17) 
,tM)and eom.t: ~t In which IfUdents 

~1CIte papuIa YOcaIiItI by ~ 
to WIlli kra.m IOngL Come and waIIc::h Nov. 
18. 8 pm RIweIIe Cafe. AdmIIIIon Ftae. 
SpoI.,~ bv RPB. (11/17) 
JoIn V<JrWIOoI and ICM: Van-F\:)OIII foImIna 
fIom EI cqon aea to UCSD and back. , 
koteelNd call &.Ie at 588-1811 ~ 
(11/17) 
Io'1IiIItIII1g prac:tIC* Wed. 7 ~ pm. fri. ~ pm. 
Sat ... &In. 3:30-6:30 pm. ~ ArtoI ~coIIRec.Dept.t:X (11/17) 

FOR SALE 
rnU-. ElIo •• .,. oordtIon. $3A)(). 481-1088 
momillgr/.....unoa. (11/17) 
hi Ro\IOIe 12-speed. 25' flame. alloy 
COfT'C)OII8IIts. Toe-<:Hps. zefaI pump. sm. 
lcuan 454-ti007. (11/17) 
1976 0leJv Von Automatic. 7O.CXXl mIIe5. 
Exc:eHent condition. S3.000. 481- 1088 
rnomlngr/8II8I'lingI. (11/17) 
.AdIdaI Sweats. bland new. Dll\'ellent sizes. 
ooIcn In boIceI. Coli 481-1529. (11/17) 
1983 Teoc V-300 CoasetIe Deck (rnelol. CrQ2, 
doIby,) New. din bole. f'o-,.ed S1Zl. (Labelle 
mall order) make aIfer 454-3410. (11/17) 
LIONEl. RITCHIE CONCERT TlO<ETS. 2 SEATS UP 
FRONT. ~ OffER. CAU.453-9377 AfTER 6:30 
pm ~ FOR ERIC. (11/17) 
\IN BUS - VetV I8IIab1e - good rumina 
COIIdItIoII w/rabuDI engine - needs palnf. 

._------- .-

SAVE 
MONEY 

SAVE 
TIME 

GET BETTER 
GRADES 

Use Guardian Ads 

Use Guardian Ads 

and Study! 
........ 

--.,. ----

51400 - 436-4694. (12/1) 
78 Puch mop8d. good but broken 0lII1. motor 
perfect. Trade tor good 1O-tpeed t:X aIfer. Call 
Scof - ~719. (11/17) 
Honda A8Iude bIo. custom 0Cl¥8r.1Ioor mats. 
Make ar.. Call 481·1529. (11/17) 

WANTED 

Nevcut1 Ph.D. ~ atudant ..... 
anICI8Iy IUIee' Io'OIunteel to felt rwIIi 1IIt-
help techniques Involving subliminal 
atIrnJIaIton. No COlt. Call ~ 8ouchad, 
.,.. 1535. (11/28) 
Wonted: part time hoUIIIceeper. 1Mt-1n. fIN 
fIJm. 1m. bd." 101. 11811ab1e. 273-6458. (11/28) 
infertility doctorI will po( for healthy aperm 
donon. CoIl 0>Gyn Moe. 453-8600. (11/17) 

D~ ~ wHl not ho.Ie trOIlIJX)tIallOIl. 
TIckets c:n 0\I0IIabIe tor sa at the Revelle 
ProvoIt's 0fIIce. 

Need ~? Ilblet.-clle atudIo part time 
In P8. $rIO per month. C1iL ~ 272-1900. 
(11/17) 
Male Modell wanted. F\'eter collegiate/So 
Cal .... tw-but COIIIIdeI all Fart{fUll-lIme 

~ ElceIIalIt wagea. ADIoIutetv no 
'eel nor COIl miIIIoI.chcIged. No Obligation. 
no 8lq:)8llel108 ~V· Send IOIT1JIe 
photcr/back~nd Info tor fNMt In~ 
',NIPhOfO. Bac 2893. La Jolla. CA 92038. 
(11/21) 

2 Female R'oomateI Wanted fa Solano 
Beach Cond:l S2lOImonth. AboIIe ocean. 
tennis. joccuzl etc. 755-6256. (11/28) 
Room 0\IICIII0bIe tor two In Sol. Bch. Condo. 
S176/mo plus utili .... PboI/)oc:uzzI. CoN Joel 

7~3675A~ 12/1. (11/17) 

SERVICES 
x 

Need a typist? Reasonable. Speedy. 
.IccuIoIe. COlI Kathie 576-1277 anytime. 
Guala'lteed SeNlce. (12/1) 
lJ/'MIANTED HAIR REMCM:D PmMANEN1l V 
near campus. La Jolla RcA eloool Cent ... 
8950 Villa La Jolla Dr. Suite 116O-C Con for 
oppt 453-7040. (6/7) 

T'lPlng - $1 per page Ditcountl Available at 
Klnko's Copies (La .bHo Village SquaIe) oreall 
279-3243. (12/1) 
Stt:X Wcxds Typing &. Word Proc8111ng, 9580 
Btoc:II Mtn. Rd. Ste. G. Student papeq. theIII. 
578h4041 . (11/28) 
M'foIGI RUSH .J08SI Term papI. r ....... 
tt.eI. 1lal1lCi1pl1Ol L .JenrMiIr 274-5006. (12/ 1 ) 
EIceptIoIIOI p,; allldndL Super IBM II. 
eon.ctlonL nearby. fait seMoe. 
450-1138. (1 1) 
Term papers - '- - (:&1 lallons. Law 
IOteI. fait teNIOe. ~Type. 454-6860. La Jolla. 
(6/7) 
Fast. 8lCP8flel108d 1ypIIt. Student " prrI 
papeII. ~edtIng. Nea campus 
<w)"()732 eve. Helen. (12/1) 
TYPING - Faculty/Students. QJallty wale. 
R8OIOI'lObIe raIN. Tapel 0110. Sanc:ttt. 459-
5818. (12/1) 

TvP~c:orTl)Uterized word procaliing. Term 
papell. rapata. -..ma Fast. reoaonable 

.!Otes. 481~. (11/28) 
FaIt acc:u1Ote. high quality. lOme do( IMVIce 
tor under 15 pagel wok. Naor UCSO. CaN FeIv 
at .... 452-1393. (12/1) 
Typng aervk:aI fa lIudent/faculty. ~ 
mcn.J1CrIpIs. books - 10 vrs acp. Call RobIn. 
571-6982. (1/12) 
Typlng .... T.rm Paper •• R.ports. Mlle. 
CoIIecI8d. 95C pg.18M Sal a cIrIc. CoIl Bee 753-
7356. Please ICMt <XI. (11/21) 
Do you reed IT\On8IV tor 1ChooI? We can 
locate 1ChoIorship. feIIowINp. Qltlnt " loon 
IOUIC8I that you QUOIIfy tor ttYougl our 
comput. 18OICh. For more lllern lOtIon 
COIltoc:t: Internallorol Schcllalhlp SeIviceI. 
1809 Lorna St .. Santo BaIbara. CA 93103 Ph. 
(~)569-(M9. (12/1) 

LOST a FOUND 

Lost ~ Galalhea R8IidBnce !-bl! and 
the Science Building betwaen 6:30-10 pm: 
J.iwh/te gold placed wedding band. ~. 
Call Jeal Forsythe at 452-2320 t:X MarIan 
.Jones. (11/21) 
I..oIt: 2yr male Golden RetrleYer (Ctav Munk) 
by LOTS Beach. He's a Sundown Surfer &.-n. 
was not lost at time. just uftngl We need him 
at hornet REWARDI 5 100. Please cotl 453-2452. 
EdIe Munk. (12/1) 
Found: sUe women's pair cA running shorts In 
boltloom nact to Bio-med lib. Can GIno at 
224-1876 to claim (12/1) 
Warg, Non-tion. lost the passport cA No. 

116195 IIIued by the People'. RepU)lIc ~ 
Q\Ina on Sept. 28. 1983. ThIs pouport is 
invalid. It lbund. pIec.e retun to moth dept. rI 
UCSD. (12/1) 

c 

PERSONALS ' 

TRACt' - VOIJre a great SIg Kap little SIS. HeM! 
a sur- SIg!Cap W8IIk.I.oY8. Donna. (11/17) 
0I0IabIe. Get a grip! Face ..aI1ty . .,you can·t 
handle coItege ... QUT. The Shadow. (11/17) 
ToMA fromR.8. HI w.stylHope you're hcMnga 
great do(.11oYe you. (11/17) 
The belt little bro and sis In Tl<Edom - Todd 
Foe and JIIIIlertin. (11/17) 
John Decor1le: To on 0'W8IOm8 little bro. 
Iooklng ror..od to yoslnltlatlon Into Tl<E Sat. 
Chaz. (11/17) 
Edmund P. - Hopp,t 22nd BIrIhdav babel 
And a tOCllt to our 111t "apectoc:ular" yea 
1IogeIher ... Maybe _ could start off the n.t 
year being Mends?! l.oY8 You. '111nky" (11/17) 
JIO '1.0 IT'OKJJ8 dlsllnctllie de 10 sag BIll. 
c· ... one NIjoU.ance corlSlai Ite"; Tonelat 
rotueIfMt. oorrme leschole~susde Ia 
tune. Ioujous 1BIbIn. Et poor ca. Ie folme. JEE 
(11/17) 
MII-MII the weeks 018 aettIna sI"Iomw os the 
. rnt:Ni begins to fall. Loi:iklng forward to food 
and fun and IIreIIg"lt not to mention snow skis 
and jocuZZls. Rosemary. (11/17) 
Ski VoN Jon. 7-14. 5 doVS-nigt)ts. lodging. 11ft 
tickets. 011 Included 5290. Doug 287-3400. 
(12/1) 
Ski Utah Noll. 23-27. 3 nlglts. Park City Condo 
4 do,II. l.lt Itc:IcIA party. ba 1IPQ'Iat1on SUllO. 
Doug. 287-30). (11/17) 

TRAVEL 

MM.1MOTH MOUNTAIN SIO TRIP. Jon. 1~ S166-
Son Felipe. Meoclco. Dec 9-11.5105. Get /iway-
ToulS 275-J1mx370. (12/1) 
0JER5eAS JOBS - Surflr'r'S/vear round. 
w!0p8. S. Nrte1., Australlo. AlIa. AUI\eIds. $6()(}. 
S1200 monthJv. ~. flee Info. WrIte 
uc. Box 52-CA19. Del Mar. CA 92625. 
(1/12) 
Ski Vocation Condos oval! Dec. 10-17. 
SnONbird. Utah. GI80t snowl Walk to lilts or 
shuttle to AlIa. Sleeps 4 " KItchen. o...tdoor 
pool. Reg S795. wiN rant tor S360. CaN (805) 
683-1241 t:X 688-9721. (11/28) 

COL UMBIA UNIVERSITY 
SCHOOL OF INTERNATIONAL 

AND PUBLIC AFFAIRS 
. 

For careers in: International Banking and Business 
Federal, State and Local Government / The United Nations 

Private Voluntary Organizations and the Media 

SIPA haJ bun succmjull), placing ~tudenls in lht~·t positions sinc, 1948. 
For information or an application, write to: 

School of International and Public Affairs 
Office of Admissions 

1420 International Affairs Building 
Columbia University • New York, New York 10027 



FOR ALL YOU DO ... THI 
B D PAGE IS FO QU! 

Football Playoff Notes 
As we enter the second weekend of 

football playoffs and hopefully drier 
fields I ollierved some outstanamg and 
sometimes silly performances from my 
trusty Budcopter. 

The weekend rain made for some 
interesting games. Friday night at Club 
Med the Chippendale's male dancers 
performed to a crazed bunch. Sunday at 
Pryatel the Chippendale's theme 
continued as mud wrestling took place to 
an SRO crowd. They thought they were 
out there f6>r just a football game but got 
an added attraction ... Defensive game of 
the playoffs so far; the Mar Dels and Steve 
Carlton vs. The Fertilizers and Fernando 
Valenzuela. 2·0 wa the final score with 
the Fertilizers coming up victorious. The 
Mar Dels obviously had trouble hitting 
Fernando's lider ... A playoff record was 
established as QB Gayle Flanders hit Jay 
'Bone Home' Richards with a 79 yard 
touchdown pa s in Marks On The 
Bedposts win over previously unbeaten 
and unscored upon 4th & Inches. That 
was 4th & Inches first loss ever at 
UCSD ... Scouting during playoff time is 
one of the more important aspects of a 

winning team. Scouts will use any 
disguise or excuse to scout a game. 
Groucho Marx glasses, trench coats, 
hiding up a tree, or I happened to just be 
passing by. Anything to get an edge and 
figure out how to stop the dreaded triple 
reverse flea flicker pass. The an· scout 
ran kings: l. Butt State - 10 scouts per 
game; 2. PWP - 8 scouts per game; 3. 
Return of t he Better Hands - 7 scouts per 
game; 4. Rea III - 6 scouts per game; 5. 
Ridgemont - 4 scouts per game. The 
ran kings of the Bud poll seem to correlate 
to the rankings of the AII·Scout team 
ran kings. All you otherteamsoughttogel 
out and scout. You still have time to 
improve your important 'scouts per 
game/ranking' ratio ... Game of the 
weekend will be in Men's AAA between 
PWP and the Tekes. Tekes captain Bob 
Armell has been burning the midnight oil 
trying to figure a way tostopPWP's weird 
offense ... The illegal player syndrome has 
hit again. Two victorious teams were 
withdrawn from the playoffs by the 1M 
Czars for having illegal players ... Parity is 
not limited to the NFL. Seven games this 
weekend were decided by one point or 

Men'sAAA 
I. York Hunt Club (6-0) 
2. PWP (5-0) 
3. The Blue Ludes (4·1) 
4. Tekes 

Men'sAA 
I. Sandy & the Baggers (6-0) 
2. LSC (6-0) 
3. No Next Year (6-0) 
4. Homerheads (5-0) 
5. Butt State (6- 1) 
6. T.D.H. & Co. (4·1) 
7. June Cleaver's Beaver (4-1) 
8. Jockularity (3·2) 
9. Torch & the Flames (4·2) 
to. Macrophages (4-2) 

Budman's Weekend Football 
Playoff Predictions 
Men'sAAA 
York Hunt Club vs. The Blue Ludes 
PWP v '. Tekes , 
Men's A 

andy & the Bagger vs. Oeadmeat 
Butt tate vs. Homerhead ... 
No Next Year v . Jockulanty'" 
T .O.H. & Company v . Lewd Sexual Conduct 

Men's A 
Ridgemont V~ . Bend Over & nap 
Remnants'" \'s. Fertilizer!> 
AFT" VS. Leter!> Molesters 
6gers 4 vs. Eldo's Orchid Pumpini!. 

Coed AA 
Return of the Better Hand v". Bad Knees 
The Bum ' VS. Marks on the Bedpost 

Coed A 
Rea III vs. De!>perado 
B·Building Bombers v~ . The ads 
Too weet vs. The Estate 

wamp v!>. The Dirt 

Prediction 
York by 12 
PWP by 7 

Baggers by 47'h 
tate by 1 

Next Year by 7 
LSC by 14 

Ridgemont by 4n~ 
Remnants by 20 
Le ' ters by 6 
6gers by 8 

Better Hands by 20 
The Bums by 8 

Rea III by 24 
B·Buildlng by 2 
Too \\ l'Ct by 2 
Swamp by I 

• DeSignate:-. teams wit h game:-. remaining to be played to get to the 
quarterfinals or semifinals. These t eam~ are prohibit i\'e favorites in these earl} 
games so I have assumed \'ictory and mo\'t'(lthem on the next round . 

went into overume ... The highly regarded 
Razorbacks lost for the second year in a 
row in the first round of the playoffs. The 
seed gets biaer every year .. J know these 
are football notes but a supremecaseof 1M 
playoff fever has just been brought to my 
attention in innertube waterpolo. Chris 
Woods of the Aqua Lungs had a big 
dilemma. Tonight he has a playoff game. 
What to do? Solution. He dropped his 
genetics class. What priorities. tieht on 
Aqua Cows ... wt but not least. I would 
like to make a special 'take-your·foot-out· 
of·your·mouth·award' to the Harshen. 
The Budman prsIieted Ridgemont to win 
the Men's A title (still does). He told the 
populace to 'bet the ranch and everything 
else you own'. Well, some team menlberof 
the Harshen called one of the 1M C .... 
and had him ~Iay the messaae that they 
hoped the Budman had a big financial · 
backer. They said that the Harshen 
would win it all and wanted the Budman 
to eat his words. They foraot one thin&. 
The Budman is rarely W\"Olll. They're 
doing the eatine now, barbequed crow. 
They lost their mST round pme by the 
lopsided SCO~ of 18-6_ Next year guya. 

Football Rankings 
(as of 11-13) 
Men's A 
1. Ridgemont (6-0) 
2. Eldo's Orchid Pumpinis (6-0) 
3. Fertilizers (6-0) 
4. Remnants (5-1) 
5_ Party Animals (5·1) 
6. Dom DeLuise Fan Club (4·2) 
7. 6gers 4 (6- 1) 
8. Lesters Molesters 
9. Bend Over & Snap (5-2) 
10. AFT (4-2) 

, 

3-00-3 Basketball 
Playoffs 

Another season of 3-on·3 is in the books 
with new champions in each diviaion. 

The AAA championship (actually the 
best teems in AA during the SeIIOII) was 
re-captured by the men from the SWAMP. 
Dave ToHner, Tom Jones, and Chris 
Patteraon have certainly built up a :Hn-3 
Dynasty with AAA final game 
appearances the pIIt four y ..... Even 
without fourth man Matt .. NomorelM·.·· 
Adams, the champs beat the Party 
Animals in two straight. 

In AA some surpriae roeter additionl 
allowed White Man's Disease to capture 
the championship in a doee fiDal match 
against 32 Teeth In TheJaw Bone. Goi,. 
to the third and final pme. the Disease 
outconditioned the Teeth to win 11-6. 

In A action The Romphen and We Be 
Jammin played the most eJlcitm, final 
match of the ftiaht with The IoInphen 
emerai .. victorious in 3 games. Ranked 
Nt in the early season poUs. The 
Romphers revenaed their only loa of the 
Ie8SOIl in the finals. 

CoedAA 
l. Return of the Better Handl (~) 
2. The Bums (4-1) 
3, Bad Knees (6-0) 
4. Marks on the Bedposts (4-2) 

Coed A 
l. Rea III (3-1) 
2. NADS(H) 
3. Too Sweet (3-2) 
4. The Estate (5-1) 
5. Swamp (4-2) 
6. The Dirt (3-1) 
7. B·Building Bombers ("'2) 
8. Desperado (4-2) 

The Ultimate Bowl Congratulations to the Intramural Champions SWAMP, White Man·s Disease. & The Romphers. It sure tastes good at the top. 
The sport of ultimate disc may be a 

newcomer to the 1M scene (it's only three 
year old), but it certainly hasn't lacked 
for dramatics or excitement. And this 
Sunday evening at 6 pm under the light!. 
at Muir Field . the 3rd annual Ultimate 
Bowl will take place pitting regular 
season champion Better Luck II (5·0) vs. 
the fast fini shing Not Ready for AA 
Players. 

Not Ready advanced to the finals with 
two upset wins thi s past weekend .. . 7·3 
over Indi scretion and 7·4 o\'er heavily 
favored Cheese Boy and the Sri Babies. 
Hadley Johnson, Jay Richards, and Mark 
Elder paced the way for the N(lt Ready 
Player ' who will be playingJulie Zianno·s 
Better Luck disco-ers for the third time 

this season. 
Better Luck advanced to t he Coed AA 

Finals with an exciting 12-9 win over 
Cheese Boy last Sunday afternoon . Oon 
Sutton has three goals in the second half 
and Leo Madnick has a goal in each to lead 
the winners. Darren Bedell of Cheese Boy 
!'cored 5 goals in a los ing effort. 

The early line for Sunday"s big throw-
off has Better Luck as prohibitive 
favorites, but the old adage 0' "third 
time's a charm'· may come into focus. Not 
Ready For AA Players were lasl season's 
Coed A champIons and kn<)\\ what II 
takes in the big games ... good wheels, soft 
hands, strong wrists, and a coupleof ca~es 
of ice-cold Bud for halftime and after the Michelob Light forthe Wnners. 



Vol. 4. No. 8 Nov. 17 , 1983 



The Magazine 
of the '80s 

f.dltor 
NlDREW KEf:Lt:R 

Associate Arts [cIltor 
JOHN NEE 

Writers 
MIKE AHN. JAN IIRf:S ' 
WIER, CHRISTOPHER CNlOU:, 
JONI fORSBERG. RONA HU. M.s. 
Hurrr (Gardening). PAUL M. 
JONf.S. CLYDENE NEE 

f:ditori .. 451·l466 
AdYertislng 451-3468 

Hia/us is published every 
l'hursdily of t he ~hool year as a 
SIIppiernent to the DCSD Guardim. 
/tqIroduction or use without written 
permission of any portion of this 
magazine Is a IIO-no. We weiCOIM 
unsolicited letters. manuscripts. 
and artwork, but assume no 
responsibility for the return of such. 
Send information to: 

HIATUS 
6-0 J 6. 1.1 Jolla 

ca. 9209J 

And that's the fact. Jackl 

Contents 
Cover: The Joffrey II Ballet 
Company is one of the hottest 
training grounds for young talent 
entering into the world of dance. 
Find out about the this company 
of emerging talent on page 3. 

Nuke film .... , ..... , .. page 4 
Testament and The Day After 

have created an awareness of the 
realities of thermonuclear conflict 
and the effects that face present day 

socj~ty, 

films In Review .... , ... page 5 
Rumble fish and Running Brave 

both recently released give an 
insight into young Americans 
fighting the odds. 

Bob's Book Report page 2 
Concert Une page 6 

Assorted Vinyl Report page 6 Go" On page 7 

In class, he's just another face in the crowd, 
In "Heaven;' the hottest dance club in town, he's the main attraction. 

An SLM Presenlltion A kOCH/KIRKWOOD Production A JOHN G AWJlSfN Film A NIGHT IN HEAVEN 
CHRJSTOPHER ATKINS LESLEY ANN WARREN ROBERT LOGAN 

_ ..... JAN HAMMER """ ....... "OENEY TERRIO _.,JOAN TEWKESBUAY 
".od " GENE KIRKWOOD .. HOWARD W. KOCH, JR. _., JOHN G.AVllDSEN ~ 

"""l'" ~ rY1 ~ SOUIII01"ACII; AUUM AVAllUlI ON "'III flECCI'IOS -' ''I1-=~- '' .LA.lI CJQI.8W'''-' I ...,. ' ...... 4 '· ......... ·. _ 
-.1 _ , _ .. ~ . , ....... , .. , .... 

PACIFIC'S LA JOLLA 
VILLAGE THEATRES 
8879 Villa La Jolla Or. 
(N of La Jolla Village Square) 
453·7831 
1 00 • 3:00 • 5 05 
700 • 8.55 • 10 45 
PACIFIC'S SWEETWATER 
I THEATRES 
In Ihe Town and Counlry 
Shopping Cenler 805 Fwy 
al Sweelwaler Ad 474 8571 
12 30 • 2.20 • 4 '15 
6 05 • 8:00 • 10 10 

AMC FASHION VALLEY 
Fashion Valley Cemer 
West of Nordslrom • 291 4404 
600 • 8.00 • 9 55 

AMC WIEGAND PLAZA 
220 North EI Camino Real 
EnCinitas ' 942 5544 
5 I 5 • 7 30 • 9 30 
UA GLASSHOUSE • 
3156 Sporls Arena Blvd 
2232546' 130' 3 30 
5 30 • 7 30 ' 9 30 
FRONTIER DRIVE-IN 
3601 Midway Onve • 223 5535 

2 nlMu5 November J 7, 1983 

UA CINEMAS 
Parkway Plaza 
EI Calon • 440 0306 
'2 '45 • 2.30 • 4 20 
6 , 5 • 8.1 0 ' 9 55 
SOUTHSAY DRIVE-IN 
2170 Coronado Ave. 
Impellal Beach' 4232727 
SANTEE DRIVE-IN 
10990 WoodSide 
Sanlee • 4487447 
Opens al 530 

Bob's Book Reoort 

Of cops and academia 
By loB. It:m[ 

Joseph Wambaugh's latest book. The Delta Star. Is one of his typical 
salty-humored. episodic police dramas. It has unusual addition or a 
genuine Matha Christie style (all right. f.d McBain style) mystery 
which concerns a truly rallen woman (a hooker pushed olf the ftfth 
floor), a Korean restaurant. a'Peruvlan chemistry prof. at cal Tech and 
the Nobel prize. It also links a double vodka-drlnklrtg detective with 
the rall-out from Intemational politics In a ralrly convincing manner. 

The book (which can be round In the Pader's Choice section or 
Central Ubrary) Is a likeable story or the usual set or misfit 
personalities who populate the police ranks In Wambaugh's books. 
However, the writing appears somewhat cramped and hackneyed to 
one who has read Wambaugh's earlier work. or course this novel has a 
mystery and Is built. however loosely, around that mystery. H Is earlier 
books were built on characters and anecdotes. to the exclusion even or 
plot. save the most minimal. 

Isaac Aslmov. on the other hand. does not write about cops but 
academics In his mystery novel A Whiff of Death (altemate title: The 
Death Dulers), which can be found In Central's general stacks. 
Asimov, who Is better known for his science HcUon and his science 
popu1arlratlons, Is quite at ease writing a murder that takes place In 
the chem labs ot a ~ university partly because he holds a PhD In 
biochemistry. As could be expected. Aslmov's detective Is not the 
police otrIcer ostensibly charged with InvesHgating the case but 
rather the proressor who was the victim's advisor. 

The book Is the expected romp through the rertile Held~ of 
academic jealousy. which will be appreclated by every them ... 
who has ever found that his 50S pH butrer solution was actually a 
straight one molar rtaOH solution. Asfmov, who takes after the Agatha 
OIrlstle school or mystery writing rather than the f.d McBain school, or 
the Duliell Hammett school. creaks a raUy nice thought problem. 
and some of the most ftendlsh killing devices I've ever read about. 

ror those of you who follow the Master, the third book In the BaIley 
trilogy Is out. The Robots of DIwn has been the subject of an advanced 
advertisement campaign. so It should be on the bookshelves by the 
time you read this. This Is the third book In the series that Includes 
Otoes of Steel and The !faked Sun. so for thO!e or you who ha~ been 
waiting decades ror this book the walt wonl be too IODQ. 

• Coloreel Papen 
8855 Villa La Jolla Dr. 

457-3775 
• Kroy Lettering 

(Near Ralphs & Sav-on) 
• 1,000+ Pricing 

• Folding 

JRa~~~~=~""" 
f!. froz~ 

._ .... ~ S'o9urf Jllfoir yogun creations 
30(: off 

any parcha_ of $1.00 or IDOre 
1030 Torrey Pi •• Rei. 

• t Henchel 
La Jolla 

PRECISION 
HAIRCUTS 

for mea. wom.a 
Wit" tW. COupo" 0,.",. 
Qffer expire. 12/5/83. 

737 Pearl 456-1170 
La Jolla 456-1815 

-----------------1--------$10 PRECISION I PERM $29.5. HAIRCUT I Long H"ir Exira. 1---------------------for mea & womea I 
Shampoo, condition, cut. 

IBlowdry nol In luded) 
I MANICURE $5 

, 

Going toe to toe with Joffrev II 
By CLYDEn! ftU 

Imagine, a IIIOIIIent In time, 
forera' frozen on canvas, 
coming to life before your qa. 
DIIICaS pole motionlas u the 
chaJactm of the artwork of 
19th catlU)' artllt IIouYIa' IIId 
are brought to life by the millie 
of 18th calD'J CCIIIpOIa' .101m 
I'1eIcL who originated tile • 
IDd DIllIe of noc:bmIe millie. 
"'as Da Aet.t_" IllS ODe 01 
the lint pieces that IkIbat 
.JofhJ cboreogJaphed In the 
19501 .... has come to be 
conakieml the esstnce of 
IM'CJC'IaeeIQI billet. 

11dI piece Is only one ofmuy 
18 tile ~ ofllle.Joft'Ry II 
o.cas. The JotI'ey U Is the 
ipIireIItlce COllI..., of dIncas 
far tile IIIIIn Jo«rey BIllet 
COIftPIIIY. TIlls compay of 16 
represats some of the bat 
clladng talent In the world. 
...., are being traJned u 
soIoIIb to take their places with 
tile JoftRy Ballet and other 
proIeaIonal computes. 

The .lcJfhy II his been the 
training ground for IIIOI"e thin 
150 dancers since Its m.ation Ia 
1969 and has alulllni 
performing In over'S 
profasIonal companies KIOIS 
the world. 

sturmer related his own 
obserYatlorw of dancer il1lurles. 
"One day you will be In dance 
class with someone. and the 
nell day you lind out they won 't 
be coming back, or you see 
someone fill In class and know 
that It will be the end of their 
ClIm'." 

JoII'rey II has taken special 
pruautkNLt to prewnt this from 
happening to thdr dancers and 
have embarked on an ambitious 
program with the Lenox Hili -
JIospItaIln new York on a sports 
medicine program to prevent 
I.urtts from happening. 

"We are going Into a whole 
system with every one of the 
dancers. so we have 
preventative medicine to keep 
I.urles from occurring." Bliss 
said. 

1be sports medicine program 
seems to have attracted a lot or 
support from the dancers. 
sturmer remarked. "I haven·t 
really thought about what I will 
do after I IInlsh dancing. but I 
am very attracted by the fteld of 
sports physlo-therapy." 

At present all the dancers are 
In top physical and artistic 
condition ror their performance 
at Mandeville Auditorium this 
friday. l"Iovember 18, according 
to 811ss. In terms or abUIty, training 

and dedlcatloa the cIaDcas of 
the JoI'rey U share many of the 
SIDle qualities IS most of the 
other billet companies In 
Amatca. One or the more 
cUstlRgulshlng dlffa'ences It his 
Is that the Jomey II does much 

The .JoffreIJ U &Uet ComfMIIIJ will be petfonning then! world ,."ous Qnce.s this frldaIJ .t ocso. 

The program will Include 
"Pas Des D«s.sc.s. " an eumple 
or neoclassical ballet 
choreographed by the 
company's founder. Robert 
Jofft'ey. This piece will be 
rollowed by a more contem-
porary piece. 'The '1'Iary' , • • • 
Chapter." put to the music of 
Jim Croce's 'Til Have to Say I 
Love You In a Song:' The third 
selection or the program will be 
"Corbel" (an architectural 
term), which is an example of 
contemporary ballet set to the 
music or I'redulc Chopin's 
SchelZo Ito. 1 in IJ Minor. opus 
20. The nelt piece is a more 
cla!Sica1 pa de deux (dance for 
two), "Coppel~ Pas De Deux. .. 
the wedding scene from Act III 
of Coppeli& The ftnale selection 
or the program wfll be the very 
contemporary piece "rllghts:· 
which was choreographed by 
leslie-Jane Pessemler with 
music by Albert OIinsky, All of 
the pieces will be performed In 
classk: billet shoes and toe 
shoes. ror ticket infunnatlon 
call tbe Box Omce In the 
Student Center at 4S2-45S9. 

IIlOI'e tourtng than the IIIIdorIty audlUon for the company. He very few dancers who are badly 
of the other apprentice ballet altenclM 1betIeIft., tiooI _ traJned." 
companta. Coupled wtth this Is was selected IS one of the Bliss wert on to descrfbe the 
the'concept that Robert JolI'rey, principle dancers for JolIRy U. tJpes of dancers the JoIIiey II 
has ued aad promoted far "I haft I lot of sbort-tam looks for. "What we look for 
many yeam. the pafOlllllllce of goals with my dancing," physk:ally In a dancer Is long 
works by young. unknown and commented Sturmer on his legs. short tono, a nicely arched 
talented choreographers, feelings about JoIft'ey 11, "but back, a small head, well 
designers IIICl COBlpoler& my first goal Is getting lito the proportioned anns. hands and 

Artistic director Sally Brayley Jo«rey Ballet and doing some fed. and It always helps Ir they 
BlIss revealed In a recent good parts. I think that It's are physically good looking. 
IlItavlew ha' feelings on the eVa')'Olle's goal In JoftRy II:' "There are some dancers that 
.JoIIiey system IIIId the type of TheJoft'reySchoolandJo6'rey come to us who are good 
very unique dancer that comes II are very selective about the looking," she went on to add, 
out of the program. ''The types of dIIIcus that are "but haft probIenw with their 
dancers from our company are selected for their ranks. All technique. We tell than to go to 
IIIOI"e eclectic: or more varied:' dancers must have prior the.Jollfey School to work on 

Young dlllcers from across duskal ballet training and their technique problenw." 
the world have come to the must audition ror the company. Ballet Is not something that 
.JoiI'rq' School to try out for the Bliss com me n ted. .. An someone Ieams overnight; It 
Jo«rey II company. Stephen Important development has takes many long. han! years or 
Sturmer. a young dancer from taken place In this country. 111e study and training. rUn such 
I!ngland who saw the ~ training has Improved so as 1I&shdMce paint a very 
Ballet perform, traftlled across tremendously all over the distorted picture or how 
th~ Atlantic to new York to country that we are now sedng someone would get Into a ballet 

SOFT CONTACT LENSES 
One Hour Service :a.t cases 

INCWDIS: 

school. 
sturmer explained, "It's not 

very realistic for a girl dancer to 
start at 18 to learn ballet" It 
takes many years to condition 
the muscles and train a dancer 
properly In classtcal billet 
"Most female dancers start at 
about 12 years old:' 

Bliss .. d her assUtant Harla 
Grandy are always looking for 
young. gifted dancers. whether 
It be on tour or at the regional 
ballet festivals. "When Robert 
JoIfrey Is on tour with his 
company he Is also looking ror 
dancers." Bliss added. "We see 
500 a. more dancers a )UF. and 
at the most we select lOur to 
enter the JoIrrey School:' 

The thing a dancer least Ukes 
to talk about Is lliurles. A ,.11, 
torn cartilage or broken bones 
can be the end or a dancing 
career . 

If you are thinking about a career 
in the field of Psychology we offer 

contact lenses, examination, 
patient training, follow up, 
chemical care kit and fttting. 

Ph.D. Programs in Clinical and 

IXTDIDID ~ LDeSES 
ONLY tI65.OO 

THE CLASSICAL EYE 
DR • .,.IIT HILLER 

La Jolle WIISe Squere 
(Inside the MIll; Lower level) 

8657 Ville La Jolla Drive • Suite 136 
451-7374 

Industrial/Organizational Psychology 
• Part-time and full·time study options 
• Intensive field work 
• Strong practitioner faculty 
• Financial aid 
.APA accredited programs 
• Career planning information 

applications are now being acapt«lfor Fall 1984 
CSPP·Central Admissions Dept. C 

2152 Union Street San Francisco, Ca. 94123 
or caU TOLL FREE (BOO) 457·1273 

in Calif. (BOO) 457·5261 

l'tovembel'17.1983 ",.. 3 



Today, a law degree can be the most 
valuable asset for moving from midd1e to 
top management. And at National Univer-
sity, San Diego. you can begin studies 
now for the joint Master of Business 
Administration and Doctor of Jurispru-
dence degree_ 

We've built our School of law around 
the special needs of middle managers 
who are ready to take an important next 
step in their careers. All courses are 
conducted in the eveoing_ And the faculty 
consists of judges and attorneys who 
practice what they teach. 

Perhaps a law degree can help you 

,/ 

1101 ly wood's 
then"onuclear 

fallout 
By CHRISTOPHER CANOLl 

advance to top management. For complete 
information on our MBAlJD program, 
arrange a personal interview with Dean 
Todd Bradley at the School of Law. 
National University, San Diego, call 
(619) 563-7310. 
School of Law accredited by the Committee of 
Bar Examiners of the State Bar of California. 

Changing the course of education_ 

lullonallJphersity 
s..DleID 
'\~~ndnt"d b~ Wffit'm ASM ... 1alM .... U/ !:dtoc. and L I.IIk~s 

ALL YOU CAN EAT 
Soup ... $3.50 • Salad ... $4.50 • Soup & s.aad ... $5.25 

Muffins, Breads and Dessert Included 

We also have Sandwiches, Quiche, Broiled Chicken Platter, 
Steak Sandwiches and Burgers. 

* 10% DISCOUNT WITH STUDENT 1.0.* 
Op •• n.9: ..... DAILY 737PEAIILSTIIEET,LAJOUA 454-3453 

UCSD Univenity Eventl Office preeentl 

UCSD Chamber Music Series 
A 

,¢- -~{, 
• ~ ~. ~ \to , ~: .. ":. 

~~ t (t', 
& .. 

THE GUARNERI · . 
STRING QUARTET 

November 19, Saturday, 8 :00 p.m. 
Mand~vill~ Auditorium 

G.A 51H)O, UCSD Stu_ 55.50 
Scria lick~1S aft 545_00 

liiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiTicketron &. UCSD Boll Officel 452--t559"iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiil 

I 

Coppola's high priced 
B-movie deselVes an A'· 

By ['I'IIAn fffRST 
Rumble fish, francis ford he Is. Patty (Diane we), his girl 

Coppola's eleventh directorial friend, and Steve (Vincent 
effort, will be the recipient of Spano I, his four-eyed best friend 
both critical acclaim and s1nct: kindergarten, are both 
discredit for the same reasons: "good" kids who try and 
he Insists on making a film his dissuade h 1m from his 
way, he spares no effort In misguided attraction to the 
putting his vision on the screen, gang fights. 
and he 15 a perfectionist. As the Him starts The 

The film feels like an Motorcycle Boy has been gone 
Indulgent dip Into a would-be from the neighborhood for two 
defunct, anachronistic film months. He Hrst turns up at a 
style. rllmed In highly stylized, rumble (the film's only one) In 
expressionistic, black and white which Rusty-James has 
cinematography (with a few accepted the challenge of a 
color ex(fPllons), It Is based In local rival, Blff Wilcox. In the 
the familiar territory of a phenomenal visual setting of an 
teenage, gang and youth underground railway station, 
oriented B-movle. The story the two gangs have met to 
revolves around Rusty-James witness the battle of their 
(Matt Dillon) and his Inability to respective leaders. Almost as If 
·undentancl his older brother from the mist, The PIotorcycle 
("Iekey Rourke), known only as Boy appears at the moment 
1be "otorcycle Boy. when 1Uty-.IImes has defeated 

Just as In My 1Jod.u.1fI (In his opponent In what Is surely 
which he plays the Idgh school one of the most brilliantly 
bully) and The OUt.!idel'5 (also staged fight scenes In film 
directed by Coppola and based history (Coppola employed 
on a youth-orlented novel by Broadway director "Ichael 

s.~. ,HInton), DUion plays a kind Smuln, best known for his hit 
of elegantly aude, teenage Sophisticated Ladies, to 
tough guy. However, Rusty- choreograph the scene). His 
James' weaknesses are a much oleler brother simultaneously 
more Important factor In this shatters the gang myth and robs 
Him than In Dillon's previous ~-James of his victory when 
works. he says, "What Is this? Another 

He moves through the Him glorious battle for the 
like a determined yet wounded klngdom7" Immediately, The 
bulldog. TryIng desperately to PIotorcycle Boy becomes a 
understand the confusing complu and fascinating 
clrcurnsUnces that encompus . mystery to be unraveled._ 
him. he Is surrounded by Whether or not he Is a hero Is 
characters who are smarter than one of the film '5 central 

RobbJIllerLSOll confronts h& tnIdt COIICh In the ,,'m 'Running &alit!' 

P.,.... 

fIWl o/llon (center) Miclt5 up for his brother (Mickey RDarlce) to. cop (Wfll~m Smith) who wants him out. ~ -
questions. He has no desire to 
be. He claims to be 
mlsamclerstood by those who 
look up to him, especially his 
younger brother. He 15 
understood only by his father 
(Dennis Hopper) and the blacks 
on the other side of the river 
who say, "He's a prince man, you 
know. Uke royalty In exile." In 
exlle7 Behold The Motorcycle 
Boy's ~Iy weakness and one of 
the principal reasons for his 
Introversion. 

Despite his vast wealth of 
abilities. be has returned home 
becalBe of his Inability to fit In 
anywhere else. His colorblind-
ness Is symbolic of his 
unwillingness to compromise. 
He sees things In black and 
white. and as an audience. 50 do 

we, with one map exception. 
We are allowed to see The 
PIotorcycle Boy's fascination, 
Siamese fighting Hsh. In color. 
The odd thing about these 
rumble fish (their nickname) 15 
that they must be kept In 
separate tanks. otherwise they 
would kill each other. 

Rumble f'fsh ' employs Its 
mechanics to a glorious 
extreme, using the audlence's 
familiarity with the genre to 
supercharge Its delivery. There 
are no pretentlons of realism 
here. The Him ~ertves its 
strength from Coppola's 
willingness to create a mythical 
world and stick to It He takes It 
all the way. Angles are .so 
powerful as to give the camera a 
presence of Its own. Shadows. 

painted and otherwise. blaze 
through the screen creating a 
mood that Is so "noIr" as to defy 
the IIlm's aesthetic roots. The 
ambience created works 
wonderfully. 

The Police's virtuoso 
percussionist. stuart Copeland. 
composed and performed the 
Him's frenetic, pulsating score. 
Barry Malkin's editing Is swift, 
tight and clean. "lckey 
Rourke's portrayal of The 
Motorcycle Boy is aJoy to watch. 
simultaneously quiet and 
powerful. The screenplay, co-
written by Coppola and Hinton. 
and Coppola's perfectly timed 
direction have created a 
wonderful film experience that 
Is as rich in ideas as It is 
entertaining. 

A 'Brave' run against the white world 
At the Tokyo Olympics in 

1964. an unheralded Sioul 
Indian named Billy "ills 
captured the 10,~meter run 
title. toppling the favored 
Australian Ron Clarke. His story 
Is Interestingly and accurately 
retold In Running iJrave. 
starring Robby Henson as Mills. 
the only American ever to net 
the coveted title. 

his entry to KV in 1958 and his 
stunning victory, his personal 
life Is tidily explored. Among 
tIKIse In 801y's wake are, BUI 
[aston (Pat Hingle). his abrasive 
but concerned track coach; his 
girlfriend (Claudia Cron), the 
daughtJt>r of bigoted parents; 
and frank "ills, his derelict yet 
beloved older brother (Jeff 
McCracken ). 

Impoverished boyhood to the 
exhilarating. tension-packed 
Olympic race sequence. The 
introspection Into "Ills' quiet 
eager chareter creates a strong 
understanding for the "dark-
horse" champion. and the 
victory sequence leaves the 
viewer truly as elated as Mills 
himself. 

Though far from a classsic 
production. Running Brave is a 
solid opus. proving to be an 
uplifting experience and one of 
the better sports films In recent 
memory. 

The tale starts slowly, 
fOllowing the naive Mills from 
his home on a reservation to 
Kansas University, where Mills' 
once-simple life becomes more 
complex In his struggle to Ht 
Into the "white" world. Between 

The film accelerates 
smoothly from start to ftnlsh. 
with Benson performing ahly as 
the determined, reserved Sioux 
runner. The details within the 
story are surprisingly sharp and 
accurate, from "Ills' 

Ne ..... 

• • ° • • • ° • • ° • • • ° ° • ° 0 000 • • 0 • • • • 00 0 00 0 00 0 00 0 00 0 00 0 .0 0 00 • 00 0 a. 0 •• 0 •• 0 •• 0 D. 
o 0°0 0·. 0·0 0·0 0°0 0 • 0·0 0·0 0° •• 0. 0°0 • 

o 00 0 00 0 00 0 00 0 0 o. 0 •••••• o. 0 • 
0·0 0·0 .0. 0·. • 0·0 0·0 0·0 0·. 
00°00:00.00 00:00:00:0. 

°0°0°0° °0°°0 Visual II~ 4 0 ·0· ·0· 0.0 
0' 00 0 00 0 0 ~ 0 0 o •• O •• 0 

.00°0.00°0.. 0. 0 °00. 0000. 

°0°0°0°°0 I Art M Id 0 0 0 0 0 0 ° 0 • 
000°°0 000 ntl-o toa a, 00°::. 0 •• 
00·00 •• 0 •• 

o 0°0 0 0 0 
o ° ° • Because of a scheduling error, 0 0. • • 

• :.0: 0: the Winter 1984 Schedule of Gasses 0: .:.0 
0:.000 does not list course codes for each • .o: o. 
0.:.0 section for VA 4. Because of this error 0·0: 
o 0·0 ·0 0 

• : : •• we have stopped pre-.tering students •• : : 
•• • 0 for the class until section course codes 0 • 0 

o 0°0 ·0 0 

: ° ° : are printed in the Schedule Update. • ° : ° 
..:0°00 THIS a"·s IS uOT Wllftl" :0°.: 
.0.0°0° ---~ .. ' ~v~ •••••• 
•• : °0 .: • Please check the vtwrfua. Update when •• :.0.0° 
•• • •• • o. __ a--:-, •• 0 00 
° ° ° • ••• ° ° ° it comes out and we wID begin 0 ••• ° • ° ° 
••• ° .0 ° ° ...... tr don fo y'A 4 d . ° •• ° •• ° ° 

.0:001»:000:0000 reS'", a r n ut1Jlg .... 0.:0.0: 
• 0°0 0·. 0°0 ° Finals week. 0· ••• 1» .0. ° 
~(J -= ~;; 483-6721 

·:P ~ 4 
: .0 : 00 : 00 : 00 0 : •• : •• : 0. : • 

•• 00000000 ••• 0 •• 0.0 
•• ·.0°0.°00·.0°.0 ••• • •• • •• • •• ·0. 

• 00. 0°0 0·0 .0 •• 0. 000 0.0 •••• 00 .0 ••• 0 ••••••• 
••• ° •• ° •• ·0' ••• ° 
~&S' ~ u . 4288 Ca88 St . 

I PB i. -hUl"l..l A • Cdll for AppOint ml'nt L ____________________________________ _ 
november 17, 1983 II..... 5 



A 'Holliday' 
of sorts in 
concert here 

By CORKY S1'[rHfrlS 
They are seven young men 

whose ages range from 19 to 23. 
Spirited, exciting and talented, 
they are a new power-pop, swing 
serwation from ~. On 
Wednbday San Diego will get 
Its tlrst look at Ko ... 
Holliday. 

The Stray (its will pef(orm with Ronwr Itoltidlly ~ 

Gang of four moves in 
°a 'Hard' direction witb LP 

S1'[""" InSS 
Since their debut album la between the chant-on-the-

1979, the ~lshgroupQangof Verge-of-l-scRim approach of 
four have beat moving steadily 1980's "Anthru" (Love wtll get 
away from their punk Inftuena:s you like a cue of IJIthru. and 
and towards I more dane_Ie lIIIt's something I don't want to 
fImk sound. 1'IIe1r new lP, IIML catch") and the smooth ddlvay 
continues this romance with of IIM'11s "Is It Love" ("Is It love, 
MB. but It Is unfOrtunately not love that's 011 )'OUr mind, Io¥e 
always successful. resultlaa In not just of a certain kind") 
nat Is perhaps the Gang's comp lete with fema Ie 
weakest effort to date. background shiGa's. 

I'Iot only hive Gang of rour Although DIIII)" fans of the The group Is only a year old, 
but they have .already achieved 
international recognition. Their 
smash hit "Stand By" made 
itself at home on the US pop 
charts shortly after Its release. 
Other hits, such as "Motor 
Mania" and "Don·t Try to Stop 
It." inch closer to-the top every 
day, 

Roman Holliday Is billed as 
the warm-up group for the Slray 
Cab on the bill that also 
features fourteen larat SouL 
Having opened for the Clash and 
Culture Club In ~urope, Roman 
Holliday is well prepared to 
energize their San Diego 
audience. The group "put(s) 
everything into their dramatic, 
memorable knock-out perform-
ances," writes the British 
magazine Melody Maker. 

.-eating and having a good 
time," 

The concert starts at 7 pm It 
the O'Brlen Pavilion at the Del 
Mar fairgrounds. 

moved away rrom the guitar- band's artier work 1liiY not like 
oriented sound of the f1nt two the COII8iltiClallty of lin at 
albums to the bass and dl'UllW least the Gang of four seems 
empbub of the last two. but committed to moving onWllds. 
their Iyrtcs hive ceased to be for better or wane. and Is not 
biting soclll commentary and meldy repeating Its earlier 
hive become quite convea- work, as so I11III)' "new wave" or 
tlonaL "post-punk" bands do on their 

~ Is I striking d~ succeatlve a1buna 
The group's magnetic dance 

attraction emerged from its 
members' diverse backgrounds 
in jazz, pop and punk music, 
Lambert and 8onhomme played 
in a number of pop and punk 
bands before forming Roman 
Holliday. Their old music 
merged with jive style to 
produce a spunky, light-hearted 
tone, 

"Roots Intelectual style" Is 
how Tblrd World would classll'y 
themselves. And Indeed. thdr 
unique combination of deep 
African rhythms with the 
smooth syncopation of modan 
jau and soul brings the listener 
In touch with thek phllOSGphy 
which runs throughout their 
very tight sound, . 

Assorted Vinyl Report 
Top rlYe Sales 
1. UrttIem1fJu .... SID.. Atlantic 
2. Colour bglYumbels (u1tBft ChIb CBS 
3, In/ltlel.s lob."... CoIumbfa 
4. """'r of LofIe IJMO MPt 
S. SaIIe,""gs Ja.... Warner Brothers 

A Roman Holliday is an 
occasion to dance. "We offer 
people the chance to dance," 
guitarist Brian 8onhomme says, 
"and dance to something that's 
different than other music that's 
around," Vocalist Steve Lambert 
adds that their listenerS should 
ideally "come out of a gig 

"We wanted to take the better 
things of SWing," explains 
Lambert. "and make It more 
contemporary." The result Is 
powerful dance music paced by 
the very capable tones of John 
Eacott 's trumpet and Rob 
Lambert 's saxophone, It Is not a 
new music: it is a renaissance of 
SWing and dancers' heaven, 

Third World will perform In 
concert with HIrosIl.... on 
Saturday, Nov. 19 at the rox. 
beginning at 8:30 pm and their 
sounds are guaranteed to make 
you "feel a little better:' 

Din DeItonaIre. San Diego's 
hippest pop band will play at the 
Pub tonight, Thursday.l'he show 
Is free and will be from 7-9 pm, 

BrItIsIa Independent Top rlYe 
I, nelld Oller Itats Codieaa....... 4AD 
2. /Yo Loee lmt o.ep 1'IIte Corpus Chrtstl 
3. 'ower Corruption IIId Ues .,. Order ractory 
4. A nstful of f-Sldns ....... Syndicate 
S, f)uth ChutCh KudtBteIlt.y real Corpus Christl 

To f riends, students 
and colleagues of 
Professor Armin 

Rappaport: 

A memorial service 
will be held at the 
Mandeville Recital 
Hall on Thursday, 

November 17, at 
3pm. 

cowen. TRAVEL 
BUDGET AIRFARES 

San Francisco $390w/ $78I1 
Houston $115ow/ $230I1 
New York $1 19ow/$339rt 

-

London $339o'W' / $62411 
Dusseldorf $340ow/ $589I1 
Copenhagen $36Oow / $59511 
Stockholm $410ow/ $655I1 
Hong Kong $4350w / $69911 
Hong Kong $365ow /$685rt 
Auckland $5300w/$106Ort 
Sydney $605ow/ $121011 
Taipei $355ow / $65511 
Tokyo $465ow / $63911 
Bangkok $4590w / $86911 

Contact 
C1EE/Coundl Travel 
Second Floor. Student Cenler 

452-0630 
6 n .. ",s November J 7, 1983 

Fifth Annual Earl Warren Memorial Symposium 
presents 

"Men, Women & Families: Changing Legal Realities" 
November 18-19, 1983 ' 

Mandell Weiss Center for the Performing Arts 
This year, Earl Warren's Fifth Symposium addresses a complex matrix of legal issues that have emerged in the 
past decade as economic, sc ientific, and technological changes in our society have Significantly altered long-
standi ng relationships between men , women, and rami lies. Our focus on "Changing Legal Realities" challenges 
us to better understand causes as well as effects, and to reexamine the impact of the law as force and coumer-
rorce in our society.Jo in us ror any or all of the following events . No charge to UCSD faculty , students and staff. 
FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 18 

9:00 a.m. 

11:15 a.m. 

1:30 p.m. 

4:00 p.m. 

8'00 p.m. 

Opeiling rem.lrks ,md p,mclllil "Califnrnlais No-Fowh Divorce LJw: A Ret rospectivl' Look Back Over The Past 13 
Years". Panel modcrated b)' Dr. Michael Parrish. 
1 hn:c sm,III pallels held ,l mull,mcllllsl), covering "The Economic Consequent·cs ofDl vorcc", "Issues olJoint Cuswd y" 
.1Ilt! "Medi,ltilln WlthllUI Cllnl1icr" 
MOll! Courr lused 011 (he ISSUl' 01 surmgall' parenting presisled over b}' Jud~c EI.iz,\belh Zumwalt of the San Diego 
Superior Court. Law studems from USD and Califll rnia Western Sc hool or Law will be ilJEuing the case; Dran'!;\ 

Prulcssor~ and Gr,ldll.ltl' sludl'nr~ Irnm UC~D will he playing key Wlln l'SS mles. 
' rl'llill Lll\ 'e III LllIg,l(llll1" - lilill h)' Dr. Dl'nJ'>t Warren portrayi ng (he Sullivan \'s Sulliv.m l',ISl' {lllll' parrner sumg 
,H1othl'l lWlT :In ,l(adl'J11lc degree ). )\((tlrnc)'~ In\'olvl'd m Ihis case will hold .I panel dbcusSlon Ill II ll\\'ing tile filJ11 . 
Dl'Wll1 Hlgg'i Ll'cllIrc il',I(Ul'Illg M~ Anll F,lgall Ginger (founder and PreSIdent of (he Meiklejohn CiVIl Llocrtles 
In~!IIlIll' In Ikrkl'ley) ilddre~slng Ihl' hici thai i'Things Don't Rcall )' Changl' That Feist". Lccture III he held in the 
M.lI1t!e\'illc Rl'cl wl Ha ll . 

10:00 p.m. RCl'l' plilln Illr all S)'II1PllSIUI11 pa lllL'ipant~ 111 thl' Inrernarional Housc. 
SA TURDA Y, NOVEMBER 19 

9.00 U.IIl . OpCIllllg I'l'll1.llb ,lIld ["lIll'l 'lc.ldrc~~lllg (hc "(echOical ,bPCClS 
III Ill'lI' hlnllll'Jlc'll rl'chllnlng)' .II1J hll'lh l'n h'lI1 l'C 111 l' J1[". 

10.'-15 {1.1Il . Panl'l JISL'U'~ll)J1 ,ltlt!rl'~Slllg Ihc 
·· l' lhll.tI 4Ul'!>1I111l, ,lIld leg,,, 
Illlplil',III11IlS ~urrllltndll1g Ihl' Ill'\\' 
hllllm'tlll"" Il'ch IIlllogle" ". 
l>;inl'l 11l1xkl,1[(11' Dr. "rhlill LlIkl'!. 

..... _______ ...................... r ............ ~ ............... -... ... 

I I 

Atom Icafe kicks off Its season 
with Its usual Innovative 
program Tuesday at 8 pm In 
Mandeville Recital Hall. 

The musical potpourri 
Includes a monophonic tape 
piece composed last summer at 
the studios of I. XenakJs In Paris 
by George Bloch: a political 
music theater piece addressing 
the Issue of the nuclear arms 
race by Karen Wlmhursl and 
Gregory Walker: .. rlylng 
Crooked," a setting of a Robert 
Graves poem for voice and 
plano by Carol Isaac: a 

i 

composition adapted for 
electronic guitar written and 
performed by Tom I'forth: John 
Steven's .. Wlndows/360·, .. 
realized by an ensemble of horn, 
tuba and trombone: and "Octet 
op. 28," a composition of forty 
juxtaposed sound blocks by 
(:hristopher Smith, The concert 
Is free. ror Information calI4~2-
3229. 

• • • 
The La Jolla Civic-University 

Symphony Orchestra and 
Chorus. under the direction of 
Thomas Nee, will present two 
concerts of ail-RussIan music at 
Mandeville Auditorium at 8 pm 
on Sunday and Plonday. The 
program will Include 
Shchedrln's "Pllschlevous 
PI eloelles. .. Rachmanlnoffs 
chcnI symphony "The Bells." 

and Shostakovich's Symphony 
No,6. 

Tickets cost $5 for adults and 
$3 for students, and are 
available at the door or by 
calling 452-4637. 

••• 

The UCSD Plusic Department, 
always pursuing the most 
adventurous music making, 
offers a unique evening of 
performance/music called the 
lIIumi".ted M.n. Saturday at 8 
pm In Room 8210, Mandeville 
Center, 

The score of lIIumiM~ 
JIlin, composed and mounted by 
David Weinstein, Is a 2o-foot-
square black and white canvas 
ftoor Installation of textile paint 

. sprayed through stencils, 
arranged Into grids and 
5ubgrlds of solid and 
fragmented patterns. Visiting 
faculty member flutist John 
ronvllle and trombonist Jim 
Staley will assist the composer 
on keyboard In realizing the 
score. The performers are free to 
interpret the compelling grid as 
they wish. 

The concert Is free. for 
Infcmaation call .52-3229. 

••• 

ItIgh School. a compelling 
study of life In a contemporary 
Institution directed by 
frederick Wiseman, screens 
Wednesday at 7:30 at the La 
Jolla flluseum of Contemporary 
Art. It Is the fifth oIfering In the 
Pluseum's sll-part aeries on the 
documentary genre. 

Nee kicks off season 
On Sunday the La Jolla ctvlc-

University Orchatra wiD lUck 
off the 1983-84 season under 
the capable baton of 1boma.s 
nee. 

nee, a UCSD professor, chose 
the all-Russian program to 
begin the season because of the 
"local shortage ofperfonnances 
of this fine music. It's run to 
play," says Nee, "and 
exuberant" The orchestra has 
"excellent ftrst players and 
hlgb-quallty support.'· The 4M.-
student orchestra will surely 

please Its audiences. 
Nee took tile beaIm of the ~ 

member group In 1967,' and 
except b his annual sll-week 
SUIIIJIIa' musk: ksttvII In r.ew 
Hampshire, !'tee devotes most of 
his time to bringing classical 
music to UCSD and the La Jolla 
community. for a small 
admission ~ of two dollars. 
UCSD students can aioY music 
of professional caliber In our 
own Plandevflle Auditorium. for 
more Info call 04~2- 4637. 

- COIlKY S1!PBErtS 

The film series concludes on 
Wednesday, December 7. with 
the historical documentary 
linn County, lIM 

The series Is shown In the 
Ptuseum Auditorium, located at 
700 Prospect Street In La Jolla. 
General admJssIon Is $3 and fur 
seniors and students $2. ror 
Information call 4M-3541. 

• • • 

The John CMIte" Ut£ra'1J 
l'Iagaine SJaow. featuring a 
multl-medla perfOl'llllllCe by 
contributing writers Don 
Cheney, PIark Cheney, Chris 
Tynda.II, PIIchael Glosson and 
others. will be presented 
Thursday at 8 pm. This 
presentation of Sush 1'5 

~erglng Artists Series Is 
Qlrated by Melvyn freJllcher, 
novelist and co-edItor 01 Crawl 
Out Your WIndow, San Diego's 
experimental literary and visual 
art magazine. A free copy of the 
John Chene" Ut£ra'1J JlllIgIZine 

HOME WITHOUT 
A HITCH' 

.... n your .... ..., .. 100II .. )IOU HI 
foot on Amtrek·. San D .... n. No wony 
over ... minute ......... allin, Mo. or 
friend. wIIOM plan. chan.. at tit. la.t 
min .... . 

RIdI ... tile .... .,...... II tile ..., .., to 
tnweI home. You don't need .............. One 
of our ...... nt dally de ....... II ......... for 
yourtnwel ...... - LNAn ......... .,..... OM 
of the .... n Ito,. In ....... n (Inetudln, JIIIt· 
opened "' ..... m). or tile n ......... In your Amtrak 
trip hom. to Northem california or th. C.ntral 
Valley. 

You c..a do .. 'ltUCh - or .. little - .. you ....... 
aboard Amtrak'. trIIln.: .... to .. out and watc .. til. 
acenetY. read a ..... book. 1IHp, or ha¥e a .. Mlwlch 
and drink In .... anack bar. 

When you ..... Journey'. end, )IOU'II be reIaUcI, not 
beat. 

For San DIe .... Information and ..... , ... your campus 
tl'lMtl ... nt, or call Amtrak toll·"", l·800-USAoRAIL. 

will be available along with 
plecostemus cookies for those 
attending. 

Sushi Is loatedat852 ~Ighth 
Avenue In downtown San Diego. 
Admission for the fmerging 
Artists· SerIes Is $3 for the 
general public and $2 for Sushi 
members. ror more information 
call 235-8486. 

• • • 

Prominent Los Angeles 
painter/performer Carole 
Caroompas will present 
I'fy.stiai Unions. an lmaghwy 
chess match in song. text and 
Image, on Saturday at 8 pm. 

In Jlfgstial Unions. a "dream 
ritual," Caroompas explores the 
mysteries of myths, alchemy, 
magic and male-female 
relatlonshfps through the areas 
of science, game structure, 
religious beliefs and humor. 
Well-known for her paintings 
and performances In which she 
reveals a personalized ritual 

Image. Caroopas has perfOl'1l1ed 
and exhibited extensively 
throughout the United States. 
'JllJlstiCll Unions will be 

perfol Died once at SUshi. Sushi 
Is located at 852 llghth Avenue. 
San Diego. Admission Is $5 for 
the general public and $3 for 
members of SushL ror more 
Information call 235-8486. 

• • • 

Artist-activist Suzanne Lacy 
speaks on performance art at 
the La Jolla Pluseum of 
Contemporary Art Thursday at 8 
pm In Sherwood Auditorium In 
corgunction with her spring 
performance piece, Whisper-
The Waues. The Wind. 

Admission to the lecture and 
video Is $3, for seniors and 
students $2. The Pluseum Is 
located at 700 Prospect street 
at the intersection of Silverado 
Avenue. ror Information call 
454-35041. 

4(j"l-~~CJ~ 
Introductory Special 

. 11/;'" ,Ia" l1li ollly 
12 Haircuts -~ for students 

with sd«1«J hairstylists 
rl'glllarly $22 (women). $19 (men) 

Nails 
Sfltlpiured Ntlilsi ng. $40, now $25 
Fills. ff/!. $:!O. ItON! $15 
M(llIi .. " r~. reg. $7, NON! $5 

'..'d i('ll ,.0,;. reg. $ 16. now $12 
f ulil'lIe !I'm/>, reg. $14, HOW $12 

8950 Vil/n fA )011" Dr, 
Su;/~ 1122 

I ... )0/",. C", 92037 
Off" n/l;r" 11 / 30/ 83 

f'Iovember 17, 1983 nlMu 7 



I CanterbuQCDel Mar HaiI&lonJ 
Styles of the 80's 

Haircut $15 
with this ad 

first time customers only 
Open 7 day . 

1011 Camino Del Mar 
Del Mar, Ca. 92014 

(619) 481-6739 
Offer expires 11-30-83. 

8 HIMus November 17, 1983 

UCSD Computer Science Co-op presents 

IBM Personal Computer 
Open House 

November 22nd, 10:30 am & 12:00 noon 
North Conference Room 
UCSD Student Center 

Come see the IBM :J?<: and PC/XT. Learn 
more about the special 20% discount 
program available to students, faculty 
and staff. 

For further iruormation contact your 
IBM representatives: 

Diane Jacobs 
574-5634 

Lany McDonald 
574-5288 




