
es (gimes 
es(gime 

les 

See story on page 11 

• 



The Annual Muir College Pumpkin 
Drop will take place today at noon in 
the Muir quad. Each fall, in honor of 
HaUoween, the students of Muir College 
drop the largest pumpkin they can find 
off the top of Tioga HaR. The pumpkin 
is hollowed out and ftlled with mck-or-
treat goodies for the crowd watching 
below. This year's pumpkin is listed as 
well over 100 pounds. 

• Cellist Frances Marie Uini, who has 
recorded for CRI, Memoria, Curci, and 
Crystal Records, will give a concert this 
Wednesday at 8 pm as part of the 
Wednesday Evenings at Mandeville 
Center Series. Ultti's extraordinary 
ability ha5 inspired several composers to 
write pieces expressly for her. She will 
perform several modern compositions 
including "Solo Intimo" (its American 
premiere) and one of her own works, 
"Ricercar." 

• 
The UCSD Cancer Center was 

awarded a $2.2 million contract last 
week to evaluate a new way to screen 
pOtential cancer-fighting drugs from 
among thousands of new chemicals 
discovered and formulated each year. 
The money was given by the Nanonal 
Cancer Insmure over rwo other research 
centers that offered bids for it: EG&G 

• 
The State of California faces a 

shortage of some 40,000 teachers by the 
~ar 1991. according to the head of the 
Assembly Education Committee. 
Assemblywoman Teresa Hughes, D-Los 
Angeles, who co-sponsored SB 813, the 
Hughes-Hart Education Reform Act of 
1983, said that teachers continue to be 
"siphoned off to the private sector by 
higher-paying jobs." The reform act 
requires that new teachers renew 
teaching credentials every five years 
with continuing education sources. The 
act also provides a S",OOO-a-year bonus 
for so-caned "mentor" teachers, who will 
develop training programs and train 
new teachers in addition to their regular 
classroom duties. The act changes 
student-teacher requirements and 
establishes a student loan program in 
hopes that qualified students will choose. 
teaching as a career before the private 
sector woos them away. It also provides 
for ten percent pay raises for new 
teachers over a three-year period to a 
maximum of $18.000. 

Corporation of Bedford, MassachusettS, 
and the BateUe Corporation of 
Columbus. Ohio. 

• 
The UC Board of Regents 

unanimously approved a budget 
increase that could grow to a 20% hike 
over this ~ar's SUI billion State 
appropriation to the University of 
California last week. The proposal 
includes an increase of S3 miUion a ~ar 
to enroll 800 new graduate students, 
mainly in the high technology areas, 
with the largest percentage earmarked 
for UCSD. In seeking S1.35 .. biDion 
from the State for the 198 .. -85 ~ar. the 
Regents are asking for a SI ....... miDion 
increase, including $87.7 miUion more 
for general operations and S56.7 miUion 
to restore cuts made in this year's 
budget UC President David Gardner 
has already described those increases as 
the top priority of the University's 
budget drive. In the past 20 years, 
undergraduate enrollment has increased 
from 39,"51 to 97.376, while graduate 
enrollment has grown from 16.15 .. to 
25,168. But of the total student body, 
graduate enrollments have slipped from 
29% to 20.7% 

• 
John P. Gaventa and Juliet Merrifield, 

co-directors of the Highlander Center, 
wiD appear tomorrow afternoon at "pm 
(November 1) in MCC 201 to speak 
about the "Uses ofyideo in Community 
Organizations." A lecture will precede a 
screening. On Wednesday. November 2. 
Mr. Gaventa will speak on "The Media 
and Empowerment" at 12:30 pm in 
MCC 201. 

• 
The Depanment of Physics is 

sponsoring seminars all week long on a 
variety of different topiCS. Today Dr. 
Steve Gottlieb win discuss the "Rho Pi 
Pi-Coupling Constant in uaice Gauge 
Theory" at 2 pm in MH 3105. On 
Tuesday Dr. WiUiam Wheaton, from the 
Jet Propulsion Laboratory, will talk about 
"Astronomy on the High (Energy) 
Frontier" at .. pm inP&L 1110. On 
Wednesday, November 2, Dr. Fabrice 
Doveil. UCSD and Ecole Polytechnique, 
wiu speak on "Chaos in Hamiltonian 
Systems" at .. pm in MH 3405. Closing 
the series on Thursday is Dr. Mauricio 
Montal of UCSD. Dr. Montal wiD lecture 
on "Neurotransmitter Receptors in Upid 
Bilayers" at 4 pm in USB 2622. 

UCSDeja Vu 
1968 . .. 

While much of [he narural interest in 
the Warren Commission's Report on the 
Kennedy Assassination has faded in the 
face of this year's political battles, the 
issue is merely submerged, not 
extinguished. This was amply 
demonstrated last Monday night as a 
large crowd gathered in the Revelle 
cafetcria to hear Harold Weisberg 
condemn the Warren CommiSSion and 
its conclusions. Weisberg, author of 
Whitewash -and several Other books on 
the John F. Kennedy assassination. 
spent several hours at UCSD answering 
questions and discussing his 
investigation of the murder. He believes 
this murder might have been committed 
by one department of lne CIA, and that 
department used the subsequent 
confusion to cover ItS tracks. Mr. 
Weisberg stated that the controversy 
itself, at all Icvels of society, makes one 
"concerned about the integrity of our 
society." 

1970 . . . 
"Amenca's only newspaper." Mort 

Sahl , entertained several hundred people 
in the UCSD gym Sunday evening by 
citing little-known facts and anecdOtes 
about the Nixon administration and the 
Warren CommiSSIOn Report, as well as 

other bulmarks of the "establishment." 
QuOting George Orwell saying, "The test 
of any government is, is it truthful with 
its people," Sahl contended that the 
American government is so truthful that 
it endangers the national security. He 
cited the series of presidential 
commissi~n reports that have appeared 
recently as evidence and quoted a 
notice on the front of the Warren 
Commission Report which read. 
"Printed on electroplate gold leaf offset 
process. DANGEROUS IF 
SWALLOWED." 

1980 . . . 
Revelle Cafeteria will be transformed 

into a "high security area" tonight as 
food service and reSident hall personnel 
attempt to squelch any repetition of 
1978'5 legendary HaUoween food fight. 
As .was done last year, meal cards will be 
collected and filed as students enter the 
cafeteria. The entree for dinner is 
shrimp. "This is fairly hard to throw," 
said Ron Cook, a resident advisor. 
-There reaUy Isn't anything planned this 
year." said a student spokesman for the 
UCSD Militant Students, a group which 
claims to want to "overthrow the power 
structure of the Revelle Cafeteria." 

- Christopher Canole 

AS Forum 
This year's Associated StudentS Council is making great progress in its efforts 

to discard a legacy of ineffectual student representation that has left the AS, for the 
most part, ignored and un respected by faculty, staff and students since its 
inception in the 605. Strong leadership under President Craig Lee has 
contributed to the much-needed direction that has been lacking in past student 
governments. Although Council members frequently squabble over ideological 
differences, a cenaln cohesiveness within the AS Council has helped to maintain 
a seriousness of purpose and efficiency at coRective meetings and in fulfilling 
individual duties. This past week two Council members, Commissioner of 
Communications Tim Pickwell and Commissioner of Student Welfare Ken 
Davenpon, proposed projects that reOect this AS Council's effons to more 
effectively represent student intereSts in two key areas, alternative media 
strucrure and funding, and student rights in relation to the university. 

PickweD is sponsoring a srudent initiar,ive that would combine five alternative 
newspapers into one publication. The proposed combined publication would 
cost about $ 10,000 per year, while the newspapers in question, the ntw indicator 
(S14,478), the Ptople's Voict ($6,927), La Vot Frontcrittl ($6,135), L'Chayim 
(SI.892) and Sappho Spcalts ($1,072) have a combined cost of S30,50.. for this 
fiscal year. 

"UCSD has more akernative media than any other campus. with the exception 
of Yale. At one time I thought this was something to be proud of," said PickweU, 
"but since then I've become aware of the fact that the media does not achieve the 
goals that they should; they are nOt catering to the needs of the students. They are 
nOt writing articles or discussing issues that are pertinent to many students on 
this campus. They publish erraticaly for the most part, and their organizations 
are poorly run .... 

Tim Pic_U, commissiontr of communications: "(Popu1arity I should lit tht 
most important crikriG Jor funding ... 

There is a ridiculous imbalance between the amount of fundtng some 
newspapers receive and the amount of readership they have. I argue [popularity I 
should be the most important criteria for funding." Asked about how he assesses 
"populariry," PickweD relied on what he has observed in his three years on 
campus. "I've seen stacks of the ntw indicator sining~round for weeks untouched. 
I see that the Ptoplt 's VoiLe has nOt even appeared thiS quarter. and when It does tt 
will sit around for quite a while; some of the other papers also have this problem." 
Pressed about his concept of the ·purpose" of alternative media and how it has 
not been fulfIlled, PickweU again chastiSed some of the alternative publicatiOns. 
"The People's Voice tends to publish 12,000 copies per issue; of that number 8,000 
copies are int~nded to be circulated in South East ~n Die~,". said PickweU. "Now 
nobody is against the people of South East San Diego recelvtnga free paper. but 
we have to draw the line somewhere .... 

The Voz Fronterittl publishes 8,000 copies, and more than half are intended to 
be circulated off campus. The ntw indicator probably has a wider circulation ofT 
campus than on campus: 

In his combined publication proposal, which is currently employed by other 
UC campuses. PickweU has conspicuously left out the Koala in this fra~ework. 
Pickwell , who founded the Koala last year, has no Clualms about hts aUeglance to 
the humor publication. -I was elected, largely, by a lot of people who recognized 
my name for starting the Koala. " Pickwell added, "The Koala is nOt a political or 
ethnic publication. It would nOt fit in with the other papers." 

When PickweU and his supponers get around some technicalities concerning 
referendums in the constitution. the issue will most hkely IJe up to the students to 
decide. Pickwell and the AS Council wiD surely come under heavy fire for any 
tampering with the alternative media leaders who have been'quite vocal, to the 
point of intimidating, in past effons to lobby the Council. Ethical and political 
issues such as freedom of speech and the right of the Koala to stand as an 
independent publication will most likely ~ raised and flercelydebated . Look for 
the ink to hit the fan when Pickwell's iniliative gets off the ground. 

As commissioner of student welfare, Davenpon feels that the AS has been 
lacking the proper institutions to adequately protect students' rights on campus. 
"There's no one in the colleges to look out for students' rights," said Davenpon. 
Therefore Davenport submitted to the Council a proposal to initiate a new 
segment of the AS to serve just that purpose, the Office of the Student Advocate. 
"There have been cases where students have had terrible misjustices done to 
them at the Individual colleges," said Davenport. "The coUeges are not doing this 
to spite the students. and they are not doing this on purpose. It's JUSt pan of a 
structural flaw in the system. In order to remedy this (we need I a central. 
respected . visual, legitimate service where not only students will know to come to 
the Office of Student Advocate. but the administratton at each ofthe four coUeges 
will recognize the office .lnd refer them here." 

Davenport's proposal has been deared by the Council and should be 
operJtional by winter. In theory the Office of the Student Advocate appears 
sound. One hopes by the end of the year suffiCient puhlic relations work and 
advocate rese,lrch wtll have been done to legitunlzc thiS new officc's existence. 

FBI keeping tabs 
on UC campuses 
By MICHAEL PARTOS 

The Federal Bureau of Investigation 
has recemly admined collecting over 
28,000 pages of documents pertaining 
to University of California campuses 
and activilies. The disclosure was made 
in response to a Freedom of 
Infcmnation Act request made by the 
.Organizing Support Group of the 
Student Cooperative Union here at 
UCSD. 

The 28,257 pages of documents listed 
in the FBI lener cover many areas of 
interest. Included are files on 
demonstrations at various campuses 
under the headings of "Subversive 
Matter" and "Sedilion." A Single rile 
labeled "Internal Securlty-C" contains 
3.200 pages on "Subversive activitles" at 
UC Berkeley. 

The Student Cooperative Union IS 
continuing its efforts to obtain copies of 

the documents and to make them 
available to the UniverSity community 
and general public. 

According to Emma Godot, project 
coordinator for the Student Cooperative 
Union . "These documents have the 
potential to establish to a great extent 
FBI surveillance and penetration of our 
Universities ... The headings and subjects 
contained in the FBI's lener Indicte that 
the bulk of the FBI investigations were 

. aimed not at criminal activity but at 
political activity." 

A UC-C1A relations study group of the 
SCU has been studying lies between the 
CentrJl InteUigence Agency and the 
University of California since 1978. 

The project began With over 700 
pages of documents released by the CIA 
in 1978 to a UCLA graduate student 
named Nathen Gardels. Today the study 

group has nearly 2,000 pages of 
documentS concerning UC-CIA ties 
from the 1950's through 1977. Still. 
hundreds of pages of additional 
documents. as well as substantial 
portions of those documents which 
have been released . have been withheld 
by the CIA. 

Many of the documents reveal long-
standing, extensive ties between the CIA 
and the University of California. 
According to SCU publications. the CIA 
has used the University as a training 
center for CIA agents. Furthermore, it 
has had extensive ties with UC faculty 
and administrators (hiring some as 
consultants). The CIA recruits agency 
personnel through the University. CIA 
documents released show that a 
Berkeley professor was writing a book 
for the agency in 1978. 

Other documents show that the 
University has carried out research for 
the CIA at the San Diego, Irvine and 
Berkeley campuses. At UCSD research 
was done In image processing and 
eli mate stud ies (a project that continue, 
ostenSibly under a different 
sponsorship). Professors III UCSD's 
Economics Depal1ment (one of whom IS 
now dean of graduate studies and 
research at UCSD) have done research 
for the agency on the world now of 
criucal resources. 

These and other findings are 
summarized in A Censored His[()ry oj 
Rdalions !X·twC:t:1I the UIlIvcr>ity oj 
Culijill1liu (/I1d thl' COHml Intdhgcncl' 
i\gl'llcy.avililable from the Student 
Cooperative Union . UCSD B'{)23 , La 
Joll.'1. CA 92093. 

UC-SAN-Dl[GO 
INTERNATIONAL 
fILM'---SERIES 

I . 9 . 8 ' 3 

tit HREE 
BRQ' HERS 

DiTtI:ud by Francaro Ros; 

Wllh PIIiUipe NoiTa 

19BI I I) min. Iud) 

Three Bradwn deala with 
the memorie, reverie., 
upiratlona uuI fan of three 
men who haw rerumcd to 
,heir father', fum in 
Southern Iwy 10 anmd 
their /ROIher', funeral. 

November 1, Tuellday, 7:30 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 

G.A. $5 .00, St. &. Sr. $3.00 
'--________ UCSD Box Offict.': 452-4559 ________ -' 

Rappaport dies at 67 
Armin Rappapon , professor emeritus 

of history at UC San Diego and first 
provost of Third College. died Thursday 
morning, October 27 . in San FranCiSCO, 
following a brief illness. 

Rappapon. who was 67 , had offiCially 
retired from the UCSD faculty last July 
but was scheduled to teach an 
undergraduate history seminar on 
Carn l~\I <; this fall. 

1\,lppapon was considered one of the 
major figures in Ihe study of American 
diplomatiC history as well as one of the 
most popular teachers of both 
undergraduate and graduate students at 
UCSD. During the course of his career, 
Rappaport directed nearly thirty doctoral 
dissertations. and his former students 
occupy posts at several major 
i nslttUllons. 

"Armin was a key figure in the 
chilllenge to "II of us in matters of 
undergraduate Instructlon ." said David 
Rlngrose , ch"irman of the Depamnem 
of HIStory at UCSD. 

Rappaport lived in Berkeley but 

STRATEGIES 
FOR 

UNDECLARED 
MAJORS 

commUled to San Diego during !:he 
week to teach classes. He was a member 
of the History Department faculty at UC 
Berkeley from 1949 until 1967 when he 
came to UCSD. From 1967 until 1969 
he was the first provost of the newly 
forming Third College. He reSigned as 
provOSt in 1969 to return to hts full-time 

. duties as chatrman of the History 
Department. 

Rappaport wrote three books: The 
British Press and Wtlsaniall Neutrality, The 
Nal" League oj che Ulliccd States. and 
Henry L Stimson and Japan . as well as a 
number of articles on diplomatic history 
and diplomacy. Deeply commined to 
teaching, he also edited and published a 
number of essays and documents for 
use in the classroom. He further 
distinguished himself as the first editor 
of the Jouma! oj Diplomalic HiStory , 
which has become a major journal in 
the field . DUring the 1964-65 academic 
year he served as a Fulbright professor 
of history at the University of Paris and 
also lectured throughout Europe . 

Wednesday, November 2, 2-3:30 p.m. 
North Conference Rm, Student Center 
5till unsure about)lOU' major? This W'Oriuhop will give you a more systemoIic 

way to investigalt' lJCS[)'s 24 majors, to learn mare about your skills, int~ 
and goals, and to COnsider the occupational possibilities for majors that best fit 

YOU. A srudent ponet, ocademic advisors, and representatives from Caeer 
Planning & Placement will be there to help you deal with your case of 

"UNDECLMEDmS." 



Editorial 

UC'S salvation may be in .the offing 
but it must adapt to new conditions 

The 1983-84 academic year may prove (Q be the Dark Age in the 
history of the University of California. On the other hand, if State 
suppon does not rebound next year, it may prove to be the beginning 
of [he end for cheap, high quality education in this state. The State 
Senate is currently looking deeply into the way UCs fees are structured 
(see story on page 7), and while state officials hope that fees can be cut 
(or at least held constant) for most students, there is strong speculation 
that UCs post-graduate programs will soon carry a stiffer price tag. 

Much is contingent on what stance Governor Deukmejian takes as the 
state budget shapes up before next June. During a recent speech he gave 
to an Armenian group in New York, Deukmejian said, "In the budget I 
am now preparing, I am determined (Q proVide California's State 
colleges and universities with an increase they badly need and deserve." 
The State surplus (nee defiCit) is no doubt largely responsible for the 
Governor's new enthusiasm for higher education, and there is every 
indication that the economy will remain strong enough to support UC 
properly into the foreseeable future . 

Simply throwing more money into the fray will not solve UCs, 
problems, however, and the pool of tuition-avoidance scbeflles is 

vinually depleted. One example was the "reclassification" of the 
registrar's office from an "educational service" to a "support service." 
This allowed student fees to be used for its suppon without the specter 
of tuition rearing its ugly head. This type of nonsense can only be 
stretched so far, and it seems that UC has reached the breaking point. 

If the University is serious about keeping costs to students at a 
reasonable level, it must steer onto a new tack. Instead of taking its 
troubles out of the hides of the students, UC must look inward and 
begin to hack away at the growing pustules of inefficiency that it has 
built up over the years; progress has been made in this areas recently,. 
but there is still a great deal of work to be done. The point here is that 
when and if UC gets the increases it has been asking for it must resist 
the temptation to return to the old way of doing things. The baby boom 
is over and State revenues no longer spout from the seemingly 
inexhaustible font that came with the dramatic economic growth of past 
decades. 

In this new era, it should be the University that makes the painful 
adaptations. not the students. 

n<efctt<eIr~ll®ilit®If~ll®fctt®rr~n<efrfr<err~ll<ettit<eIf~ll®fcttceIf~n<efctt~rr~n~fctt~rrln~{tit~lrSn<e{tit~lfsll~ttit<eJr 
frcelf~lettersncefctt<err~llceilit~rr~llcefcttceIr~llcettfr~rr~ll~ilit<eIr~ll~ilit~lf~ll~tttt~Jrsn<etttt<elrSn~ttit~lfSn<e 
Ir~ll<efctt<err~nceilit~Ir~ll<efrfr<eIf~ll®till<err~n®ilit~Ir~ncefrfr~Ir~n~iliteJrlll<eilit~rrlll<ettitelrSn<etttt<eJrlllettit 
n<ettit®rr~n(f;ilit®If~llceilitcerr~n®frfrcerr~n®frfr~rr~ncefctt<eIr~ll<eilit~Ir~n~frfr<eIrn~(t{t<eJrsll<ettit<elr~n<eilit<eJrn 
Editor: 

That the Guardian wiD prim an article 
such as Christopher Canole's plea for 
apathy and mediocrity (Commentary, . 
October 27th) is a sad statement. That It 
is consistant With the paper's apathy 
and mediocrity is worse. Mr. Canole's 
advice ·to avoid either side of an issue 
and to always take the middle ground 
has obviously been swaUowed whole by 
the Guardian - even the editorial staff, 
who have, in recent issues. successfuUy 
avoided supporting or opposing CAPE. 
the American Teachers Federation or 
even something controversial as the 
livermore and Los Alamos weapons 
labs. 

The Guardian 's problems lie with the 
Oaw in Mr. Canole's anicle: a paranoia 
of extremism. In many cases extremism 
is desirable and justified. One may. for 
example. be extremely opposed to 
torturing small children and will listen 
to no opinion to the contrary. Should 
we disregard this "extremist" pOSition in 
favor of one tolerating torture in cenain 
situations. say, applying red hot pokers 
if the child doesn 't do his or her 
homework? Obviously not There are 
many things, like torturing children , 
which are absolutely wrong regardless of 
who believes in them. One cannot 
condemn those who are intolerant and 
dogmati c about the wrongness of child 
torture. Mr. Canole says: "The 
frightening reality is that these righteous 
extremists insist on the IOtal world wide 
conversion to th eir cause. Seeking a 
unanimous result. they either convert 
th ei r opponents or ehmln ate them." Is 
the realit}' of a world convened 10 
opposing child tOnure that frightening? 
Is there something wrong with 
conve ning someone from the desire to 
apply thumbscrews 10 pre- t~en s? Or 
se nd ing him 10 jailor mental hospllal if 
he does? 

ObViously. most issues one 
encou_nters are conslderabl), more 
complex than this . But that does nOl 
mean that absolute "extreme" pm,1110nS 
cannot be correct Would Mr. Canole 
advocate telling Catholi cs that they 
should believe that 'God might exist' 
because that is more moderate than 
saying 'God does exist' - is the pope 
an extremist? (thiS IS nOt 10 sa)' that 
there IS no c.lse for agnostlc lsm bUI 
rather that choosi ng the middle ground 
because it IS more moderate IS nothing 
shon of mmdless) The answer IS nOl 
"moderate re Istance to bot h ~ Idc~ of an 

,,~ue" IS \lr. Cmole ,.11' hut ,;tud) Ing 

both sides to determine which (it 
either) is correct. 

As learning about an issue goes, Mr. 
Canole warns us against an anicle that 
"has the potential for becoming 
propaganda and a call for extremism." 
Any anicle, however. reflects the biases 
and beliefs of its author - Mr. Canole's 
piece could be described as "extremist 
propagnda for moderation ism." Often 
the extremes are also me beSt places to 
look in order to form an inteUigem 
opinion. Uncertain as to whether 
capitalism is a good idea or not? The 
California Review will give you the 
reasons 10 support it and the new 
indicator will give you the reasons to 
oppose it. And the Guardian. you ask? 
The Guardian will remain mediocre. sit 
on the fence and consequently say next 
to nothing of any use 10 the student. 
This is more than wearing blinders -
this is the blind leading the blind. 

Alan Colley 

Editor: 
Thomas Rankin , in his anicle "Yuri's 

SovietSpeak". aUlOmatically dismisses the 
views expressed by Tass regardless of 
their validity. He refuses to examine the 
arguments presented by the Soviet 
Union because of the source itself. He 
unquestioningly defends the United 
States' role in world matters and finds 
fault with the USSR. This is indicative of 
a Simplistic world view where everything 
is seen in terms of black and white or 
good and evil. 

He treats'American foreign policy as a 
reaction to Soviet foreign policy instead 
of as a policy directed by its own 
domestic, economic and Ideological 
imperatives. Whether or not the Soviet 
Union is Involved has little bearing on 
American countennvolvemem In that 
area . as has been shown-through 
histolY 

The United States IS nOl In El 
Salvador because of the Soviet weaponry 
- instead , military advisors are there 
because the rebels threaten the political 
stalUs quo by advocanng a nationalist 
regime. PrevIous governments in central 
America have traditionally been 
controlled by a landed elite which have 
strong common Interests with American 
capitali sm Revolutionary movementS in 
the region seek 10 destroy the power of 
these elites and create governments 
wh ich denve theIr suppon from the 
cIti ze nry Such governments would no 
longer be as coopertlw \\,Ith Ame rican 
roilcie., ,mel' these wOLJld not COInCide 

with the citizens' welfare. The American 
government is involved under the 
pretext of protecting a "democratic" 
regime when. in reality, their only 
interest is to suppress a national 
revolution which counters historical 
American interestS. 

What Tass has to say about Japan 
isn't so far from the truth. What Mr. 
Rankin has to say doesn't seem to make 
so much sense, Yet his tone dismisses 
the validity of Tass' statement without 
serious contemplation. 

Though the Japanese nation was 
never "annexed" the comparison 
between Japan and eastern Europe is 
apt. At the end of World War Two the 
United States imposed on the japanese 
a new form of government. The 
Americans wnxe their constitution and 
occupied the country for a number of 
years. When the occupation finished, 
the American military remained as the 
japanese military was not capable of 
defending the state. nor was it meant to 
be. If the japanese government is 
constructed by a constitution wrinen by 
an American general and depends on 

American military for its defense then 
their domestic and foreign policies 
cannOl be far removed from American 
interests. 

~ver, now that the Japanese 
government is deemed more 
trustWOrthy. the United States has, 
encouraged them to be more militariStic. 
Pressure has been put on to increase 
defense expe~itures, and the Japanese 
are beginning to comply. Also the recent 
textbook episode indicates a widening 
acceptance of militarism in their society. 

Thomas Rankin arbitrarily dismisses 
these points which have a factual basis; 
it is discouraging that he does it in a 
farcical unthinking manner. This is 
sympromatic of an American society 
which perceives the world as an arena 
for U.S.-Soviet conflict. Civil wars and 
regional conflicts are treated as 
examples of Soviet aggreSSion. when, in 
fact, stronger indigenous forces exist. 
Such a tendency can only lead to the 
repetition of tragedies such as we have 
already experienced in Korea. Vietnam. 
and most recently. Lebanon. 

James RoaberJ Jolene KioIbasBa 

.. ~ 
U.(9) Copy Editor 

James Ralph Papp 
Opinion Editor 
Thomas Rankin 

Associate News Editors 

Editor 
Tim August 

Managing Editor 

Mike Greenberg 
Lisa Lapin 

Features Editor 
Chris Young 
Arts Editor 

Andrew Keeler 
Assoclart Arts Editor 

John Nee 
Sports Editor 
Jeff Savage 

PhOlO Editor 
Rich Pecjak 

The UCSD Guardian is published 
Mondays and Thursdays during the 
academic year by students <Jt UCSD. 
Reproduction or use without 
permiSSion of any portion of this 
newspaper is stricd), prohibited. Not 
responsible for unsoliCiled 
manuscnpts or an. 

Our office is located southeast of 
the Revelle Provost Offrce on the 
UCSD campus. The BUSiness Office 
IS open from q am [0 noon and 1 
pm to 5 pm 

Phil Lauder 
General MlIlIIer 

Chris Milke 
Associate Genenrl Managers 

linda Lewis 
Valerie McMuUIn 

Photographers 
Richard Caterina 
Rob Friedenthal 
Mark Johnson 
David NeweU 
lUustrators 

John Ashlee 
GarneU Fitz-Henley 

~thy Morrow 
Typeseacrs 

Anggie Lapid 
Phil Lauder 

Andy Laurence 
Chris Ostetwalder 

Production 
Hana Abrams 

Lisa Jones 
Vesna Kulasinovic 

Kelley Neal 
The UCSO Guardian 

UCSD,8-016 
La Jolla, California 92093 

(619) 452-3466 

Calumnist 

Federal aid to beleaguered universities 
By JAMES RALPH PAPP 

Ronald Reagan's press KCm&1y said 
the other day that the President did nOl 
ferl "there was a breakdown in 
inrtUigence" concerning the Grenada 
invasfon. That, of course, is a maner of 
opinion. Besides the Jeneral sort of 
objections (including those sons of 
generals), e.g., Americans kiBing Olher 
people, Olhrr people kiling Americans, 
there are indirect but specific problems. 

The invasion has given reporters and 
anchonnen the opportunity to say 
"pockets of resistance" at led a. dozen 
times in any given newscast It has 
given the press the chance to talk about 
what they mOlt like to talk about: 
themselves. Sped6caDy, they are giving 
more time in newsca5l5 covering their 
own effilrts to get on the island than the 
Marines' efforts to do the same. But the 
deeper problem which we have to set II 
is. if UCSD Medical School were 
hemmed in by a dangerous coup, 
whether the President would come to 
our aid. 

Of course "hemmed in by a 
dangerous coup" is a slighdy 
questionable reference to the American 
medical school on Grenada. St. George's. 
Of course the students who were puDed 
off the island were very grateful and 
insisted capture as hostages was 
imminent. But what can one say? It is 
very embarrassing to admit that perhaps 
what the Grenadan govemment did not 
most want to have on their hands was a 
large group of American medical 
students. We have aU met pre-med 
students: are med students any better 
company? If the Grenadans wanted to 
support those students, who probably 
supponed much of the island economy 
before. then they were probably being 
led by an unstable leader and should 
have been inv~ded. 

So we leave the hostage question. 
never to be answered accurately until we 
know whether HaUmark stepped up its 
yellow ribbon production. Let us get 
back to the question of what Reagan 
would do if UCSD were in danger. 
ignoring the fact for the present that the 
frightening accounts from St. George's 
students were of a battle which began 
only after the Marines arrived. Would 
the President send aid in such a 
situation? Would he send the Defense 
Department film makers? Perhaps to 
answer the second question is to answer 
the fllst. 

UCSD and Grenada are both lovely 

locations and IooIc &ood on television. 
One wonders if the whole invasion was 
nOl engineered by the Grenadan tourist 
bureau or by the 000 mm bureau to 
give their young directors a big break 
into show business. When we see the 
shOl of a couple of Marines standing 
guard in front of a film advenisement 
painted on the wat, "GANDHI Coming Soon: we wonder if the Defense 
Depanmeru has more of a sense of 
humor or less smans than we thought 
before. 

Ho~ver, back to UCSD. Assuming 
that we thought ourselves worth being 
held hostage and thus in danger. and 
assuming aCter the fact we could 
convince the outside world of the 
danger, aD having chosen to be 
evacuated. and after the fact have the 
President sit down with our chanceDor 
and convince him of that too, and 
assuming also that America had a moral 
and legal right to put 1900, no 2:500, no 
3000 (and counting) troops here. 
~ause, Cuba, say, was planning to put 
7000 (assumlOg that many could fit). 
and assuming, of course, that we are 
merely an excuse for the Marines to 
come in at aD, would the President and 
the Federal government help us out oC 
our mess? Wou19 they make sure we 
survived and protect us from those 
trying to bring about our downfalls? 
Would they send aid if we were going 
to be held hostage without support. and 
thus we were going to be slowly starved 
to death and were perhaps being 
starved to death now? 

Of OJurse that is aU assumption, and 
of course many things would stand in 
the way. For instance. UCSD is on 
California soil. not on the Federal 
govemment's native District of 
Colombia. This might bring up some 
sort of problem as occurred in Grenada. 
when the United States (not apparently 
satisfied with our Revolution 200 years 
ago) decided to invade a nation of 
Commonwealth. with Queen Elizabeth 
officiaUy its head of state. Who can 
blame the Queen and her 
representatives if they were nonplussed? 
How might we have felt if. on their way 
back from retaking the Falklands, the 
British Navy had decided to occupy . 
Puerto Rico or New Jersey? 

Let us choose the sort 01 terrorist 
leader we wan!. It does not matter what 
nationality he IS; it never does to the 
President. Whatever nationality. 

whatever continent. whatever political 
situation. the terrorists are al~ys 
backed by the communists. 

Anyway. as I said. it is not necessary 
to choose a leader. bue for the sake of 
moving the story along let us choose an 
Armenian. This Armenian came to 
power in a bloodless coup. Almost 
immediately he and his cohort seized 
the university. and since ~hen he has 
been holding its members hostage. He 
has cut off their nourishment, and he 
insistS that they can only be supported 
iC a large ransom is paid by them or 
their close relatives. The situation is 
tense, beca~ many, perhaps most, of 
the families cannot afford ransom, 
which is very large. and there is an 
unfair advantage for the wealthier 

. families. 
Of course this is a problem. because 

Reagan has neVer shown any particular 
concern while intervening in conflictS 
for the poorer people. who are usuaRy 
the ones being oppressed. He has never 
seemed interested even in giving them 
equality with the wealthy, either at home 
or abroad. In fact, what he usuaRy ends 
up doing is siding with the wealthy 
against the poor. who are as usual, 
Soviet backed and Soviet incited. 
althought nOlo curiously. simply . taking 
advantage of the Russians' free guns and 
money, which their wealthier 
countrymen are doing with Americans'. 
Now this son of situation does not 
appear in Grenada, where no one 
appears to have much money at aU. so 
the President does not have to be 
discriminating in whom he orders our 
Marines to shOOl at. 

This terrorist has now got a 
stranglehold on UCSD, in our scenario. 
and is usrn~ It no longer as a unrversiry 
but as a political symbol. By hording it 
hostage he is proving some sort of 
ideological point; it is obviously no 
concem of his whether any education 
continues. And his point is that the 
ransom must be paid and the students 
supponed by their families and that he 
is taking no responsibility. And unless 
someone. such as the President. rescues 
the students they are doomed. 

At thIS place in the scenario there is 
an odd twiSt. In previous such situatio~ 
the President has required the students 
for whom he paid ransoms to sign a 
little form that they might end up in SI. 
George's Medical School as well . but 
with a helmet and rifle rather than an)' 

books. 
By now, however, we realize that the 

whole question is merely an academic 
one. or more accurately an anti-
academic one. This is because the 
President and the Armenian terrorist are 
of the same political affiliation. and the 
President never considers people of his 
politics to be terrorists no maner what 
they do. just as he considers aU people 
of the opposite politics to be terroristS 
no matter what they do or do not do. 
One fears very much that the students 
will never be saved. But that is alright. 
lOr domestiC Job prospects. even for 
university graduates are dim, and 
abroad there seem to be many more 
openings in the Army. Navy and 
Marines. especiaDy for the poor and 
uneducated. 

Of course the hostages would have 
been very gratified if the President had 
sent aid to them is weU as to the 
students at St. George's, but one cannot 
help everyone, and the St. George's 
people were obviously in greater danger. 
although of a slightly different kind. 
One must get one's priorities right , to 
the extreme right, and it should be 
obvious to all that invading Grenada. 
especiaUy just after the destruction of so 
many more people in Lebanon than 
would be possible in Grenada, was a 
greater service to mankind , including 
Americans. Grenadans. Marines and 
students. than just educating a lot of 
people . Besides, one getS better press 
coverage with an invasion: studying 
does not translate so well into film (at 
11). 

Crosswo,d~ 

'AlA- and Maat.tCard· c..ctlt Avallabl. 
to'Studenta through TlTESAVEFI"slankAcllon Itrograml 
No MIrirTun Income Of Job Requirements 
5cMngs account and tees required, Moil this coupon to< complete 
1nt0ffTl01Ion. 
Send to . TImetaver Heodquorlers BuI1dirQ I 

SIIDnI Dept I 12276 Wilkins Avenue I Rockville . MO 20852 

-

--CIIy 

S1at\a f, U SOpI\ U Jl U Sr U Grad U 



lWIN 
PRINT 

SPECIAL 
Get two sets of color prints 

for the price of one 
2nd set FREE! 

One set to keep - One set to share. 

12 exposure. 24 prints $2.47 
15 expo d isc. 30 prints $3.69 
24 exposure. 48 prints $4 .. 47 
36 exposure. 72 prints $6.77 

( ) If I ) ::!h 1: \: •. oIlh) ) "" (, .. )) I', ",',.",) 
Another Great Photo Value from 
UNIVERSIl v BOOKSTORE 
University of California, San Diego 

La Jolla. Ca. 92093 
Computer/Electronics Department 

Phone: 452·4291 

Hour.: 
Monday·FnddY 

8:00 am · 4:45 pm 
Saturday 

10:00 am . 4:00 pm 

UCSD PROGRAM IN CHINESE SlUDfES 
PRESENTS 

~./---MANDEVILLE AUDITORIUM. UCSD---
November 4.1983 

6:30 PM Bubbling Spring 
8:30 PM . Ri9hshaw Boy 

November 5.1983 
2:30 PM A Narrow Street 
6:30 PM Legend of Tianyun Mountain 
8:30 PM Memories of Old Peking 

ADMISSION FREE - ALL FILMS SUBTITLED 

1982 
1982 

1981 
1981 
1982 

State Senate 
discusses freeze 
on student fees 
By PHIL WIllON 

At a recent hearing held in SacramenlO by the Chairman of the State Senate Committee on 
Education, Gary Han, there was 
discussion of slUdent fee policies for the 
University of California and California 
State University systems. Some of the 
more peninent topicS included the 
possibility of implementing student 
tuilion, the funding program ror 
financial aid, and the financial future of 
the UC Schools or Law, Mftiicine, 
Veterinary Medicine, and Drntisny. 

The current fee policy for the 
University or California is to provide a 
low-co5t, tuition free, quality education. 
but with the changes that haw occurred 
over the past rew ~ars. this ideal has 
become endangered. ThroughOUl the 
1970's UC rees ranged berween S600 
and 5700 a year. Today that figure has 
risen to 51,391. This is 529S hiaher 
than the national average ror Olher four 
year, PhD-granting, pubhc, post-
secondary education institutions. At the 
hearing, UC Student Lobby Director 
Miguel Ceballos voiced his concern: 
"This places us within just a rew dollars 
outside tuition ." 

In 1970 there was an attempt to 
impose tuition at the UC campuses. It 
failed, but It did leave behmd an 
educational fee that students must pay 
10 help SUPPO" financial aid. Besides 
Ptis. the fees we pay now are only used 
ror student services; they do nOl pay for 
the cost of instruction, research, or 
public service . .Recently there has been a 
lot of talk about changing this long-
standing policy. Two years ago there 
was recommendation of changes in the 
student fee system. "They don't think we 
should continue the no tuition policy: 
said Ceballos. 

With the UC student fees fast 
approaching inaccessibihty 1O those in 
the lower economic bracket, something 
had to be done . Governor Deukmejian 
responded last January by increasing the 
fees by $150. But the Governor's press 
secretary Kevin Brett promises things 
will be different now. According 1O Bren, 
higher education is the Governor's lOp 
priority, and apparently he wants to 
keep next years's fees equivalent or 
possibly lower than the rees this year. 
That is , only if State revenues provide 
him with the needed money. 

The prediction of Cahrornia having 
up 1O $1 billion in surplus in the near 
future has increased the optimism ror aU 
the money-hungry education systems. 
The Community Colleges appear to be 
on lOp of the list for receiving surplus 
funds; they need 5200 1O 5300 miUion 
to compensate for what has already 
been CUI. Ann Reynolds. the chancellor 
of the Californi,\ St,1Ie Universities. has 

already asked Deukmejian to reduce 
their rees by 590, a proposal that is 
being carefully considered by the 
Governor. The UC Regents have not 
made a similar request as yel. 

AnOlher topic discussed during 
Senator Han's hearing was the current 
financial aid program. "The only area of 
agreement dunng the meeting was ror 
more financial aid and loans," 
commented Senator Waddey Deddeh 
(D-San Diego). For those srudents who 
need money, this may appear to be 
great news, but just what kind or aid is 
Deddeh talking about? . 

Currently, 55%, or the average 
financial aid package at the University 
of California contains money that must 
be paid back or earned by the student. 
At the same time, scholarship programs 
and grant monies have been drasticaBy 
reduced. Upon graduation it is possible 
for a student 1O owe up to 59,000 in 
loans. This is more than some students 
will be making per year. Because of this, 
Ceballo warned that some prospective 
students may be scared off and look for 
a job instead of an education they 
cannot afford. 

The greatest threat to the UC system 
seems to be the growing sentiment for 
charging tuition at all the UC 
profe§sional schools (medicine, law, 
dentistry. and veterinary medicme). 
Senator Deddeh . who has been 
identified as pro-tuition, explained that 
since the proressional student will be 
making a lot of money when he 
gmduates, the University should be 
compensated for giving him his 
education . "These are areas in which 
theIr earning potential IS high . It should 
be looked into very carefully." he said . 

What Deddeh fails to see is the fact 
that the IOtal cost of thiS education can 
run up to $45,000, and most of the 
professional school students rely on 
financial aid to SUPPO" themselves. In 
the UC law schools, 72% of the students 
receive financial aid . In veterinary 
medicine it is 74%. while in medicine 
and in dentistry it is 89% and 92%. 
respectively. Representing these 
students, Miguel Ceballos testified. 
"When students complete their 
S(:hooling they find themselves with 
53O,OOO-S40.ooo debts. With the 
Interest rates of student loons rising, the 
total p<l)back in 10-15 ye<lrs ranges from 
100,000 to 5200.000." 

Also 1O be concerned with the price 
of edul'ation are UC grnduate students. 
As of now, they pay a sum of $60 a year 
more than undergr.ldUi1les. Governor 
Deukmejian, along with some other 
members of the LegIslature . has 
mentioned .10 interest in mising this 
dillerence as mlk.·h as $100 higner. 

LlmL1 
CU'n1Nl 
CIJIIUT 

PRECISION 
HAIRCUTS 

737 Pearl 

for men • women 

Off.r •• pi.... 11/7/83. 
456-1170 

La Jolla 456-1815 

, 

\ 
-----------------~------$10 PRECISION I PERM $29.50 HAIRCUT I Long Hair Exira. 

1-- - -- - - -- - - - - - -------for mea. wOlDen I I MANICURE $5 Shampoo, condition, cuI. 
(Bk}wdry nol rneluded.) 

The SBPC represents 
UC student' Views 
By SHARON SOGOMIAN 

The Student Body Presidents' Council 
is composed of 18 graduate and 
undergraduate students appointed each 
year by the UC AS preSidents. The 
purpose of SBPC is to represent the 
views of UC students 10 the Regents of 
the University, the Administration, and 
the State Legislature as well as to 
promote cooperation between the 
respective student governments of each 
UC campus. 

SBPC is not a new organization , 
although most students are unaware of 
the existence of such a council . The UC 
student presidents met for the first time 
in 1966-67 to protest the tuition fees 
that Govemor Reagan was advocating. 
Meetings took place on and off for the 
next few years , and finaUy the Student 
Body Presidents' Council was formally 
established in 1969-70. However, after a 
few years of operation, the AS 
presidents became too busy with their 

own respecllve campuses 10 devote 
extra time to SBPC. The presidents' 
solution was to appoint representatives 
to serve on the council. 

The SBPC meets one weekend a 
month, each time at a different UC 
campus. Santa Cruz was the location of 
October's meeting. The council met in 
San Diego last August. 

The first day of meetings' the group 
breaks up into four committees 
(Administration and Finance. Academic 
Policy, Rights and Needs and Social 
Responsibility). Key people from the 
Administration speak to the students 
about specific issues and the 
committees meet and discuss these 
topiCS. They then list items that !hey 
want the entire council 10 take a stand 
on. In addition, those issues that were 
discussed in previous months may be 
voted upon . Voting usually takes place 

I'k<l.,,· IU I'll /(1 pug,' 10 

The Professio~al School 
.1"" Hllllltllll.,'" 11,,11,·, 

A Graduate School oj 
ProJessional Psychology 

Harold Grccnwald. Ph.D., President 
1/II' itt'~ ill'lllilit's Jl'lliIl lIlatun: prc1i'ssiol1als jor a rigorous, mnovative graduate program 

,feling M.A. ulla Ph.D. ckgrres ;'1 COUNSELING PSYCHOLOCY. Our graduates quatify 
Jor liansing ill thr Stlltl: oj Culifi,mia, Ix)th as PSYCHOLOCISTS and/or as Marriage, 
FamilY and Child TherapISts. 

A aistillgubhcd jilCUlty oj cxpt'rielmd psycholOgists offer classes specifically designed jor 
workmg pn1i·ssu)/lals. Classes are held in tn,' ewnings and on weekends throughout 
Califoillia (/Ild ·"..'cial !<mlluts halt' /!ern set up to OCCOllllllodatc ow-oI-state students. 
Reec:nt jal.'ulry It:eturl's have rndudcc/.lu(h rc:wgni;:l'd authontirs as Gcorge Bach, Albtrt 
EllIS, NClthallld Brandon, En· und Milia/11 PcJ/st"r Ilnd Zerna ~oreno. 

Fm JUllner I IIJI1Illlllticm filII orwntc to Tlte Prof~iO""1 School. 2425 San Diego Avt., 
51111 D't'gc1, ea 921 J 0, (6 J 9) 296-H 72. ( Lf(1I Illng u'l1tm lowtea throughout California). 



International Fireside 
Discussion of Life in the Soviet Union 

with Dr. Timothy- McDaniel, Sociology DepJ. 
Tuesday, November 8th at 7:30 pm 

Internships Available 
Get that extra work experience that will enhance your future 

employment opportunities and / or graduate school admissions. Do An 
Internsh ip! For more information contact the A.5.lntemship Office a1452-
4689 or come visi t us in the Student Crr. above the gameroom. 

Women in Political Science 
Let's get together to talk about ls~ues concerning us and the world around 

us! Wednesday, November 2 at 5 pm in the Women's Resource Center. 
Questions]?? Contact Political Science Dept at x3548 or 452-8268. 

Attention UCSD Skiers 
The Radically Inclined Ski Club is holding pre-ski workouts Thursdays at 

5 pm by the tennis backboards and basketbaU couns. Get ready for the 
Snowmass/Aspen trip! Wednesday, is "Wear Sunglasses, Support the Ski 
Club Day," keep them on and come 10. the Ski Club meeting - especially if 
you're coming on the Snowmass trip. We're having the representatives from 
Spons America and Snowmass there to tell and show you aU the fun we're 
going 10 have or the fun you'll miss if you don't go. Come to this meeting. 8 
pm in the Rec. Conference Room. 

To All Asian Pacific Students 
The Asian Pacific Student Alliance (APSA) is on a recruiting drive staning 

October 31 through November 11 . If you would like information about the 
organization or would like 10 be on our mailing list, please stop by our office 
in the Student Center, Room 105, and fill out an information sheet. If you 
have any questions. Please call 452-2048 and ask for Brad. See you all soon! 

Korean Bible Study 
We are staning a new Bible Study on campus with Pastor Keun-Young Yi 

of Unified Presbyterian Church of San Diego. Our first meeting will be on 
Tuesday, Nov. 1 at 7 pm at USB 3010 and it will be conducted in Korean . 
Everyone is welcome. 

Rockclimbing Workshop 
The UCSD Outing Club is holding a Rockclimbing Workshop on 

Tuesday, November 1 at 6:30 pm in the Rec. Gym Conference Room. Also 
they will be planning for a backpacking trip 10 the Anza Borrego Desen 
November 5-6 and other trips. 

W 
::J 
Z 
-I-
Z 
o 
CJ 

FOR 

Statewide Educational Rllhts Network's 
California Student Conference 

SATURDAY, NOV. 5 1983 
SAN FRANCISCO STATE UNIV. 

• Speakers .;JI.1axmt? Waters A_mblT"""'Ul (D) L .A. 
c .. / 1Ilen Ni5hio Stud_ Be .... _ cal ..... lDDg_1t 
Juan c....'7Wontem,.yor Mecha 

• Educational and O .... nlzlnl Worksbops-
- Sp«/ol Ad"flSSlOfIJ - Sol~1f Am""d,fli!nl 
• F'~s a1td Tullum 
• R~\."nut ,"'t'Q W ft '\ 
- E,hmc Stud,,·, 

- Gradual<' S,IAA'", 1,lJIlt's 
• "OIN R t'XlftrUf'j lll 
• .of fld \lmn \/",. ,' 

TJIl' Co"f~'tn£·t ."..1/1 (j 1\1J ",,,11"/ , aU lur I /ltItllllf , tu/. ' t'oll/. ' un/lnl fJm/, 'H n ,\ p r lll'!. I~."'.f 
For more mIn \,.', 111 • I· or J ill! .11 10& 15 1 MK;·1'"'''',l 

IIfGISTRATION 7-'1"m Fro ";1. 'lam Sal morn SHU S.uden, Union 

Vis. Art, Film and Video Artists. . . 
An for Alternative Spaces is sponsoring an Undergraduate Film and 

Video Show at the Pub December 1st! If you would like to have your work 
included in the show, pick up a "Show Information" form from BJ. Barclay, 
Visual Ans Depanment 2nd floor, Mandeville Center. Forms must be 
returned by November 11 at 4:30 pm for work to be eligible for this quaner's 
show. The actual film or video work will be due November 30 at 4:30 pm. 
Don 't Miss Out on this Opportunity!l! 

You worked long hours on your film and video projects, and they aren't 
doing you any good gathering dust on the shelf. Get some feedback! Pick up 
an application form from BJ. Now! 

We are also gathering applications for next quarter's alternative space 
shows. So all you painters, sculpters, photographers, performance anists. 
etc., go see Bj. for a "Show Information" form as well! There's space for 
everyone! 

Censorship in the Media 
The Censorship in the Media lecture series presents Karyl Geld Miller 

(Emmy winner and two nominations for Lily Tomlin specials; Mary Tyler 
Moore Show; Maude; and Love Sidney) on "Censorship in Television ." Also, 
Edmund Morris (Playwright, screenwriter and attorney. Walk on the Wild 
Side, Philco Playhouse, and Studio One) on "Censorship in Film and Theater." 
The lectures are Thursday, Nov. 3 at 7:30 pm in TLH 104 and are FREE! 

"Peace in the Mideast? How? When?" 
Tuesday, 5:30 in the Revelle fonnal Lounge 

Sponsored by the lsrael Action Committee 

HEALTHANO 
MENTALH 
IMPACT 
OF THE 
JANNOHM 
RELOCATIO 

.. 

........... 

.............. 

Sierra Club Meeting 
Come to the Friends of the Sierra Club Meeting for a differellt way of 

looking at the wilderness. Thursdays at 7 pm in the North Conference 
Room. 

I nter--Varsity 
Christian F"t"'owship 

7:30 

This week: -The Importance of Pr8Ver " 
Everyone i, welcome, I 

ASPEN. 
THERE'S 
ONLYONf. 
II. ~ one UJiIto 4 mountains. 
The on<! wilto blue skies and 

(mhpowder. 
The one wi'" \llclorlan charm 

and speclltc,,'" nighlJl(e. 
Irs rt. one """'l/DfIf! "",ies 

abooI. 
Irs irtcomp;Jrable. 
Irs a{1ordlt/Jlf!. 
Irs during Quarl..- Bn!.>k. 
Irs I\spf!n and Itoe ,.,11 Cal 

Winl<!r Camiwl. 
This is whal yoc..,1 find waIl-

ing /or 1;0<./ al /toe 11/1 Cal Win'er 
Cami",,": 

Free Party! with BudweIser 
Broomball 
Deluxe Accommodations 
Fr .. Races 
Free On· The·Mountam P,CntC 
Free Re(reshments on the Bus 
Ice 5c"lpluIf! Conlesl 
Free Dances Sponsor-ed by 

Budweiser 
SItdents from B UC Campuses 
FIf!e ~ .Jacuzzi Parties 
Prizes by: 

Nordica Boots/Hart SJcis 
Look Bind/ng5/Budweiser 

Don '1 forrIet. Aspen and /he 
,.,1/ C41 /lie noted noI only (or 
(/.VI. but also (or SXttNG. \bu ·tt 
h.JIJe S (,,1/ da!is. 

THE ONE liND ONLY /IlL 
CN. WINTER CAANlw.. 

ASPEN 
THERE'S ONLYONf. 

ASI'CN SKIING COMrANY 

The UCSD Radically Inclined Ski Club 
Tickets on sale at the Box Office until Nov. 18 
More information atthe Ski Club Office. x4038. 



SBPC 
continued from 7 
on the second, and last, day of 
meetings. 

suffenng from many problems recently. 
The lack of communication between 
meetings and the power plays within 
the group are two factors that have 
proved [0 be very detrimental to the 
success of the organization . 

The SBPC discusses important matters 
and comes up with positions 
representing the students. They then 
submit. their opinion both verbaUy and 
in writing to the Regents, who meet the 
follOwing weekend . As LInda Clark, the 
UCSD undergraduate representative to 
Ihe SBPC says, "Essentially we are the 
student voice , and we have very formal 
channels we have [0 go through." 

The counCil's most powerful innuence 

Linda Clarl! . UCSD 's undcr&raduale 
rcprescntalll'c 10 th e SBPC. 

IS the directing of the student lobby. 
The student lobby is a group of people, 
usually UC graduates with expenence in 
student government, who engage in 
promoting the students' interests 
through bills or bringing the attention of 
SBPC [0 certain issues. The council has 
the added power of hlTing and firing 
within the lobby. 

Unfortunately, the SBPC has been 

Each year the council eleCls a chair 
who offiCIates at the monthly meetings: 
The responsibiliry of hiS office and the 
power it exercises have sparked much 
dissent within. Vincent Gonzales, the 
SBPC graduate representative from 
UCSD, believes that these "political 
bickerings" have prevented this year's 
cou~,cil from "staning out on the right 
fool. 

Not only have internal problems 
caused strife , but clerical matters arc 
also provoking difficulties. Enormous 
amounts of printed material arrive in 
the representatives' hands no less than 
twO days before the meeting is 
scheduled . The council members are 
expected to absorb aU of the 
information and have their questions 
ready for the conference. Many 
members come to their commiuees 
unprepared and iU-informed because 
they were unable to peruse the material 
in the brief allotted time . As a result 
issues cannot be settled qUickly, and 
many people get frustrated . 

With aU of these problems, one may 
be prompted to ask how much gets 
done in the BPC. To begin with , the 
council votes only on those issues [0 be 
submitted to the Regents or Systemwide, 
an "academic senate" composed of aU 
fa uhy members and a few appointed 
students. However, in order [0 be voted 
upon , the [Opic must be "defined 
down ," which may lead to the core of 
the matter becoming nonexistent. In 
addition , once the issue has been vQ[ed 
upon and goes to the Regents or 
Systemwide, there is no guarantee that it 
will pass approval. "We're supposed [0 

NBI 
TECHNICAL CAREERS 

THAT GO WHERE 
YOU WANT TO GO! 

NBI is a fasl-growlng office aulomatlon company based In 
Boulder. Cotorado We are known inlernationally for our 
soph,shcaled word processing systems and we are now pro-
ceeding into many future aspecls of office systems. Current 
projects use the full range of siale-of-lhe-art micro'processors 
and we are developing such features as personal computing . 
graphiCS sySlems. high speed communicatIOns (including 
IEEE e0210cai area network).Iaser prlnler products. and more. 
I! you are Inclined toward micro systems HARDWARE devel-
opment In Ihe areas of SWitching power supplies. communica-
tions . high performance CPUs. graphics. controllers. memory 
management hardware. etc .. then you will be inlerested in NBI. 
I! you are a syslems SOFTWARE programmer. you will appre-
ciate working in areas like UNIX OS .ISO-OSI reference model 
implementations. high resolution programs and the full range 
of high level bUSiness and office appllcallons or low level 
diagnostics. 
1/ you wantto work in a fast-growing. compehtiveenvironment 
with opportunities for challenging prOjects and advancement. 
consider NBI in Boulder. Colorado. 

SIGN UP AT YOUR 
PLAce.ENT OFFiCe 

FOR OUR VISIT 
ON THURSDAY, 

NOVE.BER 3rd, 1883 
Equal OpPOftunltV Employer 

be the voice of the students, and we are 
to a certain extent, but I think we're 
rather inaffective ," says Clark. 

Interestingly, the SBPC had much 
more innuence in its early years as an 
organization than it does now. For 
example, during the late 60s many 
Regents were upset over the lack of 
constraint of student newspapers on the 
UC campuses. They attempted to 
restrict the school's freedom of the 
press. However, SBPC rallied against this 
action and successfuny prevented any 
action from being taken. Other issues 
the council dealt with in those years 
were the Vietnam War. Cambodia and 
Kent State . In contrast to the present. 

the SBPC took some progressive stands 
in those days. 

What has happened to spoil what 
could be a very valuable council? 
Obviously, there are no present-day 
issues as pressing as those in the 
sixties. More recently, the SBPC has 
been dealing with fee issues. the UC 
budget and UC investment policies. Yet 
these issues consume time and are not 
action items (to be voted upon). The 
·UC student voice" has not been 
making itself heard . If more students 
become aware of the SBPC, they can 
give the Council some positive mput on 
how to upgrade the UC system . 

u C eli p s !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
The Federal government has awarded 

UC Berkeley researchers S2.9 million to 
identify the risk factors that cause 
homosexual men to contract AIDS 
(acquired immune deficiency 
syndrome).Warren Winkelstein , Jr. , 
professor of epidemiology in the School 
of Public Health , said the study wiD 
recruit approximately 1,000 healthy 
homosexual men from San Francisco to 
determine what in their lifestyles 
prompts the disease. During the three 
year study Winkelstein expects 30-60 
men to develop the disease. 

• Four UC Berkeley professors have 
been awarded $60,000 grants by a new 
IBM Corporation program deSigned to 
encourage top young faculty members to 
continue universiry teaching and 
research in engineering antI computer 
science . Professors Brian Barsky, Nathan 
Cheung and Shakar Sastry, of the 
Depanment of Electrical Engineering 
and Computer Sciences, and Robeno 
Horowitz of the Depanment of 
Mechanical Engineering were among 50 
professors from 2S unive!'Sities to 
receive the grants. 

Also at uc Berkeley, under threat of 
an environmentalist's lawsuit, two UC 
Berkeley scientists decided recently not 
to rest gene-engineered microbes on 
plants in the open fields this fall. The 
experiment was scheduled to stan rwo 
weeks ago in a potato patch at Tule 
Lake in California, near the Oregon 
border. The experiment would have 
taken bacteria with altered genes and 
sprayed them on potatoes as they 
sprouted These altered bacteria were 
expected to give the potatoes resistance 
to frost damage down to 23 degrees 
fahrenheit. 

• UCLA's nursmg text, "Nursing Skills 
for Clinical Practice," has been adopted 
by the United States Army as the official 
manual for (raining an army nursing 
personnel. The Text was developed by 
UCLA Education Extension 's Allied 
Health Publications Division. W.B. 
Saunders Co. of Philadelphia is under 
contract with UCLA to publish the book. 
More than 705,000 copies of the text 
have been distributed, and it has been 
published in both French and Japanese. 

- Michael Panos 

Enjoy our cafe in Del Mar. 
Mention that you're a 

UCSD student and receive 
2 for 1 Cappuccino. 

Hours: 8 am to midnight 

C~f~& fSPRfSSO tUn~ 
215 15 sr. 'DEL M~ 181 toOl 

Improve Your Reading Speed and 
ComprehenSlOl1lrom 210 7 limes 

FREE INTRODUCTORY SESSIQNS 
CLASSES ON CAMPUS 
San Diego Center 
2180 Gamet Ave .. Suite 2D 
Pacific Beach 92109 
(619) 270-6110 
M.l. McNulty. IIdmlnistrator 

l~ CENTER 
TisT .... PIIoA"'I()NQIf(l41lSrS ~f: tOM 

Mew. 
WldcSannTV 

Featuring 

1M Rodeo is IoCMcd on the comer of La JoII 
VIN* Dr. , ...... La JoII Dr. For more 

InIOrmMlon CIII 4S7-5590. You must be 21 or 
older to emil' , pict .. c ID. Is rcqulrcd. 

Or.-codc. 

Cover Stoty 

Scheer energy spreads across campus' 
By CHRISTOPHER CANOLE 

5 heer Energy ... Sheer Energy, .. began the stocking advertistment running alongside an intervitw conducted 
by Los Angeles Times national reporter, 
and UCSD's 1983 Regents Lecturer, Robert 
Schur. 

Ironically this ad could also describe the 
encrgy Sc hur gives to his reporting and to 
last week's Regents Lecture Series, 
sponsored by the History Department. 

Suited for aU occassions, Schur Energy 
will nOl collapse under strain nor be 
susceptible to damage due to exposure to 
dangerous and difficult situations. Through 
Scheer's see-through intrrweavings, the final 
image highlights the person's innate 
Jeature~, nOl /0 jlaller or distort. Time 
honored by all ages and types, Scherr 
Energy is always available at outlets where 
you find quality items. 

"United States Could Survive [a Nuclear 
War) in Administration's View," was the 
headline ovcr the Los Angeles Times 
interview by Robert Scheer oj Thomas K. 
jones, Ronald Reagan's under secretary oj 
deJense Jor str-atcgic nuclear Jorces. One of 
jones' comments became the title for 
Scheer's book on the Reagan and Bush 
nuclear war policies, With Enough 
Shovels (now aWliia/lk at the UCSD 
Bookstore), and the main focus for his 
lectures and discussions here at UCSD, 
excerpts of which now follow. 

Very late one autumn night in 1981, 
Thomas K. Jones told me that the 
United States could fully recover from 

an all-out nuclear war with the Soviet 
Union in just two to four years. TK, as 
he prefers to be known, added that 
nuclear war was not nearly as 
devastating as we had been led to 
believe. He said, "If there are enough 
shovels to go around, everybody's going 
to make it." The shovels were for 
digging holes in the ground, which 
would be covered somehow or other 
with a couple of doors and with three 
feet of din thrown on top , thereby 
providing adequate fanout shelters for 
millions who had been evacuated from 
America's cities to the countryside. "It's 
the din that does II." he said. "The dirt 
reaDy is the thing that protects you from 
the blast as well as the radiation , if 
there's radiation . It protects you from 
the heal. You know, din is just great 
stuff .... Radioactive particles can attach 
to dust which sits there on top of the 
ground . If you go In with a hand shovel 
and clean off the top inch of din, 
mound it off somewhere out of the way, 
you've gotten rid of the radiation in that 
area ... . After about the first day I in the 
shelter!. you probably can go outside for 
saniiallon reasons and get more water." 

What is truly astonishing about my 
conversation with T.K. is not simply that 
one highly placed official in the Reagan 
Administration is so horribly innocent 
of the effects of nuclear war. More 
frightening is that T.K. Jones' views are 
all too typical of the thinking of those at 

the core of the Reagan Administration , 
as I have discovered through hundreds 
of hours of intervlcws with the men 
who are now running our government. 

It was the fall of Reagan's first year in 
office, and Charles Tyroler II, the 
director of the Commlttec on Present 
Danger, was boaSling a little. Five years 
ago he and a small band of cold 
wa rriors had set out to reshape 
American foreign policy, which they felt 
was too soft on the Russians, and 
suddenly they had succeeded beyond 
their wildest dreams. One member of 
their group was now the President of 
the United States. and he had recruited 
heavily from the Committee's ranks for 
his top foreign policy officials. 

Committee members were now 
ensconced as heads of the CIA, the 
Arms Control and Disarmament Agency, 
US Representative to the UN, Secretary. 
of the Navy, Secretary of State and « 
other major positiOns relating to nuclear 
armament and war strategies. 

The Comminee, whose viewpoint was 
perceived as a crack-pot fringe, went 
from maybe five percent of the thinking 
of the American strategic and foreign 
policy to the mainstream of the Reagan 
nuclear policies. The inner core of the 
Comminee and the neo-conservative 
circles that surround it are the 
disenchanted veterans of past liberal, 
Democratic administrations who feel 
that leftist zealots captured and 
distorted the Democrallc pany. What 
they did was to legillmize Reagan For 
he is an anachromsm. 

For most reporters, mcluding 
Republicans and conservatives. Reagan 
is out of the past At the present he has 
reversed the trend in the Nuclear Arms 
Policy towards armament and 
negotiation established during the past 
30 years. It is as if nothing had 
happened: no Vietnam War. no Cuban 
Missile Crasis, no detente. The Reagan 
Administration presents a world view 

that could have been stated in 1949 -
not of the Truman view, but of the 
extremist McCarthy rhetoric of a need 
for confrontation With the Soviets, the 
evtl empire . The Committee on the 
Present Danger gathered around Reagan 
and provided him with more 
sophisticated arguments about their 
belief that the Russians are coming to 
take over the US. And the analogy with 
Nazi Germany became the forefront of 
their policies. 

The Committee realized it would be 
very difficult to advocate large military 
expenditures, which compete with 
social programs and tax cuts, unless one 
had a devil. With the Nazis gone, the 
convenient enemy was the Soviet 
Union. It was an unattractive culture, a 
closed SOCiety, and it was repressive 
towards its citizens. 

The Reagan Administration is using 
this devil theory to reject the notion that 
nuclear weapons are unusable. Even if 
you believe the Soviets are like the Nazi 
Germans, even if you believe, as 
President Reagan told me, the Soviets 
are godless monsters, even if you think 
they are nothing less than the evil 
empire, whatever your v~w - the. fact 
is, even the Nazis would have given 
pause to the use of nuclear weapons in 
the face of a retaliatory anack. So even if 
you have a very stark view of the Soviet 
Union, aU you have to assume is that 
they are rational, that they care about 
preserving their power, that they care 
about the survival of their 
grandchildren. That is aD you need to 
say. They have a correct appreciation of 
what nuclear weapons can do. If not, aU 
they have to do is buy the US 
government's book on the effects of 
nuclear war. They know they must 
cunail their dreams, if those are their 
dreams, of world domination , whether 
they like it or not. 

The only way you can argue that the 
please IInrl to f'<I8l' Ii 



., Aquatic Center'~ Mission held at Bay 
By SHARON BANKO 

Walking across Revelle Plaza on a 
sunny afternoon, one might be a little 
surprised to run across a windsurfer 
grounded on the grass and a crew barge 
beached by the fountain. No, UCSD isn't 
building its own lake, it's already gO! 
something better, the Mission Bay 
AquatiC Center (MBAC). The equipment 
beached on our campus is a mere 
sampling from the superb facility 
available to all UCSD students. 

For those unaware of the Aquatic 
Center, it is the world's largest 
instructional waterfront facility , 
providing rentals and lessons in 
waterspons including kayaking, rowing, 
sailin8- scuba-diving, waterskiing, and 
windsurfing. 

The MBAC IS located , of course, on 
Mission Bay, at the south end of Santa 
Clara Point. It is an immense 24,000 
square foot redwood building which 
houses the equipment, a lounge area, 
reception office, classrooms, and locker 
rooms with showers. The building is 
situated on a half-acre of land, with a 
large grassy area and piCniC benches 
and ItS own sandy beaches on which to 
park your friend while you're off having 

summary of pan one: 
A """Her drop Jell Jrom Ihc shy and landed 011 
you. The drop Ihell lIIade Its way inlO a fast 
11100011lg streal11 of ram water, which earned it 
11110 the sewers. Ajtertrave/lingfora timc the 
stream spilled OUI onto the beach al the 
ocean. Once realczing this, the drop dwdes 
10 rish being evaporated and goes to the top 
of the stream to enjoy the beauty of the ocean 
before e,Henng it. 

I pushed my weight against the surface 
tension and popped right through . 

There in front of me. not more than a 
football field away, lay her majestic body. 
Brown-green water stretched for miles 
on end . both left Jnd right. before 
dlSJppearing into the mist)' hOrizon . The 
\\;nd whipped up countless froth ), 
white-caps thi1! danced Into th r 
dlswnce. 

Closer tn . !-JIg W.1\IC, relentlessl), 
bu[[cred the be,,Kh. These w,lIe!)' walls 
steadily rose until therr tmnslucent peak, 

I Want To 
Style Cut 
Your Hair 

$9.95 
Regularly 

$22 II'UIIII!II 
$17 /lieu 

Incluths shampoo, 
condition, & haircut. 

(lJluU'·dry exira) 
HaircuLLing by Nome 

at 
t.:()~U~C; 4 TTIJ44.-Tl() /lIti~~1iI 

4.{j7-~~CJ~ 
across from UCSD 

near t he ~odeo 
Off'!': t.r/lir,. .• / 1/618,'J 

fu~ in the sun. The tenter is funded by 
the PE Depatment of UCSD, the 
Associated Students of SDSU, and the 
minimal fees charged to students for the 
classes in which they enroll. Tl!e 
Aquatic Center is not open to the 
general public, so you don't have to 
worry about tourists or little kids. It's use 
is reserved exclUSively for the students, 
staff, faculty, alumni , and guests of all 
San Diego colleges and universities. 

If you've ever felt the wind and water 
spray on your face as you glide across 
the wake of a ski-boat or the incredible 
feeling of playing with a sea lion in a 
sea of kelp trees, you will understand 
why water sports are so popular here in 
San Diego. The natives, in particular, 
tend to forget to take advantage of the 
excellent climate and location. La Jolla 
Cove, considered one of the most 
beautiful locanons on the California 
coast, lures scuba divers from aU over. 
What better way to spend a Saturday or 
Sunday than exploring an underwater 
Disneyland. But don't forget to bring a 
buddy - divers always travel in pairs. 
For the more timid, the Aquatic Center 
has its own chunk of the bay on which 

--Tom Scrum--

Death 
of a 

drop 
curled and toppled forward . Each wave 
clapped hard against the sandy shore, 
which trembled at every blow. 

A sharp breeze zipped overhead; I 
drew back shghtly into the water. In all 
the excitement, ) had forgotten the 
obvious danger of being whisked right 
out of the stream. I turned to submerge , 
but before I could bury my~lf any deeper 
in the current, tragedy struck. 

My Iiale form smashed mercilessly 
againsr a knotty piece of driftwood 
jumng up rhrough the now of water. The 
impact splashed me up out of the stream 

. and high Into the air. My molecules 
shuJdered as the Wind blew all around 
me. G rea t1}' weakened by the collision. I 
kne\\ m}' unscheduled flight would not 
last long. 

Time slowed .15 ) Ill'\\' . • 1110\\,Ing me to 
rellen on m)' tumultuous hie th.1! seemed 
.It thilt POll1t to be no more than.1 dre.un 
Why had fate brought me here? Why was 

.. 

to practice. That way the beginning 
windsurfer or kayaker doesn't have to 
worry about being mowed down by the 
weekend sailor. 

Scott Kavieff is a staff member of the 
MBAC and a waterskiing instructor. He's 

) so foohsh to swim to the top of the 
stream? Why didn't I see that stick? 
There were no answers. All the things I 
loved as a water drop would soon be 
gone . 

Tears of self-pity began to now as my 
agitated insides rumbled for the laSt time 
and I burst. 

There was no pain or screams of 
terror, just a barely audible "popl" 
followed by an even gentler hiss. Within 
seconds my body had exranded 
thousands of times its norma size . I 
could see my molecules whiZZIng Wildly 
through space. It didn't really bother me, 
though. In fact , I felt wonderfuUy light 
and pleasantly unattached to those 
weighty panicles. 

Up and up I floated. Once above the 
clouds the air became clearer, less 
c1uuered. My own molecules had 
wandered so far from one another that 
they no longer deserved to be called 
"mine." They were on their own. 

The funny thing was, as my stufT fell 
away I became increasingly energetic. 
The less I had, the more vitality I seemed 
to hold . Life pulsed from me as never 
before . The stars shone brilhantly, and I 
beamed with them. 

The ever-darkening sky turned black 
.IS I passed through the outermost larer 
of the eanh's atmosphere . beyond the 
point \\ here anr water molecules could 
pOSSibly survive. Therc was nl) \\'a)' to go 
higher. The drop thai dropped simply 
melted into it all and bec.lIne you. 

UCSD Events Office presents 

plus: Selected Shorts 

November 11, Friday, 8 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium, $2.00 

UCSP Box Office: 452-4559 

the tanned, blond guy who looks like he 
just stepped ow of Surfer magaZine, and 
can be seen on campus handing out 
information and answering students' 
questions about the center. He stresses 
the high quality of equipment and 
instruction the UCSD student receives. 
"For an example, take a course in 
waterskiing at $39. It would mclude 3-
hour lessons once a week for four 
weeks. If you wanted to break that 
down, you pay ten dollars for three 
hours, or $3 to ski once an hour. There 
is no other place around that 
compares." One hopes that all the 
instructors and staff at the MBAC are as 
enthusiastic as Scott. 

The instructors at the Aquatic Center 
are UCSD and SDSU student and 
graduates who have gone through 
rigorous and intense training. Kavieff 
explaIns, "Before you become staff, 
you're an assistant here for at least a • 
year, helping out and becoming familiar 
with the center. All instructors are 
cenified in Adventure Afloat, a 
California boating requirement, first aid, 
CPR, and advanced lifesaving." It is 
hoped you won't need to taKe advantage 
of these services, but they're there if you 
need them. 

There are classes at the MBAC for 
everyone, from the beginning-beginner 
to the advanced, as well as the 
physically disabled. The only 
requirement is that the student must be 
"water-safe" (i.e , able to swim and tread 
water). As for the unambitious, give it a 
try anway. Kavieff claims, "If you can 
stand up you {'an skI. Anyone who 
wants to learn anythmg, our instruCtOrs 
arc there." 

As for the intenSity of the tmlnlng, It'S 
up to the individual. "A lot of people 
just w'ant to come out 'lOd drink some 
beers and ski .1 while, and that' nne 

I~"II"" 1111" I,) 1~I~l' H 

COUNcu. TRAVEL 
BUDGET AIRFARES 

San Frand8co 
HOUlton 
New York 
London 
DuIIeldOl1 
Copenhagen 
Stockholm 

$39ow/$78rt 
$115ow/$23Ort 
$ 1 950w/$299rt 
$329ow/$608rt 
$34Oow/$589rt 
$36Oow/$595rt 
$4 1 Oow/$6S5rt 

Hong Kong $435ow/$699rt 
Hong Kong $365ow/$685rt 
Auctlcmd $53Oow/$106Orl 
Sydney $606ow/$121Ort 
Taipei $3S5ow/$6S5rt 
Tokyo $465ow/$639rt 
BcmQtok $459ow/$869rt 

Contact 
ClEE/CoUDdl Tza •• l 
Second Floor, Student Center 

452-0630 

Travelling. through-memories of abroa~ 
By NOELLE RUDOLPH 

The clouds hung funny in the 
nonhern sky. Glassy blue shadows 
drifted in the night air. The icy blueness 
was as piercing as the growing evening 
blackness. It was a IIlllt: fJ<t"" .J all .. I 
Iaycd there on my back and watched 
the sun rising in the sky until it was 
morning and the night blue washed 
away. In the late afternoon the wind 
would blow the aspens. They were thin 
and nexible, bending under the weight 
of the winter snow. 

I sank below the willow bushes. 
Everythmg was quiet. Just the rusdmg 

leaves brushing against one another. 
When I was still, I could hear the icy 
douds moving. And the crickets. The 
insect sounds were as loud as leaves. 

The humidity clung to everything. Old 
ladies sat on cold rock benches fanning 
their soft dough faces. Small, cold sweat 
dripped down my back. Everything was 
sticky: the backs of my knees, berween 
my fingers. The cement walls in the 
stations oozed gray-black as my train 
reached Its destination . BeSide push • 
cans little ltahan vendors sold their 
white , pasty bread. 

Screeching smoke, the train groaned 
to a stop. The smoke streamed to the 
ceiling of the station; it was domed, like 
a plane hanger missing a wall on one 
end. 

Everyone thronged to the car stairs, 
fighting with suitcases and grocery bags 
to the front of the crowd. I picked my 
way down the three-foot-wide hall , 
through the lines of backpacks and kids 
lying on the noor. There were rwo or 
three guys who had stretched their legs 
across the aisle; they didn't move for 
anyone. Turning sidew"ys, I held my 
breath and squeezed past. They JUSt 
stood there grinning at me struggling 
like a floppIng fish. 

The dim light hummed . The window 
glass was winter cold against my right 
side. I was sleeping on the heaters 
underneath the huge windows that 
looked across the frosted , empty parking 
lor. Out in the crystal blue-black air, the 
airport lights nickered yellow. 

Warmly grinding, the escalators 
buzzed. The sounds of floor polishers 
and Italian SInging drifted up the 
escalators. The hall was warm with the 
sounds of six or seven sleeping people. 
The airport wouldn't be open for 
anorher two hours. 

The metal grate of the heater pressed 
little squares underneath my arm. I was 
warm and sleepy inside. I was going 
home today. Perhaps tomorrow 
everything will seem like a dream, aU 
warm and sleepy inside. 

If you have cons~jered travelling or 

studying abroad, there are several 
alternatives available on campus. The 
Education Abroad Program (EAP) office 
located in the International Center and 
the Council on International Educational 
Exchange (ClEE) student travel ticket 
olTice, situated on the second noor of 
the Student Center above the pool tables 
(6-023), offer extensive information and 
assistance. 

Visit the ClEE office. The staff is well 
qualified and up to date However, they 
stress that the faCility is nor a "hand-
holding" agency. They want students to 
avidly participate in planning their trips. 

There are [WO major ways to arrange a 
trip: through a travel bureau or through 
mdividual agencies themselves e.g .. 
Hertz, International Youth Hostel, World 
Airways). It is worth the dfort to 
research the expense of both. "Package" 
tripS arranged through a travel agent can 
include anything from a guided group 
tour to merely transportation and 
accomodation arrangements. For those 
who prefer to make individual 
arrangements, their travel agent can 
book nights, lodging and transportation. 
I f the agent does nor offer such facilities 
they can often give adVice as to where 
one can find such services. The ClEE 
on campus offers all of the above, . 
including the International Student 
Identification Card (lSIC). 

Ca~o~-----------------------------------------~roiu 

At present the campus extension can 
only access Canadian information and 
bookings through their New York 
branch . (The ClEE additionally serves 
the United States. However, they are 
unable to arrange tickets with 
Greyhound and Amtrack. They do, 
though , carry current time schedules.) 

SOFT CONTACT LENSES 

"'QUDIS: 

in 
mostcasa 

Contact lenses, ecamlnatlon, 
petient training, follow up, 
chemical care kit and fitting. 
EXIIHDED WEAR LENSES 
ONLY $165.00 

THE CLASSICAL EYE 
DR. ROIERT HEll F. OI'I'OMFTIIST 

La Jolla Village Square 
(Inside the Mall; Lower Level) 

86S 7 Villa La Jolla Drive • Suite 136 
451-7374 

If you are;nrcrcstcd in studying - .---- - -
abroad, opponunities are offered 
through both the EAP and the ClEE. 
The difference be[Ween the types of 
programs available is the hosting 
organization. Work studies are offered 
through ClEE. 

The EAP locates UC students at one 
of the twenty-two UC sister campuses in 
foreign countries. To apply for the 
program for next year one must be in 
junior standing by the end of the spring 
quarter, possess a 3.0 GPA and complete 
the language reqUirement. Two faculty 
recommendations are. reqUired in 
addition to your application. 

Working abroad is an alternative to 
studying. Before one can become 
employed in a foreign country, one must 
obtain a work visa. Work visas are 
almost impossible to get without prior 
confirmed employment. However, 
through the ClEE work visas are 
available without employment. 
International employment agenCies 
afiliated with the ClEE are stationed in 
many foreign countries. They post 
current job openings for students with 
work visas. 

Learn to Meditate 
Members of the Sri Ch~nmoy Peace 

Meditations at the United Nations offer a FREE 
four week course in meditation. Loom to 
improve your concentration and use your 
dynamic energy for peak performance in 
academics and athletics. Use meditation to 
explore the peace, richness, and beauty of 
life and to directly experience the nature 
of Truth. 

Wednesdays (begins Nov. 2) 
4:00 p.m. 
USB4020B 

Light refreshments 
sponsored by the UCSD Sri Chi,nmoy Running Club 

452-2002 



Mission Bay 
Aquatic Center ... 
continued from 12 
too," Kavieff says. But for the o,lhers who 
pursue their sportS seriously, wanting !O 
rrtaster some trickier techniques on a 
windsurfer or Hobie·cat, aU Ihe anention 
they need is readily available. 

The Mission Bay Aquatic Center is 
open seven days a week, essentially 
whenever the sun shines, Classes are 
held at a variety of times, so a student 
can choose one or twO that won't 
interfere with his or her schedule. Then 
again , if you need a good excuse to 
miss that chem. section, .. Many classes 
meet tWice a week, on Saturdays and 
Sundays,if weekday lessons are 
unschedulable. Class sizes vary, from the 
larger introductory classes of 20 with 
several insrructors, down to the smaDer 
advanced classes of ten or so. 

If you're not ready to hit the water 
yet, the MBAC olTers another program 
which will interest a rrtajority of UCSD 
students. In the past, the only means of 
communication the center has had with 
the stlidenrs has been the sign-up table 

sct up on Revelle Plaza, This year they 
have formed a group of 15 
representative students who will serve as 
an important link between the student 
body and the center. Their function will 
be to arrange non-instructional 
"contracts," so a group such as a dorm, 
club , or fraternity/ sorority can come 
down and rent the faciliry, The group 
can contract out any of the equipment 
offered for a couple of hours or the 
whole day. In addition , the MBAC can 
set up a volleybaD nel, a sound system, 
and even a barbecue for a picnic. "Muir 
Day at the Bay' was a sucessful example 
of this new program, and they look 
forward to more festivities in the future . 

Now is the perfect time to sign up. 
Fall session III classes begin the week of 
November 5th. If you hurry down to 
register by November 3rd, you can catch 
their "Halloween Spook Special: 55 01T 
aU instructional fees. Anyone interested 
in the Mission Bay Aquatic Center is 
welcome to stop by anytime or may caD 
for further information at 488-1036. 

Scheer ... 
continued from 11 
Sovlers SIIII rctam (hIS ambition In 
regards to foreIgn policy IS to argue (hat 
nuclear weapons are useful. Nobody I 
talked to in this administralion who 
proposed a winable nuclear war, when 
asked, "Do you think Ihat kind of talk 
frightens the Russians?" thought our talk 
might frighten them, They do a double 
take on the Russians, On one hand the 
Russians are thought to be godless 
monsters while on the other hand they 
are thought to be supremely rational , 
And so the Russians will not 
misunderstand Committee members like 
TK Jones and statements by George 
Bush while he was the head of the CIA, 

Until 1976, the CIA did not belie~ 
that the Soviets were militarily superior 
to the United States or were aiming at 
nuclear superiority, Nor did agency 
analysts belie~ that the Soviet 
leadership expected to survive and win 
a nuclear war, Then George Bush 
became head of the CIA. and the 
professionals at the agency were told to 
think otherwise, 

Bush took the unprecedented step of 
allowing a hawkish group of outsiders to 
chaDenge the OA's own inteDigence 
estimates of Soviet strength , In a break 

THE MILLER BREWING COMPANY 
PRESENTS ..• 

A multi-image presentation of the marketing and advertising strategies that have catapulted 
Miller Brewing Company from seventh place in the beer industry to second place today, This 
entertaining program IS free and open to the public, 
Date: TUI.day, Nov.1,1983 Presented by: Economics and 
Time: 7:30 p.m. Management ScIence 
LocaHon: Humanltl •• Ubrary student AllOCIaHon 

(HL) 1438 (E.M.S.sA.) 
1982 Miller Brewing Company, Milwaukee, WisconSin 

with Ihe .Igen<:y's standards 01 secrecy, 
Bush grantcd thiS group access to the 
mosl sensllive data on Soviet military 
strenglh, Never before had outside 
crilics of government polley, known as 
leam B, been given such access 10 the 
dala underlying that policy, Bush did 
nor extend Similar privileges to dovish 
critics of prevailing policy, 

Team B was hand picked by Bush, 
and as noted by the New York Times, a 
"pessimistic" view of Soviets was a 
prerequisite for inclusion on the team. 
The committee's chairman was Harvard 
Professor Richard Pipes, a Polish 
immigranr and a notorious anti-Soviet 
hardliner, Team B rewrote CIA records, 
concluding that the Soviets ~re 
engaged in a rrtassive military build-up; 
that the Soviets' civil defense program 
made credible their expecbltion of 
surviving a nuclear war with the United 
Sbltes, 

Pipes announced that the Soviets 
would ha~ to choose between 
peacefully changin~ their system of 

lJ>~rnment or IJ> to war. 
Robtrt SchUT'S Rcgtnts LtCIUTt Suits 

concluded Friday. but his book and 
rtportin8 wilh Iht Los Angeles Times WJ 
on, 

PRO-TYPE 
454-6860 

Word Procesa1ng. Typing. 
EcUt1na. TrcmscI1b1ng 

Fast. friendlY. protesslonal selVlCe, 
Using the IBM Selectric III and 

T05hlba Word Procesor 
LOW STUDENT RATES 
• Tmm ~ • Tabular PIojecIa 
• Major PaI*I • MS DIab • f'IDaII 
.on- .a.u-
• ~ • c-a 8Iadr 
ONE DAY SERVICE 
(With advance reservations) 
ON PROJEcrs OF 10 PAGES OR LESS 

Close to C<nnpuIII 
737 PEAJrL ST., STE 201 

LA. JOLLA. 92037 

AC~OSS 
1 [SAl 
2 GMAI 
3 GRF. 
4 "'CAl 
5 1lAI 
• ",.1 
7 PCAI 
• ()~AI 

9 VAl 
10 'Offl 
11 "~AI 
12 P~.I 
13 'AI 
14 ~l 1 
15 "',"P 

OOWll 
1 NMB 
2 Vfl£ 
3 £CfMC, 
4 H£X 
5 NOB 
, NPB I 
7 Nr.B I 
• «;1 N', 

Son DIego Center 

• GR£ PSYCH 
11 CRE BID 
11 AcHIEVEM£NIS 
12 NuA~ING ~os 
13 CPA 
14 SPHO Rf AOI~I, 
15 ESI REVIEW 
1I INTRO 10 

l AW ~rH(KH 

2180 Gamet Ave .. Suite 20 
Pacific Beach 92109 
(6f') 27O-61fO 
ML McNuHy, Administrator 

kinko's (OpiClS 
• Bmdlfllt • J.r)'dln(~ 

• PI'UIX'~ Photos 
68~\ \,111,' W )011" Drtv~ 

Tritons skin Leopards 
in "The Rematch" 
By JEFF SCHAPIRO 

O ne of the most enjoyable things in spons is watching a great rivalry. USC and Notre Dame, 
the Yankees and the Red Sox. And now 
possibly in women's vollcybal there Is 
UCSD a~d La Verne. Saturday the two 
tearns met at the site of the 1982 NCAA 
Division U\ National Championships, 
Triton Pavilion. It was billed as "The 
Rematch," and again the defending 
champs were feDed , But this time La 
Veme reigned as champions, 

The number one ranked (in Division 
Ill) Tritons got revenge in sweeping the 
three games. It seemed to be the dream 
match-up. Last year's finalists had met 
earlier in the year for the fi TSt "rematch' 
and battled in a close one that saw the 
Tritons win it 15-13, 14-16, 16-14 and 
16-1 { TrilOn coach Doug Dannevik 
admits that there is a rivalry, but it is a 
friendly one, Dannevik is a friend of La 
Veme coed! Jim PMchal, as both 
worked together at a summer volleybaD 
camp, Though there is a rivalry, 
Dannevik doesn't like to battle the 
opposing coach; he prefers "to let the 
teams play it 0llt." And that's what he 
did, Both tearns were pumped up and 
backed by a smaD but zealous crowd. 
This match had all the mgredients for a 
close and exciting ban game, The match 
staTted out that way, with the serve 
changing sides seven times before the 
first point was scored. That point 
belonged to the Tritons, and with that 
along with six out of the next seven 
points the Tritons had a 7 -1 lead and 
were threatening to run away with the 
game, UCSD had its biggest lead at 12-5 
when La Verne started a comeback. led 
by team captain Laura Agronza, they 
scored en of the next nine points to 
cut the Triton lead ro rwo at 14·12. After 
missing on two game point chances, the 
Tritons regrouped and took the game 
15-12. Game two was a bit tighter. The 
lead changed hands six times and was 
tied late In the pme four times at 8, 9, 
10, and 11. T~ final time the lead 
changed hands was in the Tritons' 
favor, With La Verne leading 11-10, 
UCSD came alive. Triggered by a 
powerful Karin Kalk spike, the Tritons 

gained the momentum and rolled out 
five unanswered points to win the game 
15- L l. 

One thmg thaI showed up m those 
last five pomts was teamwork. And it is 
just that , teamwork, that is becommg a 
lrademark of thIS year's team, The loss 
of Tammy Smit, I.ast year's leader in 
Virtually every statistical category, has 
forced the other leam members to pIck 
up the slack. "The loss of Tammy has 
rrtade the team stronger: says coach 
Dannevik "Last year when the chips 
were down we could always go to 
Tammy; we looked 'to her. Without her 
we are more of a team ." The loss has 
given more responSIbility to Molly 
Wheatley, Debbie Doran , Kristin 
Kilbourn and Karin Kalk, who all have 
shown that they can handle il WIth all 
this in addition to the on-court 
leadershIp of team captain and 
prteftllial All-American Lulu Schwartz, 
the team has proven worthy of its 
number one ranking. 

The teamwork displa~d at the end of 
game two shone throughout game three. 
The Tritons seemed to score at wm and 
stifled a frustrated La Verne's every 
attempt ro get back in the match. The 
Triton dominance was summed up 
when a Kristin Kilbourn serve was 
apparently "headed" over the backline, 
And it was, as La Verne's Shauna 
Heinrichs ducked to get out of the way, 
and the ball bounced off her head, 
giving the Tritons the point. By then the 
only thing left to be determined was the 
final score, which wound up 15-4. 

One more thing that added to the 
impressiveness of the victory was that it 
was done without the aid of defensive ' 
specialist Trish Hanley and the "twin 
connection ," sener Lisa and blocker Lori 
Lunhow.· . 

Before Friday's game at Occidental 
the Tritons will see action Wednesday 
night against crosstown rival and 
Divisioll I member USIU in Triton 
Pavilion at 7:30 pm. The twO teams met 
at the beginning of the SlCason in the 
San Diego Classic, and USIU won the 
match m five close ~mes. 

r---------------------------------~ 
I THE TOGOtT CUP ]I : 

N~Kt to BIM lkar Markd &. 'J'h., Post ()(fl", in University City, eom." ofQoy"rnor Dr. &. Rt1l"nlS RJ I 

Ch<l.:<lI;l~AVORS: R;lsp~rry ONE FREE TOPPING : 
B<.lys~nh~rry Pr:llin~'N'Cr~i1m I 
<"''hucula£<: MinI Vaml'" j UTe I 
Ll'mlln Strawhcrry.:hl'l'S,:.:"h t... 19/W1'" I Straw~rry Mocha ~ ~ I 
Pumpkin P~'mut Butt~'f ~ I 
Cownut Blu,,~rrYl'hl"t:s,:cah I 
Call us for daily flavors: 4S7 -2339 t: :,,' Uo",'"ltIt Dr : 

I THIS COUPON GOOD FOR ONE FREE SMALL TOPPING I 
I WITH THE PURCHASE OF ANY YOGURT I 
I Expires No". II: 198). Only 2'n Miks Away! One Coupon per Cunomer I 
: O,,<,n Mon-Thu 10:30"m-9:3O"I11, Fri-Sat 10:3O"m- 10:OOp01, SIIn II :OOdm-9:00pm : 
• We ',.., nuW "':":rtlnl: "prlic,ltioflS Ir"01 UCSO Srudt'nrs - • 

.---------------------------------~ 
~UTO SALES 

693-1165 or 698-3736 
Ask for Joe 



. Water polo suffering from schizophrenia 
By ROBERT GEYER 

This past weekend the UCSD water 
polo team played CSU Los Angeles and 
UClA. They desrroyed Division III 
CSULA 30-3 on Friday and lost to the 
Division I fourth ranked Bruins 15-4 on 
Saturday. 

The CSULA game was a mere shoot-
a-thon for an enthusiastic Triton team. 
Everybody played, and everybody 
scored. They seemed to be enjoying 
themselves thoroughly. Unfortunately, 
the UCLA game was quite a different 
scenario. 

As in most of the orher Division I 
games UCSD has played this season, 
they couldn't manage to perform weD for 
four q~rters. The Bruins and the 
T ri[Ons battled fiercely through the first 
quarter and into the second, when a 
critical moment came for San Diego. 
With the TritOns up by a goal, an 
exceUent scoring opportunity presented 
itself, but a missed shot and subsequent 
blazing counterattack by the Bruins 

brought the score back even when 
UCSD could have boosted its lead [0 
two. At the half it was UClA 6, UCSD 4. 
In the second half UCLA completely 
out-swam the Tritons. By shutting them 
out while scoring nine goals for 
themselves, the Bruins turned what was 
once a close game into a 15-4 rout. 

If any two games this season are 
indicative of the predicament of UCSD 
water polo, these are . Division U\ teams 
are hardly worth playing, while [Op 
Di vision I teams deCin itely haw the 
strength, consistency and experience to 
soundly beat the Tritons. 

What do orher Division I teams think 
of UCSD? UCLA's head coach Bob 
Hom , a man who has been involved 
with college water polo since the 19605. 
was very positive towards UCSD's team. 
He sees UCSD's chances for qualifying 
for the NCAA's (Division I 
championships) somewhere in the near 
future as being exceDent. "Denny Harper 

The Scene of the Rec 
The first annual FaD Festival on the 

Green, known as FFOG, was turned into 
FAG, as October 7 turned out to be a 
rainy Friday. However, a great time was 
had by aU with the jazz ensemble 
pleasing the 'crowds, the 99¢ Mexican 
lunch selling Out, and the Siers Bros. 
cranking some great TG tunes. 

The FFOG Triathlon held on 
Saturday, October 8 came off without a 
hitch as 40 participants braved the early 
morning waters of the new pool to swim 
800 meters, bike 15 miles and run four 
miles to complete this challenging race. 
Taking top honors in the men's division 
was Erik Schmidt, fi nishing with a 
1:18:08 , followed by Paul Anderson, 
1:24:46 , and Brian Nelson, 1:25:24. 
Breaking the tape firs t for the women 
was Joe Brewer, fin ishing at 1:32:33, 
followed by Pam Maher, 1:33:55, and 
Raquel Priequez, 1:43:01. 

On Wed nesday, November 2 the 
UCSD Snow Ski Club will have a 
meeti ng at 8 pm in the Rec Conference 
Room which will fea ture representatives 
from Aspen Mountain , who will answer 
any Snowmass questions and treat 

With the Latest Education 
from Sasson, Sebasti~n, & 

Toni & Guy .. , 
let Us Design 

A Style For 
YOUI 

Ask for 
Michael. Mario or Julie 
Because your generous patronage has been 
appreciated. we hove mode our First Time 
Customers Only rote apply to ali UC studentsl 
UCSD STUDENT RATE: 
Women ... $15.00 (Reg. $25,00) 
Men ... .... $12.00 (Reg. 520.00) 

everyone to an Aspen film. Tickets are 
on sale now for the 30th All-Cal Winter 
Carnival to Snowmass featuring a ski 
package that can't be beat: $295 for 
roundtrip bus transportation, five night 
accommodations in deluxe condos, five 
day lift tickets, shuttle service and 
numerous parties, dances and other 
gratuities. Drop by the Rec Club Office 
for further details. 

On Tuesday, November 1 the Outing 
Club will meet at 6:30 pm in the Rec 
Conference Room for a rock-climbing 
workshop in addition to discussing 
plans for trips in the great outdoors. 
Everyone is welcome. 

The newly formed UCSD Pep Band 
practices Tuesdays from 6-8 pm in 
Mandeville 125. Anyone interested in 
playmg for intercoUegiate games and 
special events is welcome to stOp by 
and find out more about the Pep Band. 
Instruments gready needed are Erumpets, 
clarinets and a bass guitar. For further 
mformation call Laurel at 452-4037. 

If you like to cycle and want some 
pals to pedal with , join the UCSD 
Bicycle Club 6n thei r next rid e, 

Call for 
Appointment 

3251 Holiday Court 
SUite 201 

(Above St. Germaine's) 

IUCSD's coachl has been doing a great 
Job of building a program out here. In 
the spon of water polo, divisions, 
money and scholarships do nor make 
that much of a difference as in orher 
spons." Howewr, he acknowledged that 
facilities do. "Denny couldn't recruit 
when he was out at Miramar I in the 
pasr the Tritons were forced to use 
Miramar NAS's 50 meter pooIl. Now look 
at this Ithe new faciliry); freshmen will 
reaDy be impressed. I have three players 
from San Diego, and I don't know if 
they would have come to UCU if they 
knew that UCSD had such a facility: 
Hom knows the difficulties of 
commuting to an off-campus pool, 
because his team is doingjust that while 
the regular Bruin pool is refurbished fOI 
d;le Olympics. 

Once UCLA staned scoring, "It was 
like the boy who took his finger oUl: of 
the dike," said Hom. The Bruins took 

- control, and the Tri,ons couldn't 

Saturday, November 5 leaving from the 
gym sreps at 9 am. The group wiD 
probably head up Del Mar way for a 
shon but pleasant trip. Plans are 
underway now for a longer touring trip 
over the holidays. For more information 
caU Patti Brown at 453-1960. 

Any women interested in playing 
soccer should meet Thursdays at 5 pm 
on Third Field, where a group of 
women soccer enthusiasrs scrimmage 
with the hopes of forming a team to 
play in a local San Diego league. 
Women of aD levels of abiliry are 
encouraged to come out and kick some 
grass. 

On Saturday, November 5 the Rec 
Club Office and AMF Voit bring you a 
disc golf tournament using the 18 hole 
Koala Course that snakes around Muir 
and Revelle campuses. Featuring twO 
aerial holes, this course is a fun 
introduction to disc golfing. The 
tournament is free with sign-ups being 
taken now at Campus Recreation. 
Participants will meet at 9 am in front of 
the gym steps on Saturday. Top 
finishers will win AMF Voit golf discs. 

If terrestrial life is getting you down, 
wh y not submerge yourself into the 
wondrous world under water. The Scuba 
Club explores the. underwater world 
with an extensive diving calendar that 
would keep a sea urchin busy. The 
Scuba Club meets the second 

generate enough force to stop them. 
To Harper, the game was like many 

others, with the Tritons getting off to a 
good sran but nor having enough 
tenaciry to fight to the finish. He is 
depressed to see his team 10se but nor 
discouraged, because he sees his tea.m 
as a two year project. They are gaining 
experience now for the big push in 1M 
to maier the NCAA's. 11 is easy to talk 
positively of the future when one is in 
the present, ~t Harper's plan seems to 
haw a ring of truth, for when Hom 
jokingly said he didn't want to play the 
Tritons at UCSD next year from fear of 
leaving with a loss, one begins to 
wonder what Harper has up his sleeve. 

UCSD's next h9me g;arM IS 
Wednesday at 3 pm against a strong 
CSU FuDerton squad. Then the Tritons 
hit the road for two tough pmes against 
USC on Saturday and CSU Long Beach 
on Sunday. 

Wednesday of each month at 8 pm in 
the Rec Conference Room to discuss 
upcoming trips, share slides, present 
special lectures and much more. To 
learn more about the Scuba Club drop 
by the Scuba Offi~ on the bottom level 
of the Main Gym. 

If you feet like climbing the waDs, 
drop by Canyon View Aquatic and 
RacquerbaU Center on Monday nights 
from 8-11 pm and join racquerbaD 
players of all levels In this fast, 
exhilarating. four-waDed game. The club 
sets up challenge couns, is staning a 
ladder and will stage a doubles 
tournament on November 5 at 9 am. 
OroI' by Monday nights and get 
invOlved in racquetbaU. 

Granted it's tough to Juggle school, 
work, fun, tt al. But, u's nor tOO tough to 
juggle if you drop by the West Balcony 
from 8:30-10 pm on Monday and 
Wednesday. That's when the UCSD 
Juggling dub meets to teach aspinng 
jugglers and work on juggling skiDs and 
acts. Everyone is welcome to drop by. 

On Wednesday, November 16 the Rec 
Clubs will present another edition of 
Wednesday night games at the Pub, 
featunng a conte~ of "301" dans. Drop 
by the Pub at 6 pm and try sticking it to 
'em. 

For any information regarding the 
above eve'nts, clubs and activities 
contact the Recreation Club Office at 
452-4031. 

Running Thoughts 
By JEFF SAVAGE cSt MIKE GREENBERG 
WHAT'S GOING ON HERE DEPT, "A year in transition" should be the label bestowed 
upon this year's UCSD men's basketbaD team . Losing head coach John Block to Oral 
Roberts was bad enough, but the Tritons' top three leading scorers have also departed. 
Bob Goodman (to graduation), Ron Hicks (to ineligibility) and Ray Banalas (for 
personal reasons) have made a talent-laden team a very ordinary one. Back for another 
year are forwards Steve Aint and Mark Barreca, guards Brandon Nixon and Randy 
Bennett (a redshln last year) and center Mike Dabasinskas. As former assistant and 
now head coach Tom MarshaD puts it, the Tritons wiD have to "playas a team this 
year. last year we were led by guys who were not team players, but this year we'D have 
more of a team effort." 

The Tritons will be going with a run and gun offense, and the rookie coach says, "I 
thln~ we. have the porential to do better this year than Iasr." A pretty bold statement 
~nsldenng UCSD is not that deep and will have to depend on its staners to cany a 
bIg load. But Marshall is a player's coach, something Block never was. Maybe with a 
more relaxed atmosphere, UCSD will surprise some people this year in the NAlA. 

John Bloclr dtparts /1M ... 
." Tom MarslulU /lssumes control. 

WAIT A MINUTE DEPT. When a basketbaD team from New York has to steal its team 
name from basebaD, it must be in trouble from the sttn. The Buffalo Braves, aside from 
a few shining moments by individual performers Bob McAdoo and Ernie DiGregorio, 
were a complete flop throLWtOUl their NBA existence. Forrunately for the NBA fans of 
New York, they moved. Unlonunately for the NBA fans of San Diego, they moved here. 
After fiw basketbaD seasons in our fine city, the Clippers (as they're referred to now) 
have made Liz Taylor's marriages look successful. The interesting thing is that the local 
media is claiming that the dippers wiD be a successful club this year. Both the San 
Ditgo Union and the Los Angtlts Times have the Clippers in the playoffs. Could there 
reaDy be a chance? Hardly. The feding is that San Diego's playoff hopes have come in 
the form of Norm Nixon. How foolish . Nixon looked good in a Laker uniform only 
because he was playing on the Lakers' side. When you're surrounded by great talent, 
you have to work really hard to look mediocre. Nixon may be the Clippers' floor 

le~er, but his gimpy knees and average. baske!baD skills won't be of much help. The 
feeling IS that now that Tom Chambers IS gone, Teny Cummmgs WID get to play his 
best position, power forward. So what. As if they ever denied Cummings the baD 
before. The feeling is that because BiD Walton is healthy again (how long will that last?) 
San Diego has a solid middle. First year head coach Jim Lynman says, "BiD wiD play on 
a fuD-time basis except for back-to-back nights and road game situations." What in the 
world does that mean? It means that Walton wiD not play even half of San Diego's 
games. The Clippers will be hard pressed to stay out of the Pacific Division cellar this 
year. 
ON THE AIRWAYS DEPT. If you have cable lV, you don't want to miss ESPN's Horse 
Rllcing WtefflY every Wednesday night at 11:30 pm. It is definitely the best produced 
and directed sports show on the tube these days. And if you are a horse racing fan, 
then you wiD love it, since aD the week's top races from around the country are shown. 
Sharon Smith, the host of ~he 30 minute show, is one of the most knowledgeable and 
chansmanc spons people In TV today. Watch for a network to sign her soon. For 
those who like the in depth inrel '/iew scene, USA 's Sportslooff is a must. Host Roy 
Firestone is definitely the most comical yet at the same time insightful man in sports 
television today. But nobody beats CNN's Sports Saturday for interviews, updates and 
highlight film . Not only do we see a live interview where the viewers can caD in with 
questions, but Sports Saturday keeps its audience up to date with the late breaking 
sports scores. And finally , one network television nore . We had to applaud when CBS 
fired NBA commentator Bill RusseD , but applause has turned to howling over Tom 
Heinsohn, the announcer who replaced him. Heinsohn, the ex-Boston CeltiC coach, 
was horrifying In his debut Saturday afternoon in Houston, where the Rockets (who 
are at best a mediocre club this year) hosted the San Antonio Spurs. Hemsohn's 
comments were far from insightful, but when new Rocket guard Phil Ford alley-ooped 
a pass to Ralph Sampson for a dunk, Heinsohn shouted excitedly, 'And that's what 
Phil Ford can do for this great Houston team ." Oh Tom , you're embarrassing CBS. 
NEXT QUESTION PLEASE DEPT. Thursday's question: Of [he top five active scorers 
in the NFL today, which one is not a placekicker? Answer: Harold Carmichael. Wide 
receiver. Philadelphia Eagles. Today's question: Prior to the Philadelphia 76ers. which 
was the last NBA team to sweep all four games of the championship series? Answer in 
Thursday's column. 

THERE'S NO WAY IT COULD BE DEPT. The San Diego Chargers are suffering 
through their worst season since the days of John Hadl, and tonight's Monday Night 
Football game against the Washington Redskins is of such extreme imponance that the 
Chargers have gone the desperate route . As bizarre as it may seem, Redskin 
quarterback Joe Thelsmann will play for both teams. In a bold move yesterday, Charger 
owner Gene Klein managed to swing a deal with Washington that will allow Charger 
quanerback Ed Luther to take the night off (Luther was supposed to start for the 
injured Dan Fouts) while Theismann directs the San Diego offense In return the 
Redskins will receive Wes Chandler at the end of [he season. But what's to prevent 
Theismann from dellbcmtcly performing below standard:. when running the Charger 
offense? Apparentl)' Klem h ,l ~ offerred "incentives" to Theismann , but Guard/WI sour es 
(ould not uncover what those were .. .. 

CHRISTMAS 
BREAK-AWAY 

to the TROPICS 
Roundtrip air transportation via United Airlines 
Roundtrip transfers: Airport / Hotel 
lei Greeting 
Hotel Welcome / Continental Breakfast 
Hotel Accommodations for 7 nights at Holiday Isle 
1 block from Walklki Deoch _ 

• Double occupancy 5557 / Triple occupanc,. 5547 
Deposit due Nov. 7 / Dolance due Dec. 1 
Sign-up and details in Office of Campus Recreation 

__ "-,,,-n: Office of Campus Recreation/PE DeptJx403 
From 

A Ladd Company. the University Events Offtce 
You are cordially InYltad to attend 

a special screening of 

Wednesday, November 2nd at a~1 
Mann Sport. Arena, 3350 Sports Arena Blvd. 

A Bob Fosse film 
- FREE PASSES-

at the UCSD Box OffIce 

• 



. '. 

I 
/. 

! 

. , 

ACADEMIC SERVICES 

MONDAy-FRIDAy---------
8lJO ani-21M pili - SIGI. System of 

Int~active Guidance and Information is a 
computer-based program of career 
information desi~ to help you clarify your 
values and 'occupational interests. For more 
information, come to Career Planning & 
Placement. In Career Planning HL 1058. 
9100 .... 100 pili - Grammar Moses 
Hotline - A grammar hothne pho~in 
service for help with diction, grammar and 
punctuation problems. To reach Grammar 
Moses, call 452-2284. Sponsored by OASIS 
Writing Center. Service available throughout 
the quarter. 

.~O ~IOO pIII- OASIS writing Center 
offers free service for all UCSD students who 
need pre-writing help, conferences on drafts 
and editing advice. We engage any kind of 
writing and any kind of writing problem. 
Conferences Clre by appointment only. 
Evening appointments are now also available 
in OASIS Third Place at Third College. (Forthe 
full range of services see bak of Fall Schedule 
). Call 452-2284 or come by USB 4010 to 
make an appointment. This service is 
available throughout the quarter. 

~O .. m-4:OO pm - PAL Conferences -
Don't spend more time stu~ing than 
necessaryl Sdledu/e a one-to-one PAL 
(personal assistance for learning) conference 
to streamline your studying. The conferences 
Will deal With your course materials concerns 
including reading comprehension, memory 
control , lecture notetaking, and test 
preparation, as well as how to manage your 
time, handle stress. concentrate bett~, and 
overcome procrastination. Sponsored by the 
OASIS Reading and Study Skills Center. In 
USB 4010. 
I :J0-4:OO pm - Drop-in Hours. For quick 
questIOns pertaining to career planning, job 
hunting, resume critiqueing, etc. For more 
indMdual attention sign-up Of' call 452-3750. 
In Career Planning HL 1058. 

MONDAY--------·-----
9100-10180 .. - A representative from 
STEP (Stanford Teacher Education Program) 
will be here on campus to provide 
information to anyone interested in pursuing 
a career In teaching. In the Revelle! Formal 
Lounge. 
10:0.11:00 ani - The Language Program 
Levell & II - This OAS/~ program focuses on 
the thinking skills you need to successfully 
handle the reading and writing tasks 
assigned in your courses. It is designed for 
those who want to perfect their English 
language skills. LP classes are taught by 
reading and writing specialists and bilingual 
tutors. LP IS present by the OASIS Writing 
Center and the OASIS Reading Center. In 
USB 406O-B. 
10:00 am-J:OO pili - Free tutoring in 
mathematics. biOlogy. chemiStry, physics. 
economics. statistics. and computer science 
Monday thru Thursday. OASIS Ulderground. 
Don't wait 'til it's too latel In HL 1254. 
10:»":JO .. m - Graduate School 
AdviSing. Planning on graduate school after 
UCSD7 Afteryou attend a Graduate Advising 
Seminar, drop-in at this time and talk to an 
advisor for more specific or detailed 
Information. In the Student Center Bldg. A. 
1 :0.2:00 pm - The Cultural Issues 
DISCUSSion Hour is an informal exchange in 
which a wide rangeofinterdisdplinarytopics 
drawn from different cultural contexts will be 
examined and discussed. Concepts and 
terminology in modern artistic and 
philosophical trends w ill be discussed and 
clarified. Sponsored by the OASIS I..1nguage 
Program. In USB 4070. 
I :4~3:JO pm - Mock Interview. Seeing 
and hearing yourself on Videotape can help 
put tre finishing touches on interview skills. 
PrereqUisite: IntervieWing Skills Workshop. 
call 452-3 750. In HL 105B. 
4J00.6:OO pm - Burroughs Presentation 
- any students considering an interview 
with BurroughS should attend. In the Revelle 
Formal wunge. 
2=-3:00 pm - Finding the Hidden Job 
Market . 80% of all vacancies are 
unadvertised. This workshop Will teach you a 
w2tf to find out about them. 

ruES DAY 
10:00 _-no n - Memol)' Control -It 
forgetting inf,)'mation is something you can 
do without. don't miss thiS workshop I We'lI 
caver the mind power techniques known as 
mnemonics (aSSOCiations. Visualization, and 
key w ,)rd pegs) and talk how to study tor 
total fI·call. Sponsored by the ON , ~ Reading 
& Study Skills pnter. In TCH9 141. 
10:»1I:JO dm - Law/MBA AdviSing. 
I..1w or MBA sr lOol group adVISing hours for 
any question concelfllng the aphcatlon 
process for lav •. , hocl or MBA programs, see 
the Pre-l.aw· 1:1I1agemc'nt ildvlsor on an 

111e WeeJcly 
Ca 

Informal basis. No appointments necessary, 
but it is advisable to call first at 452-4939. In 
the Students Center, Bldg. A 
I t:OO _ - The AS Internships office has 
internships in practically every field : Merrill 
Lynch, University Hospiutal, The Rolling 
Stone. Capitol Hill. and many more. Fore 
more info come visit our office located above 
the gameroom in the Student Center or call 
452-4689. 
Noon-IIOO pili - The French Workshop is 
a new feature of the OASIS I..1nguage 
Program. It is designed mainly for students 
who . are writing papers Of' other class 
assignments in French. Students not IIIIOrktlg 
on specific papers, but who would like to 
perfect their writing ability in French, are also 
~Icome. The Workshop will o~ a unique 
opportunity tor students to edit their own 
papers, and seek constructive criticism from 
their peers. It will also provide darification of 
grammar, mechanics, and sentence iWld 
paragraph structure. Pre-writing discussions. 
when -necessary, will be conducted in 
French. Students may attend on regular or 
occasional basis, according to their needs. In 
USB 4070. 

2~J:OO pm - Your Skills - Your Career. 
This WOf'kshop helps you identify and 
articulate your skills - and relate them to 
particu lar Ci.'f'eers. 
2:00-3:00 pm - The GM (Grammar & 
Mechanics) Workshop is designed for 
students who would like to work on 
clarifying basic grammatical concepts and 
categories, and applying them In an 
extensive, systematic series of practical 
exercises. An exercise manual to be 
purchased by the student will be used. All 
IMJrk will be COrTllleted in the context of the 
IMJrkshop. Sponsored by OASIS I..1nguage 
Program. In USB 4020-B. 

J:OCH:OO pm - Drop-in-advislng in open 
session for pre-medical and pre-dental 
students. No appointments necessary. but it 
IS advisable to call first to confirm that the 
session Will be held. In the Student Center, 
Bldg. A. 452-4939. 
4:00-6:00 pm - I.SA T Preview - Score 
your best on the I.SA TI This course Will 

provide practice tests and test-taking a 
strategies for the ~ading COfIlX'ehension, r Analytical ~asoning. EltClluatlon of Facts, Logical Reasoning. and Writing Sample 
sections of the I..S!\ T. In addition, }<)liN take a 
diagnostic test that will indcate just where 
you should fows )'OlX studes during the 

~ before the exam. Make your pre-test 
rf!:Vk!w etncient iWld ~ with the I..S!\ T 
Pr~ coursel Sponsort!d by the ~S 
Reading and Stuaj Skills Center. In USB 
4050-A 

_DNaDAY--- -- - -- - - --
..... 10100 .. - The GM IGrammar & 
Mechanics} Workshop is designed for 
students IIIIho would like to IIII'Of'k on 
clarifying basic grammatical concepts and 
categories, and applying them in an 
extensive, systematic s~ies of practical 
exercises. An exercise manual to be 
purdlased by the student will be used. All 
IIIIOI'k will be COrTllleted in the context of the 
workshop. Sponsored by the O"SIS 
Language Program. In USB 3050-8. 
9:»10d0 _ - Drop-In adIiIsi"9ln open 
session for pre-medical and pre-denta/ 
students. No appointment necessary, but it is 
advisable to call first to confirm that the 
session will be held. In the Student Center, 
Bldg. A 452-4939. 
10100-11:00 ani - The Language Program 
Level I & II - This OMIS program focuses on 
the thinking skills you need to suc~1ly 
handle the reading and writing tasks 
assigned in your courses. It is des~ for 
those who want to perfect their Er9sh 
language skills. LP classes an taught by 
reading and writing specialists and bilingual 
tutors. LP is presentt!d by the G\SIS \Xhiting 
Center and the ~S ~ading Center. In 
USB 406O-B 
11100 _ "Don The Spanish Workshop 
is a new feature of the ~S ~nguage 
Progam. It is d!:iig1cd mainly _for students 
IIIIho are writing papers Of other class 
aSSignments in Spanish. Students not 
working on specific papers, but who would 
like to perfect their writing ability in Spanish, 
are also~. The Workshop will offer a 
unique opportunity for students to edit their 
own papers, and seek constructive criticism 
from their peers. It will also provide 
clarification of grammar, mechanics, and 
sentence and paragaph structure. Pre-
writing discussions, when necessary, will be 
conwcted in Spanish. Students may attend 
on regulCl' or occasional basis, according to 
their needs. Sponsort!d by the OASIS 
Language Program. In USB 4070. 
I =-2iDO ..... - The Cultural Issues 
Discussion Hour is an informal exchange in 
which a Wide rCl'lge of Interdisdplinaly topic 
drawn from differef'( cultural contexts will be 
examined and discussed. Conc:rpts and 
terminology in modern artistiC and 
philosophical trends will be discussed and 
clarified. Sponsored by the OASIS I..1nguage 
Program. In USB 4070. 
I :OO-Z;oo ..... - On-CafTl)US-lnterviewlng 
Orientation. If you are interested in 
participating in the oo-campus intel\liewing 
this quart~, it is mandatrny that you attend 
one of these Of'ientations before you 
intetView. In the ReIIetIe Formal Lounge. 
2:OO-Jl3O pm - Graduate Mvising 
Seminar. Planning on graclJate school7 For 
information on application procedures, 
letters of recommendation statement of 
purposes and admissions criteria, attend one 
of these seminars by signing up at the 
Student Center, Bldg. A. 452-4939. 

2~:OO pm - Textbook Reading for 
Recall - How marry times should you read a 
chapter? Oncel This IMJrkshop shows you 
how to read efficiently and transfer tt!dIOUS 
hours into productive learning sessions. Bring 
your textbooks and learn how to apply 
learning efficiency techniques to your 
courses. Sponsored by the OASIS Reading & 

Stu~ Skills Center. In the Conf. Rm. Bldg. B, 
Student Center 
J.00-4100 pm - Resume Writing 
Workshop. Learn how to write an etfective 
resume critiqut!d by a Career PI<wming & 
Placement advisor. A must for on-campus 
interviewing. In the ~Ile! Formal Lounge. 

tHURSDAY- - - - ---- - - ---
1~2:JO pm - Job Market Trends. 
Separate fact from fantasy. Our WOf'kshop 
Will help you understand the changing job 
market and your future In it. In the Revelle 

Formal Lounge. 
214....... .... - Interestt!d in heCIIth 
professions 1 20 minutes private 
appoi'ltlllet Its tor C¥eer planning actvicr for 

students interested in health careers. call in 
advance for appointment. but no earlier than 
one week. Health Sciences..a.dliisofy Program 
452-4939. In ttle Student Center Bldg. A. 
4.00 6100 .... -I..S!\ T Pr~ - Score your 
best on the I..S,A. n This course Win provide 
practice tests and test-taking strategies for 
the Reading C~rehension, Analytical 
Reasoning. Evaluation of Facts, Logical 

~asoning. and Writing Sa""le sections of 
the I..S,A. T. In addition, you'll take a diagnostic 
test that will indicre just W'here you should 
f0CtJ5 your studies wring the weeks before 
the exam. Make your pre-test review efficient 
and eftKtive with the I..S,A. T Preview coursel 
Sponsored by the OASIS Reading and ~ 
Skills Center. In USB 4050-A 

PRlDAY--------------, 
•• 00-10.00 pm - On-Campus-

Int~rviewing Orientation. If you are 
interested in participating in the on-c.ampus 
interviewing this quarter, it is mandatOlY that 
you attend OIY of these orientations before 
you Interview. In the ~Ile! Formal Lounge. 
101»-11141_ -Interested In the health 
professions 7 20 minutes private 
appointments for career planning advice for 
students Interestt!d In health careers. Call In 
advance 'or appointment, but no earlier than 
one w~. Health Sciences AdvIsory Program 
452-4939. In the Student Center, Bldg. A. 

n~Y-------------

1M.lm AY------------
z.oe.aoo ... - III!aMrtng From Eating 
DIsorders (RED Group III ftis, group Is 
~ b' students IM10 t.e ~ 
IMHfced on NtIng dIson:IerSandlle~ 
in the proass of gMng up the serious eaCIng 
probfems. We wit txus on other ftas d 
IIIIing wtiIe 0&I1I1g support It1fo&91 this 
transftDlal time. 1he group . \NIl _ 19m 
peer COlA'1SeIIng tech IIques so that they an 

~ others In the ruue. BeY Hliju and Bob 
Bam!U, fadIitatoIs. The group an ~ women 
onty, or, men and women. depending upon 
!he IntBest lhe IeIdefs \oWUfd IIfce to _ to 
prospective members at , short 
appointment. to determllie " the group Is 
approprIatI!. calf BeY 01 Bob. 452--3987 to 
sign up. MeeIS at Wa-m1 CoHege ~s 
oftIce. week~ ~ the quarter. 
JaOO.4dO ... - Cil!nt!ral COUI'1SefIng 
Citcup - Is being o«ered ~ Counseling iI'1d 
P5ychoIogIc:aI Servtcrs b' 5IUdem who 1ft 
interested In erptor'oilg their ferings about 
coping with schoof. relationships. and/or 
family problems. Ii ,tI!! estI!d students should 
call fadllt.1tors 5a!w ~. 452-3755 or 
Connie 8runig at 452-3585 for more 
Information and to slg1!4). Meets. HL 1003. 

PRlDAy-------------- . 
..., ,tOO .. - WCI'Il!n College f'robII!m 
Solliing Clinic - lhIs time wiN be used for 
students who wish to call ahead or stop ~ 
for a 15020 mjnut~ protllem-solVlng session . 

REUGIOUS 
FUNCTIONS 
~y.-------------
...... -cart1oIIc Mass. Sponsored by the 
c.amoIIc Comrruity at UCSO Monday-
~. In the lkMr'sit¥ Luther .. OUch. 
AIM ... - The Christian Science 
Org~nlz~tlon will hold Its weekly 
nspratlonll meeting at 6 pm In the ReveIe 
InIormII L.ounge. AM are ~ IrMted. 
7.11 ... - ~ Crusade b' Chr1st 
"Sb.q< 8reaI('. SpecIal meecIIlg - Dr. SUne 

~ia. of the ScM1dINIIIan 01rIstWrI , speIIdng on "lhe \IIA)rtd CrisIs" 
"'so, 1m & refteshments. In th~ 
Admi .. ....., ~ III-A. 

~ - 8IIte ~. Sponsored by the 
Student CcJtrid".-os. CIII Gn!g 

271-6112 Ibr fIation n more lnb. 
; 

..... IMy--l---------· 

... _ - CIIIhaIc, AcAll!Stalt and Jewtsh 
~ mtIIsten wII ;meet • the 0fIIce d 
/llilgious AfraIrs, 8tdg: 8 of the UCSD SIudI!nt 

=.--Sludent~pn!pnd~the 
I..uI:t1enn ConmunIty :. uc:so followed by 
BIbte sructi • 6:30 pm. Open to all, In the 
IDungr d the U1M!rsily I.uthera"I OUch. 
,.. .... - Inter-VilfSlty Chrlstl~ 
FellowshIp: Corne JOIn us b a time cf 
sklgIng. sharing iI'1d making friends. We wi. 

~ ctsgnW1g the i~1C2 of pr¥l' this 

1ItUMIlliAY-------------
........ - SIudent 0ir1ner. Sponsored by 
the Catholic Student Coordinators. 
Adnission S2 In the l..cu1geofthe lkWersI1y 
Luther .. Churc:t1. 
7dO .... - CIthotIc SIudent BIble ' ~ 
Group. In ttIe UWersIty Lutheran Church. 

M~Y-----.--------
....... -~Mass. Sponson!dbyttlt 
CatholIc ComrnunI\Y at UCSD. I\t the 
liWersl1y Luther .. Ouch. 

~y--------------
.. _ -CathoIicMass.~~the 
cathofIc C~ • UCSD. In the 

~ Luther .. Church. 
..... ,0a00 _ - EpIsc:opaI Church 
Worst1P 5enIkr: Sunday Eucharist and ParIsh 
fellowship. Good Samaritan Episcopal 
OIJrctt. 
, .... _ - Pastor .John HI.CJer leads a 
dfso JSSlnrl on the sigliflcancr of Martin 
Luther, based on a current ecumenk:al 
document. In the Lounge of the lkWerslty 
Luther .. O1urch. 
'ChII _ - Catholic Mass. Sponsored by 
the catholic Cornrru1lty at UCSO. In the 
Nofth Corl. Rrn. SCudent Center Bldg. B. 
., ... _ - Luth!riJll momitg INOI'Stip 
seMcr fNtL1'e5 as speaker Fr. FrInk Sabatte, 
CSP of the UCSD Qttlo/Ic Comnunity. In the 
CNpeI of ~ lutheran Ovch. 
...... -CathoIicMass.~bythe 
catholic COI11rYIUI*Y at UCSD.ln the 
lJnIverSity Luther .. Ouch. 
7tOO ... - Luther.. ewnIng worship 
selVicr features as spealcer Fr. WIIfIam 

Ma~ of the UCSD Epjsalpat Campus 
MInIstry. In ttIe Chapel of U'1iII'ersIty lutheran 
Ch.irch. 

EN i ERTAINMENT 

.a • .aAy.-----------

....... - A!rloI" .. a by Marle! Uttl, 
CefIIst. inno¥aIDr of ~ pI¥1g 
tech IIques. In MiIndMIfe Aud. Mnission 
general S3, 5tlKttra/SUJIf/SA!IlIJOt dt 51. 
.... ~ - UCSD lhNtre present "Our 
Town. lhomIDn 'Mfder's AmerIca'1 classic 
about 1oIIe, life, mMriq iI'1d dNth, set In a 
small town In ~ England. "Our Town" 
will ~ c:lrected by""'" SctvIetder. Mea an 
.,allable • all TJcketron Outlets, l,ICSD 
Student Center Tldcer 0fIIce. For Inbtnatlon 
call 452 .... 574 from 4-6:30 pm. ShowIng 
Trurs.-Sat at B pm and Sunday at 7 pm. 
I.ocated at ~l Weiss Center for the 

~ming Atts. MnIsslon SlUd,/Senior 
citizen S4 (Th/SUn), 55 (Fri/SatJ, General 56 
ITh,lSunJ, 58 IHi/Sat). 

IlOO .... - UCSO Department of Drama 
presents BertoIt Brecht's ~ 
drama about a woman who Is breed to 
masqueradr as a man to uviw, "lhe Good 
Person of Szechwan, A Parabfe ~' at the 
UCSD Theatr~ IIoc3taI on ~ WlIJ 
behind the booIcstoreJ. TIdceU are onty 53 
and are available at all TIdcetron OI*U. the 
UCSD Student Center Met 0IIk2 and at 
the UCSD lheatre Mer 0fIIce en ntgha of 
~ only. Wed.-Sat. at 8 pm iI'1d 
Sunday at 7 pm. For more Info call 452-4574 
Of 3793. 

OTHER 
~~y-------------
'rio ... - UCSO ~ ClIb meeilng to 
IeCl'n to fly for less than anywhere - cnme to 
the meeting for details. 2nd fir. Student 
Center A 

IWDNnDAY·-----------
,... ....... - Men's water polo game 
vs. Cal State Fullerton. In the C'.ar¥l" \MIN 
pool. 
7110 ... - \X,t)men's vofIe)OaIl game vs. 
US/U. Admission student 51, other 5250. In 
Triton GyrmasIum. 

~y------------
........ - Salling Club meeting. EVet)'CI'1e 
is welcome. In APM 2202. NoDfto,,,, ... -~ ral~ 
against US invasion of Grenada. All 
concerned students, faculty and starr are 
Invited to partldpate. In the RPoIeIle PIMa. 

SATUlBlAY-------------
IlOO .. - Men's and Women's swim meet 
Men \IS. Santa Barbara SlNim Club. ~ vs. 
UCSO ComrrunIty ,A.quatics Club. In the 
canyon View pool. 
11100 _ - Men's and \X.bmen's Cross 
Country meet \IS. Pt I.DmCI College. C~ 
starts on .John HopkIns Dr. 
, ....... - Men's n:I ~'s fendng 
meet \IS. cal State /lbdTktge. In the ~ 
'.-.zaIO ... - Ocean Fikn Series -
-Shart; Danger In the Sea" iI'1d ''\Mlar Is a 
Ashr. 1\t Scr1lPS ~ 

0RGANIZA11ONAL 
MEmNGS 
~y--------------
...... I ...... - lhe AsIan PadfIc 
SIudent AllIance I"P5AJ Is hailing a rKtUtting 
dfiIIie. It ~ wants to be on our mailing 
list Of want ~ information pteaR step by 
our otIk:e and III out .. information sheet. In 
the Student Center Rrn. 105. 
IaOO ... -~ Coop meetitg iI'1d 
dinner. In ttIe Ole care. 

~y--------------4110 ..... - Cormittee Against Registration 
and the Draft holds a general interest 
meeti 19 in the North Corl. Rrn. RIefresnrnents 
seMd. alllNeI<ome, dral'tee and o«hers. 
.... ... - Israel ActiOn Cormittee -
Discusslon IDpic ttWs week : ~ in the 
Mideast In the Revelle Formal Lou~. 
•• 00-7.00 ,.. - The Mechanical 
EngIneering Cklb present a talk on HOesigl 
and Use Of ,A.utomatIc DeIM:rs to Measur~ 
Beach E osion" by Dave Bathman, 
Development EngIneer for 1nstItut~ of 
Marine resources and 1980.MAES graduate. 
In the Revelle Inb'maI Lounge. 
7 ... Il00 .... - Surf TMn/ClIb is hailing 
a mandltay meeting b all IlI!W and old 
members. We win c:IsaJss all u~ 
contests iI'1d pa1IeS. /ItnyorIe who hasn't 
paid dues bring 55. In H. 1154. 

-.,,,~Y------------
........ - PlEA Invites all pre-t.1w's to Its 
weekly meeting above .the student 
game oom FInd out abOut l.1W-0iIy. 
,....... ...... - Gay Men's Support 
Group: Take a break trom your studies, your 
II'1Idtern& iI'1d your probfems. ThIs Informal 
disaiSSlon is open to all men who Cl'e gay, 
bisexual, Of ~ their sewaIIty. 
Sponsored by IAGO. In i'CHB 141. 

~y.------------
1100 ,.. - Chemlst'Y m.,rs and 
~ ~ (including 8Iod'Ier1l1stryl: 
Come jofn the AmericiJIl Chemical Sodety's 
Student ""'1Iates me«i 19 to lind out more 
about our club and some unique 
opportunities within. the UCSD chen-.:r. 
Ot!pt ReIrestments wi. aboundI '-"Y I 
1001. 

~y--------------
....... - HI ~ IbtIcsI ThIs ~ 
dlb )lOU ~ been hearing of Is 

war~. \IrI! ~ open to all. FrM We 
pllIJ anytirnr. but fantasy/sina.Jlatlon non-roII 
pl<¥ns is preferred. In APM 2101. 



I. " 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Get ycu oct together ncHI for the air band contest 
on Nov. t8. S50 first prize. Sign up in Rewlie Deans off. 
a Revelle Resident Deans off. NCMI thru Nov. 11 . 
Sponsored bV R.P.B. (11/10) 
Alpha Omicron Pi Is having an infamal rush Call Jill 
(450-1688) for details. (10/31) 
Information concerning the annual Sri Chlnmay 
Poetly Awards fa spiritual poetry Is rv::NI available. 
Phone 459-2002 for rvIes and Info sheet. (10/31) 
ENGINEERS: Explore applied mechanics with the 
Mechanical Engineering Club. Dove Bothman 
(AMES '80) will speak on "Design & Use of Automatic 
DevIces to Measure Beach Erosion" on Tues. 6 pm 
Rev. Informal. (10/31) 
AIlyone Interested In visiting the Univelsity ~ Baja 
Califomla In Emenoda on November 5th should 
contact the R8\I8I1e Dean's Office at 452-3493. W6 
will go bV bus and visit their labs and meet some ~ 
their students and foculty. Sponsored bV the Rewlie 
Third World Alliance. (10/31 ) 
ACADEMIC INTERNSHIP PROGRAM - placement In 
direct c lient contoct/counseling. Includes seminar 
and foculty advisor One ~ ()U( best opportunities. 
Apply Immediately for winter quarter (11/10) 
ENGINEERING AND COMPI.JTER SCIENCE STUDENTS -
new Internships available for winter and spring 
quarter at Loglcon. Laal and many others. APPLY 
NOW! ACADEMIC INTERNSHIP PROGRAM we 406 
452-4355 (11/8) 
Everyone-...elcomeea. Tues 2-3 pm Muir apt. lounge 
4 prog board meetings 4 more info coil Carmen 695-
9435 (10/31) 
MAMMOTH MOUNTAIN SKI TRIP. Jan. 1-6. S165. Son 
Felipe. Mexico. Dec 9-11 . $105. Get A~TOUIS 275-
3030x370. (12/1) 

PERSONALS 

Mr. Chicken S ... (a) LevI. happy birthday to you. w/ 
best "witches". Ed. Mark. and Jim May b Hazel too. 
(10/ 31 ) 
GIRLSI TKE Fraternity epsilon class presents 
Chlppendales review at campus club med Fri NOlI. 
11 Two professional shows 8pm and 11 pm Free 
beverages tickets SS sold at ploza ... So keep Fri Nov. 
11 open Irs a night you woo·t wont to miss. (11/10) 
Ale you a woman looking to get mae out of 
college? Discover Alpha Omicron Pi!1! call Jill 450-
1688 a come over to lunch at the Revelle Dell 12-1 
on Wed ( 10/31 ) 
Happy Halloween Joonnal!! Only 456 hours until 
Initiation .. Love. your AOII big sister. (10/ 31 ) 
A HAPPY' HALLONEEN to the best sisters anywhere -
AOllsl!! Love. Nancy. ( 10/31 ) 
HAPPY' HALLONEEN BETHI You're a great DG little 
sister ( 10/ 31 ) 
Gina Have a phenomenal blrthclay Love Heidldl. 
p s. ls rt really necesSOry?1 ( 10/ 31 ) 
PM - Very enlightening conversotionl lf I dldn·t love 
you a lready ( 10/ 31 ) 
dave taylor - everyday i wnte the book about your 
Physical Chemistry. LYB ( 10/ 31 ) 

FOR SALE 
Couch. extra long. high bock. will delivef within 
reason. sao. Call Fronk 450-9108. (11/3) 
Matching ~ and Chalf. dinette Cheapl Cali 
Nicole. Sue 452-1734. (11/3) 
Kawasaki KD175 81 street legal. good condition. 
litt1e mileage Contoct Bob Finnell :276-0367 a 295-
0147. Leave message. (10/31) 
1977 Flat Spider convertable sportscor dark brO\Nn 
great condition ION miles 452-7217 Barry (11/3) 
Red 1968 Fiat 124 sport convertble New point. top. 
tires & rebuilt engine Very sharpl Moving & must sell 
PHONE 560-0057 eves TIm (11/3) 
66 GALJ!V(Y 500 S400 "sexy". new trans . new tires Call 
Bob 453 1997 (11 / 3) 

SERVICES 
Need a typist? Reasonable. Speedv, Acc:\.Wate. CoIl 
Kathie 576-1277 anytime. Guarallteed SeMc:e. 
(12/1) 
l.NWANTED HAIR REMCMD PERMANENTlY near 
canpus. La Jolla ProfeulOt IOi Center. 8950 VHIa La 
Jolla Of. SuI1e 116Q.C Call for appt 453-7040. (6/7) 
Star Words typing and WOld processing. 9580 Bik. 
Mtn Rd. St-G. TenTI papeIS. Theees. All typing needs. 
578-«)41 . (10/31) 
TYPING - Term popel$. manulCripts. theIes. IBM 
Corr. SeIec. Reasonable rates. Jane 0Ids. 455-0127. 
(11/10) 
Improve gradesl Wrtte/type term popeIS. thesis. Flo 
Samuels 450-1868. Ten yr. expo (11/10) 
Exceptional typing - all kinds. Super IBM nl. 
Corrections. spelling. nearby. Fast seMce. 450-1138. 
(12/1) -
T arm papers - theses - dissertations. Low rates. fost 
selvice. Pro-Type. 454-6860. La Jolla. (6/7) 
Fast, experienced typist. Student & ~ papeI$. 
Composition/editing. Near campus 450-0732 eYe. 
Helen. (12/1) 
TYPING - Faculty/Students. Quality work. 
Reasonable rates. Tapes also. Sandy. 459-5818. 
(12/1) 
TRAFFIC CLASSES. Court Approved Saturdays. 
Sundays. Evenings. Held at Univelsity Towne Center. 
MisSlOO Valley and La Mesa. Registration 565-1767. 
(10/31) 
PREGNANT? Choose alternatives to abortion. Son 
Diego Pro-Life League Hotline: 583-5433. 941-1515. 
(10/31) 
Professional wad prlcessing. typing. editing. 
rewriting selVices. reports theses. mcxe 440-8977 
Nancy. (11/3) 
fast occurate. high QUOiHy. same day seIvice for 
under 5 pages WQIt(. Near UCSO. Call Fery at tel. 452-
1393. (10/31) 

LOST Be FOUND 

Tina Aebzor. yes someone does low you - we found 
your pen. Coli us at "The Ranch" 481-3586. (11/7) 
DOG FOUND: Brown. cute puppv. It's OK eYen you're 
nat the owner call Ken 755-1902. (11/7) 
Attention Emergency Program Partlcipoots - We 
still have several articles thl were lett over the 
summer and hove not been claimed. Please 
contoct the otf-campus housing office at x3670. 
(10/31) 

. Lost TI 58C Calculator In HLAud 10/24 9am " found 
please call 563-9271 a leave with campus police 
(11/3) 

WANTED 

Subjects wonted for bralnwve e)(periment SS/hf 453-
4100 x450 (10/31) 
Wanted' Person to pick-up 7yr. old boy from school. 
make dinner SUpervise homewcxk. and do ilght 
housekeeping every Tues and Thurs. from 5:30 to 
10'30. S4/hr Must have cor Call Liso at 455-6458. 
(11/3) 
Wanted: Genetics tutor. Need help desperately! INIII 
poy start immediately. Call 566-3548 EI\I8S. (10/31) 
Wanted: Bonds fa Revelle Bottle ~ the Bands. A 
demo tape Of audition Is required Please call DavId 
at 56Q.{)819 otter 5:30 pm or IeaIIe message w/ 
Yolanda Garcia at R8\I8IIe PrOVQSt Office. (11/3) 

HOUSING 

Roommate needed: UTC kea S235/ma 0\Nn room 
great cleal ready now - contoct Steve. Rick a Cely 
457-4356 (10/31) 
Roomate INOnted lex 3 8R 2BA house In Card", 
overlool(lng ocean. S275/ma Inc. all utll. 942-6362. 
Fem rm-mate wonted Own rm S220/mo 
Clalfemont nice to\Nnhouse opl Avoll rv::NI5N' 4993 
6-10pm (11 / 3) 

53 

NB: The square at the intersection of 14 ACROSS and 9 DOWN contains two different letters. 

ACROSS 
1. Nineteenth century English novelist, 
creator of the Hardy boys series 
5. Lincoln was not defeated at a voting 
one but by a John Wilkes one 
B lawyers are caBed to it, not 
necessarily to drink 
10. Bloody vein near the hean of the 
story 
11 . A subject good enough for a major 
lTlII8azine, but not for a mystery story 
12. What designing Indians make under 
their teepees 
14. Sailor who has been punished with 
feathers 
15. The Queen of mystery fiction 
16. District attorney (abbr.), one free 
clue 
17. Number of those proud, Marine 
members of America's big stick 
lB. What organizes a mystery book and 
a grave site 
20. What a Morse code radio operator 
would shout when in danger 
2l. Two letters meaningless together 
which one will get with the DOWN 
clues 
24. An English type measurement 01 
three feel of crime 
25. A roaming squad of crime busters, or 
I should say rhyming 
26. Not a speCIfic staff (abbr.) 
27. What comes eventually to all men 
and all mystery books 
2B. Psychological element blamed for (it 
IS pronounced with a German accent) 
29. Policeman, slang from the verb 
32. Girl ~etective drawn out too long in 
fiction 
34. Room in one's house often inhabited 
by thieves (or lions) 
36. In the matter of, this clue 
3B. The committee tired of crime-
fighting Koch, board of --
40. The whole of Capone 
42. Under which many mystery story 
wnters write, also advisable for criminals 
43. I wish not to (contend) in latin 
45. An abbreviated lieutenant of' police 
46. What you would caU this detective if 
you did not caU a Spade a Spade 
49. The only good county, Ronda is a 
-- County, Rorida 
52. The English-Speaking Union (abbr.), 
which I often manage to mention in a 
piece 
53. CommerCialism in the year of our 
Lord (wc're gettmg a bit off track) 
54 What mystery wmers do to their 
readers and some tyrants do to their 

criminals 
5'. What one needs after an assault 
(abbr.) 

DOWN 
1. Famous English detective rela~d 10 
American Supreme CoUrt jU5tice 
2. A tum-of-the-centwy fICtional English 
thief WOD as a prize . 
3. A dear unnamed person in a lawsuit 
4. Two meaninglessly combined letters. 
but no more excuses 
5. How to prevent ships and prisoners 
from sinking 
6. Criminals not related to one's spouse 
7. A camp for judges (by their proper 
title) 
B. To capture a criminal by breaking his 
head 
9 . A ring for hot tennis items 
13. A nasty kind of examining 
16. ----- or prison 
17. To sell stolen goods, and to punish 
someone for it afterwards 
18. Foot---
19. The color of Clockwork 
22. The only peer of the Supreme Court, 
and the only one to have a sandwich in 
McDonald's named after him 
23. A unit of length to threaten someone 
with 
25. A Supreme Co un ruling preventing 
policemen from putting fruit on 
suspects' heads 
30. He talu;s an overdose against all 
chances (abbr.) 
3l. The first English policeman, who 
would wrap around a clockwork orange 
32. An occurrence when something is 
left secretly in the stock market when 
prices are ~oing down rapidly 
33. An English detective of caprice 
34. A crossword can replace an 
indefinite ankle and also include one 
36. A psycho, but his case is hard to 
crack 
39. A detecuve inspector, the Princess of 
Wales (abbr.) 
41 . How a case a lawyer carries is 
described 
42. An afrectauon Edgar AlIens put o~ 
44. Lethal dose (abbr), which otherwise 
would have been another meaningless 
combi nation 
47. The law at UCSD 
48. One's mother keeps silent 
50 That IS, the clue 
51 . The police department, whICh ought 
to come Q (abbr) 
Amwfl'~ 1m f"IJ.:t' .') 


