
With the sympathy 
of legislators but not 
their support, UCSD 
graduate students are 
searching for stronger 
methods to keep the 
cost of University 
housing down. Story 
on page 7 . 

The conflict grows 

...... - - =---~, ---- .... --. --



.. 

, 

UC President Gardner has ordered a 
study to detennine the need for anOlher 
law school in the Uni~rsiry of 
California system, strengthening the 
possibiliry of a merger between UCSD 
and the California Western School of 
Law. Of the four CWTent UC law 
schools, three are in Northern 
California; only UCL\'s law school is in 
the south. The California Wesrern 
campus trustees will donate the 11 
million in assets to UCSD if CWTent 
faculry are guaranteed job security. The 
results of the study are expected to be 
announced in March. 

• The KOOL Jazz Festival comes to 
UC~ ~n Frid~y, Sept. 30, in Mandeville 
Audltonum, with Saxophonist Sonny 
Rollins. It will continue through that 
weekend with picnics on the Re~ge 
South Lawn. A special discount of $3 off 
the regular price will be offered to 
UCSD students. Both picnics will last 
from noon to 6 pm and will feature 
Dave Brulleck and his Quartet. Tickets 
will be available at the UCSD Box Office 
beginning Monday. 

• 
Aquarium guides are being sought by 

Scripps Aquarium as a part of an 
educational program for local children. 
college students imerestd in marine 
biology or careers in teaching can gain 
firsthand experience working as docem 
guides. Tens of thousands of children · 
visit the aquarium each year on field 
trips , and the docems work with them 
eIther at the aquarium of at local 
schools. An II week docent training 
program begins Mon., OCl 3, lasting 
each day from 9 am to noon. Lecture 

'and laboratory classes will cover 
fundamentals of marine ecology and 
natural history of the oceans. For 
information, call Mrs. Pat Kampmann, 
aqurium educational coordinator, at 
452-4087, 

• University presidems in the State 
system will be evaluated ~ry year 
under a new program adopted by the 
State U niversiry Board of Trusrees. 
Information will be collected on the 
presidents' performance from members 
of the faculty, student body, alumni and 
community groups, and the findings will 
be reported to the trustees. Each 
pre.sident will also undergo a five-year 
reVIew by a selected review committee. 
The program came about after 
complaints from the trustees that the 
only. contact they had with university 
preSIdents was during hiring and firing 
procedures. 

• 
"National Alzheimer's Disease Month" 

has received unanimous approval by the 
US Congress as a result of a resolution 
introduced by Congressman Bill Lowery 
(R-San Diego). The month of November 
has been selected to increase awareness 
of the disease, and after the President 
signs the bill, it will be law. An 

Deja Vu ... 
Dtja Vu will present exarpts from 

news slOries as they appeared in the 
Sanscrit Times , Triton Times, The UCSD 
Guardian, new indicator and The North 
Star. 

20 Years A80 . . . 
Classes start this week for 269 

students at UCSD. Chancellor Dr. 
Hemert York said a smaD "pilot' class of 
undergraduates wiD be enrolled next faD. 
It wiD be 1965 before any large buildings 
are ~vailable for undergraduates. The 
fj rst will be a four story structure on the 
Torrey Pines campus, devoted to 
physics CUrey Hall). 

I 

Alzheimer's Disease research chair 
supported by $1 million in property was 
recendy endowed by La Jolian florence 
Riford at the UCSD Medical School. 

• 
A daylong "Infectious Disease Update" 

will be presented by the UCSD Medical 
Center Sept. 23 at the Sheraton Harbor 
Island HOle\. An overview of the newest 
diagnostic methods and treatments for 
diseases incklding AIDS and herpes will 
be presented for health care 
profeSSionals. It will meet the criteria for 
seven credit hours of Continuing 
Nursing Education. Distinguished faculry 
who are currently engaged in clinical 
practice and research in their subject 
areas will lead the presentations. 

• 
"The World in Itnminent Danger" is 

the topiC for a worldwide program of 
bell-ringing during the entire month of 
October. independent organizations and 
concerned individuals are being asIted 
to coordinate their own projects "at this 
tremendous opportunity to educate the 
public on current crises in the world: 
says sponsoring UCSD professor of 
neurosciences Bob Livingston. BeDs will 
ring every day from 5 to 5:15 pm 
throughout the month of October aD 
over Europe, East Europe, England, 
Japan and the US. According to 
Livingston, students can playa major 
role in the project. "They can talk to 
church groups to get beDs rung. Student 
organizations can select a worldwide 
danger to promote for the tolling every 
day. Being located in San Diego, we can 
even netowrk it across the border to 
Mexico." 

• 
Human milk kiDs two common 

intestinal parasites when the parasite is 
exposed to milk in the laboratory, UC 
medical researchers have found. The 
report in the Sept. 22 issue of Science: 
explains that the parasites affec~d can 
cause symptoms ranging from . 
abdominal discomfon to diarrhea to 
dysentery. The scientists speculate that 
human milk may provide some 
protection to breast-fed infants exposed 
to these organisms. One of the diseases 
common in the US is called GilIrdia 

/amb~ and can be contracted by 
dnnkmg water or eating foods which 
are contaminated by cysts excreted by 
infected humans. 

• Men and women with adult diabetes 
are being sought as volunteers for a 
study underway at the UCSD Medical 
Center. Participants wiU receive free 
history, physical and laboratory 
examinations and wiU spend time at the 
clinical research center, which is 
sponsored by the National Institutes of 
Health. Persons interested in 
volunteering for the diabetes research 
project may contact Dr. Alain Baron at 
294-3968. 

15 Vears Alo . .. 
Black Panther Eldridge Cleaver speaks 

tOnight Sept. 26 in the gym at t! pm. 
The lecture is sponsored by the Tuesday 
the Ninth C,ommille.e (the day of Martin 
Luther King s assaSSination). Eldrige 
Cleaver wiU comment on his book Soul 
on Ice in which he wrote: "I had been 
taking (he easy way out, running away 
from problems. [ also learned that it is 
easier to do evil than it is to do good. 
And I have been very impressed by the 
youth of America.' 

Students and faculty heard AS 
Presiden.t Tom Shepard voice a plea for 
student Involvement and activism at 
Sunday's gathering. Featured was Revelle 

AS Forum 
In [he firs[ of a two pan series on the hierarchy of [he Associated 

Students, David Parker, former AS programmer, speaks with AS 
President Crai~ Lee about past, present and future problems associated 
wuh hIS position. The next AS forum will feature an interview with AS 
Vice President Elizabeth Woodworth. 

Henry Chu experienced some problems last year during his teon as president 
in rtgards to IUs authority in the council. His vetoes were regularly ovtrtumed 
and rareo/ upheld. Jules Bogneris battledJrequently with tlte '81 -'82 AS. Do 
you expect to pursue a leadership role in the AS, aruf if so, how will you avoid 
alienating the voting members? 

I try to gel the respect of the council. When it comes to veto overrides, 
so far all of my vetoes have been upheld. I think some of the other 
preSidents have tried 10 isolate themselves and say, "This is the 
execuuve power, and we're aD so mighty." I don't want to pursue that 
role, I w~nt ,to be one group and get results. ! want to work as a team. 
Henry dldn t command the respect; that's where his downfaD was. He 
isolated himself ofT in the executive branch. 1 don't have an executive 
branch. I go to the council. 
The rea fee \'5. tuition debate 

. Last )'tar, efforts wert rnt.UJt by the council to publicly protest the fee hikes, 
WIth postcard dnves organized and demonstrations both ~rt and at the 
Regents meeting. Do you plan to pursue that issue? 

D~finite\y . Right now we're working on the third quarter. and they 
don t have enough money for academics. UC President Gardner sent 
down a mem? saying that ~ could take 6% of th~ reg fee toW and apply 
It [0 academtc COSts, but It IS at the discretion of the chanceDor of the 

Uni~ers~o/. If you're taking reg fees and applying them to academics, 
that s tUItion. 

TIu! regfees art not designed Jor that 1LSt, correct? 
Right, these are for services, like the health center, etc. If it is used to 

pay p~ofessors' salaries it is kind of a back door way to charge wition . 
WhIch would you Javor, a cutbadt in academic qUIJlity or using a smaU 

percentage oj rtg Jees to pay academic costs? 
. I'd have to go with the loss in academics, because [ think [he Regents 

WIll see that and respond and 'say, "Look. we're losing our quality," 
because [hey already know they are; they're losing a lot to other schools, 
such as Texas, 

In light oj the Jee hikeS, why are you conSidering an increase in the activity 
Jec from $8 to $ 10 per quarter? 

I've only though~ about it. We've got 10 see how [he students go, 
because If they don [ wam \[ you know it won't go. Costs are going up, 

h~wever. and the 1'\5 is getting no more money than before. If we don't 
raise the fees, inflation will come along, and we'D be lOSing money. It's 
be~n ughl a\l across_lhe board. We are currendy pa 'ng the lowest 
acuv\[y fee of any UC campus. UCI pays $12.50, so we cOO1O 
more. 

AS stipends and a new constitution with a bicameral Iqi"-ue 
II has been said that AS members are mther well offfinancitJt1y, rtlative to 

the average student. Do you plan tQ propose stipends Jor next )'tar's AS 
members, so that thost positions might be more acommodating to tlte worlting 
student? 

Personally, I believe in stipends. The advantage is that you are able to 
hold people acountable for the job. Otherwise the incentive is lacking. I 
~an 't say that ['m well off, because during the summer [have not worked; 
[ ve JUst put the 40 hours per week in as president, and financiaDy it's 
killed me. I was elected to the job; [ am going to do the best [ can. 

Who has paid your fcc' this year? 
My parents. 
Could you run dowll the list oj your priorities as Jar as projecls go this year? 
The constitution. 
You said thaI last year. 
I think we could gellhecouncil together and work on the referendum: 
t~ar's a big project. We need 20% ' voter [urnout, with two-thirds 
affirmative approval on constitutional changes. For example, the koala 
was voted ~y the students to be the new school mascot. It is going to have 
to go lor relerend um agam , because [he last vote did not have the 20% of 
[he student population neeued to make the results reaDy valid in a 

rum to 11 

Provost Paul Sakman who coined a new 
motto for Revelle coDege, "Cut the crap." 
Shepard commented, -The world cannot 
afford another generation of naive 
college students; society cannOl continue 
to eXIst if we create another era of 
Reagans." 
10 Vears A&o . .. 

Ghosts of the political struggle of the 
60s will haunt the polls on November 6, 
1973 as Governor Ronald Reagan and 
the Universiry of California confront 
one another for the last time. Passage of 
Prop One would drasticaDy reduce 
University of California funding. Sources 
close to the University see Prop One as, 
In part, an effort of Governor Reagan's 
part to drive low income and minoriry 
s[udents out of the UC system. Reagan 
has expressed a desire to see UC 
become an expensive, "elite" institution. 
5 Years Alo ... 

Editorial [or the inaugural issue of the 
UCSD GUlJrdian: The scope ot our paper 
and the coverage it provides has grown 

~s the Universiry i!Se1f has grown. We 
Intend to give quabty, incisive coverage 
[0 newsworthy events that aflect this 
campus community. We intend to 
provide a source of Infonnation about 
manr facets of the lJni~iry, and to 
provIde a forum for free expression. It is 
to this end we feel the name TM 
Guardian is better suited as a statement 
of change from the former Triton Times. 

Proposition 13 which rocked the state 
in J.une, h,as left the Uni~rsity of 
Call~ornta s financial base tottering. The 
cut In the Umversiry budget of S3l.i 
million constitutes -the most serious 
fiscal problem faced by the University in 
many decades . I suspect since the 
depression: UC President David Saxon 
told the Regents in June. 

-CIuUtophcrCanole 

Gov. comes close 
to declaring tuition 

By STEVEN R, FRIEDMAN 
The California higher education 

budget took another beating Wednesday 
when 'Governor Deukmejian vetoed a 
bill that would have restored 108.5 
million dollars to the Community 
College system. 

War has broken out between the 
California State Assembly and the 
Governor's office over the issue of 
tuition. If the Assembly had complied 
with Deukmejian's demand of a tuition 
assessment it would have broken from 
California's tradition of tuition-free 
education and would ha~ seemingly left 
the door open for tuition fees in the UC 
system as weD. 

The UC system has nearly doubled 
studmt fees in the last three )'tars. As 
fees ha~ increased, replacing State 
support, the State has edged within 5% 
of the run amount it can charge without 
necesSitating. a tuition fee. 

The loss of the state funds will result in 
unparakled economic difficulties for the 
Con\muniry College system. Faced with a 
7.7% budget decrease compared to lag 
year, Chancellor of CommunIty CoUeg"s 
Gerald Hayward wamed that 166,000 
students could be turned away, and over 
15,000 classes might be dropped across 
the State. 

Some faculty and non-teaching 
employees are already being laid off as 
the Communiry coUeges scramble to 
make the slashed budget. A number of 
employees have already lost their jobs, 

and many more have been asked to 
increase work loads and at the same 
time accept 5% to 10% wage decreases, 
according to the Los Angt!es Times . 

The Governor's veto was in response 
to the State Assembly's refusal to add a 
measure, requested by DeukmeJian, that 
would institute a 550 per semester fee 
for fuU-time students and a $.30 per 
semester fee for pan-time students. 
Democratic leaders in the Assembly, 
including Speaker WiBie Brown and 
Tom Hayden. have led the fight against 
the fees that would create the first ever 
tuition charge in the history of the 
California State school system. 

The impact of the Governors veto 
upon Community College students will 
be dramatic. For the students who are 
able to attend classes, enrollment in 
each class will increase significantly. 
Because of their high cost, vocational 
training courses will be the first to be 
cut. The social cost wiD be immeasurable 
as more young people, especiaDy those 
at low income levels who can not afford 
a State Universiry, will be left unskilled 
and unprepared for the already tight job 
market. 

Unless Deukrnejian and the Assembly 
can agree on a compromise, such as 
temporary tuition, as he suggested he 
might on Friday, students, teachers and 
non-teaching employees will be the real 
losers in the political battle between the 
Assembly and the Governor. 

VCSD's Vniversity Events Office 
needs your help. Your ideas, talents 
and limitless energy are needed to 
make this an event-filled year. So 
get involved, join the committees, 
help plan, publicize, and produce 

events for the coming year. 

YOU Make It Happenl 
VCSD's IJnlverslty [yenb OIOce Is located In 
Building "II" of tile Student Center. OUr pbone 
number Is 452-4090, and we are open during tbe 

noon bour for your conyenlence. 

Squmber 26 J 983 3 

Lines. A common occurrence the first Jew weeks oj c/asses. This one, the meal card 
line outside the Revclle CaJeteria, is likely one oj the longest. The ID card line Jeaturtd 
chairs and evcn II rifreshment stand. 

Voter .Rally 
CalPiRG and the Associated Students 

of UCSD are teaming together to 
prorn<Xe student vOler registration at a 
rally to be held on ReveUe Plaza 
Thursday at noon, as pan of a statewide 
student voter registration drive. The 
drive should be viewed as a Signal to 
the State Legislature that students are a 
constituency to be recognized and 
respected. 

include San Diego assemblywoman Lucy 
Killea; Ray Oniz from the San Diego 

"Srudent voter registration is reaDy 
importam,' said Ca)PIRG's Kim Paulus. 
"Students move a lot and don 't always 
register, if they ever register in the first 
place." 

Speakers at the UCSD raDy will 

Registrar of Voters ; Tom Rutter trom 
UCSD Financial Aid; and Kim Paulus, a 
UCSD student. 

FILM 
DEVELOPING 

SPECIAL 

12 Exposure ............... SI.99 
15 Exposure Disc .......... S2.99 
24 Exposure.. . . .. .. . . .. ... S3.89 
36 Exposure ............... S5.99 

* 110, 125, 135 and Disc, C-4I process only 
.. Except weekends and holidays 

Ofrwr good through 9/10/H. 

UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE 
Q-008 

University of California, San Diego 
La ..Jolla. Ca, 92093 

Computer/Electronics Department 
Phone: 452-4291 

Monday-Friday 
8:00am-4:45pm 

Saturday 
IO:ooam-4:00pm 



• 

Edito'rial Calumnist 

New housing need not 
hurt graduate students 

Personal computers: 
Jumping ~he gun? 

Construction of 225 new housing units at UCSD will both ease the 
increasingly acute housing sh6rtage and make it more difficult for 
students (especiaUy married graduate students) to meet their financial 
obligations. What the Adminstration must strive for is a balance between 
these two factors to find a happy medium, something that has thus far 
eluded their grasp. 

The process through which UCSD finalizes proposals such as rent 
increases (a Byzantine structure made up of committees, adViSOry boards 
and task forces) is obviously flawed, resulting in frustration on the pan 
of the Administration ("we went by the book") and students ("we were 
not adequately represented"). One example of this is that II nO[ice of 
public hearing dealing with the increases was not posted until the day 
of the meeting, despite the fact that Housing and Food Services 
reteived the printed flyers with three weeks to spare. Mark 
Cunningham, associate dean (Housing and Food Services), would do 
well (0 keep an eagle eye on this area in order to help smoO[h things 
out as much as possible. 

With respect to the 225 new units themselves, it seems inevitable 
bO[h that they must be built and that students living in other on-campus 
hOUSing will have no choice but to chip in on the construction costs. 
The campus Accounting Office, however, is constantly juggling programs 
(such as the ludicrous "planned deficit," a policy that promises to . 
forever complicate the approval of new housing by Systemwide), and it 
does not seem unreasonable (0 ask that they keep tight enough rein 
over their debits and credits to prevent a 30 percent hike in housing 
COSts in JUSt two years. 

Another area that is in need of improvement is management of the 
apanments and their grounds. Too often a unit will remain vacant for 
months, wasting money and exacerbating the housing shortage. Mr. 
Cunningham addressed this problem specifically in a letter (0 reSidents, 
so it is a comfort to know he is at least aware of the problem and plans 
to rectify lr this year; time will only tell if he is successful. 

For the shon-term, however, most of this is neither here nor there. 
What must be dealt with immediately are the problems that graduate 
and married students face with respect to the new rem increases. It is 
(00 easy to forget that grad students do a great deal of work for UCSD's 
faculty. 'It would seem logical, therefore , to treat them with as light a 
touch as possible , if nO[ out of respect then at least for the sake of 
keeping them on. 

If the Admmistration decides that it will cut the increases to a more 
reasonable level (and it should), it has only one course of action. Vice 
Chancellor of Business and Finance Herm Johnson must immediately 
contact Systemwide and make arrangements to renegotiate the 
elimination of the hOUSing deficit. This is, as Mr. Johnson will doubtless 
attest , infinitely easier said than done , but it should be done 
nonetheless. If UCSD can convince Systemwide (0 aUow it to return to 
its original five-year payoff scheme wjthout delaying the construction of 
the new hOUSing, the problem will be solved . And everybody will win . 

By JAMES RALPH PAPP 
Apple Compur~r's Iatea advertiK~nt 

predicts that soon th~re will be only two 
kinds of pmple: tho~ who use 
computerS and those who use Apples. 
Texas l{lStnlments, according to meir 
latest ad campaign, thinks that will 
include three )'tar olds. Dan Rather may 
have no opinion about it, bur he knows 
the subject makes an a!tractive mini-
series of reports on the evening news 
(nOl simply due to our being able to see 
the boltom halves of his no doubt very 
expensive sweaters). But television is 
not the only institution interested in 
computers. This year and next several 
American coDeges wiD require their 
entire freshman classes [0 buy 
computers - about 51600 for each 
student [0 pan with in exchange for an 
electronic companion for the next four 
years. There is an urgency and 
inevitability about the age of computers 
that encourages educators to include its 
language among the basics required of 
everyone, but there is also a novelty 
about the trend that makes one suspect 
that the prophecy of the promised land 
may be nothing more than a liltle 
conspiracy between Silicon VaDey and 
Madison Avenue. 

The coDeges assume, like the 
computer companies. that com\?uters 
will be so prevalent that not only wiD 
everyone be forced to use them, but 
everyone wiD have them. I will not try to 
analyze the real or anificial logic of a 
company such as Texas Instruments 
(which has seen the profits of the 
computer boom slip away because of 
warehouses full of personal computers 
which it is unable to sell fast aproaching 
obsolescence) heralding the onset of two 
computers in every garage. After aU it is 
Madison Avenue which is making those 
predictions for it, and one calls in 
Madison Avenue to convince people [0 
want something they do nOl need and 
to buy something they do not want. 

Nor will I try to figure out why these 
colleges feel it required of them to hurry 
on the vision of the electronics 
corporations of a computer for everyone, 
by forcing everyone to buy one, 
regardless of personal decision or 
personal need - thus creating the 
world 's first impersonal computer. 

The basic question is whether 

Guardian errs on Hyman story 
In our last issue , The Guardian 

reported that visual arts graduate 
student Barry Hyman had illegal 
possesion of over $30,000 worth of 
ove rdue books. Since that anicle was 
published a number of facts have 
surfaced in relation to this incident, 
exonerati ng Hyman of any illegal 
acts or improprieties. While Hyman 
did have 1.000 books in his 
possession , they were all properly 
charged out, and only fIve were 
overdue, for which Hyman promptly 
paid the fines. 

As a mailer of course The 
Guardian would like to take this 
opportunity to clear up the 
inaccuracies of this anicle and 
attempt to recount what has indeed 
proven to be true. 

First of all , the books were never 
"missing." All of the books in 
Hyman 's possession were charged 
out'in the proper manner. However, 
because of the Iibrary's filing system 
it is difficult (in fact it took 143 
man-hours to complete thiS 

investigation) to determine how 
many books a given person has. At 
this point in time the library has no 
policy on the amount of books a 
person can check out. 

at Central Library. Sometime on or 
about the 16th. library officials 
decided to move the books to 
Central to facilitate the investigation . 

By this point, campus police were 

---Erratum--
When library officials learned on 

September 14 that Hyman had an 
inordinate number of books checked 
Out they first contacted UC 
Systemwide Legal Services to see if 
they could enter his Mandeville 
studio (not his home) to ascertain 
exactly how many books he had 
charged out. Once they entered 
Hyman's studio on the 15th and 
realized the number of books in his 
possession , library officials decided 
to move the books to the Slide 
Library at Mandeville to fill out 
charge cards on the books to 
compare them to their own records 

informed of the Iibrary's action but 
did not then or ever become 
involved in the case. No report was 
taken and no charges were filed . 
The reference to a felony crime and 
possible jail term was in response to 
a hypothetical scenario posited by 
The Guardian and should have been 
labeled as such. 

The Guardian regrets any 
inconvenience this anicle caused 
bOlh Mr. Hyman , whose library 
privileges were temporarIly revoked , 
and the Central Library 
Administration for the many 
inaccurate details it contained . 

! 

everyone will need and have one. In 
itself it is too long a question to answer 
here, bur one can refer to other 
technological inevitabilities of the past. 
After 30 years we are beginning to 
realize that the personal automobile Is 
nOl so necessary as we thought it was 
after the war - when the climate was 
right lOr Detroit and the oil companies 
to indirecdy and direcdy contribute to 
the dismanding of America's urban tram 
systems. . 

Appliances, if th~ have nOl, like the 
miniature hot dog ovens of a few years 
back, gone the way of aD flesh cookers. 
we generaDy use out of habit rather than 
convenience, for example having to 
rinse every dish before putting it in the 
dishwasher. Television (and the 
advenisers like us to think of computers 
as education and entertainment) has 
probably done more hann than good. 
although when it first arrived it was 
hailed as computers are now. Even the 
telephone, considered a necessity in 
America. is often considered 
unnecessary abroad. 

Of course if the computer realy is 
useful and necessary to everyone, then 
everyone ought to have one (ailhough 
should not be forced to have one). 
However, as Oscar Wilde said about 
another pot of gold at the end of the 
technological rainbow, "The value of the 
telephone is the value of what twO 
people have to say." Descriptions of the 
use(ulness of the telephone and 
computer tend to leave humans behind: 
the value of a computer is the value of 
what one person has [0 put in it. That 
may be ex(£l\iive and OIht:rwise tedious 
mathematical calculations. or it may be -
video games. or it may be programming 
the alann clock and Mr. Coffee. 

Some rasks, such as music, require 
human emotion. Some, such as visual 
art . require a belter medium than bright 

tum to 5 

Edilllr 
Tim August 

MIIIIIIinIEdilGr 
Phil Liuder 
Copy Edll« 

James Ralph Papp 
GmeniMan.u 
Chnsline Milke 

AsIociae Ge_1 MaJupn 
Lmda Ltwis 

ValerlC' McMuU.n 
Opinion EdItor 
Thomas Rankin 

A.oci8Ir Nr<rs Edllon 
MIke Greenberg 

LIsa lapm 
haura Editor 

Chris Young 
Ana Editor 

Andrew ~~r 
A~AnsEdltor 

John Nte 
s.,- EdItor 
Jeff Savase 

Photo EdiIOl' 
R.ch PecJack 
Typaeuas 
J~ DeSIderio 

Chris 05lrrwalder 

The UCSD G-.IIIn 15 pubhsh~d 
Moll days and Thursdays durtng lhe 
academ.c Yair by Sludents al UCSD. 
Reproduaion or _ Wlthoul permISSion of 
any ponion of I his ntwspapcr IS strictly 
prohIbited. NOt responSIble for unsolicited 
m~nu!iCripts or an. 

Our off.ce IS located southeast of lhe 
Rtvellc PtOllOSl Office on the UCSD 
c.unpu. The Busllless orner 15 open from 

~ Jm Il) noon ,md I pm to ~ pm Monday 
thrnugh Frtday . 

~ub5C"ptl"ns will be maIled for S I ~ IX'r 
qu.lncr 

lleiliteIrllleiliteIrllleiliteIrllleiliteIrllleiliteIrllle 
~elrlletterllleilit<eIrllleilitelrlnteiliteIrln<ettit<e 

Will AS close the door on the Birdcage? 
An Open leiter to AS President Craig Lee: 

I see that this year's Grand Opening 
controversy is to be the funding of the 
Birdcagt Revitw. Hm! This seems to me 
an unfortunate and unnecessary venture: 
The AS has the opportunity to suppon a 
serious-minded publication that 
produces, that mainrains a high degree 
of commitment and integrlry. that 
encourages a more altentive attitude 
towards undergraduate anwork at 
UCSD, that brin~ favorable attention to 
the school, and that is to me, at \east, a 
pleasure to read. 

At the very moment you contemplate 
doing away with the Birdcage. I read in 
the L.A. Timts that San Diego State is to 
become the home of fielion lnlemational, 
a highly regarded literary review. 
Certainly the Birdcagt does not have the 
reknown of Fl; it dots have the 
creditable feature of publishing for and 
being published emirely by 
undergraduates. Why should you 
concede UC San Diego's academic Ans 
publishmg domain to another school? 
ThiS is regrettable. State's policy is 
prudent: it sees a way to expand its 
forum. to provide for more student 
involvement, and to draw attention to 
itself. You must understand that [0 deny 
funding to the Birdcage is not an isolated 
action, whether you consider it [0 be or 
not Your decision. which is comrary to 
the AS Council's, helps [0 define an AS 
Arts policy, or haphazard lack of one. 

Again I advise you [0 reconsider: on 
what grounds do you justify the Birdcage 
[0 be too expensive to suppon? There is 
no way [0 itemize IlS <OS! in proportion 
tOIlS contributions or presence. Your 
opinions. then, can reflect none other 
than yo!-u own disdain for and lack of 
desire to have a vigorous Ans 
communiry at UCSD. True, the Birdcage 
is nOl the sole element of this 

communiry, but it is a viral one. To 
dismantle this communiry cog by cog is 
to go far towards wrecking it. It's stiD 
frail and tentative. Why render it trivial 
and isolated? Why go to the trouble to 
quash it? 

Be prudent: the steps you are arguing 
for extend far beyond the realm of cOst-
effectiveness, which I am sure is on 
your mind. 

I hear that you art considering a 
reduced operating budget, at least. How 
gracious. I piry the inordinate number of 

Pictures aod Writing people who are 
condemned to find expressive outlets in 
rags and broadsides that are mimeo·d. 
xeroxed, poorly laid out, and ill-proofed. 
I laud grassroots literary endeavors, but 
what hand does the AS wish to have in 
them? Why strive to tum the BeR into a 
publication that, as one of my friends 
puts it, would be indistinguishable from 
the spate of liule run-offs that are found 
beneath the windshield wipers of the 
cars in the parking lots? 

I laud grassroots endeavors, yet I 

urgemly feel the need for something 
more substantial , something mat may 
proVide the Pictures and Writing people 
with an audie.nce. What do you hold 
against the clean and tidy appearance 
that reflects care, emhusiasm. and 
craftsmanship? 

However, I do not laud your attempt 
to make a grassroots publication of 
something that directly involves a very 
large community of students, and 
indirectly touches an even larger one. ~ 

Eric Paul La Brecque 

Are those Apples going bad? 
conlinULd from 4 
computer Screen colors. however many 
thousand the computer <;an reproduce. 
Some, such as political and literary 
mlOslation, .require human delicacy and 
instincts and perception. There are 
translating computers. used for the 
preliminanes 0 translaring technical 
manuals - rather Simplified but very 
quick electron ic two-language 
dictionaries. However. Isaac Bashevis 
Smger, the Nobel laureate, who writes 
mostly m Yiddish , said in an interview 
(for the San Francisco English-speaking 
Union-produced program The Stale of 
lhe Language) that nm in the next 5 

million yeats would he choose a 
computer before the worst translator for 
one of his -books. There are human 
things which only humans can 
understand . 

Let us assume. difficult as it IS. that 
computers will be as prevalent and as 
universally useful as their apologIsts, 
paid , profiting or disintercsted. tcll us 
they will be. Let us assume that they will 
be nm only an advantage but a necessity 
in every profession . not only in decades 
but in the next four or five yeats Is that 
a reason for a college to compel all Its 
students to buy a $1600 computer. one 
that is (a) uniform for every 

Crossword answers 
ACROSS - 1. COWARD 3. SAENS 5. BERUN 9. DOT 11. LYRIC 12. BASS 

13. TENOR 14. ROCK 15. PP 16. ORGAN 19. GRACE 21. SCAT 24. GLEE 
25. RUN 26. BEATLES 29. OBOE 32. TORCH 34. POPS 

DOWN - 1. CONDUCTOR 2. BE 3. SILLS 4. AN 5. BUN 6. STRING 
7. FLUTING 8. PITCH 10. HARP 12. BOP 17. BUGLE 18. UED 20. ACCENT 

22. CARUSO 2J. TENORS 27. UCJ( 28. SO 30. BEN 31. EAR 33. 0P 

undergraduate. lit major. chern major 
and engineer. without consideration of 
need for particular design or capacity; 
(b) perhaps completely unsuitable or 
redundam for the student's later 
employment; (c) perhaps useful for later 
employment or a household but useless 
for a student; (d) racing towards 
laughable obsolescence and neglIgible 
resale value In four yeats; and (e) a hell 
of a 1m of money? Even if the computer 
is perfect. this approach to it is nol. 
These colleges give the appearance of 
haVlng panicked after the latest Apple 
advertising campaign. They are taking 
an extreme rather than an intelligent 
aproach to computers. 

One would have thought a college, of 
all institutions. would have reacted to 
the "computer age" with method rather 
than madness. A coUege should be the 
first place to recognIze the individual 
and encourage personal responsibility 
and decision . On the other hand , there 
is hard competition among American 
colleges for new students. and the one 
that can offer home video games is the 
one that has the edge. 

HEALTH CARE r~-------------------------~-------I rllEt: SKlII'fG· 
: SkI rlU 01 our moIYlng carpdld SkI Jllachlne. . -.J----_ 

If you 're plannin" a caret'r in 
Ihe heahh care field, you 
OW(' it 10 yourS('lf 10 find OUI 
aboul tilt' Air Foret'" Health 

Proft'~<i()nal Scht)larship 
Prng, .,m . 

Qu •• ltfit'd \ . ... . (ililt·u;, (an 
re{t' I\'I' ;'( h()lar~hips for 

m(~11< ,Ii "Iwo\. 
Our '( holarships inc ludt' : 

• TUITION 
• BOOKS 
.UBFEES 

• EQUIPMENT 
RENTALANDSH9 
MONTHLY STIPEND 

FOR DETAILS CONTACT: 

USAF MEDICAL 
RECRUITING OFFICE 

3443 Camino Del Rio South 
Suite 206 

San Diego, Ca. 92108 
or 

call MSgt Jim Dacier collect at 
(619) 293-6204 

I Try SJQJ1)111CS8 slalom courses as featured In 
I SIUIIYG magulne (Sept. '81), 11Ils oIfu good for 
I eJPCrimc:ed skiers only with this ad and 
I by appointment. ~ L ____ ~L~J~~~~2~~L~ ___ _ 
: rlovice Siders 
I .BtI'odactory lalon - 1 for 1. 
: TWo people ski lOr th~ price of one, 
I Equipment Included, 
: __ £a!!. !?~~nt'!.e!!!.: olf~ !XJ!.1!!:~10/!.5L!'~ __ 
I /~ 1105 first St, '--....-.;I94-2 .... Qra-nd-A-ve-. --~: 
: ~ Encinitas, Ca. 92024 San Diego, ca. 92109 I 
I SKI SCIIOOLSi (619) ~2-2188 (619) 272-81 I L ____________________________________ ~ 

canterbury Dcl Mar Hair Salon 
Pt..,.UlIft HMstytln! for Men & WoIncn 

Perms • Cellophanes • Colors 

HMaD 
Perms 

reg. $21 
reg. $65 

now $14.70 
now $45.50 

First tt.I CUitoIMrS only. Offer expires 10.10-13. 

Open 7 days at 1011 Camino Del Mltr / Del Mar, Ca. 92024 
(619) 481-6739 



.. 

6 Scpwnbcr 26, 1983 
IlI'l'\ll '''\ 

Good and bad on display 
at San Diego Opera opening 
By JAMES RALPH PAPP 

The San Diego Opera opened its 
season last Friday with Lohengrin, a four 
hour extravaganza produced with 
excellent singing, some impressive 
technical effects and execrable 
costuming. The enjoyment of hearing 
the force of Wagnerian opera 
occaSionally gave way, for this is a visual 
an as well as a musical, to the 
impression of being at a Masons' ball or 
a high school madrigals recital. The 
rhinestone and lame note is stressed a 
little heavily, and the robes suffer from a 
great deal of volume but little effect. 

However, it is wrong to stress the 
negative note fi rst , especially since the 

first note wasn't negative. The orchestra, 
under Theo Alcantara, plays weD and is 
well balanced with the' singers, and the 
brass fanfares are particularly delighdul 
to listen to. 

The backdrops are done with painted 
gauze (scrim), something which gives 
such an interesting efffect 1 prefer niX to 
have the method entirely explained to 
me. The Temple of the Holy Grail 
dissolves into an oak grove , and walls 
vanish either completely or partiaDy, like 
the Cheshire cat, to reveal the singers 
behind them. Or the entire sage can 
vanish behind a swirling pattern which 
can change colors from red ro purple to 

blue . This, if swirling around Ortrud, the 
villainess, for instance, gives the 
impression of her emanating magical 
power. 

1 have mentioned Ortrud, who is sung 
very powerfully by Pauline Tinsley. 
Stephanie Sundine is Elsa, Lohengrin's 
love, and Lohengrin himself was to be 
sung by Peter Hofnlann, whose tonsils 
and their removal took precedence at 
the last minute. He was replaced by 
American tenor WiDiam Neill. Carlos 
Chausson, the Herald, is appearing in 
his eighth production for the San Diego 
Opera, and in the three roles 1 have 
heard him sing he has stood out 

EcODOlllics 101: 

Great Western Savings 
now offers California Guaranteed 
Student Loans for as much as 
$2,500 a year, and even $5,000 for 
graduate study, 

Our Guaranteed Student 
Loans come with guaranteed ser· 
vice, When you apply, you get an 
answer within thirty days, And 
you get your money fast, because 
Great Western is a major California 
lender. 

The low interest rates mean 
monthly payments will be com· 
fortable, even during the first few 
years after school. You can pay 
nothing while you're in school, 
and there is even a grace period 

when you graduate. 
Great Western lends to Cali-

fornia residents and nonresidents, 
as long as the school is in Califor-
nia. Freshmen and half-time stu-
dents are also eligible. You can 
even get a loan from Great Western 
if you already have a Student Loan 
from another lender. 

The lesson is simple: apply for 
a loan through Great Western. Just 
fill out the fonn at your Financial 
Aid Office and send the application 
to this address: 

Great Western Savings 
Student Loan Department 
p.D. Box 1050 
Northridge, California 91328 

GREAT WESTERN SAVINGS 
l§Wt 

A F"d"r.tl s'1I1n)(S .1I1d 1"~111 :\'''1C1'' 1I'~1 
A new i»und of banking 

beyond the ordinary size . The 
projection of his voice is incredible, and 
at the back of the stage with his back 
turned to us he fills the auditorium with 
sound which probably travels a couple 
of blocks down "C" Street as well. 

The crowds move in great swirling 
migrations in this production, which is 
very effective , especiaOy with the very 
large chorus. However, the raw and 
somewhat primitive power one would 
expect from this gathering of tenth 
century nobles does nOl ever materialize, 
because the chorus tends to assemble in 
neat linle rows, the men in electric and 
the women in ice cream colors. The 
costumes occasionally descend to the 
ridiculous, such as the king's at the 
wedding: an aquamarine robe with silver 
blotches and an Imperial Margarine 
crown. The only time when the dothes 
are reaDy powerful is when the nobles 
make ranks across the stage, with their 
silver and gold breastplates and shields. 
Otherwise it was all a bit too charming. 

Prices begin at 57 and go up to 535 
for the four hour opera, which in the 
lower reaches is reaDy very cheap and 
about half of what it takes 10 put it on. 
/.1Jltcngnn continues this Wednesday 
and Saturday. 

AUTO IAlES 
693-1165 or 698-3736 

Ask for Joe 

-

COUNCIL TRAVEL 
BUDGET AlRFAPF$ 

. 

san Frand&co $39ow/$7art 
Houston $115ow/$23O!t 
N.wYorlt $ISOow/$3OOJt 
London $329ow!$6Olrt 
Amlte&dam $324ow/$598rt 
Dua,ldoJ1 $34Oow/$5I9rt 

Copenba~n $36Oow/$595rt 
Stocllbolm $4100w/S655rt 
.Mba .. St'l8ow /$I89rt 
Tel Am $499ow/$869rt 
Hong~ong $435ow/$699rt 
Aucldand $53Oow/$I06Ort 
Sydney $605ow/$121Ort 

Contact 
ClEE/Coundl Tra •• l 
Second Floor. Student Center 

452~O 

There was an euor 
that appeared in the 
ATHLETE'S LACES ad 
of the SepWmber 20 

1Isue 01 the Guard1cm 
The upSration date 

was supposed to 
have read 
BV"I.rft~,c! OCTOBER 15. 

w. regret any 
iDcon ... D1ence this 

mar haft c:auMdyou 

New housing puts the screws 
to married and graduate students 

, ~ 

1'1 'I'" ~"8 re."" ioc",", in ooi""'i~ 00"." 
rental rares has hit UCSD, and the first victims 
are married and graduate students, some of 

whom are now paying 16.7 percent more than they did 
last year. The increase, which is slated to cover 
construction COsts of 225 new undergraduate housing 
units, has touched off a controversy that reaches from 
Scripps Institution of Oceanography to Sacramento (scc 

~ldeb<lr). 
On, one hand is the critical need of additional 

housi"8 "r $tUdents near the UCSD campus, whi~ on 
the other' is the hardship imposed this year on graduate 
students and their dependents. That hardship wiD 
become more acure nut year, when undergraduarrs and 
graduate students alike wiD face further increases. For 
graduaIC stl¥ienlS living in some units, the compounded 
hikn will mean an increase of nearly 30 percent in just 
two ~ars. 

PesKY Hashemipour, a spokesman for the UCSD Rent 
Coalition. has been sending letters, dil8ing through files 
an4 prodding the adminlsttatiot;t since the rent "bike 
was announced May 16 in a tersely worded notice from 
MarIc Cunningham, associ_ dean or students. 

"AI that point. we ftre nOl given very srraiJhtforward 
answers; said Hashemipour. "We were told, fiowever, 
that we had to accept the relll as is." 

FlOm the outset, Hashemipour claims, adminislrators 
insislrd that the increase was to be used to cover rising 
utility rales and higlwr maintenance costs. BUt UC 
sy~mwide docurnem 507 painted a som~t different 

picture when, on page four, it outlines plans to handle 
the debt service on UCSD's 225 new housmg units: 
.. ... estimated tOlal annual expenses (for the project will 
be) $3,178,000. Annual gross revenues to be generated 
by the project are estimated at $1.905.000 .. The shonfall 
of apprOXimately $1.273,000 would be offset by Income 
generated by existing Group A Housing System facilities 
at the San Diego campus." 

In other words. Sludents living in existing hOUSing 
will pay 40 percent of the debt service on Ihe new 
housing. 

The saga of the 225 new housing units (hereafter to 
be referred to Simply as "the 225") began in March 
1981, when the UC Regents gave initial approval to 
financing for the project. The original plan caRed for 
housing split among three different sites with a cost 
ceiling of 512.5 million. Then disaster struck. 

UCSD, like aD UC campuses, is required to pay for 
housing construction out of funds generated solely 
through rent paid by srudents for on-campus housing. 
The cash required is obtained through the sale of bonds 
to the pmlic, which the university is obligated to pay 
off over time with interest. 

JUS[ after the MaJeh, 1981 meeting, those. interest 
• rates rose above 12 percent and, under guidelines set by 

the UC Dortnitory Revenue Bond Act of 1947, UCSD 
was forbidden to seD bonds for housing construction 
until interest IjIII'S dropped back dowri below that level. 

In November. 1982, interest rales had dropped back 
into the green zone, but ~onstruction costs had 

skyrocketed $2 million , prompting UCSD plaRners to 
scrap the ongmalthree site plan In favor of a single site 
which woukl cost only $500,000 more than the original 
512.5 million. Unfonunately, yet another snafu 
prevented them from obtaining the Regents' blessing for 
the 225. -

UC policy dictales Ihat no new housing may be 
constructed If the campus where it is 10 be sited has a 
housing deficit. UCSD operales under what 
administrators caU a "planned deficit ," a budgetary 
anomaly that had 10 be dealt with before conslruction 
could begin. 

Vice Chancellor of Business and Finance Herm 
Johnson's office drafted a five year plan in 1981 10 do 
in the "planned deficit," but that plan was later revised 
to kiD the beast in only three years, so that construction 
of the 225 could begin at an earlier date. 

This revised plan, with its greater per annum drain . 
on UCSD's housing budget, resulted in what a UCSD 
Rent Coalition lener to the Regents tertned as a 
"merciless and unnecessary financial burden on students 
at UCSD." 

That letter also stated, "With the construction in sight, 
the Housing Task Force realized that payment into 
deficit funds from the new building would result in 
Sleep increases for students living in on·campus 
hOUSing (Task force correspondence to H. D. Johnson, 
February 25. 1983). Without considering 
recommendations, they decided to give some of the 
burden of the building COSIS to.graduate/ student families 
who will never receive benefit from the new single 
undergraduate housing: · .. . we recommend that all 
students residing in University housing should pay the 
same share of Ihe IOta I debt serviLe assessed to our 
campus by Syslemwide.rcgardless of which facility they 
reSide m or thel r currenr status. 

Graduate students began p.tymg thei r share of the 
debl scrviLe last Jul>'. It was that increase thai brought 
into play the UCSD Rent Coalillon. apparent 
administrative obfuscation and a panial deferment of 
summer rent that Peggy Hashemlpour will duscuss 
tomorrow with Vice Chancellor Joseph Watson. 

The I"('nt deferment was announced , like the rent 
increase. in ,\ letter from ASSOCiate Dean of Students 
Mark Cunningham. The letter st.ned . "The goal [of the 
deferment I is 10 give those residents facing the largesl 
rent Increases addillonallime 10 develop a financial 
plan 10 cover Ihe increased rental l'Osts." The leiter goes 
on to outline a plan wherc residents pay from 20 to 23 
dollars less per month over the summer, Ihe lotal sum of 
which IS due on OClOber 1. Whether or not 
financial aid packages will help students cover this 
payment remains to be seen. 

The 225 is a complex Issue. but at least two things 
are clear: UCSO's housing problems will be paniaUy 
alleviated , and students Will bear the financial burden of 
this for years 10 come. The UCSD Rent Coalilion 
remains unconvinced that tht! benerils are wonh the 
cost. 

"We're looking for a rate Ihat people can pay," says 
Hashemipour. "Wc're hoping that we can gCt 
approximately a ten percent rate increase thiS year. 
Everyone realizes that , given our situation . there's going 
10 be I"('nt increases, bUI we don 't want to have such a 
lalltc one." 

- Thollla Ranllin 

WORKSTUDY 
STUDENTS ' 

SOFT CONTACT LENSES 

• 

W I 
The Library needs student 

employees with work/studyf 
Work/study jobs are available in 

the Central Library and all 
branches. Call 452-3063 or come 
in to the Library Personnel Office 

2nd ftoor Central Li~r-,ftI 

One Hour Service in most cases 
... a.UDES: 
Contact lenses, examination, 
patient training, follow up, 
chemicel cere kit end fitting. 
IXIIteID MAl ..... 
ONLy ...... 

THE CLASSICAL EYE 
La Jolla WIIgc SquIre 

(Inside the MIll; Lower Lew!) 
8657 WIe La Jolla ~. Suite 136 

451-7374 



.. 

Who's saying what? 
"SUBJECT: Increase in Rental Fees for Graduate 
Students 

"I am disrutbed at the way that this round of fee 
increases has been handled. I remember that last faU , 
when this issue first surfaced at a Dcpaltment Chairs 
meeting, \W were pacified by being told that nothing 
had been decided, and that the Dcan of Graduate 
Studies was on the committee concerned and that 
ensured that the interestS of the graduate program 
would be looked out for. 

"I now learn, first by reading about a demonstration 
in the newspaper, that it has been decided that rentals 
for the married student (-graduate student) housing 
will go up something like 541.00 a month . I have also 
learned that the foUowing year, ~nts are to be 
increased by another 14 percent With compounding, 
this will be over 30 percent in rwo years. 

"These tremendous increases cannot but have 
serious repercussions on our graduate program. Fifty of 
our 184 graduate students live in on-campus housing. 
The graduate division is currently discussing the 
necessity for changing present funding patterns in 
order to devote more resources to attracting better 
students, yel il also seems to be acceding to a plan 
which will negate other efforts to improve the graduate 
program. 

"In light of these considerations, I do not understand 
why the departments with large graduate enrollments 
at least were not kept informed. As it is I detest the age-
old administrative trick of meeting opposition, pulling 
back and then presenting afail accompli (preferably at 
Christmas or summer). 

"I resent very much having been pacified , and luUed 
with implied promises offurther consultation, so that a 
maner would be dropped . 
" Is there really nothing that can be done to keep rent 
for graduate students from rising over 30 percent in 
two years?" 

Richard Rosenblatt, chairman of 510'5 Graduate 
Department, In a letter (dated July 13) to R. Aniyeh, 
dean of Graduate Studies and Research. 

"My office has received numerous telephone calls 
and letters from students at the University of 
California , San Diego Campus, in regard to rent 
increases in student housing, 

"It is my understanding that the UCSD Campus is in 
the process of approving construction of new student 
housing units. Since there are no State or federal 
monies being used to finance the construction, the 
University must absorb the cost of the proposed 
projects, Apparently, UCSO has decided the best 
solution to the question of financing - that is, new 
units - is to raise the rent in the existing student 

"The least UCSD could do would 
be to assure them increased pay 
or financial aid to meet their 
increased expenses." 
housing projects, This has resulted in the 
recommendation that the debt service for new housing 
be charged to the current student residents based on 
the square footage in each existing unit 

"Needless to say, the students are very concerned 
about the proposed rent increases, as they feel the 
financial impact will gready affect them. 1 would 
appreciate it if you would be kind enough to look into 
this matter for me so that this office may have a beller 
understanding of the problems the University is facing 
in regard to the student housing issue. Here in San 
Diego we have less than a one percent vacancy in rental 
UOlts, Consequently, it would be vety difficult for these 
students to find adequate housing elsewhere in the 
community. 

"Your prompt anention to this maner would be 
appreciated. I look forward to your response ." 

William A. Cra~n, California State Senator, 38th 

District, in a lener datrd August 8 to Dr. Uavid Gardner, 
president of the University of California. 

"Re: Recent Rent Increases for Married Graduatr 
Students 

"I am writing to express my concern for recent 
reports that married students residing in on-<ampu5 
housing may be facing rent increa5es tOOIling 30 
percent over the next two years. Such an inc~. 
coupled with a likely 5150 increast in fees for the 
coming year (and who knows what for 1984~5), mug 
have a Significant impact on attracting and retaining 
graduatr students. I am nOl 5ure how \W will attract 
JPQd new students with thac CO&lS and the w:ry 
Umited optiOns \W haw: to provide financial saippon. I 
gather we can expect something like a three perce .. 
increase in salaries for TAs and RAJ for next year, 
hardly e.nough to keep pace with the increases in renfS 
and (ees . that haVf been anqounced. Needless 10 say, 
our graduate student employees are nOl rree to lP 
outside the University to seek additional employment. 

"In this context, with students' hands tied, the least 
UCSD could do would be to assure them increased pay 
or financial aid to meet their increased expenses. Sintt 
the rental decision appears to be a local one, I would 
urge you [0 do aU in your power [0 see that no increase 
or at most a modest one is put il1lo effect next year. 
Perhaps a new formula could be developed that would 
not require renters in existing housing 10 pay increased 
rents to support the expansion of the housing stock. Or 

perha~ new construction could be postponed for a 
year, offering students a respite from annual increases. 
I am sure \W win have to find Sotne way to assure that 
rentals cover the run costs of housing. bur at the same 
time \ft must be responsive to the needs of our 
graduate students. I appreciatr any usiscance you can 
otTer in this matter - the quality of our SlUdems' live 
and of our graduate program itself is al stake." 

Thomas Dublin, vice chair of the Dcpamnem of 
History, in a letter dated july 29 to Richard Aaiyeh, 
dean of the Office of Graduate Studies and Research. 

... Looking for Som~hing? 
You cart find it at 

International 
Gifts 

Prinrs Cards T-Shins 
Posters Pnnrs GiflS Cards Mugs T·Shlrts IItdspreads 
Posters Prinrs GlflS Cards Mugs T-Shin~ Bedsprnds 
Posters Pnnts Gifts Cards Mugs T·Shins Bedspreads 
Posters PrintS GlflS Cards Mugs T:Shms Bedspreads 

Posl~rs Pnnrs GiflS Cards Mugs "·ShIIlS Bedsprnds 
Posters GlflS Mugs 8edspmkls 

Student Poster Special 
5 posters for the price of 4 * 

+(The least expensive poster IS free) 
i.:x[mes Septemocr 30, 1983. 

Olfer with this ad - \ , 

. , 

International Gifts 452-7755 
University Towne Centre, next to the Broadwa 

.History of UCSD 
Chapter One: 
Revelle 

By JAMES RALPH PAPP 
This artICle, I hI! first of fivl! on thc making 
of UCSD, is the result of conversations with 
Revtlle Provost Dr. Thomas Bond, former 
Revtllt Provost Dr. Paul Sallman and Dr. 
Roger Revelll!. I would like to thank them, 
and I would also like to thank Mr. Marc 
GII/e/sohn of the Cluster IlndtrgradLlllIt 
Librory Jor help in research. 

In 1892, Berkeley biologists began \ookins for a sitr for a marine 
\aboneoty, and in the summer of 1903, 
with local financial assisrance they 
instded themselYa in the HtUl del 
Coronado boathouse. By 1905, San 
Di.,'s Marine Biological Association 
had consaucred a smaD wooden 
~.,ry for them at Lajolla Coft, and 
In 1912, the UIOCiation ttansferred aD 
its asRts 10 the Uniw:rsity of California. 
The Regents decided in 1957 to develop 
Scripps Institution of Oceanography into 
a general UC campus, and that was the 
befnninf of Rew:IIe College, the first 
college 0 UCSO. 

One of the things that characterized 
UCSO and contributed 10 its immediate 
academic reputation is the fact that it 
was 'built from the roof down " . 
beginning as a graduate schooi and 
accepting undergraduates later. In the 
1950s, Scripps Institution (Roger Revelle 
had ~come director in 1951) began 
planntng a school in basic sciences for 
ilS graduate students, who for work 
ouuide of oceanography, had to go to 
UnA or Berkeley. San Diegans VOted to 
8M it 50 acres of land. Howevu, the 
pIIIns far the gradUltr school.J!bidl 

_ ~ established in 1958, woe~ soon 
overtaken with plans for the UnMrsiIy . 
Nearly 500 more acres \Wre wted for 
UCSD, and in 1964, the Marines 

delivered the 500 acres of Camp 
Matthews. In 1964, First College, later 
Rnde, joined the School of Science 
and Engineering. admitting a freshman 
class of 181. 

Ninetren Sixty-four was also the year 
that the Irvine and Santa Cruz campuses 
opened - also the year the troubles at 
Berkeley scaned in earnest whrn Mario 
Savio gave a speech for the FSM on the 
top of a police car ttapped by a crowd. 
The opening of so many campuses at 
one time (and in those terms three is a 
greal, e~n unheard of number) came 
from the fear in the 50s and 60s of 
incredible population growth in 
California. In fact UCSD was originally 
scheduled to grow at the ratr of 800 
new srudents a year, eventualy to reach 
27,500 in the early 19905. In time, the 
population growth and the money dried 
up, and the schedule was shelved, 

Those 27.'00 srudents \Wre to be 
taught in 12 primarily academic 
colfeges, unlike Santa Cruz, for instance, 
where the colleges are primarioy 
residential rather than academic . Each 
college was to havc its own lower 
division requirements and classes, with 
some upper division crossover among 
colleges, and each was 10 offer only a 
few of the University'S majors. The 
intention was 10 havc not only a more 
personal academic environment, but 
also some competition between coneges 
and to haw: a residential and social 
akemadve to fraternities and sororities, 
institutions UCSD wamed to awid 
having e..hIished "oand it. 

Research was another important pan 
of the idea. for undergraduatr qua\ity 
depends on academic reputation. 
UCSO, after ai, had been founded on a 

Now's the time to think about 
your coIIeoe ring Not JUSt any 

ring- a 14K Gold College Ring 
"';:;;"'_'-'" . from ArtCarved. The karat gold 

jewelry thaI's designed and hand· 
crafted lor lasllng value. 

And rcw an AltCarved 14K Gold 
College Ring is more a"ordable than you 
think Choose from an entire collection 01 
14K Gold ArtCarved College Rings and 
save S2S. This oller is fOla hmited time 
only, so come in and see all the great 
ArtCarved styles with the custom options 
that can let you have the ring 01 )'OUr 
choice. the way you WWlI it. 

DATE: Sept. 26-30 
TIME, 9~:OO 
PLACE Bookstore 

So graduate III style Graduate to gold! 

Oepos.t ReQu"eo • MaSI..c.,d ()t V'IA Acctpleo 

NaItwIg ............ goId. 

UCSD's first college: the /lamesa/Ie oj Roger Revelle. 

research institution and had been a 
graduate before an undergraduate 
college. Now UCSO is one of the top 
four or five universities in the country 
for the amount of Federal research 
money received. 

UCSO's strength in research money 
originaDy led SOllIe pppIe to hope for a 
cream of the crop i~ications: as a 
smaI coUege with a smaD student body 
and relative\y large number of very 
distinguished professors, ReveRe 
certainly offered itself as an alternative 

to targe classes and being pushed into 
majors that created complaints at 
Berkeley. Our original low teacher-
student ratio is now higher than those 
of Riverside and Sana Cruz. Class size 
here is now more or less limited only by 
architecture, 

The bver division requirements 
which Rewllc CoIJege insdnxed \Wre 
very rigorous and are SliD, although they 
have eroded somewhat OriginaDy there 
was only to be one level of every course, 

tum to II 

r--**-j(;NE:[fpsPEciAi-**--1 
• INCLUDES: Actust IIOIIIes - most cars. new plugs. service batt8IY. check compression. check • 
• cooling system. adjust caburator. set timing. BY APPOINTMENT. • 

: $H $49 : 
• ~9 • 
• IWSUN, TOYOTA. HONDA \'OLVO •• cyI., DASHER, ALfA - ROMEO - • cyI., • 
• (MOST MODELS) 1lAIIIT, RAT, TRIUMPH, MG 2 - CARS, fIMW. - cyt, • 
I I 
: SUN ~~ IMPORT CAR I. 
I ~ REPAIR SPECIALISTS • 
: 578-8536 Engine CNerhauls. Ring & Valve Jobs, I 
• ,. -U Brake Wen.. Catb. <Nerhauls, Clutches, I 
,,555-<: IIIlIclr MouNaIn Road COMPLETE SERVICE. .. I 

--------------------------------' 

Third World Studies 
Fall 1983 Courses 

The following courses will satisfy requirements for 
majors and minors in the Third World Studies Program: 

History 1.aA: CoIonlql History of Latin America 
History 1.wQ: Colloquium On Latin American History 
History 146Q: Topics In Latin American History 1820-1910 
History, 189Q: Uterature and Society In Republican 

China 
Ut/Gen 150: Chinese Uteroture In Translation 
Ut/Engllth 1121: Development of Afro-AmerIcan 

Uterature 
lit/Spanish 137: Caribbean Uterature: A Carpentier 
L"/Spanllh 163: Spanish Language In America 
All students Interested In developing a Thltd World Studies major 

0( minor please call 452-3276 or come by TCHB 121, 
third College Campus 



.. 

Batteries 

"0" Size 
Was S3.00 . 

flO"" 
S1.99 

"C"Slze 
Was S3.00 

NO'N 
SI.99 

"M" Size 
(4 PackJ 

Was 54.30 

NO"" 
12.99 

"W'Slze 
Was S3.00 

"dI" 
SI.99 

Offer expires September 30th 
NO LIMIT 

University Bookstore, 0-008 
University of California, San Diego 

La Jolla, California 92093 
Computer /Electronla Department 

Phone: 452-4291 

********************* 

: ACT NOW!: 
il * 
il * il 
il 
i' 
i' 
il 
i' 

i' 
i' 
i' 
i' 
i' 
i' 
i' 
i' 
i' 
i' YOU CAN ATTEND UCSD AND ! ALSO EARN A COMMISSION IN 
il ' THE U.S. NAW OR MARINE 
i' CORPS. SCHOLARSHIP AND 
i' NON-SCHOlARSHIP PROGRAMS * 
: AVAIlABLE. CONTACT THE NROTC : 
i' UNIT FOR MORE INFOI * 
il 293-4811 * 
• ******************** ~~~~~Food Serviees,!!' ~~~=iiiiiiiiI 

Weleoutes You To CaJUpus • 
Warren GrID: 

At Warren College 
Mon-Thurs 7:30am-3:00pm 
Friday 7:30at}1-2:OOpm 

La Casa & Muueh Box 
at Third College 
LaCasa 
Mon-Thurs 7:15am-3:00pm 

featUring: 

Friday 7:15am-2:00pm 
MunehBox \ 
l\lon & \Ved 9:00am-6:00pm L 
Tues &Thurs 9:00am-7:00pm : 
Friday 9:00am-4:30pm _ 

Seripps Snaek Bar: ~5 
atSIO 
l\lon-Fri 7:30am-4:00pm 

A Dining CoUlUlOUS at 

ReveUeDeU: 
at Revelle Campus 

Mon-Thurs 7:30am-8:00pm 
Friday 7:30am-4:00pm 

C1ubMed: 
at S.OM. 

Mon-Thurs 7:00am-2:30pm 
Friday 7:00am-2:00pm 

The RathskeUer: 
at Muir College 

Mon-Thurs 7:30am-8:00pm 
Friday 7:30am-3:00pm 

Sat & Sun 12:00am-4:OOpm 
*Regular hours 

listed effective 
Sept. 26, 1983. 
~--------------------I 

Muir - ReveUe - Wa.e.eeu I I I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

Get Acquainted Coupon 
{jooe! li)J' liW 011' plII'Chusc pricc 

ut UI1\' Food Sen'lces L'Ush 
lacility uillil Septemocr 30, 1963. 

(Try '1111rel Collq,(c 'nI ls Yeur. 
'nlis coupon ~()C)d li)r ~()~ 011' tJlcrc.) Try Us - You'D Like Us: 

History: 
Revelle 

continued from 9 
wilh no divisions beween, say, math for 
math majors and poet's math. The 
ReveOe humanilies sequence was also 
twice as long as it is now. Originally six 
quaners, after student protest, the 
option of replacing the last three with 
social science was given. There was also 
to be an integrated natural sciences 
sequence, a concept which proved too 
difficult to cany out. One o( the major 
erosions occurml in linguistics, where a 
Iangu. proficiency requirement was 
replaced by a requirement for a set 
nUmber of quaners. 

The number of requiremenu at 
ReveOe is one of the reasons ReveDe 
students identify memKlves with their 
college, and its longer history Ihan Ihe 
other colleges is another. However, the 

• 

college srstem, with the coOege the 
center 0 academic life. has in some 
ways nOI survived pas the foundation 
of colleges in addition to ReveUe. Now 
one can major in any subject al any 
college. which if it does not increase 
student loyalry 10 the depanmem 
decreases the interest in the coUcge. 
Professors also look to their depanmems 
for their benefits. In addition. now 
graduate SlUdenl5 are not affiUated with 
any panicular coOege. Since the time 
that Revelle was the only coOege, greater 
freedom and depanmcm \oyakies have 
made coOege divisions less imponam, 

. often easily ignorable. 
Of course, Revelle College has been in 

existence for just less than twO decades, 
which in the ordinary lifespan of a 
college, hardly completes the formative 
)'Ors. An academic institution goes 
through a consrant evolution. But the 
dll'ce uni...ersities established in 1964 

. were in many ways ready-made colleges, 
with pre-planned academic and . 
residential systems and rates of growth. 
When one cultivates a universiry rather 
than allowing it to grow on its own, 
surprises necessarily occur. and if the 
original plans are good oncs, so do 
disappointments. 

AS Forum 
continued from 2 

In the [irsl of a [wo part series on the 
hierarchy of the Associated Students, 
queslion of this kind. Once a vote receives 
20% plus two-Ihirds affirmalive , it 
becomes a Regents ilem. 

How do you plotl to change the 
constitution? 

I want 10 ~et il up as a bicameral 
legislalUre , with a legislative side and a 
financial side. This way studems 
wouldn't have 10 face Ihe whole council. 
They would go before a house similar 10 
Ihe aClivity fee board thai would have 
Ihe power to aDocate up 10 about $250 
at a lime, so Ihe legislative side of Ihe 
AS wouldn't be nickel and dimed to 
death as far as lime goes. A fee 
allocation would Ihen go directly 10 the 
preSident for a possible Signature of 
veto. 

Do you thmk that would divide and 
weaken the power oj the councU relative to 
the president, or would you include In your 

Get to the answers faster. 
With the11-55-ll. 

What you need to tackle to perfonn complex calcula-
the higher mathematics of a tions - like definite integrals. 
science or engineering cur- linear regression and hyper-
riculum are more functions - holics - at the touch of a 
more functions than a simple button. And it can also be 
slide-rule calculator has. programmed to do repetitive 

Enter the TI-55-1I, with problems without re-entering 
112 powerful functions. ' You the entire fonnula. 
can work faster and mOTe Included is the Calculator 
accurately with the TI-55-11, Decision<Making Sourcebook. 
because it's preprogrammed It makes the process of using 

the TI-55-1I even simpler, 
and shows you how to use all 
the power of the calculator. 

Get to the answers faster. 
Let a TI-55-11 ..lis 
show you how. ~ 

TEXAS 
INSTRUMENTS 

Creating useful products 
and services for you. 

plan more S((jts to aCCIlnimodate this 
/)!cameral siruclllre? 

We would probably make more seals. 
I Ihink we'd son of shifl around the 
council to see how il worked . 

Referendums lOr media funding 
There WilS a referendum last year 

concerning the JUndlng of the California 
Review, and the students rejected the Idea 
of funding that newspaper. Do you foresee 
other media budgets being handled that 
Wily? 

What I see is aD Ihe media, 
specificaDy newspapers, going upon 
referendum. There will be a choice of 
gelling aU Ihat they asked for or 
nOlhing. . 

Do you feel it 's possible 10 have a fair 
referendum on specialized newspapers like 
tht Peoplt 's Voia".which serves Ihe black 
students. whose population is a distinct 
minority here? How would you feel 
about a referendum where a largely 
white student body voted to SlOp 
funding on a newspaper of that kind? 

It gets into the issue of alternative 
media. and 1£ it's a minority rype group 
you can aClUaDy put it up for 
referendum. We've got the hlghesl 
media budgel of any Uc. yet one of the 
lowesl working budgel5. and thai is my 
concern. 

A """""I , 
I l["~HI"G 

~Pl"C[ . " ...... -- ... Hands-on-TJme: :~:;..) 
Computrr lJ-OriYe. Avoid impacted 
colfl)Uter labs, long lead times. & 
inconveriient hours. Make written 
assignments professional iYld error 
free with our \NOrd processing and 
~tter quaNry printer. 
EM, Apples, & Commodore 
Equipment. S4/hOur (and up) in 

~ hour segments. First time 50% 
discount with student 1.0. 
Informal advice or formal classes. 
/'IIe)(l1D Ralph's & ~ ~Iy HIlls SaIlIngs . 
---453-7415_ ...... 

-na. ladaeru Comm"nlty at 
VCSD 

Invites you to grOIN in Faith, Hope and 
Love at 

UaIwnIty I.atbe .... CIaarda 
aadSC·,· ... alc..... 

9595 La joUa 5hora DrIve. across 1M street 
from Rcvdc CoIJcQe 

iii 
'ft:.:u:;! 

WonIIIp on SWldays, 11 am lit 7 pm 
(New time) 

.... $lady on Sundays, lOam and 
Wednesdays, 6-.30 pm 

SIIId ... StIppen on Wednesdays, 
6:00 pm 

"Welca or ....... " October 2, 
noon 

I 



00000000000000000000000000000000 

There is still time. . . 
to do a CalPIRG Internship! 

legislative research 
. . . 

campaIgn organIzlng 
media relations 
public interest advocacy 

Rm. 208 St. Center x4873/236-1508 
00000000000000000000000000000000 

'TOSTADA 
DINNER 
Come one, Come all!!! 

Saturday, Sept. 24 
at the 

International Center 

$3.00/ person - Sign up at Int'l 
etr. office. 

000000000000000000000000000000000 

Bulletin Submission Guidelines 
The A. . Bulletin will ,lppei1r In the GlwnllClf! every Monday. 

Bulletin Itcms may be submittcd in lhe "Bulletin" mailbox 111 the A.S. 
Ollicc . I will try to include all Itcm~ ill the wcckly layout . hm\'c\,l'r. 1 
am illl1itedw twO pages and Ifallltem~Jo not lit , l will be (lbligared III 
give priority to thosc Items which have .l clalc or deadline. Othn 
priority Items will be [hose which ,1rc In accordancc with thc 
rollowlIlg guidelincs: 

l) Suhmlt ali items NO LATl:R THAl\ NOON WI.:DNI:SDAY. 2) 
Uscllighl-colored paper 0 L Y. The White onglllall!> prelcrred. n 
dark or bright colors. J) Typc or prlnl all subrnis~illns , clearly. 

Thank you for yi.1ur c,lopcration. II you h,\\'c .Illy qucstlons or 
problems, conmct me in the A.~ . Ollice . or ic,\vc a Il1cs!>age at ;..·H 0 

Sincerely, Lba \/v'agnl'r (C(ll1lllli~S l tHlC r uf PubliC Relalions) 

u concert on Ihe eve of Ihe lenlh anniveNilry of the C(lUIl .. hkh rcmmc<l 
Ihe governmenl or s..lviI<lor Allenoe Gos'len, (II Sc!,lcmber 1973) 

8 p.m .• Monday 15 Augusl 1983 

Suggested donalion : $5 

Mandeville Auditorium 
University or Califorma. San Diceo 
FUllhcr information: (619) 4S2·1013 

. 

~ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo 

Annex Seeks Prospective Lobbyists 
The ASUCSD Lobby Annex is accepting applications. Our 

function is (Q represent the students of UCSD to aU levels of 
government: City, State and National 
Positions Available: National Lobbyist, SBPC Aide, Women's Desk 
Coordinator, State Lobbyist, State Advocate, Local Advocate. Third 
World Desk Coordinator. 
. . 

Experience Nttded: Legislative experience is nO( necessary, 
however, applicants should exhibit an understanding of the 
legislative process, and should be able to negotiate politely and 
diplomatically with public officials. 
Benefits: All positions are on a volunteer basis, however, class credits 
can be negotiated for the Political Science major and nt'inor. Serious 
volunteers will be sent to official functions in Sacramento and other 
UC Campuses throughout the state . 
How to Apply: Come by the AS office to pick up the job descriptions 
and an application. Resume's are not necessary, The AS OlTice is 
located on the second floor of the student center, directly above 
EDNA. 

00000000000000000000000000000000 

International Club Meeting 
The UC D International Club will have its first meeting on Sept. 29 

£1 1 4:00 at the I nternatlonal Center. Eve ryone invited international or 
not! .Help plan excursions and dinners and meet some great people . 
For more information caU the Intcrnational Center at 452-3730. 

00000000000000000000000000000000 

Sorority Rush -
A part of today's tradition 

Panhellenic Information N~ght 
Tuesday, Sept. 27 at 7 pm 
in the International Center 

Rush Week - Sept. 28 through Oct. 1 
~oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo 

The AS meeting for September 28 will be in the B 
Building Conference Room in the student center at 6:30 
pm instead of the North Conference Room. Please note 
this change. 

. It's Time For A Student Union 
Ao IUllioftlf ... conlin ... 10 _', Ii""ncili old prDlllms flee on,Di,.. "lacks, .ffi'm.liv~ Klion 

prDlrlms ilnlukh . • nd Ih~ Unl_tily i nl~Mifiell" drive fo, mllil.'1'.nd mllklry,'~i.'~ ,_.rch. 
lhe need for unliied. coilec1iv .. 'dion I. onc .... in Mcomlnl .ppa'~nl . The AMoci .. ~ Slud~nls h •• 
shown ill I""bilily 10 Inltlll~ .uch action , delpile lhe subslln"aI ,etOU,ces placed.1 i" dlspos.1 To ' 
dell ~ilh I ...... ,.nacks UCSO studen .. need .n orlln'rllion caplble of 'rptesen'in, us, .n 
or .. n""Iioft del'l)ClCratlcaily controlled by u. which II .utonomous from Ihe Uni.~"iIY. 

Such In or .. nizalion would nol _k 10 diJplace Ih~ ~,'SOci'l~ Stud~nlS IS ·offio.1' 
repr ..... nl.I"' ... fo, UCSO slOOel11o; 1""elCllvoidin. Ih,. pilf.iis 0' ',Iudenl JIO","rnmenl ' altogelh~' . 
We .re inler"'1~ in buildin. I Sluden, union independenl of Ih~ univ~fSlly . and Ihul no, .ub;~C\ 10 
in control . An orllniz.tion lib .. to mobillz~ s.udenh ,nd institute major chinlft in this universny.to 
actl",y defend studen .. ' inlerests, .nd 'e:> open up Ihe univer. i,y 10 Ih~ .. nli,e communilY. 

HktOfkilly the adminillr.don ~ been opposed 10 such a union . since J democratic orl~nil~li"' , 
IS Ie.. e.oy 10 control Ihln In A.S. lied 10 Ih~ univ~rslly's Idministrltive meehani.ms. In '9~­
C ... ne ....... McElroy 'deceni'led' the Studenl Cooperll"',. Union Ind i ..... iled ,he ASUCSD. 
Conwquemly. _ of our ""'jor I .. ks wiN be 10 build I Slronl union ••• bow fo, iClion .• union 
which Clnoe be 'anored or swept ••• y by lhe odminiSlration. This "'~"IIh can only be builllhroulh 
parlkipetion. 

The Stude", Cooperative Union (Orpnizin. Suppan G,oup) i. commirred 10 buildin. student 
repNMIIlatioft inctep.ndenl of Ihe University, cilplble of Klin ••• pow~rful fO'Cfl in 'he strullie for 
soda! c ........ from 1974 10 1'177, the Sludenl Coope,.tiv~ Union (SCU) WiS Ihe deflclo studenl 
I __ nt r.", ..... nlln. under&'adu .. ~ studenlS .1 UCSO. Slnc~ Ihe Union's dece,tific.lion . lhe 
Or .. nili,.. Support Group h .. cllrled on Ihe Union's _rk . under I m.ndat. from Ihe Union '. 
chMrpenono . 

0.... the ,... _r.1 ye .... Ihe Slud~nl Cooper.li.e Union hOI pilY~ • key ,ole In bu ildinl . 
c .... "'" proc .. ts; 'rom lhe ",unle ••• in .. UC·GIA 'Ies. '0 numerou, Ii.h" for due proc .... ,1,hlS.IO 
builcllna coHliom 10 rftit! lhe Univenity ', .nli-demoa.lic .nd · anti·~UCllion" prlClic .... Ou, 
......... effornro •• _ .nd seve, lhe Uni ..... 'y of Callfornil '. ties with nol only ,he CIA but Ih~ 
- ",;litary· indUtlrill comple ...... ,ec~nlly been .n'lCIln. ,ncre • ....d ."~nlion. In .ddition . Ih~ 

~."" Support Group hi, contlnu~ the stru •• 1e 10 build IndeFM'ndenl Sludenl repr_n,.roon. 
10 _Illn the Unioft '. contlnui'y .nd 'Kord • . • nd 10 ,ebuild Ihe Union. 

We irwite you to join with us •• nd to work loterher towirds our common I~k. Amonllhe issues a 
Sludenl ~nion could addr_ Ire: Welpon. l.bs/ Milit.ry R ...... rch. Dlvestmenl ' rom Soulh Africa, 
Allir ......... Actioft, §e.'''". Democrl"zallon of Ihe Univ~"ily . Ih~ Drah . Educ.tlon.1 Rights . and 
mo,e. Thew .re.1I issues which .ffect Sludenlt dlrKlly. A . tron8 studenl unioft could .dd, .... lhe.e 
Ind othe, itsues . ,M en,ble us to lake control over our lives. Thaw 0' us workins.round su(h IUUes 
.re currently isot.t.d; it 's time to come tosether-It', rime for a student union. 

Studen" inl~rest~ In workinl wllh lhe Studenl Cooper.llve Union can contact u •• 1 B~21. UCSO; 
~ )alia, CA 9»93. 

··"Mtic;".,ory fhmocrlCY, opHI ,nd Kceulb'. 10 ~II m.mben of soci~Y. is 1'- only ",;rlm~,~ ,U'OC(''IC 
(01 """!"'. po!i'IC,' deciJ;om. Wh!n thwe is common Keen 10 J»"icj,..~ In Cfe~lm" ~"d 
cont,"', ,m'HUftO'.J. ,IMN I, ~'KY. To 'he ext.". our UfM~J'f'" (Md Ofh4Y ;nJd,ullom) ire 
,emowd from weI> ..:c .... ,,,., .,. IlOl democ,lfic. "eedom can"", lie ~, .. ed . .. 

- ..... ell, .... u.... fdnoary 1977 

00000000000000000000000000000000 

Want to Get Involved? 
The A.S. Internship Office (ASIO) needs volunteers for its National. 

San Diego. P.R. and Development staffs to assist students in 
acquiring professional work experience. For more info: dial x4689: 
stop by the office located in the student center above the game room; 
or attend the starr orientation on Sunday, LO/ 2, 12-4 pm, in the North 
Conference Room at the student center. 

oooooooobooooooOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO00000000000 

We serve all your music needs 

-------------------. 

:This Week's: I I 
: Special : 
I I 
I Buy three Maxell UDXL or : 
: UDXLII rapes and receive a I 
I $20.00 tape care kit for free . Or a I 
: Maxell Frisbee. : 
I MUSI pn:scnr coupon - expires 9130/83 I L ___________________ ! 

Your on campus record shop in the Student Center 
I 



14 St:pumbtr 26, 1983 
" I \\ ... 

. '. :-:0 'X -:- ~~. ~... .... ....:-..... . ... -.,. . .. 

Not just for Spanish majors only, but for everyone: beginners, "in between" 
students, and advanced. Put some excitement into your college career!! 

BEGINNER OR ADVANCED - Cost is 
about the same as a semester in a U.S. 
college: $3.189. Price includes jet round 
trip to Seville from New York, room, 
board. and tuition complete. Government 
grants and loans available for eligible 
students. 
Live with a Spanish family. attend classes 
four hours a day, four days a week. four 
months. Earn 16 hrs. of credit (equivalent 
to 4 semesters - taught in U.S. colleges 
over a two year time span) . Your Spanish 
studies will be enhanced by opportunities 

not available in a U .S. cla .. room. 
Standardized tests show our Itudents' 
language skills superior to .tudent. 
completing two year program. in U.S. 
Advanced courses a180. 
Hurry. it take. 8 lot of time to make all 
arrangements. 
SPRING SEMESTER - Feb. 1 - June 
lIFALL SEMESTER - Sept. 10 - Dec. 22 
each year. 
FULL Y ACCREDITED - A Program of 
Trinity Christian College. 

For full information - write to: 
2442 E. Collier S.E.r Dept. F-1, Grand Rapids, Michigan 49506 

(A Program of Trinity Christian College) 

IEAT 1HOSE HIGH 
UNMRSI1Y COPY COSTS. 

• Binding • Passport • Stationery 
• Folding Photos. 

8855 Villa La Jolla 
Drive 

457-3775 
Near Ralph's & 
Sav-on Drugs 

Fast -
Quality 
Service 

Open 7 
Days 

Eulogy for a 
By DAVID SEWEll 

Early in September the large field 
across from the Mesa Apanme"ls was 
cleared. BuUdozers took two days to 
push all the brush inlo se~ral laq;e 
piles, another day or two 10 load the 
brush into trucks and cart it away. Now 
a herd of machines is scraping and 
smoothing the bare earth that remains, 
so me developers can build something 
caBed "Regents Park." You will be able to 
read aU about melr plans in the local 
papers. I am more interested in telling 
you about wha( was there before the 
bulldozers came, for that field was a 
thing that had stood there ever since 
this pan of the world was shaped, to 
borrow a phrase from Tolklen's 
Treebtard Ihe Ent . As a friend of the 
departed, loITer these words as a 
memorial and eulogy. 

liven an admirer of chaparral and 
coastal scrub mUSl admit that our field 
was nOl spectacularly beautifu~ no 
lichen-covered gnmite boulders. no live 
oaks or Torrey pines, neither hill, stream 
nor canyon. Wildlife consi!Ked mainly of 
rabbits and birds; no deer, bobcats, 
mountain lions. No Indian remains that 
I ever discOllere<i; my arthaeological 
finds amounted to an antique tin can, 
rusty barbed wire and an anti-tank 
bullet probably anriln.able to a Camp 
Matthews Marine with lousy aim. 

As you commuted along the footpath 

connecting the North Mesa Apartments 
with UTe, and as you made forays into 
the trackless wilds of the interior, you 
came to undersrand that this field was 
as uniqur as a fingerprint; you learned 

... too much technology and not enough 
caring1 ... not enough docs and other health 
professionals for minorities? .. 

Become a part of the solution: find out 
about the Commonwealth-Health Professions 
Program on Thursday, September 29, 4:00-
5:00 pm in the Warren Provost conference 
room (We 302). Applications are now being 
accepted and are due September 30. Call 
452-3200 or visit quonset 311 for more 
information. 

St:pfcmbtr 26. 1983 15 

"vacant" field 

the intricacies of its whorls and loops. 
The field had four distinc( physical 

regions. The northwest comer, where 
the path began. retained water and 
became marshy in the spring. Then 

Aloha Amigosl 

would 'come poison oa~h grass and 
wildflowers. The parasitical wild 
cucumber vine spread over aU the 
shrubs. As you walked along the path 
you could pick Out its mace-like seed 
pods and white flowers. 

The southwesr comer was a meadow 
of taU grass, dOlled at intervals with 
solitary bushes and criss-crossed by 
animal trails. Most of the interior was 
dense chaparral, mainly chamise, scrub 
oak and sumac. growing so thick as to 
make walking almOSJ impossible. (In ~n 
unpublished sketch, Mark Twain 
Imagined a California miner forced to 
dear brush by hand describing a 
chaparral thicket of this sort: ··St range r. 
it's the G-- d-deSl truck that ever I 
tackled, and it 's nearly Iightnin' 10 hang 
on when you get ketched in it.'") Owing 
to erosion and brush fire, parts of the 
southern and southwestern sections 
were semi-desert. Here agave plants and 
bea\'Crtaii cactus grew on bare ground 
littered with quartz-bearing granite 
stones. 

Ornithology being my weak point. I 
can do poor justice to the many species 
ur birds that lived 10 the Ileld. Most 
noticeable were the California quail who 

tum to 16 

TRY YOUR 
WCK AT TUt: 

foil fesllvol 
tR~green 

WII0LE ElYCllllADAI 
Win a 

TREE TRIP TO IlAWAlI 
with your 

99¢ MEXlCAlY LUlYCn 
r:1f r friday, Oct. 7 llam 

~ .... 10 Dept. of Physical [duaation x40J7 
..... s _ r.. .... -•••••• -•• _ ••••••••• 1 



.. 

16 Stpkmbtr 28, 1983 
1'1 R ..... I'I ( 11\ I " , 

• ~:;:';~~.' ...... ".. < .~ '<-.~ . _,".X' .... *' ~ .{-..... .»:, ~ .... , "'" '<'J: {o~ •• '''' '1.'- , ..... '" ."'-" ," ".'.~ 

Eulogy for a field 
continued from 15 
would bob about: hooting in their manic 
way. The smaller birds were wrens, 
sparrows and towhees, responstble for 
all the ruckus you hear in the brush at 
dawn and dusk. You would see them 
flying in and out of apparently 
impenetrable bushes. I walked through 
the field after the first day of bulldozing, 
and the saddest thing I saw was an 
occasional bird trying to get into one of 
the piles of brush that had been left 
behind. 

You could not walk along the path 
lare in the day without scaring up 
hordes of rabbits. In early summer, 
you'd barely mtSS stepping on young 
ones that hadn't yet perfected the 
timing of their frantic scamper. Other 
mammals in evidence were ground 
squirrels, skunks and coyotes. The laner 
may have been visitors only; at any rare , 
they left their droppings as calling 
cards, There were the usual reptiles. 
with one surprise: a coast homed lizard , 
or homed toad. Unlike lizards, homed 
toads are ill at ease around human 
settlements and generally move OUt 
when the developers move in. Even a 
baby homed toad looks ancient, but this 
one looked antediluvian . The second 
time I found it JUSt at the edge of a 
clearing, and 1 crept towards it as slowly 
as 1 could . I gOt within an arm's length; 
it dId not move . 11 remained motionless 
as I mched out my hand and finally 
stroked ItS back gently wuh one fi nger. 
Only when I rose and walked ofT did it 
retreat into the bush. That homed toad 
is dead today. I am honored to think 
that allowing me to touch it was a form 
of benediction. Doomed itself. it 
conferred upon a human the duty of 
learning and passing on the wisdom 

unique to a homed toad, and thus 
something might survive the work of the 
bulldozers. 

One more "vacant" field erased, made 
truly vacant. It is hard to work up 
enough righteous indignation; this is 
just the latest episode in an old, old 
story, It is panicularly the story of 
Southern California, but as long ago as 
1836 the New York landscape painter 
Thomas Cole could write to a friend : 
'They are cUlling down an the trees in 
the beautiful vaney on which I have 
looked so often with a loving eye. This 
throws quite a gloom over my spnng 
anticipations, Ten this to Durand (a 
fellow anist}--nor that I wish to give him 
pain , but that I want him to JOin with 
me fn maledictions on all donar-godded 
utilitarians." If they were building a 
civilization we could be proud of, it 
might be wonh the sacrifice of the 
mdigenous ecosystem. But what have 
they razed the fields and leveled the 
hills for? "University Towne Centre," for 
one thing, a Panhenon built to honor 
conspicuous consumption,the absolute 
moral and intellectual poveny of which 
is reflected no less In the stupidly 
pretentious spelling of its name than In 
the frivolity and vulganty of its shops. 

They have not managed to kill our 
nameless field altogether. Hawks will 
linger around the fringes and glower at 
contractors. Ants Will rise up 
miraculously from the eanh to invade 
office water-coolers. The weather that 
produced chaparral will play hell with 
ornamental plants ,md three-piece suits. 
Ghost coyotes II ill pISS In condominium 
Jacuzzis. And we who knew the field 
will remember it and protect our friends 
better in the future . 

Levine 
to do 

Workshop 

Stephen uvine 

Stephen Levine is author of who -bies? (Do'ubleday) which is used as a sourcebook 
and handbook of hospices and universities throughout the country. As Director of the 
"Dying Project" for the past five years, Stephen has received apprOlomately 300 calls 
per month over his national "hotline" from the terminally ill, people in deep grief over 
the loss of loved onts, and heakh professionals. Stephen has traveled extensively 
during this time giving lectures and workshops and serving as a consultant to 
hospitals, hospices and service organizations throughout the country. His workshops 
are attended by nurses, doctors, therapists, the terminally iU and people in varying 
levels of grief over personal loss. 

Stephen Levine has aided hundreds of health professionals (0 attain a powerful 
position of "compassionate equilibrium" to best reflect their dedicated service. 
Thousands of people confronting life-threatening illness have been awakene~ from 
hopelessness and confusion and have leamed to deal with the pain and grief of their 
situation. Attend this workshop if you are concerned with being truly effective in your 
work and the positive effec ts it will have on your personal life. 

tephen Levine's first two-day workshop in San Diego promises a weekend of reSult! 
for patients, family members, survivors and health professionals. Health profeSSionals 
will learn how to use speCific techniques, processes and procedures in their work. 
SpeCial attention Will be given to specific patient problems, as well as profeSSional 
Issues such as "armonng" and "burn-ou!." Patients and family members wiD learn how 
to deal with the life-threatening illness with which they are confronted. Questions of 
hopelessness, despair, fear, guilt and pain of loss will be carefully examined, 

Levine's workshop is taking place on October land 2, from 10 am to 5 pm. at the 
Forum Hall in University Town Centre. For more inlormallon, call (619) 488-5515. 

~ ~~ 

The Weekly Calendar 

'J'UUDAY 
, ...... - "I'JIC~ .n!hl!Coties" ~man film with EngI.sh 
Sul>tJtla. UC San Dttg:llnt ... natoonaf Film s...,.,.. Grntral 
1Idrrn""", IS. Studtnts 13. In M~I" .-.00 
lHUIIIDAY 
7 .... - Tony SI""". comedian In !hi! Triton P\JO. Fro.. 
PRlDAY 
• pM - 1<001 Jazz FntlVill Optnong NlgI"( f.atunng 
Sonny Roll", and Betty Cartfl and ntr Trio. J\dmiSSIOrl 116 
acM!nc., 118 at tnt door fa limlttd numlltr of IJCk& art 
iMIilaOlt ill a 13 discount for UCSD studl!nts). In 
Mandi!li!lfe Aud. 
• ... - "Dtob", Dots Dallas" - must tit IB or r:Ntf. 12 in 
HSS 2250. Also at 10 and 12 
IAn.MY 
'2 ~ ... - KooI JiJzz Pknk I ~iKllrlng Huoert 
l.aw5, ~ Marsais. ChIco FrHman. JoIYlny 

C~ B ..... Band Mm.ssion 112.50 <ICMnu, 114.50 
at the doorla NmlttdnumOtroftlCk&ar. __ at~ 13 
diS(DUn( to< UCSD studentsj. AI tnt _'" Soum Lawn. 
7 ............ -1'm1. Sponsortd Dy tnt SaJvacllnilll 
Solidarity COmrTV!te.. Fr .. at tnt Che Ca~. 
.... -1<ooI.Jau:Nllrudtnt80·,Irnt'natlonal. Michel 
~rucdanl & Tanoa Mar"'. MrlUIOO 19 in acMnc • • III. 50 
at tnt door la ilrrvttd numOtr d IJCkets are __ at a 53 
ciScount !:lr UCSD studentsl In MandP\IIIfe Aud. 
SllNlMY 
, ....... - 1<001 .Jazz Plcnk II fNwrong ();oyr Brub«k. 
ear",." Me,.. & Charla Lio)'d 01.0_. I'odmiuIon 
112.50 In adwnc., 114 50 '" the door la limittd nurntrr of 
tickets ar. M"'OIe ill a 13 Gbcount !:lr UCSD slUdrnU/. 
At ~ Souttl Ulwn. 
ACAa •• C..-vla 
MOIIIIIiAY 
, .... , , .. _ - G/lADLl.'lTE SCHOOlIIDIIISlNG. 
f'IiInr*1g on !J'~ schoof lIt¥ UCS01 I'Ite< )'OU 
attrnd li Gr ...... AdIMlng !emINr. drop-in '" till, ~ 
/WId tMk to .. a<MSOI' to< m<n spedtk: or detaled 
intormotfon. ~ t~ Student C..-. INr' 1. A 
"... _ ... _ - On-C.mp~ Int.rvltw.ng 
OrltntaiOn. 1f}OU art .ntertsled In pi. . ,»t.ng .n tn. 
oo-~ intrvorMng thos ~. It IS ldatOf)' that 

you _ 0fY otctWor~ 1ltIOfe)lOU rntMIII!W. 
In h _ FormallDungt. 
, ........... - Drop-tn Houn. Fat quid< qutstlons 
ptnainong to CM_ pIorYwlg, .JOb hunIing. '-
crklqutong, ftC. For men .ndMduai att..-1Iion ~ or 
call 452-37SO tlr an appoonIIntnt WIth .. acMsor. In 
CiII_ Planning IHL lOSS~ 
..... 7100 ..... - GRE ~ CotJrsr. INs p<ep courst tor 
the Gr_. RI!cord EJcam ptO\lldr5 a ~ practic. 
• ...", tor tn. aptitudt ttsl _ well as straegies tor 
""rln9 ~I on tn. _, ar>iIIytJc.aI rssoning. and FNIh 
sectIOnS. Information abOut appI)ing to /WId genIng 
acctpled by 9r_. schools. plus streS ~ 
ItChnIqun WIll also Do pres..-ucl. SponsOfed Dy tnt 
a-.s1S CtrUr and car_ Ptamtng /WId ~ In P & L 
1110. 
TUUDAY 
, .... , " .. a. - On-Campu, Int.rvltw'"9 
OrItntation. 1f}OU art .ntfltsted .n pattictp;itlng in tnt 

~ nt-'ng thos quaur. It IS rnandaCoIy!hat 
you attrnd ant of tt.... <JrItf'ItatIonS 1ltIOfe)'OU intmn.w. 
"' ... n tn. _ Formal l.oungt. 
, ..... , , ... _ - Law/MBII AIMsIng. IAow Of MBI\ 
sd100I group adIIising hoIIs: For iIIYY qutstiom 
conctmlng tnt'applicatlon proctsS tor law SChool Of MBI\ 
programs, _ the prt-t.aw/Manqrnont acMsor on an 
Intormal tlasIs. ,.,., appoontn1trltS ~, OUI n is 
advosatlle 10 call first if optn hours ill. DtIng n.1d. In tn. 
Studtnt Cffit .... Bldg. A 
, .............. - Drop-.n He"". Fat quid< qutstJons 
ptrtolnong to c.ar_ piarYl'ng. Job hunting. r...,,,,. 

a~tqutlng. ~c. For meR .ndMduai atttntlon SIgn-up or 
call 452-37SO !:lr an iIpIlOIf1IIT1Mt WIth an acMsor. In 
GIr_1'IamIng IHL lOSSI. 
2_ ......... - On-campus InttrWWing OrientMion. 
If you a,. .nt ... tsted in partidpilting in Ihr on-c.ampus 
intetWWing tills quamr. k Is mandiItOIy thai ~_ 
one of lnos. oMntauons DNn ~ inteM4!W. In RrYek 
FatrNI Lounge. 
........... - Dfop-.n -.g '" optrl .....", fOr 
pte-Mtdical /WId prt-o.ru/ studfnlS. ,.,., iIppOintmtnt 
~. OUt it is ~ to call fim to confirm thai tnt 
.....", 1M' tit hrtd . .... ann Sotr-as A<Msory Progr_,n 
the car_ Plannong & I'Iaamont CMtfl. Student Ctnt«. 
Bldg. A 452-4939. 
IInDNIIDAY 
..... , ... _ - Dnlp-in a<Mslng .noptrl >ftSIOn tor 
prt-Mtdic.al MId ~Dtnt.11 S1udtnu. ,.,., i!ppOintment 
ne.:tS""Y. OUt k " advosatJit to call first to confirm ttl« h 
"''''''' will br held. Htillth Scitncts /lCv!SOf'j Program In 
the Car_ Plannong & PlacemtOt CtrUr, SIudent C.ntfl. 
Bklg. A 452-4939 
"110 _12110 pM -~ I~ng 
Onf!fUtlOn. W )'OU •• Intfltsted in pirbCopatlng '" tn. 
<In-CiIfTllUS int..-.g II1Is qu.vtI!r. k I, 1YWldot0000!hIt 
you attrnd 0"" of tn.wOfll!Ol.abons btfor'}OU .nt...-w 
In tn. -. Formal ~. 
...... , 110 ... - You ill. c0rcN4ly lrMted to ilttmd ~ 
..,..".. 'PCJf'I'O<ft! IIy the Cillitorro;a Imtitutr of 
T«tnoIogy.lft Propulsion LaDoriltOl)l. Tol"C A ,~tem to< 
storq, rtlllev ... /WId disll'lOUDOn of""Y ilrge r_ 
semong diit;1 biIse In tIW StudInt Centfl, North 
Coroter.ru 1IOom. 
, .......... - Drop-in Hours. For ~ qutsbOflS 
ptrtainIng to c.ar_ pl.1mong. JOI> nuntJng. r<!Su",. 
ClIttqutlng. ttc For mort .ndMdu.JI attentJon sign-up Of 
CAli 452-3750 for an appoontmtnt 1/\/11/1 an advoSOl'. ear"", 

I'I~ IHlI058l. 
2 .......... - __ \III'iIJng \IbrIIshcp. ~how 
to \MIle .. efII!alw 1SlIIR. SQrt Ihr poDCft1 hire !hen 
twr your mumr atIiquId IIy • c... I'IIrri'1g & 
1'1 __ 0ICMs0r, AII'IUSI tlr ~ InIi!MewIng. ~ 
the RMIIr I'cIm8I 1.I:U'1g!. 
2 ......... - ~.'\cMWIg Sen*w. f'Irnn!I 
on ~. ScnooI1 For II1bmIrlGn on IJPPIUIiOII 

~res. iftIefs d reco, .... idIIIoo. ___ 01 
purJlO5ft and DnistIons ~. MIiII'id one of IheW 
stmMS by 59*l9 up or C- PIn*1g & I'IIc.eme It 

~. SIudent c..-. IIIdg. A Of Q// 452-4939. 
...... - Gilt: preplrOillOn IDUIV to I\I1Ih1lugrl ca. 
12. 1983 on Mondays ~ ~ 1rom4:00 to 7:00 
pm. ~ GI!f ~ on Sepurnber 28. ., ~ ilia. 
YHlIMDAY 
.... ,.... _ - on-campus Inlorvi.wing 
OrieraUon. 1f)'OU _ irUfesled in partidpIrlng in Ihr 

~ inI~ Ihis quner, It IS II'iII'idIIDIy thai 
}OU ~ 0fY otlheWorteIUIIons DNn)'OU 1tUMew. 
In In. _. ForrNli ~. 
, .... " ...... -_onlhrhNIIIIJlf\*UiOnS1 
20 ITW1IMS ~ ~ lOt ~ pIIming 
~ tor stud!rn ___ in n..." QfMfS caN in 
advanc. tor appoontmI!r1I. IlUt no _lief IIWI 0fY week. 
Htaith 5ciencts /ItMJDty Program - 452-4939. In !hi! 
Studrnt C..-. Bldg. A 
, .......... - Orop-in Hours. For quid< qutstions 
pertM1ing to CiIr_ p/Moning. Job hunIing. ......... 
crnlqueing. ftC. For men ir1d\OciJaI mention ~ Of 
cal 452-3750 lOt ... 44HMiIi .. ". with .. acMsor. In 
ex- I'IIming IHl lOSS). 
z.. ....... - __ Wh!ing IIIbfItshop.larn how 
to _ .. IIIIIIIc%Iw re5IMIir. SQrt Ihr ptOCft1 hire !hen 
twr ~ __ atbqued by • C- I'IInning & 
1'I __ ;doIsor. A""" tlr on-c.npus ~ng. In 
!hi! lIMIt I'cIm8I 1.oI.olg!. 
2141 iIIIII ... - Intemted in !hi! _ JIf\*UiOnS 1 
20 rTirUe prl\ere ~ lOt c.- pIInnIng 
acMcr tlr audena ~ In hNIth CMftB. CiIII in 
0KMIru tor ~ but no _lie tIWI one week. 
HNIIh Satnces AcMsory PI'ogram 452-4.39. SIudfnt 
CMfI, Bldg. A 
I"IIiDI'Y 
, .... " ... _ - IntrMtwtng SledlS Workshop. 00 
~ r1Hd twfp In prepar'"9 for jeD" om 1111w115omr tJpS 
on tIW I»5t W¥ to prownt)lOUt quIII~ 1tId_ 
klnd of ontefWW queIJOn5 10 tIIIPftl. 
''''JIOI ... -~s~OrienUlion. 
II you at. "-fSted in plftodplllng in h ~ 
..--;ng ttws quaur, • i, mandIIory 1hII)'OU _ 
one of lhew ~,brIor. )IOU 1fUMIw. 
, .......... - Drop-.n Houn. For quid< quesllOflS 
~ to CM_ piM1ning. Job hunDng. resurTR 
Clltlquetlg. ftc. For men i~ an.ndon ~up Of 
cal 452-3750 for ... .1IIlPOinlmtnr wftt1 .. acMsor. In 
ex- I'IIming I .... 105Ij. 
O .... M1IOIML _.,,.. 

~Y 
...... -IIKyangCo-opOrgMlllMlONImMlng and 
elmer 1m) In Ihr cn. CMo 
_HI.C'Y 
.... -IVA ~~ studrnt>' Comr co tn. I" ~-1Aow 
EQurlon AssociMiOn Find out aIlout lhe nrw LSII T MId 
Law DIy III UCSOI Gft _stanCO WIIh your iippIic.ations 
LOcated _ Int gIIIIIe room al Ihr StUdmt CMf .... 

one. 
IIDIIDI'Y 
.... ,.. .... - Aa8'IIlon SIngm: ~ Uo .lila 

~ 0I0rus IMusic 95D, ~ CIIDr\a, 2 
I.f1Ia. M:IncIr/I. 7:00- 9:5011ss.tdng..,s. ~ 
studIna sIIIukI rwpon 10 _ 109, ~ CII' .. 10 
'IWI up for IUdItionI 10 be hIId ilium 5:00 10 7:00 prr 
toni!1't-

~Y 
..... , .... - InbrlllbOn ots1ion about tinh 
CDnIrOI for tniIe & lena! SIUII!fiIS. WDrmII \fCbnIIIf /WId 
discussfor1- SUQ!II!SIed if)'OU wish to tit a _·s Clink: 
paIIen!. In tilt ~ HNIIhC ..... ,upsUirs conIMnc. 
room,. 
_".C_Y 
..... ,. - InIOfmIIIion ots1ion about birth 
CDnIrOI for ~ I!mII SIUdents. tIfDmIII \fCbnIIIf and 
CIfaJssIDn - suggesIIed if)lOU wish to tit a _'s Cline 
paier'Il . ., ~ student HNIIh Center. 

~ 
.......aAY 
.... - CUI Fouey LKtIn: .~ IAr ~Ihr lhruts to 
!hi! Moun&Iin GonIIa." sponscnd IIy UEO. General 
I'\dmissIon S5/SIOOentS 13.50. ~ ~ Aud. 
R.u.ouII'UIIICTIONI 
MONDAY 
...... - QithoIic Mass. Sponsortd IIy Ihr QithoIic 
Communty '" UCSO. AI tn. l.IniWnity Luther ... 01uR:h. 
, •• 1 ... -~ Crusa For OvISl .'Study Bleak." 
JoIn us eKIi MondIIy for ~ ~ dmr 01 1!IIowsIip. 
singing & ~ study. And out men aDout this qul(ter's 
_ & now to get ItMiIIIId in our SI'IIIII ~ IIoIR 
studies. AI tIW CNncl!ilD(s Complex HM. 
...-.-y 
....... - Qitholic Mass. Spcn«ed IIy Ihr CiItnoItc 

~ ill UCSO. AlIhr u-scy luther .. ChuKh . 
..... __ Y 

... ... - QithoIic Mass. Sponsored IIy Ihr CiIthoIIc 
Cammunty III UCSO. AlIhr u-sIty luther .. 01uR:h. 

. .... ... - Sludmt Suppe' IPC"Ofed IIy Ihr luther ... 
CommunIty It UCSO. E~~. ~ U. ~ 
of lJ'WeniIy IUt/Imn Church KrOSS tilt ,_ from 
......... 

... ... - ''CoIos __ '' Is tnt l1li* ~ IOPC 
sponsored Dy tnt wt/1er1fl Communily ill UCSO /WId led 
Dy c:.aqu Pastor JoI1n Huller. 0pI!n to MI. ~Ihr ~ 
oIlJrIwnI!y Lutheran ChuKh west 0Il.fty HIlI. UCSO. 
, ..... -lntfl-1IMsIIy CvisIiIfl FI!iIowsI'Ip Comr ptn 
La for • ~toget to 1cnowone iII1OCher, ~ and_ a-
cram. Evayonr IS Wi!IcoIM. In Ihr Cloud's lies! on Muir 

~ 
,.... .... - CM1<IIri!Jht Mass. SponIOfed IIy In. 
CMnoIIc CarnmuM)' or UCSO. JoIn US lOt li quift 
I'iIUtMM IUCharISL In lhe U1IwniIy luther ... ChurCh. 
YHI II 'y 
....... - 5Iudrnt Donntr. SponIOfed IIy h CiIInoIk: 
Corrvnunty III UC50 Jotn _ studer'Cs tlr good food 
and good COIflliI'¥ In tn. ~. UlNmIIy Luther ... 
Church. 
1IKItM1'1OfII 
IAn.MY 
Int ... ·V.sll)l Chnstlan ~1IOWShp Beach Party - co",. 
join U5 tor food. fun. and fetiOllWlop. Conv to our I'riI!tting 
WPd SepI 28 1_ ~9OIJ! JeCtJon tor men "'10.). 
E....yon. weicornt' 

000000000000 Soon to be a major motion picture 00000000000 
What I did during my summer vacation 
By JAMES RALPH PAPP 

Now that we have aU received our 
grades from last quantr finals are a 
painful subject to bring up. But Spring 
Quaner finals dictate the spirit with 
which wt begin our summers. It was on 
a Saturday morning immediately after a 
final in which I had answered 25 
identification questions on Medieval 
history as weD as reasonably could be 
expected by anyone (except, as It 
turned out, by my Medieval history 
professor), that my summer began. The 
next day at noon, I began driVing up to 
Berkrley with my sister, and , with the 
SlOp of an hour or rwo in Santa Barbara 

Caruso 

(where the bums hang out down the 
street from the polo field), we arrived 
amongst the freeway overpasses of 
Oakland at one in the morning. This 
summer did nor change my life. It did 
not change Berkeley. But it did make 
me several good friends and at least one 
good enemy As well as redUCing my 
capital to a negative quantity. 

In two days I had moved from my 
SIster's apanment in Berkeley's North 
Side (an area given over to the sedate 
movements of the town's more elderly 
population: juniors and seniors) to a 

FREE MONTH'S RENT 
NO MONEY DOWN 

FREE DELIVERY FREE PICK-UP . 
BUDGET 

RENTS 
FURNITURE 

Helps you beat the 
high cost of moving 

with: 
30 DAYS FREE RENT PLUS FREE DELIVERY 
AND PICK-UP AND NO MONEY DOWN 

WITH THIS AD 
With Every Lease. 
Large or Small. 
the First 30 Days 
ARE ON US! Rent 
from Budget and 
We'll deliver in 24 
HOURS, but YOU 
PAY NOTHING 
FOR 30 DAYSI 

KEARNEY MESA 
8807 Clalremonll'v1esaBlvd 

San Diego. CA 92123 
(619) 279-99,u 

800GET RENTS 
FURNTURE 

MISSION BAY 
1170 W Morena Blvd 
San D.ago. CA 92110 

(619) 27~2 

lAMESA 
5276 Baltimore Dr. 

La Mesa, CA 92401 
(619) ~5-2770 

limited time otfef good only 01 partlclpOllng Budget Rents FUfnllure Showrooms. 
Not volid with any other offer. Office furnIture excluded. 

fraternity house (Alpha Sigma Phi) on 
the South Side (haunt of sophomores, 
freshmen, and street people). Some frat 
houses can ~ truthfuDy described as 
barbaric; I had arranged to stay in a 
civilized one. After making a post-
prandial foray with my new comrades 
into Henry's Publick House and Grille 
across the street, where nobody ever 
goes unless someone else is paying, 
which I was, I accompanied one of 
them to San Francisco; I in search of a 
summer suit and he in search of a 
summer job . 

I and my new fast friend , one Eric 

by Klier 

Smith, wh-o coneCtS old furniture , 
including a haunted four-poster bed , 
were both unsuccessful that day, and 
after several hours sauntering through 
an un-seasonably not San Francisco 
(each of us pausing deferentially at 
doorways until I discovered I was a 
quaner ahead of him) wc repaired our 
Withered spirits with lemonade In the 
basement of Macy's. On the post-BART 
walk back through Berkeley I met a 
professor I knew. This was good. If one 
gives a professor the impression that he 
cannot escape from one, he less readily 
assigns scurrilous grades in the 
expectation of never seeing one again. 

That was the first of many summer 
excursions BARTing across the bay to 
San Francisco's gaDeries, shops, clubs, 
theaters and restaurants (among the last 
not to forget Sam Wo's, renowned home 
of the Bay Area's rudest waiter, Edsel 
Ford Fong). On the other hand , culture 
can occaSionally backfire. One evening, 
I went to Fort Mason to see a play 
advertised as a surrealist drama, which 
seemed to be nothing more than rather 
a 101 of copulation and a number of 
women raking an of their clothes 01T. It 
was, in the literal sense, rudely 
disappointing. 

In such a cultural backwater as 
Berkeley one has to provide most of 
one's own entertainment. (Some people 
may think I do an injustice by 
deSCribing Berkeley so. It is in fact a 
great musical cemer, for no people are 
as good as BerkeleY-ltes in blowing their 
own hom.) One evening, in such a 
spirit of amatcur entertainment, and 
haVing a few days before seen the first 
installment of Brideshead Revisited, Eric 
and I set out to re-create the 
magnificence of the original founders' 
picnics at Founders' Rock with a home-
grown and home-made blackberry pie, a 

. tum to 18 

PRECISION 
HAIRCUTS 

737 Pearl 

fol' men & women 
Wit. tM C_POll 0,.",. 
Offer ellpirn 10/3/83_ 

456-1170 
La Jolla 456-1815 

-----------------.---------"-----------; $10 PRECISION: PERM $29.50 HAIRCUT I Long Hair Extra. 1---------------------for men & women I 
Shampoo. condition, cuI. 

(Bluwdry not Included. I : MANICURE $5 



.. 

Summer Vacation 
contin ued Jrom 1 7 
bowl of whipped cream and a bottle of 
champagne On our way back we had 
got through a good bit of The Piralcs oj 
PenZaPlce (our refrains startling nocturnal 
he'11istry professors, who scurried 

away) and were descendmg Cardiac Hill 
(unfortunately engaged in the soprano's 
part , which sounds a bit odd in bass), 
when we nonced at the bottom tWO 
patrol cars full of campus police. In 
what we imagined to be brilliant st rategy 
we began singing the Major General's 
patter song, to prove our sobriety 
beyond question . Oddly, it had the 
oppOSite effect. In <I few ya rds we were 
blinded by hghts and approached by 
twO massive figures . On bemg asked 
whether we knew that opened 
containers of alcohol on campus were 

illegal , by our demeanor we revealed 
Ihat we were shocked and saddened. 
On being asked whether we could 
produce identification establi shing our 
age over twenty-one we replied that we 
thought nol. We promised not to sing 
anymore , and the officer replied that he 
hadn't heard any singing, which we 
thought undue criticism. But the 
policemen revealed their good humor by 
(a) leuing us go and (b) reminding us 
that unauthOrized possession of a mtlk 
crate, in which our champagne was 
contained, was a violation of law. We 
continued on our way, perhaps 
opportunely forgetting to sing to them 
Gilbert and Sullivan's "A Policeman's Lot 
is at a Happy One." However, ever 
after that as I carned a blackberry pie 
through the streets of Berkeley (which 

~~ ALL DEPARTMENTS --b"~ 
U.C.S.D. purchase orders accepted 

RUSH ORDCRS AVAlLA&C - PICK-UP AlYD DCLIVlRY 

l168Q Sorrento Volley Rood 
Son Diego. CohfornlO Q2121 

453·5115 

1827 Fifth Avenue 
Son DIego. CohfornlO 92101 

239·4433 

AHention Muir Graduating Seniors! 
IF YOU PlAN TO GRADUATE FALL QUARTER 1983 

you must have a final degree check and submit a 
Degree and Diploma Application form by October 6, 

1983, 
Either come in to the Academic Advising Office, H&SS 2126, 

or call 452-3580 to make an appointment. 

DON'T DElAY 

IF YOU DO NOT HAVE A FINAL DEGREE CHECK AND 
SUBMIT YOUR APPLICATION FORM BY THE ABOVE DATE 
YOU WILL NOT BE ABLE TQ GRADUATE FALL QUARTER, 

1983. 
Remember that at Muir College you must have completed at least 

180 units for a BA degree (192 minimum for a B.S. degree). Muir 
College requires a minimum of 18 upper-division courses (72 upper-

division units). Some majors may require up to 23 upper-division 
L four-unit courses to graduate. 

BECOME MORE 
INVOLVED 

The Tau Kappa Epsilon Fraternity IS 
accepting new members for its 

Little Sister Program. 
Those women interested are encouraged to 

attend the introductory meeting at 
7:00 pm, Wednesday, September 28 ill the 

Muir North Dining Room, or phone 
Bruce Yuke - 457-4022. 

was oiten , smce several blackberry 
bushes grew behind the house), I could 
not help looking over my shoulder for a 
car With a flashing light. 

Of course one's summer should nOl 
be all drunkenness and reckless 
diSSipation , for with an arduous 
schedule of these one evenrually begins 
to yearn for the quiet life: rummagmg 
through Berkeley's bookshops (of which 
I made a well-planned raid fWO days 
before I left, after I had decided which 
or my debts to pay ofT and before any of 
my disappointed lenders had learned of 
my decision); leafing through old 
collections of Punch in the Morrisson 
Reading Room (once ably managed by 
UCSO's own Marc Ginlesohn); 
picknicking by Strawberry Creek ofT 
Eric's grandmOlher's sherry cake (or 

anyone else's for that mailer): late-night 
te,l-drinking, cooklc-eall ng and 
Scrabble-playing pantcs (Alpha Sigma 
Phi':. own), and fine dining at 
"Yorkshire FI h & ," whose fish and 
chips excellence has survived better 
than their sign. 

By now-you will have realized that I 
rc,lIly didn 't do anything over my summer 
vacation , except write a httle prose and 
eat a great deal of blackberry pie. The 
title was only a ploy and, if you have gOl 
thiS far , a rather good one. Perhaps my 
ollly :.ignificant accomplishment was 
replying to a chaUenge that nothing can 
surprise anyone in Berkeley by 
appearing in her most crowded outdoor 
cafe In a d9uble-b~asted summer suit 
and straw boater, and having my picture 
taken as I sat down. An expensive 
exercise and, but for this anicle, only 10 
be remembered in oral history. However, 
having nOl only partaken of Berkeley but 
taken advantage of her. I felt I could 
return to ucsO with something to show 
for my irredeemable capital and my 
irreclaimable summer. 

r-----tiilloGiiiTCfJirif-----l 
Next to Biglklr Market &.. n,., P""r Office in Uniwnity Oty. Comer ofGowmor Dr. &.. R"F"1a Rd I 

FLAVORS: I 
Chocolate Raspberry I 

I Ji' . UTe I ----~4~W_~~=m;~~v~~~~-----: 
Boysenberry Praline'n'Cream 
Chocolate Mint Bal)ana 
Lemon Srrawberrycheesecake 

r I Strawberry Vanilla Pumpkin Mocha Peanut Butter 
Pina Colada Coconut I 
Peach Blveberrycheesecake 

Call us for dally flavors: 4.57-2339 ~~"' -t-~--~---~---+-----II 8'M Ibn 
THIS COUPON GOOD FOR ONE FREE (50% cup) OF YOGURT 

WITH THE PURCHASE OF ANY OTHER SIZE! 
I 
I 
I 

Expires October J . 1983. On~ coupon per cU5lDm~r • 

L Open 7 Days a Week, 10:30 am till 10:00 pm. 0nly2Y2 MilesAway! ~ ---------------------------------~ I 
WAS 

CATHOLIC 
• Do you feel the Church is losing its meaning for you7 
• Have you thought of leaving It7 
• Would you like to dtscuss it with others who share your experience7 
• Then come to a meeting on -
--51' Tuesday October 4 at 8:00 p.m. • 451-" 5 at the Catholic lounge at the 

453-,8S UNIVERSITY LUTHERAN CHURCH 
corner of N La Jolla Shores and Torrl!y PInes across from Revelle College UCSD 

sponsored Ily 

The Catholic Community at UCSD 
• First In it series of meetlf1gs on Tuesday nights 

i-----~----------------------------I : THE GRfAT GYROS I 
I "DISTINCTIVELY DlFFERfNT" : 
: TiJ.. tile 11 : 
:SAVr; 70t I~~~/~': . ! orr A GYROS ~ 1'(0", ! 
I (Regularly $2.69) i..l.gg I 
: Umft 5 per customer I 
I With This Ad Through Odober 29 : 
I ORDERS TO GO I 
: Specializing In G!!,OS, 'alafel, /lummus, Grecian Salads. Greek Spinach Pie, : 
I ' and assorted Greek Pastries. I 
I OF[" 7 DAVS 'A M[K rtOT GOOD WITH SMDWlCH CARD I 
I I 
I PARKWAY PlAZA I 
I urllv[RSITY TOWJ'ft: CTR 433 fletcher Parkway PRJ([ BAZAAR I 
I 4545 La Jolla Villag Drive (Next to 31 flavors) 11408roadway I 
I Mon·Fri 10·9; Sat 10·10; Mon-fri 10·9; Sat 10-6; CNUlA VISTA I 
I Sun 1·5 Sun 11 -5 4U-4147 I 
I 452-7940 287"l712 I L _________________________________ ~ 

Cordially invites interested students in the areas of: 
• Electrical Engineering • Computer Science 
• Mechanical Engineering • Math 
• Aeronautical Engineering • Physics 
to attend a Seminarentitled ''A System for Storage, 
Retrieval, and Distribution of Very Large Remote 
Sensing Data Bases." 

By: Dr. James W. Brown 
Date: September 28, 1983 

Piece: Student Center, North Conference Room 
Time: 12:00 - 1:00 p.m. 

• See "The JPL Story." 
• Meet with JPL technical representatives. 

~ Discuss Career Opportunities with JPL. 
• Sign up for a personal interview at the 

Placement Center prior to our recruiting visit 
on October 11, 1983, (Dept. K43.) 

Jet Propulsion Laboratory 
California InsUtute of Technology 

4800 Oak Grove Drive 
Pasadena, CA 91109 

"There's Only One." 

.JPL 
Jet Propulsion Laboratory 
California Institute of Technology 

introducing 10m Scrum 

_D_an_c_e_ here __ 
now 

Woohooo! I'm going dancing! I love to dance. When the music is 
playing I have no rears. I don't worry about whether I move, left or right, up 
or down. I don 't have to worry, because I let the rhythm take me where it 
wants. 

"The key to dancing is losing control. You lose conrrol by rrusting the 
mUSIC on which your movement depends. The music always knows what to 
do, even when you don 't. So you can rorget your worries and 
misconceptions and si mply aUow yourself to be guided by the beat. You 
only have to let yourself go ir you want to be free . Offer no resistance, and 
you will fly with the high notes and swing with the low ones. 

There is really nothing easier to do. It is only difficult because we have 
always been taught to take destiny in our hands. This is as if we know 

, whal our destiny is. We cannot know the future. We have only the present 
in which to live. No matter how hard we try we cannot change the CourSe 
of Things. There is no reason why we have to. We are already part of 
Things, so we have to be part of the Course. We do not have to bend 
reality to meet our own misconceptions. We only have to realize our part 
in Things to see that our resistancc against them is only keeping us from 
enjOYing our own existence. We need only to empty our minds of 
egocentric thoughts and music will sweep us away. 

So what does all of this mean to those of us who are startin,i!; back to 
another year of college, a world born of our zest for planning for the future , a 
place where we are supposed to make something 01 ourselves (as iT we 
weren't something already) and "do" something with our lives? 

It means that we don't have to saCrifice hving now In order to live 
"bcttcr" later. We don't have to spend rour years studYing something we 
don 't like now, so we can get a secure job that we won't like later We can 
completely realize our happiness now. 

All we have to do is stOP worrying about what might be waiting ror us 
around the comer or for that event which will finally change our lives. It 's 
futile to try and force our lives to run straight, like the dotted line of a 
frceway, when the nature of life is [0 flow under and around , anything but 
plod straight ahead . If we put our trust in the deViations, the future is 
never rrightening. and the present is a source of constant joy. Just listen to 
the music: it'll always show you the way to move. 

JAPANESE 
LANGUAGE 

Recently added 
Fall Quarter 

to the 
1983 

curriculum: 

FIRST YEAR JAPANESE 
SECOND YEAR JAPANESE 

Speaking, reading and writing will 
be taught by a native speaker. 

Take advantage of this exciting 
opportunity to acquire 
Japa~ language facility! 

FIrst Y .. Japanese (Chinne Studies 31) 
lee MWF 11:00 - 11 :50, BB 2135 course code 8362 
Sec 1 TTh 10:0(HO:50 TEH 702 

~c 2 TTh 11 :00-11 :50 TEH 702 
Sec 3 TTh 12:00-12:50 TEH 702 

Second Y .. Mplnac (Chinese Studies 41) 
lee MWF 2:00-2:50, HSS 2333 course code 8363 
Sec 1 TTh 2:00-2:50 HSS 2152 
Sec 2 TTh 3:00-3:50 P&l 1111 

For COUI'IC coda and further Inronnetlon pluM call 
the Program In Chlnac Studies, 451-4551. 



~ MUIR INTEImISCII'I.IN'ARY SIUDIES ) 
How does tile rest of tile world do it? 

RECRUITMENT OF 
DISCUSSION LEADERS POR 

HUMAN SEXUALIlY COURSE 

Join us in finding out! 

(Enroll in the Integrated Social Science Sequence) 
Beginning this faD with Contemporary Issues 196, 

a small number of upper-dMsion students will be 
trained as discussion leaders for Contemporary 
Issues 22, "Human SexuaBty" to be offered Spring 
Quarter, 1984. 

SOCIAL SCIEIYCE lOA-II-C 
MODEM SOCIETY 

If you have taken c.r. 22, or are majoring in the life, 
social, or behavioral sciences. you may qualify as a 
discussion leader. Please caD 452-3589 for an 
interview with the instructor. or come by the Muir 
Interdisciplinary Studies Office: 2024 H&SS. 

Approved for Revelle Social ScIence and ackHtional Social Science 
requirement ArI) MuIr SodaI Science. 

1 
rail 1983 - lOA: IL Jllad8ea 
Tu-1b 10:00-11:20 ..... 
HSS2250 

RECRUITMENT OP 
DISCUSSION LEADEBS PO. 

WILDEBNESS AND HUMAN VALUES 

Special attention Is paid to tbeorJes whJcb seek to 
account for the unecpal clbtrlbutlon of walth. status, and 
power In America. 

COUISE 
If you are interested in being a Discussion Leader 
for the course "The WUdemess and Human Values" 
when it is offered next spring, come to the first 
meeting of Contemporary Issues 96 (the first of two 
courses to prepare D.L 's). The meeting will take 
place on Tuesday, September 27. at 5:00 pm in 
Room 2152 of the Humanities and Sodal Sciences 
Building. You can sign up for the c.1. 96 at the 
meeting. 

Winter 1984 - lOB: D. I.aJtIn 
rocuses upon poUlltal aspects of human society. 
examining patterns of equality. authority. and poUcy 
making In the United Kingdom. france. Japan. India and 
the Soviet Union. 

Spring 1984 - IOC: D'Andrade 

" i 

This course examines cultural universals and cultural 
differences In the modem world and Includes case studies 
of cultural differences between modem peoples and a 
review of the concept of "national cbaJacter:' 

. 

FALL 
1983 lUll READING AND STUDY SKILLS CENTER 462-2214 OASIS SECOND 

Individual and Small Class Programs to ufa°:'~o 
Help You Develop Essential learning Skills 
~-------------,--------------~--------------~PALCONFERENCES 

ACADEMIC SUCCESS TUTORIAL PROGRA.. THIRD PLACE One·\o·one Personal ASSist· 
PROGRA .. (ASP) 452-2210 452-3284 ance lor Learning (PAL) conler· 

........ 37- ences to perfect yollr skills and 
- - achl8lle your academiC goals OASIS THIRD COLLEGE 

STUDENT CENTER UNDERGROUND DINING CO .... ONS STUDY SKILLS WORKSHOP 
BUILDING B HL 1254 102 (200 p.m.·4.00 p.m.) 
~-----------iI------------iI-----------1 Time Management 10.5 

OPENS MONDAY OASIS branches out to Third How to Study Malh and SCience Ind ivi dual ass istance for 
Educa tional Opportun ity 
Program (EOP) and Student 
Aff i rmat ive Act ion (SAA) 
freshmen. Professional and 
peer counselors prOVide 
assistance on an individual 
basis with academic , per· 
sonal. financial. and social 
problems. Standing appoint-
ments are available to EOPI 
SAA students. along with 
other workshops and spe-
cial OASIS sessions. 
Speakers' Series is held to 
bring faculty. staff. and stu· 
dents together who share a 
common mterest. SpeCifiC 
date's and t imes are 
announced weekly in the 
Guardian. 
Drop by our office. Mon.-Frt. 
8:30 a.m.-4:30 p.m .. or call 
for an 'appointment. 
BE A PEER 
COUNSELOR 
Juniors and seniors wilh a 2 50 
GPA who are active in student 
organtzations and like workrl!g 
with undergraduate students 
are encouraged to become 
"peers." All students Interested 
must take TEP 196 lor lour untls. 
Apply belore Sept. 27. Inler· 
VI8WS lor prospective "peers." 
Tues .. Sept 27. 10:00 a.m.·2.00 

October 3 College. We offer Courses: 10112 
FREE tutoring in mathemat- ProfesslOOal and Peer Counsel· Mld·Term Prep' 10119 
ics. physics . biology. chem- iog dally 8:30 a.m.·4 00 p:m lecture Notetaklog 10126 
IStry, economics . statistics. Tutoring In most lower· diVIsion Textbook Reading lor Recall : 
and computer science . classes. Mon.-Fro. 10:00 am.' 11 12 
Drop in tor help: 8:00 p.m. Tutoring begins Moo: How to Concentrate at Will 11 9 
Mon .· Thurs . 10:00 a.m.- day. Oct. 3. How to Develop Memory Con· 
8:00 p.m. Schedules wdl be available the trot: 11 116 

third week 01 claues at Third Friday 10:00 a.m.-3:00 p.m. Ptac Finals Prep: 11122 
Sun. 5:00 p.m.-9:00 p.m. spe:d Readong 1016. 11 '3 Test·Talling Strategl8s 11 ,30 
Study tables will be orga· Thurs. 9.00 a.m.' 11 00 a.m Note These workshops are also 
nized for any lower ·division T oIIered through Thord Place on Study Skills Workshop ues 00 200 
science or math class. Just 1000 a m . 12'00 noon Tues . 10 a m · 1 noon 
get together with four Iriends These Will be held In the Thord 
and we will l ind a tutor. Col lege Humanll ies Bldg .. 
BE A TUTOR Room 14 t . Schedules are avail · 
Juniors and seniors with a able at Third Place. 
3.00 GPA who have com· Goal Settmg. l ife lWork Plan· 

. nong (a lso schedu led by pleted lower-divIsIOn mathe- apPointment) Mon .Fr i. 9:00 
matics reqUirements are a m .. 4·30 p.m 
el ig ible to become tutors 
New tutors' enroll in TEP 196 
for four units . 
APPLY BEFORE SEPT. 27 
Interview for prospect ive 
tutors: Tuesday. Sept. 27. 
10 :00 a .m.-2 :00 p .m. HL 
1254 

1IN1 COURSES 
Speed Reading . Mon & Ffl 
2:00 p.m.·3.00 p.m 10 10· 11 
11 or Thurs 9·00am · l1oo 
am 10/6 · 11 3 
GRE Prep' Man & Wed 4 00 
p.m · 7·00 p.m 928· 10 12. or 
111 14. 11 130 

VOCABULARY 
DEVELOPMENT 
Thurs. 300 pm ·4.30 pm. 10, 
6· 11117. 

DIA~N08TIC TESnNG 
Have your reading rate or com· 
prehenSion diagnosed For 
more In'ormatlon room num· 
bers and Slgn·up call or Slop In 
8:00 a.m ·4.30 p m 

p.m. I-.tl1254 ...... ---------'"-----------1 
Aasl.18nce Is available. 
OASIS Admin. 452·3780 

THE LANGUAGE 
PROGRAM 
452-2214 

OASIS SECOND 
STORY 

USB 4070 
The Language Program pro· 
vides assistance to students 
whose fllst language IS not 
English . and to. those dOing 
work In Spantsh. French. italian . 
and other languages ServiCes 
Include the I.anguage Program 
cl ass . (levels I and II). the 
French grammar hot·IIne. week· 
Iy workshops. Spanish. French 
and italian pronunciation labs. 
and one·lo-one conlerences lor 
feedback on wlillen drafts A dl· 
agnostic lest 01 wrtnen English 
as a second tanguage IS avail· 
able on request Call 452·2284 
lor more InformatlOO. 

WRmNO CENTER 
452-2214 

OASIS SECOND 
STORY 

USB 4070 

One·to·one writtng confer-
ences available for all stu-
dents by appointment. Call 
452-2284. 
WRITING CONFERENCES 
SeSSionS begin the second 
week of the quarter. 
THE GRAMMAR CLASS 
For all students who want to 
learn how English sentences 
are constructed and where 
common errors in written 
sentences occur. Grammar 
terrrllnology will be ex-
plained. Uselul lor editing I-----------f and reliising academic 

THE B.C. (BEFORE 
CALCULUS) PROGRAM 

412-3780 
STUDENT CENTER 

BUILDING B 

papers. 
UPPER-DM8ION 
ADJUNCT 
For transfer studenls: focus 
on short term papers. re-
search method. composi-
~--------....oot lion and organization. 

ThiS program IS deSigned to 
support EOP students in their DIAGNOSTIC TES'nNG 
deSire to elcel in mathematics The OASIS Writing Test 
and phYSICS at UCSD. Small assesses your strengths and 
groups 01 students attend work- weaknesses In writing and 
shops Iwoce a week outSide of editing academic papers. It 
class At these workshops stu· is gillen dunng Welcome 
dents work on problems. pre· Week . but testing IS also 
pare for exams. and help one I bl h W t C 
another to master the course. aval a e In t e rI Ing en-
Sludenl! are under the supervi. tElr dunng Ihe academic 
Slon and direction of a work· y\tar. You will also receive an 
shop leader indiVidual conlerence on 
Math 4C Workshops your test scores . 
Man & Wed. 10:00 a.m.· 12 00 
noon (lecture AI 
Mon & Wed. 1:00 p.m. ·3.00 
pm (lecture B) 1----------1 
Tues & Thurs 4 00 P m. -6 00 GRAMMAR lIOII8 
pm. (leclure C) HOTLINE 
Communoty COllege Math 140 412-2214 
workshops lIated in schedule of 1----------1 
classes. 
Space IS limited and we operate 
on a hrll·come, torst -serve baSIS 
For mo're Inlormatlon . cal l 
452·3760 

Phone·in service lor help 
wilh diction. grammar. and 
punctuation problems. 
8.30 a.m.·4 00 p,m. 

Triton senior Tim Boldtn .5 the bag by the horns. 
I AA I"" , ~".'I ........ " m"" newly arrlvmg or returnmg 

studentS have been 
hfmoaning ·the stan of the faU quaner. 

tt'owe~r, ror UCSD's water polo team 
things have been busy aD summer and 
are now just kicking into high gear. 

The faD is college water polo season. 
In the spring and summer, the coOege 
trams ake on MtJ (Amateur Athletic 
Union) names and alumni and compete 
to suy in shape and gain experience. 
This summer, UCSD's MU team, Sunset 
&4uatics, went aU the way to nationals 
and finished eiWlth in the nation. 
Unfonunately, the alumni cannot play 
during the faD season, which staned in 
late August. 

This year's varsity team is young and 
talerued. On the traveUing varsity squad 
there are four freshmen, one 
sophomore. six juniors, and only two 
seniors. Of the staning seven players. 
two are freshmen and one of them is 
the goalie. 

They have already scrimmaged 
Harvard and competed in twO majot 
tournamerus. the Wave Tournament in 
Pepperdine, where they were 
overpowered in aU five of their games 
by their Division I opponents, and the 

UC Irvme tournament. UCSD Coach 
Denny Harper saw the Pepperdine 
tournament merely as a chance for the 
new players to get acquainted with this 
type of play and to play some'good 
teams. The Irvine tournament was 
another matter completely. 

UCSD was placed in a vety tough 
bracket of the round robin competition . 
Their first game was against the . 
powerhouse team or UClA (the eW'ntual 
tournament winner), which greatly 
outnumbered UCSD 31 players to 13. It 
was a fast and furious first half, with 
UCLA scoring five goals by capitalizing 
on minor misukes by UCSD. UCSD 
scored only one goal on a "6-on-5 man 
up" situation (when an opposing player 
commits a major foul, he is ejected from 
the pool for 35 !econds, giving the 
olI~nse a man advintage). The second 
half was much like the first, with UCLA 
dominating a mistake-ridden UCSD. In 
water polo, a mistake is a goal for the 
other team, and only very good tearns 
are capable of co~ring their mistakes. 
The final score was 9·2, with UCSD 
scoring their second goal on anOlher "6-
on-5" situation. This was the only game 
UCSD seemed incapable of winning. 
In the second game, against 

Division III powerhouse 

UCSD water polo: 
A team on the rise 

Pepperdine, UCSD's play improved 
immensely. The first half was a banle of 
defense, ending with an exciting second 
quaner goal by senior MIke Bolden, who 
got " inside water" (close to the goal with 
his man behind him) and slipped the 
baD by the goalie. It evened the score at 
one. In the second half, it was UCSO's 
mistakes that aOowed Pepperdine to go 
on and win. This time, the 
opponunities were there, but they were 
just not taken advanage of. The final 
score was '·2. 

They took on the University of the 
Pacific in their next game, and it was a 
demonstration in lost chances. UCSD 

UCSD's final twO games were mere 
studies in dominance, UCSD 

. dominance. Against Fullenon and UCl's 
]V team, UCSD was in comrol from the 
verY beginning and never let up. The 
final scores, much closer than the games 
reaDy were, were UCSD nine, FuUenon 
five, and UCSD' ten , UCI]V five. These 
last two games were great for morale 
and for "racking up the statS" (making 
goals, steals, assists, etc.) of the ·UCSD 
players. 

OveraU, the weekend was a very 
poSitive one. UCSD played weD, but 
their Inconsistent play is reaUy hurting 
them against DiVIsion One teams. As 

This year's varsity team is young and talented. 
On the traveling varsity squad there are four freshmen, 
one sophomore, six juniors and only one senior. OJ the 
starting seven, two are freshmen, and one is the goalie. 

. 

could nOl score on its "6-on-5" 
situations. UCSD mistakes dominated 
the first half. aUowing UOP 10 build a 
lead of 6-2. However, the second half 
was a different game, with UCSD 
scoring two goals and UOP managing 
only one. Once the Tritons gOl gomg 
and began to control their mistakes, it 
was UOP which looked disorganized. 
The final score was 7 -4 in UOP's favor. 

Mike Bolden said , "We are definitely the 
power in DIvision II or Ill. but \0 
DiviSIOn 1 we still have much work to 
do: Denny Harper sa id . "We have gOt 
10 cut down on our mistakes." Junior 
Dana Griesen summed up his team 
rather succinctly: "Talented but 
inexperienced." It appears th at they arc 
a team bound to go up. 

- Robert Geyer 

Pcuker presents 2500 chances 
father never had . 

. Enter the Parker Top-of-the-
Oass Sweepstakes and you could 
'lNinsomething that can give you a 
real advantage in life. 

Your ovvn Texas Instruments 
home computer. 

While youre at it. pick up 
som::thing better to write with. 
too. A Parker Jotter ball pen 

Its microscopically-textured 
ball grips the paper to help prevent 
rressy blobbing and skipping. 

And it writes up to five times 
longer than most ball pens. 

Look for sweepstakes entry 
forms and details at your college 
bookstore. But do it soon With 
over 500 computers to win, this is 
one sweepstakes \NOrth entering. 
W'hile you still have the chance. 

c:p PARKER 



.. 

22 Stp'~m~r 28, 1983 

'. 

Campus Recreation clubs 
swing into action for 'new year FFOG 

We won't play Misty for you: we are 
going all out with the ~ thing; it's time 
for FFOG. Join Campus Recreation and 
Budweiser Ught as we celebratt the 
beginning or the school yur with the 
annual Fall Festival on' the Green 
(FFOG), on Friday, Oct. 7 from II am 

UCSD Pep Band is among this season's new offerings 
Behind evel)' nook and cranny, at all 

times of the day or mght, lurk the ever-
present clubbies, the participants in 
Campus Recreation 's rec club program. 

IS the \amI! of your own imagination amI 
interests. 

A brand new club forming this year is 
the UCSD Pep Band. Anyone Interested 
in playing for a fun-loving, easy-going 
band that will perform at intercollegiate 
games and special UCSD functions 

should come to the organizational 
meeting at 6 pm on Tuesday, Oct. i, -in 
the Recreation Conference Room. 
Students, faculty and staff who have a 
musical orientation and would like to 
jam on a regular basis should tl)' to 
aatnd this meeting. 

to 8 pm .. 
Recreation clubs have been a way of 

life for UCSD students, faculty and staff 
since the hallowed halls were first 
opened. These clubs are recreationaUy 
oriented special-interest clubs which are 
organized and run by students, faculty 
and staff who share common leisure-
time interests. The clubs are a pleasant 
avenue to get away from studies and 
work by spending time pursuing 
recreational interests with other 
enthusiasts. 

Sports Slate---~ 

FFOG activities include dancing and 
musical performances, manial arts 
demonstrations, juggling and mime, a 
99t Mexican lunch at noon, a beer 
garden, games and conteas and 
information about Campus Recreati9n 
activities. All or this wiD rake place 
between 11 am and 3 pm on the lawn 
area between Campus Recreation and 
Urey HaD. 

Some rec clubs are teams that 
compete on an intercollegiate level while 
others have a more unstructured or 
social Orientation. To join a rec club . 
simply stop by the practice/meeting 
times listed below. If you have a 
particular recreational int~rest that is nOl 
listed here stop by the rec club office 
(located in the Rec Gym complex) to 
find out how to form your own club. 
The only limit to the rec club programs 

Monday, Sepl. 26 - Women's soccer vs. UC hvine, at home, 6 pm. 
Tuesday, Sept. 27 - Men's soccer vs. Azusa Pacific, at home, 3 pm. 
Wednesday, Sept. 28 - Women's soccer vs. SDSU, at home, 4 pm. 
Friday, Sept. 30 - Women's soccer vs. Cal Poly Pomona, away, .. pm. 

As. i pm get ready for a rocking and 
reeling TG featuring the Iiw dance and 
liscening music of the Siers Bros. Band, 
a pizza contest, compliments of BJ.'s 
Pizzeria, and both sudsy and non-sudsy 
bewrages, compliments or the 
Associated SwdenlS of UCSO. Friday, Sepl. 30 - Saturday, Oct. 1 - Men's water polo at the Nor-Cal Tournament, 

Help Campus Recreation and 
Budweiser Ught ring in the new school 
~ar in a most memorable fashion . 
Follow the giant inOatab\e Budweiser 
light can to the Fal ~S1ival on the 

hosted by Stanford and Berkeley. 
Saturday, Oct. 1 - Men's soccer vs. Fresno Pacific, away, 1 pm. 
Saturday, OCI. 1 - Women's volleyball vs. Chapma.n College, at home, 4 pm. 
Saturday, OCI. 1 - Men's and women's cross country, All-Cal Tournament, at 

home, 11 am. 

SCIENCE AND ENGINEERING 
MAJORS: 

TAKE OUT INSURANCE NOW 
How about an "insurance" policy that your science or engineering degree will 

really be used? It would be nice. Especially conSidering the work you put intosuch a 
degree. 

The Air Force will use your talents. We have openings for young men and women 
majoring In selected science and engineering academic fields .. .Iike Aeronautical, 
Aerospace, General and Electrical Engineering, Mathematics, Physics and 
Computer Technology, and many more. 

One way to get Into these openings is through Air Force ROTC . Our AFROTC 
scholarship can help you financially so you can concentrate on getting your degree. 
AFROTC is great opportunity to help yourself through college, and the Air Force is 
a great opportunity to really use what you learn. 

Look into the Air Force ROTC program at your campus. It's good insurance. 

TO FIND OUT MORE ABOUT. THE CROSSTOWN AGREEMENT 
BETWEEN UCSD AND AFROTC AT SDSU ... CALL 265-5545. 

BOTC 
Golewoy to 0 greot woy 01 hIe. 

With the Latest Education 
from Sasson, Sebastien, & 

Toni & Guy ... 
let Us Design 

A Style For 
YOU I 

Ask for 
Michael, Marlo or Julie 
We also spOOk French & Spanish 
Arlt Time Customers onlY. 
Women ... S15.oo (Reg. S25.oo) 
Men ... S12.oo (Reg, $20,00) 

FREE 
CONSULTATIONS 

452·5620 
Call for AppOintment 

3251 Holiday Court Suite 201 (Above St. Germaine's) 

Green. ' 
FFOG is corning. Ddon't mmiss it. 

foil fesllvol 
tR~green 

UCSD 
JAZZ 
ElYSEMBLE 

friday, Oct 7 12noon 

Dunking Booth Banana SpIlt [atlng Contest Cooking Demos 
81ergarttn Mini-Triathlon Massage Dance [xhlbftlon food 

And Morel 

Dept. of Physical l:cIlDtJon 14037 
"~-~"~S.lft ....................................... ... 

1----------------------------------1 : SPAGHE'I"I'I! : 
: ALL YOU CAN EAT! : 
: $2.50 _ : 
: Mondays: 3:00 pm til close : ' 
I r--------------------~--------- I 1 I . U CSD Sl'Jecial : 1 
: :FREE Pifcher of Beer with any large Pizza I : 
I I _________ ~~~~~2! ___________ J I 
1 --- I 
I Open for Breakfast at 7:00 am I 
1 Phone Ahead 452-0661 AlIltema Available To Go! I 
1 Houn: 7 am - 9 pm daily, 7 am - II pm Friday 6i. Saturday, I I . 

KITCHEN 
" Chicago Style Italian Eatery 
~945 C"v" .. v. ,)nw, eiliversll\, CIIY, Sat.'way ShOPPlnll c;.,nr,·r 

--------------------------

Running Thoughts 
By MIKE GREENBERG cST JEFF SAVAGE 
WHAT'S GOING ON HERE DEPT, While the attrition rate at UCSD has dropped 
considerably in the last few years, the MFA count has skyrocketed. Prior to 1981 , MFA 
(Missing From Action) yearly figures averaged from ten to 16 percent. But in 1982. 
these figures rose to an eye-popping 34 percent. As more and more UCSD athletes 
inexplicably disappear from our campus, one has to wonder how this phenomenon 
has affected the Intercollegiate As.hlelic Department. Detrimental departures: Sr.lr guard 
·Paulette Parker (women's basketball) transfers to Santa Barbara . Former UCSD Athlete 

~f the Year Tammy Smit (women's volleyball) transfers to Cal State Hayward. 
SharpshOoter Ray Banales (men's baskctbaU) quits team. Starting goalie Tim Bolden 
(water polo) quits team. Kim and Michelle Whitmore and two time all-league recipient 
Vicki Pride (women's volleybaD) leaw team. What's going on here? 
NOT TO BE BEUEVED DEPT. With two minutes remaining in the New Orleans-
Dallas footbaU game yesterday and the Saints with possession at their own five yard 
.line owning a precarious one-point lead, the unbelievable occurred. Kenny Stabler, one 
of the aD-lime greats, commiutd a rookie blunder by r.lking a ten yard drop into 'the 
middle of the end zone where he was vulnerable to a safety. Sure enough, the DaDas 
from four converged upon the "Snake" to make lhe sack and give the Cowboys the 
win, 21-20. Why Stabler didn't throw a quick out or slant in instead of looking 20 
yards down field is beyond us. The Saints become the Ain'ts once again. . 
ON THE AIRWAVES DEPT. Our newest RT department will examine television and 
radio sports. Following in the OlymriC spirit, our debut will rank nallonal television 
fOOlbaU personahties with the meda system. The two races are the Play-Oy-Play and 
the Color Commentator. In the PBP race . receiving a bronze, and representing the 
tcam from CBS, IS Pat Summerall. The silver medalist is NBC's Dick Enberg. Winning 
the gold is college foolbaU 's provost of play-by-play, ABC's Keith Jackson. How do you 
do. In the CC race , John Brodie noses out Bob Trumpy to win the bronze for NBC. Ara 
Parsegian, Keith Jackson's teammate on college football telecasts, wins the silver medal 
for ABC. But winning the race (the only race he'D ever win) is John Madden for CBS 
with his chalkboard and booming style. Among those disqualified were Merlin Olsen , 
Lynn Swann and Gary Bender. 
NEXT QUESTION PLEASE DEPT. Who was the last switch hilter 10 win a major 
league basebaD Most Valuable Player award? Answer in Thursday's issue. 
COULD IT BE DEPT. Through our Running Thou.l:hts correspondent Bradley, who 
doubles as UCSD's head janitor. we have uncovered a 556 million operation headed by 
the Administration to bolster the IntercoUegiate Athletic program. But instead 01 raising 
coaches' salaries or offering part-time scholarships 10 high school blue-chippers, the 
funds have been earmarked for the constfl,lCtion of a domed stadium to replace M,!ir 
Field. Although Chancellor Atkinson was unavailable for comment, Bradley did discover 
a letter indicating the chancellor's enthusiasm lor the project. Construction on the site 
will begin shortly after the new year, and details about the new facility wiD be 
announced at a press conference two weeks from today. 

INTERESTED IN 
FRA'TERNITIES? 
V,C.S.p. 's InterFraternity Council 

is sponsoring an infonnal 
Barbeque, Monday, September 26th. 

Hot Dogs and Refreshments will be served 
at 5:30 pm followed by a 

Greek information Session 
at 7:00 pm. 

The festivities will take place beginning 
at 5:30 pm in the Rec. Patio 
across from the Indoor Pool, 
All Students interested in the 

Fall Fraternity Rush 
are encouraged to attend, 

For further information please stop by the 
IFC Information Table 

on the 
Revelle Plata. 

, 
. 

Intramural meetings 
fall sports captain's meetings days/time of play 
Women's Volleyball Wed Sept 28 @ 4pm Ma n 8pm-12m 
(OCI 3-Dec 1) AecGym Conferenc e Am Thurs 8pm-12m 
(6 women) 

Mens Volleyball Wed Sept 28 @ 5pm Mon- Thu 8pm-12m 
(Oct 3-Dec 1) AecGym Conference Rm 
(6 men) 

Coed Floor Hockey Wed Sept 28 @ 6pm Mon Tue lpm-9pm 
(Oct 1-Dec 3) AecGym Conference Am Wed lpm-12m 
(3 men 3 women) Sat Sun Bam-12n 

VVomen'S Flag Football Thu Sept 29 @ 3pm To Be 
(Oct S-Dec 4) Intramural Sports Office Arranged 
(1 women) 

Coed Flag Football Thu Sepl 29 @ 4pm Fn 3pm·6pm 
(Oct l -Dec 4) RecGym Conferenc e Rm Sat 9am-6pm 
(3 men 3 women) Sun 9am-6pm 

Men s Fla g Football Thu Sept 29 @ Spm Wed Thu 6 pm·9pm 
(Oc t 5-Dec 4) RecGym Conference Fn Jpm-6pm 
(7 men) Sat Sun 9arr-6pm 

Coed Uilimate DISC Fn Sept 30 @ 3pm Fn 3pm-6pm 
(Oct 7-Dec 4) RecGym Conference Rn Sun 9am-6pm 
(4 men 3 NOmen) 

Coed Team Te nniS Fn Sepl 30 @ 4pm TUGS l p m- l0pm 
(Oct 8-Dec 3) RecGym Confere nce Rm Wed l pm· lOpm 
(2 men 2 women) Sa t 9am· 12n 

Coed Innertube Water Polo Fn Sepl 30@ 5p rn Sun 12n-2prn 
(Oc t 5·Dec 4) RecGyrn Confe re nce Rill Sun 6p m-12m 
(4 men 3 women) MO'l- Thu 9prn-12m 

3-on-3 Basketball Mon lOct 3@ 4pm Sun 6pm- 11pm 
(Oc t 9-Nov 20) ~ecGym Conference Rm 
(3 men) (3 VVomen) 

Welcome To 
UCSD! 

We're here to satisfy your 
Cycling Needs: 

Transportation Competition 
Touring Sport 

Recreation 
Exercise 

Last but certainly not least-
Fun! 

We're in the 
Student Center across from the Pub. 
e're generally here from 10-5 Monday 
thru Friday and Noon - 5 Saturday. 

But for the next 3 weeks we'll be 
.,..., open week days 'till7pm. 

UCSD 
liKE SHOP 

Drop by and see 
our best selection 
f bikes and parts 

ever, or call 
452-4279 



p 
11 
1 

p 
11 
y 

Philosophy 1: The Nature of Philosophy 
T Th: 7:00 pm # 8:20 pm HL 1148 
Instructor: Michael Liston 
8294 DIS 1 W 9:00 am # 9:50 am HL 1160 
8295 DIS 2 W 11:00 am # 11:50 am HL 1160 
8296 DIS 3 Th 11:00 am # 11:50 am HL 1166 
Is there a God? What are good reasons for believing 
something? What is mind or consciousness and how does it 
relate to the world? Are all my actions determined or do I 
have free will? How ought I to live? These are questions 
which in some form or other have puzzled nearly all of us 
from time to time. They are also some of the central and 
perennial questions of philosophy. In this course we will 
examine these questions. read and evaluate a variety of 
responses - both traditional and contemporary - to them. 
and thereby gain an initial understanding of what 
philosophy is. and what are its methods and subject matter. 
Philo.ophy 116: llw! Scn.cture of Science 
MWF: 1:00· 1:50 APM 5880 lnltructor: Zeno SUlijli"" 
Will discuss !lOme of the follOwing scientific undertaKings, with examples from 
prt:Sent day/ old science: experimentation, data -gathering, theorizing, testing, 
calculating, axiomatizing, data evaluation, explanation, prediction control, etc. 
PhilO4lOphy 120: Political PflilosopAy 

Manum: Moral and Polilical QuestiON 
T Th: 2:30 • 3:50 HL 1166 
Instructor: Gerald Doppell - Tracy Strong 
Marxism and its approach to and/or blindness towards some central and 
politlcal and moral questions: justice, rights, fn..,dom and the moral virtues. 
l'rc'Te'lUlSIIC5 : Sophomo re standing or Instructor's permission. (Cross-listed as 
Political Science 114A). 
Philosophy 140: Pflilosophy and Exulanlialum 
MWF: 2:00 - 2:50 HL 1166 Instructor: Roberl Pippin 
Books: Nietzsche's &.,onJ GooJ unJ E"i/, Husserl's Phc'lWmc'TI%lCf,mJ Ihe emu of 
Phdoso/Jhy, Hddl'gger 's &'"~ unJ Time. Heldl'gger's cnticism of metaphysical 
tradition, and his attempt to " recowr" the question of Bemg, and his radical 
transformation of the tradition philosophic understandmg of the theory-practice 
rdatlon. 
Philosophy 153: Film and Philosophy (F ilm Aesl#telics) 
MF: 1:00 - 1:50 USB 3020 Instructor: Mark Wilson 
What consmutes the "nms of ~xpr"sslon in Him and how do they differ from 
those In other meJ,a! How might a film purn·ay a first person Point-of-View, a 
psycholO!!ical sl3te, a philosophical thesisl These topics and others will be 
tudieJ throu~hout the concrete examination of a broad range of classic films. 

PhilOliophy 162: Philo~o"hy of La .. , 
T Th: 11 :30 - 12:50 APM 2313 Inlitructor: Richard Arneson 
"Under what conditions IS it justifiable for the state to use legal coerCIOn to 
restric t the freedom of its CI tizens!" Will discuss the limits of freedom of speech, 
privacy, p.1tcrnalism, legal enforcement of moral, censorship and pornography, 
and state rl'Strictio n of Jev lant sexual behaVIor. 

Lady 
Styles 

chinese f 83 
language 
~ 

C .... ae SbMIIa 11 • PInt Year CIdaae Course Codt M18 
Lee Mwr - 9-9:50 - DB 2U! 

Tut 1 TJ'hr 8-8:!O H55.5086 
Tut 1 TJ'hF 10-10:50 H55.5086 
Tut 3 TJ'hF 11-11:50 H55 lO86 

Cblaese Sbidia 11 - SecoIId Year Chlnew Course Cock 5319 
Lee HWf - 10-10:50 - H55 lJ05 

Dis 1 TJ'h 9-9:50 H55 3086 
Dis 2 m 10-10:50 ArM 2101 

Cbinese Sbadia 111 Course Code 5320 
Lee MW - 1-2:50 - HSS 1138 and f - 1-1:50 - HSS 1138 

Cbinese Studies 121 - fourth Year ChiDae Course Code 5321 
Lee TIh - 1-2:50 - ArM 2101 

Cbinese Studies 18lA - Intl'Odudion to Cluskal Cblaese 
Lee HWf - 3-3:50 - HSS 1138 Course Code 5323 

ror furtber iDfonaation cd tile hognm In Cblnae Studies, 
IISS lO84, 45 1. 

Slee~las Sweatskirt 
White, Crew Neck sleeveless 
sweatshirt with banded annholes. 

50% Cotton/50% Acrylic 

Sites: S(34'36), M(3S,40 ) , L(42 '44) 
Regularly $12.75 

With This Ad 
1:lj~'J for '83 ~ $7.95 

Sale Septemhe ~? .J rd. thru September 30th. 
UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE 

Monday thru Friday 8:00 am .,. 4:45 pm 
Saturday 10:00 am .,. 4:00 pm 

EXTENDED HOURS DURING RUSH 
452 .. 3786 

V-ball tradition still 
alive despite lo,~s 
By STEVEN R. FRIEDMAN 

In the short hiSUll)' of UCSO's 
Intercollegiale Adtlmcs, women's 
volleybaB has become the first program 
[0 establish a tradition oC excellence. 
Afler winning the Div. III championship 
lWO yean '10 and narrowly losing in the 
finals Jut yar. the women splkers 
should be in contention apin this yar 
for the top spot In the nation, 

A ~ crowd turned out to the 
women s voIkybaII game aainst New 
Mexico Swe UnMnity l1iursday in 
Triton Pavilion and they ftDed w IYI1l 
with chants of "Luuuu" in support of 
senior aetl£r Lulu Schwartz and the rest 
of "Lu'. Company." The Tritons brouaht 
to Thursday's match a m:ord of8-7.but 
this m:ord is deceiving. as at seven 
bIleS were to teams of the hip. 
athltctic _nding. Div. I. When 
competing against teamS within their 
own division, the Triton women have 
been blowing their opponents of[ the 
wood in compiling a perfect ~ record. 

Playing before their lint home 
audience this year, the Tritons 
perfonned very lentatively in the lirst 
game, and the score rdlecled it in a 
lopsided 15-4 defeat. But the Uidy Tritons 

repined Cha=hlp Conn to play 
respectable \It the next two 
pmes aplnst a raler and mort 
experienced Division J team. 

With only one senior, the young 
Triton squad was up pnst a New 
Mexico team that inclUded six seniors. 
Sttona hini." perforr+nces by Molly 
Whe8dty OJ~) and Debbie Doran 
(eight kiDs in 11 aue~pts) provided 
enouah firepoftr to qlabIe UCSD to 
give New Mexico som~ stiff competition. 
They wa't outpointedi in the semnd 
game 1'-10, but the ~rd game was 
more Indicative of the intensity and 
excitement experienced in the past and 
anticipated this seasop. Buoyed by the 
home crowd. the UCSO women gained 
momentum by jumpi"8 out to an early 
lead, only to have the 'game slip away in 
the end 16--14, thereby evening their 
record at 8-8. . , 

Despite the loss, die Tritons 
demonstrated the poise and posilive 
allitude that have become a trademark 
under Coach Doug Dannevik. And 
despite their misleading record thus far, 
you can be sure that ~is Triton 
tradition remains very much alive. 

~,~ ... "...-:lt'w' ____________ ";""-____________ ,,,,,·:k:.",~~ 
p i ~ 
{ Be Creative aDd Win a ~EIC5E" Classic!!! , 

Enter our Back-to-School cOntest by November 1, 1983 and 
you'll have a chance to win iYour very own Gieaer Classic 
Jacket. Prizes will be awarded to the bat entry from each 
Colleae or University. 

Choose from 2 CltCloria: 
I. Describe your thoulhls on experi-

ences with the benefits and advan-
Illes of a GEIGER CLASSIC. or ; 

2. Compose a newspaper or radio 1dYer. II 
tisement which hilhlilhlllhe -.ivan- , 
tales and bene fils of a GEIGER I 
CLASSIC. 

Fill OUI an enlry form loday al 

, 

Lilly Pulitzer 
1298 Prosp«t Street 

GEIGEFI i a tbl original GEIGER OF AUSTRIA INC. Pond Lane Middlebury, Vermont 05753-0728 
1-800-633-4100 
~ -~-------------------------------------;'I~ll,.':.J;(,:.fl""l-

SAVE AT ELEK-TEK 
TEXAS INSTRUMENTS if 
SA· II 33 PC · 200I NEW) 52 
SA· 35 22 

... n · Prog'lfflme< 50 
n·35·SP 17 TI·5~O·1l 49 
SA· 55 03 TI·5.30 60 
fI · 5S · 11 33 TI · 5 102 - '" 75 
n'57 29 SA·55 n · 5219 .30 
n ·&6 (NEW, 52 TI · 5310 97 

COMPACT COMPUTER 40 
34K Oytes Ol ROM 6K bytes Of RAM Constant Memory Fea -
ture. Convement pluo-m appllcatlDns so'lware Enhanced 
BASIC programming language Easy-to-use Iypewfllef-Style 
,aWERTY) keyOO¥d Batlerv-po.yered 31 C'Watt_lCO [liS-
p! a y PlenQfler at Interface COMac"on 
.... d'ecou .. on eoftw .. and.c ••• ~ too. 

HEWLETT-PACKARD 
LCD PROBLEM SOLVERS 
HP-l0C Scienllfic . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. . $54 
HP-l1C Scientiflc ... .. .. ... ... .... . ... 70 
HP-15C Scientific . . . . . .. • . . . . . . • . . . . 90 
HP-12C FiMnciaI . . . . . . . . . . . . . . • . . . .. 90 
HP-I6C~ ................ . . 90 
HP'97 Desktop Scientific ..... .. ... . .. 560 

HP-41 C "05 
HP-4 ICV 

200 "I!III_-' 
Optical Wand 
C¥d ReitOer 
Pon,er 1121.3AI 
a_RA,.. (looH"" C) 

95 
l OS 
283 
60 

.. ·,,_s 
e at MIttOOfY MOOlIte 60 
flltt FunctIOn Modute 60 
Tune Mooule 60 
HP-I L lOOQ MocIu.. 95 
091.11 CasAtla Dove 335 
Printer Plolter I HP III 335 

WHI LE lI MITID QUANTITIES LAST 

1M "-"01' lI"'" fIi( -un _ ·co.NIIa 
BASIC II~ '424 steo Pf"OQI'.m cacac-
Ity WIth 26 memones. and 241 "91 ClIsptay 
_ "" ... " \110 EUI· TIll $40. 

'('lI HUI l) A [l('l l' .... ( 
.. to "J 

I l ! +' I",,· "u," u tl ,j'" I 
'1; I ' I' I I ~ m j :)~~ 

rr Will. NOT BE REP£A11:D 
.................. ,.~.""' ..... " ........ c.-., 
a.dI, -"W, ,.,..,( .... (2 .. , ... , _,_t.O', U. ... ltI 
.... 11 ...... -' .... , .... "'" ....................... ,.. 
..., ....... _I .. -a ...... -..JI·..,_,.., 
.......... --..... ..... Mllan·1h ... __ _ 
_ . 111_," ___ 



• 

I _ 

FORD BRONCO U 
and the U.S. Volleyball 
Team ... A Tough Team 
to Beat! 

• Bronco 1I has the 
most powerful V-6 
engine-more 
horsepower and 
torque than 
Chevy S-IO Blazer. 

• Tighter turning 
radius than the 
S-IO Blazer or 
JeepCJ's, 

• Twin-Traction 
Beam suspension 
for controlled 
riding. 

• Removeable rear 
windows and sun 
roof options! 

AT FORD, QUALITY IS 
JOB #I! 

BROHCOD 
ITS A ' A 
• IAIID~.lIa~ 
~ _MtogoIher -~_UP 

Super G's 
By THOMAS RANKIN 

The Super G, counesy of the ISF, is 
making a big emrance imo the 
American market this year, hot on the 
heels of last season's enthusiastic 
embrace of this bastard son of GS by 
the Europeans. Cynics might surmise 
from thIS that certain vested interests 
have created a new type of ski purely 
for the sake of generating sales in an 
area of the ski market that has been 
lagging behind the new leader, (what's 
thIS?) OO<.s. Nonsense . The Super G is a 
perfectly logical response to the 
question, ·Ho~ does one gamer more 
anention from televiSIon sports 
coverage?" The answer, of course IS to 
offer more hair-raising, high-speed 
events. Voila! The Super G. 

The most fascinating aspeCt of the 
binh of this new ski is the variety of 
approaches taken by different 
manufacturers in bringing it into 
production. Some pulled downhill 
models off the shelf and sliced s1a\om or 
GS sidecw into them. Others did the 
opposite, staning with a GS ski and 
adding a downhill base with a bit of 
damping on the shcwd balanced by a 
!riffer, sllsNJy broader lail, oI'tren with 
cracked edges up around the tip to 
control chatter withoUl sacrificing 
responsiYeness. 

But what does it aI mean 1 Only this: 
when you are flying down a white 
blanket of virgin powder with the wind 
ripping the flesh hom your face and the 
morning sun dazzling your still sleepy 
eyes, you will lay your proud new Super 
G's over and, unlike most fast cruisers, 
they win whip you into your desired 
tum. Right now. No more lazing back 
on your heels here, folks, because rhe 
Super G asks no quaner and gives none. 

I tried a pair of Super G's at Bariloche 
in Argentina in late August and found 
them to be rhe most satisfying ski since 
Olin's short-lived Mark V of rhe mid 
1970's, a nasty skI that proved a bit too 
hairy-palmed for the recreational 
market. My Super G's were Kastles thar 
had been made for Europe, presumably 
the same basic layout we wiD see in rhe 
States this season. I do not wish to 
arbitrarily endorse Kastle, however, so 
the reader should await more extensive 
testing before laying down the hefty 
price that wil doubdess adorn this new 
model. 

There's more. Aside from the not-yet-
available-to-the-public Olympic model 
put out by Vuamet, I experimented with 
a very intriguing new piece of 
equipment, the V.A.R. Racing binding 
made by Ess's V.A.R. can be adjusted 
fore and aft a total of 6 centimeters. If 
one desires greater stability and longer 
turns, one simply moves the binding 
back a bit on its built-in runners. For 
deep powder, move it fan her back. For 
quicker turning, move it forward. 

In sum, then, there is a new dawn on 
Ihe snowy horizon. 

thoDe BIble Studla--~ J!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!~ UC San Diego Speakers' Forum!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!t 
presents 

Monday Evenings at 7:30 
Psychology at Ilnguistics Bldg. Room 2322 

Thursday Evenings at 7:30 
at the Catholic Lounge 

University Lutheran Church 
(across from ReveDe College) 

Join other UCSD students for an evening 
of informal discussion and sharing. 

AD 1Ib1. StacH •• beaIn the .... of 
October 3, 1983. 
Sponsored by the 

Catholic Student Coordinators 
L..-----452-1957 or 452-2521-------' 

DIAN fOSSEY 
UThe Life & Threats to the Survival 

of the 
Mountain Gorilla" 

September 29, Thufldav, 8:00 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 

G.A: $5.00, Sr./ Sr. Citizen $3.50 
((iii 5ccltS Tl'Sl'TWJ) 

UCSD Boll Office: 452·4559 or 452.4090 
proou.:cJ by lhe Univcnily Ennl. Offke in coo~rarion 

;'iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii;;;iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii wi I h I he L.S, B, Leakey Fou nJarion. ";iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiil 

~ *WI( «Xl b' .. IJ!IOd COl dIIar. price 
negoflablw phone 455-9536. (9/'l!9) 
Moped b' lalalleMPLtGGIO, ---.----d' COI"""'tdlttftlQlinl1, ~ S300 or belt aIIIIr. (9/29) 
$Alit up to ~ <¥\ <*noIt ~ unmarked 
TEXlIOOICS In MaItt 2D ~ 11M 12Of< 10M. AMES 

~ 13M 17~ P1'1¥11c114Mo EECS 1«11' 22M and 
PhIl 13). Go to Mover HQII 50117 a calf ..a52. AM-5622 _ (10/10) 
lEN SPEED 5ctIwWln Continental lor IDle. = 
oonctttof\ 21 in. flame. /UIt tuned. Colt Ben 457-
(10/6) 
'77 0IdI Cutlc:a. 1IMIr, 4-d00r. ~ ..... AskIng 
51999 . .s7~ a~. (9/26) 
1q()6 Karmann GhIa. new painl bIaceI dutch. runs 
and IOOb ~. wtth 1UIlIOCt. -..0. l IICIIo KG 
parts, $2800 0I1le11 - mat ... makeolert 4M-4607. 
-*9-CfO/3) 
twaJN 1977 810. ~ ~ NA/F+A t 
cc..n •• 'QQiCi, 6600 mI. S2SXl.JCilhnMIII~·2885. (9fM;) 
1975 NIIC Pacer, IIO.(D) mIa 6 ~ 0IICIc 1hIIt. I\A 
good, S1075. 238-6911 cQI&"'~nIghI& (9/29) 

n-once _ a woman 110m UCSO 
WtQe fuIuIe IocItIed dark 01 CICIO be. 
AI1Ilcugtt 1M pIICIIeIIect long lloud. 
It _'t .. 1M ccrne to WCNIfD 
!hal N ~ what her goaII WOUd be. 
(9/26) 

~ CI\odeI WeIcoI •• back to IChooII And Ihal*lIOI 
a QMQI IUI'III'nSII Now POll Itte c::ttocoIc* IOUOSI 
lCCM. (9/'11;) . 
SIItets d AOII: Ancfha' ~ haa begun. and I'm'" 
arctIed about the t.n1fIc ...,... ftIendI. and 
tOOt ••• ICIIeI I h<weI HeNs a gtWCIt Ruah and a 
wonderfuIlchacI ~. Alpha 0.. KIIIot. (9/26) 
Lean tench bIakIIng and 14 otner btaIdIng 
lechniQIa with INa iIIuIItoIed biQId boaIc. Step-Ov. 
Up IIlIItuctior& Send $495 10 Pocheco PI-. 41 7 
Pactteoo Ave. Satta Cruz. CA 9!S062. (9/26) 
Have vou "-' WONEr1'I Gel WONEO INI fOIIf1 
(9/26) 

SAN IRFE. Metdco. October 21-23. 5105. LuturkM 
beach-Ironl accomodatlons. tranlPOltallon. 
COIttpllli.~ bar. GEI-MNNf rows. 275-3030 
113'1). (~about cu gIOUp dIIcounls.) (10/3) 

DO YOU RAVE -rRlmCIIITSTUFF? 
... All UCSD Students, Faculty. Stall 
..... A IUatblon: Td9ia QuIz • 10E Run 
...... October 15th 
-.. Canyon VtMr 

AquaticI. Racquetball 
1l1li: To baft Nn. win an IBM 

PeDonaI C<>mputeJI 
IBM" 

uc:&O 
U~-=:%::' 

BPs~~~~ 
BIATHLON 

OCTOBER 15, 1983 -~.---' 

By JAMES RALPH PAPP 
ACROSS 
1. Fearful musical comedy writer 
3. Nineteenth century music's only Saint 
5. WWI songwriter: bombed in WWlI 
9. Before the eyes of sight-readers 
11. Word suitable to be sung with lyre 
12. Beast with scales. inhabiting deep 
regions 
13. The drift or purpon of a male singer 
14. Music of stoners 
15. Stammer very qUiedy 
16. Part of a musical body 
19. A note made before dinner, played 
befo~ music 
21. Songs which quickly depan from 
words 
24. A happy musical club 
25 . Healthier if longer, for musicals and 
exercisers 
26. A '60s infestation from Britain 
29. Not just reedy but doubly reedy 
instrument 
32. The kind of song that sets people alight 
34. What a symphony does 01T season 
DOWN 
I . Transfers energy to the orchestra 
2. What came before bop 
3. Soprano who sin~ from windows 

4. Indefinite anicle that happened to fit 
2. A hot and crossed song subject 
6. Violas, second ------ players in an 
orchestra 
7. Runs along a tube or column 
8 . The concenmaster throws out the first 
one of the season 
10. Musicians do it on a stringed 
instrument, others on their spouse's 
shoncomings 
12. What to learn after learning to be 
17. Army brass 
18. A song the audience cannot always 
fonow 
20. Distinguishes foreign musicians and 
sometimes foreign music 
22. A 20th centuty tenor who achieved 
anistic isolation 
23. Male singers worth about 51.50 at 
cumnt exchange rate 
27. Improvised Rourish to beat the blues 
28. Conjunction in the scale 
30. Musical instrument noted for its 
bigness 
31. For which music was created in the 
first place 
33. Shortened version of "a published 
work" 

Attention 
Third College Students 
The Third College Council must fill one 

position for the AS. representative from 
Third College plus one position for the 
A.S. Alternative and the Media Board. 
Applications for this position must be 
submitted into the Dean·s OffIce by 

TuacIay, October 4th. 
Call Marco at 452-4390 for more 

information. 



.. 

Visual Arts 
Fall 1983 

Coune Descriptions 
II.waldHAIn'.~lO"'WAL.NDd ..... 
'RH 1M. a..c. .., ... s.a. See Sell ....... c.u,. Code 

For a I~ description of tt1s courw ~ ~ ID t~ UCSD General catalog. 
10 •• INIL MBIIAn DllAllllNG, ...... 
HLIa. • .., 1,..2ItO. ,Caune Code •• ,.. 

A contirwtion rI V1suaI Arts lOS*\. The student will be exposed ID a wider varietyofmNnS in 
r~ion. The ronnotationaI rangr of ditfe'mt sons of 'marIes' and represented 'spaces' 
will be ecpIored. Pr~equisit~: VA lO~ 01 mnsent of 1nsb'UCl0l. 
1 ... ~ .... "HIC DIIAIIIIINCL ...... 
HL 1 __ • Tnt .... 11 .... fCGune Code.,.. 

This Is a studio muM ecpIomg for (Of ~.y purposes suctI as YeI'baf-\IIsuaI art forms as: 
.Japanese callgr~ and ~ f9JratiYr chwing wtidl grows out of iC. Fersian ~. 
5urrNlist mncrete po«ry. and M1er'icMl cat'IDOn5 \Ntich operN equaI~ 1tY0tql teet ind 
imagt. 
'0_ .• "_Bn'A'IIONM. ~ Hal ....... N. 
we .'0. Tnt '2100-2110. tcaune CodeI ..... 

Representaional ~ will work with ~ ~. ~ ~. photogr~. ind 
aawfng. 0Isa1SSb'l and slides will be used ID ecarnne ~ hisIDry ind theories rI 
repreentation. Practlcr will adIRss problems of Nrratlon. ~ be repeated onc~ for credit. 
P1wequlsite: VA l07A 01 consent of Instructor. 
10,.. 'I'MNSACTION wrnt ". GTY ............ No 
we ... TIM .... 1 , ••• fCeune CodeIONJI 

Transaction with ttlr City will introctJCr students ID some of ttlr scu~aI possibIJItjes In the 
urban erIIIironmenl. Students will ~ intenor and exterior public spaces. baCh bmaI ind 
inbmal. in ~ San Diego erMrons. Students wiN be asked to mak~ proposals. pin. andmodl!ls 
for specific sites of their own seIeaion lkban systems. space. time ~ corwent. and 
potential aJdimcr In rel.1tion ID ttlr sltr wig be discussed An ecanination of works donr 011'« 

t~ last several decades will Worm group discussion and criticism. SimpIr marerIaIs such • 
photogr~~. collage. cardboard. found oqfeas. etc.. will be used. ~ be r~ om fer 
credit P1wequisit~: VA l07A 01 consent of instructOl. 
107M. OIUIICT AS ~ SUnp 
we ... _ IZ .... Z1IO. ,Coune Code ...... 

ThIs class consists of cr~amg thr~mensionaI ~ by a variety of basic tectYliques such. 
building negatiII'e molds out of cardboard from wtidl a positlYr oqea Is cast in molding pIast~. 
We wig also use wood, cardboard. arld bind mat~1aIs ~ ID ecpIore a basic attitude 
toward SQJ"tur~. Besides ttlr studo work. ther~ win be lectures and Slides wih ~ on 
corumporoary work. ~ be repeated once fer credit Prerequisite: VA 107A or c.onsent rI 
InStructor. 
lIZ. AIff HlSTOaICAL ~ Gr_ "lin 
'RH 111. T 1 .... • 12J1O. ,Coune CodeI .... 

A critical rMNi of ttlr principal strategies of inIIestigation In past and presmt art-historlcal 
practice. a scrutiny of their contexts and undef¥ng ~ and a IooIc at alternatilotr 
possibihties. Open to Art Histay /Critiosm ~ and ~aI arts ~aclJat~ studmts~. Others 

\NeIcomeasspace~mits. Shouldbetakeninthesenior~ar. Pr~equisit~:one~~art 
histay/critiosm COU~ required; two r~ 
.. -. HlSTOrt '" carncJIM •• ". ....... 'L ••• Q:...AMt 1M ~y 
MODmINAGa 
...... 1h -..1.10 .... 1M. fCaI ..... eo.. .,' .. 

Alter a bOd suM!)' of seteaed ~ Ith arid eighteenth anrury tedS (Of ISiSliIg ~of 
t~writingofconnoisaMs. ttlrcouMwiHconantrar~on~~emergrtltphllosoptKaland 
art critical disCDuM in France. ~. and England. with readings in sudl ptiIoIopt1icaI 
works as Kant's CrIIIque of Judgmenc. Hegel's EsrhaIta. Kierlcegaarcfs __ 1«. and 
Nietzsche's INrth of TnIgIdy. Art critical writings will includr selections from Diderot. 
\Mndc~. Reynolds. Sterd1al.Baudelalr~. C~. Mallarmr. Ruskin. Morris. WlIdr. 
and Pat~. Writings of various artists from Delacroix ID \XIhistler and V., Gogh will abo be 

col1Sl~~. Pr~equislt~: none; courses in art hislDry and criticism recornrnend!d. 
114. IVfr c:aITICISM. " ..... 
... , ... M IZ1OO· ZrIO. ,Coune CodeI .... 

This COUM is intended to ~ critical ~oaches to cont~ary art. It wllllrM!stigIIe 
contemporary forms of art criticism. stressing baCh traditional and aItematr points of 1IieIN. 
OUtd5lde field trips and critical writings will be assig'Ied. 
1 .. SNCIAL PIIOIB:TI .. VISIML AIITI. a. ..... L 
... 'M. W .100· SrSO. ,caur. CedelIIOO1 

Nl inquiry into ~ natlXe of binocular perception arid Its application to ~ making of art. The 
COUM will consist of J«tures. demonstrations. and extensiYr r~adings from the literatur~ on 
visual mat~ial. Durihg the second half ot t~ COUM ~ach students will make WOI ks of 

st~eoscopic art. This can take ~al forms. ~ most accessiR* mamer of working would be 
with st~eo slides in a narrat~. dorumentaryor ecperimental mode. AIt~ would be with 
pho«~~hc st~eograms for dir«t viewing. 16mm st~«> film. '-«t~aphs. or red-green 
arlaglyph st~eograms ttyoug, painting and drawing. Pr~equislte: upper division. PartKuIar 
~aI to media m<!jors. Beginning Phot~~,¥ required. 
, ... CRmCAL HISTORY CW ZGItI CENnMIY PHOTCJGIIAIIHY ....... 
... 8111. TlH 12100 - l:a.,Coune Code.OIZ01 

The course WIll begin with a sketch of t~ early 19th Century background of the OIigins of 
photogr~,¥ and WIll artIculate a number of the fundamental ISSUes rased by it. It will then 
concentrate on the development of t~ medium from St~litz's Photo Secession to the present. 
enphasizlng the career of sum critical issues as the factuality. truthfulness or representational 
adequacy rais~ by the histOf)' of the genre. as well as It claims to art or craft status arld the 
related questIOns of expressive ~adty. relation to notions of taste. technICal excellence, or 
StyltstlC signIficance. These will be studied in the context of the development of commercal and 
mass medIa uses of ph::>togr~hy In the 20th Century. 
, ... FILMS IN SOCIAL CONI'EXT ........ E. 
HSS 2250. M 6:00 - ':50 

Week by week, ths class WIll explore how dIfferent sooal configuratIOns hav~ been 
represented In fIlm. What. for example. do the JuvenIle dehnquents of BI«kboard Jungle 
(1955/. the Frenm teenagers of lI!ro for Conduct (1933/. and t~ bored suburban kIds of Over 
the Edg~ 11981) all have In common 71s It poSSIble that they all have the same stories to tell 7 And If 
so. why 7 Other SOCIal categories covered WIll Indude ' the famIly. comrruntty. CIty. sexuahty. and 
madness Some of the films to be sh::>wn Indude: Idle C/oiss. ~ked KIss. Exterml".lng Angel. 
Sulllvan's Tr~s. EI. and Sandakarl a ABOUT THE PROFESSOR: Ernest Larsen. hfs novet Not 
a Through Street. \Il.OO a speoal Edgar Award from the Myst~ Wnt~s Assooatton. and has 
been optIOned for produolOn by Warner Brot~s. For seven years assooate editor of Jump Cut. 
whdl IS among t~ most Influential Atnerlcan Iilm magazln~. he has publIshed an '"l'ressNe 

bo~ of Ulttosm on Hollywood and Independently-made films. He has consIstently been among 
the most popular and well-respected teachers In the I.Jt/Wrlttng program at LK:SO. 
217. ADVANCED PROJECtS IN AIn. CoMn. H. 
Man 1'" 1h .... - .:,.. 'CIOUne CDde 4111t 
Sullllll ... , All .... T .......... 

At a time when artists are presented WIth mary new t«hnologies ~eIoped in non-art 
domains, It becomes loueastngly mportarlt to understand t~ w¥ In whch technologies 
enable. or constratn theIr ~. ThIs sefmnar WIll examIne In depth a number ot k~ techological 
developments In t~ hlstOf}' of art-malClng. Induellng modern developments _ke \/Ideo and 
co"llutlng. It WIll attempt to draw some conclusIOnS about the nature of "enablIng" and 
"constranlng" what artists need from technologies. t~ degr~ to whch theoretical-knowledge 
of the technologf changes Its use and vlaue to the artIst. and - particularly tn relatIOn to modern 
technologies - the constratning of the "hidden." non-art purposes whldl have directed t~lr 
design and development 

AOVANCED UNDERGRADUATES WELCOME AS SPACE PERMITS 

IT TAKES A BEilER 
GRADE CALCULATOR TO 

GEl A BEIlER GRADE 

$73.95 sugg. J8IaIIS90.oo 
• Ptograt'TVTlCJble 
• Advalced engineering and 

Statistical functions 
• 203 PIogIam Unes 
• 21 storage registers 
• RPN logic. continuous memory. 

and 1 Q.dIgIt LCD cIspIay. 

HEWLETT 
PACKAAD--

$57.80 
• PIagrCIlmabIe 
• EngIn .. di1g and Statistical . 

F\n:tkn 
• 79 Aogalls-. 
• 10 ConItaI It MarnorIeI 
• RPN logic. cmttnuous memory. 

and 10<1g1t La> dIpIay. 

HP-15C $98.50 ..... 813).00 

$98.50 ... I8IaII $13).00 .16C 
• Proga.mabie 
• Computer Science F\..rlctIaw 
• Blnary/Octal/Declmal/ 

Hexadecimal COOV8IIIons 
• 203 Ptogram lines or 101 1~ 

data registers 
• 1'5 and Zs complement unsigned 

modes 
• Boolean AKJ. OR. NOT. XOR 
• RPN logic. continuous memory. 

and 10-d1g1t LCD display . 

HP-41C 

$159.95 
sugg. retail $195.00 

• Programmable 
• Over 130 advanced functions 
• 400 program lines 
• AJpha numeric display 
• Expandable to 2(XX) program lines 
• Optional printer/piotter. card reacJer. optical wand 

HP-41CV available also. 

UNMRSITY BOOKSTORE 
Q-008, UCSD, La Jolla, California 
Open Monday through Friday 

8:00 am to 4:45 pm 
Open Saturday 10:00 am to 4:00 pm 

Extended Hours During Rush 
a2-G'1 


