
UCSD wrestles 
away $2.2 
million for 

-

--

See story on page 9. 

, •• , I 



o AL U DO ... I 
OU' BUD GEl 

Intramural Bud Football Playoff Preview 
Well here it is already, playoff time. 

But before we really get into the 
~ofts I would like to mention the 
eight tearns with the 'Real' 1M attitude. 
That is, 10 participate no matter what 
the results are. These teams have a 
combined record 01 0-35. That's right, 
'0' for the season. But they showed up 
for every game making sure to have fun 
and participate in the 1M spirit. There 
was not one of those hated forfeits with 
these teams. 

In no particular order of importance I 
would like to give these teams who 
never receiv~ any ink some ink. 

The Bruised Brothers, led by captain 
Mike Browne went 0-5 this year. They 
considered going single 'A' football but 
changed their minds (that's a change) 
thinking they were too good. They had 
an idea of their talent though. Their 
name used to be the Bruise Brothers 
after the former awesome Charger 
front four. But they changed their name 
to the Bruised Brothers when reality 
struck home. The 'A' Team, 0-4, was 
obviously not a bunch of Mr. T's. They 
were actually a bunch of real swell guys. 
They have the distinction of being the 
only tearn out of ISO football teams to 
lose two games in overtime. With a little 
luck they could have been playoff 
bound. But then again, I wouldn't be 
writing about them now. The Invisible 
Hands, 0-4, must have known 
something when they named .their 
team. Running teams just don't win in 
the SO's. Horse Pulls Wide Load, 0-5, 
used their football games as a tune up. 
You see, these guys played on Fridays 

3:00 just before the TGs. A little 
sweat, a cut with some blood and a few 
tears in dads old shirt and bingo, 
dressed and ready to go in style to the 
TG. The Cavity Creeps, 0-5, tried to 

..... ·.MA !Ieee'" o.w. 

use the same philosophy as the Horses 
but got a bad lottery number at the 1M 
team captain's meeting and had to play 
Saturday mornings at 10:00 am. They 
blame their poor record on the TGs, 
too many Budweisers and too many 
hangovers. Vanilla Thunder's 0-5 
record is very deceiving. They played in 
the toughest league in IMs. The teams 
in this league rival the Oakland Raiders 
(it's stiD Oakland t., me) in number of 
hard hits, before and after the whistle. It 
was a very competitive league 01 .-
usual "we can win single A" sickness. 

The last two teams, The Rechargers 
and The 'L' With You, share the special 
'Spirit of IMs' award. What's so special 
about these two squads? Well they are 
the only teams in the IMs this year who 
didn't srore a single point. That's 6 
hours and 40 minutes of tootball 
without crossing the goal line onc •. But 
week after week they showed up to test 
their skills and have a good time. After 
all it isn't the Super Bowl they're 
competing tor ... 

It's bigger than that little game. It's 
the Animal Bowl, the Banana Bow1, the 
Cadaver Bowl, the Climax Bowl and 
the Soul Bowl. These are the bowl 
gama for those ~ and fans of 1M 
football. Thee bowls are the 
culmination of many weeks of practice, 
cutting labs, missing your high school 
homecomings and your old !Flfriend, 
telling your professor your 
grandmother died and you can't take 
the midterm, and trying to get refs on 
your side by buying them beers at the 
Pub. Ya folks. This is it. Plaaloff fever. 
That means it's time once again for me 
to go out on a limb and pick the 
winners. You know the Budrnan is 
rarely wrong. 

1. Vork Hun, Club 40 2 I Defendong champs w~1 have a 'ough lIme re.,..a"ng • 
2. PWP 
3. The Blue ludes 
4. TKE 
5 Chocolar C,ty 

..... ·.AA 
I Sana" & ,~ 8agge<s 
2 LSC 
3 No Nex' Vear 
4 Ho ....... heads 
5 Rude Boys 
6 Bu" 5'a,e 
7TDH&Co 
8 Razorbacks 
9 June Cleaver's Beaver 
10 Those GuY' 

..... ·.A 

4 0 3 I Budrnan·. PIck 
3 I 10 I Aiall ""II be dosappo,n,ed again 
3 2 25 I Po .. ,bIe fir .. AM fra,emlly champ 
2 2 2~ I Strong early .howulg. lalter,ng Ia'ely 

~ 0 25 Be,,~ ranch 
5 0 4-1 QuiChe ealers could surprISe 
50 5-1 In,ens"y could carry ,hem '0 ,~ fInal 
5 0 10·1 No su.,..rstars on 'hIS 'eam 
4 I IS·} Should ge' ,he" fingers slapped 
4 } 2()'1 Rumor ha. " coach IS """'lOg on '0 Mldml '0 replace Shula 
3 I 50 I Hold UC5D record for 8th slroogh' year In playoH. 
3 I 100 I WIShbone .,,11 obsoIe,e 
3 I 1000 I T many beavers & no' enough Eddie Ha.kells 
3 I 1001 I Who are 'hose guy.' 

I R,dgemont 4 0 2 5 Be" ~ ranch & every! hlng el ... you own 
10 I Not a. good as ,hey think ,hey are 2 Eldo's Orchid Pumpu\lS 5 0 

3 The Harshen 5 0 I~ I Com"""',,,n '00 harsh 
4 Fe .. ,lozers 50 
5 Psycheologocally Addoc,ed 4 I 
6 RemnanlS 4 I 

20 I Have been known '0 play ilke 'fe"~lZer' 
50 I Went 'hrough ,~ Steve Howe rehab c1,mc 
55· I lookIng for fir .. playoH wIn on 5 years 

7 Jona'han Axe 4 I 
8 Froends 01 Fa' Chuck 4 I 

60 I They dress well. bu' can ,hey play when rt caunlS 
7~ I Chuck may lose some f"ends 

9 TWl$,ed 5,Sler 4 I 1000 I T WIS'ed minds 
10 Pa"y AnImal. 4 I • 1002 I Hangovers have been a problem 

c ..... "" 
I R.,urn 01 ,he Be"er Hands 5 0 2 I 4 "me champs should repe.' 
2 4,h & Inches ~ 0 3 I Won', get ,he ,nche. 
3 Bod Kn.... 50 72 Bad Knees 
4 Hot Fudge ~O 4 I Be .. sho' .. hands 
5 Gang T acklen 5 0 
6 5 Vear Plan 40 

10 I loIS 01 game •• ""nence 
I~ I Only hrot year 

7. The Bums 31 20 I Boones Farm IS too WJeel 
8 Marks on ,he Bedposos 32 100 I WOO bo "'d\I oIf mark on gndlran '00 
C ... cI" 
I Re.11I 
2 Nad 

3 I 2 I Gre., 'D' 00 '0 ' 
3 I 5 2 Weak league 

3 ET Th.mUp 
4 TooSw.t 

2 I 3 I Only Scolly Cdn "" 'ha' 
32 4 I Bud""'n 's Pock 

5 The Eslate 3 1 5 I Ttu fdmlly ltflalr should stdY al lhe:: CSlale 
6 Swamp 1 2 7 I tV nw.r won. neu .. WIll 
7 S"II Mak,ng Passes 
8 The 0,,, 

32 10 I If only ,hf'y "MId <aleh 
3 I 10.01' I Odd. 'OU low 

11th Annual UCSD Turkey Trot 
It's not exa tly the Boston Marathon 

or the Heart of San DIego Road Race, 
but the following Saturday's (Nov. 19) 
lIth annual rendition of the UCSD 
Turkey Trot WIll feature just as much 
tradition and competitiveness as you'll 
find in any cross-country run. 

The Trot has always been the most 
popular special event on the fall quarter 
Campus Recreation calandar, and this 
year's version promises to bring more 
of the same good times. 

Two challenging campus cross-
country courses have been mapped 
out to test not only your endurance, 
condition, and speed, but also 

sense of pace as well. In addition to 
providing delicious Thanksgiving 
turkeys for the winners in each of the 
short and long course races, a whole 
string of juicy birds will be handed out 
to those of you who come closest to 
predicting your official time for either 
course. As usual, no watches will be 
allowed (only real turkeys would try 
that) . 

Race maps of the course, sign ups, 
and other Trot details are available now 
at the Campus Recreation Office in the 
Recreation Gym. Entries and predicted 
times will be accepted through Friday 
noon November 18. 

3-08-3 a.eketbao Playoff. 
You may have wondered what that smell was on campus each Sunday night. No, it', not 

the sewage flowing into the Pacific, its 3-0003 basketball. The finals of this tune-up for the real 
game next quarter wiD be played this Sunday evening starting at 6 pm_ AM, AA and A 
champs will be crowded a1ter tough competition in each division. 
The Favorites Are: 
AM 
1. Party Animals 
2. Swamp 
3. Dribbing Drildol 
4. Rude Mechanics 

M 

Co_ .... 
Must stop the big man 
Could be fint in championship 
Intensity must • ma;or factor 
These guys are in over their heads 

1. Co-ordinated Chess Champs Strategy iI in surplus 
Barely 2. Hanging a Bulge 

3.502's 
4. TKE Shooters 

A 
1. Breathless 
2. Romphers 
3. Gang of Three 
4. We Be Jammin' 

C __ AM. 
1. Sitting Ducks (4-0) 
2. Floaties (4-1) 
3. The A-Team (3-1) 
4. Wetter the Better (3-1) 

'5. SKUF (3-1) 
Co_M 
1. Aqua Lungs (4-0) 
2. Rubber Bagels (4-0) 
3. NG Tubes (4-0) 
4. Poor Fish (4-0) 
5. Dorks (5-0) 
6. Pump Twice" Shoot (4-0) 
C __ A 
1. Cotso Kids (3-1) 
2. Sunken Treasure (4-1) 
3. Wet Duckies (4-1) 
4. Scoring in Deep End (2-2) 
5. H2O Buggs (3-2) 

Could be tough if they don't get caught 
The Frat boys will have it tough repeating 

Will be after this competition 
Had easy league, may surprise 
May need four 
Heads may be too big to fit 

GF-GA 
65-22 
129-216 
24-16 
68-21 
51-33 

72-20 
53-29 
57-25 
59-19 
135-15 
76-32 

54-34 
62-45 
S»-22 
51-31 

~-29 

C ___ .. 

No quack .... on this powerhouse 
This scoring machine actually /oat to Ducks 
5olid, but not yet spectacular 
Need to be wetter and better yet 
0Idtimers •• fading fMt in the deep end 

Tested early, but not since then 
Big game IaIt ni!itt should indicate 'trervh 
Masters of win.w.g the dose ones 
Don't geel sorry for these pia shirks 
These sandbaggers gobbled up only minnows 
Super shoot .. can ..... pump it 

Ready to be a hlctor in the piaa,..offs 
Could be in the Pel in '83 
White', wet webfoots are wicked in water 
U they score in the shllUow end, look outl 
Can drive any polo pool bu9l!ll 



On Monday, ov. 14, an event caliI'd 
the End ing Hunger Briefing will take 
place in Rm . 273 of rhe Medical 
Teaching Facilty from 6:30 to 10:30 pm . 
The Briefing, sponsored by an 
educational organization called the 
Hunger Project , has been given on 
campus in the pasl but IS probably not 
known [0 most ,tudents The Briefing's 
purpose IS to expose [he facts about the 
state of hunger m die world , IlS causes 
and implicallons, and what IS being 
done and needs to be done. Facts 
gathered by expens In the field of 
hunger andpresented during the 
Briefing shine new light on an old 
problem and create a new pOSSibility: 
the poSsibility of endi ng hunger and 
starvation on our planet by the end of 
the century. For the first time III the 
history of our planet we possess the 
resources, technology, and know-how to 
end hunger. Srudies made by renowned 
organizations such as the National 
Academy of SCiences, the Presidential 
Commission on World Hunger, and the 
Brandt CommiSSion all conclude that 
the mean s are available to end hunger 
and starvallon but that the Will to do so 
IS absem. The goal of the Hunger Project 
I s to create that wlil. 

• The public is cordially invited to 
a[(end a walk-a-thon suppOrtlllg peace 
and non-lnteIYentlon. The actiVity will 
begin at 9 am Saturday, Nov. 19, In 
front of the General Dynami Cs Convair 
Plant In Kearny Mesa. UnlIke a 
tradi tional walk -a-than In which every 
walker IS expected to solicit pledgcs, the 
Peace and onintervention Camp,lign 
co nsists of everyone who IS opposed to 

or Simply frightencd at Reagan's policy 
of \wr. A core group of walkers IS 
gathering funds for the three sponsoring 
organizarons: the Commiuee III 
Solidarity wuh the People of EI Sa lvador 
(CI PE ), the Community Energy Action 
Network (CEAN), and the Grass Roots 
Cultural Center. 

• Whde UCSD made futile attempts at a 
boycott , Coors IS getting a boost from 
President Reagan , who IS honOring u 
Coors rodeo. As he states III u leiter to 
the spons manager of the Adolph Coors 
company, "I was delighted that you ... 
could join us at the White House 
barbecue for the Professional Cowboy 
Association . It was a real pleasure 
meeting you. The world champion 
rodeo jackets which you brought for 
Nancy and me are panicularly 
appreCia ted . Please thank everyone at 
Coors for their special gesture of 
friendship ." 

• Paymem of $82.6 miUion in special 
taxes from Amencan sponsmen is on 
the way to the 50 states, Guam, Puerto 
Rico, the Virgin Islands, and American 
Samoa to suppon their fish and wlldhfe 
research and management programs, 
under the Secretary of the Intenor. The 
funds come from excise taxes paid by 
ponsmen on hunti ng and fishing 

equipmem and are used to finance 
sport fish and Wildlife restoration and 
hunter education programs. This IS the 
first of two appol1Jonmems of the 
federal aid funds made each year. The 
second IOstanment will be distributed 
'lfrer the 1983 fiscal year tax receipts are 
tallied by the Treasury Depanment. 

UCSDeja Vu 
1967... 

A flagpole to fly the American flag in 
Revelle College Plaza Will be built dUring 
Christmas vacation , Charles Booth , 
preSident of Young Republicans of 
UCSD, an nounced laSt week. 

The project , which has been deemed 
a "unive rsiry project" by Chancellor 
Galbraith , wa s mltiated by the YR's one 
and a half weeks ago as a reaction to 
the ce lebration of lhe BolsheVik 
Revolution of 7 November, staged by the 
Students of the Independem Ldt. 

"We have already obtained 500 
Signatu res on our petition ," Booth said , 
"and almost $100 III contributions from 
UCSD studems, faculty and stafr" 

According to Dean Murphy, many 
people oUI~lde the university community 
have offered to donate money and nags. 

"ThiS flagpole and nag ," the dean said 
in a televiSion mtervlew last week, "will 
se rve <1S a permanent remmder that it IS 
und er the flag that would fly from that 
pole that free speech IS indced 
pOSSible ." 

The fl ~lgpol e Will or placed m the 
gras~y plot m the nonhe.lst wrn~ r of 
Revelle Plaza Jnd will 01' m,lde out 01 
pre -~trc~scd concrete. ,h:col'd lllg to 
Booth . who IS seeking J cont ractor to 
bUIld the pole at CO~t or below 

"Our primary concern ," ho: said ." I, 
that the students and everyone ('be on 
campus arc III favor of IhlS project. We 
didn't need pentlons, but II wa~ the 
only way we could sample campus 
opmlon . It doesn't have to be said Ihat 
the response has been ovcrwhelmlllg." 

(All day Friday UCSD was called by 
people from all over Southern Clil forllla 
who wanted to know why there were no 

flags at UCSD. McKinney apparently did 
not know that US flags fly in Matthews, 
Scnpps and the Revelle Post Office .) 

Offers of flags came from widows, 
congressmen, YMCAs and other 
organizations. Reps. Bob Wilson and 
Lionel Van Deerlin, Repubhcan and 
Democrat congressmen from Sa n Diego , 
jOintly promised a flag that has flown 
over the Capitol 10 WashmgtOn . 

Accord lllg to Boo[h, Young 
Republicans raise money for flagpoles as 
each successive college is bUilt at UC D, 

"When the UllIversiry Cemer is 
completed ," he suggested , "we may 
sponsor a d nve to have flagpoles 
erected to fly the nags of every nation 
represented by foreign students on 
campus." 

1970 . . . 
In thc UCSD commUlllty the status of 

"man 's best rnend ," the dog, IS in severc 
jcopardy, Our can me comrades ha\'e 
oeen b,lI1ncd rrom the rC~ldcnce halls 
,lnd tho: cafeteria ome professors 
beco me annoyed when dogs cnter their 
d,lssrs m sCJr<.: h II I enllghtenmenl And 
10 lurthcr IIl u>l1,lle the dog's 
precli l'J rnl' nt, ,I mild luror IS currentl) 
erupllng .It thl' Mo: a Ap.lnl11elll~ over 
the pel pohe)' ~ IIl CC one of the ten ,lIlts 
b hous l ng (whJI else 1) .l dog The 
policy at the Mesa Apartmems forbid s 
the pre~l' nle 01 Jny pets 111 the 

resldcnce~, But recently, Craig Glad , 
who IS legally blind , brought III a puppy 
In hll!'C,; 01 trailllllg It to evemually be a 
,~lIl(.k tlllg. In le~ponse , several ot her 
IIks.l rl'sllk'ms, led by jlln Connors 

AS Forum 
Some AS offi cers find their duties and job descriptions a little vague Take the 

description for the commissioner for student welfare, for example: "The 
primary duty is to serve the function as the student advocate for the universiry" 
Ken Davenport, this year's advocate, tsn 't wasting time interpreting hiS 
pos ition , he 's establishing it. 

For the last several months, Davenport has been working 011 the formation of 
the "Office of the Student Advoc:lte ," an AS backed student service. To be run 
somewhat like a legal clinic, students will be able to obtain information and 
counseling on their rights, appeals procedure , and action against sexual 
harrassment and discrimination . It wIll not , however, dedi directly With student. 
police problems. The Commissioner of Student Welfare will serve as the student 
advocate and will recommend and represent the student in from of the 
academiC senate If a hearing is advised. 

Currently, there tsn 't one central location where welfare questions ca n be 
answered . "The hean of the problem lies in UC D's untque college system. Each 
of the four coUeges seems to be handling problems like this on their own , in all 
different ways," says Davenpon. "Some students go to their proVOSt, others to 
the dean. What I am proposing is to bring the students together in one area, 
under one college, so they won't be taken advantage of under any discrepancies 
that may exist between the colleges." , 

Because of the absence of one unifying student advocate system Davenpon 
believes "many gross injustices" are being left unresolved. "[ think every student 
has a time when he or she wants to know their rights. They JUSt don't have the 
time to search and find OUI. They need a visible and legitimate, easily accessible 
source," 

There's no doubt that this proposed service will have to establish its place in 
an already existing system. To combat any obstacles, Davenport is launching a 
promotional/awareness campaign to get the office imtiaUy accepted by next 
quarter. Posters, fliers , and carefully planned publicity will be exercised, but 
Davenpon is striving for student involvement, mainly through the political 
science department. He's hoping to attract students pursuing a law career, and 
draft them as his assistants. "It would be a great experience in learning to 
compile evidence and facts, then forming a case." In coordination with the 
political science depanment, Davenpon would also like to set up workshops in 
legal services and college counseling. 

Will the office and its readily accessible information increase the number of 
formal student welfare cases? "I think so ," predicts Davenport. "I mean. no one 
can be too informed. Eventually, and ideally, [ would hope that the different 
provosts and the people at Academic Affairs would refer students to the 
advocale first for advice on processing their problem or complaint." 

Another goal Davenpon has in mind concerning the inception of the student 
advocate office is a smooth and effective transi tion of officers from yearto year. 
He would like the office to develop a strong framework so when a new student 
advocate is elected, a system will already exist, and thus, attention can be 
focused on improvement. "So many IdeolOgies come and go with each AS 
council. It 's too fluid . We need more services that can stand on their own; no 
matter who is in office: said the commiSSioner of student welfare . "Next year 
will be very important, because the service will have stopped growing. That 
person wTII make or break It. What [ hope is that a circle wiU develop where a 
student advocale assistant will run for commissioner, and he'll get an assistant 
that will want to run, etc ." 

To fund the project, Davenpon hopes to "capture some of the pic" under 
student services, which is currently comprised of 15% of the budget. 

Feeling strong council suppon, Davenport has great faith in the success of 
the program. "We work well togethcr. You need that above all." Believing that 
Crdig Lee will be the most effective president in bringing about change, 
Davenpon describes him as "a good manager and lobbyiSt. He's good at what he 
does, and unlike some presidents of the past, he isn 't afraid to take a stand." 

"I try to represent mainstream UCSD. I'd like to think I'm succeeding. I'm 
definitely concerned in finding out what the students want," says Davenport 
who is currently spending his second year on the council. 

While imerests in a cohesive Student Center and convening vacant land into 
new parking are in the back of his mind , the Office of the Student Advocate 
remains forefront in his plan of action . 

- Martin Von Ruden 

In the AS Forum on Monday November 7, 1983, The Guardian erred in the spelling oj 
eX-AS President Jeff leifer'S name. The Guardian ap%gb:s Jor any inconvenience 
thiS error may have caused. 

have filed suit against the University lor 
breach of contract and against the Glads 
ror negltgence. 

Originally eviction proceedings were 
sra ned against the Glads because of the 
dog, but through the efforts of dean of 
student aflatrs, the Issue of eviction was 
PUt in abeyance. A vote of Mesa 
reSidents IS to be held thiS Thursday 
and Friday to decide whether the no-
pet poltcy should be enforced . The 
result will nut be bindmg, bUI It Will 
hold great welghr ar the offices o! the 
dean:, and at Ihe HOUSing Office, where 
the ullirnme deCISion will finally rest. A 
1110ve is bClIlg mude or overrule the 
moratorium conceming the Glads dog , 
and to [orle their eViction . Ilowever, 
rhls development is as ye t not fu lly 
clear The vote wi ll still be held 

In the Initial Mesa CounCil meeting 
for thiS quarter, a policy of holdlllg [he 
matter of the Glads dog m abeyance was 
adopted . A leuer was sent Out to Mesa 
reSIdents concerning the matter. A 
comm ittee consisting of two pro-pel 
people ,lIld two 'lnti -pet people was 

formed to Investigate the issue. 
I lowe vcr, the Mesa Council consists 

only of the residents who attend the 
speci fi c meeting. It is not a standinb 
body. At a more recent CounCil meeting, 
the anti-pel group packed the meeting 
With those favoring eviction of the 
Glads. A vote of 40-20 for eViction took 
place. 

As a result, Ruth Astel, u Mesa 
reSident , sought a minority report She 
and othe r tenants issued a petition and 

,collected 50 Signatures lrom Mesa 
res ld cllts against the decision It has 
been reponed tha t the 1,1W SU it Will be 
dropped If thc eViction 01 the Glads ic; 
carned out. But according lO Craig Glad , 
th is has not yet occurred jim Co nnors, 
the Ic.,der or the anti-pet group, has 
held to the collte ntlon that the Glads 
Invalidated everyonc's contract with the 
Mesa Apartments by bringing in the 
dog. I k is exerting pressure through his 
law SUI! on the Uni ve rSity to evict the 
Glads ,md to uphold the COntract. 

- CHRISTOPHER CANOLE 

Navember 10, 1983 3 
NEWS 
~ / .- , , .~. .' • '<;0 ~ .. , r}.,.;./;~.. '.~ r ':%,,'{' r, r." ~ "r. • '. r,';, 

Who says there aren't freebies anymore? 

Free computer access for all 
students on 180 tenninals 

anyway, others complam . Some would 
even like to see more games. But after 
imtlal frustrations with the computers, 

. students cla im that they are generally 
happy with them. 

For Improvements they suggest that 
manuals be placed next to termmals to 
help m trouble areas and that the 
student population should be made 
more aware of the computers around 
them. 

C omp.uters literally control our lives. Each day we deal with traffiC Signals, decoding cash 
registers and autOlllatic bank tellers. At 
UCSD wc put up with registrars' 
add / drop processes and the infamous 
meal card readers. Computers are 
cntenng our lives more and more and 
are the commodity of the future. The 
UCSD Computer Center Student System 
cate rs to all the student needs. 

Its primary purpose is to familiarize 
the student with the functions of the 
modern computer. The Computer 
Center faci liry , located in the west end 
of the AP&lM building, utilIzes five VAX 
11 /750 and two 111780 computers 
which feed into 180 public terminals all 
over campus. The three largest 
concentrations are found at Third 
College in 105 TLH, Muir in 6438 
AP&lM, and R(>velle in HL 1260 (thirty 
terminals in each). UCSD is fortunate 
enough to own computers made by the 
industry's number tWO company, the 
Digital Equipment Corporation . For 
greater range of functions, the DEC 
computers have two separate operating 
systems: VMS and UNIX. Both are 
similar, yet each -contains specific 
advantages to the individual user 
(student). 

"It's extremely easy for people to use 
this system ," assures Director Hank 
Fischer. Students are free to use the 
terminals at any time, day or night , 
except between 8 am anCl 6 pm 
weekdays, which is designated as Prime 
Time. The students can obtain their 
own computer account, free of charge. 
They do this by either taking a class 
(only enrolled students have access to 
Prtme Time) or independent study or by 
signing up for a literacy account. On 
Ihis account, the Center entitles every 
registered student to 100 computer units 
for the school year, which is adequate 
considering the expenses involved . 

UCSD has $4-5 million worth of 
equipment, yet there are relatively few 
problems with theft. The Computer 
Center's high level of security accounts 
for this, All terminals are securely 
fastened to tables and protected by 24 
hour surveillance. High positioned staff 
cany speciaUy coded authorization 
cards to enter top security rooms. One-
quarter-inch steel waDs surround the 
main computer room, and for extra 
security there are heatalanns stationed 
which connect directly to the police. 

LJCSD owned a smgle CDC 3600. It was 
a sequential type, meanlllg 11 could only 
process one job at a time. It had no 
instructional capabilities and could 
handle very limited research So a year 
later the se hool and Fischer purchased 
a Burroughs computer. It significantly 
helped where the CDC lacked and 
computed administrative data. This 
sufficed well for almost a decade, yet the 
computer demand grew steadily. A 
Recharge VMS VAX 111780 came into 
the Computer Ce nter's possession in 
1979. This assisted with the load 
conSiderabl y. However the demand 
continued to grow. 

On july 1, 1982, the change occurred . 
Fischer obtai ned funds to buy two more 
111780s and switched the entire system 
from rechal')1,e to student account. 
Available computer time jumped [50%. 
The computer demand had transformed 
itself into a computer explOSIOn. In May: 
1983, Fiseher again attempted to 
alleviate the load by installing a VAX 
111750. In a matter of weeks, he 

rea li zed that it was absolutely 
inadequate. So he and his stall pleaded 
to purchase five more Soon they 
received the clearance for u total of four. 
o finally, days before the St,1I1 of our 

Fa ll quaner, the four J 1/ 750s were 
installed to give UCSD a complete, fully 
operational DEC computer system. 

The students themselves have varymg 
views on the computers, Many say they 
well serve their purposes. Some of the 
benefits ('njoyed are around -the-clock 
hours , the filing system, simple 
directions and knowledgeable program 
assistants who help students when 
needed. "It's an exce Uent system," 
remarks one studem. 

However, for others, frustrauon 
describes it beller. Some students fmd 
programs or Dther typed material 
suddenly gone through aCCidental 
touching of unknown keys. This 
problem is always present due to little 
access of knowledge of purpose and 
capabilities. The same is true for 
primers , which are not maintained well 

The momh of April , 1982 was at peak 
. for UCSD compurers. Seventy-eight 
thousand , eight hundr~d and twenty-
seven sessions (total term mal uses) were 
recorded. Of that, 20% were put on a 
waitmg list at the terminals for an • 
average of nme minutes before a space 
would open As of this year (not at 
peak), there were over 90,000 sessions 
m a recorded month - a 14% increase 
over April. Only four percent of ,~em 
were put on a waiting list, and for only 
about twO minutes. The differences Jlre 
clear. The Computer Center now eaSily 
accommodates 4000 students. Fischer is 
sure the number will continue to rise . 
"Every ... student is going to want to use a 
computer." 

For the luture Hank Fischer believes 
computers will be our lives. He sees 
UCSD and other universities requiring 
students to have their own personal 
computers for school. He even predicts 
that the UC system may have its own 
satellite for data communication . It's no 
doubt that computers are the way of the 
future here at UCSD. 

We probably have one of the moSt 
modem computer facilities in the 
coumry: claims Fischer. But this was 
not always the case. Back in 1969, Hank Fischer dominates his tennina/ as director oj the CompuLer Center. 

SOFT CONTAO LENSES 
One Hour Service In most cases 

INCWDIS: 
Contact lenses, examination, 
patient trelnlng, follow up, 
chemlcel cere kit end fitting. 
IXIINDID WIM LINIIS 
ONLY tI6S.oo 

THE CLASSICAL EYE 
DR. RO..,. HEUER OP'ro.MTRlSrll 

La JoIle Village Square 
(Inside the Mall; Lower Level) 

8657 Ville La Jolla Drtve • Suite 136 
451-7374 

Hydr'ocurve extended WCM lenses 

Philoi presents: 
The Consdous Mind 

and 
The Unconsdous Mind: 

Informal Reflections 
on 

Nietzsche & Freud 
To be introduced by 

Dr. David Luft (History) 
Revelle Formal Lounge, 3:00-5:00 p.m., Nov. 11 

.. ------.. Refreshments _______ .. 



Editorial 

UC is down, but not out, in the wake 
of last year's state budget crisis 

When the Microelectronics and Computer Technology 
Corporation (MCC) shunned San Diego last May to locate a major 
new supercomputer research facility in Austin, Texas, they may 
have made a grievous error. The company cited San Diego's high 
housing COStS and Governor Deukmejian's budget cuts to the UC 
system as their primary concerns, but the latte r concern now 
seems about to be rectified in time for the next academic year. 

The loss of the MCC facility was a blow to UCSD's prestige and 
a loss to the State economy, and this may have been a factor in 
Deukmejian's reversal on education . The hand-wringing and 
doomsaying that arose at the time , however, may well prove to 
have been a gross overreaction to the State's financial crisis of last 

year. 
The $2.2 million that the UCSD Cancer Center has been 

granted by the National Cancer Institute is small potatoes in 
comparison to MCC, but it is a clear indication of the faith that 
the NCI putS in the University of California , as well as a measure 

I of the excellence of the research being carried Out at UCSD. There 
are many other grants fonhcoming from private and public sources 
that will help secure UCSD's position near the tOP of the academic 
pile in terms of both prestige and research. 

California's long-term commitment to 'higher education has not 
waned in the eyes of many, it seems, and if the governor is serious 
about re-funding UC, the university's future looks as bright as ever. 

n<efrfr<err~n<efrfrcelf~n®frfr®lf~nce;frfr®rr~ll®frtt®rr~ll®frfr®rr~ll®frtt~rr~ll~tttt~lr~n~{ill<elr~ll<.e{ill<.err$ll~ilit<elr 
fr~lr~lettersll<eldtcelr~ll®ilit®lf~n®ilit®rr~ll®it1tcelf~ll®{ill®lr~ll®ilit~lr~ll<etttt~lr$ll~{ill~lr~ll~ilit~lr~ll<e 

rr~ll<etttt®lf~llcefrfr®rr~ll®frfr®rr~ll®ttfr®lf~ll®till®lf~llcetttt<elr~n®ilit<elr~ll®ilit<err~ll<eit1t<elr~ll<eilit<elr$ll<eilit 
n®tt~®rr~ll®ilit®lf~ll®tttt®rr~n®frfr®rr~llcefrfr®rr~ll®frfr<err~ll®tttt®lf~ll<efrfrcelfn®,{ill<eIf~·n<eilitcelr~llcettfrcelrll 
Editor: 

The GuardIan editorial of October 27 
conceming the unfair labor charges filed 
by the University Council-AFf on behalf 
of UC librarians gave a misleading 
impression of the nature of the current 
connict between our union and the UC 
admlnstration . The connlCt in fact is not 
the result of -Inadequate channels of 
communlca llon ." as your headltne 
suggested; rather 11 is the result of "bad 
faith bargaIning" on the pan of 
SystemWide administration . 

In your editorial there is one error of 
fact which is crucial (Q understanding 
the impasse we have reached. The oral 
agree:ncnt reached between UC-AFf 
and the admimstranon did not assure 
IIbranans a six percent wage Increase. 
Rmher. thm agreement assured tht the 
UniversIty would offer professional 
librarians the same cost of living 
package offered to all academiC 

·employees. We agreed to accept that 
settlement <md so did representatives of 
the University. If funds dId not permit 
.an across-the-board six perecnt raise , 
the University could have fixed on a 
somewhat lower figure . Instead, 
management chose to "punish" those 
emplo)'ecs working In units that had 
voted for collective bargaining in the 
June 1983 elections. Interestingly. the 
admlnlstratlon's action will affect equally 
those libr,mans who voted against 
collective bargaining ilOd those who 
supported the measure . 

The adminlstr.ltIon has reneged on 
,10 ,lgreemcnt re,lched through the 
collective bargaining process. UC 
representatives are beglnnlllg thiS new 
era In labor relallons with" policy that 
cxplicllly dlserllmnates against 
cmplo)'ces who h.1I'e voted for exclUSive 
repreScntalilln . These ,KlIons arc a clear 
viola lion 01 ~tate bw. specihcillly the 
Higher Education Employer-Employee 
Relilllons Act. They ,lrc a good 
indication . howevcr. of the kind llf I,lbor 
rebtions policy we c.1n expect 01 the 
UC ,ldmimstruLion in the coming years; 
they are also eVidence Ill' why we need 
union representation for stalT and 
faculty at uc. Morc than "lnadequiHc 
channels 01 communicauon" un: 
Involved here - wh,1l we need rill her is 
a willingness on the part of management 
to accept the changmg context In labor 
rel<\tIons. We nre moving I rllm decades 
of unilateral paternalism to colb:tlve 
bargaining here In the U s)'stem The 
administration will h,1\'e t,) change 10 
accommodate the shift ,l iter ,III . it IS 
the law UC admllll';tr,llllrs arc no IIwre 
,lboV(' the law th ,ln the re~t 01 us 

Thomas Dublin 

Editor: 
In response ro Ken Davenport's letter 

and others who may have 
misunderstood , I would like to clarify 
my commentary on grade appeals. My 
criticism of the grade appeals system 
was not solely pointed at the Academic 
Senate's inefficiency, but was specifically 
aimed at the narrow Interpretation of 
-non-academic criteria" used by the 
CEP. (The length of my appeal was due, 
in large part, ro the facr that it was 
bottled-up in a department chair's olTiee 
for more than a quarter.) 

My appeal was not just a 
disagreement with a professor on an 
academic point. I contested irregularities 
in my instructor's grading system 
resulting from massive attrition in my 
class. The response of Prof. Theodore 
Schwartz, then chair of the 
Subcommittee on Grade Appeals, was 

, that my appeal was not on -personal" 
grounds. Assumably this refers to the 
common practice of strictly equating 
-non·academic criteria" with 
discrimination . 

But , "non-academic criteria" is more 
than just that. It is any facror exogenous 
of a student's performance In a course . 
Some examples I stated were givmg a B+ 
for 98% and grading different sets of 
people on ostensibly different curves. 
These should be VIOlations of grading 
policy and therefore under the 
JurisdlLllon 01 the CEP. Dissatisfaction 
IS nOl a valid reason for appealing a 
gr,lde to lhe AcademIC Senate. But. 
forllls of de facto discrimination based 
upon Inconsistencies or unreasonable 
grading practices should he appealable 
and worthy of a hearing 

The studen t advocate's of rice can be 
,In efrecllve 1001 for the students of 
UCSD ,lnd I Wish Ken Davenport the 
best of luck. But, onl), real chJllge In lhe 
appell'lIe system and grading policy WIll 
give students the rights they need and 
deserve. 

Michael S. Goodheim 

I Editor: 
As ,1 semor at UCSD, I have been <lble 

III spend J few yeilrs obscrvlIlg our 
Assocl,lIed Student Council in ,H:llon. I 
have w,l!l:hcd the students nn rhe AS 
illlocilte thouS<lnds 01 dollars to 
worthless org;lIlizations and progr.U11S. I 
h.we re,Khed this conclUSion: Our 
slUdent go\'Crnl11cnt h,b ,11l0cllcd money 
to thl'Sl' gmups . nl1 m,1IIl'r hnw ,milll . 
\\hll' h sere,lIncd the Inudcst rhe AS 
tl'ntkd til Ign<1rc the dl'Slrl'S nl 
d"'u .... lntb <1/ ulldcrgr,lduates m order III 
,Iprl',l'ol' the Illol~ wllll p.hS ." mllnanl 
r,ldlL,lb III the 'lllldent Ce nter 

I hl' 1110,r "Iwlnu, l'x;lIllplc "I lhl., I'> 

the alternative media. laSt year the new 
indicator received $ I 7,000 student 
dollars, this year $14,000. La Voz 
Fronteriza screamed for $6,000 and The 
People 's Voice walked away with $7 ,000. 
These newspapers are run by a handful 
of virtual non -students. They have 
almost no support from the 
undergraduares of this campus, yet they 
receive absurdly large amounts of our 
money. 

I think it is time this stopped and am 
quite pleased that the students on this 
campus decided to organize a 
referendum which would end the 
budgetary stranglehold these groups 
have on the AS council. It is about time 
that we stopped wasting $50,000 dollars 
on outdated newspapers and spent it on 
organizations and events which the 
students will benefit from . (Do you 
realize how efrective a student lobby can 
be with a quarter of that money?) 

To no one's surprise the various 
media don't like this idea. Apparently 
the thought or their little empires 
crashing down fills them with horrible 
thoughts about the future . Oh my! If that 
happened some of the greybeard s at the 
new illdlcalor might actuaUy have to grow 
up and graduate. (They must dread the 
thought. ) 

The media, judging by L'ChaY'm 
Editor Lori Rindfleish 's letter in 
Monday's Guardian , are also appalled at 
the proposal that they combine into one 
newspaper. God forbid that we make 
cost-elTiciency one of the criteria for the 
media . As for having a variety of 
viewpoints represented in one 
publica tion , well I guess we wouldn 't 
want that either. There's probably too 
mueh pressure involved in putting out a 
publication where there are actual 
constraints. 

I feel that if a newspaper does not 
want to print its opinions side by side 
with the other organizations, it shouldn't 
have to. If they don't want to exist, I 
don't mind . Let's face it, media editors, 
the students aren't exactly clamoring to 
have you print more papers. If you can't 
exist (Qgether on $10,000 of our student 
funds, don't. Better yet. Present your 
viewpoints, but at your own cost. Maybe 
that way we'll get some responsible 
journahsm rather than th e page-fillers 
we are subject 10 now. 

The media referendum is an idea 
whose time has come. Be happy. media 
editors. that you are getting any suppOrt 
at aU. 

Christopher Ambrose -

UC:J)Gu..w~ 
Copy Editor 

James Ralph Papp 
Opinion Editor 
Thomas Rankin 

Associate News Editors 
Mike Greenberg 

Editor 
Tim August 

Managing Editor 

Lisa Lapin 
Features Editor 

Chris Young 
Aru Editor 

Andrew Keeler 
Associate Aru Editor 

John Nee 
Sporu Edi!or 
Jeff Savage 

Photo Editor 
Rich PeCJak 

The UCSD Guardian is published 
Mondays and Thursdays during the 
acaderme year by students at UCSD. 
Reproducllon or use wllhout 
permiSSion or allY portion of thiS 
newspaper is slrictly prohibited . Nor 
resp.lOs lb lr for unsolicited 
manuscripts or ilrt. 

Our " lfler is locilted !>()uthl'.lst of 
the Rl'wlle Provost Oilln' on rhe 
UCSD C;II11PUS The BuslIless Olflu: 
IS open Imlll 9 ,1m In noon ,tnd I 
pm to ') pill 

Phil Lauder 
General Manager 

Chris Milke 
Associate General Managers 

LlIlda Lewis 
Valerie McMullin 

Photographers 
Richard Caterina 
Rob Friedenthal 
Mark Joh nson 
David Newell 

1U ustrators 
John Ashlee 

Garnell Fitz-Henley 
Kathy Morrow 

Typesetters 
Anggle Lapld 
Phil Lauder 

Andy Laurence 
Chris Osterwalder 

Production 
Hana Abrams 

Lisa Jone 
Vesna Kulasinovic 

Kelley Neal 
The UCSD Guardian 

UCSD, 8·016 
La Jolla , California 92093 

(619) 452-3466 

NICARAGUA UNDER THE SANDANISTAS 
Dispatches 
By BRAD BARHAM 

Brad Barham gradualed from UCSD wilh a degrre in 
economics and is currently pursuing a PhD in thaI field at 
Slanford. Barham has spenl Ihe year Iravelling thoughout 
Central America and IS now in Managua , Nicaragua 

. sludying Ihe banana induslry and occasionally sending 
slories back to Ihe US. What follows is a selectIOn oj some 
of hiS recenl articles. 

This series of anicles attempts to capture various 
slices of Nicaraguan reality. The emphases are 
predominantly economic and military because these 
two aspects pervade aU other areas. Daily, Nicaraguans 
lose their lives defending their borders, barrios, and 
fanns from Contra forces . Meanwhile, the noose of 
economic strangulation grows taut around the neck of 
Nicaraguan society, a result of the Reagan 
Administration's "isolation" policy described in 
National Security Council documents leaked to the New 
yorlt Times last spring. 

With each anack, Nicaragua apptars to grow more 
unified. Militia volunteer numbers soar, and the 
recently-implemented mandatory draft registration for 
men ages 17-24 gains increas&ng suppon. 

Yet the growing shortages of material goods, 
especiaDy fuel and luxury imporu, and the ominous 
prospeCt of regional war (and the thousands of deaths 
that wiD ensue) are having a polarizing effect on 
Nicaragua. Many middle-class youth clearly wOlnt out. 
An escape 10 the US is their favorite topiC of 
discussion, a reality for the most wealthy. They are the 
minority, however. The sons and daughters of the 
campesinos, anisans, and other low income workers, 
Nicaragua's majority, are strong and almost fearless in 
their suppon of the revolution. Three popular slogans 
capture that courageous spirit and much of Nicaraguan 
reality: ·Patria Libre 0 Morir"· - Free Country or 
Death, "Todas las Armas aI Pueblo' - All Anns to the 
People , and "No Pasaran" - They (the Contra) Will 
Not Pass. 

Economic Sabotage - Bleeding Nicaragua Dry 
CIA-Contra forces have struck four painful blows to 

the Nicaraguan economy in the middle of October. 
The atacks were precise, rapid , high-tech efforu that 
renect direct CIA participation (see Newsweek and the 
New Yorn Times for confirmation). 

October 11 - Pon Corinto 
High-speed launches penetrate Nicaragua's major 

pon and attack storage facilities. Diesel oil, kerosene, 
cooking oil, and molasses storage tanks are set ablaze. 
Forry thousand residents are evacuated because of 
fears that the resulting inferno would spread to nearby 
barrios. Only technical firefighting suppon from 
Mexico, Cuba, and Columbia contains the damage to 
the storage facilities. Economic impact: The diesel oil 
was, for example, sufficient to fuel the upcoming 
harvests of cotton and coffee, Nicaragua's two major 
export crops. Military impact Hit and run terrorist 
tactics are difficult to defend against . The fuel lost 
could also have been used in the pursuit of the 
Contras along the border. Human impact The 
residents of the city are being temporarily relocated to 
a makeshift community outside of Corinto because of 
fears that another attack could result in a holocaust. 

October 13 - Port Sandinii 
CIA scuba divers sabotage Nicaragua's second largest 

PaCific POrt and successfuUy destroy the oil intake 
nerve center, thereby making further 011 imP,Ons, at 
least temporarily, a costly, problematic operation. 

October 18 - Pantasma 
Two hundred fifty to three hundred Contras attack 

an isolated town 30 miles from the Honduran border, 
killing 47 people. At least two campesinos were killed 
in cold blood , according to town members, when they 
admitted to being part of the local agricultural 
cooperative. Economic impact Two lumber mlUs, a 
bank, an agricultural cooperative center, two basic 
grain storage facilities, and a large construction 
equipment building were destroyed. Three residents 
guarding the facility fought off 50 Contras for eight 
hours before abandoning the equipment. 

October 20 - Port Cabezas 
High-speed launches attack this Atlantic COast port 

in an attempt to destroy a boat from which workers 
were unloading basic foodstuffs for the town . All the 
victims of the attack were Moskito Indians. The launch 
also fired on barrio and injured two children. 
Economic damage was light. The following day the 
draft registration centers in the town were packed with 
angry youths seeking military training. 

October 22 - Monotombo 
A light plane attacks Nicaragua's new geothermal 

plant in an effon to destroy it. Anti -aircraft artillery 
repel the attack without any damage being Incurred . 

"/"",, '''"1 "' /%1)(,' (> 

The players 
By PHIL BARHAM 

A major civil war is taking place today, as close to 
UCSD as New York. The civil war is in Nicaragua. The 
combatants are the Sandinista National Liberation 
Front who rule Nicaragua, against three separate 
external forces known as the "Contras." The connict 
has intemational combatants as weU . The Reagan 
Administration perceives the revolution in Nicaragua as 
a eommuQist threat in the western hemisphere. 
Therefore, the Reagan Administration supports the 
Comras with weapons, training and the aSSistance of 
the CIA, stating that we are equalizing the aid given 10 
the Sandinistas by Cuba and the Soviet Union. 

The historical roles of these combatants is necessary 
to understand the current situation: 

The Uniled Slat~s: Our government's role in 
Nicaraguan affairs began in 1912 when the Marines 
landed to halt the victory o f the liberal elites in 
overthroWing the conservative regime. The Marines 
kept the conservative faction in power while 
continumg to battle liberal rebel leader Augusto C. 
Sandmo for 19 years. The United States wanted 10 
withdraw from Nicaragua and was able to by creating 
the National Guard (NG) as an Amertcan trained and 
equipped Nicaraguan stabilization force . Anastasio 
Somoza Garcia was selected as commander of the NG; 
Somoza's control over the NG was the key to his 
dictatorship. The United States did not foresee this 
development but maintained a good friend ship with 
the Somoza regime, supplying it with arms and 
economic aid to its conapsc in 1979. Sandillisla 
National U/:Jcralioll Front (FSLN): A popular-based 
revolutionary front which led the popular insurrec tion 
whic h ovenhrew the Somoza dictatorshIp on July 23, 
1979. The FSLN rulcs Nicaragua in what they call a 
"Participatory DemocrolC)'." A panicipalOry democracy 
organlzcs the people Into neighborhood , ci ty and 
regional groups which have direct lines of 
communication from the grass roots level 10 the 
leaders, so everyone may have a vOIce in affairs . Major 
successes are a literacy campaign which has decre.lsed 
iIIitemey from .1 mmonwlde level of 40% to below 15% 
in a two year period and nmionalization of Somoza's 
lands ilnd industries into popul.u collectives. while 
permitting privately OWfled rnnns and industries 10 
remain in private hands. M~<lr fault s arc the clOSing of 
opposition press "La Prenza" ,md " resulting 
censorship of the opposition and the tre.1tmcnt of the 
. Mosquito Indians on the eastern border the 
disappe.mmce of over Q() citi zens said to be taken 
aWJY hy seeurtty forces and 300 pcople missing In 
police custody. 

The "Collims": An cxternal inv<lding force composed 
prlmanly of Snmoza's ex-National Guard . Primary 
funding comes from thl' CIA which supplies $20 
million a ye,lr, the rest comes from wealthy Cubans 
living in Miami . The large~t group stationed III the 
nonhwest is the Natiomll Dcmocr.ltic Front (NDF) 
composed of 6,000-7.000 ex-N.lllonal Gumdsmen 
equipped with Americiln M-16s. Ismeli G'1III 
Aurolnatics. mort.1[S and gren:ldc launchers. The 
sec<lOd group kx:med in the northeast is a group of 
1.000 ,lrganized Mosquito Indians who prese nt less or 
;In IInmediate thrcJt to the I-SLN 1 he third group led 
h)' the f.unous ex-S,mdlnlsta Eden P.lstom has had 
hllll' ;,uccess with a smaU b.lOd Df ex-NG and 
til<;cm:hallll'd SantlinlSt,l<; lo the jungles (If the north. 

I,J<'<h" llll II "' /,<lgL 7 

Death of an ideal 
By THOMAS RANKIN 

The behavior of the Sandanistas looks tame in 
comparison to the ferocious repression of Tachito 

. Somoza's regime, but aU things are relative -
especiaUy in Central America. The "poet'S revolution" 
has taken a decidedly pragmatic tum recently, and a 
new son of selective repression has taken hold in 
Nicaragua. 

The worst crimes have been committed against the 
Miskito Indians in northern Nicaragua, 10,000 of 
whom have been placed in concentration camps to 
prevent them from joi ning up with the Contra forces. 
Nearly 100 Miskitos were killed when they resisted the 
action. 

Since Somoza's overthrow In 1979, 145,000 
Nicaraguans have ned their country, amoung them 
Alfonso Robelo,leader of the now defunct Nicaraguan 
Democratic Movement and a member of the original 
Sandanista junta. Jose Esteban Gonzales. director of the 
Permanent Human Rights Commission, left when the 
Sandanistas began to harass him in response to 
criticisms his organization had levened against them. 

Political prisoners are sometimes held as long as 16 
months before sentencing, and those convited of being 
Somozists can be jailed up to ten years under a new 
law. Anyone sentenced to more than five years stands 
to have their land confiscated by the govemment Oose 
Esteban Gonzales has been sentenced to six years in 
his absence - no word yet on the status of his 
property). 

2,000 National Guard members remain in jail from 
the revolution and 3,000 more political prisoners have 
been taken during the same period . One teenager was 
sentenced to 16 years for authoring a bit of anti-
govemment graffiti , and a priest claims to have been 
dangled from an airplane while in the custody of the 
Sandanistas. 

Despite mass "collectivization" a full 60 percent of 
the economy remains in private hands (why?) and the 
unemployment rate has swollen to 25 percent from 16 
percent in 1981. The Sandanistas blame this on 
Contra/CIA espionage. 

Many of the Contras themselves are under the 
leadership of fonner members of the Sandanistas. Eden 
Past ora, under the banner of "Comandante Zero," 
released many of the current Sandanista leaders from 
Somoza's jails during the revolution. Today he leads a 
smaU Cant"", band in southern Nicaragua. Alfonso 
Callero and Negro Chammoro. both staunch anti-
Somozists, today lead the largest insurgent force, the 
NDF. Most of their officers, however, are embittered 
fonner National Guard members. a fact which , along 
with the NDFs heavy CIA backing, gives the 
Sandanistas a steady supply of grist for their 
propaganda mill . 

The Contras (and, it foUows, the US) have 
succeeded in slowing the flow of arms 10 El 
Salvadorian rebels and convincing the Sandanistas to 
approach the bargaining table , at least tentatively. 
There has been another effect, however, and it cannot 
be to the Reagan administration'S liking. Now, more 
than evel, the people of Nicaragua have raUied in 
suppon of thE' andanistas. The end i~ not in sight. 

r 



MWlagua's Middle Class 

Dispatches from Managua 
Want [0 meet their youth? Go [0 a 

disco in Ciudad Plastico (Plastic City -
where McDonalds, etc. are located), and 
you will see them . most aU of them . Well 
dressed and ready to tum American. 
They love me because I am gringo. "Can 
you help me get into the US?" That's the 
big question. They hear that we have all 
the latest in new technology: cable TV 
with 50 channels. video games. and 
calculator watches. Do I? They cannot 
fathom my lack of knowledge or interest 
in our latest toys. 

conlinued from page 5 
Larger Strategy 

These recent attacks are part of a 
broader economic strangulation strategy 
.that dates back to the first days of the 
Reagan Administration . Upon taking 
olTtce in January of 1981. President 
Reagan suspended the remaining $15 
million of the 1981 economic aid 
package to Nicaragua authori zed by 
President Carter. In April of 1981 he 
cancelled the aid outright. He also 
halted PL-480 c redits for the purchase 
of $9.6 million worth of US wheat. Mos t 
recently he cut off Nicaragua's sugar 
exports to the US and reallocated their 
quotas to EI Salvador and Honduras. 

Direct ai,p can ellation has also meant 
the drying up of private inte rnational 
credit. DespHe the fact that the 
andi nistas agreed to accept Somoza's 

debt of more than $1.5 billion. both 
private credi t and investment have 
end ed. Export-impon loan guarantees 
were denied to Nicaragua as well. As a 
result, banks and investors will not take 
risks in Nicaragua. 

Multilateral lending agencies were 
next. In January 1982, State Department 
spokesperson ue Pillman con firmed 
pubhcly that the Reagan Administration 
would oppose any Nicaraguan credit of 
aid request to any international lending 
agency. 

This strategy has been effective . Only 
limHed amounts of multilateral credit 
have been forthcoming. Since that time, 
for exam ple . the Inter-Amenca 
Development Bank has cut a $40 million 
loan for renovation and Investment in 

lCaragua's fis hing industry because of 
tec hnical complaints registered by the 
US. 

More to COl1le 
Recent economic sabotage comes on 

top of two years of economic isolation. 
The economic sabotage has incurred 
damages in 1982-83 estimated at over 
$400 million. And popular organizations 
and govemment agencies expect the 
economic sabotage to continue. with the 
likely targets being Nicaragua's prinCipal 
sources of foreign exchange: the coffee, 
conon, and sugar harvests. 

Vigilance groups to guard the harvests 
are c urrently organizing and planning 
their strategies. Twenty thousand 
students have already signed up to 
assist with the harvests, which are still 
several weeks away. 

Nicaragua's fragile economy !>as 
suffered a series o f significant attacks in 
recent months. And although economic 
austerity is definitely increasing for aU 
sectors of the population, these attacks 
seern to have a unifying effect on the 
Nicaraguan people . As one taxi driver 
put it, "How does Reagan expect the 
private sector to survive if he destroys it 
and throws us into a war economy?" 

Impressions of 
a roving gringo 

Telephones. transponation , and 
Infra tructure in general are memorable 
expenences in an underdeveloped 
country like icaragua. A friend here 
told me that public telephones are a very 
recent addition to (he country's 
infrastructure. Surprising? Even more 
surprising IS that perhaps one out of 

four functions at aU. In Managua's $70-
plus per night Intercontinental Hotel. 
the hangout of the weU-financed 
international press, the public phones 
have been out of commission for two 
weeks now. 

I'm lucky, though. I only live one and 
a half miles from TELCOR, the center of 
postal and telephone services. I plan my 
telephone caDs a day in advance to 
make best use of my daily visits to 
TELCOR. 

Buses are the dominant mode of 
transportation. especially given the 
growing shortage of fuel . For one 
cordoba, equivalent to about three cents, 
you can join the party. If the bus' 
maximum capacity is 60, then usually 
90 or more people wiD be on board , 
hanging out [he back door, thl' front 
door, and all over each other. My 
record , so far, i:. simultaneous body 
contact with seven people. On a typical 
90-90 day in Managua (90 degrees with 
CX>% humidity), a long bus ride can be 
an unforgettable experience. I'm glad for 
two things . First, unlike many 
Californians, I don't need my "personal 
space." Second, every Nicaraguan uses 
Dial scented soap. 

Roads and sidewalks are another 
trouble area. Even the major highways 
have potholes that can at very 
inconvenient moments make a two-lane 
road into a one-lane road . One mght, 
walking back from dinner with a friend , • 
I stepped into nothingness and 
screamed. I found myself in a hole three 
to four feet deep in the middle of the 
sidewalk. Seems that a large manhole 
cover was missmg and that for a split 
second so was I. No harm , no foul , I 
guess. 

The austerity program imposed by the 
government to deal with foreign debt 
payments/ balance of trade programs has 
meant heavy restrictions on luxury 
imports. "Chanel No. 5 is unavailable," 
lamented one young Nica. So, for that 
matter. are new cars. Travel visas are 
also difficult to get. 

The Nicaraguan economy is squeezing 
the Nicaraguan middle and upper 
classes along with the rest of the society. 
The government has little choice if it 
wants to get international loans in the 
future . Ask any government In the 
world, especiaUy in Latin America. 
T hey'U tell you a similar story. 

The increased austerity and the newly 
imposed mandatory draft regis tration 
have SC nt many middle class 
Nicaraguans searching for relief (spelled 
"Miami "). They criticize their Marxist 
government openly and frequently. Most 
remain In Nicaragua. and many take 
part in various aspects of the 
revolutionary process. But lots escape 
into another "Americanized" world 
inside the discos of Ciudad Plastico. 

Women 
Nicaraguan women are beginning to 

overcome centuries of machoism, and 
their growing sense of pride is obvious. 
That all-too-familiar whistle or sexual 
remark is frequently answered by a 
sharp comeback or a firm crinCtsm. 

A recently enacted law bans 

Literature Department -- Winter Quarter 1984 
ENGLISH LITERATURE 
lil/ En 149 
n,,,,,,,,, in Eng/ish and Ammca" LilmllurC 
Burl£squt.Apocalyplic Novels of tht 1930's (t) 
Lec A MWf 2:00-2:50 APM 2'102 
InslruCtor. "~Uiam loc",",ood cel523 
We will IOLu, "n the 1"urburl,·,que·.lp,xJlrPllc n,,,"cls ,,. n.,,,cll.ls N.uh.IOJci WeSt wrotc bcf,lre hIS brolhant 
L.''''", \\.1> lUI ",I h,m (the 1.lt.11 nm""quenle"fh ,s run nmg 'h r"ugh il Stop s'gn In EI Cemro. Cuhf"mla);all 
"I ,hem puhlt,h,'u ,n the dc·c,.de "Ithe I Y30, J he n,.,·<1'" LoJ"'1 B,,'~ ,5J1c1I. M", LtIJ.dy Hew " . A C..,I M,I/klll . 
~lIH.I Th,' fA" ty tht' uJ, u,' 1 hl' rcp(.lns 4md rt"nl'U1U n~ nn Am(,rlt:41 In the tWC'IlIIl"S and .himes as IlM,md 10 
Edmund Wlis.>n\ AtII,',,,ull "'"lh,/,wllL' mlng}' w.1I pmv,de .. whuml (omext for an 'ntfnS'w rC'Jding of 
\\r'('st ~ nll\,l'I~ .tnU fl1r our ~lIu..·mp( to .IV .. CSS \I\'e"" ',, UnlqUl' pl.llT • .and [he roll" of (he burlcsqUL"-.iptx .. ::.IYplll: 
n"wl '"me "I We,, ' h"cl p"·teS puhh,hcd In m.lg.lZlnes . . lnd HUnier 5 Thnmpson's rccenl -A 0.,& Took 

~1) l'I .lll· (.1 1c~.IL) ,,[ ,h" We,I,'rn m,,,]e) 1\111 Ix Induded 

GENERAL LITERATURE 
Litl~n 152 
Lit"'''"rt and Ide<U: (mag'" of Physlcialls 
Lee B TTh 10:00-11 :20 APM 2250 
InSt ruclor: Andrta Hal/m Iry cc2626 
I{(' •• dtng L", PI hll"tll'. Ch"",'plwr M.lrl,,,,·,, L 151l<.1 
7 he' 1III"~lIhl'" I",·,/lkl. \hlltl·"·. 167J 
bll'lII\ (~rllt ' Pctlpk Iknn k Ih~t· ll . IHHl 
I), Jd~\11 tltlel MI H\lk· Kohert LAll'" ""H.'\TIl,)(1I1 . IHHb 
Allow .. ltu,h )mllur U'\\' ... , 191'5 
Trll.ln h 1h .. I\,.~III r "'-,lI' ruo!\l·r.lld I~H 

II, I"~ II/ C"I ~.lInlld ~hl'm 1~7tl 
1111', lour;>. .... \\ III l'\;plOrL' fl'prl"l' l1l.Hltllh 01 phY'llI'lO'" ~lT1d 1IH.'lhul1 l' 111 Wl''''ll'rn 
Luhurl· .... Ihmughtltl1 111'101) \Vl' \\llIl"~lInllll' J1""n~ml) IIIl'f.1l")' "'''IlIIll· .... .. uppkl11l·IlU.·l.I 
h) lurrt.'m .lflll!L' !'! .lIHI l"klpul.1r uilrurl' In llrJl'l tl' undtr""t.lI1d htl\\' lKJrUHllt.'plIllll III 
ph)' !o lll,1I1"1 Illl'(hl.llh.' . • Il1J ... l.Icnu .. ' h~'\ - l' hl' rl1 rcnrdl'lI,II1U Itlt)IJI..'u h)- "'l"'-h mlllll' l1l'l'!t 
'\"W'"k'"h 1o.Itd ·ll·rtll 1'.11" " ( ~ ·O pp) 1:1/1 .• 1 p.ll",r </l-Il pp ) 

Lil/~n 165 
Atloltsctlll Ultrarurt 
l.u A MWf 1:00-1:50 HI.. I H8 
In"ruaor: Glnlll Sadln cc2615 
A ... lud) III 111..11,)11 \\r1lk'l1 Itll" Ih\,., )'lllll~ .1UlIh 111 \'~'nl)u!'o llihurc:'l ,tnt! Ixntxb 
L,ln.,u .. kn1l1l"Hl \\ 111 Ix' gl\'t:11 hi dll' )nul1g lu~ r'l III hlllllli Rl'pn.~"'l'IlI.u,,'t.· .1LIr1wr:o Will 
1I11..I1Itk '\ L I I IIlhlll , h:l lu' l !4111l1 .111 I .... lhdll· ! hlll.llldJudllh t .lIC"'" , Ihlll(:n( tmllier .Ind 
p.1U1 L",dd 

SPANISH LITERATURE 
Lil/ Sp I7t 
SlIIdi", i. Ultra/III" ontl SOClfty. 

tudy of U/na/llr .. alld film 
u,c A TIlt 8 .3\l·9.50 P6I:1. 111 0 
In. lruetor. Rmaura Saucl,n: ec28 12 
Th I ... .. :\lUI ""': \\' III If ll11p.lll' .lI1d lO1l1l ,1'11 Ic\h III 1\\ \1 1lll'l1l.1 Irrl"f.1I LUI..' .lIld 111m l l ... lIlg .1 ..... · ll1hlll\- · 111-..11 '111 .11 
.lppn1,h.h , \\ \,.' \\ III IOtlk ,II .llld .1Il.1IY::l' It/m \l' , "' I41lh III Irll"I.II) fl'\I .. Ihllll 1..11111 '\I11I.' lll,' 111\ 11Idlllg I'lh:1 hi 

~ Ilt l _ " p .lIn ,I ilL! lI'l' ( I1ll.II141 .... 1.ulh\\L· ... , ~IUl.kl1h" III h .. · "'\rh'" tnl hi \HII,,' ll1"' l' ... lh111 p.ll"h.'''' .md .• I,\llg 
{l'I lll p..lpl' l' nn Illl\. ' , ,1 th~ IItl·r.H) Il' \h .lIld ~l l 111m .. 

UlIEn 155 
"",,"alii u_ ... d 11K ~ AIlS: 
To hllll A MulAlblt /kGIiry: 
&Ipr AIm! 1'«1 """ dlt Vis,"" Arts (d) 
Lee A lib 1:00-2:20 HSS 1\06 
IDSlnlctor: Bn .... DjilrsrrG cel526 
Edg.lr Allan Poe is commonly assoc'ated wnh -tf rror" flCllon However. ewn Jmong h,s most ' homflc" 
stones many spec.flC d,d,cllc passages IIldlc",c ,heir authors phllosoph,cal prcocL upallons Poc\ 
wnlings, In fact . are early examples "f" hJI tnlghl be termed ·lransfonn.""e reJlism ." one of the most 
c r.,.,," ve and progressive (but also one oflhe !cast understood) hUmantSI.nteileCl u.ll tendenc.es to be found 
In mid-nlnneenth cenlury Amenc. Poc beheved Ihal anythmg thaI can be m"de v's,ble can be made rcal . 
lie found much of 'hc msp,rallon lor hIS own work m ,he Jrt of ,he Romant'c p,lInters of the edrly 
n'"~te~mh century. and in Iheir lum. many or the s)'mbohst pam,er> of the late nmeleenth CC nlUI), were 
directly msplred by Ihe suggcSt,,,e v.sual content of hIs wn llngs. In th,s course. we sh.1I explore m detJllthe 
dose ,ies be,,,,,,en Poe's method of verbal "'p"''''nldllan and the v.sual arh. and " .. shall,ry ,odeilOeate the 
nature of Poe's concepl of "lr.:tnSrornt.lIlve reality," 

U,/GftI 125 
Specilllitnl Gmm in Urnalurt: 
Anciml Now! in T "' ...... liOll 
Lec A MWf 10:00- 10:50 BB 2135 
InSlNctor: John H..,lh cc262 1 
Thl' gml of th, s wurse .s to m"ke ,omc sen", 01 the pl"lhora "I s(·xu.11 scandals. f.\ked-
dc.llhs. p,mtc k,dnappmgs. w"mlllg low,.". d,vme meddling .• lnd vltgmny 'CStS whteh 
seem w fnrm the b;,ckb.mc of ,he .mC'Cn! Greek .md Rnm.m novels 'ex,s w.1I onelude 
the works 01 Ch.trlton. Heltlldorus. longus. Pelrlln,us. ,lnd Apulc.us BeSIde. d,sc usSlon 
01 thl' usuall uadry m.nters, Ihere w,lI be .m emphaSIS ,m the I.\lC HdleOlsllc and e.ltly 
CIl"'I'Jn htemr), .lnd soc"tI background Stuclcnts w,lI rc.,d CX.UllP!cS 01 .InC,,,nt 
h. swnngmphy. cp,sll~ngr.phy. kwe elegy, h.'g,ogr;lphy. comedy. p" sloral. .lnd rhe",,,c 
The ,,>urs<: w,lI mLi'Kle . I,de prescn!Utlons ,n help 'ntmdure ,he studcnl III 'h IS 

rntt:rl ~linmg ( .lnd t1hl'n ncgICl1.rd ) .U('~l 01 da':lslc.,1 Irtl'mlllre 
UI/ Qn 125 
Sptrialittd Gm,,,, in U'tr.,/urt: 
Sati,;,,,/ No."" 
Lee B TTh 10;00-11 :20 H55 1106 
InSlNetor: Sltvt Cox ce26H 
Rc.1d mg 11"'[ 
G:nrh" t) ,,, cll AIIIIIV" I·tl/II, 

Pl' trlllllU~ .st't\'nc tHl 
Vlllt,III'" C,,,,d,,k 

~ 'nd.ll r l.cw ... &i1~11l 
Tllllll .... I'yrn:hnn I h,. (I)''''~ "/ '-Ill .l'J 
A)'11 ~.II11I , 1 he hIIlIHtllllh, 'lIll 
M.II")' ~k C.'rfh r llil G,o\\', til AU/l/ntll 
1 hi'" l"Ur"l~ , ... 11 l n·.tll ), 'tlll..h .\ I l'k'~ h~'gg) I11 tllhlCr .1 ... H m.l) .'PPl".1I L.H.h l)l lhl! ~'t)rk.., 
w" III,,: rL·.ld tng rep",,.:nt, .• I) I'" " I ",\l ite 

ERROR IN REGISTRAR'S SCHEDULE OF CLASSES; 
Lit/Gen 152, Lit~ralUre and Ideas, subtitles --
Lec. A -- Literature and R~volution in Modem China 
lec. C -- European Literature and the Rise of Science 

COURSE DESCRIPTIONS FOR A VARIETY OF LITERATURE COURSES ARE 
AVAIlABLE IN TH E HIIRD COLLEGE HUMANITIES BLDG, ROOM 110. 
INFORMATION REGARDING MAJORS, MINORS AND HONORS PROGRAM IS 
ALSO AVAILABLE IN TCIIB 110. 

advertisements that portray women as 
sex objects or In other disparaging ways. 
Another re<>emly passed law requires 
both parents to suppon in equal 
amounts the costs of chIld rearing. This 
law was a response to a hislorie pallern 
.n which men will have children with 
two or three women and support none 
of them. Some ~stimates ha~ betn 
made that up to 50% of Nicaragtan 
families are headed by a sin~ parent 
(read mother). Enforcement of this 
second law has begun to take effect 
mostly in urban areas. 

W.omen , through an organization 
caBed Association of Nicaraguan 
Women, "Luisa Amanda Espinoza" 
(AMNLAE). have a representati~ in the 
Council of State. They are t hean of 
Nicaragua's popular organizationlS. They 
are aho playing a significant role in the 
volunteer militias that defend the border 
areas from CIA-Somocista attacks. 

Machoism In Nicaragua has not and 
will nor change overnight. And women 
will continue to be responstble for both 
family income and family upkeep. Ruth , 
a soldier in the Sandinlsta Army. told 
me . "Our struggle IS a long one We 
have to ovcrcome both 
underdevelopment and machoism. But 
right now we have to concentrate on 
defending our country from the contra." 

Being Gnngo 
Without an exception . NIcaraguans 

have made a clear di stinction between 
IllC as a North American and the actions 
of the North American government In 
the same se ntence they might caU me 
companero and curse the Yankee 
intervention . Because of personal 
experiences with Visiting North 
Americans and government propaganda, 
Nicaraguans believe that the North 
American public generaUy opposes 
Reagan 's Central America policy and is 
in solidanty with Nicaragua. From the 
people opposed to the government to 
the strongest Sandinista supporters, the} 
all talk about living in peace with their 
brothers to the north . If peace -does 
indeed start at home, then their respect 
for gringos is a valuable start. Makes me 
wonder whether we can reciprocate . I 
hope so. 

Reagan's policy a dead end 
By BRAD BARHAM 

The strategy of the R~agan 
Administration - CIA is strikingly clear 
to me and yet it is a Mad tnd. Former 
U.S. Army strategist. John Buchannan. 
told the Sandinlsra junta, the only viable 
tactic ror the CIA is conslant attacks by 
light plan~s on fud facilitits and vital 
economic targets. The resulting 
immobilizalion of Nicaraguan society 
will mtan a government balanCing the 
trade-off between ha~!e".~ing crops -

fe~ding its people, and moving -
supplying the army. The immobility will 
permit one of the anackins groups to 
establish a provisIOnal base within 
NIcaraguan boundaries in order to 
increase harrassment of strategic targets. 
while on an international level, the 
Somocistas will be raising money and 
support from whomever they can. 

Why do I question this strat~gy1 The 
overwhelming maJonty of Nicaragua's 
poor (and they are the majority by far) 
supports the Revolution - National 
Liberation. As a result of that support 
and the fact that they are increasingly 
armed and organized, I can only 
envision a traglCaUy bkJody and 
destructive outcome. A Mexican 
diplomat recently asked the Reagal1 
Administration what they would do to 
secure their victory against the attacks 
of 1-2 milhon "guerrillas" that would be 
In the mountains opposing the new U.S. 
backed government. if they overthrew 
the Sandinista government. 

I shared all this with you because the 
responsibility for devising an alternative 
to the current policy of our government 
resides with us as "democratic" 
Americans. If we sit back and concern 
ourselves only with the immediacies of 
our everyday lives, we leave the fate of 
twenty million Central Americans (the 
crisis is regional , of that you can be 
sure) and thousands of U.S. citizens in 
the hands of the CIA and our President. 
In three years they have delivered tons 

of arms. mountains of misery , and death 
and destruction to this region. 
Repression br~eds revolution at this 
juncture of history. Look at any country 
in Latin America now. where repression 
runs amok. usuaUy with our fuU support, 
th~ revolutionary/ opposition movements 
grow stronger. It is time for us to step-
out of our Ease-West box for a moment 
or two. recognize the legitimacy of 
people struggling for their liberation 
from repressive governments and offer a 
helping hand. If the Soviets worry you 
on a very deep level, then consider how 
our actions supporting repress ive 
regimes, forge alliances between those 
struggling ror liberation and those who 
will acruaUy support them in their 
effortS. 

The 1984 elections are com ing. Now 
is the time to begin figuring out how to 

express your convictions. Congress-
people become particularly responsive 
as will Presidential candidates. I urge 
you to consider the situation. U.S. 
policies have such a profound innuenc~ 
in all of Latin America. Consider how 
you can participate to express your 
beliefs and concerns throughout the 
election process, not exclusively on 
election day. Frankly. the Nicaraguan 
pueblo has more optimism about the 
North American public's wisdom than I 
think they should, given our track -
record . Perhaps we can prove them 
right. If the current misery continues 
unabated. then we . as North Americans, 
will carry the pnmary responsibility . Our 
government is the leading actor on this 
stage despite State Depts. statements 
about Soviet-Cuban-Nicaraguan-... 
"exports of revolution ." 

Nicaragua: The players 
wnllllucd from page 5 

The Soviet Union and Cuba: The 
Soviets hr ve contributed $200 mllhon to 
the Sandinistas this year. the 
Nicaraguans are attempting to rebuild an 
economy piUaged by Somoza and 
suffering from continued attacks by the 
Contras on portS, Oil wells, factories and 
farms . However. the majority of aid is 
coming from Cuba. Castro has sent over 
4,000 teachers. medical advisors and 
civihan technicians to aid in Nicaragua's 
redevelopment. On the important matter 
of Cuban military advisors there are 
connicting reports, the Reagan 
Administration counts 2.000 advisors 
while the FSLN declares that there are 
only 200. The eXIstence of Sandlnista 
Nicaragua is important to Cuba and the 
Soviets to demonstrate that a revolution 
can succeed in Central America. 

The major chance for peace in 

Nicaragua lies In a group caUed 
Contradora Contradora is an umbrella 
organizanon involving negotiators from 
all countries in Central America. in 
addition to Mexico, Venezuela and 
Columbta. PreSident Reagan states that 
the only chance for Nicaraguans to 
achieve peace is to agree to the 
principles outlined by Contradora. 
These principles for peace are: the 
withdrawal of all Cuban adVlsors, the 
demilitarization of Nicaragua and free 
and verified elections. The Sandlnistas, 
in response , have offered the promise to 
stOP arms shipments to the EI 
Salvadorean guerillas. In return the 
Sandinistas request a ban on foreign 
mihtary forces in the regIOn , the 
disarming of the Contras and their 
relocation away from the Nicaraguan 
border. So far both sides consider each 
other's proposals inadequate . 

r---------------------------------, 9ELLDflSTDftE ~ 20% OFF 

$2 off medium pizza 
$3 off large pizza 

Offer expires 11-17-83. 
Qood on dtne-In orders only. 

I 
I 
I 

8873 Villa La Jolla Dr. 
o. 455-0662 L _________________________________ ~ 

CLITllla Cl EVERYTING IN STOCK. 
3790 Million Blvd. This Friday and Million Beach 

483-1651 Saturday Onlyl 
also In Santa Bartlaro 

10:00 am to 6:00 pm 

••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• •••• •••• • •• • 

COPY COVE 
01 La Jolla 

15'- DISCOUNT with this ad a 
UCSD I.D. until 11/30/83. 

Specialists In thelia reproduction. 
• Xerox copies. reductions, enlargements 
IlFuIl color X9f(»( copies 
II Full binding S91Vice. hard & soft CCN9( 
IIStationels supplies. typing 

_ Mon. -Fri. 7:30-6:00 
701 r.art •.• La Jolla • eom. 01 Draper a..... Sot. 9:00-5:00 

-

• • ••• • • 

Do Yoa a..JlGood .... ? 
CAPPULETIE EN1ERPRISES is 
marketing products mated to 
personal grooming. cosmetics 
and appard. If you haw an Idea 
in any of these areas and want to 
market it, write us a k!tter with 
your name. address. telephone 
number and the general 
category of your Idea (ex. 
VIIOrkout clothes>. If your Idea has 
possibilities. ~ 11 contact you. 
Send letters to: 

R.L GLADSmNE 
CAPPULE1TE EHJ'ERPRISES 
P,O. BOX 992 
LA HABRA. CA. ·90631 

737 Pearl 

PRECISION 
HAIRCUTS 

.. 

for ..... wo .. ea 

Wil" t"" c-JHHi 0..",. 
Off .... expir .. 12/1/83. 

456-1170 
La Jolla 456-1815 

i 
\ 
-----------------~--------$10 PRECISION: PERM $29.50 HAIRCUT I long Hair Extra . 1---------------------for lIIen '" wo .. e. I 

Shampoo, condition, cut. 
(Riowdry '101 .ncluded ) 

: MANICURE $5 

Sell us your car! 
SlIt P£IItMJg 

AUTO SALES 
693-1165 or 698-3736 

for 

• 



• Colored Papers 

8855 Villa La Jolla Dr. 
457-3775 

(Near Ralphs & Sav-on) 

• Kroy Letteriag 
• 1,000+ Priciag 

• Folding 

c 1983 AdoIphCoors~ GoIden.CoioIodo8OolO1 · lIMwefd fIre Quollv-.sS.1'CfI1S73 

Novelll!>':r 10, 1983 9 
NEWS ." 

•• ~ ~. • ": J • • • • • :', •• ~ '.. • ,N ; J.. N • J, J J • <', ,.,. ;::;.... • ;.: 

If the experiments provide the same informa tion 
aoout t/-.: drug's effect on cancer that was known 
previously, then borh models will be proven accura te, 
and new d rugs can be tested In this manner. 

This would be a major step tOwa rd find ing more 
cancer-fighti ng d rugs and help fight the battle agm nst 
cancer . 

The whole p roject is expected 10 take over th ree 
yea rs to complete and is already underway. "A 1m of 
wo rk st ill has 10 be do ne," sa id Rose n. "We can't 
predict how this will rurn out: 

Dr. Taetle 'was also cautious about the project, sayi ng 
that mos t expe riments like this are nor successful , but 
he added that even if it is a fa ilure they will still learn 
many things from the experience. 

Cancer Center 
By PHIL WlLLON 

Cancer. Three out of every ten people will 
comract it , and three out of every four families will 
be struck by it. It is a disease that has barned 
scientists since it was first discovered and will ' 
probably continue 10 do so for many years 10 come. 

The UCSD Cancer Center was created for the sole 
purpose of researching this disease and III its brief 
five year existence has become one of the top 
research centers of irs kind in the world . What 
makes the cemer unique is its application of the 
research done in the laboratOry to the clin ical 
treatment of is patients. This gives the latest and 
most advanced cancer treatmem 10 those who have 
failed all mher conventional therapy. 

UCSD lands pr~s.tigious 
cancer research grant 
By PHIL WlLLON 

"People come 10 us, because it's their last chance," 
said Associate Director of the Center Dr. Geo rgia 
Slader. ' We don't play around ." 

Improving the quality of patient care is a major 
function of the center. They run a modem 
outpatient clinical unit that handles most major 
strains of cancer and are staffed with physicians 
with expenise in cancer. They offer counseling and 
education for the patients and family members. If 
inpatient, care is necessary the UCSD Medical 
Center is located just across the street , insuring 
cominuiry of care. "Patients are now living, and they 
need some help to live ," said Slader. T he UCSD Cancer Center has been granted $2.2 miUion by the National Cancer Institute (NCI) to develop a new method to screen the 

thousands of potential cancer-killing drugs that are 
introduced every year. 

UCSD was chosen over two top research facilities . 
that also put up bi~5 for the contract the BateUe 
Corporation of Columbus, Ohio, and the EG&G 
Corporation of Bedford , Massachusetts. Dr. Fred 
Rose n, who will be one of the primary researchers in 
the project, said that the reason the Cancer Center 
received the grant was because of its expert clinical 
unit and its access to the tumors needed to conduct 
the study. -They [NCII gave us what we wanted," said 
Rosen . "It's a credit to this institution that we got the 
funds ." 

Over 300 drugs suspected of having the abiliry to 
destroy cancer ceUs are derived weekly. The Cancer 
Center's main objecuve is to develop a screen that will 
weed out aU the ineffective drugs without having to 
experiment on human beings in the process. They are 
also hopmg that this screen will teU them which 
specific drug should be used against a specific tumor. 

New drugs are presently being tested on animal 
tumors , but Dr. Ray Taetle , who is heading up the 
study, warned that in some cases a drug will work on 
the animal tumor but will not have the same results on 
a corresponding human tumor. It is not known 
whether a drug wi! be effective inside a human being 
until it is given to a human being. It is exacdy this trial 

and error experimentation that the NCI wants to avoid. 
Because the UCSD Cancer Center has extensive 

experience in both the laboratory and patient-oriented 
aspects of cancer research, they were seen by the NCI 
as the resarch center that was best qualified in 
formularing the necessary screening system. 

The Cancer Center wiD be experimenting with twO 
sc.eening methods that have been developed and 
proven somewhat reliable. 

The first method involves injecting human cancer 
cells into a speCial breed of mouse, then applying the 
specific chemotherapeutiC agent to be teSled. These 
Athymic mice lack a basic generic mechanism that 
prevents them from having normal defenses against 
diseases such as cancer. Since the mice are 
physiologically unable to destroy the injected cancer 
cels, the response to the treatment is an indication of 
how the drug might act if given to a human with the 
same tumor cells. 

The second screening process, known as the in vitro 
system, takes place in the lab. Human malignant ceO 
cultures are grown in a test tube , where they are 
directly exposed to the drug being tested. The drug is 
considered effective if it kills 70% of the cancer cells it 
comes in contact with. 

Both systems will be tested against ten drugs that 
have already been clinically recognized as being 
successful in fighting cancer. Each drug will be applied 
to ten ovarian and ten malignant melanoma tumors 
that will be obrained from patients who have not 
received any prior cancer treatment 

UCSD researchers are making considerable gains 
in improving their knowledge of cancer and 
strengthening the fight against it. They are presently 
working on the use of monoclonal antibodies to 
arrack the cancer ceUs. These antibodies, which 
have the abiliry to smgle out specific cancer cells, 
are being administered to patients in clinical 
experiments in the hope that they will allow the 
immune system to be more effective in attacking the 
cancer cells. If this method proves 10 be effective , 
human antibodies can eventually be primed to 
attack cancer cells without damaging normal tissue, 
which is a major problem with the present cancer 
treatments. 

There is also some study being done on the 
techniques used to treat breast cancer. Researchers 
are trying to determine whether radiation treatment 
and chemotherapy would achieve the same cure 
rates as the current procedure of removing the 
whole breast. The results have been promising thus 
far and may start a new trend away from the 
mastectomy. 

Other research in the use of interferon, which is a 
protein in the body's immune system, is now go ing 
on and is receiving n.ltional attention in its abiliry to 
combat cancer. 

The Cancer Center is also trying to get money for 
research on AIDS and a new cancer prevention 
clinic. 

If you are thinking about a career 
in the field of Psychology we offer 

Ph.D. Programs in Clinical and 
Industrial/Organizational Psychology 

• Part-time and full-time study options 
• Intensive field work 
• Strong practitioner faculty 
• Financial aid 
.APA accredited programs 

50 ..... $3 •• • SaW ........ Sotap • SaI ...... .25 
Mul/ins, Breads and Dessert Included 

We also have Sandwiches, Quiche, Broiled Chicken Platter, 
Steak Sandwiches and Burgers. 

* 10% DISCOUNT WITH STUDENT 1.0.* 
O'_II·9: .... DAILY 737PEARLSTllEET.LAJOLLA 454-3tU 

• Career planning information 
II/IIJliallio", a,. 110111 ",ill6 accepted for Fall 1984 

CSPP·Central Admissions Dept, C 
2152 Union Street San Francisco, Ca, 94123 

or call TOLL FREE (BOO) 457·1273 
in Calif, (BOO) 457-5261 



10 N,l\'l'Ill/lL' 10, 1<l8J 
NEWS . 

. ~ .' :-. :. . . . .' . .... ..... ", .. , ~ . ' '" " .. '" .. ~ . ~ . 

, - -/ -------

this WEek;~=::::::;'ll . / rr====;" 

!~~: _ - __ ~_ J _~t l thc f::::=~-~~ 
~iddy 

. The PUB is now 
serving breakfast. 
Starting: 7:00am 

Spoosored by seB 
- Admission FR[f to all events 

The Landlords 
Landlords just can 't figure why anyone 
would buy when they can rem. After all , 
owning a home is a big responsibility that 
tudents can't possibly handle . Your life would 

become undisciplined and chaotic without the 
landlord 's rules to live by . Your damage deposit 
wouldn ' t be there waiting for you (wirhout interest, 
minus deductions) when you leave. peaking of 
leaving, when you rent you ' re free to pick up 
and leave anytime the whim strikes you (or 
your landlord). And how about the fun of 
listening to your neighbors thru those thin 
walls - on a good night you don't even 
need a stereo for entertainment. All in 
all, renting is better than buy.ing (from the 
landlord's point of view). It 's the natural 
order of things. Without renters like you, how 
would landlords be able to buy their buildings? 

Chancellor names chair 
of US-Mexican relations 

Ur, Wayne A. Cornelius, director of 
the Center for US· Mexican Studies at 
UCSD, has been named by Chancellor 
Richard C. Atkinson to 1111 the Gildred 
Chair for US~Mexican Relations. 

Cornelius, a professor of polillcal 
science, will be the firsl holder of the 
recentl), created position rhe chair is 
funded through a gram from the family 
foundations of Stuan C. and Theodore 
E. Gildn'd , of Santa Yoc:: ,md Solana 
Beach rcspectivel}'. 

In accepting his appointment, 
Cornelius stated that the establishment 
of the interdisciplinary chair in the field 
of US-Mexican relations is "a very 
significant step in the development of 
Lalin American studIes at UCSD. The 
donors have assured further 
institullonalizatiUJ I of the center for US-
Mexican Studies while freemg up some 
other financial resources that can be put 
into good use in the Center's various 
research programs." 

A gi ft of at least $250,000 to the 
University is required to create an 
endowed chair, the proceeds of which 
supplemcl1I research, staff suppOrt, 
travel and other expenses for the 
selected faculty member. ThiS will be the 
16th endowed chatr to be established at 
UCSD 

"ThiS chair will be Viewed by our 
Mexican and other Latin American 
colleagues as further evidence that 
UCSD, among aU US Universities, has 
taken the lead in developing MexlCo-
related research, instructional and public 
service programs," announced Cornelius. 

Cornelius is generaUy re ognized as 

the United States' leading authority on 
recent MeXican immigration as well as 
one of the pnncipal analysts of Mexican 
politics and development policy. He has 
also made major contributions to the 
interdISCiplinary study of urbanization 
In Lalln America and has pioneered 
new field research methods for studying 
lOW-income populmions, such as urban . 
squatters In Mexico and illegal IInml-
grants 10 the United Stales. 

He began studymg MeXICO in 1962 
and lived there lor more than four years 
He jOined UCSD as a faculty member In 
1980 as a professor of political scieAce, 
coming from the Massachusetts Institute 
of Technology, 

Cornelius founded the Cemer for US· 
Mexican Studies upon his arrival at 
UCSD. The cemer is now the largest of 
Its kind devoted to research, graduate 
training and publications, dealing 
exclUSively with Mexico and US-
Mexican relations. The center now has 
more than 90 affiliated researchers, 
including 25 visiting research rellows 
trom universities from throughout the 
United States, Mexico and other 
countric~. 

Cornelius was the chairman of the 
Executive committee for UC's mne-
campus consortium on Mexico and the 
United States and is a director of the 
inter-university Consorllum or US 
Research Programs in Mexico. 

Cornelius is also the incoming 
preSident of the Latin Amencan Studies 
Association of the United States (LA A), 
the world's largest Latin American affairs 
think tank, founded in 1966. 

. Park. VJIIes 
Park Villas is dedlcated to the proposition 

that you'd "'ther Invest in your future, 
instead of the landlords. So, we've made It 

possible to buy a home In Mission Valley for less 
than it costs to rent . How? Simply by being fair, 

rather than greedy. The down payment Is low. Your 
damage deposit could cover a lot of it (if you can 

get it back). Monthly payments are low too. 
Probably less than you're now paying to rent . 
We give you a 4-year break to get you started. 

With 87/8% the first year, graduating to 
12 1/8% Annual Percentage Rate years 4 -

30. So you can stan buying your home 
before you can afford the payments . Prices 

are very low. Starting at 149,990. And the homes 
are really outstanding, situated in a true park 

environment with clubhouses, pools and saunas . 
In a few words, the difference between Park 

Villas and an apartment is easy to measure. You 
put a deed in your pocket instead of a hole. 

WHERE YOU SPEND ~ 11IAN RENr 1'0 OWN A HOME. JIRI(D S'IMlT AT '49,900 

Models open daily 10:00 to 6:00 
Phone 619Il99·0029 

Pnces &. (crm~ !\uhicl" to chJI1Kl" without nUlk..: 

"I,m 1l1\'MH 
'I:I"IIUIII 

T~ TYPICAL EXAMPLE. Based on ca.h price of 49,900 and l59(J down; paymenl' ha",d on H~'K, firSI y~ar, 9~')(, ,,,cond year, IIl Jl,'y., third Y"", I t ~'Xo remaining 27 Y"2rS 
will vary (rom ' .iRS I\) H9\ . Add taxes and homeowners 
due,. 

,~ 

I 
-

. t 

-



(o lllinucd from ptJgc I J 
and point of view for the pafect picture 
of a particular subject, Rich would rather 
shoot 70 shots and Simply choose the 
best. He sets light difftmltly than other 
people; light is dynamic, always changing 
from momtnt to mOmtnl Light givts 
ftding to an object, and that ftding 
changfS as quiclrly as the ~ghL 

Being a photographer allows a change 
of direction whi~ remaining in one job; 
the subjects are varied, locations are 
difftrtnt and the work runs in serits of 
projects, comp~te units with no limit on 
their diversity. 

Rich 's passion is sports photography. a 
stoltn bast, a touchdown pass, a rrI'tJ'Se 
slam dunlr. ThtK rapid-fire mO\'tmtnts 
demand conctntration and technique; a 
sports photographer m wst be ewrywhere, 

an omniscient viewer of what IJ'fJS on. 
Cintnt,uograplty is where Rich ftds the 

future of pItofography iiI'S. He would lillt 
a carter in produdng or directing. 
Photography is tvOIving. rod vitko 
ttmng O\'er where radio is leaving off. If 
Rich were to make rocIr videos, he would 
be able to combine both sides of 
photography, using his technical 
understanding of capturing a subj«t al 
its best whik ltrting the pure artist in 
himstlf run wild. 

For Rich, a camtnl Is mtrtly a tool 10 
extend onewJf; it is nothing 10 he tJrIJkd 

sac~. His equipmm' is .. Iris 1ft, 
ovoworkd; il shows the t:JTuts of 
colISI4ndy trying 10 m«t a IIt\Ier DIdin, 
serifS of _dlill4 

What else can yow SG)' about a guy 
~ nic_1IIt is Fuu? 

ERROR IN REGISTRAR'S SCHEDULE OF 
CIASSES: 

Subtides were printed incorrectly. 

LitiGen 152 
Lituature and Ideas: 
Lituature and Revolution in 
Modan China 
Lec A TTh 2:30-3:50 
MCC 124 cc2625 
Instructor: Anthony Kane 

An examina tion of the evolving ionship berween literature and politics 
in China from the Li tera ry Revoluti on o f 1917 to the present day. Readings 
will include essays on the revolutio na l)' literature movement written by the 
pan ic ipants themselves, as we ll as representative works o f fi c tion. The 
course will cover major lite ra l)' campa igns including the 1942 Van'an 
Confe re nce on Literature and Art, the 1957 Hundre d Rowers Move ment , 
the C ultural Revolution , a nd the c urre nt pos t-Cultural Revoluti o n reforms . 

Lit/Gen 152 
Literature and Ideas: 
European Lituature and the Rise of Sdrnce 
Lee C TTh 11:30-12:50 APM 2202 
Instructor: jon Snyder cc2627 
This course will explore the roles of "liter.:1ture" and "science" at the 
threshold of the emerging modem world . Through the study of key 
European writers of the s ixteenth and seventeenth centuries, ranging from 
Montaigne to Descartes and Galileo , we will examine literature and science 
at a point of convergence: the age o f scientific and linguistic crisis known 
as the "scientific revolution ." The books we will read -- utopias, fantasti c 
voyages, ana tomies, essays, dialogues, etc. -- a re groundbreaking works that 
try to c haUe nge a nd trans form the very limits oflanguage and thought itself. 
All readings will be in translation . 

A classroom change c:cm do WODd8rs6 
for scholarsb1p. ' 
. . . Join us next semester • • • 

Expedition 51 in the Ccn1bbean 
27 December 1983 - 21 March 1984 

• Earn a 1ull semester's college credit 
• Courses in mari.ne biology. oceanography, marine 

af1airs and nautical science • Sail on a tall ship 
• Make a sign11100nt scientific contribution 

--------------------.. _---------_. Mail this coupon to us 
Ocean Research and Ec:lucat1on Society 

19 HaTbor Loop, C2louceIter ~OI930 (617) 283-1475 
_Send me 1n1onnatton about Expedition 51 
_Send me 1n1onnation about other ORES programs Name ________________________________ ___ 

Address 
__________ Zip 
Phone ( ) 
School 

Soccer revival 
is complete-

Tritons 
in the 
playoffs 

,. 

/ 

/ 
I 

. ,,~f~ , 'i..- . ~ 

You won't see it on nerworic television this weekend, 
but soccer powers around the country will be squaring 
off this Saturday in the first round or regional Division 
111 playoffs. The UCSD men's soccer team, ranked 
second in the Far West-Midwest Region, will play the 
Stags or Clarcmont-Mudd-Scripps Colleges on Saturday 
at 1 pm at Claremont. The Stags are ranked third in 
the region. The last time these teams met, the Tritons 
won 2-1 in overtime arter Claremont scored a 
contested goal with a minute left in regulation play. 
The winner here win go on to play the winner of the 
Wheaton (IU.)-Colorado College game in Colorado. 

After a lackluster season (9-7-2 overall) in 1982, the 
Tritons have come back this year with a 13-2-4 record , 
including nine shut-outs, Opponents have managed to 
score only nine ~ ~inst them aD season. Said 
Coach Derek Armstrong, 'We go out for the shut-out 
every game: 

The team is led on olTense by freshman Greg 
Schwanz with 15 or the team's 52 goals this season . 
Schwanz is quick to point out that defense, team 
intensil)' and coaching are the main reasons for this 
season's turnaround . -Armstrong doesn't just coach. He 
plays with us. He motivates our game. When 
Claremont scored in the last minute (to send the game 
imo ovenimel it could hallC killed our momentum, but 
Derek told us there was no way we were going to lose." 
Armstrong said that the play of four rreshmen, 
experience from last year's players and help coming off 
the bench are the keys to this year's success. "We have 
a group or people here who want to win . With their 
desire and talent and my experience we have the 
makings of a very good team. The situation is that the 
players have 80t to want to win as much as I want to. I 
don't want to isolate panicular players, because it is a 
group effon." 

The Tritons are a young team fielding rwo seniors, 
two juniors, seven sophomores and seven freshmen, so 
they have the potential to be on top ror a while. A look 
at the team by position: 

Goalkftper -:- The 20 year old Albeno Gomez from 
Coral Gables, Rorida, has given up only nine 80als aD 
year long. Armstrong said having him in the goal as a 
scancr since the beginning of the season has been a 
big plus for the defense. It obviously has. 

fullb.cb - Tim Kim, Denis Guttridge and Gary 
Dodge make up a stingy defensive corps led by team 
captain David Griffin. Grimn, a senior, is the leader 

pku.'iC lurn In page 18 



Tritons thirsty for UCSD!Coors title 
By CHRISTINA KAUS 

last year, Loyola Marymount won it. 
In 1981, UC Davis won it by defeating 
UCSD in the finals, and in 1980 UCSD 
again lost in the finals, this time to ut 
Riverside. This year, the Triton women's 
volleyball team IS hungry lor viCtory. 
Beginning this Friday, November II , the 
Tritons will have their chance as they 
host the 1.983 Coors Invitational 
Collegiate VoileybaU Tournament. 

The two-day event has a tough field, 
with a mixture of Division I, II and III 
teams, and both of UCSD's rivals, La 
"verne and Occidental, are entered. 
Among the Division I teams is 
crosstown ri~1 USIU, and among the 
Division IT teams is the Air Force 
Academy. Despite the strength of the 
field , Truon coach Doug Dannevik is 
confident the TritOns will play well and 
emerge victorious. 

-We're looking to rebound this year: 
said Coach DanneVlk. "LaSt year we 
weren't even in the playoffs, and we've 
been in the finals rwice but never won 
it. ThiS year our chances are exceUent." 

The tOurnament, which has seven 
teams competing, beginS at 9 am Friday 
With orthern Arizona University 
plaYing the University of San Francisco. 
At ) I o'clock the TritOns will hit (he 
COUrt for their first match against 

orthem Arizona. AU is a division I 
team, as is l)SF, whom the Tritons wiD 
play at five o'clock. However, Coach 
Dannevlk said that the Division I teams 
"aren't so overpowenng," which means 
it isn't over for the TritOns before they 
even step onto the court. 

On Sarurday, the tOumammt 
continues with the consolation matches 
stalting at 9 am. At one o'clock, the 
playoffs wiD begin, culminating at seven 
o'clock with the championships. 

"This tournament is a good 
opportunity (0 compete: says Coach 
Dannevik. "It is similar to the Nationals 
in its intensity." The tournament is 
arranged so that teams which haven't 
played each other Will have a chance to 
do so. 

The match to watch wiD be at 7 pm, 
when Dannevik's squad faces rival 
Occidental. The TritOns recently 
defeated Oxy on their home court, 
despite the boisterous Oxy fans, so 
perhaps the losers Will be looking for 
revenge. Occidental is currently the 
number three ranked team in Division 
III , while UCSD is currently number one. 
The match is also important, because 
the winner will have a bener chance of 
hosting the NCAA Division III Regional 
Championships this December. 

Much of UCSD's success in the 
tOurnament will depend on the play of 
setter Lulu Schwartz and middle 
blockers Karin Kalk and Kristin 
Kilbourn . 

"Lulu has had an outstanding year: 
said Coach Dannevik. -She has 
surpassed aU my expectations and IS 
having a much better year than last 
year." Schwanz, a senior, IS a two-time 
AU-American and was UCSD's co-Arhlete 

TEAM OF THE WEEK 

Incredible 
Edibles 

Coed A FootbaU 

• 

INCREDIBLE EDlIiL£s: (I t. r) Kati Kr_. T_ ....... TiII-L~. A.h._. 
Jolm Si._, May Ihi. Sla..e I'kRoItert., Nidd \I ..... z 

What 's so incredible about the Incredible Edibles? Could it be their Nicki Vasquez 
line of designer T·shirts? You know, the ones with the large, toothy red grin on the 
front and the team name on the back. Perhaps it's the WlF>j they break out of the 
huddle louder and more together than anyother team in 1M's. Maybe it's the 
intimidating way QB John Sisson barks out the signals - striking fear into the hearts 
of opposing players. Or is it their 2 and 3 won·loss record? Well, maybe their record 
isn't so incredible, but the Edibles apparent disregard for it certainly is. The Incredible 
Edibles are the spirit of UCSD 1M's personified. Vince Lombardi may be rolling in his 
grave, but to the Edibles winning is NOT everything - enjoying themselves is. In their 
game against The Dirt last Sunday, Vince would've been screaming at the refs to call 
some new penalties: overly sportsman· like conduct, illegal use of humor, and 
unnecessary jiving around With the opposing team. 

The Incredible Edibles' attitude is definitely contagious, asany team who has played 
them can .Sl. So here's a toast from the Incredible Drinkable - Miller High Life -
to the grear'taste of coed 1M's, the Incredible Edibles. 

TEAM OF THE WEEK 
SPONSORED BY THE MILlER -BREWING COMPANY 

of the Year rwo years ago. 
Kalk and KilbOurn haVe also been 

outstanding this snson. Dannevik 
admired their effon saying. -They have 
worked e~meIy hard, and it has been 
showing." Both girls are juniors and 
should rerum next ~ar. 

The overall performance of the team 
has been one of improvement. Although 
the Tritons started the season with an 
0-7 record, they a~ now 2~13. The 

early season losses were against Division 
I reams such as San Diego Scate, and 
Dannevik has "been pleasantly surprised 
by my team." 

"The Yrterans are playiri& much bener 
this year," says Coach Dannevik, "and 
the freshmen are doing a JPXI job as 
role pla~rs." The Coors tournament 
provides an excellent opportunity for 
the Tritons to prove themselves worthy 
of their number one ranking. 

COOLh Doug Dannevik already owns thru J1nal-Jour berths and a national cltampiOllShip. 

-.:, 
. ~ 

:-:.~ 
., 

" ....... . 

'--'~'"' 

One set to keep - One set to share. 

12 exposure, 24 prints $2.47 
15 expo disc, 30 prints $3.69 
24 exposure, 48 prints $4.47 
36 exposure, 72 prints $6.77 

(110. 1<:'11. I:V •. ,'IHlll",· ('." I PrOCl'SS) 

Another Great Photo Value &om 
UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE Ho .... : 
University of California, San Diego Monday·Friday 

La Jolla, Ca. 92093 8:00 am . 4:45 pm 
Computer/Electronics Department Saturday 

Phone: 452·4291 10:00 am . 4:00 pm 

Running Thoughts 
By JEFF SAVAGE & MIKE GREENBERG 
WHAT'S GOING ON HERE DEPT, It is more likely to happen in big-time spons than 
Division III athletics, but once in a while a coach can rum a program around strictly 
on his own. The Don Shulas, Bill Walshs and BiOy Martins of the world do not come 
around too often, but when they surface they make a significant impact. UCSD men's 
soccer coach, Derek Armstrong, although not quite in the same class with the 
aforementioned, has done a phenomenal job with vinuaUy the same group of players 
that he inherited from a team that went 3-15-2 in 1981. Successive records of 7-8-2, 
and 13-2-4 since Armstrong's arrival are proof that the skipper from Great Britain is 
certainly a coach UCSD can iU afford to lose. Armstrong is the reason UCSD is making 
its first playoff appearance in the school's history, as the men in blue and gold make 
the long drive up to Claremont to face the Stags in the NCAA Division III Western 
Regional. According to the Triton coach only two players have entered the program 
"with significant impact" since he took over for Tre Conrique as coach at the outset of 
the 1982 campaign. Freshman Greg Schwartz, courted by Armstrong in the off-season, 
is the club's best offensive player - as his team-leading 15 goals would indicate. -I 
thought he was a defender when he came here ," said Armstrong Monday, after 
receiving the news that UCSD has been one of four teams in the Western Regional 
(there are 24 teams). "Schwartz is a real hustler; he's the type who's hungry for goals." 
UCSD and Claremont-Mudd met once already, with the Tritons victorious in overtime 
at Claremont 2-1. Actually, UCSD should have won 1-0 in regulation, but the officials 
gave Cla~mont a free goal as a blatant offside penalty was ignored . In fact . Armstrong 
seems to be more concerned with the officiating than with Claremont. "I JUSt don't 
want the refs to cost us the baDgame the way they almost did earlier," 

Armstrong has shown the soccer team the way to the playoffs for the first time m their 
history. 

NOT TO BE BELIEVED DEPT, Although UCSD is ranked number rwo in the four-team Far 
West-Midwest bracket, they are not hosting one of the twO games Saturday. As great an on-
the-field genius as he may be, perhaps Coach Derek Armstrong should leave the papetwork 
to sqmeone else. When he turned in the eligibility form for the playoffs to the NCAA. 
Armstrong wrote down Warren Field as the playoff site if UCSD earned the home-field 
advantage instead of Muir Field , where the Tritons play their home games. Warren Field is 
in beller condition, and Armstrong wanted things as nice as pOSSible for the event. Also, the 
field is required to have a fence surrounding it. (How difficult can it be to rut up a makeshift 
fence?) Unfortunately, the NCAA requires that a team play at leaS! half 0 its regular season 
games on the proposed playoff site, and the Tritons never played on Warren Field. Instead 
of informing UCSD of the oversight and allowing them to make the correction, the NCAA 
penahzed them by forCing the Tritons to forfeit their home field advantage and travel to 
Claremont for the playoffs. 

Muir Field (ab(}Vc) and Warren Field (lx'low): the d!ffmncc heween hostlllg Clnd "wading" 
the play()ff~ . 

WAlT A MINUTE DEPT. In a recent Running Thoughts column in the Could It Be 
Department, we wrote about twO of Germany's finest soccer players who were brought over 
to the States by none other than Derek Armstrong. The UCSD coach convinced the German 
stars to play for the Tritons this year. What we wrote. of course, was fictitious , as is every 
Could It Be (The Dep,lrtment name has since changed to There's No Way It Could Be). 
Interestingly enough , we received a phone call Tuesday inquiring about the vahdity of the 
story. 1 he caller stubbornly refused 10 believe that what we had written was indeed false , and 
it wasn't until after five minutes 01 constant battling that we I1nally convinced him. So who 
was the caUer? It was the coach of the Claremont soccer team, UCSD's opponent on 
Saturday 
NEXT QUESTION PLEASE DEPT, Answer ((l Munday,> question: When Wilt Chamberlain 
scored hiS record-setllng 100 pOints llg,lllbt the C\\' York Knicks In 1962 , what 
Philadelphia teammJ[C (who became ,In NBA co,Ie h) W,IS second In ~coring hl)norswith 17 
points and cit shed out ,I g,unc high 1'5 JSSI',[s] Answer Golden -;(,lIe ex-cn,u:h and now 
Gcneml Manager AI l\ule5. lotla),'s que,uon : B,,~b,III h,Is seen 01.10)' strangc trJucs but 

pcrh~ps non(' [hm wukl COIllPMC III the,c Ihrce . Cy Young \V'1~ 11 ,ltkd to Icvdand, Babe 
Ruth was dealt to lhl' Y,Inkccs . ,lIld Lefty Gn"e Wib ~cnt to 13,1111111111'1' Wh,u tilt! lhe~ three 
tl'.Hns h,IVC II) S'll'rI hce lor t hel r . new st,lI""] 

the .... 
-----ath.etlc-----
---.:-------'---attic 

\M1en one is confronted with the concept of "Big Game WeeIc" In rJ'IC!jor college 
arhIedcs this fall. IIision5 01 rock ·em. sodc 'rm Nebrask.X)k/ahoma football, or even 
UCU\-Notre Dame baslcedlall dance in )'OOr head. 

Alter alt this is whiIl big lime CDlIegiate sports is all about, isn't it1 ... thousands of. 
screaming mimis packed /ike so IlWlY sardines in stadiums and arenas around the ~ 
yellng their ~arts out br or Mna ~ U. . 

All 01 ths is line arld ~ if ~ Iivr in lincoln or Hollywood, but back in the real 
world 01 coIIe!jate athIdlcs. deep in the pit of the NCM-Dilllsion III. "big game weekU 
takes on a rruch ditllerent fIaIor. AI. the lilillersity of california-San Diego campus, INith 
no football to dominare the fall athIe!ic IcYIdscape, UCSO rmbarks I4XJI'1 a unique ttyee 
~ series 01 sporting ellents that seem destined to go a long w'*i toward the shaping of 
Triton athletic brnx1es this fall. 

/( may not be Husker-Sooner txJtbaII, Go Big Red, and all thatJazz, but at our Sleepy. 
isolated c.1flllUS in laid- bade La ..bI1a, that's all we've got 

Waterpoio, ~/, and soccer are har~ your mainstream sports elsewhere, but 
at UCSO they are the closest thing to being IT. i\nd with no apologies intended, these 
Itlree ha\IIe ~ been doing all right this fa/Las in excellent. 

'1his week is what our season's .11/ about for us," says Men's warerpolo coach Den~ 
Harper. '"We play the ~r Force ~ Thursday afternoon and a win would make 
our srason." 

'lm/le)lball mentor, Doug fliInneWc. echoes Harper precisely, "Our Coors Invitational 
Tournament this weekend Ifri-Satl will be our last tournament appearance before 
Nationals, ~ well with this c.a/iber of corfl)etition can do nothing but enhance 
our chances of being re~ for the NCAA Toumamer1t in December:-

To soccer coach, DerekArmstrong. thei~rtanceofthisSatur~'s NCAA Far West 
play-off game against Claremont can not be OII'eTStated. "This has got to be the blex><¥ 
biggest socct't' game in the sdloofs history," Armstrong nored. And would )'00 know 
it...he's absokJteIy correct .. ~ a ~ long shot. 

But please. /ct:'s stop here and go back to the begiming. "Big GaIT1e Week" at UCSO, 
)'00 say. This 1hursday-Friday-Satur~, Let's go into more depth. If)'OO can't size up the 
following )OJ aren't getting the picture. 

.r---------------------------------------------.n· •• W. •• M .... ~~DO~---------------------------------------------,. 
AliI Force Acatsnty vs. the Ttl .... 

lhu..., ........ c.n,on VIew Pool tw-Nn c.apusl 
lhe Tritons h&<e a/re~ beaten ~r Force ona this season, 8-7, at the Stanford 

Invitational, but a lot of good that did. lhe Falcons for some reason still manage to be 
rated ahead of Harper's )'OOng poloists in the NCAA poll. "That irks IT1e just a bit." says 

Den~ the Ht.n. '"We beat them but get no respect in the pools. I'd give anything to have 
a big crowd. knodc ~r Force on its tai/fin. and keep them from qua/itying for the last 
spot in the NCAA Tournament 

~-----------------------------------------,w.a~ .... ~ •• ~~I------------------------------------------. 
the Coon I.ICSD VeIl.,..... ~ ... Tou,...... .. 

F ..... ~ ... I ...,. TrtIan ...,.Ion 
The campus' most visible athletic team to date, womrn's IIOIleyball, has it.s work OJt 

out ~r itself this week in the Coors Invitational. perhaps the most every matched 
corJ1letition of the season for UCSO. lhe No. , rated Tritons are in tougJ with this 
bunch fAir Force, USF, USIU, Oxy, Norther~Arjzona. and good 01' La Verne" but are 
coming off their biggest win of the season last Fri~ night over Occidental in Eagle 
Rode. 

iniors. Kristin Kilbourn and Molly \lhleat/ey, and senior setter lulu Sdlwartz 
continued to make strong bids for All-American status this season with big games 
against the No. 3 rated Tigers. 

Kilbourn cranked out a career high 24 skills and had B blocks in a partiOJ/arly 
awesome di~ of middle attack volleyball against Oxy. 

The early tournament t.M>rite appears [0 be the Gulls from US/U, but the UCSO 
spikers are hoping that the third time will be the charm this Satur~. US/U has twice 

defeated the Tritons this season, both in ~ matches. 

..------------....... SoCICIW------------.. 
CIa lIani w. TIle n ...... 

NCAA F_ Wlsll1Isg1olull1'oumMl_ 
~. 1 ...... a..1IIOftI Coil ... 

lhe high flying Triton kidter5 113-2-4, still giddy after a tremendous 2-0 win over 
Colorado College in RIverside two weeks back are making their first NCAA appearance 
this Saturday. Earlier ths season, UCSD beat Claremont 2-' in a bitter CMnime struggle. 
IlJt that was in September, Since then, the Stags have taken care of business rather 
nicely with art i~~ 14-3-2 record . 

UCSD has beerlled on trensc by midfielder Greg Swartz (15 goals) and on defense 11( 
!palkeeper Slp'et"I1C Alberto Gomez III shltouts) in this, a season to remember. A win 
over Claremont and another over the Wheaton-Colorado College winner next weel< 
I.WUId proprl the Trirons into the NCM. Final Four. 

For a group of mosrty underdassmen that is heady stuff indeed. 

TrIIon --= ... pI¥n _ ...... AIIIMIID ~ ...... his JoO IIIIAOUI_ NCAIW_ed Color..., 
College on 0cI0ber 2WI • uc ........ . 

This is a paid ~ISement. 



; 

16 Novcrnl,l'I }O, }983 
~PORTS i'\ 

'.~ .... ,~:""":..~<' ,,~~ . y;. ·""·'~X:{-····\:.." . .. ".-!~, ', .. , .. ' "'.,', ~~-:-

Tritons looking ahead to Nationals 

Water polo squad sinks in Los Angeles 
By ROBERT GEYER 

This last weeken9 the UCSD water 
polo team hit the road. The road is 
definitely not the place for the Tritons. 
They were outswum by a speedy USC 
leam (ranked sixth nationally) in a 10-5 
loss Saturday and blasted by a powerful 
CSULB team (ranked second nationally) 
by a 19-5 count on Sum;iay. 

In a post-weekend interview with the 
entire team, questions were directed to 
individual pIa,-ers in an anempt to make 
clear sense on an otherwise confusing 
season. UnfolTunately, expecting water 
polo players not to add a few words to 
what is being said by other players is 
like expecting vulrures to wait their tum 
at a carcass. Nevenheless, some replies 
from their sheer intensity were 
discernible. 

What happened with the USC game? 
Freshman Jerry Wisdom said, "We got 
crushed." Some of his teammates 
proVided a more in-depth explanation. 
Junior Dana Greisen replied , "The game 
didn't mean that much. They came out 
really hard and swam us under. We lost 
momentum and JUSt didn't feel like we 
were really in it: Added Ray Haywood , 
"They were incredibly imense. We 
learned why they are ranked number 
six." 

What happened in the CSULB game? 
A serious Bill Kazmierowicz responded, 
"We really played pretty well. We did 
play four good quaners with consistent 
play. They just beat us." Emphasizing 

the positive, Dick Banfield said, "They 
live on their coumeldITack, and we held 
them pretty well. that was the most 
positive aspect of the game." 

Plainly, in both games UCSD may 
have played well but was overpowered 
by the skill of their opponents. 
However, as Jon Klock added, 
"Constantly playing Division I teams 
really helps against lower Division teams 
and in raiSing our national rankings." 

This may be true , but it IS not without a 
price. 

What are you aiming for now? A 
unanimous cry of "Air Force" beDowed 
forth . Mike Bolden was the first to 
organize his thoughts and said, "Air 
Force is our closest objective, but our 
Sights are on Western Regionals. We are 
powering for Air Force, because they are 
probably gomg to be the MIdwestern 
representative of the NCAA's (Division 1 

The 4th Annual 

ecoid. / UCSD 
WOMEN'S 

VOLLEYBALL 
INVITATIONAL 

FEATURING: 
USF • Air Force. USIU • Occidental 
• La Verne • No. Arizona • UCSD 

mIrON'S FRIDAY 
SCHEDULE: 

vs. 
vs. 
vs, 

No. Arizona 
USF 
Oxy 

FRIDAY-SATURDAY 
NOV. 11-12 

All D.y/Both Days 
UCSD Triton Pavilion 

CHAMPIONSHIP GAME SATURDAY •••• 7:30 p.m. 

championships). If we beat them again 
and they go (because of their less 
competitive area) what does that say 
about us?" Greisen added. "Beating them 
will help our rankings more than any 
other team left on our schedule. We can 
beat them. They are really physical, but 
we beat them earlier this season. If we 
beat them again we should be 
plummeted (he 5lrtssed this word) up to 
12th place in the rankings." This would 

<C ••• We are looking forward 
to playing teams of our own 

caliber ... " Before he could 
finish, several voices 

protested, "~o, no, below 
our caliber. " 

be twO spots higher than last year, 
Capping this off, Kazmierowicz 
mentioned Ihat, "We need fans to psych 
us up." The others added, "Girls, yeah 
lots of 'em." 

What are your feelings on the 
Western Regional-; to be held here at 
the new pool on November 1S-20? A 
positive Dick Banfield said, "We'D be in 
the finals against either UC Davis or 
Claremont Men's ." There was much 

general agreement on this. 
Kazmierowicz continued, "We are 
looking forward to playing teams of our 
own caliber...." Before he could finish 
several voices protested, "No, no. below 
our caliber: Mike Boldel1, the first to 
calm down, said , "We plan to win this, 
but the competition IS still going to be 
exceptional, so we are aD going to have 
to be on top of our game to win it .. The 
whole season doesn't matter; this is it." 

Finally, how are you preparing for II? 
The most coherent reply came from 
Banfield, "A lot more plays are being 
emphasized by Denny (the Triton 
coach], Since we are in good condition 
it is more of a mental psych-up than 
anything el-;e." 

What can be made ot this mess? 
First, there is an imponant game agamst 
Air Force next Thursday at 3:30 pm at 
the Canyon View Center, Second, they 
hope to see many fans and anticipate 
an exciting rematch. Third, they play 
their last non-tournament home game 
against Loyola Marymount at 3:30 pm 
on Friday. Finally, most imponant on 
their minds, is the end of the season 
with the Western Regional-; finale. They 
are clearly seeking revenge for IllS( year's 
embarrassing loss in the final-; to UC 
Davis and to be crowned as the top 
Division 0 and UI team in the nation. It 
is an honor they feel they deserve, but 
they must earn it first. 

Music Department Highlights 
Winter Quarter 1984 

Music 5 
The Nature of Mwic Throulh Participation presents music 
through active participation in the music-making process from the 
point of view of the composer, performer, conductor, producer, and 
critic, Professor Silber, MWF 10:00-10:50 (4 units). 
Music 6 
Musical Malterworb: Popular American Mwic includes music 
in the colonies, popular music of the wars, religiOUS music, blues. 
jan, rock'n'roIL Professors Lytle and Balzano. TIh 10:00-11:20(4 
units). 

Mwic 11 
Folk and Popular Mexican and Chicano MUlic gives you the 
opporrunity to share in a live musical experience and gain a general 
knowledge of Chicano and Mexican music. Visiting Professor Julio 
Estrada. Th 6:00-9:00 pm (2 or 4 units). 

, 

Music 95 
Ensemble Performance invites singers and instrumentalists to 
audition, Groups include concert, symphonic or gospel choirj 
chamber or symphonic orchestraj collegium musicumj wind or jazz 
ensembles, Call 452-3279 to arrange an audition appointment. 
Performance Faculty. (2 units). 
Music 123 
The Orcheltra and it. Literature will study the instruments of 
the orchestra - their resources, effects, use by major composersj will 
discuss methods of writing for modern instruments and will analyze 
representative scores, Professor Nee, Tfh 2:30-3:50 (4 units). 
Music 127A 
Music of Black Americana will investigate the vocal music of Black 
American Culture, primarily the development of the Spiritual and 
the Blues traditions. Professor Cheatham. TIh 2:20-3:50 (4 units). 

Call or comc by thc Music DcpartmL'TIt (room I/O ManactJillc Q'TIrer, 
4.52°3230) fur /urrhL>f informatiun, 

Sockers start season in 
search of third 'straight title 
By ANDREW KEELER 

Two years ago the San Diego Sockers 
were champions of the North American 
Soccer League. Last season they took on 
the more powerful Major Indoor Soccer 
League and reigned victorious. This year 
they are back in the NASL and , as the 
saying goes, "bener than ever." 

While the perennial from-running 
: hargers have plummeted to the 
basement, the unheralded Sockers 
continued their winning ways this 
weekend, They captured the 
International Indoor Invitational 
Tournament crown Saturday (see box) 
and are set to open the 1983-84 NASL 
season tomorrow night in Chicago 
against the Sting. 

skies are not cloudy all day. 
Moreover, how they win is as 

impressive as the victories themselves. 
The Sockers have mastered the game of 
"playing the carom" and "using the waU" 
under the direction of Ron Newman , the 
winningest coach in professional soccer 
in America. 

Always flamboyant, Newman has 
publicly criticized players , opponents 
and even the fans, but his favorite target 
is the local media. He blames them for 
the poor coverage and attention given to 
his squad. His complaints are not 
unwarranted . The most successful 
professional sports team in town gets 

the least publicity. It has been an uphill 
fight to tum people's attention away 
from Amenca's favorite pastime to a 
spon that features players whose names 
and faces are as foreign as the countries 
they come from. 

One player everyone recognizes is 
Julie Veee. Critics say he is arrogant and 
pompous, fans think he is the greatest 
thing since the KGB Chicken, AU , 
however, agree that he is one of the 
finest indoor players in the world , If nOl 
the king, He is a magician with the 
soccer baD. Last year he found the net 
57 times, and assisted on 53 others and 
was selected as the MVP of the playoffs , 

-

Indoor soccer, to those unfamiliar 
with it, is a combination of soccer, 
hockey and basketball that fearures the 
pace of a pinball machine. It is played 
on an anificial turf-covered hockey rink 
with six men to a side, Soccer purists 
see it as a bastardized version of their 
beloved game; to the new breed of fan it 
is an eXCIting, high speed and high 
scoring affair. No more of those 
painfully drawn out 1-0 contests: under-
the-roof scores usuaDy reach the double 
figure mark. 

Another jewel in the crown 

Unlike the Chargers. the Sockers are 
not all offense and zero defense. Again 
this year they will feature the kamikaze 
goalkeeping of Alan Mayer. Mayer set an 
MISL record With back 10 back shutouts 
of the Baltimore Blast in last season 's 
championship series and was named . 
the league's MVP. The netminder 
.notched 30 wins last season and made 
enough spectacular saves to fill an hour-
long highlight film . 

Also retuming will be team captaift 
Kaz Deyna, the oldest player on the 
team at age 36 and a standout 

Most San Diego spons teams can't win the big games. The Sackers can't lose 
them, While warming up for the upcoming NASL season, the Sockers added 
another championship trophy to their impressive collection . Ron Newman's 
troops beat BK Hacken of Sweden Saturday night at the Sports Arena to win the 
first International Indoor Invitational Toumament. The hosts did nOt defeat theIr 
guests, they dominated them . Thursday night San Diego dumped Newcastle 
United of Au51raUa 11-3 (a little revenge against those blokes who stole the 
America's Cup,) Two days later they laid claim to the tide of "world's best indoor 
soccer leam" by blowing out the Swedes 9-3 before 7,897 panisan fans. The 
peerless Julie Veee continued where he left offlast season and taDied five goals and 
three assists, and receiving the tournament MVP award. Goalie Alan Mayer was 
named top defender. For winning the event the Sockers received $25 ,000. The 
runner-up team took $17,000 back to Sweden . The Golden Bay Eanhquakes, who 
were upset by Sweden 4-2 in the opening round, rebounded to knock off Australia 
8-1 in the consolation round . 

mid fielder. Gert Wieczorkowski , who 
did not miss a game last year, and Vidal 
Femandez will fill the midfield. Up 

II kills fans to waoch their team lose, 
but it is even worse if they, God forbid, 
lose at home. One reason San Diego 
was able to average 8,081 fans per game 
last season was their ability to win on 
their home carpet. Including last 
weekend's tournament, the Sockers have 
run their winning streak at the Sports 
A"na to 21 consecutive games. 
AlJl.enca's Finest City is famous for fair-
weather fans and inside the arena the 

, 

. 

Interdisciplinaty Studies 

John Muir College 
Contemporaty Issues Program 

Offers a Seminar On 
The Science and Poetrv of the Sea 

(Winter Quarter, 1984) 

The course deals with humanistic and scientific views of 
the impact of oceanography, mythology, hiStory, music , 
and literature on our value concepts of the sea and its 

inhabitants. It will explore the similarities and differences 
between our aesthetic appreciation and our scientific 

understanding of the sea, 

A number of distingUished speakers from the Scripps 
Institution of Oceanography, The Institute of Marine 

Resources, and from the upper campus will be 
participating in the course . 

S E :\ 

All Majors Welcome! 

Scheduling Information: 
Contemporary Issues 2, SEM B 

The -c icnce and Poetry of the Sea 
Course Code: 1732 

Tu Th 'f:00 - 5:20 p.m. 
H&'SS 1330 

-AK 

front the Sockers have acquired Hugo 
Perez to add scoring punch along with 
Jean Willrich and Cha Cha Namdar. 
The defense is anchored by Manin 
Donnelly and Gary Collier with help 
from the "Wolfman" Eric Geyer. 

1"1 

Friday night 's game will be broadcast live 
on Channel 51 at 6 pm from Chinlgo. The 
feared and revtred New York Cosmos wf// 
be in tow\! Wednesday nignt jor the nome 
opener . 

, 
.. 

+ 
The Professional School 

Jor HUIIIUllbilC Studies 
A Graduate School of 
Professional Psychology 

Harold Greenwald, Ph ,D., President 
Inllites inqUiries from mature professionals for a rigorous, innovative graduate program 

offering M.A. and Ph.D. degrees ill COUNSEUNG PSYCHOLOGY. Ourgraduales qu.alify 
for licensing in the State of California, born as PSYCHOLOGISTS and/or as Mamage, 
Family and Child Therapists. 

A disllnguished faculty oj experienced psychologists offer classes specificaUy deSIgned for 
working profeSSIOnals. Classes are held In the evenings and on weehends throughout 
California and spwal jornlats have been sct up to accommvdate out-of-state students. 
Recent faculty Itc/ures have included such recognized autnonlies as George Bacn, Albert 
Ellis, Nathaniel Brandon, Erv and Mrnam Polster and Zema Moreno, 

For jurther infonl1u/lon call or wnle to: The Professional School, 2425 San DiegoAve., 
San DIt~go, Ca. 921/0, (619) 296·44 72, (Learning centers located throughout California). 

Undergraduate $tudent GRANTS 
NEED CASH for a research project?? Have to buy saline 

infusion stomach tubes for your lab . , but don't 
have the funding? 

Apply for an Undergraduate Student 
SCURI). Come to the on 

member 
you locate) 

............ "t awarded for required course work,) 
ScJIe_t1ullea Workshop Days/Times 

Week 7: Tuesday, Nov. 15, 7:00 pm 
OR: Saturday, Nov. 19, 11:00 am 

(Applications are due the 2nd week of Winter Quarter!) 
Please call our office at 452·3917 or stop by during office hours. We 

are located on the second floor of the Student Center, 

-

, 



Playoffs 
WlllltlucdJlO1l1 ragc 13 
setting an example lor the rest of the 
team, an extension of the coach on the 
field. They get help off the bench from' 
Scott Strommer. 

Midfield - Greg chwanz is flanked 
by sophomores Bany Thompson and 
Phillip Kenney. The line has combined 
to score 22 goals and ten assists . They 
have three more years together, which 
should only allow their game to 
Improve. 

forwards - An Lopez, teve Davis 
and Warren Hollinger complete this 
staning lineup. They have 11 goals 
between them along wilh ten assists. 
Eight of the assists belong to Davis. a 

AND BEFORE 
I KNEW IT, THEY 

DONE ROUNDED UP 
MY WIFE AND I(I)S 
00 SHOVED 'EM 
INTO nfE DARN 
SPACESHIP. 

GnUhr rhe dCJlIl lfivf defcllslI'f focror. 

GUESS 
lHAT CONFIRMS 
lHERE'SNO 

INTELUeEm LIFE 
ClJT1HERE. 

Gomez. rhe stabihZillgforce berween rhe 
posts. 

team high. His play at wing will be 
important to the team's playoff success. 
Barry Thompson said they need a big 
game lrom the swili Davis. "If he's on, if 
he's making magic out there, it makes 
our offense about 300% beuer." 

Although the Triton soccer team is a 
newcomer to post-season play, they 
have a calm , maner-of-fact attitude that 
belles the team's lack of championship 
playoff experience. 

"If we can play our game and not let 
the refs or the crowd bother us if we 
think we gel a bad call , Ihen we should 
come out on top," said Schwanz. Barry 
Thompson added thaI the key Saturday 
will be relaxation. "I think we aU feel we . 
have the talent. It's just a question of 
whether or not we can relax and play 
our game, working together as a unit. If 
we do they can't SlOp us." 

Introductory Special 
. wi'" ,,,. l1li .IIIy 

12 Haircuts 
... ..,.,. for students 

with uleclMl hair.lyl"ts 
regularly $22 (women), $19 (men) 

Nails 
Sculptured Nails. rrg. $40. _ $25 
Fill •. ng $20 • ... '" $15 
Mo" icu res. ng. $7. " • ., $5 
Ped iell res, ng. $16. "OW $13 
julie/le Wrap. reg. $14. _II' $12 

8956 Vi',. IA Jo'" Dr. 
S" ill! 1 '22 

IA JoIItJ, c.. 92037 
Ollrr .x/lir .. 11/ 16/ 83 

ICIIOU IIOWII 
, lSAI • VAT 1 NMB • GAE PSYCH 
, GMAl 10 TOEfl 2 VIlE I' CAE BIO 
IGRE 11 55.T J ECtMG II ACHIEVEMEN 1S 
• MeAT 12 P5AT • FLEX 12 NURSING BOS 
5DAI 13 , AI 5 NOB Il CAl 
• MAl ,. A"I I NPB I ,. SPUO Rf AOING 
7 PCAI '5 M~KP 7 NCB I " ESt REVIEW 
, OCAI , CGf NS "INTRO TO 

lAW SCHOOl 

San Diego Center 
2180 Gamet Ave .. Suite 20 
Paclftc Beach 92109 
(619) 27N110 
ML McNulty. Administrator 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Get ycu act together l'IOII tor the at bond con_ 
an Noll. 18. $50 fIist pille. SIgn up In ~II. Oecn 011'. 
01 AIMIIe ~ DeanI 011'. Now Itvu NaY. 11 . 
Spo!iIOIed by R.P.B. (11/10) 

~ ~ act ot amat .... c:ornedv night - Nov. 
18 at the PUb. SIgn up bv NaY. 11 at the LEO 0III0e. 
(11/10) 

/ICJICENfC INIERNSHP PRClGRAM - pIooeIl. II In 
dIIect client conIoct/COI./I-..tIng. IndudeIIImInar 
and tacutv odIIIIor. One r:t our belt ~ 
AWf hl.lI.dlot ..... tor wln*QUaI1wr. (11/10) 
Fena In SoIIdarIIy with the pecpe of NIcaIaguo. M 
-*'0 of cuItUNI and dance. 7:30 pm Sol NaY 12 
Che CoM. UCSO. LNe nuIc by Cochan:oI S3 
donatton. Spo!lIOied by SaIuodOIoo SOIIdartty 
Coh.,~ttee. (11/10) 

lie one of thefew. the PIOUd. one of the UC studenII 
oai"G to DIIneyIond Noll. 19. 9 am-9 pm Hunv. 

~ IUPPIV of tickets an IClIe tor $15 at "'''', 
FIowlIt 0IIIce. (Thia IndudeI buI tlOh'POItutlaJl) 
(11/10) 
tc.rtnItIIuM Meeting - Moo 11/141 pm,5thftoor 
cod rm APM New mernbellmOItWBlcomal(I1/10) 
AttIInIton RIMIIIe College stOOentsI Come to on 

~ ibn IOItwe meeting that wilt help '100 with WINTER 
REGlSTRAllON and wtI ,......, Revel,,', general 
~u.m..I'" REWJ.£ REGIS1RA11ON 
IN:) SESSION will be held Fftdav.NoII. 
11 tIom 9-10 am at HI. 1A02.Mondav. Nov. Wrom1-
2pmot HlII48and TUMdav. NoII. 1511om9-10InHL 
1206. (11/14) _ 

PERSONALS 
John. You can·t cotch butgIaB with you hands In 
vour pants (11/10) 
!IlIA of 88J3H: WIshIng '100 a very happv 19th 
birthday tamooONtil We low '1001 (11/10). 
DaII8 Toytor - Con __ shara ycu electron. as In 
ChemlcoI palr-bondlng? LYB (11/10) 
GlRLSI TICE Fratemlty epsilon class present, 

~ IdaIeI NI\IIew ot campus cU:> med Ftt Noll. 
11 Two PlOfIJIliOi'lCll shows 8pm and 11pm, Ftee 
b;;'.'llIOQ8I tickets 55 sold ot pIozo ... So keep Ftt. NaY. 
11 open. It's a night \'OU W()('\·t ....::Jntta mIu. (11/10) 

Save BIG BUCKS 
on eating out, sporting events, 

and entertainment!! 
• The perfect Chnstmas girt 
• . 2 ror I tickets to just about everything 

Spans 
Padres (6 dales). '>occei'> (-I lilkelS). F(~.ball. 
8JsebJIl. Fllness C< noers. 13 GoU Cou .... s. 
Rol<:quelbail (5 10<Jllons). k~ M"'""g. RoIIrr'tk.ling. 
Bowhng (I) 1')(""0115). SkIIng. 51" 1.<>5,,", Hyong. 
5.1011"8. lIor .. bJ<k Rldong. and Inulh mort 

Uti", Ou. 
O·.'er 250 ulllcrcnl pbces I() Cill l)Ul.n III prllc from 
the lOp of the 11Ilt' fine restaUrJnb III dllzrns 01' well 
known ( .. SI Inod SI"Wt 

Entrnainmtnl 
-I" Mil",,' TilkClS. pili , Old (,Iohe ".nogho 01"'''1. 
"rmphl'ny. 8.llIt'l . p.IH' Th\.\un: 'x'J \VtlrIJ. fu' 
C lp..ldc-s. tlw Cm,:u" ll'l' I t-k'.un·s (\) 4.."\'rnh) . • \nJ 
lIlul. h Inl'n.' 

• U e your book JUSt rWlCe and It'S pdld 
for Itse ll 

• Only $22.50 lor Iotcr.t1ly hundrcds or 
dollar.; of VJlu~ 

• Olfered on a 30 day-no nsk-moncy 
b.Kk guarantee 

• ShJre lIekcts wl(h fnends. 
• Send check or money order for $12.5lJ 

to· 

Bar 8 Co. 
P.O 80. 11647-Dpc. 42 
San Ditgo. Ca. 9210) 

• Allow 2 weeks for Ikliwi)'. ~t it now 
for th~ holidays. 

Hey Do you like the dark? We do. - Join us ot the UA 
mig. on Men 11/14 1 pm, 5th ftoa coni. rm N'M. 
(11/10) 

Adult Party Cokes. as nice a "lCO(" as you want; 'IOOr 
Idea a mine. Please cotl Mortl. 223-5758. (11/10) 
HoppvYear lInnilleBatyl..TIno a Mike. Mov'lOO IlCMI 
monv more yean 01 happiness together! LOII8 Ate 
rnommv. (11/10) 
Typing )obi wonted. Fast MIVice. good rate. Con 
pIdc up a delilier. Please cotl Marti. 223-5758. 
( 11/10) 

LOST 8c FOUND 
laIt ... Whltegold antique watCh great sentimental 
IIOIue huge ~ pI4Qe. CoIl 45Q.3265 lourIe. 
(11/10) 

Colculota found. ColI and ldenllfy model and 
place wtavlolt. Todd 755-4679. (11/15) 
laIt. Gold SeIoo woman', watch In bathroom 
behind police station. RlWARO. 459-2259. (11/14) 
loll: Skateboard an Tanev PInel lid. (iOU1h r:t ReI4Me 
paklng 101) an 11/3 ~ $10. ~ 272-6279. 
(II/I') 
Bible Fcund: ldenllfy model ta ctalm .. COfI Todd 756-
4679. (11/14) 

Fo..Ind: a dent In the back door r:t my beige Rabbit 
on 10/29 ot a partv on PadIIc In Solano BeaCh. CoIl 
leilani at 454-2057. you IlCMI anv Inb (11/14) 

FOR SALE 
1973 DATSUN pldcup. New iheIL buckels. stereo. 
Michelin radials. Runs. )(Int. $1400. 481-6184. (11/10) 
Mens clothing ROlph ~ PoIoCoMn KleIn others 
slightly wam beIoNt ., 'I'OU buy O*API suits coots 
ihlm ponti IoIIIuIWI WOOls cotton, lib. CoIl lor 
prIceI and appointment 459-5232. (11/14) 
FlyIng .JunIOf SoIIxIat . ...... hOIIeo • 011 eeor. Fast 
boot. $1350. Peter. 488-2528 a 45Q.5719. (11/10) 
Moving must ... 0eIk 535. coIIee table SIS. 
bookiheII S20. lui bed $60. bean bag chair 5 10. bike 
peugot 575. blkeS45. rtg wIndIuIIar-most.bOom. soli 
$50. Contact PhHIppe 452-2572 day. (11/10) 
1969VW Camper Van One 0Nf'(8I EngIne repIooed. 
has mare power now than reN. 1IrokeI clutCh 
reoentty CMIIhOuIed. New battery 4 steel oadIoI, 
oItnOI1 ~. Many eocfIaI: cue battery tile chains 4 
iP8Q1cer1115wc: ~ red IOCkfN 8Id1nau1iher 
etc. Highly I8IIabIe and8CCli IOmIcaI 52150 45}-2732 
a 756-9264. (11/10) 
1978 Ford fairmont. 2door haIdIap - 4 ipeed. 
amlfm radio - lew mileage 2CXXlS negotiable -
CoIl V-- 569-6282 _inga. 

WI SQbk 1971 tor 1oIe: GIaot IIanIpOr1 - beaCh. 

dIIMrt"~. $1325. PwI. 488-2528 a 45Q.5719. 
(11/10) 

. VW BUS - v.v ~ - gocxI nnlIng Q)I dIIoo I 
w/reb.JlIt engine - needI pant. SI«Xl-~. 
(12/1) 
1973 CopIt ~ pcint - met. blue . • !Pd. Irrmoc .. 
magi. am/lm/or-.. IIJnI great - $1700 o/b 756-
1401 Lila. (11/10) 
~ aa. GuItar. Clean. law mI_rutly equipped. 
5275. Peter. 488-2528 a 45Q.5719. (11/10) 
Moving must sell 1970 Olevy Now. New I:lroIceI a 
mu1llef. S600 call Phl~ 452-2572 day. (11/14) 
Troller hnch tot VW. Custom mode - all INIIIded 
construction. S60. Peter 48&-2528 a 45Q.5719. 
(11/10) 

WIndsu1er: Racke199 1983 TrtfIn. with to!strapl and 
u~. Uted "- monIt1I. CoIl JacIc 452-0479. 
(11/1') 

WANTED 

CRUISE SHIP J08SI $14-$28.(0). Con1beon. HawaII. 
Wa1d. CoIl tor GuIde. D*for. NewaIeIteI. 1-910. 722-
1111. (11/10) 
Wanted: Ex-Genelicl TA tot tuIaItng 810 131 good 
monev paid. CoIl 569-7567 ~ after 8. (1 f/10) oeot=r ...anted tot serious waking band 
- iOtn8 COII8fI - femole poeI. lila 483-
3877. 11/10) 
Wonted: DomeIItc to clean houte. cook meals. 
laundry and light ftlppIng IhIee "",*a WI8IIk In old 
Del Mar 0/80. Must haII9 cor and lelereo ICes are 
required. Coli Phil 456-1717 .472. (11/10) 
Male Models wonted. PNIf8r coIIeglate/So CoIlU/3 
types but conslder aI. POrt/full-time poaIbIItles. 
EloceIIent ...agee. AbIoIuIeIy no '-nO( commissions 
Charged. No abllga1Ian. no experieI JC8 ~. 
Send iCJIT1jJIe photot/bockgroond Info tot IIee 
InteMew: IntelPhota. Bole 2893. La Jolla. CA 92038. 
(11/21) 

SERVICES 
Need a typist? Reasonable. ~. Accurate. Coli 
KathIe 570.1277 anytime. GuaIonIeed Service. 
(12/1) 
UNNAMED HAIR REMOVED f'£RMANENTl Y near 
CQ'I'1lUS. La Jolla PIcMssk:onoI Center. 8950 VIlla La 
Jolla Dr. SuIte 116Q.C CoIl tot oppt 453-7040. (6/7) 
Typing/computerized ward processing. Tefm 
papers. reports. resumes. Fast. reasonable rates. 481 -
02068. (11/10) 
TYPING - TenTI paper$. manuscript$. ttaa IBM 
Car. SeIec. Reasonable rates. Jane 0IdI. 456-0127. 
(11/10) 

HOME'WITHOUT ' 

\ 

A HITCH 
...... JOUr hoIIcIIIr .. 100II .. you ... 

foot on Amtrak'. Sen Dlelen. No worry 
ONI' .... minute ........... "llnlllUto. or 
friend. whose plen. ehenle lit lite le.t 
mI .... . 

R .......... 18n DIe .... II .... ..., WIlY &0 
trnII home. You don't need .............. OM 
of OW' .... u.na dilly deperturu II JIIIt rllM for 
yourtntwl ....... - Los An ..... , Sen Dlelo, OM 
of the HYen .tolll In betw .. n (Ineludlnl Ju.t· 
opened Aubelm), or the first pMt In JOur AmtnIk 
trip home to Northern CeUfomle or the Cent,.1 
Vllier. 

You can do u much - or ullttle - .. you pi ... 
eb08rd Amtnlk'. treln.: .treteh out end wetch the 
KIIIIIY, ,.... e lood book, ...... , or have e undwlch 
end drink In .... InICk bIr. 

When you I'NCII journer'. end, you," be ......... HI 
bMt. 

For Sen DIe .... InformeIIon 8nd fInI, .... your cempua 
trnII ..... or 0111 AmtnIk toII·free, l·IOO·USA-RAI.. 

._ ....... ..-

Irnprc/IIe gradell WrIte/type term papers. lhesls. Flo 
Samuels 45Q.1868. Ten yr. exp. (11/10) 
Exceptionot typing - 011 kinds. Super IBM II. 
Conectlons. spelling. nearby. Fast 181V1ce. 45Q.1138. 
(12/1) 
Term papers - ,,- . dlssertotlons. Low rates. fast 
seMce. f>ro.Type. 454-6860. La Jolla. (6/7) 
FasI. experienced typist Student & pta papers. 
~Ion/ediling. Near campus 450-0732 _ . 
Helen. (12/1) 
TYPING - Faculty/ Students. Quality wak. 
Reasonable rates. Tapes also. Sandy. 459-5818. 
(12/1) 
Professional wad processing. typing. editing. 
-'ling 18IVIceI. raports theses. IT1OI8 440-8977 
Nancy. (11/10) 

Fast occulOle. high quality. same day seMce tor 
l.nder 15 pagel wotk. Near UCSO. CoIl FeIy ot 181. 
452-1393. (11/14) 
Typing services lor student/laculty. theses. 

~ book, - 10 yrs eocp. CoIf RobIn. 571-
6982. (1/12) 
T\IPina. ... Term I'apen. ReporII. Mile. Conected. 95C pg.1IM SelectrIc. CoIl Bee 753-7356. PIeoIe 30\lIl ad. 
(fl/21) 
00 'I'OU need manev tot IChooI? We can Iocat. 
IChoknhIp. '-IIowIhIp. grant .. loan sourt:eI that 
'100 quotlfy tot through our computer -.ch. For 
tnOIe k 110m JOIIon oonfact: Intemotlonal ScholarshIp 
SeMces. 1809 Lama St .• Santa 1Iorbaa. CA 93103 Ph. 
(805)569-0589. (12/1) 
PREGNNm Choole oIternatives to abortion. Son 
Otego f>ro.UI& League HotlIne: 583-5433. 941-1515. 
(11/14) 
TRAFFIC CLASSES. Court ApprOll8d. Saturdays. 
Sundays. and ~ngI held at ~ Towne 
Center. Mission Volley and La fvteIa. Registration 

~1767. (11/14) 

HOUSING 

Female roamrnc:at. wonted to ihore rm. In Del Ma 
condo. PooL joc:uzzI.laundIy. walk 10 staas. close to 
beach ten mInuIeI to UCSO. S200 mo utils. InC. CoIl 
MIndy at 481-5330. (11/14) 

TRAVEL 

fINIMMOTH MOUNTAIN SIO TRIP. Jon. 1-6. Sl65. Son 
~. MelCIco. Dec 9-11 . 5105. Get Away-TouIl275-
3OJOlc370. (12/1) 
CNERSEAS J08S - SAJrnrrer/yea round. Europe. S. 
Arrw .. Australia. AsIa. AlIIIeIds. $500-$1200 monthly. 
Slght.elng. Ftee Into. WrIte UC. Bole 52-CA19. 
caona Del Mar. CA 92625. (1/12) 





-. 

. ___ :-===S 

The Magazine 
01 the '805 

EdItor 
A/'IDR~ KULtR 

AModate Arts fAUtor 
.JOHn n[[ 

WrIters 
PlIK[ AHn , JA" BR[S-
IALI[R. CHRISTOPHU CAftOIL 
.JOAn roRSRRG. ROM HU.PlS. 
HUnt (Gardening), PAUL PI. 
JOn[5, CLYD[n[ nu 

• 011.", " .. ~~ l }400 
\d~ertisin~ "" I HhII 

Itl,'us. 15 published every 
Thundly of tile school year IS a 
supplement to the UCSD GIUI'dUn . 
Reproduction or use without written 
pcnnlMlon 0( any portion of this 
magazine Is a no-no. We WclcorM 
unsolicited letters, manuscripts. 
and artwork. but aMume no 
respoll5ibllity for the return 0( such. 
Send Information to, 

ItIATUS 
11-016, La Jolla 

Ca. 92093 

And that ·s the ract, Jackl 

Contents 
Cover: With punk music 
making a comeback In England 
The Insolents are at the crest of a 
wave of a hardcore revival. They 
recently played a gig on campus 
where Hiatus reporter COrky 
Stevens got an in-depth view of 
The Insolents. See story on page 
5. 

UCSD 'I1IeAlter ••. - . . . . .• pagel 
Our Town and The Good Person 

Of Su:chawn are opening soon on 
campus and will be running through 
November at the Mandell Weiss 
Center and the Warren Theater 
respectively. 

Dead Zone ............ page 4 
Although it is billed as Stephen 

King's De!d Zone this film starring 
Christopher Walken and Maude 
Adams does not do justice to the 
original novel. 

Concert Une page 6 
Assorted Vinyl Report page 6 

Goings On page 7 

Cover photo by Rich F«dO 

November 18 
at the 
PUB 

m.c.: TONY STONE 
· Here Is your ''G chance to Perform your act. 
· Leave application at University Events office 

to set performance time. 
· Deadline: Nov. 11 

-------------------------------Amateur Comedy Application 
name: ______ _ 

phone: __ ----

2 nfatus November 10, 1983 

Bob's Book Reoort 

The UCSD Bookstore: 
Brokers or bandits? 

By ROB[RT (Lori[ 
Paul Mares. general manager of the OCSD Bookstore. Is a careful 

professional who got Into t~ campus bookstore business by working 
In one while he was a college student He Is an amiable. blue-bJazered 
man with a sense of humor and a collection of5tor1es that go back to 
when the Bookstore was In the lobby of Urey Hall. 

One of the myths of thls campus Is that the Bookstore rakes In the 
cash while the students languish In Intolerable lines. ~owever. !t 
simply Is not so. Course books provtcle only ".7'" of the 600kstore s 
total sales, which. while almost half. Is not near the Jegendary amount 
of cash rumored to be shoveled Into the vaullseach clay (although last 
year's total sales did reach very close to the $5 million mark). 

'ibis 44.7" mark Is a rar cry from the days w~n t~ Bookstore. 
fulfilling only the barest essentials of service, had 90lIl of Its revenue 
from course books. In r.ct. medical/technical and general books 
together amount to about 23 .. of the Bookstore's total sales, with 
supplies and the SunshIne Store accounting for the residue. 

But the student book-buyer wtll say. "What kinds of pront do t~ 
.... tum to ... 4 

German with English subtitles 
plus: Selected Shorts 

November 11, Friday, 8 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium, $2.00 

____ UCSD Central Box Office, 452 .. 4559 ----

, 

Drama's dynamic duo 
'Our Town' and 'Q.ood Person' open this week 

By JOM fORSB[IG 
Newspapers and television 

bombard us dally with pictures 
of our modem world tom by 
unrest and uncertainty. As 
cynIcIsm soars with the 
looming threat of International 
amnlct.lndlvldualsand nations 
search (or a hope of survival for 
humankind. Pausing In our 
frantic pace, we reftect that 
slnee the dawn of t~ humans 
have faced and conquered 
adversities through their 
courage, wbdom and love. 

Two poignant plays alftrmlng 
the sorrows and joys of 11ft are 
currently being presented by 
the UCSD Department of Drama. 
'lborton Wilder's OUr Town and 
Bertolt Brecht's The Qood 
I'erson of SzechWIII. 

••• 
ffaturing an undergraduate 

and graduate student cut. UCSD 
Professor Alan Schneider's 
production of the Pulitzer PrIze-
wI~lng drama a..r Town opens 
tonight at OCSO's Mandell Weiss 

~Iter for the Performing Arts. 
In his stcry of the young 

lovers, f.mlly Webb and Oeorge 
Gibbs, of Grover's Corners. New 
Hampshire, Wilder weaves a 
colorful tapestry of the eternal 
elements of human existence: 
dally life. love and marriage and 
death. The portrait of life In this 
quaint New t:ngland town 
becomes a vision of humanity In 

all societies at all times. 
When director Schndder's 

1973 production of OUr Town at 
the Arena stage In Washington. 
DC toured the Soviet Union, 
Schneider found that "Soviet 
aucliences, young and old. who 
had neva- even heard of Our 
Town before, sat even more 
silently and cried more openly 
and told us It was just like 
CIIekhov." 

Wlkler's simple message Is to 
eqJoy and treasure each 
moment 0( our precious lives to 
the fullest, bebe our day has 
ended. 11I1s philosophy Is • 
reltYIIIt today when ft are 
faced with International crises 
as It was when OUr Town was 
first performed and applauded 
In 1938. 

OUr Town continues through 
rtovember 20. 

• • • 

Ralph JIIan~lm's translation 
of Gmnan playwright 8ertolt 
IIm:ht·s parable play. 11re Goed 
Penon of Szechwan. opens In 
the Warren Theatre on 
Wednesday. rtovember 16. 

Directed by graduate student 
MIchael Greif. 7Ptt Good Person 
of Szechwan exposes the 
Inhuman exploitation of 
Individuals by the powerful and 
corrupt Institutions of business 
and government. Brecht 
examines the paradox of an 

Individual's desire to be good 
and an Individual's need to be 
evil to survive In an Immoral 
society. 

In the mythical Chinese town 
of Szechwan. the prostitute 
Shen Teh appears as the only 
truly generous and good person 
among parasItk. self-centered 
Individuals oppressed by 
poverty, !P'eeci and suspicion. To 
protect herself and her unborn 
child. Shen Teh Is forced to 
Impersonate her Imaginary 
cousin Shul Ta. who ruthlessly 
exploits his tobacco factory 
workers. 

While acknowledglrrg the 
existence of evil. Brecht boldly 
urges society to stimulate and 
preserve the good In humans. 

"The Good Person focuses on 
the way In which we all live. the 
choices that we are all forced to 
make and the conditions that 
force us to make those choices." 
explains director Greif. "It Is 
about accepting responsibility 
for our own lives and t~ lives of 
our children and preparing a 
world fur them that Is habitable 

I for humans." 
The (lood Person of 

Szechw.n plays through 
I'tovember 20. 

Tickets for both productions 
are available at the uro 80x 
OffIce and all Tlcketron outlets. 
for further information. call 
462-4574. 

The Good PeI'5Oll of SlechW8lJ. ' (MJoue) tJlf!C~d by /lficluld aM/. 
ope'" ~M night and feab.lres the talents of (I to r) /lfilei Kim. 
Cotey IWuen ald I'fariMlge" nno. Thornton Wilder's 'Our Tow," opens 
tonight with (I to r) Thom&5 Cilynn. ~'* Itolflund and DimlY 1Jeny. 

Jean-Luc Ponty fiddles 
his way to Mandeville 

Jean- Luc Ponty has taken the 
violin and carved a nlc~ Injau 
that Is wholly his own. As an 
instrument the violin Is more 
well suited to jau than such 
standards as guitars. horns and 
keyboards, owing to the fact 
that It can be applied to jau 
techniques more naturally. 

Ponty has not only succeeded 
In bringing the violin Into a 
totally dlft'erent realm of music 
he has created a new sound and 
outlook In fusion jazz. 'lbe very 
fact that Ponty has been able to 
take the violin away from Its 

traditional sound and achieve 
success Injau demonstrates his 
virtuosity not only as a 
performer but also as a 
composer. 

Ponty has composed and 
arranged all t~ music for his 
solo albums. On Individual 
Choice. his latest endeavor, ~ 
also plays keyboards and 
programmed all the rhythms on 
a percussion synthesizer. 

Jfan-Luc Ponty will play 
Saturday In Mandeville 
Auditorium. for more 
Information call ~339. 

,.. __ ..... ___ u.s.'"-"" • . --------...-----------------:::.~~:::==~~ -...----, 

Imported M ........ SgMs head ad aden" the nst. 
IIAI! fOR JIOOSIIUD. WI!N YOU DlINI DO1M' DIIY!. . 

november 10; 1983 II.... 3 



Bookstore bandits? 
(ontJaued hom pIIge :z 
bandits make off of course 
books?" "ot all that much. The 
Bookstore pays nearty as much 
for course books as we do. A 
copy of Shenk's book costs the 
bookstore $.n.95, as opposed 
to the $l5.50 that the same 
book costs the pleblans. Out of 
the $3.55 difference In the 
prices the Bookstore must pay 
freight. handling, any taxes and 
salaries. 

currently pending), the 
Hookstore must take a loss on 
bestseller sales to remain 
competitive. 

However, the BookStore Is 
not standing stili for this, With 
the new bestseller re-purchase 
plan, one can sell one's recently 
purchased and undamaged 
bestsellers back to the 
Bookstore for half of what one 
bought the books for originally. 
This experimental plan Is 
perfect for the voracious yet 
almost poverty stricken lot that 
student readers usually are. 

Christopher walken gets madIJ to take care of some business in Ute new film 'The DeMI Zone. " 

What Is left after the 
Bookstore pays for all these 
expenses Is then plowed back 
Into the Bookstore's operation. 
This provision, part of the 
Bookstore's charter, Is designed 
to make the Bookstore expand 
with UCSD without the State 
paying for the expansion. this 
also allows the Bookstore to 
expand Into such ventures as 
computers and calculators as 
soon as they make the decision, 
so they can do a lot of 
marketing experimentation. 

One of the books that one 
might buy and return under this 
plan (Inquire at the Bookstore 
for detaiLs) Is JIIonimbo, the 
latest product of Robert Moss 
and Arnaud de Borchgrawoe 
($15.95 list), which ft.abfts 
pedestrian yet adequate writing, 
80IIIe detail paid to the crafting 
of minor characters (the fat. 
nostalgic, wargamlng CIA man 
15 a cll_) and a gripping plot 
dem. Moss and Borchgra\'e 
hawoe taken J. f.dgar Hoo\'er's 
monster nightmare of skilled 
saboteurs causing havoc In a 

~ American city and added 
planned civil uprisings guided 
by a foreign country (CUba. for 
example), ~eryone Is Impotent 
In this book ellCept for the 
journalist-main character, the 
bad guys, the rioters, the 
crooks, refugees and religious 
leaders. I did not need this book. 
I'm scared enough of terrorism 
already. I didn't need the · 
vulnerablUty of a western 
clvtJlatIon to be rubballn this 
ruthlessly. 

King's novel better off 'Dead' 
By CLYDt:"f "ff 

One of the most unpardon-
able sins a filmmaker can 
commit is to take a perfectly 
good novel and butcher It until 
it only remotely resembles the 
original story, Unfortunately, 
one of the most recent victims 
to this crime is Stephen King's 
novel The Dead Zone. 

Though the fllm's advertise-
ments have billed the f1Im as 
King's the Dead Zone, it is 
actually the product of director 
David Cronenberg, screenwriter 
Jeffrey 803m and producer 
Debra Hill. 

"The book Is not structured 
for fllm: it rambles," explained 
screenwriter Jeffrey 803m. "We 
took three divergent stories and 
made them one by telling nearly 

4 "I.tu5 November 10, 1981 

everything from the point of 
view of the main chaJllcter."11Jt 
only problem was that many of 
the viewers did not understand 
what was going on much of the 
time. Those who had read the 
book had an easier time with 
what was going on the screen. 

One of the few things about 
the film that was interesting was 
the performance put in by 
Christopher Walken, who plays 
the film's hero, Johnny Smith. 

The movie revolves around a 
young man who is In a car 
accident that puts him In a 
coma for five years. When he 
awakens he has the remarkable 
power of foreseeing the future of 
a person by the mere touch of 
his hand. One thing that the 
movie does not Introduce 

clearly Is that Jobnny Smith has 
had these psychic experiences 
since he was a child and had 
experienced a head Iqjury. 

Technically, the film Is 
perfect. although they could 
have cut It down by about 15 
minutes. The main problem with 
the film Is that it is the product 
of David Cronenberg and not 
stephen King. As the director he 
has interpreted many parts of 
the book to fit his own style and 
has reananged many parts of 
the story to fit his own tastes. 
The scissor suicide of the castle 
Rock Killer is a prime example 
of [ronenberg's obsession with 
surreal horror, which we ha\'e 
seen hl many of his past films, 
Rabid, Videodromeand now The 
Dead lone. 

Another eumple Is the 
medical/technical book section 
and the general book section, 
which have largely been 
successful because of the size 
and the convenience of the 
selection. The Bookstore, 
according to Mares. has the 
largest selection of medical 
books south of LA. 

The problem with success Is 
that people start aiming at your 
markets, according to Mares. He 
points to Crown Books In U 
Jolla Village Square as an 
example of this. Since Crown. It 
Is charged, Illegally gets books 
for less than ordinary 
booksellers (lawsuits are 

Stop by the Bookstore and 
say hello to the "baDdlts:· 

THEATRES IN SAN DIEGO AREA 

STARTS 12:30, 2:20, 4:20, 
TOMORROW! 6:20,8:15,10:05 

J!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! UCSD Univenity Events Office preeent. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I 

UCSD Chamber Music Series 
j-( 

'fIJ . .. ,,~, 
• ~ "':I • • I, ').: 

' : .. "41 
-' .J~ f (\i 

.. 

THE GUARNERI 
STRING QUARTET 

Novtm~r 19, Saturday, 8:00 p.m. 
Mandtvillt Auditorium 

G.A. 512.00, UCSD Stu, 55.50 
StritS ticktts are 545.00 

liiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii .. Ticketron &. UCSD Boll Office: .fS2-4S:59iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiil 

By CORKY snm~ 
Hard-Core punk rock groups song's lyrics do not renect the 

have faded away over the past group's feelings towards 
few years. but the Insolents are homosexuality. "It (homosexua-
carrying on the tradition at IItyl doesn't bother me," says 
UCSO. Todd, the group's lyricist. "If a 

They play loud. energetic and guy wants to be gay, let him." 
exciting music - the true punk Uke most punk bands, the 

, sound. Todd Jacobsen, PJ Marto, Insolents· songs stray from the 
Kevin Kubota and David malmtream of music. Venereal 
Richards, all UCSO students. disease, homosexuality and lust 
plus UC Irvine student 6rae1 dominate their lyrics. while the 
Jacobsen make up this band, musicians play lOUd, non-
whose only goals are to make cohesive tunes. 

, 

money and have fun. ''Todd writes the words," 
Todd formed the group In explalm Marto, "and we each 

January, 1983 with some UCSD play the music we want to play." 
friends and his brother Brad. In The result Is confusing yet 
Its ten-month existence, the energetic. fun musk. 

The htsolents cleverly dbgu/~ 115 UCSD students: Would you buy a used car {rom these gulP? 

band has developed a quality of f.ach of the members has a 
sound Indistinguishable from heavy metal rock background. 
the "big name" punk rock Todd states, "We arejusl IIkeall 
groups. The Insolents have punks, except we admit we used 
proven that their members' fun- to be rockers." He further 
loving and relaxed attitudes explains that It was their 
towards life, politics and school background In "heavy metal" 
can hold their band together. music that was the foundation 
"We don't preach," as other for their new sound, called 
bands do, says guitarist Bracl. "speed rock" by the group. 
"We are here to have fun." Todd, a microbiology 

Marto, a bass player, added student, has never taken any 
that this philosophy eliminates music lessons. However, "He Isa 
Internal arguments about song talented singer with natural 
themes and messages. Their stage presence," said one 
highly controversial song "rag observer of the group's October 
6ashlng" exempllnes the 29 concert at UCSO. He Is 
group's "non-preaching" exciting to watch and 
platform. While the song's compliments the fast music 
theme elicited condemnation with his sharp, JlIpld singing 
for the Insolents by (AGO, the ' style. 

NeW Co"Tse 
Winter Quarter 1984 

Brad, ajunlor at OCI studying 
biology, Is Innuenced by Black 
Sabbath. His strong, bold guitar 
chords set the pace for the 
Insolents' sound. In addition to 
his heavy metal experience, 
Brad Jacobsen has a year of 
classical guitar background. 

. This, he admits, Is JlIrely 
employed In the group's music 
but does give him the ability to 
vary his tones. 

Marto, Innuenced by groups 
like Social Distortion and the 
Ramones, plays simple bass 
chords which provide a strong 
but net overpowering backdrop 
for the rest ofthe group. Kubota, 
the other half of the bass 
section, Is Inftuenced by his two 
years of jazz experience. 

Richards, a history and 
political science major, 
provides the pounding drum 
sound. Uke Kubota, Richards 
has jazz experience and plays 
fast paced music. 

Together the Insolents have 
21 years of musical experience. 
They have developed a mature 
punk rock sound In only ten 
months together. Their 
predominantly UCSO student 
audiences have received them 
well. 

At the Che cafe and swim 
team benefit concerts the 
Insolents delighted enthusiastic 
crowds. Out of these audiences 
emerged a group of followers 
which call themselves the 
"A6IDs," " We don't know 

exactly who they are," says 
Todd, "but we like to have them 
around:' Marto likes the ABlDs 
too but wishes "cute, young girl 
groupies would Join the 
followers. " 

In addition to their energetic 
music, the Insolents entertain 
with Ingenious stage shows. 
their costumes (leather jackets, 
heavy boots and chains) adhere 
to the punk music theme, while 
cleverly employed and unusual 
props. Including "dead baby 
jello" and Indonesian wood 
carvings, highlight the climax 
of the show. 

In accord with the punk 
norm, their music Is not 
appropriate for the average 
dancer. 

Folk and Popular 
Mexican and Chicano Music 198 3 8 4 SEA SON 

Music 11 
A course on Mexican music, all geographic regions, and Chicano 
music of the US. Both folk and popular music will be covered 
through lectures, films, and performance activity. Students may 
enroll in the lecture portion of the courSe and one of the 
performance groups, either the choral or instrumental group 
(drums, rattles, marimba, guitar, etc) for 4 units, or choose just to 
participate in one of the performance groups for 2 units. A student 
concert will be presented on campus at the end of the quarter. 
This course will enhance any previous experience you have with the 
Spanish language and culture, will give you the opportunity to share 
in a live musical experience, and will help you gain a general 
knowledge of Chicano and Mexican music. 
Meets Thursdays, 6:00 ~ 9:00 pm (Lectures 6-7, Performing Groups 
7-9), B210 Mandeville Center. Taught by Visiting Professor Julio 
Estrada. 

The Choral Group Open to anyone who likes to sing, 
no musical background necessary. 
Students will gain Spanish 
proficiency while a working 
knowledge of Spanish is not 
required. 

The In.trument~1 Group Students with experience on folk ! 
popular instruments (including 
acoustic guitar, marimba, flute, 
drums, marachas, brass, harp, 
mandolin) are needed. 

This course (4 units) may be applied to the Chicano Studies minor 
and will be counted toward the Music 95 (Ensemble Performance) 
requirment for music majors and music performance minors. Call or 
come by the Music Dt:partment (room 109 Mandeville Center, 452-
3279) for more information. 

1,1 

5 plays for the price of 4! 
Students pay as little as $17,00 -

only $3.40 a play! 

Our Town 
Love's Labour's Lost 

Venice Preserved 
The Playboy of the Western World 

Greek 
Dream Play 

Mandell Weiss Center for the Performing Arts 
and the UCSD Theatre 

Call the UCSD Department of Drama at 452~3793 or 
visit the Promotions Office, HL Room 3451 for a 

copy of your Dramatic Difference brochure! 

----Season Opens November 10 ----

lHE DRAMATIC 
DIFFERENCE 

November 10, 1983 "1Mu 5 



A 'Pandoras 
Box' of music 
this weekend 

The topic of an all-glrI band 
always raises controversy. The 
very fact that a bunch of clean. 
fun-loving girls would have the 
balls (sony) to start a band In 
this mans world is Impressive. 
but for them to be good just 
about makes headline news. 1be 
record industry seerns to love 
the endless amount of Go-Gos, 
Bananaramas and flirts, but the 
short lived popularity that they 
enjoy is due to the fact that they 
are Just plain cute Instead of 
ha ving a marketable talent. 

To every rule, however, there 
is an exception. lA's rudons 
are the loophole in the laws 
governing all girl bands. They 
have a knowledge of music and 
are quite able to play good 
sixties-Innuenced rock without 
having to resort to the fact that 
they are femmes-fatales. Quite 
simply, they are a good band 
that happens to be comprised of 
women. 

The Pandoras will perform 
Saturday in the Rec Gym with 

YOU 

Assorted Vinyl Report 
Top fiye Sales 
1. Colour by Numbers CUlture Cub CBS 
2. Infidels Bob Dylan Columbia 
3. The Crossing BIg eou.try Plercury 
4. Snap TIle..... Polydor 
5. North 0{ a Mitaele rUck He,.a... Arlsta 
Up and Comen 
17Ie Golden Section Joha rou Import 
16 Tambourines 11Iree O'Clock I'ronUer 
The Power and the CilOI1I .JhuIy CIff CBS 
Stripped of the Bridge CIIaIeIeus Import 
Smell 0{ ferule er..ps ~Igma 

11Ie Odds, 11Ie AIIswen ud 
"aile 29], the latter three 
being all-male, which Isa totally 
different matter. The show Is at 
8 pm. Tickets are available at 
the Box Oft1ce. 

Everyone was really big on 
Rill when San Diego got Its 
first taste of the Rock of the 
flghties. ror pop aficionados 
who remember the most 
notable fact about ReM's 
existence Is that they hall from 
the same small town as the 
much loved 8-52's - Athens. 
Ga. They will play Saturday at 

SOSU's llackdoor. Por more 
Information call 2~947. 

Old blue e)a himself. I'nIIk 
51...... will be at the Sports 
Arena Tuesday singing his hits 
of yesteryear. Possibly his 
greatest works ftre "D0wn-
town .. and "My Way," both made 
Immortal by the 8-52'5 and the 
late Sidney Viscous of the Sex 
Pistols. respectively. The show 
is at 8 pm. .ror further 
Information call 224-4176. 

Jon. til.. Ric...... aad 
IIIodem Loren will play at the 
8ackdoor Tuesday. 

•• 

Your blckground 
e II. 

easily 
Looking 10 the future. And helping 10 shap 
Be a part of prOlects that go far beyond 
defined technology. Live in a world where 
disciplines are static. few problems are si 
and few dreams Impossible ... a world w 
you can make a diHerence. 

few 
mple 
here 

AeronaUTIcal! Aerospace Engineers 
Computer SCienTIsts/Computer Engineers 
Electncal/Electronlc Engineers 
MathematiCians 
Mechanical Engineers 
PhYSICists (solid state and OPTlC~ 

TRW 
TRW offers a Wide range of 
challenging opportunities in the 
fields listed; pro jects that ra-nge 
from theoretical studies to small. 
medium, and large hardware 
contracts for space, digital 
communications. software 

developmen~ systems engineering 
and microelectroniCs. 

Where you cln stlrt 
AnTI Submanne/Surveiliance Systems Engineering 
AVioniCS 
Command and Control Systems 
Communications Satellites/Ground Stations Systems 
Communications/Signal Processing Systems 
Data Handling/Processing Software Systems 
High Energy lasers 
Manufacturing 
MicroelectrOniCS 

. 

• 
I. 

Sympbony off~rs a 
taste of 'Russian' 

By JAIIIr.s MLPII PArr 
lAst wed( San Dkgo's lovers point of breaking a string on the 

of symphony gathered at the Stelnway (causing some dismay 
CIvic Theater. many of them In UCSD circles. the Instrument 
Intent on throwing out the nrst having been donated by tile wl~ 
cough of the season. having of one of our faculty, Reverend 
prepared something In double Waddy), but the excitement WI5 
ngum! decibels for the first to little avail. 1be piece Itself Is 
quiet moment. TIle cokl season simply a oYel'UXd as that plano 
had not started In earnest. but string. a1tbouah where one 
then It seaned neither had the snapped the other failed to. 1be 
Symphony 1eUOII. Rachmaninov "Symphonic 

The Symphony played Dances" dances were much 
Rimsky-Korsakov's "Russian more satisfying, not belng 
r..ater restlval Overture" with overused and giving an 
skill characterlstk of their last opportunity for some emotto.l 
couple of )UI'S, but It Is a piece expression both. a combination 
with splendor rather than the nrst two. pieces lacked. 
.... on, and there It ralls short This weekend (Thursday 
of what one expects In uerious through Sunday) there will be 
Instead of pops seI!IOIl. The two two mVx' Improvements. Tbe 
tasks of a mlBlclan or group of program will not be drawn all 
musk:1ans are to Impress the from one country, especially not 
mind with technical skill and Ru.ssIa. The music will be by 
the emotJons with the passion Berlioz (the overture from ''The 
put Into a plea. this overture Corsair"), Debussy ("Danse 
was only a medium for the n.... Sacree et Dense Profane"), 

The planbt, Sergei f.delmann, Varae (''Deserts'') and Dvorak 
carried his enthUsiasm to the ("Cello Concerto"). 

COUNCIL TRAVEL 
BUDGET AIlFARES 

San FrancIIco $39ow/$181t 
Houston $115ow/$23OIt 
New York $179ow/$339rt 
London $339ow/$624rt 
Dusseldorf $34Oow/$589rt 
Copenhagen $36Oow/$595rt 
Stockholm $4 1 Oow/$656rt 
Hong Kong $435ow/$699rt 
Hong Kong $365ow/$6851t 
.Auckland $53Oow/$106Ort 
Sydney $605ow/$121Ort 
Taipei $355ow/$6551t 
Tokyo $465ow/$639Jt 
Bangkok $459ow/$869rt 

Contact 
CIEE/Coundl Travel 
Second Floor, Student Center 

452-Q630 

• • • 
• • • 

• • • • • l. • •• • 
• 

• • • 
• • I. 
• • 

• 
TRW offers full support for your 
continuing education plus a work 
environment that is exceptionally 
attractive to self- motivated people. 

MiSSile Systems Engmeering let· • • I. I. 

Graduate 
Clinical 
Psycholog~ 

TRW will b. on-Clmpu, 
November 16 and November 17 
See your placement office for sign 
up information and plan to stan 
shaping your tomorrow. 

Equa' Opportunity Employer M/F/:. 
U.S. Citizenship Required 

6 NbJtu.s November 10, 1983 

Optical CommUnicatIOns SyStems 
PropulSion Systems 
SCientific/Manned Spacecraft 
Sensor Systems/Scientific E.periments 
Telemetry, Tracking and Control Systems 

I- • • !. ~ 
• I- -• • • • I. • 
• • • • 

TRW EI.etr •• iel t D.f .... 

The Way of /tow, a madcap 
revue created by George Coates. 
will be presented Wednesday at 
8 pm in Mandeville Auditorium. 

The Way of /tow, a visual 
opera in one section, integrates 
elements of theater. music 
movement and lighting with 
sculptural forms. The piece 
features operatic tenors John 
Duykers and Rlnde eckert. 
movement artist Leonard Pitt 
and Its composer Paul Dresher. 
Part one of a trilogy, premiered 

In 1981, ~ Will of "ow won 
the company Its second Bay 
Area CrItics Circle Award for 
new Directions In Theater. 

for more Information call 
452-3229. 

••• 

Becky Cohen, a photographer 
who Is currently a visiting 
professor In the Department of 
Visual Arts at UCSD. will present 
a slide lecture on her work at 
9:30 am Wednesday .. 

The slide presentation will be 
shown In room 2250 of the 
Applied Physics and Mathe-
matics Building on the John 
Muir College campus. 

The Photographers Gallery In 
London recently held a ten-year 
retrospective of Cohen's work. 
She will begin a series of ten 
exhibitions In both the United 
States and abroad In April 1984. 
for more Information call 452-
3120. 

••• 

University events' friday 

rllm SerIes will continue this 
friday with Da.s /loot a German 
HIm about the lives of sailors 
serving on U-boatsdurtng World 
War II. Da.s Boot will be shown 
once at 8 pm. Admission Is only 
$2. 

. .. , 

Pianist James Bonn will perform 

uc-SAN-Dl£GO 
-lNTERNATlONAL 
fILM'----SERlfS 

I . 9 . 8 . 3 

All ill .... sh""'" in oriNi ... 1 "'_ with E~ioh subtitles. 

November IS, TueMiay, 7:30 pm 
Mandeville Auditorium 

G.A. $5.00, Stu. &. Sr. $3.00 

Sunday In the 8osendorfer 
Series In Mandeville at 3 pm. 
The performance will Include 
pieces by Bach. Beethoven. 
Prokofleff. and Chopin. General 
admission Is $5. for students $1. 

• • • 
Chris Burden. the artist who 

once sat motionless for two 

" 

'--_____ UCSD Box Office: 4f.52 .... 559 _____ ...J 

days In a director's chair while 
visitors contemplated him from 
cushions. and on another 
occasion was cruclned, with 
nails driven through his palms. 
on the back of a Volkswagen. 
will discuss his current work 
and artistic intentions in an 
Informal lecture at the La Jolla 

Museum of Contemporary Art 
Tuesday. 

Admission to the Talks Is $,}; 
for students. seniors and 
members. $2. The Museum is 
located at 700 Prospect Street 
at the intersection of Silverado 
Street. for more information 
call 454-3541. program 
information 454-0267. 

• • • 
Chloe in the Afternoon, a 

1972 french drama directed by 
eric Rohmer. screens 
Wednesday at 7:30 at the La 
Jolla Museum of Contemporary 
Art. 

The last In director Rohmen's 
series of MoraI Tales, Chloe in 
the A/tJ!moon Is shown in -
french with fngIlsh subtitles. 
Other tUrns by Rohmer include 
Pauline at the IJeach and The 
Auiator's Wife. On Wednesday. 
"ovember 23. the Museum's 
film Series on the documentary 
genre continues with the socio-
political documentary ffigh 
School, directed by frederick 
Wiseman. General admission 
$3. for students and seniors $2. 
for information call 454-3541. 

• • • 
former Commissioner of 

Cultural Affairs for the City of 
New York Henry Geldzahler is 
one of the most prestigious 
members of the Intematlonal 
art scene. 

Geldzahler will lecture next 
Thursday at 7:30 pm in Copley 
Auditorium In the San Diego 
Museum of Art. 

Prior to taking his New York 
post in 1978. Geldzahlerworked 
17 years for the Metropolltan 
Museum of Art as a curator of 
contemporary and twentieth 
century art. 

CiRa~~~~==~~ 
r'J! ~ frozen 
.,;t09url Jl/foir yogurt creations 

30~ off 

1030 Torrey Pine. Rd. 
at Henchel 

La JoBa 



DD~ 
A Revelle College Publication - University of California, San Diego 

VOLUME 10 NUMBER 3 FALL QUARTER 
To Revel 

It has been a 
Revdlation staff. 
which fund .''''.''"' ..... '' ..... , 
has not been .. tt ..... ,·I\, .. 
Revelle College n .. ,,,,,h·tr"·r 
campus residents has 
placed in each PO 
faced great dirncclIln .. 
newsletter to t'tIe 
almost 213 of the 
Thus. an undesirable 
created - Revellations has ht'mmt' 
residents' newsletter. 
considered in finding an 
c urrent Revdlations publicat'lJ""''''''' 

ACADEMIC 
ADVISORY 

ADVISEMENT WEEK: November 7 - II is 
advisement week. The W inter '83 Sehedule o( 
cia es should be available at the Bookstore 
during the early part of this week. Be sure to buy 
one and begin to plan your Winter schedule. 
Counselors will be available (or drop-in advising 
in the Provost's Office. Orientation leaders will 
also be available to help new Frosh with 
scheduling. 
ENROLLMENT WEEK: November 14-18is 
thl." week in which you submit your Preferred 
Enrollment Form to the RegIstrar's to enroll in 
Winter quarter classes. Seniors enroll on 
Monday, Nov. 14; juniors enroll on Tuesday, 
Nov. IS; Sophomores enroll on Wednesday, 
Nov. 16; and Freshmen enroll on Thursday, 
Nov. 17. Make sure you have all the Special 
stamps or signatures before turning in your 
enrollment (orm. In addition, make sure that you 
have a FACULTY ADVISOR'S signature at the 
bottom of the form if you fit into any of the 
following: 1.) all levels - AMES, EECS, Drama, 
History and Linguistics majors; 2.) all juniors 
and seniors in all majors except Political Seienc!.". 
Advising hours are from 8:30 to 12:00 and from 
1:00 to 4:00 p.m. No appointments will be made 
during Advisement Week and Enrollment 
Week; Drop-in basis only. 
ATIENTION!! Come to an informative 
meeting that will help you with Winter 
Registration and will review Revelle's general ' 
education requirements. Revelle Rep.tration 
and Requirement Session will be held Friday, 
November 11 from 9:00 to 10:00 a.m. in HL 
1402, Monday, November 14 from 1:00 to 2:00 
p.m. in HL 1 HB and Tuesday, November IS 
from 9 :00 to 10:00 a.m. in HL 1205. 
FORMS AND CLASS CONFIRMATION: 
On Monday, December 5 of final exam week, 
both your Registration Form and Class 
Confirmation for Winter Quarter will be 
available at the Registrar's Office. Be certain to 
check your Class ConfIrmation carefully for any 
errors , and make any necessary changes within 
the add / drop period. Remember that you only 
have the first two weeks to change your grading 
option!!! 
DATES TO REMEMBER: 
November 28-Monday, Final day to drop 
classes without penalty of "F". 
December 5-Monday, Free day. Class 
confi rmations available at fl'gistrar 's office. 
December 6-10 - Final Exams 
INCOMPLETE GRADES: (POLICY) The 
grade " I" may be assigned to a student's work 
when the work is of non-failing quality, but is 

incomplet~ for sood cause (illness for example). 
An "I" grade may bl! replaced upon completion 
of the work required by a datI! agrl!ed upon with 
the insrru~-ror, but no later than the last day of 
the finals w~"ek in the follOWing quarter . If not 
replaced by thIS date, the "I" grade will lapse into 
a permanent "F" grade. Thc "I" grade shall be 
disregarded in dl!termining a student's grade-
point average. 

You MUST request and receive instructor 
approval on the "Request to Receive Grade 
Incomplete Form" PRIOR TO THE FINAL 
EXAMINATION PERIOD in any quarter 
you expect to receive the grade incomplete. You 
must file the " I" Grade Request or phone the 
profes or before the final exam. 

DISNEYLAND TRIP 
Do you wimt to fillk to Ma<kcy M"u d Or 

perhaps, expencn.:e Spnle Mountain? Wdl, 
' AB IS ponsonnl( a tnp to the Int.lmou 

Dlsncylnnd on Novlmher 19th. 
The bu WIll I~lve UC D at 9 .101 lrom thc 
rev Hall parkinl( lot :md fl·turn .It 9 pm. Thc 

cost IS $15 lor tran portanon .anJ l·nn.me antu 
thc park . There arc limlteJ SpiIU'S on the hus. So, 
hurry! Don 't 011 your ~hance! Buy your tllket 
at the Rcvdle ProVOSt Offile! 

8 "latus November 10, 1983 

tI\()_,ht we have decided that a 
ations page in the 

effective J1leans of 
and events which 

We are hoping 
of all students read 
able to reach a much 
Revelle students, 

hope you like this 
your comments. 

Sincerely, 
Katy Haberkern 
Revellations Editor 
x2519 

ROKTOBERFEST 
October 29 - what a nilhtl Hundreda of people in every 

kind of C08tulne imaatnable invaded the .mall pa.. 
~ Adanril and Be.sle, talkina. danclna, panylnc 
the nlaht away. One could see any type of C08tumej 
playboy bunnies, Olippendales dancers, the .. bad .... 
bush", punk rocken, .umn, monlterl, even Garfield the 
cat! Two bmda played great dancina tunes - BluSun, a 
UCSD bmd, and The Point, an LA group. The buh 
rocked until 1:00am, when residential complaints cauaed 
the party to break up. A good time was had by all, and 
1983 Roktoberfest can be considered a smashing success. 
(Credit pa to Mary "June Cleaver" McReynolds, who 
produced Roktoberfest.) 

~--Around the Plaza 
Facultv 

Programming 
Board 

November 11 - Theatre Night: 
Our Town by Thornton Wilder; 
Reception to follow. Purchase 
tickets at Revelle Provost's Office. 
November 12 Screw Your 
Roommate Dance, Revelle 
Cafeteria. Free. 9pm to lam. 
November 18 - Street Dancers 
Exhibition, noon on Revelle Plaza. 

CAB ". ". 
The Revelle Commuter Advisory Board is 

only four years young. Smce its birth, it has acted 
as a programming board, directed specifically at 
Revelle commuters. However, CAB events have 
never drawn lar~ crowds. It would sem that 
commuters do not want or really need additIonal 
car raWe • baseball gams, or beach parties. For 
thIS r~son,CAB is redesigning its focus. 

CAB can be a vital and important group to the 
co mmuter populatiuon, if put to the proper 
issues. To this end, CAB will be changed into a 
commuter information and advocacy group. 
We, the board, feel this will better serve the 
Revelle commuter population . 

November 18 - Air Band Contest 
in the Cafe. 50 dollars first prize -
sign up in the Revelle Provost's 
Office. 
November 19 CAB's!!! 
Disneyland trip - .. 7 spaces. $15 
includes transportation. Sign up in 
the Community Center. 
end 

Redesigned 
This year, we will work to ~t information ~t 

to the whol&! Revelk community in a clear and 
unified manner. In addition. we want gen<!ral 
feedback from Rev<!lIe commuters; their 
concerns about and wishes for CAB, Revelle, 
UCSD and commuter life. 

Despite our physical aeparation from UCSD, 
we, commuters, can make our on-campus time 
much more active and enjoyable. CAB will meet 
every Monday and 2 pm in the R&!velle Provost 
Office. We invite any interested commuters to 
come to these meeting to listen, comment. and 
get involved. Mer all, tM majority of Revdlc 
students are commuters. 

An Interview with Jane MacDonald, 
Assistant Resident 
Dean 
By DAVID D. ARMER 

After talkinl( to Revelle's new Assistant 
Rl'sident Dean, one gets a feelin!:ofkindncss and 
carinI(, and an mterest m people, which should 
take her a lon~ way in this job. 

Canadian born, jane MacDonald cam .. to the 
Unlt~.J States at the a!:e of thirteen . As an 
underl(raduate at UCSB, she became J Rl!siJent 
Advisor (RA). Throu~h this she discovered that 
he had a bi~ mterl'St in people. Soon Sodolo!:y 

became her 1Jl;1jor, alon~ with French. Hl!r 
Intcrest in pt.'Oplc "rew rapidly . After graduation 
jane was chosen as Head ResiJent Dcan of 
UCSB. After this she wl!nt to Ofl1!On State 
University for I(raduate studIes in Colk",e 
StuJent ServIces AJmlnistration . Some time 
latcr. she how~od up in MIssissippi with the mil' 
of Associate Dean of Student Affairs . he 
enjoyed her job, but for some reason it lac hod 
somcthln!:. After a lonl( search, shc finally founJ 
U D. 

jane pn:fers UCSD tor mnny reasons. First, 
hc enjoys the wcather (not han!: more nl"ed be 

Silld). Second, she prefers the colll",e wn.:ept: 
the wiJe ran!:e of facilities of thc unIversity 
comblncd With the l'ozier lind more workahle 
Unit of the lullel(e. Last, she I(oes tl)r the relaxed 
Southern Califl)rnia rl<:ople. Thc atmosphere in 
I:enl'ral IS more rdaxl·d and sociablc than that 01 
MIS Issippi. Here we call her "janc", which shc 
lih·s a lot hc:tter than " o..·an MacDonald." 

jam' keeps her df rather busy . he heads Why 
Nil! Hl'T" with Studcnt oorJinators Steve Kent 
.111..1 P.lil(e Mencle anJ also superVISl'S the I(ilme 
mom. She' alsu wnrks very closely WIth the RA '5. 
Shc helpcd trmn them ill1d now meet weekly 
WIth them to .11 lUSS the usu.11 RA busmess. Yet 
hl'r mall) 100:US IS on stu .lent problems. Those of 
you who unnl\.es~,trlly "hu.e fIre ~·xnn~u .. hers, 
throw furnatur" ull bilkonles, or hocnerally cause 
l'Xl':~~lve prohlem Will he Illcetmjl j ,ane to 
dlkU the reason !:x·hlll.! the actions. On the' 
lld1l'r h,anJ, jane also meet WIth stuJ,·nt. who 
1,.IVl· d1l'lr ,)",n pruhll·m • . ' he p.lrtll:ul.1fly "njoys 
thl f.lcet nt PUSltlve lllUn;elan.: anJ ,·nc"ur.l~e 
tuJcnt tn lllme III anJ t.llk . 

Phllfll ,., J,,",,~ H. M,[bltCIJ 
Ahhoul(h very happy with her job anJ how it 

IS l(Oinl(, shc Jocs have ICOIIII tor Revdle. First on 
the list is an incre,_ in r~"ldcnt prOl(fJmminll 
(tyinl( rl'Sldentiallife with ocademlcs). A pr~'kflt 
"xample is Beaglc Hall, the Lanl(Uall~ House. 
Every reSIdent there has B work in!: knowledlleof 
a foreil(n lanMUage. To expand on the rl'SiJent 
prOj!ramminl( media, she would soon like to see 
tutors VISIt'"!: dorms on nights before Important 
eX.lm • . Nl!xt, jano: wants to uP\lrade the furniture 
In the mud huts (althouKh her budget may not 
accommodate it). She wants .11 of Revdlo: to be 
well turnishcJ. 

jian" lakcs !ll't) pie. From thcm sh.: says she can 
learn and expand her horizons. No matter how 
f.lr :tlon.: sh..· m.IY be an her j,)h. she poants out 
th.lt thae I always mom to Ic.lrn :and I(row, !:x)th 
10r herselt ,anJ hl'r l h.1rlll'S . 

Have you ever found yourself sittin!! in lecture 
and wonderin!! if Professor X could possibly 
know about any thin!! but momentum and the 
averlllle life span of tho: American fruit fly1 Or 
perhaps you have been trying to come up with 
some clever schemc to ~ Ie know your favorite 
prof a little better? Well, If you answered "yes" 
to dther of these timelCli question -- or even If 
you didn't -- the Revdl<! Faculty Student 
Programming Board (FSPB) sponsors events that 
will help you to bridge the seemingly immense 
gap between lecturer and lecturec. 

"Ah," you may ask, "how do you intend to 
attack such an obstacle?" The FSPB has 
traditionally programmed a number of eveRts, . 
Including Brown Bag Lunches and Faculty 
Firesides, that promote interaction ~n 
faculty and stud<!nts in a more relaxed, out-of-
the-c!assroom environment. The Brown Beg 
Lunches aro: hdd. of course, at lunchtime i~ one 
of the student lounges around R&!velle campus. 
T ~n to twenty Slu.i<!nra join a professor for lunch 
anJ open discussion of any topic that comes to 
the fore; often discussed topics In cluck class 
comments, personal philosophies, backgrounds 
and goall. 

The Faculty Fireside Is similar in concept to 
the Brown Bag lunch <!Xcept that it is hdd in the 
even in!! at the Professor's house. Ther<! ar&! 
lc:Verai advantages to this chan~ of locale: a) you 
get to see your professor in his/h<!r natural 
habitat and thus. b) he/she feels less formal and 
more at ease which in turn results in c) you fed 
less restrained by the formalities of t~ 
classroom environment. logical, isn't itt The 
atmosphere at both the Brown Bags and Faculty 
Firesides is dcciJedly casual and stud~nts 
IC<!nerally find it an extremdy rewardinll 
experience to be able to see the "other side" of 
their professors. 

An important point to note conc<!rninlC both 
of tho:se actIvities is that ANY STUDENT CAN 
SPONSOR A BROWN BAG OR FIRSlDE!! So 
if you have a professor in mind, simply !cave a 

not~ for "Ned the Intern" in my box at th~ 
R<!\Ielle Provost's Office and we'll set one up.lt·s 
as simple as that, FSPB sponsors a number of 
other events JurinlC the year as well, such as 
Casino NiKht and Th~tre Nillht. UpcominlC 
events to watch out for this y~r arc a "Prof of m&! 
Wa>k" series in the Revelle Cafeteria and a 
faculty-stucknt debate. 

Remember, FSPB is intended to help you, th~ 
stuJent. Our lIOai is to help to improve 
faculty / student relations here at UCSD, to make 
it &!alier for you to see your Prof's a5 r~1 people 
i nst~aJ of as one-Jimensional £iNUres at the front 
of the Iccture hall. If you would like to sponsor a 
Brown Ball or FiresiJ&!, if you would like to sillfl 
up for any FSPB ~vent, or even if you just want 
mor&! Info, stop in at the Community Cent<!r (aka 
Th&! Commuter Lou~). We'll be looking for 
you! 

Noon Programming Board 
Noon PrOl(fllmminl( BoarJ is a IIrouP of stud&!nts 
whose pUrpok is to proviJe imal(inative idcas 
for noon prOllraml. By proviJinll mid-Jay 
o:ntertainment, tho: Board hopt.'5 to hr~k up the 
rJlCOrous Jay at UCSD. Tho: Boord experiml'nts 
with mnny new typ.'S of ~'Vl'nts as ' veil as mor~ 
traditiollill types, and prOllfllms thi quarter will 
ranl(c trom tho: usual concerts (110 far, Conc&!rts 
this quarter include Chip Lynn, Fine line, anJ 
the Flilmanl( HIbachIS), pumpkin carvIn II anJ 
haunted house to the more l'r~'IItiVl' Str~"'t 
Dilncers exhIbition. Th" BO'lrd wdwlllt'!; 
~UlO(l'Stlons from anyone who can think of illlooJ 
IJ..,a for i1 noon pnll(ram. Perform.:rs re also 
cncourall"J to leave their nilm~'5 In the Revcllo: 
Provost's Offl.:.:. If you have any sUlO(esnons for 
the "Noonle " or arc Inten:st"d in p'lrticipatinl( 
as " memher 01 the Boord n,'xt qu.lrter, leavc 
your n:lnw an the Communaty Ccntl'r or <ontalt 
S"I VeilS at x2519. 




