
Would you be wiDing to spend your funds 
on a logo like this one? Your Chancellor 
recently saw fit to spen a generous amount 
on this very logo (without the 0) to 
represent the VCSD communtiy. Barring 
discussion about his taste in graphic design, 
you can leam more about Chancellor 
Richard Atkinson on page; 7. 

Also inside: 
eUCSD's own "Cantebury Tales." See page 19 
eA complete rundown on the fall arts lineup. 

See page 33. 
. eAt last - Canyon View Center fufill's UCSD's 

recreational needs. See page 47 



2 xplcmbtr 20, 19B3 
0-':,: ~, • '" '<~ , .. " ". '" ~» :::m" " . ~.~, . . ' . 

• ~ [. I;R ~ .. II fA I~ H- I ft I ., • , 

Que Corporation, an Indianapolis-
based publisher of books about 
microcomputers and their use. is 
~eking manuscripls from educators and 
researchers. The company nores that 
some of the most creative uses of 
microcomputers and their applications 
are discovered on university campuses. 
Queries, proposals or manuscripts 
should be addressed Aquisitions Editor, 
Que Corporation. 7960 Cast leway Dr., 
Indianapolis. IN 46250. 

• American and Russian children. 
parents and filmmakers talked together 
recendy during a live, simulcast satellite 
videocast between UC D and the 13th 
International Film Festival in Moscow. 
Professor Michael Cole led the 
Communication Depanment's summer 
event. which was produced by 
Department Chairman Helene Keyssar, 
The group was linked by a large-screen 
television to a studio In Moscow for a 
half hour long telecast fOCUSing on films 
for children. Cole was approached with 
the Idea by Soviet representatives while 
attending a seminar In Moscow, 

• UC D chool of Med,ci ne researchers 
have found that a hormone produ I'd in 
the body from VitamI n D ha signifi cant 
Impact on blood cells , pOSS ibly 
regulating the body's maintenance of 
bones and the Ir.lmune system This 
tudy. wrmen by Drs, D,M Provvedint , 

Stavros Manolages. and Leonard J 
Dcftos at UCSD. and Dr, CD, Tsoukils 
of Scnpps Chntc. could lead to cures for 
bone diseases such as leukemIa. a 
cancer of blood cells, Findings of the 
study have been published in the 
September 16th Issue of SCIence , 

• Dr, William B, Long. UCSD Meuical 
Center trauma surgeon. has resigned 
afler three years with UC D. to direct 
Ihe trauma program at Emanuel HospItal 
In Portland. Oregon. The move has 
slunned colleagues and the communit y. 
as Long was the key man In establIshing 
a trauma center system in the count)'. 
promot ing more stri ngent regulations In 
lhe treatment of severely if1Jurcd 
patients. 

• Garvc)' Gear premIeres as Ihe first 
product to bear the name of Pad res first 
baseman teve Garvey The celebrity. 
who has endorsed products ranging 
from lawn tools to Genrol . has com~ Out 
wllh hiS own merchandise: a line of 
chlldren 's wear inspired b), professional 
baseball untforms, The line runs In price 
from $10 to $34 and was showcased 
rcccnll}' at Robinson's In F,lshion Valley, 

Deja Vu ... 
As uc ,n enters ItS twentlcth 

academlL ye,lr. m"ny readers of the new 
83-84 U('5D (;u<lruwn may experience a 
sensation 01 h'I\~ng read a news s(Qry 
before. Could II bc history rrally repeats 
Itself. Jnd GIn we Irarn from pJSt 
cxperIences? Wh,\[ was II IIke..lI UCD 
Itvc , t.:n . hlll'cn .1Ild (\\Cnt )' )'e.lrs Jgo) 
Twenty Years Ago .. . 

Amertl ,ln '!,trlne>; dll' III nl\\' 
"I('tn.1m pllllll' .l ltlOl1 - Pn:slucllt 
K(' nnru> ,b,,"sll1,ltnl - birth Ulllfrol pl!1 
u1 ntrtW.:t'S}, PreSident )" hnslll1 Sign, 
el\'l l rtghts htll - UC~J) .ldl11 l1 S liN 
(rc.,hIllJn d,hS ,,1 200 Pr Herbt:n \',lrk 
liN UC"D lh,lIlll:lIol - .... '/II'i-lm IlI ll t" 
bl'U1l\1l" Ilr" L'l.:.D paper · LC Icc>; 
nsc to ::'220 
Fijieel1 Yea~ Ago . , , 

Astronau(s land on moon - :'\nrt h 
Korean s laplurc Pueblo - Dr M.lnlll 
Luthl.'r KIng ,lIld Roben Kcnncd) 
JS>iISSlnateU - Gll\'Cmnr RC.1g,1Il tuts 
U [) budgCI b)' 111'0 111111'0n - [Idndge 

I'"" 
""I!o. 

In response to a growing demand lOr 
well-trained fitness instructors and 
lifestyle educators. the llCSD Extension 
is offering a series of courses which will 
apply lowardS a new "Professional 
Cenificate in Fimess Instruction/ Health 
Management," The Cenificate, which 
will be awarded by the University of 
California, will require four core courses 
and 12 units of electives. Courses 
offered this fall include "Nutrition for 
Lifestyle Educators" and "The Human 
Body: How It Works." 

• 
Since mid-August freshmen minority 

students in the Educational Opponunity 
Program (EOP) have been taklllg classes 
and have been receiving instruction on 
how to acquaint themselves with college 
and mix IIlto campus social life, Housed 
in Revelle dorms. these students have 
already completed a four unit course in 
English , 

• 
EIght-hundred thousand dollars has 

been allocated for research into the 
causes and treatments of Acquired 
Immune DefiCiency yndrome (AIDS) to 
II researchers from the UC campuses at 
DaVIS , Irvine . Los Angeles. and San 
FranCISCo The Federal grant from the 
National Ins titute of Health IS pan of 
$2,9 m,ll,on recelll ly provided to UC for 
AIDS research III 1983-84. AIDS Clinical 
Research ce nters have been established 
at UCSF and UCLA.. with a University-
wide Task Force on AIDS to continue 
reviewing AIDS research projects, 

• 
Legislation which would provide $22 

million III financial assisrance to low-
income students has passed preliminary 
stages in the Califomia State Senate. 
Assembly Bill 1948, carried by 
Assemblyman Teresa Hughes (D-Los 
Angeles). proVIdes $10.2 million for 
Cahfomia Grant Programs administered 
by the Stud ent Aid Commission. $8.2 
million for Califomla State University 
sludent aid and $4 million for UC 
student aid , The bill passed the Senate 
Educiltlon Com mitee in late August and 
IS now before the Senate Finance 
Committee, 

• 
The Draft Reslslors Defensc Fund IS 

sponsonng a bcneflt at The SpIrIt 
tomorrow. Scpt. 21. at 9 pm. (Q help 
raise funds for dmf( non-reglslralll 
BenJ<lImn Sasway's COUrt appeal. MUSIC 
Will be proVided b), The Answers. The 
I"n1llt and Mitc hell Corlll sh and the 
Hel lhounds, The donation IS three 
doll,lrs. and panici pallls must be over 
21 

Cleaver visits UCSD - Simon and 
Garfunkel concen - Muir Campus 
groundbreaking - Central Library opens 
- Chancellor Galbraith anacks US-
Viemam poliCies - Tl1tllll THIll" becomes 
UCSD newspaper - George McGove rn 
runs for preSIdent 
Ten Years Ago . , . 

Waterga te hearmgs - Encrgy Cmls -
Pn:sidem Nixon resigns - Dr P,1U1 
'>.JIt111,lIl ,1I1U R,I)' Bradbury ~pc,lk out 
,lg,lIn'>t h,llIulinogens - I hml Colkgt: 
grnu nubrc.tklllg WOlllcn' Icl'llIre ,>enl'" 
begll" (h,IIKel/"1 J"IIlI~"C" 1'I!(lPi 
11111<" l,dllnr-IIl-Lhlcl - f'rcsh111,m Lias> 
nc\\ high til IOl10 
Five Years Ago , , , 

"I)\' lel Jl'( d,1\\ I1s 'x1111h Kllre.1Il ,lIritncr 
- Lllllp D,I\lU ~lludll' l:.1~l pe,lce t,llks 
Ir,\I1 t,lke, l1\'cr G,,, I.'l11b.1.,,,), -
h.IlCll1ltll's .II1U .,,,rontlI?S denlcd 
Lh,It1l'1 ,I( L' "I) Gr"l1nuhrc.lklng 101 
nl'\\ I hc,lter 

HRISTDP~IER CANDLE 

AS Forum 
By MIKE GREENBERG 

The Council was quiet over the summer, me one exception being a 
special meeting held July 16 to discuss the allocation of funds to two 
controversial organizations: KSDT Radio and the Birdcagt Revitw , , . 

Commissioner of Academic Affairs Chris Hafner moved to override the 
veto of KSDTs $12,500 allocation . Karyn King, the station's program 
director and KSDTs general manager for the previous two years, has 
stated that for the station to operate effectively in fiscal 83-84 $15,000 
"must be granted ." Hafner's motion was seconded but failed in the 
general vote seven to four . ' . 

Commissioner of Elections William Ansell (who by the way worked at 
KSDT for six months in 1981) then proposed to reduce the previous 
motion to $10,000, This motion was passed unanimously but caused a 
bitter reaction from King when contacted by phone last week. "It's time 
that the student government stop using school organizations as political 
footballs ." says King, who has dealt with the council each of the last three 
years, "They (the AS) should acknowledge that studems are trying to put 
OUt a positive radio station that affects students not only on campus but 
in the community as well ... " 

The timing could not have been worse for KSDT, since they were 
awarded a figure appreciably lower than what they received last year 
(roughly $17.000) at a momem when the station has the opportunity to 
acquire a radio band, something station managemem has been unable to 
do for the past 15 years, "Last May, the Federal Communications 
Commission (FCC) announced that it is opening up bands for closed-
band areas (San Diego has been closed for the pasr ten years). and we 
have a real opportunity this time," says King, "Now is the time for the AS 
and KSDT to work together, but that doesn't seem to be happening. The 
AS should calm down; there are a lot of brand new people and they don't 
know what they are doing , . ," 

AS President Craig lee added his perspective on the isslle. "How many 
people listen to the station? It's great for people who want to learn about 
radio and commumcations. but I just don't see the studenL~ benefiting 
from KSDT." says the 22-year-old preSident. "My impression is that the 
station is an internal group, I'm not anti-KSDT. but I would like to see 
more people coming in and out of there - it seems the same people who 
work there always work there , , ," 

Summing up her feelings on the issue, King revealed jusr how-far the _ + _ _ ~_I 
two sides are from reaching a compromise. "KSDT doesn't have enough 
money to function through the entire year (with the $10,000 allocated), 
and the AS doesn't seem to notice . We need more money not only to 
cover our business expenses but to be able to approach systemWide and 
request that an application for one of the new radio frequencies be 
prepared." As it stands now, the $10,000 awarded KSDT is final. The 
station can propose a new allocation. but the likelihood of such a 
measure receiving council majority is doubtful, .. 

Battlelines have been drawn inside the AS Council over the funding of 
the BirdLagc Review. an undergraduate ans journal published three times a 
year, On one from is Tim Pickwell. AS communications commissioner 
and former editor-in-chief of the bi-monthly newpaper The Koala, On the 
other is Lee. who stunned the council by vetoing an already proposed 
$6.000 allocation to the Birdcage last spring. During the past week. both 
panaes lOok verbal shots at one another: Pickwell called Lee 's veto "the 
worst decision he has ever made as preSident," while lee implied that 
Pickwell was a hypocrite , .. 

For the Jou~nal to survive . it will need close to StI,lJUU accoralng to 
Tom Mc Dona ld . head of the Birdcage Review. When the council approved 
th e Bird({1~c 's proposal of $6,000 in early May. it was presumed that Lee 
would pass the measure. But when the time came to do six days later, 
Lee did the unexpected, vetoing the bill and enraging Pickwell. "What 
Craig is essentially doing is massacring all the ans on campus," said the 
20-year-old from University City. "The BCR is the best organization at 
UCSD. Besides involVing a tremendous amount of students (about 100) in 
its operation. it also serves as a focal point for the undergraduate ans 
system, It's something that everyone should be proud of...· 
proud 01 .. , 

At the moment. a compromise in the imminent future does not appear 
promising between the two sides. but Lfe is confident that a solution can 
be reached . If his recent concession (a proposed $01.000 allocation) is any 
indiciltion of his willingness to see the BCR in fuU operation. the issue 
will remain unresolved , , , 

Pickwell defends a hefty award by saying that the program pays for 
ibcir in l11 .ln)' different ways, -It it weren't for the BCR, the first annual 
Undcrgradu.llc Arts Festivill held last spring would not have existed, The 
BCR wa a locat pOim for rund r,Iis ing. for organization. planning. and 
production I thInk if Cra ig reali zed that by vetoing the BeR he was by in 
turn e1ianin,lllng all of these acti\' lties hc would haw decided that it was 
\\\ )rth\\'h all' " 

By 'Iltil' III CS P'lkllclI IllC,IIl~ the dozcn pl'l}'s that were pdormed on 
.,t,lgr . the rl' ,I dlllg~. pOCll)' ,IIlU an CA hlh,t . • 1 large hanquet and dan e 
th,\[ \\'cre pw on ,l1l III the t\In-\\'l'ck IC'[I\"al But II sh,)uld bc pOllllnl our 
Ihilt Il'C dol''' "Upptlll the HCR lust nlll ')(1 .000 Wllrth "I'm not gOing to 
kIll the He I~ , Ilhlllk II I ~ a I,nc org,lnl:,\[/(lll , I 11I.,t don I think we necd III 
.,pL'nd "11 !lIUl h mOllcy lln II " 

A stilunLi, "uppo rter of thl' n,rJwgc Rn'lt:w IS Mldlaci Davl<.I",,1O . an 
English !atcr,lturl' professor lor l'lghr years and director of the Archivc lor 
:-.Jcw I'lk' tf)'. ,me of thc I.Irgesl collections of modern tnglis h poctry In the 
world " I he A~ fnL'u,> IS ,lll wrong, Unll'cr!> lIlcs. I thmk, have an ohligatlon 

1Un! to J 4 

xplember 20, 1983 3 
(/ 
~ • ~;.: ~ • ~ • . ' .. <0 •• ;.: 

Striking Out 
Against"Campus 
Crime 

This week, the UCSD Police 
Depanment Crime Prevention Unit is 
attempting to inform the campus 
community of a sharp increase in crime 
at the outset of the school year. The 
police attribute the problem to new 
residents and unfamiliar faces that 
create confusion for campus members 
and security, 

"Crimes should be reponed as soon as 
possible ." urges Officer Kollar, "because 
without information , we don't know 
where to concentrate our effons (in 
apprehending the criminal)." 

If one is involved in or wimesses a 
crIme. one should not hesitate to search 
out and find one of ten emergency 
phone boxes located throughout the 
campus, The phones. which are housed 
in a yellow box with a red dome-light 
inside. have a direct line with campus 
police and are accessible day or night. 
The campus emergency number is 452-
HELP. 

This week, the Crime Prevention Unit 
is sponsoring an "Operation 
Identification" program to enable 

students to have their personal propeny 
marked , They will be at the following 
locations: Muir and Third College 
September 21 ; Warren College 
September 22; and Revelle College 
September 23. The hoUl~ are from 9 am 
[0 I pm, 

The Crime Prevention ~nit-sponsored 
Community Service Olfictf; (CSO) 

program will soon be hiring seven more 
students 10 increase their total from the 
existing 11 to 18. CSOs are students 
employed by UCSD to serve as campus 
escons as well as to spot hazardous 

problems, CSO hours are from 5 pm to 
1:30' am, For service and more 
mformation call 452-4360. 

Last week in an interview with the 
Guardian , Crime Prevention Officer 
Kathy Kollar stated that her depanment 
is trying to prevent students from 
providing criminals an open invitation 
to steal. While she did stress that the 
campus is "relatively safe ," she did warn 
students not to be lulled into a false 
sense of security. "We don 't have the 
(crime) problems of metropolitan 
campuses such as USC and UClA. but 
we do have the potential if we are not 
careful." 

Focus on Rape 
Of all crime-related instances on 

campus, theh is the most common. II is 
not unusual to have parking permits. 
bicycles , car stereos and personal 
propeny stolen at the most inopponune 
moment. Locations which encourage 
small thefts are the campus bookstore , 
the libraries and cafeterias, where 
backpacks and other belongings may be 
left unattended. According to the police 
depanment, lhe best defense to protect 
oneself from such a crime is to carry 
valuables in close contact, letting a 
potential tllief know they are protected. 

Police depaltment brochures state that 
small burglaries can be prevented in 
dorm rooms and apanments by simply 
locking all valuables in trunks and 
securing all doors before exiling, The 
same can be said for prOlecllng oneself 
from office thefts. Employees should be 
advised to lock their desks and secure 
their personal propeny at all times, 

Once a crime is commItted, the 
police depanment urges all victims to 
report the incident immediately. 

There was outrage on this campus 
when a UCSD student was raped at 
the Mesa Apanments lasr year, It was 
the sixth rape reported to the police at 
UCSD in the past eight and a half 
years and definitely the most 
publicized . 

Subsequently the UCSD Police 
Depanment assisted in apprehending 
the rapist, and he is now serving a 20-
year jail term, Current rape 
punishment in California is state 
imprisonment for three , six. or eight 
years. However, the Mesa rapist was 
also penalized for kidnapping, 
robbery, burglary and rape, thereby 
extending his sentence, 

Eight reported anempted rapes and 
six sexual assaults have occurred on 
campus between 1975 and the 
present. In 1983 there has been one 
sexUal assault. an act which had the 
potential to result in rape. 

The following is supplemental 

mformalion from police department 
sources, Here is what to do if you are 
raped: 

• Get to a safe place and call the 
police or a friend for transportation to 
the nearest hospital. 

• Call [he Rape Crisis Center 
Hotline at 233-3088 for support and 
infonmation. 

• Don't shower. bathe, douche, 
change or destroy clothes or 
straighten up the area, If you do. you 
will destroy important evidence. 

• Reporting the incident is your 
choice. If you decide not [0 go to the 
police immediately. write down all the 
details of the assault and save them in 
case you change your mind. 

• Whether or not you report it to the 
police, it is importalll to go to the 
hospital for treatment of injuries, tests 
for VD and pregnancy. gathering of 
medico -legal evidence. and 
counseling for emotional support. 

Emergency Referral Information 
Rape Crisis Line 
233-3088 (24 hours) 
University Hospital 
Emergency Room 
Psychologi cal Services 
294-6400 (24 hours) 
University of Californ ia, San Diego 
Police Depanment 
452-HELP (24 hours) 
Psychological Counseling ServIces 
452-3755 working hours 
481-2240 after hours 

Pat Danyshyn-Adams 
Muir Resident Dean 
452-4200 workmg hours 
481 -2240' afte r hours 

UCSD Student Health Ce nter 
452-3300 business hours 

Par:ker presents 2500 chances 
father never had 

Enter the Parker TOpDf-the-
Oass Sweepstakes and you could 
win something that can give you a 
real advantage in Ufe. 

Your own Texas Instruments 
home computer, 

'While youre at it. pid< up 
something better to vvrite with, 
too. A Parker Jotter ball pen. 

Its microscopically-textured 
ball grips the paper ta help prevent 
messy blobbing and skipping. 

And it writes up ta five times 
longer than most ball pens. 

Look for sweepstakes entry 
forms and details at your college 
bookstore. But do it soon. With-
over 500 computers ta win, this is 
ane sweepstakes worth entering. 
'While you still have the chance, 

tPARKER 



.. 

4 Scr(~mbt· , 20. J 983 
PINI N 

" X·~.~·>; ::""~. ~ • ~ • ..:..(::: • • .') 'o. ~. • ~~i'. ~~'. , :-: • ":-;'~'.;. , , ;. : 

Editorial The Budget 

From Red 
To Black and Blue A new year &, a new Guardian 
M~~h to the. co~stemati~n of ~nr students, faculty and 
adm~nlSttators alike, It looks like the 83- 84 academic year is here 
despite monumental effons by many of us to ignore it's inevitability. 
And with another year you can expect the same problems with classes 
bureaucratic tangles, a passionately argumentative but ineffectual AS' 
political clashes on campus and elsewhere as well as the usual amy of 
scandals, humorous or otherwise interesting stories and all those 
things that make up college life. 

Another thing you may have expected is the return of The Guardian 
you know and ignore. 

Not a chance. 
At least we at The Guardian hope so. You've probably noticed the 

different "look" The Guardian has. A new fonnat is just the beginning 
for what has become a completely revamped paper. We also have a 
good number of new editors and staff members who are committed to 
excellence, not only in the paper's look but in content too. 
Additionally The Guardian has set higher journalistic standards for 
itself with a comeasurate increase in pay for writers - which is now 
comparatively the highest of all UC newspapers. 

As an organization we are striving to attain the best product 
possible .. This includes ev~rything from the new layout, to hiring 
better WIlters, to concentranng more on articles of specific interest to 
the UC and San Diego community at large. 

As the campus newspaper we also want to broaden the dialogue not 
only of students, faculty and administrators on campus but to also 
establish communication among the many alternative media on 
campus; and as such The Guardian supports all alternative media and 
their right to ~xis.t. We should all work together in an effort to keep the 
UC comm~Rlty mformed about what is happening on our campus. 
And more Importantly, we should all work toward showing what is 
wrong with UCSD and make a conscious efIon to streamline the 
bureaucracy we all must face in the academic community. 

But we can 't do it alone. The Guardian needs your input. Whether it 
be criticsm or a request for a cenain type of coverage, we eventually 
want to put out a paper that you want to read. 

And most of all, ~e need your support. The Guardian is making an 
honest effort to do nght by the UCSD community: after all, this isyour 
newspaper. 

. 

"Penny wise and pound foolish" is a 
phrase that has largely faded from the 
American vernacular. Threadbare little ' ''!I/lI 
plarilUdes don't cut it too weD in the 
1980's, bur many contain a ring of truth 
that resounds even today. Governor 
Deukmejian has saV/!d the state a few 
pennies with the year's University of 
California budget, but the long-term COst 
will be exacted. not simply from 
educarion per~, but from the economic 
health of California in a future 
dominated by high-technology industry. 

The problem the governor faced when 
he took office was one of priorities. 
California's deficit threatened to 
permanently disable the state. so he 
chose 10 eliminate it by making 
substantial cuts in many programs. All of 
these cutS werc painful, but in the case 
of education they may prove to be a 
painful mistake. [)eukmejian's aides 
rightfully point out that the cuts 
themselves were srnaD, but they do nOl 
mention the fact that inDation and 
rising enrollment had made large 
increases mandawry in order w keep 
Uc. Cal tate and Community College 
programs from losing ground . 

One can get a clear picture of the 
problem by looking at UCSD's budget 
and enrollment figures between 1978 
and 1982. In that time period , the 
campus' budget increased 68 percent 10 
$379 million . Simultaneously, the 
Consumer Price Index (CPI , the federal 
government's standard measure of 
inflation) rose by 59 percent. So far so 
good, but at the same time enrollment 
went up by 24 percent; the effective 
result is a Significant budgetary cut on a 
per-student basis. 

The UC system accounted for this 
shortfaU in a number of ways. the most 
popular being to delay necessary repairs 
to buildings and other facilities. a course 
of action that cannot be maintained for 
long since the repairs will have to be 
made eventuaUy. UC has also made 
some administrative economies, but 
these. are limited by the realities of an 
entrenched bureaucracy. 

The most frightening result of the 
mess lies in the faculty. where 

" 

CAN YOU BUY GOOD TASTE? 
Yes! Now you can acquire good taste for a 
couple of bucks. Just wear shirts and visors 
that say " Dos Equis." After all, those 
are foreign words. And anyone in college 
knows people who wear stuff with foreign 

words and alligators have good taste. 
So, order your kind of good taste in Dos 

Equis sportswear today. And remember to 
- eat your peanut butter and jelly sand-

wiches over the sink. 

. 

professors' salaries are woefuUy 
inadequate when 'compared to those of 
comparable universities. It takes many 
years to build up a strong academic 
staff, but that staff is beginning 10 flee , 
harming UC's reputation and promising 
to make it even more difficult to attract 

turn to 5 

The Guardian 
EdilDr 

T,m Augusc 
M8ntPw EdItor 

Ph,l Liuc:kr 
Copy Editor 
Jam~s Ralph Papp 
GmaaiMan.,. 
Chnstine MiI~ 

AaociaIe Gentftl Manlsm 
Lrnda ltw,s 

Valerie McMuUrn 
Opinion EdiuJr 
Thomas Rankin 

Associ_ Nnws Editors 
MIke Greenberg 

LIs.l Lap'" 
n."",s Editor 
Chrrs Young 
AII5 &iiI« 

Andrew Keeler 
Associ_ Ans &iilor 

John Nee 
Spons Edilor 
Jel'l 5.!\'agc 

Phoco Edil« 
RIch Pcqack 
TypnetlVS 

Joe Deslderro 
Chns OSlerw.ildcr 

The UCSD G ...... i .. " pubhshcd 
Mondl)'s and Thursdlys durong ,he 
at.ldcm,c Yl"r by SIUU<nIS .11 UCSD 
Reproduction or usc WUhOUI permiSSion ul 
.my ponion " I thIS nl'Wspaper 's Stric ti), 
prohlbllcd. Not r~slhlnsrble lor unsohclu:d 
manUSl:nplS or an 

Our olT,ce IS 1(>Cillcd S,lUthe.lSt lll'lhe 
Revelle PronlSt OITk" on the UGD 
cJmpus. The Business Ol1ke is open rrom 
Y am to n,"111 and I pm to 5 pm Monday 
thmugh Frida)'. 

Sul>scriptrons .. ,II be mailed for 515 pcr 
quarter. 

~ 
.~ 
'ii 
"C 

~ ii'i 0 
-

Q:Q:Q: 
CII 

ole:!!:!!]! ole 
a! c: l6 '- '- '-.,,_.c:.c:.c: ~ ~al~~~ 

~ 
::J ~~88~ .g 
~ ~~"'~~ 
.2 ~~..,. 
C 

-

Se ptcmbe,.20. J .983 5 

The Rankin File 
, , 

~ ~ 

George and the Shivering Wombats . ' 

Wdcomt bKk, Gco .. 
-I think rhal we Oughl 10 be vel)' .,pi 

thankful chat this man Andropov Kerns to 
be a reasonable guy and somewhat 
ralrained.-

Says who? Says George McGovern, the 
former KnalOr from South Dakota who 
suffered a humiliating defeat at the hands 
of Richard Nixon in 1972. The fact that 
McGovern carried only New Hampshire 
and the Dislrict of Columbia in that race 
has not deterred him from throwing his 
tattered hat back into the ring for the 
Democralic preSidential primal)' this 
winter. 

Bad syntax aside, McGovern's Andropov 
statement could not haw: been more 
poorly timed, coming just before Korean 
Air Unes Right 007 was shot down. 

Bum )'Our wife (or profta 

death as a warning 10 the family, which 
usualy then pays up. 

SA Til&c1ioD 
In 1962 the aw:rage SAT tesr scores were 

500 math and 1JIO verbal. Th~ figures 
plummeted 10 ..., math and 425 verbal by 
1982, and the Educational Tesring Service, 
which conducts the SATs. has run checks 
on the test that indicate that during the 
same period the questions haw: become 
easier. 

Want more? In the 195~ academic 
year about 52 percent of school spending 
went to pay teachers' salaries. By 1979-80 
that figure was below 40 percenl This can 
be attributed 10 the swoUm buruucracy 
that has been created 10 deal with the 
ongoing addition of federal regulations to 
the field of education. More bureaucrats 
plus underpaid teachers equals poorly 

educated Americans. Makes sense. So why 
are the Feds and the Congress (which 
created the mess in the first place) so 
"surprised and outraged" by it? 

SIaaIIs baadfuJ 
Switzerland, the land where even a bank 

account is almost mYSlical, currently is 
stagering under an unemployment of 0.8 
percent, a figure nearly triple the 0.3 
percent of one year ago. or course this 
must mean high inOation and their 
consumer price index (CPI) has risen a 
whopping 2.8 percent in the pasr year. 
There is after ai , something to be said for 
being a tiny, homogeneous community 
buried with much of the world's wraith in 
the hean of Europe. 

On the flip side, Italy has managed to lower 
inDation to 11.7 percent, down from 15.5, but 
Wlempioymem is up to 11.6 percent from 

10.2. Mama mia! 
Return of the Briddin . • ' 

Malcolm Bricklin is back. The man who 
launched his unsuccessful spans car in the 
early 1970's is back in business, this time 
with someone else's product. Fiat has 
pulled ow of the US market. but Bricklin 
wiD begin [0 dislribure rwo of the 
company's models. He wiD seD the 124 
Spider and the X/19 under the respective 
names 'Pininfarina" and "Bertone" through 
a revitalized dealer network. No word yet 
on how long this venture will last. 

Not in America; of course, but in India 
it is a fairly common practice. In that 
country, women's families provide a dowl)' 
upon marriage which normaDy is 
used to stan the couple's married life on 
the right fool. Some men, howew:r, simply 
douse their bride in kerosene, set her 
afire , toss the remains in the trash and go 
off in search of a new victim. Tough new 
laws haw: little impact, because most of 
these crimes occur in rural areas and are 
never reponed . 

Black and Blue Budget 

Another twist is for the husband to 
demand an annual dowry. If it is not 

delivered ~ the wife is beaten nearly to 

continued from 4 
tOp talent in the years ahead. A SI7 
million rider un this year's budget 
proposal to bring professors' salaries up 
to par ",as vetoed by the governor. 

The blame for this fISCal nightmare is 
di ITicult to pin down . California's liberal 
spending policies in recent years no 
doubt hun the state, while the focal 

point has become Deukmr,jian's efforts 
to right this wrong coupled with his 
shon-sightedness towards education's 
value to a modem economy. UC 
President David Saxon's exit, at a time 
when strong leadership was imperative 
to UCs health , cannot be overlooked 
either. 

tum 10 13 

Welcome to New anel RetarDiDI Students 

The University Bookstore has extended hours for the first 
week of classes for your convenience ... 

Saturday. September 24 _____ 9:00 am to 4:00 pm 
Monday, September 26 and .,' 

Tuesday, September 21 __ :----__ 8:00 am to 8:00 pm. 
Wednesday, Septetnba' 28 and 
Thursday, September 29 8:00 am to 6:00 pm 
Friday, September 30 ~....-.....-.,....--_____ 8:00 am to 5:00 pm 
Saturday, October 1 10:00 am to 4:00 pm 

The Course Book Department Is ready for 
FaIl Classes. We have new and used copies 

for many course . 
Make sure a refund poUcy bookmarker Is 
attached to your sales receipt. Read the 

tenns' and conditions. 

In addition to Course Books, the Bookstore carries 
a very complete selection of school supplies, 

fiction, non-fiction, art and technical books, and 
UCSD imprinted wearing apparell and novelties. 

Oar .. ,war Store Roan 
8:00 am - 4:45 pm Monday through Friday 

10:00 am - 4:00 pm · Saturday 

"Welcome Back" Booth 
<Located in front of the Sunshine Store) 

Spedal Pdca 
lSe Popcorn 

lCK Pepsi 
September 23, 24, 26, 27 & 28. 



6 Sqlrml't'r 20, 198J 

"~~ 
if;.}. 

. ,', 

>-:"~ .c :;~;~i 

IntrocluCtng 
':FunneI-Dot Protection 

COVER 

276 tiny dots tell you our New Freedpme Hf§+~~~~!!!t 
Thin maxi .pads are not.~st another thin. 
They're a whole new kirid . 
of protection. 

'We call it Funnel-Dot. 
Protection never 'felt drier! 
The Funnel-Dot Cover 
actually fUlmels moistUt'e 
away from you, down 

", 
J< 

.1." 

Chancellor Speaks 
Out on Pressing Issues 

UCSD Chancellor Richard 
Atkinson spoke candidly in an 
interview with The Guardian 
recently about the school's faculty 
and college curriculum, educational 
budget cuts, and other important 
issues. 
By JEFF SAVAGE 

Chancdlor AtRinson dirtCItd the National Scitnct 
Foundation for five years prior to becoming chanctllor. This 
gives him a sptcial ettt in allrocting new talent and deafing 
with UCSD professors who engage in research . 
Addnson: What it is aU about is the quality of the 
faculty. The faculty determines the quality of leaching 
and the quality of research. This is a research university , 
and therefore our faculty are expected to be at the 
forefront of research. One of the things that 
characterized this place when 1 came here was a truly 
outstanding faculty. We have one of the greatest 
facultics in the world . I hope that in the three years [hat 
I've been here , [he quality of that faculty has been 
maintained and possibly strengthened. Our faculty is 
very distinguished , and it's been recognized in a 
thousand differenr ways. I'm extremely proud! 

Not aU departments are research-oriented though. There 
are the humanities and the newest of the academic 
diSCiplines. communications, the demand for which has risen 
sharply in the past few years. 
Atkinson: The Communications Department is a special 
maner. It's a group that has been formed into a 
department only in the laS! two years. 1 happen to think 
that the program that is laid out in communications is 
an exceUent one anti is reaDy on a cuning edge of 
where communications departments in other 
universities wiD be going. It's a smaD faculty that has [0 
be augmented in numbers, but .1 think it's also a very 
distinguished one. 1 certainly have no apologies for the 
quality of the Communications Department. 1 do 
apologize, however, for the size of the workload of the 
department, and recognize the need to adjust it. But 
we're on a very tight budget, and those things juS! don't 
happen overnight. 

Although an economics major is offered, UCSD lacks a 
distinct business administratIOn department. As students 
become more pragmatic in their approach to college. the 
dtmand Jor business classes has increastd dramatically. 
Alkinson: We 'wiD never have a business administration 
department here. That is just nor the nature of UCSD. It 

is the nature of a Stanford , a Yale or a Harvard. 1 don't 
have any objection to other departments being formed 
at UCSD, but I don't see any on the horizon. I think the 
breadth of offerings here is very good . 1 think the fact 
that our retention rate for students is so high now is an 
indication that students really do see a range in 
oppOltunities here that permit them to do the full four 
years. All I know is that three years ago, we had the 
lowest retention rate of any campus in the UC system, 
and now we are along with Berkeley as having the 
highest. (The latest figures released have shown a 40 
percent allrition rate at UCSD.) It is complicated to 
determine this, and 1 don't want to try and explain it. 

Facts on Atkinson 
&acqround: Born 1929, Oak Park, lDinois. Professor 
of psychology, Stanford University, from 1956 to 
1975, holding faculty appointments in the 
Engineering and Mathematics Departments. Director 
of the National Science Foundation, appointed by 
Presidents Ford (1975) and Carter (!977). UCSD 
chancellor from 1980. 

Education: BA in philosophy. University of Chicago, 
PhD in philosophy, Indiana University. 

Achie~m~lIlS: Experimental psychology research in 
memory and cognition . Co-founder of Computer 
Curriculum corporation in Palo Alto , CA. Has written 
over 140 scientific articles and is co-author of seven 
books, including Introduction to Psychology with wife 
Rita and E.R Higard of Stanford. 

Honors: Election [0 National Academy of'Sciences, 
Institute of Medicine, American Academy of Arts and 
Sciences. FeDow of the Guggenheim Foundation. 
Honorary Doctor of Science degrees from eight 

- American universities. Mountain irr Antarctica 
named in his honor. 

BasicaUy, it's a measure of the likelihood of a student 
Slaying here once entered. We have enrollment 
pressures here , because we have the greatest in absolute 
numbers of applicants of any campus in the UC system. 
Given the size of Berkeley and UClA, to have the largest 
number of applicants is impressive. 1 think it's because 
this is a marvelous place, and the word is gening out. 

UCSD is operating at Jun capacity. with classes running 
from tar!y morning to late evening. The problem has not yet 
rcacMd crisis proportions. but tht administration is groping 

Jor a solution. A stricter stt oj entrance requiremtnts, which 
would slow down ihe entry oj students. is an answer that 
might be consitkred. 

....-CIF,E/COUNCIL TRAVEL~!IIIIIIII 
Welcome Backl 

Atkinson: We are at our limit now. and we have to hold 
or [rim back as far as the number of students here, but 
the University of California runs a standard set of 
entrance requirements. We do have other optiOns 
though. We are bursting at the seams, but I'm not 
anxious to somehow impose aD sorts of new 
requirements to slow down the entry of students. I'm 
hoping that the new classroom being built at Third 
College , which by [he way was funded by private money 
even though the state shold have paid for it , wiU relieve 
some of the pressure though. 

Students at UCSD have the unusual option of choosing 
the basic parqmeters of their gtntral education requirements , 
lxcause they can select from Jour distinct!y different college 
curricula. 
Atkinson: Offering a wide range of programs is 
something that is very attractive about this place. A 
S!udent can select ReveUe and have a very rigorous and 
extensive set of general education requirements. Or the 

tum to 8 

Chanct/Ior Richard Alltinson: "We haw one of the greatest 
laculties in I"" world.:' 

Pick up ci FREE 1982 
Study / Work / Travel Catalog 

.-------Our Services: ------, 
- Flights 

European Rail Passes 
Car Rental 

If you're too rich to 
think, too chic to speak, 
too real to feel, too there 
to care, none of the 
above, or all of the above, 

International Student lD. 
- Youth Hostel Cards 

Books 
Tours 
Study and Work Programs 

- Accommodations 
- Insurance L ___ _ 

(Second Floor of the Student Center) 

come in for the writers' 
meeting on September 
30th. Watch for further 
information or call 
452-3466 

ttltttltttitl 



.. 

Chancellor 
continued from 7 

student can select, and ( hope I'm not doing Warren a 
disservice, but select Warren and have a much freer set 
of general education requirements. I like the system. ( 
don't think employers look at the differences (of a 
Revt:Re graduate as opposed to a Warren graduate). But 
I do think thaI graduating from UCSD carries a 10l of 
weight in the marketplace. Just by being al UCSD, 
employers know the person is very brighl, but I think 
graduating from here carries so much weight because of 

"Given the size of Berkeley and 
UCLA, to have the largest number 
of applicants is impressive. I think 
it's because this is a marvelous 
place, and the word is getting out. " 

UCSD's stamp of excellence. 
Whil~ th~ size of UCSD's intercollegiale alhletic program 

is comparable to those of othcr Division Thru schools, 
department officials art distl'lsscd over Ihe rapulturnovcr 
among coaches, due to low salaries. Although intercoUegiate 
coaches rueivtd a dramatic incrtasc in pay /ast spring from 
a $1 ,900 per year al'trage 10 $6,500, tht a\ltrage salary still 
remains considaably low by comparison to other Division 
Thl'lt schools. 

Hiring college grads is something the 
Army has always done. And lately, we've 
been doing a lot more of it 

Atkinson: (t's a very serious problem , and if' was a 
coach, , would feel just as they do. There are problems 
involved , and we're trying to graduaRy change them. Dr. 
Watson (vice-chanceUor of undergraduate affairs) is 
working with comminees in trying to decide what 
amounts to fairness. We do recognize the problem. Just 
how quickly the solution will occur is another issue. 

San Diego suffered a dramatic sctbac~ Ihis past May wIItn 
Ihe Microelectronics and CompuLtr Technology Corporation 
(MCC), a super-compukr rtsearch institute, sekcud Austin, 
Tems, as its heculquarters over San Ditgo. It is widrly 
bflievt:d that doubts about California 's Iong-krm 
commitment to lop quality education, spurred on by 
Governor Dtu/rmejian 's 1983-84 educational budget cuts, 
figured heavily in the siLe selection commitke's decision. 
Atkinson: , think MCC made a great mistake. They 
would havt: been better off in San Diego than they will 
in Austin . 't is unfonunate that the factor inOuencing 
their decision was the questioning of California's 
commitment to education. 

The Uni\ltrsity of California, which had requt!sted a 
-modtst incrr:ase in the 1983-84 budget, inskad was dt4lt a 
70 million cut Ihis year by the governor, 20 million t! which 
will be made up by this year's fee incrtast. The long-krm 
effects on the UC system al'l of major concern. 
Atkinson: , hop~ the governor is going to learn a lot 
about education in the next few months and hopefully 
increase the priorities in his budget ior education. , 
think the governor has a real problem WIth hIS budgets. 

for the job right now, with Army Rare. 
ROTC is a college program that trains 

you to become an Army officer. By helping 
you develop your leadership and manage-
ment ability. 

There is no question in my mind that the Univt:rsity of 
California has made the difference in the whole quality 
of life, the industrial base and the economy in the State 
o( California. When I first came to California in the 
early 19505, the view was no go~rnor or other political 
person couk! tread on the Uni~rsity of Cali(ornia. The 
reason for that was that everyone recognized that the 
dectronics industty, the aircraft industry, the agricuhure 
and a dozrn other things had their origins between the 

"I hope the govenor is going to 
learn a lot about education in the 
ntxt Jew months and hopeJuUy 
increase the priorities in his budget 
for education. " 
UniYersity of CaliiJrnia, Cal Tech and Stanford and thar 
the Uniwrsity was absoIuIdy critiaI to the statr. Then, 
suddenly, about two ~mors ago, it p ~ty popular 
to tread on the UniYersity of California. C"iovemor 
Reagan seemed to e~ it, and so did Governor Brown. 
, don't think that in the 1onA-1erm illlrrests of &he State 
there is wisdom in undercWing the strength of the 

Uni~rsity of California. I dUnk ~'~ been hun badly 
this )'UI'. 

Pa,a"'l. 
• rPM 

Prss ." .... I hII¥e. bat .... 
nKro project wtth 
your name on It. 

Must be ClIII .... of 
hllldillS IIr!8 ~ 
two )'C8IS apatcncc In 
• IIrUc:b.Rd IIngUI!JC 

(5)18 .. 8 ~.I.nIIlS is 
• plus); ,.cuees that 

SlY ~ do tint dasI 
\I\IOFk on time. Send 

....... 10: 
Dr. C.Ma'dIn 
.. Well..., 

HouI'Dit" T_ 77019 

I.alola's 
........ StyIIaI 

Haircut* 58 
Layered Cut* $7.so 
Shampoo, layered Cut 

Blow-dry $9 

:7.: &»5 ~ 920 I<IIne Sl 
Weds. NocJn.5 La joIa, Ca. 
SIll. 8-3 411 5712 Q-sSuldays 

In fact , last year alone nearly 7,000 
college grads chose to begin their future as 
Army officers. 

Why? Some wanted the opportunity 
to develop valuablc IC;1dership and managc~ 
ment skills early in their career. 

Enrolling can benefit your immediate 
future, too. Through scholarships and other 
financial aid. 

Others were imprcssed with the amount 
of responsihility we give our officers starting 
out And still more liked the idea of serving 
their country around the world . 

Interested! Then you can start preparing 

So the next time you're thinking about 
job possibilities, think about the one more 
recent college graduates chose last year than 
any other. 

ARMY ROTC. 
.A'LYOUCAN •• 

For more information, call Captain ReinaIdo Smith 265.4943 
Am IAlEI 

693-1165 or 698-3736 
Ask for Joe 

First Step in Automation, 
New ID's Distributed 

New photo ideruiftcar.ion cards will 
now be required for aD UCSD students, 
faculty and staff as a measure to save 
funds otl campus systems that wiD 
~mually become a.-omated. 

ChanceBor Richard Atkinson 
comments, "It is a cost factor; we want 
to increasingly automate a lot of whar. is 
done ar the univrrsity. There is a long 
list of problems that can be aleviated if 

"_. _ we want to 

increasingly automate ... " 

patch to "provide visual certification of 
enrol1ment" will be applied to lhe back 
of the ID card upon payment of 
enrollment fees . A new rood service 
system and the library automation 
system wiD be applied to the cards next 
academic year, Long repons. 

The replacement fees for a lost or 
mutilated card wiD be ten donars, and a 
five doDar charge wiD be levied should a 
srudrnt change name or appearance. 

Graphics and Reproduction Services 
are in charge o( the project. They began 
processing students Monday and will 
continue with regular hours, 8:30 to .. , 
until Oct. 14. The entire process will 
take ten to fifteen minutes according to 
a Graphics spokeswoman. 

Credil card-type ID ·s will replace Ihe problema' Ie old paper cards; Ink Will no longer rub off 
onlo waUc, i_rts. 

things are automated. It·s not as if ~ 
don't want to keep things as human as 
possible , it's just that COSl-wise ~ 
simply can't afford iL W The per-student 
cost of S2.5O wi! come from alrrady-
slated fres, and the ID canl will last for 
the duration or the srudrnt's UCSD 
enrollment. 

Thousands in Libraty Books Missing 
Each card will contain a photo and 

name. Scudrm ID numbers wit be 
embossed on the 0UlSidc of the card 
and coded on a magnetic strip. There 
will also be a bar code for future libraty 
usc. Should srudmts wish to use the 
UCSD caRl as official idcntiftcaliotl, 
binhdates will be prilU£d at their 
opriotl. SociaI-security numbers will also 
be optional and will be codrd on the 
magneric strip. 

"If we didn't de¥dop a card that 
encompassed aD sysrems now, sruderus 
wou1d need a separatr canl for each 
automated system: rood, libraty, possibly 
parking.· confinns Uura Lottg. director 
or Business Services. 

"Our goal for this fat is to get a card 
in the hands of evel)' studcna." says 
Long. Beginning winter quanrr a smaI 

By MIKE GREENBERG 
In an unusual set of circumstances, 

Central Ubral)' personnel confiscated 
over S30.ooo worth o( missing fine arts 
books from a UCSD student's home last 
Thursday. 

The incident, the largest of its kind at 
UCSD, occurred after libraty officials 
nodad an inordinate amount of 
outsunding books. Aftrr extensi~ 

~h (everything has w be done 
manuaIy II" UCSD libraries) library penonna b'IICCd the missing' items to 
Bmy Hymal, a ~ arts graduaet 
sndmrh£re. 

Uhnuy officials Iramed that the 
missing booIIs _re at Hyman's 
residence as early as Wednesday but 
_ked a day before hiking action, 50 
thaa the IrpIity of such • search could 
be chcc:lrd with systrm-wide legal 

LITERATURE: 
DETECTIVE NOVEL 
Instructor: Ernest Larsen 

_1'1 .... " a brief look at the social and aesthetic na'_wI 
tmn'n_ of Poe and Doyle, this course will COrlCel:lt 

hard-boiled school of American 
tJalSM~U Hammett, Raymond Chandler, and 

some disrepute as a literature 
the best urban mysteries of the 
reS~nant as any contemporaneous 

to expo&e social, 

services in Berkeley. Since Hyman lives 
on Uni~rsity property (Mesa 
apanments), library officials were within 
their l~ jurisdiction to confiscate any 
materiaT they desired. 

According to Phyllis Mirlski , assistant 
uni~rsity librarian, who is currently in 
charge of the situation, Hyman came to 
the Library Thursday a(temoon stating 
that "his apartment was broken into and 
all the overdue books he had were 
stolen: Miriski atreied to contact 

H~ on friday 5£t up a meeting 
for yesterday to disc correcti~ 
actions, bUt Hyman was unavailable aU 
day. 

As of yet, Hyman has not been 
charged with a crime, but according to 
UCSD Police Detective Jones, the act he 
is a\lcged to have committed is ~nd 

Royce Union 

BICYCLE 
nRES 
-........ -.",.. Ir .............. riding 

.... --. 20- .1.7~ 
20'. 2.125 ~r' 3-26·.1~" 
2r • IV." Ii. 

~ 

theft, a felony which could ~ui( in 
imprisonment. "' think the problem can 
be worKed out," said Miriski (rom her 
office at Central. "' don't foresee us 
prtssing charges. The main thing is for 
Mr. Hyman and myself to meet· 

What is SliD unclear, howevt:r, is the 
number of books SliD outstanding. "We 
just don't know how many books he SliD 
has in his posseSSion, because it would 
rake hundreds o( hours to go through aU 
of our records," stated Karen Ozudogru, 
who besides being libraI)' curator is 
also in charge of purchasing aD o( the 
fine an material for the Ubrary. "' do 
know thar. the fine ans books which are 
absent total at least S40,OOO. Personally, 
, think he should get his just dues; what 
he did was abhorrent," she said. 

Attempts to contact Hyman were 
unsuccessful. 

- 26 .. SIZE 
...s.lADIIS' 

IO·SPEED 
Li ........ 

Ikydes 
_ .... , 

7 .... 7~7 

74~ 
BICYCLE 

ItIB 



.. 

A.S. Officers 
Pr •• id •• t 
Craig Lee 

Vic. Pre.id •• t 
Elizabeth Wooc!l.vorth 
And ... ic Affain 

Chris Hafner 
Activity F •• 

Erik Roede 
Appoi.t .... t. aad E".I_tio •• 

Craig Leupold 
Co ...... ic.tio •• 

Tim Pickwell 
Beetio •• 

William Ansel 
ElIlt.raaI Aff.in 

Lisa Stenmark 

Prosra .... ias 
Greg Hernperly 

Public R.latio •• 
Lisa Wagner 

co .... ie.;o.er of AcMe.it: AH.'" 
Because academic is the most important component 

of a college education, this official deals with student 
concerns in this area. As a spokesman for the student 
on the Academic Senate floor and other related 
committees, the Commissioner continues to improve 
acaclemic standards and quality. A continual working 
relationship with faculty to improve departmental 
programs, and communication with other campuses 
are some of the prime responsibilities of this individual. 
In addition, the ever changing educational policies must 
be immediately relayed to the students, so that they are 
aware of the specific policies and regulations of the 
University. 

Co ....... io. of Actwity Fee 
The Activity Fee Commissioner has the great iask of 

appropriating funds to all the Student Organizations of 
the ASUCSD. With each organization the Activity Fee 
Board must analyze, scrutinize, question and 
compare numbers to ultimately reach a fair and 
consistent budget for all. A laborious and skillful job, 
the Activity Fee Board presents two budgets for 
Student Organizations to the Council. One for the first 
five weeks in the fall quarter and another for the 
remainder of the year. In addition, monitoring the 
accounts of t he Student Organizations is of high 
priority to the Activity Fee Commissioner. 

Commi •• ioner of Appoi.tme." .lIeI 
E".lul.tio. 

ThiS CommiSSioner deals primarily with 
appointments of student to campus and statewide 
committees . Because a large percentage of leglslallve 
and administrative work are accomplished by various 
committees, selecllon of apPOintees IS crillcal for 
success In student government. 

The general procedure in being appointed to a 
committee involves a submiSSion of an application, 
followed by a persondl in terview conducted by the 
AppOintments & EvaluatIOns Commission. Appointees 
;!re usually notified eit her way as soon as a deCISion has 
been reached, and those who ore not selected should 
con~lder becoming Involved 111 one of the many other 
aspect of :.tude"t government 

C ommissioner of E><ternal Affain 
Th~ campu, " 'l'Vc'rdy Infllll'''tI'd by forces whllh 

originate In the local (ommumty In Del MM, In 
downtown Sail O,('go. In Sandnwnto alld 111 
Washington, D.C. MOl1ltonng and dndlyzlng the effecb 
of thiS outsld ' mflul'nce 15 the External Affairs 

C()mmls5IQn' ~ td.k 
The members of th" CommiSSion deal With Loc,,1 

City CounCIl (tel>tlmony, prOViding Cri ll Isrn, Inillating 
proposals and ,ntern:.h,p:,) , San Diego City Politics 
(Mayor's office, agenel s, City CounCil internships, 
tesllmony), State Legislature and Governor's Office 
(U C. Student Lobby, Legislative Internships, working 
With the state ag(mCleS, testimony before select 
committees and information resources), Federal 
Legislature (conslltuant letters, i.e., the draft, financial 
aid, etc., Washington internships, working With USSA) 
and other external forces such as Zoning Boards, 
private and commerCial Real Estate developers , 
Coastal Commission and local businesses. 

1983·84 
St.d •• t W.H.re 

Ken Davenport 

R."elle R.preH.tativn 
David Carrel 

Lisa Lee 
John Myers 

M.ir R.preHnt.ti" •• 
Greg Druse 

Kaaren 8ekken 
Greg Ricks 

Third R.pre ••• t.ti"n 
Laura Drake 

Steven Cooper 
Carl Forsman 

Warn. R.preee.tativn 
Andrew McWhirter 
. Jean Dangler 
Audrey Thompson 

M.·.· 
Media~t8d 
A.S. BuIeIiR 
en s _ Acdwily 
General UnaIocIited 
Mandate ReNNe 

President'. 
Message 

On behalf of the Associated 
students, I would like to welcome you to 
U.C.S.D. Our student government,like 
the university itself, was founded with 
the goals of meeting student needs and 
expanding student horizons. Its 
strength is derived from a tradition of 
student government which began Oller 
seventeen years ago at U.c. San Diego. 
Since that time, the A.S.U.C.S.D. 
government has grown in every aspect 
of student involvement. Currently, 
there are over 150 student 
organizations, numerous student 
services from the food coops to the 
A.S. Internship office and even a variety 
of student· run media. So, whatever 
your interests may be, U.C.S.D. w~1 be 
very accomodating. 

The A.S. Counca, which acts as the 
central student clearing house for the 
four colleges, serves as the forum in 
which student issues and concerns are 
addressed. Student housing rights, 
defense of educational quality, and the 

"2,929." 
,0· 

AS Bulletin Submission Guidelines 
The A.s. Bulletin wtll appear in Ihe GuO/dian every Monday. Bulletin 
it~l11~ may be submitted in th "bulletin" mailbox, in the A.S. office J will try 
to tnclude all all items in the weekly layout, however, I am li mlt eclto two 
pages and If all ilems do not fit, J will be obligated to give priority to those 
items which have a date or deadline. Other priority items will be thoser 
whtch a re in accordance with the following guidelines: 
1. Submit all items NO LATER THAN 12:00 NOON, WEDNESDAY prior. 
2. Use light·colored paper , ONLY. The White onginal is preferred. NO 

dark or bri~ht colors. 
3. Type or print all submissions clearly. 

Thank you (or your cooperation. If you have any que.stions or problems, 
contact me in the AS office or leave a message at x4450. 

Lisa Wagner 
Commissioner of Public Relations 

increase of student tees are a few of the 
issues currently being addressed. 

The A.S. Council, a representative, 
governing body, is composed of 
informed students, interested in voicing 
your views and in defending the 
interests of the student body as a 
whole. In order to be a productive 
government, we need your support and 
especiaUy your input as a member of 
the Associated Students. 

Your participation as an Associated 
Student of UCSD can be a valuable 
learning experience for you. The time 
you invest in the A.S. will reward you 
with an increase in your awareness of 
the structure and dynamics of student 
life here on campus, as well as provide 
you with the satisfaction of knowing 
that you have helped to mold the future 
traditions of our university. 

A.S. always, 

Craig W. Lee 
A.S.U.C.S.D. President 

The ASUCSD 
Every undergraduate at UCSD is a 

member of the Associated Students. As 
such, you are entitled to aU the A.S. has 
to oHer. Many of the benefits are 
obvious and immediate, the free 
concerts, films, TGIF's, and aU the 
other activities and events. The A.S. 
also aUocates the Activity Fee to the 150 
student organizations for their 
operations and programming. Most of 
the student media are also supported 
by the A.S. 

However, much of the activity of the 
A.S. is less visible, the end product, if 
any, less tangible. It is the day-to-day 
work of keeping ahead of the issues that 
concern students, expressingconcems 
and ideas, and actively working toward 
those goals. 

The governing body of the A.S., the 
Council, is comprised of elected 
commissioners and college 
representatives. The commissioners 
concentrat.e their individual efforts into 
their respec'tive areas (eg. Academics, 
Communications, Student Welfare, 
etc.) and the representatives cover the 
more general concerns of the students 
of their college . Collectively, the 
Council works for everyone, and more 
input and energy is always needed. If 
you are interested in helping in any way, 
or if you need some help, call or stop by 
the A.S.U .C .S D. offices, upstairs in 
the Student Center directly above 
EDNA. The phone number ii 452·4450. 
Also, the P •. S. meets every Wednesday 
evening dt 6:30 In the North 
Conference Room of the Student 
Center. There IS d certain amount of 
time dlloted for !>tudent input, and 
yours IS greatly appreciated 

fresheman /'fresh-m~n/ 
n. 1: NOVICE, NEWCOMER 
By JAMES RALPH PAPP 

There is no need for another anicle 
about how to survive as a UCSD 
freshman; the coDeges pill out their own 
handbooks and pre~nt their own talks, 
there is an exceUent gUidebook of over 
200 pages called the Enchiridion, and the 
new indi£ator publishes a Disoncnlation 
Manual which has some extremely useful 
advice onc might not find anywhere 
else, if one doesn't mind wading 
through a good deal of rhetoric and 
writers with names all in lower case. It 
is how not as a freshman but as an old 
and tired and disillusioned 
upperclassman that one needs more 
advice: the lot of the freshman has been 
improving since almost the beginning of 
the Universiry of California, and 
following is a shon history of his 
emancipation. 

The first 21 freshmen were the class 
of 1873, half of whom graduared, 
becoming, in then-President Gibnan's 
commencement address, "apostles 
bearing everywhere the Master's Ie$.son." 
It is unlikely that the "twelve aposdh" 
(as they became known) wm w bun 
of any upperclassman raging. sina 
therr weren't any upperclassmen. On 
the cxher hand, at UCSD the "frosh 
beanie" appeared on the heads of new 
swdents from !he very beginnins, 
ahhough theft: were no sophomores bw 
the few transfer students who ~ at 
the same time. Howe\ler, as early as 
1878 the annual year-end iJ1le1'1llmt of 
Bourdon (Eltmtrlls of AlgdIra) and MintO 
(Martll/J/ of En1dWt PrIM Composition) in 
bonfires buih by the freshman class had 
begun and in 1903 was stopped by the 
administration because the annual 
effons of the sophomores to prevent the 
intennent had begun to result in serious 
injury. 

Serious injury seems to characterize 
the early history of freshmen in !he 
Universiry of Califomia. "Rush," which 
detennined the supremacy of the 

freshman or sophomore class, had 
developed by the 1890s into extended 
battles with more of the above-
mentioned serious injuries, and noise 
disturbing the academic ceremonies on 
the Berkeley campus below. This was so 
shocking to everybody, with immediate 
action so obviously caRed for. [hat it was 
replaced late in the folowing decade by 
the Freshman-Sophomore Brawl, under 
semi-official auspices. A "Frosh-Soph 
Brawl" was begun at Cal Aggie, or UC 
Davis, as well , with freshmen in the 
event of their lass having to wear their 
caps, caBed "dinks," at the Pajamarino 
Rally later in the tan (an older Berkeley 
Pajamarino RaIy survives with firewood 
for bonfires stiD collected by the 
freshmen), or if winning they could 
discard the dinks. Reform-minded UC 
Santa Barbara threw open its -Frosh-
Soph Mud Brawl" to both selin 

Most of the rivalry rook place betw'ten 
the freshmen and sophomores (no 
doubt with recent indignities still fresh 
in their minds). k was sophomores who 
every year at Berkeley plastered the waDs 
and telephone poles with waminp b 
the ent£rins class, one of which I shaI 
reproduce heft:. 

flESlBlENl 
TREM8I..E AND OBEY 

Bend down and pray, you brainless braes 
Each feeble babIe shaI sweat in beD 
Who darts ascend the Nonh Hall seeps 
Abandon caps and pompadours 
Ikson to rvithtr pipes nor queening 
Endure - submit and Ji\le in fear 

No doubt aDlJlOd advice, especialy 
about the pipes, but bluntly expressed. 
The south stairs of Nonh Hal, in 
explanation, was the lounging place of 
the men of the three upper classes at 
Berkeley. When North HaD was 
condemned and demolished in a public 
ceremony in 1917, President Benjamin 

FREE MONTH'S RENT 
NO MONEY DOWN 

FREE DELIVERY FREE PICK-UP . 
BUDGET 

RENTS 
RlRNITURE 

Helps you beat the 
high cost of moving 

with: 
30 DAYS FREE RENT PLUS FREE DELIVERY 
AND PICK-UP AND NO MONEY DOWN 

WITH THIS M) 
With Every lease. 
Large a Small. 
the First 30 Days 
ARE ON USI Rent 
from Budget and 
We'll deliver in 24 
HOURS. but YOU 
PAY NOTHING 
FOR 30DAVSI 

KEARNEY MESA 
8807 Cloiremont Mesa Blvd. 

San Diego. CA 92123 
("9) 279-993ot 

BUDGET RENTS 
FURNTURE 

MISSION BAY 
1170 W Moreno Blvd. 

Son Diego. CA 92110 
(6t9)27~ 

LAMESA 
5276 Baltllllore Dr. 

La Mesa. CA 92«>1 
(6f9)..wnO 

Limited &ime oller good ootv at participating Budget Rents Fl6ni1U1e ShooNrooms. 
Not IIOhd with any oIhet' otter Otllce furniture eXCluded. 

TIK dorm room if a studtnt in tM 1890's: wtlllalkn boolu:~, falkd bIoclt Senior Plug ltat, 
fomd III/in. 

Ide Wheeler struck the blow toppling 
the railing of "the shrine of those who 
would loaf and invite their souls ." 

Loafmg, at least in regard to freshman 
srrlfe, was what juniors and seniors 
mainly seemed 10 do, in grey top hats 
decoralEd with their clubs and interests 
and kicked and sar upon if juniors, and 
in unadomed black tor hats but also 
kicked and sat upon i seniors. The 
senior plug was eventuaBy replaced by 
the senior sombrero, something like a 
£orest ranger's hat with a leather band 
carved with bears, California porPies, 
and "Califomia" with the year 0 the 
class at the front . 

Al UCSD our own traditions were 

invented, most of them dying early 
deaths. Our earl)! years were the times 
of frosh beanies (by which hats had 
become onerous rather than honorable), 
Ihe big sister-Iitde sister tea (not until 
'65, when there were big sisters), and 
watermelon queens who were still 
wOmen. UCSD's large attrition rate does 
not tend 10 allow alumni and 
upperclassmen to foster UCSD tradition, 
and of course the sixties were nO[ a 
good time for tradition to have to grow 
up in. But since most annual customs in 
the Universiry of Califomia have led to 
serious injuries among the freshman 
class, that can be considered something 
of a blessing to this audience. 

-----Children'. Literature -----
Lit/General 163 MWF 1 • 1:50 TLH 104 

:, 
I. I 

coane code 8292 
I_trador: Gleaa Sadler 

A study o( literature written (or children in various cultures and 
periods. An introductory survey of the history and development of 
children's books. Consideration will be given to various types -
folklore and fairy tales, juvenile verse, and animal stories, and selected 
madem books. Approaches to the selection of children's books for 
various ages Ml also be discussed. The course is divided 
chronologically, be9nning with picture and concept books and 
nursery rhymes for younger children, and continuing to more 
advanced books for older and young adult readers. Opportunity will 
also be given to do a variety of short written assignments, which are 
related to the various types of children's books being discussed. 

Research Methods in Children's 
Literature 

Lit/General 190 MW 2 • 3:51 TLH 110 
coa .... code 8351 

I .. trador: GIe_ SadIe .. 

t, 
For more information on this 

new course, you may contact the 
literature Undergraduate Office, 
TCHB 110, 452·3210, or attend 
the first session of Lit/Gen 163 
tisted above. 
i~ 



chinese f 83 
"langua"ge 
.. ~ 

Chinese Studies 11 - first Year Chinese 
lee MWf - 9-9:50 - 55 21.35 

Tut 1 lThf 8-8:50 H55 3086 
Tut 1 lThf 10-10:50 H55 3086 
Tut 3 lThf 11-11:50 H55 3086 

Course Code 5318 

Chinese Studies 21 - Second Year Chinese Course Code 5319 
lee MWf - 10-10:50 - H55 1305 

Dis 1 lTh 9-9:50 H55 3086 
Dis 2 lTh 10-10:50 APM 2101 

Chinese Studies 111 Course Code 5320 
lee MW - 1-2:50 - HSS 1138 and f - 1-1:50 - HSS 1138 

Chinese Studies 121 - fourth Year Chinese Course Code 5321 
lee lTh - 1-2:50 - APM 2101 

Chinese Studies l8lA - Introduction to Classical Chinese 
Lee MWf - 3-3:50 - HSS 1138 Course Code 5323 

for further information call the rrogram in Chinese Studies. 
HSS 3084, 452-4551. 

-' . 

TEXAS INSTRUMENTS 
INCORPORATED ~ 

Scientific Calculator with Programming 
and Statistics 

$3&5 " TI-55-11 
• 112 Powerful built-In functions for math. 

science. and engineering. 
• Simple programmability gives you added 

versatility. speed. 
• Definite Integration of functions entered 

into program memory. 
• Use up to 8 memories or 56 program 

steps, 

DU~H5D 
6::J060 
CJwo"::;Q Qoa66 
uu660 
o66o...J 
o66ou 
ou60Q 
"'-30- . c:_ ,_ --.... 

Powerful Portable Mfordable 
tl-JO-II 

$1315 
• Contains the advanced algebraic and 

trigonometric functions today's math and 
science students need. 

• Most-needed slide rule functions at the 
touch of a key: Roots, rowers. Reciprocals, 
Common and natural logs. and much more. 

UniYenity Bookstore, Q-008 
University of California, San Diego 

I.a Jolla, California 92093 
Computer/Electronics Oeparbnent 

Pbone: 452-4291 

Welcome from 
Parkin • Transit Systems 

1------------------------------------------------------. 

Grac::. Perlod. 

I 
1 
I 

Students may park In YELLOW srRIPED spaces trom 
Sep tember 19th. 1983 through September 30th. 1983, 
without a parking permit In addJhon. students who own 
motorcycles or motonzed biCYcles may park their cycles 
without a parJang penrut In designated "Motorcycle 
Areas" dunng the grace penod. All spaces not marked In 
yellow or desIgnated lor motorcycles only a re 011 luruts 
(I.e , handJ=pped. re5e/Ved UC Vetucle. "A"-red. "B"-
green) Elledive Monday. October 3rd. 1983. all vehicles. 
motorcycles, and motorized bicycles parked a nywhere 
on UCSD property must have a valid permit properly 
displayed 

ParJl1Dg PeI1D1ts 
Student "5" parJong permits are on sale at the Central 

. Cashiers' Ohce lor $67.50. Laminated Dashboard permits 
are available to those who have more lhan one car 
Laminated Carpool permits will only be issued to tOOse 
who carpool. Motorcycle/ Motorized Bicycle "M" parking 
permits cost 536.00 and are also on sale at the Central 
cashiers' Office. Both types 01 permits are valid through 
June 30th. 1984. Vehicle information Is needed to apply 
lor any IyJ:>e 01 pennlt 

.... MoI*l bguJatioD 
A new parldng regulanon regarding motorized 

bicycles (mopeds) went into elled July 1st. 1983: 
motorized bicycles are reQUIred to display a valid UCSD 
Motorcycle/ Motorized Bicycle ("M" ) parking permil 
when parked on UCSD property (except at Coast or Mesa 
Apartments) Motorized bicycles are restrtcted to parking 
In designated motorcycle parking areas with the "M" 
penrut 

oak» Loc:aUoD • Hours 
Parking & Transit Systems is located on Warren 

Campus, BuIlding 400 ( directly behind the Central 
Castuers' OftIce). Our hours are 7'30 a.m. to 12:30 p .m .. 
and 1.00 p.m to 4:30 pm , Monday through Friday. II you 
have any questiOns about parking or are Interested In 
ridesharlng. stop by or give us a calion extension 4223 or 
452·4223 

Rect.ao.d-PM JIark1Dg Area 
Seventy-eight parking spaceSalongthe northern half 01 

John Hopkins Drive have been set aside again this yearas 
a remote. reduced·fee parking area. The "S-Remole" 
parking pennits lor this area rnayon/y be purchased from 
Parking & TransIt Systems Pennlts are sold on a II.rst-<:ome. 
IIrst-served basis lor 545.00. These permits are valid 
through June 30th. t984. and are reslrtded to the remote 
area Vehicles with "S-Remote" permits will be 
guaranteed spaces In this area. pemuts will not be 
oversold 

Free 1Dte,"""'Pll1ua r.mtta 
Free intercampus bus pennlls are avallable at the 

lollowing locations: I) Parldng & Transit Systems' Ollice, 2) 
Residenlial Apartments' OlIice at Mesa, or 3) Scripps 
Admtrjslratlve Oltice. Scripps Building, Room 104 Proof 01 
UCSD a1ttIiatlon Is required to receive these permits These 
permits eooble UCSD students, faculty, and staff to ride 
free (on San Diego Transit buses only) Within the UCSD 
Campus boundaries, including 510. and including the La 
Jolla Village Square Shopping Center and the UTe 
Shopping Center (on Genessee as far south as the Decem 
Street bus stop). 

There are several bus routes that selVe UCSD. Schedules 
and route maps are avaIJabie from ParJdng & Transit 
Systems. the IIbrartes, and the Student Center. Monthly bus 
passes for San Dtego Transit and North Coun/y Transit are 
sold at the Central Cashien;' OIIIce. 

CaIpooIa,/V<""", a l1li 
Carpool with saneone and spill the cost otparlclng and 

gcDOIfnel The Parlllng a: TransIt Systems' 0fIk:e oan hap 
you and someone 10 c:arpooI wlIh. ~ Slop by the 01108 
and UJJ out an application Ionn. Shortly therea1leryou wtlJ 
receive a Jist 01 oCher studen/s In your neighborhood who 
would also I1Jce to carpool to UCSD. 

Vanpools oller a dlael'8l'll type of t1nI-<:lCIIS. COII-eltident 
travell UCSD rurrently has 13 vanpools In operation from 
as far as Ramooo and EscondIdo, and as near as 
Endnllas and Mira Mesa. In general lhevanpoolsarrtve 
at UCSD by 8 a .m and leave at 4:30 p.rn since most 01 the 
vanpooJers are UCSD employees who work those houn. 
ThC6e 01 you who conunufe along distance ffiYOIht want to 
constder this as an alternative to drMng and parJdng at 
UCSD Contact the Parking lie Transit Sy:llemJ' OUice for 
more inlonnatlon 

QDtIou 
Entorcement is handled through the Campus Police 

Department. BuIIdinQ 500, Warren Campus, extension 
4356 or 452·4356. 

UC Clips Black 
conlin~dJrom 4 . . . & Blue 

An Updolt on ntwS Mpptnings in tht 
Uniwrsily of CaliJOrnia system. 
BERKELEY - The technology for safely " 
Sloring radioactive wastes underground 
is now wd enough developed to 
establish a pilot storage facility, says the 
chairman of a National Research 
Council Panel, Thomas Pigford, 
professor of nuclear engineering at 
Berlccley. 
SAN fRANCISCO - AIDS irscltis an 
opponuniSlic infection and Slrikes only 
individuals whose immune systems are 
already severely damaged, hypothesiz~ 
(wo UCSF professors. They predict that 
those with healthy immune systems are 
not at risk of contracting the disease . 
LOS ALAMOS - Millions of acres of 
US land that are useless for crops 
because of high salt and mineral content 
may become productive. Ihanks to an 
analytical technique'1'"n use at Los 
Alamos National Laboratory. Nuclear 
magnetic resonance IS bemg used [0 
identify plant ceUs that are salt tolerant. 
LOS ANGELES - An ambitious 10· 
year. 14-volume study of the 2 .000 mile 
border between the US and Mexico wiU 
serve as the definitive study on the 
region for policy-makers in both 
countries, scholars. students and 
businessmen. predicts James Wilke, 
professor of history at UClA The study 
is designed to increase understanding 
on both sides of the border on 
environmental . legal. educational and 
cultural issloles. 
LMRMORE - Experiments conducted 
with the Novene laser system at the 
University of California's Lawrence 
Uvennore laboratory have enabled 
researchers to deliver over 10 times 
more green light lase·r energy onto a 
target than has been possible before. 
The laser has been operational since 
January of 1983. 

Pre-Law 

COnlinutd from .5 
The responsibility lor the problem 

may lie in Sacramento and Berkeley, but 
the effects of these bhmders wiD be felt 
by the entire state. A prime example can 
be found by observing the behavior of 
tlv aggressive young computer 
companies which muSl stand on the 
cuning edge of new technology· and 

. need a Slndy supply of fresh blood to 
fiU their corporate veins. If they observe 
the once-mighty UC system slipping 
into the background , they will, by 
neceSSity, decide ro open new plants in , 
say, Texas, or even Pueno Rico and 
points to the far east. 

This type of argument, however, is 
not completely fair. California'S future 

. health does not solely depend on tl]c 
computer industry: the state also needs 
business administrators, health 
profeSSionals, engineers and a plethora 
of other highly trained men and women . 
TragicaUy, budget cuts at the university 
level will reduce the number of in·state 
graduates in these fields as weU, and 
reduce the quality of their education to 
boot. 

The governor claims that the new 
higher fees will olTset his cuts, but this 
claim is blatantly false. The fee increases 
will provide only $20 million in 
revenues for the UC system while the 
cuts totalled $70 million. leaVing a net 
$50 million loss. 

Disgruntled teachers have been 
spotted in Sacramento carrying placards 
reading, "If you think education is 
expensive, try ignorance: The governor 

, . himself, in fact , has stated p~bliC\y that 
California's future wiD ride with "high 
tech," but he has overlooked another of 
those musty old-timers' sayings, "Don't 
count your chickens before they hatch ." 
Bear in mind, Mr. Governor, that neither 
is it w~ to step on the eggs. 

UCSD [xtension presents two informative courses for 
individuals headed for law school next year-

Survival Skills for Law s<hooI: How to Develop, 
Or941nize. and Write a legal Argument . 
Take this course now and gain the competitive edge 
you need to perform with excellence in your first 
year 01 law school. Sat .. Oct. I. 9 a.m.·" p.m .. UCSD 
campus. 

Preparation for the l'1ew law School Admissions 
Test (lSAT) 
The first challenge of your legal career! Adequate 
preparation can make a big difference in your score, 
expcjally because the new new lSAr emphasizes 
wriling. Nine Tuesday evenings beginning Sept. 27. 
UCSD campus. 
tm d<"ldil, pholle 4~1 · 14D .lIId .I\k 1m th,' I" ... tIl,/nfl ' (dl,'Ic>~ . 0, tiip 
.rnd 1II"il WUpOIl bt·lll\\ . . 

l' It',,,,· " ' lId 1111' tlp/O lt' \\Ittl dl'ldit, nil ~lInl\ , ,1 ~k,lh 10' L,III ~tlldl'lIt, 
,lIId L~Al I'rep . 

~dllll' ___ -.!. __________ _ 

_ lip 

M,III III ' MrK linD [~It · ''' i() 11 A 001 UIIIII·"i1 y 111 (dltlmlli" ",11' Ul\'~" 
L.I Joll.! " IIlorni .. (H!)')l. 

How does the rest of the world do it? 
Join us in finding out! 

(lnroll In the Integrated Social Science Sequence) 

SOCIAL SCIEIYa; lOA-B-C 
ItJODERIY SOCIETY ~ 

Approved for Revelle Social Science and additional Social Science 
requirement ArtD Muir Social Science. 

falI1983-10A: R. Nadsen 
Tu·Th 10:00-11:20 a.m. 
HSS 2258 

." .. 

Special attention is paid to theories which seek to 
account for the unequal distribution of wealth. status. and 
power In America. 

Winter 1984 - lOB: D. Laitin 
focuses upon political aspects of human society. 
examining patterns of equality, authority, and policy 
making In the United Kingdom. france. Japan. India and 
the Soyjet Union. 

Spring 1984 - IOC: D'Andrade 
11115 cOlQ'Se examines cultural universals and cultural 
dUfutJices In the modern world and Includes case studies 
of cultural differences between mocIem peoples aneta 
review of the concept of "national character,'· 

Mayall walks to class be 
comfortable. 

t. G.onw, Av('. oIJ<":l5) ~ 
J 

" Q., G'? oc 'v~v G , ,1Ilel A", 
0 '-; ~ 

" 

<o\,u PB r r Iho""" AVl' i 

Walking in Birkenstock is a lot like 
walking barefoot in the sand. Our 

footwear molds to your feet and 
softens the concrete world. 

Birkenstock 
of La Jolla 
1111 Prospect. 454-7577 

SPECIAL 

% PRICE 
HAIRCUTSI 

Willi TIl. COIIpoII &,Nrn '/2t/83 
About My Pentl ,sDeciia.r 

tot) 483-6721 
" " 'l 4288 Cass St. u 

Celli (or Appomtmenl 



.. 

14 Septtml>e, 20, 1983 

r------------------------------------~ I fRE[ SKIING I 
I SkI rR[f on our revolvIng carpeted Ski MachIne, 
I Try SKlR08ICSot slalom courses as featured In . 
I SKIINO magazine (Sept. '8l), ThIs offer good for 
I txpel1enced skiers only with this ad and I bl' appointment. 
L----~~~~~~upl~J~~L~ ___ _ I novice Skiers 

Introductory Lason - 2 for 1. 
Two pulpIt skI for the price of one, 

I 
I 
I 
I I:qulprnmt Includtd, 

• 

1_ -~.!. ~~~~~e~.:~r !l!1!!:~}~!.5L~ __ 
I ~ 1105 l'irst st, 942 Grand Avt, 
I __ f.ndnltas. ca. 92024 San Diego, Ca. 92109 I L .. SCItOOLSi (619) "2-2188 (619) 272-8100 I 

- - - -------------------------___ J 

I Frank Robinson 2 Grill 
G,esham 3 Bob Uecker 4 . 

Ray Nllschke 5. Ben 
DaVidson 6 Tommy 
Heinsohn 7 John Madden 
8 BIlly Mlrlln 9 Sieve 
Miz .. ak 10 Dick Bulkul II 

Boog Poweli 12 . KOlchl 
Numaz.w. 13 Jim 
Shoulders 14 Mall Snell 15. 
De.con Jones 16 M,ckev 
Spillane 17 Don Can_r 18 
Boom Boom Gaolfllon 19 
Marv Throneberry 20 Bubba 
Smllh 21 JIm HonochlCk 22 
lee Meredllh 23 Red 
Auerbach 24 Rodney 

Dangerlltid 25 DICk W,lhams 

EVIIY1'IIIII18U _an..nD .I".AID LESS. 

~ 
Hands-on-TIme: 
Computer U-Orive. Do }UUr 
thing on our computer/printers. 
IBM, Apples, & Commodore 
Equipment. S4/hour land up' in 

~ hour segments. Present this ad 
and student 10 for 1st time 50% 
discount. Informal occasional 
advice available upon request or 
formal classes. 
Next to Ralph's & ilIboIIe Brwrty HiIIs~. 

45J-7415 

C 1983 M,I'-, B<ew1r\9 Co .. MtIMukee. WI 

New 
Grading 
Policy 

UCSD students will face new grading 
procedures mis quaner because of a 
decision made by the Academic Senate 
last spring to conven lener grades to a 
plus and minus scale. 

Although the majoriry of students 
voted against a referendum to 
implement the new policy in last April's 
campus-wide elections, the Academic 
Senate approved me change, giving 
faculry needs the greater consideration . 

"The decision was based on a 
recommendation by the Committee of 
Educational Policy and Courses (CEP)," 
~ays Lynn Harris , spokesman for the 
Senate. "Faculty wanted more options in 
the grading system-fine lUning," 
reports Harris. 

The policy statement released by the 
Office of Admissions and Registrar 
reflects the eITect on the grade poim 
average of aU students. "Plus grades will 
carry three·tenths of a grade point more 
per unit, while minus grades carry 
three· tenths of a grade point less per 
unit." 

Instructors wiu have me option (0 use 
the new policy or to remain with the 
rrevious grading system. 

There will be no pOSSibility for a GPA 
to rise above 4.0, because although 
grades of A+ will be awarded, they will 
carry no more than four poims of credit. 
The grade of A+ will only represent 
"extraordinary achievement" according 
to this statement. 

Forum 
continued Jrom 2 

to suppOrt those organizations that don't 
make lots of money," says Davidson, who 
at 38 has taught at San Diego State besides 
UCSD. "If you value ans as solely COSt· 
effective, then we wouldn't have arts at all. 
It would be JUSt rock concens and football 
games .. . " 

The soap opera Will be postponed 
until the third week of classes, at which 
time Pickwell and members of the 
Birdcage Review will convene with the 
council and try to overrule Lee's veto .. 

Open Forum: AS Vice-President 
Elizabeth Woodworth supponed KSDT's 
initial proposal of $15 ,000, but as vice· 
president she is unable to cast a baUot. 
Woodworth chose nm to comment on 
the BCR issue, but she will probably be 
affiliated with the publication in t he role 
as associate editor this year ... Due to 
other commitments, Cratg Leupold, 
commissioner of appoimments and 
evaluations, resigned last week. His 
vacant seat will probably be taken by 
Mark Boroditski, a Lee nominee, if 
accepted by the council ... 

After haVing a rew days ofT, the 
Counctl will reconvene tomorrow night 
at 6:30 in the Nonh Conference Room 
in the Student Center. Visitors are 
welcome . . . 
Editor's Nole: This (olumn will appear 
rcglilurly in tile Guardian UllJ ((Hlccrn 
ihrlj with thc "sw'~ and CU"CWllstall(CS 
~UlTOLl/ldlllg rhe Ass()clllrcd Stude"t 
glll'Cnlll1fnr 

Rental 
Housing 
Guide 

CaIPlRG, the California Public Interest 
Research Group, has released an 
updated guide to finding ~nral housing 
in San Diego, including information on 
where to locate rrntal vacancy listings, 
student hOUSing, emergency hOUSing 
and where to go with a tenant·landlord 
problem. Following are excerpts from 
me guide, which is available free by 
sending a self·addressed, stamped 
envelope to CalPIRG's Housing Guide, 
3000 E St., San Diego, CA 92102. 

00000 
In addition to newspaper listings, 

there are the folowing IFVCies which 
provide htt vacancy listings, housing 
infonnation and refenal services to 
renters. Unless otherwise !lOUd, the 
agencies are open Monday through 
Friday during normal business hours. 
- Center for Women's Srudes and 
Servicrs (CESS) 
233-JaJ8; 908 E St., San Diego, CA 
92101 

The organization, which setve5 
women only, has a bulletin board listing 
rentals and people wanting to shaft 
housing. 
- Clai~moru Friendship House 
183-5100, 4271 Clai~monl Mesa Blvd., 
San Diego, CA 92117 

limited lisa of vacancies in immediate 
area. 
- San Diego City Housing Commission 
236-5648, 121 Broadway Suite .... 2, San 
Diego, CA 92123 

Offers a variety of subsidized hOUSing 
programs including section and leased 
housing. Also offers information on 
relocation benefits for people displaced 
by condominium conversion. 

local newspapers are a good source 
of information, although ads are 
answerrd quickly by many peorle and 
should be checked early. Renta ads are 
run in the foDowing newspapers which, 
unless otherwise noted, serve the 
communi~ implied by the name-. 
Bblt TribU~ (452·1241) Daily except 
Sat. Serves the coaSlal area between 
Camp Pendleton and Cardiff, ViSla , 
Fallbrook and San Marcos. 
CarUbadJoumal (792·2345 Wed., Sat.) 
Coast Dispatch (452·1281) Twice weekly. 
Serves San Diego's North Counry. 
La Prensa (231·2873, Fri.) Serves San 
Diego's Latino community. 
Los Angties Times (238·1617) Daily San 
Diego edition . 
Pen'!Ysal'tr (297 ·5222) 72 editions 
coumy.wide; check telephone directory. 
Weekly. 
The Reader (231·7821 , Th .) San Diego 
Counry. Also weekly. 
San Diego Union (299·3131) Large daily . 
Serves San Diego County. 
San Diego Viewpoin' (266-0661, Wed.) 
North Park, Kensington, Universiry . 
Heights, Nonnal Heights. 

Da~ Ca/ljJmian ( .... 2·4404) Daily. Serves 
EI Cajon, Alpine, Santee, Lakeside, La 
Mesa, San Carlos, Lake Murray, most of 
the East County. 
EvmUW Tribune (299-3131) Large daily. 
Serves San Dietp County. 
LGjoI/a URI!t (459-"201, Th.) Also the 
Journal edilion of the La Jolla Ught. 
Serves Del Mar, Solana Beach, Rancho 
Santa Fe. 
Times-AdYocate (745-6611) Daily except 
Sat. Escondido, San Marcos, Visra, and 
Poway. 
Vista Prtss (724-7161) Daily except Sal 

HEALTH CARE 
,,-----

If you're planning a car~r in 
Ihe heahh carr field, you 
OWt' il 10 yourself 10 rind OUI 
aboul Iht' Air Force's Hrahh 
Professional Scilolarship 
Program. 

Qualified (' .S. cilizt'os can 
r('t ri.'r scholarships ror 
mrdical school. 
OUf )("holarships includr: 

• TUITION 
• BOOKS 
• US FEES 
• EQUIPMENT 

RENTAL AND IJ79 
MONTHLY STIPEND 

FOR DETAILS CONTACT: 

USAF MEDICAL 
RECRUITING OFFICE 

3443 Camino Del Rio South 
Suite 206 

San Diego, Ca, 92108 
or 

call MSgt Jim Dacier collect at 
(619) 293-6204 

Occasionally. tenants will have a 
problem requiring intervention or advice 
from a knowlegeable source. The 
follOWing agenCies can assist tenants 
who arr having problems with 
landlords, leaking roofs, securiry 
deposits, discrimination, and many 
other common complaims. 
California Dcpartmmt oj Real Estate, 23 7· 
73'15, 1350 Front St. Room 5008, San 
Diego, CA 9210 1 

For information concerning problems 
with rental agenCies. 
CalPlRG 's Consumer Assistance Line, 236· 
1535, M·Th , 1·4:30 pm 

For information on most tenant· 
landlord issues. Comprehensive securiry 
depoSit booklet. 
Department oj Public Health , 236·2243 

Consumer aid concerning pest 
comrol , general sanitation , and sewage 
problems. 
Federal Housing Administration , 293·6257. 
880 Front St ., San Diego CA 92101 

Investigate complaints of 
discrimination and anempt resolvement 
through conciliation. 
Help Cmter. 582·4357, 5059 College Ave., 
San Diego, CA 

Legal clinic Mon., Tues., Wed. nights. 
Call for appointment. 
Housing DivisIOn oj Building Inspection, 
236·5.HO, 1222 Firs' Aw:., San Ditgo, CA 
92101 

Handles complaints that violate the 
Housing Code, only in complexes of 
th~e or more units. 
San Diego City Attorney's OJlict, 236·6007, 
Consumer Fraud Sec'ion, 202 C 51., San 
Dltgo, CA 92101 

Will investigace non-rrfundable 
seCurity deposits, illegal lease clauses, 
and age discrimination in housing 
within the City of San Diego. 
San Diego District Attomey's OjfiCt, 236· 
2346, Consumer'Fraud Section, 220 W. 
Broadway, San Ditgo, CA 92101 

WiD invesrigace complaints of 
discrimination and non-rrfundable 
deposits: 
Skit( Dtpartmt:n, oj Fair Empioymmt and 
Housing. 237·7405, 110 W. C St., Room 
1702, San Diego, CA 92101 

Handles housin8'discrimination 
complaints. 

The largest expense that most tenants 
face when moving to a newapanment 
is the security deposit. 'A securiry 
deposit is any payment, fec, deposit or 
charge to be used by the landlord only 
for (1) compensation for unpaid rem; 
(2) repair of damages caused by the 
tenant (exclusive of normal wear and 
tear); (3) cleaning of the premises at the 
end of tenancy (if not satisfactorily 
cleaned by the tenant). Securiry deposits 
include cleaning, key, pet, parking, and 
last month's rent. All depOSits (except 
holding deposits), arr considered 
seCUrity deposits and are refundable. 

Non·refundable deposits are iUegal 
and invalid . This includes any rental 
clause which stares that pan or all of the 
securiry depOSit will be forfeited if you 
move out before a specified period of 
time has passed (e.g. six months). 

A landlord cannm demand a securiry 
depOSit of more than the total of two 
months' rem for an unfurnished 
apartment or three monms' rem if the 
unit is furnished . The first month's rent 
is additional, but the last month's rent is 
considered pan of the total . 

Before you sign a rental agrtemem or 
pay your first month's rent, closely 
check the condition of your future 
home. Write up a checklist and mark 
down any dirt or damage to the 
prrmises, furniture or appliances. Have 
the landlord sign this checklist so that 
later you can't be blamed for causing 
any of the damage you· found . If you 
can, have wimesses sign and date me 
checklist. Take photographs of major 
defects or damage and identify each 
one on the back by location and date . 

Current California law does not 
require the landlord to pay interest on 
your security depostit money; however, 
you could ask if he is wiDing to pay 
imerest when you are negotiating your 
comract terms. 

If you haven't received your refund 
within two weeks after you have left the 
apanment, you should contact your 
landlord in writing - preferably by 
cenified mail, return receipt requested 
- to find out why you haven't. Make 
sure you keep a copy of the lener. 

Largest 
antlAJ"llnen Facility 

Jewish ~ampus Centers 
of San Diego at UCSD 

Office of Religious Affairs 
Building B, Student Center 

452-2521 

Serving the campus community 

Jay Miller, Rabbi Jackie Tolley, Coordinator 



16 20. 1983 xpltmlKr 20. 1983 17 

THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA CRAFTS CENTER 

-----

JL.~~-.-.-~-.-.-.-aLJL~ -------- -- a_a .-••• -.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-••••••• -••••••••• -••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• -.-.-.-.-.-.-.-••• -.-.-••• . ••• -••••••••••• . ••• -.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-••••• -.-.-••••••••••••••••••••••• 

--



.. 

Counseling and 
Psychological Services 

FOr All UCSD Students 

We offer a variety of services and programs 
designed to enhance your college experience 
and help you cope most effectively with 
University Life. 

Through Individual or group counseling, 
psychotherapy, or support groups, you 
can leam to ••• 
••• Reduce tat anxiety. 
••• Studv more cffIdently and effectively. 
••• Enhance your cratIvity. 
•• .Manage your weight. 
.. .Make more effcctl¥e pcnonal and carat' 

decisions. 
••• Improve your Interpcl"lOll8l relationships. 
... Cope more effcc:tlvcly with Ionell .... , ....... 

dlfflalltlcs, alcohol and c:InIg abuse, 
anxiety, .traI, and depression. 

Five Locations on Campus 
Call for an appointment 

451-3755 
The counseling relationship is private 

and confidential. 

Typewriter Rental 
IBM Correcting Selectric II 

Typewriters 

~ReDtaIFee--------------~~~ 
, (i 

daily 
$10.00 weekly $30.00 l~nt~1 $54.00 weekends $22.50 

University Bookstore 
Q-008, La Jolla, CA. 92093 

8:00 am to 4:45 pm 
Monday thru Friday 
10:00 am to 4:00 pm 

Saturday 
Electronics Department 

Phone: 452-4291 

furniture! Just ask at GranTree. 
with minimum rent agreement and student I.D'~=:-:-:,:,r-__ _ 

"""".""""""""""""",, .... 

Granlt'8e's 'free & easy' ReI daI PIa1 
GranTree beheves " , your life is hectic 
enough as it is. That's why we're offering you 
a rental agreement that's "FREE & EASY. ' 
\/Ve 've got: . LU)lunous soIas , conlempo'ary dlt'lenes. 
back·pleasmg beds, hardwork'ng desks and chaIrs, booi<. 
cases, bedSide tables, ptetures, ramps even TVsl 
• No CIepO~1 • Lowest pnce In town 
• Fast delivery • Frtend re'aHal dlscounl 
• No crecht hassles • MovIng servICe 
• Easya<ld-ons • OpIlOIllobuy 
• Acctdental damage protectIOn 

......................................................... 

SANDII!OO 
1210W Mot_Blvd 
276·674 1 

LA MESA 
6232 Jack"", Or 
Surt. , Q5 
462·2610 

CHULA VIITA 
733erOO<lWIY 
427·3232 

ocu_ 
,_Oc .... IdeBlvd Ste H 
433-5~1 

Lowest price in town: 
we'll meet or beat 

any other rental company's 
lowest ;t3rice for a 3-room 

package! 

kickin' back in style with ... 

G!2IdR~~"" 

The-Freshman's tale ... 
A Canterburian saga 

By JAMES RALPH PAPP 
Whan that Scpremb~ in the upper eighties 
The droughte of summer hath reduced to Hades 
And bathed every veine in swich licour 
Containing fizz and ice - one dollar per 
(A price your Econ prof will justify 
By'noting that demand exceeds supply) -
Whan Santa Ana with her stifling reache 
Inspired hath us al unto the beache, 
The rendre froshes in the blazing sonne 
Still free amongst the sand and water ronne, 
And record players maken melodye 
(Parents sleepen aU the night with open eye 
So troubles them New Wave in taste and knowledge) 
Thanne longen they thai you go off 10 college 
To master dilTerem unfamiliar classes, "Petrarchan sonnets" 
or "Unstable gasses," 
And specially, over every UC school, 
UCSD, which overlooks "The Jewel: 
Academic manyrdom 10 seeke: 
You wish for twO more days in every weeke. 
Befelle that in a season, on vacation, 
As I was undergOing orientation 
And thoroughly expecling 10 be bored 
Some three and twentye freshmen in a horde 
Descended , and joined with our Iytde lour pf Warren, Third, Revelle and also Muir. 
An Anthro major had much verbal ammo; 
He talked non-stoppe about the Yanomamo, 
And walking next to him there was an AMES, 
Who couldn't translate his acronymic name. 
(Behind a budding Bio major s1ogues: 

He spends his houres cutting bits from frogues.) 
A Chem major strode, businesslyke, ahead -
Aboul that son let nOlhing more be said, 
Chicano Studies claimed one of our number: 
Zapata was in preference to lumumba. 
A Chinese Studies student, dressed like Mao, 
Read quiedy quotations from the Dow; 
He was at peace, lyke one who driUes in yoga 
(Ihe Classics major sauntered in a roga). 
The Psychiatric chairman past did drone. 
He drives a phallic symbol - a Cilroen. 
Communications majors: our smaUe ration 
Had a camera, but no conversation . 
Among us there was one who studied Drama; 
His Hamiel looked Iyke a dyspeptiC llama, 
There was an Econ major; his diurnal 
Reading seemed 10 be The Walle Streete Journal. 
Another acronym - he studied EECS -
Had been in thai condition for some weekes. 
A Histone major [jgured In the gang; 
Next weeke he was to stan on the Bigge Bang. 
A linguist next - in severalrongues he said it 
(they worke much more for rather less in credit). 
And one there was whose major, Literature, 
Had made his ends profound and motives pure , 
Noble, benign - vocabulary fails l 
He modernized the Canterbury Tales. 
For Math there is unnecessary fuss: 
What entenainment lyes in calculus? 
Our Music major was experimental 
And wrote a fugue on excavations dental. 

PhiiosophiL told us the why of now, 
And then our Physics major showed us how; 
In Poli Sci the confliclS of the races, 
In Psych their deeper schizophrenic basis. 
A line before the cashier's olTice ranne 
Which measured 10 a Cyclopean spa nne. 
It moved not forward - faces were nOI sunnye -
One would have thought they'd Iyke to take our monye. 

We had a Sociologist whose solemn 
Wish was to make the paper's social column 
(Denounced as holding righi-wing fuddie-duddies 
By one about ro take Third World Studies). 
A garden is a lovesome thing, God wot 
(Our Urban Planner wanlS a parkmg 10l; 
Our Vis Arts major wishes, in the main , 
To wrap it aU in pinkish cellophane). 
Now have I told you soothly in a clause 
Th'estate, th 'array, the nombre and eek the cause 
Why those who made our party it befelle 
To wait next ro Ihe fountain in Revelle . 
And of Revelle there numbered quite a few, 
Though revel had they little time ro do, 
And others were who had enrolled in MUIr, 
For its requirements were rather fewer, 
And many of them from Third College came 
(Where no one could agree upon a name). 
There, toO, were ones who dressed in Warren habits 
(A Warren soundetl'lolyke a place for rabbits). 
But all were hound for UC San Diego 
(As good as Berkeley, but wilh less an ego). 

r---------------------------------~ THE TOGUIT(:UP]I : canterbury Dcl Mar Hair Salon 
Nut to BiitHear Market&' The Post Office In Unlverslry City, Corner of Governor Dr. &. R.:gnll. Rd I 

FLAVORS: ONE PREE YOGURT Chocolate Ralpberry 
Boysenberry Praline'n'Cream 
Chocolate Mint Banana 
Lemon Strawberrychec:secake 
Strawberry Vanilla 
Pumpkin Mocha Peanut Butt.:r 
Pina Colada Coconut 
Peach Blueberrycheest:cake 
c.n us for daily flavors: +57-2339 

Gon.Tnor Dr N.:xt tv 
s.~ a'lT 4'-----+---

THIS COUPON GOOD FOR ONE FREE (Soz cup) OF YOGURT 
WITH THE PURCHASE OF ANY OTHER SIZE! 

Expires September 27, 1983. One coupon per customer 

L Open 7 Days a Week, 1 0:30 af!1 tilll 0:00 pm. Only 2 Vz Miles Away! • -----------------------------~---~ 
SCIENCE AND ENGINEERING 

MAJORS: 
TAKE OUT INSURANCE NOW 

How about an "Insurance" policy that your science or engineering degree will 
really be used? It would be nice. Especially considering the work you put into such a 
degree. 

The Air Force will use your talents, We have openings for young men and women 
majoring in selected science and engineering academic fields".Iike Aeronautical, 
Aerospace, General and Elp.ctrical Engineering, Mathematics, Physics and 
Computer Technology, and many more. 

One way to get into these openings is through Air Force ROTC . Our AFROTC 
scholarship can help you financially so you can concentrate on getting your degree. 
AFROTC is great opportunity to help yourself through college, and t he Air Force is 
a great opportunity to really use what you learn, 

look into the Air Force ROTC program al your campus. It's good insurance. 

TO FIND OUT MORE ABOUT THE CROSSTOWN AGREEMENT 
BETWEEN UCSD AND AFROTC AT SDSU ... CALL 265·5545. 

B02"C 
Gateway 10 a great way at "Ie, 

~ •• '" Helrltytlng for Men ~ Women 
Perms. Cellophanes • Colors 

Back to School Specials 

3ft, 2!.~1ng1 
Haircuts 
Perms 

reg, $21 
reg, $65 

now $14.70 
now $45.50 

First tiIIIc customers only. Offer expires 10-10-13. 

Open 7 days at 1011 Camino Del Mar / Del Mar, Ca. 92024 

(619) 481-6739 

Wanted: 
Advanced String Players (students, staff, 
faculty) from the sciences in teres ted in 
making music. 
The Chamber Orchestra of the Music 
Department (Music 95E) will hold auditions for 
new members on Wednesday, September 21, 10-
noon, 1 :30 - 4:30 pm, and 7:00 - 9:00 pm, room 
B126, Phone 452-3279 for an audition 
appointment and further information, This group 
rehearses Thursdays, 5:00 - 6:50 pm and 
performs both on and off campus, A tour IS 
planned for May to other UC campuses. 



Angles 
of 

UCSD 

Chancellor and Mrs. Richard C. Atkinson 
and 

Associated Students President Craig Lee 
request your presence at the 

Fall Convocation 
Wednesday, September 21, 1983 

Mandeville Auditorium 

Muir College 
Third College 

12:00 noon -" 1:00 pm 
and 

Welcoming Reception 
honoring all new students 

Sunday, September 25, 1983 
University House 

9630 La Jolla Farms Road 
3:00 .. 4:00 pm 
3:00 .. 4:00 pm 

Revelle College 4: 15 .. 5: 15 pm 
Warren College 4: 15 .. 5: 15 

Please refer to your c()lle.~c.: nc.:wslettc.:r for more information. 

c1RacY ~~=~­
~ frozen S'oeurl Jlf/air y'ogurt creations 

30(: off . 
'~ . ~J any purcha.e of $1.00 or 1D0re 

, -- \ 1030 Torrey Pine. Rd. ~ at Henchel ~ La Joll. \I ___ ~- oae per ,,~: : .. :~YI ' c •• to.er 
Coupoa Expire. Sept. 28, 198:1 

r--;-;-jUNE:(jPSPEciAi-**--; 
I INCLUDES: A~t YCJIves - most cars. new plugs. service baltery. check compresslon. check I 
I cooling system. adjust carburetor, set timIng. BY APPOINTMENT. I 

: $29 $49 $59: 
I DATSUN. TOYOTA. HONDA VOlVO -. c:yt~ DASHER. ALFA - ROMEO -. c:yt., . I 
I (MOST MODELS) IAIIIT. FIAT, TRIUMPH. MG 2· CARS. BMW • - cyt. I 

: IMPORT CAR : 
: SUN PEIIft:lIMAIII REPAIR SPECIALISTS : 
I 578 8536 Engine Overhauls, Ring & Valve Jobs. • 
I • Brake Wert. Carbo Overhauls, Clutches. • 
• ft555-C IIack Mountain load COMPlElE SERVICE. J ~--------------------.----------



22 Sep,embe, 20, 1983 

Itdoesnttake alotof~kto 
1 __ ---___ '---. • ~ get into college. 
...... . 

• 
Imperial's Tomorrow Student Loan 
Is the best plan tOr today. 
Now getting into coUege doesn't have to be a 
grind. Imperial Savings has done everything 
to cut the paperwork and the questions down 
to size. So you can spend you time preparing 
for school. Not filling out endless forms. 
When your loan is approved, we will offer 
you a free Tomorrow CheckinglMAccount. 
There's no minimum balance and you earn 

5~% interest. Plus you get the 

-

benefit of our network of ATM 
Tomorrow Tellers and 124 branches 
branches throughout California. 
CttlIl-800-CHEK-NOW 0-800-243-5669) 
If you want to examine the Tomorrow 
Student LoaJr'more closely, either give 
us a call, or contact your financial 
aid office. Our loan representatives 
are on the line Monday through 
Friday. Call now. And find out 
how to apply for the loan that's 
easy to get today. And easy 
to live with tomorrow. 

... Looking for Something? 

\ 
'. ' ~ ~ 'f 

You can find it at 

International 
Gifts 

PrlnlS Cards T-Shirts 
Poslers Prints GiflS Cards Mugs T-Shirts ~sprcads 
Poslers Prints GiflS Cards Mugs T-Shirts ~preads 
Po sIers Prints GlflS Cards Mugs T-Shirts ~pruds 
Posters Prints GiflS Cards Mugs T-Shirts Ikdsprcads 
Posters PrintS Gifts Cards Mugs T-Shirts Bedspruds 
Posters GiflS Mugs Bedspruds 

Student Poster Special 
5 posters for the price of 4· 

· (The least expensive poster is rree) 
ExpIres September 30, 1983. 

OII'er with this ad -

International Gifts 452-7755 
Vniversity Towne Centre, next to the Broadwa 

,.~' -!W.~ 

THE DAY AFTER TRINITY 
J. Robert Oppenheimer And The Atomic Bomb 

DURACELtJ Batteries 

UD" Size 
Was 53.00 

NO"" 
$1.99 j 

"C"Slze 
Was 53.00 

flO"" 
S1.99 

UAA" Size 
(4 Pack) 

Was S4.30 

NO"" 
52.99 

~'9V' Size 
Was 53.00 

tl°"" 
51.·99. 

Offer expires September 30th 
NO LIMIT 

Unlverslr:y Bookstore, 0-008 
Unlverslr:y of californIa, San DIego 

La Jolla, California 92093 
Computer /Electronla Department 
. Phone: 452-4291 

& 

RB4N 
DIES 

NING 
The beginning of another academic year is here. You can waste 

it...OR use it for your own good, but what }UU do this year is 
important because you "'lill have exchanged another year of your 
life tor itl You must remember that when 1984-85 academic year 
comes, this year will be gone forever, leaving in its place the 
things that you traded for it. · 

Urban Studies and Planning want you to plan your 1983-84 
classes to be a beneficial gain, not a loss tor your educational 
training, in order that you will not regret the price that you paid 
for it. 

The faculty will offer the following courses for the 1983-84 
academic year for you to choose from in planning your schedule 
of classes each quarter, However, we advise that you check with 
the USP office tor any additions or changes that might occur each 
quarter. 

Fall auarter 1983 
USP 10: CornpilratNe Urbanfutlon 4.0 Units 
USP 102: U,.,." Ecollomk Problems (same as Economics 135) 4.0 Units 
USP 107: Urban PoIltia (Same as Political Science l02E) 4,0 Units 
USP 124: Land Use Planning 4.0 Units 
USP 131: Comnu'I~ Dynamla & Elhnldty 4.0 Units 
USP 131L: ComIlU'1ft¥ Dynamla & Elhnldty LAS 2.0 Units 

(not listed in the 1983-83 General catalog) 
USP 144A: Orientation CD Hearth Care Organization 4.0 Units 
USP 186A: Methods of Urban Planning 4.0 Units 
USP 198s: Directed Group Study 2-4 Units 

(to be arranged with Faculty) 
USP 1995: Independent Study 2-4 Units 

(to be arranged with Facultyl 

WI'ller auarter 1984 
USP 11: Urban Amerlatn Sodety 4.0 Units 
USP 101: Applied StatIstIcs for Urban SCudIes & Planning 4.0 Units 
USP 105: UrbiIn Sludles In Inlemadonal Petspectl\le: The U.s.-Mexko 

Border Region (same as TWS 105 and Chicano Studies 105) 4.0 Units 
USP 1068: Concemponuy Urban Issues 4,0 Units 
USP 1448: PlelJl!ntIve Hearth Care 4.0 Units 
USP 145: Aglng-Soc:UI HeaIIh Policy 4.0 Units 
USP 152: Adult Development.nd AgIng 4 ,0 Units (New Coursel 
USP 171: Pracdall Urban Land Use Problems 4.0 Units /paul A Peterson 
Againl) 
USP 1868: Urban FIeldwork Seminar: Urban Planning and Policy 

PROJECT 4.0 units (see Director of Field Studies for details.) 
USP 198s: DItectecI Group SCudy 2-4 Units 

Ito be arranged with Faculty) 
USP 1995: Independent Study 2-4 Units 

(to be arranged WIth Faculty) 

Spring Quarter 1984 
USP 12: Introduction to Urban Planning & Policy 4.0 Units 
USP 125: TopiCS In Urban Planning 4,0 Units 
USP 146: Case Studies In Heailh Care 4.0 Units 
USP 151: Social-Psychological Aspects of Black Identity 4.0 Units 
USP 153: SocIety, Motivation and Personality 4.0 Units 
USP 173: Crime & Social Policy 4.0 UnitS (New Course) 
USP 186A. Methods of Urban PlannIng 4.0 Units (Juniors Only) 
USP 186C. Urban Studies INTERNSHIPS 4.0 Units (Seniors Only) 
USP 190 Sen/or SemInar 4.0 Units 
USP 1985 Directed Group Study 2-4 Units 

Ito be arranged with Faculty) 
USP 199s: Independent Study 2-4 Units 

(to be arranged With Faculty) 

All interested and continuing Urban Studies & Planning Majors 
are encouraged to attend the Urban Studies & Planning 

"Back to School" Gathering with the faculty & staff 
on Thursday afternoon: 

Oc:tGber 6. 19U 
TCH8 1I0oIII 141 

lhIrd CoII_ c.n.-
JIOO- ... p .... 



Understanding a World in Crisis 

COURSES FOR NON-MlUOIS 

lATIN AMERICA: History lA.------------~~ 
Part of a 3 quarter sequence which satisfies Muir Conege General Education 
requirements, minor fields and secondary concentrations and fuJ6IIs the 
prerequisite for the major. 

1A: THE DII.I!MMAS OF lATIN AMERICA: A lecture-discussion course on the history 
of Latin America, with an emphasis on Society and land ownership. political power. 
family structures, race and miscegenation, and the influence of the United States. This 
quarter will cover !.ancl and Powu. &Ie Va YOIIIIJ (Ph.D. University of California. 
Berkeley) specializes in colonial Latin America with emphasis on Mexico. 
MWF Lecture, 12:00-12:50, TI.H 104, see schedule for section. 

UNITED STATES EIRNle R1STOBY: History 7B/Third Worldl--........... 
Studies 7B 

IUlCE AND EI'IlNICITY IN THE UNITED STATI!S: A COMPAItAl'IVI! SIUDY 
A lecture-discussion course on the comparative ethnic history of the United States. Of 
central concern will be the Asian-American and white ethnic groups, race, oppression, 
mass migrations, ethnicity, dty life in industria1 America. and power and protest in 
modem America. 11aoma. DaltIlD (Ph.D. Columbia University) specializes in American 
social history. His research focuses on industrialization. women. and the family. 
MWF Lecture, 1:00-1:50, HSS 1330, see schedule for sections. 

APRICA: History 24------------------........... 

ORIGINS AND CONSEQUENCES OPUNDDDEVELOPIDNT: The history of the Third 
World peoples of Asia, Afiica, and latin America is swveyed from the fifteenth century to 
1900. It traces the origins of European empires, the interrelationship between these 
empires and the process of underdevelopment, the meaning of imperialism as an 
experience shared by Third World peoples, and the beginning of indigenous resistance 
to imperialism. EchrarcI ReyDoIdl (Ph.D. University of London School of Oriental and 
African Studies) specializes in African history. His research stresses West-Afiican 
economic history and missionary history. 
Tu-Th Lecture, 11:30-12:50, TI.H 104, see schedule for section. 

CHINA: History 80. NEW COURSE--------------~ 

HISTORY OF CHINESE CMlJZAnON: A sUNey of the history of China , from antiquity 
to the Nineteenth Century, stressing the emergence of China as a major world 
civilization. Major intellectual developments (Confucianism, Taoism, Buddhism, Neo-
Confucian and institutional developments feudalism, imperial rule, bureaucracy) will be 
introduced. Attention will be given to typical problems of Chinese empires in the areas of 
foreign relations, social control. and economic development. The course will be both 
chronological and topical in format. It aims to leave students with the knowledge of 
Chinese history, supplemented by an awareness of the major transitions in the 
character of Chinese civilization. Anthony J(aae visiting assistant professor (Ph.D. 
University of Michigan) specializes in modem Chinese history. 
MWF Lecture, 11 :00-11 :50, HSS 1106 

UBERAI. ARTS MAJORS-AN EXCITING NEW CAREER OPTION 

The 
Legal Assistant 
The role of the legal paraprofessional has risen 
to a new level of importance in recent years, 
Under the supervision of attorneys. legal assist-
ants do research. work with clients. prepdrt: 
briefs. and write legal correspondence. using 
many of the skills you 're learning in college, 
This fall. UCSD Extension announces a new 
series of courses. leading to a certificate. that 
train you to enter or advance in the paralegal 
tield. A baccalaureate degree in a liberal arts 
field is excellent preparation for this program. 
for further information. phone 452-2320. or clip 
and mail coupon below. 

I'led~ ,end me your brochure 011 The Le~ -'"blctnt l'ul!Ir.lm. 

Mdre\\ __ _ 
City ____ ~tdtc ___ Lip __ 

l'I~iI 10: I'I1'II U(~D [xll'n,;,"" X·(J(II Unill'r,Uv III l.oIihlf1li~. 

How is it done?? 

PRECISION 
HAIRCUTS 

for mea. womea 
Wit. ,_ C_"._ ollly_ 
Offer expira 9/27/83. 

737 Pearl 456-1170 
La Jolla 456-1815 
-----------------T--------~----------~ $10 PRECISION: PERM $29.50 HAIRCUT I Long Hair Extra. 

~--------------------for mea. womea I 
Shampoo, condition, cut. : MANIC URE $5 

(Blowdry nol included.) 

IMPORTANT 
NOnCE 

The Mathematics Department regrets 
that some students will have to be 
turned away from enrollment in lower 
division dasses in Fall '1983 due to 
budgetary restrictions. A" affected 
students should have their name entered 
on the waiting list at the departmental 
Add/Drop Center, 1882 AP&M, in the 
first four days of classes. These students 
will be assured enrollment in Winter 
1984. 



.. 

.. t~ .. 

Have A " Cheap Date~~~ 
( 

FEED YOUR DATE 
FOKABUCK: 

DAII4Y SPECIALS 
inclltdc Sltcll fcatltrCS as: 

Bl1Y one "Daily Special" fC)I- only ~2.99 and 
gd thc second "Daily Special" fC)1- only 
~ 1.00 with this coupon and your l TCSh 1.1>. 

Lilllit 011\.' \x.'r IX.'I'SCIIl .• \01 good '(II ' Tak~.'-( )111. 

Shanghai ('hkl,cn 
BB() Pork ){ih 
S\\'~~t/Sc)llr ) 'C)r1, . 
('lilT\' ('hk'),CIl 

Lcmoll Chit'l,clI 
('hid,~'n Egg 1"00 YonI-{ 

~)oo-Shi Becf 
BnK.'coli Bcd' 

Expi n .'s ( h:1 ohl: r I~, H)Ha. &: ~Iorc 

. ' l OITJI ~1 •• S'I~ I~·I~NSI'''': 141TN~IIIS •• ~TLr "~.99 
I.L'~I~lt SI·I~(~L\LfIj ~\V~ULUIU~ ~UTt:115:"O I •••••• 

Between Bulioch:s and ~Ia~' Co.; 
~Iall Ent nllll.'C, Lowcr 1A:\'d 
"'dll!lJtt a Illk&: IIid&: ~~,,'a~,r 

.-'.c, •• e 457-4050 
.\lllIula.\ 1111'11 Fricla~ : 10:00 aliI 10 !J:OO JlIII : S.lllInlil~ : IO~J(J illll In 0 :00 JlIII: SlIlIdil\': .\1 H III 10 :;:041 11111 

BACK TO SCHOOL SPECIAL! 
I 

£ - ==--~.~. 
CORDURA MT. ST. H·ELENS PACK 

Assorted Colors 
Regular Price $27,50 
SPECIAL $16.95 

CORDURA MT. ST. HELENS PACK 
With Leather Bottom Assorted Colors 

Regular Price $35.50 
SPECIAL $21.95 

Special Price AvaiJable 

J 

/ 
, 

.~ . 

. LJC:!Ei1::J "" 

,-~--~' -' .---. -------~ 

During the Month Of SEPTEMBER 
UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE 

Q-008 UCSD La Jolla, California 
Open Monday thru Friday 8:00 am - 4:45 pm 

Open Saturdays 10:00 am - 4:00 pm 
Extended Hours During Rush ( 

UCSD's 
By JEFF EASTER 
Editor's Note: In Fear and Loathing in 
Las Vegas, Hunter S. Thompson wrOle 
about the remnants oj the 1960 's drug 
culture and the twisted, demented reality 
that resulted from that culture. Much oj the 
mentality that Jostered the 60's drug culture 
has Jaded (large!>, dut to the increasing 
popularity oj video games). However, there 
remain some vestiges oj the drug culture, 
even here at UCSD. In this nightmarish 
recount oj a desperate evening. Jeff Easter 
explores UCSD's "bong-hit culture." 

It is 11 :30 on a Monday night, and I 
am beginning to bum on 
electromagnetic constipation in 
quaternary level transpon RNA strucrure, 
The lights in HL glare down on me like 
the desen sun over the Kalahari . My 
mouth is devoid of moisture, my 
stomach bubbling with indigestion. 
Vague, amorphous words and leners 
leap off the page, throttling my throar 
and strangling me piteously. There can 
be only one solution. There is only one 
way out. I need a bong hit. 

Scurrying back to my hovel, like a 
startled cocKroach fitting a heavy boot, 
I search cksperately through the trash 
that litters my room. My hands are 
trembling and I drool helplessly. SnC( 
channels down my upper lip and drips 
peacefully onto the fioor. Where is that 
magic baggie! 1 begin to moan and 
howl. The rears of self-pity gush from 
my bloodshot eyes. I coUapse into a 
helpless pile on the floor. Wait! I can 
smeD it. It is here , somewhere, buried 
under the debris. FinaDy, after a frantic 
search, I find my prize, hidden under 
moldy socks and ronen apple cores. You 
cannot imagine the emotions that 
overwhelm me. It IS like orgasm 
intensified ten times over. A euphoric 
~ngling weDs tip from my feet and 
slowly engulfs my whole body. Laughing 
hysterically, ) faD to the ground, 
trembling like a drowned rat and 
clutching my baggie to my breast with 
the grip of a thousand vises. Snowy 

"Bong-hit" culture 

white foam spurts from my gaping 
mouth as ) roll deliriously amid the 
trash. I'm going to get stoned! I'm going 
to get Sloned! I'm going to get stoned! 

) cautiously make my way to Frirz's 
house. Frirz has the magic bong which 
is vital to my ritual. My mind is racing: 
searching for a devious scheme to deny 

YOU COULD 

Fritz my weed while SImultaneously 
finagling the bong out of his clutchcs. 
But Fnrz is clever, and he can smell 
bong hits from miles away. I tap 
hesitantly on his door, (rembling in 
anticiparion of the impending 
confrontation. Frirz opens the door. His 
long, unkempt hair wafts in the clammy 

WIN A NEW fOlD MUSTANG CONVUIIIlL 
\>1s1t your nearest partk:ipati~ 8eIIrhoneCenter and enter 
the Bell rhoneCenter laI<'s Cheap sweepstakes.. 'full 
could win a new FORD MUSTANG CONVERnBLl an 
Apple lie computer. a Kenwood stereo CornpOI lei It system 
or a 3-a1bum record collection. No necessary. 

breeze. His glassy, bloodshot eyes survey 
me. He snons in contempt. 

"What the hell do you want?" 
) begin to snivel and whine. ) attempt 

10 control my shaking, but it is hopeless . 
) manage to speak in a squeaky nasal 
lOne, stutering like a babbling idiot. 

"Hey, F-F-F-Fritz. Wh-Wh-What's 
up?" 

Frirz laughs at my feeble attempt at 
communicallon. 

") said, what the hell do you want, 
scumbucket!" . 

He puts the emphaSiS on scum. 
"C-C-Can I, b-b-b-borrow your, b-b-b-

bong?" 
I blurt this out in a feeble whimper. 

Frirz laughs raucously. ) can smeD the 
stale cigarenes on his breath. 

"TeD you what, scumbucket. You give 
me some major bowls, and J1llet you 
have a hit or two off my bong: 

My heart sinks in despir. My shaking 
increases. Frirz has realized I have 
wttd. I try 10 lie, but it is unconvincing 
because of my idiotic stuttering. 

"8-8-8-But, F-F-F-Frirz, ) d-d-d-don't 
have any w-w-w-weed : '. 

Fritz glares at me with a look of 
hatred and contempt.· 1 stare at the 
ground , trying to hold back the tears of 
self-pity. ) cannot meet eyes with such a 
broiling anack upon my self-worth . Yet) 
cannot leave , for the bong within holds 
sanctuary for my ravaged psyche. Frirz 
yells at me in a stem, fatherly voice. 

"Bullshlt, scumbuckct. Hand it over. 
Now! 

) tell rpyself no, but my hand 
immediately grasps the plump baggie. ) 
am shaking so much that) fumble the 
baggic . It drops on the cold concrete, 
the red , resinated buds spilling 
haphazardly on the ground . For the first 
time, Fnrz speaks with a sympathetic 
tone. 

tum to 28 

UCSD Students and Staff 
are welcome at the 

La Jolla 
Assemb~ of God 

648 Genter St. 
459-5666 or 455-1264 

Steve Asmuth, Pastor 

Sunday Bible Study, 9:45 a.m . 
. Sunday Worship, 10:50 a.m. 

Presenting "His Stubborn l..ovt," 
J"Yce Landorf Film Series 

Oct. 2, 9, 16, 23, 30, Nov. 6 
at 7:30 p,m. 

~()MI""f7 
• "~.~TI()""I \ 1 

Introductory Special 
wilh 11,;& ad o,dy 

$12 Haircuts for students 
",illt StI"dy. j"",ir or CIt"r",,,i,,e 

regularly $22 (women) 
$19 (men) 

8950 Villa La Jolla Dr. 
Suite 1122 

La Jolla, Ca. 92037 
9/ 28/ 83. 



_t- ._ 

--

,. 

28 St:pcclIli'<:' 20, 1983 
" .. 

0(> •• ~ , ;.; • ~-:;: ,.,- ,0,. • 

Take Charp At D. 
•• 
.... 

In most jobs, at 22 care of sophisticated 
you're near the bottom equipment worth 
of the ladder. millions of dollars. 

In the Navy, at It's a bigger chal-
22 you can be a leader. lenge and a lot more 
After just 16 weeks responsibility than 
of leadership training, most corporations give 
you're an officer. You'll you at 22. The rewards 
have the kind of job are bigger, too. There's 
your education and training a package of benefits, 
you for, and the decision·making au· including special duty pay. The starting 
thority you need to make the most of it. salary is $17,OOO-more than most com-

As a college graduate and officer panies would pay you right out of college. 
candidate, your Navy training is geared After four years, with regular promo-
to making you a leader. There is no boot tions and pay increases, your salary will 
camp. Instead, you receive professional have increased to as much as t31,OOO. 
training to help you build the technical As a Navy officer, you grow, through 
and management skills you'll need as a - new challenges, new tests of your skills, 
Navy officer. r - - - - - - - - - - - and new opportunities 

Th NAVY OPPORTUNITY W 341 1 is training is I INFORMATION CENTER I to advance your edu· 
designed to instill po. Box 5000, Clifton, NJ 07015 cation, including the 
confidence by first· I 0 I 'm ready to take charge. 'leU me more about I possibility of attending 

the Navy's officer programs. (00) 
hand experience. You I Name I graduate school while 
learn by doing, On I ., .. , (Pl .... Prinll L .. , I you're in the Navy. Address Apt. "'1 __ _ 
your first sea tour, I City SLate Zip---- I Don't just take a 
you're responsible for I Age tCollegefUniversity I job. Become a Navy 
managing the work of *V •• r ,n College . GPA officer, and take charge. 
up to 30 men and the I .. Major/ M,nor I Even at 22. 

I Phone Number tAnI"a Cod,. , Best Time to Call I 
I Th,. i. for gtner.1 Tl"Cnlltm~nt.ln(orm.tlon . You do nOl have to lu .... I nlsh any of lht' Infor~tlon r~uelted Of courM. t.he mo,.. .. e kno ... . t~ mo~ we can help 1.0 determine t.he kind. of Navy p.oai-L = f::h::':O:::l::' ______ J 

Navy Officers 
Get Respollsilli1ity Fast. 

"Bong -hit" culture 
contin ued from 27 '" 

"Jesus Christ, you're an idiot." 
I am reassured by his friendly tone, 

.otnd I scoop the buds back into the 
baggie. 

"S-S-Sony, F·F· Fritz." 
Fritz grabs the buds from my hands. 
"C'mon, let's tp get S1oned." 
Thnc words clear my head. I pick 

myself up and boldly S1ride into the 
room. 

Fritz has packed a killer bowl. 1 shake 
in anticipation. My mouth Hils with 
saliva. and 1 lick my chops like a 
scarvi", cur. FrilZ chuckles and glances 
at !'IX with a look of self-assurance. 

"This QIX's mine. man." 
He says this in a barely audible 

monocone, 
"O-K-K·K·K." 

' I walCh in fascination as FriIZ lights 
up. The bud glows red, and I can hear 
the fast gurgle of the smoke ~Iing up 
through the bong water. FrilZ's eyes 
close. His face is tense as he draws the 
smoke into his lungs. The remaining 
ash suddenly disaPlXars into the guDet 
of the bong. He dusted the bowl in one 
hit. 1 blun out in a lOne of giddy 
reslXct. 

"That was cool, F-FrilZ." 
Fritz laughs. Clouds of gray smoke 

envelolX his face. 
"Nothin' to it, man. Your rum: 
Fritz loads a huge bowl. 1 stare al him 

in horrific disbelief. 1 manage to 
whimper. 

"I don't know F·F·Fritz. I d·don't 
know if I can d·d·do it: 

Fritz looks at me, his nonnaDy narrow 
eyes opening wide. 

"00 it, Pussy." 
I feebly grasp the bong. Fritz lights 

the weed as I strain for a hit. The luke· 
wann smoke rushes down my throat, 
scorching my lungs all the way, My eyes 
water. I am tonured. My lungs bum and. 
fry like lard over a flame. But I can't let 
it out. My self-wonh is at stake. Finally, 
the pain is tOO much. Hacking and 
choking for air, I am hidden in a cloud 
of gray smoke. Eventually, oxygen makes 
its way through the dense cloud , anti I 
regain control over my ravaged lungs. 
Fritz is looking at me as if I were a 
puddle of fresh puke, but he refrains 
from comment. 

I am walking home, stoned out of my 
mind. I think about tomorrow. I think 
about yesterday. It seems so funny that I 
wony myself over such S1upid trilles. 1 
remember that I forgot my bag of weed 
at Fritz's. I consider going back, but the 
prospect of facing Fritz scares the hell 
out of me. I guess it doesn't reaDy make 
a difference anyway. I hope I can make 
it home in time to catch the Twilighl 
zo~. 

----------------------------------. 

FILM 
DEVELOPING 

SPECIAL 

~-,~~eed ~&a.aa'· 
O\Ja'\t.Y 

12 Exposure ............ 51.99 
15 Exposure Disc ........ 52.99 
24 Exposure ............ 53.89 
36 Exposure ............ 55.99 

Offer good 
through 
9-30-0. 

• liD, 125, 135 and Disc, C-41 process only. 
• Except weekends and holidays. 

UNIVERSllY BOOKSTORE 
o-ooe 

University of California, San Diego 
La Jolla, Ca. 92093 

Computer/ElectronICs Department 
Phone: 452-4291 

Monday-Friday 
8:00am-4:45pm 

Saturday 
IQam-4:00pm 

SPAGHETII! I 
ALL YOU CA'N EAT! 

$2.50 
Mondays: 3:00 pm til close 

r------------------------------1 UCSD Special l l FREE Pitcher of Beer with any large Pizza l 
I with this ad 1 
-------------------------------

Open for Breakfast at 7:00 am 
Phone Ahead 452 .. 0661 All Items Available To Go! 

Hours: 7 am • 9 pm daily, 7 am • 11 pm Friday &. Saturday 

~945 V.we, "" •• In\'<', l 'lI lv~r"t)' City , S.,f,·way ShOrrlllM C~n t,'r 

-------------------------- .... 111 

5cpc embcr 20, 1983 29 
*'" • • ~ ~ ••• " .;-? '/? • N ::., ~ • , •••• -0-"..- •• ~. /,.; r '/;"*~.":u ... ' • . ,. . ..- ~. '., ~', n, / ;-. ,... ~ . . ,z·-w. 

Straight On 
ply imagination 
doesn't rumble 

by julie steulpnagel 

like it used to 
empty stomach 

to be filled 
.. , ,-

into the wind 

reason 
rain clouds 
same time 

way 

Are you looking for that part-time job you can keep during the 
school year? 
DO fOCIlMNT 70: Make Money? Be Your Own Boss? 

Become Computer Capable? 
• Join the EKOS family of independ-

ent sales representatives! 
• No prior experience necessary. We 

train you on computers, and in how to 
setl and teach home computers to 
consumers. 

FOA INFOAMAnON CALL EKDSN 486-0402 14280 O.rden ROIId. Suite 148 
Pow. , CA 12084 

THE 8.ST SHOWS .N 10WN 
ARE AT VIDEO GALL.RTI 

~ 100's of btles to choose from ,o.~ Rent I Video Recorder ~ 
Dr. DeIfOIt for $9.90 per night , ~ ~ $3.00 per movie with recorder rental 

'(f'I' 'Three tree movie rentals given j'O neIN Club members 
• Man-Wed Club Members receive two for the price a one 

• Full Line of Video Recorders, Cameras & Accessones 
. 

!!Be a 
-Guardian staff writers rank 

. among the highest paid in the 
V.C. system. 
-At The Guardian, ded' 
writers will have the 0 
to attain the distinq 
position of con 
-For new staff 
a mandatol)' 
five articles 
column' 
work will 
-The 
. Friday 
More 
-w 

QUALITY MOTORING 
ACCESSORIES 

lEAR ._DOW 
LOUVRES 

CAR COVERS 
I' ~ If I " ,\'1' ~ 

, iIiIIii i&I!! 

EUIIP£AI LIGHTING r -.-. 

~ IEAVY DUll SHOCKS 
STEERING WHEELS · BOOKS · EXHAUST SYSTEMS 

PERFORMANCE . It'ORLD 
MQAY ... -7160 Miramar Road 

5'78-7011-next to McDonald's 
SANDJEG0.3550 University Ave, 

214-1109-3 blocks east of 805 

SpecIal Discount tlr Sludenll/Stalf/Facully at ucso 
With TIUIAd 

bptNI5eptember 39, 1983 

WORKSTUDY 
STUDENTS 
WANTED! 

The Library needs student 
employees with work/study! 

Work/study jobs are available in 
the Central Library and all 

branches. Call 452-3063 or come 
in to the Library Personnel Office 

(2nd floor, Central Library). 
--



'--

.. 

Student Identification Cards 
Official UCSD photo-identification cards will be issued for 
first time begining Fall Quarter, 1983. For this quarter only, 
both a paper ID card and the permanent encoded photo-ID 
will be used; paper ID cards wi1l no longer be issued after 
this quarter. Access to campus libraries and other University 
services will be facilitated through use of the photo-ID card. 

. 

The original card will be issued free and has been 
designed to last throughout your stay at the University. Lost 
or mutilated cards may be replaced for $10; name or 
appearance changes will require a $5 fee. 

Applications are currently available at the following 
locations: Registrar's office, Cashier's office, Parking office, 
and all college Provost's offices. To obtain your permanent ID 
card, first pay your registration fees; then bring the 
registration card from the fee statement, validated by the 
Cashier, along with you completed application form to: 

Quonset 324 Warren Campus 
(on Russel Drive, east of the Cashier's office) 

Hours of operation: 
Monday through Friday, September 19 - October 14 

8:30 am to 4:00 pm 
Saturday, September 24 

9:00 am to 4:00 pm 

Road Trips Road Trips Road Trips 
Things to do and see away from UCSD 

La Jolla 
La jolla is not only the site of UC San 

Diew:>. it is also a community of 
exquisite beauty, posh restaurants and 
hotels. miUion doBar homes, an gaDeries, 
and miles of beaches. The Beverly Hills 
of San Diego, La jolla offers an array of 
things to do and see for the rich and 
for the student alike. 
THINGS TO SEE: 
La Jolla Cove. Here is one of the most 
scenic spots in California. The cove is a 
wind and water·hewn natural cove 
popular for swimming and diving. There 
is a park area there, as weD. with grass 
and large trees. ExceDent for picnics, 
bathing. or tanning. 
BIadt'. ksch. This is one of California's 
most controversial, and beautiful, 
beaches. Because of its very secluded 
location, Black's Beach had been the 
mecca for bathers who preferred 
swimming in their birthday suits, rather 
than in their swimming suits. Bowing to 
the popularity of the beach (often 
thousands of nude bathers crowded the 
beach in the summers), the City of San 
Diego, which has jUrisdiction over La 
Jolla, decided to declare the beach an 
official Swim Suit Optional Beach. A few 
years later, in early 1977, the voters in 
San Diego decided to strip (pardon the 
pun) the beach of its special status and 
thereby declared nudity illegal, this 
foDowing a heated petition drive 
opposing nudity. OfficiaUy, nudity is 
prohibited, and if you're caught with 
your pants down , you wiD be issued a 
misdemeanor citation by the city park 

people, who sometimes roam the beach. 
However, this has hardly phased the 
nude bathers. who would ramer grin 
and bear it (ugh). You will stiD see 
hundreds and thousands of nude 
bathers at Black's. You can get to the 
beach by walking down the Black's 
Beach road, off of lajolla Farms Drive, 
Or you can walk down the cliff dirt path 
adjacent to the Glider POrt. 
Scripp's Aquarium. Located at SIO, the 
Aquarium is an exceUent place to /?p for 
viewing the ocean's inhabitants. Twenty-
two tanks exhibit local and tropical 
aquatic life. Specimens include sharks, 
crabs, crustacea, and eels. There is no 
charge for admission. A unique feature 
at the Aquarium is a television camera 
monitor hookup, which provides the 
viewer with a ~ve TV picture of how the 
ocean bottom looks at rhe end of the 
Scripps Pier, at the boaom of which the 
camera is positioned. 

Balboa Park 
If there could be only one place you 

could visit while you were at UCSD, that 
place would have to be Balboa Park, San 
Diego's greatest and most beautiful park. 
It is there that music lovers, an 
enthUSiasts, scientists, hobbyists, 
horticulturalists , naturalists, theater-
goers, people-watchers, and lovers aD 
congregate. No other city, except for 
Washington D.C., has so much culture, 
beauty and sites concentrated in one 
relatively smaU area. While larger than 
New York's Central Park. Balboa Park's 
main aaractions are within easy walking 
distances of one anorher. 

THINGS TO SEE: 
Fiar Ads GaIkry, While hardly the 
Louvre, or even the Los Angeles County 
Museum of Art, the Fine Arts GaUety has 
a good coDection of representative art 
from most major an periods. There is a 
large coRection of early Renaissance, 
American, Asian, and Gennan 
expressionist works. There is also the 
regular complement of Impressionist, 
post-ImpressioniS!, cubist and more 
recent pieces. While the coDection is 
not large in terms of styles, there are a 
/?pod number of paintings and 
sculptures at the GaDery. There are 
always interesting temporary exhIbits 
which are worth seeing. Admission is 
free, although donations are requested. 

San Diego Zoo 
San Diego's most famous landmark is 

the Zoo. 

Mission Bay 
The world's largest aquatic man-made 

park is right in San Diego, jUst 10 
minutes from UCSD. Mission Bay wasn't 
even a bay 20 years ago. AClUaUy, It was 
a foul-smeUing slough, home for Junked 
tires, beer cans, and other garbage. 

It's amazing what $60 million can do. 
Today, Mission Bay is a 4,600 acre 
water wonderland, to use an old cliche. 
But that's exactly what it is. If it can be 
done on water, Mission Bay is the place 
to do it After 20 years of development 
by the City of San DIegO, MIssion Bay 
has become the hub for swimming, 

fishing, power boating and especiaDy 
sailing. Even UCSD has goaen into the 
act by opening its Aquatic Center on 
Mission Bay. That Center is open to aU 
UCSD students who are enrolled in a 
Phys. Ed. class utilizing ~ission Bay. 

T~juana and Mexico 
Tijuana is the underage drinker's 

paradise. A haven for the leather, 
ornamental iron, and cheap alcohol 
consumer, Tijuana is the epitome of the 
tacky Mexican town , providing UCSD 
students the opponunity to shop in 
what is basically the largest K·Man 
known to man. Seriously, incredible 
bargains are available in Tijuana, and, 
with proper respect for Mexican laws 
concerning drug use, students can have 
a great time cavorting among Mexican 
bars on weekend afternoons. 

Besides Tijuana, Mexico has its share 
of towns which are less inftuenced by 
US consumers. In general, the farther 
south one goes, the less like the United 
States Mexico becomes. Ensenada is one 
of the more popular and more 
accessible road trips among UCSD 
students. Only an 80 minute drive from 
school, Ensenada combines a peaceful 
elegance with sandy beaches and cheap 
lobster dinners. The drive down is an 
easy one via a toll road that is generaUy 
well-maintained and the result is weU 
worth the effolt. 

In clOSing, if you're reaDy after the 
genuine flavor of Mexico, simply drive 
another 20 or so hours farther south 
until you reach La Paz. 

~/tcr([ture cRJ)epd'rtmcnt 
, 

ltt/ En 13OA'Modrrn Brilish lilrrature: D.H. lawrence 
Tu· Th, 1-2.20, HSS 2305 - course code 6223 
Instructor: Chris Norris 

Coming to terms wuh D.H. uwrence is a taSk that has 
preoccupied a great many people since his death In 
19JO. The Claims put fonh in his behalf have outraged 
some of them, while seemingly perfectly just to others. 
Lawrencians have done pitched·battle with ami· 
Lawrencians, convrns with lapsed convens. apostles with 
apost3le apostles. etc. We11 br looking imo the sources of 
the old pitched.bank, wr1l see to what extem and In 
what terms (new/old/none at all) it commands our 
imerest, and well son OUI as beSt we can whal is living 
from what is drlld In Lawrence's work. Readings in the 
Slories, poems, novels, essays, travel pieces. 

lit/ En 187 IIKk MIliic/BIaI:k Texts: Communication and 
Cullural Expralioa 
Tu·Th, 11:30-12:50, HSS 1106 - course code 6228 
Instructor: 8ram D~kstra 

In Africa, as well as in the Nrw World commumties 
whose cultural impulse derives largely from Africa, music 
has always been a significam means of SOCial and 
polilical st3lemeOl: Black mUSK IS a music of direct 
statemeOl. integrating social text and IOl1al organization. 
In thiS couro;e wr ,hall explore the function of Black 
Musil' as both a vehicle of localized community 
('xprc,slon Jnd ,1 means 01 InICrn,lIlnnm communlc.J tlt)1l 
among t he people, nl Alne.I, Ihe C.uinocan ,md the 
Unl[cd S(.lte> We ,h.,11 ftKu, e'pe.:mlly on the SOCII)· 
polinc.!1 content .,1 COnlCmp.,r.II)' lorm, 01 muslc.,1 
expre"lt1n m Allilii. on Blucs ,lilt! J.J~z and on the mu,lc 
01 J.IlTI,ll(.1 VIII' ,h,11I glw spc(I,ll .ltIention to Ihe lIl.mOl'r 
111 "llIth tht, tradlllolls 01 Alnl,In lIluSll,;,ll'xpre"lnn 
h,l~c 11l111L'd 1\l[h " II Ide range III UlnICmpOrilr}' InnUenlCS 
In regg,Ie , II' lorm .1 ne.lrI}' unll·,'!'>,,1 I,mguagc of 
UH1tl"t,nol) SCIll111ll'n1 ,unong (he pCllpleo; 01 the I hlrd 
W"r1d 

llt/Gen 148 Thr Modem llalian N.mti~ Film &: Trill 
MWF, 2-2:50, APM 231) - course code 6315 
Instructor: Jon Snyder 

Thr aim of the course is to study the translation of a 
narrauve text imo a moving piCture, We will first read a 
senrs of bnef critical essays from many different 
coumrics on the poetics and semiOllcs of narrat ive (both 
Utrrary and Cinematic). We will then procred to the close 
examin'libn of several major novel/ film pairs, including 
\\Orks by Verga, Viscomi, Lamprdusa, etc. AD readings 
wiD br in English, and all films will be subtitled In 
En;ish and shown dunng the scheduled lab period. No 
knowledge of Italian is required, and thrre are no other 
prerequisites. 

Othrr Genmal literalure Cou~ thaI may be of inlrresc 
Lit /Gen 159 Popular Literalure: Thr Drtrclivr Novel 
Tu , 6-8'50, HSS 1330 - course code 6322 
Instructor: Ernest Larson 

Lu/Gen 161 Thr FOI1115 of FoI~: Gennan Folklale 
(cross listed with Llt /Ger 161 ) 
Tu·Th, 2:30·3.50, TLH 110 -- course code 6323 
Instructor: Martm Wierschin 

Lii/ Gen 163 Children's lilEraturr 
MWF, 1-1 :50, TLH 104 - course code 8292 
Instructor: Glenn Sadler 

Lu/Gen 190 Rrsean:h Mrthods in Children's Literature 
MW, 2·3:50. TLH IlO - course code 8351 
Instructor: Glenn Sadler 

NEW COURSES 

Lit/Spanish 140 Spanish-American Novrl 
MWF. lO-10:50. TlH 110 - course code 6417 
Instructor: Jose Amezcua-Gomez 

Lu/Wmlng 120 Prrsonal Narrativr 
Tu·Th . 830-9')0. TEH 702 - coursc code 6464 
Instructor ScIrla Austin 

CANCEL ltD COURS~ 

Lit (,rn 1-f6 . Lum AmerIe<In LltCr.ltlire In Tran,l,ltlon 
Lit 'p I ~ I - SpJl11sh AmCrIl.ln Poetl)' 
Lit Wn LO,) · Dram,ltll: Wrlllng 



ONE DAY 
PHOTOFINISHING 
For original Rolls (C·41 process ASA 
100,400 and 1000 films) 110,126, Disc 
and 135mm color film left for 
developing and print of one print from 
each negative. 

I!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! UC San Dieso Speaken' Forum!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
present. 

COLORPR NTS 
standard 

SIze ¢ each plus developing 
Reprints slightly higher 
• Color Prints 24 exposure ....... .... ..... $4.09 
• Super 8 or Regular 8 Movies 50' ......... $1.35 
• 5 x 7 Color Enlargement . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. 89¢ 
• 8 x 10 Color Enlargement ..... ....... ... $2.49 
• Color Reprints (standard size) . . . . . . . . . . .. 16¢ 

Lowest Prices on Campus Year-Round 
General Store 

452-3932 
(south side of Student Center) 

Open Extra Hours first 3 days of classes 
Sept. 26-28 8:00-8:00 

Regular Hours: M·F 9:30·5:00 

DIAN rOSSEY 
"The Life & Threats to the Survival 

of the 
Mountain Gorilla" 

Dr. foaKybqlnhaIUlyIftllKIMuw_ ...... of ............. _-.-a.,... ....... 
the II'*W&ce of the .. Dr. ""'* B. LaIaIy. Her ...... "--Il <AnIIr ........ ~af 

~JII'D"Ida ... ilib" .......... _of_·scll.alMW ........ _ ...... __ ........ 
'-tt.nclecln.IedIintz ... ~lnll102. Today .............. ' • af---. .... 
at 240,Ihcy_ tpeda ... ....., __ ........ du&~1IGIIl ... • ........... 

"-cenlUly. 
Dr """-v's '" wIG be..., -.-...s ... sIIdes..t .. iIduIk ............ _ ...... 

September 29, Thunda" 8:00 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 

G.A. $5.00, St.lSr. Citizen $3.50 
(all seats re5L'TtJCd) 

UCSD Boll Office: 45Z--4559 01' -452-4090 
produced bv the University EVf:Ilb Office ift ~","'iii 

&iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii __ with the L.S.B. Leakey F ... ndatiaD. 'iiiii-!lllJiIiliil18 

H ewlett~ Packard Calculators .. 
at the General Store Co-op 

Top Quality plus Discount Prices 
Lowest Prices on Campus Year-Round 

Suggested Co-op 
Retail Prices 

HP 10C $70.00 $57.00 
HP 11C 90.00 73.00 
HP 12C 120.00 98.00 
HP 15C 120.00 98.00 
HP 16C 120.00 98.00 
HP 41C 195.00 159.00 
HP 41CV 275.00 219.00 
Card Reader 195.00 163.00 
Optical Wand 125.00 102.00 
Application Pacs 30.00 25.13 

Open extra hours first 3 days of classes 

• 

Monday, Sept. 26 through Wednesday, Sept. 28 8 am to 8 pm 
Regular Hours: M-F 9:30 to 5 pm 

-452-39321'--
Located on the south side of the Student Center. 



.. 

Music Department Highlights 
1983-84 

Everything you wanted to know about music ... but were afraid to hear 
GENERAL EDUCATION MUSIC COURSES:...· ------,----_______________ _ 
The bDowing courses offered by the Music Department wiD sarisfycollege fine ans requimnmts. Nonr ~iR prior musiall educaaon or cxpalma. 

Music JA8C - MusK .. UtmIC:)' 
A practical introduction to the fundamentals 
of music (chords, scales, rhythm , 
transcription. keys, etc.) for the non-major. 
(leonard Payton , FaD. Winter, Sprinal. 

Music" - The fJemmts of Musk 
This course is planned as the introducrory 
offering of the sequence Music 4+6+6. 
Students will examine the basic clements that 
are used in all musIC: rhythm , melody, 
harmon)" et . Musical construction Will be 
studied a5 I( applies to the European Classical 
[radmon , j<lZZ, contemporary mUSIC , rock'n'roll, 
and the non-Western traduions of Africa and 
Asia. Be prepared for it 101 of IIstemng. 
reading and thinking. (Professor Lytle , Fall) 

Music , - nr N~ of .... nn..,r. 
PaJddplldoti 

This cou~ presents music through acti~ 
participation in the mUSic-making process 
from the point of view of the composer. the 
performer, the conductor, the producer, and 
the; critic. (Professor Harkins, faD; Professor 
Silber. WinIIer). May be taken rwice lOr credit. 

MIISie 6 -MIISkGI MIIsterworis: PopdIr ~ 
.... 

This quarter course wiD study the 
development of popular music of Americans 
from the colonial period to the presenl 
Reading and listening aSSignments wi. c~r 
regional. ethnic and religious peculiarities that 
aided in the development of a particular, and 
uniquely, American musical form. Special 
,mennon Will be given to music in the 
Colonies, Popular music of the wars. ReligiOUS 
musIC. Blues. Jazz and rock'n 'roIl. The cou~ 
Will srudy major figures and their work as 
examples of their period and genre. (Professor 
Lytle with Professor Balzano, Willlrr). 

~7"""'Sdau_C.I'_ 
This coune wiI ~ a detailed 
examinllCion 01 W eYft'~xpMdinc illteAlCOon 
between 1eChnoloBY and 1IaISic. Tl1IdidolUll 
and conlmlporuy musiaIl resouaas wil be 
compaRd and viewed as means ro produce. 
auplenr. IIld dlsseminatr musical expression. 
(Profasor Moore, stnI). 

MIIIk 6 • MacIII H 2 _ ... M 2 ....... 11/ 
Opn 

leam about opera. the pat hybrid of IftI5ic 
and drama. Fiw operas wiU Ix COYtred in 
ckplh and four films of opera will be VJCWftJ. 
From the 1642 opera of Monteverdi 
"l1ncoronazione di Poppea" to 1925's 
·Wozzeck" by Alban Berg. Musical. historical. 
social and cultural curreras will Ix Sludicd. 
listening labs wiD hdp )"OU to !ram the music. 
(Professor Plantamura. SpriDK). 

BLACK MUSIC AND ETHNIC STVDlES---~---------_:__-..!-..-----------_ 

Mllsic J J - FoIlr lind POJJ!Ilar Maiaut lind ChicallO Musk 
A course on Mexican Music, all geographic regions, and Chicano Music of the 
U.S. Both folk and popular music ~i11 be covered through lectures, films, and 
performance actiVity. Students may enroll in the lecture portion of the course 
and one of the performance groups , either the choral or instrumental group 
(d rums, rattles, marimba. guitar, etc.) for 4 units, or choose juSi to participate 
in one of the performance groups for 2 units. A student concen wiD be 
presented on campus at the end of the quarter. (Professor Estrada, Winter). 

Music 126 - Introduction to Oral Music 
An Introduclory ('OursI' In the study of oral musIC in Western and Non-
Western cultures With particular emphaSIS on the Impact of oral transmiSSion 
of Ideas and customs, and [he nature of improvisation in vanous Indigenous 
cultures. MUSIC to be .studied Includes Afro-American, African. Asian and 
Oceanian Presentations by distinguished visiting artISts demonstrating aspects 
of their native musical crafts will be Ineluded (Professor Cheatham, Fall) 

Muk III " W.., MIl*: MIdk of UdR A-a 
This course escabIislies an hisroric oveIView ollhe ausic of I..aIin America. 
divided 'into five ..... periods: ~-CoIumbian.. CoIanW. l~ unlUlY. 
Nationalist. and c.orumpoaIlY. The ... two periods. anbmcinc the twendedt 
century, will lab on die locus of Interat oldie COline duou&b .. 
examination oC the works and thought of the composers invoMd. and or die 
dl~~ problems of Laun ~rican musical idenrlly since the achtau 01 
nationalism. The course wit also seek to anaIyzie principles of musical 
struCture in selKlIed worIcs of major contemporary composers. especialy in 
the face of a constantly changing vocabulary of methods, means, and ,media in 
the contemporary scene. (Professor Estrada, ...,. 
Mllsic J21AB - Mllsic of IIrd AJMriaIns 
The first quarter of this course will inveSligate the vocal music of Black 
American culture, primarily the development of the Spiritual and the Blues 
traditions. The second quarter will criticaDy study the hiswry of Jazz in 
America. (Professor Cheatham, W ..... and Sprina). Prerequisite: Music 126 or 
consent of Instructor. Music 127 A lOr 127B. 

OTHER UPPER DIVISION COURSES IN MUSIC LITERATURE.-------'----------''--------_---,._ 

Music IIJ - Studies in Opmr 
A survey of opera from its inception to the 20th century in lectures. films, and 
recordings. PrerequiSite: MusIC 4+4+6, Music 22ABC or consent of instructor, 
(Professor Plantamura, FaD). 

MIISie 123 - n.e 0n:It0em. _ l .. lJtaaQI~ 
A Slooy of the i~ts of the orchestra: their resources; toruli efTccrs; their 
use by major composers; methods of wr!nng lOr modem instr\Jlncnl5; analysis 
of representanve scores. Prerequisite: Music .. ~. Music 22ABC or consent 
of instructOr. (Professor Nee, Wa-r). 

PERFORMANCE OPPORTVNITlES------------~---------......... -------
.. , 

The follOWing performance ensembles (Music 95) are open b)' audition to aU UCSD students, staff and faculty: 

95A 
95C 
950 
95E 
9'5G 
95J 
95L 

S)'l1lph'lI1}' OrcheStr,1 
C" I1l'l'rt Cll(lir 
:')'Il1 ph'lIl IC Cllllru~ 
CIMll1bcr On:llestra 
G'bpd CIl"lr 
J.l:: En~l'mbll' 
WlI1d I.:nsl'lllhk· 

(Pl'llk'Sstlr N('t.') 
(An I! !'eITus) 
(Da "IU ChaSl') 
(f'mfcssllr Nl't·. faD. Pro lessor Ncg)'t.'s)'. Winter and SfHtnI> 
(Rnerl'nu Jonr~) , 
(f'r,.kss(lr Chc;uh.un) 
(('r(liess(lr hlO\'llIe) 

Come to the MUSIC Department oflice (room J 09 Ma'1dcvllle Center) or " III "52-3279 for audition requirements and appointments. 
Auditions \\,111 he held <H speu hc times dUring We!<.l)lI1l' Week heginnlng Wednesda)', Sl'Ptember 2J 

The Best in 
University Events 
By ClAUDINE GENOUX 

Rock concerts, films, ballets, classical 
music, jazz shows, acting companies, 
famous writers and magiciat;ts are only a 
part of the events planned and 
programmed by the student commiues 
of the University .Events Office (UEO). 
Th is office has over sixty volunteers and 
a dedicated office staff of seven people 
aU under the direction of Lynne 
Peterson . 

Peterson, who assumed the 
directorship of this office over three 
years ago, has brought critical acclaim 
for her successful efforts in expanding 
the programming and student 
participation for on-campus events. 

Multi-level involvement seems to be 
the key to the success that UEO has 
had in recruiting students for the five 
committees that provide the 
programming base: Pop Events/Special , 
Films. Dance/ Drama, Speakers' Forum, 
and Music. It is also interesting to note 
the diversity in the backgrounds of the 
Sludents that are on the different 
committees. Every depanment and 
major on campus has representation on 
the committees, from political science to 
computer science. . 

Some students have benefited 
profeSSionally from their experience 
wnh UEO. Bill Silva, concert promoter 
with Fahn and Silva Presents, is a 
former chairman for the Pop Events 
c;.ominittee. Also, Marc Geiger, a UCSD 
stUdent and former committee member, 
works as a ccincen promoter for Marc 
Btrman Concerts. These individuals 
seem to be more the exceplion than the 
rule, because the majority of those who 

~rve on the committees go on to 
medical school or graduate school. All of 
these individuals take the skiDs they 
learned working on the different 
committees into their respective careers. 

This year, the University Events 
Office begins the season by co-
sponsoring the 1983 Koo/)azz Festival. 
This is an important event for UCSD 
with opening night scheduled for 
Mandeville Auditorium. The program 
will feature the talents of the legendary 
saxophone player Sonny Rollins. Also 
included wiD ~ the. music of Betty 
Carter and her trio. This will be Friday, 
September 30 at 8 pm. 

There will also be Kool Jazz Picnic 

With the Latest Education 
from Sasson, Sebastien, & 

Toni & Guy ... 
Let .Us Design 

A Style For 
YOU I 

given on the Revelle lawn on October 1. 
This day-long event wiU provide a look 
at the wide range of styles in the current 
jazz music genre. Leading off will be 
flutist Herbert laws, an extraordinaty 
musician whose diverse talents include 
classical concertos and grassroots Texas 
R&B. and have made him a favorite 
with young jazz enthusiasts across the 
country. 

Featured on the program will be the 
San Diego debut of the Wymon Marsalis 
Quintet, with special guest Bobby 
McFerrin. Also , the talents of jazz 
saxophonist Chico Freeman and flutist 
James Newton will pefomi their original 
variation of African/ American music. 
Rounding out the day wiU be the music 
of the Johnny Copeland Blues Band 
with special guest Arthur Blythe. The 
event begins at noon and will run until 
6 that evenin~. 

The Kool Jazz Festival U will be 
Sunday, October 2, on the Revelle Lawn. 
The talent for the day will be Dave 
Brubeck , jazz pianist, Singer Carmen 
McRae, the Charles Uoyd Quanet, and 
Geor)!,e RusseU's New York Big Band . 

The 1960s was a time of cultural 
revolution in this country, one of the 
few modem dance groups that 
developed during and after this period 
was the laura Dean Dance Company. 
This group will perform its unique form 
of modem dance October 15 in 
Mandeville. 

One of the best programs on IaSi 
year's schedule was the "Night of Magic' 
in Mandeville, featuring the talents of / 
that way-out guy Harry Anderson. This' 
fall he is making a rare rerum I 
performance to Mandeville October 22. 

Two years ago, 'dramatic theater in 
San Diego was given a rare glimpse of 
the Acting Company. This company of 
actors is directed by the now familiar 
presence of actor/director John 
Houseman. This time around they wiU 
peform the highly acclaimed The Cradle 
Wtll Rock, which received rave reviews 
from the New York drama critics. This 
peformance is seheduled for November 
9 in MandeviDe. 

Ballet companies generaDy do weD at 
UCSD, and last season's American BaUet 
Theater II was no exception. This season's 

FREE 
CONSULTA nONS 

~9~ 
Call for Appointment 
(Above St, Germaine's) 

ThL University Evtnts Office wilt again bring big name entertainment to UCSD including Vincent Price. 

hit is sure to be the Joffrey n Ballet 
Company. This group of dancers is more 
than just the understudies for the parent 
company. It is in this company that the 
creative juices of the young dancers and 
choreographers comes alive and where 
new talents are constantly being 
developed. This group will peform 
November 18. 

The Speakers' Forum Committe 
begins its season with a lecture from 
noted primatologist Dr. Diane Fossey. 
While Dr. Fossey has not gained the 
type of popular recognition Jane Goodall 
has in the popular media , she is 
considered one of the foremost 
authorities on the African gorilla and 
has received grants from the loS. B. 
leaky Foundation for her work. Her 
lecture will be September 29. 

The Faculty Chamber series in 
something that the classical music 
aficionado would be interested in, This 

series brings some of the most 
prestigious string quartets in the world 
to campus. In the fan the Guarneri 
String Quartet is set to play November 
19th at 8 pm in Mandeville Auditorium. 
The rest of the series goes as foDows: 
the Bartok String Quartet, February 4; 
the Beaux Arts Trio, April 4; the Gabrieli 
Quanet, March 3; and the PureeD String 
Quanet, May 18. 

UEO also has numerous events 
planned for the rest of the school year, 
including the Taiwanese Magic Circus, 
January 18; Preservation Hall Jazz Band , 
Febnmry 15; Writer Susan Sontag, April 
2; and Vmcent Price, May 3. 

For those of you who are interested 
in joining the committees, ushering or 
just getting involved with your campus, 
contact the University Events Office at 
452-4090 or stop by Building B at the 
Student Center and see what is going 
on. 

The Greatest Zu on Earth is In Solana Beach ... 

ltl~~ 
<elllUJ 
tZ:LY 

featuring: 
Thompson 

Twins 
Eurythmics 

Wham 
Iture Club 

Duran 

~a~A' .... ----,,--.up ........ ~~ , ~\ cova Tueeday ttvu SaIur~, ~2am ,'~0 ~,CJ 
... ~~~ '-.I\oeO..\O", ~,oJ\\ .~c 

.... tIJ ~~c;,~ '(t\~''''''(p-J0 0,0'1' ~vc:l ~"'" ~\ ~co-00 
All theM arriving before 

10pm r~ a tr .. paN 
good tor any other night. 

Come Dance your 
socks off, or relax in 
our great club 
atmosphere. North Highway 101 SOLANA BEACH-



" 

Art For 
Art's Sake 
By RONA HU 

By now, almost everyone on campus 
has seen the Sun God by Nikki de St. 
PhaDe-rerurning students can recall aD 
the talk and hoopla surrounding its 
initial appearance last spring, and new 
students have probably had it pointed 
out to them at orientation. Most 

photographs, draWings and detailed 
models. There was Terry Allen Worns, 
prints drawings and sculptures 
presented concurrently with an 
exhibition of works by the same artist at 
the u Jolla Museum of Contemporary 
Art, and finaDy New Epiphanies, an 
exhibition of contemporary religious art. 

The 1983-84 exhibition schedule 
should have something to interest 
everyone. They include a show by five 
artists from Los Angeles, an exhibit of 
works by Chicago artists, an exhibition 
of graphics by German artist Oiter Rot, a 
special exhibit of naive painting. and 
the first large-scale exhibition of 
I...etterist work ever in the United States. 
Still being planned for spring 1984 are 
an exhibit of furniture and furnishings 
and a UCSD faculty exhibition. 

students have also encountered the 
Robert Irwin sculptures in the eucalyptus 
groves just east of the Sun God. But 
relatively few students know that UCSD 
also has a first-class art gallery. The 
Mandeville Art Gallery, located in the 
Mandeville complex near the Student 
Center (and conveniently near the Sun 
God) shows the newest and best in 
contemporary art. 

Petrr Elsenma,, 's "Axonomelnc Model House X" (lefl) and 'The Whitt Shert " by Jtsus Gutrrtro Galvan 
re prrsent smll( of the Wille variety of mediums that have bet n preStI/ted at UCSD's Mandeville Gallery. 

The first exhibition, Young American 
Artists-II ' Paintings and Painted WaD 
Reliefs wiU be on view from October I 
through October 30, with a preview 
reception on Friday, September 30, from 
6 to 9 pm in the gallery. 

Gallery Director Gerry McAllister 
explains that the gallery's purpose is to 
provoke thought ·We don't want people 
to just come in here and say. 'Oh. that's 
pretty.' The image should remain with 
them." A liule thought provoking 
couldn't hurt most students. Visit the 
Mandeville Art Gallery this quarter and 
learn something new. 

Exhibits, which change monthly, 
feature works both of well-known and 
established anlSts and of promising new 
artists JUSt emerging 10 the field . Special 
emphasis is placed on vanety: 
Installations and videos, collages, 
performance pieces and mimarures, as 
well as pamtings and sculptures. 

Past shows have ' ranged from 
disturbmg Oohn Buck's Monrh of 
Sundays) to amusing (Vid£o/ TV: 

Humor/ Comedy). LaSt year's exhibits 
were excellent. There were Drawings by 
Painters. an outstanding collection of 52 
drawings by 52 altists, immediately 
followed by Young American Artists. 
featuring four artists who received their 
Master of Fine Arts degrees in the 
spring of 1982. Vid£o/ TV: 
Humor/ Comedy is a very funny. verY 

Read any good 
cOlDic books lately? 
Comic hook,- ill'( ' iI nil \ i\'l ' i \ III I! I' iCiI11 ill ' \ 101'111 . 
TIl('.\' I'll tc l'ta ill , they tlwill. IIH!y teach . 
Come look <II the c .\ cilillh 
lill(' uf DC Cumics at : 

Buy$5wortb 
of DC Comics and 

get Ifree!* 
Redeem only cx: 

n. Comic Gallery ~ 4224 Balboa Ave. • Maximum • 
j Son Dt.go, Co. 92117 value i1 . • 

.............................. ~ 

popular collection of humorous video 
performances; these were supplemented 
by Telephone Stories. a series of audio 
skits by MitcheU Kriegman (one could 
hear the skits by dialing a special 
number). At Home with Architecture 
showcased the works of some of the 
best post-modem architects through an 
impressive display of blueprints, 

Gallery hours are noon to 5 pm, 
Tuesday through Sunday (dosed 
Monday). There is no charge for 
admission. 

ALL YOU CAN EAT 
Soap ... $3.50 • Salad ... $4.50 • Soup &: Salad ... $5.25 

Muffins, Breads and Dessert Included 

We also have Sandwiches, Quiche, Broiled Chicken Platter, 
Steak Sandwiches and Burgers. 

10% DISCOUNT WITH STUDENT 1.0. 
0._ 11·': .... DAILY 737 PEAaL STllEET, LA JOLLA 454-3453 

8855 Villa La Jolla 
Drive 

457-3775 
Near Ralph's & 
Sav-On Drugs 

OPEN 7 
DAYS 

Drama Season 
Opens with Wilder 
By JOAN FORSBERG 

Nestled in the eucalyptus grove south 
of ReveJ\c College stands the 
magnificent wood and glass structure of 
UCSD's new MandeD Weiss Center for 
the Performing Arts. 

After last year's successful inaugural 
season in this playhouse, the vast 
theatrical space has been explored. The 
advanced lighting and sound !)'SUms . 
have been perfected. The adjacent 
costume and scenery shop has been -
constructed. . 

Now the UCSD Depanment of Drama 
is ready for an even greater 1983-&4 
season. 

An exciting melange of classical and 
contemporary world theater awaits the 
UCSD community. Undergraduate and 
graduate students comprise the casts 
and crews of the season's productions. 
As a special treat. the professional 
theater company LA Theatre Works 
presents British playwright ~n 
Berkoffs criticalJy-acclaimed, avant-
garde drama, Grttlr. 

The stage of the Weiss Center will be 
transformed into the quaint New 
Hampshire town of Grover's Corners 
when Thornton Wilder's Pulitzer Prize-
winning play Our Town opera the 
UCSD Theater season on Novtmbcr 10. 

Wilder's portrayal of the cycryday 
activities of twO families is a hnrt-
warming celebration of the pricclcss gift 
of life. Scaglng this American classic is 
one of our country's leading directors, 
UCSD Drama Professor Alan Schneider. 

The ucsi> Theater journeys back to 

Elizabethan England in February for 
William Shakespeare's fanciful comedy 
Lovt's Labours Lost. 

UCSD professor Eric Christmas 
diftcts this tale of four disenchanted 
noblemen who renounce the sinful 
plcasures of the world for a life of 
devout self-denial. Four benevolent 
beauties appear just in time to rescue 
the men from their retreat and to teach 
them the lessons of love, 

In March, the graudating MFA 
students direct and perform twO plays 
in repenory in the original UCSD 
Theatre on Warren Campus. The three-
year graduate training program at UCSD 
culminates in Thomas Otway's 
Restoration o:agedy Vmict Prtstrvtd and 
John Millington Synge's Irish folk tale 
Tht ~ oj tht Westtm World. 

Returning from an explosiYC opening 
in New York City earlier this year, the 
LA Theatre Works appears in 
playwright! director Steycn Berkoll's 
Grtek April 11-15. 

This radical adaptation of the 
Oedipus myth set in the home of a 
British working-class family in East 
london was hailed as the "Show of the 
Year" by Los Angeles Times drama critic 
Dan Sullivan foRowing its U.S. premiere 
at LA's Matrix Theam in 1982. 

The UCSD Departmcnt of Drama 
concludes this ambitious 1983-&4 
season in May with a surprise 
production featuring the work of 
renowned scenic designer Raben Israel 
and an unannounced guts( director. 

UC SAN DIEGO 
INTERNATIONAL 
FILM"--SERIES 

1 . 9 . 8 3 

FILM AS A MIRROR Of Uf[ 
- JO ThE W\NIXRER 

(I...to....l~ I,.. 10J_ ~ ............... 
o...-a.I"~ ~ .... .". '-?oJ- __ .""-~ 
,...W ___ ....... _HnwI~'.~oI ......... iII. 
.......... f-'t .............. _~ .... -" .. 
............ --..,......,. ........................ . 

... -..... .. -. 

.. " .......... _-..... -. .. 
............ y .. .,... 

-" AI.n: IN M crlllS fAl.:w· .. ,......' .J .,. ... a-...". ........ ....... 0......, .................. ~, ' ............ u.~ 
.u....11 ........... _.~ ............ ..,.... ....... 
__.__ ........... ......,...,.... .... - .. -"........,.o.r-,b 
... --. 
....,........,..-.................. ~ .......... ..,.,....J- ...... _",.. __ .. a-_ 
_. lit: INVITAlDl 
(1 ......... ,..,.. ....................... ...... 

~.,a...~ ...................... s-..... ... 
........................ -. ...... ....,.. ..... 
~ ... ~ ..... .-... -...... -...... ... 
............................ ~ ... ..,.A ... -" 
---_._-
··A ...... ,.. A~_ ....... .........., ..... ." ..... ,.... 
......... --_ ..... ---...... . 

......... --y-

~" EVE'RY MAN ~ HIMS[U 
(~U- r-/L. \I.) I. '" _ "-.¥ . ....... ...... 
O-..... ~J-.t.. a.....t .... , ..................... 0.-.. . 
n. .. __ CJo.M.I ........ '- .. ,.... .... ~ tt...a..rd 
....-......... __ d·1V~ . ............ -.:f • ..-tttw 

...,~ ...... ...,«*fol_ ..... ). n. ... -.-.. .... . 
~oI.....-:: _ .......... oI ............................. ... 
.. ........... ~ ............ --.-.-, ........ ..... 
.... ....~..,ftrito. 
.. A _____ • __ ......... _ " 

v __ c..a,. ..... , ... n.. 

a..- .. TlRlU (JI/ ITS IW:K 
.." 110 _ "-'-'. • ... ..,.,. .... 

0... ..... ., la· .......... ""~_s--• ....,..us-
....,..,. ......... ". -..., __ ....... II6ocl . n. ... 1ft 
...... ........ ......... b ..... ,... ............... .. 
............. *~ ... ~...- ................ -.... 

~ ....... _01 .. ~ ................. _ ... ,. 
......,~., .. --. . _._ .... __ .. _--y ..... 
-, THRU IRJTHERS 
ttl. "J ............. ..... """ ..... -_ ... __ ._-
................. -. .................. .. 
........fIl .. _ ...... ,..., ......... ·~ .. . 
...... ................ ...... 

" .. ,..~-.- ......... -........... -
__ -' .... -."v .... c..e., ....... n.. 

-"S'rAVISKY 
. ' ... ,' ................... ........ 
- ........ _-,.. ..... _ ....... -

.................... tI..... . JI ...... 

............ " . ......., ..... , .......... ..... 
........ ---. ......... --............. ...... ... __ .... _ ....... _0/ ... , ..... _ 

......... _., ... _ ............... .. 

---, .. -
......... tKh 1llnl1hoN .... be. ~ ....... tId bv 

AIoa N ............ 0 .. ,.,.".. tis.,., ..... 0.. Arthur 111_, ProI- of 0.. .... ",,",,-_ ... --, 
Dt.~ __ "' .. _QoIoor ,...cw... ... o.,,,,,-... On-.T ...... O."", ..... 
___ , _ 0..:. s.""" T_ Dt.,.._a...-.o..-",o.- a.-~."",_ 
.... o..IIMr.A"c.IIa.r ... c-.r Q.-.................. o... ........ c. ." 

7030,..... T .... , ........ ~A .......... 
.... tJ8.OO, ..... (-*bW ....... JQ)oG.A. ~1L"'.aa- $3.00 

• 

Tht La Jolla Playhouse: Afttr II 19 yellr layoff Iht)' IIrt bad, lind btlLtr I han tlltr. 

A Toast to the lJ Playhouse 
Thirty five years ago the LaJoUa Playhouse began producing theater in the u 

Jolla High School Auditorium. Originally the Playhouse was intended to give actors 
and actresses the opportunity to express themselves in a theater. For many years 
the Playhouse hosted such names as Mel Ferrer, Gregory Peck. James Mason and 
Patricia Neal, 10 name a few. In 1964, however. (he La Jolla Playhouse stopped. Now 
in 1983 the Playhouse has found a permanent home at Mandell Weiss Center. In its 
first season which concluded last week at Weiss Center. the Playhouse staged 
Brect's Visions oj Simone Marclulrd, A Mad World, My Masters by Barrie Keefe, and 
Romeo andJuliet by Shakespeare. In its new home the LaJoila Playhouse is on its 
way to establishing itself once again as a place for theater artists to meet and share 
ideas. 

ATIEnTlON MUSIC fMiS 

( bet 'you didn't know that you have a record shop on 
campus. We have a terrific selection of records, blank 

tapes,. Imports, buttons, accessories and more. 

We also stock 3/4" video cassettes and reel-to-reel tape 
for you music students. 

R'RE CNEEPII 
ASSORTED VINYL 
("ear roM In the Student Center) , 



.. 

10 get ahea4 got to push 
the right buttoos. . 

Big ideas call for big functions. And 
you'll find them on the keys of every 
Hewlett-Packard calculator. 
The lIP-lie Sdeatifk Programmable. 

Powerful functions, such as pennu-
tations and combinations, hyperbolics 
and a random-number generator, are all 
at your fingertips. And with help like 
that, you just might end up with your 
name on a theorem. 
The top-of-tbe-1iDe IIP-4l. 

To give you an idea of the HP-41's 

capabilities, in an emergency it can help 
bring the NASA Space Shuttle back to 
earth. Without the aid of Miaaion Control. 
Imagine what it can do for you on a 
routine day. 

And it's just one of the many 
specialized HP calculators: the HP-IOC 
and HP-15C scientific programmables, 
the HP-12C financial calculator, and the 
HP-16C for computer programmers. 

So, go ahead. Get to the root of 
sophisticated problems - quickly-
simply, with the help of a sophisticami 

tool. Get there with Hewlett-Packard. 
For the authorized HP dealer or HP 

sales office AeamIt you, call rolL-FREE 
800-547-3400 and ask for operator 
11.3 M-F, 6a.m.-6p.m. Pacifi<.-Tune. 

......... 0 .................. ,· ..... 
for ....... I .. h OIl die IIIOft. 

ft3 HEWLETT 
.:'~ PACKARD 

Chick yu CI!npU1 bDakItIn • any of the fallaJdng .... lIrs: 

Carlabed Elc.Jon Oc:e_1cIe 
Home Computer. Inc Tam's, Inc Best Products Co, Inc Fasl Track Compuler Paul Munroe ~Hca Tam'a,lnc 
5850 Avenida Encinas 393 Broadwaj 1820 Oceanaide Blvd Corporation IM40t Miramar 104!i0 Frlara Road (619) 438-9696 (619) 444·941 (714) 439-8800 7050 Miramar Road Sulle C (61111578-1910 (6191--
Chula VIII. EacondIdo San DIego (6181578-1750 Price Club Tam'~ 
Price Club The Computer Place Businesl Advantage Fadco, Inc 4805~BIvd 12n I 
1144 Broadway 2235 Micro Place Computers 5th and Euclkl (61912706142 (619) 483-6080 
(619) 427~14 (619) 741-6662 413 Laurel St Suite A (619) 282·2411 R.B. Comput .. & Sof1ware The Computer Place 
Tam's, Inc La ..... (619) 232·2025 Kellenburg Marine 11844 Rancho Berurdo Dr 11872 HIbef1 51 
311 Br~ Best Products Co, Inc C. T.C. The Computer People 2810 Carlton St Suite 116 11191741-4lIII0 (619) 4 7938 EI Ca~on Blvd 5560 Ruffin Ad (6191224-8211 (6191 485-8!180 ....... (714) 698-7 44 (619) 565-0505 Tam's. Inc Price Club 

5973~ 8861 Buena Vista (6191 (6191 !I82-31101 

r----------------------------------- u -----------------------------------I . I . I 
I I 
I I 

!INDEX i 
I I 
I I 

I 
I 
I 
I 
• I 
I 
I 
I 
• I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
• I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
• I 
•• I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
• I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
• 
• 

. alp and save this guide to local Stores, Stages, Saloons & Stations 

M-. ........... 
a.rboe flerk 
D4-fi91 
.......... ., 
8V8 ProIpect 
456-01t8 
n..n·n ..... a..~ 
7868GR'd . 
459-G6ft 
.... .,0 •• Ia. 
1439 B Prado 
23+4542 
......... ~". __ af(G ... "a.,Aft 
700 Prospect 
45+3541 
Mus ... af ...... 1 ..... ' 
BaIboe Parte 
232-3821 

p 

Old Town CIrck Gn.n , 
2501 San DIego ~ 
296-2596 
PIIotD ........ ., 
7468G1r.d 
459-1800 
... DIeIO " ... ,. 01 Aft 
8eIboa Per1I 
231-7931 

........,,...... 
299-4141 
a.JoII ....... 
459-4201 
L.A.n.. 
231-1433 
.. DIeIO ........ 
299-4141 

... rM '01.5 
292-1360 . 
eonc.t iM): i68-1015 

aDO ",. *-alla 
283-7121 
"·XFM 
236-9872 

Moul.11I..., .. 
C'.eMIr 3 CIn_ 
2120 Cmno Del RIo No. 
297-1888 
0.-11 
11-40 Hat .. Clrdc No. 
291-2121 
a I. ull 
41 -40 ClliCl.tont Mesa 
27400901 

... IIMDrIIrcIll 
VIa eX III Vale at 1-5 
755-8157 
F1 •• I. v.IIet. 
110 Falhion YaIcy 
291 ...... 
....... 
1818G1mct 
27<HOOO 
...... CIn •• nl 
2630 VIII de III YtIlc 
755-8757 
Fra ••• DrIIrc III 
3601 IItIdMtr Drive 
2*3461 
... 0lIl_ 
4061 AdIIms Ave. 

~5909 

a.. ...... 
"71 first St. 
436-7469 
a.-
3150 Rosecrans 
22+3344 

~UK"""" Uni\;c., Towne Center 
452-7166 

MlrliMaea_ 
8118 Mira Mal Blvd. 
566-1912 

.... 
4950 Newport Av~ 
223-3141 
1M ........ ' 
GInIhouse 5qu.ft 
223-2546 

Rcc __ 
Licolb Pizza 
1321 Gamet 
27()'515O 
•• IcI.nd 
La Jolla VIllage Sq. 
453-1383 
IIff (G.., lillion 
1146 Gamet 
272-82().4 
T ........ 
3601 Sports Na1I 
22+3333 
n. 'fInnUbIe 
1852Gr.d 
4~21 
......... 
t.k1iversIty Towne Center 
457-9151 

Ka.1VI 
292-5362 
Ir81V '0 
237-1010 
1faT-1V19 
279-3939 
1CPII-1V 15 

~15 

leccr..l 
802i 0IIIrem0nt Mae 
56CHI02i 
...,UpT ...... 
143 SOuth Cectos 
481-9022 
........ 
1 i98 PIOspect 
45+9131 

...." . .,. 
4302 Mission 
270-3220 
I.-cIIllz.. 
J8880thd0 
277-9861 
MaW.SeIoon 
945 Gamet 
483-7737 

1690 Coast 
755-9345 
IodIo 
8980 VIe La JoIe 
457-5590 
SpIrIt 
1130 Buenos 
276-3993 

1935 QuMra 
2i3-i335 

........ 11 
D ... llrrlllt 
755 Wctt:JIII 
741-9393 
111111 qj FknS 

,hair .. 
GIII.IIP ca.tIr ,..... 
547 4th Ave. 
234-9583 
............ CO • 
750 NautIlus 
459-7773 
Me quII NaIIc ,..... 
3717 IndIII Street 
298-8111 
Old Glebe n.n 
BIIboII Park 
239-2255 
......... Opai 
BIIboII Perk 
233-7088 
......... ..., .......... 
1257 71h Ave. 
231-8995 

Advertising 
452-3466 

"We're Your Student Newspaper" 
Editorial 

452-3468 THE GUARDIAN 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I . 
I 
I 
I ' 
I 
I 
I 
I 
• 
.1 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
• I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

~ 
I 
I 
I 

• -----------------------------------------------------------------------~ 



.. 

IT TAKES A BETTER 
GRADE CALCULATOR TO 

GET A BETTER GRADE ' 

$73.95 sugg. retail S9(loo 
• Programmable 
• Advanced Engineering and 

Statistical Func tions 
. 203 Program Lines 
• 21 storage registers 
• RPN logic. continuous memory. 

and 10-digit LCD d isplay. 

Hp·15C 

$98.50 sugg. retail 5120.00 
• Programmable 
• Computer Science Functions 
• Binary/Octal/Decimal/ 

Hexadecimal conversions 
• 203 Program lines or 101 16-bit 

data reg isters 
• 1 's and 2's complement unsigned 

modes 
• Boolean AND. OR. NOT. XOR 
• RPN logic. continuous memory, 

and 1O-digit LCD display. 

HP-41C 

$159.95 
sugg. retail $195.00 

• Programmable 

HEWLETT 
PACKARO--

$57.50 sugg. retail $70.00 
• Programmable 
• Engineering and Statisttcal 

Functions 
• 79 Program Steps 
• 10 Constant Memories 
• RPN logic. continuous memory. 

and 1O-digit LCD display. 

HP-11C 

$98.50 sugg. retail $120.00 
.• Programmable 
• Advanced Engineering and 

Statistical Functions 
• Matrix Operations 
• Salve and Integrate 
• Complex Functions 
• 448 Program Lines 
• RPN logic. continuous memory. 

and 1O-dlgit LCD dispiaV. 

HP-16C 

• Over 130 advanced functions 
• 400 program lines 
• Alpha numeric display 
• Expandable to 2000 program lines 
• Optional printer/ plotter. card reader. wand optical 

HP-41CV available also. 

UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE 
Q-OOB, UCSD, La Jolla, California 
Open Monday through Friday 

8:00 am to 4:45 pm 
pen Saturday 10:00 am to 4:00 p 

Extended Hours Du Rush 

Write JOY The Guardian and 
meet interesting people 

Hiatus, The Guardian's weekly arts magazine 
is looking for you. If you are interested in 
writing about film, music, art, TV, books, 
concerts or anything vaguely resembling arts 
or entertainment than come to our 
orientation meeting, Friday, September 30, 
or call 452-3466 and ask for Andrew or John. 
Get hip, get involved and get happy. No 
experience necessary . 

p,s. The Children are buried under the 
swingset. 

Hew Courses - Fall 1983 

JAPANESE 
LANGUAGE 

Recently added to the 
Fall Qua ... , 1913 

curriculum: 

Spaldng, rudins and writing Will 
be taught by a 'netIve speaker. 

Take advantage of this exciting 
opportunity to acquire 

Japenae lansuage facUlty! 

FIrIt Y .. JII~nac (Chlnac StudIa 31) 
Lee MWF 11:00 - 11:50, B8 2135 
Sec 1 ITh 10:00-10:50 TEH 702 
Sec 2 TTh 11 :00-11 :50 TEH 702 
Sec 3 TTh 12:00-12:50 TEH 702 

Second Yur Jllpenac (Chlnac Studla 41) 
Lee MWF 2:00-2:50, HSS 2333 
Sec 1 ITh 2:00-2:50 HSS 2152 
Sec 2 ITh 3:00-3:50 P&l1111 

For course coda .1Id further Inlonnatlon pic ... alII 
the Prosr- In Chinac Studies, 451-4551. 

A Contemporary and 
Classical Movement 
By JAMES RALPH PAPP 

The advantage for a writer of a review 
is that, along with reviewing the concert 
or play or exhibition, he can repeat aD 
the witticisms he made at the expense 
of the perfonners and (he perfonnance 
at supper afterwards or thought of 
during the perfonnance and related 
afterwards. 

In a preview however, one cannot 
"prepeat: in the first place because 
there is no such word and in the 
second because no one is impressed by 
humor one predicts of oneself, 
especially as it usually turns out 
predictable. Previews do have their use 
however, because although one misses 
the perfonnance of the reviewer, one 
carches the concert or play or exhibition 
itseU. 

In an academic community it is 
fortunate that as long as there is anyone 
around 10 listen to the music there is 
someone 10 perfonn it, and the season 
at UCSD starts immediately with 
Welcome Week. Professor Janos Negyesy 
and the Music Depal1ment Chairman 
Jean-Charles Francois are pUlling on a 
series of Mozart recitals a( noon today. 
Wednesday, Thursday and Friday. 

Their first perfonnance will be of the 
C Major and E Minor. the second the A 
Major and F Major, the third the 0 
Major, and the fOUl1h , C Major and B-
flat Major-aU sonatas for piano and 
violin, of which Mozart wrote over 30 
more. Negyesy, the violinist, has been a 

soloist at many festivals and in many 
records, in contemporary and classical 
music. Francois is a composer and 
conductor as weD as a percussionist and 
pianist. 

SONOR is the contemporary music 
ensemble made up of UCSD faculty and 
graduates and founded by Bernard 
Rands, a UCSD professor whose 
Madrigali were perfonned by the San 
Diego Symphony last season. Among 
others, one piece in the program will be 
by a UCSD professor, Joji Yuasa, and 
another by a graduate student, Yung 
Hwa Son. Later in the year. on February 
22, Rands' Canti del Sole, which the New 
York Philhannonic played last May, wiD 
be premiered in its chamber version by 
SONOR. The original and revolutionary 
intention of having the arts departments 
at UC5D based on creation rather than 
simply criticism has not only survived 
but flourished in the Music Department. 

For the Wednesday Evenings at 
Mandeville Center series the Music 
Department is emphasizing two 
perfonnances. The first is by Frances 
Marie Uitti , who will play works 
dedicated 10 her by Bussoni and Scelsi, 
whose Christian names I cannot supply 
due to the age of my Concise Oxford 
DictIOnary of Music and the reticence of 
the department , and pieces by Xenakis, 
Stockhausen and Zoitan Kodaly. 
Stockhausen I assu~ to be Karlheinz 

tum to 45 

IIow: Copy casette tapes yoursel1-any length. ra.t Copy a one-hour 
casselle in l8lll1han 2 minutes... p.I. Easy as xeroxing a leiter. 1" r ...... 
.... : Our remarkably low price includes the Rezound Copy Cassette'· 
AccuraIe: Guaranteed peJ1ect monaural copies. every time. v.aaIIIe: 
Make 1. 2. 3 ... or 100 copies a: lectures. seminars. language labs. meet-
ings. college classes. sennons. sales messages. weddings. interviews. talk-
ing letters. family events. relaxat1on. wOrd-processing data & comput-
er programs. 

12920lND 
CASSETTE COPYING CENTERS 

University Bookstore, Q-008, U.C.S.D. 
La Jolla, CA 92093 

8:00 am to 4:45 pm Monday thru Friday 
10:00 am to 4:00 pm Saturdays 

Electronics Department 452-4291 
.. 

Music Dtpartmenl Chairman jean-ChaIYs Francois hopts to give off the righc vibes this year. 

r---------------------------------, t 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

Gourmet Hamburgers 
Beer-Wine 
lliagen-Da.s 

FREE 
Back to School 

BURGER 
: Just buy one of these big, • t ~ 
• charbroiled delights, with that ; ~ 
• cheese melting over the side - ~t-~~~~=----
• CAMINO DE LA AEINA 
• and all that bacon, lettuce,; I 
• and juicy tomato, and we'll n: ,--- -- -- I 
• give you another one free . If ! MISSION VALLEY I 
I you prefer, you can use this ~ SHOPPING CENTEA I 
• coupon offer wit h any of our I 
• ot her delicious burgers and I 
• sandwiches. Buy one, get I 
: one li ke It free. J ust brin HIGHWAY 8 : 
• thiS coupon and tell us you • 
• have it when you order. 291-3468 I 
• Offer expires 10383. I L _________________________ ~ _______ J 



42 September 20. 1983 ' 

, TIme for Re-registering that Organization! 

DFADUNE: 
October 7th, 1983 

Forms for re-registering and registering a 
student organiza~on can be picked up in 
the Student Organizations Office, Student 

Center 2n-d Floor, Monday through 
Friday, 8 - 4:30 pm 

For informatioll re,arellDg Studellt 
Ol1anizadoDS, caD 

Marietta at 452·4083 

Vice Chancellor 
Undergraduate Affairs 

Welcome Dance . 

SepteDiber 24th, 1983 
9:00 pOl - 1:00 pin 

Revelle Plaza 
Refreshments 

. FREE · 

Maybe Next Year ... . 

Few' Oases in Summer's Film Desert 
., a.YDENE NEE . 

While you waft in die .. lnes _ , popIIIr IdmIicIn .ria from me 1060s 
die alllbia's alb IIId _ boc ... z, it of die IDle ....... which was crattd by 
-- to be .... of die W bwdidon 10 chc ...... 5aln& 'Illd has been in 
..,.... W pxllIId t.d IiaIa )'DU syndIcldon sina ihe show's demise in 
Mel 0IV'er the SUINNT _ ..... . 1964. The Idmsion show gained much 
Rdectina over chc IUIIIIIIeI' 81m Idtwes or its popularity &om chc simJlk, 
... dw "Hollywood 0R.n fIctoIy," I everyday story lines that haw • unique 
.... chm _~ SOIIIIe laleladna and ~ twist mat isn't usuaIy 
IUlprisa, but on che whole IheR _~ • m.aIed until me last 30 seconds of the 
pal daI or disappotrIbMnIS this show. 
anmu _ me malrl'S. In TwiIiJht low: Tht MM. meR were 

The biaett disappointmmt this past four dil'tttOl'5 who worked 
IUI1lI1lCr Iiis 10 haw been me rdease of independmdy 00 four separate 
Mig'" Zont: 1M MIwit. based on the 

. 

· ACT 

segme"" that we~ edited together to 
oompnse the film. They were. 
respectively, John landis. Steven 
Spie&,erg.Joe Dante. and ~rge Mikr. 
Each or mem WIIS ~ponsible for 
creating the same type of pace thai is In 
the original series. Steven Spielberg. Joe 
Dlnte and George Miller adapled three 
"aries from me original relevision show 
lOr me film, while John Landis crealed a 
new SlOry for his segment. 

It is unfonunate thai me se~ent 

YOU CAN AnEND UCSD AND ALSO 
EA.RN A COMMISSION IN THE U.S. 
NAVY OR MARINE CORPS. 
SCHOlARSHIP AND INON-
SCHOlARSHIP PROGRAMS AVAILABLE . 
CONTACT THE .NROTC UNIT FOR MORE 
INFOI 
293-4811 ' 

done by Landis, which is the only one I 
to recreare some of one or me Bavor 
and pace of the oriSinal relevision show, 
is plagued wim legal problems gemming 
from the tragic deam or actor Vic 
Morrow and two child actors during 
filming. 

The Olher three segments are 
noticably the products of the individual 
directors , and if [hey are meant [0 pay 

tum to 45 



.. 

,...--Women and Literature--...... 
Nineteenth Century Women Noveli8ts 
Instructor: Susan Kirkpatrick 
Lit/Gen 154, Lec. A TuesdaylThursday 1:00 - 2:20 
TLH 111 Coarse Code. 6319 

We will read (in translation when necessary) a selection of 
novels . written by European women during the nineteenth 
century. Discussions and lectures will concentrate on 
discovering in these novels paradigms that, because they 
originate in female experience and contest or modify 
predominantly male literary conventions, come to constitute a 
women's literary tradition. We will also take note or how these 
novelists resolved in their work the conflicts generated by 
cultural taboos against women writing. Then we willconsiderto 
what extent such conflicts inhibited creativity or prompted 
innovation. Besides the novels themselves, some readings of 
current feminist analysis of the the "women's tradition" will be 
assigned. Requirements: a short mid-term paper, and a 10-15 
page final paper addressing a cental issue raised in the course . 

Power PlaV8: 
Confrontations Between Men and Women in 
Literature 
Instructor: Gila Naveh 
Lit/ Gen 154. Lec. B Mon/ Wed/ Fri 1l:00~11:50 
APM 2312 Course Code 8298 

This course will focus on literary texts which depict projects 
initiated and carried out successfuUy by women. TIle students 
will have the pleasure of familiarizing themselves with literary 
and philosophical texts ranging from biblical times to the 
modern day, and learn about remarkable women's enterprises. 

-SharpTM 

Texts; 
Thus Spoke Zarathustra 
The New Heloise 
Sophie's Choice 
Anna Karenina 
Nona 
Who's Afraid of V".~ia Woof 
Nadjo 
Biblicallexts such as Genesis 

and Ruth 

automatic pencils 
0.5 mm pencil 
Reg. 53.95 Now S2.49 

TM 
Hi-Polymer Lead 
0.5 mm 
Reg .. 80 Now .55 

Sale September 20th thru 30th 

UCSD Theatre 
1983-84 SeasOn 

5 plays for the 
price of 41 

Students pay as little as $17.00 
only $3.40 a play! 

~~------OurTown----------~ 
Love's labour's lost 

Venice Preserved 
The Playboy of the Western World 

Greek 
------Selection in Progress;-~-----' 

Mandell Weiss Center for the Perfonning Ans 
and the UCSD Thearre 

Call the UCSD Depamnent of Drama at 452-3793 or ' 
visit the Promotions Office, HL Room 3451 for a 

copy of your Dramatic Difference brochcre! 

UCSD Theatre is the Dramatic Differalce! 

UNIVERSITY BOOKS I C:)RE· 
0-008 UCSD 
La Jolla, 
Caltomla 

Monday thru FricIay'8:GO • II '· 4145 pm 
Saaurd.,. 10:00 _ II - 4:00 pm 
~NDED HOURS DURING RUSH 

Movies. • 
cOIMinutd}n1m .. 3 
~ to the work of Scrling, men b-
tM IlkS pan they £ail. 

SpidJcrg's segment is a ICCiCabon of 
one of me finesr segmcl1lS 10 come ow 
of Rrdnision series, -Kick tM Can." 

~ pmbIcm with this SCgIDClII is Ihat it 
IS too curr. ~tythin~ in the scgmmr is 
ful of "SpieIJag t:utc: The old people 
aR CUIC, thc )'OUIIg=UC eval 
cuer, and even the · is curr. This 
mdrr SC&mf1ll pshcs CUIr. 

For me tnIJ5I pan thcR is vcty IinIr in ~ value in this film. My own 
sugeaion for rwiCftl Zo.: TIle MJwit, 
AnI TM) would be to have Strwn 
~joe o.nre, and ~ Miler 
sir in aD ernpry rhealrr waechia& their 
.... of the Iilm. own and own apin as 
thI' baUlllinA I-=Irground IDISic IiIIers in 

- Do do Do do Do do Do do ... 
WmpIlltS was one of the surprise hilS 

of !he sununn-, and il is· SliD playing at 
the local thacrrs. Although it is not 
braking box office records, it is a good 
indicarion that the movie~oing 
audience in this counrry is not as 
childish as the Hollywood producers 
believe. h is a ~ry enrt:rtaining, 
suspenseful rum with a message, and it 
has outlasted other summer films, such 
as Strukf; Au and Portrys n, but then it's 
rIO( fair 10 compare this film to those 
I*tts of ccluloid which should have 
hem nulrrd anywa,/. W~s is 
dc6nirdy a film you will want to see 
apia and apin. 

}tIws 3-D gives a chak. to imagine 
the kind of person who could ha~ 
Iboupr iI up. The ori~na1 jGws is a 
murrpiecc of suspense. This is so bad 
ir is laughable, and then to compound 
the crime they JlI:Il it in 3-~. The next 
thing you know we wit ha~ jGws N in 
SpIce, and if that happens you wiD 
know that someone is asleep at the 

This Friday, Sept. 23, 8 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 

$1.00 

____ Tickets at l'(.'SD's Central Bux Offln·.152-1359 __ _ 

·Music. • • 
continued from 41 
Stockhausen, born near Cologne in 
1928, rather than one of the four Other 
Stockhausens who seek unsuccessfully [0 
monopolize page 551 of the Oxford. The 
Ol:her production IS Tht Way of How, 
created and directed by George Coates, 
with music by Paul Dresher. . 

Finally. the season of the LaJo11a 
Civic/University Symphony Orchestra 
and Chorus begins at Mandeville on 
November 20th , continuing through the 
begtnning of June. Contrary to what was 

ad~rlised, the season will not begin 
with the Berlioz Reqllitm and its 400 
performers from Grossmont, Palomar. 

switch at Universal Studios. 
Octopussy has to be the best James 

Bond film since Sean Connery left the 
role. There are fewer comic moments In 
the film this time around; could it be 
that Roger Moore is getting a handle on 
the role after aU these years? If he is, it 
seems a shame that he won't be aro\Jlld 
anymore in the other James Bond films. 
For the next film they are looking for a 
younger James Bond. Sorry Rog .. 

In summer past Superman films have 
done weD wilh audiences across the 
country, and the basic reason for this is 
that they more or less stick to the 
original story line. ThIS time around 
they came up with a story aD their own 
in Superman lIl, and it is so bad that lhe 
film stayed in the th~aters less than a 
month.,The basic problem with the film 
is that they rely tOO heavily on the 
comic antics of Richard Pryor and let 
the character of Superman sit on the 
sidelines. 

Class is one of the few HIm surprises 
that came out this summer. althou2h 

SDSU and UCSD. Wishing [0 stress a 
IIghtcr note than death and the masses, 
the programl]lers have substituted 
Shostakovlch and Racbmaninov. Well , 
not much lighter. On December 10 
redemption will come with Handel's 
Messiah at Sf. James:by-the-Sea in La 
Jolla. 

h IS difficult [0 look that far ahead, 
past lectures in which one will have 
learned everything about 18th century 
novelists or the' nitrogen cycle and 
either succeeded or failed in 
remembenng it on the day of the cxam, 
but looking forward tQ Mozart, 
Rachmaninov or Rands can pull one 
through the worst weeks (which 
shouldn't nwnber more than eleven). 
And even in the worst of times people 
have survived by awaiting the Messiah. 

Jacqueline Bisset's character is reaDy a 
waste, and it is sad to see her fine 
talents as an actress wasted on it. This 
film brings to the attention of the 
audience two young actors: Andrew 
McCanhy and Rob Lowe. Lowe stars in 
the Francis Ford Coppola film Tilt 
Outsulers. which came out earlier this 
year, and he shows the fine talents of a 
coming Slar in the film industry. 

While the story of a young boy falling 
in love with his friend 's mother is not a 
new one, it is done very well in Class . 
More of the film , however, revolves 
around 'the relationship that develops 
between the twO young prep students. It 
would be nice to see a sequel 10 this 
film, just to see how they "make out" 
when they get to Harvard. 

For next summer it would be nice to 
sec fewer films like Private School, 
Smolrcy and the Bandit , and Metalstorm . 
But wait for Christmas. The studios are 
releasing over 20 major motiqn pictures. 
and if one or two of them are good then 
their -averages will be up. 

Bible, Judaic Studies & Hebrew 
Language & Literature 

Fall Quarter 1983 

UtlHebrew I. ~ BEGIN NINO' __ 
Fundame:nrals of Hebrew gram~t, 
reading. Language is srudied in die . 

Dis. 1 MWF 9-9:50 HSS 11 S2 
Dis. 2 MWF 12-n:50 HSS i 5iCq1fpe 

. ...",. 

t Propp 
• Propp 
Naveh 0.. 3 MWF 10-10:50 ~ . 

Lit/Hebrew S 1 • INTROD ' 1(' j] .. '~:~~I.J!lE;~_~ ~ND 
INTERPRETATIONS .' 
Second ycar course in Hebrew I. 
conversation, grammar review, and all¥ll~~ 
Iirerary texts. Prerequisite: Lit/He 3 or 

Oia. 1 MWF 10-10:50 USB 402.~~,.llIt 
For further information. contact Juda 3084, ll4SS1. 

..... ~ ........ -....... ~ 



IIIstoay Coarse Offam,. 
of Special Ilitereat 

FaD 1983 
iU: MODDN UITlSIIIIIS10ti 
Emphasis on changes In sodal structure and correspondlnQ sIds In 
poUticaI power. The expenslon and the end of el'l1pft. Two world 
Wars and the erosion of economic leadership. Tu-Th. 8:30-9:50. HSS 
2150. 

14M: JlIllS1'OD O' UDCO 
A Century of Mexican History. 1921-1924: the quest for political 
unity and economic SOMmcy. the ror~Q of a nationalty. and the 
Gilded Age and aftermath. the ambivalent Revolution of Zapata and 
his enemies. Tu-Th. 11:30-12:50. BB 2135. 

153: THE SOUTH ROM SLAVDY TO PDEDOM 
This course focuses on the American South during the 19th century 
as it made the transition from slawry to new forms of social 
organization. We will consider the social. economic. cultural. and 
political aspects of this transition. Topics include: the plantation 
system. race relations. Afro-American cWturallife. slave resistance. 
planters and yeomen. the coming and meaning of the Civil War. 
Reconstruction. postwar labor relations. and the rise of agrarian 
radicalism. MWF Lecture. 9:00-9:50. HSS 1106. 

15M: APRO-AMEmCAN BlSTOH 

lONE QUARlCR VERSION I 
A lecture-discussion course on the history of Afro-Americans from 
the colonial period to the present Tu-Th. 10:00-11:20, HSS 1305. 

FOR FURTIiER INFORMAnON CONTACT mE DEPARlMENT OF 
HISTORY, x3612. OR VISIT US IN ROOM 5056 H&SS MUIR 

CAMPUS. 

Lady 
Styles 

l:lj~'J for '83 ~ 

• 

BIatot, Coarse otr.d.,. 
. , ·'.1983 

lAz .. map.' of I.IDII V *K& 
MWF. 12·121so. 1lH 104. see ICheduk far _ IDs 

HI OWl .. aaDI • ..., 
MWF. l00-l0ss0. HSS 2250 

3&: ..".... 10« 'a, IJID IOCIAl ..... 
MWF. 11-11:50. HSS 1330. see schedule far 1ICIan. 

.,. ua,a 0 ill .. _ u.s. 
MWF. 1-1:50. HSS 1330 MODi... • .............. 
Tu-Th. ,11:30-12:50, lUi 104 

10: IIIS1'Oft Of CiiidSB ClVlUZUlOIf 
MWF. 11-11:50. HSS 1106. lecture class only. 

UPPD DMSION COUItSE OPPDINGS 
102Q: TBB DKua Of .0 .... W. 1-3:50. HSS 3086 
101: TBB PD»CB DVOUmOli. MWF. 2-2:50. HSS 1305 
11M: ICOlIOIIIC J.IIIB IR Plt&DlllGSDW iUllOPl. Tu-Th. l<Hl:20. 

PM. 1111 
122: ~ 8II1SII_1,*,. Tu-Th. 8:30-9:50 a.m .• HSS 2150 
1241 SOCIll • CVI.1VML BISI'OB OJIBiMC)ft, MWF. 9-9:50. AN 2313 
132A: 1'BI aISIOf .-.SIIAIIm. Tu-Th. 11:30-12:50. HL 1205 
14M: C'.OI.OmAL lUDI AMIIPIC. MWF. 9-9:50. HSS 2333 
1440: 1'IIB POUftCIl. BCCJMJIft' Of UGlWi .... M. 100-12:50, HSS 6008 
141&: A BlSIa.tOPIlDlCO. Tu-Th. 11:30-12:50, BB 2135 
l53: TID sotmI ... SUlVIIaY 10 pII"""II. MWF, 9-9:50. HSS 1106 
153Q: SOU,_IIISl'Oft, F. 1-3:50. HSS 6008 
15M: AJIlO. .... KI· BISIOIIF. Tu-Th. 10-11:20. HSS 1305 
l5IQ: COUlAJllO-lMDlCIII BIS1Oft. Th. 4-6:50. PaL 2322 
113&: BlStISOC 1QUI'WIWIR/1JI, MWF. 11-11:50. HSS 2305 

17U:~/""" Tu-Th, 1-2:20.1Ui 109 
112: BIS1OftOJl .... IIONB:« .'MlSIBVOIDDC*. Tu-Th. 2:3(}3:5O, 

HSS 2305 

I 

SleewZe.s Sweat.Wn 
White, Crew Neck sleAdess 
sweatshirt with banded armholes. 

50% Cotton I .50% Acrjlic 

With This Ad 
$7.95 

Sale September 23rd. thru September 30th. 
U N I V E R SIT y l BOO K S TOR E 

Monday thru Friday 8:00 am ". 4:45 pm 
Saturday 10:00 am ". 4:00 pm 

EXTENDED HOURS DURING RUSIi 
452".3786 

.. 

Rec. Center 
Opens for UCSD use 
Opening ceremony set for Friday, September 30 
By PHIL LAUDER 

"The Rec. Center Will Be Open -
But NO! as Soon as You Think." 

That was the headline in the May 30 
issue of The Guardian foUowing an 
earlier announcement that UCSD's 
newest athletic facility would be open by 
June 1. Unfortunately. the headline 
turned out to be more appropriate than 
anyone had hoped . It wasn't until July 3 
- with most students far away from 
campus - that the Center opened its 
doors for business. Complete with five 
racquetbaO couns, locker rooms, jacuzzi, 
Olympic-size swimming pool, and very 
modem equipment. the complex spons 
a nifry new name: Canyon View 
Aquatics and RacquetbaU Center. Best of 
all, it spons a nifty new look: it's finaDy 
open. 

"I'm just in love with this place -
you can feel an energy around bere," 
says Aquatic Facility Director Judy 
CaudiDo excitedly. She and Recreation 
Program Director BiD Morgan are most 
responsible for operating the Center. 
Caudillo. who also works as director of 
lJi:SD's recreation classes, and Morgan, 
(nren::ollegiate men's and women's swim 
coach for several years here, make no 
attempt to restrain their excitement 
~lU J)l~ JiK:ih~ which unw;his. 
summer, siUdents' had heard much 
about but seen nothing of. 

UCSD students will begin paying for 
the strucrure this faD, with 5 I2 of their 
«gistration fees going toward 
consrruction costs and the expected 
$450,000 annual operating expenses. 
Fonunately for all involved - and quite 
amazingly conSidering the delays 
involved here and the normal profusion 
of cost over--runs everywhere - the 
Original 51,920.000 budget allotted for 
construction will be held to . Adds 
Campus Architect Chuck Powers, 
"UCSD is very lucky to get this facility at 
that cost." One hundred thousand 
dollars of the budget remains to "iron 
out the bugs," as Caudillo puts it. Bugs 
include getting furniture for the lobby, 
putting in speakers, adding outlets. etc. 
The only bug that affects users right 
now is a faulty relay switch in the 
jacuzzi, which is temporarily shut down. 

Since students are paying the most 

for the Rec. Center, they are more than 
encouraged to utilize it to the fullest. 
One bit of encouragement is the 
availability of the place. located on 
Miramar Rd . about a quarter of a mile 
from the police station (parking is 
available in lots 12A and 12C), the 
Center is open from 7 am to 11 pm 
seven days a week. Open swim is 
guaranteed from 11 am until 6:30 pm; 
during other hours the pool will be used 
for intercoDegiate and intramural events, 
recreational and PE classes. plus late-
night maintenance. Rrservations for the 
courts can be made either by phone 
(452-6034) or in person up to two days 
in advance. 

. Another bit of encouragement is the 
quality of the facilities themselves. The 
large pool accomodates every kind of 
aquatic activity - with the possible 
exception of scuba diving. The jacuzzi 
(when operating) can relax up to 12 
people at a time. The racquetball courts, 
one of which fealUres a glass waD for 
viewing, are beautiful. One of these 
courts will be temporarily be taken out 
of usage to be turned into a weight 
room. The equipment needed , now on 
order, wiD be instaDed some time near 
.W end o( 196J. and wuljarer b.e • 
moved etsewhere within the l"aciliry. 

The locker rooms look as new as they 
are, with carpeting between the banks of 
lockers, which number 250 each for the 
men and women. For those accustomed 
to the standard lockers found in the 
Main Gym. these will be a pleasant 
surprise; clean and neat, aD are locked 
with a key. No more padlocks means far 
fewer of the thefts that plague the gym's 
lockers. These keys wiD be checl<ed out 
on a temporary basis; there wiD be no 
permanently reserved lockers. Another 
difference with the system used at the 
Main Gym is that there wiU be no towel 
or laundry service available, although 
equipment - i.e. racquetball rackets 
and baDs - should be available for 
rental soon. 

If the great availability and fine 
.facilities of the Canyon View Center are 
not enough to attract you, how about 
the price: free use of everything with a 
student ID or UCSD recreation card. For 

If you are a registered 
student or post-c:toc. 
you are eligible to: 

"Cover Your Bod" 
with 

Student 
Health and 

Accident Insurance 
• Includes Major Medical Benefits • 

Student Premium $41.70 Spouse $52.40 Children $52.40 
-------- Per Quarter --------

Information and applicaHonl are available .at the 
Student Health Center - 452·2123 

Insuronce Representotlve's Hours Monday thru Thul1day, 1:00 - 4:30 

.. 

xpttmber 20. 1983 47 

After months oj delays. UCSD's Canyon View Aquatics and Racquetball Cerner opened In July. Among 
tIlL first major usus of the facility was the men 's watrr polo team, which practices dally in the new pool. 

a guest of a student or rec card holder 
(up to twO guests per sponsor), there is 
a charge of 52 per day for use of the 
pool, 53.50 per hour for use of the 
couns. However. community members 
can not walk in by themselves and use 
the facility. If they are interested, they 
can join the San Diego Aquatic 
AsSOCIation. a group that has made 
several fund-raising contributions to the 
Center. Membership costs 510 per year. 
As an SDM member, they can obtain a 
U~D rec c~ in the salJle way a staff. 
o£" faculty member woufd. Certainly the 
major users of the faCility will be UCSD 
students. faculty . and staff. 

The namesake of the Center is 
another selling point. "It sounds kind of 
corny to brag about our view," says 
Caudillo, "but we'd like to see people 
coming out and lounging around here. 
enjoying this place - making this a 
center for social gatherings." There are 
plans to purchaselatio furniture for just 
such lounging. an after-hours private 
panies for on-campus groups have 
already taken place there. Family days 
have been planned as weD. 

Several different programs and uses 
for the pool have been organized by 
Morgan. Among these are programs for 
diving, age group swimming. master 
swim, and (in the fUlUre) synchronized 
swim. also known as water ballet. Dues 
paid into these programs go toward 
operation of the facility. Morgan is 
responSible for keeping these organized. 

plus maintaining a Hason with the 
SDAA, which has committed itself to 
raiSing community monies to build a 
second pool, also of the 50 meter by 25 
yard Olympic size. The second pool 
wOl!ld be donated to the university so 
that one pool could be reserved solely 
for recreational use. It would be located 
just east of the present facility. 

What most impresses both Caudillo 
and Morgan about the Center is its 
versatility. "Vou can run three or four 
different activities at the same time; no 
longer do we have to serve one program 
at the expense of OIhers." says Morgan. 
For instance, wtth the men's water polo 
team practicing in the mornings, there 
is room for lap swimming as well as 
family recreational swim on the shallow 
end of the pool. ' Our goal is to use the 
facilities as well as we can," adds 
Morgan. 

The directors of the Center are nOl 
the only ones who are enthusiastic 
about the opening. The men's water 
polo team. condemned to the distant 
waters and many hassles of the Miramar 
Naval Air Station pool in the past, has 
jumped right in to the new home pool , 
having practiced in it since August 24. 
But what do you really think of this 
place, guys? "It's fantastic" is the 
immediate response of team member 
Will Bloomer. But don't you miss 
Miramar? "It used to take us 20-30 
minutes just to get to practice." says 

tum to 48 

¢MOIR INTERDISCIPI.INARY SrODIES ~ 
IlECltUITMENT OF DISCUSSION LEADERS FOB 

RUMAN SEXU.AI.ITY COtmSE 

Beginning this faD with Contemporary Issues 196. a 
small number of upper-dMsion students wi! be trained 
as discussion leaders for Contemporary Issues 22, 
"Human Snwllty". to be offered Spring Quarter 1984. 

If you have taken c.1. 22. or are majoring in the life. 
social. or behavioral sciences. you may qualify as a 
discussion leader. Please caD 452-3589 for an interview 
with the instructor. or come to the Muir 
Interdisciplinary Studies OfIice: 2024 H8:SS. 



0IIdal VeldcJe 01 tile v.s. VolleJba:U ANoetaaoa. 

'. 

The Lutheran C~ at 
UCSD 

In9Ita y.u 10 ~ In feith. Hope 
and Love lit 

u ............... w ... Chn:Ia 
.... Be"'N." c-e. 

9595 La jolla Shores DIM 
aaoss the street tom 

ReveD~CoUege 

Worship on Stmdays, 
11:00 am and 7:00 pm 

(new time) 
BfbJe Study on Stmdays, 

10:00 am and 
Wednesdays, 6:30 pm 

Student Suppers on 
Wednesdays, 6:00 pm 

The Rev. John Georae Huber, 
Campa. Fa ..... 

Phone: 4SJ.OS61 or 459-88S5 

FORD BRONCO U 
and the U. S. Volleyball 
Team ... A Tough Team 
to Beat! 

• lWin-Traction 
Beam suspension 
for controlled 
riding. 

• Bronco II has the 
most powerful V-6 
engine-more 
horsepower and 
torque than 
Chevy S-I 0 Blazer. 

• Tighter turning 
radius than the 
S- IO Blazer or 
Jeep CJ's. 

• Removeable rear 
windows and sun 
roof options! 

AT FORD, QUALITY IS 
JOB #I! 

BRO"COD 
IT'S A A 
BRAND NEW J[IC~rq 

Triton 
Team 
Update 
MEN'S SOCCER 

After a rebuilding season last year, 
Derek Armstrong's squad already seems 
to be rebuilt, racing OUt to a 4-1 record 
in the early going. UCSO's only loss 
came 10 Division I powerhouse San 
Diego Slate, 2-1. Since then the Tritons 
have burned Whittier (4-0), Occidental 
(6-0), and Pomona (5-1), while 
upsetting the #1 team in the Far West, 
Claremont, by a 2-1 matgia , The Triton, 
host USIU at 3 pm this Sunday. 
WOMEN'S SOCCER 

The women's season moves from the 
spring to the faU this year, with UCSO 
going 1-2 thus far. coach Jeff Comfort 
has led his team to a 1-0 win over 
Fresno State sandwiched between losses 
to SDSU, 3-0, and UCLA, 3-1. UCSO 
and UCSB tangle tomorrow afternoon at 
Santa Bamara. 
WOMEN'S VOlLEYBAll 

For those used 10 the winning 
seasons these spikers have turned in the 
last few years, featuring a national 
championship in '81 and a runner-up 
showing in '82, an early 0-7 record may 
be difficult to understand. Three of last 
year's starters wiU nOl return, however, 
and every game has been against a 
Oivision I opponent except for the 
contest against Div. II national 
champion UC Riverside. Among the 
TnlOn slayers were San Diego rivals USD 
and USIU plus feUaw UC schools Los 
Angeles, Santa Barbara, Berkeley, and 
Irvine. The Triton Tune-Up Tournament, 
which finished over the weekend and 
featured Div. II and III competition, may 
haw strengthened the club's record as 
they await New Mexico State's arrival at 
Triton Pavilion this Thursday at 6 pm. 
MEN'S WATER POW 

An opening loss to UC Santa Batb;ua 
was foUowed by a shut-out at 
Pepperdine's Wave Tournament, leading 

. to an 0-5 record thus far. AU five 
contests were against tough Oivision. I 
opponents, and the closest of the 
contests was a 12-+ loss 10 host 
Pepperdine. The Tritons are looking 
forward to returning to the friendlr 
waters of UCSO's Rec. Center poo when 
they host powerhouse UC Irvine this 
Saturday at 1 I am. 

Rec. Center 
continued from .. 7 
teammate Lonny Thompson. "That's an 
extra hour of time. Plus there were 
hassles at the gate out there: The 
crowds weren't so hot in Miramar either 
were they? "Maybe we can get some ' 
better crowds out here," adds 
Thompson. With a fine facility in 
UCSO's back yard, that is quite likely. 

For everyone who has nOl yet . 
introduced himself to the Rec. Center, 
the Canyon View staff would like to 
introc:Juce it to you. A belated grand 
openmg IS set for Friday, Sept. 30 from 
1 I am until 6:30 pm. Activities include 
the traditional ribbon-cutting ceremony, 
contests and prizes, nautical 
demonstrations including diving and 
synchronized swim, a racquetbaD 

challen~~ against a professional player, 
plus mini racquetball lessons given as 
time allows to players of all levels. There 
will also be open swim and - relay 
switch permitting - jacuzzi use (don't 
forget your 10wel). And If all thaI won't 
get you out there , here's the clincher: 
free refreshments Will be aV;lIlable. 

The delays were many, and were by 
and large small , annoymg Ihlngs: 
d ogged filte rs . gutter, thar we ren 't 
exactly level . ciectrtc.lI wiring problems. 
,inti so nn BUI nolV Ihe Canyon View 
Aquatics ,inti Ral.'quclball Center IS hen' 
,md It 'S our~ ,mJ it's Illne !O lise 11. 
'-cpt. 30's 'olllc\\,hal hl"\alcd grand 
" penl ng IS iI good ... .\Lu'e to ~tJIl. 

And Ihe re\ [rl.'I.' [",xl 

Charlie Brown 
Visits. Del · Mar 
By MIKE GREENBERG 

As a child, I became enamored of the 
cartoon Strip Ptanuts . No matter how 
corny Charles M. Schultz's character 
portrayals were in his four-window skit 
ewry day, I never grew tired of them. I 
can stiD visualize Charlie Brown running 
up to kick a field goal, only to have 
i.lJcy pull [he ball out from under him. 
Or how about when Charlie Brown was 
pitching in a crucial baseball game that 
would make or break the entire town? 
He wo~ld wind, deliver, and suddenly 
be beSieged by numerous line dnves 
that would invariably end up as 
homeruns. I can still laugh at those 
comical routines today, even though I 
have seen them on televiSIOn and m 
print a thousand times. 

Well , over the summer, I met Charlie 
Brown. He was a bit shorter than I had 
anticipated, and in place of a dreary 
frown , used a Howdy Doody smile. [ 
expected to see him aU alone, waiting 
for the little red-head girls of the world. 
to stop by atld say hello. But in marked 
contraSt, I saw him surrounded by 
adOring fans. 

In real life, he is not clumsy and 
awkward, but graceful and extremely 
gifted . What may be a surprise, 
however, is that thousands of people see 
CharlIe every day and don't even realize 
it. Simply because Charlie Brown is 
going by a new identity, a masquerade 
so unbehevable that Lmus, Peppermint 
Patty, Schroder, Pig Pen, and yes, even 
Snoopy would not recognize him in his 
current Slate. 

His place of residence is California, 
but he does travel often 10 the East 
Coast and 10 the State of Kentucky. For 

Staff: 
a spedal invitation 

to the 
____ . _.= :-;-..:: : -=._ -=4_~::::-= ___ _ _ _ __ _ __ ___ .__ _ _-,-,-,.:c...:...._ 

Open for swimming, aqUatic team "'_ ....... "".., 
free lessons, food, ,, <ioOf 'p~, 

... ".' ... . .. 

oca: Offic •• f Ca ••• a •• r •• tioa 

Jockey Chns McCarron. 

the past month and a half, he has been 
displaying his talents only five miles 
from campus, in a plush setting knoWll 
to the immortal Bing Crosby as "old Del 
Mar." To me and millions of racing 
enthusiasts, Chris McCarron is the best 
horse rider in the land. And America's 
top jockey JUst happens to resemble 
Charlie Brown. 

In the late sixties and early seventies, 
I thought I was watching the most 
talented athlete in the world . He would 
play centerfield and with the crack of a 
bar race back towards [he fence with 
gazelle-like smdes, spm around at the 

tum to 50 

-. - -"..:.:...--



The 
Catholic Community 
at UCSD 

OUT Mass Schedule: 
Weekdays at 5:00 pm 
Weekends: Saturdays at 5:00 pm 

Sundays at 8:30 am, 10:30 am* and 5:00 pm 
in UnitJersity Lutheran Church, N. Torrey Pines 
and La Jolla Shores DritJe 

(*This Mass is held in the Student Center 
Building liB") 

For information, call: fTOm on campus, dial 252 I. From 
ofrcampus, call 452-2521, 453- 1855 or 452-1957. 

Th~ UC Craft. Center 

JEWELRY SALE 
SEPTEMBER 26 - 30 
II MONDA Y - FRIDAY 10 am to S pm II 

OPENS SEPTEMBER 23rd AT A THEATRE NEAR YOU 

Running T's 
conttnutd from 49 
manager has an under·the-table 
agreemenr with owner Ray Kroc that 
prohibits Smith from taking any type of 
evasive action . Two years ago, WiUiams 
was unemployed and looking to manage 
somewhere other than Montreal One 
night, to get away from it aD, he took 
his family to McDonald's for dinner. 
Mter his youngest daughter had just 
finished her "filet-o'-rtsh" sandwich, she 
keeled over in convulsiorts and was 
rushed to the hospital. WiUiarrts 
threatened a multi-miDion doDar lawsuit 
against Kroc, because it was one of his 
McDonald's restaurants that the 
WiUiarrts family had visited. To make a 
long and horrifying story short, Kroc, in 
an eeron to save his company from 
bankruptcy, promised WiUiarrts that he 
would hire him to be the Padre manager 
forever. 

Editor's Notl': The "COVill IT BE?" 
department is jicrilious and should bt 
rtgardcd as such. 

McCarron 
continutd from 49 
last possi6le moment when aD seemed 
lost and make a nonchalant basket 
catch. I was in heaven, and WiBie Mays 
was my god. 

Later, as I began to mature and realize 
that there were things in life other than 
sports - like deep sea fishing - I 
would nod appreciatively when I saw 
OJ. Simpson of the Buffalo Bills make a 
few brilhant stutter-steps before breaking 
away from the pack for an SO-yard 
touchdown run. Julius Erving always 
managed 10 get an "ooh" or "ahh" out of 
me with one of hiS patented high-flying 
dunks, but my heanbeat remained 
stable. I remember how I used to marvel 
at the playfulness of the great Pele on 
the soccer field or the wizardry of 
Gordie Howe on ice. But I always 
managed (0 keep la, perspective. After ' 
aD, these athletes were only playing 
games. Sure, they performed beacr than 
anyone else, but they were no more 
significant than Bamic the butcheT, or 
Ida, the searrtstress down the street. But 
that was before I met Chris McCarron. 
Charlie. 

It's one thing to be able to dribble a 
baH between one's legs or to run through 
tires without tripping, but nothing is 
comparable 10 what a jockey 
accomplishes. Trying to control a 2000-
pound animal when you only weigh 100 
pounds is a monumental task. To be 
able to glide a horse between three 
others and have the ability to urge the 
animal so It will respond to your 
command in the snap of a finger is the 
description of a good jockey. 

But the beauty about McCarron is his 
uncanny knack to bring home horses 
that ordinary riders could only dream 
about. He can communicate with the 
animal like no other. Tough, arrogant · 
horses whlch simply don't feellikc 
running on a particular afternoon will 
run for Charlie. When they are at the 
top of the stretch aD it takes is a pat on 
the neck, and the most beastly of .. ' 
animals will obey and respond 
accordingly. Another race. Another win. 
Good aI' Charlie Brown. 

One thing always managed to bodter 
me about Schultz's cartoons - we never 
wert able to see what became of the 
characters. I always thought lucy would 
make a superb politician, or bureaucrat, 
or both. Unus seemed idealy suited as 
an English professor and Peppermint 
Patty probably would be a Lieutenant 
Colonel in some branch of the military 
by now. I think it was obvious .to aD of 
us that Schroder would be directing his 
first symphony at age 15, while Pig Pen 
naruraDy would be Diretor of the 
sanitation department in New York City. 

As for Charlie, I think everyone deep 
down in hiS heart was rOOling for him 
to overcome hIS adversities and become 
a success. Yet success was noc what 
Charlie strived for. All he wanted was to 
be accepted by his peers and be shown 
affection b) rhose who care about him 
Now he h,IS borh 

The NFL: Back in Full Force· 
By JEFF SAVAGE 

Bizarre things have been known to 
happen. Indian men bum their wives 
for dowry. The first pick in an NFL 
draft is uaded before playing a down. 
The National Enquirer is the most widely 
read newspaper in America. Cocaine 
moves in on the NFL and America's 
team becomes South America's team. 

Gco~ McGovern announces his 
candidacy lor the presidency - again. 
AI Davis is fooled. The Space Shuttle 
toilet cannot work In space. The Rarrts 

The Jets are leaving 
Shea Stadium for the 
Meadowlands next year 
and Davis is looking into 
the possibility of moving-
the Raiders to Shea, 
win twice in a row. 

Nineeeen eighty-two is hiswry. 
Nineeeen eighty-three is suddenly 
(finaly) in, and not a Sunday too soon. 
Let's face it, the fan was abused by the 
NFL last year. a 57 -day midseason 
strike; the disclosures of drug abuse by 
NFL players; a coun decision that struck 
down the L.eague's refusal to allow AI 
Davis to move the Raiders from Oakland 
to Los AnseJcs; the confession by 
Baltimore Colts rookie quarterback An 

Schlichter that he had suffered heavy, 
gambling-related financial losses; and 
accusatiorts in a Public Broadcasting 
Service program that a coach, a 
cpanerback and a defertsive captain on 
an unidentified team had conspired to 
fix 12 games between 1968 and 1970. 
NFL commissioner Pete Rozelle 
described the '82 season as a "very 
distasteful year for players, coaches, and 
owners of the NFL" Pete has always 
been a bit prone to understatement. 
How about '82 as a disgusting year? 

After last season's half-season hilarity, 
we have '83, and only a few weeks into 
the season '83 already makes '82 look 
like an innoce·nt puppy. A few headlines 
you may have missed on your local 
sports page recently: 
-Kansas City running-back Joe Delaney 
drowns· 
-Dolphin linebacker Larry Gordon dies 
in desert heat; 
-Raiders get shafted in royal draft scam; 
-San Diew;> Chargers get tough and build 
new defense; 
-New Cha~r defense gives up 41 points 
in first game; 
- FrusaaIEd Colt rookie pours root bccr 
over Iwd-nosed coach Kush; 
-Elway drafted by Baldmore; 
-Elway traded by Bakimore; 
-Sway hassled In Baltimore; 
-Sway blows up Blkimore. 

Well, maybe I P can1ed away with 
the E1~ sination. He wasn't hassted 
that badly. ~hooo, probably the 

WIth FREE ADMISSION to 
UaD 

VS 
NEW MEXICO STATE 

Thursday, Septembes 22, 6:00 pm 
Discount Season Ticket packages 
available to those In attendance. 

biggest item going right now is the 
ruthless raid on our sacred NF League 
by those pirates over in that other . 
league, the one characterized only by its 
empry seats, shoddy play and fat 
coaches. The USF League hasn't reaDy 
thieved the glitter of our good league. 
You can't say that the acquisition of 
Bobby Scott, Joe Ehrmann and Tyrone 
McGriff cleaned out the NFL house. For 
all we know, the NFL gavt them these 
guys, figuring it wiD speed up the 
coDapse of this pseudo-league. 

But JUSt as the performance on the 
USFL field reeks, the management has 
performed magnificently in storm 
trooping the college ranks for real talent. 
Tom Ramsey, Trumaine Johrtson, Tim 
Spencer, Kelvin Bryant and Chuck 
Fusina were stars in their first years in 
the bigs, jUst as they would have been 
had they joined the NFL It became 
clear, however, that USFL management 
forgot to read the rules on proper 
conduct when they c~\e-robbed 
Herschel Walker before he had a 
chance to get that valuable degree in PE 
from the Uni~rsity of Georgia. Herschel 
was forced into accepting a measly S3.2 
milion for his impatience. 

And now the pirates are going after 
some NFL cream. Dan Ross, Joe Cribbs 
and Billy Sirrts are joining the enemy in 
'84. eris CoUirtswonh, among others, 
wiD ., in '85. But the latest theft 
OCClftd In Houston, where the newly 
formed Gamblers graSbed Doug 

The OffIce of Campus Recreation 
& (BUD U§!!!I present: 
Annual Fall Festival 
on the Green 

fridaY. October 7 
11 a.m. - 10 p.m. 

Williams away from an adverse situation 
in Tampa Bay. But you can't blame 
Williams. Despite reSJlCC!table effoRs the 
last few years for the Buccaneers, the 
veteran quarterback was only the 48th 
highest paid QB in the NFL (Psst ... we 
won't mention that it stiU netted him a 
cool Sl25,OOO a year.) As far as the 
USFL image goes, aD they need now is 
for League Commissioner Chet Simmorts 
to go Olll and buy a set of deluxe eye 
patches to complete the picture. 

The Steelers can't 
throw with Stoudt and 
Franco should be 
drawing Social Security 
soon. 

Speaking of eye patches: the Fresno 
Raiders (Fresno because it's halfway 
between Oakland and U\ - but I'm 
sure you've heard them all) and their 
Jolly Roger owner AI Davis were shafted 
badly in the draft when they proudly 
selected USC guard Don Mosebar in the 
first round, only to find out that the big 
side of bttf had been laid up in a Los 
Angeles hospital two weeks earlier 
with severe back trouble. · Major surgery 

tum to 52 

. featurIng: 

lG, & Dancing Under the Stars 
with the ........ 

Saturday. October 8 
Triathlon. 2 ... 118 Fun Run 
Entry forms and Info available at OCR 
Take the Plunge a Trl-III 

CAMPUS RECREATION 



• 
.. 

JIl4KE USE 01' rooR WIIC'ATlOIY AIYD GET DIE /fIllST VERS.4l1U 
IIfC-IIE 8BOO COI'fPUl'ER srsTDi OR TilE I'IEC ADWUYClD 

PfIlSOML CCJIIf~R TOR rOOR n~OIY.4L CAUl'IllII/I, WORD 
PRoct:SSI/YG, 'ROIIlDf-SOLVlI'IG, NYD S1UU BUSII'I~ 

srsJVfS AT UI'IK-'lWff COIIPU1f~ NYD BVSlIf~ srsnl'ls 
CORPORATlOI'I 

HERPES 
Thll wondIIr drus InoIjpIIIx II i1 1M i156 

countria ID ~ 00"** Mrpa. 
InosIpIcx '* won Franca', IIIOIt 

PliIiIItI!IWI medIcII~. 
InaIIpIa ....... U1tw outb'UIII i1 
~otthe~ 

InaIIpIa ~ dIIv .. ~ b'/ I liliiii, 
Innovatlvll Cellfornll pharmlCeuticll 
houIc. We ALso n.ue: 

, 1m: I't:r\phcrals Sid! as HlgIIl'erformMct CfttnI and Amber Monitors. Supreme GrIp/IIa 
IIId Color I'tonltor. "tc Wide Dot Mltrtc and Letter Quality PrInters' OIat Sdectloa 01 
softwIrt ' Elcellalt collection 01 Computer !looks • High QuIIIlty 5'-'" and 8" DI.tkettes 
Including colaml diskettes • AccesIorIes. Computer Forms. IIId PIper • Highly QIIIIIIIecI 
Specialists and Provide Consultallcy and TraIning. 

InaIIpIa '* jilt ban approved bflhll 
c.n.s.. pwM.1t. 

InaIIpIa II not IIPPIwed b'/ IhII u.s, 
0UtIIr Mel..... and I few othIr 
Pla,' ..... ".,.. 

InaIipIIIx ......... i1 MDk:D. 

SnaAI. TO UCSD S11JHIn'SI 
Show your current student II) and get 
10Clb discount on all diskettes. books, 

and computer paper. 

UrlK-r1Wll COIIIPVnIS ArID 
IVSIrIESS S1SftlllS cOIlFOMnon ' 
7J90 ..... lid. ~-109: SIn Diego. CA 92121 
(619) 566-9660 

FrIIII rtpOrt tar IIIIfIIwI (norHUII'trwI 
'1.00). ___ 

4' ..... ,.... .... 
........ 

.. -..-,ra. ..,. 
....... 

AI ..... Wi...,,,II. 

When JOU're in a tight spot, 
good friends wiD 1Bp)'OD out. 

, 

When you pulled in two hours ago, you didn't 
have this problem. And with a party just starting, 
the last thing you wanted to du was 
wait around another two hours. 

Neither did the rest of the guys. 
So when they offered to give you 
a lift, that's exactly what they did, 
proving not only that they were 
in good shape, but that they 
were good friends. 

So show them what apprecia-
tion is all about. lhnight, let it 
be L6wenbriiu. 

LOwenbriiu. Here's to good lrierD. 
< 1983 Beer B~ .n USA by Miller Brewong Co • M".,..... WI 

: 

NFL force 
conti"utd from 51 
was nquind, and Mosebar's services 
may not be available ' to the Raiders at aU 
this year. AI Davis didn't do his 
homework, but actuaBy AI had a 
legitimare excuse: the Jets are leaving 
Shea Stadium for the Meadowlands next 
year, and Davis . is looking into the 
possibility of moving the Raiders to Shea. 
The reason is not to generate mon income 
via a large cable market but simply to get 
out of the half-empty Coliseum for the sake 
of not being misW<e'n for a USFl 
franchise. 

Quiz #1: What happened to the 
Cincy Be.? QuiZ answer: One-
dimensional offenses aren't successful 
anyman, and when Cincinnati lost 
bruising fullback Pere Johnson to a four-
game suspension for' cocaine use, the 
ream lost its running game and was 
doomed to failure . Going winless in the 
pre-season isn't the end of the world, 
but to lose the first three prnes of the 
ngular season when you're supposed 10 
win is rather embamssins. Forrunately 
for the llengals, they play Tampa Bay 
this weekend, and the Buccaneers, with 
the loss of Douggie Williams (sounds 
like Cosell, doesn't it?) wiD suffer 
through the '83 season with a no-

Lofton has some 
smooth endzone spikes 
too, so maybe Pack fan~ 
should start calling him 
the WISconsin cheese. 
dimensional olfense. 

Another break for Gncy is that no 
other team in the AFC Central is any 
good. The Sl£ders can't throw with 
Stoudt, and franco should be drawing 
Social Security soon. The Browns' 
embanassing billion doUar defense 
makes them a mediocre club at best. 
And the Oilers ... wcD, the Oilers will be 
worse this year than they were last, if 
that's even possible. Cincinnati will win 
the Central without managing a winning 
record. llelieve it. 

And how 'bout them Seahawks? If 
Zorn avoids throwing to Largent when 
the crafty wide receiver is triple-teamed, 
the offense will .be able to put a few 
points on the board and anow the 
ddense to win them some baD games. 
Having an athlete like Kenny Easley in 
the secondary improves it 100%. 

Quiz # 2: What team did the Chargers 
trade John jefferson to? Quiz Answer: 
Wait a minute. Let me look it up. Oh, 
yes, the Green Bay Packers. J], has done 
such a wonderful disappearing act that 
Pack fans are beginning to caU him the 
Wisconsin Houdini. On the other side, 
James Lofton is becoming the mad pyro 
by constantly burning the defense. 
Lofton has some smooth end-zone 
spikes too, so maybe Pack fans should 
start caDing him the Wisconsin Cheese. 
The Packers won't go too far, however, 
because the defense is horrible . 
EventuaUy disgusted Pack fans wiD start 
calling the .Packer defense the Swiss 
Cheese. 

And what are the Rams winning two 
games in a row for? They have no 
bU5i~ss winning footbaD games. 
Regardless of their coach. Don't teU me 
the Rams have decided to spare their 
fans some early season frusrration this 
year by somehow managing to avoid 
being mathematically eliminated befon 
the nfth week of the season. Not to 
worry, though. If they sneak into the -
playoffs this time, they'D be sure to 
break the fans' heans in the first round. 

The coaching siruation has cenainly 
become interescing. Eight coaching 
changes in the league this year? That 
turnover rate has to be some son of 
record. I think UCSD held it pnvlousiy. 

This year's Super Bowl entljlnts: the 
New York Jets and the DaUas Cokeboys. 

Naked greed on display in Del Mar 
By THOMAS RANKIN 
"A worried capitalist is lillt a co~t; he 
always presages some disaster for the 
world." 
-The Count of Monte Cristo 

Alexandre Dumas was quite correct in 
his analysis of man's nature , but the 
above thought was not one to be 
muUing over at Del Mar last Wednesday. 
There were more worried capitalists in 
presence than you could shake a Racing 
Form at . They stood with eyes bulging as 
thousands of pounds of horseflesh 
pummeled its way down [he home-
stretch , the animals' mindless exertion 
detennming the fortune of a screaming 
crowd. 

Horse racing is not for everybody, but 
it should be. There is more pathos, grief, 
joy, and naked greed on display than in 
any other big-draw event on Earth . It 
belongs in America. 

of this year. In the ft,nal race he was 
aboard Explosive Twist, reaching for 
·What seemed certain viCtory, when 
Catfish Taylor, a 30 to 1 long-shot, 
scampered out of the pack in a blur of 
vibrant color and passed both Explosive 
Twist and the other favorite , Norbet It 
was a thrilling, if somewhat cruel, finale 
for the season. 

Jockeys, we have seen, were not the 
only bright spot under the muggy 
overcast. The eighth race featured , and 
was totally dominated by, Althea, 
daughter of Alydar. The two year old 
fiOy, which was bred and is owned by 
Akroyd, Alexander and Groves of 
Kentucky, won [he race going away by 
eight lengths. This marked her fourth 
victory in five races ( the other was a 
second), adding further credence to 
many experts' belief that she is a prime 
candidate for horse racing's Triple 
Crown. Last Wednesday was particularly 

frenzied , because as the last day of the 
1983 season, it drew hard- and soft-core 
afficionados alike for one last day in the 
sun . A steady onshore breeze cooled the 
sweltering temperatures to merely 
miserable after noon and, by the third 
race, the grounds were Slrewn with 
empry cups and losing tickets. 

The great two-year-old filly AIt~ta. ridden by La.JJit I'Incay Jr , gallops to a btg wIn at IXI Mar. 
The end of this season was a severe 

blow to hard-core race junkies, but 
those who do not wish to await next 
year's 43-day meeting can always trek 
down to Caliente in Tijuana, where 
$5.00 gets you into a full-service turf 
dub. At any rate, it is a comfort to know 
that the ponies will always be running 
somewhere, breaking the pocketbook, 
but filling the soul with an elusive ray of 
hope. After all . no matter how much you 
lose, there's always the next race. 

The weather may have been less than 
ideal , but the field of jockeys and horses 
was ample reward for the day's 
discomfort. Willie Shoemaker, with a 

total of over 8,000 career wins, was 
featured in five of the nine races and 
was very popular with the crowd. 
During the post parades, those who 
were close to the track would caU out, 
"Cmon, Shoe'" and other terms of 
endeannent as they bobbled and pecked 
towards the poor man like hungry hens. 

One Hour Service in most cases 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

(Next to ","",,,.-r.r. 
457-1515 

I«LUDIS: 
Contact lenses, examination, 
patient training, totlow up, 
chemical care kit and fitting. 
EXiENDiD WEAIl LD8IS 
ONLY .... OO 

THE CLASSICAL EYE 
La JoUe WJage ~ 

(Inside the MeII; Lower Level) 
865 7 Wia La Jolla DrIve • Suite 136 

451-7374 

------------, I 

I I 
I ----------------------------------~ 

The Shoe, however, took it aU in stride . 
Another great , with what promises to 

be a long and brilliant career ahead of 
him , was at Del Mar for the season 
close. Chris McCarron has been the 
world's winningest jockey for the past 
three years and has won an eye-
popping 63 of 239 stans since July 27 

elcome -To 
UCSD! 

We're here to satisfy your 
Cycling Needs: 

Transportation Competition 
Touring Sport 

Recreation 
Exercise 

Last but certainly not least-

UCS 
BIKE SHOP 

Fun! 

We're in the 
from the Pub. 

bikes and parts 
ever, or call 

452-42 



Student Special ' 
Unlimited Classesl 

$8 weekly With a 4 week minimum purchase, Offer Good At Both Locations wHh your Student I D. 

CONDITIONING© 
PROGRAM OF 

LA JOLLA 

WORKOUTS THAT WORK 
ANY WAY YOU LOOK AT IT 

I -
.' 

Created bV Lee Clark. 15 Years Experience in Aerobic Fitness, Conditioning & Resistive Exercise. Member Physical Fitness 
Association 
Advisor: Jack Clark. 30 Years Experience. Owner/Founder of Largest Independent Health/Fitness Centers - Over 300 In U.S. 
• Partner in Richard Simmons Anatomy Asylum. Innovator of Exercise Classes for Women. Educational Background In 
Kinesiology, Physiology, Body Building & Nutrition. 

A luxurious workout environment for men a women. Health conditioning workouts that 
rapidly & dramatically increase circulation, strengthen. trim & tone, making you look & feel 
better physically & emotionally. We don't sell memberships. We sell resuHs, Offering over 

50 classes a week. 

7614 Fay Ave., Shingle Lane 
La Jolla 

455·1225 
8849 Villa La Jolla Drive 

La Jolla Village Convenience Clr. 
457·2557 

Omnibus 
Sale An ..... 1"1 mixture 01 PIer I's molt popular Items at apedal prtces all this week. 

..... ''In 
s.Ie 12. 

Res. 1 • .••. 81' 2r 
pillows In assorted 
colon & prints. Save 

,~" on each one! 
Give to a coed reo 
turnl", to dorm. 

I 

d 
':'" ..... ~cMIn 

.1.29 ".19. 
....I.'t9.WhIIIa ... Rei· 29 .99 . a .. le 
e".ar •• 'th one beechwood ".",e 
ertdn:1 .... blue hne .• Iid 8eItIc: pl~ 
dftItn :twd by .. WIth natur .. 1 fIn-
Plt'r I. _sher lilt . Stout ."0 51",-
ule. From Italy. DIe. 

o \, 
_ ..... 
WeIAt 

Ree. 1.99. Save n~ 
GIl I white ..rIte,,-
--.. .. wId! ...... 
~'. rl", 0' blue . 1 .... _, life. 01 
COU". From Italy. 

........ LII............ I I lC",cUIr I 
. ! 

2ft off s.Ie 1.29 i " .. 6o". I s.Ie:29 .. 
Ree. 149 each . HI- ' _I.69.lIIhlteearth. ! Rei· 699Q & 89.99. Rei 1999 Our ~4' 
ball and dollble old- . e"wlfe with one . "na" h .... dbolrds IFII ecortOrIiy kl", 01 
, .. hlOlied t'lsses I endrc' .... blue line. I IIiIIIe old beds look hand_veIl bu,l Is 
with red. blue or yet- . SIIItIIIkItY made so i "". 19" rwln ilnd~· perfect 'er den or 
low stripII. Stock up jltYli.tll ~, double Slles From sun room Cushion 
aIid ..-e. ute. FIOIIi Qly. I Halle "one I extra. Pltllipptnes 

I 

I 
CIItI 
~I'. .. .,.. 

.... J............ .... ,. .... 119.99. Ali 1.,. " .99 HI"d-
blue canon 4lIdI 011 " 'of hand_veIl __ ..... ...... 
whit. elil..,efl.d burl CI" dl.ld. I ........ jorceou. 
.tftl Ir.",e. Ca",c _1tIId ~ piece of lunltu,.. 
pick up I club It .. __ . ~7rH. Value In versatlllty. 
PIer I . From hal,. fte ..... Ie. F_ Hone KO!II. 
-........ --...... ..-10 _ on _ . no .. dIicIoo. 

1 
____ oUI.lN. ... u .. 

,... ..... 
...... I6C 

R.t· 2tc. " dalen 
......... GIIIy .... 
cents! CoIDIfuI Cln· 
cI\q rw table, m.n-
lei, .......,.11. Ucht 
1Iid~ .. 

IAJOUA e._, 
5731 .... joIIIlIIvd. .... Canno ..... 

... ,," ,...... 
1.&.-& ... ...., 

jpcbott c:.roumanr Center Con1Ir 01'·5 a w ..... on ., ... 
_ .,. 3320 5poIu haw 1Ivd. IIIIIIT 

L 
III 

SfIN IB.JIE. MeIdoo. October 21-23. $105. 
lAIutouI beach tent acoommodaItOI .. 
III:npolulb. 00f'Il)IIrneI1I'aI v bCI'. GET-A-
WAY lOUIS. 27~)(310. (1nquN about 
OU' gIOUP dIoounII) (1013) 

1RNRC a.ASSES. COUIt ~ Sat, b\ 
... '-'d d lA'w.ntty Towne Centnt. MIllIon 
'«IIII¥ and La ~ AegIII.db. 566-1767. (11'"> 
FaIt, CJCXUIIaM high ~ tw:*'G .wee 

tern~ IIIPQIfI ,..".. and thIIII. Tel 
C-1_(9/'R) 
r.m papeII- n..- ~III taiba Low rat-. 
bIt.....a. ~rw-~ La Jolla (6/7) 
l't'PING - fooJIIy/Studentl. QJalII'( WOIk 
Rec&w d:lIw !aiel. Tapel also. ~. 469-
5118. (10/24) 

WHArs THE 
DIFFERENCE? 

1he dIIferance: A lNritten 
Guaantea. We hc:Mt student 
dIIcounts. and 8\/en1ng hours. 

juIt lice manv other Ihopa. But. 
unlike others. we bcJc1( up oM OUt 
work In writing. If, aItef we'lle cut. 

pamec1 Of coioIed VOJI hair, vou're 
not c::orTl)Ieteiv hoppv. call us within 

.,.,., do/$. We'll redo your hair at no 
8Kha charge. That's 0 biV dllfelellCEI. 

9AM to OPM Man. • HI. • Sal. 
9AM Iv> 8PM T~ • WIld. • lhun. 

La Jolla VIllage Convenience Center 
NeKt to Ralphs and $Ov-On 

457-3334 



56 ptembtr 20, 1983 

LCO 
UCSDS 

EBACK 
DE 

) . " 

, 

.' 

Wcu1IJyollllelCiugoiBeen. . ~ There's a tradition at Anheuser-Busch. A tradition that says ne~ ~ be satished until you ve achieved the best. Now, out oJ this tradition, 
comes a h'qht beer worthy of the King 01 Beers. One with a clean, distinc-
tive taste. Budweiser Light. . . 

It took time. Patience. And a quest for quality that Jed to the proud list 
of ingredients and the Beechwood Aging process made famous by the 
King of Beers. 

. We know the best never comes easy Thats why theres nothing else 
like it. 

IIrmgoal 
• 

I 
• 


