


PAX POU'SEMIA, UC D's newest 
magazine of literature and ideas seeks 
ncuon , poeu)', CrItiCIsm, and argument 
from the campus community. Direct 
your submIssIons to the Depanment of 
Litera ture . H S 4009, no l.uer than 
Monday, November 28. 

• UC San Diego and an DIego Mesa 
College have entered into a cooper,ltive 
exchange program for students who 
wish {Q attend classes at both campuses. 
Under the three-year pilot program, 
Mesa students will be able to take 
Univer.my courses not offered at their 
college while working IOward their AA 
degrees. UCSD students will have the 
oppommity to li-ke a number of lower 
division and preparatory courses offered 
at Mesa but not at UCSD Panicipants in 
the exchange must be enrolled as full-
time students and must meet the 
admission requirements of both 
campuses. They will register and pay 
fees only at their home campuses. 
Enrollment in the courses on each 
campus will be open on a space 
available basis. Chancellor Richard C. 
Amkinson , called the agreement an 
important step in the growing 
cooperation between the twO segments 
of public higher education. 'The 
exchange comes at a time when budget 
restraints are forcing a limitation in the 
diversity of courses we Can offer: he 
said. 

• Richa rd M. Peters, MD of UCSD has 
been awarded a $72,000, one-year grant 

from the National Hean:, Lung and 
Blood Institute to study hean: and lung 
interaction tn post -trauma lung edema. 
In hi s research , Dr. Peters will study the 
interaction between methods of 
restoring circulation from shock and 
lung failure and the effects of operations 
and injunes on chest muscles and rIbs. 
Post-injury and post-operative patients 
develop prOblems In gas exchange -
getting oxygen to the body and releasll1g 
camon dIOXIde for three reasons, Dr. 
Peters saId Pauents may have problems 
with lungs, circul,lIion or, WIth surgical 
patients only, chest muscles and ribs. 
Computers WIll be used in the study 10 
analyze lung and he,tn functions as well 
as the am unt of water in the lungs, 
Different types of fluids for replacing 
lost blood also will be evaluated , as well 
as special X-my techniques for assessing 
chest wall functions. 

• 
The biologic<ll significance of sugars 

which coat cells will be the subject of 
twO research grants totaling $320,000 
awarded by the National Institute of 
General Medical Sciences to Ajit Varkl, 
MD, assistant professor of medicine, 
and Hudson Freeze , PhD, assistant 
rese<lrch biochemist of the UCSD 
Medical Center, Through the studies 
Drs. Varki and Freeze will view these 
sugars whIch coat the cell surf<lce, 
contrasting differences on those of 
normal and malignant cells. The cells of 
humans, mice and D. discoideum , a form 
of amoeba, will be studied. 

Che, Guardian stay put, 
KSDT expands signal 
By CHRISTOPHER CANOlE 

LIst FrIday at 8 am a new future 
dawned for increJsed cooperJ llon 
between UCSD students ,md the 
Administration as the Student Center 
B<Mrd voted unanimously to fund the 
renov,1I\0n ,md expansion needed to 
SJve the Che Cafe <lnd GuardIan 
buIldIng lrom demolition and to expand 
KSDT's broddcdsting rdnge after their 
members c.lIml), prcsented 
comprehcnsive proposals of theIr needs. 

Chc elfe member W.lhlla MIller set 
the .umosphere 01 cooper.1Iion with her 
npcnIng st,ltement: "Before we get down 
[0 concrete fIgures ,md propos.lls. It IS 
lI11pon.tnt 10 rC.lssess the ISSUC .md find 
.1 common ground . In the p.1St twO 
weeks wc h.\\'c scen 100 much 
unneecss.ll), slOnc throwlIlg. ThiS 
Illee[lng could become .111 unproductIve 
conlrom.lIIon il we lail 10 re.llize our 
common go.11 It I~ de.lr th.u the CB. 
rhe Gt/(/I"(lulII , .Ind the Che elle 

. Colleellve I.md KSDTI eXIst lor the S.1I11C 
re.I>OI1 . to prol'ld.: lor studel1t needs. 
Consequentl)'. It IS lI11per.It\I'e Ih.1I ,Ill 
.Irgumcms, deCISIons . • lIld .ICllons be 
b.lscd lm this justdk.ltIlm. A sllnplIfied 
Jsscssmem III IhlS mee[ll1g .IS ,I 
conlrnm.ulon bctwcen sl'lI -ll1ll're,ted 
student llrg,ml ;:,lIIons .lg.lll1st the .wn 01 
th,' Admlnl~tr.ll1nn b crrOl1enus .md nnt 
III tlte be~t Intcrcst III the student 
UllhlltW: I1CIC, we ,til rcprl',ent " 

LeslIc Peter,. K Dr, gClll'l.tI 1I101l1.lgCI . 
drn.ll1lll'.II1)' strcsscd thc 1.llul' nl I<..'"D I 
[0 UCSD :.tudcnts. hl)[h 011 - .1I1d 011 -
umpu, Peter, reqttc,ted lunds to 
purch.ISl' .1 mICnlw.\\,e Ir.ln511lllter [0 
ree, tablIsh theIr lInkup \lllh 
lluthll'e,tern elblc's )QQ,QOllll,tcocrs, 

whICh W.IS Interrupted when 
')oUlhwcstern mlll'ed Irom Mt oled,ld 
[(l Bl.lCk ~IOUI1l.lln lor better 
tr,\I1SmlSSlon 

"I \\'.IS \'Cry ple,l>t:u 1\ llh the " B 5 
comlllltment [() thl' b.ISIC co-op ,pInt. 
s.\ld Peters. KSDT. Che CJk. ,mt! the 

Guardrail were 111 J One-tII11e only need 
Si tudtlon . and the CB reve,lled that 
they are willing to cooperate to meet 
those needs." 

Wahil,1 Miller, ChI.' Cafe Co-op 
member. g,lVe a history of the SCB 
reta[lonshlp with Jnd responSIbIlIty to 
Che Cafe and the GuardraIl. Then Henry 
Rosen outlined the ChI.' Cafe's in-depth , 
and professlOn,J\ counter-proposal to the 

CB's $47,000 CStlmJte, totalIng $15,000, 
Then Rosen expressed the Che Cafe's 
Interest III bccomIng more self-suffiCIent 
in thc luturc ,tnd less dependent on the 
SCB. ThIS could comc .lbout through 
purch.lsmg II I long-tcrm equ Ipment . Thc 
bll.1rd voted m 1,lvor 01 both proposdls 

"T od.l)'s bo,ml l1leell ng pOtnts up the 
ddemm.1 th.H we now LICC, J need lor 
more student l,lCllitles," S.l ld Tnm 
Tucker. dire<.:lllr 01 thl' CB "1 hIS is .1 
wondcrful cx.lInple 01 the CB's ,1t[l'mpt 
IL1 rc.lch nut ,tnd Intcr.l<:t 1I'ltlt nu r 
slL1dcnts ,tnd thclr nccds. ThIS IS .In 
Ick.11 kl nd nl represcnt.ltinn ,md 
COlllmlll1lc.lI1nn . It dl'mnnstr,l[es the 
t)'PC nl l'llll t 1"01 )tudents shlluld h.ll'l' ." 

Alter t\l'll ),C.tr5 II I l'llllst.tnd), 
subll1 i Il 1\1),; 1111 pWl'l'lllC nt requcsts. 
Cllan/"'lt bU) ln ~,) lI1.ln.l)!,l'l ChrI~ MIlkc 
)t.m'd . "II the o;Cllc,lrm', mit thclI 
llll1l1nltllll' nt. I \l'IlI be h,I(1(1)' When 
)'llLlr Cmpkl)'CC~ ,Ire nllt Irl'l':ll1g 111 the 
II I ntl'l. It 1Il,lkl', Inl ,I beller 
nrg.IIlI:.ltI11n FIn,lll)' liT h,I\(' )lll1ll'l)\ll' 

,\..~ .111'" B dIn~ (t(l r \l'h'l h.b the 
,luthnrIl) I,) ,llllll.lIl' IUl1d~ Illr Illuch-
l1eedcd rCnnl',lll111l 

On thc nIght bdllll' thc ,,>U3 liltl' . 
Ihrllugh the II"l\1d ,\I1d r,lIn III the 
Il1lpl' ndll1g ,tllrIn , lllll' l.lluld he,ll l:1 

nndllr P.IS.I" lllllllll)!. IWIll the Chl' 
elle 'Td r,lIhcr bc .1 Ime"t th,1Il .1 ,I rl'l'l 
Yc, I \l'ould II I lllltld . I surd)' \l'llllld 
LIke' the wndnr Chl' C,Ile' ,lilt! the 
GI""tI','1I I dll' lll~e III <"1111(11,111. ,lilt! 
I1llll' Ihl')' knn\\' \l'h.1l It 1..Ikl''' III "U I' Ill' 

AS Forum 
- second of two parts -

COllllllissioller OJ COlllllluniwtions TIIlI Pickwell and IllS supporta_ IIced 1,000 
srudelll signatures It) ,/ualify a rcJl'rl'lldulli wlllllg Jor the (t)l1solldarwn (1 Ihe 
allemalill!: medIa publications La Voz Fronreriza. The People's Voice, the new 
indicator and Sappho Speaks. Allhough " is ,/ueslionable if the /"i'qUi/ed signaUtrt:s 
Will he obtained ill lime /0 qualify}or the ballot at the end oj Ihls Illmllh, the alternative 
newspapers haw been unanimous III Iht'lr denundation oj CcJIIlllliSSIO'lCf PICkwell '5 
proposal. In last Thursday's edilioll oJthe Guardian, an intnvlew with Fl"(lIIcis Feely oJ 
I hl' new indicator collect hoe and Puul Lazerson oj L'Chayim appearl'd. In today's 
Issue Luis Cueva, an edilor of La Voz Fronteriza,discusses his pOSilion and that 0Jhis 
publtcation in a'l inlelViL"W wilh Ihe Guardian. The People's Voice, was 1I0t 
avaIlable Jor commenl. . 
GuardUln: How do you feel about Commissioner of CommunICalion Tim 
Pickwell's referendum th,1t proposes to consolidate the La Voz Fronlfnza with 3 
of the other alternative mediJ publications? 
Luis Cueva of La Vot FronlD1~ It's another sign of increasing racism on this 
campus. I'm really worried and sad by the lack of sensitivity by people on this 
campus toward ethnic people. I think this is another anempt at academic 
genocide against ethnic people. As it is enrollment of Mexican and Chicano 
students has dropped from about 400 students three or four years ago to about 
200. I also think it is part of a growing right-wing mentality of our nation as a 
whole , where ever/one wants to blame every socio-economic problem that this 
country faces on ethnic people, you know, people complaining about the 
welfare state .... I guess we get too much money for our newspaper .... The key 
word nowadays is reverse diSCrimination, or unabashed racism in my opinion. 
Any time you talk to anybody these days about the problems of racial conflict 
and how ethnic people are discriminated against, the first thmg you hear is, 
"Don't give me that, there is more reverse discrimination now then there ever 
has been," and this kind of thing. And it makes me sad, because I'm an 
American. I was born in this state, raised in this comraunity for close to 30 years, 
and I just see the situation has not improved since I was a little kid. It's only 
gotten worse. Look at what Mr. Pickwell is asking. Lump all organiZJtions, in his 
eyes, that are socialistic together, He's saying that everyone that writes for P. V., 
La Voz Fronteriza. are espousing some son of socIalism .... I think it's his personal 
bias against people of color. I also think it is his personal bias agamst the 
philosophy some of us do hold on this campus, which is socialism. 
GuardUln: What do you think should be the criteria for funding alternative 
media on this campus? 
La Vat: He IPickwell1 is talking about popularity being the criteria for funding 
campus newspapers. This is a mentality that is totally alien to anything I've ever 
been brought up with. As long as I've. ever been a student, I've held the 
conviction that the community is the body of the people, the people that in the 
end , through taxes and other methods, suppon this university .... And th<lt 
includes Me~ican people. And that includes blacks. They should have a cenain 
representation on this campus, This campus is not SImply a place where upper-
middle-class, can send their children. This is a State campus, this is a public 
campus. We have a history of being on this campus, and we will continue to be 
on this campus, Jnd we want a voice. We feel we have done nothing to break 
any rules of the media board; we have been very efficient. We have never wasted 
money, we cenainly have never pocketed any money. We JUst Cdn't understand 
people anacking us on this business of "you all have the same ideas; so you all 
can publish under one newspaper." Why doesn't Pickwell put the Koala under 
this he<lding of everybody publishing under one newsPJper? Why ,Ire they 
eliminated? Why are they different? First of all , it's beCdUse he's pan of their 
program. He IS personally bIased; that IS why he dId it. Second of all, the people 
who work for the Koala arc upper middle class white kids. Third of all , he does 
not care for our politiCS. It 's probdblya personal bias of mdny of the people who 
suppon it. h's total racism to want to lump IOgether people like that. "To cut 
costs we're going to lump the black people with the Mexicans, the anJrchist5, 
the radicals." Doesn't he have ways in his own mind of separating and 
catdgorizing us the way we should be as <I nationality, as a people who have 
distinct interests apan from other people who hJvt' a dilTerent perspective on 
life and socIety? They don't know what our struggle is all about. We have 
problems of the border, we have problems ofg.Jng warfare, we have problems of 
unemployment, of langUdge .. .. We could not 111 dny possible way put out a 
newspaper th,lt is going to Colter to everybody's needs. To do that you might <IS 
well just close down the offices here and say nobody IS gomg to pubhsh , because 
lI'e don't Wdnt ),ou to. It's that simple to me. Eitheryou Ict these p,lperscontinue 
in their form.lI , you let [he block people write for their constituency, let us write 
for ours. dnd let the new indiw/(I" write for theirs . Olherwise 10 me it 's just.l racist 
anack. I know 10 Tim Pickwell we .1111ook the s.lme, but unlonundtdy for him we 
.lre nOt the 5.lme. 
Guardian: L" Va:: Fnmlcri::a dnd other newsp.lpers h.1Ve been criticized for 
distributing thous.mds of issues on' cdmpus. Do you led thI S criticism is 
jusllfled? 
La VOt: Our p.lper \\',15 cre.ued in 1975 to address SllInC nf the horder prllblems, 
to communirdte with the communit)', [{l recruit Sllmc people onto thIS L;,lmpus 
Irol1l the (ommunir)' ... We think we h.lI'c done .mllutshmdingjob ... . I thmk we 
h,lI'C .t responsibiltt)' tll distribute [0 the community. nOl only .1 desire or 
ICkllloglC.11 L:Ol11ittl11ent. Our p.lpl'r IS wdl re,ld 111 the COIl1Il1Unll)'. We're one of 
the only bIlmgudl nc\\'sp.lpcrs in the <:llunrry And \I'e lIve 111 this l'llI11I11UnIt)', 
II'hl.:h I'; ll1ll' 01 the Inost hilingu,til"llll\llllll1ltle:. 1\1 the ,,'untT)'. Thesl' pl:llplc 
need dn outlet, they need a voice, they need somebody 10 communicate the 
II1lormation concerning the world , the campus and our community. These 
people need a voice, and they need informdtion outside the LA TIIlles and the 
Sun 01('80 Ullion, who give the!r little dedication to "I,mno" issues. We have 
tended not to sell advenisements. ThIS I~ not because we Jrc lazy and don't W,lIlt 
III go out ,Ind sell them. We don 't feel It would be good for our new,paper. We 
h.we ,m Ideological orientatlon ... that proVIdes .111 altem.luve voice. When d 
MeXIcan reJds dboU[ EI Salvador 111 the San Dlcgo Unwn or the U\ TII1\e~ he's 
getllng ,I very distoned vIew of whdt IS hJPpenIng 10 hI S people , hIS race 01 
people In ulin Americd. We proVide In alt('rn.1tive , dnd I feel we do it pretty 
elfeCtlvely, and people dppre<:\,tte It. I don't think people like Tim PIckwell 
unc!erst.lI1d thl, kind of thing I think to them the whole Issue IS Illy little AS 
funds: I WdS elected therefore I can do .lnythll1g with thI S money I want, He docs 
not look ,It the tradItIOn of publtshll1g eight years on tillS campus ... He thinks 
the ani), thing .In altemative campus nCWSPJper should do IS pubhsh jokes lIke 
thl' Koala docs. 

KGB-CIA double agent 
leaks tricks of the trade 
By MARTIN VON RUDEN 

Vladimar Sakharov remembers that 
when he was lecturing last month in Los 
Angeles, "I saw this great big sign, 'CIA 
RECRUITS, ROOM 303. FOR 
INTERVIEWS UNE UP HERE.' I said to 
myself, if they're recruiting on the 
campus of USC, they must be in 
trouble: 

Sakharov, a former KGB-CIA double 
agent, WclS at San Diego State's 
Montezuma Hall last week not to recruit 
for either side but to lecture on "The 
CIA and the KGB in the Third World." 

Now recognized as an authority on 
Soviet-Mideast strategies, SakharO\' 
defected to the United States in 1971 
after a year's service as a CIA double 
agent. "I'm not a spy anymore; I'm a 
proud American citizen," is how 
Sakharov opened his speech. He's now 
publisher-editor of the corporate weekly 
newsletter Foreigll Intelhgence and Risk 
Managemenl and hvtng in Los Angeles "a 
long way from the KGB." 

TrJining of KGB agents to operate III 
the Middle East has been going on 
since 1956, Currently, Russia has about 
2400 Arabist agents, tmined In the 
language and culture, operating 111 all 
the Arab counues, including SaudI 
Arabia and Persidn Gulf states. "These 
are sktlled and seasoned Intelligence 
officers," says Sakharov. "This is going 
to present a tremendous lI1flux of SovIet 
interests in that area, and it's also gOll1g 
to JeopardIze America's lI1terests ." 

Directly dffected dre US mIlitary sales to 
that area that amount to $4.5-5 bilhon 
in revenue ilnd America's supply of 
Middle EdSt oil , which if halted would 
undermine the Westem economic 
system. "Their priorities are to get rid of 
Americans. get rid of American 
business," he explains. "The Russians 
have planted the seed of insurgents and 
a lot of turmoil in that area." 

Although the KGB manual still lists 
the United States as enemy number one, 
Sakharov doesn't want Americans to get 
the wrong impression. "There are 
definitely some rnisconcepts about KGB 
officers. One of them is that he is a 
man wearing drabby clothes, sneaking 
around the comer, knocking ofT people, 
destablizing local governments and all 
those nasty things," he says. "He doesn't 
wake up and think about enemy 
number one, the United States; he 
probably thmks about the score of the 
soccer game last night, whether he is 
going to get meat on the table tomght 
and how long his wife witl stand in line 
to get it." 

Sakh.Jrov remembers. "Unle by little the 
culture in our house W.1S quite dIfferent 
from the culture on the streets of 
Moscow. My father tOld me tremendous 
stOries of the West. America became a 
dream to me." 

Keeping America In the bdCk of his 
mind , Sakharov entered the Moscow 
Institute for International Reldtions, 
specializing in Middle EJst studies. He 

went to work for the government afr.er 
gmdudtion , assigned first to Non:h 
Yemen as a low-level diplomat. The job 
entailed mostly work for the KGB. 

He was soon transferred to Alexandria 
in Egypt to work with 'the local 
government's counterintelligence forces 
to obtain mes on Americans working in 
the country and plug Soviet propaganda. 

. 

. 

I'k(t~l' rurn (t) !"(Ill' 10 

............ : 

Sakh,lrov traces noncomformity back 
to his childhood, when he grew up 
surrounded by American culture and 
American Ideals. H is father, a Russian 
diplomat assigned to Washington would 
oftcn return home with Americ,m rock 
and roll records. "In the edrly fifties, you 
know, the Ink Spots, the Mills Brothers. 
Ella Fitzgerald and Frank SlI1dtra." 

• ~----------------------------~ 
UCSD Computer Science Co-op presents 

• 

IBM Personal Computer 
Open House 

November 22nd, 10:30 am & 12:00 noon 
North Conference Room 
UCSD Student Center 

Come see ~he IBM PC and PC/XT, Learn 
more about the special 20% discount 
program available to students, faculty 
and staff . 

For further information contact your 
IBM representatives: 

Diane Jacobs 
574-5634 

Lany McDonald 
574-5288 

~ 
E 
ir! 
.~ 
8 
;: 
.2 

~ 
~ 



Editorial 

Redirecting registration fees 
sets a dangerous precedent at UCSD 

Is Chancellor Atkinson justified in dipping into swdent 
registration fees to help take up the slack left by last year's budget 
cuts? As a stop-gap measure the move appears justifiable, perhaps 
even necessary, but there is a down side that goes beyond the 
simple rearrangement of UCSD's funding structure. This type of 
"stop-gap" measure has the discomforting tendency (0 become 
policy, and this would endanger the progr-ams that the registration 
fee was designed to support in the first place. 

The budgeT crisis that is besening the UC system this year has 
wreaked havoc with everything from professor's salaries to physical • 
plant, but budget shortfalls have been an ongOing problem for 
some years now. As a result, many progr-ams at UCSD have been 
gradually strangled, a situation that made Governor Deukmejian's 
cuts all the more devastating. More important, all areas of 
University life are in trouble to some degree or another, and if 
Chancellor Atkinson continues to divert money earmarked for 
student services into the Administration's coffers, student services 
will suffer. 

Systemwide , it should be noted , has allowed UC's chancellors to 
skim up to six percent of the registration fees for general use , 
while Atkinson has moved to take only 2 percent. The precedent, 

however, has been set. If the decision is made to continue the 
"program" as it stands, the chancellor may well decide to take four, 
five , or even six percem next year. And the year after that. The 
blow to student services that would result would be much more 
severe than the corresponding benefits to other programs, because 
the registration fee budget is dwarfed in comparison to UCSD's 
overall budget 

If the determination is made by Systemwide that more money is 
needed from studems (0 keep the university afloat, they should 
move to deal wirh it in a str-aightfOlward manner (i.e ., raise fees) 
instead of surreptitiously nickel and diming the studems via the 
registration fees. In fact, allOWing student fees to be used to 
support educational services constitutes, in the eyes of the State 
judiciary, tuition, something that UC has struggled for years to 
avoid. 

The policy, then, of allowing registr-ation fees (0 "help out" the 
ailing UC system may well have been justified, but it is clear that it 
was also a bad idea. In desperate times, rational people do some 
pretty desperate things. Let's hope that they have the good sense 
to set things right if and when the horizon clears. 

TR 

ll®~~®Ir~ll®~~®Ir~ll®~lt®Ir~ll®~~®Ir~ll®~~®Ir~ll®fr~<eIr~ll®fr~®Ir~ll<efr~®Ir~ll<eilit<err~ll<efrfr®rr$ll®ilit®rr 
fr®lf~lettersllcefdt®lf~ll®frfr®lf~ll®frfr®lf~ll®frfr®IT'~ll®fdtce;lf~ll®frttcerr~ll<E;frtt.<err$ll<eilit(f;lf~llceilit®rr$ll(f; 
Ir~ll~ilit®lf~ll®frlt®Ir~ll®~lt®lf~n®ltfr®lf~n®ilit®lf~nce;frtt®lf~llcefrttce;rr~ll®ilit®rr'~ll®ilit®Ir~ll<eilit<err$ll®ilit 
ll®ttfr<err~ll®ltfr®Ir~ll®ttlt®rr~ll®frfr®lf~ll®frlt®lf~ll®ilit~Ir~n®frfh~Ir~n<efrfr®rrll~ ilit®rr~n~ilit®rr$n®frfr<elfll 
Editor: 

The petition for the referendum to 
combine the .llternative media of 
L 'Chayill1, Peoplc 's Voice , Sappho Speaks, 
new indicator and Voz Fronteriza sets a 
dangerous precedent. 

Yes. these media do spend money. 
Journals also on the Alternative Media 
budget and left alone in these budget-
cutting tIInes, such .lS the Bird Cage 
Revlcw, PollI Journal , and that satiricdl 
periodical, Koala, also spend money. 
Why were these media nOt targetted for 
budget cutbacks? 

And wh.lt is worse , these cutbacks 
will nOt be refleCted In the student's fee 
p"yment schedule. The money "S.tved" 
Will go to other ,1Ctivlties so blessed by 
the your loyal AS Council. 

When confronted with the petition, 
conSider the value these papers 
represent. Together .Jnd separ.\tely. they 
..Ire an invaluable resource for the UCSD 
C..Impus and grc,l(er community. 

The Ch,mer of the AS Altern,Hlve 
Medl,l Bo,lrd holds th,1( the medl" 
should ,lddress the gre,lter UCSD 
community. P'lge 2 of the Ch,mer reads. 
"Medl,l lunded by student montes ,lnd 
using campus equipment .md l~lCilities 
h.we the responsibility to present news 
and material that is 'llso of interest and 
eoue,Hion,,1 v'llue to the entire univerSity 
community. (The UniverSity communit)' 
Includes students. f,lCulry ,md st,l lf. their 
places of work . study and reSidence. i.e .. 
the UCSD C,lmpus ,md olf-c,"npus 
1,1Clhtlcs ,md ,III 5.m Diego CllUnty 
communities whcre UCSD pc,)ple Itvc ." 
Hidden here is hl)\.\' much responSibility 
UCSD is willing to .lccCpt w\\'",d th.u 
'university community: This 
responslbll lt), Indudcs the Input 01 
professLlrs. students ,md .ltimi nIStr.l[Ors. 

F,lIlurc to ,Iccept this rcsp(msiblltt), 
gl\'l:s cn:dem:e to the concept of UCSD 
,IS ..In "eh[lst" institution In d,mger of 
becoming ,In upper d,ISS ghetto 
popul,lted only b)' those with the 
required m,lteri.ll benefits. The gre,HeSt 
d,mger is th,H those who educ,He ,.lnd 
do rese,lrch. ritose wit,! IIIIOw /letta, will 
disregilrd the responsibility ,m 
institution or higher le,lrning owes the 
'unlwrsit)' communit)': This s.lme 
communtty looks to the University ,IS 
source of knowledge .md IntellectuJI 
Jcm'It)'. 

RedUCing the quality and individuality 
of the five papers will inhibit their 
dttempt 10 re.tch and involve the 
'university community.' First of all . each 
p.tper has its own personality and 
reader consti tuency with vatying 
circulation. For some. providing for ofT-
campus readership is a luxuty. It is not 
viewed as a service to the 'university 
community: With this perspective, 
UCSD Will fast achieve the status of an 
academic ghetto. 

EJch pdper has ItS sepdrate histoty 
,md politic.tl spectrum . These 
VICWPOlntS, although not part of 
m,linstream th ought and pOlitiCS, 
proVide J valuJble and thought-
provoking exposure for students 
privileged enough to read only 
m.linstream press, 

E,lCh p.lper IS .1 creative outlet for 
wmers. photographers. graphic MtlStS 
Jnd others Wishing to contribute the ir 
cnerglcs. The Guardian ,md KClulu alone 
do not ofrer enough pOlenoJI ror these 
students. A number of students who 
worked with the Jltern.Jlivc media 
g,lined enough experie nce to go into 
careers in journJlism. 

In SJn Diego county, a bJstlon of 
conservatism . Jny media with ..In 
editori.11 policy left or R,mald Re,lgan is 
(m sh'lky ground in terms of fln,lncl,11 
sucn'ss or even surviv,ll. Student 
m:\\,sp.lpcrs, run for .lnd by students. 
should nm be expected to support 
t hemsel,'Cs 1'1 n.mcially. 

I I' students are /rul)· i nterestcd In 
recei"mg more for their money in terms 
of cost-eflectivc budgct cuts, the), ought 
to kl<.lk tnttl the <" lItll"<" ASUCSD budget. 
Chl'ck l)lIt )'I)lIr AS C,)uncll"s budget. See 
\\'here )'<)llr l1l<lnc)' gnes. (omp<lre the 
percent.lg.: I)f thc .lltern,lIiw mcdl,1 
budget \\'ith th,' percellt,lge received by 
thc AS Council. 

At budgct lime. everybody " " lnt~ 
money. The A1tern,\[I\'C Medl,1 budget 
did not im:re.lsc this ye,lr. but in r,lct 
decrc,lscd . Thl~ \\'.IS ,I(:hlcwd h)' 
dcliber,\[i on the P,\Il III the AS Mcdi,l 
Bo,lrd AS Judlt.:l,ll . Ruk's . ,lnd Acti\'it)' 
Fee Bo,lrds. the AS Coun,'" ,lnd thc 
st,llfs 11/ the respectivc nc\\'sp,lpcrs 
Othcr groups spend I1wne)' ,lnd P"Wllko 
scrvices ,llfccti ng !e\\','r nUl11bers 1)1 
swd"nts th.1n th,' ""Idcr,hlp 'll the II\'c 
nc\\'sp,IPcrs. 

Please note these media address 
perspectives nO( wit~in the dominant 
WASP culture . Their alternative 
viewpoi ntS rest a t the heart of the 
matter. 

Hey, Joe/Josephi na College. cutting 
back on the funds of a few struggling 
periodic.tls will nOt lower your student 
fees. Controlling the greedy. growing 
bufeaucracy and petty politiCS of the 
ASUCSD will. 

Babette Beriones 
Editor: 

It definitely is atrocious that we , the 
students of UCSD allocate as much of 
our money as we do towards alternative 
media. Though I feel $30,000 is an 
absurd amount. I also feel that placirtg 
all of these publications under one 
heading would be quite difficult, if not 
Impossible, as Tim Pickwell proposes. 

ThouJ;!h Pickwell's proposal is a great 

SUit" .: just is not a realistic solution to 
the media dilemma. I strongly feel that it 
would be impossible for five 
publications, with five different views, to 
cooperate and work together one 
heading. Furthermore, the media board 
would be faced with the task of 
allocating pages to each medium. Who 
would get front page coverage? 

An alternative idea is to aDot each 
paper an equal amount of money. If this 
set amount is not enough to sustain 
each medium, then these printings 
should seek external funding to meet 
their individual costs. There is no 
reason that these publications can not 
solicit off-campus advertising. as well as 
operate like the Guardian; that is self-
sufficient through external means 'of 
funding. 

Robert Koenigsberger 

UC:J) w-wrlitM'v 
Copy Editor 

James Ralph Papp 
Opinion Editor 
Thomas Rankin 

Associate News Editors 
Mike Greenberg 

Editor 
Tim August 

Managing Editor 
Phillauder 

lisa lapin 
Features Editor 

ChriS Young 
Am Editor 

And rew Keeler 
Associate Arts Editor 

John Nee 
Sports Editor 
Jeff Sa\".\ge 

Photo Editor 
Rich PClJak 

The UCSD Guardian IS published 
Mlmdays ,lnd Thursda)'s dUring the 
aCldetnic ),ear h)' students ,I[ UCSD. 
Rcpwductlon or use without 
pennissi,m of an)' portion of this 
ne\\'sp.lper is stricti), prohibltcd , Not 

re~ponsible for unsolicited 
manu~: ript s or an. 

Our oflice is located southeast III 
the Revelle Provost Olftce on the 
UCSD eampus. The Business Olficc 
IS open Imm 9 am to noon ,tnd I 
pill to 5 pill 

General Manager 
. ChriS Milke 

Associate General Managers 
linda lewis 

Valerie McMullin 
Photograp.hers 

Rkhard Caterin.1 
Rob Friedenthal 
M,lrk Johnson 
·David Newell 

IUustrators 
John Ashkc 

Gilrnell Fitz-Henky 
Kath)' Morrow 

Typesetters 
Angglc Lapid 
Phil LIlKkr 

And)' laurence 
Chris Ostel"',llder 

Ptoduction 
Haml Abrams 

lisa Jones 
Vesna Kulasinovic 

Kelk-)' Neal 
The UCSD Guardian 

UCSD,8-016 
la Jolla, California 92093 

(619) "52-3"66 

El Salvador's university 
reels under the pressures of civil war 
By ANNE FOSTER 

The following are excerpts front em 
interview conducted on October 4, 1983, 
with Dr. Miguel A. Parada, presidrnr of the 
National University of EI Salvador. Dr. 
Parada was head of the Son Miguel 
Campus of the National Unillfrsity and was 
appotnud presidrnt of the National 
University two and one half years ago by 
the highest body of the University. Dr. 
Parada visited the US 10 infornl the 
American people about the National 
University of EI Salvador, which was 
occupied by the National Guard in 1980 
and which has been operating at facilities 
off of its campus for the last three years. He 
is Irying to establish channels of 
cooperation, exchange and aid between ,the 
uniwrs/lies and sludents of the US and the 
National University of EI Salvador. Since his 
appointment in 1981, Dr. Parada has been 
struggling 10 have the National Univtrsity 
campus returned to the Uniwrs/!y officials 
and students. 

Q. Dr. Parada. could you tell us what 
happened ... when the militaty took over 
the University campus in San Salvador? 

A. The University was taken on June 
26, 1980; the troops just came in 
shooting. It is important to understand 
that the occupation of the University 
was not an isolated incident on the 
gov~rnment's part. It was a part of a 
series of measures they had undertaken 
to do away with any and all kInds of 
political opposition to the regime The 
labor unions had been a(lacked . The 
leadership and many members of the 
national teachers union (ANDES) had 
been assasinated . Only the University 
was left. 

T akillg over the University was a 
decision that they made knowing full 
well that there would be repercussions. 
It was definitely negative publicity for 
them So they needed to find celreful 
ways 'to j~sufy the occupation. To begin 

.with . the government Sclid thelt the 
troops had been eluelcked from the 
University campus itself. That was the 
first version. What helppened WelS thelt 
they arrived in militaty vehicles. They 
came in shooting, and .I lot of people 
were killed . At the time they arrived, all 
of the students. employees and 
professors were around. busy . .IS usual. 
With their work. 

later on they s.Jid that they had 

arrived to carty out an investigation of 
the University. because they knew that 
there were arms there and that it was 
the general headquaners for the 
guerill.ls. We concluded that they had 
been caught .It their own game, because 
in reality they didn 't find anything. 
They said that the guerillas must have 
gotten rid of the weapons before they 
I the military J arrived . But, m truth, they 
didn't find a thing, absolutely nothing. 
They needed something to justify the 
t.tkeover to the g«;neral public . 

When the militaty entered the School 
of Medicine, they found the cadavers 
that the medical students use for 
practicing. They announced that these 
bodies were the ones of people 
kidnapped by' the guerillas. The sewer 
system had a large central opening for 
waste. The militaty said that it was an 
escape for the guerillas. So they closed it 
off with a waD of cement to prevent 
-guerilla escape." The following winter 
the University campus was flooded , 
c.tusing extensive damage to the 
facilities since there was no outlet for 
the waste. The militaty also went to an 
empty room; it only had four walls! 
They carried out an inspection and 
concluded that it was most likely a 
tonure chamber. We said. "How crazy! 
I f a cobbler arrived here he could 
probably imagine that the room would 
be perfect for shoe repair. But since a 
tonurer came to inspect it. he could S.ty 
that it was a great room ror torture!" We 
had to laugh at that! This is how the 
government looked, Just ridiculous in 
their dfons to come up with excuses to 
Justify the takeover. All of this was 
printed in the newspapers. 

Q. What happened after the takeover? 
Wh.tt did the University officials do? 

A. Initially we thought th.tt the 
Occupation would last only a few dJYs. 
The day after the occup.ttion the 
University officials met. We h.td .tlready 
secured a safe-house to meet in in case 
such a situation arose. At that time we 
made our first decisions; the 'most 
important one w.ts to have the 
University returned (t) us. At that time , 
we decided tbat we would not accept 
the campus back directly from the 
armed forces . only through a neutral 
intermedlJry such as the Red Cross or 

,----------------------------------SPAGHETTI! 
ALL YOU CAN EAT! 

$2.50 
Mondays: 3:00 pm til close 

r------------------------------I UCSD Special I 
IFREE Pitcher of Beer with any large Pizza I 
I with this ad I 
-------------------------------

Open I,,, tlr,'.,kl.ISI .11\1;00 .11)) * We will be: open Thankssivin8 Diy rrom 8:00 am to 2:00 pm 
Phone Ahead 452~0661 All Items Available To Go! 

Style Italian Eatery 
3945 Governor DrIVe , UniversIty City, Saf"way ShOPpmlC c"nr"r 
Houn. 9am • 9pm daily: 9am • Ilpm Friday and Sarurday . 

---------------------------------

the Hum,1n Rights Commission. 
We had the idea that the occupation 

would be brief. We expected the 
military to leave the campus in rwo or 
three d.tys. But we. the University 
officials and the government. found 
ourselves caught in a politicJI quagmire. 
We staned to function outside of our 
campus. This all h'lppened in June 
(1980). We planned our activities in a 
building where the government collects 
income taxes. We were only allowed to 
bring in a desk and rwo chairs. This 
was supposed to be on a temporaty 
basis: but we're still there. We've taken 
up the whole floor. 

On February 10, 1981, onlY a 1110nlh 
after being named president of the National 
Univtrsity, Dr. Parada was arrested and put 
in jail with olher University offiCials. 
Through a judicial order, they were able to 
hold graduation ceremonies at Ihe 
penitcntlllry, thereby drawing public 
allention to their incarceration. 

For us it WelS actually better. because 
the graduation ceremonies could be 
extended for some 20 d.tys. Daily 
graduations insured greater publiCity. 
We carried out the graduation at the 
penitentiaty. ThiS was obviously another 
contradiction. It was a very .Judacious 
.lCt on our part. (onslderlng the 
situation we fount! ourselves in. We 
wanted to demonstr.lte to the people 
that the University h,ldn't been left 
without its officials and administration . 
The govemment's intention was to 
detain us, keep us imprisoned and le.we 
the University Without leJdership. 
While we were in jail I Febru.Jty. 19811 a 
decree was made th.t[ cut off all our 
salaries. It also hAd the objective 01 
demoralizing us. But we kept on 
working from the J.1il. All during this 
time there was also a lot of pubhc .1nd 
international pressure to set us free. It 
was beheved that the milit.Jry had 
plJnned to m.tsS.tcre us Just as they 
m,lsSclcrcd the tOP leadership of the 
DemocrJtic Revolutionaty Front In 
December of 1980. All of this worked to 
create a great deal of pressure on the 
government. 

Q. How were you eventually rele,lsed? 
A The amount of pressure put on the 

government forced them to release us. 
They held us for ,I tot,,1 of '+ 7 d.lYs in 

With the Latest Education 
from Sasson, Sebastion, & 

Toni & Guy .. , 
Let Us Design 

A Style For 
YOU I 
~'or 
Michael Marlo or Julie 

the penitentiaty without charges. When 
we were released we were told that there 
were at least 21 airfare tickets for us to 
leave the country immediately. We were 
told that a para-milltaty group would be 
looking for us and would kill us if we 
did not leave the country. But we Sclid 
no! We deCide$:! not to leave , b:ecause 
we realized that it was an attempt on 
the p.tn of the government to leave the 
University without its administration . 
Then later, the government would be 
able to say it was "worried" about the 
educational system in the countty and 
would go ahead and appoint its own 
people to those positions. This would 
have made the University a mere 
appendage of the government and 
supportive of its policies and actions. 

Q. In what siruation did you find the 
University when you were released? 

. A. There was such a level or terror. 
The professors were in fear of their 
lives. The state of seige was in effect, 
and any meetings of three or more 
people were prohibited. It was a vety 
difficult question for me. So we asked 
ourselves. -What is it that we want to 
do? Do we want to function or not?" We 
sent notes to all the "security forces ," 
informing them that in such-and-such a 
place .It a certain hour classes were 
being taught. The UniverSity's work has 
always been dnd con[lnues to be public 
Jnd open. 

Q. SO the wkeover of the University 
wasn't the end of the repressIOn? 

A. No. The millt.lry governments have 
JlwJYS had ..In attitude of ve ngeance 
tow.uds the University. The University 
was defenseless in front of the takeover. 
and the repression didn 't end with it. It 
Simply continues today. The recent 
captures 01 U ntverslty professors and 
officials serve as examples of this. We 
expect it to continue; there will be more 
c,lptures and deaths. But we, the 
University offtcials, continue with the 
S..Ime attitude. That is to say. faced with 
these blows from the military 
government. the Untverslty Will continue 
With its Jcademlc work. That is our 
answer. 

Q. What is the present si tuation of 
the University as regards the abduction 
of faculty? I,/r,,,,· ttll" ttl I"'~" (> 

Call for 
Appointment 

3251 Holiday Court 
Suite 201 

(Above St. Germaine's) 



EI Salvador 
((lll/Ullln/ Jrmll /><Ig" 5 

A. The abdu tion has never stopped 
and has never been interrupted . Each 
month, without exception , University 
people are captured, kidnapped and 
killed. It is a permanent situation. In 
April , 1983 a number of the University 
faculty were captured. In June and July 
there were also a lot of people abducted . 
Professor Ricardo Calderon , general 
secretary of the National University, was 
captured on the 28th of July and 
continues to be detained without 
charges. We know that he has been 
mrtured and is in very bad health. At 
the end of each month we can count up 
the professors and officials who have 
suffered the persecution of the 
government. We are beginning to lose 
count. The situati~ became even 
graver. Three faculty members were 
captured. 1 have learned in the last few 
days that the body of another professor, 
Pedro Flores, has been found . I don't 
have any information on the most 
recent captures, but it is safe 10 assume 
that they have continued. Every , 
professor lives in constant fear of his 
life . of being kidnapped and killed . All 
of the University officials and professors 
are on a list which the "security" forces 
have . This reign of terror has resulted in 
a 12% desertion rate among the 
professors. 

This kind of behavior doesn't help 
the University to funCtIon , nor does it 
help the government's human nghts 
image. It is a violation of hum,1n rights. 
We say that if the gove rnment has 
someone imprisoned. they should admit 
it And we are ready to help them to 
carry out ,my in\,estigatlons of us in a 
ciVilized manner. 

Q. Wh.u IS happening to the students 
now] 

A. Because they are young, they are 
Immediately suspected of participating 
In revolutionary activities. There have 
been many more students detained than 
professors. There have also been a 
number of cases where slUdents h,we 
been abducted in front of thetr 
classmates upon le,wing the classroom. 

Q. Under what conditions will you 
accept the University back? 

A. We will accept it without 
conditions. In 1980 we said that we 
would only accept it through the 
auspices of an organization such as the 
Red Cross. But we have chimged our 
position . We wiU accept the University 
from the Commission since we form 
pan of that Commission. The agreement 
to return tne campus is already there: a 
law was passed . What is still lacking IS 
that the government comply with the 
law. 

Our commission doesn 't have any 
enforcement powers. We can't show up 
at the Universiry campus with another 
army to expel the g!lvemment's army. 
Let'S look at how the remming of the 
University would be implemented. Are 
we going 10 knock on the doors of our 
own house and ask these trespassers to 
go away? Are we going to take one step 
forward OntO the campus while they 
take one step back and off the cJmpus? 
Will we continue hke thai until they 
finaU y leave? o. This has to be handled 
like any law enacted and signed by the 
President of the Republic. 

Since he is the general comm,mder of 
the Jrmed forces. he should say that the 
University authorities will arrive on the 
campus on such-and-such a day at a 
particul,lr time. We discussed all this 
II'lth the PreSident. We knew that if we 
,1sked the Nati onal Guard . which is 

occupying the c.lmpus. to le,lVe that 
they wouldn't. They have to have ,10 
executive order. 

In addition , we went to speak to the 
commander of the National Guard. He 
said that he only obeyed orders from 
the minister of defense. So we went to 
talk with the defense minister, who said 
trut he only took orders from the 
general commander of the armed forces, 
which is, of course , the p~sident of the 
republic. Therefore. it is President 
Magana that has to order the N.llional 
Guard to leave the campus. 

The President says, "Well, not yet. 
There is no guarantee that political 
agitation won't take place at the 
National University if we give it back to 
you." 

Q. In what condition will you find the 
University If you get it back? 

A. The campus has ~n destroyed . It 
has also suffered tremendous 
deterioration . Both the inreUectual and 
material wealth of the University have 
been destroyed. You have to remember 
that the National University has bf'en 
functioning for 142 years. That is, the 
accumulation of wealth has been done 
slowly. And all of a sudden everything is 
gone. We have paid a high price to 
accumulate this wealth; it is precisely 
this social and human price that was 
paid in the past that is being paid now 
at an even higher cost to get our 
campus back. It is a struggle that is 
costing us so many lives now. We have 
estimated the cost of replacing only the 
equipmem and furniture of the campus 
at over 52 milion colones 1520.8 
millionl . This does nOf: include Ihe cost 
of repairing the bUildings. This estimate 
is only for the San Salvador campus. lin 
addition to this, the medical school 
bUilding hilS been completely destroyed 
dunng the military occupation . It wiu 
have to be demolished . All of its 
v'lluable archives are gone. The building 
is over 100 years old .1 

Q. In whal way can the American 

pe·ople. students.' workers, professionals 
and educ,ltors help the NJlIonal 
University of EI Salvador? 

A. To begin, they can learn about the 
situation and spread the word , educate 
the public about this critical situation. 
This alone is a great help. People need 
to know wh.1t is going on. AnOf:her 
important way to help is to write leners 
and send telegrams to the EI Salvadoran 
government protesting and demanding 
that the University be returned. Also. 
they can write letters to their 
representatives in the US demanding 
that the US government use its influence 
to pressure the El Salvadoran 
government to give back the University. 
This is a very effective way to support 
our cause. 

We also have ai>roje<.:t by which. 
people can become honorary students of 
the National University of EI Salvador. It 
is a way of registering in solidarity with 
our University. A certificate is issued 
stating that you are registered as a 
student. This can be done by contacting 
Friends of the University of EI Salvador, 
PO Box 238, Daly City, CA 94016. We 
have given many certificates to people 
in Mexico and Europe. In fact we are 
traveUing to Europe this November in 
order to speed up this project. 

Through this certificate project we 
can channel a little economic aid to the 
University. It is over aU a very symbolic 
thing. List year in Guerrero, Mexico 
students in the Education Department 
were registered in their own university 
and simultaneously in the National 
University of El Salvador. 

Anne Foster is a graduate student in 
linguistiCS at VC Berkeley. She is a melllber 
of Berkeley Aid for Central Alllerica, which 
is CUn-fIU!y raising money for lIIedical aid to 
EI Salvador. Those intcrested in mailing a 
donation or receivillg tht' ful/transcript oj 
the interview with Dr. Parada should SI:nd 
$5 10: Berkeley Elllergency Aid for Central 
AIIlCIlLCJ, 1544 5pruCf 51. , &'rkeley, CA 
94709. 

Two ~ints of view 
on student housing. 

The Landlords 
Landlords JUSt can ' t figure why anyone 
would buy when they can rent . After all , 
owning a home i a big responsibility that 
students can 't possibly handle . Your life would 
become undisciplined and chaotic without the 
landlord 's rules to live by . Your damage deposit 
wouldn 't be there waiting for-you (without interest, 
minus deductions) when you leave . Speaking of 
leaving, when you rent you 're free to pick up 
and leave anytime the whim strikes you (or 
your landlord). And how about the fun of 
listening to your neighbors thru those thin 
wall - on a good night you don't even 
need a stereo for entertainment. All in 
all, renting is better than buying (from the 
landlord's point of view). It's the natural 
order of things . Without renters like you, how 
would landlords be :.Ible to buy their buildings? 

Park Villas is dedicated to the proposition 
that you'd rather invest In your future, 

instead of the landlords . So, we've made it 
possible to buy a home In Mission Valley for less 
than it costs to rent. How? Simply by being fair, 

rather than greedy. The down payment Is low. Your 
damage deposit could cover a lot of it (if you can 

get it back). Monthly payments are low too. 
Probably less than you're now paying to rent. 
We give you a 4-year break to get you started. 

With 8 7/8% the first year, graduating to 
12 1/8% Annual Percentage Rate years 4 -

30. So you can start buying your home 
before you can afford the payments. Prices 

are very low. Starting at '49,990. And the homes 
are really outstanding, situated in a true park 

environment with clubhouses, pools and saunas. 
In a few words, the difference between Park 

Villas and an apartment is easy to measure. You 
put a deed In your pocket instead of a hole. 

WHERE YOU SPEND ~ 11IAN RFNf TO OWN A HOME. PRKD SWlT III 149,900 

Models open daily 10:00 to 6.00 
Phone 6191299-()029 

Prkes II< lerln' ,uhjn·t II> l' han):c Wilhlllll nolit'c . 
@ G). TYPICAL EXAMPLE. 8ased on c.,h price of .. 'J.9IMI and ! .'i9l1 down: pa!,lnelll' hased on 14;(,')(, firsl )'t"~r . 9;(.')(' ""'cond year. ItlA.')(, third year. I I A. 'X, remalninlC l7 l'ear~ ....ill ' ·.r,· from '~H'i 10 '~'J.i. Add 'aXL'" and homeowne", due>. 

NII\ ·t'IIl/~'" 21. 1983 7 
NEWS 

.' ' . 

Pulling the plug on Student SeIVices 
By SHARON SOGOMIAN 

L ast spring, UC SystemWide allowed the chJncellors of UC campuses to Jssess up to 6% of registration and education fees to cover Stolte-Wide 
budget decreases. Consequently. thiS fall UCSD's 
Chancellor Atkinson has assessed 2% of the student 
fees to ofTset campus cuts. 

The money alloted will come out of the budgets of 
sllIdent scrvi<.:es on campus, with college deans and 
regl str.Hlon Icc-funded programs such as the Student 
He,llth Center suffering the most . 

In rh e pJSI. reglstr,lIion fees were used exclusively 
for stul.knt services. UCSD, In panlcular, has been the 
most ,Iclamant of UC campuses in protecting the fee 
process The registration fee was specl fi C<l II)' set up 10 
aVOid tJxing general funds for campus services. 
Ironically, the fcc is now being taxed to cover those 
services. 

tudent fees used for non-student purposes has 
ralscd many concerns. Gerrie Hatten, chairman of the 
Registration Fee Advisory Committee, feels the 
assessment "is setting a very dangerous precedent, 
becaust once they've done it , they can always do it 
again." She is also worried about students' 
complacency regarding the fee issue , especially the 
registration fee . Since the education fee is already 
controlled by System-Wide. Hatten caDs the registration 
fee "the last bastion." "When they take money out of 
the fees , [hey are effectively saying the smdents have 
no control," says Hatten. 

Vice chancellor of Undergradute Affairs Dr. Joseph 
Watson disagrees with the assessment but feels it was 
inevitable. "I have 10 say that I am strongly opposed to 
this appro,ach." says Watson. "I do not feel that the 
registration fee or the education fee should be 
assessed. I will argue vigorously for not having it 
continue." 

Watson predicts that assessment effects will nO! be 
dramatic and thinks that budget directors of student 
services wiU take most of the money out of their 
supplies and equipment aUowance. I 

Watson says the student services 'at UCSD should be 
improved , not impaired. "We do have needs in the 
student services area, and I feel that the expenditures 
in this area are not only wonhwhile but have been 
very moderate and, in some respects. conservative: 

Watson's alternative to the assessment would be a 
surcharge on top of the fees. The students would then 
know specificaUy what their money was being used for. 

Chips Dreilinger, Muir College dean and acting dean 
for Warren College, will suffer drastically from the 
assessment. The Muir College budget will be decreased 
by approximately 52800. Dreilinger plans to take most 
of the money out of supplies and equipment. However, 
there will be 5144 extracted out of the already 
underfunded graduation budget. Next year's Welcome 
Week and freshman orientation may nOf: be as 
extravagant, and Dreilinger is against students feeling 
the cutbacks. "If I can help it , the students will not see 
a difference," he says. 

Chancellor Richard Atkinson is aware of the 
controversy regarding the fees but feels the State-wide 

situation has rendered the assessment inevitable. "We 
reJlly hold no choice." he says . "This is .1 very tough 
time." 

Although Atkinson points nut th,1( the assessment 
m<l)' not be .1 rec urring one . he thi nks the students Me 
gOlOg to inherit the burden of the California tJxPJ)'e rs. 
"I don 't thmk there is an )' precedent th,1[ has been 
established :' he S,lyS "The mess,lgc thaI IS being 
conve)'ed IS that the tJxp.:l)'ers ,He nor gOlOg to suppOrt 
the UniverSity, so the students will h,lVe to. tud enrs 
are gOing to have to get uscd to tt . bec.luse tt ma)' get 
worse . The Governor seems to think rhilt the publiC IS 
telling hun to use the fees. "However. Atkinson docs 
shuw some optimism for DcukmeJ i<ln. "Both of the 1,lst 
govern ors , Brown and Rc'lg,ln . be.lt do\\ n on us re,l l1 ), 
hard . I hope rh is one (Dcukmeji.\Jl ) will be.l bit more 

E~S ! 
• Colored Papers 

8855 Villa La Jolla Dr. 
457-3775 

(Near Ralphs & Sav-on) 

• Kroy Letteriag 
• 1,000+ Priciag 

• Foldiag 

Counseling & Psychological Services 
sponsors 

An Open Discussion 

THE DAY AFTER 
Implications for You ... 

Your Loved One .... 
and Humankind ... 

Monday, November 21 / 12:00-1:30 
Revelle Informal Lounge 
led by Usa Hirschman 

sympathetic:' Atkinson says. 
Vice Ch,mcellor of Academic Affairs Ticho doesn't 

thmk any speci fi c .HCa of UC D should be shl(~lded 
from rhe cuts. "It seems to me that we should all suffer 
together. If [here IS misery it's probabl)' better to share 
It:' he 5<I)'S . TlCho feels thaI the J ssessme nr of the fees 
WJ S LIIr In rel,Hl on to thc cuts that the enme UCSD 
campus had to sustai n «1 sum close to $ 1 mIllion ). 
"This assessment was not inappropriate," he says. "It 
WJS equit.lble." 

The fcc Jssessmenr IS termed .IS -b,lCkdoor tuition," 
tuiti on whi ch the students unkn owmgly pol),. 
Chancellor Atkinson SJys thilt UCSD students 
def in itely do poly tuition. "It's verbal magic to cldim 
th,lt educarion ,lOd reglslrdtion fees are not tuition," he 
says. "They c1e<uiy arc a form of it ." 



Attention Warren Commuter Students: Ski trip 
to Big Bear. $5 /studem. First 20 to sign up in 
Warren Provost office will go. Date: Dec. 12·:13 
(Car Pool). 

PICK OUR 
POCKET 
AT OUR BIG 
10% OFF 
SALE 

Your On- Campus 
Record &. Tape Co-op 

Open M -W JO -5 
10th Week 

EXTRA SPECIAL 
1DK SA90 

$2.99 
Buy 3 Maxrlls & 
get J t.'pe deck 
C.He kll FREE! 

Beyond Belief! 
AS has a constitution and 

needs HELP. 
If interested in participating In a 
Constitutional Advisory Committee 
apply in AS offices or contact Marc 
Boroditsky at 452-4450. 

International Fireside 
-Moscow Calling San Diego: An Experiment in Intercultural Education" 

is the title of {his week's International Fireside with Dr. Helen Keyssar of the 
Communications Department. This experiment involved a simultaneous 
VIdeo link between studios in Moscow, USSR and San DIego, USA devoted 
to the tOpiC of films for children. It set out to help people establish a 
common referent so that their understandings and misunderstandings 
would be constrained by the standing rule that the talk must be relevant to 
the topiC a{ hand. This presentation wiu be held Tuesday, November 22 at 
7:30 pm in the UCSD International Center Lounge (200 yds. east of 
Mandeville Auditorium). Free Admission and refreshments. Sponsored by 
the UCSD International Club. 

You are invited to take a 'Study Break' 
The Campus Crusade for Christ is sponsoring "Study Breaks" at the 

frienliesdt gathering on campus. Mondays at 7: 15 pm at the ChanceUor's 
Complex (Rm ill -A). Join us for an exciting time of fellowship , 
entertainment, singing, and insight into. a personal relationship with Jesus 
Christ. _ 

Warning! 
Barrel people have been spotted on campus. They're most likely to be 

found around piles of old newspapers, aluminum cans, glass bottles or near 
computer print-outs. The UCSD Recycle Coop, alias "R Gang" is forming a 
posse to apprehend these people. Meet Monday night at 5 pm in the Che 
Cafe and get deputized 

ASPEN. 
THERE'S 
ONLY ONE. 

Ii 's the one with 4 mountains 
T1le on~ wilh blue sines dnd 

fresh powder. 
The one With Victorian charm 

and spectacular nighllife 
fI'. the one everyone IiJlks 

about 
lI s Incomparable. 
1(. a(fordable 
II 's du''''9 QUdne, 8reiJ1r. 
1(. Aspen and the NI Cal 

Wlnkr Carnival. 
This i. what you 'lI find UJdil' 

ing (or you at the NI Cdl Wmter 
Carnival: 

Free Pany! with Bud~iser 
Btoomball 
Dduxe Accommoda~ons 
FreeRM:es 
F""" On· The-Mountain PICnic 
F""" Rdreshmenl$ on the Bus 
Ice Scu/pIUfl! ConleSl 
F""" Oonces $pI:JnscIed by 

ButruJrISel' 
SIudonLs from 8 OC ~ 
Flee ~ Jacuzzi Patties 
PrIzes by: 

Nordka Boolt;/Harl. Skis 
/..DOle Binding5/8udwelser 

Don l {t)tpet. Aspen w>d the 
All c.I "'" noted noI only (or 
fun. but also (or SXJING. \bu '1I 
/law S full days. 

THE ONE AND ONLY N..J. 
CAL WIff1CR CAANIW. 

ASPEN 
THERf'S ONLY ONE. 

~ 
IISI'fN SKIING COMrANY 

The ticket sales for the 1983 Winter 
All-Cal Carnival have been extended. 
The final deadline is to be detennined. 
Call x4038 for more information. 

The UCSD Radically Inclined Ski Club 

ARRETEZ! 
Lisez Ie Bulletin-

AS = Associated Students 
We are the student government for UCSD. Composed of 23 

elected srudent officials. Get involved with your student 
government! Questions? CaU Lisa Wagner at 452-4450 or stop by 
the AS office located on the second Ooor of the student center. 

Speech on the Shuttle 
The UCSD Mechanical Engineering Club will present 'The Space Shuttle: 

. State of the Art in Structural Analysis" with Mr. James Jenness from 
NASA/GO. Tuesday, November 22 at 6 pm in UH 2102. For more 
information caU 452-4065. 

Buy Lecture Notes Now! I 
The very last day to buy Your ASUCSD Lecture Note Fall Quarter 

subscription is Wednesday, November 23. Finals are coming. Be prepared 
wi th typed , concise and organized lecture notes! Bio 1 (Saltman); Bio III 
(Scheffler); Chern 4 (Oesterreicher); Chem 6A (Schuler); Chern 6A 
(Wurrey); Chern 6C (Wurrey); Math 2A (Anderson). Only $9.00 except Bio 
III which costS $10. You receive aU back issues. 
We are now taking applications for Winter Quaner 1984 Notetakers! 

Meet 1980 Presidential Candidate 

John Anderson 

Speaking on the HUMP 
MODday NOV. 21st 

12 NOON 
FREE 

-Question & Answer Period-
Sponsored by: AS Pr~amming Commission 



10 NIlI','III/,,'1 21 . IllSJ 
NEWS 

.. , . . . 

Double agent 
WtHlIlllt:'/ j'e"" I'el,~" J 

After two years he was moved to 
Kuwait in 1971 , and tired of the Soviet 
obsession with spying - "They wanted 
[0 know how you dated, who you knew, 
what you had read, where you went" -
he took the first step in realizing his 
dream by contacting a CIA operdtive 
who arranged the pldns for hiS 
defection. 

To prove him If loyal to the United 
St.lles, ,Ikharov acted ,IS a double .Igent 
for neddy 01 yeolr - secretly passing 
good inform,ltIon from the KGB to the 
CIA dnd giving b.ld Information to the 
KGB. 

Working for both Sides, olkholroV an 
now stud)' the dill"erences between the 
KGB dnd the IA. "The difference is In 
the two countries' definition of 
1I1tc/ligencc: he deCides. "For the U it I 
[0 collect information. analyze it .md 
make 01 picture of the world about it 
Five percent or the Intelligence 

comminee would be involved." The 
Soviet Union on the other hand. has a 
different strategy, "Their definition is 
recognizance. The word implies d more 
active panicipJtion of Soviet personnel 
In the Intelligence world ." This includes 
the United Nations, fnendship societies 
and Third World information agencies, 

Sakharov clarifies, "The major 
difference I have noticed between the 
CIA .lnd the KGB IS that the KGB IS 
relying on a broader base for their 
operations. while the American 
government tends to deal directly with 
the top." The result , he adds, is th.lt 
wrong poli ies .Ire chosen . "People at 
the top tend to p.lint too pretty a 
plcllIre; they W.lnt Unlled tJtes 
support . We don 't know wh,]['s gomg 
on . Worse yet, we have a man in 
WashingtOn , who's never been to the 
Site , making the decision . He might not 
know Nigeria from Rome, Italy." 

Emergency clinics offer quick, low-cost 
medical care. 

Hospital emergency rooms offer the 
quality and security of a hospital medical taff. 

Bur now you don't have to choo e be-
tween them. 

Introducing Medistat 1M. We're different 
from both emergency clinics and other hospi-
tal emergency room , .. in some important ways. 

TIne' ~ behirrl~~ch 
Medistat is the 

minor emergency 
service in Mission 
Bay Hospital. In 
fact, the hospital is 
right down the hall. 
An emergency de-
partment physician 
will treat your 
problem, so you are 

assured of getting excellent medical care. 
And, if it turns out you need a hospital, you're 
already there. 

With emergency clinic , you'd have to go 
to a hospital located somewhere else. 

!3ecau I? 01 the lack of training 
programs for US agents, Sakharov 
believes we are losing despeately to the 
Soviet Union . For eXJITjple , it takes 
about five years to tmin a good KGB 
area expen: within the system of SOViet 
education. Then he is scnt to the 
country [0 pr,lctice his language skills, 
working under the embassy, for a year. 
It is then th.lt he stans to estahhsh 
con nections: pedsams, businessmen and 
officials. After more training, when he 
returns to the field , he has already 
eXlstmg contacts. 'Thls is a very astute 
intelligence officer. Given dn 
,Issignmem. he has contacts nOl 
necessarily at the lOp but also on the 
lower level," says Sakharov. "The are.l 
.lgents .Ire encouraged to go out Jmong 
the workers .lnd conduct seminars Of 
course thcy don 't go out among the 
workers amI say, 'I'm the KGB, and I'm 
gomg to educate you.' 

"Intelligence is supposed to defend . 
proteer, and develop interests of ItS 
country ," S.lys 5.lkh.lrov. "I'm afrJld this 
hasn't been the case very often with 

Amcric.ln intelligence. I belil?ve there 
h.lve been a lot of problems in 
developing, gelling cng.lged in 
oper.llions where they were doomed 
before they were even staned," 

Toward cst,lblishing AmericJn foreign 
policy, .lkh.lrov recommends better 
information about thc area, knowledge 
of the actual operation. "There must be 
better communication with the local 
people, and the decision making should 
be taken out of the hands of the 
W.lshington 'annchalr expen.' There are 
many intelligent, educ,lIed mll10rities in 
the United Swtes who .lren't being 
utilized; we should depend on them 
more for our foreIgn policy making .. 

Life In the KGB is far behind 
Vl.ldlmar Sakharov. "Do I feel safe? The 
KGB is a long W.lj'S from .m Diego." 
And of the CIA, "The major difference 
betwl?cn the Soviet Union and the 
Umted Swtes is that you have so many 
personal freedoms here, especially 
freedom of speech. You can do as you 
pledsc here and nor have to wke the 
consequences. 

MedistatisqJen24lnnsa~ 
~daydtre~ 

Because that's when minor emergencies 
happen. Just walk in anytime, without 
an appointment. You'll be tteated 
promptly and courteously at Medistat. 

"fu'llalso betreatahwl1 by~ hll 
When payment is made by cash, 

check or major credit card at time of service, 
charges are comparable to those you'd pay at 
an emergency clinic. But at Medistat you're 
getting hospital quality medical care. 

So when you have a minor emergency, 
r-------,--,.~ think of Medistat at 

t 
N 

" Mission Bay Hos-
pi tal. We're the .ioO'_~ 
minor emergency 

service with some 
major differences. 

MeDI~~IrTM 
A mtnOf' emetgency \eMCe ~ ~ 

Mi",i'lI1 Bay H"sritaI.3030 Bunkcr HIli Sr. 
San Diego, CA 92109 (619) 274·772 1 

Tearing the label from our social image 
By CHRIS YOUNG 

The eyes of society perceive indlvidu.lls in terms of 
. l.lbels. Every person is placed, by the social environment 
surrounding him or her, into a box, a well -defined set 01 
limits which lhe individudl is not expected 10 exceed. 
While most students concentrate on passing their 
midterms, Anne Ricketts . .l semor at Muir, and John 
W.lrner, " former student turned freelance photogmpher. 
conccntr.lte on demonstrating every individu.ll's dbllity 
to step out of the box into which he or she has been 

p1.lced. 
John and Anne believe that in edch person there 

exists d fuU rJnge of sen UJI qUJlities, .I univer5.l1 SCt of 
ch.lrJcteristics that defy the definitions by our culture of 
our narrow roles within th.lt culture. Anne .md John ,Ire 
credting ,I series of photogmphic im.lges II1tcnded to 
convey these un i ve rs.1 I qu.llitics which Jrc Ignored by 
society. The im.lges go beyond thc restrictions of the 
words "m.llc" and "lem.lIc" 10 ponr.I)' ,Ill the elcments m 

e,lch model. 
This projeci is -till 111 ItS germl nJI st.lge. John and 

Anne hope that it Will evolve IntO d finished work for 
g.lllery dlspl.l)' .md eve ntu.llly " book. The Idr,1 behll1d 
the project beg,m with John , who w,mted to portrav 
through photos the scnsuahty 01 men , something whi ch 
he feels is "'rgel)' denied . John h.lu long felt thJt the 
W'I)' he W,IS being perceived by society dellled hIlT .I 

1,lceI'" 111111 II I",~t' /3 



UC Police: attacking from a new angle 
By DEBBIE CRAIN 

"Uh oh ," you s..~y to )'our fnends In .1 
drunken slur as you walk along the 
street, hJsttl)' tl)' lng to conceal your 
beers. Your blood , saturated with 
.1!cohol , pulses through your body, ,~!> 
the uiliforlnrd m.1n III beige crUISC~ by, 
You IJugh rcbelliousl) 

V'/e all klll)W th.1t the regubtlon ,lIld 
l'ontrol of Ut1I\'C rslt)' ,1fi.1lrS IS 
m.lllltolined by the police , or If you \\ III , 
the "pe.ICe l1fficer~" of our c.~mpw, 
IronlcJU)', howe\'cr, thc!>e puhlic 
protectors MC viewed hy m,IIlY of us 
With ,ulImo,lty ThiS fccling III m,IIlY 
C.lses IS ,IS unjust as It IS unfounded. 

The major re.1son we VICW police so 
neg,ltIveI), I~ purely b)' the n,][urc of 
their work O\'e~ 9Q'h, of the Collis they 
recel\'(' involve neg.ltlve CircumStances, 
so we , the publi c, Illteract With thcm 
most ofren olfter hJVlI1g \'101,ucd the I,l\\' 
or h,wlng becn \'lol,ned oursclws It IS 
.Ipp.lrem th,1t there IS , 'e l) lillie 

opponunH), fm rhe police to lighten 
their ImJgc of the intl1TI1d,ltmg 1.1\\ 
enforcer .Impus police om er M.~rk 
Kunz I ~ dlsrurbed h)' rhis. ·'1 hc studellt~ 
toll of len thll1k of whJt thc police can 
do to them .lI1d not for them ." 

It IS true , 01 course , th.lI the 
Dcp,mmenr \\,lIlb to m.llnt.lln .In Image 
of ,Iuthorlty Jnd re~peC t.lhlli!) In the eye 
of thc puhlic It b ImponJnt, too. th,1t 
wc re.I\i;:e Ih,ll the officers here ,It 
UCSD .Ire nl)t merely CJmpus secun!)' 
bUI ~\\'orn olliccrs who hJve gone 
lhrough ),eMs l)1 trollI1l1lg Bcmg J 
subdiVISIOn of the "S)'~temwldc" nctwork 
of .111 the UC schools, the)1 Me bound to 
uphold .111 the el"stll1g lolWS of our st,1[C, 
Just ,IS the CIVic police do. 

Therc .Ire m,IJor dlffercnces between 
CI VIC ,\I1d c.lmpus police , howe\'cr 
WhIle CI\'IC pollLe h,l\'c to dC.11 with 
people from ,Ill stmt,1 of sOclet) . c,lmpu~ 
police .Ire m'l\nl) dealing \\'lIh pe(1plc 

who 111 their VICW ,Ire "well-cductlted , 
thltgent. ,\I1d b.lsieillly tl)'ing to improve 
themsclves'" )lI1ce we .Ire p.~yll1g 10 be 
herc . the .Ulllosphere IS mmplct..Jy 
dlnl'rcnt . • \IId C.lll1pU~ polK fcclthi 
crc.lles .1 ulllquc opportUl1lt}', which 
they e.11I " ~pcCI.llii: d I,I\\' enlorccment." 

ThiS cnncept 01 the polKe h.1~ its 
definlle ,lth.II1Iii1gCS from rhe studcnt's 
pOint 01 \'Iel\'. Although the police Juest 
III 101l0\\'1Il!\ no "unwnttcn laws," Kurtz 
rel'e.ds th.lt ,m}' course of lCtinn t,lken 
.lg,lin~t an offcnder is largely decided b)' 
the indllidlkll officer. 1 he officer mJY 
opt cuher to route the offender through 
the crlmlll.ll court system or turn the 
other W.1)" 'Ind the offender \\otll be .llt 
with by the ,ldmll1istrauon 01 U , 
The pohce frequently usc rhe 1,1(ter ~I 
the tWO methods, bec,lusc, olS Kurtz 

~t.lles ci~ndldl)', ·We re,~Ii~e thdt 
eWI)'tlile W,IIllS to hJI'e a little fun , .Ind 
wc dnn 'r WJnt a Iuture engllleer to be 

der)lcd secumy cleJr,\I1ce because of a 
dumb tTIIsookc thc), made .IS ,I [rcshmoln 
." collCf1e." 

iSingly, the 111.1)or problem on 
C,11Up1 i~ not dnnking. The policc scc 
drtnlijng h), Ihmors reollisticollly , 
,1l·ceprl"!.tIc face th.tt use .lIld .lbuse 01 

dkt~lOl b)' student$ h.ls klllg been a 
cc4lejc ill$4itUt" )II .'ttlll will prob,lbly 
contmue t~ be 1"".1 long time to come. 
The policc Iffltl\.u ,b long .IS people 
dOll~ infnnp U fI the nghts of mhers. 
wh,ltrver ~ behind closed doors 
IS eJeh I '5 buslI1ess, 

In'.m inci nt It the beglllnmg of 
~ hoolycar irt the WJlTen dorms. 

me Q1lJo>pl!q~ freshmcn were 
'. USIng illcgal drugs, olnd m thiS 

parriculolr c,~se they recclved the 
custom.II)' slJP on the wrist, with Jn 
.lCcOmpJnymg prob.1tion,II)' period It IS 
ImpOrtJIll to re.lhze, though tholt II 

Cantio------------------------------------------~~ia 
could Just .IS e.1sll) h,l\'c gone the othcr 
\\.1)'. dependll1g on the .Irrestillg officer's 
view 01 the ~llU.llIon. Attllude plJ)~ a 
vel)' ImpOrt,mt role on both Sides. 

A $282 
VALUE!! 

Presented to you by trained VIDAL 
SASSOON graduates fearuring the 

finest hair products available. Get on a 
program prescribed to fit your facial 
features. life style, personality, and 

pocket book, 
LIMITED OFFER 

$20 program induJ~s all dt'wn of the following:----
• 3 FREE wash cut & 

styles $60 value 
• FREE Hair reconstruction 

$7 value 
• 50% OFF Hair Highlighting 

$60 value 
• FREE wash & blow 

dry $10 value 
• 50% OFF perm o r 

body wave $55 value 

• FREE hair color 
consultation $10 value 

• 2 FREE bottles of TRI 
shampoo $8 value 

• FREE Hair Moisturizer 
Treatment $7 value 

• 50% OFF Henna treatment 
$30 value 

• FREE Hair Protein 
Pack $10 value 

• 50% OFF any color 
change $25 value 

:---- ~lt'Tnn.l: -----, 
Jerry Miller 

WI lu~ ut /On 

~I(irnn ,l.: 
Jeanie Seely 

'----elll /o"Jl/on .--J 

2334 Carmel Valley RJ, 
Dd Mar 

481-8866 

Wh.1t IS the m.1JOf problem on 
c,lmpus then? (hc police Sol)' thelt. 1 he 
Dep.mmelll IS \'el)' bus) 1\'0rklng on 
l.lse~ IIlvolvlng bll)de thefts , steolling 
Irom g)'Il1 klLkeh. and some vehicle 
thefts The UC~D policc , utilizing .111 
rhelr resourecs, follow thesc c.lses lrom 
begll1nlllg to end , IIlcluulIlg 
investigations, pJpef\\'ork, public 
rel.uions. deteltlvc work, obr.llning ,lIld 
Issuing "'JIT.mrs, Jnd working with S.tn 
Dlcgo's district .ltlllrney. 

DOlllg cvel)'thlllg wlthm their powcr 
ttl m.IIIll.lIn s.lre!)' ,1Ild securi!)' for the 

~udellls, the campus police ha\'c 
1',,,,,,, 1111'11 /,1 P<lg,' I-i 

20th.Century Fox and University Events 
. presents 
a!S~eak preview . of 

... 

The Karen Silkwood Story 
Wednesday, November 30 

8:00, p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 

Pick up Free Passes at the 
UCSD Box Office 

Tearing off the social label 

,,"111111','" ./'(1111 I'(',~(' 1/ 
gre,1l oeal 01 hiS IIlhercm qU.1lities, ,1I1d 
thus he wJnted to portray ol completc moln , 
rcplere wllh sensltlvl!)'. demonstrJtlllg the 
const,lnt elTor 111 tbe Judgcments of our 
soclJI stn!cture. 

The cart )' photos which John took 
were well rccclvcd. Jnd Anne becamc 
pJrt 01 thc picture whcll shc relared hcr 
parolliel leelings Annc leds that wOl11en 
also ,Irc restricted b) the social ~tructure , 
Thc convclllionoll im.~gc of a woman IS 
th,\[ she IS ,Ill llbJccr to he viewed; thiS 
IS Incomplete. Annc, .IS J lesbl.ln , feels 
th,\[ SOC ICty restncts her b)1 a double 
kind of binding. The lesbian is usually 
thought or as J non -sexuoll, molsculine 
"dyke," or .In objecr placed in a sexual 
manner for the pleasure of the molle. She 
feels she is nellher and wants to be 
simply a person , unlabeled . 

Anne's input Jnd her cont inuity of 
sentiment proved to be a springboard 
from which John 's initi.1I proicct h.ls 

Jr.Jpt Into the fCJlm or brcaklng the 
Iolbelling baITIers ror both sexes. The 
go.11 of the project has evolved IntO the 
destruction of the pre-concelvcd nOtions 
",hlch .Ire .ltt,lched to mel1 and women. 

Nor only ,ll[empting to CJpture the 
ulll\'crsal qU.lhtles in man Jnd womJn 
to lacillt,lle the opel1lng of the soclJI 
mind tow.1rd Indlvldwls. John ,lI1d 
Anne \V.lIlt to destroy the restrictive 
I'ICWS present in soeie!)' toWJrd 
rdoltlonships, rci.Jtlonshlps ber\\'e~ men 
.lI1d women. womcn and women , Jnd 
mcn olnu men 

Bccat;sc vel')' distinct qu.llitles .I re 
olttrlbutcd to men Jnd women, the only 
kllld of relarionship which is thought to 
proVide .1 bJldnce in rhese qu,lliues is ,I 
complemental)' one, th,1t between J mJn 
and .I woman. John and Anne feel that 
since the qualities normally IJbeUed 
mJS uline and feminine have no 
aUJchmem to the sex of .111 individu.11. 
this balJnce In .I rclationship (',Ill be 

PARKa FLY $I.lIIaday 
1 •• 1 •••• : 

valet to and from airtermlnal, Amtrak. bus, T,J. trolley 
1. Conveniently park your car ~. Reserve your space 
2. Dusk to dawn lighting 5. Take your keys with you 
3. Large well secured lot 6. Includes valet service 

Open 24 hours a day. Division of MAA Auto Storage & Park 
165 seventh Ave ,. Seventh & L, San Diego 

2M-5206 

----

oJ · 

olrrallled in .IIlY combin,ltIon 01 twO 
people. 

Their belief IS that when the ,IVcr,lge 
viewer looks ..11 .1 picture of two Inen , he 
or ,he IS .lUwm.ltlc.lily ol,lscd .lg.lInSt 
the pOSSibility o[ there hClIlg an)' 
senslli\'lI), In the cnn neulon B)' 
shoollng photos of men III sULh .1 \\..1)' 
thJI the ~en'IIII' II)' I., unl11lst.1k,lble, 
Anne ,mel John \\ .lIlt to m,lke the Ide.1 ,I 
posl\l\'e one l110re ,lcceptahlc III ,)ur 
SOCIC!)' When prescntlng rwo \\'om('n , 
Anne .1I1d John 's deSire IS to preselll 
thcm In such ,I \Vol) that the)' I,dl IntO 
neither of the t\\'o ~oci.llI)' IIlgralned 
viel~olllts. John Jnd Anne IV.lIlt to 
crCJtc Jn image tholt IS nCllher [hat o~ 

sexless lesbiJns nor thilt or rhe mille 
scxu,11 [,lI1tasy in which the role of the 
domin.lnt m,lle is merely boosted to 
gre.lter proportions 

Anne ,md John Me trylllg to generate 
Im.lges which will t-nake people look at 
thing., III J gre.1ter context. The)' Woll1l 
men olnd womcn to be \'Iewed JS pcople 
InsteJd of ,IS "men" Jnd "womcn ." They 
.I re encourJglllg us to reconSider how 
we Lh.lIlllel Jnd process Identity, to 
recv,lluoltc rhc criten,l on which we bJSC • 
our opinions of others. By emphaSIZIng 
Ihc ulllvcrs.ll quahtlcs prcsent in olil 
people,John Jnd Anne fa(lliratc the 
rejection 01 Iimitlllg IJbels, they open 
the b.nners of ,Icceprabllity. 

•• • •••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 
. . is,. DISCOUNT wtth this ad a : 

UCSD ID. until 11/30/83. ! 
• 

COPY COVE 
of La Jolla 

Specialists In thesis reproduction, 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• !!I Xerox copies. reductions, enlargements 

IiIFull color xerox copies 
iii Full binding service. hard & soft cover 
IiIStotioners supplies. typing 

• 
• 

• 
• 
• Mon -Fn 7:3CJ..6:00 : 

70t Pearl St . • La Jolla" Corner of Draper 80 Pearl Sot. 9:()(}'SOO • 
.. • •••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

r---------------·-----------------~ : THE TOGUITCUPlI 
I No.tto Bi~ Bear Markee & The POSt Offkdn Univers'ty C,ty, orner of Go vcr nor Dr, & Regents RJ 

FLAVORS: 
Chllllll,'(l' 
BlIy;,,'nlx'rry 
ChOlUL,(" Mlilt 
Ll.'mnn 
'u,lwhl'rry 

I'umpklll 
c'l<.'nnm 

Rl\sph~rry 
Pr"lim·'N'Cr~;lm 

Vanll'" 
Str"wh~rryl·hn'~'·l' ;, kl' 

Mlll'ha 
Pl';lnut Burkr 
B(u~lx'rrych~,'S~l·"k,' 

ONE FREE TOPPING 
Ls. lullg j~r-

all u, for d.llly na\'ors 457-2339 ~~; :'U, ao.,,,",,, Dr : 
THIS COUPON GOOD FOR ONE FREE SMALL TOPPING I 

WITH THE PURCHASE OF ANY YOGURT • 
1 'PilI" :>;1\\1,,,,1,," 17 I~} Only 2'1.! Mib Away! One Coupon per Cuatomer I 

Op~n Mon-Thu IO:30;lm-9:)Opm. FrI-S.lt lO:30;~m-LO:OOpm, un (1 :00am-9:00pm : 
L W~'rl' now lKCl'r( lIl~ :ll'pj,~;l(ions !mm UCSD StuJ"nts - • ---------------------------------~ 



Police attack 
",,,WllH·t/ /""" r"~(' 1.1 JUSt ,lppro,lChlng an o ffi cer to S,IY 'he llo' 

would help open up ,10 avenue o f 
communi cation <lnd would f.lciilt,Hc the 
bu il di ng 01 ,1 trusting rd,lIionshlp 
between studem and offk: e r. " 

illStigated a patrol o ffi cer on .1 bicycle. It 
is not uncommon to see thi s o ffi cer 
cruiSing ,lround in his shorts and tenms 
shoes and casually chamng with 
students. We now have the opponunity 
to ask questions and talk with the 
officer on d light , easygoing basis, Just as 
one might wi th a fn end . 

Kur1Z explainS, "An effon o n the pa n 
o f the stud ent is necessary also. Even 

We must see this ideal rcl,H1ons hlp <IS 
al!ainable ,1Od IInpo rtant In the 
maintenance o f a health y college 
commumry. O nl y in working together 
may students ,md poilce l1nally come to 
vtew eac h other as ,lilies. 

§CCIHIOUIRSIHlllIP§ 
A V AITILAI8ILlE 

The Harty S. Truman Scholanhlp 
Applications for nomination for The Harry S, Truman 
Scholarship award for the 1984/85 academic year are 
now available in the Student Fmancial Services Office. 
This scholarship is awarded on the basis of merit to 

students who will be college juniors in September 1984 
and who have an outstanding potential for leadership in 
government. Applicants must be preparing for a career 
in public service, Each scholarship covers tuition. fees. 
books. and room and board. to a maximum of $5000 

annually for up to four years. 
Deadline for applications is November 28. 1983. See 

Student Financial Services for further information. 

The Rotary Founcladon Scholanhlp 
The purpose of The Rotary Foundation Scholarship is to 

further international understanding and friendly 
relations among peoples of different countries. 

Scholarships are available to accomplish one academic 
year of study or training in a foreign country where 

Rotary dubs are located, Scholarship candidates must 
submit evidence of ability to read. write and speak the 
language of the study country if it is different from the 

candidate's native language, 'Scholarships do not 
include funds for language training. 

Deadline for applications for 1985/86 academic year is 
March 1. 1984. See Student Financial Services for 

further infonnation. 

1 

What of responsibiliry? Obligation? 
To what? Obligallon h<ls me,ming only 
in reference to oneself. Selfish 7 
Perhaps, but each person is completely 
sell1sh anyway. If I tell myself that I'm 
dOing something for the good of 
others, it's likely th,1t I'm doing it really 
for me, patting myself on the back, as 
it were . Every person is absolutely 
responsible for his own happiness. We 
are obligated to avoid <lctions that 
create unhappiness in our lives. Again 
thiS seems selfish , but \\ I,~n doing 
things for others we usually expect 
something in rerum , again doing it 
reaUy for our own gratification. Only 
by doing things completely for 
ourselves can we do thlOgs for others 
without resenting.1l if they don't 
rcspond in kind. 

JUSt tty to dance, skip . step-swing 
a round the hurdles while at the same 
time jumping right over them , through 
them , 11110 them. If you C,lO tap into 
the energy that is alw,lys ,lVallable , life 
IS the most Vibrant h igh gomg. There 
arc tI mes 10 my Ii fe when I get o n the 
happlOess tmin and move so f,1 t I 
think I'll nevcr SlOp 

Who gives a damn about people 
dyi ng in Leb,m o n when half the time I 
C.lO't ge t Jlong With 10)' own mother? If 
.I few more poilti cid n~ would resolve 
the cunllicts in their 0 \\11 souls I think 

--Tom Serum--

Cultivating 
a selfish 
lifestyle 

they'd feel a lot less inclined to give (1 
cmp about what anqther persons' 
political beliefs are . I say cultivate the 
peace within , thence comes the peace 
without. 

Right. Sure. What bull. So go hve in 
a cave in the Himalayas dnd meditate , 
go cultivate your peace and make no 
difference in' the world . For aU the 
effect you wiD have , you mtght as weU 
just die. 

I see it more like being a cool 
breeze blowing through the middle of 
a scorching afternoon . By being a 
peaceful person I hope to be able to 
jump directly into the middle of the 
angriest moment imaginable and 
alleviate some of that negative energy, 
absorb it to mdke the whole more 
balanced . I'm just a sponge, cleanmg 
the crap off the counter to get closer 
to that bright, white light , beneath the 
grime of dogma and the odors of 
hatred . 

I guess the tri ck is to walk through 
the mud. the shl! , the piss, aU the 
s lime of dny <lOd every moment . and 
come off covered with the stuff until 
you Jump Into the peaceful shower of 
consciousness dnd nnse It all down 
the drain Get dlrry but nm stdined ; 
get be,llen but not hun ; get buried 
alive , ,lOd die laughing . 

&- of thl' world but not 10 It. 

The Professional School 
, •• , HW''''"hl/( :'1/"1,<,, 

A Graduate School of 
Professional P5ychology 

Harold G ree II wa Id. PhD., President 
The Professional School is offering partial scholarships for both the M.it and Ph .D. 

COUNSEUNG PSYCHOLOGY programs for Winter Quarter. Our graduates quaUfy Jor 
licensing in tht State of California. both as PSYCHOLOGISTS and/ or as Marriage. Family 
and Chilli Therapists. 

A distingUished Jaculty of experienced psychologists offer classes specifically designed for 
working professionals. Classes arc held in the evenings and on weehends throughout 
California and spedal formats have been set up to accommodate out -oI-state sludents. 
Recent faculty lectures have included such recog,lized authorities as George Bach , Alberr 
ElliS. Nathaniel Brandon. Erv and Miriam Polster and Zerka Moreno. 
For j urther infonnallon ca ll or wnte to: Tht: ProJt:S5ional School. 2425 San Diego Ave .. Sail 
Dieg(l. Ca 92 110. (619) 296-44 72. (Leaming ce nters located throughout California ). 

ECONOMICS STUDENTS 
Winter Quarter Update 

Two courses not listed in the Schedule of Classes are being added 
by the Department of Economics for Winter 1984. 
Econ 131. Econom'a of the Environment. Survey of the 

economics of pollution, population pressure, and other 
environmental issues. Public policy is emphasized. Prerequisite 
Econ IA-18 or better, Instructor: Richard Ruppert. 
TIh 8:30 - 9:50 in APM 2113, Cours~ Code 4671. 

Econ 141. Econom'a of Natura. Resources. Microeconomic 
analysis of renewable and nonrenewable natural resources, 
Performance of a market economy' with emphasis of market 
failures and on policies to improve performance. Prerequisites 
Econ IA- IB or better plus Math lA-IB-1C or better, 
Instructor: Jefferson Frank. (This course has not yet gotten the 
official bureaucratic approvals; so there is no time, room, or 
course code yet. Indeed there can as yet be no absolute 
assurance that the course will be offered. Please check with the 
department on or after November 23rd.) 

.'II"\ '(',,,I~.,. 21 , 1983 15 

A Revelle College Publicarion - Universiry of California. San Diego 

Volume 10 Number 4 FALL QUARTER 
Ravings From 

Revelle 
Editor's Note: The following is an 
excerpt from Jack S tephen 'S 
Thanksgiving rendition of "Ravings 
from Revelle". Our thanks toJack Jnd to 
Marianne Woo. -I<H 

Meanwhile , back in WeaverviDe 
(sorry, JB) .... Mom and Dad have li ved a 
time of work, of the car 10 the shop, of 
Carson at night and the Today Show in 
the morning. A time of reading the 
paper and raking the leaves (do they do 
that in California?). In ShOll , six weeks. 

Thanksgiving approaches and it's 
time to rediscover Mom. Dad , and Aunt 
Bess ("You've grown so big. dear! ") and 
Uncle Charlie (pipe, tweeds , and 
tobacco like dried Ganges River mud). 
Whdt foUows is a primer for a successful 
reumon: 

CLEANING: DON'T refer to your 
mother a s the "matro!).". 
CLOTHING: DON1' fill your pockets . 
with pens and iIIin. DO try an~ 
find a pair of ~ 
EATING: DO 
shiny obJects 
DON'T 

j 
"BITCHIN" ("I'm mindless, of course . 
but it sounds lovely") 
"GNARLY" (see dbove) 

There you have it. My amassed 
Wisdom after 6 years and 6 weeks in 
dorms (2 years and 8 days documented 
.IS sober). Good luck and happy day, 
turkey. 

Revelle Yearbook 
The Revelle Yearbook is only three 
years old, bur ir is already broadening 
irs horizons: ir will be UCSD's firsr 
hard-cover yearbook! Although the 
Revelle Yearbook mighr be considered 
small in comparison ro rhose from high 
school, its 64 pages contain all the 
dorm residenrs, the various staffs and 
organizations of Revelle, a commurer 
secrion. and photos from mosr of rhe 
Revelle evenrs. There are a.lso eight 
pages of spor color. 

Last year nearly 300 copies were 
sold. and this year the Revelle 
Yearbook will be even better. The cosr 
is only $10 now at the Revelle Provost 
Office (see Diane), rhe Community 
Center Office (from the interns), or 
rhe dormies can buy theirs from their 
dorm rep (see your RA) when rhe 
dorm photos are taken. Hurry because 
the price will go up in Winter and again 
in Spring! Remember to be sure ro hold 
on to your receipr! 

The Revelle Yearbook is pur 
rogether by a 25-person staff, from 
dorm representatives to photographers 
to layout and copy edirors. Anyone 
inreresred in joining the staff (no 
experience necessary) should contacr 
the ediror. Tamara Hurley (455-9849, 
Argo 567, PO Box 4746, or leave 
message at the Revelle Provost Office), 

SPECIAL NOTE: If you boughr a 
yearbook last year and haven't picked 
it up yet, bring your receipt (or 10) ro 
Diane at the Revelle Provost Office ro 
ger your copy, 

SPOTLIGHT ON: Marianne Woo 

ne IS a JUnior ,n wem to Marlborough High, .l private, all.glrl 
prep school (!) She is a member of RPB (Revelle Program Board). RCC (Revelle College Councol ), and 
ROC (Revelle Organizations Commillee) She also serves as Reve lle rep to Ihe AS seml·formal 
committee. She even takes a class or twO She finds time for all thIS by allocating the hours of 9· 5 for 
school. And the rest of her time? "That time ," she says with a sultry smile. "is for me: 

Mananne IS known aboul campus for her wold clothes (L.L. Bean is the orde rof the day) dnd off·beat 
sense of humor. (Her favonte practical JOke last year was posing as the Provost's daughter) Mdrlan ne IS 
really.l fun gill. so If you see her around campus, be sure to say hello! (Then we'll kn ow how many of you 
really re .. d Revellations!) 

~-Around the Plaza-....... 
Tuesday, Nov. 22, 12 noon .. Brown Bag lunch 
with Bob Moss from the PE dept. Sign up in the 
Community Center. 
Wednesday, Nov. 23 .. UCSD Jazz Ensemble plays 
at noon on the plaza. 
Friday, Dec. 2 ., Nancy Hill plays at noon on the 
plaza ~ NPB cake social included! 
Monday, Dec. 5 ., Free day; no classes to be held. 

Itt~VV'" 

InteIView: 
Lindsey 
S trob en 

Lindsey Stroben is the new ng inte~n at Revelle. She is an 
interesring, wann and friendly woman who appears to have a genuine concern for Revelle 
students. 

Lindsey grew up in Greenwich, Connecticut .md dn.ended Deni~n Unive.rsiry in Ohio. 
She became interested In psychology and counsehng because l[ combines her two 
interests, biology and anthropology, in a way that provides for personal contact as weU. 

After Denison, Lindsey went to work at The UCLA Neuro-Psychiatry Institute doing 
research on animals. Though she found the work interesting. she says she had "a hard time 
justifying the things (we) were doing to rhe animals." She also found that she missed 
personal contact. She then enrolled at San !;)iego's California School of ProfeSSional 
Psychology. The school combines practical experience with theoretical education (i .e. 
interships) and this is what brought Lmdsey to UCSD. 

Lindsey has found Revelle students to be "bnght, nice people" who are "Interested in 
understanding themselves." Since she is so close in age to her clients she feels that she can 
reiate to their problems, although at times she has a difficult t!me bei ng objective ,because 
it is so easy for her to remember her own experience. She finds that Revelle students are 
struggling with the problems of trying to deal with a new environment and an overload of 
work and activities. Also, many students who enter ReveUe with an outstanding high 
school record do poorly at first and this tends to make them doubt themselves and their 
abilites. There are many stressors at Revelle that Lindsey sees · trying to develop new social 
systems, trying to make top grades, and trying to fit into a new environment. 

Lindsey does counseling on an individual basis in which she and her client set a goal to 
be achieved within a given time. She also runs the new suppon group for students with 
eating disorders, which she feels is going very well. 

After her year here , Lindsey WtU receive her doctorate (hopefully this June) and will 
practice family therapy. From working with Revelle students she has learned (and wtll 
continue to learn) more about the developmental processes we all experience. She also 
feels she has learned a lot about herself - and she admits to having gotten caught up in the 
excitement of college life . She enjoys Revelle and its students a great de')l ,md feels she will 
benefit from working with suC;h a unique , diverse, and exciting group of people. 

- K.H., ed. 

ACADEMIC ADVISORY 
FINAL EXAMS: Check your revised 
Fall '83 class Schedule of Classes (p. 
14) for the final exam schedule, If there 
is a time conflict, or if you have three or 
four finals scheduled. for one day. 
contact your insrructor(s) ro make 
special arrangemenrs . If problems 
occur , contact rhe Provost's Office for 
assistance. 

LANGUAGE PROFICIENCY 
EXAMS: The language proficiency 
exams will be given at rhe end of Fall 
Quarrer as follows: 

French, German, Russian, and 
Spanish : Saturday, December 
3, 1983 at 9:00 am in USB 
2722. You musr sign up during 
rhe 10th week in . P&L room 
2125. 
*Srudenrs wishing to schedule 
language proficiency cxams in a 
language orher than French, 
German, Spanish and Russian 
can make arrangements with 
C hris Fredericks beginning Jan . 
9. 1984 in the Provost's Office. 

GRADUATING SENIORS: Plan to 
fil e your d egree and diploma 
applicarion rhe quarrer before you plan 
to graduate. The final day to file 
notice of candidacy for Winrer '84 is 
January 20, 1984. 

GRADES: Final grades fo r Fall quarter 
will be available January 6, 1984 ar 
the office of the Regisrrar - rnusr be 
picked up by the studenr. 

COMMITTEE 

UPDATE~iii 
Revelle Food and Housing Commirrce 
has complered quite a few projecrs so 
far, Led by Jamie Baudizzon, the 
committee has succeeded in getting the 
cafereria ro raise irs coffee ro grade A, 
has gotten meal card values at rhe Deli , 
the Ramskellar and Third La ('..usa 
raised. has reviewed and changed menu 
plans in The Cafe, and has gorren The 
Cafe ro open rhree days insread of two, 
Congrars ro rhe very acrive and 
achieving Revelle Committee! 

Why Not Here? 
Why Not Here! is a coffee co-op located in 
the south dining hall at Revelle which has a 
lot to offer. The selection of food ranges 
from bagels to nachos to VO's donuts and 
even pizza. There is a wide screen TV which 
shows movies, music videos, and regular 
TV programs. There are also hopes for 
Mrs. Field's chocolate chip cookies in the 
near future! 

Why Not Here? is more than just a place 
to sit and chat. In fact. it is the hub of 
evening activity for Revelle students. 
Besides the movies and music videos, this 
quarrer will feature WNH's conversion 
into the disco from Saturday Night Fever. 
(Residents will be informed of the details,) 

WNH is run by volunteer students who 
work under the supervision of intern Steve 
Kent and RA Paige Mericle. It is open from 
8:30 - 11:00 pm Sunday rhroullh 
Thursday, openinll at 6:00 Monday for 
Monday Nillht Football. If you are 
interested in workinll next quarter see Steve 
or Pai~, but in any cue be sure to stop by 
WNH for some food and fun! 

-JennifeT GeaI 



with 

.. Ive 
<> 

featuring 
<> 

Alex De Grassi 
Liz Story 

Shadowfax 
Michael Hedges 

<> 
November 27, Sunday, 9:00 p.m. 
UCSD's Mandeville Auditorium 

G.A. $11.75, UCSD Stu. $9.75 
<> 

Tickets on sale now at UCSD Box Offiee &: 
all Tieketton outlets. 

<> 
Call 452-4559 for more information 

I 

HOW SWEET IT IS! 
By ROBERT GEYER ' 

Champions is a good word for it Yes, 
champions are what the UCSD water 
polo players are. In the three day 
Western Regional Warer Polo 
tournament, UCSD went undefeated to 
become the number one team in both 
Division II and Division III water polo. 
In aU five of their games UCSD was 
clearly a cut above the competition. 

Their first gdme of the tournament, 
agdinst Pomona, was d slow staning one 
with the score tied 3-3 at the half. The 
Tritons cranked up and crushed 
Pomon<1 in a second hJlf slaughter. 
ending the gJme Jt 13-5. 

Game twO WJS against Lu)'olJ 
M,II)'moullt It \\',15 the third IllTIe UC D 
h,ld pl'l)'ed L,,)'ol.l . • 1I1d II WJS to be the 
third tllne that they were !O heJt them. 
Ag.lln 1\ W,IS ,I close g,lInc .tt the IMII 
\\'lIh UCSD clinging w ,lone pOint le,ld 
,tt 5-4. AgJl1l the Tritons ge<lrcd up ,md 
thrashed thel r opponelll in the >ccond 
h,11I lo)'oIJ \l"llked ,1ll"1)' from their 
third hL',lIlng b)' the 1 rlwns. Inslng IS-H. 

In the rlmd g.lI11e. UC~D cncollllIcred 
.111 Incredlbl), ~t.llIndl :',lIlt,1 C1.lr.1 te,lIn 
I he I mons' USlI,11 ~In\\' st.1I1 g.lv\: S.IIlt <1 
C1.lr.1 ITInll1l'ntUITI ,md It w,l~n ' t until the 
I,'mth qu.lIter th.1t the 1 ntnns ,lppe.lI'ed 
tll be gelling h.u:k Intll ·ontn't. UC::-D'~ 
dosest g.lInL' nl the Inurn.lI11L'1ll L'llllcd 
h)' .1 scnre ,,1 I I-t}. 

1 he I mOils h.ld Just hl"lIen .111 III the 
,'ther te,11I15 111 their br,lL'ket. 1 W(l g.III1"S 
rCII1,lined . the hrst ,lg,lInst the 
surprlslngl)' p<l\\'erful tL'.11I1 01 ,II 
M,II itilTIe ,111(\ the second ,lg,lInst thcir 
ri\',11. CI.trl'lI1,lIll. 

In the Itrst g,IITIC. UCSD performed 
\'el)' well With \'cry solid play 'icorlng 
IOllr go,tis In c<teh qu,lIter e'<cepI Ihe 
I,ISI the 1 mom h<tndll)' sm<l~hcd <II 
M,lI'Itline 15-7. 

Onl), the 1111,11 g,IITIe lor the (tile 
rem.llncd . (J,lremOIl! S.I\\' the Trll\llls' 
slow st,lrt~ In thclr <lth,'r g.IIllCS <lIld 
thought tI the)' lump,'d nil thelll 1.1,1. 

they might be able to smk them. 
Unfonunately for them the Tritons had 
recognized their mistake and made a 
point to correct it 

Sunday was a terrible day for water 
polo. Wind, rain and cold had 
disrupted the early morning games. The 
UCSD-C1aremont title game was the last 

comest of (he day. Just before the stdn , 
the rain stopped but the wind persisted. 
The game began Jnd the Triton learn 
quickly jumped to a 2-0 lead on the 
strength of two goals by DJnJ Greisen. 
Greisen, the evemualtournament MVP, 
WdS an animal in front of the goJI in the 
first qua ne r. After his two-goal outburst. 

the Claremont coach had his players 
play Greisen very cautiously. Mike 
Bolden, an integml pan of the Triton 
olTensive scheme scored a third goal for 
UCSD. Ag:lin . as Greisen hdd done 
twice before , Bolden merely 
overpowered his mdn. Things looked 

plnl\<' tUtt' Ii' p"g<' 18 



Coach Denny Harper saw (I season transform from mediocre to banner. 

(I1 tH ltltll',' ./' cJIII fllt~l 17 
bledk for Claremont. The qUJner ended 
3-0 

UC D c<lme InID the second penod 
finng shOls. GOdls by Greisen. Bolden 
and Dick Banfield brought the Triton 
le<ld to six by the half. CIJremont then 
m<lmged to sneak two goals by Tnton 
goahe Duncan Millar to end the hdlf at 
6-2 

The third qUJner was by far the most 
excruCiating ID observe from a UCSD 
standpolOt. The Tritons h<ld SIX shots 
bounce ofT the bM of the Claremont 
goal But C1<1rcmom couldn't put d shOl 
10 either Jnd the qU<lner ended With the 
score stili at 6-2. 

UCSD. eyeing their le.ld. went on the 

FINAL 

defenSive , and Claremont dUdcked . They 
scored two qUick goals Jnd were in <I 
position ID score <I third when the shot 
was blocked by the bar. The bars of the 
goals had more blocks than either 
goalie. The Tritons c<lme back dnd 
scored to put the game OUt of reach. It 
ended 10 a screaming uproar at 7 -4. 

After the game the team paid their 
respects to Claremont and promptly 
suggested that coach Harper emer the 
water. He was unable to refuse their 
proposal. The UCSD women's volleyball 
te<lm, which had Jlways supported the 
w<lter polo team, supplied the 
chJmpagne. and the celebrdtion began. 

The awards ceremony followed with 
m.1I1Y honors going to UCSD pldyers 

The Committee on Educational Policy (CEP) wishes to 
remind students and faculty of the following rules 

concerning tinal examinations: 

1. Final examinations are required in all 
undergraduate courses except laboratOIY 
courses. 

2. A final examination must whenever 
practicable, be written and must be completed 
by all participants within a previously 
announced time limit. 

3. Examinations in non-Ioboratory courses may 
not exceed three hours' duration. 

4. Although the instructor may give a final 
examination at an alternative time dwtng 
examination week, students must be 
permitted to take an equivalent examination 
at the originally scheduled time if they so desire. 

S, The instructor may not require a "take-home" 
final examination to be turned in before the 
date and hour at which the examination in the 
course was scheduled by the Registrar. 

6, No student may be excused from assigned 
final examinations. 

7. Final examinations may be given neither on 
the Monday of examination week (the "free 
day") nor at any time be10re examination 
week without explicit permission of the CEP. 

Students having questions about the application 01 
these rules should see either the chair 01 their 

instructor's department or their college provosts. 

Dana Greisen . who had played 
mdsterfull), throughout the tOumJmem 
was n.lmed as the Most Valu.lble PI.lyer. 
Bill Kazm ierowicz .lIld Di k Banfield 
were selected to the first tournamem 
team (the top 7 pl,lyers 111 the 
tournament), and Jerry Wisdom was 
chosen for the second team. Greisen, 
c\e.1rly pleased over the MVP award 
sa id , "I thlOk it 's great, but I am really 
gl.ld we won ." He .Idded, "M ike Bolden 
should h.Jve gorren ,In .lw.Jrd ,lisa. He 
was such ,I key passer .lIld an important 
pan .of our g.lI11e ." AbtlUt the tourn,lmem 
D.1I1,1 Solid . -We did what we IV,lIlted to 
do. \Ve \\'on ,IU of our fin.11 g.tmes. We 
played well!" 

yedr." About the Claremont g.Jme Harper 
mentioned that they overwhelmed them 
with defenSive play. "We dominated them 
both mem.lUy and physiC.llly. It was close, 
but I never felt uncomfortable after 
our early lead ." 

The Tritons have done l'xceptionaUy 
well to end .111 up-and-down season on 
such a positive note And II is such a 
young tcam rh,\t 111 the COlll lng yeJ!>. 
espeCially next season. the), should 
remalO a powerful force. 11 .lrper 
mentioned that he IS Jlready being 
ll00ded with calls from nc\\ "hot-shot" 
recruits. ThiS ),CJr the polo se.lson 
ended With the TTitons winning 

Co.lCh Il arper \\'.15 eest.nie. He Solid . 
"The S(\lson has been .1 g od one. I 
really feci good about it. It "Iso ended 
on a reall) positive note unlike 1,lst 

Western Rcglonals and being crowned 
the DiVision II .md III ch,lI1lpions. Next 
year the season may not cnd so early. but 
any tealll ha, the c-upahllny to do It 
Harper's squad does. 

Ray Haywood passes off during UCSD's triumph at the new Canyon View pool. 

FINANCIAL' AID 
RECIPIENTS 

Check disbursement dates for 
Winter and Spring Quarters 1984 

have been moved ahead. 

Once your fees are paid, 
you may claim your 

financial aid checks at the 
Loan Administration Office, 

Building 211 in the 
Administrative Complex 

from 9:00 am to 4:00 pm, 
during the following days: 

Winter Quarter 1984 
January 4 • January 20, 1984 

Spring Quarter 1984 
March 28 . April 13, 1984 

• • • • 

BE SURE TO HAVE AVAILABLE YOUR 
NEW PHOTO IDENTIFICATION CARD. 

i ' 

Running Thoughts 
By MIKE GREENBERG & JEFF SAVAGE 
WHAT'S GOING ON HERE DEPT. Friday in the Pavilion in from of a packed house 
of Triton loyalists, the UCSD women's volleybaO team lost to Loyola Marymoum in four 
games. Despite the defeat it was a very special occasion for aU who warched perhaps 
the greatest UCSD athlete of all time finish out her career. Two time All-American 
Louise "Lulu" Schwartz paid her last respects to UCSD while playing her final game at 
home where she has enjoyed four years of tremendous success. As a sophomore, she 
quarterbacked UCSD to a national championship and received All-American honors for 
her efforts. She was also selected as the UCSD co-Athlete of the Year. Last year the 
Tritons advanced to the National Championship game before losing to laVerne. 
Schwartz was honored with her second All-American season. Coach Doug Dannevik 
claims that despite her previous success, Schwartz "is playmg better now than any time 
in her career." Schwartz's contributions have to be considered as the difference . 
between UCSD's superior play and that of other Division III schools. She will be the 
first UCSD athlete to ever have a jersey retired. 
NOT TO BE BEUEVED DEPT. It's funny, but ever since the salary boom in 
professional athletics started with baseball's free agency in 1975. fans have been 
irritated with athletes who reaDy are only exercising their right of free enterprise. It 
must be a sore spot for most, since athletes are now making 52 miOion a year (a sum 
that most of us won't come close to in a lifetime). But why the resentment? People 
don't get angry when Wayne Newton perfonns in Las Vegas for a week and pockets 
5350,000. That is viewed by the general populace as entertainment. But then what are 
professional sports? These athletes are getting paid exacdy what the marker WIll bear. 
More often than not. professional owners are extremely wealthy businessmen who can 
afford to fork OUt big coin to sign joe Shmo. Sure there are athletes who are overpaid 
- relative to other athletes. Vince Evans, fonner Chicago Bear quarterback and now 
member of the Chicago Blitz, just signed for $5 miOion . That seems absurd , umil you 
do some checking and find that Mitch Kupcak has earned two million doUars over the 
past twO years to sit on the Los Angeles Lakers' bench in street clothes. The only time 
fans should be frustrated is when an athlete does not perform the way a miUion-dollar 
investment should . Dave Parker, of the Pittsburgh Pirates, was subjected 10 constant 
.harassment by fans in Three River Stadium, but thar kind of tonnent was justified. 
Parker was making $1.2 miUion a year in a steel town with 13% unemployment and 
was batting a mediocre .250. But aD emertaineres take the risk of being chastized by 
the general public if they don't perfonn up ro expectation. If Wayne NeWlon sings off 
key, fans will boo and demand their money back. But if NeWlon sings well , nobody 
complains about his salary no matter how ludicrous it may be. Consequently. If Moses 
Malone leads the Philadelphia 76ers to another championship. as he did last year. why 
are people so upset that he earns $2 miUion for doing it? Sounds like a pretty 
ridiculous double standard ro us. 
WAIT A MINUTE DEPT. Channel 10 weeknight sportscaster Mike Smith visited UCSD 
last Wednesday to discuss a variety of topics, including the comroversial Ted Leimer, 
Smith's competition at Channel 8. Speaking in Jack Douglass' PE 120 class, Smith was 
questioned about the Don CoryeO show. a program that the sportscaster hosts follOWing 
Monday night f~aU. When asked if the telecast is just a propaganda effort by the . 
di"argers, Smith replied, "That is exactly what it is. The Chargers pay for the 30 . 
minutes of programming and vinuaDy dictate what they want to be aired ." Why in the 
world are the people of San Diego played for such imbeciles? Can'r Channel to, 
with cooperation from the Chargers, air a show that truly reflecrs what went on the 
previous wt:ekend. "Last year it was really bad," says Smith. "When the Denver Broncos 
crushed the Chargers 55-21 , we wt:re permitted to see only one Denver touchdown: 
Some criticism should be attributed to head coach Don CoryeU, who appears on the 
program every week. Known for never bad-mouthi.ng his players in public, Coryell has 
taken his sense of loyalty to the extreme, so much in fact that he is oblivious to the 
truth. When the Chargers stink up Jack Murphy Stadium, CoryeU should be honest 
enough with the fans of San Diego (0 say so. Instead, aU we hear is how Mike Green 
played so weU, and how Gary Johnson. Rick Ackennan and the two cornerbacks, 
Danny Walters and Gill Byrd , get better each week. Yet this is the same defense which 
is ranked next ro last in the NFL If San Diegans are naive enough to believe that the 
4-8 Chargers are still on their way to the Super Bowl with that "good .lggressive 
defense" (Coryell's words). then so be it. 
ON THE AIRWAVES DEPT. For the first timc in irs 15 year history, KSDT mdio (95.7 
CABLE FM, 540 in the donns) is going to broadcast both the men 's and women's 
basketbaD games, staning this Friday, November 25. when the men face the visiting 
National team from Guadalajara. The campus radio station has broadcast rhe men's 
gJmes the past twO seasons but is making a diversified attempt to cover women's 
home games as well. According to the station's Spons Depanmcnt, KSDT is looking for 
people interested in broadcast journalism to aid them in doing the games. Engineers. 
production assistants. field reporters , statisticians, spotters, play-by-play and color 
commentators should apply immediately if interested in broadcast experience. For 
those of you who would like to listen to the contests, and don't live in the dorms 
where one can get the station on 540. come on down to KSDT .lI1d pick up easy 
instructions on how to listen to exciting Triton action . After all. it is your school; get 
into the spirit. 
NEXT QUESTION PLEASE DEPT. Thursday's question: Has any UCSD athlete ever 
won player of the year honors twO years in a row? Answer: Yes. Joe Hernandez of the 
men's swimming team captured the honor in 1979-80 and in 1980-81. Toddy'S 
quesrion: Trdck SLlr Carl Lewis will attempt to rie Jesse Owens' four gold meddl 
perfonnance this summer in rhe 1984 Olympics. When Owens SCt the record in Berlin 
Gennany. 1936. what were the events that eJrned him national recognition? Answt:r a 
wt:ek from today in Monday's column. 
THERE'S NO WAY IT COULD BE DEPT. When the Air Force Academy Lady Fd\cons 
bounced the Tritons out of the UCSO/ Coors Volleyball Invitational and then wem on 
to defeat USIU to cLlim this year's title , it was a filr gre.lter accomplishment thiln It 
would Ilrst appeilr to be. Of the 4.100 students enrolled in the Academy in Colorado. 
only 48 .ue women. and of those. just a handful participate in spons on an 
intercollegiate level. There are 14 women's teams that compete throughout the year and 
most of the volleybaU players panicipate on all of these teams. During the fall season 
these SJme voi leybJlI players compete in basketball, OJg football . archery. Wolter polo 
and broomball. This rigorous schedule aUows for no pmctice time. which molkes the 
superbly synchronized play of rhe volleybaUers in the UCSO/Coors tournament that 
much more rem.lTkJble. Just a day before Friday's lOurn,lmcnt the Academy WJS in San 
Fr .. ncisco competing in the Sixth Annual USF Archery Invit.ltlonal. And just twO hours 
Jftcr the)' claimed their trophy in the PaVIlion . the Lady FJ\cons were on their Wa)' to 
Menllllllll1ie . Wisconsin . to take on rhe University of Wisconsin-Stout in the Ilrst 
round 01 the Midwestern regionlll Broomb.dl Championshtps. 

nsHollday 
ng a Friend 

Haircut 
1 st person $10 

2nd person $5 
(conditioning shampoo 

included 

.-.-:-.RJI •• ..-. haircutting designers DeIIr ... Loul •• a Laura. 

(~Hoavm]X ) 
O/fer expires 11-2~ with this ad. 

7556 Fay Ave., La Jolla 
454-2193 

SOFT CONTACT LENSES 
One Hour Service in most cases 

ICLUDES: 
Contact lenses, examination, 
petient trainirl9, follow up, 
chemical care kit and fitting. 
EX1ENDED WEAR LENSES 
ONLY tI65.OO 

THE CLASSICAL EYE 
DR. ROIERT HELLEIl 0P1rw.41ETR1ST1 

La Jolla Village Square 
(Inside the Mall; LO'Ner Level) 

8657 Villa La Jolla Drive • Suite 136 
4H-7374 

The 
Student 
Center 
Food Coop 

Your non-profit source 
of groceries and 

snack foods 

fruit juices 
trail mixes 
organic produce 
fruit bakery goods 
nuts bagels 
dried fruit croissants 
teas cheeses 

dairy products 
ice cream 

sodas 

In the Student Center 
South of Mandeville Auditorium 

HOUTS: 
Monday - Friday 
Sat1C1'ciay 

9:30 to 4:00 
11:30 to 1:30 



Wanted: ~ 
Guardian .~ The Guardian is looking for bea~ writers to cover Triton 

action throughout the year. Sports Wrlten Surfing • Volleyball .Basketball • Swimming • Fencing 

AND BEfORE 
I KNEW IT, THEY 

DONE ROUNDED UP 
fIC'( WIFE NfD I<IDS 
AND SHOVED 'EM 
INTO THE DARN 
SPACESHIP. 

LAsTNI6HI''Rc:u40 
MIONI&Hr. .. A 

BLWCH fYFAISNS 
lANDED RI6Hr 
HERE IN MY 

OWN BACKYARD. 

GUESS 
lHAT CONFIRMS 
ll£RE'SNO 

INTEW6ENT LIFE 
OUT1HERE. 

c 1983 Beer Brewed by Miller BreWing Co Milwaukee. WI 

Vawtion Jobs 
for 

Sodal Chcmge 
Work for consumer rights. 

environmental protection with 
CaJP[RG. the .,ate·s IaIQ8Sl 
pubUc: lntel'8lt organimt1on. 
Eam SI35-225 per week on 
dt1Jen outreach staff. PoI1t1ons 
available in Berkeley. LA. San 
Otego for ChJ1stmasbreakand 
lull-time jobs. Jntervtews on 
0CIJnI?\IS Nov. 29 a 30. Sign up 
In Career Planning a 
Placement (l~ HL) or call 
Terry at 279-5553. 

COUNCIL TRAVEL 
BUDGET AJlFAiES 

San FrcmdIco $39ow/$1lrt 
HOUlton $115ow/$23Ort 
New York $l79o.!$339rt 
Londou S3390w/$624rt 
Dualeldorf $34Oow/$589rt 
Copenhagen $36Oow/$595rt 

$4100w/$655rt Stockholm 
HonglCong S43S0w/$699rt 
HonglCong S3650w/$685rt 
Aucklcmd $53Oow/$106Ort 
Sydney $605ow/$121Ort 
Tatpei S3550w/$655rt 
Tokyo $465ow/$639rt 
Bangkok $459o./$869rt 

Contact 
CIEE/Coundl Travel 
Second Floor. Student Center 

452-0630 

ACROSS IIOW1I 
1 LSAT HAl 1 NMB t CRE PSYCH 
2 GMAT 11 TOHl 2 V/)f 11 CRE 810 
3 GRI 11 " AI 3 lCfMC, 11 ACHI[V[M[NT S 
4 MCAI 12 "~AI 4 ILEX 12 NUR~ING sO, 
S IJAI 
, MAl 
7 peAl 
• O(.AI 

13 .,AI 5 NOB 13 CPA 
14 ~l I • NP81 U SPffU RfADIN(; 
15 M,KP 7 NCB I 15 ~Sl RtVltW 

• r.(IIN~ • 11 INIRQ If) 
LAW ~CHOOi 

~-H. 
MPIAN 
EOUCATIONAlOENTEA 

San Diego Center 
2180 Gamet Ave., Suite 20 
Pociflc Beoch 92109 
(6i9) 27N1iO 
ML McNulty. Administrator 

Tritons sport a new look 
By G.S. PERITZ 

The sound of sqUo.',\king sneakers and 
le.lther slapping wood filled the TritOn 
PavIlion First-ye,1[ head coach Tom 
M,trShall W,\S pumng the UCSD men's 
basketball team through one drill aher 
another. including a "loose ball" driU in 
which the players dIve aross the gym 
floor preventing the ball from rolling out 
of bounds, Nobody likes leavmg bits of 
his flesh on the floor. but despite the 
huffing and puffing the team seems full 
of enthusiasm. With five seniors and six 
juniors on the roster, the team has 
experience and maturity to go along 
with its tdlent. Marshall . who selVed as 
assistant coach the last two years under 
John Block (who now coaches at Oral 
Roberts) before gening the tOP spot , is 
optimistic the Tritons will be among the 
top teams in NAlA Dis£rlct III , 

"We will be a very versatile team, We 
will have speed in the guard spots with 
a pair of 6' juniors. returner Brandon 
Nixon and Mesa Community College 
transfer Randy Bennett, and we will 
have good size under the boards, with 
returners Steve Aint , 67". Mark Barreca. 
67", and 6'9" Mike Dabasinskas." 

The TrilOns are a fast team with good 
outSide shooting, so they will change 
their offense this year to better suit their 
strengths, Instead of running the high 
post-low post half-coun game of the 
past three seasons , the Tritons will open 
up the floor with an offense utilizing the 
fast break, ttying [Q capitalize on the 
transition game. The result wiu be a 
more free Oowing motion of offense 
with aU players involved in movement, 
as opposed [Q running 10 a spot on the 
floor. MarshaU will have good 
rebounding from the front line so the 
players , especially the off guard, will 
hlI,ve the green light to take their shots 
when open. 

The forward spots will be filled by 
Steve Aint and Mark Barreca. Aint, II 
senior, averaged 6.2 poims per game 
and 4.1 rebounds per game as a staner 
last season, He could play either forward 

position , .IS can Junior Mark Barreca 
(4 ,9 ppg. 3,6 rpg), Inside muscle will 
come from 6'9H Mike Dabasinskas. 

The Tritons open their season 
November 22 at Claremont College. The 
pre-season will be a difficuh one, as 
seven of the first nine contests are on 
the rodd, including trips to Pac-1O 
powers Cal Berkeley on November 26 
and Stanford on December 10, Pre-
sedson action also includes three 
LOumdments matching the Tritons 
against at least two Division II 
contenders, the Grand Canyon College 
Tournament. December 16-17 (UCSD 
opener against CII State U\). the CSU 
Chico Tournament, December 28-30 
(Triton opener against Alaska· 
Fairbanks). and the UCSD laJol1a 
Classic on January 6-7 . The Tritons wiD 
be ready when confelTQce play begtns 
against Biola University Januaty 11 , 
Player Profiles: 
Matt Adams 

Stdner two years ago ... will play both 
forward and center...fifth year 
senior ... good outside shOOler ... Tritons' 
sixth IlliIn, 
Mark Barreca 

Pan-time starter in 1982-83 
season .. . shOl 48% from the floor dnd 
75% from the free throw line ... three-year 
veteran .. ,expected to nil the strong 
forward position this season .. ,ave raged 
4.9 ppg and 3,6 rpg. 
Randy Bennett 

Junior transfer from Mesa Junior 
College ... AlI-S!:ar gl4lrd as a 
sophomore ... wiU play the point gu.trd 
position .. ,exceDem passer .. . probable 
Sl<lrter in [he Tritons' new passmg game 
onense .. ,AlI-State at Westwood High, 
Rich Bertelsen 

Six-foOl. seven-iOl.:h junior 
center...Most V.dl4lble PI.lyer and AlI-
Le,lgue selection .11 Mount Vernon High 
m Washington .. ,will back up 
Dabasinsk.ls in the middle ... one of six 

r---------------------------------, I Term Papers a Probl8IN? TheIeI? Manuacrlpts? I 
; Why Worry - Do what Alfred E. Newman does... : 

! . Use HTC I 
COPIES 2~ HI·Tech COPYONLY : 
Xerox 9500 $17.50 an hour rate on I 

• 2-slded copying 
• Transparencies 

• Cutting 
• sj~lng 

• RedJctlons • Collating Free 
• Enlagements • Colored Paper 

DirectIoN: !-805 to Mira Meso Blvd, 
Exit east 'I. mile to Scranton. right 2 

Word Processing I 
No Set-Up Chargel I 
~ L-________________________________ ~ 

436-6682 
OPEN 12 HOURS A DAV. EVEI'f DAV 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

blocks to.902 Carroll canvon ad. at Offer expires December 10, 1983. I 
L comer, • 
----------------------------------

juniors on Ihe Triton squJd .. ,his first 
}'c.lr on [he te.lm 
Jack Bloom 

Six-foOl, tWO-lOch sophomorc transfer 
from UC Riversidc .. . AII-Le,lgue ,lOd MVP 
.It Wilson High School. .. good outside 
shooter ... wiil be eligIble 10 pl,IY In 
December. 
Mike Dabasinskas 

SIx-foot. ninc-i nch 265 lb. stalling 
cemer ... rclUms for hIS third ye,\f . 44,9% 
from the floor and 58.1 % from the line 
last year. .. will provide strength inSide 
with rebounding, 
Steve Flint 

In hiS final year ,IS ,\ Trnon after 
mmsferring from UNLV ... as ,I p,tn-time 
st.lner pulled down 99 rebounds, third 
on team ... 6 .2 ppg .. . st,tning at the 
shooting forward position . ..Ied the 
TrilOns in free throw percemJge. 
makmg 84,2% of his anempts. 
Matt Jaeger 

Six-fool. three-inch senior from 
JIIinois ... lransfer from San Diego Ciry 
College. where he Flayed both fomball 
and basketball ... wil see playing lime .It 
the forward position, 
Greg Kamansky 

One of three freshmen on the 
team ... made several All-Tournament 
ledms .IS wing guard at Arc,ldl ,I .. AlI -
League .md AlI-Area .. .Iong range gunner. 
John Kilty 

SiX-fOOl. five-inch sophomore 
forward ... one of seven returning 
leuermen on the Tritons ... All -League as J 
junior and senior at Burlingham High 
School in Hillsborough. CA .. ,WIII play 
behind Flint in the shooting forward 
spot, 
Don McCullough 

Senior forwdrd1rom VISta , CA .. in his 
second season as d Triton ... transfer from 
P;.lomar where he was Most Improved 
Player .IS a freshman ,md Scholar Athlete 

of Ihe Year as a sophomore ... tough on 
the bodl'ds ... will be d sirong forward . 
Brandon Nixon 

Tmnsfer from Sco[(sdale Com mun ity 
College rn Anzona ... played In aU 26 
games in 1982-B3 ... b.lck"d up gradu"ued 
NAIA AIl-AmeriCdtl Bobby Goodman last 
season .IS a sophomore ... wllI stan at the 
off gU.lrd poslllon ... Defensive MVP <It 
Sconsddle ... 5,0 ppg and 2,1 JSSIStS per 
game last season. 
Jeff Ochroch 

Six-foot. two-inch senior from 
Philadelphia .. will see pl.lying time .It o.ff 
guard posiuon ... redshirt in 1982-83 ... one 
of five seniors on the team .. . was AlI-
Conference at Palm Beach Atlantic 
College in 1981. 
Paul Rasmussen 

Junior tmnsfer from Pierce Junior 
College ... played in 23 games last 
sei\son ... 2.8 ppg and 3.0 rpg in 1982-
83 .. .intense performer .. ,solid defenSive 
pl.lyer. 
Tom Sherman 

Freshman from Torrey Pines High ... a 
walk-on who is eager to play .. , looking 
Illr SpOt mrnutes .u guard 
pllsition .. ,possible redshin. 
Nick Novotny 

Freshm.m redshin ... played for 
Marsh'lll ,l[ EI Cajon High in 1979-
8O",pl,lyed center in high schooL ,will be 
moved III 101W.lrd SpOt for Tritons, 
Stefano Paoletti 

Junior redshirt from 1[,lly .. . lhree years 
of eligibility rem,lining."looking for .1 
role wuh the Tritons this year. 

In 1,lst week's S~)(tlllg Nt'ws college 
b,lskclb,11l prcview. no mention of the 
Tmons was maul' , And even' though the 
NAIA tournament in Kansas City IS a 
long wayan, this year's Triton squad 
will not be denied ,I celebration at 
seson 's end due to lack of experience or 
enthusi,lsm , 

Introduction Spacial 
for 

Men and Wornen 
ALAIN 

European Concepts In 
Hair Design 

$10 Off 
On Haircuts and Perms 

Alfonso's Hair Studlos ___ 298-5658 
1400 Camino De La Reina. Ste 109 Plaza Del Rio in MIssion Valley 



r----------------------, 

----------------------------------------~ 
Religious Functions 
MONDAY 
SIOO pm - catholic Mass. Sponsored ~ the 
Catholic Community at UCSO Mondi!I'J- • 
F~. In the lkliversity Lutherarl Church. 
7.IS pm - campus Crusade for Christ 
"~ Break". Join us each Monday for a 
gre.- time of fellowship. singing. and Bible 
~ in the book of Romans. ~freshments 
provided - Come early. In the 
Administration Complex III-A. 
7 .. pm - BlbIe Stu~. Sponsored ~ the 
catholic Student Coordinators. In Pl 2322. 
lUESDAY 
SlOG .... - catholic mas. Sponsored ~ the 
Catholic Community ill UCSD.At the 
lkliversity Lutheran du'tn. -
Church. 
THUlSDAY 
10100 _ - ~ng 0i!f'J Uturgy. 

------------------, I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
r------------------~ 

Sponsored ~ the catholic Corrrnunity at 
UCSO. In the lkliversity Lutheran Church. 
SUNDAY 
, ..... - Catholic Mass. Sponsored ~the 
Catholic Community at UCSO. In the 
lkliverslty Lutheran Church Chapel. 
10aOO ... - Lutheran Bible St~ led ~ 
Pastor John Huber. In the Lounge of the 
lkliversity Lutheran Church. 
lOaOO ... - Film. Part III. "The Lion. the 
IKI1tch and the Wardrobe."ln the fellowship 

~. lk1iYe'sity Lutheran Church. 
I laOO ... 7aOO pm - Lutherarl Worsnp. 
The Advent wre~ will be lighted All are 
wrIcome. In the Chapel of the I.k'liYerslty 
Lutheran Church. 
SIOO ..... - catholic Mass. Sponsored~the 
Catholic community at UCSD.ln the 
liliversity Lutheran Church. 

I 
I 
I 
I ' 
I 
I 
I 
I I 
I I l ____________ J 

r------------l 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
r------------------~ I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

-----------------------

1------------------------------------------------------~ 
. I 

The Weekly Calendar· I . I I I I 
I 
I 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I ______________________________________________________ -----------------______ 1 

--------------------, ----------------------------------------, I I 
Organizational 
Meetings 

: : ServlcesjWorkshops 
I I 

MONDAY 
4:00 pm - Pre-Dental Club Meeting eve!}' 
Monday. In the Revelle Informal. 
':00 pm - UCSD Coed cycling team 
meeting for all team members and anyone 
else interested. Be therel ln HSS 1138. 
TUESDAY 

I I 
I I 
I I 
I : 
: I L ______________ .J 

S:JO pm - Israel Action Committee-ThiS r--------------., 
vveek's topK - The camp DaVid Accords - I 
Israeli Egyptian Peace. In the Revelle Formal I 
Lounge. I 

I FRIDAY I 
I 6:J0 pm - Sorry. fans. I was spaced out last I 
I week. Come and Join our Spaced Out Club. I 
I All Fridays at 6:30 pm inAPM 210l/APM 2113. I 
I We are the loosest around. Come and be I 
I with us. I 
I I 
,---------------______ 1 

r--------------------, 
Other 
MONDAY 
,:00 pm - ReqUll:'m' BerlIOZ With the La 
Jolla ClVlc/Umverslty Symphony directed by 
Thomas Nee & Chorus, David Chase director. 
In MA. 
WEDNESDAY 
9:00 _J:OO pm - For a different cultural 
perspective, try Washington. D.C. Our Spring 
and Summer Internships program offers a 
variety 01 opportunities In the arts. The 
Manhattan Theater Club, New York 
Costume Collection and NatIOnal Museum 01 
Art are but a few examples. For more 
information about these and other NatIOnal 
Internships. stop ~ the ASlO. In the Student 
Center above the game room or call 452-
4689. . 
SATURDAY 
h»ZaJO pm - Ocean Film Series. 
" Plankton: Life 01 the Sea" and "Sea Otters: 
From the Edge of Extinction." ---------------~ 

MONDAY 
~IIH pm - "The Day Arter" -
Counseling & Psychological Services 
sponsors an open discussion on 1rTl>'ications 
of this film for you. your loved ones. and 
humankind. Led ~ Usa Hirschfnan. Revelle 
Intormal lounge. 

TUISDAY 
~I aOO pm - Do you want to know 
roore about sexuality and birth control? If so, 
attend the birth control intormation session 
on either Tuesdi!f'J or Wed1esday. Both male 
and female students are welcome. Session IS 
strongly suggested for Women's Clinc 
patients and their partners. Lecurette and 
discussion format. In the Student Health 
Services. upstairs lounge. 
J:OO-S:OO pm - Campus Black Forum-
This is an informal discussion group centered 
on issues, concerns and the quality of life of 
!he Black community at UCSD. It IS an open, 
ongoing group. and students can join any 
time. Phil Raphael and Rochelle Bastien. 
Counselmg and PsychologICal ServICes, 
faCIlitators. Meets in the Mt. View Lounge of 
the Third College Apts. Students who would 
like more Info can call either Phil at 452-3035 
or Rochelle at 452-3755; otherwise they can 
just show up at the meetings. 

6:J~9:JO pm - Gingerbread House 
Workshop. Astonish your friends & family 
with thiS always popular holiday treat - the 
gingerbread house step-by-step InstructIOn 
on how to construct and decorte your 
"home" will be gM!r'l and a reope packet INill 
be prOVided. S9 tor students and rec. card 
holders. S3 for others. 
WEDNESDAY 
11.10100 .. - Re-entry Students' 
Support Group - This group IS deslgned for 
re-ent!}' men and women undergraduate 
students to I'laI.1> the opportunity to share 
concerns related to their transitIOn into the 
academic vvorld. The group prOVIdes a wi!I'J to 
make contact with other older students in a 
caring enVironment,J.ed ~ Minam Iosupovicl 
and Chris Osterloh ,~ts at HL 1003. 
Students should call Beeca at 452-3755. 
JIOHIJO pm - Alcohol and Substance 
Abuse Support Group - For students who 
want help In dealing With an alcohol or drug 
use problem. Emphasis will be on 
understanding the complexity of the 
problem, Identifying optJOns. making a 
commitment to change. and following 
through. Homework aSsignments and group 
norms Will be established as part of the 
group's and IndMdual's program. Before 

joining the group. interested students are 
asked to call Beeca at 452-3755 to make a 
short appointment with one of our 
counselors to see If the group will mf!C!t your 
needs. Led ~ Dan Munoz of Counseling and 
Psychological Services. Meets at the ~Ie 
PrO\lOSt's office. 
ntURSDAY 
Z .. JIOO pm - Recovering From Eating 
Disorders IRED Group III This group IS 
designed for students who hiJI.te alreacly 
II\IOrked on eating disorders and are currently 
in the process of giving up the serIOUs eating 
problems. We will torus on other areas of 
IMng while offering support through this 
transitional time. The group will also learn 
peer counseling techniques so that they Carl 
help others in the future. 8ev Harju and Bob 
Barrl!tt. facilitators. The group can be women 
only. or. men and women. depending upon 
the Interest. The leaders would like to talk to 
prospective members at a short 
appointment. to determine if the group is 
appropriate. Call Bell or Bob at 452-3987 to 
sign up. Meets at Warrerl College Provost's 
office. weekly throughout the quarter. 
FRIDAY 
9100-1 1100 ... - Warren College Problem 
Solving CliniC - ThIs time Will be used for 
students who Wish to call ahead or stop by 
for a 15-20 minute problem-solvlflg sessIOn. 
In this brief meeting we will focus on solving 
a current issue which ~n be anything from 
improving concentration or relaxation, 
lowering stress. making a decision, sorting 
out feelings. roommate hasse/s, etc. Student 
contacts are private and confidential. The 
time will sfi!I'J available as long as there is a 
need or use for it. So. drop ~. Offered ~ 8ev 
HarJU, Ph.D .• CounselJOg and PsychologIcal 
Sel\llces. SeIVing Warren College Students. 
302 Warren campus. 452-3987. 
11101 ... 1100 .... - ~ Comections 
Workshop - lifestyle management and 
stress reductlOl'1 through light aerobic 
exercise. nutritional analySIs. " weight 
ma"uenance. relaxation and Seit-hypno!>IS 
will be the focus ot this group. By pr actidng 
healthful habits together. students can 
develop a comfort with their body image. 
their weght. their IeIIeI of stress and develop 
a reasonably holistic lifestyle. Led ~ 8ev 
Harju. Counseling and Psychological Services 
and DaI)f1n Profitt. Health Educator. Student 
Health Services. Meets at upper lounge. 
Student Health ServIces. At the first meeting a 
senes of pre-tests will be admlrllstered; at the 
second the testing Will be fintShed and the 
group Will begin. 

----------------------------------------------------------------------------

----------------------------------------, ~--------------------------, 
Recreation : 
MONDAY 
7100 pm - Praying Muntis Kung Fu club 
welcomes all who are interested in learning 
this martial art or tho~ who are simply 
curious. Drop ~ and find out what thiS club 
is about. In the West Baicor¥. 
, .. pm - The Juggling Club inMtes you 
to drop ~ and learn to juggle balls. clubbs. or 
whatNel'. Be the hit ot the party. Drop ~ the 
juggling Club. In the west Balcony. 
nMSDAY 
Noon - Come to the First Annual Ice 
Cream Grve-Awi!I'J on Tuesdi!f'J Nov. 22 at 
12:00 in the Revelle Plaza. Sponsored ~ the 
Zebes. Frf!C!. 
6100 ..... - The UCSO A!pBand ~ more 
trombones. clarinets. baritones or just arry 
musician interested in pliil'Jing. Will p/i!I'J at 
upcoming bask!!tball games arld special 

~ts. Drop ~ for some fun. Mandeville 125. 

... pm - Outing Club meets to discuss 
L4Xomlng trips and activities. All outdoor 
lovers are welcome to attend. In the Rec. 
Cont. Rm. 
7100 pm - AOlnagl Karate Club meets 
regularly lor supev;sed workouts. Persons of 
all levels welcome to attend. In the wrestling 
room. 
7100 pm - Women's Soccer Club is 
praaidng regularly and now has a coach. 
N"ty INOfT1ar'I interested in playing soccer lor 
fun and cO"lJC!lition should drop ~. All skill 
Ievets welcome. On the Muir Field. 
, .. pm - Shaolln Kung Fu Club is 
growing. Become a part of this interesting 
and dynamic art. Persons of all lellels 
wrIcome. In the West Balcony. 
MDNISDAY 
7100 pm - Chess Club p,,¥ng off. At:xNe 
the Student lounge. 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 1 ______ ---

r---------I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 

\ 

.. . 

• • • 

• • .. • JJ;;.). 
• -- ~ ~ I : 
----------------------------------------~ ------------, r----------- J 

----------------------------------------, 
Academic Services 
MONDAY-flllllMY 
...... 'dO .... - OASIS Writing Center 
oIIIers free service for all UCSD students who 
need pre-'tMIting~. conferences on drafts. 
and edtlng acMcr. We engage arTi kind of 
writing and arry kind of writing prob/MI. 
COl *' et ICrS are by appoinUnent only. 

~ng appoinIments 1ft rDNaIsoavailable 
in OASIS ThirdPlac:e. ThIrd College. fForthe 
fuD range of seMcrs see back c:A Fall 
ScheclJIe.' Call 452-2284 or come by USB 
4010 to make an appointment This service Is 
available throughout the quarter. 
........... pm - PAL Conferences -
Don't spend more time sttJCtting than 
necessayI Sche<1.Ile a one-to-one PAL 
(personal assistance for Ieamlngl conterence 
to streamline your studying. The conte:erICes 
INiIl deal with your course materials cornms 
indudng reading COJ1llrehension. memo!}' 
contro.. lecture notetaking. and test 
prl!po1f'ation. as well as how to overcome 
procrastination. Sponsored ~ the OASIS 
Reading and St~ Skills Center. In USB 4010. 
9110 .. '100 pili - GRAMMAR MOSES 
HOruNE - A grammar hotline ~in 
seNice for help with diction. grammar and 
punctuation problems. To reach Grammar 
Moses. call 452-2284. Sponsored by OASIS 
Writing Center. ~ available througlout 
the quarter. 
MONDAY 
......... z.- pili - S/G/. System of 
Interactille Guidance and Information is a 
computer-based program of career 
information designed to help you clarify your 
values and occup.-Ional interests. For more 
information. come to carf!C!r Planning & 

Placement Monday thrCJt41 Wednesday. In 
HL 1058 . 
I .. '100 pm - Drop-In Hours. For quick 
questions pertaining to career plaming. job 
hunting. resume crltiqueing. !!tc. For more 
indIIIiclJai attention s/gn-up or call 4 52-3750 
for an appointment INIth arl acMsor. In HL 
1058 Monday ttroug'I \XIedneday. 
1 .... "100 _ - The Language 
Progrown 1..-1 I & " - This OASIS program 
focuses on the thinking skills you need to 
sua:essfully handle the reading and writing 
tasks assigned in your courses. It Is designed 
for those who want to perfect their English 
language skills. lP classes are raught ~ 
reading and writing specialists and bilingual 
MOl'S. LP is presented ~ the OASIS Writing 
Center the OASIS ~ Center. In 40608. 
NDoIt-'1OO pm -Intel Corporation will be 
here on campus to rjvf! a presentation about 
the'lr ~ and potential opening as a 
Technical Sales Engineer. In the ~Ie 
FormalLDunge. 
1 .. 2aOO pm - The Cultural Issues 
Discussion Hour is an informal exchange in 
IMlIct1 a wide range of interdisdplina!}' teprcs 
drawn from different cultural contexts will be 
examined and discussed. Concepts and 
terminblogy in modern artistic and 
ptlIlosopt1icaI trends will be discussed and . 
clarified. Sponsored ~ the OASIS language 
Progam. In USB 4070. 
, ..... pm - Mock Interviellll. Seeing 
and hearing yourself on videotape can help 
put the finishing touches on interview skills. 
Prerequisite: IntC!lViewing Skills Workshop. 
Call career Planning & PIacernet It at 452-
3750 to make an appointment. In HL 1058. 

---~ 

n.aDAY 
JrJO ..... - Energy Center SemInar. Dr. 
G.W. Harlnanman. NUS Corporation. 
"Probabilistic Risk Analy5is of N~ar Energy 
and Other Energy Systems" . • n UH 7104. 
... ..... - Israel Action Committf!C! -
Me!!ting. this Wf!C!k's topic: The camp David 
Accords Peace tJetween Israel and Egypt. In 
the ~Ie Formal Lounge. 
6100 ..... - "The Space Sh.lttle: State of the 
Art In Structural Ana~s" lNill be given ~ Mr. 
James .Jenness an engineer & consultant lor 
NASA and General Dynamics. In UH 2102. 
7130 ..... - Tele-link project involving 
Learning Institutions in the Soviet lklion and 
the lklited States. Free refreshments. In the 
International Center. 
SATURDAY 
I J»ZIH pm - Ocean Film Series. "Notso 
Solid Earth: Plate TectoniCS" - shows 
shifting of earth·s plates. and "San Andreas 
Fault" - shows califomia's earthquake 
prone areas and why. In the Scripps 
Aquarium-Museum. 

------------------------------~------~ 

r-------------------------
Crossword Answers 

...... 7100 ..... - GRE Prep Course - This 
prep course for the Gracluate ~rd Exam 
provides a complete practice exam for the 
aptitude test. as well as strategies for scoring 
well on the verbal. analytical reasoning. and 
math sections. Information about applying to 
and getting accepted ~ graduate Schools. 
plus stress reduction tedYliques will also be 
presented. Sponsored ~ the OASIS Center 
and Career PIarlning & Placement. In PlIIIO. 

1UaDAY 
Noon-laOO pm - The French Workshop is 
a new feature of the OASIS language 
Program. It is designed mainly for students 
who ale writing papers or other class 
assignments in French. Students not working 
on specific papers. but who would like to 
perfect thetr writing ability In French. are also 
welcome. The Workshop will otter a unique 
opportunity for students to edit their own 
papers. and seek constructJVe critiCism from 
thetr peers. It will also provide clairificatlOl'1 01 
grammar. mechanics. and sentence and 
paragraph structure. Pre-writing discussions. 
lMlen necessay, will be concIucted m 
French. Students mi!I'J attend on regular or 
occasional basis according to their needs. 
Sponsored ~ OASIS Language Program. In 
USB 4070. 

workshop. Sponsored ~ OASIS Language 
Program. In USS·402OB. 
2'- 'aOO pm - Finals Prep - Bring your 
course materials and get organized for tinalsl 
You'II learn how to apply the successful 
SCORE system. predict test questions. and 
review for total preparation in arry course. 
Sponsored ~ the OASIS Reading & Stu~ 
Skills Center. In the Conf. Rm. Bldg. B, 
Student Center. 
WEDNIIDAY 
10100-1 laOO_ - The~guageProgram 
Levell & 1/ - This OASIS program toruses on 
the thinking skills you need to successfully 
harldle the reading and writing tasks 
assigned in your courses. It is designed for 
those who want to ~ their English 
language skills. IF classes are taught ~ 
reading and writing specialists and bilingual 
tutors. lP is presented ~ the OASIS Writing 
Center and the OASIS Reading Center. In 
40608. 

------------------------~ 

2 .. JIOO pili - The GM (Grammar & 
MectlanIcsl Workshop IS deSJgOed tor 
students who IMJUld like to work on 
clarifying basic grammatical concepts and 
categories. and applying them in an 
extensive. systematic series of practical 
exercises. An exercise manual to be 
purchased ~ the student will be used. All 
II\IOrk will be completed in the context of the 

11:00 .. noon - The Spanish Workshop 
IS a new feature of the OASIS language 
Program. It is designed mainly for students 
IIIIho are writing papers or other class 
assignments in Spanish. Students not 
II\IOrking on specific papers. but who would 
like to perfect their writing ability In Spanish. 
are also welcome. The Workshop will offer a 
unique opportunity for students to edit their 
own papers. and seek constructive critiCism 
from thetr peers. It Will also provide 
clarification or grammar. mecharlics. and 
sentence and paragraph structure. Pre-
writing Spanish. Students may attend on 
regular or occasional basis. according to their 
needs. Sponsored ~ the OASIS Language 
Program. In USB 4070. L ________________________________________ _ 



ANNOUNCEMENTS 
"Tft: SPACE St-UTIlf State of the Art In Structural Anolysls" WIll 
be gwen bV NASA eroi~ Jim Jenness at the ~ meellng 
01 the Mach Eng Ctub Joon us on Tues. NOlI 22 al4 pm In UH 
2102 ( 11/ 21) 
This yeor gllle more than thanks. DonaIe at the 8IoodmobUe 
Wed. NOlI 23 lD-3 aI DaAnza Hall. Waren Corr(lus. Thanks 
for gMng (11/21) 
fnt Annuot Ice Cream GiII&AWOVI Tuesdov NOlI. 22 aI Noon 
In Revelle Plaza Sponsored bV the ZEBES (11/21) 
DIVE Son DoegoI5-dov SCUBA diving cettoficote 00UI18. Dec 
12-16 InfolSlgn-~ aI UCSD ~ oIfioe (gym). (12/1) 
GIVe IheGlft 01 LWe the da{ before ThonIugivlng - Wed. NOlI 
23 at the Bioodmobtle DeAnza HoM. Warren Campus. 10-3 
om ( 11/21) 

WANTED 
NeNous? Ph 0 psyct\OlOgy student seeks anxl8ly suIfefer 
loQIunteers to test new self-help technIQues Involving 
sublimtnal stlmulotoon No cost Coli Su!On Bouchard. 488-
1535 (11/28) 
Wonted part I.me housel<eeper Irve-In. ~ee turn 1m. bd. & sol 
Iellable 273-5458 (1 1/ 28) 
TElfPHONE INTERVIEWERS NO SALES flEXIBLE DAYTIME 
HOURS S4/hl JEAN OR JOVCE CIC RESEARCH. INC 296-8844 
( 12/2) 
Silt., needed 12-5 pm 2 da{s weekly Del Mar 481 -7421 
(11/21 ) 
Colernon or Camping Lantern W.N po'( S10 rna)t 942-9025 
(12/2) 
Mole Models wonted Prefer colieglOle/So Col surfer types 
but consoder all Port/tulHlme pos$Ibohil95 Excellent wages. 
AbSOlutely no fees nor COmmtS$lOl'lS cha'ged No obIrgohon. 
no expenence necessary Sana sample phofoVbOckground 
",to for !too InteMeW InlerPhotO. Box 2893 La Jolla. CA 92038 
(11/21 ) 

2 Fema'e Roomotes Wonted lor Solano Beach Condo 
S2001 month Above ocean. tennIS )OCCUZt elc 755-6256 
(11/28) 
Mole loorrmote duple. 10 sec flom beach .n Del Mar 
S200/month plus 1/3 electriCity Everything else .ncluded As!< 
lor led 01 noghl 755-6773 ( 11 / 28) 

FOR SALE 
BICYcle tla''''ng ,oilers Almost rew excellenl cond.,.on S70 
Ca'l Enk at 4574238 (1 1/28) 
19i4 DATSUN 610 good rehable lTansportatlOl'l $875 coll45Q-
1633 (12/2) 
Irwersoon Boots (wllh bar) '" excellerll cond,t,on - S60 COli 
Cory 455·1875 (11/21) 
VW BUS - Very ,e/roote - good runn'ng cond,lron w/ rabu,1I 
engine needS paml 51 400 436·4694 (12/1) 

SERVICES 
Need a tyPIst? Reasonable. Speed'1 Accu,ate Call Kathie 
576-1277 anyr,me Guaranleed SeMce (12/1) 
UNWANTED HAIR REMOVED Pt:RMANENTL v nea, campUs lo • 
Jolla Prolessronol Cenler. 8950 V,lIa La Jolla Dr Su,te 116Q-C 
Call tor appt 453·7()40 (6/7) 
Iyprng $1 per poge D,scountl Ava,lable 01 K,nko s Copres 
(Lo Jolla V'lIage Squore) or coM 279·3243 (12/1) 
SlorWords TYPIng & Word Ptocessrng 9580 BtockMln Rd Sle 
G Sludenl papers lhesls 578·4041 (11/28) 
TYPING' RUSH JOIlS' le,m paps rosumes. theses transcroptron 

nller 274·5005 (12/1) 
heeptronal tyPing - 0'1 kinds Super IBM III Cor,ecloons 

~po Irng nearby Fasl seNlce 4501138 (12/1) 

Term papers - th_ - d,ssertcllrons Low rates. fast servICe 
f>to.lype 454-6860 lo JoIIo (6{7) 
Fast . experienced typist Student & prof papers 
C~ltion/ed't.ng Near campUs 450-0732 eve Helen 
( 12/ 1) 
TYPING - Faculty/Students Qualrty'M:)l\( Reasonable rOles 
Topes also Sondv. 459·5818 (12/1) 
Typtng/cOrT'pUtetized word processing Term papers. report~ 
resumes Fast. I905OI1ObIe rates. 481-0268. (11/28) 
fast accurate. high quoIrty. same day $8lVloe for' under 15 
pages work. Nea UCSO Call Fery at lei 452-1393. (12/1) 
Typing services fOl student/faculty. theses, manuscrlpt~ 
books - 10 VIS OIIP. Coli Robin. 571-6982. (1/12) 
TYPIng Term ~ Rerrorts. Mi~ Correc1ed. 95¢ pg. IBM 
SeIectnc. Call Bee 753·7356 PIeoIeSO\l8 ad. (11/21) 
Do vou need monev for scIloot? We con locale schoklMlp, 
fellowship. gront & loon SOU'oes thai vou quoIlfV lot ttvough 
our cClfl"PUter seam for nnore InIormalion contact 
International Scholarship Services. 1809 Lorna 51 . Santa 
Borbora. CA 93103 Ph. (805)569-0589 (12/1) 
I TYPE ,AND EDIT for SI 50 per page fast and accurate Call 
Mrs. Kaplan. 224-0329. 8 am-8 pm (1/9) 
TYPING - Reports. 1'-. .tc Accurate, fost. reasonable N 
County/Escondido oreo. Sharon 743-1573. (1/9) 
TYPIST - fost. Met,culous Some ed,t ,net Prof/student 
papers Sl40/ pg Pot. ~wknd 270-8579 ( 11/21) 
Bl.fIce Secretarial 1 ry our Iyptng' Rush jobs specialty - neuble 
hOurs La Jolla 455-0310 day. 45'-3842 !MI. (12/2) 
TYPING 95e QUAlflY, RELIABlE IBM Typewnter 1~ Off on 
lorge orders 459-7652 (11/21) 

MAMMOTH MOUNTAIN SKI TRIP Jon 1-6 Sl65 Son felipe. 
MexICO Dec 9- 11 SI05 GetAWOV·Tours275·303Ox370 ( 12/1 ) 
OIi£RSEAS JOSS - Surrmer/Y80r round El6ope. S AmIIf 
ALIslToha, AsIa All fields S5OO-S1200 monthlV SIghtseerng 
Free Info Write UC. Boo 52-CA19 Corona Del Mar. CA 92625 
(1/12) 
Sk, Vocatron C0nda5O\oQ1IDec 10-17.Snowbord Utah G!eot 
snowt Walk to hfts Of shUrtle to Alto Sleeps <I &. K~chen 
C>.Jtdoor poOl. Reg $795, WIll rent forS360 Coli (805) 683-1241 
or 688-9721 (1 1/ 28) 

PERSONALS 
JI'D 'La rnarQ.Je d.st,nctIVe de 10 sogesse. c 'est une 
rerOU'$SOI1Ce constanle:' Ion elat nalure! OSI, comme las 
chose ou~sus de 10 June - IOUjOU(S serein Et pour co 
JeI'alnle JEE (11/21) 
John -I've been hOI.,~ 0 wonderful Irme - life was gett'ng 
bor,ngfor me. too llooktorword to seetng you. 11 om (11/21) 
Hey sexy! GM3 blood over 01 the Worren College DeAnzo Han 
Wed NOlI 23. 10-3 (11/21) 
Happy 21 st b.rthday to the hOmr&51 t;IJV ot UCSD - David "1 
1000e hl"e g,ns" Haddad - DAD - W,shlng you lhe best (and 
the youngest). The Brolhers a Phi Della lheto ( 11/21) 
To lhe DeAnza Domes and the DeAnzo Dukes Hove a great 
ThankSOMng YFRA (11/21) 
10mmy 10mmy. Tommy - you know whO lOves you Let sploy 
( but Id lO(e to know the rules IrlSt ) XXX&OOO - c. ( 11/ 21 ) 

, Vod Jon 7-1<1 5 doys-nrghIS. lodging. loft t.ckets. o il 
,nctuded 5290 Doug 287-3400 (12/1) 

LOST Be FOUND 

lOSI between Golatheo Resrdonce Hall ond lhe Sc,ence 
Bu,ld'ng belween 6 30-10 pm white gold prerced wedd'ng 
bond Reword Coli Jean Forsy1he 01 452·2320 or Morron 
Jones ( 11/21) 
lost 2y, mole GOlden Retrreller (Cloy Munk) by lOTS Beach 
He s a Sundown Surfer Bum. was nrcl losl ot lime Just SUd,ngl. 
We need h.m at hamo' REWARD' 5100 P1eose call <153 -2452 
Ed'e Mu (12/1) 
Found Blue women s poor a runnlntg shorts In balhroom next 
10 Boo-med lob Call Gino 12241876 toela,m (12/1) 
Wong Non "on lost lhepossport a No 115195 Issued bVlhe 
People s R"PUbhc oJ Chino on Sept 28 1 83 lhos POSspOOlS 
Invalrd Ittound please return to molh copl of UCSD ( 12/1) 

LlJOLLI 
cu'rrm 
CDIJUT 

PRECISION 
HAIRCUTS 

for men & women 
With 'his coupon only . 

Offer expires 12/ 15/83. 

737 Pearl 456-1] 70 
La Jolla 456-1815 

-----------------j--------$10 PRECISION: PERM $29.50 HAIRCUT I Long H alf Exlrd . 1--- ------- ----- ------
for men & women 1 
Shdmpoo. condit lon, (U l . 

IBII)wdr~ II<" "1"lIcit'd I 
1 
1 MANICURE $5 

Crossword answers on page 23 

ACROSS 
I . IrnprisonlOg soup n,",onng , . A1tern,lle source 
01 I11lner,tls 7. LII)'.colorcu ones get 
(,hoppcd 12. '>ubstllutc 10 the Arm)' lor l'OmplCtl' 
1116 13. Thc Irull 01 .I ""III bu,lt str,lIght 15. 
Whl"C \'Ctcr,In~ n'lIgh' go tn solvc .Ikohol problcm 
un5(lIwu by lollo\\mg due l,lbbr) 16. Solvcs 
,llwhol problem onc stcp hclorc onc JOinS rhc 
AAA 17. I'nrl.c ,Ig.lln , onc 's WIll III e,lI I,L,tC,I 
mO\lng d"hl'S lln Ihe I\round l,lbbr) 19. MJsler 
01 hl"hound~ l,lbIlr ) 21. Mcwl III pr .. 'M'I'\'C lood 
"' 23. M.IO 01 ,I country P,I,I ,I hre,ld lor 
,I.lrch 28. t. 'pl,)drng dnnk 30. Fr,'nch I,xxl 
(h,)r>c,l. Lnglt"h n.llne lpl ,Ihor) 3 1. ""pped In 
dnnl.. lor lurnmg 111,1n III ,I mllU;,C 33. Vl'[cr.1n 
plum 3 ... ~Ic.11 egg' Imm Iml'S! .11 de.\(J <11 
nlghl 36. I:nd " I 1110nth (.Iohr ) Ir"l' c>o.rr.lnl'OU> 
llu,' 38. \·II.llnll' \\ hl,h dill" nm qUill' 
1,111 39. l\ccr InduLing llhl" ") .. 1. Dl'vourlng 
.11I,',II"n- " 2. e,'\l'S h.ld r.IIII'g [() u)<1l..lng 
UIC'h,l, .... . l)IIIl'l' ,)I,he prd.lle ,)1 
,·h"wl.lle " 6 . \\ .111 tx'hll1u "hcuull' -1,lIl' "7. 
Burn, till' lomJ ,,"h ,uhf') Mmg "9. Drink 111 
,,11.111 tjU.InUII,·, 52. Wh,II ,,,II It\lng pig, do on 
Ihclf icCI 53 "1I1.IlI l,.r .Ihhn:\ 1.lIed l "h,.,.1 ("I 
ll,nklllg) 55. ,\n ,'\\:1 1\\ ILL' In ,'nl' 'p.I"· 56. 
,\Irim, lIllk- In, L h.lrI,·,I,m (.lIrilill'S h,ll'Ing 1e."1 "I 
.II1I'lhll1g I" tI,. \\ IIh I""dl 58. Lnple.h,lIl1 III 
\lIn,' . • lI1d .1 d.II,g"!'lIU, 'Uh'''IUIL' drug \ \\.h hi' 
hllll1g rl'pl) l 60. 1.lIge 1)<1.11 Ix·.lrIng hr.llc, "I 
"u'Id, CUll)' 62. '>.1111." g.Irlknll1g "rdlT I" 
,·h l ', 63. 'x'\ <'r.11 "I ,I I) I'll' " I "n' hurnl In 
,l\,'n, 64. ("unll') humpl..II' gnl\\"r " I r"d .md 
,u"uknt ,I"I11I11.:d pl.II1t 66. '\·In.: \\ hi' h " 
" 'Iug" 1"'"1 Ih,' ""rll1 68 . ( h,.k,' ,l\T' .1 
1"1..,· 70. \ I,'knt ,.Ip \\,lIn h) IHlh ll' lHury 
kllLill'n d,1I1)"'''", 72 Inddlnll,' .II11dl· "I 
\ 11 .111111" 73. 1', "'"', l·."tI) III IT1 ,'\'l'n Ih,;ugh 
1\\,,1,,1.1 74 Ik l,dl'l' ,,1.1 gl.I" 76. \1.d,,' r "I h.ld 
I""d \n.III"n.IIII ) ".uhrt'luell. iI.und .lIld Iu: ~}' III 
P,II" 78 \1 .hl,·' ,.1 ,,'(l'l1h >nIL', \.Ihol I. \\ Ill, h 
tI,' l1ll' Ih.II 111\ elm" .Ire IIhl h.lld 79. 1,::\ 
ItqUld III ,,",I.."' ''' 80. (,r,"Ip "I prlllllllH" gl"'11 
lil 1"<lUll l1g 

DOWN 
I. Tiny t:lx:kt.111 2. De"crI 01 the SII'I.'CIS 3. 
B"nc. nut ,11 ;,IllCk l • ..,br or n,)!) 4. Cnrnp.\OIon 
nl Hon,)\Jr n,lthlng ". do ",IIh t.IrIS l.lhbr) 5. 
!',bhlr.llI), ,>1<1 (lOmr.lllllm) 6. EXIr.Il.rdln.lf')· ,IOU 
m)'~lel'lou~ .lknh,,1 8 . Dnnk .ent dlrct.tl), 10 Ih,' 
\,CIO, l.lbor) 9. \ ',Ilu,' .Idded t.1A tnr Llrgc 
l.!1nt.llner ,.1 Irquld 10. Kllt.hl'n .Ipph,mCic ,me IS 
.11 h')1111: on II. Ix: IInpuJcm "' .1 Ir.ls (no. 
Vlrgml.I II dol" nn' m.lkl' ~ensd .... 
Ahhrnl,lIl'd IIem Inund m Crest I,'"lhp.bh· 18. 
QU.IIII> "I de",,'n, purlh,ISl'l.l h) Wl·Jlthr 20 . 
Wher,· "'1l.1.I p"ps . • Iknh"l 11'111 _ 22. X" 'lI'l 
Itr,' (tI" n,)[ 1",,1.. I"r .1 pun I dId n,lI ) 2 ... 
Org.lI1 lz,I",II' ", "'"l' .IOu", "I Ihe dll\""""" ,y,[em 
.lI1d nlhcr Ihlng, 25. I"' rlorm, \ ,,)kmc .lg.III1,I 
1l,'a,·.IIn cnne 26. :\1.,,1<.1 (,Ihh, l. h.lk,'d "r 
nnl 27. IllIgll1.IIIL ,lI1ll1l.1l, \\ h" gl\l' Ihl' lr il-l'I Inr 
jl' lI) 29. Ilch)IL' "',,II,d r.m "I U)lI1pound 32 
!'!'l'n,'UIl "I h.llltng \.lh, .I), \I IIh ,d.lll1e 
pn'n,)un l 35. Of lhe muuth lbut not rl al} 
37. Squlsh.lhles, III wgc'.Ihlc lorm grown m C.lIICS, 
,,>crH'd III ""'IIl' 39. I,. ,' l1d \\ h"k"1 
dC'''''l' l) 40 . Altern,,,'n r.:p."" .11 Ihl' ).;,,11 
",,",,' 42. l,h.III,)1l \\hllh ,mk," 43. l 1.1:1': .. 
,II Ihl' l'nd .,1 dlnnn "5. I hl' ,1'l\\,',1 ,'dlhk 
I,clgln 47 l3ull1 hl,',ld 111 r,·..,p':" +S, I"h),o 
,llll'Ii,ng p.ILI...lg,·, 50. III 1i1l' '.1111" lillI' 
\.Ihh, 1 5 1. All "'Ir.II)rt"",II'I!) nil" ",.lIlgl' 
.... ·l'tl 5+. Ilh RIll ,II II'ghn,'" (.ll1hr I 57. 
Iku""d llul' hIli,' hl'l'\'~ Ill,.,,· 59. I hl' tillL' Ih.1I 
" 6 1 l)"k, I", dll,·, ''' II1 ,)1 4".1I, 
""l\l'llll' lll 63 ('"1lIlll,11Ix'I,,,,' tltlllk~ . . "Ihough 
11", ..,uhl'·u I" Pl" P" .11 hill 65. I. 'pl,Idll1g "hWli 
III"I.I"l'11 I,'r L1,'''''''' 67. On"lll " ,II, hl",h"p \ ,Ill 
.11,' 'll" l'\pL'lI"d "' 1..11,1\\ 69 . .-\'1Il'1I, .1I1 
Phtl,.iI'gl,.11 .-\""lI,III"11 \ .• hl1l 1 7 1. Illlhd,,!' "I 
,hl'IIl1,,,I"llgln"''flilK "hlLh ,II'l' d,ll" ""1 n"l'd 
I,ll u'oklllg 7+. R,'y.,1 ''''It''I) (.lhlll 1 "I 
1,"xl1 75. I Ill' d,'g'l'c ,)llh,' hdp 'II'" IWl'd, .tlI" 
.111 '" "Nltl"'d I h.lIII..-gl\ IIlg 77 I LI" 11,)1 I..n,'" 
\\ h) 111111 Ilin h", .111 .lhhR·' 1.lIh'l1 hUI hnl' " " 

ROBERTSVW 
914 . VW. BMW. AVDI Service 

German Car Specialists 
Allil'ork fu lly /fuarll uteed • Fac/my·traiucd Spetilliis/ 
Mon .. Fri. 8 am • 5:30 pm; Sat. 8 am - 5 pm 

(619) 4 54·7823 4630 Mission Bay Drive 
(619) 4 54·3705 (1-5 to Balboa Exit) 
(6 19) 2 7 5- 1132 San Diego, CA. 92109 
------------------T-----------------

UCSDSPECIAL l 100/0 OFF 
4 cyl Tune·Up $ 4 5 I on all other repairs 
6 cyl Tune-{ p $65 I (except for Motor and 
( vt valid witli allY other ('vupollj l TransmIssion Overhau l) 

Uf"th T'l~' C P I (,\(JII'II/II/II'I/II (/III (II/liT ((II/POll ) 
vv l filS OU on I l1'illl Tllis COIf/)OIl 

..... fY'tJ'IooI"Ioo'Io.~ ..... Of(er Ex pires November 30, 1983.N'W~-I'tN'W"~ 


