
~D:~ 
'~ " 

. . 

po Drugs and Acadelllics Mix? 
. . 

The University Says No - . 
See story on campus policy, page 7 



2 October 13, 1983 

A special committee of the University 
of California Regents has been 
appoinled to work with UC President 
David P. Gardner to develop a 
recommendation to the board for 
dealing with the problem of the 
inadequacy of faculty salaries. Also on 
the committee as ex officio members are 
Glenn Campben, Governor George 
Dt-ukmej ian , Gardner and Chair Yori 
Wada. Professor Ralph Turner. faculty 
representative on the board. is expected 
to play an active role in the 
deliberations. 0 date has yet been 
"etennined for the committee's first 
meeting. 

• 

Robert Scheer, the distinguished 
national correspondent for the Los 
Angeles Times and the founding editor of 
Ramparrs will be a Regent's lecturer at 
UCSD during the last week of October, 
delivering a series of three public 
lectures under the sponsorship of the 
Department of History. Entitled "The 
American Establishment and American 
Foreign Policy SlOce Yalta ," the series 
will begm the evening of Monday, Oct. 
24. and continue on Oct. 26 and 28. All 
lectures will be at 8 pm in TLH 104. 
AdmiSSIOn is free. 

• 

Queen Ida and the Bon Temps 
Zydeco Band will perfonn their unique 
blend of Creole, Cajun and black music 
in a concert at 8:30 pm. Sunday, OCl. 16 
in the Revelle CafeteriOl- Like many . 
American blues and jazz artists, Queen 
Ida is well known 10 Europe but IS Just 
being discovered in her own country. 
She is backed by a fiddle , triangle and 
guitar. characteristic of the two century 
old French Cajun tradition. Washboard. 
bass and drums add to the Afro-
American blues element. The tenn 
Zydeco is Udec to denote a snappy 
dance. For more information , contact 
the University Events OlTice, which is 
sponsoring the event. 

• 

Coro Foundation is seeking able and 
commined students interested in a 
career in publi c affairs for a fenows 
program which includes up to $7500 in 
stipends. Individuals with demonstrated 
leadership potential , intellecl, 
commitment to public affairs and a 
maturity of purpose will be reviewed by 
community leaders and public affairs 
profeSSionals. Forty-eight graduate 
fellows, drawn from a nallonal pool of 
applicants Will bc selected for the mne 
month program. Coro representauves 
will be at UCSD on Mond'IY. Oct. 17 at 

Deja Vu ... 
1969 ... 

Today IS Nanonal Vietnam 
Moratorium Day. Anti-war aCUVil ies will 
take place from 9 am 1111 5 pm. Spcakers 
will include Lawrence Ferlinghetll. Dr. 
Herbert Marcuse. Dr. Jerome Skol?n Ick 
and Dr. Paul Saltman. The past month 
has seen a notable upsurge in anti-war 
actiVity across the nation Today's events 
will be a good II1clicalion of how UCSD 
wil! relate to thiS aCllvllY I he speJkers 
will undoubtedly raise the followlI1g 
quesllons: Arc there [JOSslblliues lor a 
large-sc<1le anti-war movement on 
campus? Can UCSD students be of help 
to the Jnti -war movement 10 the Jllned 

the Career Planning and Placement 
Center. Contact CP&P for further 
information and interview 
appOintments. 

• 
The Founh Annual Solana Beach 

Fiesta del Sol will take place this 
weekend Sarurday and Sunday, Oct. 15 
and 16. The celebration will feature 
bands and a giam bonfire on the beach 
on Saturday. The ~s. Solana Beach 
beauty pageant will take place on 
Sunday. The Fiesta is a benefit for the 
non-profit organizations in the 
community, which wiD have booths set 
up on the Fiesta grounds to provide 
food and refreshments. The acrion wiD 
take place in the parking lot which 
overlooks the beach at the west end of 
Lomas Santa Fe Dr. 

• 
The Reuben H. Aeet Space Theatre. 

in conjunction with SDSU Extension, 
will present a SIX pan lecrure scries, 
beginning OCI. 18, entitled "Medicme 
2000: The series will examine today's 
medical and pharmeceutical technology 
and speculate on advancements likely to 
occur in the next twenty years. A college 
credit option is available for completion 
of the entire series. Lectures wiD be held 
each Tuesday evening at 7:15 pm, from 
Oct. 18 through Nov. 22. The public 
COst of the six part series is $30, and 
indiVidual sessions may be attended at a 
cost of $6. For registration tnformation. 
contact San Diego State Univesity 
Extension at 265-5152. 

• 
The Bayside Trail at Cabrillo Nallonal 

Monument follows an old Army road 
which in the past provided access to 
coastal defense instaUations. Today, the 
trail is one of the few remaining natural 
settings in the metropolitan San Diego 
area where plants and animals of the 
native costal chaparral can be seen. Park 
Ranger Roben Theriault will lead three 
walks along the trail , focusing on both 
natural and cultural hiStory of the area. 
The walks will be conducted on 
Saturday. Oct. 15, Sunday the 16th , and 
Sunday the 23rd, beginning at 9:)0 am. 
Reservations may be made by caning 
293-5450. 

• 
The Museum of Photographic Ans in 

Balboa Park is the recipient of a grant 
from the James S. Copely Foundation of 
San Diego. The $145.000. to be given to 
the Museum over a period of five years, 
IS granted to aid in the completion of 
museulTI construction. 

forces? What forms of protest are 
appropriate ill this time? 
1971 ... 

"Muir College was dcslgnmed <1S an 
tnstilUtion of higher learning for 1935. 
nm 1971 We clre )6 years heh md ." 
1 his wa s the m,UI1 thrust of Muir 
Provost John Stl'wan's addrcss to lhe 
m llrge's Colltl'mporal)' IS5ue5 Lhlss 1,lst 
Mond,I)' I1Igh!. te\\ an eX[Jhuned lh,\[ 
MUir is oUldated bCLall'iC 01 the b.lsic 
education tht'lll)' thc lllilege was hutlt 
on. All the clas~rll(lms. the whnle 
prllgr;11TI I'lr the c'llk-gr . were tll'signed 
elrOUntl the prcmlsc that the 'llll) \\" 1)' to 
leelCh ,In)' c1 ,l s~ W'I!> to grou[J SIlIdmt5 

AS Forum 
The lure of an unexpected $10 minion for the University has ignited the UCSD 

Student Lobby Annex into state political action. $10 miUion is the amount the 
Regents could receive if Ihe l:JCSD University House, overlooking Black's Beach, 
is sold. Lobby Annex Director Jeff Meyer tS urging Representativt BiU Craven to 
sponsor a state biU that would in effect recommend to the UC Regents that the 
whole $LO miUion be directed 10 the UCSD campus. Reponedly Chancellor 
Atkinson is strongly considering offering Ihe University House for sale because of 
the high maintenance costs and the sman living quaners that are cramped by the 
numerous receptions and business affairs the House constantly hosts .... 

According to Meyer. the bill would stipulale that pan of the $10 million would 
go to the construction of an on-campus UniverSity House, with the remaining 
money channeled toward a new Umversity Center. Meyer is confident the 
"money recovery" bill will induce Ihe UC Regents (who ultimatel)' control the 
revenues) to stay in accord with Ihe California Stale Legislature policies. "The UC 
Regents for the first lime are really seeking more money for the system. They 
would nOt want to rub the State Legislature the wrong way over this when the 
Regents need their vote for funding," said Meyer .... 

Led by Jeff Meyer, illooks like the UCSD Student Lobby Annex will finally have 
a significant Impact upon local as well as state issues in January. when the 
legislature reconvenes. In turn some polilical and economic clout may come to 
the formerly dormant and overlooked UCSD Lobby Annex. "I'm not sure If the 
Lobby Annex here has been underfunded, and thus ineffectual, or the other way 
around," said Meyer. "It's the chicken and the egg problem: Statistics do in fact 

reveal a gross underlunding in relalion to other UC campuses. UtSD's Lobby 
Annex is currently funded $100 a year. the lowest in the UC system. Davis for 
example, a school comparable in student enrollment to UCSD, budgets about 
$16,000 a year .... 

Currently, Meyer is seeking to put a referendum up for student vote in order to 
combat Ihe funding "crisis." He is seeking a direcl $3 fee, of which 52 would be 
allotted to the UC Lobby Annex in Sacramento while the olher 5 I would go to the 
UCSD Lobby Annex. Meyersef'S the $3 as an investment. "We figured out we have 
saved 5900 in fees for students. We're the only lobby to lobby for the UC student 
cause. The most effective way to keep costs down is to suppon our student lobby. 
It's a small price to pay." The 510 million "money recovery" bill is a case in point. 
The UC "Peace Package," that seeks to limit nuclear weapons construction and 
deployment and proposes an exchange of 100,000 students with the Soviet 
Union, also points to the important campaigns the lobby is involved in .... 

If the Lobby An!lex can in fact fulfill just some of the lofty proposed projects. 
the UC system and srudents will be more poIiticaUy potent and economicaDy 
better off, not 10 mention, of course, thaI UCSD could benefit from Ihe $10 
million .... 

Appearing on KSDT's news at noon program yesterday, AS Vice President 
Ellzaberh Woodworth evaded manyqueSlions about the proposed eliminalion of 
the Coors boycott. Miss Woodworth did state however, that the boycott would be 
Withdrawn soon .... 

facing one direction with the professor 
facmg them to deliver a lecture. Stewart 
InsIsted th;u even If slow in coming, 
change was pOSSible "If everyone will 
try and do three things, we will be able 
to bring thiS college somewhere Ilcar up 
to delte . find out how the UOIverSII)' . 
works. so you can ,lct wisely In moving 
to change. ec \\'h.1I you and your 
Inentls call tlo personally to improve 
the sltUiltion. Antl nnaUy. do everythmg 
you C<1n with what b here, there are 
really a lot of exciting things going on at 
thiS cilmpus." 

1975 ... 
UC'iD's I tlroltl U re)'. a proressor 

cmcmus III rhl'ml~tl)' and Nobel Prize 
winner. wa~ OIlC of the 185 prolllll1elll 

Sl"lcntl5t~ \\ h., "Ignd a ~trollgl)'-\\'nrded 
lettl'[ wndclllnlOg belief 111 a trnlog)'. 
Ure), said, "All Ill) hIe I've bl'cn Hying to 
fighl Ignofi1l1,c .llld IlllsinlnnnallOI1 I 
lu~t don'l undcrst,llld htlw [Jeo[Jle ,,10 
bell,'\'( .btrlll')g), l)n the h.l>h ,II nl) 

evidence at all ." The lener says, In part. 
that astrology contributes "10 (he growth 
of Irrauonahsm and obscurantism. We 
believe Ihe time has come ro challenge 
directly and forcefuUy the pretentious ' 
claims of astrological charlatans." 

1979 ... 
The AS Council voted overwhelmIngly 

1,Ist night to recommend the Daily 
Guurdwll tum over to the Women's 
Center the revenues from a "sexisl" ad 
that appeared in Tuesday's Issue. Jim 
Lofgren of the AS explained that he 
wanted to stir up feelings on campus by 
bringing (he issue to J vote. lie called 
the ad "blatJnt sexism" ,md selid he WJS 
shocked The \OIC concerned eln Insert 
for Dos Equis beer 5hoWIOg two women 
posing "h;l\Inch tll hJUllch " The ad was 
f,lllowcd three d,l)," lellCr by an l'dnon,11 
.lp'lloglzlng for Ihl' ad . and stating 111><:11 
(l)l1trJCts Will be reViewed bcfore 
publication m the luture. 

-Christopher Canole 

OaobL'Y 13, 1983 3 
"I \\" 

Students embarrassed 
by police questioning 
By DAVID WOLF 

last Thursday, October 6, three UCSD 
police olTicers detained for questioning 
four black students who had been 
playing basketban in the main gym. 

The students had noticed the 
presence of an officer earlier, and when 
preparing to leave the gym, were 
detained by three police officers who 
were on the scene. The police requested 
that the students produce some form of 
identification or give their names and 
addresses. They then photographed four 
of those questioned, after which the 
students were released. 

One of the sludents questioned was 
Daryl EUis, a pre-med senior and 
president of the Black Student Union. 
He told The Guardian that the police 
apparently had a deSCription of a black 
man who has been a suspect in a 
number of thefts around campus. 
According to EUis, the officers handled 
themselves professionally during the 
interview and were careful to explain to 
the students everything that was going 
on. Wtiere the problems lay, said Enis. 
was elsewhere. While the students had 
been playing basketball, there was an 
intramural voileybaD game going on in 
the gym, and as a consequence, the gym 
was fiUed with people. "It was 
embarrassing and even a little 
demeanIng that of all the people in the 

. 

Volunteers 
Needed 

Male volunteers with 
presently symptomatic nasal 
allergy, for studies of the 
effectiveness of a new 
injectable and a new nasal 
medication. For appoint-
ment or funher infonnation 
please phone 452-4156 (8 
am to 4 pm). 

Volunteers are paid up to 
550.00. 

Introductory Special 
wi'" '''it _ 0,.1y 

12 Haircuts ..~ for students 
with selectetllulirsly/isls 
regularly $:!2 (women), $19 (men) 

Nails 
Sntl/lillred Nuil.~, rrg. $4(), Ito"' $25 
Fills, re/(. $2(). 110'" $15 
MUllifllres. reg. $7, ItO", $5 

l'r.di{,lIre.~, reg. $16, NOll' $12 
jl/lielle Wm/l. reg. $14, NOH' $12 

895Q Viii" La )01111 Dr. 
5,,11, 1122 

La )"IIn, Ca. 92037 
10/ 19/ 83 

~ 

gym, they picked out the blacks that 
were playing basketban, and then to 
have us put through that whole scene of 
having our pictures taken ... That's 
what dislurbed me: said Ellis. 

Another question comes to mind. If 
the police had only one description, 
why did they detain four men of 
differing descriptions? "For about the 
last year and a half, the University, that 
is, students, staff and faculty, have been 
victimized over at the gymnasium," 
stated Bob Jones of the UCSD Police 
Depanment. "Lockers have been broken 
into, and we have also had a lot of 
thefts, including waUets, purses and 
backpacks, out of offices and labs. For a 
year and a half, we were trying to come 
up with some suspect information: 

Daryl Ellis. preSident of the Blach Student Union. 

About three weeks ago, a female 
university employee caught a black male 
going through the personal belongings 
of some of the employees at the Basic 
Science Building. Not thinking much of 
il at the time, she noticed later that her 
wallet was missing and then reponed it 
to the Police Depanment with the 
description of the man she saw, which 
formed the basis of the composite 
illustration the poltce now have. 

On Sept. 27 at 6 pm, a 52-year-old 
man attending a golf clinic on campus 
reponed that his locker in the gym had 

been broken into and that he had lost 
$240. He gave the descriptiOns of two 
suspects, both black males reported to 
have been acting suspiciously, who were 
in the area at the time. 

The police now had three 
deSCriptions, varying from a 5'6" thin, 
black male to a 6'1" heavyset black male. 

The deSCriptions of the four students 
phowgraphed closely corresponded to 
those in the reports, which is the reason 
the students were stopped in Ihe first 
place. 

With the difficulty of the diverse 
deSCriptions ou[ of the way, the problem 
remains that Ihe students were 
embarrassed in front of a great many 
people. In response to this, the police 
had two points to make. First. the 
supervising officer on Ihe scene fell it 
best to conduct the interview out in the 
open where everybody could see the 
casual nalure oi the interview. Second, 

and most important, the law states that 
if a police officer or officers detain a 
suspeCt or suspects and moves those 
suspeCts, either voluntarily or nOI. Ihe 
action constitutes an arrest. As the 
police had no grounds for arrest, the 
srudents could not be moved. Thus, the 
embarrassment was unavoidable. 

The police have offered to help clear 
up any misunderstanding by meeting 
with the rour photographed students. 
The offer was made on Monday, and as 
of four o'clock yesterday aflernoon no 
response to this offer had been received 
by the police. 

Let there be no mistaking, however, 
that the point in question her~ for the 
four students is not one of police 
harassment. Rather. it is one of a moot 
point in the law (detention plus 
movement equals arrest) that made a 
routing check a little tougher than it 
should have been. 

r"" ACAI)EMIC 8r PERSONAL SIaLL BUILDING 
1"-- - .:::'ti~~ ---- WlDter Quarter Worbhops -' . 

OVDCOMING PIlOCItASTlNAnON 
Open to all undergraduate and graduate students. this workshop is to help participants overcome their reluctance to ., get things done". This 
workshop wID fOcus on the causes of delay and structured ways of constructively overcoming this behavior. Interaction with other 
participants wID be a part of uch session II wID meet for ilurwuks on TuadIIys. 3:30 -5:00 p.m., beatnnfni October 25. Led by Hugh Pates 
al the Revelle Provost's OIBce. CaD BeCal III 452-3755 10 siQn up. 

DBANCING SOCIAL SlOW 
Meet new Ii1ends, deIIeIop and improve your interpersonal and socia1 sIdIIs through presentations and practice in II &iencly, supportatlw 
atmosphen:. Led by LorI J<oJt and Stew Brady ...... 'lhundays. 1:00 - 2:30 p.m.. lit CounHIJnal and Psycholo8lCIII Savlca. 1003 
HumInltIa IJbnIry BIdf .• from Oetobet 131l1roqh December 1. Students should call Lori or Stew al 452-3755 or drop by the above 
location to discuss the group to see If It meets lheir needs. 

CAMPUS BlACK POatJII 
ThIs Is an InfOnnai discussion group cenlered on Issues, concerns and the quality of life of the Black community at UCSD. II is an open 
onQOinQ jJ'oup. and students can join .. any lime. Led by RoceIIe ·&slien and PhIl Raphael. Meets Tuesdays. 3:00 - s.oo p.m., lit the 
MountaIn View Lou,. of the Third CoJJege Apartment. Those who would .e additional information can call either PhIl at 452-3035 or 
Rochelle at 452-3755; otherwise they can just show up III the meetings. 

GAY/BISUUAI, IUU Gaoup 
This group concentrates on Issues assocIaled with resolvlnQ an a1ternadlle sexual ptlefaellce • I.e., gay or bisexual. Led by Sieve Brady. Meets 
fridays. 2:00 - 3:30 p.m.. lit CouaMJInf ad PIychoIo8ICIII Sentca. 1003 ~ BuIIdIn .. 

AlCOHOL AND SUBSTANCE ABUSE suPPOar GItOUP 
For students who want help in cleallng with an alcohol or drug use problem. EmphasIs will be on understanding the complexity of the 
problem. IdentilVlni options, ma1QnQ II commlttment to change. and bIIowtnQ throu~ Homework assijJ'unents and jJ'oup norms wID be 
established as pari of the group' 5 and individual's program. BebeJolnlnll the I!OUP ~ed ...... ere uIIed to alii Becca 111452-3755 
10 make 8 short appointment with one of our counselors to see if the I&FOUP wID meet your needs.l.ed by Dan Munoz. llella Fddays. 2:00-
3:30 p.m.. beQInnInaI October 21 ... the Rnde Prollolf, oIIca. 

BODY CONNECUONS WOIISBOP 
The o~ect of this workshop is 10 achIew lifestyle rnanaQement and stress reduction throuQh light aerobic ~. nutritional analysis, 
waQht mainlenance, relaxation and self-hypnosis. By pradk:lng healthful habits tOQCther. students can dewlap a comblt with their body 
1m., their welQhl, their level of stress and attain 8 reasonably hollstk lifestyle. Led by Bev HaIju. Counseling and Psycho~ca1 ServIces, 
and DaIynn Proltt, Health Educator, Student Health Services. Meets .. Student HuIth Sal/lea. Fddaya. 11:00 a.m. - 1:00 p.m., ~ 
0ct0bIr 14. AI the 8rst meeting. a series of pre-tests will be administered; althe second the testing wID be IInIshed and the group will be~ 

II-BNDY STUDBN'I'S' GItOUP 
ThIs QI'Oup Is desllJ'led for n:-enlry men and women studenls to haw the opportunity 10 share concerns related 10 their transition inlo the 
academic world. The group provides a WfI\{ to make conlact with other older students In 8 caring environment. Led by MIriam 10supoYki 
Wednadltya. &.30 - IO:OOa.m.,beQInnIn,Odober 19. Meets. l003Humanlt1ee-IJbnryBuIIdInQ. Sludents should caD Becca at 452-3755 
to sign up. 

ItECOVDING JIItOM EATING DISOIDDS (lID) Groap 1 
Do you binge and then last or purae yourself of the food? Do you sometimes stop eatinQ or reduce your bod intake to the point where either 
you or others feel this endanQers your health? If so.joininQ this group wID help. MIrIam losupovld, facilitator. IIHts TuacS.ys. 9:00 - 1()'.30 
a.m.. beQInnIn8 October II. 1003 HumanIIIII-UbraJy BuIIdIn.a, Call Becca al 452·3755 br inbrmatlon .uf to sijJ'l up. 

Stad ............ to ..... aD .ppoIa ...... ror IodIvtchaI CO"'Ieellnl caD caD 452-3755 
or COIM III to the cadraI otllc:e .t 1003 lfaman ..... ~ ....... 
Offered by eoaa •• IID •• Psycholo8lcal ServIce. 

" 

I ' 



Editorial 
-

Frying and drinking and drinking and 
d~ving: Should the police step in? 

Last year, campus security guards found a young woman 
kneeling in the middle of a group of friends. She was vomiting on 
the sidewalk, her body overwhelmed by too much (and too many 
types of) alcohol. As the security guards kept an eye on her, the 
girl's friends traced back over the path they had taken, running 
from vomit pool to vomit pool in search of a rooth she had 
dislodged in her drunken frenzy. They never found it. 

It is this kind of nightmare that provoked police into a more 
.. workmanlike enforcement of UCSO's mythical alcohol policy, but 
the ultimate question is one of responsibility. The police are 
responsible for law enforcement on campus, and students are (or 
should be) responsible for their own well-being, though admittedly 
they are not always clear-eyed in this respect. Let's begin by taking 
a look at the police. 

Theft occurs regularly on and near the UCSD campus. While the 
number of thefts are not at epidemic proportions, this is cold 
comfort to the hapless student who finds his electric guitar gone 
from his room or embarks ort a run to the store only to discover 
her car window shattered and her stereo gone. 

The University itself is by no means immune from the problem 
either. last summer, thousands of dollars worth of computer 
equipment was stolen from AP&"M and, while police did capture 
three students in the process of shuttling stolen equipment across 
campus, for the most part the goods were replaced by insurance, 
with the school picking up the hefty deductable. 

AP6rM was not the only facility burgled on campus last summer 
(or the summer or year before that), and under these 
circumstances it seems odd for the police department ro ask its 
officers to keep watch on the drinking (and smoking and frying 
and snorting) habits of the entire campus population. 

But what about that population? Does young Roscoe" 
skateboarding around campus with a head full of acid and an 
open boule ofJack Daniels in his free hand, really need a cop to 
dazzle him with a spodight and make him pour out his booze? 
Does the young woman who lost her rooth need a security guard to 
stand watch over her as she wallows in her own vomit? Perhaps. 
But then again, perhaps not. 

The first years of college constitute a painful journey from 
sneaking cigarettes and sex in the back of mom's station wagon ro 
full-on adulthood , with aU the booze and drugs and bounced 

WAITING FOR ANnROf'OV 

checks in the world lieing in wait to capture the unwary. No one, 
but no one, can possibly "straighten out" a young student who has 
it in mind to revel (for a while at least) on the dark side of 
affluence. Let's face it, most people smoke a bit, drink a bit. and 
then they're out, working for Link-a-bit. They're as unstoppable as 
the more hardcore partiers who want to play the chemicals to the 
hilt 

The decision by the UCPD to try to keep students from hurting 
themselves (and others) is an admirable one. They should be 
applauded for it. These efforts, however, can prove to be no more 
than a source of friction and frustration for both them and their 
charges. Any attempt to impose the unenforceable on the the 
unstoppable is doomed to meet with failure . 

The "new enforcement" has made its point, and now it is time 
for the police to shift their attention to the most dangerous aspect 
of wretched excess, namely driving under the influence of alcohol 
and/or drugs. If this lesson is learned early by an Americans, the 
roads will run with a lot less blood in the future . 

n~\ill~1l" ~ll~\ill~Il"~ll (f;1tit<eIr~il ~\t\!: 
~Ir~letter.n~ili.t~Ir$ll<el~<el!'~ll 
<etm~rr~ll<e!ij~Ir$ll~!ij<err$ll<ettt<e 
Ir~ll~Itlt<ell"all~ilit<elr$ll<eilil:cerr$ll~ 
Editor: 

Your hapless 3 OctOber editorial (on 
"those nasty labs") omits to mention the 
proposal that. if UC must "manage" 
Livermore and Los Alamos. it should do 
so with careful and meaningful faculty 
oversight. To that end . at its 25 May 
1983 meetina wim ilie Assembly of me 
Academic Senate vOted 10 submit to a 
faculty vOte the proposition that the 
newly formed Institute on Global 
Conniet and Cooperation "have. as one 
of its first responsibilities. the 
establishment of a committee to advise 
the President on" an work done at the 
laboratories and the policies and 
procedures entailed by that work. The 
fun text of the resolution is available in 
the Notiee of Meeting distributed to the 
entire UC Academic Senate last May. 
You might want to read it and reap. 

Roy Hanoey Pean:c 
Dcpanment of UlEralUre 

Tilt editor replies: The document to 
which Professor Pearce reJers is a proposed 
memorial to the UC Regents outlining a 
plan to expand the responsib~itits oj the 
Weaver Committee, UC's watchdogJor Los 
Alamos and LawrtllCe Livtrmore National 
Laboratories. The meat oj the proposal is 
three new areas of focus Jor the Weaver 
Committee, which read: 

"(The present mandate of the Wea\lt'r 
Committee should) be extended to include 
advice on the Jollowing matters: 

"(e) the military. political. and economic 
consequences (both domestic and 
international) of deployment of wtapons 

~ySlell1s ... 111 any and all stages of 
research, development, demonstration, 
testin$, or review by LASL and LLL; 

"(JJ options Jor using Laboratory 
,..csources to lIIove In directions which will 
ameliorate the anm raa. including 
technologres which will improve domestic 
and intcmatiotJaI communications in the 
event of explosion of nuclear devices, 
vOificalilm tcchnologie.~, and lIIethods Jor 
reducing dcsta/Jilizing tendencies of n,'w 
It:duwlogles; 

"W polky alld pm(C(/ural (hangcs 
nCfa.·d to assure that the lilllllllc/lntual 
/"L·.~Cltll"(('S oj thc UniverSItY (~. Califotlua art' 
" mllgh I 10 ht'ar Oil the seardl 10 ~/()w Ihe 
pre .... ·nl anns raa." 

TIllS is all "CIY well, "ut th,' )ir.\t 
I'(//"[/gmph oj this mcmoriul .>how.> a 
su/plislIIg laLh of knowledge ahout US 
WC<ltHms rnt'(//"( h when It statcs: "The 
Unil'Cr\iry '1 Calrjimlla has (l(wpld lite 
n'~I~'n;I"llity '/"1' thc mallagemcnt ~r lilt' 

tum 10 5 

Edilor 
Ttm August M.n:r"' Edlcor Phi laudtr 
Copy Edicor 

James Ralph Papp 
Opinion Edllor 
Thomas Rankin 

Associate News Editors 
MIke G~bn-g 

lisa lapin 
Fahua Edlcor 
Chris Young 
Arb Edicor 
And~w Keeler 

Assocille Am Edicor 
John Nee 

SpolIa Editor 
Jeff Savage 

PhOlO EdItor 
Rich Pecjak 

General MaR9f 
Chris Milke 

AIIodare General Man ..... 
Linda lewis 

Valerie McMullin 
Photopaph£n 

Richard Calerina 
Cymhia Cebula 
Rob Friedemhal 
Mark Johnson 

111u1Cl'MOlS 
GarneU Filz-Henley 

l<alh)' Morrow 
Typaarrn 
J~ Desiderio 
Angie Lapid 
Phil Lauder 

Andy Laurence 
Chris Oslerwalder 

Production 
Hannah Abrams 

lisa Jones 
Paula Momgomery 

Kelly Neal 

The UCSD Guardian IS published 
Mondays and Thursdays during the 
academic year by Sludems at UCSD. 
Reprodultion or uSC! without 
permiSSion of any (X'ruon or thiS 
newsp.lpcr is strktly prohibited. Not 
responSible ror unsolicited 
m.lnllsaipls l'r an 

Our orneI.' I~ Illeatlxi southeast Ill' 
the R~vclle ProV()5I Ollke nn the 
UCSD campus. The Businl'ss Olrke IS 
"pen lrom (} .tm hl noon .tnd I pm 10 
5 pm Monday through Frida)'. 

Suhscrlptions Will he tn.llied lor SI5 
per quancr. 

The UCSD Guard"'n 
UCSD,8-016 

La Jolla. C.llfomla 92093 
(619) +52-3+66 

ll<ettit<elrsll<efrfteIrsll<eilit<e~llleilit<eIr8ll<ettitelrllle 
ft<elr.letterlllcefrft<eIrSll<ettit<elrsllettit<elrsll<erute 
lrsllerut<elrsll<eilitelrsllettiteIrslleititcelrsll<ettit<eIF 
ll<ettit<elrsllefrftceIrsll<eilit<elrSllceilit<elrsllettit<elrlleft 

continued from .. 
Nation's two wtapons restarc-h laboratories 
.. . " This is Jalse. LLL and lASL art by no 
means alone in their role as weapons 
research Jacilities. In fact, a new satellile 
put together by LASL Jor launch by the Ai,.. 
Force to monitor radialion levels in the 
upper atmosphere had an integral portion 
of its componentry designed and bUIlt by 
Sandia National Laboratory. which is 
managed by Union Carbide . 

Perhaps this is an inSignificant oversight, 
but one can only hope that the Regents and 
the Academic Senate are cognizant of the 
Jact that their role In managing LLL and 
LASL is a leadership position_ Their actions 
must move beyond the confines of the labs 
themselves and stretch into other National 
Laboratories. UC is in a position to set the 
pace Jar the U5's nuclear research program. 

For the foreseeable Juture, however, these 
efforts cannot have a significant impact on 
the nuclear problem as a whole. This 
winter the U5 will begin deployment of 
Pershing 11 missiles in Germany, Italy and 
Great Britain. It will talle months oj Soviet 

h~rtg and posturing beJore they are ready 
C they ever wtll be ready) to sit down with 
t e US and discuss arms limitations in a 
ITabstic manner. 

The Western powers do have, Jortunately, 
a new ally in China, which is weary of the 
55-20s massed on the Sino-Soviet border. 
Since ewryone is today trying to cuD 
favor with the Chinese. the Russians will 
have more reason than ever to engage 
in a serious ·sit-down. 

The Student Organizations OfIice, Associated 
Students, and the Student Center present: 

OcroNr 13, 1983 5 
( ) I" " '( ) '\.. 

This Friday with 
the ASUCSD, followl.ng 
the Bizarre Bazaar ••• 

October 14, 4~OO p.m. 
T.G.I.F. 

~.. ue~ 
).,9' ,~ ~~ ~e ~o ~\ ~e Valid PlCbJre 1.0. AND Student 1.0. 

Refreshments Required. 

For more 'nformatlon call x4450 
.•... 

L' I~ 



C 1983 Adolph COM Con-pony Golden. CoIaodo 80401 · S-01 FIne Quollv8eers S4nctt 1873 

OduDer 13, 1983 7 

University policy 
on alcohol 

10 drink alcohol, and we know that 90% 
of them are underage, but if it 's done in 
a responsible fashion then we don't 
have any problems . .. The only time 
we're going to get involved is if things 
start spilling 0Uf ... when issues of . 
safety become involved." 

tor Alcohol and Substance Abuse 
Education, the alcohol policy, dated 
August 17, 1981 , may be changed in the 
near future . The committee, chaired by 
Warren O'Neara , flied its report in 
March of 1983. 

The repon contains, among other 
things, the results of a survey of the 
Warren College residence hans. Taken 
last year, the survey was answered by 
283 students, 72% of whom were 
freshmen, 100% of whom indicated they 
drink alcoholic beverages. 

By MICHAEL PARTOS 
Are UCSD police gening tough or 

cracking down on cenain sacred 
campus recreational activities, in 
particular, the consumption of alcoholic 
beverages? Several UCSD students (who 
requested anonymity) have complained 
of police harassment. While walking 
near the dorms or apartments, across 
ReveUe Plaza, or through the eucalyptus 
groves, students with open containers of 
alcoholic beverages have been told to 
"spill it." A security guard (not to be 
confused with a police officer) has been 
quoted as saying that this year, panies 

must be kept indoors and reasonably 
quiet. 

Is there a new alcohol policy? John A. 
Anderson, acting chief of police, said, 
"There is no new policy. We're not 
interested in a new policy. It's being 
enforced perhaps stronger than it was 
last year." Anderson worked at UCSF 
and UCB prior to his arrival at UCSD. 

Enforced or not, what is the 
department's alcohol policy? According 
to Sergeant Robert L. Jones, "Responsible 
social drinking is acceptable ... We 
know that university students are going 

The policy' is designed 10 be hazy, 
Jones admits. "It is vague , but I think 
people want it to be vague." Regarding 
police harassment, Jones feels strongly 
that a consistent policy must be 
maintained. "I think what you're talking 
about is very specific incidents that 
have taken place here within the last 
couple of weeks that we wiu deal with, 
and we will make it clear to our people 
that we're talking about a consistency in 
our enforcement of what we view as the 
policy." 

The University's official policy can be 
found in a booklet caKed Unilltrsity oj 
California PolicitS and UC San Diego 
Campus Regulations Applying to Campus 
Actlvitits, OIganizatkms, and Studtnts. 

At the suggestion of the Committee 

&j]!!ilalrD (!me. [ill[) 
Accordl .. to ..... tudenta, I ~ 100 

-
I 

The students responded that they 
parricipated in an average of 2.35 
drinking occasiO!l$ per week with an 
average of 3.29 drinks per sitting. 
Cocaine was used by a fun 30% of the 
respondents, marijuana by 37%, 
psychedelic mushrooms by 13% and 
pcp by .01%. 

Twenty-eight percent of the students 
said they mix alcohol with other drugs. 
Thirty percent answered that they 

tum to 10 

A - CoM ___ 

alcohol ha. tile toll_lne effect 
IIPOII their audemlc .tudle.: I 

I 
I I 

• - MI. __ .1Id d' .... 
eo 

C - H_ ... _ 111 .. -, ........ 1 ... 

NONE 

NEGATIVE 

These graphs WCIT compiled from a 1982 sUrllty oj 283 
Warren College studtnts. 

ACIIOU ..... 
I lSAT ''AI I MU8 ,GAt PSYCH 
l GMAT " TOEFL 'WI! "CM 810 3 GRE " SSAI 3 ECFMG " ACHIIIlfUfNTS 
• MCAT 12 PSAT • flU 11 NURSING 80S 
& OAT 
• MAT 
7 PeAT 
• DCAI 

" SAT .N08 la ePil 
I. ACI' 'NP81 I. SPUD READING 
15 MSKP 7 NC81 11 ESl REVIEW 

• CGfNS '.INTRO 10 
lAW SCHOOl 

San DIego Center 
2180 Ganet Ave .. Suite 20 
Pacific Beach 92109 
(619) 27N110 
M.L McNulty, AdmInIstrator 

I 30 
j 20 
1 

J 10 

.I o - P!efItr _lei _,. .t,h __ I 

I eo .6 
• I:: 
1 40 <) ~ 

J 
STUDENTS £> 

ANO ~ 20 ALCDMOL 
l:' 

~ 0 
• c 0 

Burroughs Corporation, II world leader in Ihe electronics based 
Information syllems Industry, is ready for the future. We are nnnly 

established In one of the most promising growth Industries of our time 
.. . we have addressed all of the essentials - human resources, technology and 

number in the 

customers - constructively and comprehensively. 
Our principal revenues 

are derived from the sale of information 8ystems, 
equipment services, media products, 

specla1 purpoae product8 Eand services, as well a8 business forms -..__ and supplies. 
Our product!! vos. 
thousands, and 
include computers, f 
office automation systems, computer 
based systems, peripheral devices, 
and a range of application!! 80ft ware 
products and professional services. 
Burroughs' ongoing 8UCCess in the design, engineering, 
manufacturing, marketing and support of information systems 
and related equipment has resulted In opportunities for top graduates in: 
• Computer Science • Electrical Engineering • Chemical Engineering 

ON CAMPUS INTERVIEWS 
October 18 
Sec your c;ollcgc plil(;CIllCllt offi,;c to url"llllHI! un inICl"Vimv. 

,\11 ,\lflrlllllll,·" '\I',klll ~:ml)k)~",· Mit' 

Burroughs 



8 (kto!xr 13, 1983 
'1\\" 

CSOs: the 
escorts of UCSD 

By SHARON SOGOMIAN 
An increase in assaults and rapes and 

the need for a liaison between campus 
security and the Police Dcpanment 
spurred Community Service Officers 
(CSO) into existence in the fall of 198!. 

The CSO's olTicial duties are to escon 
students \0 any dcsllnatlon on campus, 
be on the lookout for stray animals and 
c heck parking lot and building security 
problems They are , as Hans Wolban, a 
CSO and Muir College senior says, "the 
eXIra eyes for the police force ." 

"However, a fellow CSO, Brian Lennarz, 
was qUick \0 point out Ihar Community 
-ervice Offl'Ce rs are not actually police. 

been very enthusiastic (over 2000 
called to be escorted since January of 
this year), 

Many students would be surprised [Q 
learn that women are not the only ones 
e coned. A few men have called for 
escons because Ihey are worried aboul 
carrying expensive band equIpment 
across campus. Kathy Kollar, a crime 
prevention officer who IS the C 0 
"boss," feels that although many 
students are embarrassed to call or use 
the servIce, the general awareness thaI 
there IS "strength In numnbers" ma), 
eventually persuade more people to 

Many students would be surprised to learn 
that women are not the only ones escorted 
across campus, 

They are UCSD students employed for 
16 hours a week (two eIght hour shifts) 
and paId a respectable $5 .11 an hour 
after 6 pm. When asked if they enjoy 
their job, both Wolbart and Lennarz 
agreed Ihat they find it very interesting 
and prefer being outdoors 10 "sming 
down at a desk for eighl hours." 

The group of officers was recendy 
increased from 11 members to 18. The 
eXIra manpower was evidently needed , 
as student response to the program has 

seek assistance. Kollar is 
wholeheartedly behind the program 
and is pleased 10 be involved with such 
a "conscientious group of students." 

Those in Ihe CSO program wam to 
caU attention to the services they olTer 
<lnd encourage more students to benefit 
from Ihem. Future plans for the officers 
include undergOing a CPR training 
session , and Officer Kolla r also hopes to 
extend the escort range over to Mesa 
Apanmems. 

test 
equipment (A TEl. The Semiconductor Test DIvision' 
in Woodland Hills, Califomia, manufactures VLSI 
and memory test systems. teradyne will be 
presenting an informal discussion about the ATE 
industry and career opportunities. 

Pizza Party 
Monday, October 17th 

J2:00 - 3:00 pm 
North Conference Room 

Student Center 

Have 'porno flicks 
lost their sex appeal 
By ROBERT LEONE 

The showing of X-rated films at 
UCSD by student organizations has long 
been a method of raising funds beyond 
those granted by the AS. However. the 
showing of such films has become a 
point of controversy on campus, and 
the value of such films for fund raising 
purposes is coming into doubt. 

For example, the Phi Delta Theta 
showing of Debbie Does Dol/as on 
September 30 was nOl the success it was 
supposed [0 have been, according to 
Student Orgalllzations Advisor Randon 
Woodard. 

When asked whether the trend was 
continuil1g of the first X·rated film of 
Ihe year making more money than any 
olher X-rated film, Woodard said. 
"Obviously it was not the case this lime, 
because attendance was very low." 

Woodard mentioned three factors 
that could have caused the low 
attendance ar the Phi Delta shOWing: 
insuffiCIent number of posters, the 
possibility of declined interest in the 
film's subject, and the scheduling of the 
showing at the end of the first week of 
school. 

A member of Radar, a student 
organization that presented the film 
Deep Throat on October 7, said that 
anticipated revenues were "kind of up 
in the air." When asked fun her about 
projected revenues, he said, "At the 
outside, a thousand dollars nel. To do 
that, we'd have to fm every seat in TLH 
107 three times. We're hoping to break 

even." 
When asked how many paying 

viewers would be needed to break even. 
he replied two hundred fifry. 

People and organizations do nm want 
their names to be linked wuh Ihe 
presentation of an X-rated film, and 
some organizations go to considerable 
lengths to disguise their names on the 
fliers and announcements. Last year 
Dark Star, Ihe scIence ficlion club on 
campus, presented an X-rated movie but 
put only the abbreviation "0 " on the 
posters. 

This year the Phi Delta Thetas 
omitted Ihelr name entirely from their 
Debblf Does DoUas posters, thereby 
running afoul of UC Studem 
Organization Regulauon 32.13, whIch 
states that aD posted matenals should 
indIcate the name of the posting 
organization or individual. 

Woodard, in reference to this lapse, 
said, "No one has come [Q me [0 
complain, but I noticed it after Ihe facI 
and brought it to the attention of the 
organization." Woodard also said that 
such mistakes do happen, usuaUy in the 
case of an organization that is just 
beginning to present programming or 
after the principal programming 
members of an organization graduate. 

When one contemplates the 
difficulties of showing an X-rated film, 
including advenising, film rentals, and 
security at the shOWing, one wonders 

tum to 10 

Please Visit Us 
Sale!!! 

Sweatwear • Sunglasses 
T-Shirts 

20% - 50% OFF .. 
With UCSD 1.0. 

. until 1 (} 19-83 

- Sunglasses, from $5.99 to $19.99, .uri. OFF 
- Sunglasses, from $20 to $200, 2M. OFF, 

Vuarnet, Ray Ban, Carrera, etc. 
- T-Shirts, all 20~ OFF, every kind of T-shirt 
- All T-Shirt lettering & transfers, 50~ OFF 
- Sweatwear, all 2crI. OFF, hottest styleS' 

and colors 

EJtpretffl'nf" -
~~-

4030G Torrey Pines Rd. 
La Jolla, Ca. 92037 

(next to the Yogurt Moir) 

454-8006 

I photos by Christopher Canole I 

JAME~ KELLY IS HERE 
Huntridge Hairstyles 

Summer House Inn • La Jolla Shores 
454·0785 

Have you wondered where he went? Have you 
missed his creative styling, his natural colors, his 

bouncy, carefree penns? 
Well James, formerly of Young Attitudes, is down the 
hill in LaJolla, off of Torrey Pines Rd., and is looking 

forward to seei ng you soon! 
r------- 2 for 1 --------, 
I Bring this ad &: a friend to : 
I receive 2 haircuts for the : 
I price of 1, $12, : 
L ______ Offer expIres 12I1 /83.--...:----..J 

'. 

Ottober 13. 1983 9 

-......."..-the 

THE TAO OF PHOTOGRAPHY 
Enter the world of rr.jIecdon, 

tQJre from il, kaw liD imprmioll, 
Absorb what SMrIS to ht ordinary, 

rt:/Iect it bock lIS extraordinary. 
Images tnlnspamu em 1M aaIIma, 

ullbfumd and without rtslstallU. 
Color in form liw sound I. air, 

mooll In dewdrop, Image ill minor. 

SOFT CONTACT LENSES 
One Hour Service in most cases 

•• a.UDU: 
Contact lenses, examination, 
patient training,. follow up, 
chemical care kit and fitting. 
-EX1IHDm WIAIt LINSIS 
ONLY $165.00 

THE CLASSICAL EYE I 
DR. ROIERT HnLER OPTOMETRIST 

La Jolla Village Square 
(Inside the Mall; Lower Level) 

8657 Villa La Jolla Drive • SUite 136 
451-7374 
HydroculV~ extended wear lema evaileblc. , 



... 

. '-

10 October 13. 1983 
\'1 I~"I'I ( 11\ " 

LlmL' CU1ErDl 
CDIIUT 

PRECISION 
HAIRCUTS 

for men & women 
Wit. t'li. COUPOII Ollly, 

Offer expire. 10/20/83. 

737 Pearl 456-1170 
La Jolla 456-1815 

.... 

-----------------,.---------........ --..... -----1 $10 PRECISION: PERM $29.50 HAIRCUT I Long Hair Extra. 
~--------------------for men & women I 

Shampoo, condition, cui . 
(Blowdry nol 'ncluded.) 

: MANICURE $5 

X-FillIls 
~ continued from 8 

• - why stude!nt organizations bother to 
~ show such films. 
~. The reason is simple: income. "The 

pOlential is the!re to make! mone!Y. and 
across the nation. unfonunately. X-rated 
movies are a quick, affordable way to ge!t 
funds: says Woodard. But it doesn't 
always work. Whe!n aske!d if X-rated 
films break e!VC!n or ~tler most of the 
time, Woodard repli~, "Ye!s, probably 
the ones that are ~tler known (such as 
Ottp Throat or Debbit Dots ValLIs), 
because they have a cenain cult 
foUowing and name! recognition.-

Another reason why X-rated films 
te!nd to have highe!r yields than other 
films is that th~ are relatively 
inexpensive. Blockbusters such as Star 
Wars and Star Trelr II don't even have a 
listed price. AirplGne U has a base rental 
of 5550 and TM TOWtring Inferno, 5350 . 
EVC!n a modest fearure, Dcnll Star, has a 
base of $97.50. Tht Delli! and Miss)ones, 
on the other hand, has a base rental of 
5130, while both Dctp Throat and Debbit 
Dots DlllDas share a list renral of $395, 
$155 less than Airplant II. Thus, if one 
made Jes. t&an $790 on the shoWing, 
the two more expensi~ X·rated films 
would provide more re~mlC than 
Airpa..e U. 

Ho1.ve~r, there is the question of 
where II) obrain the money "r the 
movie rental "The AS will not fund 
pornographic films. ThaI's in the by-
laws. With a two-thirds vote! they could 
fund one, but I don't think the!y will: 
stated Lisa Srcnmark, AS commissioner 
of eXternal affairs. 

Srenmark is also an opponent of X· 
rated films on campus, a poilU which 
she! made! VC!ry clear during he!r 
interview. "The!re's a really imeresting 
quote, 'Pornography is the! theory; rape 
is the practice.' Any society that has 
porn will ha", rape. But I'm not saying 
that pornography leads to rape. What I 
am saying is that the same stereotypes, 
the same dehumanizing of women. the 
same mind-set, are involved in both 
pornography and rape." 

Alcohol 
conlinutd from 7 
indeed had driven a car "after heavy 
drinking." Thiny-one percent agreed 
that the best way (0 meet people is at a 
function serving alcohol. finaHy, when 
asked what effect drinking had on their 
acade!mlc work, 85% said none, 12% 
said hindering and 3% responded 
"improving." 

The major recommendations of the 
committee were as follows: that the 
policy be revised so that it cn be more 
clearly understood; that an 
alcohol/substance abuse employee 
assistance counselor (EAC.) position be 
funded by the Universiry; that the 
student health insurance policy have a 
chemical dependency treatment option 
and/or coverage, and that a picture ID 
card system (now in effect) be initiated 
for the campus community. 

-CLUB DaMAR 
WORKOUT 

ODe Month $25 
Rq!. '33 

Four Month. $85 
Reg. '132 

aJrdio4l/ucMlar fiInaJ • .,sclt . bod, rontowrm, * IIMITilional cownuii", 
* OInWftieu Iocdrion -' das. ~ * ,,,- lind dra,in( room fGdlil1a * 

* ,Mdctn • clwb del rrwzr JOCUW * 
1215 C-ifto ~I Mill' 6J9148J-6ll6 

Drugs invade UCSD intr~murals 
By JEFF SAVAGE 

Professional spons no longer owns a 
monopoly on widespread drug use 
throughout their leagues. Although there 
have always been reportS of drug-related 
problems throughout the collegiate ranks 
over the past few years, they have 
c\eveloped, even in the most extreme 
cases, into nothing more than a slight 
rumble and a resulting slap on the wrist. 
In other words, there has been no 
problem. Until now. 

In an emergency press conference 
held ~sterday on the steps in front of 
Triton Pavilion, it was con finned by 
UCSD Intramural Director Mike Hipp 
that 141 UCSD coUege students 
involving 27 imramural teams including 
footbal , Door hockey and innertube 
water polo have been found guilty of 
involvement with drugs. 

This discovety is the result of a two 
week investigation by Federal officials 
follOwing a four year probe by 
University officials to check the validity 
of persistent claims by some intramural 
team captains that the opposing team 
was clearly and iUegally "beefed up or 
wired" during matches.· In a prepared 
statement, Hipp said in part. "We felt 
sure there W3S a problem, but our own 
officials were so inept at uncovering 
evidence that ScOll Berndes (intramural 
co·director) and I felt it was necessary 
(0 call in the guard . Our decision 
proved fruitful." 

Of the 141 students who have been 
found guilty, 134 have been contacted 
thus far, with only two denying drug 
usage. Rob Bayer of the coed innertube 
wate. polo team Drown and Out claims 
that the extent of his involvement with 
drugs in the pa~ ~ar has been two 
cups of coffee at the Revelle cafeteria. 
Tim Haviland of the single A football 
team, Hosebags a Plenty, adamantly 
denies the entire repon, claiming, "It's 
merely another attempt by a stupid 
consttVative government to discredit the! 
University syste!m." 

According to a government repon 
released today, drugs "ranging from 
marijuana to heroin" are being 
conswned at a steady pace by the 
intramural athletes. Neither marijuana or 
heroin have ~en the predominant 
drugs, however. It has been declared 

that twO types of drugs, anabolic 
steroids and cocaine have been the 
most popular types to invade the UCSD 
intramural program. Ove!r 62 percent of 
those mvolved have admitted to the 
usage of cocaine prior to games. Kevin 
Christian, quanetback of the double A 
foot baD te!am Score with the Guys, 
claimed that cocaine! helped his 
performance in his team's convincing 
27-0 win over The! Aetba£s. ., 

"H~ dude, I was into the game every 
second. It was like I was totaly tuned 
mto the ban as it spiraled toward the 
receiver. Like I was actualy inside the 
ball." Christian said he consumed tWO 
grams of cocaine ten minutes prior to 
the opening kickoff. UnlOrtunately he 
was forced to leave the game early in 
the third quarter due to exhaustion, but. 
nOl before throwing three touchdown 
passes. 

Apparently. Christian failed to rerum 
(0 the game not because he remained in 
a state of exhaustion , but ~cau5e he 
was arrested 15 minutes after leaving 
the game and running from the field to 
the locker room. According to a 
government spokesman, twO officials 
followed Christian to the locker room 
where they found him at his locker ~ 
chopping up ale8ine on a pocket , . -
mi rror with a razor blade. The officials 
confiscated the drug (22 grams at a 
street value of 51 ,800). took Christian to 
the San Diego County jail, releasing him 
two days later. Christian says he will file 
a suit in an effon to reclaim his cocaine. 

Cocaine has been most popular 
among the innenu~ water polo play.:rs, 
as 58 of this y.:ar's 130 m~rs of the 
innenube league have admitted to using 
the drug prior to a game. According to 
many, it increases thrust and improves 
overaD play. 

The anabolic steroid case is far more 
interesting, as it is this drug that 
touch~ off the four year University 
probe. 

The usage of anabolic steroids has 
become commonplace among athletes, 
be!cause it alows muscles to develop at a 
rate much faster than nonnal. For mis 
reason, the drug has become quite 
popular with weighdifters. Unfortunately 
for steroid users, however, there are 

ALL YOU CAN EAT 
Soap ..• $3.51 • Salad ... $4.50 • Soap" SaIacI ... $5.25 

Muffins, Breads and Dessert Included 

We also haue Sandwiches, Quiche, Broiled Chicken Platter, 
Steak Sandwiches and Burgers. 

10% DISCOUNT WITH STUDENT 1.0. 
0.- 11·9: .... BAIL\, 737 PEAIIL IREET, LA.lOI..LA 454-3453 

dangerous side effets which include, 
among other things, liver and kidney 
disease, stenlity and, quite often, the 
increase in rate of growth of facial and 
body hair. 

Wande Dykstra, now a fifth year 
sn;ar at UCSD. has _en playing coed -
footbaB for the five y.:ars. In her first 
two ~ar.:. . her team, The Throbbing 
Wandas, won the league championship 
one ~ar and made it to the league 
finals the next But while the team was 
enjoying success, 0rposing teams 
witnessed a gradua change! in Dykstra's 
appearance as her muscles began to 
bulge rather extraordmarily and she 
began to develop facial hair. This 
change led a captain (who shaD remain 
namdess) to request an investigation 
during Dykstra's second year. Apparently 
three of Dykstra's teammates were also 
taking anabolic steroids and they tOO 
developed faCial hair. Last ~ar they 
changed the name of their team to The 
Apewornen and won the coed 
dlampionship. In their first game this 
season, The Apewomen trounced the A 
Team 55-0 and literally crushed the 
opposing offensive line in the process. 
After the full-on investigation, the four 

. ,t.pewomen admitted to steroid usage. 

Dykstra, now sporting a full beard , said , 
"They (steroids) have given me the 
strength of a real man, and I'm damn 
proud ot it." 

Steroid usage involves approximately 
38 percent of the 1M football players, 

. while in floor hockey and innenube 
water polo the figures are qUite smaller 
at eight and five percent respectively. 

Government officials have decided to 
allow the intramural department to 
c\ecide on disciplinary action for the 
admined drug users. Co-director 
Bemdes figures that a four game 
suspension for a pla~r is appropriate at 
this time but that "any illegal action 
from here on will result in an immediate 
ban from 1M sports for twO years." 

Bemdes and Hipp will also direct 
random urine tests for the remainder of 
the ~ar or until the problem appears to 
be resolved. 

None of tIris story is true aapf dldt 
JImtIKs and Hipp tm: co-directors of 
UCSD inlnl","nds. 

tf<n«wr. INuM on wildt's luappming in 
tile projnsiorllJl .. nils toddy, dte elbow 
sanarto mil)' one tidy become a reality 
nom at VCSD. 

Affirmative Action PolicV 
"In accordance with applicable state and federal laws, 

and university policy, the University of California does not 
discriminate in any of its policies, procedures, or practices 
on the basis of race, color, national origin, religion, sex, 
sexual orientation, age, veteran status, medical condition (as 
defined in Section 12926 of the California Government 
Code), ancestry, or marital status, nor does the University 
discriminate on the basis of citizenship with the limits 
imposed by law or university policy." 

In conformance with applicable laws and university 
policy, the university is an affirmative action/equal 
opportunity employer. 

Inquiries regarding the University's equal opportunity 
policies may be directed to the campus affirmative action 
officer, (619) 452-6861.. 



.. 

12 Octotxr 13,1983 
.., 1'( 1I( I .., 

Women's soccer chalks up experience 

By KERRI J. HAME 
As the' UCSD Triton women's soccer 

team travelled last weekend 10 the AIl-
Cal Women's Soccer Tournament at UC 
Irvine, there were thoughts of tough 
matches with such top-nOlch women's 
soccer teams as UClA, UC Santa 
Barbara and UC Berkeley, But as the 
Triton players and coaches waited for 
their scheduled opponents 10 arrive, 
these thoughts began 10 slip into the 
backs of theIr minds, What was 
supposed to have been an eight team 
tournament ended up as six team get-
IOgether as the team from UC Santa 
Cruz never arrived for competition and 
the UC Riverside Highlanders didn 't 
quite make it on time for the matches. 

In the eyes of Coach Jeff Comfort this 
seemed to him as a great opportunity to 
put his women's soccer team against 
some of the teams which are not 
members of the Triton'S division in 
NCAA. Comfort didn't want the 
tournament to go to waste and nO! 
provide the Triton women with the 
much needed experience they would 
gain by competing against some of the 
lOp California soccer teams. 

Coach Comfort had already chosen, 
in his mind , what teams he would like 
10 see UCSD compete against, and they 
were the teams from UC Berkeley, UC 
Santa Barbara and UC Davis. The teams 
of Berkeley and Santa Barbara chalked 
up more goals than the UCSD Tritons in 
the end to claim victory. Coach Comfort 
chalked up tremendous experience for 

Just two years after his All-American senior ~ason at UCSD.}tff Comfort has inherited the 
women 's soccer caachlngjob. The squad currentlY stands at 3-6-2 in Comforf·sjirstytar. 

him and his team. Coach Comfort 
admitted that the games were played 
mostly in fun but was stiD happy with a 
tie against UC Davis as the beSt 
outcome of the tournament. 

The All-Cal Tournament, like many 
aspects of the first year of coaching at 
UCSD for Jeff Comfort, has been taxing 
on both him and his team. Problems for 
the UCSD women's soccer team stanhl 
just before the school year as a 

rraditionaOy wintu sport was moved to 
the faU season. When Coach Comfort 
was questioned as to whether this 
season change has affected him and his 
team he responded without hesitation. 
"It definitely had an effect. The girls 
from last year's team didn't want to give 
up half their summer to play soccer." 
Even with the late start of the pre-
season practicing, try-outs and his 

In fact, we'. even pay you more than $575 a month while you 1Iltend. That's 
In addition to paying for your full tuition and required books and feel. 

H's aft part of the Armed Forces Health Profuslo .. s SchoIaIship Progrwn. 
How does it work? 

"YOU'l8lM1lscted lor a PhysicIan 5choIarship-trom the Army, Navy, or 
Air Foroe-you're commllSloi'led as an officer in the Reeerve. 

WhIle you're In school, you'n serve 45 days a year on active duly, gaIring 
valuable mecIcal axper1et ICe. After graduation, you will aerve Ih .... or more 
years, the=dependIng on the requirements of the ServIce s.lacted and 
years of assIst8noe receIwd. 

As an Armed orcas phyM:Ian you'll receive officer's pay and benefits, 
and er10Y the advantages of working rwgular holn. You'. also see • dIverIIty 
of patients and have opportunities to use aophiaticated mecIcaI techlOIogy. 

But most important, while you're in medIcaJ IChooI we'N help pay the billa. 
For more information, send In the coupon. There's no obligation whaIIoever_ 

rv .. ~~~~~~IbM~Atn*~orwe~ ,-+---1 
Profession, SchoI8rIhip. r understand ther. is no obligation. ... I ~~ s:,'arshipl, P.O. Box C 1n6, Huntington Station, NV 11748 I 

Check up to three: 0 ARMY 0 NAVY 0 AIR FORCE +----i I PIeaM Print AIIlnformalion Clearly and Completely: I 
_ O _ O F_ -+---1 

I -- ~. l-+---l 
City s.... rIP ,-I ... '--'-......... -'-' I ~~I 'NL!J I Soc. Sec. No.1 ICDI I 

I ::OfadUOtion Q;l c;P F~of Siudy ____________ I-+----i 
~Tho ......... 1ian you ~..- will boo uMd IOf recrUIting pu<J>ONO 0f'iIy. The"""" compIeIe _10. .I tho _ .. .." ~ 10 your~. (Authonty. '0. USC 503) 
---------

. actual hirfng (he wasn't hired' until two 
weeks before the pre-season practices 
were to begin), Cornfon stiD feels, in the 
long run, that the season change will be 
beneficial for the women's soccer team. 

The UCSD women's soccer team's 
and coach's problems dealing with the 
season change dwindle away as the 
season continues to progress, but there 
still remains the problem with the NCAA 
divisioning of women's soccer teams 
and the lack of women's varsiry soccer 
squads in the universities throughout 
California. One could place the UCSD 
women's soccer team in Division UI of 
the NCAA. but that's nOl too accurate, 
because there are no actual divisions for 
women's varsiry soccer in NCAA 
competition. What the UCSD women's 
soccer team comperes in is a coOection 
of teams from San Diego Salle 
University; Cal Poly, Pomona; Long 
Beach State; and UC Sanra Barbara. 
There are also various clubs throughout 
Califomia which compete with the 
universities in a regular scheduled 
season. 

It appears to Coach ComlOn that 
since the interest in women's soccer in 
the universities continues to grow, more 
and more universities should offer 
women's varsity soccer teams. With this 
possible increase in teams, the 
experience that the UCSD women's 
soccer team is building up right now 
will greatly increase the chances of the 
soccer team's success in the future. 

Savor the Flavor ' 
of Authentic BBQ 
r--------------, 
I $1 OFF I 
1 • I 
I any Item I 1 I 
I Does not include daaert I 
I or beverage items. I 
I Offer expires 12·1-83. I L ______________ ~ 

British Cars 
Jaguar, MG, Triumph 

Service 

SpOrtS Car Accessories 
Tops . Car Covers, etc. 

Pacific Inkmational Auto 
I liN (; • .,n<"1 A\l" 
In l'.luhe Beach 

274-1920 

Running Thoughts 
By MIKE GREENBERG ~nd;:JEFF SAY A~ 
WHAT'S GOING ON HERE DEPT. Two weeks ago. the women's volleybaU team gOl 
the opportunity for revenge against the team that denied them a second straight 
championship when they invaded Leopard country to bailie la Verne. 
The Tritons made the most of it by knocking off the leopards in lour games. Now the 
men's water polo has its chance. The 17th ranked (Division I) Tritons will host 
SC!!1ford at the new Rec pool this Friday aftemoon at 3 pm. Denny Harper's squad will 
try to tum the tide on a Stanford team that drowned UCSD 14-2 in the All-Cal 
tournament two weeks ago. Often excuses are c.heap, but in this case, the Triton 
humiliation was due, in la~ part, to a scheduling error. Wlvn UCSD arnved for the 
Stanford match, the Cardinal was already in the water and warmed up. Accordmg to 
Stanford, the game was to have already started. and so UCSD was given a mere five 
minutes to warm up. But was the lack of warm-up time enough to offset the 12 goal 
drubbing? According to Harper, ·We're nOl quite as raJented ~ the Stanf~rd grou~, but 
if we can get pumped up we can win it. Our &'Iys are pretty Jacked up ngm now . . The 
water polo program has experienced tremendous SUCCCSi over the past few years (10 
1981 it was tenth ranked in the country and in 1982 14th ranked) and IS coming off a 
superb showing at the Triton Invitational this pas we~nd where the va~lty won the 
tournament with wins over Division I Loyola and DiwlIon D OcCidental as well as 
patsy Grossmont College. Remarkably. the junior Valltty took second place by 
managing a tie with Occidental and a wm over Loyala, but Stanfo~ IS nOl Grossmont 
College and the Tritons win be hard pressed to pin chat much desIred revenge. We 
shaH see Friday. 

WAIT A MINUTE DEPT. When the Chargers made a deal twO years ago ·that brought 
New OrIrans wide receiver Wes Chandler to San Diego in exchange for everyone's 
favorite John Jefferson (who wound up in Green Bay), American's finest ciry rocked 
with anger. Now, dozens of Chandler caeches later, there isn't an angry Charger fan 
around, not angry over the trade anyway. Simply put, Chandler has sparkled. In his 
first full season as a Charger last year Chandler was the only Nfl receiver to catch 
passes worth more than 1,000 yards. He finished second in the AFC behind teammate 
Kellen Winslow in receptions, with 49. and second behind Marcus Allen in 
touchdowns, with nine. For his eITons Chandler was left off this year's All AFC team 
again, the wide receiver honors going to Wesley Walker and Cris Collinsworth. 
Although Chandler does not suffer from obscuriry. he is definitely undtrrated. When 
asIc£d who the best receiver in fOOlbaD is, the answer is usuaRy Dwight Clark, James 
Lofton, Collinswonh or Walker. Chandler is rarely mentioned . So while the media 
continues to gtveCollinswonh tt al the attention,Dan Fouts will jUst continue to give 
Chandler the bal. 
ON THE AIRWAVES DEPT. Surprisingly, NBC's backup team of Bob Costas and Tony 
Kubek outshone the numero uno crew of Vin Scully and Joe Gar.agiola by sticking to 
the game at hand instead of giggling on the air. There is no one better than ScuUy. but 
his partiality towards the Dodgers in the National Le~ue Championship Series was 
evidenr thoughout. Why didn't ABC take a cue fromNBC and not permit Earl Weaver 
to do Orioles games because of a conflict of Interest? Sure. Weaver is still under 
contract with Baltimore, but who do you think pays Scully to broadcast Dodger blue? 
NEXT QUESTION PlEASE DEPT. Answer to Monday's question: In the last eight 
years, how tnlny NHL Stanley cup champiOns have there been? Name them. Two: the 
Montreal Canadians (1975-1979) and the New York Islanders (1979-1983). Today's 
question: Three players in this years playoffs also made appearances in the first 
baseball!layolTs, 1969. Name the players and the teams. (Erratum: We were duly 
correcte for an error in this depanment. last week we Slated that Vida Blue was the 
last switch-hitting MVP. Although intending to do so, we failed to specify the American 
League. The answer: the ageless Pete Rose.) 
THEY ASKED FOR IT DEPT. While everyone is praising Clipper General Manager 
Paul Phipps' ingenuiry for trading Swen Nater and Byron Scott to the lakers for Norm 
Nixon and Eddie Jordan, we would like to point out a few minor inconsequential 
points. First, Nixon is a veteran with possibly two or three yea~ left. Jordan is 
unhappy. and willlike\y be traded as San Diego has an abundance of point guards. 
Nater, who seems to have recovered from his leg ailments. would have been a perfect 
backup for BiD Walton since Jerome Whitehead is better suited for power forward, and 
James Donaldson remains a question mark. As for Scott. most basketball experts felt ' 
[hat the fourth player chosen in the .1983 draft was the best college guard around. His 
outside shooting will be sorely missed from a team that lacks a scoring off-guard. 
Besides that, Scott is ten years younger than Nixon and seems ideal to play the 
defensive guard role at 6-4 220. Time will [eD whether this trade is jUst another of the 
many blunders Donald Sterling Inc. has made in the brief three years he has been in 
San Diego. 
COULD IT BE DEPT. .Although we have nOl received confirmation, sources close to us 
have revealed a major sc.tndal in this year's playoff series. not unlike the one that 
oCl:urred in 1919. It seems that some of the members of the Chicago White Sox were 
paid off to throw the five golme playoff. just as the infamous Black Sox scandal 69 years 
ago. Alter Chicago won the first game in Baltimore, oddsmakers made Baltimore 3-1 
underdogs to win the series. Apparently. huge amounts of cash went down on 
Baltimore .md in the pockets of some of the White Sox key players. Because thIS Slory 
still hilS not been confirmed publicly (a mere formality, since our source is very high 
up in the Chkago organizolllon) we c:.mnot name the individuals. But take iI look ill 
the st.lrting pI[(;hers llf g.unes two and three for Chicilgo .md their combined records 
(40-16) and a peek .1I Chicago's two leading homerun hitters (34 and 32) and analyze 
their p.lyolT perlorm.tnces. limmmmmm . 

NOTICE 
Photo-Identification Cards 

A special schedule will be observed during 'the week of 
October 17-21 for the production of photo-identification 
cards. Quonset 324 will be closed for the week and a 
traveling unit will visit the following locations: 

r------Monday, October 17-----, 
8 am-I2, Marine Facilities Conference Room 

Building 1, Point Lorna 
Tuesday, October 18 

8 am - 1 pm, Simson-Snow Conference Room 
2nd floor, UCSD Medical Center 

Wednesday, October 19 
8 am - 12, Marine Biology Conference Room 

Scripps Institution of Oceanography 
Thursday, October 20 

8 am - 12, Third College Provost's Conference Room 
#127, Third College Campus 

Friday, October 21 
8 am-I2. Urey Han Conference Room 1000 

L--___ Revelle (enter off south patio)-------' 

The sessions are open to all eligible students, staff and 
academicians. Please come prepared with appropriate 
applications completed prior to the session of your choice. 
Student applications are available in the Parking Office 
and at the Registrar's Office. Staff/academic forms may 
be obtained by calling ext. 6840r 

Beginning Monday, October 24, 1983, photo-ID cards 
will be produced in Quonset 324, Warren, on the first 
working day of each week only, between the hours of 
11:30 am to 3:30 pm. Applicable fees must be paid at the 
Cashier's Office prior to the photo session; the production 
staff can not accept payment under any circumstances. 

If you are a registered 
student or post-doc. 
you are eligible to: 

"Cover Your Bod" 
with 

Student 
Health and 

Accident Insurance 

Information and appllcatlonl are available at the 
student Health Center - 452-2123 

Insurance Rep!aeen1atlve's Hours Mondav ~ Thursc.Iav. 1:00 - 4:30 

ATTENTION! 
ALL MUIR STUDENTS: 

Muir is looking for Representatives to the follOWing 
advisory committees ... 

• Student Financial Aid Services 
• Counseling and Psychological Services 
• Student Health Services 
• Bookstore 
• Student Recreation Facility Building 
• Parking and Transpo_rtation Alternative 

ALSO: the position of 
Commissioner of Public Relations on the 

Muir College Council needs to be filled. 
What are you waiting for. GET INVOL YED 

Applications available at M.O.M. 
DEADLINE FOR APPLICATIONS FRIDAY, OCT 21 



, 

•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• • 
• 

•• • 

!COPYCOVE 
• 

15'1. DISCOUNT with thll ad • 
UCSD ID. unll 10-31-83. 

• of La Jolla 
• 
• Specialists In thesis reproduction. 

I!I Xerox copies. reductions. enlargements 
Ii] Fu II color xerox copies 
iii Full binding service. hard & soft cover 
Iil Stationers supplies. typing . '00 •• 

Mon.-Fri. 7 .~6. • 
701 Pearl St . • La Jolla. Comer of Draper • v.arl Sat. 9:()()'5:00 : 

• • • •••• ••••••• •• •••••••• 

JRo~~==-"'~ 
~ frozen SIoourl cfll/air yogurt creations 

30<: off 
any purchaee of $1.00 or more 

1030 Torrey Piaa Rd. 
at Henchel 

one per 
cu.tomer 

La JoB. 

Intramurals kick off 
By KIM HADDAD 

Since :'riday, which marked the 
beginning of inrramurals for faD, much 
has been revealed as 10 the status of 
both new and returning teams. Despite 
the to-be-expected first week disorder, 
the team tum-out was not too bad, with 
the exception of the. Ultimate Frisbee 
Leagues, where forfeits were the rule 
rather than the exception. 

As usual the footbaD leagues are 
enjoying great popularity and received a 
characteriSlicaDy good number of both 
players and spectators this weekend. 
While most of us were staying dry and 
clean during early weekend rains, 
and/or watching the NL playoffs, the 
men's footbaB teams were going aR out 
in their firSl games of the season. 
Although many outstanding players were 
involved, many of the newer teams 
couid nor hold up against the oId-
timers. A look at team scores reveals an 
unusuaDy high number of shut-outS. 

Yolk Hunt Club, despite the loss of 
three pla>~rs, looked solid in its opener, 
as it experienced litde difficulty in 
shutting down the FIft'" 27-0. 
Similarly, Plain Wrap Prophylaccics 

blanked Rock Pile 28-0. ChocolatE 
CIl)' pulled through over Haramba 
Wamon 12-0. Arid findy. Blue lucia 
(whom we would rather think of as 
Ludes for Allah) won by forfeit over the 
MllUra_n. 

In the Men's M Division, scores were 
more competitive, wish the notable 
exception of Torch.ad the FIama, 
which notched a 52-0 victory over The 
James Gan& . Coed League games 
displayed tIleir usual exciting plays and 
players; many teams showing us plavs 
we've nevcr seen before. Roor hockey 
games also revealed the Slrenlth of the 
retuming reams, most of whICh won 
their first matches. with the exception 
of Puck Me ill lite Ear '83. which was 
knocked off by RISC leer Slalom 6-0. 
Excitement can also be found latE nights 
at the pool now that inner tube water 
polo is underway. Men's and women's 
volleybal also ga1l'C us sOme thrilling first 
games this week. as did the men's 
three-on-three basketball league. The 
Uhimate Frisbee League. as previously 
mentioned. got off to a rather slow stan 
this weekend, with over half the games 
taken by £orfen. 

n.................................. ...-.. 
,-.... ............................... , ... 

........ AVNA .. POIlPOJ ... ....... 
....... --.... .. 

.. -----8MDuATD ARE ELlGIILE FOR ECFIIQ 
CERTIFICATION EXAM IN THE u.s. .. 

FfOIft i~tiaI concept throup ~letlon, Lop:on ~._ 
the opportunlry ro put your ralentl at center ltaae and be .. . 
inteaRl part of the entire creative procell In a variery 01 ' '< 
aoftware enpneeriq and computer ac:lenc:e area. 

We're the Industry pacClCttcr In lyatema and IOftware 
enalneerlna. and II auc:b, we can offer enalDecn. 

= 

nvolvement .. 
pro .... mmen, analyatl, lyatema enaineen and operatiON 
analyatl unparalleled career opportunlry and challcnac. Our 
divene ranae of ,ovemmcnt contracts allowl you ro IaCkle 
new problema and develop orIalnallOlutioDl. 

You'll work In a small team that's In direct contact with 
manaaement so your efforts will be leen, recopliud, and 
rewarded. 

Visit with our rep! efIeIltatives: 

It's yours, at Logicon. 
Thursday, November 10, 1983 

Lo,icon offen top work I", condltioDl In a modem 
It.story bulldl", which overloolu the historic San Pedro 
Harbor. Our IClentlflc: environment II enhanced with private 
and leml.prlvate offices and easy acc:_ to computer 
facilities. We allO have other offlc:es In Ohio, Utah, 
Colorado, M .... chulCttl, and Wllhlnpon, D.C. 

We're lookl", forward to meetin, with you on the 11th. 
But If you are unable to attend, please lend a resume or 
letter detalll", your experience and career dell rei to: 
Nancy Hancoc:k 
LOGICON 
255 W. 5th Street, Dept. 88V 
P.O . Box 471, San Pedro. CA 90733, (213) 83t-0611 
An Equal Opportunily Employer MIFNIH 

LOGICON 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Chinese Student Welcome Par1y. All 
rew students as well as ren.mlng 
students ale \\eIcomel Come In and 
find out the events for this coming 
year. Meet new friends. Free 
beYeraaes. snacks and a lot of funl 
Place: lntematlonal Center. Time: 
friday night. Oct. 14 from 6:30 pm to 
12 midnight. Sponsored by Chinese 
Student Association. (10/13) 
HaIIOMI8n Costumes. Create you 
own unique costume from our large 
selection of wigs. hats and old 
clothing. llYIft vrllage, 7011 Uncia 
Vista Rd. SO; 750 12th. SO; 7875 
BroadIovay, . Lemon Grove; 300 W. 
Main, B ca;on. (10/27) 
Pule Plzazzl Alilhat Jazzl FrI, Oct. 41n 
HSS 2250 of 8 & 10 ~. Tldcets ~ 
$1.75 at the bODe office. Presented by 
EMSSA. (10/13) 
Earn xtra cash. Sal Subecrlptlons to 
lIfA Today. Tempaay, eal Shayne 
qt457-2743. (10113) 
.Ju returned Peace Corps voIunteelsl COii Lcule coII9ct 213-209-7444. PC 
,.. at UCSO till 10/21. (10/20) 
~a.zed gambling at Revelle 
CQsino NIght. Tomorrow, 10/14 of & 
pm In the revelle Cafeteria. ( 10/13) 
UCSO WRESTONG TEAM 1st M£ETiNG 
'NED. OCT. 19. USB 3030A 7:OO .pm. 
QlESTIONS CAlL 45&0692 0B'tNS. 
(10/17) 
COME ONE COME All MUIR BIBlE 
STUDY & fEllOWSHIP TONIGHT MUIR 
APr. R-6. 10-11 pm. EVERYONE 
'laCOME. (1~1a) . 

FOR SALE 
Apple lie system fa' sale. Ewrythlng 
you will ... need fa'the computer. 

B.J.' 
RESALE 

Dresses, Pants, 
Blouses, Skirts, etc ... 

Bought In August. 569-4951. (10/20) 
UnIv. CIty West End 4 BR, 1 ~ SA. 
attrac. Home Asaum. 11" VA Loan. 
Real ba~ln $139.000. 455-7195. No 
agents. (10/13) 
1972 Datsun 510 wgn 4spd runs 
greatl Ecooomlcal. DrIve It you'll buy 
It. $1600. 452-9044 ex 729-7620. 
(10/13) 
For Sale: Large collection of Spanish 
classics In excellent condition. 459-
7824.(10/13) 
Must sell soonl 1978 Honda CB750 
w/wlndjammer rv & seat bock good 
for school commute. Phil 453-0752. 
(10/17) 
For sale: Motorcycle Yamaha XT500 
1981. brought all the way from 
France; coli tony at (619)457-4808. 
$1CXXl 01 best offer. (10/13) 
Ralph Lauren Polo & otherflne men's 
wear suits coats shirts blacktles worn 
before & cheap at resole. For sizes & 
p1ces coli 459-5232. No jeans. 
(10/13) 
1979 Triumph Convertible TR7 
AM/FM, 23.(XX) miles. good tires/top 
SfJDJ/offer call 274-5339. (10/13) 
Electronic portable typewriter by 
Brother. Excellent condition. Must sell 

• this week. $100. Contact Canole of 
Gualdlan x3466. (10/13) 
For sale camera Cannon A-1 model 
with pc»'8I' winder and flash. Lens 
1.8-50 mm. $400 ex belt offer. Can 
nlgh1sfa' Tony 457-4808. (10/13) 
HondO Hawk 400, 1979 good 
condition S650 ex best offer ca/l455-
9535, evenings. (10/17) 

HOUSING 
Large Room In a nice house with 
fireplace and irXJCIouI ycvd. 481 
MaIView Solana Beach. $267 mo. first 
and last plus $100 deposit. Cal MIke 
- Physics grad; Larry - Lit 

$5.00 OFF 
on any purchase 

over $25.00 
8.J.'s RESALE 

755-0551 
243 No. Hwy. 101, 

Solana Beach 

undeIQIad. (Male ex female Is OK). 
481-8f69. (10/13) 

WANTED 

OYfRSEAS JOBS - Summer 1 year 
round. ElI0p8, S. Amer.. Australia, 
AsIa. All FIelds. $500-$1200 monthly. 
SIghtseeing. Free Info. WrIte 1JC Box 
52 - CA - 19 Gaona Del Mar, CA 
92625. (10/27) 
Wanted: Male volunteers with 
presently symptomatic nasal 
allergy, for studies of the 
etrecttveness of a rew injectable 
and a rew nasal medication. For 
appointment or further Information 
please phone 452-4156 (8 am to 4 
pm). Volunteers ale paid up to $50. 
(10/17) 
Help Wanted: Part time houseclean-
Ing In Del Mar - S5 an hour. Call 
Randy 01 Erik 481.Q271. (10/13) 
Staff merrt>er 01 other to cooch-
sponsor UCSD wrestling team. No 
pay. If Interr.ted cal Demls 455-
0692.(10/13) 

SERVICES 

\NORD PROCESSING - Top Qualty 
WOO<. Theses/Diss. Exper. all formats. 
Tapes/Edit. Vista, 726-3087.(10/13) 
Typing - theses, dissertations, 
technical. Fast/ accura1e. low rates. 

~.22~~Moe.(1OV13). 
Need a typist? Reasonable, Sl:SPJEe",eddy, 
accurate. Call Kathie 576-1277 
anytime. Guaranteed Service. 
(10/31) 
TRAFFIC CLASSES, Court CJppr'OYed. 
Satudays, Sundays. EYenlngs held 

........: WHICH COSTS MORE? 

Ocwocr 13. 1983 15 

of UnlY8rSI1y To.vne Centre, MIssIon 
Valley, and La Mesa. Registration 
565-1767. (10/17) 

PERSONALS 
To all my dear friends of the 
Gualdlan, of the Che Cafe and the 
Student Center - thank you so 
much for your cards, letters and most 
of all your moral support. Nothing 
can replace my friends. Undo. 
(10/13) 
HEY PETEr-l PAUL AND JAMESI BE 
THEREI MUIR BIBLE STUDY TONITE MUIR 
APr. R-6. 10 pm BRING THOMAS TOOl 
(10/13) 
Todd Unch - Ron Bender! Roses ale 
pink, violets are orange. YOU'Ie the 
best brothel's ever born. Luv Rees -
TKE. (10/13) 
Happy 21st John - I W'Os going to 
give you a kiss but I know how much 
you enjoy PB&.J burritos. I'll leave It up 
to you. Enjoy drowning your 
happiness. It's your tum this Thurs. Luv 
Rees. (10/13) 
Sociology Club Orientation Mon. 
Oct. 173:00 pm HSS 3009. Come be 
Involved In the fun and planning tor 
the coming year. Refreshments . 
(10/17) 
Clyde: Don't forget to meet me at 
R8Y8I1e Casino Night - tomorro.v of 
8 pm In the Revelle Cafe. - Bonnie. 
(10/13) 
There W'Os a young 'NOITlOn from 
UCSO 
IMlO a neLl'osurgeon would be, 
But too much dancing at night 
Made her grode just a sight 
So WONED helped her find a reN 
goal. tor fleel (10/13) 
"Unbellevablel WONED for a whole 
monthr (10/13) 
STEP Is eafIy this year. 
Be an early bird ... 
Don't mlalt. (10/13) 

o TWO DbRM-siZE PIZZAS 
o FOUR 6-PACKS 
o SOUTHWESTERN CABlE TV A MONTH. 

Answer: They aI cost about the sane. $11.66 a month. Thafs the 
Southwestern Cable TV uprIseI Crystal clear reception of 
San DIego and Los Angeles stations. ESPN. MTV, and many 
more specialty services. And. the option to add Home Box 
OffIce and stereo service (a must for MTVI) 
If you passed the test - corvatulatlonsl Cal usI If not, cal 
us c:JrYo{WaV. We believe In second chances. 

691-1220 
Vou'. be starting the school yea oft smatl 

.................................................................................. 

Southwestern Cable TV 
YOlt. Be SUrprised At What You See! 

• 50% OIlnstakillonl 
695-3220 

• Offer expires October 15 
Good In serviceable areas 
oriti. prinaIy outtet ortv. 



.. 

" 
" 

_ ... 

. . 

, 

,'. 

. ~ ,., - ~" " , .; ~"'. .. . . .~ .' 
~.e,.1\~"''''.:4''\~'''''''''(h", .~ ~ 1_~ • ~~.; , r.. 1....... \, fl. 'f -. ..."..~~ ... I -n .' 

This is your chance to see Digital's personal computers in action. Stop 
by the University Bookstore for "DEC DAYS" on October 17 & 18 and 
let us introduce you to Digital's affordable personal computers: The 
Rainbow 100, Professional 350, and DECmate II. We will be offering a 
special 200/0 discount off Digital's 
regular price to students, faculty, and, 
staff members. That could mean a savings 
of over $800. So come by and join the 
celebration. And find out exactly what a. I I 
Personal computer can do for you. 

University Bookstore 
University of California, San Diego 
Computer/Electronics Department 

452·4291 

:. 

, . 

, , 



An Arts Magazine Serving the UCS Commu,1'ty 
Vol. 4. No. 3 Oct. 13. 1983 

Laura 
Dean 
Dancers 
TWisting W 
tum.ing a 
UCSD. 

( 

= 

, . 



.. 

The Magazine 
of the '80s 

~tor 
Al'lDRfW K[W~R 

AseocIIIte ArtI [dltor 
JOHI'! I'!f:f: 

WrIters 
PlIKr: AHI'! . JAI'! BRf:S-

~r:R. CH~TOPHr:R CMOIL 
JOAI't roRSBeRG. ROM HU, MS. 
Hum (Ganknlng), PAUL 1If. 
JOI'!r:s, CLYDeI'!r: I'!U 

• 

Nil/us is published every 
Thursday of the Khoo. yur as a 
su ppltment to tile U(SD 

GUAfI)~". Reproduction or \IX 
without written permission ohny 
portion or this IIIIQlZlnc Is a no-
no. We welcome unsolicited 
letters. IIIInuKripts and artwork. 
but assume no responsibility for 
the return of such. Send 
information 10: 

HIATUS 
IHll6. ~ Jolla 

(a .. 9209'} 

""<1 thaI, I he racl. Jackl 

(ontents 
Cover: Laura Dean, one of to-
day's most innovative 
choreographer/composers. will 
perform Saturday at UCSO. Deans 

• performance will include several 
pieces choreographed to her own 
original music. for more 
infonnation see the story on 
page 5. 

Bob's Book Report .... , page 2 
David 8rin, former UCSD 

student and author ofSundiveris a 
critic and member of the 
community of SCience. 
living Dange~ ..... page 3 
Queen for A "Igbt .... page;, 

AtomOfe ... . ......... page 4 
Composers of new music at UCSD 

have but one open platform to 
purvey their music. Atomicafe 
brings together the most open 
aspects of creation and 
performance art. Atomlcafc' will 
perform this friday. 

8ig (bills ............. page 5 
The Big Chilbffers a10t of the 

questions that were raised by the 
idealistic values of the sixties. A 
comedy taklbg the lives of a group 
of frlends,seperated for two 
decades, suddenly reuniting them 
and comparing their lives. 

Now Playing 

2 nWu October 13, 1983 

12:30 - 3:00 - 5:30 - 8:00 - 10:30 
Excklslve Eapgement 

1a"lIn -.1111 ••• Mo •• .., III ....... frld., 
.., ..... rt ...... ne ..... n .... lie,., • 
• : ....... S.lu, • ..,. Itt ... rt ..... n •• 

..., . ...... 1' . . ... 111 ....... llIllIy , 110 
....... n_~ ... . 

Bob's Book Report 

Brin in oUler space 
By ROHIlT aMf 

Dave Brln 15 a hot property In the world of science IIctlon, How hot? • 
Well, he has both a story and a Jay Jay Klein BJolog future In the 
November Analog. his story "1be Postman," lost a Hugo award to a 
story by Joanna Russ by nine votes out of 1500, and his new newel, 
Startide Rising. Is Bantam Books' lead title tor this fali. It Is hard for . 
one to get any hotter. 

I was surprbed to ftncI a penon wtt:b tllest credentials .Ing books 
at UCSO's own bookstore, although I didn't know his credits were that 
high. When IIrIn calmly told me all of this, I started thinking, "Don't 
people like this live only In new Yark?" 

1"10, they don·t. It semas. Brln, who once was a UCSD graduate 
student and who DOW works with the california Space hlstltute bere at 
UCSD, Is just a scientist who writes great science fk:tIon. 011 a ward 
processor, with rewrites. "I believe very much In mvrtta."~ saJcI. 

brln Is concerned about science and scae..ce education. Itt lias 
bught physics at SOSU and talked at length about that eJperienc:e. "I 
remember what It (being a student) felt like, so I try to keep the 
students ft'orn gasping," he began. "BaIdcs. I think a lot of stuc:lau 
are turned off on science and math on.,. because It·s taught In a very 
dry way. In both my teaching and my science fiction, I want to give a 
feeling that science Is a rn9»r part of our lives and should be fun If 
possible:' 

1be subject then turned to cover art, which Is said by some science 
fiction readers to be the worst thing that ever happentd to science 
fiction (along with the blurbs on the back cover). When asked If cover 
artists are supposed to read the book before doing the art. Brtn said, 
'They're supposed to. I've been very lucky." 

I asked If he knew members of IJam Star, the UCSD 1CfaK:e fiction 
club. "I know them fairly well," he saki. 

I then went to the MIln Drag and collared a. Dark Star ~ who 
reads science fiction periodicals. According to him, b's Iltest stary, 
'Tank-farm Dynamo," displays a love 01 scJence. He described It .. I 
piece of propaganda for the california Space Institute's dram of 
taking Space Shuttle fuel tanks Into orbilit should alto be fun to reacl. 

\ • • .'~ ., k • • •• <" 

'H I Illt',,>< )r' ,Ii 1\ l{ Hi'f 1 'AI /\\ ~ 1\ 
. .' ., . ". 

. ,..... . ' . 

. --- - ... A-,ll,h) 

-TONIGHT 8 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium y 

$2.00 
___ UCSD Central Box Office, 452-4559 ----

ror quite a while It his bun 
1Cc:epUd that ~. espedaDy 
t:ngIud, II the place to look for 
new IMlue5 fA music. 11ds lias 
been a downfaU for many AmaIcan 

dill In thIt they 111ft pIObIans 
III betng accepted In their 0lIIl 
c:oumy. n.. __ to lac a 
catain wOfIIgesI tbr ~ 
to Usten to AmaIcan music. Queen 

Ida and the b Tanps Zydeco 
IIIIDd hlR beeI placed In the 
. PCJI'IItian of hIYIna to look cwer:as 
In orela' to establllh I QIUI'. 

QueaI Ida Is the IIrst female 

leader of a Zyd«o bind. Zyckco Isa ' 
.... que combl .. tIon of CKoIe. 
black. and cajun traditional musk. 
Quealldl wi" play SUnday at 8:30 
~m. rorDlCft InfocaJI452-4090 . . 

Dean is dancing to a different· beat 
B)' IIIARI DE VOL 

Spinning. stamping. chanting 
nonsensically ucI walking In 
dn:Ies, sq .. res, and triangles are 
ICtiom that one might a!lOdatE 
with chlldml'sgamesouensltlvlty 
group eJen:iaes rather than daDce. 
nowever, Laura Dun, a 
choreogmpher and composer who 
will perfonn with her dance troupe 
on campus Saturday night. has 
made quite a name for herselfasan 

established Innovator In dance 
techllq. by IIICOI'JICHaUng these 
my movements. 

Set to her own music, Dean's 
dances are smooth, mechanical, 
and energetic pieces tIIat cIepeIId a 
great deal on repdJtlOft and 
simplicity br thdr appal. Yet they 
are never duD or overdone. I'.adI 
movement Is a brilliantly 
conceived transition to the one 
that follows, making the 

performance an Intensely "tight" 
work of art. The clancersaU ranaln 
on stage for an entire piece (which 
can last as long as 90 mlnutesl, 
gliding through geometric 
connguratlons, stamping their 
feet. weaving through complex 
patklm Into simple, stralghtfor-
want ones. and spinning through 
the air, a move that has become 
Deal's trademark. 

tier work has been called 

"tribal" and "hypnotic," while 
others SI, It bonows from the folk 
dances of many cOWlbies. Some 
!Imply !ly they don't like It. 
Thm's really no way to describe 
the fudnatJng blend of simple 
repetWon and chaotic Intensity In 
her performances. 

Dean pertbnns Saturday at 8 pm 
In Manlevllle Auditorium. Tickets 
are $10 for general admission and 
$6 for students. 

'Dangerous' 
film screens 
here tonight 

By CLm~rI! nn 
There seems to be an Invasion 

from the "land down under" In 
almost every facet of arts, 
media, music, and most 
recently, sports. One of the early 
pioneers In .Austnllan film Is 
director Pekr Weir, whose IIIIm 
ft'om the 70s, PIcnic It lIanglng 
Rock. 71te Last w.ue and 
Cilllllpoli have bmmIe classics 
to the film audience of this 
country. ~ 

Wel(s most recent film Is The 
Yur of Ul1ing DangerolLSlg, 
which stars Jllel Gibson (ofRold 
WlmOl3. and Gallipoli) and 
Sigourney Weaver (best known 
for her roles In Alien and I!ge 
WItness): Is a look at the 
development of a young 
reporter during a period of civil 
war and upheaval In 1965 
IndoMSIa. 

The film begins with a 
monologue by the film's 
principal character, Billy Kwan, 
a dwarf-like eurasian 
cameraman, who has more 
sensitive Insight Into life 
around him than the people of 
normal size. 

Though billed as a romantic 
drama between the two lead 
characters played by Gibson and 
Weaver, the true story revolves 
around the friendship that 
exists between Mel Gibson's 
charcrter, Guy Hamilton, and 
8111y Kwan. rrom the 
beglnnnfng of the 111m you 
watell the development of a 
clQIK bond between these two 
Indlvldlllls who IR trying to 
make It In the world of 
journalism. 

The ftIm has the usual 
touches of Weir's fantastic e~ 
for cinematography, which 
makes the film beautiful to 
watch. Coupled with this Is a 
musical score by composer 
Maurice Jam. who wrote the 
now classic theme music for 
UuJR!nce of AnIbia. 

The film will be shown in 
Mandeville Auditorium tonight 
at 8 pm. Tkkets are $2 at the 
Central 80x Office. 

October 13, 1983 ...... l 



" 'Hamler has 
thrills and 
chills for all 

By JAIIItS BALm r.ur 
Ambroise Thomas' Ifam/et 

has on or two token phrases of 
Shakespeare Inserted into It but 
for the most part It abandons 
the intellectual stimulation of 
the words for tile fUn of the plot. 
This Is consistent with the 
music. which Is a mixture of 
Berlioz and Sir Arthur Sullivan 
- Cannen meets the Yeomen 
of the Guards. And there Is the 
extJa adventure of the revolving 
set which includes spills with 
the already provided chills. This 
is the sort of color that opera 
should have. 

.. 1bere are some disappoint-
ments. We never get to see the 
Ghost of Hamlet's father. who 
merely sings from offstage. 
When Hamlet stares at the 
Ghost he stares at us. which 
brings up images of the Charles 
Addams cartoon where the 
audience is. with the star on the 
screen. turning horrlHed looks 
to the back of the theater. And 
although William Justus. who 
plays Hamlet. has a beautiful 
voice, one wishes for the 
dramatic energy of Sherrill 
Milnes. whom Justus replaced. 
RoseMarie frenl's Queen 
Gertrude. however. Is In voice 
and manner a frightening and 
fclscinating character. 

Again, as last fortnight. one 
must take Issue with the 
costuming. In Lohengrin the 
chorus looked as If they had 
come from a Shrlner's ball: In 
Ifamlet the Impression is of a 
debutante dance of the honest 
townspeople in their night-

please 111m to PilIge 6 

r--·-;-jUNE:[jPSPECiAi-**----. 
INCLUDES: Adjust volves • most cars, neo.v plugs. service battery, check compression. check 
cooling system, adjust corourator, set timing, BY APPOINTMENT. 

$29 $49 $59 
OATSUN. TOYOTA, HONDA VOlVO •• cyt .• DASHER. ALfA - ROMEO - • cyt., 

t· CARS.". -cyt. (MOST MODELS) RAIIIIT. RAT. TRIUMPH, MG 
SUN PERFtf.MAU -REPA1RI~~r:l3~ 

Engine <Nerhauls. Ring & Va~e Jobs; 578.8536 Brcice W~~PLfrE ~~.ClutChes. 
I 9555-C Black Mountain Road bp1re111·1-13. J ~-------------------------------

"Q -c: 
G.unel AV(' 

:-

vG oc Gr,lIld AVI! 
~ 'J\ ~o PB J> Thor"'" Ave ~ 

4 IIUlu October n. 1983 

SPECIAL 

% PRICE 
HAIRCUTS! 

NellllU. 

Pe,.".. 
483-6721 

, 4288 Cass St. 
Call for Appollltmel1t 

Atomlcafe: 
music and 
promotion 
In popular culturt the Idea of 

new music Is usuaUy confused with 
the genres of music meant for mus 
media appeal. WhIle much or the 
music thlt Is being produced tocIaJ 
Is Innontive II the .... that It Is 
motivating change (rom one bald 
to anotIIer. It Is by no means 
adventurous In Its approach. 
r.uentJaUy the nullic Industry 
mu.t be cODduc;ted In a 
bualnealUke IIIIIUIer and ~aot 
.0Id to dewIte .... amounts of 
capital In order to promote music 
that will not gain quick 
acceptance. 

This leaves tile duty of 
promotion to the artists 
themselves. ID a few cases 
persistence hat. off and led to 
attIcal and a certatn IJIIOUIIt of 
popu .... appeal (man-da QaIas. 
MertcUth Monk. KIll .. 1'tomJ). ~ 
some popular artists hue 
laadIed off Into some muskal 
expe .... ldltatIon ( Robert 1'rIpp. 
BrIan Eno. Peter OIbrId I. 

UCSD has one or the most 
sopillsticatal centers for musJcal 
expatment In the world. The Caller 
for MusIcal f.JIpatmatt (CME I goes 
be)'ODd uplorIng the nature of 
melodies and Into tile natuR of 
sound IbeIr. 

nae products of CPU:'s drorts aR 
periodically gathered Into a 
pafonnuce forum knon IS the 
MD .. c.... The ...... Is 
sponsored by tile Music 
Department and purve}'S all that 
may be dubbed new. 

The main thing to rananber 
willie attending Atomkafe Is to 
keep an opeD mind. ror the most 
pIIt the IOUnds art: entJRly froIII 
anyone's ~ concepts or music. 

Alomkart will pafonn I'rfday .. 
tile PllndevlUe REdtaI Hall, .... 

~ Is no cbIIge for admission. 
for man: Information call 452-
3229. 

CINEMA 21 
~:")'._!i~i'o'. 

Wann memories 
from a 'Big Chill', 

By CHRISTontEIL CAnOl! 
How can you Judge your over the )aI'S. JIIembers of the 

values today as to their quality. generation who enteRd young 
and can these values sustain you adulthood as idealistic non-
throughout your life? Is the confonnfsb. they are now. tor 
quality of Individual values the most PlIt. members of the 
determlJled by .ubJectlve establishment. 11Ie young mal 
personal feelings. the objects bave "grown up" to ba:ome a 
you produce and own, or the running-shoe store entrepre-
people In JOUr II~? JIIaybe neur. I joanallst for I popular 
quality cannot be Independent- magazfM. a television star. and 
Iy related to you. your a drugdealer.11Ie women of the 
possessions. or your friends. but group have become a doctor. a 
can only be found In the lawyer. and the wife of a 
relationships between you and blBlnessman. 
your world. Quality Is not a Suddenly and unexpectedly. 
thing: It Is an event. 1be events this group of old college friends 
of the '60s have frequently been Is reunited at the fUneral of one 
used as a comparison to of their own. who has 
evaluate todays values. But the committed suklde. He was a 
movie The IJig Chili questions drop-out who. In their earlier 
the validity of the '60s values yars. had served as their 
and the confusion caused by COIIectiR conscJence. Stunned 
trying to live today while stili by the loss. each cbanIcter 
attached to qualities of a pas comes to the reunion with a 
era. deep need to -.,tabI1sh the 

The IJIg Chili Is a comedy of bond ofcartngthey once shmd. 
values and a compassionate Metaphorical meanlags 
testimonial to the members of JaOIIIte throughout The Jig 
the baby boom. 11Ie characters Chill. from the obvious 
are all products of the baby reference to the group's own 
boom. the greatest single surge mcnllty (strongly reinforced by 
In population growth In United their reunion). to the cooling of 
States history. OVer 80 million ldeallstfc nres In the face of 
births were recorded In the more calculated self-Interest. 
nation between the mld-'40s DIe reunion provides each an 
and the mld-·80s. OVer the opportunJty to ~vah.te his or 
decades. this bulge In the ller own 1ft and to I88eSS the 
population has been labeled prospects b the fUture within 
"the Spubtlk generation." "the the safe. supportlve company of 
love generation." "the old college trICIIcIs. 
Woodstock generation." and Uke Its IndlYldual members. 
"the me generation:' .., a '4 atJon lOG throqgb 

DIe CUllRllatlYe ferce of this ...... ,... as It lIIOVeIi 110m 
unique phenomenon has )VUtII.., adultlloall.rtD middle 
affected every thread In the and old age. Unlike earlier 
complex and rfchly textured generations, which wac forced 
fabric of Amerlcan society. to cope with pre-Industrial 
I'rom the home to the society. cfvll war. frontier 
workplace to eftry educational. haldshlps. economic ~pres­
religious. social. and political stOll. and two wtJrld _IS. the 
Institution. tile baby boom boom bibles _re raI a !Itt.acIy 
generation has left Its Indelible diet of optimism and unlimited 
mark. ~hnologlcal. social. lad 

The !lory concerns a group of «OI*II1c possibIUtia. 
college housemates from the Their Pltents wen: the 
late '60s who have drifted apart survivors who ckbted the 

demons of the GRat Depression movement and others. all 
aDd overcame the "forces of emerged from a deeply rooted 
darkness" to win the Second system or beliefs which was the 
World War. 'I11ey were the men essence of the AmerIcan Dream. 
and women whose ethks of hard ~nce Kalan. director and 
work and unfalUag patriotism co-writer. approache's the 
made the world safe for central Issue of outdated values 
democracy and made the United Iilclng his contemporaries In a 
Stata the most powerful nation very subtle ~t penetrating way. 011.'" A __ of cIea&Iny .. "The Bill Chill d~1s with 
wrutet ibis bVerJjOWaIRg members ~ my generatfOaWho 
natlonaf cOnScfolBDess alii have also cUscoven:d that nat 
fUeled. tile eJPedltlons of an everythlRg tlley wantN Is 
entire generation whose belief possjbie. that not every Ideal 
In the "myth II of Amerfca all but they believed in has stayed In 
smothered the reality. I'or them the forefront of their Intentions. 
the "AmerIcan Dram" was real. It Is about a cooling process 

The dream began to crack In that takes place fer every 
the slltfes. no single eRnt generation when they move 
slpaled the dramatk changes from the outward-dlrected. 
01 the decade. but the", more ldeallStk concerns of 
Issues. such as the civil rights their youth to a kind of self-
movement the protests against absorption. a self-Interest which 
the war In Vietnam. the women's places theJr perso .. 1 desires 

CAN WU BUY GOOD TASTE? 
Yes! Now you can acquire pxi taste for a 
couple of bucks. Just wear shirts and visors 
that s;q "Dos Equis." After all, those 
are foreign words. And anyone in coli. 
knows people who wear stuff with foreign 

words and alligators have good taste. 
So, order your kind of good taste in Dos 

Equis sportswear today. And remember to 
eat your peanut butter and jelly sand-
wiches over the sink. 

above those of the society or 
even an Ideal. 

"In a speculative way. the 
baby boom generation may be 
victim of its own history. 
victimized by the quantum 
leaps In technology and 
communications. by the social 
tremors of raefal conftict the 
threat of global nuclear war. and 
the nightmarish years of 
Vldnam and Watergate. Lost In 
the juggernaut of history Is that 
essential glimmer of hope. that 
willingness to believe In a great 
fUture. The Big Chill confronts 
this elusive spectre of lost hope 
which haunts the baby boom 
generation." 

The hope and quality of the 
sixties could baR survived had 
thm been a more widespread 
commitment a lesson for all 
generations 

.§§§§§ 
I I I I I 
~~~Hl~ 
cncncncnc;; 

OIMl __ 1.A. 

October ll. 1983 "...." 5 



.. 

SD Opera 
conti.1Ied from page 4 
gowns, disturbed from their 
evenlng's rest It Is also dlft1cult 
to comprehend that the 
shepherds are shepherds when 
they dress like the courtiers. 
Queen Gertrude's blooded and 
black gown. however. Is as 
expressive as her voice. 

Assorted Vinyl Report 
Rumor has It that Wham (as In "Young Guns (Go 

for It)" and "Bad Boys") is going to follow suit with 
all popular bands and split up. The female members 
will be going to the Style Council •.. The new Yes 
album with John Anderson is due in Assorted Vinyl 
some time next week. . • rtew releases this week 
Include: Uonel Richie, new Uue Doors, a double Jam 
compilation, and the new John Cougar album. 

Civil rights movement 
film plays at museum 

If you like bloody. dark and 
Incatuous passion accompa-
nied by jolly music and all at 
reasonable prices. you will e'1loy 
Itamlet. I did. And the last night 
to eqjoy it 00 Is this Saturday. at 
8 pm. Scholars should be 
warned that there Is little hint of 
Intellectualism and less of 
dryness. 

• 

m 

Top five Sales 
Introducing Stgle Council style Coundl 
Labor of Looe UMO MM • 
More run In The Westem World X Asylum 
Punch The Clock OrIs Costello CBS 
Speaking in Tongues Talldag Hads Sire 

Sit-In, an award-winning 
documentary film on the early 
civil rights movement, screens 
Wednesday at 7:30 at the La 
Jolla Museum of Contempcory 
Art with Cortille C&sc/no, Slelly, 
another short documentary. 
They represent the news-feature 
documentary in the Museum's 
continuing elllllination of the 
documentary genre. 

Both Sit-In and Sicily are the 
work of writer/director Robert 
M. Young. who received the 
Ptabody and the George Polk 

• awards In 1960 for Sit-In. SIcily 
which was filmed in 1961 and 
dealt with po~rty In the 

. A crash course 
~tica1 • 

Sicilian slums. was considered 
too powerfUl for the American 
public by rtBe, which produced 
It, and was never released In the 
United States. 

Young began his career 
writing and directing certain 
editions 01 the /Yle White 
Paper. 11M: two documentaries 
were part of that program. He Is 
now best known for his feablre 
films, which Include AWrtbn. 
"." Rich Kid.s. and One-Trick 
PonJl. 

The series Is shown In the 
Museum auditorium. Admission 
Is $.5, for seniors and students 
n. ror Info call 454-lMI. 

r--------------~ // I 
~/ I 
\ I::: :rrow $10,000. No, I haven't been smoktng those tunny I 
I cigarettes. I just figUred out a way to get me out of this noisy dorm and 

. - save you money. I I I figured it all out, and for what you're paying for me to live I 
, on campus, we could almost be paying monthlies on a condominium at 

I Boardwalk, which is just steps away from " campus right here in La Jolla. 
It's got tennis, a monster pool, built-II ins, and it'll be a great place to study. And L, 

if you send me skiing over quarter break, \ , 
you and Mom can use it too. I I b~~~~ , 

I and check out Boardwalk with me. " Prices start at Just $105,900, which '/ I I know from my Econ classes I 
I is a good deal for property I in La Jolla. I In fact, you'll proba- I 
, 

bly get back the cost of my 
college education from tax bene- I I fits and the appreciation in the I 

I condo's value. Don't you think that's a pretty I I intelligent move, Dad, and isn't that what you I I sent me to college for? ,0 lie I \ 
'

V (sign your name here) 
, \ 

" \ L: 
-----------.1 ---- .... -- Boardwalk/La Jolla. Fine homes from $105,900. 

Very attmctive below market 30 year fixed interest mte available. 
Sales Office: 8840-102 Villa La Jolla Drive. (619) 457-2160. 

~ ~~ ~ A O(!\l'I0plllent of THE DOUGLAS ALLRED COMPANV __ 
6 nlMu October 13, 1983 

There has been a move In recent 
years toward finding a more ethnic 
balance within the arts In our 
society. This Is exemplified by the 
InCreasing acceptance In the arts 
community of Third World 
Influences In modem culture. The 
benefUs or this move havt been 
twofold. As well as expanding the 
tools with which artists may work 
within specific media. today's 

. writers. painters, and composers 
are now able to create without 
denying their cultural heritage. 

california. and especially San 
Diego, Is a large melting pot of 
ctlltural heritages. How could we 
deny the strong Innuences of 
Hispanic culbft on our liwal' In 
Older to purvey the vast pool of . 
talent that Is present In 
American/Hispanic: culture. Teabo 
JIteta. a special theater company, 
has beat formed to bring together 
previously untapped talents In a 
productlvt medium. 

Teatro Meta·s nrst major 
production, Rene Marque's Los 
Soles 1hIncos (The '-"llgltl$), will • 
be presented In a varfed schedule of 
both tngllsh and Spanish 
perfonnances. Los Soles 1hIncos 
focuses on three sisters who llavt 
cloistered themselves In a 
decaying mansion for ~y ,ars 
and are sudclenly folUd to deal 
with the reality of the future. 

Los Soles 1hIncos will be 
running !'rom October 19-30 on the 
casstus carttr Center Stage at 
Simon FAlIson Centre ror the, 
Perfonnlng Arts In Balboa Park. ror 
mOft Information call 239-2255. 

• • • 

A comic book show will be held 
this weekend at Parkway Bowl. 1be 
show will be a mini convenUon Ax 
comic collectors to buy. seD, and 
back vintage books. ror mOft h., 
call 448-4111. 

.... 

• 

~ery Halloween It has been a tradition In nightmares. Scream In the Dark stili 
San Diego for people to get together and maintains a traditional Halloween 
organize "Scream In the Dirk," a haunted abnosphere to ensure a good time for all. 
house that Is open f'roIII October 14 through Scream In the Dark Is open from 6:lO until 10 
Halloween. While not being the type of pm and is located at Clalremont Mesa Blvd. 
haunted house one finds In typical and Highway 805. Admission Is only $l.75. 

fIces In~",.tlOIIIIL a talent 
magazine circulated throughout 
the acting and modeling Industry, 
will be conducting a seminar on the 
criteria for breaking Into 
profationalwork.1be seminar will 
deal wltII the ~ aspects of 
mocIdIng and acting: modeling 
talent walldDg. and reading copy 
Ibr work In commercials, to IIIIne a 
few. 11I1s seminar Is I'Ift and will be 
held Monday at 8 pm at the La Jolla 
Village Inn. 

• •• 

Scripps Institution of 
Oceanography celebrates Its 80th 
annl~rsary today with an open 
bouse. Special lectures, exhibits, 
and flllM are available to the 
public as well as self1lulded tours 
or the labs.the aquaria. and the' 
pier. ror IIIOIt Information call 
452-3624. 

Gary lAmg's exhibit of collages 
and paintings opened ' this past 
Slturday and will be running 
through november 19 at the Quint 
Gallery, 664 Ninth Avenue. 
downtown. ror more IrtronnaUon 
on this show call 239-8592. 

A lecture on sex discrimination 
and television will be given by 
Otrlstlne CIaIt. Craft recentlyWCIna 
sex discrimination suit agalMt 
Metrornedla which recaatly made 
news. The talk will be held tonight 
at 6:JO pm at the f.lecutlvt Hotel 
Cuyamaca Cub, 1055 I'Irst Avtuue. 
ror reservatioM call 265-2728. 

• • • 

1be Second Annual rllm restlval 
for Women's Opportunities Week 
will be held October 18, 19. and 20. 
On Tuesday noted nlm crItk and 
columnist Judith Crist will 
Introduce A Letter to Three Wloe.!, 
starring Jeanne Crain, Ann 
Southern, and Uncia Darnell. 
Wednesday's program will feature 
Karen Black fielding questlom 
from the audience at a screening of 
one of her films. On ThUBday Dr. 
Beverle Houston, director of 
attlcal studies for USC's Division or 
Cinema and Television. will 
Introduce I'flldted Pfe~e. starring 
Joan Crawford. 

The festJval Is free and will run 
from 7:30 to 10 pm at the Old 
Globe Theater. ror reservations call 
Dottle Tucker at 2JO.4874. 

• • • 

The award-winning film, Cry 
of the Wild, will be shown at the 
rtatural History Museum on 
Saturday and Sunday, October 
15 and 16 at 2:00 pm. 

Director-photographer Bill 
Mason spent three dlmcult 
years In some of the most 
remote areas of canada's 
northern wilderness to film this 
true story of the canadian wolf, 
an animal that Is truly the 
essence of the wilderness and 
the spirit of the wild. 

Museum admission Is now 
$2.50 for adults and SM for 
children aged 6 through 17. 
Viewing the fUm Js Included In 
the admission charge. 

••• 

The Washington Post calls fran 
lebowitz "the funniest woman 
In AmerIca." The /Yew York 
Times has described her as "an 
unlikely and perhaps alarming 
combination of Mary Hartman 
and Mary McCarthy with a dose 
of Huck rlnn and Lenny Bruce." 
Students wll have the 
opportunity to see this talent at 
7:.50 tonight at the San Diego 
Museum ofPlodem Art In Balboa 
Park. Lebowitz, author of the 
two best sellers, Metropolitan 
Ute and Social Studies. is 
widely regarded as one of the 
country's most gifted satiric 
essayists. 

••• 

In conjunction with 
Symphony Weekend, the San 
Diego Symphony Orchestra 
Association will repeat Its 
tremendously popular "Quarter 
rtote Clusle" in Balboa Park on 
Saturday, October 29. 

DIS C 0 V 
"k\JillA~!P.AGE S,~= 

AND BE DISCOVERED! 

455·7 

1·5 TO GILMAN DR .• RIGHT ON VIlLA LA JOLLA DR. 

5 plays for the price of 4! 
Students pay as little as $17.00 -

only $3.40 a play! 

Our Town 
Love's Labour's Lost 

Venice Preserved 
The Playboy of the Western World 

Greek 
Selection in Progress 

Mandell Weiss Center for the Performing Arts 
and the UCSD Theatre 

Call the UCSD Department of Drama at 452~3793 or 
visit the Promotions Office, HL Room 3451 for a 

copy of your Dramatic Difference brochure! 

October ll. 1981 n,.",. 7 



~!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!~ UCSD Events Office presents !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I 

v£i\~ 
vi\"NC 1Cli\~S N\USl 

October 15, Saturdav, 8:00 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 

UCSD Stu. $6.00, G.A. $10.00 
UCSD Fac/ Staff/ other Stu. & Sr. $8.00 

&iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii Ticketron or UCSQ Box Office: 452--4559 
The UCSD Uai~ty E ... 1a OffIce 

8 nWu October Il, 198J 

UCSD's University Events Office 
needs your help. Your ideas, talents 
and limitless energy are needed to 
make this an event-filled year. So 
get involved, join the committees, 
help plan, publicize, and produce 

events for the coming year. 

YOU 'Make It ~app~nl 
UCSD's IJnlverslty bents OtIIce Is located In 
BuUdlng "6" of the Student" Center. Our pbone 
number 15 452-4090, and we are open during the 

noon hour for your convenience. 


