


2 Thursday, Od 'I, 198'1 

A new theory on cell propenies is 
offering some clues to cancer and IS 
providi ng insight into how tissue cells 
organize, according to scientists at the 
U n iversity of California-operated Los 
Alamos National Laboratory. The 
scientists are studying the surface 
properties of blood cell in an effort to 
combat deadly disease. 

The research could lead to the 
development of new amficial materials 
to replace diseased blood vessels and 
heart valves without provokmg blood 
clotting or other adverse reactions. 

A healthy Immune system appears to 
be very Important in preventing the 
onset of cancer, says George Bell, a 
prinCiple mvestigator and the head of 
the Laboratory's Theoretical Division. 

Recent studies indicate that some 
immune-system cells can recognize, 
bind to and kill cancer cells, and Bell 
has developed a theory that could 
explain why cancer cells invade healthy 
areas. This would lead to understanding 
that could be used to fight the disease. 

D 
T he UCSD Medical Center, in 

conjunction with Mercy Hospital , has 
mitiated San Diego County's first in-
patient hospital unit deSigned for 
adolescents. The two hospitals will 
combine their experti e to meet 
com muntty needs, said Dr. Thomas 
Long, assistant professor of pediamcs at 
the UCSD Medical Center and director 
of the program. 

"Adolescents needed a special 
environment of their own," Long said. 
"If we can place them in an 
environment where they feel less 
threatened , we will soften the impact of 
their illness and perhaps ~xpedite their 
recovery. " 

Patients ranging from 11 to L8 are the 
primary candidates for the unit, with 
the majori ty of them hospitalized for 
surgical or orthoped ic procedures. 

In addition , the unit will serve those 
with common or chronic adolescent 
illnesses such as thyrOid problems, 
lupus, anorexia and pelvic inflammatory 
disease. 

Long said creating a non-threatening 
environment and providing an area for 
recreation are important steps in deali ng 
with adolescents. 

D 
A Los Alamos National Laboratory 

scientist has succeeded In 
photographing a star so unusual that it 
promises to force a rewriti ng of 
astronomy books . 

"This star is so differe nt," says John 
Middleditch of the Ean h and Space 
Sciences Division, "it's enough to give 
everyone who tries to explain it a 
headache:' 

The star is a pulsar, sp inn ing around 
like a top gone haywire, revolving some 
20 times a second . With each revolution 
the star emits a powerful pulse of energy 
like a beacon blinking in the ntght. 

More than 500 pulsars have been 
discovered, but this one is only the 
third ever discovered as an optical 
pulsar, a star that spits out its 
tremendous bursts of energy in the form 
of viSible light. 

The newly diS overed tar is the first 
optical pulsar discovered outside our 
galaxy. 

D 
National Intercollegiate Alcohol 

Awareness Week, designed to increase 
student awareness of the effects of 
alcohol , begins Monday, and several 
actlvities will take place at UCSD. 
Among the highlights of the week are 
presentations by Mothers Against Drunk 
Driving (MADD), the Cali forn ia Highway 
Patrol, an attorney talking about alcohol 
and student righ ts, movies illustrating 
some of the dangers of alcohol, a non-
alcoholic TG at the Mission Bay AquatiC 
Center, and an alte rna te beverage bar at 
the Revelle Casino Night. 

"The object of the week," said Tim 
Purpura, assista nt resident dean of 
Revelle , "IS not to tell people that they 
shouldn't drink. What we 're saying is: If 
you drink , do it responsibly." 

Here is a schedule of the week's 
events: 
Monday - Campus Alcohol Awareness 
Fair. 
Tuesday - Carry Wilson, anorney, 
speaking on alcohol and student rights. 
Wednesday - Two movies, Alcohol 
Seduction and CaUing the Shots, plus a 
World Series party at Why Not Here? 
Thursday - The movie CaUing the Shots. 
Friday - UCSD, SDSU and USD all 
together at Mission Bay, all free. Canoe 
races, obSlacle courses, free pizza, and 
more . 

For more information concerning 
Alcoliol Awareness Week, contact the 
Revelle Resident Dean's Office at 452-
3027. 

D 
Scientists at UC Riverside are 

studying the zigzagging flight plan of 
the male moth, and have determined 
that it is really a navigation towards the 
waiting female. 

Their fmdings are a significant 
advance in the science of "sex 
disruption" pest control. Knowledge 
gained could help curb the reproduction 
of moths and other insects that are 
harmful to crops. 

UCR entomologist Tom Baker believes 
that sex disruption of insects is a safe 
and ingen ious alternative to pesticides. 

Male Insects use the scent of 
pheromones, powerful sex attractants 
emitted by the fe males, to find thei r 
mates. Scientists can sabotage these 
signals by flood ing breeding areas with 
syntheticlheromones, confusing the 
males an hampering reproduction. 

D 
The 1985·86 budget of the 

Univers ity of Californ ia should be the 
next phase in a joint effon with the 

Cover: Central Library and the other UCSD hbraries will 
be lOSing a few books soon, thanks to a new plan by the 
University of California to store books in "regional 
storage facilities" at UClA and U C Berkeley. The story on 
what this means to you and the UCSD faculty on page 7. 

News: The 1984-85 UC budget includes dollars eannarked for 
major capital improvements for UCSD, representatives from 
Hewlett-Packard visit campus, the UCSD Medical School takes a 
major role in the study of Alzheimer's disease, and MELVYL will 
soon be fed by a big dish on the top of a building ... a very big dish. 

Opinions: An editorial on the exodus of our books and the 
policies of the UC on the matter, plus leners, a "Duelist" 
commentary on quiners, and Doonesbury. 

Perspectives: It's a long way from La Jolla to Hanover, New 
Hampshire, home of Dartmouth University and a different kind of 
college lifestyle. Is this really the home of Animal House? Find out 
for yourself. And keep an eye out for green-and-white T -shins . .. . 

Spotts: Life before death for the men's soccer team, which clings 
to the #1 spot in the Far West Region, while water polo returns 
home after a tough road trip to encounter the Ffog rolling in this 
Friday. 

Hiatus: Local anist Faiya Fredman comes to Mandeville with her 
mixed-media an. Also, Bob's Book Repon, the best of UCLA 
student films, a look at the opening of a new opera season, a 
preview of on-campus entertainment, and Goings On. 

COVER DESIGN BY JOHN ASHLEE 

state to restore the University's l1scal 
health, said President David P. Gardner. 

In a joint meeting of the UC Board of 
Regents' Committee on Finance and 
Committee on Buildings and Grounds, 
Gardner called it the second part of the 
three-year program to re -establish a 
solid base of University support. 

After committee review, the budget 
will be presented to the full Board for its 
approval in October. 

Gardner said the 1985-86 package is 
designed to build upon Significant 
advances made this year. relatively 
competitive faculty and staff salaries; 
$150 million for facilities renewal and 
construction; and increased funds for 
the use of computers in instruction , 
replacement of obsolete instruc tional 
equipment, and building maintenanc~ . 

Among the areas tabbed for 
improvement are teaching assistants 
($3.9 million additional funding 
requested), instructional computing ($6 
million), research ($8 million), plant 
operation and maintenance ($6 million) 
and expansion o f the libraries' 
telecommunications system ($1 million). 

Two th irds o f these capital requests 
involve construct ion fund ing for projects 

already approved by the state. These 
include hew facilities to support 
engineering programs at San Diego, 
Irvine and Las Angeles; renovations to 
support the new undergraduate program 
in computer engineering at Santa Cruz; 
and an addition to the Law School 
Building at Los Angeles. 

Also, for the first time in a decade, 
projects involving new constrUction to 
increase campus library space are pro-
posed, at San Francisco and Davis, along 
with a request for a major study of campus 
library problems at Berkeley. Major renova-
tion projects at Irvine and San [1iego 
medical centers are also proposed. 

D 
laura Talbot is parking on campus 

with a free student permit after winning 
the Parking and Transit Office's drawing 
last Friday. Carol Rains , organizer of the 
drawing, said that close to 1,000 
students entered the COnteSl by filling 
out a ride-sharing survey card while 
standing in intolerably long lines at the 
Cashier's Office. Talbot's name was 
drawn from a bin, winning her a refund 
of $67 .50, the price of a 'one-year 
permit. 

- Sean Waptaff 

.. 

• + 

Thursday, Oct. 'I , 198'1 3 
"'E~ 

• ~ ~ ¥ 
. ~ . "~'. "» ~ ~~. . . . ~ . ~ 

UCSD to reap benefits of new budget 
By PHIL WILLON. News Editor 

U NlVERSln' OF CALIFORNIA Pres ident David P. Gardner has requested that the Board 
of Regents approve a $3.98 billion 
operating budge t for next year that 
would include over $38 million for 
UCSD. 

"President Gardner's budget for the 
1984-85 academic year addresses 
UCSD's severe shortage of academic 
fac ilities and builds on the significant 
improvements contained in the yea r's 
budget," said UCSD Chancellor Richard 
C. Atkinson . "Funding for faculty 
salaries and new academic facilities is 
criti cal. Inadequate facilities have made 
it impossible to accommodate all the 
qualified students who would like to 
attend UCSD: 

The entire UC budget increase 
represents a 6.6 percent increase over 

UC President David P. Gardner has pre-
sented the Regents with a $4 billion budget. 

this year's bud get, and includes $97.5 
million that will be exclusive of salary 
adjustments. 

Included in the budget are the 
following capital improvement projects 
at UCSD: 
Engineering Building Unit 1 
($34,394,000)- This facili ty will provide 
ins truction and research space for 
engineering and computer sc ience 
programs. Student interest in these a reas 
has mushroomed, and 25% of the 
undergraduates and 20% of the graduate 
Sludems are currently enrolled in these 
programs. 
SIO Pier ($2,972,000)-The additional 
funding will allow the Sc ripps Institution 
of Oceanography to replace the old pier 
and instaU a new seawater supply 
system. The existing pier is 65 years old 
and has suffered extensive damage 
during some recent winter storms. 
Research Facility (S400,OOO)- For 
preliminary planning of an 80,000-
square-foot instruction and research 
facility located in the Miramar Academic 
Complex. Several academic disciplines 
will be relocated to this building, 
including the Departments of 
Anthropology, History, and Political 
Science, and the Science and 
Technology and Public Affairs Programs. 

Intensi~ Care Unit ($1,154,000)-To 
be located in the UCSD Medical Center, 
this will expand the neonatal intensive 
care un it and consolidate it with the 
surgical and medical intensive care units 
through increased modernization and 
efficiency. 
Urey Hall ($108,OOO)- Because the 
facilities at Urey are impacted, there is a 
desperate need for repair and 
restoration. The project includes 

Introducing 
The Apple Macintosh 

\ Now Available at the 
University Bookstore Computer Center 

S 1380 for Students. 
Staff and Faculty. 

Complete S-ystem Pricing: 

Macintosh with Moc Write/Paint 
Image Writer Printer 

Toto I System 

$1J80 
$ 473 

$1853 

UIlIVEIiSIIY lIaDIiSlallE 
r:nHpl/T~LJ i"'91T~1!J 
"V'TI ) I? _ &n (,&j __ & n 

452·4291 

modifying heating, ventilating and air 
condi tioning systems. 
Campus Security ($409,000)-T his will 
p rovide fu nd ing for the construction of 
four major concrete pa thways that will 
connec t Central Library with major 
eleme nts of the campus. 

In ~eviewing the proposed budget, 

Gard ner called attention to the 
University's teaching hospitals. He 
noted "the ve ry se rious threat to the 
financial vlabihty of our teaching 
hospitals which has developed as a 
result of changes in the way hosp itals 

> CONTINUED ON PAGE 8 > 

UCSD awarded millions 
for Alzheimer's research 

The UCSD Medical School has been 
named by the National Institute o n 
Aging (NIA) as one o f the five "centers 
or exceJlence" that will be studying 
Alzheimer's disease , the cause of senility 
in more than rwo million Americans. 

The multimillion dollar program will 
direct $3.5 million to the newly 
designated Alzheimer's Disease research 
centers at UCSD, the University of 
Southern California, Harvard University, 
Johns Hopkins University and the Mt. 
Sinai Medical Center. 

The UCSD rrogram, directed by 
Department 0 Neurosciences Chairman 
Robert Katzman, MD , is slated to receive 
more than $4.3 million over the next 
five years in support of his team's 
comprehensive clinical and research 
effort. 

"In San Diego we have a number of 
the world's top neuroscientists and 
molecular biologists;" said Katzman. 
· One of the major features of our center 
is that it brings together several different 
groups from UCSD, the Scripps Clinic 
and Research Foundation , and the Salk 

Institute to work toward a common 
goal." 

The UCSD cente r will include a 
broad-based research component, a 
patient care component, and a unit 
which will focus on the rraining of 
graduate and post-graduate students and 
health professio nals interested in 
Alzheimer's disease. A special committee 
will be responsible for the rapid 
dissemination of new information to 
other medical profeSSionals. 

. These centers of research will proVide 
the latest approach to patient care now 
aVailable, with patients helping 
physicians learn more about the disease 
by participating in the treatment 
program. Although there is no cure for 
the disease, there are trearments for 
speci fic symptoms. 

At UCSD. Katzman will be working 
with patients using these new 
treatme nts. An Alzheimer's clinic is 
curtently being established at the UCSD 
Medical Center, and physicians will be 

> CONTINUED ON PAGE 9 > 

CUBIC 
Professional Placement Department 
9333 Balboa Avenue, San DIego, CA 92123 



.. Thursdll)'. Oct . 4. 1984 

It's not just the books------
The current book storage fiasco at UCSD plays like a scene from a 

bad Charles Bronson movie: The unsuspecting babe in the woods 
wanders innocently down a dimly lit street when. suddenly. the street-
wise crooks appear from nowhere, assuming traditional poses of 
aggression. One denizen of the dark barks out. "I don't want no trouble 
from you-just gimme your books!" 

Books? Yes, books. The innocent reaches into its cache and peels ofT 
volume after volume until, satisfied. the bullies disappear from Sight. 
Finally, disappOinted and infuriated, the victim continues on his course 
down the road. 

The scenario above may be a bit melodramatic, but it parallels the 
status of conditions at UCSD (see cover story, page 7). The innocent is, 
obviously, UCSD; the extortioniSts, the California State Legislature and 
University planners; and the object of extortion (no, not a gun, knife or 
other instrument of physical torture), the threat of decreased funding . 

The effects of the showdown are in some regards an inconvenience 

ll®frfr®lf~n®frfr<elf~n®till®lf~n®frfr®lf~n®frlt®lf~n®ttit 
fr®rr~letterSn<efrlt®rr~n®ltlt®If'~n®ltlt®lf~n®ltlt®If': 
lf~n®till®rr~n®ltlt®If'~ll®ltlt®lf~n®ltlt®If'~ll®ttlt®rr~n~ 
Go for the Throat 
Editor: 

I read the lener from Mary Weir and 
Ingrid Greenberg of their feelings of 
rape. They have a real concern about 
how vulnerable the young ladies are to 
attacks on campus. And they reinforce 
their fears by indicating that even men 
should worry about being raped by 
other men. The violence is real and 
their approaches are probably just as 
real But I wonder how comfortable life 
can be if one has to look back over 
one's shoulder all the time. 

Why not just employ a simple survival 
trick they taught combat participanlS of 
the Viemam Era? It was "go-for-the-
throal" At the absolute earliest possible 
opportunity in a personal assault 
situation. clamp your teeth firmly and 
tightly around your attacker's windpipe 
and tear his throat out. 

It's not a nice thought, but it is 
effective because you never have to be 
aware or cautious or appear to be 
something you're not. You just have to 
be ready when the opportunity presents 
itself. 

John L Demirjian 

Where's the Democracy? 
Editor: 

I find it very curious that in an age 
where technology advances at the speed 
of light, the maturity of this society 
regresses. Around the world the demand 
for democracy rises. The peoples of 
Poland, South Africa and the Philippines 
courageously defy their governments. In 
EI Salvador people waited in 
tremendous lines, amidst machine-gun 
fire, in order to vote . In the United 
States, the land of democracy, the ranks 
of the apathetic remain swollen . 

The pOSitive force that moved our 
country through the Great Depression , 
and JUSt recently ignited the spirit of 
millions during the Olympic Games, is 
nowhere to be seen in today's political 
process. At UCSD we see instead, 
"Republicans Register Here; 
"Reagan busters," "Students Against 
Reagan." This is the noblest country in 
history, deriving ilS base from a man's 
right to the pursuit of happiness. Why 
then does so much energy go into 
opposing, shutting out, and fighting 
agamst? The key to democracy is 
partIcIpation . How can [ull pamcipation 

be achIeved unless there is a hope of 
something to fightJor? 

John Kennedy spoke of a torch being 
passed to a new generation, a torch 
bright enough to light the world . A few 
months ago the great torch held high by 
the Starue of Liberty was taken down . I 
pray this generation has the strength to 
restore that torch. 

Laurence D. Haveson 

Roadwork Railroading 
Editor: 

I would like to offer the freshmen 
new to UCSD this fall some tips on how 
to deal with their AsSOCIated Students 
Council representatives. As the ediLOr of 
Roadwork, a longstanding literary 
journal published by UCSD students, I 
feel that the mistakes I have made m 
my appeals to the AS for funding should 
prove instructive to those who have yet 
to approach our student government. 

Perhaps the most important thing to 
remember when dealing with the 
ASUCSD is since It does not answer to 
anything except i!Self, nothing motivates 
AS members' decisions except self-
interest. The first major rule to follow is 
LO assume that the value and integrity of 
your program are secondary criteria for 
evaluation , foHowing whether or not you 
have friends on the council , or whether 
council i~ afrai.t of catching a lot of flak 
if it does not fund you. (For example , 
the AS this year refused LO fund the 
nine year-old Roadwork, far and away 
the most respected arts journal ever 
produced at UCSD, while at the same 
time rubber-stamping allocations to 
safer, [WO and three year-old 
publicatiOns like The Birdcage Review 
and The Koala, and even The California 
Review, which UCSD students voted last 
year they did not want funded at all .) A 
good rule of thumb for calculating your 
chances of getting money from the AS is 
LO figure the dollar COSt of your program 
in terms of the number of beer kegs it 
will take away from things like private 
council parties after TG concerts. 

Starting with the assumption that you 
have to convil,ce AS members that their 
lives will be more profitable and 
enjoyable if they fund your project, there 
are twO ways of gOIng about 1l. Working 
From The Inside: If you hang out at the 

I CONTINUED ON PAGE 5 / 

of compromise, and in other regards a Significant decision, Uklstrating 
the philosophy of the University of California planners. On the one 
hand, researchers will have to wait (48 hours at the worst, we are 
assured) for access to information which previously was accessed 
virtually instantaneously. This is an inconvenience, the magnirude of 
which depends on the frequency of the conflict. 

On the other hand, establishing a storage facility on the premises of 
only one campus (out of the five southern campuses) rather than 
developing individual storage facilities based on the requirements of 
each , clearly illustrates the biased "satellite system" that this University 
seems to be heading towards. The failure of the UC planners to even 
investigate this possibility shows openly the favoritism for two of the 
nine campuses. The question we must ask, and receive a satisfactory 
answer for, is this: Is UCSD a university of its own, with its own 
identity, merits and weak spots, or is it to be no more than an 
extension of UCLA? 

<::# The Duelist 

Quittin' time is over 
By CHRISTOPHER CANOlE 

I challenge you to read this 
commc:ntary to the end. If you stop 
reading now LO avoid extending yourself 
in any way, no matter, the subject is 
quitters at UCSD. 

Don't SLOp! 
Do you insist you're not a quitter? 

Sure you're not, and [wo six-packs-a-
night drinkers are not alcoholics. 

What makes me the armchair expert 
on quitters? Is not expertise the 
offspring of experience? 

Are you still with me after my 
confession? Ah confessions, quitters find 
comfort in justifying their lack of 
commitment with a heartfelt confeSSion, 
"I have to be honest with you Mary, I 
just don't love you anymore." Or even 
more nobly, "I'm just not good enough 
for you." 

Not good enough! By whose 
standards? A person's sense of self-
worth is something a qUitter will argue 
is only a Freudian superego standing in 
front of a mirror admiring itself. 

The mirror-gazers are the quitters 
who waste endless hours reflecting on 
their weak self-image and undeveloped 
ability to start something and carry it 
thorugh to completion. By putting off a 
term paper with days and weeks of 
worry until the last moment, the quitter 
can rest assured that the poor grade he 
received confirms and perpetuates his 
flailing for the future. 

Strong self-worth is not a birth trait, it 
develops from pumping oneself up on 
people and projects here at UCSD. 
That's pumping up and finishing up, 
not just signing up. 

Too many great projects "almost" 
made it, but for the eagerness of 
promised commitment that dwindled to 
meagerness in follow through. 
Registering to vote in an election means 
nothing if you don't vote. 

By not following through, the quitter 
also wastes other people's time and 
effon. If you don 't have the right stuff to 
test your limits here at UCSD, start 
somewhere else. We need our 
professors ' limited time for the finishers , 
nO! those who waste offIce hours 
excusmg themselves for turning in a 
paper three weeks late 

If you are chosen for a position In an 
organtza tion or on a team, have the guts 

to rum it down now rather than quit 
during a pressure situation when your 
teammates depend on you to just hang 
in there until the project is over. 

In the art and entertainment worlds 
there are lots of young hopefuls with 
good ideas and talent, but the true anist 
is the one who, ye,ar after year, grinds 
away to perfect her vision or sound. . 
And it is the same in all fields of study. 
Thomas Edison said genius is, "t % 
inspiration and 99% perspiration." After 
all, what do you call the last place 
graduate in a medical school? Doctor. 

We have far too many righteous 
rabble-rousers spewing their rhetoric at 
the opening of a meeting, only to walk 
out before the end or when the vote 
doesn't go their way. Constructive 
change at UCSD comes about through 
winning and losing some barnes; it will 
never hapren if projects are jenisoned 
because 0 a litde resistance. Resistance 
creates strength. Setbacks 3o'e not 
failures to the person who persists to 
the end. 

When students complete tasks 
together they develop loyalty and pride 
in the UCSD community. Nobody has 
unlimited energy, but when you can rely 
on others who have completed 
challenges with you before, they can 
prOVide the final driving force you need. 

If you drop classes in the first week 
because the reading list might encroach 
on your dollar night movies; take a "W 
or "I" in the final week of class in 
surrender rather than power out at the 
end; stand somebody up on a date to 
avoid any commitment; oversleep to 
miss a class; let appointmenlS slip your 
memory; discard opportunities as tOO 
time-consuming; or tum away from 
attending an event because the lines 
were too long, then you can at least 
successfully designate yourself as a 
chronic quiner. 

After you have transferred out of 
UCSD or dropped out altogether, you 
will be able to abandon your mate and 
children, chiming they are slowing you 
down ; tum down a job or promotion' to 
sidestep a challenge; and complain at 
cocktaIl parties about what you might 
have been. 

Don't talk about it ... do it! 

n<e~~~lf~n<.e~~<elf~llce~~®l 
~<elf~lettersn®~~®lf~n( 
< CONTINUED FROM PAGE 4 J: 
right parties, join the right fralS, wear 
the proper sunglasses, don't sweat it. But 
be careful. These things change as they 
are coopted by outSiders, so Stay alert. 
Also, watch how you shake hands. 
Working From The Inside: Intimidation 
is the key here . AS Council members 
respond perhaps most sharply to the 
fear of looking like jerks. One effective 
tactic is to convince them that they are 
oppressing a downtrodden minority 
they previously were not aware existed . 
Making things as complicated as 
possible is another possible strategy -
when council members think they have 
mentally grasped matters they feel 
confident in their deciSions, but when 
faced by issues beyond their intellectual 
capacity they will likely agree with your 
proposal in order to avoid looking 
stupId. Name-calling can also be worth a 
last-minute try; no one likes to be yelled 
at by people in a self-righteous fury, 
least of aU white middle-class Econ 
majors. (This tactic has pulled more 
than one organization out of the fire, 
LAGO and Voz among them.) 

One remaining piece of advice is 
don't feel threatened by the 
officiousness of student government -
remember that you are dealing with the 
same people who, a couple of years ago 
in high school, threw up on your 
parents' azaleas during your post-prom 
party. Having failed with various other 
ways of dealing with AS offiCials, I feel 
that the pragmatic measures outlines 
above are the most effective approaches 
to ASUCSD politiCS - ask the editor of 
any UC D journal that received funding 
this year. 

James Brown 
Editor 

The late Roadwork 

Doonesbury 

HI THIS 15 6OIJ. 
M'»fAlLY. A$ 7JIE 
5(}1'REM€ 8EJN6, I 

J 1T(Y707TlAIJ5aNI) 
PfJJWSAN fWTICS. ; evr THI5 )f'M 15 

[)(ff!llENT .. 
I!!';;!J .F 

-- -------- -- - - - - -- - ---- --- -

=---- - - -==--- ==- -~ -~ =- --~ -- --=--===----=---=------=-=-=-- =-=-- -=-----=----=-- -~-=-

ATrENll0N 
Asian/Pac1t1c, Black, Hispanic, Native American 

and Women Sophomore and Junior Students: 

WOULD YOU LIKE TO WORK WITH A FACUL1Y MEMBER IN YOUR 
SOCIAL SCIENCES/HUMANITIES MAJOR DEPARTMENT, ESTABLISH A 
ONE TO ONE MENTOR RELATIONSHIP. AND PERFORM RESEARCH? 
IF SO, WHY NOT ATIEND OUR INFORMATIONAL MEETING AND FIND 
OUT MORE ABOUT THE FACUL1Y MENTOR PROGRAM? 

THE MEETING IS SCHEDULED FOR THURSDAY. OCTOBER 4, 1984. AT 
3:30 P.M. IN THE S1UDENT CENTER BUILDING B (SOUTH) LOWER 
LEVEL CONFERENCE ROOM. PLEASE JOIN us. REFRESHMENTS WILL 
BE SERVED. FOR MORE INFORMATION. CALL FAYE BROOKS-HINKS. 
ON EXT. 6708. 

Wbatever Your Game Is ... 
Make Sure You Have the Right Class 
-- - - -- - - - ~ ---

- - -

- - - -- -

The Department of Plays'cal Education, fII'nor 
Program w.ll be offering: 

PI: 120 Spom 'n America Plwr 1:00 . 1:50 
Sec Conference Room (Rec Gym) 
Insb'uctor: Jack Douglas 

students w'shlng to register In tile PE no clat 
should come and enroll In the PE OffIce (Jlla'n 
Oym) with Evelyn Kott/CJerry W.lley. 

7111S)f.AA. ~7}/l; Rf?5T' 
nn IN 'tWf{ H151ORY, 
>W HAve A CHAfoa 70 
I01fi F?R. 7}(t. (NY IWQY 
'1HAT5 .4CTUAU-Y «JIN(j 
MY WOO< -AnRJCA~ 

mRTY. 
IPIf 

R 

~ Kf/a)h/ AS 711& 'l5ap.~ 
AMEl?/CA'5 fWtTY STANOS FOR.. 
eveKt7H1N6 THII735/L/lW 71J~ 
aP (3I.CKt. M4RY toIJ RflTON. 
NIKI.&AI< 5UP!RIOOJY. so TAK& 
rr ~ Me. (j()p' A W1T6 ~ 
AMI3KICA'5 fW?TY IS A von: 
e oF FORMe. 

Thursdll)'. OCI. 4, 1984 3 

BY GARRY TRUDEAU 

ml[)~8Y 
me i<EAGIW -600 
/l&-EUfCTION 
aMMITTE&. 

~/ 

OH. SO 
t(H)~ 

)OI/" 
\ 

z'M7H& 
MAIO. 

\ 

The California Policy Seminar, a joint Univer-
sity of California/ state government program, will 
fund public policy research during the 1984-85 
fiscal year Uuly toJune). 

Faculty and researchers on all University of 
California campuses and associated federal labora-
tories who a dealing with 

educa-

While no bUshed for research 
projects, it is anticipated that most will be completed 
in less than twelve months, Award recipients will 
conduct their research on their home campuses. 

Abstract forms may be obtained by writing to 
John Cummins, Director, California PoUcy Seminar, 
109 Moses Hall, Institute of Governmental Studies, 
University of California, Berkeley, CA 94720., or by 
calling (415) 642-5514, 



6 Thursday. Ocr. 4. 1984 
" '. ~""0 :m: .'" . .. ;-;<0, ' • .' ". 

THE FUTURECOPV PLACE 
WELCOMES BACK 

STUDENTS a FACULTY 

4 1/z( 
Self SeNice Copies 

WCSG 

Warren College Student Government 
announces openings for these posItions-

Freshman RepresentMive to Council 
Freshman Representative to Judicial Board 
Campus Housing& Food Service Committee 
Bookstore Advisory Committee 

I· 

Mon .• Thuri. a am • a pm 
fri. a am·6 pm 

Sat. 10 am ·5 pm 
Sun. 12 noon . 5 pm 

.s7--3775 
8155 Villa La Jolla Dr. 

(Near Ralphs • 5a¥On) 

Applications available in the Warren Provost's Office 
Closing date 10/10/84. 

For more information contact Stacy - 481-8968. 

lHE FUTURECOPV PlACE 

better than 
the Guaranteed 
StuCient LoaD: 

Anywhere you go for a California Guaranteed Student Loan, you11 get a low interest 
rate and a long time to pay it back. 

But with Great Western Savings, you'll get something more: Fast Seroice. You'll get 
an answer within 15 days. And, because Great Western is a major California lender, you 
get your money fast. You can even get a loan from Great Western if you already have a 
student loan with another lender from a previous academic year. 

Not only does Great Western lend to California residents attending schools in and 
out-of-state, we lend to non-residents attending California schools, also freshmen and 
half-time students. 

You can borrow up to $2,500 a year if you are an undergraduate, and up to $5,000 
for graduate study. The low interest rates mean comfortable monthly payments during 
the first few years after school when money may be tight. You can pay nothing while 
you're in school, and when you finish there is a grace period before your payments begin. 

It's easy to apply for a student loan with Great Western Savings. Fill out the forms 
at your friendly Financial Aid Office, and send your application to the address below. 

You can get a Guaranteed Student Loan from other lenders, but with Great Western, 
you get guaranteed fast service. 

GREAT WESTERN SAVINGS, Student Loan Department, 
P.o. Box 1050, Northridge, CA 91328 

GREAT WESTERN SAVINGS 
[9TA', 

A Fedeml SaVITlj( dnd L"an A lC\iIlMJIl 

A new bmnd O/banking 

BUSINESS AND 
,.CHNICAL MAlORS 

Highly responsible positions for 
college seniors and graduates 
(through age 341 in financial 
and logistic support. The Navy 
Supply Corps needs higlly 
qualified, dynamic individuals 
to lead and manage large 
inve1tOty and financial 
net\NOI'ks. Salary SI8.500 to 
start. S34,OOO after 4 years. 
Exallent benefits package, 
Need 1JA/Bs. u.s. citizenship. 
c.l1 HavIll ~ 
Protr ..... , ~67 .... 
Mor;1MId IFF 4pm. 

FAMOUS LAST WORDS 
FROM FRIENDS TO FRIENDS. 

"Are you OK to drive?" 
"Whats afew beers?" 

"Did yau have too much to drink?" 
"l'11't perfectly fine." 

"/ think yml've had afew too many." 
"Yau kiddin, J can drive 

witJ" my eyes closed." 

"Ya1,l've had too much to drink, 
let 111£ drive." 

"Nobody drives my car tmt nl£," 

DRINKNG AN) DRlVWG 
CAN KI1 A FRIENDSHII 

U S. Deportment of Tronspo>loto<>n @I 

lJ'ursday. Ocr. i. IIJ80f 7 
NE~ 

.. ,", .~."~. ~ ~:~ . ,*:r. .. '< ',«~x .~" . ~:.~.. .' -;. . ~ ~ . .. .... "."/.. ,'-:-:;.~ ........ '1!:' ......... .. 

Booking a space at UCLA 
By SEAN WAGSTAFF. Associalt Ntws Edilor 

I N 1977, the California State Legislature said that it would not provide money to the University of 
California [0 build new library space 
until an acceptable plan was developed 
for storing books in a more cost-
efficient manner. A plan was developed, 
much (0 the distress of many faculty 
members and University librarians, that 
involves sending our books to a 
"regional s(Orage facility" at UCLA to be 
Stacked according to size. 

Every time a new book needs to be 
shelved at the Biomedical or Science 
and Engineering Libraries. one of the 
existing books has to be removed and 
either discarded or put in storage [0 
make room for the new one. Central 
Library will face the same crisis next 
year. 

According to Dr. Roy Harvey Pearce 
of the Literature Depanment. the plan 
came up during the administration of 
the fonner president of the University, 
David Saxon, who was in favor of 
having two flagship campuses-UClA 
and Berkeley-with the other UC 
campuses serving as sateBite schools. 

When the plan to develop regional 
Storage facilities was initially conceived, 
it immediately met with opposition. But 
it appeared that the concept of the 
flagship system was not to be easily 
defeated. "We asked for a study 
comparing the cost of regional facilities 
[0 the cost of building individual 
facilities on the separate campuses. That 
study was not fonhcoming," Pearce said. 

The faculty and librarians at UCSD 
were the first to officiaDy oppose the 
project "The whole idea of being tied to 
UCLA and Berkeley is relatively 
offensive," Pearce said. 

The plan caDs for UCSD to send 
70,000 books (0 the facility initiaDy and 
10,000 more every year thereafter. 
Because storage space in the facility 
itself will be limited, no duplicate books 

will be allowed there. "The idea reached 
its height of ridiculousness when it was 
decided that no duplicates would be 
stored at the facility: Pearce said. There 
are likely to be many books that do not 
get used much and should theoreticaDy 
be put in storage but that are at more 
that one of the campuses. In this 

situation all but one of the campuses 
will be stuck with the book on their 
shelves or will be forced to discard it 

The nonhern UC campuses have 
already buih a storage facility in 
Richmond that has been in use since 
before 1977. That facility has had some 
serious difficulties. 

A 9.2-meter satellite dish was insraBed a(Op the Telecommunications Building in 
September. InstaDed at a rotal cost of 5250,000, the dish will heIp the libraJ}"s on-line 
catalog. MELVYl, bypass the slow. expensive Pacific Bell telephone lines. 

The very large parabolic surface was needed to provide high-speed data transfer 
between UCSD and MELVYL's main computer in Berkeley. The information will be 
beamed up to the Cornsat sateDile and then back down to a similar dish in Berkeley. 

Cosmat was put in space by the most recent space shuttle mission. 
UCSD and Bertcdey perfOrmed the first teSt of the protorype 'communications 

system. which is soon to be installed on all UC campuses. The teSt was pronounced a 
success, and the sysrmt should become fully operational within the next few ~eks. 

According to teJecommunicati0n5 analyst Ron Achimasi, the dish may also be used 
for video conferencing in the furure. 

The Universiry C\IITently leases telephone lines from PaCific Bell, but the satellite 
system will be much faster. "Itll move the data pretty fast ," Achimasi said simply. 

-SeanW ..... 

Take your knowledge to the highest degree 
with the Burroughs Corporation, We're a 
world leader in electronics-based information 
systems, bringing nearly a century of tradition 
to the next generation of computer products 
and services. Our solid reputation provides a 
firm foundation for building your future with 
the best. 

• Computer Science 
• Electrical Engineering 

ON CAMPUS INTERVIEWS 
October 18 
See your college placement office to arrange 
an interviews 

Burroughs' ongoing growth and success in the 
design, engineering, manufacturing, marketing 
and support of information systems and related 
equipment has created exceptional career 
opportunities for ambitious graduates in: 

For additional information please contact: 
Burroulhs Corporation, Western Region 
College ReI.tlons, Dept. 100,3519 W. Warner 
Avenue, Santa Ana, CA 92704. 
An Affirmative Action Employer M/F 

When UC Davis sent its first qUOta of 
books to the Richmond facility , a high 
percentage of them were promptly lost. 
The University of California Libraries 
Plan for Development reads, "The 
Richmond facility , i ltended as a 
regional storage center but in practice 
used almost excrusivelY by the Berkeley 
campus, should be abandoned . It is 
completely unsatisfactory [or service as 
the regional shelving faCility 
recommended ." 

John S. Galbraith , the first chancellor 
of UCSD. has been credited with 
UCSD's having a library to begiri' with . 
When he first came here as chancellor, 
he told then-University President Clark 
'Kerr that he would not be inaugurated 
until there was a plan for a library. The 
next day Kerr caBed and said that 
UCSD would have its library, and 
Galbraith was subsequently inaugurated . 

"It really is not convenient for this 
campus to have [0 ship its books to 
UClA It is high time to rethink this 
idea of having two regional facilities. I 
don't think it's a very weB thought-out 
system: Galbraith said. 

Many fear that the central storage 
system will limit Student access to 
infrequently read materials that might be 
necessary for unusual studies. According 
to Pearce, "It's a problem, panicularly 
because some people get into work in 
. the purely abstract." Pearce used a 
textbook he wrote as an example. The 
book was selling about 3,000 copies per 
year. but the publisher decided that 
number was not enough, and took it Out 
of print "Now I can't teach the class. It 
seems like the same thing is going on in 
me (University) President's office," he 
said. 

Some fear that faculty recruiting will 
suffer from the library policy, as the 
quality of a university is often judged in 
> CONTINUED ON PAGE 9 > 

III 
• 
-



I 

8 Thursday , Or f 'I , 1984 

Students running for their lives 
By KIRSTIN SODERBERG 

This year's Welcome Week schedule 
included a new opportunity for 
incommg freshman, the Fitness For Life 
Program. The program is backed by Vice 
Chancellor for Undergraduate Affairs 
Joseph Watson and is aimed at 
introdUcing students to the ways and 
means of attaining a healthier lifestyle. 

The UCSD Medical S hool and 
Medical Center, the tudent Health 
Center, the Depanment of Physical 
Education , Recreation and Intercollegiate 
Athletics aU teamed together to structure 
the program into three major areas of 
concentration . Exercise. good nutrition 
and effective stress management are the 
target areas of the Fitness For Li fe 
Program. 

Dr. olan Penn, professor of 
Psychiatry at UCSD Medical School and 
Fitness For Life coordinator, recognized 
that the campus needed to produce a 
social context that would promote good 
health as well as social and personal 
growth. His solution towards health 
awareness is to give students a 
grounding to work from in order to 

achieve good health . Other faculty 
members took interest and helped 
structure the program along with 
Professor Penn. 

The program entails 100 volunteers 
who will panicipate in stress workshops, 
nutrition counseling and will have their 
exercise mOnitored. By obselv ing these 
students, the faculty members involved 
can evaluate the means and methods by 
which people will get involved In 
UCSD's health facilities . 

The facihties and programs, which 
are geared tOwards fitness , are readily 
available to all students, however, the 
Fitness For Life Program wants to 
encourage greater student panicipation 
in these activities . UCSD campus is full 
of these kinds of health oriented 
facilities . The goal of the Fitness For 
Life Program IS to encourage the 
students complying to use available 
outlets such as the gym or the 
psychological and counseling services. 
These students will generate their peer's 
interests and students will eventually 
become aware of pOSitive health 

strategies. Also , by mOnltoring the 
volunteers, the faculty will search for 
ways that an institution can intervene in 
the lives of students to make them more 
physically fir. 

By crea ting a health-conscious 
campus, Dr. Penn foresees UCSD as 
producing more successful students who 
have time to manage their studies as 
we ll as their bodies. He describes the 
goal of the program as "providing a 
structure that lets students relate and 
associate what they have learned in 
their academic environment to their 
own lives and to promote wellness in 
the three areas, stress, exercise, and 
nutrition . We are trying to create an 
atmosphere that is supportive of 
personal growth and developement. 
Students should understand and be 
aware of stress and the ways people 
under stress come to understand and 
master their situations." 

Dr. Penn further notes that almost all 
counseling provided in the Fitness For 
Life Program is also available to all 
students regardless of whether or not 
they are in the program. ~ 

Get to the answers faster. 
With the1l-S5-ll. 

What you need to tackle to perfonn complex calcula· 
tions - like definite integrals, 
linear regr~ssion and hyper. 
holics - at the touch of a 
button. And it can also be 
programmed to do repetitive 
problems without re.entering 
the entire formula. 

the TI·55·11 even simpler, 
and shows you how to use a ll 
the power of the calculator. 

/ 
I 

I 

the higher mathematics of a 
science or engineering cur· 
riculum are more functions -
more func tions than a simple 
slide·rule calculator has. 

Enter the TI· 55·II, with 
112 powerful functions . You 
can work faster and more 
accurately with the TI.55·II, 
because it's preprogrammed 

OI96J T .... I......-nts 

Included is the Calculator 
Decision· Making Sourcebook. 
It makes the process of using 

Get to the a n swers fastet 
Let a TI·55·1I "Is 
show you how. ~ 

TEXAS 
INSTRUMENTS 

Creating useful products 
and services for you. 

Budget 
< CONTlNUED FROM PAGE 3 < 
are reimbursed for medical services." 

It has been estimated that inadequate 
reimbursement from government health 
care programs, such as Medi-Cal and 
county services for the medically 
indigent, are anticipated to be as high 
as $5 million at the UCSD Medical 
Center in 1985-86. This assumes no 
change in reimbursement policies or 
rates. 

Michael R. Stringer, director of 
hospitals and clinics, noted , "At UCSD 
Medical Center we face an anticipated 
deficiency in excess of $5 miUion. This 
can be made up only through state 
assistance, as outlined by the president'S 
statement, or by a reduction in our 
services to the community." 

Gardner's recommendations were 
made to the Regents' Committee on 
Finance and the Committee on 
Buildings and Grounds on Friday, 
September 28, during a special meeting. 
The committees will review the budget 
proposal and present it to the full board 
at the October meeting. 1m 

Thursday, Ocl . 'I , 1984 9 

Engineering gets HPs Alzheimer's 
By MIKE EBERT 

The Department of Engineering had 
the opportunity to display part of its 
$641,178 worth of computer and 
electronic equipment donated by 
Hewlett-Packard in this past year. The 
equipment, which includes mainframe 
computers, terminals, desktop 
computers, disc drives , printers and 
software, is divided between the EECS 
and AMES departments . 

Both departments wiD almost 
immediately be able to put this 
equipment to work in ways that wiD 
direcdy affect the academic curriculum 
of under&!:llduate students. 

oVer tfie pa~t few years, Hewlett-
Packard has been very active in UCSD's 
engineering program. This particular 
computer grant program was developed 
over the last two years in conjunction 
with its San Diego Division, the dean of 
engineering and UCSD's mechanical 
and electrical engineering faculty. 
Hewlett-Packard engineer Phil Faraci, a 
1979 Applied Mechanics graduate of 
UCSD, has been working with Dr. Olfe 
and other AMES Department faculty in 
developing what Faraci described as the 

UCSD 
libraries 
< CONTINUED FROM PAGE 7 < 
part by its libraries. Until the 
construction of "phase 2" of Central 
Libraty, projected for 1986, UCSD's 
library will be shrinking. to say nothing 
of keeping up with the growth rate of 
the University. 

Because the idea of the storage facility 
is to store books as efficiently as 
possible, the storage center will have its 
volumes arranged according to size . 
This means that books will not be 
available directly off the shelves but wiU 
have to be ordered, even at the on-site 
reading room. 

All of the books put into storage will 
be recorded in MELVYL, the on-line 
catalog, so that findi ng a book will be 
fairly simple . However, it will then be 
necessary to order the book. presumably 
in a similar fashion to checking one out. 
Once ordered, the book will have to be 
found by a librarian in its appropriate 
size stack and delivered. In San Diego's 
case the books will be delivered via van 
from UCLA. 

It has been guaranteed that the 
process will not exceed 48 hours, but to 
some faculty, particularly the ones who 
do research using many special texts, 
the process poses a threat. Reference to 
a page of some obscure text which may 
have involved a short walk and a few 
minutes among the stacks will now take 
at least 24 but more probably 48 hours. 

Assistant University Librarian Phylis 
Mirsky admits that the concept of the 
regional storage facility "is not ideal." 
But she said that the project was 
necessary to get state funding for further 
facilities here. "In essence a deal was 
struck," she said. 

The librarians have 'promised to work 
in very close cooperation with the 
faculty in regards to choosing the 
materials that will be sent to the storage 
facility. 

Although Pearce caBed the plan for 
the UCLA storage facility "inevitable: 
the battle against it is not over yet. 
Pearce is the faculty representative of 
the storage planninB commission, which 
is made up primarily of librarians. In 
conjunction with the library committee, 
the academic council will be sending a 
letter to Umversity President David 
Gardner asking that the proposal for the 
project be re-evaluated, Pearce said. 

"It's time to stop this n'ladness and 
rethink this whole problem: Pearce 
said . i:J 

"ideal curricula" for the recently created 
mechanical engineering major. This type 
of interaction between industry and 
academia looks to be beneficial for both 
parties. 

Hewlett-Packard hopes to derive a 
number of benefits from the 
enhancement of UCSD's engineering 
departments. Many San Diego Division 
engineers wiD be able to pursue master's 
degrees at UCSD which will be 
applicable to the technologies needed at 
Hewlett-Packard. Secondly, a strong 
engineering division at UCSD wiU 
prOVide Hewlett-Packard with a source 
of mechanical and electrical engineers 
ideaUy suited for employment with the 
company. 

Hewlett-Packard 's contribution 
towards aiding UCSD's engineering 
division is benefiting not only the 
company but also UCSD's faculty and 
students. Hewlett-Packard's San Diego 
Division and UCSD engineering 
division have already begun making 
proposals for additional equipment 
grants for next year. 

< CONTINUED FROM PAGE 3 < 
working with patients through UCSD's 

. Seniors Only Comprehensive 
Assessment and Retirement Evaluation 
(SOCARE) Clinic and with the recently 
funded teaching/nursing home program 
jointly sponsored by UCSD and San 
Diego State University. 

Alzheimer's disease is an incurable 
degenerative disease of the brain which 
affects about ten percent of individuals 
over the age of 65 in this COUntry. For 
every five years after the age of 60, an 
individual's chances of developing the 
disease double . It accounts for the 

. majority of long-term nursing home 
confinements, with an estimated $27 
billion spent in 1983 alone on the care 
'of Alzheimer's patients. 

The disease is not well understood. 
First described in 1906, it is only in the 
past few decades that researchers have 
begun to realize the many physiological 
and chemical changes that take place in 
the brain tissue of Alzheimer's patients. 
A final diagnosis of Alzheimer's disease 
can only be obtained upon examination 
of the brain tissue after the patient's 
death. 

The Alzheimer's patient first 

experiences memory loss and other 
minor symptoms. Gradually, the patient 
undergoes personality changes, becomes 
easily confused, and loses the ability to 
concentrate and perform simple tasks. 
Eventually, most patients become totally 
helpless and are placed in institutions 
where full-time care is available. 

The Alzheimer's brain is characterized 
by a major loss of specific nerve cells in 
the brain and by the a!!lpearance of 
tangled structures in the brain cells. 
These tangles are composed of abnormal 
filaments first described in 1964 by 
UCSD's Robert Terry, professor of 
neurosciences and pathology, who was 
then at the Albert Einstein College of 
Medicine. 

"Before we can find out what causes 
the disease , we must understand each 
stage of the disease and how the 
changes we see in the brain relate to the 
changes in behavior in the patient," 
explained Terry. "We know of many 
different characteristics-for example, 
the plaques and tangles in the brain, the 
neurotransmitter deficienCies, and the 
loss of cerrain cells. We are trying now 
to learn what the causal relationship is: 
Is change C caused by change B, or are 
they both caused by change A? 1m 

DESIGN A CUSTOM CAREER 

WITH THE FASTEST MOVERS ON THE CIRCUIT. 
Not only is Silicon Systems, 
inc., the nation 's II 1 independent 
designer/manufacturer of appli-
cation specific integrated circuits 
... we're also the fastest 
growing company on the 
scene. In fact we've nearly 
doubled in size and sales in 
the past two years alone I 
That kind of industry-leading 
success only comes with 
aggressively seeking the best. 
And we're committed to that. 
In the technologies we pursue. 
as well as in the people we hire. 

This high-charged growth is 
something you can be parr of, 
contribute to. In an atmosphere 
where imagination, enthusiasm 
and energy are valued and 
encouraged. 
So, if you're anxious to make 
your own mark on the expand-
ing semiconductor industry . 
and design a career customized 
to your personal goals .. make 
your move. With SSi . The com-
pany rhar's proven success 
comes With aggreSSively 
seeking rhe best. 

Campus interview s w ill be 
held on November 5, 1984 
Please contact your Placement 
O ffice for an interview. 
Silicon Systems, inc. 
1435 1 Mytord Road 
Tustin, CA 92680 
Equal Opportunity Employer M/F 



, , 

Turning over the fraternity image: 
Is Dartmouth's past UCSD's future? 
By lAURIE VOLKIN 

A s I WALKED OFF my over-extended Capital flight and boarded the bus bound to 
Hanover, New Hampshire, I could feel my 
spirit rise with excitement by the new 
environment that surrounded me. I was no 
longer in th e sunny west coast, or the laid-
back campus of UCSD, but approaching 
the Ivy League school of Dartmouth . 

I was entering a different area, or one 
might say a different world of old New 
England-style bnck buildings, narrow 
covered ivy streets, and students jogging 
around campus in green and white 
sweats. A far cry from the modem 
cement buildings of UCSD, the overload 
of cars throughout campus and 
skateboarders who weave in and out of 
every student in order to get to class, or 
the beach. 

I never had much desire for the color 
green, but it had so much character and 
appeal at Dartmouth one could hardly 
help but be swayed into its essence: 
green lawns, green storeS, green colored 
welcoming banners, and green and 
white orientation packets. I was quickly 
convinced that my first destination 
should be to the Darmouth Co-op for a 
green and white T-shirt, or be prepared 
to go around campus looking like a 
foreigner the first week of school in my 
pink pants and light-colored clothing. 

I could hardly wait to pick up my 
room key and unpack my luggage, until 
I realized I had no lugggage. That was 
Capital Airline's efficiency from San 
Diego to Hanover for you, but, no 
matter, I took my backpack and 
orienta tlon folders and began wandering 
down to my dorm room 

Fmdmg myself very unprepared With 
open-toed sandals , I learned qUIckly thdt 
spnng was [he "mud' season at 
Dartmouth I couldn t fmd a Sidewalk 
lhd t was not covered wtth mud and 
slush and a, the 50·degrees chill factor 

pierced my windbreaker through to my 
bones, I thought about how nice the 
humidity and sun of San Diego would 
feel now. Why did I leave San Diego 
anyway, to experience the freezing cold 
weather of New Hampshire? 

I thought about aU the donn parties 
we had at UCSD, staying up late hours 
hearing and talking about the wild 
fratemity parties at Dartmouth that 
made Animal House seem like nothing. 
Crazy stories about pledges being 
airplaned off to a different state for 
initiation week, punches consisting of 
80% Everclear and beer parties that 
were continuous and non-stop fun . AU 
this, and a top-notch educational 
program too. Seriously, despite all the 
lavish stories we discussed, I always felt 
Dartmouth would be a fun , and 
broadening experience for a quarter that 
would enable me to experience an Ivy 
League school, see how students of the 
"Eastern" half live, and really judge for 
myself whether the movie Animal House 
was based there. 

Proceeding on, I put the wind-chill 
factor out of my head and continued 
past 20 fraternity houses to fi nd my 
donn room. ' You must be from CA: a 
local Dartmouth girl yelled while I 
entered my donnitory. I suppose it was 
my mud covered sandals and light-
weight clothing that gave my identity 
away all toO quickly. ' What are you 
doing here anyway in the mud and rain 
when we are aU dying to go to CA?" I 
tried to explain I was on exchange for 
the cultural and educational experience, 
but she in:.isted on informing me of aU 
her idealized not ions of CA where the 
"sun" and "fun" never end Before I 
could get another word in edgewise, she 
had already gone ff to inform the other 
girls that another CalIfornian had 
<\rr1ved ready to skinny dip and eat 
granola What a quarter thl~ was gOing 

to be. 
After settling in, pre-registering for my 

classes, and finding out that I had been 
put on the meal plan, I was ready to hit 
the night life scene. 

The fraternity-based social life was 
quite different from the many and 
varied parties I had been to at UCSD. 
No matter how many people crammed 
into a frat basement, the beer seemed to 
continuously flow from the tap into 
people's mouths. The only numbers 
mentioned in their stories concerned a 
scoreboard, while beer guzzling tales, 
sports updates, and increasing one's 
weights on the bench press were topics 
of enthusiastic conversation. Indeed, 
this was quite a difference from the 
wine-Sipping EECS party 1 had been 
10 at UCSD where the main topic of 
conversation was whether or not their 
computer program ran today. 

I had entered the world of fraternity 
brother, athletic JOCks, and Animal House 
stories. Becoming quite excited about 

. the whole thing, I joined in the 
Dartmouth tradition of beer guzzling, 
only to find myself awaiting in a 
bathroom line with 50 other squeamish 
girls. It seemed this line was a perfect 
scamming oporcunity for the 100 
fraternity boys standing there. I soon 
learned they were not boys, but men. 
Men who would gladly pour you another 
beer, open your door, or escolt you back 
to their rooms. 

Of course not aU fraternities are the 
same; each one has gained its own 
reputation, appeal, and crowd. 
Wandering to the fraternity next door, I 
wasn't quite sure whether I had entered 
a human or animal kingdom, since 
"Critter" tu rned OUt to be the main 
source of entertainment and an offi cer 
of the house And "A.dolph ," "Gusher," 
and "<;klpper" follow d next In line, and 
bCLOmlng cOllfu!>cd by who was wh,\t, 

and if what was a who, i figured if I got 
all these names straight I was definitely 
back to the four-year plan at UCSD. 

I was then introduced to "QUickie: In 
Muir 10, I had always learned "quickie" 
was a verb, but Dartmouth proved 
"quickie" to be a noun , as in a person, 
who had a place to show you his thing. 

When fraternity-hopping didn't 
appeal for a night, there were other 
activities: such as going to donn parties, 
comedy shows, bars and restaurants, or 
sitting in Baker Library which was 
always open until midnight. 

So, the quarter proceeded with as 
much fun and adventure as it had on 
the fitst day. To this day, I still walk 
around UCSD with my green and white 
T-shirt, steer away from granola, and 
still ponder over unresolved Dartmouth 
questions, like where Agawam is, what 
kingdom a "Critter" reaDy comes from, 
and if it is really possible for a verb to 
become a person. I quickly learned, at 
Dartmouth, anything is possible. ~ 

Thursday, DC( . 4, 1984 11 

Tired of reading 

ANEW 
CONTRACEPTIVE 

IS HERE. 

other people's stories? 
Write~ for Perspectives 

Visit the Guardian table 
Friday 10-3 at FFOG 

CALCULATORS 
The 
Sharp EL~II 
Suggested Retail WS 
NOW $7995 

- 40K BASIC in ROM - Extended keyboard 
• 2.2K RAM 
• Over 1400 , .'gram steps 

• Optional interface for tape 
cassette and printer 

• 16-char dot-matrix d isplay 

~---------------------uoo£LE~12 

$36 95 
Suggested 
Retail $44,95 

"THIN MAN';" WALlET-SIZE WITH 
121 PROGAAM STEPS 
Impro .. d ocienlillc cak:ul8lor wllh Muill Form ..... 
A ........ IIId clec:lm...,.,.._lmaI .y ...... 
• In addition to performing Ihe SClenllftc functions. the 

EL·512 permits the user to store up to 12B program 
steps budt-up from any of ItS preproorammed 
functions 

• HyperbolIC (SInh, cosh, tanh ) and their Inverses. 
• Rectangular/polar coordinate converSions. 
• Mean, sum, and standarej eje\llation 
• 4-Multl Formula Rner\lt for storing tormulas, and 9 

Oata Memories for stOring numbers 
• Direct fOrmula antf)' enters formulas the way they are 

Written, 
• Computer-age hexadecimal conversions 
• e •• y-to-, .. ct 1~IO" hquu, crystal dISplay With 

sc .. nhhc nOiatlon axpre .. ion 
• Independently acceSSlbte 3-key memo!), 
• 15 'evell at parentheses With up 10 7 pending NM>DEL ~Hf ____ ~ ____________ ~ __ ·_t1~ __ · ______________________ ~ 
~1Ced, ecIInIIIIc aeIc __ 
......"...-cl ..... .,..... ___ Ion key. 
• 48 pre~prc.g'.mmed Klenl1f1c functions lurn 

comphcated probtem. Into easy o perations 
• Direct formul. entry lets you enter problems jusl as 

you wnkl them 
• Three piren,neteS level. and four levels of pendmg 

operations 
• • Declmat/tleXideC lml1 ' V. tem COnVerSion kev 

• StatlSllcal calculations With stahstlca' mode (STATI , 
number of ... mplelf~ \ In ~\ I. meanl ~\'I" ~\ 2 I. 
,llndlrO de\llitlon Iso), enter data/correet dl ta (DATA 
CO) key. 

• Independentty I ccessibte memory 
• oEGl RIIO/GRlIo seleC,or . ey 
• Degree.-mlr'lOl8/ second con\lersloo key 
• Auto Power-Ott coniorves pOwer 
• Power· yvtng FEM liqUid crystal dtSplaV has 8-dlglt 

mantissa and 2-<:hOI I exponent 

$22 95 
Suggested 
Retail $29.~ 

UIlIVERSITY BaDIiSTaRI 
f'4"Ur!1 lr&D "~jJ/~l:l!J 
"U'T,rV ff k # # fF&H , J:n 

452-4291 



Derek Amstrong's troops said 
hello to the win column for the 
ninth time in ten tries this 
season with a come-from-
behind victory Monday. In 
doing so, the Tritons strength-
ened their grip on the top rung 
on the Far West Div. III ladder. 

By JOHN GODFREY 

U CSD soccer coach Derek Annstrong described last Monday"s come-from-behind 
victory over Point Lorna Nazarene at 
Muir Field as a "return from death: 

"It would have been a big 
disappointment to lose to Point Lorna at 
home," stated Armstrong "And It 

Greg Schwartz extends a UCSD greeting. 

/ 

would 've taken us Out of the tOP 20." 
The Tritons, currently ranked sixth 
nationally and first in the far west, 
stormed back from a two-goal deficit to 
pull OUt the overtime win, 4-3. 

With the Tritons down 3-1, and less 
than 20 minutes remaining in the game, 
two unlikely players led the way to the 
team's resurgence . Freshman midfielder 
ScOtt Weisenberg scored TWO second-
half goals to force the overtime, while 
'his teammate, walk-on goalkeeper Greg 
Stadler, kept Point Lorna at bay 
throughout the second half. Both players 
sat out the first half. yeL came on strong 
late in the game. 

Armstrong, realizmg the importance 
of the game, pulled starting goalkeeper 
Phillip Kenney and sent him out as a 
field player when iL looked as if Point 
Lorna had the goalkeeper's number. The 
strategy worked, as Stadler held the 
Crusaders scoreless, and Kenney took 
command. 

"Phillip made all the difference in the 
world ," Annstrong SLated. "He was really 
the stabilizing leader who pulled us 
together out there. This IS a scrappy 
little team we've gm playing." 

The second-year coach was also 
thrilled that his new goalie performed so 
well under pressure. 'We wanted LO stan 

Return from death 
keeps UCSD on top 
in Div. III Far West 
him off slowly, but instead we had to 
throw him out into the deep end nght 
away." Stadler, a freshman from 
Huntington Beach, apparently has the 
skill and the size to tend goal at this 
level. This would allow jUnior Phillip 
Kenney to take his knowledgeable 
leadership throughout the field while 
Stadler plays goalkeeper. 

Kenney may nO! be completely happy 
to roam around Muir Field for the rest 
of the season, however. A disgusted 
Annstrong grimaced as he noticed the 
"terrible" condition the field is now m. 
Blotches of crab grass and weeds cover 
the playing field that remtnds one of a 
potatO patch after harvest. 

This problem shouldn't concern the 
team imm~diately, however, since the 
Tritons are currently on a four-game 
road trip which began at the Azusa 
Pacific University campus and will 
eventually take them to the University of 
San Diego. Annstrong stressed the 
importance of these games, alld fel t his 
team had the capability to come home 
with four victories. "We should be able 
to win all of them: he added, "but a tie 
would not be disastrous at UC Davis." 

"After the road trip, we've got two 
really tough games at home against 
Chapman College and Colorado 
College ," stated Annstrong. "If we win 
those twO games and do well on the 
trip, we'll have to make the playoffs, 
Every game we play from now on is 
important to keep us in there (in the 
national rankings)." 

The Chapman game, which will be 
played at Muir Field on Monday, 
October 15, could very well be the 
deciding factor as to whether the 
Tritons reach POSt season play for the 
second year in a row. A loss against 
Point Lorna three days ago would 
probably have knocked UCSD out of the 
DiVIsion III Top 20 and ruined the 
Tritons' chances of reaching Lhe 
championships. UCSD had never been 

ranked in the Top 20 before this week. 
Annstrong felt that his squad's 

comeback victory over Point Lorna 
Nazarene was a "return from death" that 
saved the Tritons' season. Although this 
"resurrection" is not of biblical 
proportions, Monday'S game did allow 
the Triton's to head into the tougher 
part of their schedule with the luxury of 
knowing their season is still in from of 
them. 

Vic Sllvama heads upjield with the ball. 

Ffog comes a rrolling in this wweekend 
I g IS ccoming again, and this 

year It will be bigger and better than 
befe e.Join Campus Recreation, the 
AsSOCiated Students and Bud Light 
fo r the second edition of the Fall 
Festival on the Green, Fnday, 
October 5 from 11 am-? pm on Urey 
Lawn and the Hump. 

The Hog has jOined wiLh the 
Assoctated Students' Bizarre Bazaar 
to give students, faculty and staff a 
day of fun , food. informaLion, 
entertainment, and a warm welcome 
to the new sc hool year. 

The FaD Festival on the Green, in 
additlon tobeinga wild event, is also 
Jammed full of Information 
regarding students organizations 
(10 ludmg the Guardian). recreation 
clubs and classes, intercollegiate 
aLhletics. craft center aCtiVItieS, 
Intramurals and information on just 
a an>~hing ' h ~' pertaan t 
ca fl US I;f_ 

At noon enjoy a 99¢ barbeque 
lunch while kicking back and 
listening to the tunes of Jimmy 
Cheatham's Jazz Ensemble. Other 
special activities taking place are a 
breakdancing performance, free 
ma.ssages, holiday cooking 
demonstraLions, rope course, races, 
frisbee golf, a banana split eating 
contest , a TG at 4:30 pm featuring 
the Mar Dels and loads of other 
entertainment, things to see, people 
to do, and places to eat. 

On Saturday, October 6 at 7 am, 
the gun will sound to stan the annual 
Hog Triathlon, an individual relay 
race consisting of an BOO-meter 
swim, is-mile bike ride and four-
mile run . This low-key competitive 
race has spots for just 80 compet-
itors. Pick up an entry form at 
Campus Recreation before it be-
comes a sell-out. 

HOR is on its way: ddon'! mmlss it. 

Thursday, Ocr. 4,1984 13 
SVDA.TS 

, ' ~ ~ ... ' ,~. '" ...... '.';" • ,N" .'~' • • 'n'"06: "5" ... ." . ",' 

CSD invades the n-...... 

By BRUCE WKE 

BEGINNING IMr THURSDAY, the UCSD men's warer polo ream made its yearly swing to Nonhern 
c.Jifornia for three days of competition 
at Claremont, Scanford and Berkeley. 

Thursday, the ream made an 
unwanred stop on its way to the 
Nonhern California Tournament to play 
its number-one rival, Claremont-Mudd. 
The Tritons normally play in a 30- by 
2O-meter pool, and were displeased to 
have to play the Stags in their 25-yard 
pool Triton coach Denny Harper said 

he was "not happy with the setting" 
because of the effect the smaller pool 
had on the Tritons' normal counter-
attacking game. The Tritons suffered a 
hard-fought 12-11 loss, but Harper also 
added that the Stags deserved a measure 
of credit for their win, commenting that 
"Claremont was tough in their own 
yard." 

On Friday, the Tritons moved up to 
Stanford to play the Cardinal team and 
the University of the Pacific. UCSD 
opened the tournament against co-host 
Stanford, the number-three-ranked team 
in the nation . Althoug~ the Tritons 
played hard , and despite the fact that 
Harper likes the opportunity to play "the 
pro teams- the scholarship teams," 
Stanford was just tOO strong for the 
Southern California team, handing the 
Tritons a 13-2 loss. UCSD convened on 
only one out of nine "man advantage 
situations ," and the Triton coach voiced 
the fact that it is very difficult to win 
against a team of ?tanford's cali ber 
when nm taking advantage of such 
opponunities. 

uter the same day, the Tritons put 
fonh their best effort of the trip against 
the tenth-ranked Division III team from 
UOP. Despite playing nearly !'he entire 
second half without team captain Bill 
Kazmierowicz, who was ejected after 
committing his third foul of the game 
within the first three minutes of the 
second half, UCSD extended UOP to a 

Duncan Millar has this ball uryitr wraps. 

sudden-death overtime period. In the 
added stanza, however, UOP scored on 
its first possession immediately 
following a Triton penalty, sending the 
visitors to the locker room with a 
difficult 6-5 loss. 

SaTUrday, the scene shifted to 
Berkeley as the Tritons played number-
16-ranked Division m rival UC Davis. 
Last year, the Davis team was the top 
seed for the Divison DI Western 
Regionals, which were held in San 
Diego. The Davis coach did not allow 
his team to come to the tournament, 
stirring up qUite a controversy. There 
was much talk regarding the reason for 
Davis' absence, and the conclusion 
drawn by Harper is that the Davis coach 
"didn't think his ream could beat 
(UCSD), and they wouldn't have." The 
Triton team controlled SaTUrday's game 
throughout,handing Davis an 8.-6 loss. 

UCSD closed out the tournament 
against fourth-ranked Cal Berkeley, and 
despite playing bener than they had 
against Stanford, the Tritons lost to the 
Bears 1,3-4, prompting Harper, in 
referring to Cal and Stanford , to confess 
that at this time the UCSD team "can't 
compete with them in their own pools." 

Despite winning only one of the four 
games on the trip, UCSD moved up a 
notch in the ratings from 15th to 14th 
based on the performances against UOP 
and UC Davis. 

Next up for UCSD is the Triton 
Tournament this Saturday at the 
Canyonview Pool. The Tritons get a 
chance for a measure of revenge against 
Claremont, now ranked 20th in Division 
III, ina game that figures to be close 
throughout. Game time is 9 am. Other 
games for the Tritons in this one-day 
tournament feature UC Riverside aL 
noon and Occidental at 4 pm. ~ 



., 

• 

DONi BE A CHIMp, 
THINK ABOUT ITI 

A Discount Card buys 
6 admissions for 

$15.00 plus well give 
you 2 more movie 

tickets FREE! 
Hurry, offer expires 

Halloween, 1984. 

Elias Hair Design 
Casual. Comfortable. Californian. 

(fcmnerly La Jolla 
Cutting Company) 
737 Pearl St., La Jolla 
456-1170 456-1815 

New.hop; 
7608 Linda Visra Rd. 
(Mesa College DR. & 163) 
U)8..8865 

Precition Ityle cuu for women $13 (reg. $18) 
Precition Ityle cuu for men $10 (reg. $15) 

Directional permi $ZS (reg. ~) • Sculptured naila (fuU tet) $18 (reg. $40) 
Manicure &. pedicure $15 (Teg. $28) . Cellophane $15 (reg. $25) 

One hour facial now $Z8 (reg. $40) 
Carefree T.e.B. curl $30 • Relax touch up $30 

Sp«ial good with ad with selected sl1lisu Ih,""gh 10/ 15/ 8. 

(Left to right) Bottom row: james Cooper, Dan Butcher, Tim Pickwell, jack 
Bloom, jim Keenan. Top row: Stuart Schoenmann, Chris Hanington, Dave 
Mueller, Ron Drobeck , Matt Benet, Mike Cantina. 

Welcome back to UCSD and 
welcome to Miller time. The Miller 
Brewing Co. is proud to continue the 
Lite Beer Intramural Team of the 
Week program. Teams will be 
chosen for this prestigIOUS award 
not only by their win-loss record or 
athletic ability, but also by their team 
spirit , sportsmanship and all -
around enthusiasm [or the game. 

The year's first Lite Beer Team of 
the Week award goes to the men 

from BUll State. Last year's M 
football champs moved up with the 
big boys and knocked 01T the 
preseason favorite TKE with a 15-7 
victory Captain Tim Pickwell's press 
release announced that Butt State 
would be a team to contend with 
come playolT time .. . and he may be 
right. Congratulations guys and 
good luck to all the other I.M. teams 
this year. 

UNCL 
Council Travel Services 

- -------- -- --- - - --- - - - --

WINTER BUDGET AIRFARES 
TOKYO - R/T FROM $559 

LONDON - R/T FROM $549 
HONG KONG - R/T FROM $665 

TAHm - R/T FROM $549 
PLEASE STOP INTO THE STUDENT CENTER 

OR CALL 452-0630 
- ~ ~ ~--- ----- - ~--- ----- - - - -

TEXAS INSTRUMENTS 
INCORPORATED 

Scientific Calculator with Prognmmlng 
and Statistics 

TI-55-11 

• 112 Powerful built-in functions for math, 
science. and engineering. 

• Simple programmability gives you added 
versatility, speed. _ 

• DeHnite integration of functions enteredlJ .. 
into program memory. ~.,.gm' • 

• Use up to 8 memories or 56 program ;1;;JmJi5: 
steps. . "Jd);;t;J;t;; .. 
452~291 ~~d~~ 

UIlIVERSITY BaDIiSTDRI 
COMPUTER CENTER 

WANTED: PILOTS 

Army Pilots Fly The 
Most Sophisticated 

Helicopters In The World 

t GREEN THUNDER" 
CALL Capt. Roberts 
or Major Sponbeck 

265-4943 
Be All You Can Be. ArmV 

ROTC 

S360 1NI!eIdy/14) mailing drcula-sl No 
bosses/quotasl Sincerely interested rush setr-
addressed erMIope: OMsIon t-eadquarters, 
Box 464CFW,lJVoodstod<, IL60098.110/221 

oaug"iters of lesbian mothers needed br 
studt. Only smarl amount of your time 
needed. Please ~I Carr julie Sctlwarti 459-
2100. 110/181 
Insurance warl \XIe'rr ~at any price or ~ 
don't want your business. Tldcets, accidents, 
sports cars, good driller/student cismunts: 
all ~. Carr 286-1135. Request UCSD 
Plan. 111/291 
Enter SId ClIb's 100 ft. long Sana SpIlt contest 
Oct. 5 QJOng frog 3:30 sig114) Caf¥JrMew 
S5/team of 4. 110/41 
San DIego Arts Foundation has IrnrnedIatr 
oper*9 br phoners 10 seI a greIt danC2 
SNSOI"II Part time. day & eve. shifts avail. 1f)'OU 
Io\oIe dance or want to make some cash In a 
flash tjve me a calli .Jeanine day 460-4315 or 
eIIe'1Ing 239-4949. 110/41 
Irlormal ~h: Get iI1I.d.Ied. meet people. 
make lasting friends, and MIe fun. !vYy 
Interested INOI'IIen please talk to Deborah in 
the Sorority oIIIce at the SIudent Center this 
week or call 457-5535. 110/41 

AI.C.H.E. meeting 4:00 pm toni!ttt TI"lurs. 
Oct. 4 Revelle Formal Lounge. Come meet 
the faculty and brOwn nose. 110/41 

Hamsl Interested in starting a dub and 
station on ~ 1 NI i It!I ested iiInab!Ur 
radio operators and other Sludents should 
calf ~ N6.*tMJ 453-1981.110/4) 
BIqde: Women's Raleigh J.speed. c:naster 
brake. ~t 567. call 1Catt\'/45H775 
after 3:30. (10/4) 
BqcIes: 2 women's, I men's 3-speed, COISRr 
bralce. 547 N. call K.Itt\'/45H775 after 
3:30. 110/4) 
Assemblies of God Students: Please QII 
Pas1Dr SteYe at 459-5666 01455-1264.110/4) 
Israeli Food: talk with students IM10 tale 
been 10 Israel or just c:ome to eat. Monday 
the 8th. 6:30 ReYelIe Inbrmal Lounge.IIO/B) 
Be I step ahead of everyone else In the job 
ma-Icet-8eo:lme an ASlO IrUmI Info 
meeting on TUes., 10/9 at 7 pm In the Revelle 
CormIJter Lounge. (10/41 
Come watctl/sIg1l4) br SId CkJb's Sana Split 
cootest 3:30-fIbg. Drop by our tabIe-Dy a 
Techni sldAI(10/4) 
Aerobics. Massage. Sign up. Judo. 

~I. Ballet. A plus. Tennis. Jazz. 
QInyctMew.(10/41 
Need a stu4t break 1 Slgll4) br an aerobic 
class at ~. They're fun ~ 
~(1O/4) 

NIIII1811BIII 
P~E PlAYOff TICKETS: TIckets available 
for Pac*'es vs. Cubs ~ games. Call Jeff, 
458-9999 or 452-3466. 110/41 
' 78 Ford Must AM/FM em. 68,000 miles. 
Good tend. 52,700 obo. Caroline 457-3074 
or 459-9541. 110/81 
FUTONS: Bed and mudl in one. Handmade 
of ICJOCIII mtton, mmfortable and atrordable. 
Goldl!n Moon. 274-4574. 110/41 

1974 Ford PInto Wagon. Auto,'new brakes, 
steel radials. shocks, custom wheels, radio, 
roof rack. SIOOO. 454-2089. 110/111 
Must sefl 78 K26SOSR mag wheels. 3 disc 
brakes, new wiring harness, chain and 
sprockets. S800 080. Call ~ at 276-
5427. 110/4) 
Men's 27' Io-speed bike. Real good tend. 
Must set It1Is week. sao. Carr 450-1493. 
110/41 
8ar!jo I'>JtRIez Delux. Brass tone ring-multi 
pIyINood rim. Hard case. A beautyl Ulce new. 
5375. 453-2464. 110/4) 
Subilru bIow-out sale. 84 Subilru cars rrust 

~ soIdl Call .James at Conwifj Subaru/.Jag 
2SO-I770. 110/4) 
For Sale-<omfortable queen sized bed SSO, 
)-drawer desk 520. 1978 Toyota Corolla, 
52500. Marc 755-7075. 110/41 

Bio M¥xsjPre-Meds-ouy 4 years of 
~I bio fI'lC!lor notes, test. problem 
sets. ,o\s a study aid inllaluable. CNe( 20 classes 
for 5250 obo. Call 3.86 GPA at 755-7075. 
(10/41 
Couch: with lbIdaway bed. Best offer ASAP. 
Diy 457-1595. nite 455-7904. Ask for Bany. 
(10/41 
WIndsurfer for sale. liegular and high wW1d 

~ \MJOden boom. Call Erik 481-
0271. S250,foft'er. 110/8) 
'81 HondI Express Moped. good mnd., 
tuned 14). SU). Mal)' 296-3748 ewnings. 
110/41 
FooseDIII table, good CDlIdItIon, fast. ~. 
mmpIete parts, SIOO linn. Honda >a.-500, 
1981 good condItioI ~ qne strong. only 
5,200 mites. S7SO obo. call ~after 12pm 
276-0147. (10/41 

Found: Swimmers cap .-Id goggles. Call ~I)' 
at 45~9595 and ~ a message. 110/8/ 
DoberIIWI A..m' 4 months old. well cared 
for, bAnd on lhIrd CaIege near ~. 
Call 459-6899. 110/41 
Found: Badcpack with shOeS and musical 
instrument 454-6982. (10/4) 

UCSD 

BLOOD DRiVE 
ocr. 8.9.A10 

Revelle-Infonnal Lounge 
ocr. 11 

SID Marine Biology Conference 
Room 4500 

10 .... -3 p.DI. 

FREE-T Shirts, Donuts, Omnge 
Juice, & Coffee 

lIt##iiilllll 
Male and Female spacrs available In ~ 
Dorms-caU 452-3025 or corne to the Rev. 
Res. Dean's Oft. 110/41 
Private room in modo near UCSD for run-
loving studious ~Ie. 5300 includes utilities. 
Call Heather or Katt¥ at 451-2915. 110/41 

tdHm01111111 
Tennis pi¥,": 8pe to A pIa)tef wanted for 

co~tiIIe and fun play. Call \XfaoJne 453-
7346. 110/41 
Schedulers \Mlrking in Sormlto \/alley for a 
nationwide mobile health screening 

~. Good cornrrunication and phone 
skills required. Must ~ dependable. FIexit* 
tnJrs and exceIII!Ilt union benefits. CallJom 
Cole, 275-0753. 110/11) 
Interested In optometry7 If ' so the 
q>tometric EJcpress is looking br a parttimer 

~elcencls e\IeIlings, 17-21 hours wk. Gain 
experience and eam IT1OI"IeY too. Call Chris at 
453-3615 or stop by UTC Ibr an application. 
110/41 
I want the Econ 172 book badl Hillier"s Intro. 
10 Oper. Research. No reasonable price 
refused 452-9104. 110/41 
Wanted. Malh book-used math 2IY\-
Intra. to Diff. EC1lS- by Ross. Please all 450-
1493. 110/41 
\IIIet Suit: IJrIIII purchase rnediun men's wet 
suit Need for scuba dMng. Call 695-8670 
c1Jring evenings. 110/81 

Congatulations rtNI SIgma Kappa pledges. 
\XIe 1ft so prpud of )'CU. lDII'e )'CUI" SIgma 
Sisters. 110/41 

Congratulations to our ~ Qmicron PI 
pledges-HNther, Jocelyn. Karen, PIper, 
MldleIe, ~, Donna. and Eileen. 'fbu are 
the best pledges anyW1ereI \XIe Io\oIe you alIA 
110/41 
To my Cpie-HiIppy ~ biIby. 11oIIe)'CU 
more row Itlan 27 I'I1OI'1th5 ago. '/burs 
faith(ully aiW¥ ~. (10/4) 
EiJeen-Happy I*dgi Ig.' am sogladlD MIe 
you as my Mate SIs-ADf.1oIIe from ycu big 
sis Horty. 110/41 
Spider Molester: Spider's OK detIIIer V2 doz. 
donuts ID CorTmner lounge 10/4 at 10:30. 
Be alone. PRTF. 110/4) 
.k.I/Ie MIller: I'm so glad you're my SIgma 

Thursday, Oct 'I . 198'/ 15 

Kappa littleS/sl The fun times MJtjustbegUnl 
Big Sis. 110/41 
Inlie, I'm glad you iJle my little sister. You're 
great. l.oIIe, Your Big Sister. ('0/41 
AS Internship ofc. mtg. Tues., 10/7 at 7 pm in 
the RIe\/eIIe COO'lIl'lJte( I:.ounge. 110/4) 
Angel-I'm CDI1IIinced you're the best little 
sister In Sima Kappa. \XIe're going to ~ a 
great year. XO 1.DIIe, Your Big Sis. 110/41 
Melissa: 'Ibu'reone of the grandestgir'- .ere 
ever was. See you Sunday nig"i' .oIe, SSS. 
110/4) 
Be good to }«Ir ~. Sign up for an aerobic 
class IDdiri at Can)«Mew. 110/41 
Heather-I'm so excited to MJt}«l as my 
little sisl \Vek:omel Apha kM aIw¥, 
iIanna. 110/4) 
Enter the Ski CkJb's 100 It long Sana Split 
contI!St c1Jring frog. 3:30 sign up at our table, 
$5 a team. 110/41 
Pam. just watlt to say tha there is lots of fun 
to ~ had as a Sigma Kappa. Congraulations. 
liN, Big Sis. 110/41 

GMAT~T TUTOR. PhD SbJdent. Former 
instruaor ~r ~ US test-prep center; 4 
y!ars tNChing ecpetiellce. 1ntensiIIe, analytic 
ITIl'thod. An:Jr!w 459-7602. eIIeS. 110/81 
EXPERT Typing. Also cassettes & 
~ wortt. Spelling free. \XIe coe 
s.q.. 459-5818. 110/181 
Top Drawc!r SecretiriaI \M:>rd ProcessWIg. 
Reports. resumes. rn.n.tSaIpa. 5nJdent r.If1!. 
~ 481-4160. 111/29/ 
Models. Former UCSD GuarI:U1 Photo 
EditDr/UCSD calendar Photographer row 
proc1Idng ~, bw-<DSt modeling 
portfoios. Color ex 8&"'. call RIch ~ 
695-87K br appoirlt"i!ilt (10/29/ 
Need a couct1 etc. IT1CNeCI but 0\NI'l a 
Volkswagen1 Let hardworking mllege 
students ~ p.I dleaply. carr 455-1063. 
110/41 
Star ~rds T)Ping & \XA:lrd Proc:essing. 9580 
8Ik. Mtn. Rd. ST-G.. SIudent papers. Thesis. 
578-4041. 110/151 
1'I'eglant1 Troubled 1 E~ the atemaDYes 
10 abortion. Free professional counseling and 
seMc.es M!abIe. SiwI Diego ~ League 
24 hour hotIne: 583-5433, 94H515·110/15) 
T)'Ping-SI.25/page. Fast. neat & accur.e. 
SpeIW1g CDlleaed. Call 578-1123 before 10 
pm (10/41 
..tlIn a dass act. ~ sUI. .,abIe In 
G1fI1JUS rec's fall dcmes-Karate, aerocics. 
nmsage. 110/41 

CONSIDERING A LAW CAREER'] 

'" 

SOUfHWBSTERN UNIVERSITY SCHOOL OF LAW 
Loa Angeles. California 

A repreuntaltw from ~ Unl-.lty School of Law 
will be on campua 

Monday, OctOber 8, 1984 

Soulhwestam. the lalg8st fully-accredlted 
law school in Califomia. ia a modem. urban 
Institution located in the Wilshire Cenler 
area of Loa Angela .. In the mid .. of major 
law firms and corpoqle hMdquarters, the 
University is only a f_ milaa from alllte 
and federal court building .. govemmenllli 
law offlcea and regulatory agencies. 

Siudanta mayapplylooneoflourcou,.a 
of aludyleeding to the Juria Doctor degIee: 
• a thre. year lull-time day divieion 
• a four year part-time evening division 

• a four year par1-time day division. 
PLEAS (part-time Legli Education 
Alternative at Southwestern) 

• a unique ~nda' year alt..,.,.· 
tive curricular progfllm. SCALE 
(Southwestern" Conceptual Ap-
proach to legal Education) 

II )IOU are inlerelled in leeming more.tlout 
the !agel profession. the lawlChooI.lqIeri-
enee and the applicatiOn proce •• pIeue 
arrange 10 IMeI with ourre~n .. tlwby 
contacltng 

Career Placement Office 
(619) 452-4939 

SouI,,"at .... U~_ .. law .... _"'" pubIIc: ...... UI1,.a -"'"."01_100,_ 
.. "Hu_ So_~ty __ ""'Io"_on","_"_.cotor,_, ... tgton ,_or_ 
origin . or hoIndicap In ""'._1 .... __ to "'" _ .... In "'" _nIotll_ .. all\' 01 HI ~. 
empIoymen'. 'lnancialaid. --. ... _ oct"",, __ . 

••• 



.. ' 

16 Thul3day, OLI . 'I , 19 4 

Men'sAAA 
This division will be changed 

mostly by a rule change rather than 
graduation. The team most affected 
will be the defending champion 
PWP team. You see the guys in the 
1M depanment , by popular demand, 
ruled that the small qUiche ball that 
PWP used is no longer legal. I guess 
we will see if these guys are real men. 

If graduation hun anyone it was the 
always strong York Hunt Club. With 
the graduation of Eddie o.vak and 
RIck Wilbert they lack speed, but still 
have experience and bulk. 
The TKE's look like the ebraska of 

1M football . But like Nebraska they 
have already lost to an upstan Butt 
State Team. Look for Burda and 
Armell to be there In the end. 

Returning out of obscurity is the 
team that was in two, straIght 1M 
finals in 81 ' and 82', the Head Biter 
Offers. They're a little older and 
slower, but Erickson and Rau can 
still play. 

Last but not least is the oldest 
tradition in 1M sports, the guys from 
Chocolate City. They always have an 
abundance of talent and this year is 
no different. Led by Marlon 
Fairweather, they may return to the 
top of AAA 
Men's AA 
This is the diviSIOn better known as 

the 'We might not win, but we know 
that we can win M ' division . As 
usual, at the top of this division are 
teams who could defeat the 
Chargers on a bad day. Heck, some 
teams even call themselves the 
sandbaggers. Now that takes aim of 
gall. 
Lewd Sexual Conduct would 
probably be a'shoo in for the title this 
year, except they will also be affected 
by the qUiche football rule. 

Inquiry has already gone to Vegas 
and bet on themselves to win it all. 
The Jay and Jay ends get open every 
play. Quarterback IS a big question 
mark with the defection of 
outstanding Marc Dauber. 

The S.K. 's have probably one of the 
best QB's in 1M's, Ken Perry. Ken has 
a great arm with a good touch. HIS 
surrounding talent has always been 
in question. Look for last year's A 
champs Party Animals to be a factor. 
Led by this week's Bud Light Flag 
Football Player of the Week, Brian 
Mequet, they will be right there. 

Men's A 
Thls is the division of the famous 

lookout block. In other words this is 
the no blocking division . It's wide 
open football . 

Eldo's Orchld Pumpinis IS playing 
A football for the tenth year In a row. 
They are the San Diego Chargers of 
1M football They are always rated 
high but they always choke in the big 

o ••• 
u PA OR YOU! 

games. 
TO after TO has sensational QB 

Marc Dauber who should lead them 
to the Cadaver Bowl. 

Coed AA 
This is the heila O'Brien and Gang 

Division. They have won the 
championship the last couple of 
years. Last year they won averaging 
over 30 points a game and gave up 
only one touchdown all year. Their 
team name may give the coed M 
division an idea of what they think 
of the division. They are called the 
soft touch. 
Coed A 

This as always is a coin flipper 
division. It's a hard division to pick a 
winner in. 

The most experienced teams 
should do well. 

Swamp has the most experience. 

Here we all are. Back at UCSD and 
ready for a new year. But it wasn't 
that easy for yours truly to get here. I 
drove on campus and got out of my 
Budmobile at Muir and walked into 
the Intramural Office to see my two 
favorite spies, Mike Hipp and Scott 
Berndes, the 1M Czars. Wrong! They 
told me the 1M Office had been 
moved down by the new pool on the 
Warren Campus. I guess I knew that 
but habits are hard to break. But all 
the way over to Canyonview? How 
are all the 1M faithful going to get 
their schedules and complain about 
the Budman's top ten picks. Rumor 
has it that an 1M shuttle bus will be 
established to run from the pub to 
the 1M Office and back every half 
hour. It'll sure beat walking. 

It was a long haul over to 
Canyonview to the 1M Office. First of 
all someone tore up all the roads. 
There are roads where there were no 
roads and no roads or fences where 

the old roads were. I thought to 
myself, this place looks like a war 
zone not a university. All the trees by 
the police station had been bombed 
and were gone. Fences surrounded 
the site. 1 guess the radiation level is 
too dangerous. As 1 got closer to 
Canyonview, I saw what looked like 
Beirut after an attack. Half destroyed 
buildings of all different shapes with 
litde warriors all over them with 
helmets on. I finally found the 
friendly confines of the 1M Office at 
Canyonview. 

I'm still a litde jittery but as time 
goes on I know things will settle 
down and get back to normal. Until 
then ladies, watch out for 
construction workers. Now down to 
the business at hand. It's time for the 
fearless 1M Budman Preseason 
football predictions. You all know 
that I am rarely wrong. So hang by 
every word. It's the truth. Matt Adams and Dave Tollner have 

been here a long time. In fact, this 
team includes one of Matt's 
freshman daughters and two of 
Dave's. Bud Poll Floor Hockey Ratings 

Wish For A Bone Offense dropped 
down from M . But they lost the 
' team' when Gayle Flanders 
graduated. 

The Estate is probably an M team 
but has never done well in the 
playoffs, so who knows? 

The Desperados are the Oakland 
Raiders of 1M football, rough and 
tough. 

Bud Poll Flag Football 
Ratings <as of 10/1) 

Men's MA 
1. PWP 
2. York Hunt Club 
3. Chocolate City 
4. Head Biter Offers 
5. Butt State 
6. Split Her Like A Trout 
7. TKE 
8. AAA Team 
9. Ludes 

10. Snatch Catch 

Men's AA 
1. Lewd Sexual Conduct 
2. Inquiry 
3. SK' 
4. You Left Me High and Dry 
5. Sandy And The Baggers 
6. Coffee Achievers 
7. Muncie Supply Company 
8. Parry Animals 
9. Wrecking Crew 

10. Sudden Death Syndrome 

Men's A 
1. Eldo's Or hid Pumpinis 
2. Jonesers 
3. Spawns Of Hell 
4. Aquacrafter 
5. No Excuse 
6. TO After TO 
7. Serra Dorm Dudes 
8 Sneak It In 

0..:0 
1-0 
1-0 
1-0 
1-0 
1-0 
0-1 
0-1 
0-1 
0-1 

1-0 
1-0 
1-0 
1-0 
1-0 
1-0 
1-0 
1-0 
1-0 
0-0 

0-0 
1-0 
1-0 
1-0 
1-0 
1-0 
1-0 
1-0 

AAA 
1. AndyCapt (1-0) 
2. Blitzkrieg (1-0) 
3. Captain Dick &: Seamen (0-1) 
4. Revenge 0 (1-0) 
5. Goal Busters (O-l) 
6 . Flying Tigers (O-l) 

AA 
l. Risc-y Business 
2. ZamBoneeee 
3. Wilma Finger Dew 
4. Fried Tigers 
5. High Stickers 

A (Sandbag Division) 
1. Team Canada 

A (legitimate league) 
1. Baldy's Brigade 
2. Biohazards 
3. Your Freudian Slip Is Showing 
4. Wild Turkey 
5. Puck Stops Here 

Best women in the league 
They get the job done 
Stunned in opener 
Need to see more 
Should improve 
Reigning M champs looked weak 

What the puck? 
Waiting to pounce 
Found their niche 
Could overshadow sister team 
Let's see 

Move 'em up 

Fun bunch 
Tradition 
Weak name 
Opened up a winner 
Surprise team 

fte be., Iuu. ,..,. 
.ni,....,.. 

A taste th.Jts not Bi1SY to 
lind. Its some=u htlvs to 
stnve lor. In e . g you do. 

And when you '.., done It. 
when you 've found the best In 
yourself. tllSte it In the beer you 
c:lrinl. Ask lor Bud I.Jght~ 

BUD LIGHT 9 Revenge Of Santa Claus 1-0 10. Let's Get Jay 
Flag Football 

Player of the Week Coed AA 1. Soft Touch 
2. Let's Go Crazy 
3. Fourth And Inches 
4. Gidget Goes to Zimbabwe 
5. Team Bozo 

Coed A 
1. The Estate 
2. Desperados 
3. SWAMP 
4 Hoot Monster And Lany 
5 WIsh For A Bone Offense 
6. Docla 2B 
7.0h K Team' 
8. Portola I\:opl • 
9 B.lJ Knl:L~ 

JO An hors Away 

1-0 
1-0 
0-0 
0-0 
0-1 

0-0 
0-0 
1-0 
J -0 "3 
1-U 
\-0 
1-0 
1-0 
0-0 
0-0 



Magazine SeNing the UCSD Community 

October 4.1984 



Editor 
ANDREW KEELER 

Anodate Editor 
CHRIS YOUNG 

Contributinll Editon 
ETHAN FEERST, JOAN 
FORSBERG, RONA HU, 

JAMES RALPH PAPP 
Staff 

MIKE AHN, RODDY 
BOGAWA. ANDREA 

HARMON, KRISTIN KALA, 
KAREN KELLEY, JEFF 

MUNI • JOHN NEE, ART 
SALAZAR, CARL STATER, 

ROOER STEPHENSON 

Editorial 452-3466 
Adverti.ina 452-3468 

Hiatw is published every 
Thursday of the academic year 
as a supplement to the UCSD 
GUARDIAN. Reproduct-ion 
or use without written 
permission of any portion of 
this magazine IS a no·no. We 
welcome unsolicited letters, 
manuscripts. and artwork, but 
assume no responsibility for 
the return of such. Send 
information to: 

HIATUS 
8-016, IA Jolla, CA. 92093 

Contents 
Cover: Del Mar artist 
Faiya Fredman's mixed 
media works are on display 
at Mandeville. See story on 
page 3 . 

Bob's Book Report. .. page 2 
In this week 's excltmg 

installment, Robert "the 
Lunatic" Leone uncovers a 
new thriller that's "Lightning." 

On campus . . . . . . . . .. page 4 
The University Events 

Office offers puppets , 
acrobatic jugglers and a dance 
troupe to make a smashing 
week. 

The Opera . . . . . . . . . . page 5 
James Ralph Papp says the 

production of Peter Grimes has 
set a standard that the rest of 
the season must try to live up 
to. And when JRP speaks . .. 

Goings on page 7 

Bob's Book Report 

Quite a bolt 
By B.B. LEONE 

Lightning, the latest instaLLment in Ed McBain's 87th Precinct 
saga, is just not up to par. Yes, it does have its sparkling 
moments, but they are too few, too short and too disjointed. 
This is not a police procedural for the masses, but rather a fix 
for the adiets. Too many topical references, too few new 
characters, and too many old ones just kill the book. 

Normally one would stay blame or bad reviews from a writer 
as consistent and prolifie as McBain, but this book is just too 
terrible, or rather, too average and mediocre. For example, our 
dedicated 87th Precinct detective squad has to solve the case of 
a murderer who breaks the spines of college track runners and 
hangs the corpses on lampposts. Not once do these 
"detectives" start worrying because of the madman who is out 
there. What scares these tough men is the possiblity that the 
"Deaf Man," their own personal criminal mastermind, is back 
in town. 

Anyway, the 87th has one sieko stringing up people on 
lampposts, another sick mind committing a very methodical 
arrangement of serial rapes, and these jokers in the cop shop are 
worried about the De~f Man! By extension, the reader starts 
fearing the appearance of the specter, and when it aLI ends with 
nothing but a couple of mental cases in custody, everyone 
breaths in relief. Sorry, McBain, but that just is not a realistic, 
or meaningful, police procedural. 

Another problem is the quality of the writing. McBain writes 
in a very strange manner. His prose is pedestrian, except for a 
few moments when his writing, his powers of description, reach 
the pinnacle of expression in the English tongue. Some pieces of 
his writing (even in this book) cast a brilliant light on even the 
most sordid of matters. It is as if he writes and polishes fine 
gems in a notebook, and when he has enough, incorporates 
them in a story, strung together by hackwork. 

I'm sorry, Ed, but this book, even with the Hill StTeet Blues 
jokes, and even with two or five true jewels of scenework, and 
even with Meyer getting a wig, is just not enough to satisfy 
anyone, except someone who needs a fix of McBain. 

r:::~~~;;'~"--------The Office of Campus Recreation, .-------.. 
Friday, october 5 ASUCSD & IBUDUCiJITI prese~n~t: .................. ~.., 

2 Hiatus Oct. 4, 1984 

Dernonsttatlons 
Martia\ Arts 
Massage 
COOKing 
GymnastiCS 
AerobiC DOnce 

Windsurfing 

Annual Fall Festival 
on the Green 

• ..: • ••••• :::. ...... :(1 r.·~·:1 
.. ·······s····,···· ~-... 

~ * TG featuring * ~ THE MAR DELS 
,. 
\ 

"neg~ 
........... :.:: ..... ':.~ 1. . .... : ::;::::.:::.~:!"'.' ."" " 

:;. ;";.i·.·,:.:t,·.!·~," " 
.:- .. 

CAMPUS RECREATION Department of Physical Education x4037 

BV CHRIS YOUNG 
Are you tired of school already? 

How about a short vacation on 
Santorini, a smaLL Greek island? A 
part of this island is now on display 
at the Mandeville GaLLery in the form 
of Faiya Fredman'S Akroteri series: 
seven large mixed media works. 

During the summer of 1982 
Fredman left her Del Mar home and 
studio to sail aimlessly for eighteen 
days through the Greek isles in the 
Aegean Sea. While she was traveling 
she was photographing rocks, 
because she loves the forms. When 
the boat stopped at the island of 
Santorini she went to explore an on-
going archae logical excavation. Near 
the ~llage of Akroteri a Bronze Age 
city buried by a massive volcanic 
explosion 3500 years ago is 
graduaLLy being uncovered. Fredman 
took a series of black and white 
photos of the well preserved city, 
capturing a paradoxical sense of 
past-time existing within present-
time. 

On her return to Del Mar, 
Fredman began enlarging the photos 
to examine them more closely; 
eventually, a 4Q.. by 6O-inch image 
was printed in a sepia tone onto ' 
luminous paper and was in tum 
attached to canvas. This was merely 
the beginning; to capture the inviting 
depth of the excavated dweLLings, 
Fredman continued to expand the 
scope of the individual works. 
Building out from the canvas, she 
added elements from the world such 
as sand, rocks, wire and wood; 
contrasting the two-dimensional 
reality of the photos with a three-
dimensional presence on the canvas. 

The gap in dimensions is bridged 
by the use of acrylic paint subtly 
blending the imposed reality of 
stones and wood into the 
reproduced reality of the 
photographs. The result of this is to 
draw the viewer into the work, into 
the excavated area to explore the 
timelessness created by a preserving 
layer of volcanic ash. 

likes to interrupt the viewer's train 
of thought, pulling him or her into 
and out of the work. These 
geometrical shapes recur in the form 
of wood sculpture scattered about 
the floor of the gallery, emphasizing 
the break in the viewer's focus on the 
work. These shapes are the link 
between the far-away Greek isle and 
the Del Mar artist. They've occured 
in Fredman's work before, in many 
of the works composing her Tidal 
series, and this time serve to create a 
sharp contrast between the soft 
edges of the rocks and the hard lines 
of the sculpture. 

Faiya Fredman is fascinated by 
lines and space. She has tried to 
capture the arbitrary occurence of 
lines in nature by reproducing lines 
in her work. From the ceiling of her 
studio hang long strips of clear 
plastic, imposing lines on reality. For 
several years Fredman tried to 
reproduce the simple beauty of the 
tidelines which ran along in front of 
her beachfront home. She began by 
trying to do the work herself until 
she finally thought of allowing 
nature to do it for her. This led her to 
cover a canvas with liquid adhesive 

and place it on the sand, replicating 
the lines left by the tides. 

In her work on the Akroteri series, 
Fredman sought to remove the 
particular points of reference in the 
original photos to lend a sense of 
universality to her works. She de-
emphasized the things in the photos 
which would lead people to think of 
them as "Greek." She recognizes 
that the crumbling Village appears 
old but points out that the ruins 
could just as easily be Native 
American or Mexican as Greek. 
More important than the specific 
time or place are the lines and space 

,that make up the works. Fredman 
: contends that preserving the specific 
qualities such as "Greek" or 
"ancient" in her work would impose 
walls restraining the freedom of the 
viewer to take the work as far as 
possible. In the same vein she does 
not sign her works or give them 
fanciful tities, it is important for the 
viewer to use his or her imagination. 

Fredman's exhibit is here on 
campus because of Gerry 
McAllister, Mandeville Gallery 
Director and the exhibit curator who 
collaborated with the gallery 
directors of UC Irvine and UC 
Riverside to obtain a grant from the 
Intercampus Arts Committee to 
fund the exhibit. Though this is not 
the first art exhibit to originate at 
UCSD, it is the first to travel from 
here and will go to both Irvine and 
Riverside. 

Though Fredman's relation with 
UCSD is purely professional, her 
admiration for the art department on 
campus is evident. She likes the fact 
that artists who are teaching are 
work ing out in the world as well, 3S it 
is important to give the students a 
sense of the reality and difficulty of 
the art world. 

Take a trip through the corridors 
of Faiya Fredman's work. Take a trip 

... through time and space as seen ~ through her eyes. Take a break 
!2 today, saunter over to the west end 
6 of Mandeville Center and explore 
.Ii' her mind and your own. Gallery j 'hours are noon to 5pm Tuesdays 
----~ ~ through Sundays. There is no 

The one element of Fredman's 
pieces which pulls the viewer away 
from exploring the ancient city is the 
superimposition of geometrical 
shapes onto the canvases. Fredman 

ATtilt Faiya Fredman: "Some dli..,.s newr cM..,.e. you always lou your roof." admission charge and the show will 
run through October 28. 

HAIRCUTS $695 
Includes: 

• Shampoo 
• Conditioner 

only 
Also Featuring: 

Curls. Relaxers and Waves 

PERMS $1995 
Includes: 

• Shampoo 
• Conditioner 

only 

Using TCB Products With Specialists Willie or Ike 

OPEN 7 DAYS 
APPOINTMENT NOT NECESSARY 

UNIVERSITY TOWNE CENTRE - 455-0420 

LA JOLLA MUSEUM OF CONTEMPORARY ART 
presents 

[THE] "As zany as Monty Python, as surreal as the receiving room at Bellevue." 

This Saturday, October 6. at 8:00 pm 
Admission $5.00 LJ MOCA members, students. sen iors. 

$7.00general. LA JOLLA MUSEUM OF CONTEMPORARY ART 
700 Prospect St .. La Jolla Reservations (619) 454-3541 

Tickets also available at the S.D.S.U. Aztec Center 
and U.C.S.D. Student Center bo. offices. 

Th is program is a part 01 

PERFORMANCE PARAMETERS 

Od. 4, 1984 HUicus J 



THE 1984 HONEYWELL 
FlJIURIST AWARDS 

COMPETITION 

TRAVEL AGENDA: Your mission, 
should you decide 10 accept, is 10 trans-
port your.;elf 25 years into the future, 
take a look around and write three essays 
of up to 500 words each. For the first 
two essays, you are 10 write about signif-
Icant developments in any two of the 
following subject areas: 

1) Electronic Communications, 
2) Energy, 3) Aerospace, 4) Marine 
Systems, 5) Biomedical Technology or 
6) Computers. in a third essay. you 
are to write about the societal impact 
of the changes you've predicted Your 
enmes "ill be judged according 10 
creativity (30%), feasibility (30%), clarity 
of expression (30"'0) and legibility (10%). 
PASSENGER QUALIFICXIlONS: 
Any person enrolled as a regular 
full· time student at an accredited U.S. 
college or unl\e"ity may enter, ",th 
the exception of fuU·nme faculty memo 
bers. previous wmners and Honeywell 
employees 
PACKING LIST: To enter the COOlest. 
type (or clearly pnntl your n3me, 
3ddre . college and declared major on 
an I.) x JJ" heet of paper. We also 
need your T-shm Size so we can 
send you a H neyweU Futurist T-shirt 
de,lgned by French IUu5traLOr Jean 
Michel Folon. Each of the three essay 
should be ryped. double-spaced. on 
separate ') x II" heets« uhotll your 
name at the top. All ,heets should be 
'tapled together and sent. unfolded. to; 

The Honeywell Fururist Awards 
Competition, P.O. Box 2009F, 
600 South County Road 18, 
Minneapolis, Minnesota 55426. 

All enmes must be postmarked no 
later than December 31.1984. Winners 
will be notified by mail by February 
I 1985. All prize will be awarded. 
PAYLOAD: A LOlal of 30 winners wiU 
be selected and awarded the following 
prues: 

10 First Place Wmners will receive 
$2.000 and an all· expense paid trip for 
rwo to the Honeywell Futurist Awards 
Banquet m Minneapolts. They wiU 
also be offered a paid 1985 Honeywell 
Summer Internship. 

10 Second Place Wmners wiU receive 
250. 

lO Honora ble Mention Winners wJl 
receive $100. 

All enmes are subject to offiCial 
rule and regulations for partiapahOn 
and entry If you are mtere ted in 
receiving a copy of more detailed regu-
lations. Wnte . Futurbt Rules, P.O Box 
2009. 600 South County Road 1 . 
MmneapoLs. Minnesota 55426. 

Together, we can find the anlWefS. 

Honeywell 

.. Hianu Oct. " , 1984 

• 
• 
• 

Thoee zany Ayina Karamazov 
Brothen wUl Juale meat cleaven .. 
well .. a pale of auorted itema in 
their .how on Wedneaday in 
Mandeville. Do not mi •• it. 

FANTASY IS THE FUEL OF THE FUTURE. 

THE 1984 HONEYWELL 
FUTURIST AWARDS 
COMPETITION 

Beyond scientific speculation and extrapolation, perhaps 
the richest inspiration for imagining the future comes from 
exploring our daydreams and realizing that today's fantasy may 
become tomorrow's reality. If you have imagined what our 
world will be like in 25 years, now is your chance to release those 
thoughts - tempered with your knowledge of technology -
by entering the 1984 Honeywell Futurist Awards Competition. 
If your ideas are among the most imaginative and feasible, you 
will be awarded $2,000, a trip to a futurist awarc4 banquet and 
a Honeywell internship. Read the accompanying travel plans to 
find out how to enter. And fuel up for a trip to the year 2009. 

Together. we can find the .... wen. 

Honeywell 

The best 
in the west 
• In town 

By JAMES RALPH PAPP 
Peter Grimes is as good as anything 

the San Diego Opera produced last 
season, although we hope not as 
good as anything else they do this 
season, since that would ruin the 
suspense for us. You will not see 
better opera on the West Coast, a 
friend who has just arrived from the 
stalls of the San Francisco ()pera 
House assures me, than you will see 
just now at the Civic Theater. This 
Sunday is the last day to see this 
unsurpassed opera, in the form of. 
Peter Grimes, at least. 

If one listened to a soundtrack of 
the audience reaction, applause, 
bravos and bravas, Peter Grimes 
would not strike one as much of a . 
success. It is only forty years old, and 
that is not an age that automatically 
demands respect among opera 
attenders. By its nature there are no 
arias and pauses at the end of scenes 
to offer the sort of convenient break 
where Hollywood live audiences are 
presented clapping cues and musical 
audiences break in to express their 
enthusiasm. . 

Many elements go into the effect 
of the opera, and in this production 
the players and the producers 
emphasize each with individual 
strength and all with mutual 
support. Benjamin Britten uses a 
simple and, on the face of it, 
innocent story (from librettist 
Montagu Slater), and with the 

Patricia Cauill" and Richard Craig in "Peter Grima": Opera at it. {inest. 

element of tragedy and great, ' 
modern tragic music, the small 
fishing community becomes the 
setting for an archetypal enactment 
of tragedy for the fisherman Peter 
Grimes, a mystery that, still 
unsolved, causes Grimes's death. 

The power of the music of course 
cannot come through to the 
audience without powerful 
performance by the singers and 
mUSICIans, and the powerful 
imagination of the producers. 
Despite the doubtful acoustics of the 
Civic Theater, none of the singing 
fails to reach the unfortunately 
nonplussed ticket holders. Richard 
Cassilly in the title role, and Patricia 
Craig as the widowed schoolmistress 
and one apologist for Grimes, sing to 
particular effect. But the outstanding 

force of the chorus, the perfect 
balance with the orchestra 
conducted with insight by James 
Lockhart, and the skill of the minor 
singers (if anyone in this 
performance can be considered to be 
minor) combine to color the leading 
performances with peculiar 
briUiancy.. 

If you see and hear one opera this 
season, and if I have to review half a 
dozen of them you might at least go 
once, this should be it. Perhaps the 
San Diego Opera will put on a better 
production this year, ot lA Traviata, 
Hansel and Gretel, The Merry Widow, 
La Boheme, or Oberco, but it is 
difficult to see how. It is risky to wait 
for the off-chance. For perhaps the 
price of a good movie, Peter Grimes 
can give you great art. 

A great 
Graham. 
dance 

By KAREN KELLEY 
Martha Graham (the grand dame, 

pioneering genius, etc.) of modern 
dance is sweeping into San Diego 
tomorrow and staying through 
Sunday with her company for what 
promises to be a weekend of exciting 
performances. This IS a rare (and 
slightly expensive) opportunity to 
see the work of an artist whose 
innovation and impact on modern 
dance has been compared with 
Picasso's in art. 

She will showcase her vividly 
austere dance vocabulary in both 
new and classic choreography, the 
former having opened to mixed 
reviews. Her major new work, The 
Rite of Spring, is danced to 
Stravinsky's score, and plays Friday 
and Sunday nights. Its arresting 
theme, the selection of a sacrificial 
victim who eventually accedes to her 
own destruction, marks the stage tor 
striking theatrics. However, some 
critics have attacked the quality of 
the piece's expression. Phaedra's 
Dream, another controversial new 
work, has an erotic, homosexual 
focus, and plays Friday and Saturday 
nights. The program also includes 
some of her earlier works revived, 
such as E! Penitente. 

They will perform at the Spreckles 
Theater. Tickets are $10, $16 and 
$28 and are available at the 
Spreckels Box Office, Ticketton and 
Ticketmaster outlets. 

UCSD University Events Office presents 

Oct. 4, 1984 H.... S 



1-4' IOUTH (EDIOJ OUE IOtono IEIKH (a ~75 

Gene Oar!< from the 
'60s group the BYRDS 
FlREBYRDS 
with a solo opener 
byGeneOark 

THE 
MAR 
DELS 

CHICAGO &IX 5:J0.8:30 pm 

Saturday, October 6 
1ST ANNUAL BELLY OPCELEBIUI'Y SORFOFF 
Oct. 6. 8:JOam·2pm" 50<0_ (""""end 01 Solana Iloech). FeMuring sufolYs b<I-.1 SUlfe,lIOd 
BtNkout "-doe. the 10<:.1 SUtf shops. 91X. _Dome",. ""', DeIs. Dir1< Dd>onoire 5UnesUp 
Jot:y Harris. SUIf Raiders. _ Fonnen. T9m T~ and \\IaIt RliIIps (01 surffllm fame) Dk:k 
DoIe ... 1 '- the e.enland hand out"" a_nIs thal,,;ghl at"'" Bolly Up Tinen 

Saturday. October 6 9 pm 
DICIlDALE& nlEDELTONE8 

Sunday. October 7 

and 

~ 
80RF 
R'UDERS 

5-9 pm-.ooGIE BUll! IOIIDAYB COHiDtal! 
f1VE CARELESS LOVERS 

and the 

BAD HABRS HORNS 
and special guest .JAIIII!S IIAIIJIMIII 

9:30 p.n-
THE MAR DEI,s 

Monday. October 8 9 pm 

IDIIIRIK~ r A. '-
IDIEIOOINIAlIIRIE 

/'>'()nday Night Football 
3 giant screens 

Happy Hour during game 

Coming: Thursday. October I I 9pm 
Texas Rf,B 

JOHNNY 
RENO 

11IE 
SAl[ 
MANIACS 

ANNIVERSARY THANKS 
We want to thank everyone who participated in our 
10 year anniversary celebration and to our local 
friends who have supported us over the paSi years. 
Special thanks to BASEBAll GOLD and THE 
CARAVElLE BEACH CWB. MAllITlAN for 
donating those great prizes. Thank ~u all. 

FOR INFORJIIIADON CAU.481-90Z2 
6 Hicatus Oct. 4 , 1984 

Movies 

UCLA films spell 
commercialism 

BV ETHAN FEERST 
If imitation is the sincerest form of 

flattery .. . . 
Filmaking is not easy. Filmaking 

with virtually no money is extremely 
difficult. Trying to mimic film 
stylings of the Big Boys from Tinsel 
Town under deprived economic 
conditions is idiotic. Screening the 
stuff as a product of "The Spielbergs 
and Coppolas of Tomorrow" is 
pretentious and insulting. 

Some voice buried in the deep, 
dark corners of my mind surfaced as 
I watched UCLA's retrospective of 
their "best" student films, recently 
screened at the Ken. "The 
economics determines the 
aesthetics," the voice said (in a 
distinctively French accent). 

The Spiel bergs and Coppolas of 
today have tens of millions of dollars 
at their disposal. The Spielbergs and 
Coppolas of tomorrow do not, to 
sa y the least. When the Spielbergs 
and Coppolas of tomorrow try to 
imitate the Spielbergs and Coppolas 
of today, in form and attitude, they 
are only fooling themselves. The 
more these films denied the 
economic conditions under which 
they were made, the more those 
conditions were revealed. 

These are student films, and it is 
appropriate to screen them in an 
academic environment, at student 
film festivals, etc. It is insulting to 
fob them off as the latest piece of up-
and-coming hipness at the local 
movie house ($4 admission at the 
Ken). Are these students studying to 
make good films? Or · are they 
involved in some kind of role-
playing exercise? 

These are talented filmmakers. It 
is unfortunate that UCLA has honed 
them into attempting to emulate 
such a narrow-minded, technically 

)[ >( ')e ll " ,or,,.. ,S<: 

oriented school of filmmaking 
(CastLetracks, directed by Chris 
Painter, is one promising exception). 
This retrospective is a marketing 
ploy - a sales pitch for UCLA and 
its grads. This is, however, UCLA. 
When in Rome .. . . 

* * .. 

• Under The Volcano, Cuernavaca, 
Mexico, 1938 ' A depressing, 
cliched tale of lost love regained, but 
alas, too late. Scenery and drama 
receive grandiose if not antique 
treatment at the hands of veteran 
director John Huston. Albert Finney 
as the aging, heartbroken, former 
dignitary is brilliant, but his constant 
intoxication becomes pointless and 
redundant. Jacqueline Bisset stars in 
a mediocre performance (at best) as 
the returning but rejected long, lost 
love. The Volcano stars as a symbol 
of the major world war yet to come, 
but little is done to incoporate this 
theme. 

* * .. 

Purple Rain ' At first glance a glitzy, 
glamorous, sexy Rock and Roll myth 
with Prince and MTVishdirectionat 
the helm. At second glance, the 
summer's most exciting pick, a 
visual treat bursting with vitality and 
energy. Success, sex and self-
gratification are the new mores being 
delivered with full force here. If not 
well acted or well written, it is at least 
honest. Albert Magnoli's handling of 
Prince and his musical entourage, 
Appolonia and The Time, is 
exceptional. These Rock and Rollers 
strut, primp and pose like the best, 
but it's all an inside joke, and the 
shtick is funny (especially Morris 
,Day and The Time). The musical 
scenes are a delight. 

nUDINT/ UNIO_/ MllrTAIY 
DISCOUNTS 

Group 
Series 

Rates 2'6 '52) 

Goings on . 
The Bosendorfer Grand Piano 

Series of 1984 opens Sunday, 
October 14, with a concert of 
new jazz and contemporary 
classics performed by Cecil Lytle 
and floutist James Newton. The 
pieces to be performed are as 
follows: Sonata for Flute and 
Piano by Hindemith, Varese's 
Density lU .5, Piano Sonata 
Number 4, op.30 by Scriabin, 
Messian's Le Merle Noir, and four 
original compositions by James 
Newton. Tickets for the series 
are $12, general admission seats 
are $5 for each performance and 
$3 for srudents and seniors. 452-
3229. 

* .... 

Warks Still in ProgTess with Lily 
Tomlin of Laugh In and All of Me 
fame will play at the Old Globe 
Cassius Carter Theater 
through October. Limited 
seating is available for each 
performance. Ticket prices are 
$10 for weekend performances 
and $8 for weekdays. 239-2255. 

* .. * 

The Failure of Roses, an 
intermedia theater piece of 
potent scent, will be presented at 

the Center for Music Experiment 
Friday and Sarurday atB pm. The 
program is a combination of live 
performance, live music, a 
mainframe computer slide show 
and other keen things. 452-
4383. 

...... 

Thursday, October 11, in 
Mandeville Recital Hall there 
will be a tribute to Les Apaches, 
an early 20th Century group of 
artists, which included such 
names as Stravinsky and Ravel. 
What will make this coming 
tribute special is the re-creation 
of the Salon in which the 
organization met on Wednesdays 
to share their creative efforts 
with one another. Concert 
patrons are encouraged to wear 
cosrumes of the period and to 
participate as they see fit. 
Admission is $3 general and $1 
for students and seniors. 
Another event to look forward 
to next week is "Talk and 
Music," Friday, October 12, at 
the Center for Music 
Experiment. "Talk and Music" 
will range from samplings of 
conversation between mockin.g-

birds to underwater sounds. 
452-3229. 

* * * 

A one-hour special, Three 
Generations of the Blues will air 
Saturday at 9 pm on KPBS 
(channel 15). The program will 
focus on Sippie Wallace, Big 
Mama Thornton, and San 
Diego's own Jeannie Cheatham 
265-6415. 

* * .. 

Friday the Spirit will be 
jumpin to the bourgeois sounds 
of Limbo Slam, which includes 

members of the old Flaming 
Hibachis and The Capulets, with 
which all of you may be familiar. 
So bust out the IDs, get in the 
Lincoln and head to 1130 
Buenos Avenue. 276-3993. 

* * * 

Saturday at the Spirit you may 
see Bomp recording artists The 
Pandoras. You may also see 
Bomp recording artists The 
Pandoras . Depending on 
whether you 've kept abreast of 
what has been happening with 
this all-girl troupe since their 
ttiumphant premiere here last 

Check it out 
'I'IuIak ac.t It'a PrkIa, and thank God it'. the Mar 
Dell. If you haw never been to • TO or never had fun, 
QQW if JIQUI' chance. Tomorrow, after PPCXl, there will 
be diad,. ... drinklnl and all kiDde eX IhenanJpna 
far Jour ~ And If all thia wan', enouP. 
ct.." haw the heM lad In toWn. The Mar ~, a 
b1eftcf of .,.,....... rcdl tbat win bode your off. 

ACAPULCO 
HAS COME TO 

CLAIREMONT MESA 

November in the Rec. Gym you 
would have read that the band 
had broken into two, each 
fightirig for the name Pandoras. 
Depending on your stance in this 
battle, you should call ahead to 
see if the real Pandoras are 
playing. Whichever one is real to 
you, that is. 276-3993. 

.. * * 

The San Diego Symphony will 
hold a subscription drive in front 
of the Main Gym from 10 am to 
2 pm October 15-17. This offer 
gives the srudents and staff of 
UCSD a tremendous opportun-
ity for savings. So the more you 
buy, the more you save. 

* * * 

San Diego's Narural History 
. Museum will offer three films 
Saturday and Sunday. The first, 
A World is Born, depicts the first 
two billion years of the planet 
earth in 20 minutes. The second 
film (also 20 minutes), Fire 
Under The Sea: The Ocean Pillow 
of Lava follows the flow of lava 
from the Kilauea volcano to 100 
feet below the surface of the 
Pacific. The film also has 

pletue tum to page 8 

PREPARATION FOR : Acapulco Mexican Restaurants 
prides itself on serving the finest 
selection of authentic Mexican 

GMAT·LSAT·GRE 

food available anywhere. 
Acapulco is known for its 
warm, relaxed family 
atmosphere, delicious food, 
and truly reasonable prices. 
During our Grand Opening, win a $1400 Acapulco 

Mexican Vacation. October 1 thru October 14, 
~~ you have a chance to win a 5 day vacation 

for 2 to Acapulco, Mexico. The prize in-
cludes roundtrip airfare and hotel accom-

modations. Pick up your Acapulco 
Passport at the new Acapulco Mexican 
Restaurant in Clairemont Mesa. Your 
Acapulco Passport also has valuable 

coupons, redeemable for great 
savings after our Grand 
Otrening celebration. 
So come in to ,----.-----,~,..--, 

Acapulco during our Grand Opening .. 1" .... _ 
celebration. Now that Acapulco has come 
to Clairemont Mesa, we think it's only fair b 
that you come to Acapulco. 

Mexican Restaurant & Cantina 
Clalremonl Mesa· 4060 Clairemonl Blvd . (In Clairemont Square) • 483-9222 

.... vailable only al above location. Grand O~nlng CelebraUon OC~r I thru ()ctobc,r 14.1984. Entry blanks available without 
purcha~ al r'tSIauranllocatlon. or by mail cnllY forms available by wriUng to Acapuko sweepsrakes. P. O. Box 70249. Pasadena. 
CA 91107. Set entry blank for COnlcst rules. "nIp drawing to be held on OCtober 15. 1984 al 7:00 p.m. 

~ 1984 ALAR 

SJn otegoCenter 
2180Gamet 2D 

R:t;1fC Bea:h. CA 92109 
(619)270-6810 

M.L M::N.J/Iy • .Ildmhlshalor 
CLASSES 00 CIIM'L5 

l~ 

Oct. 4, 1984 Mica,," 7 



.-

continued from pa,e 7 
impressive sound recordings of 
lava underwater. The series 
concludes with a 14 minute film 
on glaciers from Washington 
stat to Alaska. 

* * * 

JavlSh a/ement in San Diego 
18 0-1900 runs through January 

21 at the Museum of Man. The 
exhibit includes photographs, 
original documents and 
household items of the first 
Jewish settlers in San Diego. 239~ 
2001. 

* * * 

Eugene O'Neil's Long Da 's 
Journey Into Night opens tonight 

at the San Diego Repertory 
Theater. Long Day's Journe, Into 
night is the result of years spent in 
introspection, laying forth the 
tragedy of hi o wn family . This 
play was of such a personal 
nature that 'Neil requested that 
it no t be produced until 25 years 
after his death. Long Day's Journey 
will run in rota tion with Ah 

Wilderness throlJllh November 
18. 235-8025. 

* * * 

Omidos, a play from the 
creator of Zoot Suit, will open 
tonight at the Old Globe in 
Balboa Park as a presentation of 
the Old Globe and EI Teatro 
Meta . Billed a tragicomedies of 

love, lust and death, they are the 
result of a continuing experiment 
that director Luis Valdez is 
conducting as "new music 
theater. II Valdez has been 
involved as artistic director, 
resident playwright and founder 
of EI Teatro Campesino for the 
past 18 years. 231 ~ 1941. 

Advertise in the .... AI' .IICIY AND HAY •• ".. sur ...... 

The 
Guardian 

r---------------------------------, 
$2.00 OFF ANY LARGE PIZZA 
$1.00 OFF ANY MEDIUM PIZZA 

IN OUR DINING ROOM OR TAKE- OUT 
NO LIMIT TO NUMBER OF PIZZAS 

FREE UCSD DELIVERY 

----------------------------------

WITH COUPON "- EXPIRES 11-18-84 

8873 VILLA LA JOLLA DR. 
(next to Theaters) 

HOURS: 
MON - THURS 11-1 1 PM 

FRI & SAT 11-1 PM 

A student bites a teacher. 
The school psychologist goes berserk. 

The substitute teacher is a certified lunatic. 

Volunteers needed 1'0, an allergy study using a new antihistamine 
treatment - males 12 to 65 yean of age with hayfwer fltchlng In nose 
and eyes with sneezing and nasal congestion. This study Includes: 

• l short visits over 11 dIIys 
• S40 .,..,.... per visit 
• Free allergy a'1d blood testfng 

For further Intbrrnatlon corua: 

Board Certlhd Allergist 

THE FUTURE IS IN 
INTERNAnONAL BUSINESS 

A representative will be on campus 
THURSDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1984 

to discuss 
GRADUAl( STUDY 

~Ttl!!1.ettm!!D 
OF INTERNATIONAL MANAGEMENT 

GLENDALE. ARIZONA 85306 

Interviews may be scheduled at 
CAREER PLANNING SERVICES 

------ WIl1i11ilSAD -----, 

c1'1i~ S'ogurf cf/,Ifoi~ 
&o.n 

yoQUIt CI'Iattons 

And students graduate who can't read or write. 2 Car 1 

It's Monday morning at JFK High. 

TEACHERS 
United Artists PYarau 

All AARON RUSSO P'nIduttioe 
An ARTHUR HILUR fo!. 

SwriJIc NICK NOLTE· JOBETH WIlliAMS· JUDD HIRSCH· RALPH MACCHIO 
"TEACHERS" ALLEN GARFIELD w ... LEE GRANT .. RICHARD MUlliGAN 

Wrinnby w. R. McKlNNEY l'rodllCtioa Otsiptdby RICHARD MacDONALD Dirutorol~ DAVID M. WAlSH 
In_lilt Woitive P oducer IRWIN RUSSO I'roduadby AARON RUSSO Ilifttttd By ARTHUR HILLER 

JOONIIT1ACIAVAllAIUON ./IICOIIIIANII~ :.&~ 
---. "-'-I doe __ '" zz 'lOP ' 101 SlGU· jOt: COCUIl· NIGtrr UNGU·.sa SPI.CIAL.11D MOnLI IRt ~"I':r=- l fUDDlE toWlCUD ·1AN HVNI'U ' !IOMAN HOLLIDAY · DUC MAa'I1N • raDNDI .... .. _. • _ _ : . 

. ..---

STARTS OCTOBER 5th AT THEATRES EVERYWHERE 

8 Huu... Oct. -t. 1984 

WE ALSO HONOR All. • 
YOGURT PARLOR COUPONS 

'. 

1030 TorRY PInes Rd. 1774 Gernet Aw. 
at Iiuschcl PadIc Bach 

La jolla Expires Oct. 9, 1984 
- - - - - ONE PER CUSIOIIEIl - - _.J 

Q 

~uPw 
T1i£ SUN 
San Dieguito High School 

October 6, 7:00pm 
Admission: $3.00 

... 

\A.RRHEA 

",au hIM 
dl.rrhe. th.t 

begIIn wtthln Ihe ... 48 tin ... 
would like to partldfNIII In ." 
IrMStIgatIoMl drug study. the 
V.A. Hosp't.' c... Cheryl 
Buumont or St8w ...., M.D. 
,49-7500, ext J284 for more 
Info. Upon compIItIon of the 

)1M' will .... szs. 


