
· , 

·STICKIN 
, . 

TO THE ISSUES 
-Special Election Issue-

See related stories, pages 3-19 



2 ,I,1onday, Nov 5, 1984 

The Student Body Presidents ' Council 
( BPCl of th e Un iversi t) of Clliforn la 
has taken a posillon of Oppo~lllon on 
Proposition 38. If passed . the 
p ropos ition would mandate that the 
Governor petition the PrrsidClll and thi: 
Congress of the Un ned States to "urge 
that federal law be 3mended so that 
hallots. Voters' pamphlets and all other 
om lal voting maleriab -hall he pnnted 
in English onl)'." 

SBPC has hlsloricall supponed 
measures aimed at increasing the 
participation of Cali forn ia's voting age 
population In the political process. 
Proposition 38. the Council feels . would 
ask the federal govern ment to restrict 
rarher than broaden the pool of citizens 
who woul? be reached by printed voting 
materials In the language of their choice. 
Federal law requires only a fifth-grade 
level of English to become a naturalized 
citizen. This is below the level of 
complexity with which most 
propOSitions are wri tten . 

lmplementallon of the Intent of this 
measure would result in many non-
English speaking minority groups being 
prevented from adequately partiCipati ng 
in the electoral process. the SBPC 
detennined. 

o 
Lowell Blankfott. group newspaper 

publisher. will talk about "8000 Miles in 
Russia" on Friday, Nov. 9 at 10 am in 
Room IlIA of the UCSD Administrative 
Complex. The public IS invited to attend 
this forum. which is part of the Institute 
for Continued learning's educa tional 
program. 

Mr. Blankfort is the co-owner of 14 
small newspapers located in five states. 
He is the former owner of the Chula 
Vista Star News and the author of several 
newpaper columns and short articles . 

For further information about the 
forum, phone the ICl office at 452-3409. 

o 
UCSD women are being asked to 

partiCipate In the last phase of a 
comparative study between the 
dIaphragm and the cervical cap which is 
being conducted by the Planned 
Parenthood Association of San Diego 
COUnty 

The study is aimed at determining the 
effectiveness benefits and disadvantages 
of the cervical cap. Mary Ann Emerson. 
Planned Parenthood coordinator for the 
program. comme nted . "To this date we 
a re satisfied with the results of the study 
between the two barrier methods of bi nh 
control; however, we need more women 
for the final stage. I would like to 
encourage any woman over 18 to call us 
regardi ng thiS study. Ou r greatest 
obstacle has been the lack of 
parti Ci pation." 
o 

Body mechanics. JOI nt protection and 
a rthlltls exerLises will be the topiC o f a 
Iree Anhrllls Education and SuppOrt 
Session at 705 pm on :-.1ovember 20 In 
Small Dining Room .t: 1 at the UCSD 
Med leal Ct:nter. 

OCLupalional therapl~t Tr.le)· 

),nstegard Will dl~cuss movcmcnts that 
arc good for cl rcubllon and Ihose th~1t 
should be al'mded In addition . she will 
demonstrate gentk range mOllon 
exercises and a<;si tive devices which 
rna)' make life easier ror some arthri tic 

p~lllenrs. 
"People with arthritis should know 

that the), necd to change posllIons often 
and b.lbnce ac tl\'ltJe~ such as work .lnd 
piJ ' In order to avoid paln _" Synstegard 
s.lid. "People must be aware of wh at their 
bod)' IS a)'ing and hsten to II ." 

Free parking for the program is 
available on the st reet after 1 pm. Fee 
parking is avar lable in the parking 
structure adjacent to the hospital. For 
information . call John Patron at 
294-6284 . 

o 
James S. Kane ha been appOinted 

speCial assistant for laboratoT)' affa irs of 
the ntl'erslI)' of California. effcctl\·/? 
February I. 1985 

He will replace WalLlee Decker. \\'ho 
has been acting ,pedal aSSI tant since 
ivbrch 198+. part-tllne. and who Will 
return to his full -time position as 
assistant to the aSSOClare director for 
engi neering at the Lawrence Lil'ermore 
Nallonal LaboratoT)'. 

In his new position . Kane Will adVise 
UC PreSident David P. Gardner and 
Senior Vice President for AcademiC 
Affairs William Frazer in their overSight 
responsibilities lor the four Department 
of Energy (DOE) Iaboratones managed 
by the University. 

Kane will also provide adVice and 
serve as liaison with fa culty and 
laboratory directors on major Univers ity 
research projects of a techntcal and 
managerial nature. 

In 1974 he became technical assistant 
to the general manager of the AtomiC 
Energy Commission. From 1975-77 he 
served III manageri al capacities at the 
Energy Research and Development 
Administration (ERDA). the predecessor 
.1genc), of DOE. He was assoClatc 
director for ba~lc energy sCiences .11 the 
Ofllce of Energ)' Research from 1977-81 . 
and ha~ SCT\cd as deputy director since 
1981 

Kane received thr ERDA Dbtinguished 
Service Award In 1976 and the DOE 
Memonous Executive Rank Award in 
1980. He was Jlso nominated for the 
Award for Distinguished Contribu tion to 
Research Administration in ]980. 

o 
Construction is underway on the two-

story. $l .1 mtl"on Career Services Ce nler 
at UC D. 

The build ing. to be burlt by Harper 
Developmenr Com pan)'. Inc of San 
Diego. Will prOl'lde a permanent ca mpus 
home for the center which IS deSigned to 
help UCSD <;[udents and alumni 
dcrermlne. prepare for .1nd fulftllthclr 
career goals The center has c:-mtcd III J 
number 01 c.lJnpus locatIOns mer the 
pel,t )·ear, . ~han ng ~pace wilh nther 
, tudcnt ,elYlle opennon<; It " currentl) 
h,llhed In t\\O C.ll1lpUS locations 
,pllttll1g It> oper.lJlon, hct\\'een the 

Il 1Imanlnc~ LibraI')' I:lulkhng on Rcvelle 

~----------~~----------~ 
1$ ~.- 1--'--+ r--· /-j·-t-H-!-

"'" " ... ·f .. ' ", 
" • U. I I 

" 1 
,. , ~ III""" ...... 
J f.r~ L '/l. r., :.:.. 

I '-'I " . I , I 

~over: Tuesday is Election Day, for those of you asleep 
in a cave for the last ten weeks. The Guardian gives a 

r~ndown of many of the important races and proposi-
tions faCing students on tomorrow's ballot in an exten -
sive cover srory. beginning on page 7. 
News: Elections domi nate the section, but also included are 
stones on students involved in long-distance phone fraud and a 
talk with communications Professor Michael Schudson. 
Opinions: The final discussions before the big day include letters 
to the ed itor and commenta ries o n PropOSition 39 and "Fear 
respect and the US of A. " Also, the Guardian makes its editoria l 
endorsements of the major candidates and issues of the cam-
paign, a~d urges all to participate in tomorrow's voting. 
Perspectives: Modern-day "bounty hunters" have struck the 
peacefu l campus of UCSD, and if you registered to vote and then 
found yourself ineligible to do so, you may be the latest victim. 
Read on ro~, more , in~?rmation . Also. stories on the pleasures of 
soup and a wrIter S I perspective on voting in thi s great land of 
ours. 

Spor:rs: Men 's soccer closes out the regular season with a win on 
the fIeld and a loss in the co nferen ce room of the Playoff Selection 
Committee, and water polo bids fond adieu to the NCAA Division I 
playoffs. Meanwhile , women's volleyball wins a thriller in the 
Pavilion. 
Also ... the Weekly Calendar. 

COVER PHOTO AND DESIGN BY JOHN ASHLEE 

College and Building A of the Student 
Center. 

According to Neil Murray, center 
dll'Cctor. the new faCility will increase 
program coordination and effic iency. 
permi t the establishment of new 
programs and services for students. 
alum ni . staff and employers. and 
encou rage students to use Ihe career 
planning and placemel1l SCT\'lces of the 
ccnter as carl}' as the freshman year. 

The 11 .720-square-foOl building will 
more than triple the current amount or 
sr· ce allotted to center operat ions. The 
huildll1g is scheduled for completion by 
June 1985. It will be located near the 
center 01 the UCSD campus on 
Hutchison Wa}'. directly north of the 
International Ce nter. The structure will 
bave rei nforced textured con rete block 
walls wi th tinted glass. A twO-story skylit 
lobby/ reception area Will have direct 
access to administration. ca reer advisors . 
multi·purpose co nference space. a career 
library., student employment offices . and 
rest rooms. The second level. accessible 
either by s tai rs or hy an elevator from the 
lobby. will include several recruiter 
interview rooms. graduate an d 
profeSSional school adviSing offices. and 
storage space 

In addulon. there WIll be computer 
rooms and video taping and playback 
rooms 

According to Murra),. the use of Video 
t.lpln~ equipme nt In prepanng ~tuJCIltS 
for Job interviews or graduate student 
l'mr.lnce Inh~ T\'le\\'s has hccome olll 

extremely i mponant part of the career 
planning and placement program. 

"The job market today is very 
compctitive ," Murray sa id. "We feel it is 
our job to help prepare our students in 
the best way possible. and helping them 
to relax during all important ioterview or 
to be able to see their mistakes before 
:mempting the real thing IS very 
important." 

The Career ervlces Center program 
offers a wide range of se rvices related 10 
hoth employment and grad uatc 
education. The seT\'ices are diVided into 
four areas: career planning programs. 
which help studcllIs dec ide upon career 
goals; part-time emplo),ment programs; 
career and graduate education 
preparation programs; and job search 
programs. 

Accord ing to Murray, representatives 
from more than 200 local and national 
companies and organizations visit the 
center each year to conduct interviews. 
He estimates that during the last 
academic yea r more than 1.500 
interviews were conducted in the 
cramped office space in wh ich the 
center is cu rrently located. 

Funding for constructioll of the center 
buildingwdl come from thc Universit)' 
Registration Fees paid b)' all registered 
students each qua rter. Un ivers ity Reg_ 
Fees pay fOi <;ervices that benefit a ll 
s tudents blll are not parr of the regular 
IIbtructlonJI progralll~ . 

- Sean Wagstaff 

EDlTOA: PHLJ> I..AWEP. 
MANAGING EDITOR: JNli5IWJ1H IWP COf1f ~ w.s5OU)MlWI 
NEWS EDIT~ PHI. 'MllOH ASSOCIA 1E ..", IDfJOA. XMttI WItGIIrIR 
OPINIONS EDITOR: JOE DESIDEP.IO PaSflEC1'MS EDtTOAt ~ QHCU 
5PORTS EDITOR: JEFF SAVNX PHOTO EDIT~ 000 f'AIEDENnoW.' 
~~ .. ~~ ... ~L1\EW .~ ..... ~~.~.~~.~.~ .. GMPttC AATlST.S: JOI-f\j AGANON, JOI-toj MI-U£. ~ PlONl<A .............................................. -
PHOTOGRAPHERS: JOHN A5HL£E. ONDY 13EGIN. EDWAAD tSIWL. ""'t.IN MN.-IIKUNIAN, I\OGER ~ 

PAUl. f\£IlW)ND RICH PECJAA. I'NDV 50FTLEY 
STAFF WRITERS: NlAAK Dl\EITENIlEf\G, ETHAN FE ERST JOI'N FOI\SOEf\G. f\ONA HU EDWAI\D ISIWL. f\OOERTLEONE. 

KELLEY NEAL. YEN TAYLOf\ 
PAsTE-UP ARTISTS: JOHN .. ~ti..EE:'PAULFAA'MU,·~ ~OO. DAVID rWiOw, KK.iA sPfNCEr: 
TYPESETTERS: JO£ OOlDffiJO, KEN FURIE. JAN HANSEN. PHUP LAUDEr\. [ I1a THOM\S 
BUSINESS MANAGERS: CHflJ5 MILKE. SH£NDL DtNItONO. PETER HOfF", 

Mo"day, Nov. 5, 1984 3 

Long-distance violations 

Students answering to phone fraud 
By LILYS McCOY 

T HE EVENING that Ron Achimasi got through to the New York number he had been caUing for 
days , he had no idea who would 
answer, only that this person could give 
him the information he needed to catch 
the student who had been cheating the 
University. 

"Hello ," a middle-aged woman 
answered . 

"This is Ron Achimasi calling from 
the Telecomunications office at the 
University of California, San Diego ... ," 
he said . 

"Oh, is my son all right?" she 
interrupted. 

"Who's your son?" he asked. 
With the reply, Achimasi had his 

information . 
This is just one example of many 

similar scenes played out 'at UCSD's 
telecommunications services as students 
are being caught for stealing and illegally 
using special long distance access . 
codes. . 

According to Achimasi . the high cost 
of long distance calls, coupled with 
students being away from home, makes 
this kind of fraud prevalent. 

Apparently this abuse has been going 
on since the "infO-switch" calling system 
has been in operation. from December 
of 1979. 

Every employee \I; hose job requires 
him or her to call long distance from 
the campus is given an "info-switch" 
access code number. 

Students steal these numbers by 
dialing the three digit prefix which 
provides access to the computer, and 
then guessing (usually in sequence-
11111 , 11112, etc.) the five-digit code 
that follows. 

Once a student reaches a valid code, 

he or she can either use that number or 
continue searching for more new codes. 

What students fail to realize, however, 
is that every random , invalid number 
that they guess is printed out by the 
"info-switch" computer at the 
Telecommunications building. Along 
with the invalid code. a "flag letter," G. 
is printed to signify that the code is 
incorrect. A list of sequential codes (Gs) 
a1ens the office that someone is looking 
for valid codes to use. 

"(One time) we had 30 sheets of 
computer paper with just Gs ," said 
Achimasi. 

A similar incident occurred when one 
code-breaker had statted guessing one 
morning at eight and continued 
guessing until eleven that morning. In 
that three-hour period, the offender had 
collected 22 codes. 

According to Achimasi, misusers can 
easily be traced once they have made a 
phone call with an illegally obtained 
code. Each code found by random 
guessing is marked with an asterisk by 
the computer. When that code is used. 
it and the number caUed are printed out 
with the asterisk. This marker indicates 
a source, and the number called. which 
can be used to track the caller. 

After checking with the proper owner 
of the access code to determine whether 
or not he or she made the call , 
Achimasi contacts the detective offices 
of Pacific Bell Telephone Company, 
which teU him the name and address of 
the pany dialed. 

By looking for the name and address 
of the offender in the UCSD Student 
Telephone Directory, it can be 
determined if the caller is a student and 
who that student is. 

It is so easy to catch the caller 

----------------~-------------------------------·---I I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

.1 

~ 
• 1 
• I 
t 
I 
I. 
I 
I 
I 

.1 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
·1 
I 
I 
.: 

INFOSWITCH/TELEPHONE 1.0. CARD 

Phil H- 16 
NAME MAIL CODE 

10 NUMBER BUDGET NUMBER 
9-- --3 707 

I I L ____________________ ~- ______ . __ ....:.. __ _ t 

Long·distance phone codes on confidential UCSD employee cards are being replicated by tudenls. 

THE CLASSICAL EVE 
ROBERT HELLER. 0 .0 . 

la Jolla Village Square 
452-7374 

fashion \/alley Center 
295-0537 

INCLUDfS: 
Contact len5es, 
examination, patient 
training, follow up, 
chemical care kit 
and fitting. 

~T~NDfD WfAR 
L~NSfS ONLY $26S.OO 

LOUIS M. TARTAGLIA. 0 .0 . 
UniverSity Towne Centre 

457-4791 

because, according to Achimasi . "Nine 
times out of ten, he's a student caUing 
home." 

[f the code-breaker is not a student. 
Achimasi caUs the patty dialed and asks 
them to identify the person who called 
them at the time the code was used 
illegally. 

The name and address of the suspect 
are delivered to UCSD Police, who 
informaUy detain the suspect and 
request reimbursement for the 
University for the iUegal calls and a $35 
hourly administrative charge for aU the 

computer time it took to catch the 
caller. 

Because this form of telephone fraud 
is a misdemeanor, uncooperative 
students run the risk of expulsion from 
the University or bein~ sent to the San 
Diego City Police Department , 
where they can be fined up to $600 and :l 
be forced to serve up to six months in 
]311. 

Criminal charges, however, are rarely 
filed , because most students choose to 
"'= CONTINUED ON PAGE 10 \ ~~--------~~~~~~~--~/ 

Wanted: student regent 
By JAMES RALPH PAPP 

The University of California Board of 
Regents contains c ivic leaders. business 
magnates and political figures-all 
respectable and upstanding citizens of 
this state. But each year there is one 
exception to this typical regential image: 
the student regent. So atypical, in fact . is 
this person that he or she is allowed only 
a year to serve on the Board instead of a 
dozen. (If this foreshortened term is 
based on the assumption that s tudents 
do not spend 12 years in college, then 
the Board should meet some of the 
'tenured students of UCSD.) 

During the next twO weeks. the 
application process for the 1985-86 
student regent WIll begin; the deadline 10 
turn in an application to the director of 
Student Activities (at the Student Center) 
or the Chancellor's Office is 5 pm on 
Friday, Nov. 16. Application forms are 
available at the ASUCSD offices, EDNA. 
the deans' and resident deans' offices, 
and at the Chancellor's Office. 

Undergraduates. graduates and 
profeSSional students from an)' of the UC 
campuses may apply. The twO campuses 
that tend 10 dominate the Unive rsity in 
most areas. UCLA. and UC Berkeley, also 
dominate in providing student regents. 
although the regent for 1981-82 was 
Linda Sabo from UCSD. 

The student regent. however, is 
supposed to represent all of the 141.000 
students at the University of California. 
not j ust the ones from his or her campus. 
and so officia lly the question of which 
campuses dominate is moot. 

Regents meetings are held once a 
month at various campuses, and the 
student regent is reimbursed for any 
expenses this campus-hopping incurs. 
The University also waives all fees and 
tuition , perhaps from a belief that the 
student's academic year will be a complete 

waste of time. with perhaps 20 hours a 
week spent in preparation for the flood 
of issues that any of the regents has to 
address. 

Nevertheless. George Deukmejian, leo 
McCanhy, Willie Brown, Bill Honig and 
David Gardner all find time to be 
regents, not to mention William French 
Smith. Whether se rving in high public 
office, runmng a corporation (or the 
more pleasant Job of owning one), or 
being a student is the most (lme-
consuming activity is open to debate . 
The prospective student regent must be 
in good standing hefore applying, but 
there is no mention of academic 
standing after haVing served a year. 

Usually, only three to four students 
from each campus feel themselves 
qualified 'or interested enough to apply 
for the post. They are screened by the 
nominating committee of either the 
nonhern or the southern region of the 
UniverSity. The southern region. in 
which UCSD is of course included, 
recommends five applicants who, along 
with four from the nonh . are interviewed 
by the Student Body Presidents' Council , 
which then sends three of the nine to be 
accepted or rejected by the Board of 
Regents. The Board may. in its wisdom 
or perve rseness. reject the whole lot. 

Assuming a candidate is accepted. that 
student becomes a regent designate and 
attends and observes Regents meetings 
until the new term of office begins for 
the s tudent regent in July 1985. 

Since the early part of the process is 
dominated by those in student 
government . both through the regional 
nominating committees and the Student 
Body Presidents' Council. student regents 
tend also to be from student government , 

> CONTINUEDCiNPACE"K) 

The home 0 the 

II 
II 
II 
II 
II 
II 

39¢ halllburger. 
~ j 
I 7140 Miramar Rd. San Diego 
~ B;;;;8~~~d;;ch-~!!!! ~ 

GET ONE 
FREE 

ill'l , ' rt" .. ' ut ttll ' U"IJ'IO 
~" 1\'1I hll~ m),! .I I\IL! M .I' ,111.1 
ill,,' 11 L!,'1 ,lUud" 'r nil-: M .ll 
In \ ,I I .1I1lI1 " Ih'UI" f"-lIll,r 
.. \1'(\ 111\\ r . I '~' I '1'011 1'1\ ",,,\ 

l'rt ·', "1 .. 1111"' 111 \ , hlll 
d"l, rlllL! ~11f ,.I,J 
\\ 11 It . 111\ \ '111t r I,ll. I 

, ,\,h ~ ,IIIW I ..'11 "I 11 .. 11 1 II 

Onlya l: 
7 [40 Miramar RJ. 

San Dkgo 

II 
II 
II 
II 
II 

V,lid<hru ~ 
Dec. 5, 1984 .-++. 

_iii iii iii iii.iii 



~ Monday , Nuv. 5, 1984 

Fear, respect and the US of A 
By JAMES RALPH PAPP 

In che recent Presidential debate , or 
simultaneous speechmaking, however 
you prefer to describe it, Ronald Reagan 
again brought up the point that he had 
gained respect for America by increasing 
our militay expenditure and our military 
presence outside of our country. The 
purpose of this anicle is ro make one, 
small distinction of definition clear, that 
between respect and fear. 

To do chis , let us begin with the most 
fashionab le appendage of Mr. Reagan's 
speechmaking, the folksy metaphor. 
Imagine chat you see twO people 
approaching you on the street The first 
is moved by feelings of community, 
humaniry and philanthropy, making 
sure that none who live In the area of 
her influence suffer from che lack of any 
necessiry, from violence, hunger, 
Victimization or coercIOn by stronger 
people in the community, or the 
inability to speak out, ro be heard , to 
command her own destiny or improve 
herself. Perhaps chis person wears a 
religiOUS habit, pre haps not; it does not 
really matter, because the effects of the 
philanthropy are che same. 

The other person approaching you 
has earned a reputation for violence and 
carries several ugly looking weapons and 
an ugly looking expression. He attacks 
only those weaker than he is, of course. 
because chat is a reasonable course . He 
has also made sure chat everyone is 
weaker chan he is. 

Which of these twO people do you 
respect, and which do you fear? if you 
are like most people, who do ncr flee at 
the approach of a fire fighter, or fall into 
hysteriCS on glimpsing a nun, you do 
not fear the [rst person. If you are like 
most people, who want the police to 
catch muggers, and want murderers and 
rapists behind bars. or even in the 

II ~tillcelf $)ll ~till®lr 
fr®lr~lettergil~l'.M1"t§'.f'P~ 
lf~llceilit®lr~n~ilit®lf~ 
llcetillcelf~ll®fdt~lr~n~ilitcerr 
Read on __ .. 
Editor: 

It was a vety enlightening experience 
to read the leners in Opinions (Mon. 
OCt 29) wrinen in response to 
Stephonie Krieger's article. Five out of 
the seven you printed indicated not 
only disapproval with her anicle, but 
also wich the Guardian for printing it. 

Evidently the homosexual community 
at UCSD and their supporters have 
determined a new guideline for 
establishing freedom of the press-
themselves. Things that don't meet with 
their approval should be censored . 

Thank you for not yielding to this 
type of special interest censorship in 
the media. 

Dale Schlack 

The other other side 
Editor: 

I would like to comment on che 
unusual influx of leners printed in last 
week's Guardian concerning the article 
written by Ste phonie Krieger. 

On one hand 1 agree with the people 
who blast Ms. Krieger fo r her lack of tact 
and taste in handling the situation, and 

electric chair, you do not respect the 
second person. 

In this example it IS qUite simple ro 
distinguish the differences between fear 
and respect, and yet on an international 
scale Ronald Reagan seems ro have a 
constitutional inability to make the 
distinctions. Mining the Nicaraguan 
harbors no doubt made the United 
States feared , but did it make us 
respected? Preventing the trade, the 
lifeblood of a COUntry with which we are 
nor at war, which has committed no 
injustice against us but revolting against 
an oppressive and rapacious family that 
we had supported in power for years , 
an illegal , immoral and inexplicable 
action such as this does not tend to 
build admiration for us in the 
international community, it does not 
cultivate regard . It merely makes us 
seem chIldishly vindictive against a 
people who, through our earlier, pro-

her lack of journalistiC responsiblity. It 
appeared to me as if she thought she 
were some son of demi-God, a pinnacle 
of beauty after which ellt'ryone chased . I 
found her anicle to be an exaggerated 
ponrayal founded on some semi-fantasy 
conjured up to liven up her week. And, 
indeed, she did not paint an attractive 
picture of "Meg" or homosexuals in 
general. However, it inte rests me that 
several people disagree with her facts-
to the point that it is obvious that 
someone IS lying. It would be interesting 
to know the Story the way it reaDy 
happened and not have to rely on 
opposite viewpoints. 

On the other hand , I find it 
ridiculous to blame any son of 'social 
consciousness" on the Guardaan , and the 
suggestion of a boycott of advenising is 
equaOy absurd. This article was not a 
news story, It was a Perspectives story. 
The srory was this woman's perspective, 

Somoza activity, has not been able to 
bring itself to admire us either. 

When che United States invaded 
Grenada, a country whose population 
could comfortably fit into Claire mont , 
University City and Mira Mesa, did the 
world lavish its esteem on us? Did we 
recei ve che ve neration that all truly 
respected and respectable nations 
receive? Grenada is the smallest 
independent nation in the Western 
Hemisphere , and admiration for our 
tactical ability would have been empty. 
If 2000 people had defeated , in a 
ferocious exchange, one person, that is 
about the proportion applicable in the 
US conquering Grenada. 

Great Britia n, which of any foreign 
nation had the most Interest in 
Grenada, since the latter is a member of 
the Commonwealth of which the former 
IS leader, roundly condemned the 
Invasion in its Parliament. It was not 

however warped it might be. Whoever 
has the idea that stories printed in 
Perspectives represent the views of the 
entire publication is sadly misinformed. 
If we believe this, then we can equally 
assume that the Guardian likewise 
promotes profeSSional strippers, incest 
or child abuse. Ms. Krieger's story was 
her perspective on an incident in her 
life-to place blame on a publication for 
pri nting her story is to suggest a 
promotion of censorship. What if Ms. 
Krieger and "Meg" became lovers? Well , 
then I'd expect to see leners 
condemning the Guardian for printing 
something equally controversial. 

What would a boycon of Guardian 
advertis ing do? Oh. wouldn't that be 
powerful if we could stop chose rrinting 
presses- and rid this campus 0 its 
main form of public communica tion. 
The AS dented funding to the California 
ReVIew. and what did it prove? BeSides 

just the left wing of Parliament that 
condemned the invasion, not just the 
liberals and the moderates, not merely 
the Labour Party and the Social 
Democrats: The entire body, to the most 
conservative, pro-US and pro-Reagan 
member, denounced the invasion. 

Did the Grenadans themselves 
welcome the invasion, since they had 
the real interest in it? Polls tell us that 
they did , that they even wanted to 
become the 5i'5t state, although they 
had won their independence from Great 
Britain a mere ten years ago. But with 
the three regimes previous to the 
American one the Grenadans had 
shown equaOy enthusiastic welcome: 
That is how people survive political and 
military conflict. In France public 
demonstrations of patriotism increased 
dramaticaUy after Nazi guns were no 
longer a threat; in Nicaragua many -
people began to express their 
independent views after the Somoza 
regime toppled. wm anyone poll the 
Grenadans again when the tumult and 
the shouting dies, the captains and the 
kings depart? 

There is, unfortuantely, one group of 
Grenadans who canncr give their 
opinions on the whole affair, the dead 
ones. Did America gain respect by 
bombingil1mental hospital, so that a 
group of superannuated American 
medical students could be given 
freedom, a freedom that no one sought 
to prove to us was endangered? The 
price was small, only a few lunatics, and 
foreign lunatics into the bargain. But we 
should wonder; in their last moments, 
as the bombs fell , what was their 
primary emotion: fear or respect? 

Perhaps the United States should try 
> CONTINUED ON PAGE 5 > 

~n<etttt<elf$)ncerctt~lfg 
~ll®frfrcelf~ll~frfrcelf~n<e\ 

<eili.tce If ~ll cefrfr ®lf~ II ce:fri.t~ 
rrgw·"""llcettfrtelf~n®ilit®lf~ 

merely publicizing a majority 
~'ensorship, it would do nothing. A few 
people gain a small prize and many 
others lose. let's step down ofT of our 
pulpits, people, swaDow a little pride, 
and think of the purpose of media. We 
have publications on this campus 
representing every view and every 
minority group-why should the 
Guardian have to censor anything? If 
you don't like what a paper says, then 
don't read it. But don't lecture me or 
anyone else on your personal views as if 
I have to follow them because someone 
upstairs died and left you supreme ruler. 

You people who wrote those letters 
have the right to criticize anyone you 
like for her views, but don't ask for my 
support to deny a paper either the 
funding or advertising to continue 
publication , because that's not for me to 
decide. 

Patrick S. Duffy 

Let's get neighborly 
Editor: 

Last night (10/ 27) a pany at UCSD 
continued with an unusually high level 
of noise until after one o'clock in the 

" / 
ONTINUFD ON PAGE 5 > 

Fear, respect 
< CONTJN_UED FROM PAGE 4 ( 
10 make the rest of the world fear It 
rather than respect it. The Reagan 
Administration has already accepted this 
as a policy, even if it has changed the 
wording around slightly. In Lebanon, 
our great, big battleships lie off the 
coast, they and their escorts striking fear 
into the hearts of those on shore , but 
nOl enough fear to prevent multiple 
bombings of the US Embassy and 
barracks. Would there have been 
bombings if we had in our foreign 
policy acted In a way ro gain respect, 
rather than to instill fear? It is 
impossible to say, because the present 
Administration has never tried it. But we 
have never let the Nicaraguans respect 
us, nor will we have let the Guatemalans 
and Salvadorans repect us when they 
finaUy free themselves from oppressive 
governments and death squads. And by 
then their fear of us will be gone unlesss 
we mine their harbors and supply arms 
to their terroriSts trying to overturn the 
new governments , terrorists left from the 
old regimes, people who have never gOt 
out of the habit of killing and 
destroying. 

Certainly the rest of the world fears a 
President who jokes about bombing 
Russia, who refuses to reduce his 
country's world-threatening collection of 
nuclear arms or even to slow their 

proliferation, who persists incredibly in 
falsely stating that the missiles can be 
turned back once they have started on 
their way. In talkmg to people from 
Argentina, Brazil and Chile, I find that 
the only respect they have lere for 
Amenca comes from before Reagan, 
when America had an interest in human 
rights, in the condition of the other 
people in the world community, not 
simply an infatuation with its own 
image. 

When our actions are respected, 
those who have contempt for humanity, 
who practice oppression, are the ones 
who fear. It was after Reagan came into 
office, who did nOl hold their 
astounding disregard of human rights 
against them, that the generals and 
admirals .of the Argentine junta decided 
that the United States would not oppose 
their invasion of the people on the 
Falkland Islands (or Malvinas, for 
whatever the name, the same people live 
on them). A war that ended the lives of 
hundreds only occurred because those 
who should have feared the United 
States did ncr, because the United State 
could not be respected. Violence and 
authoritarianism triumphed, because no 
one could tell that the United States was 
opposed , or should have been opposed , 
to them. When President Reagan learns 
the. difference between fear and respect, 
or the people find someone who knows 
it already, then the United States will 
have influence. Now it merely has 
power. 

f« II/J!iH.MlY{)/() 
'WJIJ_101'1kE I ~_INA : IUNI> __ 

• IJF_IUI' 
, /' 

Monday, Nuv. 5, 1984 , 

SAN DIEGO, CA-A crime wave struck the UC5D Guardian last week, resultmg m the 
rhefr of the popular Doonesbury comic strip for the week of November 5, 1984. One staff 
member, who requested anonymity, sa id, "The loss is tremendous, but we '/l do what we 
can to go on." 

Meanwhile, in an emergency press coriference held lasr Friday, Garry Trudeau , creator 
of Doonesbury, called for the fonnation of a earch and rescue party. Anyone with 
Information on the whereabouts of the MIA strip is urged to contact Garry Trudeau c/ o 
the UC5D Guardian. 

II <ettit<eIr zll <ettit<eIr zll<ettit<eIr~ll <ettit®lr ~ n ~i.ttttelf $) II ®(tit~ rr ~ II <ettfr ® If ~ II <e frfr®rr ~ll <ettit~lf ~ II cetill<e If ~ll <ettit <elf $) n ® 
{t<elf$lettersll<e(tit<elfZll<e(tit<elf~ll®ilitcelf~ll®frfr~lr~n~frfr®lf~ll~ilit®lf~ll~tt{t<eIr~n<eilit<err~n<eilit<elf~n<efrfr® 
Ir~ll <e(tit<eIr ~ll<ettit<eIr~ll <e(tit<eIr~ll ~ili.t ® If ~ n ~ ili.t~ lf~ n ®i1fr®lf ~ II <eilitce If ~ll <e till<err ~ll <eilit<elf ~ II ceilitcelf ~ II <eilit <e If 

n~ttit<elr~ll<efdt<eIr~n<eilit<eIr~ll~fr{t®lf~n®frtt<elf~n®{tfr®If~n®ilit~lf~n<eilit®rr~n<.ettfr~lfll~ilit<err~n<e{t{t<eIrll~{t 
morning. It was sufficiently loud to be 
an interference at my house, .about three 
blocks away from Urey Hal. There is no 
t.XCust for a UCSD event to bother 
neighbors at that noise level that late at 
night. 

I have lived in the same house since 
195't, when UCSD was only a someday 
dream. I have watched it grow into a full 
campus, composed of some people who 
care very much. Occasionally I have 
been bothered by noise from UCSD 
parties, and I have phoned there to 
register a complaint. ust night'S party 
was the latest time that I have yet had 
to put up with that level of noise. 

I care about UCSD. In many ways I 
like it as a neighbor. But it will have to 
learn to be an entity that cares about its 
neighbors. 

Betty N. ShOT 

Food, glorious food 
Editor: 

Why are chey out to starve us this 
year? The powers that be, that is. Not to 
be paranoic or anything, but what in my 
fondest memories I recaU as a campus 

£I.14S 
HAIR 

£81 

abundant with victuals is now barren 
and empty. 

Ah, yes, the good ol' days when a 
weekend of studying could be 
accompanied by delecmbles from many 
a campus cafe .... There was a lovely 
breakfast stop- the Revelle Deli, where 
one could savor be~an warnes with 
whipped cream and fruit or just talk 
and read the paper over a cup of fresh-
brewed coffee. Or if you weren't in the 
mood for that , the Rathskeller had a 
variety of omelets and bagels to munch 
upon. There was something for 
ev;;rybody in those days. 

During midterms, when Saturdays 
meant straight to HL, the ReveUe 
Sundries Store supplied sweets and 
snacks, drinks and popcorn. In fact, 
believe it or nOl, there once was a time 
when one could even get even get away 
with eating in the library. 

But times have changed. A hungry 
person at school on the weekend had 
better pack a bagged lunch because it's 
no longer possible to eat on campus 
without a meal card. The Deli is gone, 
and what remains is a lesser replica of 
its former self. Only open Monday to 

I'recIMoll ."Ie CIIII for _ $IJ (reg. S18) 
1'rec1Ro,..,,1e CIIU for _It '10 (reg. SU) 

DlredlolUI ,.,., 115 (reg. HO) Sell"",.,. lUI,. ("." Nt) SIll (I!g. SofO) 
"""aan: _"'*IIn: 'H(reg. '18) ~',,""'e'H (reg. 12') 

OM ...., f/KW _ ,» (reg. 13') 
OIIe Itoar ......... _ '25 (I!g. US) 

!ip«yliJU In blM:lc IMir 

.. full ~ro/ce s.IOII 
7608 Until 11". lid. (f'ks. College Dr. ~ 163) 168-"'61 

/'few Mlon (formerlIJ t.. JoII. Cutting Co.) 7'7 Purl 5t .. t.. JoI~ 
U6-1l70 f~J.H 

Spec"" good wit" Id wil" ~Iected J/f/lisb through Ji l l 9184 

Friday, the Deli no' longer provides 
nourishment for those needy studiers. 

When 1 arrived, naively on Sunday 
morning with a five dollar bill in my 
purse I planned 10 get a bite after an 
hour or so. But when, on the brink of 
starvation, I wandered aU across ReveUe 
in search of food, 1 retreated empty-
handed and in dismay to my table at 
HL. Not only were the eating places 
c1ased, but the vending machines only 
take change and I had but a five dollar 
bill. Now, you may say, "Why not get 
change in the xerox room?" and I would 
answer, "Well, you see, it only takes one 
dollar bills and I was without." Upon 
looking one last time through my wallet, 
I came across two beautiful shiny 
quarters. just enough, I thought , for 
some delicious oatmeal-apple cookies 
from the machine downstairs. Up I 
leaped and down to the mechanical 
benefactor. 

Yet fate was not on my side. As I 
slipped the Silvery coins between the jail 
bars on the machine and mto the 
deposit slot, I heard a strange sound -
the coins were caught and no amount of 
frantic banging or kicking through the 

bars was of any avail. In utter frustration 
I searched for the coin return lever. Of 
course it had been removed and one 
woold needlhers to tum it. 1 returned, 
hungrier an poorer to my neglected 
homework. 

But I'm not alone in this endless 
quest for food . Last week my roommate 
had similar problems at Central Library. 
One night, late in the evening, she 
wandered to where once there had been 
smoking and food lounges on the 
library's sixth floor. They no longer 
exist. In her frustration she questioned 
the librarian who made some excuse 
about books getting soiled. A worthy 
cause, I gram you, but what good are a 
bunch of clean books if you are too 
hungry to read them1 Seriously though, 
things are geting out of hand. 

I have been reprimanded at HL for 
having an empty styrofoam cup on the 
table . The vending machines seem 
guaranteed to work only with foreign 
currency, and now they're imprisoned 
so you can', even bang on chem any 
more. I ask you once again .... Why are 
they trying to starve us? 

Julie Press 

VEGETARIAN DINNER 
) Work.hop 
(7 ) Sat. November 10 10 am- I pm $9 

orr 
campus ... ere.llon 

~ .-. !'P.''''..... Take part in creating 
a ,wholesome and 
delicious meal fea· 
turing vegetables, 
dairy products, and 
grains in place of 
meat. Combining 
foods and nutrition 
will be discussed as 
well . 

Sign up and detolb at x4007 
Conyonvlew Admlnlslrottve OItIces 
Deportment r:l F'tMk:al Education 



6 Monday, Nov 5, 198'1 

Drawing the line on Proposition 39 
By MICHAL TINGLE 

If approved by voters, Proposition 39 
would remove reapportionment from the 
exclusive domain of the State Legislature 
and entrust it to a ten-member 
commission comprised of retired 
appellate court judges. 

Proponents of this amendment to the 
State Constitution point out that 
legislators face a blatant conOict of 
interest in drawing district lines. 
Legislative districts are supposed to be 
drawn to ensure the people fair and 
equal representation. But the hand that 
holds the pen can, through a little 
creative cartography, sacrifice the 
interests of the people in order to 
guarantee his or her own reelection. 

Legislative shenanigans since the 
1980 census give credence to charges of 
con Oict· of interest. After the first 
redistricting plan placed Republicans in 
a precarious electoral position, the 
Republicans used the initiative process 
to challenge the partisan gerrymander. 
In 1982, voters approved an initiative to 
repeal the Democrats' redistricting plans 
but failed to approve a companion 
measure to place the redistricting chore 
in the hands of a commission. Revision 
of the 1981 plan was left to its prinCi ple 
architects. Unwilling (0 face another 
Republican-backed initiative, the 
Democratic majority coopted Republican 
representatives by enthroning nearly all 
incumbents in safe districts. But then 
there was Sebastiani, a freshman 
assemblyman and Republican maverick. 

Sebastiani, a self-proclaimed 
champion of the people, designed his 
own district maps. According to 
Sebastiani, his plan would be responsive 
to the voice of the voters, unlike the 
bipartisan, incumbent gerrymander of 
1982. Sebastiani's plan qualified for the 
1984 ballot. 

Under pressure , Governor 
Deukmejian scheduled a special election 
for the Sebastiani plan, but the State 

Supreme Court responded to a 
Democratic challenge and declared the 
Sebastiani plan unconstitutional. The 
Court based its decision on the 
constitutional limit of one 
reapportionment per decade . By 
ammending the Constitution , 
Proposition 39 allows for the third 
reapportionment of the decade. 

Proponents of Proposition 39 claim 
that by removing reapportionment from 
the legislature , the process will be 
purged of its political biases. According 
to supporters , the use of judges, free of 
formal ties to a particular party and 
without legislative experience, ensures 
that partisan politiCS will not be 
considered. 

Although it may be possible to take 
reapportionment out of politics, it is 
questionable whether or not it is poss ible 
to take politics out of reapportionment. 
ReapportIOnment is by delinition a 
political decision , for in giving to one 
you must take from the other. 

While the commission may not draw 
lines to maximize party strength or 
protect incumbents, it will be restrained 
by other standards. Proposition 39 
requires compact and contiguous 
districts as well as competitive districts. 

Unfo rtunately, in drawing disthct 
maps it is impossible to maximize a ll 
standards. For example, requirements 
for compact districts cannot always be 
reconciled with a desire for minority 
representation commensurate with the 
percentage of a given minority in the 
general population. 

Consider the Hispanic population. 
The Hispanic community is dispersed 
throughout urban and rural areas. 
Further, minority groups tend to 
participate in the political processes at a 
lower level than non-minorities. Thus, if 
district lines are drawn so as to allow 
Hispanics to elect a Hispanic 
representative , they must be drawn so as 

~ ELARIO'S 
P' _ PRESENTS 

MONDAY NIGHT 
FOOTBALL 

See all the actiont..-__ -~~~ 
on our giant 
TV screen 

459-0541 
£LARIQ'S REST AUR;..Ni 
7955 La Jolla Shores or 

to include a percentage of Hispanics 
large enough to compensate for non-
voting Hispanics. But to incorporate 
such a large and diffuse group into a 
single district violates standards of 
compactness. Since it is impossible to 
optimize both values , the values must be 
ranked. The ranking of values is a 
political choice, for in helping one, you 
must hurt the other. 

Proponents of Proposition 39 are 
right. It does matter who draws the lines. 
We already know how the legislature 
ranks competing standards and values. 
We do not know how a judicial panel 
will. Republicans are willing to take a 
chance with uncertainty against the 
promise of another Democratic 
gerrymander in 1990. 

All eligible and wiling justices are 
white, male and on the average , 74 
years of age. There are no women. 
There are no minorities. Will the 
demographiC characteristics of the panel 
affect how they rank values? Probably. 
WiD the panel have a partisan bias? It is 
anyone's guess. 

Proposition 39 tries to guard against 
partisan bias by selecti ng the judges 
equally by lor from [WO lists. Four 
members would be selec ted from a list 
comprised only of those judges 
appointed by governors of the state's 
largest political pany and another four 
would be selected from a second list 
composed only of those judges 
appointed by governors affiliated with 
the second largest political party 

There is a problem with this 
approach . Ronald Reagan appointed 
some registered Democrats to the bench 
and , likewise , his Democratic 
predecessor and successor appointed 
Republicans to the bench. Depending 
on the luck of the lot, as many as seven 
Republicans or six Democrats could 
make up the commission. Despite their 
reputation for fairness, judges do have a 
partisan dimension. And while they may 
never have held or plan to hold office 
in the pany or the legislature, we must 
not forget how judges are selected . 
Judicial selections are political 
appointments. One wonders if the 
judges have forgonen . 

For reasons beyond our control, 
the Opinions Editor will soon be depart-
ing (literally, not figuratively). If you 
think you can fill his shoes (size 9, we 
think), please contact the Guardian at 
452-3466 for more information. 

25 Off 
ON fosrfMGow CnIlLGERlNcs. See your Josten representative. 

November 5,6,7 
10 am-2 pm 
University Bookstore 
Last & Best Sale 
before Christmas 3!: 

PhD Programs in CLINICAL PSYCHOLOGY 
and 

INDUSTRiAl/ORGANIZATIONAL 
PSYCHOLOGY 

The California School of ProfeSSional Psychology-Son 
Diego will be on campus Wednesday, November 14th 
at 12:00 noon and 1:00 p,m , to present its graduate 
PhD programs in clinical and industrial/organizational 
psychology. Myone interested is invited to attend. 
North Conference Room of the Student Center, 

CSPP-SD is fully accredited by the Western Association 
of Schools and Colleges and the American 
Psycholog ical Association . 

Monday, Nov. 5. 198'1 7 

Cover story 

84eELECTIONSe1984 e ELECTION 
Bill lowery By PHIL WILLON & 

SEAN WAGSTAFF 
! 
11It Guardian i~ cowri"Jl only Iht local politicians and propt'Sll\on l whidl IVf'Jed .... 1II have Republi can Congressman 13111 l.owery 

, IS only 37, but he has a keen sense of the 
issues fa Cing hIS district. 

Cl dirtct impact on st!AMnts. 
Mayor ofSD The polls will be opt" (In Tuesday, NCI\I. (i,from 7 am w8 pm. f(1I >1"'( iflc lIif0ll111111C1n, wll the RqlSlrar of Votm at .56.5-.5800. I Ie satd he comes back from 

WashIngton about every other week, and 
feels thi s helps hIm keep in touch with 
hi s community. Lowery has expressed 
strong concern over the proposed 
offsho re drilling projects that will in one 
way or another affect his district, and 
has expressed his positions on the Equal 
RIghts Amendment and nuclear waste 
programs. 

Roger Hedgecock 
Incumbent Mayor Roger Hedgecock IS 

running for re-election 111 the f~ce of an 
II1dlctment for charges for felony 
conspiracy and pe~ur)' . During a debate 
with hi s opponent Dick Carlson, 
Iledgecock said he w~s II1dicted 
"because ;l grand jury listened to only 
one side of the sto ry." Hedgecock 
exp ressed confidence th.lt he would be 
found innocent "when we gct a ch~ncc 
to have our da)' in court " 

The indl tment c h~rges Hedgecock 
with recelvlI1g Illegal funds for his 1983 
Mayo ral campaIgn, lau ndered through 
the now-bankrupt) DaVId Co. 
II1vesunent house The indictment also 
alleges that Hedgecock conspired ancl 
lied under oath to cover up the 
transactions. 

Hedgecock has denied all of the 
c harges. 

The Republican mayor has repeatedly 
com pared hi s background in public 
offi ce to Carlson's inexperience. He has 
characteri zed Carlson as an unqualified 
candidate without a record to lend 
credence to his campaign promises. 

"You don 't know on November 7, if 
Dick Ca rlson is elected , who he is, 
because he's never held office , never 
been under fire , never had to make 
tough decisions ," Hedgecock sa id. 

In a recent visit to UCSD, Hedgecock 
sa id he voted aga inst the La Joll a Valley 
and Golden Triangle housi ng 
developments on the grounds that they 
would contribute to the division of San 
Diego into two ci ties-a more wealthy 
northern side and a poorer southern 
side. He said the Lajolla Vall ey projec t 
was destined to become "another bit of 
urban chewed-up space ," and the 
Golden Triangle had abandoned one 
goal of its original plan: providi ng low-
cost hous ing. 

Dick Carlson 
Dick Carlson is a millionaire Repub-

lican, former television newscaster and 
bank executive running for Mayor of San 

DIego 
Argull1g In an October 28 debate with 

incumbent Roger Hedgecock that he 
understands San Diego's issues, Ca rlson 
said hi s busi ness experience would allow 
him to be "a very good mayor" 

Despite his wealth and close ti es to 
some prominent busi ness le;:tders in the 
community. Ca rlson saId he IS "not 
beholden to any special in terest'" 

"I am nobody's puppet," he added 
Carlson is married to the belress to 

the Swanson frozen food fortune, a fact 
which allowed him to loan in excess of 
$300.000 in personal funds to h is 
campaign. 

In h is nrst debate with Hedgecock. 
Ca rlson defended the loans on the basis 
of his "desire to be independent" and 
the need to cou nteract Hedgecock's 
superior name recognition at the 
beginning of the race. 

US Representative 
-41st District 

Bob Simmons 
"I would not ca re if I'm re-e1ected:' 

says Bob Simmons, CongreSSional 
candidate for the 41 st District. 

SImmons, a Democrat , is currently a 
professor at the USD School of Law, and 
has been a judge and a deputy district 
attorney. 

"I would not answer to anyone ," he 
sa id. "This is a critical position, and I 
would yell and hollar to solve the nation's 
problems." 

That is something he claims his 
incumbent opponent , Bill Lowery, has 
failed to do. 

"I examined Lowery's voting record 
and went through his sponsored bills to 
find somet\:ling important he's done in 
the four years he's been in Congress-
and I came up empty," Simmons told the 
La jolla Light. 

His stands on nuclear arms, the 
military and the Equal Rights 

THE FUTURECOPV PLACE 
WELCOMES BACK 

STUDENTS a FACULTY 

Mon, - Thurs. 
fri. 

Sat. 
Sun. 

4 1jz( 
Self Service Copies 

8am-8pm 
8 am -6 pm 
10 am -5 pm 
12 noon -5 pm 

.7-3775 
1855 Villa La Jolla Dr. 

(Near lalphll SaY-On) 

'**" kII*D-s 
THE FUTURECOPY' PlACE 

Amendment are in dIrect opposi tion 10 
Lowery's. 

"I support a ve rift able nuclear freeze ." 
Simmons saId. "Mr. Lowery SImply 
doesn't understand the Issue. He stated 
thar there is absolutely no arms race 
between the US and the Soviet Union. 

"We can go to war WIth RUSSIa or we 
can reach an agreement. That's 
sometbing UCSD stude nts , hould be 
concerned about." 

Simmons also cla im, that Lowery 
opposed the Equal RIghts Amendment. 
Although Lowery denies the accusation. 
he admits that he dId vote against the 
measure whIle in Congress 

Simmons said, "I suppOrt the ERA 
because aft er 27 years o f law-I've been 
judge, trial lawye r, prosecuting a ttorney 
and now pro fessor of bw-(I've seen 
that ) the only guarantee for women In 
this cou ntry for equality of opportunity 
and pay is bas,~d upon constitut ional 
amendment .... 

Central America is another hot spot 
about which Simmons has campaigned, 
saying that the US is "Viernamizing" 
Central America. 

"We have to pull out of El Salvador." 
he sa id. "Lowery suppOrts the covert 
wars and also the US mining of 
Nicaraguan harbors." 

Being a university professor, Simmons 
expressed dIsmay abou t rhe up posed 
increase in conservatism among 
students. 

"Everyone wants to look at their life. 
world and ruture with rose-colored 
glasses. They want to believe that things 
aren 't as bad as they really are and the 
risks aren't as great. 

"Pres ident Reagan says everything is 
great, and some beheve him." 

Simmons said the problems the nation 
faces are difficult but not 
insurmountable. 

"I believe these problems can be 
solved, but we can't solve them by 
ignoring them," he said. 

In local issues. Simmo ns has spoken 
out vehemently against the bullet train 
and offshore oil drilling. 

"I have a bIll in for a ten-year 
moratorium on any drilling of our 
c03<;tltne , from three to 20 miles out," he 
said In a news interview. "I think 20 
miles IS a good buffer from an 
environmental as well as aesthetic 
standpOint . The rigs would be so far off 
the shore they would be vinually 
invisible." 

He added that he might suppOrt 
drilling 30 miles offshore . 

Lowery said that he is not against the 
ERA as his opponent, Bob Simmons, 
claims. 

"I do nOl oppose the Equal Rights 
Amendment. I voted against the 
procedure. ERA legislation was put on 
the agenda without notice," he told the 
La Jolla Light. "Constitutional 
amendments are very serious things. 
They deserve far more than this 
procedure would have allowed for, a 
mere 20 minutes per si de." 

Last year Lowery requested that the 
House Rules Committee omit an open 
rule so the amendment could bave an 
opportunity to be discussed o n the fl oor. 
Lowery claims the speaker railed to act 
on his proposal. 

While his opponent stated that 
nuclear waste should nOl be disposed of 
in urban areas until the proper safe 
facility can be developed , Lowery has 
pushed federal and state cooperation in 
establishing waste facilities. 

He said that there will be plenty of 
community input and that there are no 
waste facilities slated for California or for 
San Diego. 

Lowery also opposes the bullet train , 
the high-speed rail to connect Los 
Angeles and San Diego. He feels that it 
cannot be built without public money 
and doubts that it can be run without > CONTINUED ON PAGE 10 > 

Are you considering professional school? 

HARVARD UNIVERSITY 
JOHN F. KENNEDY 

SCHOOL OF GOVERNMENT 
Is Looking for Future Leaders in Public Affairs. 

Come Learn About Harvard's Two-Year Master's 
Program in Public Policy! Leading to either 

the Master in Public Policy or 
City and Regional Planning Degree. 

MEET WITH: DEAN CALVIN MOSLEY 
Tuesday, November 13 at 9 and 10 

CAREER PLACEMENT OFFICE 
All Students, All Majors, All Years Welcome! 

Joint Degree Programs Offered with 
Haroa,.d's other Professional Schools. 

Generous Cross-Registration Privileges with other Schools. 



8 Monday. Nov. 5. 198'/ 

//n~~~(~) ) 
o 0 (~( ====:::J: ~~( ~) ) I I:=J) 

News from the Radical Ski Club 
All-Cal tickets are still available at the box office thru 

November 16. Just $299 and a RISC membership gets you 
transponation to and from Vail, CO., 5 days oflift tickets, 
deluxe condos, and loads of radical activities including 
broomball &: thumper. What is broomball &: thumper you 
may ask? Come and find out with the ski club November 7 
at 8 pm in the rec. conf. rm. There will be a thumper 
tournament follOwing our meeting. And on November 10 at 
11 pm at the UTC Skate Rink, we will have a broomball 
game. Don't be an outcast, come and play. 

A Discussion on the Debate 
The Sociology Club proudly presents "A Discussion on 

the Debate." Re-asses the issues one last time before the 
election. Video highlights will be shown of the Reagan-
Mondale debates , along with commentary from student 
democrats and republicans. All are encouraged to join in 
and panicipate. Monday, Nov. 5, 5-7 pm in the Muir 
Apanment Lounge. Refreshments provided. 

Is law school in your future? 
The Pre-Law Education Association presents: Sue 

MacRenato from Career Planning &: Placement on 
Wednesday, November7 from 4-5 pm in the lounge above 
the student center gameroom. Learn and ask questions 
about preparing for law school, law school itself, etc. 

Attention women engineers 
The Society of Women Engineers is having a meeting 

Thursday, November 8 from 6-8 pm in Urey 2102. The 
speaker will be Barbara Satirin, an engineer from NOSe. 
She will talk about her experiences as an Arctic researcher. 
This meeting will be held in conjunction with the San 
Diego Society of Women Engineers (non-student section.) 
Refreshments will be served. 

Get out to vote this Tuesday 
Tuesday, November 6 is election day. Join CalPIRG in 

their "Get out to vote" campaign - help make sure that all 
students panicipate in this most basic citizenship process. 
Come by the CalPIRG office (Rm. 208) in the student center 
or call x4873. Together we'll all make sure student voices 
are heard. Come help GET OUT THE VOTE! 

The political film of the week 
On Friday, November 9, the Committee for World 

Democracy will show the award winning 1978 film Class 
Enemy. It is a film about Berlin's unemployed youth, foreign 
worker ghettos, and the growing prevalence of violence in a 
dehumanizing slum district. The film is at 7 pm in TLH 107 
and it is free. 

Come see a mock law class 
PLEA presents a mock law class on Wednesday, 

November 14 from 4 to 5:30 pm in AP&:M 2202. This class 
will be conducted by Prof. Bob Bohrer of Cal. Western 
School of Law. Case material will be handed out priOrto the 
mock class at the PLEA office #4 above student center 
gameroom, or call x4726. 

Are you experienced, involved, educated on 
the issues? Interested in representing the U .c. 
students at the Regents Meetings? Then apply to 
become the STUDENT REGENT. 

Applications are now available for STUDENT 
REGENT at the following locations: A.S. Office, 
EDNA, Deans' Offices, Residence Deans' Offices 
and the Chancellor's Office. 

For more information, please call the Student 
Activities Office at 452-4083. Applications must 
be turned in to the Chancellor's Office or the 
Director of Student Activities Office before 5 
p.m. , Friday, November 16, 1984. 

Third College Bed Buddies 
Commuters vs. Residents 

Sign up in Res. Dean's office by Nov. 8. 
75¢ to enter. Tons 0' fun call 452-4340. 

Get involved with Lasers 
The Laser Institute of America is holding a general 

meeting on Wednesday, Nov. 7 from 6-8 pm in Peterson 
Hall 103. There will be refreshments served from 6-6:30 
and will end at 7. After the meeting there will be a surprise 
guest speaker. All new members should plan on attending 
the meeting to find out about upcoming events. Also, 
anyone interested in joining LIA or anyone with an interest 
in optics is welcome to attend. 

Interested in studying abroad? 
Find out what it's all about from students who have just 

returned from Europe, Africa and Asia. It really is a 
possibility, and all you need to do is drop by! Wednesday, 
Nov. 7, 7-9 pm in the Third College Mountainview Lounge. 
We look forward to seeing you! 

Learn to dress for success 
The Society for Advancement of Management (SAM) 

presents "Nordstrom - Dressing for Business." Find out 
what it takes to dress with professional flair. Thursday, 
Nov. 8 at 7 pm in the Revelle Formal Lounge. Call 452-
4SAM for more information. 

A.5. Programming Logo Contest. 
Prize: $20 Assorted Vinyl gift 
certicate. For more info contact 
John Aliano 452-4450 or 452-
2502. 

You can make a difference! 
UCSD student lobby has positions opening 

up. f'\pplications for Director of Research and 
Third World Coordinator are available in the 
AS Offices and should be submitted to Briony 
Raymond or Kathy Silsbe. 

Groundwork study groups 
Groundwork study groups start this week. Sexual politics, 

collective theory &: cooperative skills, behavioral change, 
women, race & class, u.s. intervention in Central America. 
These study groups are small, intimate learning groups where 
the process of learning is direct and unmystified. The 
atmosphere is cooperative and supportive, so you learn what 
you want to learn, instead of learning how to top the other 
person. There are no prerequisites. Except for cost of books, 
study groups are free and open to eve ryone. For more 
information come by Groundwork Books in the Student Center 
or call 452-9625. 

Call the Gay Helpline 
If you are having trouble with your EXUAUTY or if you just 

want to talk , call us. We can help! 452-GAY . unday-Thursday 
8-10 pm. Confidential peer counseling available. Call for more 
information . 452-GAYS. 

f 

Munday. Nov. 5. /98'/ 9 

Sports Activity Board 

Pre-Volleyb.all B-B-Q 
All you can eat for $2.00 

,Friday, 5:30 pm. Rec. Gym Patio 

Get out ofUCSD and see the Real World 
Like to travel? Want to get work experience somewhere 

else than in San Diego? Interested in getting a first-hand 
look at state and national government activity? Then 
maybe it's time to consider getting a national internship 
through the Associated Students Internship Office! Our 
internships include pOSitions with legislators in 
Sacramento and Washington, D.C., in addition - to 
opportunities with Rolling Stone magazine in N.Y., the 
Smithsonian Institue (D.e.), Greenpeace USA, Dept. of 
Health Education &: Welfare (D.C.), Unit~d Nations Associ~tion (N.Y. &: D.C.), Central Intelligence Agency 
(D.C.), and many others. For more info on our national 
internships, attend ASIa's National Internship Info .Night, 
Thursday, Nov. 8 at 7 pm in HL 1116. Or stop by our ~ffi~e , 
located above the game room in the student center. We re 
open 9-3 daily. 

Are your rights being violated? 
Have you been discriminated against by profs, 

administrators or student groups because of your: sex, 
handicap, race, color, natural origin, age or sexual 
orientation. If so, DON'T TAKE IT SITTING DOWN! Come 
by and see your student advocate, .Alan Colley in the 
Associated Student Office. Mon. &: Fn. 0-2 pm), Tues. &: 
Thurs. (1-3 pm) or call 452-4450. 

The Health Care Series continues 
"Self Help on Women's Health Care" is the subject of this 

week's health care series. Thursday, Nov. 8 from 4-5:30 pm 
in the UCSD Student Health Center. Presented by 
Womancare and sponsored by UCSD Women's Resource 
Center. 

Ski clothes & equipment swap meet 
Buy, sell and trade. Open to students, faculty, staff on 

Friday, Nov. 16 from 9 am to 3 pm at the Rec. Office. 
Sponsored by the UCSD Ski Racing Team. Also, you could 
WIN AN ALL-CAL TRIP or lift tickets, snow valley, $25 gift 
cenificate at Pat's, ski tune-ups, or wine. Over 200 prizes to 
be given away. Tickets are $2 each or 3 for $5. Sold on the 
plaza Mon.-Fri. from 12-1 pm and the drawing will be held 
on Nov. 16 at 2 pm. 



10 Monday, Nov. 5. 1984 

Elections 
"\ CONTI UED FROM PAGE'" : < 
publIC mone),. There are no proposals for 
any federal aid. he added . 

If he were on the San Diego City 
CounCIl . he said, he would outright 
oppose the project. 

Propositions 
Prop. 36 

PropOSition 36 would amend Anicle 
XIlI of the tate Constitution. billed as 
PropOSition 13 in the 1978 eleCtIon . 
adding restrictions on real properry 
taxation. enactment of 'new tax measures. 
and charging fees. 

According to Howard Jarvis . author of 
Prop. 13. Proposition 36 would put a 
StOP to coun-created loopholes "whIch 
undermine the clear intent of 
PropOSItion 13 by allowll1g po\tticians to 
increase many taxes WIthout the vOte of 
the people." 

'The couns have allowed local 

There's Always 
Space for the 
New Expressionist. 

governments to call certalll [.IXC' ''''{'s' or 
'a;,scssmcnts' so the\' can be raised 
Wllhout VOler appro~'al." ja[\'ls add;, 

Howevcr. accord ing to john Hay of the 
California Chamber of ommerce. 
"Instead of clarifYing 13 and closing 
loopholes reated hy politiCIans and the 
couns. PropOSItion 36 makes Proposition 
13 more complt ated and adds new 
loopholes." 

The Universtry of Caltfornta Board of 
Regents passed a resolution in july 
opposing Prop. 36 "in the strongest 
terms possible " A UC analy is predicted 
"financial chaos and an admintstrative 
nightmare" for the University if the 
proposllion passes. 
- The UniverSity is especially concerned 
about two sectIons of the initiative that 
would potentially affect its ability to set 
fcc levels for programs. services and 
construction. 

Proposition 36 would require a two-
third s vote of rhe Legislature or the local 
electorate to increase taxes and fees 
be)'ond the COSt of ' dIrect henefits" and 
innation 

Supponers of Proposition 36 say it will 
prOtect renters against increases in 
income. sales and gasoline taxes. and 
government "fees." 

Prop. 36 would not allow taxes to be 
raised without a two-thirds vote and 
would prevent local governments from 
indirectly raising taxes by increasing 

. fees" traclitlonally provIded from tax 
re"enues. proponents add . 

Opponents of the bIll claIm II will give 
unfair tax advantages to people \\"ho 
bought homes prior to 1978. The)' also 
believe II will force new businesses to 
pa)' higher taxes to sUPI on the tax 
decreases for older businesses. 

The Univer ity of California relies on 
the sale of revenue bonds to finance the 
constructIon of aUXiliary enterprises. 
such as housing. student un ions. athletic 
and recreational facilities, and parking 
structures. Fees c harged to service these 
bonds might also be subject to Legislative 
vote, according to the UC study. 

The University's bond counsel has 
predicted that if the initiative is 
approved it will be impossible to sell any 
revenue bonds without a two-thirds vote 
of the Legislature . 

'The quality of the University's 
teaching, research , and public service 
programs could suffer if state support is 
reduced due to the effects of Proposition 
36 on state and local revenues ," the study 
says. 

The Board of Regents has labeled 
Proposition 36 a constitutional issue as 
well. Substantial authority for managi ng 
the affairs of the University-for 
example, setting fees-could shift from 
the Regents to the Legislature if the 

> CONTINUED ON PAGE 14 > 

At TRW's Electronics and Defense 
Sector, we recognize the value of 
new ideas. We provide an 
environment with space for free 
thought and expression . To us, you 
are tomorrow's source of talent and 
creative energy. With us, you can 
reach deep into the expanses of your 
imagination and help to develop 
teChnologies that li terally reach 
beyond the stars. 

Take advantage of this opportunity 
to shape your future and ours . .. join 
a company that gladly makes space 
for the new expressionist. Tomorrow 
is taking shape at a company call 
TRW. 

Our informal and encouraging 
atmosphere has produced a galaxy 
of opportunities ... encompassing 
large software computer systems, 
communications and scientific 
spacecraft, alternative energy 
sources, high energy lasers, and 
microelectronics development. These 
opportunities are open to you . 

Equal Opportunlly Employe, 
U,S. Cltizenstup Requifed 

On·campus interviews NJ)v . 13 & 14, 1984 
See your placement office for det;"I~ . 

8ectrorics 
& Defense Sector 

Phone 
fraud 
< CONTINUED F~OM PAGE 3 < 
pay the University the administ rative 
fi ne and the cost of the telephone calls 
they illegally placed . 

According to Achimasi, abusers have 
included staff employees, students who 
have campus jobs that alert them to the 
-system aJ)d especially TAs who are 
around code-holders. 

·Several of the ones 1 have caught 
have even had thei r own code 
numbers," said Achimasi. 

Achimasi estimates that UCSD 
catches an average of six major abusers 
each month. This number does not 
include the minor offenders who 
accumulate only smaU phone bills. These 
abusers are usually jUst given warnings 
and monitored very carefuUy. 

Achimasi feels that if people knew 
how easily one can be caught chea ting 
the University they would not make as 
many fraudulent attempts, and the 
University would save money. E:J 

PREPARATION FOR: 

GMAT· LSAT. GRE 
Sen Diego canter 
2180Gamet 2D 

Rx:ifl:: Bea:h.CA 92109 
. (619)27().6810 

Mol tvtN.JIty, Pdmnlstlotor 
ClASSES O'-J CA"vJ'US 

f~ 

NOV.11 IAN_GO 
Sun ConwetwtOn end 
7 :JO PM _"""II A", Cent .. 
NOV. 11 
-. 

7 lOPM 

s. .. .......,...,ht 
,,...,. .. 0ftIcI ana 
fUESEAT.llOOf\t; 

e .. ( ... ' ...... A' 

Monday, Nov. 5, 1984 11 

Prof. Schudson adds up 
ideas in new book 
By lAURIE VOLKIN 

PROFESSOR MICHAEL SCHUDSON . a familiar face to many communica-tIons and soc iology slUdcnts. 
has become a prominent source of 
infonnation, ideas and resources at 
UCSD. 

Smce the establishment of the 
Communication Department two years 
ago, Schudson , an associate professor in 
both communications and sociology. has 
contributed numerous articles in 
academic journals, publicatiOns, lectures 
a nd panel presentations. The main 
thrust of h is work centers around 
advertiSing, American news med ia and 
the mass media's relation to the 
communication world . This interest has 
led Schudson to his most recent book. 
Advertising. The Uneasy Persuasion. 

The book centers around the 
controversial issue of advertiSing, and 
rhe impact it has on our economical, 
social and cultural ways of life . It 
explores the role of advertising in the 
shaping of American values and patterns 
of life. while examining the influence 
advenising has in promoting 
materialistic values. 

What exactly does advertising mean 
to society? Does it consti tute a 
·consumer culture 7" 

These central questions spearhead 
Schudson's intent of understanding the 
power of advertiSing. "I am not fond of 
advertiSing but did not let this position 
stand in the way of objectively 
evaluating it," he said . "I knew 
advertiS ing failed , but conditions 

needed 10 be explored to see when it 
succeeded or failed ." 

Schudson rejects the traditional claim 
that the power of advertising 
persuastvely sells goods, argueing that it 
instead acts as a lubricant or a mediator 
in crea ting consumer awareness . Since 
advertisers put money behind products 
that are already popular, the 
advertisements are directed to people 
already using a product. Rather than 
shifting consumers' buying pa tterns, 
advertising helps to redistribute buyers 
of a given product category among 
different name brands. 

Advenising's power lies in its ability 
to create an awareness of a product and 
possibly a purchase of trial investment. 
Reinforcement occurs With product 
satisfaction, which determines whether 
a product sells or not. 

Advertising has little effect. and as 
Schudson concludes, "It does not create 
consumer needs, it JUSt rein forces them." 

The role of advenismg is explored 
throughout Schudson's book, giving an 
understanding of its psychology, power 
and effects on the American consumer. 

Schudson has always been interested 
in joumalism, having been an edilOr of 
his high school and college newspapers. 
After earn ing a PhD in sociology at 
Harvard. he began teaching at the 
University of Chicago, which eventually 
led him on a path to the 
Communication Department at UCSD in 
1980. 

He strongly believes the theoretical 

University Events Office presents 

A Special Showing 
of 

Columbia Motion PictuTes 
New Release! 

o -
. " (,1,\1 

This Thursdav! 
November 8, 8:00 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 

Free tickets must be picked-up 
at UCSD Box Office: 452-4559 

application taught at UC 0 is 
productIve and useful 10 students, 
· providing them with the knowledge , 
skills and expertise to successfully move 
up in a company or business. 

·Students complain that we are not 
teaching them practical skIlls for the Job 
market. We aren't. These skills can be 
found in internships. (and) writing for 
the school newspaper. What we're 
teaching a student is to read , write and 
think better. These are underrated job 
skills, which will provide initiative to go 
far ... move up in a business and be 
running it. .. ," 

The Commul1lcation Department 
offers a solid liberal arts background . 
Theories, concepts and methods of 
analyzing social, group and individual 
interaction are all explored. The 
emphaSiS is not technical ;. the faculty 
belteves students WIll develop a deeper 
understanding of how communication 
works by exploring the capabtltties and 
limitations of a wide-range of media. 
writing. video, theater perfonnance and 
computer communication. 

Schudson views the Communtcatlon 
Depanment as the "most interesting and 
innovative program in the cou ntry. Its un-
usual collec tion of faculty IS excepllonally 
dedicated to working out ide..ls collectively 
Ihrough tcaching and purring courses 
together 

The Department has grown 
considerably larger in the past two 
years. addtng new courses, personnel. 
ideas and clubs to its program. 

Professor Michael Sc h14dson. 

':Just this year Women in 
Communication, the Communication 
Club, and the Commumque (a 
newsletter) have started. This will allow 
students to voice their opinions and 
become more involved." Schudson said. 

The ma in criticism of the department 
centers around overcrowded classes and 
pauCIty of faculty. Schudson would like 
to see "the faculty strengthened. offering 
more courses that could deal with 
students in small groups: 

The Depanment IS also 111 the process 
of developing a Graduate program that 
would focus on communication theory 
and history. 

Regarded as a highly knowledgeable 
and mformative professor, Schudson is 
well-liked by many students. As one 
communication student. a senior. nOted. 
"Schudson is one of the most 
approachable professors. He's really 
II1terested if a student is understanding 
the material, and how that student is 
doing overall." ~ 

The Warren Faculty Fellows Program presents an 

ELECTION NIGHT OPEN HOUSE! 
COME SHARE YOUR 

JUBILATION OR DISAPPOINTMENT! 

Wide screen TV 
Free refreshments 

Animated and friendly conversations 
with faculty and students. 

EVERYONE IS INVITED!! 

TIME: 6-10 pm, November 6th 
PLACE: North Conference Room, Student Center 

. 



12 Monday, Nov. 5, 198~ 

Services/Workshops 
MONDAY-fllllDAY 
- Tours cJ tilt UCSO c.Yllpus are otrered Monday 

through SaturMf by the Education OppoItunity 
Program/Otlice of Relations with Sd1ooIs. On tilt 
weekdirys, meet at I pm in front of Building 101 
located on Myers Drive. On SatlXdirys, meet at 
10:30 am In front of tilt Central University Ubral)'. 
Tours last approximately I V, hours; no 
appointment is necessal)'. In additIOn, group 
gulda1ce counseling is available for prospectt.ie 
students at 10.30 am Mon~ thrOUgh Fn~ In the 
EOP/ORS office, Building 101 For directions call 
Dial INFO at 452-4636 and ask to hear ~e s-15. 
or call EOP/ORS at 452-4B31 
'0:00-12:00 pm - Graduate Srueent Group-
TIlls group for UCSD graduate srudents focuses on 
personal CDncerns. reiatlOnshops and life goals. led 
by John Andrews and Lourdes Perez. Call 452-
3755 to Sign up. Offered by Psychological and 
COUnseling Setvices. In 1003 HL 
SIOO-71OO pili - TIle SodoJo!l( Club Will be 
discussing the presidential debates with student 
de'nocrats and republicans and videQ highlights. 
RefrestTnents provided-All are welcome. In the 
MJlr "Pt Lounge. 
TUUDAY 
•• "'0100 _ - Graduate Women in 
Humanities Group-TIlis is a weekly support 
goup for gradlJate women students in tilt 
Humanities concerned with personal. professional 
and academic issues. Miriam losupovici and Sandra 
WlIder-PadiJIa. Je~. Meets at 1003 H-L Call 
452-3755 to sigl up. Offered by Psyctlological and 
COUnseling Se1vices. 
12100-1100 pm - Hey. Hey .... All cJ the 
happenln' bunch take their lundlland questions) 
to the Birth Control Information Session. Uke It 'S 
free. CDnfldential rap time about sexual health. PAP 
smears. the Women's Clinic. and a ll of tilt most 
radical new birth CDntrol methods are tilt topiCS of 

the~. Get with It and CDme on by. LPstairs at the 
Student Health Center. 
2100-••• pili - Gay/ Bisexual Men's Group -
This IS an Ofl11Oing CDnfidential support group for 
undergraduate men questioning their sexuality. as 
well as those who identify as ~/bisexual. MeetS 

~e/(~ throughout tilt year. Led by Steve Bract;. 
Meets at 1003 H-L Students can call 452-3755 for 
more info, or they can just come to the group. 
w.DNDDAY 
, ZIOO-,. pm - There is a region which lies 
between tilt pit of man's ~ars and the summit ot 
his imagination. It is a region not only ot sillf It and 
sound, but of mind TIle signpost up a~ad reads. 
"TIle Birth Control Zoneill" Dorn be frightened. 
there is help to be found at the Birth Control 
Information Session. LPstairs at tilt Student Health 
Center. 
12.)()-2:00 pm - Recovering from Eating 
Disorders I -I RED I I - ThiS IS a group for women 
With eating diSorders. PartiCipants move taware 
recovery through a program 0' graclual stages. 
Students who are obsessed with weight control. 
Vvtlo ITlifi alternately binge. 'ast or \>Omit will find a 
common ground of support and canng in thos 
group. Focus will be on eliminating tilt addictille 
behavior while also working to understand tilt 
relationship of feelings in this pain~1 cycJe. Led ty 
Miriam losupovici and lindSey Stroben, 
Psyctlologlcal Services. Meets at 1003 Humanities 
~ Ubrary Building. call Miriam ()( Undsifi at 452-
3755 to Check about tilt group and _ If its for 
you . 
Z ....... O pllt - Gay/Bisexual Graduate 
Student Group-This ~ng CDnfidential group 
for men and women will focus on group members' 
CDncerns pertaining to hailing an alternate sexual 
preference and being a gradlJate student In other 
'Mlrds. rewndling one's personal and professional 
Identity. led ty Steve Bract;. Meets at 1003 H-L Call 
452-3755 i' you have ;ny questions. 
4tOCI-S ... pili - O\.Iercoming Procrastination-
TIlis four-part workshop Is for students who feel 
pressured because of deli!)lng tactics. The purpose 
of tilt workshop is to understand tilt sources, 
power and problem 0' procrastination. The 
workshop will explore wifjS of overcoming tilt 
haOit of procrastination and offer hope to ItS 
victims. ActIVe participation and involvement will 
be required of group members. Meets Nov. 7.14.21. 
a-!d 2a at the Revelle Provost's Office. led by 
Hugh Pates. Psychological and Counseling 
Services. 452-3456. 
7100-9100 pili - Drop in Information Session for 
TIlird College Students regarding the Eclucation 
Abroad Program and other tr_l/lMlrk/st~ 
opportunities. In the Mtn. View lounge. 

lHUIIIDAY 
"IOO-'Z ... ,... - ~IJe Registration and 
~lrl!fT1e1t Sesslo~An InfortniKllle meeting to 
assist)QJ with procedJres for Winter ~stratlon 
and will also I'P.IM!w RellefJe'S General Education 
Rrquiremmts. Presented by R!!IIeIJe Academic 
CounselOrs. In USB 4050'\. 
'IOO-Z.IO ..... - General Group lllerapy - This 
o~lng group Is open to all UCSD st~ts, 
gradlJate or undergrilduate ~ fows Will be on 
both personal and interpersonal concerns. O~ed 
ty Steve Bract; and Connie Brunig. Meets at Hl 
1003. call 452-3755 to sign up 
1100-41. pili - Drop-In Gay!Bisexual Men's 
Diswsslon Group. This Is a weekly drOl>'in ~ 
discussion group for male students IIIIho identify as 
being ~ or bisexual, as well as those who are 
exp/orif1!J their sexuality. 1'1 great opportunity to 
talk with other students sharing sjmilar concerns. 

~ members can Join at ;ny time. Otfered by 
Carlos N~1son and Demetrius 0eJacruz. Meets at 
1003 H-L If students hir.oe questions they can call 
carlos at 4 52-4297; otherwise. they canjust arrille 
for tilt 9'OUP. 
""MY 
1:00-4:10 pm - I'Ilcohol and Substance I'Ibuse 
- For students who want help in dealing with an 
alcohol or drug use problem. fn1>hiI5is wiU De on 
understandJng the ~ of tilt problem. 
identifying options. rnikW1g a comrJitment to 
dlange. and foUowlng through. Homework 
assiglments and group norms will be established 
as part cJ the group's and indiIIid.Jal's program. 

~re joining tilt group. Intf!restrd students are 
asked to call1lecca at 452-3 755 to make a short 
appontrnent with one of our counselors to _ if 
the group will meet their needs. Led by Dan 
Munoz, f'S)<choIogical and Counseling Services. 
Meets at the ~IIe PrOllOSt'S Office. 
4.00-6.00 pm - Campus Black Forum - TIlls IS a 
weekly Informal discussion group on the ISSUes. 
concerns. and the quality of H~ of the Blade 
community at UCSO. This is an ongoing group and 
students can join at ;ny time. Cau leader Phil 
Raphael at 452-3035 if you hir.oe iJr¥ questions; 
othtfwise. students can just tum up at tilt group. 
It meets In Mt. View Lounge at TIlird College. 
~ed by f's)<tloIogical and Counseling Services. 
7 ...... - Make a "~oI" inIIoestment with a 
national int~rnshlp in Washington DC. 
Sacramento, or elsewhere in the us. Leam what 
~nitles are avallable through the Assodated 
Students Internship Office at National Internship 
Nig,r. in Hl 1116. For more info. call 452-4689. 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

------------------------------------------------------i 
Organizational 
MONDAY 
4100 ..... - I../\GO Steering C~: It you 
wiJI'K to heip plan CDming events or if)QJ want to 
It.roN what we're OOing. come to our weekly 
mel!ting. Multipurpose room-Student Center. 
Lounge. 
1UIIIDAY 
7 ........ - Surf Club Meeting. BrIng SIO.OO for 
membership and Htlrt. MexlCD Tr., on Nov. 10 
and II will be discussed along with ~ture contests 
and parities. Rerneber practlces, TuesdifiS 6:30 am, 
Friday 3 pm. In USB 3010. 
'MDNlllDAY 
• 100 .... -Pre-dental Club met!ting In the Revelle 
Informal Lounge. EJections and upwming field trip 
to UCSF to be discussed. 
8100 .... - Thumper Tournament following tilt 
RISC Ski Club Meeting. Praaice for the big 
tournament up in VillI. All-cal and broornball info 
there also. Come and play. In tilt Rec. Center 
Conference Room. 
ntUlllDAY 
IIGO .... - ~ UCSD Speech and Debate Team. 
Interested In Improving your public speaking skills 7 
Drama. Corrm, Poli. Sci. and all other majOfS 
welcome; no experience neces5al)'. .JoIn tilt 
Speed'! and Debate Team. In ,USB 2330. 
""'DAY 
•• 10 pm - Yes Folksl We still eXIst. Youy only 
otfidal nort-role plifilng club. Come and support 
us. All we ~ are your smiling faces. We meet 
t:>Iel)' Friday night In APM 2113 Corne and tell us 
what you hk~ to pl<tj. 

7100 pili - Dine Free India-! Style. Krishna 
Meditations Natural Vegetarian Cul~. And It's 
Free. In the North Conference Room. 

Recreation 
- &Jy your I'IJl..CaI tJdc4it.<; nowIli1tJ1 Nov. 16. Mt 
S299 plus RISC membershi p Includes 
transportation, 5 dirys of Nit tJdcl!tS. deluxe 
acCDrrodations a-!d loads of ~n activities including 
broomball and 'lru111>ef. On sale at the Box Office. 
THUIIIDAY 
...... ,... - La-lguage Tables: Come and 
COfM!lse in French. German or Spanjsh OYer 
dinner. All interested foreign iar9Jage students 
are mclSt welcome-meal cards or cash basis . 
Native speakers can hir.oe meals paid for. ca1/455-
0157 for infromation. In the South Diring Hall of 
the Revelle cafeteria. 
8100 ..... - LAGO's weekly soda/: A great place 
lor members of UCSO's lesbian and ~ community 
to gather in a CDmfortaOle atmosphere. In TCHB 
141. 
IAnMmAY 
'0100-'. pili - Take part in creating a 
whOlesome and deli cious meal featuring 
YegetabJes. dall)' products, and grains in place o f 
meat. Sign up for OCR's Vegetarian Dinner 
Workshop. Call 452-4037 for details. S9 I'It 
canyonview. 
'1100 pili - Come play broomball with t~ 
Radlcal~ Indlned Ski Club. Shp-n-slicJe around tilt 
Ice. in preparatIOn for the All-cal. At the UTC 
Skating Rink Free for members, SI.OO for norr 
members 

lectures 
TUaDAY 
SIOO ]!III - Masa Goetz. one of the founders of 
SUnshine \/II • • a shelter lor ~ women, 
wi. be the guest speaker at tIls week's lilille'sity 
Toastmaster's I11I!I!ting. Her speech Is entitled ... ~ 
IlJmJng Bed: StoppIng the C)CJe of Family 
VIolence." In Conference JaJm III/\. In the 
OlanceIIor's C~. 
n..sD"Y 
4I0IHIJ0 ,... - instructional clinic on self-
gynecological examination, pr~sented by 

Womancar~. In the Student ~a/ttl Center 
I t..pstairs). 

I 
I 
I 
I -
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

Acaaemic SeNices 
MONOAY-fllllDAY 
........ ,. - SlGI. System of Jnteractille 
guidance and Information is a CO"llUter-oased 
program of career Information designed to hrJp 
}'Ou clarify your llitiues and occupational Interests. 
For more Information. come to Career Se!vJces 
Center. IN f.i.. room 1058. 
..10-4.00 pm - Mid-Term Prep PAL 
Conferences - Do you ~ conndent about your 
mid-term 7 Do you know what to stuO; a-!d how to 
learn for total recall7 Can you write a strong 
answer to ~ questions7 Do)QJ /now how to 
score high on multiple choice and true or tJlse 
questions7 Do you budget your test tiem7 If)QJ 
answered "No" to any 0' these questions. . 
schtdule a PAL con~ence m learn how to do 
}'Our best on exams. Sponsored by the O/\SIS 
Reading and Stuc:t; SkIUs Center in USB 4010. 
.10 .100 ,. - ()I\SIS WrIting Center oilers 
free senlice for all UCSO students who need pr~ 
lMiting help. con~ences on drafts, and editing 
alMee. W~ engage af¥ kind of writing problem. 
Conferences are by appoiIltmer It trij. E-*'9 
~1ntrnenIs are now also ...aiJ.tlle In o/\slS 
Third Place at ThIrd College. IFor the ~II range of 
seMces _ badccJFalI Sc::heQJ1e)CaU452-2284 or 
CDme by USB 4010 to make .. appointment. ThIs 
service Is availalle ttYoughout the quarter. In USB 
4010. 
•. ,..100 pm -looking to get more free time7 
leam more7 I~ove your GPI'I7 Th6I call the 
o/\slS Rradlng m ~ SkIlls Center .. d ~ 
}'Our learning style. Make an appointment and 
bring )QJr books, as.slgr1l11l!ntS, and notes to the 
oa.slS Rrading .. d ~ Skills Center for a 
personal strate!l( session on how to tackle your 
'Mlrk In the mclSt elfident and successM wifi. Just 
say )QJ want a PAl I personal assistance for 
Jearning conference). In USB 4010 
9M»-.... pili - Get that "previous experience" 
that all the ernp/o.)lers are looking for with a-! 
nternshlp from ASIOI Internships are <Mlliable in 
all fields lco~ter science. public relations. law. 
and ITIiWlY others) and In all areas ISO. g:~iItS 
Callfomia. Washington DC). For more Info. stop 
ty the ASIO offiCI! located above the Game Room 
In the Student Center. or call 452-4689. 

•• 00 pili - GRAMMAR MOSES HOTLINE - .... 
hOtline phOne-ln service for help with diction, 
grammar and punauatlon problems. To reach 
Granmar Moses, call 452-22114 betI.werl tilt 
hours o f 9:OIH:OO Monday througl FrIMf. 
Sponsored by OASIS \lIriting Center. Service 
available throu!1Jout tilt quarter. 
I ............. - Drop-in Hours. For questions 
pertaining to career planning. job hunting. resulTl«! 
crnlQulng, etc. Appointments may also be 
scheduled in tilt morning by calling Career Services 
Center at 452-3750. 
MONDAY 

- Graduate SChool/l..1w/MBI'I .... dllislng. 
Plann ing on a gradlJate, law or Me.-. cJegree 
program alter UCSD7 Help with admissions and 
application questlons ~ by appon tmer1t on~. 
Call Career Se!vJces Center at 452-4939 for more 
deta/lrd Information. In tilt Student Center Bldg: 
/\. 
,100-... pM - Interested In the Health 
ProfI!ssIons7 AlMsing appojntmena avallable for 
career pIaYlIng and pr~ school 
~atJon. Call career Ser\IIces Center at 452-
4939 In Dance for an appointment. bUt no NrlJer 
INn one week. In the Studl!nt Center Bldg. /\. 
, ....... pM - Mock 1nten.1ew-Seelng and 
hearilg }'OUI'5eIt on vkIeoUpe can ~ put the 
finishing touches on Interviewing skills. 
Prerequislte: InteMe>Mng Skills WorIcshop. Call 
Career ServIces Center at 452-3750 ID make .. 
appointment In Hl 1058. 
TUaDAY 

- Graduate School/Law/Me.-. /\dvlsing. 
Planning on a graduate, law ()( Me.-. degree 
program after UCS07 Help with actnJssions and 
application questions ~ by appointment on~. 
can career ServIces Center at 452-4939 for more 
detailed Information. In the Student Center Bldg. 
/\. 
9100-'0100 _ - The OASIS Grammar and 
Mechanics Workshop Is desig'1ed for students 
who would like to work on clarifying basic 
grammatical concepts and categories. and 
applying them In a-! extensiIIe systematic series of 
practical ec_dses. lllIs practlce is vaJuaoJe for 
iIf'¥ students who ~ problems writing tilt 

r· 

CO"l>iex English sentences ~ in academic 
wrimg. An _dsemanual to be purchased by the 
student will be used. All work will be CD"l>ieted In 
the CXlI"IteXt of the workshop. In USB 4OlM. 
-''''IZIOO pM How To Stuc:t; MattI and 
Sdence- Spenclng hours working problems7 Feel 
anxious aboUt what )QJ 1t.roN7 Learn how to 
learn chtmlsty or pre-aiculus math through data-
synthesizing strategies that take the anxiety, 
ooredom, and confusion out of your courses. Bring 
your course material and see your courses in a 
whole rwMI Wify. Sponsored by tilt o/\slS Rradlng 
and St~ Skills Center. In Third College 
Humanities Building Conference room 141. 
'ZIOO-, ... ,... -TIle OASIS French Workshop 
is designed main~ for students who are writing 
papers or other class assignments in French. 
Studen!s not working on spedftc papers, but IIIIho 
IM)Uld iJke to perfect Itleir writing atliNty In French, 
are also welcome. ~ Workshop will ~ a 
unique opportunity for students to edit their own 
papm, and seek CDnStruallie altIdsm from their 
peers. It wiN also pn;Mde clarification ot grammar. 
~ and sentence andp¥agraphstructure. 

Pr~'M'Jting diswssions. 'Nhen necessary. will be 
conc1Jaed In French. Students may attend on 
fe9J1ar ()( ocrasIonaI basis. In USB 4070. 
'IOO-ZIOO ..... - The l89Jage f'rogam lM!J I 
and II-ThIs Oi'\SIS foaJses on the ttWnking skills 
)IOu need to successlll~ harI<te the r~ading m 
writing tiISks assI!J'led n your courses. It is 
desJg1ed for those who WiJI'K ID ~ their 
English /ar9lage skills. LP classes are taug,r ty 
rNding and writing spedalists and bilir9JalllltotS. 
LP Is presented by the OMIS \Ihiting Center and 
the OASIS R~adJng Center In USB 40608. 
Z....... pili - Interested In Medidne or 
Dentistl)'7 DfOIHl acMsing in open sessions. In the 
Career Services Center at the Student Center Bldg. 
A. 

Z ........ - InteMewJng Skills Workshop. Do you 
need ~ In preparing for job intelViews 7 career 
SeMces Center will pIOIIide tips on the best w¥ 
to present )QJr qua/lftations and what kind of 
inter\liew questions to ~. In the RevelJe 
FormaIloulge. 
Za»4IOe .... - Interested n Medidne or 
Dentlstly7 ~ acMsJng in opensessJons. In the 
Career SeMces Center at Student Center Bldg. /\. 
_DAY 
•• 00-'0.00 :'m - The 01'1515 Grammar g 
Mechanics Workshop is designed for students 
whO would like to work on clarifying basic 
gramlTlitical concepts and categories. and 

~ them In an ~. systematic series ot 
practical ecerdses. lllIs practice Is valuable for arPJ 
srudents who haIIe problems writing the ~ 
English sentences demirIded n acadernJc writing. 
An ecerdse manual to be purchased by the student 
will be used. All work will be <O"l>Jeted In the 
CDntect cJ the workshop. In USB 30508 . 
.... " ... _ - Interested n MedIcIne ()( 
DentlstIy7 ~ acMsJng in opensessJons. In the 
Career SeMces Center at Student Center Bldg. /\. 

,~, ... pM - THE Ql\SIS SPNI/ISH 
WORKSHOP is a new feature of the liIn9Jagc! 
Program. It Is designed main~ (or students who are 
writing papers ()( other class assignments In 
Spanish. Students not INorking on specllIc. but 
IM10 \/\IOUld like to perfect tIltir writing ability in 
Spanish Me also weiCDme. The Workshop will o~ 
a uniqu~ opportunity for students to edit their ovvn 
papers. and seek CDnstructive critiosm from thoeir 
peers. It will also provide clarification of grammar. 
mechaniCS. m sentence and paragraph structure. 

Pr~lMiting discuSsions. when necessary. will be 
conc1Jcred In Spanish. Students rT1ifi attend on 
f!g.J1ar or occasional basis. according to their 
needs. In USB 4070. 
'ZIOO-:Z1OO .... - Students interested in 
Ut!Wrlting are Invited to an informal gathering 
wth Literature filaJlty a-!d staff to discuss Writing 
Program. ITI4IIor /minor requirements and course 
ollerings. Refreshments will be servI!d. TCHB 119. 
Z • •• '" Textbook Reading for Recall-How 
INn)' times should)QJ r~ad a cNpter7 Oncel This 
workshop shows)QJ how to r~ad efIId~ and 
transfer tedious hours into proclJctive Jearning 
sessions. BrIng your textbooks and leam how to 

~ Jeamng ef'IIderq tecTniques to )lOUr 
cnurses. In tilt Studer1t Center Conference Room, 
Bldg. B. 
... pili - "Marketable Resuml!." Leam how to 
write .. efI'ecIiIIe rl!5Ul11l!. Start the process hoer~ 
then have your resume! critiqued by a car~ 
SeMces Center A£Msor. A must for ~s 
interviewing. In tilt Revelle Formal Lounge. 
4IOCI-SIOO pili - Women in Medidne-Carel!f'S 
and Ufestytes-Come and meet informal~ with 
pt¥jdans and students. In tilt R_IJe Informal 
Lounge. 
ntUIIJD"Y 

- Graduate School/Law/MBA Advising. 
Planning on a graduate, law or MBA cJegr~ 
program after UCSD7 Help with admissions a-!d 

Monday, Nov. 5. J 984 13 

application questions ~ by appointment ~. 
Call Career ServIces Center at 452-4939 for more 
detailed information. In tilt Student Center Bldg. 
/\. 
.... 10100 _ - TIle o/\slS Grammar and 
Mechanics Wcrkshop is desIgr!ed for students 
who would like to work on dariJ'ying basic 
grammatical concepts and categories. and 
applying them In a-! extensive systematic series of 
practical exerdses. TIlis practice is llitluable for ;ny 
students who have problems writing tilt CDfT1)lex 
English sentences demanded in academic writing. 
An exerdse manual to be purchased by tilt stucJent 
will be used. All work will be OO"l>leted in the 
context of tilt workshop. In USB 30308. 
10.11-".10 _ - Interested In tilt Health 
Professions 7 AdIIising appointments available for 
career planning and pr~fessionaJ school 
preparation. Call Career Services Center at 452-
4939 In iOIance for .. appointment. but no earlier 
than one week. In the SllJdI!nt Center Bldg. /\. 
, ....... - Finding the Hidden.Job Market. 8O'Ib 
of all vacandes are u~ This career 
Selllces workshop wiU teach)QJ a Wifi to fond OUt 
about them. In the Revelle Formal Lounge. 
2IM-.... ,.. - TIlt language f'roga'lll.elit!ls I 
& II - This OASIS ft)cuses on the ft*1kJngskilis you 
need to success~IJy harlM the reading and 
lMiting tasks assigned n )QJr CDUfSes. It is 
desig'1ed for ~ who WiW'lt lD perfea thoeir 
English I~ skills. LP classes .r taught by 
reading and writing spedalists and by blling.Jal 
tulDrs. lP is presented by the o/\slS \lIriting Center 
and tilt O/\SIS Reading Center. In USB 40608. 
.... DAY 
10111-11.10 _ - Interested in tilt Health 
Pr~ions 7 AlMsing appointments <MIIlabie for 
career planning and pr~fessionaJ school 
preparation. call Career Services Center at 452-
4939 In adIIance for an appointment.. but no earlier 
than one week. In the Student Center Building A . 

r-------··----------------------------------------------Religious ,Functions 
MOMaAY-fWDAY 
S ........ - Catholic MaD. Sponsored by thoe 
Cattollc Comtnlnity at UCSO. In the U1IYerslty 
wtheran Church. La Jolla Shores and N. Torrey 
PInes Rd. 
MONDAY 
7.00-.. 00 p. - Inter-'aith Student Board is a 
link between UCSD students and the Offic~ of 
Religious All'airs. It)QJ would like to r;!present a 
"'*' faith on c.an'1lUS. pIe_ CDr'Ua the ORA 
OIlIer, 452-2521. Rev. Bob Wagener. Staff 
Coordinator. In the South COl Ie e Ice RIDom cJ the 
SIudent Center. IIuIIcIIng B. 
,....... ,.. - Asiar1 I'\merIcan ~ 
FeIbNshJp ~- TonIjtC. _ III! hMlgsmaJl 
group c1!so ....... on the ~ of ChrIst." In 
IdIItIDn. _ will be srwlng.wl singing praises to 
God. PIe_join usl In the North Con~ence Room 
at the Student Center. 
_.I.MY 
...... - l.IJIheqns at UCSO tost a suppI!I' 
qI81 to all. In the IDunge ot I.kMrsIty LuIheran 
0IIrctl. ).Jst west fA lkey HaJI. 
6I4S ,... - Bible stuc:t; led by lutheran students 
- TopiC: Acts 16 and 17. EIIerj'OIle ~Icome. In the 
IDunge fA U'WenIty luther .. Churctl. ao'OSS the 
street from ReIIeJJe CoIIq. 
, ...... - For Christlrd, a series of weeIdy 
seminars "Answ~rlng Ouest Ions about 
ChristJa'1Ity: . Ta&q1t by Bob SIegel cJ Sqjoumers 

Christ~ FellowshIp. In the North COIIfe e Ice of 
the StudI!nt Center bldg B. 
......... - Lutheran Inquirers SemInar. led by 
PasIDr Jom Huber: Our Ufe-SUpport System on 
Planet Earth-"Word. WiltS. Wlhr, Wine." Open 
-0 all. In cJ the lilille'sity Lutheran 

Church at La .Jolla Shores Dr. and North Torrey 
Pines Rd. 
, 0100 pIII-CandleIig,r Mass. Sponsored by tilt 
CatroIJc: COII1I!IJf1ity at UCSO. In tilt ~ of tilt 
lillYerslty lutheran Church. 
ntUIIIDAY 
..... ,... - The Trorsday Dimer. Good /bod and 
grea oorrpar1y. Sponsored ty the Catholic Student 
Coordinators. DonatIon S2.00. In tilt Lnillersity 
lutheran Church. 
7 ...... - BII* St~ 1'1 time to dsa:M!r the 
me.llng cJ Goers Word In our daily lilies. 
Spcncnd ~ the UthoIIc SIIJdent Coordnators. 
In the Catholic IDunge at the UMnIly l.uttleran 
OIIrdl. 
JIll ... -CeIrClriItr your "1I'eforrNtIon RIght-
join the li1Ited ~ MInIstIy Bible ~ and 

~ BlbJJcaI people fAr.th -' wJcness. UCM 
Is the "*1IstJy at the PresbyterIan, Mett1odIst. 
UCc. -' ~ fA ChrIst. ~ INcIer Is Rev. 
Bob Wagener. Ifefn!shrnena lD bIIow. In the 
South Conftrence Room. IllJldlng B at the StudI!nt 
Cerur. 
....aAY 
'ZIIO,.. - Tr.DPOItatb'I to lutherart FKUly 
CoIIoquklm at UCLA ~ 110m ~ 
l.utt1eI'In Church. GIll ,..." .Jam /-UIer, 45)-
0561. 
IAn.MY 
.... .... - Catholic MaD. Sponsored by the 
CithoIJc: COII1ITU1Ity at UCSO. In the lilJ\loerslty 
l.utt1eI'In 0IIrch. 
IUlliDAY 
.... IS .. " .. _ - EpIsalpiJ Church 
IXA:lrsHp SenIIce: SundiPj Eucharist and ParIsh 

~Jowship, In the Good SarnarUl Eplsoopa/ 

Church, at 4321 Eastgate Mall. aaoss Genesee 
from the east end of ~. north of La Jolla 
Village Dr. IV. the intersection ot Eastgate Mall and 
Genesee. 
illS pili - Episcopal Church Worship Service: 
Folk Mass. In the Good Samaritan Episcopal 
Church. 4321 Eastgate Malt 
.... _ - Catholic Mass. Sponsor~ by tilt 
Carrollc Comrrunity at UCSO. In tilt UWersity 
luther .. Church Chapef. at the wrner cJ North 
Torrey PInes and La Jolla Shores. 
'0100 _ - Lutheran WorsI'ip Service: "Our 
Emerging Consensus." by Pastor .John 1-UIer. 
Oprn to ill. In the CNpeJ at the UW!rsly 
Luther .. Churctl. ao'OSS rtom ReYrIIr College. 
,o.. _ - Cath:lIlc MaD. SpOIllDlrd by the 
Cath)IIc COI'I1I'IU1I1¥ at UCSO. In the StudI!nt 
Center Bldg B. Lower lM!J COl ofete ICE Room. 
I .... _ .. , ... pM - t.utherIn 'MIntip 
SeMces with Pastor John Huber PfNd*1!I on 
"Our E\IIIIg!IJcaIIIII1tness." ~ \1IeIalnIe. In 
the l.culge of the I..JnIIII!rsjty Wtheran Church. 
IIIIS _ - I..JnIIII!rsjty WonhIp SenIIce at 
College Ave. Baptist Church. Come ~ 
feflowship with 0\Ief 500 college Christians. 4747 
College .... ve. 582-7222. 
'OlIO _ - Catholic Mass. Sponsored by the 
CathoHc Community at UCSD. In the Lower level 
Conference Room of the Student Center Building 
B . 
, "11 _ - Stuc:t; on Luther's Table Talk. In the 
Lounge cJ the U'll\lerslty Wtheran Church. 
.... ,.. - Catholic Mass. Sponsored by the 
Catholic COI'I1I'IU1I1¥ at UCSO. In the lklNerslty 
Luther .. Church. 

This edition of the Weekly Calendar is dedICated to UCSO's Bleacher Bums. Without their support. the 
return-trom-death VictOry o t the women's volleyball team over DiviSion I USIU Friday night would not 
have been poSSible. On behalf of UCSD athletics. we thank you for cheering the women on to victory, 
and we hope to see you soon at the basketball games. 



14 Monday, Nov 5, 1984 

Elections 
II1l1lallVl' IS deemnl ro :lppl) 10 C 
programs 

< 
Pro[1ositlon 36 "could result In Ihe 

most sevcre blow to rhe 111depenc\ence of 
the Uniwr,ltv of alifornla" In liS 10-+ 
years of polll;c31 ,lutonomy. concludcs 
Rcgents General Counsd Donald 
Reidh.lar 

Prop_ 37 

ProposlllOn 37 Will establish a ali forn 1.1 
lottery Of the IOtalloocl)' revenuc . 50'}" 
will be returned as pnzes. 34% will go to 
public educallon (with 1\\'0 percent for 
the UC campuses) . and less than 16% 
Will be used to cover the 101le1]'s 

l'\P~lbl" 
Thc 10lll'I'\ IS l'\1 cucd 1\1 llllkn n1<1)'C 

th,m S500 millh)11 ,ml1l1,llIy I,lr l'dUl,III<11l 
,110111' when II h In lull "\'Ing In II, Iirsl 
two \'e.1rs hO\\'C\'CL Ihe Illltcl'\' IS nm 
e.xpl'cled to do a, \\'ell 

The me3sure SIales the IntCI1I Ihm rhe 
monc), collected lor public cc\ucallon hc 
used to 'Iugmcnt. and nm suhsllIure. 
fUllcling alre~d: allocared lor edllc,uh111 
In rhe Stale The mOI1('\, \\'i11 he uscd 
exclUSively lor InSlrUCtlOn,ll purpose, 

If the proposllion IS .1ppnwed. a Stare 
LOll e 1]' nlnmh~hm 1\'i11 he chosen 10 
oversee rhe mechaniCS of thc 10tlc1]' The 
fll'e-memher group will be appOinted hy 
the Governor and then approved hr the 
tare Sen,lIe 0 morc rhan three of the 

commissioners m,1\' he from thl? s;lme 
political pan) . ,1Od' one mcmber musl 
ha\'e a h.1Ckground In law enforcemcnt 
while anOlher musr h.I\·l' a h,Kkground 
In publi J ounllng. 

o Candidates for BS or MS in CS, EE, ME. 

Thl' Lt'mm IIlCl' \I ill 11(' gll'l' ll ,\11 Illltl,ll 
S 10 'i million lrom Ihl' "I,llI' ,cnrral 
rund rll gCI 5r,mcd 

All hMn1\\'ed funds must he repJld to 
Ihe , IJIC \\'lthlll 12 months al a tell 
percelll IIllnesr rate 

10 purchase a loltery tlckel . an 
IIldl\'ldualmusl he 18 )'ears or older 

Those opposed to the proposition 
I1lrlude' Ihc UC 51udcm lohh),. Governor 
George DcukmeJl3n the Parent Teachers 
Assnci,U1(ln . Altorncy General John Van 
De Kal11p . • 1I1d Ihe hcnlfs Associations 
of Los Angeles. San Dlcgo. Alameda and 
Fresno coun tlcs. 

Tho eln lavor include Gail M. 6o)/ce . 
presldclll of Ihe San Diego Teachers 
Assn lalion . ~,mcy ) Brasmer, presldelll 
of the Cali form:! Schooll:mployee5 
A5S0CI,1I10n: and Ed Foglia. former 
chairman of rhe NEA National Tax 
Limilatlons Task Force 

The m.lln Ihrust of Ihe UC Student 

o Students with technical background interested in sales or systems engineering. 

Meet IBM. 
Schedule 
a formal 
interview. 

Why not 
engineer in 
the F?assing 
lane? 

Explore the Technical World at IBM. 
Come to our 

INFORMATION DAY 
Tuesday, November 13th, 8:30 am-4:30 pm 
IN STUDENT CENTER NORTH CONFERENCE ROOM 
IBM will be here in strength to give you blue carpet treatment. 
Representatives from many different IBM operations and locations will 
be available for informal, stress-free briefing sessions. You'll get a good 
idea if there's a promising fit at IBM. 
Formal interviews will be conducted on Thursday, November 15th. 
Contact the Career Planning & Placement Office to schedule a formal 
interview with the IBM facility (or facilities) of your choice. 
Please bring 3 copies of your resume or Personal Data Sheet. U.S. 
citizenship or permanent residence is required for interviews. 

-~--
- --
- ----
- -
- --. ---
- -----
- ----~- , -

• 

An equal opportunity employer 

Illhh: S (\[1[1\l,llI(\n I' ll'ntl'l'l'd .Ir<)und 
Ihe Implil'i1t111n Ih,1I the 'llppiel1ll'ntary 
CducCllIllnal lundl1lg Irol11 I he loltery d,ll'" 
nOI gU,U,lIlll'C ,I Illwllllcre'l,e III Ihe 
I11tlnl'y givcn According m Ihl' Lt'bhy. 
Ihere I, Il(l mand.lIed level 01 SW IC 
SUppOri for cdul':lllon III alifmnia.50 
srarc Irglsl:uors ma)' decrcasc lhl' swte's 
moneta1]' SllPP(lrt expecting rhar rhe 
proceeds from rhe lottery will cover a 
portion of Ihe edUCatiOllalulsls. 

Those III favor of Prop 37 cl:lIl11 Ihm 
rhe loiter)' mOlley will "supplement 
regular cducmional Iundlllg" withoul 

r~l,ing taxes. Education will rece ive a 
minimum of 34% of the loltcry monc)'. a . 
predicted 'li680 million in the firsr year, 
plus all the money from unredeemed 
pn;:cs 

M,my npponents of rhc proposition 
fear that the advent of the lonery will he 

> CONTINUED ON PAGE 15 > 

---------------. COV~N : 
for fREE drink I 

at Warren Grill I 
I 

Announcing 

FREE Boz. DRINK 
with the purchase of a cold 
sandWich at our newly opened 

"EXPRESS WlNDOW' 

Hours a re 12-1 pm. 

Cash onl)'. 
Offer good only until 

November 9,1984. 

-----------------

~~ 
DESIGNS 

PERMS HAIRCUTS 

$1995 $695 
INCLUDES SHAMPOO & 

CONDmONER ONL Y 

OPEN SUNDAYS 
UNIVERSITY TOWNE CENTER 

455-04. 

••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

COPY f COVE LJoIIli 
*QUALITY XEROX COPIES 

* TVPESETTIN~/~ICS 
*QUALITY OFFSfJ PRlNTltG 
* RILL COLOR XEROX COPIES 

*auSINESS CARDS 
* ENlARGEMENTS 
* REDUCTIONS 
* ADDRESS LABELS 
* TRANSPARENCIES 
*NCR FORMS 
* ENVELOPES 

* COLLATING 
* lAMINATING 
* BINDING 
* FOLDING 
*CUTIING 
* PADDING 
*OOILUNG 

ONE STOP PRINTIN~ CENTER 
OPEN: mon-fr' 7.30 to 6.00 sat 900 to 500 

456-Z444 
701 Pearl SI La .IoI'a 

(corne< of Draper ..... ) 
10% Student Discount with th is ad 

•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

• 

Elections 
< CONTINUED FROM PAGE 14 ~ 
accompanied b)' the arrival of "East 
Coast gambling bigshots." The possibili ty 
of organized crime moving into the 
lotrery scene is also a factor , according to 
opponents. 

Proponents of the measure argue that 
the lotlery will be "run honestly" and 
"controlled tightly." The money received 
from ticket sales and the money given 
out will be carefully monirored. checked 
and rechecked and will be subject 10 
strict state audits , according to 
supporters. Also. an),one employed by 
the lottery will be thoroughly 
investigated . they added . 

Prop, 39 

If approved by voters, Proposition 39 
would remove reapponionment from the 
exclusive domain of the State Legislature 
and entrust it to a ten-member 
commission comprised of retired 
appellate coun judges. 

The president of the University of 
California would choose the 
commission's eight voting members by 
lot from two lists of retired appellate 
coun judges. Four members would be 
selected from a list comprised only of 
those judges appointed by governors of 
the state's largest political party, and 
another four would be selected from a 
second list comprised only of those 
judges appointed by governors affiliated 
with the second largest political pany. 

The commision would convene in 
December of 1984 and would be 
required to design and adopt plans for 
new State Senate, Assembly, 
Congressional and Board of Equalization 

districts for use in the 1986 elections 
and throughout the rest of the decade. 
The plans must be drawn to prornote 
panisan competition. The commission 
would also be required to make districts 
geographically com pact and cont iguous 
and , m accordance with the Fourteenth 
Amendment , equal In population . 

The third redistricting plan of this 
decade, if approved, would cost the 
state 3.5 miDion dollars. The measure 
limits the appropriation to the 
commission to one-half the cost of 
designing and adopting the Legislature'S 
redistricmg plans based on the 1980 
census. 

Prop, 41 
Proposition 41 would limit California 

welfare (Aid For Dependent Children 
[AFDC] and Medical) expenditures 10 
the national per-capita average , plus ten 
percent. The measure would place a 
similar limit on the amount that could be 
spent to administer these programs. 

The State Legislature. with a two-thirds 
vote and the approval of the Governor, 
could amend any portion of the measure 
after specified public notice. 

According 10 the "California Ballot 
Pamphlet." "The size of the net reduction 
in combined state-county expenditures 
that would result from this measure 
cannot be determined at this time." 

However, according to the pamphlet, 
if this bill had been in effect between 
October 1982 and September 1983, the 
state would have saved about $1.4 
billion, counties would have saved $140 
million. and the federal government 
would have saved $1.5 billion in 
"matching" funds. 

In the process , AFDC benefits would 
have been reduced by 60% and MediCal 
ass istance would have been reduced by 
36% .. 

The bIll prOVIdes three options for 

ATTENTION: 

STUDENTS 
INTERESTED IN 

LITERATURE/WRITING 

You are invited to an informal gathering 
with Literature faculty and staff 

on 

Wednesday, Novembe.r 7, 1984 
12:00 - 2:00 
TCHB 119 

There will he discussion about 
the Writing Program, major/ minor requirements 

and course offerings, 

Refreshments will be served. 

achieving the necessary benefit 
reductions: 
( 1) limit eligibility. The Legislature could 
reduce welfare eligibility to the extent 
allowed by the federal government. This 
could resuh in increased county costs 
because under state law. counties are 
required to provide support. including 
cash and medical care. for indigent and 
incapacitated persons who do not 
receive assistance from other sources. 
(2) Reduce benefits . The Legislature 
could reduce some or all of the 3D 
MediCal benefits that are not reqUired by 
federal law. AFDC grants could also be 
reduced . In 1982-83 it would have been 
necessary to reduce the monthly AFDC 
grant for a family of three with no other 
income from $506 to between $223 and 
$405. 
(3) Reduce proVider reimbursement 
rates. The Legislature could reduce 
reimbursement rates for some or all 
providers of MediCal services (e.g .. 
physicians and hospitals). 

If Proposition 41 passes. accordmg to 
a University of California analysis. 
among the losers may be teaching 
hospitals . their patients. and medical 
education programs. 

The University manages five medical 
centers in the state, and they are already 
facing a fiscal crisis because of prior 
MediCal reductions a nd inadequate rates 
of reimbursement for government and 
county health. programs. The passage of 
Proposition 41 , UC analysts say, would 
exacerbate the problem. 

To make up for expected revenue 
losses in MediCal if Prop. 41 passes, the 
state faces severely limited options. 
according to the UC report, two of which 
threaten patient access to services. 

The first of these would be to reduce 
the number of people eligible to receive 
MediCal aid A likely target , the study 
notes. are the "medically needy." an 
estimated 245.000 individuals linked to 
the aged . blmd, disabled or dependent 
categorics. 

Monday, Nov. 5, 1984 1 ~ 

"Elimination of the 'medically need),' 
pool would have significant fmancial 
effects on UC hospitals:' the stud), says. 

A second option to accommodate the 
cutS would be 10 reduce services 
provided under MediCal. such as 
optometry and dental services, 
prescription drugs. prosthetic deVl es 
and medical transportation . fJ 

Regent 
< CONTINUED FROM PAGE 3 < 
people familiar to the nominators, 
although the regent may not hold any 
student government position during his 
or her regential term . However, 
combined with the effort to get more 
applications than the very few from each 
campus that now come in is an intention 
to broaden the scope of the selection 
process to attract and consider those 
outside the usual student political 
sphere. How successful this effort and 
intention will be depends partly on who 
applies, and will become apparent when 
the student regent is finally selected. 

The application form itself asks for a 
description of campus- or job-related 
activities of the student that may 
contribute to his or her "effectiveness as 
a Regent." It goes on to ask the applicant 
what three issues are the most important 
faCing the University and how the 
prospective regent, as a student and 
concerned member of society, could 
contribute to the Board. These last twO 
questions also judge the applicant's 
aptitude for breviry, since the answers 
are limited to 500 words each. 

The interviewing process that follows 
attempts to ensure the applicant's true, 
and not simply stated , ability and 
knowledge of the problems and Issues 
faCing the UniverSity. The real test will 
come. of course. after the student IS 
chosen to be the one representative of 
141 ,000 students to the Board of 
Regents . 

rio C • • III 

I 
I 

I 

pi .... 

MEETINGS, BLOOJTf MEETINGS! 
starring Monty Python's 

JOHN CTEESE 
(foUowed by a discussion) 

• 
nus IBUkSDAYJ 

5-6:30 p.m. 
CoalereDce Room lilA 

) 



,.' 

Cup of soup to wat 
By APRIL DURRETT 

BEING ALO E. \[ isn't so bad, you know. They even make soup for one, soup served in a small can 
Just for you. Soup for one so you can 
have dinner for one, alone, without 
haVIng 10 waste the rest of a normal 
Sized can. 

I bet a woman created the concept of 
soup for one . It had to be . Some woman 
who had just finished a romantic , 
emotionally draining relationship who 
wanted to show that she was a 
"survivor," someone who liked being 
alone . This woman was strong, she 
didn't need a man . This woman 
probably cried in her first bowl of soup 
for one. 

She wasn't fooling anyone. Everyone 
knows that in our culture it is perfecdy 
acceptable to be alone , as long as you 
have "someone ," that is . 

Sure you might have friends and they 
matter to you, but they aren't the same 
as a boyfnend. I say this word quietly, 
or two or three of my "unattached" 
fnends would eagerly look around the 
room for any available males 

As for avatlable males, I have come to 
the conclUSion that there aren't any. ot 
any that truly appeal to you, anyway 
Take nme of the follOWing scenario. 

Vou know a male who you JUSt might 
be interested In. He talks to you every 
day in lecture He IS good looking, 
humorous, fairly intelligent , and he 
seems 10 enJoy your company. You 
decide to fi nally say something 10 him 
about a date after weeks of intense 
debating about whether or not you 
would seem too pushy, stupid or some 
other negative quality. You get your 
nerve up, you take a deep breath, you 
tap him on the shoulder, you ask him if 
he'd like to go to a movie with you, you 
find out he has a girlfriend . 

or course . Vou knew that. It was fated 
from the stan. Oh well. 

Or if he doesn't have a girlfriend , he 
is not interested in a relationship. Some 
males consider "relationship " just as 
much of a dirty word as "problem set" 
or "midterm." They want to have a good 

ume, not get involved . Once again, I 
whi~pel so the males sitting by won't 
give me Jmy looks. 

ow, you take away the men who are 
already Involved in a relationship and 
the ones who aren't interested in a 
relationship and what do you get? 
Those men who would never ever 
appeal to you. ever In a million years . 
So you Sigh and ask the clerk in the 
supermarket where the soup aisle is. 

Why do most girls feel such an 
intense desire to have someone they 
can can their own? Some women won't 
admit this , but deep down under the 
surface of their sarcasm and cynicism 
lies a little voice crying out for love from 
a member of the opposite sex. I don't 
think all women are plagued by longings 
for relationships, but most of my friends 
and women rve talked to agree that 
havinj!; someone to love is a very special 
pan ollife. 

Relationships aren't always the easiest 
to deal with , though. Some caU it a good 

r heart 

week If they are are only three days of 
fighting or less. So why the urge to be 
"together?" 

Part of it might be because 
"everybody" else is doing it. Everywhere 
I look 1 see couples. It isn't even spring 
yet. and they're everywhere. Just today I 
saw a couple lying on a cement block by 
Mandeville , kissing. Disgusting, my 
mind thought. Right OUI in public! How 
romantic, my heart Sighed, they're 
showing their love for each other. 

Most of my friends have "spouses," or 
less sarcasticany, boyfriends or 
girlfriends. My good friend , who in her 
time has gone out with more men than I 
have even met in my life, recently told 
me that she might be getting engaged 
soon. Help! What is this world coming t07 

Even if you take away the fact that 
relationships are "fashionable," there Slill 
remains a desire to have someone of 
your own. Why? It could be because 
relationships make you feel more secure 
about the cruel world, because 

relationships boost your confidence, 
because relationships help you develop 
your communicqtion skills, or simply 
because it is a good feeling to know that 
you can get free hugs any time of the 
night or day. 

I have never completely figure out 
why many women, including myself, 
need to have a relationship. Some of it 
makes se nse to me, but some is 
definitely in the gray areas. I have the 
same sense of confusion when my 
calculus professor tens me to simply let 
an equation be correct because that's 
just the way it is. You accept it, but you 
wonder, 

For whatever reason you need a 
relationship , it is important not to need 
a relationship. Sounds completely 
strange, right? Not really. If you need a 
relationship toO much, you aren't 
concentrating on being content with 
yourself. To be happy in a relationship, 
you must filst be happy with yvurself. 
This may sound trite and obvious, but I 
have found that it Is true . 

Like 1 said before, being alone isn't 
~hat bad, is it? Being alone lets you do 
what you want, when you want. You can 
devote time to your friends , whether 
they be male or female . Friends care 
about you and they can fill the same 
place in your life as a relationship. 
Almost. And that's only if you let them. 

You can become so caught up with 
romantic relationships that you don't 
pay attention to your friends. Friends 
are important. Their love can be 
satisfying, sometimes more so than that 
of a romantic relationship. 

With my "vast" amount of knowledge 
about relationships, I'm going to work at 
being happy by myself. I don't promise 
never to read another Harlequin Romance 
(a girl has to fOSler her illusions 
sometimes), but I think I can try to 
make romantic relationships of less 
importance. 

If you see me at Ralph's next to the 
soup, stop and say hello. It might be the 
stan of a good friendship . Then, of 
course, it just might be the start of a 
beautiful relationship ... . ~ 

AIL YOU CAN EAT 
fIJ\ SPAGBElll1 .$~ 
!J~.O $2.50 -0Ss 

,. EVER"Y' MONDAY - 3PM TIL CLOSE '.I 
(Get there early for ' best seating> 

minimum $10.00 order 
PARIY TIME/EXAM TIME/ANY TIME 

CATCH MONDAY NIGHT POO1'BAIJ. AT JENNY'S 

.---------------------------: UCSD SPECIAL : 
: fREE PITCHER OF BEER : 
: WIlH IARGE PIZZA : 

I 
I Offer nolgood with any other discount. I L _.~ _ - - Coupon good throuah 11 / 18/ 84 . • ____ _ ) ~~ ~~1 KIT:CHEN 3945 Governor Dr .. Governor &: , ,\ \' ~ I' Genesee, Safeway ShopplnQ Center ~ Chicago Style Italian Eatery 5 Minutes to UCSD CamPUI 

HOME COODD fOOD AT PAST fOOD PIICES. 

Morulay. f\J'lY. 5. 1984 17 

'Bounty hunters' attack UCSD voters 
By CHRISTOPHER CANOlE, Per pea;"f' Editor 

I have voted in every presidential 
election during the past I 6 yea rs, but thiS 
Tuesday I c:mnot vOle. 

In our politically uncensored 
democracy, every person In this St::ltc IS 
guaranteed the right to vote in Tuesday's 
eleCllon if the lollowing reqUirements arc 
met: United States clllzensh lp, Cal iforni a 
residency, at leasl 18 years of age , no 
record of incarCeration, and registration 
at least 29 days prior to the election. 

Wrongl 
Not if you have crossed paths with a 

"bounty hunter." 
No, not a mangy, dust -covered bounty 

hunter of the Wild West who rode into 
town seeking to capture a wanted man 
dead or alive. The bounty hunters of 
today, like their predecessors , dress to 
blend in with the local community. Here 
at UCSD they could be seen scattered 
throughout our campus in a range of 
appearances, from that of the button-
down-collared conservatives to the blue-
jeaned liberals. Even though they 
represented a wide variety of political 
organizations, they had one thing in 
common: They sat behind a Registrar of 
Voters banner. 

Six weeks ago I was unknOWingly 
targeted by a bouncy hunter on the Main 
Drag berween Muir and Revelle. 1 heard 
him call out, "If you have changed your 
address since the last election , you must 
re-register for the coming election." Since 
I first came of age 10 vOte I have fulfilled 
my obligation to ensure my right to vote 
by registering at one of these streetside 
convenience tables that millions of 
Americans have become accustomed to 
using. 

This registration "volunteer" scanned 
my completed official form, claiming he 
wanted to make sure I had filled it out 
properly. When he questioned why I 
checked the political parry preference 
section with "Decline to State," I was 
unaware that his concern was for the $ 1 
"bouncy" he would receive if he 
convinced me to designate the particular 
political party that hired him to register 
vote rs. 

Actually, I first heard th e term "bounty 
hunter" lasr week when I called the San 
Diego County Registrar of Voters to 
inquire as to why I had not received my 
voter information packet and notification 
of polling place. After an extensive 
search, a deputy registrar apologetically 
informed me that their records indicated 
they had not received my registration 
application for the election. "Regretfully, 
nothing can be done. Perhaps the 
volunteer accidentaily misplaced your 
form . May we suggest that for the next 
election in 1988 you complete the form 
at you local post office ." 

My next series of questions about vote r 
registration policies were met repeatedly 
With. "I am sorry, but nothing can be 
done." My outrage at being denied onc of 
the basic rights as a CHi zen of our 
CO Untry due 10 a volunteer's error only 
rece ived a curt. "I am not here to listen to 
any more of your complaints. If you 
contact your particular political party, 
perhaps they can better explain the 
Iluation ." 

I have actively supported and 
participated in our election process 
through four presidenCies. I am not a 
person who sits back and complains that 
my one vote means little in the final 
outcome. As it does to every citizen, the 
right to vote means a great deal to me. 
But now, in the eyes of the Registra r of 
Voters, I am a non-person. 

Since I had declined to Slate a party 
affil iation on my missing-in -action 
registration form , I sought out assistance 
from both the Republican and 
Democratic Pany headquarters. 
Ironically, 'he libertarian candidate for 
President was being interviewe~ in the 

\. DETACH HfIIE '00 _'LING J 

"" CIa _ .. _ , load __ ond 
_ ~ IN ..- .. Iypod. 
w __ nA ___ n 01' 
.......... -..-,. ...... "" ............. 
rov ..., ,....., to ...... pt'oWtied you WIll 

, .... ,......-....., 
... ,. c .. G.... 
..... _ ....... ,...".. 

........... ", .. -

.. atdt . ... 
l· .............. . *aoc_ 

............. • .... . 1 

·"".,..~ .... ~iI 
.._ ....... ,--. .... 

, ""'*r-c ............ .... 
6 ...... _ .... _.ur. ... 

1'1 ,. 3. , IN 
--. 

4. . .... 

, . 1ft Of'" to wote 
,,~,.... 
,.......-..-
....... : ho.e-er 
__ .,... ,eceiwe 
..... v." 

' ....... ' (119) ,.,..., 

......... , ........... Ioc:ae.d ~ fIftd .. WOI'1WIQ 
the .....,.. H you ON 11 ,.... of op. 

-.,.. ....... _. --.-... ..... , 
- .., ..... ,......, ... ...,..., 

IT,.. ; ~ . ... , 1M 
<I . 

""~-""" • ......no. ~ 

·Y.tf?= ..... -.. .. .... -
...,., . .... 01 qw H ""0 0 

.~I!Jl.~ paid by t~e Republican, Dem~rat~~..2!:.!:!e;r arian parties 

..... _'"'!"--... _. I for the appre ension P 30665 

................................... __ .... w.. f IIIM--

......... .,.. ... ~it ... ,., .............. ,...., ..... 0 
,..v.. ........... c...,.......... - ..... ,...... 1~'t-~~Ei~::w~~i~~= ~ ~ ~ 

" 3(' L-________________________________ ~~ 

Guardian office at the ti me of my 
showdown with the world of bounty 
hunters. He expressed that he was 
appalled that such a thing could happen. 

Republican field Coordinator Filbert 
Bourbon was nor available when I called , 
but his assistant Identlficd my a sailant 
as a "bounty hunter." He assumed I was a 
loyal Repubhcan and tried to console me 
by assuring me that even though I could 
not cast my vote to re-elect President 
Reagan, the party would provide the 
victory. He then accused the other major 
parry of extenSively hiring bounty 
hunters to register voters for a reward of 
$1 per head. The bounty hunters are 
paid only for registering members of the 
party that hired them, and since they are 
themselves registered with the County 
Registrar of Voters, they do not attempt 
to work for both parties. Then he 
pointed out the irony that If 1 had 
checked the box on my IRS tax fonns to 

donate 1 to the national election 
campaign fund , 1 may have been funding 
a bounty hunter to th row my right InIO a 
tmsh barrel 

The Democratic field coordinator , Hal 
Horne, confirmed the Republican 
description of bounty hunters and also 
explained how they Came to be. 

In 1976 the Registmr changed its 
policy of requiring a voter registration 
volunteer to be a legal deputy of the 
Registrar'S Office. As a result , anyone 
could obtain registration forms . These 
people were legally obligated to t he State 
of California, but any intentional altering 
of a form was punishable by only a 
misdemeanor. Then, in 1981 , then-
Attorney General George Deukmejian 
interpreted a loophole .in the law by 
determining that these volunteers were 
not employees of the State of California. 
He reasoned that if they were either 
volunteers or paid political parry 

workers , they were not obligatcd to 
register a person This meant that if a 
person was sitting behind a Registrar of 
Voters banner, he was obligated to gi ve 
you an apphcallon but could refuse to 
accept the completed application. Horne 
said that even though both parties 
instruct thelT workers on the law, some 
bounty hunters Interpret that they can 
take thc completed form and then not 
turn it in 10 the Registrar of Voters. 

"Most people haven't the faintest Idea 
of the changes in voter registration," said 
Horne. "We had a case of an eyewitness 
reporting a bouncy hunter throwing away 
completed forms in the trash . But like 
many people who witness a crime, the 
witness didn't want to get involved." 

Horne estimated that roughly one 
percent of the voti ng population have 
been Victims of bounty hunters. That is 
some 7,000-15,000 San Diego County 
residents, and perhaps 12-1S million 
citizens nationwide! 

This is a major issue when you 
consider the close margin of victory in 
many local, state and national electi ons. 

To check the accusations and 
information provided by both the 
Democratic and Republican registration 
headquarters , I called the Registrar again , 
thiS time identifymg myself as a member 
of the press. Officer Linda Bunch 
confinned the claims . 

Bunch pointed out that. had 1 
requested that the bounty hunter fill out 
the tear-off form at the bottom of the 
registration form, I might have some legal 
recourse . But she then agreed that it \ as 
rare [or a voter to do thi s because most 
people assume it is only necessary to 
retain the tear-off portion for their 
records. 

"The Republican , Democratic and even 
Llberrarian parties have used bouncy 
hunters," said Bunch. "We have a lot of 
complaints about these vol unteers. but 
usually about dl crepancies in the 
forms " Bunch cxplamed that many 
people registered for one political party 
and then received voter information 
from another part)'. When this happens, 
the voter calls the Registrar to request 
that the proper form be sent 

Both the Democratic and Republican 
headquarters claim this is due to the 
bounty hunters changing the forms to 
produce a higher yield. Bunch said , "The 
Democrats pay $ 1 per person registered , 
and the Republicans have used the 
services of the Kimball Company, which 
pays $1-$ 1.50. 

"Anytime yo u offer money for voter 
registration, an element is introduced 
that shouldn't be a part of our political 
system," Bunch continued. "Some people 
will only see registr.ltion as just a way to 
make money." 

A frightening quesllon is this: If the 
bounty hunters turned In all completed 
applications to thei r p:my headquaner~. 
who in the campaign orgam::ation 
trashed the forms of the opposing party? 

The fact ihm the bounty hunter who 
tra hed my regl stra!lon form did not 
rece ive hiS reward docs not console me. 
His $ 1 loss does not balance the taxation 
without representation I Will be subjected 
to during the next [our years 

But once enough people recognize 
that bounty hunters and thc law thm 
supports them threaten a basic right of 
each citizen in this country, the hunters 
may become the hunted . 

* * * Already. twO of my fellow Guardian 
workers have said that registration forms 
they completed at one of the rabies on 
our ca mpus were not received at the 
Registrar of Voters. They too will not be 
allowcd to vote Tuesday. If you fed you 
have been a target of a bounty hunter, 
the Guardian requests that you drop us a 
letter describing your situation. ICl 

• 

t 
• 



Literature Department 
The Literature Department at TCHB 110 offers a wide 

variety of services including the processing of all student 
forms, add/ drop cards, and advising on majors and minors. 

Undergraduate Office: TCHB 110 • Graduate Office: TCHB 103 

flENER-AL 
Ut/Gen 119 
Classical Mythology 
lec A MWF 3 :00-3:50 PH 10 .. cc7388 
Instructor: Page duBois 

Readings in ClaSSical Mythology including myths of heroes , of matriarchy and of the 
democratic cuy with attention [0 structuralist , Marxist, feminist , semiotic, and pOSt-
structuralist theories of mythology and [0 the Roman rewriting of Greek mythology. 

Lit/Gen 127 
Prose Fiction: Demons, VampirtS and Other Horrors In Nineteenth Century Fiction 
lec A TIh 11 :30-12:50 BB2135 ee6323 
Instructor: Abraham Dijkstra 

Many of the creatures of fear which populate contemporary culture were given their 
current form in the nineteenth century, by European novelists who invented symbolic 
monsters to give shape to their worries about a rapidl}' changing world . We shall read 
some of the most interesting of these early works, and analyze them in terms of the 
political, social, and personal concems which inspired the creation of such shadows 
of terror. 

Lit!Gen 15 .. 
Women and Liluatun: Freud and Ftminism 
lee A TIh 1:00-2:20 USB .. 050A cc6332 
Instructor: Suzanne Gelman 

For some time feminists have been engaged in a biner polemic with Freud and 
psychoanalys is on the question of female sexuality. In recent years, however, a 
different attitude has emerged, Freud has come to be seen by many as having made 
positive contribution to the understanding of many feminist concerns, if not in his 
specific pronouncements on women, then in the broader implications of his work. 
His theoty of the unconscious, his analysis of dreams, and his case studies have been 
seen as critical starting-points in analyzmg the problem of femininity. These new 
attitudes have gone hand in hand with an increasing sense of the complexity and 
density of Freud's texts, which have come to be seen as embodying the same kinds of 
ambiguity as important works of literature . It is with this double perspective that we 
will read several of Freud's works including his Interpretalion of Dreams, Civilization and 
lIS Discontenls, and selected case studies, as well as the work of two of his important 
feminist interpreters . . 

as seductress, enchantress, mother and 
Orlando Furioso and Paradise LOSI, we will analyze 
""'(,""il'l~ tlla.ce"emnin the male heroic world ofliter:ature and also to a certain extent 

the historical periods in which the epics were composed . 

We will read. The Aneul, The Odyssey, Orlando Furioso, and ParGdise Lost. 

lit/ Gen 159 
Popular Literature 
lNctective Ficdon: The Novels of Dashiell Hammett 
lec A W 7:00-9:50 HSS 1330 ce6333 
I,nstructor: Sinda Gregory 

Although DashIell Hammett wrote only five novels, he is genaaly c:onsideRd 
t\menca's foremost wnter of hard·boiled detective fiction . Mor i.,dlat. r. 
he was a creator of a distinct bodyofficlion that is unique lIs~PIl~t: , 
and its VIVId and smgularvision . Hammett 'S novels , are 
infuse the action on the page with such intensity 
nd points not only to the outer world , but IOwa 

tonsciousness that created it. He worked 

Winter Quarter Course 

Lit/Gen 16-+ 
Sdence Fiction and Fantail' IM..bo1uiiOfl of M~ AlIICrican Sdence Fktion 
lec A Tfh 2:30-3:50 AP 2..01 tf633i 
Instructor: Kim Robinson -= 

I 

We will read: Wells , Time MachinelW~ cllhe Worlds. Zamia!in, WE, BeSler, The Stars 
My Destination, Van Vogt, Sl.AN;DiCK, The Man 1 thi H~h Castle, Delany, Babel-17, 
Russ, The Adventures of Alyx'I,l.e~uI? , The Left Hand oJ G ,Wolfe, The Fifth Horse of 
Cerberus, Calvino , The Invi~ - I l 

engJ - rican 
lit/En 1200 r;;;;;; 
WiIlUIm BIaJrt's Poetry an" 
lee A MWF 3:00-3:50 U·~.~~~=~~i( 
Instructor: Fred Randel 1 
William Blake's poetry will'~~~;~~~~~~contexts: the self-created 
context of Blake's illustratiOl tematic way of thinking, on 
the other; the literary belled against, and yet 
incorporated, the influenc r human comext of the 
debates about politics an ench Revolution 

Lit/En 144 
Ninttttnth Century Enllis 
Lee A MWF 11:00-11:50 ~~~ 
Instnactor: Ronald Berman ~:::;::::::::;:~ 

ut/En 158 ,:~~l~1-Modem American LiIma 
Lee A TIh 1:00-2:20 P 
Instructor: Jack Behar 

We'n be reading in the e a Literature a good piece of 
Frost, Williams, Eliot, ·~a=~~fffiriiffilrn~~:.mh~ulkner, Fitzgerald, and 
HeminRWaY. The special - m (if special character it 
had) as well as the distin i / political gestureS- f the writers will be explored. 
Papers, quizzes, exam ina . --=:l.. 

LitiEn 159 
Contemporary American 
American Prost From 19+.!~1M. 
Lee A MWF 12:00-12:50 
Instructor: Gee'le Hanso 

A survey of American prose (mos tly ficlion) written between 1945 and the present. We 
will read: The Naked arid the Dead (Mailer), The Catcherin the Rye (Salinger), The Natural 
(Malamud), Rabbit Run (Updike), The Sot-Weed Factor (Barth), Cal 's Cradle 
(Vonnegu t), Dehverance (Dickey), The Mosquito Coa.st (Theroux), and The Purple 
Decades (Wolfe). Also required: a short paper, a medium sized paper, a midterm, and a 
final exam 

UtIWri 106 
Transladon of Literary Tats: French to Enlllsh 
Sem A Tfh 1:00-2:20 TEH 702 ccMSO 
Instnaetor: Patricia Teny 

A workshop in the techniques ofliteraty translation. The texts will represent different 
types of prose from the plain narrative style of Camus to the prose poems of Michaux. 
There will be some study of published translations, but students will translate a short 
passage each week. A good reading knowledge of French is required , Conducted in 
English. 

Available at TCHD 110. 

Monday, Nov. 5. 1984 19 

'OK, team, go out there and vote, vote, vote!' 
By PHIL LAUDER 

Tomorrow is Election Day, 
OK, most of you knew that already. 

Most of you. Of those who do, some even 
care, Of those, who care , some care 
enough to register. Some of those care 
enough to even VOle. And some of those 
care enough to know enough about every 
issue on the ballot to make an inlelligent 
decision. 

I fall into every category except the 
last. 

The right to vote is kind of like choco-
late ice cream: You don't really 
appreciate it until you don't have it. And 
then you get ticked off. 

the County of San Diego, or the ever-
popular water bonds (has there ever 
been an election without a proposed 
water bond on the ballot?). Usually, these 
local issues range from letters A to EE 
(kind of like shoe sizes), but , mercifully, 
there are only four of them on the ballot 
this lime. 

Of course, sorting through the Ballot 
Pamphlet's text on propositions is still 
nowhere near as difficult as sorting 
through the campaign rhetoric on them. 
Proposition 39 was my favorite issue of 
this campaign. It seemed to me that the 
campaigns on both sides were saying 
exactly the same thing: "Vote __ (fill in 

places- no issue to really bring OUt the 
obnoxious industry ogres and make 
them spend hundreds of millions to 
repeat some asinine slogan. One of my 
favorites was, "It JUSt doesn't make 
sense ." That was a slogan of the Citizens 
Against the Boule Bill (read: 
multimillionaire supermarket moguls) a 
few years back. There was no support for 
the claim , "It JUSt doesn't make sense." 
The slogan was JUSt thrown at us from 
every which angle but loose (recall how it 
was plastered on our shopping bags, for 
example) as campaign organizers 
employed the theory that if you throw 
enough stuff against the walls, some of 

Once in a while one of these races has a 
little spice involved- like the Susan 
Golding-Lynn Schenk race for the Third 
Distric t seat on the Board of 
Supervisors-where the candi -
dates hurl spit wads at each other and 
call each other ignorant sluts. 1 like those . 

Finally you get down to r:aces for 
school board or, worse, judicial 
positions. Lord, who are these people? 
Where did they come from? Who exactly 
is William D. Mudd? What has he done 
with his life? Is he prejudiced against 
certain races? Does he hate people with 
long hair? How do we know? How are 

I like voting. And I like to be informed 
when I vote. But I have to admit that I've 
never been patient enough to son 
through the entire text of the "California 
Ballor Pamphlet ," the non-Reader's Digest 
version of War and Pea.ce that they print 
out so we'll have some clue of what the 
hell is going on come November 6. The 
thing is just too damn long. and is often 
just as confusing. 

Usually, I'm forced to go on the basis of 
endorsements in these obscure races. (UGh, she's 
endorsed by him, huh? He's a blatant fool-l hate 
his guts. She's out. ") 

we supposed to find out? And Mary A. 
Franklin? We know she's an attorney. 
That's nice. Does she know what the hell 
she's domg? What's the deal here? 

Usually I'm forced to go on the basis of 
endorsements in these obscure races . 
("Oh, she's endorsed by him, huh? He's a 
blatanl fool-l hate his guts. She's out.") 
If there aren't any endorsements listed, 
I'll vote for the rookie. "The incumbent's 
probably screwed things up for long 
enough," I figure , and I just hope the 
c hallenger isn 't a Nazi. 

At least I can usually sort through the 
important propositions- like Props. 36 
or 39 this time-but man, when it comes 
to the Veterans Bond Act and the Senior 
Citizen Bond Act or half the other bond 
acts ... yes, I know they're importanl and 
they deal with hundreds of millions of 
bucks, but I just can't get into them , that's 
all. 

And those are the statewide issues. 
What about local propositions, dealing 
with such poignant social issues as 
amending lhree words in the Charter of 

the blank) on 39 to avoid corruption in 
politics"-something like that. Come on, 
someone's got to be deceiving someone 
somewhere! Either that or the 
proposition has no effect at all and 
should have been left off the ballot in the 
first place. 

But this campaign lacked the emotion 
of former election years. There was no 
sit-down, drag-out issue of campaigns 
past- no bottle bill, no nuclear freeze 
issue', no bill againn smoking in public 

FOR 
If you must But pI~ ... bdore you start, do lIS the pros do and acquire 
AU. the tools you need to do the Job right Strong co,," and whatever 
else you use may not be enough. 

Do we recommend aammlng? Certainly not But forthosc of you who 
are going to aam lJIIYWlIY (We know there are some of you out there), 
the MMIfOFF MINDRY 1MI''' Is simply "the greatest aammlng 
tool eIef Invented." 

Stili skeptical? We knew you would be. 

So why not break ftNay from the books and spend Just one hour of 
your valuable time and watch us .. put up onllut up. You'll enjoy It And 
In just 10 short minutes, we'll have you memorizing a list you'" never 
forget, In one third the time, 

UCSD FE SEMINAR SCHEDLU 
W~, Mo¥ambcr 7, 1914 • Room TH 103 • 2:00 pm 
Thurldly, November I, 1914 • Room HL 1402 • 4:00 pm 

Sponsored by Zeta Beta Tau - All Invited to attend, 

PI •• llred "y"""'" II/Mmoty Innltut.. Davtd _rIIoff will be leHlng 
each ...... C.II 27~. for _. InfornIMlon or to order c-ne 
...... 

it's bound to stick. Some of it stuck, aU 
right , and the issue was killed. God I love 
advertising. 

But enough gripes about the issues. 
Let's talk about the candidates (a subject 
which usually has nothing at all to do 
with issues). 

It is relatively easy to son through the 
biggies-Pres and VP, Senators, Congress-
men , Mayor, etc . Bur then you gel down 
to deciding on Assemblymembers and 
State Senators and City Councilmen. 

It's a tough job, this voting business, 
but someone's gOl to do it. Yes, you've all 
been told that "your one vote counts." 
Deep down, we all know that's bull. It 
is-we know it. But if we all admitted it 
openly, pretty soon only about half of us 
would be voting at all. 

Or is that what's happening now? 
Oh, what the hell-go out and vote 

already. 

VCSD Chamber Music Series 
Tenth Anniversary Season 

MELDS QUARTET, STUITGART 
The Melos Quarret, Stungarr was founded in October 1965. Two 
years later, the four members took an anistic and financial risk, 
and gave up their positions with well-known German chamber 

orchestras, and devoted themselves full-time to the QuarreL 
The Melos will perform: 

Mendelssohn-Barrholdy's Qua/tel in F minor, Opus 80 
Hindemith's Quartet No.2, Opus 16 

Beethoven's Qua/1el in F Major, Opus 135 

November 15, Thursday, 8:00 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 

G.A. $13.00, UCSD St. $5,50 
1lCK£TNJN ' @T£L£TRDN • 

& UCSD Box Office: 452-4559 
~iiiiipre ented by UCSD University Events Office 



, -

20 Monday. NO\ . 5. J984 

1st Transcontinental Reading 

against Empire 
11 am-Ilowl (G insberg), 
M,lITlage or Heaven and Hell 
(Bi.1kc ). Din Poem (Lew Weich); 
liD , selections; Diane di Prima. 
"electlono; 

San Diego: 
DavId Antin Paul Dresman 
Richard Asde Austin Gallaher 
Ted Burke Tom Marshall 

,---",C""hr",is,-,Ca""....,no"-"le"---,-,A""ni,,,,ca Le..-,.y_ 

Doug RothschIld 
Brad Westbrook 
Shelley White 
Jack SpIcer 

Albany: 
Michael Bitt:! 
Don Byrd 
Chuck 5t In 

Santa Cru%: 
Jackson Mac Low Sharon Helsel 
Jack Spicer Jack Spicer 

, I 

12 noon- ,corge Oppen. 
sdcl'Uons; Miscellaneous musIC 
and poelry; DaVid Am in . 
"Where is the Empire. Whm 
Does it Necessitate?" 

Perform:----------------------------------------~--~~ 
Howl • I Sing the Body Electric • The Din Poems 

Visions of Cody • The Marriage of Heaven and Hell 

1 pm-[ Sing the Body Electric 
(Whitman); The Drunken Boat 
(Rimbaud); Spleen ( Baudlai ne); 
Visions of Cody (Kerouac); 
Sacco & Vanzetti At the 
Ballgame (William Carlos 
Williams); Epitaph for the 
Mercenary Dead (Housman); 
Another Epitaph ... 
(MacDiarmid); Death of the Ball 

The Drunken Boat • The Multiversity • The Slab 
L..-______ --=P:....::.svchoanalVsis: An Elegv _______ --' 
From 11:00 to :00 TUES NOV 6. South of Muir Bio Building 

• •• West of Mandeville Center 

ELECTRICAL ENGINEERS AND COMPUTER SCIENTISTS 

The next move is yours. 

MAKE YOUR MOVE 
WITH A CAREER AT LINKABIT. 

Due to continuing expansion of our govenunent of a career at LINKABIT. provides an unbeatable 
and commercial projects and the anticipation of new opportunity to fulfill your goals. Opportunities are 
ones, we are inviting tale nted people interested in also available in the Washington. D. C. area and 
communications systems, digital hardware or Boston. 
software engineering to consider a career with Please contact your CoUege Placement Office to 
LlNKABIT. arrange an on-campus interview and find out how you 

To help stay one move ahead. we've made sure can make your move with LlNKABIT. If you are 
that all career paths are flexible. For instance. our unable to meet with our re presentatives. please 
engineers are assigned to projects depending on their forward your resume with college transcripts to: 
inte rests and abilities. As one assignment is Dennis Vincent. MIA-COM LlNKABIT. 3033 
completed. new opportunities are made available in Science Park Road, San Diego, CA 92121. 
a variety of areas. 

The crea tive , free-thinking atmosphere at ~-- --
-:'7'='= 

LlNKABIT promote excellence and is a reflection of ~ - ~-.=~~ 
our physical environment. San Diego. America'~ 
Finest City in location. climate, cultural and ~M/A.COM LlNKAIIT, INC. recreational facilities. offers you and your family an 
unsurpass d lifestyle. This invigorating setting, Equal Opportunity 
combined with the challenge. satisfaction , and reward Aff irmative Ac tion Employer 

COMPANY PRESENTATION 
Monday, Nove mber] 2- 12:00-1:00 pm 
Stude nt Ce nte r, North Conference Room 

Light lunc h will be served 
ON-CAMPUS INTERVIEWS 

Tue sday, November 13 

Turret Gunner Uarrell ); Shine, 
Perishing RepublIc Oerrers); 

eruda. selections. Ilowi. The 
Rooster (OrlovltZ). MarrIage 
( orsll ). 

2 pm-fresh Air (Koch). Rage 
for Poetry (Saunders); Miscella-
neous music and anomalies; 
The Multiversi ty (Duncan); 
Psychoanalysis: An Elegy 
(Sp icer); Whale n. selections; 
SlIab (Dom); Shoshonians 
(Dorn); Dorn . selections. 

3 pm-Snyd er . se lec ti ons; 
Rexroth , selections; Paul 
Dresman, selections; The 
Kingfishers (Olson); Dog Vision 
(Black Elk); Ghost Dance Songs; 
This Book is fOI Ma,gqa ~e!ch2. 

Monday. Nov. 5. J98,. 21 
""'" .. .. .. . <...... .:«~ . . ,..x;:;.....~.... ".. . "'l-: ," .. " ::;, =«-', -' .;.;.:" .. ;o" ... ~ ,~""' .. ~ ~ .. 

STUDENTS· AGAINST REAGANISM 

We, the undersigned students, faculty and staff of UC San Diego, deplore 
Reagan's policies, which include: (1) perpetuating the Nuclear Arms Race; 
(2) Star Wars Defense; (3) An inability and/or unwillingness to negotiate 
with the Soviet Union on arms control; (4) right-wing Supreme Court 
appointees; (5) intervention in Third World countries; (6) world-wide 
military expansion; (7) covert CIA activities in Central America; (8) ignoring 
the trillion-dollar national debt; (9) advocating prayer in schools; (0) 
cutbacks on student loans; (11) cutbacks on affirmative action and civil 

"-

rights programs; (12)not supporting the ERA; (13) not supporting labor; (14) 
cutbacks on environmental protection regulations; and (IS) undermining 
ba l' mes. We' pledge to reverse .the general rightward drift ill'our; 
polity, known" ~' Reagani!m, a movement which undennlrks traditional 
American concerns such as respect for the constitution, peace and equity. 

Diant Abrams Vincent De Baca Man Hartmann Marla london Krimn Ann Schulz 
E1iubeth Adams L,.,o Dejohn Steve Haskins Heidi lothul M. ~eoof 
William Adams Kevin Dear Sandra Hayward Diana Marcus Hilary Sharp 
Diana Allen Nathan Delsan Marilyn Hedges L,.,t McAulty Katherine Sheena 
Dan Alvarez Dorothy Dent Debl Hem An~1a McCoy Herbtn Shon: 
Kdly Ambltr T aIIcy Dezcmber Bill Hess Melissa Mtdvin Julit Sisskind 
Kan:n Anspachtr Alex DiMeo Hannelore Htvesy laurie Melvin Elizabeth Slzat 
Robyn Aldies Manin Diskin Jose Hipolito Adina Mtrelin<kr David SmUey 
Barl!ara Arnold Maurun Dolan Max Hofftn Karen Mtsser Dena Smith 
larry Asemka Mark Drlbkin Nona HoIpdo David Michaelson Paul Smolensky 
Marsy Ashby Thomas Dublin forresIj. ~ Monica Mitchell Eugene Son:nson 
Usa Askins Tyler Dylan Mary Hooglt.tp Taiji Miyapwa Ruth E. Soulstay 
Danielk Banon ROOtrt Eddnwt MicheDe Hopkins Bianca MoUnari Tim Spann 
Pat BIoolll5tein S!acy Edelman Glenn Hotwitz Christopher Monnin Mark Stanifonh 
Karen Bock Ann Elwood Roben Horwitz Rick Monson Christe Stapp 
Ray Boddy Dan Epperly Alden Hough Michael Monteon janel Swton 
Jtannine Boperd Petrr !ridcson Sccplwl Howard Ddesie Morrison Brin Studt 
Marie 80zzctti Stnen Erie Eric Hunphrisa Neal Morrison EthelSweed 
Kim Brady Ghalth Esshaki Pillricia Hunt Bonnie Moss-Pmnpil Kevin Sweet julit IInms Bobbi Evuett Brenda lvey Carolyn Most Gim Tart 
Amy BresIaw Monlcamary Falcon Richard jailM Tamar Murachuer HoDy Tavris joe limine< Shoshanah Feher Karen james Seeha Ndson janel Taylor 
Susan IINNdon Davit Fehrmxn Stan james ~rrrNewman AndruTege 
Calvin Bumcs Wry F* Do\ores janirwslrl Tom Nove! Audrey Terras 
Barry Carr Liane Flohr janjarrdl joel Nowak Krislrn Thombough 
David J. Carven VirJinia mnco Gail Johnson john OdIl1l Krisrrn Thomess 
Usent Cauchon Anne-Use mncols Shirly johnson Eileen Ods Tim Treanor 
ThmK Cauchon jos'" Frank Thomas johnson Eileen PariK John T rompIer 
Joe Caviello Jll1Ies D. Fraser Maickd\ Jones Chris ParUnson Clay Truax 
Chrlstopbtr ~derwaU Cora Frial Sandy Kahn juliette Parson Chia-Huti Tu 
Srrphen Chan Vallerie FuDbubhl Andrew Kahng Rashecda Pasha David TUJTeIltine 
John Chanrrngro Corinne Gallard Steve Kamm MaIJDI Pepper Karen UlrIch 
Jessica Chappell ~dlia Garcia Mtrideth Keent Adrienne PIIor VInka Valdul'l 
Dominique Chausse Kilt Gardner Raben Kmnedy Mark P1nicus KamlVanHook 
Steve Clmtms Jeff Gershon JR. Kid Dllvid Printz Steven Verschoor 
Ktvin Clifford NadiM Golden Jacqueline Klmben Richard Puebis Lew Waldran 
Ken Gulf Sylvia GoIlO5 Ben Kinman Edwanl ~iBy Mary Warner 
AndtN' Cockburn Rachel Griffm SaJio Klier Mark Reuter ~nny Waterstone 
Usa Conrad Gerald Gunther Gary Kostalnick SamOl' RIchmond jeannie Wayne 
John Cosnowski Moises Gutierrez Waw> Krei<kr Barry RIgby Kristin Webb 
Mike Coste Jan Gutman Luke LaRoya Anita Riordan Jim WeddeD 
Matt Cronin WzIo Gyoncy Maurina ladich Sue Rockman \IaJbara Weiss 
Ht idi Crawly Sttphen Haber M.I . ~i Mark Rosin Kimberly Welch 
Luis Cueva Sttven Hahn David Levin Mp Salas Usa Welti 
Kathy cunen Chris HaD Beth l£vinson J Salmassi Peter Wildhorn 
Tracy Cummings Julit Hallbach MarcUbens )esse Sandoval Karen Wimhursc 
James H. Curry Dan HaDin Stacy Ument joyan Saunden Jot Wolf 
John DanWl!U David Hamu Jennit Loey Tom Scanlon lorena Wolfe 
Hannah Davidson Charmaine Hanvey )ennl L.oga F.H. Schroe<kr Chloe Wurr 

The Members of Students Against Reaganism (STAR) urge a vote 
for MONDALE/FERRARO as a first step ..... 

----GET OUT THE VOTE RALLY TODAY at 12 noon on the gym steps-----

--, 



Monday, No\' 5, 198'1 

Soccer says hello to playoffs 

IN THERE! 
By ALICIA AGOS 

H ALLOWEE , although tradItion-ally a tlme for the unexpected, proved [0 be uneventful for the 
UCSD men's soccer team. The 
completely one-Sided game between the 
Tritons and Pomona-Pitzer was watched 
only by a small crowd. Although chilled 
by the autumn wmds that swept Warren 
Field, UCSD won nicely 3-0 and is now, 
according to Coach Derek Armstrong, 
"bUilding up for the CAA playoffs next 
weekend." 

The Tritons' play agamst Pomona-
Pitzer, although steady enough to 
dommate and wm the game , was, by 
Armstrong's standards, -a bit of a 
letdown from the game With Colorado 
College. It was bound to be, though. We 
built ourselves Up so much for the 
Colorado game, and now we have 
playoffs on our mmd ." 

Mary Armstrong, the coach's wife and 
herself a soccer loyahst, observed , "The 
bener teams (like Colorado) are the 
ones we get fired up for. It's against the 
lesser teams that we play a t a lower 
level. Against the better teams we JUSt 
play better." 

Although the Pomona-Pitzer game 
didn't produce the same level of playas 
d id the game with Colorado College, the 
players of UCSD did have some 
opportunities to show off their talent. 
Spurted on by Armstrong's loud words 

of encouragement, the Tritons showed 
off some steady offense as weU as 
defense. As always, Greg Schwarz was 
on his aggresive game. The offense was 
also strengthened by the talent of Scott 
Strom mer, who was credited with one of 
the three goals. 

CO-Captain Barry Thompson played a 
key defensive role, as did Gary Dodge 
and Warren Hollinger. 

Right now all thoughts appear to be 
on the playoffs. Armstrong stressed the 
Importance of both hosting the playoffs 
here at UCSD and of fan suppOrt if tbe 
games, one of them at least , are held at 
Warren Field. "Right now we are waiting 
for the official invitation from the 

eM. We are one of the candidates for 
hosting a game. By Monday (today) we 
,viII be in full flight getting ready for the 
playoffs: Armstrong said. 

NCAA says UCSD 
can't host playoffs 

The NCAA Div. II I Pl;lyoff Selectio n 
Committee last night selected Clare- L. _______________________________ ....., 
mont College as the site of the 1984 both Claremont and Colorado College, past two seasons. it's just unbelievable. 
West Coast Regional soccer playoffs, two of the four teams in the playoffs, It smells, to be honest~ " 
which begin Friday. It is the second figured to be the host team. Both the Clare~onr cO;lch and the 
year in a row that Claremont will host "It's ;lbsolutely disgusting," cri ed Colorado College coach were on this 
the Regionals. coach Derek Armstrong. "I JUSt c;ln't year's selec tion committee. Armstrong 

UCSD, with victories this year ove r believe it. Afterwhar we've proven these was not. 

Get a grip, Denny 
Water polo says goodbye to Div. I NCAA playoffs 
By JEFF SAVAGE. Sports Editor 

I F THE CHARGERS had to play the Raiders in Los Angeles or the Dolphins in Miami without Dan 
Fouts, they wouldn't stand a ghost of a 
chance of winning, Fouts is the leader, 
the core, the guts of the Chargers, if you 
wilL Without his arm they become very 
handicapped. 

The same can be said of Bill 
Kazmierowicz of the UCSD water polo 
team. Facing a national power on the 
road without the services of the 
almighty Triton leader? WeD, UCSD 
would be better off snorkling at the La 
Jolla Cove. 

Such was the situation Thursday night 
in Malibu as the 14th-ranked Tritons 
faced the number-one-ranked 
Pepperdine Waves. 

During warm-ups, Bill's back was 
greeted with humungous back spasms, 
and he was carted off to the locker 
room. Whtle his teammates tried to 
survive in the pool, Kazmierowicz spent 
the ent ire game with the Pepperdine 
tramers. It was no pa rt y. 

"It got so bad at one point that he 
could hardly breathe ," said Triton coach 
Denny Harper. ·When Bill was being 
carted off, you could just see the 
deJection on the faces of the re t of lhe 

players." 
Without their sprinter and big-time 

defensernan, the Tritons figured to get 
tsunamied . 

Tsunamied they weren't. 
In water polo, 14-9 is a close score. 

The Waves won 14-9. Close . 
And get this: UCSD could have won. 

Yeah, sure. That's what they all write . 
Right? WeD, they could have. Honest. 

The Tritons took more shots than 
George Gervin does in a basketball 
game. In two basketbaD games. UCSD 
threw the ball at the Pepperdine goal )3 
times. Only nine went through . In the 
four seasons that he has coached the 
blue and gold, Harper can't recall his 
learn ever lOSing a game when it has 
taken more than )0 shots. Until now. 

Tom Moore led the UCSD offense 
with three goals and Phil Penis and 
Dana Greisen contributed two apiece, 
Duncan Millar had a rough time with 
the sun in the second and fourth 
quarters but made II saves in goal. 

The Tritons did have (I fun time 
during their man-up si tuations (when 
they have an extra player in the pool as 

) CONTINUED 0 

UCSD goes 'Kaz-Iess' 
CCONTINUED FROM PAGE 22 "{ 
'il result of a penalty against the 
opponent). They connected on six of 
nine shot attempts, thus improving in a 
cate&ory in which the team has not 
d weD aD season . 

So the team got close. Unfortunately, 
there is no column for "close" in the 
record books. It goes as, sigh , a loss, 
one of several this season against top. 
ten Division I teams. Competing without 
benefit of scholarships-used by 
Division I teams £0 anract the best 
talent-and expecting any beaer would 
be cruel. 

C hamptonship Tournament. Eight reams 
make ir into this tournament, and the 
losses against the number-one Waves 
and the top-ten UCSB Gauchos-
regardless of how close they were, and 
they were-probably solidify a non-bid 
for the 14th-ranked Tritons. 

Monday. Nov, 5, 198'1 23 

The loss to Pepperdine, coupled with 
the 10-9 heanbreak against UC Santa 
Barbara a week ago, marks the third 
consecutive year in which the Tritons 
have come close-but not quite close 
enough-to making the "big time," the 
NCAA Division I National 

So the team has redirected its goal for 
1984. That goal is to win the Westem 
Regional Tournament in Stanford in two 
weeks, UCSD has enjoyed tremendous 
success in this toumamem over the paS! 
two seasons, coming in second In 1982 
before winning it aD last year to become 
the "unofficial" Division n and III 
National Champions-unolTicial only 
because the NCAA does not recognize 
the tournament winner as the 
champion. Just as the WBC does not 
recognize Lany Holmes as the 
heavyweight boxing champion. WeD, he 
is, and they were. 50 take that. Ii:J 

Kristin Kilbourn (left) bumps as Lori lunhow and a large Fnday night crowd looh on en 
mute to a thnlhng, five-game , 3 !-i- hour match that saw UCSD come from 14-3 dow,l in the 
fourth game to pull out the victory. See the Weekly Calendar (pages 12-1 J) for scenes of the 
game, and ee next issue for further details. 

If you're looking forward to 
adrclnced research and develop-
ment projects that stretch the 
imagination, Lockheed is looking 
forward to meeting you. 

Lockheed-California Company 
will host an informal discussion 
covering career opportunities, 
company products (including the 
record-breaking SR-71 Blackbird), 
aem, pace em ployment outlook, 

and answers to your personal 
questions. 

All students are invited to meet 
company representatives on Novem-
ber 15. Personal interviews will be 
held on November 16. 

Sign up at your campus place-

ment office. And make plans to 
graduate into a universe of career 
opportunity when you build your 
future with Lockheed. Lockheed 
is an equal opportunit); affirma-
tive action employer, U.S. citizen-
ship required , 

..ul.ockheed-callfomla Company 
Leadership in Technology 



.. -

Classified ildwrtlslng space Is sold In 
1 OO-character Increments. Each 
letter, p&M1CtIatfon mark and space 
between words Is considered a 
character, with capital letters 
counttng as two charaaen. The rate 
Is $1 per '00 charaClen for students 
and S3 per 100 charaaen for non-
students. You must come by the office 
or mall In your ad, as we require 
pa)4lMnt In advance of publication. 
DNdllnes are 5 pm 1'UesdIIy for 
Thursdays paper, 5 pm Friday for 
Monday' s paper. For more 
Inforrutlon call 452-3466. The 
Guardian, UCSD, 8-016, La Jolla, CA 
92093. 

Insurance Warl We'll beat any price or 
we don't want your business. Tickets, 
acci dents. sports cars. g ood 
driver/student discounts: all welcome. 
call 286-1135. Request UCSD Plan. 
(11/291 
Violin7 Viola7 Prep for "32" or j ust for 
fun. Group rates. sliding scale. Helen 
Martin, 457-0671. (11/261 
Reliable \XIheels car rental from S5. lDw 
mileage rates available. Free delivery. 
45~936. (11/291 
Travel. get great work experience, & 
have a terrific time in Washington D.C . 
Sacramento. New York. or many other 
places I ASIO presents National 
Internship Info Nlte. Thursday, 11/8. 7 
pm at HL1116. (11/81 
Attn all 3rd students III Interested in 
studying abroad? Come to info session 
in Mtn. View lDunge Wed. Nov. 7, 7-9 
pm'" (11/51 
Warren College Commuters-Are you 
having trouble picking classes for next 
quarter7 Academic advising for you 
Tues. 11/6 at 5 pm at Warren Provost 
Office. 8ring new schedule of classes'" 
(11/51 
campus planners are designing next 
century's traffic plan nowl Fill out a 
traffic su~ and help them do it right 
Forms available at EDNA. MOM, and all 
resid~t d~ans. (11/51 
Want to sell your old ski clo~ or 
equipment7 Need to buy some ski 
clothes or equipment7 Come to the Ski 
Swap Meet Nov. 16. Revelle Plaza.-
UCSD Ski Radng Team. (11/81 
Attention Revelle College Students I 
Come to an Informative meeting that 
will help you with winter registration 
and will review Revelle's general 
education requirements. Revelle 
Registration and Requirements session 
will be held Thursday, Nov. 8 from 11-12 
noon at USB 4050A. Monday, Nov. 12 
from 9-10 am at HL "'6. (11/51 
EMSSAI EMSSAI EMSSAI General 
meeting Thurs. Nov. 8 at 6 pm. North 
Conf. Room. Help plan our next eventl 
(11/81 
Parking Problems 7 Come meet with a 
rep. from the Parking Office Wed. Nov. 7 
12 noon. Commuter Lounge. (II/51 
Auditions for the Revelle play are Sat. 
Nov. 10 at lOam In \Xt11yNot Here? (II/51 
Does hVing In Europe. Asia. A n em 
exdtmg7 Come to Info session t ThIrd 
Mtn. View Lounge Wed, Nov 7. 7-9p 
Rnd out what's really aVc!1/a I 1'1/51 

rMa Pur UI Chall 

coming soon. form team now. Sign up in 
dean's office. (11/51 
Winl A t icket for the A ll-Call trip to Vail 
or (41 S25 gift cert. or (41 tune-ups to 
Pat's Ski Shop. at the UCSD Ski Radng 
Team Raffle. To be held I pm Nov. 16 
Revelle Plaza. Tickets S2 each/3 for S5. 
(11/81 

iliII 18~1!! I 
NAD 1020 A. Series 2. preamplifier. a 
great preamp, used only once. new 
SI 98. now S125. Call 455-9851, Thilo. 
(11/51 
12-speed. 22" Motobecane bike for S150. 
15 months old. comes with toe clips and 
water bottle. Tel. 458-1248. (11/81 
Moped goes like crazy but needs a 
tuneup. Rrst SIOO takes it. Marcy or 
M ikaeI 481-4373. Call bt\Nn. 5-10. (II/51 
Stereo Pioneer SX-6 ~eiver 6() watts 
S175. Pioneer 10" 3-way ~ak~rs S90, 
both for S250. call 455-9851. (II/51 
2 full wetsuits. Men's XL tits he. 5'9" to 
6T·. Good condo S500rbest.AIso, men's 
XXL 3mm, fits ht. 6'0" to 6 '3", brand 
new . S75 or best. Both are O'Nell-
Must sell. Call Joe at 455-6277 after 7 
pm. (II/51 
Uncle Wiggley skateboard, grip-top. 
kryptonics. etc. Great shape; rarely used. 
Originally S95, now S45. 450-4689 
evenings. (II / 51 
1982 Yamaha Virago 750; 4,300 miles; 
excellent condition; silver; S1,800. 271-
8201. (11/ 51 

klHRllllll1 
Amateur drummer seeks musidans for 
informal. fun, jams. call Mike at 274-
9062. (11/51 
Hey goodlookingl Model wanted for 
fashion artist. Must be 5'B" or more. 
striking face. large frame, but skinny-
broad shoulders. Long Iegs-fflust ~ 
fr~ time during day. 27~2090 after 10 
am. (II/51 

Babysitt~r wanted days. nights & 
weekends for I yr. old Del Mar boy. 
References required. 755-0944. /11/51 
Wanted: Student groups to perform in 
the Airband Contest Nov. 17 in Rev. 
Cafe. Sign up in Rev. Res. Deans. (II/51 
Secretary/law clerk: La Jolla Shores law 
o ffice; flexible hours; ~ed good !WIng 
skills. 45~1I8. 456-1308. (11/81 

Master bedroom for rent. Can be shared. 
3/4 mile from school. Call Rich or J.K. at 
457-1353. Dec. 1st. (11/291 
Roommate needed for Mission Beach 
apt. S200/mo. pIUS 1/4 util. Cool place 
on the beach Available Nov. I. 483-
1383. (II/51 
For young professional \NOman-studio 
apt. or Similar Can pay $300 Please call 
459-6899.and lea ssage (11/291 
EnCinitas, house t wan ed for I (g"', 
4 bedroom OUS W ar looking or a 

considerate. non-smoking female . 
S240/mo .. 1/4 utilities . Near 
beach/busline. Avail. 11/15. Sandy 753-
2395 or 565-9214 (msg.l. (11/51 

.8t§@ij!!! 
Top Drawer S~cretarial Word 
Processing. Reports. resumes. 
manuscripts. Stude1t rate. Oiane 481-
4160. (ll/291 
Typing/Word Processing-For all your 
!Wing needs call Barbara at 454-7624. 
Rush jobs accepted. (11/51 
Expert Typing . Word processing & tape 
transcription. Spelling free. Sandy, 459-
5818. La Jolla. (11/291 
SUnroofs, high quality glass pop-up 
completely guaran~. S"115 installed. 
Bob 481-9145. (II/lSI 
Will do all your !Wing-UCSD grad with 
8 years prof. ~xper. You can call anytime. 
Nadine 578-0496. (11/291 
Having a party7 Rent a sound system for 
S30 & up. Call for details, ..bhn, 453-
0640. (11/81 
Driving around campus driving you 
nuts 7 All out a traffic survey. Help ~ 
the right of ways right! (II/51 
Quality !Wing, ~lIlng ~. rush job. 
students' papers/thesis, 16/srs. 
experi~e. Call ~ 452-1393. 111 51 
Word-processing essays. term ~. 
resumes, etc. Fast, effident reasonable 
rates. Lora 729--7722. (II/51 
TRUE LETTER QUAJ.ITY wordprocess-
ing. !Wing. Fast service. Alta-Bits. La 
Jolla 454-8628. (11/151 
HAVING A PARTY7 Let me supply 
recorded music for dandng or any other 
mood. Either rent my cassettes or I will 
create to your desires. call Steve 295-
4885. (11/291 
Burke S~cr~tarial-Ouality typing I 
Spelling co~-rush jobs ~alty/ 
flexible hrs. ~ Jolla 457-3842. (11/291 
Take a break, leam to sing. Improve your 
s~lf-imag~ and your ability io 
convm.J,icate with YOic~ lessons. 453-
2344. (11/BI 

Ladies: Want to met'tSincere, interesting 
men7 Foto Dace, califomia's most 
successful dating club, is o~ring a 
limited number of ~ trial ~berships 
to ladies bet\Neen 18-30. 293-3000. 
(11/81 
RISC pre~nts Broomball Sat. Nov. 10 at 
the UTC Skate Rink at 11 pm. Gather up 
some fri~nds and prepare yours~lf for 
some slip sliding funl Fr~e for mem~rs, 
S2 non-mem~rs. (II/51 
Get your All-Cal tickets nowl Vail is 
ready & w aiting for UCSD to enjoy. S299 

I plus RISC membership gets you 5 days of 
skIIng (Dec 14-21/, trans. accoms. and 
loads of fun actMties T,ckets at box off. 
through 11/16 (II/51 
John-Isn't fatherhood \NOnderfu/7 So 
ar bunk beds and lIttle desks and 
Snoopy lamps (l1/5j 

Claire. I know you are looking for some 
witches to audition for the Revell~ Play 
on Noll. 10 at WNH71ra. fIl/51 

To the sedu~ Asian girls in tish~ts at, 
the ZBT HallcM.ftn party, the guy 
d~ as a musidan with a red guitar 
would love to ~ar from you. 259-054 7. 
(II/51 
To all the guys at Sigma Nu, congrats 
and all the best-.Jn1. (II/51 
Delta Sig pledges Matt Grant Chris, 
Mike C, Jim, Doug. Rod, Muke,.John L, 
~, Tane, Ron, .John R., Mike S., Ntdy, 
John SmIth, John Steirtlou~, John 
Stephens, Arthur, and Ed: You guys 
threw a terrific Pledge/Active 
Halloween partyl Many thanks from us, 
the Actives. We really appredated it. 
Bruuutal. (11/51 
Steve Ruttenburg-Happy BIrthday to a 
'NOIlderful ZBn From an of the Uttle 
Sisters. (11/51 
"Hey ZBT Pledgesr' they said, "\M1en 
)CU least ~~ it ~xpect itr So watch 
out for the LUI (11/51 

~ discuss orK.anJPUS parking with a 
rep from the ParIdng Dept \XIed. Nov. 7 
at noon--cornrnutrr loulge. (11/51 
Nancy-Glrl Can't waft to ~ you Nov. 
101 ~ you IIk~ crazy! Pete-manl (11/51 
Dear John. did you hear that EAP is 
coming to Mtn. VIe\N loulge with Info 
on st1Jd}1ng abroad? All nird Students 
should drop by, Wed. Nov. 7, 7-9 pmll 
Love, Marlena, (II/51 
Tex-\Xihat dimes are you taking ~xt 
quarter? Come to \XIarren PrcMlst Otfice 
for ~Ip 11/6 at 5. JT. (11/51 

Lost Silver charm bracelet with initials 
CGA Reward. Call Kris 455-9644. 
(11/81 
Found: A bik~. If you think it's }'OUrs call 
Loren 560-8724 and identify. (11/51 
FolM'ld: Skateboard on Third Campus. 
Ca. to describe. 453-0329. (11/81 
Lost Stack Todd ~aljacket at Muir 
Field, Wed. night 10/24/84. Plea~ call 
DNight at 259-8607. (II/51 
8undle of cloth~s and tupperware 
container (10/15 on Muir Fieldl. Go to 
Gym Cage. (11/81 
Lost your way around campus 7 RU out a 
campus traffic survey and help us find a 
sense of dirKtion. (11/51 
Lost: Skateboard; ~arth-Ski. Plea~ 
call. 4B5-7884. I...eave message. Rewardl 
(11/51 
Found-Skateboard in TtH lOS. call 
S~ 45~3039to id~tify. Keep trying. 
(11/111 
Found: Skateboard at War~ 10/31. cau 
457-4029 to id and claim. (11/81 
Lost: Canon AEI at Miramar & Reg~ts 
Bus Stop. Call 457-2195. Reward. (II/51 
Found: Gold woman's ring In bathroom 
of Student Center Bldg. B. Plea~ call 
Gloria or Debbie 452-3670. (11/ 81 
lDst Green dolt pack. Must havt' 
mediClnel Taken from bookstore 1:30 
Nov. 2. No question askedl Plea I 
Return contents to Pohc D pt. or EDNA 
or call m t 483-1383 ThIs I urg nt 
PleaseUII R wardSSSS (11/81 


