


Tonight, March 5 at 7:30 in HSS 
2250, the first of two events in an effon 
to educate the campus and community 
aboUi the current siruation in Central 
America will be held. Tonight's program 
will include a film about Central 
America and a discussion about the 
subject afterward. The second part, on 
Wedncsday, March 7 at 8 pm in PH 
110, will be a teach -in hosted by UCSD 
media specialist In Central America, 
Dan Hallin , and author Bill Bollinger of 
Cal State lAo .. 

o 
"Bedside Manners: Emotional 

Etiqueue and Sexual Technique," will be 
the topiC of a lecture by Dr. Theresa 
Crenshaw, a noted sex therapist. She 
will focus on a method for mutual 
communication , identifying certain 
bedside manners destructive to the 
natural expression of sex, while 
suggesting pOSitive alternatives. Dr. 
Crenshaw has wntten articles on the 
comroversial G spot and has appeared 
on the Phil Donahue Show. The lecture 
will begin at 7 pm on March 7 10 
Montezuma Hall, SO U. 

o 

The lowering of student fees would 
result if Assembly Bill 3539, introduced 
by Assemblyman Jack O'Connell, wins 
approval. Sponsored by the UC Stud em 
Lobby, the bill seeks to allocate state 
funds to the University to pay for 
fina nCIal aid currently funded by 
student fees . Presendy, approximately 
50% of the Educational Fee paid by UC 
studems is used for fi nancial aid. 

o 

"Nonviolence in a Violent World" will 
be the topic addressed by Ira Sandperl 

1967 ... 
Legislation which would eliminate 

Governor Ronald Reagan and OIher ex-
olTlclo members from the Univers ity 
Board of Regents and the State Colleges 
Board of Trustees was introduced 
Monday by Assembly Speaker Jesse 
Unruh . Unruh said the bill was "an 
attempt to return the discussion of 
public higher education in this state to 
an obJecti ve, non-partisan basis" and to 
aVOId "political maneuven ngs harmful to 
our higher education system." 
1968 ... 

The new draft laws Will hit first year 
grads and graduating seniors very hard . 
According 10 the new Selective ervice 
Law, deferments will be ' granted only for 
the fields of medicine, dentistry and the 
ministry. The allonal Council of 
Graduate Schools predicted in a repon 
that the IOta 1 graduate enrollment In the 
US will drop 70% next year bccause 01 
the draft. 
1969 ... 

Hundreds of the nallon 's university 
professors, researchers and students cut 
classes dnd work today to diSCUSS the 
scienust's role in military-related 
research . ThiS "work strike" was 10 
cOl1Junction with the naoonal 
convention of physklst~ held last week 
10 New York, where two organizations 
from major campuses urged both nalural 
and physi cal S lenllsts tll r':-C)(.1I11111': 

on March 16, 7 pm at College Park 
Presbyterian Church. Mr. Sandperl has 
studied and taught nonviolent action 
and Mahatma Gandhi and is the co-
founder with Joan Baez of the Institute 
for the Study of Nonviolence. Mr. 
Sand perl also worked along with Martin 
Luther King, Jr. in the Civil Rights 
Movement and was active in the draft 
resistance and anti-Vlctnam War 
Movements. For more information , call 
265-0730. 

o 

Draft resisters may lose state financial 
aid If a California State Assembly Bill , 
introduced by Frank Hill of Whittier, 
passes. Although a federal regulation 
covering all federal sources of 
student aid is currently in effect, aU 
non-federal sources of aid are still 
available [Q students who refuse to 
provide infonnation on their draft 
registration status. State aid still available 
includes Cal Grams, EOP, EOPS and 
other fonns of aid. California, with over 
100,000 non-regis trams, leads the 
nation in non-compliance with draft 
registration . 

o 

Dr. Tom Maniatis, one of the 
foremost practitioners of genetiC 
engineering techniques working With 
human genes and genes of OIher 
mammals, williecrure Thursday, March 
8, 4 pm In Garren Auditorium at UCSD 
Medical School. Dr. Maniatis, professor 
of biochemistry and molecular biology at 
Harvard , will speak on the topiC "The 
Molecular Genetics o~ Human Globin 
Gene Expression" as part of the William 
D. McElroy Distinguished Lectureship in 
Biology eries. 

their profession regarding its social 
usefulness. 
1970 ... 

Many serious questions have been 
raIsed regarding the activities 
accompanying the Santana concen last 
Sunday night. ThiS was the first lime 
police were call.ed to the campus to 
quell a disturbance, Was this necessary? 
The San Diego police were caUed to 
campus and responded With 35 to 40 
officers from the North County division . 
1971... 

Blake Hall reSide nts suffered a long, 
uncomfonable weekend. As a result of 
the ongOi ng Invesllgauon of Revelle 
Resident Hall 's James Widener, 28 
miss1I1g Blake Hall toilet seats were 
recovered late yesterday morning. Thc 
hall reSidents, mostly girls , made do 
wnhout the seats since some unknown 
persons, identiflcd only as Argo Hall 
residents, removed them Friday. 
1975 ... 

"Boston IS the 10CJI POln! In a 
nallonal rJClst proPJgandJ camp.llgn 
that's been gOlOg on 10 the country for 
the past twent)' years," said Black 
socialist fcmlOi st .10 Bailey, who spoke 
T uesddY 111 I ront 01 the g}'I11 on "The 
SoCialist Altcrnau\'e 10 the Bus1l1g Cnsls 
III Bo~ton " 
1976 ... 

Ll~t \\'el'k . a IllOln In ,I "tr.lnge 

The AS Forum will return next issue in its regular slot. 

Final decision, March 14 

San Diego may 
finally get a Regent 
By ELLEN ARTHUR 

At the next UC Regents meeting, on 
March 14, Governor Deukmejian is 
expected to name San, Diegan Frank 
Hope to fill the vacant seat on the UC 
Regents Board. The opening was created 
last week when John Lawrence reSigned. 

Local representation on the board will 
help ensure that UCSD is considered 
when the Regents are allocating funds. 
The Regents comprise a self-governing 
board that runs the nine UC campuses. 
UCSD is one of the governed campuses 
and composes one-tenth of the total 
student population. It has not been 
represented in two years, since Dewin 
Hicks' term expired in 1982. 

Without an area regent on the board, 
UCSD does not get fair representation. 
Consequently, when the money is being 
allocated , UCSD comes up shon, Most 
funding tends to go to the schools in 

regions that are heavily represented, 
especiaUy to Berkeley and UCLA 

As the number 01 students at UCSD 
continues to increase, the need for new 
facilities increases, as well as the need 
to maintain the older facilities. With 
representation on the Regents Board, 
UCSD has a bener chance to receive 
funds for parki ng lot space, the 
University Center and the Law School. 

Local civic and political leaders have 
lobbied hard for Hope's appOintment. 
The 53-year-old San Diego architect has 
served on the San Diego Port 
Commission, the San Diego Chamber of 
Commerce, where he was chairman, 
and on the executive committee of San 
Diegans, Inc., a downtown 
redevelopment company that sponsored 
the Trolley and the convention center. 

The Green Parade 
By YEN TAYLOR 

The Jarxest St, Patrick's Day Parade 
west of Chicago wiD take place at noon 
on March 17 in downtown San Diego. 

The parade will begin at the 
intersection of Sixth Avenue and Juniper 
Street. It will run along Fifth and Sixth 
Avenues, between Grape and Upas 
Streets. A festival will foUow in Balboa 
Park with Irish music and dancing. Last 
year, approximately 100,000 people 
attended the parade, according 10 Sheila 
Fox, publicity chairman of the parade. 
"We expect even more spectators this 
year since it [the paradej is on St. 
Patrick's day," said Fox. 

There will be 200 units in the parade, 
consisting of high school and coBege 
bands, marching units, dignitaries and 

costume walked around the ReveUe quad 
giving away presents. Santa Claus? No. 
The Easter Bunny? You're gening 
warmer. Some perven? No, well , nOl 
really. It was the one and only KGB 
Chicken. The Chicken is Tt'd 
Giannoulas, an unassummg 22-year-old 
senior al San Diego State majoring in 
Journalism. ' 

1977 ... 
An effort is being initiated by the 

Rape Task Force this week 10 start a 
nighttime shuttle bus servtce around 
campus for the spring quaner, citing the 
poor lighung and the "extended" and 
dangerous walking distances berween 
buildings around campus. In an effort to 
alleviate the situation, the task force has 
begun circulating petitions around 
campus in the hopes of shOWing 
student suppOrt for the shuttle to the 
admmlstration . 

1979 ... 
The UCSD Sea-Deucers are vying lor 

a spot in the GUlnncss Book of World 
Reco,ds. The skindiving club began an 
underwater backgammon tournament 
Tuesda}' afternoon in an dlon to set a 
100-hour record . Teams 01 t\l'll will be 
<.1I\,1I1g In one-hour shllt~ untlllOmorrolV 
night. LISI }'C Jr, the SCd - l)euccr~ trled 

unsucces~lully to establish .1 first-time 
record lor underwater pyrJmld burld1l1g 

floats, 
"Unity with OlympiC Athletes' is the 

theme of this year's parade, Theme 
marshaDs will be representatives from 
the Olympic Council of Ireland. Mayor 
Roger Hedgecock is the parade's Grand 
Marshall. 

Started four years ago, the parade is 
sponsored by the Irish Congress of 
Southern California. "The parade is put 
on by all volunteers," said Fox. 

The parade chairman is Tom Mulcahy 
from the San Diego Padres. Jim Foley, 
one of the founders of the parade, is.me 
owner of the notorious Blameysrone 
Pub. The Pub was named by Esquire 
magazine as one of the best bars in 
America. 

at La Jolla Shores. 
1980 .. , 

A House subcommittee voted 8-1 
yesterday 10 kiU President Carter's 
request for authority to include women 
in a draft registration program. The vote 
against including women in registration 
was taken in the House Armed Services' 
mIlitary personnel subcommitee, where 
members argued there IS no military 
need to register women. 
1981... 

Chancellor Richard Atkinson gave the 
order to clear the Mandeville Annex of 
peaceful demonstrators at a reception 
last fall but had no idea it would lead 10 
a show 01 force by campus police. 
General outrage at the force and haste 
used by police officers, when they 
cleared the students, prompted 
Chancellor Atkinson to create a task 
force 10 investigate and recommend new 
procedures to govern police-student 
relations here. 
1983 ... 

Roger Htdgecock wants to turn 
UCSD's eucalyptus forest into industrial 
plants. It was quite a surprise to learn 
that Hedgecock plans to lease University 
land ror industrtal development, but that 
is what he said at a pubhc forum 111 
East San Diego before he made the 
information known to UCSD. 

- Christopher Canole 

March 5, 1984 3 
NEWS 

... • ~. .. . .. ~, '<:.... " ,:. .,.-"~ "' , r' ,'.. • ~ 

Coach Kaplan 
boosts scores 
By DANIEL MOCHON 

Taking admissions tests these days 
has become highly competitive. Many 
students are looking for ways to improve 
their scores, turning to "coaching 
schools," such as ' Stanley Kaplan's, for 
help. 

"Coaching," according to some, is a 
waste of time and money. others swear 
by it. Good or bad, Kaplan's San Diego 
Center helped over 800 srudents 
prepare for the tests last year, 

Kaplan's philosophy differs from that 
of other so-caUed "cram schools," 
however. "I aim to improve the student, 
nOl just the test score," he said. 

According to the WaU Strut Journal, 
his philosorhy works, Stanley H, Kaplan 
Educationa Center Ltd, is the largest 
and most popular test-preparation 
school in the US, with 125 permanent 
centers and annual revenues of 525 
million. 

Kaplan's program does produce 
results. A recent Federal Trade 
Commission (FTC) study concluded 
that Kaplan's coaching is the most 
effective of those studied, and could 
raise SAT (Scholastic Aptitude Test) 
scores by an average or 25 points (out 
of BOO). 

Test preparation is not cheap, 
however. Most of Kaplan's preparation 
courses, such as for the LSAT (Law 
School Admissions Test) or MCAT 
(Medical College Admissions Test), cost 
5400, considerably more than the Sloo-
5200 fee charged by other "cram 
schools." 

Kaplan feels that this difference is 
justified because his program is much 
more than a ten-hour "cram course." 
"We do nOl give short-tenn test 
preparation. We are an educational 
center because only improved students 
get improved scores," he said. Kaplan 
estimates that 70-80% of his advertising 
is by word of mouth. 

The $400 fee includes 32 hours of 
lecture-review and test practice, a 
supplementary cassette tape program 
that combines wrinen exercises with 
oral instruction and a home-study kit to 
reinforce the lectures. 

Walt Sanford, a UCSD student who 
took Kaplan's MCAT preparation, said 
that, "It helped to build a framework 
that aUowed me to solve problems [on 
the MCATj faster, without sacrificing 
accuracy." Sanford, who had taken the 
test preViously, improved his scores by 
an average of three pOints, a significant 
increase on a is-point scale. 

Crincs of test preparation or 
"coaching" have argued that the course 
only benefits students who can afford 
them, and thus gives wealthier students 
an unfair advantage. 

Kaplan combats' the problem with a 
scholarship program for financially 
disadvantaged students. "We are only 
too happy to help these students [whoj 
are struggling to achieve and [whoj 
show a financial need," he says. 

Ten percent of Kaplan's students 
receive these scholarships, which 
provide for at least 25% of the $400 fee . 
These scholarships are administered by 
a liaison with an advisor at each school 
who determines the eligibility of each 
applicant 

Standardized admissions tests, such 
as the MCAT or LSAT, are accused of 
creating students who are good at taking 
tests, but Kaplan refutes the idea that 
coaching makes the problem worse: 
"These exams use test skills necessary 
for school. We are not giving training 
for tests, but we are also giving training 
for med school, law school, etc." He 
believes that the exams are an important 
part of the admissions process. 

Kaplan started helping students with 
their tests over 46 years ago while 
working on a master's degree in 
education. He was approached by a 
student whom he was tutoring and was 
asked for some help in preparing for an 
upcoming SAT. The student did well on 
the exam and spread the word about 
Kaplan's coaching. Soon after, Kaplan 
started forming classes to accomodate aU 
the students who needed or wanted his 
coaching. 

By the late '50s and early '60s, people 
were traveling to New York from all 
parts of the country, just to get Kaplan's 
help. 

FinaUy, in the late '60s, Kaplan's 
popularity "exploded," and he "quickly 
opened up centers all over" to satisfy 
the demand of his coaching. 

Additionally, the Kaplan empire is 
growing larger and larger each year, as 
more permanent centers are built to 
keep up with the demands for his 
courses. 

Stanley H. Kaplan Educational Center 
now coaches 30 admission, aptitude 
and certificate exams. His newest 
creation is a speed-reading course 
which can "increase reading speed by 
two to seven times." Kaplan plans to 
olTer more self-improvement courses in 
the future. 

Students are satisfied by what they 
are getting. Carolyn Brown, an 
administrative assistant at Kaplan's San 
Diego Center, said that she only 
received two complaints about the 
program last year from 400 students she 
encountered. 

Kaplan guarantees his courses, letting 
the student repeat his coaching course 
for free (except OAT and MCAT) if the 
student feels he is not comfortable with 
the ma te rial. 

N~xt to B,~ IX", Mkt &. rh,' POSt O''(,c< '" UnlVe'S'tyC,ty, Corn,'r ufGowrnor Dr, &' Rc~cnts Ro"J . I 
....---FLAVORS: ONE FREE 50% YOGURT 

with the purchase of 
any other si~~ yogurt! Chocolate Ralpberry BoYlenberry Praline'N'Cream 

Chocolate Mint Vanilla 
Lemon Strawberrycheesecake 
Strawberry Mocha 
Pumpkin Peanut Burrer 
Coconut BIueberrycheesecake. 

La Jolla Villall<' Drive ~ UTe {iNC"IIO 
rOill Bear I ;; * r- Dr, 

Call UI for daily f)avon: 457·2339 ~ 
THIS COUPON GOOD FOR ONE FREE 50% YOGURT 
WITH THE PURCHASE OF ANY OTHER SIZE YOGURT 
* Expire. 3/ 11184 * Only 2 V2 Miles Away! One Coupon Per Customer 
_~.::.n::):~!r!.~~.:.~~3'::~.:.:i!:~0'::~:-~O.:~p=~S~~~:~!~~~.:...J 

Stanley Kaplan, testing school entrepreneur, in San Diego last ween. 

UCSD Medical School 
labels MCAT tests 'unfair' 
By DANIEL MOCHON 

"The MCAT does a disservice 10 
both the medical school and the 
applicant. I would like to see a 
different type of exam used for 
admissions ," said Dr. Charles 
Spooner, associate dean of 
admissions for UCSD's School of 
Medicine. 

The MCAT (Medical College 
Admissions Test) is the aptitude test 
used by most medical schools to rank 
incoming students and is an 
important part of the admissions 
process. 

Dr. Spooner feels that the MCAT is 
sending a wrong message to med 
school applicants because of its 
emphasis only on science, rather than 
on a wider variety of subjects, like 
history or general informtion. 

"It's 'an achievement test, nOl an 
aptitude test," Spooner claimed, "and 
shows what someone has retained, 
but not much more ." 

He added, "I don't know what it 
[the MCATj predicts afterthe first two 
years of medical school... or beyond 

med school lor that matter." 
Although Spooner acknowledges 

that the MCAT is an importanti'an of 
the admissions process, he feels that a 
student's GPA is the best indicator as 
to how he or she will do as a medical 
student. 

In the admissions process, Spooner 
estimated that he uses a 75-25% ratio 
when reviewing a candidate , 
attaching much more weight 10 the 
GPA and less to MCAT scores. 

Stanley Kaplan, preSident of the 
largest test preparation school in the 
country, also feels that a GPA should 
be given more weight than the test 
scores. In his opinion, a student's GPA 
gives a better overaU image of each 
student, since "these tests only 
measure what you can do in three to 
four hours." 

Kaplan does feel that admissions 
tests in general are valuable because 
they help a student sharpen those 
skiUs that will be needed in his or her 
field, 

PRECISION 
HAIRCUTS 

for men & women 
Wi'" tlli .. coupon only, 

Offer expires 3-19-84. 

737 Pearl 456· 1170 
La Jolla 456·1815 

-----------------T---------$10 PRECISION: PERM $29.50 HAIRCUT 1 Long Hair EXtrd , 
1---------------------for men & women I 

Shampoo, cut. 
(BIO\AI dry nol Indud"d. , 

: CELLOPHANE $15 

I 



4 Mlln II 5. 198~ 
OPINIOl'O 

Driver's ed., driver's training 
and getting the Big Picture 
By PHIL LAUDER 

Learning to drive IS a struggle 
against the odds. For most of us, 
ir mvolves geuing an 
instructional permit. going 
through driver's education and 
driver's training and finally 
taking the nerve-racki ng road 
tesr at the Department of Motor 
Vehicles. 

get the Big Piclure."? Getting the 
Big Picture (i.e ., seeing all of the 
road in front of you) is rule # I 
of defenSive driving. Do you get 
the Big Picture? Do you want the 
Big Picture? Would you take the 
Bi& Picture if someone gave it to 
you? 

How many of us follow the 
dictum OIlE film advocates: "After 
the signal 'urns green, look left, 
look right, look left again, pause 
for a count of twO seconds and 
then proceed smoothly through 
the intersection:? Get real! I 
mean , when you first start 
driving with your permit, and 
Dad's in the passenger seat, you 
try to Impress him by doing all 

Thank you, Paine Webber. 
As for the rest of the advice 

proferred 10 driver's ed., who 
really comes to such a smooth 
stop that a tOmato placed on the 
car hood won't roll om Who 
leaves a three-second safety 
distance behind the car in front? 
Hell , if you do that during a 
traUic jam, every car on tne roao 
Will get in front of you. and you'lI 
have to Stop and go backwards 
to leave a "safety" distance. 

For that mauer, who obeys all 
traffic laws? Who even looks at 
all those speed limit signs? 
Really, do you never exceed 55? 
When approachmg campus on 
Gilman Drive. do you suddenly 

feedback - the annoying 
STEERING light comes on, and 
an error is registered on the 
computer. After the ten-minute 
film is over, and you've 
successfully hit a dog. two 
pedestrians and an old lady in a 
limo, your score is taDied. A good 
score is 50 or so mistakes - 50 
or so instances where you 
wrecked or murdered something 
or someone. 

I learned 10 hate that 
simulator. No maner what you 
did , those stupid lights Dashed. 
After a few of those steering 
warnings, I would start doing 
3605 In the middle of the 
freeway. What the hell .... 

Towards the end of the 

If you want to get your license 
when you reach Cahrornia's 
minimum driving age of 16. this 
is the route you have to take. If 
you have the patience to wait 
twO more years - or if your 
parents declare, "Look, kid , 
you're going to wait until you're 
18 ... " - then the only reqUIred 
srep IS the DMV test I was more 
than anxIous to get my license as 
soon as possible. so I took the 
long way home. And I feel that 
I'm a better person because of it. 

The first step in the whole 
process is geuing a permit . To 
do this. you have to pass the 
infamous DMV driver's test - a 
collection of 25 multiple-choice 
questions involving such 

Can you remember what you're supposed 
to think and do to be a good 'defensive' 
driver? I mean, some of what they say is 
very helpful, but the rest .... 

course , they throw complicated 
situations at you. A bIcyclist is 
on the right , riding next to the 
parked cars. On thc left, an 
elderly couple IS thinking about 
crossing the street, but the traffic 
going the other way isn't slowing 
down . Suddenly, a ball rolls mto 
the street, and out. comes a little 
brat to chase it. and on your 
right a car door opens, sending 
the bicyclist head-first onto the 
pavement in front of you, and a 
semi on the other side of the 
street jackknifes into your lane to 
avoid the elderly couple. What 
do you do? 

complex concepts as, "A red light 
at a traffic signal requires you to: 
(a) stop ; (b) go; (c) turn around 
- you're in the wrong lane; 
(d) give up - the cops are right 
behind you." If you can 't pass 
that thing. take it as a sign from 
the gods that you were never 
meant to dnve. 

exr comes the high school 
driver's ed. course. I enjoyed 
mine. but some of the things 
they expect you to swallow are 
kind of ridiculous. Can you 
remember what you're supposed 
to think and do to be a good 
-defensive" dnver? I mean. some 
of what they say IS very helpful . 
and some is downright 
necessary. but the rest... the rest 
IS dictated by people who have 
never driven a day of their lives. 
Who gets in the car, turns th e 
key and thinks, "OK, I have to 

these brtlliant things. So you're 
the firs t car in hne at the stop 
hght, and it turns green. You 
look left - fine - and you look 
right - fine - and you look left 
again - still fine . Already the 
cars behind you are honking. 
You put the car in gear and count: 
"One thou"and one, one 
thousand two." ow the people in 
those cars behind you are 
honkmg and callmg you thmgs 
we can't repeat on the air. Then 
you start OUt - but you've put It 
in third gear mstead of first. and 
the car stalls. The light tums 
yellow as you fumble to find the 
ignition. You tum the key but 
you fo rgot about the clutch, so 
the car Jerks forward mto the 
middle of the intersection . 
Meanwhile, Dad frantically tries 
to tell you how to save your Ii fe 
- but you've given up. The first 
car of the cross traffic nails you, 
and it's all over. 

ll®frfr<.elf~n<.eilit~rr~n®frtt®IT'~n®frtt®IT'~ll®frtt~ 
tt~1f~lettersnCf;ilit®lf~ll®frfr®lY'~n®frfr<.eIT'~n 
rr~n®ilit~lf~ll®ttttceIT'~n®frfr®rr~n®ilit®rr~nCf;fr 
n~tttt®IT'~n~iill®rr~n~1ill®IT'~n~tttt~IT'~n®frfr® 
Editor. 

Black's Beach Ultimate 
Entropy would like to thank the 
KSDT party package crew for 
proViding high quality 
entertainment at the Wmter 
Crystal Tournament part)' on 
Saturday, february 18 at the Che. 
The event began on schedule 
with DJs presenting a tasteful 
mix of musIc which lasted the 
entire evening. We were 
especlall)' Impressed with the 
sound system prOVided b)' the 
part)' packJge. and the 
prolessional wa)' 111 which the 
event was run. 

Kate Punnal 
Women 's Ultimate Entropy 

EdilOr. 
KSDT hJ, been dOing LA(ju 

dalke!> cven bd(lr~ th<:)' h,ld a 
pany package ,lnd LAGu h.ls 
nevcr hall hett<:r mUSIL K~I) I 

has always been on time and 
courteous. Since they have been 
dOing LAGO on-Sexist dances. 
more people have danced and 
have had a better llIne. KSDT 
alwa),s plays musIC that is 
appropnate . cven bener than 
appropriate . KSDT gets our party 
goers really hopping. KSDT has 
,llw3)'S been responsl\'e to musIc 
requcsts . 

In sum. LAGO IS extremel), 
hJPP), wilh thl.! work K)D I il.l~ 
clonc and v.e Jre Il.oklllg lorward 
to conrmC!l ng them lor llur 
future [Lmces. funhermore . 
LAGl) recommcnc.j.; KSD I III 
In)'one \Vhll b thl'll\\'lng ,I PJrt) 
1.lkl· II lmlll ,In org.lnl::Jtl(ln thJt 
LOn,1 lemi> gct~ bctWcl' n ) 40 
,1I1d ll)() pcnpk Jt Ih d,1I1Cl'S 
"'In I IS the !,.rc,l[l'~[ 

holron Moxen 
LAGO Co-Chair 

slam on the brakes when the 
speed limit drops from 50 to 25? 
Let's be serious. 

Driver's traming IS stiU more 
fun and thrills. Training involves 
some on·the-road instruction 
and a lot more on-the-simulator 
instruCtlon. For those of you who 
missed OUt, a simulatOr is a cure 
deVice that semi-simulates reaJ 
dnving situations. Students sit at 
their "cars," whic h feature 
steeri ng wheels, brakes and gas 
pedals , instrument panels and 
an noymg colored warning lights 
that tell you when you've 
screwed up . At the front of the 
room is an out-of-focus film that 
shows the windshield in front of 
you and the barely-
distingUIshable road beyond . As 
the camera rums a comer, you 
have to tum your wheel to match 
It. If you turn tOO hard or not 
hard enough - which you 
always do. since you have no 

After a couple of these things, 
I realized that no series of 
maneuvers ever avoided those 
warning lights , so I usually 
Ooored it through the whole 
mess, hitting as many objects as 
) could . And no lights came on. 

After the driver's training is all 
over, you remember some of 
what was taught you for, say, twO 
or three weeks, and then you get 
your license and become a 
typical teenage driver and kill 
someone. 

Was it all worth It? I don't 
know. I'm still looking for my Big 
Picture. 

The Guardian invites our readers to make use of 
the opinion section as an open forum to present and 
exchange their views on any subject. Letters and 
articles may be sent to the Opinion Editor at the 
Guardian , B-016, UCSD, La Jolla, CA 92093 or 
brought to our offices adjacent to the Che Cafe. 
Requirements for letters and Commentary pieces are 
outlined below. 
Commentary pieces may be submitted by any 
concerned individual. Pieces should be cyped 
double-spaced on a 72-character line. Articles may 
be rebuttals to a Guardian story or letter. Whatever the 
subject, the writer should focus on a clear thesis. We 
reserve the right to edit for clarity and style, but all 
major changes will be cleared with the author prior to 
publication whenever possible. 
Letters to the editor should be cyped as above. Letters 
are generally written in regard to articles or other 
letters printed in the Guardian. However, any letter of 
general intrcst to UCSD students will be considered 
for publicatlon . Letters may be edited when space 
requires, and spelling and grammatical errors may be 
corrected. The writer's name and phone number 
must accompany every article and letter. 

.. 

Editor 
Tim August 

Manaain8 Editor 
Phil Lauder 

Copy Editor 
Joe Desiderio 

Opinion Editor 
Grace Nielsen 

Contributins Opinion Editor 
David Wolf 

News Editor 
Usa Lapin 

Contributing News Editors 
Christopher Can ole 
Steven R. Friedman 

Phil Willon 

Am Editor 
Andrew Keeler 

Associal£ Ans Editor 
John Nee 

Spons Editor 
Jeff Savage 

Photo Editor 
Rich Pecjak 

General Manager 
Chris Milke 

Associate General Managers 
Linda Lewis 

Valerie McMullin 

Photographers 
Richard Caterina 
Rob Friedenthal 
Mark Joh nson 
David Newell 

IUU!ill'lltors 
John Ashlee 

Steve Kloepfer 

Typesetters 
Joe Desiderio 
Anggie Lapid 
Phil Lauder 

Andy Laurence 

Production 
Paul Farwell 

Rob Friedenthal 
Lizz Fuller 
Kelley Neal 

Karla Spencer 

Staii Writers 
Lance Bernard. Ethan Feerst, 

David Fleminger. Robert Geyer. 
Mike Greenberg, Sergio Klier. Ian 
Langdon, Robert Leone. Michael 

Panos , Dena Rosen. 

The UCSD Guardian is 
published Mondays and 
Thursdays during the academic 
year by students at UCSD. Views 
expressed in the Guardian do not 
represent the views of the Regents 
of the University of California or 
the Associated Students of UCSD. 
All un - Initialled editorials 
represent the views of the entire 
editorial board of the Guardian ; 
Initialled editorials represent 
minority opinions of the editorial 
board. Reprod uction, publication, 
or any use Without permission of 
any pomon of thIS newspaper 
Without prior notification is strictly 
prohibited . 

The Guardian welcomes signed 
letters and commentary asourlined 
10 the Opinion section ; however, 
we are not responsible for 
unsolicited manuscnpts or art. 

Our office IS located southeast of 
t'he Revelle Provost Office next 
door tv th e Che Cafe on the UCSD 
campus. Thc Buslncss Offl cc is 
opcn from I,) am to noon and J pm 
III '5 pm Monda), th rough r nday. 

'ubsCnptlllnS .Ire available and 
\\'111 be Illalleu lirst dass for$15 per 
4uanc r. 

The UCSD Guardian 
U SD,8-016 

La Jolla , Califomia 92093 
(6 19) 452-3466 

From out of a fallow field ... 

The UCSD Science Park: 
IndustIy.emerging on campus 
By THOMAS RANKIN 

T he parcel of land nonh of Mesa Housing hes faDow today. but it is the site of a project that has been baned between the Regents. UCSD. 
the Navy. Congress and the White House for the past 
two years. Even by UC's bureaucratic standards, the 
evolution of this proposal has taken on nightmarish 
proponions. 

Where there is now only a small driving range and 
an assortment of garbage-digging rodents, planners 
hope to erect a facility housing a consonium of 
research-oriented businesses that will carry out 
research and development in collaboration with the 
Umversity. The idea IS not new. but it is gaining in 
popularity as coUeges natlonwide scramble to close the 
rift that has developed between scientists in the 
private sector and those in academia. 

When the Navy and the City of San Diego donated 
land for the founding of UCSD in 1962, 56% of 
university research was funded by the federal 
government. By 1981 , that figure had plummeted to an 
estimated 32%, according to reports from the National 
Science Foundation and the Land Economics Group. 
Over two-thirds of today's research in American 
universities is funded by, private industry. 

As the fields of data processing. bioengineering and 
communications have fed themselves into a frenzy of 
increasingly expensive research. the need for closer 
ties between aD panies in these areas has become 
acute . When UCSD planners sat down for a 
reevaluation of their long-tenn plans during the 1980-
81 academic year, they concluded that something had 
to be done, and the Science Research Park (SRP) was 
born. 

Teething problems. however, were evident from the 
stan. The deed for the land donated by the Navy (the 
site chosen was originaDy a Navy target range) clearly 
stipulated that it could only be used for "educational 
purposes: with no provisiOns made for change as the 
world leaped from Sputnik to global satellite 
co mmunications, and roomfuls of tubes and dials were 
condensed into packets small enough to be hefted by 
an mfant. 

UCSD admmlstrators lobbied for a special 
exemption from the education-only clause, and local 
representatives responded by auaching a rider to a 
defense appropriations bill that was signed into law by 
President Reagan on October 15, 1982. The Secretary 
of the Navy was granted the power to give a special 
dispensation to UC to develop 30 acres of then-
unsited land into a commercial "science-research 
facility" under guidelines agreed upon by the Navy and 
the University. With the first obstacle set aside, UCSD 
managers began working in e~rnest to package the SRP 
into a workable form. 

On January 31 . 1983. ChanceDor Richard Atkinson 
put together a Science Research Park Advisory 
Committee, made up of administrators, faculty 
members and representatives from the Associated 
Students and the Graduate Student Council. Patricia 

. Collum of the Resource Management and Planning 
Depanment has been mvolved with the SRP since its 
inception and has taken the helm as project manager. 
Her task is to coordinate efforts on aD fronts and bring 
this rather troublesome baby under COntrol. 

A major step involved convincing the Regents that 
UCSD should go ahead and hammer out a deal with 
the Navy to get clear of the deed restflCtlOns. The 
Regents finaDy gave their blessing on February 17 of 
this year. When UC's Santa Cruz campus was granted 
approval for a project simliar to the SRP last year, the 
Regents added a codicil allowing weapons research at 
that facility , sparking an uproar from students, faculty 
and adminstrators there. While much of UCSD's 
computer research has defense applications, adVISOry 
committee guidelines state that SRP projects "may not 

The Navy and University of 
California la~ers are still 
engaged m a red tape jamboree. 

include research designated by the federal government 
as classified." 

The full repon of the adviSOry committee includes 
thumbnail deSCriptions of other university research 
parks across the nation and laid out the objectives, 
criteria for admission and development guidelines for 
the SRP. Summarizing the study of the other 
developments. the committee noted that, "For every 
successful research park that can be cited . there have 
been as many failures . Successful developments have 
shared two important characteristics. They are able to 
offer strong graduate programs in science and 
industry-related fields, and they are located in areas 
offering an impressive employment pool and attractive 
lifestyle amenities." 

UCSD would seem to have the necessary ingredients 
for success. but in fact, the San Diego area may already 
be so anracrive to researchers that the University 
would have a tough time competing with private local 
developments for tenants. This concern led planners to 
seek out the services of Coopers and Lybrand, a 
promment CPA finn with expertise in university-sized 
research parks. 

r-----PERFECTyPE 
eNOTypos eNOErasures eNOHassles eNOWomes 
We only do one thing: SUPER lDGH QUALITY TYPING, 

When it has to be perfect ... can PERFECtYPE 
SOLDI' ACE • JUSTIFIED RIGHT MARGINS • SHADOW PR I NT 

Maureen McAvey works in Coopers and Lybrand's 
Washington DC offke. As project manager for UCSD's 
SRP project, her task is twofold. First she must 
ascertain how UCSD can effectively compete with 
Sorrento Valley and the surrounding area for attractive 
clients. The second part of her job is to outline the 
various management options available and make 
recommendations as to which would be the most 
logical for UCSD to undertake. 

The SRP AdviSOry Commillee duly notes that, 
- "Assuming that a research park is desirable and 

finanCially viable, [thel next questions concern 
themselves with implementation and management. 
Although development and management models vary 
greatly, the decision to plunge into entrepreneurial 
actlon Invariably involves universities in business 
relationships With developers." 

According to McAvey. the four major conSIderations 
in chOOSing a management scheme are: how much risk 
the umverslty is willing to take ; the financial rerum 
expected; how much direct control the university 
wants; and how much capital outlay it is willing to part 
with up front. 

These considerations contribute in varying degrees 
into the three options that are open to UCSD. The first 
option is to parcel the land and solicit companies 
directly to set up shop on each parcel. The second 
option is to tum the entire JO-acre plot over to a 
developer and aDow that firm to put it together. The 
third option is to set up an administrative body, such 
as an autonomous non-profit corporation, to handle aD 
aspects of the development. This last option forces 
UCSD to come face-to-face with the real world of 
business. It requires the most cash. carries the most 
risk and promises to be the most troublesome. but it 
also offers the most handsome return and allows the 
most direct control. 

Coopers and Lybrand's final report is still pending, 
but McAvey was willing to outline more clearly the 
amorphous "mutual benefit" that has been bantered 
about by SRP supporters from Co ngress to committee. 
As far as benefits are concerned, she notes that shared 
facilities promise to be anractive both to UCSD and 
the companies involved. Phenomenally expensive 
supercomputers, high-tech software libraries and the 
other paraphernalia that go with CUlling-edge research 
could be time-shared by twO or more parties at greatly 
reduced cost to each. Student employment. both part-
time/internship and post-graduation, has also been a 
plus at other universities. 

Stanford University is another client of Coopers and 
Lybrand. Stanford has aggreSSively pursued industrial 
development on campus since the late 1950s and 

I)IL~": turn {c) /lag.: 8 

• ITALICS 

PRINT TYPES 
• HIGH OUAL! TY PAPER 

• CARBON RIBBONS 

• TYPED COP I ES • CHO I CE OF 
• KEPT ON DISK (I~ DESIRED) 

FOREIGN LANGUAGES • COMPUTER I ZED SPELL I NG CHECKS • BORDERS 

A SOUP AND SAlAD 1M BSTAURANTOFSAN DIEGO 
FlEE STRAWBERRY SHORTCAKE wtth 

REAL WHIPPED CREAM 
THESES • DISSERTATIONS • MANUSCRIPTS • RtsuMts • COVER 

LETTERS • MAILING LISTS • ADVERTISEMENTS • COMPETITIVE RATES 

• v.n.bla .... to "" oUo (nat jolt PIa or 1UII;) 
• Voriabla Spaci". to an, 11 .. (not jut PICA or !LITE) 
• V.r i.bl. Spacial to •• , .i&. (aot juat PICA or ELITE) 
• V.ri.bl. Spacinl to an, .i •• (not Ju.t PICA or ELITE) 

Included with Every Meal 
Offer good until March 31st. Dinner only starting at 5:00 

~~ .... -----_._._ ... _._-_._- .. _ .. _-_._.----_.-.----.--------------- ~.~ 
SALAD _uu.u_uuu_u •• uu_._uu_u_.u ____ uuu_uu_uuuu 4.71 

SOU~ and SALAD uUumuU_uu ____ muuuu_._m_ 5.50 
Two giant salad bars - Five kinds of soup - Fresh fruit bar 

Fresh muffins and hakery goods 

Monday thru Saturday 11 :OO-9:30/Sundays 12:00-9:30 

Make as many changes as you want. because we 
know how important your work is, Our trained 
representatives will meet with you on campus to 
determine exactly how you want it done, We 
present you with a first draft. Make any changes 
you wish at no extra charge I Because quality 
requires attention. The kind of attention you get 
from PERFECIYPE. 

7305 CLAIREMONT MESA BLVD., SAN DIEGO 
JUST EAST OF HWY 105 

576-0622 

CALL 273-6148 



Academic Services 
MONDAV.ftII~V 
II. 4100 pili - PAl Conferences - Don't 
spend more time stu<¥ng than necessatyl 
SchMule a one-to-one PAlI~ aSSIstance for 
learning 1 conference to streamllrll! your stu~ 
The conferences WIll deal With your rourse 
materials concerns Including reading 
comprehenSion, memory control, lecture 
rotetaklng, and test preparation, as well as how to 
manage your time, h.ylCl/e stress, concentrate 

~r, .ylCl overc~ procrastJnabOr1 Sponsored 
Ily the OASIS Readng and Stuay Skills Center In 
usa 4010 
II. _ 4100 pm - OASIS Writing Center 
offers free servICe for all UCSD students whO need 
pre-wnong help, conferences on draf'ts, and 
editing a<Mce We engage any kind of Wrltll1Q and 
any kll1d of writing prolJlem Conferences ¥e Ily 
appointment ono/ E\IeI11flg appolOtments ¥e now 
also available 111 OASIS Tturd Place at Third College 
IFor the full range of ServICes see back of Fall 

Entertainment 
MOfImAV 
,. pili - Salvadorean Solldamy COITYn/nee 
Sfide StDw, /-ISS 2250 Free 

~V 
IlOO pm -AtolTllccafe, MusIC Dept ,CME, Free 
WBJNIESDAY 
aoo pm - Schol¥srop Benefit Wed and ThJrs , 
MusIC Dept , MO\ GA Sb, st S3 
THURSDAY 
IlOO pm - Dance In the Che cafe, Muslaans 
CUO, SI 

FRI~Y 
Noon - Rano Freeman. maglaan, Revelle Plaza, 
Free 
5100-7:00 pm - RoO Huff, SCB Tnton Free 
IlOO pm - JearrPaul Cu~, Poetl)' Reading 
MC 103 
8:00 pm - Dan Siegel, UEO MCA GA S9, UCSD 
S6 
1:00 pm Performance Forum, CME, 
Mandeville B210 Free 
SATURDAY 
9:OO-II:JO pm -AS Dance With the Famous 
Figures, Central ut:Jral)' Free 

purchased Ily the student Will be used All work 
wI/I be corJll'eted III the context of the WClrkstql 
In USB 30300 
:11»4100 pm - Drop-In adviSing open sessIOn 
for Pre-NledICaI and Pre-Oental students, No 
appointment necessary, OUt It IS advIsatJIe to call 

~rst to confirm that the session will be held In the 
Health Sciences Advisol)' Program career Plannlllg 
& PIac~t Center, Stud Ctr Bldg A 452-4939 
WEDNESDAY 
9100-.0100 _ - The OASIS GM (Grammar & 
MechanIcs) Workstql IS deSigned for students 
wro would like to work on d¥ifying basiC 
grammatical concepts and categories, and 
applying them In exten5lVe, systematIC serIeS of 
practical exerases An exercIse manual to be 
purdlased Ily the student WIll be used All work 
'Mit be COrJll/et:ed In the context 01 the WClrkstql 
In USB 30308 
9:JO-1I1OO _ - Drop-In advislflg In open 

Schedule) Call 452-2284 or ~ Ily USB 4010 to 
make an appointment. This Sl!Mce IS avallatlle 
ttTougJout the quarter 
9100 _ 4100 pm - Grammar Moses Hotline-
A grammar hOtiine phone-lll Sl!Mce for ~ WIth 
ClictIDrl. grammar and punctuatIOn prot*ms To 
reach Grammar Moses, call 452-2284 Sponsored 
Ily the OASIS Wrrong Center ~ce avallatlle 
ttTou!flout the quarter 
• aJO.4IOO ..... - Drop-In-Hours For quid< 
quesoons pertainrng to C¥~ planning. job 
hUnting, restJlTll! critiqueng etc For more 
II1dividual attentIOn slgO-\.4I or call 452-3750 Ibr n 
appofltment With an advisor In Career Planning 
1-1.1059 
MONDAY 
.......... _ - Graduate Sdlool .A.I:Msng 
Plannrng on graduate sdlooI i!!Iter UCS07 Alter 
you attend a Graduate A<Msing 5ernirw, It'~ 
at this tlrTM! and talk to an acMsor for more spedfic 
or detailed InlbrmatlOrl In the Student Center 

call first at 452-4939 If open tam ¥e berng held 
In the Student Center Bldg A 
Noon-.IOO ..... - The French IXIbrkshop IS 
Cleslgned manly for students who are wrltlng 
papers or other class aSSIgnments In French 
Students not wormg on specifiC papers. but whO 
would like to perfect their Writing ablJi1¥ In French, 
are also welcome The workshop Will olrer a 
unKjue opportul1lty for students to edit their own 
papers, .ylCl seek construaM! mtJasm from the" 
peers It Will also prOVIde d ... iticatron of gr.:mmar, 
mechaniCS, and sentence .ylCl p¥agt'aph structure 
Pre-wnong dlSCUSsrons, INhen necessary, IMII be 
conducted In French Students ~ attend on 

r~lat or occasional basis In USB 4070 
~~IIOO ..... - The OASIS GM (Grammar & 
Mechanics) Workshop IS designed for students 
wt'o would Uke to work on clarifying basic 
gr ammatlCal concepts and categorres, and 
applying them In ext~, systematIC serIeS of 
practICal exerases An exerose manual to be 

Bldg A 
~Y 

MONDAV 
4dO .... - Lecture gIwn Ily Professor Se)mour 
Sieget, f'rdmor of Ethics and Theolo!l' at Jewish 
Theological Serninay New YoItc Also DIrector ot 
US HolocaJSt Memorial Counol. washington. DC 
lecture title "The Condusions of the President's 
Conmssion on Bb-Medical Ethics A Jewish 
Member's View" In the conr Rrn lilA 
nMSDAV 
'110 .... - Dr, ~ McDaniels of SodoIocIr 
Dept. Will speak on Chile Dilemmas of 
Dictators/'4> A 45 mrrute lecture with a short 
questIOn and answer perIOd to follow In the int'I 
CIT 
THUIIIDAV 

- Qasls Teachin~Le¥nII1g Semin..-s present Dr 
Charles wurrey, IIiSIting professor of Chemistry He WI' speak about the teaching pr~ iW1d his 
vrews about ec1IcatIon 

..... 11100 _ - Your Skills - 'rI:lur C¥~, 
This workshop ~ you identify and illtJrulate 
skills and retolle them to partlrul¥ careers. In the 
Revelle Formal lounge 
....... 100_ - The ~ProgamleYel 
I & II - This OASIS progrcm rowses on the 
thinIc;,g skills you need to succeufUl~ hindIe the 
reading and writing tasks ass/gled 111 your rourses 
It ls deslg1ed lor those wt'o want to perk! their 
EnglIsh larlguage skills IP classes are tiIU!11t ~ 
reading .ylCl writing spedaIists iW1d biJin9.lal tutorS 
IP IS presented Ily the OI\SIS Wrrtlng Center and 
the O!\SIS Reading Center In USB 4010 
......... _ - l.TN/MBr\ AcMsing. l£Iw or 
MBA school group acMsing hOurs Ibr "i 
q~ concernrng the appheatron br law 
school or MBI\ programs, see the Pr~ 
Law/Management advisor on an rnformal basis, 
No apporntments necessary, but It IS advisable to 

them. In the ~Ie Formal Lounge 
f'RIDAY 
..... 0100_ - The I.Ylguq f'rogam ~ I 
& " - This OMIS progratTI foruses on the thinIcng 
skilll; you need to succeufully handle the reading 
and writing taSks a5SIgnI!d In your courses It IS 
designed for those wt'o want to perfI!ct their 
EnglIsh ~ Skills IP classes ... e tiIU!11t Ily 
reading and wntrng specialists lrId bilingual tutorS 
IP IS presented Ily the OASIS Readrig & Wrrtlng 
Center In USB 4010 

se5S1On for Pre-Medical and Pre-Dental students 
No appoontment necessary, OUt It IS adIIIsaoIe to 
call first to confirm that the sessK>n IMII be held In 
the Health SCIences A£Msory Program - Car~ 
Plannrtg & PIac~t Center, Srud Crr Bldg A 
452-4939 

.0.» ..... _ - Interested III the health 
profl5slons 7 20 mrnutes private appointments for 

car~ planning adVice for stuCll!nts flterested 111 
health C¥eer5 call In Dance for appontment. 
IlUt no _IIer than one \Meek Health Sciences 
Advisory Program 452-4939 In the Student Center 
Bldg A 

•• 100 _ n a IN! - JoO Mark~ Trends Separate 
fact from fantasy Our work5l1o wI/I help you 
understand the dlangIng JOO m¥1«!( and your 
future In It In the Revelle Formal Lounge 
2J00.1a. pili - Graduate Advimg SefTlll1¥ 
Planning on graduate school? For InformatIOn on 
application procedures, leners of 
rea>mmendatlOn, statement of purposes .ylCl 
admiSSIOnS altena, attend one of these serTllrl¥s 
Ily Signing up at career Planning & Placernertt 
Center Student Ctr Bldg A or call 452-4939 

~IOO-"'" pm - Finals Prep - Bnngyour course 
materials and get organiZed for finalsl You 'll learn 
hOw to "PP0/ the successful SCORE system, predict 

test questionS, and re\IIt'IN Ibr total preparatron In 
~ rourse Sponsored Ily the O'UIS Reading & 
Sway Skills Center In BldQ B Corl Rm Student 
Center 
JIOCHIOO,... - Intervlewrng SkIlls WorkshOp 
D:r )Ou need hefp III preparrng Ibr pb Ifltef\IIe'M 
Some tips on the best wcrys to present your 
qualificatIOns and what kind of Interview 
questrons to ecpea. In the Revelle Formal Lounge 
THUIISDAY b....... pili - Interested n the health 
profesSionS 7 20 mnutes prIVate appointments for 

car~ planning advice for students rnterested In 
health car~s calf In Dance lor appol1tment. 
OUt no e¥1Ier than one week Health Sciences 
AdvrSOl)' Program 452-4939 In the Student Center 
Bldg A 
lr00-41OO pm - Finding the Hidden Job Market 
8)% of all po vacanoes are unad\lertlsed This 
workstql Will teach you a w~ to find out aIJOUt 

Services/Workshops 
MONDAY~Y 
... _ IID_. 1100-........ - Do you 

~ 'JCXlI ~7 You don't tvwe to! Comr III the 
Se/f-care Centers at the HNIth Center and Ie¥n 
about proper Cold Care and SIcrI Care and take 
part WI our free DIood pressure monitoring service, 
In the Sludent Hulth SeMces downstairs main 

~~~ 
IIIOMaAV 

.~ ........ - Issues br Single \lI.tlmerI In 
College and C¥eers - This Is p¥t three In the 
IoWI'kshop series "Strategies tJr Succes5lu1 C¥~ 
Development br Women," Offered ~ Temil~ 

~er, MA. at PsydloIoglQl SeMces. Meets III the 
Mcunuin VIew Lounge, Thjrd College 
,.... .... - EVE Gro.Ip - this IS a 
behaIioralll'1il1ilQt'lT1 wei!1IIloss progam open 

to UCSD women students Its title "EVE" IS to pornt 
the dltllaJlty the late afterman and ~ I'nIrs 
pose for those whO ate tryrng to modty the" 
I.W'iglt Anention win br! pard to strategIeS for 
coping WIth these times, WIth stress. with bad 
habits and other factors which promote 
overeating Group membr!rs Will SI!t goals and 
rew¥cIs based on SUpportIVe mange strategIeS 
such as food I!JCchatlgt' plans. relaxatIOn, 
holTlelNOllc iW1d peer support Meets WftkIy at the 
Warren College Outbadc Cafe Contact facilitators 
Bev HarjU at 452-3987 or TamII~ ~er at 452-
3035 to slgl up 
n.lDAV 

~ ....... - 00)011 want to know lYlOI'e 
about sewaIIty and tilthmntrol11f 50, attend the 
birth anroIlnforrnatlon session on either Tuesday 
ex ~ Boch milt' m female SlUd!na are 
weIccmt' SessIon IS stn:lt9.t' suggested for 
\I.Omen's Clilic paaena ~ their patners. 

Religious' Functions 
MONDAY-NIMY 

l..eaJI'ette ¥Id dlswssJon bmat. In the Student 
HeMh 5eNices l.flSta/rs bunge ¥N 
...... ,... -~ Blade Forum - Thjs Is 
an inlbrmal ctka /Scion group centered on ISSUes, 
concems ¥Id the quality ot We at the Black 
Q)mmJnity at UCSO It IS an open, Drl!P'"9 group, 
and students canjOrn at "i tune, Phil ~I iW1d 

~Ir Bastien, Counseling iW1d Psyct1oIoglcal 
Services, faci~tators. Meets WI the Mt VIeW Lounge 0' Thjrd COllege Students wtD would Nke more 
Informatlon can call either Phil at 452-3035 or 

~Ie at 452-3755, otherwise ~ can ~st 
show up at the meetings 
WllDNIIMV 
••• 0100 _ - Re-Entry Students' SUpport 
Group - This group IS deslQf1ed for re-entry men 
and \I\IOO1en undergraduate students to have the 
opportunrty to share concerns related to the" 
transruon fltO the academiC world The group 
prCNiCles a way to make contact IIIIIth other older 

March 5, 1984 7 

n.lDAV 
- I..ag:)'s week~ Social Hour A very II1formai 

garherlng at UCO's I.esIJIan & ~ COfI1fTlJnity A 
great place to meet chef gay people WI a 
combtable atmosphere Call b more II1fo 452-
6969 In TCHB 141 
WU'INaOAV 
....... .... - ~age Tables E~ 
W~ at the lievefle South 0Ining Halt C~ 
and cormrse 111 SpanIsh. French. German rn a 
relilJCed atmosphere over dinner Quasl-

~/nar~ speakers flterested in partlCIpiItIflg 
can have Climer prcMded - call 45S-0157 Ibr 
further IIlfo 

students III a carrng enwonment led Ily MIriam 
IosupovlCl and Chris Osterloh. Meets ", HL 1003 
Students sll:luld call Becca at 452-3755 to SIgrl up 
Offered ~ Psychological SeNces 

~1OO-41OO ,... - Balanci1g Career iW1d Famlo/ 
Roles - This IS part four of the workshop senes for 
SUccessful C¥eer Development for Women It WIll 
focus on the skJlls and c:hoices thilt enalIIe partners 
to Clevetop relationships wHch nurture the needs 0' IlOth personal and professional growth 
asaJSSIOn will concentrate on actlieIIing a balance 
ofsupporc br each person's C¥~ andwrninduCle 
such ¥eas as managIflg the household needs. JOInt 
control at the finances, ClecJding whether and! or 
whI!n III have dlilaen and the value of 
ITIiIIr1Carning ac:kttlonaI ~ r~ 
Partners ¥e enalUragOO to alMnd this workshop 
IDg!rher If possr~, to facilitate a direct sh¥ng of 
these concerns Attendance of both partners ls not 
required, howeII'er, and this workst'op IS open to 
all UCSO students. ~ed IlV Rochelle Bastien, 

Ph.D, & Dan Munoz, PhD, Psychological SeMces 
call 452-3 755 Ibr more rnfo, 
7100 ,... - ~ men's support group. If you ¥e 
gifj, o-sexual or questIOning your sexuality come 
and talk with friendly people fn TCHS 141 
THUIIIDAY 

... .... - CatholIC Mass Sponsored ~ the 
CatholIC Comrrunity at UCSO In the Ulwsny 
IJJtheran Churdl 
MONDAY 
,. ..... - Catholic Bible Stuay, Make rlPW 
<isctIIIeries and rlPW friends, Sponsored ~ the 
CatrollC Communrty at UCSD leader Tanm 
WInkler (45),49731 In the CatholIC Lounge at the 
U1ivers1ty lJuther iI1 CMen 

call Bev at 452-398 7 tJr nfo and sql up In the 
Watren College PrCM:lSt's Otrlce, 302 W ... ren 
Call1US 

11OO-JIOO ,... ~ Counseling Group for 
those ~ng from Eatng DIsorders (REO /I) 
The marn focus of ttis group IS to uarn sbJdents 
whO ate recDVerng from CIlIYllUIsNe eatrng habits, 
or bouts with eab'lg dIsorders III become ~ 
counselors T oprcs WIll nclude learnrng about 
V¥IOUS eatng protlIerns, Induding p/¥Ical and 
emotional aspects, Arter a periOd of trarrwlQ. group 
membr!rs WIll prOlliCle peer rounselng and 
educational services to other UCSO students, as 
we" as prOVide mutual support and 
encouragement Some funding may be iWiIllatlIe 
for peer COLnSefing. Offered ~ Bev HarJU, 
PsyClOlogrcal Servrces, Interested students stlould 

..mAY 

'liS ..... - ~s CrusadI! for Christ's ''Stucty 
Break" Take tine out Ibr CtTlstian 1el1owsnip, 
sngng and met TOf1i!11t's IDpIC Building 
Frier1cIst1ps1 All weIcorne In the Chancellors 
C~I/I-A 

'IOO-~" .... - Corrputer ConfuSIOn? Last 
C1lance br!fore Spring OUa1:er br UCSD COfTl>Uter 
onI!I1tatlQrl. .Jerry FItZSImmons WIll CDn<iJa an 
introduction to CiIf1llUS ~ faolltles and to 
the field of CIlIYllUDn9 Comr jolll us In the Multi-
Purpose Rm Bldg, A. Student Center, 2nd floor 
(alXJIIoe bungel iW1d t:Jrngyour unchl All wefcome 
Sponsored Ily RENU 

~ lJutheran CMch 

~Y 
.0100 _ - CatholIC Bible Stuay, leader .klhn 
Watren (481-B5051 Sponsored Ily the CattDllc 
Comrunlty at UCSO In the Lounge of the 

7IJO .... - "Are 'Itlu CathoHc But Don't Know 
Whyr A Catrollc Diswssion Group focusing on 
this week's topic. Sponsored ~ the Cattolic 
CorTYrunit;y at UCSO In the Lounge of the 
U'1iversIty lJutheril1 Churen 

.100-1100 pili - Enhanang Social Skills Group 
- Meet rrt:W friends. develop and Improve 
Interpersonal and SOCial skills tnrough 
presentatlon.ylCl practice In a friendly, supporove 
groupatrnospnere. LedIlyDr St~8ractyandBob 
IIIIfn of Psyct1oIogicaI SeMces Open to all UCSD 
men and \/\/Omen students wtD Identity with being 

~ CIr reser'oIed Me«s rn Hl 1003 Interested 
students please call StM! at 452-3 755 to s91 up 

MDNDDAV 
.... pM - l.iJtheran Community at UCSO hosts 
dinner, dessert and Bible stucty on I Connthians, 
open to all In the Lounge of the U'lI\lerSrty 
Wtheran Ouch 

It1rcugl Texrey Pines State P¥k WIth stops along 
the way to refIea on SatpCUre and our lives. And 
orne to recreate Cost S5 includes Unctt and dinner 
Sponsored ~ the catholic Student Coordinators 
Meets at lk1iYersity LutI1eran Ouch 

7IJO,... -lnterdenorrinatlonalAsh ~ 
seMce .ylCl film. "Dar~ D)<Ing." sponsored b¥ 
Wtheran, catholic and EplsaJpaI IYWltstrles at 
UCSD EIIt'I)'Orle \NeIcDme, In the chapel of the 
lil/IImlty Lutheril1 Churen 

fill pM - Cath:lIIC Mass Sponsored Ily the 
CathlIic COfl'lIIUlity at UCSO, In the Ullversny 
UJtheran Church. 
SUNDAY 

....... - Catholic BI~ ~ leader, Ellen 
Cillflo (272-57341 Sponsored ~ the Catholic 
Community at , UCSO, In the Lounge of the 
U1iIIersity lJutheran Church 
.1Il00,... - Canc:lelig"lt Mass Sponsored ~ the 

......... _ - Episcopal Churen IXIbrship 
Sen.tk:. ~ EucharIst and ParISh 1el1ows/'4>, 
Good s.rt.1tan Episa)paI ChUrch 4321 Eastgate 
Mall Across Genesee from east I!I1Cl of ~, 
north 0' 1.1 ~ VIllage Dr Intersectron of 
Eastgate Mall and ~, 
.... - - CatholIC Mass Sponsored Ily the 
CathlIic COtI'ImInity at UCSD In the U'lM!l'Slty 
WtheranChurch 
10100 _ - BillIe Stu~ "" Corinthi;rls:' led ~ 
Pasccr Jotn Huber, In the Lounge at the U'lM!l'Slty 
Wtheran Church 

•• 110 _ - CatholIC Mass. Sponsored Ily the 
CatholIC Comrrul1lty at UCSD In the Student 
Center, Bldg B, Lower Level 0IJice ot Religious 
Mairs 
••• _ • 7. .... - Lutheran IXIbrshlp 
sen.;ces open to all In the dlapeI of the U'll\lerslty 
lI.«her iI1 Churen 
4 .. pm - Catholic BIble Stu~ Leader Greg 
Rerter 1271-61121 Sponsored ~ the Catholic 
CDI'Imlnlty at UCSO In the OffIce at the Catrolic 
Lounge at the UlwSlty lutheran ChUrch 
IlOO pm - Catholic Mass Sponsored Ily the 
CatholIC Comrrunlty at UCSD In the UllverSrty 
Lutheril1 Church 
'100 pili - E plsalpal Student FellowsI1Ip Pr ¥'", 
song. olJle stuay, dlSoussron, refreslYnents, f\Jn, 
For no call 565-6661 
•• S ..... - Folk Mass Good Samaritan Ep/saJpaI 
Church 4321 Eastgatr Mall Acroo Genesee from 
east end of c:arIl'US rorth of La Jolla VIllage Dr at 
Eastgate and Genesee 

. , 
o • . ' ' . . .. 

CatrollC Coomunrty at UCSD In the Chapel at the 
UllllerSlty lutheran Church 
~DAY 
2100 ..... - CatroNc Bible Stuay Leader, Emma 
Lee CaprIO (272-57341 Sponsored Ily the Catrohc 
COrTYTlJrlIty at UCSD At the HUfTll at Murr (In ran 
Cloud's Restl 
........ - Thursday Night Ormer E'JO)' good 
food and good CDfTllany Sponsored Ily the 
catholIC Coomunrty at UCSO In the Lounge of the 
UllllerSlty luther an Church S2 
7110 pm - CatholIC BIble Stu~ Leader Mary 
B¥Q!f (294-28841 Sponsored ~ the CathOhC 
Commul1lty at UCSD In the Lounge 01 the 
UllllerSlty lutheran Church 
.... DAV 
''''145 _ - Prayers for Peace, All are 
welcome In the chapel ot the Ulws.ty Lutheran 
Church 
SAlUMIAV 
.0100 _ - Pllgl'lmage Re(reat JOIn us for a walk 

~Y 
1100 ,... - The Pr~Oentai Clib ~ every 
week III discuss upcoming e\IeI1ts Fi1d out if 
dentlStI)i IS for you lly)Oll1ng In dlsCUSSlOOS and 
actMtles In the Tnton Pub 
4cJO pm - I.esbril1 Rap Group This week's topic 
Will t:Je "Comrng Out - to Self, Fnl!l1cls iI1d 
Family" The group prOVides a supportIVe 
ennronment Ibr /esoans, bisexuals and women 

questlc:~rng their sexual ldenoty In the IXIbmen's 
Resource Center, 
........ - UCSD Sailing CUO IMII meet tonight 
In the pub to discuss f\Jwre sari trrps, All ate 
welcome to atl!l1Cl 
.... ,... - All student ¥e irMted to come he¥ 
tow others rum to God III dally life - In stuctylng 
for elCatT1S, soM1g personal problems. usrng 
splrrtual methocIs for healng In the Revelle 
Informal Lounge 
_DNIIDAY 
II. pm - The U1ron 01 .Jewish students Will br! 
rolding electron If you are I1terested please 
contact the WS offtce x3616 In the Revelle 
Informal Lounge 
THUIISDAY 
aoo _ .... pill - BlOerlQineerrng field ~I 
VIslts to Shiley, American EdIIv¥cIs. and lvac 
Corporatrons leiWe from p..-klng lot outside Urey 
Hall Sign up at UH 5229 
7100 ,... - , Yes there really Is a Q)nservatM! 
organIZatIOn on campusl C~ join the College 

~IJIICanS for our last meetng of the qu¥ler 
Our guest speaker, Shlf/ey VaIne, WIll talk about 
the battered women and children sl'eller hOme 
Ileng built In San DIego In AC lilA 



8 Marc h 5. 198~ 
'FWS 

~-..; ~ -~ <." " • 

Workshops for 
career-bound women 

By ELLEN ARTHUR 
"Strategies for Successful Career 

Development for Women" is the name 
of the workshop series, going on right 
now, designed to help women with 
balancing career and family roles, 
improving self-confidence and sening 
goals. The workshops are offered by 
members of the Psychological Services 
who want to reach out and help women 
on this campus. 

The next rwo workshops in the ~ries. 
are: "Issues for Single Women in College 
and Career," which will be held on 
March 5 at Third College in the 
Mountainview Lounge from 12:)0 to 
1 :45 pm; and "Balancing Career and 
Family Roles," which will be held on 
March 7 at the Revelle Formal Lounge 
from 2 to 4 pm. 

"When we offered these workshops 
laSl year, they were very successful ," said 
Lori Kolt , who is responsible for stalting 
them. 'There was a lot of positive 
energy berween speakers and students. 
Some left with confidence in their 
ability to succeed, while others left with 
plans for their personal and career 
goals." 

"Issues for Single Women in College 
and Careers," by Tamlie Porter, IS fo r 
single women who are going to college 
and pursuing careers. "For a Single 
woman , it is necessary to juggle several 
roles," said Poner. "This balancmg act 
includes managing a career. 

relatlonshlps. play and taking care 01 
self: Porter will talk about what it is like 
to be a single in a "couples" world . and 
what it will be like making the transition 
from student to professional life or 
graduate student life. "I will share my 
experiences about graduate school and 
developing a professional career, and I 
will encourage workshop participants to 
share their experiences as well." 

"Balancing Career and Family Roles." 
by Rochelle BaSlien and Daniel G. 
Munoz, is not for women only. Basden 
and Munoz will talk about "couple" 
issues, such as choices related to work. 
maternity, marriage, sex, and managing 
a home. "There is no easy solution co 
the problems dual career couples face . 
Traditionally, it was the women who 
always gave suppon to the men in their 
careers," said BaSlien. "But now, how do 
rwo people give each other suppon. and 
is that suppon possible? We don 't know 
yet ." 

There are four workshops that make 
up the series. Two are being given this 
week, and rwo were given laSl week. 
"Self-Esteem and Career-Centered 
Women" was one of the workshops 
given last week. This workshop, given 
by Lori Kolt, anracted a cross section of 
students from the campus. One woman 
was a graduate student in the final 
Slages of completing her PhD m 
Mathematics, while another was an 

IF YOU'RE INTO PIZZA, BEER AND BIG MACS 
YOU'RE PROBABLY OUT OF SHAPE 

If thiS IS your lifestyle, YOU 're more 
than likely carrying around the 
"'FRESHMAN 10."' 
10 exu a pounds of faU 
... and no body wants that. 
So you'reo bf'glrnng to k>ok IIkt' a ham-
burgerI Now IS t~ t lfJlt to start your pnys-
teat flt~s program at Jack u.LMnt 's And 
wr:~ rn.Jdto II rtal ~",sy on your budget 

SPECIAl STUDENT 
DISCOUNT 

Just'99. 
for one full ye., membenhlp. 
Regular ,,.erose and good d'et help' you lose we'ght 
and feel good Nautilus ,n many locations, IleroolCs to 
musIC. free w eights. sWImming pools, steam, whrrlP<X>'s 
and saunas. dresSIng rooms With prlva(e lockers, and 
cosmetic makeup consultation are JUSt ~ of the 
amenities ava,laOle to you at Jack LaLanne's 

So Join toUr· 
S99. for _ full p_. 

Ttu!t '. 66% off the regular 
pr'ce' Must b< 18 '" _, 

aun ANAH[I.¥ Cl Alnf MONT AND 'hI ST (0111"'0' HI AI TH 
AND ffA( QUE T (lUH\ NOW Fl ATunf nA.{ Out lHAll 

. " ........ - ,....... 
!l1O [M! (oIor..oo 11M2 

.1'-..-...... ," 
14UO (,""H<,"~ 
........ -.. ,. .. 

. ='=:~'lm 
.,'Of) .--, .... 10" ......... 1Vt 
.......... - ......... 

i'WJl Wf'\I MMI J'wtoo'Ur 
.... -.-...- .... .... 

100 Vo/f' \ ! ~..IIof~ l ... \f' 
. ~.,..-.., .. ..,. 
.,. J .... ) "-'1t" W' 1,. It'd 

.... , ... -,,...,,. 
/]j} c, HdwtIlClf'If' 1M:! 

'~:~ 
·V_ ...... _"'·'" • I lji v..., Nv1\ IiIIwI 
' .... c.......- ...... 
!(lIb \lint (OVIO." " . ...... 

. .... c---. - ....... , 

="(~~ 
. -~ ..... , 
• I ....... , 
".", \;.,oIIry"'~ ~,"t'1 

.o..e. VIILI_..,...." 
JI'J/(J~ 

· ' ........ _ " .... N ~(I ..... f'f"O"ICOI_ 
.., c..-- '"-8U1 

I J) 100Mtw,..,-
'~~~~_IU.'UI 
.............. -,....." 
1100 l)rW\IfIwt r 

Other priors prrw.' • 
_ERlCAN HEIIlTH 

& FITNESS SPAS. 

..... , ..................... rp.. SPECIAl STUDENT DISCOUNT 
AU OUT THIS COUPON TODAY. 
T ME IT TO THE S~I\ OF YOUII CHOICE. 

C,,>, 

MolK(' ch«ks ~.tbIe' to ) .1(1( l~1.¥w1C' s 
£nctmrCl IIfld Chfo(k/~y OrOtt IOf 

'99. fot' one full year. 

For spouse informallOO. contact ~ spa nearest you. For tur~r In/ormation 
caft 2131861-0708. In San Diego call 6191276-9233. 

undergraduate freshman with an 
undeclared major. The mathematician 
said, "I have discovered that some do 
not want women in math: An engineer 
added , "It's not the men I have trouble 
with; it's their wives that I have trouble 
with at the company parties." These arc 
only a few of the problems of which the 
partici pantS spoke. 

After dIscussing careers, role models 
and current books on this issue, self-
esteem was discussed . There are 
warning signs for low self-cSleem, such 
as "the Monday morning blues," 
procraSlination and shyness. There are 
ways to build your self-eSleem by 
changing your diet, keeping a diary of 

Science Park 
continued from p<IIlt 5 
credit this to the abiliry to attract top-
Dight faculty members. In a Door 
slluemenl to the House of 
Representatives, Congressman Bill 
Lowery assened that, "Faculty will have 
the opponunity to work direcdy with 
private-sector researchers on the cutting-
edge of new scientific technology and 
transfer their knowledge to the 
classroom ." 

UCSD faculty members who served 
on the SRP Advisory Committee were 
positive about this aspect of the project. 
EE/ CS professor WiUiam Chang said he 
thought it was a good idea, and Scripps 
Institution of Oceanography's Institute of 
Geophysics and Planetary Physics 
professor J Freeman Gilbert echoed that 
it was a "good thing to do," adding that 
he felt it affords an opponunity to effect 
transfer from academia to the public, 
essentially "making functional" the 

only good events that happen to you 
and seekmg the help of friends and 
suppOrt groups when you need someone 
to talk to. 

At the end of the meeting. a support 
group that Kolt runs. called "Women 
and Career ldenmy," was mentioned for 
women who need to talk about their 
problems in work . school or family. The 
weekly group meelS every Tuesday from 
) to 4 pm. An)lone who attends the 
workshops and has questions, or those 
who would like to discuss their own 
ideas or concerns are welcome to call 
Lori Kolt at 452-)755 for more 
information about this support group. 

research done in the classroom. 
Professor Gilbert also said he was 
hopeful about the employment 
opportunities for studenlS and the 
posSibility for a work/ study arrangement 
and hands-on experience. He also 
noted that private and academic 
researchers could be brought together in 
many fields aside from electronics, 
including SOCiology, psychology, 
econometrics and psychometricS. 

The only thing the SRP seems to be 
lacking is a dissenting faction, but the 
road to ilS completion is rrecipilOuS 
and littered with potentia obSlac1es, ''I'm 
hesitant to say it's a green light," admits 
Collums .. Firm recommendations are still 
pending from Coopers and Lybrand , 
Navy and UC lawyers are still engaged 
in a red tape jamboree and the basic 
assumptions behmd the project must 
withstand a few more tests. 

IBM Selectric II 
Typewriters 

FOR SALE 

$65000 
limited Supply • Used 

UNlVERSlfY BOOI(STORE 
Computer Calter / I!Ieclroalc. Dept. 

452·4291 

Triton basketball goes nowhere in a hurry 
By MIKE GREENBERG 

BIOL'.- By vinue of their 96,(;8 
trOUncing of UCSD in lasr Saturday's 
first-round playoff game, Howard Lyons' 
Biola Eagles will advance to the NAJA 
semifinals tomonuw niailt against 
Southem Califomia eofiege at Whittier 
Arena (the 6 pm conteS! precedes the 8 
pm showdown berween Westmont and 
Cal Bliptist). Meanwhile, the Tritons will 
begin to concentrate on their upcoming 
finals, a trend most UCSD followers are 
accustomed to by now. 

Afterwards, the losers made no 
excuses. In fact, many of the Tritons 
admitted they were "relieved" that the 
season had finaly come to a close. As 
the 841 in attendance syphoned 
through the exilS of Chase Gymnasium, 
UCSD head coach Tom Marshan srood 
in the middle of the floor in surprisingly 
good spirilS. "Biola is a very good team 
that is coached extremely well," said 
Marshall. "They were ready from the 
beginning and we were not. I wish I 
could have kept it closer, but they were 
the better team." 

Biola demonstrated ilS dominance six 
minutes into the ballgame by running 
off 12 unanswered poi nlS to take a 20-8 
lead. By halftime the margin had 
ballooned to 16, 35-19, mostly due to a 
pressuring 2-) match-up zone that 
harassed the Tritons into shooting only 
28% from the field . In contraSl, the 
Eagles hit 52% in the first stanza and 
59% for the game. "They play a very 
intense defense ," said reserve guard 
Randy Bennen. "They pressure you once 
you reach half-court and force you into 
many turnovers. Look how many we 
had in the first half (12). Their coach 
prepared them weU." 

Biola's match-up zone forced the 
Tritons to extend their half-court offense 
farther from the basket than they had 
wanted to. Instead of running their 
motion offense, in which a guard or 
weakside forward runs off a pick to 
shoot a 17 -footer, the Tritons were 
attempting their shols from the 22-foot 
range. Consequently, many would-be 
baskelS became air balls and eventual 
Biola fast-break lay-ups on the other 
end. "We couldn't find a way to beat 
that defense," said point guard Brandon 
Nixon. "They were on me as soon as I 
reached half court. We were starting our 

NAVY NUCLEAR' 
ENGINEERING 

any better offers? $24,000 
to $54,000 after 6 years. 
If you are 19 to 26 years 
of age majoring in math, 

chemistry, physics or 
engineering and would 
like to learn more about 

this opportunity 

. CALL 
COLLECT 
(619) 

293·6746 
Call between the hours of 9 
am to 5 pm, Mon. thru Wed. 

offense too far out !from the basketl . 
They were really psyched up and ready 
to play. They have some talent and a 
real good coach who prepares them 
well." 

In their game with sec three weeks 
ago, the Tritons had come out in the 
second half prepared to erase a 1 7 -
point halftime deficit - and ahnost did 
just that. This time, however, the Eagles 
were the ones who came out of the 
locker room more determined than ever 
to blow the game wide open. With a 12-
2 spurt led by aD-league forward Scott 
Havrisik's four inside jumpers, Biola had 

ilS biggest lead of the night. 51-23. 
Marshall then caned timeout, and 

whatever pride the Tritons had left was 
brought out in the ensuing four minutes. 
Employing a tenacious full-court press, 
UCSD forced the Eagles into five 
turnovers and rrtany ill-advised jumpers. 
Slowly but surely the Tritons trimmed 
Biola's huge advantage, and when Randy 
Bennett completed his second three-
point play of the game, the lead was 
down to 15 at 57-42 with ten minutes 
remaining. 

It was now Biola's tum to regroup. 
When the 6O-secoad timeout expired. 

Do it in Comfort! 

With earphones to listen to your favorite music. 
nitrous oxide to relax. and a 10% discount with your 
UCSD J.D, card University Towne Dental Group will 

help brighten your smile for the new year in comfort. 

UD1wrsttr T01rM Dental Group 
University Towne Centre 
4525 La Jolla Village Dr. 

453-2070 

the Eagles came out.~nd performed as 
they had before intermission, executing 
their offense with the preciSion of a 
diamond cutter. Numerous crisp passes 
threaded the Triton press for a variety 
of flamboyant lay-ups, and UCSD was 
destined for a quiet ride home as the 
lead inflated once again to 28. 

With six minutes left in regulation, 
the boisterous crowd was already 
chanting, "We want sec," Biola's 
semifinal opponent tomorrow night. As 
the Eagles' lay-ups became more and 
more repetitious, one could sense that 

pltast lum 10 page 16 

Deok.perera 
THE WOBlD'S tlf?NEY EXPERTS 
and COUNCIL TRAVEL 

present: 
Inde~ndent Trovel 

Through Eu~ 
Leam Abour 1he Basics: 
- Foreign Currency 
- Rights - Or'irrail 
- Euroil - Travel Gear 
- Inremotionol Srudenr 10 Cards 
- Yourh Hostels 
- Budger Accommodations 
- Travel Uterature 

and much more! 
Atfe.nd our ~ Seminar on 

MAAOi 12. 19&1. ~:OO-7:00 pm 
NOfIh Com.r.nc. Room 
~ will be 5eM!d. I\SWby phc:Ine 

452·06.:l0 or walk in. 
D!ook-~ specializes 10 metoIt<X>ir6. 

bullion (, centfIcoIes. 
lk1M!niIy Ta..om. (er,rre, P-4, Lo Jolla, CA 



.. ' 

10 Maid, 5, 11J8~ 
SPORTS . 

'. . ~ .~~.~. . ~ .~ , " ... . .' , ~ 

Sometimes it's more than just a game .... 
By IAN LANGDON 

"I gOt a foul on you, number 12!" 
whistled the referee. Indeed, number 12 
had fouled me. He pushed me three 
rows deep into the crowd thaI hovered 
around lhe baskelball coun. "We'll take 
twO shms down here ," the referee yelled 
at the scorekeeper. Seven seconds 
remained on the clock. The score was 
64-63 ... we trailed . I Will never forgel 
that score. 

We were playing for the league title 

against a powerhouse WOOSler team -
our archnvals. The game had to be 
moved to lhe nearby junior coUege in 
order to accommodate the 3,000 fans 
who wanted to altend . The gym stands 
literally shook throughout the whole 
game as the fans screamed and stomped 
for their team to win. 

I was a seldom-used , backup pOint 
guard who felt safe and secure on the 
bench. The guy playing ahead of me 

SAN DIEGO'S 
BEST-KEPT SECRET 

Galiiornia Western 
School of Law 

~ ; ... ~ t . : ,,-.... 0111 c.·· 
• nationally accredited by the American Bar 

Association since 1962 
• member of the Association of American 

Law Schools 
• distinguished fulJ-time faculty 
• innovative educational program 
Please Send Me Your Latest Bulletin: 

Name 

Address 

Undergraduate School 

Mail ttl: ~1I'T1ia ~'ilm1 ~"" oi Ld" 
350 Cedar Street 
San Diego, CA 92J01- (619) 239-0391 

was much quicker and could handle Ihe 
ball with precision and ease. My place 
was 10 come in and mop up after we 
were ahead by 30 points. Just being on 
Ihe team was enough for me. 

But seven seconds remained, and 
here I was, carefuUy placing my feet on 
the free throw line. I could either win it, 
lie il or lose it. My coach yeUed at me 
from the sidelines. "Just relax and follow 
Ihrough." An opposing player walked up 
behind me ~nd whispered firmly, ·'Miss 
II , mothcr.. .. 

One of the referees was stili arguing 
wnh the rival coach about why he caUed 
an Intentional foul , whIch automatlcally 
gave me two free throws Instead of a 
one-and-one situation. 

FinaUy, he came out on the coun and 
sald. "Gentlemen, we 're shooting twO -
hold your positions." I hen he handed 
me the bJll The place exploded, a 
opposing fans made as much noise as 
possible In an attempt to unnerve me. 

The baU telt incredibly foreign to me 
as I bounced it once, twice and a third 
time. AU of a sudden, I saw the ball 
heading for the basket, only to glance 
off the back of the rim. I was senseless, 
as the opposing coach caUed a timeout. 

One more shot remained as I headed 
lor a place on the bench. Now I could 
either tie the game or lose it. 

Our school had enjoyed year.; of 
prominence on the b.lsketball coun. Our 
gymnasium was adorned with several 
league hamplOnship banners, and with 
them came a sense of loyalty and a 
responsibility to uphold thc honor of 
being on this team. I was proud to be 
on this learn . 

I sat there on the bench, speechless 
and motionless, as coaches and 
teammates attempted to console and 
mOlLvate mc lor the fina~ free throw. The 
cheerleaders chanted, the crowd stood 
on its feet, buzzing With excitemem and 
here 1 sat. 

Just relax and stay loose ," my coach 

said 10 me. I felt aU the eyes on me. The 
noise level on the first free throw had 
stunned me, and my coach tried to 
prepare me for the second one. "Just 
hone in on the baskel, do not look at 
anything else, just relax," he repeated. 

The buzzer sounded for the teams to 
come back out on the court. I gOt up 
and looked across the court at my dad, 
who had both fists clenched and was 
looking upward . He was praying. 

I walked to the line and practiced my 
shooting motion . The noise level wem 
up as the referee walked lowards me 
wilh the bJlI. He looked more petrified 
Ihan I did 

"Okay, gentlemen, we've gOt one shot, 
pia)' It when It hits ," screamed the 
referee. I wiped my hands repetitively 
on the Sides of my shons. The referee 
gave me a look of desperatlon as he 
handed me the bau. 

I again bounced the baU three times 
as my senses absorbed the pounding 
and screaming. God, how I hOIXd the 
ball would go in. The year.; of practice 
in Ihe backyard would hopefuUy pay 
off ... . 

The reponer walked up to me. I had 
nOticed him before, talking to the studs 
on the team. I had envisioned myself 
answering question after question and 
then reading about it the next day. But 
this time, he came towards me asking 
how I felt. '·Not tOO great: I answered. 

I had missed the shot. I stood there 
ina daze, oblivious to the fact that 
seconds sull remained in the game. I 
buried my head deeper and deeper into 
my warmup Jacket. Person after person 
came by and olTered their condolences, 
but it only made me feel worse. I 
couldn't face anyone. I went in the 
locker room and changed into my 
clothes without showenng. Then I 
walked and walked for hours, 
bewildered by my situation. Then my 
dad came out 01 nowhere and gemly 
put his arm around me and said , "Let's 
go home, son." 

PROPHET PRODUCTIONS PRESENTS 

DIRECt' FROM JAMAICA 
REGGAEWlTH 

EEK·A· 
MOUSE 
KING OF SING/JAY 

AND HIS BAND CALABASH 

FRIDAY, MAR. 9 
CLUB REGGAE 

CARPENTERS HALL 
24TH & BROADWAY 

8PM 
5750 ADVANCE 

$850 AT THE DOOR 
ALL AGES WELCOME 

TIC ~~r~, nvu.I' Ible 01 
i· rIf'(j VII: Y; r, "T1 0 11 ThO "~Qld 

I:""fl<:"(' I'lz;rl H.. i nrorc 1,'-"cCJld:t 
\'.rl\ l ['1(>n~ ... :1 I .J'" 5 t ... t>co rd<: " fl{"lnIIO,\' 

:"II H,n pt 'f l~ In. IAIQtII\C Af"l)cn 
~, j -J' t o(,Jlllld Ttw I ptlf>1 r.(l~IOUIUIII 

INFO, 283·1566 OR 239·5139 
SOON COME: YELLOWMAN MARCH 23------. 

LISTEN TO REGGAE NAKOSSA. SUNDAYS AT 9 PM ON PIX FOR DETAILS 

r-'SOFT CONTACT LENSES-" 
I 
I '89 Daily Wear Soft ., 59 Extended Wear Soft 
I Complete. Complete 
: reg $169 & up (0,-T Lenses) reg HOO & up (Bausch & Lomb) 
I Complete Includes: Eye Exam, Fitting, Follow-up Visits, Care-Kit 
: " we're not the lowest. tell us who Is' Offer good with coupon through 3/15. 1984, 

I Dr. Steven Grossman Optometry 481-2277 
I 243 No Hwy. 101 (The Boardwalk) OPEN 
I SUIte 8, Solana Beach Monday-Friday, 11-6 

~- ________________________________ J 

UCSD's mrn 's ttnnis leam /OSI 10 Dillision Ill's top-ran/ted leam, Ihe Univtl'Sily of Redlands. 
on Saturday on the Muir Courts. The ovemll score of lhe match was 7-2, but seven of Ihe 
nine games went to thrte stts; oj thost stvtn, UCSD won only one. The Tritons will get a 
stcond chance against Redlands in two wedls; in the meantime. their next opponrnt is Boston 
UnivmUy, this Thursday a( 3 pm 0" the Muir Courts. 

AU. YOU CAN EAn ~ $210 -~ 
Mondays: 3:00 p.m, tiD close ~ 

------------------------------------UCSD SpecIal 
fREE Pitcher of Beer with any large Pizza 

with this ad 
------------------------------------Open for Breakfast at 7:00 am 

Phone .Ahead: 452-0661 AI Items Available to Gol 
5 minutes from the UCSD carnptlS 

KITCHEN 

NOW HIRIN G---=-I:II:II.:SI:III 
Revelle Resident Advisms 

So, you think you want to be an RA? Revelle College is 
looking for 22 energetic men and women to serve as 

Resident Advisors in the Residence Halls and Apartments 
for the 1984..85 Academic Year. 

Pick up referrals for one or both positions at the 
Student Employment Office. 

Applications due March 23. 
.............................................................. 

WHAT'S THE 
DIFf=ERENCEl 
The difference: A Written 

Guarantee. We have swdent 
disc9Un.ts. afld ewning houl'S, 

jllst like many other shops. But, 
unlike others, we back up all our 

work in writing. If, after we've cut. 
permed. Of colored ~r hair. you're 
not completely~, call us within 

M!VeJl days. We'll redo your hair at no 
extril charge. That's a big difference. 

9AM to 9PM Mon . • Tues . • Wed . • Thurs. 
gAM to ,.PM Fri . • gAM to 6i1M SOtI. 

. , 

La Jolla Village Convenience Center 
Next to Ralphs and Sav-On 

457-3334 

February 
Mam Barreca 
6-7 Jaalor Poiwanl 

UCSD Ma'. BaaatbalI Team 

_r 

MARK BARRECA has been selected as February's UCSD/Bud\l.tleiser 
Athlete of the Month as well he should, BarNca. the Triton's ftne pmwr 
forward from Anaheim had a tremendous month of February while leadlng 
the Tritons to four solid wins and puttinQ them back on the road to 
basketball respectability in Southem Caifomia's touch NAJA District 3 
competition. 

Mark's month to remember was impressive to say the least as he 
averaged 15.1 points to go along with an outstanding 10.3 rebounds per 
game. In his best performance to date against league·leading Southem 
California eou., Mark scored a personal high of 24 points on 12-£or-15 
shoolinQ. hauled in 13 boards and pla~ superb defense on seC's best 
forward, 

Barreca's 57.2% add goa1 shooting percentaQe for the month (47-fOr-83) 
helped raise his season scortna average to 13 points a game and has been 
one the most torrid shooting sprees in recent Triton basketball memory. 

Coach Tom Marshall has been ecstatic CHef Mark's solid improwmentat 
the pmwr forward position this year. "Mark has performed ~r and above 
everythinQ I have asked him to do this ~ar. He has dedicated himself to 
becoming the best possible player he can become and his hard work Is 
really be~Q to show up on the court. Next yur. he really should ~ fun 



Get With It!!! 

The UCSO Soaring Club is going to be flying at Torrey Pines 
Gliderport (right across from school) beginning Saturday, March 24 
;Saturday of finals week.) Introductory rides are available for $8 (i.e. 
CHEAP!) If you have always wanted to give it a try, this will be an ideal 
time. For more information, call Alan at 566-7405 and watch for 
future ads. Pull Your Head Out! 

LING" 

-II" NEED ~ R'DE ? C~u.. "T"E ,,1'S" OFFICE 
@ 1':J2 - 201'iJ oR L~ ~ 1':JS -~ _ WE. 
WILL BE a.EAV,N& tAAMt>Ev'LLE ~ 

~ 1 PN\ . ':JEE YO,", ~,",£RE !~ 

t~A)N'50REt> M : K>\aM/PPtCl~t(. "31Uo£1I1'" AU'~ 
Give ASIO a chance to help your career 

UCSD students, don't miss this chance! Put your knowledge to 
work th rough the Associated Students Internshop Office (ASIO) 
intern hips. Employers hire expe rienced applicants first, and it's up 
to you to get that ex perience. Come to our offi ce, located above the 
gameroom in the Student Center, or call x4689, before it's too late! 
Our newest internships are with Public afety Educators (SO), 
Brumark Corp., California State Senate Fellowshop , Landes and 
Associates (SO), etc ., etc., etc . .. 

Video, Video and more Video 
A FREE Video extravaganza in the Pub, March 14, 5:30 pm sharp , 

featu nng a half hour Echo and the Bunnymen video, plus 
undergraduate Video an, and Bern ie Allen , performance anist, 
sponsored by KSOT and Art for Alternative paces. Ooor prizes 
include Echo alb um , posters and a grand prIZe of an Echo video. 
Call Chris or Jill at 452-1673 tor mnrc Inlorm.ltlOI1 

Attention: Friday, March 9 is the lAST 
DAY to purchase you Winter Quarter 
subscription of typed, organized 
ASUCSD Lecture Notes! 

Bio 1 Price $9.00 
Bio 2 Adest $9.00 
Bio 19 Strause $9.00 
Bio 106 Geiduschek $10.00 
Bio 155 Harris $10.00 
Chern 6B Keams $9.00 
Chern 140B Goodman $10.00 
EElCS SOB Lugannani $9.00 
Econ 1B Smith $9.00 
Econ 100B Guasch $10.00 

You will receive all bach issues. Be prepared for 
finals! Open Mon-Fn: 9-3 Located across from 
the Food Coop. 452-6238. 
If you are interested in being a notetaker for next quarter, come 
by and put in your application now! 

SAM Members: 
Elections are approaching! 

Thursday, March 8 
Letters of intent are due Monday, March 5. 

Call 452-4SAM for more information. 

Get involved in the SCUBA Club! 
Wednesday, March 7 at 8 pm. SCUBA Club meeting in the Rec. 

Gym Conf. Room . New members are welcome!Join us for some great 
slide shows and presentations of the underwater zone. Dive gear will 
be raffled ! come and share your diving stories and meet other with 
"bubbles on the brain ." 

Peel Yourself 
Off the Paventent! 

Think about AS Elections. 
Filing begins March 12. 

Graduating? 
CAREER 

POSITIONS 
With CalPIRG 

in organizing! consumer advocacy 

InteIViews: Thurs., March 8 
Sign up at Career Planning and Placement 

International Women's Week 
From 10:2 pm every day this week the UCSD Women's Resource 
Center is celebrating International Women's Week There will be 
films , speakers, discussions, exhibits, music, performance artists 
and refreshments. For a list of events please call the WRC at 452-
2023. 

THE Dance this Friday 
'The Dance" an event sponsored by UCSD's Coops and 

enterprises will be held Friday, March 9 at 9 pm in the Revelle Cafe. 
Dancing to KSDT's Dj. Unit. Music Videos. Food and prizes and 
more. Only one dollar. 

AS and Studeat Orgs 
Business OfBce 

(Nora and Josie) 
NEW HOURS: 
Closed Monday 

Tuesday-Friday, 8-4:30 

President's Message 
I am wnung in regards to the Feb . 27 AS Forum that was 

authorized by Coops and Enterprises. I have talked to many students 
at dinner in cafeterias, in meetings, and JUSt around campus and they 
feel the statements made were contrary to their beliefs. 

What should the student center be? A central area on campus that 
can provide services, promote social interaction between students, 
staff. and faculty, and facilitate a wide variety of entertainment and 
programming. In these ways, the student center can improve student 
life for commuters and campus residents. Currently there is a 
campus committee working on the planning and building of such a 
faCility. 

Some believe that our current student center is adequate. If UCSD 
is the only campus they have attended , they have nothing to 
compare it with. I have been to other campuses and I have realized 
that this campus is lacking the most important building for creating a 
diverse university life. We cannot let this opportunity slip through 
our hands as this is probably the last time we will be faced with a 
chance to become an integral part of such an important campus 
facility. Whatever this committee decides will affect generations of 
students for years to come. 

I encourage anyone who is interested to join the process. The 
Coops and enterprises are becoming a special interest group 
attempting to dominate the process of the student center advisory 
committee. They feel that inviting corporations into the student 
center to extract profit is not in the best interest of the students. This 
is denying the students of on-campus automated tellers, comercial 
fast food shops, and even convenience stores. These entities were 
requested by students through surveys, etc., so it must be in their best 
interest. 

As to the AS incorporating, there is no other UC Associated 
Students that are incorporated and there never will be. We should 
strive toward autonomy, but remeber, the AS is only seven years old 
and must walk before it can run. 

In regards to ownership, the regents will always own any student 
center on campus by their nature. 

Funding is the bottom line of the student center's construction. C 
&: E seems to think that when the regents made out like bandits of 
the interest from the loan. Although I'm not pleased with the loan, we 
must realize that interest is not profit, but rather the cost of money. 
ObViously, we must expect to pay more than we borrowed. 

Funding will be partially paid by outside donations. I realize that 
certain types of monies might be offensive and should not be 
accepted, i.e . military industries. If others, like fast food chains , offer 
donations we should accept them, and not look a gift horse in the 
mouth. 

Lastly, we should address the name, "university center" as 
opposed to "student center." If this facility is going to benefit the 
entire campus, the name should represent everyone utilizing it, i.e. 
"university center." If some students are willing to cling to the name 
"student center" at the expense of not having a facility, I wonder if 
they are willing to divid the rest of the campus into faculty, staff and 
student areas? 

This is it gang. We have the opportunity right now in our hands. If 
we don't take the time to somehow get involved , we run the risk of 
speCial interest groups dominating the process, and creati ng 
something we really didn't want. 

Thank you for your time. I'm always open for input or suggestions. 
AS Always, 
Craig Lee 



... 

14 Man h 5 198~ 
SPORTS 

. . ,. , . , 

Golf 
continued from page 9 

In pre-season polls. the team was 
ranked 12th in the nation in Division 
III. With this victory in the prestigious 
SCIC Tournament, Wydra claimed, "This 
win should get us ranked in the top five 
of the country." And the team can only 
get better. 

"I have a guy named Byron Hay who 
can really shoot some low scores for us. 
He wiD become eligible next quarter." 
said Wydra. Hay, out of St. Paul, 
Minnesota , will definitely tum the golf 
team into a legitimate contender for the 
national crown. 

Led by three-time All-American Bruce 
Nakamura, the team has developed a 101 
more depth this season than in recent 
years. Nakamura is on the brink of 

. becoming the first four-time A11-
American in Division III golf history. As 
a freshma n. he fi nished fifth in the 
nation at Pinehurst, North Carolina. Anc1 
this year he is pla)~ng better than ever. 

Wydra can not say enough about 

Nakamura. "If Bruce is not given the 
Athlete of the Year award by the Athletic 
Department this year, then I will 
personally pour gasoline over my body 
and set mysel f on fire in the Main 
Gym." joked Wydra. 

Nakamura is certainly the class of the 
team. but the player of the week is 
junior Mike Olaughlin. His 149 total 
was only four strokes off the leader. In 
fact. his 73 was two strokes beuer than 
hIS previous-best _competitive round. "I 
just made every putt I had within ten 
feet. and it helped that 1 birdied three 
of the four par-fives," said an ecstatic 
Olaughlin. 

A virtual newcomer to the game, 
Olaughlin has. under the direction of 
his coach . turned into a solid player. 
"O'Laughlin is a product of the golf 
classes we once had here ," commented 
Wydra, who hopes that the classes will 
be continued at UCSD. since without 
them he has no way of tapping the 
potential of some unknoWn golfers In 
the student body. 

Wydra is well-known throughout San 

AITENTION! 
Present and Potential 
Law & Society Minors 
Law and Society is an interdisciplinary minor. 

In it you examine the role of the legal system and 
specific legal issues from the perspectives of 
political science, history and philosophy. You can 
then apply the theory in a legal or governmental 
internship through the Academic Internship 
Program. 

"Introduction to Law & Society" 
This required course will be offered Spring 

Quarter 1984 by Dr. Peter Irons. The focus will be 
on the process of law - how legal rules both reflect 
and shape basic social values and their relation to 
social, political, and economic conflicts within 
society. 

"Contemporary Legalls8ues" 
This required concluding course will be offered 

Spring Quarter 1985 by Dr. Peter Irons and special 
guest lecturers. 

For more information contact the 
ACADEMIC INTERNSHIP PROGRAM 

at 406 Warren Campus 
(across from the Bookstore) 
or your academic advisor. 

Diego as one of the top playing 
professionals as weD as one of the best 
teachers of the game. He was an A11-
American golfer at UCSD before 
graduating in 1975. and just recendy 
finished fourth in the Golden State Pro 
Tournament held atJack Nicklaus' Bear 
Creek Golf Course . His plans for the 
future lie in attempting to qualify for the 
US Open and . more importantly. the 
PGA Tour. 

But right now he is involved with this 
team. "In the past we were lucky just to 
have enough players to play in a 
match ." said Wydra. "Now we have 
several players competing each week to 
see who gets to play in the matches." 

The team is looking forward to 
playing some great courses this year. 
including the Bel Air and Los Angeles 
Country Club courses. The Tritons hope 
to be competing in both the NCAA 
Championships in Syracuse, New York , 
and the NAJA Tournament in Saginau. 
Michigan. 

"This is probably the last year that 
UCSD will be able to compete in both 

Business and 
Technical Majors 
Highly responsible positions 
for college seniors and 
graduates (through age 34) in 
financial and logistic support. 
The Navy Supply Corps needs 
highly qualified, dynamic 
individuals to lead and 
manage large inventory and 
financial networks. Salary 
$18,500 to start, $34,000 after 
4 years. Excellent benefits 
package. Need BAIBS, U.S. 
citizenship. Call Naval 
Management Programs, 293-
6746, 8 am . 4 pm , Monday 
through Wednesday. 

championships, so we hope to make the 
most of it ," explained Wydra. 

"With the mclusion of Pat Weishan 
and SheH Wheeler. we are going to be a 
tough team to beat," he added. With 
returnees O'Laughlin, Nakamura and 
Rick Graber, not to mention the soon-
eligible Byron Hay, UCSD is on the 
verge of a wild year. 
sac TOURNAMENT SCORES 

UCSD ..........•..••..•.... 611 
USD ....••••.•.••.•••.•..•• 621 
Pt. Loma .................... 628 
Redlands •••.••.•...•.••.••.. 632 
La Verne .................... 636 
Pomona Pitzer ............... 651 
Loyola Marymoum ............ 653 
Cal Lutheran ................. 655 

UCSD SCORES 
O'uughlin 76-73 149 
Nakamura 77-75 152 
Weishan 78-76 154 
Wheeler 83-76 159 
Graber 81-79 160 
Chapman 80-86 166 

OIl.- MI'iIIca IncIudat 
- Plrsb 'plllg 
- ProtectNe SIde MoldIngs 
-RustRcpelrs 
- VI~ Tops R~ 0( D)oed 
-Auto Glass 
- Fenders FIercd 
- Insurance Work Wek:ome 

751 hCDIld StInt 1ndI" .... CA .... 
(619) 436 6111 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 

Sunrner ~nltyl live. tr<MII. llua,o In 
SpaIn this summer July 1-Aug 11 with small 
goup intermediate to adIIonc:ed students. 
Earn 8 units 0'edIt learning from native 
speakers. Weekend IlKC\nIonS plis seven-
do; AndoIucla stud{ tour. For last spaces 
C<rItoct Monterey Institute of Intemotlonal 
Studlel. Bot 1978. Monterey. CA 93940 (408) 
649-31131(44. (3/5) 
Modeling workshop : Instruction In 
professional make-up. photographic and 
ramp modeling. Call 281-4487. (3/8) 
Vt:hI Registration Intern - Earn 12 units. 
8lCperlS&I paid. 3/26-6/aJ. OrganIZing. trQl8l. 
media wor1< at c:a1lJUS. hometown. Of Sacto. 
Contact COIP (916)442-3827. (3/S) 
Speak r'O#I Of for8\ler t'OId vas peooe. 
ApplIcatIoN are noN balng ocoepted for 
Commencement Speaker at Revelle 
Graduation. Information OI/Oliable at the 
Revelle Deal's Ot'Iice. (3/S) 
Tired of cafe food and SWanson frozen 
breakfasts? Satisfy your appetite for good 
cooking &II. 3/11 Infl Center 10 am-1 pm. 
Get tlc:kets (52) noN; coil Dottle 223-1801 . 
(3/8) 

HOUSING 

Roomate needed to ocx:upy I.'OCOnt room In 
Unlv. City hOUSe. We aethl8equietmuslclans 
IooIdng for male or famoIe. $205 a month 
+uttlltIeI. CoIl 45J.Q597 CIIk tlr RIch. Tim. a 
Mark C. (3/8) 
Roommate wanted to share a huge condo 
wtth 3 other guys S187/mo + Y.utll2bild/3bath 
1 mile from UCSD. Pool-jacuzzl IOUna etc. 

. Call 451-2862 Osap. (3/8) . 
female ~ to sha'e room In conoo near 
UTe. 5151.50/month +tHuH. Call 457-4419. 
AIIClII . 15th Of 1st. (3/S) 
Roommate wanted: Your 0Nn pItIIClte room In 
nice 3 bedlOOIII condo w/pca nec:r UTC (10 
min bV bike). Mole or femoIe (we're not picky) 
neededAS.AP by end d MoIch. 5260 · 1/3ut1l. 
Call Neal a Bill: 457-5482. (3/5) 
Roommate wanted Senior Of G!od student 
for a room In a U.C. condo. 10 rr;n bV bike to 
carT'4JUs. CoH Ardf 457·3904. (3/8) 
Roommate needed. Rent S175. Own 
beaoom. Locotlon Mira Mesa. Huge condo. 
Info call 271-9108. Ar?,1ime. (3/12) 
Roommate(s) needed to fill !age master 
beaoom In UKIIious condo 1 m/IeJromUCSO 
beginning eartv March Of mld-Morch - pool. 
Jacuzzl sauna. Iouncty. 22S If IhcrIng. 452-
7662. (3/5) 
ROOMMATES WANIED: Need 2 more to share 
lage townhoule near UTC/UCSD. Pool. 
jocuZZl mlcrOAlOlle. Nonsmokers. no pets. 
$25O+%utll. Call Comle 455-1268H 450-
1355x6M1. (3/8) 

Male roommate wanted to share 
masterbedroom In beootiful Del Mor hOuse 1 
blk to beach call Karl 481-9749. (3/8) 
Frtendly serious students looking tor 2 fmle 
roomts close to UCSD behind Ralphs pool & 
Jocuz doee to busSm to share: S240 own plus 

~ utI! ~II 3/25 453-462A Kim. (3/5) 

FOR SALE 
AKPJ CS703D Dolby Casaette Deck Elccellent 
Condition $85. Top IoodIng older Akai Dolby 
Casaette Deck S60. Sony Receiver 5100. Apollo 
Speakers S50 pro Make otter an a"lY. Call Dove 
457- 1432. (3/5) 
WIcat 150 UNIX system 68000 cpu. 512kb rom 
1Smb had disk. 1Ioppy. graphics 693-8084. 
(3/15) 
For IOIe: 74 Mustang. 4 speed. stereo. runs well. 
51500. DcMd 453-4627 (3/8) 
Nordica. Caber sid boats size 9-10 S35. Banjo 
and gultO' both tor S60. 457-1432 Jeff. (3/8) 
For sale: Morey boogie boad In pafact cando 
size 139 w/plnaflns n6\OI Ieosh S55/ooo call 
Ben 453-9705. (3/5) 
81 Suzuki GS45OE. 8300 mi. Very clean. IlK 
Ca"ld. 10 rlllQ. 5875. New Shoal. b/a Dave. 
457-2493. (3/8) 
68 0Ids wagon wipe. pb runs adt cheap. 
rellable fIalIpoItatlon. No blak81 S485 Ol best 
457-1387 Scot. (3/12) 

~~ - 6' Single-tin QI9aI shope 595 
5'10" ttvuster 585. WETSUITS - BadygIoIe 
\Moter suit $01). 2 spring suits S25 ea. 1 ...est 510. 
BOOnes - pro S10. Call MIKE 481-3267 a 453-
0S46. (3/8) 

WANTED 

OVERSEAS JOBS .. ,Surnmer. yr. round. E\.r0p8. S. 
Amer .. Australia. AsIa All fields. $900-2000 mo. 
SIa'ltseeing. Free Info. WrIte I.JC. PO ax 52-
CA19 Caono Del Mar. CA 92625. (3/8) 

SERVICES 
~ PROCESSING: Speadv I8IVIce. PIckup 
& dell\IIerV on campus. CoIl AI'v;iv at 279-8056. 
(3/1S) 
'MlEll'l It hal to be PERFECT call PmFEClYPE 
273-61.a (3/5) 
IJM'INonED HAIR REMOVED PERMANENTlY 
nea carrp.JI. La Jolla Prof •• lollal Center. 
8950 Villa La Jolla Dr. Suite 116Q.C Call for 
appt 457-«139. (6/7) 
Term papers - theses - dIsIartatIons. Low 
rates. fast seMoe. ~ Type. 454-6860. La Jolla. 
(6/7) 

THIRD COLLEGE 
WANTS 

YOU 
FOR R.A. 

Applications for the 1984-85 position of Resident Advisor at Third 
College Apartments and Matthews Dorms are now being accepted. All 
interested students should go to their college student financial aid office 
by March 16 and pick up Job Referral #OW 4241. Bring the job 
referral to Third Collese Dean'. Office in the Fireside Lounge and 

you will receive a complete application packet. 

APPLICA nON DEADLINE: 
March 16, 4:00 p.m. 

If you have any questions, call 452-4340 

'. 

Typ/ngi Wc:Ad Processingl Rush jobsl Term 
papers. theses. resumes. transcription. 
Jennlfa'. 274-5005. (6/7) 
Typing: 24-hoU'. quality results for S1.25/pg. 
Coli I«IYae to arrange pickup and delivery. 

453-~7. (3/8) 
For those Interested In Human Potential and 
pSycho-physical massage. Student 
Discounts. 692-9549. (3/15) 
TYPING - S1 per page discount Kinko's 
Copies La Jolla Village Squae. 232-9797. 
(3/15) 
Typing. word processing. casselle 
transcription. Quality wor1< at r9OSOf"lClbje 
rates. La Jolla Sandt 459-5818. (3/15) 
Elcceptionai typing. all ki"lds. Super IBMIlI. Fast. 
precise. spelling. 5 mn. CNIOY. Morlann 450-
1138. (3/15) 
TYPING: IBM RUSH .JOBS term papers theses 
dlsserlatlonsedltlng453-0656(_)452-5188. 
(6/7) 
TYPlNGt\\ORD PROC. - Theses/DIss/Popers 
- Exper. all formal - Reasonci::>le Rates -
No. County 726-D7. (3/15) 
Ma~ theIes. dlsaertatlons. resumes 
typed. Experienced. S1 page OS Betty 755-
4779. (5/2A) 
HigI q.JOllty. fast & OCCU'ate typing wtth IBM III 
at special rate for students. SamedaV service. 
16 yrs. axp. Call FeIy 452·1393 cnytlme. (3/8) 
Prepae to earn edro money in pert-time 
word pn:x:essIng )obi. CQul1e\NQl'e CorI1Juter 
InstlMe C<rI train you In hOurs - not months. 
COI'lII8nient evening classes. MastaCord and 
Visa ocoepted. Call 565--1552 today. (3/15) 
HigI quality. fast. accurate typing atlPElClal 
rate tor students. SamedaV seMce. 16yrs. 8rKP 
Coli Fery 452-1393 anyttme. (3/15) 
lVPING: Fastl Accurate/Reasonc:i:lIe/Disserto-
tionrITerm Papenl1heIef/Resumet/Edltlnw 
'Rush Joa/265-7537. (3/15) 
Germcrt Tutoring/Translation PhD Gef. 10 yrs 
_po CoIl Tom 45'7-00J2. (3/5) 

TRAVEL 

Council trOv'9l/CIEE pIO\Ildes hformallon an 
student charters. rollposses Inl'l student Id's. 
hostel cords. tours b ages 18-35. \Vorl( and 
study programs. and much more. Stop by the 
Student Center or 001452-0630. (6/7) 
Utoh Ski Trtp (Brlanhead) March 23-26 (UCSD 
Spring Break) S134 Includes Ircnportat~. 

ca~tay ba and acoomodotoo In 
condos. For reservations contact Kaye 268-
8843K310. 1S'" discount for students. (3/15) 

PERSONALS 

BoogIe at the Co-op a"ld Enterprise dance at 
the ~eYeIle cafe this Friday Mar. 9. Food. prizes 
a"ld videos all for StOOl The dance of 19641 
(3/5) 

L Hart - /"Ie you ready to let me show you an 
Ieee and hot night? Guess whol (3/ 5) 
S. Mel( was a blastl Maybe the sun will set neod 
time?!? PET. (3/5) 
Dave M. You COUldaloAoysosk us. We'lIgowtth 
you. JlkH. (3/5) 
Pregna"lt? Choose alternatives to abortlol. 
San Diego PrC>llte League Hotline: 583-5433. 
941-1515. (3/5) 
Congratulations to the nfNI officers of Sigma 
Kappa. Best of luck to the Bonatlde 
Tunoheads. LeHuce know if you need support 
cuz Sigma support wins OIer a dill pickle 
anyday. Sigma Kappa. ( 3/5) 
Too Kappa Epsilon. Phi Delta. Delta SIgma Phi. 
Sigma Kappa. See you all at our All Greek 
Social tonight. Love Delta Gamma. (3/5) 
Disabled student Services expresses 
appreciation to Sigma Kappa Sorority tor Its 
recent contribution. Tha"lics for your support -
DSS. (3/5) 
RoIemarv. Dinner at the Sun Valiev lodge 
Mach 24? SIeling and Jocuzzl the 25thl Call 
me 1(4)38 SJR. (3/5) 
sldlldsldlldlklsldsldsklsklskisklskiskiskiskllklsklskl 
sklsklsldlldlklsldsldsklsldsklll Sun Valiev 24-31 . 
(3/5) 
Jock: Sun B-fast is m{ treat. I'll serve you 
pancakes. sausage. OJ and more. Pick va up 
at 10:50 so IN9 Ca"I eat till 1 at the DG 
Pancake b-fast - Love Susie. ps: Can I boIroW 
S2 for tix? (3/5) 
Bob. woulctl't miss the Co-op and Enterprise 
dance for anythingllrs the party cl84 for only 
S1 .~ - Chris. (3/5) 
PET - "SUNSET" Is a jinx. Couldn·t 8\Ien catch 
one in MeKIco. H<:Mt 'bout ch~e & the 
cliffs at night? LS. (3/5) 
Dea Matt. Thanks b being my prover portner 
a"ld friend I love youl Love. Pet. (3/5) 
J. Plmpllsh. How's business? How many 
weeks... Palm SprIngs? MayJone's Gang. 
(3/S) 
To those Incredible los womoanes: (l.eZ 
women'n) Thank you for some klndo fun. 
Low. Mauro (t1l7 . 149.27) (3/5) 
St. Potty and the Playboy at UCSD Theatre In 
March. (3/ 5) 
Hev. Chris. see va FridaV at the "total ly cool" 
Co-op donee at the R6\I&IIe Cafe. Only 51 .50 
for *x>d. prizes and videosl - Bob. (3/5) 

LOST Be FOUND 
Lost: in USB on 2/14: Maroon Backpack w/2 
dolphins embroidered on It. Very Important 
contentsl Coil Jim at 453-88Q7. (3/5) 
Found FemaIe's necklace In bcker room 
Please claim by writing to PO Boll 22817. San 
otego. CA 92122 with description a"ld yo.JI 
telephor.o number. (3/5) 
S40 REWAAD tor return c:I beat-up blue jocIcet 
with kevs In pocket. Lost 2/24. Revelle 
Carrp.Js. 457-2785 keep hying. (3/12) 
Lost: A dar!< blue "Patagonia" jacket at the 
l:x»< otIIce on Tuesday. Feb. 28. Reword call 
Dove. 455-1556. (3/t.!) 

SOFT CONTACT LENSES 
in 
most cases 

INCLUDES: 
Contact lenses, examination, 
patient training, follow up, 
chemical care kit and fitting. 
IXTINDID WIM LDGIS 
ONLY tI65.oo 

THE CLASSICAL EYE 
La Joffe Village Square 

(Inside the Mall; Lower Level) 
8651 Villa La Jolla DrIve • Suite 136 

451-7374 
Hydrocu",c extended war lenses 



16 Mardi 5, 198'1 
,",PORI" 

. ~. .. 

~cmCORPO 
Attend the first free Welt Coalt Busineu Career 

Forum for Minority Undergraduate Students 

Sponsored by Citicorp and 
USC's Graduate School of Business Administration 

Purpose To inform minority students of careers in the corporate 
business world. 

Place: 
Date: 

Bonaventure Hotel, Downtown Los Angeles 
Tuesday, April 17th 

Contact: Suzanne MacRenato, Career Planning, (619) 452 ... 4939 
Application Deadline: March 15, 1984 USC~ 

Emergency clinics nffer LllIick. low~cost 
meJi <11 care. 

Ho pital emergency rooms offer the 
LllI il lity and security of <I hospitClI medical staff'. 

Bur now you Jon 't haw to choose he-
tween them. 

Inrroducmg MeJi.,tat 1M . We're different 
trlllll h(lth emergency cI m I C~ and other hospi -
r.1I 1'1l ll'rgL'nC\ n)( 1m ., ... in ~ome important way~. 

Th:re'sa~ 
behird~\WOO. 

; !I! I ~ MeJi~tar i~ thL' 

Medistatis<J)eJl24lnlrs a~ 
e\ffydaydtre)eaJ: 

Because that's when minor emergencic~ 
hapren. Just walk in anytime, without ,,~-~ 
an appointment. You'll he treate~ :1.dJl'~ 1 ~r" 
promptly and courteously at MeJlstat. ;9 ./ 3) 

.8 ~4. Yu 11 also betreated\W.ll by ~ lIll. .... :( . E} !? 
When payment is maJe hy cash, 

check or major creJit card at time of ~el'\' ice, 
charge~ arc comparahle to those you'J pay at 
,m emcrgency clinic. Rut at Medisrat you're 
gctting h( l"pital Lluality medical care. 

So whcn you h il\ 'C il minor el1ler~ jRj 1l1lnOr emergency "en'ice in C hlire-mont C ommunity 
~. 'R1 and Mi~"il)J1 B,IY 

~ ll lh l"iw k In (,1(t. 
-.---:--:-..... ---=--_ gency, th i nk (l 

th L' hll"pital I " 
righ t Ll l l\\'n rhL' 
h,dl. A n L' 11l L' r ~ 
gl' nC\ liL-Pcl rt1l1 L' nt 

ph\.., ILl,m \\'111 rrl';n \Illir l'n1h k'1l1 , "II ylll i 
,Irl' l''''llrL'd I It' !..!t'rt 1l1!..! l':\l,' II ,'nr lllell lc.1I 
CIlL'. :\nd . i( It tllrn.., Ilur \(lll nCl'I. I.1 hlh-
,"'If t1, \llll 'll' ,dr,"I,h th'Tl" 

\\ 'It h lIllL'r!..!L·"l \ l im IL .... \'Illl'd h.1\ L' t( I g\ I 
t() ,I I!Il"plt.d II Il.Hl'd "'(l Il1L·\\' I1l'rc e l"l'. 

Medistat ,1£ ClairL' -
moIH COllllllUnir\' 
and MI~~i(ln R,lr ' 

H(l~pir,lk We're 
l:::!==::±:::!!:l __ ""'::!...J the III i n I I r l ' III e r-

l!l' l1 l \' "L' J\' icL' \\'Irh "'(l ll ll' 1l1 . lj l 1r ,litk'rL·nCL' ... . 

MeDI~ffi\u ™ 
A n' • • ,.. '" t.· .. , ~ ...... f 

( 1,1In.:m"lu ( ,'mrnwH1 \ I tl '''' f'lI,tI 
:;~'i" ~tr I,,,, !'rtl l' 
,II' Il" , ~., (':\ '1211 ; 

\/' I \l) 2;- ~I <\' 

' i~ 
\11' , ." /I,ll II " I 'll ,I 
I,' I,' I\'"l~"r 11 011 '" 

'.tll 11r\:L!, ', t -\ \ '~I\ I 
\(\1')) ~;4 ;;~ I 

Playoffs 
, ontinued from page 9 
the frustration and fatigue that had 
serued in on the faces of the UCSD 
players would not go away for qUite 
some time. The remaining minutes went 
mercifully unnoticed. 
TRITON HOOP-I.AH: Four ~nion pItJ)'td 
their last game for UCSD Saturday ntght 
Don McCuUough, Matt Adams, Jeff 
Ochroch and Steve Flint. Each rr:Jkcttd on 
his career, McCuUough: ''I'm land of glad 
it 's over, to tell you the truth. I planned on 
playing a lot better and a lot more. OYtraU 
it ~s fun though." Adams: "l'm tom. I'm 
relieved that it's over, because it 's been a 
long and frustrating year, But I'll miss 
playing, and I'm glad I got to mttt and 
become Jnends With a lot of the guys on the 
team ," Ochroch: "It seems weird that I 
won 't be plaJlng anymore. I'm gomg to miss 
the action, and if I lift weights and put on 
some pounds, I'll try to play in Europe." 
Flint, who led the Tntons with 14 points 
Saturday, ~s obviously the most up~t over 
the /oss . The 67" forward ~s rewarded for 
his fine season by being named to the alf-
league team ... Havrislk ltd the way for &ala 
with 22 points, not missing a shot from the 
.field or the free throw line (8-8 FG, 6-6 
FT). Ray Causey had 18 on fightjor-ten 
shooting. and Jot Peron tallied 1 7, gomg 
seven for ten from the perimeter ... UCSD 
shot only 35% for the game and was 
outrebounded 42-36 whUe committing 26 
turnovers .. , Greg Kamansky, who has been 
nursmg the flu for the laJt Jour days, was 
obviously feeling the effects of his Illness as 
he scored under double figures (eight 
points) for the first time in sewn games ... 
Mike DaoosinsMs led the T mons with 14 
rebounds ... Biola ltads UCSD nine to SIX in 
the season series, and has won stven of the 
last eight meetings. 

SENIOR NURSE 
STUDENTS 

Adventure ... Challenge ... 
Professionalism! 

An exciting job with 
opportunities for world-wide 
travel, career development, 
professional growth, excellent 
benefits. BSN graduates or 
senior students are eligible. If 
you're going to be someone, 
special...Be a Navy Nurse! For 
'more information call 200· 
6746,8 am· 4 pm, Monday· 
Wednesday. 

Improve Your Reading Speed and 
Comprehensoo from 2 10 7 limes 

• FREE INTRODUCTORY SESSIONS 
CLASSES ON CAMPUS 
Son Diego Center 
2180 Garnet Ave,. Suite 2D 
Pacific Beach 92109 
(619) 27CHe10 
M. l. McNulty. Administrator 

l~~ CENTER 
If" JIti~"'f4"KlN "'" IAII't"'~'Nl.' "l m 


