
SAN DIEGO'S 
BIGGEST 

MACHINE 
Su STORY, PAGE 7. 



Rape Education and Awareness 
Program wIll be of Interest to women 
and men. Prescnted free of charge . the 
program wIll include presentations by 
Neil Malamuth , an experr on ex 
vIolence research. who wIll speak on 
"Why Men Rape ." Other psychologists, 
films and self-defense progams will be 
presented. For Information, contact 
Mary VIrga, at lUdent ervices, 452-
4374. 

o 

Friends Of The UCSD Libraries 
lecrure series presents UCLA professor 
Derek Howse, who will speak on 
-Longitude, Greenwich and TIme. 1684-
1884" at 8 pm on May 10 at the 
Administration Complex, Room IliA. 
Refreshments begin at 7:30. 

o 

The Sixth National lesbian/ Gay 
Health Conference will be held in New 
York City, June 16-19. This year's 
conference theme IS 'Toward Diversity-
which reflects its muth-focus purpose 
with special emphasis on Third World, 
International and Lesbian Health 
concerns. The conference will also 
include the ThIrd Aids Forum. 

o 

The Mayoral Candidates Debate of 
San Diego will be held on Tuesday, May 
22 The debate IS sponsored by the 
Liberrarian Supper Club. Thus far, SIX 
candidates have ac epted the InVltallOn 
to debate the tssues before the 
upcomIng pnmal)' in June. 

o 

Students transferring to SDSU for the 
fall semester can get information and 

1968 ... 
The UniverSity'S student body 

presidents plan to sue the University 
Board of Regents by challenging the 
co nstitutionality of the new fee increase 
passed last Friday. The presidents said 
the constitutionality of the fee increase 
was being questioned on the grounds of 
"taxation without representation , since 
the Regents are insisting on using 
student fees for administrative 
expenses 

1970 ... 
USing similar taCllCS to last week's 18-

hour sit-in, at 5 pm, about 75 protestors 
left the fIfth floor of Urey Hall where 
they had staged an all day sit-in, and 
met a aiverslOnary crowd of some 250 
persons below the bUIlding. By this 
tactic, they avoided recogl1ltion . 
Protesting Department of Defense 

1972 ... 
A meellng of 300 people In Revelle 

Cafeteria Wednesday night resulted in a 
rnarch on the Chancellor's house. 
Following a speech by Tom Hayden, of 
the Chicago Seven, about L50 of those 
remaining 111 the audience agreed to 
march to Chancellor McElroy to Issue a 
pubhc statement deplonng the 
reescalation of the war in Vietnam 
Chancellor McElroy, who has frequently 
made hiS disapproval 01 the war public 

,Klvi e on regl>trauon. enrollment ,md 
academic planning during thiS spring's 
A 'ademlc Infonnatlon Da)' seSSIOns, 
scheduled for Fndays, May 18, June tl, 
or June 22 The program will be held on 
the -D U campus and the cost 01 $15 
Includes lunch. For more Information. 
c.lll 265-5223. 

o 

jun'tie! , a film exploring addictions to 
chemicals, work, food, violence and sex, 
will make its an Diego premiere at the 
Center for Women's Studies and 
Services 908 E -treet on May 24. The 
film uses actors who, themselves, are 
recovering addicts. Showtime is 7. pm, 
and a $3 donation is requested at the 
door. For more Information, call 
233-8984. 

o 

The Wallflower Series, an exhibition 
by graduate student Stephanie Hunt, will 
begin May 7 and run through May II at 
the Mandeville Art Gallery Annex. M . 
Hunt's work IS a mix of oil paintings 
and mixed media drawings, focusing 
mainly on parry dresses and the people 
amred In them. For more Information , 
call 452-3120. 

o 

The Fourth Annual US Open 
Sandcastle Competition will take place 
on Sunday, Jul)' 8. Prize mone), totaling 
SIO,OOO is being oflered in five sand-
sculpllng categones. The catego ries 
tnclude Castles of Your Mind, Creatures 
of the Sea, BeSt' Sculpture, Family and 
South Bay Sand Storm. A maximum of 
ten members comprise each team. Team 
fee IS $35. Entry fo rms are available at 
AdmInistration Building of Imperial 
Beach and 7-11 stores. For more 
information, call .429-4757. 

information over the past five years , 
reaffirmed his stand against the war at 
the insistence of the cro .... d . 

1975 ... 
Ralph Nader exhorted UCSD students 

to join consumer activist groups and 
urged them to sign petitions proposing 
the assessment of quarterly fees for the 
California Public Interest Research 
Group (CaIPIRG) Wednesday night in 
the gym. Speaking before more than 
L600 people , Nader said that during 
their college years students have the 
greatest opporrul1lty to become clvic-
mtnded and involved and effect some 
social change. 

1978 ... 
Looktng more like a CHP officer than 

the outrageous creator of Gonzo 
journalism, Dr. Hunter S. Thompson 
screamed, slurred and O[herwise 
responded to quesllons from the 
audience in an abbreVIated state-show 
Tuesday night in the Revelle Cafetena. 
"We're gonna have to make thiS show a 
real motherfucker," he said to no one tn 
particular. "Maybe I could denounce. 
Wha t's the name of the University 
preSident? I ould work on the 
preSident. I could have like a 50-minute 
outburst of extremely vi tuperative 
bullshlt." 

AS Stipends Pass 
With lame-duck president Craig Lee and three other AS Council members 

clad in togas, an assortment of beers strewn around the table , a festive 
atmosphere permeated the last meeting of the 1983-84 AS Council. But before 
the council passed the reins of power over to the next administration , President 
Lee led a successful drive to vote in stipends for the succeeding council which 
held its first meeting directly after the festivities were officially over. 

After shghtly more than five minutes of debate, the council voted 11 in favor 
and five against with one abstention for the idea of paying the AS president 
$150, the vice president $100 and the commissioners $75 per month while in 
offi ce. 

The Issue of stipends is one that has been brought up time and time again in 
council in the last few years and was voted down in a student referendum last 
year. Nevpnheless, after defeating the bill only a couple of weeks ago, the AS 
Council found sufficient cause to vote overwhelmingly in favor of paying some 
council members for their jobs. 

"A vote against stipends is a vote for elitism and incompetence," said Lobby 
Annex Director Jeff Meyers who just finished his second term on the AS 

Last Wednesday, the lame-duck AS Councd made its last move: voting stipends 
fo r future members. 

Council. "We probably have a history of the most incompetent AS in the UC 
system. I've visited UCLA, UCSB, Berkeley and Davis, and they all work on a 
stipend system and they are all taken much more seriOUsly and they are all more 
effective." 

To ensure that council members are warranting thei r salaries, new AS 
President Marc Boroditsky has already devised an evaluations plan. Each 
member must make a detailed report concern ing his accomplishments each 
month. These reports win all be made available for the public to scrutinize, 
according to Boroditsky. 

Much of the public outcry against paying the elected student representatives 
centers around the theory that the traditional white, upper-class composition of 
the AS does not need the money, and that , moreover, does nothing to deserve 
financial .compensation. The newly elected commissioner of communications, 
Ken Cariffe, sees the advent of Stipends as a way to allow lower income students 
to enter into council politics, but does not like the idea of allocating salaries to 
students who do not "really need it." Cariffe said that he personally did not 
really need the money and when asked if he would consider giving back the 
stipend, he answered affirmatively. "' would like to propose a bill that would 
gtve the option not to accept the money," said Commissioner Cariffe. 

With the responsibility that will be attached to the job along with the 
stipends, the Romanesque attire and alcoholic festivi ties may have ended. "I 
know there is parrying at the other campuses," said Meyers. "But it is taken up 
when you come home, behind closed doors. When people are actually 
performing their duties there it's like a business. People wear suits to the AS 
meetings, they treat it as a job." 

Who knows - maybe in ten yea rs we can come back as alumni and the togas 
will be replaced by pinstripe sui ts, and the Coors cans wiD be replaced by coffee 
cups. Unul then it Will be up to the campus to decide on the validity of stipends. 

- Steven R. friedman 

1979 ... 
Ignored by almost the entire student 

body, the AS runoff elections produced 
four more wll1ners 111 races for AS 
comm issioner positions. Only six 
percent 01 the student body turned out 
on a cold , WIndy day. 

1980 ... 
Ahson Beth Krause fell warm sweat 

roll ofT her forehe.ld and Onto th 
pillow. A news ,1\1 nouncer was speak Il1g 
on ht!r radto, "Classes ..Ire schrdllled as 
normal today " I hat IS how All on 

sta rred her day on May 4, 1970. The 
day ended early for her as one of the 
victims of the Kent State Massacre. It 
was a day to remember. 

' 981... 
Thirreen stude nts were sh t by 

national guardsmen on May 4, 1970 at 
Kent State Univer ity. Four died. Eleven 
years later, not one guardsman has 
served a day 111 Jail or paid a ce nt to the 
loved ones of those slain. ThIS IS the 
story of Kent tate justice. 

- Christopher Canole 

UCSD gains 3 Science 
Academy members 

Three UC 0 faculty members have 
been elected to membership in the 
National Academy of Sciences, one of 
the highest honors for any American 
scientist. 

They are Russell Doolittle , professor of 
chemistry and chairman of the 
Deparrment of Chemistry; Dr. Michael 
H. Freedman, professor of mathematics; 
and Dr. Murray Rosenblatt , professor of 
mathematics. Their election brings 
(JCSD's total academy membershtp to 

47 (46 US members plus one foreign 
associate). The ratio of members 10 lOla I 
faculty is one of the highest in the 
COUntry. 

"I am extremely prolld of the 
continued recognition given 10 the 
faculty of the San Diego cam pus," Dr. 
Richard Atkinson, UCSD chancellor, 
said . "The honors and awards received 
by members of our faculty during the 
past academic year IS highlighted today 
by the election of Russell Doolittle , 

The Professional School 
Jor /-lUIlIW IISIiC Il"lie> 

A Graduate School of 
Professional Psychology 

Harold Greenwald, PhD., President 
The Profmional School is offering partial scholarships for both the M.A. mId Ph .D. 

COUNSEUNG PSYCHOLOGY programs for Winter Quarter. Our graduates qualify for 
licensing in the State of California, both as PSYCHOLOGISTS and/or as Marriage, Fall1i!y 
and Child Therapists. 

A dislillguished faculty of experienced psychologists offer classes speciJical!y deslgtled for 
working profeSSionals. Classe are held in the evenmgs and on weekends throughout 
California and special formalS have been set up to accommodate out-of-slate tlldents. 
Recent faculty lectures have included such recognized authorities as George Bach, Albnt 
Ellis, Nathaniel Bralldon , Etv and Minam Polster and Zerka Moreno. 
For jurtherinjontlQtion ca ll or write to: The Profess lonal School, 2425 an Diego Ave., San 

DII~go , Ca. 92 11 0, (6 19) 296·H72. (Learning ce nters located throughout Ca lifomia ). 

Michael Freedman and Murray 
Rosenblatt 10 the National Academy of 
Sciences. It is a great testimony to the 
quality of the peole that are associated 
with UCSD." 

In all, etght new Ul1\ve rsity of 
California members were elected on 
Tuesday, May 1 at the academy's 121st 
annual meeting in Washington , DC. In 
addition to the three new UCSD 
members, one was elected from UC 
Berkeley, one from UC Davis, two from 
UC San Francisco and one from UC 
Santa Barbara . 

Doolittle, one of the early members of 
the San Diego faculty, joined UCSD 
Depanment of Chemistry in 1964 after 
spending two years as a postdoctoral 
fellow in biochemistry at Karolinska 
Institute in Stockholm, Sweden. He 
received his BA degree in biology from 
Wesleyan Ul1Iversity in 1952 and his PhD 
in biochemistry in 1961 from Harvard . 

Doolittle's research tnterests center 
around the evolutionary and structural 
aspects of proteins, <;specially those 
involved in animal defense systems like 
blood clotting and the immune 
response. He IS a member of the 
American Associa tion for the 
Advancement of Science, the American 
Society of Biological Chemists and the 
Council on Thrombosis of the American 
Hearr Assoclanon. He has received a 
number of honors and awards including 
the Outstanding Educator of American 
Award in 1972 and the UCSD Revelle 
College Excellence in Teaching Award 
in 1973. _ 

Doolittle made scientific headlines 111 
June L 983 when he use.d his personally 
compiled computer data bank of protei n 
sequences to make the key link between 
separate research efforrs by teams of 
scientists al the Center for Blood 

please turn to page 9 

Schneider, director, 
dies in London 
By PHIL WILLON 

UCSD drama professor and world-
acclaimed director Alan Schneider died 
last Thursday in a London hospital. 

Schne ider had been in a coma since 
Monday after being htt by a motorcycle 
and suffering multiple head injuries. He 
was in England to direct the new 
American play The War al Home, and 
was mailing a leuer to friend Samuel 
Be ckett when the accident occurred. 
Schneider was 66. 

"He was a great inspiration to me and 
the students," said Drama Deparrment 
chairman Dr. Jorge Huerta. "Losing him 
is going to be very difficult." 

Schneider came to UCSD in 1979, 
quickly becoming a vital parr of the 
entire drama program while developing 
a reputation for his devotion to his 
students. The fall quarter ve rsion of Our 
Town was his last directing effon at 
UCSD. 

In the world of theater, Schneider was 
noted for his Tony Award-winning 
direction of Who's Afraid of Virginia 
Woolf? in 1962. That same year he won 
an Obie Award for the off-Broadway 
production The Collection, making him 
the only directOr in history to win both 
awards in the same year. His trademark, 
if it was to be one thing, was his 
introduction of the playwnghts Samuel 
Beckett and Edward Albee to the 
American audience. 

Although Schneider was considered 
one of the greats in directing, he was 
equally lauded for dedication in 
teaching, as shown in an inter/iew last 
November. "As to why I'm nO[ out there 
directing 22 plays a year in the 
'professional' theater," said Schneider, 
"I'd much prefer directing twO or three 
and spending the rest of the time trying 
to share my experience with young 
people." 

for 
Appointment 

Schneider was unique in that every 
quarter he would take twO graduate 
students under his wing, and teach them 
the ropes of directll1g as only he knew 
how. It was a program he felt was very 
important, something he wished had 
been available when he was just starring 
our. 

One of SchneIder's former students, 
Melvin Bernhardt, won a Tony Award as 
best directOr for Da in 1978. Many of 
Schneider's other students have gone 
IntO local theater or television. 

Among his students, Sc hneider was 
known as a "demanding" and "hard" 
teacher, as his fellow directOr and close 
friend Eric Christmas describes: "He 
was a very impulsive and volatile 
person , but all that came from a 
perspective of knowledge and talent. He 
was very passionate in his devotion to 
theater, and he tried to extract for his 
students the mosr. He really pushed 
them and inspired them to go further 
than they thought they could go." 

Born in Russia, Schneider emigrated 
with his family to Maryland when he 
was a child. He studied journalism at 
the University of Wisconsin before he 
headed into a theatrical career. After 
studying with Lee Strasberg and working 
on a few projects of his own, he 
directed The Glass Menagerie on 
Washington 's Arena Stage. 

His talents were first reflected in the 
New York hit The Remarkable Mr. 
Pennypacker, which ran fo r over 200 
performances and became the launching 
pad for his illustrious careeer. 

One of Schneider's favorite 
productions was Thornton Wilder's 
classic, Our Town, which he directed 
more than any other play. In 1973 he 
took the production to the Soviet 

please tum 10 page 9 



4 May 7, 1984 
OPINION' 
~ .. . . . . . , . 

Editorial 

Student Union: the 
secondary definition 

Going through the usual bewildering series of 
committees and subcommittees in the State 
Legislature , which needs a legislative analyst to be 
de-wildered , is a bill affecting all undergraduate and 
graduate student emp;u) ~es at UCSD. If passed, the 
bill would allow UC student employees to unionize, 
and thus to have at least the same workers ' rights as 
other monals. 

Ideally, the University, a womb for academics and 
the great middle-class youth entering life , should be 
more maternal with its students, should handle the 
susceptibilities of its charges with care. Perhaps it 
does; but if it does, why is it so anxious not to give 
its students bargaining and the other rights of the 
unionized? Why should an organization with its 
workers' best interest at heart refuse to allow them to 
have their own best interest at heart? The University 
knows best, and it will not let its children talk back. 

Students, being an inconsiderable race of people, 
need the power to reply officially, because no one 
pays attention to them when they speak unofficially, 

It is difficult enough to grasp one's professor's 
attention, but even professors do not tread the 
rarefied air that administration officials walk upon, or 
float above. Students are often considered an 
unfortunate symptom of the great academic research 
institutions or, in the eyes of administrators, great 
academic money-collecting institutions. Student-
workers who want to collect a little money for 
themselves, however much they have earned it, 'are 
annoying inconveniences. 

Without a union , they are annoying 
inconveniences the University can easily ignore. 
With a union , overlooking them is more difficult The 
University's opposition to student unions (except the 
Oxbridge kind) implies both an admission of ha"ving 
ignored students and a wish to ignore them in the 
fU[ure . If the University is a center of enlightenment, 
it should develop a consideration for those. by 
employment, under its power. If it refuses to be 
enlightened, it must have its power curbed by the 
Legislature and the unions. 

ll~~\t<e]j~nce~1t~lf~n~W®]j~n®~~®]j~n®1t~ce]j~n®~~~]j~n®1t1t®lf~ n~W®]j~ll®1t1t®]j~llce1t1t( 
1t®lf~lettersll®~~®]j~ll~1ttt®lf~n~fr~®lf~n®1t1tcelf~n®Wce]j~ncett1t~]j~ll®1t1t®rr~n®tttt®]j~ 
]j~ncefrfr®lf~n®ttfr®lf~nce;~1t®lf~n®frfrcerr~ncefill®lf~ll®frfr®rr&)n®ttfrcel1T'~n<.efrfr®lf~n®frfrcerr~n~ 
nce~fr®]j~n®frfr®rr~ll~Wce]j~llcefr1t®]j~n®itfrce]j~ll®frfr®]j&)llcefrfr®lf~ll®frfrcelf~ll<.efr1t®]j~n®frfr( 
Sir. 

I feel the time has come to 
speak for a much-neglected 
segmem of our student 
population: the bIcyclists. 
Bicyclists at UCSD have qUIetly 
put up wIth the blatant Intrusion 
of theIr territory by an inSIdious 
plague: pedestrians. ow is the 
lIme to bring an end to this 
outrage. 

UCSD spared neIther trouble 
nor expense to Install and 
maIntain bicycle paths 
throughout the campus. Thest' 
bicycle paths were conceIved 
wuh the noble imemion of 
proVIding safety and comfon to 
bicyclists as they speed willy-
nrlly to class. Slowly but surely, 
however, th IS haUowed nght-of-
way has been usurped by the 
plodding masses. ThIS forces the 
benevolent bicyclIst , nor wishing 
to hann these unwelcome 
parasites, into end angerIng his 
own lIfe and LImb. BIcyclists are 
often fo rced to navigate hostile 
terrain: a netherworld of mud , 
grass, pop cans, gum wrappers 
and detritus ome bIcyclists 
have trIed to share theIr safe 
ha ven WIth the biped hordes, 
only to be forced to travel at 
reduced speed and greatly 
exaggerated inconvenIence. 

It is hoped that this letter WIll 
open the eyes of GuardIan 
readers who are also pedestrIans, 
that they mIght know th eir place. 
OUT OF THE WA ¥! 

Mark Woyshville 

Sir: 
These days, anyone WIth half a 

tory and access to the media is 
JoinIng the new fad in true 
con!essions SOCIal scandal hy 
coyly revealIng hIS own 
experIence of chIld abuse. ThIS 
ome the dIrty laundry of a 

gangrenous society comes not 
from the racquetbaU games of 
politicians and investment 
brokers but from the soiled 
dIapers and stained trousers of 
children molested by theIr elders 
irresponSibly tearing away at the 
fabric of society woven in the 
famIly. 

Bur what about those children 
whose utterly pious parents 
never did anythIng panicularJy' 
horrendous to them? They have 
no specific trauma or memories 
of awful violation , but are they 
ariy less free of tyranny or 
essential abuse by never having 
been walloped or seductively 
touched? It's so easy to fix on 
concre te experiences and know 
exactly what you have been 
through and what you fear. Far 
more difficult for a child IS the 
parent who has everything tightly 
under wraps, thoroughly 
controlling the devilish urges and 
in the p rocess also stifling the 
flow of positive feelings. 
nunurance and su ppOrt that the 
child needs. The neutralized 
parent may be even more of a 
monster than the sadIst or 
lecher. The psychtc chIld feels 
the parent's potential but 
supp ressed aggressIon , but the 
lack of actual evidence of it 
creates free-floaung anxIety and 
doubt about hlInsdl and realIty 
that can lead to near InsanIty. 
The monster" the MarqUIS de 
Sade. and the sad ness of hIS 
dreams are hard to relate to the 
smIling, rIghteous parent of hiS 
expenence, but untIl the chIld 
reLOgnIZeS the source of hIS 
malaIse, he WIll con tinue to be J 
silent sufferer of J more virulcnt 
form of chIld abuse than can be 
depicted by any TV movie shon 
of The &mcr's Bat k. 

Lily Seawolf 

Sir. 
In a recent (Sa n Diego Union) 

newspaper amcle "Good 
Education is Also Defense," a 
local public ed ucaror (Grossmont 
Union HIgh chool 
Supenntendent Robert Pyle) 
raIses the timeworn argument for 
many a government program -
national defense. Cit ing Prussia's 
FrederIck the Great's innovation 
of estab li shIng public schools 
and his countrymen's success a 
century later against apoleon 
Ill , he concludes that we should 
pump more money into public 
educatIon to prevent the military 
defeat of the nation. 

It IS amazing how many 
speCial imerest groups try to 
attach their favored program to 
nauonal defense . We pay huge 
subSIdies to our maritime 
industry under the guise of 
national de fense. Our 
protectionist system of tariffs and 
quotas protecong every industry 
from steel to textiles falls back on 
the flag waving claIm that each 
industry IS VItal to our survival In 
tirne of war. ow public school 
employees stretch to wrap 
educatIon In the mantle of the 
stars and stripes. 

It IS a duiJi'Ous proposItI on . 
One need o nly look to our defeat 
in VIetnam to see we were 
embarrassed by a ded Icated 
enemy whose troops had ,m 
cducJtIon Incl helow the fourth 
gmde (Let us le.1ve for another 
time th e dISCUSSIon of what If 
,my thIng VlelnJm h,ld to do WIth 
our natIonal delclbC.) 

Morc Impo rtJIltl}" InvolVIng 
the governme nt III eI'Cry J"peCl 
of l'ur lI\'c~ Lla lI l11llg nallllnai 
defense J ~ I he ralltlnJle only 
succeed, In de,tnlYl11g th ' 
economy .IS well .1, our 
frecdom, Mu,t we .Idopt the 
SOCIJh.,[ wstem III ordn III 

defeat the socialists? It so, why 
figh t our socialist comrades? 

Notwithstanding the 
. questionable nature of the 

national defense argument, we 
Libenarians recognize the 
imponance of an educated 
popula e. Further let us 
reluctantly concede that present 
political reality requires that 
funding for ed ucation must be 
borne by the taxpayer. However, 
it is an inductive leap in logic to 
infer, as do public educators , 
that taxpayer funding equates to 
public education. 

A far superior system of 
education could be obtained 
from giving aU students and 
parents the right ro select what 
they deem ro be the best 
sc hoolIng for their needs, 
including private schools, This 
option is readily available using 
education tax credits or 
vouchers. Education is far too 
1I11portant a function ro be left ro 
the monopoly control of the 
governmental bureaucracy. 
Fu rthermore, private sc hools 
provide what many people 
consider a superior education for 
less than half the COSt of public 
sc hools. 

If we are se rious in our 
concern about edulation , let us 
Stop dallning that more fundIng 
Jnd new govemment progmm 
WIll ,omehow solve the problcm. 
I n the 1.lst 20 years there ha, 
heen an ex plosion 111 per capIta 
, tudCI1l LO,ts and we ll mean ing 
government Il1lrU510n Into the 
classroom DUrIng this umeframe 
we have watched a teady 
declIne In studel1l tcst scores 
PublIc educatIon wIll never be 
CIl CCllVC unll l It I, faced WIth the 
OIle IJcro r thJ[ mandates 
pcrlorm.Inc.:c - competItIon . 

Dick Rider 

Editor 
Tim August 

Managing Editor 
Phil Lauder 
Copy Editor 

Joe Desiderio 
Opinion Editor 

James Ralph Papp 
Contributing Opinion Editor 

David Wolf 
News Editor 
Lisa Lapin 

Contributing News Editors 
Steven R Friedman 

Phil Willon 
Arts Editor 

Andrew Keeler 
Associate Am Editor 

John Nee 
Sports Editor 
Jeff Savage 

Features Editor 
Christopher Can ole 

Photo Editor 
Rich Pecjak 

General Manager 
Chris Milke 

Associate General Managers 
Linda Lewis 

Valerie McMuUin 
Photographers 

Rob Friedemhal 
Mark Johnson 

Illustrators 
John Ashlee 

Steve Kloepfer 
Typesetters 

Joe Desiderio 
Anggie Lapld 
Phil Lauder 

Andy Laurence 
Production 
Paul Farwell 

Rob Friedemhal 
Lizz Fuller 
Kelley Neal 

Karla Spencer 
Staff Writers 

Lance Bemard, Ethan Feerst, 
David Fleminger, Robert Geyer, 

Jackie Gladfelter, Mike 
Greenberg, Kim Haddad, 

Christina Kaus, Sergio Klier, Ian 
Langdon, Robert Leone, Michael 
Partos, Julie Richter, Dena Rosen, 

Sharon Sogomian. Yen Taylor. 

The UCSD Guardian is 
published Mondays and 
fhu rsdays during the academic 
year by students at UC5D, Views 
exp'ressed in the Guardian do nor 
represent the views of the Regents 
of the University of California or 
thl! Associated Students of UCSD. 
All un-initialled editorials 
represent the views of the entire 
editorial board of the Guardian; 
initialled ~ditorials represent 
minority opinions of the edirorial 
board . Reproduction, publication, 
or any use· without permission of 
any portion of thIS newspaper 
without prior nO(Ification tS strictly 
proh ihi red. 

The Guardian welcomes SIgned 
Ictters and commentary as outlined 
in the Opinion section; however, 
we are not respons ible for 
unsolici ted man uscripts or art. 

Our olTice IS located southeast of 
the RcveUe Provost OffICe next 
door to the Che Cafe on the UCSD 
campus. The BUSIness OffIce is 
open from 9 am to noon and 1 pm 
to 5 pm Monday through Friday. 

SubSCrIptions are available and 
will be mailed first class for $15 per 
quarter. 

The UCSD Guardian 
UCSD, 8-016-

La Jolla, California 92093 
(619) -+52·)466 

M 7 1984 , 
OPINION .~ 

. .:r ~ .~. :.,,> -, .. , ."",:=0..: .. , .. ..:::.' »::X.:v:.~~,· .;;(::. ..... ..··x ~ r " . ,~ " ~', ... 

Whither La Jolla? Hither. 
Photographs by JOHN NEE 

CommentalY-

Nuclear family 
of nations 
By JUDY BERLFEIN 

Every day that passes without the 
launching of a nuclear bomb is a gift. 
When you wake up in the morning, are 
you thinking, "Today might mark the 
extinction of humankind as we know it 
on eanh"? That might sound crazy and 
desperately gloomy to you, but as you 
learn more about the facts, you will 
realize that it's desperately realistic. At 
least once every day the warning light 
Signaling a Sovit!t attack is set 01I at 

ORAD (Nonh American Aerospace 
Defense Command) in Cheyenne 
Mountain, Colorado. At least three times 
within the last five years that warning 
light brought us to the brink of nuclear 
war, with our missles in place and ready 
to fire. These close calls illuminate the 
precarious position of our world today. 
We must Stop deceiving ourselves into 
thinking we live in a safe world. We 
must face the issues. 

Last weekend at SD~U 1,000 people 
gathered together for a symposium to try 

and do' JUSt this , [0 face the issues. 
Admiral Eugene Carroll of the Center for 
Defense Information commented on our 
present approach to the military 
situation. We are acting with fear 
towards the Soviets rather than with 
confidence, Militarily, economically and 
politicaUy we are the strongest nation on 
earth. Our system of democracy, 
tolerance for differing ideas and 
freedom are expressions of our strength. 
We need not compete with the Soviets 
militarily. However, present policy 
recognizes military might as our only 
option. Carroll, quoting Richard Pearl , 
assistant secretary of defense and 
internationaI.security policy, illustrated 
the fear propagated by current 
administration 's policy: "Democracies 
wiU not sacrifice to protect their security 
in the absence of a sense of danger. 
Every time we create the impression 
that we and the Soviets are cooperating 
and moderating that competition , we 

please [urn [0 page 12 

SOFT CONTACT LENSES 
One Hour Service in most cases 

~% ~~'\"-'!!~ ~r~ 
INCLUDES: 
Contact lenses, examination, 
patient training, fOllow up, 
chemical care kit and fitting. 
EXTENDED WEAR LENSES 
ONLY $165.00 

THE ClASSICAL EYE 
DR. ROBERT HELLER OPTOMETRIST 

La Jolla Village Square 
(Inside the Mall; Lower Level) 

865 7 Vill~ La Jolla Drive • Suite 1 36 
451-7374 

Hydrocurve extended wear lenses available. 

WARREN 
INiERNSHIP 

Commuter Students 
can apply for the 1984-85 

Warren Dean's Commuter Intern 
position. Work 1 ()"12 paid hours per 
week. Applications now open until 

May 21 st. Pick up referral at the 
Student Employment OffIce. 

Warren College Commuters are preferred. 
For more Information call Dan Butcher 

at 452-6171 . 



6 May 7. 1984 
OPINION ., 

, .. ", .. , '" ............ :-,.«;"" ........ ~ ...... ~ ~ ~ ..... ~, ... : ....... ~.r ..... ~.~.·~. ':-- .• ~~~' .. ~. ~':-'~";. .. . > • ' •••••• ." ,,', ~ ~ ....... " ',< ... :.-:: 

A SONG OF THE REBELLION 
By EMILY SHIEH 

CHORUS: 

CHORUS: 

Twas on Good Friday Ea ter morn . 
(A week from Christmas Day,) 
When me dear old Irish mither 
Made me jo in the IRA. 

Me arms are strong and me heart is true 
And me teeth are all me own . 
And I'd rather die 'neath the Dublin sky 
Than dig praties here at home. 
So I took me Sharps revolver 
And me Springfield rifle . too. 
A bandolier swung around me neck. 
And a Gatling gun or [WO, 
Come. gallant comrades. rise with me 
Against our Saxon foes! 
We'll throw their chains of slavery ofT 
And stick shamrocks up their nose! 
Then up spake Father O'MaUey 
With his teeth clenched on his pipe. 
.. Tis hard to die 'neath an 'Easter sky. 
When I dream of a Christmas white ." 
We'U march along O'Connell Street. 
Our rifles in· our hand ; 
To reach the main POS t office . 
And there we'lI make a stand! 
With the butt of our guns we smashed the door. 
And there sat a reckless crew. 
They were talking about a gasoline tax 
And "Reaganomics," too. 
Then our captain gave a mournful groan. 
"Ye blitherin' fools !" cried he. 
"Ye're supposed to go to the GPO. 
And ye 've taken the GOP!!" 

Me a rms are strong and me heart is true 
And me teeth are all me own . 
And I'd rather die 'neath the Dublin sky 
Than dig praties here at home. 

All our stores celebrate our new Old Town location 

GRAND OPENING SALE 
r - - -french We iJIWeGth.;SportS~niI_ - - -, 
I Col Eye. $quore • French Waylor.r. Glacier SJy1e I 

......... I \,,,,. [,"""""'" "'0,,", o,ng I 
I c:' ~::, Al "'eotne •• ,,4 $4-8 $1 .99 I 
I H".nch styt.. sa 15 $4 99 I I '.J1'1On rI;JnlSS - ~"~ ProtectIOn ~ • I 
I 100'4 UI1to V\oIoI' Infrared - S10-25 $8.99 I I kench rr.,}'"'l9$ . "unlos.hc .... Olue 1 
L _____ C,!U~ ~ !,~_~.!.~~ ____ .J 

Don't pay too much for lunglouel: We've got the lowest 
prices and best selection from $2.99 to $249.95 

lIuornel • Correra • 1!0ybOn • SJy1e Eye •• Suncloud. Hable. Bucci • Iolle. Cebe. Ek: .• etc. 

Pa~'c &~J. t71. 
Open 7 Days and Nlghl. 

Old lawn La Jolla Encln"o, 
2461 So n Diego Ave. 

( next 10 Old Town MexlCOn Cole) 
692'()()59 

1030 TOfrey Pines Rd 
( nexl lo Yogurt Affolr) 

450W006 

745 First SI. 
(Lumberyord Shopping Center) 

942-oJJ7 

-------------, A! 
2 FOR 1 COUPON : 

FREE! : 
Buy One Medium Yogurt & I 
Get One of Equal Size F,"I I 

Wllh rrua Couoon Only _ I 
~ to .. , ..... • " . to 226-4327 I 
F" ,Stt : ; . :~ I 

-------- ,. 

Dirlingt 
M ilk ~lIer8~sl 
('hole.t,oI 
problemst 

~ 
" ~~,I 

0;: 8 A Different Ravor 
'-- / Everyday! 

DELICIOUS HANDMADE 
SANDWICHES! 

· Chlcken • Tuna . ·1; 
• Turkey. Ham 

• Vegela ria n . 

M -F 
11 :30 •. m. - 4 :30 p .m 

The Duelist 

Battle of paper knives 
By CHRISTOPHER CANOLE 

Paper covers stone. stone breaks 
sword. sword cuts paper. Children's 
games like Londo n Bridge and Ring-
Around-the-Rosie often derive from 
adult political and historical events like 
the fall of English royal family or the 
Black Plague. The immature actions of 
many UCSD organizatioris have become 
as commonplace and traditional as old 
nursery rhymes. Is there anything more 
annoying than a child reciting the same 
rhyme . without reason . over and over 
for hours as if the mere action is 
somehow important? Those who tried to 
affirm their self importance by this 
unending repetition must not have lost 
their arrogance of believing that 
anything they say or do should be 
important to everyone else . Eventually. 
even the dullest children realize people 
SlOp listening lO them. Rather than 
change the way they relate to the world . 
these perpetual children change from 
verbal lO visual babblings in the form of 
flyers posted everywhere on campus. 

Posters and announ eme nts 
pertaining to events sponsored by 
registered campus organizations may be 
placed on bulletin boards. movable 
stands and kiosks. with the following 
~estnctions : posting on walkways. trees. 
glass . doors. lightpoles. walls . fences. 
etc .. is prohibited I read this twice] ; all 
posting must clearly indicate the name 
of the sponsoring individuals or 
organizations; posting will be removed 
by the sponsoring individuals or 
organizations within [wo days following 
an adve rtised meeting or event. 

These are the regulations. whether 
you like them or not. They were created 

to keep the buildings of our campus 
from looking like they were made of 
papier-mache. 

Before writing this article. I collected 
36 different flyers . in three days. posted 
anywhere adhesive tape would stick. 
When the organizations were called and 
warned that their illegal flyers might be 
removed. most responded they were 
unaware of any restrictions. Do they 
remain intentionally naive because no 
strict penalties for the offenders exist 
other than a mild slap on the hand? 
Why not treat them in a way they are 
accustomed to: Take away their 
allowances by cutting AS funding. 

At 8 am one morning, a refreshing 
rain had unglued and washed away all 
remnants of events that ended three 
weeks ago. By 9 am bright red flyers 
advertiSing a shOWing of American 
Werewolf in London had bloodied every 
pole and pathway from Central Library 
to the Che Cafe. The sponsoring . 
organization. Circle K. was called and 
informed of the offense . When I walked 
across campus at LO am. I was enraged 
- the campus was still stained with 
bright red posters. I ripped this insult 
from a pillar. only to be both relieved . 
and more outraged. Circle K had quickly 
removed its flyers. and before the 
werewolrs image had faded from 
memory. CalPIRG had posted its 
Campaign '84 flyers. CaIPIRG! You know 
the organization that professes 
environmental awareness. 

It will not be easy to rid ourselves of 
the offenders. for they are quick to 
throw stones at those who raise swords 
to Cut down the papers that cover .stone. 

$1 7 million monthly_p-ay-roll 

With 11,700 employees, UCSD 
is county's largest employer 
By YEN TAYlOR 

U- CSD employs more than 11.700 full- and part-time academic and staff employees. making it the largest employer in San Diego County. 
Because UCSD is internationally known as an 

instirution of higher learning and research. many fail 
to recognize its prominent role as an employer. In the 
Business Reference Directory. the Chamber of Commerce 
neglects to name UCSD as one of the tOP employers. 
listing instead General Dynamics. National Steel and 
Ship Building Company and Rohr Industry as the three 
largest employers in San Diego County. However. these 
three companies employ fewer people than UCSD. 
with 11.300 employees at General Dynamics. 4.700 at 
National Steel and Ship Building Company and 4,500 
at Rohr Industry. 

"There is almost a one-to-one ratio of the number of 
people working here and the number of students 
here," commented Pat Wong. UCSD personnel analyst. 
(UCSD has a total of 13.000 students.) In contrast. San 
Diego State. which has almost three times the number 
of srudent. employs only 3.868 academic and staff 
personnel. 

Many employees are attracted to UCSD because it is 
one of the nation's foremost academic research 
instirutions. according to Wong. UCSD's Scripps 
Instirution of Oceanography is one of the world's most 
distinguished oceanographic research institutes - a 
world leader in its field and operator of a fleet of 
research vessels. Though Scripps has fewer than 100 
graduate srudents. it employs nearly 1.000 people who 
are primarily involved in research. 

The School of Medicine also offers opporrunities in 
teaching and research. Of the 11 .700 employees. close 
to 3.000 are emplored at the School of Medicine and 
University Hospita in Hillcrest. 

UCSD attracts millions of dollars in federal and 
private funds each year for academic research. 
"Research also generates a lot of jobs for the students." 
said Wong. 

About one-fourth of UCSD employees ().073) are in 
academic positions. The remaining 8 .659 are in 
administrative and management functions. 
communications. arts and graphics. engineering and 
technical services. environmental health and safety. 
protective services and general suppOrt services. 

Staff members also assist students in counseling. 
health services. career planning and placement. and 
academic departments. These employees contribute to 
the University's three main commitments: education. 
research and public service. 

"We have over 2.000 applications per month for 
jobs on campus. This doesn't include Scripps 
Instirution and the hospital." said Wong. 

According to the UCSD Accounting Office . the total 
payroll for the month of March was $17.564.565. 
UCSD's prominent role as an employer makes it one of 
the most substantial economic contributors to San 
Diego County and to the state of California. 

"California's colleges and universities. unrivaled 
anywhere in the western world for the learning 
opportunities they provide for srudents. also make a 
massive economic contribution to California which has 
long gone unrecognized." said University of California 
PreSident David Pierpont Gardner at a recent session 
of the California Round Table on Educational 
Opportunity. 

The economic impacts of higher education are 
described in a 16-page publication entitled "A General 
Diffusion of Knowledge .... . Benefits to California and its 
Economy from its Colleges and Universities" made 
public on March 2 by the Round Table. the state 
education leadership group . The booklet was prepared 
by representatives of California's four segments of 
higher education - UC. CSU. the Community 
Colleges and independent instirutions belonging to the 
Association of Independent California Colleges and 
Universities (AlCCU) - together with the 
Postsecondary Education Commission. It focuses on 

h ighe r ed uca tion's contribu-
tions to the quality of life 

How Research Benefits California 
in California. on enhanCing 
competence and talent and 
on commerce and economy. 

. Management . . 
and Communications I International Productivity Trade 

The publication . based 
on 1981 -1982 data. declares 
that California's more than 
225 colleges and universi-
ties "have a direct economic 

impact on Cali fornia of nearly $)0 billion each year -
an amount equal to nearly eight percent of California's 
total gross stale product of over $360 billion." 

In elaborating on the annual direct economic impact 
of higher education instirutions in California. the 
booklet makes the following pOints: 

.Higher education institutions annually add $3.8 
billion to the state's economy simply through 
their institutional expenditures for utilities. 
eqUipment. supplies and other day-to-day 
purchases. 
• Faculty and staff of lhese institutions expend 
an additional $4 billion which circulates into the 
economy via payments for groceries. rentals. 
gasoline and other goods and services. 
.California students from other states and from 
foreign countries pay millions of dollars in 
tuition and fees . and spend millions more for 
supplies. books and recreation. resultin$ in total 
student expendirures of $3.8 billion. 
.Visitors to California - from tourists at Mount 
Palomar to ticket holders for the Rose Bowl -
boost California sales as part of an estimated $82 
million spend by guests on colleges and 
university campuses. 
.Even more important economically. from all of 
these activities. California's colleges and 
universities generate at least $17.3 billion more 
in spin-off expenditures in their communities. 

According to the publication. "the Community 
Colleges estimate that their 1981-1982 direct and spin-
off contributions to Califort)ia's economy amounted to 
$6.9 billion. The University of California calculates its 
impact at $8.6 billion while the State University's figure 
is $5.1 billion." 

The 60 member institutions of the AlCCU estimate 
their contribution at $7 .7 billion; taken together. the 
members of this association rank as California's 20th 

. largest private industry in terms of the number of 
employees - exceeded in employment only by Bank 
of America. Pacific Telesis and Lockheed. 

The "General Diffusion of Knowledge" publication 
also specifies that a substantial portion of the 
economic contribution of several institutions comes 
from outside California - from the federal 
government. philanthropic foundations . national and 
international corporations and out-of-state or foreign 
students. 

Examples include $1.6 billion in federal funds which 
flow into California through Uc. At Stanford 
University. $201 million of its $6)8 million budget 
comes from federal funds. At the University of 
Southern California. $71 million of its $349 budget is 
derived from federal sources. as is over $400 million of 
the $535 million budget of California Institute of 
Technology. 

The economic impact of California's higher 
education can also be calculated in terms of jobs. "In 
these terms. the institutional purchases of the 
University of California plus those of its faculty and 
staff result in the employment of over 240.000 
Californians unaffiliated with it. The California State 

please IUrn (Q page 8 

B'Otech-' I ~ A .... pac. nOIOgy,~~ Funding For Higher Education: 
Human .1 __ 
Services 111111 __ .1 Energy 

'MediCine 

\ 

and 
Health Care 

Consumer 

National~1 
Defense I Learning 

and 
Creativity Agriculture 

and 
Worker Safety 

Federal 
2199 683 .. 

Benefits Returned to California 
1981-82 

~ 
State .. 
and local 111111-36538()o1 Private 
and Other' 
1949870 Higher Education 

and 
Livestock Management 11"1Cludes SIUClenllees Income from auxlhary el"llerptlses. 91f'1$ er'KJOlN",.nt InGom., 

Unlim. train travel : 16 countries 
$290: one month youthpass 

$260: 15-day first class 
ISSUED ON THE SPOT 
Call for Free Brochure 

COUNCIL TRAVEL 
452·0630 

UCSD Student Center 8-023 
La Jolla, CA. 92093 

UCSD SUmmer Session 
ADDED 
EEeS 61 

INTRODUcrION TO COMPUTER SCIENCE (4 units) 
Electrical Engineering and Computer Science 61 
June 2S - August 24, 1984 (9 weeks) 
For more information visit the Summer Session Ottice, lOlA 
Administrative Complex or call 452-4364. 

r---------------: JOSTEN'S 
I Super Saver 

Coupon 
Bring this coupon to the 

Bookstore and save $25 on 
14K Gold or $15 on any 10K 

Gold Ring. 
The Josten's Representative will be at 

the Bookstore May 9. 10. & 11. 

I 
I 
I 
I 

Offer expires I 
5·14·84. I 

--------------



Alzheimer's disease 
protein link 

The amino acid sequence of a protei n 
fiber found in the blood vessels of the 
brains of Alzheimer's d isease victims has 
been identified by researchers at the 
UCSD School of Medicine. 

biochemical databas~ computer search 
and fo und no prote in on record wi th a 
simila r sequence. This means that the 
protein identified by Glenner is 
prevIOusly unknown or unsequenced. 

o ften characterized by three major 
points o f damage, or lesions: cell 
remains called plaques; fibrillar tangles 
wuhm nerve cells; and amylOid fiber 
replacement of blood vessel walls. Each 
of these types of lesions in the brain 
can also be seen in some other 
disorders as well. 

Whether tlie amyloid fi bers cause the 
damage fo und in the tissue· and vessels , 
or whether they are the product of the 
disease process, is still unknown. 

Although their c hemical composition 
is diverse , amylOid prOleins have in 
common an unusual fibe r struc ture 
called the beta pleated sheet, first 
described by Nobel UlUreate Linus 
Pauling in 1951. It is identical in 

structure to some types of silk fibers 
fo und in nature. 

Amyloid fiber deposition is a 
complication related to several diseases , 
including a variety of genetiC diseases, 
multiple myeloma, rheumatoid arthritis 
and tuberculosis , but in these cases the 
vessels of the brain are not involved. 

With this new p rotein now identified 
in brain tissue, Glenner sa id he p lans to 
seek a chemically-related protein in 
Circulating blood. • 

[f thi s newly-d iscovered cerebral 
amyloid protein is found to be derived 
from a unique abnormal serum protein , 
researc hers could then anempt to 
develop a blood test to identify th is 
se rum protein in patients. 

This newly-developed protein is 
described by George Glenner, MD, 
research pathologist at UCSD, in the 
May 16 issue of the journal Biochemical 
and Biophysical Research Communications. 

The protei n for which Glenner has 
identified the amino acid sequence 
makes up the silk-like fibe rs called 
amylOid , wh ich Glenner isolated from 
the blood vessels of the brains of 
Alzheimer's disease victims. Blood vessel 
damage related to amyloid buildup is 
often seen as a com ponent of 
Alzheimer's disease and cenaIn other 

Alzhei mer's disease is the most 
frequent ca use of senile' dementia 
(senility) in the United States. It is a 
tragic d isease which begins with 
memory loss and gradually leaves its 
victims unable to function , communicate 
or care for themselves. It is ultima tely 
fa tal. In economic terms it costs families 
and taxpayers over $20 billion annually. 

UCSD: largest employer 

specific conditions. . 
Amino acids are the building blocks 

of proteins. Their sequence is unique fcir 
each protein. se rving as an identifying 
fingerprint. After idenufy mg the amino 
acid sequence fo r the amylOid protem, 
Glenner conducted an exhaustlve 

Since there IS no reliable way to 
diagnose the disease , ex tensive tests 
must be conduc ted to rule out more 
than 50 causes of treatable dement ia 
and an equal number of untreatable 
processes. Once this has been done, 
Alzheimer's disease may by exclusion be 
diagnosed . However. a definitive 
diagnosis can only be reached by 
analYSIS of brain tl ssue obtained at 
autopsy. 

The brains o f Alzheimer's victi ms are 

cpntil1ucd from page 7 
University's operations,lead to 191,000 
addit ional jobs, and those o f the 
Commun ity Colleges crea te 193,000 
more." 

This study of the economic impacts 
of h igher ed ucation d erives from the 
economic princi ple o f "economic 
multiphers" - tha t when individuals 
spend money, it does nOl disappear; 
instead , pan of It remains In [ocal 
communities and the state to be spent 

INTRODUCING THE EASY WAY 
TO GET HOME ECONOMICALLY 

DURABLE 
Super heavy duty 
tri-wall container 

Permanent seals help 
prevent opening once 
locked. 

PERFECT SIZE 
Holds up to 
5001bs. 

--- BRILLIANT 
Got a professional 
move for less than 
do-it-yourself , 
without the hassles 

PROFESSIONAL 
HANDLING 
without the 
frustrations of 
do-it-yourself 

--- EASY TO LOAD 
with fold-down flap 

YOU DON'T HAVE TO HAUL 
A new economical alternative to the "do it yourself" move. Simply pack 
your s te reo, books , clothes , almost anything, into our s pecia lly designed 
co ntainer Take the container to your local Bekins agent, or we'll come 
ann get It lor a s lrgh t e xtra charge. You can even pack It at ou r place II you 
Wish Thtm we de liver rt light to your door You e ven receive baSIC damage 
protection a t no a ddi!tonal cost. 
Compare th(' economy, convenience speed and pt:aco 0 1 mrnd 01 thi S 
new <;e rvlcP to the pains 01 do" I-yoursell Wp're 'llJre you II rlgree 
You Don't Have To Haul 

T & 0 TRANSFER 
1822 MA[N STREET 

SAN DIEGO , CA 92 113 
(61 9 ) 230- 1875 

AUTHORIZED AGENT FOR IISlCiIiil 

again and again. 
Twenty thousand copies of the 

booklet will be provided to individuals 
and groups throughout the state, 
it]c1uding o fficials in bUSiness; industry, 
labor, government and the media. 

"It's our strong hope that the 
economic findings we are making 
available will fill a large gap In public 
understanding about the benefits of the 
higher education enterprise to all of 
'society," sa id Gardne r. 

Business and 
Technical Majors 

High ly responsible positions 
for college seniors and 
graduates (through age 34) in 
financial and logistic support. 
The Navy Supply Corps needs 
highly qualified, dynamic 
individuals to lead and 
manage large inventory and 
financial networks. Salary 
$18,500 to start, $34,000 after 
4 years. Excell~nt benefits 
package. Need BAlES, U.S. 
citizenship. Call Naval 
Management Programs at 293· 
6691, Mon·Wed, 8 am· 4 pm. 

o 

Ifyouha\le 
_ dIarrhea that 

began withIn the last 48 hrs and 
would like to partIcipate In an 
Irl\Iestfgatlonal drug study at the 
V.A. Hosp Ital call Ctteryl 
Beaumont or Stew Pandol M .D. 
1453-75001 ext 3284 for more 
Info. Upon completlon of the 
study,you wIU receble 525. 

One Wa,..-'" 
From From 
$327 AMStERDAM $583 
$409 BRUSSElS $778 
$310 LOfI)()N $549 
$479 ~ $699 
$349 ~ $698 
$379 DaCII $718 

All taul included! 

.lil COUNCIL T RAVEL (ClEE) 
« 29 C ••• S, . 

4Jt__ . 

May 7,1984 9 
NF.'W~ 

_,'" _ ~ .~. " . ',,: , r:;_-; "'. ~ .y:,.-.-.~ .::- ~. r' r~".,:;'Y@."'~ ~._~ : "r. ,:.~.r»: • <.~ .. ;.', rWr. ~ • ,-,;>1.; " r ,r. 

Local call charges 
By MICHAL TINGLE 

The Cali forn ia Public Utilities 
Commiss ion (PUC) is currently debating 
Zone Usage Measu rement (ZUM), 
Paci fi c Bell's newest strategy for 
replaci ng the revenue it lost as a result 
of the d ivestiture of AT&T. 

Should the proposal gain PUC 
approval on May 30, phone customers 
in San Diego, Sacramento and Orange 
Counties would pay fQr local phone 
se rvice on a per caU basis. The cost of 
each local call would vary d epending 
upon when the call was placed , the 
duratio n of the call and the distance 
betwee n stations. Local phon e bills 
wo uld p rovide the customer with an 
item ized account of calling activi ty in a 
format identical to current long.distance 
bills. 

Mos t San Diego phone subscribers 
pay a fixed rate for local phone service . 
Incorporated into th e fixed rate is an 
access c harge to the local phone 
network and an unlimited number of 
local pho ne calls. 

According to Pacifi c .Bell , the ave rage 
fixed ra te customer · subsidizes" heavier 
users with hi s payments. Pac ific Bell 
represe ntatives argue that customers 
who place ten calls per day should not 
pay the same rate as cus[Qmers who 
place 100 caUs. 

Kim Mills, the coordinator for 
CalPIRG research into the ZUM 

proposal, stated that Paci fi c Bell's 
equitability a rgument "p reys upon the 
customer's natural fear of shonage, a 
fear that has just ifiably developed 
through dealings wi th commod ity 
utiliti es." 

According to Mills, pho ne service, 
unlike electri ci ty, is not a commodity 
utility. [t does not rely on resources that 
can be depleted , such as gas, coal o r 
water. The costs o f the local te lephone 
network are in the bas ic switching 
equipment and in opera ting costs, such 
as labor. Ninety percent o f those costS, 
according to the CalPIRG stud y, do not 
vary according to the number of ca ll s a 
customer places. 

[n his testimony before the PUC , 
Boston economist Dr. Lee L. Selwyn 
described the projected effects of ZU M 
on [ocal phone rates . According to 
Selwyn, Pacific BeU will be requi red to 
make mass ive capital outlays in order to 
im plement the system. Those costs, 
according to Selwyn , will be passed 
along to consumers . 

CalPIRG is urging phone customers to 
write a postcard to the Public Utilities 
Commission , which, Mills notes, has 
respo nded to consumer preference in 
the past. CaIP[RG members will be at 
tab les around campus Tuesday May 8 
through Thursday May 10 with 
postcards ready for student Signatures. 

MEChA celebrated Cinco de Mayo with a Latin-theme TG IF and car display last Friday. 

$327 
$409 
$310 
$479 
$349 
$379 

All taxes included! 

Roundtrip 
From 

$583 
$778 
$549 
$699 
$698 
$718 

.Call COUNOL TRAVEL (eIEE) 
4429 Cass St. 

San DIego, A 92109 451-0630 UCSD ludenl Cenler B-023 La Joll a, CA 92093 

Academy Melllbers 
LOI1 C1 nt.cd frani page J 
Research in Boston and the National 
Cance r Ins titute in Washington , DC. For 
the first time, a known cancer ge ne was 
ident ified that was apparently related to 
a gene with a known fun ction in human 
ce lls. 

Freed man jOined the UCSD 
Department of Mathematics in 1976 
after serving fo r a year at the Ins titute 
for Advanced Stud y in Princeton , New 
Jersey. He earned his PhD in 
mathematics from Princeton University 
in 1973. 

Freedman was named Californ ia 
Scientist of the Year last month by the 
California Museum of Science and 
Ind ustry for hiS ac hievements during the 
past five years. His major research 
inte rests are in the field of topology and 
geometry, a nd he is curre ntly studying 
the globa[ structure of four·dime nsional 
spaces. Two years ago he ac hieved 
inte rnational recognition by solving the 
82-year-old mathematical riddle known 
as the fou n h·d imensional Poincare 
COnjec tu re . The Poi ncare Conjecture 
(named after ItS author, the fa med 
French mathematician Henri Poincare) 
is one of a handful of inteUectual 
labyrinths that have exhausted 
mathematic ians fo r decades. 

Freedman's work could have a deep 
influence eventuall y o n the 
understanding of the universe , s ince 
most mod els of the universe are based 
o n four-dimensional manifold s. 

Rosenblatt has bee n a member of the 
UCSD Department of Mathematics since 
1964. He had .served as a professor of 
probability and statistics at Brown 
University , as an associa te professor of 
mathematics at Indiana University and 
as an assistant p rofessor of mathematics · 
at the Univesity of C hicago before 
moving to San Diego. He received a 
PhD in mathematics from Cornell in 
1949. 

Rose nblatt is an expen in the theory 
of probability and mathematical 
statistics. He is the author of a number 
of researc h papers and books rela ted to 
his field and is noted as one of the 
leading expens in th is country on time 
series ana lysis, a fi e ld of probability of 
importance in aU areas of science 
involving measurements of variables 
which are functions o f time. 

Rosenblatt was se lected to give the 
Wald Lectures at the institute of 
Mathematica[ Statistics in 1970 and 
served as a n Overseas Fellow in 
Churchill College at Cambridge 
Unive rsity in 1979 a nd as a research 
fellow at the Australian National 
University in 1976 and 1979. He is a 

california's 1984 
National 

Acadcinv ofSclcnca 
Members 

000 

S*Cal Tech 
3*UC San Diego 
2*Stanford 
1 *UC Berkeley 
1*UC Davis 
1 *UC Santa Barbara 

fellow of the Institute of Mathematical 
Statistics and a member of the 
International Statistical Ins titute . He 
serves on the editorial boards of several 
journals indudi ng the Joumal of 
Multivaria te Ana!ysis and theJoumal of 
Time Series Analysis. 

The Nationa[ Academy of Sciences 
was chanered by President Abraham 
Li ncoln and is an independ em group 
with the responsibility for advisi ng and 
counseling the federal government on 
SCientific and techn ical ma tters. 

Schneider 
dies at 66 
cOIllil1ued from page J 
Un ion , making Our Town th e first 
American play to tour that country. 

"Above and beyond everyth ing else , 
he was a teacher," said Huena . "He 
really gave of himself to his students." 
Teaching was not hing new to the man; 
before coming to UCSD five years ago , 
he taught at Catholic University in 
Washington for 12 years. Boston 
University for 20 years, and the Theater 
Center at Juilliard in ew York. 

He always put h is best into a 
produc tion , whether it was on Broadway 
or in the Mand ell Weiss Thea ter, feeling 
that both were equally important. 

"He infused li fe into eve ryth ing," 
remembered Huerta. 

Another 
~ 

~ 
Taco Shop 

7090 Miramar Road 
271-0170 

Open 24 Hours 



10 May 7. 198'1 

. . 

, • .~~" , ~ » "'¥if > , 

The AS Internship Office presents: 
Jor the all campus semijormal: 

Boutonniere 
and 

Corsage Sale! 
Impress your date wi th our professionally arranged flowers. 

Many colors and arrangements offered a t lowest prices in town. 

On sale at Revelle Plaza or Box Office 
Mon-Fri 11-3 pm. 452-4689. 
~ '~""jf'::-" " -, ., • 

.... ,.>< .. < 

Ethical conflicts in the Job Market 
Join us for a discussion on moral and ethical conflicts you 

may face in future or present careers. This concerns you if you 
are a Christian or a conscious, ethical person. This discussion 
features: John Asmus (AsSOCiated with Maxwell Labs and 
UCSD) and Mary Walshok (Dean of UCSD Extension and 
Adjunct Associate Professor of Sociology.) Tuesday, May 8 at 8 
pm in the Catholic Lounge at the University Lutheren Church 
at the comer of N. Torrey Pines Rd . and La Jolla Shores Dr. 
Sponsored by the Catholic Student Coordinators and the 
Catholic community at UCSD. 

International Fireside this week 
"The United Nations: Will it Survive the 20th Century?" with 

Mr. Bohdan Lewandowski, Polish Ambassador to the United 
ations (1960-66), Undersecretary General of the U.N. (1972-

82), Regents Professor - Depanment of History. Tuesday, May 
8th at 7:30 pm. Free admission and free refreshments. All 
discussions held in the UCSD International Center Lounge 
(200 yards east of Mandeville Auditorium) Gilman Drive and 
Hutchison Way. Sponsored by the UCSD International Club -
International Center 452-3730. 

Che Cafe Happenings 
Friday, May 11 - Dance to the Trowsers 

Starting at 8 pm for only $2.00 
Saturday, May 12 - Shy Hands 

8 pm for only $2.00 
All You Can Eat May 9 

Pizza w/jazz 5-7 pm for $3.00 

Associated Students Internship Office 
This Spud's for you (no relation to the AS Elections). We will 

be selling baked potatoes with your choice of sour cream, 
cheddar cheese, butter, salt, pepper and/ or chives at the Sun 
God Festival on Friday, May 11 th . See you the re! 

Also , the deadline to apply fo r faU internships is Friday, May 
11 . Interested students should apply immedia tely at the AS 
Internship Office, located above the gameroom in the Student 
Center, or call 452-4689 fo r more information. 

Big 12" __ 
Sale 

All 12/1 Singles on sale this week at 

Assorted Vinyl 

Last Day to 
Register for the 

Primary! 
Register at CalPIRG table at Revelle 

or CalPIRG office: Room 208 Std. Ctr. 

1mportant APSA meeting this week 
"Should Pilipinos be Dumped from Recruitment to UCSD ?" 

Come to APSA's general meeting Thursday, May 10, 1984 at the 
Multi -purpose Conference Room (above the Student Lounge) at 
4:00 pm. Speaker: Dr. Joe Watson, Vice-Chancellor of 
Undergraduate Affairs. * Note if you came thru Summer Bridge 
or EOP you are encouraged to attend!!! Sponsored by the 
Asian/ Pacific Student Alliance 452-2048. 

• • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • 

- Video presentation of Santa Clara law School 
and interview with Justice Clark. Wednesday, 
May 10 from 4 to 6 pm in the Revelle Fonnal 

Lounge. Presented by: PLEA (Pre-Law Education 
Association.) 

• • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • ••••• 

Israel Awareness Week 
Falafel Sale - May 7 on the Revelle Plaza at noon. 

Presidental Candidates on Mid-East issues. Speaker: 
John Rothmann on May: 8 in HL Auditorium at 7 pm. 
Israel Dancing on May 9 in Revelle Informal Lounge at 7 
pm. Oneg Shabbat on May 11 at 6:30 pm in the 
Chancellor's complex rm. A. 

Need an escort across campus? 
The UCSD escort service works 365 days a year from 5 pm to 1:30 

am. Community Service Officers are rad io dispatched and there is 
no charge. 452-4360. 

Bop 'til you drop! 

The UCSD Semi-Formal 
is quickly approaching 

Dance to Dirk Debonaire and the 
Rebel Rockers from 8 pm to 2 am 

May 19th at the 
Sheraton Harbor Island 

Tickets are $9.00 per person and are on sale at the 
Box Office. Presented by ASUCSD Programming. 

Students who have purchased tickets are eligible 
for rame tickets for the drawing at the Sun God 
Festival for dinners, limo rides and more. If you 
don't have a raffie ticket go to the box office; if you 
don't· have· a semi-fonnal ticket you better get with 
it soon! 

CELEBRATE , 
THE WALKER BROTHERS' . 

INCREDIBLE.~JOOO aiLE ODYSSEY . 
FROM ALASM TO MEXICO , 
FEATURING THE MUSIC Ofl_s' 
NARRATION BY ORSON WE 
PRODUCEO BY BRIAN llIlNT or 
INTEflNATlONAL, LTD. 1 . 

. .;. 

SPONSQRED BY KODAK ., 

• • 
Thursday, May 10, 1984 

6 pm &: 8 pm - Triton Pub 
Sponsored by Associated Students. FREE!!! 

Sun God Festival '84 
is finally Here! 

This Friday! Festival 6;[ TG 11-7 pm 
Dance from 8 pm to midnight! 

3S game, food , and exhibition booths, raffle prizes, 
TGIF , continuous entertainment, air band 
competition, prizes and more. Dollar dance in the gym 
from 8 pm to midnight. 

Management Meeting 
SAM general meeting on Tuesday, May 8 at 
5:30 pm in the multi-purpose room. 
Organiza tion for the Sun God Festival and for 
next year. Refreshments. 

CalPIRG General Membership meeting 
Agenda: Elections 

- State Board Representatives 
- Local Chair 

When: Wednesday, May 9, 1984 at 5:30 pm. 
Where: South Conference Room. 

Mechanical Engineering Club Lecture 
"Aerodynamics of High-Altitude, High Performance Vehicles" by 

Hany James, Aerospace Engineer for Teledyne Ryan Aeronautical 
Advanced Concepts Group. Mr.James has more than three decades 
of experience in the field of aerodynamiCS. While at NASA! AMES 
Research Center in Mountain View. CA he worked on the design 
swept-wing and high lift surfaces, boundary layer control problems, 
and wind tunnel testing. 

Wednesday, May 9 at 7:30 pm in Urey Hall 2101. For more 
information please call 452-6562 or stop by UH 5225 . 

Attention all Student Organizations 
There are 2 mandatory and final meetings this week. Any 

group not in attendance will be fined! Monday meeting is at 
5:30 in the Nonh Conference Room and Thursday'S is in the 
Muir apanment lounge at 5:30. 



12 May 7, 1984 
OPINION 
.~, ~ ~ ." . . . 

. ~.' . . 

The nuclear family: 
it's time to take action 

lOnllllU~d jrom page 5 
diminish the sense of apprchcn~lOn ." 
Pearl is sa)'i ng we Ilt'rd fear (0 make 
ourselves secure. uch an Jttltudl' onl)' 
leads [0 confliCt. It forces our 
government into an aggreslve stance 
motIvated b)' inseCUrity. Our budd up of 
weapons leads to Increased SOVICI fear 
and apprehension . And the cycle 
continues. With confidence we must 
break the deadlock. 

Carroll sa),s wc are "hlllldlng, 

planning, trall1111g [0 fIght a nu lear 
war " In Mr. Reagan's first budget he 
stated that we I11U t "enable US defe nse 
poltcles to ensure our preparedness [0 
respond to Jnd If nece sary fight, either 
con\,entlonal or nuclear war." It I~ clear 
the administration's goal IS not to 
eliminate nudedr weapons. It IS to have 
enough weapons stockpiled so that 
following the first nuclear \\ar. we will 
be prepared to fight , and \\'111 , the 
second. Convemional war can not be 

equated to nuclear war. cientlsts 
predict a world of subfreezlI1g 
temperarures following a nuclear 
detonation. Fallout levels will be at lethal 
doses for seveml wccks withll1 a large 
radius of thc explOSion. Dust panicles 
Will cloud the air and block solar rays. 
Communication and transponation 
ystems will be destroycd. diminishing 

food supplies and acce to medical 
care. The consequences of nuclear war 
will span the enure planet, with no 

Students, you can now get a 
MasterCard. 

• without a credit check 
• no income requirements 
• available in all 50 states 
• moneyback guarantee 

First National believes that students like you 
have unlimited potential. But even more than that, 
we believe in you right now. That's why we want 
you to know about the special relaxed require-
ments that enable college students to get a 
MasterCard, 

This is the easiest, fastest, and most certain way 
for students to get a MasterCard. And we prove it 
- by protecting you with an Unconditional Money-
back Quarantee. The MasterCard that you can 
receive is the same one that is honored by 3 
million merchants worldwide - and you'll have a 
credit line of at least 5300. 

ENJOY THE CONVENIENCE, 
SECURITY, AND PRESTIGE OF 

A MASTERCARD. 
But why do you need a MasterCard now? Here 
are just a few of the reasons why: 

ESTABLISH YOUR CREDIT HISTORY. 
The special relaxed requirements make this the 
easiest, fastest, and most certain way for you to 
establish your credit history. In addition, a 
MasterCard is the perfect credit reference to get 
credit with merchants and department stores for 
T.V.'s, furniture, clothes, sporting goods, major 
appliances, and auto loans. Sf) you are now able 
to build an excellent credit rating starting from 
scratch. 
SHOPPING AND TRAVEL CONVEN· 
IENCE. With a MasterCard, you have charge 
privileges at more than 3 million places around 
the world. So you can travel, dine, or shop for 
things like a new stereo without carrying cash or 
having to worry about getting your check cashed 
where they don't know you. Or you can order 
mail-order girts ... reserve a hotel or motel room 
, .. send flowers ... even reserve tickets to 
concerts, sporting events, and shows of all types. 
HELP IN AN EMERGENCY. Charge gas, 
car repairs, and servicing ... at home or while 
traveling. For medical bills, MasterCard is 

accepted by physicians, dentists, optometrists, 
hospitals, pharmacies and veterinarians. 
CHECK-CASHING CONVENIENCE. A 
MasterCard is the perfect I.D, to help you get 
your check cashed where they don't know you. 
Or get a Cash Advance at more than 100,000 
Banking Institutions around the world. 
CHOOSE YOUR OWN PAYMENT PLAN. 
You can pay the full amount of your bill at the 
end of the month, orifyou prefer, you can extend 
your payments over 36 months on a revolving 
charge plan. Either way, you have the flexibility 
that only a credit card can offer. 

IT'S EASY TO GET STARTED 
This is but a sample of what is available to you 
when you carry a MasterCard. There is much, 
much more, and it's completely described in our 
Credit Card Service Guide you will receive - and 
it's all yours forjust530. And you take NO RISK; 
you're protected by First National's Uncondi-
tional Guarantee: if you should fail to get a 
MasterCard after following the simpel step-by-
step instructions, you will receive a full refund, 

THERE' S NO BETTER TIME 
THAN RIGHT NOW TO APPLY. 

So if you'd like to take advantage of these special 
relaxed requirements to get a MasterCard - take a 
moment right now to fill out the coupon and mail it 
to First National along with your paymenl This 
could prove to be the most rewarding investment 
you will make this year ... and for many years to 
come! 

Special Note: Because of constantly changing 
credit conditions and bank policies, we are 
unable to know how long this special program 
will continue to be in effect Therefore, we urge 
you nOl to delay. To ensure thai you gel your 
MasterCard, please reply promptly. 

r---------- MAIL NO·RISK COUPON TODAY --------........ 
First N.t1on.1 B.ne.rel, P.O. Box 5128, S.n Jose, CL 95150·5128 

Yes! I want to take advantage of the special relaxed requirements that enable students to qualify for a 
MasterCard. The MasterCard offered in this special program is the same one that is honored by) million 
businesses around the world, and is good for shopping, dining, traveling. and Cash Advances. I am 
enclosing S)O with the understanding that I am also protected by First National's Unconditional 
Guarantee: if I fail to get a MasterCard after following the simple step-by-step instruc/ions outlined in the 
Credit Card Service Guide. I will receive a prompt and full rrifund. 
Print Name ___________________________ _ 

Address ____________________________ _ 

City ____________ _ State ________ Zip 

School 

Phone ( _____________ Best time to call _______ _ 

mercy for the "~rronger" nati ns. 
On Mo.lrch ll , 1983, Reagan stated 

that thc "sin and evil" of the world is 
centered 111 Moscow and that the US IS 
the heart of aU good. Such Simplistic 
views must be examined . Today there 
are two superpowers in thc world. Both 
have th capability of ending life as we 
know It. We have to learn to COCXlst 
There is no alternative . We have to 
learn to negotiate, to communicate With 
people of dlffercnt ideologies. Force and 
antagonism are common practice today. 
Neither has brought us close to the 
bargalllll1g table. They have only sent 
the Soviet Union away. 

Roger Fisher, professor at Harvard 
Law School , gave a brief description of 
our prcsenr approach to negotiations. 
There is a long rectangular table. The 
Soviets sit on one side, the Americans 
on the other. We come in and read our 
prepared statement to the Russians. It is 
translated. The Russians follow with 
their statement. The meeting is 
terminated. How can a relationship 
improve under such conditions? We do 
not enter with an open mind to 
negotiate with the Russians. We enter 
with our opinions already formulated 
with no intention of compromising. 
How are we expected to know what the 
Soviets want if we are unwilling to talk 
openly? Fisher sa}'5 one of thc biggest 
problems in negotiation is that each 
side assumes they understand the 
interests of thc other, without ever 

Reagan stated that 
the "sin and evil" of 
the world is centered in 
Moscow and that the 
United States is the 
heart of all good. 
actually 1I1quiring. If a family IS having 
trouble resolv1l1g problems they seek 
help to improve communication. It is 
time for our governments to seek help 
in learning how to communicate more 
effectively. 

Every life on this planet is at stake. 
We must act now to ensure a future for 
ourselves and for the children we are 
rightfully afraid to bring into this world . 
The final question is always "What can I 
do - no one listens to me?" There are 
hundreds of things to be done, but as a 
stan, here are a few ideas. 

VOTE - Suppon the candidates who 
suppon negotiarions and better 
communication with the Soviets. 
SuppOrt those who understand 
differences exist bcrween the 
superpowers, but realize we must learn 
to live together. We have no other 
choice. Antagonizing the Soviets, stating 
they are evil, IS not an effective way of 
bringing them back into negotiations . 

BECOME INFORMED - Read the 
paper, talk to people , find out what our 
govcrnmcnt is reaUy doing, not just whal 
it is saying. We claim we want 
negotiations, and we dcploy Pershing lis 
in Western Europe. We say we want to 
ban chemical weapons, and we 
appropriate more money for chemical 
weapon development. 

Pick up voter registration forms at the 
post office or the student center and 
REGISTER your friends, family, 
professors, etcetera to vote. 

Come to the Students for the 
Prevention of Nuclear War meetings. 
The next meeting is Wednesday, May 
16, at 5 pm, in Room 104, Peterson 
Hall. 

WRITE your congressman. Letter 
writing is probably one of the most 
ignored powers the individual has. Your 
legislators have to listen to you, 
otherwise they wiU lose their jobs. If 
they hear that your vote depends upon 
their involvement with the nuclear 
issues they will be forced to understand 
the issue better, to take a stand and to 
develop creative solutions to the nuclear 
problem. 

It IS tllne we prove the truth of 
Eisenhower's words: "I th1l1k that people 
want peace so much that one of the e 
days governments had better get out of 
theIr way and let them have it." 

Strip-a-Gramer 
Student 
By BROOKE MILLS 

I like to live well. I always have; I 
think it's something that I learned from 
my father, whom my mother refers to as 
"spendthrift," yet whom I enjoy living 
with twice a year. I like shopping a lot, 
and lavishing attention upon myself; 
buying expensive makc-up , getting my 
nails done, having Swedish massages in 
a hedonistic spa where they serve me 
white wine and smile every time I take 
out my checkbook. I like to work our at 
my expensive health club, and fLX my 
lovers extravagant meals. I like to sniff 
cocaine. I love to buy people wonderful 
gifts, and buy myself expensive 
chocolates. I like to live well. 

Through 'high school, when I first 
realized that luxury was to be had if the 
price was right, I had part-time jobs to 
support my pleasurable habits. My father 
gave me an allowance, which covered 
make.up and my exorbitant phone bills 
to long-distance boyfriends. Yet even 
with allowance and salary, it was nevcr 
enough. In my last three years of high 
school I gradually depleted a large 
savings account that had been staned 
for me at binh, and which I was not 
supposed to touch "until college." When 
that was gone, I sold my piano. I was 
incorrigible. 

When I got to college, I got a bigger 
allowance and better-paying jobs. I 
made do for a while, I lived more 
frugally , I had my girlfriends cut my 
hair. Yet on my 21st birthday it all 
staned again. I received $2l00 from my 
father and $1000 from my grandparents. 
With $3000 at my fingenips I went 
wild . It was gone in three months. 

That summer, I lived in San Diego 
with my friends instcad of going home. 
I was 21 , single, away from parents and 
school, and living on the beach with 
friends. I decided that life couldn't be 
better, unless I had more money. After 
selling my camera to pay my car 
insurance, I looked in 'the Times for the 
highest-paying legal job I could find . 

I considered topless dancing, but I 
knew that I couldn't ever go through 
with it. All the other jobs seemed 
average, nine-to-five occupations that 
would allow me no tanning time. Then , 
one ad caught my eye. Stripping 
Telegrams. Half serious, I caUcd the 
place, and soon found the answers to 
my twO most important questions: I 
wouldn't have to take it aU off, and I 
would make a lot of money. As an 
adde9 bonus, I would probably only be 
working an hour or so a day, and that 
would leave plenty of time for PTH 
(Prime Tanning Hours), not to mention 
working out, going to my hedonistic 
spa, dancing at night and all of life's 
other smaU pleasures. Filled with visions 
of sleeping late, leisurely days and 
nights , and money to shop, party and 
visit friends all over the state, I applied 
for the job. 

Becoming a stripper was a long 
process. involving submitting pictures of 
myself in a bikini, learning the routine, 
having an interview ("Would you be 
upset if someone at a job told you that 
they liked your tits? Do you like to 
dance?"), purchasing the necessary 
clothes, being trained , and finaUy, 

auditioning for the Boss. Suffice it to say 
that ten months ago, l became a 
stripper, and have been ever since. 

People always ask me if I like my job. 
I tell them that I mosdy like the pay. If 
they probe, I tell them that it's usuaUy 
fun , but sometimes a pain, and the fact 
that I never know when I will bc 
working is a real hassle. Then they ask 
me if I get hassled a lot. I teU them that 
I get heckled , and that the only instance 
that I really had a bad time was during 
a pany at San Diego State, an institution 
which I now hate even more strongly. 
Then they ask me, "What exactly do you 
do, Brooke?" 

I have had from four to six jobs a 
week for ten months - that's forty 
weeks; that's about two hundred people 
that I have taken my clothes off for. 
That's a lot of people, and each 
situation is different. So how can I 
answer what exactly it is that I do? Yet 
it is true that while there arc differences, 
there are also similarities, and each job 
blurs II1to the next. By the following 
week, I have no clear recollection of 
who it was that I stripped for and when 
and where . Until now there are only 
four or five jobs that stand out in my 
mind , and the rest are one giant 
conglomeration of instances molded 
together so that 1 think of them as one 
job. 

I had taken an order for the job the 
day before, written out the telegram, 
conscientiously memorized my 
directions. I went home a half an hour 
before I had to leave and changed 
slowly, reluctantly, into my black and 
red lace lingerie. I sat at my dreSSing 

table and carefuUy applied make-up, a 
prodigious amount, more than I usuallly 
wear, so that I would look almost 
whorish had it been daytime, had I not 
been going to a pany, were I not a 
stripper. I had checked my tapedeck, 
the batteries, whether the music was 
cued to stan blasting three beats after I 
would place it on the floor. I had put 
my Dum-Dum lollipop into my 
pocketbook. Finally, I put on my cream 
and black business suit. Blouse, skirt, 
belt, jacket, tie, high heels, I was ready 
to go. 

The rourine is always the same. Get 
in the car, gift box with tapedeck in it 
on the front seat, map in the back seat, 
purse on the floor. directions on the 
dashboard . Drive , fast , almost always in 
a hurry, find the intersection half an 
hour away, search for the street 
numbers, which are always hidden , or 
nonexistent. Park, comb haIr, apply 
lipstick, put sucker into panties, review 
ordcr form - "Ordered by David for 
Gary. For Gary. Gary's fonieth birthday. 
Ask for David at the door. David and 
Gary." Straighten skirt, blouse, makc sure 
panties are in place, breasts are tucked 
securely into bra, tug endlessly on 
stockings which can never be perfect. 
Get out of the car, knock on the door, 
always slight butterflies in the stomach. 

A man answers the door. [ ask for 
David. There is a hush, " he's here , 
she's here" is what I hear from inside 
the living room. ''I'm David: says the 
man. 1 hold out my hand and tell him 
my name. I smile a lOt - he is the one 
who will hopefully be tipping me. "He's 
the guy inside with the moustache," 

May 7, 198'1 1.3 

David tells mc. My hean sinks; I know 
that there will be several guys with 
moustaches. "Well," I say, "as long as 
he's sitting down , I can do it wherever 
you would like. And , umm, do you think 
you could tum off the music? Thanks." 

I walk into the room and look 
around . "Which one of you is Gary?" A 
dozen giggling people poim to a man in 
Levis and a t-shirt; he is smoking, and 
does indeed spOrt a moustache. "Are 
you Gary?" He shakes hiS head no, 
blushing. "You're not7" My heart sinks. 
"He is, he is," giggles the rest of the 
pally. I take him by the hand and lead 
him to the center of the room, where I 
have already placed a chair. I sit him 
down. His friends bring him a beer. "I 
have a special delivery for Gary," I 
announce loudly. "I have a special 
delivery for you, Gary. I hear it's your 
birthday? Yes? It is? WeU, how old are 
you? Twenty-nine? That's what I 
thought. Well Gary, 1 think your friends 
scnt you a special present here. No. it's 
not alive. Look, open it up, it's okay. Well 
look everybody, it's a tapedeck. Let me 
show you how it works, okay? Am I 
gonna take my clothes of!? Why Gary, 
how dare you? Do I look like that kind 
of a girl? Good, I hope not. Okay, let's 
put this down. Who sent it? Well you'll 
find out." I put the deck on the floor, 
Ollt of the way. I press play and stand 
up, crossing my arms over my breasts, 
staring down at Gary. Gary is faceless: a 
mousta he, dark hair. It is always like 
that, which causes a problem when I 
come Out of the bathroom later, I know I 
won't be able to remember which one IS 

please tum co page 18 



Gambling Gringo's Wild Ride "Well thanks for the news on John Henry," El ROJo waves, and we part the company of a heautlful D3ll1sh-lookmg 
hlonde and a rather neurOlic gamhler 
nJmed Duff. 

By DIRK HARMAN 
Call him El RnJo. e\'cn though I \\ III 

tell you hiS name IS tc\'e He lives and 
works in San Diego, as maintenancc 
engineer for a plush Coronado hlghnse. 
He makes decent money, lives in 
respect,lble Kertslngron along a canyon 
above the stadium. I won 't bother to go 
Into further details . except to say he is 
about 30 years old, drives a Toyota -R-5 
pickup With a cuslomlzed camper and 
dnnks Molson beer The truck, by the 
way, is blue 

We are 111 the truck, and the lruck IS 
m San Ysidro. EI ROJo IS recountlllg hiS 
money for the third lime, Silently, 
without any visible emotion . The money 
has been collected from people where 
he works: a doorperson, one of the 
j.lI1ltors, even .I (oupt.: 01 reSidents. He 
IS mentally SOrting Iht: money IntO bet,. 
-20 on John Hl'IH) 111 Ihe sevcnth at 
Hollywood P,uk, th.\( leas Lynn', mcme) , 
longshot Jackie took ,\l(l)jl'IWCt 10 Win 
the 'aratog,l -weepstakes, which wa~ 
runn ll1g 111 another -to mmutes The rLSI 
IS earmarked lor .In bact,1 flip-flop on 
the last race at Cllientc. He pencils all 
thiS into hiS faCing form, di\'ldes and 
suhlracts, and rll1lshes hiS firsl beer of 
the morl1lng. 

rh plan IS thl, park ,md lock the 
Toyota in a place public enough to 
discourage theft , nght outside Safeway, 
walk over the cement bndge into 
Tijuana and push through the maroon 
turnstiles to enter the fuming herd of 
taXIS for a qUick ride 10 the Foreign 
Book. 

El Raja's eyes narrow as he surveys 
the situation. Several Americans are on 
the pavement with us, and he IS keen 
for another person or couple with a 
racing form 111 hand 

"T hat's the secret of success 111 
gambling: he lI1form, me, "Low 
overhead We want to team up With 
someone and split the cabfare " 

Nobody appears to be a likely 
candidate, but El ROJo Ignores the CIrcle 
of implonng drivers. 

"Mome nto ," hc "naris. They lea\'e us 
alone 

Emcrgll1g through the turnstiles a 
dozen ya rds away, a woman in a purple 
skirt arnves 111 1exlco, followed b) a 
man with a white Panama hat. 

-Those birds are with us," whispers EI 
ROJo, and , sure enough, the man IS 
carrying a Hollywood track paper under 
his arm. The woman is blonde, 
attractive, and I need lilue argument £0 
follow EI ROJo as he crowds into the 
same ta I With them. 

"Okey-dokc," smiles the driver when 
1:1 Rojo gives directions. "BetLing on the 
burros?" He pronounces It boo-rose with 
.l satirical accent. 

"We ain't from Texas," says the man 
111 the Panama. He nods to Ihe woman 

WHAT'S THE 
DIFFERENCE? 
The diffi!rence: A Written 

Guarantee. We have stu(lent 
discounts, arid evening hours, 

jUil like many other shops. But, 
unlike others, we back up all our 

work in writing. If, after we've cut, 
permed, or cofored your hair, you're 
not completely happy, call us within 

even days. We'll redo your hair at no 
extra charge. That's a big difference, 

9AM to 9PM Mon. • Tues. • Wed. • Thurs. 
9AM Lo 7PM Fri. • gAM to 6PM Sat. 

La Jolla V"lage Convenience Center 
Next to Ralphs and Sav-On 

457-3334 

\11 the purple skirt. "This is Gret hen . 
She doe,n 't speak Enghsh. My name is 
Duff." He doesn't wait lor a response to 
open hiS r.lClng form ,1Ild compare 
notes with El ROJo. 

"Double }'om money on John Henry, 
no douht about it," he agrees. He tells us 
he has $500 to bet on the horse. He 
Isn 't going to bother with parlaying his 
bets. The conference is over. 

EI Rojo nudges me, letting me know 
that we have arrived. We have a bnef 
altercation with the driver, who 
attempted to "double' up" himself, but El 
ROJo and Duff agree to be best fnends of 
the blonde and me, so the cabbie cuts 
his fare in half. 

"You .lnd Gretchen are JUSt married," 
winks Duff to me. 

We are standing in front of a barber 
hop. Two bored Mexicans with 

idenllcal green shirts and light brown 
pams arc seated In the barber sh p 
chairs, staring at us with comempL 

"What a nllnrod," scowls EI Rojo. 
"She ce rtainly was," I agree. 
"Take notes," 1:1 ROJo tells me "Get 

some local color." 
It is 20 mmutes to I I and he is 

leadlllg me through J blind maze of 
shop, restaurants and hidden can tinas. 
The air is thick with diesel exhaLl~t, 
c\'en though we arc no longer on the 
street. We hurry past the shopi<eepers, 
the kids selling chewing-gum ("Chee-
clay?"), an occasional early whore, the 
shoeshines and the Policia, to gain 
entrance at the end of the mall off La 
Avenida de Produccion 10 the Tijuana 
&mng Exchange: the Foreign Book. 

The building is non-descript, a few 
cracks in the stucco, chips of pink paint 
flaking away here and there, and the 
glass doors flung open to a hlgh-
cetl inged room the size of a large 
industrial cafeteria. On three of the four 
walls are chalkboards. A man IS 
stalloned on a platform above the 
betting windows, with a piece of chalk 
and an eraser. There IS on each of the 
three walls a place name, be it 
Hollywood P,lrk, Ruido 0, Pomona, or 
any other track where horseracing is 
going on; a row of numbers representing 
the entnes; and current odds. One of 
the three chalk-bearing men walks his 
platform from time to time, as he is 
passed information , and he erases and 
wmes in numbers accordingly. There is 
a curious distance between these men 
and the bettors studying the boards, an 
unoccupied space maybe five yards in 
length , as if the wri ters could come 
under fierce scrutiny from ti me to time 
and needed a buffer zone. 

EI Rojo is well-versed in the ways of 
the windows. He has navigated this 
territory over and over again . By this 

please lurn 10 page 22 

Roberts VW u VOLVO 
~.W 914eVWeBMW e ~ 
.,_,. Audi Servo W 

German Car Specialists 
All work fully guaranteed . Factory- Trained Specialist 

Monday-Fr iday 8 am - 5:30 pm • Saturday 8 am - 5 pm 

(619) 454 ·7823 ~ 4630 Mission Bay Drive 
(619) 4 54·3705 ~ (1-5 to Balboa Exit) 
(619) 275·1132 1Inc:1a1 San Diego, CA. 92109 

_0& 
* We use and recommend Kt"dall~ Lubricants to our customers * 

---------------------------------·(Except Motor & Transmission Overhaul) 
With This Coupon 

(Not valid with any other coupon) 
10% OFF 
On All Repairs* 

The Grove Gallery In Pictures drawn by 
conjunction with the Third Atomic Bomb 
World Studies Program SUNivors 

sent bJ APRIL 30 - MAY 10 
pre IIlffo'J~1(::1~]it.~y1o.m- •• m 
A traveling exhibition 'rom the Peace Museum. Chicago. III. 

May 7, 1984 15 
PERSPECTIVES . 

.... . »... . '. . ' . .... . .... X" .::~ ............ ~ ......... '. .... ',.. -' -Yo -' $.: • • -' ... 

Concept to completion: the hidden stoty 
By PHIL LAUDER 

Before I got into the newspaper game 
some twO y~ars ago, I had absolutely no 
clue aboLit what went into producing a 
newspaper. Nor, I must admit , did I lose 
much sleep over the mauer. All I knew 
was that when I went to my 9 al11 
Chern. 6A lecture, there usually woult] be 
a stack of newspapers silti ng on Ihe 
table of the U~B 2722 lecture hall 
entrance. How the e papers got Ihere, 
who put them there, and why, were 
questions that went right on by l11e" not 
eve n dropping by for a visit. 

Now that I'm a veteran player in this 
game, 1 leel it IS my duty to inform the 
clueless masses, so I hereby take il upon 
myself to give you some idea of what 
makes a newspaper tick. Actually, I'll 
give you an idea of what makes Ihis 
newspaper tick; I have absol utely no 
idea how they crank out those 
mammoth, city-wide, iSO-page 
periodicals on a daily basis. We have 
enough problems here with our biweekly 
16- to 28-page monster, thank you. 

Being a writer and an edi tor myself, 
I'm going to concentmte on the article 
Side of things, tracing how a story goes 
from ItS spawning as a mere idea to 
cir ulation in homes and businesses 
around the globe . However, I Wi ll 
mention that, since we receive no AS 
fu nding, we survive on advertising 
revenue generated by our busi ness 
office. This fact pleases me very little, 
since I am nm a fan of adve rtiSing, hut 
such IS cold , hard realit),. The ads pay 
for the space for the stories, and that's 
our cue. 

An article starts with an idea, orten 
gencmted by a news event or an 
announcement or something. With my 
columns, an idea usually spawns after 
the ingestion of some unusual breakfast 
dri nk and I'll leave it at that. 

A s~etion edi tor is responsible l'or 
being aware or what's going on and 
coming up With story ideas. Editors 
comprise the brass of thiS fine 
irtstitution. Section edi tors (news, 
opinions, features, arts and Sports) . 
coordinate Ideas, assign articles, ass ign 
photOS or graphics 10 go along with 
those ideas, and then pmy like hell that 
nobody realize~ that school really is 
more Important than the GuurdLllIl. They 
then do lay-out (design/ plan or the 
pages) for thei r sections. C?thcr edi tors 
here indude the photo editor, who 
coordlllates photOS and apologizes a lor 
for blowing yet another assignment; the 
copy editOr, who reads all articles and 
checks them lor gmmmar, God wlllmg; 
the managing editor, yours rruly, who 

goes arollnd and ge ts on people's nerves 
when they screw up; and linally the 
ed itor-ill-chief, who runs thiS zoo and 
occasionally tosses scraps or meat into 
the cages to keep the captives happy. 

All of us are students - or at least we 
pretend we are (actually , some of us 
don't even pretend). The heart of our 
newspaper is really the core of section 
ed itors, who, as I said, assign the 
stories. 

Assignment in hand , our young, 
bright, enthusiastic writers go out to the 
real world and dig down into the meat 
of the story, revealing the hard facts and 
interesting insights that make journalism 
what it really is . Or, if they're like me, 
they get themselves a column and lie in 
bed and ramble on whatever stupid 
subject they please. 

However they do it, the writers come 
back with a story - on time, we hope, 
since the penalty for a missed deadline 
is death or sacrifice of first-born ... or 
worse. The writer types it OUt, 

l ike so, triple-spaced, und 

hands it to the editor. 

~ editor goe" over the 
story, makes struct ural 

change:; if necnssary , asks 

for C1 re-yrl te if really 

necessary , makes any cuts 
~~ 0('" :::. ..... <!. f ~t'~ 
w.tUel-t ?R hie 9P Oer .G}:titri:Gn 

ar e needed , and then sends 

it to the copy editor. 

v i't at ion Win i·t e 

~. Copy .t:.ditor ~~lds 
a nasty red ,Jen, ana 

slt:shes ~ tIt anything 
vi, 

remotely ~~I~Inl:latiC<l.l . 
. He inserts cornrnasJ aad I 
f ixes speJfng errors) and 

~ 
genAall y has a damn good 

time while pullin~ Qown an 

absolutely ir~~~~Jrre 
salarJ. 

~th his approval , the 
story heao s into ~he Back 

;:;. 
;)" 

ltv om , 1 0 ~ head- to-head \lith 

The 1ypesetter. We have a 

fine crew of typesetters 
here. They type the story 

into a yord ~rocessor-type 

terminal , then go over the 
o 

story for typ~~ on the t er-

minal . Then they run the 

thing out on a t . pesetter, 

which IS the machine that sets the type 
in the nice, neat, pretty rows or copy 
you see here. Of course, sometimes the_ 
t},pesetter fre aks OUt (the machine, 
not th e person), and deCides that 
mee, neat, pretty rows are 
linn e c ~ss ary" whereupon I as 
m an a gin g e1:htor walk in and tit 
the thin g with a bri ck (th e m a chi n e 
not th e person). 

Fmally, a member of our wonderful 
crew of paste-up artists (or production 

~~----------------~ 
workers or underpaid slaves or whatever 
you call them - all of them have 
drinking problems anyway, so they don't 
care or even hear what you call them) 
takes the typeset copy, takes the editor'S 
lay-out for the anicle, and attempts to 
match the two while pasting the story 
on the "flats." Flats are the two-page 
sheets on which everything eventually 
ends up - pharos, ads, graphics and 
coffee stains. The copy is waxed so it 
will stick, then trimmed and laid down. 
A headline is written, typeset and laid 
down, all typos are corrected, and our 
job is done. 

We send all the fiats up to our 
printers, the San Dieguito Publishers, 
who do assorted strange things - some 
of which we at the Guardian are not too 
thrilled about - before returning 
thousands of copies of something close 
to what we sem them, all put together in 
a convenient, easy-ro-carry package, 
which we then distribute around 
campus. 

A noble distributor, dressed in chain 
mail, rides our funky orange-red cart to 
Central Library and the Bookstore and 
EDNA and USB 2722 and anywhere else 
with people - people who go to their 9 am 
Chem. lectures and see the stacks of 
papers and pick one up and don't give a 
damn about how it got there. 

So now you know. You still don't give 
a damn , but now you know. Now tum 
the page . 

MovIes for Sale or Rent 
FuR Iinc of VIdeo Recorders, CemerII, ... Accessories 

. VIdeo Gema for SeIc Of Rent 

EI •• thole mld-tenn blu ..... 
The lat Shows In Town are at 
ID .. ~ .. IDEO GALLERY Lm 450-1554 481-3104 

La Jolla Del MM 

100', of tItIa to chooIc 110m: 
Sudden Impact 

rtde.'( f\'(e. ~ 
\l Gumby ~ .4ctl,f 

Fanny & Alexander 
.JoIIe Dr, ~ Jolla WIegc 
.. s..-.on, M-f 

Rent. VIdeo Recorda' for.,.. 
per nlghtl '3'0 per IIICWIc with 

NCordIr ......... 
• Three tee moYIe rentals given to new 
dubmcmbcn 
• Mo~Wed Club Mcmbcn rcccIvc two 
for the price of one 

I ~ 
.9 

~ 
l~ 



16 May 7, 1981 

Services/ 
Workshops 

ruESDAY 
Noon-1:00 pm - Does the pill cause 
Glncer77 Get the answer to this and other 
questions on sexual health, birth control and 
campus women's clinc services at an 
informal, informative and confidential small 
group session. Lecurette and disrussion 
format, 452-2669/ 2180. In the Student 
Health SeNices - upstairs lounge. 
WEDNESDAY 
Noor.-l :00 pm - Have you seen the new 
"sponge" 7 Attend an informal informative 
and confidential discussion on birth control, 
sexual health and campus seNices. Learn 
about the sponge and more - 452-
2669/2180. In the Student Health Services -
upstairs lounge. 
1 :00-2:00 pm - Women & career 
Development. A weekly discussion group 
looking at the personal and career 
-....................................................... " .. ~ .......... ~ 

R eligious Function.~ 
MONDAY·FRIDAY 
5:00 pm - Catholic Mass. Sponsored by the 
Catholic Community at UCSD. In the 
lXliversity Lutheran Church. 
TUESDAY 
7:30-9:00 pm - The Asian American 
Christian Fellowship (MCF). The theme of 
this week's meeting is "U1derstanding Your 
S livation." We welcome everyone to join us 
fur a t ime of Singing, fun, and fellowship , In 
the North Cont. Rm. 
WEDNESDAY 
6:00 pm - Lutheran Students host supper 
and Bible study. Evetyone is welcome. In the 
lounge of the University Lutheran Church. 
10:00 pm - Candlelight Mass. Sponsored 
by the Catholic Community at UCSO. In the 
chapel of the University Lutheran Church. 
THURSDAY 
5:45 pm - Thursday Night Dinner. Enjoy 
good food and good cor!l)any. Sponsored by 
the Catholic Community at UCSO. In the 
lounge of the Lniversity Lutheran Church. 
52. 

SATURDAY 
5100 pm - Catholic Mass. Sponsored by the 
Catholic Community at UCSD. In the 
University Lutheran Church. 

SUNDAY 
8:00 & 10:00 _ - Episcopal Church 
Worship SeNice: Sunday Eucharist and Parish 
fellowship. Good Samaritan Episcopal 
Church 4321 Eastgate Mall Across Genesee 
from east end of campus, north of La Jolla 
Village Dr. Intersection of Eastgate Mall and 
Genesee. 
8:30 _ - Catholic Mass. Sponsored by the 
Catholic Community at UCSD. In the 
lXliversity Lutheran Church. 
10llO _ - Catholic Mass. Sponsored by 
the Catholic Community at UCSO. In the 
Student Center, Bldg. B. Lower Level. Office 
of Religious Affairs. 
11:00 _ & 7:00 pm - Lutheran Worship. 
Evetyone Welcome. In the chapel of 
lkliversity Lutheran Church. 
5100 pm - Catholic Mass. Sponsored by the 
Catholic Community at UCSD. In the 
University Lutheran Church. 
8:15 pm - Folk Mass. Good Samaritan 
Episcopal Church 4321 Eastgate Mall. Across 
Genesee from east end of campus north of La 
Jolla Village Dr. at Eastgate and Genesee. 

developmental issues In the lives of women 
students. Topics Include : building 
confidence, entering a male-dominated 
profession, developing assert ive ski lls, 
juggling multiple roles , finding career 
mentors and role models, and more. Bring 
your Ideas as well as your concerns to this 
supportive and informative group. You are 
not alone. Students should contact leader, 
Lori Kolt, Psychological SeNices. call 452-
3755 to sign up. In HL 1003. 
1 :30-3:00 pm - Enhancing Sodal Skills 
Group - Meet new friends, develop and 
improve interpersonal and social skills 
through presentation and practice in a 
friendly, supportive group atmosphere. Led 
by Dr. Rochelle Bastien and Bob INin of 
Psychological SeNices. Open to all UCSD 
men and women students who identify with 
being sty or reseNed. Meets at HL 10()3. 
Interested students please call Rochelle at 
452-3755 to sign up. 
THURSDAY 
3:00-4:30 pm - Parenting Skills Workshop 
- Open to all UCSD students and/or their 
spouses, this four-part workshop will focus 
on: promoting more relaxing & pleasant 
parenting experiences ; improving 
communicat ion between parent & child; the 
effects of praise, punishment & ignoring on 
specific behaviors; and prOblem identification 
and behavior modification. Offered by 
Rochelle Bastien and Chris Osterloh, 
Psychological SeNlces. Meets at Mesa 
Apartments, North M~sa Recreation Rm. 
3999. Child care will be provided during 
sessions at North Mesa Rm. 3875. Call 452-
3755 for info and to sign up, 
... "' .......... ~ ....... .,.. .. "" ......... ~ ...... ~., .. 

4100-5.00 - Procrastination Workshop: 
This group is designed to help participants 
deal more effectively with patterns of 
procrastination. Open to all students. led by 
Hugh Pates, PhD, Psychological SeNices. 
Meets at Revelle Provost's ofc. 
FRIDAY 
8100010100 am - RED I - Peer Group -
This group is for students with Bulimia, 
Anorexia or obsessive concerns about eating. 
Through specific homework assignments 
and extensive support. students will be able 
to meet a series of goals leading to cessation 
of eating problems. Led by Peer Counselors 
Anne Scott and Christie Pollero, and 8ev 
Halju, PhD, Psychological Services. Call 8ev 
at 452-3987 to sign up. Meets at Warren 
Co/lege Provost Office - Conf. Rm. 
1 :00-2:10 pm - Weight Management 
Group - For UCSD students, this weekly 
group uses a weight Ioss/maintenanc~ 
approach that emphasizes sound nutrition, 
exercise and health. led by 8ev Harju, 
Psychological Services, call 452-3987 to sign 
up. In the Student Health SeNice upstairs. 
2:0003:10 pm - Gay/Bisexual Men's 
Group. This ongoing, group will concentrate 
on issues pertinent to maintaining a 
gay!bisexual identity. For example, romantic 
relationships, dealing with straight friends 
and family, health concerns, religion, ~tc. 
Steve Brady, racilitator. Offered dby 
Psychological SeNices. Meets in HL 1003. 
210003:lO pm - Alcorol and Substance 
Abuse Group - For trose who ask 
themselves, "00 I have a problem with 
alcohol or drugsT Regardless of age, 
background, sex or experience, if you ask 
yourself the above question, check out the 
group. Led ~ Dan Munoz, Psychological 
Services. Call 452- 3456. Meets weekly. 
):00-4:10 pm - Campus Black Forum -
This is an informal disrussion group centered 
on issues, concerns and the quality of lire of 
the Black community at UCSD. It is an open, 
ongoing group, and students canjoln at any 
time. Meets in the Mt. View lDunge of the 
Third College Apartments. Led by Rochelle 
Bastien, Bob Irvin, Temille Porter and Phil 
Raphael. Students who would like more 
information can call Phil at 452-3035, or 
Rochelle at 452- 3755. Offered by 
Psychological SeNices. 

Meetings 
MONDAY 
Noon - Meeting or the Christian Science 
Organization at UCSO. Students will discuss 
how they turn to God in solutions to 
evetyday problems. In the RNelle Informal 
lounge. 
INOO pm - R~cycling Coop meeting and 
dinner. Join usl New members are very 
welcome. In the Che Cafe. 
TUESDAY 
4100-5110 pm - Lesbian Support Group. 
Informal discussion group focusing on social 
issues concerning lesbian-identified women. 
In the Women's Resource Center. 
4110 pm - Come ye come all to our exciting 
International Club meeting. Help plan all 
kinds of exrursions, dinners and meet some 
foreign students over tea and cookies. 
Everyone is w~lcome. For info call x373O. In 
the Intemational Center. 
WEDNISDAY 
41lO pm - Pre-Dental Club meeting. 
Discuss UCLA Denture course, party, and 
other significant excursions. Following will 
be Dr. \Xh1eeler speaking on Maxillo-Facial 
Surgeryl In the Revelle Informal lDunge. 
71Oo-8rlO pm - Gay/bisexual men's 
support group. If you ar~ gay/bisexual or 
exploring your sexuality come talk with 
students who share similar concems. In 
TCHB 141. 
7:10 pm - The Mechanical Engineering 
Club challenges future engineers to tak~ 
some responsibility for their education: Harty 
James of Teledyne Ryan presents 
"Aerodynamics or High AltitUde, High-
Performance Vehicles" at this week's 
meeting. In UH 2102. 
THURSDAY 

The Weekly 
Calendar 

2:10 pm - Bioengineering Club meeting -
A short disucssion of events for spring 
quarter. In the Revelle Informal Lounge. 
4100 pm - "Should Pilipinos be dropped 
from recruitment to UCSDT Come toAPSA's 
general meeting. Speaker: Dr. Joe Watson-
VCUA. If you came through Summer Bridge 
or EOP you are encouraged to attendlllin the 
Multi-purpose Conf. Rm., Student Center. 
5:00 pm - All prospective and current 
chemisti}' or chemistty related majors. Hear 
199 experiences from students who have 
done them. If you ever thought you might like 
to do a 199, this is a good opportunity for 
student feedback. Student Affiliates or the 
American Chemical Sodety. In UH 1000. 
FRIDAY , 

Other 

IN30 pm - Hi there. Don't let our laps~ 
bother you. Triton wargaming is still meeting 
in APM 2101. and still playing what you want 
Come and see us any Friday. 

MONDAY·FRlDA Y 

1:00 pm - Democratic Club of UCSD will 
rold their weekly meeting on Friday's at 1:00 
pm. Please attend. Let's talk. In the Multi-

pur;x>s~ room. 

- Legal ServICes and the Women's Resource 
Center are sponsoring a Rape Awareness 
Prevention & Education Week for all 

students, faculty, staff & the community. For 
more info call )(2023. 
9100 ... -noon & 110001100 pm -
Evaluation of cold/nu symptoms, free blood 

pressure check, and instruction in skin care 
all available thru the Body Shop Self Care 
Centers. In the Student Health Services, 1st 
floor. 
JIOO pm - Coffee Hour with Congressional 
candidate Lois Humphreys of the 43rd 
district. Come meet with lDis and disucss the 
issues. Refreshment seNed, all welcome. In 
the Women's Resource Center. 
7100-10100 pm - Telephone Counseling 
Services. A confidential peer led counseling 
service, sponsored by Counseling and 
Psychological SeNices, for students exploring 
gay/lesbian/bisexual concerns, Call 452-

GAYS Monday-Friday 7-10 pm. 
WEDNESDAY 
11:00 .... - Order nowl Professionally 
arranged coursages and boutonnieres are 
being sold by the AS Internship office for the 
all-campus semi-formal and sorority formals. 
You won't find lower prices and you can pick 
up your orders the day of the dance on 
caf1l>Us. Orders taken M -F 11-3 pm on Revelle . 
Plaza or at the ASIO office above the 
gameroom. For more info call 452-4689. 
5:00-6130 pm - FrenCh, German, Spanlsll 

I..:Inguage Tables: All interested foreign 
language students are welcome for dln~r 
and informal conversation, evety Wednesday 
at Revelle South Dining Hall. Native .sp~akers 
may have their meals provided - please call 
Lang House Director at 455-0157 or 452-
3025. In the Revelle South Dining Hall. 
THURSDAY 
8100 pm - LAGD's Social. A very informal 
gathering at UCSO's lesbian and gay 
community. A great place to meet o thers in a 
comfortable atmosphere. In TCHB 141. 

Entertainment 
ruESDAY 
7/00 pm - Frendl film, "Aresene Lupin 
Contre Sherlock Holmes." One of the French 
television detective comedy series. In French 
with subtitles. In Beagle Hall lDunge. 

Lecture 
ruESDAY 
7:)0 pm - Can the UN Survive In the 20th 
Century7 80hdan lewandowski, Polish 
Ambassador to the UN. In the International 
:enter. 

MDNUDAY 
1100 ,... - Maxillo Facial Surgeon, Dr. 

Academic Services 
MONDAY.....aAY 
... _ .... ,... - PAL Conferences -
Don't spend more time ~ng than 
nec:essaryI Sd'led.l1e a ~to-one PAL 
(personal assistance for Ur*'IgI c::onferenc.e 
to streamlhe your stuc¥ng. The conferences 
wi. dNI with your course materials mrnms 
including rNClng co".".ehensIon. memoty 
control, lecture notetaldng. and test 
preparatJon, as well as how to I1'ICW1age your 
time, twldle stress, concentrate better, and 
O\I'eI'CDme procrastklatlon. Sponsored I:!t' the 

~S Reaclng and ~ Sldlls Center. In 
usa 4010. 
aM _ '100 pm -~S IJItlting Center 
otrers free serv1c2 for all UCSO students who 
need pre-wrltklg~, conferences on drafts, 
and editing acMce. \lie engage any ldnd of 
writing and i1I'J kind of wrIti1g problem. 
Conferences are I:¥ appoi'ltment only. 
Evening appointments at~ rcw also ~allable 
in OMIS ThIrd Place at lhirdCollege. (For the 
full range of services see bade of Fall 
Sd'led.llel. call 452-2284 or come ~ USB 
4010 to make an appointment ThIs service Is 
~allal* ttYoughout the ~er, 
tIOO ~ ... ,... - Grammar Moses 
Hotline - A gra'I'InW hotllne ~In 
service fi:>r ~ with diction. grammar and 
punctuatJon problems. To read'1 Grammar 
Moses, call 452-2284. Sponsored ~ the 

~S Writing Center. ServIce .wallable 
throughout the qua-ter. 
1 ....... ,... -Drop-In-Hours. Forquldc 
CJ,Iestions pertaining to career planning. job 
hunting. resume altlqueing etc. For mor~ 
indvidJai attention sign-up or call 452·37SO 
for an appointment with an acMsor. In 
Career Planning HL 1058. 
MONDAY 
10/00 .m--.oo pm - Free tutoring 
Monday ttnl Ttursday in mathematics 
economics, b,ology, chemistry, physics, 
computer sdence. OASIS U1derground HL 
1254. Come In now, before it's too late. 
Experienced tutors available to help you 
learn how to learn. 
10.lo-ll1lO am - Graduat~ School 
Advising. Planning on graduate school alter 
UCS07 After you attend a graduate advising 
seminar, d~in at this time and talk to an 
advisor for more specific or d~tail~d 
Infi:>rmatlon. Sponsored I:¥ Career Services 
Center. In the Student Center Bldg. A 

THURSDAY 
7100 pm - German films from Austrian 
Institute on the artwork of Gustav Klimt and 
Adalbert Stifter. In the Beagle Hall Lounge. 
SATURDAY 
61lO pm - Come to APSA's & the 
International Center's May Polynesian and 
Talent Show Extravaganza. Singing, dancing 
and other forms of entertainment. It promises 
to be a night of fun and enjoyment. Not to 
mention the eating'" In the Int'I Ctr. 51 plus a 
dish. 

Recreation 
TUESDAY 

1100 ,... - AS internship deadlkles for fall 
quarter internships in almost herel Don't 
miss out on this ex~11ent opportunity to gain 
practical work experience In the IIeid of your 
choice. The San DIego area internst1p 
application deadline Is May II. Come check 
out our wide selection In our otnce above the 
gameroom In the Student Center. For mor~ 
Info call us at 452-4689. 
1" .... pili - Mock Interview. SeeIng 
and hearing yourself on videotape CiII'1 help 
put the IInIsting toudles on interview skills. 

Prerequlsit~: interviewing skills workshop. 
Call career ServIces Center at 452-3750 to 
make an appointment In Hl 1058. 
'100-1100 pM - R~sum~ Writing 
IJIA:>rkshop. Learn how to write an efI'KtIII'e 
resume. Start the process here then ~your 
resume cr1tIqued I:¥ a career Services Center 
acMsor. A truSt fi:>r on-campus interviewing. 
In the Revelle Formal Lounge. 
7/00 pm -Any student considering an 
Interview with K-Mart should attend their 
presentation. Sponsored I:¥ career Services 
Center. In the Revelle Informal Lounge. 
11IBDAY 
.... 10100 ... - 1M Language Progam 
Levell & 1/ - This OMIS program foaJses on 
the thinking sldlls you need to successfully 
handle the reading and writing tasks 
assigned in your courses. It is desigrled fi:>r 
those who want to perfect their English 
language skills. LP classes are taught by 
reading and writing specialists and bilingual 
tutors. LP Is pr~ented ~ the OASIS Reading 
& Writing Center. In USB 4010. 
10..11100 ... - IntervlNllng Skills 
WOrkshop. Do you need ~ in preparing for 
job intervlelNs: Some tips on the best ways to 
present your qualifications and what kind of 
InterviNi CJ,Iestions to expect. Sponsored by 
Career SeNices Cent~r. In the Revell~ Formal 
lounge. 
10100 _ - noon - MemoryControl-lf 
forgetting information is something you can 
do without, don't miss this V\IOrkshopl We'll 
cover the mind power techniques known as 

rm~monics /assocJations, visualization, and 
key word pegs) and talk about how to stuc¥ 
for total recall. Sponsored ~ the OASIS 
Reading & Study Skills Center. In TCH 141. 
10.JO-ll1lO ... - LAW /MB!". ,A,dvis/ng. 
Law or MB!". sdlool group advising hours fi:>r 
i1I'J questions ooncerning the application 
process for lavv sdlool or MB!". programs, see 
the Pre-l..:Iw!Management acMsor on an 
Infi:>rmal basis. No appointments necessary, 
but It is acMsab/e to call tirst at 452-4939 if 
open hours at~ being held. In the Student 
Center Bldg. A 
, ...... pm - Drop-in advising in open 
session for Pre-MedIcal and Pre-Dental 
students. No appointment necessary, but it is 
acMsabie to call tirst to connrm that the 
session will be held. Sponsored ~ Career 
Services Center. In the Health Sci~ 
Advisory Program Career Planning & 

6141 pm - Aikido Club workout. Beginners 
welcome. Gi not required. Tuesday and 
Th.Jrsday in the South BalCOny, main gym. 
THURSDAY 
7100 pm - Sailing team orientation 
meeting - new members wetcome. 
SATURDAY 
6110 pm - Polynesian /Oceana) Pot Luck 
Dimer - Sponsored by International Club. 
Multicourse dinner featuring foods of Japan, 
China, Korea, Hawaii. Indonesia, th~ 
Philippines and Viet Nam, among others. 
Entertainment and dancing. Costumes 
encouraged. Sign-up in Center office. 51 plus 
a dish to share With 10 people. In the Int'l Ctr. 
.~ ......................... ~.~., .. " .. , ....... ~ .... 

Stephen Wheeler will give a presentatIOn 
that Will utterly fascinate all pre-dental and 
pre-medical students. In the Revelle Informal 
lounge. 
7:30 pm - "Aerodynarmcs of High-
Altitude, High Performance V~hide" will be 
presented by Harty .Jam~, Teledyne Ryan 
Aeronautical. Sponsored by the 
ASME/UCSO Mechanical Engineering Clib. 
In UH 2102. 

Placement Center, Student Center Bldg. A 
452-4939. 
1100 .... pIII-~ OMIS GM /Grammar 
& Mechanics) ~rkshop Is desigrled for 
students IM10 would IIk~ to work on 

~ basic grammatlcal concepts and 
categories, and ~ them In extensive, 
¥Cematlc series of practical exercises. An 
exercise manual to be purchased ~ the 
student will be used. All work will be 

~Ieted In the oontext of the workshop. In 
USB 30508, 
MDNUDAY 
... 10100 .. - ~ OASIS GM 
/Grammar & Meq1a'1lcs) IJ(,t)rIcshop Is 
design«l Ibr students who would like to 
work on clarifying basic grammatical 
CDna!pts and categories, and app~ them 
In extensive, ¥Cemat/c series 01 practical 
exerdses. An exerdse manual to ~ 
purctlased ~ the student will be used. All 
II\/OI'Ic will be oo"1)leted In the context of the 
'NOrkshop. In USB 4OiIM. 
.... 11100 ... - Drop-In acMslng In open 
session fi:>r Pre-MedIcal and Pre-Dental 
students. No appointment necessary, but It is 
advisable to call tirst to confirm that the 
session will be held. Sponsored ~ Career 
Services Center. In the Student Center Bldg. 
A 452-4939. 
10100-11100 ... - Finding the Hidden Job 
Market. 80% of all job vacand~ ar~ 
unadvertised. This INOrkshop will t~ach you a 
WifIj to find out about them. Sponsored ~ 
Career SeNices Center. In the Rev~lI~ Formal 
Lounge. 
11100 .-.1 Z.lO pm - Academic IX/riting 
In Spanish es una nueva actividad del 
Programa de Leguas de OASIS. La dase esta 
disenada para estudiant~ d~ cursos 
avanzados sub-graduados /"upper-division") 
CJ,Ie deseen perteccionar los elementos 
gramatical~, sintacticos, y r~toricos del 
espanol con el fin de prodJdr trabajos 

acad~micos de cal/dad. "Term-papers" 
aslgrlados curses ~ espanol seran tamblen 
atendidos en este taller. In USB 4070. 
ZIOo-).lO pm - Graduate Advising 
Seminar. Planning on graduate school7 For 
information on application procedures, 

I~tters of recommendation statement or 
purpos~ and admissions criteria, attend one 
of these seminars by signing up at Career 
Services Center, Student Center Bldg. A or 
call 452-4939. 
2100-4100 pm - How to Concentrate At 
IK!1I1 - Eller wonder wt?; you CiII'1 't study 
when you plan to 7 lack of concentration is 
one or the most difficult and persistent 

probl~ms colleg~ students face. This 
INOrkshop identiti~ the factors that disrupt 
leatning. and provides proven techniques for 
combatting thes~ problems. Learn row to 
put out your maximum effort when you want 
to I Sponsored ~ the OASIS Reading & Studt 
Skills Center. In the Student Center Bldg. B 
Conf. Rm. 
ZIOO-.llOpm -Career Choices -HowlO 
decide. This workshop gives you steps to tak~ 
in Identifying possibl~ career choices, how to 
decide and put your decisions into action. 
Sponsored by Career Services Center. In the 

Reveil~ Formal lounge. 
4IOO-I.lO pm - Academic Writing In 
Spanish ~ una nueva actividad ~I Programa 
de L.eguas de OASIS. La clase esta disenada 
para estudlantes de rurses avanzados suI>-
graduados /"upper-division") que deseen 
perfeccionar los elementos gramaticales, 
sintacticos, y retorlcos del ~panol con elfin 
de produdr trabajos academicos de caUdad. 
"Term-papers" asignados en los diversos 
cursos de espanol s~ran tambien atendidos 
en ~te taller. In USB 40508. 
THURSDAY 
am -Int~rested in the health profaOOns7 
20 mlnu~ private appointments for career 
planning advic~ for students interested in 
h~alth careers. Call in advance for 
appointment. but no earlier than one week, 
Thursday and Friday. Health Sciences 
Advisory Program 452-4939. Sponsored ~ 
Career Services Center. In the Student Center 
Bldg. A 
11100 ... naan - Your Skills - Your 
Career. This workshop helps you identify and 
artlrulate your skills - and relat~ them to 
particulat car~rs. Sponsored ~ Career 
Services Center. In the Revell~ Formal 
lounge. 
4:00-6.00 pm - Videotape presentation r 
Justice Clatk and videotape tour of San' i 
Clara I..:IW School. In the Revelle fonT I 
lounge 
FRIDAY 
9100-10100 _ - The Language Prog IfTl 
Level I & " • This OASIS program focuse on 
the thinking skills you need to succ~' JIIy 
handle the reading and writing JSks 
assigned in your courses. It is des/g" : for 
those who want to perfect their ' gUsh 
language skills. LP dasses ate tal It ~ 
reading and writing specialists and ' 19UaI 
tutors, LP Is presented t7I the OASI! adIng 
& IJItIting Center, In USB 406M. 

r 



" " . 

J~ 
'. 

~ -, 
. 

·f 
L .. 

• 

J, 
\~ 

TH.I\SOAY, MAY 10 , 1964 
6:00 PM & 8:00 PM 

TRf roN PLe 
SPOOSffiEO BY A!::)S(JC I ATED STUJENTS 

FREE ADM f SS I ON 
...... ~ ... , *.;1\ .\}... • 

. '" . 

The San Diego Community CoUege District 
'Tuition-free to California residents. 55 to 550 fee for fall classes . 

Stripper 
UlHWlU Cd from page 13 
Gary. Three beats. The musIc comes on, 
loud . cuning th rough the chaner. 
making ir obvious what I am gOing to 
do because it is THE strip-tease song. 
Gary grins . I rip off my scarf and wrap 
it around his neck. The crowd cheers. 
Gary slill grins , but looks embarrassed. 
My belt comes off next, and after I toss 
it to Gary and do a bump and grind in 
front of his face the crowd cheers even 
louder, cameras flash, Gary reaches for a 
beer. My jacket is next, I toss it so that 
it covers Gary's face, everyone laughs. 
Gary pretends he is enjoying this. Next [ 
bend over, gradually pulling my skin up 
behind me, until my rear end is in 
Gary's face. The cheers and laughs are 
loudest here. Gary makes motions like 
he is going to pinch me. His friends rib 
him. He crosses his legs. I uncross 
them. My blouse is next; people Stop 
talking in antiCipation. I take it off in 
front of Gary's face. He turns away and 
looks down. Someone yells that I am 
stacked. The drunkest woman in the 
crowd whistles. Her friends shush her. 
Finally, I bend over and take off my 
skin. I am in a black and red teddy, 
and underneath that I am wearing a 
matching bra, panties, ganer belt and 
stockings. Everyone cheers. They are not 
sure if it is over. I tell Gary that I have 
something sweet and yummy for him, 
the guys laugh , I pull my sucker out, the 
women laugh . Someone says that that is 
so cute. I force -feed the sucker to Gary, 
and someone asks him if it tastes like 
tuna fish . I laugh, as if no one has ever 
said that before. Then I pull my teddy 
off. It is my favorite pan of the act Gary 
lowers his eyes. He is trying to pretend 
that he is not aroused. I finish , and the 
dance is over. Gradually , I become re-
aware of the people in the room; they 
are all smoking, most are drunk. I smile 
and pull out a yellow telegram. "j have a 
Strip-a-Gram for Gary," I say. 'Can I sit 
on your lap?" Gary says sure. Everyone 
laughs, someone tells me to watch out 
for his stick. I settle myself on his lap, 
and read/ recite the telegram: "wehadthis 
girldanceandremovehe rclothesshegyrated 
foryouheavenknowsshebumpedandshe 
groundtilhenootsiesweresoreshegaveyou 
hersuckerwhocouldwan tmoreyou'reloved 
andwantedthat'sundoubtedlywhywesent 
youth isdarli ngthoughyousa yyouaresh y 
reservedrespectfulandcomposedtothecore 
i nshortgaryyoumustthinkyou'reonehellofa 
borebutyou'renotyou'reacharmeryou're 
smoothdebonairsowescntyouthisstripa 
gramwiththeappropriateflairhappy 
birthdayfromyourcrazedbuttastefulfriends. 
Sealed With A Kiss. P.S. thisgiftis 
unwrappednopapemobowshappybirthday 
toyounowi'Uputonmyclothes. But fi rst I 
have a special Ireat for everyone." I 
laugh when someone yells, "She's gonna 
take !t all off!" I say, "It's ten dollars off 
on our Strip-A-Grams." I pass out my 
ca rds, givi ng several to the heckler. His 
fnends laugh . I go back to Gary, ask 
him if he will show me to the bathroom 
so I can change. He tells hiS frIends he'll 
be back in a few hours. He asks me if I 
need help; I tell him I put my clothes on 
as well as lake the III ofr. I shut him out 
of the bathroom. change, wash my 
hands, wipe the memory of his kiss 
from my lips Arranging a smile. I go 
back Out Everyone telb me I was good. 
I sm ile, thank David , ki SS Gary, pretend 
I have another Joh so [ have to go. Gary 
lipS me, ten dollars . Okay. I leave, 
rel.IxlI1g when I gel to my car,. blasting 
my stereo, spceding home. Thiny-Ove 
dollars (3' faCial), Of teen minutes. 

And so It goe - SIX Gary ,lI1d 
DaVids a week. They're all Ihe same. 
Sometimes I gtt med of Ihe whole thing. 
I get even more tired of people asking 
me ahout my lob. It's the same tvery 
time , I have nothmg new to lell. 
~mctimes I ~Imuse myscll by ,lI1swe ring, 
Well, yes I do take \I aU oil , Ihen I give 

the guy a blo"'9ob." But that cmb,masses 
people. So usually I JUSt tell about David 
or Gary or John or jeff or ronyor Phil 
or anyone of the men I h,lVe siripped 
ror, the man t1llcsn't matter, the story 
and Ihe pay heck Will be the same. 

Tritons earn first-ever J2laJ-oJi berth 
UCSD dons rally attire just in time 
By JEFF SAVAGE 

The UCSD Tritons began their march 
toward the NAlA District 3 
Championship Saturday as they 
survived Cal Baptist 9-7 and outlasted 
Point Lama 10-9 in the district mini-
tournament at Olsen Field . UCSD will 
now meet three-time defending 
champion Azusa Pacific in the first 
round of the District 3 double-
elimination tournament this Thursday 
morning al Point Lorna. Cal Lutheran 
battles Southern Cal College in the 
arternoon contest. 

By winning the two games and the 
mini-tourney, UCSD enters the playoffs 
for the first time ever. And like most 
things precious, it wasn't easy. 

Donning full rally auire in the second 
game a /a Arizona State, the Tritons 
came back twice, scoring Jour runs in 
the 'eighth to take a 9-7 lead, and one 
in the ninth to snap a nine-all tie and 
win the game. The Sun Devils often 
wear their caps inside out when they 
need a boost late in a game. The Tritons 
must have felt they needed an elevator 
ride, as they turned not only their caps 
inside out, but also their jerseys, 
sweatshirts, jackets and pants (including 
rally pockets). It was a successful move. 
It wouldn't have been without some 
success at the plate, too. • 

j im Manin started the eighth-inning 
rally rather innocently with a lazy fly ball 
to right-center. But as the two Crusader 
fielders converged on the ball, borh 
pulled up at the last, desperate moment 
and watched as it fell untouched 
between them. Manin thanked them as 
he cruised imo second base with a 
freebie . After Dennis Costa popped out, 
Klaudio Biazevich doubled down the 
leftfield line, and Manin coasted home 
to slice the Pt. Lorna lead to one at 7-6. 
Biazevich moved to third when 
Crusader reliever Todd Boswell gunned 
a pitch to the backstop, but Boswell got 
a second chance and came through as 
David Stanovich hit a shot back to the 
box. With twO out and the Tritons less 
than 90 feet away from the tie, Pt. Loma 
intentionally walked the ever-dangerous 
Bob Natal to put the winning run on 
base. Rule number 51S:C of the official 
Baseball Strategy at Any Level book reads: 
"Never, under any circumstances, 
intentionally place the opponent's 
potential winning run on base except in 
a force -out situation." The Crusader 
coach must be illiterate. He elected to 

Natal de lIvered (/ rhrcc-nm bias/... 

FOlJet something? Chris Stavros jars the baU loose to score in UCSD's 9-7 win ove~ Baptist. 

put Natal aboard to get to Don Petersen, 
who only had four hits on the day. 
Petersen promptly Singled to left to drive 
in Biazevich for a 7-7 tie. After Derek 
Alkonis walked,joe Wolf jumped on a 
2-2 pitch and laced a Single to left to 
drive home two more and seemingly 
win the game. But remember, this 
puppy was precious. 

In the top of the nimh, Pt. Loma's 
George Wessels Singled ofT Mike 
Petersen to bring big john Marrin to the 
plate. Manin hit the ball so far that 
Triton leftfielder jim Manin didn 't 
bother to rum around and lose Sight of 
it. The ball went over the fence the 
trees and the rainbow to knot i~ at nine. 

Triton skipper Lyle Yates summoned 
knuckleballer Rob Haswell to the 
mound, and after a single, a groundout, 
a walk and a sunset, Yates called for a 
little heat in the dark and brought in 
Kevin ("Goose") Illingworth. Good move. 
Lyle. Illingworth gOt the next two batters 
to bounce out, setting the stage for a 
quick capper to the evening. 

The first pitch to Jim Manin in the 
bottom of the ninth hits him in the hip. 
(Doesn't anybody on Pt. Lorna read that 
strategy book?) On a 3-2 count, Dennis 
Costa draws a walk. (l guess not.) Both 
runners move up on a wild pitch. 
(Please, somebody read for him, quick! ) 
The Crusader reliever has to leave the 
game because he's late for his remedial 
reading lesson , and the staning pitcher, 
Many Hosea, comes in from centerfield , 
where he had been slationed since 
having been replaced in the fifth . Hosea 
soon wishes he had stumbled and 
broken his ankle on the jog in from 
center. Biazevich emphatically lines a 
base hit to left , and that's the ball game. 
The team forms a big pile near first 
base, the Goose gets the win, Biazevich 
gets the game winner, and Lyle finally 
gets a break. 

The Tritons wouldn't have had to fool 
with theh clothing in the first place if 
they would have just held on to a 5-1 
lead in the sixth. But a tired Steve 
Saggiani surrendered three nms to allow 
the Crusaders to make a game of it. PI. 
Loma picked up another run in the tOP 
of the eighth off Triton reliever Frank 
Califano to tic the game at five , and 
then catcher Derek Alkonis made a huge 
mistake. After Califano left and Pctersen 
took the hill . the Tritons ~ und 
themselves in a hcap of trouble with 
Crusaders on every base. But Petersen 

appeared to be getting out of it when , 
with two outs and two strikes on a 
substitute shortstop, Alkonis sprang from 
his crouch and fired a snap throw to 
first base to move the runner back. The 
ball sailed ten feet high and bounced 
down the leftfield line, and twO 
Crusaders crossed the plate. 

"My heart stopped and I couldn't 
breathe ," said Yates of the play. ' You 
can't yell at him because it's toO late, 
and you can't say 'Don't throw in a 
situation like that: because you'd never 
expect him to think about doi ng it. It 
was an aggressive play, but it shouldn't 
have been done." The miscue gave Pt. 
Lorna a 7-5 lead, and perhaps if not for 
the modeling of that new Triton rally 
wear in the bottom half of the inning, 
Pt. Lama would be facing Azusa Pacific 
Thursday. 

UCSD got the 5-1 lead after Pt. Lorna 
scored a run in the first. In the bottom 
of the second , Wolf. who has been 
coming to practice early and staying 
until dark to work on hjs hilting, lined a 
double off the left-centerfield fence. 
With one out, Martin smacked a pitch 
to the wall in left-center, and it hit 
nearly the same spot. After Wolf crossed 
the plate , Biazevich singled home 
Manin , and UCSD grabbed a 2-1 
advantage. 

The Tritons got three more in the 
third when Bob Natal walked, and on a 
hil-and-run , Don Petersen tripled to the 
right-centerfield gap, scori ng Natal. 
Alkonis followed with a sacrifice fly to 
center to score Pelersen. Then, .after 
Wolf reached first on an error. the 
umpire inadvenently got into the action. 
With john Rosness at the plate, the 
Crusader ca tcher asked for a curve low 
and away. But mstead , Hosea came in 
with a fastball high and tight, and the 
ball struck umpire Bob Weishan on the 
elbow. Play was halted for nearly 30 
minutes as UCSD trainer Rhys 
Danylyshyn-Adams went through his 
Ice-Man rouune wilh some patchwork 
on Weishan. Following the resumption 
of play, Rosness and Manin walked. 
They advanced to second and Ihird as 
Wolf was tagged out at the plate on an 
attempted _ uicide squeeze , and Rosness 
scored on a wild pitch . 

The Pt. Lorna game staned over an 
hour laiC , because while the Tritons 
were taking their time disposing of Cal 
B'-lPUSI, PI. Lama was busy taking 12 
innmg to be.!t Westmont down south. 

And on the ride up to UCSD, the 
Crusader bus reportedly broke down. 

The Lancers didn't give the Tritons 
an easy time of it in the opener, as 
Mike Petersen had to stifle an eighth-
inning rally that nearly saw UCSD give 
the game away. 

Going into the eighth. UCSD was 
holding a seemingly comfonable 9-3 
lead , but with the bases loaded and 
nobody out, Petersen entered the game 
to replace Mark Sloan, who had pitched 
a superb game. Petersen quickly 
disposed of the first two Lancers, bur on 
an 0-1 pitch he hit jeff Grotewald in the 
side to force across a run. Petersen then 
induced Ruben Castro to lirt a fly ball to 
right, bur Alkonis dropped it, allOWing 
three runs to score. If not for a 
marvelous diving stop by Stanovich at 
second base to throw out George 
Cordero and cut the rally ofT there , 
Alkonis would probably be suffering 
from an acute case of insomnia right 
now. 

Petersen faced four batters in the 
ninth and struck out the side to earn 
his third save of the year, a UCSD 
record. 

UCSD was down 3-0 early, but took a 
two-run lead with a five-run uprising in 
the third , thanks in large pan to jim 
Martin's two-run double . 

Bob atal, still a freshma n, although it 
seems as if he's been playing for three 
years now, gave the Tritons their 9-3 
lead in the sixth with a tremendous 
three-run home run - hiS II th of the 
year. Natal now leads the team in runs 
batted in with 43. 

Sloan picked up the win to run his 
record to 7-4 on the season. He pitched 
extremely well; in fact, only one of Cal 
BaptiSt'S seven runs was earned. The 
Tritons committed six errors in the 
ballgame. Pressure at its finest. 

Yates was very impresed with Sloan's 
performance, and has pencilled him in 
as the staner Thursday against the big 
bats of Azusa Pacific. If the Tritons win 
they will advance to the winner's ' 
bracket and face the winner of the Cal 
Lutheran-SCC game which is to follow. 

Between games, there will be a 
District 3 awards ceremony honoring 
the All-Conference players. From UCSD. 
three players were selected to the first 
team: catcher Bob Natal, outfielder 
Derek Alkonis and third baseman Don 
Petersen. 

... and SIoa~ ~hut down Baptist in a 9-7 Win. 



. -, 

20 May 7, 1984 
SPORTS , 

. ~ • ... .. ~ .... ~.' :~~.' " . <.;..,' ..... '.~ . ",»;~ .... : .... "X.. ... . '< .. 2 . ... ' ... , '.. ..' ~~ ~::::> • • ~ ~:::-".... ....; . .,. .. • . 

Tritons storm the p"lay.9.ff~ 

Sweep provides fitting finish for UCSD 
By JEFF SAVAGE 

What a difference a year can make. 
Last year, coach Colleen Wight was 
working twO Jobs, Vanessa Davis wa 
just learning how to pI! h , and the 
UCSD softball team finished the season 
8-22, with four of the eight wins coming 
on forfeits by U D for using an 
ineligible player. This year, a substant ial 
salary raise has allowed Wight to devOte 
her ome to the team; Davis, after 
refining her skills through the summer, 
led the world with a 23-8 record and 
1.09 earned run average; and UCSD 
finished 30-12 to quahf)1 for th e CM 
Division 111 Western Regional playoffs. 

The Tmons swept a doubleheader 
from Redland Friday at Warren Field to 
ensure their panlcipaoon in the first 
round of the Div. 1Il playoffs in Storm 
Lake , Iowa this coming weekend. 
Although the si te and the pairings will 
not be officially declared until this 
afternoon, UCSD will most likely open 
the first round Friday against either 
Buena Vista College of Iowa or Augburg 
College of MinnesOta. The team will 
probably leave some time Wednesday, 
with the CM covering the airfare and 
the AthletiC Department covenng the 
lodging and miscellaneous expenses. 

A number of tangibles have played a 
factor in UCSD's sudden success, the 
first of which is the UCSD 
administration. Last year, the Tritons 
could n't prepare as they would have 
liked to with fall practice sessions, 
because Wight could not afford to work 
a full-time job on a part-time salary. But 
the administration gave the Athletic 
Department a much-needed boost with 
an overall coaching salary Increase of 
well over 300%, and Wight, as are many 
other coaches, is now able to devote 
more orne toward preparation for the 
coming season. 

The second factor In the team's 
success is the emergence of Davis as 

host of new talent to this year's line-up. 
Freshman Tanya Keedy led the 
conference with a .394 batting average 
and the team with 30 RBis , and has 
been nominated for All-American 
honors. She, along with Hammett (a 
recnlit from Yorba Lmdal, third 
baseman Martha Bronson (a walk-on 
from Chatswonhl, senior Kim Allen 
(from the UCSD basketball team) and 
clutch-hitting Barbara Arnold, form the 
nucleus of the newcomer squad. 

The fourth factor is the hitting of Pam 
Hardaway, who leads the club with four 
home runs , is tied with Keedy in RBis 
with 30, and is just behind in batting 
average at .384 (Davis is third at .313 
and Cathy Williamson is fourth at .304). 

But perhaps the most important factor 
of all is the continuiry of this year's 

ballclub. The team has a lot of character, 
and Wight finds hcr job much easier as 
a result. "I don't have to try to get them 
up as I did last year because they get 
cach other up," explains Wight. "Last 
ycar, there was only so much I could do 
with the losing season that we had , but 
rhis year it's a whole different 
atmosphere ." Considering the difference 
111 records, that's not a big shock. 

Againsr Redlands Friday, the Tritons 
had an easy rime of ir, winning rhe 
opener 5-2 before battling back in the 
nightcap to win 2-1. 

In rhe flrsr game, Hardaway scored 
UCSD's first run as she reached base on 
a fielder's choice, moved to second on 
Allen's sacrifice bunt up the first 
baseline, and advanced to third when 
the first baseman forgot to pick up the 

ball. She scored on Grace Bearis' bunt to 
first. 

The Tritons scored the rest of their 
runs in thc rourth when Hardaway 
started it off again , (his time Wilh a 
single. Allen singled to right to move 
Hardaway to second , but the rightfielder 
misplayed the ball and both runners 
moved up. Arnold followed with a 
sacrifice bunt to first base, and the first 
baseman overthrew the bag. allOWing 
both Hardaway and Allen to score. 
Bearis Singled to right field , stole both 
second and third bases, and scored on 
Hammett's single to center. Hammell 
scored the final UCSD run or the inning 
when Bronson sacrificed her to second, 
and Davis bounced one to the left side 
or the infield, where the shortstop 
scooped it up and promptly tossed it 
over the first baiCman's head for a run-
scoring error. 

The Bulldogs came lip with both of 
their runs in the sixth, as Davis 
surrendered a single, hit a batter, 
allowed a sacrifice, and then watched as 
shortstop Hardaway fielded a grounder 
and threw it away for one of her rare 
errors. 

The second game unveiled some of 
that Triton charaCler, as UCSD got 
behind early, then came back to win. 

With Hammett on the mound and 
Davis doing the catching (the pair 
serves as an interchangeable battery), 
Redlands got its run in the second 
inning. Two walks followed by a single 
produced a r\.In, but Hammett managed 
to choke off the rally there. Although 
that was the only hit Hammett allowed, 
Wight switched the two pitchers in the 
founh inning because Hammett was not 
feeling well. Davis did not allow a hit 
the rest of the way. 

one of the best pitchers 10 Div. III 
softball . Pla)'lng catcher last year, Davis 
was pressed Into mound service halfway 
through the season in nothing short of a 
desperation move Along With her feats 
noted above , DaVIS also compiled a 
remarkable 0.90 ERA in conference 
games. The Tmons also have a back-up 
pitcher in Charissa Hammett (7-5 , 2.41 
ERA), a luxury they did not enjoy last 
year. 

The third factor is the arrival of a Having a ball - Pam Hardaway helped UCSD tum '83 's 8-22 nightmare into '84's 30-12 dream. 

U., waited until the bottom of the 
seventh inning (games last only seven 
innings) before staging the comeback. 
Davis led off lhe inning with a single. 
Williamson moved Davis to second with 
another Single, and with nobody out, 
Keedy stepped to the pia Ie. The 
freshman leftflelder lined the neXI pitch 
[or a double to drive in both Davis and 
Williamson for the dramatic win, 
finalizing an incredible 30-12 season 
that has made people notice UCSD's 
newest playoff-bound squad. 

Next stop, Iowa. 

HAIRCUTS $995 
Includes: 

• Shampoo 
• Conditioner 

only 

AIR 
DESIGNS 

Also Featuring: 
Curls, Relaxers and Waves 

PERMS $2495 
Includes: 

• Shampoo 
• Conditioner 

only 

Using TCB Products With Specialists Willie or Ike 

OPEN 7 DAYS 
APPOINTMENT NOT NECESSARY 

UNIVERSITY TOWNE CENTRE - 455-0420 

PROPHET PRODUCnONS &. KSOT 95.7 CABLE FM PRESENT 
THE lRD ANNUAL MEMORIAL TRIIUTE TO BOB MARUY 

UK REGGAE 
THEITALVITAL EXPLOSION! 

SHOW STARTS AT 8:30 PM 
110.110 genefGI ~ /IJ aoeo __ .-A'I'!lb. 

locke" aYallable at Lou's Records (Erclnilas). Sound Spec~t.m (Laguna Beach). 011 The Record. 
Llcooce PIzza (PIl). ArCade Music (downtown II. 08). Tt-.> Baobab. It-.> Prolll1et. UCSO 80, OfIIce. 
SOSU 80, Olllce. 3200 5t Navat Station. and 011 1""'"",t locations Follnlo 283-1566 01 239·5139 

t-__ ~~=---:-:-REGGAE ON THE RADIO:~~..,.,.....,.....,....,.. __ --I 
DREAD Al THE CONTROLS. SUNDAYS I 4 PM ON KSDT 95.7 CABlE FM 

REGGAE MAKO~. SUNDAYS 10 PM ON 91X 

Running Thoughts 
By JEFF SAVAGE 

When the Baltimore Colts moved to Indianapolis, they were fonunate to escape a 
great controversy just by being the Colts. If they were the Baltimore Congressmen, for 
example, they would have had to change their name. Indianans don't even have a 
Congressman, do they? The funny thing is, the incongruous nickname probably would 
have been left alone anyway. 

For some strange reason, organizations don't like to mess with their names. The 
Senators were smarr when they changed their name to the Rangers after moving from 
Washington to Texas. But what were the Lakers thinking when they left Minneapolis 
and the Great Lakes for Los Angeles and the Great Freeways? The closest LA comes to 
having its own water is Perrier and acid rain . The Jazz was great for New Orleans, but 
what does il have to do with Utah? Mormons don't listen to jazz. Why not the Utah 
Salt DepoSits instead? 

Some teams do have appropriate names. San Francisco has the 4gers, Detroit has 
the Pistons and New York has the Jets. But (here are no longer any miners in the Ciry. 
There are a lot of people who live alternative lifestyles, though. How about the San 
Francisco Gays? A car pan is a good idea for Detroit, but why settle for just a parr? 
How about the Detroit Lemons? The Detroit Auto Workers? The Detroit Failing AutO 
Industries? With airplanes thundering over Shea Stadium every three minutes, Jets is 
an appropriate name for New York. But there's better. How about the New York 
Pedestrians? New York has more pedestrians than jets, doesn't it? How about New 
York Taxis or New York Muggers , for that matter. 

The Big Apple has wit. Besides the Jets, New York has the Nets and the Mets. So the 
Nets play across the river - why get technical? Nets is a neat name. It not only 
rhymes with Jets and Mets, it also has an association with the equipment used in the 
game. Same with the LA Strings of tennis. Why can't more teams have neat names? 
Instead of the Bruins, Broncos and Cubs, we could have the BostOn Pucks, the Denver 
Goalposts and the Chicago Rightfield Lines. And what is a Met, anyway? Did New York 
misspell the word Mit? JUSt as Knicks is shon for Knickerbockers , is Mets short for 
Metropolis? Metamorphosis? Metaphysics? 

Still, having the Mets,Jets and Nets is cool. What if New York gets a USFL 
franchise? Housion has the Gamblers, so New York could have the Bets. A tennis team 
could be th~ New York Sets or the New York Lets (or did they already try that?). Teams 
seem to really go for animal names, so how about the New York Pets? 

Philadelphia has the 
76m, Stars, Eagles, Flyers 
and Phillies. The first four 
are fine, but what is a Philly? 
It's not the horse - that's 
Filly. Is it supposed to be a 
derivative of the city name? 
We are so used to Phillies 
that we don't even realize 
how silly it is. To prove it, 
how does the Boston Bossies 
or even the Montreal 
Monties sound? Or worse 
yet, the Los Angeles Lossies 
or the Pinsburgh Pirties? 

Congratulate Houston for 
the Oilers, but what the hell 
is an Astro? I suppose it has 
something to do with the 
ballpark they play in - the 
Astrodome. If that's the case, 
why don't the Kings play in 
Seattle's Kingdome? Or the 
Supers in Louisiana's 
Superdome? Why aren't the 
Collies in the Coliseum or 
the Mads in Madison Square 
Garden? 

The Mads will probably be the next nickname to come. The USFL has taken all the 
tough names, and Mads is the only one left. The new league has the Maulers, Outlaws, 
Bandits, Irtvaders and Gunslingers. They need some competition. The Mads could 
provide that. 

The USFL does have some nice names, too. Federals. Stars. Gold. Express .. Gee, 
those are peaceful, aren) they? But not as mild as the NFL's Saims. Or baseball's 
Angels. An opponent could get motivated battling (he Maulers or the Outlaws, but 
who'd want to tackle a Saint? Or collide at home plate with an Angel? 

Kansas City has all the great names. With the Kings and the Chiefs and the Royals, 
KC must be the sports capital of the world . Along with the Jazz, there's also the St. 
Louis Blues, so maybe if Kansas City gets a hockey team, it would be called the Kansas 
City Classics. 

Blues is a good name because it serves a dual purpose: it's a style of music as well as 
a color. But the color blue isn't appropriate with St. Louis unless there are a lot of sad 
people there. Nor does the color red have anything to do with Cincinnati, yet we have 
the Cincinnati Reds. And why Browns for Cleveland? If sports has to have color 
nicknames, why not make some sense and change Miami Dolphins to Miami Oranges? 

Some team names can make good headlines. The San Diego Clippers can sink, float 
or sail into town. The Portland Trailblazers can set their sights, reach new heights or 
get lost. What the hell can a Laker do? 

But you know what really blows me away? How twO different teams can have the 
same name. There's the Giants from San Francisco and New York, the Rangers from 
Texas and New York, the Kings from Los Angeles and Kansas City, the Lions from 
Detroit and British Columbia and the Tigers from Detroit and HamiltOn . Hamilton and 
British Columbia are Canadian football teams, and they stole their names from Delroit. 
I wonder why they didn't want the Pistons, too. The Canadian Football League is so 
conrused that it even named two o[ its teams by the same name: both Ottawa and 
Saskatchewan have the Roughriders. And St. Louis wa going so well with the Blues 
until they blew i( with the same name for both their baseball and football teams - the 
Cardmals . What is wrong With these organizations? an 't (hey be creative instead of 
copycats? There, that's a good one. What's wr ng with the Copycats? And no one has 
dibs on Pandas, Elks or Hycnas. Think of the headlines for Hyenas: "Hyenas laugh 
Maulers o ut of town with win." Or, "Hyenas the laughingstOck or the league." 

And what in the world is a harger? Is it it battery? A knight on it galloping teed? A 
wife with credit card ? 

And who came up with Blitz or Blast? Why not Buzzards or Blizzards? Is Steelcr 
supposed to be' shon for Steelworker? 'What's the attra tion to the car f,lmily7 What (he 
hell are Expos? Why so many birds? There arc too damn many birds. , , , , _ - . " . 

~..d6¢.... All YOU CAN EAT! 
~;;, 6J _ $250 . 

Mondays: 3:00 p,m. till close 
------------------------------------UCSD Special 

FREE Pitcher of Beer vvith any large Pizza 
with this ad 

------------------------------------

Open for Breakfast at 7:00 am 
Phone Ahead: 452-0661 An Items Available to Gol 

5 minutes from the UCSD ......... "' ..... 
tag 

KITCHEN 
City, 

7:OOam-ll 

Fainilyt 
- Planning: -ll 

I . 
a choice, -
a reS])onsibility 
california's finest and most experienced family planning 
networ/{, offering concerned professional care lor women 
'inca 1969 ... 

III 

• JI1llm prepancy ""U, 
with results while you wa.it 

• Unplanned pregnancy / 
general or local anesthesia 

• Birth control 
• Gynecolog1~l exams 
FamHy Pllmnlnl 
Associllta M~caJ Group 
SAN DIEGO 
6496 Alvarado Rd. 

(Ill) U'I-IIII 
confid.ntial- »l'of ••• 10nal- .ffol'dabl. 

Engineering and 
Science Majors 

We have openings for qualified personnel in three distinct area : 

OPERATING ENGINEER - Primary responsibility includes 
supervision of operating nuclear propulsion systems. 

DESIGNIRESEARCH ENGINEER - Working in the planning, teiSting 
and design aspects of engi.neering. 

PROFESSIONAL INSTRUCTOR - Teaching math, chemistry, 
physics and engineering to highly motivated, intelligent students 
on both the graduate and undergraduate levels. 

Salaries start in excess of $24,000 and rise to $50,000 in five years. 
Scholarships of $1,000 per month are available to exceptional 
students in their Junior and Senior years. 

QUALIFICATIONS: Male or Female, U.S. CitIzen 
Ages 19 to 29 
College Graduates or 
Seniorsl]unior . 
BS/ MS preferred 
Good health 

For more information call 293·6691 
Monday·Wednesday, 8 am· 4 pm 



22 May 7, 198'1 
.Pf RSPECTIVES 
~ • .;;.:.~ ~~ ':-~:::". ' ~::--'~;,o:.)o;.~' x~· . .. .. ..,.),:. V;"<>Mo b • ,:.: <). " 

CINEMA OF JAPAN 
fill'" l ' '''I\lit~II' I\l'\r\ N 

A F ULL LI FE 
(I Qb2 \ h) ~u,umu Ham 

MJ\ 8 

LATE S PRI~G 
(1949) by YasuJlro Ow 

May IS 

All fi lms In Japanese wuh English "bIllIes 
Senes. 55 00. Single $1.50 

T LJE,DAYS, P ETERSON H ALL 108.730 PM 
'--__________ ~UCSD Bo, orrllc. ~S2-4SS,2.9 __________ ___J 

The Grove Gollery In 
conjunction with the Third 
World Studies Program (( 
present ffoD J t 

Mt4fOfCJt 
11(t 

Pictures drawn by 
Atomic Bomb 
Survivors 

APRIL 30 - MAY 10 
A traveling exhlbltlo~ from the 
Peace Museum, Chicago, III, 

MONDAY - FRIDAY 10 am - 5 

GROVE GAllERY 
lHE UNIVERSITY Of CALIFOIlNIA 

CRAfTS CENIER 

LOW INTERESI 
STUDENT LOANS. GET ABOARD NOW AT;'· 

WELLS FARGO BANK. 

Low int ............. , We ............ to ...... with ca ............ .. 
Wells Fargo Bank is strong on student loans with the plans, tenns, and money you need 
to minimize financial worries_ 
Barrow $1,000" $8,000 per y .... Tak. 5 .. 10 y ....... repay. 
Wells Fargo offers two special plans, the California Guaranteed Student Loan (CGSL) 
and the California Loans to Assist Students (CLAS), Both have low, fixed interest 
rates and flexible repayment plans, Depending on your circumstances and the loans you 
choose, you can borrow $1,000 to $8,000 per year and take 5 to 10 years to repay, And 
you may not have to start repaying until after you graduate, 
Ouick .... on ... 
You want fast answers to your loan request. Our on,line system gives you quick 
turnaround and immediate infonnation about your loan whenever you want it. 
Wells Fargo wants to help finance your education_ Don't delay, Call or visit the Wells Fargg 
Student Loan Representative at the office nearest you today, 

....... PaLoner 
La Jolla Office, 1075 Wall Street, La Jolla -459-3491 

w ....... _k I. st ..... on loans. 
"-,,lMB£H' ;,) I C -

Gambling 
Gringo 
lOlI(ln ucd from page H 
timc, he has already placed Lynn's bet 
and we arc si lting In seats out of the 
general hubbub while he does some 
figuring on our Exacta race. He has 
ex plained handicapping to me before , 
and I understand the basic notion of 
-class"; how a horse is rated by his 

'previous starts, his level of competition, 
his finish times, and whether he is a 
strong finisher or not. Statistics, 
however, are not my subject, and I leave 
the numerical adjustments to El Raja. 
He has my $20; he will put it where he 
wa nts to. 

Instead, I get up and walk over to a 
uniformed Mexican who is apparently 
In charge of security. His revolver is 
pearl-handled, blue With fresh oiling, a 
long barreled .45 . There is also a tin star 
on hiS black cap. His eyes move around 
In his motlonless head while he surveys 
the room. In my broken , half-eloquent 
Spamsh I attempt a short intervicw: 

"EI scnor es par el segundad? (Sir, 
you are Serurity?)" 

A slight gleam comes intO his dark 
brown eyes, "S[''' 

"Es empleo peligroso? (It is dangerous 
work?)" 

lIe grunts suspiCiously. doesn't nod . 
"Gana mucho?" 
lIe manages a smile, missing plenty 

of teeth , and rubs his fingers, "Claro que 
silt' 

The rest of his answers are terse and 
short, as if someone IS watching him 
and he wants to impress them. I know 
pan of his suspicion stems from certain 
questions being phrased incorrectly, but 
he can see I'm JUSt a damn gringo. 

I came to understand that he works 
lor both the government of Baja 
California and the FamllTa V , 
which operates the bUSiness. Robberies 
have happened once or twice, but, no, it 
is not a particularly dangerous job. I ask 
for his name, but this putS him 'off and 
he pretends as if he has a job to do, 
which I can see is actually to do 
nothing but display his shiny pistOl. 

I observe the crowd, maybe 300 or 
400 people in a hall the size of a 
basketball coun. There are several 
Americans , sore thumbs in Levis and 
baseball caps, or else tOo fashionable , 
couples like Gretchen and Duff. The 
Mexicans, who dominate the population 
here, are less easily strati fied , though 
you can't miss the difTerence between 
the businessmen on their lunch hour 
and the poor beggars who scraped all 
morning to put 20 pesos on Bold Brother 
in the last run at Ruidoso Downs. They 
don't have a lot In common, but they 
are all natives of the Foreign Book. 

Morning runs into afternoon, the one 
sure bet, and El Raja sends me for tacos 
and beer. I buy the food from a street 
vendor who makes his tacos out of a 
roll ing cart. He smiles mischievously as 
he squi rts tabasco over my order. I get 
the beer across the street at one of the 
many Iicorias on the avenue. No Molson, 
so I bring two Bohemias in a paper 
sack. 

'Jackie just won $60," EI Raja ,sounds 
disgusted. 

"Great! " I say. 
"Not so .... I never placed her bet." 
"You what?" 
EI ROJo shrugs. "So I was cheating. 

She wasn't suppa ed to win. I can make 
it (III back with our Exacta. Whm the 
hell beer t~ [his, they didn 't have 

orona?" 
I am dl!oappointcd , but nO! surprised. 

I realize now that for all the losing bets 
[here is profit in making book <lod 
paying the winners. EI ROJo is nOlhing 
more than a bookie's bookie , plaCing the 
bets he wams [0 with other people's 
cash ... and winning. I cat my tacO, 
guzzle my beer, and look arou nd at the 
world through wate,y eyes. The 

~casomng is perfect. If thiS is really nOl 
beer (III I can say IS that dog tastes fine . 

CIOIIIfIed adYertItlng apace II aoId In 100 
charac'.r Incr.m.n'l, Each 1.II.r, 
punduallon mark and apace ...... ." 
wordlll~ac:haracter, wIItI cap/lal 
I ..... counting CII two charocten, Th. rale II $1.(11 per 100 charac:t.rl for atudenta and 
$3.00 per 100 characterl for ncHHtudInII, 
You muat come I:Iv the oIIce or mall In your 
ad, CII 1M .-qulr. ~ In advance 01 

~1caIIon. DeaclIneI: a pm TUeIdar for 
n",,1dW1 paper; a pm FrI. for MondaY. 
paper, !'or more IntormaIIon, call ~, 
Ihe QuardIan, UCSD, 1-016, La Jolla, CA 
92093. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 

I..Oor'r4:IVa (eggoil) salel Tue. & Wed. on the 
plaza III In tront of the gym (5/7) 
"AER<DYNAMICS cJ high altitude. hIgh 
perforinance vehldes" will be given by Harry 
.James of Teledyne Ryan Aeronwtlcal on 
Wed. May 9 at 7:30 pm In UH 2102. Sponsored 
by Mechanical Eng. Club. (5/7) 
Alaska Summer jobs - Good moneySS. Parks, 
Asherles. wHderness resorts. logging and 
much more. .. Summer Employment Guide. 
1964 listings. S4. 95. NorthQ.Jest, 300 UnIonA'oI9. 
Bldg. 12 Campbell. CA 95008. (5/10) 
INSURANCE WARI We'll beat any price ar we 
don't 'Mlnt your business. Call 28&1135. 
Request UCSD Plan. (5/7) 
Wonted: Watermelon Queen. Reward: $SO. If 
found. please turn In at Revelle PrOll.'S Ole. by 
6/4. (5/17) 
Irs coming I Irs comlngl Irs comlngl Irs 
comlngl Come join us In the Delta Gamma 
Splash May 12. (5/10) . 
·Doo·t miss this' The 1984 UCSD SemI-Formal 
- May 19 at the Sheraton Harbor Island. Tix. 
59ea At UCSD Box OIflce. (5/7) 
Come get wet with the DG's at the Delta 
Gamma Splash on May 12'1 (5/10) 
Get wet. wild. and crazy at the Delta Gamma 
Splash on May 141 (5/14) 
'1984 UCSD Seml-formal' Dance to Dirk 
Debonolre and the Rebel Rockers. T1x. Sge0. 
Available newt (5/7) 

FOR SALE 
76 Dodge Colt, runs great, new paint and 
IF .. good goa mileage. 1500 ar belt ask for 
Nick 453-4093. (5/10) 
Surlboad, twin fin, excellent condition, uIfro. 
light, 5't:r, fast III maneuverablel S95/b,o .. 454-
3410. (5/14) 
Motorc.ycle: Honda Twlnslar 10 milage; great 
condn super roadbIke SnSo.b.o. + helmets 

~Q048. (5/2A) 

/>ole your feet tired from walking ThIrd College 
to Revelle? Treat yourself to Inexpensive relief. 
Coli 272-0356. (5/10) 
Martel< radio - pb/alr/~/arn/tm In new 
condo Must sell. Asking S30 but will take best 
orrer. Greg 453-3264. (5/7) 
Fender Jaguar w/case 64 5250, PecNy 130w 
combo bass amp - best cAfer, PeaJV P-4Q 
Bass - best. 454-2342. (5/10) 
Camara Classic ' 70 Rally Sport; 350. 
automatic, power brakes & steering. AC. Top 
condition Inside and out. One OIIInf1I. Full 
service records. 52690. Phone 295-0258. 
(5/10) 
78 WI Bus Clean. Strong rumlng. 831< miles. 
Must Selil Asking S3.500. Otter/ BIll 755-7468. 
(5/10) 
SUzukI 79 850GS and 400 GNX many, many 
exlTas. 51985 and 5700. respectively. PatrIck. 

23~9786. (5/7) 
HP-41CV with lime modJle. case and all 
manuals Included. Call Vincent 453-6872 
ood give your bst ofr. (5/10) 

HOUSING 

SUnmer sublet needed from late May thru 
early Aug. two marrted UCLA lOIN students 
working for S.D. lOIN firms. Call Eva ar Dan 
Cosas (213) 391-6668 Collect. (5/10) 

SERVICES 

'M)RD PROCESSING: Speeay servIce. Pickup 
& delivery on campus. Coli Mdy at 279-8056. 
(6/7) 
I TYPE AI\ID EDIT FOR SUD per page. Excellent. 
fast servIce. Coli Elaine. 224-0329. (5/17) 
TypIng - Term papers - dIssertations -
theses - resumes. Fast. reasonable. PB area. 
Corole 483-9109. (5/10) 
Typing. 'NOrd processing. tape transcription. 
Q,Jallty IIIIOrk at reasonable rates. La Jolla. 
Sandy, 459-5818. (6/7) 
l.tM'ANTED HAIR REMCMD PERMANENTlY 
neO' campus. La JoIlo ProteuIonaI Center, 
8950 Villa La Jolla Dr. Suite 1160{; Coli for 

~t 457-4039. (6/7) 
Typlngl INard PtocesIIngl Rush jObsl Term 
papers. theses. resumes, transcription. 
Jennifer .274-5005. (6/7) 
TYPING: IBM RUSH JOBS term papers theses 
daaertatlons editIng 453-0656 (6Y8) 452-1588. 
(6/7) _ 

Man~ts, theses. dissertations. resumes 
typed. Experienced. 51 page OS Betty 75& 
4779. (5/24) 
TypIng/Word Proc. Theses/Dlss/Papers. 

QUALITY MOTORING 
ACCESSORIES 

REAR WINDOW 
LOUVRES 

,.jLQ(\ 
CAR COVERS 

EUROPEAN LIGHTING /- --;::::r/ ---- .. 
HEAVY DUTY I ' ,.J 

SHOCKS ___ ~./W 
STEERING WHEELS · BOOKS · EXHAUST S,(STEMS 

PERFORMANCE a'ORLD 
MJRAMAJPl60 Miramar Road 

57&-7011·next to McDonald's 
SAN DIEG0-3S50 University Ave. 

284-1109-3 blocks east of 805 
Special Discount for Students, Staf1. and Faculty at UCSD . 

- With This Ad -
Exp1relMay~l , 1984 

experienced - Reasonable Rates - Top 
quality. Vista 726-3087. (5/17) 
Computerized typlng/\',()(d processing. Fast, 
relICIbIe. Term papers. theses, dissertations. 
481-0268. (5/10) 
Top Drawer SecretarIal SelVlce reports. 
manuscrtpts. resumes. letters. Reasonable 
call 481-4160. (6/7) 
Traffic Classes. Court approved. Sat, Sun. eves. 
UTC. Mission Valleor, Tooeor Pines Inn. Reg. S6~ 
1767. (5/7) 

LOST Be FOUND 

Lost: Gold bracelet on 4-26 between BlOoMed 
& plaza ar ? High sentimental value. Please 
call 453-9745. Generous reward. (5/7) 
Lost: National Semlconduclar "MathematI-
cian" Calculatar In vICinIty of Revelle 
Commuter lounge ar HL on evening of 
4/2A/84. If found. please call 748-0620. 
Reward. (5/7) 
LOST: Plaln-flng keor chain with 2 sets of kevs 
(moped. housekeor& room keor). SSREWARDSS 
Please call 453-4047, (5/7) 
Found golden retrleller ' '1(0100'' Call Marco at 
481-2083 nights. (5/7) 

WANTED .. 

Daughters 18 and over of divorced 
homosexual and heterosexual mothers 
needed for research study. Only 2-3 hrs. of 
VO'J time needed. Allis confidential. Call 459-
2100 leave message for Julie. Please helpl 
(5/14) 
ATHLETIC MAlE MODELS: for Son Diego Sports 
Calendar. each month a different sport. no 
experience necessary. Send photos/back-
ground to : SDSC PO 33272 SD 92103. (5/7) 
I need a rIde to SlO (at least to OCSBI) May 11 
after 1. Help w/ga~1 Please call Sue at 453-
3386, Thnx. (5/7) 
OeNI persons needed for local & wortdwIde 
flips. Coli American Sailing AssocIation at 

273-~13. (5/17) 
OVERSEAS JOB. .. Summer, yr. round. E\Iop&, S. 
Al'r'eK,. Austratla. AsIa. All fields. S9OO-2000 mo. 
Sightseeing. Free Into. Wllte UC. PO Bac 52-
0.19 Corona Del Mar, CA 92625. (5/7) 
PART-TIME live-In hous6wor1cer. Sol., Fum. Rm., 
La Jolla. Rellabl&congenlal 273-5458. (5/7) 
Typists wanted for XJay experiment. Must 
type at least 6Owpm, no typing outside of 
experiment. SS/tv. Call Bob Bryanf 457-4755 ar 
452-6220 or MIke Jordan 452-4348. 
CandJcted In Cog. Sci Lab Rm 1550. (5/7) 
Social Change Jobs: Profesalonot poeItlon wtth 

Public Interest Groups (PlRGs) available 
nationwide. War!< on environmental/social 
justlcelarms control Issues. Send resume to: 
Ja net Domenltz/PIRGS/37 Temp le 
Place/Boston, MA 02111. (617)423-1796. 
Summer jobs also. (5/7-) 
Employment Opportunity. Wanted: Part-tlene 
edltar/typlst, preterably wtth ward processlng 
bockground (Wang) needed for challenging 
work on behalf of a New Zealand Unlvenlty 
MJtooliy acceptable time arrangement. Coli 
Alan ar Sylvia far more detail - 459-5414 ar 
459-3471. (5/17) 
Revelle College Is lookIng for a IfNI seedy 
students to run tor Watermelon Queen. Apply 
at PrOll.'S Ofe. 

PERSONALS 

Loompya on the Plaza Tues. & Wed. 
Sponsored by the Greeks. (5/7) 
Corne party with the TeI<es. Party at Central 
Sat_ 12th. Tickets 53 at Bac office. Get your 
ticket early. (5/7) 
Big Al, #22. drops it In the endzone far a TeI<e 
upset. Final score: Big Al 0, Chalice 3,482 .. 
pieces. (5/7) 
What would you do If your fiance said. "Sorry 
honeydew'. but I cant-(lloupe"? $SO & the 
coveted post cJ Watermelon Queen goes to 
th e seediest response. Apply at the Pravost's 
Otnce by 6/4. (5/17) 
Jct1n: Some days you're the only good thing 
that h~s to me. I do oppreclate you. 
(5/7) 
Don't miss AIl AmerIcan Werewolf In Londonl 
800 and 1000 pm In USB 2722 this Friday. May 
4. Tickets 51.75 at Box Office. (5/30) 
Men age (18-30) whose father has been 
diagnosed as alcoholic are needed far 
brainwave experiments at the Salk Institute 
pay S30.00-S50.00. Coli 453-4100 ext. 41 9. 
between noon and 500. (5/10) 
Pregnant? Choose alternatives to abortion. 
San Diego Pro-life League Hotline: 583-5433. 
941-1515. (5/7) 

TRAVEL 

Cwncll IraIIeI/OEE pr~1des information on 
student charters. rallpasses. Inri student Ids. 
hostel cads. tours tor ages 18-35. work and 
study programs. and much more. Stop by the 
Student Center ar 001452-0630. (6/7) 
AIRFARES, WarldNlde for students. inri student 
1.0. cards. tours. rallpasaes, experienced 
act.llce. Ali your travel needs - Student TrO\l8I 
Network. 1551 Camino del RIo South - 692-
9213. (6/7) 

r---------------------·-~---------~ What's A Ash 'Taco? 
Fish T QCOS La Jolla 
GR4IVD 
OPENIlWGI 
8107 Camino Del Sol 
Arolrld !he comer of 
La Jolla Surf Systems 

,'OU .... IliQNI 

u ... , . 

.......... -

-

Buy 1 Fish 
Get One Freel 

OneCoupan 
Per Penon 

Also Shoved lcel 
454-6405 

FREE EYE EXAM 
This speCial is available With the purchase of soft contact lensesl 

BAUSCH. LOMB (~ 
, 

Extended Wear 
Contacts 

SOFT CONTACTS d~i~;Vwe~r $95 
COMPLETE O,-T lenses 

NO 
EXTRA 
COSTS 

Dr. Steven Grossman Optometry 
£yt' GI,.\'rf') &. Of'\oqnt'r rt~J At\O A..- MblP 

243 No. Hwy 101 (THE BOARDWALK) Suite 8 
481·2277 • SOLANA BEACH 

HOURS: 
Monday Saturday 

, 0.00-6.00 PM 

BOTH 
PACKAGES 

INCLUDE 
., Eye Exam 
., Filt ing 
V' Follow-Up Visits 
V' Care-Kil 
" 11 we're not the lownst. 
lei us know who isl " 
Uffer I::xpires 5/J()/84 



24 May 7, 1984 
. ....... .~,." :-... .' . ", ,> '::"'v' ...... : ........... « ..... .::S.:.xx;..,«· ... ·x . ... . .................. :-... . . '''1' 

Coming May 19 ... 

The Gala Event 
~the _~_ea_r ______ ~ ______ ~ __ _ 

-------- 8.·00' 
. P1Jt to 2. 

_________ ~-~Clt the · 00 Cl1Jt ------

Tickets $9 Each 
Available Now at the UCSD Box Office 


