
fees 
on the 

rise 

see story, page 7 



Can you go 24 hours without a 
cigarette? The American Cancer Society 
is asking smokers to give it a ny for the 
Ninth Annual Great American Smokeout, 
Thursday, Nov. 15, 1984. 

The Great American Smokeout 
(GAS.) is the one day when smokers 
across the country are encouraged to 
kick the habit for JUSt one day, if only to 
prove to themselves that they can do it. 
The actual no-smoking period goes from 
midnight on Wednesday, ov. 14, until 
midnight on Thursday. 

The American Cancer SoCiety'S theme 
for this year's Smokeout is "Adopt-A-
Smoker: According to volunteer Clare 
Krause, chariman for the local Great 
American Smokeout, · onsmokers and 
smokers alike will be asked to recruit 
their favorite smoker and do whatever it 
takes to help them make it through the 
day without a cigarette ." Adoption 
papers are available to help make it 
official. in addition to "Survival Kits," 
plastiC bags filled with items to keep the 
smoker occupied that Include straws, 
coffee stirrers, doodle pads, tOothpicks , 
Larry Hagman WriSt nappin' Red 
Rubber Bands, and more. 

The goal of the American Cancer 
Society statewide IS to encourage rwo 
million smokers to give qUitting a try. In 
San Diego County there are more than 
400,000 estimated smokers. The local 
unit of the American Cancer SoCiety will 
attempt to get 160,000 smokers to caU it 
quits for the day. 

Survival Kits, posters , adoption 
papers, brochures and additional 
information is available free of charge 
from the American Cancer Society. For 
more information call 299-4200. 

o 
The first explanation of how alcohol 

may damage healthy liver cells is now 
reported by researchers at San Francisco 
General Hospital and the University of 
California San Francisco. 

Based on studies of liver cells from 
rats and human white blood ceUs , the 
work provides the first inSight how 
heavy alcohol consumption rna)' lead to 
serious inflammation and cirrhosis of 
the liver in humans. 

The group showed that alcohol 
stimulates liver cells to attract white 
blood cells, agents that travel throughout 
the blood stream engulfing harmful 
substances and wastes. 

Although white blood cells ale usually 
beneficial. they have a negative flip side 
if they begin to invade and attack the 
body's healthy tissues. 

Healthy persons never have white 
blood cells in their livers. However, 
autopsies routinely find high numbers of 
the cells in damaged and inflamed livers 
of persons known to be heavy drinkers. 

The work represents collaboration 
among the Rosalind Russell Arthritis 
Research Laboratory and the Liver 
Center at San Francisco General 
Hospital and the Department of 

Medicine at UC San FranCISCo. 
It is difficult to translate the laboratory 

results to humans, but the amount of 
alcohol added to the liver cells was 
roughly equivalent to human 
co nsumption of less than a pint of 
alcohol said Dr. H. Daniel Perez, UCSF 
associa;e professor of medicine at the 
SFGH Rosalind RusseU Arthritis 
Research Laboratory. 

Cells that compose most of the tissue 
in the liver were the most sensitive to 
alcohol, according to Perez. There was 
no response to alcohol from three other 
types of cells also usually found in the 
liver in smaller numbers. 

The group concluded that the alcohol 
had to be responsible for the liver cells 
generating a substance that attracted the 
white blood cells. The substance was not 
produced when chemicals were added 
to StOP the liver cells from absorbing the 
alcohol. 

o 
A unique refrigerator under 

development at Los Alamos National 
Laboratory may save millions of dollars 
for the Uni ted States space program . 

The space shuttle uses about 450,000 
gallons of liquid hydrogen for each 
launch. Researchers believe the 
refrigeratOr they are developing could 
liquefy the gas more efficiently than 
existing systems, and substantially 
reduce the cost of liqUid hydrogen . 

Commercial use may be more than 
five years'away, but this new rdrigerator 
could bring big savings and new 
capablhtles to industry. In addition to 
liquefying hydrogen, It could provide 
refrigeration for spacecraft, liquefy 
nmogen and helium gases to cool 
superconducting magnets , or be used as 
a heat pump above room temperature. 
One of the most intrigUing possibilities 
is hydrogen-fueling facilities for large 
airports, if the fuel becomes as popular 
as predicted . 

John Barclay, project leader of the 
magnetic refrigerator development 
program, says, "The magnetic 
refrigerator we have operating berween -
452°F and -423°F is a first step in 
developing refrigeratOrs operating over a 
much larger temperature range ." Barclay 
is a member of the Lab's Condensed 
Matter and Thermal Physics Group. 

The refrigerator is built on the 
prinCIple that certain magnetiC materials 
heat up when they are placed in a 
magnetiC field and cool down when 
they are removed. It is analogous to the 
principle used in a standard refngerator: 
Heat a gas by compression , remove the 
heat. and then cool the gas by 
expansion to absorb heat from the 
thermal load. 

In the Los Alamos refrigerator. a 
wheel rmales berween rwo 
supercondu tlng magnets. As a section 
of the wheel enters the magnetic field, it 
heats up: Circulating helium gas near -
423 F removes the hea t; as the section 

~---------~----------~ 

Cover: Just when you thought you'd get away without 
paying extra for parking this year. .. the Parking Office 
has news for you. The story on the midstream fee hike in 
the cover story on page 7. 

News: Scripps scientist Dr. Wolfgang Berger receives the 
A.G. Huntsman Award of Excellence in Marine Science, and 
walking a few minutes a day can make a difference in your 
health. 
Opinions: The Guardian looks at me parking fee increases, 
the "duelist" talks about why UCSO doesn't have a coffee 
house, plus letters and Doonesbury. 
Perspectives: Sentiments on UCSO's libraries, plus a 
"writer's in look back at Miss Young and Mr. Mendro and the 
teachers of America's youth. 
Sports: DisappOintment reigns again for the men's soccer 
corps, which took it on me shin at Claremont in the first 
round of the NCAA playoffs. Also, women's volleyball places 
third in the Lite-Triton Tournament, and then finds out what 
the NCAA's reward is. It ain't a whole lot .... 

COVER PHOTOS AND DESIGN BY JQHN ASHLEE 

of magnetic material leaves the field. il 
cools to about -452°F and can remove ;., 
heat from olher sources. The 
performance of th is model is very 
encouraging, bUl researchers expect [0 
make many more improvements before 
the devi ce is perfected . 

Los Alamos National LaboraLOry is 
operaled by the University of California 
for the Department of Energy. 

o 
Intriguing new evidence has been 

discovered by a team of scientists from 
three countries about a mysterious, 
catastrophic event that wiped out most 
of the Earth's plant , animal and marine 
life some 365 million years ago. 

"It 's puzzling. We've known about this 
definite, and very abrupt, global 
extinction: says Carl Onh of Los 
Alamos National Laboratory, "but we still 
can't expla in why it happened-even 
with the new evidence." 

The evidence is detailed in the 
October 26 issue of Science. 

The research team took rock samples 
from an a ncient ocean reef, now a 200-
mile-long line of rugged. limestone hills 
in western Australia. 

The samples clearly reveal a one-
million-year "shock" period , during 
which many life forms vanished 

sudde~ly from existence. 
-Also discovered were traces of 

iridium, a platinum metal, at 20 times 
the level normally expected. 

In previous investigatiOns, such rich 
levels of this rare element have 
suggested a link between global .. 
extinctions and the violent collISion of a 
large extraterrestrial body, such as a 
meteorite or comet, with Earth . 

It has been speculated that the 
iridium, much more common in space 
bodies than on Eanh, would be brought 
to our planet by the enormous coUision, 
which woukl then kick up a huge, 
iridium-rich fallout cloud and cause life-
threatening changes in the climate. This 
scenario is generally accepted as the 
reason for the strange and sudden 
disappearance of the dinosaurs 65 
million years ago. 

This case, however, is apparendy 
different. The iridIUm anomaly appears 
LO be the result of a simple, terrestrial 
process involving the daily routines.of 
extinct marine bacteria called frutexites. 

The unusually high iridium traces 
discovered in the Austrahan rock 
samples were raken from a four-inch 
layer of fossilized frutexite remains. 

-SemW .... 

EDlTOA: PHlF I..tUJEI\ 
MAII!AGIMG ~ JNlE'5IWJ1H IWP OJIII( 
NEWS EDITOR: PHIL 'KI..ON ASSOCIA1E NEWS 
OPINIONS EDfl'CIA: JOE oeaNO PlMPlCIMS 
5POP.TS EDITOR: Mf ~VN& PHOrO ~ ~=~!:~~ ~~ .. ~~ .. ~~.~ ...... ~~-~...... =-...... ---~ ...... .;....;,.... 
GRAPHIC AATIS'D: .KJHN ~. JOttI AStUl. 10M A.C»8 
PHOTOGMPHEIU: JOHN ~. CINDY IlEGIN, EDWAAD &WIlL. r»MI ~f\OII.'.CICl* .... a.:Jl 

PAUlI\[(M)ND. 1lJ~ PEcw(. ANrJf 5Of1UY 
STAFF WRITERS: N1JNI., Dl\EITENIl£I\G. ETHN>I FEEI\5T JONII FOI\5OEl\G.l\ONAttJ, EDWAADI5I\AEl. N:JBTttONE. 

KELlEY NEAl. YEN TAYLOO 
........... .... ... ...... . .............. . 

PASlI·UP ARTISTS: JOHN AStUE. p~ FAAW'EU. SHAADN NGOI, ~III) /WIOII.IWIARNaI\ 
TYP£5ET1ERS: JOE OOIOffiIO, I<EN FUNE. JNj HANSEN. PHIUP lJIIlJOEI\. DNtEI. n«:lIMS 
BUSINESS MANAGERS: CHRIS MlW, SHENDL DIM'ONO. PEItA HOfFtMH 

Monday, Nov. 12, 198'1 3 

Greenhouse effect 
Scripps scientist honored for research 
By LILYS McCOY 

D R. WOLFGANG H. Berger, professor of Oceanography at the Scripps Institution, has received 
the 1984 A.G. Huntsman Award of 
Excellence in Marine Science for his 
research on the evolution of the ocean's 
basins. 

Dr. Berger, a 1968 Scripps graduate 
and member of the Scripps' Geological 
Research DiviSion, has been an 
imponant contributor to the 
multidiSCiplinary science dfons in the 
study of oceanic and atmospheric 
climate conditions. 

Dr. Berger's studies of catbonates and 
their stable isotopes in deep-sea 
sediments have resulted in greater 

Dr. Wo¥gang Berger 

understanding of the ocean 's climate 
and fertil ity. 

More recently, his effons have proven 
useful in the prediction of the effects 
that excessive carbon dioxide in the 
earth's atmosphere could have on our 
climate. 

"The thrust of my work lately has 
been LOward the increasing amounts of 
:atbon dioxide in the atmosphere and 
its effect on the climate-the coming 
greenh9use effect: said Berger. 

Dr. Berger also created the concept of 
lysocline, the depth level on the seafloor 
that separates wen-preserved and poorly 
preserved calcareous fossils, the fossils 
of calcium-based life. 

Since graduating from Scripps, Dr. 
Berger has held academic posts at San 
Diego State Universiry and the 
Universitat Kiel in West Germany, 
where he did some of his post-doctoral 
work. The majority of his career, 
however, has been spent researching 
and teaching at SIO. He has written 
over 100 scientific papers, and in 1979, 
he received the Bigelow Gold Medal for 
distinguished service to oceanography 
from Woods Hole Oceanographic 
Institution in Massachusetts. 

Dr. Berger is also a fellow of the 
Geological Sociery of America and a 
member of the Sociery of Economic 
PaIeoiltologists and Mineralogists, the 
American Sociery of Umology and 
Oceanography, the American 
AsSOCiation for the Advancement of 
Science and the American Geophysical 
Union. 

DFADUNE 
STUDENT REGENT APPLICATION 

All Student Regent Applications 
MUST be turned in by 5 pm 
FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 1984 to 
the Chancellor's Office , 107 
Administration Office or the 
Director of Student Activities Office 
(2nd floor, Student Center). 

Applications are available at the 
follOWing locations: EDNA, A.S. 
Offices, College Dean's Office, 
Residence Hall Offices, .College 
Community Centers, and the ' 
Chancellor's Office. 

For more information, please call 
4S 2-4083 or stop by the A.S. Offices 

in the Student Center. 

The A.G . Huntsman Award , 
established in 1980, was created in 
honor of Canadian Archibald 
Gowanlock Hunrsman (1883-1972), a 
pioneer in the fields of oceanography 

and fishery biology. 
Dr. Berger will travel to the Bedford 

Institute of Oceangraphy at Dartmouth , 
Nova Scotia, Canada to receive his 
award on November 12. ~ 

30 minutes on the path 

Walking into health 
By SUE SINCLAIR 

Most people seem to believe that 
losing weight requires jogging five miles 
per day and eating only carrots and 
celery. Walking, however. is a form of 
exercise that is increasing in popularity 
and is recommended by doctors . 

Walking has gained recognition 
among physiologists as being more 
effective than jogging for long term 
weight control. In her book me Fitness 
Plan mat Fits You , Jan Anderson says. 
"Give me 30 minutes a day and I'll 
promise you can lose 20 pounds of fat 
by this time next year." 

According to a 19-week study, walkers 
attain lower resting heart rates than 
runners or cyclists .. As for caloric loss, 
walking one mile in 12 minutes bums 
only 26 calories less than jogging an 
8.5-minute mile. 

In comparison to weight machines, 
Dr. Douglas Garfield, a physiologist from 

, 

Northeastern illinois University 
comments , "In a 30 minute workout on 
the machines you do far less work , 
believe it or not, than if you walked for 
30 minutes. 

"The key to fat loss in all human 
bei ngs is that exercise must be related 
to duration , not how hard you do it." 

In order to bum any fat at all, a 
person must work up to 30 minutes of 
continual walking. A healthy diet 
hastens weight loss, since our bodies 
bum carbohydrates for energy first , and 
fat stores second. 

Walking can be especially beneficial 
for those people of any age who despise 
strenuous exercise. It is a safe , painless 
way to start a regular workout routine. In 
fact, walking has the lowest drop-out 
rate of any exercise. Walking can be 
done anytime and anywhere, or it can 
eYen be incorporated into daily errands. 

~~~~~WlNTER QUARTER'~~~~=iiI 
COURSE OFFERINGS in 

ANCIENT & MODERN MIDDLE EAST, 
BIBLE, HEBREW, JUDAIC STUDIES 

Cultural TndMioas IB - Modcnt]ewUIt UImInIrc 
This course will examine the approach6 of various writers to the Jewish experience and try 
to establish the degree 10 which their work reflects historical reality. Topics for the quarter 
will be life in Eastern Europe, the Americanization experience and the Holocausl. 
lTH 10-11:20, HSS 1106, CC .5521. Instructor. Mr. Coopcnnan 

lit/Gen 104 (Ut/He 104, Hum. 1(4) - The Bible tmd WtslCm UtmUllrr 
Biblical and related texts that innuenced the great writers ofiater ages. The course deals with 
biblical texts and with great works that were influenced by the Bible or which interpreted the 
Bible. 
TTH 1-2:20, MCC 124, CC 6321. (CC 7411 (or Lit/He). Instructor: Richard E. Friedman. 
Lit/Gen 110 (Lit/He 110) - Hebrrw Prophaic Literature 
The prophelic books of Ihe Bible to theIr hlstoncal comexl5. The relationship between the 
prophelic and narratIve books. literary-critical analYSIS. theological Issues, referen e to 
archaeological data . 
TTH 4-5:20, EXT 1+1 , CC 6322. (CC 6407 !'or Lit/He 110). Instructors: Richard E. 
Friedman and David Noel Freedman. 

History 127 - Euro~an Jewry: 1760-1960 
A lecture course rmphaslzlng the economiC, cientifi , and cultural role of the Jews. the 
internal history of their community, relations WIth the Christian majorily,anti-Semllism. Ihe 
Holocaust , and Ihe post-19'15 situation In Russia and Eastern Europe. 
TIH 11:30-12:50, USB 3010, CC 5897. Instructor: Mr. Cooperman 

History 137 - The Bible and Andertl Near &lsI 
The course deals with the Bible in terms of ils relationship to the history of anciem Israel and 
the 'ear East. It focuses on Ihe bibhcal prophets, their historicity. their message, and the 
innuence of the events of their day on their prophecy. Topic: The Prophet Amos. Prereq: 
Revelle Humanities IIA, History 100. CulluraI Traditions IA. or any other courses in Bible. 
TIH 2:30-3:50, BB 2103, CC 5893. Instructor: David Noel Freedman. 

History 170B (PoL Sci. 121B) - GOYmIlftertts and Potillo o/the Mkidle &w 
Second quarter of a two-quarter course that offers an introduction to the politics of the 
Middle East, focusing on a survey of all the Middle Eastern countries and examining the 
dynamics of inter-Arab relations and the nature of various regional connicts. 
TIH 6-7:20 pm, HSS 2305, CC .5886 (CC 5359 for Pol Sci. 121B). Insauctor:Jacob 
Goldbeq. (CClUne may be raken without havtDa had 1M lint quarter). 
History 172B (PoL Sci 1210) - The AnIb-1snId1 Con}lct: I~ 10 Praalt 
The course will analyze Ihe evolution of the Arab-Israeli connict from 1948. the 
estabhshment of the Slate of Israel, to present day. Focuses on an assessment of the 
posi tions and objectives of the various participants in the co nnict. 
TIH 7:30-8:'0 pm, HSS 2305, CC 5887 (CC 5360 !'or Pol. Sci. 1210). I nstructor: Jacob 
GoJdbera: 

FOR MORE INFORMATION, CONTACT KRISTl TOLLEFSON 
JUDAIC STUDIES PROGRAM, 452-4551 



.. Monday, Nov. 12, 1984 

Sticking it to UCSD drivers 
"So what's another two bucks a month?" This question, posed in 

parking circles (and lots) lately, has a plethora of answers. Here are a 
few of the more popular ones, as detennined by a recent Guardian poll: 

eFive percent of a new calculus text (and educational benefits); 
.four (decent) bottles of beer (and related medicinal benefits); 
.postage for ten letters home (and related financial benefits); 
eone Denny's "Build-a-Breakfast" (and related nutritional-well, never 

mind); 
.two California State Lonery tickets (and related "far-reaching" 

benefits to the educational system); 
ethe additional cost of an on-campus parking sticker (!). 
Admittedly, two dollars per month is not likely to break the bank of 

many UCSD students. In fact , the amount of the increase-
approximately 20% of the originally monthly fee-although significant to 
the parking powers that be, is not in itself at issue. 

What is at issue is the means and timing of the increase in fees, not 
only for students, but for staff employees as well. 

\J; The Duelist 

The situation is reminiscent of a small child, playing a game with his 
friends, suddenly deciding,to change the rules under threat of canceling 
the game. "I'll take my baR and go home," he ventures, cenain that his 
friends would rather go on with the modified game than watch him 
stomp his feet. 

Two main differences suggest themselves immediately. First, we are all 
no longer sman children; we should know, and stick to, the rules before 
we stan the game. Second, if anyone stands to lose from ending the 
game, it is the Parking Office; if students took their bans (wheels, that 
is) and went home, there would be an even greater debt from lost 
parking revenues, 

Although it is Olle that "students got a six-month moratorium" on the 
increase (see News story, pg. 7), in the interest of fairness and honesty, 
student (and staff) commuters should have been notified of the 
possibility of an increase. That way, in the future, students would not 
have to grab for their, urn, checkbooks at the hint of an "unlikely" 
funher increase. 

Hold that thought while I get a refill 
By CHRISTOPHER CANOLE, Staff Writer 

In the dark dens of discussion 
pocketed amongst scholastic sanctuaries 
throughout the realm of reason, refugees 
of Revelle . Muir, Third and Warren rest 
against their backpacks telling tales of 
their exodus from the citadel once 
hoped to be the Camelot of creativiry, 
UCSD. Hollow eyes and gaunt bodies 
amplify their starved efforts to survive 
on the neural nourishment that indeed 
sustains the mind but hardly stimulates 
new growth. 

A monk of mental magic, known as 
Brother Berkeley, dragged his oaken 
chair across the eanhen floor near to 
the hearth of light, puUed back the 
faded hood of his Beethoven sweatshirt, 
drew a pot from the flames, poured the 
pungent black potion into his mug and 
drank. Like candles being lit his eyes 
slowly flickered then beaconed into the 
fog of the smoky room. He spoke as a 
patient father who still could not 
understand why his 20-year-old 
offspring had not learned the nature of 
knowledge and the liquid in whic h it 
flowed . 

-I have taken in three quarters of you 

who felt they could not nurture 
knowledge in fields fanned exclUSively 
for future profit. You complain there 
were no alternative fruits of knowledge 
or spices of speculation to chew upon 
as complements to the main courses at 
UCSD." 

Lifting the mug, he slowly swallowed 
the brew, eyes closed in meditation, as 
if the cup contained his next thoughts. 
"It is not I, Berkeley, you seek in your 
exodus. In fact, you need not have 
journeyed beyond the confines of your 
cloistered white ivory towers had you 
been able to partake of the ebony elixir 
that stimulates contemplation and 
conversation. 

"For I am like yourself. But unlike 
you, after classes and long hours in the 
library, I do not idle away my time in a 
dorm room or apartment dreaming of a 
future expansive University Center that 
promises 10 proVide for all my needs. I 
venture into the expanded universe of 
my coffee house . 

-Before you choke on your herb tea or 
diet soda and scoff at my claims, listen 
10 the stories of fine grained graduates 

Guardian Opinions Editor Quiz #2 
1. Name 3 things that rhyme with Guardian, 
2. Name 3 things that rhyme with Opinions, 
3. Name 11 things that rhyme with Editor. 
4. Name 4 things you will not find at 

Robeno's (at least 2 must be edible). 
5. Place yourself in a hypnotic state. 
6 . Call the Guardian at 452-3466 and ask Phil 

Lauder or Joe Desiderio to tell you all about 
how you can become Opinions Editor, 

7. Huny-a decision will be made tomorrow. 
8. SNAP! 

WIN A PRESTIGIOUS EDITORSHIP AT 
THE UCSD GUARDIAN! CALL NOW FOR 

MORE DETAILS-452-3466, 

from universities throughout time. The 
seeds of knowledge that professors plant 
in our minds genninate, grow and graft 
to other SilP1ing stUdents in the fertile 
atmosphere of coll'ee houses. 

"The legends of coffee houses are 
fiUed with priests, poets, physicians, 
popes, philosophers. political activists 
and people who ponder why." 

Taking in another Sip of the 
centuries, he said, "The prominent 
representatives of English literature 
around the year 1700-Addison, 
Arbuthnot, Congreve, Dryden, Pepys, 
Philips, Pope, Steele and Swift-
meditated most of their time in coffee 
houses. It was characteristic of 
> CONTINUED ON PAGE '5 > 

neilit<elr~nettit<elrsn<eitit~lrSn<eitittelr~ntettfr®lr~n~(t{t 
~~lr~letterSn<ettit<eJr~n~llit<elr~n®iill®li~n®~~®li: 
li~neilit®!f~n<eilit<eJr~n<ettit~li~n®{tit®rt'~n®ttti:~lf~n« 

n®fdt®lr~n®ilit®Jr~n~llit~li~ll®ilit®rr~n®u:tt®li~n®frtl 
Neon justifies the end? 
Editor: 

The local opposition to neon an at 
UCSD is understandable. for as a well-
ro-do La Jollan would not you too 
dislike the idea of the seven deadly sins 
advenising your means to prosperity 
from atop of MandeU Weiss theatre? 

It's all an act 
Editor: 

Marl!. johnson 

What do we VOle for when we elect a 
President? Is it because of his past 
policies? The stands he takes on certain 
issues? His promises for the future? Or 
is it because he looks good on lV? 

On Tuesday, Reagan had a sweeping 
victory at the polls, taking 49 states. 
Why was he elected? Because of his 
past policies? Had Americans looked at 
his record in Central America, they 
would have seen him for the 
bloodthirsty imperialist Hawk that he is. 

So then, was he elected because of 
his stand on individual issues? Perhaps 
Americans really do want to return to 
the days when religion was forced into 
our lives whether we wanted it or not . 
Could Arnencans reaUy want to go 
against the ideals this country was built 
upon? 

Then what about his promises for 
future policies? Well, suprisingIy 
enough . Reagan didn't have any - all 
he promised was Four More Years -
JUSt like Nixon . 

o how was Ronald Reagan elected as 

the preSident of the United States? 
Reagari was elected because he looked 
good on lV, and because he knew how 
to tap the masses emotions instead of 
their intelligence. Mondale conceded 
that the reasons he had failed were, "he 
failed to shape a coherent message, ... 
and that he often perfonneu poorly on 
television." Had Reagan la,:ked his 
acting and speech skiUs it tS hard to 
imagine that he would have won with as 
wide a margin as he did , As Tip O'Neil, 
the Speaker of the House, said, "\ don't 
believe if we had Paul Newman this 
year, we could have beat this feUow to 
be perlecdy truthful: Reagan appealed 
to people's emotions abow "America 
The Beautiful" in his campaign. As 
Steven Weisman, a writer for the New 
York Times, put it, he "strikes a 
resonant chord with the voter preCisely 
because he does not try to communicate 
the details of policies. Instead he 
addresses basic values." He told the John 
Does what they knew in their hearts 10 
be ideals yet could never exist in the 
real world . Almost everyone would love 
it if these basic values could become 
reality but as we've seen in hiStory, the 
attempt usuaUy leads to a totalitarian 
society. 

I don't know about the rest of 
America, but to me it's frightening 
having a man win the prtsidency, a 
postion of power unmatched in aU of 
America, because of his ability to act 
sincere, and "touch the hearts of 
Americans." It reminds me a bit like a 
movie called something like, "The Day 
Elvis Became President." 

Debi Cohen 

Duelist 
""---( -O-;-':--'T-I "'-:C' l--:-) --E [)::-:-I '--R--07M-:--=-PA:-t~~ 1::::-, ---:4- 7 ,~-~------------
18th-century France that the tenns 'coffee' and 
'enlightenment' were practicaUy synonymous." 

Again the brother quenched his thoughts and, with 
a smile, continued journeying further back into the 
coffee centuries, ·When this Turkish-born brew 
reached Rome, fanatic priests anacked it with such 
virulence that it was almost forbidden to the Christian 
world. The priests maintained that coffee was the 
drink of the Devil. It was claimed since Moslems were 
forbidden the use of wine-the sanctified drink of 
Christ-Satan, the leader of the infidels, invented 
coffee as a substitute. Towards the end of the 16th 
century, Pope Clement VIII commanded the beverage 
be brought to him. Attracted by its characteristic 
pungent aroma, he took a sip and found it delighdul 
He reasoned that to aUow coffee to be banished from 
the Christians would be a sin indeed and, turning the 
tables on Satan, baptised it on the spot 

"But you would rather know of more recent coffee 
houses. In Paris, in 1921 , Sylvia Beach opened 
Shakespeare and Company, a smaU bookstore which 
became the literary center for Hemingway, Stein, 
Fitzgerald and Joyce. One of Shakespeare's 
contemporary playwrights accused him of plagiarism. 
warning other writers of the day to beware of 'an 
Upstart Crow, beautified with our feathers.' Thus was 
the inspiration for The Upstart Crow and Company 
coffee house/bookstores perched throughout 
California, most recently at your University Towne 
Centre. 

"[ hear teU of famous long-time local LI Jolla coffee 
house which is now mostly noted for its plumed 
feathered patrons. When the Pannikin roasted its first 
beans in a Iitde shop on Dragon's Lane (now Prospect) 
it had a reputation for weekly coffee roaster fires and 
conversational fires of '60s philosopher Alan Watts. 
satiric comic Mort Sahl, folk singer Mary Travers and 
many of the 13 Nobel Prize laureate professors 
teaching at your campus then. Even today you can 
catch minds with Fred Wolf, author of Taking the 
Quantum Leap (1983 National Book Award winner for 
science) and the just-released Starwallt, or Robert 
Powell. who will hold your attention for hours speaking 
on his books on Krishnamurti or Zen. 

"And if you seek to consume the flavor of 
conversation, contemplation and creativity, drift into 
D.G, Wills' Bookstore and Coffee House on some 

~ONTINUED ON PAGE 6 > 

f ELARIO'S 
P' _ PRESENTS 

MONDAY NIGHT 
FOOTBALL 

Doonesbury 

See all the action~ ___ ~....-~ 
on our giant 
TV screen 

459-8541 
ELARIO"S REST AUR,.NT 
7955 La Jolla ShOfes Of 

S()(T HIS lIFU XJF 
AI.J.HE Wt5 15 l/& J.J., 1 
AfiJl.JNP IWCJ EAT' Its PUULY lJIINK 
/./1<£ LIVING WITH A 'IW'!& OVEJ!-

\ TUNI'6& nACTlNG. 

~~\ Irr 
,r--:>,,--<;;;~:p~~:, ~ 

NO, IraWT /tUP, DlK. 
1'~ PI/T THISOFF TOO 
lON6 AS ff /5. /T HA5ItT 
IJf£N FA/Ii. 70 ANY OF f.I5. 

\ 

bt fHfJCV5,.u. -a APPtJEP 
70 7¥ IWJY we C/UHJI: ~ 
PH'i'JCIAI6, ~ FfNt5T NEIl WP 

som. iN AU. OF HAlT/' 

" 

I A)1 N(JT OvtR/?£ -
ACTING' IT5 8t61N-
NIN6 TO AFF&CT a' CtJIRSt, 
tvtI<rTHIN6,Mlf(& - I CARE ! 
()fJR ~, {)(J!!. I M4WA6e, &Vl'JI 
OIJR~l/ffJ ' ? 
IXINT)QI I I II i . ~? 

I'M NUT 5lII& lad TO S4Y 
lH/5, a'lJ(JfJPI. 1 fU(r WItNT 
'IW 70 FIKE IT 'f}I; I4PtJNG 
RJ4y. 71f; 7H1N6 OF ff 15 .. 

\ UEU. .. 

Monday, Nov. 12, 1984 5 

BY GARRY TRUDEAU 

OLUNTEERS NEEDEu 
FOR MENSTRUATION STUDY 

Department of Reproductive Medicine, UCSD 

Regularly menstruating nonathletes as well as menstruating 
and nonmenstruating athletes aged 18 to 32 years are needed. 
Volunteers may not be using oral contraceptives. Athletes must 
be running 40 miles per week or the equivalent of swimming or 
cycling. 
This study includes blood sampling and chemical stimulation 
of honnone release. Volunteers receive payment and results of 
body composition, aerobic capacity, nutrition, and hormone 
analyses. 
If interested , call Anne Loucks. Ph .D.: 294-5505 , 
Monday to Friday, 8 a.m. to 5 p .m. 

"~Lt /t-HJ(/ ~ :>'1l ~~r ",IV'" 
~~ryy./~lt INCLUDfS: , Contact tense!>, $t~~ examination, patient training, follow up, 

dent I.D. .... and fitting . 
·tt1 stu ' 

"\ 

--' chemical care kit 

WI EXTfNDfD WfAR ~lIl"J~~ LfNSeSONLY$265.00 
THe CLASSICAL eve 
ROBeRT HellfR. 0,0. 

La Jolla Village Square 
452-7374 

faYiion \RINey Center 
295-0537 

lOUIS M. TARTAGLIA. 0.0, 
Univer!>ity Towne Centre 

457-4791 



6 Monday, Nov. 12, 1984 

o Candidates for BS or MS in CS, EE, ME . 
o Students with technical background interested in sales or systems engineering , 

Meet IBM. 
Schedule 
a formal 
interview. 

Why not 
engineer in 
the passing 
lane? 

Explore the Technical World at IBM. 
Come to our 

INFORMATION DAY 
Tuesday, November 13th, 8:30 am-4:30 pm 
IN STUDENT CENTER NORTH CONFERENCE ROOM 
IBM will be here in strength to give you blue carpet treatment. 
Representatives from many diffe'rent IBM operations and locations will 
be available for informal, stress-free briefing sessions. YOU 'll get a good 
idea if there's a promising fit at IBM . 
Formal interviews will be conducted on Thursday, November 15th. 
Contact the Career Planning & Placement Office to schedule a formal 
interview with the IBM facility (or facili ties) of your choice. 

• Please bring 3 copies of your resume or Personal Data Sheet. U.S. 
citizenship or permanent residence is required for interviews. 

-~--
- --
- ----
- -
- - ---
- -----
- ----~-.-

• 

An equal opportunity employer 

REVELLE FRESHMEN 
PLEASE READ THIS 
~ANNOUNCEMENT __ 
There will be lecture time changes for 

the following HUMANITIES COURSES: 

lIB PROF. STROLL 
FROM: 2:00-2:50 PM 
TO: 1 :00-1 :50 PM, HL AUD, MWF 

12B PROF. ARNESON 
FROM: 1:00-1:50 PM 
TO: 2:00-2:50 PM, HL AUD, MWF 

---

Duelist 
t t), II'-l 1 n 1 Rll~1 I',\ld 5 

foggy eve ning. The rich Irather barber 
chairs havc been lecterns for world-
renowned thought-provokers such as 
Frieman Dyson, Herb York and Ralph 

acier. During one of Wills' theme 
gatherings, such as the night of 
Sreinbeck, you could have shared a cup 
of coffee (reminiscent of the potem 
black mud of the American fromier or 
backpacking in the Sierras) with the 
original usie of Camlet)' Row." 

Pouring himself a refill, he continued , 
"Enough of the past, you need to think 
of a future coffee house for your own 
UCSD, a place where a student can 
easily walk to when the mind seeks 
stimulation. Efforts have been made by 
Why Not Here! and the Che Cafe. Bm 
when students reach their coffee house, 
they expect a sanctuary apart from the 
environ of classrooms and cafeterias, 
not a cafe that fails to recognize that to 
serve coffee in a styrofoam to-go cup 
produces the sensation of a fast-thought 
mental McDonalds. 

"A colTee house is more than a place 
that pours the black elixir. It is an 
educational excalibur waiting to be 
drawn from the stone of our frozen 
ideas, to be wielded with wit and 
wisdom, to parry and thrust in mental 
combats, to slice into SimplistiC dogmas 
championing new ideas. A student 
withom a coffee house is a meager 
mental refugee without academic armor." 

The UCSD refugees nodded in 
agreement and held out heavy mugs that 
felt as though they were molded from 
millions of minds. Tilting the mug to his 
lips, one refugee's eyes fl ickered as he 
spoke, "This could not be at UCSD no 
matter the truth we now see, for ours is 
the home of accepted mediocrity." 

••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

COPY f COVE CaJoiIa 
*QUALITY XEROX COPIES 

* TYPESETTING/GRAPHICS 
*QUALITY OFFSET PRINnNG 
* FULL COLOR XEROX COPIES 

*8USINESS CARDS 
* ENLARGEMENTS 
* REDUCTIONS 
* ADDRESS lABELS 
*mANSPARENCIES 
*NCR FORMS 
* ENVELOPES 

* COLLATING 
* lAMINATING 
* BINDING 
* FOLDING 
*CUTIING 
* PADDING 
* DRILLING 

ONE STOP PRINTING CENTER 
OI'£N: mon-tn 7:30 to 6:00 sat 9:00 to 5:00 

456-2444 
701 hart sa La .Iolla 

(~ of Draper I ~I) 

10% Student Discount with this ad 
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

Seaport Village 
on a hoDda.,. spree 
"City sldewulks, bllsy slrlewulks, filled with 
holiday cheer ... " Get some of your Ou1stJllus 
shopplllJ( done (gusp) curly 11111'1 yeur. This Day 
At pr0\1des you with lrunsportuUon to und 
from Sun Diego's premiere shopplllJ( mull. 

Sunday, November 18 
10am-4pm 86 

Sign up and detailS at 
Canyonlilew Administrative OIIlces 
De~""'nt 01 Physicol Educalion .4037 

Monday, Nov. 12, 1984 7 

Cover story UCSD's25th 
• 

annIversary 
fundraiser Midyear parking fee hike 

By EDWARD ISRAEL 

STARTING TH1S JANUARY, UCSD students may have to dig deeper into their walletS in order to afford 
a parking space on campus. 

The proposed rate hike could raise 
the COSt of student parking to $9.50 
per month , up two dollars from the 
current cost. This means that students 
may be required to come up with 
another $15 to park on campus after 
January. 

S'imilarly, staff and faculty parking 
prices would undergo a three-dollar 
increase to $14 and S17, respectively. 

It will be harder for students to come 
up with that extra money, according to 
several AS officials. 

By LORI MOORE 

U CSD will be celebrating its 25th Anniversary next fall and is intending to raise $30.4 million 
in a massive fund raising effort. 

The money will be for "facilities 
endowments," according to Ray 
Ramseyer. director of the Office of 
Development. 

The funds will be raised from several 
sources, mainly wealthy individuals , 
foundations and corporations. 
Additional support will come from a 
faculty and staff drive and the parents 
of students. Over $20 miUion of the 
money to be raised is expected to come 
in gifts of $1 million or more . 

The reasons for the increase in 
parking rates are "normal inflationary 
things," said assistant parking manager 
Laura Rey. "We have had to increase 
salaries; the campus is growing at one of 
the fastest rates in California, so we've 
had to hire personnel," said Rey. 

The ralt: hike is an "iriflationary thing, " according 10 the Parning Office. "We how to 
increase salaries . .. 

"Ninety-five percent will have to come 
in gifts of $50,000 and over, and over 
90% will come from 100 sources," said 
Ramseyer. 

One million dollars is being projected 
toward the building of an outdoor 
amphitheater on campus. 

Since state law prohibits parking 
facilities from receiving monies from 
raxation or other such sources, it must 
generate its own revenue, and thus the 
increase in the twO and a half-year old 
rate, said Rey, citing a S700 dollar cost 
per new parking spot. 

The increased cost is not as significant 
;c, the surprise of the increase. "It's the 

AS President Marc Borodifslry feels 1 he 
incrtastd foe will angtr stJultnls. 

idea of 'I've already paid for the year' 
that will anger students," said Associated 
Student President Marc Boroditsky. 

Still , students should feel fortunate , 
"because normally, we would have raised 
it in July, so students got a six-month 
moratorium on fees," noted Rey. 

Not only will students be angered by 
the increase, they are irequently 
frustrated by the lack of availability of 
spaces and havi ng to drive th rough car-
saturated lOIS for long periods of time 
while searching for a space. The 
University parking office has, currently, 
"5" spaces at a level of 17% oversell. "An 
spaces at a level of 56% oversell and "B" 
spaces at 58%. -

"That isn't as bad as it sounds. 
They're not all here at the same time," 
said Rey, "We have never had a rime 
when there wasn't a space available. The 
problem is that it wasn't convenient; 
students want to go right to the front 
door. 

"Anytime anyone wants to, he can call 
and we would be delighted to tell them 
where they can find parking .. " 

With the increased rates, the students 
may look forward to increased parking 
spaces by February. Over 650 new 
spaces will be added to the 5025 
existing "S" spaces. Since last April, 
approximately 1000 new spaces have 
been created for students. 

A study taken on October 31 by the 

Are you considering professional school? 

HARVARD UNlVERSI'I'Y 
JOHN F. KENNEDY 

SCHOOL OF GOVERNMENT 
Is Looking for Future Leaders in Public Affairs, 

Come Leam About Harvard's Two-Year Master's 
Program in Public Policy, Leading to either 

the Master in Public Policy or 
City and Regional Planning Degree. 

MEET WITH: DEAN CALVIN MOSLEY 
Tuesday, November 13 at 9 and 10 

CAREER PLACEMENT OFFICE 
All Students, All Majors, All Years Welcome! 

Joint Degree Programs Offered with 
Harvard's other Professional Schools, 

Generous Cross-Registration Privileges with other Schools, 

parking office indicated that there 
indeed were spaces on campus when 
students say there are not any. At 9 am , 
1239 spaces were available, at 10 am 
730 spaces and at 11 am, 530 spaces 
were empty for students to use. 

Currently, UCSD students have one of 
the lowest parking rates of UC 
campuses, with Berkeley and UCI.A 
making parking available to students at 
a co t of $18 per month. 

Rey said she does nOl foresee another 
increase in the next five years. 
Nevertheless, AS President Boroditsky is 
cautious. "A $93,000 study on parking 
will be released in January. It may 
indicate a rate increase in twO more 
years-or it may not." 

The UC Regents will be vOling on the 
proposed increase this week at their 
meeting at UC San Francisco. 

Some students may want to make a 
statement this winter about the increase 
by turning in their permits for the 
Christmas vacation for a refund , then 
picking them up again in January. 
However, the student who wants to be 
unequivocally assured of a parking spot 
should make a donation to the 
University. The chancellor can, at his 
discretion, give a purple sticker valid for 
one year in any Spot except for 
handicapped spaces to a person 
contributing over $1000 to the 
University. ~ 

'The climate here is capable of year-
round use ," Ramseyer said . 

The planning process of the 
anniversary celebration began last year 
and involved a series of consultations 
with faculty, staff, students and the 
community. 

Four committees have been set up with 
members from the ca mpus and 
community : Public Celebrations , 
Umversity Goals, Academic Enrichment 
and Enabling Resour ces, and 
Campus/Community 1nteration. 

Other approved projects that will be 
financially assisted by the multi-million 
dollar fundraiser include the University 
Center, a faculty/ commumty center and 
a new aquarium for the Scripps 
Institution of Oceanography. Money will 
also go to the Institute of Research on 
Aging, a cancer center research facility 
and critical care units. The building 
funds for these are expected to 
approach $20.5 million. 

Academic enrichment will be 
supported with SS.4 million and will be 
spent on Pacific Basin Studies, a 
humanities institute, Library Special 
Collections, a resident artist program, 
lecture/ seminar programs and music 
ensemble fellowships. 

The fund raiser, which will be spread 
over a three year period, is expected to 
cost $1.5 million to run. ~ 

MAKING DECISIONS EASIER 
Family Planning Associates Medical Group's professional concerned 
stolt can gillEl you the support you need when making decisions 
obout your personal health care needs. Calltodoy for on immediate 
oppointment. 

• FREE PREGNANCY TESTING 
with results while you wait 

• GENERAL or LOCAL ANESTHESIA 
for unplanned pregnancy 

• AFFORDABLE BIRTH CONTROL 

• GYNECOLOGICAL EXAMS 

• FAMILY PLANNING ASSOCIATES 
MEDICAL GROUP 

San Diego 
(619) 287-8226 



8 Monday. Ntll'. 12. 1984 

\ted-Co /;n\\~ ) ( ) 
cft\e 0 

Holiday Jobs! Holiday Jobs! 
Join CaIPIRG's bottle bill campaign! CalPIRG is hiring for 

temporary/ permanent positions this winter break. Work 
for issues such as the bottle bill, consumer protection and 
the toxic waste problem. On-campus interviews will be 
taking place Wednesday and Thursday, Nov. 14 and 15. 
Sign up at the Placement Center (452-3950) or at the 
CalPIRG office, Rm. 208 in the student center (452-4873). 
Earn a good living this winter break while doing exciting 
public interest work. 

Do you suffer from PMS? 
You are not alone! Did you know that 80% of women 

suffer from some of its symptoms? If you would like more 
information on PMS, come to a self-help session by 
Womancare, San Diego's feminist health care clinic. The 
session will be held in the health center (upstairs) at 4 pm 
on Thursday, Nov. 15. If you can't make the session, please 
come by the Women's Resource Center and pick up one of 
our general information flyers on PMS. We are open from 
10 am to 3 pm, Monday through Friday. Sponsored by the 
UCSD Women's Resource Center. 

Food Co-op 
now opening M-F 8:45 am 

and Saturdays from 11-2 
New Arrival: Natural spring drinking water 
Mountain Valley Water from Arkansas. 28 &: 64 
fluid ounce bottles. 

Corne hear Kwame Ture 
The All African People's Revolution Pany presents 

Kwame Ture (formerly known as Stokely Carmichael). This 
political organizer, author and lecturer will be at Peterson 
Hall Room 108 at 7 pm tonight. "With the total liberation 
and unification of Africa under an All-Union Scientific 
Socialist government, the African Revolution will bury 
capitalism." - Kwame Ture. 

Help with this year's Semi-Fonnal 
The planning committee for this year's all-campus Semi-

Formal is looking for some energetic, motivated, and 
creative individuals to help them organize THE event of 
the year. Anyone who would like to help us find a band , 
select a theme , coordinate decorations, do some publicity, 
etc. should contact Marianne at 452-4689 (day) or 450-
9635 (evenings). 

When you are a punJrer ~ 
every day is HaIJowMI. 

WelL it's post Halloween and we are 
having a post punk sale (How 'bout that 
logic). Also we have General Public 
Tickets. Post Punk Sale. 11/12~ 11/16at 
Assorted Vinyl. '"" 

OC ( : ~ ) ( ) 

Are you experienced, involved, educated on 
the issues? Interested in representing the U.c. 
students at the Regents Meetings? Then apply to 
become the STUDENT REGENT. 

Applications are now available for STUDENT 
REGENT at the follOWing locations: AS. Office , 
EDNA, Deans' Offices, Residence Deans' Offices 
and the Chancellor's Office. 

For more information, please call the Student 
Activities Office at 452-4083. Applications must 
be turned in to the Chancellor's Office or the 
Director of Student Activities Office before 5 
p.m., Friday, November 16, 1984. 

This week's RISCy news 
The last chance to buy your 1984 All-Cal tickets is 

Friday, Nov. 16. Just $299 plus RISC membership gets you 
transponation to and from VAIL, Colorado, deluxe 
accomodations and five days of lift tickets. The trip also 
includes loads of radical activities such as Thumper, 
broomball, ice sculpting, dances 1St much more. Mark off 
Dec. 14-21 on~our calendars and buy your tickets at the 
box office now! 

For more information we will have a table on Revelle 
Plaza Monday and Wednesday of this week from 10-2 pm. 
And on Tuesday and Thursday we will have office hours 
from 10-2 in the rec. offices. Come visit us. 

It's time to quit smoking 
Join the Great American Smoke Out on November 15 by 

Adopting a Smoker. Adoption papers and Stop Smoking 
Kits are available November 12-14 at Student Healt 
Education, Room 8, Second Floor. Limited number are 
available. Questions call 452-2419. 

Come participate in a mock law class 
PLEA presents a mock law class on Wednesday, 

November 14 from 4 to 5:30 pm in AP&M 2202. This class 
will be conducted by Prof. Bob Bohrer of Ca. Western 
School of Law. Case material will be handed out prior to the 
mock class at the PLEA office #4 al?ove student center 
gameroom, or call x4726. 

Political films this week 
This Friday, the CWO will show Short Eyes and Scum in 

TLH 107 at 7 pm. FREE. Both films deal with life as a 
prisoner. Short Eyes examines prison life from the inside 
ar d Scum is deals with a British juvenile correction center. 

• ~ 

• 

Immediate Opening! 
New AS project is seeking talented, creative anist to 

design logo, color scheme and stationary. Please contact 
Marla Winitz or Melanie Singer at 452-4450 for an 
interview. 

Find out about career questions 
SAM presents Pat Fowler, a professional career 

consultant. Not sure how to answer those imponant key 
questions? Find out how to make the most of what you say 
- to get that job. Everyone is welcome. Thursday, Nov. 15 , 
7 pm in Revelle Formal Lounge. Refreshments &: Coffee 
served. Take an information break. 

Find out what Med. school is all about 
Health Issues and Professions Organization will be 

having a general meeting with guest speakers who are 
UCSD medical students. When: Tuesday, November 13 
from 6-8 pm. Where: Revelle Informal Lounge. Old and 
new members welcome! 

Women's Lacrosse 
Practice today at 4 pm 

Revelle Field. New members 
are still welcome. 

Do something nice to your car 
CAR WASH to benefit Catholic Student Programming 

will be held Saturday, Nov. 17 from 12-4 pm in the parking 
lot of University Lutheran Church. $2 or $1.50 with 
coupon (check your car windshield). Brighten your car's 
day. 

Israel Action Committee Meeting 
We're having our next meeting on Monday, Nov. 12 at 

5:30 pm at the Revelle Informal Lounge. The topic of 
discussion will be Jewish Terrorism on the West Bank. 
For more information call Micah at x3616 or 450-4658. 

Are you fit? Fact or Fancy? 
"Are you fit? Fact or Fancy?" is being offered by the P.E. 

Dept. Friday, November 16 in the Rec. Gym from 9:30 to 2 
pm. Fitness evaluations including: blood pressure, strength 
test, fleXibility and body composition. This program is free 
to aU students. 

A.S. Programming Logo Contest. 
Prize: $20 Assorted Vinyl gift 
certicate. For more info contact 
John Aliano 452-4450 or 452-
2502. 

Positions are still open on the AS Programming Film 
Committee. Apply and enjoy selecting and viewing the masters 
of cinema. Contact John Aliano .. 52-.... 50 or "52-2'02. 

Monday. Nov. 12. 1984 9 

I 
I , 

Your chance to see the world 
Study, Work, Travel in ASIA! Info session on study 

programs through EAP in China, Hong Kong, Taiwan, 
Japan and India as well as work options including 
teaching. International Center Lounge on Thursday, Nov. 
15 at 4 pm. 

Study, Work, Travel in Africa! Info session and panel 
discussion on EAP programs in Togo, Kenya, and Sierra 
Leone. Operation Crossroads Africa and other non-EAP 
options to study, work or travel. International Center 
Lounge on Tuesday, Nov. 13 at 4 pm. 

Representatives needed 
The AS is looking for representatives to the Campus 

Community Planning Committee and the Librarian Search 
I Committee. Please submit applications to John T rumpler in 
the AS office. Hurry, as a decision will be made this 
week. 

LAGO potluck next week 
Come to this end of the quarter get together and try to 

bring something for a dinner. We'll also talk about what 
activities you want to see for LAGO next quaner. Call 452-
GAYS for more information. 

Call .the Gay Helpline 
If you are having trouble with your SEXUALITY or if you just 

want to talk, call us. We can help! 452-GAYS. Sunday-Thursday 
8-10 pm. Confidential peer counseling available. Call for more 
information . 452-GAYS. 

.. 



10 M'lIIday, 0\ 12, 1984 

Library laments 
By lAURIE VOLKIN 

I T WAS WED ESDAY MORNI G; I was up bright and early shoving all my books in my backpack: off to 
school to slUdy. Or at least I thought so. 
I never could motivate myself to study 
much at school; 1 seemed to always end 
up wandering through the Eucalyptus 
trees, venturing over to Revelle Deli for a 

sandv.~ch or sitting at MOM watching 
color TV. But this time was going to be 
different, I was determined to study and 
broaden my horizons of Shenk's calculus 
book. 

Not being familiar with the libraries, 
but knowing I needed an occasional 
stud y break. I decided 10 try Cluster 
since it was conveniently located by the 
deli and the Ice-cream hustler. 

From the minute 1 walked in Cluster I 
could nOI tell the difference between the 
library and Revelle Plaza Nor only was 
there a high level of talking, but It was 
crowded and packed fuJI of people who 
were stud ying or at least it seem cd that 
way. Why were people running across 
the library, back and forth between 
tables? They could be figuring out 
organic chemistry problem sets, but 
most looked too young to even have 
taken Chemistry Four yet. Then iI 
dawned on me: I was 10 the Freshman 
social library, complete with new outfits 
and the latest hairstyles. Freshmen, who 
else would dress up just to study in the 

illh1® ~IT'iifr®IT'P ~ i 

library] 
I learned qUickly they were not here 

to study. The maIO interest seemed to 
be who walked in the door and wi th 
whom. The people lined up on the 
balcony overhead seemed to be looking 
in every direction but down at their 
books. 

1 walked a few steps further to make 
sure I was 10 a library. Yes I saw a card 
catalogue, reference books, 
dictionaries .. . God it's hot in here . .. 
Melvyl computers, magazines .. . I could 
nor go any furrher; if the noise wasn't 
enough the heat was. How could a 
library be so hot? Must be due to the 
hundreds of Freshmen runmng around 

1 walked outSIde to catch a breath of 
fresh air: It was alread), 10:30. 1 
remembered a BIology major telling me 
once that Bio-Med was a good libra ry to 
stud y at. This was to be my next 
destination , so I grabbed a cup of coffee 
to wake me up for Ihe hike down there. 

Upon my arrival I noticed the 
students were more serious looking. No 
smiles were paintl'd on their faces as 
Ihey carried biology/ medical books 
under their arms because their 
backpacks were already 100 full . This 
will be a change, I thought; at least 
people will be studying here . 

As I entered Bio-Med I realized this 
was an understatement. Complele 

Silence plagued throughout, and I could 
hear myself breathe as I walked upstairs 
to search for a desk. The unzipping of 
my backpack seemed to cause major 
commOtion 'for the guy sitting next to 
me, who looked up with an annoyed 
rwinge of disgust 

As qUietly as I could I slid my books 
out of my backpack, only to find him 
with his nose immediately back into his 
book. not to lose a moment of studymg. 

The complete dead silence and 
enclosement of my study carol made me 
uneasy, and I found it very hard to 
concentrate. I felt as if I could not move, 
shuffie my papers, sneeze, cough or 
even chew gum. I was imprisoned. The 
> CO II UEO ON PAGE 1 C) 

A tribute to the Miss Youngs of the world 
By PHIL IAUDER 

O NE THING most of us miss when we get to college is a teacher. There aren't any 
teachers at this level. There are 
professors, of course , and a few of them 
even know how to teach, but there 
aren't any teachers. A teacher is a 
person wilh an identiry who realizes 
that you also have an identiry. A teacher 
is someone you can address a question 
to by starting with a "Mr.," "Mrs." or 
"Miss" -as in "Miss Jones" or "Mr. 
Thompson." (Instructors in college are 
addressed with "Professor," "Doctor" or, 
more commonly, "Question.") And a 
teacher is someone who knows your 
name and will respond with , "Yes, 
Bobby," rather than, "Save your 
questions for office hours." 

Most of us can remember our teachers 
from way back when. Even our parents 
and grandparents can remember many 
or most of their leachers' names and 
peculiarilies ... and whether or not they 
liked them. 

My first leacher was Mrs. Fleming 
You're expecting a tale of how I 
remember my first day of school. and 
how my teacher helped allay my fears , 
and how I learned 10 like my teacher 
and wanted to marry her as soon as I 
caught up to her in age . Well , I don't 
know anything more about my 
kinderganen teacher than her name. I 
don't know what she sounded like or 
whether she was mean or nice or what, 
and the only reason I remember what 
she looked like is that I still have my 
kindergarten class picture (somewhere!), 
which includes the picture of Mrs. 
Aeming, the principal and a bunch of 

intolerably cute kids with whom I've 
totally lost contact. And that's that. 

My memory of firsl grade is better. 
Miss Garbett was the teacher. Miss 
Garbett was neat. She was tall and 
blonde, very smarr and quite nice-
usually. However, she did split up me 
and this girl I liked , Jeannie , so that we 
wouldn 't talk and giggle together so 
much. Bad news. I hated MISS Garbett 
for a week. Then I liked her agai n. 

In third grade I had three teachers: 
Mrs. Kobliska taught reading, Mr. 
Mendro taught math, and Mrs. 
Thompson taught English. I hated 
English, so I wasn't toO thrilled with 
Mrs . Thompson at Ihal time; I had her 
again a few years later, and she was OK 
then . I also had Mrs. Kobllska as a 
teacher a few years later, and she was 
pretty good . However, Mr. Mendro was 
probably my favonre teacher in third 
grade; he was a nice guy, funny 
sometimes, and he had a mouslache. 
Trouble IS , I don't remember his first 
name. Correct that: It's not a case of not 
remembering, iI 'S a case of not ever 
knowlOg. I don't IhlOk teachers of 
grades one through four even have first 
names, do Ihey? I had Mrs. Kobliska 
and Mrs. Thompson 10 later grades, so I 
know their first names (Ruth and Wilma), 
good teacher-ish names). But to thiS day 
Mr. Mendro's first name is "Mister." 

Mrs . Dorman wa my founh grade 
teacher. She was a nice enough lady, but 
she was about 240 lbs. and every once 
10 a while, nght 10 the middle of those 
ridiculous tlmed malh tests (4+3-_, 
6)(5-_), she would let loose With a 
horrid coughi ng fil thdt would go on 

and on for five minutes or so (she 
smoked a lot). During these fits her face 
would canton and (urn beet-red, and 
the class would freak out and everyone 
would fail the math test. Tha~s about all 
I remember about Mrs. Donman. Nice 
lady, though. 

Fifth grade was my all-time favorite 
year, mostly because of my all-time 
favorite leacher, Miss Young. Miss 
Young knew everything. She really did. 
She was tough but fair, and she cared a 
lot about what she was doing. And she 
was fun , and kept coming up with these 
great ideas. Like havi ng the class sell 
seeds so that we could ea rn money to 
buy a stereo and eat candy. God, you 
haven'l lived until you've walked 
through rural neighborhoods as a fifth-
grader selling seeds. It was all worth the 
effon when we made it to our goal. We 
were so happy when we gOt the slereo 
10 the classroom, and then Miss Young 
bought us the candy so we could liste n 
to music and rOl our teeth while 
working on vocabulary assignments. 
ThaI was great. 

So was MISS Young. ThiS lady was 
God 's gift to teach 109. Her specialry, 
since she had once been a nurse , was 
health . She would bring in Ihose plastic , 
sec lion-by-section models of human 
bodies and explain aboUi Ihe aona and 
the vrntndes uf Ihe hean and the lungs 
and veins and capillaries and aU sorrs of 
wonderful stuff. She JUSt knew everything. 

I was sad to leave hllh grade and my 
favorite teacher behind . it was as a 
grown-up eighth-grader, however, Ihal I 
was leI down b)· MISS Young. I reVISited 
Ihe school and wanted 10 Scl ~' hi , clnd I 

found her in the teacher's lounge, 
smoking a cigarette. "Geez, Miss Young 
smokes?" I thought. "This lady who 
knows everything there is to know about 
health and the body, she smokes?" I was 
crushed. But she's still my favorite 
teacher. 

Every once In a while I'll go back to 
my elementary school or middle school 
(junior high) to say hello. Considering 
the number of students they ha-..,: in 
their lifetimes, it really amazes me when 
my teachers actually remember my 
name: "Hi , Philip! How you doing? 
Graduate high school yet?" "Yeah, yeah, 
I'm way past that now," I reply humbly 
(somewhat humiliated , actually), and 
we 'll talk about old times and discuss 
college and my major and whal I plan to 
do when I get into the real world. That's 
about the time when the discussion gets 
rancid , so I'll switch the subjec t back to 
old times, and we'll babble some more. 
h's fun babble, Ihough . 

The relationship between the student 
and the teacher is a strange one , I must 
say. But it's speCial. Our educational 
system has many raults, the biggest of 
which is that , on the ave rage , we retain 
about 20% of the information that is 
Ihrown at us. (Can you imagine how 
smarr you'd he ir you remembered all 
Ihat stuff about Magellan and the Magna 
Carra and Ben Franklin and all those 
19th-cemury mvemors?) There's gona be 
a bener way. 

And Ihere probabl>' IS. But I hope it 
involves live , ver)' human tcachers. I'd 
hate to read a column 30 years from 
now about some guy reminisclOg about 
hiS fJvoritc (bt,lfllcs a:J 

LaDlents 
( COI\ IIi'!UL() I ROf-.l PAC"' 10 
Windows seemed lO remind me of my 
confinement, small and sliucd , letllng in 
only minimal mys of sunsh1l1e. The 
study carrel enclosed me , forCing me 10 
sllldy .. I qUlckl)' threw my books m my 
backpack and mn out. 

II was now 12:00. My last hope 
seemed 10 be Central I have never deah 
much with Central , excepl lO send my 
fnends back East picture postcards of 
thiS bUilding that appears to look like a 
space ship , ready for take ulf any 
minute. They too could not beheve thIS 
was real, or was it? 

"'AS 
HAIR 
DES' 

It seemed lO have a bro(lder appeal. 
not toO hot or loud. In fact It was qu ite 
spacious 

My blggesl prohlem was deCiding on 
(I noor to study. I got in the elevator and 
saw 5th , 6th, 7th lit up. 6th sounded 
good, off I went, sea rching for a clear 
desk 10 stud y at 

I poned a nice quiet space nght by 
the wmdow. I lOok oul my nickers bar 
and Olel Tab to accompany me on the 
Journey through chapler Ihree of Shenk. 

Wilhln minutes a VOICe echoed over 
me, "Miss, th ere IS absolutely no eating 
or dnnkmg In the library. PleJsc dispose 
of your sugar based substances at once." 
I looked up finding a sharply dressed 
officer, complete with a Central libra ry 
badge and all. He looked offi cial enough 
so I proceeded 10 throw out my food at 
the nearest trash can, only to see the 

Casual. 
Comfortable. 
Californian. 

I'Ncblo,,"~ CIIU for _ $lJ (rtg.IIB) rrec,..,. • eMU 1M _II $lD (Ifg. 115) 
Dfrwdloul puru $25 (reg. $f()/ Seu"""," "'b ,,..,, Ntl $11 (reg, 140) 

MaII'ClII'e * ~_ $15 (ff!(J. $1BI C:C',.,....e $15 (reg. $15) 
OM Itotu facIIII- ,,. (reg. U.5) 

ORe ItoIu _=. _ $2~ (Ifg. U5) 
Spec;'/ists In blM:lt Mir 

.4 full xlVice "Ion 
7608 lindl H.su Rd. (fife» College Dr. 4' 16J) ~5 

I'IeII1 M/oll (former/II U JoIu Cillting Co.) 7.57 Purl SI .. u.Jol~ 
f~JJ7D f~JB15 

Specwl5 good wilh «I wllh xltIC.1«I .Ill/11m through 11 / 26184 

UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE 
WELCOMES 

our two distinguished faculty authors 

DR. HERBERT 
SCHILLER 

& DR. MICHAEL 
SCHUDSON 

who will be autographing their respective books 

INFORMA TION & ~ ~ THE CRISIS ECONOMY 
ADVERTISING, 

The Uneasy Persuasion 

MONDAY NOVEMBER 12,1984 
11 :30 A.M. to 2:00 P.M. 

in the UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE 
U.C.S.D. 

452-3844 
-

Monday, Noy. 12, 1984 11 
:""':.' 

. " ;:. 

officer wirhlll seconds down Ihe next 
,li sle IIlforrnlllg others of the Cenrral 
Library "law." 

51ltIOg back down , I nOllced the huge 
window 10 front of mc. In fact , Ihe 
whole noor had huge WIOUOWS. Wowl I 
could see everything from the health 
center to Third College. There was 
Chuck on hiS skaleboard, Beeci with 

study? Here comes the library am er 
ag,l in ... I was being distracled right and 
left ... sunshine streamlOg in from the 
wlOdows renecled off my math book . 
can't sludy in here ; maybe it would be 
beller outside. 

her guimr, Oebi on her bike ... 1 looked 
around and saw a 101 of other people 
enjoying the view One girl was 
skelching, a guy was counti ng the leaves 
on Ihe Eucalyptus trees , while Ihe girl 
nexl 10 me was 10 a daze staring 
aimlessly through the wmdow. 

I tried to glue my cyes back down to 
denvallves and tangent lines, bUI a set 
of footsteps was gelling louder, louder 
and louder .. . Doesn 't she know not to 
wear clogs when people are trying to 

As I entered back on the elevator it 
was 2.00. I browsed through the display 
cases downstairs for a few minutes and 
spotted the latest Issue of Newsweek 10 
the magazine section. I will Just read for 
a few mlllutes. 

It was close to 3'30 now, and 
realtzing I had a midterm tomorrow and 
slill did not know whal a derivative was, 
I went outside to find a nice quiet place 
to study 

This tree looks good . I took out my 
notebook .. drip, drop . Oh no ... drop, 
drip, splat. .. 1 don't believe it ... it was 
statting to rain .... ~ 

PhD Programs in CLINICAL PSYCHOLOGY 
and 

INDUSTRIAljORGANIZA TIONAl 
PSYCHOLOGY 

The California School of Professional Psychology-Son 
Diego will be on campus Wednesday, November 14th 
at 12:00 noon and 1:00 p,m. to present its graduate 
PhD programs in clinical and industrial/organizational 
psychology. Anyone interested is invited to attend. 
North Conference Room of the Student Center, 

CSPP-SD is fully accredited by the Western Association 
of Schools and Colleges and the American 
Psychological Association, 

FRONTIERS OF SCIENCE 
for Winter Quarter 

F.S. 108 - Biochemical Anthropology -
Molecular Individuality 

Professor Nathan Kaplan - TTh 8:30 - 9:50 
HL 0236 

Examples will be given on how the new biological 
techniques have allowed for the tracing of migrations 
of human populations as well as showing genetic 
relationship between different groups of people, The 
origin, distribution and significance of genetic 
disorders (Sickle Cell Anemia, Tay Sachs) will be discussed_ 
The relationship of genetic composition on the cultural and 
nutritional characteristics of different societies will be 
discussed, Finally, concepts relating to the factors 
controlling human evolution will be presented, 

Prerequisites: Introductory Biology or Introductory 
Biochemistry, or completion of the Revelle General 
Education requirements in Natural Science or the 
equivalent. 

F.S. 135 " Catastrophe in Geology 
Professor Wolfgang Berger - TTh 2:30 - 3:50 

EXT 141 

Recent developments in stratigraphy, especially in the 
deep sea, have led to a new appreciation of the notion of 
periods , of rapid change in geologic history, including 
catastrophes caused by meteor impact (dinosaur 
extinctions). We propose to trace the notion of 
catastrophi m in geologic thought from the nineteenth 
century to the present revival. 

Prerequisites: Completion of Revelle lower division 
Natural Science requirement or equivalent. 



12 Monday. 

~Y-llRlDAY :::: 
....... - catholic ~. Sponsored ~ '* 
UttloIic ComrrunIty _ UCSO. In the U1~ 
wtheri!n Crurch. La Jolla Shores and N. Torrij.y 
:!Ay t: 
, ....... ,.. - AU! Amertc.an Chr~ 
FeIIowstip IMCFl- w~ wellD11r eIIeI)(lIleJp 
join us ~~GalyspNks on the~~ 

~ of Pf'¥I' In our 1iIIe. In the ~ 
Cou'ee Ia Room at the SrudI!nt C~. :~:~: 
__ MY :) 
....... - ~ wlhefans host .. studti'll ~ 
open to ,aI,. 'n the Lounge of U1IIIMlty wltltlijjn 
crurch. Just Wl!St 0' Ikey Hall. ::::: 

Monday. Nov. 12. 1984 13 

, . 

• I 



14 Monday, N(lI'. 12, 1984 

. ..... . 

.. , 

, '. 
. . .... ' 

t to,'.,:.' 

. ;.:. :t:.~ .. ·· 
. . .. ' ... -\ '. : .. ', ".'., 

. . .' . . '.' . .' . . . . . ~. 
....... 

.. 

• • 0, :. " . 
. ..... . ... : :. 

'" . :. ~', . " ",..' . 
. 0: . ', :", ~.::.: . ,-: ~";".' 

. <:: : .~ .:.'~ .' : 
.' . . . : . 

• . • !. . 

. :'.' ',' ,. . . . 
, , 

Same Sad Song 
UCSD ends season on Claremont field again 

By ALICIA AGOS, Sla.fJWritcr 

I 1'5 SAD. It really is sad that the outcome of just one game can decide the fate of an entire season. In a 
game which the UCSD men's soccer 
team had hoped would erase all the bad 
memories of last year's first-round, 2-0 
playoff loss to Claremont-Mudd, the 
Tritons again fell to Claremont, again in 
the first round of the NCAA playoffs, 
this time by a score of 3-1 . 

After Friday's intense and by no 
means one-sided match, UC5D assistant 
coach Dave Griffin maintained, "(In 
terms of ski ll), we are a bener team than 
rhey are . They were able to stay with the 
game and keep theIr diSCipline. Ar our 
bad spell during rhe game, they saw 
their chance and pur it away. Honestly, 
though, I feel we are a berter team." 

The deciding facror for the Tritons on 
Friday was not a lack of the right 
attitude: UC5D was definitely psyched 
for rhis game. 5uproned by a small but 
boisterous band 0 UCSD soccer fans, 
the Tritons played a rough game, both 
physically and mentally. Said Griffin, 
"Both teams were prepared. Physically, 
we were equal with Claremont. Mentally, 
we had an edge. Then , it came down to 
little intangibles ... a Strange field, 
Claremont's fans , etc." 

If the visitors didn't already know it, 
they found out last Friday that the 
home-field advantage can make a 
difference. Almost more rhan the 
Claremont-Mudd players themselves , 
their fans remembered last year's game 
between UCSD and Claremont-Mudd in 
which players were both kicked out of 
the game and into the hospital. A small 

group of dressed-up and painted-up 
Claremont fans succeeded in depriving 
coach Derek Armstrong and the UC5D 
players an essential component of 
successful soccer: communication. 
Collectively, the fans were the effective 
tenth man. UC5D midfielder Scott 
trommer, who himself played an 

effective game. commented that with rhe 
noise from the fans , "we couldn't even 
hear Derek out on the field . By the end 
of the game he was hoarse. It was very 
hard to concentrate: 

Griffin felr that it was a "tough 
situation . It was disappointing. Any time 
Derek or I tried to talk to our players, 
their fans would be righr on top of us , 
yelling. We couldn't communicate , and 
that made a difference. It was poor 
planning on their pan to let the fans be 
so close to us. It also showed a lack of 
class on the pan of the Claremont fans." 

UCSD's only goal came on a comer 
kick, which, once kicked by Thein 
Nguyen , was booted through the posts 
by Phil Kenny. Kenny. a co-captain, 
said , "We played wen for. BO minutes,. 
bur for the other ten minutes we didn't 
They capitalized on our mistakes, no 
doubt about it. We played well enough 
to win. On any other given day, we 
might have done better." 

Although it was disheanening to have 
the season end on a loss -suc h as this, 
the Tritons are attempting to COUnt their 
blessings and tum this experience into 
a positive rather than a negative one. 
Tim Kim, the only senior on the team, 
is trying to "look at things optimistically. 
We had a grear year. We lost the game, 

The Stags may have lost to UCSD earircr thiS season, but they dldn 'f bach mto a playoff Win. 

For tht second consecutive year, UCSD's season was put to rtst in Cla~mont. 

but we're proud of the way we played . 
We had a great season. It's JUSt when 
you reflect back on the Claremont game, 
it rarnishes It a little bit." 

Kenny agrees: "We had a good 
season. Our goal was [0 make it [0 the 
Final Four. This yea r we didn'r reach 
our goal , bur hopefully next yea r we 
will." 

Griffin commented that while "it's 
parnful and disappointing, our players 
have [0 learn . There is no better thing 
than expenence. Right now we are 

telling our players to write a few pages 
on how they felt about this game. Next 
year we'll use the papers to remind 
them what it was like. It all comes under 
experience. 

")t's a shame because we have a lot of 
super players. They have a lot of hean 
and they work hard . We couldn'r have 
found a bett er team to work wltll . We 
really wanted to get through the first 
round, though, One of these years we'll 
win it all. Hopefu lly it'll be next 
yea r." 1m 

Sports Slab 
Friday, November 16 

Men's basketball vs. Azusa Pacific, in the Pavilion , 8 pm. 
Friday-Saturday, November 16-17 

Women's volleyball , NCAA Division UI Regional Championships, at illinois 
Benedictine. 

Friday-Sunday, November 16-18 
Men's water polo, National Invitational Tournament, Nor Cal, all day. 

Saturday, November 17 
Women's basketball at Azusa Pacific, 6 pm. 
Men's and women's fenCing vs. UC Santa Barbara and San Diego State. at 
SDSU, 1 pm. 
T~sday, November 20 

Men's basketball at Occidental College, 8 pm. 
Women's basketball vs. Point Lorna Nazarene College, in the Pavilion, 7:30 pm, 

Saturday, November H 
Men's basketball at Stanford , 7:)0 pm. 

Mcmday, Nov. 12, 1984 15 

The word is out: The Tritons are flying 
By JEFF SAVAGE, Sports Editor 

Six hours before he would receive 
word, Doug Dannevik seemed assured. 

"The NCAA told me that if a team is 
coming on at the end of the year, it will 
get a lot of consideration." 

Friday night UCSD drilled La Verne, 
the only team ahead of them in the 
Division UI polls. On Saturday they did 
it again. Both wins 
were in straight 
games. 

"La Verne has won 
so many times 
against Division III 
opponems. They 
really aren't that 
good." 

Before the Tritons 
twice pounded La 
Verne, they beat the 
University of Nevada 
Reno to open the 
Lite-Triton 
Tournament in the 
Pavilion Friday 
afternoon. It was the 
third Division I 
opponem UCSD has 
defeated in the last 
ten days. 

·Our schedule has been so tough," 
said Dannevik. "We've played top-notch 
schools all year, and look at La Verne. 
Fourteen oC their 20 wins have come 
from their league." 
. So DanneYik sat waiting for the word. 

By playing beyond any doubt the best 

volleyball that Division 1lI has seen this 
year over the last three weeks, Doug and 
the Tritons figured to be one of the 
hosts for the 1984 playoffs which stan 
next week. 

All they wanted was the word. 
Six hours later, Dannevik gOt word . 

He gave it to me over the phone. 
"Here's how the 

final national 
ran kings go, Jeff. 
Number one Juniata. 
Number two UCSD. 
Number three La 
Verne. Number four 
Ohio Nonhem." 

-Yes, Doug! You 
made it: I said. 

"No we didn't! We 
go to bkeping Illinois! 
Illinois Benedictine 
~ or something like 

~ that," said Dannevik. 
~ Despite the 

~ number-two national 
.5: ranking as wen as the 

top spot on the West 
Coast, UC5D must 
travel to Illinois for 

one game, What's behind it? 
"We're dealing with people from the 

East and the Midwest who think that 
UCSD gets every break in the book," 
Dannevik would say in the conversation 
six hours before the NCAA handed 
down the word. What he said after the 
decision was a bit molt profound. Much 

~~'! 1!:2 ~~~~ 
7.. ASSOCIATED 

STUDENTS 
PROGRAMMING 

PRESENTS 
~C1)O(r#(l 

ON THE HUMP WITH 
NeEe1 

FOOD 
DANCING 

REFRESHMENTS 

NOVEMBER 16, 4:00 PM 
PARlY WITH US 

THE A.S. 

of it wasn't printable. 
According to Dannevik, the NCAA's 

reasoning behind the decision was this: 
Occidental, the third·ranked team in rhe 
West Coast, is only 40 minutes from La 
Verne. It is a full two hours from UCSD. 
Therefore , it would be more practical for 
La Verne to host the West Coast 
regionals and send the Tritons flying. 
That's it. There's no more than that. 

Despite the setback, UC5D enters this 
year's playoffs flying high. 

"I feel as comfonable about this team 
as I have any other since I've been 
here: said Dannevik. "Earlier in the 
year we played not to lose, and it was 
son of humbling. But it made us work 
harder. Now we're just where we 
want to be. I think we're the team to 
beat." EiJ 

With Continuous Education from 
Sasson, Sebastlon, & Toni and Guy 

Let Us Design A Style 
For You 

Hollddy Special 
Men & Women $20 (Reg, $25) 

I p.S< t,<JI Michael II Lisa 
ct' . -A1JrP Call for Appointment 452-5620 j!.JU''''p..__ !!)~ 3251 Holiday Court. Suite 201 ~ -T-- (~St. Germ.Jlne·s) 



16 Monda . No, 12. 1984 

c ......... ~ ... Is sold In 100-
ctw'IdW Inaw"encs. IMtt ..... punau.IIon 
martc Met ..... betwftn words Is considered 
• char.a.r. with c.tpltal teaers countIng as 
two c:hanIcIers. The rate Is $I per 100 cNtracten 
for SIUdentI and 53 per 100 cNncIIen for non-
studentI. You must come bylhe office or mall '" )OUr .t .• s we rwqulre JNIY'M"lIn advance of 

pubI~. Deadlines are 5 pm Tuesdily for 
rt.IndIIy's ~. 5 pm FrkIIIy for MondaYs 
paper. for more Infonnatton alii 452-3466. 
The CiuMlan, UCSD, 8-016, La Jon., CA 
92093. 

IIIII BH~IIE 
Yamaha 250 Enduro. 1973. fun trail bike and great 
for school transportatIOn. 5400. Call Tom 259-0761 
~. (11/12) 

tdHHtlllllll1 miNBBl1 
tlAR=Ff.=t=FFF.F=FFF.~-1 
InsuriYlce Warl We'll beat any price or we don't 
WiYlt your I:lusiness. TIckets, accidents, sports cars, 
good dril.-er/student disoounts: all ~CDme. Call 
286-1135. Request UCSD Plan. (11/29) 
Violin? Viola? Prep fiJr "32" or }Jst for fun. Group 
rates. sliding scale. Helen Martin, 457-0671. (11/26) 
Reliable Wheels car rental from S5. Low mileage 
rates available. Free delivery. 459-4936. (11/29) 
Warren College Trivial Pursuit Challenge Mond. 
11/19 at 7-10 pm. Sigrup nowl At Res Dean or 
Provost Office. Open to all Warren College faculty. 
staff. and students. (11/12) 
last chiY1ce to join all UC scilools up in Vail. Col. is 
approadling. Fri. 11/16 is the last d.1Pj to buy your 
Alf-Cal tickets. Mark off Dec. 14-21 on your 
calendar & rush QII'er to the box office. S299 plus 
RISC memb. (II/IS) 
Join E~ this weeki Come to EMSSA's office 
Student Center-Game Room 4. Test File Week. 
(11/12) 
Want to SEll your old Ski dothes or equipment? 
Need to BUY some Ski clotheS or equipment? 
Come to the SKI SWAP MEET Nov. 16. R~le 
Plaza-UCSD Ski Racing Team. (II/IS) 
APPlY NO\XI-STUJENT REGENT. DeadUne 
Frid.1Pj. Nov. 16. Tr~l. fee wa~. rub shoulders 
with the famous. Applications available all r:Ner 
campus. For infiJ. call 452-4083. (II/IS) 
TRUE LETTER QUAliTY wor~rocessing. typing. 
Fast smlice. Alfa-Brts. la Jolla 454--8628. (II/IS) 
WINI A ticket fiJr theAll-Cal trip to VAIL or (4) S25 
Gift Cert. or (4) tune-ups to Pat's Ski Shop, at the 
UCSD Ski Racing Team RAFFLE. To be held I pm 

~Ie Plaza Nov. 16. TIckets S2 each/3 t>r 55. 
III/IS) 
Desire to represent over 140.000 students? Apply 
for STLDENT REGENT. Applications available all 
over c~s. Deadline Friday. Nov. 16. Tum In 
apps to Chancellor's Office no later ttliY1 5 pm. 
(11/15) 
Alrband Contest Nov. 17 at 8 pm In Rev Cafe. Sign 
up til Wed. in Rev. Res. Dean·s. First pnze 550. 
Corne seel 111/12) 
You are wanted for Student Regentl Apply now. 
Deadline to apply: Fnd.1Pj. Nov. 16. Turn in apps to 
Chancellor's Office. (11/15) 
Hurry! The last day to buy your All-Cal ticket is 
11/16. Just S299 plus RISC membership ina. 
lodging. fitts. & transp. Fun actMties like Tl1u~. 
diYlces. races & more. Buy now at the Box Office. 
(11/12) 

Cinnamon Cockatiel-tame. young. quiet bird; 
just learning to whistle cat calls. Helpl She needs 
lots of attention but I'm never home. W/nlce cage. 
575 to good home only-SeiYl-450-3093. Keep 
(lying. (11/12) 
Must sell Sigma 135/3.5 540. Zesnar 28/2.B S20 
ind .. or S50 i)r bottl. Canon MT. R~. 270-2908. 
111/12) . 
Oops I Boug"lt wrong foto paper. 250 sheets. 
Kodak PIC Rapid RC. Surface E. S5O. Jeff. 270-
2908. (11/12) 
71 Nova 4-door. S65O. Call Betty 454-5868. 111/12) 
79 Datsun B21O. Yellow color. S2300. Call Betty 
454-5868. 111/12) 
Dorm type 1.5 cu. ft. refridge. Good shape. Buy 
now and sell next year. S75 negotiable. Todd 457-
5030. (11/12) 
Hewlett Packard HP-15C: 3 months old. In original 
box with instruction book. 575. Todd 457-5030. 
111/12) 
73 Pint<>-2ooo. 45p .• AM FM cassette. SBI4. Call 
755-7236 or 450-1328. (11/15) 
COflllUter printer. Brother HR-15. letter quality. 
5300. 458-1399. (11/26) 
Surfboard: 6'8" Thruster Willtel' Gun brand new 
SI80. Brett 453-3394. keep trying. (II/IS) 
Bicxtlern/Cellbio graciJatt (GPA 3.86) o~ 
notes. nlIcamns. finals for all cnurS4!S taken. 481-
5541. (II/IS) 
TV: 5 inctl B& \IV portable. Used for 2 mos, Excellent 
CDnQtion. Mara at 455-9485. 111/12) 
Surlboard. 7' single fin, brand new SIlO. 753-8161. 
(II/IS) 
Old style Canon F-I bocty. in grtat ~. S25O. 

R~. 270-2908. Must sell now! (II/IS) 
~rsonal cO"llUters, new in box. Casio PB-700 
portable big saeen dispf~. 160)(32 dotmatrix 
graphic basic. Casio FX-80IP fortran 
programmable calculator with printer/microcas-
sette. SB5O. Call 563-0411. (11/12) 
A $150 moped. what a deall New brakes. surlboard 
holder. great Wilt to ~ tosdloOl. 450-4689~. 
111/12) 

BM~8J 111I1 
Master bedroom for rent. Can be shared. 3/4 ,",Ie 
from school. Call R,ch or J.K. at 457-1353. Dec. 1st. 
(11/29) 
For young professional IM>man-studio apt. or 
similar. Can pay 5300. Please call 459-6899 and 
leave message. 111/29) 
New condo for rent dose to UCSO. U Colony. 
Fumished 3-bdrm baded with extras. Call 450-
3265. (11/26) 

SeaetMy/iaw clerk: l.1 Jolla Shores law otftce; 
"exible hours; need good typing skilis. 459-4118. 
456-1308. (II/Ell 
Roomate neeoed starting Willtel' Quarter. Share 
room SoIiY1a Beach. 5175 per mo. furrVshed, 259-
0761 ~. (11/12) 
TRUE LEITER ~TY 1N'Of'~ t)'ping. 
Fast service. AIfa-Bits, l.1 Jolla 454-8628. 111/15) 
AT HOME FATHERS of small dlildren. Ph.D. CM1d. 
would like to speak to you about your expertences 
with your child under 1-1/2 yrs. Call Jerry mlltct 
415-665-2038. (11/191 

.AlW@ijlll 
Top Dr.Me' ~ Word Procrssing. Reports. 
resumes. manuscripCS. Student ratl!. Diar1e 481-
4160. (11/29) 
Expert Typing. Word processing & ~e 
tr~tIon. Spefling flee. ~. 459-5818. l.1 
Jolla. (11/291 
Sunroofs. hi!tl qLality glaD pop-up COfY1)Ietefy 
!JJ¥iYlteed.1115 i'lsaIIItd. Bob 481-9145. 111/15) 
Will do all your ~ grad with 8)'N1'S 
prot. exper. You c.-. GIll ~. Nad4nt 578-
0496. 111/29) 
TRUE LETTER ClUWTY wor~ fM)Ing. 
Fast seMce. Alfa-Bits. l.1 Jolla 454-8628. /fI/l5J 
HAVING A PNHY7 Let mt ~ recordl!d mJSic 
for dandng Of arry 0Chtr mood. Either rent ~ 
cassettes or I will aeatr to your dtsires. c.II ~ 
29H885. 111/291 
Burke Secrttari.~a11ty ~ngl Spelling 
correct-nJlh Jobi sptda/ty/tlexible tn. La Jolla 
457-3842. IIV291 
\XI£ TYPE MIYfHINGI Low raIIeS-1ree pIdc-up 
and deMfy. UWersityWord PI'oassIng. CaI/M4-
1990 24 hours. 111/291 
Typing/Word Procrssing-For all your typing 
needs call Barbara at 454-7624. Rush jobs 
accepted. (11/29) 
Typist-SI per page. English MA .Janet 10 am-9 
pm. 454-4659. IU/15) 
Rent a OJ or a sound system for your next parI¥-
S30-SIOO. Call for details. Jom 453-0640. 111/12) 
Prof. Word Processing/typing dissertations. 
theSes. papers. resumes. South Bay. Lorraine 421-
9426. (11/29) 
Professional typing. IBM memory. ~ tapes. 
regular & micro-So. Clairernont. Doris 278-8736. 
(11/12) 
Quality typing. spelling flee. rush job. students· 
paper /thesls. 16 yrs. experience. Call Fery 452-
1393. 111/12) 

Scholarships for Law School 
~tud("nt ... H'( ('i\ ill~ qUdlil~ ill~ "'1 Uri· ... Ull 
the Ld\\ ~I houl Adllll',.,/Ull k ... t (L.~ . " . I. ) 

md~ br eligiblr lur P TO ONL vtAR'S 
rlJLL T ITION SntOLARSHIP fur Ihr 
fir ... t ~edr uf .,tud~ ill "'dliundll n,\er.,it~ 
">( hool 01 ld\\'~ full -time dd~ prugrdm or 
part -timr ewnin~ program. WI' offrr dll 
l'arl} admi:. ... 'ull program lUI r~1 eptiolldl 
(ollege junior., undl'r \\ hi( h thl- .,Iudelll 
(dn wmp!rle a Bd(hrlor 01 ~d(-n«' ill 

LclI"'~ (B.'l.L.) while pur~uing d degree in 
la\';, tht· Do( lor uf )un.,prud('1l( (. (J.D.) . 
Our la,,, grddudte., qUd"f~ tu ~it for lh(' 
(alifornid bdr e\dmindtion . 

\\(' "" ' I urrl'llt" d( I "ptlll~ dPpl1l tlt"'I1~ 
101 uur JdIlU{H\, \1,, \ d'HI \u~u ... l. I <Jh ') 
(ld., ... I·", f hI' ~( hool (II I d\\ uf II" '" till 
1' \1 1'111' 111 l>ru~' dill . illl IlIdlll~ d 101111 
\1.B . \ .Il. IJ. dl' ~11'" II ,th "lIltlli ,'<1 ... .,1 ·.,. 
• 10 ... 1' PI".,Olldl dtll·IlI'OIl. (/11 ouhttll1dlll~ 
Id( ult~ d'lIl. h~ tlrd\\ ill~ UpOI1 tlH' 
II· ... OUrI ('., 01 O/ll' III ( "IIlunlld\ Idl~I " t 
111<I<'I)(, l1d('111 UllI\ ,·,." tll' ... . d 1011 t 1111 1011 
, "tl'. 

I 01 lUI till" IIllorllldtllJII, ",il u ... tit ~ ")1'10 
'h.""." \hn .. , • . , /I . III 11."., .. '1 .. ", "." " 1"1) ( .,u,1. ~(1I1 I)il' ~() , 0' I "II ')(> I 7 110 

Pflll, ....... If .tl '\ rt"OfItII , 11t\t , ... Ih \c hUtil 01 1.1\\ 
1·,.tlllIllI~ I.I\HII 101 J 1 \1111' , ,1111' 'Ullth' PII .. ,,14 III H I 

Ih. ",th H ... III \ , v. \h \It II 

QUif ll\ Huildm\!, I \( "'!e,l( 1'. THREE YEAR 
fULL-TIME NATIONAL UNIVERSITY 

fOUR YEAR 
PART-TIME 
EVENING 
PROGRAM DAY PROGRAM School of Law 

\t 10 drh d h\ II .. I "'lIItI III ... t "to I • • III. 1,1 I I 1,lt 
___ _ oJ 

---------------

Talk with UCSO medical students a next HIPO 
meeting. Tues. Nc:N. 13. 6-8 pm. ~A.S. bullttin 4 
room (lI/I2) 
\Mlo was the /lrst IoOice of MIeleI!}' Mouse? ~ 
Warren CoIIegt TrMal PUrsuit ChalIengt on 
MondiPJ, 11/19, 7-9'.30 pn. SI~ up rr:JW at Res. 
Dtan's 01 Prowst's 0f'IIa. 11I/l21 
Join EMSSA ttis weeki Comr to EMSSA's of'llce 
Student Center Game /t)om 4. Test F~ Week. 
(11/121 • 
AI-CaI tickets art seiling fast. Last ~ 10 buy Is Fri. 
11/16. Just 5299 plus RISe membership ensures you 
a week of fun Dec. 14-211 Trip inc. lodging. Hits. & 
trans. Buy rr:JW at the Box OtrIceIIIl/ISI 
CHRIS AI..1AMANI. The magic continues. 1..oYt. 
Amy. (11/12) 

Ka~ W~~ a tloUCJ.Iet of sweet surprises 
land your wayl Keep smiling pretty. ~ha Luv. 

~. (1I/121 
SSS5SSSSSSS5SSSSSSS5Holi~ JobSl Holiday JobSI 
Bring the botdt bill to Callfornlal CaPlRG, the 
state's largest erMronmentaI and consumer lobby. 
Is hiring b temp/perm. posItIOns. WorIc on 
issues-bOttle bill, toxic waste. consumer 
protedion. Jobl ~ in San Diego, Los 
Angetes. Sara Cruz, San Fran, and BerIcI!Iey. On 

~ i!tel 9lews: Wed. NcN. 14.., 1Ju's. NcN. 
15. SI!71 up at the career Placement Car, Of arb 
CaPlRci o~,It'Ii. 208, SIudent crr. 45~73 01 
279-555.1 Make SSSS while wartclng b' b pubIIr 
Intnstllll/121 

Founc:t-&Icateb In TU-f 105. Call ~ 4s()' 
~391D 1dI!ntIfy. Keep byIng. 111/121 
Found-MarIc. from -FIMnIng HIbIct1Is." I ~ 
'jtJAII mIc CIbIeI Call MIke, 294-8076. /11/121 
Lost-8adc 5t*t "Mad Jade's lUI. " manila bider 
"MazN. .. kll!)'S "MId 1Iassist'. p/Nse call MIe 294-
8)76. 111/121 . 
Reward sss t>r the rttum of ~ !1ter1 dolt pack & 
contents. Prescription rfledidne ur~ needtdl 
fVpIe and blut notebooIcs (~machl and 
f't¥Ics book (H&D). Taken fI'om bookstOlt Nc:N. 2. 
Please call 483-1383. (11/121 
Reward for return of HP ISC calOJIator lost in 
Central Ubrary. Please call 271-8788. Ie~ 
message. (11/12) 
Found-I male cat. white with !11!}' & tan 
blotches. outsIdt Central Ubrary on 11/7. Very 
friend}'. Call 453-6787. (11/19) 
Lost-l<eys with black leather tag in LXI!}' parking 
lot Call Richard 483-5277. (11/12) 
Lost Gray and black race stylt jacket with the 
namt Ron on It. Very Important. Please GIll 453-
3548, 111/121 

NOV, 11 IAN OliGO 
!>un 
I 10 PM 

NOV. 12 
M 
• 'M 

ConvenllQn no 
P"r'm"',flq Art"" r"'llP.1 

,,. .. 1,, ,. .. o;j l~r ",1 .r· t' 
.... I" " A, • tl "1 \0' 
f f " A ' " ,,,, 

,111)213 IUT 


