


2 Monda , Oct. 8, 19 4 

The last day to regisIa' to vOle is 
tomorrow. 

According to a CaiPIRG report, the 
National Student Campaign for Voter 
Registration hopes to have 250,000 new 
voters registered in California alone. 
Plans for the campaign were set in 
Boston last February when 1,600 student 
leaders from 42 states across the country 
met to discuss strategies for increasing 
student voter registra tion. 

The 18-25 year age bracket holds the 
standing record for non-registration , 
with J2% of the eligible people In the 
group turning out for the last general 
election. 

Anyone who will be 18 by November 
6, has moved since last registering, has 
changed political panies, or has JUSt not 
registered, must register to vote in the 
upcoming election . 

The Get-Out-The-Vote phase of the 
registration drive will Include dfons to 
contact newly registered voters with 
phone calls and literature drops 
CalPIRG is hoping for a 70% turnout 
from the people they register 

The Umted States has a reputation of 
having the wor..t turnouts for free 
elections In the world . 

o 
Th~ Regents of the Umverslty of 

California and the UC Student Bod y 
Presidents' Council view Governor 
DeukmeJian's failure to sign Assembly 
Bill 19LO as "irresponsible and 
uninformed: 

AB 19LO would have established a 
loan repayment program through which. 
the state would have relieved health 
profeSSional graduates, who serve for 
three consecutive years in a critical 
he.alth manpower shortage area , of up to 
85% of their educational debts. 

The California Health Manpower 
Policy Commission has determined that 
approximately six million Californians 
live in health manpower shortage areas, 
where the physician-to-population ratio 
is less than one to 2,000. 

Medical students who could graduate 
to serve in these areas are currently 
incurring educational debts of over 
$JO,OOO. 

"Monthly educational debt payments 
of $550 to $1,500 per month are real 
barriers to graduates who desire to serve 
in the,low income· shortage areas," 
according to Janine Verbinski , associate 
director of the UC Student Lobby. 
"There is no program that addresses the 
problem of health profeSSionals' 
escalating educational debts," she said. 

o 
A pioneer in the development of 

living cultured skin for replacement in 
bum patients has been named director 
of the Regional Burn Center at UCSD 
Medical Center. 

John Hansbrough , MD, joined the 
Medical Center on August 1, coming 
from the UniverSity of Colorado Health 
Sciences Center in Denver, where he 
served as an associate professor of 
surgery. He holds the same academic 
tide at the UCSD School of Medicine. 

Funded by a S1.5-million federal 
research grant, Dr. Hansbrough and his 

research team have developed a 
procedure by which synthetic skin can 
be developed using cells from the body's 
own skin. This procedure dilTers from 
others currently being tested in that it 
makes use of a collagen layer to create 
skin of about a lis-inch thickness. 

The collagen, extracted from cattle, is 
processed and cultured , forming a 
dermis layer of skin . When cells from 
the patient are placed on these sheets, 
the grovolth is quick, Dr. Hansbrough 
sald , growing to 600 times its Original 
size In twO weeks. 

Because it takes time to culture skin 
for a patient in immediate need , 
cadaver grafts Will be used as temporary 
skin, since this usually will reject in one 
10 rwo weeks. However, because the 
skin's antigens are not likely cultured , it 
may be possible 10 graft skin from one 
patient onto another with no rejection, 
he said. 

The procedure can be used not only 
fo r recent bum patients, but for those 
who have wounds which never properly 
healed or those with disfiguring scars, 
no matter how long since the surgery. 
There also may be a potential for u e of 
the synthetic skm in cosmetic testing, 
saving animals from this task 

o 
Female volunteers are needed for a 

study Planned Parenthood will be 
conducting on effective treatments fo r 
menstrual distress 

The study will compare known 
elTective medical and psychological 
treatments for dysmenorrhea (menstrual 
distress). 

According to Valerie Shebroe, MA 
doctoral candidate at the California 
School of Professional Psychology, "Both 
physical and psychological factors playa 
role in the experience of menstrual 
pain. High levels of prostaglandins, 
which are a hormonal substance, 
increase uterine muscle contractions 
which in tum cause a loss of blood 
supply to ·uterine tissue which can then 
cause pain. When a woman experiences 
menstrual pain, she may come [0 later 
anticipate the experience of pain. 
Anticipation of pain may cause tensing, 
and this makes the experience of 
dysmenorrhea worse. 

"It is our hope through this study to 
funher the process of eliminating stress 
and pain during the menstrual period 
and In the future [0 olTer women more 
alternatives for coping with menstrual 
pain." 

Any woman 18 or over and minors 
WIth parental permission who suffer 
from menstrual distress and would like 
to panictpate in the study may either 
call Valerie Shebroe at 481-6181 , contact 
the Patient Service Depanment of 
Planned Parenthood at 231 -6760, or 
leave name and number at the nearest 
Planned Parenthood clinic . 

o 
In recognition of San Diego Book 

Days, October 16 and 17, that have 
been offiCially proclaimed by Mayor 
Roger Hedgecock, the Booksellers 
Association is making three $250 
scholarships available to students of the 

• 

~---------~----------~ 
- 5 1-1-I---

" 
--

t... 
... I" ~ 

W ~ 
" 

~ .. ~"'" ~r~ ,.., . • ,;I ,. -r • '111 ... l..iI'I .... ... 
" I ,;II II ... r. III •• ". 

" 
II' .~ ,.. 

"I' .. .. I"" ... n 
I'" )'l;r 

. rrnl' 
II IJ 

I W "\ I"" F1 .~ 17 

Cover: The second-annual Fall Festival on the Green, 
held in the middle of campus last Friday, drew large 
crowds and large enthusiasm to the booths of many 
UCSD smdent organizations, A clQser look at the festival 
spirit of this tradition-to-be in the cover story, page 7. 

News: A new Lobby Annex director is appOinted, UCSD Food 
Services goes Western in an all-college "round-up ," plus a look at 
how LaJolla serves as a refugee haven, and a follow-up on the first 
rape case at UCSD in two years . 

Opinions: Commentaries on equal rights and the funding of 
women and questionable polling tactics during the heat of 
campaigns. Also, letters and Doonesbury. 

Perspectives: An image of a stereotype and its accompanying 
rejection in "Debunking myths about the Women's Center," two 
sides of a woman's world, a man you might recognize at UCSD, 
plus the writer's watchful i. 

Sports: PADREMONIUM!!!- the highlights of a casual week at 
the 01' baUyard. Also , women's volleyball sweeps a pair and men's 
water polo takes three straight in the Triton Tournament, behind 
the hole-setting of featured athlete Dana Greissen. 

COVER PHOTOS BY EDWARD ISRAEL 
COVER DESIGN BY JOHN ASHLEE 

University of San Diego, San Diego State 
University and UCSD in the fields of 
literature, english, creative writing and 
journalism. 

For information about applying for 
the scholarships, students at UCSD 
should contact Charlena McElveen, 
Development Office, 103A 
Administration Complex. 

o 
A home glucose monitoring program 

deSigned to help diabetic patients 
conrrol and manage their disease begins 
November 5 at UCSD Medical Center. 

During six group sessions, held in a 
one-month period, patients will learn to 
test their blood sugars, monitor their 
carbohydrate intake, incorporate daily 
exercise into their life, and adjust their 
own insulin dosage, said Christine Biby, 
coordinator of the Diabetes Center. 

"Our aim is to achieve good diabetic 
control and thereby prevent and / or 
improve diabetic complications," Biby 
said. "Studies have demonstrated that 
patients who have completed programs 
such as this have decreased their 
emergency room, clinic and hospital 
visits by 60 to 80%." 

Clinic visits to the Diabetes Center 
include consultations with physicians, a 
diabetes nurse practitioner and a 
nutritionist. A diabetic suppon group 
will be added in the near future, Biby 
said, adding that patients will receive 
the latest is diabetic education. Insulin 

pump therapy is also available. 
a 

Nationallntercollegiare Alcohol 
Awareness Week. designed to increase 
student awareness of the effects of 
alcohol, begins today, and several 
activities will take place at UCSD. 
Among the highlights of the week are 
presentations by Mothers Against Drunk 
Driving (MADD), the California Highway 
Patrol , an artorney talking about alcohol 
and student rights , movies illustrating 
some of the dangers 01 alcohol, a non-
alcoholic TG at the Mission Bay AquatiC 
Center, and an alternate beverage bar at 

th~ Revelle Casino Night. 
For more information concerning 

Alcohol Awareness Week, contact the 
Revelle Resident Dean's Office at 452-
3027 . 

o 
The Center For Women's Studies 

and Services (CWSS) is sponsoring a 
new fall series of workshops and groups 
of interest to women. Groups are varied 
and include "Ourrag.-:ous Women," a 
self-help support group, as well as a 
counseling group for survivors of 
domestic violence. Special workshops 
include an introduction to self-defense 
and "Barriers to Employment for 
Disabled Women." 

Contact the Center for Women's 
Studies and Se. vices at 2467 E Street, 
San Diego, for more information. 

- Sean w .... !Oj,...· 

GMPHIC MTlSlSI JOHN~_ 
PHOTOGMPHaS: JOttf EDWAAO ISfl.tiL RICH NIOr 5Om.V 
STAFF WlTEP.S-: \...AIG OEI\NAAD. EJHAN FlEf\ST, lOAN FCMERG, ~ HU, J\COO\T LEON£. KB.I.lV 

MICHAEL AAATOi YEN TAVlOO 
... ... - .... .... ......... ..... . .. _.. ....... .... . .... -....... -.. ....... ._... .... ...... ...... .. ............... . 

PAStE· UP ARTISTS: ~ A5HI.EE.1\I\4N DDT. PN.I. fNMU. SHMON NGa. MU 5IIfHCa 
1VII£5E11aS: JOE DEIIOENO. ........ .WI HNGIN, !ltV ~ DttMEL ~ 
IUSINDS IAAHAGIN: OM NUt SHENOl 0ItWr0ND ..... 'OllhWf 

Victim remains anonymous 

Rape suspect apprehended, not charged 
By PHIL WILLON. News Ediroy 

T HE UCSD POUCE DEPARTMENT identified and questioned a 25-year-old male in connection with 
the alleged rape of a female transfer 
student that occurred during the first 
week of classes. 

The suspect has not been charged 
with the rape "due to circumstances that 
cannot be discussed in respect to the 
rights of both the victim and the 
suspect," said Lt. John Anderson. 

"Our case is closed as far as we're 
concerned ," said Anderson. "Our 
investigation of the case concerning that 
individual was detained and turned to 
Naturalization and Immigration 
authorities." 

Lt. John Anderson refused 10 reveal the 
rape susrxct 's identity because no charges 
were filed. 

The suspect wa s picked up by police 
while on campus grounds and was 
"detained for deponation proceedings" 
back to Nigeria , Anderson said . He is 
currently being held at the Metropolitan 
Corrections Center (MCC) in downtown 
San Diego. 

Beca use the alleged rape victim has 
refused to reveal her identity to 
authorities , there can be no judicial 
action taken. 

"That could change," said UCSD 
detective Bob Jones. 

The victim of the alleged rape had 
met the suspect while waiting for a bus 
on campus. The rwo engaged in 
conversation for approximately 20 
minutes, then the male suspect offered , 
in a "disarming and persuasive" manner, 
to drive her to her olT-campus 
destination, Anderson told the La Jolla 
Light. Instead of delivering her, the 
alleged victim claimed that he drove her 
to a secluded area and raped her at 
knifepoint. 

Due to the suspect's threats , the 
woman did not go direcdy to the police . 
She did obtain medical assistance from 
the Student Health Center the next day, 
and later received confidential 
counseling from Psychological Services. 
These are rwo avenues of assistance 
always open, to rape vic tims. 

Although the alleged attacker was not 
a UCSD student, he was reported [0 be 
a foreign exchange student at another 
school, according to Officer Rick 
Michelson . 

For PHOTOS: 
Quonset 324 Warren • Sept. 17 - Oct. 12 

For CARD PICKUP: 
Cashiers Tent • Sept, 17 - Oct. 5 

Hours for 
both locations are 
8:30 am • 4:00 pm 

Staff and faculty also welcome 

For speedy service, bring your 
original ID card 

IMPORTANT NOTE: ALL UCSD libraries will 
observe Sunday, October 14, 1984 as the absolute 
final deadline for photo·ID cards. Beyond that date, 
services will not be provided without a current 
official UCSD Photo-ID card, 

While the victim c hose to remain 
anonymous, she told campus p olice her 
s tory so that those on campus would be 
warned of the potential danger. 

After the suspect was picked up on 
campus, he was questioned by UCSD 
p olice and turned over to Immigration 
and Naturalization Service (INS) 
authorities . He was later charged with a 
violation of federal immigration laws 
and held at a federal detention facility. 

According to the INS, only those 
immigration violators who are 
considered dangerous are held at MCC. 

The identity of the suspect has not 
been revealed by either the police , the 
INS, or MCC authorities. 

Psychological Services has also 
, refused to report the condition of the 
rape victim due to her own request. 

UCSD has a substantially lower rate of 
sexual assault than other California 
universities . The fact that UCSD 
averages only one reponed rape every . 
two years may be attributed to the 
UCSD police's active crime prevention 
and Community Service Officer 
programs. But Sgt. Jones stresses that 
this does not completely eliminate 
danger. 

"Students have a false impression that 
the campus affords them more security," 
Jones said in a Guardian interview. "But 
they should be cautious on campus as 
anywhere else: ~ 

, Voter deadline 
Midnight tomorrow, October 9, is 

the deadline for voter registration. 
Anyone who will be 18 by 

November 6, has not registered, has 
moved or changed political panies 
since the last time he registered , 
must register before the deadline to 
vote in the upcoming election. 

Registration tables will be 
distributed around the campus all 
day today and tomorrow. 

· . . . . 
'. . . . . 

. . . . . 
'. . . . . 

· . . . . . 
· . . . . 

· .... . 
· ... . 

· .. . . . . 

It's time to 
RE-REGISTER 

for the 
1984-1985 Academic Year! 

• 
You must register before 
events and use of funds 

can be approved! 
• 

Please call Marietta 
at X4083. 



Funding women is key to equal rights 
By JAMES RALPH PAPP, StaffWmer 

It has become respectable to support 
equal rights, although it is unfortunately 
still respectable (0 oppose them. The 
method by which we reach a state of 
equity makes people among the equal 
rights supporters take sides, because 
many, no doubt with [he best motives, 
contend that equity means merely equal 
opportunity, while others believe that we 
have to make up for past injustices, 
trying (0 reach justice as soon as 
possible through quotas. 

Arguments, and tempers, abound on 
both sides. If one looks at UCSD, one 
sees a student body with women in the 
correct population proportion to men. 
Surely this signals success for people 
who are not in favor of speCial 
considerations for those long 
discriminated against, who trust society 
to equalize as soon as official 
discrimination has been stamped out. 
Davis Law School is another instance of 
a balanced student body, with about 
51 % women. On the other hand, there 
are very few professors who are women, 
even young ones, and women comprise 
only 15% of all lawyers in America. 
Women stin earn only about 59¢ to 
every dollar a man earns (I should not 
say still, because the figure has gotten 
worse rather than better). Two-thirds of 
those in poveny are women. 

If inequity is disappearing in America, 
it is not disappearing at such a rate that 
one would notice. Let us ignore a 
certain constituency of this country (a 
very large constituency, one that wishes 
to keep Ronald Reagan in office), and 
assume that equality is a very good 

thing. I think it is, for the individual 
and for society, both for the sense of 
guilt inequality ought (0 give us, and the 
loss of the talent of those rejected that it 
does. Obviously we have not done 
enough (0 erase the legacy of past 
injustices against all oppressed or 
rejected people, racial or religious 
minorities, or women. Quotas are a 
quick way (0 destroy these injustices, if 
not the memory of them. Another way is 
suppOrt, suppOrt for the individuals who 
are trying (0 pull themselves up to the 
level at which their luckier, or more 
powerful, fellow humans and citizens 
have worked and lived for so many 
centuries. Quotas can be unpopular, 
particularly with those people who have 
inherited the advantages of centuries 
and suddenly learn that temporarily, 
until our SOCiety reaches equality, the 
advantages are going to be on the other 
side, on the side of women and 
minorities. However, what objection can 
there be (0 support? Those who do not 
need support, who have already been 
endowed with a dominant position, may 
be ungenerous enough (0 try to keep 
their positions and their encouragement 
and their money (0 themselves for as 
long as possible. But even they would 
agree that their generoSity is a cheap 
commodity compared with their 
inherited domination (which quotas 
would take away from them) and more 
easily parted with . 

The Women's Resource Center at 
UCSD is a system of support for a group 
that is trying to reach the potential that 
has so long been denied it. It is not a 

special-interest group, as the political 
commentators tried to tell us when 
pressure was put on Walter Mondale to 
name a woman as a running mate. The 
group, however insignificant its position 
has been and continues to be in our 
society, includes 51 % of the population. 
Its interests become "special" only because 
our society reserves many injustices espe-
cially for it, denying it birth control and 
comparable worth for work perfonned, 
allowing it almost a monopoly on poverty, 
rape and prostitution. 

Let us again ignore some of America's 
population (since they have been 
ignoring a good deal of the rest of it for 
a long time) and assume that solving, or 
at least easing, these injustices against 
women is a good thing. Let us assume 
that a support system is an effective way 
(0 attack these problems, as it has 
always proved to be in the his(Ory of 
rejected and oppressed people. Let us 
further assume that this method is less 
objectionable (0 many people than such 
forcible means as qUOta systems. Rights 
come when a government establishes 
them by law, but they also come when a 
SOCiety realizes that they should be 
present, and the women's movement 
has for hundreds of years (yes, really) 
been helping society (0 realize the 
importance of the rights of women. 

It has not been too difficult, has it, for 
us to assume the truth of these thi ngs? 
Yet UCSD as a whole has not been able 
to make these assumptiOns, has not 
been able to reach these truths. The 
Women's Resource Center, which by our 
reasoning ought to be heavily funded 

and supported, has shamefully little 
money. The other campuses of the 
University of California support 
women's centers with enough funds (0 
hire full-time staff members, but at 
UCSD there is only enough money, in 
an institution that employs thousands, 
to pay for 24 hours of pan-time help for 
the Women's Resource Center. Only a 
dedicated volunteer system keeps it 
alive. UCSD has the dishonor to spend 
less than 1/ 56 of the money that UC 
Riverside spends for half as many 
women as our campus has: $1500 to 
$85,000. That the students and 
Administration do not consider this an 
unbearable embarrassment says little for 
the sense of social responsibility and 
justice that moves us. 

UCSD has as many women as men, 
but numbers do not give a good 
indication of equality. There have always 
been as many women as men, but they 
have never had the same opportunities. 
The Women's Resource Center is 
making an effort to open those 
opponunities, and (0 help end the 
abuses of women. Their work has a 
direct effect on 52% of the students of 
UCSD, even those women who, having 
achieved some rights, win not admit of 
their source. But the Women's Center 
also has a dirtct effect on each one of 
us, because when injustice against any 
member of society continues to exist, 
the society as a whole, in its public 
morality and intellectual and material ben-
efit, suffers. Many civilizations have a-
chieved true power, but only one that elim-
inates injustice will achieve true grramess. 

Campaign spurs slanted polling 
By KELLEY NEAL. Siaff Writer 

"Mondale Losing in Every State, Survey 
Finds· -LA Times front-page headline, 
Friday, October 5. The average voter, who 
gets his infonnation in bits and pieces 
(headlines, second spots on 'IV), is not 
left with much incentive to vote. and 
there is even less incentive to vote for 
Mondale- a loser in 50 states according 
to the "new poll." 

The poll generates several questions: 
How true is it? Who was polled? Who 
were the pollsters and what was the 
format of the poll? Is it a good indicator 
of the future, or will it actually, in and of 
itself, change the future? 

Gallup and other national polling 
organizations are scientific and fair in 
their polling techniques; I trust their 
validity. National polls have the purpose 
of giving a citizen a picture of how the 
large body of US citizens feel about a 
candidate (as an addition to what the 
media portray). 

However. there are less reputable 
surveys run by advertisers, marketing 
analysts and local political campaigns. 

My experience on the other end of 
the line, as a $4/ hour telephone 
surveyer, has led me to seriously 
question the validity of these surveys, 
and I vehemently protest the ethics 
practiced. 

The survey I worked for was funded 
and run by the "Friends of Lucy Killea" 
campaign headquarters (Lucy Killea is 
running for re-election as the 78th 
District Assembly member In San Diego). 
The first thing that bothered me about 

this survey was that we were told not to 
reveal that this was sponsored by her 
campaign. If asked, which was 
inevitable, we were instructed to say that 
we were hired by "an independent 
.. esearch firm based in San Francisco 
called Fairbank, Canapry & Maullin." If 
pressed further, which didn't happen, 
there was a telephone number which 
could be given. 

It was inevitable that the person 
question the origin of the survey 
because of the nature of the questions. 
The first 8 lj2-by-14 page is straight. It 
asks how often the person votes: in 
most, some or few elections. If the 
answer is few, the survey is terminated . 
There are 13 questions, answered by 
"favor" or "oppose ," on the California 
propositions and sta te issues, as well as 
questiOns about politicians (Reagan, 
Wilson, Deukmejian, etc.). 

The second page is more interesting: 
It displays the questionable tactics of the 
creators of this survey. It asks , "For 
whom would you vote if the State 
Assembly candidates were: Patrick 
Boarman, appointed San Diego County 
Supervisor, Third District, Republican; 
Lucy KiIlea, member of the Assembly, 
Democrat; or Fritz Sands, systems 
analyst, Libertarian." The question which 
I found most difficult to ask followed 
the above question. II stated, "For each 
of the following, please tell me if you 
think it applies or does not apply to 
State Assemblywoman Lucy Killea: 

(a) Honest, someone we can trust ; 

(b) Experienced, qualified; 
(c) Too heavily influenced by her 
political party's leaders; 
(d) Hard working, gets the job 
done; 
(e) Too closely tied to local , 
downtown business interests; 
(I) Tough on crime; 
(g)-{l) Cares about people Ii ke me 
(this question was so sappy and 
patronizing that my social 
conscience forced me to omit it); 
(m)-{o) Et cetera. 

For the first few surveys I asked 
Lucy's constituents questions (a) through 
(m), and verbally apologized for the 
ordeal of that one question. Later, I 
abbreviated the survey to (a) through (e) 

or a selected portion of the questions, 
and randomly filled in a "Don't know" 
or "Mixed opinion" for the rest. 

Note that the series of questions 
about KilIea's personality and leadership 
qualities is asked after "Who will you 
vote for?" and before another "Who will 
you vote for?" After hearing the 
aforementioned "Lucy Killea is honest, 
trustworthy, cari ng and accessible" 
suggestion, it is not tOO surprising that 
there is another similar (a) through (g) 
section after a "Who will you vote for?" 
and before the third "Who will you vote 
for?" 

This section begins, "Tell me if you 
L CONTINUED ON PAGE 5 > 

Just For The Record ... 
All signed submissions represent the views 

of the author, and are not necessarily the 
opinion of the UCSD Guardian. 

All unsigned editorials represent the official 
position of the Guardian executive board. 
Dissenters will be prOvided the opponunity 
to express their views. 

Polling 
< CONTINUED FROM PAGE 4 ~ 
agree or disagree: 

(a) Lucy Killea is one of the top 
legislators in the State Assembly; 
(b), (c) The fact that Governor 
Deukmejian signed aU but one of 
her bills into law in 1983 shows 
that Lucy Killea can work weU with 
Republicans; 
(d), (e) Lucy Killea is a legislator 
with good business sense and the 
ability to improve State government 
finance; 
(I), (g) Lucy Killea is one of the few 
public officials who puts the needs 
of San Diego first." 

One begins to wonder if she isn't 
running for something more than re-
election (Woman of the Year? Mayor?). 

The surveyors are a bit more fair to 
KilIea's opponent on the fourth page, 
but not enough to give him equal time 
in this poll/campaign message. The poll 
reads, "I'd like to tell you a little more 
about two of the candidates running for 
State Assembly from your 
district.. . (rotate start)." There is a 
paragraph about the five good points of 
KilIea, foUowed by three bad points. 
Patrick Boarman, her opponent, is given 
twO good points, two not so good points 
that involve a contradiction in terms, 
and three bad points. Then comes the 
punchline: "Now that you know a little 
more about these twO candidates, for 
whom would you vote?" 

Most of the people went along with 
the survey, although they were impatient 
for it to be over; it takes 25 to 30 
minutes on the phone. All of them 
mentioned at least qnce that they found 

> CONTINUEb ON PAGE 6 > 

Doonesbury 

Sav·On Dru .... one of the large.1 volume retail drug store 
chlins in th. United Stat .. today . currently has career op· 
portuniti.. for individuals with college degrees or the 
equivalent experience in a retail management position . 
Degr ... in busin ... are helpful , but all majors .r. giv.n 
consid.ration. 
S ... ·On is looking for individuals with good interpersonal 
skills who hav. the pot.ntial and the desire for a I .. d.r· 
ship position in r.tailing. W. offer .n exclllent st.rting 
salar Vh I wide ~a!'lle of company benefits, and career growt opportunitIes. 

WE WILL BE ON CAMPUS RECRUITING 

....... .,. 
_t 

15.814 
PLEASE SIGN UP AT THE CAREER PLANNING 

AND PLACEMENT CENTER ON CAMPUS 

An Equal Opportunily Emplov.r M/F 

Monday, Ocr. 8, 1984 5 

-------------------------------.. BYGARRYTRUDEAU 

-

LIBRARY·ID CARD 
DEADLINE 

Library users are reminded that 
Sunday, October 14, 1984 is the last day 
that library services will be provided 
without a current official UCSD photo-ID 
card. This deadline will apply toallUCSD 
libraries. 

For your convenience, the photo-
ID . unit at Quonset 324 Warren will be 
open daily from 8:30 AM to 4:00 PM 
through October 12, 1984. Since 
processing takes a few days, you are 
encouraged to visit the unit BEFORE the 
deadline date to avoid delays. 



6 Monday, Oce. 8, 1984 

Students for Reagan 
By lAURI D. SHIRCK 

Several weeks ago, an elderly 
gentleman who had been a lifelong 
liberal asked me, "How can a young 
person like yourself be such a strong 
supporter of President Reagan and the 
Republican Party?" 

Immedia tely, a whole spate of political 
answers came into my head. They were 
answers having to do with debates and 
legislation. answers that bore upon the 
contemporary political agenda. 
Education, the economy. Central 
America, taxes and national defense 
were just a few of the issues that 
suggested themselves to me as I began 
to frame a response. 

And yet I knew that the question was 
nO{ essentially a political one; it was 
more basic man that. It was a question 
that went straight to the bouom line, 
and it was from me bottom line mat it 
deserved an answer. 

So I answered the gentleman's 
question with a question of my own. 
· What else." I asked, "would you suggest 
that a young person wim faith in his 
own ability to succeed should be?" 
There was me hean of the matter. 

It is not fundamentally a conflict of 
political opinions that separates me 
young voter for Mondale from the young 
voter for Reagan. Rather, it is a conflict 
of values and fundamental syrnpamies. a 
radically different vision of one's 
relation to the government and one's 
expectatiOns for the future . 

President Reagan and Vice President 
Bush have provided us with a vision of 
leadership. Theirs is the triumph of clear 
thinking, action and opponunity. Theirs is 
the vigor and the boldness that can 
acrually begin 10 solve problems and keep 
the nation on a steady. responsible course. 
Theirs is the reality that knows when a 

friend is an ally and an enemy a threat. 
For any young person who looks 

toward the future with determination 
and not despair. who looks at the free 
market and sees opponunity, not 
oppression , or who looks at the United 
States of Amenca and feels pride instead of 
pain , there is simply no other choice . 

What alternative do the Democrats 
provide? For a presidential candidate, 
they serve us up a warmed-over failure 
of a vice president. With the economy, 
they behave like kids in a candy store, 
eager to SWIpe as much candy as they 
can to pass out to their friends, but 
totally oblivious to the condition of the 
candymaker or his business. In foreign 
policy. their painstaking and meticulous 
efforts to balance national interests and 
national ideals only lead mem to lose 
Sight of both. 

Really now, what alternative do they 
provide? 

To an American of our generation 
who wishes to try to realize his plans. 
hopes and dreams, unassisted and 
unhampered by the hand of 
government, President Reagan and the 
Republican Pany represent powerful and 
positive values. They r~present the old 
American values of self-reliance, hard 
work, ingenUity, patriotism and courage. 
They know that me genius of America 
lies in me individual genius of its 
citizens. . 

That the youth of mis COUntry is so 
inspired and so motivated by these 
values. and by the leadership of 
Pll'sident Reagan and VIce President 
Bush , should be no surprise . 

-ulUrie D. Shlrck is County Chainnan, 
Youlh for Reagan-Bush and Presidenl, 
Col/ege RepublIcans al UCSD. 

AN INTERNSHIP IN EUROPE 
COULD HELP YOUR CAREER PROSPECTS 
Semester, Quarter and Summer programs 
in LONDON, EDINBURGH, PARIS, MADRID 
& BONN 
If you have a positive attitude, right GPA, good command 
of the language concerned you could intern in 
House of Commons, 
French National Assembly, 
Spanish Cortes, 
German Bundestag. 
Other place available 111 Law. Social Science, Research 
Labs .. BuSIness Museums. Town PlannIng, 
The Arts and European PoIrtrcs. 
1985 Semester costs from S2.975. Qu<,1er 
8. Summer costs from S 1.690 

FULL DETAlillIOM EPA. 
IIAITJII)UIIft' CXlLLfXiE, T AIITI'OWN, 
1f.T. I_I ..... (114) 131-3110 

goJt~f'!v~ 
~~\Vl~t1. INCLUDES: , Contact lenses, $ t~~ ~ examination, patient ~ training, follow up, 
{ 

~ chemical care kit 
tudent I.D ~ and fitting. 

wlthS ~ 
. EXTENDED WEAR ],t/1I1 ,.~~ LENSfSONLY $265.00 

THE CLASSICAL EYE 
ROBERT HELLER. 0.0. 

La Jolla Village Square 
452L 7374 

Fashion \.alley Center 
295-0537 

LOUIS M. TARTAGLIA. 0 .0 . 
University Towne Centre 

457-4791 

Polling 
'\. CONTINUED FROM PAGE 5 < 
it strange mat so many of the questions 
were about Killea. Some realized that me 
survey was sponsored by Killea and 
were slighdy irritated , but nm enough to 
hang up or decide mey didn't like her 
because of it I did have one man, an 
attorney. get very upset. and by the 
second "Who will you vote for?" he 
stated that he would not VOle for Killea 
because of mis survey. 

Not only was the survey in poor taste , 
replete with unemical campaign strategy, 
and unfair to me voters, it employed a 
few other exuaneous tactics mat proved 
to be questionable. The callers were 
given printouts of registered voters in 

KiIlea's district. If there was no phone 
number on the printOUt, we had to look 
up the number in the phone directory 
or call information. If a person does not 
put a phone number on the voter 
registration, I would assume that he 
does not want to be called about vOling 
matters. 

Many politicians use surveys and 
polls to find out how their constituents 
feel on issues. and I do not take 
exception to mis. In fact, it can be a 
way of promoting democracy by way of 
representing what the majority wants. 
KiIlea's survey does have an element of 
this- it asks about local and state 
issues. However, it is vety deceitful and 
unfair to me public in its underlying 
campaign speech for Killea. 

As voters. we should be aware of such 
practices and those who use them. 

Don't miss the boat· 
Tuesday, October 9 is the 
last day to register to vote in 
the upcoming election. 
Remember, if you don't 

. , 

regIster, you can t vote .... 
000 DO IT NOW!!! 

000 

The Faculty and Sta11 of the 

URBAN SIWIES AND PLANNING PROGRAM 

1nv1te majoxs and students tnterested 
in the program to attend a T G I F Open House 

on Fdday, October 12, 1984 
from 3:00 - 5:00 p.m. 

in the 1'h1Id College HumaniUes Building, 
Room 141 

For further iDtormation, please contact 
the Urban Studies Offlce at 452-3690, 

IT'S HERE! 
After a delay at. 

the pub1ish~rs~ the 

1984 CAPE 
book htl...,) fin ally 

available now 
canlpus. 

arrived. CAPE is 
at bookstores on 

And at only 50¢ a copy, it's a bargain! 

Monday, Oct. 8, 1984 7 
NE~ 

.L>' .~:+ y:-' .~ -..... 0-;' ~ ~z ' ~ , 

FFOG rolls into UCSD 
By EDWARD ISRAEL 

T HE SECOND ANNUAL Fall Festival on the Green (FFOG) was held Friday on the Urey Hall lawn to promote campus organizations, 
clubs and fun. 

Represented at FFOG were groups ranging from the 
Soaring Club to the Women's Resource Center. The 
general consensus about FFOG. which was preceded 
by a monm of cloud-shaped advertisements. was that 
the event was a good one. 

Hundreds of names were coUected on organization 
Sign-up sheets. adding to the day's success. The UCSD 
cycling tram collected 37 names. and the Women's 
Resource Center had l8 new Sign-ups. 

The Model United Nations group gathered six new 
members. "a lot considering the size of the club." said 
Elen Nash, secretary general of the club. 

The International dub had a steady procession of 
studel1lS asking about study abroad programs in Italy, 
Peru andJapan. among Olher countries, and getting 
their chance to put their names down for a Mexican 
fiesu dinner the cbb was holding the next day. 'We're 
just trying to get people interested; said International 
dub member Nina Anderson. 

The Goodyear blimp took a few hours off from Cub-
busting and made an appearance at me Festival. 

Many students savored the inexpensive lunch dishes 
of hot dogs and chile or barbequed chicken. 

Those who were just coming from classes or passing 
by had to participate when mey were STeeted by a 
giant tongue. stopped by a provocatively clad club 
member handing out leaflets, or showered in a spray of 
confetti. 

The UCSD police were also able to show they had 
the right stuff with a display that included anti-theft 
devices. two Communiry Service Officers, a motorcycle 
and a patrol car, in addition to two officers who 

an~red any questions asked by passers by. 
Across from the police display. Juggling Club 

members demonstrated meir skills to intrigued 
onlookers. The Juggling 9ub, which has six members, 
received Mgreat response ." said club member Michael 
Engshun. 

"II aIowed us to work in the festive atmosphere 
where we belong." 

The Office of Campus Recreation also had a 
booming day, seUing one doun T-shirts and 
accwnulating Man awful lot of sign-ups," as did campus 
radio station I<5DT. which manned an Immense 
ponable radio. played catchy music and enjoyed 
mriving T -shin sales. 

At the westernmost location of me festival , a bright 
yelow glider intrigued Dying buffs all day. The 30-
member club actively sought new members. In the 
words of Soaring Cbb member Peter Davis, "Toe more 
people. the more fun ." 

The ski group. known as the RadicaUy Inclined Ski 
dub. had perhaps me most popular of all activities at 
fFOG. In addition to a successful membership drive 
and having students try the club's Techni-Skis on the 
pavement. the Ski Club sponsored the Banana Split 
Eating Contest. 

For 50 cents per person. 11 four-member teams had 
meir chance to panicipate in me event and eat a four-
fOOl long section of me banana split. 

Several hundred onlookers stood wide-eyed and 
open-mouthed, watching for just over a minute as 44 
srudel1lS gorged memselves in a frenzied. stomach-
churning. hands-behind-the-back demonstration of 
primitive eating techniques. 

The ensuing food fight, initiated by the losing teams, 
splanrred salivating bystanders and added to the truly 
festive aonosphere of me occasion. 

The winning team. composed of four Guardian 
editors. Jeff Savage, Phil Lauder, Joe Desiderio and 
Christopher Canale. conquered the four-foot section of 
the sticky dessen in a mere one minute and II 
seconds (\7 seconds under the previous record) . "We 
knew it would be rough going in, so we had to pull out 
me big guns. We were hungry for victory." said Spons 

] Editor Savage. 
1! The gargantuan banana split occupied several large 

~ tables and was 100 f«tlong. It incorporated 32 pounds of 
iil Hershey's chocolate syrup. four pounds of maraschino 

~ cherries. mree pounds of crushed peanuts, 84 ounces of 
Q whipped cream, 16 galons of chocolate. strawberry and 
~---------_______ ..J 1l. vanilla ice cream. and about 80 bananas. 

In the festive aanosphcre of the FaU 
Festival on the Grttn, one KSDT sup-
panet' Dashes aU he's Rot. while anochu 
student grabs a bit anlOlll balloons. The 
various student orpnizalions Iincd the 
pathways in 5CaR:h of new runUts. 

The seemingly large turnout of students at the 
banana split eating contest was dwarfed by the turnout 
for free Budweiser Light heer at the ensuing TGIF. 
Founeen kegs of Bud Light. counesy of ASUCSD. 
Budweiser and Beer King. would laSt "only a few 
hours: according to Budweiser Special Projects 
Supervisor Christine Dixon. 

FFOG was deemed a succe s both In the eyes of the 
participaants and me organizers. 

"I wish we had it when I was a freshman ." satd 
student Sl.azanne Gablin. I£:J 

Dogs, dogs and more dogs (and beer) 
were sold-oul items among the fFOG 
cuisine. Belo .... students go bananas for 
the side-splitting RadicaUy Inclined Ski 
Club's ice cream piging contest. Bikers 
spin their wheels in front of the throngs 
of passers-by on the Main Drag last friday. 



. . 

WHAT IS A BUDDY? 

The Right Words 
(A llhe RighI Time ) 
Ill' knou .. , a feu: jn!.·"" ('UII re"i/l' 
Ihe starlillg lineup for Ih e 19.19 
New York Yan!.'ees and occasionol/y 
mallages good ad!!;,·e. Hul somelimes 
words arell ' l IIecessary . .. (md he 
know.< il. 

Generosity 
oOOdy woulclprobably wanl iI , bul 

he reaUy would give you Ihe swealer 
off his back . 

A Helping Hand 
Whell he's aroulld, Y OIl don ,1 ho vp 10 
lonk for volunteer. 

Responsibility 
EVf'ryrJrlP hu s all idea of what Ih e 
ideal blUlcIv, or frielld . ,wuld bp lik" . 
/JUI il a (, III~ l/y boil dOIl'II I .. j ll SI onp 
II,i,'8 - laking rpsp unsibilil \ fi,r 
"ad, olhpr. That 's reulfri""".I"I" 
Plea I' Ihi"k abolll i, 11.1' fl eX( (11111' 
you and your friends n.rp ill " 
drinking , ilaalioll . E ven It·hell ~'O ll 
aI''' having a good lime . .1'011 hat·" 
Ihe obligalion 10 be respollsib/e for 
your own behal'ior. so Ihat .VO II 
don ' t endangt'r or embarmas oll, prs. 
And you have Ih" rpspon.,ibilily 10 
look oul for your friends . 

I( /Pleflll.' flol /{p l/illK ilphi"d ,/, ,, 
U.'I.Pf! /, t'h e ll vo u · ,.,~ "tld 100 mHI''' lu 
dri,,~·. 1,/SIp;,d. ('(11/ a frip1111 f"" 
(USis t f"I ('P in !{e ttill~ hOIllP . til" it 
mea li S 11 01 lett i"l! .\'011" .rril'II(I .~ tI,., f ' f' 
'(' /I e /l th ey't·p IUHI 100 111111 '" II/ (I 
I(ood ti",,:o. 
Ourill/{ 'he IW:r' feu' U '(~(' h· ... . 
,tlll,,'".er-l/ us.· I .... illl,P If,' rodll ... IIK 
(I II PU' IJrOllralll on WHIr ('a m/JU S 
"" I/I'd 11.f' II",M,' S., .<11' 111 . 

A Good tistener 
II ... , 1101 jll I /{oill/{ Ihmllgh Ih .. 
fIt",i,,", . . . ... hnl .,'nll Ihillk ami 
110,.. YOII fpel (Ire important '0 hint. 

II'" ".ill/ ... ,"I/ .. i,,)! .. 1","1 1I.,iIlK (1. 1' 
" ·I"/Jlltll,,. "'1",,. ,"HI fll"I' f,u ·"t! If'i,,, 
,. IWlf, ,.,;,,1 tI,·",,/-· d";";1I1! .~;'II(11i1.", 
I ,'ul "" u'illl", lIi,.i",.: yml oilier 

!(lIJ.fJ.!fl.";O,,,. flit hu,1' It, ho/ti/iflrl;t'''i i ll 
fI ,"(~/;' , ,.,.."I/Hm ,,,iIJh

' 
,C'o ,\ ', IJ-'p IIrll(J ."".~ 

(0 I/II/kl' (III' If",h{" .'i""P'" (I /111 1" oj 
WHI r ,~ UI 'ifl llij"~ . Ifl,~r (,II. " ,luI' #('0" 
i.'f (f IIar' y ''';'''0,., Wilt,. "" )IH s . j .. I ' 

f'ush.pdln Ihe wall, you mighl nol 
ba"k him in the college pub arm 
wfl's llin,lf lournamenl. Bul in a 
llifficult siJ.uatton. i,'s niee '0 know 
he '/I go 10 the mal for you. 

A Program ,",or 
R e.~ponsible Drinking Prom 
If nheuser-Busch 

Monday. Oct. 8. 1984 9 

Silsbee elected to one-year tenn 

AS appoints new Lobby Annex director 
By LILYS McCOY 

O N WEDNESDAY NIGHT the Associated Stude~t Co~ncil appointed Kathenne Silsbee 
UCSD's lobby Annex Director to the 
UC Student Lobby in Sacramento. 

During her one-year term Silsbee 
hopes to inform and invol~e the UCSD 
student community in penment . 
university issues in the State legislature. 

"I want people to understand that 
they have an avenue through which 
they can be heard," said Silsbee. 

The Lobby Annex acts as a liaison 
between the students and the UC . 
Student Lobby. Silsbee will be workmg 
closely with the Student Body 
Presidents' Council (SBPC) in the . 
formulation and analysis of, and action 
upon current student legislation. The 
SBPC: an 18-member council 

representing aU nine UC campuses, will 
then vote on which bills the Student 
lobby should pursue in Sacramento. 

Silsbee, a recent transfer student from 
UC Santa Barbara, was named interim 
Annex director during this past summer. 
She began her political involvement 

"federal desk," where she co,?pil~d 
information about federal legislation and 
kept the UC Student Lobby up to date 
on those legislations around the c~untry . 
Because of her active involvement m 
federal issues, she was asked to facilitate 
our recent, systemwide membership In 

"So many people feel that they don't have an?,'thing 
to say, but I want them to know that they do. 
during a summer internship with the 
UC Student lobby in Sacramento, where 
she did research. wrote bill analyses, 
and recommended positions to the 
SBPC. 

Silsbee was also appointed to the 

the United States Students' Associa[~on -
(USSA), which is the nationallobbymg 
coalition . 

Silsbee sees her appOintment as a way 
of waking the "Sleeping Giant," refemng 
to the potentially powerful but 

uninvolved student body of UCSD. 
The fact that students are unaware of 

the Annex as a means of positively 
affecting me legislative ' process is, 
according to Silsbee, "a major cause of 
apathy (at UCSD)." 

·So many people feel that they don 't 
have a say in anything: Silsbee said, 
"but I want them to know that they do 
and that we're here, and we have an on 
going communicatio.n with th.e people 
who are making a difference. 

Anyone interested in becoming 
involved in the Lobby can contact 
Silsbee at her office in the AS wing of 
the Student Center on Tuesdays and 
Thursdays. There are intern spaces 
available and room for anyone who 
wishes to help, Silsbee said . ~ 



La Jolla becomes haven for refugees 
By JAMES RALPH PAPP,StaffWnter 

T HE LA JOLLA MO THL Y meeting of the Religious Society of Friends (more commonly known congregational members , the La Jolla and San Diego Friends meetings, will choose refugess to make sure that none 
feel pressured to make public 
statements, which could endanger them. 

as Quakers) decided last Wednesday to 
become a sanctuary for Central 
American refugees and became the first 
religious organization in the county to 
do so. 

lt is now part of a sanctuary 
movement that is gro\ving by one 

The La JoUa Meeting will then accqJt 
them in its meeting house over the 
weekend , holding all night vigils on 
Saturdays, as a means of public witness 
and also protection , and then holding 
meetings for worship and giving time church every week. 

The idea of sanctuary is nm simply to 
offer refuge to those escaping from EI 
Salvador and Guatemala, who have been 
estimated to be coming through San 
Diego at the rate of 500 a week , bur to 
allow them a place to speak out about 
their experiences and inform the media 
and the public about the conditions 
under which they fled their countries. 

for public statements on Sundays. After 
that the refugees will continue on their 
journey north. The La Jolla Meeting still 
needs some time before it can make the 
necessary preparations to offer sanctuary. 

The premise of their safety in this 
action is that the Immigration and 
Naturalization Service has nm been 
known to make a raid on a church to 
arrest undocumented people. 

The San Diego Interfaith Task Force 
on Central America, which has nearly 
100 ind ividual members but only two 

If the refugees are arrested in the 
meeting house or leaving it, they will 
have a better chance of staying in this 
country than if they had been arrested 
on the road, because they will have 
leamed their rights to a legal process 
that takes up to four years before they 
can be deported, or be granted refugee 
status , the former of which is the far 
more likely conclusion. 

The United States, unlike the United 
Nations, does nO! accept these people 

SCIENCE AND 
ENGINEERING 

MAJORS: 
TAKE OUT 

INSURANCE NOW 
HOVJ about an ~lnsuranceM pohcy that your sCience or engmeenng 

degre<> WIll really be used') It would be nICe . Especoally considerIng the 
\A..'Ofk you pUI 1010 such a degree 

The Air Force WIll use your talen ts We have openings for young 
men and women majoring In selected SC1eTlCe and engineering 
academIC fIelds Ioke Aeronauhcal. Aerospace. General and Elec· 
Incal Englne<>nng. MalhematlCs . PhysICS and Computer Technology. 
and many more 

One way to gel into these openings Is through Air Force ROTC. O ur 
AFROTC scholarship can help you Ionanclally so you can concentrate 
on gelling your degree AFROTC is a great oppor tunity to help 
yourself through colTege. and the Air Force is a great opportunity to 
n.·ally use what you learn 

Look Into lhe Air Force ROTC program al your campus II's good 
Insurance 

Call AFROTC at SDSU 
265·5545 

HOTC 
Gateway to a great way of lIfe . 

.' 

THE FUTURECOPV PLACE 
WELCOMES BACK 

STUDENTS" FACULTY 

41f2( 
Self SeNice Copies 

Mon. - Thurs. e am • e pm 
Frl. e am • 6 pm 

Sat. 10 am ·5 pm 
Sun. 12 noon - 5 pm 

THE FUWRECOPV PLACE 

as refugees , and less than a hundred 
have been granted the right to stay 
permanently in this country. When they 
are first arrested , many are convinced to 
sign a voluntary deportation . The La 
Jolla Meeting hopes to prevent this, and 
is planning to set up a bail fund for any 
who accept its sanctuary but are arrested. 

The Meeting reached its sanctuary 
decision in its monthly meeting for 
business by the traditional Quaker 
method of consensus rather than by 
voting. Those present quickly reached 
unity on the subject. 

Their intention in providing public 
sanctuary is not simply to help the 
individual refugees who can take 
advantage of it, but to make society in 
general aware of the truth of conditions 
in Guatemala and EI Salvador, and to 
bring attention to the Reagan 
Administration flouting the judgement of 
the United Nations high commisioner 
for refugees, for what the Friends 
believe to be political reason. 

They do not accept the contention of 
this Administration that the 
Guatemalans and EI Salvadorans are 

merely economic refugees, and believe 
that many, if not all, of those returned 
to those countries face certain and 
immediate death. One hundred and fifty 
churches around the United States also 
share this belief, as well as at least 1,000 
aSSisting those 150. 

District Director of the Immigration 
and Naturalization Service Bob Mitton 
said, "From where I sit, and comparing 
what those ecumenical groups say and 
what I see, I think they are less than 
candid." 

If past experience is an indication, 
INS activity around the La Jolla Friends' 
meeting house could increase 
dramatically, including the license 
numbers of those entering and leaving 
the meeting house being taken down. 

Carl Emerich, chari man of the 
Meeting's Peace and Social Concerns 
Committee, and Sister Louise 
MacDonald of the San Diego Interfaith 
Task Force will be visting local churches 
and organizations and the San Diego 
Ecumenical Conference to ask for 
suppOrt for the La Jolla Friends Meetin.£. 
in their new task of sanctuary. ~ 

The PEACE MEDITATIONS at UCSD 
Offer the following FREE meditations 
and classes for the fall quarter. 

THE NOON MEDITATIONS: a non-
denominational meditation open to all srucienrs, 
faculty, staff. For one-half hour, experience the 
peace, silence, and sTrength of meditation and 
bring That peace into your daily affairs, 
Wednesdays, P&L 1117, 12 - 1 pm, No experience 
needed, 

THREE WEEK COURSE IN MEDITATION: Leam 
meditotion techniques and discuss topics related to 
meditation, Dring any questions you might have, 
Tuesdays, October 9, 16, 23, USO 4020 [3, 3-4 pm, 

All Classes and Meditations are conducted by 
students of Sri Chinmoy, who is director of me 
PEACE MEDITATIONS at the UNITED STATES 
CONGRESS and me LNITED NATIONS 

Information - 459·2002. 

Tickets ~ Campus Box Office 

THIEl'S ~AHI AHD DAHCIIS 
in Concert 
Mandeville Auditorium 
Friday, October 19th 8:00pm 
Saturday, October 20th 2:00pm 8:00pm 
THREE'S CDNIAHI AND DANCERS 
San Diego's Foremost 
Contemporary Dance Ensemble 
Four Exci ing New Choreographies 

EvenIng Performances 
S10.50 Ge~al 

57.50 UCSD Students, Faculty, 
Staff, Seniors and Mllttary 

MatInee performance 
S9 00 General, 56.50 Dtscount 

Reserviltion informatIon and 
Charge·by·Phone call 296-9523 

Reserved seating 

Cafeterias 
round up students 
By CRAIG FISCHER 

In an effort to promote intermurlll 
unity, the UCSD Food Services and 
resident deans joined forces last 
Wednesday to throw the first "All 
Campus Dining Commons Westem 
Round-Up." 

Realizing that the lack of a major 
sportS team robs UCSD students of the 
traditional source of campus pride, the 
Food Services and resident deans 
hoped to foster this spirit through using 
food as a social happening. All dining 
commons 'Jnited to provide the meal, 
and the resident deans supplied funds 
for bands and booths. 

"We're all really excited," said Winnie 
McGuane, assistant director of Food 
Services. "It's our first big cooperative 
eCfon." 

All cafeterias were closed, and meal 
card owners were issued a ticker 
entitling them to a succulent, down-
home steak, coleslaw, beans, potato 
salad and com dinner. Students without 
meal cards were charged seven dollars. 

Although twO bands were advenised, 
only Red Lane, a country-rock outfit, 

Ishowed up at the "Round-Up." 
While the half-moon rose, the leader 

of Red Lane reminded the picnickers, 
"There's no law against dancing." The 
crowd chose to gather in srnaD groups, 
throw footbaBs and frisbees, and indulge 
in the pleasures of ten-cent cotton 
candy and 25-cent face painting. 

Most picnickers echoed the opinion 
of freshman Dan Fox. "It's a good idea," 
he said, "pUt together well and a nice 
change. However, there seemed to be 
little UCSD spirit being generated ." 

"1 don't think that anybody is meeting 
anyone else," said freshman Julie 
Bradshaw. "These kind of things take 
time." 

The UCSD Food Services and 
resident deans will continue their efforts 
in fostering campus spirit, and will try 
to make these events more accessible to 
a larger segment of the student 
population. ~ 

She will become 

A car belonging to a UCSD student burst into flames on North Torrey Pines Road , 
forcing the driver to pull over and abandon the vehicle last Wednesday. 

The engine ofthe 1971 VW Beetle, driven by Monica Leitgeb, caught lire due toa 
gasoline leak while she was driving across the UCSD campus. Leitgeb puBed over 
when the car failed to accelerate. 

"I was so scared when I ran over to the phone; I thought it would blow up," said 
Revelle student Leitgeb. 

A police o(Ticer who arrived early on the scene tried unsuccesfully to extinguish 
the fire using a hand-held fire extinguisher. 

Firemen in Engine 35 arrived to put out the flames shonly afterwards. 
"It's a common thing with these cars. We get four or five a month. VWs are one of 

the hardest cars to put out ," said Fire Captain Bill Davis. 
Leitgeb, who was unhurt , said that she paid SlOOO for the car, and it had recently 

passed a smog inspection. Content over the salvage of her school books, Leitgeb 
noted, "I can get a new one now. That's the good thing about it." 

Captain Davis noted that a faulty fuel line to the carouretorwas the culprit in the 
inCIdent. 

"I'd recommend aJapanese car next time ," added Davis. 
- Edward Israel 

their most deadly weapon. 

As long as they can make 
her fall in love. 

DlAtE KEATON 

THE 
LITTLE 
DRUMMER 
GIRL 

o 

If you ha\Ie 
diarrhea that 

began within the last 48 hrs and 
'NOU1d like to partldpate In an 
InwstlgatIonai drug study at the 
V.A. Hospital call Cheryl 
Beaumont or Steve Pandol M.D. 

'45~7500' ext 3284 for more 
Info. Upon completion of the 
study you will receive 525. 

.: 
• .-
~ ! £. FREE 

SCREENING 
A GEORGE ROY HIll FILM 
DIANE KEATON 
in JOHN LE CARRE'S 
"THE LITTlE DRUMMER GIRL" 
YORGO VOYAGlS KLAUS KINSKI 
Music by DAVE GRUSlN 

". 
+J 

c:: 

~ 
V) 

.1::1 .~ ~ DATE: October 12 
TIME: 8:00 PM 
LOCATION: Mandeville Auditorium 

University of Callfomla 
San Diego 

FREE PASSES avellable et UCSO Box Offtce. 

Sponsored by: University Events Office 

Executive Producer PATRICK KEllEY 
Screenplay by LORING MANDEL 
Based on !he novel by JOHN lE CARRE 
Produced by ROBERT l. CRAWFORD 
Qjll(tpd by GEORGE ROY Hill 

< 
... " 



The film of Fernando Arrabal 
Guemica combines an exciting story of wartime intrigue 
with shocking images - sometimes horrible, sometimes 
grotesquely amusing - of fascists b rutali tv. 

Guemica 
Friday, Oct. 12 7 pm 

TLH 107 FREE 
Sponsored by' Committee for World Democracy & Third World Studies. 

The Birdcage Review 
Call for submissions 

The Birdcage Review is now accepting submissions for the Fall 
1984 edition . Deadline for submissions is Friday of the fourth 
week (October 19). Submit your poetry, fiction , prose, music, 
an, photography, essays and criticism to the Birdcage ReView . 
Submission forms are available and submissions may be turned 
in to the Literature Dept. offices (TCHB 110, HS&S 4(09), the 
Visual Arts Dept. office (Mandeville Ctr. 216), the Music Dept. 
office (Mandeville Ctr. 110), and the Associated Students office 
(upstairs Student Ctr.). 

Two evenings of nuclear issues 
Monday, Oct 15: Film - The Last Epidemic. This film, 

presented by the Physicians for Social Responsibility, 
discusses the medical effects of nuclear war. The film will 
be shown in USB 2622 (7:00 - 8:00 pm). 

Wednesday, Oct 17: Ethical and Moral Issues 
Concerning Nuclear Weapons. Rev. William Mahedy, 
from the Office of Religious Affairs at UCSD. will be the 
speaker. The seminar, which will be held in the Revelle 
Informal Lounge 6:30-7:30 pm, is part of the Nuclear 
Weapons and Society seminar series sponsored by Student 

. Pugwash at UCSD. For further information concerning the 
seminar series or Student Pugwash activities, contact Carol 
Shumway (272-2550) or Aspen Arnan (272-8815). __ 
Society for Advancement of Management 

SAM.'s first general meeting for all Econ/ Mgt. Sci majors 
and other interested parties. All Welcome. Tuesday, 
October 9 from 6:15 to 7 pm in the North Conf. Rm. For 
more info caJl 452-4SAM. 

The future Howard Cosells club 
The spons depanrnent of KSDT radio could sure use a 

few sportscasters to do weekly shows. We also would love 
some help with our live broadcasts of "Fightin' Triton" 
sports. If you are interested call Tom at 453-4787, Andy at 
453-4999 or leave a note in the spons box at the station. Or 
come to the sports meeting this Monday at 5 pm at KSDT. 

The Sociology Club 
is having its first meeting on Thursday, 
October 11 in H&tSS 3009! All majors, minors 
and others interested. Find out what it is all 
about. 

Interested in the Health Professions 
and Health Issues? 

Hear the guest speaker at the H.I.P.O. meeting: 
Tuesday, Ocl 9 at 6 pm in Revelle Infonnal 
Lounge.New Students and old H.P. members 
welcome. Bring your own sack dinner. 

SaGely of Women Engineers 
Thursday, Oct. 11,5:30-7 pm . 

in 2102 Urey Hall. 
Topic: "Personal Computers: Are they Jor you?" 

Refreshments will be served. 

The International Fireside continuing series in current 
internationl topics presents: 

Professor Robert S. Edelman, 
Associate Professor in the History Depanment. 

Life in the Soviet Union 
Professor Edelman had spent a year in the Soviet Union 
and will talk about his own experience and perceptions. 

Date: Thursday, October 11 
Place: International Center Lounge 

Free Admission! Free Refreshments! All Welcome! 

.. , 

. 

SKI VAIL 
Join the Radically Inclined Ski Club of UCSD for the 1984 All-Cal 

Winter Carnival. Ski Vail's world class mountain from December 14 
to 21 with skiers from UCSD, UCR, UCI, and UCLA ski clubs. 
Dances, costume contest,Jacuzzi panies, thumper tournament, and 
awards ceremony are planned for some of your nighttime 
entenainment. During the week there will be two races, one Nastar-
format and an obstacle race as well as a mountain picnic. 

For skiing, there's no comparison to Vail. One gondola, three 
triple chairlifts, and thirteen double chairlifts service 10 square miles 
of 30% beginner, 40% intennediate and 30% expen terrain. That's 
runs of powder, packed powder and well-groomed fun that will fit 
every skier's ability. 

You want nighdife? If you feel like leaving your deluxe 
condominium accomociations, Vail has a multitude of restaurants 
and bars to suit every taste and budget. And don't forget UCSD's 
traditional RISC Kamikaze Party! $299.00 l)cket price includes 
round-trip transponation. 5-day lift ticket, T-shirt, events, and 5 
nights lodging. $440.00 5-day/S-night air package (from Los 
Angeles). $219.00 Ground package (you find your own way there and 
back) TICKETS ON SALE OCTOBER 15th! First come first seNe, buy 
your tickets early! 

Join the Fun! 
Anyone interested in working on the University 

Pop Events Committee should attend the meeting 
on Monday, Oct. 8 in the University Events Office, 
Student Center Bat 6 pm or call Linda at 452-4090. 

-r 

What is each person in this 
photograph doing? 

Find out by attending the recycle co-op 
meetings on Monday nights, 6 pm in the Che 
Cafe. 

Reality hits hard. . . 
when you're looking for a job and don't have the necessary 
"previous experience" employers are looking for. Get that 
experience with an internship from AS.I.O. The 
Associated Students Internship Office presents ... 

Internship Infonnation Night 
Tuesday, Oct. 9, 7 pm 

Revelle Commuter Lounge, Blake Hall 

Monday. OCI. 8. 1984 13 

This could be you! 
If you're tired of the same old grind at school then you 

need a little adventure! In the UCSD Soaring Club you can 
learn to fly a sailplane wherever you want, using your own 
skill to master the atmosphere. Come and see what you've 
been missing! There will be a Soaring Club Information 
Night on Tuesday, October 9 at 7 pm in USB 2622. We will 
have films and an introduction to soaring as well as sign-
ups to take an introductory flight. If you've always thought 
about giving it a try, this is your chance! 

Israeli Food today 
Come talk with students who have been to Israel or just 

come and eat! Monday, Oct. 8 at the Revelle Formal Lounge 
at 5:30 pm. Sponsored by the Israel Action Committee. 

Non-Sexist Dance 
Where: Che Cafe 
When: Friday, Oct. 12 at 9 pm 

Sponsored by L.A.G.O. Call 452-GAYS Jor more inJo. 

Lecture Notes Service 
Logo Contest! 

Winner receives a free subSCription for any quaner 
this year. Deadline is Friday, Oct. 19 at 3 pm. 



· . 

Debunking myths about Women's Cent~r 

By DAWN WARRINER 
"H AVE YOU EVER BEEN in 

there1" I inquired of my 
friend as we walked 

th rough the Student Center. Her reply 
was succinct and to the point - " 0 
way." She then continued walking and 
upon realizing that I had stopped she 
laughed and left with a paning quip of, 
"See ya later" with a tone that strongly 
suggested her doubt that I would even 
get OUt alive. 

Undaunted , I turned back to the little 
square building and looked at the 
wooden sign on the wall outSide the 
door, which read , "Women 's Resource 
Center." I walked In half-expecting to be 
devoured by heretic lions; instead I 
found myself face to ace with a young 
woman about my age. "Are you the report-
er?" she asked . Having been idemified, I 
was offered a seat on one of the 
couches where 1 was facing three 
women with looks on their faces -----
that could have matched mine. 
My heretic lions were just as 
worried about a reponer as I 
was about meeting an angry 
Amazon with no bra. 

My hosts at the momem 
were Sharon Moxon , Barbara 
Hopkins and Becky Lemmon , who 
were later joined by Adrienne Pilon 
and Mary Weir, who is co-ordinator 
of the Rape Prevemion and Educa-
tion Program. As our conversation 
progressed more and more people 
came in and joined the group. Soon I 
was getting 20 answers for one ques-
tion. The women were so friendly 
and interesting that 1 kept asking 
questions just to hear the various re-
sponses. 

Almost immediately I was con-
vinced that , contrary to popular 
belief, the Women's Center does 
have a purpose. In fact it has 
many very imponant purposes, and what 
is most frustrating to the women there IS 
that so few people realize what they are; 
"It's nor burnmg bras and picketing signs; 
we just want women to be more aware of 

what they're fighting." 
What indeed. What are women 

fighting? The answer is simple-sexism. 
With a look born purely out of concern, 
rather than anger, Barbara stated it with 
a realism that's sad. "Sexism is serious, 
and most women don't even realize it." 
So often I hear people, both male and 
female , saying that sexism isn't a 
problem anymore , or asking why there 
are women's issues now that women are 
so free. 

Freedom. Equality. What could be 
more equal than women making about 
50¢ to every male's dollar? This isn't a 
myth, it's a fact. Not until you graduate 
from college and really start a career do 
you run into that problem though, so 
for now it doesn't exist, right? Of 
course. 

So what about now? Date-Rape for 
instance. It is far more serious than 
most imagine. My hosts told me that 
most of the victims are younger; 
freshwomen who don't realize that it is 
OK to say "No· or "I don't want to." Too 
often, they said , there is an all-or-
nothing mentality that leaves the female 
feeling as if she has to "go aU the way." 
It's not necessarily the male's fault 
either, it's society's , and that is one of 
the memalities that the Women's Center 
fights . 

Sexual harassment is another problem 
on campus. It can be as subtle as a 
professor who takes a man's questions 
more seriously than a woman's, or as 
blatam as a professor or TA who gives 
A's for a price. This problem exists 
outside of the classroom also , such as at 
work or in campus organizations or 
wherever there is an authoritative 
situation where the authority makes 
sexual demands. 

Jobs on campus and employment in 
general is a literal haven for sexism. 
Women aren 't always permitted to do 
the same jobs as men on campus, they 
must perform more menial "women 's" 
work. Women are qUite often hired on 
the basis of their appearance, their 

"femininity ," rather than their skills. 
As ertive males are usually considered 
ambitious and honest whereas assertive 
females are consid ered bitchy and 
masculine. 

A woman's appearance is quite often 
co ns idered to be her personality also , 
and as Adrienne Pilon commemed 
about UCSD or even the US, "There's a 
heavy emphasis on The Body Beautiful!" 

My lions had a lot more to say. One 
of their more interesting questions had 
to do with the problems with language. 
For instance, what do you call a male 
whore? And is it possible to call 
someone a "son of a sire," or perhaps a 
gelding? I think, women , that we have a 
problem here. 

So how do we start solving some of 
these problems? The Women's Resource 
Cemer has plenty that you can do . Since 
UCSD only allocates it $1500 for the 

year, which in comparison to UC 
Riverside's $85,000 a year for half as 
many women is rather absurd , it 
depends mainly upon volunteer work. 

There are lots of activities going on: 
There's International Women's Week, 
lectures by renowned individuals, coffee 
hours where faculty members speak, and 
there are two new series coming up-a 

~alth Care Series and also a Rape 
Prevention Series on October 10, 17 and 
24. On October 24 there will be a self-
defense seminar by Betty Brooks. On 
Tuesday, October 16, from 12-1 in the 
North Conference Room Lisa Hirshman, 
an advocate at UCSD S::ounseling and 
Psyc hological Services, will be speaking 
about sexual harassment. With 
everything that 's going on there they 
can definitely use some help. As one of 
the women remarked , "It takes a large 

commitment (to work at the Center), 
because that's the only way it'D stay 
alive , and it's really important." 

The Center deals ~ith rape , 
homo exuality, PMS, sexual harassment. 
abortion , and political attitudes. There is 
always walk·in p eer counseling, and 
they ca n do refe rrals for almost 
anything- Including telling you 
anywhere you might wam to go in the 
Student Center, since most people walk 
into there by mi stake! 

"What's the largest misconception you 
run into in here ?" I inquired. My ~nswer 
came in a chorus, "That the Women 's 
Center is a den of hungry , radical , 
lesbian , feminist , separatists!" As I 
looked around at polo shirts, cute 
hairstyles, bright smiles, belts , jeans, 
skins, and scarves I could have been 
sitting at a sorority meeting as easily as 
a feminist raUy. 

I learned a lot JUSt by going in once 
and , as one of the men in the Center 
said, "Feminism is a learning process. 
Men need to learn a well as women. 
Things that oppress women quite often 
oppress men also ." There's a lot of 
pressure put on rnales in our society. 

There is a feminist cause , and there 
are still plenty of relevant women's 
issues that both men and women are 
affected by. The lions in the Center are 
addressing these issues seriously and 
have high hopes for the future . If you 
are interested in seeing a community o f 
relaxed , friendly, intelligent people who 
can help you broaden your outlook and 
views, go ahead and enter the den. It's 
fun in there , and you will come out 
alive- really alive. ~ 

See related commentary in Opinions secrion. 

~~-~~~----- --- ~-- - ---- ---- -~-~------

UNCL 
Council Travel Services 

WINTER TROPIC SPECIALS 
7 -night packages 

MAZATLAN FROM $136 
HAWAII FROM $359 

DOUBLE CX:CUPANCY: INCLUDING 
AIRFARE, HOTEL AND TRANSFERS 

PLEASE STOP INTO THE STUDENT CENltR 
OR CALL 451-0630 

.. 

Dual world of women 
By BARBARA GALLIOS 

- it's no use trying to pretend that 
most people and ourselves are alike. 
Most people have less in common with 
ourselves than the 
squarerootofminusone. You and I are 
human beings; most people are 
snobs .. .. 

e.e. cummings 

"U SUALLY WHEN I MEET a 
woman, as soon as she 
opens her mouth I think to 

myself, 'She has the brain of a turnip.''' 
The young man from the Scripps 
Institution of Oceanography spoke to 
me confidentiaUy, leaning towards me 
with a low voice. 

"The average layman is incredibly 
stupid. Certain facts are too dangerous 
to permit them to become popularized." 
I construed the ideas Doris spoke of as 
those enabling her to live in her 
spacious house in the hills of La Jolla. 

"One of the biggest mistakes you can 
make is to assume everyone in the world 
is like you in thought and action and daily 
life," spoke the professor. Who did he 
think 1 was that 1 was so different? 

Linda lives in a small house one mile 
from my home. She is a friend I can 
count on no matter how many id iotic 
thoughts spring from my mouth or what 
my current grade point average is. 
Everything in her house is handmade, 
from the quilt on the bed to her three-
month-old daughter'S jumper. She wears 
her long, wavy red hair in a tight braid 
that hangs like a rope down her back. 
Her body is still bloated fro m childbirth 
and nursing. She laughs when the 
zipper in her old jeans refuses to stay 
up, knowing she'll quickly work off the 
excess fat. 

We have worked together for two 
years, switching at the same time to 
working primarily on the evening shift. 
She needed the mornings free to care 
for her infant when her husband was at 
work , while 1 needed the mornings off 
so 1 could go back to school. I have 
always considered myself blessed to 
have Linda to work with. We are always 
there for each other when one of our 
patients is fOO heavy to lift, or is 
vomiting or dying. When one of her 
favorite patiems died violently and 
messily, alert and aware throughout the 
whole process, Linda went into a 
hysterical laughing fit. She kept laughing 
and laughing and laughing for the entire 
shift. 1 did her post-monem care for her 
so she could get away and caim down , 
but there was no c1aming her down for 
the next five hours. Luckily we had an 
understanding charge nurse that mght 
who was patient enough to Just let her 
laugh it out. When 1 was floored by a 
fed up ex-marine ventIng his frustration 

by taking a swing at me, Linda was 
there to pick me up off the floor and 
put him back to bed. She asked him 
why he would do such a thing, to which 
he replied he did it because he felt like 
it. She followed this up with such a 
tirade I thought she might lecture him 
back to ill health. 

In our dual worlds of diapers, cribs, 
doctor bills. textbooks, exams and 
tuition, neither of us would have time 
for the other until we put our concerns 
aside long enough to be concerned with 
each other. So last week she left Jennifer 
at home with Mark, and 1 left rny books 
behind so we could go ice skating. We 
glided over the ice freely, at last in 
contact with a solid offering little 
resistance. We skated as a pair, lifting 
each other up when we fell , spinning 
each other around on the ice. The ice 
scraped off the blades of our skates at 
each new twist in our path . For a short 
time we were free of the responsibilities 
we had accepted, free of the peo ple 
who expected so much of us, free of 
everything except an unrestrained 
movement. 

AU of my muscles held a body-wide 
protest the next day, but a 4OO-page 
deluge of reading had lost the efficacy 
to make me tense. At work in the 
evening, Linda and 1 laughed at our 
disabilities. 

"You sho uld have seen me this 
morning trying to do the laundry and 
oobbing Jennifer around on my 
shoulder. I couldn't even stand up all 
the way, couldn't reach the high shelves 
in the grocery store . By that time 
J enni fer was screaming and everyone in 
the store was looking at me Itke I was a 
monster. What could I do ? I had to do 
the shopping." 

"Why don 't you let Mark do the 
laundry?" 

"Honey, are you kidding? He'd 
probably put my uniforms in with his 
blue jeans. Besides, he doesn't have the 
patience to look after Jennifer and do 
the laundry at the same time. She's so 
demanding now. She's not happy unless 
I'm holding her, or feeding her, or 
talking and playing with her. Sometimes 
I hate to leave her to go to work, but 
other times it's a relief just to get away 
from her for awhile ." 

By the end of the spring after next, if 
all goes well, Linda will have a living, 
Walking, talking, loving daughter, and 1 
will have a diploma. Neither of our 
accomplishments will be achieved 
without strife , but when we share the 
trials our perception of life becomes 
more balanced . Each time we make the 
effon to maintain our friendship we 
bring two perniciously separate worlds 
closer together. ~ 

Elias Hair Design 
Casual. Comfortable. Californian. 

(formerly La Jolla 
Cutting Company) 
737 Pearl St., La Jolla 
456-11 70 456-1815 

New.hop; 
7608 Linda Vista Rd. 
(Mesa College DR. & 163) 
268-8865 

Pre<:I.lon .tyl., cull (or women $13 (r~ll. $11l) 
Pr.,d.lon style cull for men $10 (rcg. $'5) 

Directional perltUl $25 (rel/. $40) • Sculptured nan. (fuHlet) $18 (reg. $40) 
Mankurc &. pedicure $t5 (rc~ . $. ) . Cellophane '15 (reg. $25) 

On" hour facial now $28 (reg. $40) 
Carefree T.CB. curl $30. Rei .... touch up $30 

)jH.\.wll/()(,J wlCh ,,J U 1111 jchtt.'li SlylLlB ,hrow./:h 10/ ,,1 4 



16 Monday, 0 I. 8, 1984 

The sort of man who ... 
z;::;E~ /11 
:r:: I / i' I 

I · . . i6 L. ::;e. ~~ 
By HEATHER LI 

I T TAKES a cenain amount of effon and ingenuity to live at all, and much more to live 
well. I think it must take a superhuman 
amount of energy and wit to live a 
double life in a way that would make 
anyone envy either. 

He is the son of man who impresses 
you instantly. In his presence most 
things seem small and inSignificant, 
except for those few precious things 
that are allowed to command his 
attention;, these become, as he is, larger 
than life. Things like art, music, 
love ... become reasons to live, and 
causes to die for. 

Tonight, music is holding his 
attention for the moment. He has, he 
says, been listening to Mozart all 
afternoon , so he is in a pensive mood. 
He will play the record for me at home, 
he says, because I must , must hear these 
things as soon as possible. He gets this 
way about Mozart often, but also about 
the RollIng Stones, Joy DiviSIOn and 
New Order, Talking Heads, David 
Bowie, Slouxsee and the Banshees, 
Killing Joke .. . and any other musicians 
that meet his exacting reqUirements. 
Classics and "fringe modems;" all 

:. ' . 

others, includi ng easy listening and pop, 
are dismissed as "boring." He detests 
the ordinary and the mediocre. For this 
reason he hates Michael Jackson, Duran 
Duran, and all the darlings of the MlV 
set. 

T onigh t he is sitti ng ina stylish cafe, 
wearing a black leather mexorcycle 
jacket and sipping white wine. He looks 
tan and distinguished, with an unusually 
long nose and unusually long eyelashes. 
He decides that we are having the fruit 
and cheese plate: I know I won't be able 
to identify the cheeses, and perhaps he 
will scold me for it. He often orders for 
me: I am cuturally backwards, but he 
thinks I am intelligent enough to be 
educated. He will teach me the right 
foods to eat, the music to listen to, the 
people to admire. He will make me 
"More French than he is," 

In his other life, the one that ended 
at five today, he is respected and loved 
and admired. He is known to be 
fabulously in telligent, a brilliant and 
creative thinker with a volatile temper. 
Many of his colleagues may suspect 
there is more to him than they know 
about , but he prides himself on the fact 
that no one, not one of them, knows 

Student Pugwash at UCSD presents the seminar film series 

NUCLEAR WEAPONS AND SOCIETY: 
A BALANCED PERSPECTIVE 

Wed., Oct, 10 

Mon .. Oct, 15 

Wed" Oct, 17 

Wed" Oct, 24 

Tue,. Oct, 30 

Mon,. Nov, 5 

Wed,. Nov, 7 

Mon,. Nov, 12 

Wed .. Nov, 14 

Tue .. Nov, 20 

Wed" Nov, 28 

The Physics of Nuclear Weapons 
and Their Effects 

Film: The Last Epidemic 

Ethical and Moral Issues 
Concerning Nuclear Weapons 

The Nuclear Winter 

Soviet Nuclear Weapons 
Strategy 

Film: Countdown for America 

The Arms Race and the Third World 

Film: War Without Winners II 

Psychological Aspects of 
the Nuclear Threat 

National Security 

What on Earth to Do? 
Some Proposals 

All seminars will be held In the Revelle Informal 
Lounge and start at 6:30. Films will be shown In 

USB 2677 (7:00-8:00 p.m.) 
For more Information concerning the seminar 

series or Student Pugwash activities, contact Carole 
Shumway (272-2550) or Aspen Aman (272-8815). 

~ .-

about his life here, watching the sun set 
in a La Jolla cafe, clad in black leather 
and musing about Mozart . Some of them 
know he has a rich life outside of his 
work, that he is a distinguished artist, a 
connoisseur of all that is good, a world 
traveler who speaks seven? eight? 
different languages, something of a 
jetseuer, a Beautiful Person. But none of 
his associates know how completely 
independent he is of them and their 
world once the sun has set. Long, rare 
weekends, he dons one of his tHty or 
si~ty pair of sunglasses and sets out for 
points beyond. 

Everyone knows he is opinionated 
and outspoken in whatever setting, one 
might think he is arrogant, if it weren't 
for his sudden sincere warmth and 
characteristic "We understand each 
other, don't we?" smile he lavishes on 
the privileged. When he is scornful, his 
contempt is sharp and biting. He sneers 
around the room now. ·Such vulgar, ugly 
faces," he says as a large bald man in a 
plaid shirt laughs a loud, empty laugh. 
He ridicules tne life of the Little People, 
the "real estate salesmen, legal 
secretaries, dental assistants .... " But 
underneath his generalized hate and 
abstract cruelty for petty people is a 
specific and all-consumingly passionate 
love for whatever pleases him. Thus, 
after he has bullied one waiter for some 
breach of etiquette, he is insllmtly 
soothed by a cheerful, polite waiter. "He 
is terribly nice, isn't he?" he says. In the 
midst of belittling those who aspire no 
higher than to be comfortable and 
watch TV, he stops, and remembers 
someone he once met. 

Pop music is piped through the 
speakers above the tables; he is listing, 
with amazing rapidity, the groups he 
thinks are stupid. "Kool and the Gang 
are stupid, Billy Joel is stupid, Lionel 
Ritchie is stupid, Elton John is stupid, 
all heavy metal is stupid." In the midst 
of this ~ting, the most commercially 
pop song of all, "Evety Breath You 

Take," bursts ove r the speaker. He 
softens. "I hate to admit it, but I like this 
song," he says. "It reminds me .. . last 
summer I was in Savannah driving, and 
every radio station was playing this 
song. There were ... those crees, cypress 
trees- - the grass and trees were an 
incredible shade of blue-- on both sides, 
and the sun was JUSt rising and ," he 
gestures Widely, "there were streaks of 
the most beautiful colors shooting in all 
directions-- Blam! blam!-- all over, 
just ... the most gorgeous colors. He 
sinks into a reverie, listening to the 
song. "Do you like this song?" "Yes," I 
admit, "I like the Police." "I don't," he 
says. But he is smiling. 

The first time I met him was in his 
working world. I thought he was 
fascinating because he alternately smiled 
and frowned with equal intensity, and 
always said things that were 
devastatingly intelligent. He liked me 
because I was wearing a gray wool cap, 
and next to sun~sses he likes hats 
most of all. He thought I had an eye for 
art, and good taste , although I lacked 
sophistication. But that too can be 
acquired .... 

The sun is gone, the song is ended, 
and he is brooding about Mozart again. 
Tonight he is staring into the candle 
flame and saying "So I was thinking this 
afternoon about . . . what if there were a 
man, a genious, in th~ 18th century who 
didn't know what to do ... how could he 
express himself? What could he do? If 
he were far, far ah~ad of his time, and 

.surrounded by stupid people, what could 
he do? Crawl off and die of syphilis the 
way Mozan did? Tell me, what would 
such a man (lo?" His eyes are very 
green, and brighter than usual. 

Some days he laughs at everything 
and teases me constantly. My assertion 
that imported chocolates are fun 
because the boxes are printed in 'Six 
different languages sent him into 

> CONTINUED ON PAGE 17 > 

FOR 
If you must But please, .. before you start, do .. the pros do end acquire 
AU. the tools you need to do thejob right Strong cotru andwhatewr 
else you UK IMY not be enough. 

00 we recommend cramming? Certainly not But for those of you who 
are gains to cram tnfWlIY (We know there ere some of)'OU out there), 
the M.UKOFF MIJIDRY lIAININCI Is simply "the greatest crammlns 
tool ~ Irwcnted." 

Stili skeptical? We knew you would be, 

So why not break lNoIlIY from the books and spend just one hour of 
your valuable time and watch us "put up or 11M up" You'll enjoy It And 
In just 1 0 short minutes, we'll hove you mcmorlzlns a list YOU'll never 
forget, In one third the time, 

UCSD FREE SEMINAR satIDULE 

MondirV, Odobcr a, 1914 • Room PH 10.. • 3:00 p,m, 
Wcdrlcldlv, Odobcr 10, 1914 • Room PH 104 • 3:00 p,m, 

Sponsored by Zeta kta Tau - Alllrwlted to attend, 

"' ... nted IIy .. ",oW ~ Innltute. Devfd Martroff will be ........ 
......... ,... Call Z75-7Z26 for _lnfonItatlon or to order~. 
upes. 

Watching one's watch while wasting away 
By PHIL LAUDER 

My watch died the other day. It 
wasn't a sudden attack or anything; it 
had been sick for sometime, and in my 
heart I knew it had little chance of 
survival. 

It is sad to watch a grown watch 
dwindle away to nothing before your 
very eyes. First the little light goes-
dim, dimmer, dimmest. So you just don 't 
use the light very often. Next the Iiquid-
crystal-digital numerals begin to fade-
slowly at first, so that you have to bring 
your wrist a little closer to your face and 
tilt the crystal at an angle to see the 
numbers. But soon you're tilting your 
wrist at 30 degrees, and 45 degrees and 
120 degrees-and your friends start to 
wonder what your problem is. There can 
be no mistaking the symptoms now; 
your batteries are weak, and it is time to 
seek professional h~lp . 

But somehow, I never seem to act 
quickly enough. My watch face w~nt 

compl~tely blank two days ago. I read 
the symptoms, I knew the diagnosis. 

And I did nothing. And now I have no 
watch . And I'm all confused . 

Once you get used to a watch , it is 
amazing how helpless you are without 
it. In the past two days , I have glanced 
over to read the time off a very empty 
wrist at least two dozen times. All I keep 
seeing is that little clump of white skin 
where the sun never gets a chance to 
tan . God that's uJdy. Where's my watch? 

I don't know if I'm late to class, I 
don't know if I ean make it to Ralph's 
before it closes, I don't know how long 
I've got before the MASH reruns come 
on. I'm just totally lost. Where's my 
watch? 

It amazes me to think that still, in 
this techno-modem world of computers 
and deadlines and time, time, time, 
many people surviv~ without a watch. 
Unfortunately, they usually g~t quite 
cocky about it: "I don't need to be tied 
down by society's chronological 
demands," some say. Noble. Noble 
fertilizer. They're as tied down as 

anyone , but a lack of a timepiece on 
their bodies makes them think they're 
free. Fine, think what you like, people. 

On the oppoSite end of the spectnlm 
are (he people who own a watch with 
that ridiculous hourly chime. Who the 
hell invented that thing? And why? I just 
don't understand the necessity to be 
made aware that it's 4 o'clock on the 
West Coast. It ain't 3:50. And it ain't 
4:20. It's 4 o'clock. That's neat. 

It's especially neat to hear the hour 
sounded by about 25 different watches 
in the middle of two-hour lectures or 
three-hour symphonies. Opus 24, No. ) 
is, "Bee-beep, boop, tong-tang, ding-
ding, bee-be-beep, nee-neneed, nee-
neneed. " And the chorus continues for 
about five minutes, since no two 
watches read the same time, I don't care 
how rrrany there are. And just when you 
think it's all over, that it's safe to stan 
concentrating on the perfonnance 
before you, someone chimes in at about 
ten or 12 minutes past the hour. Likes 

DELIVERY 
WINNING THE WEST 

WFI , S FARGO SIUDENT' Q4NS 
Speedy Processing: At Wells Fargo, we're 
committed to rapid turnaround. Our state-of-the-
art student loan system enables us to give your 
loan request prompt attention and swift handling. 
We Make It Simple: No additional bank fonns 
are required, and you don't need to have a credit 
history or account relationship in order to qualify. 
Courteous Customer Service: Our service 
representatives are ready to answer your ques-
tions. We appreciate your business, and we're 
anxious to make your dealings with Wells Fargo 
Bank pleasant and hassle-free. 
Choose WeDs Fargo: If a student loan is part 
of your plans for financing your education, then 

tell your financial aid office that you want to go 
through Wells Fargo Bank Soon after you mail 
us your application, you'll begin to see why 
Wells Fargo was the smart choice. 
If you need more information, we'd be happy 
to help ... phone or write us today! 
Call (800)641-0473 Toll-free 

(415) 396-4105 Collect 
Weekdays 8 AM-5:30 PM 

WeDs Fargo Bank 
Student Loan Center 
P.O. Box 63095 
San Francisco, CA 94163 

to set his watch behind and be ten 
minutes late wherever he goes, I guess. 

And then there are the watches with 
the neat little tunes for alarms. You 
know, they play "The Star Spangled 
Banner," "When the Saints Come 
Marching In: Beethoven's Fifth 
Symphony, Beethoven's "Fur Elise" 
( Beethoven is a popular guy when it 
comes to watches)-boy I'd like to step 
on one of those when they go off, These 
watches have a tendency to sound in 
the library, but they never seem to be 
attached to anyone's wrist; surely if they 
were, someone would tum them the heD 
off, wouldn't they? Wouldn't they? 
Maybe they're planted by KGB agents to 
distract the minds of America's college 
youth. Good tactic. 

Anyway, I still have to get my watch 
some batteries. Until then, I'U keep 
staring at my white wrist and listening 
to those ridiculous hourly chimes with 
disgust. 

Or is that envy? ~ 

Sort of 
man who ••• 
< CONT1NUED FROM PAGE 16 < 
convulsions for five minutes. He has a 
phenomenal memory that can play back 
conversations like a tape recorder. More 
than once this memory has left me 
sprawled and wiJt2\ing on a pin , as he 
plays back, wordlor word a promise I 
made and hadn't kept. For aD his self-
assurance, he needs to have the 
constant assurance of those who love 
him that he will nOt somehow be 
forgotten. 

For all his intelligence and love of life 
there is a self-destructiveness born of 
restlessness that is hard for some to 
understand. "A self-destructive streak is, 
nonnal and heakhy," he asserts. 
"Besides, there is a certain cost-
accounting in life. If you want to have 
fun , you have to take risks." He insists 
on driving his cabriolet very very very 
fast, top down in an kinds of weather. 
He ttavels to bizarre and unheard of 
places, dangerous places where anything 
could happen and no one would ever 
know. He thinks fast, moves fast, and 
allows his blood pressure to rise at the 
various injustices of the world. He gets 
into arguments easily, but he always 
wins. 

The first time I saw him cry was 
when he heard a close friend had 
cancer. He had on a brilliant blue silk 
shirt; he was going to drive right up to 
see her, he told me the news in a flat 
contrOlled voice. Then he suddenly 
burst into tears. "Don't you understand," 
he sobbed, "she's going to die!" He tore 
into the next room to cry by himself. 
"Why do these things happen? I'm not 
used to it." 

Not long after that, another close 
friend was killed in a small plane crash. 
This time I didn't see him cry, just "I'm 
very upset, as you can imagine," over 
the phone. He still wasn't "used to it," 
but I was glad he wasn't. It would be 
terribly sad if he were. 

Tonight he is staring with green eyes 
into a candle flame, thinking about 
Mozart as Muzak plays through the 
speakers. There is a very good 
phexography exhibit in La Jolla, he says, 
and a contemporary an showing in LA 
he makes me promise to see, though I 
have no idea how to manage it. The 
\vaiter brings blueberries and 
strawberries and cheeses and che~ses 
and more white wine. 

What if there were a man, a genious, 
in the 20th century ... ? E:J 



... 

t _ 

18 Monday, OCI. 8, 198'1 

Academic Services 
MONDAY .... DAY 
..... 100 ..... - SIGI. System of Interactive 
Guida1er a'ld Inrormation Is a cofll)Uter-oosed 
prog-am of carerf information desigled to ~ 
)«I clari~}QJr val~ and occuparlonaI inter'ests. 
For more information, come to Carerf Services 
Center' in HL. room 1058. 
11.4100 ..... - PAL Confer'ences - Don't 
spend more time SW<¥ng than necessaryl 
Sct1edu1e a one-to-one PAL (personal assista'lCe for 
learringl confer'ence to streamline your SWc;,-ing. 
'The confer'ence will deal with )«Ir course 
materials, concerns including reading 
comprehension. memory control. lecture 
notetaking. a'ld test preparation. as well as how to 
ma'lage your time, hande stress. concentrate 

Ilt!t~. and overcome procrastination. Sponsored 
lJy the OASIS Reading and St~ Skills Center in 
USB 4010. 
............ - OASIS Writing Center' offers 
free service br all UCSD students who need pre-
writing ~, confer'ences on drafts. a'ld editi1g 
advice. We engage at"!t' kind of writing problem. 
Confer'ences are lJy appointment ~. Evening 
appointments are I1CNtI also available In OASIS 
Ttird Place at Third College. (For the full range of 
services see biIck of Fall SchedJ leI Call 452·2294 or 
come lJy USB '1010 to make a'l appointment This 
service is available th'oug/1Out the quarter'. 
... JIOO ..... - Get one step aheadofeveryone 
else on the job market Be a'l ASIO Inter'n. 
Internships available in Sa'! Die9:>, eaUfomia. and 
Washington. OC. Stop lJy our office ~ the 
game room In the Student Center or give us a call at 
'152-4689. 
.... 100 ..... - GAAMMAA MOSES HOTUNE 
- A grammar hot~ne phone-in senAce for ~ 
with diction. grammar and punctuation problems. 
To reactl Grammar Moses. call'l52-22841lt!tw1!en 
the hours of 9:00-4:00 ~ ttYougtI Friday. 
Sponsored ~ OASIS Writing Center. SeNice 
available th'oughout the quarter. 
I. ...... pm - Drop-in Hours. For questions 
pertaining to carerf pla'lning. job t-unting. resumt' 
critiquing. etc. ,4,ppointments may also be 
schtO.Jled in the morning ~calUng Carerf Services 
Center at 452·3750. 
MONDAY a WUWUOAY 
llOO-JIOO pM - Speed reading - During this 
mini-coul'5e. }QJ can expect to at least double or 
triple your reading speed and learn how to mange 
~r reading rate to suit your assiglrnents. You will 
learn actille reading tectY1iques and i~ both 
}<>ur concentration and compreheslOl'l. Sponsored 

~ the OASIS Reading a'ld Stuay Skills Center. in 
HL 1205. 

~Y 
- Graduate SchooI/Law/M8."t Advising. 

Planning on a graduate. law or M 8."t degree 

TUl:SDl\Y 
- Graduate SchooI/Law/M8."t Advising. 

PIarvling on a graduate. law or M8."t degr~ 
program alW UCSD? Help with aanissions a'ld 
application questions tcxDf lJy apj)OintlTkllt ono/. 
Call Carerf Services Center' at 452-4939 for more 
detailed Information. In the Student Center Bldg. 
A-
.... 10100 _ - 'The OASIS Grammar and 
Mecha1ics \IfIorkshop is designed for students 
who would /ike to work on darifying basic 
grammatical concepts and categories . and 

~ them in an extensille systematic series of 
practical exerer'dses. This practice is valuable for 
at"!t' students who haYe problems writing the 
CO"l>'ex English sentences demarlded in academic 
writing. An exerdse manual to be purchased ~ the 
student will be used. All work will be CO"l>/eted in 
the context of the worksrop. In USB 402Q1\. 
10.00 pili - INTERVIEWING SKILLS 
WORKSHOP. Do)«l need help In prep¥ing for 
jolJ interviews? Carerf Services Center will provide 
tips on the best ways to present your qualifications 
and what kind of interview questions to expect In 
the ~Ie Formal Lounge. 
I .... I llGO pM -MID-TERMPREP-Bring)«lr 
course ~aI and get organized for midsl You'll 
learn how to app~ the successful SCORE system. 
predict test questions. and review for total 
preparation in at"!t' course. Sponsored lJy the OASIS 
Reading and St~ Skills Center'. In TCH. 141. 
- How to Concentrate At Will- E....er wonderw/¥ 

)«I can't sway When you plan to 7 Lack of 
concentration is one of the most ditlicult a'ld 
persistent problems college students face. This 
workshop identifies the factors that disrupt 
/l!arring. and provides proIIe techniques for 
corrbatting these pro.. 'I/ems Learn how to put out . 
)«Ir maximum ~ When you want tol 
Sponsored lJy the OASIS ReadIng and ~ Skills 
Center. In TCH 141. 

The 
program alW UCSD? Help with aanissions a'ld _,_, 
application questions today ~ appointment on~. 
Call Carerf Services Center at '152-4939 for more 
detailed Information. In the Student Center Bldg. 
A-

- Southwestern Uli'm'sity Sdlool of Law 
recn.iter'. Call Marlyn for appoinment at '152-3750 
in the earerf Services Center, HL 1058. 
1100 pili - ON-CAMPUS INTERVIE\XIING 
ORIENTATION. If you are interested In 
participating In the Career Services Center's on-
catll>Us interviewing program this quarter, it is 
ma'lciatory that you attend one of these 
orientations before )«I interview. In the Revelle 
Formal Lounge. 
,.-.,. ..... - Interested in the Health 
Professions? AcMsing appointments available for 
career plaming and pre-professional school 
preparation. Call Career Services Center' at 452-
'1939 in aava'lce for a'l appointment, but no earlier 
tharl one week. In the Student Center Bldg. A. 
, .... .,. pm - Mock Interview - Seeing a'ld 
heari1g yourself on videotape can ~ put the 
finishing touches on Interviewing skills . 
Prerequisite: Interviewing Skills Workshop. Call 
Career Services Center at 452-3750 to make an 
appointment In HL 1058. 

~~~;~~~ - 'The OASIS French \IfIorksh:>p ;;S; maino/ for students who are writing 
other class assignments In French. 
~iJClfoonn not working on specific papers. but who 

IM>IJld like to ~ their writing abiNty in French. 
are also welcome. 'The Workshop will offer a 
unique opporturity for students to edit their own 
papers. and seek constructive critidsm from their 
peers. It will also provide darification of grammar. 
rnecharlics. a'ld sentertCe and paragraph strutture. 
Pre-writi1g discussions. when necessary, will be 
COI'l<iJaed In French. Swdents '""t attend on 
regular or occasional basis. In USB 4070. 
l ... llOO ..... - 'The larlguage Program Level I 
and II - This OASIS foruses on the ttlnking ski/Is 
)«I need to successful~ handle the reading a'ld 
writing tasks assigned in your courses. It is 
designed for those wro Wa'lt to ~ their 
English I~age skills. LP classes are taught ~ 
reading a'ld writing specialists a'ld bi lingual tutors. 
LP is presented lJy the OASIS Writing Center a'ld 
the OASIS Reading Center' in USB '10608. 
l ....... pm - Interested in Medidne or 
C)en(;stry7 Drop-In advising in open sessions. In the 
Carerf SeNices Center at the Student Center Bldg. 
A. 
11""100 pM - OASIS (Advancedl Academic 
Writing in ~sh is a workshop desigrled for 
swdents taking upper-division classes in Spa'lish. 
Spedal attention is given to grammatical. 
syntactical. a'ld rhetorical elements of the Spanish 
la'lguage. In order to enable students to prepare 
term-papers of tlgh academicca/iber. ln USB 4070. 

7100 pili - Find out whit our inter'nstlps are all 
abOutl AssocIated Students Internship orner 
presents " Internship Information Ni{1lt" on Oct. 9 
in the R-ne COIM1Jter Lounge. Phone 4524689 
for more info. 

- Earn UC credits while sw~ abroad. 
Flna'ldal Ald available. Call 452-3730 for more 
Information. 1"lXl'Unt session on Oct. 17. 7pm In 
the International Center. 
7100-9100 pili - General O)Nmia is giving a 
presentation for at"!t' students inter'e5ted in I\Mng 
a'l Interview with them or wants to know more 
about the co~~. Sponsored tytheC¥~ 
SeNices Cent.er in the Re\IeI~ Formal Lounge. 
.DNISDAY 

- American Graduate School of Irnmatlonal 
Management Recruiter. Call MaIyIn for arl 
appointment at 452-3750. In the Career SeIVices 
Center' in Hl 1058. 
... 10100 _ - 'The OASIS Grammar & 
Medlalics \IfIorlc:shop is designed for swdents 
who would Ike to work on darifying basic 
grammatical concepts and categories. arld 

app~ng them in a'l extensiYe. systematic series of 
practical exer'clses. This practice Is valuable for at"!t' 
students who haYe problems writing the ~ 
English sentences demarlded in academic writing. 
lin exerdse rninJaI to be purchased lJy the student 
will be used. All work wiN be CO"l>1eted in the 
context of the workshop. In USB 30508. 
....11100 _ - Interested In MedicIne or 
Dentistry? Drop-ln advising In open sessions. In the 
Career SeMces Center at Student Center' Bldg. A-
Il.. ... - 0N<AMf'US INTERVlE\XIING 
ORIENTATION. It you are Inter'ested In 
participating In the Carerf SeNices Center's on-
c.1fl1lUs interviewing progam this QUCYter. it is 1011.11111 _ - Interested in the ~alth 
marulatcry that you attend one of these ~7 AIMsing appointments available for 
orientations ~e )«I inteMew. In the "~""I'C'X' career pI¥Y1jng and pre-proressional school 
Formal Lounge. preparation. call Career SeNIces Center at 452-

IllOO-llOO pili - THE QI\SIS SPANISH 
WORKSHOP Is a new feawre of the ~ 
Program. It is designed main~ for students who are 
writing papers Of other class assignments in 
Spanish. SWdents not working on specific. but 
who would like to perfKt their writing ability in 
Spanish are also welcome. The Worlahcp wi. oll'er 
a unique opporturity for students to edt theirC7tM1 
papers. and seek constructllle aitk:ism from their 
peers. It will also provide daritlcatlon of !1arnrn¥, 
mecharllcs. and sentencr and paragri1ph struaure. 
Pre-lM'iting discussions. when necessary. will be 
COI'l<iJtted in Spanish. Students may atterld on 
regular or occasional basis. according to their 
needs. In USB 4070. 
llOCHlOO pili - How to ~ Math and ScJence 
- Spending hours working problems7 ~ a'lXious 
abOut what you know? Learn row to learn 
chemiStry or pre-calculus math through data 
synthesizing Strategies that take t~ iI'Wety. 
boredom, and confusion out ofycu courses. BrIng 
}<>Ur course materials and see your courses In a 
whole new wayl Sponsored lJy the OASIS Reading 
and Stuay Skills Center'. In the Student Center 
Conferener Room bldg. B. 
.,. pIII- PRE-M8."t OREINTAnON. Potential 
business school appIicarlts will want to attend !his 
session iritiating students to the application 
process. In the Student Center North Conference 
Room. 
THURSDAY 

- Graduate SchooI/Law/M8."t Advising. 
Pla'lning on a graduate, law Of M8."t degree 
program after UCSD? Help with actnissions and 
application questions tcxDf lJy appointment on~. 
Call Career ServIces Center at 452-4939 for more 
detailed information. In the Student: Center Bldg. 
A-
.... 10100 _ - THE OASIS GRAMMAR AND 
MECHANICS WORKSHOP Is designed for 
students who IMlUId like to work on darifying 
basic grammatical concepts and categories. a'ld 
app~ them In a'l extensille system.tlc series of 
practical exercises. This practice Is valuable for at"!t' 
students who haYe problems writing the ~lex 
english sentences demanded in academic writing. 
An exerdse manual to be purchased ~ the student 
will be used. All work will be CO"l>1eted in the 
context of the worksh:>p. In USB 30308. 

'1939 in adVa'lce for a'l appointment. but no earlier 
tharl one week. In the Student Center Bldg. A-
1100-1100 ..... - The ~ Progrim Levets I 
& II - This OASIS foa.Ises on the !hinldng skllls)«l 
need to ~ hIrJ(k the reaclng and 
writing tiSks ass/g1ed in your courses. It Is 
designed for those who want to perfect their 
EnglIsh language skills. LP classes are t.1ug1t ty 
reading and writing spedaHsts a'ld lJy bilngual 
1lItors. LP Is presented lJy the O'\SIS WrImg Center 
and the OI'.SIS Reading Center'. In USB 40608. 
h. pili - "MARKETABLE RESlA1E" - Learn 
how to write arl etrectille resu~. Start the process 
here then haYe )«Ir resu~ altlqued lJy a Carerf 
SeMces Center advisor. A must for OI'l-OJIT1)I.Is 
interviewing. In the ReIIeIle Formal Lounge. 
lIJO pili - YOUR SKILLS - YOUR CAREER. This 
carerf services workshop helps )«I 1dentI~ a'ld 

articul~ )«Ir skills and relate them to partiQlIar 
careers. In the ReIIeIle Formal Lounge. 
PlllDAY 
10100 _ - FInding the Hidden .Job Matket. 
80% of all JOO vac.Y1des are u~ Ttis 
Career ServIces \IfIorkshop will tNdl)«l a wwy to 
nnd out about them. In the Re\IeI~ Formal Lounge. 
10.1.11" _ - Interested in the ~alth 
Professions? AIMsing appointments available for 
career plamlng and pre-proresional school 
preparation. Call Career SeMces Center at 452-
'1939 in adVa'lce for a'l appointment, but no earlier 
tha'1 one week. In the Student Center Bulldog A-
llOO pili - ON-CMM'US INTERVIEWING 
ORIENTATION. If you are inter'ested In 
panicipatWlg In the Career SeNices Center's on-
cafIl)Us Interviewing program this quarter'. It is 
ma'ldatoly that you attend one of these 
orientations before )«I interview. In the Revetle 
Formal Lounge. 

Services/Workshops 
MONDAY 
101OO-'llOO pili - Gener'al Therapy Group -
This therapy group Is for UCSO graduate students. 
The focus Is on personal concerns. relationshipS 
a'ld life goals. Time may change if inCOnverllent for 
most sWdents. Drop Ily HL 1003 and leiM a 
schtO.Jle. Leaders: John Andrews arid Lourdes 
Perez. Call '152-3755 to si!1l up. Offered ~ 
Psychological a'ld Counseling Services. 
11 .... 1100 pili - Did you know it was alcohol 
and aug awareness week. Oct 8th - 11th? VIsit 
the tables at Revelle Plaza to learn more today. Oct. 
8th. Drop lJy the Student Health Advoc.iIte·s table 
aand get your free blood pressure done. Learn 
about what liat arld lNidt drugs will raise }<>Ur 
blood pressure. 
n.lDAY 
• ... 10100 _ - Graduate Women In 
HIJITIa'lIties Group - This is a week~ support 
group for graduate women swdents In the 
HUI'M'1ities concerned with penonaI. professional 
arld academic issues. MJriam losupovici and Sa'laa 

Wllder~illa. leaders. Meets at 1003 H-L Call 
452-3755 to sign up. ~ed ~Psychologicala'ld 
Counseling ServIces. 
I z.oo.llOO pili - SEX! SEXI SEX! You hear about 
it all of the time. But 00 you realo/ know the FACTS 
about birth COI'1UOI? Come leam the truth at the 
birth control information session in a O)I'1/Id!ntIaI 
a'ld informal setting. L.pstairs at the Student 
Health Center. 
z.oo. .... pili - Gay,lBisecual Men's Group -
ThIs is a'l on-goIng cnnIIdentIaI support group for 
undergraduate men questioning their secuallty. as 
weIIas trose who identI~ as gorj,lblsecual. Meets 

~ th'Oughout the year. Led ~ S~ Brady. 
Meecs 1003 H-L Students can call 452-3755 br 
more info. or they Ca'l just rome to the group. 
MDNISDAY 
... 10 .. _ - St¥Iess Group - Does 
_iety r:Ner certain sodal situations cause)«l to 
avoid other's or behaIIe sty0/7 If so. come and meet . 
other students with similar concerns and learn 
new ways to behaIIe. Led lJy Steve Brady a'ld 
Undswy Stroben. Meets in 1003 H-t..; o~ ~ the 
Psychological a'ld Cou nseling SeMces. SWdents 
can cail 452-3755 for more Information. 
IlIOO ..... - Dr. Neil Malarnuth of UCLA will 
discuss Pornography and Violence against 
\IfIomen. Part of the Rape PrM!l'ltion arld 
Education Program Series. In the North 
Conference Room. 
12100-1100 pili - The thought of a'l unpla'lned 
pregnancy getting }<>U doIM17 Learn to be safe. 
not sorry. at the birth control information session. 
It's relaxed. plain-spoken. and total~ confidential. 
Radical knowledgel 4'Stairs at the Student Health 
Center. 
ZIOO-JIJO pili - Gay/Bisexual Men's Group -
This Is a'l on-going confidential support group for 
undergraduate men questioning their sexuality, as 
wellas trose who identi~ as ~(bIsecual. Meets 

week~ ttToughout the year. Led ~ Steve Brady. 
Meecs 1003 H-L Students cal call 452-3755 for 
more info. or they Ca'l just rome to the group. 

Organizational Meetings 
MONDAY 
ZlGO 4.00 pm - Act now ... Don·t be /eft outl 
Want to lIOIunterf to ~ swdents with health 
concerns 7 Become a Student Health I'tdIIrJaU 
(SHI'II. Join us at the IIrst training class at Student 
Health SeMa second floor. in the Training Room. 
Ttis week Is your last week to beCOme a certified 
SHA-blrth control. OUestions?77 Call 452-2419, 
and ask for Chris. 
....... - UCSD Pre-~ AIMsor will speak 
at the Pre-Dental Club MeetIng. Come lind out 
abOut M!I'ItS planned - indudlng the Denture 
MakIng Course otrered here lJy a LJCSD Dental 
School instruaor. In the Re\IeI~ Informal Lounge. 
........ pili - Certilled SHA·s. gener'al health. 
don't forget your ftrst irlservIcr todwy. Those who 
missed the retrairing or couldn't be contacted 
earlier' !his quarter'. please join us. We meet in thl! 
Training Room. second IIoor, Student Health 
SeNier. 
6100 ..... - Re<ycling Coop Meeting a'ld dinner. 
Come join usll We need neN members. prqjects. 
and Ideas. At the Chi! Cafe . 

~Y 
l .... 100 pili - Act now ... Don·t be left out! 
Want to 'oQ/unterf to help swdents with heMh 
concems7 ~me a Student Health MtIocIa 
(SH.'\j . .Join us at the first training class at Student 

~aIth Servier, second floor. Tral~ Room lh/s 
week is )«Ir last chance to beCOme a certllIed 
SHA-Generll ~11th. Ouestions777 call 452-2419. 
Ask for DaIym. 
•• 11 pili - SI\M. First general meeting. We 
welcome alllI Membership arld calendar of tNents 
will be discussed. Please join us. In the North 
Confer'ence Room. 

ntURSDAY 
' ... 2.11 ..... - General Group Therapy - This 
CtHJO/ng group is open to all UCSD students. 
graduate Of undergraduate. The focus will be on 
both personal a'ld interper'SOnat concems. Offered 
lJy Steve Br~ and Connie Brurig. Meets at HL 
1003. Call 452-3755 to sJgn up. 
........ pili-Campus Black Forum - This isa 
weeI<Iy. informal diSQJuIon group on the Issues • 
concerns. and the quality of life of the Black 
commJnIty at tXSO. ThIs Is arl on-going !1OUP-
a'ld students can join at at"!t' time. Call1eadtr PhIl 
Raphael at 452-3035 If)«l ~ at"!t' questions; 
otherwise. students Ca'l just wm up at the group. 
Meets In the Mt. "'~ Lounge at Third College. 
orfer"ed lJy f'¥hoIogicai a'ld Counseling Setvtces. 
.!=c - Informallealxe with debate speaker' 

Prof. Robert S. Edelma'l. History 
0I!partment Lecue title: Ufe In the ~ Ullon. 
Nate: Prot. Edelman has spent a year in the USSR. 
Ei.e1t followed with free refreshments. In the 
InterNtioNl Cen~ Lounge. 
PlllDAY 
121'.2100 .... - ~"'g from Eating 
Oisofdefs I (RFO II - This Is a group for women 
with eating disorders. Part/dparlts moYe toward 
rea:NefY ttYoug1 a prot;I'im of !1aclJal stages. 
Students who are obsessed with weiltlt control. 
who ~ ~binge. fast. or vomit. will lind 
a UHII.iOIl !1OUncI of support and c.lng In tt1is 
!1OUP. Focus will be on elininatlng the ~ 
bI!haIIor while also worIdng to UflCi!rmnd the 
relationship of fI!eIIngs In ttis painful ~. Two 
groups are being oI'Iered. 7he one led ty Bell HaQu 
aI'ld Denise 2Itm1efman wiN meet on Frid¥ at 
noon (bnng a big lunchl. and a second time on 
Tuesdays. ~IO im. 7he other. led lJy Min.n 
/ostJp<Md a'ld I.Jndsey StroDen. will meet on 
Wect1esdays from 12:»2:00 pm. begiI.illg ' 
Clttober 17. At the warren College f'roIIost's 
0fIIce. Call 452-3987 to Check abOut the group. 
JIOO 4100 ..... - Alrohol and SUbstaner Abuse 
- For students who want ~ in dealing with a'l 
a/cohol or aug use problem. f"l>l'tasis will be on 
understMldIng the CDIIl)Iexity ot the problem. 
identifying options. making a commitment to 
change. and following ttYougtI. Homework 
assi!1lments and group norms will be established 
as part of the groyp's a'ld lndivk1Ia/'s progran. 
Before joining the group, interested students are 
asked to cail 8ecca at 452-3755 to make a short 
appointment with one of our counselors to see if 
the group will meet their needs. Led lJy Dan 
Murioz. f'¥hoIogicai and Counseling SeNices. 
Meets at the ~'Ie f'rOIIOst's Office. 

..... DAY 7...... pm - Inter'-Varsity Christian 
FeUowsHp. Come join us for singing. fellowstlp. 
and getting to know one aI'lOther and God better. 
Don't miss outll In the Chancellor's COfI1lIex iliA. 
1HURID~Y 
........ - 7he first SodoIo0' Club meeting of 
1984 Is taking place in /-ISS 3009, '1:00 pm. All 
majors, minors and others interested are welcome . 
Come join in and Get I~I 

- ,... rap session and social hour for all tXSD 
women. Different topics a'ld Issues will be 
diSOJssed. Get filled in on what·s going on at the 
Women's Resourer Center. 
.100 pili - Black Student lilion general bc>dy 
meeting. Come a'ld see what the BSU can do for 
~. Guest speakers on Academic excellener will 
be present. All are welmme. In Hl 1148. 
7100 pIII .- SUrf Club/Team meeting dlanged to 
Ttllrsday 7 pm. All interested surfer's. begi. tel' to 
slYedder. come with IdNs a'ld input on how to 
create I blazing dub. Future contest dates. parties. 
fund raisers. a'ld UCSO Open will be discussed. In 
Extension Room 142. 

~Y 
... ..... - Free u.nesl We play now - role 
playing games ~ Friday. Looking foryou. lfyou 
~ I giIITIe)«l wish to play, bring It or just bring 
)«IrseIf. Large Selection at /\PM 2113 Fridays at 
6:30. 

Religious 
MONDAY4IIIDAY 
.... pili - eathoIic Mass. Sponsored ~ the 
Catholic COlTllTl.lnity at UCSO. In the Ulillersity 
Luthera'l C~rch. La..JolIa Shores and N. Torrey 
PInes Rd. 
MONDAY 
7....... ..... - Asiar1 Americar1 OYIstia'l 
Fellowship IMCFI - We i~lte)«l to Fellowship 
VlAth us tonight. as VIctor wiN speak on the topic: 
"Gifts to Gille." In the North Confer'ence Room at 
the Student Center. 
'TUGMY 
7 ....... - Tuesday Night DisCussions: "Religion 
a'ld Politics. a mix or a mess." Come a'ld join us for 
a'l informal discussion in the Catholic Lounge at 
the Ulhlersity Lutherarl C~rch. 
w.DNISDAY 
.100 ..... - Lutheran swdents rost supper. 
followed ~ bible sw~, open to all. In the Lounge 
of Uli'm'sity Luthera'l Church. just west of Urey 
Hall. 
6145 ..... - Bible stuay on the Book of Acts 
begns, sponsored ~ the Luthera'l Comrrurity at 
UCSO. EveIplt' is welcome. In the Lounge of 

Ul~lty Lutheran Church. across the street from 
Revelle ColI~. 
7 •• pM - For ChristlarlS. a series of weeko/ 
seminars " Answering Ouestions about 
C/Yistlar11ty." Taught ~ Bob SIegel of Sojourners 
Chrlstiarl Fellowship. In the North Conference of 
the Student Center' bldg B. 
.100 pM - "OUr Humart Predicament" is the 
topiC of a'l Inquirers Seminar. led lJy I..utheran 
Ca/TllUS Pastor Jom Huber." Welcome. In the 
Lounge of Ulillersity Luthera'l Church at La Jolla 
Shores Dr. and North Torrey PInes ReI. 
10100 ..... - Carldlellght Mass. Sponsored ~ the 
Catholic Community at tXSO. In the chapel of the 

Ul~1ty Lutherarl C~rch. 
TUlSDAY a ntUMDAY 
.......... - All LOS Students: Institute dasses are 
being held twice weekly In P&L 2342. For rrore 
Info call ~ at 454-2006. 

Monday. OCI. 8, 1984 19 

1HII1RSD~Y 
7I»9lOO .... - Ulited C1f1l>us MInistry - Bible 
SW~ "Practical Witness Everyday Faith." UCM Is 
the campus ministry of the Pres~erlan. 
Methodist. UCC. a'ld Disciples of Christ ALL ARE 

~LCOME. Retrestments to follow. Stu~ leader 
is Rev. Bob Wagener'. t.x::M Campus Minister'. In 
the South Confer'ence Room, Building B at the 
Student Center. 
IIOOpIII - Bible Study: The bible is not a textbook 
for behavior. not a resource for predicting the 
future. The bible makes extens~ use of r¥h. Then 
Wlat good is 1t7 Come arld discover the CathoUc 
view of the bible. Sponsored ~ the ·Catholic 
SWdent Coodinators. in the Catrolic Lounge at the 

Ul~1ty Luthera'l Church. 
SAlURDAY 
1111 _ - Cars Ie_ from Ulivenity Lutheran 
Church for a T]juana Expe<ition which indudes the 
Mexican CulWra/ C~er, a tour of Tljuana. The 
Lutheran mission and lunch. For ~/S. call 453-
0561. Admission is sa. 
SlOG pili - Catholic Mass. Sponsored lJy the 
Catholic Community at UCSD. In the U1iversity 
Lutheran C~rch. 
SUNDAY 
.. "II all. _ - Episcopal Church 
Worstlp SeNier: SUndwy Eucharist and Parish 
feli0w5hip. In the Good Sarnaritar1 EpisaJpaI 
Church. at 4321 Eastgate Mal~ aaoss Genesee 
from the east end of carIllUS. north of La Jolla 
VIllage Dr. At the Intersection of Eastgate Mall arid 
Genesee. 
ItJO _ - Catholic Mass. Sj)9nsored ty the 
Catholic Community at t.x::SD. In the LhlYersity 
Luthera'l C~rch Chapel. at the rorrter of North 
Torrey PInes and La Jolla Shores. 
10100 _ - L.utheriIn worship service with 
senron on the Book of Acts. In the U1lYersity 
Luthera'l Church. across from Revelle College. 
'OlIO _ - Catholic Mass. Sponsored lJy the 
Catholic Community at UCSO. In the Student 
Center Bldg B. lDwer leYeI Confererlce Room. 
'hll _ - "Ca'l Christian Faith Survive in a 
Ted'll toIogIcaI WOrld?" Faculty feedback speaker' Is 
Dr. Elden Wt1ppIe. research p~dst at UCSO and 
Assoclar Director of the Center for Astr~ics 
and Space Science. In the lounge ot the U1IYersity 
Luthera'l Church. 
... .... - CatroIic MIss. Sponsored ~ the 
cattoIic Comrrunity at t.x::SO. In the LhlYersity 
Lutherarl OlIrch. 
all ..... - Episa)paI Church Worstip Service: 
Folk Mass. In the Good Sarnaritar1 Episoopal 
OI.Irch. 4321 Eastgate Mall. 



. , ,.-

# 

Tritons pull a Padre 

UCSD sweeps the field 
in Triton Tournament 
By JEFF SAVAGE. Sports Editor 

At. 8:30 am, the UCSD men's water polo team 
jumped into the Canyonview pool [0 lOosen up for the 
first of its three games in Sarurday's Triton 
Tournament. Nine hours and 50 goals later, the Tritons 
climbed out of the pool for the last time. UCSD won all 
three contests and essentially (although unofficially) 
captured the tournament. 

"Because we didn't play all four other teams, there 
was no official champion," said UCSO coach Denny 
Harper. "But for all intents and purposes, we were the 
champions." 

Although the Tritons may not be allowed to place 
another championship trophy In their already well-
stqcked case, the satisfac[lon of pulling a Padre 
(sweeping three games) had to be pleasure enough. 

It started in a most difficult manner. 
The Tritons swam against Claremont-Mudd for the 

third iime this season w!.W UCSD still searching for its 
first win against the Stags.· Last week in Claremont, 
Harper's squad dropped a 12-11 deciSIOn in the Stags' 
below-standard-size pool. Two days later, the twO 
teams battled to a 4-4 tie at the Nor Cal Tournament 
in Berkeley. Despite those results, UCSO was ranked 
14th in the nation jumping in and Claremont-Mudd 
20th . The rankings proved appropriate. 

The Tritons were already at a disadvantage before 
the opening sprint for possession, as starter Joe Wade 
had to sit OUt with some patchwork having been done 
to his face just two days earlier. UCSO's]V squad was 
leading Mesa Community College by a dozen goals 
with just seconds left on Thursday when Wade (who 
was JUSt geaing some playing time in) was punched in 
the face by a Mesa player. "I have to believe it was 
totally out of frustration ," said a disgruntled Harper. "It 
was a very unmtelligent thing to do." The 
unintelligence of the Mesa player resulted in a hole in 
Wade's cheek that required five stitches to patch. He 
can return to action later thIS week. 

Harper replaced Wade with his twm brother Greg 
Wade for more reasons than abiliry. "The two of them 
look so much alike that some of us have a difficult 
time tellmg them apart," said Harper. "I had Greg play 
in Joe's SpOt because I thought it would be less 

traumatic for the other starters." 
After falling behind 1-0 and 2-1 early, the Tritons 

tied the score at two and then passed the Stags early 
in the second period on a goal by freshman Tom 
Schatz. UCSD would not trail again. 

The Tritons clung to a one-point lead at 8-7 when, 
with just over four minutes to play, Claremont rifled a 
bullet past goalie Duncan Millar to knot the score once 
more. "Ouncan knows better than anybody that he did 
not playa good game," commented Harper. 

But UCSD came right back to take the lead for good 
on the strength of Ray Haywood's right arm. Haywood 
drilled the ball past Stag goalie Tim McNaughton for 
what turned out to be the game-winner. Tom Moore 
capped a brilliant performance with his fifth goal of 
the momin~ to close out the scoring at 10-8. 

Much of UCSO's success came as a result of a 
successful chunk of work turned in on the "man-up 
situations," whIch come about when a player commits 
a foul and has to leave the pool for a deSignated -
period of time, leaving that team with one less player 
(similar to a power play in hockey). The Tritons 
convened on all seven of their man-ups-far better 
than their season average of less than 40%. 

The Tritons had a rather easy time of it in their last 
two games, blowing away UC Riverside 25-5 before 
defeating Occidental 15-3. 

Against Riverside, UCSD took a 10-3 halftime lead 
which was cozy enough for Harper to swim the bench 
the entire second half. Harper acknowledged that his 
bench is capable of spelling the regulars without much 
of a drop in talent, but felt that they needed to make 
more of a contribution to the team. In just a half of a 
game, the bench made plenty of contributions-IS to 
be exact-as UCSD laughed Riverside back home. 
Harper commended the play of Jeff Smith and Tim 
Raney off the bench . 

Against OCCidental, Dana Greissen scored three 
goals in the opening period to give UCSD a 5-0 lead 
and end the affair early. Greissen ended with five goals 
In the game and UCSD with three wins on the day. 

> CONTINUED ON PAGE 21 > 

Tnton goalie Duncall Millar bears down on a bullet to the posts III UCSD's 25-5 win over UC Riverside. 

Tom Knuchton contributed 10 UCSD's second half explosion. 

~ 
"3 
~------------------------------------~ ~ 
Raj Haywood scored the wlnnll1g goal in UCSD 's 10-8 win. 

Monday, OCI B, 19B4 21 

Physically speaking, it's Greissen 
Sweep By CHRISTINA KAUS 

A s A FRESHMAN, Dana Greissen saw very little action on the 1981 UCSD men's water polo team. "I 
was shonher and skinnier back then ," 
said Greissen. "I was also playing in the 
wrong position [driverJ." Now, as a 
senior, Greissen has become one of the 
top players on the team, having 
converted to hole-setter after gaining 30 
pounds and a couple of inches in 
height. Along the way he accumulated 
twO Most Improved Player awards (in 
his freshman and sophomore years) and 
one Most Valuable Player award (shared 
with Bill Kazmierowicz). 

Greissen credits his improvement to 
coach Denny Harper. "He put a lot of 
time into me. He would yell at me, jump 
on my case, and sometimes I would 
wonder if I really wanted to play," said 
Greissen. Even with the strides he has 
made in the last three years, Greissen 
believes he's not fast enough. "My drive 
isn't strong enough. I'm just no Bill 
Kazmierowicz. " 

There are many different styles of 
hole-setting. Greissen is a patient player 
and likes to control the offense, He 
switched to hole-setter from driver at 
the end of his sophomore year, and 
feels his present pOSition is a much 
more physical one. "Being in the hole, I 
take a lot of fouls. I've been hit in the 
eye and have needed stitches." That's 
not an uncommon fate in water polo, a 
very physical sport in which facial 
lacerations occur since the face is the 
only target above the water. 

Right now, Greissen is the Tritons' 
primary hole-setter, although 
Kazmierowicz sometimes substitutes. 

Being a staner takes a large chunk of 
Greissen's time. He chose to come to 
UCSO from EI Camino High School in 
Sacramento because of the water polo 
and the academics. The bio-engineering 
major has had no problem with 
eligibility; in fact, he studies more 
during the season because of the 
discipline inherent in the spon. 
Greissen expects to graduate in 1986. 

After graduation, Greissen's plans are 

open. "111 try to get a job as a bio-
engineer. I might try coaching for 
awhile, although I doubt I'll do it for a 
living. I really don't know." 

It is the immediate future which now 
concerns Greissen. The Tritons have an 
important game coming up against UC 
Berkeley. "Cal is a very, very physical 
team. We got pummeled last time. Plus, 
the referees were pro-Berkeley," said 
Greissen. "['d like to see this game kept 
respectable. It could be a huge upset for 

PILOT PREC~E 
ROLUt\JG. PALL PENS. 
tVN WE GIVE YOU 

A CHOICE. 

If you love fine writing, now 
you can choose between two 
Precise Rolling Ball pens that 
write so fine yet flow so 
smoothly you'll wonder how 
we mode it possible, 

And it's only The Precise 
that allows you to write so 
beautifully in either fine 
point or extra fine point. 

The price? It's even 
finer_ Only $1.19 each. 

PILOT PRECISE RCllING BAll PENS. 
2 OF THE FINER THlt-GS IN LIFE. 

[PILOT] (2[~a9iSe 

us. (The game begins at 3:15 pm Friday 
at Canyonview.) 

Over all, Greissen has never regretted 
the long hours of swim sets, swim drills 
and intense conditioning. "I love it I 
was kind of hoping we could go to 
Nationals this year for sure, but it's a 
little uncertain right now. We should-get 
another high national ranking." 

Having Dana Greissen on the team 
shouldn't hun the Tritons' chances in 
any way. ~ 

< CONTINUED FROM PAGE 20 < 
Coming up for UCSO is a game 

considered by most to be far more 
important than Saturday'S three wins 
combined, as the Tritons host defending 
national champion Cal Friday at 3 pm 
at Canyonview. UCSO played the third-
ranked Bears earlier this season, and the 
Tritons came out on the short end of a 
13-4 final. "It's verY dIfficult to get 
things done on offense against them," 
said Harper. 'They're big. rhey're strong, 
and on paper we'., .. IS much of an 
underdog to them a5 Oc.idenr'll was to 
us." 

Despite Harper's Cl'mmem, water polo 
enthusiasts should show tlp at 
Canyonview JUSt the same considering 
the team's proclivity for ' .etl 19 
energized for the big hOI ,,. :: --c Last 
year against top-notch Stadford , for 
example, the Tritons battled to a 1-1 tie 
at the half before stumbling to a 9-3 
loss. 

"Having Cal come here to play us 
would be like Georgetown coming to 
Triton Pavilion to play (UCSO basketball 
coach) Tom Marshall's gang," said 
Harper. "To have the opportunity to 
play the defending national champion 
in your own backyard is something 
speciaI." 

And with a special effort, UCSD can 
make it a truly special day. ~ 

The Guardian 
congratulates 
San Diego 

Padres 
- Take that, Chicago! 

MORE THAN A COMICS STORE!!! 
• Fantasy & role-playing games 
• Fantasy miniatures 
• Japanese models & toys 

The Comic Gallery 
4224 Balboa Ave., Son Diego, CA 92117 

(corner of Balboa & Oairemont Dr.) 
- Next to Food Basket -

(619) 483-4853 
Copyroghl , 1984 Marvel ComICs Group All roghls reserved 
SPIDER-MAN ,. and < 1984 MONel Com"" Group 



, ..... 

22 Monday, OCI. 8, 1984 

Desperate Tritons regain 
momentum with sweep 

Molly Wheatley prepares to spa ,lk some sense into Biola University Saturday nigh/. 

By SEAN LIBBERTON 
You could say that Doug Dannevik 

had his work cut out for him. 
Dannevik and his UCSD women's 

volleyball team were in desperate need 
of regaining the momentum which 
helped them capture seven consecutive 
early-season victories. Friday's win over 
an over-matched team (rom Azusa 
Pacific was a step in the right direction, 
but the real test came Saturday night 
against tough Biola University, led by 
Division I standout Becky Miller. 

The thought of going up against both 
Biola and the San Diego Padres-Chicago 
Cubs National League playoff game 
(which left the UCSD gym less than a 
quarter full of "laid-back" but supportive 
fans) must have indeed been 
disheartening. ·We were confident, but I 
knew coming into tonight we'd be in for 
a battle ," claimed Dannevik, obviously 
accustomed to the pressures of Heisting 
a championship-caliber team year after 
year. "We hadn't had a team effort in a 

ACAPULCO 
HAS COME TO 

CLAIREMONT MESA 

long time, and we needed one tonight." 
Fortunately, the Tritons put together 

one of their finest performances of the 
season in stopping Biola in four games, 
16-14 , 15-10,9-15 and 15-8. Dannevik 
was ecstatic. 

"Everybody played great tonight. The 
hitling and blocking was great, and the 
setting has really improved. Carol 
Lipson and Christy Wada both played ' 
really well." 

To be sure, while most obselVers have 
noted the outstanding contributions of 
seniors Karin Kalk, Kristin Kilbourn and 
Molly Wheatley, the development of 

] 

1 
l<. 

~ 
£ 

~ Acapulco Mexican Restaurants 
prides itself on serving the finest 
selection of authentic Mexican 

~--------"------...!~ 

food available anywhere. 
Acapulco is known for its 
warm, relaxed family 
atmosphere, delicious food, 
and truly reasonable prices. 
During our Gfand Opening, win a $1400 Acapulco 

Mexican Vacation. October 1 thru October 14, 
~:::-.a. you have a chance to win a 5 day vacation 

. for 2 to Acapulco, Mexico, The prize in-
\ eludes roundtrip airfare and hotel accom-

modations. Pick up your Acapulco 
Passport at the new Acapulco Mexican 
Restaurant in Clairemont Mesa, Your 
Acapulco Passport also has valuable 

coupons, redeemable for great 
savings after our Grand 
Opening celebration. 
So come in to 

Acapulco during our Grand Opening 
celebration. Now that Acapulco has come 
to Clairemont Mesa, we think it's only fair ~ 
that you come to Acapulco. 

Mexican Restaurant & cantina 
Clairemont Mesa' 4060 Clairemont Blvd. (In Clai remont Square) . 483-9222 

Available only al above Io<alion. Grand Opening celtbra lion Oclober I Ihru October 14 . 1984 . Enu)' blanks available wilhoul 
purchase al rrstauranl location. or by mail cnlry forms available by Willing 10 Acapulco Sw."pSiakes. P. O. Box 70249. Pasadena. 
CA 91 107 See rniry blank for conleSI rule nip draWing 10 be held on O<'lober IS. 1984 al H)O p m 

c 1'184 LAR 

Karin Kalil poses a rather /aLl problem to Biola. 
younger players such as freshman 
Lipson and junior Wada has also been a 
key to the Tritons' successful 1984 
campaign. UCSD is now 12-7 on the 
season and well poised for next month's 
Division m championships. 

Although the Tritons dominated 
almost all facets of Saturday night'S 
game, Biola , without the benefit of a 
single senior starter, played extremely 
tough. UCSD fell behind early, trailing 
10-6 in the firsl game, before coming 
back to win it, 16-14. Game twO was 
Similarly close throughout until Kilbourn 
and Kalk got going with the score tied 
at nine . The result: five unanswered 
points and an eventual 15-10 Triton 
victory. 

UCSD again led 6-5 in the third game 
before Biola put together a scoring spree 
of its own. The visitors rattled off seven 
consecutive points and never looked 
back en roule to a 15-9 win. 

"There's no question that we let down 
in that third game," explained 
Dannevik. "Afterwards, I told the girls 
that they knew what they had to do, 
and they went out and did it." 

The Tritons consequently jumped out 
to an 8-0 advantage in the fourth game, 
and went on to win handily, 15-8. The 
win was only UCSD's fifth in its laSt 11 
matches, but Dannevik believes that this 
year's team might compare to his 
championship 1981 squad. 

"We're still a developing tum. We've 
gOt two young setters and a lot of new 
players who have really improved over 
the course of the season. La Verne 
(which beat the Tritons last week and is 
currently ranked number one in 
Division Ill) might be bener now, but by 
November, when the Regionals begin , 
we'll be bener." 

With a Winning armude like that, it's 
ea y to see that Oannevik and hIS girls 
have a lot of hard work ahead or 
them. ~ 

!PADREMO 
Wow!! The Padres 'wild 

weekend series with the 
Chicago Cubs was the 
most exciting action that 
San Diego sports fans have 
enjoyed in the last 20 
years, Wow!! 

e The once-great columnist Mike Royko wrote some pretty crap about San 
Diego's "laid -back fans". He said that people in San Diego really don 't care a 
whole lot about baseball. Mike . .. gag us with a spoon! 
e Even if the Padres had lost, it could have been worse for us. We could be 
livi ng in Chicago! 
e Most of the Cub fans boarded planes and headed back to Chicago last night. 
Those of you still here should get your galoshes and go home. It will be 
snowi ng soon . 
elf this is America's Finest City and baseball is America's favorite pastime, 
then the Padres must be America's team. Goodbye to the Cowboys! 

The highlights ... 
Thursday-

Whitson's five-hit, one-run performance (with a ninth-inning egg from the 
Goose) to KO the Cubs for the first time . 

Templeton 's two-run double to cap the Pads' first rally of the series. 
Saturday-

Garvey capping a 4-for-5 performance with the "shot heard 'round th e 
globe" in the bottom of the ninth to fo rce a fifth game. 
Sunday-

Dick Williams getting Eric Show the hell off the mound before the Cubs got 
too far out of reach! 

Flannery's grounder through the legs of Durham to open the door for San 
Diego's series-ending four-run rally in the seventh. We love Leon! 

The Guardian and now the Padres! Two champions in one City! How 
much more can the stand?! 

UCSD University Events OffIce presents 

Monday, Oct, 8, 198+ 13 

CUBIC 
Professional Placement Department 
9333 Balboa Avenue, San DIego, CA 92123 

BUD LIGHT 
BEER 

·UCSD AtHLEiE OF THE MONTH 

GlEGSOIWMZ 
SophomoN/FoIwId 

MEM'SSOCaR 

Photo by RIch Pecjak 

If the first half of the curmt UCSD socar seascn is lJnI indication, the ~ 
sports hex commor!lv rt:farut to as the "scphoma~ jiroc" will claim novictim in the 
person of sophcrncn TriIDn fcrw«d eng Sd'tNIn. 
Me leading UCSD in scoring as II frahman in 1983 wilt! 15 9Q8Isand tIYee assists, 

the Rolling Hills r:tQCi.K:t his Si£t his ~ on surpassing these \eYeIs. Ttrou~ the 
Triton's first nine m«ches, the 57', 160 pounder his ~orded seven goals and two 
assists as Coach OaatArlllSlralS'schar9a'S~ posted eightwins.nst one lone 
setback. As II re;ult, UCSO his been tabbed as the F", WfSt'S rumba' one: te.YTl in 
Division III. 
"eng's leedership qualitiei are just as valuable to 011 tMTl as his scoring taIern 

"'r," Sllid Armstrong. "10k was OIII~ing scxnr II yur ago and it looks as if he's II 
stronger pia'fer this yrM." 

Those leaderShip qualities and the ability to san the key goal were no more 
evident than in this yrM's C~~lIIort-Mudd cortest In one of the season's more 
important games, Schwarz tallied the giITle'S lone goal as the Tritons posted 111-0 
shutout victay om the Stag's, ttlJs gaining II measure of ~ for last Yf!!!I's 2-Q 
loss to the StagS in the opening round of the 0iYisi0n 11\ \le!IiOnaI pllI)'Offs. 

FOI' the Triton soccer fans, the best is yet to come, as SctlwcYZ his two and II half 
years left at UCSD to displil')' his many talents on the pl.Yying field. 



24 Monday, Dc/ 8, 1984 

Claslfted advertising SfNtce Is sold In 
10o-character Increments. Each 
1eUer, p&M1CIUadon mark and splice 
between words Is considered a 
character, with capital letters 
counting as two charaaen. The rate 
Is 51 per 100 characten for S1Udena 
and 53 per 100 charaaen for non-
students. You must come by the offtce 
or mall In ~r ad, as we require 

~ In advance of publlCIItIon. 
Deadlines are 5 pm Tuesday for 
Thunday's paper, 5 pm Friday for 
Monday's paper. For more 
Information call 452-3466. The 
Guardian, UCSO, 8-016, La Jolla, CA 
92093. 

PADRESlII World Seriesl TIckets availablel 
Call.Jeffl 458-99991 Lve messagel/10/8)I 
S360 'Neekly/up mailing circulars I No 
bosses/quotasl Sincerely interest~. r~sh 
self-addressed envelope : DIVISion 
Headquarters, Box 464CFW, 
Woodstock, IL 60098. /10/22) 
Daughters of lesbian mothers needed 
for study. 011y small amount of your 
time needed. Please help I Call Julie 
Schwartz 459-2100. /10/18) 
Insurance Warl We'll beat any price or 
we don't want your business. Tickets, 
accidents, sports cars , good 
driver/student discounts: all welcome. 
Call 286-1135. Request UCSD Plan. 
/11/29) 
ISRAELI FOOD: talk with students who 
have been to Israel or just come to eat. 
Monday the 8th, 6:30 Revelle Informal 
Lounge. /10/8) 
Informal Rush'" Any interested \NOmen 
please call 457-5535 or see Deoorah in 
the sorority office. /10/11) 
Entrepreneurs: If you are a student 
entrepreneur or know one, contaa Van 
at 481-3213. SI for valid leads. /10/8) 
Wanted: Students w ith a vision. Call 
Krista 452-5038. /10/ 8) 
Only 11 more days to apply for an ASia 
internship for w inter quarter. Call 452-
4689 for more infol/IO/8) 
ASIO Inters hip info night. Tues., 10/9 at 
7 pm. Revelle Commuter lounge, Blake 
Hall. /10/8) 
Professor Edelman discusses "The Ufe in 
the Soviet Union" from his own 
experience. Admission and refreshments 
are free., Thursday, 7:30 pm at the 
International Center Lounge. /TO/B) 
Great chance to find out about "Ufe in 

the Soviet Union" and to enjoy free 
refreshments at the International Center 
this Thursday at 7:30 pm. Professor 
Edelman is the guest leaurer. /10/8) 
Plan on having fun this quarter? Come 
join the Sailing Club. Meeting 6 pm on 
Mon. 10/8/84 in APM 2202. /10/8) 
Male and female spaces available in on 
campus dorms and some apts. Call 452-
4011 or come to the Housing Ofe. 206 
AC. /10/11) 
Menstrual distress7 Abdominal pain, 
cramps, nausea, headaches, etc. 
Partidpants are needed for a study 
conduaed by Planned Parenthood. 231-
6760/481-6181. /10/18) 
lhe Sociology Club is havi.ng its . first 
recruitment meetingl All maJOrs. moors 
interested vvelcome. ll'lJrs. Oct. 11 HSS 
3009. Get involvedll (10/11) 
Revelle Casino Night is Friday at 8 pm. 
Come to the Revelle Cafe and challenge 
a prof at your best game. /10/8) 

N&glll8~alll 
7B Ford Must. AM/FM casso 68.000 
miles. Good condo S2. 700 000. Caroline 
457-3074 or 459-9541. (10/8) 
1974 Ford Pinto Wagon. Auto. I1e\N 
brakes, steel radials. shocks. custom 
wf1eeIs. radio. roof rack. SIOOO. 45+ 
2089. /10/111 
Windsurfer for sale. Regular and high 
wind daggerboards. wooden boom. 
call Erik 481-0271. S2SO/offer. (10/8) 
'66 Ford L TD-runs excellent. very 
clean. good MPG. great transporta-
tion-$800. 45~0146 Martin. (10/18) 
'69 Fiat 124 conv .• 500 miles on engine. 
nevv paint exc. interior. good top. 
S1450. Call Mike 274-3308 after 5:30. 
/10/11) 
1980 Honda CM200T. electric start. 
trunk. new battery. Helmet and gloves 
included. Great commuter bike. freeway 
lega/. S700. 455-0616. /10/11) 
Apple " plus. 64K, 2 disk drives. green 
screen. $850. Ross 271-9216 eves. /10/8) 
Canon FT6 camera with 50mm lens: 
SI00. Also other lenses and accessories 
available. 271-8201. /10/8) 

~m61111111 
Schedulers vvorking in Sorrento Valley 

Student Premium- $53.00 
Spouse-S66.25 
Children-$66.25 
~----- per quarter-

ENROLLING NOW until Oct. 14th 
--- Inforrr')tion end applications cre available at ---

Student Health Center. Q-039 • 452· 3300 
PI.ase note: !\evised descriptive brochures ore ovoiloble o t 
the Student Health Center. The new brochures reploce any prior 
brochures describing the 1984·1 985 UCSD Student Insurance , 
Pion underwrirren by Atlonto International Insurance Company 
under Policy No. AH01965. Any brochure thot does nor have 
the nototion REV.MO.ED.9/84 AH01965 IS no longer In effect. 

for a nationwide mobile health 
scree1ing company. Good commlllk:a-
tion and phone skills required. Must be 
dependable. Flexible hours and excellent 
union benefits. call ..John Cole. 275-
0753. (10/11) 
Wet Suit: \XliII purchase medium men's 
wet suit Need for scuba dMng. Call 
695-86 70 during evenings. (10/8) 
Wanted: Spring surf ~it--slze M or 
L 457-2966. (10/8) 
Competitive four person sand wl~II 
teams. First arYlUal SAE & Sideout 
toumament on Muir Courts Oct. 12th. 
Info Revelle Plaza. /10/8) 
Legal assistant. no prior legal ~)CJ)efience 
needed; flexible hours; good 'WIng skills 
required; La ..Jolla Shores. 45~1308. 
459-0032. (10/11) 
Wa1ted: Students with a vision. call 
Krista 452-5038. (10/81 

SK~rial assistants for doctor's ofllce. 
Typing. errands. tiling. etc. M,ist ~ 
own car. Full time and part time 
cwallable. Monday-Frlday and \Neekend 
positions. Flexible schedule. 454-0973. 
/IO/BI 
Springsteen tickets-want to trac:te 2 
good seats Fri. Oct 26 for another night 
prefer NcN. 2. Call 26&-3300. (10/81 
Fun-Ioving studious female roomate 
needed to share master bedroom in 
condo. Close to school. Please call Chris 
or Kitty after 6 pm at 457-4096. (10/11) 
Motorcycle 125. Any model. low mileage 
reasonably priced. Call 481-6082. (10/8) 

dB 8{§@ijlll 
GMA T /LSA T TUTOR. PhD student 
Former instructor for major US test-prep 
center; 4 years teaching elCperlence. 
Intensive. analytic method. Andrew 
459--7602. eves. (10/8) 
EXPERT Typing. Also ~assettes & 
computerized \NOrk. Spelling free. We 
carel Sandy. 459-581a (10/18) . 
Top Drawer Secretarial Word 
Processing . Reports. r~sumes. 
manuscripts. Student rate. Diane 481-
4160. (11/29) 
Models. Former UCSD Guardian Photo 
Editor /UCSD Calendar Photographer 
now produdng high-quality. Iow-cost 
modeling portfolios. Color or B& W. Call 
Rich Pec;jak. 695-8714 for appointment 
/10/29) 
Star Words Typing & Word Processing. 
9580 Blk. Mtn. Rd. ST -G. Student papers. 

Thesis. 578-4041. (10/15) 
Pregnant 1 Troubled7 Explore the 
alternatives to abortion . Free 
professional counselng and seMces 
available. San Diego Pro-~ League 24 
hour hotline: 583-5433. 941-1515. 
(10/15) 
RESUMES. papers. Super quality. Same 
day \NOrd processing by A-L-F-A-8-I-T-S. 
45+862a (10/8) 
cars for rent Sl5perday. sa5 per month. 
Del Mar 755-3201. (10/18) 
Computerized 'Wingjword processing. 
Term papers. reportS. theses. etc. Fast & 
dependable. 481-0268. (10/15) 
Burke Secretarlal-<luaHty typing I 15 
years experience-Rush jobs 
specialty/ftexible hours. La ..t>11a 457-
3842. (10/151 

Wanted: Hard-working career~ 
interns. Many positjons 0QeI1 for next 
quarter. Contact ASlO alice at 452-
4689 or stop by our ofllce abOYe the 
Game Room in the Student CenIrr. 
Apply by 10/12 & 19. (10/81 
Plan on having fun this quarter1 Come 
join the Sailing Club. Meeting 6 pm on 
Mon. 10/8/84 In APM 2202. (10/81 
cary. Joyeux AnniYersaire. Man Amour. 
Que nous puisslons ~ ensemble pour 
toujours. I...oYe Always. AL (10/8J 
To the "Pool Shark" with the bfack hat 
whose friend \NNI'S red penny ioIfef's: 
Will you teach me how to play pool? 
Meet me this ThJrsday at the Rath at 
2:301 XT~. (10/8) 
Add ute to)'OUr years at UCSD-inforrnal 
rush a sorority. See what )Uu're missingl 
Call 457-5535. (10/111 
Attn: All sand wlle)WII fanatics. ~E & 
Sideout bring you the first a"~ 
tournament Oct. 12th. Info RNeile Plaza. 
(10/8) 
Anne-Thanks for the help with rush 
stuffs. but most of all for being a terrific 
AOII friend. L.ove. N. (10/8) 

Found: Swimmers cap and goggles. call 
Ray at 452-9595 and leave a message. 
(10/8) 
Found: A new vision. Call Krista 452-
5038. /10/81 

WCSG 

Warren College Student Government 
announces openings for these positions-

Freshman Representative to Council 
Freshman Representative to Judicial Board 
Campus Housing & Food Service Committee 
Bookstore Advisory Committee 
Reg. Fee Committee 

Applications available in the Warren Provost's Office 

For more information contact Stacy - 481 -8968. 


