


NEWS 
-m, ~~~ ,~ 

The Second Annual Educational 
Conference sponsored by :-'1EChA and 
the Educational Opportunlf}' Progr.llll 
will be held ).llUrda} , ~la} II) lrolll 10 
am to -+ pm in Third College Lecture 
H,lll. The conlerencc Will he .lImed cll 
educLltin J rhose 1I1rcrested 111 Il'Jr11111g 
clhout the Chicano Me,'IGlnO npenenll' 
III regards fll Issues affecting th~ 
communit) and higher eduGltIlln 
TopICs to he covered will be the 
Chicano experience S111ce I tHtl. 
AffrrlnLlm'e Actilln clOd 
Chicanos Mexiccmos; cmd Educatlllll 
community cnh.mcement 

o 

UCSD student Lois Humphreys ha~ 
been endorsed h}' Congressman jlln 
Bates for the Democr<ltlc nOllllllLltlOn lor 
Congress in the -+ Jrd District. 
Congre sman Bates' endorselllent J01l1S .1 
rapidly gl'l)wing list 01 organiz.l tl on,~l 
,md personal endorsements for 
Humphreys campaign from communlt}' 
le,lders and DemocrJtI . dubs i 11 both 
S.1Il Diego and Or,mge Countlcs. 

o 
The Visual Arts Undergraduate 

Exhibition will Include ,,"ork; In 
p,lIntlng, dr,lwlngs . sculp[llrc. 
photograph)', perionnance cllld 
111m Video. The exhibition IS scheduled 
for 1 uesdJY, May 21) through june I 
Irom noon to 5 pm daily Student JnI~[S 
\\'111 he .lvailabh: ttl dlscu '> their worb 
.It the dosll1~ rec:eptll)n .It 5 pm. Frld.l), 
june I .It thc :-'Lmdevllk Art GJlIer} 
Anne . 

o 
Volunteers are needed to work 

c1er.:uon I1Ighl, 1 ue,d.I)'. June') ClllltaCl 
the Rcglstrar of Voters Olfice belarc :--1.I} 
25 Jt 565-3555 . The vlliunteers will he 
partlcipatlllg III rhe rJlI} center Jt the 
Registrar 01 \llltcrs olflcc. 

o 
Introduction to the Scientific 

Calculator IS ,I dass helllg offered h} 
UCSD [J\tcn'>llln III ..In ellort to eduG\le 
people nn the mexpenslvc tool tuden!> 
Will learn to pcrlorm h.ISIC and 
advan Td c:alcul.lllon~ 011 the c:ommon 
va nery 01 s<':lenll hc L"Jiculatllrs as \'.'ell a,> 
lundamcntJI JpplllJlIOnS 111 thc are,\> of 
Ii n,IIlCC , stallStlc:,>, sClcntlllc operJtlon~ 
and Jpproxllnallon . For more 
InlOnnJlIlln. <.:Jll -+52-3-+00. 

o 
Immigration Policy \\ til bc discussed 

on I-rld,l}', Mcl), 18. hy Robert :-'lmlJl1 , 
Acting Director 01 thc U ImmlgrJtlon 
,md ~aturallZJtion ScrYlcc lor S.m Diego 
,lIld ImperlJl Counllcs 1 hc publll IS 

I nvlted to clltend the pmgr.1I11 .11 10 .1111 
III Rllom liLA 01 the Admlnl'>tr'IIH)f1 
'llmplex on "".nrcn ·JlllpU,. hl11hcr 

1Il10rlllJtlllll n1.l}' Ill' "Ilt.lIncd by calling 
-+52-3·fOY 

o 
A trust fund totalling $615,000 hJ~ 

bc:en cst.lbllShcd by L.l jolla 
phd.lI1throplsl rlon:nc.: Rlford Ihrough 
thl' UC JIl Diego 1'0undJllon, III 
support thc Department of 
Ophth.llmology .11 the UC D Medlc.ll 
S(hOlll "1 he grit 01 ~Igh[ IS pncclc~s , 
.1I1J loun tless children ,llld ,Idults \\ III 
ultlln.uc ly bcneflt from rhc research 
advances and unprovcd patient c:are 
made pOSSible hy Mro; . Rlford 's 
phIIJlllhrop}'," s.liJ Chanc:cllor Rldurd 
Atkinson 

o 
Alfred E. Neuman announced his 

candidacy for the MAl) Pany 
nom IllatiOn lor preSident 01 the LJ nited 
)t.l!C,. .11l1l1g lor less campaign rhetoriC 
• IS one Jnswer to air pol lution . NCU111,1I1 
has vowed not to promise anything in 
hi, bid lor Ihe olhcl' "Do you reall::c 
thc count ry IS Oil the brink 01 rU1I1?" 

Clllnan asked Journalist'>. "Elect me and 
l"ll finish th~ Job " ~euman, in 
annllLIIlc1l1g hiS hid , cl.l1rlhcd hiS 
POSitiOns on 111.1ny kl'y IS ue ·. 011 thc 
tk·,1t ClI/lIe t/I<IJt · "1 Will r'llsc the draft agc 
to b5 and remow thc .:x~mptlon lor 

kgi~Ll!or, "' 011 \\'0111,'11\ I"Igll/;: "'Eve ry 
\\ll111.1n ~h lluld he glVC11 the same 

tre.llm~nt ,h evcl)' mJIl . And c\'cl)' man 
~hollid h.l\"e thc nghr to 5.1)' he h.1S a 
he.ILI.Khl' .. ()II d1,' L"1tl"lh'Y (I'll, .. E\"CI)' 
tllne OPLC r.lbC, the pnc:c 01 oil wc 
sh,lllid mise the pnc:c of _okc Jnd 
PCPSI llwr,>eas" :'Jeuman lor PreSident 
l-shllt', bumper stickers and \\TltC-11l 
IlJllob arc availJblc I'or IIll0nnJtioll, 
\\ mc to Allred For Prc<;ldcnt . 20HO A 
Calumet 'r reet, Cle.lIW<1ll'r, FL 33575 . 

o 
The Health Policy Project at the 

MedIcal Center has openings fo r several 
undergraduate volunteers. The project is 
currently mvolved with issues such as 
elderly health care, defensive medicme, 
innuenza control and computer 
measurement of SOCial and therapeullc 
processes. Students from all majors are 
welcome to work five hours a week , 
de\'eloping background for their own 
academiC credit ea mll1g projects. An 
IIlformal session abour the project Will 
be held III the MUir Apartment LOLlIlge , 
May 17 at 7 pill . Application forms are 
available III Room L02 of the 
Community Medicine Facility from 2 to 
-+ pm dally. 

Voting tanes p-lace May" 21-25 

University Center 
referendum schedule 

The University Ce nter referendum IS 
sc heduled for the week of May 21·25. 

Voting booths will be manned by 
students representmg various campus 
organizations. Payments will be made 
IntO the IIlcome accounts of those 
organizations volunteering their time 

Voting hours Will be from LO am to 'f 
pm Monday th rough Thursday, and 
until 1 pm on Friday. Voting loc.ulons 
will be numerous. With more booths 
than fo r the AS elections. 1 hese Include 
Revelle Plaza, the Gym StepS, :-'1lddle 01 
MUir, Peterson Hall , CashIer's Olfrce. 

Canyon View Pool. and (Monday and 
Thursday) at BlaMed Library There will 
be 28 booths in all , With 10,000 ballots, 
proVided hy ACllon Computer Services, 
who wrll also be re ponsible for the fj nal 
tally of vOles. 

Phmo Identification cards Will be 
rcqLl1rcd at all locations, exccpt the Gym 

step~, where paper ID~ Will he accepted . 
[or those stili unsure of the 

UI1\Vl:rsIlY Center pl,ms and relerendum 
contents Inlonnatlon booths Will be set 
up ,lI most of the VOII ng 10CatlOIl. , from 
9 am to -+ pm thl weck 

Putting on the Ritz 
The j\)·sponsored 198-+ UC D emi· Fonnal is bell1g lauded as the gala event 

of Ihc year, a pote nll al Koala five -star bash. With the extravagant 1ll1e-up of 
gourmet hors d' uvres , non -stop live music and th ree no- host bars, all taking 
place in Ihc lUXUriOUs SC rtll1g 01 the hampagne Ball Room of the Sheraton 
Harbor Island Hotel, the night does appear to have all the makings of a spirited 
affair. 

The 1984 Semi -Formal, which will take pia e thiS Saturday, May 19, will mark 
the nrst time an all -campus event such as this has occurred. In past years the 
ind ividual colleges have sponsored their own formals . Initially, some of the 
college councils balked at an event that would encompass the whole campus, 
thus infnnglng on the college system. Yet, after consideration among the four 
olleges, 51,500 will be donated 10 defray rhe costs of the event. Additionally, 

the j\) Programming Board, headed by Commissioner Craig Hemperly, has 
subSIdized the party to the tune of some $5,000. In all , the event will only cost 
the student 59 per ticket for the event which will run from 8 pm until 2 am. 

With such culinary delights as shrimp pulTs, swedish meatballs, egg rolls, 
qUiche, chicken drumlets and fmit platters, the lood alone is wonh the price of 
admission . Two separate stages will make it posstble to alternate between the 
Rebel Rocker~ and Dirk Debonaire for continuous music. 

a fa r, more than half of the limited 600 tickets have been sold. Tickets are 
a\'ailJble 31 the box ofTrce and are expected to sell out. 

1968 ... 
Allan Kaprow, internationally known 

for his development of "happenings ," 
will be Regents' Professor on campus 
next week. Kaprow had defined a 
"happenlllg" as "an assemblage of events 
performed or perceived in more than 
one time and place. It is performed 
according to plan but without rehearsal , 
audience or repetition . It is art bUl 
seems closer to life." 

1969 ... 
There IS likely [0 be more trouble 

IOday for the Board of Regents when it 
meets 111 open session at the Faculty 
Center at the usually sedate UCLA 
campus. The Coali tion, an alliance of 
several campus groups, Students for 
Democratic ociety IIlcluded, expects to 
draw more than LOoo students 10 a rally 
outside the building where the Regents 
are meeting. The coa lition IS concerned 
with such issues as ROTC on campus, 
University involveme nt m multi·related 
resea rch .. raisi ng tuitions , and relevant 
education. 

1970 ... 
George W1I1ne, a 23-year-old UCSD 

graduate stlldent, died early yesterday 
morning, ten hours after setti ng hi mself 
on nre in Reve lle Plaza, holding a sign 
which read , "In God's name, End this 
war." Conscious up until hiS death , 
Winne explained the reasons for hiS act 
as belllg "very personal and sp iritual," 
and kept reiterating the urgent need to 
put an end to the Vietnam War. NOt 
Involved in any kllld of organized 
political activity, Winne was deSCribed 
by friends as be ing the "loner rype ." 
They said he did possess his own very 
deep and sin ere moral and political 
views. which Included a vehement 
oppu'>lI\on to the war. 

1971 ... 
"' I Wltl1e s d a MJrlne com pany 

ann ihilate an entire Village on Ill}' Ilrst 
operation:' related VIetnam veteran 

Barry Romo in Revelle Cafeteria 
Wednesday eve ning. Romo, a 
commissioned offi cer at 19, told the 
audience that he received the same 
orderS as LI. Calley and refu sed to obey. 
"I had some humanity left ," he said. 
'The reason that I won't name my 
commanders and go through a tnal IS 
that 1 don 't want 10 see more 
scapegoating." He said he felt that the 
people making the war policy decisions 
should receive blame rather than the 
officers who carry out policy. 

1972 .. . 
David Harris , noted anti-war 

spokesman, app~red in the Revelle 
cafeteri a to talk about moves [0 end the 
war. After speakmg agalllst the war fo r 
ove r four years, he "backed hiS word s" 
with action by retummg his draft card . 
Because of this he spent 20 months in a 
federal prison. Harris charged that 
Ameri cans are soorhlllg their 
consciences by letting their military 
machines fight the war. 

1973 ... 
A march and picket line III suppOrt of 

Wounded Knee assembled at Horton 
Plaza at noon yesterdJY. An Incl l;m 
spokesma n said that Wounded Knee 
was an action of an old thought, a reliel 
and a step - an aC llon of old Indians 
remembering a time before U 
governmental control. It was a relief [0 
man)' Indians lIred of such control 01 
their lives. And it was a step [Oward J 
more se nsihle futlIre for those same 
Indians. 

1977 ... 
UC I) en iors R,mcly Erickson Jnd 

Brian RIttC1", dui ng a 199 project lor a 
Communications Dept. course dCJllllg 
with rhe cont rovers l,ll Clln~ rrllCII()n of .1 
nuclear plant In Manchester, New 
H.unpshlrc, were .lrrestcd along \\ uh 
many other dcmonstrators In the m.hS 
.rrre~t th .1t ,)ct:urrcd thiS week 

- Christopher Canole 

, 

M 14 198 3 
.' ,.<.... ". .. , . . . NEWS . 

. : . - ...... -: .. - ..... ~. ~,«. y.{.. .. :,~, ~ .. . :. % .. x.'" '.., ~ :::%'i&::;;:~ . 

A crowd oj thousands gathered 10 enjoy the games, Jood, entertainment and sunshine oj 
Friday's Sun God Festival '84. 

UC§D University Events Office presents 

The 
UC San Diego 

Chamber Music Series 

PURCELL SEXTET 
Canada's Purcell Quartet plus two 

B RAHMS: SEXTET IN B -Fl.AT MAJOR, OP. 18 
HAYDN: ,C -MAJOR: OP. 54, N O. 2 

BRAHMS: SEXTET IN G-MAJOR, OP. 36 

G.A. $1 2.00, UCSD St. $5 .50 
MAY l8, FRIDAY, 8:00 P.M. 

MANDEVILLE A UDITORIUM 

'---- UCSD Box Office 6£ Ticketron: 452-4559 __ 

Festival is 
sun-shining success 
By SEAN WAGSTA FF 

The Guardian corne red four people 
near th e Sun God Festival Frid ay and 
asked them if it was a success. 

The two men and twO women were 
all named Breit, or so they c1allned, and 
their collective response to the questio n 
was an emphatic "Yes! " 

Brett # L, the most outspoken one of 
the little group , said It was "really fun. " 

He held a little plastic bag in his left 
hand. Inside the bag swam a nervous-
looking goldfish , obviously a prize from 
one of the nearby game booths. 

He lifted the baggie up to the sun. 
shook it vigorously and tapped it a few 
times. The goldfish panicked and darted 
around the bag. 

Breit pOinted at the quivering fish . 
'This goldfish is fun ," he declared. 

Brett #2 added , 'The Sun God itself 
is fun ." 

"So is the popcorn booth," stated 
Brett #3. 

'The dunking booth'" they blurted OUt 
simultaneously. "Now that's fun ," said 
Brett #2. Everyone agreed . 

When asked if the "Bretts" had any 
suggestion for future Sun God Festivals, 
the responses came from all sides at 
once . 

"We should have more of them." 
"It would be nice to have rides in the 

parking lot." 
"There should be a music system by 

the games." 
'There should be naked women 

danLlng around," said Brett # 1. Also, 
he 'd like to have some beer kegs 
available, he said. When shown dIe 
distant beer line, he declared, "The kegs 
are the best pan of all." 

UCSD's break dance company, the 
Bogus Breaks, drew a big crowd . A 
group of twO or three hundred people 
ga thered around a little patch of 
linoleum well before the show staned. 

The dancers' gyrations and energetic 
convulsions generated their own waves 
of applause from the audience. 

A ci rcle about 15 people deep had 
fo rmed b}' the time they had fin ished. 

Of the game booths, a few were much 
more popular than others. 

A small crowd gathered in Tront of the 
Go For the Gold goldfish toss. 

A young woman lealllng ove r the 
counter, ping pong ball in hand , sighred 
over the ball into one of about 15 fish-
filled jars . 

JUSt as she threw, a gUSt of wllld 
deflected the ball's trajectory and it 
bounced ofT the jar. 

Her companion shrieked , "Rim shot. 
Vou blew it" 

The crowd groaned , "Awww." 
While Team Twister lacked enough 

teams to keep it busy, it did have a 
spirited crew. 

When two teams played , the shouts 
could be heard across the quad. "Left 
foot red. Right hand red . Left hand blue. 

please tum tv pag" 10 

HPWEEK 
Have }Uu been waiting to purchase a Hewlett-Packard 

computer, calculator, printer, plotter, or accessory7 If so, 
now is the time to get one I 

May 14th through the 18th is HP WEEK at the 
Bookstore Computer Center. Come in and see any of our 
complete line of Hewlett-Packard products, including the 
fantastic new HP 150 Touchscreen computer, and talk 
with qualified sales reps about how you can get your ~_.'u' 
own personal computer, to make life a little easier for 

On Wednesday, the high point of HP WEEK. we will 
have sales and technical reps straight from Hewlett-
Packard on hand to answer all of your questions. These 
representatives will also be unveiling the mUCh-talked-
~bout "~tery product" - the new HP product everyone 
IS wondenng about. The HP support crew will be here for 
one day only, so don't miss out; you'II be sorry if you do. 
Also, look for some spectacular low prices on HP products 
during all of HP Week, so remember: don't be left out of 
this once-in-a-lifetime spectacularl And be sure to catch 
the debut of the new HP mystery product' 

ONT MISS ITI 
UlllVEliallY BaaliSTUIlE 

COMPUTER CENTER 
The Discount Computer Store 

452-4291 



OPINION 
;x. ~.* .. ' .... ~. :::;: .: .. ~.~..:$ .... ;~. ".. ~ ;.. "'~ .... ' .. :::~ .. ~:-: ....... ::;; ~ ..... '."'X ................. , .... . ... , " >.. '" ... 

Editorial 

Throwing light 
on public opinion: 
black as the pit from poll to poll 

The latest poll on the new generation's attitudes is 
always eagerly awaited by the general population, or 
perhaps just by newsmen and editorial writers, for 
whatever reason: perhaps so we can see what the old 
generation will think in 20 or 30 years' time. 
Suddenly a few freshmen catapult anonymously in 
the public spotlight, and their philosophies, 
prejudices, weaknesses, ignorance , acuity or 
enthusiasm are invested with the full weight of things 
to come. 

Right now the people, or newsmen or editorial 
writers, are interested in whether freshmen are 
interested in public affairs, personal philosophy or 
private income. A few questions about copulation are 
thrown in to spice things up , but these things are the 
main concern. The results are taken by three groups 
of people , politicians, philosophers and businessmen , 
with varying degrees of shock or satisfaction. Trends 
are charted , foreshadowing the apocalypse or second 
coming, depending on one's point of view. 

The trends may be accurate or inaccurate , and 
they may represent reality or perception, whatever 
the difference is. What is important is not the crowd 
but the individual. Interested parties can exult or tear 
their hair at the Modem Youth , but the Modem 
Youth is a number of people , each coming to college 
with a particular thing in mind , whether he is aware 
of it or not , to learn . One comes to learn how to 
influence the will of the people (or to find out that 
no such thing exists), another to know himself, and 
another to know how to make a lot of money. 
Perhaps there are some who want to do all three, and 
a few of those who actually accomplish it. But 
whatever the perceived purpose of education, and 

whatever the public reaction , each perception has 
individual validity. Whatever the public would like it 
to be, college is a collection of people brought 
together to recognize the validity of individuals and 
nurture it. 

So the newsmen write up the results of the poll , 
the editorial writers comment on it and the public 
reacts to it, while a few forthright individuals tum to 
the bit about copulation. But however interesting the 
wide picture and the trends are, the important fact 
that comes out is that college can recognize and 
adapt to the particular necessities and goals of each 
person, and that all the large public trends and small 
private ones can fit into it. 

When colleges begin to pay attention to groups 
rather than individuals, they take on the position 
belonging to advertising agencies, trying to adapt a 
product to a public, or a public to a product. The 
college, after all, is not supposed to be pushing a 
product; it is the student's job to attain it, and the 
college's to help him discover what sort of thing he 
wants to attain. 

Polls are interesting things to read , but people at 
the University should not follow the lead of 
politicians, who use polls not to gauge their 
popularity but to create it. The academic world is not 
immune to fads. If it remembers that its purpose is to 
be an environment in which students can believe 
what they want, rather than an environment that is 
what the students want it to be, the line between 
college and PR firm remains clear. Which is not to 
say, of course , that the academics should feel 
betrayed when the student wants to cross that line. 

ll®llll~lf~n~llll~lf~n®tttt®lf~n®llll®lf~ll~lltt®lf~n®ttll®lf~ll®tttt~lf~ ncellit~lf~n~llll®lf~n~lltt( 
ll~lf~lettersn®llll®lf~n®tttt®lf~ll®frll~lf~ll®llll®lf~ll®llll®lf~ll®ll'llcelf~ncellll<elf~ncellll<elf~ 
lf~n®llll®lf~n®llll®lf~ll®frll®lf~n®llll®lf~n®llll®lf~n®llll®lf~n®tttt®l1f~ncellllcelf~n®llitcelf~n~ 
n®lltt®lf~n®llll®lf~n®lltt~lf~n~lltt®lf~n®llll®lf~n®lltt®lf~ll®llll®lf~ncefdtcelf~ncellll®lf~ncell\b 
Thomas Rankin: 

Ronald Reagan has refused to 
ccrtll)' Jnd JUO\\' Into Ihis 
country thc ~h lel of the SOVICt 
u l)"mpll" ddcg.ltlon. h.ls mined 
\hcar.Jguan h.l rburs and 111 the 
prllCcss d.lmagcu a SOVICt ship. 
ha~ refuscd [0 negollatc a han on 
opening ~pace to nuclear 
wurhue, has t)'peu the ::'OVICtS .1 
terrorIS t nallon wh tle proposmg 
mdltons 01 dollars lU ClJUIllLTJCl 
thl> terrori sm wllh what hl' 
cu phemlSllLall), l:.IUS "pro..tWvc· 
!Jolt,e Slrl kes, .Ind he h.ls calleu 
thc ::'nVIl"t Union the "locus 01 
cvIi" III thc modcm world . Yet 

~omehow I( IS Jimmy C.lIler, no\\' 
lour ),C.lrS UU[ 01 011 HX , Whlllll 
)'ou LhOllse to hlame lor the 
.Idmlttculy ptliIt 1l.11 pull-out III 
Ihe ~()\,lctS lrom thts yea r s 
ul),mplc competliion 

Have )'lJU m ISSCU ~llllle th Ing? 
Bob Dom 

Literature Department 

J /I ~ 'Iwho r r~plIl'S: lj thl' )OI"Il't 
U IlIUIl 1V,'Il' tv dwml' 1'0/ lI1 ltll 

lC'IS(}tI~ JOt· IVII/ILI"jl\tll (a, jlllll'IY 
elmer did), t/la, IS jellll, grolll1d 
jvr th l'l1I 10 do ,,' SOllie ~\'(I II) you 
jUlbl I" 111 0 111011 IlldLld~ dl,' 
InvaSion oj Grenada, the VLL upalion 
oj Lebanon and the jll1anclIIg vf 

th' Contras 111 Nicaragua. Tass and 
Krl'l1IlIn could have made polil ical 
/1<IY IVI/h allY oj 11",<, hati Ihl'Y 
1II1>/l l'.1 to. 

jill III I)' Ca,la, a, Ihe I11VSI 
1'<IIlIt:ljlll ,mgt.: \\Iorkl t.:atie,·, shollid 
IWt ha\'!: pulled 1I1l' US oul 'if Ihe 
1980 SWlIII ICI" Gllll ies Llllda Jny 
lIr,III1I>IWI,C> I. It I> \\1,,,., 11 1I0/llig 
Ihal Grcal Bn/a lll IVa, III Mos(ow, 
tllt/lllllgli 1/ I11U,t hal"e i>Cl' lI tI 
g,l llil1g 'J1c,wd~ jor till'III. ) (a lw", 
rrc,edt"lll -sel/lIlg ''''Y(O/l dllT'Jore 
i>CCII' IIle IWIII1I 'if the' i>lwlIt' ,WI 
,,,,Iy jor thl' SOl'iet " pullout j,..IIII 
tim 'Ulllnt,T\ Ga lliC" i>w j"r \l'h," 
IVIII ,,,,d.> ,)(: 'CCII ,', tI tlnllllltll'C 
{lUlti "' Ihl' OIYl1lpll> 1I1ltl 111 \l'orl.! 
1'0lItl" ,/\ a IV/WI<- - TR 

President Boroditsky: 
In yuur statemcnt to the 

GUclrtillln , ( 16 April 1(84) you 
<.:I'llmed you would "like to see 
more unity on thiS campus" and 
that the ·'AS has alienated the 
students." 

Well Marc, you now have a 
golucn opporluni[)' ro tum this 
tlue 01 alienation: l:ampaign lor 
and succceu In rcpealing the 
stipend legislation . We have 
hearu .ill the argume llls lor 
stlpcnus and sa)' thiS: Thc AS 
wIiI get stipend s when (a nd nm 
bdurc) [hey cam [helll . 

We ~uggest thJt )'ou undert.lkc 
the lollowlng [hrcc- Iold action: 

I . Repe ... 1 [he newly cnactcu 
Sll rend leglSIJtllll1 , 

2. Kecp the mom hly 
cvalualllll1S and [he ;,eml -lorm.11 
U rcss wde .It A~ ll1ecll ngs; 

3 WrltC ,Ind GlInpalgn 1m .1 

letters to the editor should be typed (triple -spaced on a 
72-space line) and addressed to the Opmion Editor, UCSD 
Guardian, U(SD, B-016, Lajolla , CA 92093. Letters mayalso 
be dropped off at our orfices, located southeast of Revelle 
Plaza. In additon , the 'Guardian welcomes commentaries by 
students, faculty and starf on any subject of general interest to 
UCSD. Commentaries should be typed as above , preferably 
three to five pages in length . All submissions must include 
signature and telephone number. 

mnstitlltlOnal amendment that 
will take the power LO grant 
stipends away from those who 
would nenefit (the AS Council) 
anu give it directly (and by a 
two-thirus vote) to the deCLOr.lte 
of UCSD. 

Once )'UU have sucl:eedcu In 
enat:ting these propusals, we 
hellcve you \VIII bc well on your 
wa)' 10 turning aroLlnd thc 
.Iliemuion and apathy that 
plagues UC 'D, for \\'h)1 should 
we as studcll[s hother to go to 
thl' polb or take pan In .111)' 
othcr .If.: lIvlties if II hat we h.IVC 
[() say is Ignored b)' Ollr elc..: tcd 

rcprcsc l1tall\'c~ ~ Wh)" .,hould we 
pantctpate .It all ? 

In duslng we \\'oulu likc to 
share onc oth er ub 'e rvatton: /I 
these Ille.bure", (o r oncs WI)' 
, I 111 liar) arc nlJt .lC tCU UpOIl 
4ulckl)' b) the AS Cound, th .\( 
ugl), movcment ··rec.dJ ," which 
Iw s .tlrcJd}' r.lI seu ItS hcau III 
rel'ent dlsl:ussllJns, mllSt 
a"sureul)' \\'ill ga11l lIlueh 
mllllll' l1tUlll among the general 
stude l1ls. 

Signed, 
Ralph Sbragia 

for a group of con emed studenlS 

Editor 
rim August 

Managing Editor 
Phil Lauder 

Copy Editor 
joc Desiderio 

Opinion Editor 
jallles Ralph Papp 

News Editor 
Lisa L.lpll1 

Contributing News Editors 
Steven R. Friedman 

Sean Wagstaff 
Phil Wi\lon 

Arts Editor 
Andrew Keeler 

Associate Ans Editor 
john Nee 

Sports Editor 
jeff Savage 

Features Editor 
ChrisLOpher Canale 

Photo Editor 
Rich Pecjak 

General Manager 
Chris Milke 

Associate General Managers 
Linda Lcwis 

Valerie McMullin 

Photographers 
Rob Friedenthal 
Mark johnson 

ILlustrators 
John Ashlec 

Steve Klocpfer 

Typeseners 
Joe Desiderio 
Anggle Lapid 
Phil Guder 

Andy Laurence 

Production 
Paul Farwell 

Rob Friedemhal 
Lizz Fuller 
Kelley Neal 

Karla Spencer 

Staff Writers 
LAnce Bernard, Ethan Feerst, 

David Fleminger, Raben Geyer, 
Jackie Gladfelter, Kim Haddad , 

Christina Kaus, SergiO Klier, 
Rohen Leone, Michael Panos, 

Julie Richter, Dena Rosen, Sharon 
Sogomian, Yen Taylor. 

The UCSD Guardian is 
published Mondays and 
Thl'rsdays during the al:ademic 
year by students at UCSD. Views 
expressed in the Guardian do not 
represent the views of the Regents 
of the University of California ur 
the Associated Studcnts of UCSD. 
All un-initialled editoria ls 
represent thc views uf thc enti re 
euiLOrial hoard 01 the Guurd/(/n; 
initialled editorials represent 
minority opll1ions of the editorial 
board . Reproduction , publication , 
ur any use without permission 01 
any ponion of this ncwspaper 
withuut prior nutilka[ion is strictly 
prohibited . 

The Gua"d,un welcomes signeu 
letters and l:llmmcntary.ls outlll1ed 
in the upllliun sel: tion ; huwever, 
we are not responsible fur 
unsoltclled manuscnpts or all . 

Uur nr! ICC IS located soU/hcast 01 
the Revelle Provost ufflee next 
door to the Chc Cafc on the UCSD 
campus. The tlu Iness uflkc IS 
opcn IWIll <:I Jill LO noon and I pm 
ltJ ') pm Munua), through FrtlJa),. 

::,ub~uiptions are .IVa ibble .lI1d 
wi II be m.lIlcu Ii rst d.lss for ~ I 5 pc r 
qua ncr. 

The UCSD Guardian 
UCSD,8-016 

La Jolla, California 92093 
(619) 4~2-3466 

d: The Duelist 

Reviewing the 
Young Californian 
By CHRISTOPHER CANOLE 

The young man said, "I am so proud 
to be an II1teliectual elitist." 

No, no, that's too shari , young man I 
You might have said .. . WeU ... many 
things ... in different keys. Allow me to 
describe your intellect, for instance: 

Aggressive: I, Sir, had [ such an over-
strained appendage, would have it at 
once amputated. 

Inquisitive: What may this voluminous 
object be used for, a random storage 
cemer or a theatre for one-man 
performances? 

Pleasant: Do you love the vullllres so 
that you feel bound to oITer them a 
perch to sit upon? 

Fierce: When the fires of your 

righteous passion become mfiamed, oh, 
the smoke screcn you do produce. 

Thoughtful: Be careful - so much top 
weight might cause you to falll 

Affectionate: Have a shade made for it , 
for any light of wisdom may fade its 
gansh color. 

Pedantic: For so much volume beneath 
your shell we must compare it to the 
Hindenburg. 

Flippant : Why! Young man, is this the 
fashion to display today? You must no! 
wrinkle it through too much use . 

EmpathetiC: Take care nor to expose it 
to those of stronger slllff; it would be so 
tragiC to lose such a delicate trinket. 

Histone: Is this the legend unto itself? 

The following is Ih e text oJj a111es Ralph Papp 's opentng remarks for the SU'I God 
Festival . 
On the Celebration of a New Era 

Thts is an auspi ious occaSlon , and it owes ItS auspicity not just to the fact 
that a great many people Intend to carouse for a great many hours. The Sun God 
has bcen with us for a yca r, and this is its coming out pany. 

When it arnved on this campus, the reaction was at best mixed and at wors[ , 
unrmxedly negative. On ItS fIrst night here several students who were previously 
unaware 01 it s presence suddenly and permanelllly resolved to give up excesive 
alcohol consumpllon. Rumors fiew that the San Diego Chi cken was threatenmg 
an action becausc of opyright infringement, or a[ least a paternity suit. ome 
were even unkind enough to suggest [hat [he Sun God was merely a Nikl de St. 
Phallil: symbol. 

Yet now we observe teeming thousands ofUCSD's brightest and best ready to 
pursue debauchery around the base of the Sun God, with the enthusiasm of 
those on the other end of Cecil B. DeMille's munificence. Is it admiration fOrlhe 
Sun God or a deep and general interest in an orgiastic principle that encourages 
this display? That is impossible to answer. But we predict for the future a Purple 
Volleyball Nets Festival down the hill , a Stonehenge Festival across campus and 
even a Large Neon Halo around [he Mandell Weiss Theater Festival (a project 
which is an imminent pan of the Stuart Collection). 

Indeed , UCSD appears to hold the happy future of panies around an and art 
in the middle of panics. But to prevelll its future from holding long speeches, I 
shall end here merely with the admonition, as if that were even necessary, 
"enjoy." 

AnalySIS: This speech is a product of ils time. 11 could nOI have been made Iwo years 
ago (because there was no Sun God), or even one year ago (because there was noSun 
God Festival), or even last Friday (bccauseja111es was somewhere else at the time). We 
see a "cerlain tClldcncy" developing in it, a recognition of the advantages I?f hedonism 
over aestheticism. 0,. is it simply political posturing? Perhap this is the 1110l11ent of 
discovery of the grecl/ immoral 111ajority constituency. 

PROPHET PRODUCTIONS I KSDT95.7 CABLE FM, 
540 AM PRESENT UK REGGAE 

EXPLOSION! 

SHOW STARTS AT 8:30 PM 
itO. 50 g_,al admlNlon AR age' welcome IILISEAT~~ 

leks" OV_ 0' lou" fl9cord> (Enc""tas). Sound Spec tHJrn (laguna h). Of< The fl9cord. 
licorICe ""'0 CPS). A,code MuSIC (00"'''''0 '''''' &. OB) The Boobob. The ProDhe'. UCSD Ilo. O NIC9 
SOSU Ilo, O llice 32nd SI Naval 5101101\ and all TelOS90llocal""" Far ""0 283·,')66 0' 2JQ 5IJQ 

t---_-::-:~_:_:_::-:-::":".REGGAE ON THE RADIO: _________ --I 
DIlI'AD AT THE CONTIlOLS. SUNDAYS 1·4 PM ON KSOT Q5 7 CABLE FM 

REGGAE MAKOSSA. SUNDAYS 10 PM ON Q1X 

Admiring: For a butcher, what a slgn l 
ClaSSIC Even Achilles' pride in his 

arlllor could nOt protect him from being 
known as the heel. 

LynL. It is a shell-trumpet, and your 
ego shall make it blow. 

Inn occnl' When is the fT!useum open 
for Visitors? 

COLlrtllylike: That n t be a mind , but 
rather a plump pumpkin or watermelon . 

Military: Take ca re to pick an easy 
target , for you might havc to defend 
yourself. 

POClle Lc[ nor the Interplay of thought 
Intcrfere with your cute play of words. 

AmbldextroLis. Ah such dexterityl You 
stain your writing hand black. while the 
othcr beats fonh whitc . 

Forgiving: How thoughtful of you to 
make private apologies after abUSing one 
so extenSively in public. 

Clever: To fool the professor into 
believing you actually read th e 
assignment; may your future employers 
beware. 

QUick: Your wit is so fast, you must 
not bother to let it pass through your 

, /~ 
~ 

,\;It1y H , iYIH 5 
OPINION 

mlild . 
Unbwsed: In aU fairness there IS none 

you would nor slay, Indeed no Other 
would harm your grandmOther. 

MeteorolOgical: The snow of your 
written papers blankets the barren field s 
of your knowledge . 

Astronomical: How do you contain 
your grand theory of the universe In so 
small a space? 

Sdcc /lvc: Then again by rejecting so 
many other notions, you need not warty 
abOUt becommg someday complete. 

Unse lfish' Rather than foc us on you r 
own Improvement you donate much 
time to the demeanlllg of others. _ 

That is about what you might have 
said , clear boy, if you had a sprinkling 
of modest letters or a bit of self-humour. 
Of humour of self. though, lamentable 
bemg, you neve r had an atom; and, as 
to letters , you never had but four, to 
spell the word Fool' Some II1vemion is 
requisite for using your intelligence: To 
blindly use it for mere jest in abusing 
others in public is a fool's fantasy 
known as elitism. 

~--------------------------------------------~----~ 
Under che weacher afcer che greac1984 polirical binge: Will it lake us four more years 10 recover? 

WHAT'S THE 
01 FFE"RE NeEl 
The difference: A Written 

Guarantee. We have studenl 
discounts, and evening hours, 

just like many other shops. But, 
unlike others, we back up all our 

work in writing. If, after we've cut, 
permed, or colored )lour hair, you ' re 
not complelely happy, call us within 

seven days. We' ll redo your hair at no 
extra charge, That' s a big difference . 

9AM to 9PM Mon . • Tues . • Wed . • Thurs. 
9AM to 7PM Fn . • 9AM to 6PM Sal. 

La Jolla Village Convenience Center 
Next to Ralphs and Sav-On 

457-3334 

" 
-;s 
-, 

§ 
~ 
~ 



6 MII\ H, !")8-i 
OPINION 
.~ .... . .. .. x... ' 

By THOMAS RANKIN 
omctLm~" the proces, 01 putllng 

togclher ,1 ncwspapn artl 'Ie I, more 
Intere ~lIng and instruc tive than the 
article Itse ll. lor), Ideas ofte n fizz le out 
of their o\\'n accord , only to be replaced 
b)' others, but there arc Instance when 
.1 story die altogether and onl), comes 
Inm focus some time "Her. One e"ample 
that ' Dmes to mll1d took placc III the 
1,111 01 1982 when a cnllc,lgue and I 
drove I)Ut to Ihe HOlei Del Cn ron,ldo 
\\,I th a pair 01 t.lpe r<!corders tl) do " 
'"m.\I1 111 the , trcet"" ~tor')' on a thell-hm 
topIC, the hmtie hili I nlll.ltI\T 

The h~t thing that we le'lrned \\'a> 
that ··m.m In the ,treet"' articles .lre 
dlfhcuit ll) do. lh~ second thlllg we 
learned IS that such stones h.1Vc nl) 
discernible news \'alue whatsoel·er. Their 
popularity seems to be Illore \\'lIh the 
Journal ists \\'ho \\'rIte them than the 
people who rcad or P<ll1iClP,UC 111 them . 
sllTIpl)' bec'luse th c wntcr can cajole 
whatever response lrom the respondent 
he Illa) want to 

Alter we spltt up at the Hotel Del. I 
weill down talrs into a small shopp1l1g 
mJU and h~g"n ollanng people at 
random. One problem was the !Jet Ihat 
horeis .Ire lilled \\'ilh tourists from OUI of 
sta te \\'ho knOll Ittlle about Cahlornia 
polttlCS .1I1d can: even less. The nrst 
\\'oman I manJged to -pe.lk to turned 
out to be .1 proslltutc and had hule usc 
for proposilions thaI did nOl bring 
IITl1l1cdldte iInanclal reward The second 
person was even worse; first he wa 
opposed to it, but after I explall1cd the 
bill to him 111 greater detJll , he changed 
hiS mind and to.d me he was In lavor 
01 It . Pro and con In one fell swoop. 

Thmgs qUickly got more despe rale. 
'1 he hartender was tOO bus)' to talk, and 
hiS patrons lI'ere tOo drunk to ca re . 
:-';onc 01 the kltchcn help spoke English. 
As I talked to one wealth)·, elderly 
woman , her husband grabbed her b)' the 
arm and SJtd, ' You don 't ha\'e to say 
anythmg, dear '" A tahldul 01 salesmen at 
the Del lor a comcnuon In 

mlcrocomputer~ took me h,ICk lull Ci rcle, 
111 the course of our conVerSJtlon all nUl 
one 01 them chJnged their mll1ds at 
least oncc, the Jbstalner dldn'l have ,111 
Opll110n at all . 

IMMIGRATION 
Former INS. $upervisor WIth 11 year$ 

uperlence will handle all immigration "",tters, 
indudlns: 

• Pemwncnt Nlldcnce 
• H"'MIIDtion 
• TCftIPOIWY work vila 
• Asylum 
• Student vila 
• DcpoNtIon 
• Labor certification 

We provide re~nable ,atC$ & fru Initial 
con$Ultotion. for more Information call: 

Robert Kent 
"1IOrMV et ~ 

734 Seventh Avenue, San Diego, CA 92101 
~55 

Learn in Europe: 
French , Spanish , 

Italian , or German. 
Live with a family 
in a native setting . 

All levels of courses . 
Call for Free Brochure 

COUNCil TRAYEl 
619-452-0630 

UCSD Student Center 8-023 
La Jolla , CA 92093 

~1) ' lllhort d idn't h,l\'e ,my hener luck , 
so lI'e dlll1hed b.\ck Into the c.lr .1I1d 
heg.1I1 crUI -lI1g downtown .hkmg .In)'One 
who l".\mc II'lthln e.lrshm. The rc'>ult, 
lITre pn:dICl.lblc .\Ill<lunt~ 01 hll~tIlil) , 
Ignor.lIlce .1I1d .lp.nh) ll.lLk .1I the 
t),pcwntcr I Gll11e tv ,1 ralher surpnsll1g 
CclilclUS IOn \\ 'lth the lllate' n,1l I h.ld 
g.lIhcred In three hours 01 work. I could 
pKk .lI1d l hO<.lse quote,> l>(lll1e tlllle;, 
Irllll1 the "'lIlle person) ,lI1d color the 
swry all) II'a) I wanted to . I chtlse 
lI1,te,ld to ·cr.lp the story allllge ther. 

Finding the man 
on the street 

Wo 
J J I 

WM-PS 
WAI.I{MAN® PM STEREO CASSE1TE PIAYEIl 

• Sturdy. water-resistant case 
• Disc-drive cassette player resists instablUty caused 

by jogging 
• Built-In FM tuner 
• Ultra-mini MDR-type earphones 

® 

See ODe of the Bat Selectlona 
Televisions. Portable Radios. Watchman lVs 

Beta Hi-Fl. Shortwave Radios. Walkman Products 

Complex Calculations 
Have Never Been 
So Easy . .. 

The HP-71 

Trust your complex 
calculations to the Hp·7L 
A special built-in calculation 
mode takes control to give 
you fast solutions, Key in 
your equation as easily as 
you read it . from left to right. 
And, program in BASIC. For 
solutions the easy way, get 
the HP-7L 
List Price $525 
NOW $399 

UNIVERSITY 
BOOKSTORE 
COMPUrrER 

CENTER 

"-

" ~ 
~ 
1 
:5 

J 

7726 Pay AWllae, La Iou. 
459-3636 The Discount Computer Store 

SALES SERVICE RENTALS 452-4291 

Jobs, mon()~ nnt UCSD p-riorities UCSDvs. USA 
Survey ofewI ent 
Freshman Values 

The foUowing is a comparison of freshmen 
sentiments at the national level versus those here 
at UCSD. All figures represent percentages of 
respondents who considered the objective listed as 
"essential" or "very important." 

UCSD freshmen: 
liberal or conselVative? 

1983 
NadonaJ 
Swvey 

1984 
UCSD 
SUrvey 

By SHARON SOGOMIAN 

A national survey on freshman values recently released hy the American Coundl on Education .1I1d UCLA II1dicatcd that nnanci,,1 
success was or utmost importance to entering 
collegians in 1983. However, ror a simil'lr poll at 
UCSD , freshmen ranked "developing a meaningrul 
philosophy or life" first on their list of essentIal 
objectives. Bemg very well-off finanCIally , r.lIs lng a 
lamily and heing successful in a personal husiness 
followed closely in importance. 

72.5 

69,3 

66.1 
61.7 

55.2 

49.6 

44.1 

40,6 

30,7 
30,3 

22.1 

21.2 

14.5 

13.9 

12,0 
11.8 

11.2 

Becoming an authority in 
my field 

Being very well-oft" 
financially 

Raising a family 
Helping others who are in 

difficulty 
Obtaining recognition from 
my colleagues for contribu-

tions to my special field 
Being successful in a 
business of my own 

Developing a meaningful 
philosophy of life 

Having administrative 
responsibility for the work 

of others 
Influencing social values 

23.5 

60.0 

56.5 
38.8 

32,9 

41.1 

50.1 

20.0 

23.5 
Helping to promote racial lIB 

understanding 
Participating in a 10.6 

community action program 
Being involved in programs 7.1 
to clean up the environment 

Making a theoretical 9.4 
contribution to science 
Influencing the political 7.0 

structure 

Creating artistic work 15,3 
Becoming accomplished in 9.4 
one of the performing arts 

Writing original works 22.4 

The results of the UCSD survey are also surpnsll1g 
when compared to the national survey which 
portrayed freshmen as extremely career oriented. For 
example, one out of two freshmen surveyed st..l ted that 
he was attending college for "an education" while three 
out 01 four freshman in tht: national survey said that 
their motive was '" to get a better job: UCSD student, 
were more interested in "learning about Iile" than in 
developing career skills. 

UCSD freshman were decidedly liberal 111 their 
opinions on social issues which were also covered by 
the c.lmpus poll . A me.lger 5% of the stud ents polled 
agreed tha t "the activities of marned women are hest 
confined to the home and family." Most students 
replied with an emphatic '"No!" while a few said that it 
"depended on the case." 

Indeed , many fre shmen found it dillicult to give a 
strong opinion on several SOC ial concerns, espeCially 
the question of sexual activ\{y early in a relationship. 
Threc out of four students agreed that "it is all right for 
a couple to sleep together even if they've known each 
other for only a shorr time." However, of the remaining 
25%, m<l n)' said that "it depends on the couple" or 
'" the circumstances." Of the 25% that disagreed with 
sex early in a relationship, 95% were women. 

In addition , two Out of three Ireshmen said (hat '"a 
couple shvuld live together for some time bel ore 
dccidll1g to get married." This issue was supported by 
both sexes equally. Those who disagreed called hvmg 
together hefore marriage "a copout"' and "hnancwlly 
and emotionally dangerous." Over 50% of lhose who 
supported the issue did not include ralsll1g a family 1I1 
thm top five objectives in Ii fe . 

The national survey was previously pubHshed by 
The Washln8ton Post, The UCSD survey was 
conducted by the GuardIan. 

When asked what pnority they gave to political 
involvement, 62% of the UCSD freshmen surve),ed said 
\{ was '" moderately important to them to keep up with 
political alhms· while 30% said It was very Important. 
Many suggested that they would like to kcep up on the 
issues hut either have no time or no incentive. Twenty-
five percent stressed the importance of hclpll1g to 
promote racial unde rstanding, paniCipating in an 
community action program and being involved 111 
programs to dean up the environment. 

01 the UC D Ircshll1r11 who partlcipatcd 111 thc poll , 
there was no great tendency to either Side 01 the 

SOFT CONTACT LENSESI 
in 
most cases 

INCLUDES: 
Contact lenses, examination, 
patient training, follow up, 
chemical care kit and fitting, 
EXTENDED WEAR LENSES 
ONLY $165.00 

THE CLASSICAL EYE 
DR. ROBERT HELLER OPTOMETRIST 

La Jolla Village Square 
( Insid e the Mall; Lower Level ) 

8657 Villa La Jolla Drive . Suite 136 
45i-7374 

Hydrocurve extended wear lenses available. 

Sand." 1'1." 20 
10 •• -4pm 
$11 .dalt. 
$6 child .. e. 

IAllOA ' Alkl< 
E ~~ h many MIW otIl'OCIIOf'll 00Ic00a ~ 1'10, 
101 OI'It'f-ttom 11"otot"" 10 ~ 10 11'0101IQ,.al 
ICKlktIlPlo Doy..,.If'IC\Idto~.IoIUIO""""'Cllo'llw~ 

gnIOCbOt'6OV011ot111o_hon~"".~~ 
lot~ ~l""&'Cb 
W"~lO 11'_..... '\' .0I0IIb ,.~ 

OCT 
carn_ ... o reallon 

political spectrum. Thll1y-one percent 01 the students 
ch.lrJClenzcd thcmst:lvcs as conservative , 25% as 
liberal and 36% said they fell into the "middle or the 
road" category. The remaining freshmen were either 
apathetic politically or declined to answer. 

A substantial knowledge of computers was expressed 
by the freshmen surveyed. ApproXimately 50% said 
they had wriucn a computer program , while 38% 
reported wking a computer-assisted course, either at 
UCSD or earlier. 

Muir College Dean Chips Dreilll1ger thmks the 
vhjectlvcs given by the UC D freshman as bCll1g most 
Impommt are "truthful" but may change as they 
approach their senior year. Drelhnger said , "I think Ii 
you surveyed the same number 01 students 1I1 two or 
three years, as they get doser to the world beyond 
graduation , they may need to tuck their idealism 
hehind them and worry more about makmg a living, 
nor necessarily ahout raising a family. Students don't 
cOll1e to UCSD the way they may come to some state 
colleges. with finding a spouse as th eir primary 
objective." 

In terms 01 political issues, Dreilinger pOinted to the 
re,ults from the AS dections in which voters were 
encouraged to indicate who they Will vote lor in the 
1984 presidenti'll election . The results were 37.6% of 
the students voting for ReJgan, 344% 01 the vote 
garnered hy Han, Democratic hopeluljackson winning 
17.5% at the polls, and a small fraction of 10.4% won 
by Mondale . 

The MUir College Dean sees a trend to these results. 
"In some ways, the whole country land UCSD may be 
going along with thi sl is bccoming more conservative," 
he said. Dreilinger does nor led the change has come 
ahout recently, however. "1 haven 't seen a remarkable 
change in the last nve years ," he st.ned . '"There seems 
to he u very hell-shaped curve here lo r politlc..l1 values, 
and most people lall very dose to the middle and 
ahout equ.ll numbers lall toward the Ilew IIHiIw lor and 
equal numbers f.lll toward the Cafyornla Review. There's 
no bulge 111 either direc tion that I can think 01 and 
there's no shift 111 the last few years that I can thll1k 01 
enhcr, except a slow trend over .1 20-ye.lr penod 
towards <.:Onservatislll,"' Dreillnger concluded. 

Revellc College ReSident Dean Judith Edwin sees .1 
change in Ihe freshman classes during the last ,even 
years. She says Ireshmen today are generally 1110re 
"broadminded" and less inclined tv take a narrow 
approach to Issues. She also sees some political and 
soctal changes In the new UCSD students. Edwll1 said, 
"People are nor as II1volved as they have heen . They're 
stili conservative , but they're looking lor much morc 
dlrectlllI1 poliucally." She added, "I see , SOCially, the 
students are much more mature, in the sense of their 
sodal skills." 

~1~ 
~"::> 

Sign up and detailS at x4007 
Canyonview Administrative Officos 
Deportment 0/ Ptwslcal Education 



Attention 
All Student 
Organiza tions 
First 5 weeks budget info: 
- Budget requests due by 4:30 pm on 
Friday, May 25 (Next Friday) 
- Hearings, May 28 thru May 30 
(Times to be posted in Marietta's 
Office) 
- Appeals on May 29. 

ote: Budget forms must be turned in to Marietta 
BEFORE signing up for a hearing. Remember, this is 
for the first 5 weens ONLY! (Don 't forget the Bizarre 
Bazaar) Any questions ca ll x4083. 

. -:.:-: ' .... 

Attention Alternative Medias 
Submit budgets to Ken Cariffe, 

Commissioner of Communications 
now for review. 

This week 's International Fireside 
"Peacemaking in the Arab/ Israeli Conflicts: Problems 

and Prospects" with Dr. Janice Stein, University of Toronto 
Political Science Professor, Specialty in Middle East and 
International Politics , UCSD visiti ng professor in Political 
Science . Tuesday, May 15 at 7:30 pm. Free Admission and 
refreshments . All discussions held in the UCSD 
International Center Lounge . Gilman Drive and Hutchison 
Way. Sponsored by the UCSD International Club -
International Center 452-3730. 

Get your Stanley Kaplan's right here! 
Get ready for the 2nd Stanley Kaplan Auction. 

Wednesday, May 23 at noon on the Revelle Plaza. Our last 
buyer saved $75 .00 on his MCAT! Sponsored by Pre-Law 
Education Association . 

KSDT. . .your campus radio station is 
looking for creative mind~. Studen~s 
looking for media expenence thIS 
summer should drop by the station 
Thursday between 10 and 12 pm for 
more details. 

$ WANTED $ 
5 Student Directors 

For 1984-85 
If you are interested in: a chance to help students further th.eir 
ca reer aspirations; a fun work environment; exposure to the Job 
market nationwide; hands-on managerial experience; 
developing a rapport with professionals throughout the 
country; the opportunity to work with one of the most 
sLiccessful student-run operations on campus. 

A.S.I.O. Needs You! 
Application Deadline - noon, May 21 

To apply, get a job referral slip 
from the Student Employment office 

For more information contact the Associated Student 
Internship Office at 452-4689. 

ASian/ Pacific Student Alliance is having an 
Asian Women Workshop 

"What does it mean to be Asian & Women?" 
Wedensday, May 16 at 4 pm 

in the North Conference Room. 

Get your flowers now for the big dance 
Order your corsages and boutonnieres NOW for the AlI-

campus Semi-formal!!! Flowers on sale on Revelle Plaza 
thru this Wednesday only, so hurry and place your orders. 
For more information call x4689. Sponsored by the 
Associated Students Internship Office. 

Mechanical Engineering Club Lecture 
"Fusion Blanket Heat Transfer Analysis" is the topiC of 

this week's lecture. The speaker is Clement Wong, a 
research engineer for GA's Fusion program which is 
developing the Tokamak fusion reactor. Wednesday, May 
16 at 7:30 pm in UH 2102. 452-8330 or x6562. 

Graduate School Infonnation Session 
A faculty/ graduate student panel will discuss the nature 

of graduate study at th~ Ph .D. and .Ma~t~r's level. G~oup 
discussion follows - time to ask mdlvldual questions . 
Wednesday, May 16 from 4-6 pm in HL 1402. Presented by 
SAM and Career SelVices Center. 

Che Cafe Happenings 
Daily Specials like curry, quiche and pizza. More All You 

Can Eats on Wednesdays - special deal- $3 .00 from 5-7 
pm with live jazz! 7th week: Tostadas & Spanish rice . 

NOTICE - We need conscientious people to work 
security for events and to post flyers/ banners. $1.50 per 
hour food credit. Please call or come by. 

Note to Student Organizations 
Please direct all questions or problems 
pertaining to the AS Bulletin to Bob Ames, 
Commissioner of Public Relations at the AS 
office 452-4450. 

Commuters Commuters Commuters Commuters 

University Center 
Infonnation Session 

May 15 from 12-1 pm 
North Conference Room 

Come find out about the student referendum that 
you will be voting on . Make an informed choice 
about a future student center. Check this out! 

Commuters Commuters Commuters Commuters 

Attention students: 
Your involvement is critical with the 

As Council!!! Drop by the AS. new ., A fore Offices above EDN or m , 
. d Dont information. Act to ay. . . 

delay!!! 

The Associated Students would 
like to extend a giant thank you to 
Sue Lewis for making this year's 
Sun God Festival a reality and a 
tremendous success! What a hero. 
The Sun God Festival Committee wishes to thank 
the following people for building the booths: 

Ken Cariffe, Mike Doneveil, Mark Katz, Andrew 
Keeler, David Hoffman, Bryan lee, Mike Lerner, 
Todd Tenge, John Trumpler, John Steinmeyer 
and Ron Carlson for his design. 

Their help was invaluable and our appreciation is 
beyond words. Thank you very much. 

Rock out with the Simple Minds 
KSDT 95.7 FM cable, 540 AM at UCSD dorms, and 

Southland Concens present a Simple Minds Video 
Extraordinaire. One and a half hours of live conceptual and 
never before seen videos of the inimitable Simple Minds. 
Free, Friday, May 25 at the UCSD Pub at 7:30 pm. Posters 
and albums to be given away, plus a grand prize of two 
passes to the live gig on May 16 at the Fox Theatre. 

Black Graduation Ceremony 
"The Architects of the 21st Century" cordially invite you 

to their Black Recognition Ceremony on Sunday, June 3, 
1984 in the lnternational Center at 1:30 pm. Reception to 
follow. For more information, please contact Marcia Strong 
at x4090. 

Need an escort across campus? 
The UCSD escort service w rks 365 days a year from 5 pm to 1:30 

am. Community ervice Officers are radio dispatched and there is 
no charge. 452-4360. 



10 ,\1(/\ H . 1"8-1 
NEWS 

Guardian Elections 
Guardian lections 

The following positions will be open to all UCSD students. Any qualified 
persons are encouraged to apply. 

IN ADDIT10N TO O THER DUTIES, THESE POSIT10NS ENTAIL: 
EDITOR-IN-<:HIEF: Responsible for the overall opera-

tion, content and format of The UCSD 
Guardian. Chooses (upon approval) the '84-
'85 Executive Staff and approves hiring of staff 
writers, photographers, illustrators and 
contributing editors. Presides over Executive 
and Editorial boards and conducts all 
meetings. Represents the newspaper on 
campus and in the community. 

MANAGING EDITOR: Responsible for the efficient pro-
duction of the newspaper. Establishes and 
enforces all deadlines. Supervises layouts to 
ensure they contorm to standards of tormat. 
Establishes and maintains intemship and 
group study programs. Assumes the duties of 
the Editor-in-Chiet in his/her absence. 

COPY EDITOR: Responsible for editing for grammar, 
punctuation, content, and style all articles 
submitted for publication. Also responsible for 
insuring no libelous and/or tasteless material 
reaches publication. 

NEWS EDITOR: Determines areas of coverage and in-
sures adequate coverage ot newsworthy 
events at UCSO. Must develop a full writing 
staff and maintain a file ot published stories. 

OPINION EDITOR: Responsible tor the page devoted to 
the free expression of ideas. Must be able to 
accommodate all political/religious/moral 
persuasions. Must maintain a file ot published 
stories. 

SPORTS EDITOR: Responsible for covering sports on 
campus and when appropriate, the 
community. Must develop own writing staff 
and maintain a file of published stories. 

ARTS EDITOR: t<esponsible for covering the arts on 
campus and when appropriate, the 
community. Must develop own writing staff 
and maintain a file of published stories. 

FEATURES EDITOR: Responsible for articles of human/ 
general interest that are not appropriate for 
news, sports, opinion or arts section. Must 
develop own writing staff and maintain a file 
of published stories. 

PHOTO EDITOR: Responsible tor developing a compe-
tent staff of photographers and organizing an 
efficient system tor assigning and processing of 
photographs. Must maintain an organized file 
of published photographS. 

OTHER: Applicants are vvelcome to create their own pos-
itions provided that they would be 
appropriate to the needs of the '84-'85 staff as 
deemed by the new Editor-in-Chief. 

ALL APPLICANTS MUST BE RESPONSIBLE, ORGANIZED, 
MATURE AND REUABLE. ALL EDITORIAL POSInONS ARE 

PAID. 

All applicants should submit THEIR OWN TYPED applications which 
should include a cover letter describing yourself, your related experience, 
the amount of time you are willing to commit to The Guardian, and an idea 
of what you would like to accomplish or see the newspaper accomplish 
while you are a staff member. Also include a resume and any references you 
may have. 

DO NOT CALL THE GUARDIAN OFFICE FOR ADDInONAL 
INFORMATION. 

APPLICATIONS FOR EDITOR-IN-CHIEFARE DUE 8YNOON MONDAY, 
MA Y 21. NO LATE APPLICATIONS WILL 8E ACCEPTED. Applicants for 
editorial positions must be available for interviews the vveek of May 29 
through June 1. 

APPLICATIONS FOR ALL OTHER EDITORIAL POSITIONS ARE DUE 
NOON TUESDAY, MAY 29. NO LA TEAPPLICA TlONS WILL8EACCEPTED. 
Applicants for editorial positions must be available for interviews the week 
of May 29 through June 1. 

Editor-in-Chief elections will take place all day WedneSday, May 30. Any 
persons interested in being electors must submit a letter of intent by noon, 
Thursday, May 17. A list of approved electors Will be posted Monday, May 
21. 

Staff approval of the '84-'85 staff will take place at the Executive Board 
meeting Friday, June 1. 

PLEASE DEUVER AU APPUCATIONS AND LETTERS OF 
INTENT IN PERSON TO THE GUARDIAN BUSINESS OFFICE. 

The 1111 God Festival Jcatul'~d l1Ia llY fOl' l1IS of cntertainmCIlt. Hac ' I member of UCSD 's 
Inca/ldance tro up, thc Bogus Breake rs , performs Jor thc crowd. 

Sun-shining success 
ron tlllucd from page J 
Don't let those bottoms touch! 

After only a few calls, the playe rs loo k-
ed like break dancers in frozen motion . 

"Right foot red!" 
A paIr of players dropped out. 
Several cans went by without incid e nt , 

and on e of the o ffiCIals became 
impatient. He spied an Impossible spot 
for one player to reach. 

"Right hand green." he called. 
The unlucky player twisted, strained 

and stretched. Legs sprawled , body 
twisted and anns crossed, he reached 
the spot, but before the next call , he 
groaned and fell in a heap. 

Another olTicial raised the remaining 
player's hand and declared "We have a 
winner!" 

Of the people the Guardiall sUlVeyed, 
everyone mentioned the dunking booth 
as a favo rite attrac ti on of the Festival. 

Dunkees included some professors. 
AS members, a chief of police and 
others. 

From his precarious seat within the 
boOth . Dr. Bert Kobayashi heckled the 
man with the softball. 

The first pitch was wobbly and off to 
the side . Kobayashi seemed secure on 
his perch. Suspended over the chilly 
water, protected by a chicken wire 
screen, his heckling mcreased . 

The second pitch was also wobbly, 
but sadly for Kobayashi , on ta rget. 

Kobayashi 'S heckling was abruptly 
ended with a splash. 

A shivering and wet police chief, John 
Anderson, was in the dunking booth 
when the Guardian talked to him . He 
said he thought the Festival was 
"fantastic ." He added, however, that he 
wished he was being dunked in a hot 
tub instead . 

When asked how he was selected for 
dunkmg duty , he Said that his entire 
depanment volunteered him. 

SCOtt Latker, a Revelle junior, would 
lIke to see a nother dunkmg booth, a 
longer thrOWing distance and "more 
fresh people" to dunk next year. He 
would pa rti cularly like to see more 
professors available for dunking. 

"If I could dunk Dr. Spinweber, I'd 
pay a buck a ban," he said. 

There were a few complaints about 
the Festival. A common complaint was 
that everything, including food , required 
game tickets, which meant standing in 
line at the o nly ticket booth . The booth 
a lso sold T-shirts and raffle tickets, 

At times the line at the ticket booth 
was more than 50 or 60 people lo ng. 

The operation of the TG beer line was 
the biggest ta rget of complaint. O ne line 
was required for hand stamping and a 
second lin e for actual beer distribution . 

Said one person who wished to 
remain anonymous, "It's a good thing 
the beer's free." 

Hazardous products: 
glue, magic markers 
By DON WIGHT 

Killer art supplIc, - II sounds like 
<;clencc iI ctlon. Inn It I~ rcal. M,I I1 Y 
common a n .upp lIcs, includ ing whlle-
out. rubber cement and permanent 
magic marker,. h.lve bcen proven to 
cont,lIn hazarullu> chem icals 1 he"e 
dlell1Kals pll.,e a " Ign I1IL31ll health 
h,lz.lru to the IIvcr . lungs ,Ind c:cntr.tl 
nervous s>'stell1 . 

I he prohlem IS tWO Ioid . flrsl , 
consumers oltcn arc not aware 01 the 
d.lllgn bCL'Ill"C 01 lIlaue4u<1te labelIng. 
I he pre"elll IahelIllg .tandard, .lre 
unc:lc.lr .mu lI11Sle.ldl ng. For l'>-:.tmpk . 
the 'llllll-tllXIC" 1.lhel on/) l11e.Ill' Ill at 
Illgl'S tl lln 01 the product wIl l llot GlU,e 
IIllJ11CUI .IIC de,lth . It ulle, nllt lI1lilLClle 
pOSSible long term he.llth u,ll1ger, "Ul h 
a, l .ll1el'[. gl'l1l'lIC d.II11,lge .tnU birth 
uc!eu'>. 13) thc"c "t,ll1d ,lrlb. ,I"he,to,> 
,I kno\\ 11 c:arlll1llgell - clluld he I.lhdcc.J 
llUI Hll' Il . 

cllll1d . c\'en II pnlpcrl)' 1.lhl'lcu. 
thl''': prouull, "till Clll1,lI tllle ,I ,eln,' 
pr,lhlC I11 111 p llhill SL hll,,1 dJS"mllll1 . 
I hest' l he'I11 IL,II, plN: the grc.ltc .t Ihre.1t 

10 young c hiluren. 
In re'>pollse to this prohlcJ11 , tWO bIlls 

ha ve heen II1tmduccd lrl the alIiorllla 
:'tatc Legislature. u ne hi ll wllLdd set 
cOl11prehensi ve labeling ~til nd ilrds lor all 
,Ir( suppllcs. rhe other \Voud hl1111 the 
use o[ known haz.lrdous produl't~ In 
elementary sc haul d,lssrollm . 

. tudcms worklllg With Cali'l RG h.lvc 
hCl'n aCIlI'C ly lohbyi ng In thc ,uppon 01 
thc;,c hIl i, Due [() student cllort5, bot h 

hdl~ arc movIng through the COl11m ltlce 
proce~s . I he)' Wl'rC rcce ntl)' pa,~ed 111 
pnlIL )' (,'I11I11I11ee lln H-O anu 1- 1 1'1lIC' 
respeLllvciy. I he neXl vote \1'111 he In Ihe 
Assclllbl)' W,I),' and Me.lI1, C,'llll11lt1Ce, 

.. IlIticnh call 1Il1P,lc t the Legls/,ltor\ 
pO~ ltllll1 : ~.lld McI.lnle Slngcr. the 
mnrlill1,lIllr 01 thl' C dl'lRG Inh/) II1g 
ellol'[ ,II UC'l1) "We e ncouragc all 
stude 111. III "Till' their Ll'g!,l.Itors." 
C.d l'II{(J \l'dl h.lVc ,I tahk III Revelle 
1'/,1;:.1 '1l1 I Ul'~d,I) . Wed ne~a)' and 
I hllr,d,I)' 01 thiS \l'eek . I'll~tl ,\l d" 
"II n pic ktte I, .Illd ,t,ltllllleIY wIll he 
.1I·,III.lhk .It the t.lble 

Woman on Ice 
By DAVID AMNON 

It was a cool ea rl y day, cooler than it 
had been for awh ile . The sun was out, 
but the air remained chilled , and a few 
traces of small white clouds could be 
seen in the distance. He noted thiS as 
he was getting on his bicycle to leave 
for work. The timing was right , he 
thought. It was the rainy sea on's tum to 
give wha t II could. 

He was in the Army and would be 
gelting out in a week. He wore the 
white unifo rm reserved for medics and 
cooks. rhe whi te stuck out In a mass of 
Army green, and often he would be 
asked by someone If he was a medic or 
a cook. When he would tell them , there 
was usually a joke to follow about 
bedpans or urinals He tried not to get 
too dcfensiv.e, and had learned just to 
remark that he gave the best bedpan 
around. He implied that there was an 
an to it. and thiS he believed himself. 

He hked riding his bike to work. He 
didn't have to salute any oOicer while 
rid ing nor did he have to wear a hat . 
with his ullIform . Most of all, the greatst 
pleasure was the wind. He could 
imagine his hair long as the Wind 
seemingly pulled on it and stretched it 
out. The air streaming past him had 
speCial meaning. It was the same air 
that others who were walking felt, but 
he fdt it differently. To him . it was wmd 
which he felt pushing against his body. 
his hair blowing back in one di rection. 
To others, the air was fairly still , 
occa ionally blowing pan of their hair in 
this d irection or that. To him, the wind 
was proof that common , Simple thmgs 
could become unique JUSt for him . 

His job was unique to him, too. Once 
he got to work and parkeu hiS bike. he 
was allowed to change [rom his stilT 
white uniform IntO scrub greens . He 
worked in an intensive care unit and 
carcd [or seriously ill patients. The qm 
there was specialized, and se ldom did 
he havc to divide his attention between 
more than two patients. He felt that he 
could become closer to his patients and 
give more personalized care. He was 
allowed to wear the sCnIb greens 
because there was even mor~ dirty SCLlt 
work IVlIh seriously III people who 

couldn't do much , if anything. for 
themselvcs than with those who could 
get out of bed and walk to the bathroom 
to wash , No Army regulations were 
written on how scrub gree ns were to be 
worn. since they weren't considered a 
uniform. He could wear tennis shoes In 
them and did n't have to display any 
symbol of rank o n them. He had more 
scut work to do than others did , but he 
found that he had gotten to know many 
a person over a bedpan or two. He was 
green m a mass of hospital whi te. 

The hospital seemed quieter than 
usual as he wa lked from the locker room 
where he had c hanged clothes to the 
small room where he worked on the 
Sixth floor . Gail , another medic , was 
wailing for him by the door of the unit; 
there were no patients there . It had 
been a slow night. The shift wasn't over 
yet, but there was no report for Gail to 
give him since there were no patients , 
He told her to leave early. He called the 
emergency room to sec If there were any 
possible ddmlsslons for the unit. They 
told hlln It was quiet, but looked II ke It 

Are You Undecided 
About Your 
Major? 
Tuesday, May 15 
10:30 . 12:00 
North Conference Room, Student Center 
Still undeclared about your major? This workshop will give YOll a 

systematic way to inves tigate UCSD' 24 majors, to learn more 
about your skills, intere, t , and goals, and to cons ider the 
occu pational possibilities for the major that best fit you. A student 
panel , academic advisors, and repre ntat ive' from Career 
Planning and P lacement will be there to help wi th your case of 
"undeclareitis. " 

was start ing to pick up. He waited . 
The unit was small. JUSt one part of 

the whole ho,ptial. To hlln , the 
equipment and machines there were 
familiar, though others who \vorked 
elsewhere in the hospital had seen them 
only once or twice and were a little 
a fraid of them and were intimidated by 
them. He had a casual relationship with 
that sma ll room on the corner of 
the six th floor. He enjoyed the quiet 
as he checked the equipment and 
the readiness of the room for a patient. 
All was set. He opened a window 
and the wind blew in . It was early 
afte rnoon , and It was overcast and 
colder. The clouds had made It 
there , and darker, larger ones followed . 
This was his world, and he liked it, 
too. 

It tarred to ralll small drops, and he 
closed the window. Richard . the nurse 
he was working with , wa~ in the break 
room ne,'(t door, since there wasn 't any 
work 10 d o. Richard had been 
complaining about It being such a slt,w 
da), and how he thought It would never 

end. The medic had to Stay in the unit 
ince it was supposed to be manned at 

all times. He couldn't watch TV with 
Rich . He watched the wi ndow instead . 
Lightning flashed powerfully III the 
distance. Loud thunder followed . and he 
heard Rich curse the weather. He 
thought of his bike in the rain outside, 
but knew it was time. The ground was 
thrlsty. rhe phone rang. Richard came 
In and answered it. An admiSSIOn was 
coming. It was time. 

A young woman about hiS age came 
up on a stretcher escorted by doctors 
and nurses. he was fighting for her 
breath , every muscle In her chest pulling 
in air but not being satisfied . He helped 
her from the stretcher to the bed .1Ild 
started explallling each thlllg that 
everyone was so hurriedly doing to her. 
Putting oxygen masks on her. Taklllg 
her blood pressure. Connecting her to 
mOnItors to watch her heart . Sticklllg 
her with needles to ur.lw blood or give 
her flUids and rnedlGlIlOnS he was 
ternfled. She couldn't breathe, and 

I'hhl' /IInJ W /hlgl' 12 

BARBEOUING WORKSHOP 

campus recreaUon 

DA~'[QUIMCI 
TN!.') ~ WOItWIop willnduIH! bm.\( tv. KOftINjI dpI 
eking \oIrfIItI~ , ~'*-' and f'qUipI'Mf'C . ...,. 
wi 9'11~. pc!'Auy and bftf . IIFlCI ~ 
cooking t~ ~ pod.oqe ~ 
"',,,.., l . 10.--1..... atO 

Saturda y M a y 19 
10am- lpa 

$10 

Sign up and details at x4OJ7 
Canyonvfew Administrative Offices 
Department 01 Phvslcal Education 



Ice WOl11an 
"lIUIIW,".I )/tllli I"'~l' II 
groups 0 people were hovenng L)\-Cr her 
as she felt th em lrLlwd her and tJke up 
the air she 0 desperatcly needed . Alter 
a httle whJle, [he doctors kit to plan 
what th ey could do lor her. RIChard left 
to stan the chanin p.lperwork The 
other nurses went b.lCk to the 
emergency r m The), t,llked of a r.tre , 
dead I}' disease 

he wa beautiful Her body was 
nicely shaped with long, str'lIght bro\\ n 
hair extendrng to her lower back . He 
looked elt her face ciosd}' He would be 
\\1th her for a while and would have to 
be lookrng dosely he had brown cyes 
With golden ftlke of Intelhgence Jnd 
warmth belllg pushed back by lerror-
drlated pupIls. She had JUSt corne b.lck 
from the Phihppines where she had 
been bitten by a tick and was now 
rapidly devcloplllg a severe pneumonl.1 
Fluid \\a~ bUIlding up III her lungs . • lI1d 
she couldn't bre,l(he h.~\Tr lO nsLimed 
her 

Much h.ld bee n done to her In .1 Ie\\ 
hour . Little helped. )he lought [or Jlr 
he could nl)! speak for btr of \\'a::.t IIlg 

breath. It was d I f( !Cult (0 [(:11 her 
omethlllg or keep her attention lor 

long. he had more Important things to 
worry about , hke breathlllg. It was 
difficult to re.lssure her. lie tried . Fever 
raged . he was exhausted . 

He prepared to wash her off 10 cool 
her down. She wa~ put on a co ling 
blanket. he fought to breathe but the 
flgh l was weak ; she was med . 

Richard complained about how busy 
11 had become. He and Richard look at 
her a moment or tWO from the foot of 
the bed . She was ve ly beautiful , that \Va, 
easy to sec. Richard remarked to hlln 
about what a sexy body she had . He 
thought so, too. and wanted to agree. 
bUI when he looked from her to 
RIChard , he saw J strange smile he 
didn't Wish to encourage. He 
remembered the perspective of the 

wind. He 10 ked at her - limp, tired 
,md stili beauti fu l He sa\\' p,lIn , Wl): ,Ind 
wond ered \\ h,1l he could do. 

He ,lurteU to ",a~h her. CUI wurk I Ie 
wJnted to know ",h.lt to S,l )' to rea,SlIrc 
her, sOll1cthmg magical perh'lps. tlglC 
and mL'dlCtnC wcren'l ~uppuseu to miX , 
though . I Ie Wiped the weat of( 01 her 
lore head anu lelt a cool r,lgc there Her 
eyes wcrc doscd, ,IIIJ "hc dlun 't 
re pond to hlln . lie wa~hed drops 01 
uned bluou 011 01 where she hau been 
stuck II'l th 11l~('dlcs . He pulled her nllll' 
sweelt-maued h,ur b.lck and ~tat1ed to 
hru"h II OUt m ord er 10 put II In eI pon), 
teltl 10 keep it out of the WJ)'. Her chest, 
with great el lon, rose and Ie II , rosc .md 
fell. but her face seemed to relax a IlIlk 
as he bnlshed . "Who IS she)" he 
Ihought. " hc sure likes her h,ur " He 
PUt lCepacks under ha armpits and on 
her groin to cool h(;'r dl)wn . l ie WJS 
\I'a.,hlng her leg anu hc felt her weakly 
try to help hlln lilt It. She knew he WJS 
there . cven th rough her agony Hc aid 
'Happy Birthday," s ince he had read In 
her chan th.lt yesterday wa, her 
bmhdJy. Shc was [WCnt)', hiS agc. Again 
her I,lce reb xed .I Imlc .lIld there was a 
srn,11I ' ll1r1e 

The doctors carne in and said 
nothing was helpll1g. They put a rubl' 
for bre.lthrng In her mouth. down her 
thro.1l to her lungs Jnd eonnel:teu her 
to a ventilator to breathe for her They 
sed.lted her heavily and she lJy 
crfortlessl), d ' a machtne be slue her bed 
gave her controlled, measured breaths. 

he was deep in a land of dreams. ow 
It would really be hard to know what to 
say to her, he realrzecl . he wouldn 't be 
able to talk with the breathlllg tube III 
her throat, but he knew he would stili 
be able to communicate with her. It 
would take some lime, though. ow she 
was too edated to respond , except to 
pull away from deep pain . Her husband 
eame Ill ; he was soaking weI from the 
rain. It was the end o f the shift. Hour 
had passed quickl}', and It was time to 
stan thlllkrng of riding home on a bike 
III the rain. He r husband hardly 
recognized her. hooked up to so many 
ma hrnes So many rubes corning from 

Roberts VW - VOLVO ® 914eVWeBMW 0~ ~ 
" _ , Audi Serv. \;III' 

German Car Specialists 
A II work fully guaranteed . Factory-Trained Specialist 

Monday·Friday 8 am . 5:30 pm • Saturday 8 am . 5 pm 

(619) 454·7823 
(619) 454·3705 
(619) 275·1132 

4630 Mission Bay Drive 
(1·5 to Balboa Exit) 

San Diego, CA. 92109 

* We use and recommend Kendall " Lubricallts 10 our customers * 

---------------------------------10% OFF 
On All Repairs* 

' (Except Motor & Transmission Overhaul) 
With This/ Coupon 

('\"01 I'Olid wilh allY ollter COUpoll) 

t-+---~ + J-+- ~ I I I 
f-+- - ~ Warren Commencement ,--t---

Speaker Auditions T-f-'T1 
H- -+- ... t I + t~ -.-t-t-Li t-~-:- +-t-t-lt'~"1~~t 1 I I I '-
1--,+ Graduating eniors -

, 

aud itions for the Senior Speaker at the -
-- - Wa/TCI1 CornrncI1CemCI11 Ceremony will be held t- . 1-
1--' ThursdclY, May 241h. - i-
i- -

i!1 ttll tfilrT ttr~I~'I' I I I ' I I I I I I 
Pick up details and ign up for audition ~- r- -
time~ at the Warren College Dean's Office t-+ 

no laler than 12 110011 on Wedllesday, May 2Jrd t .-
-l- +-

I (Bldg. 302 W.C). ror more information --~=t-I ca ll 452-6171 , -+-
1- .-l~tttJtlitiLLtJ~~ +. t 1- t t-~ ++ t tlL:JU-i-1-- -1-

hCIT , gorng 10 there . ' he hdd nOl 
IInprovcd . Ri chard talked to her 
husb,rnd a moment or so, pr peri)' 
consolltlg hlln . The mediC told her 
husb,lI1d !l) tJlk (0 her - thal l'vcn though 
~h e Lt) uldl'-t rc pond , , he \\\)uld 
prob,lbl) under~tand mme thun Il 
sl'cmeu . 

1 h ~ min Icll cold while he rock his 
bike hOll1e. fhc hack lire threw a hne of 
Illud up hiS back. He gO t horne and 
shook olT the drops 01 water, but he 
could n'r sh.lke off her. He had tried to 
help , but she hacln't Improved. he 
became much worse, even. He watched 
the rall1 come down 111 heets for hours. 
The sound of the rain played so long 
that Il was hardly noltceable anymore . 
Plants seemed beaten down . 

The next day was co ld and he had to 
wear .1 Jilcke!. The rain had stopped , but 
lull cloud~ were stili pre em. The ground 
\\".1S stili tr)'ing to cany olT water - It 
had man y Imni -streams running 
everywhere. Gall was walling for hlln 
when he arrived at work ThiS tillle, she 
\\,a,n 't by the door ' he was ,It the 

woman 's bedside. GailLOld him of the 
numerous things which had been done 
to the woman during the night. Her 
hean had stopped for a few minutes 
about an hour ago. Her lungs had 
collapsed and tubes gOi ng to suction 
bottles were sticking out of the sides of 
her chest to re-expand her lungs. Bright 
red secretions were seen in the tube III 
her mouth comi ng from aU of the fluid 

bullt up In her lungs. her hands \\ cre 
restraliled to Ihe SIC.icS 01 the bed to 
keep her frolll pulling OUI any of the 
tubes dUring a momcm of panic. 
Nothing helped . She was worsening, 
,md nl) one knew what else could be 
clone. He had never seen someone 
detenorate so qUickly when 0 mu ·h 
was belllg clone lor them. 

Gail was upset because the woman 
hadn 't been cleaned up yet, but there 
h,ld been no time for it. Garl offered to 
sta), late and help hun clean her. He 
told Gall to go home , that she had 
worked hard enough . Ills SClit work 
began. 

Her body was warm as he washed her 
off. but there was no response to hiS 
touch. He rolled her gemly from side to 
Side and l'hanged her linen. He got a 
special basin and washed her haIr. The 
pony tail had not held , and her long 
hair was tangled evelywhere. He 
bru hed It out. ' he ope ned her eyes. 
The}' were terror-ridden, and she pulled 
weakly on her restral nts. He re -
introduced himself to her and tOld her 
what each piece of cquipmem meam as 
her eyes questioned each thing they 
saw. He did this slowly as he braided 
her hair. She began to relax. He told he r 
she couldn't talk because of the rube III 
her throat, and told her to nod if she 
understood . She did . He asked her 
Simple questions which she could 
answer with a nod or a shake of her 
head. He found out mu h about her. He 
found out where she lived, that she had 
a two-year-old girl. She worked on 
computers and loved to swim. She 
preferred carnations to roses. He 
learned eve n more. He leamed some 
fa ial expressions and how they fit on 
her. Words became less and less 
needed . He learned a cenain look she 
had when she wanted water. She 
co uldn't have water, so he gave her ice-
chips and she would mouth the word 
"more" when she was finished with the 
last bite. She seemed to take great 
delight in the Ice . He gave he r more . 
This was SClit work 

plr«SL' turn lU page H 

Earn S300-500 or more per week. Outside sales. Work 
unsupervised. Los Angeles based wholesale 

manufacturer's rep is seeking five energetic, intelligent 
aggressive, highly motivated people to call on retailers 

with a brand new line of tee shirts and sweat shirts. 
Summer position with possible full-time opportunity for 

exceptional people. Automobile required. Call Ken 
Alper at (213) 746-4095 or write Mc;xrkettng Associates/ 

West, P,O, Box 55031, Sherman Oaks, CA. 91403 

HAIRCUTS $995 HAl DESIGNS PERMS $2495 
Includes: 

• Shampoo 
• Conditioner 

only 
Also Featuring: 

Curls, Relaxers and Waves 

Includes: 
• Shampoo 
• Conditioner 

only 

Using TeB Products With Specialists Willie or Ike 

OPEN 7 DAYS 
APPOINTMENT NOT NECESSARY 

UNIVERSITY TOWNE CEN RE - 455·0420 

May 14, 198'1 13 
PERSPECTIVES, : . 

• -:- .. ~' • <.. ~::.::;' '.. , ' '~.' ••• ~'~-w.,:;: _.. .... , ..:- .. '{";..::'" » .. ~ .. :r.If.. .. ~.. /<}.: N 

-. 

. ... ..: 
.... 

.. _ ' ,. .,.. _ J; 

, . ; . 
~~ .... ~ .... 

THE CHART ROUSI 
Steaks· Seafood· Prime Rib 

OPEN HOUSE AND 
PRESENTATION ON 

MANAGEMENT 
OPPORTUNITIES 

One Way --_Ii 
hom 

$327 
$409 
$330 
$479 
$389 
$409 

AT: The Chart House 
2588 S, Hwy, 101 
Cardiff By The Sea 

DATE: Saturday, June 9th 
nME: 10:30 - 12:30 
For further information call 
Richard or Diana 755-8281 

Ruundtrip 
From 

$583 
$778 
$549 · 
$699 
$758 
$778 

Eurail Passes Issue d on lhe S p ot! 

Call COUNCIL TRAVEL ( TEE) 
4-l1'i l ,'" " , 

-',1\1 J)IL');" . , \ 4~ II~I 452·0630 L l "t) "lud,'111 l "QIl'r fI ()~1 I., I, .11" l ,\ 4~(1'n 

LucasfilIll preIlliere for 
child abuse prevention 
By CHRISTOPHER CANOlE 

Indiana Jones strode through the 
emaciated dust-blown Village , seeing III 
the hollow hopeless eyes of the ~ldults 
the stare of no luture . for there were no 
children. Ind y pledged to help the 
chieftain bnng the chrldren back to the 
Village by findtng and returni ng to itS 
nghtful shrine the sac red -nak.Jra SlOne 
in the new adventure Jndlw1<t Jones and 
the Temple oj Domn, whleh Will prellllere 
Tuesday, May 22, at a specl,11 benefit for 
the hlld Abuse Prevention round.ulon 
of an Diego at the Loma Theater. 

Audiences across Amenca Will be 
exposed to the plight 01 children frolll 
Sn Lanka to M.Jeau. In underprivileged 
countries throughout the world, hrldren 
continua ll y suiTer due 10 their economic 
and environmental situations. Some of 
us will respond to this tragedy unaware 
that here 111 our bountiful country an 
alarming one million chIldren each year 
suffer abuses from their parents. In our 
eoul1lry, child abuse IS the leading cause 
of death among children five years old 
and younger, and in San Diego County 
alone, 26,000 cases of abused , molested , 
abandoned or neglected chidren were 
reponed in 1983. People of every socio-
economiC, religiOUS, cultural and racial 
background are potential abusers. 

The suffering of'children cannot be 
magically alleviated by either Wishing 
the problem away or pretending It Will 
not affect us personally, for one out 01 
every five rape victims IS under 12, and 

Huntridge Hairstyles 
Salon Prescription Center 

At Summerhouse Inn • La Jolla Shores 

WE'LL HELP 
YOU SAY IT 

WITH STYLE 
Our ITIl'n's hair deSign expens 

\\,111 help you m,lkc a pOSitive 
1.1 hlOn stJteml'nt With a d}nallllll' 
cut and thl: right RK product~ to 
keep your hJlr looklllg ternfic ,It 
homl' . Anu ,III In .In .Ilmospherl' 
th,1l m.lkes )'OU leel comfurtahle and 
cared lor. Call us rotl.IY. 

RK from K-1'REDKEN 
r-------------, 
I • Special Offer. I 
I b) q) '1 "I> I 
I Jallll'~ I-:l'il)' & ('l'.lri Ru~h 11l~ I 
I -h H I I ampoo . :.urCllt I 
I Condltionmg I 

: $10.00 : 
I ( (l1I1"'1 1 1'\]'11'" (, Ju H-I I L _____________ .I 

Recycle 
the 

Guardian 

more than 75% of Incarceraled 
murderers were found to hdve been 
severely abused as children . 

"For the past eight yedrS sltlce the 
hilcl Abuse Preve ntIon Foundation 

began here III San Dlcgo: sa id Norma 
Hirsh, preSident 01 the hlUndJtlon . "the 
loca l media hJve ,\vOided handling the 
IS ue because the}' con Ider it 100 gory." 
Though HIrsh hJS dlffrculty gemng the 
word to the public, her erfons have paid 
off: "S ince we work 10 have equipment 
donated more than money. those who 
are aware of the Found.lllon have 
donated equipment <Ind services, 
Including fret! phone and postage, 
clothing from local stores, land l a 
micros ope to verif)' the presence of 
sperm in rape cases." Even during this 
Interview, Hirsh received a call from 
someone donating an answering service. 

"Half of the phone ca lls 10 us are 
from a grandparel1l, aunt or uncle who 
talks to us for 20 minutes about the 
beatings and starvation they wlme s. But 
they will not call the pollee ," added 
Hirsh. A poster on a waU 111 Hirsh 's 
modest offi ce reads, "If you feel angry 
enough to hun a child, call 560-2191." 

UCSD studentS can JOIll Chancellor 
Richard Atkinson , a member of the 
Foundation's Board of Directors, in this 
struggle against ch rld abuse by 
purchaSing $20 tax-deductible premiere 
tickets at the campus box olTi ce Monda), 
through Fnday. 

Apple and IBM 
Join the Jet Set 

ThinkJet 
The Personal Printer 

from Hewle tt-Packard 

If you own an Apple or IBM 
personal computer, why not 
join the Jet Set? The Thillk/et 
Set. We are now offering a 
new printer from Hewlett-
Packard that gives ink-jet 
performance at an affordable 
price . The TlrillkJet Per onal 
Printer. Whisper-quiet at 
more than 1000 words per 
minute (ISO haracters per 
second). Come in ~ 
and join the Jet Set -
-today. ' 

Only r/,o- HEWLETT 
$425 ~~PACKARD 
UNIVERSITY 
BOOKSTORE 
COMPUTER 

CENTER 
The Di 'COltnt Computer lore 

452·4291 

-, 



To be wnsidered for Ihese <;cholarships. 
curren ll~ valued at $3. 160 for full· lime 
"udents and $2.291 lor part·lime 
sludents. contacl lodd BradlP'j. Dean of 
'itudents at (619)563' 73 10. Outside San 
Diego. call toll free on 1 (800)'-iAT- N1V. 
("\l. 110. or ",rite u, al National 

Ikpr(><;Pl1lative" on campus. May 16. 
<):30am-3:00pm. auo s from the gym. 

THREE YEAR QUICIi\ Buildlngr"rllenlc. 
FULL-TIME NATIONAL UNIVERSITY 
DAY PROGRAM School of Law-San Diego 

FOUR YEAR 
PART-TIME 
EVENING 
PROGRAM 

3580 I\ero (ourt. San Diego. CA <)2123. call 563·73 10 or call Toll Free I (800)NAT·UNIV. ext. 310 
\c I IPdllrd b\ ,h{' ( om mlllf'f' o f Bdl t \dmmr, ... 01 Ihr ~ldH' Bdr of ( dhfolnld 

ATTENTION! 
STUDENTS 

The Coursebook Dept. 
will begin returning 
SPRING QUARTER 

BOOKS 
Monday, May 14, 1984 

UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE 
Monday through Friday 
8:00 am to 4:45 pm 

Ice WOlllan 
<l'"IiIlIl'-,1 J. (1111 l"l~c' 12 

The ill:u \\',1> c!l:.lI1. and sh,' C('( med 
t:Oll1lorlahk I> Ing Ihere ~hl: ,l:_.lllle less 
and les rl:sponslve. In just Ihe couple 
01 hours that he hau been working. she 
shppcd Into a coma. Fever raged FlUid 
fill ed her lungs. he wa no longer 
lighting. Not ror lack 01 wIll did she 
SlOp righting as he h.ld seen others do 
who had laIn 1\1 the saille place ~he wa 
now. but ror lack 01 slrength . Energ)' 
had been d ra med OUt or her. he had 
fought well . He deemed her altitude 
go<x.I . He would uy to suction out some 
or the fluid lrom her lungs. but the flUid 
seemed to build up bster than he could 
suction \I out. He would have to PUt a 
small tube down the breathing tube in 
her throat and appl)' suction as he 
Withdrew Ihe smaller luhe. It was 
p,linrul. It would gag her and she would 
turn on a side and try to putt her head 
away. OtherWise he did not move . She 
diU not <lnswer. He would go to suction 
her agam "Who IS she?" he thought. 
and he would sa)' to her. ''I'm sorry:' as 
she gagged again . Otherwise she did not 
respond . not even ror Ice-chips. Soon 
the coma became so deep that she did 
nOl even gag an),more. 

It was [(me. A grand last-efron dance 
or science was done as doctOrs crowded 
,Irtlund to get her hean gomg agam. He 
had never seen someone die so quickly 
or pneumonia. She came in just 24 
hours ago so aware and terrified . She 
was beautirul. She was his age. She liked 
ice-chips and her hair. She was dead . 
He sensed It He wondered where her 
cons iousness weill. ir It still existed. He 
didn't know. He tried to taste the air ror 
ii, tried to reel With his mind lor some 
connection. He couldn't. He was thll·sty. 
He drank cool water <lnd felt a cold line 
or water run down his throat ro his gut. 
He had once Imagined how ice-chips 
had relt to her. He thought it was 
sllnllar to what he was now reeling. He 
relt a small connection, but not with her 
- It was hb connection to himselr. 
only what he imag\l1ed. only how he 
saw things. His connection ro the world. 
He mourned "Who IS she?" he thought. 
"I only knew her a rew hours." 

Her husband came up and was 
crymg. The mediC looked at her 
husband and relt his pam. The man)' 
questions her husband was asking 
himself about lire and death and 
meaning [he medic was also askmg 
hlmselr Her husband mourned her. 
Their illlimacy was over. Her husband 
dldn't know the details or SCll[ work . 
The medic did. The medic had to Walch 
her closely a~ ~he died . He saw evelY 
change her body went through. every 
Iieeting thought 01 panic seen m her 
e)'es. eve:)' painrul movement, every 
smile lor ice-chips and more . 

Att was qUiet. All the tubes were out 01 
her. her husband had gone hOllle to 
their child -he hed on Ihc bed on a 
clean sheet. lie knew death It was 
always strange anu utllicull to 
understand - questions ,IS ked but 
never really answered . [he rain outSide 
poured . It wa, qUlel inSide Ihe un it ; he 
hadn 'l re,lhud how lt~ed to the noise 01 
the Ill..tchmes he had become until now 
when Ihe machll1es were olr and silent. 
Il l' w<ltchcd her. Rlch,lrd callle up lrom 
behind and S,I IU , " ~uch a waste or a 
cute .ISS 

lie put her gently on a ~tret( her in 
order to take her to the Illorgue . The 
shtlt wa over Richard h"d left . 
lompla lnll1g about how busy it had 
becoille. rhe next shdt came and took 
over the unit. The mediC ~Iowly wheeled 
Ihe strctched to Ihe bJscment "Who I ~ 
she?" he a ked . Now he IV,IS ;JIst) ;Jskll1g. 
"Where IS shd" 

IIr rode hl'o hike hOllle slowl), 111 the 
r.\l11 lie W.lI1tl.'U to get ,I, wei ,I., he 
could lie wall led 10 led In "'("I1SC Ide. 
IIIlI de.nh . I k wuldn t lake III enc)ugh 
I hl.'lt: seemed J I,ht Clllptll1C"" .lIld ,111 
Ulh'IlI.lhlt" lhlr'ol " \hltc l he dcm,lI1ul."d 
ILe .:hIP, Idl Ir,1111 hl".IIl·1I ,I It beg.1Il \() 
h,11I 

May 1-1, 198~ 15 
. PERSPECTfVF.S 

.. ~ . ". h_ 

up. walk to the car. unlock the car. get 
111 the car. grab your backpack, get back 
out of Ihe car, lock the car. walk back to 
your chair. Sll down - what a hassle. 

Which way is the beach? 
You open your backpack. "My God -

how did that gel there?" Your backpack 
hds JUSt given birth . Yes, you're the 
proud parent or a bounclI1g baby 
Irisbee . How nice . 

You open your blo. book. "Who the 
hell is that?'" Look at your book. dammlt. 
"Chaptcr Seven: Nucleic ACIds anu DNA 
ynthesls " OK fine. I wonder how that 

rrlsbee got there . 

By PHIL LAUDER 
You have twO lectures today. BlOlog), 

ends at II; psych. stans al -I. In 
between arc five long hours - 100 much 
lime to waste. or cour e. You emerge 
rrom your bio. lecture when - nash! -
it has you. Sunshine. 850. Crystal dear 
skies. Another day in America's Finest 
City. 

And suddenly this urge creeps upon 
you, grabs you, shakes you, overpowers 
you, knocks you to the ground. As 
people step around you, you th ink, "My 
God. I don't want to go to the library." 

dried with the sun 's ilr t rays upon your 
eXIl or your blo leclllrc . With your 
subconSCIOus mll1d made up. It IS lerl to 
your conscIous mind to rationalize 
spendll1g the next several hours 
listening to seagulls and surr rather than 
library murmurs and high-pitched 
nuorescent lights. 

The most common method or 
rationaliz ing this Calirornia-rype 
decision is to pretend you'll ac tually get 
something beyond th iamine diamers out 
or going to the Shores. So you say to 

Now you 've su cceded. Your 
conscious and ubconscious are 111 
harmon), Your id and ego arc happ) . 
Your superego JUSt slashed ItS WriSts . 

"And over the hltt and down the road 
10 La Jolla Shores you go." 

You take a nght at the bottom or La 
Jolla Shores Drive. plunging yourselr into 
Ihe hean or the most un-beachlike 
beach community in existence. 
Suddenly. out you pop, and 
theee ... rrr ... e·s the beach. You park. get 
your beach chair and towel out or the 

"Let's see. how many pages 111 thiS 
chapter? Thirty-seven?! And ea h page 
IS mammoth l Better get moving - is ~ 
that Todd down there? It is! What a 
cOlnCldence l Beller say hi . Maybe I'll 
mention the birth or the rrisbee ." 

Beach or library: the UCSD decision. 
This winter, fo r those of you who 

never noticed. looked very much like a 
San Diego spring, and th is spri ng has 
thus far looked very muc h like a San 
Diego summer. Which leaves this 
summer ro look even Illore like a San 
Diego summer. which is fi ne with me. 
But all this sunshine poses a defi nite 
crisis or decision ror you. John/Jane Q. 
Student. Should you be the studious 
one, laughing in the face of Mr. 
Temptation as you stride into the 
library, books in hand, head held high? 
Or should you. 'just this once" (or. more 
likely, 'just one more time"), toss your 
books into the back seat of your car and 
take off on the short. winding road to 

Now you've succeeded. Your conscious and 
subconscious are in hannony. Your id and ego are 
happy. Your superego just slashed its wrists. 

Forry mll1utes later you're back at the 
rowel, reopening the biology tome. Page 
537. Introduction. OK, page 538. Section 
One: The Discovery or Nucleic Acids. 
Why are these pages so bright? The sun 
bounces off the sand and the sea and 
the book and lands right in your eyes. 
Damn. 

Page 540. Section Two: The Story or 
DeoxyribonucleiC Acid. It's so bright 
here! You're being blinded by science, 
and you know it. And there's the rrisbee. 
And there's Todd. And Ihere's you and 
Todd throwing the rrisbee back and 
rorth. Oops. and there's the rrisbee 
going into the water. You'll JUSt have to 
get wet, I guess. Oh welt. 

La Jolla Shores Beach? 
or course. the decision was set long 

ago, the concrete poured and instantly 

yourself, "No big deal - I'll just study at 
Ihe beach." OK. exactly WHAT wilt you 
study at the beach? (Careful here.) ''1'11 
study biology." Strange - I didn't know 
Bio. I covered human analomy. ··Look. 
I'll bring my bio book, read chapter 
three. go through at least five problems. 
and then I'll read those ten pages or 
psych. to be covered in lecture today. 
That'll keep me busy. I'd get just the 
same amount or work accomplished at 
the library. The only difference is thaI 
this time I'll get a tan ." 

25C EYE EXAM 
This special is available with the purchase of soft contact lensesl 

' 259 
complete S169*re9' 
·tor rT¥'P'" only 

BAUSCH & LOMB 

Extended Wear 
Contacts BOTH PACKAGES 

INCLUDE 
v Eye Exam 
v Fi tti ng 

SOFT CONTACTS 
COMPLETE 

NEW ... S95 dai ly wear 
O,·T lenses 

NO 
EXTRA 
COSTS 

v Follow· Up Visits 
v Care·Kit Dr. Steven Grossman Optometry HOURS: 

Eyt' GI"\st'~ & [)t"'9nt'f Ft~mf'\ ~!so Avo\"lIbil' 
" If we 're not the lowest . 
leI us know who is!" 243 No. Hwy 101 (THE BOARDWALK) Suile e Monday·Saturday 

10:00·6:00 PM 481·2277 • SOLANA BEACH Offer Expires 5/ 30/ 84 

WARREN COLLEGE STUDENT 
GOVERNMENT 

·Positions available immediately:---------: 
2 Judicial Board Members 
Campus Coalition for Cultural Concern (4C) Chair 
Yearbook Committee Chair 
Student Center Board Representative 
Secretary 
Treasurer 

Contact Stacy McCarthy at 455-13% or the Warren Dean's Office 
regarding other possible openings and applications. 

Application Deadline: May J8, 1984 

All our stores celebrate our new Old Town location ( GRAND OPENING SALE \ r - - -FrMcii We AiIWdM.r-sPQ.t~nilai'Mi - --, 
I Cat E-,. • Square • French Wayfarer • G1ac_ style I 
I SuI15 1:·$9'NI D U \"lU ll'; Uue( lIf~ I 
I CAIIIIIIIA I 
I N O, or :;vo"'"'' 540-45 $29.99 I J ~''fIus J COIOfS l lVt\Sul 
I C_ IIIA Men', l_·...,_ S5-12 $1 .99·3.99 I 
I 'EIIIIAlil fo/,"" " 10_ $4 8 $ I I ......,4 J .. dl..J'wll. MIll t:; J~ . ' .99 I 

~-------~~~~~~~~~~ _____ J 
Don't pay too much for IUngla .... : We've got the lowest 

prices and best selection from $2.99 to $249.95 
Vuornel. Carrero. Rayban. S1yIe E ..... Suncloud. Hoble • lucci -Bolle· Cebe- E1c .. eIc . 

Pad~'t: &lfCJ. £ 74. 
Old lown 

2461 Son DIego A"e 
(ned 10 Old lown Mexlcon Cote) 

. 692.Q059 

Open 7 Daya and NIg/III 
La JoIlo 

1030 r orrey Pines Rd 
(ned 10 Yogun A~OII) 

454-1006 

Enclnllal 
745 Fllst SI 

(LumOOl\lord Shoppng Center) 
942~7 

trunk (where they're always located . in 
case or emergency). and 80 seconds 
later you're sitting on the sand , arms 
locked behind your head . ear-to-ear 
smile fixed upon your countenance , 
ultraviolet rays bombarding you rrom 
every angle. You've died and gone to 
heaven. 

Four hours later. you're lying on your 
rowel - leuing your hair dry, letting 
yo ur skin rry. You tOSS the disk into the 
backpack and look at your bio. book. 

Ten minutes later the smile 
disappears. "Am I rorgetting something?" 
You know, the books. Remember? "Oh 
yeah. Damn ." 

,GOI a little sand between pages 538-39 
and 540-41. Good thing you dIdn 't go 
any further. 

Unlock the arms, rind the keys. get 

It's Stitt not too late to conSider J year 

"DOWN UNDER" 
With the UC EducJIIOn Abroad progmm In 
Victoria anu Canberr<l . Auslralia for 1l)!:l5 
JUl1lortandtng by departure; 3.0 GPA 

Deadline: May 18, 1984. 

Also. the SFE (Study & Field Expenence) 
Program in Mexico is still up for the taking 

ror Fall Quaner 1l)84. 
3.0 GPA; 3 Quarters 01 Spanish prerequlsitc 

Deadline: May I B, 1984. 

Call 

Contact the EAP Counselor at the 
International Center immediately 

for 
AppOintment 

Beach vs. library. 
Good decision. 

r;= =_" -- -= _ -------,--____=_________. _ ~ -=.- -. :~- _ -- =- _ 
------ -------- -------- - -- ----

UCSD Summer Session 

ADDED 
AMES 10 

FORTRAN PROGRA,YMJNG (4 Units) 
Applied Mechanics end Engineering Sciences 10 
Course Code 0232 July 16 - August 24, 1984, 

For more intormetlon visit the Summer Session Office 
101A Administrative Complex or call 

451-4364 



TUESDAY 
7:30 pm " Peacemaking In the 
Arab/Israeli Conflicts Problems and 
Prospects" With Dr Janice Stein. University of 
Toronto POlitICal SCience Professor. speCialty 
In Middle East and International PolitiCS. 
UCSD vIsiting Professor In POlitical SCience In 
the International Center. 
WEDNESDAY 

2:0~:00 pm - jobS In Communications 
The real scoop panel of profeSSionals In a 
variety of areas such as publiC 
relations/advertising. TV media. and 
wntlng/edltlng will diSCUSS how their 
degrees helped. how they got Into the field 
and what careers are available In the North 
Conf Rm. Student Center 
4:00-6:00 pm - Graduate School 
Information Session Faculty and graduate 
student panel Will diSCUSS the graduate 

(1 • <:10 : ."" 

SeNices/Workshops 
MONDAY-FRIDAY 
9:00 am-noon & , :C»-3:00 pm - Do 
you have hay fever or a cold7 Has stress 
raised your blood pressure 7 What can you do 
to Improve your skin 7 For answers to these 
questions and more. talk With a Student 
Health Advocate at the Body Shoppe's Self 
Care Centes at Student Health. first floor 
near Walk-In 

7:O~'0:OO pm - Telephone Counseling 
SeNices A Confidential peer led counseling 
servICe. sponsored by Counseling and 
PsychologICal Services. for students explOring 
gay/leSbian/bisexual concerns Call 452-
GAYS. 
MONDAY 
2:0~3:00 pm - RED II Recovenng from 
Eating Disorders. Invites students and staff to 
anend our new diSCUSSion sessions on 
Monday afternoons. upstairs at the Health 
Center We Will be touching on Issues 
surrounding AnoreXia. Bulemla and arher 
eating disorders. The meetings Will be 
faCilitated by peer counselors who have 
recovered from various eating disorders. Our 
topiC for today Will be. "Explonng Eating 
Problems How to deal With friends suffering 
from Anorexla/Bulemla 
TUESDAY 
Noon-l:00 pm - Does the pili cause 
cancer?? Get the answer to thiS and other 
questions on sexual health. birth control and 
campus women's clinc servICes at an 
Informal. InformatIVe and confidential small 
group sessIOn Lecurerre and diSCUSSion 
format. 452-2669/2180 In the Student 
Health ServICes - upstairS lounge 
WEDNESDAY 
Noon-I :00 pm - Get In touch With your 
body - become Informed about your sexual 
health. birth control. and services available to 
}{Ju at Student Health In a confidential and 
Informal small group Both men and women 
welcome. In the Student Health Services -
upstairs lounge 
1 :0~2:00 pm - Women & Career 
Development A weekly diSCUSSion group 
looking at the personal and career 
developmental ISSUes In the lives of women 
students . TopICS IIlclude buildlllg 
confidence. entering a male-dominated 
profeSSion. developing assertive skills. 
Juggllllg multiple roles. finding career 
mentors and role models. and more Bnng 
your Ideas as well as your concerns to thiS 
supportive and InformatIVe group You are 
not alone. Students should contact leader. 
LOri Kolt. Psychological Services Call 452-
3755 to sign up In HL 1003 
1 :30-3:00 pm - EnhanCing SoCial Skills 
Group - Meet new friends. develop and 
Improve Interpersonal and SOCIal skills 
through presentation and practice in a 
friendly. supportIVe group atmosphere. Led 
by Dr Rochelle Bastien and Bob Irvin of 
Psychological ServICes Open to all UCSD 
men and women students who Identify With 
being sny or reserved Meets at HL 1003 
Interested students please call Rochelle at 
452-3755 to sign up. 
THURSDAY 

3:O~5,oo pm - Panel DISCUSSion -
Creating New Worlds for Women. 1984 -
Featured: a panel of profeSSional worryen 

school experience the rewards. 
drawbacks. when to start planning for 
academiC graduate programs In HL 1402 
THURSDAY 
3:30-5:00 pm - MinOrity Student 
Graduate School Information SesSion 
Faculty and graduate panel Will diSCUSS the 
graduate school experience from a minority 
perspectIVe Refreshments Will be served. In 
the North Conf Rm. Student Center 
FRIDAY 
2:0H:00 pm - Strategies for a Successful 
AcademiC Job Hunt Faculty members who 
have survIVed the process and have hiring 
expenence Will diSCUSS effectIVe strategies 
and when and how to start getting It all 
together Co-sponsored by office of 
Graduate Studies & Research In the North 
Conf Rm. Student Center. 
7:30 pm - Tnbute to Malcom X Film Senes. 
Auto of Malcom X Speaker Dr. Maulana R 
Karenga In HL Aud Free 

The 

from law. mediCine. university administration 
and technical management. who Will talk 
about how they have succeeded In thee 
male-doffilnated careers Meets In UH 2102 
Sponsored by Psychological Services. Career 
Services Center. Office of Graduate Studies & 
Research. 
FRIDAY 
8:3~10:00 iIm - RED I - Peer Group-
This group IS for students With Bulimia. 
AnoreXia or obsessive concerns about eating 
Through speCific homework assignments 
and extensive support. students Will be able 
to meet a senes of goals leading to cessation 
of eating problems. Led by Peer Counselors 
Anne Scott and Chnstle Pollero. and Bev 
HarjU. PhD. Psychological ServICes Call Bev 
at 452-39B7 to sign up. Meets at Warren 
College Provost Office - Conf. Rm 
1 :00-2:30 pm - Weight Management 
Group - For UCSD students. thiS weekly 
group uses a weight loss/maintenance 
approach that emphasizes sound nutrition. 
exerCISe and health. Led by Bev HarJU. 
Psychological Services. call 452-39B7 to sign 
up In the Student Health SeNlce uPStaIfS. 

2:0~3:30 pm - Gay/Bisexual Men's 

Group This ongoing. group Will concentrate 
on Issues pertinent to malntalnrng a 
gay/bisexual Identity For example. romantic 
relationships. dealing With straight fnends 
and family. health concern;;. religion. etc. 
Steve Brady. faclhtator. Offered dby 
PsychologICal Services Meets In HL 1003 
2:00-):30 pm - Alcohol and Substance 
Abuse Group - For those who ask 
themselves. "00 I have a prOblem With 
alcohol or drugs?" Regardless of age, 
background. sex or expenence. If you ask 
yourself the above question. check out the 
group. Led by Dan Munoz. Psychological 
ServICes Call 452-3456 Meets weekly 
):00-4:30 pm - Campus Black Forum -
ThiS IS an Informal diSCUSSion group centered 
on ISSUes. concerns and the quahty of life of 
the Black community at UCSD. It IS an open. 
ongoing group. and students can JOin at any 
time Meets In the Mt. View Lounge of the 
Thlfd College Apartments Led by Rochelle 
Bastien. Bob Irvin. Temille Porter and Phil 
Raphael. Students who would like more 
Information can call Phil at 452-3035. or 
Rochelle at 452-3755 Offered by 
PsychologICal Services. 

MONDAY-FRIDAY 
5:00 pm - Catholic Mass Sponsored by the 
CatholiC Commullity at UCSD In the 
UnIVerSity Lutheran Church 
MONDAY 
Noon - Meeting of the ChrIStian SCience 
Orgallization Students diSCUSS how they 
turn to God for solutions to everyday 
problems In the Revelle Formal Lounge. 
TUESDAY 
7:30 pm - "Political Systems and the 
Gospels" a diSCUSSion group Sponsored by 
the Servants of Peace and Justice of the 
Catholic Community at UCSD In the Lounge 
of the UnIVerSity Lutheran Church 

7:3~9:oo pm - The Asian Amencan 
Chnstlan FellOWShip (AACFI would like to 
welcome you to our fellowship We Will be 
diSCUSSing your poSitIOn With the body 
Please note room change for thiS week only 
In the Revelle Formal Lounge 
WEDNESDAY 
6:00 pm - Lutheran Students host supper 
and Bible study. Everyone IS welcome In the 
Lounge of the UniverSity Lutheran Church 
7:30-9:00 pm - ,nter-VarsIlY Chnstlan 
Fellowship. This week we learn about 
helping the needy In our world Come and 
learn how to make a difference In a world full 
of hungry people Everyone IS welcomel In 
the Revelle Formal Lounge. 
10:00 pm - Candlelight Mass Sponsored 
by the CatholiC Community at UCSD. In the 
chapel of the UnIVerSity Lutheran Church 
THURSDAY 
5:45 pm - Thurs~ Night Dinner EnjOy 

good food and good company. Sponsored by 
the CatholIC Community at UCSD In the 
Lounge of the UnIVerSity Lutheran Church. 
52 
SATURDAY 
5:00 pm - CatholiC Mass Sponsored by the 
Catholic Community at UC$D In the 
UnIVersity Lutheran Church. 
SUNDAY 
8:00 & '0:00 .. m - Episcopal Church 
Worship Service. Sunday Euchanst and Pansh 
fellowship Good Samaritan Episcopal 
Church 4321 Eastgate'Mall Across Genesee 
from east end of campus. north of L3 Jolla 
Village Dr. Intersection of Eastgate Mall and 
Genesee. 
8:30 .. m - Catholic Mass Sponsored by the 
CatholIC Community at UCSD In the 
UnIVerSity Lutheran Church 
'0,30 .m - Catholic Mass. Sponsored by 
the CatholIC Community at UCSD In the 
Student Center. Bldg B Lower Level. Office 
of ReligiOUS Affalfs 
, 1:00 .m - Dr Jom Cramer IS guest 
speaker at Lutheran Service of Word. All 
welcome In the Chapel of UnIVerSity 
Lutheran Church 
5:00 pm - Catholic Mass Sponsored by the 
CatholiC Community at UCSD In the 
UniverSity Lutheran Church 
7:00 pm - UCSD Campus Pastor Robert 
Wagener of United Campus Ministry IS guest 
speaker at the evening Lutheran service. All 
welcome In the Chapel of the Ulliversity 
Lutheran Church 
8:'5 pm - Folk Mass Good Samaritan 
Episcopal Church 4321 Eastgate Mall Across 
Genesee from east end of campus north of L3 
Jolla Villaqe Dr. at Eastgate and Genesee. 

TUESDAY 

Academic Services 
MONDAY-FRIDAY 
8:30 .m-4:oo pm - PAL Conferences -
Don't spend more time studying than 
necessaryl Schedule a one-to-one PAL 
lpersonal assistance for learlllngl conference 
to streamline your studying The conferences 
Will deal With your course materials concerns 
Including reading comprehension. memory 
control. lect~re notetakillg. and test 
preparation. as well as how to manage your 
time. handle stress. concentrate better. and 
overcome procrastination Sponsored by the 
OASIS Reading and Study Skills Center In 
USB 4010 
8:30 .m-4:00 pm - OASIS Writing Center 
offers free service for all UCSD students who 
need pre-writing help. conferences on drafts. 
and edltlllg advice We engage any kind of 
writing and any kind of wntlng problem. 
Conferences are by appointment only. 
Evening appointments are now also available 
in OASIS Third Place at Third College I Forthe 
full range of services see back of Fall 
Schedulel Call 452-2284 or come by USB 
4010 to make an apPOintment This service IS 
available throughout the quarter 
9:00 .m-4:00 pm - Grammar Moses 
Harline - A grammar hotline phone-In 
service for help with diction. grammar and 
punctuation problems To reach Grammar 
Moses. call 452-2284 Sponsored by the 
OASIS Wntlng Center Service available 
throughout the quarter 
1 :3~:OO pm - Drop-In-Hours For qUICk 
questIOns pertaining to career planning. JOb 
hunting. resume Crltlquelng etc For more 
IndIVIdual attention sign-up or call 452-3750 

for an appointment With an advisor In 
Career Planning HL 1058 
MONDAY 

10:~11:3O .m - Graduate School 
AdviSing. Planning on graduate school after 
UCSD? After you attend a graduate adviSing 
seminar. drop-In at thiS time and talk to an 
advisor for more speCific or detailed 
Information Sponsored by Career Services 
Center In the Student Center Bldg A. 
1 :30-2:)0 pm - IntervieWing Skills 
Workshop Do you need help In prepanng for 
JOb Intervlews7 Career SeNlces Center Will 
prOVide tipS on the best ways to present your 
qualificatiOns and what kind of Interview 
questions to expect In the Revelle Formal 
Lounge. 
1 :45-3:)0 pm - Mock Interview Seeing 
and heanng yourself on Videotape can help 
put the filllshing touches on Interview skills 
PrereqUISite Interviewing skills workshop 
Call Career ServICes Center at 452-3750 to 
make an appointment In HL 1058 
TUESDAY 

9:0~10:00 <1m - The L3nguage Program 
Level I & 1/ - ThiS OASIS program focuses on 
the thinking skills you need to successfully 
handle the reading and writing tasks 
aSSigned In your courses It IS deSigned for 
those who want to perfect their English 
language skills. LP classes are taught by 
reading and wntlng specialists and bilingual 
tutors. LP IS presented by the OASIS Reading 
& Writing Center In USB 4010 
10:00 .m - noon - How to Study Math 
& Science - Spending hours working 
problems 7 Feel anxIous about what you 
know? Learn how to leam chemistry or pre-
calculus math through data-synthesIzing 

6:45 pm - Aikido Club meeting/workout 
Beginners welcome - gl nat reqUired In the 
South Balcony. main gym 
WEDNESDAY 
6:00 pm - Campus rec Will hold Its first ever 
TnVlal Pursuit tournament Space only for 20 
people. so sign up at Campus Rec or take 
your chances signing up at the Pub At the 
Triton PUb. 

Meetings 
MONDAY 
6100 pm - Recycling Coop meetlng and 
dinner Just look for the R-coop Sign on the 
table. New members welcome. In the Che 
Cafe. 
lUESDAY 
4:00 pm - Students for Mondale IS holding 
Its 1st organIZational meeting Strategy 
planning for the defeat of Gary Hart and 
Ronald Reagan In the Multi-Purpose room In 
the Student Center. 
1:00 pm - Democratic Club ofUCSDhoids 
Its weekly meeting. Discussion of Democratic 

Other 
TUESDAY 
Noon -':00 pm - Lhrverslty Center Info 
Session In the North Conf. Rm Find out 
about the scoop ~fore the referendum that 
you will vote on. Check this outl 
4:00-5:00 pm - LeSbian/Bisexual 
Women's Support Group If you are lesbian. 
bisexual. or explonng your sexuality come 

Entertainment 
WEDNESDAY 
6100 pm - Film "To Kill a Mocklngblfd" Will 
be shown at a potluck dinner sponsored by 
the CatholIC Student Coordinators. Sign up at 
the LklJverslty Lutheran Church or .JUst come 
and bnng a main dish. At the UnIVerSity 
Lutheran Church 
SATURDAY 
Noon - 5th Annual Black MusIC FestIVal 
MUSIC InCludes soul. Jazz. gospel and reggae 
In the Warren Quad Free. 

For more Info contact Chns. 452-2023 
WEDNESDAY 

7:O~813O pm - Gay/Bisexual Men's 
Support Group If you are gay. bisexual. or 
explonng your sexuality come and talk With 
students who share Similar concerns. In 
TCHB 141. Contact Kevin for more Info. 452-
GAYS 
THURSDAY 
8100 pm - LAGO's SoCial. A very informal 
garhenng at UCSD's lesblan and gay 
community. A great place to meet others In a 
comfortable atmosphere In TCHB 14 I 

,\IllY H. 198-1 17 

strategies that take the anxiety. boredom. 
and confuSion out of your courses Bnngyour 
course matenals and see your courses In a 
whole new way In TCH 141 

10:~11:3O .m - LAW/MBA AdviSlllg 
L3w or MBA school group adVISing hours for 
any questions concerning the application 
process for law school or MBA programs. see 
the Pre-L3w/Management advisor on an 
Informal baSIS No appointments necessary. 
but It IS advisable to call first at 452-4939 if 
open hours are being held In the Student 
Center Bldg A 
, :00-2:00 pm - Resume Wfltlng 
Workshop Learn how to wflte an effectIVe 
resume. Start the process here then haveyour 
resume cfltlqued by a Career Services Center 
advisor. A must for on-campus Interviewing 
In the Revelle Formal Lounge. 

2:)~4:00 pm - Drop-In adviSing In open 
session for Pre-Medical and Pre-Dental 
students No appointment necessary. but It IS 
advisable to call first to confirm that the 
session Will be held. Sponsored by Career 
ServICes Center In the Health SCiences 
AdVISOry Program Career Planning & 
Placement Center. Student Center Bldg A 
452-4939 

3:0~4:00 pm - The OASIS GM IGrammar 
& MechaniCS) Workshop IS deSigned for 
students who would like to work on 
clanfylng basic grammatical concepts and 
categones. and applying them In extensIVe. 
systematIC series of practical exercises An 
exerCise manual to be purchased by the 
student Will be used All work Will be 
completed In the context of the workshop. In 
USB 3050B 
WEDNESDAY 

9:O~10:oo .m - The OASIS GM 
(Grammar & Mechanlcsl Workshop IS 
deSigned for students who would like to 
work on clarifying baSIC grammatical 
concepts and categones. and applying them 
In extensIVe. systematic senes of practical 
exercises An exerCise manual to be 
purchased by the student Will be used All 
work Will be completed In the context of the 
workshop In USB 406OA. 

9:)~' , :00 .m - Drop-In adviSing In open 
sessIOn for Pre-MedICal and Pre-Dental 
students No appointment necessary. but It IS 
advisable to call first to confirm that the 
sessIOn Will be held Sponsored by Career 
SeNlces Center In the Student Center Bldg 
A 452-4939. 
11:00 .m-l 2:30 pm - AcademIC Wfltlng 
In Spanish es una nueva actlVldad del 
Programa de Leguas de OASIS. L3 clase esta 
dlsenada para estudlantes de cursos 
avanzados sub-graduados l"upper-dlvlslon" l 
que deseen perfecCionar los elementos 
gramatlCales. slntactlcos. y retoricos del 
espanol con el fin de produCif trabaJos 
academlcos de cahdad " Term-papers" 
aSignados cursos de espanal seran ramblen 
atendldos en este taller In USB 4070 & 
40508 

2:0~):3O pm - Graduate AdVISing 
Seminar. Planning on graduate school7 For 
Information on application procedures. 
letters of recommendation statement or 
purposes and admiSSIOns ~ntena. attend one 
of these semlnar~ by signing up at Career 
SeNlCes Center. Student Center Bldg A or 
call 452-4939. 

2:0~:00 pm - Textbook Reading For 
Recall - How many times should you read a 
chapter? Oncel This workshop shows }{Ju 
how to read effiCiently and transfer tediOUS 
h0urs into productIVe leamlng sessions Bnng 
your textbclOks and learn how to apply 
learlllng effiCiency techniques to your 
courses. In Bldg. B. Student Center Conf Rm 
n-IURSDAY 
... - Interested In the health profeSSions? 
20 minutes prIVate appointments for career 
planning advice for students Interested In 
health careers. Call In advance for 
appointment. but no earlier than one week. 
Thursday and Fnday Health SCiences 
AdviSOry Program 452-4939. Sponsored by 
Career ServICes Center. In the Student Center 
Bldg. A 
1':00 _noon - Finding the Hidden Job 
Market 80% of all JOb VacanCies are 
unadvertised. This Career SeNICes Workshop 
Will teach you a way to find out about them 
In the Revelle Formal lounge 
FRIDAY 
9:C»-10:OO .... - The L3nguage Program 
Level I & II - This OASIS program focuses on 
the thinking skills you need to successfully 
handle the reading and IIIII'ltJng tasks 
assigned In your courses It IS designed for 
those who want to perfect their English 
language skills. LP classes are taught by 
reading and writing specialists and bilingual 
tutors. LP IS presented by the OASIS Reading 
& Wfltlng Center. In USB 406OA. 

" 



HPWEEK 
Introducing 

THE TOUCHSCREEN 
PERSONAL COMPUTER. 
The Hewlett-Packard 150. 

Meet the HP 150 Touchscreen Personal Computer - the easiest-to-Iearn, 
easiest-to-use personal computer available today. Touch. It makes sense. To 
operate a personal computer by simply touching the screen. \XIhether you're 
moving a paragraph with the word processor or creating a graph, you just 
touch the screen. No complicated commands. No mouse. Just your finger. 

But Hewlett-Packard's engineers didn't stop "vith the touchscreen. They 
designed the standard system with 2561< of memory; a high-performance B 
MHz I6-Bit processor; two RS ·232 serial ports, which make adding a printer 
and a telephone modem easy; one HP-IB (IEEE-4BBI port, for additional 
printers, plotters, disk storage, and more; plus 512 x 390 high-resolution 
graphics. The standard system also includes two 3 V2 H high-speed disk drives 
and the popular MS-OOS operating system. 

Stop by the University Bookstore Computer Center tor a demonstration on 
the HP 150 Touchscreen computer. You might get in touch with a whole new 
you. 
Ust PrIce: 53995 
HP Week Special: S299500 Save SI000001 
'Price valid through May 19 A~, 

[hP.l HEWLE TT Setting}OUf~ 
PACKARD H('\\iell .Packard Personal Computers 

UIlIVERSITY BaaliSTaRE 
-= -======SE=_ -=-=- ;;;ZJ ~-!q'h~!f 1== tf ~-:= gVT&n 

The Discount Computer Store 
452·429 1 

The UCSD Bike Shop will 
furnish transportation 

To the Tecate starting line 
and 

From the Ensenada finish 
line 

Transportation of body and 
bike: $35 

UJS / lAC 
RAP SESSION 

Topic: 
Jewish Identity on Campus 

Time: 
Wednesday, May 16th 

7:00 p.m. 
Place: 

Revelle Informal Lounge 

Upcoming Events:-----------. 
- UJS Oney Shabbot 

Wednesday, May 25th 
6:30 p.m. 

- Bagel Brunch 
Sunday, June 10th 
10:00 to 12:00 Noon 

UJS Oney Shabbat 

MAY 20 
Load up at 4:30 aDl 
Leave at 5:00 aDl 
Tickets may be purchased 

the the Bike Shop. 

Tritons lose in final 

Metamorphosis takesUCSD 
to championship game 
By JEFF SAVAGE 

Coach Lyle Yates must have been 
suffering from a giant baseball hangove r 
Sunday morning. His Tmons had just 
bcen Ihrough the zaniest week of 
pressure-packed act ion in the school's 
history. UC D had never won a playoff 
game before, bllt this year they won four 
of 'e m. Five would have given UCSD the 
District title, but the team lost the 
championship game \0 Azusa Pacific, 
who will go \0 the NAIA Regionals for 
the fourth straight year. You would find 
the average coach snuggled up \0 a 
teleVISion se t and a six-pack (or his 
wife , if he's young) for the next week or 
so, but Yates is not average. unday 
morning he was Ollt early, shOWing a 
possible recruit around the campus and 
the La Jolla community. Yates is (gasp) 
already thinking about next year. 

Without question, it is the attitudes 01 
Yates and coaches Tom Cartier and 
Charlie Cox whi ch have 
metamorphosized UCSD from a District 
3 doormat \0 a title cOnIender. Although 
it IS a widely used alibi, final team 
records are seldom misleading. At 28-
31-1 , UCSD's is. During winter quarter 
finals week, the team lOok part in the 
Division [-domina ted Sun Lite Classic, 
and lost eight games without winning. 
UCSD has si nce e\ccted to never take 
part in the Sun Lite Classic aga in. 

The Tritons of 1984 shattered the all-
time record in every offensive team 
category. Every {m e! They also broke the 
record in every individual category but 
two. Everyone hut two! [n short, UCSD 
suffered through a brilliant season. 

The team finished second in its 
division and earned one of four SPOtS in 
the District single-elimination mini-
tournament. By winning both games, 
UCSD advanced to the double-

Don Peter en was all AI/.League third 
baseman after switching there jrorn shortstop. 

elimination main tournament. But the 
fourrh-seeded TrilOns drew three- time 
District champion Azusa Pacific in the 
lirst round. They would have rather 
drawn again . 

The Cougars jumped out 10 an early 
3-0 lead, and before the second II1ning 
had ended, TrilOn starter Mark Sloan 
was gone. Mike Petersen came in and 
held Azusa to four hits the rest of the 
way, but the UCSD hitters could muster 
only two runs off All-League pitcher 
Greg Swain , and they lost 6-2 . 

The loss placed UC D- in the loser's 
bracket, where they were forced to win 
their remaining three games in order to 
win the District title. 

Against Cal Lutheran Friday at Olsen 
Field, the Tritons pounded out 15 hits, 
but still needed 13 innings to dispose of 
the Lancers. This time the Tritons 
proved that the squeeze bunt belongs in 
their repertoire as Alkonis placed a 
beauty JUSt 10 the right of the pitcher'S 
mound to score Chris Sravros With the 
game winner. ravros was pinch running 
for Bob aral , who had opened the 
inning with a double. This game was 
nothing short 01 a true test of survi val. 

The Tritons carried a 9-4 lead into 
the ninth inning, oflly 10 see All-League 
first baseman Rich Demello hit a Rob 
Haswell fastball over the leftfield fence 
fop a three-run homerun , capping a five-
run Lancer outburst. Reliever Kevin 
llIingworth was cast as UC D's savior, 
and performed very well in the role as 
he shutout the Lancers for th e 
remainder in his longest stint of the 
year. 

After Cal Baptist scored three times in 
the first , UCSD answered with four in 
the bottom half of the inning. Stanovich 
led off with a double and moved 10 

Klaudio Biazcvich kd Ihc way with a 
tcam-Ieading .357 average as a Jreshman. 

third on I aral's sll1glc. Petersen followed 
wi th a fielder's choice to score 
Stanovich. and Joe WoIrs bum sll1gle set 
the stage for the Todd Dewey show. 
John Rosness hit a bounding ball to 
Dewey at third , but he mistook it for a 
soccer ball and kicked it away as Natal 
scored . Jim Martin followed and gave 
Dewey a second chanre, but. the third 
baseman got his sports confused again 
and booted it for another RBI (run 
booted in). 

The TrItons picked up three more in 
the fifth on the strength of five 
successive si ngles by Biazevlch, 
Stanovich, Petersen, A1konis and 
Rosness . Meanwhile , Frank Califano, 
who replaced starter Steve aggiani III 
the first , was busy keepll1g the Cal Lu 
bats in check on only one run until he 
ran out of gas in the nimh. 

UC D had cxtra incemive III thiS one 
as Cal Lutheran coa h AI Schoenberger 
\vas found guilty of some 
underhandedness a week earlier. On 
April 4, a game between UC D and Cal 
Lutheran was ca lled with a tic score 
after eight innings because of darkness. 
The two clubs agreed to reschedule the 
game only if it aflected the outcome of 
the District. After the regular season 
ended Apnl 28 ,.IIld it was clear th,1t the 
game had no bearing on the league , the 
tlVO oaches agreed in a telephone 
conversa tion not to pla y it. But in the 
league meetings on May 2, Yates 
discovered that Sc hoenberger had 
awarded the Lancers a win via a forfeit. 
"He said that he wanted to replay the 
game and asked the umpires to show 
up on his field ," explained Yates. 
"When we didn't arrive, he gave his 
team a win . It 's a complete line of 
horsebleep, and Schoenberger'S a snake. 

Senior oUlfidder Dennis Co ta IS one of 
only four players to graduate t/lis year. 

May J4, J 980/ 19 

He sure showed me his true co lors . ~ 
Alter the Win , UCSD drove to POim 

Loma to take on Southern Cal College. [t 
lOok .1 comeback to keep the Tri tons 111 
the picture. 

With SCC ahead 5-3 gOing IntO the 
seve nth tnning, UCSD scored three 
times and took a 6-5 lead. Steve 
Sagglani , With help rrom Mark Sloan in 
the nimh , held on to gain his first win 
of the year. The Triton rally began 
innocently with Rosness drawll1g a walk. 
Dan DIM.lscio followed with a single 
and Dennis Costa singled 10 drive in 
Rosness. Biazevich punched a sll1gle 
through the right Side to score 
DiMascio, but on the pIa )" Costa 
rounded third b.!se tOO fast Jnd got 
ca ught in a rundown . As he made the 
charge for the plate, the ball hit him 111 
the head and bounded away for the 
game winner. 

Upon entering the championship 
game, the Tritons complained of 
soreness and fatigue. It appeared they 
weren't lying as they committed seven 
errors in a 12-4 drubbing at the hands 
of Azusa. 

"It seemed at times like It wasn 't a 
real baseball game ," said Yates afterward . 
"When fatigue sets in , you tend to feel 
removed , and that IS how we felt. " 

Azusa struck quickly for four 
uneJrncd runs 111 the second JS Dan 
DiMascio's dropped fly ball with two 
outs opened the door. The Cougars 
wrapped thlllgs up qUickly as they 
garnered three more runs in the lourth 
to take ,I commanding 7-0 lead . Mike 
Petersen replaced a shellshocked Sloan 
,md kept Azusa on the phone (but 
definitely long distance) the rest of the 
way. 

The TrItons PUt twO runs on the 
board 111 the fifth and almost put up two 
more as aral's drive to cemer got as fa r 
as the wall, but no further. Jim Maltln 
doubled home A1konis in the sixth to 
make It 7-3, but the Cougars closed it 
Out with three In the bottom half. 

The TritOns performed gallantly in the 
playoffs, but the lack of power (no 
home runs) and the tired anns inevitably 
parlayed IntO nothing more than second 
place. Still , before this season starred, 
nothing more than reaching the playoffs 
\vas expected. Far greater was 
accomplished . 

Bob Natal, anolhcr fre /lman, sct learn 
marks for hornen.ms (11) and RBIs (43). 



20 ,\lu\ I~. IqK~ 
SPORTS 

Women '5 tennis one point from the top 
By CHRISTINA KAUS 

1 he 1 nton \\,ol11c n 's lenlllS te,lm 
rC!llrned Fnd.l)' night tro m Kalan1.l::oo, 
Mic higan alter ompetlng 111 the . 
Dl \'lslon III ;-':,ltlon,115 .III Ia~l wcck. The 
Tmon, hnl shed '('cond lWCf,IIl . ,I 
de fl ll lle 1ll1prol'cmc nr ovc r 1.l5t ye,lr's 
I dth-place sho\\,lI1g. In addition, lour 
fmoll c'!nl cd Ail-American Slatus -
Lisa Gllbcn . Cuh) Srurd ll'ant , r-.:,ldIIlC 
Aki motll '!nd Jcssl(a ' '<:nlllll . 

Gl111lg 11110 Iht N.Hl llllJ Is. thc 1 mons 
wc re ,cetkd lirsl, so Ihe second pl,lCe 
li lllsh was somell'h,l( dl ,IPp01l1t1l1g. The 
tC.lm lell shorl 01 ;--':,.llIonal Champion 
OJl'ldson Collcgc b}' one P01l1t . and 
hCJI Ollt Ihlrd-plJcc OCCidental b)' one 
POIn!. For a whde it scemed as lhough 
the Tri tons were go mg to end up In 
thi rd placc. behll1d OCCidental 
Howeve r. some d utch matches were 
won b)' Glenna Moses, who won her 
flight .I t rh e number Sl . pos ition, and 
Lisa Gdben , who lost 111 the fina ls 01 her 
flight. lurdivullI. Melt 5.l1ll ,1I1d V~rn on 
all lost III th c hrst round of the I r 
respe([ll'e flights. 'lurdl\'Jnt lost to the 
n umber o ne seed. j.lI1e Mane S,1I1ders 01 
uccldent,lI , 6·1 , b-4, Vemo n lost to 
De'!nne \-\ 'onn,lI1 of :-' 1.11")' \V,lshll1gton 
College 111 three ,cr-, and -.Ini los t to 
the tventual \\'lI1ner 111 her Ilight , Irom 
O,H1d>tm) 

In doublc!> compclltilln. Ihe learns 01 
Aklmllto 'emon ,mo Bngld RCd tllnse., 
lIon therr llight;, In the numbers one 
Jnd three oouhles I1lght'>. re>pecllvclr 
Bmh Triton te,Hns wcn: seeded Itrst The 
number tWO team l11 Gtlbc n and 

rh ,\[ St.HUS .Ilrcr th clr pcrlormant:c, in 
the II1dlvidual CO mpctltlon, whi ch began 
on Wednesd,IY. Vl' mon. [he onlr I mon 
[Q cam [he honors in borh sll1glcs and 
doubll'~ . upse t number rwo seed an y 
'harkey 01 William P,JI[erso n in the i1rsl 
round 01 the tournament. Ve rnon Jlso 
defeJted tcamll'larc StLlrdlvanr In th.: 
round 01 16. "She pla)'cd rei1lly well ," 
cl)l1lmcntcd StLl rdlv.lnr alrer rhe loss. 
"She could have easily made the score 
6-0, 6-0 ." 

The doubles lcam of Gilben and 
StLlrdi vJIll madc it to the semifinals 
before losing to a team from Principia. 
On the wa y, the duo defcated thc 
number four team from Hollins College. 
The doubles team of Akimoto and 
Vernon also losl in [he semifinals (to a 
tcam from Da\~dson ) . 

The competition began on Monday, 
Ma)' 7, but thc Tritons left S'ln Di ego 
early Saturday morning 111 order to get 
an cxtra day of praclice. They needed 
lhc extr,l praclice to help rhem ger used 
to the cold weathcr of Michigan; al 
times the thermometer dropped 10 40 . 
SaId Lisa Gtlben succinctly, "It was 
soooo cold!" 

But ..It \e,lst the accommodattons were 
nice. "Wc gOl to >lay in a castl e!" 
cxdalmed turdivant. "II had 25 rooms 
and a hor tub on rhe roon"The Tri tons had 
requested housing beforc flYing out, SIl1CC 
thiS IS chcdper rhan staying 111 a hote l. 

lU rdll'ant , also seeded number one. 1051 
In Ihe linal 01 lIS Ilighr to (he team from 
Oal'ld.,on . 7 ·6. b-3 

The lour UC:)D A11-Amencans earned i\ 'adll1c Aili lllolO was onc oJfour Tntol1 Ilelters to cam AII-AmcI1can hunorsac auonals last weeh. 

UCSD rctu ll1ed Frida)' night, only 
seml' [flumphanr , but sa ti sfied . For thc 
second year in a row, the team went 
into the N,ltI onals tournamenr ranked 

nr~( . and did not come out with the 
sa me ranking. 

Better luck neXl year. 

The home of the 
35¢ hamburger. 

Under 10 minutes away! 

l ~ ... \ .. 

71 40 Miramar Rd. 
San Diego 

I a...". ... I!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I!!!!!!!I~II!III.J.I ~ Buy one Big,~Ma;;;c&3· ~ 
II 
I I 
II 
II 
II 
II 

GET ONE 
FREE 

ju"lc ph:""-fl' ,hl \ ltlU J ... m 
", 1"" 1\ hU Vlng •• f\1),! M.n ... 1Ilt.! 
'rulI 'lI I.!,"' ( .Inotlh. r nl~ M ,It. 

fh t ·~ L lIIlIt , .,,,: Io. uul"m r' r 
\ lI'I&ll1h r . Pt'f "'''If Ph·,.", 

..... __ ... p r"· ... l·IH IOUP'''' " "'l11 
t I r ~l, rllI l.: II I \ .. 1111 
"uh .111\ lld h r \,f h r 

I .. <i h "',. Iut' I '111 1,11 1t'1I1 II 

Only at: 
7140 Miramar Rd . 

an Diego 

II 
II 
II 
II 
II 

V,lid ,lim Cf4 
June 30, 1984. '-J..+. ________ ii __ ii_ 

PRESIDENT'S 
UNDERGRADUATE 

FELLOWSHIP 
The President's Undergraduate Fellowship Program 

Competition for 198+85 is now open. This program Is 
designed to assist exceptionally talented undergraduate 
students to cany out special studies and/or projects under 
faculty supervision during term time and/or vacation. Such 
projects may include research and/or other creative 
activities. 

A stipend is awarded for each winning project and is 
scaled to established need as reflected in the cost of the 
project. 

Applications are available in your College Student Financial 
Services office in the Administrative Complex. 

The deadline for submission of all required documents will 
be MlJy 25, 1984. 

DAVID JAY GAMBEE 
FELLOWSHIP 

The David Jay Gambee FellowShip Competition for 1984-85 
is now open. David Jay Gambee was a Revelle student who 
was killed in a traffic accident just prior to the 1978-79 
academic year. A fellowship fund has been set up in his 
memory to assist undergraduate students to cany out special 
studies and projects in Student Government and/or 
ecological values clarification, 

Such studies and projects may include research and/or 
other creative activities. The program requirements are the 
same as for the President's Undergraduate Fellowship 
Program Competition. 

Applications are available in your college Student Financial 
Services Office in the Administrative Complex, 

The deadline for submission of all required documents will 
be MlJy 25, 1984, 

Running Thoughts 
By JEFF SAVAGE 

Despite the full-scale efforts of Los Angelcs Orgalll zing Olympic CommHlee Preside nt 
Peter V. Ueberrolh and Intemalional Olympic Committee President Juan Antonio 

maranch, and the surface enOrts (in Ihe form of one leuer - thanks Ron) of 
President Reagan , it is unlikely that the Soviet Union and other Eastem European 
leams will attend Ihis summer's Games. BUI 111 terms of achieving the greatest 
competition Ihat the world has to offer . the withdrawal of the Soviets along with East 
Germany does not lake nearly as much away from the Games as does the wilhdrawal 
of Vietnam. 

To be sure, the absence of East Germany, where fully structured preparation begins 
shonly after kmdergarten . will be a significant loss to Angeles. Easl Germany commits a 
large ponion of its national revenue to developing world-class athleles. (Sleroid sales 
had a tremendous impact on East Germany's economy last year.) Much of its 
propaganda effons go toward promoting these athletes. (In Ihe lasl 18 months, more 
East German athletic billboards were constructed than missiles and tanks combined.) 
And the performances of Easl German athletes have been dazzling as many hold 
current world records. (What's this? Cheating?) 

The absence of the Soviet Union will, without question , make a hallow stand for 
American medal winners. Mary Decker's 3,000-meter gold won't be as bright without 
Zamira Zaitseva. Nor will Mark Breland's welterweight, John Howard 's cycling or Bobby 
Knight's basketball medals. 

But Ihe announcement on Friday lhal Vietnam will not panicipate has placed the 
1984 Summer Olympics on the critical list. Vietnamese athleles had secretly engaged in 
an intense training program Ihat saw sleep a rarity and death from physical exhaustion 
commonplace. The Vietnamese figured heavtly in both the rice patty lOSS and the 110-
meter cow hurdles. 

o 
He never played for the New York Knicks . bUlJoe Watson can lhread the nets with 

Ihe bcst of them. As UCSD's vice-chancellor of undergraduate aff"irs . Dr. Watson has 
had little time to practice his dribble. But in this year's staff/faculry vs. slUdents free 
throw cOnteSl during halftime of UCSD's Spirit Night game, Watson banged in a\l five 
of hi s shots despite the 
enormous pressure that only 
the UCSD baseball learn 
could descnbe . (See below.) 

As a child growing up in 
New York City, Watson 
made the playground 
baskctball scene, and soon 
developed a deft touch. 
Allhough he never joined his 
baskctball team , Warson 
panicipated in the 
intramural program at the 
City College in New York. 

Even though the student 
learn won the halftime 
contest, Walson made five of 
hiS team's six-point tolaL "( 
figured t would probably 
make [WO or three. but not 
all five ," said the 
sharpshooter. "I jusl didn't 
want to be embarrassed." 
The only embarrassment that 
should be felt is by Ihe NBA 
scouts who overlooked Joe Jut: Watson }licks the wrist and buries 5 of5 from the line. 
Watson . 

o 
San Diego State defeated UCSD 20-0 in the Sun Lite Classic two months ago when 

the Aztecs were number one in the country. Last-place Cal Baptist beat the Tritons 
Ihree times down the stretch when UCSD was racing for the top spot in their division . 
And Azusa Pacific beat the Tritons in the first game of the District 3 Main Tournament 
and again in the championship game to Win the District for the fourth stralghr year. 
BUl UCSD's toughest opponent this year was not State , Baptist. Azusa or any other 
ballclub; it was that overwhelming mental menace known as pressure. 

The Tritons should not be faulted . Pressure inevitably penetrates the minds of the 
grealest athletes sport has to offer. Even in the working world (spons is play, isn't it?), 
pressure looms as a ubiquitous force lhat no human can escape. The key is to accept 
its existence and then deal with it. In the most critical of situations, only athletes who 
can face and then handle pressure have any hope of succeeding. 

Experiencing pressure is as important as fielding ground balls in praclice . The more 
ground balls fielded, the better one becomes. The more pressure faced , the more 
accustomed one becomes to trying to handle it. 

Talent carried the UCSD Tritons funher than ever before . Pressure denied them Ihe 
District title. This year's club had never before experienced the level of pressure rhat it 
felt in the playoffs, and there are two reasons why. It is obvious that as a situation 
grows more critical. pressure grows more intense. The Tritons never before reached 
such a critical point - the championship game. And most often, experiencing 
pressure comes wirh age. ThIS year's club was very young - at times, there were seven 
freshmen in Ihe starting line-up. 

Coach Lyle Yates felt more pressure than anyone else on the team. Yates faced lhe 
pressure of keeping thc pressure off his players. He knew what il would do to rhem. 
Yales was so determined to suppress the pressure lhal hc did nOl allow the imponance 
of the fl rst playoff game against Azusa to be revealed. He asked the Guardiatl to refrain 
lrom printing anything to its imporlance. Even his statement, "If we win we'll be 111 the 
driver seal ," wa s toO strong. UCSD 'ended up in the back seal anyway with a 6-2 loss. 
Pressure . 

In their first mini·tournament game against Cal Baptist, the Tritons commilled seven 
errors. "Nothing but nerves ," said Yates afler the game. You mean pres ure? "Because it 
was a playoff game, Ihey definitely telt the pressure." He meant pressure . UCSD still 
managed to win 9-7 and advance to the next round . The Tritons ended up winning 
lhree more limes in the playoffs, and they reached the championship game - despile 
the pressure. In a 12-4 loss. UCSD committed ix more errors. "The pressure was there 
again ." sald Yales , "bul thiS time I thlllk it was more a result ot faugue ." 

Whatever the reason , these Tntons will take With them a year 01 age and precious 
pressure experiencc into next season. Things can only get better. Pressure 
notwithstandi ng. 

Fa:mily 
Planning: 
a choice, 
a responsibility 
California's finest and most experienced family planning 
network, offering concerned professional care for women 
since 1969 . .. 

• .... pregnancy tuu, 
with results whlla you wait 

• Unplanned pregnancyl 
genera.! or local anesthesia 

• Birth oontrol 
• Gynecologtca.l exams 

Rim FamHy PIiInning 
.... Associates Medical Group 

BAN DIEGO 
6496 Alvar&do Rd. 

(Ill) II'''UI 
eoafld •• Ual e »rof ••• io.al e affordable 

BEAT THoSE HIGH 
UNIVERSITY COPY COSTS I 

• Binding • Passport • Stationery 
• Folding Photos. Typewriter 

kinko's 

8855 Villa La Jolla 
Drive 

457-3775 
Near Ralph's & 
Sav-on Drugs 

Engineering and 
Science Majors 

Fast -
Quality 
Service 

Open 7 
Days 

We have openings for qualified personnel in three distinct areas: 

OPERATING ENGINEER . Primary responsibility includes 
supervision of operating nuclear propulsion systems. 

DESIGNIRESEARCH ENGINEER· Working in the planning, testing 
and design aspects of engineering. ' 

PROFESSIONAL INSTRUCTOR . Teaching math, chemistry, 
physics and engineering to highly motivated, intelligent students 
on both the graduate and undergraduate levels. 

Salaries start in excess of $24,000 and rise to $50,000 in five years. 
Scholarships of $1,000 per month are available to exceptional 
students in their Junior and Senior years. 

QUALIFICATIONS: Male-or Female, U.S. Citizen 
Ages 19 to 29 
College Graduates or 
Seniors/Juniors, 
BS/MS preferred 
Good health 

For more information call 293-6691 
Monday-Wednesday, 8 am - 4 pm 

". 

. 1 



Padre juggernaut 
headed wrong way 
By PHIL LAUDER 

Fourth pl.tcc 
1 hat's whJt thc .In Dlcgo Padres MC 

StdrIng at rollowlng thcl r fL)urth straight 
defcat undd), LJoll1g II1IIl .1 weekend 
,enes \\,lth PhILldclphl.l, the PaJres 
WCfe nc -ticd In econd , Just .J half game 
hehll1d the div i lon-lc.ldll1g Dodgers. All 
01 .1 ~LldJen, a thrce-g.lIl1c sweep b)· the 
Phlls h.ls left D tied lor th ird with 
Atlanta. now a hall g.lIne hehll1d 
L II1Cl nnJu and two lull games behind 
LA. 

And It h.lppened so rast. 

>Illglc tl) lelt to gilT Ihe hOSh their Ilrst 
le.,d 01 the g.IIllC 

Perh.lps the man.lgcr h,tencd too 
much to thc crowd 's dunt 01 
"Gooooo~e , Gooooosc" .when he hrnught 
111 the htghly-palu rchevef III thc clghth. 
Gossage dclil'crcd a homerun pit 'h to 

~llkc chmldt tll tle thc score .Il IOUf. 
DJI'c Dral'ccky CJme 111 to pitch thc 
I11nth . 

In Fmlay's gamc , thc story was long 
b.lll - at le.lst Phtladelph 1.1 's stol) was 
long ball. rhe ViSitOrs duhbed lour over 
the wall to rake a comc-from-behind b-4 
vIctory, snapplllg the Phtlhes' five -game 
10sll1g streak. Padre staner Ene ho\\ 
gave up JUSt lour hits In seven innings 
or work. However, twO 01 those were 
homers by Len MatLIszek t who drove 

DUring hamng pmclIec Just hdorc the 
gamc, former Padre outlteldcr IXto 
Lnc.lIlo blasted a shot ovcr the Idtficld 
\\'.111. Comll1g .Ifound the backstop aftcr 
thc hit, the haby-faced 30-ycar-old 
clenched his hsts .1Ild declared with a 
grin , "I still got it! " The next time hc 
saw a pltch was as a p1l1chhitter in thc 
ninth Inning, and he hacked up hiS 
edrlier claim with a two-run game-
wmncr hit 111 thc same dlrectlon as his 
e.lrher homerun . He crUised the bases 
With a gr1l1; he's sllll gOt It. And the 
Ph illics won . 

Third basell1an Graig Ncules and the Padres are taking a qUick dive through the NL West rankings. 

one OLlt in each or the three games) and 
Ozzie Virgil , Jr , but when Manager Dick 
Wilhams pulled -how In favor 01 rehc"er 
Rich (Goose) Gossage, the Padres' best 
,;tanlng pitcher stood to Will his Sixth 
game agall1st one loss an Diego held a 
4-2 lead ..It the time, thanks to a thlrd-
Inmng RBI sll1gle by tel'e G.llvey and a 
three- run outburst in the seve lllh olT 
reliever Kel'lI1 Gross . \\'ho had JUSt 
replaced ,taner t~ve Carlton Kcvll1 
~kReynolds. among the league leaders 
In b.lltlng average, home runs, runs 
batted In and slugging percentage, drove 
In Garve . and Terry Kennedy with a 

Game two saw only one homenlll , 
again n)' the Phillies, agalll in the ninth 
1I11111lg, again a two-run shot, aga1l1 J 
game-willner. thiS one by MatLIszek oil 
starter And)' Hawkins to nreak up a 1- L 
tie . S.1n Diego made a charge - the 
kllld of charge the tcam patented dunng 
the se,lson '5 first homestand - but as 
thlllg5 are gOlllg of hue, thl one fell 
short. as Garvey rollowed a two-out RBI 
slllgie by Gralg eules With a 11)' Out 
JgillllSt reliever AI Holland , keeping the 
ft nal score 3-2 Phtlhes. The San Diego 

loss plunged the Padres into third placc, 
one-half game behind the Reds hot 
CII1Clnnati team which IS making a 
cha rgc in the L West. 

Sund,IY was more of the same piled 
higher and deeper. A large artemuon 
crowd was .It hand to witness the 
se ries-capper and also to watch the 
Beach Boys concert which followed the 
game. For San Diego fans , the music 
was lar more enjoyable than the 
baseball , as Philly jumped out to a quick 
-i-O lead lollowing a fourth-inning solo 
homer by good 01' Matuszek. Garvey 
countered in the bottom of the firth 
With a solo shot or his own, but San 
Diego's fireworks were rew and far 
between en route to an 8-3 loss. Ed 

Whitson Jid little good in his five 
innings or pitching. and John Denny 
did little wrong in his seven innings of 
rour-hlt hurling for Philadelphia. 

This is the third consecutive year that 
the Beach Boys have held a concert 
lollowing a Padres game. and the dub is 
0-3 in those games. The Beach Boys 
jinx? 

Maybe . Maybe not. Good play breaks 
any jinx. Bad play gets ),OU a four-game 
lOSing streak. More bad play gets the 
Padres into fourth place But streaks 
come and go. The key is , of course , the 
pitching stan in general and the relief 
corps I n particular. When they revive 
the team revives. 

Until then ... look alit below. 

UNIVERSIlY CENTER REFERENDUM 
MAY 21 - 25 

The Student Center Board 
& 

The University Center Planning Committee 
urge your support of the 

University Center Referendum 
Please read your brochure this week and bring your questions to the information tables 

located at : 

Revelle Plaza 
Registrar's Office 

MOM 
Gym Steps 

Tables are open from 9:00 am to 4:00 pm, Monday - Friday, May 12 to May 18. 
Please stop by. 

VOTE NEXT WEEK! 
No fee increase until groundbreaking 

(No sooner than Fall or Winter quarter of the 85 ... 86 school year) 

This is your opportunity to enhance the quality of student life at UCSD 

TOGEIHER WE CAN MAKE A DIFFERENCE 

CIOIIitleel advefIllIlng space I. .old In 100 
charac:M Increments. EacII 1eIIe!, punc:tual1On 
mark and Ipace beIwNn worc:ll I. Conaldereel a 
dlarac:Mr. willi capital ....,. counting (II two 
cIIcIracMr •. th. rate I. $1.00 per 100 charac:lwl lor 
IIudenII and U .OO per 100 character. lor non-
1IudenII. You mutt come by the oIftce Of mall In 
your ad, QI _ ,equlr. pavnlen1 In acMJnc:. 01 
publication. Deadlln •• : 5 pm 'U"day 1o, 
Thunda\I'. paper; 5 pm Frtday lor MoncIay" paper. 
For more information, coli 462-l>I66. '". ~dlan, 
UCSO, 1-016, La Jolla, CA 92093. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Purlo"ners. food. folk ort. displays. ideas. energy for 
Cultural Fest. Rachel 457-0541 a AS oI1Ices. (5/24) 
Democrats - There Is an alternative to Hart ond 
Jackson Come to the 1st organizational mooflng of 
Students for Mondale, Tuesday, May 15 In the Multi-
Purpose Room In the Student Center. Go with a 
winner. (5/14) 
lIA meeting Wed. May 16. 110m North Conf. Rm .. 
Student Center. We will be electing offlcers fa next 
y9Ol. (5/1 4) 
Attention Fountain Valley HS Alumnll Class of 1979 
celebrales 5 yr reunion June 23 call 714-951-6669. 
(5/24) 
INSURANCE WARI We'lI beat any price or we don't 
want your business. Call 28&1135. Request UCSD 
Plan. (5/17) 
Wanted: Watermelon Queen. Reward: S50. n found, 
please turn in al Revelle Prov: s OIc. by 6/4. (5/17) 
Earn S500.00 per 1000 envelopes stuffed. Send a self-
addresed. stamped envelope to. AKRAM PO Box 
A3576 Chicago, IL 60690. (5/1 4) 
Want to wor1< onAS programming next year? (shOWS. 
films, etc.) Good experience. Rachel 457-0541 PoSAP. 
(5/24) 
"FUSION TOKAMAK Heat Transfer Anolysls" will be 
given by Clement Wong 01 GA Technologies on 
Wed. May 16 at 7:30 pm In UH 2102. Ihls program IS 
sponsored by theASME MachanlcalEng. Club.(5/14) 
Get wet. wild. and crazy at the Delta Gamma Splash 
on May 141 (5/14) 
All you gorgeous men. You're still In luck. Mature, 
attractive women of Argo 405's and 410's are stili 
available for the semi-formal. We're T.M F. (5/14) 

FOR SALE 
Battlezone arcade video game. In excellent 
condition S250 firm. Call Steve 455-5792. (5/14) 

ACROSS 
I l,At 
2 r. MA I 
3 (i Af 
C MfAI 
5 " AI 
ti "'AI 
7 0JeAI 
a I( AI 

9 VAl 
10 rnf II 
II "Ai 
12 1h"AI 
r3 'AI 
14 ~I I 
15 '.1"" 

OOWN 
I NMR 
2 VO! 
3 HfM(, 
4 lUX 
5 NOB 
6 NPB I 
1 NCB r 
a fe,l N"< 

9 GRE PSYCH 
10 CRE RIO 
It ACHIEVEM[NI <, 
t 2 NUA<;IN(, HtJ 
13 cPA 
II ~ PH!i Af AOINI. 
tS l '1 REVlfW 
t6 1Nmn 10 

tAW "tHOOI 

CLASSES ON CAMPUS 

~·H 
• PlAN 
EDUCATIONAL CENTER 

( 1'1 h' I ....... "".· ... . · ',1 

Son Diego Center 
2180 Garnet Ave .. Suite 2D 
Pacific Beach 92109 
(619) 270-6810 
M.L. McNulty, Administrator 

SURfBOARD. !win fin, ex condition, Ultro-i1ghl. 5'9". 
fast & maneuvemblel S95. 454-3410. (5/14) 
Motorcycle: HONDA TWlnstar 10 mloge. great 
cond'n super roadbike S6750.b o. + helmels 450-
9048 (5/24) 
Beach Trailer. Exc. Encinitas location. Super sharp. 
753-1813. (5/14) 
77 Trans am. oc/ps/pb/p.N, S800 stereo. new block, 
centerlines. runs and looks great, must sell, 53700 or 
bast offer, Steve 453-9719. (5/14) 
7'Z' Surfboard for beginners. S25 orbo. Call Dan481 -
8919. (5/1 4) 
Flute: Gemeinhardt in perlecf condition. With case. 
Paid (N9f 5400. Will sell for S350 or basi. Sharon 942-
2284. (5/17) 
4 Sale: 100 watt tube omp (ampeg). Two 12" 
speakers. S175 or bo. Call Dave at 481 -8919 eves. 
(5/17) 
4 stage level seats ta Thomas Dolby/Modern English. 
May 19 at SDSU. Best offer. Petei' 582-9443 call befae 
9 pm. (5/14) 
Queen size waterbed with 6 drawel' pedestal and 
headbOard S250 a best otter. Revere COOkWare for 
sole. Call Howard a Marci at 454-2839. 481 -3032 a 
leave a message at 454-2815. (5/14) 
Surfboard six foot. single fin. rounded pin with leash. 
$95 0b0. Call Jack 452-0479. (5/17) 
6'8' surfboard. S20 or b .O. COli Dave at 481 -8919. 
(5/17) 

SERVICES 

WORD PROCESSING: Speedy service. Pickup & 
delivery on campus. Call Andy at 279-8056. (6/7) 
I TYPE AND EDIT FOR Sl .50 per page. Excellent. fasl 
service. Call Elaine. 224-0329. (5/17) 
Get TYPEDI Term papers. manuscripts. S1 per page. 
English M.A Janet 454-4659 10 am-9 pm. (5/14) 
Typing, word processing. tape tranSCription. Quality 
work at reasonable rates. Lo .Jolla. Sandy. 459-5818. 
(6/7) 
UNWANIED HAIR REMOVED PERMANENTLY near 
campu1 La JOlla ProfeSSional G:enter. 8950 Villa La 
Jolla Dr. Suite 1 t6O-C Call for appt 457-4039. (6/7) 
Typingl Word Processlngl Rush JObsl lerm ~, 
theses, resumes, transcription .Jennifer @ 274-5005. 
(6/7) 
TYPING: IBM RUSH .JOBS term papers theses 
dissertation:, editing 453-0656 (eve) 452-1588. (6/7) 
Manuscripts. theses. dissertatIOns. resumes typed 
Experienced. S1 page DS Betty 755-4779. (5/24) 

Business and 
TechnicallVlajors 

Highly responsible positions 
for college seniors and 
graduates (through age 34) in 
financial and logistic support. 
The Navy Supply Corps needs 
highly qualified, dynamic 
individuals to lead and 
manage large inventory and 
fina ncial networks . Salary 
$18.500 to start, $34,000 after 
4 years. Excellent benefits 
package. Need BAlBS, U.S. 
citizenship. Call Naval 
Management Programs at 293-
6691, Mon-Wed, 8 am- 4 pm. 

If you have 
_ dIarrhea that 

began withIn the last 48 hrs and 
would like to partIcipate In an 
Investlgatlornll drug study at the 
V.A. HospItal call Cheryl 
Beaumont or Steve Pandol M.D. 
/453-75001 ext 3284 for more 
Info. Upon completion of the 
study you will receive 525. 

Typing/Ward Proc. Theses/Diss/Papers. Experienced 
- Reasonable Rates - Top quality. Vista 726-3087. 
(5/17) 
Typrng S1/pg discount w/ this ad. At Klnko'sCoples In 
W Village Sq. (across from campus) 232-9797. (6/7) 
Top Drawer Secretarial Service reports. manuscnpts. 
resumes. letters. Reasonoble call 481 -4160. (6/7) 
BlIke Secretanal Try our typlngl Rush jobs specialty 
- flexible hrs. La .lollo 455-6310 days/457-3842 eve. 
(6/7) 
MAGIC FIN<:.ERS. IYPlng done fast & accurate. 
S1.25/page. Call Susan 457-5638 eves & wkds. 
(5/14) 
Women Incest survivors Ihel'apy group forming to 
meet Ftl or Sat beginning in May. S20 per session. Call 
Julie or Ann 459-2100. (5/21) 

lOST Be FOUND 
Found: change wallet on 5/3 at Third College. Call to 
identity. Sandy 753-2395. (5/21) 
Found: 1 gold earring in USB on 5/7. Identity to cla im. 
Call 455-1875. (5/17) 
Found. SkatebOard first week of May ot Muir Call to 
Identity. Tom 483-5436. (5/17) 
Lost: 0 mo old black & wnlte fem cat wearing a flea 
collar. Lost 5/4 on Muir. Call Autumn or Mark. (w) 
452-6771 a (h) 270-8243. (5/ 17) 
Lost: Reclangular money clip. It has the initials R.J.R. 
on it. n found please call Bob at 299-1 221 . Has 
sentimental value only (5/21) 

WANTED 

Daughters 18 and Oller 01 dl\l()(ced homosexual and 
heterosexual mothers needed fa research study 
Only 2-3 hrs. of your time needed. All is confidential. 
Call 459-2100 Jeave message for Julie. Please helpl 
(5/14) 
Need some scholorshlP money next year? lhe 
ALBA'OO Scholarship Socrety is looking for Mexlcan-
Ame<lcan queen candldate~ Winner Wlil represent 
the organization and reign OIer the Black & White 
Boll. Candidates must be 18-25 years old Contact 
x3493 for apphcatlons. (5/14) 

Woodstock did you go? Infervrews needed. Call 453-
0033 (5/14) 

Crew persons needed for local & wortdwlde trrps. 

LlJDLLI 
CU'i'i'U1 
CDIJUT 

737 Pearl 
La Jolla 

456-1170 
456-1815 

PRECISION 
HAIRCUTS 

for men and women 

Call American Sailing Assoclction at 273-3013. 
(5/17) 
Employmenf Oppartuntty. Wonted: Part-lime 
editor/typist, preferably with word processing 
baCkground (Wang) needed for challenging work 
on behalf of a New Zealand University. Mutually 
acceptobie time arrangement. Call Alan or Sylvia 
for more detail - 459-541 4 CI 459-3471 (5/17') 
Revelle COllege IS looking foro few seedy studenls to 
run for Wat9lmelon Queen. Apply a t Prov 's OIc. 

HOUSING 
Encinitas - no()-smol<lng woman to share home. 
ONn bdm/both S325 + , uti I. 942-0178 or 692-9446 
PMs. (5/14) 
One person to share w/ Single owner brand new 
lownhouse In La Jolla w/ Jacuzzi. garage. two blks. 
from Wind-N-Sea beach S600 per mo. 454-
0483/454-6231. (5/1 4) 
3 spaces avail. In great condo. 1 mosterand 1 single. 
3 pooislJacuzzis. 2 tennis cts. M or F. no smoke. on free 
bus roule just behind UTC. Must seal S240/mo. +1/5 
utll. Summer sublet only 452-8537. (5/29) 

PERSONALS 
Would you like to be president of vices: L1A officer 
elections. Wed. May 16. 110m North Conf. Rm Stu. 
Cn!. (5/14) 
What would you do ~ your fiance said, "Sorry 
honeydew. but I cant-aloupe"? S50 & the coveted 
post of Watermelon Queen goes to the seediest 
response. Apply at tna Provost's Office by 6/4. (5/17) 
John - Is It only six months? Ivlore hke a IKetime. 
Maybe several IifetlfTl9S. You have my lave. but you 
know that. (5/14) 

TRAVEL 
Council travel/CIEE provides informotlon on student 
charters. rollpasses. Inri student Id's, hostel cards. 
tours for ages 18-35. work and study programs, and 
much more. Slop by the Student Centel' Of call 452-
0630. (6/7) 
AIRFARES, Worldwide for students. Inri student I.D. 
cards. tours. railposses. e)(pel1enced advice. All your 
travel needs - Student Travel Network. 1551 
Camino del Rio Soutl) - 692-9213 (6/7) 

-----------------T-------------------PRECISION HAIRCUT PERM $32.50 
women, $13. 511 
men, $11 

(long hair extra) 
~-------------------

Includes shampoo, cut & blow dry 
(long hair exira) CELLOPHANE $15 

Sunrise to Sunset 
Our Dentists are Available 

• 24-Hour Emergency Service 
• Saturdays 
• Faculty, Staff & Student Rates . 

Call for Information 

455-9151 
~--- r--------~---------------, l _~ ~ I Gel Acquainted Offer I 

; ~~€= I l $ 2 9 In!I~~=~~stiC X-Rays l 
O V "\ ,/ I • Examination I 
,_'., \..:(/_M'_-O I I '" I . • Prophy (cleaning) I 

I I hI> >""~I.I "Ol v .. l,d I 
.1 VILLA LA JOLLA OR .. 11501 1 __ 1AI~l.:!'~ ~~ ~':.;, ____ O.!!'::. ::.x~~~5l~B! ___ J 



~~ ......... 'V ~.... • .... .' .. : ...... =-:t::.. '. 't . 

Makeagoocl 
before you say 

cM1 

Buying your leased phone now saves you time and money next term. 
This year, don't leave for home 

without your phone. Buy it before sum-
mer and ave yourself some time and 
money. Buying your AT&T leased 
phone now means you'll have your 
phone with you th v ry first day back 
to class. 

To buy th phone you'r 1 a ing, 
just call AT&T onsumer ales & 

ervice's toll -free number. r visit 

any of ur AT&T owned and operated 
Phone enters. It's that easy. So can us 
before you say goodbye. Then unplug 
your phone and take it with you. And 
have a nice summer. 

1-800-555-8111 
LalJ this toil -fret' numb 'r 24 hour ' a day. 

Pacific Beach 
1850 Garnet Avenue 

AlaT · 


