
--.. - ---

,/ 



2 Thut ,ti<1h Otl. II . I91H 

San Diegans wlll have an opportunIty 
to pamcipate in' a natinal teleconference 
on "star wars" defense technology. the 
nuclear freeze and the nuclear arms race 
at 5 pm on Monday, October 15. A 
panel of local experts meeting on the 
UC D campus wlll dl uss the Issue 
raised m the national teleconference m 
a local cable cast ,It 7 pm immediately 
following the national debate . 

Breailing the Sw/cmalc Will feature 
s lenUStS, government officials , religious 
leaders and milital)' experts. Home 
viewers and organized vle\\~ng groups 
around the nation WIll have Ihe 
opportUntty to ask questions of the 
panehsts. DUring the program. an 
electroniC viewer survey wtll be 
condu ted vIa the 900-number DIal-it 
S}'stem. 

The teleconference wtll be aIred on 
Cox Cable (ch . 24), outhwestern Cable 
(ch. 15). American Cable (c h. 6A). and 
on Daniels Cable (c hs. 13 and 30). A 
viewing center WIll be open to the 
pubhc dUring the national cablecast and 
the local panel dIscussion at Garren 
Audnori um . 

o 
A University of California analysis has 

predicted "financIal chaos and an 
administrative nightmare" for the 
University if PropOSition 36 receives 
voter approval in ovember. 

While noting that the mltlatlve's 
applicability to the University is unclear 
and may have to be deCIded m court . 
the study says the impending hmltations 
could harm the quala}' of UCs teac hmg. 
research and public service programs. 

The UC Board of Regents , at ItS July 
meeting, passed a resolution opposing 
Proposltlon 36 '' In the strongest terms 
possible." It IS o ne of the few times m 
Univers Ity hIStory that the Regents have 
taken a formal position on a political 
Issue . 

The University is espeCIally 
concerned about tWO sectlons of the 
initiative that would potentially affec t its 
ability to set fee levels for programs . 
servIces and construction . 

Proposition 36 would requIre a rwo-
thIrds vote of the legIslature or the local 
electorate to increase taxes and fees 
beyond the cost of "direct benefits" and 
mllation. 

The Univers ity also relies on the sale 
of revenue bonds to finance the 
construction of auxiliary enterprises 
such as housing, student unions , athletic 
and recreatlonal facilitles, and parking 
structures. Fees charged to service these 
bonds might also be. subject to legislative 
vote , according to the UC study. 

The University's bond counsel has 
predicted that if the initiative IS 
approved, it will be impOSSible to seU 
any revenue bonds without a two-thirds 
vote of the legislature. 

"The quality of the University's 
teaching, research and public service 
programs could suffer if state support is 
reduced due to the effects of 
Proposition 36 on state and local 

revenues." the stud}' says. 
The Board of Regents has labeled 

Proposillon 36 a constitutional Issue as 
well ubstantial authOrity for managmg 
the affairs of the UniverSity-for 
example , seUlng fees - could sh ift from 
the Regents to the legislature if the 
Inttlatlve IS deemed to apply to UC 
programs . 

PropOS lllon 36 "could result In the 
most severe blolV to the independence 
of the University of Cahfornia" in ItS 
104 years of political autonomy, 
according to Regents General Counsel 
Donald Reidhaar. 

o 
Ease the difficulty 0 entering the Job 

market by attending the "Careers in 
Journalism - How to Break IntO the Job 
Market" seminar on October 17 . The 
seminar is being held at the Universi ty 
Club. 

The seminar, which runs from 5:30-
7:30 pill , bnngs together professional 
journalists who will proVide mSlghts and 
offer advice to those wishing to enter 
the journahsm field. Topics to be 
covered include television reporting, 
advertiSing, radio reporting, freelance 
writing and public relallons. Following 
the presentations will be a question-
and-answer session. 

'This is the third year we've held a 
seminar on journalism careers during 
Women's OppOrtUnity Week," said 
Heymg. "All the participants feel this is 
a worthwhile seminar both for the 
potential journalists as well as 
themselves. It's not very often that 
members of L" ~ lournalism field get 
together to d l ISS thelr experiences 
and share thL deas in an informal 
setting." 

The seminar will be held in the 
Alumni Room at the Untversiry Club, 
1333 Seventh Ave . There will be an 
admIssion charge of $2 to cover 
cocktails , hors d 'oeuvres and work 
materials . 

For more information contact Jennifer 
Elliott at 235-4050. Free parking is 
available. 

o 
A new publication within the social 

sciences, written and pubhshed by 
undergraduates, will make its debut in 
the spring of 1985. The Undergraduate 
Journal of the SOCial Studies will contain 
essays from undergraduates from 
colleges and universities across the 
country on topics within the fields of 
economics, government , history and 
philosophy. There will be a $1,000 cash 
prize awarded to the author of the best 
essay. 

The prize will be awarded on the 
baSIS of the clarity, depth , schola rly 
integnty and presence of an 
understandmg of the truly 
interdisciplinaty nature of the social 
studies. Term papers and condensed 
versions of senior theses are acceptable, 
and any number of essays may be 
submitted . All work must include 

~---------~----------~ 
--

I f- ' ! . 
0 

, ' I 
_ L..I.. I i 
-+- 1> ~ '. i f-t-I'll iL.*_ I.. t-~ il ~ ill' ~ 1- 1 .. 10. ~ 

-

.J.j I., ~ I .. ~. 
=8 Er"TI I .. II ... ~ 1\1 • ~ I'"~ .. 

'" 
,,,'" ,~"" ,., IfM(il' 

II IL [.;. I , 
0\ , .. f] rar .. ~. .1=3 IFI ( I I 

I I 

Cover: Space Wars may not be a thing of the very 
distant future after Ronald Reagan's 1983 caU for the 
scientific community to develop a system of space-based 
weapons to "deter nuclear threats" against the United 
States. UCSD has received a $250,000 grant to look into 
the controversial "Star Wars" proposal. See cover story, 
page 7. 

News: Ralph Nader comes to tovm, ever on the offensive as he 
chastises the President but refuses to throw his support behind 
Mondale. Also, a UCSD professor wins the 1984 FrederickJackson 
Turner Award . 

Opinions: Commentary on voting for issues rather than images, a 
student's opinion on the "Star Wars" defense proposal , plus letters 
and Doonesbury. 

Perspectives: A different perspective on the issue of child 
molestation. It's a subject we hear about constantly on the news, 
but how much do we really know about the problem? 

Sports: Women's soccer coach John Leaney leads his team 
through a "building" year. Also, the best diver in the world, El 
Cajon's Greg Louganis, comes to UCSD to show off his stuff. 
Hiatus: A look at the San Diego Rep's production of two Eugene 
O'Neill plays, plus an audition for movie casting at UCSD. Features 
include "Artist InSight," a look at the works and the ideas of local 
artists, "Bob's Book Report ," and "Goings On." 

COVER GRAPHIC BY JEFF RANJO & DANTE FUGET 
C> 1984, AMATiON STUDIOS 

foomotes and a complete bibliography. 
Graduates in the class of 1984 are 
invited to submit work done while an 
undergraduate. . 

The deadline for essays is October 15 . 
If there are any questions concerning 
any aspect of the Journal , contact 
Amanita Duga, editor-in-chu;:f, College of 
Social Studies at Wesleyan University, 
Middletown , CT. 

o 
The first nationwide Trivial Pursuit 

Challenge for Easter Seals will take place 
in less than twO months. Players in 
every state of the country are eagerly 
searching for sponsorship dollars from 
local businesses, organizations, 
corporations, friends and neighbors as 
the event nears . 

Occurring in 82 cities across the 
country the week of November 12-18, 
this event will tt:am up an estimated 
40 ,000 trivia fanatics from coast to coast 
to play the nation's most popular board 
game and raise a targeted $1 million for 
Easter Seals. 

In San Diego, the event will be .held 
Sunday, November 18 in the Miss ion 
Bay Room at the Bahia Resort Hotel. 
Officials at the Easter Seal Society of San 
Diego County are anticipating 100 
teams of four players each for the day-
long ··Challenge." KFMB Radio's own 
"trivial twosome ," Hudson and Bauer, 

will serve as honorary c haIrmen. 
For more information contact Scott 

Broadbent at 576-5834. 
o 

The faculty a t UC Santa Barbara has 
approved a new basic curriculum 
intended to prOVide students with 
greater breadth and coherence in their 
undergraduate studies. 

The revis ion of the "general 
education" requirements- those courses 
students must take outside their majors 
in order to meet graduation 
requirements-applies to students in the 
College of Letters and SCience, the 
school's largest undergraduate college. 

Beginning in fall 1985, aU entering 
students must complete the new 
requirements that emphasize "major 
areas of thought arrd knowledge a 
broad cultural base, courses that' are 
central [0 a diSCipline and requi re 
critical thinking," according to C. 
Warren Hollister, professor of history 
and former chair of the faculty general-
education committee. 

The general education curriculum will 
be divided into six "areas": English 
reading and compOSition , foreign 
language, science and technology. social 
sciences, civlization and thought, and 
arts and literature. 

- Sean WagsufI 

~IC AATlSlSI JOHN AGNOf, ~ ~t.EE. M/4IIf., ,1 KA 
PHOT<JCiMPHIM: KHf ASHLEI. EDWARD I5IWL PJCH P£QIIK f/ID( SOF1LY 
STAfF WTERSI lAIG 0[f\NAN). EJlWf FlEfl.ST, r>/IJ>j F~I\G. ~ HU l\OIE1\llEONE. K8&IY 

t.'ICHAEI. PAATOS. YEN TAYlOl\ PASlE·lWAAmii; JOHN"~"~'iBr, ,..u:~·5itWlH..GCiLiMA Rja.. ..... _ .. 
'fVIII5E1"IW: JOE ODIDENO, KEN F\M, ................ ,.. ~ 
IU5MSS OM 

Thursday. Oct. II, 1984 3 
," . . NE~ 

Nader hits La]olla, condemns candidates 
By JAMES RALPH P APP, SWff Writer 

L ast Saturday afternoon over 100 people squeezed themselves into the courtyard of D.G. Wills' 
bookstore on Prospect Place to hear 
Ralph Nader urge them on to their 
duties as citizens. Although no one 
answered when he asked if any there 
had not yet registered to vote, Nader 
was still able to encourage the crowd to 
think about whom they would vote for, 
consider the issues and discuss them 
with their friends and neighbors. 

Even when some onlookers asked for 
it , and at least one demanded it, Nader 
refused to publicly support any 
Presidential candidate, also turning 
down suggestions that he run for the 
position himself, saying that some 
people needed to stay on the outside of 
government, examining what goes on 
inside. 

the many invitations to both of the 
candidates for appearances on network 
television shows were refused . because 
the candidates were afraId of television 
time that they did nor have control over. 

He condemned the image-making 
advertising of both major-party 
candidates and deplored the fact that 
people would heave to make decisions 
in November based on 3D-second 
presentations, pOinting out that so far 

Although Nader. even with much 
urging, refused to publicly back Walter 
Mondale , he devoted most of his hour's 
worth of extemporaneous speaking [0 
removing the Ronald Reagan image and 
pOinting OUt the damage the President 
has done to the environment , the rights 
of consumers, children, the a~ed and to 
American liberties in general. Among his 
examples was that of a President who 
tries to cut hOUSing aid to the elderly 
and attempts to have inspection of 
nursing homes put into the hands of 
the nursing home industry, having his 
picture taken at the opening of a new 
such home recently, an example that 
Vice President Mondale used in Sunday 
night's debate. 

Activist Ralph Nader accused Ronald Reagan oj giving people images instead of inJormation. 
Nader acc used Reagan of giving 

people images rather than information. 
Then he attacked Reagan's promises 

to reduce to size of government, 

pOinting out that not only had the 
Federal government grown under 
Reagan 's administration, but that it had 
engaged in increased illegal activities 
and had tried to move into more 
personal matters of the American people 
and examine their private affairs. 

Mter Reagan. he turned his speech 
towards the responsibilities of vote rs, 
pointing out that 50% of Americans 
ignore their right to vote while people 
in other countries are fighting and 
dying for the same right. 

He related an episode from a trip of 
his to Australia , a country that 
automatically registers citizens as voters 
and requires them to vote (with few 
oceasion5 for prosecutions of people 
who have not). He drew his cab driver, 
whom he suspected of independent, if 
not redneck tendencies, out on the 
subject of mandatory voting, and the 
driver surprised him by defending the 
"practice" with "It's a civic duty. ain't it?" 

Nader reminded us that in the last 
Presidential election only 27% of college 
students voted and condemned the idea 
that politics should be a forbidden 
subject among neighbors and 
acquaintances. 

THE FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES 

Department of State 
Department of Commerce 
U.S. Inforlnation Agency 

Compete to become a Foreign Senice Officer 

Applications are now being accepted for the Foreign Senice 
Written Examination, which will be held on December 1, 1984. They 
must reach the Educational Testing Senice in Princeton, New Jersey 
by October 19, 1984. ' , 

Obtain the official application booklet at your administrative/ 
placement office on campus, or telephone f703~ 235-9369 for a copy. 

A Foreign Senice career is much more than just a job; it is a 
way of life requiring commitment, sell-discipline and sacrifice. 
However, the opportunity for personal growth and satisfaction, as 
well as the possibility of influencing the course of history, could 
be yours. =-~r..:: .... \~::\,. ~ ~ ~~ 

, Take the FSO examination on December 1. 
A. Equal ()ppottWlity Employer 

~ 
r. 
.., 

C 

~ 
.~ 

~ 
< 

He is promoting debates among local 
figures to immediately precede public 
showings of the next Presidential 
debate , for greater clarification among 
the voters viewmg the sometimes 
inconclusive exchanges. That the 
candidates should be the ones to decide 
the number of debates rather than the 
voters struck ader as further taking 
away from the rights and 
responsibilitites of those who elect 
rather than are elected . 

Mter his comments were over. Nader 
answered a long series of questions and 
finished his time at the bookstore by 
autographing books brought along for 
the occasion, then went to a benefit 
being held in another pan of La Jolla. 

He invited supporte rs of various 
causes to announce meetings or other 
actions taking place, which several did, 
handing Out information as well. Nader's 
group handed out information with the 
slogan "The Difference in '84," and 
before departing Nader arranged for 
newsl!!tters to be sent to D.G. Wills. and 
he introduced the idea of holding a live 
debate at UCSD preceding a public 

.showing of the next Presidential 
debate. Eil 

II 
.!I 
! 

" .. ~:I 
.. " 



4 Thursday, OCI. II, 1984 

Vote issues, not feelings 
By W J. SCHACHT 

Lauri Shirck's recent article, 
"Students for Reagan," echoes most of 
the "arguments" in the Republican 
campaign and platform regarding the 
rediscovery and rebirth of "traditional" 
American values. These traditional 
values and beliefs, according to Ms. 
Shlrck, are encapsulated in the phrases 
"determination ," 'opportunity," "self-
reliance," "ingenuity ," "courage" and 
"patriotism." Conspicuously absent from 
discussion about "education, the 
economy, Ce ntral America, taxes and 
national defense" are any facts, fi gures, 
statistics, explanations, theories-any 
tangible evidence for voting [or or 
against anyone. 

Instead , what we are supposed to 
base our Presidential decision on is a 
series of emotional appeals representing 
some nebulous inner feelings that have 
"inspired" and "motivated" the "youth of 
this country." Critics of the Reagan 
administration have contended that the 
Republicans and therr leader run on 
image instead of substance. They, 
naturally, emphatically deny this . So 
now we have the president of the 
College Republicans telling us that her 
primary reason for supporting her 
candidate is "not essentially a pohtical 
one." Ms. Shirck then goes on to tick oIT 
all the marvelous feelings about ISsues that 
we should-at the "bottom line"-allow 
ourselves to rest our Presidential votes on. 

There are others who feel that the 
issues themselves, in all their dilTicult 
and often tedious complexities, ought to 
determine a voter's choice rather than 

an appeal to traditions, beliefs, 
superstitions or blind patriotism-the 
"fundamental sympathies" and "values" 
of Ms. Shirck's ilk. 

However, in your defense, Ms. Shirck, 
there was one prominent leader who 
began his political career espousi ng the 
identical argument about the nature of 
political decision-making. He said that 
the "driving force of the most important 
changes in this world had been found 
less in scientific knowledge animating 
the masses but rather in a fanatcism 
dominating them and in a hysteria 
which drives them forward." 

Thus, according to this theoritician, 
the intellectual coment of political 
propaganda must be as simple as 
possible . "All effective propaganda has 
to limit itself to a very few points and to 
use them like slogans .... It has to 
confine itself to little and to re peat this 
etemally." A leader ought not to discuss 
an issue in all facets and complications. 
Everything ought LO be in terms of 
patriotism and emotional appeal, "a 
suggestively biased attitude ... towards 
the questions to be dealt wi th ." One 
historian sums up this politican's 
argument this way: "Because the masses 
are not acting upon intellectual 
considerations ... the effectiveness of a 
message depends not on its truth, but 
only on the fanatacism and the passion 
with which it is conveyed: to a properly 
presented appeal the masses will respond 
by accepting what they are told ." 

> co TINUED ON PAGE 6 > 

ll®fdt®rr~ll®1dt®)j~ll®frfr®rr~llcefrfr®rr~ll®frfr®rr~ll®frt 
frcerr~lettersll®fdt®)j~ll®frfr®)j~ll®frfr®rr~ll®frfr®)j 

rr~ll®ilit<elf~ll®frfr®rr~ll®frfr®)j~ll®frtt®rr~ll®frfr®rr~ll( 
llcefdt®rr~ll®1dt®rr~ll®ttfr®rr~ll®tttt®rr~ll®frfr®rr~ll®fr{ 
Cheers for Leone 
Editor: 

Cheers for Robert Leone and his 
9/ 27/ 84 editorial on recent gralTiti 
vandalism. This sort of behavior clearly 
comes from the same instinct that 
causes male dogs to "sign" every vertical 
surface with their urine. I suppose it is 
va luable to be reminded how much of 
the animal still survives in us , but I find 
it hard to be grateful to these "teachers." 

Alan Beerbower 

Insult to Workers 
Editor. 

Recently local newspapers carried an 
AP story that was an appalling insult to 
Amencan workers. Accordtng to the 
story, some econom ic analysts said high 
employment could be harmful LO the 
economy. Their argument was that if a 
lot of people are working and earning 
paychecks, the re will be too much 
money around "chasing too few goods: 
thus causing inflation. 

This absurd a rgument ignores the fact 
that if people are worktng (ilt reill Jobs, 
not phony govemment make-workJobs) , 
then they are produc.:ing more goo s 
and se rvices! 

When people work, they create real 
wealth , not dollars. The money supply is 
co ntrolled by the govemment thTOugh 
the Federal Reserve System. inflation , or 
"tOO many dollars chasing too lew 
goods: is caused by the Federal 

Reserve. We Libertarians believe that 
after so many people have been out of 
work for so long, it is adding insult to 
injury to blame them for mflation now 
that they are finding jobs again. 

Sara Baase 
Libertarian Candidate 

41st Congressional District 

Flag-Waving Fluff 
Editor: 
Lauri Shlrck's article , "Students for 
Reagan" 00/8/84), sounded much like 
the politial fluIT onlMllight expect from 
Nancy herself. It began intell igently 
enough, listing a few issues where many 
people would agree that Reagan 's 
administration has done a good job, but 
then seemed to degenerate into a lot of 
splash and bubhle with very little 
substance. "Self-reliance , hard work , 
ingenuity, patriotism and courage" are 
charactenstics of Americans, not 
Republicans. Buzzwords like "vigor and 
boldness" o r "clear thinking, action and 
opportunity" sound very nice hut tell us 
nothing about what Reagan has done. A 
few things you Will never hear I n any of 
Shlrck's anicles: Reagan has built the 
national debt so high that we ;!re now a 
debtor nation :md must pay over $100 
billion per year in interest alone. Far 
more Americans are Iivmg in poveny 
than when Reagan lOok office, many of 

I-C-O-N-T-LN-U"-::E=D-O~N-:-::-PA-:-:G::-::E=-S::------") 

Star Wars Defense: 
What it means to US 
By DA Y1D T. MOUTOUX 

On the face of it, everyone should 
welcome the hope held out by President 
Reagan's Star Wars plan, hope for a 
world in which nuclear weapons can be 
rendered "impotent and obsolete." 

It is imperative , however, that we look 
beyond the glossy rhetoric and 
generalities with which Administration 
spokespeople have been trying to sell 
this scheme and search out the facts. 
We must strive to determine what kind 
of world a Star Wars defense would 
bequeath to future generations. Such a 
searching examination exposes the 
President's vision as, at best. an 
appealing illusion. At worst, it is a 
cynical hoax on the American people. 
Far from making us more secure, pursuit 
of a Star Wars defense-estimated to 
cost berween $300 and $1000 billion-
will only spark a new round in an 
already ruinously expensive and 
perilously dangerous arms race . 

Support for the President's iII-
considered proposal is founded on at 
least five pemicious myths. 

First is the myth of MAD. A sponsor 
of last year's so called People Protection 
Act has claimed, "What the President 
has proposed is no less than a moral 
recovery in American strategiC policy 
which would take us from the horror of 
MAD [Mutual Assured Destruction ] to 
the promise of mutual assured survival." 
This fallacy must be laid to rest, once 
and for all. 

There is not, nor has there ever been, 
an official US MAD policy. Assured 
destruction is not a doctrine which can 
be discarded at will, any more than it 
can be replaced with one of "mutual 
assured survival." MAD is a tragic 
technological fact of life. an inescapable 
consequence of the United States/Soviet 
nuclear competition . And it is a fact of 
life Star Wars can do nothing to change. 

The Defensive Technology Study Team 
(Fletcher Report) acknowledged this in 
its statement that the proposed five -
year, $25 billion Star Wars research and 
development effolt "drives [the Soviets] 
to try and develop possible 
countermeasures, increase emphasis on 
their air-breathing forces and conduct 
research and development on new 
fa milies of weapons delivery systems." 
Far from disposing of the nuclear threat, 
a Star Wars defense would only spur the 
development of new means of nuclear 
devastation. 

The cost of building up our air 
defenses against new Soviet cruise 
missiles and bombers, which are 
immune to space weapons, must thus be 
charged to the Star Wars account. It 
would cost more than $100 billion 
simply to reconstruct air defenses 
equivalent to those we had in the early 
1960s against a relatively small Soviet 
bomber force. It is more dilTicult to 
estimate what it would cost to attempt 
to counter such other feasible offensive 
measures as depressed trajectory 
submarine-launched ballistic missiles. 

Second is the myth of the last move . 
It is illogical to assume that either 
superpower will abandon the capabHity 
'J f inflicting devastating damage on each 
other. It is naive to assume the means to 
continue to be able to do so will not be 
found . And it is insane to assume that a 
US Star Wars effolt will force the Soviets 
to concede US superiority at the arms 
reduction table. Rather, as the Future 
Sec urity Strategy Study (Hoffman Report) 
acknowledges, "They would be more 
likely to respond with a continuing 
buildup of their long-range oITensive 
forces: 

A central component of Reagan 's 

> CONTINUED ON PAGE 6 > 

Pull Your Head Out 
In case you haven't noticed, there's an election 
coming up in three weeks, preceded 
by a series of debates 
between the 
candidates, 
So pull your 
head out 
and get 
interested, 

WE 
KNOW 
YOU'RE 

IN 
THERE. 

ll®frfrcerr~ll®frfr®1i~ll®frfr( 
frcerr~ letters ll®frfr<e)j~ 
rr~ll®frfr®)j~ll®frfr®rr~ll~ 
ll®frfr®rr llcefrfr®rr~llcefrfr® 
< CONTINUED FROM PAGF 4 < 
them workmg narder than Reagan. or 
Mondale ever did . Reagan has blocked 
needed action 10 protect th( 
environme nt and is so lax It! enforCing 
eXisting laws that corporations are 
openly defying pollution standards. 

I am not telling you 10 vote for 
Mondale. If, after examining Mondale's 
platform and Reagan's record, you 
decide to vote for Reagan, by all means 
do so. But a democratic e lection should 
be based on iments and actions, not on 
deciding who can wave the flag higher 
and repeat more patriotic slogans. 

Cliff Maat 

Why write a letter to the editor? 
1) To express yourself on a 

burning issue of our time. 
2) To prove to everyone that you 

really do know how to write. 
3) To get your name in print in a 

highly respected publication. 
4) Because we would like to hear 

what you have to say. 
Go ahead, make our day, Write, 

II <eilit<elr ~ll <eilitcelr$ll <eilit( 
frcelr$lettersllceilitceIr~ 
lr$ll<eilit<elr$llceilit<eIr$ll<e 
II ceilitcelr $ll ceilitcelr $ll ceilit< 

Doonesbury 

€XCIJSCMfP 
HAVtltVEJUN 
fAIIlITIN6 /iJNG 7lJ 
SC€ MIlS ClJN6fJON7 

100N'r 
THINK SO. 
MAY~ YOU 
MOW MY 
IAI{)RJ(. 1M 
AN ACrO/< , 

THAT'5n;t I 
54W '!WIN 

THAT NEJc/ /?£A5IW 
COMMfII.CIAlJ ill'! 
PlAYfH?.UT ME 
56C .. YUJnA.'fUI •• 

\ 

I MeAN. I CJW1 lie; CUTAIN. (1' 
ca.RSt. 81fT IT ste.+tI:tJ t«:RTH 
1fXJ/(JN(i INTO, )QJ K!OAJ, 7lJ S€& 
If IT /4KJKJ(£J) an; If IT fUT 
RJGHT ANO .. I .. IJH .. 

I15/(NjA5 
1!I15/fJ.i./116 
SOHi7HJ1t3 r 
8W€1IE IN, ru 
Give: YaJ €'I€I?f. 
THIM; M 6I)T.' 

/ 

Thursday. Oct . 11 , 1984 5 

BY GARRY TRUDEAU 

I CJW'T 
5TANP 

IT.. 

Rl6HT/ YOU 
WEt<£ GREAr I 
BOY. YW'Rc' 
MKJ{ 91AU£!<. , 
IN /?&Al LIfE. 

\ 

1 56C A CAWIN i:UJN 
/IPPIIDIICH. wa.IIJIN6 
8i.AC/(~ 
TALKING A8WT 7H/JIfl 

FIIl5T 
JOBS. 
/ 

NEED $MONEY$ FOR YOUR 
STUDENT ORGANIZATION??? 

Now is the time to apply for annual 
funding for your Organization. 

Budgetary request forms can be picked up 
in the Student Organizations Office. 

Hearing dates and times will be posted 
October 15. 

THIS IS YOUR ONLY CHANCE TO APPLY!!! 
THERE ARE NO EXCEPTIONS MADE. 

REQUESTS ARE DUE 
OCTOBER 18 - 4:30 

ONE WEEK FROM TODAY 

For infonnation,see Marietta in the Student Organizations Office x4083, 

YOU MUST BE REGISTERED AS A STUDENT 
ORGANIZATION BEFORE APPLYING FOR FU~DING. 



6 Thursday. 0 I. 11 . 1984 

Issues 
< CONTINUED FROM PAGE 4 J: 

Finally. this leader deliberately "built 
up an image of himself as the 
embodiment of the miSSion of the 
... nation ," according to the historian 
Felix Gilbert. How many times have we 
heard Reagan claim he represents aU 
that is good and wholesome in America? 
Ms. Shirck tells us that "President 
Reagan and the Republican pany 
represent powerful and positive 
values ... and prOVided us with a vision of 
leadership." 

It seems to some of us that Shirck's 
argument resembles this gentleman'S 
political theories to a tee. Unfortunately 
for the rest of the world , this prominent 
leader was Adolf Hider. elaborating on 
his political technique in Mein Kampf 

The facts are, Ms. Shirck, that the 
"contemporary political agenda" you 
dismiss as secondary is characteristic of 
your pany's overall political technique . 
Within his policy are a series of 
political faux-pas and simplistic solutions 
so numerous (every real issue has at 
least a few) that space does not allow 
them adequate exposure, at least here 
and now. This camouflage is deSigned 
at best to manipulate public opinion 
into political votes. At worst. it is a 

conscious auempt to use the public's 
sentiment to extend the reign of a 
military-industrial component In 
America. bent on world hegemony for 
its survival. 

Equaung this administration with 
Hitler's reign may seem unfair. But the 
people in the best position to determine 
the barbarity of US policy are the 
peasants of Central America, and their 
voices are silenced by the daily 
genocide that US-fi nanced, -trained. 
and -armed troops of puppet 
governments practice daily. But to 
champion their cause is to be 
unpatriotic, to not know when "a friend 
is an ally" and to saCrifice "national 
interests." according to Ms. Shirck. Here 
is an explicit example of the 
smokescreen of patriotism determining 
consciousness. used by this pany to 
funher its underlying policies. Being a 
lemming was never in such vogue . 

Discussing and debating issues takes 
time, patience and most of all an 
intellectual process deSigned to separate. 
not replace, reason from emotion and 
fact from fiction . If electing the 
preSident is "not essentially a political 
decision," then the democratic process 
has been reduced to a popularity 
contest based on vague and misued 
"patriotiC" rhetoric and a series of 
images. That is demagoguery. not 
democracy. 

SOL 
Brothen. 

Star Wars 
< CONTINUED FROM PAGE 4 < 
StrategiC Defense Initiative (Scar Wars 
defense plan) is resear.:h into the means 
to counter a Soviet Scar Wars system . 
The Soviets will work just as hard to 
counter ours. Milicary history. available 
evidence and simple logic strongly 
suggest offensive countermeasures will 
remain cheaper than defensive 
measures. 

Third i~ the myth of technological 
superiority. Too often in the course of 
the arrns race we have assumed. because 
we are more advanced in a particular 
technology. that our lead gives us some 
concrete advancage. Always, our 
technological edge proves fleeting, and 
we are soon confronted with the same 
weapons we train on the Soviet Union. 
MIRVs (multiple warheads) are perhaps 
the most notorious example of this 
recurring pattern. The long-range cruise 
missiles that will soon be aimed at us 
are another. 

The 1972 Anti-Ballistic Missile (ABM) 
Treaty presently prohibits both sides 
from mounting elaborate missile 
defenses. But we cannot abrogate that 
treaty without the Soviets doing likewise. 
How much will it cost us to counter 
those Soviet defenses? How threatening 

................. . .. : 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • • 
· : • • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • • • • 
· : • • • • ! 0 M, YOU'RE COOL. i 
• • : BUTHAVEYOUG~SOL? : 
• • : You do now, and cheap--only $4.00 for your Sol Brothers T-Shirt, muscle shirt, : 
• tank top or tank top with lace trim (generally for ladies). Your Sol will also cost you • 
: another $1.00 or 10% of you~ total order, whichever is greater, f<:>r post~ge and : 
• handling. (But don't worry, With your new Sol Imported Beer shirt, you II get a lot • 
: of handling.) : 
• The Sol Brothers are red and yellow (with black shades), and the shirts come in • 
: any color as long as it's white. Sizes are S-M-L-XL. Send the coupon and your check : 
• or money order to "Sol Brothers Offer," P.O. Box 29139, ~Iand, OR 9~-0139. • 
: Offer expires January 31, 1985. Allow four weeks for delivery. (The Sol Tram • 
: rrKWeseasy.) i 
• • • T-SHIRT (OTY & SIZE) S_ M_ L_ XL _ TANK TOP S_ M_ L_ XL_ • 
• • : MUSCLE SHIRT S_ M_ L_ XL_ LADIESTANKTOP S_ M_ L_ XL _ : 
: SHIP TO • 
: ADDRESS : 

: i 
: : 
• • • • : . 69 • : Cl 1118< Moctelum. Imporl .. Inc • 
••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

,,;"'10( 
;.:.;. 
~t~, 

will they appear to US decision makers 
In the 21st century? Will future 
members of Congress feel that we must 
build up our offenSive forces to 
overcome Soviet space defenses? The 
future cost of penetrating or 
overwhelming a Soviet defense should 
also be charged to the Scar Wars 
account. 
. Fourth is the myth that arms control 
agreements can be manipulated to our 
lasting advantage. We can reasonably 
assume that this Administration is 
unwilling to resume anti-satellite (ASA T) 
negotiations with the Soviets, as scated' 
in its March 31 report, because it plans 
to use ASAT research (such as the Talon 
Gold experiment scheduled for later this 
decade) as a cloak for Scar Wars field 
testing. currently banned by the ABM 
Treaty. The Administration indicates it 
would be willing to consider an ASA T 
treary at some later date. presumably 
after a Scar Wars architecture has been 
erected which unrestrained Soviet ASATs 
might threaten . It is difficult to believe 
we could hope to get away with this sort 
of sleight of hand . The SALT/START 
process is already in serious trouble. 
Tampering with the ABM Treaty will do 
nothing ro shore it up. Quite the 
contrary, uninhibited defenses will spark 
equally uninhibited offenses. Even Star 
Wars advocates acknowledge that the 
defensive mission will be possible only 
if coupled with agreements to limit 
offensive missiles. It is sheer folly, 
however, to believe that we can discard 
ABM restrictions and still expect 
agreement on US START proposals; no 
superpower is going LO bargain away its 
offenSive, retailiatory capabilicy in the 
face of an adversary's elfons to build a 
defensive system. 

We must not rush off into an 
endeavor that will sabotage the one 
agreement that has actually limited 
arms-the ABM Treaty-without 
carefully considering the long-term 
qonsequences. The time for such 
consideration is now. before it is toO 
late. likewise, the prospect for an ASAT 
Treacy is now or never. Once more 
advanced ASAT technologies have been 
perfected there will be no squeezing the 
space-war genie back into the bottle. 
These treaties are likely mutually-
supportive building blocks; the poliCies 
of this Administration threaten to 
demolish the arms control edifice that 
has been carefully built up over the past 
two decades. It is imperative that we 
immediately resume space weapons 
negotiatiOns neglected since 1979. 

Fifth, last. and most disturbing is the 
myth that a Scar Wars defense would be 
entirely defensive. It cannot be 
emphasized strongly enough that srace-
based defense is part and parcel 0 a 
nuclear warfighting strategy. Far from 
making nulear weapons "impote nt and 
obsolete." ABMs in space will render 
them all the more usable. The difficulcy 
of deVISing a Star Wars system 
absolutely effective against a full first 
strike is Widely acknowledged, even by 
the scheme's advocates. But this system 
might be effective enough against the 
ragged retaliation that would follow such 
a first strike. And Star Wars weapons 
would be more effective against the 
other side's defenSive satellites if used 
in conjunction with that first strike. 

It is unlikely thal either side would 
have the confidence-or the desire-to 
launch a surprise attack backed up by 
space defenses in normal peacetime 
conditions. But in a superpower military 
emergency. such as the 1962 Cuban 
Missue Crisis. a Star Wars defense 
would be one more incentive, in 
addition to the growing arsenal of 
highly accurate counterforce missiles, to 
strtke first. The last thing we need in 
this unsettled world is yet more 
destabilizing weaponry. 

For all these reasons. ;t is absolutely 
imperative that we discard the myths 
and carefully scrutinize the reali ties. As 
a nation. we have difficult decisions to 
make today thut will govern the course 
of the arms race for decades to come. 
There have been too many missed 
opportunities in years past. This time. 
let us choose Wisely and not make space 
the new battleground while there IS still 
tlmc ro bar all \\Teapons in space . 

UCSD to oversee defense system 
By CHRISTOPHER ~OLE 

DR. HERBERT YORK, Director of IGCC: "In a world of offensive nuclear armament policies are 
based on terror and retaliation. Is It 
worth running unknown risks to make a 
transition from offense to defense?" 

Dr. Sandford Lakoff. professor of 
politlcal science at UCSD: 'To 
implement the Star Wars satellites would 
require 1.000 Space Shuttle flights ." 

Dr. G. Alan Greb. research historian at 
UCSD: "We're not taking a position yet. 
Carnegie is not pushing us. They're just 
trying to get as much scholarly and 
technical study as they can." 

York. Lakoff and Greb are the three 
principle investigators of a three year 
$250.000 grant from the Carnegie 
Corporation to study President Reagan's 
controversial "Star Wars" defense 
proposal. 

"Warfare in Space: Political and 
StrategiC Implications of the New 
Strategic Defense Initiatives" is the first 
major research grant for the Institute for 
Global Conflict and Cooperation, a 

University of California research 
institute headquanered at UCSD. 

York, who has been director of IGCC 
since it was founded in July 1983, is an 
internationally known authority on 
national security affairs. He has been an 
ambassador to the ComprehenSive 
Nuclear Test Ban Treary talks in Geneva, 
and is the author of two books: Race to 
Oblivion and The Advisors: Oppenheimer, 
Tel/cr, and the Superbomb. 

Lakoff jOined UCSD in 1975 as the 
foundi ng chair of the Political Science 
Department. He has written extensively 
on various aspects of scie nce and public 
policy and this fall offers a course on 
nuclear weapons and world peace . He 
also coordinates a faculty seminar on 
international security. • 

Greb has spent several years studying 
the problems of fostwar arms control 
and intemationa security. He is also 
assistant director of IGCC. 

The so-called "Star Wars" defense 
plan stems.from President Reagan's 
speech on March 23. 1983, in which he 

caUed upon the scientific community to 
develop a system of space-based 
weapons which would presumably ae. · as 
a deterrent to nuclear threats to the 
United States. 

This study on warfare in space wil ~ 
probe controversial questions. lIlcluding: 
Can a defense system actually work? 
Would such a system make nuclear 
weapons obsolete? Could developmg 
this system increase international 
tension to the point of triggering a 
nuclear conflict? 

The first year of study will be 
dedicated to the technical aspects of 
satellite warfare , said Greb. 

"The Apollo program took ten years. 
The Star Wars system will take 15-20 
years. This is a more complex problem 
than the development of the atom and 
H-bombs," Lakoff said. 

York specified, "The tocal COSts of a de-
fensive system is not practical unless its 
COSt is not Significantly more than an offen-
sive system. Presently. the projected defen-
sive costs are 10 times tharof the offensive." 

Loan: 

Loan. 
Anywhere you go for a California Guaranteed Student Loan, you'll get a low interest 

rate and a long time to pay it back. 
But with Great Western Savings, you'll get something more: Fast Service. You'll get 

an answer within 15 days. And, because Great Western is a major California lender, you 
get your money fast. You can even get a loan from Great Western if you already have a 
student loan with another lender from a previous academic year. 

Not only does Great Western lend to California residents attending schools in and 
out-of-state, we lend to non-residents attending California schools, also freshmen and 
half-time students. 

You can borrow up to $2,500 a year if you are I;In undergraduate, and up to $5,000 
for graduate study. The low interest rates mean comf~rtable monthly paym~nts d~ring 
the first few years after school when money may be tight. You can pay nothmg while 
you're in school, and when you finish there is a grace period before your payments begin. 

It's easy to apply for a student loan with Great Western Savings. Fill out the forms 
at your friendly Financial Aid Office, and send your application to the address below. 

You can get a Guaranteed Student Loan from other lenders, but with Great Western, 
you get guaranteed fast service. 

GREAT WESTERN SAVINGS, Student Loan Department, p.o. Box 1050, Northridge, CA 91328 

GlEAT \VISTIRN SAVINGS 
(§!A'! 

A. Federal Savil1llS and LUAn A!'.!\ClC~1tlnn 

A new bnmd ofbanking 
• 

Thursday. OCI. 11 . 1984 7 

Herbert York , expert on 'Star Wars' defense. 

The second year will consider the 
political impacts of implementing a Star 
Wars system. "The big political issue is 
that Reagan made hiS announcement on 
a matter where he is trying to find a 
technical solution to a political problem. 
which is a reversal of the policy 
procedure of our past six Presidents." 
said York. "In the past the Presidents 
have prioritized politics over 
technology." 

Lakoff warned. "Testing of such a 
system could undermine all present 
ABM and Outer Space treaties. If you do 
this . could either side rely on future 
nuclear arms treaties? This could change 
the past atti tude of seeing nuclear 
weapons as defensive to an aggressive 
attitude." 

Greb said the third year's focus will 
be on the strategic impact, "Will it in 
fact change our deterrent posture?" 

On one side of the issue Lakoff said , 
"Since the system can only be near 
perfect you will never have a nuclear 
free future. Conceivably you could 
consider a limited nuclear war even 
with a 100% perfect system." York 
suggests though. "A 90% efficient system 
is enough to change the orientation of 
thinking away from revenge. As the 
attacker you could not be sure the 
sYStem on anyone day would not work 
at better than 90%. thus reducing the 
inducement of taking the risk of attack." 
And Lakoff also noted, "Both sides have 
tolerated spy satellites for verification of 
nuclear testing and targeting. Would 
either the US or Russia tolerate space 
weapons? If satellites go beyond spying 
into active defense, would either side 
allow it]" 

Returning to the political implicatiOns, 
Lakoff said, "It is such a new idea and 
radical departure from our past it forces 
us to re-think our strategic and political 
dogmas." 

* * * In an extensive interview York, 
known more as a "centerist" on these 
issues, explained the development of 
our present political and technical 
policies towards space weaponization: 

"T he 'militarization' and 
'weaponization' of space started during 
the last years of World War ll. For the 
next 40 years. these processes 
developed in a roughly balanced and 
relatively non-threatening way. Now new 
developments-ASATs, the StrategiC 
Defense Initiative (Scar Wars defense). 
and the direct real time use of space 
assets in warfighting-are bringing 
about a new and much more dangerous 
phase in this ongoing process. 

"The military-industrial complex, as 
President Eisenhower warned us in his 
farewell address, plays its usual 
important role in promoting and 
determining what happens in space . 
The fact that many of the military space 
programs are super-secret does not 
inhibit t+te process; indeed, some 
observers think it enhances.it. 

"Consider overhead (space) 
reconnaissance in the broadest sense-
optical systems as well as others. These 
are used for several major purposes, 
each of which may scabilize or 
destabilize our relationship with Russia, 
One purpose is target discovery and 
location. Another is general intellige~ce, 
that IS. to discover the state of 
preparedness of an enemy and what 
that might mean in terms of what can 
happen next. And third is to verify anns 
control agreements. It is that last 

> CONTINUED ON PAGE 8 ) 



8 Thursday, 0([ II , 1984 
NE~ 

Star wars 
\ CONn UED FROM PAGE 7 < 
purpose which gets most of the 
attentIOn in those political Circles 
primarily interested in arms controL 
detente, and diplomatic approaches to 
solving the world 's problems. But it IS 
the first and , to a lesser extent the 
second, which provide the main 
stimulus for spending the billions of 
dollars annually required to operate the 
existing system and to develop new 
ones (Star Wars). 

·On the one hand , the discovery by 
satellites in 1961 that there was in fact 
no "missile gap" prevented us from 
over-reacting to Sputnik and Its 
implications even more than we actually 
did . In this case, satellite intelligence 
contributed to stability. On the other 
hand , these same satellites provide us 
with data that is sufficiently complete 
and accurate to make a successful 
preemptive first strike against all land 
based systems seem, to some at least. 
possible. 

"Early warning satellites are similarly 
ambiguous. Their most important 
characteristics are that they give a 

TIlE 1984 HONEYWELL 
FUTURIST AWARDS 

COMPETITION 

TRAVEL AGENDA: Your mission. 
should you decide to accept, is to trans-
port yourself25 years into the future, 
take a look around and write duee essays 
of up to 500 words each. For the first 
twO essays, you are to write about signif-
icant developments in any twO of the 
fOllowing subject area : 

1) Electronic Communications, 
2) Energy, 3) Aerospace, 4) Marine 
Systems, 5) Biomedical Technology or 
6) Computers. In a thiid essay, you 
are ro write about the societal impact 
of the changes you've predicted. Your 
enoies will be judged according to 
creativity (30%), feasibility (30%), clarity 
of expression (30%) and legibility (10%). 
PASSENGER QUALIFICKIlONS: 
Any person enrolled as a regular 
full-orne student at an accredIted U.S 
college or university may enter, with 
the exception of full-time faculty mem-
bers. prevIous winners and Honeywell 
employee; 
PACKING LlST: To entcr the contest , 
type (or clearly prtnt) yt1ur name, 
~dd re". college and decl~red ma,or on 
an 12 x lin ,hl'ct of paper. We abo 
need your T-shirt ,,,e;o we can 
send you a Honeywell f uturist T-,hirt 
de>lgned by French illu trator Jean 
MIchel Folon. Each of the three es:.ay> 
should be typed, double-;paced , on 
separate Ij • II" ,hC"'t, wlthou[ your 
name at the top. All sheets should be 
stapled together and sent. unfolded. to: 

The Honeywell Futurist Awards 
Competition. P.O. Box 2009F. 
600 Sowh County Road 18. 
Minneapolis, MinnelOCa 55426. 

All entries must be postmarked no 
later than December 31. 1984. Winners 
will be notified by mail by February 
1, 1985. All prizes will be awarded . 
PAYlOAD: A total of 30 winners will 
be selected and awarded the fOllOWing 
prizes: 

10 F~t Place Winners wiU receive 
$2 ,000 and an all-expense paid trip lOr 
twO to the HoneyweU Futurist Awards 
Banquet in Minneapolis. They will 
also be offered a paid 1985 Honeywell 
Summer Internship. 

10 Second Place Winners will receive 
$250. 

10 HOfl6r1Ible Mention Winners will 
receive $100. 

All enllies a~ subject ro official 
rules and rqulations lOr participation 
and entty. If you are interested in 
receiving a ropy of more detailed rqu-
lations, write: Futurisr: Rules, P.O. Box 
2009, 600 South UJunty Road 18, 
Minneapolis, Minnesota 55-426. 

Honeywell 

. . 

1m sile attack wammg which I difi"erent 
In kind from and twice as long as that 
provided by earth-based radJrs. These 
characten tlCS m,lke it very much more 
dilTicult for an cnemy to achieve the 
degree of surprise that seems essential 
for ,l first s trike than would othe rwise be 
the ase and for thiS reason they arc 
said to be stabilizing. 

"Space, then, is already thoroughly 
militarized and weaponized and it is 
becoming steadily more so. Up to the 
present time, however, the 
developments that have led to the 
current sta te of affairs have taken place 
in a roughly balanced fashion , and the 
actions of one side have not in general 
been seen by the other as immediately 
menacing or particularly hostile. 

"Prior to 1981 , all of our political 
leaders alwa ys gave the greatest 
emphaSiS to searching lor an exploiti ng 
political means for mamtalnmg peace 
and stability. They sought to nego tiate 
agreements that would at first li mit and 
eventually reverse the nuclear arms race 
among the nuclear powers. This has not 
been a partisan maner, every President 
from Truman to Carter has supported -
this policy. _ 

"It is the balance between the search 
for technical solutlons and the search 

for polItical solutlons that Preslde11l 
Reagan eVidently intends to change. 
Weighmg m on one side of the new 
balance rhere IS the President's 
challenge to SCIent iStS to 'build a 
defense so tight th,lt It would make 
nuclear weapons obsolete.' 

·Clearly, the Intention 01 the 
President is to reverse the past balance 
of priorities in this area. Is there reason 
to believe thIS new balance is bette r 
than the former? Is there reason to hope 
that we can really at last find security 
through technology? The record of 
rece nt attempts to do so is not at aU 
promising. 

"Reagan's ·Star Wars' speech did nOt 
call for an improvement in our 
deterrence posture , It called for its 
complete replacement by something 
entirely different, a total national 
defense against nu lear attack. 

"We must expose the SDI (Star Wars) 
for what it seems to be: an instance of 
exceedmgly expensive technological 
exuberance sold privately to an 
uninformed leadership by a tiny in -
group or specially priVileged advisor!;. 
An expensive new program of dubious 
utility is a direct threat to all other 
elements of the Pentagon budget. An 
expanded SDI is incompatible not only 
with other ele'ments of the Research 

and Development and other high -tech 
budgets, it IS also a threat to any plans 
for mak1l1g general improvements 111 our 
current warflghting capabilIties. 

"1 he DI, has, in effect, tWO Achilles 
heels. One IS that it simply docs not 
make good technical scn~e , and Ih e 
oth er is that the construction of even 
just prototypes or prohibiting "test beds" 
will be unusuaUy expensive. 

"Despite this being a possibly good 
thing, the odds are poor. Should we 
sacrifice technical and political 
arrangements in favor of a new 
approach?" 

* * * On Monday, October 15 from 5-7 pm, 
the national teleconference Breaking the 
Stalemate , arranged by the Union of 
Concerned Scientists, will take place in 
Garren Auditorium at the UCSD Medical 
Sc hool. 

Breaking the Stalemate will be a 
balance panel discussion , originating 
from F.meuil Hall in Boston. concerning 
the nuclear arms race. Topics will 
II1clude the current impasse in 
negotiations, the "star wars" defense , 
and the nuclear freeze . 

The conference, open to the public, will 
include university experts as well as repre-
sentatives from the Defense Depanment 
and various disarmament agencies . 

FANTASY IS THE FUEL OF THE FUTURE. 

THE 1984 HONEYWELL 
FUTURIST AWARDS 
COMPEI'lTiON 

Beyond scientific speculation and extrapolation, perhaps 
the richest inspiration for imagining the future comes from 
exploring our daydreams and realizing that today's fantasy may 
become tomorrow's reality. If you have imagined what our 
world will be like in 25 years, now is )'OUr chance to release those 
thoughts - tempered with )'Our knowledge of technology -
by entering the 1984 Honeywell Futurist Awards Competition. 
If your ideas are among the most imaginative and fea"ible, )'OU 
will be awarded $2,000, a trip to a futurist awardt banquet and 
a Honeywell internship. Read the accompanying travel plans to 
find out how to enter. And fuel up for a trip to the year 2009. Honeywell 

• 

A Revelle College Publication • University of Call 

REYELLE CASINO NIGHT 

REYELLE CASINO NIGHT 

· z 

I 

Tomorrow , the Annual 
Revelle Casino Night will take 
place. Beginning at 8:00 pm in 
the Revelle Cafeteria, Casino 
Night will provide an evening of 
the best entertainment this side 
ofUis Vegas. Come try your luck 
at blaclgack, roulette , and dice-
shooting, and watch your 
favorite professors d o the 
dealing. Refreshments will be 
complimentary. At the end of 
the evening, tum in your 
winning chips for raffle tickets. 
Prizes include dinners and gift 
certificates, and will be 
announced that evening. Don't 
miss it!!! 

Join the Graduation Committee 

RlIYAISSlUYCl COMMmll 
IYllDS MlMBlRS 

Thursday, Oct II , 1984 9 

Day at the Bay 
Tomorrow from 3:00-6:00 

pm is the 1st Annual "Day at the 
Bay" to help celebrate Alcohol 
Awareness Week at San Diego-
area universities. The day is a 
chance for UCSD students to 
meet other students and 
panicipate in boat rides, canoe 
races, an obstacle course , and a 
trivia game called "Punch Bowl". 
Panicipants for these games are 
needed . If you would like to be a 
member of "Team UCSD" and 
compete against USD and 
SDSU, sign up before 12:00 
noon , Friday, Oct. 12 in the 
Revelle resident Dean's Office. 
Free pizza and Pepsi will be 
provided for everyone who 
comes, as well as a free shuttle 
bus which will leave from the 
Urey Hall parking lot every half 
hour beginning at 2:30. Come 
join us! 

Revelle College will be holding 
its traditional Renaissance 
Faire this spring to coincide 
with the Revelle Open House on 
May 6th, 1985. It will be a day 
long event held on campus 
grounds featuring merchants, 
anisans, musicians , and a 
variety of entertainment and 
food stu ffs . A stude n t 
coordinator will be hired by the 
Revelle Provost and Dean's 
Offices to schedule events for 
this spring. Anyone interested 
in this position should contact 
the ass istant dean, Yolanda 
Garcia, in the Revelle Provost 
Office . Help make thi s fa ire is 
the best one ever. 

Any graduating seniors 
interested in organizing the 
commencement ceremonies for 
this June should contact the 
assistant dean, Yolanda Garcia, 
at the Revelle Provost Office. 
The ceremonies will take place 
ofJune 16th, 1985, at the lawn 
in front of the Cluster 
Undergraduate Library. Show 
your Revell spirit by helping 
your fellow students remember 
this special moment in your 
lives. c.../ __ N_EW_FA_C_ES __ / 

~ Nb2' I VEkbE 
co 0 war~n~ss 
ee s ay aUlle H~y 

om I:OO-();UO P] ~t 
t e Mf~ slon a 
A,QUa!icbCenter:la re~ 
sli\luie us aval lIe. 

NQY~: Lectur~"Who 
Kille G~ia ducm-on r. L errWl ~a at: pm,lO 
Peterson a. 

~~T:r 4~: i ~eQ¥M~ ~~~ t;: pfu 1f.tlie Man:i elss -
tre. ~mission .~. 

Language Tables 
Are Here 

Practice your conversational 
skills in French, Spanish or 
German! Language tables meet 
every Thursday from 5:30-6:30 
pm at the Revelle South Dining 
Hall (also called "Why Not 
Here?") for casual conversation 
over dinner with native 
speakers. You can use your meal 
card or pay on a cash basis. 

Fluent speakers of the 
aforementioned languages are 
most cordially invited - we'll 
provide you with dinner. For 
funher infonnation, please call 
Kenneth Tom, Uinguage House 
director at 455-0157. 

Come See 'Coni dos' 
Group discount tickets for 

the limited engagement of 
Corridos, a musical theaterriece 
by Luis Vladez(creator 0 Zoot 
Suit), now playing at the Old 
Globe Theatre, are available for 
the Saturday, November 3 2:00 
pm performance . Tickets 
usually run S 16.00 - we can get 
them for S 13.50, Don't miss this 
unusual theatrical event by 
guest artists , El Teatro 
Campesino. Contact Kenneth 
Tom, Language House Director 
at 455-0157, or 452-3025. 

This faU , the dean's office 
might seem a little different to 
returning Revelle students. This 
is because there are two new 
people working for the dean. 
Karen Peters replaced Diane 
Pitz as the administrative 
assistant to the dean as of Aug. 
31. Martha Wahlberg has been 
here since Aug. 27, doing the 
accounting and bookkeeping 
while Angie Pernicano is on 
maternity leave. 

Karen Peters is a native of 
Escondido and has previously 
worked at both San Diego State 
and Scripps Institute libraries. 
"This is an new to me but I'm 
glad to be here," she says of her 
new job. "I'm happy to be back 
at the University. I think it 
keeps you alen and on your 
toes." Her position includes 
working with Revelle student 
committees and seaing, up 
meetings between srudents and 
the dean . 

Manha Wahlberg has spent 
most of her life in San Diego, 
too. She is currently a student at 
San Diego State University, 
working on a degree in 
psychology, although this 
semester, her student status is 
only pan-time. After getting her 
degree, she plans to do 
depreSSion and grief 
counseling. Previously, she 
worked in the Warren Provost 
Office. As well as doing 
bookkeeping, her job as an 
administrative assistant 
involves helping Ernie Mon, the 
dean of Revelle, and Yolanda 
Garcia, the assistant dean, with 
special projects. "I really enjoy 
working in the dean'somce and 
I hope everyone win feel free to 
drop in if they need anything," 
she says. "And I hope everyone 
has a great quarter: 

-Agnes C. Giammona 

'-



10 Thursday, Ocl. I J, J 98'1 

By MARK BREITEN BERG 

T HEODORE FRANK RAPED AND KILLED a two-year-old girl. The coun's response to Frank's 
problem was that pan of his treatment 
include having his 300-pound Wife 
dress up as a little girl so he could 
"work out" his fantasies in the normal 
privacy of their bedroom. 

Slithering out of the back pages of 
obscure psychological journals and the 
sensationalistic journalism of the 
National Enquirer, child molestation has 
become one of the most widely 
articulated and notorious phenomena of 
1984. A spate of cases ranging fro m 
Manhattan Beach to New Hampshire, as 
well as the confessions and indictments 
of several prominent Citizens, have 
brought this issue out of our collective 
closets to the front pages of pro minent 
newspapers, the cover of Time, and 
cenainly the agendas of every school 
board , courtroom and neighborhood 
cocktail pany across the country. 

[s there somethmg unique to this 
moment in cultural history which has 
caused a vinual eruption in the practice 
of c hild molestation? Or is it the case , 
rather, that we are currently talking 
more about a phenomenon endemic 
and perpetual to our culture? Rather 
than resolve this dispute , we must first 
realize that the actuality of child 
molestation and the discourse about it 

are not mtrinsically parallel; in fact, 
what we say, write and televise about 
the issue to a large extent constitutes the 
problem Irself. 

Two primary observations follow from 
the necessary separation of the event of 
child molestation from i'ts articulation. 
The first is that what we say and the 
way in which we say it reveal every bit 
as much, if not more, about our own 
collective sensibility toward sexuality 
and children as it does about 
molestation itself. The discourse which 
repons, analyzes and purports to resolve 
the phenomenon appears as little more 
than personal or collective mediations 
which address our relationship to the 
problem under the guise of addressing 
the actual issue . In shorr , we are really 
talking more about ourselves than we 
are about child molestation . 

The second, contingent observation is 
that our clouded discourse about the 
subject simply obfuscates and deViates 
from what it alleges to confront. Power, 
explOitation and the inevitably 
labyrinthine stroy of human sexual 
development ought to be the true focus 
of our attention. The initial step toward 
an honest appraisal of child molestation, 
then, is to wade through recent 
discourse and begin to comprehend 
what it is about ourselves and our 
culture which allows and compels us to 

What we say about 
Child Molestation 

say what we say. 
The first move in this process is to 

divest ourselves from the moralistiC, 
condemnatory posture of the horrified 
outsider. Nearly every media account 
begins with a lurid Story or picture, as if 
all our analysis and understanding 
should begin from an emotional 
response . 

Consider the opening paragraph of a 
recent Los Angeles Times repon of the 
symposium on child molestation held in 
Washington , DC: "They listened to Patti 
Linebaugh of Camarillo, California, 
calmly describe in graphic detail how 
her three-year-old granddaughter had 
been abducted , raped, mutilated and 
strangled by a man paroled just six 
weeks earlier from the Atascadero State 
Mental Hospital." At once the reader is 
assaulted not JUSt with the story of the 
victim , but by the kindly grandmother 
and the demented ex-con as well, 
instantly placing the case within the 
comforting framework of good versus 
evil. 

Or the beginning sentence of Time 
M't:avnc's cover Story: "Lori , a three-
year-old with rosy cheeks, blond hair 
and blue eyes, was playing outSide her 
home in a Denver suburb when a 
man " ,," Behind the facade of 
investigative reportage, both of these 
a rti cles unwittingly constll.ute child 

molestation , as well as the reader's 
response, in terms of a struggle between 
everything "American" ("rosy cheeks , 
blond hair, blue eyes") and the sick 
aberrations of those who have sadly 
strayed from our cherished institutions. 
This simplistiC duality, and the jingoistic 
emotional charge that goes with it, is 
nothing more than self-satisfied 
obfuscation at the expense of true 
understanding. 

As the two accounts 1 have included 
suggest , the most pervasive strategy in 
our discourse about child molestation 
has been to place it in the category of 
the aberrant, outside of the "legitimate" 
social institutions which provide Ihe 
ballast for our culture. There is a clear 
necessity to explain away child 
molestation as if it could only occur by 
way of some swerve or deviation from 
"normal" development: broken homes, 
step-fathers or the molesters' own abuse 
as children have all been advanced as 
complete explanations. Worse yet, our 
collective rage to explaIn and categorize, 
within the context of available labels 
and Institutions, has resulted in such 
theories as the dreaded "mid -life crisis," 
the contemporary popularity of the 
"youth cult ," or the observation that the 
entry of women into the work force has 
coincided with an increase in 
molestation . 

> """ 

What is behind these so-called 
"explanations"? Clearly, they are at best 
incomplete, at worst, bewildering. We 
must begin to acknowledge that not only 
do these answers obscure the real issue 
but, in fact, in their neceSSity to place 
the phenomenon of child molestation 
outside of their own experience, belie a 
deeper sense of the potential compliCity 
all of us share. As Alice Miller writes in a 
recent book on the subject, 'The more 
strict, one-sided a society's observance 
of strict moral principles-orderliness, 
cleanliness, hostility to instinctual 
drives-the more deep-seated its fear of 
the other side." 

Public responses evidence the truth of 
our collective denial and repression. I 
have cited examples of the simplistic 
and transparent will to explain; another 
frequent response would seem to be 
utter denial, even in the face of 
overwhelming evidence. The accusations 
against the quite obviously guilty 
McMartin gang were greeted with 
vociferous support from friends, church 
and community of the Manhattan Beach 
matriarch and her cohons. In several 
cases, home mongages were put up in 
behalf of the McManin defense. Boeing 
executive Vincent Fitzgerald , convicted 
of statutory rape of two eight- and ten-
year-olds, was given testimony 
supponing his innocence by no fewer 
than 11 other company executives. Both 
responses-the need to marginalize 
child molestation as aberrant and 
complete denial-are little more than 
disguises and evasions from the dilTicult 
realization that our complicated and 
culturally inscribed sexualities are 
anything but simple, biologically 
motivated processes. 

Embedded in what is said about this 
phenomenon is the potentially 
terrifying, buried desire of our own 
complex sexualities. Even Freud himself, 
the original demystifier of our collective 
and private unconscious, reversed his 
original claim and decided that stories 
of childhood sexual encounters were 
simply fantasies. Jeffrey Masson's recent 
book suggests that even Freud felt a 
certain urgency to deny the actuality of 
his patients' accounts. 

In an effon to lead this issue out of 
the aberrant closet, it is essential to 
begin to unravel the discourse of denial 
and marginalization which has 
prevented a true understanding of child 
molestation. The first myth to be 
exposed is that child molesters are, as 
one practitioner was led to describe 
himself. "the lowest form of life there is." 
The avalanche of cases which have been 
reported this year clearly demonstrate 
that molesters are as often as not pillars 
of the community, responsible citizens, 
solid "family types," even leaders of the 
very organizations which define 
acceptable behavior in our culture . 

The grandmotherly MILManin, "Miss 
Virginia," and her staff are ardent 
members of their church . Their group 
ponrait looks more like that of a 
Midwestern PTA board than of the 

perpetrators of 115 countS of sodomy, 
rape, oral copulation and fondling with 
children as young as two. In 1977, 
Manhattan Beach honored "Miss 
Virginia" for "outstanding community 
service," a rather ironic tribute given 
subsequent "service." 

Other recent exposes include charges 
against Kansas City family physician Dr. 
Herben Ketterman, who recently 
authored The Cornpktt Booh of Baby and 
Child Care for Christian Parenls. The 
Ketterman case alone demonstrates that 
we are not confronting a simple 
opposition between the normalizing, 
legitimate institutions of morality and 
education against aberrant, marginal 
behavior. 

A second presupposition that 
warranrs more careful consideration is 
that child molestations which occur 
within the family are mostly restricted to 
step-fathers who have no biological 
connection to their victims. This, of 
course, is a very "safe" belief to maintain 
because is does nOt challenge what are 

perceived to be cenain biological 
necessities, panicularly incest. It is 
somehow less disturbing for a non-
biological father to molest his step-
daughter: 

Available statistics do demonstrate 
that less than one third of all cases 
involve blood relatives, but what is 
misleading about this figure is the 
additional fact that fewer than ten 
percent of all cases are reponed in the 
first place. It would seem reasonable to 
assume that fewer cases which involve a 
biological father would be articulated; 
thus, the belief that step-fathers are the 
chief molesters is more likely to be the 
result of the fear of reponing as well as 
the complex relations of love and 
approval found among biological 
relations. We are led quickly away from 
the auribution of child molestation to 
broken homes or the divorce rate . 

The instance of molestation by 
biological fathers ought to be considered 
in terms of the sense of power and 

WORKSTUDY 
STUDENTS 
WANTED! 

The Library needs student 
employees with work/study! 

Work/study jobs are available in 
the Central Library and all 

branches. Call 452-3063 or come 
in to the Library Personnel Office 

(2nd floor, Central Library). 
---

ownership which often defines parent-
child relations in the present-day 
nuclear family. Possessiveness and 
domination are transferred from the 
legal and economic realms to the space 
of the child's body, and the result is not 
only sexual manipulation but the near-
impossibility of disclosure by the child 
as well. Again, we must ask ourselves 
how remOte our own "normal" behavior 
is from the seductiveness of domination. 

Linkage between our own insecurity 
and the appeal of power has been 
established; yet unrealized in the 
discourse on child molestation is the 
deep interconnection between sexuality 
and the areas of domination and 
manipulation. If we continue to treat 
child molestation as, in pan, a 
maladjusted need to manipulate the 
vulnerable, we fail to realize how firmly 
embedded in this dynamic all our 
sexualities have become. The fear that 
power and control should adulterate our 
allegedly "pure" sexualities, and the fear 
of our own psychological complicity, 

perpetuates our blindness and funher 
obscures any understanding of child 
molestation, 

The solutions and punishments 
devised by the couns also demonstrate 
the misunderstanding and need for 
simple answers which surrounds the 
issue . Our lack of comprehension has 
resulted in some rather bizarre 
responses by the legal institution. 

Roger Gauntlett, found guilty of 
assaulting his step-daughter, was 
sentenced by Judge Robert Bross to take 
regular doses of depo-provera , a 
chemical which reduces sexual desire. 
The punishment is unknowingly a very 
interesting one because It suggests that 
it is desire itself that needs to be curbed 
and not the panicular form desire takes, 
although it is likely that the judge was 
motivated more by a kind of Old 
Testament justice than psychological 
inSight. 

Yet another obfuscating solution is 
that accreditation of day care centers be 

Thursday, O CI. II , 1984 11 

made more stringent and regular 
inspection more careful, both of which 
are tests the McManin school would 
have passed glowingly. The false 
conception shown by this cure is that 
the problem resrs in the exposure of 
children to adults other than their 
parents over long periods of time, and 
that day care centers themselves are to 
blame. 

One step funher is the unspoken 
belief that women are outside their 
"normal" function if they work in the 
first place. The recent symposium 
mentioned above offered a series of 
solutions, including tha panacea of 
assuring that child molesters be denied 
parole . This rests on the false 
assumption that aU we need to do is 
lock up and ostracize the aberrations of 
our communities and keep them locked 
up; as with the story of Oedipus at 
Thebes, our culture will then be purged 
of this insidious poison. The same study 
concludes with the follOwing quote: 
"What can be said about a society that 
runs criminal-history checks on those 
who handle irs money and banks but 
does vinually nothing to check the 
backgrounds of those who work with 
children?" 

The presumption, of course, is that 
proper investigation will root out all 
possible offenders, and the problem will 
be resolved. It is fairly clear that Virginia 
McManm and Herben Ketterman would 
pass such an investigation; in fact, they 
would very likely be the very people 
deSignated to conduct the investigation . 
Clearly, we are not addressing the 
problem. 

A cultural and literary sc holar recently 
observed in a paper on 16th-century 
sexuality that "the palace of the normal 
is founded on the shifting sands of the 
aberrant." It is apparent from what our 
culture currently says and writes about 
child molestation that the "normal" rests 
on the declamatory discourse against 
the "aberrant." If we can begin to see 
that the "aberrant" and "normal" are not 
necessarily oppOSitional, then perhaps 
we can begin to probe the complex side 
of the psyche which turns to child 
molestation. We are not all likely child 
molesters, but neither is it the case that 
our own "normal" sexualities are entirely 
independent of the capacity for this 
behavior. 

A full explanation as to how our 
sexualities develop and are manifested 
is beyond the scope of this anicle, In 
order to begin this crucial study, 
however, we must step outside the 
damaging and benighted discourse 
currently surrounding child molestation. 
Simple solutions and explanations, the 
obsession to condemn and marginalize, 
and the belief that our own institutions 
are curative rather than causal, prevent 
the possibility of intelligent 
understanding. It is time to treat the 
issue of child molestation in all its 
complexity-even if that treatment 
contains traces of our own complicity-
rather than hide behind the cloak of 
inflexibility, ignorance and fear. ~ 

Elias Hair Design 
Casual. Comfortable. Californian. 

(formerly La Jolla 
, Cutting Compan:y) 
737 PWTI St., La Jolla 
456-1170 456-1815 

New.lwp; 
7608 Linda Vista Rd. 
(Mesa College DR. (/ 163) 
268-8865 

Preci.ion ,tyle cut. for women $ll (reg. $.1:1) 
Pl'edaion ,tyle CUD for men $10 (rca. $.,) 

OV""donai perma $2S ( ... g. $40) • Sculptured naila (full lee) $18 ("'/I. w) 
Manicure & pedicure $15 ("'Il. $21:1). Cellophane $IS (re,. $2,) 

On" hour facl.1 now $18 (rc/I. $40) 
Carefree T.e.B. curl $30 • Relaa touch up $30 

Sfx.dal J(OO'l w,," "" Ullrn ..,lu.'kd .r,luu rl"""IIn .0/ . ,/~ 



'-. 

12 Thurn/II) , lhc II, 198-+ 

Leaney comes to lead soccer out of the fog 
By ALICIA AGOS 

THE SUN, The sea, The surf. John Leaney made the right deciSion 15 months ago when he swapped 
the fog of England for the wanTIth of 
California , The Manchester University 
alum and present UCSD women's soccer 
coach has "loved every minute" of his 
existence on the West Coast since 
making the big trek across the Atlantic, 

While in England . Leaney's life 
centered mostl}' on athletics. After he 
graduated from both college and his 
soccer playmg days, Leaney turned to 
high school counseling, managing a 
phYSical education depanment and, 
ultimately, coaching, It was at thiS 
Juncture that the MiSSIOn Bay occer 
Club did some long-distance recrtutlng 
and enticed Leaney to pull up stakes. 
move to the United States, and take 
over as coach for the MISSion Bay Club. 
Leaney IS of the opinIOn that coaching 
the seven club teams, which are 
composed of ten- to 19-year-old males , 
di ITers greatly from coaching the female 
Triton team. "Girls are very receptive to 
coaching_ They have none of the ego 
hang-ups that many of the guys have, In 
my opinion , they Ithe girls] are easy to 
coach." 

This says quite a bi t about the 
character of this UCSD team 
considering this is the first time Leaney 
has coached girls, "In the six weeks 
we've been practicing, the girls have 
improved tremendously, They really 
want to work " and they work hard ," 
The rookie coach feels his players have 
gotten to the point where they can give 
anyone a game. "We've gOt an 
outstanding goahe in Erin Aafedt," says 
Leaney, "S he IS the best goalie of all the 
teams we 've played. Also, we are an all-
around , Improving team," 

John Leaney: "The girls on the team have been very supportive. I like 10 Jeel that they think I'm a good coach." 

One might think that, coming from 
the fanatically pro-soccer England to the 
"laid back" Cahfomia scene, Leaney 
might suITer some culture shock. 
However, with the assistance from the 
likes of Athlellc Director Judy Sweet and , 
of course, his team. Leaney says the 

soccer program at UCSD has proved to 
be very encouraging, "I've had all the 
help I've needed_ The US system is new 
to me, and Judy has been very helpful 
tn showing me that sys tem, The girls 
(on the team) have also been very 
supportive_ They accept me, I like to 
think that they feel I'm a good coach," 

Experience-wise, both Leaney and his 
team are young. so it 's flot too 
surprising that the coach is expecti ng 
this season to be a building year, rather 

Aafedt leads Tritons 
in All-Cal T oumey 

ThiS past weekend, UC Davis 
hosted the annual All Cal Tournament 
for women's socce r With five UC 
campuses panicipating, Including 
UC San Diego, Although Coach John 
Leaney had high hopes fo r h IS team, 
the Triton's were overcome in the 
semi-finals be UCLA 

The UCSD team was first bracketed 
against UCR and with the help of 
goals from Laurie O'ConneU and 
Adrienne Clark, the Tritons pounded 
out a 2-0 win , 

In the second game, UCSD was 
matched against host Davis, Despite 
losing 1-0, the game proved that the 
Triton defense can hold its own 
against a high-powered olTense such 
as llC navis, 

.... u.>fied with the 

team's performance against Davis 
and . in fact. felt UCSD should have 
won, "We were on tOP throughout the 
first half," said the first -year coach, "If 
we had gone all out, it may have 
turned out differently." Erin Aafedt, 
the team 's goalie, played an 
"outstanding game," according to 
Leaney, and Davis' orily score was 
what Leaney termed a "lucky shot." 

On Saturday, UCSD faced UCLA, 
which had lost to Irvine in ove rtime, 
UCLA won the match 3-0, 

The final game of the tOurnament 
saw UC Davis pitted against UC 
Irvine. Irvine, a team UCSD has 
beaten in the past, lost to Davis 2-0 as 
the hos~ won the tOurnament, 

- Laura Zipperstcin 

than a record-breaking year in the W 
column. "Although we've improved so 
much already, we tend to lose games by 
2-0 or 1-0. I've always had it in the back 
of my mind that this will be a building 
year_ We have 24 players now, and I'm 
always encouraging new players. We 
need some steady offe nse , The girls are 
improving, but we just aren't winning," 

A little pensively, Leaney said , "It 
definitely tS different coaching here 
co mpared to Europe, Also , I find that 

Erin AaJedt allowed four goals in three games, 

when we get out of San Diego, the 
offiCiating tends to get very poor. They 
don't treat women's soccer very 
seriously," 

Yet, the optimistic Briton stressed 
once more , "I do feel I'm getting my 
points across to these girls. They have 
shown massive Improvement, and next 
year we 'll only get stronger, We have a 
young team, and I'm definitely looking 
forward to keeptng the program 
going," ~ 

Wesbtlont visits 
Unfortunately, the last time the 

UCSD women's soccer team faced the 
likes of Westmont , the , TritOns (aka 
Sun Gods) didn't steamroll, maul , or 
even upset them, In fact , uh , UCSD 
los t 4-0, Fortunately, said Coach John 
Leaney, there is still hope for the 
Tmon's in this afternoon's rematch 
between the twO teams. "Last time we 
me t, it was a very even match, We had 
as many chances as they did, only 
they took them. They'll come here 
with the im pression that we 'll be easy. 
But, it's going to be a good, close 
match because although they've got a 
couple of very good players, we are 
one all-around team." 

UCSD has yet to defeat Westmont 
in three tries since the program's 
inception in 1981. Their first yearthe 
Tritons battled the Warriors to a 1-1 
tie , and in 1982, they fought to 
another standoff, this time at 2-2, 
UCSD is 4-9-2 this season. Today's 
game starts at 4:00 pm at Warren 
Field , 

- Alicia Agos 

Louganis visits UCSD, brings 
gold-medal dives with him ' 
By JOHN GODFREY 

O LYMPIC GOLD MEDALIST Greg Louganis paid a visit to Triton diving coach Tom O'Levo at 
UCSD's Canyonview Facility Tuesday 
morning, 

"Greg is a friend of mine and he 
came down to promote diving in San 
Diego with my divers," stated O'Levo. 
"Hell be coming down here a number of 
times to help me out." Louganis added 
that one of his biggest goals right now is 
to "bring more people into the sport." 

This feat could prove to be more 
difficult than running away with [WO 
gold medals in the 1984 OlympiCS, 
however. The nearest ten-meter platform 
is over an hour's drive away from San 
Diego in Mission Viejo, and many 
divers are discouraged by the primitive 
state the sport seems to be in, Tom 
O'Levo wants to change aU that. 

The second-year coach hopes to have 
a separate pool instaDed specificaUy for 

diving, The new pool would be deep 
throughout, and large enough to 
accommodate wate r polo teams as well 
as platform divers. The hardest part is 
attracting people to the sport and 
generating interest in a place that 
Louganis described as "the ideal climate, 
for a sport like this ," 

Steps were take n in the right 
direction on Tuesday morning, though , 
as an NBC production crew filmed 
Louganis for a prime time special slated 
for broadcast in November, Tom Winn, 
the show's producer and interviewer, 
filmed Louganis putting on a dazzling 
display of diving skill , The crew later se t 
up on the side of the pool, and Winn 
plowed through a number of deeply 
personal questions that ranged from 
Louganis' family life to his feelings 
towards the rock group Twisted Sister. 

> CONTINUED ON PAGE 14 > 

x • 

Greg Louganis exhibits a dazzling display. 

LIVERY 
WINNIN& THE WEST 

f 

WE' , S FARGO SIUDENT LOANS 
Speedy Processing: At Wells Fargo, we're 
committed to rapid turnaround. Our state-of-the" 
art student loan system enables us to give your 
loan request prompt attention and swift handling. 
We Make It Simple: No additional bank fonns 
are required, and you don't need to have a credit 
history or account relationship in order to qualify. 
Courteous Customer Service: Our service 
representatives are ready to answer your ques-
tions.we appreciate your business, and we're 
anxious to make your dealings with Wells Fargo 
Bank pleasant and hassle-free. 
Choose WeDs Fargo: If a student loan is part 
of your plans for financing your education, then 

tell your financial aid office that you want to go 
through Wells Fargo Bank. Soon after you mail 
us your application, you'll begin to see why 
Wells Fargo was the smart choice. 
If you need more infonnation, we'd be happy 
to help ... phone or write us today! 
Call (800) 641-0473 Toll-Free 

(415) 396-4105 Collect 
Weekdays 8 AM-5:30 PM 

WeDs Fargo Bank 
Student Loan Center 
P.O. Box 63095 
San Francisco,CA 94163 

Thursday, Oct. II , 1984 13 

] 

&!:::11 
~ 
1;0 
8 

:Jr:aQiIt..aIIILrl:~..J { 

• 



... 

'. 

, ... 

, . 

14 Thursday. OLI. 11 . 1984 

Louganis 
at UCSD 
'\ co T1NUED FROM PAGE 13 < 

The show, :,ecrets oj Surviving, to be 
hosted by Bill Cosby, is designed to 
expose "the secrers of sex. drugs. and 
rock and roll in today's SOCiety ," added 
Wi nn. Filming for the entire Louganis 
segment rook place ar rhe Canyonview 
pool between 10 am and ) pm. 

AnOther crew filmed footage 
sporligh ting O'Levo's Dive San Diego 
program for Channel 10'5 Eye 0 11 S(ll1 
Diego. The program consists of people 
ranging in age from lJ-year-olds to 
several men well into their 60s. The 
segment will demonstrate the fac t that 
diving is a SpOrt in which bmh sexes 
and all age groups are capable of 
competing. 

UC D sophomore and diving team 
member Kathy Locke seemed excited 
about the fu ture of diving at this 
university. "Tom's a great coach. He's 
aware of ail the new techniques, and he 
actually gets up there and shows us how 

THE FUTURECOPV PLACE 
WELCOMES BACK 

STUDENTS a FACULTY 

41/2~ 
Mon. - Thurs, 

Frl. 
sat. 

Self SeNice Copies 
8 am· 8 pm 

Sun. 
a am· 6 pm 
10 am - 5 pm 
12 noon - 5 pm 

.a7-3775 
8855 Villa La Jolla Dr. 

(Near Ralphs a SaY-On) 

THE FUTURECOPV PlACE 

Front Row (Left-Right)-Andy Hamson , Diane Gross, Steve Dingsdal, Sandi Walters 
Back Row (Left-Right)-Andy McWhirter. Tanya Keedy. Sam o 'Kane, 

Marney Blair, Dawn Polk 
This week's Lire Beer I.M. Team of 

the Week award goes to the leaders 
of the Bun Ending league of AAA 
Coed floor hockey, Andy Capl. Now 
coed floor hockey may not be one of 
the biggest SpOrts ar UCSD, but whar 
they lack in partiCipation , they make 
up for with enthusiasm. Led by 
Diane Gross and Andy McWhirter 
on offense and anchored by the 
goaltend ing of Sam (I ron Curtain) 
O'Kane, Andy Capt took a 2-0 lead 
In the second period. Number two 

ranked Blitzkrieg sl:ored a 
powerplay goal as the second period 
came to a close to knot the contest at 
2-2. The third period provided 
plenty of action - four penalties and 
mne shots on goal- but not one shot 
found Its mark and the game ended 
In a 2-2 tie. Andy Capt is assured of 
holding Onto that number 1 ranking 
for at least another week and their 
unselfish leam play earns them Lite 
Beer Team of the Week hOllors. 

an Diego on Channel 10, it's do ne," she stated. Indeed, even the 
premier dive r in the world paid 
attention to the advice o f O'Levo after 
raIling short once or tWice. Locke further 
descrtbed her coach as a diver of 
"national caliber." 

The UC 0 diving program is 
defini tely on the upswing, due in a large 
part to the concern and enthusiasm of 
O'Levo. In only one year he has set 
tentative plans for a new facility that 
could revolutionize diving in Southern 
California, placed UCSD in a position to 
rece ive national recognition for a SpOrt, 
acquired the best diver in all of eM 
Division Ill , and filmed footage for Dive 

According to his coach, lanky 
freshman Jeff Stavilc "should win 
Division III Nationals and go on to the 
NCAA Division I Championsh ips." 
O'Levo also hopes to bring a more 
athletically oriented attitude to this 
sc hool. ''I'm tired of hearing that you 
ca n't go to the NCAA Championships 
because you have a test to take," he 
commented. Later, he added with a 
smile, "This is probably the biggest 
eve nt that 's taken place, as far as Sports, 
at UCSD." Not too shabby for a new guy 
coaching a relati ve ly unknown 
SpOrt. Ii::l 

"An EQJcated Consumer is our Best Customer" 

Cleannce Sale 
Save up to 25% on '83 models 
Over 2,000 items on display 

European 
Bicycles • Mopeds • Accessories 

cles 
•• 

12-speed Team Fuji, chrome alloy, double-butted • 
tubing, cyclone Mark II derailleur 
system, 700c wheels and mCft . .. ...... .. ....... . . .............. $359.95 

12-speed Fuji Espree commuter bike with 
alloy quick release rims, 24 Ibs .. . . .. . ............... .... ... . ... . $259.1S 
l~speed ~12-S LTD, all terrain bike 

with chrome alloy frame, 
double-butted tubing, 24lbs .... ........ .. ... .......... ...... . ,. $359.95 

755 T uoise Street, Pacific Beach • 488-352S 

UNCL 
Council Travel Services 

---- - --~---- - -- ---- - --- - - -

WINTER BUDGET AIRFARES 
TOKYO - R/T FROM $559 

LONDON - R/T FROM $549 
HONG KONG - R/T FROM $665 

TAHm - RfT FROM $~9 
PLEASE STOP INTO THE STUDENT CENTER 

OR CALL 452-0630 

CONSIDER 
STUDYING ABROAD 

NEXT YEAR IN ••• 
Australia , Austria , Brazil , China, Egypt, France, Germany, 
Hong Kong, India, Israel , ItaIY,Japan , Kenya, Mexico, Norway, 

Peru , Sierra Leone, Spain, Sweden, West Africa, 
United Kingdom. and USSR 

Important Information Session 
with slides, film and returnees to answer questions 

*EARN U.c. CREDITS 
* FINANCIAL AID AVAIlABLE 

Tuesday, October 16 
7 p.m., UCSD International Center 

Application Deadline: U.K. cSt Ireland - Nov. 9 
Mexico/SFE - Nov. 9 
All others - Jan. 25 

For more information, call 452-3730 

( 

ArrENTION: 

EEjCS/ME Majors 
HEWLETT PACKARD, 

Student Specia 
Hoir cut Specials: 

Women i1 5.00 
reg. b20 

Men S10.00 
reg. b14. 

Includes shampoo. CUI. 

Thwluay.OLl II, 1984 15 

condiTIon and blow dry. " .... , 
We also do perms. ,1.-

the industrial leader in measurement and 
computation systems will be holding an 

OPEN HOUSE. 

hlghll9hllng and color. ,r. .. 
(across from Ferrari dealer) . Parking available. 

7441 Lo Jallo Blvd. Valid on firsr Vlsir wirh rhis ad. No.iembel3,1984.454-3008 

Monday, October 15, at the UCSD 
International Center. 

HP engineers will be on hand to answer 
questions and to display and demonstrate HP 

equipment. 

P..efreshments will be served. In addition, there 
will be a free drawing for an HP-41 C 

advanced SCientific calculator. 

IN ~,THE PILL GAVE 
WOMEN A NEW FREEOOM. 
IN 1984,THE SlDNGE GIVES 
WOMEN A NEW CHOICE. 

It's been a long timeTwenty-four years, 
and there hasn't been a sensible new option 
in birth control. 

Until Today."' Today, the 24-hour 
Contr<tceptive Sponge. . 
Tod<ty is a soft , comfortable sponge that contams 

Nonoxynol-9, the same effective spermicide women 
have been using for over 20 years. . . 

The Sponge is e<tsy to use. You just moisten it thoroughly With 
water and insert it like a tampon , and it works for a full 24 hours. 
Wirh The Srxmge, you don't have to worry about hormonal side effects. 

AnJ no other non-prescription vaginnl contTnceptive has been proven m~re 
effective:'; It's been through seven years of extensive resting, ;md over 17 million 

, Sponges have been sold . 
Of course you don't need a prescription for The Sponge. It can be found 

at your local d~ug store and at selected supermmkets. In the 3-pack or convenient 
12-pack. ' . . 

And the Today Sponge is the only contraceptive that come ' With someone 
to talk to: our 24-hour Today TalkLine. If you have any questions, or you're just 
wondering if The Sponge is right for you, visit your student health center or give 
us a call at 800-223-2329. (In California, 800-222-2329.) 

Finally, you have the spontaneity you want and the protection you need . But, 
best of all. you have another choice you never had before . .. . ,. 

Until Today. . 

,.. - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - rn;;;iiiiiii~~~~,." SAVE $1.00 
ON TWO lrPACKS OR ONE 12·PACK. 

10 Consulller L Imll one coopon per POrc~se Good only on iJftQItlS IleSiQIIIfed Cor.sumer pa,s 
sales la. ro Relaller We . ,11 reu"oors< yoo lho liCe value OIIIIrS coupon plus 8 cenls 
handlrng Prtl"lIed Inat IOU and tho consumer hav. comotled .,1II1IIe lerms 01 oor coupon Ollel 
ThiS COIJIIO'IIS QOOd only .hen relleemeG bv iOU lrom a con_II lime OllllllChaslng 
lhe specllred produci Any Olher use consi lluies Iraud RecletncltlOlls not - .___-"-.1 
IhrtlUQh brOO!rs 01 Oilier oolSioe ;!Gencles Inwle.S S/IOwlng iOUr 
POrchas< 01 sullrc ... t stock 10 cover all coupons muSI oe SI\own upon 
request Vo", " prol'rbrterl I •• ed or reStriCled TIII~ coooon IS non· 
Iransl.rable non aSSignable non 'reorocIUClbie CaSl1 value I 120m 011 
cenl Oller aood only In USA Redeem bv m~hno 10 VlI COIlIOIatlOll 
PO 80.4194 Clmton Iowa 5273<1 

51366 100140 
l ltkr b r"'" 1/ iii ' ; L _____________________ _ 

1------ wrTHTHISAD -----, 
I 21 
: erSa fYouurl c!1,ffoir 
I 
I frozen yOQUrt aaatlons 

2 for 1 

L-____ --', 
I 
I 

• WE ALSO HONOR All • I 
YCXiURT PARLOR COUPONS I 

I 
1030 Torrey Pines Rd. 1774 Gamet Ave. I 

at Herschel Pacific Beach I 
La Jolla Expires: to/ l 6/84 I 

----- ONE PER CUSTOMER ___ .J 

BUSINESS AND 
TECHNICAL MAJORS 

Highly responsible positions for 
college seniors and graduates 
(ttYaugh age 34) in financial 
and logistic support. The N~ 
Supply Corps ~ h~~1y 
qualified, <¥lame Individuals 
to lead and manage large 
Inventory and financial 
net\NOrks. Salary $18,500 to 
start, $34,000 after 4 years. 
Excellent benefits package. 
Need eA/BS, u.s. citizenship. 
call Naval ~.menI 
Progr_, 29 •• 746, 
Man WIld Inm 4pnI. 

1f}'OU have 
dIarrhea th_at 

began wflhln the last 48 hrs and 
would like to partJclpate In an 
Irwestigational drug study at !he 
V.A. Hospital call Cheryl 
Beaumont or Steve Pandol M.D. 
,453-75001 ext 3284 for more 
Info. Upon completion of the 
study)'OII wtll receive 525. 



C'-slfted IIdvertlslng SpoKe Is sold In 100-
ctulrllCter Increments. bch lener. punctu.tJon 
m..-k.w1d spKe between words Is considered 
a chllracter. with apltaf letters counting as 
two charllCterS. The r.te Is S1 per 100 characters 
tOr students .,d S] per 100 ch..,.acters for n0n-
students. You must come by the offtceor mall In 
your ~. as we require payment In advMce of 
publlCMIon. De~lInes are 5 pm TUesday for 
Thursdily's paper. 5 pm Frldily for Mondlly's 
paper. For more InfonMtlon call 452-3466. 
The Guard.,. UCSO. 8-016. UI Jolla. CA 
92093. 

$360 weekly/up mailing circularsl No 
bosses/quotas I Sincerely Interested rush self-
addressed envelope: DMslOn Headquarters, Box 
464CFW, Woodstock. IL 60098. 110/22) 

Daughters of lesbian mothers needed for stu~. 
011y small amount of your time needed. Please 
helpl Call Julie Schwartz 459-2100. 110/18) 

Insurance Warl We'll beat any price or we oon't 
want your buSIness, TIckets. aCCIdents, sports cars, 
g::>od drIVer/student discounts: all welcome. Call 
286-1135. Request UCSO Plan. /11/29) 

Informal Rushlll Any Interested women please call 
457-5535 or see Deborah In the sorority office. 
/10/11) 

Male erld female spaces avaIlable in on campus 
oorms and some apts. call 452-4011 or come to the 
H:>using Ofe. 206 AC flO/II) 

Menstrual distress 7 Abdominal pain, cramps, 
nausea, headaches, etc. Partiaperlts are ~ 
tor a stu~ conducted by Pferlned Parenthood. 231-
6760/481-6181. f10/18) 

TIle Sociology Club is having its first recruitment 
meetingl All majors, minors. interested welcome. 
'Thurs. Oct. II HSS 3009. Get involvedll 110/11) 

Enhance emp/oyrTle'lt prospects with an ASIO 
internship I Winter Quarter dealine: 10//9. For 
more info. stop by the ASIO Ofe. in the Student 
Center above the Game Room. Open M-F, 9-3. 
/10/18) 

Legal gambling at UCSD7 011y at the Revelle 
cafeteria this Friday night at eIght for the annual 
Revelle Casino Nlghtll 

01 9/8/84, a g::>1CJ Datsun 8210 hatchback with 
ColoradO plates had all 4 tires slashed on La Jolla 
Shores Drive across from Scripps. If anyone SiJW or 
heard anything that rught. please call the UCSO 
police. /10/11) 

Werlt to learn about UCSO's Student Services erld 
get paid for it7 Become a ~ ~ Intern. See Job 
Board No. 1205 for more info. 110/15) 

AmeriCtrl Inst Aeronautics Astronautics klck-off 
meeting 5 pm October 17 UH7104. Illustrated talk 
on Space Industrialization-An Artist's View by 
Demis Davidson. All welcome. call 4903 for 
membership info. /10/15) 

Partyl All cal skr trip to Vall, ColoraOO, 1500 
students. 220 from UCSO getting together, 
blowing their brains out at night, with 'Thumper 
contest. dances, Kamikaze & .Jacuzzi Party, 
Bromball, snow sculpture contest. While 
recovering en the slopes to beer slaloms, giant 

slaloms, and the Great \X.ttIite Race. All for S299. 
inquire at CanyOl1Vlew 10-2. Tues., Wed .• 'Thurs. 
Everyone is welcome. A must before graduating I 
/10/11) 

\X.ttIat7 Whatl7 No wayl ¢*S*I, that is If1l>Ossible. 
Vail. nan. Couldn't bel Free7 You're joking. Car 
Rally 9/26. Wowll Sign up at Canyonvtew tor S5 
per car. Tues .• Wed., Thurs. 10-2. (10/15) 

This Friday come hCfIIe a beer and relax to the 
sounds of Native Beat at the Triton Pub from 5- 7 
pm. (10/11) 

StuOj Abroad and earn UC creditl Finandal aid 
available: call x3730 for info I Important meeting 
Tues. Oct. 16 7 pm International Center Lounge 
Ix3730). (10/15) 

Have u considered stuc¥ng abroa<17 Important 
Info session 4 all Education Abroad appliCtrltsl 
Tues. Oct. 16, International Center LDunge, 7 pm. 
(10/15) 

PIzza Meetlngl Meet foreign exchange students 
from all 4 corners of the worldl We'll provide the 
crust. bring your own topping. International 
Center, Wed. Oct. 10 5:30 pm. Everyone welcomel 
/10/15) 

1l6m:mlllllll 
Schedulers IfI.Orking In Sorrento Valle!)' tor a 
nationwide mobile health screening corJl>anY. 
Good commufllcatlOn and phone skills required. 
M.lst be dependable. Flexible hours erld excellent 
ul1lon benefits. call John Cole. 275-0753. /10/11) 

Legal assisterlt. no prior legal exper~e ~; 
flexible hours; good typing skills required; La Jolla 
Shores. 4~1308. 459-0032. flO/II) 

Fun-loving studious female roomate needed to 
share master bedroom in condo. Close to school. 
Please call Chris or Kitty after 6 pm at 457-4096. 
/10/11) 

Wanted: Hard-working career-oriented Interns. 
Q:>portunities for all majorsl Stop by the ASIO Ofe., 
2nd floor of Student Center abQo./e the ~ Room 
or call 452-4689. Open M-F, 9-3. Apply ~ 10/191 
110/18) 

Wanted: SU~ects for brainwave expeiments. Must 
be between 20 and 30 ~ars old and English must 
be your first language. p~ is S5.00/hr. Call 453-
4100 Ext. 450 ~ 3:30 & 5:00 M-F. (10/11) 

S6/hr. housecleaning Sat. am. Close to campus. 
Call 453-0198 after 4 pm. \ll.t>uld appreciate 
experience/ref. flO/II) 

Pnvate fOrtuq..rese classes from native speaker 
Ipreferably Brazilian). all Elena 299-4458. early 
am or leave message. /10/11) 

dlHt§@ijlll 
EXPERT Typing. Also cassettes & cofTl>Uterized 
work. Spelling free. We carel San~, 459-5818. 
/10/18) 

Interested in 

OPTOMETRY 
PHYSICAL THERAPY 

OCCUPATIONAL THERAPY 
a representative from Pacific's University will 
discuss Pacific's professional programs in 
these areas. 
Monday, October 15, Revelle Formal Lounge 

2pm-3pm PT 
3 pm - 4 pm OPT 
4 pm - 5 pm OT 

Questions? Contact Nicole Moran x4939 

Top Drawer Secretarial IX.k>rd Processing. ~orts, 
resumes, manuscripts. Student rate. Diane 4BI-
4160. /11/29) 
Models. Former UCSD Guardian Photo 
Editor /UCSD Calendar Photographer now 
prodUCIng high-quality, low-cost modeling 
portfolios. Color or B& W. Call Rich Pecjak, 695-
8714 rer appointment. 110/29) 

Star \XIords Typing & Word Processrng. 9580 Blk. 
Mtn. Rd. ST-G. Student papers. 'Thesis. 578-4041. 
(10/15) 

Pregnant7 Troubled7 Explore the alternatives to 
abortion. Free professional counseling and services 
available. San Oteg::> Pro-U~ League 24 hour 
hotline: 583-5433, 941-1515. 110/15) 

Cars tor rent. SIS per day. S85 per month. Del Mar 
755-3201. (10/18) 

Computerized typing/lfI.Ord processing. Terlll 
papers. reports, theses, etc. Fast & dependable. 
4BI-0268. (10/15) 

Burke Secretarial-{)uallty typing I 15 years 
experience-Rush jobs spedalty/nexible hours. La 
Jolla 457-3842. (10/15) 

Word processIng special. Papers, resumes, etc. 
Fast. print quality. ALF AB.I. T.S. 454-8628. (I0/IB) 

Typing-SI.25/page. Fast. neat & accurate. 
Spelling corrected. call 571H123 betore 10 pm. 
(10/11) 

iIIAI.~alll 
1974 Ford Pinto Wagon. Auto. new brakes, steel 
radials, srocks, OJstom ~. radio. roof rack. 
SIOOO. 454-2089. /10/11) 

'66 Ford LTD-runs excellent. very clean, good 
MPG. great transportation-SSOO. 453-0146 
Martin. (J0/18) 

'69 Fiat 124 conv .• 500 miles on engine. ntNtI paint. 
exc. interior. good top, S145O. call Mike 274-3308 
ctter 5:30. (10/11) 

1980 Honda CM200T. electric start. trunk. new 
battery. Helmet and 9~ included. Great 
comrruter bike. freeway legal. S700. 455-0616. 
(10/11) 

Imagine driving tor days on SI of gas and not 
hasse/ing with parking problems. ..ust buy ~ 
I-t>nda Xl35O. Runs good. ~ tires and battery. 
Must selll Price negotiable. call Scon 273-4167. 
(10/11) 

5'10" canyon SUrfboard. Good shapell call 453-
1905. 110/11) 

1976 Honda 550 CB Moto":ycle. Excellent 
condition. low mileage. S55O/o~. 455-9535. 

1980 Chevette, good condition, S2700. Also. 
stereo system, Teac, Marantz. 140 watts. 5350. 
SUsan 944-14 70. 110/11) 

Clothes by fOlo. Southwick, etc. for men. Ralph 
Lauren. IVrI Klein etc. for 1NOOIerl. SI~ttt used 
and new. Private. call 459-5232. 110/15) 

Black and \Mlite 16" TV. Excellent condition. A 
steal at S85. call Amy 458-9480. /10/18) 

- ----- -~~- --

Futons: Bed <rid counch In one. Hanci'nade of 
100% canon, comfortable and af'fordable. Golden 
Moon 274-4574. 

Add life to your years at UCSO-intormal rush a 
sorority. See what you're miSSlngl call 457-5535. 
110/11) 

To our Theata c!ass pledges Man B. GrMlt B., Chris 
B., Mike C, James C. Doug c., Marshall H., 
MJkhtar J ., Jom L. ~ M., Tane M., Ron R., 
Jom R. Mike~, ~ S .• Jonathan s., Jon s., Jon s., 
Arth.Jr W .• Ed W., & Ken Z:Congratsandgood luck 
with pledges hip in ~Ita Signa Phil Brutal. 110/11) 

To the most awesome group of women ever-I 
wish you all the happiness I\~ found in AOII. 
Enjoyl 110/11) 

To the wonderful RHO pledges: AOII-There is no 
substitute I Alpha Love Ilene and Patti. PO/II) 

Piper. I'm so glad that you've pledged AOII/and 
that }QJ're ~ little sisl You're terrificll..ove. Your 
Big Sis. flO/II) 

Karen-I'll say it one more time, I'm so exdted that 
you're my little sisl Alpha I..ove, Juliel 110/11) 

Heather-Thought I'd surprise you once morel 
Have a great week Itwo days to gol.I..ove, Your BIg 
Sis. flO/lI) 

Need: Investigative types for researching UCSO 
Student SeNters. fxcellent working rours and pay. 
Reg. Fee Intern, Job No. 1205. /10/15) 

To the D.Gs, we could"l't hiIIo'e started 0" any 
better than with you girls. <AIr exchange was 
great I LooIcing forward to our next fun filled 
trolicing evening with you soonl ~ IoYe ya. The 
Guys of 28T. 110/11) 

Dear G.A. applicant: Your ~ic.atlon has been 
considered and appI'OIIed. '!bur gangeI will be sent 
to you and begin work i~. 2 "RC" 
batteries induded. Good luck. Love 'lburGuardian 
Angel. 110/111 
Congratulations to the Theta Class of Defta Sigma 
Phi: Grant. Chris. Matt. Mike C .• Jim. Doug. Rod. 
MJlchtar. Jom L, Dave. Tane, Ron. Jom R., Mike 
s., MOj. ..om ~ith. Jom Stenhouse, Jon. 
Arth.Jr. Ed. and Ken. 110/11) 

Dear John: Did you know that you CtrI earn UC 
credit during your year's s~ abroad in England7 
'There's also financial aid available. ~ don't you 
call the International Center Ix37301 for more info. 
(l0/15) 

Into mnceming stolen 67 Classic VIII bug. CA lie. 
332-VOG. Color was tan <rid had wink mirror. 
Stolen Fri. Oct. S. otr of Nobel Dr. in La Jolla. 
Fantastic rN/ard for any avail. info. ~ 457-
3583. I ICV22J 
Lost, black anaIog/digitai Timex watch on Sun. 
110/7) evening inNMparklng lot. If found call 271-
0317. 110/11) 

Student Premium·, $53.00 
Spouse-$66.25 
Chlldren·$66.25 

'------ per quarter-
ENROLLING NOW until Oct. 14th 

--- InformatiOn and cpplicOfions ore CMliiobie Of -_ ....... 
Student Health Center. Q.()39 • 452· 3300 

~ nor.: /\evised de5aipfNe broctves are available at 
the 5rudenr HeoIrh Cent@(. the nEW broctues replace CJI"tII prior 
broctues describing m. 19&4-1 ~5 lXSO Student Insuron<» , 
Plan lKlderwrirren by Arlano Inr.morionoI ~ Comportf 
I.M1der Polity No. AH01965. Ant br~ thor does nor ~ 
the nororion REV.DI\O.ED.9/64 AH01965 is no I~ in effea. 





Editor 
ANDREW KEELER 

AallOCiate Editor 
CHRIS YO UNG 

Contributina Editon 
ETHAN FEER T, JOAN 
FORSBERG, RONA HU. 

JAMES RALPf-': PAPI' 
Staff 

MIKE AHN. 'tODDY 
BOGAWA. ANDREA 

HARMON. KRISTIN KALA, 
KAREN KELLEY, JEFF 

MUNIC, JOHN NEE, ART 
SALAZAR, CARL STATER, 

ROGER STEPHEN ON 

Editorial 452-3466 
Advertilina 452.3468 

Hiatus is publish~d every 
Thursday of the academic y~ar 
as a supplement to the UCSD 
GUARDIAN. Reproduct-ion 
or use without written 

~rmission of any portion of 
this magazine is a no-no. W~ 
welcome unsolicited lett~rs, 
manuscripts, and artwork , but 
assume no responsibil ity for 
the return of such. SenJ 
information to: 

HIATUS 
8-016. Lu jolla, CA. 92093 

Contents 
Cover: San Diego Repert, 
ory Theater offers insight 
into Eugene O'Neill's 
twisted visions presenting 
two plays through October. 
See story page 3. 

Bob's Book Report. page 2 
Brilliant Bob rips the "cheap 

biography" and especially 
wizkid Steve Wozniak. 

Artist lnsiaht ...... paae 5 
Amanda Farber is the first in 

a series featuring student artists 
and their work. 

Movies . . . . . . . . . . .. Dale 6 
A Soldier's Story proves to be 

a rare opportunity for a mostly 
black cast in a major 
production. 

Goings on page 7 

YOU ARE 
CORDIALLY INVITED 

TOA 
SPECIAL SCREENING OF 

RAIZC)RS EJ::X~E 
This Monday! October 15, 8 pm 

Mandeville Auditorium 
Presented by University Events Office 

Pick-up Free passes at UCSD Box Office today! 

2 Huuw Oct. 11, 1984 

Bob's Book Report 

Wozniak, Slllozniak 
By ROBERT LEONE 

The cheap biography: A trade paperback inhabitant of racks 
usually inhabited by weekly tabloids that has been a puzzling 
feature of the supermarket and drugstore . While most good. 
biographies (including the Litles of many Roman writers and 
poets) at least profess to have some of the high stratus of art or 
history, the cheap biography is a case of "just the facts,' and a 
little spun-on cover fabrication that fills space and makes the 
writer look good. 

A case in point is Woz: The Prodigal Son of Silicon Valte" by 
Doug Garr. Garr, who admits that this book is nothing more 
than an expansion of a magazine article he wrote, has produced a 
book that spends some time considering the background from 
which Steve Wozniak, C()·founder of Apple Computer and 
designer of the Apple II, emerged. 

Fortunately, the book considers many aspects of Wozniak's 
life, including his and Steve Jobs' joint foray into electronics 
manufacturing, when they mass.produced blue boxes to get free 
long.distance phone calls. Garr does do his research, but the 
book still reads like a blown-out magazine article. 

At least such books satisfy the "we need to know" public that 
reads these vile things (although the only thing that I was really 
interested to know was why the Apple was built with a 6502 
processor instead of an 8080). They also keep publishers happy, 
and magazine writers off the streets. 

* * * 
John LeCarre's latest, The Little Drummer Girl, is not a new 

book (it has been in paperback for some time now), but it is a 
major motion picture, and will be sneak·previewed this Friday 
night at Mandeville. 

According to some of my friends, a major fault with the book 
is that George Smiley is not a character. Some of my friends are 
short-Sighted. Without the George Smiley character, LeCarre 
can finally play around with a spymaster who is not a very nice 
person, with an unwilling field agent, with a number of different 
things which help clarify the themes that LeCarre had been 
working on since A Small Town in Germany. Characters we could 
not identify with too well just help the rest of the book. I wonder 
what the movie is like. 

ANTIPASTI 
Summer Squash Soup 
Prosciutto e Melone 

ProsciUllO with Melon or Fr<Sh Fruit in Season 

Melanzane Parmigiana 
Eggplant baked with Mou.areUa and Tomato 

PASTE E PIATH FORTI 
Linguine aI Pesto 

Linguine with Basil. Olive Oil . Garlic and Pine Nuta 

LinW1ine aile Vongole 
Linguin< with Red 01" White Clam Sauce 

Ri . Amatticiana C with F""'" Tom ... o Sauce and l'antttta 
SaIsicce Gri~e oon Peperonata 

Chan:oaI Grilled Italian Sauoage with I'eperonata 

CharooaI Grilled open face Hamburger with Roasted I'q>pers, 
Onions and Cheese 

M i>red Grill of Vegetables with Marinated Goat Cheese 
lnsalata di S inaci 

Spinach ~ with P .... a Shells. Olives, Fet.a Cheeoe and Pine Nu .. with 
8al.amic Vinegar Oressing 

CAUFORNIA PIZZA 
Reuben Pizza 

Corned bed, saueritraut. sw;' chttM: and thousand island ctre..ing 
Camitas Pizza 

Ortega chillis. pork, 0111011 •• tomatoes. cilantro and Mexican checae 

Pizza Q.iattro rormaggi 
Mou.arclJa, swiss, romano and buina cheeses 

Pizza Frutti Mare 
Baby shrimp •• "uid and lCalIopo 

Calzone Mdanzane 
Grilled eggplant. mouarcJJa. roasted g-.ulic, tomatoes and hero. 

Cal zone Salsicce 
Sausage. m07.7~lJa. rk.'Otw and!llln drif:"CI tomatOC$ 

DOLCI 

6.75 

6.75 

5.50 

6.00 
5.50 

8 .00 

8 .50 

8.75 

9.00 

8.00 

8.50 

Gelati· Frutta Espresso 1.50 Cappuccino 2.00 Co/h and Tea 1.00 

The San Diego Repertory is gMng us 
a chance to see into th~ disturbed genius that was 

EUGENE O'NEI 
It is the morning of July 4, 1906. completion of Ah, Wilderness!, his 

only full-length comedy, in 1933. 
Seven years later, O'Neill faced 
unabashedly the anguish of his youth 
with his gifted, but volatile, family in 
his tragic masterpiece Long Day's 
joumey Into Night. 

The San Diego Repertory Theater 
is currently offering a rare insight 
into the complex, captivating life of 

the young Eugene knew. Eugene's 
unstable childhood was further 
complicated by his mother's 
addiction to morphine, which she 
developed shortly after his birth, and 
his volatile love/ hate relationship 
with his alcoholic, older brother 
Jamie. 

Such was the environment which 
produced one of America's finest 

sense and humor. 
Birds chirp merrily as the warm 
summer sun rises in the cloudless 
sky. Inside a modestly comfortable 
house, laughter echoes from the 
dining room where the breakfast 
dishes are being cleared. The 
occupants of the cheerful home are 
making plans for the day. A picnic 
on the beach, an automobile ride in 
the country and a viewing of the local 
fireworks display sound exciting to 
everyone except the dark, sullen 
young man, isolated from the gaiety 
of his family's holiday festivities by 
his adamant rejection of 
conventional familial values in a 
quest to discover the truths of 
human existence. 

By JOAN FORSBERG 

The San Diego Repertory Theater 
production of Ah, Wilderness! 
features the Rep's newly formed 
company of professional resident 
actors, and the cast is uniformly 
excellent. Thom Murray, a 
promising young San Diego actor, 
once again demonstrates his 
immense versatility in the role of the 
sensitive, inquisitive Richard. Darla 
Cash is delightful in her roles as the 
teasing harlot whom Richard 
encounters and his virtuous-girl-
next-door love interest. Director 
Douglas Jacobs has interspersed the 

This rebellious youth is a 
reflection of the adolescent life of the 
prolific American playwright 
Eugene O'Neill, recounted in his 
bittersweet play, Ah, Wilderness! 
While subtitled A Comedy of 
Recollections, O'Neill's endearingly 
nostalgic journey into the past is not 
a chronicle of reality. This gentle, 
warmhearted portrait of middle-
class American family life at the turn 
of the century is O'Neill's idyllic 
dream of an upbringing he longed for 
but never had. "The play is what I 
would have liked my boyhood to 
have been, a sort of wishing out 
loud," O'Neill wrote upon the 

Eugene O'Neill with its admirable 
productions of Ah, Wilderness! and 
Long Day's Joumey Into Night, playing 
in rotating repertory through the end 
of October. 

The setting of both plays is New 
London, Connecticut, where the 
O'Neills had a summer house. While 
the New London property was 
bought by Eugene's father James, a 
prominent stage actor, as a 
semblance of permanence, it never 
truly became a home for the 
O'Neills. Early in his theatrical 
career, James O'Neill opted to 
forsake his artistic potential in favor 
of financial security and to perform 
the title role in the national tour of 
The Count of Monte Cristo. Second-
class hotel rooms and boarding 
schools became the only home that 

YEARS 
AHEAD 
A Full Service Salon 

We would like to introduce to you our 
new and talented hair designer, 
Laurie 
Women $10, reg. $25 
Men $8, reg. $19 
For appointment, please call 457·2930. 
8950 Villa La Jolla Dr., Suite 2120, La Jolla 

A behind EI Torito & Rodeo -directly across th.e ramp) 

Tickets at Campus Box Office 

THREE'S ~1tNY AND IW4CIIlS 
in Concert 
Mandeville Auditorium 
Friday, October 19th 8:00pm 
Saturday, October 20th 2:00pm 8:00pm 
THREE'S COMPItNY AND DANCERS 
Sa., Dlego's Foremost 
Contemporary Dance Ensemble 
Four EXCIting New' Choreographies 

Ellenlng Performances 
$10.50 General 

57.50 UCSD Students, Faculty. 
!:ltan. Seniors and Military 

Mdtlnee performance 
5900 General, $6.50 Discount 

Reservation Information and 
Chdfge·by-P!1one call 296-9523 

Reserved st<ltlng 

playwrights. With 53 plays, four 
Pulitzer Prizes and a Nobel Prize to 
his credit, O'Neill reshaped the 
definition of American modern 
theater, which to his time had been 
characterized by neatly-ar ranged 
parlor dramas, with his exploration 
of the human psyche. 

At age 45, O'Neill journeyed back 
to the days of his adolescence in his 
play Ah, Wilderness! Through the 
character of 17-year old Richard 
Miller, O'Neill relives his own 
coming of age and his eagerness to 
discover the world. Like O'Neill, 
Richard immerses himself in the 
scandalous writings of the turn-of-
the-century aesthetes and 
intellectuals. However, Richard 's 
loving, understanding family accepts 
his rebellion with tolerance, ~ood 

It's time to 
RE-REGISTER 

please tum to page 4 

for the 
1984-1985 Academic Year! 

• 
You must register before 
events and use of funds 

can be approved! 
• 

Please call Marietta 
at X4083. 

ct. 11, 1984 Hiatus 3 



O'Neill 
continued from pqe 3 
ac tion with t he si n ging o f 
sentimental ballads of the era, add ing 
to the atmosphere of small-to wn 
congeniality. 

* * * O'Neill 's reverie of a sim ple, 
joyous upbringing in A h, W ilderness! 
is undercut by his later study of his 
anguished youth in Long Day's 
Journey Into Night, his self-described 
play "of old sorrow, written in tears 
and blood." With rivet ing honesty, 
O 'Neill reveals the complexities o f 
life in a family, consumed by its 
attempts to escape the ghosts o f a 
difficult past . Alcohol, drugs, denial 
and hopeless dreams conceal the 
realities that only the young son 
Edmund (the O 'Neill figure) is 
willing to accept. Directed by Sam 
Woodhouse and peformed by an 
exceptional cast, this production is a 
gripping revelation of how O 'Neill 
transmitted the pain o f a dark 
childhood into the development o f 
his genius. 

Both plays will continue in 
repertory through November I, and 
Long Day's Journey Into Night will 
play through November 18. For 
in formation, call 235-8025 . 

• • • 
UCSD THEATER ACCOLADES: 
The UCSD Drama Department 
recentl y became o ne of five 
p rofess io n a I t hea ter tra i n ing 
programs across the country to 
receive $15,000 grants from the 
National Endowment for the Arts, in 
recognition of outstanding theater 
training . . . . The tour to Santa 
Barbara of last spring's production 
of Love's Labour Lost was awarded 
the KMGQ Radio Station 1984 
Drama Award .. . . The noted UCSD 
Design Team of Professors Robert 
urael and Richard Riddell has 
applied its talents to the world 
premiere production of the Philip 
Glass opera Akhnaton, opening this 
month at the Houston Grand Opera 
House, from where it will travel to 
New York City .. . . The inimitable 
Eric Christmas is currently 
featured in two local movies: the 
Steve Martin/ Lily Tomlin hit All of 
M e (UTC ) and Ph iladelph ia 
Experiment (Mission Valley) . 

Hollywood is looking for 
a few good UCSD men 

Bv ARTHUR SALAZAR 
A UCSD Extension class entitled 

" 35mm Motion Picture Production 
Techniques" offers students the 
experience of film acting, along with 
the possibility for professional 
career advancement in this field. The 
class will be given Wednesday, in 
Psycho logy and Linguistics 1320. 
Auditions will be held, as the class 
searches for several male actors to 
star in its production of The Secret 
Sharer, a new film adaptation of 
Joseph Conrad's book . 

Th e Sec ret Sharer is the 
psychological study of a man 
struggling to understand himself in 
his position as a ship's captain, while 
trying to gain his shipmates' respect. 
A stowaway acts as the catalyst, 
helping the captain to realize his 
ambition. The movie version, a first, 
is a great opportunity for young male 
actors wanting professional, hands-
on experience, and a chance of 
recognition through the picture's 

exposure. 
The film will be shot over three 

quarters, on assorted local boat and 
ocean locations, as well as on-
location at the San Diego Maritime 
Museum and the Star of India. 
Company member Natalie 
Stronbeck adds, "We hope to enter 
this movie into Academy Award 
competition and International Film 
Festivals." 

George Petersen, a San Diego 
State graduate student, is the project 
director and teacher of the three-unit 
class. "I am fond of Conrad's work," 
says Petersen. He preferred UCSD 
over SDSU, and is making this 
project his Masters thesis on film 
and television. The Secret Sharer's 
budget is small, but as Petersen put 
it, "The course is run entirely on 
student fees, which C05t an average 
of $250 per entry." 

For further information, call 272-
5330. - . 

To master your career in business, see 
The SpeCialist: Bentley Graduate School. m Bentley College Graduate School o waltham, MA 02254 
Organizations In todays complex business world 
need both competent general managers and 
skilled specialists with expertise In specific bUSI-
ness functions. That's why Bentley College offers 
students a choice of five different graduate bUSI-
ness programs. 
You can select from four specialized master of 
science programs. In accountancy. computer 
Information systems. finance or taxation. to com-
plement your undergraduate degree in liberal 
arts. science, or business. Or choose our unique 
MBA program that, unlike most other MBAs, is 
tied Into our specialized programs , allowing 
you six areas of concentration p lus interaction 

with fellow students and professors with special-
ized perspectives. 
Located just nine miles from Boston on Route 128, 
Massachusetts' high-technology highway, Bentley 
College offers graduate programs that mirror the 
real-world business environment where general 
managers and their more specialized colleagues 
'NOrk hand-in-hand to achieve success for their 
organizations and their own careers. 

If you 're looking to be the master of your 
business Mura, see The SpecIalist. Send this 
coupon to the Bentley College Graduate 
School or call (617) 891-2108. 

Visit us on MBA Day: October 15.1984 
Outside Student Center -- UCSD 

THE UNCQtv1MO\J IMPORT 
DOSEQ!!IS 

C CERVEf'I:.P:-"' MOCTEZUWA, S A 

.. HiGau O ct. II , 1984 

Yes, I'd like to learn more. Please send me 
information on the follOWing programs: 
o MS in Accountancy 0 MS in Taxation 
o MS in Computer 0 MS in Finance 

Information Systems 
o Master in Business Administration 
I am interested in: 0 Full-time 0 Part-t ime 

study study 
Name __________________________ __ 

Street __________________________ _ 

City ___________ State ____ Zip ____ _ 

College __________________________ _ 

Ma~r ---------------------------

AUOSS DOWII 
1 [SAl 
2 GMAI 
3 GRI 
• M~AI 
S ;!A I 
6 MAl 
1 "( AI 
• I( AI 

• VAl 1 NMB t GR! PSI'Cf1 
" fOE fL 2 V~E 10 CRE 81 0 
II ~SA I 3 ECf Mt. 11 ACHlfVE M( N I' 
12 P,AI 

. 'lEx 12 NUR SIN(; HIl' 
13 ' AI 5 NOB 13 ~ PA 
, . ~\I 6 NP8' U SPE EO RI A OI~I 
15 M,kP 7 NCB I 15 ESI REVIEW 

• ~I;IN'. " INIRO 10 
LAW SCHOOl 

CLASSES ON CAMPUS 

l~~ 
Son Ooego Cenle, 
2180 Gamet Ave SU lle 20 

Pac~lc Beach 92109 
(6'9) 2~'O 
M L. McNulty, Administrator 

INCLUDES SHAMPOO & 
CONDmONfR ONLY 

OPEN SUNDAYS 
UNIVEfiITY TOWNE CENTEa 

...... 

The Scottish shotputter stands ready to throw, 
his muscles tensed as he remains poised on the 
edge of exertion. His brown arms and red kilt 
radiate energy in movement; you can almost hear 
the bagpipes. 

Amanda Farber's art is about movement; 
restless activity runs throughout her exhibit, 

.which is currently on display in Mandeville's 
Annex Gallery. Amanda, too, is in motion. She 
seemed restless as she discussed her work . 

Amanda's work is a series of wood cutouts 
painted with acrylic paint and mounted on the 
gallery walls using strips of wood. The space 
between the work and the wall creates shadows, 
givin~ the figures a three dimensional appearance. 
In addition to the cutouts there is a group of large 
line drawings. The drawings are simple, capturing 
a single thought. They are common objects, 
emphasized by their isolation, in motion. 

All of Amanda's work begins with drawing. She 
sees her sculptures and cutouts as amplifications 
of the single thoughts that her drawings capture. 

'There is continuity in Amanda's work within the 
different groups. Connecting the groups is the 
movement, in the work and in Amanda. 

THE UNIVERSITY OF MARYLAND 
FAIRCHILD SCHOLARS 

PROGRAM 
A unique way to earn 
your M.S. or Ph.D. in 
electrical engineering. 

Work 3 days a week at 
full salary; study 2 days a 
week under full 
fellowship. 

Apply today if you have a 
B.S. (in science or 
engineering), the 
background for E.E. 
study, and a G.P.A. 
above 3.2 (4.0 scale). 

To apply, write or call 
Prof. Anthony Ephremides, director 
of the Fairchild Program, 
Department of Electrical 
Engineering, The University of 
Maryland, College Park, MD 
20742. Phone (301) 454-61991 
6845/6871 . U.S. citizenship 
required before employment 
begins. 

Or contact the Fairchild Program 
representative when he visits your 
campus: 

DATE: OCTOBER 16, 1984 

TIME: 1 :00 p.m. - 4:00 p.m. 
PLACE: Career Services Center 

Humanities Library Bldg. 

A Cooperative Partnership 
of Fairchild Industries and 
The University of Maryland • 

Oct. II , 1984 H ...... S 



". 

• 

145 IOUTH CEDROI QUE 

TONIGHT. Tnursday. October I I 9 pm 

Texas Rhythm (, Blues 
JOHNNY RENO 
& THE 
SAX MANIACS 

Friday. October I 2 

5:30.8:30 pm 
Dixieland jau 
happy hour. 
3rd anniversary for 

THE 

Saturday. October 13 9: 15 pm 
Rockin' Rhythm E. Boogie Blues 

••••• THE JAMES 
HARMAN BAND 
with guests 
DAN J!lcCLAIN'S SONS 
featuring Joey Harris 
E. Paul Kamanski 

••••• 
Sunday. October 14 

5-9 pm-Belly Up Tavern and the San Diego Blues Organization present 
BOOGIE BLUE SUNDAYS 

This week 
THE HOLLYWOOD FATS ALL*8TARS 
featuring Hollywood Fats. James Harmlln. Richard Innes. Willie Jay Campbell 

9: 15pm 

THEMARDELS 
Monday. October 15 9 pm 

Rock £, Roll 

DlIII~IK.p-~ -.. 
II )IFIBfJINAIIIRIf 

5ive lines up 
(formerly Four Eyes) 

and 

N·E·l 
Coming: Thursaay. 

Tickets available at Belly Up Tavern 

Pop rock singer/ songwriter 

JACK LEE 
Jack has currently been 0<11"9 high on the European re<:orcf wnter 0( the C;urrent hit 
song Come;- Back and :May ¥o1llch relthed the -, POSitlon tn 5eYerallvropeancountnes, - 220n the 
Billboard charts. voted Best 'Song at the ""'den Festival and voted Album of the Year by SBC I . Brltam 5 
• I radtO 'taliOfl He also 'oirfotr Hdngmg on the Telephone and \'. //1 '\nylhllly Happerl from the 
platinum Bfoodle dlbum Pil rdllel un" 

FREE AFI'ERI"IOON CONCERTS 
HAPPY HOUR PRICI::.S 7 DAYS A WEEK 

GIAl'IT SCREEN WORLD SERIES FRIDAY & WEDNESDAY 

Wedn" .,y. 6:(}()·800 pm -

FOR INFORMA nON CALL 481·9022 

6 Hiatus Oct. 11, 1984 

Howard E. Rollins, Jr. (ries to tracl< down a murderer in fA Soldier's Story.' 

For Rollins and co. 
the story is murder 

By BRUCE LUKE 
On the surface, A Soldier's Stor), is 

a murder mystery set on an Army 
base in the deep south of the 1940s. 
Master Sergeant Vernon C. Waters 
(Adolph Caesar) is shot and killed 
on a dark, lonely road as he is 
staggering back to the base in a 
drunken stupor. Waters is hated by 
so many people that the situation is 
reminiscent of Agatha Christie's 
Mousetrap. The Department of the 
Army dispatches military attorney 
Captai n Richard Davenport 
(Howard E. Rollins, Jr.) to sort out 
the murderer from those whf) merely 
hated the dead man. The events 
leading to the murder are revealed 
through a series of flashbaCKS as 
Davenport questions the various 
men who had a reason to want 
Waters dead. 

The line of questioning pursued 
by Davenport and, as a result, the 
film itself, reveals far more than the 
identity of the murderer. At Fort 
Neal, Louisiana in 1944, segregation 
was a way of life. "Coloreds" held a 
position in society somewhere 
between slavery and freedom . 
Captain Davenport is the first black 
officer ever seen by the men of Fort 
Neal. H.e is a proud, self-assured man 
who has achieved a rare level of 
accomplishment for this period. 
Davenport personifies a link 
between the subservient blacks of 
the past and the proud blacks of the 
future. 

The character of Davenport 
provides a stark contrast to the man 
whose death he is investigating. 
Sergeant Waters is a confused man 
who tries desparately not to show it. 
He, like Davenport, is also an 
intensely proud man, but he feels the 
only way to provide a better life for 
his children is to be accepted by the 
whites on their terms, to become 

• • .and it's free 
Bill Murray's first dramatic film, 

The Ra~or's Edge, will be shown at 
Mandeville Monday night. Free 
passes are availab le starting today at 
the box office. 

Murray plays a man looking for 
spi ritual enlightenment in post 
World W ar II Europe. W e ain't 
afraid of no gurus. 

more like them. He suffers from a 
severe inner struggle which torments 
him until his death. He is possessed 
by a fanatical obsession to eliminate 
the "shiftless, lazy Negroes" from 
the sight of both himself and of the 
whites without a hint of compassion 
for the individual whose life he is 
destroying. This film gives a 
marvelous view of racism from 
within, but it also an examination of 
the misunderstanding of history by 
blacks ilJ this country. 

Although the two central 
characters are Davenport and 
Waters, it seems unfair to single out 
Rollins and Caesar for their roles. 
The entire cast is excellent . Rollins 
gives his character a calm, yet intense 
sense of reassurance which seems 
completely believable. Caesar, in 
recreating his Obie-winning 
performance for his role in the stage 
version , is very reminiscent of the 
Jack Webb performance in TheDl as 
the tough, dedicated drill instructor. 
Caesar will undoubtedly receive an 
Academy Award nomination for 
best supporting actor for his role. 
The remaining members of the cast, 
responding to well-developed, 
multifaceted characters, provide 
stirring performances. 

The production crew exhibits 
some fine c redentials . Past 
productions to their credit include: 
Ordinary People, Absence of Malice 
and other films . Norman Jewison, 
the film's director, is argued by some 
to be the best director in America 
today. He felt so strongly ahout this 
film that he offered to provide his 
services for free. In fact, virtually 
everyone on the set worked for 
minimum scale to assure the film's 
production. Their sacrifices were for 
a good cause. . 

A Soldier's Stor), is playing at the 
Lorna Theater. 

Goings on 
The San Di"Jo Folk Featival 

will run throUgh Sunday at the 
Old Globe Thetaer in Balboa 
Park. Featured in this folk 
extravaganza will be Rose 
Maddox, U. Utah Phillips , 
Stones Throw, Sam Hinton, Jim 
Ringer, Mary McCaslin, the Beat 
Farmers and a cast of thousands. 
282-7833. 

* * * 

Sunday the Red Hot Chili 
Peppera will play at the Rodeo. 
This band is a personal favorite 
of Jed the Fish and is definitely 
worth checking out. 457-5590. 

* * * 

Mark Meadows will perform 
at the Rodeo Wednesday .• 57-
5590. Also Wednesday, blues-
rock guitarist Johnv Winter 
will perform at the Bachannal at 
9 pm. 483-6339. 

* '* * 

The L.A. Bau Choir will 
perform Wednesday in· 
Mandeville Recital Hall at 8 pm. 
The program will consist of 
works by Barry White, Banny 
Colson, Duke Ellington and 
others. Admission is $Z. 452-
3Z29. 

* * * 

Saturday the La Jolla Chamber 
Music Society will present the 
Northern Sinfonia of 
En,land at Sherwood Hall at 8 
pm. The conductor is noted horn 
player Barry Tuckwell. 459-
3724. 

* * * 

The Mar Del, will play auhe 
Belly Up Tavern Sunday. Other 
bands that will soon be coming to 
the Belly Up include Clifton 
Chenier and Jack Mack and the 
Heart Attack. 481-9022. 

* * * 

, 

Saturday, a 91X concert will 
be presented at the Spirit Club 
on Morena Blvd. It's almost free 
at the 91, cover charge. The 
show will featur -:: Scott 
Goddard (billed as "Cow 
Punk") and Laws of Motion. 
276-3993. 

* * * 

Lea Apachea was a society of 
musicians in Paris whi ch 
included such names as 
Stravinsky and Ravel. The group 
met every week to share their 
latest creative efforts with one 
another. What emerged from 
this interaction became history. 
Tonight at 8 pm the UCSD 
Music Dept. will honor this 

society in the Mandeville Recital 
Hall. Patrons of the concert are 
encouraged to wear costumes of 
the period (near the turn of the 
century) . Admission is $3 
general and $1 for students and 
seniors. 452-3229. 

* * * 

Friday the San Diego Jazz 
Festival and La Jolla Museum of 
Contemporary Art present The 
Art Ensemble of ChicallO. The 
Art Ensemble of Chicago has 
been around for 20 years playing 
its own special blend of black 
root music with hints of just 
about every other style known to 
man. Tickets are $10 advance, 
$12 at the door. 459-1404. 

• Computer Sdence 
• Electrical Engineering 

ON CAMPUS INTERVIEWS 
October 18 

Two UCSD alumni compo-
sers will per(or~ a piece 
entitled Talk and Mus ic which 
presents the ideas of David 
Dunn and Warren Burt in 
silence, music, philosophy, 
politics and aesthetics along with 
music performed influenced by 
these ideas. The concert is Friday 
at the Center for Music 
Experiment and there is no 
admission charge. 452-3229. 

* * * 

A photographic exhibit of the 
Tarucalll of Mexico opens 
Friday at the Museum of Man in 
Balboa Park . The exhibit 
demonstrates the diversity of the 
Tarascans' work ranging from 
simple crafts to a carved violin. 
239-2001 . 

* * * 

Dr. Barbara Watson will 
give a lecture at the Museum of 
Man Monday at noon. The 
lecture will focus on women in 
various cultures and how they 
were trained for their roles in 
Society. The lecture is free with 
the price of museum admission. 
239-2001. 

* * * 

Selected Sculpture of the Last 
Decade by Martin Puryear, an 
exhibition of twenty large scale 
abstract sculptures will open at 
the La Jolla Museum of 
Contemporary Art Saturday. 
454-3541. 

* * * 

Artist's Choice , an 
exhibition of five local artists is 
currently on display at Sushi, 
downtown and will run through 
October 27. 235-8466. 

* * * 

Traditional and contemporary 
techniques of jewelry design are 

explored in Twenty*five 
Jewelen plw laadora. The 
works for this exhibition are on 
display at Gallery Eight in La 
Jolla. 454-9781. 

* * * 

The photographic works of 
Faiya Fredman (Hiatus Oct. 4) 
are on view in the Mandeville 
Gallery through October 30. 
453-3120. 

'* * * 

Camera Malic featuring the 
works of Chuck Rouse, Steve 
Goldstein, Paul Johnson and 
Alan Cook will be on display 
through October 20 at Mathes 
Cultural Center. 743-3322. 

* * * 

The 1984/ 85 UCSD Theater 
Season opens November 1 with 
Arthur Wing Pinero's 

Trelawny of the Well •. 
Tickets range from $5 to $8 with 
subscriptions to the 5-play 
84/ 85 season going for the 
modest price of $18. 454-4574. 

* * * 

Mort Sa hi will begin a three 
day run at the Comedy Store on 
Pea rI Street in La Jolla 
W ed nesday . M'any will 
remember Sahl as the great 
political comedian of our era, 
others will remark that he has a 
large nose. 454-9176. 

* * * 

If you UIOUld. like an 
event included in Goings 
On please send it to &016, 
UCSD, La Jolla , 92093 or 
call 452*3466 . The 
deadline for listings is 
Monday at noon. 

"TGI FRIDAY'S' 
HIGH ""GFS 

ARE 
••• 

You can make big money at the new TGi Friday's 
Restaurant in !he La JoIa Village Square. 

AI POSiOOns open. Int8MeWs now being held. 
Mon . .fn. 8 a.m.·5 p.m. s.t. 9 .. .m.·HI p.m. 

La Jolla Village 1M. 
3299 Holiday Court 

LaJola. CA 
(619) 458-9588 

AND WE'RE HIRING 
150 PEOPLE IN THE 

NEXT THREE WEEKS." Take your knowledge to the highest degree with the Burroughs Corporation. We're a 
world leader in electronics-based information 
systems, bringing nearly a century of tradition 
to the next generation of computer products 
and services. Our solid reputation provides a 
firm foundation for building your future with 
the best. 

See your college placement office to arrange 
an interviews Frida~' •• A career 

of a dFerent sbfpe • 
Burroughs' ongoing growth and success in the 
design,. engineering, manufacturing, marketing 
and support of information systems and related 
equipment has created exceptional career 
opportunities for ambitious graduates in: 

For additional information please contact: 
Burroughs Corporation, Western Region 
College Relations, Dept. 100,3519 W. Warner 
A venue, Santa Ana, CA 92704. 
An Affirmative Action Employer M/F 

Burroughs 
'1'1 I F ( ) l" F S' r 1 ( ) \: 1 S ~ I' r \ v II ( )' S B I ( ; ( ; F l{ . 

"-

rr's \\"ll( rs BF-["I'FR. 

An 8qUII opporU1iIy ornpk>yer. INF. 

Oct. 11, 1984 HiclCUI 7 



UCSD Theatre 
1984-85 Season 

Mandell weiss Center for the Performing Arts 
ExPLORATIONS IN THFATRE 

THAT SIGNAL NEW DIRECTIONS 
FOR THE DRAMATIC ARTS 

FALL 

TRELAWNY OF THE ''WELLS'' 
An unabashedly sentimental comedy 
about life in the theatre that "sparkles 
with wit.. .with just the right 
combination of bubbly farce and 
hearts-and-flowers romance." 
Starring Eric Christmas. 
October 31 - November 11 

WINTER 

SPECIAL PROJECT 
Winter means excitement and 
challenge when designers Roben 
Israel and RiChard Riddell join forces 
with an emerging directing talent 
from New York's downtown scene. 
This creative collaboration will 
produce an adventurous and 
stimulating dramatic work. 
February 6-17 

SPRING 

CURSE OF THE 
STARVING ClASS 
Sam Shepard's powerful play about a 
family that is starving-not so much 
for food, but for life-is arresting in 
both its crudity and tenderness. 
Called a "work of eloquent intensity 
and whirlwind farce .... " 
May 1-12 

PLUS A BONUS OF lWO GRADUATE REPERTORY PLAYS 
See the same professionally trained students play different 
roles in two productions on alternating nights in March. 

5 Plays for Only $18! 
r------------------------------------------------------------------. I 0 PLEASE SEND ME A COpy OF THE SUBSCRIPTIONS: • 
I 198-4-85SEASONBROCHURERIGHTAWAY • 
I II of Preview subscriptions or Student s • 
• NAME subscriptions __ it S18 • 
I II of UCSD Faculty/Staff S • 
I ADD RESS subscriptions __ at $23 • 
: II of Regular subSCriptions __ at $1' S : 
I CllY ZIP CODE HANDLING CHARGE s 1.00 • 
: PHONE # (DAY) (EVE) TOTAL S : 
I DAY OF ATTENDANCE: (Wrilt 1 (or lint choice, 2 for second choice) METHOD OF PAYMENT: • 
• • I Week One: __ Preview- _ Th-- (Opening) _ Fr _ Sa _ Su _ Vi5a __ MuterCard II Exp. DaI£-- • 
I Week Two: _ Th _ Fr _ Sa _ Su _ Check enclosed (Payable to U.c. Rqenll) • 
I -Preview subscription tickets are not eligible for exchanae and seating is nol reserved. MAIL TO: UCSD Drama Dept, D ~ .... , LaJoUa, • 
I Previews are on Wednesday evenings. u-vT'T • 
I.-Friends of the Theatre receive priority consideration for Optninl Niaht. For funher CA 92093. Or ehalJe by phone to • 
I infonnation caU4.52.3793. Visa/MasterCard at "52·3793. I 

~-----------------------------------------------------------------~ 
8 Hiatus Oct. II , 198-4 


