
fill'"t~~"k ' College 

Details on page 7. 



2 May 17, J<l8~ 

A total of 51 persons diagnosed WIth 
AlD (Acqulrcd Immune DdlCl' 'lcy 
yndrome) have re elved care In San 

DIego Count>' stnce 1981, accord 109 to 
IOlormallon relca ed by the ~1a)'or's 
Task Force on AID . The project IS 
headed by Robert G PetersdorL:'1D, 
lean of tho: UCSD chool of ~1edlctne . 

"If an DIego 'onllnues to 10110\\ the 
natIonal trend , we can expect the 
number of cases to double ea h month 
for several years: ' thl' Task Force nOted . 
There were 23 deaths due to rhe dIsease 
by this date , or 45% of the total ca es 
dIagnosed since 1981. Over 4,000 cases 
of AlDS have been confirmed thus far 10 
Lhe nation , 

o 

Lajolla philanthropist Florence Riford 
has established a charitable annuity truSt 
fund totaling 615,000 through the UC 
San DIego Foundation, to support the 
Department of Ophthalmology at the 
UC D School of Medlctne. According to 
Chancellor RIchard Atktn on. the truSt 
fund WIll be used to lurther the 
development of the relatively young 
department. -The gIft of SIght is 
priceless, and countless children and 
adultS \Viii ulnmately benefIt from thl' 
resea rch advances and Improved patient 
care made pOSSIble by Mrs Rlford 's 
phIlanthropy," saId Chancellor AtklOson 

o 

Abol1ion and the Politics of 
Motherhood, a new book bv UCSD 
assocIate professor of SOCl(Jlogy Dr 
Kristin Luker deals WIth the onglO, 
mean 109 and the hkely future of the 
current debate about abortion 10 
Amenca today. Luker dIscusses why, 
although bOlh legal and Illegal abortions 
have been performed in this country lor 
more than 150 years , the subject of 
abortion has become so controversial. "If 
turns out that only relatively recently in 
our history IS the claIm made that 
abortion IS wrong In all penods of 
pregnancy," Luker says, "What has 
happened IS that an underlytng Issue 
which had never been resolved about 

1972 ... 
Twenty-two anti -VIetnam War 

protesters blocked the I mersectlon of La 
jolla Shores Drive and Ardath Road early 
yesterday morning. The group then 
proceeded to occupy the Intersection 
and clapped hands, shouting, "End the 
War!" and "Pretend you're ships and 
we're the mmes." At the heIght of the 
demonstration , cars were backed up for 
app roxmlately one rntle on either SIde 
of the road. 
J974 ... 

Lobbying agamst the proposed 
plus/ mlllus gradlllg system began 
shomy after the ommlllee on 
Edu ational Poltcy approved the 
proposal on May 10 Lee Burke , who IS 
coordlllatlng dIrector 01 the student!> 
dgalllSt the plus/ minus system, s;:lId, 
-The locus of our drive IS SImply to 
, peak with faculty I have lalth In the 
faculty's reasonmg abiltty." 
L975 .. , 

Antiwar activist DaVid Hams spoke at 
the MandeVIlle AuditOrium 1 hursdJ)' 

.... ". :-.« .. \ .;-~. ' '" .v. . .:.:>:.. ".' . ", . '.. ... . ~.:} 

abortt,?n suddcnly came back \I1to the 
open 

o 
Bohdan Lewandowski, a Regents 

Professor of HIstory at UC D and a 
consultant to the Secretary-General 01 
the United ;\ations from Poland, will 
address the World AffaIrs CounCil of 
S,lIl Diego nn the current Situation 111 
Poland. The meeting wtll be open to the 
publtc and IS scheduled for May 29 at 
II am at Tom Ham's LIghthouse 
Re tauram. LewandowskI has been a 
member of Polish delegations to the 
Ull\ted ations since 1950 and has held 
important pOSitions in that delegation 
since 1972. For more information, all 
231-0111 . 

o 
The Association for Retarded Citizens 

of an Diego, Residential Services, will 
host ItS second annual "Hike to Help" 
on May 19 Dale chaefer, a residential 
instructor, will undertake a DO-mile 
hIke from Palm Springs to San DIego. 
chaefer IS seekll1g pledges of $6 per 

person , the revenue granted will provide 
furniture for the new Pre-Apartment 
Program and IIlcrease meanlllgfulliving 
opportunltle for people with mental 
retardation. To pledge your suppOrt, call 
5H-I218. 

o 
For the seminar in all of us here IS a 

list of some up oming beauties: On May 
17 . -DIabetes and Ischemic Heart 
DIsease" will be gIven by Dr Eltzabeth 
Barrett-Conner, Chairwoman of 
Commull\ty and FamIly MedIcine, and 
will be held III Garren Auditorium in 
BSB. "Polygeni Mutation: the Fuel for 
Phenotypic Evolution" WIth Dr. Michael 
Lynch, University of Illinois, on May 17 
at noon, 1103 Muir Biology Building. 
"High Resolution Crystallographic 
Studies of Histon-Iike and Ribosomal 
Proteins" will be gIven by the honored 
Dr, Krzystof Appelt on Tuesday, May 22 
at 4 pm, 2105 Bonner Hall. 
"Development of Growth Control m T-
Lymphocytes," by Dr. Ellen Rothenberg, 
California Institute of Technology, wilt 
be held on june 6 at 4 pm In USB 2622. 

night on American involvement in 
Indochllla, in conjunction with the 
showing of the documentary film In tlte 
Year of the Prg. Hams began by saylllg 
Amencans should learn a lesson from 
VIetnam and not Just "let those 20 years 
of hIstory drop off behllld ." 
1977 .. , 

In an effort to generate enthUSIasm, 
the Alumni and Friends at UCSD have 
proposed that the mascot 01 the campus 
be changed lrom the Triton to the 
Koala. The members believed thJt "the 
bear IS the symbol for the Us," 
referring to the "Golden Be;J,," of 
Berkeley and the "BrUins" of UCLA. 
Also , the SJn Diego Zoo has the only 
ko.lia bears outsIde of Austraha. 
1979 .. . 

Moves to SWItch UC to the semc~[cr 
s)'stem have apparently died . UC 
PreSIdent D.lvld Saxon opposes a 
change , Jnd ,tudles II1dlCJtC [hat a 
c.:hJnge would not save an apprecl<lblc 
amount 01 monc), 

- Christopher Canole 

Center referendunt's 
nearly $6,000 budget 
goes to organizations 

Next week's referendum for the proposed $12 million-plus Student Center 
WIll COSt about $6,000: a budget geared to involve both undergraduate and 
graduate students in the votmg process. 
. In addition to brochures describing the project, computer balloring and 

miscellaneous costs, the Student Center Board has also decided to pay $1 ,500 to 
various student organizations and an additional $450 to individuals. 

According to Tom Tucker, committee chairman, the paid individuals are 
"expending an enormous amount of effort to run the election ." 

Bm Ansell ran the recent AS election and the Student Center Board has 
chosen him to run this one. 

Ansell ran the AS election for free in the capacity of elections commissioner, 
but is receiving $150 for this ballot. He couldn't afford to run this one for free 
because the amount of time required for the last one caused his grades to suffer, 
he saId. 

Four individuals are receiving $75 for their efforts as well . 
According to Ansell , the money for organizations is needed to get sufficient 

manpower to operate the polls, although previously, special elections were run 
by volunteers. 

"T hese organizations volunteered their time in the AS election, but we can't 

Tom Tucker, vice chancellor of the Student Center. 

get them to do it for free this time," Ansell said. 'Their friendliness is all used 
up." 

The referendum budget limits the payment of organizations to $1,500. 
If an organization contributes a specified amount of time (about 50 man-

hours), it will automatically receive a maximum of about $300. 
Running the booths will require 350 man-hours, Ansell said . 
According to Ansell , ASIO, SAM, PLEA, Circle K, EMSA, Model UN and all the 

fraternities and sororities have been approached to work the booths, but the 
actual list of workers has not been fina lized. 

Fifteen thousand copies of an informational brochure, which describes all 
aspects of the proposed Student Center, have been produced ata cost of$2,500. 

Tucker has heard some informal complaints about the cost of the brochures. 
He defends the production of high quality pamphlets: "When it comes to 
students, we try to do everything as high quality as we can." 

The brochure includes a sample of the referendurn , a list of the facilities to be 
prOVided by the Center and answers to some of the commonly-asked questions 
concerning the project. 

All but about 2,000 of the brochures have been distributed so far, Tucker said . 
People have been , and will continue , operating information booths around 

campus. In addition to the brochures, Student Center representatives are 
available to answer questions about the Center. 

Action Compute Corporation (ACC), the company responSible fo r the AS 
elections ballots, will handle the balloting for this referendum at a cost of $700. 

In addition to providing 10,000 ballots, ACC wilt do the computer counting 
after collecting the ballots. 

The Student Center Board has spent $640 on advertising in the Guardian , 
while Guardran advertiSing for the AS elections was $800, Posters and other 
promotional media have also been spread around campus. More than $200 will 
be spe nt on miscellaneous costs . 

- Sean Wagstaff 

UC student fee reductions 
pass subcommittee 
By JACKIE AFFONSO 
Sacramento Correspondent 

The enate Fi nance Subcommittee 
voted to reduce UC student fees by an 
add itional $30 on Tuesday, to ensure 
the contllluauon of student fee poltcy 
negotiations. 

Combllled with the Governor's 
proposed $70 fee reduction, the 
subcommittee's action would resull in a 
$100 student fee decrease for the 1984-
85 academtc year. 

This further reduction of student fees 
means the entire student fee issue will 
now be discussed between members of 

both houses in conference commi ttee 
hearings. 

The bask fee policy, requested by the 
Legislative Analyst'S olTi ce, outlines a 
"fee-setting mechanism" which 
determines the amount of money an 
individual student should pay for 
instruCtion based on a three-year 
average of sta te general fund support for 
education , 

The fe e policy presented to the 
Senate subcommittee by its staff, after 
negotiations including UC budget 

offiC ials and the UC tudent Lobby, 
combined a further student fee 
reduction with the removal of a defined 
maxImum student fee level. The 
ubcommlttec denied its suppOrt of the 

policy after negative testimony by the 
Department of Fmance and the UC 
Student Lobby. 

The UC tudent Lobby had proposed 
a maximum limit on student fees per 
year during the negotiations, UC 
Student Lobby Director Ron Balestrieri 
said. He was concerned that a decrease 

Faculty salary increases approved 
By JACKIE AFFONSO 
Sacramento Correspondent 

UC faculty salary increases, the 
University'S highest budget priori ty, 
were approved by both Assembly and 
Senate budget subcommittees last week. 

If the subcommittees' actions remam 
consistent with the Governor's proposed 
1984-85 budget, over the next two 
months faculty salaries will increase 
12.8%. 

itself more acceSSIble to women and 
minorities by providing child care 
facilities on all campuses and special 
summer fellowships for minorities, 
among orher things. 

The subcommittee, howeve r, was nor 
satisfied wi th the University 'S 
accomplishments and also asked for a 
report on women and mlllority staff 
development programs. 

University'S recent comparable worth 
study "indicated a totalla k of 
understanding of the Issue." 

The $4.7 rnillton would be given to 
the ulllon and distributed to UC staff 
through a collective bargaming process. 

Unlike the Assernblr, the enate 
subcommittee passed the faculty salary 
Increases with little dISCUSSIOn . Members 
of both houses will meet in a conference 
committee to resolve the additional 
requests of the Assembly subcommittee. 

III next year's fees, under the staffs 
policy, was not a faIr "trade-off' for the 
loss of control over future fee IIlcreases. 

"I don't think the staff 
recommenda tions accurately renected aU 
of the negotiations that went on," he 
said . 

talf consultant to the subcomm Ittee 
Dan Wall said he removed the cap on 
lees to "stimulate them I students I to 
negotiate ." Wall said that some SOrt of a 
compromIse will have to be made on 
thIS issue, 

UllIversity budget offiCials testified tn 
suppOrt of fee policies presented m 
both subcommittees. UC ASSIstant VIce 
PreSIdent and Director of the Budget 
Larry Hershman saId , "We are wilting to 
work with everybody we need to for a 
long-term fee policy. It 's very hard to get 
all these different parties to agree to 
something." 

Balestrieri said he believed the 
Governor might accept another fee 
red uction, and is optimistiC that the 
Senate would approve it. 

He said , however, the Assembly would 
not be as supportive due to the lack of 
state funding allocated to community 
colleges. 

Senator icholas Petris (D-Oakland) 
expressed his commitment to lowering 
fees and finding a SUitable fee policy. 
He said the cost of attending UC should 
nor equal thar of private schools. 

The subcommittee's action, proposed 
by Senator Ken Maddy (R-Fresno) was 
taken primarily to avoid duplica ting 
Assembly subcommittee action on the 
fee policy taken Monday, he said . 

The Assembly subcommittee, whIch 
had voted for a 570 fee reduction 
ea rlier, also denied ItS support for a 
long-term fee poltcy presented by the 
Legislative Analyst Monday. 

Faculty would receive 9% of the 
increase on july 1, 1984, and the 
add itional 3.8% on january I , 1985, The 
increase places UC faculty salaries above 
those at comparable institutions, 
accord ing to a California Postsecondary 
Educauo;,\ CommISSIOn study released 
last month .. 

Although both subcommittees 
approved the ~alary increases, the 
Assembly subcommittee attached some 
trings. 

At the suggestion of Assemblyman 
Larry Stirling (R-La Mesa). who 
abstai ned from the vote, the 
subcommittee agreed no state money 
would be aUocated for faculty salaty 
increases until the University submitted 
a report to the Legislature detailing the 
essentials of a PhD for the purpose of 
teaching at Uc. The report is due 
january 1, L985. 

In addition to the twO studies, 
subcommittee members requested that 
the Universi ty submit another 
comparable worth study and augment 
the budget by $4.7 million as 
compensation to female staff employees 
who hJve been . receiving less money 
than males in Slfllliar jobs. The stud), is 
due December I , 1984. 

American Federation of State, County 
and Municipal Employees officials, 
represenrlllg 30,000 UC staff employees, 
told subcommittee members the 

Militant Jewish org. 
plans UCSD branch 

Reacting to the subcommittee's action, 
UC Assistant Vice President and 
Director of the Budget Larry Hershman 
said, "We are obviouslYJleased about 
the dollars ." He also sai the University 
was relieved that the enate 
subcommittee approved the increases as 
proposed by the Governor. 

Stirling's request was the outcome of a 
tense debate focusmg on University 
women and minority recruitment and 
promotion practices. Stirling was nor 
sa tisfied with UC Academic Vice 
President William Frazer's explanation 
of UCs hiring and tenure procedures. 

Frazer sa id the UniverSIty hires vety 
few faculty members witholU PhDs. UCs 
promotion criteria consist of a 
committee review of a faculty member's 
teach ing, research, University and 
public service accomplishments, he said . 

tirling said fa ulty pr motion 
should bc measured by thei r students' 
accompl ishments, and IIldividuals 
without PhDs are capable of teachlllg 
many UllIver It)' courses. 

"They're not evaluated 0 11 results, but 
('ertam folklore that shows they're a part 
01 rhe tealll," tirling saId. 

frazer told the subcommittee 
members there are Illore women bCLIlty 
JOllllng and taYlng with the Univer it)' 
because It has been successful in 
removmg an unfavorable attitude toward 
them whICh eXlsu::d 20 years ago. 

AcademIC . cnare ' halrlllan Dr. RJlph 
Turner So'1 ld the UllIversity has made 

First UCSD 
speech team 
places fourth 

UCSD was represented for the first 
time at a Speech and Debate 
Tournament last Saturday, and 
finished very impressively. 

Competing against a field of 23 
other colleges and universities in the 
Pa ci fi c Southcoast Forensics 
AsSOCIation Toumament in Whittier, 
the UCSD team finished fourth overall 
tn the Sweepstakes. The tearp was 
made up of members from the 
Lit / Writing 18 Advanced Pubhc 
Speaking class taught by Pat Mills. 

Leading the UCSD erfort were: 
teven Crupi , Revelle freshman , who 

finished Hrst in both Elltemporaneous 
and Impromptu Speakmg; Alan 
Shneour, Warren junior, who fini shed 
first tn Informative peaking; Eric 
Berg, Warren senior, who fini hed 
third in Persua ive Speaking; and 
Gary Gleason, Warren junior, who 
finished fourth in Impromptu 
peaking. Also contributing to UCSD's 

strong showing were Patricia Edn h, 
Th ll'd College Junior, Todd Leitz, 
Warren junior and Michael Wippler, 
Muir sophomore. 

By PAUL lAZERSON 
A new, more militant jewish student 

organiza tion has been formed at Sa n 
Diego State University this year and 
plans to branch out to UCSD for the 
academic year 1984-85. The jewish 
Action Committee is a subsidiary of the 
long-established jewish Student union at 
SDSU, but its philosophies and plans for 
action are quite different than its parent 
organization. 

The jAC claims an active membership 
of 30 to 35 at State out of the more than 
500 people on the umbrella 
organiza tion's mailing list. Leader Marc 
Annis, a se nior majoring in political 
science, said he had started the group 
as a reaction agai nst the "bagels and lox 
JudaIsm" he sees as being prevalent 
within the already-established j ewish 
student organizations. 

"The jewish Student Union in the 
past has been mostly a social 
organization. We believe there are a I t 
of stude nts out there who want to be 
active in a more meanmgful way than 
JUSt dancmg and singing songs," said 
Annis. "There are a lot of important 
issues that pertatn to the JeWIs h people, 
and we want to give those students who 
want to be involved an organization 
where they can do it." 

peaking out and demonstrating 
about the pltght of oppre sed jewry tn 
the oviet Unton, vanou Arab countries 
and Ethi oplU is hIgh on the JACs II t of 
priorities. They ee the "offiCIal 
spokespeople" of the jewish community 
as relying toO much on quiet dIplomacy 
and nor enough on dIrect a tlon . 

For Hoi CJU t Remembrance day, 
Annt and me 12 other members of 

the group picketed against what they 
feel is the soft treatment many ex-Nazis 
have received in this country. They were 
successful in terms of the media: the 
San Diego Union covered their 
demonstration . 

-We are willing to go out on the 
streets," Annis commented , "Wendy 
lone of the members I and 1 went into 
Walts and held a rally against jesse 
jackson. We had a Heros Day where he 
commemorated the deaths of j ews who 
gave their lives trying to save their 
brothers and sisters." 

Annis is extremely well ve rsed in 
modem JeWIsh history as was his 
counterpart Wendy Madnick, a junior at 
State majoring in journalism. They are a 
good-looking pair, both tanned and 
athletic. The biggest problem they face 
is apathy, but the responses they have 
gorten over this past year seem to have 
strengthened thei~ resolve to continue. 

About Israel, they take what would be 
called a hard-hne attitude by eIther 
I raeli or American standards. AnI1lS 
suggests that Israel should provide 
compensation for We t Bank Arabs for 
the purpose of haVi ng them leave the 
area. "Populauon transfers are nor 
unheard of 111 hIStory," Annis said. 
"When Israel was formed , almo tone 
Illilhon jews from Arab lands were made 
refugees and I rael took them in," 

Up to now, mainstream Jewish 
organi zations have accepted and 
worked with the JA to ome extent. 
That cooperation will probably be tCMed 
next year when the jAC seeks to expand 
Jnd enlarge its activi ties. 



4 May 17. 198'+ 
OPINION _ 

... ~. x,· ',,~.~'~.. .~. .' .. ~ .' .• '.. .~. ' .... 

Editorial 

What's in a name? 
After 15 years , Third College is finally getting 

around to finding a name. Its moniker-absence in the 
past has been a distressing situation, as one would 
sooner have realized if one's parents went about 
referring to one as "First Child" or "Fourth Child." 

Actually there have been previous attempts to 
bestow on Third something more than numerality. 
Many, many years ago, almost as many years as 
certain left-wing individuals have been students at 
this campus, Martin Luther King College was 
suggested . But black militantism, or militant blackism, 
was on the rise , and suddenly it seemed little better 
than Uncle Tom College. Martin Luther King was 
abandoned and Lumumba-Zapata was taken up. 

Lumumba-Zapata was not the possessor of an 
upper-class English hyphenated name, but rather he 
was two people . But even then, Lumumba was going 
down not even in infamy but in obscurity. Now, 
probably very few students even at Third could tell 
you who he was, why he died and where . 

Besides, that would have been an unfair advantage 
over the other colleges, possessors of a Single name. 
To restore equality, one would leave the door open to 
Revelle-Lee and Warren-Peace. One current 
suggestion of King-Kennedy is no better: Drop the 
hyphen , and you would not surprise many 
Republicans. 

Gandhi is another suggestion, but it should have 
been suggested sooner after the movie . Celluloid 
popularity recedes quickly. Unity is a popular one , 
bur it sounds like a bible college , or at least a 
theological school. The full Martin Luther King, Jr. 
College c reates similar confusion on the institution's 
status. 

As usual , there is a certain appeal in the status quo , 
and the official name could very well be voted in as 
Third College , a t least for a few more years until 

people get tired of the name, or lack of name again. 
But it proves at least that some Third College 
students have a sense of tradition. 

Then there is Angela Davis College, which is 
strange, because Armin Rappaport, who as the 
planner probably did much more for it than she did, 
has not been suggested, even with the advantage that 
he has passed away and she might always be visiting 
us. 

Perhaps the course least fraught with decision and 
difficulties is to give the other three colleges back 
their numbers, although not necessarily in the order 
they originally had. Each year we could rank them in 
accordance with their population , or the greatest 
number of honors students. Then, at least, there 
would be some competition among the colleges. Our 
permanent signs could be replaced by easily changed 
digital displays, scorecards, if you will , or even if you 
won't. 

In addition, we could abandon geographical 
nomenclature and number our campuses one through 
nine . Among the nation's universities , the University 
of California would of course be number one. In this 
age of technological illiteracy, we could at least give 
our students the advantage of being able to count. 
Third College is ahead of its time . 

Or the number could increase with every year the 
college is without a name, thus making it Fifteenth 
College. When we reach an advanced and 
respectable dotage, like Cambridge, Oxford or 
Harvard , we would not have to advertise it. 

But this is off the main purpose, which is inertia. 
It is inertia that has kept Third College a Cipher for 
a decade and a half, whatever the supposed 
connection of the number to the Third World or any 
other Threes. This article cannot advoca te any 
particular name, but then any name would be nice. 

ll~tUt~Ir~n®fcfc®Ir~n®fcfc®Ir~n®fcfc®!f~n®fcfr®Ir~ll®frtt®!f~n®frtt®!f~ n®tttt~!f~n~frfr®Ir~ll®tttt( 
tt®!f~lettersll~ttttce;!f~ll®frtt®Ir~ll®frfr®!f~ll®frfr®Ir~ll®frtt®!f~n®fr'fr®Ir~ll®tttt~!f~ll®ttfr®Ir~ 
Ir~ll®frfr®Ir~ll®frfr®Ir~n®frtt®Ir~n®frtt®Ir~ll®frtt®!f~n®frfr®Ir~ll®tttt®jJf~n®frfr®Ir~ll®ttfr~!f~n~ 
n®tttt~!f~ll~tttt®Ir~n®frtt®!f~ll®frtt®Ir~ll®tttt®Ir~ll®tttt®!f~n®ttfr®!f~ll~tttt®!f~n®ttfr®Ir~ll®tttt( 
Editor: 

"But won 't a new Unive rsity 
Cemer wcaken the four UCSD 
Colleges?"' IS a concern we hea r 
expressed by a vanety of 
stude ms, speaking with us In our 
roles as the Dea ns of UCSD's 
Undergraduate Colleges. 

Au contrQlrc. we see the 
proposed facility a~ 
strengthening each College , while 
at the same time offering 
marvelous opponunlty fo r the 
expansion of cam pus-wide 
services, eve nts and programs. 

The Colleges have neve r bee n 
at a loss for notions of 
innovati ve , enjoyable student 
ac tlVllles. They have always , 
however, been hampered by 
Inadequate recreational and 
extraCUrricular faCilities, and the 
proposed University Center 
Im presses us as the perfect 
antldotc to thts malad),. 
Conseque ntly, we see the new 
Center as a wonderful vehicle lor 
Im proving the quanllly and 
quality of College programming 
for all our students, while il l the 
same time proVid ing a long-
needed on- ampus home base , 
or hangout, lor the two-thi rds 01 
our tudents who commute to 
UC:'D. 

We are delighted to JOin cad1 

01 our ollege Councils In 
offering our enthusiastic 
endorsement of the proposed 
Center. We encourage all 
students ro pan iclpate In the 
referendum, and to give careful 
consideration to voting for the 
proposed Student Centrr fee 
assessment. DeCiding nor to vote 
at aU, we should remind you, will 
ha ve an effect similar to voting 
.. 0 ," so if you do suppon the 
proposal, you should be sure to 
make that known via the 
referendum. 

Ernie Mon, Dean 
Revelle College 

Chips Dreilinger, Dean 
Muir College 

Bev Varga, Dean 
Third College 

Harriet Marsh, Dean 
Warren College 

Editor: 
Vote "no' on the University 

Center Referendum . Why should 
we nock ro the commercialism 
assOCiated with other campuses 
like UClA or Berkeley? Having a 
fast -junk food place like 
McDonalds would do nothing to 
benefit our school., nor would a 
"specialized games" room. These 
things would not enhance the 
appearance of our school. Most 
of the facilities proposed are 
already available throughout the 
campus! The 5.3 mtlIion 
Mand evtlle Ce nter has a large 
auditorium along With many 
classrooms and work spaces. The 
eXisting Student Ce nter also 
proV id es meeting rooms and 
recreatIonal facilities. 
Quanernash, The Pub , MOM. 
Rathskellar and La Casa, to 

letters to the editor sho uld be typed (triple-spaced on a 
72-space line) and addressed to the Opinion Editor, UCSD 
Guardran. UCSD, B- 01 6, LaJolla , CA 92093. Letters mayalso 
be dropped o ff at o ur o ffi ces, located southeast of Revelle 
Plaza. In addttOn , the Guardian welcomes commentaries by 
students , fa culty and sta ff on any subject of general interest to 
UC D. Commentanes should be typed as above , preferably 
three to frve pages In length All submiSS ions rr:USt Include 
signature a nd tele pho ne number. 

mention a few, already dot our 
campus and provide students a 
place to congregate. 

It would be much wtser to 
spend money on the renovation 
of existing facilities rather than 
building a new student center. 
Let's keep UCSD as beautiful as 
it is now and Vote against the 
proposed Student Center next 
week! 

Editor: 

Milt Zweig 
Tony Sanzone 

Recently whde taking 
advantage of my well-eamed free 
time, the fatigue in my legs 
prompted me to recline upon the 
cool serenity of the plaCid green 
grass. However, ro my horror! my 
trousers were defiled from the 
Water that had accumulated 
overnight. I have yet to remove 
the mess from my trouse rs. I am 
angry! There ought ro be a law! 
Is it not pOSS ible to appropriate 
funds for proper seanng 
arrangements? II we can put a 
man on the moon, and have 
Tang instant break last dnnk, I 
believe we can Sit under God's 
great heavt:ns \vithout s tllng our 
trousers! (Excu e my language, 
ladl es, hut I ,1m indeed angry.) 

pin",' IW'I III l"lgc: .5 

Editor 
Tlln August 

Managing Editor 
Phil Lauder 

Copy Editor 
Joe Desideno 

Opinion Editor 
james Ralph Papp 

News Editor 
Lisa Lapin 

Contributing News Editors 
Steven R. Friedman 

Sean Wagstaff 
Phil Willon 

Arts Editor 
Andrew Keeler 

Associate Ans Editor 
John Nee 

Sports Editor 
Jeff Savage 

Features Editor 
Chrisropher Canole 

Photo Editor 
Rich Pecjak 

General Manager 
Chns Milke 

Associate General Managers 
Linda Lewis 

Vdlerie McMullin 

Photographers 
Rob Fnedenthal 
Mark johnson 

Illustrators 
john Ashlee 
teve Kloepfer 

Typesetters 
joe Desiderio 
Anggie Lapid 
Phil Lauder 

Andy Laurence 

Production 
Paul Farwell 

Rob Fnedenrhal 
Lizz Fuller 
Kelley Neal 

Karla Spencer 

Staff Writers 
Lance Bernard, Ethan Feerst, 

DaVid Flemmger, Roben Geyer, 
Jackie Gladfelter, Kim Haddad , 

Christina Kaus, Se rgio Klier, 
Roben Leone. Michael Panos, 

Julie Richter, Dena Rosen , haron 
Sogomian, Yen Taylor. 

T he UCSD Guardian IS 
publi s hed Mondays and 
Thursdays during the academtc 
year by students at UCSD. Views 
expressed in the Guardian do not 
represent the views of the Regents 
of the University of California or 
the Associated Students of UCSD. 
All un -initialled editorials 
represent the views of the entire 
editorial board of the Guardian; 
Initialled editorials represent 
minority opinions of the editorial 
board . ReproduCllon , publication, 
or any use without permission of 
any portIOn of thiS newspaper 

, without prior notification tS strictly 
prohiolted. 

The Guardian welcomes signed 
letters and commentary as outlined 
In the Opinion seLlIon; howeve r, 
we are not resl)onsible lor 
unsolici ted manuscript s or an. 

Our off ICC is located southeast 01 
the Revelle Provost Ornce next 
door to th e Che Cafe on the UCSD 
(Jmpus I he BUSiness Offic~ IS 
open lrom I) am to noon and I pm 
to 5 pm Monday through Fnd.l),. 

'ubsc npuons Jrc .lVailJble .lntl 
will be malletl lirst class lor ' 15 per 
qu.mcr. 

The UCSD Guardian 
UCSD, B-016 

Ui Jolla . alifomia 9209) 
(6 19 ) 452-3466 

May 17. 1984 5 
OPINION 

. ... .,;,-,~, . ~~,:-; ... ' " »,,' :>:," ., ~ • ..~, " "" N ~. "', ••• 

ll~frfr®1f~llCE;fctt~1f~n®tttt®1f~n<efrfrce1f~llcefrtt<e1f~llcefr~ 
tt®1f~lettersll®frfrce1f~ll®tttt®1f~ll®frfr®1f~ll®frfrce1f! 
1f~ll®fctt®1f~ll®tttt®1f~ll®frfr~1f~ll®ttttce1f~ll®frfr®1f~ll~ 
llcefrtt®1f~ ll®fctt®1f~n®tttt®1f~n®frfr®1f~n®tttt®1f~n<eili1 
<UII I III ud jro /ll ptI~t' 4 
I propose that benches, preferably blue 
(my favorite color), be placed under the 
trees for welcome shade. Only then will 
1 be satisfied , and until then, the UC 
Regents can fu lly expect my wrath! 

Editor: 

Since~ly, 
Nmro Ennui 

The discussion about AS Council 
stIpends has come to a frant ic peak. I'm 
very happy that it has. In spri ng quarter 
of 1 Q83, when stipends were a 
referendum issue, I decided how I felt 
about the issue when I read the 
question at the polls, voting against 
sti pends. I wish this debate could have 
occurred then , because I would have 
voted differently. I would have voted for 
stipends. 

The arguments for stipends are quite 
convincing. Stipends would open 
student government to those who work, 
who cannot afford to put in the full-time 
dedication needed to be a member of 
Council. 

Stipends will finally provide the stick 
that will keep those elected [0 council 
working for the student body. An 
evaluation board consisting of interested 
students will strengthen the check on 
the Council. The student body will have 
the opportunity to keep the Council 
accountable. 

Some arguments advanced against 
stipends have been that the Council 
shouldn't give "themselves" stipends and 
that the money will just come out of 
someone else's budget. Well, anyone 
familiar with AS finances knows that we 
have enough money to give Council 
these incentives, that no one's budget 
will be cut for stipends. Our budget is 
such that the current Council allocates 
funds for the period of its own term of 
office. This is exactly what the student 
body endorsed when the AS was 
created, and this is what the student 
body entrusted the current Council the 
power to do. 

The debate which took place during 
, the election was imponant. The sides 
were cleady drawn and in the head-tO-
head matchups , those in favor of 
stipends won . This vote of the students 
was just the beginning of the debate. 
The input of all students is needed and 
this council will be looking forward to 
hearing from you. 

Editor: 

Sincerely, 
Michael S. Goodheim 

AS Financ~1 Controller 

1 would like to begin by saying what a 
fine, fine publication the Guardian is, 
and that it is staffed by wonderful, 

caring people . I would like to go on 
record as saying that [ am one hundred 
percent behind it in every way. 

I am, however, somewhat 
dumbfounded by the process of 
application for editorsh ip at the 
Guardian. [ read the rules and am 
confused on a number of points , to wit: 

I. If I don't have a typewriter, can I 
still be an edttor? [t says that aU 
applications must be typewritten. Do I 
have to have a cenain typewriter? [f 1 
use a Smith Corona, will [ be considered 
over someone who used a Selectric? 

2. What is considered "qualified"? 
Must I have worked on a major 
metropolitan daily, or is the fact that I 
am breathing enough? 

3. It says thaI I must be responsible , 
organized, mature and reliable. If 
needed, I can get my mother to send in 
a leller or get a Signed affidavit to insure 
that I am such a person. ActuaUy, how 
many people have all of the above 
attributes (other than the fine staffers at 
the Guardian , of course)? If I am 
extremely reliable but only slightly 
organized, can the attribute cover for my 
failings? Am I applying for Editor or 
Pope? Does it matte.t if I am a virgin? 
What about my sexual preference? 

4. It says that a person can be an 
elector to vote for editors. It also says 
that such people must submit a letter of 
intent. Would it be wrong to submit a 
lener of intent stating that I want to vote 
because I read the thing?' What are the 
qualifications? If they are the same as 
for being an editor, shouldn't I II)' to be 
an editor instead? Do my looks count, 
or the way 1 dress? I have lots of money, 
if that matters. 

5. It says that I can make up my own 
position. I would like to submit myself 
for the position of making up the front 
page. I can get designs from all over the 
campus, from copy cameras (see last 
issue) to Q-Bert machines. I can do it. I 
swear. I'm responsible - I've never had 
an overdue library book. 

6. Can I apply for business manager? 
I hear talk that such a position might be 
opening up soon. 

That's about all I have to say. I hope 
that you'll get back to me soon on th is , 
but I promise I won't caU you guys. I'm 
slJre you're aU very busy pUlling the 
paper together and thinking up house 
ads and making sure that no letters get 
primed under the wrong names or 
anything. By the way, my name is 
Michael Ahn . That's M-I-C-H-A-E-L A-H-
N. I can be found in the book. The 
telephone book, that is. 

Take care and God bless you all , 
especially the responsible, organized , 
mature and reliable editorial stafr. 

Mike Abn 

Asian/Pac111c, Black, Hispanic, Native 
American and Women Sophomore and 

Junior Students: 
Would you like to work with a taculty member in 

your Social Sciences. Humanities major department. 
establish a mentor relationship. and perform 
research? It so. why not attend our intormational 
meeting and tind out more about the Faculty Mentor 
Program? 

The meeting is scheduled tor Thursday. May 24, 
1984 at 4:00 pm in the Student Center Building "B". 
Lower Level Conference Room. Please join us, 

Retreshments will be selVed. 
For more in1ormation call Heidi Crowley 

at extension 6708, 

Nursery rhymes for the AS 
Sing a song of stipends 
(Although we'd rather bawl it). 
Quite a lot of money 
Stuffed into their wallets. 
When the thing's suggested 
See how quick it passes: 
Oh wasn't that a tempting bill 
To set before those AS's! 

Bunting displayed for the depanure of cenain of the AS 
Bye , AS members, 
Activists, dissemblers. 
Delude yourselves to think that your 
Work's worth paying money for. 

This is based on a Victorian poem (addressed to an eloquent baby) of such 
surpassingly nauseating qualities that the name of the original poet is withheld 
to protect the guilty. 

Where did you come from , stipend dear? 
That doesn't matter: Now I'm here. 
Why did they get thetr stipend true? 
They voted me in when they felt blue. 
How did the student body get rooked? 
It was accomplished while nobody looked. 
How did they run a convincing campaign? 
When 1 came up, they did abstain . 
How did they VOle you in after that? 
At the end of the race, no one smelled a rat. 
Those who passed it, tell me which are . 
Look for some a little richer. 
Why did your parents run amok? 
Bit by a vicious bird called "lame duck." 
Where is this poor bird's lameness contained? 
The condition is commonly called "lame-brained." 
What can we do to try and reverse? 
These geese aren't affec ted by prose or verse. 
These stipends, then, we cannot quell? 
You haven't an ice cube's chance in heU. 
How did they get in to work their wiles? 
Nice , straight teeth and crooked smiles. 
And there's no way to stage a rout? 
They're in like Flynn or already out. 
And it won't haunt them the rest of their days? 
They won't put it on their resumes. 

Cr--g, Cr--g, the Piper's Son 
Took a Stipend and away he Run. 
Before he could be Made to Pay 
He was over the Lea and Far Away. 

, 

The UCSD Day Care Center 
w1ll hold a fundra1s1ng 

* HAIR-A-THON * 
Monday, May 21 

Wednesday, May 23 
10:00 - 3:00 pm 

in front of the gym steps 
Haircuts to be given by area 

professionals 
Cost $5 

Ind1v1dual Stylists and Salons 



6 May 17, 198~ 
OPINION 

< < .k .. ~ »: ":-.x ..... . ~ "'o' ... "" ........... ~. , ..... '-: •• ~ :-.~~,": .. .... • .. ... ~ ..... ,~ '.. • ~.:-;._ .-:;, • • ." A.., ....... ,..: 

CommentarY- The Rankin File 

Is justice left 
for the right? 

Politicians with and 
without the bucks 

By E, ClASEN YOUNG 
Eduor's note: The questron offioldrngfor 

all altt'matlvc media for "ext year \\fIll soon 
be tallen up by the A5 CounCil Last year's 
controversy OYe,' The California ReView 
Will also be tallen up, if thiS year's A~ 
campaign IS an indlcatiorr . E. Clasen Young 
IS ImperatOr at the ReView 

During the lhird year of Great 
Brrtatn's experien e 111 the econd 
World War, George Orwell - the self-
styled soclalrst - admomshed London's 
Intellectual community: 

Do remember tl1at dishonesty and 
cowardice a/ways have (0 be pard for 
Don '( Imagrne that for years on end you 
ca n malic your eij (he boot-lrcllrng 
propagarrdist for the 50VIC( Rcglmc, or 
any other regime, and (l1en suddenly 
rerum to mental deccnC) . Once Q whore, 
always a whore. 

urpnsmgly enough, OrweU carne Out a 
victor tn the war of Ideas 

In thiS season of the California RCVIL'W, 
tt IS appropnate to hare a few thoughts 
on thiS umverslty's "Intellectual" 
community and the double standard of 
pluralism The strength of the umversity 
vis-a-vIs the nation sterns from the 
eXistence and continuance of a plurality 
of Ideas; its free-flow of rnnovauve 
theory and polemiC are ItS hfeblood. 

Tocqueville views the plurality of Ideas 
as invaluable, for "the fewer the 
opposing points of View, the greater 
men experience a loss of individuality; 
they let themselves glide with the stream 
of the crowd because they find it hard 
to niamtam alone an opinion held by 
the rest." 

The California Revlcw has earned 
much respect for ItS un ique way of 
amculating the opposrng points of view 
Bill Buckley tells us it IS "lively, literate 
and fun to read ." WashlllglOn columnist 
George Will says that "not slllce Aristotle 
put hiS pen down has there been such 
consistently penetratmg writing." 

The Rcvlew encourages students to 
add to the pool of Ideas by offering 
their Views - as controversial as they 
may be .- and give an hltherto non-
existent context to debate on campus. 
Understandably, student opimon on the 
ReView vanes But, JI least, It makes 
them thlllk. Hence, the ReView performs 
ItS purpose as a thrnkplece. 

But California ReView came to fruition 
at a Silly univerSity. The loudest 
reactions have been expressions of the 
lew McCarthyism, With all ItS 

confUSion , frustration and hostllrty. The 
ReView IS blasted as "racist" for 

plLasr ( II m I () p"g~ 10 

By THOMAS RANKIN 
The Reverend j esse j ackson spoke to 

a packed house a t the San Diego 
Community Concourse Monday but 
ended up on a sour nOte. jackson, 
whose accounts hover JUSt below the 
level needed fo r Federal matching 
funds, closed his speech by imploring 
the audience to line up in the center 
aisle if they could pledge $200. As 
disenchanted listeners began filing out 
the back door, jackson staned a new 
line for pledges of $10. Shortly afte r 
that , the exodus began en masse. 

Murmurs of dissent were silenced 
with a "shhh ... shhh ... shhh" from the 
civil rights leader as "ushers" began 
passing popcorn buckets as collection 
plates, most of which remained largely 
unfilled . Jackson's prospects in the 
California primary look fairly strong, 
with widespread suppOrt (although he 
barely lost out to Walter Mondale for a 
full-fledged endorsement) from the 
Mexican-American Political ASSOCiation 
(MAPA). Without the matching funds he 
so desperately needs,jackson could be 
at a distinct disadvantage going into the 
Democratic National Convention in San 
Francisco. 

* * * 

Mayor Roger Hedgecock's sleazy 
financial dealings with j erry Dominelh 

and Nancy Hoover have become the 
focus of challenger Dick Carl son's 
campaign for the upcoming election. 
Hedgecock's first full -scale response to 
the charges, in the form of a letter of 
"apology" to area supporters, is only the 
fi rst round in what promises to be a 
highly amusing campaign. 

Carlson's own career has to date not 
been in the political arena, but it is 
fascinating nonetheless. Carlson is an 
old-line journali st spawned from the 
"gonzo" generation ("but no drugs") of 
journalists who hung out in San 
Francisco in the '60s. It was Carlson 
who wrote the Loollmagazine article 
that implicated lhen-San Francis 0 
Mayor joseph AliOto as a member of the 
Mafia. 

More recently, Carlson pulled a coup 
of immense proport ions when his video 
camera caught an olT-guard Mike 
Wallace (of CBS's 60 Minutes) telling a 
racist joke during a hiatus in an 
interview for the show. 

Carlson, a millionare who married an 
heiress of millions, is approaching the 
election with an unusual amount of 
gusto. The Los Angeles Times recently 
quoted him as saying, during a 
discussion on New York mayor Ed 
Koch , "I'm gomg to be mayor for four 

p1cus( IU rn W pagr 10 

UNIVERSITY CENTER REFERENDUM 
MAY 21-25 

No fee increase until groundbreaking (12 ". 18 months)! 
The Student Center Board 

& 
The University Center Planning Committee 

request your support! 

PLEASE VOTE! 
Don't take your university center for granted!! 

20% of the Student Population Must Vote! 
PollingPlaces:~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 

Revelle Plaza Gym Steps Middle of Muir 
Peterson Hall Cashier's Office Pool 

10:00 am ". 4:00 pm Monday thru Thursday: 
-----------------------

Biomed Library 
Monday & Tuesday: 10:00 am ". 4:00 pm 

This is your opportunity to enhance the 
quality of student' life at UCSD 

TOGETHER WE CAN MAKE A DIFFERENCE! 

•. 
~:':' 

Third College: 
didn't make the official list. Fewer than 100 people 
showed up for the assembly, but more than enough 
emotion was present. Some students voiced their 
displeasure that the final ballots had already been 
mailed out before there was a chance for them to 
diSCUSS possible alternatives. There were also 
complaints that many Third College stude nts, bOth on 
and off campus, never received an origmal naming 
baUot and never knew that a renaming was even takrng 
place. 

To rename or not to rename 
By PHIL WILLON 
"What 's in a name? That which we call a rose by any other 
na me would smell as sIVeet." 

Shakespeare has obviously not been to Third College 
lately. For the fou rth time mover J 2 yea rs, the 
students on that northern campus are again trying to 
find an o ff,WI I name. 

The presenr title of "Thi rd" has been temporary 
stnce the college originated in J 972 and stands for 
nothing more than that campus being the third one 
built. Now the studenrs have decided they want a 
certified name, somethtng to give them an "air of 
permanence," as one person put It. The top three 
suggestions made by students thus far include Unity 
College, Ktng College (for Martin Luther King, jr.) and 
the original temporary name, Third College. 

"It's not so much changing the name as it IS trying 
to get an official name," said Harnet Happel , 
chairperson of the Third College CouncIl's 
subcommittee that is handling the renamrng. 

At the beginning of the year, the Third College 
Council listed the naming of Its campus as top 
prrori ty. To make Third students aware of thiS 
important issue, the Council sent out a senes of 
newsleHers explamtng Third's hl~tOry, current goals 
,md philosophies, and a ballot givi ng them an 
opportu ni ty to suggest pOSSible names. There was also 
a general assembly held last Tuesday to discuss the 
three student choices and to bnng up other 
possibilities. Voting for the final name will begin this 
week when Third students receive their ba llots in the 
mail. 

The Third College provost, Faustina Solis, along with 
the full council (students and faculty) will take into 
consideration the students' choice along with that of 
the Third College faculty and staff and then make a 
recommendation to Chancellor Richard Atkinson's 
University Naming Committee. The committee in turn 
advises the chancellor, and if he suppOrtS the 
proposed name it goes to the UC Regents for final 
approval. There is a slim chance that a new name 
could be arrived at by next fall . 

Some of the Other suggestions h -ought up by 
students and faculty, and which a e still eligible as 
write-ins on the final ballot, are F~ ;derick Douglas, Dr. 
Charles Drew, King-Kennedy, Unite'd, Third World , 
Gandhi, Eleanor Roosevelt and Tercer Mundo. 

Fainr traces of Third's past surfaced when a few 
students suggested the names Angela Davis and 
Lumumba-Zapata . Davis' name was disqualified 
because of the University poiicy of only using the 
names of deceased individuals when naming a college 
after a person. 

It was in 1969 that activist Angela Davis, along with 
the Black Student Council and the Mexican YOllth 
Association , had the dream of creating a college for the 
community, later to be known as Third. It was to 
provide students, regardless of color, the ability to 
analyze and address the contemporary social issues of 
the time. The name Lumumba-Zapata stood for 
celebrated African and Mexican leaders that could 
represent the fight for racial freedom Third would be 
built around . The controverSial name was never 
adopted, and the original intentions of the college 
have a ll since faded away. 

"The means to achieve change have changed ," 
commented Happel when comparing rhe tranquil 
student mood of today to the heated past. "It's not so 
much a switch as a maturity process .. 

The last attempt IJy Third College to get a 
permanent name was III 1979. Lumumba-Zapata was a 
contender, but was killied by the tudent CounCil and 
lhen Third College Provost Joe Watson , who called the 
name "inappropriate ." 

That renamrng campa ign five years ago is very 
similar in some regards to the present one. The 
stude nts' tOp twO choices wcre "Third" an "King," 
neither of which ever made It to the Regents. Also 
Similar to '79 is the lack of student participation rn the 
suggestion process. Back then . only 103 students OUI of 
1,660 vOted on the ballot; in thiS >'ear's campaign, a 

little over 100 students out of 2,300 bothered to vote. 
The three names that will appear on the final ba llot 
onl y received a combined total of 66 vOtes. 

About the pOSSibility of there being a poor turnout of 
Third College voters for voti ng on the final name, 
Provost Solis said, "If I feel there IS not adequate 
representation , I would not recommend a name I to the 
Chancellor]." In that case, the drive to get an official 
name would end. 

"!t's almost as if not voting is a vote for keeping 
things the way they are ," commented John Stewart, 
chairman of the University Naming Committee. 

Edward Lee, chairman of the Third College Council , 
feels that it is important for his campus to get an 
official name. "I hope students are aware of what's 
coming up ," he said, and added that a good name will 
give his school "more stability" and a "clari fication of 
our goals." Lee also commented that the whole 
renaming process is revi talizi ng the college's past 
commitment "for all races to corne together and work 
together." 

Last Tuesday night there was an open diSCUSSion 
held on the names already favored (Third, King and 
Unity) as well as comments made on those name thar 

Happ~l assured thal all those off-campus students 
with current addresses at the Reglslrar's Officc were 
mailed ballots, as were all Third students living on 
campus. When asked why some students claimed they 
never received anything, Happel replied , "We don't 
know what happened . We can't personally take i.l to 
2.300 stLldents." 

For the actual naming of the college, there was a split 
on whether the school should be named after an 
indiVidual of a concept. 

I amtng the college after Martrn Luther KlIlg. Jr .. 
Simply caUrng It King College, as the first pOSSibility 
discusses ja>' Richard , a Third College RA spoke rn 
favor of the name: "Martin Luther KlIlg really does 
kind of embody what I personally feel the college 
stands for in terms of unity, the working together of all 
mces, our three-hand symbol. .. the activeness of all 
people." Many other students felt the same wa)', saytng 
the name had high credibility and an obVIOUS 
representation of what Third 's philosophies are. 

Some students were apprehensive about naming 
their college after a man who fought pnmanly for 
blacks. One student said , "The other ethnic groups on 
this campus might feci left OUt as far as their struggles 
heing represented." Also pOinted out was the hmitation 
of one individual standing for everything Third does; 
students said thiS could never be done , no matter 
whom the person was. 

Although the name "Third College" has nothtng but 
a numerical meaning, over the >'ears, people began to 
connect l[ with the Third World . Many students want 
to keep the name because it's so familiar. In an earlier 
effort to name the cam pus, "Third" was chosen by the 
students but then rejected by the naming committee for 
reasons that were explained by Professor Edward 
Reynolds: "The name was rejected because some 
people fel t that in a few years ' time there would be 
people who had a be tter notion of whal the college 
represented," and that the temporaty name of "Third" 
was used because "it was a name that people could not 
identify with , a name without any dignity." 

Peter Kim was one of the leaders of Third College 
that thought up and pushed for the name "Unity." "We 
wa nted to have an adjective that described what Third 
College meant .. .. It 's a word that represents what we 
stand for," said Kim. 

The name was not as popular with the crowd on 
hand . "U nity I assoCiate With religion, and that would 
JUSl turn people off," one outspoken student charged. 
Others felt it was tOO vague and bland. 

As for other suggestions, Dr. Philip Raphael, lhe 
clinical psychologist for Third College, made a strong 
convincing argument for Frederick Douglas. He read a 
moving quote from Douglas that seemed to have made 
a few students in the room change their minds on the 
name they wanted for the campus. 

Other top suggestions were for King-Kennedy and 
Dr. Charles Drew. Drew was the Black doctor who 
developed plasma aild who later bled to death because 
he was not allowed in a hospital that didn't help 
blacks. 

Third College students should be receiving their 
ballots shortly, and If they do not, they are encouraged 
to pick one up al the dean's office . Happel warned 
that if there IS a small turnout of voters all may be 10 t: 
"If it does nOt go over lhls time . It never will ." 

SOFT CONTAO LENSES •il~· C,\UFORi\IA SCHOOL OF .f{~ PROITSSIONAI PSYCHOLOGY 
In 
most cases 

INCLUDES: 
Contact lenses, examination, 
patient training, follow up, 
chemical care kit and fi t ting. 
EXTENDED WEAl LENSES I 
ONLY $165.00 

THE CLASSICAL EYE I 
DR. ROBERT HELLER OPTOMETRIST I 

La Jolla Village Square 
( InSide the Mall; Lower Leveli 

8657 Villa La Jolla Drrve • SUite 136 
45~·7374 

Hydrocurve extended weal lenses available 

BI""III) • 110 .,\,() • 1 ()'-t .\ \'(,1 II '-t. S\' DIH.O 

CSpp - LOS ANGELES 
is nolV accepting applications for 

Organizational Psychology Ph.D. Program 
• Preparation for ca reers in business and induslry in posilions thai 

improve organizalional effectiveness and employee quality of work life 
• Hands-on experience in paid organizalional field placements in service 

organizalions, induslrial settings, and governmenl 
• Advanced Iraining in personnel assessment , psychologicallhcory, and 

performance lIlanagcmelll 

Faculty are highly qualified a nd e~perienced in the field 
Pari -time and extended degree tudy options available 

for illformation and all application cOli/act: 
cspp Central Admbsionl> 

2152 Union Street • San Francbco, A 94123 
800/457-5261 or 415 /346-4507 



8 May 17, 1984 
NEWS 

• '~.Y' M, > ~~. .::. : • • '..,. • ,o;,.x, .' :-- X,«' 

Guardian Elections 
Guard ian Elections 

The following positions will be open to all UCSD students . Any qualified 
persons are encouraged to apply, 

IN ADDITION TO OTHER DunES, THESE POSITlONS ENTAIL: 
EDITOR-IN-CHIEF: Responsible for the overall opera-

tion, content and format of The UCSD 
Guardian. Chooses (upon approval) the '84-
'85 Executive Staff and approves hiring of staff 
writers. photographers, illustrators and 
contributing editors. Presides over Executive 
and Editorial bOards and conducts all 
meetings. Represents the newspaper on 
campus and in the community. 

MANAGING EDITOR: Responsible for the efficient pro-
duction of the newspaper. Estab lishes and 
enforces all deadlines. Supervises layouts to 
ensure they conform to standards of format. 
Establishes and maintains intemship and 
group study programs. Assumes the duties of 
the Editor-in-Chief in his/her absence. 

COPY EDITOR: Responsible for editing for grammar. 
punctuation, content, and style all articles 
submitted fo r publication. Also responsible for 
insuring no li belous and/or tasteless material 
reaches publication. 

NEWS EDITOR: Determines areas of coverage and in-
sures adequate coverage of newsworthy 
events at UCSD. Must develop a full writing 
staff and maintain a file of published stories. 

OPINION EDITOR: Responsible for the page devoted to 
the free expression of ideas. Must be able to 
accommodate all political/religious/moral 
persuasions. Must maintain a file of published 
stories. 

SPORTS EDITOR: Responsible for covering sports on 
camp us and when appropriate. the 
community. Must develop ow n writing staff 
and maintain a file of published stories. 

ARTS EDITOR: Responsible for covering the arts on 
campus and when appropr iate. the 
community. Must develop own writing staff 
and maintain a file of published stories. 

FEATURES EDITOR: Responsible for articles of human/ 
general Interest that are not appropriate for 
news, sports, opinion or arts section. Must 
develop own writing staff and maintain a file 
of published stories. 

PHOTO EDITOR: ResponSible for developing a compe-
tent staff of photographers and organizing an 
efficient system for assigning and processing of 
photographS. Must maintain an organized fi le 
of p ub lished photographs. 

OTHER: Applican ts are welcome to create the ir own pos-
itions provided that they would be 
appropriate to the needs of the '84-'85 staff a s 
deemed by the new Editor-in-Chief. 

AU APPLICANTS MUST BE RESPONSIBLE, ORGANIZED, 
MATURE AND REUABLE. ALL EDITORIAL POSIT10NS ARE 

PAID. 

All applicants should submit THEIR OWN TYPED applications which 
should include a caver letter describing yourself, your related experience. 
the amount of time you are willing to commit to The Guardian. and an idea 
of what you would like to accomplish or see the newspaper accomplish 
while you are a staff member. Also include a resume and any references you 
may have. 

DO NOT CALL THE GUARDIAN OFFICE FOR ADDITIONAL 
INFORMAnON. 

APPLICA nONS FOR EDITOR-IN-CHIEFARE DUE BYNOON MONDA Y. 
MAY 21. NO LATE APPLICATIONS WILL BE ACCEPTED. Applicants for 
Editor-in Chief must sIgn up for an inteNiew the week of May 21 through 
May 25 when they drop off their application. 

APPLICA nONS FOR ALL OTHER EDITORIAL POSITIONS ARE DUE 
NOON TUESDAY, MAY 29. NO LATE APPLICATIONS WILL BE ACCEPTED. 
Applicants for editorial positions must be available for inteNiews the week 
of May 29 through June I. 

Editor-in-Chief elections will take place all day Wednesday. May 30. Any 
persons interested in being electors must submit a letter of intent by noon. 
Thursday, May 17. A list of approved electors will be posted Monday. May 
21. 

Staff approval of the '84-'85 staff Will take place at the Executive Board 
meeting Friday. June I. 

PLEASE DEUVER ALL APPUCATIONS AND LETTERS OF 
INTENT IN PERSON TO THE GUARDIAN BUSINESS OFFICE. 

Explosive mechanics 
authority, lecturer 

Dr Che-Min Cheng, president of the 
Inslltute of Mechanics of the Chmese 
Academy of -clence In Peking and one 
of the world 's leading authonues on 
explosive mechanics, Will serve as a 
Regents Lecturer at UCSD nex t week. 

Cheng. whose friends call hlln Jimm} 
will deliver a se ries of technical lectures 
and one public lecture dunng his stay. 
The technical lectures a re all scheduled 
for 4 pm in Room 7104 of Urey Hall or 
the Reve lle College campus. The 
scheduled lectures are: Monday, t\tay 2l 
- "Mechanics of High Speed 
Deforma tion"; Tuesday, May 22 - "Gas 
Bursts in Coal Mines"; Tuesday, May 29 
- "Stability Problems AsSOCiated Wllh 
High Speed Deformation"; and Monday, 

June .. - "Application of on-Local 
Theory of Continuum Mechanics to 
Fracture" 

The public lec!llre is scheduled for 8 
pm Tuesday, May 29 in the Garren 
Auditorium in the BaSIC Science 
BUilding at the chool of Medlcme. 
Cheng Will talk on "Openmg of Ch ina's 
West and the Use of Explosion 
Mechanics " 

Che ng, born in Jinan, China, 
graduated from Tsinhua University In 
Peking in 1947. He came to the United 
)tates one year later to study at the 
California Institute of Technology and , 
while at Caltech , worked on eanhquake 
engineering. After geuing his PhD in 
1952, Cheng worked on problems of 
vibrations induced by now in pipelines. 
He helped to solve the problem of 
vibration in the pumps of the Grand 
Coulee Dam on the Columbia River m 
Washington and made extensive 
contribut ions to the problems of 
designi ng structures to resist shocks. 

After his return to Chma In 1955, 
Cheng taught at Ts inhua University 
before Jointng the Institute of 
Mathematics and , later, the Ins!l!ute of 
Mechani s of the Chinese Academy of 
Science. the highest research mS!l!utlon 
in Chma. Unlike the American 
Academy, the Chinese Academy of 
Science does in-house research and 

operates liS own university and graduate 
st hool. 

Accordmg to Dr. Y. C. Fung, professor 
of app lied mechaniCS and engmeering 
sc:icnces al UCSD , hcng has ben 
instrumental in developing the science 
of mate rials subjected to very rapid 
loading - for example, what occurs 
when a meteorite h its the earth . 

' Under very rapid loading. matenals 
do not behave as they normally do," 
Fl.!I1g sa id . "For example, steel may flo\ 
li~e a fluid or rocks may become ductile. 
Understandtng thiS behavior and 
krwwi ng how to co ntrol the process has 
lI11pOrtant applications , especially for a 
COuntry with the size and population of 
China. It is easy to understand why 
cl(plos ive mechanics assumes an 
unusual importance in tht: fu ture 
development of Ch ina," he said. 

"Chma' one bi llion population is 
crowded tnto the ea tem half of the 
COUntry while the westem half. which IS 
mountainous, IS vlrtuall}, empty," Fung 
said . ''To develop the vast western half 
of the country, there Will be lot of work 
budding roads, railways. airpOrtS, 
channels, tunnels, dams and lakes; 
dearing the hills , forests and deserts; 
building the needed structures and 
developing the needed industry. To do 
thi s," he said , "the technology of using 
high explOSives is recognized as 
cOlwenient, economical and speedy. It 
sUJ:lplies a form of mobile, concentrated 

en~ rgy to be used whe re it is needed. 
But you have to unde rstand the 
mechanics in detail in order to be able 
to use this energy effiCient ly and safely," 
he said . 

According to Fung, China has 
accomplisheu a great deal in the 
development of explosive mechanics. A 
reCent US televiSion program showed 

ho~, Chinese engineers were able to 
destroy and remove a large hotel only a 
few yards from another building which 
was occupied and how they could 
100 en and remove a huge rock near a 
ralltoad track Without interruption of the 
rail traffic. 

Graduate grants 
competition opens 

The Ul1Itcd tates In formation Agency 
and Inslllute of International Educanon 
today announced that the offICial 
opening of the 1985-86 compemion for 
grants for gradua te study or research 
abroad m academiC fields and for 
professlOnallraInmg In Ihe creative and 
performing JrtS is scheduled for May I , 
1984 It IS expected that approximately 
700 awards to over 50 countries will be 
available for the 1985-86 academiC yea r 

The purpose 01 these grants is to 
Increase mutual understandmg between 
the people of the Uni ted Sta tes and 
other countries through the exchange of 
persons , knowledge and skills. They are 
proVided under the terms of the Mutual 
Educa(lonal and ultu ral Exchange Act 
of 1961 (Fulbnght-Hays Act) and by 
foreign governments, universities, 
orporati ons and private donors 

Applicants must be U citizens at the 

lim'! of applicalion, w ho WIll generally 
hold a bachelor's degree or its 
eqUivalent before the beginning date of 
the grant and. In most cases. Will be 
proficient in the language of the host 
country. Except for certa in speci fic 
awards, candidates may not hold the 
PhD at the time of application. 
Candidates for 1985-86 are ineligible for 
a gram to a country if they have been 
doing graduate work o r conducting 
research in that country for six months 
or more during the academic year 1984-
85 . 

Application forms and further 
Informallon for stude nts currently 
enrolled at U SD may be blained from 
the Fulbright Program Adviser Rosalec 
Kltaen, loca ted in the Office of Graduate 
Studies, 103 AC The deadline for filing 
applications on thiS campus is October 
8, 1984. 

Past and Present News Writers 
If you plan to continue writing next year, submit your summer 

address to Lisa so you can be contacted by next year's news ediwr. 
You are also encouraged to apply for '84-'85 ed iting pOSitions, and 
to submit a letter of intent for this year's voting. 

Ideological, aggressive, conservative and r.roud three to two. "It's just that so far, the political Left has been much more vocal 
than the right. " Shirck says that's 
because "UCSD is loaded with 'closet 
Republicans,'" 

UCSD's 70 College Republicans Regardless of which side has gained the most attention, the campus still seems to be plagued by a general 
political apathy that is clearly renected 
in the low voter turnout. 

By GRACE NIELSEN 
They are political ac tivists. Students 

meeting on co llege and university 
campuses across the country , organizing 
their efforts to make an impacl on our 
poli tical system and speaking out on 
co ntroversial issues such as nuclear 
freeze proposals , US intervention in 
Central America and government 
spending. Do n't stan imagining long-
haired stude nts in faded jeans and 
sandals - the new campus radicals are 
conservatives. 

They are the College Republicans. 
125,000 of the m on over 1100 campuses 
nationwide. "We're ideological , well-
trained , aggressive , conservative and 
proud of iI ," says the group's national 
chairman Jack Abramoff, a 24-year-old 
law student at Gerogetown Un iversi ty. 

The CR's newly styled activism has 
spread to San Diego too, with nedgling 
clubs to both UCSD and SDSU. There 
were no College Republican 
organizations in San Diego County until 
the UCSD CR club earned its charter 
laSt October. 

"Our organ ization has two main 
goals," said Lauri Shirck, preSident of 
UCSD's CR's. "First, to educate the 
students and professors on the 
conservative sides of the issues and 
second, to get Republicans elected to all 
levels of public office." 

Shirck, a political science major, 
worked as an intem for Congressman 
Brian Perry of Ventura who convinced 

her to sta rt a CR group at UCSD when 
she transferred. Shirck arrived at UCSD 
in September of 1983, a nd she quickly 
made comact with other Republican 
students. They got together and wrote 10 
the College Republican National 
Committee for materials to get started . 

"In November, we sel up a 
memberShip table on the campus plaza. 
We held a meeting that night and 45 
people showed up," said Shirck. Since 
then, the membership roster has grown 
to over 70. The voting membership 
includes students and employees of 
UCSD. with non-voting associa ted 
memberships for others. 

However. getting established at UCSD 
has not been easy fo r the CR's. Whi le 
they are recognized by the Associated 
Stud ent Council as a student 
organ ization, they are not eligible for AS 
fu nding (as other organizations are) 
because of their political nature. 

Instead, the group relies on 
membership dues ($4 per academic year 
fo r voting members and $10 for 
associate members), donations and 
fundraising activities such as a bake 
sales and selling "pachyd enn 
parap hernalia ." Until recently, they were 
also denied office space in the student 
center because of their partisanship. 

Shirck and other CR members see 
their problems with the AS as a result of 
a campus bias against conservatives. 
The CR's and a conservative student 

PRESIDENT'S 
UNDERGRADUATE 

FELLOWSHIP 
The President's Undergraduate Fellowship Program 

Competition for 198+-85 Is now open, This program Is 
designed to assist exceptionally talented undergraduate 
students to carry out special studies and/or projects under 
faculty supervision during term time and/or vacation, Such 
projects may Include research and/or other creative 
actMtIes. 

A stipend is awarded for each winning project and is 
scaled to established need as reflected In the cost of the 
project. 

Applications are available In your College Student Financial 
Services otrlce In the Administrative Complex. 

The deadline for submission of all required documents will 
be MIJy 25, 1984. 

DAVID JAY GAMBEE 
FELLOWSHIP 

The David Jay Gambee Fellowship Competition for 1984-85 
Is now open. David Jay Gambee was a Revelle student who 
was killed in a tramc accident just prior to the 1978-79 
academic year. A fellowship fund has been set up in his 
memory to assist undergraduate students to carry out special 
studies and projects In Student Government and/or 
ecological values clarltlcatlon. 

Such studies and projects may include research and/or 
other creative activities. The program requirements are the 
same as for the President's Undergraduate Fellowship 
Program Competition. 

Applications are available In your college Student Financial 
Services Offtce in the Administrative Complex. 

The deadline for submission of all required documents will 
be May 25, 1984. 

paper called the California ReView are 
both d enied funding and school 
resources while liberal al temalive media 
have access to both. 
According to club members , a big pan of 

the College Republicans' appeal IS that It 
IS the only conservallve organization on 
campus and II proVides an alternative to 
campus liberalism. As an entenng 
freshman at UC D, Member hlp 
Chai rman Bruce Williams says the firsl 
thtng he noticed was "that this school is 
so liberal." 

Another member, history major Peter 
Renovitz says, "In every class I felt I was 
being spoon-fed hberalldeas." All of the 
members expressed a frustration that 
speakers, newspapers and events 
representing the political Left receive 
the most attennon and funding at 
UCSD. Renovltz beheves the CR's a e 
"helping to balance things out at UCSD." 

Until he came across the College 
Republicans , John Stalker ( the club's 
secretary) says, "I was beginning to 
wonder if I was the only conservative at 
this school." The other members echoed 
that sentiment, usually adding that they 
are relieved to have found other 
students who share the Republican 
viewpoint . 

While they may be the only 
conse rvative student group at UCSD, 
Shirck claims the registe red Republicans 
are the majority on campus 
outnumbenng the registered democrats 

"The thing that really bothers me," 
bristled Shirck, "IS that the precinct that 
encompasses UCSD has the lowest 
turnout of the county. Less than three 
percent of the registered voters voted in 
the last election." That is something the 
CR's are aimi ng to change. 

One of the group's func tions, 
according to David Wolf, CR vice 
preSident and campaign chairman , IS to 
"provide a pool of volunteers for 
registration drives and to walk 
precincts ." For every Republican I[ 
registers, the club earns one dollar from 
the sta te party's central committee. Adds 
Shirck, "When we walk preCincts and 
get voters to the polls , it's of extreme 
value to the party." 

In the upcoming presidential elec tion, 
the College Republican organization 
nationwide will be spearheadmg the 
"Youth for Reagan" campaign. "This is 
such an important year for Ronald 
Reagan and the Republican Party," said 
Shirck, "and we're going to do the most 
we can do to get Reagan and 
Republicans elected: 

If the group organizes well for the 
presidential campaign, it could 
pmentially innuence some votes in favor 
o f Republican candidates. In the 1980 
preSidential election, the Massachusetts 
College Republican Union is credited 
wi th winning that state for Reagan. They 
registered and tumed out nearly 16.000 
voters for Reagan, making him the first 
Repub lican presidential candidate since 
Eisenhower to carry Massachusetts. 

pka:ot: I urn to puge 12 

HOW DOES AMfRiCA DO IT? 
HOW DOES THE RfST Of THt: WORlD 

DO IT?? 
(WHAT DO THEY DO?) 

JOIN US IN fiNDING OUT I" 
Tllf 

llYTfCiRIITfD 
SOCIAL SClflYCf SfQUfIYCf 

SOcIal Science lOA·B-C is an integrated sequence in Social 
Science that satlsftes the Revelle Social 
Science and additional Social Science 
requirement as well as the Muir Social 
Science requirement. 

While each course In the sequence stands on Its own. each also builds on the 
previous course(s), The sequence moves outwards from an Initial focus In the 
first quarter to comparisons between countries In the second quarter and to 
the problems of culture In the third, As social beings. how are we alike and 
how are we different? What are the sources and consequences of our 
similarities and dissimilarities? 

fall 1984 - lOA: R. P1adsen 
Tumclay-lbunclay l1:lO-ll:~O pm 
USB 1611 
Special attention Is paid to theories which seek to account for the 
unequal distribution of wealth. status and power In America, 
WInter 19M - lOB: r. Gourmtdl 
This course focuses on the evolving patterns of liberty. equality, 
authority and policy making In societies such as the United 
Kingdom, france, Germany. Japan. India and the Soviet Union. The 
emphasis is compantlve and seeks to understand the development 
of different responses to similar political. social and economic 
problems. 
Spring 19M • lOC: R. O'Aadrade 
This course examines cultunl universals and cultural differences In 
the modern world and Includes case stUdies of cultunl differences 
between modern peoples and a review of the concept of "national 
character." 



10 Mal' 17. 198" 
OPINION 

, .~:-;.~ ~-',:, ••• >. ..~.~:;::::;t".' . .. . -. "l«' • ..:. ~. .' ~ .... •• • -.. "(." " ....... .;x; , 

Is there any money left? 
UHHlPllILd Jl'IJm /Xlg. 6 
examining welfare and penury, and 
"sexist" for o ffending h o mosexua ls . The 
inflammatol)' press accuses it of 
inflammatio n . The First Amendment IS 
put into the pejorative . 

DUring thc spring o f 1983, the 
student-run R eVIL1" applIed for a small 
piece of the student-supported 
"alternative media" budget to pamaH}' 
defray costs , with the presuppositio n 
tha t other Income is to be found in 
ad vertising revenue. Seven Ot her 
publications applied for full funding. 
(One political Joumal has received a 
fi ve-figure Income from UCSD fo r over a 
decade.) 

The California ReView proposal fo r 
4 .800 was shghtly ame nded. then fully 

approved b}' th e three committees 
exe rCIsing power In the deliberations. 
But the moment after the 12-5 A::, vote 
for approval . three members of the 
dissenting contingent walked out of the 
meet ing m protest. The following day, 
several students Circulated pemions 
while , II1credlbly, proclaimi ng that the 
RCI'Iew "supports rape," with the 
ostensible Intent of obtai ning enough 
signatures for a student referendum and 
a special election to overturn the AS 
deCision . 

It is worth noting wha t James 
Madison said abo ut the ryranny of the 
mmorit}r Th e Jewer the dlS[\nct partles and 
Interests, the more Jrequently Will a majority 
Ix: Jound oj the same parly; and the smaller 
the number oj indiViduals co mposlllg a 

I 
i 
L 

Warren College 
mencement com dition5 

-

... 

r, 
H 

I--

l-
II 

I--

speaker Au --
. Seniors -

Graduanng , 5 eaker at the ;-h SenlOf P 
auditions for t e ement Ceremony r 

Warren cornmenc d May 24th. 
. b held Thurs ay, 

wlll e 
1 

-
. n up for 

details and Slg 
Pick up 'eS at the 

audition urn ,s office 
College Dean t-

Warren 12 noon on 
no later than d (Bldg. 302 W.C.) 
d May23r 26171. =- Wednes ay, , matlon call 45 - -

--.. For more Infor .. -

maJonty, th.: more eaSily will they concen 
al1d exet utc th eir plans (~ opprcs iOI1. 

Under the given ci rcumstance<;. the 
pemioners acqui red the need ed 
signatures. And on the fi nal tWO days of 
classes in the quarter, a special elec tion 
was conducted . The obstructionists were 
victOriOUS. 75 1-435. And the plu rality 
uffered a serious defeat. 

At this time we can only rid icule 

me ntal indecency and await a nother 
round of AS do ings. while beari ng in 
mind that it was th is plu rali ty that was 
designed to protect us from, as Madison 
so eloquently put it, "the combined 
motives of others to invade our rights." 
To lose Sight of this plurali ty is to lose 
the strength of the uni versity and the 
st reng:h of the free society. Think on 
these things. 

Politics and money 
lIJHIIIWc·tI JIOIII P(/g~ 6 
years and then wri te a book about it." 
Why not eight years? 

• • • 

One can tell a great deal about an 
organization by the equi pment it uses, 
and Channel 39 appears to be at the 
top of the heap of local stations in 
terms of road-gOing news tools. Spotted 
in the press parking area at a recent 
Pad res game (their sixth loss in a row) 
was a dun-colored lmpala Police Pursuit 
Special shod with fat BFG T / A Radials . 
All the bener to ge t that late-breaking 
stol)', no doubt. 

• • • 

Speaker of the House Tip O'Neill 
co ntinues to throw his considerable 
weight a round , even in the face of a 
parliamentary rebuke. After the big man 
characterized Rep. Newt Gingrich (R-
Georgia) as behaving like "the lowest 

thing mat I have ever seen in my 32 
years in the House: Republican whip 
Trent Lott asked the House 
Parliamentarian to "take down" O'Neill 's 
statement and judge whether or not it 
violated House rules prohibiting 
personal attacks on the fl oor. The 
parliamentarian. Rep. Joe Moakley (0 -
Mass.), came down on Lott 's side and 
censured O'Neill , a surprising move in 
light of the fact that Moakley is O'Neill 's 
closest ally in the House . 

Loti quelled the fi res of d isse nt by 
moving that House rules be abridged 
a nd O'Neill be allowed to continue 
speaking at will ( the ruling normally 
silences the offender for the remainder 
of the day) . 

Lott argued with dissenters and notecl 
that "our po int has been made." Very 
sporting of him not to "drive it home ," 
as O'Neill would have made a ve ry large. 
easy ta rget. 

QUALITY MOTORING 
ACCESSORIES 

REAR WINDOW 
LOUVRES 

~\ CAR COVERS 

EUROPEAN LIGHTING 
HEAVY Dun 

SHOCKS 
STEERING WHEELS · BOOKS · EXHAUST S,(STEMS 

PERFORMANCE IVORLD 
MJRAMAR-7 l 60 M iramar Rood 

578-7011-next to McDonald's 
SAN DIEG0-3550 University Ave. 

284-110903 blocks east ot 805 
Special Discount tor Students, Staff. and Faculty at UCSD. 

- With This Ad -
Expires May 31,1984 

NEW COURSE IN ECONOMICS -

Econ.5A HONORS 
ECONOMICS 

A high level introduction to Economics for 
those with 8 good c81culus background. The 
limited class size will encourage discussion of 
both key concepts and national economic 
policy issues. Math 20 or above is required. 
Stop by the Economics Department at 210 
TeSS for more details. 

II ~~ 
Volume 10 Number 14 Spring Quarter 

iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii---iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiij 

May 19 

~2am 
Sheraton 
Harbor 
laland 

Spotlight On: 
Ann Middleton 
and her interpreter Julie Randolph 

When Ann Middleton stepped off a plane in Chicago in 1981, the person who was 
supposed to meet her there walked right by her . He was looking for for someone with a 
cane or some other sign of a handicap. 

Ann 's handicap doesn't ShOWi she is completely deaf. It doesn't seem to get in her 
way muc h either. Deaf since the age of ten from spinal meningitis, Ann will graduate 
from R~velle this June with a degree in Biology and in the fa ll will begin UC Davis 
veterinary school.Through the aid of interpreters Ann has managed to make it through 
two diffic ult years at a school which loses 55% of its students, many of who m fi nd th .. 
school too difficult. 

Ann started school at Cal State Northridge, a fter graduating from Torrey Pines High 
School, where she was an ho nor student. CSU N has a stro ng program for the deaf, and 
Ann learned sign language there. Ann came back to San Diego , however, because of 
U CSD's stronger biology program, and beca use, she says, "I did n 't feel comfortable 

I-----------------i with the deaf community. I could hear for 10 years, and I can speak, so I still feel like I'm Commuter part o f the 'hearing world '." 
Column Ann is the second oldest of five child ren. Her brother Mark graduated in 198 1 from the US Nava l Academy with ho nors. Her siste r Susan and b rother Scott, twins, will 

Summer Session at the Missio n Bay graduate fro m UC Santa Barbara next year. Her youngest brother , Drew, will be a 
Aquatic Center is.statting May 19. UCSD senior a t T orrey Pines High School ne xt year. It was her m other who encouraged her 
students are -etigible, with ~udent ID, to interest in veterinary medicine when she was a junior in high school. She had always 

participa~ jn classes rahging from shown an interest in animals, raising pigs, sheep and steers in 4-H for the Del Mar 
Windsurfing .to ~uba. diving,\both basic ExpOSition, and holding a part-time job during high sch'ool when she returned to San 
and adwn _ ilj' you are Diego at Academy Animal Hospital. At Davis she hopes to explore the various aspects 

required~o gra ut:tt fro~ a co , rse. before of veterinary medicine. 

Almost 
Anything Goes 

"Discovery" to 
in Tug-Of-War 

The AAG's were a smashi ng success o nce 
again as Atlant is stormed to a I t place 
finish with 85 po ints, Beagle placed 2nd 
place with 82.5 points and Meteor placed 
3rd with 75 points. The program was the 
project oOeff O rlinsky, RA of Discovery, 
and Allan Pelletier, RA of Beagle - Beagle 
won the Banner contest (see picture 
above). Despite a storm the night before 
which drenched the competition field a 
good time was had by all who participated 
in the off-the-wall events such as the Pie-
Eating Contest. Save your pennies for a 

renting t~t P!ece il!4UJpme~, prices for Though Ann fears that her hearing loss may be a limiting factor, this may not be a 
the c1asses '~re--- rea~nable)the Aquatic problem much longer. She is soon to be the recipient of a cochlear implant. The 
Center is loe,ted off of Mission Blvd. at operation consists of an electronic device, carried in the pocket, which translates sound 
the end of sa~ ~I:a P~nt on Mission signals into electrical form i a receiver for those electrical signals implanted under the 
Bay. Booklets ith infon;nation about the skin behind and above the eari and a thin wire cable inserted surgically through the hrr===~~====;:==:::::n----11 
Aquatic Cente · . ·· .. "'ivailable around mastoid bone into the cochlea to transmit the electrical signals. Through this operation, DON'T FORGET 

rainy day, and the Tug-of-War. 

campus. So if you feel the urge to become Ann may gain up to 80% speech comprehension with the additional use oflip-reading. 
a water baby, give the Aquatic Center a Until Ann gets this operation, she will continue to hire interpreters this year. Julie TO VOTE ON 
try! began college at USD for business, but found it boring. She decided to learn sign THE STUDENT 

It--------------,----t language then, and took three semesters at Mesa and City College. Julie finds REFEREN Health Tips interpreting interesting and challenging work - particularly challenging since she 
developed tendonitis in both wrists and elbows. This results, she says, because 

by Datynn T. Proffitt interpreting is so stressful. It is particularly hard for her because Ann 's courses are so 
It's your body - check it out! Now's the advanced, and Julie is not familiar with the topics covered. She is forced to invent signs 
time to take some responsibility for your for many terms, such as "merosis", and "meitosis", and must often resort to finger 
health. What's your blood pressure? Do spelling. The tension created by thinking up signs and spelling out words, a process 
you really know how to care for your called transliteration, while trying to keep the pace of a lecture is very taxing on the 
skin? Do you have the " plain wrap" cold interpreter. 
or strep throat? Is your birth control Julie enjoys interpreting despite the difficulties, because she enjoys communicating, 
method best for you and your partner? and the visual aspect of sign language. She has learned a lot about science through Ann's 
The Student Health Advocates, who are classes, and she and Ann have become close friends. Julie is looking forward to 
trained volunteers, run the cold care, interpreting the Revelle commencement ceremony for Ann. 
blood pressure and skin care self-<are Ann has been relatively satisfied with UCSD, though she has met with indifference 
centers in Student Health Services from most, though not all, of her professors. Some profesSors, such as Dr. Bond, have 
building, first floor, from 9-12 and 1-3 been extra helpful. Dr. Sodkoff, a doctor of veterinary medicine and pathology, has t----------' 
Monday through Friday. Also, on acted as a mentor, supervising her work, allowing her co use his library, and prcviding VANDALISM 
Tuesday and Wednesday from 12-1 they her with references for Davis. S·k h R II 
lead a lecture/discussion on birth control Ann's biggest problem here has been finding interpreters. The deaf community at trl es t e eve e 
for both males and females on the second UCSD consists solely of Ann, a professor, and one other student. At Davis, however, Commuter Lounge 
floor of the building. Stop by and take there are more interpreters and a larger deaf community. Communication with other 
advantage of these free services and students has been a problem also, because most students assume that Ann is mute also On Monday, M;YS,-r;o of th'e couch 
valuable information. (actually her speech is very clear) and aren't aware that she can read lips, so they assume cushions were stolen from the lounge and 

..... ---- ------------j that she can't communicate with them, nor they with her . destroyed . These cushions were part of 
Announcing ••. 

Revelle College 
Theatre Night 

((Dream 
Play" 

Thursday 
May 18 

Tickets available at the 
Provost's Office Today 

Though Ann must devote much of her time to her studies, she also finds time to jog, the new couches which were bought for 
swim, and do aerobics at Family Fitness Center, where she watches other people to keep the lounge at a cost of $6,000. This 
up with the routines. money comes out of your fees. There is a 

It is hard to imagine the difficulties Ann has faced attending a University where $25 reward for any information on this 
everyone else can hear - it is probably not unlike attending a school where you don't vandalism. 
speak the language - yet she has distinguished herself academically in one of the most It is unfortunate that one or two people 
demanding programs at a challenging university. In her own words, "No matter what would destroy what is enjoyed by 
happens, I won't give up", and at the rate she's go ing, it doesn 'tlook like she'll have to. 

~-AROUND THE PLAZA-..... 
Thursday, May 17 - TheatTe Night, 

uDream Play". Mandell Weiss Center. 
Saturday, May 19 - All .. Campus Semi .. 

Formal, Champagne Ball Room, 
HaTbor Island Sheraton 

May 21 .. 25 - Voting on Student Center 
Referendum. 

t--~--------~~----------~ 



HAIRCUTS $995 
Includes: 

• Shampoo 
• Conditioner 

only 

HAIR 
DESIGNS 

Also Featuring: 
Curls, Relaxers and Waves 

PERMS 

$2495 
Includes: 

• Shampoo 
• Conditioner 

only 

Using TCB Products With Specialists Willie or Ike 

OPEN 7 DAYS 
APPOINTMENT NOT NECESSARY 

UNIVERSITY TOWNE CENTRE - 455·0420 

SYNTRO CORPORAT!ON 
SYNTRO, a biotechnology com -
pany with a primary' focus on the 
use of recombinant DNA for agri-
cultural purposes, is expanding its 
activities. SYNTRO offers an ideal 
environmenf. for talented indivi-
duals to do c reative science and 
offers compt: titive salaries and 
fringe benefits. 
Excellent opportunities exist at all 
levels for : 

MOLECULAR BIOLOGISTS 
NUCLEIC ACID SEQUENCERS 
FERMENTATl9N MICROBIOLOGISTS 

Please send a resume and the names 
of references to: 

P~sonnd Director 
SYNTRO CORPORATION 
10655 Sorrento Valley Road 
San Diego, CA 921 2 i. 
A eQUAL OI'I'URTUNITY eMPLOYER 

RECRUITMENT DAY 
May 22 

Career PlanninK &. Placement 
1058 Humanities Libnry 

Final~ am almoot owr. .. 
~fl1fOOr i!: jud around 
thg eoroor. .. and a 
Citibank ~nt Loan 
for ooxt ~uroom-m: .. 

Citlbank is the nation's leading lender 
01 Guaranteed Student Loans. And il 
you quality. we'll make a loan to you. 
lt you're an undergraduate you can 
borrow as little as 5 100. or as much as 
52500 per year. II you're a graduate/ 
prolessional student you may be eli· 
gible lor up to S5000 annually, to a 
maximum S25.CXXJ 

You don't start making payments 
until six months atter you graduate or 
stop going to school less than hall· 
time. The interest rate is only 8,. lor 
Iirst time borrowers ' and you have 
up to ten years to pay it all back 

Full-time graduate students may 
also quality lor additional funds . up 
to 53000 per year under the Auxiliary 
Loans to Assist Students (ALAS) 
program. 

Just complete and mail the cou· 
pon below and we'll send you a Cltl· 
bank Guaranteed Student Loan Ap-
plication Kit. 

II you have any additional ques. 
tions call our Customer Service Rep-
resentatives toll tree at (BOO) 828· 
6103 between 9 :00 a .m. and 9:00 p .m. 
Eastern Time. 

r--
I Mail to: Citibank (NYS), NA I Student Loan Center 
I P.O . Box 22948 
I Rochester. NY. 14692 
I Yes, I am interested in receiving an Application Kit for a Cillbank 
I Guaranteed Student Loan. Please send me: I Check one or both: 0 A Guaranteed Student Loan Kit 
l O An ALf>.S Kit 
I I am a legal resident 01 ___ -=::::-________ _ 
I STATE 
I I NAME 
I ADDRESS I 
I CTlY 
I 
I STATE 
I =ZI~P-----------
I 
I 
I 

CIT/BAN(O 
~"'"" , 0 " ' ...... 1lI , •• ,.,. St ... , """ 

No.1 in Student Loans 

College 
Republicans 
lOlllllllleli 111'111 l"'ge Y 

The CR's take their politics seriously, 
and the UCSD club is even planning [0 
send some members to the Democratic 
co nvention this summe r. Wolf says they 
are going "in order to understand the 
Democrats' strategy and the kinds of 
people that are going for that strategy." 

Despite their outspoken commitment 
to Republican issues and the campaigns 
of Republican candidates, Wolf and 
Shirck say they don 't necessarily back 
the party or the President completely 
every time. In fac t, Shirck says she 
disagrees with the President's policy on 
social security . Overall though, both say 
that the Republican Pany represents 
their beliefs best. 

According to Wolf. UCSD's CR club 
members "represent the range of 
political thought within the Republican 
Pany, from very conservative to mlddle-
of-the-road." 

So what motivates today's college 
student into joining a conservative, 
political youth organization? Shirck is 
quick to bring up her fears about 
national security in light of the current 
state of world affairs. '" appreciate what 
this country gives to me. I love my 
freedom and' don't want communism," 
she says emphatically. 

David Wolf says he sees it "as an 
entry into politiCS." He says he is 
considering a career in either foreign 
relations or politics. "In terms of the 
CR's and the Republican Patty," Wolf 
says, "every time I've offered my 
services, new doors have opened , but 
I'm at the stage that' don't need to set 
goals yet." Wolf is currently interning at 
the office of Assemblywoman Sunny 
Mojonnier. 

Peter Renovitz , whose conserv. tive 
interests led him to the CR's says, ·Since 
becoming involved in CR's , the idea of a 
career in politiCS has become more 
interesting. I'd like to do that or become 

..a militaty officer. , know it's a cliche, 
but' want to do something to serve my 
country." Renovitz says he is not 
involved in Republican activities off-
campus but he would like to be. 

Another member,John Stalker, who is 
currently interning at Supervisor Pat 
Borman's office, says his original goal in 
joining the 'CR's was to meet with other 
people who had common interests 
because, "I've always been politically-
minded and interested in getting into 
politics." 

"It's imponant to Republicans to under-
stand the issues," Shirck said. "A lot 
of people are ideological Republicans, 
but how can they move other people if 
they don't understand the issues, know 
the Republican position and know how 
to defend it?" 

·Clearly, young people are the future 
of the patty and the pany is very 
interested in cultivating young people," 
says Wolf. Quick to dispel any thoughts 
of the CR's as a pany-controlled youth 
organization Wolf added, "T he Central 
Committee heirs us, but we're separate. 
We are here 0 our own devising." 

Not to be outdone by the Central 
Committee, the College Republican 
National Committee offers a campaign 
sc hool that teaches members campaign 
strategies, recruiting techniques, fund · 
raising methods and ways of dealing 

~~th the medilJ and liberal political 
groups. 

As for the rest of San Diego, Area 
Di rector Shirck is currently working on 
organizing CR clubs at Palomar and 
Grossmont colleges. "There is a strong 
conservalive o rganization at USD," says 
Shi rck, "but so far they don 't have a 
name ." 

So from the looks of things, it appears 
campus political activism is alive and 
well. But as College Republican National 
Chairman Abramoff says, "there's a 
revolution going on, all right, but it's not 
the conservatives who should be 
WOrried." 

./ 

,/ 

ennin E ee 
Hoax or Hope1 
By PETRA VAN NEUMANN 

The field of Vermin Engineering is horror of all present, 
hardly a new one, although Information revealed to be Von eumann himself, In 
Age technology is bringing about disguise . Von Neumann made a run for 
unprecedented progress in this area. it and escaped into the Austrian 
Recent advances in bioengineering and countrySide still clutching the hollow 
entomology have made this formerly~~~U apier-mache head. He was 
theoretical diSCipline practical. apprehended a week later when Ernst 

In ancient Babylon, King runck, a half·wit ploughboy, reported 
Nebuchadnezzar laid the foundations that a huge insect with a 35-foot 
for vermin engi'leers throughout history wingspan and sagging tights had 
when he established a locust ranch on appeared at his door asking, in a 
the palace grounds. The insects were strained falsetto , for a drink of water or 
cultivated for the sole purpose of maybe some schnapps. 
worshiping the wicked tyrant. But Von Neumann was forced to refund 
Nebuchadnezzar abandoned the project everyone's money and to return all gold 
in disgust when the insects proved and gems. He died in poveny and 
incapable of bowing down to him (as madness three days later. 
most insects have a solid , unjointed Tooay, mooem science has stripped 
midsection) or spelling his name. away the superstition and mystery that 

Unfruitful experiments with-spiders -, have traditionally surrounded 
and anchovies continued sporadically verminology, and the last ten years have 
throughout Eurasia until -the fall of seen incredible strides, making vermm 
Rome, when invading barbarians • . ' farms commonplace. Spiders that look 
rapaciously burned every last Insect to ~ . like eight-legged grapefruits, rats the size 
the ground . \ of fire hydrants and giant yellow slugs 

Vermin research began to pick up that will twist your lips off at the 
again around the Middle Ages, aided by slightest provocation are routinely bred 
the abundance of vermin during this in underground laboratories in New 
perioo. In 1256, however, nine-tenths of York and New Jersey. The Soviets 
all entomologists were wiped from the reponedly are developing a race of 
face of the earth by a routine plague. monster aphids that will snap mighty 
Worse, the now-homeless products of redwoods as if they (the redwoods) 
their experiments (usually mutant were toothpiCks, and aftetwards sit 
spiders) died by the hundreds on down to beat you at chess. 
rack, due to an inherent genetiC Here at UCSD, which ranks third in 
disposition to heresy. the nation in vermin research grants, 

100 projects are in progress right 
No real progress was made until at this moment. SIO houses a pair of 

Renaissance, when Da Vinci skf~rctled 
. repulsive mottled sea cucumbers that are 

design for an aerodynamically nonetheless entirely computer-literate _ 
107 ·Iegged race of insects with " 
wingspan ranging from 32 to 50 feet. . capable of breaking into your account, 

changing your password, and deleting 
Unfortunately, Da Vinci was burned as a all your files . On the first floor of Mayer 
heretic and the drawings sold for Hall dwells a tarantula capable of 
scratch paper. t I encircling your head with its powerful 

In 1740, Von Neumann began work , • .' legs and pulling it from its moorings. 
on a prototype based on Da Vinci's I ' 1 And in the basement of an unnamed 
ideas, and by 1744 he was touring the 'building here on campus, in a sealed 
great palaces of Europe, exhibiting his " lead box with six-inch thick sides, sits a 

, masterpiece of bioengineering to the . chilling testimonial to the terrifying 
jaded nobility. Thus, Von Neumann ~ potential for eVil inherent in vermin 
lived well for many years, enjoying the . ' \ engineering: an indestructible, horrid , 
finest accomodations and cuisine, in 
addition to a sizable honorarium. 100-pound pillbug with big sharp teeth 

that will disguise itself as your blind 
Von Neumann 'S"'good IOrtune did not date , monify you at the best restaurant 
Ia~His audiences began to grow In town by ordering a dish of mosquito 
suspicious when they realized that he larvae, then refuse to drive you home 
would never appear in the room at the unless you pay for the gas. 
same time as the gigantic insect. Examples such as this, however 
Moreover, when the insect was offered a sobering, should not deter those who 
meal of dead flies or putrefying garbage, would forge ahead in the field of vermin 
it would politely yet firmly decline, and engineering. With continued research 
in a strained falsetto ask for a large and lavish funding, Da Vinci's dream of 

iece of gold or perhaps some gems. On the perfect race of vermin is at hand . 
16, 1751 , the insect ill-advisedly Even now, the day is not far off when 

made improper advances toward the bug spray will be obsolete , and humans 
Countess Maria Anastasia Von will compete side-by-side with vermin 
Sturmblitzen, who promptly reciprocated on the football field , at the office and in 
by the insect's head off. To t.be beauty pageants all over the world 

13 



I) 

UCSD Social Column 

Semi-Nonnal Event \"'---"''':'-~-----~ 
By RONA HU 

The 1984 Semi-Formal is being billed 
as "The Gala Event of the Year." The 
Guardian, of course, has never had 
anythIng remotely resembling a socIety 
column , but I couldn't resist the 
prospect of dOIng one on something 
labeled "gala ." After extensIve and 
painstaking research (mostly conststlng 
of listening to the conversations around 
me during lecture) I am happ)' to 
announce the first, and probably last. 
UCSD social column. Here then , are 
tidbits and vital statistics on some of the 
most impreSSIve costumes planned by 
UCSD's finest: 

Carlotta Cast.anets will be wearing an 
Interpretation of the Spamsh Flamenco 
dress Imported from Spain, It features 
32 layers of petticoats. a neckline 
plunging to her navel. and enough silk 
to cover Warren campus. IncludIng 
Central LIbrary The dress is bnght red , 
WI th black Spanish lace trimming, and 
Carlotta will be carrying a two-foot 
feather-and-Iace fan to match Her 

cscOrt. Suavc Latino, will be weanng a 
toreador outfn with salin cape. They 
plan tlJ arrive at the heraLOn on 
hor eback 

Scarlea O'Shay prefer the "Southern 
Belle" look. Her peach-colored ball gown 
I~ a showsLOpper. hterally - with hoops 
17 feet 10 diameter. "They'd better not 
hun thiS though ," says carlet!. "T he 
hoops are made from the bones of fIve 
kInds of whales, all eXllnct." Rhett 
Butter, her date . Will transport her to the 
SemI-Formal on a natbed truck. 

Krisla Sleuben ha co me up With 
something original: her dress is made of 
spun glass. "I don 'l think It Will break." 
says Krista "jUSt as long as I don 't dance 
toO vIgorously." Just in case. her dllle for 
the event, Ma"well Edison , will wrap her 
in cotron and ship her LO the ballroom 
by parcel post. 

Vixen Spellbinder Will make her 
entran ce In a Frederick's of Hollywood 
special: a gown of 24 karat gold sequIns, 

purple ostrich feather shoes. and a 
noor-Iength mound of dead minks , sewn 
with their heads intact Vixen frowns on 
theam ·s such as thigh-high slits, 
however: her will come up to her 
armpits. She also plans to wear as much 
Jewelry as is humanly possible for the 
Big Event. Why? "Well, my gown wtll be 
strapless" explains Vixen "but if I'm 
wearing enough necklaces, no one will 
notice if the gown falls ." (Smart girl , that 
Vixen.) he will be escorted by Vinnie 
trada, who wHi be attired in a Lycra 

jumpsuIt embroidered to look like a 
tuxedo. 

Bubbles La Touche will attract her 
share of glances in her semiformal attire: 
stiletto heels , garter belt and fishnet 
stockIngs. Oh , and several ya rds of 
Saran wrap. For the benefit of the 
county vice squad, she will arrive In a 
plaIn brown wrapper. "I don't see what 
they~re worried about , though : she 

claIms "It's nothing that all the guys at 
Ihis school haven't see already." She has 
nOl yet lined up an escort for the event, 
but says. 'Til be waiting by m>' favoritc 
corncr. so by eight o'c1ock I should have 
my pick of dates." 

Finally. Melvin Elvin Knerd, a Revelle 
first-year junior, is noted here nOl for 
his planned semi-fonnal garb, but for 
his unusual way of insuring a dance 
partner. He has been experimentlllg for 
the past three weeks with recombinant 
D A in the stairwell of Urey Hall , 
hoping to create the perfect woman. His 
firsl try wound up devounng several 
chemistry lAs. and the second is now 
at large in the eucalyptus groves. but 
Melvin IS still hopeful. "The last one has 
entered the race for the Democratic 
nominee," he beams, -and this one is 
almost right . except for a tendency 10 
eat small furry animals ..... We Wish 
MelvlO the best of luc k. 

WE LEND STUDENTS 
A HELPING HAND. 

A lack of funds used to keep many promising 
students out of college. That's not the case 
anymore. 
Government-backed student loans now enable 
most kids to get the education they need. 
And Imperial Savings wants to help. 
We have the money to lend, and getting it is easy 
and convenient. 
To apply, just drop by any of our branch offices. 
We'll be happy to give you all the details, 
We want to help. Because a student loan is an 
investment in tomorrow. 

For fast information, just call our rmancial botline: 

l-000-CHEK-NOW 
(1-800-243-5669) 

HII)~~!t~ 
WJx->re Tommmw Begins Today '" 

sha tter into a thousand pieces. 

Developing cold feet 
I can see my beard growing into a 

miniature forest of ice stalagmites. The 
saltwater freezing III my eyes is forming 
into crystals , creating acid-like 
hallucinations of splinteri ng colors. Is 
the weight of my eyelashes causmg my 
eyes to close, or am I losing 
consciousness? on the path to enlightenment 

Mmm ... m ... m ... mm. Damn! My mouth 
'is frozen solid. no way to let Ishikle 
know if I am failing asleep or dying. Is 
Ishikle so dedicated to zen or his 
research that he would let me die , just 
to make a breakthrough? 

By CHRISTOPHER CANOlE 
Modem researchers label it cryozen. 

Its ancient name is spring-snow .. '\s a 
lab volunteer, I call it ass on ice. 

I allowed myself to become frosty the 
freshman because of an article I Tead in 
Tomorrow's Science about a new form of 
cryogenics being developed right here 
on our campus by Dr. Yokio Ishikle, 
known as much for his knowledge of 
zen as his experiments in low 
temperature biophysics. Ishikle bases his 
research on a legend about a zt:n monk 
who survived 37 days of isolation in a 
snowstorm by meditation , and gained 
enlightenment when awakened from his 
frozen death . 

I based my volunteering on a need to 
sleep off twO all -nighters. and the 
$9.501 hr. I can use to payoff the 
Haagen-Dazs bills I am accumulating as 
a follower of Atmabanana, a local gunt 
who claims the road to enlightenment is 
through ten thousand gallons of ice 
cream. 

I f this is the path to enlightenment I 
am beginning to develop cold feet -
ankles. thighs , hips .... 

Ishikle put me into a reclining 
position, so when my inner ear froze I 
would nOl fall due to lack of balance. 
That must explain why I see so many 
people wasting hours lying on the 
beach ; they're just thaWing Out their 
imbalanced nature. 

That was probably no zen monk in 

PROGRAMS 
WANTED 

Do you own a program 
with commercial value? We 
are looking for programs 
that can be converted to 
the ~6 bit Sanyo 
computers. Let our 
nationwide distribution 
channels bring you 
royalties. Please call Facts 
Online for an evaluation: 
(619) 483~5393. 

(;()MIIIIIIC7 
~ TTI2~{;TI()~i 

f' 
~~ 
4(j"l-~~CJ~ 
Introductory Special 

with thi5 ad only 

12 Haircuts _.~ for students 
with selected hairstylists 
n ,'gulariy S:.!:.! (women), $ I!J (men) 

Nails 
S,.,rI/illuulll/ai/s. /'t'J(. "/(), """' $25 
Fills. /'I 'g $:!(). IIml' $15 
,1/1I)/ il'l"I's. reg '7. 1111/1 ' $.5 
I'edi,.,,,·,,s, l'I'g $ IIi. 1/(//1 ' $12 
jllli"II,' !l'mp. /'i'J(. $14. /10/1' $12 

89.50 \ 'illo La j,,{fo 1),0. 
Suite 1122 

La Jolin. Ca, 920.'17 
Offer expires 512:11 84 

the legend . but rather just some dumb 
villager who fell into a snow bank. 
Ishikle claims he was inspired by snow 
for its low temperature and image of 
purity. 50 here I lay. packed in a four-
hundred-pound snow job. He claims the 
snow draws away my body heat slowly 

so I won't feel the cold. My fingers are 
beginning to doubt his theory. 

My breathing is slowing down. Like 
the times when I eat ice cream too fast, 
my throat is turning into a glacier which 
is slowly sliding deeper into my body. If 
my teeth start chanering. I'm sure ru 

Do what 
you do 
best. 

A chill is running up my spine, what 
a fool... that chill is my spine. 

How long have I got? How many 
brain cells are left? Will I know when 
it's over? Did I pay next quarter's fees 
for nothing? 

"Wake up!" 
"Ahhh!" I screamed at Ishikle . -You 

could have broken my face slapping me 
like that." I looked up to see Ishikle 
hanging down over me. "I'm alive?" 

"Sure you alive ." Ishikle said with a 
zen master's smile. - ow tell me what is 
sound of your death face cracking?" He 
roared with laughter at his combination 
of the two zen koans. the sound of one 
hand clapping and your origmal face 
before you were bom. 

Ishikle scooped me out of his ice 
bucket. I was in no mood for his humor 
or human experiments. 

Staggering to the door, I turned to 
give an artic answer to what I thought 
about his koan, when my beard hit the 
dOOljam, breaking off a frozen section . 

Watching the white hairflake's eternal 
fall, I braced myself for its impact. Like 
an exploding nova, the sta rdrops 
shattered into the dark hallway and my 
mind . 

Pointing to my former facial cover 
. melting on the ground I smiled to 

Ishikle and replied , "That." 

FLIGHT ATTENDANTS 
American Airlines is offering you the opportunity you han: been waiting for. To work with a 
company where excellence is the standard. 
Right now, American is accepting applil:atilln~ for Flight Attendant Training classes hegin-
ning this summer. Qualifications include: 
• availability: within the next three months for trainin~ 
• ,height: 5'2"-6'0"; weight: in proportion to hdght according (() AA standards. 
• vision: 20/50 minimum (each eye); t:orrectivt: lenses acceptable 
• age: 20 years minimum 
• U.S. Citizenship or valid Alien Registration card 
• High School Graduale or GED equivalent, 
• Fluency in second language desired 
If qualified and interested. please send a self-addressed stamped envt:lope for an application 
and Flighl Attendant Career information to: 

American Airlines, Inc. 
Flight Service Recruitment, Mail Drop 908 
P.O. Box 619410 
Dallas/Fort Worth Airport, TX 75261-9410 

TIlis is yuur opportunity to join u~ in doing what we do hest. 

• 

Equal Opportunity Employer 

* 



friday 18 may 
12:25-1:00 

Walk Away Your Weight. (Flagpole near 
Cashier) 

3:45-4:45 
Trimnastics Class. (V.A. Hospital) 

4:45-5:45 
TrimnaS;{S Class. (V.A. Hospital) 

8:00-5:00 FRIDAY Q SATURDAY 
President's Council on Physical Fitness & Sports 
Clinic (Main Gym) 

monday 21 may 
7:30-8:00 

Aqua Exercise tor Fun & Fitness. (Canyonview 
Pool) 

12:00-1:00 
How to Always Get Your Way. (V.A. Hospital) 

12:10-12:50 
Alcohol-Drug Abuse Education: The Padre Way. 
(BSB 2100) 

12:10-12:50 
Aerobic Conditioning. (Recreation Cont. Rm.) 

12:25-1:00 
Walk Away Your Weight. (Flagpole near 
Cashier) 

3:45-4:45 
Trimnastics Class. (V.A. Hospital) 

4:00-5:00 
How to Avoid Running Problems. (Student 
Hea Ith Services) 

4:00-?? 
Demonstration ot the Sport ot Fencing. (Main 
Gym) 

4:00-8:00 
Badminton Demonstration/Introductory Clinic. 
(Main Gym) 

4:45-5:45 
Trimnastics Class. (V.A. Hospital) 

6:00-7:00 
Aerobic Conditioning. (Recreation Gym) 

tuesday 22 may 
8:00-8:50 

Aerobic Conditioning. (Recreation Cont. Rm.) 
11 :oo-Noon 

Stress Management. (Warren Provost Cont. Rm.) 
11 :20-12:20 

Sports & Nutrition. (Garren Auditorium) 
12:00-1 :00 

A Healthy Eating Experience. (SPO Training Rm., 
501 A) 

12:00-1:00 
Recovering trom Eating Disorders. (Student 
Health Services) 

12:00-1:00 
The Healthy Look. (V.A. Hospital) 

12:10-12:50 
Aerobic Conditioning. (Recreation Conf. Rm.) 

12:25-1 :00 
Walk Away Your Weight. (Flagpole near 
Cashier) 

4:oo-?? 
A Vegetarian Approach to Your Diet. (Senate 
Cont. Rm., 215 Administrative Complex) 

Be a part ot S.D. County'. Health. FlfneII Week '141 

health 
& fitness 

week '84 
calendar 

wednesday 23 may 
10:00-?? 

Relaxation through Fantasy. (Student Health 
Services) 

11:30-1:30 
Blood Pressure Check. (Muir, Revelle, & Warren 
Commons) 

12:00-1:00 
Mini Fitness Profile. (Recreation Cont. Rm.) 

12:00-1:00 
Stress Management. (Administrative Complex, 
111 A) 

12:00-1:00 . 
Fitness is a Lifestyle. (V.A. Hospital) 

12:10-12:50 
Aerobic Conditioning. (Recreation Gym) 

12:10-?? 
Stress 5K Run. (John Jay Hopkins Dr., befween 
Central Library & Genesee Ave.) 

12:25-1:00 
Walk Away Your Weight. (Flagpole near 
Cashier) 

3:45-4:45 
Trimnastics Class. (V.A. Hospital) 

4:oo-?? 
Relaxation' through Fantasy. (Warren Provost 
Conf. Rm.) 

4:00-5:00 
Mini Fitness Profile. (Recreation Conf. Rm.) 

4:30-?? 
Run-through-the-Trees. Eucalyptus 5K. (Main 
Gym steps) 

4:45-5:45 
Trimnastics Class. (V.A. Hospital) 

6:00-7:00 
Aerobic Conditioning. (Recreation Gym) 

thursday 24 may 
8:00-8:50 

Aerobic Conditioning. (Recreation Cont. Rm.) 
12:00-12:30 

Ease into Aqua Exercises. (Canyonview Pool) 
12:00-1 :30 

Smoking in the Workplace. (Garren Auditorium) 
12:10-12:50 

Aerobic Conditioning. (Recreation Conf. Rm.) 
12:25-1:00 

Walk Away Your Weight. (Flagpole near 
Cashier) 

Celebrate with these activities at UCSOI 
Please check posters for details or call Dalynn Proffitt, 452-2419. 

Fitness is 

• lego 
See page 18. 

Rugby ends 
season - , 
looks ahead 

See page 21. 

Track lands -
a pair still in 
the air 

See page 21. 

Baseball 
breaks 
a bunch 

See page 19. 

May 17. 1984 17 

Tennis 
takes 
the Fifth 

See page 22. 



, r 

18 May1 7,198-f 
SPORTS 

. " ~ ~,,~ ~ . ..,.,." ~ -.' . " ~,. " .' ~.... ... ... '~~~" " ;-.... . .?:.... . -. . . .......... ... "X: .. 

Clinics, other activities next week 

Health and Fitness Week comes to UCSD 
By]OHN NEE 

If anythmg will be remembered of the 
70s, It will be the bIg fitnes boom that 
starred after people had gro\\TI med of 
discos , leisure SUitS and Peter Frampton. 
What has come of thIS movemcnt is big 
- bIgger than all of us. The entire 
nation IS moblhzed to become ht and 
health}' both for the old and the young. 

The fact that thIS year's ummer 
Olympics \I'm be held In thc US serves 
only to intensIfy thiS consclousne s. In 
keeping with the fervor that is rising 
with the OI}'mplC [Ides In Southern 
Cahforma, The PreSIdent's Counctl for 
Physical FItness wtll bring Health and 
Fitness Week to San DIego. Not only IS 
this event the largest pre-Ol),mplc event 
of itS kind, but it has been a decade 
smce Health and Fitness Week has 
come to Southern Cahfomia. 
Undoubtedly, the presence of the 
Ol)'mpi 5 in Los Angeles had J 
profoulld Innuence on the selection of 
San DIego as thl year's host cit)'. 

I! would be safe to venture that 111 
addition to the ObVlOUS health benefits 
Involved there are also less obVIOUS 
financIal benefits Involved In the health 
industry There IS tremendous growth 
potential in the health II1dustry - even 
for the smaller companies. AerobICS 
studiOS are springing up left and right. 
hoping to cash in excess nab for fame 
and fortune In this case . what IS good 
for American busi ness is good for 
Amenca. And everyone IS Jumping on 
the bandwagon. Most recently. Bally 
Manufacturing has Jomed the ranks of 
the healthy- minded. The most famous 
achIevement of Bally, however, was the 
Pac-Man arcade game. To put things in 
perspective, the fitness sector of Bally's 
operations has lasted seven times longer 
than the video game trend . People 
quickly grew bored with the Japanese 
game but the health and fitness craze 
will likely never pass. 

While thIS may not seem like It has a 
whole lot to do with Health and Fitness 
Week, it does. The fact that fitness 
organizanons such as Bally are posting 
profits hand over fist shows that there is 
enough mterest to warrant such an 
enterprise. However, in a nation of 200 
million people there should be much 
more concern. This is the function of 
Health and Fitness Week. 

clinic will focus on are the importance 
of parri cipation in spons and physical 
activities. stress management and 
nutrition awareness. 

During the week of May 18-24, The 
President 's Council For Physical Fitness 
will be in an Diego promot ing these 
important facets of Heal th and Fitness. 
In addition to Health and Fi tncss Week , 
there will be a two-day Celebrate Health 
Fair at the Plaza Bo nita Shopping 
Center. Parr icipating in the fa ir will be 
Southland hospi tals and physicians who 
will be giving free fi tness exams, blood-
pressure checks, foot, eye, hearing and 
dental exams. 

At UCSD, Health and Fitness Week 
will sponsor a wide vanety of events. 
Among the mo t prominent of these Will 
be the presence of representatives from 
the Los Angeles School of Gymnastics 
(lASG). The LA G has sent teams to 
major gymnastic compemions 
throughout the world . Recently, at the 
11th Annual RhythmiC Gymnastics 
Championships in Strousbourg, France , 
the lASG team had a very impressive 
performance but ult imately dId not land 
a team victory. Once agall1 , the Eastern 
Bloc showed its supremacy in an 
athletic arena. However. from this team 
two members will compete on the 1984 
US Olymp ic Team. Michelle Berube and 
Valerie l imrig both scored impressively 
in competition which led them to the 
coveted positions on the team. The Los 
Angeles School of Gymnastics RhythmiC 
Gymnasts will give an exhibition in the 
Gym Friday at 7 pm. There is no 
admission charge. 

Another high point on the program 
will be a Regional Physical Fitness 
Clinic by Dr. John Cates who is the 
chairman of this year's HFW. Accordi ng 
to Cates, the main goal of HFW is "to 
create an awareness of the importance 
of a 'healthy li festyle' and the desirability 
of 'total fitness .'" 

A few major pOintS that the week-long Hoola hoops are out but the Los Angeles School oj Gymnastics are in ... the UeSD gym Friday. 

In addition to the need to create 
awareness for health , it is fortunate that 
HFW will act as a precursor to the 
Olympics. With teams from the Eastern 
Bloc dropping from the Games, there is 
a general feeling that the OlympiCS wiU 
not be a legitimate competition. With 
the advent of HFW, perhaps there will 
be a stronger degree of support fo r the 
Olympics as well as fitness in general. 

BEAT THOSE HIGH 
UNIVERSITY COPY COSTS! 

• Binding • Passport • Stationery 
• Folding Photos . Typewriter 

8855 Villa La Jolla 
Drive 

457-3775 
Near Ralph's & 
~av-On Drugs 

Fast -
Quality 
Service 

Open 7 
Days 

$327 
$409 
$330 
$479 
$389 
$409 

Eurail Passes Issued on the Spot! 

Roundtrip 
From 

$583 
$778 
$549 
$699 
$758 
$778 

Call COUN CIL T RAVEL (CIEE) 
·1424 <...," "t 

""n ()"');" l A 42 1ll'l 452·0630 Ll "0 "t"denl \..<'"t,'r 1:1 021 I., 1,,11,1 , l A 'I20'/) 

----Sports Spots 

Baseba\\ 
The UCSD baseball team reached 
the c hampionship game this year, 
breaking numerous records in the 
process. Here are the fi nal statistics: 

PLAYER AB R H 2B 3B HR RBI AVE 
Derek Alkonis 204 2l 66* 12* 5* 5* 43* .324 
Tim Archer 71 8 16 3 0 0 7 .225 
Dave Becherer 7 7 2 0 0 0 0 .286 
Klaudio Biazevich 140 23 50* 7 1 2 26 .357 
Rob Case 6 0 1 0 0 0 0 .167 
Dennis Costa 118 29 32 2 0 2 21 .271 
Rick Davis 11 0 3 1 0 0 2 .273 
Dan DiMascio 146 29 34 9* 3 1 17 .233 
Rob Haswell 29 4 4 2 0 0 2 .138 
john Hickman 95 17 26* 5 1 3 19 .274 
Kevin lllingworth 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 .000 
Randy jones 13 16 2 0 0 0 3 .154 
Chris laRosa 17 8 2 0 1 0 3 .ll8 
jim Martin 62 19 24 3 2 1 11 .387 
Ted Mendoza 17 1 3 0 1 0 3 .176 
Bob Natal 210 41 * 69* 10* 3 11* 43* .329 
Don Petersen 194 49* 58* 6 4* 2 32* .299 
Mike Petersen 3 1 1 0 0 0 0 .333 
john Rosness 209 32 61* 9* 0 1 35* .292 
David Stanovich 194 31 60* 5 1 0 30* .309 
Chris Stavros 51 17 9 1 0 0 5 .176 
Joe Wolf 73 12 18 3 0 3 11 .247 
TOTALS 1871 365 541 78 22 31 313 .289 

.-

NOTE: (*) indicates old record bloken 

Freshman teve Saggiam earned UeSD to the Dist net championship with a 6·5 win (}\Icr Sec. 

MORE THAN A COMICS STORE!!! 
• Fantasy & role-playing games 
• Fantasy miniatures ' 
• Japanese models & toys 

The Comic Gallery 
4224 Balboa Ave., Son Diego, CA 92117 

(corner of Balboa & Clairemont Dr.) 
- Next to Food Basket -

(619) 483-4853 
COPYright c 1984 Marvel Comics Group. All rights raserved . 
S PIOER· MAN TO. and t 1984 MaNet ComICS Group 

BACKPACKING 
MY. SAN clACINTO 

Mav 26-28 
_ Transportation 

_ Tents _ Cooking Equipment 
- Breakla.t- Sunda" a NODda" 

.Supper- Saturday a SUDday 

$35 
NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY 

Sign up and details at x4OJ7 
Canyonvtew Administrative Offices 
Department of Phvsical Education 



flENEI\AL lITEI\A TUI\E Fall 1984 Huntridge Hairstyles Salon Prescription Center At Summerhouse Inn. La Jolla Shores 
Ut/ Gen 163 
Children's Literature 
Lee A MWF 10:00·10:50 HL 1205 ee4598 
Instructor: Jerome GTiswold 
An introduction to Children's Literature through reading and 
discussion of classics in various genres: fantasy (e.g., EB White's 
Charlotte's Web and Randall Jarrell 's The Animal Family); fairy tales 
(by Grimm, Perrault, and Hans Christian Andersen) and their 
interpretation (Bruno Berrleheim's The Uses of Enchantmenl); and the 
picture book (with an emphasis on Maurice Sendak and such works 
as Where the Wild Things Are). 
Lit/ Gen 164 
Fantasy and Science Fiction 
Lee A W 7:00·9:50 APM 2113 «2579 
Instructor: Stephen Potu 
ThIs course will explore the new territory , i.e., the "mindscapes and 
timescapes," opened up by recent trends in science fiction . The foc us 
will be on exemplary novels and films that appearL'CI between 1960 
and 1980, with particu lar arrention to writers who first came to 
prominence in that period. We will be reading novels by J.G. Ballard, 
John Brunner, Philip K. Dick, Ursula LeGuin, Joe Haldeman, Greg 
Benford, Samuel Delany, and Russion authors Arkady and Boris 
Strugatsky in the context of contemporary trends in science ficrion. 
In addirio n, we will view fi lms such as Kubrick's 2001 : A Space 
Odysse:J', Lucas's THX I1J8, and Scorr 's Bladerunner. 

The Literature Department Offers a Wide Range of Course 
A Course Description Handout is Aooilable a t TCHB 110. 

Lit/ Gen 170 Lee A Thursday 7:00·9:50 
HSS 1330 cc2580 Instructor: EnleSt LaTsen 
Contemporary Literature: Modem American 
Fiction & Film: Visions of the American Dream 
This course will chart the social and psychic depths of The American 
Dream in American fiction and film from the forties to the eighties, 
from Joso.!ph H. Lewis' Gun Craty, the deli riously passionate version 
of tho.! Bonnie and Clyde story, to this year's Puliaer Prize winning 
novelist William Kennedy's Legs, a corrosive examination of 
American life from the skewed perspective of the Prohibition 
gangster, Legs Diamond. Stops along the way will probably will 
probably in clude Nabokov's Lolita, Mailer 's An American Dream, as 
well as novels by C handler, Didion, Kerouac, and Hemingway. The 
problematic nature of Hollywood film adaptations of literary texts 
will be a central focus of the class, with Kubrick's Lolita as one 
arresting exampk In addition, the course will re-work this 
problematic by using films which arc not direct adaptations but 
which are thematically Illustrative of the primary concerns of late 

; ~~, l~ _ " " 
American .. fiction. lA A 

:-~~~~. :. ~.. --<l:.~ . 
. ~,~ __ t'\ 

' .j~ 
'/ 

:' 

WE'LL HELP 
YOU SAY IT 

WITH STYLE 
Our men's hair design expens 

will help you make a positive 
lashion statement with a dynamite 
cut and the right RK products to 
keep your hair looking terrific at 
home. And all in ;10 atmosphere 
that makes you feel comfortable and 
cared lor. Ca ll us today. 

RK from @REDKEN 
r-------------, I • Spedal Offer • I 
I by stylists I 
I James Kelly &. Pearl Rushing I 
: Shampoo . Haircut : 
I Conditioning I 

: $10.00 : 
I Co upon expires 6130/ 84 I 

~------------- .. 

Earn or more per week .. Outside sales, Work 
unsupervised. Los Angeles based. wholesale 

manlliacturer's rep is seeking five energetic, intelligent. 
aggressive. highly motivated people to call on retailers 

with a brand new line 01 tee shirts and sweat shirts, 
Summer position with possible tull-time opportunity for 

exceptional people, Automobile required, Call Ken 
Alper at (213l-'l.~5 or wrtte Marketing Associates/ 

P.O. Boz 55031 Sherman oaks, CA. 91403 

Choose from a wide selection of styles, each with a 
delicate diamond. 

J E w E L E R s 
The diamond people® ' 19/1'l ~., Je"deT>. III. 

La Jolla Village Square 
8657 Villa La Jolla Drive 

455 .. 9700 

• I4KPdc.-. ..... 
Stladlum Rings 

only $94.951 1f7 . 
A~ . ' Now's the time to think about ~. " your college ring NOllust any ring- a 14K Gold College Ring LAST SALE from ArtCarved The karat gold lewelry that's deSigned and hand· 

OF THE YEARI crafted for lasting value 
. And now an ArtCarved 14K Gold 

DATE May 21.25 College Ring IS more affordable than you 
think Choose from an entire collection ot 

TIME 9:00 • 3:00 

PLACE Bookstore 

IIRTQl~\!Q 

14K Gold ArtCarved College Rings and 
save $25 ThiS olter IS for a limited time 
only, so come In and see all the great 
ArtCarved styles wllh Ihe custom options 
that can lei you have the ring of your 
chOice. the way you want It 

So graduate In style Graduate to gold I 

Bowlus, Rothenberger Nationals bound 
By LANCE BERNARD 

The Triton track squad finished its 
season last Saturday at the NAJA District 
ChampionshIps in Santa Bamara, with 
several athletes seuing personal records 
and two stars bound for [he Nationals 
later this month . 

"It was an outstanding season for 
both the men and women," commented 

UCSD placed fifth at Sama Bamara, 
beating Cal Tech and Biola but lOSing to 
powerhouses Azusa Pacific and Cal 
Lutheran . The women concluded their 
season on May 5 at UC Irvine but sent 
freshman Erica Rothenberger to the 
Nationals in the 3000 meters. Molly 
Wheatley missed a Spot in that meet by 

Keith Cramer dodges a pebble after handing off to Parenthesis Deavers in the 400-meter relay. 
coac h Andy Skief on his team's success. 
"Numerous PRs were set , the total team 
showing was outstanding, and I hope in 
the future more UCSD people show up 
to panicipate." This season is thelaSI of 
its kind for the Tritons. with their 

. swi tch from the NAJA to NCAA 
competition effective next fall . There will 
be no district finals , and as a result, 
UCSD seasons will end rather ami-

. dimaclically. 

a mere 60 pOints, scoring 4240 in the 
heptathlon . 

Among UCSD's leading men , Chris 
Bowlus was the sole Na[ionals qualifier. 
having set a UCSD mark in the 1500 
meters. His time of 3:52.0 dipped 1.5 
seconds below the required standard . 
High jumper Alex Landon cleared 6'2" 
to take second place, and Pat Huott 
sped through the 800 in 1:54.4. his 

All our stores celebrate our new Old Town location 

GRAND OPENING SALE 

Don't pay too much tor sungla .... : We've got the lowest 
prices and best selection from $2.99 to $249.95 

\(uarMt • CaINlQ • 1Iayban. SIyIe tv-. SuncIouc:I. HDbIe. luccl • 10Ue. Cebe. Be .. etc. 

Old Town 
2461 Son DIego Aile. 

PtULpc E~(74. 
Open 7 ~ and NIghII 

La Jolla EncInIIaa 

(next 10 Old Town Meldcan Cafe) 
~ 

1030 Torrav PIMs Rd. 
(next 10 Yogurt A/IoIr) 

~ 

745 First 51. 
(Lumbelyord Shopping Cenler) 

~7 

MovIa for Sale or Rent 
Full line d VIdeo RccordIn, cameras, & Acceuorta 

Vlctco Gema for SeIe 01' Rent 

E ••• thole mid-term blua ... 
The lat Shows In Town are at 

DEO GALLERY 
450-1554 481-3104 

La joN. Del ,.,., 
100', of tItIa to chooM flam: 

Sudden Impact 
oe{f\{e ~ 

\If' Gumby ~ A itl.f 
Fanny & Alexander 

lent. VIdeo Recorda'for.,.. 
.... nlSM! .,.. .... 1IICMe with 

recorder ....... . 
• Ttvee tee movie rentals 9/YCn to new 
dubmemben 
• Mo .... Wed Club Members ~c two 
for the price of one 

personal best. Founh places went to 
Keith Cramer in the 400 meters (a 
personal best of 499) and the 400· 
meter relay team (45.63), while the 
l6oo·mcter relay foursome clocked 
3:21.19. Finishing sixth were: hurdler 
Joe Garon, In 15.7; pole vaulter Tom 
Kim , cleanng 13'0"; and Doug Doi . who 

earned a personal best of 9:41 .9 in the 
stel:plcchase . 

All In all . the Tmons' last year as a 
"small school" has concluded on a high 
note. with several excellent 
performances and two athletes bound 
for further succes at the National -
Championships. 

Ruggers end with rough pledge 
UCSD's rugby squad concluded its 

long season on May 5 with the Alumni 
Game, enjoying a less crucial match 
than many it had panicipated in over 
the spring. 

"My goal was to improve the team 
each week, and to grasp the 
fu ndamentals of rugby," said coach Tom 
Butler, reflecting on his team's 5·3 
league showing, and 14-13 overall 
record. "With the players ( had . I 
accomplished what ( wanted." 

The strongest players for the Tritons 
this season were top scorers Eddie 
Mardon , Greg Baker, Steve Fentress and 
Dave Walters, whose abil ity Butler 
credited for the year's success. Their 
toughest competition came from Cal-
Berkeley, Biola and Cal Poly-San Luis 
Obispo, whom they faced in dual 
matches. At the Santa Bamara 
T oumamem on April 21 , at which the 
Tritons finished with twO victories and 
three defeats , the squad tangled with .the 
likes of [he Humbold[ Rugby Club, San 
Jose State , the Harvard Old Boys and 
the Fossils. 

- Lance Bernard 

25C EYE EXAM 
This speCial Is available With the purchase of soft contact lensesl 

BAUSCH & LOMB 

Extended Wear 
Co tacts 

(: 
SOFT CONTACTS d~~:V~ear 895 

COMPLETE O,·T lenses 
NO 

EXTRA 
COSTS 

Dr. Steven Grossman Optometry HOURS: 
Eye G~\!.t'\ & Of'!oIgnf'f FrAn\t' \ N\D Av"'t.10fp 

243 No. Hwy 101 (THE BOARDWALK) SUile 8 

" 

BOTH 
PACKAGES 
INCLUDE 

v' Eye Exam 
v' Fitting 
v' Follow·Up Visils 
v" Care· Kit 
,, " we 're nOllhe loweSl , 
leI us know who IS !" 

481·2277 • SOLANA BEACH 
Monday·Salurday 

10:00·6:00 PM 
. Otf~ Expires 5/30/84 

WARREN 
INIERNSHIP 

Commuter Students 
can apply for the 198+85 

Warren Dean's Commuter Intern 
position. Work 10-12 paid hours per 
week. Applications now open until 

MlJy 21 st. Pick up referral at the 
Student Employment Office. 

Warren College Commuters are preferred. 
For more Information call Dan Butcher 

at 452-6171, 

--



Fifth place provides 
some consolation 
By JULIE RICHTER 

The men's tcnms team ended its 
scason this year at the i\'CM Division 
III anonal Champion hips held at 
Emory Untvcrslty In Georgia. U SD. 
after losing In the first round to the 
Univers lry of Redlands. wem on to Win 
the consolation bracket. The numher-
one doubles leam of Eugene Jones and 
Dan Beers set a mark In UCSD's tennts 
histOry by becoming the first !O win a 

ational Championship. Jones and 
Beers were named All -Americans as well 
as the second doubles team of MIke 
Gates and Brad Driver. who reached the 
quarter finals in the toumament. 

The Tnton ente red the tournament 
seeded fi lth nationally bchi nd 
K.ll.\Inazoo Collq;e. Gustavus Adolphus, 
Swa rthmore Jnd Untversity of Redlands. 
U D drew in the firs t round the 
University of Redland s, the only team It 
had lost to th iS year In the NCAA 
DiviSIOn 111 competition. In the match. 
UC D's pla),ers fought It out to the end 
in a tough six-and-one-half-hour duel 
whic h could have gone either way. At 
the most crucial POInt In the match, 
UC D was behind 3-2 with the number-
rwo and -three doubles reams 'up a set 
and a break in both matches. The 

Jones edged GilLetre. but the Bulldogs bit 
~he Trito ns from the start. 

Anywhere you go for a California Guaranteed Student Loan , you'll get a low interest 
rate and a long time to pay it back. 

But with Great Western Saving. yuu'll g ,t somethin 1 more: Fast Sl'yl'irp. You'lI get 
an answer within 30 days. And. because Creat Wes te rn is a major California lender. you 
get your money fast. You can even get a loan from Great Western if you a lready have a 
stude nt loan with another lende r from a previous academic year. 

Not on ly does Creat Western le nd to California residents a ttending chools in and 
out-of-state, we lend to non·residents a tte nding California schools, a lso freshmen a nd 
ha lf-t ime students. 

You can borrow up to $2.500 a year if you are an underg-raduate. and up to $5.000 
for graduate s tudy. The low interest rat 's Jllean comfortable monthl y payments du rin g 
the first few year~ after school when money Illay be tight. You can. pay nothing whil 
you're in school. and when you fini sh the r ' is a grac' period before your pay ments begin . 

It 's easy to apply fo r a s tuden t loan wit h Great Weste rn Savings. Fill out the form s 
at your friendly Financial Aid Officc, and send your app lication to the address b low. 

\ ()u c.an get a Guaranteed St udent Loan from o ther lenders, but with Grea t Wes tern, 
you g ,t guaran teed fast servic '. 

CHEAT WESTERN SAV I GS. Student Loan Depa rtment, 
P.D. Box IOS0. Northridgl' . CA 91328 

GREAT WESTERN SAVINGS 
19TA', 

A new bmnd of banking 
@ 
EQUAl 
.f ,.,' . , 
II NDE II 

Universlry of Reulands team then went 
on to win the atlonals tide after 
beating Kalamazoo College 7-2 and 
Gustavus Adolphus in the final 8-1 . It IS 
clear that UCSD proved itself to be 
Redlands' toughest competition . 

Agamst the Unive rsi ty of Redlands. 
UCSD's number-one player Eugene 
jones edged out J. Gillette 6-4. 6-7 , 6-4; 
and Brad Driver was defeated by SCOtt 
Moore 6-3, 6-2. Dan Beers. playing in 
the number-th ree slot. beat R. Frederick 
4-6.6-1 . 6- 1 as did number-four player 
Ro)' Derevanyik, who won 7-6, 6 - 1. 
Chris Nelson , plaYlng number-five. lost 
to Roy Chaw 6-4, 6-3 . along with Mike 
Gates. who was defeated 4-6. 6-2. 6-3 
by jeff Bubmack. 

In the consolation division, the 
Tritons easily beat Claremont Harvey 
Mudd College 8-1 in the semifinals, and 
then clinched the title in the finals , 
beating UC Santa Cruz 6-3. Chris 
Nelson hit well in the match , and won 
in a tiebreaker 6-3 , 3-6 , 7-6, making the 
Si ngles score 3- 1 and setting the 
momentum for the rest of the match . 

In the singles championships, Jones, 
seeded third . reached the third round, 
defeating Mark Miller, 6-0 , 6-3, and 
Adam Bottorff 0-2, 6-3. Brad Driver. the 
number- (\vo player, beat Ty Couillard 6-
3, 6-1 in rhe first round . then lost to 
Mark Nys 6-4, 4-6, 6-0. The doubles 
competition brought recognition to the 
Tritons' number-one team of 
jones/ Beers, seeded first in the 
tournament. Both played superbly in the 

Driver was one oj Jour Tritons to earn 
All-American honors at Emory. 

tournament, winning 6-0 . 6-3 in the 
fina l. Jones hit 13 consecutive return 
winners down rhe line. and partner 
Beers scored eight aces. The second 
doubles team also did remarkably weU at 
the Ojal tournament when it beat 
Pcpperdine's number-one doubles team 
of Gerome Jones and Rill Ba xter. The 
second doubles team of Gates/ Driver 
reached the quarterfinals after beating 
Vandenberrgh / Protherb 2-6. 6-1 . 6-4 
and Bonorffl Harrington 6-1. 7-6. 

Rellecnng on the Nationals, coach 
Steve Mon belteves It was a 
disappointment for the team t not halle 
the chance to play the Eastern schools 
seeded above them in the tournament. 

UC D usually does not have the 
opportunit y to play sc hools such as 
Kalamazoo College or Swarthmore 
College except in a tournament. ThIS 
time. however. UC D drew its nClghbol 
and number-one nval, Umvcrslty of 
Redlands. The team admits It played 

h~rd :IS Brad Driver asserts . "We played 
one heU ot a match ." 

Clallifled advertising apace II aald In 
100 charact.r Incrementa. Each leiter, 
punctuation marie and lpace betwMn 
wordl II considered a charact.r, with 
capital leHerl counting al two 
characterl. The rate II $1.00 per 100 
characterl for students and $3.00 per 
100 characterl for non-atudents. You 
mull come by the Office or mall In your 
ad, al " require payment In advance 
of publication. Deadllnel: 5 pm 
Tueaday for ThurlClay'l paper; 5 pm 
Friday for Monday'l paper. For more 
Information, call .52-3.66. The 
Guardian, UCSD, 1-016, La Jolla, CA 
92093. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 

Performers, fooc:J. folk art. dlsplays, ldeas, 
energy tor Cultural Fest. Rachel 45 7 ~ 1 
or AS oftlces. (5/24) 
BALLOON RIDES - see La Jolla from the 
sklesl Nightly May 21 -25. Revelle Plaza 
Tickets SS.oo. (5/17) 
Students for the prevention of ' nuclear 
war will meet Wed .. May 23 in PH 104. 
"Beyond Wa Presentation." Nuclear war 
Is Inevitable only It you let It be. Come 
one come alii Get invotved. (5/21) 
TKE car wash - Sot. 12-4 Exxon station -
Governor & Genesee 51 .50. (5/17) 
Attention Fountain Valley HS Alumnil 
Class at 1979 celebrates 5 yr reunion 
June..23 call 714-951-6669. (5/24) 
INSURANCE WAAI We'll beat any price or 
we don't want your business. Call 286-
1135. Request UCSD Plan. (5/17) 
Wonted: Watermelon Queen. Reward: 
$50. If found, please tum In at Revelle 
Prov: s Ofc. by 6/4. (5/17) 
Free cor wash Saturday. May 19th 
Revelle parking lot from 10 am-4 pm. 
Sponsored by HPA (5/17) 

\ 
Want to work on AS programming next 
year? (shows, films. etc.) Good 
experience. Rachel 457-0541 ASAP. 
(5/24) 

FOR SALE 

15x36" greenwoodendeskw/ matching 
chair, 525; 6' couch w/ two 3' ottomans, 
$65; double bed frame w/ headboard & 
casters. $15; 455-1373. (5/17) 
Motorcycle: HONDA Twinstar 10 milage; 
great concfn super rood bike S6750.b .o. 
+ helmets 450-9048. (5/24) 
74 VW Bug; AM/FM. AC. roof rack. trailer 
hitch. cover; law mileage, good 
condition, 52500. 455-1373. (5/17) 

1971 Datsun 110 3-door. 3-speed 
automatic. Radials. Looks and runs fine. 
$700.00. 279-2681 . (5/31) 
Flute: Gemeinhardt In perfect condition. 
With case. Paid overS400. Will sell lor$35O 
or best. Sharon 942-2284. (5/17) 
4 Sole: 100 watt tube amp (ampeg). Two 
12" speakers. $175 or boo Call Dove at 
481-8919 eves. (5/17) 
Acoustic Bass Amp, model 120 head, 
404 cabinet. Excel. c ondo 5375. Doug, 
453-2464. (5/17) 
Surfboard six foot. single fin: rounded pin 
with leash. $95 000. Call Jack 452-0479. 
(5/17) 
6'8" surfboard. $20 or b .o. call Dove at 
481 -8919. (5/17) 

WANTED 

Wanted: Your d irty vehicle at the Tl<E cor 
wash Sat, 12 to 4 - Exxon station -
Govemor & Genesee. (5/17) 
TEAC X-1000R, 4 or more persons 
interested in buying th is R to R wholesale 
call Torn 296-2090. (5/17) 
Two girls w/ bikes seeking ride to UCSB (or 
LA?I) 5/20 or 5/ 21 . Share expenses ( gas, 
beer) 481 -2879. (5/1 7) 
Crevv persons needed for local & 
worldwide trips. Call American Sailing 
Association at 273-3013. (5/17) 
Employment Opportunity. Wonted: Part-
time editor/typist, preferably with word 
processing background (Wang) 
needed tor challenging work on behalf 
of a New Zealand University. Mutually 
acceptable time arrangement. Call 
Alan or Sylvia for more detail - 459-5414 
or 459-3471 . (5/17) 

HOUSING 

Bayview condo 4 sale. Bike to UCSD 2br 
200. Sunny deck great for roomies. All 
amenities. Coli 270-1219. (5/17) 
Fern Rmmate. 2br/2OO, pooI/jac. U 
condo. Non-smkr. prot. prat. 5275 + Y./utll. 
457-5789 pms. (5/21) 
3 spaces avail. In great condo. 1 master 
and 1 single. 3 pooI~jacuzzls. 2 tennis 
cts. M or F, no smoke, on flee bus route 
just behind UTC. Must seel Fumished. 
5240/mo. +1/5 utll. Summer sublet only 
452-8537. (5/~) 
UCLA Law student clerking in SD needs 1 
bdrm sub-let fI,1ay 24-Aug 24. 213-670-
1688 (Cheryl). (5/17) 
Fern. Rmmate starting fall qtr. Condo 

UCSD Summer Session 

ADDED 
AMES 10 

fORJIW.t PROGRAMMING (4 Units) 
Applied Mechanics and Engineering Sciences 10 
Course Code 0232 July 16 - August 24, 1984. 

For more Information visit the Summer Session Otnce 
101A Administrative Complex or call 

451-4364 

near UCiO. Pool, jacuzzi 3!:iJ/mo. +Y./ 
utilities. Call Mariano 457-2547. (5/24) 

SERVICES 

WORD PROCESSING: Speedy service. 
Pickup & delivery on campus. Call Andy 
at 279-8056. (6/7) 
I 'TYPE AND EDIT FOR 51 .50 per page. 
Excellent. fast S61Vice. Call Elaine. 224-
03~. (5/17) 
Traffic Classes. Court opprOYed. Sat, Sun 
eves. UTC, Mission Valley, Torrev Pines Inn 
Reg. 565-1767. (5/21) 
Typing, word processing, tape 
transcription. Quality 'NOrtcat reasonable 
rates. La Jolla. Sandy, 459-5818. (6/7) 
UIIMIANTED I-W? REMOVED PERMANENT-
L Y near campus. La Jolla Praesslonal 
Center. 8950 Villa La Jolla Dr. Suite 1160-
C Call tor appt 457-4039. (6/7) 
Typing! Word Processing! Rush jobs! Term 
papers, theses. resumes. transcription. 
Jennifer 0 274-5005. (6/7) 
'TYPING: IBM RUSH JOBS term papers 
theses dissertations editing 453-0656 
(eve) 452-1 588. (6/7) 
Manuscripts, theses, dissertations, 
resumes Iyped. Experienced. $1 pageDS 
Betty 755-4779. (5/24) 
Typin(,}I'Word Proc. Theses/Diss/Papers. 
Experienced - Reasonable Rates - Top 
quality. VIsta 726-.J087. (5/17) 
Typing S1/pg discount w/ this ad. At 
Kinko's Copies In U Village Sq. (across 
from campus) 232-9797. (6/7) 
Top Drawer Secretarial ServIce reports. 
manuscripts, resumes, letters. 
Reasonable ctJIl481-416O. (6/7) 
Burke Secl8tarlal. T rv our typingl Rush 
jobs speclal1y - fIeKlbIe his. La Jolla 455-
6310 dOV!l457-3842 eve- (6/7) 
Women incest uvivors theIcpy group 
forming to meet Fri or Sat beginning in 
May. Sal per session. Call Julie or Ann 
459-2100. (5/21) 

LOST a FOUND 

Found: change wallet on 5/ 3 at Third 
College. Call to identify. Sandy 753-2395. 
(5/21) 
Found: 1 gold earing in USB on 017. 
Identify to claim Call 455-1875. (5/17) 
Found: Skateboard first week a May at 
Muir. Coli to identify. Tom 483-5436. 
(5/17) 

Lost 5/4 on Muir. Call Autumn or Mark, 
(w) 452-6771 or (h) 270-8243. (5/17) 
Lost: Rectangular money clip. It has the 
Init ials R.J.R. on it. If found please call Bob • 
at 299-1221 . Has sentimenta I value only. 
(5/21) 
Found: One right black plastic pump at 
TG on 5/11/84. Cinderella claim at AS 
Offices al:>ove EDNA 452-4450. (5/24) 
Lost HeINIett Packard 11C Calculator. If 
found please call 452-7969 reward I 
(5/24) 

PERSONALS 

Sugi, Happy 20th Birthday. You're a real 
teddy bear and a great roomie. We love 
you lots but don't stay In the sho\'J&r too 
long. Lars party until we drop dead. Love 
H<:Jpp,- and Snappy. (5/17) 
What 'M:lU1d you do if your fiance said , 
"Sorry honeydew, but I cant-aloupe"? 
$50 & the coveted post of Watermelon 
Queen goes to the seediest response. 
Appt.; at the Provosrs Office by 6/4. 
(5/17) 
Tl<E minus 1 and counting . Blast oft 
tomorrON' at Central Library. 9:00 -

touch~. (5/17) 
Geoff good luck at the sprints, will miss 
you lots. Love your EK woman. (5/17) 
Pregnant? Choose alternatives to 
abortion. Son Diego Pr~Lite League 
hotfine: 583-5433. 941 -1515. (5/21) 
Two girls w/bikes seeking ride to UCSB ( or 
LA) 5/20 or 5/21 . Share expenses (gas, 
beer) 481-2879. (5/17) 
No TG this Friday? Party with the Tl<E's at 
Central. Only S3 at box office. ( 5/ 17) 
Need a clean ca for the semi-formal? 
Come to HPA's wastHl-thon Sat. May 
19th at Revelle parking lot. 10 am - 4 pm 
Sponsored by HPA (5/17) 
Buster hO\oII about a game of s.p . Friday 
night? You bring the cards, I'll bring the 
oil. Sn5. (5/17) 

TRAVEL 

Council troveVCIEE provides information 
on student charters, railpasses. Inri 
student !d's. hostel cards. tours tor ages 
18-35, work and study programs. and 
much more. Stop by the Student Center 
or call 452-0630. (6/7) 
ARFARES, WorIc:tNIde for students. Inri 
student 1.0. cads. tours. rai/passes, 
experienced advice. All your travel 
needs - student Travel Network. 1551 
Cominodel Rio South - 692-9213. (6/7) 

• The Professional School 
J<" HUIlIUIl ISII, SlUdit'5 

A Graduak School of 
Prof~ional Psychology 

Harold Greenwald, Ph.D. , President 

The Pro{tssional School is C?fftring parrial scholarships Jor both the M.A. and Ph .D. 
COUNSEUNG PSYCHOLOGY programs for Winter Quarter. Our graduates qualify jor 
licensing in the SWte ofCalifomia, both as PSYCHOLOGISTS andlor as Marriage, Family 
and Child Therapists. 

A dIstingUished fac ulty of experienced psychologists offer classes sf1Ccifically cksigned jor 
worning proJcssionals. Classes art held in the evenings and on weekends throughout 
California and speCIal formats have /xen set up to accommodate out-oj-state stude nts. 
Recent jaculty leC/ures have rnduckd uc:h recognized authorities as Georxc &lch, Albert 
Ellis. Na thaniel Brandon. Erv and Miriam Polster and Zerna Moreno. 

For jurthcrinJormation call orwritt' to: 1M ProJmiOflfJ/School, 2425 San Diego Ave., San 
DIego, Ca. 92 110, (619) 296-H 72. (Leamrng ce nters located throughout Califonua ). 



U 
Softball Playoff Information 

We are nearing UC 1)" version of 
the World erie Playoff time. I 
would ju t like to inform all of you 
potential playoff teams of the 
logi tic of playoff . 

Playoff begin Sunday, June 3 and 
run until unday.June 10. We will be 
taking the top half of each league's 
team to the playoff . Four team 
qualify from an eight team league, 
three from a ix team league. Fir t 
place team from each league will 
either receive a bye or pia a fourth 
place team from another league. You 
will be playing teams from within the 
whole division, not just your own 
league. You will obviously have to be 
flexi ble in regard to playoff time as a 

aturday league team may be playing 
a unday league team on a Tuesday. 

All divisions are s ingle elimination 
except Men " AAA and the Women" 
division. 

A new wrinkle i being added in 
our large t division, Coed A. This 
divi ion is 0 large now that it is ju t 
too big to finish in one week. We are 
going to divide thi division in half. 
We will take the Coed AA divi ion 
and call it Coed AAA. Then we are 
taking the top two fini her in each 
league of Coed A and calling it the 
Coed AA playoff . The third and 
fourth place fini her in each oed A 
I~ague will play in the Coed A 
playoffs. This hould make for orne 
very even competition. But no longer 
can we ay we have more teams in 
ju t the oed A oft ball Playoffs than 
UC Irvine has in it entire program. 

Intramural Waterpolo Playoff Preview 

CoedAAA 
1. Floatie (3·1) . 
2 . Tu·Be or Not Tu·Be (4·1) 
3. Test Tube Babies (3·1) 
4. Mue Crue (4·1) 
5. itting Ducks (2·3) 

CoedAA 
1. Swamp (5·0) 
2 . jellyfi h (5·0) 
3. Rubber Guard II (4·0) 
4. Fungus (5·0) 
5. Cotso Kids (4'1) 
6. Logs on Golden Pond (4·1) 
7. Billy Dee and the Pigs 
8. Katoonka (4·1 ) 
9 . eenerhead of Doom (4·1) 
10. Brother jed (4·1) 

Coed A 
1. Rubber Bagel ' (3·2) 
2. PHIs with PIs (3·2) 
3. Deep Float (2·3) 
4. Tubin Tekes (2·1) 
5. Gayle Whale (3·2) 

Softball Notes 

Odds 
5·2 
5·2 
7·2 
10·1 
50·1 

Odds 
2·1 
7·2 
7·2 
9-2 
8·1 
10·1 
10·1 
20·1 
50·1 
50·1 

Odds 
5·2 
5·2 
7·2 
10·1 
50·1 

We are now a little past mid· 
eason, so that means that it's time to 

fill you in on all the little tidbits of 
information that I've collected in my 
many excursions to the softball 
diamonds. 

It 's been an interesting eason. I 
call this " The Year of the 
Re chedu led Game." Between Easter 
weekend, Mother's Day weekend, 
Revelle river trips, Third College 
retreats, Muir College floqr trip and 
whatever Warren does with it time 
we have had eventy re cheduled 
games so far this quarter. That's one-
tenth of the games played thu far. 
The guys in the 1M office have asked 
me to plead with all of the 1M Softball 
teams to lighten up on the 
reschedules . They say they 've blown 
a fuse on their new Bud Computer 
trying to figure out when the games 
could be rescheduled. After a full 
week of frantically trying to keep 
organized, the 1M Czars go to a nice 
quiet place to recover from 
"reschedule yndrome." Rumor has 
it that Thursday night at the Rodeo i 
the place they 've chosen. Heck, those 
guys need it. Of those seventy 
rescheduled games only about 
twenty· five have been made up. In a 
week or two there' . going to be a lot of 
unhappy team which didn ' t make 
the playoffs becau e they didn 't 
reschedul their game and took a loss 
again ·t an 0·6 team. 

The game of the eason will take 

Comments 
Floats like a butterfly, but got stung by a Tu·Be 
Need to turn on their scoring machines 
Best team in the league under glass 
Can't stay afloat with the top three 
A tough bunch of quackers but not this year 

Comments 
The pressure is on these creatures once again 
These jellies have some sting this time 
Saving their own lives may be a tall order 
These players can really grow on you 
Soon to be the Notso Kids of '84 
Look for these guys at bottom of the pool 
Any upsets will come from this group. Oink! 
Soon to be ker·plunka and out 
Doomed for a winless play·offs again 
Might get up for the occasion this time around 

Comments 
As ure a thing as there is this spring 
Greek get goofy again 
Have only a prayer to rise to the top 
Would do better on the Colorado River 
Would do better in the Arctic Ocean 

place this Sunday at 11:00 am on 
Pryatel·North Field. It features 
Revelle 's favorite housekeepers, 
Swamp vs. Thraaash. Both teams 
are undefeated. Swamp is rated #1 
and Thraaa'h is rated #2. It should 
be quite a game. Look for the 
infamous Pryatel hop to decide it. 

The highe t scoring team in all 
IMs is the Women 's team O·Street 
Band which has scored 102 runs in 
five games. The best defensive team 
is Men's A BOHICA, which has only 
given up 8 run in 5 games. The 
Lingusmen in Men's A are getting 
ready for their yearly playoff choke. 
The Lingusmen have 10 t only 2 
regular eason games in 5 years. 
That's probably a five year record in 
1M Softball . Only problem is that 
they have never won a playoff game. 
That is the worst five year playoff 
record. Defending Men 's AA and A 
champs Napalm Enema and Wee 

uk, respectively, have moved up 
and proven that the big, tough upper 
division aren't what they are feared 
to be. Napalm Enema moved up to 
AAA and i 2·1. WeeSuk moved upto 
AA and was one of the top rated AA 
team until their fir ·t 10 s this last 
weekend . 

Look for lights on more fields and 
new fi Id ' on campu . In the future. 
Heck, w ,'re having trouble keeping 
up with all of yuur interests. But 
we'r doingour bes t. You ' re all worth 
It . 

UD 
o 

Softball Standings 
(as of May 14) 

Men'sAAA 
1. Profoathletics 5·0 
2. Brutal Puppydogs 4·1 
3. tiding Drabo 4·1 
4 . Rectamatic 4· 1 
5. Hardwood 3·1 
6. Spank the Monkey Mama 2·1 
7. Get·A·Grip 3·2 
8. Napalm Enema 2·1 
9. Cannibal 2·2 
10. Butt tate 1·1 

Men'sAA 
1. wamp 5·0 
2. Thraaa h 6·0 
3. Deadmeat 3·0 
4. jonestown Rats 4·0 
5. Aluminum Rods 4·0 
6. Throbbing Bats 4·1 
7 . Beagle Suck 3· 1 
8. Sanctimoniou Tramps 3·1 
9. Zbt 2·0 
10. Olympic Phi·Some 2·0 

Men's A 
1. Peabody ' Pinky 5·0 
2. B.O.H.l.C.A 5·0 
3. Lingusmen 5·0 
4. Illegitimate Fathers 5·0 
5. The Laggin Indicators 5·0 
6. Steve Howe's Nose 5-0 
7. R.O.T.F.N. 6-0 
8. Draft Dodgers 4·1 
9. Destined to be Urine 4·1 
10. jism·Deep Drive to Center 4-1 

Women's 
1. Bu tts to You 4·0 
2. D·Street Band 5·0 
3. San Diego Madres 3·1 
4. Brown Sugar 3·2 
5. Biohazards 3·2 
6. Second Wind 3·2 
7. Feline Drive 3·2 
8. 7PM or Bust 3·2 

U! 

CoedAA 
1. Sandi & the Waves 
2. Butt State 
3. A Few Good Guys & a 

Couple of Bitches 
4. Bad Knees 
5. Shawn's O.R. Gang 
6. Still Dirt Cheap 
7. Where's the Beach? 
8. Leroy's Knee Cap 
9. Psuedo Drabos 
10. anta Valveeta 

Coed A 
1. Land harks 
2. Spring Trainee 
3. Revenge II 
4. Between Innings 
5. Bob's Mob 
6. Teasers 
7. TKE 
8. Quincy's Quorum 
9. Eldo and the Smurfs 
10. Ain't Got That Swing 

Coed A • Dorm 
1. D·Building Drinkers 
2. Apts 
3. Jock and Jockettes 
4. Preparation L 
5. Jim Jones & the Kool Aids 
6. Wack 'em & Catch 'em 
7. F Troop 3-2 
8. Tow Outs & Bases "M"·PTY 2-~ 

Good luck to The Boys With the Big Bats (6-0) and 
R.O.T.S.N. (6·0) battling for the top spot in 
Men's A Softball. May the best team win. 

It sure tastes good at the top. 

Michelob Light for the Wnners. 



An Arts Magazine SeMng the UCSO Community 

Vol. 6, No.7 MJy 17,1984 

" 

• 

Encore! 
UCSD and the SDPT -



The Magazine 
of the '80s 

fditor 
ANDREW KEELfR 
Associate Editor 

JOHN NEE 
Writers 

MIKE AHN, lANCE 
BERNARD, CHRJSTOPHER 
CANO lL, MARK DeVO l. 
ETHAN fEERST. JOAN 

fORSBERG, RONA HU, B.B. 
LEONE, CLYDENE NEE, 
JAMES RALPH PAPP 

tditorial 452-3466 
Advertising 4~2·J468 
Ifiatus is publi!>hed every 

Thursday of the SChool year as a 
supplement to the UCSD GUARDIAN. 
ReprOduction or use without writlen 
permission of any portion of this 
magazine is a no-no. IVe welcome 
unsolidted letters. manuscripts and 
artwork , but assume no 
responsibility for the return of such. 
Send information to: 

IfIATUS 
UCSD. 11-016, 

La Jolla. CA 92093 

And thdt 5 the fact. Jack ' 

Contents 
Cover: The San Diego Public 
Theatre has been around for 
quite some time. yet no one 
really knows what it is or what 
it is about. It is currently 
producing Brecht·s The 
Caucasian Circle. See the story 
on page 3. 

Old Globe ..... ...... . . page " 
The Old Globe Theatre in Balboa 

Park ends its spring season with two 
stunning productions. 

~odem t:nglish ... . .. . . page 5 
Modem English is well on its way 

to becoming one oftoday's best pop 
bands. The band will be in town 
Saturday with Thomas Dolby, 

film ................ .. page 6 
Three new releases are reviewed 

this issue. The Bounty misses, The 
Natural is unlikely. My Best 
friend 's Girl is a good catch, 

Canlso page 5 
Goings On page 1 

..... -OPTIONS IN THE HUMANITIES,-... 
HUMANITIES MINOR: 

You can not take an interdisciplinary minor in Humanities. 
Upper d ivision courses under the Humanities title are 

available to students from all four colleges, 
FALL QUARTER 1984 

Humanities 21A - The Early Western Tradition 
Humanities 22A - The Western Tradition from the 

Reformation to the Present 
Humanities 119Q - Special Topics In Modern German 

Thought (History) 

See your individua l college counselor for information 
regarding Minor requirements. 

MINOR ADVISOR: Dr. John Marino 1560 HL 

HUMANITIES 21A-B-C and 22A-B-C 
Two sequences of second-year Humanities courses, 

beginning Fall term, An interesting way to get a basic 
knowledge of Western history, philosophy, and literature, 
Each sequence can be used to fulfill the second-year 
Humanities requirement at Revelle, but is also open to 

students from other colleges. 

Prerequisite: 
Completion of writing requirement in one of the colleges. 
Humanities 21 and 22 are not courses In compoSition (less 

emphasis on composition than in Humanities 11 or 12). 
If you have taken Humanities 11, take Humanities 22 to 

round out your program; if you have taken Humanities 12. 
take Humanities 21 . 

Humanltle. 21 A-K - Cover. period from Biblical time. 
to the Renaluance. Prof. Molihammer. (Fall). 

Humanltle.22A-B-C - Cover. period from the Reformation 
to the present age. Prof. Cox (Fall) 

Each course offers 4 units - 3 lecturers, 1 discussion per week 

2 nu.tus May17, 1984 

Bob's Book Report 
The animals are loose 
when books are cheap 

By B.B. ILOI't[ 
'lbe friends of the UCSD Ubrary sale last Friday was something to 

see. Vast lines of lean and hungry used-booksellers (D.G. Wills grew 
a beard espectally for the occasion) formed, circling outside the 
barricades, driven mad by the news that all paperbacks were a 
quarter each. SUffice It to say that the two·volume Book of Days 
that I lusted after disappeared Into an unmarked brown paper bag 
ten seconds after they let the merchant marauders, the usual 
devoted bibliophile public and a few students loose among the pulp 
pages. 

However, I did manage to get away with a volume of Byron's 
poetry, a cartoon book by Gary TTudeau, a weird tome by a man 
named Cuppy and a curious and quaint book that once formed part 
of Central's collection but had last been checked out In 1974. 

If Imitation Is the most sincere fonn of flattery, Byron flatters 
Walpole to an extraordinary degree. HIs (Byron's) dramatic poem, 
"Manfred," seems so much a recapitulation of Walpole's The castle 
of otnJnto (the first Gothic Novel) that w~en Byron diverges by 
making Manfred an adept. the experienced reader Is lost In lines 
until the last. 

Byron's states boldly that Walpole's The Mysterious Mother is 
the "last tragedy" (In other words, the last tragedy worthy of that 
name) In the fngllsh language, If you wish to read this pseudo-eplc 
of rape and incest and anti-religious mania, go ahead. There 's a 
copy In Central. 

So much for Byron, who is available in almost every library 
worthy of that name. 

for those of you who like good mysteries, the Reader's Choice 
section of Central has Perfect fnd. 'ibIs mystery, set In Hong Kong 
before and during the hurricane of the century, is a master addition 
to the Yellowthtead street series by William Marshall. for those 
who are interested In these witty, well-wrItten books (form and 
content join fairly well when Marshall writes), Perfect tnd. Thin Air, 
Skulduggery and Sci fi (the funniest of the lot, as well as the 
strangest) are now out In paperback. 

UCSD University Events Office presents 

The 
UC San Diego 

Chamber Music Series 

PURCELL SEXTET 
Canada 's Purcell Quartet plus two 

BRAHMS: SEXTET IN B-FLAT MAJOR, OP. 18 
HAYDN: C -MAJOR, OP. 54, NO. 2 

BRAHMS: SEXTET IN G-MAJOR, OP. 36' 

G.A. $12.00 , UCSD St. $5.50 
MAY 18, FRIDAY, 8 :00 P.M. 

MANDEVlLLE AUDITORIUM 

'--_ UCSD Box Office & Ticketron: 452-4559 _ ........ 

By J().\N rORSBfRG 
The vision of a theater 

"committed to producing plays 
that teach as well as stir the 
heart" united UCSD drama 
professors Robyn Hunt and 
Steve Pearson and UCSD 
graduate Adrian Schriel In the 
fall of 1982, With no financial 
backers and money only from 
their own pockets, these 
Individuals were determined to 
realize their vision. 

The UCSD connection is giving 
the SDPT.a spotlight to shine 

have had to continually 
examine the question "What 
does it mean to try to survive 
doing plays that might seem to 
be ·alternative.' 'radical,' or 
maybe 'funky' to the regular San 
Diego theater audience?" 
explains Hunt. 

In the last year and a half, 
Hunt. Pearson and Schrlel have 
been joined by four more 
theater enthusiasts. Together 
they have struggled to 
overcome the difficulties of 
finding a performIng space, 
funding productions and 
generating public interest and 
support for theIr company, the 
San Diego Public Theatre. 

Their dream of a politically 
and artistically outspoken 
theater company has become a 
reality. Today, the members of 
the San Diego Public Theatre are 
settling into their recently 
acquired home in the historic 
candy factory on Eighth Avenue 
in downtown San Diego. They 
are preparing theIr current 
production of 8ertolt 8recht's 
The caucasian Chalk Circle. 
which plays May 18 through 
June 17. 

The Caucasian Chalk Circle. 
the story . of two women 
claiming the same child, Is the 
Public Theatre's tenth 
production; however, artistic 
director Robyn Hunt explains, 
untlllast fall, the company lived 
like " tent people" with no 
permanent performing space. 
Their first production. Darto 
fo's We Won't Payl We Won't 
Payl, was performed on dark . 
nights at the Bowery Theatre In 
November of 1982. funding for 
this production came from 
contributions by the principal 
directors and loans from 
company members and friends. 
As a new company. it was not: 
eligible for government grants: 
for the first season, the 
company had to survive on box 
office receipts and small 
donations from patrons, 

where It prOduced three more 
plays: Children, Church, 
Kitchen ... : Statements /tlrer an 
Arrest Under the Immorality 
Act and Sea Harks. The Public 
Theatre concluded its first 
season In June of 1983. 

The success of its first season 
provided the company with 
sufficient funds to begin its 
search for a permanent space. 

the comer. People walked 10, 
and one person asked, 'When are 
you opening?' [thinking next 
June); and wesald. 'In twodaysl' 
And we did." 

While the renovation of the 
building continues , the 
warehouse has been trans-
formed Into a theater with a 
ftexJble. l~seat capacity that 
can accommodate proscenium, 
thrust. or arena staging, and a 
spacious lobby. 

During the summer of 1983. this 
space was found in a large 
empty warehouse downtown, 
When the Public Theatre moved 
Into the Candy factory at 311 
Eighth Avenue, it was nothing 
more than a large brick 
structu re with enormous 
potential. 

In early November, they 
began to renovate the bulldinq, 

erecting walls to divide the 
space Into a lobby, perform-
ance/audience area. and a 
backstage shop. dressing rooms 
and offices. "We opened a play 
insanely in the first week of 
December. and the theater was 
stilljust a garage," Hunt laughs. 
"Two days before we opened, 
there was rubble everywhere 
and someone painting over in 

In its year and a half of 
existence. the San Diego Public 
Theatre has already received 
international recognition. The 
company members have been 
invited by the Berl i ner 
Ensemble to perform at the 
Music and Theatrefest in 
Germany this October. 

future plans for the Theatre 
in San Diego focus on creating a 
gathering place for people to 
view plays which will stimulate ~ 
positive discussions towards 
the betterment oftoday'sworld. 
Hunt envisions "a people 
center" with art shows and a 
coffee house In the lobby, and 
dark-night concerts and 
productions by traveling 
theater troupes. Most 
importantly, she visualizes a 
theater that not only produces 
plays, but also provides a 
training ground for actors and 
seminars for individuals in the 
community who would want to 
take classes outside the formal. 
institutional atmosphere of the 
University, 

Hunt looks fOlWard to the 
time in the future when the 
company members. production 
staff and actors will be rewarded 
monetarily f<X' all the time and 
effort they devote to the 
company. for now, however. 
their love of theater and passion 
for people serve as their 
inspiration for keeping the San 
Diego Public Theatre alive. 

" We all share a sense that the 
theater is not: only 'art for art's 
sake.' While it is a way to 
express our artistic loves, 
curiosities and hungers, it is 
also the place where we can do 
some work making things [in 
our sodety) better," explains 
Hunt. "The world Is full of 
problems that need to be 
addressed, but they can be 
addressed in a hopeful. head-on 
way. rather than a depressed, 
pessimistic way. " 

••• 

After performing four plays at 
the Bowery Theatre (including 
Ifodek, Ifappy Birthday. 
freddyl and Brecht on Brecht), 
the company moved to the tiny 
4O-seat Wln~ Cafe in Golden Hill 

Devoted to produdng plays 
that contain no racial or sexual 
prEfludices and that depict 
contemporary Issues wit:\ 
realistic optimism. the San 
Diego Public Theatre company 
has difficulty in locating works 
that satisfy its high standards. 
The company members eI!Joy 
performing less well-known or 
original theater pieces that are 
educational and thought-
provoking, but unfortunately, 
do not guarantee success at the 
box office. During the growth of 
their company, the members 

foundiag member of tile Sa Diego ...... 11IaIre _d lJCSD 
professor Robyn Huat Is beIplag to keep lite gro., ano.t. 

for ticket information on The 
Caucasian Chalk Circle. call the 
San Diego Public Theatre at 232-
7378. 

and the 

TlmJllt6 D' DDDIII .. 
PREMIERE BENEFIT NIGHT 

Tuesday, May 22, 8:00 pm 
Mann Lorna Theatre 

Presented by George Lucas and Paramount Pictures 
for the sole benefit of the Child Abuse Prevention 

Foundation of San Diego County. 

Ail proceeds for the evening will benefit San Diego 
children through the Foundation. 

Tickets are $20 per person, are tax deductible, and 
are available at the UCSD Box Office. 

These tickets will not be available at the door and 
must be purchased by Friday. May 18. 

, 

z 
o 
en 

~ 
u 
C 
... 

Watch out for 
MICHAEL JACKSON 

attha 
UCSD Rewlie Cafeteria 

May 19th / 9:00 pm 

XHRM 
92.5 HIT 

RAD:C MIX 
PIISONALITIIS 
DWANEBIOWN 

& 
WALLY DEE 

Students $3.00 / Non-Students $3,50 
L--------Sponsorect by. Club Entertainment·------_---l 

Play 17. 1984 nWu , 

. 

~ 



-
Spanning the Old Globe with distinct plays 
By JAIIIrs RALPH PAPP 
Two comedies representing 

the divergent traditions of the 
European and American theater 
are running now at the Old 
Globe. Strange Snow, acted in 
the middle of the cassius Carter 
Centre Stage (with i ts vague 
impression of innovation and 
the pretension of an inverted 
" er") , combines the 20th 
century nitty with America's 
gritty, th e result being 
shouting . vi olen ce and 
copUlation, which is perhaps 1M' 
surprise. Catspiay, written by 
Istvan Orkeny and translated by 
Clara Gyorgyey, is a play In 
which the elegant tradition of 
the Austro-Hungarian empire is 
subverted , but with the 
sophistication of one of its own 
members. 

Steve Metcalfe's Strange 
Show is the sort of performance 
that makes audiences give 
standing ovations at the end, 

and not just because the Cassius 
Carter seats are less cushy than 
the Globe ones. The three 
characters are a straight-laced 
high school teacher, her brother 
and his Vietnam War buddy, who 
owns a gas station. The contrast 
of the characters is the basis for 
the humor and the drama, and 
the piece reaches effectively to 
both extremes. But then to the 
reaction between the prim sister 
and the greasy and impetuous 
mechanic, another theme is 
added, that of the brother's and 
buddy's real war experiences, 
previously untold, but still 
leaving a psychological 
influence. With this theme, one 
gets the feeling that there are 
two plays, which are not entirely 
connected. The Vie t nam 
influence flares briefly, but 
when it dies down it has not 
really thrown much light on the 
relations among the characters. 
There are other. better 

established forces at work. 
These forces the school 

teacher and mechanic, the two 
opposites that attract, try to 
reveal In characters that are a 
little too pat a little too 
unbelievable. Brian Kerwin can 
put In the unlimited energy to 
make his character work; 
Annabella Price's is sometimes 
strained. Bill Geisslinger, as the 
brother, can create a perfectly 
smooth performance for a 
smooth character. 

••• 

The sophistication of 
Catspla!ls paraphernalia is a 
reflection ofthe piece's content. 
The players and their settings 
slide in and out of the light on 
little well-oiled platforms. ,.hey 
slide in and out of the play with 
similarly well-olled speeches. 
The story is of two sisters, from 
well-heeled backgrounds before 
World War I. surviving apart 
after World War II. One lives a 

quiet life as an invalid with her 
rich son in Germany, the other a 
complicated and passionate life 
In Hungary. They correspond 
and telephone, and the second 
sister narrates and acts her 
small adventures out to the first 
one. Sada Thompson does the 
narrating and acting with that 
extra power to convince and 
interest beyond just technical 
command of a part. If she does 
not get a standing ovation, one 
must again explain it by the 
comfort of the seats. 

Uke Strange Show. it has an 
image In the background, In this 
case physically projected as a 

. . 

backdrop. It is a picture taken in 
the late afternoon or early 
morning. of the two sisters 
running In their ftrst party 
dresses, in 1918. But this 
background image Is an integral 
part of the theme; it emerges 
and reemerges In different ways 
In several contexts; It begins 
and ends the piece, while the 
present serves as the middle. 
The playwrlte does not deal with 
violent emotions, but he does 
explore ones Interconnected 
over 50 years. In spite ofthe 50-
year span, the play and the 
actors achieve a unity of all the 
disparate parts. 

(IIitchell fdmonds, (IIarion Ross and Sada Thompson star in Istvan Orkenys ''Catsplay.'' BID <leiMUnger (I) is re-united with Bn... Kerwin In "StraageSnow." 

STUDY AROUND THE WORLD 

Sailing in September 
and February on 
100 day voyages, 
our floating 
campus 
stops in 
Japan, Korea, Taiwan, 
Hong Kong, Sri Lanka, 
India, Egypt, Turkey, Greece 
and Spain. Semester at Sea offers 
a full semester of academic credit. 
More than 60 voyage-related courses are 
available with faculty drawn from leading universities and 
augmented by visiting area experts. The program is 
spon - - ··-.J 1.. • .• 1.. U ... \'''e's\·.·, "I Pitt"bu""h anrl adml'l~ I:'U[~U uy 1I1 IIV J ly ....... _ I~I I..... l o.J 
students without regard to color, race or creed. 

For complete details and application, mail this coupon or 
call toll-free 

1-800-854-0195 (In Penn;ylvania call 4 12-624-60211 

il 
.:.; 

~iii! 
Iii 
.ill: 
.... 
.... ' 
.... 

ll!!: 
. .... 

.... 

;~~~ 
:::: 
.... 

;~~~ 
::=: 
---------------- -------------~ 

SEMESTER AT SEA 
U.c. 1.5. Forbes Quadrangle 2E 

Un;ver ity of Pi tt sburgh. Pittsburgh. PA 15260 
.... ,... 1,... I >"".I"" .• t~ •• .. • ... r ..... 

" " 

.... 

I: 
.... 

::::: 
:::: 

.:.:. 

:~~;~ 
NAMI t: 

:~:">" "'" '" 1:1 
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::!:::!:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::..:::::::::::::::::::: 

.. nlaUls May 17, 1984 

cJ'R a~=O='9::=:u;;;rl;;. cJ~r.z~:jfi~~~ir==~ogu=fr=o~=e:::~r:::ea:::ti:::. o::ns=·~~ 

.t 

30~ oft I I any purchaH of $1.00 or more 
• We also honor all 

one per 
customer 

1030 Torrey Pines Rd. 
at Herschel 

La Jolla 

Now Open! 
1774 GarDet Ave. 

Pacific: Beach 

Teacher Shortage Eminent 
Prepare Yourself for a Teaching Career at UCSD 

The Teacher Education Program invites UeSD students to attend 
a meeting on Thursday. May 24 in Room 100 TeSS Bldg,. from 3:30 
to 4:30 pm. to learn how you may become an elem entary school 
teacher. The program encourages all students interested in 
workmg with children. especially in multicultural and bilingual 
settings. to consider a career in teaching . TEP faculty and students 
will describe credential reqUirements, schedule of courses, Job 
prospects and application procedures. 

If you are unable to attend this meeting. stop by the TEP office 
(Room 113 TeSS Bldg.) or call x2957 to obtain more information. 

Keeping up 
with Modem 

• • 
mUSICianS 

By JOHN N[[ 
One would hardly expect that 

a group such as Modem English 
would be a product of the 
British punk movement of the 
late '70s. At the time when 
Modem English first formed, six 
years ago, there was an Intense 
move for non-musicians to 
congregate on stage and play 
thoughts and feelings and 
occasionally develop a style and 
structure of their own. 

After The Snow, Modem 
English's first American release, 
yielded the band a promising 
hit. " I Melt With You," heavy 
exposure on MTV and an 
extensive tour through North 
America during 198J. More 
recently, Modem English has 
released Ricochet Days, Its 
second project for Warner 
Records In the US and 4AD 
Records In Britain. 

As for style, Modem English 
seems to be moving Into a more 
structured and melodic vein as 
time goes on. This Is largely 
owing to producer Hugh Jones 
and his work with the band. In 
addition to producing Modem 
English. Jones has been 
involved with other mi\JOr acts 
such as Echo and the 
Bunnymen, Icicle Works and 

caruso 
by 

Klier' 

CERYECERIA MOCTE1UMIt S A. 

Rubber Rodeo. However. It was 
Jones' work with Echo and the 
Bunnymen that helped Modern 
English to decide to use him. 
Keyboardlst Stephen Walker 
elaborates, "When we were 
deciding who we wanted to 
produce Ricochet Days we had 
long lists of names and what 
they had done. and we had to 
listen to everything. It was hard. 
I really like Echo and the 
Bunnymen, and "eaven Up "ere 
In particular really brought It 
home that we wanted to use 
Hugh Jones." 

The decision to use Jones, or 

for that matter, a producer at 
ali, came when the band 
members realized that It was 
limiting for them to do their 
own production (which was the 
case with After The Snow). This 
could also be attributed to the 
fact that After The Snow was 
produced and released as an 
Import before Warner took up 
the option on the album. 

One major difficulty that the 
members of Modem English 
found producing their own work 
was that they were limited by 
their knowledge (or lack 
thereoO of studio work. Says 

THE UNCOMMON IMPORT 
DOSEQ.YIS 

Walker, " He did teach us a lot 
about song structure, verse, 
chorus, middle eight format. 
but we did try to steer away from 
that a little bit. We didn't want 
to sound too structured. The 
thing is that we were so naive 
and we weren·t really used to 
working with verses and 
choruses. With the first album 
there weren ·t really any 
problems. It'sjust that we dldn·t 
achieve anything that wasn't 
already achieved In recording. 
So everything more or less 
sounded the same live as It did 
recorded." 

WhiJc the band Ls .satblled 
with Jones' work on Ricochet 
D6IJs. according to Walker, It Is 
likely that his services wUl not 
be used on future prqec.ts. 
Walker continues, "We would 
really like to get someone like 
Peter Gabriel or Brian Eno to do 
something with us. but I don't 
know If they would be 
available." 

The most recent Modern 
English piece should be 
released soon on a 12-lnch EP 
with three other tracks. This new 
song, entitled " BreaklngAway," 
is a more upbeat dance tune 
based on the New York club 
scene which Walker describes as 
being a sort of "experiment" for 
the band. As Modern Engllsh 
feels its way through its musical 
styles, It Is Interesting to note 
the members' feelings on their 
roots as a punk band. Walker 
elaborates, " Looking back on It 
ali, it seems pretty ridiculous. 
We were all very angry and we 
thought there was a real 
revolution going on although 
there wasjust a revolution with 
the music." 

••• 

Modem English is on the last 
leg of its American tour. which 
it concludes as an opening act 
for Thomas Dolby. It will. 
however, play an isolated date 
In Los Angeles, Saturday. June 2 
at the Palace. This tour will 
bring the band to the San Diego 
State Open Air Theater Saturday 
at 8 pm. for further 
information, call 265-6562. 

May 17, 1984 n .. tu.s ! 



One bad, 
onegood~ 
one better 

By [TItAN f[[RST 
The glorious winged-horse 

emblem ofTri-Star pictures flies 
past the screen, and you have 
been wamed. What will follow Is 
Hollywood at its most - most 
pretentious, that is . A 
picturesque, midwestern 
landscape, an endless plane of 
talL yellow grass, and a young 
boy playfully romping through 
it conjures up the most Normal 
RockweUesque of images - hot 
dogs, apple pie, baseball and 
Robert Redford. 

In a surprisingly underplayed 
and withdrawn performance 
(perhaps due to his long 
absence from the screen), 
Redford has returned to 
superstardom in the role of 
baseball great Roy Hobbs, an 
aging player who makes a late 
comeback to his lifelong 
ambition. But the possibility for 
such a glorious sendoff is 
devastated by director Bany 
Levinson's (Diner) and 
ci nematographer Caleb 
Deschanel's (Black Stallion ) 
overbearing treatment of such a 
generic story. Backlighting, 
silhouettes, thunder and 
lightning are the real stars of 
this film. 

Robert Redford makes his return to the screen In "The Natural." 

Wilford Brimley (Hotel New 
Hampshire) and Robert Duvall 
(Tender Mercies ) tum in some 

fine performances as veteran 
manager Pop Fisher and sports 
columnist Max Mercy. 

Randy Newman 's brash, 
bravado scoring only fuels the 
film 's attempts to put the 
audience into a continued state 
of orgasmic ecstasy. The 
Natural is baseball turned myth 
and Arthurlan legend. It is a 
classic tale of good and evil - a 
quest for the pennant on an epic 
scale. But the film's endless 
" suspense" and shifts to slow 
motion before Redford 's 
inevitable homeruns are only 
insulting. 

• • • 

The Bounty, a third film 
version of this classic sea tale, 
lends some additional insight 
into the nature of Fletcher 
Christian's (Mel Gibson) mutiny 
of Captain William Bligh 's 
(Anthony Hopkins) Bounty. An 
outstanding performance by 
Hopkins leaves us with much 
more empathy for the usually 
ruthless Bligh, and some light Is 
shed on the likely unstable 
condition of an inexperienced 
Fletcher Christian. 

But it is all too easy to 
understand why a crew of 

A WIEW frontiers of SdeDce 
Course for fall, 1984 

frontiers of Sdence 138 
IE W (Q> II tUl rill (Q> IID~ (<-

mostly teens would be lured to 
revolt by the temptation of 
dozens ot jiggling Tahitian 
breasts - which Is exactly what 
this film resorts to. After all, 
what credence has duty when 
one is so tar from clvlllzation 
and so near to a veritable 
paradise , sexual and /or 
otherwise? 

As in The Natural, 
cinematography is the reigning 
force behind The Bounty. One is 
constantly assaulted with 
beautifully photographed, lush 
tropical scenery. Indeed it is 
beautiful. Yawn. 

• • • 

A French ski resort, a couple 
ot best buddies and a gorgeous 
blonde temptress - welcome 
to Bertrand 8l1er's charming 
comedy, My Best friend's Girl. 
Isabelle Huppert's sumptuous 

performance as Vlvlanne, a 
drifter who carries all she owns 
In her car, Is the centerpiece ot 
this love triangle. Pascal 
(Thleny Lhermltte) and Micky 
(Coluche) are the Inseparable 
best buddies whose friendship Is 
rumed by the Intrusion of this 
female into their Intimate cabin 
surroundings. 

This is not a great movie, nor 
does It try to be. And here is its 
strength. Intense and 
overbearing emotional confl icts 
are avoided, as are detours Into 
the realm of French cocksman-
ship, or profound judgments 
about relationships and 
territoriality. Ultimately, none 
of these characters is either 
chaste or evil; all are vulnerable. 

This is a simple story of 
friendship among three people. 
8l1er has created a modestly 
humorous flIm. 

"1'1)' Best f'rIend's Girl" features veteran .cb'ess INbeIIe Huppert. 

.... \' 
'--

nee lUJIIDllW®lf~ce~ ILll~<e & IHIilllmro~IIDllfry 
Course Code 2059 

Ta ·n, 4:00 • 5:50 pm, 1m Rt 1402 
An interdisdpIinary synthesis of the prindples underlying the 
process by which the universe evolved. The course will range from 
consideration of subatomic particles to galactic clusters and from 
the "Big Bang" to the development of life and human civilization, 
including prospects for the future . Emphasis will be placed on how 
the revolutionary transformations that science is undergoing 
provide a new framework for centuries-old epistomological and 
philosophical debates. 

learn 
JAPANESE 

Prenqaiatta: RneDe Jean! educadoa requiremata ill aatanI 
lCleac:e 01' the equhralad 01' cOIIMat of kaatractor. 

Proleuor Qifl'ord Grob.tetn, re8pOll8lble faculty member. 

,....------- Guest Lecturers wW lnclude:----------, 
Hannes FillVen, UCSD 

Gustaf Arrhenius. UCSD 
Theodore Bullock. UCSD 
Margaret Burbidge. UCSD 
Maxwell W. Cowan. Salk Institute 
Paul Ehrlich. Stanford University 
EAJ Engel. UCSD 
Cillford Grobstein. UCSD 
Robert Uvingston. UCSD 
Jorge Mancillas. SCRF 
Theodore Melnechuk. UCSD 

6 nutw May 17, 1984 

Stanley Miller. UCSD 
Leslie Orgel, Salk Institute 
John Platt. UCSB 
Ramon Roiz. UCSD 
Jonas Salk. Salk Institute 
William Schopf. UClA 
H. Eugene Smith. UCSD 
Wll!iam Thompson. UCSD 
Erik Trirlkaus. Univ. of New Mexico 
Sherwood Washburn. UCB 

Japanese Language courses offered 
through the Chinese Studies Program are 
designed to develop basic communication 
and linguistic skills in the Japanese 
language. 

Courses offered include beginning 
Japanese through advanced lanQuage 
instruction, and are taught by native 
speakers. 

Rister for FALL 198411 

FIRST YEAR JAPANESE 
SECOND YEAR JAPANESE 
THIRD YEAR JAPANESE 

CHINESE STUDIES 31 
CHINESE STUDIES 41 
CHINESE STUDIES 51 

For more information call 452-4551. 

US Traveler's Kit will run at 
the Mandeville Annex Gallery 
through Saturday. For further 
Information, call 452-3102. 

• • • 

The Japanese tlIm Woman in 
the Dune plays this week at the 
UI Jolla Museum of Contempo-

rary Art. The tlIm is a bizarre tale 
about a man who Is collecting 
beetles in the dunes and misses 
the last bus to the city. Some 
natives offer him some 
assistance and lower him Into a 
pit where he finds a woman 
willing to provide him with food 
and shelter for the night. When 
he awakes the next morning, he 
finds the ladder which he came 
down on gone, and is trapped at 
the bottom ofthe pit, The 111m Is 
at 4:30 pm. 

Los Angeles Artist Rich Gold 
will give a lecture entitled "The 
Perfect Vlvatropic Oracle 
(Working Best When Not 
Believed In)" at Sushi Saturday 
at 8 pm, For turther 
information, call nS-8466. 

• • • 

The season's f1nal Atomicafe 
at the San Diego Public Theatre 
will be Monday, May 21 at 8 pm. 
for further Information, call 
452-3229. 

• •• 

Janos Negyesyand Cecil Lytle 
will give a recital Wednesday at 
8 pm. The concert wllJ be a 
potpourri ot violin and piano 
music .ranglng from Beethoven 
to IJCSD composer Roger 
Reynolds. for further 
information, call 452-3229. 

• •• 

• • • 

The Tooth of Crime. Sam 
Shepard's play on rock and roll 
and reality In the future opens 
Thursday at the San Diego 
Repertory Theatre. The show 
starts at 8 pm. for ticket 
Information, call 23S-8025. 

A Dream Play will run 
through Sunday at the Mandell 
Weiss Center for the Pertormlng 
Arts. for further Information, 
call 452-4572. 

• •• 

The UCSD Theatre will present 
Ted Talley's black comedy, 
Coming Attractions through 
May 26. for showtlmes and 
ticket Information, call 452-
3793. 

A SONOR Boom: SONOR, UCSD 
Contemporary Ensemble's final program ot 
the season, will be performed Wednesday, May 
30, at 8 pm in the Mandeville Auditorium. The 
program will blend the dramatic (Keith 
Humble's " Wavs, BY-Ways") with the 

melodramatic (Schoenberg 's " Pierrot 
Lunalre") and the celestial ("Requiem," by 
Peter Sculthorpe). Admission Is $3 general, $1 
for students and seniors. Tickets are available 
at Tlcketrons, the UCSD Box Office and at the 
door. For further Information, call 452-3229. 

Starts Friday 
MANN UNIVERSITY PACIFIC'S SWEETWATER AIT flOWER Hill PACIFIC'S CENTER 
TOWNE CENTRE I THEATRES CINEMAS CINEMAS 
La JOlla Village 01 & In Ihe To .. n and Counlry Del Mar Racelrack/ElIl1 5 16 al Slad,um Way 
Cenesee • 4527766 Shoppln Cenler 805 f .... y 2750070/755551 I MISSion Valley ' 297 1888 
MANN RANCHO dl Sweelwalel Rd 4748571 +AMC SANTEE VIllAGE. SANTEE DRIVE· IN 
BERNARDO PACIFIC'S GROSSMONT I BlOCk Wesl 01 Cuyamaca 10990 WOOdSide 
I I 740 Bernaldo PIMa CI MAll THEATRES On MISSion GO/ge ROad Sanlee ' 448 7447 
4858641 Glossmonl Shopp,ng ~62 79 10 

G Cenlel Flllrdnce . 3 "ZT UA LASSHOUSE Hwy I a al Jackson Olive .. EC THEATRE 
3156 SPOil' Arend Blvd La Me d' 465 7100 665 51h Avenue 
223 2~ 46 ' 2399239 

F RIDAYS. 4 3(}'6 30 P m 
U CSD T RITON P UB 

....... 10 
HN (I/00I( JAZZ OI1CHEsrAA 
A""JI. JI BIG M<'.MII . 'HOONJDN 

- WITH J EANNIE CHEAT .... M 

M....., .. 
ELlA RUrH PlGGE 

MAY" 
H = GENTRY 
M ... "" BLOND BRUCE IW\I() 
M Ar.t\ 

B LOOr IlEED & rHE I!OCKI~ 

'IHHNffO By 
rHf ut\U ':dUlJINI Clf\;r~q HUARO 

WHO HAS THE BACRBONE 
AND GUTS? 

announcing 
a new Biology course: 

aka.VERTEBRATE ZOOLOGY 
Biology 180 - 4 units 
Fall 1984 
Preregister now. 

Satisfies the following requirements: 

• Upper Division Biology 
• Upper Division rop. Biology 
• Laboratory Course 

(Pop. Bio. & Gen. Bio.> 

May 17,1984 nutu.s 7 



U ER 
~E~S~SI~~~~~~1~~~~~~JUNE 25-AUGUST~1984 

The UCSD Summer Session is pleased to announce that the following 
courses are being offered in the 1984 Summer Session. 

AMES 10: FORTRAN Programming 
Anthro 55: Computer Uses in the Social Sciences 
Biology 1: The Cell 
"Biology 2: Multicellular Life 
Biology 21 : Introduction to Underwater Biology 
Biology 24: Marine Biology 
Biology 131: Genetics 
Chemistry 6A: General Chemistry 
Chemistry 140A: Organic Chemistry 
"Drama 13: Introduction to Design for the Theatre 
"Drama 136: Freeing the Voice 
"Drama 138: Advanced Acting 
Drama 147: Shakespeare on Stage 
Earth Sci. 3: An Introduction to the Oceans 
Earth Sci. 3L: An Introduction to the Oceans Laboratory 
Economics 1 A & B: Elements of Economics 
Economics 4: Accounting Principles 
"EECS 51A & B: Network Analysis 
EECS 52ABCL: Components & Elementary Measurements Laboratory 
EECS 61 : Introduction to Computer Science 
"EECS 65: Introduction to Programming Theory 
"EECS 70: Introduction to Systems Programming 
EECS 160A & B: Foundations of Computer Science 
EECS 161A & B: Data Structures I & II 
"EECS 165: Algorithms, Automata, and Formal Languages 
"EECS 170A: Principles of Computer System Design 
EECS 179: Analysis of Algorithms 
"History 24: Origins & Consequences of Underdevelopment 
History 126: Vienna 1900: Sex, Psyche, and Politics 
History 180: The Varieties of Japan (4-week trip to Japan) 
Lit/Eng 22: The English Literary Imagination: Neoclassicism & 

Romanticism 
"Lit/Eng 112: Shakespeare I: The Elizabethan Period 
"Lit/Eng 148: Genres in English & American Literature 
Lit/Eng 149: Themes in English & American Literature 
Lit/Eng 156: American Literature From the Civil War to WW I: Mark Twain 
Lit/Eng 158: Modem American Literature 
Lit/Gen 142: Genres in Russian Literature in Translation: the 19th 

Century Novel 
"Lit/Gen 163: Children's Literature & Film 
Lit/Gen 164: Fantasy & Science Fiction: Modem Fantasy - C.S. Lewis 

& J.R.R. Tolkien 
Lit/Greek 4: Intensive Elementary Greek 
lit/Latin 4: Intensive Elementary Latin 
Lit/Spanish 7: Introductory Intensive Spanish 
Lit/Spanish 266: Language Teaching: Theory & Methodology 
Lit/Writ 11 : Fiction Workshop 

Lit /Writ 125: Persuasion 
Lit/Wrlt 141: The Process of Writing 
Math 1A 1B, 1C: Elements of Mathematical Analysis 
Math 2A 2B, 2C: Calculus & Analytic Geometry 
"Math 2D & 2DA: Introduction to Differential Equations 
Math 2E: Matrices & Linear Transformations 
Math 2EA: Introduction to Linear Algebra 
Math 2F: Calculus of functions of Several Variables 
Math 4C: Elementary Functions 
"Math 75: Introduction to Computer Programming 
Math 110: Introduction to Partial Differential Equations 
Math 120A: Elements of Complex Analysis 
"Math 175: Elements of Computer Programming 
"Muir College 10: College Writing 
"Muir College 20: Advanced College Writing 
P.E. 14A & C & D: Tennis 
"P.E. 16C: Sand Volleyball 
P.E. 22A & B & C: Jazz Dance 
P.E. 23A: Beginning Ballet 
Physics ~: Mechanics (self-paced) 
Physics 2BS: Electricity & Magnetism (self-paced) 
Physics 2CS: Heat Waves, & Optics (self-paced) 
Physics 205: Relativity & Quantum PhysiCS (self-paced) 
"Pol Sci 10: AmerIcan Politics 
"Pol Sci 11: Comparative Politics 
Pol Sci 1ooB: The U.s. Congress 
Psychology 1: Introductory Psychology 
Psychology 12: Emotional Factors In Personality, Development & Social 

Behavior 
"Psychology 19: Introduction to Personality 
"Psychology 104: Introduction to Social Psychology 
"Psychology 106: Introduction to Physiological Psychology 
Psychology 132: Psychopharmacology 
Psychology 151 : Control & Analysis of Human Behavior 
Sociology 10: American Society: Social Structure & Culture in the U.S. 
Sociology 119: Love, Intimacy, Sex 
Sociology 127: Comparative Educational Sociology 
Sociology 156: Sociology of Religion 
"Sociology 188E: Soviet Society 
"TCCP 10B & 1 DC: Expository Writing I & II 
"TWS 24: Origins & Consequences of Underdevelopment 
"USP 12: Introduction to Urban Studies & Policy 
"VA 160: Photography 
VA 168: Color Techniques In Photography 
"VA 194: Fantasy in Film 
Warren College 10A & B: The Writing Course 

----------------REGISTRATION DEADLINE: JUNE 15, 1984-------------

8 nyW May 17,1984 

Come by the Summer Session Office, 101A Administrative Complex, to receive a free 
Summer Session catalog and registration form or call 452-4364. 

" Evening courses. 


