


ClaaHled ~I", ... Is 
_let In , ...... 1'IIder Inc .......... . 
EMh --.., punctuMion ....tc 
8Id ... between words Is 
conlldered • character, with 
capital IeIeen counting _ two 
char""'.'Jhe r ... Is.' per 100 
char...,. for studena .... $I per 
'00 characten for non-IIUdenIs. 
You m ... come ~ .... oftIce or 
..... , In JOUr ad, _ we ..... ,,. 
...,...... In advance of publica-
tion. Dead ...... are 5 pm 1'uesUy 
for Thund8y'1 paper, 5 pm FrIdIIy 
for Mor;day'l paper. For more 
Information call 452-3466. The 
Guardian, UCSD, 8-0'6, a.. Jolla, 
CA 92093. 

LUAU PARTY with SAf Sat. Sept 22, 4 
pm to 11 pm at Mission Bay Aquatic 
Center. Food, refreshments, sailing, 
waterskiing, PARTYING! Info on the 
Revelle Plaza. (9/20) 
WRITERS: Come to the Guardian rr-N 
writers' fTftting, Friday at 3 pm in the 
Guardian otric~, located so~ast of 
Revelle Plaza, adjacent to the Che Cafe. 
Find out what makes the Guardian tick, 
and ow you can make it tick better. 
(9/2 I 
Am JTION: Need S for necessities 7 We 
buy l ·edje\Nelry. Call JC 274-22068-10 
am. / 27) 
Bane needs keyist/synthist, equipment 
and transpo necessary, vocals nice, call 
Larry or Mike, 294-8076. 19/20) 
S360 'Neekly/up mailing drcularsl No 
bosses/quotas I Sincerely interested rush 
self-addressed envelope: Division 
Headquarters, Box 464CFW, 
Woodstock, IL 60098. (10/22) 
.Join -au Kappa Epsilon's fall rush and 
find ( ut what T1<E is all about. 19/201 

~ a Brother not a nu~. Phi Delta 
Theta RUSH begins Mon. See our table in 
Revelle Plaza. (9/20) 
AFSIAFSIAFSIAFSIAFSI Come to our 1st 

Annual UCSlrAFS alumni reunion Tues., 
Sept. 25 at 7 pm in the Inti. Cent~r. It's all 
new-new friends, new ideas, new 
directions. Don't miss out. For info or to 
help, call Teresa 455-1127. 19/24) 
ALl CAMPUS four man Sand Court 
Volley Ball Tournament Fri. Sept. 28 for 
info and sign-ups go to SAE table on the 
Revelle Plaza. 19/20) 
Get more out of college-experience 
T1<E-the fratemit¥ for lire. 19/20) 

illlllMiJlll1 
FUTONS: Bed and couch in one. 
Handmade of 100% cotton, comfortable 
and affordable. Golden Moon. 274-
4574. 110/4) 
1966 V.W. Bug: excellent condition rblt 
engine w/lOOOOm rr-N paint clutch & 
more. Must sell, leaving country 51800 
755-3923. 19/20) 
OA. TSUN 1800. New carb/all Needs 
body work. Looks bad. but runs greatfl 
S500 obo. Call PauI/45<r9112. 

'SO Toyota SR5 S2900 call Jerry at 27<r 
5791 hm, 695-2260 wk. (9/24) 
'73 Datsun Pickup. Brand new engine. 
Stereo/casse~. SI500. Call Scott at 4 55-
0950. 19/24) 
New Panasonic computer, IBM 
compatible, 2561<. 360K drives, printer, 
+more S2200 aft 6pm 755-6029 
George. 19/24) 
VJ./-69 Bug blue onefamily car radio 
radials ~xce"ent gas mileage good 
transportation S175O. Call (days) 282-
2040 leves) 28<rJ594. 19/20) 

tffHMWlllllll1 
Marketers for student~riented ~rvices 
firm. Great bonuses! Flexible, easy \YOrk 
454-8628. 19/20) 

Wanted: Guardian writ~rs. No 
experi~nc~ n~c~ssary, Just drive, 
enthusiasm, and a thirst for fame and 
bucks. Come to ~ new ~' 
meeting, this Friday at 3 pm at the 
Guardian offices (southeast of R~IIe). 
19/27) 
ATTENDANT lfemale) by dlsabl~d 
young prof~ssional woman. Part 
time/fu' time. Must be ~If-motivated, 

effid~t ~Iiat*, ~getic. Personal 
care lexp~rienc~ unnec~ss), 
housecleaning, cooking, laundry, 
shopping, driving. Own car. Ask for Sue 
272-9367 IPacific Beadl). (10/1) 
Wanted: a bunch of ~laxed dudes who 
want to play Hawaiian football for the 
TKE c¥laS1¥-rush TKE. 19/20) 

IMMJillll1 
ROOIl'Vl'late needed: Respon,m, to ~ 
condo near UCSD. Pool, jac. temis. 
S2SO+1/3util. 455-6689. 19/20) 
Roomates wanted: need t\NO persons to 
sha~ master bedroom U Village near 
Ralphs. Furnls~d. pool, jacuzzi. 
225/month +~utilitles. 450-3039. 
(9/20) 

.SIMiNIII 
WORD PROCESSING: P~rs. resumes. 
composition, multi-lingual. Fast, 
discounts. Alfabits 459-5915. (9/24) 
GMA T/LSA T TUTOR. PhD stude1t 
Former instructor for major US test-prep 
center; 4 years ~achlng ~xperlence. 
Intensive, ana~c method. Andrev.' 
459-7602, eves. (10/8) 
STUDENTS: Earn betWeen 540-70 per 
day \NOrking part-time assiSting students 
in applying for credit cards. Contaa 
College Credit Card Corporation at (lt3) 
438-5045. (9/20) 
UCSD Resale Shop International Center 
1/2 pri~ sale Tues. Sept. 25 •. 1<r2 all 

items rr-N to the shop. (9/24) 
NPING-SI.25/page. FAST, neat 8. 
acrurate. Spelling corrected. call 578-
1123 befor~ 10 pm. 19/20) 
EXPERT Typing. Also cassettes & 
corJ1)Uterized \NOrk. Spelling free. W~ 
carel ~, 459-5818. (10/181 
UCSD Resal~ Shop, Int~rnatlonal 

Cen~r, Mon-Fri 1<r4. A treasu~ chest 
for all ages. (9/20) 

Don't miss the Phi ~ Toga Party Friday 
night at the C~tral Ubrary patio'" 

~ing to "11th Hour." (9/20) 
ENJOY an evering of sIdirJI. sailing ald 
partying at the SAE I.U\U sa Sept 22. 4 
pm at the Mission Bay Aquatic Cence-. 
Intb on the Plaza. (9/20) 
Our ambition Is to be the best ptj Defta 
Theta Rush begins Monday. VIsIt us In 
ReYeJJe PIlla. (9/20) 
The bfOChers of 11(£ cor~ IrMte )OJ 
to attend tal rush 19M end 10 have the 
time of your ltel (9/201 

T~I the folks )QI \Nent to ~ library: Phi 
Deft Toga Par1¥ ctis Friday. LNe bIn(t 
and refreshmefltsl (9/20) 
\Xhlo is Wi" Miller? 19/201 
"Nobody stucIies the ftrst .. 
i!K¥NiIi." Bring)C)Ul' toga to the Ce(Jtral 
Ubrary Patio. DOn't miss oud (9(20) 

.., /" 
Toga Toga Toga T~Toga TCJgiIToga 
Toga Toga Toga Phi 0eJt Toga toga 
Toga Toga Toga Toga Toga Toga. (9/20) 
Guardan Guardian Guardian GuartIan 
Guatdan Guardia1 Guardfan Guardian 
Guardian Guardian New Writers' 
Meetir 19. Friday at 3 Ciuardan GuafdIiIn 
Guan:Ia"I Guardia1 Guardian GuardIan 
Guerdan GuarcIan. (9/27) 
Phi Defta Theta Toga Partyf Friday rjgtlt 
at Central UbraIy patio. INa ba'Id and 
refreshmena. (9/201 . 

C:AN WE HELP YOm· 
WE BOPE so. WE BOPE you 

HEI P us, TOO. .INn 
OUT BY WRITING POR TIlE 
GUARDIAN. 

Join the men to the right as 
staff writers for the Guardian. A 
meeting for all interested 
writers VJill be held Friday at 3 
pm in the Guardian office 
(located next to the Che Cafe, 
southeast of Revelle). Come by, 
say hi, and enjoy the hors 
d'oeuvres (if you bring them). 



2 Th ur..Ju)', :'':1'' 20, 198~ 
NEWS 

UC Davis had its first TGIF in June, 
and more are planned for this year. 
According to an anicle in the UCD 
dally, the California Aggie , the first 
ASUCD -Thank God It's Fnday" pany, 
modeled after UCSD's TGs, was a big 
success. 

A former ASUCD Council member 
was one of me first to caU for TGs at 
Davis. "People ovelWhelmingly like it," 
T alan said. He also noted mat since 
UCSD selVes alcohol at its TGs, people 
are more apt to come early in the 
eveni ng [0 socialize. 

Davis did not selVe alcohol at its first 
TG due [0 concern over the problems it 
could reate. Under Talan's original 
plan, donated or student government-
purchased beer would have been selVed 
al the gatherings. UC Davis 
administrators , citing regulations 
bannI ng alcohol on campus, shot the 
idea down , however. 

Senior Jan Steinberg said beer or wine 
should be available at the panies to 
anract more faculty and adminiStrators 
to the eve nl. 

The lear was raised , however, that the 
majority of mmors at the campus would 
inevitably dnnk and force me event [0 
be Cllt off. 

' temberg said she had anended TGIF 
Pdnte~ at UC D, and although minors 
sometimes did dnnk alcohol, such a 

~mall amount was dispensed to each 
Student thai no one gOt drunk. 

o 
Researchers at UcSD and six other 

institutions have developed an 
expenmental drug which , it appears , 
substantially reduces the severity of 
attacks In genttal herpes sufferers. 

Accordmg to Dr. James Connor, 
UCSD pediamclan, in an intelView 
conducted by the an Diego Union , the 
capsule form of me new drug, acyclovir, 
should be immediately approved by the 
federal government for prescription [0 
first-tllne herpes sufferers and to those 
who have frequent, repeated anacks of 
the soclaUy debilitating disease. 

AcyclOVi r does nOl cure the herpes 
ViruS, which finds refuge in the nelVous 
system of Its Victims, but. according to 
Connor, "This d rug is cenainly 
effective: Also, said Connor, "It is as 
safe as one can think an anti-viral drug 
can be." 

To date, the Food and Drug 
Administration (FDA) has only approved 
the drug in an ointment fonn that can 
be applied to the painful herpes lesions. 

Accordmg to the Union, an estimated 

five million [0 20 million people in the 
US have the disease, and about a half-
million more comract the disease each 
year, usuaUy from sexual contact. 

The researchers, among them UCSD 
School of Medicine physicians Douglas 
Richmond , David Redfield and Maria 
Savoia, found that acyclovir shone ned 
the length of time that herpes patiems 
experienced pain as well as reduced the 
time me herpes lesions took to heal. 

o 
Alzheimer's disease, the leading cause 

of senility, may be detectable through a 
blood test within a year following a 
recent UCSD discovery that the disease 
and a form of mental retardation cause 
similar chemical changes in the brain. 
Alzheimer's disease and Down's 
syndrome affect more than two million 
Americans each year. UCSD researcher 
Dr. George Glenner has detected a 
preViously unknown protein found in 
the brains of deceased victims. Though 
the protei n 's relationship to the twO 
diseases remams unknown , preliminary 
mdlcations suggest that it increases the 
victims' mental deterioration by 
damaging blood vessels in ~heir brains. 

The brain tissues used in Glenner's re-
search come from the UCSD "brain bank," 
a freezer filled with frozen tissue from Al-
zheimer victims. The protein , a chain of 
33 amino acids, has yet to be named . 

o 
The University of California and 

Stanford University have been awarded 
a patent on the basic ' )ols of gene 
splicing used throughuut the 
biotechnology industry, according to 
Neil Rei mers, director of Stanford's 
Office of Technology. 

The patent IS the companion to the 
one issued [0 Stanford in 1980 that 
covers the techniques used in the gene 
cloning process. The two patents cover 
both the techmques of gene splicing 
and cloning and meir products, which 
include an ever-growing variety of 
commercial vaccines, drugs and 
hormones. 

Kathanne Ku, in charge of 
recombinant DNA technology licensing 
at Stanford, said , "We believe that 
vinually all genetic engmeering 
compames are using this patented 
technology in their research and 
development." 

So far Stanford has raised in excess of 
$3 million from the school's 1980 
patent, and officials predict that by the 
end of the decade me two patents 
combined could raise tens of miUions of 

.... ~ '. . ... , ' 

~---------~----------~ 
-. 

I 
_ [l 

---

,-,., 
-- ~ III" I... 

" " 
~ • ~1f8 IIrt...l .l '" IJ ,. , I ..jj t...I 'I " """" 111"1,. loll 

.. "" iIIII"" 
~ I I 

-

IIii""_ 
1 ' ~ IL ~ ~ 1 -I 

.' I"" f1 1'"'1"11 PI' I I 
I I , I I I 

Cover: The forklift isn't the only sign that things 
aren't quite moving along at the pace they were 
supposed to. Displacement of students and general . 
confusion are some others in the wake of 
continuing construction of the Warren Aparnnents. 
See cover story. 

News: Stories on the final verdict on Blackhorse Fanns, plus 
who turned out the lights, and why. 

Opinions: The Guardian editorial evaluates the Warren 
Apanments situation, plus letters to the editor and the opinions 
column "The DueUst." 

Perspectives: A lengthy tour of Europe with an American Em 
Barrassed, or In Paris, and everywhere else. 

Spons: A stirring recap of last spring's "Dartboard Classic" (the 
annual AS-Guardian softball game), plus pan two of "An 
OlympiC Diary." 

Hiatus: A preview of UEO's upcoming season, a look at the 
critics' new favorite, REM, plus an expanded Goings On. 

COVER PHOTOGRAPH BY SEAN WAGSTAFF 

dollars in royalties. 
Products of biotechnology include a 

bacteriaUy produced form of human 
insulin, a hepatitis B vaccine, human 
interferon , a human growth honnone 
and a drug for treating emphysema and 
other conditions. 

o 
A very unusual thing happened to 

Cheryl Manblatt of Revelle College last 
week. She was using Krazy Glue resin, 
as many women do, to repair her 
fingernails; "I was holding it at arms 
length from my face , and I squeezed the 
tube. The nozzle was clogged and it 
came out from the side , right into my 
left eye ," said pre-AMES student 
Manblatl. Immediately, she closed her 
eye and was unable to open it again. At 
the hospital , the doctors told her that 
there did not exist any remedy for her 

eye, so she would have to wail for two 
to three days before it became unglued 
by itself. 

On the second day, Cheryl became 
somewhat anxious and began to remove 
the resin from her eyelashes. At aboUl .. 
am her eye opened. The next day, she 
visited the UCSD Health. Center to have 
her eye examined . It was diagnosed as 
perfecdy healthy. 

Apparendy, experiments halle been 
perfonned on rabbits and dolts, and 
they have not sUSlained eye damage 
either. Still , that infonnation and her 
experience causes Cheryl to be wary 
about fixing her fingernails. "I hallen'l 
used the SlUIl since; I'll probably let 
someone else do it while I tum away. I 
don't plan on using Krazy Glue in the 
near future ." 

-San W", & Edward ..... 

Thursday, Sepl. 20, 1984 3 

La Jollans rebel 

Blackhorse Farms put out to pasture 
By PHIL WILLON. Ntws Edllor 

I NA STRONG SHOW of suppon for the La Jolla community, the San Diego Ciry Council unanimously 
rejected the controversial Blackhorse 
Farms developmental project that was to 
be located on University propeny just 
west of Muir College. 

The complex, proposed by developers 
Sickles/ O'Brien, included residential, 
commercial and research areas adjacent 
to the exclusive La Jolla Farms 
neighborhood . The Council felt these 
facilities would put an undue strain of 
traffic on North lorrey Pines Road and 
on the area as a whole. 

The denial of the project was great 
news to the bus loads of residents who 
attended the Tuesday Council hearing 
to voice their oppositipn to the 
complex. Their main concern<; were me 
proposed commercial and research and 
development s ites. These would stray 
from the long-term plan of preselVing a 
low-density residential community. 

'Tm overjoyed," said Emmanuel 
Savitch , attorney for the residents 
against Blackhorse Farms, in a Los 
Angeles Times intelView. "They finally 
realized that this thing just doesn't fly 
the way it is. It's just a rape of the 
process. 1 think they finally saw that." 

that .will be included in the project. 
The greateSt controversy within the 

plans for the complex centers something 
which students would likely benefit from 
the most; a small shopping facility , 
including a farmer's market, would be a 
great advantage to students living on 

Assistant Viet CJ\tma~llor 

campus. rhe center would be within 
easy walking distance of both Muir and 
Third Colleges. 

"Commercial shops adjacent to our 
campus are in desperate need ," AS 
President Marc Boroditsky told the 
Mayor and City CouncIl. "UCSD is one 

of the few UC campuses that doesn't 
have the minimum accessible 
commercial selVlces." 

In opposi tion to this student 
convenience, Councilman Bill Mitchell 
spoke for the residents of the La Jolla 
Farms area , claiming that La Jolla Village 
Square was adequate enough to fulfill 
stud ents' needs. 

"I don't think (U CSD) needs thiS 
ce nter. They wam it, and there's a big 
differen e between needing and 
wanting," said Mitchell . "We can get 
along without tht thing; the UniverSity is 
not gomg to dry up and blow away if 
they don 't have it." 

The Council meeting was the 
finishing poi nt lo r twO years of 
attempted compromise between the 
residents and the developers. 
Sickles/O'Brien offered their final plan 
to the associations representing the 
community after the Council request 
that they do so in a previous hearing 
held three weeks ago. 

The develop~rs reduced the proposed 
commercial and research facilities by 
30% while decreaSing the densiry of the 
residential section below what local 
community g~oups recommended . But 
even this was not deemed adequate by 
the Ciry Council, which decided to SlOp 
playing around and deny the entire plan 
altogether. 

Some of the major players in this 

Although UCSD will be making S 1 
minion a year from the lease of the 
property to the developers regardless of 
what is built there , many believe that 
the University needs the high quality 
conference rooms and guest facilites O'Brien listen as tht San Diego City Council rejects their proposal. >C","lwe~ OW , .. ~ IS " 

Guardian 
is currently accepting appl1cations for the following 

posit1ons for the coming school year: 
-coPY' IDitOl: The true "editor" of 
the newspaper, this copy editor must 
read all copy for grammar and 
consistent style. The person must also 

scre~n out potentially libelous or 
tasteless materiaL.; Excellent 
grammatical skills are a must. 
Requires 20-25 hours per week. 
- ASSOCIATE ARTS EDI'tOa: This 
person assists the arts editor in the 
organization and production of the 
hiatus arts section. Previous editorial 
experience preferred but not 
required. 

-ILLUSTRATOR: Paid by the 
illustration, a Guardian illustrator 
must (a) lmow how to draw, and (b) 
be reliable; one without the other is 
nothing at all. When interviewing, 
please bring a portfolio. 
-PHOTOGRAPHER Again, reliability 
and skill go hand-in-hand. Previous 
experience preferred. 
-PASTE-UP AR't1ST: Responsible for 
pasting up copy and artwork and 
using a copy camera; previous 
experience in one or both skills is 
preferred. 

PelBOna Interested In any 01 these paid posiUonsshould ca1l452-3468 or 
come to the Guardian oHice (southeast 01 Revelle College) to allangean 
Interview. The dead11ne for applications for the two editorial poa1Uonsll 
Friday, september 21,3 pm. The other posiUons w111 be open through the 
ftDt full week 01 school. 

Also, a meeting for all prospective WItters wtll be held at 3 pm this 
Friday, Sept. 21, at the Guardian offices (southeast of Revelle). 



~ Thursday, Sept. 20, 198'1 

You can't fool (with) Mother Nature 
EDITOR'S NOTE: Yesterday, the Los Angeles Times ran a San Diego County 
feature story on the effects of the heat oj summer on San Diego. Although the 
Times devoted nearly 25 column-inches to this fascinating subject, it omitted a 
vital development: the delay of the Warren Apartments construction (yes. there 
is a correlation-see news story, page 7). We at the Guardian have the inside 
story, and (against our better judgment. perhaps) present the foUowing insight. 
WE WILL NOT BE SCOOPED! 

The good news: UCSD has a brand new apartment complex, housing 
more than 800 students. 

The bad news: UCSD does not have a brand new apartment complex, 
housing more than 800 students. 

Which is it? 
For the students living in Mesa Apartments pending relocation in 

November (optimistically), the news is bad. 

The good news: UCSD has a brand new apartment. 
complex, hOUSing more than 800 students. 

For those already moved into the new apanments, tbe news is good, 
except for some temporary inconveniences. 

For the University, both are, at best, half-truths. 
The current housing paradox exists because of a strange blend of 

realism, optimism and "acts of God." And since, as one famous 
cheapskate once noted, nothing is cerrain except death and taxes, it is 
no wonder that the inconvenient hOUSing situation at the Warren 
Apartments has developed. 

But who is at fault? To whom can we point and hurl accusations of 
incompetence? Face it, someone must have screwed up, right? 

Of course, you will decide for yourself, but picture the follOwing 
scenario: Mother Nature. that temperamental old bat, gives tc the UCSD 
planners a most glorious winter, nary a drop of rain. "Isn't this San 
Diego weather fantastic?" they ask naively. "If things keep up this way, 
we may be able to finish the new buildings in time to move in a new 
crop of students." 

Then, doing her besUohn Belushi imitation ("But noooo ... ") the 
Goddess of Construction changes a picture-perfect winter. into an 

equally productive spring. only to follow it with (brace yourselO a humid 
summer. Now, the missing moisture of the previous two seasons 
intrudes on the consnuction schedule, an unwanted visitor here to stay 
for summer vacation. 

The planners, escaping the oppressive heat and humidity on the 
nearby La Jolla shores, begin to worry. What if the confounded we mess 
coiltinues to hang in the air, funher delaying construction? No 
problem-thiS is San Diego, remember? 

Apparendy, Mother Nature has forgotten, or is simply playing a cruel 
joke on America's Finest Citizens, sending some old-fashioned East 
Coast sticky summer to America's Finest City. 

By mid-August, optimistic predictions begin to flee like UCSD 
students to the Rodeo on a Thursday evening. Swallowing their 
collective pride (and a few Exaa-Strength Tylenol), the planners are 
forced to concede their position: The apartments will not be finished in 
time. Realism has reared its ugly head. 

Notices are sent to the future Warren residents: explaining the 
.unfortunate tum of events. giving them the opponunity to gracefully 
abandon their housing conaacts. With only two weeks before Day One, 
the troops remain nobly at the front, detennined to see the battle 
through to the end. 

The bad news: UCSD does not have a brand new 
apartment complex, hOUSing more than 800 students. 

The battle in question may be nothing more than a minor skinnish, 
the worst casualty, some hurt feelings and stepped-on toes. As in a real 
war, the participants will have to make the best of their situation; 
keeping the "housing dilemma" in proper perspective-it is only 
temporary, and many students at large universities are in worse hOUSing 
predicaments. In the end, everyone will be seen to, with a relatively 
minor amount of inconvenience if they can "grin and bear it." 

Regarding the culprit of the delay, the unusual humidity, one is 
reminded to temper optimism with realism. Or, to mix a metaphor, 
"Don't put the students before me apartments." 

And remember. You can't fool Mother Nature .... 

II <eilit<eIT'~ll cellitcelf~ll ®ilit®IT'~ll ®ilitCE;lf~n ®ilit<elf~ll<eilitceIT'~ncetttt®lf$ll ceilit<eIT' ~llceilit<err$ll<efdt<elf$ll<eilit<elr$ll<e 
tt<elf~lettersnceilit®lf~n~ilitceIT'~ll~ttft®lf~nceftfr<elr~llceilit<elr~ncefdtcelf~nceftftceIT'~llcefdt<elr$ll<efdtcelr$llceilitce 

IT'~ll®fctt~lf~ll®ilit®IT'~ll®ftft®IT'~ll®ftfr®IT'~ll®frfrceIT'~ll®ftttceIT'~llcefdt®IT'$llceilit®IT'$llceilit<eIT'$ll<eilit<eIT'$ll<eilit<err 
ll®ilit®IT'~llCE;ldt®lf~n®frft®lf~llcefrfr®lf~ll®frfr®IT'~ll®ilit®IT'~llcellit<eIT'~ll®ilit<eIT'~llceftftceIT'llcefrttcelf$llceftftcell"llceft 
And In Again 
Editor: 

We agree whole-heanedly with Roben 
Leone that "it is obvious that the Sun 
God Festival is a winner. and it should 
remain a yearly event at UCSO" ("In 
One Year, Out the Other." Sept. 17 
issue) but it is a shame that such 
accurate facts must come at the 
conclusion of a completely misinformed 
and inaccurate anicle. Please allow us to 
indulge ourselves in making the 
following corrections so that Leone can 
lay his false rumors to sleep. 

The Sun God Festival (SGF) is a 
multi-faceted. multi-cultural campus-
wide carnival sponsored by the 
Associated Students and Campus 
Recreation in conjunction with any 
student organization and/or academic 
depanment that wishes to panicipate. 
The ten percent Leone referred to as the 
"AS cut" was a very minimal fee used to 
try and recover some of our costs. This 
year funding will be structured 
dlfferendy. hoping to realize our goal of 
donating money to a specific charity. 

It is not true that "after-the-event 
rental charges were assessed." All groups 
were informed prior to the event that 
charges for tables. chairs and electricity 
would be passed on to the appropriate 
groups. ahhough these c harges were 
never actually assessed. In addition , the 

Student Center does not own the tables 
and chairs. which had to be rented 
through the Campus Facilities 
Management OlTice. As for the 
accusation that food booths did not 
comply with Health and Safety codes. 
we have no idea as w where this fallacy 
arose. The Health and Safety office was 
present and supervised the construCtion 
of the food stands, and obviously 
allowed all of the food booths to remain 
open all day. 

Yes. the members of the Sun God 
Festival Committee were given 
complementary tickets for use at aU 
game and food booths to which all 
organizations were wid prior to the 
event these tickets had no monetary 
value and were to be ripped and 
discarded. The SGFC worked long and 
hard hours aU year long. without pay. 
and the twO dollars or so in free tickets 
(each) was a far too small amount to be 
awarded . Also , due (0 the srrrall size of 
the committee many. if not aU, of the 
comminee members worked all day 
without any decent breaks and therefore 
rarely even used up their tickets. 

It was acknowledged from the very 
stan that the SGF might not break even 
or come close in its first year, but it was 
worth the expense 10 imtiate a 
wonderful . fun. social tradition that our 
campus needs. NOt all functions of this 
school are initiated to earn a profit or 

break even but they are instituted to 
provide wide and diverse entertainment 
for the student body. Yes, there are 
leftover prizes of aU sorts which we 
intentionaUy over-ordered to get volume 
discounts, with the leftovers to be used 
this year. The SlUdent organizations did 
not "make out like bandits"; although 
some did make smaU amounts over their 
costs. many lost money, which will be 
rectified this year. 

Yes. the SGF is a welcomed tradition 
at UCSD, and as we ha~ been (Old 
numerous times, "one of the best events 
UCSD has ever had: far surpassing the 
watermelon toss, bagpipers at Muir 
graduation and alterations to UCSO's 
controversial landmark. Perhaps next 
time Mr. Leone wiU check his facts with 
a second source. preferably the 
sponsoring organization, like any. 
responsible journalist does. 

AS Input 

Susan uwls 
Sun God festival Director 

Marc Boroditsky 
AS President 

To the students of UCSD: 
Welcome to UCSD, where books have 

a tendency to coUide with the beach. 
and student involvement is going to be 
like a sunny day. Read on to learn about 

the ASUCSD Advar.ce and the exciting 
things the 1984-85 AS has in store for 
you! 

last year marked the highest voter 
turnout in a student election in the 
history of UCSO. and we are dedicated 
to preserving this high level of student 

invol~ment. We plan to increase 
student participation and awareness 
until we blow this place wide open. To 
do this, as usual. we need your help and 
input. The quality and success of any 
program is direcdy related to the 
amount of input students give us. 

With your support we are direcdy 
working toward a broad range of 
programs to enrich the quality of 
student life. For example, we have 
planned IS (count 'em) TGIFs (Thank 
God It's Friday celebratiOns), including a 
special kick-off TG featuring the Mar 
Dels on October 5. The Fall Festival on 
the Green (FFOG) will also be held the 
same day to provide you with a fun-
filled day of food, entertainment and 
information from student organizations. 
academic depanments and campus 
recreation. If you can't wait till October 
5, a BGIF (Blue and Gold h's Friday) 
spirit niltht for our top-ranked women's 
volleyba[ team. with a picnic on the 
hump and a blues band. will take place 
September 28. 

>CIHT""".~ ON'M' ,, > 

Thursday, Sepl. 20. J 984 5 

~ The Duelist 
On guard: an· invitation to battle 
By CHRISTOPHER CANOLE, Staff Writer 

I challenge you to a duel. 
Not to first blood or to the death . 

Rather than seek the spiUing of your 
opponent's blood. do you have the 
character and courage to give of your 
own blood toward the survival and 
rejl.\venation of UCSD? 

During the last two years. UCSD has 
mimicked the trends of recent national 
politics and a period in French history 
when opponents obseSSively challenged 

. each other to duels for no reason other 
than to see their adversaries suffer 
defeat in the public's eye. 

Petty squabbles broke out over a slip 
of the tongue that threatened nOt one's 
life but his rhetoric or public image. 
QUickly sabers flashed . swords crossing 
in mona I combat. The fervor of the 
confrontation blinded these self-
proclaimed righteous swordsmen to the 
fact that they were fellow countrymen. 
upon whom the nation depended for its 
survival. 

UCSD is a nation of students. 
During the reign of Louis' XIV. the 

bloody stains of dueling soiled every 
level of French civilization. The king 
attempted to thwan this frivolous waste 
of talent by banning dueling from 
sunrise to sunset. 

Some saw the light in their darkness. 
They understood the purpose of the 
king's proclamation. It is natural for 
fellow countrymen to disagree over 
minor points; this stren~ened the 
COUntry for more major bath.: fought in 
the outside world. Minor victories might · 
bring praise and recbgnition, but losses 

created vindictive retaliations nowhere 
near proponional to the original 
differences of opinion. 

Some continued kindling hatred in 
their own darkness , on the premise that 
their cause was above all others'. These 
renegades developed an en guard 
pOSition for night fighting: Poising their 
back arms in a scorpion-like position. 
they held lamps to guide their poisoned 
strike against all whom they did not 
like, and often did not know. 

In the dim light of these nocturnal 
bouts. the combatants paid litde 
attention to innocent bystanders being 
slain by random slashes of the blade. 
Killing of innocents was nOt a 
punishable offense. for it was reasoned 
that anyone who tluill~d 10 the 

bloodshed of others was considered a 
panicipant. no matter how verbally they 
protested their abhorrence of violence. 

One need nOt have studied French 
history to have a sense of familiarity 
with dueling. The past few years of 
cunning verbal attacks between 
opposing students and rival 
organizations have cut deep into the 
body of UCSD. but to what purpose? 
How can one develop pride in UCSD 
while lashing OUt against anything thilt 
does not suit his fancy? 

Last year. rusty swords were drawn by 
many to defend the need for a 
University Center. But the same swords 
began cutting both ways when the 
proposals created to fit the needs of the 

. many did not satiate the desires of the 

1 

few. 
And those who recognized the pen's 

power over the sword often pubhshed 
innuendo rather than information to 
rally more renegades to their righteous 
rhetoric . Had they studied the eagle's 
flight they would have realized that 
UCSD cannot take flight into higher 
levels of scholarship and spirit unless 
both left and right wings begi n some 
form o f coordination of effon. 

History has shown that regal 
restrictions and demands for 
cooperation have little effect on the 
actions of those who think they know 
what is best for all . What we need is a 
noble voluntary commitment of mind . 
sp irit and community from aU students 
to draw our swords against those who 
seek to rule UCSD for their own 
personal gain. 

Then the occasional duels that occur 
over imponant issues will be foug ht only 
to first blood. In this way the victor's 
point will indicate the weakness in an 
idea, proposal or program without 
destroying the overall benefit to the 
UCSD student body. 

And when skirmishes erupt between 
two fanatic foes. their dogmatiC fervor 
will not attract the attention they seek. 
For as the body, UCSO gains in 
personal strength and heals old scars; 
those who seek to open old wounds or 
entice others into battle will find no 
foolish foes responding to pointless 
provocation. 

' . 

Chancellor and Mrs. Richard C. Atkinson 
AND 

Associated Students President Marc Boroditsky 
REQUEST YOUR PRESENCE AT A 

Welcoming Reception 
honoring the Class of 1988 

and all new students 
Sunday, September 23, 1984 

University House 
9630 La Jolla Farms Road 

Muir College ........ 3:00 p.m.-4:00 p.m. 
Third College ....... 3:00 p.m.-4:00 p.m. 

Revelle College ..... .. 4: 15 p.m.-5: 15 p.m. 
Warren College ...... 4: 15 p.m.-5: 15 p.m. 



6 Tllw Jay, cpt. 20, 198'1 

~<e1t1t~lf~n~1t1tceli~llcellit~1 
1tceli~letterSn~llitceli~n( )CDUn.,,,. NIW\ "*' 'I > 

Hopefully you will enjoy these events 
and want to help plan some of them. Or 
maybe you're interested in improving 
the student communication system on 
campus, being part of a large winter 
fund raiser, figh ting for student needs, 
registering students to vote during 
Women's VOler Registration Week (Sept. 
24-29), or lobbying the stale legislature 

in a ramento. All this and much, much 
more is offered by the AS. 

To make gening involved simple, just 
pick up the ASUCSD Advance (available 
where aU good scratch paper is sold), 
read it, and see how fun getting 
involved can be. We are located in the 
Student Center, so StOP by and say 
hello, give us your ideas, and C;ET 
INVOLVED. 

See you soon! 
Marc Boroditsky 

AS P1aident 
Mary Rose Alexander 

AS Vice President 

Get It On Paper 
Guardian Opinions Section Submissions Must: 

be double-spGCal on a 72-chanlCkr line; 
have the aulhor's name and phone number; , 
be sent or delivered to UCSD Guardian Opinions Editor. 8-016, 
UCSD. fA JoBa, CA 92093, 

Commenlary pieces should be three to five pages long, focusing on a clear 
thesis. 
Letters to the editor should be in response to a previous letter or Guardian 
article, or may cover any topic of general interest to the UCSD community. 

Co atulations, 
San Diego. - . 

Your ravenous appetIte 
and unyieldi good taste 

have earne you your 
very own Baxter's. 

Baxter's is a new restaurant built on the 
old principle that the customer is always 
hungry. FOr pizza, pasta, burgers, omelettes. 
Or salads and sandwiches. Or bi~er-than­
life-sized desserts. And while we re at it, 
thirsty, too. 

So come celebrate our grand 
opening week, starting Thursday, 

September 20th. 
Thursday-Every burger comes with a 
drink. And every Prime Rib order comes 
with a glass of wine. 
Friday and Saturday-Always party 
nights at Baxter's. 
Sunday-Long Island Iced Teas are only 
$1.95. And any burger order comes with a 
Long Island Iced Tea. 
Monday-Ring in Super Mondays. Watch 
football on our multiple monitors while you 
eat. (Ask about our Super Mondays Club.) 
Or get all the beef ribs you can eat for $7.95. 

Tequila Tuesday-Every margarita 
comes with a shot on the side. And 
every Tostada comes with a double 
margarita. 

Wednesday-A slice of pizza and a draft 
is only $1.50. And when you order a whole 
pizza, a draft is included. 

And at our EI Cajon location, every order 
of Fettucine Bolognese comes with a glass 
of wine. 

This isn't just to impress you. These 
specials run every week. 

Remember, Baxter's is open when you're 
hungriest. From 11 A.M. to 11 P. M. daily. 
Sunday Brunch from 10 A.M. till 3 P. M. 
Happy hours: Monday through Friday 
from 4 to 7 P.M. 

And there's live entertainment nightly 
from 9:30 P. M. to 1:30 A.M. 

5404 Balboa Avenue, San Diego, 277-8814 
1025 Fletcher Parkway, EI Cajon, 442-9271 

Thursday, Stpr. 20. J 984 7 

Unfinished Warren Aparunents 
create confusion among students 
By SEAN WAGSTAFF, Associate News Editor 

W HOEVER SAID that "two'S company, three's a crowd" could sympathize with 
several hundred Warren students right 
now. In a case of backfired but 
apparently good intentions, apartments 
that were designed and built to house 
four or fewer students are now holding 
£iv\:!, and will continue to do so until 
some time in November. 

While most of the students 
inconvenienced are not feeling tOO put 
out by gening crammed 10 , others, 
particularly freshmen, are beginning to 
wonder if leaving the nest was such a 
good idea after all. 

on its way to a September completion , 
and the students were informed of their 
new housing for fall . In June, however, 
the project suffered from what 
contractors referred to as an "act of 
God." 

.- San Diego's normally dry weather 
became extremely humid , and the 
moisture prevented dry wall, acoustic 
coatings and paint from drying. The 

:t delays, multiplied by 2S0 units , c reated 
f a tremendous time lag. 
":' By August the project had been lost, 
.r _ and it was determined that th e 
'1 apartments wQUld not be finished in 
-. time for school. "We made every effort ," 
i Booker said. "The nag wasn't raised until 
,1. ea rly August." 

l-... Out of desperation, the U niversiry 
-I:i ~ requested that construction be 
-e concentrated on half of the project so 
'l that at least some of the apartments 

would be ready by fall . 

The interest rates in 1983 were low; 
so low that the UC Regents approved a 
badly needed $14.2 million housing 
project that would provide 2SS 
apartments, or "units." Each unit would 
accommodate four people, and the 
apartments would become Warren 
College's only real on-campus housing 
complex. Studtnts grin and btar it within cramped quarters at the Warnn Apartments. 

A memo dated August 22 was sent to 
all of the students slated to live in the 
new complex, stating that they would 
have an extra roommate as a "temporary 
inconvenience." Ac~ording to Warren 
College Dean Harriet Marsh, students 
were given the opportunity to back out 
of their contracts without penalty at the 
time . 

The contract between the University 
and Turnkey Design &: ConstruCtion 
called for completion of the project by 
December of this year. 

The planning and initial phases of 
construction proceeded without 
incident; in fact, the winter was 
extremely mild and allowed construction 
to get substantially ahead of schedule. 
Turnkey was confident enough to 
predict that the project could be 
completed by September. The University · 
was delighted at the prospect of having 

the new complex ready by the start of 
the school year, and asked Turnkey to 
step up the production schedule 
accordingly. 

Althou~ no contracts were revised as 
a result 01 the request for a stepped-up 
schedule, according to project director 
of construction, Bob Booker, "We said 

~ would make every effort to complete 
by September." Though the University 
had an informal commitment to have 
the apartments ready by September, the 

Computer Users: 

official deadline for completion 
remained December. 

According to Booker, employees 
worked overtime, and the schedule was 

accele~ted at the company's expense, 
which totaled in excess of $500,000. 

.According to larry Barren, director of 
Housing and Food Services, the 
contractors were "the most cooperative 
group you would ever want to work 
with: 

By spring the project appeared to be 

Originally it was hoped that all of the 
incoming Warren freshmen could be 
accommodated in the completed new 
apartments, with the remaining students 

) (",,11M1.b or.J 'lib' '1 '\. 

Is Jr misbehaving? 

At the end of the Rainbow? 

Ready to hit 
the DEC? 

Is your Apple more 
like a lemon? 

tk~G::3 
At ': .. 8,9, 101" 

with 1-2 - 3? 



The Guardian 
wants YOU 

earn t: 
UCSD UPW ARD BOUND. STUDENT CENTER B(SECOND FLOOR) 

-'52-4250 

to become a writer, typesetter, paste-up 
worker, illustrator or photographer for the 
largest medium on campus. Call 452-3468 
for details. 

NEW ANTHROPOLOGY COURSES 
The AnthropolO1Y Department baa lidded TWO NEW 

COURSES ainee pre"reP'tudon lut ..,rin&! 
AN 138: Dreaminc {TOm " Crou..cult1mal Penpmiw 
MWF 1:00,1:50, H&SS 2305, Course Code: 1475 
lnsttuctor: DR. YORAM BILU, Depamnents of PsycholOlY and 
AnthropolOlY/Sociology, Hebrew Univeraity of Jerusalem' 
AN 170: BiopaIJh" U{e Hiltory "nd c.dture 
Tfh 4:00-5:20, EXT 141, Courae Code: 1074 . 
Instructor: DR. DAVID L1PSET, Department of AnthropolOlY, 
UCSD 

for coone delcripdona and further information. 
pleue 10 to the AntbropoiotY Department Office, 

H&.SS 8009 01' telephOilc 4S~1"'. 

.......... e .. ".' ..... 0. ....... 

• 

kI ~ .Johonn HIItingtK 01 AuI*ta waIIc«I 
011 his hands from ~ 10 PaIiIIn 56 dOHy 

"·hour sItIIs. ~ a dWotlCe 01871 miles 
Ala, long dlllailCe wIN handI down when 

It cornel to IInrnedIcIM CMdIt tor 
1l1COIYIP1 ... call and wwang nurnbeII. 

wmners. 
Longat ..". Rsee 

The longest one-day "mcJSIfId start" ract1 is the 551-620 /em 
(J42.~ miIM) 8o«Ieavx-Patis ewnt In mt 
Herman ~ SpringeI C1WIIDg8d 41136 /cmIhr (29.32 mph) 
covering 5lU.5 /em (3624 miles) In fJ lie J5 min. 18 sec. 
AT" long dIstaI~ ... the good twneI roll tor you. too 

-with dtIcounII of up to 60% ~ day. 

Nobody can match ATaT for aaYri1gI and MHVIce: 
• .0% discounts evenings. 60% dilcounll ~ and weekendI. 
• immediate credit for Incomplete colla and wrong runbers. 
• Coils from anywhere to anywheN, anytime. 
• 24-hour operator~. 
• Quality that IOWldI as dole as next dool 
It's a wlming combination. Why ..me for .... 1 

For details on exciting new plans-Ideal 'or studenfl-
visit the display In the UnNerslty Bookstore. 

The meN you hear 
the bett.r w. sound.'"' 

UIII"ERSITY BlialiSTUIlE 
COMPUTER CENTER 

452-4291 

AUG.20 SEPT 30 
ART AND DRAFrlNG 

MATERIALS· 

.H.q.1)aHkls £0. 
1844 INDIA 232~1 

ACIIOSI ... 
I LSAI • VAl I NUB , GIlt PSYCH 
l GMAI II IOIH l \1lf \I CAt 810 
3 GRF 11 SSAI lEOM, 11 ACHlrV[M[~I ~ 
• ""CAl 11 PSAI • fLEX 12 lIuRSI~G IIO~ 
S IJAI 
'''''AI 
1 PCAI 
• IICAI 

13 \ AI 5 N08 Il~PI\ 
I. ALI , NP8 1 ,. SPHU RI ,w,NI , 
15 M~KP 7 NCB I "ESt REVIIW 

ICGIN~ 1I1111RO In 
lAW!;cHIJOI 

EDUCAT10NAl CENTER 
I tt'I'_lv' • \II' " A Wo>i"' "'''l' 

Son Diego Center 
2180 Gamet Ave., Suite 2D 
Pociflc Beach 92109 

(619)2~10 ' 
M.L McNulty, Administrator 

I hUrs<iuy, Sept 20, J 9tH 9 

Literature Department 
. The Uterature Department at TCHB 110 offen a wide 

variety of lervica indudinl the proceuinl of all ltudent 
fonna, addIdrop carda, and adruinl on majon and minora. 

Undeapaduate Office: TCHB 110. Graduate Offiee: TeHD 103 

Ut/Cb ISO, LitlGea ISO 
MMun a.~ Nowf 
Lee A. MWF, 1:00-1:50. APM Z102, au-« Z464,.GeneraI «Z.575 
Ia.enxtor. wuu- T.y " ' , 
A survey of thr majlx novdiMs of the modmt 191~J this course will focus 
on thr works by Pa G.in, Lao She. MIlO Dun. Chuna-shu, Hsiao 
Hunc and Eiken <;:hInt. The ..,..0Kh will _ socio-cultural. 

. ~. r 
II 

~ngIish/Rmerican 
Ua/Ea 143 
ne &:ati+ NMIda s.A- m" Cal"" 
1..- A MWP Iz.oo.lZdO APM ZZSO a:2t96 
..... iKbiI. N.acy ,.. we 
This oounc will inV&tie* IOIIIC of thr _,.awes which hdpcd to produce the modem 
individual Students IhaII ser how novda by ~, RKhardaon. Fieldins, Radcliffe, 
Wailltuo«lIdt, .d AUIUI'I develop ....... for the Idf. Scuden .. willser how this 
....... ClIXZ prorids a _ &bIr of oritPna for thr individuailDd chana ~ way. of 
inueiniDl our rdationIhip to. political raIity . 
UtIEa 149 
n-- ill ~.." A--.. Lita "In: ne w--. a.. in EnPUIt 
FicsiGa 
Lee A MWF 10I00-10r.S0 USB 4OSOA a:Z497 
Ia.enxtor. J)ge.W W-.. 
Anotha- tide for the munc milht be 'The Imaee of Laboring People in English Fiction" -
• the penoa to be rovucd is from Dickma to thr pnRIlt day in rcvene chronolotPcal 
OI'der. T_ will include: Alan ~. Lortdirta.s of ~ !.on« IJi.suJna Runner, D.H. 
I..awrena'. Sotu and L-rsThomas Hardy'.}wIe ~ Obram: &. Oa.rlca Dickens' Hard 
TiwIes. 

Ut/En 173 
Oripu .... Dt:wfutH-- ofdw A~ Nowl 
Lee A TIb 100000011:1O TI.H 109 a:2.5OO 

~ Paul Dnuuul 
lbe novda to be read in this rounr .. e Bn>wn's Wieland, Cooper's The Prairie, 
Hawthorne'. The Scurlct lAter, Mdvilk'. ~ Confidena Man. Stowe's Unde Tom's CAbin, 
Junes' fomait of a Lady lind Twain'. ~ of HvcIclebm, Fiml. There will be an 
emph.ia 011 thr reIabOIIl:wucu. fiction and American hiaory. especially the frontier. 
Wedcly qUa-. • ahomr .xl. ~ JIIIIlCr, .nd. final. 

--

Lit/ Gen 138 
Contemporary CaribbeGn Literature: ''The &arch for Deep Root. on Depleted 
l..4ndKc&pa" 
Lee A MWF 11:00·11:50 HSS 21SZ ee2S71 
Inatructor: Robert Cancel 
This course is an investigation of the thematic concerns of English-speaking Caribbean 
writers over the last fifty years, fOCUSing on the attempts to reveal and celebrate the human 
and environmental qualities which comprise the West Indian cultural environment. 
Novels, poetry and drama will provide the primary data for this search, with a few 
supplementary readings on history and culture supplying contextual background. 

Lit/Gen 141. LitlRUS5 lil 
Scwid Limanne in T,_lGcion 
Lee A MWF 11:00-11:50 USB 4OSOA General «Z57Z Ruuian ccZ671 
Iaetnxton Git. N.veh 
This COUrK will be offered in Enslish and will be available to all students in Literature, 
SocioIoeY, History and Political Seience, as well as other rel.ted disciplines. In this course 
atudenca will be !liven ample opportunity to investigate major Soviet literary trends from 
thr betP .... ina to modem day. Amana the authon examined there will be two Nobel Prize 
winnen who have demonatr.ed the dynamic usefulness of the- Rusaian literary mind. 
There 11ft no prerequisites . 

Uc/GeaI44 
SpaniM r itr-1IItIa'e in T,..sI.aCM: Golden Ale Dr_ 
Lee A TI'h laJO.3:SO 11.H 109 cc2573 
IDItnICCon Mupc P.-k 
This course will focus on the Spanish theater of the seventeenth cenrrury. The art of the 
comcdiainitiated by Lope de Vega. continued by his disciples, and further elaborated by 
Calderon de 1. Barca, will be studied as a social and a literary phenomenon. Students will 
read and analYJe five plays in firat-rate Enalish translations: Lope de Vega's Peribanet and 
Tile Kniglv from Olmedo, TiRO de Molina's Tile Tridurer of &\Idle (the don Juan play), 
Caldcron de la Barca's Tile s.n-geon 0( his Honour and The Phantom Lady. Two papers and a 
final exam will be required . 

Uc/Gcft 15. 
Women and Liurcacure: ConjYonuKioru between Men and W~ in Literature 
Lee A MWF 10:00-1o-.s0 HSS 1128 eeZ578 

~ou.N8Veb 

various ~nres: 
David); and 
picture book 
Thingl Are), 

This course will .. opened 
up by recent films that 
appeared between 1960 first came to 
prominence in that period. Students be readina novels by John Brunner, Philip K. 
Dick, Ursula LeGuin, Joe Haldeman, Greg Benford, and Russian authors Arkady and 
Boris Struptsky in the context of contemporary trends in science fiction, In addition, we 
will view films such as : Lucas' TH'X 1138, Scott's Blade Runner, and A Buy and Hi! Dog. 

Ut/Gen 170 
Fiaion B FUm: Viliotu ofdw Modem American DreGm 
Lee A Tb 7.oO:9iSO" 
HSS 1330 «1.580 
lnacruc:tor: &ne.c Lanon 
This course will chart the social and psychic depths of the American Dream in American 
fiction and film from the forties to the eighties, from Joseph H. Lewis' Gun Crazy, the 
deliriously passionate version of the Bonnie and Clyde story, to this year's Pulitzer Prize 
winning novelist William Kennedy'sl..egs, I corrosive examination of American life from 
the skewed perspective of the Prohibition gangster, Legs Diamond. Stops along the way 
will probably include Nabokov's Lolita, Mailer's An American Dream, as well as novels by 
Chandler, Didion, Kerouac, and Hemingway. The problematic nature of Hollywood film 
adaptations of literary texts will be a central focus . 

Fan Coune Descriptions and a Iiltina 
of 1984-85 Course Offerings 

iI available at TCHB 110. 



10 Thursday, pl. 20, 1984 
NEe..iS 

Blackout shuts down campus 
By EDWARD ISRAEL 

On Monday of this week, the 
electricity coming from the Rose Canyon 
plant suddenly ceased. At 1:50 pm, the 
entire campus was left without e1ecrrical 
power and most building had their 
telephone communication cut off. The 
loss of power caused great disruption in 
this , the first week of the fall quarter, as 
most students and staff were busy 
finaliZing their obligations before the 
commencement of classes today. 

At the Registrar's Office, the lack of 
electricity shut down the computer 
terminals. As a result , approximately 100 
students who had been waiting for 
course changes at the add/ drop 
terminals were forced to wait an 
additional twO days for their requests. It 
was thought at one point during the 
blackout that the entire day's worth of 
computer entries was lost. Later, 

however, it was confirmed that the 
computer memories retained their 
entries during the failure. 

The UCSD bookstore had, at the time 
of the failure , a peak capacity crowd 
present. "The registers were kept open 
by hand writing receipts using hand-
held calculators," said Betty Sadleir, the 
Bookstore's merchandise manager. The 
confusion was held down (0 a minimum 
throughout the afternoon by means of a 
temporarily adopted policy of crowd 
control; the number of shoppers that 
exited from the store equaled the 
number that were permitted to enter. 
"We really do appreciate the student's 
patience, considering it was hot and 
humid : said Sadleir, reflecting on the 
size of the line waiting to enter the 
bookstore. 

The consequence of the loss of power 

at the Bookstore, however, was not only 
the longer Ii nes, but also an arduous 
task for Bookstore employees. "We 
opened at 7 instead of 8 am in order to 
ring in all of the receipts from the 
previous afternoon . The workload was 
tremendous," said Sadleir. In addition, 
the manually completed receipts that 
afternoon contained some errors. ' Some 
human error was involved. We'd like 
students to go over their bills and , if 
there is a discrepancy, to get in touch 
with us," Sadleir said. 

Another busy area of the campus that 
was stricken by the failure was the 
Central Cashier's Office. Many students, 
after waiting over an hour in a line that 
stretched to the police department 
building in order to make payments for 
tuition fees, were forced to return the 
next day. "This is the third time I've 

Great Western 
• 

StuaentLoan: 

Loan. 
Anywhere you go for a California Guaranteed Student Loan, you'll get a low interest 

rate and a long time to pay it back. 
But with Great Western Savings, you'll get something more: Fast Service. You1l get 

an answer within 15 days. And, because Great Western is a major California lender, you 
get your money fast. You can even get a loan from Great Western if you already have a 
student loan with another lender from a previous academic year. 

Not only does Great Western lend to California residents attending schools in and 
out-of-state, we lend to non-residents attending California schools, also freshmen and 
half-time students. 

You can borrow up to $2,500 a year if you are an undergraduate, and up to $5,000 
for graduate study. The low interest rates mean comfortable monthly payments during 
the first few years after school when money may be tight. You can pay nothing while 
you're in school, and when you finish there is a grace period before your payments begin. 

It's easy to apply for a student loan with Great Western Savings. Fill out the forms 
at your friendly Financial Aid Office, and send your application to the address below, 

You can get a Guaranteed Student Loan from other lenders, but with Great Western, 
you get guaranteed fast service, 

GREAT WESTERN SAVINGS, Student Loan Department, 
P.O. Box 1050, Northridge, CA 91328 

GlEAT WESTERN SAVINGS 
l§!!!j. 

A Federal Savings and Loan Association 

A new bmnd of bankinlJ 

• _ • of 

stood in line today-a waste 01 40 
minutes," said Third College student 
Cindy Carver as she waited to pay fees. 

The campus radio staton, KSDT, was 
also affected by the power outage. "The 
records went off the air, the lights went 
off, and so did the air conditioning. We 
closed the door quickly so it wouldn't 
get warm," said Co-Music Director Jill 
Pearson. "We were a bit disappointed 
that we couldn't broadcast, but this 
place became quite a social gathering 
because it was so cool in here," she 
noted. KSDT resumed its broadcasting 
shonty after power was restored on 
Monday afternoon. 

Although the power failure caused a sig-
nificant disruption on campus, the 
students were, for the most pan, coopera-
tm, patient and undemanding: a true tes-
timonial to the students of UCSD. 

SA LE 
AUG.20 SEPT 30 

ART AND DRAFTING 
MATERIALS 

H. g.1)~1s (b. 
1844 INDIA 232-660 1 

If~Mw 
_ dlarrhea that 

began within the last 48 hrs and 
waukt like 110 pIIrtIdpMe In an 

I~I drug SIUdy at the 
V.A. Hospital call Cheryl 
."""" or Stew PandoI M.D. 
,453-7500, eJCt 3284 for mote 
Info. Upon completion of the 
~,au wW. receM 125. 

8US1NasAND 
DCHNICAL MAJORS 

Highly responsI~ positions for 
college seniors and graduates 
(through age 341 In financial 
and logistic support The Navy 
SUpply Corps needs highly 
qualfled. c¥lamic indMduaG 
to lead and manage I~ 
irwentory and fInandaI 
networks. Salary 51&500 to 
start. 534.000 ftr 4~. 
ExallCnt benefits package. 
Need BA.I1Is. u. s. dttzenshIp. 
c.l1 ....... Me-z ...... 
Pup_. 29M'''', 
Man tllJpd '1 ... tpIII. 

Just when you thought we were' just 
a bunch of mild-mannered reporters ... 

If you think you've got potential, and you'd like to fight 
for Truth.Justice and the American Way, boy have we got 
a job for you! 

WRITE NEWS 
FOR 

THE GUARDIAN 
Come ro our new writers' . meeting this Friday at 3 pm in the 

newly refurbished Guardian office, adjacent to the Che Cafe. 

Thursday, Sept .20, 1984 II 

ARE. YOU INTERESTED 
IN THIRD WORLD POLI-
TICAL, ECONOMIC, AND 
CULTURAL ISSUES? 

Third World Studies offers an 
Interdisciplinary Major allowing you to study 
History, literature, Political Science, Philosophy, 
Sociology, Music, etc., of the Third World. 

Contact 1WS Office at TCHB 121 or call 
452-3276 for more infonnation. 

IWS Fall 1984 Courses: 
The Jollowing courvs will satisJY rtqummtnts Jor majors and 

minors in the Third World Studies Program. 

History 159Q CoIl. on Afro-American History 
History 1..oA Colonial Latin Amcrica 
History 14M History of Mexico 
History 181A History of Chinese Thought and Soc. 
History 186 Modern Chinese Revolution 
tit/Eng I8lA nn.. tYro-American LitrnJturt 
tit/Gen 138 Contemporary Caribbtan Lit. 
tit/Gen ISO ModmJ Chinese NOvtI 
tit/Span 135 Mtxican Lluraturt 
tit/Span 140 Spanish American NOvtI 
Socidogy 184 Soc. Evolution &- Eeo,. . Dewl. 
Sociology 188D lAtin Amicrica - Soc. &> Politics 
TWS 159A Afro-American History 
TWS l75A HistoryIAfrica-l880 
TEP I94A Bilingual Models 

• 
WarreD GrID: 

At Warren College featuring: 
Temporary DeD: 

(temporarily at "Why Not Here?") 
at Revelle Campus 

Mon-Fri 7:30am-2:00pm 
Mon-TIturs 7:30am -3:00pm 
Friday 7:30am-2:00pm 

....... a Muaeh Box 
at Third College :\~ 
La Cas a \~ 
Mon-TIturs 7:15am-3:00pm ~~ 
Friday 7:15am-2:00pm 
ManehBox 
Mon & Wed 9:00am-6:00pm I 
Tues & Thurs 9:00am-7:00plll : 
Friday 9:00am -4:3Opnl . 

Serlpps Soaek Bar: ~15 
atSIO 
Mon-Fri 7:30am-4:00pm 

A DIning fu ODS at 

Oub ·Med: 
at S.OM. 

Mon-Frl 7:00am-2:30pm 

The RathskeUer: 
at Muir College 

Mon-1hurs 7:30am-8:00pm 
Friday 7:30am-3:00pm 

Sat & Sun 11:OOam-4:OOpm 
*Regular hours 

listed effective 
Sept. 17, 1984 
~--------------------I 

M •• I. - Revelle ~ Wa.·.sen I I I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

Coupon good for 
1 small soft drink 

Try Us - YonlI Uke Us! with any fifty cent pu.rchase. wupongood until Oct. 15,1984. 



Warren 
Aparunents 
) CIUM". fW\ PMPC 7 > 
being moved to Mesa However, once it 
became apparem that only twO of the 
four buildings would not provide 
enough space, some of the freshmen 
were transfered to Mesa. 

deSigned for four. In every second 
bedroom, each Ihe size of a standard 
dorm room, twO beds arc bunked wllh a 
thml on th e floor. There is an extra 
de k, dresser and dining room chair. 
Generally, despite attempts by the 
Warren Re idem Dean and her staff to 
make the situation as painless as 
possible, it is agreed by Marsh and 
students alike that the fifth person 
knows he or she is the fifth person. 

Problems have already begun to arise 

rooms that have all three sets of the 
bed-dre se r-desk combination , there is 
barely space lO move , to say nothing of 
storage space. 

Martines' roommate, Laurence Bekins, 
expressed the same feelings about the 
temporaty arrangement, but had a lot to 
say about the actual condition of the 
new apartment and the surrounding, 
on-going construction: "It's a concrete 
jungle," he said. "Our desk was screwed 
up , our toilet plugged up so we couldn't 

All of the studems orlgmally 
sc heduled lO live In Building One were 
moved to Mesa , whIle the BUlldmg Two 
people were divided between Mesa and 
the new apanmems. 

"Our desk was screwed up, our toilet plugged 
up ... and the walls looked like they were put up 
in ten minutes." 

In all , 60 Units in Mesa were used to 
accommodate five students each . The 
Mesa Apanments were sc heduled to 
house married studems before it was 
determined that they would be required 
for higher-density , emergency 
accommodations. The married students 
who would have been able lO live in 
Mesa were on a waiting list for campus 
housing, but were never informed that 
they would receive such housing by fall , 
Barren said , adding, "I'm not saying 
some person didn't indicate that they 
might get housing." 

The temporaty accommodations in 
the new apattments and in Mesa are 
similar. Five people are in apartments 

becau~e sc:!'!: students do not get to live 
with their chosen roommates, while 
others feel they are having their space 
invaded. 

Kelso Martines, a Warren freshman. is 
sharing a room with two other people, 
and his outlook on the siruation is 
typical: "It's not that bad, but it's not like 
we have a choice: he said. 

Whereas the apartment conditions 
depend on who you talk lo, there is no 
question that the rooms are too small for 
three people. In many of the tripled-up 
rooms, one of the desks has been 
moved to the living room. In the few 

use it, and the walls look like they were 
put up in ten minutes." 

In contrast, Shauneen McElroy, who 
lives in one of the double rooms, said 
that the apartment was "really nice ." "It's 
great: she added . 

Various phases of construction will 
continue until November, acrording to 
Booker. In terms of noise, it will mean 
an on-going stream of forklifts, 
shiploaders and concrete truCks, bUl so 
far no one seems to mind much; in fact, 
everyone jumped to complain about 
only one noise-that coming from the 
garbage truck, But as one person 

l~ 
Heal 

Professions 
Scholarship 

Program 

fullY·JNid education plus monthly income 
If you h.1IP ~n KC~pI~ by, or .r~ tnrolled '1, an apprOV\.'d 

Khool of mtdicine or oslropathy. you may qualify for I~ N.vy 
.walth Prof~"ion. Sc:hol.W1ip PrOiram. 

As • KhoIar~ip 51udent !he N.vy piY': 
• your full tuition •• uthoriz~ left .nd ~ucational 

~xptn_; 

• the cost of requir~ boob .nd wpp!in (reimburwd 
to you); 

• r~ntal fees for nKftWiry equipmenlwch .. 
micrOKopft; .nd 

• • monthly ash piyrMni directly eo you (1Ubj«11o 
ta .. ~s~ You un use !hi. stipend .s you pIeaw, 
Whil~ It Khool, !he N~ does not interlere with your 

acidemic life. You won't MIIP to Ittend military trainin, or 
drills. or wear Navy uniforms, Your lifestyle i. the W1~ I. OI~r 
mtdiul or osteopathic lIudents, 

Sp!ciill Trilining 
You'll ~pend ilbout six W~k5 of eilch ~ar in .n -lCtivr 

service" status. However, if your curriculum doftn't Illow you 
to leave school. you Ciln usuillly spend iI ponion or illI of lhose 
days of aClive duty ill your civilian school continuing your 
studies. 

DUring th is ilctive duly period, you'll receive full pay ilnd 
illlowances of an oHjcer in Ihe .N.vy-whel~r you're ilt Khool 
or awa). That's in addition to the regular monthly income you 
receive during the reSI of the year. 

Active dUly periods oHer you the chanci! to travel .1 Navy 
e~pense .nd gain medical experience whil~ enjoying. break 
from lhe rouline of studying. 

Obligations: 
c complele school as a member of the Navy Health 

Professions Scholarship Program. 
e serve one year of active duty a~ a Navy medical oHic~r 

(or each year of Kholarship panicipatoon. You must 
serve Oil least three years on active duty. 
Tim~ spent in inlernship or residency does no( count toward 

your active servi(t· oblIgation . 

Qualifications (or scholanhips: 
( be accepted for the next entering class or currently 

enrolled in an apprOlled school of medicine or 
osteopathy in the U.S. or Pueno Rico. 

e- be a U.S. cil izen of good moral charader. 
C be physically qual ified for a commission .s a Navy 

oH,cer. 
e have composit MCAT score of 60 or more 

Bill BRY AI\T 
yNC v."""", 
o.."ea_ •• e .......... 

N .. ..,y "R.CIIUI"NCI OI.~ICT 
....N o.coo 
.... VAL .,..., .... ,NQ e~~ • . _LDO »31_ 
•• N D ' .DO. C" •• Ia .. 

call collect (619) 293-6746 

BeThe Doctor 
You 'Vant To Be. InThe Nary. 

pointed out. "No one's started studying 
yel." 

The students at Mesa have RAs and a 
regular academic advisor lo ease their 
stay as much as possible. Said Marsh , 
"We're trying to make extra 
accommodations and give the students 
as much support as we can." Marsh , 
who joined the University as dean in 
May last year, adds that the situation 
here "is not that bad. In places hke 
UClA and Berkeley students have had 
lo sleep in the gym," she said. 

What many of the Mesa students do 
not have that the school can not 
provide is cars. Because Mesa is an 
unreasonably long walk from campus, 
carless and bikeless students are forced 
lo take the bus to school. which puts ' 
the already hassled students through the 
problem of having to live around the 
bus schedule. 

As far as construction is concerned, 
items yet to be finished include 
cabinets, Dooring, doors , paint trim, 
hand railings, ceilings, roofing and 
sidewalks. When everything is actually 
completed in November, students will 
have to move into their originany 
planned apartments. That is bound to 
make an already difficult transition 
period for freshmen even more aying. 

Warren College will ay w lighten the 
load by providing assistance. when the 
time comes to move, in the form of 
vehicles and man power to replace the 
traditional help from mom and dad. Ii::J 

. 

AUG. 20 - SEPT 30 
ART AND DRAFI'lNG 

MATERIALS 

H.§. DaHkls Co. 
1844 INDIA 232~1 

I: 
.I 
! 
• II 

" " .c. +J 

• 
C 

~ 
.a: :e ~ 
--

< 

Blackhorse 
FamlS 
) CIu'fW&1. PUW\ ~ :J > 
zoning drama included prominent 
members of the UCSD faculty. 

Chancellor Richard Atkinson 
represented the University in favor of 
the Blackhorse Farms project, 
commenting that the majority of [he 
UCSD faculty was also all for it. 

"I don't understand what the 
objections are, except that it's a very 
eXCitable issue," Atkinson informed the 
Counetl. "I think the University is going 
to live through it, and 1 think everyone 
else is gomg [0 live through it," 

On Ihe other side of the issue were 
Professor Paul Saltman and Muir Provost 
Dr. John wan. Saltman, a res ident o f La 

JoI1.1 Farms and clearly the more 
outspoken of the twO, felt that UCSD 
students have no real need for the 
complex, and that the only reason 
Chancellor Atkinson is in favor of it is 
because of the money it will generate . 

"The real need for that land is, quite 
frankly, for faculty and Slaff housing," he 
commented. 

At the point of the hearing in which 
it WdS obvious that the proposed project 
was going lo be defeated, O'Brien 
quickly olTered anodier, more drastic 
compromise that e.liminated the 
research and the majority of the 
commercial space . His effort was to no 
avail, however, as the Council suggested 
to him that he come back with a new 
proposal that would be tailored [0 the 
community's concerns. IZa 

rhur>day, Sept 20, 1984 13 

jonn O'Brien argues tnat tne Blacknom Fanns project is beneficial and ne(essary. 

DIE CATHOUC COMMUNITY 
ATUCSD 

SCHEDULE OF MASS~: 
\lleelldll)s 'Monday Ihru SaIurdayJ - 5:00 p.m. 
Sundays - 8:)0 • .m., 10".JO .... ·, .nd 5:00 p.m. 

In the 

AUG.20 SEPT 30 
ART AND DRAFTING 

MATERIALS 

UNIVERSITY LurHERAN CHURCH 
on ~ Jolla Shares Drtve 

M NorIh Torrey Pines ROMf 

H.g.1)tUtiPls (b. 
1844 INDIA 232-660 1 

BACK TO 
SCHOOL 
SPECIAL 

*SundIIy'1 10:30 • .m. MIla Is on c.npus 
In the Student Center, Buldlng 'S'. 

FOR INPORMAnON 
CAli 49-1.5 

Cordura Mt St. Helens Pack. Assorted Col·ors . 
Reg. Price $27.50 • Special $16.95 

·Cordura Mt. St. Helens Pack. Assorted Colors. 
With Leather Bottom. 

Reg. Price $35.50 • Special $21.95 

!HI MONIII OF 

UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE 
" 

Store Hours: Mon. through Fri. 8:00 - 4:45, Sat. 10 - 4 
Extended Hours Sept. 17 - 26 



By MARK BREITEN BERG 
The BepnniJl& 

T HERE WAS NO MISTAKING the plane for Air Force One; in fact, the feeling on board more closely 
resembled an overcrowded steam bath 
with an exceptional view. But there was 
not enough time to dwell on the 
intermittent air conditioning or the 300-
pound beefcake to my left-the 
entertainment was about to stan, and it 
was sitting right next to me. I knew this 
was a non-stop flight; what I did not 
know was that the 19-year-old Texan on 
his first!lane trip seated to my right 
intendt: to wlh non-stop, an the way 
from Kennedy Airpon to Iceland. Aftr 
listening to hIS autobiography, I was 
convinced that someone had placed 
him next to me as a joke, or that Alan 
Funt was about [0 pop up any time 
from behind the seat in from. 

He began by offering some highly 
sophisticated ethnological insights into 
the cultural Status of "niggers." 
Charmmg. This led to the revelation of 
his carefully chosen profesSion: 
undertaking, but did I think that girls 
would go for an undenaker? I couldn't 
be sure. His coup de grace was the 

announcement at even the slightest 
turbulence that he was on the verge of 
throwing up. With what appeared to be 
about half the Cowboy offensive line [0 
my left plugging the only possibility of 
escape, these proclamations were met 
with something slightly less than 
enthusiasm. He did panially red eem 
himself, though: I convinced him that if 
he was going to Europe he ought to 
learn [0 drink red wine . He ordered half 
a boule, hated it, and gave it to me. 
Along with my own half bottle, I was 
almost able to endure his carefully 
reasoned dissenation on why "niggers· 
needed [0 be embalmed in a separate 
pan of the funeral home. A third half 
boule and I was hazily conjuring up my 

own ideas of who should be embalmed 
and where. 

If planes d.idn't stop there, Reykjavik 
would have no apparent reason to exist. 
There can be no drearier sight than the 
cold, gray, rainy landscape of Iceland 
dotted with barrackS of the US Anny, an 
organization not generaUy known for 
architectural splendor. What's worse is 
that everyone on the plane somehow 
feels compeBed to buy these huge. bulky 
sweaters made from the noble sacrifice 
of at least three yaks (or whatever they 
have there) to be worn, no doubt, across 
the chilly planes of Southern Italy in 
July. 

Passing up the temptation to at least 
double the current bulk of my baggage 
with a yak sweater, I settled for a cup of 
coffee in the Reykjavik airpon "lounge," 
which also serves as the restaurant, 
waiting room, ticket counter and money 
exchange. The layover served a purpose, 
however, as I was able to make the 
acquaintance of Sylvie, a woman from 
Luxembourg who had jUst finished 
chasing hOI' husband to DaBas and was 
retuming empty-handed, but brave. 
Upon landing in Luxembourg, we were 
greeted by her friend Eddie, and all 
three of us drove through the lush, 
patchwork countrySide into the city. 
Eddie found me a cheap hotel in the 
pan of town where the nightlife is as 
lively as it is illegal, a tradition I felt 
compelled to continue through most 
other pans of Europe. Our conversation 
was limited by Sylvie'S broken ,English to 
me, and my worse French to Eddie. 
Their Luxembourgese to each other was 
impossible. 

I had been up by this time for about 
two days consecutively, but was not 
deterred from accepting Sylvie'S plan to 
attend a wine festival about 50 
kilometers outside Luxembourg. We 
drove along the slow, graceful Moselle, 
with the German hillside of Vineyards 
and smaU cottages on the other side, to 
a smaU village in which a huge tent had 
been erected on the bankside. The soft, 
translucent light cf dusk was only 
interrupted by a roaring bonfire just 
outside the tent and a few feet off the 
river. 

As we walked up to the tent I was 
ncthing less than enthraUed. This , I 
decided immediately, was the Europe I 
had come to see: the annual wine 
festival follOwing the early harvest in a 
town unknown to Fodor or anyone else 
who didn't live there. The peaty smell of 
the woods and river along with roasting 
venison and sausage, the cool, fresh air 
and perfectly clear night- I was sweUing 
up inside like a kid cn Christmas 
morning. 

Inside the tent there were picnic 
tables set up and booths around the 
periphery where the vintners were 
drinking their product as fast as they 
served it, and at one end a large stage 
had been built where a band was 

preparing for what I imagined would be 
some good old fashioned German polka. 
What authenticity! Such old world 
charm! wen, not exactly. Just as my lips 
tasted the first drops o( sweet, Mosele 
wine, the band lit into a stirri"J 
rendition of David Bowie's ·Sullragette 
City," which they foBowed with the 
Stones' ·Brown Sugar." 

It turned out, however, that the 
traditional German sing-along set 
needed to wait until the traditional 
Germans were traditionally potted, an 
inevitable event which was not slowed 
by a sudden thunderstorm and a 
complete blackout. An old generator was 
tumed on which provided about half 
the original light, and by the time the 
band gOt through its "new wave" set, I 
was drunk enough and melancholy 
enough to think that I was back with 
my great-grandparents in the 19th 
century. 

By about 2 am I begged 00' dancing 
with Sylvie in favor of a walk in the cool 
night. The Moselle looked so inviting 
that l immediately stripped down, 
intending, in my wine-aided 
romanticism, to swim to the other side 
and touch the homeland of my 
forefathers . The river had other ideas. 
About halfway across I realized that 1 
was moving faster down river than I was 
toward Germany. A deceptively strong 
current was sweeping me downstream 
like a cork, and it was nothing shon of 
an Olympian effort for 15 suddenly 
sober moments that aDowed me to get 
back to the side from whence l'd 
staned, about 200 yards funher down 
the bank. Two hundred significant 
yards, it tumed out, fONhey were the 
exact distance I had walked from the 
te'nt in order to perform my stripte~ in 
private. About one thIrd of the festIval, I 
would say, caught a glimpse of their first 
streaker, for I had crawled out of the 
river exactly abreast of the tem and 
roasting pit Quickly dressing, I found 
Sylvie and left the festival for a nightcap 
hack in the city. 

~ '1.( " 
,-', ~ (}~~- . 
• h .:~~ _ _ , ,. 

) 1 i . , . ' 
.. . '., 

---=. '. -... ' 

,: - ' ." ' ~ ' s 

We found a tiny bar called "Caf~ Les 
Arts" (about four languages are spoken 
in Luxembourg, but an the signs are in 
French). At the piano sat a 90-year-old 
woman who pounded the ivories with 
great vigor and drank whatever anyone 
brought her. I personally watched her 
slam three beers and half a liter of wine 
in less than an hour, and there was no 
reason to think she hadn't maintained 
that pace the whole evening. Yet her 
playing was impeccable., her spirit 
indomitable. It was now five in the 
morning Monday, and I was working on 
only a fitful night's sleep in Dallas the 
previous Thursday, so it seemed time to 
end my first evening on European soil. 
j'arrive a Toulouse 

tepped off the tmin around <) pm 
and took an anxious glance at the town 
where I had rather arbitrarily chosen to 
spend the next two months, Looking 
down a busy street lined with cafes and 
shops, teeming with purposeful-looking 
people , I wondered which would 
become my favorite haunts, and who 
might become my friends. I felt the 
same bewilderment and nervous energy 
as an untried actor might feel upon first 
arriving in New York City. The address 
of the brother of a casual friend was my 
sole connection to this place; I knew no 
one. and cenainly no one knew me. 

A map outside the station offered the 
general direction to Alain's house, and I 
began walking a dirty, languid canal 
lined with maple trees. The air was still 
warm and thick from the day's 
humidity- l had the feeling of.a 
moderately sized town in the deep 
south: Birmingham cr Charlotte, 
perhaps. Alain lived at the top of a hill 
in a rather tacky high rise set of 
apartments-not exactly European • 
charm- and it occurred to me that it 
was quite possible that Alain had never 
received my letter of introduction from 
his brother; there had been no 
ccnfirmation. 
. It seemed somewhat unreal, and even 

a little ridiculous" to be simply showing 
up on the doorstep with a couple over-
stuffed bags and a sheepish grin, but 

that was my only passpOrt, and I had 
determined to leave all self-
consciousness back in the states. As so 
often became the case in my travels, all 
my trepidation was unnecessary. Alain 
immediately recognized me; in fact , he 
had been expecting me any day and 
was prepared with a six-pack of 

Kronenbo~d a reasonably 
competent command of my native 
tongue. I woukl be allowed to Stay with 
him a few days, or until I found my own 
place. I had arrived, and as I looked out 
over the panorama of the city, 

anticipating the familiarity I knew I 
would soon have, I fell asleep impatient 
for the next day to come. 

Finding an apartment became my 
first introduction to the linguistiC 
problems inherent in possessing about a 
third-grade knowledge of French while 
trying to operate as a 29-year-old, well-
educated adult. I had serrIed on living 
"au centre viDe"; that is , at the bustling 
center of Toulouse, amid the cafes and 
shops and close to the banks of the 
Garonne River. 

After three days of private search, 
which had resulted in only a phone 
conversation with a woman who spoke 
a version of French unbekncwnst to me 
(Alain, it turned out, was from Paris, so. 
this was my first experience of the 
Toulousian drawl), I walked into an 
agency. and fumbled through a 
deSCription of what I wanted. Monsieur 
Moreaux proceeded to describe the son 
cf rental agreement he had in mind , 
including the baffiing concept of first 
and last month's rent 

When he got to the abstruse notion 

A" EAay AP. HAYIIIIVD ..... _ •• 
YoIuneIen needed far M ..... 1IUdy UIIng .rww a .. InImI .. e 
1r'WCI ...... - "..... 12 to 65 ~ of .. with ~ IIId*Ig In nose 
Md .,.. wIIti II ...... Md ,.., CDI ...... "* .... 1naIcIas: 

• J Ihort .... awr II dIiyI 
• NO PIt"'. per villi 
• lINe ...... Met blood...". 

................. , •• D •••••••• 
IcMrd c.anHIN AIergIst 

.' 

20, /984 15 
r.oo'7:~""';'''''''7l 

of a security deposit, I might as well 
have been tackling the thecry of 
relativity with a rudimentary knowledge 
of geometry. I had no idea what he was 
talking about, but in good faith I agreed 
to look at the place, liked it, and the 
next night I was settled in my cwn 
apanment on the third floor of the 
HOlel du Centre, one floor below the 
toilet and two above the first 
introduction of ')azzercise" to Scuthern 
France. 

My room was very smaU and 
furnished with a bed, tiny desk, shower 

staU, basin, closet and, of course, the 
omnipresent bidet. l looked out into a 
courtyard and the back wwdows of 
about 12 other apartments which , I scon 
learned, afforded the remarkable 
cpportunity 10 hear nearly every sound 
in every apartment at once. When the 
jazzercise classes were pounding away 
below me, it was quite a symphcny. But 
it was my hcme, and "Mcnsieur 
Breitenberg" felt pretty good on the 
door. 
us Rues de Toulouse 

Frequent phenomena around 
Tculcuse were the street entenainers, 
who varied considerably in regard to 
talent and degree of professionalism. 
Perhaps the most feeble were two guys 
at the wispy beard and pimples stage 
who absolutely destroyed most of the 
oeuvre of Simon and Garfunkel, or at • 
least the three or [our songs they would 
"sing" over and over. It was a little sad 
to watch them; their earnestness was 
matched only by the complete 

Volunteers Needed 
for Acne Study 

Divi,ion of Dermatolosv 
School of Medicine 

Twelve week study involves daily application of 
lotion to skin and monthly visits for evaluation. 
V olunteen CITe paid $50.00 far participafion:. 

If interested, come to MTF 432 
(on Medical School Campus) 

on Wednesday, September 26, 9 a.m. to 4 p.m . 
or call 452-4935 or 452-6847. 



.. 

ADlerican 
) CDN1'N"'O fUW\ ~ as ) 
inaue ntion of the crowd and the 
emptiness of their collection hat. which 
is saying quite a bit. because the French 
are more o r less enthralled at any fonn 
of entenainment which does not require 
leaving their prized cafe perches. Yet 
they persevered. with a version of 
harmony in which the beerer of the twO 
voices attacked the melody while the 
other chimed in singing the entire song 
in one note. and an off-key note at that. 

There was also a pair of '60s 
hangovers who favored Simon and 
Garfunkel along with eil Young. They 
were a small improvement over the 
others; she was in the mold of Joan 
Baez. and he strained to capture the 
sonorous voice of Bob Dylan in 
"Evcl)'body Must Get Stoned: The main 
aura tion was without quesllon the 
black sax player. who was accompanied 
by a JefT)' Lee Lewis copy on the gUitar 
and an old. grinnmg. Black tub player 
from ew Orleans. The French. of 
course . fo und the down-South. "Roots" 
authenticity -of this trio irresistible. The 
percussion ensemble usually staned up 
around ten at night next to the fountain 
and amacted a substantial follOwi ng. 

AUG.20 SEPT 30 
ART AND DRAFTING 

MATERIALS 

They offered a complete drum set and 
rwo bongos; not bad . but soon 
redundant. 

Other pans of the treet sene 
included the bums and beggars- or 
"c1ochards." as the French say-who 
seemed to maintain a lively enough 
practice . They would usually scrawl 'Tai 
Caim" on a piece of cardboard and do 
their best to look emaciated. Those who 
had incorporated employed animals as 
props. aUowing them to use the plural: 
"Nous avons faim ." I saw everything 
from the commonplace dog to a pony 
and monkey combination. the latter o f 
which seemed qUite a lucrative business. 

Most of the burns were about 35. and 
all were male. They lived in the parks. 
and anyone who entered was at their 
mercy for a Cigarette or some drunken 
babble. or both. which was usually the 

ase with me. In fact. I became such a 
target for their plaintive requests that I 
finally stopped smoking in the parks 
lest I should create traffic problems. 
They practically lined up when I walked 
through . There was only one bum whom 
I subsidized regula rly. He would sit 
everyday on the steps of the POSt office 
playing the worst clarinet imaginable. 
Somehow one expected him to be great. 
cafT)'ing within him some broken 
history o f his fall from the Paris jazi 
scene of the ·4Os. His wrinkled face and 
deep. thoughtful eyes showed all the 
prerequisites of soulful . passionate 

musIc. but the guy quite s imply missed 
the nOles. 

La Piscine Publiq_ 
The summemme climate of Toulouse 
resembles that of Washington DC .in 
August. It is oppressively hot and 
humid. and the air never seems to 
move. 1 developed IWO solutions to the 
heat taking my books and notebooks 
into the old medieval cathedrals. where 
the thick waDs kept the temperarutt at a 
pleasant 65° or so. or spending the day 
at the glorious Toulouse public pool 
Since it was very uncommon to find 
attractive women running around 
tOpless in most cathedrals. it is nO( 
difficult to imagine which of these 
sol ut ions 1 favored. 

The pool was actuaOy more. like a 
smaU lake. It measured about 500 merers 
by 200. with a 3O-fO()( warerfaU at one 
end . But this was the least of the 
attractions. As the universities and most 
businesses were not operating at this 
time. the public pool became the main 
source of entenainment for what 
seemed like every woman from 16 to 36 
within a radius of 20 miles Of course . 
the novelty of aU these women 
sunbathing and prancing up and down 
naked save for their skimpy bottoms 
qUickly WOre off. In fact. by the end of 
my two-month Stay 1 was down to a 
disinterested six visits per week. 

>C"'T~. ,., ,"" ,?> 

_H. § 'DaltiPls w. 
1844 INDIA 232~O 1 

FA~I()lJH LAS'I' WOIWH 
j··HOM FHII·: lIS '1'( I Flm:N lJS. 

" : \ "" /11111 (J"'llIrlril~ ' (" 
"\rll"lx" .k//' IW''I'I((" 

"I Jirl !/III' /i""1 IIIIIIII/I(·/i 1/1 rlrillk:" 
• /' 1/ I I/('/:Ii'd I 1I.Ii /I( .-

"/I,y' !Ifill ill 'IJI!I.~/I/IIII ' III dl·i '·I' (" 
-/" " 1tr" ·"I'.Ii'lt IwlIl 'I:" 

-11/';111.' !I,","'I ' IIIIIi ".Ii'l/' /rill III""!!: 
"l im kirir/ill .1 ('((11 d61'(' 

lI'ilil III!! I'!/I'X I·III.~I 'd'" 

- l illl'/'I' 11/111 11/01111/1'" II) dril/k. 
11'1 III(' 111';/'1': 

".\'l)ilIHI!! ril'i"I 'S "I!/ ('(II' /1111 111(' : 
"Ar( !I'III ( )1\' III rir;I·"r 

\\'1/(,'" " li' l/' IN 1'1':-;(" 

DRINKWG AND DRIVWG 
CAN KI.1 A FRIENDS •• 

. 

u ~ Dt-p£-tme-nt ollf~hdl()f' m 

More people rent furniture 
from Aaron Rents than any 

other company in the countr}t 
One word tells you why: Value. 

Students have known fOl' years that at Aaron Rents the word "value means more furniture, 
more quality, and more service fOl' less money than anywhere else. Aaron Rants has the 
lowest rental rates, next-day delivery, a 3-month minimum rental period, and a showroom 
full of great-looking furniture. That's why more people coast-t«>eoast rent from 
Aaron Rents Furniture than any other furniture rental company in the country. 

Aaron Rents 
Furniture® 

6331 University Avenue 
San Diego 287-84'85 

--_ In: AII.nta, AustIn. BoKimoro, ChattoltO. C-Wlt_. CoI,- Stollen. c-.llC .• 001 .... 
Denver. o.."'.m. EI Paso, Fayolt .. ,II • . Ft Loudefdale. Ft Worth. Gteensbo<e. Hous1on. lndIIInapoII .. J--"'Ite. 

Kno •• llle. Kan ... City. I..Wbock. Memphrs. MIami, Mldltlfl<l.Odesso. N'_lIte . ....... ~ Nor-. 0tIl_ City, 
O<lando. Phoenix. Aalolgll. SI LOuis. San ""10010. San DIego, Tampo, Tucoon. Tulia. VwgInia a.tII. _iQIOi~ D.C. 

Thu,>aay. Sept 20, 19tH 17 
, 

'" y.. v~"':;' ~ • ...~ ..... ~. v -
•• :.:?O( .... ~.~ •. v:. :--.-.',' ) •.. '.'; .. 'l¥ "' .. ,···.v ..• 

Embarrassed 
) CIN'M'-'O fUW\ '-' ,., > 

One day I came to the pool with two 
tennis buddies. and we spotted a dark-
featured woman across the pool who 
was wading Ian~orously in the shallow 
end and coyly glancing in Dur direction. 
As I began to wade nonchalandy toward 
her. I decided that she was probably the 
most beautiful woman I had ever seen. 
and I was determined to approach her. 
My excirement was so overwhelming 
that I forgot about the retarded state of 
my linguistic capacity until I found 
myself directly in front of her. trapped 
by the gaze of her deep-set. lambent 
e)ti. I froze. They had not taught us 
how to say. 'Come here often?R in 
French class. and even if they had. it 
was doubtful that I could have even 
remembered my name. 

Her golden tan sparkled and glistened 
from the sun and water. and between 
her coquettish smile and awe-inspiring 
physique. I was transfixed. A feeble . 
-bon jour" was my clever opening. bill It 
served to break her speD and soon we 
were chatting away about California (a 
clever gambit. it turned OUl) and her 
profession. which was hair styling. It 
began to occur to me that she was 
smiling and lauahing a bit too 
frequently; I had never- been terribly 
funny in English. so I couldn't expect 
much from my French. I decided that 
she was probably laughing at my garbled 
version of her language rather than my 
poignant and irresistible wit. This 

:JiiiI I ,' 
. ~-. 

J 

became especially clear near the end of 
our conversation when I determined 
that I needed to extend our 
acquaintance to an evening on the. 
town. As this was the big moment. I 
summoned up aD my chann and the 
vast knowledge of French which I had 
received in ten weeks of intensive study 
for the crucial question. Unfonunately. I 
somehow managed to eonfuse the verbs 
"to leave" and "to go out with: as weD 
as several vital pronouns. which resulted 
in my asking her if she wanted to leave 
with my friends. She didn·t. and I 
decided it was time to take a few laps. 
Bordeaux 

One morning I was aroused by the 
throbbing beat of the jazzercise class 
downstairs and the painful grunts of 
French women trying to overcome years 
of over-indulgence in pastries and pate!. 
so I decided at once ihat it was time for 
an excursion. Within an hour I was on 
the train to Bordeaux. a two-hour ride 
nOM toWard the Adantic coast. My 
vaguely fonnulated itinerary was to taste 
some of the magnificent wines of the 
region and return a day or two later. so 
my opening move upon arrival was to 
purchase a reasonable Medoc wine. a 
slab of cheese and some bread. and 
begin to indulge myself. 

I quickly realized that the city of 
Bordeaux was too busy and hurried for 
my lemperament. so I looked at the map 
and chose the little village of Saint 
Emilion. dead center in the wine 
country and famous for its soft blends of 
cabernet and merlot grapes. As soon as 
my bus left the confines of the city. I 
noticed that there was nothing in the 
landscape-except the gendy rolling hills 
of vineyards. interrupted only by a few 

STEP INTO THE DRIVERS SEATI 

HOW MANY-FIRMS DO YOU KNOW THAT 
WILL GIVE YOU THE KEYS AND RESPONSIBILITY 

FOR ~ MULTIMILLION DOLLAR AIRCRAFT AT AG~ 25? 
For more InlormallOf'l concerning lhe prog,ams 
leading 10 a commiSSion In the UntIed Slales 

Navy or Manne Corps conlacl lhe Navy ROTC unll 

293·4811 

HAIRCUTS $'695 
Includes: 

- Shampoo 
- Conditioner 

only 

NAVY ROTC 

PERMS $1995 
Includes: 

-Shampoo 
- Conditioner 

only 
Also Featuring: 

Curls, Relaxers and Waves 
Using TeB Products With Specialists Willie or Ike 

OPEN 7 DAYS 
APPOINTMENT NOT NECESSARY 

UNIVERSITY TOWNE CENTRE - 455-0420 

modest fann houses. The air was cool 
and crisp-not a trace of humidity-
and the sky ruD of rapidly shifting 
clouds interspersed by patches of deep 
blue. The bus turned around a bend. 
and the entire village of Saint Emilion 
opened up before me. 

I felt like Dorothy landing in Oz: A 
small cluster of tiJUJtiy packed . medieval 
stone buildings arong the hillside and 
narrow. dramatically sloping cobblestone 
streets comprised this tiny paradise . 
There were only two hotels. and I opted 
for the four-star "La Plaisance." figuring 
that this experience demanded fiscal 
irresponsibility. 

The hotel sat on a ridge surrounded 
by a stone wall overlooking the rest of 
the village and acres of vines. "La 
Plaisance" itself was made from the 
same stone. but inside was the most 
elegant and posh decor I found in all of 
France. My room included a phone. a 
large bay window and a bath which was 
about the same size as my garret back 
in Toulouse. The idea of taking a bath 
thrilled me. as they are a rare 
convenience in France. So I walked 
down to the wine shop and selected a 
choice botde of Saint Emilion "grand 
cru." and headed back to my suite 
feeling as splendorous as Louis XVI ever 
did. Afrer a shon nap I decided it was 
time to mosey downstairs for dinner. 

The restaurant juts out from the hotel 
so that there is a view of the valley from 
elltry angie. and I was seated JUSt in 
time to watch a dramatic red and 
orange sunset. When my botde of Saint 
Emilion "premier cru" arrived and I 
gazed out over the beautiful rows of 
vines and magnificent sky. I thought 
that this was about the most perfect 
moment imaginable. I was on the verge 

of crying at the sheer magic of ir a ll 
when my waiter approache~ a~kln~ for 
my order. Dinner did not chsap~otnt ItS 
surroundings. I began With a deliCIOusly 
subtle fish soup. continued with thin 
strips of salmon with a delicate white 
sauce; filet au poivre was my entree. and 
I finished the meal with three c heeses 
and three dessens. including chocolate 
mousse cake draped with raspbe rries. It 
was all I could do to stagger up to my 
room. 

The next day was bright and criSp. so -
I decided 10 take a walking tour of the 
neighboring c hateaus. I must have been 
on the road just an hour when the 
clouds changed suddenly and began 10 
unleash a heavy downpour. Within five 
minutes I had scrambled for cover. JUSt 
in time to see the sky change again 
back to the deep blue of a few moments 
earlier. 

In the four hours of my lOur. this 
process repeated itself ~o mor~ times 
in exactly the same fashion . as If the 
heavens had some investment in the 
agricultural health of the vines below. 
But it was not just the elaborate 
sprinkler system that. struck me about 
the climate of Bordeaux; there were 
nothing but paradoxes. The air was at 
the same time hot and sultty and. from 
the nearby ocean. moist and cool. The 
temperature dropped into the 405 at 
night. but daytime called for shinsleeves 
and shons. All of this added up to the 
most magical place I have ever 
experienced. especiaUy in conjunction 
with the constant fuzz mess I fe lt from 
the consumption of rwo bottles of hearty 
red wine each day. 

I began hitchhiking back 10 town 

>C"'TIW.~ ,., ,,... " ) 
UCSD Studenb, Faculty and Staff 
are Cordiall, Invited to Experience 
Faith, Hope and Love in Chrilt at 

i!i UN'VE~~ fry LUrnE~AN tHUAtH ANb EtUMENltAl tENTE P-
acr065 the street from Revelle College 

9595 La Jolla Shores Drive, near Torrey Pines Road 
S .. ......, WoraIUp at 10:00 am (new time) and 7:00 pm 
F'eedJ.adr Mdt FCICIdt, and 0dIer. after church at 11 :1 5 am 

W~ Student Dinner on Sunday. September 23. 5:30 pm 
W~ Student Bcwbecue on Wednesday. September 26,6:00 pm. (Weekly 
student suppers followed by Bible study each Wednetday at 6:00 pm.) 

W~ Scudent Brundt on Sunday, September 30, 11: 15 am (after church) 
IAJce ArrowIaeGd Pedk Experience overnight September 28-29 ($21.00) 

~ SeminGr for skeptics, saincs and sinners begins October J, 8 :00 pm 
Tijuma4 Esprdicion to the Cultural Center and Lutheran Miuion on October 1 J 
Our Lou,..c, aw."a and Librlll'Y are open daily 

For further informadon or .,..roral care. conract 
c.mpue PMfor John G. Huber. D.M.ln. •. 453-0561 or 459-885S 

NOW HIRING 
Student 

Food Service Workers 
..... cI •• 0pcnInp 

at the Revelle, Warren and Muir 
Cafeterias, and the Third College 

Sneck Bar. 
FcnIrlng: 

"Low Cost" meals 
Excellent wages 

Flexible work schedules 

Apply at: 
Student Employment 

Office 
.' 



,. 

18 Thursday, Stpt. 20, 1984 

AInerican 
)cwn.,,,,. fUW\ ~ 17 ) 
early in the afternoon , and was soon 
enough picked up by a small, bald man 
with an aquiline nose and sharp, lively 
eyes. All the wine I had been drinkmg 
must have improved my French, for at 
once we were engaged in an animated 
discussion on di fferent "cepages" and 
the an of wine making. 

Because I was an American and knew 
something about French wines, and 
because my French was at least 
passable, my friend , who turned out to 
be a "viticulteur," insisted that I visit his 
chateau and have dinner with his 
family. We pulled up to a cluster of farm 
buildings surrounded by vineyards, and 
he began his daily "inspection des 
vignes." 

He spoke of and acted toward his 
plants as if they were his children, 
caressing them and talking about each 
type of grape in terms of ItS maturity 
and personality. I expected him to scold 
the ones which had not grown to full 
height. We completed a full tour of his 
chateau, including hiS aging room 
replete with oak barrels and dusty 
unlabelled bottles . 
. Behind his house was a screened-in 
porch overlooking most of his acreage 
furnished with an old wooden table and 
four wooden chairs. This room. I 
discovered, was used for tasting and 
discussing his Singular passion. We 
walked down to his private cellar and 
returned with six bottles of various 
Medoc, St. Emilion and Pomerol wines, 
to name a few, and proceeded to imbibe 
in what we had only been talking about 
aU day. His own wine was a "Bordeaux 
Superieur," the lowest of the 
categorizations in the region, but 
nonetheless very enjoyable. Soon we 
were tasting his favorite specimens from 

LOOK 

other chateaus: young St. Emilions from 
the very good )'ears In '81 and '82, a 7 0 
St. Estephe, and a remarkable '66 
Pomcrol. By this time my French was 
flowing as freely as the wine, and I 
decided that the secret to this throaty 
language was the heady grapes of 
Bordeaux 

It was the first time I had spoken 
French without having to translate my 
thoughts from English into French, and 
words were coming to my lips which I 
don't think I had ever heard or seen 
before. I qUickly caught on to the 
linguistic an of personifying different 
wines: Was this one a little too 
pretentious? The other young and 
overzealous? I was cenainly a little 
pretentious and overzealous, but it 
didn 't matter; I was having the time of 
my life. 

Dinner began arriving from my 
fnend 's plump, friendly wife with some 
rich pate, a thin chicken broth , a cheese 
and mushroom omelet, thick pieces of 
steak embedded with bits of garlic. the 
obligatory collection of cheeses, and a 
bowl of fruit. After a glass of cognac I 
was led to a small room where I fell 
instantly into a deep slumber. We 
paned affectionately the next morning; I 
promised to visit at harvest time the 
follOwing year, and he assured me that 
his daughte r would be home to meet 
me . 

It had now been four enchanting days 
since I had left Toulouse, and I desired 
only that this splendid reverie continue. 
I began hitchhiking in the direction of 
Sainte Foy-a-la-Grande, where I had 
read about some prehistoric caves. Cars 
passed 01J.\y infrequently, and most of 
-the-drivers smiled bemusedly at my 
motley appearance. I must have 
presented quite a sight for these down-
home French fanners: I was unshaven 
and glassy-eyed from the night before, 
my hair was unruly, and the clothes I 
had carried were intended only for two 
days and a night. My shoulder bag had 

K 

Look for the 
BOOKSTORE INFORMAnoN BOOTH 

on the Revelle Common. 
Someone will be the..- from 
Sept. 17 through Sept. 11 

to IUpply you with Information 
about the Bookstore and to 

answer your questions 
pertaining to the Bookstore. 

The..- will be a Clown paulng 
out balloons. So, come on up 

and have some fun. 

Open from 
10:00 1m to 3 pm. 

become a little burdensome, so I had 
devised a way of balanCing it on my 
head , with the straps underneath my 
arms. 

This frightful sight w'as not, however, 
enough to deter the twO young gi rls who 
picked me up in one of those rattling 
jeep-like cars that bear some genetic 
relationship to oIkswagens. Isabel and 
Marie were, in fact, going to Sainte Foy, 
where the former was scheduled to play 
in a tennis tournament. They were both 
students in Paris, but Isabel's family 
lived in the area, and we stopped in just 
before her first match. Sainte Foy was 
an exact version of a French Palo Alto, 
and Isabel's father a French replica of 
Leo Ware. They lived in a large, elegant 
co untry house minutes from the tennis 
club where Isabel and her two brothers 
had learned to play some very 
respectable tennis, even by Southern 
California standards. 

"Club Feyen" sat directly on the 
Dordogne River. It was comprised of 
eight red-clay couns, a viewing area and 
a clubhouse. The tournament had 
attracted the finest junior players in 
France, and Isabel was the club 
champion but was vinually 
unrecognized in the tournament. Isabel 
played two matches the first day and 
won them both. 

When she told her family that I was 
from Southern California, my stock 
soared, and I became Isabel's appointed 
coach and strategist for the tournament. 
Isabel's second victory was over a highly 
ranked player. Just before ..the third and 
decisive set, I mentioned to her that her 
opponent was unable to bend enough to 
handle low, underspin shots. Isabel 
employed my advice and swept through 
the set, 6-2. Naturany I was offered a 
contract for the remainder of the 
tournament, or as long as Isabel 
continued to win. My fee was room and 
board, which was nicely served back at 
the country house. 

The next morning Isabel and I hit for 

& . ". 'i:, ... 

about an hour, and she again proceeded 
to sweep two opponents, advancing 
herself to the semi-finals That a local 
girl should advance so far was creating 
quite a stir around the club. Had my 
French been a little better I might have 
been offered the head pro job, for I was 
qUickly achieving a kind of tennis-guru 
status among the locals. The third day 
of the tournament found Isabel pitted 
against the number-one seed, which 
meant that she was facing one of the 
best junior players in France. The entire 
tennis community of Sainte Foy was out 
for this march, but no one really 
believed that Isabel , despite my careful 
tutelage, could continue her string of 
upsets. True to the seedings and 
everyone's worst fears, Isabel was 
thrashed in the first set by a clearly 
superior player, 6-0. 

I could not find a chink anywhere in 
the armor of her opponent, but I did 
notice the capacity for frustration in her 
whenever the pace slowed down. I 
counseled Isabel between sets (0 begi n 
hitting high, arching lobs and then to 
follow with her now perfected shon 
underspin shots. Isabel dropped the first 
game at love, but ~y strategy began to 
payoff as she Stayed even to three all. 
In the seventh game her opponent 
began to talk to herself and glance 
angrily in my direction. Isabel was 
forcing error after error, and when she 
went up 5-3, her family, seated next to 
me at counside, was beside itself with 
~ittment. Isabel ran out the second 

set, and both players paused for a 15-
minute break. 

News of the possible upset had 
spread throughout the club, and by now 
all attention was focused on the local 
favorite and her pensive coach from 
Southern California, who it seemed had 
arrived from nowhere by some divine 
intervention. The third set continued 
the pattern of the previous one: Isabel 

)C~T'W •• 0fI) , __ .. I,> 

PHI DBLTA 
TN ~ 

Bowling 

Our frushJ begIns on Monday. 
For more Info stop by our table 
In Revelle Plaza during the next 
two weeks. 

, 

J 

Thursday, Sept. 20, 1984 19 
~ECl',tf,S , 

_ ~ ~~.' • • C:-;,' ", . ... -l;."" ,' , 

Embarrassed 
)CItIn.,"'. """ '"" It :; 
continued to hit lazy lobs deep (0 the 
backcoun of her opponent and to vary 
the pace of the march. But the superior 
strokes of the number-one seed kept the 

match even to three aU. The tension 
around the club was feverish when 
Isabel broke serve on a lob that seemed 
to faD from the clouds. Her foe was 
completely rattled, and I received a 
joyous hug from Isabel's mother when 
Isabel went up 5-3 and 40-0. Victory 
was imminent; Isabel was one point 
away from her own upset and my near 
canonization by this Iitde village in 
Bordeaux. 

Today, the birds still sing in the 

dramatic skies over Bordeaux, and the 
regal cabemet grape still produces 
glorious wine. The rains still fall three 
times on a sunny morning, and the 
gentle ocean breezes will always temper 
the sultry climate. But there is no joy in 
Sainte Foy-a-la-Grande; Isabel struck 
out. She somehow dropped four games 
in rapid succession, including three 
successive match points, and lost the 
match. Stunned, I mumbled a quick 
farewell to Isabel's family and consoled 

my shaken prodigy. Twenty minutes 
after the final , tragic point, my bag was 
strapped to my head and my thumb 
pointed toward the outskins of Sainte 
Foy. 

Next stop: Les Pyrenees, 
See the Monday, September 24 
issue of the Guardian, 

WHAT EVERY STUDENT 
KNOW ABOUT THE ERENeES 

Yes, there are differences. 
And we think you should 
know what they are. 
Ask yourself these 
questions. 

Probably not. But when 
you lease your telephone 
from AT&T this fall, you won't 
pay any lease charges next sununer. 
You can use your phone at home, and 
bring it back to school in the fall. 

No. come in many colors. 
But the AT&T telephone you lease 
this fall comes in a variety of 
colors and three popular styles. 

a chicken is a delicate 
process requires work of expensive professionals. 
However, in the off chance your AT&T leased telephone 

needs repairs, we'll fix it absolutely free when you visit any 
of our AT&T Phone Centers. 

A TELEPHONE AND 
A 

TO YOU? 
Ship a chicken? Don't be 

silly. However, your AT&T 
leased telephone will be 

shipped directly to you after 
one call to 1-800-555-8111, 

or you can pick up your 
phone at any of our AT&T 

Phone Centers. 

Hardly. we no data 
on the exact cost of leasing a chicken, 

we can tell you with some certainty that 
the cost of1easing a telephone this fall 

is far less than you might think. 
The decision to lease a chicken or a 

telephone, of course, rests with you. 
But should you opt for the tele-

phone, remember: you get three 
months free next sununer, and you can take 

the phone home with you. There's a choice 
of colors and styles, free repair, and 
we'll ship you the phone or you can pick 
it up at any of our AT&T Phone Centers. 

It doesn't cost much either. And 
that's something to crow about. 

AT&T Consumer Sales and 
Service. To order your telephone, call 
1-800-555-8111 for delivery right 
to your door or for infonnation concern- ......... 
ing AT&T Phone Center locations. AI •• 

Call The Toll Free Number Listed Above 

Valid with the IoIIowina rellrictiona: 1. You mull be relliotered lor 12accrodited hours IQr the 1984 laIIlerm. 2. Valid only to student. billed by AT&T Consumer Sale, and Service. 3. Delinquo.nt account .. r" void &onto""r. 4. Limit two teIephonel per 
account. 5. Ofter apireo 72 months tom Ie_ initiation cIIte. 6. Thls oller i. not .alid lot pel1lllllellt ye ... -round .. sidenl ltudent •. 7. The _ fr •• monlha will not belin until you ha •• poid for the first nine monlha of yuur 1eIIe. 8. AI~ ore 
FCC .... tered. We provide repair oervice lor aIIte!ephonel ooId ot AT&T PhoneCenten. Only telep/loneSeQUIIlI)od with Touchtonedillirll! can accesa certain Ions di.tJnce service. one! networ\l.~ C<>PYl1lht . AT&TCOI1IUI11erSMelIlld . 1984. 

• 



20 Thursday. Sept. 20. 1984 
' .. 

. . . '.' . .' . 

. ..' '. :".'.' .. 

Guardian 
derails 
AS Express 

First-annual Dartboard 
Classic attended by 
throngs of up to 19 

By JEFF SAVAGE, Sports Editor 
August: Nrw-waw: swinger gives the GlUlrdiGn a logo and, ew:nllUllly, a dartboard. 

W HEN THE CHARGERS walked onto UCSD's practice 
• field for the first time this 

summer, padded up for Day One of 
Camp Coryell '84, the field was already 
electrified . As each player made contact 
with the turf, the energy stored from 
some past event surged through their 
armor. They practiced anyway. 

After the initial session came to a 
close some two hours later, the players 
walked back to the Warren donns 
shaking their heads, puzzled over the 
dislocated aura that they had come in 

. contact with . Only Chuck Muncie wasn't 
phased. 

A month earlier, on this same field 
which had later been remodeled for 
football , a baeball game was played. To 
be precise, the sport was softball-a 
simplistic version of the grand '01 
game-but, in this case, a high-powered 
contest nonetheless. The Guardian 
Typos hooked up with the Associated 
Students Express. And Warren North 
rocked . 

When the AS announced in late May 
that the Guardian had challenged the 
Express [0 a softball game, word spread 
like hot maple syrup on buttennilk 
pancakes in a small cafe in West Texas. 
Ticket sales skyrocketed when it was 

. announced on the gym steps to a 

. DeCISIOn: Rounding the bases, or the beer? 

throng of TGers the next day that a 
valuable cork dartboard would be 
awarded to the winning team. When the 
Regents got wind, the game was 
immediately dubbed "The First Annual 
UCSD Dartboard Classic: and the 
oddsmakers in Las Vegas quickly made 
the Express a 6-5 favorite . The bailie 
figured to be an offensive one as the 
over/ under line of 27 reflected. 

The game was originally scheduled on 
a Sunday, but ABC's Wide World oj Sports 
asked that it be moved up a day to 
accommodate live television. Both sides 
agreed to the change . 

The contest was slated for 1 pm, but 
. had to be delayed for more than an 

hour as the security force was having 
trouble handling the overflow of fans 
flooding Old Miramar Road . 

After things finally quieted down to a 
low roar, the team captains met on the 
pitcher'S mound for the coin toss. The 
Typos won. The Express accused the 
Guardian of using the two-headed coin 
trick, but did not employ the proper 
procedure in registering their complaint 
properly, and the Typos led off. 

With Managing Editor Phil Lauder on 
the mound (you pitch to your own team 
in this league, pal), the Guardian 

" opened the scoring with three runs in 
the first. Consecutive singles by 

&ns and &bby: Where 's th( president } 

Associate News Editor Sean Wagstaff, 
photographer/ illustrator John Ashlee, 
and News Editor Phil Willon loaded the 

. bases, and all three Typos crossed the 
plate on a three-base error by former AS 
Programmer Marc Geiger, who 
misplayed a fly ball to straightaway 
center. 

The Express got one back in .me 
bottom of the first when Commissioner 
of Public Relations Lisa Wagner rifled a 
bullet down the leftfield line for a 
double and came around to score two 
outs later when Contributing News 
Editor Ste~ Friedman dropped a 
routine pop up to third base. 

But the Guardian broke the game 
wide open in the second inning, as me 
team exploded for eight runs. climaxed 
by Editor Tim August's two-run, two-out 
single through the middle of a drawn-in 
infield. driving in Associate Ans Editor 
John Nee and paste-up worker Karla 
Spencer. 

August went on to drive in five runs 
on the day and claim Most Valuable 
Player honors. 

The Express found themselves down 
11-1 after two innings, a situation that 
AS President Marc Boroditsky later 
recalled to have been "most distressing." 

"A lot of real talent wasn 't out there 

Express VP: A player Jor all fields . 

for us, and I had no idea where they 
were," said Boroditsky. 

Besides his players, Boroditsky had 
trouble keeping tabs on a slowly hit 
grounder to third with the bases loaded 
in the fourth inning. Upon discovering 
he had overrun the ban, "Boris" 
retrieved it but mrew wildly to home, 
allowing two more Guardian runners to 
cross the plate. 

Down 13-2 in the fifm, the Express 
rallied to close to within four, as SB~ 
Representative Greg Arnold drove in'tWO 
runs with a single, Vice President Mary 
Rose Alexander added two more wim a 
double. and Warren Rep. Vern ~rez 
cracked a home run to left-center. 

But me Typos popped the corks in 
the eighm, as Opinions Editor Joe 
Desiderio reached base with his founh 
hit of the day, Hiatus Editor Andrew 
Keeler walked, and Features Editor 
Christopher Canole blasted a homer 
over the centerfield fence . 

The AS rallied again in the ninth, but 
a superb double play turned by Lauder 
ended any Express hopes. 

The challenge has been made by the 
Express for a ~match-water polo in 
inner tubes, yet-but in this world of 
high-pressure and c!eadline 
plmmitments one has to wonder: Just 
how many chances can ya give a guy? 

The Guardllln Win or lose, we booze. 

,,' , . .~.:5 .....~. . . ~ , . ' • ' , 

Sports Slab---
Friday-Sept. 21 

Men's soccer vs, Biola University at La Mirada, 3 pm. Women's soccer 
vs. Chapman College at Orange, 6 pm. Women's volleyball in La Verne 
Tournament at La Verne <through Sat.), 
Saturday-Sept. 22 

Men's and women's cross country-UC Riverside Invitational at 
Riverside, 10 am, Men's water polo vs. Pomona Pitzer at UCSD Canyon 
View Pool, 10 am, 

Sunday-Sept, 23 
Women's soccer vs. San Diego State University at UCSD, 10 am. 

Tuesday-Sept.25 
Women's soccer vs. CPSU Pomona at UCSD, 4 pm. Women's 

volleyball vs. Chapman CoUege at Orange, 7:30 pm. 

Wednesday-Sept. 26 
Men's soccer vs. Claremont-Mudd-Scripps at UCSD, 3 pm. Women's 

soccer vs, UC Irvint at UCSD, 5 pm. 

Thursday-Sept. 27 
Men's soccer vs. University of Portland at Muir Field, 7:30 pm. Men's 

water polo vs. Claremont-Mudd Co&ses at Claremont, 3 pm, 

UCSD sweeper Marci Stobuow prevents a UC Santa Barbara goal 
by banging the ball away with a header. Stolarow and the Triton 
defense didn't play "prevent" enough, however, as the Gauchos, 
California's second-ranked team, downed the hosts 5-0 at Warren 
Field Tuesday afternoon. 

Thursday, Sept 20. 1984 21 
'S~ILTS 

An Olympic Diary ... 
It's Saturday and we have the day off. Luis has tickets to men's volleyball 

tonight, Japan versus Egypt and China versus Canada. 
We ha~ dinner in a sandwich shop near me Long Beach Arena. Luis is 

wearing his LAOOC stalT shin so the woman behind the bar asks him about 
it. She is awe struck: "You were the one who raised me Olympic f1aJt? They 
said your name on TV!" She runs back and tells the manager who olters us a 
free dinner and a free beer for Luis whenever he comes in from now on. We 
are instant celebrities. 

The game is not a major one, yet there are crowds of people outside 
wanting tickets. A man offers us $40 for our $5 cheap seats. Do all these 
people crave voileybaB so badly, or is it Olympic fever? 

Japan wins wimout difficulty, and Canada disposes of China. A crowd of , 
people chanting "USA! USA!" leaves me Arena, even though the US team isn't 
in eimer match. Luis and I walk by the docks from which me Olympic yachts 
are leaving. We have a contest trying to identify me line-up of flags . It's odd: I 
though that with all the hype, evetyone would be tired of the Olympics by 
now. After months of being fed Snickers and Coke and hearing trumpets in 
my sleep, I mought I would hate anything with five rings on it Yet here I am, 
doing what only a true Olympic junkie would do: vying to correctly identify 
some 140 flags. "No. r.~. that's Andorra, I'm sure of it .... " 

RonaHu-
AuaUit 5. The loo-kilometer road race is on a closed stretch of the 91 

Freeway. The bus driver tells us "Go play on the freeway" jokes. It is hot, and 
mere is only me non-air-conditioned bus (a regular yellow school bus with 
"festive federalism" Stars and stripes) for shade. But as long as we are in the 
public eye we are not allowed to take off our jackets. We are next to the US 
cycling team van, so we watch Connie Carpenter (US gold medal) fuss about 
like a momer hen. Eric Heiden is almost unrecognizable with his long hair, 
scruffy chin and John Lennon sun2lasses, but his huge thighs give him away. 
He agrees good-naturedly to pose lOr photos, and tells me that during his time 
as a UCSD student, he hated the school and especially hated Revelle. 

Our venue ceremony manager finally agrees to let us in the air conditioned 
Winnebago reserved ,for VIPs, as long as all me men lea~ when the King of 
Sweden arrives. The women may act as hostesses and stay. In a little while , 
the men are ushered out, ~rumbling, and we commandeer their drinks and 
arrange ourselves graciously. about. But His Majesty doesn't appear: He doesn"t 
want to miss any of the race. , 

The race is over, and we are arranged behind the finish line. Juan Antonio 
Samarach, p~sident of the International Olympic Committee, is on hand to 
present the medals. Members of the press who are allowed to enter the 
restricted area goggle at the medals and instantly lose all professionalism. They 
want to pose wim us, they want to touch a gold medal just once, jUst touch it; 
mey grab at us to pose for just one more picture. Finally, we are in order. 

The lIaUans have won the gold and e~ryone of Italian descent in me LA 
area is Conning an adoring mass around them. A lot of females not of Italian 
descent are busy adoring too, because the Italian cycliSts are all dark and very 
handsome. 

The sOver medalist Swiss are tired and not too happy, not having had the 
chance to shower yet and pressing ice packs to various pans of their bodies. 
The Americans are disappointed wim meir third place finish . Connie 
Carpenter and husband Davis Phinney are in a liplock; the crowd cheers 
them, but we must tear them apan so that he can receive his medal. 

Two minutes before the ceremonies: The medals are on their pillow, 
athletes in order, crowd di~persed. As always, there is the crackle from nearby 
security waUOe-talkies: "By the way, has anyone seen the team from Belize?"' 
We hear shouts. and coming very fast down [he hill is none other than the 
team from Belize, 20 minutes after the end of the race , heading straight 
towards the finish line ... AND US. There is mass confusion, a flash of bicycle 
wheels, and a scattering of white suits, cameramen, athletes and dignitarit:~ . 
Someone grabs Ana, caoying the gold medals, out of the way just in time. 
Miraculously, no one is hun. I am still minking about our "trampled by 
bicycles" jokes f!"lm the other day. We re~up and start over. 

Everyone has been telling me, "Don't wony, all the athletes speak 
English: 1 find out in a huny that this isn't true. Luckily, the Swiss forgive my 
imperfectly accented French and take meir correct places, only to wander 
all aver the place as soon as my back is turned. They are still saddlesore 
from meir 62-mUe ride. so as they step up to th~ podium they 

) tIHTlaN.. ON 'M' a.J ;' 

could be worse ... 

There might not be a Guardian meeting tomorrow, 

But there is!!! 
3 pm at the Guardian office; see it to believe it. 



A MESSAGE OF 
INTEREST TO THE 

TALENTED PEOPLE 
OF THIS WORLD: 

, 

I 

Get a job at the Guardian!! 
Arrange for an inteNiew this week for any of the 

following positions: illustrator/graphic artist photo-
grapher, and paste-up worker. Our number is 452-
3466, and we're located southeast of Revelle. 
Haven' you lived without us long enough? 

SIGN UP NOW! 
Sign up infonnation and event details are now available at: 

(university publication to pub-set 
specific information in this area) 

Ford is proud to sponsor the Ford 
Bronco 11 Volleyball Classic. A very spe-
cial intramural volleyball tournament 
for your college intramural program. 

JOIN THE FUN 
Read the information above and sign 

up with )'OUr Intramural/Recreational 
Sport Department today! 

EVERYONE CAN PLAY 
All students, staff and faculty are eli-
gible to compete. Winners receive 
awards courtesy of Ford Motor 
Company. 

(pub-set Intramural Dept. co-sponsor in this are:1) 

Official \chicle U(tM U.S. \~lIe)'ball Auociauon FORD BRONCO II and lite 1984 U.S. Volleyball 
Team . .. A CoJdm Ptiformona! 
Ford congratulates the U.S. Men's Volleyball Team 
on winning the Olympic Gold Medal. 

As their proud sponsor, Ford Division salutes the 
U.S. Men's Volleyball Team for its gold-medal per-
formance in the XX(J( Olympics at Los Angeles. 
To go all the way to the XXIII Olympiad, you need 
raw talent, tireless dedication, and years of hard 
work. The U.S. Volleyball Team displayed them 
all, and we applaud their achievement. 

Csum 1f ~tu1 
CC<O>Il'inl rr»llette Thllz 

IPiiccfuulIfe 1 
Then maybe you ftt 
our picture of what 

a GaanIIaa 
tDustrator should 

be. If you can make 
an Idea come to life 

with a pencil and 
eraser, come In and 
show us your stuff. 
Call us at 452-3468 

to arrange an 
Interview, and make 

yourself a part of 
the GaanIIaa 

picture. 

I 

Diary 
) 0tN1'W.- ft,Ift ~ &, ) 

ceremonies. It 's unfair. consld~nng how 
many photos there will be of us in 
various albums around the country. or 
around the world for that mailer. 

Alii'" 7. We are back at Santa 
Anita Tor the Equestrian Team Jumping 
competition . We a.re especially grateful 
for our dduxe waiting room now. 
because we have heard that at most 
venues pages simply wait for hours in 
midday sun . But here we are, safe from 
prying eyes and cameras. sunk into 

this tIIne. 
Again the Americans have won. so we 

will have good coverage. They are 
showing the event live. Prince Philip 
greets us with "the same old 10(. eh?" By 
the end of these events. His Royal 
Highness may not remember our names 
or know anything about us. but if we 
ever run inco him agin, he will 
remember having seen us before . How 
very comforting. 

The ceremony proceeds as planned, 
except that Prin<;e Philip decides. 

tuck their icepacks into their jerseys, 
like giant tumors. I stifle my laughter 
into an extnt-wide grin. As the medals 
are presented. the Swiss discretely reach 
back in their shorts to scratch their sore 
derrieres. This is too much: Valerie is 
praticaOy cl}'ing, and I grit my teeth and 
whisper, ~Don't Iaugh ... don·tlaugh .... " 
Luckily, the cameras don't catch them. 
although there are cameras everywhere 
else. A medal bearer steps back into one 
cameraman who is shooting the medals 
from over her shoulder. Another 
photographer is crouched on the 
gt'OWld, and appears to be shooting up 
Amy's skin. 

The ceremony ends. As we lead the 
athletrs away from the podium. the 
crowd closes in, eager to hug and kiss 
the lIalian cyclists. I plow past a camera 
from Rome-lV. and the athletes are 
conducted to relative safety. Kirk 
congratulales Valeria and me for our 
exceptionaly radiant and natural smiles. 

Off stage, Brett has his fingers between his 
teeth and is looking very worried. Someone's 
walkie-talkie crackles fUriously, "First Aid alert! 
We're going to have to carry those girls off the 

We are tnvited 10 a party at the 
Vdodrome for the cyclists and 
voiWlteers. AD the giris are hoping 
Gaudio will be there. but he apparently 
has bettrr things to do. Still. sliver 
medalist Nelson Vails is on hand to 
greet wen-wishers. Budweiser (the 
official beer. or something like that) is 
free and plentiful. End of roday's events. 

Auaust 6. We practice at the Rose 
Bowl Tor our Soccer/focxbaO awards 
ceremony. which will have seventeen 
players per team. We take pictures, 
panly because we will probably never be 
on the field of the Rose Bowl again. and 
panly because we have had few picture-
taking opportunities so far. It·s 
considered gauche to walk around in 
unifonn canying a camera, and of 
course we can't have cameras during the 

field on stretchers." 
deep leather chairs. playing cards on 
the suede-covered table. watching the 
events on closed-circuit lV. We are free 
to do a whole variety of unwholesome 
or unphotogenic activities. like smoking 
or chewing gum. But sleep is so rare 
around here that the favorite activity is 
taking a nap. We often get back at 
midnight. only to have another 
ceremony at 6:30 the next morning. 
This requires getting up at 4 am for me: 
enough time to shower and put on gobs 
of makeup as required. grab a bite. and 
drive from Palos Verdes to the 
Convention Center. Even at 6 am on 
track and field days there are traffic 
jams near the Coliseum. 

We decide that today's ceremonies 
will go perfectly. Amy. Laura and I. the 
three athlete escons, will wait until we're 
sure the horses are in the tunnel. We 
will wait, if necessary. until the crowd 
leaves, because it's better too late chim 
too early. We are not getting trampled 

W<e m<e<e<dl y<O>1Jlltoo 
If you knovn your grammer, and 
you, Dkes too reed lots of ar--
dickies, and, glt paved four It 
to, you mite Dkes to appUe 
for the poslshun of coppee 
edItre at the preIIen. It 

takes sum time, and lots of 
gud Islte: to: but hay, It pals 
bl8 mony. Besydes: we kneed 
you.% upIy at the sardlen oftsls 
soufeest of revel, or caD x3466. 

perhaps. that men look sissy with 
flowers . For whatever reason . the male 
riders are given their medals as their 
viCtory bouquets are presented to the 
female grooms holding the horses. At 
least he remembered the flowers ... 

The horses take off on their viCtory 
lap, and pass by in front of us. Amy and 
Laura and I stand perfectly still. smiling 
for aU we're wonh . We lead the 
procession, so everyone else is obliged 
to wait too. Peter Loker. our Venue 
Ceremonies Manager. is signaling on the 
sideline for us to go. We do not move. 
He drops his arm. again , and agam and 
again , so we reluctantly begin the 
recessional. We are halfway there. stili 
looking dead ahead at Peter, when he 
suddenly looks very apologetic. All the 
offstage pages are jumping up and down 
and waving and screaming for us to 
Stop. We stop directly behind a jump 
that blocks us from the view of the 
oncominR riders. It occurs to me that. as 

Thwsilay. Sepl . 20. 198~ 23 

they come around the bend , they will 
not have lime to Stop when they see us. 
We suddenly reahze that. in the spirit of 
shOWing off for the jubilant crowd. the 
riders may take the jump and land 
squarely on top of us. We are dead for 
sure. 

Amy is swearing furiously under her 
breath. including some choice words for 
Peter. The first aid people are getting 
very busy, unpacking medical 
equipment. I try to look without turning 
my head. but aD I see is the massive 
jump beside us. Offstage. Brett has his 
fingers between his teeth and is looking 
very worried. Someone's walkie-talkie 
crackles furiously, "First Aid alent We're 
going to have to carry those girls off the 
field on stretchers." 

The rumble is closer. and now closer. 
and around the edge of the jump the 
riders appear. inches away. They rein in 
and narrowly miss us. A gust of wind in 
my hair-from hooves? Or collective 
sighs of relief? And the crisis is over. 
The silver medalists, perhaps warned by 
the crowd. take an altemate route by 
another jump. and the bronze medalists 
foUow suit. We march off the field , 
shaken but intact. Peter is hiding 
somewhere, but Amy spots him and 
stomps off to go yeU at him. 

August 8. A day off. I sleep until 
noon . then go to have lunch with Sal. 
an Angeleno friend of mine. He takes 
me down streets festooned in magenta 
and orange. to the Beverly Center and 
Hard Rock Cafe. He wants very much 
for me to get him an OlympiC pos ter. or 
one of the authentic banners. or 
something .. . anything! At the Beverly 
Center. a wide screen TV is showing 
scenes of the OlympiCS. "LA 84" banners 
hang from the ceiling. 

When I return from lunch to Palos 
Verdes, there is a little boy across the 
street running around holding a garden 
tool in the air. · What's that?" asks his 
father. "The Olympic Torch." he 
answers. 





The Magazine 
of the '80s 

fdltor 
ANDR[W Kr:fILR 

Assodall ,\rts r.dltor 
.10111"1 I'1f[ 

Writers 

5 

MIK[ AI1I'1 . JAN BUS-
1AUf:R. CI1R1STOPI1f:R CANOLl. 
.lOAN roIlSIlr:RG, ROI"IA I1U. M.s. 
I1UI'fT (c"nknlng). PAUL 1"1. 
.101"11:5. CLYOfl"lf I"IEE 

[ditorial 451-]466 
AcIw~rtislng 451-}468 

Ni.ltus is published evny 
Thur~~y of the 5Chool yelr 15 it 
supplement to tht- UCSD 
GUAII>lAI'1. Reproduction or II5t 
without written permission 01 ~ny 
portion of this nYgazlnc is I 110-
no. We welcome unsolicited 
letters. nYlRI5Cripb Ind iItWOrk. 
but ISSUI'M no responsibility for 
the rdurn of such. Send 
infonNltlOllto: 

HIATUS 
&-016. La Jolla 

(I .. 9209J 

ANI th.t s the fact. JlCkl 

Contents 
Cover: With the grim 
prospect of the first day of 
classes at hand it is comforting 
to know UCSD's University 
Events Office has plenty 
planned to keep your mind off 
studying. Story on page 3. 

REM ................ pqe 5 
The Athens, Georgia based 

band is a favorite with critics and 
fans alike. With their current 
tour recently passing through San 
Diego, Hiatus had a chance to 
grab a few words with the band. 

uLife With Wine" . .. paF 9 
Nancy Chirich's new book on 

wine inspired our own man-
abouHown James Ralph Papp to 
scribble down a few remarks. 

Goinp on .. . .. .. ... paF 11 
This year Hiatus presents an 

expanded "Goings on" section 
with listings of on and off campus 
events of note. 

Sowbo 
needs the 
beacb ••• 
When you've 
got !flatus? 

Keep w ...... and dry, write for Hlabasl 
Just. when you thought It was safe ... we want you to 

come and be part of the excltlng staft' of "Ytus. the 
best thing to hit campus since the ros. If you have an 
Interal In lV, drama, art. music, movies, books or 
anything vaguely related to arts or entertainment, 
come by and say howdy. no experience Is necasary, 
but It belpslf JOU can swim. call4~2-3466IDC1''' for 
Andrew Keeler 01' CbrIs Young 01' stop by our luxurlous 
oftIca aoutheut of the Revelle Provost, nut to the 
the care. 

New WrIters Meet1Dg 
rrlday, Sept. 21 at:5 pDl. 
At the Guardian Oftlces 

Everyone Is welcome 

Mugs. I-.Shirts. Bedspreads. Rock-n-RoU Memorabilia. Fmejewelry. Posters. Stickers. StuI'edAnimals.Art Prints • Games • Gifts.Cards. MUiS. I-Shirts. 
Bedspreads. Rock-n-Roll Memorabilia. FlOe • Stickers. Stuffed Animals. Art Prints. Games. Gifts • • T-Shirts. Bedspreads • 
Rock-n-Roll Memorabilia. fine jewelry. • Stuffed Animals. Art Prints. Games. Gifts. Cards. • Bedspreads. Rock-n-Ron 
Memorabilia. Fine jewelry. Posters. • Games. Gifts • • T-Shirts. • Rock-n-RoD Memorabilia. 
fine jewelry • Posters. Stickers. Stu!ed Memorabilia. Rnejewelry. 
Posters. Stickers. Stuffed Animals. • Fine jewelry. Posters. 
Slickers. Stuffed Animals. Art Prints • Cards. Mugs. I-Shirts. Bedspreads. Rock-n-RoD Memorabilia. Finejewelry. Posters. Stickers. Stufed 
Animals. Art Prints . Games. Gifts. Cards • I -Shirts. • Rock-n-Roll Memorabilia. Fine jewelry • Posters. Stickers. Stuffed Animals.Art 
Prinls • Games. Gifts. Cards. Mugs. I-Shirts. Bedspreads. • AIle jewelry. Posters. Stickers. Stuffed Animals. Art Prints. Games • 
Gifts. Cards. Mugs. I -Shirts. Bedspreads. Rock-n-Roll • Stickers .StufedAnima1s • Art Prints.Games. Gifts. Cards. 
Mugs. I -Shirts. Bedspreads. Rock-n-Roll Memorabilia. • Art Prints. Games. Gifts. Cards. Mugs. I-Shirts. 

There's more than meets the eye at Interutloaal GlA8I 

University Towne Center 
IlC1d to the Broadway 

2 Hiatus Sept. 20, 1984 

r---------------------1 

Stacleat PO .... 
Special 

POSTERS 
FOR 1HE PRICE OF 

. I 
I 

..................... : L _____________________ • 

452·7755 
08'er with l1da Ad. ExpIIu Oct. 15, 1984 

That's 
Entertainment 

By ANDREW KEELER 
A major complaint heard on, and 

about. this campus is the lack of 
extracurricular lOCial aqiviries-
read fun. The intramural sports 
program has continually been 
outstanding. but who ya lOnna' call 
for entertainment? 

San Diego, when accessible to 
students, has allO been accused of 
being a cultural wasteland. If you do 
not have big coin or an 10. your 
choices become even more limited. 
This brinKS us back to UCSD and. in 
particular, the University Events 
Office (UEO). 

Rock, dance. movies, theater and 
comedy are a ample of the fares 
offered to students throuP UEO. 
The .taff has put toKether what it 
hopes will be the best .nd most 
diverse aeason of performances ever. 
Besides the obvious handicap of 
expensive artists and touring groups. 
the staff has been faced with the 
growing problem of lack of adequate 
facilities and venues on campus. 
With the controversial passage of 
the new student c~nter, a new movie 
theater and concert hall may be on 
the horizon. 

Much more is being offered this 
year than you will probably be able 
to lee. The .hows are alIo desisned 

with students' wallets in mind; most 
have student discounts or are already 
low priced. Performers like Harry 
Anderson, Robin Williams. Andy 
Kaufman, Ian Hunter, The Joffrey II 
and many more have graced the 
stages of UCSD, and more big names 
are in store for 1984-85. 

The first event of the year is a treat 
for J.R.R. Tolkien fans. Le Theatre 
Sans Fil of Montreal will perform 
The Hobbie with 48 giant rod puppets 
ranKing from four to 12 feet in 
height. Bilbo Baaina and the rest of 
the png will travel to Mandeville on 
Friday. October 5. 

POIIibly the highlight of the 
season is the October 10 
performance of the world~famous 
Flyil\l Karamuov Brothers. They 
might not be related. but all five of 
the "Brothers" share a common 
talent. Described as a mix of the 
Marx Brothers and Monty Python, 
these guys will jua!e meat cleavers, 
sickles, dumbbella, swords, apples 
and anything else they can get off the 
ground. 

Two major concerts are coming to 
campus this quarter. La Jolla's 
"favorite," The Fixx. will be at the 
gym on October 26. Two years ago 
the band was scheduled to play at the 

The NROTC Conege Program. 
$2,000 Expense Money Anc!' 
A Navy Officer Commission. 

Tht t"1>-yrar NROTC ColI"~ P"'l!ntm "ff~ri ~"U , .. ,' ~.,ar~ .,1 t'l'<'n',' 
monty that's .. orlh "p '0 '1.00(1 plu> ,h~ chal1<n~~ "r """,'mln~ ~ 
Na'l officf!r v. .. ilh t&tl~ r~spoMihllili~, and J(,l' ''ll," ' md~ln!! "ulhl'ri l ~ 
During ~"ur tas, , .... ' ~~a" '" c"II~1l<' 'he 'a\~ ra~, rllr "nll.'nn\. '1(I )l( 
te.fbooks . and an alll1-.anCt 0' !t10i1 a m~ lO(h 'tlr up h.1 .2fl m,'nlh, 
Upon .,adu8ti,," and completion n' r('4ulft'mt'nl" \(\U I"lcI..·Pn1t' :J \,J \ \ 
offictr. " .. i.h imlhlnanl declslon'm~~IO!! rC'plln),t'tllillC" 
Call ~our l'a\~ rtprt~t'nlali\t~ 'nr mnrr: Inr~ ' rma(ltln \In Itll" 

ch.lI~nging program. 
SAM DIEGO NROTC 293-48.11 

Navy Officers Get Responsibility Fast 

WORKSTUDY 
SIUDENIS 
WANTED! 

The Library needs student 
employees with wOrk/study! 

WOrk/study jobs are available in 
the Central Library and all 

branches. Call 452-3063 or come 
in to the Library Personnel Office 

(2nd floor, Central Library). 

Rodeo, but backed out at the last 
minute because they claimed the 
stage was too small. Hopefully, with 
a new album, The Fixx has a new 
attitude. and we can enjoy another 

sweat~filled evening in the gym. 
An artist with a better reputation. 

jazz guitarist Pat Metheny, will play 

November 10. He has been popular 
with fans and critics alike since the 
release of the 1978 album Pat 
Metheny (iTOI4/>. 

The night before Metheny 
performs, Chicago's S4rcond City 
Comedy Troupe will bring some 

plaue eum co .... e .. 

University Evenrs OfBce presenrs 

THIS IS THE STORV 
OF A SMAll TOWN 

tHAT lOSll1S DREAMS, 
AN) A BIG-CITY KD 

WHO BROUGHT HM BACK. 

Sept 2 I, Friday, 8 p.m. SI.00 
Mandeville Auditorium 
UCSD Box 08ice: 4'2-4559 

GUN» OPJ;NING 
Ie' ...... r 24, 1884 

CASA NIGHT UTES" 
6:30 pm • 10:30 pm 

(GIooap SIady, eaa •• $nee") 
IIoad.,.Wecfoacl8y 

Speclalty Coffees 
Brewed Flavored Teas 

Cookies, PastrIes, Snacks 
If you .... OD cempaala .. 

III the """"''' come JoiD aa. 
~Pt. 20, 1984 Hiatus 3 



UEO 
continued {Tom page J 
wild humor to campus. The Windy 
City group has been a breeding 
ground for comics from Aykroyd 
and Belushi to Murray and Candy. 

Along with presenting these 
special shows, VEO has enjoyed a 
reputation for fine series 
programming, including dance and 
chamber music. Four grand evenings 
of dance have been scheduled this 
year. The Clive Thompson Dance 

Co. kicks off the series October 7. 
Bill T. Jones/ Arnie Zane & Co. 
follow with an evening of 
con temporary performances 
January 13. Also that month is the 
North Carolina Dance Theatre. 
Encompassing a breadth of styles, 
the group will play on January 27. 
Last but not least is the performance 
by the American Ballet Company. A 
company with a sense of humor, 
ABC will be here February 21. 

Popular with the community as 
well as the students is the annual 
chamber music series. The first two 
concerts are by two quartets that are 
not strangers to VCSD. Founded 

THE FUTURECOPV PlACE 
WELCOMES BACK 

STUDENTS. FACULTY 

4 1/z( 
Self Service Copies 

Mon .• Thurs. e am • e pm 
fri . e am • 6 pm 

Sat. 10 am ·5 pm 
Sun. 12 noon ·5 pm 

. • 7-3775 
1155 Villa La Jolla Dr. 

(Near Ralph •• SaY-On) 

THE FUTURECOPY PlACE 

The Office of Campus Recreation. 
ASUCSD & I BUD u<;!tT1 present: 

Annual Fall Festival 
on the Green 

Friday. October 5 
l1a.m.·7p.m. 
Urey Lawn 

featuring: 

I ,.~~ jo1.1t~ 
t Wi~ . 'l/..dOf'C,\rO ~eO 

JI,jJQ\\rO 

festfRill ~~& 
# 

* TG & Live Band * 
Deportment ~ Physical Education x4037 

4 Ria,," Sept. 20, 1984 

almost 40 years ago, the Juliard 
String Quartet opens the series 
October 24. The Guarneri String 
Quartet will celebrate its 20th 
anniversary season at UCSD on 
November 9. From Stuttgart, 
Germany, comes the Melos Quartet 
fo r a special performance on 
November 15. And closing the series 
will be the award-winning Emerson 
String Quartet on January 18. 

This should keep you entertained 
for the time being. If you want more 
information on any shows or would 
lik e to put on your own 
programming, the nice folks at VEO 
would like to hear from you. Pat Metheny fIl4,. at VCSD Notl. 10 

See your Joslens representative. 
Septerriber 20, 21, 24, 25 

10 am - J pm 
,""'" ... ,. ,. University Bookstore 

UNIVERSllY BOOKSTORE 

QUESTIONS 

Well... 

II Hae to AIIIIt You 

Just Ask at the Course book Counter 

,", ,..::.: 

BUy A Ken MOVie DIScount card • Get 2 extra 

THUMDM'. lUI .lIt 20 
GAY Fl.MS • DOUBLE I'REMiERE 

THI CUNIC: 8:00, 10:00 
TlllLOGY: 8:00 

~Y."'" 11&122 
KiNe Of HIARTS: 3:36. 7:311 
.IIIAD AND CHOCOLATI 

6:30, 8:30 

. . 

"" , 

I,*""Y. 1&'1 .81 23 
WALT DlIfIIIY·. MILI8TOIIIII 

IN ANIMATION 
2:40. 4:20. 8 :00. 7:40, 9:20 

MOIImAY. I8'TEMISI 24 
THE VIAll O' LIVING 

DANClIIIOUILY: 7:36 
YOL: 6:30. 9:46 

KEN CINEMA ,'R I 'l~ilq .: i.l" r\ " 1 • , 'I 

By RODDY BOGAWA &. JOHN NEE 

R.E.M. is one of the few new 
American bands working within pop 
music and pop radio to use this 
medium without succumbing to its 
typical traps and poses. After 
turning in an impressive showing at 
the Del Mar Fair last month, R.E.M. 
returned to San Diego to play at the 
Fox Theatre. 

This show demonstrated the 
improvement of the band's aspects 
of performance and mastering of the 
stage, while also showing how much 
the band cares about its own music. 
The adjective furthest from mind 
when describing R . E.M . is 
pretentious. The energy goes into the 
music, rather than poses, and from 
the music to the audience and 
listener. In conversation with 
guitarist Peter Buck. one realizes why 
they are so successful at this 
approach. They are not simply 
acting. They are simply doing what 
they want to do. 

Jumping out of nowhere with the 
success of the LP Chronic Town and 
the single "Radio Free Europe, It 
R.E.M. is now in a position of 
critical acclaim which one might 
think would feed the ego to excess. 
Peter Buck alternatively offers, "The 
critical acclaim is so strange because 
it is so overwhelming, but the main 
thing is that it is nice to be 
appreciated by your peers of other 
bands. That is probably the most 
satisfying. " 

Although the critics' choice is not 
always the people's choice, on this 
one the critics are right on the mark. 
More important, the listeners seem 
to be responding as well. Obviously 
happy about that fact, Buck replied, 
"We used to have strongholds in 

certain towns such as Nashville, 
Minneapolis, and New York, but 
now everywhere we always have 
good audiences. Our fans Kem to 
ha ve a wide range of interests and are 
mUSically aware. That's pretty 
satisfying, because I would Like to 
thinle that we are reaching people 
that are aware." 

At the Fox show a couple of weeks 
ago, the Nrnout was fairly small, but 
it seemed everyone there knew the 
songs and was attempting to sing 
along with Michael Stipe's 
indecipherable lyrics and 
unforgettable melodies. As Buck 
mentioned, the audience "ran the 
gamut," but had one thing in 
common, coming to see R.E.M. The 
show was hampered by a giant 
orchestra pit separating the band 
from the audience (Stipe apologized 
during the show, "Sorry for the 
moat"), but the size of the hall was 
not too big or too small. 

Everyone could see and hear the 
band well, and, more important, feel 
the energy. Although having played 
with The Police in arenas ("cattle 
barns" ) holding as much as 90,000 
people, the band prefers smaller 
venues with better acoustics. Besides 
this obvious advantage, Buck also 
stated, "We don't liJce playing in 
places where you need video screens 
to see anything. Those concerts have 
no intimacy and are too physical. 
You're forced into doing those 
typical rock and roll things in arenas 
that large." 

Live, R.E.M. is at its very best. 
The pressure of interaction of band 
members and improvisation is what 
they thrive on. At the Fox. they 

pIerue cum co pqe 8 

UNCL 
Council Travel Services 

WELCOMIIACK 
UCSD Students, Faculty, and Staff. 

The friendly, knowledgable staff of your 
ON CAMPUI 

IIaveI agency 
Is 'NOlting to help with all your travel needs. We 
are fully computerized and our services Include: 
flights, tours, Ral/passes, language centers, the 

Inri Student 10 Card, youth hostel cards • 
and much more. 

Plea .. stop Into the student Center 
or call 452-0630. 

Elias Hair Design 
Casual. Comfortable. Californian. 

(fomte\"ly La Jolla 
Curting Compan,) 
737 PeaTl Sr., La Jolla 
456-1170 456-1815 

Newtltop; 
760B Linda Vista Rd. 
(Mesa College DR. & ,63) 
Z68-886S 

Prec:iIion acyle CUh for women $ll (reg, $r8) 
Prec:Won ICyle cum for men $10 (reg , $r,) 

Direecional perllll SZS (rel/. lfo) . Sculpcurecl nalil (full let) $18 (re,. ~) 
Manicure &. pedicure StS (reg. $21i). Celloplwle $15 (reI· $2,) 

One hour facial now $28 (rell. ~) 
Carefree T.e.s. curl $30. Be ... rouch up $30 

Sp.xUlI good ",iell lid willi Jt!la:1td ,,,l islS IlIyow«" ro/ J ,/~ 

Sept. 20. ~984 HicahU S 



U C.8 AN.D IEGO 

UNIVERSITY EVENTS OFFICE 
1984-1985 SEASON 

Juilliard String Quartet 
October 24, Wednesday 

G.A. $13, UCSD St. $5.50 

October 26, Friday, UCSD Gym 
$13.75 all 

KODO 

Choreographer 
Agnes de Mille 

a lecture with film 
October 26, Friday 

G.A. $8, UCSD Fac/Staff $7, St. $5 

Melos Qy.aartet, Stuttprt 
November 15, Thursday 

G.A. $13, UCSD St. $5.50 

Pulitzer Prize winning cartoonist 
Paul Conrad 

January 24, Thursday. 7:30 p.m. 
G.A. $6, UCSD Fae/Staff $5. St. $4 

From Montreal 
Theatre s.n. FU'. 

The Hobbit 
October 5, Friday 

G.A: $8, UCSD Fac/Staff $6, St. U 

GuarneriSbinl~ret 
November 9, Friday 

G.A. $13, UCSD St. $5.50 

Emenon Strinl Qy.aartet 
January 18, Friday 

G.A. $13. UCSD St. $5.50 

Dell' Arte Players in 
Malpractice or Laue's the Best Doctor 

January, 25, Friday 
G.A.$7, UCSD Fae/Staff $6, St. $5 

from Ireland 

New York's 
Clive Thompson DanceCompany 

October 7, Sunday 
G.A. '$10.50, UCSD Fac/Staff$8.50, St. $6.50 

Chicago's 

Touring 
Company 

• 
• 

November 10, Saturday 
G.A. $9, UCSD Fac/Staff $8, St. $7 

New York's Post-Modem 
Bill T. Jonesl Arnie Zane & Co. 

January 13, Sunday 
G.A. $10.50, UCSD Fae/Staff $8.50, St. $6.50 

North Carolina Dance Theatre 
January 27. Sunday 

G.A. $10.50, UCSD Fae/Staff $8.50, St. $6.50 

American Ballet Comedy 
February 21, Thursday 

Flying Karamazov Brothers 
October 10, Wednesday 

G.A. $12, UCSD Fac/Staff $10. St. $8 

in concert 
Pat Metheny Group 

November 11, Sunday, UCSD Gym 
G.A. $13, UCSD St. $10 

Sneak Previews! 
Places in the Heart 
September 28, Friday 

• 
The Little 

Drummer Girl 
October 12. Friday 

Watch the Guardian for 
future announcements! 

Demon Drummers & Dancers of Japan 
January 30, Wednesday 

Boogie &. 8lues Artist 
Memphis Slim 

February 1, Friday 
The Chieftains 

February 13, Wednesday G.A. $9, UCSD Fae/Staff $7, St. $5 
G.A. $12, UCSD Fae/ Staff $10, St. $8 

ROVA 
Saxophone Quartet 

February 22, Friday, Room 8210 
G.A. $5, UCSD Fae/Staff $4. St. $2 

G.A. $7, UCSD Fae/Staff $6, St. $5 

Dance Seriea 
All five dance companies 

for $31.50 

G.A. $10. UCSD FaciStaff $8, St. $6 

Chamber MUlic Serle. 
loth Anni...ersary Season 
Five Concerts for $50 

Theaue Flamenco 
of San Francisco 
April 12, Friday 

G.A. $9, UCSD Fae/Staff $7, St. $5 

---_.~ll~~~~~~~~~)~ •• ~--------------~ •• ~~N®~~~~N.;~ ________________ •• Th~~~k~OC~~O~~ __ _ 
8:00 p.m. in Mandeville Auditorium. \II For information call 452-4559 • 

6 Hiatlu Sept. 20, 198-4 Sept. 20, 1geH ......,... 7 



REM 
continued from pq~ 5 
surprised the audience by doing an 
impromptu version of the &me, 
Miller theme. On another occasion, 
Michael Stipe closed one of their 
songs with an extended vocal of 
" Behind Closed Doors." 

Known for their versions of cover 
songs during encores, they offered 
on this occasion, "I can only give you 
everything," a song by the '60s 
group Them, which Peter Buck 
insists the group has played only six 
t imes. At any rate, the performance 
was an inspired one, and R.E.M. 
gains more control as it gains 
momentum. The show included a 
total of six new originals, which 
Peter Buck says is an attempt to 
"challenge our audience and get 
away from tht whole rock idea of 
p laying the new hits from the latest 
album." 

The new material fit in very well, 
and look for a new album on I.R.S. 

soon, again (we hope) produced by 
Mitch Easter of Let's Active. The 
show was highlighted by versions of 
"Gardening at Night" and "Carnival 
of Sorts (Boxcars)" off Chronic 
Town, both of which seem to get 
better and better. "Don't go back to 
Rockville" was another song that 
was performed with such emotion 
and energy that the audience found 
itself singing along or clapping to 
participate in the music. 

The mOst apparent strength of the 
band is its ability to work on the 
strength of each song. Whatever the 
style chosen, such as that of the 

country~flavored "Rockville" or the 
fuel ~ injected "Boxcars , " the 
emphasis is on making each song the 
best it can be. This deliberate care 
becomes obvious during live 
performances when the band does 
not need to resort to any outside 
stimulus other than the music itself. 

Buck commented on live 
performances and motivation: 
"When you see a band, you should 
ask yourself, 'Are they good?' 'Are 
they faking it? ' and 'Do they care?' " 

R.E.M.m . . . Yes. No. Yes. 

r --- - - - - - - - - - -SNCIALOPn'IIS_ntTNtSADI. - - - - ______ .. 

: Unlike Others 
: Professional Fees Included 
I 
: I-Hour Service In Most Cases 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

a.u1Ch .. d Lomb 
_____ • »o.y I....," 

contact Uris .. 
(for III)'OfMII 

wtth this ~"ment through 0cI0beI' 8. 1984 

I CALL NOW FOR AN APPOINTMENT 
: Dr • ...., GrossnNIn : 
I efI. . 24J -... HIghw., 101. SoI-...... rT! I o.. .... ....-.-w.... I I 411-2277 _ . ' I 
I Houn. Tales. Ihru s.., 10 - •• CIoIecI Sund.y ..... ~ G I L -- __________ INcw.OfIIIIWBM1NTNSAD ____________ -.J 

University Bookstore's 
Sunshine Store 

Welcomes a.ck All Returning Students 
and a Special Welcome II Extended 

to All Ncw Freshmen 
Pica .. stop By and VIsit Our Store. 

'. 
' .. ,', 

... .. 

'. 

.. 

'. 

" '.'~'. 
..... 

. . 

.:. 

,,' ; 
~ :',,' 
., . 

.... ... :: .. .. f·" ' J 
.' 

' .' / .. ..... :' 

The ' ..... :: ..... . . .:: ", 
" / 

. Sunshine Store " .' . .' 
------University Bookstore Hours------

Mon.-Fri. 8:00 to 4:45 • ~t. 10:00 to 4:00 
Extended Hours Sept. 17-26 

8 HiallU Sept, 20, 1984 

Music of 
today 
next week 

UCSO bassist, 
Bertram Turetzky, an 
internationally acclaimed 
performer heads up an 
"Evening of 
Improvisation and 
Composition" 
Wednesday night at 8 
pm in Mandeville. This 
is the first in "The 
Music of Today Series" 
highlighting the 20th 
Century Performer. 

- - - - - - - --,--- ---- - --I ,., , 
a 'VCR.....' 

FOR ! ! 
1 : $7.95 I , ..... , 

ON TAPlI8fTALI : = : 
No Limit Exp. 9/26/84 , Exp. 9/26/84 , 
~---______ L _________ J 

NEW MII'IALI 
Aomancire ~ Slone 

Footloose 
The His Olill 

Splash 
~nst All Odds 

Icanen 

Hi i VIDEO Biz.... "7 GCMIIloaDllVl, ... 1001 
(In the ~ Shor:IpiII9 CaW) Video Mollie Reruls & Sales 

On the town 

Stop wining? 
Bv JAMES RALPH PAPP 

Books about wine are generally 
produced for a small audience to 
read, and for a larger one to display 
on the coffee table. They are written 
for the hobbyist, who has the 
inclination to spend long hours 
learning obscure facts to be repeated 
to other hobbyists. Life with Wine 
does not approach wine in this way, 
in the stamp<ollector's or bird~ 
watcher's literary method. The 
creator of the book, Nancy Chirich, 
gives a portrait, a mosaic portrait, of 

EARN 
WhUeyou 

the wine industry of the Napa and 
Sonoma counties by collecting 
perspectives of it from farmers, 
vintners, publicity people, scientists 
and anyone else involved. 

Chirich transcribes the statements 
of these people verbatim from 
interviews, and while this 
contributes to a feeling of 
informality in the book and an 
intimacy with the characters, and 
bears on the journalistic standards of 
accuracy, it sometimes makes the 

LEARN • . • . OUR COUEGE 
INTERNS AVERAGE 10.00 AN HOUR 
Ask how you can earn while 
you learn - as a Northwestern Mutual 
college agent. You work part-time, 
attend classes fuU-time. A bmlted 
number of Intemihlps are stID available 
For Information call Jay A. Goldby, 
Director of Marketing (619) 234-3111 

The QlEt Company 
NOIIntWllUIN WlTliAl Lift· WLWMJ&U II!I!II 

START LAW SCHOOL IN JANUARY 
GRADUATE IN 24 MONTHS 

c...,.,. WeatIem. &tin DIego's InncMthIe A.B.A. 
8CCIeCIted IIw Khoal, Is tIIdng 1IfIIIbIiui .. for Its JInuaIy 
and August 1985 classes At. c.IfomIa Westem you wII 
hhe the option to puate In 2. 2~, or 3 yurs. Whatever 
you chooee. you wII expedeIa ow unique blend 01 .at-
demIc COUI'IeWOItlIlld comprehensM .. tnIInng. 
WItte or phone for ow free BuIetIn. 
CIIJomI w...n School 01 Uw 
350 CedIr SCnIet s.n DIeto, CA 92101 (619) 2J9.0391 

~----------------------------
------------ ---------------

, CIr _____________ StoIe __ lIp __ 
.. ,. • *_1choaI _____________________ _ 

~ ... ------------------------

CAUFORI"IIA WESTERN: InncMtlve ApprOKhes 
To EJaIence In I..egIII EcIuc:MIon 

reading very trying. 
However, what these people have 

to say is so interesting that one 
generally does not notice that the 
way they say it is not very interesting 
at all. There is no litter of technical 
terms and regional usages, and they 
cornpletely ignore the terminology 
of wine snobbism, except to detract 
from it. 

Some interviews with the very 
ordinary people who work with 
wine, such as the farm laborers, 
would have added another 
interesting dimension to the book, 
since it had already moved away 
from the purely technical into the 
personal. And although the prose 
must suffer as a result of having 
people who are not writers produce 
it, why has it become so popular to 
hire as illustrators people who 

The 
UpperCut 

Men $11 (reg $14) 
Woman$13 (reg $18) 
( shampocrcond.~ut-bloYJdry) 

cannot draw? But this is one of the 
enduring mysteries of modern times. 
Apart from these, 1 cannot think of 
any more flaws Life with Wine holds. 

For those who would rather read 
while they eat than eat while they 
read, there are 70 pages of recipes to 
c ompos e the sec ond half, 
contributed by the people and the 
wineries that populate this book, 
each with suggested wines to 
accompany the finished product. 
The publisher has only sent us the 
book, and none of the dinners, so we 
cannot comment upon these. 

At eight dollars for a paperback 
slightly less than 200 pages long, Life 
with Wine is hardly a bargain, except 
insofar as it comes at about the same 
price as a reasonable bottle of the 
potable, will last longer and will 
destroy fewer of your brain cells. 

Perms $35 
(Inch,Jd, cut) 

acrylic$ S30 I highlighting 527 

featuring NorrIe 
formerlY a La Jolla Cutting Company 

MORE THAN A COMICS STORE!!! 
• Fantasy at role-playing games 
• Fantasy miniatures 
• Japanese models & foys 

The Co'mic Gallery 
4224 Balboa Ave., San DIego, CA 92117 

(comer of Balboa & Oolremont Dr.) 
- Next to Food Basket -

(619) 483-4853 
Copyrighl c 1984 Marvel ComIcs Group. All righlS reHNed. 
SPIDER·MAN: •• _ , ,,,Ma_ComocsG""4> 

highlight 
and quick as a flash SA LE R ... thanJust ............ r 

SwItch from highlighting to jotting notes without chalglng pens, Textor 
comes In six bright fluorescent colors. each with a blue ballpolnt.pen. 

Available now at your college store. 

AUG. 20 - SEPT 30 
ART AND DRAITING 

MATERIALS 
JI. §.1)aJtipls Co. 
1844 INDIA 232-660 1 

Sept. 20, 1984 Hiatw 9 

'. 



UCSD Theatre 
1984-85 Season 

Mandell Weiss Center for the Perfonning Arts 
ExPLORATIONS IN THFATRE 

THAT SIGNAL NEW DIRECTIONS 
FOR THE DRAMATIC ARTS 

FAlJ. 

TRELAWNY OF THE 'WELLS" 
An unabashedly sentimental comedy 
about life in the d)eatre that "sparkles 
with wit...with just the right 
combination of bubbly farce and 
hearts-and-flowers romance." 
Starring Eric Christmas. 
October 31 - Novemba 11 

WINTER 

SPEOAL PROJECT 
Winter means excitement and 
challenge when designers Raben 
Israel and Richard Riddell join forces 
With an emerging directing talent 
from New York's downtown scene. 
This creative collaboration will 
produce an adventurous and 
stimulating dramatic work. 
Fmruary 6-17 

SPRING 

CURSE OF THE 
St'ARVING CLASS 
Sam Shepard's powerful play about a 
family that is starVing-not so much 
for food, but for life-is arresting in 
both its crudity and tenderness. 
Called a "work of eloquent intensity 
and whirlwind farce .... " 
Mel)' 1-12 

PLUS A BONUS OF lWO GRADUATE REPERTORY PLAYS 
See the same profeSSionally trained students play different 
roles in two productions on alternating nights in March. 

5 Plays for Only $18! 
r-----------------------------------------------------------------~ I 0 PLEASE SEND ME A COpy OF THE SUBSCRIPTIONS: I 
I 198 .. -85 SEASON BROCHURE RIGHT AWAY • ofPrnicw subalpduus or Scu+n« s I 
: NAME subscriptions __ at 518 : 
I • of UCSD faculty/SId s I 
I ADDRESS subscripdons __ at 523 I 

: CIlY ZIP CODE :::.=~ =:ons __ at 525 : 1.00 : 
: PHONE # (DAY) (EVE) TOTAL S : 
: DAY OF ATIENDANCE: (Wrik lfor 61'51 choice. lfor second chol«) METHOD OF PAYMENT: : 
I Week Onf:: __ Preview· __ Th·· (Opening) __ Fr __ 5. __ Su _ Vlsa __ MurelCard __ 1I Exp. Dale-- I 
I Week Two: Th Fr __ Sa __ Su _ Check encJo.ed (Payable 10 U.c. Reames) I 

II ·Preview subSCription liclc.f:ts are nOI eligible for exchange and seating is nol ~served. MAIL TO: VCSD Drama Dept., 8-04 .. , LaJoUa, : Previews are on Wednesday evenings. 
I ··Frif:nds of the Thealre receive priority consideration for Opening Night. For funher 0 92093. Or chalJe by phone to I 
I information call 452-3793 . Visa!MasrerCard at 4'2·3793. I 

~-----------------------------------------------------------------~ 
10 Hiatus Sept. 20, 1984 

~-- Goings on -
Kommunity FK and Psycho-

bud will play at the Spirit Friday 
at 8 pm. Also, Gary Myrick will 
play Friday at the Rodeo. 
Saturday Tommy Tutone will be 
at the Rodeo. Q1iet Riot, 
Whitesnake and Kick Axe will 
play next Friday (9/28) at the 

Sports Arena. On the same day, 
the Thompson Twins and yet-to-
be-announced special guests will 
play at the Del Mar Racetrack. 

* * * 
In other local concerts, 

Grammy Award-winning 
jazz/funk artist Herbie Hancock. 

Check it out 

The Ken Theater 
downtown will host the 
premiere of a spedal 
collection of films by 
collqiate moviemakers. 
The SpielberRs and 
Lucasea of tomorrow will 
be showcased in "The 
Best New UCLA Films." 
The nine films will be 
screened September 26-
October 2. 

The program features 
both animation and live 
action work from the 
coHeRe and offers 

prospectIve filmmakers a 
chance to see what is beinR 
done by their peers. 
Included in this fine 
collection are: the 1983 
Student Academy Awards 
winner. Casdetraeks; LaM 
Yea,'s Model. which 
featured the screen debut 
of Elizabeth McGovern. a 
new-wave space-ase farce 
Puppy Does The Gumbo, 
and much more. This is 
very definitely worth a 
road trip downtown. 283-
3227. 

complete with robots, will be 
joined by Steel Pulse next 
Thursday, September 27, at 
Humphreys. Tickets are 
available for the 8 pm show. 224-
3577. 

* * * For those of you with no 
money, little transportation and 
a strong desire to socialize, there 
is the Vice Chancellor's Dance 
Saturday on Revelle Plaza. The 
festivities start around 8 pm. 
Another event from Joe Watson 
Presents . .. . 

* * * 
The classic film Metropolis 

(adapted by the classic Giorgio 
Moroder) will begin an exclusive 
englllement at the Fine Arts 
Theater in Pacific Beach 
beginning Friday, September 28. 
274-4000. 

* * * 
The University Events Office 

is presenting two films, one free, 
one not. Friday, Footloose will 
play in Mandeville Auditoriwn 
for only $l-such a deal! The 
following Friday there will be a 
special screening of P/oce$ in The 
Heart. Passes are free and are 
available in the University 
Events Box Office. 452~559. 

* * * 
The La Jolla Museum of 

Contemporary Arts now has free 
admiasion on Wednesday nights 
from 5 to 9 pm. 454-3541. 

* * * 
The Reuben H. Fleet Space 

Museum in Balboa Park is 
currently presenting Laserium/ 
Laser Rush U. In addition to this 
show, the museum is presenting a 
laser extravaganza of Pink 
Floyd's Dark Side of the Moon. 
238-1233. 

WELCOME 
BACK 

STUDENTS 

All new Y.E.S. 
Only 654 

TndtIonII • OZ. 

Revelle Deli 
Club Med 

La Casa/The Munch Box 
Scri pps Snack Bar 

Warren Grill 
Muir Rathskeller 

Only 7~ 

Eugene O'Neil's Ah Wilderness 
will continue its current run at 
the San Diego Repertory Theater 
through Sunday, September 23. 
235-8025. 

* * * 
For new or returning students 

with neither the age nor the 
proper falee lD to get into local 
clubs, there is Club Zu at 135 
North Highway 101 in Solana 
Beach. 481-6221. 

* * * 
Two far the Seesaw opens 

tonight at the Marquis Public 
Theater downtown. The William 
Gibson story will play Thursday 
through Saturday at 8 pm and 
Sundays at 2 pm through 
October 14. 298-7674. 

* * * The Athenaeum Music and 
Arts Library in La Jolla presents 
an opera preview by Vere Wolf 
doing Peter Grimes . The 
performance is at 8 pm and is free 
to the public. 454-5872. 

* * * 
UCSD's Mandeville Art 

Gallery will be holding a 
reception for local artist Faiya 
Fredman this Friday from 5 to 8 
pm. This is in conjunction with 
her exhibit currendy on display 
at the I18Uery. "There is no charse· 
452-2864. 

* * * 
A National GeotP"apNc film, 

This Britain: Heritage of the Sea, 
will be shown along with the 
animated short The Da~ at the 
Natural History Museum in 
Balboa Park on Saturday and 
Sunday at 1 and 2:30 pm. 232-
3821. 

* * * 
The Belly Up Tavern in Solana 

Beach is celebratina its tenth 

anniversary throughout the 
month of September. The Rebel 
Rockers and the International 
Reggae All Stars play Friday, and 
the James Harman Band along 
with the Paladins perform 
Saturday. 481-9022. 

For those who are very 
daring and have friends 
who will bail them out of 
jail at 3 am, Tijuana offers 
a wide variety of clubs. 
These range from the 
popular dance spots such 
as Mike'S, Tiajuana Tilly's 
and Marll8rita Village, to 
the more "exotic" hang-
outs such as the infamous 
Bambi Club (recom-
mended by Revelle 
seniors Keith Yokomoto 
and John Westwick) and 
EI Unicorno. For further 
informtion, drive south, 
park at the border, walk 
across, get a cab and tell 
the driver to take you to 
Revolucid'n. You'll be 
glad you did. 

Sept. 20, 1984 Hicaa.. 11 



12 MiG,... Sept. 20, 1984 


