


2 MllPlduy, o( l. 22, J 98i 
N€~ 

A Muir student almost drowned at 
Canyonview Pool last Wednesday after 
he passed out swimming laps. Nick 
Slavich was pulled out of the water by 
lifeguards who discovered he had no 
heartbeat and was nOt breathing. 
Lifeguard Allison Gilmore and swim 
coach Greg Ormsby Immediately 
administered mouth-to-mouth and CPR. 
Slavich began breathing again a few 
minutes later. 

'"After about a minute and a half he 
started vomiting and breathing again ," 
said Gilmore , who made the alert save. 
"l"m glad I was able to help." 

The 19-year-old Muir student was 
trying to swim underwater for as long as 
possible, causing him to black OUI. Two 
other swimmers discovered him 
motionless In the water and puUed him 
over [0 the floatmg lane line while 
screaming for a guard. GIlmore dove In 
and brought him over to the side of the 
pool where she was assisted in lifting 
him OUt of water. 

After resuscitating him , paramedics 
arrived and took SlaVlch [0 Scripps 
Hospital. He has since been released, 
and IS now reported to be m good 
condition. 

-The save happened JUSt before 6 pm 
during a free swim penod , and was the 
first major inCident at Canyonview. 

o 
The State of Califomia will notify 

more than 45 ,000 student loan 
borrowers this week, explaining that 
because their educational loans are In 
default, their 1984 State Income Tax 
refunds will be withheld. This is the 
third consecutive year that thiS type of 
action has been taken by the California 
Student Aid Commission. This year's 
group of borrowers is the largest to be 
contacted in one year. 

'These are borrowers who have either 
neglected nOtices to begin repayment, or 
for whom we have no current address," 
said Arthur S. Marmaduke, director of 
the California Student Aid Commission. 
"Unfortunately, some borrowers will walt 
to see if we mean busmess before they 
initiate repayment." 

When a borrower defaults on a 
student loan, the fuU amount becomes 
due and payable. The Commission also 
repons defaulted borrowers to a national 
credit reponing agency, a move which 
can affect the borrower's ability [0 
purchase a home or automobile. 

Students who will have dilTiculty In 
repaymg their loans are encouraged to 
contact the California Education Loan 
Program, 3332 Mather Field Road, Suite 
104, Rancho Cordova, CA 95670. 

o 
Senator Wadie f . Deddeh of the 40th 

District will talk about "Iraq and Iran" on 
Fnday, October 26 , at 10 am. here at 
UCSD The open forum IS sponsored by 
the Institute for Continued Learning and 
IS a pan of Its educational program. 

.~ .... , -. -

The ICL is an educational-cultural 
organization for retirees admimstered 
entirely by members involved with the 
UCSD Extension Division. 

The forum will be held in Room lilA 
of the Administrative Complex. 

o 
Three UCSD faculry members have 

been honored for excellence In 
teaching, excellence in research and 
outstand.ing communtty service by 
Chancellor Atkinson's Associates. 

The honorees are, respectively: Dr. 
Immo Scheffler, professor of biology; Dr. 
Jerome amias, research meteorologist 
at UC D's Scripps Institution of 
Oceanography; and Dr. Jack Fisher, 
professor of surgery in the UCSD School 
of Medicine. 

The awards were presented at the faU 
meeting of the AsSOCiates. The 
AsSOCiates are individuals who 
contribute $1000 or more annually for 
the discretionary fund of the chanceUor. 
There are currently 270 members 
involved in thiS group. 

Each faculty member received a 
hand-lented citation and a $1000 
honorarium. 

o 
An experimental drug has been 

shown to reduce the frequency of 
genital herpes outbreaks and the speed 
of healing of lesIOns during an attack, 
according [0 a newly completed study 
by UC Irvine researchers. , 

The drug, Isoprinosine, cunailed 
_herpes outbreaks in 51 % of patients 
who had experienced an average of one 
attack per month. 

While taking the drug continuously 
over six months, those patients had one 
or no herpes outbreaks. Only 19% (8 
out of 41) of the patients taking a 
placebo showed sim ilar results. 

"The importance of this study is that 
we can now provide relief for a 
significant number of people with 
herpes and with a high degree of 
safety," said Dr. R. David Miller, director 
of the division of infectious disease at 
the UCI Depanment of Obstetrics and 
Gynecology. "The drug represents a 
panial answer, but not a cure, for the 
management of herpes: 

The drug has not been approved by 
the Food and Drug Administration . 

o 
A new public resear:ch fund has been 

established at San Francisco General 
Hospital 10 support research , patient 
care and education on AIDS. 

The fund , which wiD be made up of 
public contributions, will be 
administered by UC San Francisco 
AsSOCiate Dean Dr. David Wagner. 

The new fund was started With a 
contribution from Loy Elser, a director 
of Atlas Savings and Loan, who said . "I 
want friends and families of AIDS 
patients to be able to make memorial 
contributions that wiD benefit other 
patients suffering from the same disease. 

~---------~----------~ 
-. 
_ !.L.I.. 

-f- j ~ I" I"'" .... 
• 1Jl iii" III" ., ~P"I .. r ... WI • I" :~ .. I...iI lrJ I'I...iI 1'1 1.<1 LlJ 1'1 I All lI' I. .. ,. r- I'ooll" 

r~1J LoI .,.. IoiI 
~tlI I.r.. n 

II LL l{ 
I~ I"' \" 

'" 
rI .... 1-

1-"- I'i'F 

Cover: It seems that as long as there are people 
classified as "underaged," there will be a problem with 
the falsifying of identification. A look at the problem and 
how it's being dealt with in the cover story, page 7. 

News: The Student Affinnative Action Committee (SMC) is upset 
about the way its funding is being handled, and the AS is looking 
to raise some bucks with a fund raising effon. 

Opinions: Commentaries on Ronald Reagan as the Nov.ember 6 
national election draws nearer, plus letters to the editor and 
Doonesbury. 

Perspectives: An interaction between heterosexual and 
homosexual lifestyles; plus a "writer's i" journey through the 
wonderful world of wallets. 

Spons: An excruciatingly interesting history of the spon of the 
'80s (1 880s?): croquet, plus a journey on the run and a women's 
volleyball update. 

Plus ... The Weekly Calendar. 

COVER PHOTOS BY CINDY BEGIN 

San Francisco General Hospital is" one 
of the foremost centers for AIDS 
research and treatment in the countty. It 
has the first special unit built for 
treating seriously iD AIDS patients. UCSF 
researchers who are also involved in 
AIDS research joined together with 
hospital staff members and are looking 
for ways to relieve symptoms and 
prolong the lives of AIDS patients as 
well as searching for the causes of the 
disease. 

o 
"Who Killed General Education?" 

will be the topic of Clark Kerr's 
presentation to be held at 8 pm, 
November 2 in Peterson HaD. 

Kerr. preSident emeritus of the nine-
campus University of California, will 
take a probing look at higher education 
today, including the trend toward 
technical or specialized training. 

Recognized in national consumer 
magazines for his contributions to 
education, and the recipient of 
numerous awards from academic 
organizations, Kerr is currently program 
director of the Strengthening 
Presidential Leadership Project for the 
Association of Governing Boards of 
Universities and Colleges. He is also 

professor emeritus of economics and 
industrial relations for UC Berkeley. 

The talk is sponsored by UCSD 
Extension's "Issues in the Humanities" 
program, funded by the National . 
Endowment for the Humanities and the 
UCSD Chancellor's Associates. 

o 
People who use their voices for 

singing, acting and public speaking can 
discover from experts how to protect 
and preserve the delicate mechanism of 
the voice at a seminar in the Mandell 
Weiss Center on November 3. 

The program is deSigned to address 
the problems experienced by those who 
must make demands on their voices, 
such as teachers, singers, actors, choir 
members and directors, conductors, 
church musicians, political1s, athletic 
coaches, referees and 1V personalities. 

"The Performer's Voice: Care and 
Maintenance" will feature the following 
speakers: Jack O'Brien, director of the 
Old Globe Theatre; Ian Campbell, 
director of the San .Diego Opera; Larra 
Browning Henderson, singer and voice 
teacher; and Thomas Murry, speech 
pathologist. 

The cost of the symposium, which 
will last from 9 am to I :30 pm, is $8. 

Monday, OCI. 22. J 984 3 

Watson gives SAAC the sack 
By YEN TAYLOR 

M NOR CUTS IN FUNDING have the Student Affirmative Action Committee (SAAC) up in arms 
about the way Vice Chancellor Joe 
Watson restructured its org~nization . 

One of his changes was the 
cancelation of the pay for student chair 
and co-chair positions. Their 
responsibilities, in the past, included 
conducting meetings, acting as liason to 
the SAAC organizations and to 
Affinnative Action groups of other UC 
campuses. maintaining open lines of 
communication with unit heads of the 
various student services, attending other 
committees' meetings such as Student 
Financial Services and the Chancellor 
Affirmative Action Advisory Committee. 
Watson proposed that these 
responsibilities be distributed everuy 
among the members of the committee. 

"There's no reason why the chair and 
co-chair should be paid if all members 
are equally involved and if the workload 
is spread everuy:' he said. All SAAC 
members should be able to respond to 
inquiries, understand the complexities 
of the issues and to give advice and 
guidance accordingly," he said. 

SAAC serves all Affirmative Action 
groups at UCSD by analyzing and 
alerting the Vice-Chancellor of 
Undergraduate Affairs about the 
effectiveness of the existing Affirmative 
Action programs on campus. 

As an advisory committee to the Vice-
Chancellor, SAAC assists him in 
incorporating policies that would best 
serve the needs of the Affirmative Action 
population, providing him with 
information regarding such issues as 
retention and recruitment services, 
financial aid procedures. academic 
requirements. 

SAAC develops its advisory from 
information gathered through research, 
attending meetings, discussing students' 
needs with Affirmative Action students' 
organizations such as MeCha, BSU, 
Women's Resource Center, APSA, UAlS 
and the Disabled Student Union. SAAC 
distributes this workload among its 
chair, co-chair, interns, and 
representative members from the 
aforementioned students' organizations. 

Felipe Rangel, SMC Chairperson for 
1983-84, disagreed with Watson's view, 
"The jobs we do require compensation 
due to their time consuming nature. 
Watson said for us to have other 
students do it for free. The problem is 
that most Affirmative Action students 
have other jobs; they are already 

AS, Student Center Board and the 
College Council," said Watson. 

Though Watson agreed that students 
"should be compensated for if they have 
a heavy workload ," he did nm believe 
that this was the case in terms of the 
number of hours they put in and in 
terms of their work load, then we 
should pay them ," he said. "I just don't 
think there is any way tha the chair and 
co-chair should be paid unless the other 
members were doing absolutely 
nothing." 

In an editorial written for the October 
issue of Voz Fron/uiza , Rangel claimed 
that Watson also "has placed an 
administrator in not only an adviSOry 
poSition, but also one which gives him 
financial authority over SAAC's total 

The $10,000 programming budget has 
been used by SAAC in the past to 
sponsor cultural events .such as Cinco 
De Mayo, Asian Awareness Week, 
lecture series, Black History Week and 
to pilot Affirmative Action projects. 

"We fear that with the administration 
controlling the budget, they may not 
want to sponsor events that SAAC feels 
are essential, such as cultural programs 
for students. The money may be spent 
for programs that are more academic 
and not as general, therefore not 
reaching as many students," Rangel said. 

"SAAC has no control over any of its funds. The Vice 
Chancellor can do anything he wants with the money. " 

Rangel stressed the importance of 
cultural programming as a means of 
slowing down the attrition rate among 
Affirmative Action students. "Many of 
our students complain that UCSD 'is too 
culturally sterile and that there is a lack 
of culturally diverse programming. What 
we try to do by providing diverse 
cultural programming is create an 
atmosphere in which these students can 
feel comfortable.!n this way, we can 
increase retention , recruitment, and 
cultural understanding." · 

volunteering members of other 
organizations and on tOP of that, they 
have schoolwork. They JUSt can't do it. 
They don't have the exna time: 

As a result of the pay cancellation, 
Rangel believes that SAAC is in a state 
of stagnation because "there is no 
leadership. It can't func tion without 
compensated chair and co-chair 
because of the time consuming work: 

Watson expects the committee to 
continue its function effectively because 
of strong support from the 
administration and full commitment 
from its members. 

"They should be able to participate 
actively and effectively without being 
paid. There are many student 
commi ttees on campus that operate 
strictly on a volunteer basis, such as the 

Now when you buy any ArtCarved 
college ring, you not only get one 
ring loaded with style and quality, you 
getlWo. A great college ring-and a 
diamond fashion ring, FREE. It 's a 
beauty-10K gold with a genuine 2 
point diamond. Retail value- SOO. 
The perfect way to express yourself, 
your style. or your feelings for that 
special someone. Available exclu-
sively from your ArtCarved Repre-
sentative for a limited time only. 

budget, which includes a $10,000 
programming budget." 

The editorial urged Affirmative Action 
students to oppose Watson's 
interference and to voice their concerns 
to his office. "The administration must 
stop telling the students what to do and 
how to act with their own funds: 

Martha Rivera, $MC co-chair for 
1984-85, voiced her concern over the 
budget issue, "SAAC has no control over 
any of its funds. The Vice-Chancellor 
can readily do anything he wants with 
the money." 

"This loss of control of the budget is 
going to hun the committee," said 
Rangel."Now we have to do what they 
[the admin istration] want. They have 
total contro\." 

Joe Watson, on the other hand, 
declared that there had been no 
substantial change made over the 
control of the SAAC budget. "The money 
was always the administration'S money. 
Even though $MC played an active role 
in deciding how the money should be 
spent, the final decision was always 
made by this office. We have to be 
responsible for the money," said 
WalSOn. 

The only difference concerning the 
budget, according to WalSOn, is that the 
money is now under the responsibility 
of Nick Aguilar, the administrator in 
charge of the newly created Office of 
S'3cial Services. 

Unsurpassed 
Musical Excellence 

And the Intimacy of the Old Globe Theatre 
The La Jolla Chamber Music Society presents an outstanding Monday night series 
of chamber music beginning October 29. World-class artists and superb acoustics 

make this four concert series an event you won' t want to miss_ 
Subscriptions are still available for $50 and provide priority seating at a 24% 

savings over single ticket prices. All performances begin at 8:00 P.M. 

October 29. 1.984 
Juilliard String Quartet 
$17.50 

february 4. 1985 
(ho-Liang lin . Violin Recital 
$12.00 

lI'Iarch 18, 1985 

Apri l 15, 1985 
Joseph Kalichstein , Piano 
Jaime Laredo, Violin 
Sharon Robinson . Celio 
$15.00 

For further information please call 
LA JOLLA 

CHftI1ttR~ 
SOCIETY 

--October 22·2f--Boobtore-- 9:JO·J:JO---

The Munich Chamber Or<.hc!>tra 
tlans Stadlrnair, Conductor 
Young Uck Kim , Violin Soloist 
$17.50 at 459·3724. 

Deposit required. MasterCard or Visa Accepted. 



In defense of President Reagan 
By lAURI SHIRCK 

In order to clarify the false 
accusations that the Reagan 
Administration is nothing more than 
imagery and campaign and rhetoric, I 
submit to you, the young voters on this 
campus, a brief yet accurate profile of 
the accomplishments of our current 
Administration. It is, to be sure, a record 
that every American can be proud o f. As 
well, I will give you a capsule look at the 
Disastrous Carter-Mondale years. 

o more will be needed to convince 
any intelligent voter why Ronald Reagan 
and George Bush Will be overwhelmingly 
elected for four more years to the White 
House. The Reagan-Bush team has a 
record that speaks fo r Itself, so does 
Walter Mondale. The American voters 
have a clear choice in November, a 
choice between sound public policy and 
renewed strength across the board in 
America, or a return to a crippled 
economy and disregard of America's 
pride and respect ab road. The choice IS 
yours. These are the facts. 

Regan reduced the inflation rate . 
Inflation has been cut from 12.4% in 
1980 to 3.2% for the last 12 months. 

He has brought down interest rates. 
The prime rate has fallen by nearly half, 
from 21.5% in Januarv 1981 to 11% now. 

Personal tax rates have been cut by 
25%, the first real tax Cut for all 
Americans in nearly two decades. 

Reagan will ind ex the tax code. 
Personal tax rates will be indexed to 
inflation, beginning in 1985. This will 
end the dishonest practice of increasing 
taxes without a CongreSSional vote , as 
taxpayers have been forced into higher 
brackets by inflation. 

The PreSident's 1981 Economic 
Recovery Tax Act substantially 
accelerated depreciation schedules for 

businesses, thereby proViding incentives 
for new investment. 

He has slowed the growth of federal 
spending. Even with needed defense 
increases, the 17.4% spending growth 
rate in 1980 has been cut by more than 
a third and will be Cut even further in 
fiscal year 1984. 

The Administration has reversed the 
rate of regulatory growth and 
streamlined or eliminated hundreds of 
obsolete government rules , for savings of 
more than $15 to $17 billion in 
investment costs and $14 billion in 
an nual costs. 

Economic growth has been restored. 
The economy, which fell 0 .8% dunng 
1980, is in a strong recovery. The 
economy grew 6.1 % during 1983, with 
consumer and business sectors 
propelling the economy forward . 

New jobs have been created. In 1983, 
four miUion more people found jobs, 
bringing employment to its highest level 
In history. The COUntry is well on its 
way to the President's goal of six miUion 
new jobs by the end of 1984, and 18 
million new Jobs by the end of 1989. 
The civilian unemployment rate has 
fallen from 10.7% to 8.2% in just twelve 
months , the most rapid drop in 30 
yea rs. And the President's new job 
train ing program will, each year, give 
more than one million low-income and 
disadvantaged Americans training for 
these jobs. 

Because of the President's immediate 
decontrol of the price of oil , oil 
production in the US rose In 1982 for 
the first time In a decade, ot! prices 
declined 15% in real terms, and US 
dependence on OPEC oil feU by 45%. 

Reagan has saved the Social Secunty 
system. The President'S leadership in 

obtaining bi-partisan agreement on the 
National Commission's recomendations 
have ensured that the Social Security 
system will be financially sound and 
able to payout promised benefits weU 
into the next century and beyond. 

He has rebuilt America's defenses. 
The President's defense budget, 
including long overdue military pay 
increases, modernization of the US 
strategic defense triad, and improved 
conventional forces , has revitalized 
America's defense system and is 
restoring the US margin of safety. 

The President has also established a 
more stable and peaceful relationship 
with the Soviet Union. This 
Administration has restored the 
credibility of our military deterrent. 
Although profound differences exist in 
our values and political systems, we are 
pursuing common interests such as 
avoidance of war and the reduction of 
arms and tensions generally. 

He assisted Grenada. The US took 
decisive action to protect US citizens 
and to respond to the request from 
seven Caribbean democracies for help 
in restoring democracy in Grenada. This 
ended a pro-Soviet/ Cuban dictatorship 
and exposed military and subversive 
cooperation with the Soviet bioc and 
Cuba. 

Allied relationships have been 
strengthened across the spectrum of our 
common interests . The President's 
personal diplomatiC effons at the 
Williamsburg Summit and his historic 
East Asian visit resulted in greater 
cohesion in our economic and security 
policies worldwide. 

Ronald Reagan has assisted in the 
development of democratic institutions 
throughout the world . We have sought 

to nuture conditions for the growth of 
democracy, and to defend those 
aspiring democracies whose existence is 
threatened daily. Nine countries with a 
total population of 190 miUion have 
completed or begun the transition to 
democracy. 

The President continues to develop 
and strengthen relationships with the 
People's Republic of China. At the same 
time, we maintained our traditional ties 
and commitments to the people of 
Taiwan. 

These are just a few of the many 
achievements of the Reagan 
Administration. 

Four years ago, America faced the 
greatest chaUenge in our post-war 
hiStory. Our nation 's defenses were 
dangerously weak. We had suffered 
humiliation in Iran, and we had lost the 
respect of other nations. Our nation 
lacked leadership. Our elected officials 
failed to trust in the courage and 
character of Americans, attributing our 
problems to a national "malaise." 

Years of govemment overspending 
and ovenaxing had left our economy in 
ruins. In the last half of the 70s, taxes 
doubled, yet, Federal spending 
increased even more. Inflation rose to 
over 12% in 1980. Interest rates were 
over 21 %. Productivity, industrial 
production and workers' real earning!; 
were down . The only things going up 
were prices, unemployment , taxes and 
the size of government 

The choice is clear. We can return to 
the policies that failed in the past , or we 
can move forward together with 
President Reagan's leadership to build a 
future in which peace, freedom and 
prosperity abound, not only for all 
Americans , but for all peoples. 

n®{ill®If~ll~ilit®lf~ll®ilitcelf~ll®fdt®rr~n®tttt®lf~n®(tit®If~n®frtt®lf~n®tttt®lf~ll®tttt<elf~n<etttt®lf~llcettft<elf~ll<e 
fr®If~lettersn®fdt®lf~n®ilit®lf~n®fttt®Ir~ll®frft®lf~n®ftft®lf~ll®fttt®lf~ll®fttt®rr~n®ilit®lf~ll®fdt<elf~n<ettftce; 
Ir~ll®ilit®lf~ll®tttt®rr~n®fttt~rr~n®tillcelf~n®tttt®lf~ll®tttt®rr~n®fdt®lf~n®fttt®1f~n®ftfr®lf~ll®ilit®lf~ll®ilit<err 
ncefdt®lf~ll®ilit®rr~n®till®lf~ll®fdt®rr~n®tttt®rr~n®{ill®rr~ll®ilit®rr~ll®ilit®rr~ll®frft®Ifnceilit®lf~ll®tttt®lfn®fr 

Ahottion an individual choice 
Editor: 

I would like to thank the Guardian for 
its Pro-choice editorial of Monday, 
October 15. However, I am concerned 
that the opinions expressed by Cheryl 
Sawyer reflect many of the beliefs of the 
anti-abortion forces. Sawyer's editorial 
states that the Supreme COUrt'S decision , 
Rot vs Wade , was based upon 
"ambiguities· in determining when a 
fetus becomes a human being. In fact, 
the 1973 decision was not based on 
ambiguities but on disagreement among 
different religiOns about when life 
begins. The Supreme Court Justices 
recognized that to prohibit abortion was 
to deny a woman's right to practice her 
religion. 

I believe that the ambigUities are 
actually Sawyer's own as evidenced by 
her treatment of abortion as a moral 
tragedy or the consequence of 
irresponsible couples using it as a 
method of birth control. While this view 
might reJkct the experiences of some 
women, the wide range of responses to 
abortion mirror the religious pluralism 
in our society. Abortion does not remain 
a constitutlonal imperative as a "c rucial 
last reson" nor solely to protect victims 
of rape and incest. Legalized abortion 

protects a woman's right to fo llow her 
own ethical beliefs while respecting her 
right to privacy as se t for by the 
Consti tution. If Sawyer must speak of 
the tragedy of unwanted or adolescent 
pregnancy let it be to protest the lack of 
contraceptive devices that are safe, 
convenient and 100% effective or [Q 
deplore the lack of other options open 
to adolescent women in our society. 

I jam Sawyer in urging all voters to 
suppOrt Pro-choice candidates in the 
November elections. However, I do so 
not out of sadness concerning the 
abortion "problem" nor in fear of the 
"uninformed-dead- fetus-poster-waving 
hecklers." The Pro-choice position 
recognizes the rights of all Americans to 
follow their own religious beliefs and 
leaves the control of one's own body to 
one's self. 

There is a choice 
Editor: 

Chloe WUIT 

What a choice. Walter Mondale is 
actually campaigning on a program of 
raising our taxes- stealing more of our 
money to pay 011 the special interests 
that support him. Economists say the 
election of Mondale will cost the average 
family $l ,800 a year In more laxes. 

Mondale marks a return to the failed poli-
cies of the Carter Administration, includ-
ing a return to double-digit inflation. 

On the other hand, our amiable 
native son has now established a track 
record of breaking evety campaign 
promise he made in 1980-from 
balanCing the federal budget to cutting 
the size of government and redUCing 
taxes. This slick con man now tells us 
he won 't raise taxes, JUSt "enhance 
revenues· and "enact tax reforms" of 
over $100 billion. 

With a choice between the lesser of 
these two evils, it is understandable that 
many peopl.e will avoid the voting booth 
in disgust. A vote for either will only 
result in Establishment politicians 
claiming another "mandate" to continue 
their oppressive policies. 

But this year I'll not waste my VOle. I'll 
send the politiCians a message they 
can't mistake as a request for more of 
the same. Ortly one Presidential 
candidate is campaigning on cutting the 
federal budget by over one-third , 
abolishing the income tax and getting 
the government out of the busmess of 
legislating morality. I'm voting for DaVId 
Bergland , the Libertarian candidate for 
President on November 6. 

Jefferson M. folleaie 

Make the most of lecture 

Editor: 
As of this writing, I am slightly livid. 

Just moments ago the physics class in 
which I am enrolled ended. It did not 
end, though, with the professor 
wrapping up the day's [Qpics with some 
concluding words. Instead, as has been 
the case since my freshman year and 
undoubtedly throughout the years prior 
to that, the class ended with several 
"students" (and I use the term loosely) 

. deciding that they had had enough 
physics for the day; these people began 
putting away paper, books and binders 
into their backpacks, more than five 
mmutes before the end of class. 

f 

Now, five minutes may seem 
inconsequential to some, but to many, 
including myself, those five minutes 
represent one-tenth of the total class 
time. Imponant, nigh crucial, 
information can be given out at this 
time, be lhat in the form of pertinent 
questions from concerned students or 
knowledge that the professor Will hold 
stude ntS res pons ible for on tests. I 
resent this infringement on my time by 

> CONTINUED ON PAGE 5 > ( 

Mlllld<lY, Uti 22, 1984 5 

n®frttce;lf~n®frtt®rr~n~frfr( 
ttcelf~lettersn®ftttcelf~ 

If~n®tttt®rr~n®frfr®rr~n~ 
n®ttfr®lf~n®fdt®rr~n®frfr( 

Doonesbury ======================~==== BY GARRY TRUDEAU 

< CONTINUED FROM PAGE 4 < 
other Inco nslder.lte , uncanng pcrson~ . I 
Jm payi ng money LO mcrease my 
InteUectua l capacity at thIS Unive rsity of 
Cali forn ia. I am not ge tting my money's 
worth with thc current system of 
disrupting class. 

I call upon the professors of thiS 
institution to adopt the methods of one 
popular biology professor and his 
counterpart in the hisLOry department , 
namely Dr. Paul Saltman and Professor 
Roy Ritchie . These two men make it 
clear to their classes that no one will 
disrupt their lecture hall before being 
dismissed, that is , before the e nd of the 
lecture. In doing so, they gain the 
respec t of aU studcnts. 

Furthermore, it is even more essential 
that students rebuke their colleagues 
who insist on impeding the progress of 
education in the classroom. And while 
you're at it, ask these people why they 
don 't clean up after themselves out In 
the commons' areas, for without a doubt 
they are the same ones who disrupt 
class. FinaUy, we should aU ask 
ourselves, "Are we trUly going to be the 
leaders of this nation tomorrow when 
we cannO! even lead our own lives 
const.TUctively and with consideration 
for others today?" No one is forcing you 
to go to school at one of the finest 
educational institutions in America. If 
you cannot conduct yourselves maturely 
wi th respect to others, get out and make 
way in the enrollments for students )Nho 
can do so and wa nt to learn . . 

Gregory MacCrone 

/lICIIy, lHI5 15.JJ5Tt1E 
!Q5)16ItlTf I 7}{()(J6I{T 
IV 7l?Y TO!'tAY IJf' J/IS 

1 MIlNlYIMA6I' WllHlI 
, !U<RfAL, VIP6:J 
; IIPPf1()11CH •• 

\ 

(j{}()() 
PI!!lfC' 
T/CW' 

\ 

11M Gl4::Ay SO l 
6l T THeM CLJN· 
RJ<iEP 8IJT YW 
6U MY fJ(}INT 

UCSD Theatre 1984-85 Season 
Mandell Weiss Center for the Performing Arts 

ExPLORATIONS IN THEATRE THAT SIGNAL NEW DIRECTIONS FOR THE DRAMATIC ARTS 

TRELAWNY OF THE "WELLS" SPECIAL PROJECT 
An unabashedly sentimental comedy about life In the 
theatre thac "sparkles wllh wit...with just the right 
combination 01 bubbly farce Jnd heans-and-flowers 
roma nce." tdITIng EriC Christmas. 

October]] - November 1] 

WInter means excitement anu challenge when deSigners 
Roben Israel and Richard Riddell join forces Wllh an 
emergIng directing talent from ew York's downtown 
scene. This creative collaboralion will produce an 
.ldventurous and slimulating dramatic work. 

CURSE OF THE 
STARVING ClASS 
Sam Shepard's powerful pl.ly about a famtly that is 
slarving-not so much for food , but for life-is arresting 
in both its crudity and tenderness. Called a "work of 
eloquent intensity and whirlwind farce .... " 

February 6-17 
~--------------------------------l 

o Please !lend me a copy of the 198 .. -85 Season brochure : 
right away. . , 
Nune ____________________________________ ___ 
Addre~ __________________________________ _ 

City Zip Code ______ _ 
Phone No. (Day) (Eve,) _______ _ 
Mail to: UCSD Drama Dept., B-O++, La Jolla, CA 92093, 

, 
, 
, 
, 
, 
, 
, 
I 

Or charxe your subSCription by phone to Visa/Mastercard I 
at +52-3793. , ~ ________________________________ J 

May 1-]2 

PLUS A BONUS OF 
TWO GRADUATE REPERTORY PLAYS 

See the same profeSSionally trained students play different 
roles in two productions on alternating nights in March. 

5 Plays for Only $18! 
RESERVE YOUR SEATS NOW 

CAll 452-3793 



6 M.ltlliU), OLl 2.1, 1 ')84 

Reagan is the clear choice for students 
By MARK A. HOFFMAN 

A.~ the political season of 1984 
unfolds, the rhetonc seems to be 
reaching a fever pItch . I have seen the 
UC 0 campus go from last year's 
populatlon of apathenc, unenthusiastic 
students to this year's plethora of 
opinions and activism Finally. UCSD 
students have become aware of the 
1I'0rld around them and realize they 
have a vOice. They fmally want to know 
the Issues and get involved . I, for one. 
am glad to see this, especially since all 
vOices are heard. 

Although the re ent "Reagan Buster's 
Rally" fell shol1 of my expectations. and 
with the exception of Dr. Peter (rons, 
lacked any real substance and vigor. it 
was a stan, as were some recently 
published articles in the Guardian. 
specifically a pro-Reagan commentary by 
Lauri huck and a subsequent attack on 
her position by both W,J Schacht and 
Cliff Maat. They accused her of the 
same things Ronald Reagan IS accused 
of these days-running a campaign of 
patnotlsm and "fluff," lacking issues, 
facts aod substance. 

I'd first hke to state that it was not 
Ms hirck's intent to represent Ronald 
Reagan's positions or discuss "issues." 
She merely wanted to express her 
feehngs . feelings that are shared by 
many others Personally, ( see nothing 
wTOng with thiS, because Ronald Reagan 
has done much to improve the 
psychological strength and morale of 
thiS country. Many are proud to be 
Amencans again. a point to be ashamed 
of during the Caner-Mondale years. 

It is my opimon that Ronald Reagan's 
record IS nothing to be ashamed of. He 
should take the offensive, run on his 
record , and remind the vote rs what 

Walter ~Iondalc really stands for. ot 
everythmg has been rosy r"r eleryone 
the past three and a half years , but 
much IS greatly improved and I 
continuing to Improve. For this we have 
the Reagan Admlnlstranon to th,lOk. 
lhacht and Maat want facls? Here are 

the f:lcts: Inflation has been cut from 
12.4% m 1980 to 3.2% for the la,t year; 
the prime rate ha, fallen from 21.5% In 

January 1981 to 11 % now; personal tax 
rates have been cut 25% across the 
board; tax indexation begins in 1985, 
depreciation schedules have been 
accelerated by the 1981 Economic 
Recovery Tax Act. thereby proViding 
incentives for new mvestment, Federal 
spending has been slowed; th e economy 
has grown 6.1 % in 1983 alone; six 
million new Jobs have been created In 
the last year; unemployment has 
dropped from 10.7% to 8 .2% in only 12 
months; oil pnces declined 15% and 
our dependence on OPEC oil fell by 
45%; Social Security was saved ; 
Amencan's defenses have been 
revitahzed and morale has never been 
higher; our bargaining position wim the 
oVlet Union has strengthened due to a 

strong deterrent; democracy was 
restored in Grenada, and several 
hundred students were rescued; our 
NATO alliances are stronger, relations 
with China have Improved; and the US 
enJoys new respect in the world . 

And what does Walter Mondale stand 
for? He IS very fond of accusing 
President Reagan of "c hanging his 
stripes" and "acting like Walter 
Mondale" in terms of arms control I'm 
tired of the infantile accusations that 
Ronald Reagan wants to destroy the 
world . What he does want is nuclear 

Casual. 
COIJJforlable. 
Californian. 

Prec/S/Oll SIgle cuts (or womell $JJ (reg. SIB) 
I'recU/OII SIgle cuts (or _II $10 (reg. SIS) 

D'rect/o,..' pemu $25 (reg. 140) Sculptured IYlI5 (full xl) $18 (reg. S40) 
"_"/cure k Pedicure $U (rey. $18) Ce/loplYlte $15 (reg. $15) 

Olle Itour (lKW 1I0W $28 (reg. $.35) 
One /Jour lllUUge 1I0W $25 (rei}. $.35) 

Specialists in blM:k hair 
A full .service ~Ion 

7608 Unca Vis~ Rd. (f'fesl College Dr. ~ /63) 168·8865 
!Yew »lOll (formerlll u Jolla Cutting Co.) 7.3 7 Purl 5t., /;/ Jolla 

456-1170 f56-1815 

Spec~Is good with MI with 5el«tM stylists through 11 /8184 

UNCL 
Council Travel Services 

WINTER TROPIC SPECIALS 
7-night packages 

MAZATLAN FROM $136 
HAWAII FROM $359 

DOUBlE OCCUPANCY, INCLUDING 
AIRFARE, HOTEL AND TRANSFERS 

PI EASE STOP INTO THE STUDENT CENTER 
OR CAI.l. 451-0630 

--- ---

arms reductlon 01 a "freeze ." a 
reduC[lon. What he does want is lasting 
peace. something we can ob tain once 
we have a strong bargaining pOSition. 
History h<ls shown thJt we<lkncss leads 
to war. The Caner-Mondale 
admll1lstratlon was unsuccessful III arms 
control because they bargained from a 
POlllt of weakness. 

Yes. we all remember Walter Mondale 
and the Inept adminstration he was a 
part of He was not for a strong defense, 
he was not a strong leader. he didn't get 
tough with terrorists. 0, our embassies 
weren't blown up. they were taken over, 
our diplomats held hostage for 444 
days. Talk about changing your stripes! 
Mr. Mondale, would you have us believe 
that you are no longer the ultra-liberal 
that you were in the Senate for so long 
and then as Vice President? Mr. 
Mondale no longer acts as he did in the 
past. he acts like a Repulican! Come on 
Fritz, you can't change in a few short 
months-you said it yourself. Ah. but 
there are some things that never change: 
Walter Mondale wants to raise our taxes. 
I see he is planning to be the liberal 
taxer and spender that he always was. 
Well, we have seen those poliCies at 
work-they don 't. 

And what about Geraldine Ferraro. 
the savIOr of the Democratic Party. the 
great hope for women everywhere? I 
heard Dr. Irons ask if we want Ed 
Meese as our attorney general, to which 
I replied yes. What he should have 
asked is if we want Geraldine Ferraro 
for vice president? No! Where are all of 
the investigative reporters and special 
prosecuters now? The med ia seem to be 
protecting their little darling. For five 
years she used her husband's offices as 

a campaign base. yet failed to hst It a<; a 
contribution She claims to have sold -
at a huge profit- a Manhattan bUilding. 
using the profit to pay back her 
husband's illegal loans to her campaIgn 
Yet therc IS no record that this ever 
occurred . John Banzhaf of Geroge 
Washington Unive rs ity says. "I think 
there IS slglllficant evidence that 
wrongdoing, perhaps el'en felonies, 
occurred ." She claims to derive no 
benefit from her husband's busll1ess, yet 
she is treasurer of his corporatlon She 
had to pay $53,000 in back taxes and 
recently said her income was 
unde rstated by over $300,000. All of th is 
was due to a careless accountant? 
Meanwhile, the House Ethics Committee 
is investigating her affairs, but they have 
adjourned. Will we ever find out the 
trllth? 

The choice is clear. Under a second 
Reagan term we can look forward to 
reduction of government waste, greater 
economic growth and prosperiry , 
Enterprise Zones to rebuild the inner 
cities. a flat tax ra te and continued 
world peace. That is why 63% of the 
youth in the country suppOrt our 
President. 

E,ect\on Da~ 
ntdOwn· 

COU unt " 
15 oaY!.t)er 6. 

NO~'" 
" 

gobt~~!.w~ 
~~~'~ INCLUDES: , Contact lenses, $t~S examInation, pat ient training, follow up, 
\ ~ chemIcal care ki t ith student I. D. and fitting . ,;~ J,/ ,,\- EXTENDED WEAR ""~lI'; ~~ LENSES ONLY $265 .00 

THE CLASSICAL EVE 
ROBERT HELLER, 0.0. 

La Jolla Village Square 
452·7374 

Fashion \.alley Center 
295·0537 

LOUIS M. TARTAGLIA, 0 .0. 
University Towne Centre 

457·4791 

The home 0 the 
3~¢ halllburger. 

'i MCl)OIta'd~m &IJOII. 
Jrt..hr.ln\ l \f.J 

I 7140 Miramar Rd. San Diego 

II 
II 
II 
II 
II 
II 

11I'1 I'rl'," ' 111 till' IIHlI"O 
"th 1\ htl~ III~ ,I I\I ~ M.I~ ,111.1 

~,nl ' lIl!ll ."II.rth r HI).! M ,I, 
Ih,-' 1'"11t dlh __ l,llIl'IIII I' r 
• u.., (. 1111\ r. I', 'r " , " 1'1" ,1,. 

, ' rl "'l ' lll '1IlIl"tlli \\11\11 

. 'r . l\rul~ ~'11 ,.1. ,1 
' \ 111t .111\ lltinr 111h r 

...... _ •• ____ iiiiii,iiiiiiiiiii 

I , ... t!\,IIIII· 1 .!u. ,IIII-nl II 

Only at: 
7140 Miramar Rd. 

San Dieteo 

II 
II 
II 
II 
II 

--:."~", - (~ iiiiiiiiiii _____ _ 

Munday, Oct 22, 1984 7 

Cover story 

Fake IDs: students growing up overnight 
By FRED BERGMANN 

T HE SIX PACK of beer you bought this weekend at Ralphs with your fake identification may end up 
costing you 5300 someday. The people 
of the United States have in recent years 
been inundated with an avalanche of 
legislation concerning everything from 
possession of controlled substances to 
discharging of firearms within city 
limits. It follows that everyone is a 
criminal in some sense . Laws regarding 
alcohol are probably the most abused in 
this country (next to the 55 mph speed 
limit law). One very serious infraction of 
these laws among college students is the 
possession and use of false 
identification to gain access to clubs 
and to purchase alcohol. 

There are many types of fake IDs and 
even more ways to obtain them. An 
underage subject may use the ID card of 
a friend or relative who closely 
resembles the user, may obtain a student 
photo identification card in his own or 
someone else's name and change the 
date of birth to an earlier year, may alter 
an existing driver's license or California 
ID, or may present false birth records to 
the Department of Motor Vehicles 
(DMV) to obtain a new ID. Each method 
entails a certain amount of risk. An 
authentic ID from the DMV that was 
obtained by presenting a birth or 
baptismal certificate is more likely to 
pass undetected than a driver's license 
with the date changed with a pencil. 
However, presenting false birth records 
to a government agency is the offense 
which carries the greatest penalty of all. 
In the case of student IDs. most clubs 
and reta il stores do not accept a 
university 10 card as ·valid proof of age 
due to the ease with which a student 
may obtain a false card. If a student gets 
away with using someone else's ID 
he can thank the greed of the liquor 
store owner or the nearsightedness of 
the doorman at the local club. 

According to Officer William C. 
Milligan of the UCSD detective force , 
'The most common form of fake ID is 
(the result of) someone trying to change 
the birthdate on his driver's license." 
Milligan was quick to add that very 
rarely does anyone effectively alter a 
California Driver's License because the 
DMV uses a special paper which, when 
erased, peels off and shows a white 
backing. If found to be in possession of 
an altered license, one may be charged 
with violation of the Alcoholic Beverage 
Control Regulation 13004, which states, 
"It is unlawful for any person to display 
or have in his possession any canceled, 
fictitious , fraudulently altered or 
fraudulently obtained identification 
card . .. (or) to alter any identification 
card not authorized by this code." The 
person presenting the ID is also guilty of 
presenting false proof of age. However, 
apprehended offenders are frequently 
not charged with either crime. 

Most false IDs are discovered at the 
entry points of nighclubs and in 
restaurants or liquor stores. Liquor store 
personnel will usually either accept the 
lD or say that it is not valid. A club, on 
the other hand, may confiscate the card 
and admonish the offender. 

The ABC enforcement manual reads , 
"No defense shall exist if an ID card has 
been altered or if the deSCription on the 
card does not reasonably fit the person 
presenting the card . Of£icers should 
always question suspects as to 
possession of false 10 and additionally 
search suspects for false ID." Thus. one 
can argue that tbe bouncer who 
confiscates a fake ID is doing one a 
favor (the minimum fine for false 
represe ntation of age is 5100). If one 
owns a fake 10 and carries any other 
identification , one is likely to get caught 
if stopped by a police office r. 

The rationales for owning a fake ID 
are many. The user may just want to go 

with hi s friends to a happy hour at 
Carlos Murphy's and eat tacos, or he 
may be a full-blown alcoholic ensuring 
himself of a steady supply. More 
commonly, fake IDs are used to gain 
entrance to nightClubs. Such access is in 
itself a strong incentive for an 
underaged person to try to obtain a false 
10. 

The most effective form of false 
identification is to have a real one; an 

whether the applicant has eve r had a 
drive r's license o r state 10 in Cali forn ia 
before. At this point the applicant 
checks off four "no" answers and 
proceeds to the window. (f the applicant 
makes it past this stage, he pays $6. has 
his photo taken, and is told to expect 
the card in about 60 days. 

Some students use variations of the 
above technique to earn a luc rative 
living in a risky business. One student 

Alcohol Beverage Conlrol Regulalion 13004: "II is unlawfulforany person 10 dispiayor have in 
his possession any canct/ed, jiClilious, fraudulenlly allCrtd or fraudulently obklined idtnl!fica-
lion card .... " Nonelheless. false IDs have become commonplace on college campuses, aUowing 
underage students access to alcohol. 

authentic 10 card from a government 
agency is accepted at almost as many 
places as a gold Visa card . Strangely 
enough, it is relatively easy to procure a 
California 10 or driver's license with a 
picture , a new age and (if needed) 
someone else's name. 

Many people obtain false lOs by 
borrowing the bil1h certifi cate of 
someone who is 21 and applying for a 
California ID at the DMV. On the 
application form the DMV questions 

with access to a plam paper copier, a 
bottle of white out and a typewriter 
found it very easy to copy the birth 
certificate of a friend . He effectively 
created a new human being with an 
incredibly bla~ name and just the right 
birthdate. Another was supplying, for a 
fee , baptismal certificates that were 
Signed by the "parish priest," leavillg 
only a name [0 be fi lled in. One person 
looked through the newspaper 
obituaries from 21 years ago and found 

the name of an infant who had died at 
birth . He then wrote to the county 
asking for a copy of the birth certificate, 
which he then used to obtain a false 10. 
Virtually no other records of the infant 
exist. 

There are many pitfalls to possessing 
false 10 which most do not foresee . 
Since the DMV records are used by 
many governmental agencies, being 
summoned to jury duty or required to 
register for the draft under an assumed 
name is a possibility. 

Every application filed with the DMV 
is fed into a central computer in 
Sacramento. Once the date has been 
entered it is crossfiled with other 
applications. If the computer finds 
anything suspicious, such as two people 
with the same birth records, both 
photos will be pulled. If it turns out that 
someone has lent his birth cenificate to 
someone else, a hold will be placed on 
the new card and investigators at the 
DMV will be notified. Following this the 
DMV will tum over the name of the 
person who supplied the birth 
ce nificate to local authorities, who will 
(hen approach and question the person. 
Often that person provides information 
about the person who used the 
certificate to get an ID, and the latte r is 
summoned to appear in coun. 

An investigator at the DMV, who 
asked not to be identified, elaborated on 
ac tions taken against an underaged 
person with a fake ID: "Generally we 
look at what the persons are using the 
lD for. If it is just for the purposes of 
drinking, we will charge them with a 
Section 20 misdemeanor, which has a 
minimum fine of $100. What usually 
happens- but not alwaYS- iS that the 
offender wi! be given a $300 fine and 
be put on probation , the length of 
which to be determined by the judge." A 
misdemeanor can cany up to a 51 ,000 
fine and a six-month jail sentence. 

When an individual fills out an 
application for an ID, he swears under 
penalty of peljury that he has never had 
an lD or license from the State of 
California. If an offender repeats his 
crime or uses the ID for other purposes 
(SlIch as gaining access to highly 
classified documents or getting a 
business license), then he is likely to 
draw a charge of a felony rather than a 
misdemeanor. 

When asked what measures were 
taken 10 halt the problem of false 
identification at its roots, a source at the 
DMV confirmed that there was not 
much besides the threat of criminal 
action to deter minors from getting IDs. 
In addition, the source described a 
process by which every photo taken by 
the DMV is scrutinized by a group of 
four people in Sacramento said to have 
"photographic memories." Supposedly, 
these people can recognize a photo they 
have previously seen. 

There are cases of fake IDs coming to 
the DMV's attention after two years o f 
use . The' ramifications here are that the 
person who had a fake ID when he was 
20 and is now 22 is still at risk as far as 
the law is concerned. Quoting the DMV 
source. ''The statute of limitations does 
not begin until the date of discovery ." 

The source was not sure of the 
number of fake ID applicants. When the 
figure "one or two a week" was 
suggested, the source replied , "I'm not 
sure if it's even that much." However, 
this seems to be a very unrealistic 
apprn isaJ of just how many fake IDs are 
being processed . 

It remains to be seen what course of 
action will be taken in the future by the 
DMV in dealing with the problem of 
fake IDs. According to the DMV source, 
the department is taking strong 
measures to "preserve the integrity" of 
its documents. n:J 



8 MV",I.I~' , Uu. 22, 1984 
.... . ' . ~~ .. ~"'-: 

You c an be part of the 
greatest alliance in American 
business history - Electronic 
Data Systems and General Motors. 
This alliance combines the 
info nnation processing strengths 
of EDS with the resources of the 
largest company in the nation. 
And with it comes vast 
opportunities for you - the kind 
that business professionals can 
spend their entire careers seeking. 
You're already starting at the top 
with our outstanding resources 
for growth and success. And the 
only way to go is up. 

We're looking for self-starters 
- people with the confidence to 
set high goals and the 
determination to reach them. We 
want to put you at the core of 
EDS' operations as a Systems 
Engineer. EDS Systems Engineers 
use both business and technical 
skills to solve complex problems 
for our clients. And every EDS 
Systems Engineer has graduated 
from our nationally-recognized 
Systems Engineering Development 
(SED) Program. 

The SED Program will 
prepare you for the leadership 
responsibilities you will have in 
the EDS and GM alliance. It lasts 
approximately 18 months and will 
undoubtedly be one of the most 
rigorous and rewarding business 
experiences of your life. You'll 
receive intensive classroom 
training, and you'll also have the 
chance to deal directly with our 
customers. You'll gain knowledge 
that will place you far ahead of 
your peers. And when you 
graduate, you'll have an exciting 
poSition with unlimited growth 
potential. 

To qualify for the SED 
Program, you must be a college 
graduate with a technical aptitude 
and an outstanding record of 
achievement. You should have a 
major in Management Information 
Systems, Computer Information 
Systems, Computer Science, or 
Engineering. We will also consider 
candidates with any academic 
major and a strong interest in 
business and information 
processing. In addition, 

you must be flexible to 
relocate and travel. Finally, you 
must be a U.S. citizen or 
permanent resident. If you are a 
successful candidate, EDS will 
reward you with a competitive 
compensation package. And you're 
sure to thrive in our corporate 
environment where rewards are 
based on achievement - not 
seniority. 

TAKE THE FIRST STEP 
TOWARD JOINING TIlE 
GREATEST ALLIANCE IN 

AMERICAN BUSINESS 
HISTORY. . 

Contact your college placement 
office today to schedule an 
interview with a local EDS 
recruiter. Or, write to: Electronic 
Data Systems Corporation, 7171 
Forest Lane, Dallas, TX 75230. 
(214) 661-6060. An Equal 
Opportunity Employer. 

ECS 
Electronic Data Systems Corporation 

Monday. Oct. 22. 1984 9 

A Warren College Publication, University of California, San Die 0 

WARREN ON WHEELS 

For Warren College students who live off-campus, this information 
is fo r you. A new program this yea r entitled Warren on Wheels was 
des igned to meet some of your needs as commuter students. Events are 
planned for the quarter and you a re encouraged to attend anyone of 
them, Also, please look for our section in this Newsletter. More 
in formation about th is program can be obtained at the Warren Dean s 
Office, 452-4731. 
UPCOMING EVENTS: 

October 23 7:30-9:30 am 

November 6 5:00-6:30 pm 

November 8 6:30-9:30 pm 

Commuter Breakfast with the 
Deans at the International Center. 
$l.00. 

Special Academic Advising Session 
for Commuters in the Warren 
Provost's Office. 

Warren on Wheels Potluck with Dr. 
Paolo Dau and Dr. Catherine Lowe. 
In University City. 

C01lllllut.:r l30.lrCl M.:.:ting Every Monday al 5:00 pill at the Warren I'm\'o~t'~ Uillce. 
I'k.ls,: sign up 10r all eve nts .It th.: I'roV0St'~ UIlJce. 

WANTED: 
SENIORS TO PlAN 
COMMENCEM ENT 

An)' graduating se niors 
interested in planning the 
commencement ceremonies 
for June should contact the 
Student Activities Coordinator 
Felipe Zatarain , at the Warren 
Dean 's OlTice. ~holV the 
freshmen they're not the only 
Warren students with spirit l 
Your input is needed on the 
commencement theme , 
keynme speaker, and senior 
speaker. Be sure to come by or 
call me at 452-6171 by 
Thursday, October 25th, 

JUDICIAL BOARD 
OPENING 

Applications are now being 
accepted for an opening on 
the Warren College Judicial 
Board . For information call 
Krista, 452-50.38. 

COMMUTER LOCKERS 
STILL AVAIlABLE 

both at Bonner Hall and P&'L 
($12/yr. and $5/ qtr.). Check 
with the Dean's Office. 

POLITICAL/SOCIAL ISSUES 
ALM SERIES 

Uct 2-+ 
Nov, 7 
Nov. H 
Nov. 2!:1 

1V"lj£llC 
lVihlllllglulI, U::.A lO,O()O 

Ballic' uf ChilL-
fhL lV,lIJ I> Old 

7:30 pill, Warr.:n College Caletena 

ESTABLISH A GLOBAL FRIENDSHIP 
UCSD COMMUNITY CONTACT PROGRAM 

Uvcr 1000 Illtcrnatlon.11 stuuellb IrOlll more IhJn !:IO n,untru:s attend UC lJ . Y,IU 
Gill haw a wllldmv 10 the w0r1d by eSlab"~hlllg a Iril'ndsilip II'llh them. T0 aS~lst 111 
the process \\Ie haw ckvdopl'd thl.' Community Cuntact Program. I hl.' baSIS 01 thl.' 
pmgram I~ to provldl.' .1 \V,I)' 10r ilK.11 UL~I) 'UM~IU I ER S I UI)E I .II1U urhcr 
fJIl1t1ic~ III Ihl' ~lll11mLllllty to 1ll1.'1.'1 .lIld belnl' lld .111 Intl.'rn.IlIull.d ~llIUl'llt. 

ACTION POI NT: 
II I ERt.: I ElJ ? 011l1.' by the Imernallon.11 Cl.'l1 tl' I Il) pick L1p.1 I.IIlld)' 4L11.' ~ II UII~lre or 
~l.'e lJelll~c C..lIllpbdl , WJITell lJe '\n '~ UIlILl' . 

APARTMENT HAPPENINGS 
Congratulations to the Warren Apartment Government (WAG) for its 
scint illating success with the annual BED BUDDY BALL. 
WAG meetings take place every Thursday at 7 p.m. Coine out and be 

heard. Several committees need more members. 

UPCOMING EVENTS: 
Frederick Wiseman's film, Wdjcm: will be shown Wednesday, Oct. 24, 
at 7:30 pm in the Warren Cafeteria. This is part of the Political and 
Social Issues Film Series put together by Krista Kiger. Free. 

A workshop on massage techniques will be given on Wednesday, Oct. 
24, in the Community Room of Building 3. Time TBA. 

A workshop on sexual harassment will be given at 7 pm on Thursday, 
Oct. 25, in the Community Room of Building 4. 

There will be a pool party, with BBQ and a OJ, for the residents of 
Building 4 from 3-6 pm on Saturday, Oct. 27. Sign up with your R.A. 
immed iately. 

Volleyball Finals for Warren students living atthe Mesa Apartments will 
be held on Sunday, Oct. 28. Time TBA. 

A workshop on Crime Prevention, Rape Awareness, and elf Dele nse 
will be held in the Building 4 Community Room on Thursday, ov. 1. 
Time TBA. 

A Masquerade Ball for all Warren students will be held on Friday, Nov. 2, 
beginning at 9 pm at (he Central Library Pavilion. Come in costume. 
MUSIC and refreshments provided. 

Wilmington, USA 10,000, a ram about the civil rights movement, will be 
shown as part of the Political and 'oeial Issues Film Series on 
Wednesday. ov. 7, at 7:30 pm in the Warren Cafeteria. Free, 
donations a((;epted . 

Every Thursday night, free movies in the Building 3 Community Room , 
and every unday night. free movies in the Building 4 Commu!1it)' 
Room. 

BOOST YOUR CAREER 
BE A VOLUNTEER 

• Explore Your CIl'l.'l'r Interl.'SIS 
• 13U1ld Your Rl'~UIlH': ror Acadcmi\: ~ LJrecr InternshIps 0r I'uturc Empl0yml.'nt 
• ~l"kl.' Invaluable LlHltdCb III Yllur ChLJsen l'micsslon. 
• N0t [lJ i\lent101l rnelltis. I'un N the Joys 01 Hdplllg Uthers. 
• . Un ~ un LdlllpU~ !'1.lceml.'nts Av.lIl.lble. 
• Most IllIpllrt.llltly - DU 11' NOW! 

For i\lure InlorllhlllOn - l'l.' Dcnbe Clmpbl.'lI, Dl.'.IIl 's Unkc 

---- CALENDAR OF EVENTS -~---

Satu rday, November 3, 1984, 8- lO pm 
Tickets for the Warren College Harbor Cru ise will go on sale today, 
Mond,ty, Oct. 22, at the UEO Box Olfice (Student Center) and the 
Warre n ProVOSt Office for $5 each. Black a nd white attire is requested. 

Tuesday, ovember 6, 6 pm-mid night, . ConI'. Rm. (Student Center) 
Watc h the election re turns on wide screen television and hear UC 0 
bcul ty give an immed iate analYSis . Prese nted by the Warren College 
Facul ty Fellow Program. 

Tue day, ovember LJ, 5-6 pm, . onf. Rm . (Student Center) 
Warren College Faculty l-cllow Program presents Dr. Michael David on 

(U~ ' 0 ~lteraturc Department) reading h is poetry and talking about the 
eralts 01 the poet and the IiteralY critic. 



10 Monday, OLl, 22, 1984 
NE~ 

:... ~ ~'-: ..; ',-. ~ :.: ~ " • , • > 

SAAC 
< CONTINUED FROM PAGE 3 < 

"There has been no change, We're 
not going to ovenule $MC on how to 
spend the money as long as it meets 
University regulatiOns," said Watson. 

Mark Boroditsky, the AS PreSident, 
refuted SMC's charge that the AS has 
not been responsive to cultural 
programming, claiming that they had 
already designated $980 for Black 
History Week, $1 ,470 for Cinco De 
Mayo and $1,800 for the Women's 
Resource Center. 

We have a $49,000 budget to 
accomodate around 150 organizations 
on campus. There is just not much 
money to go around," said Boroditsky. 
To increase communication berween the 
rwo entities, Boroditsky and SAAC have 
d iscussed the possibility of creating a 
position of an ex-officio $MC member 
to the AS Council whose primary 

responSibility would be to act as Hason 
and to represent SAAC at the AS 
meetings. This individual would be 
appointed by SAAe. As an ex-officio 
member 10 the council , the 
representative would have a voice but 
no vote. 

Rivera, co mmenting on ~roditsky's 
response, labeled the money the AS had 
given to the cultural events as "token 
allocations to the Affirmative Action 
students. There are so many more 
cultural events besides these. The AS 
does have the money. If you look at 
their budget at the end of the year, they 
usually have money left over. I think the 
AS reflects the conservatism that is 
widespread in our sociery." 

Rivera argued that $MC should have 
its own money to fund activities that 
would best meet the needs of the 
students it serves. 

Watson , however, declared that 
Rivera's solution is "an ineffective way to 
get the campus to serve the needs of the 
AlTirmative Action students. 

"I don't think that they should fund 

PEACE s eal'Il k peel nor 
CORPS For Special People 

Hi, m ~ name i\ Chri, Adam~, 
A l'Ouple of year \ ago , when I had 
ju,t graduated from l'Ollege, I volun-
teered for t he Peace Corps and went 
to work in We't Africa . That 's where 
this picture of me (and my wide-eyed 
young friend, "as taken . 

The Peace Corps ga'e me 
Iransportation to and from my new 
host cou ntry, a readjustment allow-
ance when I came back to the U.S., 
12 wc:cks of language and cross-cul-
tural training , complete medical and 
dental coverage and a couple of hu n-
dred dollars a month to live on . The 
Peace Corps also gave me something 
else; a chance to grow, both ~rsonal ­
Iy and professionally. 

During m y two years overseas I 
was able to put a lot of my "text -
book" knowledge to some real prac-
tical tests. But more than that , 
because of the Peace Corps, I was 
able to s~nd two years living and 
working in places I'd only read about 
before. AI the same time, I got to 
know a culture and a group of ~ople 
like no tourist ever will . 1 even man-
aged to have a good time occasionally 
too! 

I'm not saying it's easy, it's 
not. There are thousands of new 
things to get used to and frustrations 

you'd never even imagine (per\onally, 
I never did get used to taking cold 
showers) . No, I wouldn't ~ay it\ eaw 
... just worth it. And even today, 
when I think back on it, I feel ki nd o f 
proud . Because I know that what I 
tried to accomplish was good and 
worthwhile and important. That '~ 
part of the reason that my two years 
in the Peace Corps were such a ve ry 
special part of my life . 

But all Ihis is about me. What 
about you? The Peace Corps is not 
the kind of thing I recommend to 
everybody. But, if you 're a U.S. cit i-
zen , 18 years of age or older, with a 
four-year college degree or a skill, 
then 1 do recommend that you look 
into it and then make a decision for 
yourself. You could find that it 's " the 
toughest job you ' ll ever love ." 

Oh , by the way, if you heard a 
noise while reading th is ad , don ' t 
worry. It's just opportun ity knock · 
ing . 

The Toughest 
Job You'D 
Ever Love 

INFORMATION TABLE: Ocr. 30th and 3 1st , from 
10:00 a.m. to ):00 p.m., on th ~ UCSD "Hump". 

FILMS: Oct. 30th and 31 st, at 10:00 a,m., noon and 
2:00 p.m., in the North onfc rencc Room. 

ON-CAMPUS INTERVIEWS: November Istand 2nd. 
Apphcatlons a r~ availabl~ in thl! Care"r Planning and 
Placement Office (an application must oc completed 
b<:fore the Intcrvi~w) . 

SPECIAL INTERESTS IN: SCIence, math , Fn:nLh, 
and Spanish, 

APPL Y NOW! for programs b<:1l1n nt nil In January ur July! 
FOR MORE INFORMATION: Call (213) 209·7444 . 

the programs. Rather, they should work 
with the adminstration and the AS to 
get money to fund these events," he 
said , 

Because SAAC is an advisory 
committee, Watson believed it should 
address this major policy issue to ensure 
that events and activities on campus do 
serve the needs of all students. 

"Why shouldn't the AS be responsive 
to the needs of Affirmative Action 
students? They may not be responsive 
but they are responsible. If SAAC feels 
that the AS is unsupportive , then it is its 
job as an advisOry committee to inform 
me and others so that we can deal with 
it more effectively," Watson said. 

Watson added that SAAC should "get 
out of the business of running and 
funding programs. They should focus on 
evaluating the needs of the Affirmative 
Action students, identifying weaknesses 
in academic services and organizatiOns 
and making recommendations to this 
office," 

Watson suggested that a 
subcommittee be created to deal with 
the responsibility of allocating the 

programming money. 
"We want $MC to playa major role , 

not a minor role . It does require a leap 
of faith . We can influence UCSD as a 
whole to be more aware of the needs of 
all students. That's different from having 
a designated $10,000 to fund activities 
here and there ," said Watson. 

Ultimately, it's going to hun the 
students because we have lost our 
autonomy from the administration," said 
Rangel on the structure changes in 
$Me. "Now, we 're nothing more than a 
rubber-stamp commi[(ee, a tool for the 
administration. $MC was a powerful 
dynamic vehicle for expression because 
we were autonomous from the Vice-
Chancellor and free from other 
adminstrative control. Thus we didn't 
have the administration breathing down 
our back," 

Rangel also said that Affirmative 
Action students lost their suppOrt base 
because "on this campus, without 
money, it is more difficult to be heard 
and to educate others of the special 
needs of these students." ~ 

Want To Earn Money? 

BE A CAPE RUNNER! 
Flexible hours, temporary job, only 4 
weeks long. Check the job board NOW 
and drop in for an interview at CAPE. 

Q314 (452 .. 2668) 

Stra tegies for 
Undeclared Majors 

Wednesday. October 24th 
12-1:30 pm 

Mountain VltW Lounge 
Third CoUege 

Still undeclared about your major? This workshop will 
give you a systematic way to investigate UCSD's 24 
majo rs, to learn more about your skiLls, interes ts, and 
goa ls, and to consider the occupational possibilities for 
the m ajors that best fit you, A student panel , academic 
advisors, and represe ntatives from Career PLanning &. 
Placement will be there to help you d eal with your case 
of "u ndeclareiti s." 

Monday, Del 22, 1 98~ 11 

'. 

AS looking for a bit of the green 
By LILYS McCOY 

H OW WOULD YOU UKE to have a copy center on campus, an emergency revolving loan fund 
for students, bener Nautilus eqUipment 
and more funding for on-campus 
organizations? These are just a few of 
the goals UCSD will be able to achieve 
through a campUS-wide fund raising 
bonanza that is being planned by the 
Associated Students Council. 

The fund raiser, ·Student Workday." 
will be a cooperative effort berween the 
students of UCSD and the surrounding 
community to raise funds ' for the above 
services and any other ideas that 
students wish to contribute. 

"It's a project Ihat Development 
Director Ray Ramseyer and I have come 
up with to increase student and 
community interaction and raise funds 
for the student body," said AS Vice 
President Mary Rose Alexander. 

"We've bounced the idea off a couple 
of administrators , Randy Woodard, 
Vice-Chancellor j oseph Watson and 
Chancellor Richard Atkinson , and 
everyone thinks it's a good idea," 

The "Student Workday," which can be 
loosely defined as a "work-a-thon," will 
encompass rwo days, Friday and 
Saturday in the second week of winter 
quarter, or later. 

Community members or even campus 
employers will offer jobs to students and 
pledge a $5 minimum per hour of work. 

The jobs will include those tasks "ihat 

just never get done" here at UCSD, 
ranging from pulling the weeds on 
Pryatel Field to internship at various 
local busi7esses, 

Twenty-five percent of the money 
raised will go to the campus 
organization of the student's choice and 
the remaining 75% will go to the AS. 

"It won't, however, go into the 
General Unanocated [Fundi but will go 
for special earmarked projects," said 
Alexander. 

The Council is hoping that the 
fund raiser will be an enjoyable way to 
initiate new programs for students 
without raising the "activity fee ." 

"Our budget now is so tight that there 
is no room to expand. There is no 
money to start an entirelY new program 
and do it right," said Alexander. 

' So, instead of ra ising the activity fee, 
'taxing' the students more , we've 
decided on having this fundraiser, 
which seems like an enjoyable 
alternative." 

So , what's in it for students besides a 
couple hours of work? According to 
Alexander, "The reward for students is 
that they're doing a great thing for the 
school and for the community and even 
making a lot of good contacts which 
could lead to a permanent job," 

"It s not thinking, I have to clear a Job 
for rwo hours; it's thinking I want to 
make some money for my group; I want 
to make a difference for my University: I 
want to be the student body that started 

UC San Diego 
CHAMBER MUSIC SERIES 

10TH ANNIVERSARY SEASON 
presents 

The luilliard Strint.Quartet 
Haydn's Quartet in D Major, Op. 50, No.6 

Schumann's Quartet in F Major , Op.4[, N~.2 
Schubert's Quintet in C Major, D.9.56 (Op, (63) 

with Bonnie Hampton, cellist 

October 24, Wednesday, 8:00p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 

Series tickets: $50.00, Singles tickets: $13.00 
n~mDN"@T£LET5\DN 

UCSD Box Office, 452-4559 
____ produced by the U C D UN IVEN.~ITY EVEN rs OFFICE ___ ... 

the copy center, I want the new Nautilus 
eqUipment in the gym, I want money for 
my floor to get T-shirts. Whatever it is, 
that should be the incentive ," said 
Alexander. 

On Saturday after the event , there will 
be a large barbecue near the Sun God , 
sponsored by the involved businesses, 
and celebrating all the good work with 
an AS UCSD sponsored talent show to 
expose the best talent to the communiry. 
Also, the gro!JP that makes the most 
money will receive 100% of their 
funding or a $100 prize . 

inviting many members of the business 
community, Chancellor's Associates 
(citizens who have donated significant 
amounts to UCSD) and Ul jolla Light 
reporters, encouraging them to 
participate and spread the word, 

Alexander invites anyone who wishes 
to, to help out on the committees, "You 
need to be organized and mOlivated. No 
experience necessary." she said. just ask 
for Mary Rose Alexander or leave a 
message at the AS Office above EDNA in 
the Student Center. ~ 

The project is currently in the 
planning stages and the Council is 
welcoming anyone who wishes to help 
coordinate, part icipate as a worker or 
offer suggestions about how the money 
should be used, 

There have been three committees 
delegated to work on the Idea submitted 
by Alexander and Development Di rector 

~ay Ramseyer, 
An internal committee will coordinate 

student participation, solicit 
sponsorship and allocate general funds, 

A committee will also be organized as 
a liaison with the community. It wtll 
choose committee liaisons, establish 
contacts with various organizations, and 
match students wi th jobs, 

The steering committee will fi nalize 
all details of the project, establish a goal, 
oversee projects, and establish a budget. 

The only expenditures will include a 
promotional luncheon on October 25, 

A representat,ve 01 the Uni .... il 
01 San Di~O, and the Nal iona enter 

for ara legal Tralning's 
LAWYER'S ASSISTANT PROGRAM 

Will be on campus 

, October 26 at 9 :0 0~M 
to diSCUSS detads 01 the Program and career 
opportunities lor college graduates in this 
growing. new Ileid. 
.. ,You may qua Il ly lor this ,ntens lve 12 

week. post' graduate cou rse. wh,eh en, 
abies you to put you r educat ion to work 
as a skdled member 01 the legal team, 

Please contact your Career 
Planning and Placement 
Off ice at 452 - 37 50 . 

F Ol F, •• S I OCfUl fl . conifer 
t UNIVERSITY OF SAN DIEGO ~_ 311, St". Hall 

Illf'I ll~r'l Alliltln, Proarom Son 0, .... CA 921 10 ~ 16191 193-4579 

GRADUATION 
PLANNING 

> " 

. '~"'.\ 
... L1 ,~": 

~~ 
Warren Seniors graduating in the 1984-1985 

academic year are needed to advise the 
Commencement planner on theme and 

speakers for the June 16, 1985 ceremony, 
Leave your name and number ot the Warren 

Dean's Office or colI Fel ipe Zatarion at 
452-61 71 . Deadline is Thursday, 

October 25 at 4:JO .m. 



12 MQl1(my, OCI . 22, J 984 

!/::\ \\ ~~~ =---') j 
o O(~( =:~~( ~) jl OJ 

You are invited to pass the bewitching hour of ' . 

Halloween! 
Costume contest, pumpkin carving, apple bobbing, 
music, dancing and refreshments. 

Friday, Oct. 26 at 8 pm 
International Center. $2 ($3 at door) 
Call 452-3730 Jar more inJo. Span ored by the International Club. 

Recycle 
When wheels go round and round on a bicycle 
Then it's appropriate to say that they recycle. 
When you recycle aluminum, glass and paper in a bin 
Then we must say thank you for pitching in. 
But if you'd like to do more to help the environment 
Stop by the Che, Mondays at 6 and get our of retirement 
For the Recycle Coop has formed an elite platoon 
To recycle waste and write another looney tune. 

Ski Vail Ski Vail Ski Vail 
The All-Cal Winter ski trip is right around the corner. This 

year come spend five days of beautiful skimg w/UCSD, UCLA, 
UCSB, UCD, UCR, UCI &: UCSC in Vail, Colorado. Dec 14-21. 
For $299 you get transportation to and from Vail, deluxe 
a.ccomodations right at the foot of the mountain , five days of lift 
tIckets, refreshments, and the opportunity to panicipate in a 
bunch of fun activities. So buy your ticket now at the box office. 
Limited seating is available , so hop to it! 

Oh yes, RISC is giving you a chance to win yourself a free trip 
to Vail with the All-Cal. How? You say. Well , Oct. 26 we are 
having a car rally. So grab yourself a wild friend with a speedy 
car and head on over to the rec . conference room at 7 pm. 
Costume-kamikaze pany immediately following the rally. Prizes 
awarded for best costumes. 

Fright-Day Night, Oct. 26 
it's "Halloween 2" 

Midnight, at USB 2722 for $2.00 

Now is your chance 
Get in ~n the s~oop and be pan of the process. If you're 

enthUSiastic, creatIve, and have a desire to work towards 
making campus a better place, the ELECTION COMMITTEE 
WANTS YOU! Contact Robin Newland, Elections 
Commissioner, at the AS offices (above EDNA). Word has it that 
a hot referendum is coming up soon. 

Executive Committee on 
Salaries meetings 

Mon 1-2, Thurs. 8-9 am 
Student Input is Encouraged! 

Please send written input to Michael Goodheim, 8-023. 

Dick, the A.S. needs 
e..,.,._ .. interested students 

to help rewrite 
their constitution. 

All interested students contact Marc Boroditsky or 
Mary Rose Alexander in the A.S. Offices or call 
452-4450. Time is short, contact us ASAP! 
Meetings in AS. Office Tuesdays at 4 pm. 

Join Mark Lassleben and Disruss 

Intimacy and Relationships 
Tuesday, Oct. 23 from noon-1 pm in North Conference 
Room - Student Center. Sponsored by YOUR Women's 
Clinic, Student Health Advocates and Planned Parenthood . 
Call 452-2180 for more information. 

Notice to Econ/Mgt Sci majors! 
The Society for Advancement of Managt;ment (SAM) presents 

John Kuhl, President Senior SAM. join us for a dynamic speaker 
presentation and general meeting. Tuesday, Oct. 23 at 7 pm in 
Conference Rm. lIlA. SAM: Bridging the gap between 
education and the business world. 

Attention Women Engineers 
"Writing an Effective Resume" is the topic of discussion at 

the Society of Women Engineers meeting on Thursday, Oct. 25 
from 5:30-7 pm in Urey Hall 2102. Also the upcomingjohFair 
will be discussed. Refreshments will be served. 

Make a difference! 
CalPIRG is organizing a non-panisan forum on the state 

propositions. There will be a meeting organizing this forum on 
Thursday, Oct. 26 at 4 pm in the Student Center's Multi-
purpose room, come and get involved! 

The following Media Board positions 
are open: Muir Rep., Warren Rep. 
and A.S. Rep. Please see John 
Trumpler, Ken Cariffe or your 
college council. 

EXPERIENCE 
as well as books will get you a JOB when you graduate. 
Appointments being made now. Contact John Trumpler, 
AS Comm. of Appointments & Evaluations in the AS 
Office at x4450. 
Programming, Academic Freedom, Admissions. Education Abroad 
and International Education, Subcommittees on Undergraduate 
Courses, Executive and Policy (2), Planning and Budget, 
Undergraduate Scholarships and Honors (2), 1985-86 State Funded 
Minor Capital Improvement Program, Student Life. enrollment 
Projection Review Committee, Public Relations, Financial Controller 
Assistant, On Campus Admin. Comm., On Campus Residential and 
Food Advisory Committee, Residential Apartments Advisory 
Committee , Bookstore AdviSOry Committee , Parking and 
Transportation Committee, Day Care Center Committee, Media 
Board, Instructional Equipment Renewal Committee, Instructional 
Improvement Committee, Residential and Food Services AdviSOry 
Committee, Ad Hoc Advisory Committee on Recruitment Enrollment 
and Retention , Media Policy Steering Committee, Summer Session 
AdviSOry Committee, Oasis AdviSOry Committee, Academic Senate 
Admissions Subcommittee, Mandeville Center Advisory Committee, 
Academic Senate Planning and Budget Sub-Committee, Advisory 
Committee on Student Finances, Campus/Community Piannil 
Committee, COSAP. 

Political Film Series 
. 'City Lovers' & 'A Chip of Glass Ruby' 

Friday, Oct. 26 at 7 pm 
TLH 107 FREE 

Beat those Winter quarter blues. 
Looking for a way to spice up your academic? Getting tired of 

16 units of drudgery, boredom, and lack of motivation every 
quaner? Textbooks just aren't stimulating reading for you 
anymore? DON'T DESPAIR! There's still hope with an 
internship from the Associated Students Internship Office! Let 
ASIO arrange an internship which will give you on-the-job 
training and enhance your employment prospects for the 
future . We have internships for just about every major and can 
even help you design you own if you have a special request. 
Many great pOSitions are still open for next quarter, so APPLY 
TODAY!!! For more info, call 452-4689 or stop by our office 
above the Gameroom in the Student Center. We're open daily 
9am-3pm. 

The Nuclear Winter 
Wednesday, Oct. 24: The Nuclear Winter. Dr. Robert B. 

Livingston, Professor of Neuroscience at UCSD. will discuss 
characteristics of the Nuclear Winter. The seminar, which will 
be held in the Revelle Informal Lounge 6:30-7:30 pm, is pan of 
the Nuclear Weapons and Society seminar series sponsored by 
Student Pugwash at UCSD. For further information concerning 
the seminar series or Student Pugwash activities, contact Caroly 
Shumway (272-2550) or Aspen Aman (272-8815). 

Pre-Law Orientation Session 
Career Services presents a Pre-Law Orientation Session in 

the North Conference Room, Tuesday, October 23,3:30-5 pm. 
An information and discussion session with the career services 
pre-law advisor. The academic internship program and law and 
society minor advisors, and the student organization, PLEA. All 
students interested in the application process for law school 
should attend this session. 

o 

Debate: Politics 84/The Jewish Concern 
Representatives from the Mondale / Ferraro and 

Reagan/ Bush campaigns will be debating the jewish issues of 
the 1984 election. Monday, Oct. 22 in HL Auditorium at 7:30 
pm. The floor will be open for questions. Refreshments to 
follow. Sponsored by the Israel Action Committee and the 
Union ofJewish Students. For more info call 452-3616. 

Groundwork study groups 
Groundwork study groups stan this week. Sexual politics, 

collective theory & cooperative skills, behavioral change, 
women, race & class, U.s. intervention in Central America. 
These study groups are small, intimate learning groups where 
the process of learning is direct and unmystified. The 
atmosphere is cooperative and supponive, so you learn what 
you want to learn, instead of learning how to tOP the other 
person. There are no prerequisites. Except for cost of books, 
study grollps are free and open to everyone. For more 
information come by Groundwork Books in the Student Center 
or call 452-9625. 

Does $50,000 excite you? 
AS Activity Fee Commissioner has a $50,000 
budget. Contact John Trumpler or Marc 
Boroditsky at AS Office. x4450. 

Africa with Crossroads 
join us in the Summer 1985 Program. Attend an informal 

meeting with Sonia Kelly, director Africa program, Operations 
Crossroads, Africa. Wednesday, Oct. 24 in the International 
Center from 3:30 to 5 pm. For additional information contact 
the UCSD International Club. 



14 Monday, Od, 22, 1984 

Accept me for what I am 
• • • 

By STEPHONIE KRIEGER 

T HE GREY CONCRETE buildings didn't exactly open their anns to me on my first day of school. I 
stood in the parking lot, knapsack slung 
over one shoulder, gazing down at tPte 
campus map I had tom from my 1982-
83 UCSD Student Catalogue. Self-
consciousness consumed me when a 
group of obviously established students 
approached . They were laughing and 
talking amongst themselves. One, a 
blonde-haired guy, rode circles around 
the group on a skateboard . Another 
chased him, screaming, "Give me my 
board, man! You're looking for some 
gnarley bruises, dude!" 

As they ambled by, quick glances 
made me crumple my map into a tight 
fist. Finally seemg the backs of their 
blond heads, my gnp loose ned and I 
tossed the map into the back seat of my 
car. I had to laugh at myself. Here I was, 
a three year veteran of the Ivy League, 
suffering from "freshman fright.. " I'd 
been through all the preliminaries 
before . College was old hat. Still , I felt all 

eyes were upon me as I walked 10 my 
class. 

My routine at sChool became quite 
comfonable by Week 2. I'd chosen a 
favorite seat m each lecutre hall-usually 
in the back, away from other people . 
Whenever class was over, I was the first 
person out the door. If I had free time 
between classes, I'd fj nd a Spot on the 
grassy quad to sit by myself and study. 

By the stan of Week 3, however, I 
began 10 wonder at my solitude. I had, 
after all, moved 10 California to meet 
new and different people. So, I said 10 
myself, "Starting today, you will make a 
grand effort to be more sociable." 

When I went to my first class that 
day, I was the first person there. I 
obviously couldn't sit next to anyone, so 
I moved up closer to the center of the 
room. As the classroom started to fill up, 
I was pleased when someone sat down 
next to me. 

She had shon, short black hair, a 
black leather jacket, a black sleeveless T-
shin, blue Jeans and "Spiccoh" sneakers. 
"Spiccoli" is a term used back East to 
describe those slip-on, purple checked 
sneakers worn by the character Spiccoh 
in "Fast Times at Ridgemont High." 

I stole a few Sidelong glances as she 
slouched down In the chair, putling her 
feet up on the arms of the seat In front 
of her. She showed no modesty with her 
legs spread Wide out 

I gnnned Inwardly as I looked around 

the room. Young faces were coated with 
Indian War Paint. Sculptured punk 
hairdos adorned a majority of the 
scalps. Girls' bodies were clothed in 
polka-dotted mini skirts, scissor 
deSigned sweat shirts and plastiC 
pumps. Boys' tanned frames were 
covered with sleeveless T-shirts , pink 
plaid shorts, or pants with a thousand 
zippers in each leg. Earrings shone in 
their lobes. 

I looked down at myself and 
wondered if it was time to change my 
image. L.L. Beach Chinos, Land's End 
sweaters, and Brooks Brother'S button 
downs defied any fashion code set by 
my California contemporaries. 

My reOections were disturbed by the 
voice next to me. 

"Hey, how's it goin'?" My neighbor 
greeted me and then let her eyes travel 
slowly down the length of my body. 
Squlnning slightly, I returned her 
greeting, then shyly turned away. There 
I was, a transfer student from upstate 
New York, sitting in a classroom full of 

California's finest. My father and I had 
argued endlessly about the types of 
people I'd meet here. He swore on his 
golf clubs that all Californians were 
"hippies, weirdos, druggies, and unwed 
mothers." I swore back that he was 
narrow-minded and shouldn't pass such 
harsh judgments. I began to wonder 
when my neighbor staned cleaning her 
fmgernails with a pocket knife. By the 
end of the week, my new friend 
introduced herself as Meg. 

Monday and my curiOSity found me 
seated next to Meg again. We began to 
exchange more and more words during 
class. Meg continued to run her eyes 
over me. I felt goose bumps tickle my 
skin as she leaned over my shoulder to 
look at Cnmc and PUnt hmenL 

"Mind If I look on7" 
"Uh no. no ... go ahead ." 
"Bonng. eh]" 
• Prt: tty 
I ley. a group of us are haVing <In 1(;(: 

don't reject me for what I am not 
cream sOcial on Wednesday. We're 
going to do it every week. You ought to 
come sometime. OK?" 

After whispering her message. Meg 
lost interest in my Norton Edition of 
Crime and Punishment and leaned back 
in her seat. She looked over at me, 
expecting an answer. 

"Yeah, sure, maybe sometime. 
Thanks." 

When the clock's long hand hit the 
ten, Meg was up and on her way. I 
heard her mutter goodbye as she 
slipped past me. And, she dropped 
something. The minute I saw the 
envelope drop from her fingers, the 
minute I felt it land squarely in my lap, 
the minute she dashed hurriedly up the 
aisle, I knew not to call her back. I 
wanted to say, "Hey, Meg, you dropped 
something." But I knew she dropped it 
on purpose . 

I let the envelope sit on my thigh 
while the rest of the class surged out of 
the lecture hall. I sat there until no one 
remained . Then, wiping my sweaty 

... - ... . . -

palms on my legs, I touched the 
envelope. My hean was racing, my 
stomach contracting as I started to peel 
the adheSive flap away. Nerves gave way 
to humor again when I recalled a similar 
instance In fi fth grade. The love of my 
early life once sli pped by my desk to 
drop ofT an envelope . Its contents 
revealed a secret desire to spend recess 
with me . 

I tore the envelope open in a hurry 
when people staned populating the 
lecture hall. I pulled the purple note 
paper from the envelope as I passed 
through the rear door of the room. And , 
ft nally outside in the mainstream of 
traffic, I walked along and read the 
paper. 

You Are Cordially Invited to Attend 
UCSO's First Annual 

on-Sel(15t Dance 
at 

The ChI;' Cafe 
OctOber 6, 1982, 8:00 pm 

Bnng J friend or cOllle stdg. 

A good time to be had by all. 
Al the bottom of this printed notice, 

Meg had scrawled her name and phone 
number. I shoved the invitation into my 
knapsack and headed for my next class. 

When I got home from school that 
night, I found my roommates having a 
Friday afternoon happy hour. Sue was 
adding Triple Sec to the blender full of 
Margarita mixings. 

"Hey, Sue, pour me one of those , 
would you? It's time to celebrate." 

"Sure. What's the occasion?" 
"I got asked out on my first date at 

UCSD." 
"Really? I thought you didn't know 

anyone there ." The blender whirred 
frantically in the background. 

"I do now. Besides, I'm such a fox , 
who could help asking me out?" 

"Wow ... sorry your self-esteem is so 
low." Sue poured three glasses of the 
frothy green mixture, and handed me 
one. "Who's the lucky person?" 

I sat on the couch and wiped the salt 
from the rim of my drink. "Wait till 

Kevin gets out of the bathroom. I want 
him to hear this too." 

Kevin joined us. "OK, slick. What's 
the story?" 

/ 

I could hardly keep from laughing as I 
told them about the dance. 

Kevin poked me in the ribs and 
tease~, me. "Gee. I'm jealous. A dance. 
Wow. 

"What the hell is a non-sexist dance?" 
asked Sue. 

"Well , I'm not quite sure, but I do 
have a sneaking suspiCion. My date's 
name is Meg." 

"Meg?! " 
"Yeah , Meg." 
"That's a girl's name," Kevi n 

exclaimed. 
"It was a girl who asked me." I 

described Meg's physical appearance. 
By now my roommates were 

hystencal. "God . t('phonie, you better 
Start wearing skins to school. A non 
seXist dance? Jesus. you gOt in\'ited to a 
dance by a lesbian!" 

"Yep, I guess I did ... maybe .... " 
A busy weekend made me forget my 

predicament, but when I returned 10 
school on Monday I felt my mind lapst 
into confusion. What do I say to Meg? 
Part of me felt slightly Oattered to be the 
object of another women's desires. Pan 
of me felt angry that she assumed my 
sexual preference to be the same as 
hers. And another part of me was driven 
by compassion. I didn't want to hurt 
Meg's feelings. She had, after all, been 
nice to me. But I also didn't want to 
encourage her in any way. 

CuriOSity helped me with my final 
decision. I decided to continue to sit 
with Meg, and be friendly, That's why I 
sat with her in the first place. To be 
friendly. And, after all, I had come to 
California to meet new and different 
people. I'd known many gays back East, 
but none had asked me to dances. 
Maybe I'd learn something new. 

The week before the dance passed 
smoothly. I didn't bring it up, and Meg 
didn't ask again. She continued to be 
friendly, but seemed a litde shy. I 
thought, perhaps, she had figured out I 
was straight, and felt a bit embarrassed 
to have asked me to the dance. I 
wanted her to know there were no hard 
feelings. But I still wasn't sure. The day 
before the dance, I sat in class with 
Meg, waiting nervously for her to speak. 
When she did , I jumped. 

"What're you doing this weekend?" 
"Who me?" I blushed at my stupid 

response. 
"Uh .. . nothing ... studying .. . I've got tons 
of homework." 

"Oh." 
When the professor closed his 

briefcase and dismissed class, I was 
relieved. I also felt ashamed of myself. I 
mean, maybe a non-sexist dance was 
like a Sadie Hawkins. Maybe Meg wasn't 
gay. Maybe I'd made the same wrong 
assumption that I was annoyed at her 
for making. 

I found out on Monday. Thumbing 
through The Guardian, I was struck by a 
picture of Meg. She was standing next 
to a guy and they were holding up T-
shirtS. The 1-shins had the letters 
"LAG.O." printed on them. I read on. 
The page's heading read "LAG.O. 
Newsletter" Editors Meg Farrell and Joe 

Krisrnar. "Hmm," I thought, "she's into 
writing." I read on: 

LAG.O. is proud to annouu its birth at 
UCSD. A successful dance held at Che Cafe 
this wt:elttnd has enabled us to produce 
these T-shirts which we are proud of With 
the proJU from thest shirts and Juture 
Junctions, we hope to offer services to the 
lesbian and gay community of UCSD. 
Meetings will be held at .. .. 

Proudly Yours-
Meg Fam:1l 6> Joe Krismar 

Chairpersons. Lesbian 6> Gay 
Organization. UCSD Chapter 

As the quarter wore on, I continued to 
sit next to Meg. We continued to be 
friendly, ~he more than me. Since I had 
learned tile truth , I still felt a bit 
annoyed that Meg had assumed my 
sexuality. But I still felt flattered . And, I 

.i 
" £ 
E 
~ 

~ 
9 
l! 

~ 
L-____________ --------------~~ 

didn't want to immediately change seats 
jUst because Meg was a lesbian. Why, 
after all, should it matter? 

My life at home took a major tum 
also. Kevin, who had previously been 
"jUSt a friend" became my lover. He was 
none tOO pleased about my continued 
relationship with Meg. 

"Hey Kev, Meg invited me to another 
ice cream social on Thursday night." 

"Christ, Steph. Why dOJou keep 
sitting with her? You coul just change 
seats." 

"What for? It's kind of interesting." 
"I think it's weird." 
"Jealous?" 
"Hell no! But if I ever see her .... " 
"Oon't worry Kev, she's not my type. 

I'm just gaining insight into the human 
race." 

"You're JUSt being weird." 
"C'mon Kev. Get ofT it Who cares 

.---------------------------------_. I I 

:ITHE FOOD FOR THOUGHT co.1 : 
I I 
: 481-3397 : 
I INTRODUCTORY SPECIALIII : 
: I 
I This coupon good for 25¢ off of any Roberto's Mexican food I 
I purchase delivered by FOOD FOR THOUGHT to UCSO, I 
I Place your order by 10:45 for 11:30 dellveIy, I 
I I • _____________ one coupon per order _____________ • 

- ...... -
SIgn up and details at 
Can'r'Ofwlew Admlnlstra~ve O!fIces 
[)epiIrIment oIl'IlysKoi Edue.CIOn • .oJ7 

who she sleeps with? You're so big on 
accepting people for who they are ... I'm 
surpristd at you." 

Yeah, but she doesn 't have to ask you 
out. I don't like my girlfriend to be 
thought of as a lesbian ." 

"Well, I'm not. So you don't have to 
worry about it. " 

My relationship with Meg reached a 
peak towards the end of the quarter. We 
became more open with one another, 
but still no secrets were unveiled. One 
day, while sitting in class. Meg handed 
me a book. On the front cover were twO 
women holding hands. The tit.1e read, 
Lesbian Relationships: Understanding Your 
Mate. My throat dried up and I pushed 
it back in her lap. 

"Steph, you should read it. Good 
book." 

"No thanks Meg. I'm not interested." 
We sat in silence for the rest of the 

period. I hoped she had finally 
understood me. And I hoped I hadn't 
hurt her feelings. But the more I thought 
about it, the more I became angry. Meg 
had never come out and told me she 
was gay. And I didn't think I had led 
her on. Couldn't I just be friendly? 

Two weeks before finals , Meg and my 
skeletons came out of the closet We 
were siuing in an especially boring 
lecture about Emma Bovary's infidelities 
when Meg started talking about her 
roommates. I asked where she lived. 

"Pacific Beach. And you?" 
"Point Lorna." 
"Yeah?" 
"Who do you live with? I mean ... do 

you live alone?" She sounded nervous. 
I was equally nervous when I 

answered her. "No .. . 1 live · 
with ... my ... boyfriend." 

Meg's face turned white. She almost 
shouted. "You ... you mean ... you are 
going out with ... a guy?! A ... rnan?! " 

"Yeah, his name's Kevin ." Not that 
she really cared; I just couldn't think of 
anything else to say. 

With that, Meg was up and on her 
way out of the lecture hall. It happened 
fast . [ sunk down in my seat as the 
professorlooked in my direction . "Shit," 
I thought. "What happened?" 

I felt incredibly guilty when I went 
home that night. Was I wrong to have 
sat with her all quarter? Did I lead her 

Advertise in .... 

Munday, OCI 22. 1984 15 

on? What did I do wrong? 
Wednesday arrived and I had to force 

myself to go to class. I didn't want to 
face Meg. But then, I thought, why? She 
was friendly to me, I was friendly to her. 
I didn't switch seats because of her 
sexual preference. Why start now? 

Meg didn 't sit next to me that day. 
Instead, she sat two rows behind me 
with another girl , and a guy I 
recognized as Joe Krismar. Meg didn't 
bother to whisper as she spoke to them. 

"That's her there! She's straight! That 
bitch. How dare she just continue to sit 
next to me and not tell me?" 

My ears strained as Joe hushed her 
up. "Meg. You're getting irrational. 
Maybe she was just being friendly." 

"Friendly? She led me on." 
"Christ Meg, how? By talking to you? 

Did you ever bother to ask her?" 
"No. I didn't think I had to." 
"Well . There you go. You shouldn't 

just go around assuming someone is gay 
JUSt if they're being nice to you. What 
right do you have to assume that?" 

I heard Meg mutter, "Bitch." 
I didn't feel badly after that. In fact, I 

felt angry that Meg led campus crusades 
for equal rights for gays and she wasn't 
ready to accept straights. Here I sat, being 
chastised for being straight ... and being 
friendly. Joe was right 'What right did she 
have to assume I was gay? It was none of 
her business who I made love to. 

Meg didn't sit next to me for the 
remainder of the quarter. ( continued to 
sit in myoid seat. My anger had 
subsided, and I began to understand a 
few things. On our last day of class, Meg 
approached me. I noticed she had new 
boots. Around one ankle was a metal 
dog coUar ... locked with a padlock. She 
looked me square in the face and said, 
"Hey, I'm curious, what's a nice girl like 
you doing going out with a guy? If you 
ever change your mind, look me up." 

I just looked at her and smiled. "Meg, 
you work so hard to get gays accepted 
in a predominantly straight world . 
Maybe it would help if you learned to 
treat straights like you want to be 
treated. After all, people are just people, 
whomever they sleep with." 

"Thanks, Steph, I'll remember that." 
She walked away. I couldn't tell if she 
was being serious or sarcastic. ~ 

The 
Guardian 
~ERU f1LERT ~ER[) f1LERT ~HUl f1LERT ~ER[J f1LERT 

Suffering the heartbreak 
of "Cashum Interruptus?" ~ 

There IS a "Cure:' , 
And it's coming October 29th! 

~ 
, " .. , 
" . 

I 
I 



You are what your money goes into 
By PHIL LAUDER 

There are a lot of items in our 
everyday lives that we just don't 
appreciate until we don't have them. 
Hot water. Indoor plumbing. Popeel's 
Pocket Fisherman. Laundromats. Johnny 
Carson. MacaronI and cheese dinners. 
Roach motels. 

And wallets. Without wallets most of 
us are helpless, unable to keep track of 
the various and asundry documents, 
such as driver's licenses, student lOs, 
and greenbacks, that make our lives so 
gloriously fun . 

Remember when you got your first 
wallet? Didn't you feel important, like 
you were grown-up or something? I did. 
But now that we are grown up (well , you 
know), we don't even give our wallets a 
second thought. And we should. 

Wallets come in baSically two styles: 
velcro and everything else . "Everything 
else" usually means leather wallets-not 
just leather, "genuine cowhide leather," 
usually. Some people get into alligator 
skin wallets or wallets with the name of 
some rich French dude on them. Yes, 
designer wallets. About as useful as 
deSigner underwear. ConSIdering where 
wallets normally reSIde for 90% of their 

HOLIDAY 
COOKING 

WORKSHOPS 

ocrr 

SOUPS 
Say..,..n.y.. .. c-,o.u' .......... .. oc-.J uoI......s.dId ___ ocmcIII 1'IIIo 

...... b_ duo will loa ......... uoICOW_ .. 
- 0 ...... "Y. _____ ~, 
---"" ......... n . 

SAT. OCT.27 
10AM-IPM $9 

Sign up and details at 
Canyaovlew Administrative OII'oees 

Department of PhYSlcol Educotron x4037 

All YOU CAN EAT 
ffo\ SPAGHElllf _" ~~_O S2.s0 ~·066 

,. EVERY MONDAY - 3PM TIL CLOSE I 
(Get there early for best seating) 

minimum $10,00 order 
PARlY TIME/EXAM TIME/ANY TIME 

CATCH MONDAY NIGHT POO1'BALL AT jl!NNY'S 
,---------------------------: UCSD SPECIAL : 
I I 
: FREE PITCHER OF BEER : 
: WI1H lARGE PIZZA : 
I I 
I Oft'ct not Ilood with any other dbcount. I 
--.~ % ---Coupon QOod throu8h 11/4184. - - - - - - -),,~~I ~ trlT-CHEN 3945 Governor Dr., Governor lit ~\~ ~\ on J.' Genesee, Safeway Shopp11lil Center Chicago Style Italian Eatery ~ Minutes to UCSD Campul 

HOME COODD POOD AT PAST POCD PaICES. 

M 

INT"A~"AL 

OCT 
- --

natural lives- right next to your butt-
having a designer wallet doesn 't seem to 
make a lot of sense. Oh well, whatever. 

I myself am the proud owner of a 
velcro wallet. The velcro revolution' came 
about some six or seven years ago; I 
think people staned buying them JUSt 
for the neat sound they make when 
they' re opened: "rrrrriiippppppp." 
Sometimes ru just spend hours opening 
and closing my wallet so I can hear 
"rrrrriiippppppp" over and over again. 

Although there are different styles of 
wallets, they all retain one important 
feature : lots of ridiculous litde slots to 
put ridiculous little things in. And boy 
do we love 'em for it . 

My wallet is a tri-fold. Tri-folds are 
neat because they have half again as 
many folds and flaps to put things in. I 
use all of them. You should too. 

Most people have "windows" in their 
wallets, the little clear-plastic things that 
hold all the important stuff-the guts of 
the wallet. Because these windows are 
made of cheap plastic, the slots rip and 
the straight thing that tucks into the 

> CONTINUED ON PAGE 22 > 

UCSD All-Campu.s 

T 

SAT.· OCT. 27 · 7 AItI 
BlACK'S BMCH 

Plen's, Women's 
It Kneeboard Divisions 

Open to ucso stucXnu, stair lit faculty 
$~ sign up .1 c.nyonvlew AdmlnlstJatl •• Otnce 

57 .Ign up .1 .. ent 
Department of Physical Education x40371 

THE FUTURECOPV PLACE 
WELCOMES BACK 

STUDENTS a FACULTY 

Mon, - Thurl. 
fri . 

sat. 
Sun. 

4 1/z( 
Self SeNice Copies 

8am-8pm 
.a 7-3775 

U55 Villa La Jolla Dr. 
(Near Ralphs. 5aY-On) 

8 am - 6 pm 
10am-5 pm 
12 noon - 5 pm 

THE FUTURECOPV PlACE 

Scholarships for Law School 
Students receiving qualifying scores on 
the Law chool Admission Test (l.S.A.I.) 
may be el igible for UP TO ONf: Yf:AR'S 
fULL TUITION SCl10LARSHIP for the 
first year of study in National UniverSity 
School of Law's full ·time day program or 
part·time evening program, We offer an 
early admission program for exceptional 
college juniors under which the student 
can complete a Bachelor of Science in 
Laws (B.5.l.) while pursuing a degree in 
law, the Doctor of Jurisprudence (J.D.) . 
Our law graduates Qualify to sit for the 
California bar examination. 

We are currently accepting applications 
for our January, May and Augu l. 1985 
classes. The School of Law offers an 
excellent program, including a joint 
M.B.A.lJ.D. degree with small classes, 
close personal attention, an outstanding 
faculty and, by drawing upon the 
resources of one of California's largest 
independent universities, a low tuition 
rate. 

for further information, visit us at 3580 
'110m •• L "hem, It .. " .B .. 1.0 .. H ..... d l!ni,."n.. Aero Court, San Diego, or call 563.7310. 

ProI<s.., .. N .. ioN! Uni .. rslly School 01 low. 
",.<lidOS 1Iw),,, 'Of 34 )Urs. and ,."".", Preside ... 01 

the SI ... Bar 01 New M .. ko. 

THREE YEAR Quietly Building Excellence. 
FUll-TIME NATIONAL UNIVERSITY 
DAY PROGRAM School of Law 

FOUR YEAR 
PART-TIME 
EVENING 
PROGRAM 

Then get in on the ground floor in our undergraduate officer • Jtmiol'S earn more than $1900 during one ten-week 
COIIIll1iWoning progI2IIl, You cou1d start planning on a career summer session 
like the men in !his ad have, And also hll\'e some great • You can take free civilian Dying lessons 
adwotages like: • You're commissioned upon graduaIion 
• Earning $100 a month during the school year If you're looking to JDOYe up quickly, look into the Marine Corps 
• As a freshnwl or sophomore, r--"'--------------, undergraduate officer commission-
youcouldcompleteyourbasictnin- •• z. .. tto ~MI ingprognun, You could IP 
ingduringtwosix-weekswnmer ~~ ~r~ start off making more 
sessions and earn more than $1100 • ~ than $17,000 a year. 
duringeadJ session up ~... I' JWIeJookiDl_.few#JOt/ men. 

See Capt. Bowen on "The Hump" today 
or call 294-2174 

Monday, Vct. 22, 1984 17 

Improve You. Reading Speed ana 
Comprenenslon f~om 2to 7 times 

FREE INTRODUCTORY SESSIONS 
CLASSES ON CAMPUS 
Son Diego Center 
2180 Garnet Ave., Suite 20 
Pacific Beach 92109 
(619) 27().6I10 
M L McNulty, Administrator 

l~~ CENTER 
1.,>""", .. "t;I. )N""'" "~I"" · . ........ I "' In 

"TGI FIlMY'S 
IIGH 'N"GfS 

ARE 
••• 

You can make big money at !he MW TGI Friday's 
Restaurant In the La Jolla ViNage Square. 

All ~ open. Interviews , ow being hekt. 
Mon..fri.. e.m,·5 p.m. SIt 9 e.m,·1 !l pm. 

La .lola Villilge 1m, 
3299 Holiday Court 

LaJola.CA 
(819) 458-9588 

AND WE'RE HIRING 
150 PEOPlE IN THE 

tEXT THREE WEEKS." 



t 

Services/Workshops 
MONDAY-FRIDAY 
9:00-5:00 pm - The Women's Center has 
Peer Counseling available on a walk-In baSIS, 
so drop by and relax and talk. (By trained 
women) In the Women's Center. 
MONDAY 

10:~12:00 pm - General Therapy -
This therapy group IS for UCSO graduate 
students. The focus IS on personal concerns, 
relationships and life gOdls. TIme may change 
If Inconvenient for most students. Drop by Hl 
1003 and leave a schedule. leaders John 
Andrews and lourdes Perez. Call 452-3755 
to sign up. Offered by Psychological and 
Counseling Services 
TlJESDAY 
8:30-10:00 otm - Graduate Women In 
Humanities Group-This IS a weekly support 
group for gr dduate women students In the 
Humanities concerned With personal. 
profeSSIOnal and academic Issues. MIriam 
10SUPOVICI and Sandra Wilder-Padilla, 
leader.;. Meets at 1003 H-L. Call 452-3755 to 
sign up. Offered by PsycholClglcal and 
Counseling Services. 

12:00 pm - Attention All Women: Have 
you had your annual PAP smear taken 7 If not, 
you are running the risk of hdvlng 
undiagnosed cervical cancer. learn about 
your sexual health and the Women 's CliniC In 
an Informal, confidential diSCUSSIOn led by a 
couple 01 trusty student health advocates, 
upstairs at the Student Health Center. 
12:00-1:00 pm - Celebrate National 
Family Sex Education Month-Join us to 
diSCUSS Intimacy and Relationships WIth 
psycholClglst. Mark Lassleben. Sponsored by 
the Women 's CliniC, Student Health 
Advocates and Planned ParentholOd. In the 
North Conference Room of the Student 
Center. 
2:00-3:30 pm - Gay/Blsexual Men's 
Group - This is an on-going confiderltlal 
support group for undergrCiduate men 
questioning their sexuality, as well as those 
whO identify as gay/blsexual. Meets weekly 
throughout the year. led by Steve Brady. 
Meets at 1003 H-L. Students can call 452-
3755 for more Info, or they can Just come to 
the group. 
WEDNESDAY 
11:00-12:00 pm - Re-Entry Students' 
Support Group- This group IS deSigned for 
re-entry men and women undergraduate 

ee 
Meetings 
MONDAY 
4:00 pm - LAGO Steering Committee 

. meets to plan coming events. If you'le 
Interested In llelplng, ~llOW up at our 
meemg or call 452-GAYS. Room 205, 
Student Center. 
5:00 pm - Recycling Co-op meeting and 
dinner. Come JOin us. At tile Ole Cafe. 

- Women's Lacrosse Meeting. You don't 
need to know how to play. All you l1eed IS 
en[/luslasm and the desire to run around. 
Find out about Amerlca's Oldest sport At 
Revelle Field. 
6:00 pm - Cycling Team Meeting. All men 
and women Interested In competitIVe cycling 
are encouraged to attend. In the Rec. Conf. 
Room. 
8:00 pm - Racquetball Club meets to bring 
all Interested players tCigether. Play from 8-10 
pm With o ther club members. Great 
IMJrkout, great fun. All skill levels welcome. 
A t tile CdnyOllVlew Courts. 
TlJESDAY 
7:00 pm - Surf Club M eeting. Bring 510.00 
for dues and T-Shirt and don t forget to sign 
up for the UCSO open at Canyon View IOct. 
27). Show up With Ideas! In USB 3010. 
WEDNESDAY 
5:00 pm - Check us outl The brand new 
ComlTUrucation Club IS IlOldlng Its second 
meeting. Two fantastiC speakers, Karen 
Ewald from Southwestern Cable, and John 
Wilson from K-BEST radio. D ::m't miss It. McC 
124. 
5:30pm - International Clul.> Meeting: This 

Religious Functions 
MONDAY-FRIDAY 
5:00 pm - Catholic Mass. Sponsored by the 
Catholic Community at UCSD. In the 
UnIVersity Lutheran Church, La Jolla Shores 
and N . Torrey Pines Rd. 
MONDAY 
6:30 pm - Catholic and Lutherans hold 
joint COUnCIl meetJng. In the lounge of the 
University Lutheran Church. 
7:30-9:00 pm - Asian American Christian 
Fellowship IAACF)- Tonight, we Will have 
small group discussions of our theme of the 
month, Christian Body Ufe. What IS Christian 
Body Ufe, you ask? Please stop by tonight 
and find out. In the North Conference Room 
at the Student Center. 
TUESDAY 
7:00 pm - Film Discussion : 
Homosexuality-A. Burden or a .Joy "A 
$pedal Day" with Sophia loren and Marcello 
Mastrioanni Will be shown With discussion 
and dessert follOWing. Sponsored by the 
Catholic Student Coordina[Ors. In the 
Student lounge of the univerSity Lutheran 
Church. Donation 51.00. 
WEDNESDAY 
6:00 pm - Student supper, hosted by 
University Lutherans, open to all. In the 
lounge of UnIVerSity lutheran Church, just 
west of Urey Hall. 
- ParISh Dinner and Fellowship (52.SO per 
dinner). Followed by Bible Study Class from 
7:00-8:00 pm. TopiC DISCovery of Spiritual 
Gifts. In the Good Samaritan Episcopal 
Church, 4321 !:astgate Mall. 
6:45 pm - Bible stu~ based on Book of 
Acts. hosted by Lutherans,open to all. In the 
lounge of UnIVerSity Lutheran Church, 
across the street from Revelle COllege. 
7:00-8:30 pm - Inter-VarSity Christian 
Fellowship. You stili haven't found fellowship 
yet 7 Well, come join us for that and a whole 
lot more. Bring a friend along. too. In the 
Chancellor's COfllJlex lilA. 
7:30 pm - For Christians, a series of weekfy 
seminars "A nswering Ouestions about 
Olrl5l1arnry." Ir I [J Ie Norttl Conlerence Room uf the 
Sludenc C.:nter, BkJg. B. 
8:00 pm - Catholic Communal Penance 
Service. In the UniverSi ty Lutheran Church. 
8:00 pm - InqUirers Seminar sponsored by 
Lutherans at UCSD. Everyone Welcome. 
TopiC " InstitutIOnal Religion-Pro and Con. " 
In the lounge of UnIVersity Lutheran Church 
at La Jolla Shores Dr. and North Torrey Pines 
Rd. 
10:00 pm - Candlelight Mass. Sponsored 
by the Catholic Community at UCSO. In the 
chapel of the UnIVersity Lutheran Church. 
THURSDAY 
10:15 ..... - Office of Religious Affairs Staff 
MeetJng. In Bldg. B of UCSD Student Center. 
5:45 pm - The Thursday Dinner. Good 
food and great company. Sponsored by the 
Catholic Student Coordlndtors. DonatIOn 
S2.00. In the universi ty Lutheran Church. 
7:00 pm - Study break-Come join us for 
an exciting time 0 1 fellowShip , 
entertainment, singing and Insight into a 
personal relationship With Jesus ChrISt. 
Sponsored by CafllJus Crusade for Christ. In 
the North Conference Room (by EDNA). 
7:30 pm - FOR INOUIRING MINDS 
ONLY-United Campus Ministry Bible 
Studies. " Practical Witness/Everyday Faith" 

. . 

IS d chance for £III you foreign as well as 
American students to get together Informally 
and get to know each other and share aboul 
your home countries. Free refreshments. 
Help us plan some fun actMtles for next 
quarter. Everyone Welcomel In the 
IntL'fnatlonal Center lounge. 
THURSDAY 
12:00 pm - Mechanical Engineering Club 
General Meeting. Randall Seaver, Group 
Engineer for Rohr Industries Will present 
"Rolls Royce Engine DeSlgl." All AMES 
m~ors welcome. In the Revelle Informal 
lounge. 
4:00 pm - Rap ~slon and Sodal Hour at 
the Women's Center. Everyone IS InVited to 
come and bring With them diSCUSSion toP'CS, 
every Thursday. At the lXIomen's Center. 
6:00 pm - Black Student UnIOn General 
Budy Meeting. TopICS o f interest Indude: 
Nominations tor BSU ExecutIVe Board, 
Follow-up or I Black Alumni lXleekend, 
Halloween fllOvie, and Big Bro./8ig Sis Guest 
Speaker Will IJe Dr. lonrlle Anderson of 
OASIS. In Hl 1148. 
6:00-8:00 pm - BiomedICal Engineering 
SoCiety's Potluck With guest speakers from 
the AS and AcademIC Internsllip Office. More 
Info <.all Quan at 279-7482 In the Revelle 
Informal Lounge. 
FRIDAY 
6:30 pm - Are there any non-role pld}'ers 
out there. or have all of you been swallowed 

u~ by tile craze? We would love to see you. 
After dll. who else caters to your game 
wltlldrawal symptoms? In APM 2113. 

UCM is the cafTl>Us miniStry of the 
Presbyterian United Methodist. UCC, and 
Disciples of Christ cl"lJrches. AlL are 
welcome. Refreshments to follow. In the 
South Conference Room, Building B at the 
Student Center. 
7:30 pm - Bible Study: The bible is not a 
textbook for behavior, not a resource for 
predicting the future. The bible milkes 
extensIVe use of myth. Then what good is it 7 
Come and discover the Catholic view of the 
bible. Sponsored by the Catholic Student 
CoodInators, In the Catholic lounge at the 
lkliversity lutheran Church. 
FRIDAY 
12:00 pm - Faculty luncheon sponsored 
by the Office of Religious Affairs. Dr. Peter 
Irons and the Rev. Bill MaheOy ""1" speak on 
"Religion and Politics, " beginning at 12:30 
pm. RSVP for lunch C/o 452-252 1. In the 
Mandeville Suite, TIOga Hall, Top Floor, in 
MUir College. 
SATURDAY 
5:00 pm - CatholIC Mass. Sponsored by the 
Catholic Community at UCSO. In [/le 
university Lutheran Church. 
SUNDAY 
a. 9:15 & 11:00 _ - Episcopal Church 
Worship Service: Sunday Eucharist and Parish 
felloWShip. In the Good Samaritan Episcopal 
Cl"lJrch, at 4321 Eastgate Mall, across 
Genesee from the east end of cafTl>Us, north 
of La Jolla Village Dr. At the intersection of 
Eastgate Mall and Genesee. 
11110 ..... - Catholic Mass. Sponsored by the 
Catholic Community at UCSD. In the 
university Lutheran Church Chapel, at the 
corner of North Torrey Pines and La Jolla 
Shores. 
10:00 ..... - Lutheran Worship Service: 
"Our l..Jberating Heritage, " by Pastor John 
HUber. In the university Lutheran Church, 
across trom Revelle College. 
10130 am - Catholic Mass. Sponsored by 
the Catholic Community at UCSO. In the 
Student Center Bldg B, l ower level 
Conference Room. 
11:15 ..... - Film: " Where Luther Walked,'· 
Wlttl response by Fr. Phil Cunningham, a 
CatholiC Priest. In the UniverSity Lutheran 
ChurCh. 
5:00 pm - Catholic Mass. Sponsored by the 
Catholic Community at UCSU. In the 
UniverSity lutheran Church. 
7:00 pm -lutheran Worship Service. In the 
UnIVersity Lutheran Church. 
8:00 pm - Film: " lXttJere Luther Walked." III 
the univerSity Lutheran Church. 
8:15 pm - Episcopal Church WorShip 
ServICe: Folk Mass. Intimate community 
informal workshop. In the Good Samaman 
Episcopal ChurCh, 4321 Eastgate Mall. 

Academic Services 
MONDAY-FRIDAY 
8:30-4:00 pm - SIGI. System of interactIVe 
gUidance and InformatIOn IS a cofllJuter-
based program of career Information 
deSigned to help you clarify your values and 
occupational interests. For more InformatIOn, 
come to Career ServICes Center. IN HL. room 
1058. 
8:30-4:00 pm - PAL Conferences - Don't 
spend more time studying than necessaryl 
Schedule a one-to-one PAL Ipersonal 
assistance for learning) conference to 

students to have the opportunity to share 
concerns related to their transition Into the 
academiC world. The group prOVides a way to 
make contact with other older students in a 
caring environment. led by Miriam 10SupovICI 
of PsychOlogical Services. Meets at 1003 
Humanltles-l..Jbrary Bldg. 
12:00 pm - A Self Defense Workshop Will 
be done by Betty Brooks and Crime 
Prevention TIps will be discussed by Rick 
Michaelson of UCSDPD. In the North 
Conference Room. 
12:00 pm - There IS a region which lies 
between the pit of man's fears and the 
summit of hiS Imagination. It is a region not 
only of Sight and sound, but of mind. The 
signpost up ahead reads "The Birth Control 
Zonell/, ' Don' t be frightened, there IS help to 
be found at the Birth Control Information 
Session. UpstairS at the Student Health 
Center. 
2:00-3:30 pm - Gay/Blsexual Graduate 
Student Group-This on-going confidential 
group for men and women Will focus on 
group members ' concerns pertaining to 
having an alternate sexual preference and 
being a graduate student. In other words, 
reconCiling one's personal and professional 
Identity. led by Steve Brady. Meets at 1003 H-

streamline your studying. The conference will 
deal with your course materials, concems 
including reading c0lTl>fehension, memory 
control, lecture notetaklng, and test 
preparation, as well as how [0 manage your 
time, handle stress, concentrate better, and 
overcome procrastlndtion. Sponsored by the 
Ql\SIS Reading and Study Skills Center In USB 
4010. 
111»-4:00 pm - Mid-Term Prep PAl 
Conferences-Do you feel confident about 
PJr lTIId-term 7 00 you know what to study 
and how to learn for [Otal recall? Can you 
wnte a strong answer to essay questions 7 00 
you know how to score high on multiple 
choice and true or false questions? Do you 
budget PJr test time ? lfyou answered "No" 
to any of these questions, schedule a PAl 
conference and learn how to do your best on 
exams. Sponsored by the OASIS Reading and 
Study Skills Center. In 4010 USB. 
8:30-4:00 pm - OASIS Writing Center 
offers free servICe for all UCSU students who 
need pre-writing help, conferences on drafts, 
and editing advice. We engage any kind ot 
writing problem. Conlerences are by 
appointment only. Evening appointments are 
now also available In OASIS Third Place at 
Third College. IFor the full range of services 
see back of Fall Schedule) Call 4':>2-2284 or 
come by USB 4010 to make an appointment. 
This servICe is available throughout the 
quarter. ' 
9:00-3:00 pm - Don't let college get In the 
way of your edUcation I let the Assoaated 
Students Internship Office help you arrange 
an Internship which will give you on-the-JOb 
training and enhance your employment 
prospects for ttle future. We have internships 
for Just about every rrJaJOr and can even help 
you desigl your own If you llave a special 
request. The deadline for WInter quarter 
applications has been extended to OctClOer 
26, so APPLY TODAYI For rnore Into, call 452-
4689 or stop by uur office above the game 
room In the Student Center. 
9:00-4:00 pm - GRAMMAR MOSES 
HOTUNE - A grammar 110tline phOne-in 
service for help With dICtion, grammar and 
punctuation prOblems. To reach Grammar 
Moses, call 452-2284 between the hours of 
9:00-4 :00 M onday through Friday. 
Sponsored by OASIS Writing Center. ServICe 
available throughout the quarter. 
1:30-4:00 pm - Drop-In Hours. Fur 
questions pertaining to career planning, JOb 
hunting, resume cri tiqUing , etc. 
Appointments may also be scheduled In the 
morning by calling Career Services Center at 
452-3750. 
MONDAY 

- Grdduate School/Law/MBA AdvIsing. 
Planning on a graduate, law or MBA degree 
prClgram after UCSD? Help With admissions 
and application questions today by 
appointment Ollly. Call Career ServICes 
Center at 452-4939 for more detailed 
Information. In tIle Student Center Bldg. A 

10:~2:O0 pm - GRADUATl AND 
PROFESSIONAL SCHOOL DAY. Talk to 
graduate and profeSSional sCholOl recrUiters 
from over 40 SCholOls III Califorrlla dnd 
nationWide represen ting a variety o f 
diSCiplines Including the healtll pro feSSions. 
At the Student Center Hump. 

1:~3:3O pm - Interested In the Health 
ProfeSSIOns 7 AdVISing apPointments 
available for career planning and pre-

L. Call 452-3755 If you have any questions. 
THURSDAY 
12:00 pm - A workshop on self defense 
techniques for women With Betty Brooks and 
RICk Michaelson of UCSDPD with crime 
prevention tips. In the North Conference 
Room. 
1 :00-2:30 pm - General Group Therapy 
- This on-going group IS open to all UCSU 
students, graduate or undergraduate. The 
focus will be on both personal and 
interpersonal concerns. Offered by Steve 
Brady and Connie Brunig. Meets at Hl1003. 
Call 452-3755 to sign up. 
3:00-4:30 pm - Drop-In Gay/bisexual 
Men's DISCUSSion Group. ThiS IS a weekly 
drop-In peer diSCUSSion group for male 
students who Identify as being gay or 
bisexual, as well as those who are explOring 
tllelr sexuality. A great opportunity to talk 
with oUler students sharing simi lar concerns. 
New members can jOin at any time. Offered 
by Carlos Nelson and Demetrius Delacruz. 
Meets at 1003 H-L.lfstudents have questions 
they can call Carlos at 452-4297; otherwise, 
they can JUSt arrive for the group. 

4:O~6:OO pm - Campus Black Forum -
ThiS is a weekly Informal diSCUSSion group on 
the ISSUes, concerns, and the quality of life of 

phuro hy R"h P<'Jah 

professional school preparation. Call Career 
ServiceS Center dt 452-4939 in advance for 
an appointment. but no earlier than one 

w~k. In tIle Student Center Bldg. A 
1 :45-3:30 pm - Mock IntervIeW-Seeing 
and hearing yourself on Videotape can help 
put the finishing touches on Interviewing 
skills . PrerequiSite: InterViewing Skills 
Workshop. Call Career ServiCes Center dt 
452-3150 to make an ctppaintment. In Hl 
10'>8. 
TlJESDAY 

- Gradudte School/laW/MBA AdVIsing. 
Planning on a graduate, law or MBA degree 
prClgrdITI after UCSD? Help With admissions 
and application questions today by 
appoinunent only. Call Career Services 
Center at 452-4939 for mure detdlled 
Information. In the Student Center Bldg. A 
- TextbOOk Reading for Recall-How many 
times shOUld you read a chdpter? Oncel This 
IMJrkshop shows you I lOW to read effidently 
and transeter tedious hours into produmve 
learning sesSIOns. Bring your textbooks and 
learn how to apply learning efficiency 
technKlues to your courses. In the fhird 
College Humanities Bldg. Conference rm. 141. 
9:00-10:00_ - The OASIS Grammar and 
MechaniCS Workshop IS deSigned for 
students who would like to work on 
clarifying baSIC grammatical concepts and 
categories, and applying them In an 
extensive systematic series of practical 
exerefCIses. This practice IS valuable for any 
students who have problems writing the 
complex English sentences demanded in 
academIC writing. An exerdse manual to be 
purchased by the student Will be used. All 
IMJrk will be completed in the context of the 
workshop. In USB 402OA. 
11:00 ..... - ON-CAMPUS INTERVIEW-
ING ORIENTATION. lfyou are interested In 
partiCipating in the Career Services Center's 
on-campus Interviewing prClgram thiS 
quarter, It IS mandatory that you attend one 
of these orientations before you Interview. In 
the Revelle Formal lounge. 

12:~ 1 :00 pm - The OASIS French 
Workshop IS designed mainly for students 
who are writing papers or other class 
assignments In French. Students not working 
on speCific papers, but who would like to 
perfect their writing ability In French, are also 
welcome. The WOrkshop will offer a unique 
opportunity for students to edit their own 
papers. and seek constructIVe criticism from 
their peers. It will also provide clarification of 
grammar, mechaniCS, and sentence and 
paragraph structure. Pr~writing discuSSIOns, 
when necessary, will be conduaed In 
French. Students may attend on regular or 
occaSional baSIS. In USB 4070. 
1 :00-2:00 pm - The Language Program 
/..evel I and II - This OASIS focuses on the 
thinking skills you need to successfully 
handle the reading and writing tasks 
assigned in your courses. It IS designed for 
tllOse Who want to perfect their English 
language skills. LP classes are taught by 
reading and writing specialists and bilingual 
tutors. LP IS presented by the OASIS Wntlng 
Center and the OASIS Reading Center In USB 
40606. 
2:30 - FINDING THE HIDDEN JOB 
MARKET. 80% of all JOb vacanoes are 
unadvertised. This Career Services Center 
IMJrkshop will teach you a way to find out 
about them. In the Revelle Formal lounge. 

the Black rommufllty at UCSD. ThiS IS an 
ongoing group and students can join at any 
time. Call leader Phil Raphael at 452-3035 If 
you have any questions; otherwise, students 
can Just turn up at the group. It meets in Mt. 
View lounge at Third College. Offered by 
PsycholCigical and Counseling Services. 
FRIDAY 

12:~2:00 pm - Recovermg form Eating 
Disorders I - (RED I) - This is a group for 
IMJmen with eating disorders. Partidpants 
move toward recovery through a program of 
gradual stages. Students who are obsessed 
with weight control, who may alternately 
binge, fast or vomit Will find a common 
ground of support and caring in this group. 
Focus Will be on eliminating the addictive 
behavior while also working to understand 
the relationship of feelings in this painful 
cycle. Two groups are being offered. The one 
led by 8ev HalJu and Denise Zimmerman Will 
meet on Fridays at noon (bring a bag lunch), 
and, a second time on Tuesdays at 9:00-10.00 
am. The other, led by Miriam lOSUPOVlC1 and 
l..Jndsey StrOben will meet on We&iesdays 
from 12:30-2:00 pm, beginning on Oct. 17. 
rhe Friday group meets at the Warren 
College Provost's office. Call8ev at452 3987 
to check about the group. 

, 

3:00-4:00 pm - Alcohol and Substance 
Abuse - For students who want help In 
dealing With an alcohol or drug use problem. 
EmphasiS will be on understanding the 
complexity 01 the prOblem, identifying 
options, making a commitment to change, 
and follOWing through . Homework 
assignments and group norms Will be 
established as part of tile group's and 
Individual's program. Before jOlnrng the 
group, Interested students are asked to call 
Becca at 452-3755 to make a short 
appointment With one of our counselors to 
see If the group Will meet their needs. led by 
Dan Munoz, PsycholClglcal and Counseling 
ServiceS. Meets at the Revelle Provost s 
Office. 

e 

• 

alen ar 
Recreation 

- Winter All-Cal ski vacatIOn to Vall 
COlor.:!do. Endless refreshments, parties, 
slaloms, dances, thumper and much much 
more. 5299.00 piUS membreship at the box 
office. Tickets on sale nowl Umlted seats. 
THURSDAY 
5:30-6:)0 pm - Language Tables: lome 
and converse in French, German or Spanish 
over dinner. All Interested foreign language 
students are most welcome-meal cards or 
cash basis. Native Speakers can have meals 
paid for-call 455-0157 for InformatIOn. In 
the Sou til Dining Hall ot the Revelle 
Cafeteria. 
8:00 pm - LAGO's Sooal. A great place for 
UCSU's lesbian and Gay community to 
SOCialize in a comfortable atmosphere. Call 
for more info: 452-GAYS. In TCHB 141. 
FRIDAY 
7:00 pm - RISC presents a car rally. First 
prize wins a free triP [0 Vail, Colorado With 
the All-Cal. Costume p.ny following the 
rally. Prizes for [/ le best costumes. Meet at the 
Rec. Conference Room. 53.00 per car for 
members, and S5.00 per car for non 
members. 
8:00 pm - You £Ire Il1IIIted to pass the 
bewitching hour of Halloween WIth us at the 
Interndtional Center. (Costume Contest. 
Pumpkin Carvll1g, Apple bobbing. MUSIC, 
Dandng. Refreshments) Be there if you darel 
S2.DO pre pay or 53.00 at the door. 
12:00 mlnlgllt - Film: "Halloween II " 

2:30-4:00 pm - Interested in Medidne or 
DentiStry? Drop-in adviSing in open sessions. 
In the Career ServiCes Center at the Student 
Center Bldg. A. 
3:30 pm - So you want [0 go to law 
scholOl ? Rnd out what steps to take In 
applying. In the North Conference Room. 
WEDNESDAY 
- Lecture Noteta'(lng-An average BA/BS 

program will indude over 1,000 hours ot 
lecture timel \XliII you get the most of those 
hOUrs I This workshop WIll ifllJrove your 
listening ability, develope your notetaking 
skills. and Introduce the extraordinary 
mastery le,.-mng sysrem-a way to IfllJrove 
PJr recall as It cuts down on study boredom. 
Sponsored by the Ql\SIS Reading and Study 
Skills Center. In the Student Center Building 
B, the Conference Roorn 
9:00-10100 _ - The OASIS Grammar & 
MechaniCS Workshop IS designed for 
students who would Ike to work on clarifying 
basic grammatical concepts and categories, 
and applying them In an extensive. 
systematic series of practical exerases. This 
practice is valuable for any students who 
have problems writing the COfllJleJl EngliSh 
sentences demanded in academiC writing. 
An exerase manual to be purchased by the 
student Will be used. All work Will be 
cofllJleted in the context of tl le workShop. In 
USB 30500. 
9:30-11:00 _ -Interested In Medldne or 
Dentistry? Drop-in advising In open sessIOns. 
In the Career Services Center at Student 
Center Bldg. A. 
10:)0 ..... - "MARKETABLE RESUME" -
le,.-n how to write an effectIVe resume. StNt 
the process here then llave your resume 
critiqued by a Career ServiCes Center advisor. 
A must for on-campus Interviewing. In tile 
Revelle Forrnal lounge. 

12:~I:OO pm - THE Ql\SIS SPANISIf 
WORKSHOP is a new feature o f the 
Language PrClgram. It IS designed mcllnly for 
students who £Ire writing papers or other 
class assignments In Spanish. Students not 
IMJrklng on spooflc. but who would like to 
perfect their writing ability In Spanish are also 
welcome. The Workshop Will offer a unique 
opportunity for students to edit their own 
papers, dnd seek constructive criticism from 
their peers. It Will also provide dariflCatlOn of 
gr dmmar, mechaniCS. and sentence and 
par dgraph structure. Pre-writing diSCUSSIOns, 
wilen necessary, will be conduaed In 
Spanish. Students may attend on regular or 
occasional basiS, according to their needs. In 
USB 4070. 
3:00 pm - ON-CAMPUS INTERVIEWING 
ORIENTA nON. Revelle Formal lounge. 
THURSDAY 

- Graduate School/laW/MBA AdvIsing. 
9:00-10:00 otm - THE OASIS GRAMMAR 
AND M ECHANICS WORKSHOP IS deSigned 
for students w IlD would like to work on 
Clari fying baSIC grammatlCdl concepts ana 
categories, and applying them In an 
extensIVe systematic series 01 practical 
exeruses. This practice 15 valuable for dny 
students "'(ho have problems writing the 
complex Engllsl, sentences demanded In 
academic Writing. In USB 303OB. 
10:00-2:00 pm - InternatIOnal Affairs 
School Day. Gradudte SCholOI IS becoming 
Increasingly Important for people Interested 
In working In the intemational arena. ViSit 
Wltli admissIons recruiters from graduate 

presented for your pre-holiday enJOyment. 
Come out to see more of "the night HE came 
home." TIckets 52.00 III advance at tile box 
office. In USB 2722. 
SATURDAY & SUNDAY 
7:00 _ Salurday through 8:00 pm 
~ - Backpacking Trip to Anzd 
Borrego: Indudes transportatIOn, cooking 
equipment, dinner Saturday. breakfast 
Sunday. tents. and InSlrUUlon. 530.00. At 
EqUipment Room, OCR, Canyonvlew. 
SATURDAY 
7:00 ..... - All-lampus Surfing Meet. 
Men's, Women's and Kneeboard diVISIOns. 
Sign up at CanyOnvlew AdmlnlstratlVc 
COO1plex. Takes place at Black 's Beach. 55.00. 
9:00-1:00 pm - Flndyour seasonal palatte 
and determine your best colors. learn how 
color will alter how people see you. Sign up 
for OCR's Color AI Ialys's lXIorkShop. For 
detdlls, call 452-4037. At Canyonvrew. 
535.00 
10:00-1:00 pm - Say goodbye w 
CampbelJ's and hello to IlOn1emade soups 
from scratch. OCR offers a soup workShop 
guaranteed to mdke your nlOutll water. For 
details call Campus Recreation at 452-4037. 
At CanYOllVlew. 59.00. 
SUNDAY 
10:00-5:00 pm - Juin III tile festivitIes of 
Julian's Apple FestlVdl. Spend a Day AtJulldn 
feasting on hot apple pie and ICe cold oder. 
Sign up dt CanyorMew. For more det..llis call 
452-4037. moo 

SChools of interlldtlOf1al affairs from around 
the country and learn from their expertise. In 
the Intemaliondl Center. 
'0:15-111 __ - Interested In the 
Health Professions I AdVIsing 4>pointments 
available for career pj<n1lng and pre-
professional school prepar dtlOn. Call Career 
Services Center at 452-4939 in advance for 
an appointment. OUt no earlier than one 
vveek. In the Student Center Bldg. A 
2:00-3:00 pm - The l.i3n<;"IJdge Pro'l'dITI 
Levels I & II - /'hIS OASIS focuses on ttle 
thinking skills you need to successfully 
handle the reading and writing tasks 
assigned In your courses. It IS <.leslglro for 
thlOSe who want to perfe<.t their EngliSh 
lan<;"IJdge skills. LP classes dl'e tdught by 
reading and wrltlny speaallsts and by 
bilin<;"IJaI tutors. LP IS presented by the Ql\SIS 
Writing Center and the OASIS Reading 
Center. k I USB 40608. 
FRIDAY 
9:0.12:00 pm - UliverSlty uf San Diego 
Lawyer's Assistant PrClgram. AdmlsslOfls 
representative will discuss the program. In 
the Conference Room of the Student Center, 
Bldg B. 
10:00-2:00 pm - l..Jberal Arts Job Fair. 
Take tlvs OpportUflity to make contacts dIld 
discuss job possibilities Witl i employers who 
hire liberal drts and economlcs/lflanqment 
soence m~ors. At tI Ie Stu<.lent Center Hump. 
10:15-11130 _ - lliterested In tile 
Health ProfesSIOns 7 AdviSing appointments 
available for career planning and pre-
professIOnal school prepar atlOr I. call Career 
ServICes Center at 452-4939 in advance for 
an appointment but no earlier tllan one 
week. In the Student Cenn.'f Building A. 
10:30 _ - Your Skills-Your Career. Tht~ 
Career ServiCes workshop helps you Identify 
and articulate your skills and relaEL" them to 
partiCUlar c,.-eers. In the Revelle Rxmal 
loullge. 

Lecture 
MONDAY 
7:30 pm -A Debate: RepresentdtlVes Irom 
tile lIIIondale/ Ferr dro and I?eagan/Bush 
campdlYns Will be debating tl Ie Jewish ISSueS 
of the 1984 elec.tion. RefreSllments to follow. 
rhe Hoor Will be open for questlOlIS. hi Hl 
AuditOriUm. 
WEDNESDAY 

- Warrt.'fl Cullege SoCidl/PolltiCdI Film 
Series. Film. " Welfare" (FrederiCk Wisemdll's 
powerful film). Subject. /'he lXIelfdfe System 
dnd Its BureaucrdCY. Disc.usslOn led tJy fawlty 
memuers and/or experts on tIle topIC of the 
film fOlloWing the viewing. In tl le l.I'larren 
College Cdfeterla. 
3:30-5:00 pm - O~eration Cross I~odds 
Africa-Work. study, travel opportUf'lltes. 
Information scssion Witt I slides. III the 
International Center. 
4:00 pm - Professor's Forulil. Meet your 
professors I Come hear professors speak on 
elemon ISSUes, .n the Nortll Contere. Ice 
Room. Sponsored by the Demou dtlC Club of 
UCSD. 
THURSDAY 
12:00 pm - Randall Seaver, Group 
Engineer for Rohr Industries, Will present. 
" Rolls RUyLe Ionglne Design, " at ' lext meeting 
of the Engineering Club. learn 1l1Ore than 
PJ I lave to learn. In the Revelle Informal 
lounge . 

~ 



.... , '" 

' 0 " ~'" • 0 ,' ... :: ~ ': :~ " • 
• #' ." 

- - . . . 
. ~ , . 

The enonnous strain of CROQUET 
By JAMES RALPH PAPP. 5c".!! \I'nrer 

It IS dIfficult to say whether cncket or 
croquet IS the more controversial of 
subjects. I see my dury as sports 
writing's only polemicist to seek out 
those pastimes that cause the 
temperature of the blood to nse more 
quickly than It does for a hockey fan 
who has paid good money to see a 
game In whIch no fo uls have been 
commmed m the fi rst ten mmutes of 
the contest. Last year, eight people 
wrote to this paper's editorial column 
decrying or supporting my tolerant 
attitude towards the game of Cricket. 
(The entering class, the fresh men and 
women , cannot be expected to 
remember this.) Has croquet similarly 
been Simmering under [he surface of the 
public conscIOusness? We shall soon 
find out. 

In the meantime let us establish facts. 
Croquet did not enter so early into [he 
Anglo-Saxon tradition as Cricket. 
Archaeologists see some points of 
agreement berween this game and pC1llle-
matl/e, which was all the rage In 
Languedoc I n the 13th century. But 
Wilham the Conquerer came over [0 
England toO edriy, 1066. to bn ng with 
him thiS admirable entertainment (on 
the specIllcs of which my reference 
works remam mum ), so [he , 'ormans 
and the Anglo-Saxons amused 
themselves by [rylng to murder one 
another The Judges' deCision was a 
clear VICto!) for the Normans. 

The English fmally gOt the upper 
hand 10 1856. when they adopted 
croquet as theIr own , along With most of 
Africa and all of India and Austraha. As 
with the rest of the trappmgs of the 
Empire, croquet soon became popular, 
and only a dozen years later the first 
"all-comers" tournament was held at 
Moreton-In-the-Marsh. A year of an 
excep[lonally wet su mmer, It was also a 
year of great disaster, a most of the 
teams sank. as well as a large part of 
Moreton ThiS put croquet into a penod 
of both lIteral and figurattve declIne 

Lawn tennis then Intervened and 
became the domtnant Sport of the 
country house . after phllandenng. 
JudgIng from the tact that we rarely see 
John McEnroe or ChrIS Evert Uoyd 
WIeldIng a c roquet mallet on teleVISIon 
In pre erence to a tennis racquet. lawn 

lennis IS still the dominant sport. s tili 
after ()udging from daytime soap operas) 
philandering. 

But croquet did experience a revival 
m the late 1890s, when the mode of 
play was made more scte ntific. It 
recei ved an additional revival In 
America In the 19305, when the mode 
of play became less prone ro the 
in fluence of honor, courtesy and 
hosp itality. The great critl Alexander 
Woollcou had a croquet lawn made next 
to a lake on his property, or had a lake 
made next to h is croquet lawn ( it is 
uncerta in which ), and he would 
cheeerfully croque t the ball of any 
convenient guest mto the watery depths. 
This is not so extraordmary as that 
people continued to play c roquet with 
him , bringIng With them more devious, 
If not more diabolical, stratagems to 
conquer their host. as well as the large 
trees and other obstacles that 
characterized hIS playing surface. 

In recent years croquet reared its ugly 
head at UCSD . when members of The 
Califo rn ia ReVIew and a troupe of 
sycophants played a game in amongst 
the prone participants of a nuclear "die-
In ., Here we saw the fInal evolution of 
the game, the complete abandonment of 
honor, courtesy and hospltalllY. We can 
only ImagIne that the players employed 
an ordinary, common or garden croquet 
SCI, thus unIntentionally dISSOCIatIng 
thernselve from the great tradition of 
the game. 

Isthmian says in the section on 
-Croquet EthiCS" that "Croquet IS, and 
always has been. a game o f the classes. 
It IS, in the nature of thmgs, very 
unlIkely to become a pastime of the 
masses. At first stght one is tempted to 
conclude that, In these circumstances, 
any considerations on the subject of this 
chapter would be superfluous." 
Unfortunately those who Imagme 
themselves to be the classes rather than 
the masses have now largely abandoned 
the concept of ethIcal behaVIor-present 
company excepted, of course . 

That croquet has not ye t achIeved 
mass status, and that I[S class s tatus IS 
dWIndlIng. IS obvIOUS from the croquet 
collection In the UCSD hbranes. But I 
express myself too hopefully , there I~ no 
lroquet colleCllon at L:CSD Pass 

The physical, purely muscular fatigue. 

th rough the subject catalogue at Central, 
containing record of the one and a half 
millIon volumes we posses, and you will 
pass from "Cropse y, Jasper" to "Crosby, 
BIng" wHhout an obstacle The titles of 
twO books In Spectal Collections give 
brief promise, but H.G. Wells' The 
Croquet Play and Jonathan Aldrich's 
Croquet Lover at the DInner Table are, 
respectively. fiction and poetry . Li ke 
cncket (abo~t which there are rwo 
books In our library, one of pri nts and 
one a novel ), croquet inspires aesthe tic 
rather than technical expressIOn . If you 
WIsh to graduate In the humanities 
rathe r than in the a rts, take up the 
study of Cropsey, Jasper or Crosby, 
Bing, not croquet. 

We play the game itself on a lawn 
which ignores, hke the cricket pitch , the 
characteristics of so il and grass and 
the curvature of the eart h. As a child 
perhaps you vied, as I did , against the 
other dimInutive croquet players of the 
neIghborhood on a large and undulati ng 
lawn , and took advantage of known 
Irregularities of the playing surface, 
mounds of new-mown grass, and 
occaSIonal apple or plum trees In 
carommg your ball to and fro. Perhaps 
you dId not hesmate, as I dId not, In 

croquetlng your young companion's ball 
into the unweeded depths of the 
vegetable ga rden or into an undergrowth 
of morning glo ri es. Tournament croquet, 
however, does not follow thts Bohemtan 
style. Those on both sides of the 
Atlantic and In one or rwo corners of 
the South Pacific take thei r croquet, if 
not more seriously, more socially 
acceptably. 

They mark the lawn carefully into a 
rectangle, and place six hoops (th ro ugh 
each of which the ball of every playe r 
must run twice) on it, and one peg in 
the middle. These are not the wire 
hoops you remember from your 
childhood, the kind that can be 
conveniently stretched to let the ball 
through . They are rectangular in shape , 
allow a fraction of an inch leeway for 
the ball to get through, and in form and 
rigidity resemble, to the player who 
confron ts them , an Iron Maiden. 

Like all SpOrts that cross the Herring 
Pond , croquet's sartorial standard has , of 
late , been compromtsed. No longe r are 
coats and hats wo m , no longer do 
maidens try to negotiate their mallets 
around yards of c rinoline supported by 
dressmakers' hoops. Even the whi te 
cotton ptma shirt , rolled up to JUSt 
under the elbow, is fading in populanty. 
The wealthy stockbroker set of ew 
York commiss ions wind resistance 
studIes, and they arrive on the lawn in 
polo shirts, looking as il they have JUSt 
dismounted from their pomes. 

Neve rtheless, croquet has not lost 
everythmg to progress. Listen ro a 
hea ted exc hange on the coun and you 
will hea r, amid the sounds of mallet 
meeting head and ball str iking solar 
plexus, the terms bombard , bisque, tice, 
peelee and innocent ball . Tum your eyes 
from the coun and you wiil see the 
onlookers trying 10 follow Isthmian's 
obse rva ti ons: "There IS more freedom 
out of doors; we may smoke. we may 
eve n lounge-gracefully if we can- on 
the lawns and banks ." Gaze at the sun 
above, and in your temporary conditio n 
of blindness stagger amongst the flower 
beds and shade trees. Sip your tea or 
yo ur glass of Schweppes (croquet players 
must keep theIr WitS about them), and 
sign contentedly to yourself. 'ThIS IS 
croquet. This is lile ." @ 

RUN From stiffness of wood to fluidity of water 
By CHRIS YOUNG. StaffWriur 

EVERYONE LIKES TO HAVE RUN; not everyone li kes to run. As I anticipate the run , planning the 
route in my head, there is always the 
resistance. The weak, whiny little voice 
in my mind says, "I don't want to, I'm 
tired ." However, the will conquers. I lace 
up my Brooks and head out of the 
locker room . 

As I begin, my body is as stiff as if it 
were made of sticks, and to move is like 
swimming through liquid concrete. The 
first threads of warmth begin in my legs 
and the movement becomes easier, but 
still there is no rhythm, no connection 
between my strides and my breath. 

Moving steadily across the grass fields 
and darting across a street and a 
parking lot, I make my way indirectly 
towards the fitness course in the 
eucalyptus grove north of Central 
Library. It is early afternoon, and the 
warmth that began in my legs grows 
upward throughout my chest and anns. 
I swing up the road past the library and 
drop down the path onto the fitness 
course. 

The immediate change is underfoot. 
Instead of the asphalt street there is dirt , 
pounded into sand by the blows of 
thousands of feet. The soft sand path 
serves to connect the various workout 
stations on the parcourse, an exercise 
routine deSigned to give a full and fun 
workout. 

I pass each station without stopping 
because to stop now would be to disturb 
the deep rhythm that is just beginning. 
Gradually my breathing has begun to 
even out and fall intO a pattern with my 

stride. My body has changed from the 
stiffness of wood to the nuidity of water. 
liqUid step follows step and the 
repetition of a motion is perfected. In 
that repetition I begin to lose track of 
myself, my mind becomes quiet and the 
soft pounding of my feet fades away 
into the backbeat of a physical jazz solo. 
The repetition of my body is mirrored 
visually in the repetition of the 
eucalyptus trees, each twisting upwards 
alone from a sea of scattered leaves, 
becoming identical by sheer number. 

The heat is complete; the cleansing 
begins. Sweat runs freel y down my face 
and is absorbed into my shirt. It is 
liquid strain emerging from within , my 
effort dropping from the end of my 
nose to the ground. 

The course is one-and-a-half miles 
long. It winds flat through the trees and 
then breaks away to sink up and down 
the hills. It ends with a steady uphill 
that brings me up onto the street again. 
Ire-emerge imo the asphalt-covered 
reality of our educational realm. 

I feel somewhat lost by now. as if I 
have forgotten who I am. My identity 
has dissolved in my effon, blended into 
the mindless deep rush of my 
exhalations. I feel so loose now, like a 
mind in a liqUid machine-conscious 
only of the goal, not the effort in the 
repeated motion, only the purpose. 

Only a long, straight stretch of grass 
lies berween my feet and the locker 
room. I push the pace faster, extending 
my strides and moving quickly into a 
full sprint. 1 feel farther and farther away 
from the ground. Everything falls away 

UCSD smears Oxy 
After a shake up in its offensive 

scheme, Doug Dannevik's women's 
volleyball team rolled to a 15-9, 15-
12, 15-5 win over Occidental Conege 
Saturday night at Triton Pavilion. 

Injuries to outside hitters Lori 
Lunhow and freshman Jennifer 
Pettigrew forced UCSD to utilize 
freshman Carol Lipson in an 
expanded capacity as the Tritons 

gained their 14th win on the season. 
Lipson, from Pacific Palisades, 

performed as a setter, a passer, and 
filled in as an outside hitter in 
Lunhow's spot. 

Molly Wheatley led the Triton 
offense with 12 kills while 
committing only one error. Kristin 
Kilbourn added eight kills for UCSD. 

You're Ready for 
LawSchool ..• 

Now What? 
You are close to graduation 

and interested in a career in 
law. You have many questions 
about what is involved in 
attending law school ... about 
scholarships, admission, the 
LSAT ... 

That is why you'll want to 
meet with an admissions 
counselor from Califomia's 
largest law school, Western 
State Un iversity College of 
Law, for a personal , preadmis-
sion interview. 

A Western State Admissions Counselor 
will be on this campus on 

October 22-23: 1984 from 10 am to 2 pm 
Near Science Center 

No appointment necessary 

Fully accredited by the 
Committee of Bar Examiners of 

Ihe State Bar of Callfornoa and by 
Ihe Western Assoclallon 01 

Schools and Colleges 

2121 San Diego Ave., San Diego, CA92110(619) 297-9700 
llll N. State College Blvd ., Fullerton , C'A 92631 (714) 738-1000 

lAI dw ....... " tItiH~" ,.., Itl/HI ,lIle .". .,~_ ill JIH' lifo· 

except the sound of my breath and I'm 
breathing blood and water and pure 
nourishment and my eyes are shut in 
effort but they are open as well. 

Even as I stop, I continue. On the 
outside I stand, gasping for breath, but 

Evelyn Conley capped the evening 
with a Durry of aces for UCSD. With 
the Tritons leading 11-5 in the third 
game, Conley came off the bench to 
serve four consecutive aces to end 
the affair. 

UCSD , currently ranked sixth in 
the Division III national polls, is still 
behind La Verne in the race for a 
home berth for the regional playoffs 
which begin in six weeks. Owing to 
UCSD's dominance over Division III 
schools this year (the team'~ only loss 

on the inside the run continues. The 
pounding goes on and I am in motion. 
Static motion. As the effon fades and 
my breathing rerums to normal, 
satisfaction wells up inside. I am glad 
that I ran. ~ 

coming to La Verne three weeks ago), 
UCSD is almost assured of a playoff 
spot, as the top 24 teams in the 
country receive berths. But the 
Tritons, in aU likelihood , would also 
host the West Coast RegionaLs if they 
could finish ahead of La Verne in the 

fin~ll regular season polls. It appears 
that UCSD must defeat the Leopards 
in their final rwo encounters to earn 
that right. The Tritons travel to La 
Verne Friday for the first of those 
two meetings. 

SCIENCE AND 
ENGINEERING 

MAJORS: 
TAKE O.UT 

INSURANCE NOW 
How about on "Insurance" policy ~t yow science 0< "9_;'19 

de!Ja! will really be used? It would be nice. Especilllly considering the 
work you put into such • de!Jeo. 

The AIr Fan» will usc your talmls. We haw openings for _ 
men and womon ......,..rng in sdocted science and "9-;'19 
acadomic 1IoIds . . ... IIaonauttcal, AaospKe, ae.-aI and EIoc· 
bleat E~ MaihanaHcs, Physics and Computer T «:hnoIo!II. 
and many rnore. 

One _ to got InIo theseS is throu!il AIr Fan» ROTC. Our 
AFROTC sd-.oIorshIp can ftnandoIIv 10 you can concentrate 
on getting your ..... C Is a _, opportunity to help 
yourself tflrouWl toIIgo, and the AIr Fan» Is a _, oppe<tunily to 
really use what you t.m. 

LooI< inlO the AIr Fon:e ROTC .,._ al yow ~. Its good 
insunn<:e. 

Call AFROTC at SDSU 
265·5545 

R01'C 
GoI.way to 0 great way 0I1i •• _ 



I~ 

• y 

22 Monda) . ncr 22. 1 q8~ 

: .••••.... _ .......•......•.•....... 
• COpy • • • • • • • • of • • COVE • • • • LaJoila • • • • • • • 
: *QUALITY XEROX COPIES • 

• • * TYPESmING/GRAPHICS • • 
*QUALITY OFfSET PRINTING • • 

• * FULL COLOR XEROX COPIES : 
• 

*BUSINESS CARDS • * COLlATING • • 
* ENLARGEMENTS * lAMINATING • • 
*REDUCTIONS * BINDING • • 
* ADDRESS LABELS • * FOLDING • • 
* TRANSPARENCIES * CUTTING • • 
*NCR FORMS * PADDING • Has" Sq uintium Eyetis' • : *ENVELOPES * DRILLING • • • • 

• • 

thrown your whole world • ONE STOP PRINTING CENTER • • • • • 
• OPEN: moo-fn 7:30 10 6.00 sol 9:00 10 5.00 • 
• • 

out of focus? • • • 456-3444 • • • • • • • The "Cure" is closer than you think. • • • 70J Pearl Sf La .Jolla • Watch (or it this October 29th! • • • (comer 01 Draper' P'eart) • 
• • 

Yet another friendly warning from Zenith Data Systems • • • 10% Student Discount with this ad • 
• • 
................................... : 

To every roommate 
about to become a friend. 

Rig~t now, about the only thing you have in 
common IS the same room. But you and those 
strangers who moved in with you are going to 

crack a lot of books and bum a lot of mid-
night oil together. 

You're going to discover the people 
behind the nametags, the ones in -

side the roommates. And who 
...... - .. ' . ., knows? Before the lerm is 

over, your roommates may 
very weU twn out to be good 
friends. 

To each of you we say, let 
it be LOwenbrau. 

Lowenbrau. Here's to good friends. 

writer's 
Wallets 

• 1: 

< CONTINUED FROM PAGE 16 < 
cloth gets all bent up so it won't Stay In 
place. But that's no reason to replace it, 
is it? 

Everyone has a different system for 
organizing the windows. Very few 
people have a good system. but 
everyone has some kind of system. I've 
arranged mine so that when 1 open the 
wallet, the first thing [ see is my picture 
on my California Driver's License. That's 
kind of stupid . because it's a hideous 
picture and I'm sick of looking at it. In 
this same slot ("flap one") are my Price 
Club card (with an even worse picture; 
my eyes are shut so that [ look like 
some kind of 60s drug addict), my card 
from the Great Gyros (that's "hee-rose," 
not "jy-rowz"; it's a fast-food jOint at 
UTe). and my 24·Hour Teller card . 
Along with the card 1 keep a list of teller 
machines around the county. a list from 
three years ago that is outdated and 
utterly useless. But there it is anyway. 

Flap two features my Kaiser card and 
a list of Kaiser Hospital phone numbers, 
another useless item. The damn ink 
from Ihe card rubs off on the plastic 
window. That just ticks me off. 

[n Oap three resides my "National 
Srudent Consumer Card." courtesy of 
the ASUCSD, which "entitles the 
cardholder to offers" from various 
merchants. [ have never used this card 
and [ never will use it because as I writ~ 
this I am noticing that the card expired 
in September. Damn. Also in Oap three 
is my KGB card. That's probably 
expired, too. What a shame. 

~he founh and final flap contains my 
SOCIal Secunty card and my San Diego 
Public Library card. And that's the end 
of the windows. 

But there's more! [n the cloth folds 
that is. [ counted seven Iitde folds to put 
things in-and that's a modest number 
considering some wallets I've seen. [n 
them [ have a list of phone numbers. 
my UCSD ID (which should be in a 
window, I think), a schedule of NFL 
football games, and my 1984 Padres 
schedule (don't need that anymore, I 
guess). [ have my Gemco "Life 
Membership" card (they misspelled my 
name. the fools). 1 have stamps-20-
cent, 4O-cent, D-cent, 17 -cent. I have 
'em all ; trouble is , half of them are stuck 
together from the last time my wallet gOt 
wet. 

And I have other, more practical 
items as well. [ have a tape measure-a 
meter-long vinyl thing that's all wound 
up and leaves a large impression on my 
back pocket and on the skin located 
next to Ihat back pocket. 1 have several 
meaningless business cards. [ have a 
cash regisler receipt for something I 
bought on 4-25-84. Whatever it was COSt 
me $3; sure am glad I kept the receipt. I 
have a cardboard english-to-metric and 
metric-to-english conversion chart that I 
CUt off the box from die T[-30 calculator 
I gOt six years ago. Useful stuff. all of it. 
And the piece de rfsistance is my folded 
paper cup, for those emergency 
situations when 1 just have to have a 
drink but there IS no drinking fountain 
but there is a bottled water dispenser 
but there are no cups so I'll JUSt have to 
pull out my wallet and- hah! take that, 
world!-I can get a drink. All this and 
more right within the tiny space of my 
back pocket. Boy scout motto: be 
prepared. 

Oh yeah, there's money in there , too. 
Some people PUt keys in theIr wallets. 

Some put lots of phOtos of their 
boyfriends or gIrlfriends. Some put 
change, some put combs. some put 
stream-line calculators, some put 
h:urpms, some put four-leaf clovers, 
some don 't truSt good luck channs and 
carry contraceptives instead . And 
Without their wallets, these people are 
paralyzed. 

I guess there are some people out 
there. somewhere , who ge t along 
Wllhout a wallet. I JUSt don't know 
how they do it, that's all. ~ 

Classified .cNertJslng sp«e Is sold In 
IOO-char.lCter Increments. Each 
letter, pw1ctu11t1on mark and sp«e 
between wards Is considered .. 
ch.racter, ~Ith c.pltal letters 
counting .5 two dNlracters. The rate 
Is 51 per 100 dNlnIdeI'S for s1UdenIs 
and S3 per 100 dNlracIIerS for non-
studena. You must come by the ofIIce 
or mall In )Our ad, ., we require 
JNyment In .ct\Mnce of publication. 
OUdllnes .re 5 pm tuesday for 
'n1ursdlly's paper, 5 pm Friday for 
Monday's paper. For more 
Information call 452-3466. The 
GuIIrdlan, UCSD, B-016, La Jolla, CA 
92093. 

Start your Halloween weekend/sl orr right 
Halloween II-Friday night. 12:00 in USB 
2722. Be t~elll (10/251 
Don't forgetl BSU meeting 10/25 at 6:00 in 
HL 1148. Exec. Bd. nominations and a guest 
speaker. 110/251 

5360 Woeekly/up mailing drrulcnl No 
bosses/quotaS I Sincerely Interested rush self-
addressed envelope: DMsion Headquarters. 
b 464CFW. WOOdstock. IL 60098. (10/221 
InsurarlO! warl We'll ~at cny priCl! or we 
OO/l't want your business. nckets. accidents. 
sports cars. good driller/student discounts: 
all welcome. call 286-1135. Request UCSD 
PI ... 111/291 
What's up alter the Flxx7 Halloween II . 
Mlcnght 10/26. USB 2722. ncketS 52.00 at 
b 0ftICl!. (10/251 

SIU~ groups on sexual politics. behavioral 
ct1~. 1IIIOIT1erI. raO! and class. collective 
theory and U.S. intefVention in Central 
Nnerica. Visit or call Groundwork Books to 
leil'n more. 452-9625. /10/221 

\M1at the heck is F.SAM.] Find out on 
10/23. 7 pm Conf, Rm. lilA. General mtg. & 
c¥lam/c speaker. More info 452-4SAM. 
/10/221 

Viotin] Viola7 Prep for "32" or just for run. 
Group rates. sliding scale. Helen Martin. 
457-0671. 111/261 

Groundwork Stu~ Groups row forming. 
Cooperative u~tifIed learning; thought-
prOYOking topics; and they're freel Stop ~ 
Groundwork Books lbehlnd the bike shopl 
or call 452-9625 b' info. (10/221 
Come to the 10:15 am lklillerslty Worship 
ServiCl! at College A\ll!nJe Baptist Church 
and enjoy fellowship with r:Ner SOD college 
OYIstians. We would really Hke to see you 
therel 4747 College Ave. 1/4 mi. south of 
SOSU. For more info call 582-7222. (10/221 
Win a trip to Vail or 200 other prizes. UCSD 
Ski Racing Team Rafrle to ~ held Nov. 16. 
Revelle Plaza, I prI1. nckets 52 each or 3 for S5. 
(10/251 
Ski Swap Meet: Buy and Sell-Clothes and 
e!J.Iipment Friday Nov. 16. Revelle Plaza. By 
UCSO Ski Racing Team. (10/251 
A growing marketing CO/Tl>iII'1Y is seeking 
enterprising persons to market "a prodJa 
whose time has come." No experience 
necessary. For more information call 297-
0655. after 6:00 pm. /10/221 
It's ghOsts & goblins season I Come in 
costume to the Halloween Party. American & 
foreign students welcomel International 
Center, Oct. 26, B pm. 52 sign up. /10/251 

Professors Foruml Hear Prof. Erie. Dr. Krlpke 
and others speak on election iSSUes. Wed. 
10/24. 4 pm. N. Conference Room. 
Sponsored ~ the Democratic Club. /10/221 
Do you want to learn a new and exdting 
sport] Join the UCSO \NOI1let'l's ~aosse 
team meeting Mon. 10/22/84. Revelle Field 5 
pm. 110/221 

The beSt college p~band in town. Third 
Shake, is available t>r your formal. dance or 
party. For info regarding tape. audition. or 
boOking. call Robert (UCSOI at 453-9712. 
/10/251 

No trides but double the treat will be In store 
for someone spedal this Halloween When 
}OU order a newer and cancly to be delived to 
them ~ a costumed messengerl To order see 
us at the Sigma Kappa table on the RNeile 
Plaza between II and 2 pm Oct. 24, 25, 26. & 
28. (10/251 
See the famous Muir Pul11lkin Drop. Wed. 
Oct. 31. 12 pm Muir Quad. (10/251 
"ROW ROYCE ENGINE DESIGN" will ~ 
the topic of Randall Seaver. Group Engineer 
for Rohr Inrustries on Thur. Oct. 25 at 12 
noon in Revelle Informal. Sponsored ~ 
Mechanical Eng. Club, /10/221 

Cape books row available at GroundlNork 
Books and the UCSO Bookstore. A bargain at 
only 5O¢1 /10/221 

Get your ,,"-cal ticket now at the box office 
while t~ last. Psyche yourself up for 5 
wonderful days of skiing in Vail. Col. 5299 
plus membership. Inc. lifts. transp.. delux 
accom. Umited space. Buy now. /10/221 
UCSD Resale Shop in International Center. 
Think of us for your Halloween costume. 
Open Monday-Friday. IIO/29t 

LAGO IMes ~ who would like to 
help in planning events to CDtne to our 
meetings. Mond¥ Rm. 205 Student Center 
at 4:00 pm or call for more info. 452-GAYS. 
110/251 

HalJoween Dance: Sponsored ~ Sea World 
& KGB for Child Abuse Prevention 
Foundation. Wed. 10/31 7:()(}I:ooam. 512.50 
in advanCl! from Tktmaster. call 619 232-
0800. Costume-judglng-prlzes~lnci. 
trips to Waiklkl & Puerto Vailarta. For info call 
283-1234. Help us and have a blast /10/221 

Entrepreneurs: If you are one or know one. 
<DIltacl: Van 481-3213. SI for valid leads. 
110/291 

Come to LAGQ's social. ~ Thursday at 
8:00pm in TCH814J.CalI452-GAYSformore 
int>o (10/251 
Attention EEeS Majorsl Did you know that 
participation in the Academic Internship 
Program Is now iCcepted as a Technical 
Elective ~ your Dept] There Is ro .better 
wiltf to g!t IJoth academic credit and valuable 
work experIenCl! than through an AlP 
Internshipl For information abOut the 
prog'iI'Tl stop ~ the AlP oft on Warren 

~s No. 406 or call 452-4355. (10/291 

illllIHiJlll1 
SUrtboard-NectarTIJruster.5'II .. whitewith 
blue ralls. Great condition. S15O. Call 455-
9210 after 6 pm. (10/29/ 
19 inch coJor TV. 2 years old. cost 5350. sell 
b' $ISO. NAD 10~ Series 2 preampH1ler. 
very high quality. almost u"-lsed. list 5198. sell 
for 5125. Call Thilo 455-9851. /10/221 

Springsteen tickets. Nov. 4 Floor. 457-2105 
Ne. (10/221 
Motcr(}lde. 197B Honda-Mint condition. 
low miles-one 0'NI'leI'. S 775 "rm. call Rancly 
t.e .... itt 755-5595. (10/251 
cars for Rent: SIS per day. SS5 per week. 
Unlimited free mileage. Del Mar car Rental. 
755-3201. (II/II 
79 Fairmont, new tires & battety; rad, a/e. 
52.500. 298-5415 alter 5. /10/221 

Full size mattress. no boX spring. 80ught 2 
months ago-SI85. Must sell 59S. 457-4068. 
/10/251 

Springsteen ticket. One left Oct. 31. Lrave 
message on machine. 455-IB75. Fair priCl!. 
/10/221 

72 VW 8ug-Rebui/t engine runs great. New 
brakes etc. Sell for Slooo obo. Call 458-983J. 
Coleen. /10/221 
'67 Dodge Dart. 6 tyl .. auto., engine NO 
problems. int./ext. good. SBOO. 277-IB21, 
.Jeff. (10/221 
Springsteen tickets for sale. Good seats Ibr 
Friday the 26th. 2 seats together. Call J .K. 
457-1353. (10/21 
TRS BO computer 1161<: disk expandablel. 
printer. recorder. INOI'd processing program. 

5SOO. 271-8201. /10/221 

2 cars: 74 Datsun 610 wagon. 98.000 mi., 
S600jbest offer; '75 Toyota Corona 4-dr. 
sedan. 70.000 mi.. 5-speed. 52. 900. 452-
7576. /10/221 

Springsteen tickets Halloween Night-FlOr 
seats. Call anytime before II pm. 4SO-0465. 
/10/221 

~m61111111 
Peer Advisor. Acad. Internship Program. 
Coordinate Washington. D.C.. Sacramento 
programs. Uaison with student organzation. 
academic departments. government 
agendes. Good interpersonal, communica-
tions skills. Must have work-stu ely. call 
x4355. /10/221 

Data Entty, "cad. Internship Prog. Will train 
acrurate typist. Must have work-SWcly. Call 
x4355 or come to WiI'ren 406. Flexible 
hours. (10/221 
Pl.Jblic Relations. Acad. Internship Prog. 
Coordinate ads, outreach to student or95. 
academic depts. Strong oral. written 
commJnication skills. Some clerical. Work-
stucly only. Call 452-4355 or come \KIC 406. 
/10/221 

Ba¥itter wanted for occ.asionaI jobs. I girl 8 
yrs old U . Shores. If interested call Mary 
Squazzo 454-6973 Ne. 571-2626 otrc. 
(10/221 
Wanted: 1he best 52.00 value around7 Box 
offiCl! for Halloween II. Fri. midnight in USB 
2722. Be there. (10/251 
Wanted: small auto. used car. '74 or later. 
1M" neg..price. call Michelle at 455-5675 
after 8:00 am. (10/221 
Female wanted to share very large house 
near Price Club (W. Claremont/ with other 
female and 2 guys. Own room and 
bathroom. Bed available. S285/mo. plus 1/4 
util. call 483-3210. Available Nov. I. (10/291 
Some fun-lolling American students to be 
present at the an"-lal Halloween pill'1¥· 
International Center, Oct. 26. 8 pm. 52 sign 
up. x3730 for more info. /10/251 

Interested students to attend Professors 
Forum on Election Issues. Wed. 10/24, 4 pm 
in No. Cont. Rm, /10/221 

~ Wanted. Part time ~Joyee needed. 
Apply at Klnko's M-F 8-5. 8855 VIlla ~ Jolla 
Dr. /10/221 

~1##i1M8J IIIII 
Master bectoom for rent Can be shared. 3/4 
mile from school. call Rich or J.K. at 457-
1353. Dec. 1st 111/291 

Top Drawer Secret¥iaI \XIord Processing. 
Reports. resumes. manuscripts. Student rate. 
Diane 481-4160. (11/29/ 
Models. Former UCSO Guardian Photo 
Editcr/UCSD calendar Photogapher now 
prodJdng hi{1Hluailty. Iow-cost modeling 
portfolios. Color or B& W. call Rich ~<;jak. 
695-8714 for appointment. /10/29/ 

SELF-STORAGE: Convenient storage space 
located on Eastgate Malljust 1/2 mile no. of 
Miramar Road. 5 min. from calTllUs. All sizes 
avail. from 5IB.00/mo. 25'111 discount to 
students/l'acUlty/stalf. (Call for detailsl ~ 
.Jollit-Eastgate Self-Storage. 8440 Eastgate 
Coun 458-1950. (10/221 
SUper Typing- IBM III. acrurate, SiI'TIe day 
servia. Resume. ~ paper. etc. 16 years 
elq)eriena. Call Eery: 452-1393. /10/251 
Burke Seaetarial-Quality typingl IS years 
experience-Rush jobs specialty/Flexible 
hours. ~ .Jolla 457-3842. (II/II 
Typing/Word Processing-For all your 
fWing needs call Barbara at 454-7624. Rush 
jobs accepted. (II/51 

SUrfing Photographer will capture your tube 
ride at'f'/ time. arry place. Call Kevin at 457-
4068. /10/291 

Meet your professors and heil' them speak 
on election issues. Wed .• 10/24. 4 pm in N. 
Conference Room. Sponsored by the 
Democratic Club. /10/221 

Expert Typing. Word processing & rape 
transcription. Spelling free. Sanely. 459-5818. 
La Jolla. 111/291 

Sunroofs. high quality glass pop-up 
completely guaranteed. SII5 installed. Bob 
4BI-9145. (111151 
Young mother will bal¥it in "¥ Hillcrest 
holm!. Reasonable rate. Infants OK Info: 
Allyson 692-4296. (10/291 

Ladies: want to meet sincere. interesting 
men 7 Foto Date. California's most successful 
dating club is offering a limited number of 
free trial memberships to ladies between 18-
30. 293-3000. /II/B/ 

John Smith, do you expect me to bliNe that·s 
really your nane7 I don't know about you. 
Love. Ellen. (10/221 
DaIle. soon you too can be part of the real 
1N'OfId. We're sending someone for you. 
Don't eat any greenl (10/221 
Congratulations to the TKE little sisters. 
We're proud to have you with us. ---6rothen 
of TKE. 110/221 

ETA Class; to a great bUnch of guys with 
potential to ~ the beSt pledge class ~. Be 
the second to top Beta class. Now the fun 
starts so hang in there. Your Teke Brothers. 
(10/221 
Am Z: Meet me at the Halloween Bash (Oct. 
26 Fri.. B pm. Int'I CuI. I shall rNeal "¥ 
identity at the PUl11'kin carving table. 8e 
there if u darel .John Doe /10/221 

Pam: Meet me in the Comrruter LDunge Fri. 
fof' a c.ontinental breakfast before Q-Chem 
7:30 5O¢-Ken. (10/22/ 
Come play Broomball with the Ski Club Nov. 
10th at the UTC Skate Rink at 11:00 pm. Get 
prepared fof' the big match in Vail. Free for 
members. SI for non-members. (10/221 
DG Dawn. welcome aboil'd. So glad you're 
"¥ little Ibl9I sister I Love youl .Jennifer :1 :1 
(10/221 
Happy Birthday Jiml I've never been so 
happyn 1Iove)'OO so muct11 Happy 22nd Love, 
Jennifer :1 :1 (10/221 
car Rallyl Oct. 26. 7:00 pm in the Rec. Conf. 
Room. Zoom around San Diego and try to 
win a free All-cal ticket to Vail. Col.! 

Costume~mikaze party following rally. 
S3/car mem. 55/car non-members. /10/221 

Sougtlt ~ birth famlly-Attention white 
male adoptee, born 6/25/66 at Mercy 
Hospital in San Diego. Please write SUsan 
Plesico. 2715 .Je .. Duluth Rd.. Duluth. 
Mimesota 55804. (10/251 
Usa. to a greatAOlllittie sis. Looklng Ibrward 
to some outrageous timesl Love. your big sis. 
(10/221 
Rita and John. Next time take a roll in the 
hcrj. not on the fr~i1f. We iI'~ behind you 
all the wiltf. Love ya both. You'II be okayl Love 

~ and Alex. /10/221 
Commuter Breakfast Fri. Oct 26. Continental 
Style 7:30-9:00 am only 50¢ in the Commuter 
lDunge. (10/221 

Irlo concerning stolen 67 Classic \/VI bug. 
CA lic. 332-VOG. Color was tan and had 
wink mirror. Stolen Fri. Oct. 5. orr of No~ 
Dr. In ~ Jolla. Fantastic reward for arry avail. 
inlb. carolyn 457-3583.(10/221 
L3d1es brown cardigan sweater IC>-II at 
UCSD Theatre. If found please return to 
Drama Dept. /10/251 



24 Monday, Od. 22, j 9B'f . 

BJ'S PIZZA BUCKS Don't just have it typed ... HA VE IT TYPESET!! 

RESUMES· 
limit One La Jolla . Ca. 

Per Pizza Sen es 1984 
The Guardian can typeset your resume the way 

you want it to look. 
Sharp and Professional. 

It may get you the job of your dreams! 
8873 Villa La Jolla Drive (Next to Theaters) 

FREE Delivery to UCSD 

For more information, call The Guardian Business Office: 
452-3466 

For the tim of your life in college, com to one of our free One Hour Evelyn 
Wood Seminars. 

We'll how you the way to have more fre time by cutting your study time in half. 
While you rai e your grade point Ther 's a lot more to college than textbook , t sts, 
and term paper . And Evelyn Wood is the way to enjoy it 

Now's the time to make your move. Bring a friend and join us at our seminar. It's 
only an hour. It's free. And it's definitely not a waste of time. 

Free Seminar Schedule 

• 

LOCI1TION: LII JOLLA VILLAGE INN - .329' HOLIDIIY (OUR T 
(INTERST"TE 5 liT LII JOLLA VILLAGE DRIVEl 

MONDI1Y 10/22 5:00PM liND 1.·OOPM EvelynWOOd'M College Programs TUESDI1Y 10/23 12.·OOPM, 2:00PM liND '1:00PM 
WEDNESDAY 10/2'1 2.·00PM, '1:00PM AND 6:00PM 

Choo the day and tim mo t conveni nt for you. R rvations not nary. For mor information call 1 (800) 447-READ. 


