


Writing for the Computer Market is a 
one-day class being "offered through 
UCSD Extension Saturday, April 21 from 
8:30 am to 5 pm. As an estimated five 
million people buy personal computers 
within the next year, they wtll look lor 
books and magazines to help them 
become sophisticated users of 
computers . This special one-day 
program will cover the Wide range of 
new publishing opportulllties lor writers 
In [hiS growing field . The program 
coordlllatOr IS Sandra DIJkstm, a Iiterd!)' 
agcnt speCIaliZing in the fidd 01 
nonfiction and J Literature Department 
kcturer, For more Information. caU 452-
3430. 

o 
Roger Re~lIe , one of this country's 

leading oceanographers and populations 
scientists, prolessor of science and 
publtc policy here at UC "D, has been 
selected to receive the fifth Vannervar 
Bush Award b>, the ational cience 
Board. Dr. Vannervar Bush helped 
found the oltional Science Foundation. 
The award is presented from time to 
time to a knowledge outstanding 
contnbutions in sCience and technology 
which have part icular signtl1cance to the 
natlon,li welfare. 

o 
Behind-me-Scenes of Movie 

1969 .. . 
Thc Rcgents of the University of 

California have ordered an investigation 
of campus newspapers and the use of 
student government money for bail 
funds. Regent John Canaday said the 
papers are "devoid of the attributes 
trdditionally aSSOCiated with student 
newspapers. They have taken the 
chardcter of media for the propagation 
of radical political and social 
philosophies, the oldl'ocacy of 
lawlessness, indoctrination of thclr 
readers with standards of human 
conduct which are generally 
unacceptable and promoting dlsrespecr 
for aU authority." 

1971... 
The AS CounCil was toppled by a 

military coup at 2:30 yesterday 
afternoon as GeneraliSSimo Jim Sills led 
a junta to InStaU KJrI Keating .lS puppet 
dll'tator of the AsSOCIated Students. 
ReveUe ProVOSt Saltman pointed out that 
the crisis apparently alfected neither the 
colleges nor undergraduate education. 
Therefore , he said , the), did not concern 
him When told the regime htld placed 
him on a list 01 "persons of suspicIOUS 
character who should be observed 
closely: he said that the junta should 
"cut the crap." 

1972". 
Fredenck Tumer of Redwood City 

has smgle-handcdly collected over 2.000 
signatures on petitions lor th~ Cali forni" 
Marijuana Initiative drive In a period of 
less than a month . Whcn he first started 
to circulate the petlllOn, Turner admits 
to haVing been somewhat apprehenSive. 
He was l:oncerned that he might be 
bothered by polll:c. Signers represent a 
broad cross-section of society: both 
young and old . the middle-aged . 
houseWIves, people In bu, mess SUitS 
and coUege students 
1973 .. . 

SIX evenings devoted to the Jrt 01 
inteUlgent conversation , an an some , o1Y 
IS vanishing, will be fea tured In J UCSD 
ExtenSion program stalling thiS week . 

x, 
.... .... : .,," '- :.......... • < ",' ,,-," 

MMketl ng IS ,I course hell1g ollered h} 
UC':>D ExtenSion on Tuesday, Aprtl 3 
through M,\}' 29 from 7-10 pm. 
DeS igned lor the movie Ian interested In 
the subjeu as lI'eli as those consldenng 
J career 111 motion picture marketing, 
the course shuuld also be of i merc,t to 

person~ looklllg .It fields related to the 
movie II1dust!),. For inlonnatlon. caU 
452-3400. 

o 
Election '84 - What's at Stake? will 

be a forum held from 1 to 4:30 pm III 
Peterson Hall at UCSD, aturday, April 
14. The lorum 15 being co-sponsored hy 
Warren CoUege and the league 01 
Women Voters III cooperation with the 
UCSD Department -.11 Pohtical dence . 
The panicipants will examinc major 
issues that voters will face in 1984: 
constitutional law, the nation 's economy, 
minorities and alTirmative action and 
natlon,,1 defense. For more tnformation, 
caU 452-3120. 

o 
Susan Sontag. author, critic and 

lecturer, wiU give a lecture this evening 
at 7:30 pm in the Mandeville Center 
Auditorium. Sontag has written novels. 
li terdry essays and criticism, short 
stories and numerous magazine articles. 
For more tnformation , call 452-3229. 

As a war of making the evenings as 
informa as possible, Dr. Robert Allen, 
who will act as host lor "A Colloquium 
on Customs, Fad. Supersti tion and 
Ritual in America: has planned it as a 
"no-exam" and "no-paper" course. 
1974 ... 

In an exclusive IIlterview on KSDT's 
"The Record Show' yesterday, the 
formation of the Banana Liberation 
Front (BlF) was announced by 
Randolph, the World's Largest Banana. 
Randolph , largest (reported ly 42-feet) of 
thc bunch of bananas demanding fruit 
reform. told KSDT that he was "sick and 
tired of seeing bananas treated as sex 
symbols." 

1975 .. . 
The California State Assembly has 

larmed J special subcommittee to 
Investigate elections at Cali fornia's 
public universities and colleges. 
Assemblyman Tom Bane said , "Because 
campus leaders Will one day be our 
leaders. it IS critical to our elective 
process that the 'training ground' be 
above reproach. Students should be 
assured of the same integrity tn voting 
procedures as the generdl statc and 
national elections." 

1977 .. . 
The protest of UCSD students over 

that ponlon 01 their Reg Fee payments 
used to t"und abortions has expanded 
both In numbers and to othcr UllI verslt)' 
01 Collifornla school!>. A new element III 
thc case proceedings was shown by the 
plJintiffs. who presented 14 exhibi ts of 
aborted let uses. rhe ,lttorney for the 
defense sa id he lelt a reluctanl:e toward, 
submitting the photos ,IS eVidence 

1980 .. . 
About 80 .,rudenr" ",htl p.lld jO I,l~t 

ntght c\pectlng to set' the X-mted D,'I'it 
Wid 1I11\; )0I1l'\ were the Victims "I ,Ill 
Api'll Fool's Joke. Inste,ld III the 
Georgin,1 ':>pelVIIl d.ls~lc . they wcre 
trc,l[ed to the Ikl'i/ ,/11.1 /1,1,,, )llIll·S. ,\ 
1940s 111m ,lboUl .l 1,ILlO!)' tlll ncr 

- Christopher Canole 

Registr.ltIun lur Ass()(lated ' tudent candidtl(ks wminues this week, tlnd 
Ihis ye,lr the AS h,ls I"lI1tlll>' cstahlbhed jub de!>cnpliun~ lor AS wmmissluncrs 
M,m. Boroditsky. commbSluner uf appomtmems Jnd e,>alutltlons. is primarily 
respunsible lor this lung-needed improvement 01 the A':> Council. The jub 
descn ptions will hwer deftne mdlvidual wmmissloners' responsibilities, aid 
the council III its clb:tlvencss, help theJudici.l1 Board III Its rl~e ul e,>alumingAS 
commissioners and represcnttltlve!> and ,lid. the elections cummission III 
educating those slLldcnts Il1tcrested III runnmg lor AS olfices. The job proltlcs [0 
be eflectlve immediately arc: 
PJWGRAMMER 

- Organize commutees for specitlc programming tlreas (I.e., lectures, TGs). 
- Provide A':>UCSD With tl hudget breakdown InW appropnate types of 

programs and program expenses (LC. , le(turcs, movies, sound, hghtsand 
tcch). 

- I3e accountable to ASUCSD for all evems and event hudgets. 
- Provide tl brotld program of evel1ts so as to provide ctlmpus-wlde 

progrdms Lor special as well as general interests (I.e., Sun God Festival, 
Cinco de Mayo). 

APPOINTMENTS AND EVALUATIONS 
- Solicit for. interview and appoint student representatives [0 all campus-

wide and ASUCSD related committees, subject to AS approval. 
- Maintain communication with aU appropriate student reps. 
- Gener.He and maintain a public file uf aU agendas, minutes, 

representatives' reports and aU committee actions. 
- Organize and initiate aU AS Council members in coordinatiun with AS 

Judicial Board. 
- Furnish inlormation and means for aU evaluations. 

PUBLIC RELATIONS 
- Organize a Public Relations Committee so as to clftciendy dispense 

appropriate information. 
- Work to inform ASUCSD student populatton, the local and greater 

community of aU actions and activities in which ASUCSD and student 
groups are IIlvolved. 

- Work with tlppropriate on- and oO"-campus media to achieve these goals 
and responsibilities. 

- Organize and manage the layout of the ASUCSD buUetin and newsletters. 
STUDENT WELFARE 

- Inform aU related departments and student advisors of services and 
processes 01 this position. 

- Provide student counseling in all campus matters related to litigation. 
- Provide student defense in the event that it is necessary. 

COMMUNICA nONS 
- Organize a Media Board which reflects the diverse as well as general 

concerns of students. 
- Provide ASUCSD with a budget detailing individual allocations for all 

media. 
- Monitor the budgets and activities of media. 
- In coordination with the MedIa Board commissioner, take appropriate 

action to insure that all media budgets are used appropriately. 
ACADEMIC AFFAIRS 

- Establish and maintain communication with Undergraduate A/lairs 
Office and undergraduate related programs. 

- Keep up to date on aU policies and procedures regarding academics. 
- Providc a vehicle to maintain touch with student concems (i.e., pollsters). 
- Provide representation on Academic Senate Subcommittee on 

Educational Policy and Courses. 
- Be responsible for US GrdntS, Soft Reserves and Lecture Notes. 

ACTIVITY FEE 
- Organize a committee to evaluate Student Organization Requests. 
- Organizc hearings for aU Student Organization Budget Requests. 
- Monitor Student Organization events, activities and programs so as [Q sec 

that aU allocations and underwrites arc spent properly. 
- Provide advke to Student Organizations concerning programming 

events. 
- In coordination with ActiVity Fee Committee, take appropriate actions in 

coordination with ASUCSD in the event that a Student Organization 
misuses funds. 

ELECTIONS 
- Organize a committee and/or poll workers to efficiently run elections and 

cvaluate e1ectlon codes. 
- Be prepared to take immediate action in the evef\t of a student 

rclerendum. 
- It is suggested that the Commissioner of Elections should be involved in 

other actiVities and projects to 1111 the time not occupied until year-end 
elections. 

EXTERNAL AFFAIRS 
- Organize a committee (if neccssary) that is comprised 01 individuals 

conccrncd with the lollowing areas: UC lobby, SBPC, coalitions and 
communtty concerns (i .e., city and county). 

- Provide reports to council. 
- Introducc resolutions in AS Council supportIng or opposing any issues 

that rellen student concerns. 
COLLEGE REPRESENTATIVES 

- ProVide acwrare and appmpriatc communication and tnlormation 
betwcen timr college council and the ASUCSD Counci l and vicc versa. 

- Assume n:spllnslhlltry in the lorm of projectslJrlVork in conjunction With 
,111 A':>UC~D clHnmissioner. 111 lullilltng that comillissioner's 

re~ponslhl lttle, . 
"Within their ,bslgncd gUiJelines, e,Kh council member sh.IU he required to 

speL lf}' tll the EV.llu,ltlllnS Olllmlttee 01 the judiel,11 Bo.trd thc individual 
pnlJcus ,lIld glIal> to he ,Ichlevcd wlthtn the terlll olol"llce:' sa id I3oroclitskr. 
., hi!> ,hall be aCLOlllpltshcd h>' ,\ month I>, suhmlsSllll1 of a report. It !>hall he 
undcrstllllllth,1[ the judlcl.l1 Bo.lrdwllIlllllnttl)r.lU counCil memhers III II1sure 
their Cl1l1lplt,lnLe Wi th the A COnStitution .lIld Brl.lws. Furthermore. the 
Judicial l30ard Will 1ll0nltor ,til munct! members ,IS wtheir ,tated proje( ts ,.II1d 
gllolls, and . • 15 wcll. prlll'lde th l' Ulllllcilll'lth ,In el'.lIU,ItI11n 011 .1 mllnthl>' b,I>IS." 

April 2, 1980f 3 
~EWS 
'~" ~ • .~, ,oX • 

On-campus hospital 
By YEN TAYLOR 

UCSD offiCials plan to build a 160-
bed campus hospital costi ng $35 million 
on University-owned land ju.t cast of 
Interstate 5. Currently, the UCSD 
Medical Ce nter is located III the 
Hillcrest neighborhood of midtown San 
Diego. Since 1960. thiS site has been the 
primary tcachll1g facility for UCSD 
medICal students. 

However, accordlllg to Dr. Ruth 
Covell , associate dean of planning of 
medicine. the Hill rest Medical Center 
does not have the capability to 
accommodate the educational and 
clinical research needs of the School of 
Medicine. 

It lacks the patient mix necessary for 
appropriate undergraduate or graduate 
medical education. The medtan income 
level of those in the HiUcrest area is 
lower than that of IIldivlduals in any 
other region of San Diego and Imperial 
Counties. "We need a better patient mix 
to survive. There are a large number of 
low-income patients [in Hillcrest] who 
do not pay in full ." said CoveU. 

Hillcrest is also the only geographic 
area within San Diego and Imperial 
Counties in which the population is 
predicted to be on the decline - a 
decline that will pote ntiaDy affect the 
occupancy and the financial statuS of 
the Medical Center. 

The current physical facilities of the 
Hillcrest Medical Center are not 
adequately equipped to meet today's 
patient care and educational needs. The 
phYSical plant is old and has numerous 
design deficiencies. 

To ensure that UC~D's health care 
system Will be able to meet the 
competition and fulfill educational and 
clinical research needs, UCSD offiCials 
propose to develop health care lacilltics 
on the La Jolla campus and to improve 
the posture of the existing Mediclll 
Center. 

The plan caUs. for redUCing the 
inpatient c" pacity of the Hillcrest facility 
from 440 to 320 beds. The J 20 beds 
would be transferred to form the basis 
for a new hospital on the UCSD 
campus Forty new beds would al!,o be 
IIlstalied at the new campus hospital, 
with 20 aUotted for psychiatric care and 
20 for rehabilitative services. 

"I want to emphasize the fact that 
we're not adding new beds, we're merely 
transferring existing beds. Therefore, we 
don't expect any big trouble with the 
reviewing process." said QlveU. 

UCSD olTicials are also planning to 
con.;truct a 46,OOO-square-foot medical 
complex on the La Jolla campus. This 
complex would house 30 physiCian 
offices, an ambulatOry surgery suite and 
a range of other diagnostic and 
treatment services. It would also include 
a teaching nursing home. University 
officials say they are looking for an 
organization in the private sector to 
build the nursing home. 

UCSD plans to have the 
low/ moderate intensity services in La 
jolla and leave the more intensive 
services (bum and trauma, cardiac 
surgery, cancer therapy and neonatal 

Ph.D. Programs in Clinical &. 
Industrial/Organizational 

Psychology 

Applications ·Available for Fall 1984 

Apply Immediately 
Contact Admissions. (619) 452-1664 

California School of 
Professional Psychology -

San Diego ~I 3974 Sorrento Valley Blvd. 
San Diego. CA 92121 

-

. SOFT CONTAO LENSES 
One Hour Service in most cases 

~ INCLUDES: Contact lenses, examination, 
patient training, follow up, 
chemical care kit and fitting. 
EXIINDED WEAl LINSIS 
ONLY $165.00 

THE CLASSICAL EYE 
DR. ROIERT HEWR OPrOMETlUST 

La Jolla Village Square 
(Inside the Mall; Lower Level) 

8657 Villa La Jolla Drive • Suite 1 36 
45.7374 

News from the state ca]2itol 
New Regents rejected 
By JACKIE ALFONSO 
Sacramento Corrscpondent 

Governor George Deukmejlan's 
,Ipp0lntments to the UC Board of 
Regents are in the students' best 
interests, student representative to the 
Governor's Advisory Committee on 
Regents Appointments said recently. 

The Governor appotnted Frank L. 
Hope, jr. of S,m Diego to a four-year 
term on the Board of Regents and 
reinstated Glenn Campbell and Dean 
Allen Watkins to I 2-year terms late 
Monday. 

While none of the three 
appointments entirely met the critena 
for a UC Regent, the tudent Body 
PreSidents Council was "most 
disappointed" that the Governor did not 
appOint a woman or an 
underrepresented minority to the board . 

intensive care) at the Hillcrest site. ·We 
want to avoid duplicating services. We 
want to leave the expensive , intense 
services at Hillcrest," said Covell. 

It has yet to be determined how the 
new hospital wiU be financed . "We're 
not expecting state funds. Health 
science is not popular with state 
fundmg right now," said CoveU. She also 
elaborated that most of the funding 
would probably be through bonds. 
University officials have hired a 
consultant to work on several funding 
options. 

"Hopefully, we'lI have the study'S 
result in July. Assuming that the study 
comes out OK, we'll take it up to the 
Regents: said Covell. She expects the 

advisory committee member and UC 
Berkeley student body president Cathy 
Campbell said . 

"The board is already grossly 
underrepresentative of the state of 
California and with a change in 
demographiCS of the state. this problem 
will only become worse ," Campbell 
responded to the Governor's proposed 
appointments In a March 6 letter. 

Regent Vilma Martinez said she has 
asked governors to appoin t more 
women and minorities to the board; 
however, she was "happy" with the 
appointments. 

"It would be IlIce to have more 
women and minorities, but obviously 
these are appointments made at the 

please IU rn to page 12 

stud y to confirm that the new hospital 
plan is financially feasible and added , 
"I'm pretty optimistic that It would come 
out OK." 

The idea of havmg on-campus health 
care faCilities is not new. A campus 
hospital was included in the original 
plans for the School of Medicine. "It's 
unusual for a School of Medicine not to 
have a hospital on campus," commented 
Covell. 

"A hospital on campus would be 
useful for the teaching program, 
convenient for physician faculty and 
would better accommodate those 
patients who live closer to this area," 
said Covell. 

Photo ID Cards 
New 0.. 

...... 
In Quonset 324 Warren (RusseD Drive. 

east of the Warren Provost oftIce). 
.... 

The first working day of each week. 
bet\wen 11:30 am and 3:00 pm. 

-..r 
Any time after noon the foUOINfng day 
at the Bookstore infonnation windOlN. 

... 
Current-quarter R&E (Re,stration & Events) 

card ... ..,... by the Cashier's aIlee. 

lost or StoIaa <;mi' 
CaD extension 6840 

...... yoa pay loco • fIIIl.ct ..... 

Cg"mtQnrflr y.84ttloa StI." 
To obtain your current-quarter valldatlon sticker ...... 

IIarda 27 .. "13. bring your stamped R&E card and 
your photo-ID to the yeDow-and-white tent on the north 

side of the Cashier's oftIce. ICyou paid by mail. your 
stamped RaE card and current-quarter validation sticker are 
also available there. AlIIIIf odMr ...... a validation sticker may 

be obtained at the Cashler's oftIee at 401 Warren campus. 



i Apnl 2, 1984 
l Pll"IO!\ , , 
~ .~. ~. :'>'-".'; '" ~ • _ x " .. . , . ,.. ,x .• 

CommentaIY-

'Waiting for the Invasion,' 
looking at life in Nicaragua 
By ELLEN ARTHUR 

This article first appeared in Ihe 
Marc h 15 issue . AI chat time the 
article erroneously claimed thac the 
Contras currentlY control the 
Nica raguan government. ActuallY, 
the Contras arc the US-backed 
opposition to Nicaragua's Sandinista 
government , Here is the article in 
its correcled Jorm. 

• • • 
Deedee Halleck, a visiting 

lecturer in the Communications 
Department, has recentlY produced 
a video-tape called Waiting for the 
Invasion: US Citizens in 
Nicaragua, which shows the 
NICaraguan society through thc eyes 
oj the US community residmg and 
working m Nicaragua. Halleck, who 
began her film-making career in 
New York over 20 years ago, talked 
with a reporter about her 
experiences ill Nicaragua. 

"I went down there to make a 
film about Nicaragua because 1 
didn't believe the films thai I ' 
have seen showed the truth : 
Halleck said. "Most of the films 
that are shown in the US are 
about the war zone, and not the 
actual life of the people ." 

The 27-minute video includes 
interviews with American 
bUSinessmen, a US ambassador 
and citizens of Nicaragua. "I use 
very little narration In my 
Videos," Halleck said . "I let 
people tell their own 
experiences," Halleck says she 
prefers thiS because an 
authoritative narrator can easily 

bias a film . "This approach to a 
documentary is different because 
there is no authority figure 
narrating, so the person 
watching has to son the facts out 
for themselves and dral6l their 
own conclusions." 

Of th,! four-year-old Sandinista 
governml'nt, Halleck said, "It IS a 
government for the people. It is a 
model country for the US as well 
as other developing countries: 

The U citizens who were 
Interviewed in the film were 
enthusiastic about their 
experiences. An Amencan 
biologist, working to develop 
ways to produce com, was given 
a state farm on which to do her 
research. Her experimenting 
involves ways to control thc 
mosquitoes and other parasites 
that kill the com crops without 
the use of pesticides. Pesticides 
are not wanred by Nicaraguan 
people because they are 
dangerous to the environment 
and to the healtn of the people. 
"I can see the results of my 
experiments quickly here: said 
the biologiSt. 

"People who live in Nicaragua 
have a positive feeling about 
wnM they are doing," said 
Halleck. "The government is 
behind them. Nobody is starving 
down there. They aU have the 
right to an education, and the 
litreacy rate has increased (rom 
30% to 90% since the 
Sandi mstas lOok control." 

According to Halleck, the 
government officials (the 
comandantes) live very humbly 
in the comm unity. "They live in 
small houses and dress the same 
as the people." She says they are 
also concerned with the needs of 
the people . "If the community 
wants a day care cente~ ... they 
build it." 

"When Somoza was in power, 
the market was a mud hole ," said 
Hall eck. "Now it has a cultural 
center and a school. It 's all 
cement, and there are murals on 
the walls ." She added that the 
people are building parks, 
hospitals, farms and schools. 
"The problem is that the US 
government IS coming in and 
bombing what these people are 
building. They no sooner get 
something built and our bombs 
will come in and destroy it: 
Halleck said . 

The film also shows the 
people are digging trenches to 
protect themselves from bomb 
anacks. -Everyone builds a 
trench," said one man in the 
video, "The trenches are really 
for the children because it's the 
children that die In invasions, 
and it's the children that we 
need to I protect) for the future of 
our country: 

Halleck also has theories about 
the reasons behind US 
intervention, "The government 
down there IS not a totalitarian 
state, and that's why Reagan is 
bombing them ." ~ven so, she 

says the spirits of the 
Nicaraguans are high, 
"Everywhere I went, people were 
proud of what they have 
accomplished," Halleck said. 

Before going to Nicardgua, 
Halleck spoke with executives of 
the MacNeil-Lehrer show about 
her project, and they expressed 
interest in it. "I purposely went 
out of my way to show bah 
Sides of the controversy," she 
said, "and when 1 showed the 
film to them, they said that they 
weren't interested because the 
US ambassador 'looks like a 
jerk.'" 

The producers told Halleck 
that the US's side of the story 
was not credible, and they 
refused to show the video, "I 
believe that he I the US 
ambassador) looks like a Jerk' 
because he has to lie ," Halleck 
said. According to Halleck, 
Robert White, formerly US 
Ambassador to El Salvador, is 
now one of the most outspoken 
critics on the US government's 
poliCY on Latin America, 

HaBeck is getting ready to 
leave San Diego at the end of the 
qualler. She will be going back to 
New York to begin a new project. 
Halleck is planning to stall an 
archival documentary of the 
Latin-American conflict between 
1890 and 1940. 

The film Waiting for the 
lnvasioll: US Citizens in Niwragua 
is on reserve in Central Library. 

ll<ettttceri~ncetttt<eri~ll<eilit<eri~ll®tttt®ri~ll~tttt®lf~ll~ttit<elf~ll<ettttcerr~n<.ettfr®lf~n®frtt®lf~n<etttt 
ttcelf~lettersn<eilit<elf~ll<eilit®lf~n<etttt<elf~n®tttt<elf~n<eilit®lf~ll<efdt<elr~ll®tttt®lf~ll®ilitcerr~ 
lf~ll<etttt<elf~ll<eilitceIT'~n<ettttcelf~ll®ilit®lf~ll~fdt®IT'~n<ettttcelf~nceilit~rr~n~{dt~lf~ll<etttt<elf~nce 
n<et1ttcelf~n<e{tit<elf~nceilit<elf~n<etttt®lf~n®tttt<elf~n®ttitcelf~ll<e{tit<err~n<ettfr~lf~n<efrtt~lfll®ttt1<e, 
Editor: 

The title of a recent San DIego 
Union anicle, "Street Work Pays 
OIT for 2 Undercover Cops: 
regarding female police officers 
playing hookers to entrap 
johns" was more literally correct 
than one might realize . Few 
pec;:-!e are aware that most 01 
these John operations are 
volunteer efforts performed by 
police on overtime. That means 
50% extra pay. Indeed , the 
overtime pays seems to be the 
primary motivation behmd thiS 
sordid activity. 

and that at times this function is 
no longer needed; e.g., in large 
empty parking lots during 
quarter recesses. I know this may 
be bureaucratically Impossible, 
but the police could rum a blind 
eye at times, 

Taylor Kidd 
Editor: 

production of the MacNeil/ lehrer 
Report, whose basic conclusions 
it appears to mirror. 

Suzanne Mindlin 
Editor's note: You 're absolutely 
right. The corrected version oj the 
article appears on chis page. 

Editor: 
In the South, we had to deal 

with "Dukes of Hazza rd" sheriffs 
who funded the local "Boss Hogg 
operations ..... i th bush ledguc 
speed traps. 

Editor 
Tim August 

M.nagin& Editor 
Phil Lauder 

Copy Editor 
Joe Desiderio 

Opinion Editor 
Grace Nielsen 

Contributina Opinion Editor 
David Wolf 

Nnws Editor 
Lisa Lapin 

Conttiblllin& Nnws Editors 
Christopher Canole 
Steven R. Friedman 

Phil Willon 

Arts Editor 
Andrew Keeler 

Associate Arts Editor 
John Nee 

Sports Editor 
Jeff Savage 

Photo Editor 
Rich Pecjak 

Gmenl MlIIl9r 
Chris Milke 

Associate General Managers 
Unda Lewis 

Valerie McMullin 

Photographers 
Richard Caterina 
Rob Friedenthal 
Mark Johnson 
David Newell 

IHusttators 
John Ashlee 

Steve Kloepfer 

Typeselkrs 
Joe Desiderio 
Anggie Lapid 
Phil Lauder 

Andy Laurence 

Production 
Paul Farwell 

Rob Friedenthal 
Lizz Fuller 
Kelley Neal 

Karla Spencer 

Scaff Writers 
Lance Berrrard , Ethan Feerst, 

David Fleminger, Roben Geyer, 
Mike Greenberg, Sergio Klier, Ian 
Langdon, Roben Leone, Michael 

Partos, Dena Rosen. 

The UCSD Guardian is 
publ.ished Mondays and 
Thursdays during the academic 
year by students at UCSD. Views 
expressed in the Guardian do not 
represent the views of che Regents 
of the University of Califomia or 
the Associated Students of UCSD. 
All un -i nitialled editorials 
represent the views of the entire 
edicorial board of the Guardian ; 
initialled editorials represent 
minority opinions of the editorial 
board. Reproduction, publication, 
or any use without pennission of 
any portion of this newspaper 
without prior notification is strictly 
prohibited. 

So the next time the police 
seem a little slow in responding 
10 your call concerning a real 
Crime, remember that they are 
JUst paci ng themselves so they'll 
be ready for the really important 
eveni ng follies when the pay is 
better. 

In searching for a rational reason 
reason, I was left with only three 
possibilities. The first was 
boredom. Our on campus 
metermaids (i.e. the UCSD 
police) became bored over the 
slowness of the recess and 
decided to cruise the lots. The 
next was greed . Through past 
experience, we all know the great 
academic-bureaucratic 
establishment called UCSD IS not 
devoid of this detestable but all 
too common trait. And lastly, this 
could be another example of a 
law that, though originally 
established to perform some 
necessary social function , has 
taken on a life of its own. It now 
lives beyond its original purpose , 
and Its Justifica tion has become 
simply, "because it's the law." 

What can be done? If the 
problem lies in bored police 
officers, the answer IS beyond 
me. If it lies in greed, then 
nothing can be done because the 
university's administration really 
doesn't care; its only concern is 
the revenue the parking tickets 
bring In . If it's a law thJt has 
fo rgor its reason for existence, It 
can be reigned in. The unive rSity 
needs to only recogmze th at thiS 
"law" exists to perform d certain 
SOCial function , i.e., juryng a 
degenerdting parking Situation. 

The editorial StalT of an olTlcial 
newspaper of a uni versity of the 
stature of UCSD should cella inly 
have caught the ridiculous 
confusion of Ms. Arthur In her 
article, "Looking at Life in 
Nicaragua," which appears on 
page 5 of Vol. 51, #20 , dated 
March'lS, 1984. Ms. Arthur 
labels [he "Contras" as 
responsible for the four-year-old 
current government, and the 
"Sandinistas' as responsible lor 
the market's being a "mud-hole." 

Not haVIng seen Ms. Halleck's 
film , I am not In a position to 
comment on why It might have 
lailed to revolutionize the 

In San Diego, "Boss Hogg" 
Hedgecock seems to Ilgure he 
can lund the cost overruns on 
the Convention Center by using 
police decoys to entrap and Hne 
all [he hookers and '~ohns" on El 
Cajon Blvd. 

Tourists and conventioneers 
will learn to deal with San Diego 
the same way they deal with 
speed trap hick towns; they'll go 
elsewhere . 

The Guardian welcomes signed 
letters and commentary asoudined 

- in the Opinion section; however, 
we are not responsible for 
unsolicited manuscripts or Irt. 

Our office is located southeast of 
the Revelle Provost Office next 
door to the Che Cafe on the UCSD 
campus, The Business Office is 
open from 9 am to noon and 1 pm 
to 5 pm Monday through Friday. 

Louis Misko 
Editor: 

Over the spring recess, my 
roommate received a parking 
ticket from the campus police. 
He was in one of the metered 
spaces. As you can guess there 
was no money In the meter. He 
doesn't dnve much and was 
surprised and upset that he 
received a ticket In an empty 
parking lot. 

Why did he receive the ticket? 

Jefferson M, Fol~llie 

0plnionated? 
The Guardian is now accepting applications for the 

position oj Opinion Editor, Please see ad on page 27, 

SubsCriptions are available and 
will be mailed first class for SIS per 
quarter. 

The UCSD Guardian 
UCSD. B~16 

La Jolla. Califomia 92093 
(619) 4U-3466 

April 2, 1984 , 
01'1'01( )'\ 

• < 

Dr. Doolittle and 
the first-week bubble 
By PHIL LAUDER 

Ah, the stru~e begins anew. Seems 
like JUSt over a week ago, doesn't it, that 
we were deep in the throes of Ilnals 
week. Well , it was. 

And here we go again. Clear-eyed and 
bushy-tailpd, we thrust ourselves into 
the spring qUClncr of 1984, replete with 

class. That's just the way I like it. This 
opening style shows me at once that the 
prof is organized, knows what he's 
doing, and cares at least a little about 
his students. 

Some profs, in lieu of handing out a 
sy llabus, wi ll attempt 10 explain the 

'This quarter,' we repeat to ourselves, 'this 
quarter will be different. '". Life is always wondeiful 
when viewed through first-week colored glasses. 
that eternal first-week optimism. "This 
quarter," we repeat to ourselves, "this ' 
quarter will be different. No goofing ofT, 
no getting behind, no cramming. I'll 
read my readings before the prof 
lectures on them, I'll do my assignments 
the day they're assigned, I'll go to office 
hours and study sessions and say my 
prayers and eat my spinach and life will 
be wonderful: Life is always wonderful 
when viewed through first-week colored 
glasses. 

Of course, this quarter will be like laSt 
quarter will be like the quarter before 
that, and you'll soon be drowning your 
sorrows in Dos Equis. But don't let me 
burst your bubble. 

Bubbly optimism is jUst one of the 
great aspects of life in the first week. 
Another is scanning your new professors 
at your first lectures of the quarter. 

A professor's first lecture tells a lot 
about how your life will be in the next 
ten weeks. Many profs will first hand 
out some kind of syllabus or information 
sheet and will take some time to explain 
the class. This will be followed by a 
light, introductory-type lecrure, designed 
to ease you into your adventure in the 

course and where it's headed , and will 
at least mention grading policy. These 
instructors, while not organized enough 
to hand their secretaries a sheet of 
information to run off, at least seem to 
know what they're doing. 

And finally there are the highly 
clueless profs - and believe me, they 
exist. They'll stumble into the classroom 
on the first day eight minutes late and 
will ask a student in the front row, "Is 
this Math I B?" Reassured that it is, 
they'll jump up on the table at the front 
of the class, letting their feet dangle, and 
will announce proudly, "This is Math 
1 B. I'm Dr. Doolinle, This IS a ·ten-week 
course in calculus for non-science 
majors. Any questions?" The class 
rumbles. "OK, 1 don't really have 
anything to lecture on today, so I'll see 
you Wednesday." As he hops olf the 
table , he is greeted with a chorus of 
questions, the most vocal of which are 
"What about add/drops?" and "What's 
the grading policy?" Ignoring the f1rst , 
he responds, "Grading policy ... oh yeah. 
OK, uh, how do you guys want to do 
this? Do you want a midterm or what?" 

Oh God . Do we want a midterm? No, 

1914 UC San Diego 
Summer Salton 

catalogs 
NeAvallablc 

UC San DIego Summer SasIon catalogs .-e 
avelleble at the SUmmer SasIon Oftk:e, 101A 

AdmirdstrattYe Complex. For tuthcr 
InformItIon or to receive e tree copy of the 

c:eteIoS ~ .s~. ' 

we'll take the automatic A, thank you. By 
no means prevalent in or isolated to the 
Math Department, Professor Doolittles 
demonstrate in the first five minutes of 
their first lectures that they have no idea 
what they are doing and that they 
probably have never taught above the 
third -grade level in their lives. 

For those of you just arrived in the 
college scene, thiS will be your first 
exposure to the fact that the title of 
"doctor" and ability to teach have little 

CommeDta~ 

or no correlation with each other. You'll 
need only the firs t week to see this all 
too clearly. 

Fortunately, nOl even bad professors 
can deflate our bubble of optimism in 
the first week of the quarter. I really do 
hope that this is the quarter you all tum 
over a new leaf, that now when you go 
to the beach you really will study those 
books you brought along for the ride. 

What are we without dreams? Even if 
they do last but a week. 

Uncharted UCSD 
a -'mazes' visitors 
By ROBERT LEONE 

Lost La Jollans: No Need for Them. 
Admittedly, most members of the 

general La Jolla community probably 
consider UCSD valuable. We, the 
students, drink their beer, ~at their 
sandWiches, drink their calfee, buy their 
clothes, deposit our money, borrow 

sneak preview, a circus or a South 
African rock group. 

They may only be searching for the 
bookstore, but you'll find them outside 
the Canyon View pool or stuck in the 
oS" remote parking lot, wondering where 
they can get directions. 

They 'may only be searching for the bookstore, 
but you'll find them outside the Canyon View Pool 
or the '5' remote parking lot. 
theirs, ad naUSfum. All for a 
commercially sensible price, of course. 

For our pan, La Jollans see our plays, 
watch our movies, use our libraries and 
take extension courses. All this is fine 
and good . 

Problems begin when the La Jollans 
enter our campus. It isn't their fault that 
they don 't know their way around; they 
don't have to navigate around UCSD all 
week. All the La Jollans want to do is 
find their way to Mandell Weiss, to see 
a play, or get to Mandeville, to see a 

It's my experience (having been fool 
enough to volunteer to help at several 
University Events Office events) that lost 
La Jollans will ask directions of anyone 
who passes by, as would most people. 

It must be exasperating for the La 
Jollan who never figured that UCSD was 
so big. Maybe they were counting on 
finding maps in the parking las, and 
signs dearly labeling the buildings so 
they could tell the difference between 
the Mandeville Auditorium and the 

please tum 10 page 6 

~tf~ 
OASIS NEEDSAMORE 

GOOD TUTORS 
Like to help others 190m? 

GPA: 3.00+? 

A's and B's In math and science? 

Room in your Spring Schedule for another 
course? 

OASIS Staff will be interviewing students for 
Practicum Placements in conjunction with 
TEP 196, The Psychology of Teaching and 
Looming (4 units P/NP), Tuesday, April 3, 

1984, from 10:00-2:00 pm in OASIS 
Underground, 1254 HL. 

Join usl 

Practicums Available: 
Math, Science, Study Skills. Languages, 

Writing, Peer Counseling 



6 April 2, 1984 
01'1:-"10'\ 

Visitors 
LOl1tinucd from page 5 
Mandeville Recital HaU: 

The typical lost LaJollan (except the 
rock enthUSiast who seeks the gym) is 
usuaUy a cultured type. The males 
usually wear polyester slacks and a good 
wool sponscoat. The female 
representatives are also dressed in 
casual finety. Clearly, they are 
substantial taxpayers, and like viSiting 
students and faculty , deserve bettcr. 
Heck, evcn the rockers deserve bener. 

What can be done? First of all , the 
Regents , or whoever, can put up 
permanent maps in the parkIng lors 
The running route map near the maIn 
gym IS about the right size . It must also 
be clearly marked and have thc 
tradillonal "You Are Here" arrow to be 
e1Tecllve . 

Another solution is to print speCific 
direcllons and panial maps on all 
tickets sold . This may be diffIcult with 
the Ticketron machine now used to sell 
campus events, but in the long run it 
WIll prevent the problem before the La 
Jollans get on campus. Giving maps to 
all those who buy tickets could pOSSibly 
be arranged. I have heard that some 
organIzations give out maps when the 
tickets are sold. 

In shon, the lost La Jollan may be 
stamped out in our lifetime, and the 
cultural events at UCSD may be 
presented with less frustration to the 
taxpayers who have already paid for 
them. Drop us a line 

W 
E 
L 
C 
o 
M 
E 
B 
A 
C 
K 
I 

The Guardian invites our readers to make use of the opinion 
section as an open forum (0 present and exchange their views 
on any subject. Letters and articles may be sent to the Opinion 
Editor at the Guardian , B-016, UCSD, La Jolla , CA 92093 or 
brought (0 our offices adjacent to the Che Cafe. Requirements 
for letters and Commentary pieces are outlined below. 
Commentary pieces may be submitted by any concerned 
individual. Pieces should be typed double-spaced on a 72-
character line. Anicles may be rebuttals (0 a Guardian story or 
letter. Whatever the subject, the writer should focus on a clear 
thesis. We reserve the right to edit for clarity and style, but all 
major changes will be cleared with the author whenever 
possible. Any subject of general interest (0 UCSD students will 
be publication. Letters may be edited when space requires, and 
spelling and grammatical errors may be corrected . The writer's 
name and phone number must accompany every anicle and 
letter. 

Imagine the career 
you want. 

In the country 
you love. 

Then do more than imagine. Experience il. With Mororola's 
Semiconduclor Products Seclor-lhe inlernallonal leader in the 
research, developmenl and manufacture of microeleclronic components 
and systems. Our lechnology has earned us a reputation of 
uncompromising quality. In Ihe Uniled Stales. And around the world. 

If you would like to have a solid career wailing for you at home, 
consider Motorola. We are seeking individuals who are cilizens of and 
who desire to work in: • Tokyo, Japan. G_.a, Switzerland · Hone 
Kong· Malaysia . Guadalaj ..... Mexico and Munich, W, GermlJlY. 
The following full·time posilions exisl in Ihese disciplines for graduates 
wilh the required degree. 

Design Engineers. Assembly, Manuracturing • Flu! Test Engineers 
• Quality Control Engineers. Platie Engineers. Producrlon 
Supervisor. Facilities Engineer Posilions require BSlMS 
EleclricallMechanical Engineering 

MIS PrOllRml1lfl'lAnalyst Posilion requires lIS Compuler Science, 
Math or BuSlllesS 

Safety Engineer . Procns Engineer Posilions require OS Chemical 
Engineering 

Materials, Trame Posi tion requires lIS Malerials Manaacmem 
Financial Analyst Position requires MBA FinancelAccountlllg 
ShippinlliRecehing Administration Position requires BS/BA 

We also have several summer internship poo;itlons available in 
Malaysia. This program i. for BSlMS Eleclrical Engmeering studenlS 
who are, at least, in Iheir sophomore year and who want to work in 
Malaysia the lasl lWO summers prior 10 gradualion. 

Whal could be ... is. At MOlorola's Semiconduclor Producls Sector. 

IMMIGRATION ' 
Forma' loN5. ~"'" 11 ~ 
~IOI ... hInCIc .. millltllllon ~ 

IndudInS 

• ,.,. ..... 111 .... 
.M ........... 
• T ... a.-'WOIk ..... 

.~ 

.... 11 ....... 
• DIpoNlan 
• ..... WillIatIon 

We prO\IIdc ___ r __ ftc InIIIII 
c:onUt.MIon. For _ ~tbllllllan all: 

1obatK.-
AllllMFMYw 

734 s...!Ih A ......... s.n.,.. CA 91101 

ACltOSS 
I LSAI 
2 GMAI 
lGAE 

~ MCAI 
5 0AI 
• MAl 
7 PeAl 
• ileAl 

, VAl 
lD 10HL 
" , SAl 
12 P~ AI 
13 , AI 
U ~\ I 
IS M~KP 

6NotlS 

DOW. 
1 NM8 
2 VilE 
3 ECfMl, 
4 f LEX 
S NOB 
'NPB I 
1 NCB I 
• (Xl' N ~, 

' GRE PSYCH 
11 CRE 810 
11 ACHIEVEMENI S 
12 NUA~ING H05 
13 CPA 
14 SPEW RfAOINIo 
1& ESI REVIE ..... 
II INIAO ro 

LAW SCHOOl 

~-H. 
MPIAN 
EllUCATlOHAL CENTER 

f I' t h ' f.," 1\ 1o'\I1 "' ~' -1 

San Diego Center 

MOTOROLA INC. 

The career you wanl. In the counlr~ you love. For immediale 
consideralion. Wrile 10: Fred Miles, Imernalional World Marketing 
Group, Motorola Semiconductor Products Sector, I 140 S. Priest Dr .. 
Tempe. AZ 85281. MOlorola is an Equal OpportunllylAffirmalive 
AClion Employer. What could be ••• is. 

2180 Gamet Ave., Suite 2D 
Pacific Beach 92109 
(619) 27~10 

Semiconductor Products Sector M.L McNut1y, AdminlstrotOl' 

, . 

Abortion on camp-us 

Facing reality: 
The choices available 
By CHRISTOPHER CANOLE 

A bortion. Before you immediately react to this word, ask yourself how much you reaUy know about it. All of us have had our emO{ions 
assaulted by pro- and anti- abortionists' photographs 
graphicaly depicting second and third trimester 
abortions or children born deformed, both of which 
are the exception rather than the rule . What are the 
facts and fallacies of abonion? like many of the 
complex issues at UCSD, to gain a complete 
understanding and develop a balanced emotional and 
rational attitude towards the campus policies on 
abortion requires time and effon. But without any 
preliminary information or discussion. a UCSD woman 
with an unwanted pregnancy is no better off than 
women who faced the issue TWO thousand years ago. 

In the first century AD, the Christian church entered 
into debate with the Roman Empire over the Roman 
custom of using abonion as a form of birth COntrol. 
Even though the church and state had opposing views 
they both accepted Anstotle's view that the soul 
devloped in three stages; the vegetable soul (at 
conccpnon), the animal soul and nnaU)', the rational 
soul. The cmical ranonal soul was determined to 
develop at 40 days after conception for a male and BO 
days after conception for a female. The church, in 
accordance with this theory, punished abortion only if 
performed after the rational soul became animated. In 
1588, Pope Sixtus V canceUed the 4O/BO-day rule and 
declared excommunication as punishment for 
abonions. This was pan of an overall anti-sex 
campaign which made adultery a hanging offense. 
Three years later, Pope Gregory XIV revoked this rule 
and returned to the 4O-day grace period for abortion, a 
decision which lasted until 1869. 

For the next 104 years, abortion was illegal in the 
Uni ted States. The 1973 "Roe vs. Wade" Supreme 
Court deCision made abonlon lega&y available to 
women. In June of 1983, that decision was reaffirmed 
when the Supreme Court struck down local and state 
restrictions, and the US Senate rejected a proposed 
constitutional amendment that would have aUowed the 
states and Congress to regulate abortions. During the 
104 years before the current US abortion canon, if a 
woman became pregnant by accident, she either risked 
an illegal, often dangerous operation, or bore the child, 
no matter what the consequences. 

Today, the UCSD Womens' Clinic, located in the 
Health Center, provides counseling services to assist 
women and their sexual partners in considering the 
consequences of an unwanted pregnancy, abortion, 
birthing or failure to use birth control methods. 
Christine Oakley, coordinator of the Womens' CliniC, 
usuaUy receives first contact with a woman student 
when her period is late. If this occurs wllhi n 42 days 

01 her last menstrual period, she can obtain a free 
urine test in the morning and receive the results that 
afternoon. "If the results come up negative we set an 
appointment to counsel the student on her use of binh 
control methods ," said Oakley. "If the tests are pOSitive , 
we discuss the options to continue or nor continue her 
pregnancy," 

During this last school year, 107 UCSD women had 
positive results on their urine tests. 90 chose abortion 
as an option and 17 continued their pregnancies 
(some of these were planned pregnancies). "At least 
half of the unwanted pregnancies resulted because the 
student took a risk during her sexual encounter," said 
Oakley. But Oakley noted that no birth control method 
is 100% effective. One study calculated that even if 
every fertile woman in the US used either the Pill or 
the IUD, the TWO most effective methods, there would 
still be beTWeen 200,000 and 400,000 unwanted 
pregnancies a year. "A diaphragm Isn't gomg to work if 
it's left on the night table," said Oakley. Students often 
go Without birth control, either because they worry that 
their parents might find contraceptive deVIces at home 
or because they don't want to admit that they're 
preparing to have sex. Many do not know that birth 
control information seminars are held TWice a week at 
the Womens' Clinic. 

·One of the myths is that abonion is an easy 
deCision for a woman to make," Oakley said. "It is a 
learning experience, but not a simple task. Most 
women are glad to be able to continue 10 their 
schooling because they made this choice, but it takes a 
lot of thought. Our counseling is open to the woman, 
her sexual partner and any friends I usuaUy a sister or 
close woman friendl ." When a woman is having 
difficulty resolving the religiOUS aspects of a possible 
abortion, Oakley 'refers her to the campus religious 
services. 

There is nO{ a typical person who seeks abonion 
here at UCSD: said Oakley. "The women range in age 
from 18 to over 3D, are from all four colleges and come 
from all social and economic and religious 
backgrounds. Any studem registered at the time of 
conception is eligible for UCSD Regisllation Fees 
funding of a first trimester abortion . This fund can 
only be used once during a school year: 

There have been some legal chaUenges to the use of 
Reg Fees for abortions in the past at UCSD. 

On December 12, 1978, three UCSD students filed 
suit in Superior Cowt, asking that a fund be 
~stablished to exclude a p<mion of tbei r Reg Fees 
which provided for abortion counseling, abomon 
referral and abonions through the mandatory health 
insurance program. Assistant Vice-Chancelor for 
Academic Services, Harold Temmer, refused to accept 

ARlit 9ge :\.\.!I 

the "validity' of the trust and also turned down the 
offer of the students to pay that part of their fees not 
involved with abort ions. As the controversy continued, 
the number of protesters expanded to seven students 
from UCSD, six from UCD and four from UCB. The 
attorney for the plaintiffs expressed reluctance when 
his clients requested that photographs of 14 aborted 
fetuses and premature babies be submitted as 
evidence. 

The UC defense attorney requested that the case be 
dismissed, as the University had a long standing right 
to set fees. He also said that the protesting students' 
religiOUS beliefs were not being violated because they 
were not compeUed to participate directly in abortion. 
The ruling was in favor of continuing funds for the 
Womens' Clinic services, which are conducted with 
total confidentiality to avoid any public condemnation. 

Most abortions are performed in the first trimester. If 
conducted at this time, the abortion is actuaUy safer 
than a continued pregnancy by a factor of four, based 
on the number of deaths of the mother per 100,000. 

If a student decides to terminate her pregnancy, she 
is referred to a priva te doctor with a voucher from the 
University to cover most of the COSts. The student is 
also asked to complete an evaluation form on the 
doctor's care and treatment. 

Vacuum aspiration is now considered the safest and 
most effective method for first-trimester abortions, 
having largely replaced the older method of dilation· and 
curettage . The entire procedure usually takes about 3-5 
minutes and is extremely safe, according to a Womens' 
Clinic handout. 

Followi ng the procedure, many women experience 
some bleeding which IS not a period , but is a result of 
the blood vessels in the uterus opening more during 
pregnancy. This discharge of blood may occur 
immediately or within a week follOWing the procedure. 
During this time, the woman IS fentle and can become 
pregnant agam If btrth control is not used. 

As to the longer-term phYSical effects, there IS no 
evidence that having a vacuum aspiration abortion 
interferes with a woman's abilIty to concewe again. 

The psychological effects of abortion may be 
substantial, for pregnancy and ItS termmatlon are 
significant events. According to several psychologIcal 
stud ies, most women interviewed shortly after abortion 
say they felt relief and some reported a positive sense 
of being in control of their lIves; 50% or more also 
reponed some feeli ngs of sadness. The fact is, abonion 
is not something you can forget as if it never 
happened; its emotlonal effects can be long-lasting. 
The emotional strain of an abo rtion may also have a 
major effect on the student and her partner. 
Unresolved resentment or guilt may threaten even the 
most stable relationship. 

"After the student has completed the procedure, we 
strongly recommend that the student and her partner 
seek birth control counseling from the Womens' Clinic 
to reduce the possibility of a repeated unwanted 
pregnancy," said Oakley~ The clinic provides 
information and counseling on the use of the piO, 
mini-pill, diaphragm, foam and condom, and IUD; 
their effectiveness and health precautions. 

An unwanted pregnancy is obviously not something 
a person desires. By learning and conSistently using an 
effective birth control method, sexual partners can 
reduce the risk of having to conSIder abortion. But if a 
pregnancy should occur, the informed person can also 
reduce the physical and psychological risks involved 
when deciding to either continue or terminate the 
pregnancy. 

. ~~ .. S AllY S,!foe. 
April 1st through April 15th 

IEAT lHOSE HIGH 
~MRSITY COPY COSTS. 

Don't forget. AD You Can Eat 5pajhetti -S2!1O -Monday NIles 
Open for Breald'ast at 7:00 am 

Phone Ahead: 452-0661 AI Items A""deble to Gol 
5 minutes 60m the UCSD 

KITCHEN 

• Binding • Passport • stationery 
• Fokting PhotOS. Typewriter 

8855 Villa La Jolla 
Drive 

457-3775 
Near Ralph's & 
Sav-On Drugs 

Fast -
Quality 
Service 

Open 7 
Days 



8 Al'nl 2. 1984 
!'lEWS " 
~ ,,' ;/ '" •• ' - ..... "::.:<7.1:.'. • ~~ d(~ • ~ ,~" " • 

Why- wait, nuke now! 

Nuclear war asa 'rational' possibility 
By MICHAEL S. KRASNER 

Prescription for Prevention: The 
Consequences of uclearism on 
American Medicine and ociety. a 
symposium organized by the Orange 
County Chapter of Physicians for Social 
Responsibility and sponsored by the 
University of California, Irvine 
Extension, took place last week at the 
Anaheim Convention Center. The 
program, designed for physicians, 
medical studentS, health professionals 
and the general public to present 
nuclear war as a "rational" possibility , 
consisted of lectures by prominent 
speakers, ranging from health 
professionals, a public elected olficial 
and a vice admiral. 

Lecture topics included "Nuclear 
Attack: The Medicine and Morality of 
Civtl Defense: 'The Role of the 
Physician: The Hippocratic Imperative 
in the Nuclear Age' and "The 
Psychology of War and Peace ." Panel 
discussions of questions from the 
audience by the speakers occurred at 
the end of the morning and afternoon 
sessions. 

Nonnan Cousins, Adjunct Professor of 
Medical Humanities at UCLA, noted 
jou rnalist and author of AnaronlY oj an 
J/lness , described nuclear war, in the 
words of Pope John XXIII, as "a war of 
man against God: for nuclear war could 
destoy that which does n0t belong to 
man: Said Cousins, ' Nuclear war is 
Ind iscriminate ." Cousins expressed that 

the rom of conlhcl berween the 
superpowers is not one of ideology, 
rather of the thirst for power and the 
desire to COntrol. He stated that the real 
chaUenge of our centUlY is to "create a 
world law for which every nation is a 
participant: 

Sheila Tobias, author of Overcoming 
Mach Anxiety and the People 's Guide to 
Na!lonal Defense , gave a historical 
perspective of the nuclear arms race and 
discussed the current US defense policy 
in a concise and.demystifying manner. 
She depicted that policy as one not of 
nuclear deterrence. Instead, the current 
movement of the defense establishment 
IS to possess the abil ity to "prevail after 
a nuclear war," where victory is 
indicated by the possession of more 
nuclear bombs left in our arsenal , after 
the war, than th e enemy. 

Dr. Jack Geiger, a founding member 
of PhYSicians for Social Respons ibiliry 
and co-author of its fi rst major 
publications on the medical and 
environmental effects of nuclear 
weapons in 1962, spoke of the 
immoraliry of the government's civil 
defense planning policy [or a nuclear 
attack. He expressed the sentiment that 
phYSician involvement in civil defense 
planning is unethical and deceitful. He 
paralleled an endorsement of that policy 
to the unethical act of a physician 
falsely reassun ng a death row convict 
Jusr prior to the con VIer'S electrocutlon . 

Gordon Adams, Defense Budget 
Project Director for the Center on 
Budget Priorities in Washington, IX. 
discussed the economic effects of the 
current level of spending for defense. 
He described communities whose 
economies rely heavily on the defense 
industry as hostages to the Pentagon, 
with no real job security for their 
workers. He gave evidence that. due to 
the capital intensive nature of the 
defense industry, increases in defense 
spending do not necessarily translate 
into increases in employment, by 
showing that sizable increases in 
co ntracts to McDonneU Douglas and 
General Dynamics had occurred with 
concomitant decreases in their labor 
forces. Adams concluded that a strong 
defense is not one that relies on 
expensive and dangerous nuclear 
weapons , and that the US is a "rich 
country suffering from a poverty of 
priOrities ... 

Larry Agran, Mayor of Irvine, 
California , and founder of Local Elected 
Olficials for Social Responsibiliry, an 
organization of elected officials 
throughout the US whose goal is to offer 
a unique "Main Street perspective in 
support of the national movement to 
reverse the anns race," discussed the 
local , as weU as global nature of the 
nuclear weapons issue. He pointed out 
that money spent on defense is 
"robbed" from our Cities and described 

Didn't you know that if you're a senior with the promise of a $lO,CXXJ 
career-oriented job, you could have the American Express Card? 

Where have you been? 
Asleep? 
Because for some time American Express has been saying that we believe 

in your future. But even more than that. We believe in you now. And we've 
been proving it. A $10,000 job. That's it. No strings. No gimmicks. And this 
offer is even good for 12 months after you graduate. 

But why do you need the American Express Card now? First of all, it's a 
good way to begin to establish your credit history. And you know that's 
important. Of course, the Card is also good for vacation travel, as well as 
for shopping for things like a new stereo or furniture. And because the Card 
is recognized and welcomed worldwide, 
so are you. 

So caIlBOO-528-8000 for a Special 
Student Application or look for one at 
your college bookstore or on your 
campus bulletin boards. 

The American Express Card. Don't 
leave school without it:" 

Look for an application on campus. 

the need for a "CMSR (Congressional 
Members for Social Rcsponsibiliry)" and 
a ·PFPSR (President and Future 
Presidents for Social Responsibiliry): 

The day ended climactkaUy as Dr. 
Helen Cakiicott, pediatrician and 
President Emeritus of PhySicians for 
Social Responsibility, gave an inspiring 
closing address. Caldicoo, who, along 
with her husband, has given up her 
medical practice to devore an her 
energies to the abolition of nuclear 
weapons, described her futility with 
practicing medicine in the face of 
nuclear war. She spoke of a meeting she 
had with President Reagan laS! year and 
how distressed she was by his 
ignorance regarding the nuclear 
weapons issue and by his obS!inance to 
listen. She lambastrd American citizens 
for not participating in their democracy 
and challenged each of us to exercise 
our rights. Caldicoo feels that we, as 
American citizrns, have 7lh. months to 
save the world. We can accomplish this 
by taking the responsibiliry 10 pur 
someone into the Presidential office 
who win be truly responsive to the 
needs of the people and the planet. 

••• 

Cassette tape recordings of the 
lectures are available through the Orange 
County Chapter of Physicians for Social 
Responsibiliry, P.O. Box 11691 , Santa 
Ana, Californta, 927L1. 

Each year ccn:er 
strikes 120 ,000 
people in our work 
force, CWlG causes our 
economy 10 lose 
more than $10 billion 
In eamings. Earnings 
that Amencan 
workers mlQht stili be 
generaltng " they had 
known the si~e 
facts on how to 
protect themselves 
frorncancec 

Protect your 
erTl)Ioyees. your 

corTlliJ1~ and 
yourself ... cat your 
toea unit 01 the 
Arnerica1 C;n;er 
Soaely and ask lor 
their free panphlet, 
"HelpIng 'Ibtx 
~IoProlecl 
Themselves Against 

Cwlcer:" Start ! you' oorTl)II'ly on a policy of good heath today! 
..... CIIIIIr ... 

New poll indicates 
conselVative trend 

The J 13 srudents surveyed by the 
ASUCSD Lobby Annex on February J 4-
16 supponed issues uaditionaUy 
opposed by students and indicated that 
they would VOle for Ronald Reagan this 
year. . 

The student stance on the bIlateral, 
verifiable nuclear anns freeze remained 
liberal, however, with 62% or both 
upper- and lowerclassmen supponing 
the freeze . 

Jeff Meyer, Student Lobby Annex 
dIrector, indicated shock at the 
conservative statistICS: "Apparendy 
students don't know whar Reagan has 
done 10 the University throughout his 
lifetime. He screwed us as Governor and 
now he's screwing us again as President. 
We would not be paying the fees we do 
today if Reagan had not instituted the 
'educational' ree in 1970. And it's not 
hard to figure OUt why federal momes 
for research and financial aid have 
vinuaBy dried up in the past three 
years: 

Students supponed an additional $20 
fee to construcl a ncw U niversiry 
Center, showing that the Umversiry 
Center referendum expected spring 
quarter will probably pass. 

Twenty-three percent of the 
upperclassmen polled had been Victims 
of housing discrimination because they 
were students. A biB to outlaw housing 
discrimination on the basis of student 
SlaWS railed in FeblWry because several 
Legislators feb thar, -The problem just 
didn't exist." Meyer stared that the UC 
Student Lobby would have the 

discrimination bill reinstated as soon as 
possible. 

Sixty-eight percent of lowerclassmen 
felt that the Solomon Amendment, 
which requires proof of draft registration 
for financial aid , should be applied to 
State forms of financial aid . This would 
make it virtuaUy impossible for non-
registrants to rCLcive financial aid . The 
UC Student Lobby tS currently opposing 
legislation extending the concept of thc 
Solomon Amendment 10 the state level. 

A typical !JCSD ntO-cOftSavacrVe. 

.itZ 4·: :&<",.t 
thCl.~ ,.,,'~ 
~/4UC:Wm.kt ... 
You need accurate information in a 
prof...tonaleettinQ with 
CJUUuteed confidentiality. 
You'll find it at ... 

•

• FAMILY PLANNING 
ASSOCIATES 
MEDICAL GROUP 

• Free preQlWlCJ t .. tiDQ 
• PNeJDADcy terminations with 

Qeneral or local aneethesia 
• 8irtIa ccmtrol • CouuelinQ 
oll,.~r .... *gI*lIId .... IUIJIIOi .... ' " In.-
vtdIng ... va. VOl! need "lIIafbdlble price. WIt 8CCIPI 
....eel.,.... .......... VISA. fI._IC8I1I. 

--
1415 AIvIrIdD RII. 
(111) Z17·an 

STUDY IN EUROPE 
1M ~ of LouwIIn (elt. 1 ... ) 

~,IeIgk.m 
oIerI 

COWLE1E PIlOQIAMt8 IN PHlLOSOPIfV 
FOIlHE DEQES OF I.A., M.A., 1M) PhD. 

PLUS A JUNIOR VEAl AlIOAD PIoraRAMME 
All courI8S are In english 
Tuitton Is 11.500 BelgIum Fronks (±S250) 
wrtte 10: Seae1aV english Programmes 

Kardlnaal MercIerpIeIn 2 
B-.'DXl L.euven, Belgium 

K U Leuven-----' 

TheM a.. the ...... 01 the Lobby Annex poll 
~ February 14-16 on Revelle PIcDa (113 
...... Ifs polled). All tI .... ,.. .. nt pelOelllage 01 
...... Ifs polled. 

The Solomon Amendment requires financial aid 
recipients to show proof of draft registration in order to 
receive federal financial aid. Most financial aid offices 
have successfully circumvented the regulation by 
awarding non-registrants state aid In place cI federal 
aid, Do you feel that the Solomon Amendment should 
apply to all forms of financial aid? 
Upperclaumen Lowerctaasrnei1 
Yes No Don't Know Yes No Don't Know 
G ~ a ~ ~ 6 
Have you ever been denied housing because you 

were a student? 
Upperclaumen 
Yes No Don't Know 

Lowerclaamen 
Yes No Don't Know 

23 73 4 0 41 59 
Do you support the construction of a University Center, 

if each student would hove to pay an additional $20 per 
quarter? 
Upperclaumen 
Yes No Don't Know 

Lowerclaumen 
Yes No Don't Know 

46 G 12 47 32 21 
Do you support the concept of a bilateral, verifiable 

nuclear arms freeze? 
Upperclaumen 
Yes No Don't Know 

Lowerclaumen 
Yes No Don't Know 

62 35 3 62 2A 14 
Do you plan to vote for Reagan this year? 

Upperclaumen Lowerclaamen 
Yes No Don't Know Yes No Don't Know 
31 23 39 ... 33 23 

r-----11I-YOGOIT(UI'U------1 
NexttoBig Bear Mkr cSo. the POIItOfflce in UniversiryCily,Cor""r ofGov.,..nor Dr. cSo. Regrnrs Road, : 

ONE FREE 50% YOGURT 
..---FLA VORS:--"'"I wi'" the purcluue of 

an, ocher site :YOX'UTt! Chooolate Rupberry 80ytenberry Praline'N'Cream 
Chooolate Mint Vanilla 
Lemon Strawberrycheetecake 
Strawberry Mocha 
Pumpkin Peanut Butter 
Coconut Blueberrycheaecake. 

La Joll. Vii'" Orin r i LNext to I UTe 
~Bia" 

II * Dr. 
Call usfordailyflavon: 457·2339 ~ 
THIS COUPON GOOD FOR ONE FREE 50% YOGURT 
WITH THE PURCHASE OF ANY OTHER SIZE YOGURT 
* ............ , .. * Only Z~ M'les Away! One Coupon Per Cuetomel' 
_~_~~!2'!r:..~~,:~~~.:. ':i:.Sa~.:O.:..~":".:O~=:..S~~l2.~~-.J 

PERMS $2495 
Includes: 

• Shampoo 
• Conditioner 

only 

HAIRCUTS $995 
Includes: 

• Shampoo 
• Conditioner 

only 

OPEN 7 DAYS 
APPOINTMENT NOT NECESSARY 

UNIVERSITY TOWNE CENTER -455-0420 



The Weekly Calendar 
-Meetings 

MONDAY-FRIDAY 
1:J0-4:00 pm - Drop-in Hours: For 
questions pertaining to career planning, 
job hunting, resume critiquing, etc.. .. 
appointments may also be scheduled in 
the momings by calling career Services 
Center at 452-3750. In HlIOsa. 
MONDAY 
101.,1130 .... - Graduate School 
Advising. Planning on graduate school 
after UCSD? After you attend a 
Graduate Advising Seminar, Drop-in at 
this time and talk to an advisor for more 
specific or detailed information. 
Sponsored by Career Services Center. In 
the Student Center Bldg. A. 

Noon-IIOG ant - On-campus-
Interviev.ling Orientation. If you are 
interested in partidpating in the on-
ca"1>us interviewing this quarter, it is 
mandatory that}Uu attend one of these 
orientations before you interview. 
Sponsored by Career Services Center. In 
the Revelle Formal Lounge. 
1145-).. pm - Mock Interview. 
Seeing and hearing yourself on 
~ can help put the finishing 

~ on ~eY.I skills. Prerequisite: 
Interviewing skills workshop. Call 
Career Services Center at 452-3750 to 
make an appointment In HlIOsa. 

TUESDAY 

10:)0-111)0 am - law/MBA 
Advising. Law or MBA school group 
advising hours for any questions 
concerning the application process for 
law school or MBA programs, see the 
Pre-Law/Management acMsor on an 
intormal basis. No appointments 
necessary, but it is advisable to caU first 
at 452-4939 if open hours are being 
held. In the Student Center Bldg. A 

ZaJ0-4a., pm - Drop-in acMsing in 
open session for Pre-Medical and Pre-
Dental students. No appointment 
necessary, but it is acMsabIe to call first 

to confirm that the session will be hefd. 
Sponsored by the Health ScIences 
Advisory Program: Career Services 
Center. In the Student Cernr Bldg. A 
MDNIISDAY 
9rJO-111JO .... - DroJHn advising In 
open session for Pre-Medical and Pre-
Dental students. No appointment 
,necessary, but it is advisable to caR first 
to confirm that the session will be held. 
Sponsored by the Health Sciences 
Advisory Program: Career Services 
Center. In the Student: Center Bldg. A 
2 ... JIOO pm - Resume Writing 
WOrkshop. Leam how to write an 

effective ~me. Start the process here 
then have your ~sume critiqued by a 
Career Services C~r Advisor. A must 
for on-campus interviewing. In the 
Revelle Formal Lounge. 
2.oo-J ... pm - Graduate AcMsing 
Seminar. PIamIng on graduate school? 
For information on application 
procl!dures. le~rs of~, 
statement of purposes and admissions 
criteria, attend one of these seminars by 
signing up at the Career Services Center: 
Student Center Bldg. A. 452-4939. 
THURSDAY 
- Interested in the health pro~ 1 

20 minutes private appointments for 

career plamlng acMce for students 
inte~ted In health careers. Ca. In 
advance for appoinbllel'1t. but no earlier 
than one week. Health Sciences 
Advisory Program 452-4939. In the 
Student Center. Bldg. A. TtlJrsday and 
Friday momings. 
10100-11100 _ - InteMewing Sldlls 
WOrkshop. 00 }'OU need help in 
p~ring for job Inten/iews: Some tips 
on the best wtI)'S to present your 
qualifications and what kind of 
interview questions to expect. 
Sponsored by Career Services Center. In 
the Revelle Formall.otxlge. 

Recreation 
_DNESDAY 
51OO-6aJO pM - Language Tables -
French, German, Spanish. Every . 

Wednesday 5-6:30 pm at Revelle South 
Dining Hall. Take advantage of this 
opportunity to converse casually over 
dinner. Further information 455-0157. In 
the Revelle South Dining Hall. 

6100 pm - UCSD Sailing Club. NeY.I 
meeting time and place, APM 2202 
Wednesday 6 pm. Nev.I members 
welcome. No sailing experience 
necessary. 

Religious FunCtIons 
MONDAY .... DAY 
5110 pm - catholic Mass. Sponsored 
by the Catholic Community at lX:SO. In 
the lhveristy lutheran Church. 
TUUDAY 

Photos: Rich Pegak 

7 ... 00 pm - Asian American 
ChrIstian Fello'NShip (MCFJ Is hailing its 
first /l'ftting of the year. Come join us 
and lind out \Nhat we are all about. 
EveI)O'le is welc:ome to join our 
fellowship. Refreshments provided. In 
'the North C~ Room, Student 
Center. 
MDNDDAY 
7..., ..... - InterVarsity Christian 
Fellowship. Rrst meeting ofthequarterl 
COfTI'! and join us for a great time of 
singing fellowship and study. All a~ 
welcome. In the R~le Formal Lounge. 
10.00 pili - Candlelight Mass. 
Sponsored by the Catholic Community 
at :.JCSO. In the Chapel of the University 
lutheran C~rch. 
THURSDAY 

. 1141 pm - Th.Irsday night dinner. 
EI')joy good food and good company. 
Sponsored by the Catholic Community 
at UCSO. In the l.JnIIiersity lutheran 
Church. Admission $2. 
SAlUIDAY 
5100 pm - Catholic Mass. Sponsored 
by the Catholic Community at UCSO. In 
the Uliversity lutheran Church. 
SUNDAY 
IIJO .... - Catholic Mass. Sponsored 
by the Catholic Community at UCSO. In 
the U1iversity lutheran ChurCh. 
10110 .... - Catholic Mass. Sponsored 
by the Catholic Community at lX:SO. In 
the Student Center. Bldg. B., lower /evel 
conference room. 
5.00 pm - Catholic Mass. Sponsored 
by the Catholic Community at lX:SO. In 
the University lutheran Church. 



12 April 2, 1984 
~l-.W~ 

Sacralllento 
con flnued Jrom page J 
prerogative of the guvernur: she -aid. 

Campbell said she W<lS also 
concerned with the reappOintments of 
Regents Campbell and W,ukins who 
have a history of supporti ng higher 
student fees and tuition: "For srudenrs, 
their appointments are disheartening." 

either Campbell nor Watkins could 
be reached for commenr. 

According to the Governor's press 
office, there were plenty of applicants 
ready to repla 'e the former Regents, but 
the Governor considered Campbell and 
Watkins "equally weU qualified," press 
secretary Kevin Brett said. 

The Governor's olTice did not deny 
that Hope's appointment was 
conSidered because or pressure from the 
an Diego ommunity ror representation 

on the board . However, Brett said it was 
only one or many considerallons . 

"Geography IS a factor but not the 
only or limiting factor," he saId. 

Breit said Deukmejian had never 
promised to appoint a San Diegan to 
the board , as Los Angeles Mayor Tom 
Bradley had during hIS gubematonal 
campaign. Hope was chosen because of 
his "success in both business and 
education: Brett said. 

. 

He said hIS interest in servlllg on the 
Board of Regents stems from hIS ramily's 
anendance and involvement in the 
University. Hope graduated from 
Berkeley 111 1952, and is now chair of a 
San DIego architectural and englileering 
firm . 

Addresslllg the Issue of student fees , 
Hope s;ud those who can aflord to pay 
lor their education should and those 
who cannot should not be demed 
entrance to the Ul1lverslty Hope IS 
opposed to tUllIon 

''l'm not 111 tavor of across-the-board 
tU Ition: he said. 

Besides not bClI1g ~Lisfied with the 
appointment, Campbell said the process 
by which the appointments were made 
and her limited involvement 111 It, gave 
her "very little hope of I nfluencll1g the 
Governor's deciSion ." 

Campbell received the Govcmor's 
proposed regent appointments along 
with their resumes February 23 and was 
asked to re pond to them by March 6. 
The committee did nO! meet as a whole 
and did not see any other applications 
except those sent by the Govemor, 
Campbell said . 

When asked the purpose of the 
committee, she responded , "[Its purpose 
is 10 create I the Illusion that these 
regents' appointments had been 
co nsidered by a varied group." 

Press offIcer for Senate PreSident Pro 
Tempore DaVid Roberti (D-Los Angeles), 
a committee member, con [I rmed the 
regents selection J"I'ocess Jnd said It is a 
practice of the Governor and past 
governor's to make their 
recommcndatlons and then request 
members' comments. 

The Governor's Advisory Selection 
Committee for the Regents of the 
University of Calilornia was created by 
Proposition 4 in 1974 to serve as an 
appointed adviSOry group 10 the 
governor on regents appOintments. The 
group is comprised of 12 members from 
the Legislature, University, regents and 
public senor. 

The Governor's appOintments are 
subject to confirmation by the coate . 
Health Sciences uncut 

Untvers ity of Cahfornta officials 
walked away smiling from th~ Monday, 
March 19 legislalll'e budget hearing alter 
the Senate Fmance Subcomrnmee 
refused the Govemor's proposed 
funding cut to UniverSity health 
sCiences and supported an increase m 
hard sCiences graduate enrollments. 

. . ~ . '-';-;,- . 

The subcommittee voted 10 return 
$7 .2 million into the University health 
sCiences programs, and consequently 
opened up the issue to the review of the 
Legi slature . 

Governor George Deukmejian had 
informed the UniverSity , during budget 
negotiations, that he could not replace 
the $7.2 million which was cut from the 
1983-84 health sciences budget. The 
University decided to absorb the cuts by 
further health science program 
reductions beginning in the 1965-80 
academic year. 

UC Vice President for Health Affairs 
Cornelius Hopper said the University's 
decision to make cutS in health sciences 
was based on surplus of physiCians in 
California and the marked growth in 
University health sciences programs. 

"The University has been under a 
tremendous amount of pressure to 
consider reduction in health sciences," 
he said . 

Committee members weren't 
convi nced. SenatOr Walter Stlem (0-
Bakersfield) was concerned about 
student access and demand for these 
programs and the need for physicians 
111 rural parts of the state . 

Senator Ken Maddy (R-Fresno) 
echoed Suern's sentiment before those 
present at the hearing: "The 
subcommittee believes this program 
should not be cut for the next year." 

Upon further review of the 
committee's action by respective budget 
committees, the University may either 
receive the needed runding for health 
sciences or the Legislature may change 
the Umversity's budget priorities, Dan 
Wall, Senate Finance Commlltce 
consult;lnt , said. 

Wall conSidered the commlttce's 
action a posltlve one ror the Umverslry. 
If the Legis lature approves the funding 
and the Governor "blue pencils" It, the 
Un iversi ty loses nOlhing, he said . 

Aliens ineligible for residency 
In a successful last chance effort, 

SenalOr John eymour (R-Orange) 
brought his student residency 
requirement bill before the Senate 
Education Committee. Under thc 
measure, illegal aItens would not be 
eligible for residency status and would 
be subject to non-resident student fees. 
The bill passed in the committee hya 7-
2 VOle. 

Due 10 a special rule waiver, the bill 
was allowed to be heard for the fourth 
time by the education committee. Mter 
three hearings in the same committee, 
bills are automatically kiUed . 

Seymour introduced the measure to 
clarify a January 1, 1984 law which has 
caused confusion among legislators and 
postsecondary institutions as to the 
tuition statuS of undocumented aliens . 

The new law, introduced by 
Assemblymember Art Agnos (D-San 
Francisco) has been interpreted as 
allOWing aliens to I'srahlish residency in 
Ihe same way as US citizens. California 
residency status requires seven years in 
the US and one year in the state. 

The measure's next StOP is the Senate 
Finance Committee. 
Earthquake safety bill 

In other committee business, Senator 
Petris introduced an earthquake safety 
education bill , The measure would 
require thc California Seismic Safety 
Commission to contract with the 
University, through the UC Berkeley 
Lawrence Hall or Science, to coordi nate 
a statewide project on earthquake safety 
and preparedness. 

The bill passed unanllnously with no 
debate. 

The htll would appropnate $525,000 
from the California Environmental 
License Plate Fund over the next three 
years ror the program. It next goes to 
the Senate Finance Committee. 

Ninth-week 
nightmare 
By JEFF EASTER 

A.~ the weather gradually changed 
from sunny benevolence to damp 
idoominess, my coursewor!: advanced 
from a state of vigorous challenge to that 
of overwhelming nightmare. I would sit 
deep in the cobwebbed recesses of the 
Urey Hall basement, beyond where 
students have tred before, buried in 
large volumes of equatiOns formulated by 
long-clead men with strange-sounding 
names. What did Blasius mean when he 
heaped all those deltas and sigmas in a 
massive pile? Why did Eckenfelder 
integrate delta x from infinity to zero? 
And why was Fourier even born? 

Mter several weeks of mental abuse, I 
staggered wearily to my TA's ollice 
hours. I trudged slowly up the Urey HaD 
stairway, desperately trying to think of a 
way that I could squeeze some 
knowledge out of the TA without letting 
on that I didn't possess even a 
rudimentary understanding of the 
homework. 

I strode confidently and purposefully 
into my TA's olTice standing tall and 
erect I boldly surveyed the situation. 
Af'Itr careful thought I quiCkly and 
Silently slunk into the closest comer. 

The TA, a short Oriental with a 
disarming "I know something you don't 
know" smile, leaned on the chalkboard, 
a well-worn piece of chalk dangling 
from between his fingers. As I cowered 
in the comer, I quickly realized that 
everyone else was jUst as timid and 
clueless as I was. 

The TA muttered something 
unintelligible, and I could feel the whole 
group tremble. None of us was sure of 
what he said, but each of us feared it 
was a question directed at himself. 
Everyone glanced nelVously around at 
each other, and finally one bold soul, an 
obnoxious girl who asked an the 
questions in lecture, spoke up. 

'Um, well, uh, um what about the 
hypotenuse and the angle?" 

posed a question or made a reply. 
He mumbled something in a 

significant tone of voice and wrote a 
few x's and dy's on the chalkboard. 
Then he tumed slowly around, waiting 
for a sign of recognition. The girl 
seemed emboldened by the fact that he 
was as confused as we were, and she 
replied in a stem, motherly voice, "No, 
no, not the derivative, the angle'" 

The smile immediately flashed upon 
his face , for he had apparently 
recognized the word derivative. He 
shook his head happily up and down, 
acknowledging denvative and turned 
back to the board , proceeding to fill It 
hastily up wth various strange and 
obscure derivatives. 

"No, no, no, delwlVatives, 
please rum fO pagt 19 

April 2. 1984 13 

The TA lost his smile and stared at 
her quiZZically, Lacking a strong 
command of the English language, he 
was obviously unsure whether she had 

An ivory-lower academic liYCs for today by shaping the young minds oj tomorrow. 

UCSD Events Office presents 

BEAUX ARTS TRIO 
Beethoven Trio in B flat major, Op. 11 

Shostakovitch: Trio, Op. 67 
Mendelssohn: Trio in 0 minor, Op. 49 

April 4, Wednesday, 8:00 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 

G.A. $12.00, UCSD St. $5.50 
UCSD Box Office & Ticketron: 452-4559 

THE ATHLEl'E'S LACES 
RUNNING. TENNIS, FITNESS 

No Matter What Sport, 
THE ATHLiTE'S LACES. 

FOR ALL YOUR ATHLETIC NEEDS 

8843 Villa La Jolla La Jolla, CA 92037 



Music Department 
Highlights 

Spring Quarter, 1984 
Muaic 6 - Muaical MaatenNorka: Maaterpiece.o/ 
Opera 
Learn about opera, the great hybrid of music and drama. Five 
operas will be covered in depth and four films of opera will be 
viewed, from the 1642 opera of Monteverdi "L'Incoronazione 
di Poppea" to the 1925 opera "Wozzeck" by Alban Berg. 
Musical, historical, social and cultural currents will be 
studied. Listening labs will help you to learn the music. 
(Professor Carol Plantamura) 
Music 7 - In Music, Science, an" COlllputera you 
will explore the interactions among music, science and 
technology. Included will be the development and history of 
science and technology from the perspective of music, and 
the modern resynthesis of these disciplines occurring around 
computers. (Professor F. Richard Moore) 
Muaic 95 A·L - EnNIII"'e Per/orrrtance offers a wide 
variety of groups which you are invited to join. For those with 
interest in singing there is 9SC (Concert Choir), 950 
(Symphonic Chorus), 9SG (Gospel Choir). Instrumental 
performances opportunities are available in 9SA (Symphony 
Orchestra), 95E (Chamber Orchestra), 95J (Jazz Ensemble), 
95L (Wind Ensemble). 
Muaic 111 • Worl" Music will examine the historic 
overview of the music of Latin America from Pre-Columbian 
through contemporary times. An examination of the works 
and thought of 20th Century composers will be a particular 
focus. Principles of musical structure in selected 
contemporary Latin American works will be analyzed. 
(Professor Julio Estrada) 

Department of Music, 110 Mandeville Center 
452·3230 

PhI 
Delta 
theta 

SPIUNG 
RUSH 

Ice Caum 'II Jato 
7:00pm 

No •• CoareNace 
Itoom 

find Out About the 
Fratemlty 

See Oar Bash Table Oil""" PIa. 
thIa We" ore-a 457-4785 For More 

IDlormadoa. 

Spring Elections Are 
Coming! 

Filing for all ASUCSD Council Positions 
is now in progress! 

Filing will close Monday, April 9 
at 12 noon. 

Applications for all ASUCSD Positions 
may be picked up in the 

Student Organizations Office. 

College Council and College Board 
Candidates may pick up applications 

at their College Dean's Offices. 

REMEMBER-

If you are interested in participating in 
student government, the following 

positions on the ASUCSD Council become 
vacant Spring Quarter: 

President 
Vice-President 

Activity Fee Board Chair 
Commissioner of Academic Affairs 
Commissioner of Appointments and 

Evaluations 
Commissioner of Communications 

Commissioner of Elections 
Commissioner of External Affairs 
Commissioner of Public Relations 
Commissioner of Programming 

Commissioner of Student Welfare 
Col/ege Reps (Three from each College) 

Filing for elections ends at noon, April 9th. 
Dates of Election - April 17 - 18 

If you have any questions contact the Student Organizations Office at x4083 

-

Come, get fonnally 
introduced 
By GEORGE COllINS 

-I could show you how to get there a 
lot better If you had a map,'· the man in 
the service station told us impatiemly. 
He probably could have, because as it 
was, without the map, we got preny lost. 
I didn't mmd , I was enjoying the ride. 
John had a liule red convenible that was 
fun to ride m on sunny days, and I was 
in no particular hurry. Someone told me 
once that John made a habit of picking 
up girls just by olTering them rides in 
his car. Of course this time he wasn't 
going just for the ride. 

-I'm going to Sea World to see the 
pengums." he said. without looking tOO 
happy about it. · Want to come with 
me?" 

I thought about It a moment. l had 
nothing to do umil dinner besides a 
Chern lecture and a Physics quiz, so I 
saId, ·Sure. I'D go." 

And I was glad I did. at least until I 
got there . Then I had to cough up Sll 
for a ticket. "Gee, I'm reaDy sony, I 
didn't realize Sea World was so 
expensive ,'· John apologized. I didn't 
either, since I had never been to Sea 
World before. I had imagined It to be 
like a zoo with lots of litde kids. Instead, 
it was more like an amusement park 
with a lot of old people and a lot of 
Japanese tourists. 

John felt reany bad about me paying 
so much for my ticket. -The Penguin 
Encoumer is on the other side of the 
park," a lady at a food stand told us. As 
we wandered around the park, John 
tried to make up for the ticket by 

buying me snacks at food stands. We 
had pizza slices, cokes, hot dogs and 
iced teas while we browsed among the 
people and the animals. At first, the 
names confused us. We weren't looking 
for the penguins, we were looking for 
the Penguin Encounter, which was 
across from the White Whale 
Experience. It an sounded vaguely 
sexual. 

The Penguin Encoumer, when we 
finany got to it, turned out to be not a 
whole lot more than one dark room. It 

WB DOln .. 1'01 JIXPDIIINCB. 
WlGIVIIT: 

YOU DORT PlAD IT IN A BOO" 
YOULl'Vlm 

r-Posttions we need you for 1U'e:-------...., 
COuncIl 0IIcera (Pres., V~ .. Sec~ .... ). '"'''CUlM 
Board ... a ..... (,on"".... 't (COG) ChaIr. 
PJoewnm"W Ccmmlr r'DMr. Yaibook Ccwnm .... 
Chalr • ea..,.".. Coellloa Ix CuItIaI eoac..na (4C) 
ChaIr. PadllmllltBdIft • 4PBcW Baal ... " ..... 

Candlclacy imns available In the Warren Provost's Bcdlding 
RUngPatod· 

Monday, Apdl20d -Monday, ~ 9th (ends at 12 noon) ONLY. 

Affirmative Acdon PolicV 
"In accordance with applicable state and federal laws, 

and university policy, the University of California does not 
discriminate in any of its policies, procedures, or practices 
on the basis of race, color, national origin, religion, sex, 
sexual orientation, age, veteran statui, medical condition (as 
defined in Section 12926 of the California Government 
Code), ancestry, or marital status, nor does the University 
discriminate on the basis of citizenship with the limits 
imposed by law or university policy." 

In conformance with applicable laws and university 
policy, the university is an affirmative action/equal 
opportunity employer. 

Inquiries regarding the University's equal opportunity 
polici~ may be directed to the campus affirmative action 
officer, (619) 452-6861.. 

had a big window imo the penguin tank 
and a treadmiU. To get close to the 
penguins, you had to get on the 
treadmiU which took you out of the 
exhibit. John had to write an English 
paper on the penguins, so he kept 
going around the building to get on the 
treadmiU again. It was like taking an 
amusemem park ride, over and over 
again . while John took careful notes. 

Before we left, we decided to see the 
next Shamu show, even though we had 
to sit around for another 15 minutes 

while the stadium filled with people. 
Shamu is awfully popular - if you buy 
a coke anywhere near Shamu Stadium 
the vendors always ask you if you want 
to spend an extra 50 cents for a 
reusable Shamu mug. When Shamu 
finaUy came out, they interrupted a 
jaunty sea ballad playing on the PA 
system with a dramatic drum roll. An 
announcer came out and told us of his 
size. speed and fearsomeness . "In his 
home, the sea: the announcer added 
for effect, -Shamu can eat anything." 
Then Shamu jumped around and got 
everybody weI. They gave him buckets 
of fish . A trainer got in the water with 
him while a lady sang a song about man 
getting along with nature. ·We're from 
twO dIfferent worlds, you from land and 
I from sea. But I'n be your friend, as 
long as you feed me." To add variety, 
they had Shamu do more tricks with 
Beny, a porpoise. "NormaUy, Shamu 
would eat Beny," the announcer 
informed us cheerily, ·but here at Sea 
World , they perform together as 
friends." All in an, it was a show worthy 
of a commemorative mug. 

But still, the show was not as tasty as 
the ride home. We laughed a while at 
uptight land and then got down to the 
business at hand, enjoying the wind, the 
sun and the music on the radio. I had 
to wonder if, with a little showmanship, 
some of those people at Sea World 
could be convinced to pay to ride in 
John·s car. They could even pet him. if 
they gave him something to eat. 

The Pethoblo~ of Athcrasclcrosls . 
McdIdI. / Chemistry 136 

SprIng Quarter 1984 / Thursdays 3-5 pm 
Medical T~hlng Facility (MTF), Room 168 

Fint lecture: April 5 
Instructors: Khoo, Steinberg, Wltztum, Parthasarathy 

This multidisciplinary course integrates the studies of the 
pathogenesis of atherosclerosis, with emphasis on 
lipoprotein metabolism, and the cellular and biochemical 
mechanisms of lesion development. Topics will Include: A 
review of besic cholesterol, lipid and lipoprotein 
metabolism; phospholipid metabolism & the 
prostaglandins; the relationship of coronary heart disease 
to genetic hypet1ipoprotelnemia, & possible therapeutic 
approaches to atherosclerosis. 

I ~cMIIon="""_~1IO tIIce this electM COUfM • 4. unltl CNdIt 
Cor*Ic:t: Dr,IChoo, Belle SdcncI& lIdS., loom 10404A, • x6511 or x.44OO to. ~. 

WHAT CAN YOU DO 
TO PREVENT 

NUCLEAR WAR? 
Come to the ftrst muting of the UCSO Campaign Against 

the Arst Use of Nuclar Weapons. 

Presentation by Cedric GerIend M.D. 
foIlatwd by refreshments and meeting. 

I 



------------------ ---------------------------- ---- - -- - -~---------

IRegiztbrmfcii<O>Im WeeIlc Apri 2 - 6 
SJP>mNG QlLJAIRmrn PM 

IIlNlF(Q)~ TllON 

[))~OOM lMIIEBIEIRSHllf ClEhMllCC§ MCC(())~IDJE~ !PHOTO 
W RCOIL(())]R §1rAllMlEID ~ SllILX&C~EID c§HIT~TS 

This survey course will offer the person 
without experience or background in 
ceramics or art the opportunity to gain a 
basic foundation in form, function, and 
aesthetics enabling students to develop 
their own creativity through the 
exploration of clay. The primary 
objective of the course is to teach the 
beginning student to successfully make 
cups and other cylindrical forms and to 
develop an understanding of the complete 
ceramic process. Each student will be 
trained in the proper use of the potter's 
wheel and in the working properties of 
claYi both of which are basic to the 
potter's art. Elementaty techniques of 
glaze application and its utilitarian 
function will be explained . No 
prerequisites. 9 weeks. 
Section I 
Kathy Gruzdas 
Tuesdays, 6:30 - 9 pm 
Crafts Center, April 10 - June 5 
Fees: si s $28, fls / a $48, nl s $68 
Section n 
Ellen Fager 
Wednesdays, 6 :30 - 9 pm 
Crafts Center, April 11 - June 6 
Fees: si s $28, fls / a $48, nl s $68 
Section UI 
Gwenn Truax 
Saturdays, 9 - 11:30 am 
Crafts Center, April 14 - June 9 

, G~CS!Il! 
An extension of Ceramics 1. Designed 

for the student who feds comfortable 
with centering and can throw a simple 
cylinder. Further development of skill on 
the potter's wheel at the introductory 
level. Form and function will be more 
fully explored . Oxides, slips and engobes 
will be introduced as surface decoration 
techniques. Students will gain practical 
kiln loading and firing experience. 9 
weeks. Pre requisite: Beginning Ceramics 
1. 
Gwenn Truax 
Thursdays, 6:30 - 9 pm 
Crafts Center, April 12 - June 7 

Non-instructional use of the ceramic 
studio and equipment. Lncludes glazes, 
firing and studio access at least 70 hours 
per week for 8 weeks. Prerequisite: 
Beginning Ceramics. 

An approach to ceramic form and 
constuction designed to introduce 
various clay forming techniques to 
students with basic to advanced ceramic 
skills. This class will direct the student to 
explore basic three-dimensional design 
and sculpt~ral form with clay, using 
handforming and wheel throwing 
techniques. This includes altering 
throwing forms, slab, coil, and press 
molded addition with glazing methods to 
emphasize the finished form . Each class 
session will consist of a demonstration 
supplemented with slides or publications. 
9 weeks. 
Kathy Gruzdas 
Thursdays, 9 - 11:30 am 
Crafts Center, April 12 - June 7 

/iillJV CJE:J ~ 
1l1HIIR0lWllNG ClLIlNJlC 

Learn to throw fast, thin, and 
consistent with one of San Diego's 
premier production potters. Through 
demonstration and individual 
consultation, this course will present a 
host of forming and decorating tips, along 
with extensive consideration of the 
subtleties of form and function . Emphasis 
will be on a theory and technique of 
throwing which will aid experienced 
potters in their pursuit of greater 
versatility , effeciency, and grace. 
Ed Thompson 
Mondays. 6:30 - 9 pm 
Crafts Center, April 9 - June 4 

ADV~((EDI ~CS 
roIR ...... 'WIIooI~ \I ~~'"'" 

This course will explore the varied and 
colorful potential of the porcelain 
surface, with special emphasis on the 
spectacular zinc crystal glazes. Instruction 
will cover throwing and trimming 
techniques, specialized firing schedules, 
glazing, and fundamental glaze theory. 
Individual formulation and experimenta-
tion will be encouraged as a means 
towards a deeper appreciation of the 
interdependence of form and surface and 
unusual glaze effects. Prerequisite: 
Intermediate ceramics. 9 weeks 
Ellen Fager 
Tuesdays, 9:30 am - 12 noon 
Crafts Center, April 10 - June 5 

~llM~lrHG lPlHlOTO 
INtruction in the basic conceptS and 

skills of photographic tools and 
techniques, with an emphasis in 
recognizing and exploiting the camera u a 
tool. 1be class will be taken step-by-step 
from camera opeTation to accurate film 
processing to efficient printing techniques 
through final presentation methods. Class 
includes use of darkroom facility. No 
prerequisites. 9 weeks 
Carlos Reyes 
Mondays, 6 - 9 pm 
Room TBA, April 9 - June 4 

Non-instructional, unlimited use of the 
Crafts Center darkroom. Black and white 
facility only . Prerequisite: Beginning 
Photography. 9 weeks 

An extension of beginning 
photography designed for the stu' !If 
familiar with camera UIe .and tu", 
development. 

Emphasis will be on advanced 
techniques of black and white printing. 
Creative control and use of camera and 
Aim will be e~. a- includes" 
use of darkroom facUity, Prerequisite: 
Beginning Photographv. 9 weeks 
Carlos Reyes 
Wednesdays, 6 - 9 pm 
Room TBA, April 11 - June 6 

This intermediate coune will focus on 
taking pictures of people. Photos will be 
taken both in and out of the classroom. 
Special attention will be Kiven to lightinK 
problems and composition. The negatives 
will then be used·· to create different 
images through the use of darkroom 
techinques such as toning and Icodaliths. 
Presentation of the final prints includes 
instruction in mounting and framing. 
Please brint; camera and Tri-X film to first 
class meeting. 9 meetings. Prerequisite: 
previous black and white darkroom 
experience. 
Louise King 
Tuesdays, 6:30 - 9 pm 
Crafts Center, April 10 - June 7 

This class is for the photographer that is 
seeking that extra improvement in his 
final prints. Emphasis will be placed on 
fundamental concepts used in judging 
black and white prints, getting ' the beSt 
ftom your materials and specific problem 
solving. Bring examples of your work and 
get practical suggestions on framing, 
composition, lighting, print quality and 
camera control. 9 weeks. 
Michael Stevens 
Thursdays, 6:30 - 9 pm 
Crafts Center, April 12 - June 7 

An introduction to the six basic steps 
necesaaty for the completion of hislher 
own stained glass panels. The participants 
will finish two basic glass projects in class. 
Many "how to" tips will bedemonatrated 
as well as the eaentiaJs of designing, 
pattern making, glUl cumna. aaembly, 
soldering and putty application. 
IndividuaIs will work clOldy with the 
instructor. A fun class for thOle who like 
process. Most tools provided; glass and 
lead purchased separately. 9 weeks 
Marvin Dull 
Thursdays, 6 - 8:30 pm 
Crafts Center, April 12 - June 6 

An introduction to the watercolor 
process, with emphasis on illustration and 
composition. The course will instruct you 
in the various applications and the control 
of watercolor pigments. Simple rules of 
thumb for composition will be 
demonstrated or reviewed to enhance the 
presentation of your work. Field trips 
late. in the quarter. A good course for 
thOle who wish to render their ideas in 
color quickly. Prerequisite: somedrawinw 
skills are helpful, but not required. 9 
weeks 
David Behlke 

~eJnesdays, 6:30 - 9 pm 
Crafts Center, April 9 - June 6 

Print your own deaigna or logos on t-
shirts by learning the photo-etrncil 
silkscreen procesl. This practical 
introduction to silkJcreen printing will 
cover creating your own design, screen 
and stencil preparation, single and 
multiple color designs, and the screening 
process. You will bet able to wear the 
finished product home - a personally 
designed and hand silkscreened t-shirt. 
Prerequisites: p~phv helpful but 
not necesaary. 9 weeks 
Chet Wooding 
Saturdays, 9 # 11:0 am 
Crafts Center, April 104 - June 9 

The Torrey pine tree grows in only-a · 
few places in the world, and this area is 
one of them. Using the needles from this 
special tree, we will create beautiful and 
unique baskets. Learn how to prepare 
materials, various basketry techniques, 
and how to shape a basket. Each student 
will complete a basket by the end of the 
second day and will have the knowledge 
and skills to create many more. All 
materials are provided. 2 sessions. 
Patricia MacGiIIis 
Saturdays, 1 - 5 pm 
Crafts Center, April 21 & 28 

lDJIRAWRNG 
A beginner's guide to drawing. The 

course will instruct you to draw with 
clarity what you see. Emphasis will be 
placed on understanding and developing 
eye-hand coordination. Basic "tools of 
the trade" will be demonstrated and you 
will draw each class meeting. The 
instructor will work closely with you. 9 
Weeks. 
David Behlke 
Wednesdays, 3:30 - 6 pm 
No. Conf. Room, April 11 - June 6 

, 

GJI..&SS lETCHIlrNC 
A comprehensive coune intended to 

provide a complete introduction to the 
applications and techniques of sandblast 
etching on glass and ceramic surfac~. Five 
class projects will be completed, including 
three-dimensional forms and deep blast 
carving. Includes studio membership in 
the glass area. 9 weeks 
Cameron Habel 
Saturdays, 9 - 11:30 am 
Crafts Center, April 14 - June 9 

CELEBRllY SKETCHES 
PENCIL DRAWINGS 

by 

RUTH BAILEY 
APRIL 2 - 13 

---.. -



Is this Tuesday? 
It must be 
London 
By CHRIS YOUNG 

Retired Perspectives editor Chris 
Young has now taken on the 
responsibility of Gaurdian travel 
correspondent. He will contribute an 
irregular column on world travel on a 
shoe string 

Traveling on a low budget forces one 
to live a life of practice rather than one 
of theory. One's environment becomes 
dynamic; no longer does one pass the 
same buildings again and' again , lost in 
thought. Hopes or memories no longer 
occupy the mind; the present demands 
attention . Traveling is a constant state of 
vision, there being little time for 
reflection amidst the ongoing symphony 
of fresh experience. 

Traveling for me is like breathing or 
walking; if 1 try tOO hard to make events 
go a particular way, straining or forCing, 
1 choke or stumble. To travel 
comfortably, one must be like water, 
conforming readily to one after another 
unplanned experience. 

•• *' 

The temperatures here in london are 
comparable to those of San Francisco. 
However, highs in the 50s and lows in 
the 40s can't justify the down jacket, 
wool sweater and long underwear 
needed to keep warm. Little do the 
numbers tell of the wind. 

The London wind is constant, cutting 
through clothing 10 thoroughly chill . It 
blows on through endless rows of brick 

buildings, whipping trash and 
newspapers in between the tires of a 
hundred identical black taxis. 

Scores of people who hve long 
forgotten the original color of their pink 
or lime-green mohawks parade past 
staid churches which solemnly reek of 
Victorianism puritanism. London is a 
fascinating blend of the old and the 
new. 

Londoners are in a hurry. Oblivious 
to those around them in their 
constipated rush, they charge through 
subway stations to catch their train 
though the next one comes in three 

minutes. The sidewalks are dangerous, 
forever filled with half-crazed humans, 
bumping and scurrying to get 
somewhere. 

For respite from the confused hubbub 
of downtown, London offers a variety 01 
venues. Huge parks with large grass 
fields and well-tended gardens are filled 
with joggers and dog walkers. All of 
England abounds with pubs where the 
publican (owner) wiU cheerfuly draw 
you a pint of ale which you can enjoy 
while playing dans. If parks or pubs are 
not your fancy, and you're willing to 
spend a bit of money, the theatre is a 

magnificent alternative . London theatre 
ranges from the relatively inexpensive 
Soho Poly Theatre with seating for 25, 
fiUed mostly with homosexual men 
watching plays on a stage the size of a 
bathroom, to the palatial Shaftesburg 
Theatre seating probably 1000 for as 
much as 50 pounds. 

london lacks little In variety of 
entenainment, but variety is hard to 
find when it comes to food . It seems the 
one method of preparation for food 
he re is to deep fry it beyond 
recognition; how many people do you 
know who deep fry their eggs? 

Columbia Pictures &. University Events Office present 

A SNEAK PREVIEW 
of 

Robin 

Tuesday, April 3, 8:00 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 
Free passes at UCSD Box Office 

452-4559 

The· Gallery 
Perspective 

Nighbnare 
corulnucd from piIgt JJ 
delwivadves, delwivatives." 

We aU looked at each other in abject 
terror, and everyone began frantically 
copying down the derivatives on the 
board. I had never seen any of these 
before, but 1 felt obligated to copy them 
as they probably held the key to 
everything 1 couldn't fathom. 

It was at this point that some of the 
more timid souls began to slink 
cautiously out the door, in the fear of 
being personally confronted with a 
question. The TA nodded his head and 
erased the board. I noticed that there 
weren't enough people left to effectively 
hide me from hiS Sight, so I hastily 
exited. 

1 sat quivering on the guard rail for 
several minutes, wiping the sweat from 
my brow and staring forlornly a t the 
concrete seven stories below, wondering 
how large a puddle 1 would make, 

• • • 

I had always thought of the professor 
some SOrt of unreachable icon, that 
would never consider wasting his time 
with a nebulous query from the ignorant 
likes of myself. I ftgured that i I I 
fonnulated one or two logical questiOns, 
1 might be able to reap some pertinent 
information from his enlightened 
replies. 

1 spent th e next three hours huddled 

THE GIZEH 

over my textbook, trying to gain a slight 
foothold on the material, so that 1 could 
at least pose an obvious question . 

The next day 1 spent half an hour 
trying to find the building where he had 
his olTice, and another 15 minutes 
tracking down his number. By the time I 
found it, it was 3:45. 1 stared stupidly at 
his door. I knocked timidly, 
unconsciously taking a step backwards. I 
heard a muffied, "Yes?" 

I stood in stupefaction. After several 
moments of indecision, I heard, slightly 
louder, "What do you want?" 

I gulped and opened the door. He 
was Sitting at a cluttered desk, scribbling 
on a piece of paper. He sat up and 
looked pallidly in my general direction. 
He was obviOUsly waiting for me to 
initiate the conversation. 

In my nervousness 1 had completely 
forgotten my questions. 

"U m, ... is this your office?" 
He blinked noticeably. 
"Yes." 
"Uh ... good, good. Um ... do you mind 

if 1 ask you a question?" 
"That depends." 
I waited for him to tell me what it 

depended on, but he didn't bother to 
continue. 

"Well, it's about your AMES 69 class." 
He made no reply. 
"Uh ... I was wondering how they 

derived Glickenfelder's equation?" 
I couldn't remember what the hell 

G1ickenfelder's equation applied to, but 
it was the first name that popped into 

~odL 

For 
fashion, 
fun and 
comfort, 
test walk 
our new 
sandals. FOOTWEAR Q< 

1111 Prospect, at Herschel La Jolla. CA 92037 
454·7577 

Cards by Phillip Haxo 

my head. His expression stiU remained 
unaltered. He spoke in a dull monotone, 
and I thought I caught a him of 
contempt in his voice. 

"Well, that is quite obvious. If you 
read your text carefuUy .. ." 

The phone rang. He stopped In 
mid sentence and answered it, still 
speaking in the same drowsy manner. 

"Yes .. . Yes ... YI!5 ... Uh huh ... 
Definitely ... " 

He rememberea my presence and 
glanced at me. 

"Hold on a sec: 
He put his hand over the 

mouthpiece. 
"Would you please excuse me. This is 

very important. I have office hours next 
Thursday from 1:30 to 2:00." 

He gave me a "get out of here , 
immediately" look, and 1 slowly 
mumbled something, though I'm not 
sure what. 1 hastily exited and stood 10 
the hallway, ovetwhelmed by 
disappointment. I racked my brain for 
an alternative to qUick and painless 
death. 

••• 

After standing in a stupor [or several 
minutes, the subtle word OASIS crept 
into my head. I felt a smaU wave of 
hope wash over my battered psyche, 
and I Immediately made the trek to the 
OASIS office. 

En route to the OASIS office I was 
slowly building my hopes up to a 
fevered frenzy. I got into the office and 
stalked up to the appointments clerk. 

She stared sullenly up at me. 
"I'd like to make an appointment with 

the AMES 69 tutor, please." 
Her expression immediately changed 

from obstinate boredom to puzzled 
bemusement. She chuckled. 

"AMES 69? Hah, hah, hah, hah. You'd 
better change your major to Sociology if 
you want help from us." 

"What are you talking about , what do 
you mean? 1 don't understand ." 

Her look changed from amusement to 
pity. She could see the terror in my 
eyes. She spoke in a soothing, 
explanatory tone. 

"I'm sorry, but we don't have tutors 
for most AMES classes; there just isn't 
enough demand. Plus, no one ever 
volunteers. Why don't you go see your 
professor?" 

She gave me a "tough shit, buddy" 
smile. 

I sighed loudly and stared at the 
ground. I began to thmk of sub tle ways 
to tell my parents that I had changed 
my major to Sociology. As I trudged 
slowly out the door, with my eyes still 
fixed on the ground , I noticed a soiled 
add-drop card, sitting peacefully on the 
concrete. I stopped and stared at it. My 
mind went blank. And then slowly but 
surely a feeling of intense weD-being 
crept upward, from my feet, through my 
legs, abdomen, chest and finally 
manifested itself in a broad smile. I be'lt 
down , picked It up and brought it 
quickly to my lips, where I bestowed a 
grateful kiss upon it. 

DEDCAS&? 
Earn Qood money and Qain va~&able business expatence while you nm 

your 0\NI'l buIInas. SeD Irst quaIly athletic shoes on your campus and your 
own time. Proven fast tum-over rate and uceJlalt money" 
rnIIkInQ opportunity. 

For rrqaJnbmation cal Ms. Kathleen Mahoney or Ms. Sarah Brown, 
(213) 465-"'2s32 or (213) 463-6079, Or write to: Princeton Entapdses, 1919 
N. BcadIwood DrM., Hollywood, CA 90028, . 

WARREN COLLEGE STUDENTS 
Open Wrltlna Sections, SorI~ 1984 

IegIMlng next Fall, If appears that bOlh Wann 10A and 
108 will be leiter graded COUrtel. 
~ always, warren students are required to take and complete the 
WI1tlng requirement In their tlrst three quarters of residence, To that 
end. students will be delighted to leam that some Spring sections of 
108, and all 4 10A sections. have seats available. listed below are the 
open sections, The required department stamp can be obtained 
after a student has received written permission from the instructor of 
the section, Stamps are available at WC410, Questions? 452-3068, 

OPEN iDA SECTIONS All 10A sections have seats available, 
OPEN 101 SECTIONS: 
Section 2 MW 9-10:50 H&SS 2152 (Note 
Section 3 MW 9-10:50 TEH 102 room change) 
Section 6 MW 11-12:50 TEH 102 
Section 7 MW 11-12:50 TEH 502 
Section 15 MW 4-5:50 TEH 502 
Section 26 TIn 2-3:50 we Q-311 
Section 27 TIn 3-4:50 USB 4060 B 
Section 28 TTh 3-4:50 TEH 302 
Please also note that sections 10 and 13 c:A 10B will meet In Tioga 302, 



20 Apnl 2, 1984 

Get involved in the International Center 
Spring quarter's first International Center meeting will be held 

Monday at 4:30. Meet at the International Center for some tea and 
coffee and chat about next quarter's events. Tell us what you want to 
see happen with the International Club. For more information call 
the International Center Office at 452-3730. 

Check Your Mailboxes!!!!!! 
All organizations (except for recreation and coops) have mailboxes 

located in the Student Organizations Office. You should check the mail at 
least once a week. .. important fiiers and bulletins are placed there for your 
info. 

Some organizations have not picked up their mail for months (and I 
mean months!) It will be deposited in the circular file if not picked up 
within the next few weeks. Any questions call x408J and speak with 
Marietta. 

YOU AR.~ INVITtD TO TAI([ A 

"5TUD~ B2~A~" 
AT TI-4( fRI(NOLI['5T GATI·-I(RIt.G ~ CAMPUS 

MONDA.YS , 7: 15 PM 
C I-lANC(LLOR. \5 COMPL~X rm 111· A 

d'oi" U~ 50r !In uCihr,g t'1""~ of -5Cl.llo .... ~h(p . 
cn+",.hunrn:"t , Singing , and In'519M Into a.. 
p&r!Jonal nt.laho"Vlip with Jc.r.u!> Christ. 

~n~d~ 
CAMPUS Cr2U~M)( for CI~Q\5T 

Attention Economics Majors 
Merrill Lynch Realty Co, needs Spring interns. If you would like to 

learn to perfonn research on properties, do investment analysis, and 
put together land development and investment packages. this could 
be ideal for you, They're looking for motivated students majoring in 
economics or management science. The deadline for these positions 
is April 5. Come in to the Associated Students Internship office 
located in the Student Center above the gameroom. Talk to the S.D. 
program director. Margot Gordon, or the executive director. Lisa 
Sarasohn for more information. 

Sun God Festival Update 
1) Mandatory Meeting for all organizations participating. Thursday, 
April 5. Revelle Formal Lounge, 5 pm. 
2) Air Band Contestants and all perfonners. mandatory meeting; 
Wednesday, April 11, 5 pm in the multi-purpose room. 
3) Videotape artists and break dancers wanted. Please contact Susan 
Lewis (x4450) and attend the April 11 meeting, 
4) Any interested jugglers, mimes, clowns, and magicians should 
attend the April 11 meeting. 

What's Happening at the Che? 
The Che Cafe opens with a bang! Each day open at 8 am for 

breakfast (Pannikin Coffee!) Wednesday, 5-7 pm, All you can eat. 
Gado-Gado (Indonesian peanut dish) Only $3.00! Daily specials. 
Join us! Music! 

STUDY GROUPS 
GROIJNDWOI" STUDY CO.OIJPS .... _II. inti_telalnsl., ..... pt w ..... t'" pr_oIlalmin.i.di ......... 
unmystifiN. Tbr atmosphert li coopenliw and lupponiw,lO you _fn what you _Itt 10 learn. i ..... ofnmillJ 
how 10 lOp Ihr other pc-rson . 

GENlIAL INFORMATION 
Thtrc an no prrrcquilllc, Ex"pt for COlt 01 books. thllc alwely arou"I'" free aM open 10 .11 comlDunity 

members. Elch ,roup Will consist of 6· 12 ptopk. 
All fint mtctinp ",ill ~ a. Groundwork 1oo1u10~ kulcd in tbe UCSD SI"'" Center. fint .... inpis 10 set 
~.ular meeti", lime. dttermine rcadi.lp lor nt", ... Hk . ... wtrquctlaon..eIC. lfYOII.n .. rnIId.ndcannol ••• cnd 
tM first mtlinas. picht conllct the coordi_tor before lhe finl mcCIilll 10 let IhllII know. 

These I'udy aroupl "'y heavily on the 1C1f-4.KipliM of the rncmhen 10 cOMPlete the uti ... reeclinp, to think 
about .ht material. and tOC'Omt prtpemt fornch diKUlsion. There.re no !ecturesto diana the malerialfor you Ind 
no exams to "moti .... tc" ¥CMI. 
S ..... p for .... ' ........ GfOMIIIIw«k loeb ..... UC8DSt ...... C ..... April 2 ......... 7,11 
•.•.•• p ••• MoMII, IIIroup Sa .... ,. 
G,_wort .-. .... '010 ..... -, _ 

n.1Mf,IH (I'U~ 1'(I.AOIC · \I..~!-~O\II' "'. 
: ''''nll'fth,.' , 1(1 II HI M onJ,,\ ""tiI9Ik 
( l/lIJ,lh ... lllr: "I"'> ~- 1 701. 4':: 4'125 
(0\1\11 '11 , • .,1(. \'I/.I'lii4, : 
r".,.....li" lI 1 00 .. m I rI:i.,~ A J"III i1 

f~.4, .. ,.ru:d.: ~~~-M ~. 4f1M..QI..l1'. 
nlt.OM\ OF TM,. (fli l,H rt". : 
rr,...HIII1I : ,. (III pm, Wednc.d1) Arnl I I 
( uur4N'lflllr ' J ul ', .U .z..l@170r:'K,lJ'I.(tU, 

~U\ ItT I "UNI 
.. ,. ,_, ,". , ]0 r PI \\-"J Apnl II 
( ."."h" ~lj" \f"",I;,', 4~'. \b22 l'r 4"2 4~il 

'\O~If'.A.U1HUH II \ MU1 Ht ~ A ""tI .l" 
"" ., .. ".1",. , t lO p " \t'.", ~., ~ ,\rlll!J \ u"""", .. I", (J'l.j " \·?4ft!) III In f/f-.lS 

~':!!~~W.';~~~':'~~ ~,\~( " 
(lI(,,~ht.I .. : (' ...... V. 11'J 0 '''''' 
• ",N' " .... ro TN •. \\ ONMIM. ( I \55 ' 
r" ......... I : ~.,. In . I u.· ...... ,. -'r,,1 IU 
C'onr,'ln.tw : ... ·~·\t. 4j7 ·1YI'I! nt " ' ] 'HI}~ 
1l'1li110 10 M,,"".S.\I ·I "~I'I'\t HtH "ON·'I \k \I'T· 
1 •• "f'\II!'tTS; 
,""-_tl",: 7 r m • \h'ln~"I .. y Arr,1 II 
Conr'tullN'; <"Iil)' • .(~2 'lI(l2's 
A.'ltOPIUAn. TU ""'I 0 (; ,,": 
,.. ......... " • • ~ 10 r m , -, ",('>Ii 'r April III 
( 'uor",., ...... ;HIU. 29~ ' 102.I(hr .,,,, r hi 
t NUI( I~~ \fIIIl)~" .·e .tI 'll 1"1: 
.... " •• ' .. 'r,(~ 1 r 1' •• I mIJ)' Arnl I' 
............ ,.III,,, :R,.j,r .... 2\1,1 0 1· ;.\ 

on!' H OI'~ t. 
II )1111 ,lIe: IIIc:rc~'cd In 
I · ., r n,n~ tt.\ltt' "b(,ul lh 
drup In th~ ('I"'" H tllht 
rtom 4 )f) pm 1<1 (, JI. 
J\ In. t tld.H " prtl Il If 
~ou tift· mott '('rh UI ~ 
l.flll\U.U" t4$.,nl/ ll,e 
lilt .... '. "r Ih .. (.1I1I" cll _1' 
dhlU' .Ion ytnu p 

GROUNDWORK BOOKS 1 .(;.1 .• ' . 2nd • fI(ia) of \:.u,h 
m onlh ' /ll d i\C:uunt on wI! It • ..old! 

Munday to blotlurday II • m . In 8 p.m . 
l ((,!oll Sh,drnl ernlr, (MY) 4~l ·W;l~ 

"Nt I P;\W",,, (; (I~ :"rIo ,-.1 I AI) \\:"rIo 
pt.I.I .... 1 .... . II"hl . lIkd ... ' £,1' • ""tilt'" rn~n ' }.ullh iltwf,l'IOIIl ' .... n" ... 
r ..... t" • tII .. IC';" r ..... r' • hl.l~'" U"".o(ol" • • ",un ." ... , .. ,," • n.,II'.: 
.. ,,',., ... ," . ,h ..... nll . 1 •• 111'1 "mor"' .. ' tIt.· .. nIlII'lW . ..... I<"~" fl'r lhe .... . 'rk 
(.om. b\ lo,;t f,u II ".v..,. Ie.,..." .... vteNm button. 
from (he (.iroun(hl ork ("oUt\:lnt 

4 ' 0 lo610 p m 
pl!oplc ~at h tr for 
Itflt",hmr-nt, un'-' 
CD'ioUn I ..t I ,cu~~i()n 
( 'omt: b) and JIII II u!t! 
On the 4 t h t ud.n \\(-
hoth' rt \ \Mk p. i n~ 
S:tmt:i\.t 1 ( ill- ('lI(\cpl 
'AI! IHI I In ,\oc,rk .!RU'n," 
\\ 1\0 'ho W, tip 

Fly Torrey Pines! 
The world's most beautiful soaring spot is right across from UCSD 

at Torrey Pines Gliderport. If you have never been in a glider before 
this is your best chance to give it a try. There is really nothing quite 
like it! The UCSD Soaring Club will be giving introductory rides and 
insnuction every weekend and Thursday. until the end of the third 
week of Spring Quarter. It's only $8 for an experience you can't get 
anywhere else. Come give it a try! 

Another night at the old ball game 
PadreS/ Dodgers game - Friday, April 27 at 7:05 pm at San Diego 

Jack Murphy Stadium. Loge sections 35-39, $6 per ticket. Limited 
number of tickets at box office. or call Phyllis Campbell at x2742. 
Sponsored by UCSD Staff Association. 

Need an escon across campus? 
The UCSD escort service works 365 days a year from 5 pm to 1:30 

am. Community Service Officers are radio di::;patched and there is 
no charge. 452-4360. 

Don't Miss This! 
The 1984 UCSD 

SeDli-Fonnal 
May 19th at the 

Sheraton Harbor Island 
• Exquisite hors d'oeuvres • 

Dance to Dirk Debonaire and the Rebel 
Rockers on seperate stages' &om 8 to 2 am 
Tickets are $9.00 per person and are' on sale at the Box 
Office during finals and aU next quaner. Presented by 

ASUCSD Programming. 

Election Update 
Please note the following information 

regarding the Spring Elections 
Filing: Candidates of all ASUCSD coucH and 
AS College Council Representative positions 
may begin filing for office at 8:00 am, MondaYI 
March 12. Filing will close Monday, April 9 at 12 
pm. Applications for all ASUCSD positions may 
be picked up in the Student Organizations 
Office. 
College Council and College Board Candidates 
may pic~ up applications at their College Dean's 
Offices. 
Campaigning: Campaigning begins at 8:00 
am April 10 and continues until the closing of 
the polls. 

Dates of Election - May 5 and 6 

Internships, Internships, Internships 
Associated Students Internship Office (ASIO) has a summer 

internship program for you! Summer programs allow students to 
fulfill graduate . school prerequisites and gain advance work 
experience ~thout the additional pressures and time constraint of 
academic course loads. Deadlines for California and San Diego 
programs are April 13 and 27 respectively. For more infonnation, 
come to the. AS Internship Office in the student center above the 
gameroom or call x4689. Don't waste this summer, do an internship! 

Big bucks on campus 
Read and learn about you classmates' research and projects. U$ 

Grants needs bright and assertive students to evaluate Spring grant 
applications on April 12, 1984. The proposals cover many interests: 
marine biology, behavioral psychology, performance art. film and 
video. Call x3917 for more information or sign-up. U$ Grants is 
located on the second floor of the Student Center above the pool 
tables 

It's Delta Sigma Phi time 
The "Delta Sigs" will be accpeting new members during the first 

twO weeks of Spring quarter. We offer the men at UCSD an open 
invitation to find out what bonds our fraternity together. 

Alcohol Awareness and 
Drunk Driving: 

Committee being formed to look into 
problem, contact Steve Cooper at x4450. 

AS .nd Student Oris 
Basta ••• OfBce 

(Nora and Josie) 
' II I 

NEW BOuaS: 
Cosed Monday 

Tuesday-Friday, 8-4:30 

Annual Warren College 
Tailgate Party 

and 
Padre Opening Game 

Tuesday, April 3 
The Pittsburgh Pirates 

vs. 
The San Diego Padres 

Tickets: $7 at the Warren Provost Office or at the 
Warren Res. Dean's Office. 

Sponsored by WCSG & Res. Halls 



22 Apnl 2, 1984 
.~.. '.:.;' .,... < •• ~ •• .. '. • ' 

UCSD Events Office presents 

HREE'S OMEDY 

featuring: 
Turk Pipkin, Dave Wood, &: Bill Kirchenbauer 

Turk Pipkin (of Harry Ande~on's 
Evening of Comedy & Magic) and friends, 
in an evening of more comedy, magic, 

juggling and lllime. 

"AprilS, Thursday, 8:30 p.m. 
Revelle Cafeteria 

G.A. $5.00, UCSD St.$3.00 
UCSD Box Office & Ticketron: 452-4559 

==, 

Tritons bombed but hold onto first 
By JEFF SAVAGE 

The Westmont Warriors made a 
porent point of keeping UCSD from 
running away With the Southern 
Division when they pounded four Triton 
pitchers in a 16-0 rout in the second 
game of a doubleheader at Olsen Field 
Saturday. Despite the loss, the Tritons 
remain in first place in the District - a 
position they have yet to relinquish this 
season. 

By winning the first game 2-1, UCSD 
ran ilS league record to 5-1 and 
increased its lead over second-place 
Southern Cal College to two full games. 
The win was UCSD's 18th of the season , 
tying a school record. Roben Rolf, fresh 
01T a complete-game victory over Point 
lorna four days earlier, surrendered an 
unearned run in the seventh inning, but 
the Tritons bailed hIm out in the eighth 
when Denms Costa reached base via a 
walk, and Tim Archer followed with a 
pinch Single to cemer. With one out, 
David Stanovich walked to load the 
bases , and Bob Natal drew a second 
walk [0 force In the winning run. With 
the win , Rolf ran his record to an 
impressive 7-3. 

In the nightcap, UCSD committed 
eight errors, paving the way for II 
unearned runs as Westmont handed the 

Tritons their worst lost in ten days (San 
Diego State blanked UCSD 20-0 in the 
Sun Lite Classic). The usually reliable 
Eric Reynolds, who injured his back in 
the SDSU game, surrendered five runs 
in the second inning, and was lifted in 
favor of Mark Sloan. With two outs in 
the founh, the Warriors put the game 
out of reach, as Sloan lost his rhythm 
and allowed a pair of walks and twO 
singles before shortstop Klaudio 
Biazevich booted a routine grounder to 
send Sloan to the showers. Skipper Lyle 
Yates summoned Mike Petersen from 
the bullpen, and on a weak grounder to 
short, Biazevich turned in a repeat 
performance to keep the inning alive. 
Following a double to the right 
centerfield gap, Petersen managed to 
close out the mning, but by then the 
damage had been done. 

The Warriors carned a 12-0 lead into 
the seventh mnmg, when freshman Dan 
DiMascio was caUed in to mop up the 
mess. DiMascio gave up four runs - all 
unearned, as three more Tnton errors 
closed out the embarrassment. "I won't 
fault Biazevich," said Yates after the 
game. "He's done a good job for us aU 
season long, and everyone is going to 
have a rough game once in a while. 

UCSD hosts SoUlhem Cal College 
tomorrow afternoon in an imponant 
league doubleheader at Olsen Field. 
From there the Tritons will travel to Cal 

Lutheran for another double dip on 
Wednesday before returning home for 
their third twin bill of the week as they 
host Cal Baptist on Saturday afternoon. 

Trilons and Warrion collide - UC5D and Westmont split a doubleheader Saturday, with the 
Tritons sneaking off with a 2-1 win and the Warriors busting loose in a 16-0 rout Jor the split. 

Back by popular demand~----------------
The 'Guardia'n' redicts the NL West 

By NATE COLBERT 
I see the National League West going 

in this order: (1) San Diego, (2) 
Houston, (3) San Francisco, (4) Los 
Angeles, (5) Atlanta, (6) Cincinnati. 

The signing of Rich Gossage by San 
Diego was the key. That's the move that 
is going to give the Padres the division 
title. He is going to make aU the other 
relief pitchers better. The Padres have 
the important asset of stability. From 
what I've seen, the players appear to be 
hungry. There are a few guys who have 
something to prove. Garry Templeton 
wants to prove that the way he has 
played in San Diego is not the way he is 
capable of playing. Alan Wiggins wanlS 
to prove that the Padres made a good 
decision in giving him the job at second 
base. Steve Garvey wanlS to prove that 
he is healed. The outfielders play their 
positions very weU. The acquisition of 
Graig Nettles along with the emergence 
oC Carmelo Maninez and Kevin 
McReynolds wiD add 60 home runs to 
the baUclub's '83 tOtal. All this, along 
with the added factor of enthusiasm, 
will give San Diego the title. 

The Astros should finish second with 
their scrappy attack and good pitching. 
The pitching is what reaDy stands out. 
Joe Niekro is superb, and there is 
absolutely nothing wrong with Nolan 
Ryan . But I look for ex-Giant Bob 
Knepper to have a great year. And with 

. Joe Sambito coming out of the bullpen, 
the Aslros will playa lot of one-run 
games, games they wiu generaUy win . 
The Houston hillers are scrappy and 
have no power. I don't even know their 
names. But power is not needed in the 
dome, and the team wiD play .600 ball 

tllI'r~ They're going to be tough. 
I ill' '>.10 Francisco GIants are the 

.• kLptr team. They should be right there 
I'/CIISC lUll' Iv pug" J2 

By PHIL LAUDER 
Guess who will win the NL West 

division banner in 1984. It seems it's 
the same story each year. And it is. 

Every year it's the Dodgers and 
someone. If it's not the Dodgers and the 
Reds, it's the Dodgers and the Astros or 
the Dodgers and the Braves. It has been 
that way for more than a decade. 

And it wiu be that way again this 
year. Los Angeles has one truly strong 
pOim, but on that point balances 70-
90% of any team's success in this game. 
LA has the pitching. The Dodgers have 
big blue questions marks on olTense, 
defense, special teams, you name it -
but they have the pitching. LA has the 
NL West crown. 

look for Houston, which came out of 
nowhere late last season to make it a 
three-horse race, to do the same this 
year. The Braves and Astros will vie for 
the second spot aU season, close behind 
and perhaps at ~imes even ahead of the 
Dodgers (but not in October). If Atlanta 
does not regain Pascual Perez (detained 
on drug charges in his native 
Dominican Republic), expect it to show 
in the standings. Atlanta cannot afford 
the loss of the hean of its pitching stalT, 
a hurler who was certainly the best in 
the West last year. With Perez the 
Braves finish second; without him, 
third . 

Which leaves San Diego as the best of 
plc:usc: Ium to page 28 

By JEFF SAVAGE 
I don't see the NL West as being a 

very tight race this year, because one 
team obviously stands above all the rest. 
The San Francisco Giants, who are 
dosing out spring traming with the best 
record in the Nallonal League, will cany 
it right on through the regular season 
and run away with the not-so-wild 
West. losing Darrell Evans Isn't going to 
hun (hem as most observers would tend 
to believe, because Evans had a dream 
year last year and will, without a doubt, 
reven back to his crummy form of '82, 
'81, '80, 79 .... The San Fran staning 
rotation is decem, but everything else is 
superb. Greg Minton and Gary LaveUe 
fonn the best one-two bullpen punch in 
all of basebaU, and this gives the Giants 
the edge in the close baDgames. The 
acquisition of AI Oliver and Manny 
TriUo gives manager Frank Robinson 
stability on the right side of the infield 
and John LeMaster has emerged as the 
best shonstop in the league. But the real 
key to San Francisco's success is at the 
plate. Jeff LL'Onard, Chili Davis, and Jack 
Clark combined to drive in 212 runs 
last year, and that total wiU climb to 
270. Clark will lead the league with 130 
RBIs. Despite (he Candlestick grass, 
Leonard will hit .322, plaCing him 
second in the league behind Oliver at 
.32'5. The only question remaining for 
the Giants is their margin of vicrory in 

pI~au Ium to f'Il&£ 2. 

By LYLE YATES 
(1) Dodgers: The National League 

West usuaUy means Dodger Blue, and 
this year will be no exception. The 
Dodgers know what it takes to get to the 
top, and they have the best organization 
in basebaU behind them . Pitching is the 
name of the game, and LA has five 
quality starters: Fernando Valenzuela, 
Jeny Reuss, Rick Honeycutt, Bob Welch 
and Alejandro Pena. Tom Niedenfuer 
(1.90 ERA) is the stopper out of the 
bullpen. With Pedro Guerrero posSibly 
reruming to the outfield and Steve Sax 
on target again, the mfield should make 
less errors. The offense IS always 
productive WIth Guerrero, Greg Brock 
and Mike Marshall driving in 234 runs 
in '83. Tommy Lasorda does a good job 
at the helm, even though he doesn 't 
manage his stomach well. (He eats 
Yoplait with a side-order of Rolaids.) 

(2) Padres: Yes, the Sad res become 
the Padres, move out of the second-
division and contend in '84. You'll hear 
more G's out of the Padres than Beaver 
Cleaver, because this is the year of the 
"Big G": Steve Garvey, Goose Gossage, 
Tony Gwynn, Garry Templeton and the 
newest addition, Graig Nettles. All are 
front-line players and should form the 
heart of the ballclub. They must stay 
healthy, however. Like the Dodgers, tl:te 
Padres have good staning pitchers. Eric 
Show, Tim lollar, Dave Dravecky and 
Mark Thurmond might be their best 
four. If they can take the lead into the 
seventh inning, Manager Dick WiUiams 
will dial G for Goose on the dugout 
phone, Enough said. To spell Gossage, 
Sid Monge (8-3, 7 saves) did a fine job 
for the Padres in '83 and should help in 
'84, Carmelo Maninez and Kevin 
McReynolds hit the homeruns in spring 
training. but wiD they go yard when tM 

plc:asc lum to pG&It .l2 



7720 Fay Ave. La Jolla 

Photo 
SUpplies 

UCSD Purchase 
Orders Accepted 

Large SelecHon of 
Darkroom equipment 

and SUpplies 

DISC9R~I 
459-7355 

\ARRHEA 

If you h8W 
dl.rme. th.t 

begItn wtIhIn !he ... 48 hrs Md 
would like to pllnldpMt In ., 
I~I dNg lIUdy.the 
V.A. Ho.pl~1 c.1I Cheryl 
8eIIurnont or sa.ve PIIndoi M.D. 
1453-7500, ext 3284 for more 
Info. Upon comptedon of the 
IIUdy you will recefve 525. 

Savage 
conlin wed from page 23 
the race . Because he wants his money 
and no one else will take him, look for 
Dusty Baker to sign on before the end 
of April. If so, an J8 game margin . If 
n()(, 14 game~ 

If Pascual Perez escapes the 
Dominican Republic by May J, the 
Atlanta Braves will finish second. If nOl, 
third. With a nice lineup (Horner, 
Murphy, Chambliss, etc.) the Braves 
should have no trouble scoring runs, but 
Claudell Washington, Glenn Hubbard 
and Bruce Benedict are just mediocre; 
the starting rotation wiu probably burn 
out by mid-July. Cenainly no challenge 
to San FranCISCo. 

The San Diego Padres will finish third 
(or second if Perez can't escape) but 
they'll be 22 games off the pace by 
season's end. By August, Garry 
Templeton, after enough squabbles with 
skipper Dick Williams, WIll be traded to 
the Minnesota Twins where he will be 
qUICkly sent to their AAA club, the 
Toledo Mud Hens, to finish out the 
season. The Great Goose wiu be rocked 
so hard by National League hitting that 
he will threatell to retire if not traded 
back to the weak-hitting American 
League. Steve Garvey will retire at 
season's end, run for the Senate, lose 
and buy the Padres. Dave Dntvecky and 
Tim Lollar will combine for 44 wins, but 
the rest of the staning staff will have just 
13 more. And lastly, Tony Gwynn will 
gct injured early in the season and go 
back to San Diego State to get a degree 
in Physical Ed. 

The Houston Astros, with a good 
starting staff Ooe Niekro, Bob Knepper 
et al.) should have no trouble finishing 
fourth, in front of the Dodgers and 
Reds. With Joe Sambito healthy again, 
the Asu'OS WIll be m good shape with a 
one-run lead in the late going. But one 
run is probably the biggest lead the 
Astros wiu ha~ all season beclUle only 
Jose Cruuuuz knows how to hold a 
baseball bat. Ray Knight had a fluke '82 
and couldn't even start for the Reds 
anymore. 

Speaking of Cincinnati (although 
they're hardly worth mentioning), the 
Reds, contrary to popular bellet, are not 
dead. In intensIve care maybe, but still 
alive. The Reds have enough 
competitors to nose out the Dodgers for 
fifth place in the West, although they'D 
Iimsh 40 gal1TCs behind the Giants. In 
fact, with great talents such as Nick 
Esasky and Wayne Krenchicki, look out 
Astros. Manager Vern Rapp should come 
close to a 6O-win season. 

The Los Angeles Dodgers will start out 
the season in winnmg fashion and 
i mmedi;1tely assume first place in the. 
West. But by mid-May they'll plummet 
to the bottom. Second baseman Steve 
Sax and shortstop Bill Russell will 
combine for 8!:l errors to establish a 
National League record . The Dodgers 
clearly have the best starttng pItching in 
aU of baseball, but it makes no 
dilference when two are in the hospItal 
and one is in jail. Bob Welch will be 
arrested for drunk driving and 
sentenced to four months in the county 
jail. Rick Honeycutt and Jerry Reuss will 
get into a clubhouse 5Cuffie and both 
win be lost for the season with injunes. 
And hiners will finaUy catch up '.vith 
Fernando Valenzuela and el chubbo will 
suffer through a 30-loss season. 
fatnando will be shipped over to the 
American League at season's end. Mike 
Marshall will lead the league in home 
runs with 38, but Greg Brock will hit 
just seven while batting a shameful .190. 
The Dodgers will Iinish 51 games out, 
and Tommy Lasorda will be tired. On 
the last day of the season, the Dodgers 
wIll lose 14-0 and the fans will burn 
down Dodger stadium. The team will 
then fold. 

RRRRRRR ... I slap my alann clock off ... 
roll out of bed ... and with eyes still half-
closed , I open my Ironl door, lean over 
and pick up the morning paper. I pull 
out the sports seclIon, go stralghl to the 
boxscores and .. . oh God ... the Dodgers 
won again .... . 

San Diego imp.ressive at home 

Clippers coming alive 
By PHIL LAUDER 

"I don't think we can make the 
playoffs anymore," understated Clipper 
reservr forward Greg Keiser, "so we're 
playing for pride." 

As the National Basketball Association 
season comes to a close, San Diego's 
pride seems to be growing, as 
impressive victories over Los Angeles on 
Wednesday and Golden State on Friday 
will attest. Over the last 21 games, the 
Oippers are playing better than .500 
ball in an effort to avoid the worst 

·record in the conference. At 28-47 
(before yesterday's COOlest in Denver), 
San Diego is hoping to leave Houston 
(28-46) with that honor, one which the 
two teams have exchanged during the 
past rwo years. 

A big part of the club's success in the 
List month has been the emergence of 
the most solid starting five San Diego 
has enjoyed since the departure of 
Uoyd Free se~ral years ago. The 
Clippers have stayed with their skyline 
front line of center James Donaldson (7-
2) and forwards Bill Walton (6-11) and 
Terry Cummings (6-9). Nonn Nixon has 
staned every game at the guard position, 
but Derek Smith, a pleasant surprise, has 
recently moved in to eam the other Spot. 

Another pleasant surprise for the 
Clippers came last Wednesday with a 
tremendous victory over the Pacific 
Division-leading Lakers. Having been 
sunk in LA only four days earlier, 1 J 4-
102 (a game in which the Lakers tallied 
19 straight points to overcome a third-

Warriors are also losing a fight with lour 
other teams for the sixth and final 
playoff spot in the conference. This is 
good news for the Clippers, who own 
the Warriors # I pick in the upcoming 
draft (San Diego's # I belongs to 
Philadelphia). 

Once again, the Clippers found 
themselves behind early in this comest, 
although never by more than four 
points, a deficit erased by the end of 
the first quarter. From there, San Diego 
broke away, claimmg margins of five 
points at the half, nine at the end of the 
third quarter and J 4 late in the game, 
before the final 12-point margin was 
decided . 

Certainly the highlight of this contest 
was the slam-dunk exhibition put on by 
the home tum, which thrust nearty a 
dozen downward through the nets. The 
most memorable of these came after a 
jump ball on the Warriors' end of the 
COUrt between Nixon (aD six-foot-two of 
him) and GS center Joe Barry Carroll (7-
2). Fans encouraged the hopelessly 
dwarfed Nixon by chaming, "Nor-man, 
Nor-man!" The referee tossed the baU 
both players jumped, and - someho~ 
- the baD ended up in the hands of 
San Diego's Ricky Pierce. With the smaU 
crowd screaming with laughter. Pierce 
fed an all-alone Cummings, who put aU 
of his 234 pounds imo the slam of the 
night. 

That play seems to epitomize the end 
of this Oipper season, which, unlike 

Sfonnin' Nonnan . - Clipptr guard Norm Nixon leads the late-season Clipper brigade. His 
average of 11.2 asslSls ptr game would have led the league in nine of the past ten seasons. 

quarter deficit), the Clippers-put it aU 
together as weD as they ha~ aU season. 
Down by 11 early, San Diego cut the 
lead to only three at the half before 
breaking loose in the second half for a 
122-115 victory. Led by Nixon with 27 
points and Cummings with 26, the team 
shot an incredible 65.8% - for the 
game - and came with in .1 % of the top 
si ngle-game FG% in the league this 
season. 

The 8,972 m attendance were treated 
10 a match In which the home team 
outshoc and outrebounded Los Angeles 
whi le hitting on more chances from the 
free th row line, and, most Importantly, 
holdmg down the number of turnovers, 
the Chppers' largest liability of late . 
5l1nply put, San DIego was outstanding, 
and only against the ",*kers (and 
perhaps Boston and Philly) would this 
have been less than a 15- or 20-point 
roUI. 

The Clippers didn't play nearly as 
well against Golden State on Friday -
and they didn't have to, either. Before a 
crowd consisting mostly of very empty, 
very orange seats (the attendance was in 
the 2,000-3,000 range, although it was 
announced at 4,279), San Diego still 
shot a hot 58% in slamming past the 
Warriors, 124-112. 

While the home team played mostly 
for the aforementioned pride, Golden 
State played for a ticket to the post-
season. Now losers of four straight, the 

those of the past, seems to be ending 
on an up beat - despite its 
shoncomings. With four of their final 
six games at the Spons Arena (where 
San Diego is 23-14, as opposed to a 
dismal 5-33 on the road). the Clippers 
should finish the '83-'84 season WIth 
over 30 wins, an improvement over last 
season's perfonnance. More importantly, 
they WIll finish with a starting lineup 
that has proven itself - and that is 
much more than can be saId of the 
past. Perhaps the upconung draft or 
some off-season moves can bring the 
dub the depth It so desperatel}, needs, 
for only In forward Keiser and injured 
forward Michael Brooks can the team 
expeL! truly consistent playoff the 
bench. First-year coach Jim Lynam 
(whose daughter Kathy attends UC5>D) 
has done well WIth the group he has 
managed this yeM. If the team drafts 
well - and signs the picks it dl1lfts - it 
should be ahle to fill up the holes in the 
pine. 

Pride says a lot lor a team. A winnmg 
season says more. The club is showing 
sparks of bnlliance here in the late-
go mg. Provided the kindling of a deep 
bench, the San Diego Clippers may yet 
catch fire in this league, and certainly 
have a shot at stringing together a good 
early-gOing, middle-gOing and late-gOing 
en route to a playoff berth. That will be 
the goal next season. Until then, it's just 
pride. 

737 Pearl 
La Jolla 

456-1170 
456-1815 

PRECISION 

April 2. 1984 25 

HAIRCUTS __ .... 
'01' mea .... WOIile. Offer expires 4~16-84. 
-----------------T--------~----~ .. --·--· ... PRECISION HAIRCUT I PERM $32.M I (~ng hair extra) women, $13.-

men,$11 ~-------------------I 
Includes shampoo, cut & blow dry 

(long hair extra) 
I CELLOPHANE $15 

QUALnY MOTORING 
ACCESSORIES 

lEAR WIlDOW 
LOUVRES 

..r;a\ 
CAR COVERS 
r,~al '.I" ~ 
,- ~~ 

STEERING WHEELS · BOOKS · EXHAUST SYSTEMS 

PERFORMANCE ",'ORLD 
MlRAYQ-7160 Miramar Road SAN DIEGO-355O University Ave. 

578-7011-next to McDooald's a.ll09-3 blocks east of 805 
Spec1al Discount for Students, Sta11 and Faculty at UCSD. 

- With TIU8 Ad -
bpiNlAprU 16. 1984 

Contiki has been sOOwing Europe to the 18-35's on a budget 
tor over 22 years now, so we really know what young people 
want. Plenty of action advenlure and tun even U you come 

alone. the chance to make new mends lrom all 
over the world. 

You'll discover the real Europe With plenty 01 opportunity 10 
spend lime on YOOJ' own meeting the local people and doing 

the special things yoo wanl 10 do 
Join us and we'llshow whaI we mean. We'll show you ourConlila 
movie. laik 10 you aboul travelling and answer your questions. ~ 
Friends welcome loo! Eurore with ConIlIti ... lhere·s no belterway 

lor ~he 18-35's. -l':~ 
- /~ . 

AId 9. 7-9 pm. NodIl CoodawDc» 800m (~nN1'IKi) ~ ,/ ~~ ...... . 
(m the SIu<.lenl Cent .... ) - - - - y 

Retreshments wW be served. The World's Leading Tour Operato r 
RSVP to c;c.'ndl Tlaftl br pboM or waIk-bl for the 18.35's C·~ ,c-. ~ 

4&2.0630. 2Ad Door ~ U. ~ c.ar. 
PI .. laSed: bf ec-,nc:f, TIaftl 

Get lDore out 
of your last 2 years 

of college. 
If for some reason you missed taking Army ROTC in 

your first two years of college, you can still take it in 
your last two. But only if you apply while you're still a 
sophomore. 

In order to make up for the years you missed, you'll 
have to attend a special camp in the summer before 
your junior year. You'll earn up to a total of $2,900 in 
the Two-Year Program. You'll get some good 
management experience. And you'll get a commission 
as an Army officer along with a college degree. 

For more information about camp this summer call 
Major Sponbeck or Captain Wells at 265-4943. 



... 

Intramurals provide 
relief from .academia 
By KIM HADDAD 

"The great end of life is not 
knowledge, but action ." 

T.H. Huxley 
Can this possibly be true , you may ask, 
a s we head into another quarter at 
UC D? Where , then , does knowledge 
co me into the picture, or more 
appropriately, why the heck am I 
strugghng through college? Well, we've 
all heard the remarkable stories of high 
sc hool dropouts who discover 
something and become millionaires, or 
the 17 -year-olds who've authored some 
of the still well- read classical '!lovels. But 
these are rare events. 

W hat is Huxley getting at? How could 

action pOSSibly be more significant in 
our lives than knowledge? We've all 
heard Ihe old adage that "All work and 
no play makes Jack a dull boy." At 
UC D, this is all too true! Intense 
academic pursuits tend to make playa 
foreign concept at UCSD. We stumble 
into the Pub or wander through TGs in 
search of some sort of release from the 
mundane life of a college nerd. In effect, 
we usually end up drinking a bit tOO 
much beer, leaving with the same 
feelings of unfulfillment as well as a 
sltght headache. 

So your hfe IS sounding pretty bleak, 
eh? Well, do not despair, for there is 

... with brother Craig on the ':final four" Phi Delta scj"tball team. 

still hope. For myself, as well as a host 
of othe r students, we have found an 
escape [rom the nerd syndrome. 
Intramurals have restored o ur fai th and 
reassured us that there IS It fe outSide 
Central Library. 

Intramurals proVide weary students 
With the opportunity to alleviate some of 
the tensions caused by everyday life. It 

Rob "Chip" Leopold exhibited perfect defenSive posture as he learned ... 

is a chance to relieve pent-up anxieties 
and academi frustration without 
harming your roommate or threatening 
to do worse to your professors. 
Intramurals fulfill our need to recreate in 
a constructive way. Moreover, without 
our participation, just think of aU those 

referees and umpires who would be 
without employment. In aU seriousness, 
the benefits o f such partlcipatlon are 
more than wort h the time put mto 
them. But you may say that you have 
toO many classes or Just don't have the 
time to involve yourself With such 
foolishness. Well , remember Jack .... 
BeSides, Mike Hipp and Scott Berndcs 
have had many, many years of 
exp enence in the organization or 
intramurals and understand that 
academi s are of top priority for most. 
They have organized the program so 
that there are minimal conflicts . 

Games start within the nrst weeks of 

Sunday 
1 

. 

Tau Kappa Epsilon 
Spring R·ush 

Monday 
2 

Chapter Meeting 
HL 1402, 7:00 

Rushee's 
Welcome 

Tuesday 
3 12:00 Noon 

Revelle Plaza 
Polynesian 

Dancers 
4:30 ~ Surfing 

5:00 
Little Sisters 

Meeting 
Peterson Hall 102 

6:30~10:00 -
Luau, South 

Scripps Beach 

Wednesday 

4 
Thursday 

5 Bil Brother 
Little Suter 
Get tOiether 

8:00 
by Teeter Totter 

Banana Split 
Eating Contest 

Make Your Own 
Sunday 

Friday 

6 
T.K.E'/ A.S. 

lponaored T.G. 
4:00 • The Hump 

TEETER~TOTTER Surf Music, Exotic TEETER~TOTIER 
MARATHON BEGINS--Drinks and--f-- 100 HOURS -+-------MARATHON ENDS 

Refreshments 

8 Pool Party UCSD 
Canyon View 

Pool 
3:00 ~ 6:00 
Racquetball 
Waterpolo 
Swimming 

Refreshment 

Chapter 
Meeting 

7:00 HL 1402 
Rushee's 
Invited 

9 10 
$1 .00 

Movie NiKht 
Buy Tickets In 

Advance 

*Rushees go FREE 
Meet in front 

of Urey! 

Time to be 
announced. 

11 

Italian Dinner 
Meet the TKE's 

6:00 ~ 9:00 
Interna tiona I 

Center 

12 
Cocktail Party 

and 
Slide Show 
7:00·10:00 

at 
The Community 

Center 
La JoUa Viii_lEe 

Square 
lat. Level, acrOis 

from Pireta 

13 

Saturday 

7 

Open Party 
1950 Coalt Blvd. 

Del Mar 
Presenting 

The Pirutripes 
9 • 1 , UCSD 1.0. 

Required 

14 
FINAL 
PARTY 

9pm. lam 
La Jolla Farma 
9805 Blk Gold 

*WOMEN .•. Come find out about our little sister program. Info table on Revelle Plaza. 

... 

Super Studs stunned the world when they upset Friends of Fat Chuck and won the men 's A title . 

the quarter, and final games generally 
wind up prior to finals week. Likewise , 
most games are scheduled for evenings 
during the week, or on weekends. 
Spons do not overlap tOO often, so those 
of you desiring to play more than one 
are able to do so. 

Mike Hipp said that as an intramural 
director, his goal is "to allow students to 
get out and playas many different 
sportS as they desire ." He also added 
that intramurals provide students with 
an opportunity to experience new 
spons. You do not have to necessarily 
be good at a particular sport. Simply 
having the desire to play is enough. 

Hipp feels that to fully bendit from 
academic work at UCSD, students need 
to mix their studies with athletic 
activity. As codirectors of intramurals. 
ScOtt Bemdes and Mike Hipp are here 
to ensure that all students who wish to 
abide by Huxley's words of wisdom are 
given the opportunity to do so. 

Students participating in intramurals 
seem to be pleased with the program. 
Here is a sample of student opinion, 
taken at random: 
. "lMs give me a chance to make and play 
with friends on a competitive leve\." 
. " ... a chance to relax and meet interesting 
people with common Interests: athletics. 

• •• 

• 

• 

• 

They have taught me that there is a lot 
more to school than books." 
. ·· Intramurals provide physical and social 
contan with the opposite sex." 
. "IMs are an integral part of my life . I've 
played about nve sports per quarter and 
have also been a referee. The best part , I 
think, is the people ." 
. "IMs are a real pisser! " 
. "To me, intramurals mean getting the 
chance to play organized sportS without 
having to take a class. It also gives me the 
chance to meet different people ... and it is 
the only exercise .1 get aU week long." 
. "What are IMsr' 

. "Athletic camaraderie , coupled with the 
thrill of scintillating competition, They are 
a release from the tedious monotony of 
academic life with rigorous sportSplay." 
. "1 see IMs as another means of avoiding 
studying." 

As you can see, most students agree 
that there is much truth in what Huxley 
says. Well , what are you waiting for -
start forming your teams for spring 
quarter before the nerd syndrome 
infiltrates your very being, making 
escape impossible. Take part in the fun 
- you will enjoy the many benents! 

University Events Office presents 

James Bond's 
all time high. 

ROGER MOORE 
as IAN FLEMING'S 

JAMES BOND 007'-

Friday, April 6, 8:00 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 

$2.00 
UCSD Box Office: 452-4559 __ ----1_ 



28 April 2, 1984 
~PORT,> 

FORD BRONCO II 
and the U.S. Volieyball 
Team ... ATough Team 
to Beat! 

------ UCSD Events Office presents 

o Bronco II has the 
most powerful V-6 
engine-more 
horsepower and 
torque than 
Chevy S- I 0 Blazer, 

• Tighter turning 
radius than the 
S-IO Blazer or 
Jeep CJ 's. 

SUSAN SONTAG 
E SSA YlST AND author Susan Sontag is probably beSt 

known fD r her se ries of essays On Photography, and [or 
her bODk-length essay Illness as Metaphor, Ms. So ntag, 
whose work has been translated IOLD seve nteen 
languages, has rece ived lellDws hlp, frDm the 
Guggenheim and Rockefeller loundatlons, and has 

WDn the NatlDnal BDOk Critics Award. 

April 2, Monday, 7 :30 p.m , 
Mandeville Auditorium 

G.A. $5.50, St. &: Sr. $3.50 
UCSD Box Office &: Ticketron: 452-4559 __ 

o lWin-Traction 
Beam suspension 
for controlled 
riding_ 

o Removeable rear 
windows and sun 
roof options! 

AT FORD, QUALITY IS 
JOB#I! 

NAVY NUCLEAR 
ENGINEERING 

any better offers? $24,000 
to $54,000 after 6 years. 
If you are 19 to 26 years 
of age majoring in math, 

chemistry, physics or 
engineering and would 
like to learn more about 

this opportunity 

CALL 
COLLECT 
(619) 

293-6746 
Call between the hours of 9 
am La 5 pm , Mon. lhru Wed . 

Sockers coast 
into finals 
By ANDREW KEELER 

The San Diego Sockers are again 
hilling their stride in the race fDr a 
third cDnsecutive indDDr soccer 
champiDnship. 

Although twO' of their top defenders 
were out with injuries, and others 
banged up , the Sockers played "maybe 
the greatest indoor game of our career: 
accDrding to cDach RDn Newman in a 7-
2 victory over the GDlden Bay 
Eanhquakes. Last night's win in San 
Francisco cDmbined with Thursday's 5-2 
victory over the 'Quakes in San Diego 
gives the Sockers a birth in the NASL 
finals against the New YDrk Cosmos, 
whO' eliminated the Chicago Sting with 
an 8-7 Victory last night 

The ability to' sh~ll dDwn league-
leadmg scorer Steve Zungul proved to be 
the key to Sari Diego's surpri~mgly easy 
vicLDries. HDwever, stopping Zungul 
took its toll Dn the players; Gary Collier 
and Eric Geyer were injured in the first 
game and cDuld nDt play last night. Both 
are queStiDnable fDr the finals. 

Goalkeeper Jim Gorsek whO' took 
Dver midway through the season fDr the 
injured Alan Mayer, played brilliandy in 
the playoff series, Three Df the fDur 
gDals he allDwed occurred when San 
Diego was shDnhanded, Defenders 
Manin Donnelly, Guy Newman and 
rookie star Kevin Crow alsO' cDntributed 
stellar effons. 

When the Sockers weren't frustrating 
the 'Quakes Dffense, they were riddling 
goalie Bob Rigby and the Golden Bay 
defense. Jean Wilrich scDred a hat trick 
last night, and !\de CDker and Julie Veee 
each tallied twO' goals in last Thursday'S 
cDntest. Crow also sCDred a goal in each 
game. 

continlltd from pogc 23 
the rest - needless to say, that's nor 
terribly good. Some expect this group to' 
traverse the climb to' the tDP of the 
divisiDn in '84. They point to the 
Dffense. They explain that with Terry 
Kennedy, Steve Garvey, TDny Gwynn 
(hiuing A70-plus this spring), a healthy 
Garry Templeton , plus neWCDmers Kevin 
McReynDlds and CarmeiD Maninez (11 
hDmers between them in spring 
traming), this is likely the best Dffensive 
group to call themselves a Padre team. 
They alsO' point to the bullpen, where 
the arrival Df Goose Gossage is being 
heralded as the SecDnd CDming Df the 
Messiah. AlthDugh Gossage does 
strengthen an already decent group, 
look fDr him to have an up-and-dDwn 
season (mDre up than down, at least) as 
a "rookie" in the National League. 

So these Dptimists point to the 
offense and bullpen and say "See?" In 
return. I point [0 the staning pitching 
and the defense, and I say, ·sr." What I 
see is " shaky group that must hDpe fDr 
another 82-Lollar or 83-Dravecky to' 
emerge from the shadDws as an early-
season pitching phenDm. Looking at the 
double-digit run productiDn many 
DppDnentS have racked up in spring 
train ing games. I don't see this 
happening. 

In improving its offense and pen 
while weakening its defense, the team 
has CDme Dut ahead. But in failing to' 
Improve its start ing pitching, the team 
has stagna ted . The Padres will match 
thclr best fin ish ever, founh plact: . 
Again . 

an Frandsen and Cinclnn.\tI bring 
up the NL West rear, and alter bei ng 
kiLl-cd around all ,eason , a Gt.lI1 t-Red 
rcar II will be. The Gian ts have AI Oliwr 
and Manny rnllD and a very gDod relic! 
corp!>, btlt httle ebc, oth (; r than hope. 
I he Red!> h,lve 11 0 nuthln ', .IIlU what I 
IJ"I \car tcrrm:d "1 hl' Lillie Red Lnglnc 
thJt 'Couldn 'l, and l.an I. and Won [ ' 
IU TUIt1S JU S[ [h.1t In IYH4 

Apn/2,1984 29 
..... 1·( 1I< I ..... 

Kalamazoo awaits UCSD women netters 
By JULIE RICHTER 

With the national ChampiDnships in 
Kalamazoo, Michigan drawing doser, 
the UCSD women's tennis team will be 
striving for peak perfDrmances in 
upcoming matches. The win-loss recDrd 
fDr the season is currently 14-6, with 
mDSt losses coming at the hands of top 
DivisiDn I SChDols. Although last season's 
statistics were seemingly better, with a 
final record of 14-4, the added 
competition to' this year's schedule is 
composed of decisively tDugher schools, 

In the latter pan Df March, UCSD 
scDred victDries over Div. I Nonhem 
Arizona University (9'{» and Div. II Cal 
State Bakersfield , and was defeated by 
top-ranked Div. I schools Cal State Long 
Beach (8-l) and Yale University (8-1). 
In the Yale match, the number three 
doubles team of Rea-Sani were the sole 
winners with a 6-1. 6'{) score, but all 
three dDubles teams went three close 
sets. CDmmenting on the loss. cDach Liz 
Dudash La Plame said , -I was happy to 
see that there were some close matches 
against Long Beach State , and that three 
matches went three sets ." 

-The team has been doing fantastic 
this season," added La Plante. ·We really 
didn't know how much strDnger these 
new teams we scheduled to play were 
going to be." 

TO' lead Dff the team's 9'{) victDry 
against cDmpetitive Div. 11 Cal State 
Bakersfield Dn March 16 was Jessica 
VemDn, whO' easily defeated her 
Dpponent 6-1, 6-2. Cathy Sturdivant, 
who regularly plays number one, is 
recovering from a back injury and will 
soon retum to competitiDn. Nadine 
AkimotD playing number twO', WDn 6-0, 
6-3, and with Lisa Gilben scDred a 6-3, 
7-6 win . Meli Sani , after dropping her 
tlrst set 6-3, came back to' win 6-0 , 6-0, 
Rounding Dut the team's Victory were 
number lour player Glenna Moses, who 
won 6-0, 6-1, and Brigid Rea, whO' 
defeated her Dpponent 6-4, 6-1. 

In doubles play, the number one team 
of Akimoto-Vemon won handily 6-4, 6- , 
2, and Gilben-Moses, the number twO' 
doubles team, likewise achieved a win at 
6-4, 7-6, The number three doubles 
team of Sani-Rea dominated its match 
with a 6-2. 6-4 result. 

$25 OFF 
14K Gold 

$15 OFF 
10K Gold 

All Other Rings $11900 
Place: 
University Boollstore 
Date: 
A/lriI.4, 5 & 6 

FREE TRAVEL GIFT 
Purchase a Round Trip Flight to Europe or Asia with 
CIEE at our low student airfares by April 16, 1984 and 

receive one of the following gifts of your choice: 
-International Student 1.0. Card 

• Let's Go Europe Book 
- Passport Carrier / Money Belt 

CODt.ct 
CIEE/COUDCil Travel 

452-0630 
for details 4429 c... St., P.B. UCSD St. ... t c.u .. 

Against NDrthem Arizona University, 
a Div. I school, all matches were 
completed in straight sets. Number Dne 
player Vernon scored a bagel 6-0, 6-0, 
and Akimoto WDn 6-4, 6-1. Gilben 
defeated her Dpponent 6-0. 6-2, as did 
Sani, who WDn easily 6- L, 6-1. Number 
fDur player MDseS scored a 6-{) , 6-4 win 
and Rea also won 6-2, 6-0. 

am, UCSD will meet BiDIa University, a 
team which UCSD beat last year 9-{) . A 
tough Div. I school, Cal State FullenDn 
challenges the Tritons Dn Friday, April 
13 at 2 pm. This shDuld be a close 
match, as UCSD was barely edged Dut 
by this team last year .5-4. UCSD will be 
playing the most important match 
against Occidental CDllege Dn Saturday, 
April 14 at 11 :30 am. Both UCSD and 
Occidental are tDP cDntenders for the 
NCAA Division UI tide. 

The rest Df UCSD's matches except 
Dne (against Point Loma on April 5) are 
at home. On Saturday, April 7 at 11 :30 

... coach Liz Dudash fA Plante to insert Jessica Vernon into the number one singles slot. 

---------CONDOMINIUM---~ 
WXURIOUS 2 bedroom, 2fullbattls, J,2S9squar~teetofIMng 
space - all on one fIoorl No gloom her~ - cathedral ceiling with 
sky light Buflt-in mi~- ~ and many other 
efl1beIlist'.met Its. l\w car garage wtth automatic door opener 
yet)Ou can walk to UCSD and Beth EI. 

'148,100 
How..cl Rodgers 57.2745 
Dolphin .... ..,. 57.9650 

The Outstanding lrutieueion far 
Jewish HigheT Learning in the West 

uniVERSity 
o~ ]uOalsm 

Los Angeles 

B.A. PROGRAMS • Lee CoUe,e: a unique 4·year liberal arts 
college combining the study of Jewish and 
Western Civilization. 

_ Joint Pqram: earn a double B.A. from 
UCLA and U.j. 

M.A. PROGRAMS 
- Judaica 
• Rabbinics O.T.S. affiliate) 
• Education (California state certification), 

M.B.A. • Jewish Communal Service 
PROGRAMS • Not~for~Profit Management 

Recruiter On Campus: 
Wednesday, April .. 

Call Jewish Campus Center. 583..6080 for appointment 



Recreation 
Closs 

Schedule 

SPORTS/FITNESS 
BEGINNING WEIGHT TRAINING-COED BEGINNING BALLET I 
Gory Paul MW 6-7pm 4/11 -6 /6 $ 1 4/:19 Karhy Moe MW 7-8pm 4/11-6/6 5 1 ~/40 

BEGINNING WEIGHT TRAINING FOP. WOMEN BEGINNING DALLET II 
Gory Paul TIH6-7pm 4/ 17-6/7 5141:19 Karhy /W:;)e MW6-9pm 4/11 -6 /6 5 1 ~140 

KARATE BEG_ DALLET FOP. NON-DANCERS 
SIeve Ubi MTIH 5-6pm 4/9 -6 /8 540/6~ Karhy Moe _ SAT 11 -12,:10 41t4-6/16 S 10/:15 

BEGINNING ICE SKATING JAZZ DANCE 
Sraff Th 7 JO-8pm 41'26-51:11 525/50 Beg ScO" Benwn TIH 6 -7 JOpm 4/ 17 -617 52:1/48 
tree skate ro 9 JOpm 
)25 Inc skate rental 

.. rAI CHI CH 'UAN 
Denelle Eknes Oeg T 4-5 

IntJAdv T 5-6 

YOGA. BEGINNING 

4/ 17 -6 /5 
4/ 17 -6 /5 

S 1 0/:15 
$ 10/:15 

Jim !\ex SAT 10- 11 :lOom 4114-6 / 16512/:17 
Adv [l kn f\ex SAT 11 :lO-lom 4/14-6/10 S 1 2/:17 

BALLROOM DANCE 
[leg Lowell GOSY.:'r TH 6-7 :lOpm 
Adv [l Lowell Gosser i H 7 JO-9pm 

INTERNATIONAL FOLKDANCE 

4119-617 
4/19-6/ : 

ArTuro Galvez M'tI 5-6 4/11 -6/6 S 12/:17 Beg Vicki Maheu MON 6-8pm 419-61. 

YOGA . ADVANCE 0 DEGINNING 
ArTuro Galvez MW6·7 4/ 11 -616 $ 12/:17 

TENNIS 
Beg. 

Tad Yamaguchi 

Adv Beg 
1m. 

TUES 5-6pm 4/ 17-6/5 
SAT 10-110m 4/14-6 /9 
SAT11 -12pm 4/ 14-6 /9 
SAT 12-1pm 4/ 14-6/9 

TENNIS TRAINING FOR COMPETITION 
Tod Yamaguchi MW 7.JO-8:JOom 4/11-6/6 

TAOIST YOGA 

S 20145 
520/45 
520/45 
S 20145 

5 .. 0/65 

Int Vicki Maheu MON 8-Wpm 4/9-6/4 

MISCELLANEA 
ORIGAMI 
lOA 

MAGIC 
lOA 

16-7 

W6-0 4/10-616 $ 1 ~/40 

Denelle Eknes Oeg Th 5-7 
Int'tl 5-7 

4/ 19-6 /7 
4/ 18-6/6 

$ 1 4/:19 BACK TO BASICS 
$ 14/:19 

JUMP ROPING 
Dove Robinson TTl> 5-6 4/17 -6/1 

ABDOMEN EXERCISE 
Scott Cohn M'tIF 4-5 4/16-6/8 

RACQUETBALL 

Adv Beg 
1m 

MW9-10am 4/11 ·6 /6 
MW 2-Jpm 4/11 -6/6 
TIH 9-10am 4/17 -617 
TIH 2-Jpm 4/17 -617 

~16/· 11 

$ 1 5/40 

Theresa Nunn 
520145 
$20145 
520145 
520145 

LEARN TO TEACH AEROOIC CONDITIONING 
Chene McMullin SAT 10-12n 

TANG 500 DO KARATE 
MW6-7pm 
SAT 6-100m 

SPRINGBOARD DIVING 

Session III 

WF 10-110m 
TIh 10-11 am 
WF 10-110m 
TIh 10-110m 
SAT 11 -12n 

5/5-6/9 

4/11 -6/6 

4/10-5/11 
4/17-5110 
5/16-617 
Sit 5-6!7 
5/1 4-6 /9 

520145 

5 1 ~/40 

Tom Olivo 
520145 
520145 
520/4~ 
520/45 
520145 

TOA Th ~ - 7 4/10-5/16 

UNDERWATER DASKETWEAVING 
Srephanle Lirvak SAT 10-11om 4121-5/12 

SHIATSU MASSAGE 
Gory KoIff MON 7-1Opm 4/9-6/4 

Th 4-7 4/19-6/7 

WOMEN'S SELF DEFENSE 
Anne Shup<lck 

MASSAGE 
f\ulh Wise 

CPR 

WED 7-9pm 4/16-6/6 

WED 6-8pm 4/16-6/6 

MW6::l0-lOpm 4/2:1.25 
TIH6.JO-Wpm 5/15.17 
SIS 6:JO-llom 6/2 .:1 

CPR RETRAINING 
WED6·8pm 

FIRST AID·MULTIMEDIA 
TIh 6· 10 
M'tI 6·10 

5/'2:1 

5/1 . :I 
517 .9 

$20145 

S~/:lO 

$ 15/40 
$ 15/40 

55/:10 

$1 ~/40 

$416 
$4/6 
$4/0 

5416 

51:1/17 
S 1:1/17 

CONDITIONtN_G_1 AEROBICS 
MWF 
MWF 
MW 
TIh 
MW 
MWF 
MWF 
TIh 
TIh 
TIh 
TIh 
1lh 
TIh 
Sot 
1lh 
MWF 

4-5pm 
5-6pm 
5-6pm 
6 :JO-7:JOom 
6-7pm 
12:10-12:50pm 
12:10-12:50pm 
8-8:50pm 
12:10-12:50pm 
4-5pm 
4:45-5:45pm 
5-6pm 
6-7pm 
8 :JO-10am 
5-6pm 
8-8:50am 

IDA 
IDA 
Neveu 
Houseman 
'Neveu 
McMullin 
Schwartz 
Houseman 
Oonnert 
Schwartz 
Houseman 
McMullin 
McMullin 
McMullin 
Schwartz 
()onnert 

$25/50 
~25/50 
$17/42 
$17/42 
$18/4J 
$2J/48 
$21/46 
$16/41 
$14/39 
$17/42 
$18/24 
$19/44 
$19/44 
$12/37 

S17/4 ~­
$22/47 

4/11 -6/8 
4/11 -6/8 
4/1(-6/1 5 
4/1'2-6/7 
4/11·6/1J 
4/6-6/15 
4/11 -6/11 
4/12-6/12 
4/12-6/7 
4/12-6/7 
4/12-6/12 
4/17-6/14 
4/17-6/14 
4/14·6/1f. 
4/12-6/7 
4/11 -6/11 

North Oolcony 
West Oolcany 
I\ec Coot I\m 
IDA 
West Oolcooy 
l\ec Cant I\m 
Wrestling I\m 
I\ec Coot I\m 
I\ec Coot I\m 
North Oolcony 
Scripps 
l\ec Cant I\m 
West Ookany 

~ec Cant I\m 
West Oolceny 
l\ec Cant I\m 

no closs 5126 ·28 

Sign up In 00- x40J7 
No refunds ofter the 
second closs meeting , carnpua rec: .... tlan 

Deportment of Physical Educafion 

Spring 
'84 

SWIMMING 
Children 6 Teens 
Porenls 6 TOls 

Tiny Tals 

Beginning 

Adv Beg 

Int IAdv 

Sprlngboord 

SAT 9-9: 300m ~/l ~·619 
SAT 9::l0-100m 411~-619 
SAT 1 0-1 O· 300m ~11 ~·619 
SAT 10,30·11om 4114·619 
SAT 9·100m 4/14·619 
SAT 10-110m 411~·6/9 
SAT 11 -12n 411~·6/9 
SAT 10-11 am 4114·6/9 
SAT 11 -12n 4114·6/9 
SAT 9-100m 411~-619 
SAT 10-11 am 4/1 ~·6/9 

1201.5 
1201~5 
520/~5 
1201.5 
1201.5 
UOl~5 
nOl.5 

UOI~5 
120/.5 
1201.5 

UOI~5 

Diving see d.scriplion under SPOP.TS 6 mNESS 
Synchro SWim SAT 11 -12n ~/1 ~·6/9 5201 .. 5 

Adult 
Beg 
Adv_ Beg 
Snoke Brush Up 
Springboard 
Diving 
Svnchro SWim . 

SAT 8-90m ~/14·619 
SAT 11-12n ~/l~·619 
SAT 8- 9.JOom 4/14·619 

I •• d.scripllon un«t.r SPOP.TS 6 FITNESS 
SAT 9-11 am ~/1 4-6/9 1201.' 

WORKSHOPS 
Add ~4 It voy don'l ho~ a rIec. COrd. 

STALKING THE WILDFLOWER Encor.' 
Local botanist. Mitchell Deouchomp. will return to teach 
this fun and informative wOlkshap. Join him on a ~Id 
trip to explore the many wildflowers in Son Diego. 
Enjoy the spring beouly of these flowers and learn to 
identify them. as well as ather local floro. 
SAT April 1~ 9.;)()·12n 52 
AUTO MAINTENANCE 
Understanding the mysterres of auto maintenance 
makes the process easier-learn to recogniZe what 
must be done. how often and haw 10 dO-it-yourself, 
Drakes. lubrication. healing and cooling systems. IlrM 
and general maintenance tips will be cove~. 
Includes hands·on experience in rune·ups and ail 
changes. question/answer and discussion. Dring a 
lunch, 
SAT April 211 9om-4pm ~ 1 2 

TENNIS CUNIC 
Improve on your tennis game- by watching yourwlf 
play. TenniS cooch. Tad Yomoguchl. will fine· rune 
partIcipants' s[ral~es by allowing them to view lhe>m-
selves hinrng forehands. backhands. serves, valt.ys. 
lobs and overheads. It will prove to be a very us.ful 
clinic for all tenniS ployers. 
SUN May 6 90m·10.:>Oom 12.50 

DARDEQUIMG 
ThiS .3 hour workshop will Include bosic fire starting tips 
along w ith marinades side dishes and equIpment We 
WIll gnll seafood. poultry and beef . and compore 
cooking techniques. Recipe packoge included_ 

~"T May 19 10om·lpm ~,o 
DAY AT .. . 
T al~e a study breol~ . . . Take your famIly . . . Toke your 
favonte fflends and spend a day at . . . 

SAN DIEGO ZOO 
Spend a day toll~lng With the animals at America's 
premier zoo Day will Include bus tour_ animal shows. 
and a VISit to the chlldren'S penrng zoo . as well as 
plenty of ume 10 VISit your tovome furry. feathery. and 
scaly fnends 
SUN April 29 90m-4pm S 1 1 adults S 7 children 

SEA WOP.LD 
Go behInd lhe scenes and learn from the expertS 
abaul monne predator-prey relatIOnships. food pyra-
mids. and onlmal adoplauans via a special sea lion 
shaw and mul[lmedla presentatIon Then spend [he 
afternoon at your leisure Viewing Sea World's many 
aquauc shaws and exhibits 
SAl May' 2 90m·4pm sa everyoM 

DALDOA PAP.K 
Explore the many d,verse attroc[ions Dolboo Park has 
to offer- from theoters to museums to recreational 
facilllles_ Day will Include viSIts to several of the vanous 
attraCtIons available WIth on agenda tlexlble enough 
10 fit everyone's needs 
SUN May 20 1lJom·4pm ~ 11 adulu 16 children 

KITE·MAKING AT MISSION DAY 
Let's go fly a IlIle! EnjOy a sunny. relaxtul day alongSIde 
beautiful MISSion Day and leorn from an expert how to 
mal~e the perfect kite . And how to send II soonng 
upwards to the sky Price Includes malerrois and Instruc· 
lion. Also Included Will be a true old fashloned pICnIC 
With all [he fnlls 
SAl Jun. 2 10om·3pm S9 oduks )6 children 
All above pnces Include transportation & any aomlsSlon 
costS W,th the exception at 1~I[e making please bnrtC;) 
a sacl~ lunch or money 10 buy your own. 

, 

• 

CIaIIIfIed acMrtIling apace II IOId In 
100 character IncremeI .... IactI ..... 
punc:luallon mark and apace beh..." 
wordIli CONi __ a character. witt 
capital I.He,. counting a. two 
chaladerl. the rate II ,t.oo per tOO 
chaIacterI lor IIudentI and $3.00 per 
100 ChcIIacoittI tor naMIudenta. You 
InUIt come by 1M afIIce or moll In your 
ad. (11_ require ~ In acMInce 
of publication. Decldll,..: I pm 
Tu •• _ tor 1hu1'ldaV" paper; I pm FrI_ far MondcJo(. paper. For more 
Information, call .52-3.66. Th. 
QuardIan, UCSO. 1-016. Lo Jolla. CA 
92093. 

HOUSING 

Condo for rent. 2br. 200. patio. pool. spa. 
sauna. 1 mi, UCSD. gf80f for students. 
S885+dep. 449-1198, (4/2) 
Female roommate IfoKlnted to shale 4 
bdrm/2 bth home in North Cl'mont 
w/young prot. woman. Garage & 
laundry foell. Prefer grod student or staff. 
Rent negotiable. Coli 569-5203 eYeS. 
(4/9) 
PrIvate room. both & gorage for $185 
plus utilities In Mira Mesa. CIYIs 271-6508 
or 749-1631 X 276. (4/2) 

~ PERSONALS 

'''No/TIen. Authority and the Family" 
Socialist-Feminist study group beg. 
April 9 at Groundwork Books. 
Decentralized Format. flee. 452-9625, 
Come by 04Jl Open House Fri. ~I/ 13. 
4:3Q..6:301 (4/2) 
ZST the ~ and fastest growing 
fraternity on campus. Come cheCk us 
aut. (4/2) 
We cIfef the men at UCSD on open 
invitation to join DElTA SIGMA PHI. Look 
for us on Revelle plaza, (4/5) 
vmat has 78 legs. 6 wheels. and 25 
canoes? Phi Delta Theta and their bus on 
their Colorado RIver Trip. (4/2) 

Shy Hands killer dance music wi Red 
Paris opening at the Che Cafe 4/6 only 
S2.SO at 8:30. (4/5) 
"Wally. I've got the hot ideo - let·s rush 
Phi Delta Theta." "Sounds like a plan 
Beaver." (4/2) 
Goldl GoIdl On sale Josten's College 
rings AprIl 4-5-6. (4/5) 
Meet a true gentleman I The syched 
students against apathy for on enriched 
education ore bockl (SAE,Y (4/2) 
Anet. Thanx tor being a super pres. lAI'8'l/ 
miss youl Good luck. Love. Your Sigma 
Kappa SIsters. (4/2) 
Congratulationsll! Kendall. YOU'1i make a 
great Slg t<op pres. Best cl luck to you. 
loYe. Maggie. (4/2) 
Dear Big At I think you as a very special 
person I I care about you lots. Love 
always, Undo. (4/2) 
Dave M To the best TKE big bro, a girl con 
hove. Have a great dayl See yo at Horrys. 
(4/2) 
ZBT fraternity is finally on campus. 
Information on Revelle Plaza. We look 
forward to meeting you. (4/2) 
Party up w/ Topper and 3 Simple Words 
on Sot 4-7-34 from 8-12 midn in the Rae 
Gym, A DSP Productton. (4/5) 
ElpI'95S your success Josten's College 
ring on sale April 4-5-6. (4/5) 
To #2705, you guys are the bestl Remind 
me not to "Study" there again. Belts n 
IAl'8tsults? love Peals. (4/2) 

WANTED 

PART-TIME housekeeping. Ilv&in. salary. 
own rm. fum. Reliable congenial person. 
Need ca 273-5458. (4/2) 
PART-TIME live-in housewaker. Sol .• Fum. 
Rm. La Jolla. Relloble<ongenlol 273-
5458. (4/9) 
Part-time otfice oss·t (type/file). flex 5-10 
tn/liN.. eves/v.N..nds. $5/hr .. Call Chris. 
454-3803. (4/2) 
Youth advisor for reform Temple Jr. & Sr. 
Youth groups. Youth activities &/or 
camp counselling acperIence. Send 
resume Rabbi Martin S. Lawson 6'm 
Copri Dr .. SO 92120. (4/2) 

. WHAT'S THE 
DIFFERENCEl 
The difference: A Written 

Guarantee. We have student 
discounts, and eveninl hours, 

just like many other shops. But, 
unlike others, we back up all our 

work in writing, If, after we've cut, 
permed, or colored your hair, you're 
not completely happy, call us within 

seven days. We'1I redo your hair at no 
e)(tra charge. That's a LJig difference. 

9AM to 9PM Mon . • Tues . • Wed. • Thurs_ 
gAM to 7PM Fri. • 9AM to 6PM Sat. 

La Jolla Villase Convenience Center 
Next to Ralphs and 5.1v-On 

457-3334 
, 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 

Contrary to popular belief ZebeS is not a 
rew brand of Ice cream. Irs a new 
fraternity. Rush Itl (4/2) 
Phi Delts - Spring Ring - Friday at the 
Choteau. Be therel (412) 
DELTA SIGMA PHI will be accepting new 
members during Spring RuSh, OIeck the 
Revelle Into table. (4/5) 
Donce party cl the 8O's w/ 3 Simple 
Words and Topper this Sot. at 8 pm In Rae 
Gym. A DSP Production. (4/5) 
Study groups on Rodical Economlcs/ 
Criticlsffi/Post-lndustTlol OIange/Soviet 
Union/Central Amerlca/Collectives/ 
Women & the family/Appropriate 
Tech/MorxIsm-Leninlsm - sign-ups start 
today at Groundwork books in student 
center. Decentralized tormat and free. 
452·9625 for Info. (4/2) 
Born Cross·Eyed for your Sunday 
afternoon at the Che Cote, Come at 3 
pm 4/8 only $2. (4/5) 
Shy Hands killer donee rruslc w/ Red 
Paris opening at the Che Cafe 4/6 only 
52,SO at 8:30. (4/5) 
Word and June SO( that Phi Delta 1heta 
Is the only fraternity tor their Wally and 
Beov, (4/2) 
Best salecltheyeor Josten's Rings April 4-
5-6 Bookstore. (4/5) 
Zebes go Greek join Zeta Beta Tou 
fraternity. Look for ZBT rush Info on Revelle 
Plaza. (4/2) 

SERVICES 

YtORD PROCESSING: Speedy service. 
PIckup & delivery on campus. Call ,4.ndy 
at 279-1ll56. (4/2) 
Experienced proctor will tutor pascol 
finals week. Michelle at 755-2418 or 457-
7060 x123. 512/hour. (4/2) 
UIW\IANTEO HAIR REMOVED PERMAi'lENT-
L Y near campus. La Jolla Prclesslonal 
Center. 8950 Villa La Jolla Dr. Suite 11 tIJ-
C Coli for oppt 457-4039. (6/7) 

Typlngl Wad Processingl Rush jobs! Term 
popers. theses. resumes. transcription. 
Jennifer. 274-5005. (6/7) 
TYPING: IBM RUSH JOBS term popers 
theses dissertations editing 453-0656 
(eve) 452-5188. (6/7) 
Manuscripts, theses. dissertations. 
resumes typed. Experienced. $1 page OS 
Betty 755-4779. (5/24) 
Top drawer secretarial service reports. 
manuscripts. resumes . letters . 
Reasonable call 481·41t1J. (5/3) 

FOR SALE 

\IN superbeetIe '71, rebuilt engine. good 
condition In/out. S19SO. OIris. 454-3803 
or 454~79. (4/2) 
Vespa scooter P125-X1982, 51( miles 011 
options. Asking S1000. Coli Von otter 6 
pm 755-1851. (4/2) 
Guitar: 12-string Yamaha FG-312 In 
great condition w/copo. Y.! gross of picks. 
string winder. Brand new strings. PaId 
S500 tor guItar & hard case. S350 or best. 
Coli Jill 455-6:)52 or leave nome & # , 
(4/2) 

LOST Be FOUND 

Found - Silver ned<lace with pendant 
at TGIO lost quarter. Coli 455-9849 and 
Identify. (4/9) 
S40 RelfoKlrd for retum d ladles White 
cardigan. 30 years old, Very special to 
me. 755-1436. (4/5) 

TRAVEL 

Council travel/CIEE provides information 
on student charters. railposses. Inrt 
student kfs. hostel cords. tours for ages 
18-35. work and study programs. and 
much more. Stop by the Student Center 
or call 452-0630. (6/7) 

r----- WIth this COUpon thru .. ,....------, I Ray Ian Wayfarers Sella EI....... NOW I 
I 4 colors. 2 sizes $4().$45 $26.99 I 
I I 
I Look-Ain. SIyIea: I 
: CopIes of Phonet. Wayfarer, Ski S5-8 $1.99 I 

L_~~~~d_u.P:~.~!.c~!t=· ____________ 1 
W. GUARANTEE we have the lowest sunglall prices of 

any store In San Diego or we'll pay the dm.rencet 
Vuamet. Ray Ban • carrera • SUncloud 

Bolle. Bucci • Hoble • Etc .. etc. 
Sunglasses $2.99 to $149.99 

Paap'c E~f7.l 
Our Lumberyard Store Our Old TCM'ne Store 

745 First St. 2461 #100 Son Diego Ave. 
Encinitas /942-0337 Old TONn / 692.Q059 

1030G Torrey Pines Rd. 
(bV the yogurt Altair) 

La Jolla / 454-8006 
(formerly ExpIessions Unlimited) 



Third World Studies 
Spring 1984 Courses 

The following courses wi" satisfy requirements for majors 
and minors in the Third World Studies Program. 

Drama 1878, Studio 1: Ensemble: Chicano 
History 1558: Soc. & Econ. History of the Southwest 
History 180: Japan through Ut. & Film 
HiStory 1830: Cinema & Soc. 20th Century China 
History 184: Hist. of People's Rep. of China 
Ut/Eng 183: Themes in Afro-American Uterature 
Ut/Gen 136: African Oral Uterature 
Ut/Span 135: Mexican Uterature 
Ut/Span 151: Themes in Chicano Uterature 
Ut/Span 164: Language and Society 
Music 111: Music of Latin America 
Sociology 1880: Latin America Society & Politics 

All students interested in developing a Third World Studies 
major or minor please call 452-3276 or come by TCH8 121 in 
Third CoU 

You're maneuvering 
445 feet of guided 
missile frigate through 
the navigational 
hazards and non-stop 
traffic of one of the 
world's busiest ports. 

Mountain Feativals Films 
Presents: 

FIVE 
INTERNATIONAL 

MOUNTAIN 
CUMBING 

FILMS 
Everest -
Fight for 
the Face-
English 

Eiaer-
Out of the 
Shadow Into 
the Sun-
Swiss 

Little North Face -
New Zealand 

Aby...-French Solo-USA 
Tueaday, April 3, 7:30 pm 

uThe Btlcluloor" 
Aztec Center 

San DieJo State Univ. 
Tickets: 

Students $1.50 / General 13.00 

ment experience that 
could take years in 
private industry. And 
they earn the decision-
making authority it 
takes to make that 
responsibility payoff. 

But you'll dock 
safely. Because you 
know your equipment. 
You know your men. And even when the 
responsibility weighs in at 3,600 tons ... 
you're ready. 

After four years of college, you're 
ready for more responsibility than most 
civilian jobs offer. Navy officers get the 
kind of job and responsibility they want, 
and they get it sooner. 

As their manage-
ment abilities grow, 
Navy officers can take 

advantage of advanced education and 
training in fields as varied as operations 
management, electronics, and systems 
analysis. In graduate school it would cost 
you thousands; in the Navy we pay you. 

Navy officers are part of the manage-
ment team after 16 weeks. Instead of boot 

And the Navy pays well. The start-
ing salary is $17,000 (more than most 
companies pay). And that's on top of a 
comprehensive benefits program that 
can include special duty pay. After four 

camp, officer candidates 
receive four months 
of leadership training. 
It's professional school-
ing designed to sharpen 
their technical and 
management skills. 

Then, in their first 
assignment, Navy 
officers get manage-

r ;;:V~~;;-U-;;;T-;- - - - -; ;:; , 
I INFORMATION CENTER I P.O. Box 5000. Clifton. NJ 07015 
I 0 I'd rather have responsibility sooner. 'Jell me I 
I more about the Navy's officer program. (001 I N_L. __ ~ ____ ~~~ __ ~ __ ___ 
I f'lrot (P .... Print! Laot I Add_. Apt. fI __ _ I City Stat- Zip-- I 
I AI" tCollep,lUnivenity 

*Vear in Colle.. tOPA ___ __ I .Major/ Minor'--_________ _ 
I 
I 

I Phone Number I IA_ Codel a-t Time to Call 
I Thit i. for aeneral recndtment mformetJon. You do not heft to fu.... I ~n'!.~~'" 0.:.",:" .!:=-..!I:n to ~'1,;. ~ho O:.:d:' o~~.':';" ,.;~ 
L tiona for which you quallfy. J 
-----------

years, withre~ar 
promotions and pay in-
creases, the salary is up 
to as much as '31,000. 

If you qualify to 
be an officer in the 
Navy, chances are you 
have what it takes to 
succeed. The Navy just 
makes it happen faster. 

Navy Officers 
Get Responsibility Fast. 

Colbert 
continued from PQfI 2J 
at the end. I really like their line-up. 
With AI Oliver and Manny Trillo, they 
are strong on the right side of me 
infield. ~d those [WO, along wim Jack 
Clark, Jeff Leonard and Chili Davis, 
form me nucleus of a aood-hitting club. 
Their only weakness is at catching. The 
statting staff is good enough, and in the 
bullpen. Gary lavelle is tremmdous. If 
Greg Minton is healthy, look out. 

The Dodgers should finish no higher 
than foutth . They've really been hutt by 
the loss of Garvey, Cey and now Dusty 
Baker. The Dodgers should have 
problems because of one main reason: 
they do not have a leader. On the 
pitching side of things, the 1eague may 
have caught up with Fernando, but he'D 
still manage to post a decent record. 
The rest of the statters are~ - but 
not ood enough. Foutth ce for lA 

Artnta will most likely nish in fifth 
pm<.:e. They've been hutt otT the, field. So 
many of their players went thnn.\&h drug 
rehabilitation programs. It seems like 
Bob Homer is always hurt. He hasn't 
played a full season yet. The pitching is 
bad; Craig McMURry acts like a rookie. 
The Braves have a lot of popular people, 
but that doesn't always work. You can 
go with names but that doesn't solve it 
all. 

Cincinnati is last ... again. 

Yates 
continued from pagt 2J 

~u rings? That is a big question mark If 
the offense is to be complete. 

(3) Braves: The offense should carry 
America's Team with Dale Murphy, the 
best ballplayer in the majors the past 
[wo years, a healthy Bob Homer, Chris 
Chambliss and ClaudeD Washington 
providing the punch. Bruce Benedict hit 
.298 last year, but is by no means a 
defensive specialist. If Rafael Ramirez 
takes me brick ow of his glove and 
Glenn Hubbard gets a shave, they may 
tum more double plays up the middle. 
As for pitching, veteran Phil Nlekro 
went to the Yankees and Pascual Perez 
is still in the slammer, so the sratting 
rotation has only Craig McMuttry (15-9) 
to depend on. Watch for the emergence 
of southpaw Ken Dayley as he gets more 
experience as a statter. Is Joe Tone 
really a major league manager, and can 
the Braves play the end of a season 
without both hands around the neck? If 
both answers are yes, third place is 
where they will finish. 

(4) Astros: POSSibly the ugliest 
uniforms in basebaD. That's strike one. 
Strike [wo is catcher Alan Ashby. The 
last base stealer he threw out in a clutch 
situation was in his dreams. Strike three 
could come if old-timers Nolan Ryan 
(37) and Jose Cruz (36) don't carry the 
team like they did in '83. Speed is a 
plus, with shonstop Dickie Thon 
leading the way with 34 stolen bases. 

(5) Giants: The coldest ballpark in 
baseball in the summeRime will heat up 
only when best player Ja<.:k Clark and 
Manager Frank Robinson talk to one 
another. They don't get along. However, 
Clark, Jeff Leonard and Chili Davis 
comprise a fine outfield. The trio drove 
an a total of 212 runs last year, and if 
newly-acquired AI Oliver stays a Giant, 
San Fran will have four good RBI men. 
The bullpen is good with Greg Minton 
and Gary Lavelle returning alter saving 
42 games in '83. The Giants will not 
contend with the Dodgers and Padres. 
(6) Reds: Who cares!? They will never 
return to the glory years of the 70s unul 
they learn lO pull up their stirrups. And 
Manager Vern Rapp .. who the hell is he? 
The Reds have added Dave Parker to the 
outfield In an attempt to get more run 
production, but he <.:an 't drive In runs If 
there is no one on base. (The Reds were 
the worst hitting team In the NL in '83.) 
Mario Sow is the pit<.:hing stair. but IS he 
really wonh over a million dollars a year? 
Come on. The Big Red Machine? They are 
strictly second-divIsion without Bench , 
Rose , Morgan, Perez, a young Con<.:epdon , 
Grafley and Foster. 

I 


