
--
--
-

--

;.zr -

- ~",:..: =-- -
.. ---~ 

, 
J I , ~ . 

, i , ~iAt~~ , J J , , J 
J If ~ ~ I 

I , I) J 
J J 

J I 

a Itudy 

- lee page 7 



2 Monday. OCI. 1. J 984 

In the first Council rneeang 01 the 
year, the Associated Students 
unanimously passed a controversial 
media budget that had been on hold 
since last June. 

Because of the monetary delay, aD of 
~he .alternative media, including the new 
indIcator, La Chayim and the Voz 
Fronteriza, were stifled over the 
summer. 

The AS once again decided to fund 
the California Review, the newspaper 
that students voted to deny funding to 
in a referendum 16 months ago. The 
referendum is no longer in effect, and 
the Review will now receive $864 in 
student funds for the school year. 

"The only reason the California 
Review wouldn't have gotten funding 
tonight is political purposes," said Ken 
Cariffe, commissioner of 
communications. 

The media budget submitted last year 
by the Council, which would have given 
the media summer funding, was vetoed 
by AS President Marc Boroditsky. 

"All of the alternative media 
complained about their proposed 
funding and said (last year's) budget 
was unfair," said Boroditsky. "I think all 
of them are as much to blame as they 
claim I am." 

Representatives from several of the 
publications attended the Council 
meeting to let their feelings be known. 

Several outbursts occurred as AS Vice 
President Mary Rose Alexander had a 
hard time keeping order. Both the 
conservative and the liberal media 
voiced their concerns, and one 
spectator was almost expelled from the 
meeting. 

Some other items up before the 
Council included the allocation of 
$1,800 for the Women's Resource 
Center. The motion passed withoU( 
strong opposition. 

John Aliano was unanimously 
approved to become the new 
commissioner of programming. 

One appointment that failed to pass 
the Council was that of Catherine Silsby 
as Lobby Annex director. The major 
reason for the disapproval appeared to 
be the failu re of Commissioner of 
Appointments and Evaluations John 
Trumpler to interview an adequate 
number of applicants before making a 
recommendation. It was agreed by a 
majority of the Council that Silsby was 
more than qualified for the job, but the 
Councilmembers felt that more students 
should have been considered . The item 
was postponed until Wednesday'S 
meeting. 

o 

Professor Paul Henry, distinguished 
classicist and early faculty member of 
the Department of Philosophy at UCSD 
died in Belgium, where he was 
conducting research in August. 

Dr. Richard Popkin, the first 
chairman of the Department 01 
Philosophy who is now teaching at 
Washington University in SI. Louis, 
wrote ro his colleagues at UqiD to tell 
them of Henry's death. 

Henry was a member of the UCSD 

faculty from 1966 to 1968. He then 
retired from UCSD to carry out research 
in Europe. Henry was a renowned 
classicist specializing in the work of 
PlOlinus and St. Augustine. 

o 
Lut February in Boston, in the largest 

national meeting of student leaders and 
activists since the Vietnam War, 1600 
people agreed that student voter 
registration was the top priority on 
college campuses in 1984 and voted to 
declare today National Student Voter 
Registration Day. 

The conference was organized by 
Student Public Interest Research Groups 
(PIRGs) in cooperation with the United 
States Student Association (USSA), state 
S(udent lobbies, and various other 
student organizations from America's 
colleges. 
i The National Student Campaign for 
Voter Registration (NSCYR), which is In its 
first stage, will include voter registration 
drives, educational forums, debates and 
Information on the various candidates and 
propositions on the ballot. NSCYR will also 
sponsor a Get Out To Vote drive that will 
involve precinct walking, phone calling, 
and aId to anyone having difficulty getting 
to the polling place. 

In the United States there are about 
15 million eligible but unregistered 
vOl.ers in the 18-24 age bracket. 
According to Karen Weinstein of 
CalPIRG. "In general elections, only one 
in four citizens of S(udent age actually 
vOle ." A representative of the San Diego 
Registrar'S Office said that in last year's 
primary election only 859 students 
vOled at the three campus area 
precincts. 

At UCSD. a campus-wide coalition. 
including the Associated Students, 
CaIPIRG, the Women's Resource Center, 
the College Democrats, and the College 
Republicans, has agreed to push student 
voter registration this week and up to 
the October 9 registration deadline, 
Weinstein said. 

o 
Governor Deulanejian vetoed a bill 

on September 21 that would have 
required postsecondary schools to make 
registration forms available during in-
person registration, develop on-campus 
voter registration stations, and foster 
voter registration at major campus 
activities. 

According to Senate Majority Leader 
John Garamendi, who authored the bill , 
it was intended to bring registration 
levels for young people up to the 
national average for all ages. Less than 
45% of all eligible voters under the age 
of 25 are currently registered to vote, 
compared to 67% for the population as 
a whole, he said. 

"The biU, which COSts the taxpayers 
nothing, provided students with a 
convenient opportunity to register to 
vote," Garamendi said. 'Tm sorry the 

. Governor doesn't want to take this 
modest step to help young people 
develop the voting habit early." 

In his veto message, the Governor 
'Said that the bill was unnecessary 
because nothing currently prevents 

~---------~----------~ 
=. ,.. -- I!'I I .. ~ 

L4I ~ ~ • ~~ '.+ .. ~ u ~ L..iI PI ~ jjij t ~ - H ~I. J. .., IJrt I .... 'I III .'. 
- r- ~.) .. ill,... ~ 

,... 

r II'~"" II 'I l.- I , 
I' I" f) ~· I" Fi:> 

Cover: Acid rain is the greatest environmental issue of 
the decade. Professor William A. Nierenberg, director of 
the Scripps Institution of Oceanography, was asked by 
the government to look into the problem. His findings 
and the rest of this 1980s horror story are on page 7, 
News: A recap of Voter Registration Week at UCSD and the 
speakers who came to campus to speak their mind, plus a look at 
the on-campus Reaganbusters Rally. 

Opinions: Acid rain and you-a match not made in heaven, a 
rebuttal of a previous Guardian editorial on the subject of state 
residency for illegal aliens, and the much-heralded return of the 
one, the only, the Doonesbury. 

Perspectives: Speaking of Doones, we go back in time and trace 
the development of a comic strip that has become a uniquely 
American legend. Yes, everything you always wanted [0 know 
about Doonesbury, but were afraid to ask. Also, travel to the Off-
Campus Housing Office with "the writer's i" for a typical housing 
search. And good luck. 

Sports: It was UCSD vs. La Verne once again in women's 
volleyball, and the result was a disappointment to the jazzed-up, 
BGIF-night home crowd. Also, a look at the new UCSD mascot for 
"all above-water events," and "Running Thoughts" returns with 
commentary on Chuck Muncie, the "new and improved" Charger 
defense, and parity in basebalL 

COVER ILLUSTRATION BY TOM PLONKA 

educational institutions from assisting in 
voter registration . 

o 
A nine-week workshop will be given 

through the OASIS Writing Center that 
will provide opportunities for the 
exploration and development of 
personal expression and point of view 
through the artistic medium of your 
choice. 

The course will be given by Sarah 
Lopez of the Department of Music, and 
will include group and individual 
exercizes, demonstratiOns, and 
discussions of various approaches to 
creative thinking to guide participants 
towards more effective strategies of 
thining. Sign-up for the class is at the 
OASIS Writing Center, USB4070, or at 
the workshop, which starts October 4 at 
11 :30 am in the South Conference 
Room , Building B at the Student Center. 

o 
When the Space Shuttle ChaUenger 

takes the first oceanographer into space 
on October 5, scientists at UCSD's 
Scripps Institution of Oceanography will 
begin compiling extensive data on the 
oceans under the Oight path . 

Paul Scully-Power, a civilian scientist 
with the US Navy. will record numerous 
observations, both orally and visually 
with a variety of sophisticated cameras 
for color photographs of the oceans. On 
Earth, the oceanographic community is 

supporting the mission with ship-, 
aerial-, and satellite-obtained images 
and observations. 

At Scripps, scientists are arranging for 
satellite observations to be collected at 
specified areas of interest in the oceans 
before, during and after the eight-day 
flight 

"Our cadre of scientists interested in 
space oceanography has grown and is 
growing, contributing to the adventurous 
thinking that makes possible this new 
era in oceanography," said Scripps 
Director Willian Nierenberg. 

Scripps Institution had worked with 
the astronauts of all previous shuttle 
flightS, often bringing crews to Scripps 
for instruction on oceanography and on 
ocean features they may observe during 
flightS. 

o 
Memorial Services for Scott A. Loomis 

will be held this Friday at the UniverSity 
Lutheran Church on La Jolla Shores 
Drive at 6 pm. 

Loomis, a Muir student, died laS( 
week when the car he was driving 
overtumed on the old Ensenada 
highway south of Tijuana. His two 
passengers, Richard Bertelson and Steve 
Losly, both Revelle students, were also 
injured in the accident. 

Reverend Roben Wagner will officiate 
at the service. 

-SeanWagaff 

GMPHIC JOHN AGN«:Jt ~ Altf..EE. M/IIII<. 
PHOT~: .a.I ASHLE£. EDWMO 15fl.AQ, RICH 
STAFF WlUTERS: LANCE OEfl.NMO. ETHAN FEEf\ST. JOJW F 

MIOiAEL PMTOS. YEN TAYlOO 
PAS1[-up 'AAn'srs: ~'OOE, ~Di5r: PN:i'FAAWL'~ .Gi"~ ~ 
TYPESETTERS: JOE DESlOENO. KEN F\,M, JAN HNoIS£N. PtV LAWEJ\ ONe 'IHC».W 
BUSINESS MANAGERS: CHNS Muq:. SH£NOL OI.WOND. PETEI\ HOfFMt,N 

I ' 

Anti-Reagan students showed their support for the Democratic Party at a rally Wednesday. 

Busters slime Reagan 
By GEORGE HECKERT 

GETTING REPUBLICAN President Ronald Reagan Out of the White House and uniry under this goal 
brought OU( nearly 300 UCSD students 
to a "Reaganbusters" rally, as it was 
officially dubbed, last Wednesday in 
front of the Gymnasium at Muir College. 

If there was a question as to "Who Ya' 
Gonna Call ," to do the Reaganbustin', 
there were plenty of students, faculty 
and other supporters present to make 
some serious charges against the Reagan 
administration. On-campus anti -Reagan 
organizations were even selling "No-
Reagan" T-shirts and buttons. A 
newsletter handed out at the rally by 
Students Against Reaganism referred to 
the importance of vOling Reagan out of 
office through the headline "Don't Get 
Slimed Again ." 

David Berman, chairman of the UCSD 
Democratic Club and San Diego County 
college coordinator of the Mondale-
Ferraro campaign said that the purpose 
of the rally was "to provide a fun kickoff 
for the fall campaign on campus." 

The Reaganbuster rally , however, 
reached an intense pitch when it came 
to the rhetoric. 

"Isn't it a little strange that during 
Reagan's administration arms control 

talks with the Russians ceased for the 
first time in 20 years?" UCSD student 
Sasha Nelson asked the crowd. "And 
now 41 days before the election he 
expects us to believe that he is going to 
negotiate in good faith with the 
Russians." 

Amid cheers from the Democrats in 
the audience, a small contingent of 
young Republicans present raised 
banners saying such things as "Youth 
For Reagan" and "Reagan-Bush '84." 
Nelson went on to chide the President: 
"What's come over this trigger happy 
cowboy] A lIttle more than a month ago 
he was joking about bombing the 
Russians out of existence and now he is 
sipping cocktaIls with Gromyko [the 
Soviet foreIgn mi nister] ." 

Nelson also accused the high level 
officials in the Reagan administration of 
being "will fully ignorant" on arms 
reduction poliCies and US intervention 
in Latin America. 

Following Nelson to the podium was 
Robyn ArdiS of the Central American-
Caribbean Solidarity Committee, the 
Committee for World Democracy and 
reporter for the new indicalnr She 
> CONTINUED ON PAGE 6 > 

STUDENT 
PHOTO·ID CARDS 

For PHOTOS: 
Quonset 324 Warren • Sept. 17 - Oct. 12 

For CARD PICKUP: 
Cashiers Tent. Sept. 17" Oct. 5 

Hours for 
both locations are 
8:30 am • 4:00 pm 

Staff and faculty also welcome 

For speedy service, bring your 
original ID card 

IMPORTANT NOTE: ALL UCSD libraries will 
observe Sunday, October 14, 1984 as the absolute 
final deadline for photo-ID cards_ Beyond that date, 
services will not be provided without a current 
official UCSD Photo-ID card. 

Monday. OC/. 1. 1984 3 

Pushing registration 
By ANDREA HARMON 

W OMEN'S VOTER Registration Week brought a host of politicians to UCSD bearing 
the message that women in particular 
and students in general must vote . 

Among the guest speakers appearing 
on the steps of Revelle Plaza last week 
were Mayor Roger Hedgecock, former 
President of the National Organization 
for Women (NOW) Lucy Moore. and 
California Senaror Jim Ellis. 

Mayor Hedgecock drew the largest 
crowd during the four days of speakers. 
He mentioned his fear of students 
becoming isolated from the community 
and his interest in two major concerns, 
transportation and students' ability ro 
get low-cost housing. 

"Students need to be represented, and 
in order to be represented they need to 
participate," the Mayor said. 

Hedgecock believes that the students 
"depend on the current leaders now, 
and we depend on you (students) for 
future development." 

Students asked the reasons ror his 
stands on particular issues. The Mayor 
voted against the La Jolla Valley and 
Golden Triangle hOUSing developments 
on the grounds that they would 
contribute to the division of San DIego 
into two cities-a more wealthy 
northern side and a poorer southern 
side. He also felt the 5.lDO-acre La Jolla 
Valley project would become "another 
bit of urban chewed-up space," and the 
Golden Triangle had abandoned one 
goal of its. original plan: providing low-
cost housing. 

The Mayor drew his largest applause 
when answering the question of whether 
his recent indictmf'nt would cause San 
Diego ro suffer while he was away from 

his job. 
"I will be in coun three ro four weeks, 

but then I will again devote myself full-
time-plus ro San Diego city affairs. I am 
under great pressure right now with the 
trial , but I am positive about it," said 
Hedgecock. 

The Mayor was, however, just one of 
the speakers invited during the week. 
There were about 15 candidates and 
other guests who spoke on topiCS 
ranging from their own political 
campaigns to the imponance of women 
and students registering to vote. In 
1982, according to the National Student 
Campaign for Voter Registration , only 
25% of the eligible voters between the 
ages of 18 and 24 voted , the smallest 
percentage of any age group. 

Denise Lewis, who works.in women's 
economic management. supplied some 

> CONTINUED ON PAGE 6 > 

Mayor Roger Hedgecock addresses sfudents. 

NOW SERVING MUIR a REVELLE 

I THE FOOD FOR THOUGHT CO. I 
481-3397 

We deliver Roundtable Pizza a Roberto's 
Mexican Food twice nightly, Sunday thru 
friday. Pizza Is delivered at 10 p.m. and 
Roberto's at 11:30 p.m. Place your order 
at least 45 minutes In advance of specified 
delivery time. Our Gampus-wlde deliveries 
commence October 15. Groups and 
organizations- ask us about our party 
packages. 
Remember: When Hunger Strikes, We 
Deliver II 



.. Monday. OCI . I. 1984 

Raining nitric and sulfuric acids 
In recent years, acid rain has become a major concern of 

environmentalists and industrialists in the onheastern and Midwestern 
states. Most recently, a study headed by the director of the Scripps 
Institution of Oceanography brought to light the problem and some 
possible remedies (see news story, pg. 7), although the situation is as far 
from resolution as it was before the study began. 

The acid rain situation is a case study in lack of consideration for the 
environment, a topic that will continue to be a thorn in the side of 
scientific and sociologic advancement. Any solution-suggested or 
implemented-can only strive to minimize the extensive damage that 
has already been done. At best, environmentalists can stick some scotch 
tape on the whole mess and hope that it stays together. 

As for the future, responsible, intelligent decisions and regulations 
must be put into practice. The forecast is up in the air (literally and 
figuratively); special interest dollars serve to cloud the minds of 

environmental policymakers. 
One thing is cenain in this context: We must work to improve the 

situation, for the sake of international relations and, more importantly, 
for the ultimate health of the planet. Acid rain corroding buildings, 
plants, cars and, to some degree, all that it comes in contact with is 
another graphic reminder that we cannot continue to use this planet as 
an oversized outhouse. 

The problem of acid rain foreshadows future developments and 
conflicts. that will arise as technological advances lead to new sources of 
energy, and the planet becomes more saturated with people and 
depleted of resources. Insight into these developments is the only thing 
that will keep the environment livable. 

As the old adage goes, "What goes up must come down." Except, we 
hope, for expectations for improvement of environmental policy. 

Give me ... your uneducated masses 
By JAMES RALPH PAPP 

Fashions in politiCS and morality 
occur as frequently as fads in clothes 
and popular music, but one has to take 
them more seriously, because they do 
more damage. Lately self-reliance has 
become popular-the American way, the 
capitalist system, the watchwords of that 
great campaigner, Superman. And with 
that, charity has gone out of fashion. 

Paris sets the tone with clothes, and 
Washington does it with public 
morality. When Ronald Reagan came 
into office he brought with him the idea 
that charity was a private a£Iair. That it 
was not his private affair we saw when 
his tax records, with minimal 
deductions for charitable contributions, 
were revealed . Nevenheless, he believed 
that when taxes went down, 
corporations and private individuals 
would fight to give their extra money to 
the needy. 

This was not to be the case. Many 
people, panicularly women, fell below 
the poverty line. The needy became 
needier. The infant mortality rate 
increased. The government saved 
money, and so did all those individuals 
and corporations , who were notable for 

keeping their money to themselves in 
unprecedented amounts. 

Our lack of charity began, but did not 
end, at home. We decided that our 
superior resources and industrial 
development did nOt obligate us, could 
not even move us, to .tty to alleviate the 
poverty of much of the rest of the world, 
unless a clear political interest was 
involved. Of course we spent some of 
our money on developing countries-
and mining hamors does not run cheap. 
At least it shows our international 
interest. 

Most disturbing of all the 
manifestations of our new tum to 
stinginess (not so much the "me" 
generation as the "me against them" 
generation) has been the heightened 
realization that now we are in this 
country, we can keep other people out. 
The Reagan administration refuses to 
recognize the United Nations' decision 
that those who escape from the war and 
oppression of Guatemala and El 
Salvador are political refugees. Reagan's 
position is a matter of political 
expediency. His sense of Christianity, 
which is so forceful in issues popular 

with fundamentalists, weakens in the 
area of Christian charity, when he can 
let people be deponed to a guaranteed 
death simply so he can project the 
image of a strong America, if not a 
friendly one. 

A more popular view than the one 
that Salvadorans and Guatemalans have 
£led their countries simply for economic 
reasons, which under any circumstances 
is hard to believe, is that America 
should not provide a refuge for the 
economically as well as the politically 
oppressed. 

No present citizen of America has 
ancestors who were indigenous people. 
Even the Indians are supposed to have 
arrived , however long ago, by land 
bridge. Each generation of immigrants 
has glared with distaste at the next 
generation: the Indians at the white 
settlers, the English at the Irish, the 
German Jews at the Russian Jews, and 
now everyone at the Mexicans. The 
Mexicans, descended from Indian 
civilizations, have as much right as 
anyone to seale in the United States. 
Europeans came to impose boundaries, 
and Mexico became a colony. The 

United States came to ignore that 
boundary, and much of Mexico became 
the United States. Now we prevent 
people from crossi ng those boundaries 
northward . Incidentally, we prevent 
Colorado River water from crossing the 
boundary southward. using it up 
ourselves, which contributes to the 
poverty that spurs the migration. 

The United States has rich resources 
for a relatively small population, the 
reason so many Europeans and Asians 
came here, so many Africans were 
forced to come here, and so many 
Central Americans want to come here. 
The children of those who came here 
have decided that no one else, at least 
of the wrong son of people, ought to be 
able to come to share the resources. 
Who has a right to them? In this case, 
possession is nine-tenths of the law, 
and besides having no sense of concern 
for the condition of the world's other 
great portion of humanity, only for 
themselves, Americans have no sense of 
their own hypocrisy in inviting 
themselves 10 take advantage of our 
> CONTINUED ON PAGE 5 > 

ll(f;frfr®rt'~n®ilit®1f~ll®ilit®rt'~ll®frfr®1f~ll®frfr®1f~ll®rctt®If~ll®1l:fr®1f~ll®frfr~1f~ll®ilit®1f~ll®frfr®1f~ll®frfr®1f~ll® 
fr(f;1f~lettersll®frfr®1f~n®llit®1f~ll®frfr®1f~ll®frfr®1f~ll®frfr®1f~n®ilit®1f~ll®frfr®1f~ll®frfr®1f~ll®frfr®1f~ll®frfr® 

1f~ll®ilit®1f~ll®ilit®1f~ll®frfr®1f~ll®ilit®1f~ll®ili!:®1f~ll®frfr®1f~ll®ili!:®1f~ll®ilit®1f~ll®tttt®1f~ll®llit®1f~ll®ili!:®1f 
ll®ilit®1f~ll®frfr®1f~ll®llit®1f~ll®frfr®rt'~ll®frfr®1f~n®ilit®rt'~ll®frtt®1f~ll®frfr®1f~ll®frfr®1fn®frfr®1f~ll®frfr®rt'll®fr 
Rape Awareness 

Editor: 
We would like to thank the Guardian 

for printing twO articles last Thursday 
on rape . We feel sexual assault is a 
closeted issue that needs to be dealt 
With accordingly and discussed on this 
campus. 

People on thiS campus would like to 
believe that this campus is safe and 
rape -free. Yet everyone can remember 
the "last rape" about two years ago on 
campus ( that IS , the last reported rape). 
Well" now there has been a rape only 
two weeks ago to remind us that we do 
not have a safe campus. Thi s institution 
is only as safe as you and I and the 
administration make it. UCSD is very 
isolated with poor lighting and many 
dark eucalyptus groves and canyons. 

Urge the administration for better 
lighting, longer escort service hours and 
for a better Rape Prevention and 
Education Program with trained 
advocates and counselors. Also be aware 
of how vulnerable you are. For your own 
sake use the Escort Services, travel in 
pairs and lock your dorm room at all 
times. Be aware of acquaintances as well 
as strangers. 

And men, who think they do not 
have 10 worry about rape-you should . 
Men can be raped toO, by other men. 
Also, violence agai nst women will not 
stop until men SlOp raping. And finally , 
men have girlfriends, siste rs and 
mothers that may be raped. 

SlOp violence against women! 
Nationwide , nine out of ten rapes go 

unreported . ThiS statistic questions the 
validity of the so-called fact that only 
one rape a year occurs on thiS campus. 

Sixty percent of sexual assault victims 
know their rapist. And approximately 
30% of the rapes happen in the victim'S 
own home. These figures indicate that 
most rapists are not strangers hiding out 
in the dark for you, that the rapist is 
probably an acquaintance or friend . One 
out of ten women run [he risk of being 
victimized by rape. 

Rape IS not a sexual act. Most rapists 
are not crazy or sex fiend s. Most rapists 
have an ongoing sexual relationship . 
Rape IS an act of violence against 
women . 10 degrade, humlltate and 
control women. 

It IS important to realize that Victims 
are nOl at fault and not only ·certain 
kinds" of women get attacked . Rapists 
look for an easy target-which means 
you must be aware , cautious and not 
appear vul nerable. 

(t is a very tough dec I ion to report a 

rape to the police. After a sexual assault 
the last person anyone would want to 
talk to is the police . (Yet you are 
entitled to have an advocate with you.) 
Reporting a rape is very crucial for 
several reasons. It is the only way the 
rapist can be caught. Reporting the 
crime will also help bring rape out into 
the open as a violent crime, much like 
homiCide , and eventually help alleviate 
the guilt from the victim . 

Look for the Rape Prevention 
Education Program series on October 
10, 17 and 24 in the North Conference 
Room at noon . Issues to be discussed 
are: pornography and violence against 
women, date and acquaintance rape, 
and self-defense We need suppOrt from 
women and men. 

Mary Weir 
Ingrid Greenberg 

Women's Resource Center 

\. 
J 

Monday, Oel. 1, 198,. , 
C*IN(~ 

• , ~x t')I:;,,~ 
• ~ y • ., :.:'~'. ' • v, ) . ' . . 

Office hours should match student needs 
By JULIE DUFFIELD 

Monday morning at eight sharp, 
students wander down the well-beaten 
paths of UCSD. As they stroll along the 
trails, one lorie student heads for an 
office behind the bookstore. When he 
arrives, he is greeted by a black-lettered 
sign announcing hours of 9 am to noon 
and 1 to 4 pm. What-the offices aren't 
open yet? If students have classes that 
start at eight, why can't the campus 
offices be opened at the same time? 
Why, also, is one hour needed for 
lunch? Most public schools have only a 
half-hour lunch time. During the UCSD 
lunch period for office personnel, the 
offices are closed . Are UCSD students so 
vicious and cruel that the office 
personnel must have this time to 
regroup and get ready for student 
onslaughts? 

The majority of students on campus 
have tight schedules. There is little time 

Masses 
< CONTINUED FROM PAGE 4 < 
resources, and denying the invitation to 
others. 

The Regents of the University of 
California have made some recognition 
of this society'S responsibilities by 
offering financial aid to undocumented 
students who are California residents, 
but whom the attorney general does not 
recognize as reside!lts, because our 
society's political and economic 
selfishness does not aUow them to come 
here "legally." The University has 
combined two goods, by doing 
something moral and not doing 
anything iUega!. It has offered a chance 
for advancement to people who, even in 
the Land of Opportunity, have been 
denied it. It has offered to society 
people made more valuable by 
education, even if they are from a 
country unapproved by us, who are 
politically and economically more stable. 
It has also cleared up the injustice of 
undocumented people paying taxes , . 
which if they work they have to do, and 
getting no benefits in return . 

Certainly the Regents' stand does 
nothing to help law enforcement and 
the deportation of political and 
economic refugees, but however much 
the govemment wishes it, for draft 
registration or other purposes, we are a 
university and not a law enforcement 
agency. But while the decision does not 
strengthen the law, it undermines an 
injustice committed against people who 
contribute to this society as residents, 
but whom, through our own 
abandonment of charity, we refuse to 
recognize. 

for standing in lines or waiting until 9 
am or 1 pm to take care of business. 
Many students jul&ie jobs with their 
class schedules, oTten starting work right 
after class, with only enough time to 
change clothes and dash to work. 

Campus offices have a vety rigid 
schedule; they work only Monday 
through Friday. Why haven't office 
hours kept pace with the growth at 
UCSD? The existing hours were fine 
when the student enrollment was low. 
Today, this is not the case; student 
enrollment and related needs cry out for 
change. Many students are on campus 
seven days a week in classes, labs, 
dormS and elsewhere. The average 
student may have classes all day with 
little time between classes to handle 
campus business. Some students do not 
have time to stand waiting in office 
lines. 

Doonesbury 

The Bible is not a textbook for behavior. 
The Bible is not a source for predicting. 
the future. 
The Bible makes extensive use of myth. 

So what good Is It? 

Come and see. 

Discover a Catholic view of me Bible, 
Thursday Nlte Bible Study every Thursday or 
8 p.m. at the Catholic Lounge or the University 
Lutheran Church, srorrlng Thursday, Oct, 4. 

Sponsored by the Catholic Studenr Coordinarors. 

Offices could be open from 8 am to 5 
pm, straight through the day. This could 
be accomplished by staggering starting 
times and lunch times, as corporations 
and businesses do all the time. A study 
of the personnel departments at large 
corporations will show the success of 
this program. Not only do employees 
tleal with people from within the 
corporation , but they work with the 
people who come to them seeking 
employment. 

Additionally, corporations deal with 
all of their employees' raises, insurance 
claims, leaves of absence. statuS changes 
and other employee relations. If an 
office which deals with as many people 
as a large corporation does can remain 
open throughout the business day, 
should UCSD be any less effiCient? Most 
business hours are from 8 am to 5 pm. 
A university with the academic stature 

'THIS )f'AR, fa(. THt Rf5T 
T1~ IN ~ HI§1ORY, 
)W HAI'I'A 01.A/>a 7D 
~ Fa. THG CN/.Y f1IIUY 
7HI¥1!i ACTlIA/J..Y «JIN6 

MYWOO<-~:S 
HlRTY. @f 

of UCSD should be just as accessible. 
And what about that one-hour lunch? 

There are not many large corporations 
which shut down altogether for lunch. 
Couldn't UCSD office personnel 
efficiently stagger lunch periods to allow 
students and others access to offices? A 
staggered lunch period would allow the 
offices to remain open throughout the day. 

Campus offices could even work in a 
shift style. One group of workers could 
start at 8 am and work until 4 pm. 
Another could start at 9 am and work 
until 5 pm. The combinations are 
endless. This system would ensure thru 
worker hours are equitable, and might 
even reduce paper work; when student 
access is more 'convenient, perhaps the 
paper load will decrease. At the vety 
least, students could handle their 
business quickly and with less 
frustration . 

BY GARRY TRUDEAU ~~I 

JI.5T IAOaIlllfG 
IF lJER£ IIJ4S 
ANYTHIN6I 
CO/JIJ) cr; 70 

f f£I.P. 

Elias Hair Design 
Casual. Comfortable. Californian. 

(formerl, LA Jolla 
Cutting Compan,) 
737 Pfd,1 St., LA Jolla 
456-1170 4S6-181S 

New.hop; 
760B Linda Vista Rd. 
(Mesa College DR. & 163) 
268-8865 

PredaIon Kyle cub for women $13 (reg. $(8) 
Predalon uyle cua for men $10 (reg. $1,) 

DIrectional perma SZS (reg. ~o) • Sculptured naila (fulllCt) $18 (reg. $40) 
Manlcur" &. pedicure $15 (reg. $. ) • Cellophane $15 (rei. $.,) 

On" hour fadal now $Z8 (reR. $40) 
Carefree T,C.B, curl $30 • Relax touch up $30 

S/X'Cwl good u;lIh uJ WIth sclc'Cl<.a st://uu Ihr",,~h 10/ 1, / 134 



6 Monday, Ocr , 1. 198 .. 
N€~ 
" "~'::: .', ' ~ ,- ,,-- ':;';;;' , » ..... ...,~ ~ ". , ,'., <:::-«-:0;. ~ ~~« »x ,' ..... ~ :,-;;:X> »'" " , < 

Busters 
< CONTINUED FROM PAGE 3 < 
highlighted the issue of intervention in 
Central America, asking why the US 
should send troops into the region or 
offer aid to factions in nations such as 
EI Salvador and Nicaragua "to kiU 
anybody fighting for their freedom and 
dignity." 

"It is stupid to invade, because the 
people will always win," she said, 
recalling the situation in Viemam a 
decade ago. 

Lenore Lowe . the San Diego County 
president of the National Organization 
for Women, noted that the status of 
women in the US under the Reagan 
administration has gone down 
dra.stically. 

"Since 1980, his administration has 
accelerated the feminization of poverty." 

She estimated that some 2.5 million 
are living at or below the poverty level 
in 1984. 

The 20 or so young Republicans in 
the audience appeared not to be of any 
one organization or club, and essentially 
were standing present of their own 
accord . However a few were adamant 
enough about their support of the 
Republican ticket to hold up banners 
with pro-Reagan slogans and to chant 

the familiar "Four more years ." They did 
not at any point actually interrupt a 
speaker, yet they insisted on being 
heard during pauses by the orators and 
during Democratic cheerings. 

One student who flourished a small 
pro-Reagan placard in the crowd , Ken 
Pollock, said he was there to show that 
Republicans existed on campus and not 
just "liberal" students. 

The reason Pollock gave for anending 
the Reaganbuster rally was "We've given 
them their chance to speak; we want 
equal rights to speak." 

Greg Fischer, another Republican 
student, said he was there 35 a sort of 
insurance marker in addition to the 
nationwide polls which place President 
Reagan ahead of Mondale in the 
neighborhood of 20 percentage points. 

"One cannot always rely on polls, 
because people do change their minds. 
Polls aren't always an accurate 
consensus of society: said Fischer. 

Other speaKers at the Reaganbuster 
Democratic kickolt included Bob Stock, 
professor of public administration at San 
Diego State University and head of the 
Speakers Bureau for the Mondale-
Ferraro campaign; Peter Irons, professor 
of political science a t UCSD; Robert 
Simmons, Democratic candidate for the 
41 st Congressional District , professor of 
law at the Unlversiry of San Diego and a 
former judge; and Taiji Miyagawa, a 
UCSD student. ~ 

Voting 
< CONTINUED FROM PAGE 8 
interesting facts about women and 
voting: 

- Two out 01 three adults in poverty 
are women; 

- 75% of poor people are women 
and children; 

-45% of mothers with children 
under the age of 6 are working; 

-11 million children under the age 
of 13 have no -care while their parents 
work; . 

-Women have been casting more 
baUots than men since 196i, and since 
1980 have been voting at th~ same rate 
as men. 

Lewis believes that women have to 
realize their personal problems with 
childcare, alimony, equal pay and 
welfare benefits are public issues and 
increasing the voting power of women 
is one of the most effective ways to 
ensure change. Several other speakers 
echoed the sentiment, "It's A Man's 
World Unless Women Vote" (.,.,hich is 
the slogan of the National Commission 
on Working Women for increasing the 
number of women at the polls). 

Other speakers included candidates 
talking about their own political races: 
Rick Wildman, a San Diego 
Assemblyman candidate running for the 

75th District, and Jim Conole, 44th 
District Libellarian candidate for US 
Congress. Wildman told of his stand~ 
on certain issues. He is for the death 
penalty and for rewarding teachers with 
merit, although he said he is not 
necessarily for merit pay. He is against 
the bullet train and off-Shore oil-driUing.. 

Conole stated that "Libertarians are 
Americans." He is against both 
Democrats and Republicans. and is. 
"running apinst government." 

Conole believes that this generation 
"is the only hope, because every other 
generation has scre~d up the 
government." He urged people to resist 
the draft, and believes this government 
"is a dictatorship in the cloak of a 
republic." Although the plaza was not 
crowded during this particular day of 
speeches, Conole received a noted 
response from student listeners. 

Women's Voter Registration Week 
took place on aU UC campuses. AS Vice 
President Mary Rose Alexander was the 
primary organizer of the event. 
Alexander asked speakers representing 
several political groups to speak on their 
own issues and/ or women's issues. 

She hoped the speakers would "make 
the students realize how important it is 
to vote." 

On the number of students present, 
she said, "There were not many, but 
those here have learned something. I'm 
not disappointed with the turnout." E:J 

You're into higher math and your old 
calculator helped get you there. 

But now its time for something more. 
The TI-66 from Texas Instruments. The 
TI-66 cifers full programming power and 
flexibility so you can solve complex and 
repetitive math problems quickly, easily 
and with fewer keystrokes than you 
thought possible. Its 512 merged pro-
gram steps and over 170 built-in 
scientific, engineering and statistical 
functions make for powerful program-

mingo And the sleek, streamlined design 
makes for easy use . 

Its AlgebraiC Operating System makes 
it easy on your brain by allowing you to 
key in problems as they are writren, left 
to right. And a 10-digit angled Liquid 

guidebook so you shouldn't get confused. 
And last, but certainly not least, at a 
suggested retail d $69.95, there's a price 
thats easy on your pocketbook. 

ry tal Display not only makes it easy 
on your eyes but provides alphanumeric 
notation of your program steps so you 
C3n make easy mod.fiC3lions as you 
1,'<> along. There are large, readable keys 
for your fingers, and an easy-to· follow 

All in all, if we made the TI-66 pr0-
grammable cakulator any easier to use, 

it~ldd~i~·. 
INStRUMENTS 

Creating useful products 
and services for you. 

J \ 

Monday. Oa. I , 1984 7 
NE~ 
~ . ~ x . ~ -:" ~ ...' ~ , /. .• 

Acid rain: When it rains, it bums 
By EDWARD ISRAEL 

A CID RAI N. a little-known air pollution phenomenon just a few years ago, IS rapidly becoming 
the most controversial environmental 
issue facing the nation in modem times. 

It is a controversy that has caused a 
network of tensions spanning 
environmentalist groups, industry and 
gove rnment. The rain is a major source 
of disagreement between the United 
States and Canada, straining relations 
between the two during Reagan 's years 
in o ffi ce, 

Acid rain is caused by the emission 
of sulphur dioxide and nitrogen oxides 
from the combustion of fossil fuels . It is 
released by the removal of the sulphur 
from the fuel before use. Sulphur 
diOXide IS released into the atmosphere 
during the refining of the fuel because 
the COSt of containing it is considered 
to be tOO great 

In the atmosphere , the sulphur 
dioxide and nitrogen oxides can be 
transformed into sulfuric and nitric acid, 
with air currents carrying them 
thousands of miles from their source. 
Once the acid rain reaches the eanh , it 
has an irreverSibly devastating impact 
on lands and waters. 

The United StateS annually discharges 
more than 26 million tons of sulphur 
dioxide into the atmosphere. JUSt three 
states, Ohio, Indiana and Illinois, are 
responsible for nearly one quarter of this 
tOtal. Fossil fuels , however, are vital 
ingredients in the US economy's 
production of goods and services. 

Professor William A Nierenberg. 
director of the Scripps Institution of 
Oceanography, was asked by the 
government to form and chair a panel 
to look into the problem of acid rain . 

The completed report stated that the 

scientists were disappOinted at the way 
the Federal government had conducted 
its research program on the acid rain 
problem and that the government 
should increase ItS financial suppOrt 
toward s the investigation of the 
ecological effects of lIcid rain . The panel 
also recommended that more research 
of acid rain should be given to non-
Federal researchers and that the highest 
prioriry be given to the most innovative 
approaches and creative ideas available . 

Once a lake is "killed" by acid rain , 
there is liale chance of it returning to 
do normal cond itions. One technique 
frequently used to reduce the acidity of 
affected lakes is liming. Liming consists 
of directly adding lime into a lake via 
aeria l dropping or other methods. 

"The lime will work, but we may come 
up with other techniques that aren't so 
expensive. The damage may be 
reversed, but it would take an awful lot 
of time," Nierenberg said . "But lakes that 
are naturally acidic may be changed ." 

The report noted that terrestrial 
ecosystems may take centuries to 
recover. 

The report, which was submitted to 
the White House scientific branch , 
stated that some of the most 
economically feasible methods that 
could have immediate results in 
reducing sulphur emissions in eastern 
North America are intensifying coal 
washing and switching to fuel of lower 
sulphur content during summer (when 
most sulphuric acid is deposited). 

Because switching to low-sulphur coal 
is considered a cost-effective method in 
reducing sulphur dioxide emissions, 
reduction schemes would cause shifts in 
coal production from high-sulphur coal 

. to loW-sulphur coal. Coal producers 
claim they would be devastated if new 

WANTED: PILOTS 

ArnlY Pilots Fly The 
Most Sophisticated 

Helicopters In The World 

t GREEN THUNDER" 

Be 

CALL Capt. Roberts 
or Major Sponbeck 

265-4943 

All You Can Be. Army 
ROTC 

restrictions were placed on using . 
higher-sulphur coal from Eastern and 
Midwestern coal mines. 

The SWi tch would mean a loss of 
nearly 60 million tons of coal 
production a year from northern 
Appalachian coal fields in West 
Vi rginia , Ohio and Pennsylvania by 
1995. Another hard-hitting effect would 
be the loss of 63,000 coal mining jobs 
over the next 15 years. 

"Every time Congre ss tries to put 
controls on , you get a negative reaction 
from Congressmen and Senators from 
the Northeast states. The Ohio River 
Valley resists ." said Nierenberg. "Acid 
rain is very much a political issue, but 
the candidates are staying away from it 
because whatever you say, it's gomg to 
lose you votes." 

The platforms adopted by the two 
political parties are similar except fo r a 
few specific details. The Republican 
Parry stated that it would continue to 
offer leadership to reduce the threat to 
the environment and economy because 
of acid rain, while preventing economic 
dislocation. 

The Democratic platfonn, nearly 
identical to the Republican view, 
speCified a reduction of sulphur dioxide 
emissions by 12 million tons within the 
next decade. 

The acid rain issue fueled the 
environmentalists' crusade to keep the 
planet clean and healthy. With the goal 
of pressuring Congress to pass stringent 
acid rain leEislation this year, five major 
environmental groups (National Clean 
Air Coalition, Sierra Club, lzaak Walton 
League, National Audubon Society and 
National Wildlife Federation) are 
launching a nationwide postcard 
campaign. 

The cards, which will be included in 

Acid rain expert Professor William Nierenberg. 

spri ng and summer issues of each 
organization'S publications, are to be 
filled out and retumed to the respective 
organizations. They will then be 
delive red to persons who are impeding 
acid rain legislation. 

The environmentalists are anned with 
plenty of data but few solutions. Th e 
effects of acid rain are varied and far-
reaching: 

- Higher concentrations of 
sulphates leads to increased 
incidence of respiratory diseases, 
chronic bronchitiS, emphysema, 
allergies and asthma. 
- Plants suffer when the soil's 
nutrients are deteriorated by the 
acid. 
- In freshwater lakes, the acid not 
only kills fish and amphibians but, 
more importantly, kills their eggs. 
- Bird shell breakage may reach 
80% when vety acidic rain falls. 
- When buildings and other 
struCtures are hit with acid, gypsum 
is formed and metals corrode and 
are ultimately destroyed. Over the 
past 50 years, the Parthenon and 

> CONTINUED ON PAGE 13 :::::> 

v.e.S.D. 
COES WESTERN 

WITH THE 

~SI\N aOtll\fl) ..,f.~ -tl" 
ALL-CAMPUS DINING COMMONS 

FEATURING: 
FUN, ENTERTAINMENT, Cotton Candy, 
Popcorn, and MUCH MORE!! All Rounded 
Off With a MESQUITE BAR-B-QUE to 

Include ... STEAKS, Corn On The Cob, 
Ice Cream on a Stick, and MUSIC provided 

by 
- TWO LIVE BANDS! -

So Just Put On Yer Shit Kickers 
and Come to MUIR FIELD 

WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 3rd. 
Dinner Will Be Served From 4:30 'till 

7:00 p.m. 
Tickets Available From ANY Cafeteria 
After 3:30 p.m. the Day of the Event. 

(FREE w Iyour Meal Card, 
$7.00 for Students 

or Staff wlo Meal Cards) ··Note: ALL 
Cafeterias will be CLOSED·· 

sponsored by 

Campus Resident Deans and U .C.S.D. 
Food Services 



//~~\\~~(~ 
o 0 (~( ==::J 

) ) 
:~ ( ;1 0) ) 

Get a clue 
Get an appointment 
Call John Trumpler at 452-4450 or stop by 
the Associated Students office. 

Advisory Commiuce on Instructional Improvement, Academic Freedom, 
Admissions, Affinnative Action , Community Environment, Computing, Education 
Abroad and International Education , Educational Policies and Courses, 
Subcommittee on Grade Appeals, Subcommittee on Undergraduate Courses, 
Executive and Policy (2), Library. Planning and Budget, Undergraduate 
Preparatory and Remedial Education, Undergraduate Scholarships and Honors 
(2), 1985-86 State-Funded Minor Capital Improvement ?rog" Student Life. 
Enrollment and Projection Review Committee , Program Review Committee, Public 
Relations. Financial Controller Assistant, On Campus Admin, Comm .. On Campus 
Residential and Food Advisory Comm" Residential Appanments Adv, Comm., 
Bookstore Advisory Comm" Parking and Transponation Comm,. Day Care Center 
Comm" Student Health Comm, 

Learn to fly with the UCSD Soaring Club 
The UCSD Soaring Club is an on-campus student 

organization dedicated to having fun . Come see what its like to 
fly a sailplane, to glied silently among a ridge, and to gain 
altitude without an engine. We're convinced that you'll like 
what you find . If you think you might be interested, we offer 
introductory rides and through the club you can get FAA 
certified instruction. Try something different for a change! We 
have weekly meetings at 7 pm upstairs in the Student Center 
above the game room. or you can call Alan at 727 -4567 for more 
information , 

1]1!0l!J (!J1]'Urn(!Jl!J1] 
ep GJrnw~ru'il(!]1]~0 

011UI!J~ 0rn_~ 
COME f iN!) Ul'T WHAT I T'~ At!. ArlDeT 

HUMANITIES I IDRA Jty AlIDITORll.·M 
7,00 PM TlJESIlA Y ()!,. 2ND 

Canoeing r..mplng 

X-Country s luing HIk ing 

Backpack in,; 

Want to be a la\o\Yer or just interested in LAW? Come to 
the first PLEA (Pre-Law Education Association) meeting 
Wednesday, Oct. 3 at 4 pm. Office #4 above Student Center 
Gameroom, or call x4726. 

Kaplan Prep Course Ticket Auction 
(MCAT, LSAT, GMAT, GRE, DCAT) 

Save money and support PLEA 
Wednesday, Oct. 3, 12 noon, Revelle Plaza 

ASUCSD Lecture Note SeIVice 
is currently covering 

Anthro 22, Bio 1, 14, 101,131, Chern R, Cornm SF 100 
History 2A and Psych 2 
more to be added soon! 

New Notes (this quarter) - S10' 
Old Notes (previous quarter) - S8 

We are located in the Student Ctnkr across from the Food Co-op. 
452-6238. Mon-Fri 9 am - J pm. 

Notetakers needed for Bio Ill, 
Comm Gen 20 and Phil 10, 13. 

Inquire at the job board and at the LNS office. 

Hear Ye, Hear Yeo Read All About It! 
The UCSD Recycle Co-op meets Monday 

Nights at 6 pm in the Che Cafe. 
Come one, come all. 

National Student Voter 
Registration Day, October 1 
Register today. . . Don't Delay 

Join the Circle K 
New member orientation meeting for students 

interested in community service. Wednesday, 
October 3. UniverSity Extension Room 150, at 6 
pm. Come and meet new friends. 

Editors for science papers needed! 
The UCSD.Journal of Undergraduate Research seeks science 

majors with junior or senior standing to review science research 
papers that have been submitted for consideration to this year's 
Journal. Proofreading papers for grammatical and stylistic errors 
as well as checking for accuracy and critiquing the content are 
all that is involved. Panicipate in this exciting project, gain 
valuable experience and get credit as a member of the Journal 
staff. Contact Linda or Ingrid at the U.$. Grants office upstairs 
in the Student Center, office -3 or call x3917. 

Friday, Oct 5 at 7 pm 
TLH 107. Free 
CWD & Third World Studies 

Watch for FFOG - Oct. 5 

Reminder to Student Organizations 
It's time to re-register your student organization for the 1984-85 

academiC year. Contact the Student Organizations Office, Student 
Center Building A, 2nd Roor (just above EDNA) or call x4083. 
Remember: Organizations ,must be registered before funding can 
be used, programming, use of facilities, etc. 

Help ,support women 
Support group for women who are lesbian, bisexual, or 

questioning their sexuality. Planned discussion topics; 
supponive atmosphere. Every Wednesday from 4-5:30 pm in 
the Women's Resource Center, Student Center room # 103. Co-
sponsored by lAGO arid the Women's Resource Center. 

Need a bite to eat? 

Shop the Food Co-op 
Fine quality foods at fair prices 

Fresh fruit and juices. In the Student Center. 

Speech and debate team 
Develop your public speaking skill by joining the newly 

formed speech &: debate team Anyone interested in 
participating in intercollegiate COmpelltlO.ns hould .mend t~e 
organizational meenng Thursday, Oct -+ from 5-6:30 pm UsB 
30 to l I • • 

The Birdcage Review 
Call for submissions 

The Birdcage Review is now accepting submissions for the Fall 
1984 edition. Deadline for submissions is Friday of the fourth 
week (October 26). Submit your poetry, fiction, prose, music, 
an, photography, essays and criticism to the Birdcage Review. 
Submissions forms are available and submissions may be 
turned in to the Literature Depanment offices (TCHB 110, 
HS&S 4009), the Visual Arts Depanment Office (Mandeville 
Ctr. 216), the Music Depanment Office (Mandeville Ctr 110), 
and the Associated Students Office (Upstairs, Student Ctr.)Join 
The Birdcage Review staff this Wednesday at 5 pm in the Pub. For 
more information call 458-1917. 

Pol.itical Film Series 
Fall 1984 
UCSD 
Atomic Cafe 
The End of August at the Hotel Olone 

Ballad of Gregorio Cortez 
Guernica 
Women In Flames 
City Lovers 
A Chip of Glass Ruby 

Chant of Jimmy Blacksmith 
My Survival As An Aboriginal 

Class Enemy 
Short Eyes 
Scum 

The Front 
Merry Christmas, Mr. Lawrence 

Fridays 7:00 p.m. 
TLH 107 

Sept. 28th 

Oct. 5th 

Oct. 12th 

Oct. 19th 

Oct. 26th 

Nov. 2nd 

Nov. 9th 

Nov. 16th 

Nov. 23rd 

Nov. 30th 

Free 

The AS Internship Office needs you!!! 
If you are interested in: a fun work environment, exposure to 

the job market, learning business skills, developing a rapport 
with professionals then attend ASIO's STAFF ORIENTATION 
MEETING, Tuesday, October 2, 7 pm in Revelle Commuter 
Lounge, Blake Hall .. For more information, call 452-4689 or stop 
by our office - above the game room in the Student Center. 

for The Bulletin 
must be turned in by Wednesday 
at noon for Monday's issue. Please put 
in the Bulletin mailbox. For more 
information please contact Bob Ames 
at 452-4450. 



Monday, OCI. 1, 198-f 

Roland Bunon Hedly, Jr. 
deC ided 10 ad d hi 
melhfluaus banconc to the 
ca ophll ny of AmeT! an 
broadcaslmg. moS! notably 
tn hiS In.depth .. pia ration 
of Reagan's brain. A man 01 
many talems. none of them 
of usc 10 a Journallsl 

Mark Slackmcy ... >emlng 
Ihere was nOl hlng wrong In 
Nlxon's Amenta Ihal hasn 't 
btcomc even more 
deplorable tn Reagan·s. 
reluses to ease down Ihe 
palh of least reSistance 
Armed with hiS new radiO 
progTdm . All HlnS' 
Recol1S1dered. and a set 01 ( \},\:{:;::}}:{{,::;:{ 
Nattonal Publtc RadiO White 
House press tags. Mark 
qUickly developed a 
reputation lor askI ng 
insulting quesllons that 
hadn'l a prayer of be mg 
answered 

Duke. a rabid controlled 
substances bufl. IS Ihe High 
LDrd of Inner Space . HIS 
numerous schemes of self· 
aggrandi ze ment. a Itlm 
biography of john Delorean. 
are usually sabotaged by hiS 
own overreaching The 
Duke's latest scheme IS a 
Baby Doc College of 
Physlcl3ns located In Hall! n .,',,!,,,,,:.:," 

JJ. Caucus. ha"lng spent 
her college \,cars undcr the 
bell jar of Michaels asphyx. 
latlng .flectlons . has 
emerged to celebral' her 
womanhood In terms Iha t 
even Mlch,1C1 can no longer 
Ignore. Casting aboul fo r an 
avocation \\'onhy of her 
ebullenle . JJ ulllm. lely 
SCI des on the plaStiC aTlS. 
with mixed results 

Honey IS the only person 
standing between Duke and 
permanent Incarceration. 
She recently averted a nasty 
labor dispute by conferring 
honorary degrees on the 
college's kitchen staff. 

Joanie Caucus forged a 
new traIl for her hfe when 
she le l t h e r fa mily, 
befriended the tnhabitants 
of Wal d en Co mmune, 
graduated from law school, 
marTl ed rep orter Ric k 
Redfem. and gave blnh to a 
boy. j oa nle 's chronicle 
paralleled the loves of a 
whole generation of women. 

July '72 
May 25 , '71 Hundreds of callers 

Trudeau appears on To prOteSl the te mp ora r), 
October '70 rell the Truth . slumpang disappearance 01 Doones· 

Bull 1 ales 15 s)'ndlcated 10 three of four pandlslS and bury from the Akron &acon 
18 newspapers dnd wanmng SI67 dnd a pair of journal. Says Edllor Peggy September '68 
renamed so as not 10 offend cuff hnk; S VRPR ISt=iJ. Morgan . "I've no Wish 10 
pOlenllal reader<; cqp'N? / censor the slTlp,but I hope 

NE:Glrn Ve. CAPrAIN ' Garry 1 rudeau wtll decide to 
REI >ou~c I deh"er un the ba rgaan he 

AH£RICA/ 51 . A WER.1 made al the OUlSel 10 

May '73 

Lacey Daytnpon, the blue· 
stockinged Congresswoman 
who chairs a subcommittee 
heanng on the homeless 
from behind her silver tea 
service, arrived on the 
political scene long before 
Geraldtne Ferraro. 

. February '74 
The Boston Globe notes 

In an editorial that the end 
More than a dozen of the energy crisIS, recently 

n e w s papers dr o p a disclosed by PreSIdent 
Doonesbury strip in which ixon. had . In fa ct. already 
Matvelous Mark denounces been announced !wo weeks 
John Mllchcll as "GUIlty. earher m Doone,bury. 
gUilt)'. gUilty' " April 7 .. 

june 73 Joanle Caucus IS accepted 
Doone,bwy is dropped by fo r law school b)' BoslOn 

Stars and Stn pes for bemg Cniverslty afte r 300 law 
"loa polll lc.l: bUI IS soon stude nts sign a pellllon 
reinstated al tcr 300 leuers 01 requesll ng that she be 

/,~~~~~i~c.h~ael Doonesbury for;ears under the 
assumpllor that he was 
God's gift to women . 
Halfway through his first 
year in business school. 
Michael fe lt he was 
compromising his pnn· 
ciples. so he switched to the 
fast track of a large 
Manhattan ad agency. 

May '77 
january '76 joanie Caucus graduates 

Seven newspapers drop a from law school at the 
May '7' Doonesbury that has Uncle Umversity of California's 

Doontsbury earns Tru· Duke calltng President Boalt Hall. where Trudeau 
deau the firsl and only Ford's son a "pothead," deltvers the commencement 

June 78 

B.O .. plaYing forthe Tampa 
Bay Buccaneers. was lost by 
thal team's general manager 
to the Los Angeles Rams in a 
poker game. B.D.'s only play 
of the season went into the 
record books as the worst 
fumble in Rams history. a 
9S·yard runback by the 
Dallas Cowboys. 

-----,~ 
-~ lonker Harris Is remem· 

1: bered as the Peter Pan of walden Puddle, he refused 10 grow up and he dtdn't pend a lot 01 lime In the ground Zonker marched to a drummer from a dtfferem 
time zone Alte r graduation 
Zonker wllhdrew tn tO 
despair. where he remams "-...... .....,..- -, 
holed up. ventunng au' only 
10 rent video casselle 

Boopsic tS now a major 
motion ptcture actress tn the 
maktng (''I'm only ten 
pIctures be hmd the great 
Meryl Streep"). She devotes 
he r energies to an aerobiCS 
video bencllling Maltbu 

shde VICllms 

Reverend Scot Sloan. once 
described by 1.001> magazine -,..._--
as "the fighllng young prieS! 
who can talk to the kids." 
now commun icates via 
Mellowspeak" computer 

so ftware harneSSi ng Ih e 
latest tec hnology to further 
SOCial Jusllce. 

Today '84 
January '83 Doonesbury returns to the 

September '82 Doo nes bury c eas es Opinions section of the 
January '81 Trudeau announces a 20· publtcallon as a Wisconsin UCSD Guardian. 

. month leave of absence from Slate Assembly declaration RNAl1.yl lHEY'RE 
February '80 Uncle Duke IS released 726 newspapers with an pleads for ·pubhc calm in flU MOVWINTD 7HE 

from an Iranian finngsqoad . estlm. ated readership of 80 the face 01 thIS grave CnsIS." AI"'Jl/lCC""~ hT""TllC Doontsbury episodes help ' ''''''' vr r ',-,,7 '" Ir!<-
April 79 focus attention on the August '81 million. April '83 .. ~ W()lltl)7I!AfJ& em· 

A c rate of oTiginal presidential campaign of The Detroll Free Press November '82 An American jogger .( J Ta< ' ISTAR.T 
Tip ONeill is not pleased 

when Doonesbul}' urges 
people to find out more 
about " Koreagate" by 
sending in a coupon from 
the strip. 

Doon«bury drawings is John Anderson. who at first announces Ihe Zonker Zonker receives one vote weanng a Zonker T.shln IS /, r.\l 1't.~~ WOI<!< ON MON-
stolen Irom the office of IS oO'ended. then stans Hams Tesumonlal Tan·OO'. for the governorship m stopped by Moscow pohce . I.\l~~c ,' f)AY~" .. 
Trudeau ' s answering quollng the Strip an every with cash prizes tolallng illinOIS. who ask if the T·shan is allr ~~~\ . 
service. only to be recovered speech. 5210. __ cancature of Trotsky. 'iJ ~~lf).!l 
in a police vice squad raid july '80 I Mf'AN, IF )(JfI?C, SOi£N.T ;., 50 'tW I4/ANT A I<J.IJP6t. II ( . 
on the Sunshine Girls' ,.,., rt>c1rTJlJ£...w ~A iT' E Malibu beach access " .... ' IJ'Q'V'''''' 1 1\ l' 'THAT'S /J(j/Ll ~ ClYIlIAN5, _ 

scon Setvice. named by the Califomi; 7lONAL INC!f!ffl' IdlY fX)f-1'T 1 I~; HUH.? I THINX I'~ 60T a1N 21R; 1 I see A Hl6H / 
Puhtze.' Pri~e eve~granted to February '76 speech. , 
a comic smp amsl. k h August 77 M~ JlJ4N 

, Doonesbury ma es t c . ' 
December 75 cover of Ttnlt. disclosing the The New York Dally News CAlJCtJ5! 

-j uly '79 Coastal Commission after 'OJ JIJ5T !:ItIIE TH& /VHOU THC UNIT FO~ 'tal.. IIYKR()Yf) CtJt'C£PT P/C'Tl.,IR&.' II 
The LDs Angeles Times tanning devOlee Zonker ~lJNm:o 5TAT£.S / NOULIJ KINOQ<=~VIM4L1a~q 

and the San Francisco Harris. E-M!:iA55Y:> ItAya; ONUfIJ&tiSl /lJ{'/?'!tJ(j 
Trudeau joins the press inspiration for a few of the dechnes to run a Doonesbury /' 

corps coveTIng Pre~lde nt characters' football sta: on the "Son of Sam" that 
Ford's ViSit to China. and Brian Downing as B.D" suggests the newspaper 
becomes the first cartoonist aCIlVist Mark ~anger as overplayed the Story of the 
to toss a firsbee on the Greal Megaphone Mark. an d mass killer, 
Wall • . •• - - j ournalISt Hunt er S. 

"' - Thompson as Uncle Duke 
- 8E5JP&5, O'f, CMON-

HIS 5O'I'S r HtAJ(p 

Chronacle dr p a Doone,· 1«. ;;aRSON,11) \ ,. ..J:,., ... ~r llf\f SOMC()N& &t-5C 
bury hnklng Gov. jerry !Ncu., I UK£ 7D 1II'OI1J6/~ , ' 1 - ill ,1\ TH6 ~H? 
Brown to alleged under· (j(jlff!ilj lAIC f<X ]}I; ~ 7U~. ~ 5Ci.L ,i~ .. 
~_~w,orld ligures. 6f;TTl1l. (£T afT 7l)N(jI{T. MON· .. 

STAIUW.. (JAY NIGHT5 Af?E :!'/-
NIJC HAS !JI?a<EJV A 57Df?Y AU/IA)S BAli HEI?& jJ' ~~'-.: Wllt'fll-otf 

7JI lJA! 

lI£AfJACHc5. THEy'RE CLAIM· 

In hiS Juntor >-car. G.B 
Trudeau subml!.> Bu ll Tab 
to the Yale Dall), 1\ew and 
names the rnam <haracter 
Doone.bury. an amalgam 01 
the word doone (someone 
who I. OUI 10 lunch) and hIS 
roomma te Charles Pillsbury 

INTO A FR£AK'y H~lIf"G pro-'Ide • comiC srrip" /RIP wHICH 1 /'1 MV IV 
A HARD TIME 

DIGGING. 1l ¥ 
•. ¢ 

pTOlest from enlisted men . . admitted HOIIIPY. YAIJINI - A POT He [)()E5N'T 
""I:~l,........, I THAT'5 G/VIN6U5 5f»f£ P.R. . I ~~~:~~~~~i~~~i~~~~~~ 

=;-" /N6 THAT ~Y(JIJC& so-
1I0TEf) A IlaxJ C1JNTf?J8{) -~ ==~2g 
TION fIl()t1 A LOCAL WlRA :=; 

HI THERE ' rn NAf'1ES 
/'flkE DOONESBIJRY 

.I HA,,- ~RO/"f TI/LSA 
OKU/HO/'fA ANt> ,e: 

WONEJV ADORE /'1E ' ~ 
G<AO TO r'E£ T .> .~ 

.. 

YO£lJ ' ......... 
R OOl'f'E' ~. _ _ , 

\ 

,,,r,t "? -~ u ~7Jn 
, => 1 roo to(l HEAR. N~ 

YOc/ {)(INa P£A<€ 
1.ISTeN VP I,AI THERE ' FREA!{S'( tJU6 OrF.

' STOP THE WAR .' NO DO YOU NEAR /, 
HORE Fi';O.r.C l ALL HE?IJIIST \ 

POWER 7"0 rHE .. D.IlG 
PUPIL " ~ 

J ETe.' OFF! 

WAft'A'64r~! UIIIr!ltGIIrt'/ 
WHflT 15 rHe I'1I1TTe I< 
WITH YOII GIIYS?I WHAT 
IS 1H/~ SENSeleSS 

Oli.6Y Of- RcCRIMIN/11/0N 
1.'t:t:K AFrt:R Wt:t:K 'H 

1 

Y()ljR fA'oOMt H£AO. INHALE .. 
HAS Fltfl.lRN£[) /IIORP ilia ARP I \ 
~~~]BJOIiI 

.~ ......... . t'" ., \, 
V 8£5,,~ ... ·s ~ "Cfi' 

T)I£ ~EJr i¥ AL SO 
CJA~ TO WN' /Jl[1. A .... FE 
~ Ac>rrXATE (F P£SPOV 

518U PClJC'/ rJ C¥?IJ6 I.I5E 

J.: tlt4y,ll\'Ay, 
1'L./..SEE 
WHAT I CAN 
f)()i LfJOK, I 
GOTTA RUN.' 

'ti,1 

Delu"Tip: 
Yo.! I would like mara 
infbrmatlDn on tile lal· 
law1rlg: (a.ae. _ or .... , 
o Rep. C.B, Gal!agher 

($221.000) 
o Rep. Edwin Ed.warde 

($25,000) 
o Rep. WIn. MLNhall 

NO, THI5I5 
WALTcR. 
aONKIT& 

I 

8IG6lc. Gll ~ j 
" ~-

~HJ 
It-(,~~ ~ JUST UJCW()f;R,WG 

GOO? IF lHER&- WAS 
THE (3()07 ANYTHING I 

\ 
COULIJ fX) TO 

f HW 



12 Monday, Ocr. I , 198'1 

Searching for off-campus housing: 
It's got to be out there somewhere 
By PHIL LAUDER 

It's over. And nor a moment too soon. 
A week and half into the quaner, 

most of you now have a place to live. 
Two weeks ago, many of you didn't 
have a place to live , and life was a 
general disaster. 

Back then, school stared you in the 
face, and at its side was the prospect of 
living in some slr.ezy motel until the 
gods of off-campus housing blessed you 
with a place to live. 

"Roommate Wanted-North Clairemont, 
$215+117 utilities." Lord, six 
roommates? Get rea!. "Roommate 
Wanted-Pacific &ach, $175+ 1/ 3 uti!'" 
Well, ALL RIGHT! Let's see, "Kitchen 
privileges, laundry nearby." Fine . 
"Female only." Oh Christ. "Next." 

Murphy's Law could be reworded as , 
"If it's not one thing it's another." Or 
maybe that's Radner's Law. Anyway, if 
it's not the location or the features or 

OK, thanks." I don't know why we say 
thanks. "Thanks for norhing, buddy," 
would be more appropriate. Or perhaps, 
"Why the hell didn't you call the office 
and tell them to take the listing down, 
you stupid, inconsiderate, gut-wretching 
lowlife?" is what we should say. But no, 
we say thanks. 

Scratch, scratch, scratch , "Next." 
"Hello, I'm calling about the room for 
rent, Is it still available? Great! Uh, I 

half-hour of searching before you find 
the place. I\t last , there it is! You knock. 

After the polite introductions, you 
walk in. Two roomrrtates are Slaying, two 
are leaving, you're told-of course, your 
host is not among the ones staying. "So 
why are you leaving?" you ask 
innocently enough . "U h, personal 
reasons." Read: The roommates are 
disgusting slobs, and he couldn't stand 
it any more, Lovely, . 

There exists no more of an irritating, 
frustrating, or infuriating task than 
having to find a place to live. It stinks. 
It really stinks, It stinks even when you 
have months to do it. But it really stinks 
when you have until dark to find the 
place. 

You quickly learn the tools of the 
trade: a Reader and the Off-Campus 
Hous;·.g Office, After your morning 
ritual of coffee, donuts and 10,000 
classified ads at the nearest Denny's, 
you head to the Housing Office . There , 
you and your only real hope left in the 
world-those little 3x5 cards that say 
"Roommate Wanted"-come together 90 
minutes each day 'til death do you pan, 
or 'til you find a place to live, whichever 
comes first. 

"Hello. I'm calling about the room for rent. ' Is it 
still available? Great! Uh, I didn't see the rent listed 
on the card; how much is the place? (pause) OK, 
well, thanks a lot. " Scratch, scratch, scratch, "l'lext. " 

You poke around in the living room 
and the dining room and the one or 
two bathrooms, and you 
unceremoniously barge into people's 
bedrooms, where the beds are unmade 
and underwear is strewn around the 
room, "That's Danny's room. He's a cool 
guy, He really is, You'll like him: 

Seconds become minutes become 
hours of standing there, reading those 
Slupid cards off the housing board, 
shuffiing your feet back and fonh so 
they won't fall asleep. 

"Roommate Wanted-Nonh Park." 
No, too far. "Roommate Wanted-La 
Jolla, $425." Too damn expensive. 

the number of roommates, then it's "(the 
other sex) only" or "vegetarians only" or 
"non-smokers only" or "whatever it is 
you ain't" only. 

Every pOSSibility you find on that 
housing board is a pure gem, and a 
feeling of joy hits you as you scribble 
down the phone number and head for a 
phone. If there's not a 4O-minute line of 
people waiting to use the Housing 
Office phones, you call from there; 
otherwise, you wait until you get home, 
or, if home doesn't exist, until you get to 
the nearest phone booth. 

And you call. 
"HeUo! I'm calling about the room you 

have for ren ... , It's taken already? Oh, 

ALLmIGY AND HAw.vm su ••• a.1 
Volunteen needed for an allergy study using a new antIhlsblmlne 
treatment - males 12 to 65)'Urs of lISle with hayfewr ,itching In nose 
and eyes wtth sneezing and nasal congestion. this study Indudes: 

e 3 short vtslts t:Nef It days 
e S40 ~ per vtslt 
e Free allergy and blood testing 

For further InforlNtlon contMt: 

........ Plelkow, M.D. 4 ....... 
Bo.rd Certified Allergist 

THE FUTURECOPV PLACE 
WELCOMES BACK 

STUDENTS a FACULTY 

4 1jz( 
Self SeNice Copies 

Mon .• Thurl. 8 am • 8 pm 
Frl. 8 am • 6 pm 

Sat. 10 am . 5 pm 
Sun. 12 noon· 5 pm 

451·3775 
8855 Villa La Jolla Dr. 

(Near Ralphs" Sav.on) 

THE FUWRECOPY PLACE 

didn't see the rent listed on the card; 
how much is the place? (pause) OK, 
well, thanks a lot." 

Scratch, scratch, scratch, "Next." 
"Yeah. is that room still available? One 
ninety-five plus a founh , right? Can I 
come by and see it? Like today? Like 
NOW?" 

So you find a possibility, and you call 
the number and it's still available 
(amazing!), so now you get to check it 
out. Oh boy. 

Going to these places is also a biaSl. 
Since approxirrtately one percent of the 
population knows how to give accurate 
directions, once you've found the 
neighborhood you've Slill got a good 

And the other room? "That's Tammy's. 
She's usually at her boyfriend's, unless 
they come here ... '-

Well, thellace smells like a clothes 
hamper, an you're nor sure you'll be 
thrilled with the health habits of either 
Danny or Tammy, so the search 
continues. Like Mr. or Mrs. Right, the 
perfect place to live has to be out there, 
Somewhere. 

For most of you, !he struggle is 
over-for beaer or worse. It may not be 
Mr. or Mrs. Right, but you've gOt a roof 
above you and a bed and a toilet near 
you, and you're so happy you could ... 
sleep. But for anyone for whom the 
search continues-well, I wish you luck. 
that's all. ~ 

(}(}5'b XOHIX \() f: 
- IVNI~)nl(> IL )V', ] : 1<> 

S ~~I.d(> , ') ()()Ol ' NIW 
dJ!'IN\ · SC.U OZ - I I x 7. .H H<>I:) 

A..:I( ) =~ >-1'=1 ... 1 
H IlIHI l 11 11" .... (J d 10) I '" 1-. IHd I'>V 1 1.1 

rrrZ-9Sr l{Olb "'.D:) DUOI' D'l I~ ' ,H74d lilt 
UIIOrjl :fAO:) AdO:) 

( 01 PO'Oj \ ,\11/) r II 10 l'i 'S.topu 0\ .. 1 PHI.,I .... ' ( 01 P()'" "1111 OHIH II 

SCIENCE AND 
ENGINEERING 

MAJORS: 
TAKEOUT 

INSURANCE NOW 
How .bool an "insurance" policy lhal your sclence or engineering 

degree will really be used? II would be nice. Especllllly cooslderlng the 
work you pul into such. degree. 

The Air Force will use your IAIenIS. We have openings for young 
men and women majoring in selected science and engineering 
academIC fields ... like Aeronautical, Aerospace, General and Elec· 
Ifi al Engineering, Malhemallcs. Physics and Compuler Technology, 
and many more. 

One way 10 get Into lhese openings Is Ihrou!il Air Force ROTC. Our 
AFROTC scholarship can help you financially so you can concenlrate 
on gelling your degr .... AFROTC Is a greal opporlunily 10 help 
yourself Ihrough college, and lhe Air Force 15 a greal opportunlly 10 
really use whal you "'am 

Look In lo Ihe Air Force ROTC program al your campus . II's good 
Insuraoce 

Call AFROTC at SDSU 
265·5545 

HOTC 
Gateway 100 greot woy 01 It le. 

Acid rain been conducted to combat the problem. The largest obstacle in acid rain research is measuring how much the 
source affects the receptor of the acid. 

consensus on what types of tracers to 
use that would outline th~ path of the 
rain. 

< CONTINUED FROM PAGE 7 < 
pans of the Acropolis have suffered 
thL~ type of corrodin.'\ damage. The 
Colloseum in Rome is in similar 
danger. 

"No one has yet successfully measured 
acid Illin in a given area. To try to 
relite the source and receivers is not 
easy. You can't have a perfect scientific 
solution; it never comes," said Professor 
Nierenberg. 

LaLoratory models are effective in the 
labs but have not been able to aid 
researchers to detailed solutions of 
large-scale acid deposition. 

Another question facing the acid Illin 
issue, and possibly the most Significant, 
is that of solutions. A solution has to be 
found that will be economically feasible 
and provide the greatest cost/benefit 
ratio. 

"The foreslS and lakes are of primary 
concern; buildings and monuments are 
secondary: said Nierenberg. 

To compound the measurement 
problem, there is a great difficulty in 
tracing the exact source to the exact 
receptor. To funher cloud the issue, the 
scientific community has not come to a 

Researchers have found difficulty in 
measuring the effects of acid rain for 

One reason very lillle has been done 
about acid rain is that little research has 

I 

DRAFT ENVIRONMENTAL IMPACT REPORT 

The VnlVerMt> of l.ahfornla. San IJlegu 
Will nold a public he~lrInKoo the 
Draft environmental Impact R.eport 
prepililred on the Universlty'¥ Engineering 
HUlldmg Un ll I The pubhc hearing Will 
lake place on TlIUI<SIJAV. OCT. 1M, I\I!W 
:;:00 p.m .. Conle....,,,, Woom IliA. 
Administrative Cum,.x. (Enter the 
a;ampus usina tillman Urne, rurn left 
un M)'en Om'e, J)I"OCeed lU Ihe ·Admln' · 

~ trau ve Cumplex,) 
ThiS JrOposalls fur the (.'urblruCtIOfl 
of a :.even·story bu lldina whtch ""111 
proVide approximately l40.lOJ &quare 
feet of ifUS~ bI . .1Ildinv area and 

1~.Ul.(I :,quare reel of at.~I,..'T1able 
floor S~t:. ('he strUi..,ure Will be CtOOul 
It51eet h"". rhe buikll"ll ~dl tKoy,dc 
8(khttOnaJ I~OOratorlf'S. specialized 
faclhhes. oHu .. "eS and suppoct space ror 
I'ltw and exPindtd p((..,rams in tn6Im~nng 
and computer b(.ltnce pro~ for 
de,elopm<nl al UL~\) . rile prujU>ed 
project is ea:,1 or the Central 
UOI\/ersll)' Library and nonh or Miramar 
Woad 

fhc pur~ ul the publu. heannt: 
IS tn lake lhumony un any fk: .... 
mformallon and lhe hndmK'i of lhe! 
Ural I Envlronment,,1 Im~1 t<el'Ort . Wntlcn 
and oral ... 1IJtcmenl ~ from Interestt.'<i 

~r~ns or lruulb Yo III Lr 31.:cepted at the 
heannl fur ent r )' Intu the hearing rocorth. 
1\ transcnpt of the ht:anng Will he Imide and 
In the Final J:::nvlrunmemal lmpact Keporl. 

J'he hea rI ntt rt.'l. ...... d \~ til I.lI! kept open 
alter the publ .. ..: hcanna untillktllt.:r 
l l . lYtW. 1)UrlnllhHI perkJtl.lclter ... 
and ~Ullemcnl~ ma)- I.Je l'Iouh,mtted lor 
mdu:uQf'l 10 thl: record by '" flung: 
.\1 !11. Parirlcul l:nUum 
KbUun:e ,\liml. & PlanOi"¥. q ·tH-I 

IX~1l 
La Joll. , lA !l'./W3 
II, L£I'IIUN£: lij l~ J ~:;U I:;~ 
l:UPles 01 the lJrah !::m'lrunmemal 
Impal:t t(epon are 3\ ,.11lable at : 
l'lannlng Ufflce 
Mall Cude tJ·utJtj 
Ul:SIl 
I ... Jolla . LA!I'./(1.(l 

rELEI'IIU:;E . l ijl~) t ,l·tj"I ., 

ACAPULCO 
HAS COME TO 

CI.AIREMONT MESA' 
Acapulco Mexican Restaurants 
prides itself on serving the finest /' . 
selection of authentic Mexican 
food available anywhere. 
Acapulco is known for its 
warm, relaxed family 
atmosphere, delicious food, 
and truly reasonable prices. 
During our Grand Opening, win a $1400 Acapulco 

Mexican Vacation. October 1 thru October 14, 
~~ you have a chance to win a 5 day vacation 

for 2 to Acapulco, Mexico. The prize in-
cludes roundtrip airfare and hotel accom-

modations. Pick up your Acapulco 
Passport at the new Acapulco. Mexican 
Restaurant in Clairemont Mesa. Your 
Acapulco Passport also has valuable 

coupons, redeemable for great 
savings after our Grand 
Opening celebration. 
So come in to r--.-~ ..... .-J 

Acapulco during our Grand Opening 
celebration. Now that Acapulco has come 
to Clairemont Mesa, we think it's only fair ' 
that you come to Acapulco. 

"JIll) Mexican Restaurant & cantina 
Clalremont Mesa· 4060 Clalremont Blvd. (In Clalremom Square) " 483-9222 

Av;dlablt only al above Iocalion. "rand OptnlR(! c"ltbratlon 0cI0ber IIIIN OCtober 14. t984 . Entry blanks available wfthout 
purchase al rntaurantlocallon, or by mall entry forms I\r,lllabie by wrid~ 10 Acapulco SWftPSlakts.P.O. Box 70249, Pasadena. 
CA 9t t07. See enlry blank for cOllIS rults.1tIp drawiR(!1O be held on OclDber 15, 1984 al 7:00 p.m. 

iC) 1984 ALAR 

Monday, Dc I. I, 1984 13 

lack of a unifying aspect. The question 
is how to quantity death of life. While it 
is convenient to place a dollar tag as the 
unit, it may be inappropriate to do so. 
In Nierenberg's panel study, it was 
stated that the effects would somehow 
have to be quantified in order to avoid 
having a billion-dollar solution to a 
million-dollar problem. 

Canada and the US have had a long-
standing dispute over acid rain. Canada, 
maintaining that the US is the culpri t, 
has not been able to come to a 
successful accord with the US. Canada 
also produces some of the problem. ~ 

/fyou have 
diarrhea that 

began wfthln the last 48 hn and 
would like to partldpatte In an 
Investlgatfonal drug SIUdy at the 
V.A. Hospital call Cheryl 
Beaumont or Steve Pando! M.D. 
,453-75001 ext 3284 for more 
Info. Upon completion of the 
S1LId¥ )'Ou wUl receble 525. 

MlDlCAL VI1IIIINAIY 
DlNTAL ICHOOLI 

MlXICO-PHIUPPINII 
eEnglish Curriculum 
Auociated Hospitals 

e Total Transfer 
.Accreditation 

eLOIN Tuition 
elJlle in the us,.o. 
-U.S. Loan PrtveIeges 
e)ldvanced ClCCl9dItation 
tor PhD's. DVM's, DOS's and 

~'s tCMlClrdS MD degIee 

PROVEN STUDENT 
SERVICE 

P.O. lox 406, Inwood Sta • 
New York. NY 1~ 

212~1·1888 

.. ,.saw TI.rrftlll_, 
PREMRE 'OR: 

LUI 
• TEST-N· rAPE LIBRARY 
• REINFORCEMENT TEST 
• HOMESTUOY PACKET 
CLASSES STARTING 

(619) 27(}6610 



• 

14 MOllClay. Oct. 1. 1984 

Religious 
MONDAY-FRIDAY 
SIOO pm - Catholic Mass. Sponsored by the 
Catholic Community at UCSD. In the 
University Lutheran Churdl. La Jolla Shores 
and N . Torrey Pines Rd. 
MONDAY 

71~o-91OO pm - Asian American Christian 
Fellowship (MCFJ - We warmly welcome 
evef}'OI1e to join us for a time of fellowship . . 
Tonight. Victor will speak on the topiC of 
·Worship." In the North Conference Room at 
the Student Center. 
1'UESDAY 

5~ pm - First meeting of the Inter Faith 
Student Board. in the University Lutheran 
Churd'l. Students representing religious 
faiths desiring to dialogue are invited. For 
information call 452-2521. 

7~ pm - Tuesday Night Discussion 
Group. Sex. abortion. war. politics. God and 
Jesus. Want to talk about serious issues7 
Come to the Tuesday Night Discussion 
sponsored by the Catholic student 
Coordinators, in the Catholic Lounge at the 
Lkliversity Lutheran Church. 
WEDNESDAY 
6100 pm - Student supper hosted by the 
Lutheran Community at UCSD. open to all. In 
the lounge of Lkliversity Lutheran Churdl, 
just west of Urey Hall. 
6t4S pm - Bible stuay on the Book of Acts 
begins. led by Campus Pastor John Huber, 
hosted by Lutheran student group. Eve.yone 
welcome. In the Lounge of University 
Lutheran Cllurdl. across the street from 
Revelle College. 
8100 pm -A new Inquirers Seminar begins 
for seekers, sk~tics and believers. First Topic: 
" Is your God Too Small?" Campus Pastor 
John Huber presents an introduction and 
overview of Christian faith, history and 
ethics. All are irTllited. In the lounge of 
University Lutheran Church at La Jolla Shores 
Dr. and North Torrey Pi~ Rd. 
'0100 pm - Candlelight Mass. Sponsored 
by the Catholic Community at UCSD. In the 
chapel of the University Lutheran Church. 
THURSDAY 
St4S pm - The Thursday Dinner. Good 
food and great company. Sponsored by the 
Catholic Student Coordinators. In the 
Catholic lounge at the University Lutheran 
Cllurd'l. Admission is S2. 
7100 pm - Stuay Break - Come join us for 
an exc i t ing time of fellowship . 
entertainment. singing and insight into 
growing in your Christian faith. Sponsored by 
Campus Crusade for Christ See you at 
Bonner Hall, room 2105. 
7:.9100 pm - United Campus Ministry -
Bible Studies "Practical Witness/Everyday 
Faith." UCM is the campus ministry of the 
Presbyterian, Methodist. UCC, and Disciples 
of Christ. ALL ARE WELCOME. Refreshments 
to follow. In the South Conference Room, 
Building B at the Student Center. 
1:00pm - Bible Stucty: The bible is not a 
textbOok for behavior. not a resource for 
predicting the future. The bible makes 
extensive use of myth. Then what good is it7 
Come and discover the Catholic view of the 
Dible. Sponsored by the Catholic Student 
Coodinators. in the Catholic lounge at the 
University Lutheran Church. 

SATURDAY 
5100 .... - Catholic Mass. Sponsored by the 
Catholic Community at UCSD. In the 
University Lutheran Church. 
SUNDAY 
1.9115. 11:OO.m - Episcopal Church 
Worship Service: Sunday Eucharist and Parish 
felloWShip. In the Good Samaritan Episcopal 
Churdl, at 4321 Eastgate Mall. across 
Genesee from the east end of campus. north 
of La Jolla Village Dr. At the intersection of 
Eastgate Mall and Genesee. 
1:15 .m - Episcopal Churdl Worship 
Service: Folk Mass. in the Good Samaritan 
Episcopal Church. 
1:10 .m - Catholic Mass. Sponsored by the 
Catholic Community at UCSD. In the 
University Lutheran Church Chapel. at the 
corner of North Torrey Pines and l.1 Jolla 
Shores. 
10100 _ - Lutheran worship service 
begins new sermon series on the Book of 
Acts. followed by faculty feedback. In the 
University Lutheran Churdl. across from 
Revelle College. 
10:10 .m - Catholic Mass. Sponsored by 
the Catholic Community at UCSD. In the 
Student Center Bldg B, Lower Level 
Conference Room. 
"115 _ - A Catholic professor of 
chemistry. Dr. Douglas Magde speaking on 
" Can Christian Faith Service in a 
Fechnological World?" The public is 
welcome. In the University Lutheran Church. 
5100 pm - Catholic Mass. Sponsored ~ the 
Catholic Community at UCSD. In the 
University Lutheran Church. 
7100 pm - Lutheran evening worship 
service begins new sermon sereies on Book 
of Acts. In the Chapel of the University 
Lutheran Church. 

TUESDAY 
1100 _ - RENU. a student organization 

. which addresses the social and acacJemic 
needs and desires of students who have 
returned to sd'lool after a five-year absence. 
is having a meeting in the Muir Provost 
Conference Room. H&SS 2148. Organizational Meetings 5100 pm -.; Racquetball Club meets to get 
all racquetball player together. Find playing 
partners , get involved in ladders. 
tournaments. socials. etc. All levels welcome. 
At the Canyonview courts. 

MONDAY 
4t00pm - The one-year-old women's 
lacrosse team meets. All women who are 
interested in this fun running game should 
stop by. The team competes against Stanford. 
Berkeley. UC Davis and many others. No 
experience necessary. 
SIOO pm - Tennis Club meets to bring all 
UCSD pla)'ers together. Socials. competition, 
leagues. clinics and more. All levels welcome. 
At the Muir Court bleachers. 
6100 pm - Come to a Recycling Coop 
meetingll We need new membersl/ Receive 
coop benefits and a free dinner at the 
meeting ~ joining the Recycling Coop. In the 
Che Cafe. 
6100 pm - Sailing Club meets to discuss 
l.pcomlng sailing adventures. Sodals. ocean 
cruising. Catalina overnighters and more. In 
APM 2202. 
6100 pm - The intercollegiate badminton 
team is coed and welcomes any men or 
women interested in competing against 
other university teams. Stop by this 
organizational meeting for more info. In the 
Rec Conference Room. 
7100 pm - UCSD interCOllegiate sailing 
team meets to discuss upcoming season and 
team tryOUts. EveI}'Ot1e welcome to attend. 
In the Rec Conference Room. 
1100 pm - Intercollegiate snow ski team 
meets to discuss pre-season training and 
upcoming season. All skiers who like to race 
are welcome to attend. In the Rec 
Conference Room. 

7100 pm - Intercollegiate rug~ team 
meeting for all interested ru~ players. In 
the Rec Conference Room. 
7100 pm - Men's intercollegiate lacrosse 
team meets to discuss fall practice times and 
the upcoming season. New players welcome. 
No experience needed but lots of enthusiasm 
required. At the Muir Field bleachers. 
7100 pm - The Outing Club. a.k.a. 
Outdoor Adventurers. will be showing its 
spectacular welcome back slide show. Find 
out about club actMties and meet people to 
go backpacking with. Bicycling. canoeing, X-
country skiing, rock climbing and more. In 
the HL Auditorium. 
WEDNESDAY 
llOO-4lOO pm - Interested in health care 
experience 7 Volunteer to become a Student 
Health Advocate for Student Health Service. 
Join us at an orientation session at Student 
Health Service. second floor. Health 
Education Training Room. Training begins 
~k of October 8. If you can't make this 
orientation. visit SHA's table at FFOG on Oct. 
5, 11-2 pm. or call 452-2419 or 452-2180 for 
information. 
4100-5:10 pm - Support group for women 
who are lesblan, biseXUal. or questioning 
their sexuality. Planned discussion topics. 
supportive atmosphere. Every Wed, 4-5:30 
pm. in the Women's Resource Center at the 
Student Center #103. 

The 
Weekly 
~-----~ 

Calendar 
Services/Workshops 
MONDAY 
10:00 .m-fllOO pm - General Therapy 
Group - This therapy group is for UCSD. The 
focus will be on persor,al concerns, 
relationships and life goals. TIme may change 
if inconvenient for most students. Drop by HL 
1003 and leave a schedule. Leaders: John 
Andrews and Lourdes ~ez. 452-3755. 
TlJUDAY 
2100-1110 pm - Gay/Bisexua/ Men's 
Group - This is an on-going confidential 
support group for men questioning their 
sexuality. as well as those identified as 
gay/bisexual. Meets weekly for 90 minutes. 
For more Information. call Steve Br~. 
fadlitator, at 452-3755. Open to UCSD 
students. In HL 1003. 

5100 pm - Triathlon Club meeting for all 
interested in working out for and competing 
in triathions, At the Canyonview pool. 
5100 pm - The Ard1ery Club meets to 
bring all archers or hopeful archers 
together. Drop I;ly to find out where the 
UCSD archely course Is. At the Main Gym 
steps. 
51M pm - Surf team meeting for all 
interested surfers. Team elections, s~ups 
for October 7 contest, slide show and more. 
In IIPM 2313. 
1100 pm - Snow Ski Club meeting. All-Cal 
plans, exciting film, banana split eating 
contest sign-up. In the Rec Conference 
Room. 
IlOO pm - The Scuba Club. a.k.a. 
Seadeucers. invites everyone to its 
organizational meeting. Slicie show. dub 
info. dives, certification and lots more. This 
club is a must for all UCSD divers. In the Rec' 
Conference Room. 
THURSDAY 
UIOO pm - Mechanical Engineering Club 
will hold elections and kick-off party. Special 
projects will be discussed and membership 
information will be available. In UH 2102. 
5:00-6100 pm - Interested in public 
speaking or dramatic interp 7 Join the newly 
formed Speech and Debate Team and 
partidpate in Intercollegiate ~tions. 
Attend the organizational meeting or call 
566-4852 tlr information. In USB 3010. 
5100 pili - The Gymnastics CkJb meets to 
discuss workout times. supervision sctredules 
and new Ideas for the dub. /'I.nyone 
interested in gynTIastic workouts. honing 
old skills and developing new ones should 
stop by. On the South Balcony in the Main 
G)m. 
FRIDAY 
6110 pm - Hi folksl Triton wargamlng is 
here for yet one more quarter. We are here 
exclusively foryour entertainment. We would 

WEDNUDAY 
9100-'0130 ... - Shyness Group - Does 
anxiety over certain social situations cause 
you to avoid others or behave sI¥Y7 If so. 
come and meet others with similar concerns 
and learn new wi1yS to behave. Contact 
facilitators Dr. Steve Br~ or Lindsey 
Stroben. MA. at 452-3755 for more 
information. Open to all UCSD students. In 
Hl1003. 
l.oo-~I. pm - Gay/Bisexual Grac1Jate 
Student Group - This on-going. confidential 
group of men and 1IIoOmet'1 will focus on 
group members' conc.rms pertaining to 
having an alternative sexual preference and 
being a grac1rate student. In other words, 
reconciling one's personal and pro~ 
identity. Led ~ Steve Br~ and Wilma Busse. 
452-3755. In HL 1003. 
tHURSDAY 
'100-2" pm - General Group Therapy 
- This ~ group Is open to all UCSD 
students. grac1rate or undergraduate. The 
lOcus will be on both persohal and 
interpersonal concerns. Steve Bracly and 
Come Brunig. leaders. 452-3755. In HL 
1003. 
""DAY 
IIOCHIII pm - Alcohol and Substance 
Abuse Group - For students who want help 
in dealing with an alcohol or drug use 
problem. Emphasis will be on understanding 
the oorTJIlexity of the problem. identifying 
options, making a commitment to ~. 
and following through. Homework 
assignments and group norms will ~ 
established as part of the group's and 
individual's program. Before joining the 
group, interested students are asked to call 
Becca at 452-3755 to make a short 
appointment with one of our starr members 
to see if the group will meet their needs. Led 
by Dan Munoz. Meets at the Revelle Provost's 
Office. 

love to play your game Fridays in IIPM 2113 at 
6 :30. It's freell 
OTHER 
TUaDAY 
12100-' pili - Taking chanc~777 If you 
need more info on birth control. get it at the 
birth control information session. It's 
confidential, informal. and informative. Bring 
your lundl, a friend, and your questions. At 
the Student Health lounge (upstalrsl. 
w.DNISDAY 
12100-'100 PIII- Still relying on the birds 
and bees for your sexuality education 7 Get 
some real facts at the Dirth control info 
session - an informal. informative small 
discussion session about your sexual health 
and birth control. Join us. I'I.t the Student 
Health lounge (upstairsl. 
FRIDAY 
Il1oo.m-llOOpm - Visit our table on the 
Hump in front of the gym at FFOG and learn 
about )'Our blood pressure, percentage of fat, 
Student Health Service. Student Health 
AcMxate Program (trained students who 
IoOlunteer to work with Health Education for 
the SHSJ. See you there. 

~I.O pm - Ski Club's Banana Split Eating 
Contest. Sign up at Campus Rec, $5 per team. 
Fun, fun. fun. 01 the Urey LaWl'l. 
SATURDAY 
... pm - Mexican Fiesta Supper 
Sponsored by the International Club. Dimer 
will ~ature Mexican food. and will be 
followed by entertainment and activities. 
Make reservations and pre-pay (541 at the 
International Center Office. DInner held at 
the International Center. 

Academic Services 
MONDAY ...... DAY 
..... 100 ..... -SiGI. System of Interactive 
GuidanCe and Information Is a ~­
baSed program of career information 
designed to help you clarity your values and 
ocOJpatlonaIlnterests. For more information, 
mme to career SeMces Center In HL room 
1058. 
a. ....... - Q.\S/S \M'itWlg Center 
onm free service for all UCSD SILIdentS who 
need pre-wrIting help. COl ._1CeS or drafts. 
and editing ac:Mc:.e. \lie ~ ~ kW1d of 
wrttW1g and any kind d writing prOCIem. 
COllretl!l1CeS 1ft ~ IJ)pOinIment only. 
EYeni1g iRXIi ICIIII!I 1tS.e roN also ........ 
In 0MlS third Place at Thltd College. (Forthe 
U range of seMces see bIck of Fall 
SctreduIe.J' CAlI 452-2284 or tome ~ US8 
4010 1D tnike an IppOIntment. Tl1Is seMce Is 
available ttwoughoUt the quarter. 
............. -PAl..C~ -Don't 
spend more time ~ than necessaryt 
Schedule a one-to-one PAl.. (personal 
assistance (or learning, conference to 
stnYmIlne your stucttIn9. Theconferena will 
deal with your course matertaIs. concerns 
IndudIng reading ~ ehI!IlSion. merI'IOI)' 
control. lecture notetaklng. and test 
preparation. as well as how 1D manage )'CUr 
time. ~ stress. ooncentrate better. and 
O\II!I'come proaastlnation. Sponsored ~ the 
O\SIS Reading and ~ Skills Center In US8 
4010. 
N •• 100 ..... - GRAMMM MOSES 
HOTlINE - A grammar ho~ phone-in 
seNicr for help with diction. grammar and 
punctuation problemS. To reach Grammar 
Moses. call 452-2284 ~~ the hours of 
9:00-4:00 Monday through Friday. 
Sponsored by OASIS Writing Center. Service 
available throughout the quarter. 
• &»4.00 pili - Drop-in Hours. For 
questions pertaining to career planning. job 
hunting, resume' critiquing. etc. 
Appointments may also .~ scheduled in the 
moming ~ calling career Services Center at 
452-3750. 
MONDAY 

- Graduate School/Law/MBA AdIIislng. 
Planning on a graduate. law or MBA degree 
program after UCSD7 Help with admissions 
and application questions today by 
appointment only. Call Career Services 
Center at 452-4939 for more detailed 
int:>rmation. In the Student Center Bldg. A 
• .0..110 ..... - Interested in the Health 
Professions 7 Advising appointments 
available for career piaming and pre-

pro~ional school pr~ration. call Career 
Services Center at 452-4939 in advance lOr 
an appointment, but no earlier than one 
week. In the SWdent Center Bldg. A. 
.t4 •• lJOpm -Mock Interview-Seeing 
and hearing yourself on videotape can help 
put the finishing touches on interviewing 
skills . Prerequisite: Interviewing Skills 
Workshop. Call Career Services Center at 
452-3750 to make an appointment. In HL 
1058. 
llOO-ZIJO pili - OASIS AcademIc Writing 
In Sp¥Iish is a workshop designed for 
students taking upper-dMslon classes in 
Spanish. Special attention Is given to 
grarllmatical. syntactical. and rhetorical 
elements of the Spanish language. in order to 
enable students to pr~re term-papers of 
high academic caliber. In USB 4070. 
SIOO pm - HELP Orientation. Learn about 
volunteer positions at t~ UCSD Medical 
Center through the Health Experience 
Learning Progam. 
lU&SOAY 

- Graduate School/Law/MBA AdIIising. 
Planning on a graduate. law or MBA degree 
program after UCSD? Help with admissions 
and application questions today by 
appointment only. Call Career Services 
Center at 452-4939 for more detailed 
information. In the Student Center Bldg. A. 
9100 _ - On-campus Interviewing 
Orientation - If you are interested-in 
partidpating in the career Service Center's 
on-campus interviewing program this 
quarter. it is mandatory that you attend one 
of these orientations before you IntetView. ln 
the Revelle formal Lounge. 
..... ,0100 ... - The OASIS Grammar and 
Mechanics Workshop is designed for 
students IMlo would like to work on 
darlfting baSiC grammatical concepts and 
categOries. and applying them In an 
extensive systematic series of practical 
exererdses. this practice is valuable t:>r lI'PJ 
sn.rdents who MIe problems writing the 
complex English sentences demanded in 
academic wfiting. M exerdse lTlaflIJaI to ~ 
purctrased by the sUJdent will be used. All 
1IIoOr/( will be co~leted In the context of the 
IIIoOrkshop. In USB 402OA. 
.0.00 _ - "Marketable Res~." Learn 
how to write an effective resu~ . Start the 
process here, thf!n have your resumt' 
critiqued by a Career Services Center advisor. 
1'1. rn..tst for on-campus interviewing. In the 
Revelle Formal Lounge. 

, ..... ZIOO ..... - LectU'e Notft.akjng -
/'I.n ~ &NBS program willindude over 
1,000 hours of lecturt timel \Mil you get the 
most out of those hotn 7 This workshop will 

i~ )'OUr listening abllJ1¥. deII'eIop your 
notetakll)g Skills. and Introduce the 
extrmrdMy mastery learning system - a 
WIlY 1D ~ your r«.all as It cuts dOwrl on 

s~ bel edom Sponson!d ~ the O/'I.SIA 
RacIng and Stu4' Skllis Center in TCH 14 I. 
''''''100 .... - The OASIS Frend1 
Wot1cshop Is deslglled ~ br students 
who ft wrttW1g papers 01' other class 
assigIillei lIS rr French. SIudents not working 
on Jpedftc papers. but who would like to 
pertect their writing abIIIy In French. ft also 
welcome. The Wot1cshop will o«er a unique 
~ br students to edit their own 
papers. and seetc c:.onstnJ<::d\I atdcIsm from 
their peers. It will also pnMde clarillcation of 
grammar. mechanIcS. and sentence and 
paragraph structln. Pr&wrItIng dIso 1SSions, 
when neassay. wi. ~ conduaed in 
French. Students ",. attend on regular or 
ocasloNI basis. In USB 4070. 
..... ZIII .... - The I.M1guage Program 
I.M!f I and II - This Q\SIS t:>cuses on the 
thi IkIIIQ skills you need to sucussrully 
handle the reading and writing tasks 
ass9led In your CXIUr5es. It Is c:Jes9led Ibr 
those who want to perfect their EnglIsh 
language skills. LP classes an taught ~ 
reading and writing spedalists and bilingual 
tutors. LP is presented by the OASIS WritIng 
Center and the OASIS Reading Center in USB 
4060B. 
ZIII .lOOpIII-lnterested In Medicine or 
Dentlstry7 Drop-i'1 advising In open sessions. 
In the career Services Center at the Student 
Center Bldg. A 

.... UDAY 
- TIme Management - Do you have time 

to sn.rcIy. get good grades. exercise and 
social/ze7 The Wifi we use time determines 
how rn..tdl we achieII'e and how satisfying 
our days .e.If)'CU·renotgdtingenougt1out 
of )QJI' days. this workshop wig show you 
how 1D take control of your /Irt!, plan 
successrul stuc:tf sessions. Include sodaI and 
relaution time. and get ttwoug'r the quarter 
without the ailililrirrg frenzyI Sponsored ~ 
the a.-.5IS ReadIng and Stu4' SkIlls Center in 
the Student Center bldg B CDI.rete! Ice room. 
...... 0lIl_ - The OMIS Grammar & . 
Mechanla Workshop Is desIgned (or 
students who would Ike to work on clarifying 
basic grammatlcal concepts and categories, 
and applying them in an extensive. 
systematic series of practical exercises. This 
practkr is valuable for 1nJ students who 
MIe problems writing the CDl'Il>iex English 
sentences demanded in academic writhg. 
/'I.n exerdse manual to be purdlased ~ the 
student will ~ used. 1'1.11 work will be 

~ed in the context of the workshop. In 
USB 4060B. 

.... '.100 ... -Interested in Medldneor 
Dentlstly7 Drop-fl acMWlg in open sessions. 
In the career SeNicrs Center at Student 
Center Bldg. A 
10d0 ... - InteMewlng Skllis Workshop. 
Do you need help in preparing b job 
interviews7 career SeMces Center will 
prcMde tips on the best w¥ to present your 
qualltlcatlons and what kind of ir1teMew 
questions 1D expea. In the ReYeIIe Formal 
Lounge. 
.,...ilOO ... - . The OASIS Spnsh 
\l.UkJhop Is a new ~e of the l.1nguage 
ProgI allL It Is des9led rnaInIy for students 
who lR writing papers or OCher class 
assi9"ments in SpanISh. Students not 
working on specific papers. but who would 
like to pedM their writing ability in Spanish. 
~ also WElcome. The \IIobrkshop will offer a 
unique opportunity Ibr students to edit their 
own papers. and seek construcrIIIe aiIIcIsm 
from their peers. It wiN also prtMde 
clarification of grM:rmlJT. mechanics. and 
senteI Ice and parag-aph suuaurt. Pr~ 
writing dIso mions. when necessary. will ~ 
tonelJcted In SpanIsh. Students IN!Y attend 
on a regular or occasional basis, according to 
It1eIr needs. In USB 40 70. 
ZIII .... - On-Campus IntI!IlIiewing 
Orientation. If you are Interested in 
participating in the Career ServIces Center's 
on-campus interviewing program this 
quarter. it Is manc:Iatory that you attend one 
of these orientations beb'eyou interview. In 
the RevelIe.Formai Lounge. 
llOO .100 .... - TIme Management - Do 
)OJ Mote time to ~. get good grades. and 
halle free time7 The way we use time 
deternWles how rn..tdl we ac:hiew! and how 
satisfying our days are. If you're not getting 

Monday. Oct. 1. 198.. 15 

the most out of your days this IIIoOrkshop will 
show you how to take control of your life. 
p/a1 success1u1 s~ sessions, Include social 
and reIaicatlon time. and get ttvought the 
quarter wItt10ut the aamming frenzy. In 
OMIS ThIrd Place. 
1HI ""y 

- Graduatr SchooIjLaw/MBA Advising. 
PlannIng on a graduate. law or MBA degree 
plogrMn Dr UCSD1 Help witt! admIsslons 
and application questIons today by 
;appuIt Ibnerrt ont{. Call Career SeMoes 
Center at 452-4939 for II'IOI'e detaUed 
InbliilitiOIi. In the Student Center Bldg. A 
.11 •• ., .. _ - Irlterested in the 
HeJilth Professions 7 I'I.dIIiVIg appoiI ItIIII!I Its 
MllIabIe br career pJarnng and pr~ 
proIIessIonaI school preparation, Call career 
SenIIcIes Center at 452-4939 In advancZ for 
an appoIr ./llei It. but no' earlier than one 
week In the Sludl!nt Center Bldg. A 
.JIIe. •• JO .... - Foreign Service 
~ will ~ a presentatlon b 
aI'J students interested in breign services. 

. SporlsoRd tJi Career SeMces Center. In the 
North Confet _ Ice room of the Stuc:lent 
Center. 
... .... - ~s Interviewing 
Orientation - If you are Interested In 
partidpatIng In the Career SeMoes Center's 
on-carnpus interviewing program this 
quarter, it is mandatoIy that you attend one 
of these orientations before you interview. In 
the Revelle Formal Lounge. 
2.0.Il0l pili - The Language Progam 
l.eIIe/s I & II - This a.-.5IS focuses on the 
ttlinklng skills you need to successfully 
hat'ldIe the reading and writing tasks 
ass9led in your C:OUrse5. It is designed for 
those who want to perfect their English 
language skills. LP classes are taught by 
reading and writing specialists and by 
bilingual tutors. LP is presented by the OASIS 
Writing Center and the OASIS Reading 
Center. In USB 4060B. 
7100 pm - Pre-medical Orientation. 
Introduction to career planning for students 
interested in the medical pro~ion. In BSB 
1105 (Uebow Auditorium,. 
.... DAY 
.0100 ... - "Marketable Resumt' '' -
Learn how to write an effective resumt' . Start 
the process here, then have your resumt' 
crit'iqued ~ a Career Services Center advisor. 
A ITIJSt for on-c.YnpUs interviewing. In the 
Revelle Formal Lounge. 
'01'."110 .m - Interested in the 
Health Professions 7 Advising appointments 
available for career planning and pre-

pro~ional school preparation. Call Career 
Services Center at 452-4939 in advance for 
an appointment, but no earlier than one 
week. In the Student Center Building A 
llOO pm -lntetViewing Skills Workshop. 
Do you need help in preparing for job 
interviews7 Career Services Center will 
prCNide tips on the best wi1yS to present your 
qualificalions and what kind of interview 
questions to expect. In the Revelle Formal 
Lounge. 
~JIOO pm - Speed Reading - During 
this nini-course, you can expect to at least 
double or triple your reading speed and learn 
how to change your reading rate to suit your 
assignments. You will also learn actille 
rtading techniques and improve both your 
concentration and ccmprehension . 
Sponsored by the OASIS Reading and Stuay 
Skills Center. In HL 1205. 



16 Monday. Oct. I. '1984 

Champagne doesn't leave the ice bucket 
UCSD crumbles 
and La Verne 
steals the show 

By SCOTI KESSLER 
It was a balmy Saturday night on the 

28th day of September. The stands In 
the Triton gym were almost full, and the 
crowd was becoming restless. It would 
become more so before the night was 
through. After some lighting difficulties 
and a chant by the crowd , the show 
began. As the egg was pushed ontO 
center court, one could feel the 
excitement nse. The music became 
louder, the cheers became louder. and at 
7:36 the egg burst open, and the UCSD 
Sun God p(\pped out to a roaring round 
of applause. After dancing around, the 
new mascot announced that from now 
on it would preside over all sporting 
events held above water at UCSD. The 
crowd was hyped now. 

After 12 more minutes of warm-up, 
the main event got underway: the UCSD 
Tritons vs. the La Verne Leopards in 
women's volleyball. The top twO ranked 
teams In the country in Division III . A 
classic. The introductions were made, 
UCSD having only three senior starters 
and the Leopards having five. The show 
was about to begin. 

The Leopards jumped out to a 2-0 
lead, only to have UCSD come back to 
tie it at two. It figured to go this way all 
night. It didn't. The Leopards. surged to 
a four-pOint lead, and mamtamed that 
bulge until the Tritons found some 
offense and evened the scoreboard. ot 
long after his team tied the score at 
nine, UCSD coach Doug Dannevik 
called the first of several tlmeouts 
Mmutes later the game was underway 
agam , but the Tmons couldn't hold off 
the Leopards, as the vis itors pounced to 
a ) 5- 10 VIctOry. 

Aft6 months of planning. UCSD's Blue.." Gold ,~ 
Frid4y came off CIS a complete success AbitcIatt. ~. 
blues concm, a dining apertenu. and the umrdlni oJ dlCfICW 
Sun God mascot, the CDUIIDy'S top two powers ill IltYIAa m 
volleyball met in the PcMBon. But die Sun GocI .... " ..... 
UCSD's prayers. and La Venae Iuul tIae TrftDns.". die ... 
. . 

Kann Kalh and Molly Whea tley reached Jar the heavens, but the Sun God neva answered. 

- In the second game, Christie Wada 
served the Tritons into a rwo-point lead. 
But Leopard senior Laura Argonza came 
back with five points to give La Verne 
the lead . A tremendous rally gave UC 0 
the Side out and brought the crowd to 
Its feet. Moments later. Ka nn Kalk and 
Carol Lipson made tht: firs t of man y 

double-blocks that gdve the Tritons the 
POIOt. Dannevlk called timeout again at 
9-5, but after trading serves for a time , 
the Leopard~ fo rged ahead to Win 15-
11. 

When the third game got underway 

L CONTINUED O\J PAGE 18 > 

Dominance ends 
with a· changing 
of the guard 
By MIKE GREENBERG 

Fret not, but UCSD's reign over the 
rest of its peers in Division UI women's 
volleyball has slowly evaporated . 

That is not to say that the Tritons are 
not a good team. because they are. In 
fact, over the last four seasons. Doug 
Dannevik's team has visited the loss 
column just a handful of times, 
including Friday night'S disappointing 
shOWing against top ranked La Verne 
University. But it was the manner in 
which UCSD succumbed that will 
probably give Dannevik amnesia for the 
next few nights. 

Ne rvous and shaken from the outset, 
the Tritons were no match for a 
Leopard team rich wilh experience and 
poise. A brief third-game rally did little 
but cast an illusion of victory over the 
partisan crowd. For last Friday, the 
l eopards exhibited the brand of 
volleyball with which Dannevik and Co. 
have been so familiar in years past: 
aggressive, error-free and one which 
capitalizes on its opponents' let-downs. 
Afterwards there was no question which 
team deserved the number one ranking 
and should be favored to capture the 
NCM crown. 

But the success of volleyball, like all 
sports. depends on which team peaks at 
the end of the season, not the 
beginning. That is why the future, not 
the present, looks so promising for 
UCSD. tocked with young, unproven 
talent (only th ree starters, Molly 
Wheatley. Karen Kalk and Kristin 
Kilbourn returned from last year's 
runner-up club in the NCAA finals ) that 
Dannevlk Will try to harve t by year' 

> CO 'TlNUED ON PAGE 17 > 

Monday, Ocl. 1. 198'1 1 7 

New guard 
< CONTINUED FROM PAGE 16 < 
end. The Tritons could surprise in the 
NCAA finals . 

The Sun God comes alive 
The aforementioned will only be 

plausible if UCSD sette rs Carol Lipson 
and Christy Wada perform at much 
greater leve ls of execution than they did 
Friday night. Lipson. who is blessed 
with enormous talent. was a bit tentative 
facing me fierce front line of La Verne. 
Yet the multi-talented freshman can only 
get better with time. as will her Goose 
Gossage 9O-mph serve which is already 
one of the nation's best. Christy Wada. 
the lady who has the dubious 
distinction 01 filling three-time All-
American Lu Lu Schwartz's shoes. d id 
not play well , and she along with 
Dannevik will be the first to admit it. 
"My seuers are making some of the most 
inadequate sets I've ever seen: said 
Dannevik courtside in the heat of the 

!(aIR wins this bailie, but UCSO loses the war. 

match . Between games three and four, 
the Triton coach elaborated. "What 
happens when you have someone like 
Lu Lu is mat you take setting for 
granted, because Lu Lu never made any 
mistakes. We have to get better 
productivity from our setters, it's as 
simple as that." 

lronicaUy, it was Wada who rallied 
UCSD all by herself with an amazing 
setving performance in the third game. 
Down 4-2 after already dropping the 
first two sets rather easily, Wada rattled 
off 11 straight points on her serve, a 
tremendous accomplishment against a 
championship-caliber team like La 
Verne. UCSD went on to win that third 
game deCiSively, 15-5, showcasing some 
unbelievable shots that Jeft Leopard 
coach Jim Paschal speechless. "I had 
nothing to say to the girls after that 
game because they [UCSDI played so 
well," said Paschal. "If they can sustain 
that type of play over a whole match 
they will be exrremely tough to beat." 

Of course, that "if" is probably the 
biggest question mark next to why 
Soviet foreign minister Andrei Gromyko 
visited the United States so close to 
election time. which will probably go 
unanswered far after the polls close 
November 6. ~ 

By ALICIA AGOS 
And you thought you had to go to a 

Padre game to see the San Diego 
Chicken. Well , sorry. you still do. What 
happened before a wildly enthusiasti c 
and very appreciative Triton (yes, it's 
still Triton) Pavilion crowd Friday night 
was not a reincarnation of the San 
Diego Chicken but rather the birth of 
the new and so far veryJopular UCSD 
mascot. Yes, for now an evermore , 
UCSD will be represented at almost all 
above-water events by a colorfully 
effervescent Sun God. 

To Santa Barbara , La Verne, 
Claremont-Mudd and all other 
formidible opponents, UCSD will still 
officially be known as the Tritons. But, 
as an added attraction, the Sun God will 
serve as a mascot. 

Athletic Director Judy Sweet said that 
the Sun God proposal initially came 
about because , "People had dilTiculty 
understanding exactly what a Triton 
was. What we wanted was something 
unique , easily identifiable, and 
something which represented the area. 
We are still the Tritons, but our rna cot 
is the Sun God." 

At its offi cial introduction before the 
UCSD-La Verne women's volleyball 
match, the Sun God was received by the 
student body with virtUal open arms. 
Howerver, before this momemous birth 
occurred, there were some who held 
reservations about auending a school 
where the mascot could be as 
outrageous as a Sun God. EDNA 

. employee Charlie Gallman held this 
view: "I think, why not the Koala? 
Berkeley has the Bear. I think we should 
go with the Koala. Having a Sun 
God .. . that's like saying we take off our 
shirtS and lie in the sun every day." 

Just prior to the introduction of the 
mascot inside the gym, rumors of 
mascot candidates were circling. 
Roating by were words like "audacious." 
"typical," and "absolutely absurd." As the 
possible winner of this contest, the Sun 
God did not seem too popular. 

However. when the Sun God finally 
was introduced, he, she or it was 
heralded with nothing less than a 
boisterous standing ovation. 

Laughing, junior Dave Naimia gave 
his opinion, ". think the Sun God is a 
good idea for a mascot. It's fun. When I 
first came here, I thought the Sun God 
in Mandeville was ugly. But it's like an 
ugly child . If it's yours, you've got to love 
it." 

Dancing around, the Sun God 
psyched up the crowd waiting for the 
start of the volleyball match. On its very 
first night out. the Sun God more than 
proved its worth . 

UCSD 
JAZZ 

- --

ElYSEMBLE 
friday, Oct 5 12noon 

Massage 994 Lunch Wlndsurflng Mime 
Food Food Food Frisbee Golf COlI'se 

Breakdanclng Games & Contests 

Dept. of Physical [ducatlon x4037 

UCSO's new mascot, the offspring (somehow) oj the Triton, greeted a fired-up and 
somewhat restless crowd at the Pavilion Friday night. The Sun God "will represent 
UCSO at aU abow:-water events," although the UCSD nickname remains the Triton. 

UNCL 
Council navel Services 

WINTER TROPIC SPECIALS 
7-nlght packages 

PUERTO VALU-.RTA FROM $194 
HAWAII FROM $359 

DOUBLE OCCUPANCY: INClUDING 
AIRFARE, HOTel AND TRANSfERS 

PI EASE STOP INTO THE STUDENT CENIIR 
OR CALL 451-0630 



18 Monday, Oct . I, 1984 

Volleyball falls to La Vente 
< co T1NUED FROM PAGE 16 < 
the crowd had subsIded conSIderably. 
Down twO games to none and with their 
volleys to the wall , the TritOns dug in, 
bouncing back from an early third-game 
deficit to even the score at two. Then 
Wada came to the plate . Eleven straight 
points later she lost her serve on a great 
rally. But the Tritons had made what 
was perhaps their biggest run of the 
year to take a 13-4 lead. 

The fourth game turned out to be a 
disappointing final one for UCSD, 
although it was close throughout. The 
TritOns built an ea rly 4-1 lead, kept the 

advantage at 7 -4, and forced La Verne 
to take ItS fIrst timeout of the evening. 
But the Leopards, as they had done ~I\ 
evening, fought and spiked thei r way 
back to a tie at seven. Molly Wheatley 
answered with a great spike for the 
Tritons. and after Shauna Hinrichs of 
the Leopards made a seemingly 
effortless dig to prevent another TritOn 
point . Karin Kalk and Kristin Kilbourn 
came back with two more spikes to give 
UCSD a 12-9 lead. 

After another La Verne timeout and 
some nail biting, the action got 
underway again with UCSD ready to 
pocket the fourth game and get the 

AIL YOU CAN EAT 
,p\ SPAGHEnl1 fS~ 
~",.O $2.50 -066 

It EVERY MONDAY - 3PM TIL CLOSE i 
(Get there early for best seating.) 
WE DELIVER PIZZA 

minimum $10.00 order 
Purr TIMElEXAM TIMEIANY TIME 

------------------,------------------
$1.00 OR 

WHIN YOU BUY 
1WO SANDWlCRIS 

I 
I $2.00 OPF 
: 1WO DOIIAIS OPF 
I ANY LUGE PIZZA 

..... ··Itp ... 1nC 
I ..... S"M,,, a- I $2.00 OPF 

I One coupon pet vtaJt, pIaac. I . One ClOUJIOn per viall. p&c.c. 
I HoI valid wIIh any other coupon. I Not valid wIIh any ocher coupon. I 
: 0II'tr QOOd throuah 10/31/84. I 0II'tr QOOd throu&b 10/31/84. I 

------~~---------~------------------t~~ KITCHEN ~=~ 
Chicago Style Italian Eatery 5 Minutes to UCSD Campus 

BOME COODD POOD AT PAST POOD PItICBS. 

,,-:"-} N>. 

decider. It never happened. La Verne 
rattled off five straight pressure-packed 
points to take a 14-12 lead. Triton 
coach Doug Dannevik sat silently and 
watched UCSD lose the fi nal point on a 
net call. La Verne's comeback was a 
good indication as to why the Leopards 
are the top-ranked team in the nation. 

Coach Dannevik. was obviously 
disappointed with the loss. "We JUSt 
didn't play very smart in the first two 
games." he said. ·Our setters didn't 
make the right plays at the right time. 
But that's because they're inexperienced. 
They're young and aren't used to all the 
excitement of the game yet." 

Commenting on the inconsistency of 
the serving, Dannevik said, "We've been 
working on the serving aspect of the 
game. The first two games we played 

~.,.t.., -...,. .., >$'-.-. 

and served really badly. One of our 
head players, Molly Whealley, seemed 
really stiff those first two games, but I'm 
really proud of the girls sticking in there 
and coming back the third game. 
During a timeout at the beginning of 
that game I said to them. 'We're walking 
around out there as if we were two 
games back; let's pretend we're twO 
games up ,' and that seemed to spark 
them on. La Verne slowed down in the 
third game and we JUSt took advantage . 

"We have a lot of improvement ahead 
of us." he concluded, "and I think that 
you won't see La Verne play any better 
than they did today. It's stiU early in the 
year, and the finals could very well be 
just like this. If you can find two better 
teams in Division Ill, I'd like to see 
them." ~ 

.s1 t~~v~ 
. 1195 ~ ~~~~~ 

Contact lenses. 
examination. patient 
training. follow uP. 
chemical care kit 
and fitting. 
EXTENDED WEAR 
LENSES ONLY $265.00 

THE CLASSICAL EYE 
ROBERT HELLER, 0.0. 

La Jolla Village Square 
452-7374 

fashion valley Center 
295-0537 

LOUIS M. TARTAGLIA, 0 .0. 
UniverSity Towne Centre 

457-4791 

UCSD 

BLOOD DRIVI} 
ocr. 8.9.&10 

Revelle-Infonnal Lounge 
ocr. 11 

SIO Marine Biology Conference 
Room 4500 

10 a.m.-3 p.m. 
(Both Loeado_> 

FJlEE-T Shirts, Donuts, Omnge 
Juice, & Coffee 

Whatever Your Game Is ••• 
Make Sure You Have Ute Right Class 

The Department of Physical Uucatlonl Minor 
Program will be offerlnS: 

n 120 Spoltt In America Plwr 1:00 ·1:50 
Sec Conference Room (Rec Gym) 
Instructor: Jack Douglas 

student.t wishing to reslMer In the Pl 120 cl&u 
should come and enroll In the n OffIce (Main 
aym) with lvelyn I{ott/Geny IYalley. 

Running Thoughts 
Sometimes you just gotta say 'What the Chuck' 
By JEFF SAVAGE. Sports Editor 

The Chuck Muncie deal, which sent the Charger running back to Miami three 
weeks ago, obviously wasn 't the first deal that "the big guy" was involved in of late. 
Cocaine. Muncie tooted. And Coryell booted. 

When Muncie . the sixth-leading NFL active rusher, tOld Charger Brass that the tires 
of his car had been slashed, and later said that his windshield had been bashed in, 
thereby forcing him to miss the Chargers' flight to Seattle. New Orleans players must 
have been laughing their helmets off. It was the same stOry he gave to the Saints four 
rears ago. and they shipped him to San Diego. Coryell reacted similarly. Muncie was 
off to Miami. 

"What's in the past is in the past, and I'm just looking forward to the future ," said 
an elated Chuck. "The \\ieather down here is a little more humid than in San Diego. 
but at least we have a defense . That's something 1 can depend on." Howdaya like that? 
Chuck leaves Diego for a day and he's already snorting about the D. Well, don't let 
Muncie fool you. He was happy in Dolphinland for one reason: accessibility to 
cocaine. The stuff is so abundant in Miami that it's probably being sold in 7-11 stores 
these days. Muncie would be high for life. 

But wait! Two hours after Miami coach Don Shula proudly introduced his new 
running back to the florida press corps, 01' Chuck sneezed on his physical. Failed the 
uminalysis test. Cocaine. The trade was nixed, Muncie became Charger property again. 
and the Chargers promptly traded him to a detoxification center for a pair of fourth-
round draft choices. . .. 

Shula blew it. Not like Muncie can blow it, but Shula blew it. He should have paid 
off the lab guy to fudge on the test results and then award Muncie a bonus for a high 
coke level. The guy actually performs better when he's been tooting. Check his stats 
with the Saints and his white powder years with San Diego. Oh well . 

The saga ends with Muncie getting his nostrils taped in the detox and the Chargers 
awaiting his return. You see, Chuck gets to play for the Chargers once the league gives 
the OK. But only if he can walk again after re-entering Charger Country. Remember 
Muncie's harsh remarks about the Charger defense while he was in Miami? Chuck 
Muncie. meet Billy Ray Smith. 

• • • And the ChalJU defense, people keep telling me, has improved so much over last 
year. That just can't be. No matter how skilled a crew may be, the captain can still sink 
the ship. In charge of the Charger defense . as he has been for three futile years. is 
Tom Bass. Tom is easy to recognize. He's the big, fat, bald guy on the sideline calling 
stupid defensive plays and then throwing his arms skyward in frustration when his 
defense executes those plays to perfection, allowing touchdown after touchdown. 

A national audience got to see the Great Bass Mind at work last Monday night 
against the Raiders. With San Diego holding a seemingly comfortable ten-pOint lead 
with eight minutes to go. Bass went to his rubber band defense which is supposed to 
bend but not break. San Diego's rubber was too elastic . The Raiders won 33-30. 
Yesterday against Detroit at the stadium, it was more of the same. Ahead 24-7 at the 
half, Bass' troops went to work. In less than a quarter. the Detroit offense-not exactly 
explosive with Gary Danielson at the controls-gained more than 200 yards, scored 14 
points and got right back in the game. If not for a field goal that hit the upright and 
twO fourth quarter touchdowns that were called back because of penalties, the Lions 
would have stolen the game. Right from Tom's oversized hip pocket. 

The only guy more clueless than Bass is Charger general manager Johnny Sanders, 
who won't fire him. Charger fans need a break. A break from Tom Bass. 

It's an easy cheap shot. but somebody's got to take it. Give me Rick Ackerman, Miles 
McPherson and Reuben Henderson and l'll give you the nucleus of a crummy defense . 
Get rid of these bozos . will ya? By the way, Gary "Big Hands" Johnson to San Francisco 
for a pair of late-round draft choices? Nice move, eh? Ya gOlta like that improvement. 

• • • It's scary. When I went to my first Padre game in 1981, I watched Juan Eichelberger 
and the Padres go up against the Chicago Cubs. Two last-place clubs playing it tough 
in Mission Valley. There were five errors. eight walks. two wild pitches and an ejection. 
The Cubs won 5-4, but the fans didn't care. They stood there laughing. They're not 
laughing anymore. 

Three seasons later these two clubs are, gasp. in the playoffs. San Diego vs. Chicago. 
The Padres vs. the Cubs. Bad vs. Worse. 

The last time the Cubbies the champagne corks in celebration of a division 
title, Israel hadn't becdme an state. Hiroshima was still a cinder, and 

, ~ I t 10 ~~ 11 I t 4'5 II \ 0 "'5 11 Ie 4' It 11 
..., - - , 

a, __ 
.. e _ ..... 

-- -- ---s..~'l'::r J ·,:,~~,r • ~",-':':.~ -7 

4~ I I 1 .. r ill C 
Me - , .. , .." - .. . . '-= ______ " ... .,;;"...;;;, ......... \"'::"''';:;'-=:'J ,, _______ oJ 

Playoff and Series tic~ets with the Padre logo on them would haw been a big laugher three )'tars ago. 
UCSD wasn't even a concept. Padre fans find that humorous. It (ook them only 16 
years to end up at the top. 

There's a simple reason for this sudden surge by these long-time bumblers. It's called 
parody. Talent is so evenly distributed throughout the league that any team can win in 
\l given season. Where did Toronto come from? And what' the deal with .the Mets? 
Hell , even the Twins almost made it. 

Check out this stat: The last time a tcam managed to finIsh fir t in its diviSIOn TWICC 
In a row (not winn mg the league utle , Ju~t the dlvi Ion) was 1977-78 when Kansas 
CI!Y. Los Angeles. Philadehhia and New York all dId It. SlIlCi! then, 110 diVISIonal 
wmner<; havc rcpeJletl Tn d.llC . that's 24 club Ih,lt dIdn't ddend thl'lr dIVISIOn uric 
r hh league has paroU j. pal And It '0 ,cal) 

Monday. Oct J. 1984 19 

SEX, ABORTION, WAR, 
POLITICS, GOD, JESUS 

50 many words are flying around campus. Feel 
dizzy? Want to talk about serious issues? Then 

. come to the Tuesday Nlte Discussions held every 
Tuesday night at 7:30 p.m. at the Catholic 
Lounge at the University Lutheran Church 
(across from Revelle) starting Tuesday, Ocrober 
2. 

Sponsored by the CatholiC Student Coordinators. 

* T-Shirt 
* Umft.ed ~tries 
* Refreshments 

foil feshvol 
tR~green 

TRlATIILOlY 
Saturday, Oct 6 Triathlon: 7am 

Dept of Physical ~ucatlon 14037 

CONSIDERING A LAW CAREER? 

SOUTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY SCHOOL OF LAW 
Los Angeles, California 

A representative from Southweatern Unlveraity School of Law 
wUl be on campus . 

Monday, October 8, 1984 

South_tem, the largestluUy-accradited 
law EhoollnCallfomia, isa modem, urban 
In,titution located In the Wilshire Center 
area of Los Angeles, I n the midst 01 major 
law firma and corporate headquarters, the 
Unlverllity ia only a f_ mllea from ltate 
and federal court buildings, governmental 
law offlceland regulatory agencies. 

Studenta may apply to one oIfourCOUlll88 
01 atuc:lyleading to theJurlaOoctordegrae: 
• a three ~r lull-time day divlalon 
• a four ~r ~ .. ·tlme evening diviajon 

• a lour ~ar part-time day division, 
PLEAS (part-time Legal Education 
Alternative at Southwelfem) 

• a unique ~"ndar ~r alterna-
tive curricular program. SCALE 
(Southwestem's Conceptual Ap-
proach to Legal Education) 

II ~ are Interasted In teaming more about 
the legal profession. the law echool experi-
ence and the application proc:eaa. plea .. 
anange to meet with our rel)nllentative by 
contacting 

r.areer Placement Office 
(019) 452-4939 
~_U_tySc:hoololLlwhu_thepubllc_1811 .. 1"OnIWOftt. __ 1anI1 
inIIMullon.SouthweoI.mUnI_ty_nold11ct1"" .. 1eOftlhlbul.oI,..,..COIor._ .... IgIon._"" .. nIc 
origin.", hIIndIcIp In connec:11on wi1II8dmiOlion 10 IhII _ .orln the _nl_1Ion "'"ny oI ltleduce1lonII . 
I1IIPk>wmenl ._Illd. _rohlp.",otudenlectMty __ . 

IWglsterect Students and Post Doc's 
" "Cover your Dod" with 

--.... 

",:?' Sickness and 
Accident Insurance 

Student Premium· '53.00 
Spouse-S66.25 
ChlIdren-S66.25 

------- per quarter-' 
ENROLLING NOW until Oct. 14th 

--- information and appliCations ere OYOilobie ar __ _ 

Student Health Center • Q-039 • 452· 3300 
PI~ note: f\evised descriptive brochures o-e available or 
the Studenr Health Center. The new brochures replace any prior 
brochures describing the 1984-1985 UCSD 5rudent Insurance . 
Pion uncierwrinen by Atlanra International Insurance Company 
under Policy No. AH01 965 MY brochure that does nor have 
the notation REV.ORO.ED.9/84 AH01965 IS no longer In effect. 

""' .. _--......... . 



20 Monday, Od 1, 19 .; 

Classified advertising space Is sold In 
100-character Increments. Each 
letter, punctuation mark and space 
between words Is considered a 
character, with capital letters 
counting as two characters. The rate 
Is $1 per 100 characters for students 
and $3 per 100 characters for non-
students. You must come by the otnce 
or mall In your ad, as we require 
payment In advance of publication. 
Deadlines are 5 pm Tuesday for 
Thursday's paper, 5 pm Friday for 
Monday's paper. For more 
Information call 452-3466. The 
Guardian, UCSO, 8-016, La Jolla, CA 
92093. 

PADRE PlAYOFF TICKETS: TIckets available for 
Paaes \IS. Cubs playoff games. Call Jeff, 458-9999 
or 452-3466. (10/4) 
78 Ford Must AM/FM cass. 68,000 mIles. Good 
cond. S2, 7ooobo. caroline 45 7-3074 or 459-9541. 
(10/8) 
For sale brand new Hewlett Packard calculator 
(Model 16c); sao. call Gabriel 453-9878. (10/1) 
Moped; Honda Urban Express: excellent 
conditIOn, great gas saverl Only S350 (includes 
helmet). Call Donna/456-2154. (10/1) 
8uick RivIera 1976 full eqUIpped. Low miles. 
S1600jbest. Call LUIS, 452-8480. Great condltJon. 
(10/1) -
1-P-4ICVwJth t ime module, in excond, all manuals 
and case included. Call JIm. 453-6872 and make 
offer. (10/1 ) 
1974 Honda CMC, 5500 miles S1500. Good 
transportation car. W/car cover, etc. Call John, 
483-5429. (10/1) 
Gothers desIgner-labels for men and vvomen, I.e. 
Ralph Lauren, etc. Some new. mostly used, all 
inexpensive. Call 459-5232 anytime. (10/1) 
RlTONS: Bed and couch In one. Handmade of 
100% cotton, comfortable and affordable. Golden 
Moon 274-4574 /10/4) 
1976 Honda C8-550 motorcycle. Cheap/reIJable 
transportatIon. Good condition. S600 Call 
Walt/455-9535 (10/1) 
1974 Ford PInto Wagon. Auto, new brakes, steel 
radials, shocks, custom wheels, radIO, roof rack. 
S1000. 454-2089. (10/11) 
Must sell 78 K2650SR mag wheels, 3 dISC brakes, 
new WIring harness, chaIn and sprockets. 5800 

OASIS WRIT1NG CENTER 
....ounces 

A NEW SERIES OF VVORKSHOPS 
• • • 

"EXPLORING 
ALTERNAT1VE WAYS 

OF lHINKING" 
• • • A nine-week workshop given by 

Sarah Lopez, Department of 
Music, providing opportunities for 
the exploration and development 
of personal expression and point 
of view through an artJstlc 
medium of your choice. There will 
be group and Individual exercises, 
demonstratJons and discussJons of 
various approaches to creative 
thinking which will guide and 
direct participants to more 
etrectlve strategies of thinking. 
Umlted enrollment: sign-up at 
OASIS Writing Center - 4070 
USB or at the workshop which 
starts Tuesday. October 2, 
11 :30-1:00 In the South Conference 
Room located In Bldg, B, Student 
Center and continuing for the 
following eight weeks. 

Uc 

080. Call Dave at 276-5427. (10/4) Express IS lookIng for a parttimer lllleekends Amiversaryll,. Yours forever, Stephanie. (10/1) 
evenings, 17-21 hours WI< Gain experience and 

1976 VW DASHER: Runs great, looks great. S15oo. 
Call Greg/455-9535. (10/1) 
1972 VW SUPERBEETLE: Nf!W rebuIlt engIne. 
Needs bocly vvork, but runs great. Sloo. Call 
Walt/455-9535. (10/1) 

r:;~~~~~:~i~jS~36I5~'ropby ~ Ri RIM; I 
ii#iiBJ IIIII ~lr~=."~~::=.moJij 75 Mazda RX-4 for sale. 75,000 mIles. Needs work 

on engJne. 4 cy!. Gold-brown S5oo. Call Arianna 
695-8497. (10/1) 
Exerutive desk for sale. MInt condition. 6><3 11:. 
pentagon shaped 6 drawers. S55O. Call Arianna 
695-8497. (10/1) 
82 Chevy Cavalier for sale. 34,000 miles. Looks and 
runs nf!W. 4 cyl. Ught blue. S5900. Call Arianna 
695-8497. /10/1) 
TRS 80 Model III corrputer (16K: no disk drive), dot 
matrix printer, Scripslt vvord processing program, 
cassette recorder, cables & cassettes: all for S7oo. 
271-8201. (10/1) 
Atari 400 CO"l>Uter. S35. 429-1696. (10/1) 
Available: spaces in Campus Rec's aerobic classes. 
452-4037 for details. (10/1) 
Vespa Scooter: 1978, 9Occ. orange. Great 
condition, seldom used. Only 2700 mIles. 
S650/offer. Alex 457-5251. 

rffHHtm1111111 
ATTENDANT (female) by disabled young 
professional vvoman. Part time/full t ime. Must be 
self-motIvated, effiCient, reliable, energetic. 
Personal care (experIence unnecess) . 
housecleanIng, cooking, laundry, shopping, 
drIVing. Own car. Ask for Sue 272-9367 (paotic 
Beach). (10/1) 
Drummer wanted for punk influenced onglnal rock 
band. Call Joe, 457-2041. (10/1) 
Roommate needed, respon, to share condo near 
UCSD. Pool, jac. S250, 1/3 uti!. 453-7448. (10/1) 
TennIS player: 8 plus to A player wanted for 
cofTl>etltive and fUn play. Call Wayne 453-7346. 
(10/4) 
Wanted: responsible student to sit charming 6-mo. 
old In her/his campus apt Tues. Thurs. times 
negotiable. Call Kate 452-2742 or 296-6491. PO/I) 
Schedulers IM>rklng in Sorrento Valll!Y for a 
nationwIde mobile health screening company. 
Good communicat ion and phone skills required. 
Must be dependable. Flexible hours and excellent 
union benefits. Call John Cole, 275-0753. (10/11) 
ActMst make a commitment to peace while 
earnng money. 4-9 pm, M-F. Call MIchael at the 
Nuclear Weapons Freeze office for intervif!W. 576-
1897 10-2. PO/I) 
Interested In optometry? If so the Optometric 

Wanted: Fun-loving stucly-liklng rema~ roommate 
to share master ~room in condo. S225 plus 1/3 
utilities piuS Sloo dep. Call Chris or Kitty at 457-
4096.(10/1) 
Male and Female spaces available in Revelle 
Dorms-call 452-3025 or come to the Rev. ~. 
Dean's Off. (10/4) 

GMAT/LSAT TUTOR. PhD student. Former 
instructor for major US test-prep center; 4 ~ars 
teaching experience. IntensIVe, analytic method. 
Andrf!W 459-7602, eves. (10/8) 
EXPERT Typing. Also cassettes & COfTl>Uterized 
vvork. Spelling free. We carel ~, 459-5818. 
(10/18) 
Top Drawer Secreta(ial Word Processing. Reports, 
resumes, manuscripts. Student rate. Oiane 481-
4160. (11/29) 
Models. Former UCSD GuardIan Photo 
Editor /UCSD Calendar Photographer now 
produdng hIgh-quality, low-cost modeling 
pOrtfolios. Color or B& W. Call Rich Pecjak, 695-
8714 for appointment. (10/29) 
RESUME~, papers. Super quality. Same day, /lNOfd 
processIng by A-L-F-A-B-I-T-S. 454-8628. (10/1) 
Reserved: spaces for students in Campus Rec's 
aerobiC classes. Sign up today. (10/1) 
Need a couch etc. ITlOIIed but own a Volkswagen? 
Let hardworking college students IT10Ife you 
cheaply. Call 455-1063. (10/4) 
Super1yplng with IBM III. Same day service. 16 years 
experience. Call Fery 457-1393. (10/1) 

Bonjour, mon petIt choul The UCSD red-eyelashed 
infatuatIOn has struck agaIn . Je ne pew< pas 
attendre (I can't walt) to see you again & hopefully 
add a little irratIOnality to your vunderful UCLA life 
.. , A bientot, Afro/cat. (10/1) 
Hey Paml Meet ya at CanyorMf!W to enroH in our 
rec aerobic class. Steph. (10/11 
Christopher-I luv soo muchl 'Happy 

The UNIVERSITY OF SAN DIEGO, in cooperat ion with the 
Nat io nal Center for Paralegal Training, offers an intensive 
12 or 36 week LAWYER'S ASSISTANT PROGRAM. 1 his Pro· 
gram will enable you to put your education to work as a 
s~ill~d me~ber of the lega) team. 

• Speci./tles oHered I. tIl. followl_. fi.ldl: 
Generalist (Evenings only) Estates, Trusts & Wills 
litigation Corporations & Real Estate 

• ABA Approved 
• Internship 
• Employment Assistance 
a free brochure about this career opportunity 
(619) 293·4579 or mail the coupon below to: 

t Un lvePilly of &n Diego Room 318, Serr. H.II (8) Lawyer's Assistant Program San Diego, CA 92110 
UCSD 

Spnng Dav 198~ 
fCbrUdlV 4 May 17 

Spflng fv(Onlng I 8!> 
February;> November IS 

Summer Day 1 8~ 
Jun 3 "'ugusl 10 

State 

o Phone 
fall Day 1985 

ZIP 

[J 
o 

'plfmbP. 'I D('cembu' 13 
Fdll h n",'l 1985 

pi 'mber 26 JUri' 19 198b 
The Un,,, rSlty of S n Ole 0 does not dl~c"m,nat. on the 
b.\os of race. se>. color, , .. loRlon, age, nallonal 
ante~t'y . 0' l1andlLap ,n ,ts polocles and programs. 

LOST: tan dulfte bag WIth dance clothes and shoes, 
9/25 in HL 1402. call 469-7613, Les~. (10/1) 
Found: Swimmers cap and !P99'es. call RoIy at 
452-9595 and ~~ a message. (10/81 
[»berman Puppy 4 months old, \/\IeI1 cared for, 
found on ThIrd College near ~son. call 459-
6899. (10/4) 
Lost: Ladles gold Om~ wrIStwatch. " found, call 
Tarzan, 450-0724. Sentimental valve. (10/1) 
Found: Backpack with shoes and musical 
instrument. 454-6982. (10/41 

Kl!yist/synttlst-New, all-pro band needs your 
abilities. call Mike or Larry, 294-EK)76. flO/II 
Your ~Iow student noise-malcers; UMBO SlAM, 
need your support at the Spint club, 1130 Buenos 
Ave. oft of Morena around IOpm Satur~ the 29th 
and Friday the 5th. 21 and up. Merd Beaucoup. 
(10/1) 
S360 weekly/up mailing clfcularsl No 
bosses/quotas I Sin~ interested rush self-
ad«nssed erJVeIope: DMsion · Headquarters, Box 
464CFW, Woodstock. IL 60098. (10/221 
Dau!jlters of lesbian motherS needed for stucly, 
Ono/ small <mount of your time needed. PI9se 
helpl Call Julie Schwartz 459-2100. (IO/l8t 
Insurance Warl We'/J beat any price or we Q:)n't 
wiW your buSInesS. Tickets. accidents. sports cars. 
good driver /studerit disaxJnrs: all welcome. Call 

~1135. Request UCSD Plan. (11/291 
Bioengrneerlng Club wIg hold its first meeting 
Thurs. Oct. 4 6:00-7:00 pm in the ~~ FonnaI 
Lounge. All are welcome to diSOJSS the upcoming 
actMtIes. (10/1) 
SaiUng Club ~ slide show. New rnen1tlers 
welcome. Mon. 6:00 pm APM 2202. (10/11 
Enter Sk. Cllb's 100 It. long Sana SpHt contest Oct. 
5 during frog 3:30 sigl up Canyonvif!W S5/team of 
4. (10/4) 
Uke vvow man. Rec classes-too cool. SIgn up like 
today man like at Canyonvlew. (10/1) 
ELECTIONS and kick-off party for Mechanical 
Engineering Club WIll be held on Thurs. Oct. 4 at 12 
noon in UH2102. Membership info will be available 
and special projects will be discussed. (10/1) 


