
... I T5 Llk 8 Wily, 
I had!!'y VectOR 
In hefweeJ1 SOlC4e-
1i111J lIke fA/5 ••• !1 

to hQve J-F,ce 
hOU~ wIth thl5 Jerk. 

Sexual Harassment Takes on a New Definition 
See story, page 7 " 



January 1984 has been designated as 
.. lUdent Unity Month ," a month for 
slUdents to unite in support of higher 
education . Throughout January, a series 
of activities at the state capital will be 
sponsored by student leaders from the 
University of California. The goal is to 
create a highly visible and effective 
student presence in the capital so that 
student Issues will become a top 
legislative priority this year. 

o 
The UCSD Energy Center has 

received a $lJO,OOO contract from the 
Department of Energy (DOE) for studies 
on advanced fud cells. this is the sixth 
in a series of studies on new fossil-fuel 
technologies that has been f~nded by 
DOE and has been performed under the 
chairmanship of UCSD Energy Center 
DIrector 5.5. Penner since 1975. The 
studies at UCSD will deal with the next 
generation of fuel cells, notably higher 
temperature cells in which 
electrochemical conversIOn processes 
are performed with electrolytes. 

o 
The UC Student Lobby an nounces 

that the annual Legislative Conference 
will be held February 26-28 in 
Sacramento. All UC students are invited 
to attend . ApprOXImately 100 students 
from every campus participated in last 
year's conference, and in anticipation of 
a larger gathering lhis year, the Lobby 
will accept reservations from 150 
students tudents interested In politiCS 
should not miss this conference. 

o 
Are romance readers tired of the 

numerous explicit sex scenes 
characteristic of recent romance novels? 
One of Harlequin 's editors , Laurie 
Bauman of the SuperRomance line, says, 
"We see a lot of fan mail , and our 
readers want to get away from the 
countless sex scenes: This subject will 
be discussed at the Second Annual 
UCSD Extension Romance Writers 
Conference, February 10-12 at the La 
Jolla Village Inn. 

1969 ... 
Soon a decision will be made by 

Chancellor McGill or the Board of 
Regents whether or not to ex tend the 
contract of controversial UCSD professvr 
Herbert Marcuse. The function of .1 
university IS to rock the boat , to goad 
civilization on to greater advances, In 
social as well as scientific areas. Former 
Chance llor Galbraith Sdld of UCSD. 
"The old ideas, not the new, must 
defend themselves here: 
1970 .. . 

In an effort to deal with the problem 
of protecting faculty members from 
undue interference while performing 
their function, chapters of the Amencan 
Federation of Teachers have been 
formed at UCSD. Most alarming are the 
incidents of dismissals of UC PreSident 
Clark Kerr .lOd UCB gllest speaker 
Eldridge Cleaver and sifTIil.!r dCtlOn 
agdlnst UCSO's Herben Marcuse and 
Angela Davis. 
1971 ... 

Standmg east of the UCSD cdmpus is 
what will soon be the new Veterans 
Administration Hospital. A $35 million 
project, this 81l-bed hospitdl will be 
highly integrated With both the Medic.ll 
School and .llso the Universiry Hospitdl 
of San Diego. Dr. Turner Camp, director 

Two T'ai Chi Ch'uan c1a~s taught 
by Denue1e Eknes and Wendelin 
Valleau WIll be given through the 
Campus Recreation Department starting 
January 18 and 24. Tal Chi Ch'uan is 
an ancient form of Chinese exercise, 
practiced by millions of Chmese to this 
day. The forms consist of a series of 
precise movements that, when 
practiced, lead to health and longevity, 
as well as serving as a "moving 
meditation." 

o 
A multiple sclerosis patient 

experiencing frequent pulmonary 
aspiration has become the first patient 
at the UCSD Medical Center to have 
endoscopiC placement of a feeding 
gastrostomy tube. "I n these patients the 
gut works fine , but because of other 
problems they are unable to maintain 
adequate oral intake," Dr. Brozinsky, 
assistant clinical professor, said. "This 
procedure is especially useful in patients 
with neurological disease, such as 
Multiple Sclerosis or Lou Gehrig's 
disease , and certain stroke victims." 

o 
The air you breathe, the water you 

drink and the food you eat all 
Significantly affect your health, especially 
if you are one of the growing number of 
people who suffer from allergies based 
upon environmental factors. UCSD 
Extension is presenting a one-day 
workshop titled 'Health vs. Environment: 
An Increasing Connict, the New Medical 
Challenge" from 8:30 am-6 pm Saturday, 
February 4 in Room 2250 of the AP&M 
Building. The seminar COStS $80. 

o 
A $2.2 million ationdl Cancer 

Institute contract deSigned to studr the 
expenmental dnti-tumor activity 0 10 
chemotherapy drugs has been awarded 
to Dr. Raymond Teatle, assistant 
professor of medicine and pathology, 
and Dr. Stephen B. Howell , associate 
professor of medicine, at the UCSD 
Medical Center. The study will test the 
drugs which have proved to be effective, 
ineffective or to have unknown effects 
upon cells from ovarian and malignant 
cancer. 

of the VA Hospital , IS looking forward to 
joint efforts with the Medical School. 
The hospital will try to utilize residents 
and interns associated with the school 
1972 .. . 

One of the tedms to beat thi s year will 
be UCSO. Yes, fans , it's true . UCSD is 
gaining fame and glory in the sports 
world . ConSider this: What UCSD 
varsity team has a sixteen-game winning 
streak going? This feat occurs in a 
league which includes UCLA, USC, Air 
Force. UCB and S.lO Diego State. The 
sports power? Fencing. 
1974 .. . 

One of the central issues connected 
with the UCSO campus is the existence 
and elimination of discrimination 
against women. The area which requires 
most Jttention according to Affirmative 
Action IS fdculty tenure appointments. 
This is being at.lcked by medns of 
effortS to recruit women into graduate 
programs. Job and 5<llary classifications 
are generally set to renect sex 
ste reoryp i ng. 
1976 .. . 

CalPIRG is slated to begin .1 study on 
the nutritional content of the food 
served in the dining halls and snack 
bars at UCSD. According to CalPIRG 

"Many of the AS councilmembers do not take their jobs seriously. It is almost 
impossible to impeach anyone, because as of now job profiles do not exist," said 
Marc Boroditsky, appointments and evaluations commissioner, after 
distributing a Board of Evaluations questionnaire to a jeering AS Council whose 
weekly meeting lasted twelve minutes. 

A Board of Evaluations is now being established as a body outside the control 
of the AS Council, as a judicial branch of government operales in relationship to 
the executive branch. "The Board of Evaluations would audit, or receive power 
to look at, all actions taken by the AS Council: said Boroditsky. "The Board of 
Evaluation questionnaire was composed 10 help establish job profiles for 
council positions that council members would be legally committed to." 

The AS Comimssioner and Representative Prome questionnaire includes 
name, position, what responsibilities the position entails, what sector of the 
student population is represented (e.g .. college, sex), what depanments or 
offices worked with on campus and off campus, what type of projects within the 
representative's responsibility, what projects pursued this year thus far. what 
projects pursued not included in nonnal responsibilities, what view of internal 
control, and what the Board of Evaluations should do. . 

Many of the AS councilmembers expre~d that they were not interestred in 
Boroditsky's questionnaire and he should not expect many replies. Boroditsky 

, ' said, "Once the AS Coundi understands the run seope of the Board of 
Evaluations they will hopefuny approve it. Right now they see it asa CIA or form 
of McCanhyism: (McCatthyism is a fonn of political censorship imposing one 
viewpoint on a governing body.) 

This questionnaire imposes upon a student councilmember an AS Council-
defined responsibility to perform his other duties and represent the diverse 

vie~ints of his or her constituents. 

Mare Boroditsky. Board of Evaluations dirtetor. 

"A Board of Evaklations and well-defined AS Council positiQns can only help 
the AS. This way the actions of AS councilmembers will not happen out of 
ignorance.' If all the AS councilmembers complete the questionnaire 
thoroughly, new members will be able to acclimate to their positions and 
function with more efficiency. 

The programs and actions of this year's AS Council ha\<e been questioned by 
many campus organizations. "If people have a grievance with the AS Council or 
one of its members, they will be able to approech the Board of Evaluations to 
either challenge the member's actions or responsibilities," said BorodtlSky, 

In his "Statement of the President's Address," Craig lee said, "The current 
ASUCSD Constitution is obsolete. It was written in 1977 when UCSD was half 
Its current size. Funhennore, it doesn't take into consideration the new 
programs and policies developed at UCSD. What our students need is a new 
constitution." Boroditsky commented, "We hope to reevaluate the Constitution 
with the Board of Evaluations as a controlling mechanism: 

Boroditsky feels the Board of Evaluations will establish a motivating factor 
imo the AS Forum. This motivation will come from an autonomous 
organization. The general student body mayor may not agree on the! need to 
establish another government branch. If a student or organization feels the AS 
Council needs a guard dog, perhaps first they sould think to be more 
responsible when casting their votes for councilmembers. The first evaluations 
should come at election time. _ Christopher Canok 

there are approimately 6000 items, from 
the frosting on cakes to contents of 
salads to be studied for calories, 
carbohydrates and fats. No qualitative 
survey will be conducted. 
1977 ... 

II loc.ll bicyclc shop owncrs- havc 
thl'ir ",.1),. the UCSD Blkc Shop will be 
closed uown Clllllpictel),. LOl:.1I hike 
shop ,lwners .lrC outr,lgl'd by the 
competltlvc pril:c~ 01 the Bike )hllP 
&lh Bmwn III the LI Joll.1 Schwinn 
Cycler), S.I)·S . .. It is ,Idding Insult to 
injury to h.1\·c student disl:(lltnts llpen tll 
the gcner.tl public" 
1980 ... 

Angela Davis returns for a few hours 
today to the universiry she once tried to 
mdicillize and the college she helped 
found more thiln a decade ago. Davis 
saw UCSD for the first time in the fall of 
1967 as d PhD candidate under Herben 
Marcuse She spent two years here , 
founding the BI.\Ck St~dent Umon .md 

helping to found "Lumumba-Zapata 
College," not ·Third." 
1981... 

Betty Ford, former flrst lady and 
reco\<ertd alcoholic, described her 
struggle with alcoholism and drug 
addiction to a full house at Mandeville 
AuditOrium Saturday. Mrs. Ford said. 
"Alcohol and pills don't make things 
stop huning, they just make things 
fuzzier. " 
1983 ... 

UC officials have established the 
Institute on Global Connict and 
Cooperation to explore new and 
existing ways to control the 
development, use and proliferation of 
nuclear weapons. The mission of IGCC 
is to enhance the capability of UC to 
contribute international securiry and 
cooperation by stressing the kinds of 
activities which can best be carried out 
by J University. 

- Christophtr Canole 

Dan Rodngucz. arrtetor of alumni affairs. 

)anlUllJ 17. J!lIf 3 
NEWS 

'Comm Dept. 
boycotts Bookstore 
By MI~HAEL PARTOS 

The textbooks for all Communications 
Depanment classes this quarter are 
being sold at Groundworks Books 
instead of the Regents' bookstore due to 
lower prices and faster delivery. 

According to Communications 
Department Spokesman Jil Smith, 
Depanment faculry prefer to use 
student-run Groundworks because the 
BookstOre requires faculty to request 
books almost a full two quarters before 
they are delivered , while Groundworks 

only needs about eight to ten weeks 
notice. The long period of advance 
notice puts a strain on both class 
preparation and flexibility. Also the 
Bookstore charges· about 6% more for all 
books, because Groundworks charges 
the marked price only and not sales ~ax. 

Rodriguez heads alumni group 

While the loss of the 
Communications Department bUSiness 
probably will not break the Bookstore, it 
will be felt. With over 625 students 
enrolled in the major and 80 courses 
offered, the Communications 
Depanment uses hundreds of books. 

Smith claims that the Department 
requested more than once that the 
bookstore post a sign notifying slUdents 
that Communications books could only 
be found at Groundwork Books. "The 
Bookstore hasn't put up a Sign, and 
students are coming in here saying they 
can't find books for their classes." 

By ETHAN FEERST 
Although formalized in 1972, the 

Alumni and Friends of UCSD is still in 
its infancy. "Any organization really 
needs at least 25 years to be 
established," says Dan Rodriguez, newly 
appointed director of alumni affairs at 
UCSD. Rodriguez, fonnerly assistant 
executive dirtctor of Sigma Nu 
Fraterniry, IS only the second fun-time 
director the program has had. 

"The main thing we're trying to do," 
says Rodriguez," is establish continuity. 
In the past its been difficult, since we've 
had pdrt-time directors until 1981. Now 
the administration IS fully supportive of 
the alumm erfort. We've gotten enough 
alumni now to warrant a fuD alumni 
program." 

UCSD's alumni is among the youngest 
of UC colleges in many respects. There 

are no fees to join the afumnl: someone 
becomes an alumnist upon graduation . 
As the alumni association is a relatively 
new one, the majoriry of ItS 22,000 
members are in their late 20s. 

"On the one hand , they're very 
enthusiastic and supponive of UCSD. 
On the other hand, they're just gening 
into their careers. Being an alumni 
board member can take a lot of time, 
and sometimes the enthusiasm of board 
members has to come second to their 
careers." Rodriguez cited the example of 
a board member who had to drop from 
his three-yedr appointment earlier this 
year because of a job transfer to Korea. 

The current annual budget for the 
alumni association is Sl40,OOO. These 
funds are acquired through a 

. combinanon of UC system funding, 

Janual}' 18, Wednesday, 8:00 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 

G.A. $10,00, UCSD St. $6.00 
UCSD Fac/Staff, other St. & Sr. $8.00 

-- UCSD Box Office & Tieketton: 452-4559_ .. 

grants from the Chancellor and the 
UCSD Foundation, and funds the 
association solicits through telephone 
and mail. Last year the association was 
able to take in just over $40,000. 

"Fund raising is just one of our 
priOrities: says Rodriguez. "We feel thal 
it is also important to develop programs 
that are beneficial to students as well as 
alumni. 

Rodriguez is planning to hold events 
such as dinners and an alumnnl-
planned TG to "establish a dialogue 
between students and alumni and to 
explore areas where we can do things 
that will be beneficial to both : Late last 
year 13 UCSD students were [he 
recipients of over $15,000 in grants and 
scholarships from the Alumni 
Association . 

The Bookstore in turn claims that 
they received "no word. whatsoever" 
from the Communications Department 
concerning winter quarter books. 

According to a Groundworks 
spokesperson , their bookstore is "not in 
any way in competition with the 
Regents' bookstore." Groundworks can 
offer books for less because of its low 
overhead, volunteer help, and smaller 
volume of business. 

"Groundworks is a group of 
community members and s tudents 
opposed to any form of exploitation, 
e.g., racism , seXism, agelsm ,and 
imperialism, and who are working 
toward a society in which people have 
control over their own lives. 

N..,C-nfe 
WheN 

In Quonset 324 Warren (on Russell Drive, 
east of the Warren Provost office). 

WIlaa 
The first working day of each week, 

betvueen 11:30 am and 3:00 pm. 

Itncty 
The foDowing day in the Bookstore, 

at the Information window. 

..... 
White winter quarter registration receipt 

card _mped by the Cashier. 

Lost or StoJaa ,Card. 
can extension 6840 

before you pay for a replacement. 

Carmal Qq.".,. v.1lclettoa Sticken 
To obtain your current-quarter validation 
sticker, you must first have the Cashier's 

office stamp your white registration 
receipt card. 

,J.mMay 3 • 13 
8:30 am - 4:00 pm, vicinity of the Cashier's Office. 

la_ay 16· IllltlllartIaer DOIIca 
11:30 am - 3:30 pm on the first working day of 

the week at Quonset 324, Warren campus. 



4 January 17, 198 .. 
OPI!'iION . 

• '-" :r; .~. ~.~,~ ,- '-,' ~... ". • • ". ',' ,.. '. -..:,;. ",_ y~,-} ~ f" ••• ",. ... .-...' 

Editorial 

Sexual harassment 
An issue of power 

Currendy the Faculty Senate is examining UCSO's 
policy on sexual harassment in order to define what 
constitutes harassment and what measures should be 
taken to prevent and resolve such siruations. 

A basic problem in. interpreting harassment lies in 
the different attitudes that men and women take on 
the subject. Men tend to see it as an issue of 
sexuality while women, who are the targets of 
harassment 98% of the time, see it as an issue of 
power. 

All studies agree that sexual harassment stems from 
an improper use of authoriry. It is a relationship 
based upon an inequality of power, where the person 
with authOrity attempts to explOit and coerce an 
unwilling person with less power into an 
uncomfonable relationship. 

No one will deny that the professor-student (or 
TA-student) relationship is by narure one of unequal 
power. As a result, when harassment occurs in this 
setting, the student is not likely to take action against 
the harasser because of intimidation and fear of 
reprisal. 

The establishment of a well-defined policy on 
sexual harassment that prOvides the victim with 
recourse will be a major step towards eliminating 
harassment at UCSO. To their credit, the Faculty 
Senate is proposing a policy that would protect the 
individual filing a complaint from reprisal (in the 
form of an unfair grade, etc.) by his or her harasser. 

Calumnist 

According to the current guidelines, a socio-sexual 
relationship between a student and a faculty member 
or TA violates the harassment policy if the student is 
also enroUed in that professor's (or TA's) class or if 
the student "is in a continuing position to require 
evaluation of work or letter of recommendation from 
the faculty member." 

In order to preserve the elements of fairness and 
objectivity in all teaching situations, the same 
guidelines must be approved as pan of the new 
policy for the protection of all the students. 

As the UCSO inte.rim policy on sexual harassment 
states, 'The basic reasons for which a university 
exists are the discovery and transmission of 
knowledge, activities which are founded upon the 
free and open exchange of ideas." Sexual harassment, 
whether it be oven advances or innuendos, interferes 
with the academic climate and productivity of the 
university by creating an offensive and disturbing 
atmosphere for both students and faculty. 

For these reasons, an effective policy is needed to 
control those faculty members who use their power 
unjustly and indiscriminately. The interim policy 
accurately states that the "primary responsibility for 
maintaining high standards of conduct resides 
especially with faculty and supervisors since they 
exercise a significant authority and power over 
others." 

UC students must live up 
to Govern'or's expectations 
By JAMES RALPH P APP 

In the past I have often been 
severe with Governor 
Deukmejian , (at least after I 
learned [0 spell his name), and I 
shall no doubt be severe with 
him in the future but, at the 
moment it is difficult to think 
unkIndly of a man who 
apparently values one above all 
the students in California. 

In his new budget, 
Deukmejian has left public 
schools at basically the same 
level of funding, put the 
community colleges into a 
deeper financial hole , raised the 
State University system's funding 
by 20% and raised the 
University of California's funding 
30%. The budget is undoubtedly 
unfair. but fairness in one's.own 
favor has a different perspective 
to it. 

What the new budget me,ms 
is that the governor considers 
the University of Cahfornia and 
its students to be worth an extra 
investment. That deCision may 
result partly from the knowledge 
that rich , high-tech firms like to 
be near rich, high-tech 
universities. But we hope there is 
some feeling in Sacramento that 

UC students, whether they study 
high technology, low technology 
or none at all , are worth the 
investment to the state. The only 
people who can prove the 
valIdity of that opinion are the 
UC students themselves. In the 
days of exclUSively private 
education, the student body was 
separated into twO pans: those 
who were ttying to payoff their 
parents' or great aunt's 
investment and those who 
conSidered an education their 
due. But rhe State of California is 
nOt as Indulgent as p.lrems or 
great aunts. Everyone in school 
is being supported by the state, 
and unless each of us make an 
effort to prove to the Silent 
partners, the taxpayers, that they 
are getting their money's worth 
from us, the Increased funding 
will be removed. 

The importance of the UC 
system as the lead Ing educ,nional 
institution of the sote has been 
unquestioned for over a hundred 
years, but our recent governors 
have been taking the system 
more for granted . Perhaps It IS 
because the University is no 
I.onger such J novelt y ,lS it W,lS 

while being founded and during 
its rapid . early growth . It may be 
because we have not had a 
native CalIfornian for a governor 
growing up here knowing the 
Importance of a UC education 
(With the exception of Jerry 
Brown , who studied at Berkeley). 

Perhaps our leaders hdve 
taken the agricultural and 
Industrial prosperity of California 
as a given. without realiZing that 
the University was responsible 
for it to a significant extent. 

Deukmejian recently got a 
shock when a major business 
located elsewhere because of the 
state government's lack of 
interest in the University and 
p,1r(iculariy In UCSD. In the 
future when this shock is 
forgotten , another one may be 
needeJ . but the income lost by 
the state government's neglect in 
the meantime might CJuse 
Irrepamble d"mage. 

R,uher than having wayw.lrd 
bUSinesses remind the 
government of its suke in public 
edu ,\lion . the role should belong 
to the public.llIy edu('ated . The 
goal of a student in both 
curricul.lr Jnd extrJ(urricul,lr 

activities should be his own 
success, but he should also 
consider his work in other than 

. purely selfish terms. 
Individual achievements 

should also be seen as an 
eventual contribu~ion to the state 
and through that a supponing 
argument for the funding of the 
University of California system. 
The govemor is not a charitable 
institution. If he gives more , he 
is going to expect more , and we 
will have to make a concerted 
effon to meet dnd exceed hiS 
expectations. 

The Guardian wishes to clarify 
an error printed on last week's 
cover. The commentaty "Life 
with Se,m was never bOring ... " 
was unrelated to our cover 
story about suicide . As the 
commentary stated, Sean 
Remen was killed in an Juto 
accident last December. llis 
death WJ~ not a suicide. We 
give our sincere JPologies to 
Sean's family and friend s. We 
regret ,my confUSion caused 
by our error. 

.. 

.. 

I 
I 

Edilor 
Tim August 

Managing Editor 
Phil l.luder 

Opinion Editor 
Grace Nielsen 
News Editor 
Lisa Lapin 

Contributil1l News Editors 
Christopher Canole 
Steven R. Friedman 

fearures Editor 
James Ralph Papp 

Arts Editor 
Andrew Keeler 

Associate Arts Editor 
John Nee 

Spons Editor 
Jeff S.lVage 

Photo Editor 
Rich Pecpk 

General Manager 
Chris Milke 

Associate General Managers 
LindJ Lewis 

Valerie McMullin 
Photographers 

Richard C.ucrina 
Rob Friedenthal 
Mark Johnson 
DJvid Newell 
IU ustrators 

John Ashlee 
G.lrnell Fitz-Henle)1 

Typesetters 
Joe Desiderio 
Anggie l.lpid 
phil l.luder 

Andy LJurence 
ChriS Ostetwalder 

Production 
Halla Abrams 

Susan Emmerson 
LlsaJones 

Vesna Kulasinovic 
Kelley Neal 

StaI Wriflers 
l.lnce Bernard, Ethan Feerst 
Sergio Klier, Michael Paltos, 

Dena Rosen, Phil WiDon, DaVid 
Wolf. 

The UCSD Guardian is 
published Mondays and 
ThursdJYS during the academic 
year by students at UCSD. Views 
expressed in the Gu.lrdi.ln do 
not represent the views of the 
Regents of the U niversiry of . 
CaliiornIa or the Associated 
Students 01 UCSD. All un-
initiJlled editorials represent the 
views of the entire editori.ll 
board 01 the Gu,udian; initialled 
edItorIals represent minority 
opinions of the editoriai board. 
Reproduction. publication, or any 
use without pennission of any 
portilm of this newsPJper 
withllut prillr notilk,uion is 
strktly prohibited. 

The Gu,lrdi,m welcomes 
signed letlers .lnd (Omment,lry .IS 
outlIned in the Opinion seL1ion. 
however we .Ire nOt responsible 
for unsoliCited manuscripts or 
,\rt. 

Our olliee IS 11!l:.llCd SOUlht"lst 
01 the Rcvclle Provost Officc 
ncxldoor tll thc Chc Clfc on thl' 
UCSD C,UllpUS. The Business 
Ollke is llpen I mm 1,),111\ to noon 
,lilt! I pl11 10 Spm Mond.l)' 
thn1ugh Frid,I)'. 

SlIhs(riplIOns ,Ire ,11',1I1,lble and 
will be 1I1,IIIcd IIrst d.15S lor $15 
per qu.Int:r. 

The UCSD Guardian 
UCSD,8·016 

La Jolla, c...ifomia 92093 
(619) "52-3+66 

. 

-------------------- -- .-.-..~ ... 

. 

Commenta~ 

Campus evangelism: 
Hard sellon Revelle 
By CHRISTOPHER CANOLE cSt TED BURKE 

While leaving campus to recharge 
myself with a cup of black speed at the 
Panni kin , my eye was drawn ro a large 
gathering in ReveUe Plaza. My feet have 
leamed that where my eyes go, so do 
they, but just as I reached the outer 
edge of the crowd my feet quickly 
turned back upon my original course as 
I heard from the cemer of the crowd a 
voice beckoning ro aD. "You [0000 can 
be saved ." 

Upon arriving al the Pannikin I 
sought out a friend I think of as the 
Will Rogers of La Jolla. Ted Burke, a 
fonner UCSD student, has a wit and 
wisdom that cuts to the hean of a 
subject. I asked him what he thought 
about the rise of evangelism on campus. 
He shared Ius opinions over a cup of 
coffee. 

"Once I was cornered on campus by 
some street Christians who urged me to 
see the light or else 'bum in heU: I . 
expended some effon to explain my 
pragmatic outlook, dropping names like 
Ayn Rand, Marx, faurback, Nietzche, 
and others whose philosophies I vaguely 
recalled. This was to no avail, however; 
the street Christians jUst shook their 
heads and repeated 'burn in heU' like a 
manrra or voodoo chant. I became a 
creature suffering from chronic lack of 
imagination. The two Christians just 
knocked on Satan's door. 

"Admittedly, I have an experiential 

prejudice against Jesus freaks , and that 
dislike extends funher into the entire 
religiOUS smorgasbord. I have a dislike 
of sciemologists, Buddhists. Hasidic 
Jews, est fiends , and aD others who walk 
around vacant-eyed and vacant-brained . 
There are many who have wasted 
themselves in one fashion or another, 
who have squandered whatever talent, 
intelligence or creativity they have on 
the various overload contingents 
available and who in some desperate 
leap of faith have embraced something 
to give their life Meaning. I have no 
argument with the functional good these 
aberrations can have: Bener to have 
someone muttering mantras or reading 
the Rosary than shooting heroin and 
stealing ·television sets. 

"But the annoyance I feel comes not 
from what they believe in, bur in their 
act of belief. It seems that once someone 
latches onto a belief that outlines an 
absolute design of the universe , and 
which makes even the most banal 
occurrences an integral pan of a thinly 
defined cosmology, then the adherents 

. must spread the word and sucker in as 
many guDible jerks -as possible. Their 
religion becomes their lifeboat, and 
those unwiDing to climb aboard are 
doomed to drown , or bum, whatever 
comes first. 

"Bul then I suppose America asked 
for it. There is a generation of sixties 

Now's the time to think about 
your c,>11ege ring Not just any 

ring-a t4K Golt1 College Ring 
Irom Ar!Carved The karat gold jewelry thaI's designed and hand· 

crafted lor lasting value 
And now an ArtCarved 14K Gold 

College Ring IS more aHordable than you 
think Choose Irom an entire collectIon 01 
14K Gold ArtCar\led College Rings and 
save 525. This oller IS lor a limited time 
only. so come In and see all the great 
ArtCarved styles with the custom options 
that can let you have the ring 01 your 
chOice. the way you want II 

DATE Jan. 11-20 
TIME 9~:OO 

PLACE IookItore 

oe- '983 ArlCarved Cia .. Rongo Inc 

So graduate 111 style Graduate to goldl 

Deposll Rcqulfed ~ 
M .. lerCard Of \lIsa Accepled 

1Ibhng_ feels lie reel gok1 

Brothtr Jed exhorts the crowd to the amusement of onlookers. 

lefrovers who couldn't assimilate into the 
seventies and who now praise the Lord , 
millions of affiuent kids who have never 
had to work and who, bored with life, 
swaDow the rhetoric hook, line, and 
sinker, and hundreds of thousands of 
distraught intellectuals who have never 
been able to make use of the books they 
have read and use religion as a sedative 
to calm their frazzled ends. 

·We have a vinual anny of 
washouts who wam [0 spread their 
sacred happiness pill into aU quaners, 
not resting until everyone has been 
zombied imo submission. I really 
think these guys want 10 conquer the 
world. 

"For my palt, I prefer to make like T. 
S. Eliot and treat the process of my 
salvation as my own business. IdeaUy, 
we should have a culture where 
everyone has access to the same 

. resources, economic, intellectual, and 

spiritual, and our society should be 
benign enough [0 encompass divergent 
lifestyles that people choose after 
inteDigently assessing the available 
information. 

·Such isn't the case, however. That 
kind of growth requires lime, and to a 
culture predisposed to believe that a 
crisis can be resolved with the speed of 
the average sitcom, it's not surprising to 
see millions opting instead for countless 
instant relief spiritual fonnulas. At the 
turn of the century, citizens used [0 
flock to medicine shows where a 
huckster would seD, with success, a 
pOlion that cured everything from 
canker sores to cancer. The medicine 
show is gone, but the snake oil remains . 
Only the bottle is different. Some people 
swallow anything: 

And with that we toasted our final sip 
of conversational brew on the issue of 
evangelism. 

r-------- --------------
.' • 
• 
• 
• 
• 
· .. 
• long hair exira 
• 

_C:C\S\'?~ Y~I!It.\.Cv 
~ womea$15 

IDea $12 
Includes shampoo, condition 

cui, & blow dry. 
Long hair extra . . 

: 10% off 10% off 
• with tlYs coupon with this couoon 

!"'". -~LI;;IM~' .;;--lpiHRErnC~IiC:iSuIO=iiN~HAlRCUTS • 
: IIIINIIIIII for men & women : 
• CD111ifG 737 Pearl, La Jolla : 
• CIIIIPIIT 456-1170,456-181,$,' 
I With this coupon only. Offer exoires 1-31-84. ., ~---------------------------------. 

SCARPIAS' Restaurant-. 
. welcomes you with a back to school special 

.. UCSD Happy Hour 3 - 7 pm every day'-
Draft Beer - 75¢ 
48 oz. pitcher - $2.90 
64 oz. pitcher - $4.00 

Well Drinks - $1.00 
Mixed Well - $1.25 

Margarita - $1.50 
L--------Jree hors d'oeuvres-------.....J 

plus 
Special lor UCSD ' 

Gyros sandwich $2.50 or Gyros Plate $3.50 
Present this ad or your UCSD I. D. for these special prices thlll 1-31. 

Also fearuring daily luncheon specials - $3.95 
and dinner specials - $5.95. 

(west side of the La Jolla Village Mall) 
8657 Villa La Jolla Dr., Suite 213, La Jolla "55-105" 



Heart disease risk 
may be reduceable 
By PHIL WILLON 

The first experimental evidence that 
the lowering of blood cholesterol will 
reduce coronal)' heart disease was 
disclosed by medical researchers last 
Thursday evening in a meeting held at 
the UCSD Lipid Resedrch Clinic . The 
dnnouncement comes after a ten-year, 
nationwide study that investigated the 
correlation between the two. 

' Our study absolutely and conclusively 
shows that lowering cholesterol will 
lower the risk," said Dr. joe Witztum, 
UCSD researcher. "It reaDy r.presents a 
landmark study in American medicine." 
Coronary heart disease is America's 
leading kiUer, claiming over half a 
million lives per year. 

UCSD was one of the twelve centers 
in the United States and Canada that 
participated in the study, which came to 
a total cost of $1 SO million and tested 
more than 3 ,800 men (320 in San 

Diego). 
In order to be eligible [or the study, 

.III the participants had to meet specific 
criteria. They aU were middle-aged men, 
had no previous heart disease , and their 
cholesterol levels were high enough to 
put them at high risk for a heart attack. 
Women were not tested because they 
are at .I lower risk than men. Of the 
400.000 men who applied, only 3806 
were deemed adequate . 

The men were randomly split into 
two groups. The experimental group 
received a known cholesterol-lowering 
drug, cholestyramine ; the control group 
received a placebo. The study was 
double blinded , so neirher the 
participant receiving the drug nor the 
staff member administering it were 
aware of which drug the participant was 
receiving. 

Both groups were PUt on a strict , low-

11lIrcI World Stuelles· 
WIater 1984 Course. 

The following courses will satisfy requirements for MJ\JORS and 
.----MINORS in the Third World Studies Program: -----, 

Uterature/EngUsh 183: Themes in Afro-American Uterature 
Uterature/EngUsh 152: Uterature & Politics in 20th Cent. China 
Uterature/Spanlsh 142: Spanish-American Short Story 
UteraturelSparilsh 171: Uterature and Film 
Uterature/Spanlsh 173: Spanish-American Uterary History 
Uterature/Spanlsh 190: Seminar: Garcia-Marquez 
History 144: Mexico in the 16th Cent: Conquest & Compromise 
History 1468: A History of Mexico 
History 14M Latin American Colonial City 1500-1810 
History 15SQ: CoUoquium in Mexican-American History 
History 174: Film and History: The Chicano Experience 
History 183: History of Modem Chinese Revolution: 1911-1949 
History 189Q:' Uterature & Society: Republican China 
Sodoloey 146: Sociological Stratification 
USP 105: Urban Studies in Inti. Perspective: US-Mexican Border 
COMMHIP 122A: Communications and The Community 
COMMSF 1018: Television Docu . .:..:m~e::..:..n:..:..:ta::..:..lry~ ______ _ 
All students interested in developing a lHIRD WORlD SlUDIES major 
or minor please can 452-3276 or come by TCHB 121 in Third College. 

Dr. Fred Matton. 

cholesterof diet, but it was the drug that 
was the primaty variable being tested. 
The men stayed on their diets and took 
their drugs for a minimum of seven 
years, and their progress was monitored 
throughout. 

It was found that those men who had 
been taking the cholestyramine had a 

. 19% lower risk of suffering a heart 

attack than those who did not receive 
the drug. For evety one percent 
cholesterol the drug reduced, the risk of 
coronal)' heart disease dropped two 
percent. They also had 25% fewer 
abnormal electrocardiograms taken 
during treadmill tests, 20% fewer chest 
pains, and 21 % fewer coronaty bypass 
operations. p/~'I\l' tum to fXItl 8 

FLOATATION TAN~S 
• Stude.t Special. 
2/or I oilly _ 
(Same person) 
10 sessions only $70 
(two people) 

John-David LEARNING INSTITUTE----
-. ..... '" ~i§:t.-------- 270-4900 Pacific Beach z. Pnvate Rooms • Shower •• Hygenic Conditions lOam-8pm M·F; lOam-5pm Sat Vim • MosIen;harge • Checks 

Next to BijlX.r Market&' 1hr Pa.tOftia: in UnivenityCity, ComerofGovemor Dr. &'ReeentiRd I , 
FLAVORS: ONE FREE TOPPING III 

Chocolat", Rasplx:rry 
Boys",nlx:rry Pralin"'N'Cr,,am II 
Chocolar" Minr Vanilla j UTe 1 
u,mon Srrawlx:rryche<.'S<!Cako: I.e IgIlp 1 
Srrawb.!rry Mocha r II 
Pumpkin P"anut Butt"r 
Coconur Blu"lx:rrycht!rS"cako: = 
Call us for daily flavors : 457 -2339 ~:,::,. Gowmor Dr. I 

THIS COUPON GOOD FOR ONE FREE SMALL TOPPING • 
1 WITH THE PURCHASE OF ANY YOGURT I 
1 Eapira lIlZ/lU Only 2~ Milt'S Away! One CouPOI\ per Cuatomer • 
: Open Mon-Thurs 10:30 am - 9:30 pm; Fri-Sat 10:30 am - 10:00 pm; : 
L Sun 11:00 am - 9:00 pm. II ---------------------------------~ 

Sexual harassment in the 
classroom is no dirty joke at UCSD 
By CHRISTOPHER CANOLE 

"Negotiating with the Soviets," said the professor, is 
like !tying to pick-up a rat woman on a Saturday night. 
~aybe our relationship with the Soviets would begin to 
improve if they were as attractive and easy to deal with 
as the cute co-eds In this class." Would you consider 
this classroom comment sexual harassment? 

Had the professor said, "Negotiating with the Soviets 
is like tl)'ing to squeeze money OUt of a jew or reason 
with a nigger," would you consider his comment a 
form of racial harassment? If you were jewish or black 
would you feel comfortable going to the office of a 
professor who continuaDy used racially stereotyping 
jokes, references or examples in class? 

The definition, frequency, severity and repercussions 
of academic sexual harassment were the focus of 
surveys conducted among 6,000 students and faculty, 
at Harvard University and UC Davis, in 1982. Dr. Lisa 
Hirshmann, sexual harassment complaint counselor at 
Psychological Services, said , 'These surveys represent 
the same situation and attitudes we have here at 
UCSD. 

"The Harvard survey indicates sexual harassment is 
seen by both students and faculty as a form of 
discrimination, denying equal educational opponunity 
to one grouf ' It happens disproportionately to women 
by a ratio 0 IS-I. Perhaps this is why men relate to it 
only in terms of sex. Women, as the victims, recognize 
its most distinguishing feature, the abuse of power by a 
professor or TA. Unwanted verbal or physical ~nention 
Isolates the female student from a complete education 
and creates the fear of reprisals." 

Dr. Hirshmann raised another problem. "Say a 
professor or TA and a student are dating, and they are 
happy about it The other students in the class who 
are not receiving preferential treatment are the ones 
being sexuaUy harassed ." SexuaUy stereotyping jokes or 
references can be used by a professor to '·feel-out" the 
potential permissive atmosphere of students in a class. 
More overt sexual harassment is easier to pursue if the 
professor feels the class will not take offense to one of 
them becoming his ph~ical or verbal pet. UC policy 
states these activities, CIn.iIule enrirify inapproprite 
behavior which holds enormous potential for impairing 
a faculty member's effectiveness as a teacher with other 
students." 

The men and women at Harvard conSistently (above 
95%) defined sexual harassment as touching, pressure 
for a date , unwanted calls or letters and pressure for 
sexual activity. They differed on defining stereotyping 
jokes (m-30%, w-50%), teasing of a sexual nature (m-
55%. w-70%) and unwanted, sexuaDy suggestive looks 
or gestures (m-75%. w-88%) as sexual harassment. 
Sexually stereotyping jokes or references are quite 
common in most universities. This creates an 
atmosphere more hostile to women . Women cite verbal 
references (59%) and gestures (56%) ahnost as hIgh as 
touching (60%) and pressure for sexual favors (75%) 
in causing academic interference. 

As an undergraduate woman progresses in her 
college career the frequency of some harassment or 

SCHOLARSHIPS 
to 

very serious incidents initiated by a faculty member or 
TA increases. Sixteen percent of first-year women 
reponed having received some harassment, 
sophomores 33%, juniors 42% and seniors 48%. 
Serious incident frequencies for first.year women were 
4%, sophomores 13%, juniors 16% and seniors 20%. 

Teaching assistants, tutors, residence haD tutors and 
proctors are the most common initiators of sexual 
harassment towards undergraduate women (58%), 
more than twice the frequency of faculty members 
(28%). Yet the faculty members are responsible for 
77% of the harassment towards graduate female 
students. 

The purpose of the survey was to study faculty and 
TA use of their authOrity to gain sexual favors. The 
surveyers decided to also investigate sexual harassment 
by one's peers. The frequency of incidents among 
tenured faculty was 37%, non-tenured faculty 30%, 
graduate women 41 % and undergraduate women 73%. 
The majority of harassment undergraduate women are 
subjected to falls in the more serious non-verbal 
categories. 

"The victims of sexual harassment are of two 
different kinds," said Dr. Hirshmann. "One kind has 
been victimized by an authOrity figure before in Oer 
life and is not assertive. A harassment incident here at 
UCSD usuaUy amplifies her repression of response. 
The other type of victim will assen herself, realize the 

Dr. Lisa Hirshman. 

fault lies with the harasser and the abuse can be 
stopped." The survey indicates the most usual response 
of the victim is to internalize the problem. Those who 
are assenive ignore the attention (72%), avoid the 
.person (.53%) or confront the pe\'son (14%). The dara 
show ahnost a complete absence of tormal complaints. 

The reasons for undergraduate women not making 
formal complaints are: did not want to report it (43%), 
did not know if it was classified as harassment (47%), 
afraid university would be unreceptive (31 %), thought 
it would make things worse (33%), afraid it would be 
held agamst her (21 %), embarrassed (21 %) and tOO 
much effort (19%). 

"If the formal method was all that existed , most 
people would not come to Psychological Services," Dr. 
Hirshmann explained . "As it stands now we have 
Assistant Chancellor Joyce justice [0 hear the formal 
complaints. I am involved in the informal process. The 
reason to have me here is I am an expert in the field 
and I can give both moral suppOrt and try to resolve it 
informally. 

"I am tl)'ing to develop a way to talk to people on 
these issues. Next year we will conduct a TA awareness 
program on the sexual harassment preblem during the 
Universiry's TA training class. 

"We are also dealing with the issue of fear of 
reprisal. This is why we are confidential. The victim 
must realize reprisal is already happening in the very 
act of the sexual harassment. We are here to undo this 
situation . 

"We need women who have been harassed to be 
courageous. As cases like those at Harvard become 
more publicized we wiD have more good role models 
for women. Over the next five to ten years we wiD then 
see a real change amongst decent people, like the 
change In anirudes towards rape." 

The amount of sexual harassment would be reduced , 
according to the surveys, if the targets of harassment 
had channels of complaint available to them and they 
felt free to use . Yet the problem is not thaI easily 
solved ~ fc:JnMl compllint alone .• 

The Harvard survey concludes, "One of the most 
striking of our findings is the differential awareness of 
sexual harassment is not extensive and that mature 
people can handle it on their own. The difference in 
viewpoint is vety clear. Males frequently speak of the 
issue as exaggerated or overblown; women do not. 
Some men comment on the inevitable sexual attraction 
that emerges in close worki~g situations; women do 
nut share these views. Women are more likely to 
conSider sexual harassment an expression of power. 
. "The differential awareness may be caused and/ or 

reinforced by grossly different exposure 10 sexual 
harassment by men and women . 

"The targets and potential targets of sexual 
harassment are largely women; the initiator or potential 
initiators are largely men. If sexual harassment is to be 
reduced by awareness of the problem, we must face 
the fact that the group whose awareness is most crucial 
is much less aWare. The problem is not self-correcting: 

MEDICAL / OSTEOPATHIC 

Don't Pay 
Too Much For 
Sunglassesl 

SCHOOL 
u.s. Citizen, GPA 3.5 

Between 19 and 35 Years Old 
Full Tuition, Books and Authorized Fees 

Plus $579.00 Per Month 

For details call 
NAVY MEDICAL PROGRAMS 

(619) 293-6746 
Navy Officers Get Responsibility Fast. 

We've got the biggest 
and best sung lass selection 

at the LOWEST PRICES 
from $2.99 to $199.99 

Vuamet, Ray Ban, Bolle, Bucci. 
Carrera, Ferarri, Suncloud, etc, 

r------------------------, I Coupon Special With This Ad I I Wayfarer Look-A-Likes S2.99 as pictured, I 
l ______ ~!~~~~~ ______ J 

expressIons Unlimited 
1030G Torrey Pines Rd., La Jollo 
(next to Yogurt Affair) 454-1006 
Open 7 days 

Pacific Eyes , T's 
In the Lumberyard in Encinitas 

745 1 st St., 9G.033 7 
Open 7 days 



8 January 17, 198-4 
NEWS 

, . . ~ . ,. '. , , 

The NROTC College Program. 
$2,000 Expense Money And 
A Navy Officer Commission. 

The two· year NROTC College Program offers you two years of expense money that's worth up to 
$2,000 plus the challenge of becoming a Navy office with early responsibilities and decision-making 
authority. 
During your last two years in college the Navy pays for uniforms, NROTC textbooks, and an allowance 
of $100 a month for up to 20 months. Upon graduation and completion of requirements, you become a 
Navy office, with important decision-making responsibilities. 
Call your Navy representative for more information on this challenging program. 

• 

SAN DIEGO NROTC - 293-4811 
Navy Officers Get Responsibility Fast. 

University of California at San Diego 

Tuesday, January 17, 1984 
9:00 am-4:00 pm 
Student Center 
North Conference Room 
BS/MS in EE, CS and Computer Engineering. 
Technical Disciplines with interest in Sales and Systems 
Engineering, 
Students interested in Summer and/or Co-op Assignments. 

Come informally any time during the hours indicated above and 
learn.about. technical career opportunities in IBM from many dif-

f~rent locations throughout the country. Then sign-up on inter-
view schedules (through your placement office) for formal inter-
views which will take place on February 3, 

Bring 3 Personal Data Sheets or Resumes. 

Citizenship or permanent residence required for interviews. 

-~--
.---- . 
- - ---
- -
- -. ---
- - - ---
------~-.-8 

An Equal Opportunity Employer 

Heart 
Disease 
"""IIIU"" JIOIII 1'(/);<' b 

"It 's really exciting," said Dr. Fred 
Matton , director of the UCSD Lipid 
Research Clinic. "These things are going 
to have real implications as far as the 
health of the American public is 
conce med ." 

Kesearchers also noted that both 
groups benefited equally from the low-
cholesterol diet. 

Because some of the patticipants did 
not consume as much of the drug as 
they were supposed to. researchers also 
found that those who took a higher 
daily doses had even a greater reduction 
in the risk of heatt attack, as much as 
50%. 

There were no side effects that could 
be found that were caused by the 
cholestyramine. The group dl.lt had 
been exposed to the drug had 
equivalent blood pressure, weight , and 
other bodily functions 'to the control 
group. 

Medical researchers claim that up to 
100,000 lives could be saYed annually if 
those people al high risk look the right 
Steps in reducing the amount of 
cholesterol in their bloodStreams and 
that one to two million American 
midqle-aged men could experience 
benefits similar to those found in this 
study if they adhered to the same 
program. 

Doctors agree that Americans have 
too much choleSterol In their diets and 
that they should cut down pn animal 
fats and increase the amount of 

poIytnsarurated fats such as those in 
vegetables, for Instance. Dr. Richard 
Gross of the Study said, "The mean level 
of choleSterol in the United States is 
somewhere around 200 milligrams per 
deciliter. Thar's considered a very high 
level compared to such areas as Japan 
where you're talking about levels down 
around 150: 

Alben Graff, who was a patticipam in 
the ten year study, won't know until 
next week whether he was one of those 
who received the cholestyramine, but he 
said that even if he was not he is stili 
proud to have participated in such an 
educational program. 

CORRECTION I 
SHARP Calculators: 

(As appeared In 1/12/84 
Guardian Issue) 

Model EL-506H 
corrected price: $2375 

Model EL-5500 
corrected price: $79'5 

UNIVERSITY 
BOOKSTORE 

COMPUTER CENTER 
Phone:452~1 

Business and 
Te~hnical Majors 
Highly responsible positions -
for college seniors and 
graduates (through age 34) in 
financial and logistic support. 
The Navy Supply Corps needs 
highly qualified, dynamic 
individuals to lead and .. 
manage large inventory and 
financial networks. Salary 
$18,500 to start, $34,000 after 
4 years. Excellent benefits 
package. Need BAIBS, U.S. 
citizenship. Call Naval 
Management Programs, 293-
6746, 8 am - 4 pm. Monday 
through Wednesday. 

Alpha, beta, gamma, delta ... sorority rush 
By MARGOT GERBER 

Eight hours a day of 
high heels. nylon 
Stockings, deSigner 
dresses , good manners , 
polite conversation, 
walking up the stairs 
of colonial style house 
after house , 
memorizing names 
and faces , trying to be 
intereSting and 
charming, being 
scrutinized and asked 
such questions as, 
"What did you say 
your father does for a 
living?" "00 you, uh ... 
always wear your hair 
that way?" "Was your 
mother in a house?" 
Then finally, at the two-weeks end of 
fonmal sorority rush , comes "Welcome to 
our house; we've decided you are our 
kind of girl" or "We're sorry, but we feel 
you'd be happier in another house .. .. " 

So commence the stereotypical trials 
of sorority rush . UCSD, however, does 
things differently, and yes, UCSD does 
have a Greek system, however small and 
new it may be. 

Although the practice is generally 
untraditional among sororities, UCSD's 
chapters often hold informal wimer and 
spring quatter rushes because of our 
high rate of student transfers to colleges 
that better meet their degree needs. 
Without a formalized rush system, each 
sorority is responsible 100% for its own 
advenising. One sorority member 
explains, "Sororities and fraternities 
aren't very popular at UCSD, panly 
because the administration isn't very 
pro-Greeks, and the college catalog 
doesn't even feature us, as is customary 
at other schools." The sororities 

the 
POUR 

of tile l'IlDIA In 
an AGE of CRISIS 

Dr. Herbert SchUler 
Auther and Proressor of ComnIunlcalion. 

University or caUfomla at San Diego 
Tbund.y, J.n...." 19, 1984 

7:30 pm 
Unitarian Cbarcll 
4190 Front SL 

.. (~ ".. O-1nnIIr 1Ioepit.II) 
AD ... SSIOrt rREE 
BURESllJIIUOS 

....,......... 'or SodIIIIIa._M., 
PSI/s. Dkp 5118 ... JoIIIIIIIvd. -137 

.. JoIIII. ca. •• 37 (714) 40-7774 
Co-.lIpoIuor. l7Ie SocIM 1rapoIuIM1I~ 

CUmMititle ., Ute ",., UIIIIIIWI 0IIIa. 

publicize through banners and tables on 
ReveRe plaza and by running around in 
their sweatshirts with the letters on 
them only Physics majors find 
intelligible . They also try to distribute 
flyers in student mailboxes. StiD, one 
active says, "I didn't hear anything about 
rush until my junior year. I'm a Third 
Student, and Third College won't let us 
advenise rush . They say we're a sexiSt 
organization. WarreJl isn't too thrilled 
with us either." Alerting people to their 
existence is actuaDy an atypical problem. 
Berkeley, for example, rushed in the 
neighborhood of 700 girls laSt semeSter. 

UCSD sororities also suffer another 
handicap. They, like the fratemities 
here, have no houses on or near 
campus. The University has always 
refused the Greeks property sites on 
which to build. Rush events are held in 
campus lounges and at the homes of 
alumni. Alpha Omicron Pi's rush agenda 
included a movie at dollar night, an ice-
cream social at the HuStler, an exchange 

•• 

with Delta Sigma Phi , a slide show of 
last quatter's activities, lunch at the pub, 
and a Laura Ashley fashion show put on 
by the sisters. 

Each rushee is asked to fill out a brief 
questionnaire with information such as 
college, major, GPA, high school 
graduated from, and hobbies and 
intereSts. At each function the rushees 
are surrounded by actives -.fho attempt 
to make the girls feel welcome by 
answering questions and by exchanging 
the Stock UCSD greeting: "Hi , my name 
is ( ). What's yours? What 
college are you from? Oh, and what's 
your major? Oh really? What year are 
you in? Do you live on campus?" After 
the preliminaries the sisters extol the 
vinues of their sorority. They cite last 
quatter's activities: the Rose Ball formal, 
Greek week, their philanthropy (alliance 
with a charitable organization), 
exchanges with fratemities, and what 
one does as a pledge. After some more 

• general chit chat about school and 

914 • VW • BMW. AVO I Service 
German Car Specialists 

All work fully guaranteed. Factory- Trained Specialist 
Monday ... ·riday 8 am • 5:30 pm • Saturday 8 am • 5 pm 

(619) 454·7823 18 14630 Mission Bay Drive (619) 454-3705 (1-5 to Balboa Exit) 
(619) 275-1132.. San Diego, CA. 92109 
. * We use and recommend KaiJ.ll® Lubricants to our cust()1fle1S. * UCSDSPECIAL-r----ioi-oFP---:-

4 cyl Tune-Up $45 I On All Other Repairs 
6 cyl Tune-Up $65 I (Except Motor & Transmission Overhaul) 

With This Coupon I Wit~ -rhis Coupon 
(Not valid willi allY oilier CfJN/'OII) I (Nol WII,d 1111111 allY· ollwr CO,./'OII) 

sorority life, the sisters 
move on to another 
group of rushees. They 
muSt meet as many as 
possible to be able to 
patticipate in voting 
girls in . 

As the evening 
wears on, the actives 
open up more and 
describe what the 
sorority has offered 
them personally. Some 
pledged' looking for 
friendship and 
belonging, others 
wanted to be active in 
the campus 
community, and Still 
others found the 

sorority a relief from school. 

All agreed that the sororities of the 
80s were drastically veering away from 
the snobbery, hazing and elitism of 
the 50s. One girl said, Min a lot of ways 
it is a good thing that our houses are 
small. One can become acrive right 
away, and even hold an office. Besides, 
because we're so new at UCSD we can 
kind of make our sororities what we 
want them to be." It was also the 
consensus that UCSD's Greek SYStem 
would never be like UCLA's or 
Berkeley's simply because its roots are in 
the 70s; at seven years, Alpha Omicron 
Pi is the oldest sorority on campus. 

Despite the belief that UCSD is too 
academically oriented a school to ever 
accept Greeks as "a big in thing to do," 
Alpha Omicron Pi's rush had quite a 
sizable turnout of rushees; far more than 
cleven, the number they'd like to pledge 
this quatter. 

NAVY NUCLEAR 
ENGINEERING 

any better offers? $24,000 
to $54,000 after 6 years, 
If you are 19 to 26 years 
of age majOl;ing in math, 

chemistry, physics or 
engineering and would 
like to learn more about 

this opportunity 

CALL 
COLLECT 
(619) 

293-6746 
Call between the hours of 9 
am to 5 pm, Mon. thru Wed. 



Polka dot nights: 
nocturnal reflections 
By JAMES RALPH PAPP 

This title IS, unfonunately, pure 
prevarication, not so much in the sense 
that it evades the truth but that it 
pursues falsehood . The reader might 
find the image of me, under the dome 
of midnight hung with st.us, reclined in 
an attitude of philosophical meditation, 
vel') picturesque Indeed , even more so If 
he has seen my pYJamas. Alas, it IS 
uncomfonablc to Ite In bed With a 
typewriter on one's stomach , and 
beSides, there are no electrlcar outlets 
near my bed. These thoughts were 
copied down with the writer in a purely 
upright position, and in broad daylight. 

or would it be correct to suppose 
from the title that my night attire IS of a 
polka dot panem, at least my wimer 
PYjama SUIt. Had herlock Holmes ever 
erroneously Jumped to such a 
conclusion, it would not be included in 
the public memoirs of Dr. Watson. 0, 
the reference is to a statement reponed 
to me, a statemem by a young person 
considering application to UCSD. viz., 
· Well , you know UCSD: Polka Dot CllY." 

Polka Dot City? One had hoped that 
the statement comaIned some sort of 
mystic content, or if not mystic at least 
mysterious. But alas too. It was merely 
an aesthetic observation on the 
propenSity of the members of this 
institution to prefer that pattern in their 
dress, a propensity whi ch I must 
confess I have never noticed. But let us 
advance to the gist of the article, if gist 

it lOdeI'd possesses. 
It is the privilege of journalis ts, as 

long as editor5 accept their stuff, and 
journals, as long as people bu}' them up, 
to renew the latest year on the arrival of 
the new one. For me the problem is not 
so fraught with difficulties as one might 
suppose . Since I am the editor of thiS 
section and we give The Guar'dian away 
free . Nevenheless, there are obstacles to 
negotiate , One of them is that these 
pages have already contained what I did 
over my summer vacation , and I find it 
difficult to remember anything I did 
before June. a fact which caused some 
awkwardness when I was taking spring 
quaner finals. 

Nevenheless, we can re\~ew last 
quarter and take as much comfon from 
ItS demise as pOSSible , which IS not 
much after all , c~nsldering it is only 
followed by this quaner. Both. to return 
to the pyjama theme. are chara terized 
by disrupted habits of sleep. It is qui te 
true that as a college student one has to 
stay up long hours doing the next day's 
homework , but after turning it in at the 
beginning of the lecture one has a 
sleep-inducing hour or two in which to 
catch up on one's lost sleep. Even for 
habitual insomniacs the previous night's 
activity combined with the professor's 
soothing noises on late Roman an or 
16th centul')' French literature make 
progress lethe-wards (I got that out of 
Eng. lit shonly after my rest had been 

The home of the. 
35¢ hamburger. 

Under 10 minutes away! 

7140 Miramar Rd. 
San Diego 

BIG MAC® PACK 
II'1II .... .-11'" Big Ma Sandwich, Large Fry, Medium-Size Soft Drink ...... _"11 
II Limit one coupon per Just $1.991111 II cusromer, per visit. ' Please II present coupon when (plus tax) 1 II ordering. Not valid with any II 
II other offer. On~y at: II 
II Valid thru ' 7140 M'ra~r Rd. II 

~::~~: __ iiiiiiiiii_=~:~::C-¥tJ 

Ayouiance of discovery during in-class sleeping: security in numbers in the new 
Peterson Hall lecture rooms. 

disturbed by an accidentally dropped 
book) me~table. It is important that 
though one's eyes are closed, a 
thoughtful expression animates the face , 
not so much expressing pensiveness as 
rapid and sceptical mental calculation in 

re the professor's last remark but one. 
Perhaps most imponant is that if one 

is given to awaking with a sudden start , 
one should give the impression that it 
was because of some pithy statemenl of 

ph-me turn hI puge 11 

Intcrcollet·· .. 
Tou,.. ..... 

Competition Includes: 

Table Tennis January 28 
Darts January 24 

IKIcgalMlOft January 23 
Billiards January 25 

January 28-29 Chas 

Top competitors will so to the 
Regional. at uc DavII 

Feb. 17, 1B & 19. 

To enter any or all of the 
tournaments, sign up at the Office 
of Campus Recreation. Fees are $1 
per person per event. For more 
information, call 452-4037 or see 
Laurel at the Rec, Club Office. 

sIgn up at OCR dt 
ARC AthletiC RecreatIonal Center 

~PM1rm:nt 01 Physical EducM,OO x4031 

Nights 
continued fn)11I PU8t' 10 
the professor and not because aI one's 
books suddenly fell off the de~k (an 
unavoidable risk with UCSD furnilure at 
the letting down of mental safeguards). 
This can be achieved through suddenly 
copying down extensive notes in a 
notebook, a difficult feat considerinll the 

notebook is on the floor under a pile of 
other things and the pen has been 
trmporarily mislaid. A particular effect 
can be made with literature professors 
if, while copying down the n()(es, one 
glares at them meaningfully , trying to 
give the impression that one had almost 
got through dreaming the second half of 
Kubla Khan. 

However, the interesting ones far 
outweigh the dull ones, particularly as 
respectable ginh js a preTl=qUlsite of f\.lll 
professorship. (For that matter, a large 
proportion of fun professors have 

. .. . . , 

trouser cuffs that hover two inches 
above their oxfords, leading to the 
prevalent belief that a full professorship 
adds two inches to one's stature.) Last 
quarter I had a professcv who, while 
ma.king an especially interesting point, 
wiwed his ears up and down. No 
doUbt the action was purely 
subconscious, bill the class observed his 
ears aSSiduously, almost to - for him 
- an embarrassing pOint, and at the 
hint of a movement aU pens were 
applied to paper. There were others of 
us who, through reading tOO many 

jalnu1I'Y 17, 1984 II 
PI RSPEC r 1\-'1 S " 

novels set in pre-war Oxford , took a 
leisurely and debonaire approach to 
learning and merely observed his ears as 
an for art's sake. At any event, there was 
not, a closed eye in the house. Any 
assistant professor who can wiggle his 
ears is destined for eminence in the 
academic field . 

_Sunset 
Canuo-------------------------------------------~roiu By ROBERT LEONE 

January 20, Friday, 8 & 10 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 

$2.00 
L--_ UCSD Box Office & Ticketron: 452-4559 __ -' 

The time is a bi t after five in the 
evening. The solttaty figure on the west 
balcony of Urey Hall's seventh floor is 
easily visible from the parking lot. The 
figure is soon joined by a couple , 
snuggling together for Ineffective 
protection against the sea breeze (which 
is fairly modest but stili strong enough 
to give purpose to a wmd-chill factor 
reading) and for other purposes best left 
to the speculations of the anthropology 
faculty. Soon a fourth person, a 
photographer, judging by the Olympus 
OM-2 she holds In her hands, joins the 
group. They are all lookmg to the west. 
where the sun has begun to set. 

However, none can see the sun 
actually setting because of the clouds. 
This doesn't marter to the viewers , 
because the clouds themselves give a 
magnificent, gradually changing display 
of yellows, oranges, reds, violet, and, 
finally, indigo. All of the observers are 
enjoying the display. The photogra pher 
captures five frames , then , as the colors 
darken and the lighting begins to fade, 
puts aside her camera and wathces the 
show without the dubious benefits of a 
50mm lens. The necking couple has 
turned to quiet conversation . The first 
observer slowly drains the milk half-pint 
that he took from his backpack. 

IHIQJS1rILIEIR 
IHrAIPIPY 

IH[(())QJ~ 

2Dd ScOOp 
.2SC 

Happy Houn &om 6:00 to 9:00 p.m. 
Monday - Thursdays 

throuQh Febnwy 17, 1984. • 
Nlederfranks "Natural" Ice Cream. No Artificial Flavors or 
Preservatives. We Also Feature Fresh-Baked Roller Cones, 

rr~® Clrce~m IHIllil~fcll®lr 
Blake BaD 
12:00-1:00 Moaday .1'hanclay; 12:00-4:30 Prtday 



MEETINGSMEETINGS MEETINGSMEETIN·GS 
Society for Advancement of Management 

Our first organizati~nal meeting of Winter Quarter is Thursday.Jan. 19 at 
4 pm in the multi-purpose room. Information on upcoming events will be 
available. Come and give your input on what programming you'd like to see 
as well. We want your opinions. For more info call x4SAM. 

Are you into running or lOKs? 
The AS will be sponsoring the first annual AS Fun Run and we need a 

committee to organize the event If you are interested in being a committee 
member please contact Andrew McWhirter at x4450 or the AS office. 

EMSSA meetings this quarter: 
Tuesdays at 4 pm 

Upstairs student center lounge 

UCSD Soaring Club 
The UCSD Soaring Club offers FAA certified instruction in our strong 

and safe gliders. Come do something different this weekend! FREE 
MOVIES AND SLIDE SHOW TONIGHT in USB 2622 at 7:30 pm. Come and 
see how much fun soaring can be. 

The AS Internship Office Needs You! 
If you are interested in helping students gain a professional-level work 

experience while you acquire business skills and exposure to the job 
market, please attend the Volunteer Staff Orientation on Wednesday.Jan. 
18 at 7 pm in the Student Center above the game room. 

What is Amnesty International? 
Come find out Thursday, jan. 19 at 4:15 pm in the North Conference 

Room. Slide Show and question/ answer period on AI with refreshments. 
Put on by Recycling Coop. 

'Los Vendidos' by Luis Valdez 
Short meeting to be held before. Tuesday, Jan . 17 in the Multipurpose 

Conference Room (located on top of the Student Center's Game Room) at 4 
pm. Sponsored by MECHA 

Attention Outing Club Members 
X-C Skiing workshop and slide show this Tuesday at 6:30 pm in the 

Recreation Conference Room. Also, a day hike in Anza Borego Desert 
Saturday, jan. 21. Come to meeting for information. 

First Midtenn 
These people are 
a) None of the above 
b) Smashing grapes 
c) Compacting recycled computer paper 
d) Going for a hayride 
e) All of the below 

Your exam will be graded at the Recycle Co-op's Monday meeting, 5 pm 
at the Che Cafe. Attend the meeting and earn the easiest A ever given away 
at UCSD. 

KSDT Orientation 
. I h u r ~ l L.l \'. J l l 11 Ll t 1 r\ 1 L)' 

J / 

7 pill 1 n ~ l ) rt h ( ' d Il j 1\ III . 
lilt' In .. , tilt' t'tOIUJ. tilt' \ .. il\ mel 

UCSD Radically Inclined Ski Club 
1983 Winter All-Cal ChampiOns. Welcome back to school, and wann 

weather for a while. The Ski Club officers want to congratulate all the 
members who panicipated in the All-Cal and helped us to win yet another 
trophy. We were on vacation too, so it's going to take us a little while to get 
organized. Watch the AS Bulletin for information or call the Ski Club Office 
at x4037. The Spring Breakaway trip is going to be to Sun Valley, so stan to 
plan now! We'n be getting the newsletter out as soon as we can. We will 
have a table out by the gym on Wednesday. Come talk to the officers about 
this quarter's trips and activities. 

Want to know what law school is really like? 
A mock law school class will be presented by Western State University 

law School Wednesday, jan. 18 at 4 pm at the Nonh Conference Room. 
Sponsored by PLEA (Pre-law Education Assoc.) 

A Sense Of Loss 

Friday, Jan. 20 at 7 pm 
TLH 107 - FREE 

Sponsored by Comminee for World Democracy and Third World Studies with 
ASUCSD-aDocared Campus Activity Fas. 

Musicians Club Thursdays at the Che Cafe 
are back with the: . 

r 

Flaming Hibachis 
and the Odds 

This Saturday at 9 pm at the Che 
All this fun for on~ ·$l.00 

STUDY GROUPS 
CROUNDWOR •• TlJDY CROOPS ... -n. i."",e Ieorlll .. _po _ .. ,Itt "' ..... of Itorru .. is4iro<t .... 
u_pclf .. , n. .......... ilcoope ... 'iwlecI .. ".,.iw.IOJ'O'I_m ..... t you ... 110 ... ,.. i ...... otleami .. 
.... to lOp 1M DIM' pr,... • 

CINBAL 'NroRIICAnOl'l 
Theft are DO ".ReI ...... EILCepl for- cott ot boofls. 'hew .audy ,ro .. .,. Irc (m aM opm 10 all c:Gmm .... ,. 
nw~n. Each ,roup will __ I of 6·12 people. 

AU fint rnrni.,. will be I' Grou ... won. Iootilorr .. ,cd in.he UCSD S,tldenl emltt. Fi,.. Meth"P •• otet 
repll' medin, lime. dttrrnUM read • .,. for "'". week. Ulwer qllCllMMat. etc . If you Ire i .... mtecI ... cennollne.d 
lhe fint .... , ..... ..- 100 .... 1M coordiftllor Wore I'" fint ....... I. lit .... 11_. 

n.nc It"')' .ro .... ret» _vi.,. on 1M .w-dlKipiine allhe memben 10 C'OIIlplm: 'M a ...... radiftll. to ,Wall 
about 1M .... 'crUl. alMl 10 come: prc,.m:I for each dilc:uPion. Thtrr Irt no ".ret 10 ditnt'M .. leria. (or ,.. .... 
no ell ... 10 • .. od ....... you. 
SIp .... fII..., C_OI G_ -. ..... _ C_._, .......... ,.., II .... ~ ..... 
IIC_' ....... _'. 
~- ... -...-,-
._LDIIl __ G~ 
RnI--"., • . n. .... ,J._t) It 
f"--...r. J*. 4Jl·M1 ., d.1.tUS 
INTIIODt:('11ON TO ."Dlf"AL UONOMlctk 
n.. .... JO, • . rndllyJl ..... )' l8 
C'..........-: lMerio. 2),,,1., 
rw:oPU:'JIIi •• T. PIOf'I.I." nn.Il'.1: 
f1rII"-"': 100' .. . 1 .. ...., Je_" ,t , 
r......-: 0.) . 451-_15 
C'OMMl'NlI" OIGANIlINCI 
ffnI--': leo, 1ft Frill) J .... f) .1U 
C' ....... .: F,."II. U .... Sfe ... ..... 
,,,1:0." or TNI ('OU.ICT~I: 
r .......... : 6.,'m ". __ ). 1111_,. II 
e ...... .,: JWIt. 4!l ·7Ml. 4n.-!! ( O~n:Mro."." ".UlU: 
tine --...: 4 JO P '" 'wWa) "lIIun 11 
f ........ : ,*If'. U1· .... 2 

.." .... , ttONOMIC'S: ANI--. !JD, • . W ...... 'Ja .. lllry •• 
C~ ClfOI • • ' · I"'.,.Q0.05U 
!MK1AUST tIM"IS"': 
............. ,., .. M .... )J .... ryit 
r.-.......r. f.rot. 1)).1 •• r 4ll ... U 
flO .. M"I' '0 MAl .... 
.'hI ......... , • . T •• ) J ..... ry 11 
,,~VlfteM'. 4" .... U 
ll'n.GOt O1ON '0 MA.'ISM ·L[NI"I~M 
n.:..--'I.p. TIIIt"") JI'-'" 17 C.........-: C1a) • • n · .. u 
' .... '.OIM rTIO" TO rllTf('AI. THIOIV: 
rtne ....... " ,'II fI 1ft nl.r.\ I._r) It 
r........-z f.ro! 1!.l-1. M 45:1 ... 2.5 
THt ""'''IU' !'lION 
.-1tII "'-":S. ,. MHCII\ J. .. IMI,) I. 
r.-....: ~ .. I'( .... o ""·",21 UI' ~l"S2 

/ 

OPEN HOUSE 
I( \00 Irt In,un'ed In 
It'"rnl"l more Ibn", 

,,~ , drop .. ~ 1M Open 
ftoUIlC rrnlb .. JO 10 
It '0 P "' . "fld.) 
lanuary I~ If)-Qulre 
fnI..-1t .'I("fN'U,". CAMI •• 
liIkln, .he n.or, eI 
,... ( .... ~Ih. d,, -
"',,,",,11" (l'oup 

GROUNDWORK BOOKS 
.................. , 1It_, '0 SoI_, II .... 10 • , .. . 

lTSD _ C_ ''''. t51 ... 15 
.·.[l P"I"INC 0 .. !t\,\T, ·.OA .. M 

,.. ........ 11''''.1. ""'P}' •. _ ...... \_ .. w.-, ....... ..rft_ 
..... « • _ lit .. ",-,.0:, ....................... _. _ ........ _no: 

I_""ilil. \h .... "' •• '-II" :._, ...... '''P''''''''. ~ ..... 't 10.,."" ~''f'I'C 

T.C.I.F. 
2nd fndl Y or each 

mond. 
" ' lOto")Opm 

pco,le: Illher rOf 
,tr.uhrncnu .nd 
c •• ".1 dlJlc".'lo. 
C ... b) . .... ,... "'! 
0. ,. 'th Fnda) *' 
....... wOfk .. ") 

~mc ... TGIFuupl 
we PUIIO ,*ort .n)~ 
who d ..... , up 

Attention 
Student Organizations: 

Check YOQr Mailboxes! Ii!!! 
AD organizations (except for recreation and coops) have mailboxes 

located in the Student Orgapizations Office. You should check the mail at 
least once a week .. .imponant fliers and bulletins are placed there for your 
info. 

Some organizations have not picked up their mail for months (and I 
mean months!) It will be deposited in the circular file if not picked up 
within the next few weeks. Any questions call x4083 and speak with 
Marietta. 

Engineering and Computer Science students 
Are you interested in putting your resume in a resume book which will be 

distributed to numerous technical firms? If so tum in your resume to Room 
206 in th& Student Center (computer science co-op/Society of Women 
Engineers Office) Deadline:jan. 27,1984. Cost: $5 for non S.W.E. members 
and $2 for S.W.E. members. 

For more m call 452-4090 
Sponsored By: Student Ctr, lEO, ~ 



14 January 17, 1984 

"Assignment: LIFE" 

ABORTION EXPOSED ... 
ALL ILLUSIONS SHATTERED ... 
BY AUTHORITIES IN THE 
CONTROVERSY AND THOSE 
AFFECTED BY IT 
Thursday, Jan. 19 at 8 pm 

Mandeville Auditorium 

Don't let the party end without you! 
Apply for the few remaining AS Cor:nminee pOSitions. 

AS Controller, AS Board of Evaluations, AS Activity Fee Board, AS 
Commissioner of Academic Affairs, AS Constitutional Evaluations 
Board, and AS Media Board. 

All interested individuals should contact Marc Boroditsky. 
Commissioner of Appointments and Evaluations at the AS Offices' 
( 452-4450). 

It's a new year! Support the AS and 
buy a UCSD 1984 Calendar: $3.50 

OPPRESSION IN THE 
SOVIET UNION 

FILM PRESENTATION AND 
INFORMATIVE SPEAKERS 

Tuesday, January 17th 
7 p.m. Peterson 101 

featuring talks by: 

Leonid Feldman Physicist and Jewish 
Soviet Dissident 

Professor Tim McDaniel Sociologist and 
Specialist in Soviet Affairs and 
Oppression of Individual Rights 

F 55 : S! ) S £ jj ,. 

followed by a question and ans wer period including input 
by student. Victor Fuks 

supported by the Women\ Rc~ource ente r !.AGO M Fe h" I1SU 

Is your future fuzzy? 
For answers, come to: Internship Information Nite Thursday,Jan. 26 in 

HL 1402 at 7:00 pm. Find out how you can live the excitement of election 
year in Washington, D.C. while gaining professional work experience! D.C. 
not your kind oftown? We also have work opportunities for ALL ~ORS in 
San Diego, Los Angeles, New York, and Sacramento. 

For more derails, check next week's AS BuBetin or visit ASIa in the 
Student Center above the game room or give us a caB x4689. 

Teaching - A career for you? 
A ralk featuring Dr. Tom Payzant, San Diego School Superintendent. 

, Maybe you haven't considered teaching before; maybe you should. It's a 
changing and growing career field. Learn about the opportUnities for you. 
Thursday. Jan. 19 at 2 pm in the North Conference Room. Sponosred by 
Career Planninllt and Placement and S.E.E.D. 

AS President Craig Lee needs a date for black 
tie affair. All interested individuals please 
apply in AS offices or contact Marc 
8oroditsky at 452-4450. 

Assorted Vinyl 
Where Else? Monday - Friday 10-5 

For all of your music needs, 

Study the life of Jesus' Christ 
Would you volunrarily die if you had tile c:hance w live70f couqe not! 

Jesus says, "I have come that they may have life, and have it to the full." He 
offers etemallife to those who believe in Him. To learn more about the 
person of]esus Christ and His claims, there will be a four pan investigative 
study of one of the primary documents ofJesus'life. For more information, 
call Mal)' at 455-6857. Sponsored by Inter-Varsity Christian Fellowship. 

Get Involved in Community Service 
Volunteers are needed to help esrablish two community service projects 

at UCSD. An organizational meeting will be held in the multi-purpose room 
(student center) Wednesday, Janual)' 18 at 1:00. For funher infonnation 
call x4450. 

KORERtJ - f\t'\ERl(~ 
STUDENTS ASSO Co • 

tlft -i~~""I, 
~j..l ~~i1 ~ tJ{.1(! A1ft~ r.t "" !.Ht !It. ~ 

~3-~ ,llIJip%-1 .ci funa '(ll(c;,;116 ~N~~ ~.l "'1I1~J.'1, 
~ ;l..~I-\\~ ~1~t~~011 ~ii t/~t!-l .e.j~at ~.t..,\. 1fr'1f1-"!1 ~ 
'\..hd'~J: blilt ~,,~~~ tl-t.1-j ·~.l ~~~~~W·1 ~ ~L.I!or11 
{J;.J t%1t~ Dlpl"l! ~~ 11' Sl.lt. 'I~ ~~t"'l t%t: '-'tt 

.1;-~I"'lt "''''~~''r. 
ATiE:ND OUR. rv'\E.£ T I NG ! 

. wh(.n : 
1!U3'ft&\"L'1 

J~N . 1'0, ~ 9 ~ lj. 
-, : 00 PM 

( WI:.D.) 

. where : R£'JELL£ Fol<.MII-.L LoUtJGt:: 

<. !ll:l\t IoI\H~ ~-t ~ M~t tl;-7J~~ ;r~11e;1 ~ -"tI! 
"'~y ~Jt,~ -t<~..,t tlt~lAq. ) 

.. • 10 :. "0' ',. • ·.·o·~O;":. .' • 
. , ," '~'. . • ~ .•• to •• " .' ",~ -:.' ' .• ~ 0' ••• ~ : ~ ; '0 :.' .. to":' .•. ,' . 
,e •••••••• " ••••••• I' "1" 0".' ~'" '. f'.~ .• ,·0' 

..... :' .• ~.: ~';" •.. :.".f!': .. '::'~:.'.: .. '';:': '~'.,. ;.:~ ......... . ; 
. 0 " ••• ~: •• : •• :.,' ........ :.: to .0·. ~ . : .. t o ; •• ' t '~ •• \'0-:" ~ .. ~;. 
:'-:'.f:J; •• ' . • •.· .••• ·.0 ••• • •• ;1:0. ' ..... ",.:, '.: ·.·.0 .. · ... ' .. ·· '':-~',~': :; .. ::~;;-l(~~~::~::.;:~.~~;:::~ ~::-/:;~:::~: r ~ .. ~::.:~::~::::; '" 

t •••• _ ...... '" ........ ." •• ,0' '.' . '.' ." ••• t 
lilt ... ~ •• '. 0·" •.... ,.".0. ; , t o .. 0'· ." ... ~. ~ .• . , .. .' .•. " • 
: .. · •• ·O~· • •• ·.· ·o· ... · •• "·!·.,·.!· ...•... : ............ : .• ~~.«~ .. \.' ..• .. 

• ' .. . .... ,' • .' Q' •• , _ ••• ' -00 ••• • t o • 
.. . .. ,eo; ~ '0 •• '~ 'r" ' ........ ~ ,:. ~ • • -:' -.' ~ •••• •• : •••••••• .: .. 
• ,', • ..... • ' ••• ',. • •• '1lI!: .' t " ~ " 0 • • •• • ', •• , ~~ti:=~~~ ~ ''; , •. a ' . 0 , ... ,," 0;' _ • ••• '. O. t , .,.;,. .. .. 0 • ~ ~', ~~;. ';' ~.:. \' ~'~.~ .. :~~~:.::/,; ~"~~~ ;.>~: .:.~~~: .. ~~. ~'~' .~: 

,to ·0 • • • .• ., ••• •• · • .. :.D.. ." ., ' . . 

UCSD fights back ... 
By MIKE GREENBERG 

AZUSA - After losing to Biola in the 
league opener by eight points Tuesday 
night, leaming mat sraning guard and 
leading scorer Brandon Nixon would 
only play sparingly because of a 
dislocated collarbone, and having to 
make a two-hour trek up to Anaheim to 
play in a very hostile Azusa Pacific gym, 
the Triton men's basketbaU team knew it 
would be hard-pressed to come away 
with a victory Friday night. 

The result: UCSD came away with its 
easiest road win of the season. 

What is probably more intriguing 
than the victory itself is the fashion in 
which Tom Marshan's squad downed 
Azusa to even its league record at 1-1. 
The stage is now set for a Southern 
Division showdown with the Southern 
Cahfornia College Vanguards in the 
Pavilion tonight (Tuesday) at 7:30 
(I<SDT broadcast begins at 7: 10). 

In d~feating the Cougars by an 88-76 

score (the margin hovered around 20 
most of the night, and only a late Azusa 
spun made the score look respectable), 
UCSD established itself as a would-be 
powerhouse in NAlA District III play. 
Not only was Nixon handicapped (he 
played ten minutes and contributed four 
points), but starting point guard Randy 
Bennett suffered a concussion early and 
was taken to the hospital immediately 
after the contest. With the Tritons' two 
key guards out, reselVe.cireg Kamanski 
and Jeff Ochroch picked up the scoring 
slack by contributing 14 and 12 points 
respectively. 

Marshall was · very pleased" with both 
guards' play, saying, "It makes me feel 
good to know that when I do substitute 
for Brandon and Randy we don't lose 
much." Five Tritons finished in double 
figures - something Marshall has said 
is vital if UCSD is going to be successful 
this year. 'There is no question that we 
need a contribution from everybody. We 
don't have a Bob Goodman or a Tommy 
Wight to rely on. We need balanced 
scoring if we are going to win ." 
. What is stanling, however, is that the 
Triton head coach was not the least bit 

surprised by UCSD's relatively easy 
victory. "I expected to blow them out, 
especiany after the way we played in the 
second half of the Biola game," said 
Marshan. 

Come again . coach? Your team was 
demolished by the Eagles in the final 
half; why would it suddenly play its best 
game of the year? One would think the 
Tritons would be tentative and second-
guess themselves against the Cougars. 
"On the contrary ," says Marshall. "All the 
guys knew that what happened in the 
Biola game was jUst a mental breakdown 
on our pan. We just didn't execute. We 
know if we execute correctly we will 
win. That is how I knew there would 
not be a let-down against Azusa. If BIola 
had beaten us badly instead of us 
beating ourselves, then I would have 
been worried. But since that didn't 
happen, I knew that we would defeat 
Azusa." 

What has to be frustrating for UCSD 
is the realization that with just a little 
luck, this team could have been 2-0 in 
league play and sitting atop the 
Southern Division of the NAlA District 
Ill . "I certainly wish we could play that 

With bolh' starters out, rest1'Vt 
Ochroch came off the pine 10 score 12 
points in UC5D's win UVt:r Azusa Pacific. 
second half against Biola again ," says 
Marshan. "We should be 2-D right now. 
not 1-1. That is why tonight's game 
against sec is so important." 

The Vanguards are coming off a very 
imrressive 92-80 victory over a strong 
Ca Baptist club Friday niRht. They are 
known to run and gun for the entire 40 

please tu rn to page 18 

eee after being knocked down 

Forward Mark Barreca IuId his best game 
as a Triton by pounding the boards 
repeatedly while leading an scorers with 18 
points. 

By MIKE GREENBERG 
"You're all a bunch of cow-ards. I'm 

ashamed of each and every one of you. 
You don't deserve to be on that court 
out there. You are not only embarrassing 
yourselves but also your university. 
You're just a bunch of cowards." 

Most of the 240 paid fans at last 
Wednesday's UCSD-Biola men's 
baskemaD game would probably sunnise 
that this harsh statement came from the 
mouth of Triton Head Coach Tom 
Marshan soon after the home team 
dropped their league opener to the Biola 
Eagles 65-57 in the Pavilion. Nope. 
According to Biola Captain David Jones, 
it was the Eagles' coaches who berated 
the club at halftime as the visitors 
trailed by a 24-12 margin. One could 
understand their rationale. Biola's co-

Whole or 1/2 Brain? 
Experience your mindlbrain expanding from 
10% 'Acall to 90% in just two fun·filled weekends. 
PLUS: 
.Elfortless note·taking 
.Alpha learning 
.Left·right brain integration 
.Career direction and expansion 

• Effective communication 
• Lateral thinking 
.Accelerated reading 
.Super memory 

Complete Work_hop 
S8OO. all malerlals Included 

Now 68 hours! 2 fun·filled weekends plus three 
a·hour sessIons with monitoring for a full year . 

Left IraIn 
Llnel' 

Mecnlnll: 11 
Me'\'I .. I' 

Log .. I' 
Rou"ne Memory 

v.""" 

IIgIIt IIntIn 
Aoc-.ng 
Cr •• 11Y1 
_'"1 ... Art'"" 
IntUltM 
Spo ... , 

NEW ONE·DAY WORKSHOP Whole-Brain LeamlngM 
Expand memory. 
br.,n ,ntegration, 
think faster . 
study easier . 

JOHN-DAVID LEARNING INSTITUTE 
1915 Hornblend, San Diego CA, 92109 

F,.. InfOl'lMtlon 270-4100 
~.""'.1Y21" Visa and ",.,IercharQII accepled 

MEMOIV TAPEI: Dr John·DaVId has made a rTqOI breakthrough in expandtng onestonng 
VOJf memory Cossette recordings Wllh 5 levels <Irocks). 3 conSCIOUsly aud'bIe plus 2 
IlbIlminol. directly affecting VOJf subconSCious. bVPOSSIng your res,stance Four lopes Long 
Telm MemoIy.1IIoIt Term MamoIy ( phone numbers. names). COllcell'rallon. Etlmll~lng . 
.... aba4a,.. Each S45 01 set only $'45 

head coaches, Dave Holmquist and 
Howard Lyon , had just wimessed "the 
worst half of basketban in the school's 
history." Five of twenty three from the 
field (22%) and 2-6 from the charity 
stripe (33%) is nothing to brag about. 
But those figures were not the reason for 
the Eagles' coaches temper tantrum. It 
was the club's 21 turnovers in the first 
half of play. (Biol.l entered the cOOlest 
averaging 16 mishaps a game.) 

However, in the final 20 minutes the 
Eagles were flawless, shooting a 
remarkable 73% (22-30) and hitting on 
all but one of their free throws (9-10) en 
route to a rather easy eight-pOint 
victory. 

Afterwards, Triton coach MarshaU was 
in no mood to discuss a game he 

described beforehand as "critical," 
probably because he was still mystified 
at what went wrong. The Tritons went 
into the dressing room after the first 
stanza ahead by 12. mainly by playing 
very aggressive defense. But in the 
second half, Biola scord 53 points 
outSide, inside and between UCSD's 3-2 
defense. In fact , that defense was 
victimized so often that it was a bit of a 
surprise that Marshall did not counter 
with some type of man-IO-man or 
alternative zone. When he did not, Biola 
was able to outsCore UCSD 18-6 to tie 
the contest at 30 on a Jones 20-footer. 
From then on in the Eagles controlled 
the tempo. pushing the Tritons into 16 
second-half turnovers (23 for the game), 
and UCSD was 0-1 in league play. 

SOFT (ONTAO LENSES 
One Hour Service in most cases 

IHCLUDES: 
Contact lenses, ~mination, 
patient training, follow up, 
chemical care kit and fitting, 
EXIINDED WEAR LDeIS 

. ONLY $161.00 

THE CLASSICAL EYE I 
DR. ROIERT HEUER OPTOMETRIST 

La Jolla Village Square 
(Inside the MIIIi Lower Level) 

8657 VIlla La Jolla Drive e Suite 136 
451-1374 



• 

Whistle blows 
as Sockers fall 
to Golden Bay 

By ANDREW KEELER 
It was a tale of two good teams and 

one not-50-popular man with a whistle. 
Saturday night's match between the 

San Diego Sockers and the Golden Bay 
Earthquakes did nor producl"the high 
scoring many had expected. However, it 
did fill the Sports Arena with fireworks. 

The chief pyrotechnic was not NASL 
player of the month and hometown 
hero Julie Veee nor all-time indoor 
scoring champ Steve Zungul (although 
he had a big night with one goal and 
four assists); it was Manuel Ortiz. Few, if 
any, of the 12,740 partisan fans had 
heard of Ortiz before Saturday, but they 
will be hard pressed to forgive or forget 
the diminutive Spaniard. 

The referee has always been an' evil 
figure in organized spons (why else 
would they wear black?), but in the 
heans and minds of the fans and many 
of the players Ortiz stole the game from 
San Diego and handed a 6-5 victory to 
the enemies from Northern California. 
Some of the crowd went as far as 
waving money to Ortiz, implying the 
game was fIXed and he was paid off. 

Ortiz whistled numerous louis against 
San Diego and almost incited a riot 
when he waved midfielder Brian Quinn 

off 18 seconds into the second quarter 
for tripping. After a brief argument he 
was awarded a yellow card (caution) 
and orher two-minute penalty. More 
cursing by Quinn resulted in a red card 
(game misconduct) and an additional 
five-minute penalty. 

The Earthquakes took advantage of 
the powerplay situation two minutes 
later when Jan Goosens took a pass 
from Zungul and increased their lead to 
3-1. Goosens scored the second of his 
three goals later in the period to give 
his team a three-point advantage. 

Goalkeeper Alan Mayer rwice needed 
medical anention during the match that 
saw Gert Wieczorkowski go out with an 
ankle injury, subtraction from the 
Sockers' already deplenished roster. 

After Cha Cha Namdar closed the gap 
to two, Zungul scored his Bid goal of 
the season on a breakaway at 9:47 of 
the third period. The Sockers came back 
with three unanswered goals by Jean 
Wilrich, Veee and Hugo Perez. The 
tying score came on a powerplay early 
in the final period, after the Earthquakes 
were called for illegal substitution. 

All the seemingly unfair caDs and bad 
breaks against the Sockers 'were 

IMPORTANT MEETING 
DEALERS WANTEDI 

ATTENTION 
all CASINO NIGHT dealers & anyone interested 
in participating in the biggest fun-filled event 
of the year: 

1st MEETING 
for all CASINO NIGHT 1984 dealers is Wed" Jan. 
18, at 5 p, m, in. the North Conference Room 
(across from EDNA in Student Center), 

IMPORTANT TO ATTEND 
Sign up at OCR at new location (ARC) next to 
Canyonview Pool & Racquetball Center. 

Soc~r Hugo Ptrrt skills the ball from Ear1hqUIW Stew Zungul during San Dkgo's 6-5 defeat. 

temporarily forgotten by the crowd as 
they envisioned San Diego coming back 
to win and start a new home streak. 
(Tulsa snapped the previous one al 25 
games at the Arena on December 16.) 

This dream turned to a nightmare 
when Goosens completed his hat trick 
with a right-footed blast that ricocheted 
off Mayer into the net. The Earthquakes 
hunR on to imp~ve their record to 9-4 

. 

and move into sole posession of first 
place. The Sockers fell to 7-7 and have 
lost five of their last sevel1, including a 
4-2 defeat in Tulsa last Tuesday. 

San Diego must now try to regain its 
early-season momentum on a tough 
road trip that begins Thursday against 
the Cosmos and continues on to 
Chicago and Vancouver. AD games will 
be broadcast live on Channel 51. 

~ATURDAY, ~E::ORUARY QS 
8 PM MAIN GYM 

Running Thoughts 
Weaving their way to an A 
By JEFF SAVAGE 
WHAT'S GOING ON HERE DEPT. The ultimate joke in co\lege athletics is the one 
about the highly touted high school athlete who possesses less than adequate study 
skills to survive at a major university but maintains his eligibility by enrolling in 
crackeljack classes such as underwater basket weaving. Unfonunately, mO$( "big time 
sports" colleges have developed a reputation Cor these son of shenanigans, perhaps not 
to the extent of literaDy oITering a course in underwater basket weaving, bur having 
cream puIT COUlKS nonetheless. Bebeve it or not, UCSD has taken the joke to the limit 
by making underwater basket weaving a reality. Wednesday, January 25 marks the first 
session of a new course oITered by the recreation department entided "Underwater 
Basketweaving." The COUIK will be taught at the Canyon View Pool Center by 
Stephanie Utvak, a cenified lifeguard who has taught underwater exercise courses and 
who learned to weave her first basket (out of water) when she was but a tot. The first 
day of class students will weave in the pool, but al weaving thereafter will be done in 
the jacuzzi. Those who can successfully weave on basket will pass the class and receive 
a certificate which will allow them to advance to "Underwater Basketweaving Two" if it 
is oITered in t!t~ sering. But what does aB this mean? Has UCSD athletics gone 
powerhouse? Hardly. Apparently the course' is open to everyone and, in fact, those 
sporting nifty 3.6 grade point averages or higher are encouraged to sign up. The class 
bmit is srnaIl bur is flcxi~ depending upon the demand for the course. 

NOT TO BE BElIEVED Riggins, Plunkett, Marcus, Theismann, Lester: the players who 
will be hyped througholll 'Super Bowl Week" and spotlighted when the Raiders and 
Redskins hook up Sunday in Tampa. But the fellow with the long, lanky arms wrapped 
in black jersey number 83 will be the fellow to look for. Ted Hendricks, who most pro 
scouts figured to be too skinny to be effective in the NFL, will be playing his 221Sl 
consecutive game Sunday, qUite an accomplishment, considering the way Hendricks 
approeches the game. He rarely practices, and when he does, he hates il "Hell, we 
had an eight-week strike last year, and I didn't work out a single day, and I had a 
great game when we resumed. I don't think practicing or working out has anything to 
do with playing on Sunday." Only once is Hendricks known to have charged onto the 
practice lield in his unifonn full of enthusiasm. He was galloping on a horse and 
wielding an orange traffic cone as a lance. Hendricks is in the twilight of a brilliant 
career which has marked him as one of the game's greal linebackers, and even more 
than that, one of its greatest big play defenders. In regular season play, the 67 N stork 
has blocked 25 kicks and forced four safeties - both NFL records. In his 1~-year 
career with the Colts, Packers and Raiders he has been selected to the Pro Bowl squad 
nine times, including the last five seasons in a row. Ironically, he attributes his success 
to a lid of practice and exercise. He rarely lifts anything heavier than a paycheck or a 
full glass. Throughout his pro caRer coaches always told him that he needed to begin 
lifting weights to survive. He would nod in agreement and then do nothing. One time 
during his early years with the Raiders, Hendricks rigged up his own barbell for bench 
pressing. It was two empty drums fastened to either end of a bar. It gave the 
appearance of a heavy weight b~ was quite light. Hendricks called it the "Hurricane 
Machine." Hendricks does not like to pollute his body with execise. He has not 
actually missed a foothaD game since 1962 when, as a sophomore quarterback for 
Hialeah High in Florida, he sat out with a broken knee. From that point forward 
through high school, college and pro, he has not blown a working day. Game day, that 
is . 

WAIT A. MINUI'E DEPT. Once upon a time there lived a confused captain aboard a 
Oipper shif' The captain's name was Donald, and he couldn't read a compass or a 
navigationa chart. He would weigh the anchor with a scale. Year after year, the c~ 
would struggle to keep the Clipper 
afloat. But no maner how hard they 
tried, it would always sink to the 
bonom. One year the confused captain 
even said he M(lnttd the Clapper to sink, 
so he could find some treasure. Captain 
Donald was always putting his foot in 
his mouth . One time, during a violent 
Slonn with Mother Nature, his rudder 
broke. and he screamed, "Oh no, there 
go my seamen." Then one day it finaUy 
dawned on him that he was in trouble. 
He hired an experienced sailor to 
captain Ihe ship and sent away for a 
bunch of new crew members. He sent 
most of his time hiding in his quarters. 
The ship itself was completely 
remodeled. It looked as if Ihe Oipper 
would finally sail right. Today the ship 
is still in the sea, bUI the new crew is 
bailing water. The slrongest, most 
important member of the crew, a fUY 
named Walton, is down in the ga ey 
peeling potatoes. The ship relied too 
heavily on him, even Ihough he was 
slipping on the deck. And when he was 
not losing his footing, he was getting 
smacked on the hands by the boom. Walton displays IUs "boomed" hand. 
Another strong man named 
Cummings and a tiny guy named Norm have to control the boom now. But it is jUst 
tOO heavy for Ihe big Cummings and the little Nonn to handle by themselves. The 
Clipper has too milny holes in it and is in desperate need for more patchwork. Maybe 
it is finally time for Caplllin Donald to abandon ship. 

See Our Convenient 
V.C.S.D. Loattionl 
EY~ (By Sam80D's) La Jolla Vlrlage ConYenience Center 

...-----tiSTUDENf DISCOVIUI~~ 
. Soft ContM:t uruU .................... $125 

(CoInpIetc with [am MId rollow-Up) 
• rAtentled Wear leMa . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. $250 

(CcJmpIeU with [am and rollow-up) 
Contemporary I'rames ............... 15% orr 

Dr. Jeftiey Ansbel 
Dr. "lebolas GreeD 457-1200 

I'ramt 111" Ad tMth Student I.D, 



, . 

High 6vin ' with the enemy--- UCSD's superb u nter Tein Francis ballles a LeopardJor 
the rebound. Teik, nursing a hyperextended knee. saw limited actIOn Friday mght in Triton 
Pavilion but the women had an easy lime dOW/ling La Verne 84-59. Julie Krause led Triron 
scorm with 24 points and Sue Semrau added 16. Judy Malone 's squad will travel to 
Claremont Friday before retltming home to face Occidental on Sarurday. 

WHERE: 
Muir College: Rathskeller 
Revelle College: Deli 

WHEN: 
January 18th: Rathskeller 
January 19th: Deli 

Tritons dunk Biola 
lI>nWllh'J /1'1)111 I'd!;" j 5 
minutes, and MarshaU says that UCSD 
can't get Into a running game with them 
as Cal B.!ptist tried to do. ' We want to 

' dictate the tempo, not have the tempo 
dictated to us." 

Still. entering tonight 's comeSt with 
two blemishes on their league record 
would have been disasterous, and ir 
these Tntons do advance to the playoffs 
in early March. MarshaU's crew might 
look back to January 13 when it 
handled adversity well enough to dere.lt 
Azusa Pacific and establish itself as a 
contender in the AlA. 

TRITON HOOP-LAM: &nnc/l 's 
conCUSSIon, ali hough at first belIeved to be 
eriou5. proved /0 be nllnor. The TlllOn poinl 

f,uard was affecled werely when the mcident 

occurred, asking his head coach: "Where art 
~?" and "Why are we hrre? ..... Mark Barreca 
played his finiSt game of lhe season. sconng 18 
points and grabbing many rebounds offenSIvely 
and defenSIvely. "Mark had a supe' gume for 
14 S ... SOld Marshall. "When he has h,s acr 
logelher, he can bt a powerjul for<e In Ihl> 
league. and tOnight was an ItIdteolion . ..... see is 
led by Dave "the Plycho" COYSI. who IS 
averaging 20 points pcr game. Why IS he lulled 
lhe psycho? Obl·wusly becauSi he is oa..')' on 
the court .... UeSD should have a huge 
advantage on lhe boards IOnlght SlnLe t he tallest 
Vanguard player is 6·5. Says MaY!lhall. 'They 
are so small Ihot we should gel every rebound. 
Heck, five of t hem combined don '/ even equal 
DabtJ (cenler Mike DabaslnsRru)." Strange!y, Ihe 
TnlOns had the same heIght advantage last yeor 
when Ihey pluyed see and were seve/ely 
outrebounded. something thaI SlIll perplexes 
Marshall 10 I hIS day 

Ray Kroc, owner of the McDonalds restaurant chain and 
the San Diego Padres baseball club, died Fri~ay at Scripps Hospital. After 
becoming the Padres' owner in 1974 -- thus preventing the move of the 
team to Washington - Kroc's one disappointment was that he never 
got the chance to see a championship come out of his many efforts for 
the team. He was 81. 

GRADE A 

SENIOR NURSE 
STUDENTS 

Adventure". Challenge ... 
Professionalism! 

An exciting job with 
opportunities for world-wid~ 
travel, career development, 
professional growth, excellent 
benefits. BSN graduates or 
senior students are eligible. If 
you're going to be someone, 
special...Be a Navy Nurse! For 
more information call 293-
6746,8 am - 4 pm, Monday· 
Wednesday. 

TIME: 10:00 - 11:30 
1:00 - 2:30 

YOGURT 

- .. ---' 
- - ---=::.~ - ... 
--

WITH OT~R NATLlW. RA\o?s fWD 
I~TED FRENCH 'tOGWT CUlTWES COUNCIL TRAVEL 

welcomes you back 
with lower air faresl 

London 
Amstrrdam 
Paris 
Dusseldorf 

53200w/S499rt 
S39Sow/S649rt 
534 7ow/5929rt 
S3400w/S589rt 

South Pacific and Asia 

New Zealand 
Australia 
Hong Kong 
Tal<}<) 

55300w/51060rt 
S60Sow/S1210rt 
S3650w/S685rt 
S4350w/S655rt 

Contact 
CIEE/Councll Tr ... 
Second Floor, Student Center 

452-0630 

Clallilled acMItIIIIl8 tpGCe II IOId In 100 
character Incremen ••. Each le"er, 
punduatton men and ..,ace beI1iUl., 
WOfdItiCOIllldlred ac:halactlr, ... c:apIIaI 
..... caunIIng CII two c:haIactIrL 1M .. II 
81.110 per 100 cfMIIac.tIrI for IIu dlnll and 
SUO per .00 chafacllr. for norHIudIntI. 
You InUIt come b¥ the oIIce or malt ... your 
ad, CII .. ,... ~ .. In advance 01 5' Dead .... I pm ~ for 

• paper; I pm FrIdar for ~ 
paper, more 1I1bmaIton. call 412-3.66. 
1M eua.dan, UCID, 10016, La Jotla, CA 
..,.1 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
"INDUSTRIAL APPUCATlONS OF ROeOnCS" will 
be ~ted by IIWIn AIen VP Com. Eng. at 
htemattonaf Robomatlon. on Tue Jan n. 6 
pm In UH 2102. Spon, by Mechonk:aI Eng. 
Club. (1/17) 
wa., Radlll KSOT Orientation: 'ThUll.. Jan 19 at 
7:00. at KSOT. Be the18 a be a cyclic butane. 
(1/19) 
Intaasted In judging girls' gymnaatics? We'll 
train. caN RobIn 265-1240 a TIna 578-8293. 

(1/~) 
Minority Edittng Intemshlpel /Iq:Jtv roN for 
summer. Academic Internship Program 
452.4355 Bldg. 406 we, (1/27) 
St\Jctt' Groups roN forming at GlOUrdNorIc 
Bookstae In OCSD Student Cent •. beg. Jan. 
16. Broad IOng8 socialist topics: Mmlnlsm. 
world hur~er. cunent IIIueI. ec:or tOmIcs. 
peopIe's QJltlxe. Iheory cI the 00I1ect1l.'8. etc. 
Non-hIaarc:hIcal format. flee! 452-9625. a 
corne to our TGIF FtI. Jan, 13. 4:30-6:30 pm for 
more Inb (1/19) 
ENGINEERS: The Mechanical Engineering 
Club pr..-ltl Mr. IIwn AIen cllnt.nationaI 
rllabom.ttoh He wtI IJI8Ck on "lne1JstTIaI 
ApJAIeOtb IS cI AoboIIcI" on Tue Jan 17 at 6 
pm In UH 2102. Oledc It out. (1/16) 
For the fU" the triMs. the ttYIIls that ~ ends. 
join KSOT on Thull. at 7:00. (1/19) 
One Huncted dollars ftIst prizef Revelle Talent 
show Feb. 1 In the cafe, Coli 453-9539 a 455-
0669. (1/17) 
Get on stage ood make some bucks! Revelle 
Talent Show Feb. 1 lots cI PrIzes" (1/ 17) 
1l<E uttte SIsters for membership Info please 
Iec:Ne a m8IIOg8 at 457-4>22. (1/17) 
Come skank wIIdIV at the Che Cafe with 11th 
Sf Roots reggae musk:: by NIglt Shift. 
Featurtng the Rhine and the Roo,ol Court 
Horns. 'ThIs FtIday night at 8:30 pm S2. We 
promise a gI8at time! (1/19) 
MET. MJSEUM OF AAT INTERNSI-IPSI Apply roN 
for summer. Academic intErnShIp PIogrom 
452-4355 Bldg. 406 WaIra1 campus. (1/27) 
Tau Kappa EpsIlon ls~tIng wlnt. quart. 
membership for Its Little Sist. PIogram. For 
more Informatlo" please phone 457-4022. 
(1/17) 

SERVICES 
WorctMtghts for quality word procealng. fast 
ciattsand lett. pafact finals. 481-8395. (2/9) 
T'f'PIno, W'OI'd processing. tape ~tlon. 
Q.lallty WOIk at reasonable rates. La Jolla. 

~. 459-5818. (1/~) 
lHNNITEO HAIR REMCNED PERMANENTl V 
near campus. La Jolla Pl'oMssIonoI Center. 
8950 Villa La Jolla Dr. Suite 11~ Call for 
~ 453-7040. (6/7) 
Term pap.s - theses - cisIertattons. lOIN 
rates. fast seMoe. Pn>Type. 454-6800. La Jolla. 
(6/7) 
Fast. 0CCUI0I8. hioh<IUOIIty. some day typing 
I8IVIce near UCSO. 16 yecn experlenoe. Call 
FeIy 452-1393. (1/23) 
Sfu:Mng at the Kaplan Cent. this quarter? 
I'd like to. but lack tlaNpatatlon. If you hCIII8 
room for another tIder I would be clad to spilt 
gas costs. Please call Shaon of 481-0156. 
(1/19) 
Need a typst? R8CJIOnObIe. Speectv. 15 yecn 
experience. Gualantee wa1t Call Kathle57~ 
1277 anytime. (2/16) 
Experlenoed typist will type your term pope!S. 
etc. CaH Becky at 268-3763. (1I~) 

PERSONALS 
Cane $kank wildly at the Che Cafe with 11th 
Sf Roots Ieggae ITlU$Ic by Night Shift. 
Featl.flng the Rhino and the Roo,ol Court 
HorN. This Fridav night at 8:30 pm S2. We 
promise a good time. (1/19) 
1l<E uttte Sisters for membership Info please 
IeaIIe a meaage at 457-4>22. (1/17) 
John - I'm thinking cI you. (1/17) 
Dealers Wanted! For more Info on being a 
casino Nlte dealer come to the North Conf. 
Rm Wed. at 5:00 pm. (1/17) 
Meet other people with Int.ests slmlla' to 
yo.x own - join the l.CSD SoarIng Club. Free 
ftylng Instruction to OCSD students. stott ood 
faculty. More Into - call Alan, 566-7405. 
(1/17) 
lou Kappa Epsilon Is Accepting Wint. 
QJart. membership for Its LItfIe SIst. 

~. For more Intomatlor •. please phone 
457-<ll22. (1/17) 
To my bestest buddy. !1st. and Irlendll Thanks 
fa being there aMooys. .. DebQ luv yo SueQ. 
(1/17) 
Dear Andv. HelPPI' 22nd B-day. I hope you 
heM! a super dayl Hugs and kIsses. .. Nodge. 
(1/17) 
Anae - once upon a time. there lived In Argo 
fJJf a man for whom you danced. l-iewent elf 
to moke the wcxId safe for d8moc:rocy and 
IBM. Now. he <XlIcIaIly invites you to come out 
and play. Call 457-5447. (1/17) 
Sons cI fathers In alcohol treatment progams 
are needed for bIoln YKNe studies by the Salk 
InstlMe age 18-~. Call Dr. AI Schmidt 453-
4100 ext. 419. (1/23) 
Come. come. come! Come. come, ...... and 
get a1ented to KSOT In the student cent • . 
(1/19) 
Deactleads: Does anyO'le know where I can 
get a recording cI the Ft!. Dec. 30 5hc:JW1 Call 
Ken 279-3448. (1/19) 
learning to fty gives you oonIIdanoe In your 
abilities. Grow with us. the UCSDSoartng Club. 
Call Alan. 566-7405 for more information. 
(1/16) 
Come deal at UCSD'sown LasVegaslGenaal 
meeting 'Ned. (1/18) at 5:00 pm in the North 
ConfeIence rm (1/17) 

LOST" FOUND 
Found: Calculata In USB 2310 Coli Paul 755-
3715. (1/19) 

Found ladles t!ng near Bk>Med Ublory call 
with description. <166-3168. (1/23) 
Lost black ~ motOC)'Cle helmet In front 
at NCB A!I't¥CIId 0011 457-3nl, (1/23) 

WANTED 
Interested In computers? Computer 
ClCOIIIIOV company needs Shipplng/gen 
offtce clerk 25 m/YtAt.. Aeauirellite typing at 
car. Call Lynelle at SGN &'terprlles·':'" 1S5-
8324. (1/19) 
Roommate: 2bd apt. on bctt In N. MIIn. S185 
shara room. SerIous student onrv. Coil 277-
1842. 
wan_ Female I00I''' taM ton::..c:oncio ... 
urc cna. F\.mIIhed ftXlm S230 J*month call 
457-2921. (1-17) 

FOR SALE 

196 7 VW Va" gooci condition. lots at 8IdiOS. 
$7SO a best. Con 452-2995 days. 450-0392 
gyenings. (1/17) 
Fa IOIe 73VtN bug. New bIak-. clUk:tl. 2 new 
tires. S1200 01 belt. 453-4836. 8IIeningI. ( 1/17) 

Brand new Hewiett-PockCld 41C with quad 
memory mociIle (1CIrTle memory as a 4101). 
'NIII sell at a vettV low price - will ClCcept arry 
reasonaole eifel. Coli Jim 453-6872 anytime. 
(1/19) 
Klngsize waterbed - bookcase headboard. 

~ pedestal. padded raUs. $225 obo 
Rob 753-36a:l. (1/19) 
TYPEWRITER FOR SALE. SmlttH:orona Super 12 
electric portable with t!bbon cartridge and 

Crossword 
By JAMES RALPH PAPP 
ACROSS 
1. Epic poet who gives us a run 6. 
Name of citified jpes 9. What we 
usuaDy caU a grai 12. Warrior In Iliad 
eXciting repugnance 13. Olympus of 
professorial wages: Boston University 
(abbr.) H. War in the solar 
system U.Color of past tense 
study 16. Swastika synonym 
(guaranteed unanswerable) 18. Titanic 
reference book of geogl'aphy 19. Greek 
found between ceiling and roof 21. 
The answer will dawn if one know 
Greek 23. Abbreviation of the United 
States (a difficult one) 24. Space 
mission after Daphne 28. Old Greek 
wiseman inhabiting south San 
Diego 30. Fish eggs one needs to take 
he boat after 32. Phoenician City 

which needed changing 33. Saint 
(abbr.) 3 ... This c1ue's additional 
postscript (abbr.) 36. Distinguished 
Service Order (abbr.) 39. Extremely 
high frt,<iuency (abbr.) "0. American 
descendants of mythological figures: 
Daughters of the American Revolution 
(abbr.) 42. Close-mouthed ancient 
mythological Muhammad Ali opponent 
(well. nearly) 43. Replacer of myths: 
Greek monogram for 45. Legendaty 
Greek athlete surviving on variety of 
grain sorghum 47. Make a Greek 
presider over an laugh (one or two 
words) 49. Indicating false 
condition 51. Something 
burdensome 52. Ritual practiced by 
religious conservatives 55. 
Reverberating sound shunned by 
narcissus 56. Traditional clue: 
Egypuan sun god 58. Supponer of 
temples and communities 61. Thinks 
aboUt nine mythological sisters 63. 
Imperative (abbr.) mischievous 
figure 65. To a Latin 
advenisemem 66. Membrane of Greek 
rainbow goddess' eye 68. And thus the 
answer 69. Sea nymphs on fire 
engines 70, Male name under attack 

case. I:XCeIIent concttIon - Uke reN. seo. Call 
Fr. Ftcnk ~ 9am and 10 pmorryda(at 
452-1957 a 453-1855. (2/2) 

78 Datsun KIn~plckup 5-speed. cassette. 
85000 miles. a best. Miles 452~54. 
2n-8110, (1/19) 

Waterbed KIng. 12 drawer. stained glass and 
mirTa headboard. padded rolls. 5600. Jeff. 
~67. 452-2617. (1/16) 

Answers on page 20. 

DOWN 
1. Trojan throat condition 2. Debt to 
heroes paid in poetry 3. Rich 
mythological king's protective 
clothing ... Symbol of europium 5. 
Academic Mount Olympus: Royal Society 
(abbr.) 6 . Epic hero, ended up in 
downtown hotel 7. Australian name for 
aborigines 8. Madman. but not 
cracked 9. Offspring of Leda and 
Jupiter. help up furniture 10. Sound of 
hesitation when queStioned on 
Sumerian city 11 . Personification of 
human soul, sought by Cupid and 
loony-doctors 16. Sylvan deities who 
seek favor through flattery 17. 
University center of Greek culture 19. 
What Alexander the Grear's friends 
called him 20. Symbol of 
thallium 22. Camera of the gods 25. 
Primate of neoclassic poetty 26. First 
musician known for underworld 
activities 27. Whom Sophocles 
wrecks 29. In Greece, death and Stones 
may break one's bones 31. 
Spoken 35. Saint Francis of Nonhem 
California (abbr.) 37. Answer without 
name (Latin abbr.) 38. Dumb animal 
which uses self-contradictory 
phrases 40. Princess of sea mammals, 
modem legend .. 1. Wander to 
tetminus of aU roads ..... Lycian leader 
in Iliad. caterer to low tastes 45. 
Ancient bearer of bouquets 46. 
Exclamation at clue 48. A cows only 
manifestation of classical language "9. 
King of Troy, deposed to high life in 
France 50. Roman poet. not quite 
avid 53. Graphic symbol of Jesus 
(more Greek) 54. Extremities 
characterized by light fantastic quality 
(Milton, TAllegro") 55. Traditional 
clue: twice an en 56. French 
friend 58. Sylvan figure into the 
fire 59. Education through whid,! light 
shone on crosswords 60. Ritardando 
(abbr.) 62. New god, nO( sun god 64. 
Public relations (abbr.) 67. Senior 



Religious Functions 
MONDAY ..... DAY 
....... - Catholic Mass. Sponsored by the Catholic 
Communrty at UCSO. In the UnM!fsity Lutheran Churd1. 
MONDAY 
S... ..... - ~arn how to rely on God wring daily 
challenges. .... 11 are ~me to attend the Christian 

~e OrgarllzatJon ~Ing, Mondays at 5 pm in the 
ReIielIe Informal LDunge. 

' TUaDAY 
7 ....... - "How to DIscover Your Spintual GIlts, " led by 
Fr. Sob Noble, an Episcopal priest ~ to all, In the 
LDunge of the UWersity lutheran Churd1~ 
WRJNaDAY 
6100 .... - Studrnt ~ and Bible st~, sponsored 
by the wthefanCOfT1I1U1ityatUCSO. lnthe Lounge of the 
lk1iversIty Lutheran Churd1, 
7 ....... - Inter-Varsly Christian Fellowship: Come and 
join us for a time of singing, sharing. and sbJC:tylng God's 
IM)rd. This ~: ~ guest SjlQker MiKe Basler will 
talk on Christian ApoIogetia. E~ ~I In 
Cloud's Rest on Muir. 
....... - I..uthe'an Inquirers Seminar: "Experiencing 
god in the Cross and in the Sacraments." led by ~ 
Pastor.Johrl Huber. EveIycne ~.In the lDungeon 
the UMristy l.uIhI!ran Church I.... ,.. - Candlelight Mass. SponsorI!d by the 
Catholic Cornrrunity at UCSO. In the ~ of the 
l.kWersity Lutheran Churd1. 
tMMSDAY 
Noon - Come and join the l.Inion of kwistI Students In 
a tree planting and o-own bag on HlJIT1) in honor of 
Tu'bsuat. 

'MS .... - SWderlt Dinner. Sponsored by the Catholic 
Stuclent Coordinators. In the Catholic lDunge, LlnIllerSlty 
wtheran Church. Mnission S2. 
........ - Assignment U~ - the topic is abortion but 
the ramificatIOnS will shake all of socie!y ... .... 52 minute 
doaJ/(hma presenting both sides of the contrCMrSY. The 
ConclUSIon IS powerful and IS follolNed by a 10 rnnute talk 
\AtllCh takes the issues to the heart 01 the basIS for all 
ethical choice In modern SOCIety. Could be one of the most 
Important hOUrS 01 your education In M~He Aud. 
SAtuRDAy 
SIOO .... - CatholIC Mass. Sponsored by the Catholic 
Community at UCSO. In the ~I of the Lln/llerslt}' 
Lutheran Church. 
SUNDAY 
Il00. I .... _ - EpISCopal Church Worship ServIce: 

Su~ Eud1ar1St and Parish ~1owshIp. Good Samaritan 
EpIscopal Churdl 4321 Eastgate Mall Across ~ 
from east end of campus. north of La Jolla Village Dr. 
IntersectIOn of Eastgate Mall and ~. 
III. _ - CatholIC Mass. Sponsored by the CathOlIc 
Communrty at UCSO. In the l.JnM!rsity Lutheran Churd1. 
10l.I0 _ - Catholic Mass. Sponsored by the Catholic 
Community at UCSO. In the Scudent Center, Bldg. B. 
LDwer Level, Office of ~1i9'ous Affairs. 
" ... _ - Luthe'an Communion SeMce. In the chapel 
01 the l.JnIIIerslt}' wthe'an Church. 
SJOO ..... - CatholIC Mass. Sponsored by the CathOlIc 
Commul1lty at UCSO In the Unrversity Lutheran Churd1. 
7:00 ..... - EcumenICal seMCe for the Week of Pr¥r for 
Christian Unity, sponsored by the Catholic. Episcopal and 
wtheran campus rnnistrles at UCSD Open to all. In the 
chapel of the UnM!fSlly wtheran Church. 

Academic SeNices 
MONDAY-PRIDAY III. _l1. pili - SIGI System of Guidance and 
Information IS a computer-based program of career 
InformatIOn designed to help you clarify your values and 
occupational Interests For more Information, come to 
Career Planning & Placement In Hl 1058. 
1:10 ~: ...... - PAl Conferences - Don' t spend 
more time stUClylng than necessaryl Schedule a one-tcr 
:Jne PAl fpersonal assistance for learnll19) conference to 
streamline your studying. The con~ences will deal With 
your course materials concerns IIldudtng reading 
COfll)l'etlenSlon, memory control, lecture notetaklng, and 

te~t prepar atlOl1, as 'Nell as how to manage your time, 
handle stress, concentrate better. and overcome 
procrastination Sponsored by the OASIS Reading and 
Study Skills Center. In USB 4010 
l'UUDI"Y 
10100 _ - IntervIeWing Skills Workshop Do you need 
help In prepanng for .JOb Intervl~ . Some ups on the best 
ways to present )'OUr qualificatIOns and what kind of 
Interview questionS to expect. In the Revelle Formal 
LDunge 
10100 _ ~ - ~ure Notetaklng - I'v1 iJIIeragf! 
BAIB S program Will Include over 1,000 rours of lecture 
tlmel Will you ~ the most out of those hours7 ThIs 
workshop Will ImprO\l'e your "sterling abl"ty, deveop your 
notetaklng skills, and Introc1Jce the extraordinal)' mastery 
learnng system - a wlIf to ImprO\l'e your recall as It cuts 
down on SIU~ boredom. Sponsored by the OMIS 
Reading & Study Skills Center In TCHB '41. 
101»11&. _ - Law/MBI'\ AdvISing. Law Of MBI'\ 
school group adlllSing hours for arry questIOns concernrng 

The Weekly 
Calendar 

the appIk:ation process br law school or MBA programs, 
see the ~jManagement adlilSOf on an informal 
basis. No appointments necessary. but It IS adIIisabIe to 
ca. ftrst at 452-4939 It open hours are being held. In the 
Scudent Center, Bldg. A 
II ... _ - On-~lnteMeWll'l9 0nent.1t1Olt If 
you are interested In participating in the ~ 
irnMelNing thIS quarn!r. It IS mandatOl}' that you attend 
one of these orientations before you inteMeW. In the 

R~1e FormallDunge. 
-....1 ...... - ~ French Workshop is des9ll!d 
mainly ror sWderlts who ar~ writing papers Of other class 
assigrYnents in French. Students not working on specific 
papers, but wno IM)UId _ to perfKt their writing ability 
in French, are also~. The Workshop will olre' a 
lIlique opportunity for students to edit their own papers 
and seeII consrructiYe criticism from their peers. It wi. also 
prcMde clarification of grarnrTIiJI. mechania, and sentence 
and paragaph structure. Pre-writing discuSSIOnS. when 
necessary, will be conc1Jct4!d in French. Students may 
attend on r~1ar or occasional basIS. In USB 4070. 
I ............ - Drop-In Hours. For quick questions 
pertaining to career planning. job tulting, resume 
critiqueng. eotc. For more indillidJal attention sign-up or 
caM 452-3750 for an appointment IMth an i1!Msor. 
Tuesdirf-Friday in HL 1058. 
Z ... JIOO ,.. - ~ Q.A.SIS GM IGrammar & 
Mechanics) \IIoIlcshOp is desiQlled br studer1ts who 
INOUId like to work on clarifying basic gammatical 
concepts and catfgOries. and applying them In ~, 
systematic series of practicalexerdses.l'v1e1rfclse rnaroaI 
to be purchil5ed by the studerlt will be used. All work wiH 
be CDft1lIetrd in the context of the worItshop. In USB 
3OB. 
ZJJI-4IN .... - Drop-in acMsing in open session for 
Pre-Medol and Pre-OentaI students. No apPointment 
necessary, but It is acMsabIe to call 452-4939 Irst to 
confirm that the session WIll be held. ~alth Sdence 
AIMsoIy Program Career PIarYlIng & f'IaceIIynt Center, 
Student CMler, Bldg. A 

MDNaDAY 
... _ - On-Carnpus-Int~ng OrIentatIon. 1f)lOU 

ar~ rltffeted In plttJdpating in the ~ 
Intl!lWwlng tHs quarn!r. it Is rNndatcxy that)UU attend 
one of these orientatlons before you ~. In the 
IlM!Ir Formal lDunge. 
.... 1 .... _ - The OASIS GM IGrammar & 
MechanICs) WOrkshop Is deslQl1ed tlr students who 
WOUd like to work on darJfyIng basic g'alIII'I-.aI 
corupts and categOries, and ~ them in exter1SIYe, 
systematIC sene of pracbcaI exeroses.1'v1 exer~ manual 
to be purchas4!d by the student INIII be used. All work INIII 
be ~~ in the context of the workshop. In USB 
3OB. 
.... " ... _ - Dr~ln acMsIng in open se510n for 
Pre-Medical and Pre-Dr!ntal studerlts. No appointment 
necessary, but it IS acMsabIe to call 452--4939 Irst to 
conIIrm that. the session will be held. In the Student 
Center. Bldg. A 
10100 _ - Resume Wntlng Workshop. ~arn how to 
write an effectille fdume. Scart the process her~ then haI.oe 
your resu~ critiqued by a Career Planning & f'lacement 
acMsor. A must for cn-campusmteMelllling. In the Revelle 
FormallDunge. 
11100 _ - looking for that expenence that WIll help 
danfy your career deciSIOnS 7 Well. do an A S. Internship. 
The ASIO of'/ers internships In practICally every ~Id from 
Capitol HilI to SCriPPS Institute. Fore more info. llisrt our 
office atloIIe the garneroom In the Scudent Cerrter or 
attend our Info nlte on 1/26 7 pm In HL '402. 
ZI4»-JIOO ..... - Grac1Jate AdviSing Seminai' PlalYllng 
on gaduate school7 For Information on application 
proceciJres, letters of recommendation stat~nt ot 
purposes and admISSIOns cnteria, attend one ot these 
sernnars by sigrllng up at career Planning & Placement 
Center Student Center. Bldg . ..... 452-4939. 

Z ............. - Time Management - Do you haI.oe 
time to stu~, get good grades. exerose. and socJa"ze7 

~ wily 'Ne use time Deterrnnes how much W~ achleve 
and how XltISfylng our days are. If you're not getting 
enough out of your days. thIS workshop will show you 
how to take control of your ~~, plan successful study 
seSSIOnS. Include sooal and relaxation time, and get 
ttJrough the quarter WIthout the cramming frencyl 
Sponsored by the OASIS Reading and Scu~ Skills Center. 
In the Scudent Center, Bldg B cont. rm. 
4tOO pm -A mock law school class IMII be presented by 
Western Scate lXllverslt}' Law School. Sponsored by PlEA 
fPre-Law Education Assoc.) In the North Con~rence 
Room 
4100-7100 ..... - GRE Prep Course - This prep course 
for the Graduate Record Exam prCMdes a complete 
praaice exam for the aptitude test. as well as strategies for 
sconng well on the verbal, analytical reasoning, and math 
sectIOnS Information abOut applying to and getting 
accepted by graduate schools, pIuS stress reduction 
technIQUes Will also be presented. Sponsored by the 
()lOUIS Center and Career Planning and Placement In HSS 
112B. 
7:00 .... - For those Seeking en!!y to medical school In 
Fall, 1985. In IJ~ AUdItorium BSS 2100 
THURSDAY 
..... "100 _ - Speed ~adlng - CAlnng this rnn-
course. you can expect to at least double or Ulple your 
reading speed and learn how to change your reading rate 
to SUit your assignments. You INIII also learn actIVe r~ading 
technIQUes and 1ITlpr0\l'e bOttJ your concentration and 
ComprehenSion. Sponsored by the OASIS Reading & Study 
Skills Center In TCHB 141. 
1100 pili - On-Carnpus-Interviewlng Orlentatlon. lfyou 
are Interested III partlOpatlng In the on-campus 
IntervH!Wlng this quarter. It Is manclatOl}' that you attend 
one of these orientatIOns before you Interview. In the 
Revelle Formal Lounge. 
ZIOO pili - 'ntervleWlng Skills Workshop Do you need 
help In preparing for jOb Int~. Some tipS on the best 
wifys to present your qualificatIOns and what kind of 
InteMeW questlOl'lS to expect. In the Revelle Formal 
LDunge 
ZIOO .... - Techlng - A Career for You7 MCI}'tle you 
"-1't considered teaching before. mil)tle you should 
It's a changng and grOWing career flf!ldl In the North 
Conf. Rm/Stud. Ctr 
ZI4.4IOO ..... - Interested In the health professlOns7 
20 rnnutes prIVate appointments for career plarYllng 
acNlCe for students Interested In health careers. Call Wl 

aQ/ance for appointment. but roc earlier than one week. 
~alth Sciences AdIIIsory Program 452-4939. In the 
Scudent Cenh!r, Bldg. A 4100.... - Pre-Dental Ir*>rmation Session - For all 
students who wish to enter dental school In the Fall 0' 
1985. In the Student Center, Bldg. A ICPU). 
I'tIIDAY 
101»11 ... _ -Intffeted In the health profesions1 
20 rnrutes private ~lblletlb for career plaming 
acMcr for students irUrested In health careers. CaN In 
ad.Iance br appointment. but no earler than one week. 
Heath Science IvMsory ~am 452--4939. In the 
Studer1t Cenh!r, Bldg. A 
II .... _ - Resume WritIng WOrlcshop. Learn how to 
write an ~ resume. 5art the procrss here then hIrIIe 
)<lUI' resume CTItJquI!d by a CMeer "'-rilg & PIic.emer1t 
i1!Msor. A must br on-cat'I1lUS 1rUnMwing. In the ~ 

Formal~. 
I .... _ - Fincing the Hidden.Job Marlcet. IIO'IIt 01 all 

job vacandes ar~ unacMrtlsed. This WOItcshap \Nil teach 
you a WlIf to find out about them. In the ~ FontIII 
Lounge. 
....... " .... - Ac.adrmic Writrng In ~ 1!5 una 
rlUfIIa actMdIId del ~ dr ~ dr OASIS. La 
da5e esta disenada para estuclantft de arrsos avansados 
sub-graduados f"upp~r-dlvlslon ") que des~~n 

~ los etementos garnaticall!5, Wrtattico5. Y 
retorlcos del esparlOI con eI tin de proc1Jdr trabI!iOS 
ac.adernicos dr caIidid. ~T~" asig\ados en los 
dM!rsos arrsos dr espanoI seran tarnbien atendidos en 
I!5W taller. In USB 305aI. 

IA~Y 
1.-z.JO .... - Ocean Film SeriI!5 - Special ftlm 
showing to honor Maple Leaf Do¥- "In Seardl of the 
Bowt1Nd "",,*." ReNrdl film crew seetcs out and finds 
the bOwhed while. RIm rootagr of the IIIIJI!5tic rnonsIrr 
~ from heIicqlcrr and under WlUf. "Oceans 01 
Science." Projects on Canada's ~ seacoasts Illustrate 
intr9ling IIsherII!5 sclentHIc resNl'dl dIreaed towards 
restoration and protectIOn of tnarft ~. 

Entertainment 
1UUDAY 
7100 ,. - "OppresSIOn in the SovIet LInion" us. In P.H . 
"0. Free 
7",. - ' 'Betty Soop" & "Duck Soup". In USB 2722-
H~. . 
7110 ,. - Fr~ so..ng rtID\Iies by the UCSO Soaring 
CkIb. Come tJy ~ a Iittlf! bit dll'e'ent tns tme. In 
USB 2622. F~. 
... ,. - ~mance Forum. In MusIc Dept. H~. 
1NIIMDAY 
........ - ftlm"~ U~ .. ~s Crusade for 
Christ In MCA Free. 
.... DAy 
7 ... ,. - ...... Sense of LDst" CWO. In lU-I 107. Free. 
.... . I... .... -IIIth Irnrnatronal ToUl'l'lee of 
AnImation. UEO. In MCA AdmIssion S2. 
SATURDAY 
6110 .... - MovI~/POtluck DInner ~aturing ...... Man For 
All Seasons." Bring a main dish. salad. dessert, drinks or 
\AtlateYer else sounds good. In the Catt10Iic Lounge. 
Ur1I\IersI!y Lutheran Churdl. Sponsored by the Catholic 
Student Coordinators. Free. 
......... IZIOO _ - Musidan's Club Dance. At the 
CheCa~. Sl . 

Services/Workshops 
MONDAY~Y 
IIIICH100 ..... - OASIS Writing Center ~ 11ft 
selVice for aN UCSO sWderlts who need pre-writlll9 help, 

con~ences on (hits, and editKlQ illMce. W~ engage arry 
kind of writing and arry kind of writing problem. 
Con~ences ar~ by appointment only. E~ng 
appointments ar~ I1O\N also availabl~ in OASIS Third Place 
at Third College. IFor the full range of servk:es see back of 
FaN SchedJle). Call 452-2284 or come by USB 4010 to 
make an appointment This service is available throlJ!11OUt 
the quarter. 
9100 --'100. ..... - Grammar Moses Hotline. A 
grammar hotHne phone-in servic~ for help with ck.tlon, 
grammar and punctuatlOl'l problen1s. To readl Grammar 
Moses, call 452-2284 betllloftn the hours 019 am and 4 
pm Monday-Friday. Sponsored by the OASIS WritIng 
Cerlter. ServIcr available throughout the quartrr. 
WllDNISDAY 
ea .. 10100 _ - Re-ently Students' Support Group -
This group IS desl9fled for r~ry men and women 
undergradute students to haYe the opportunrty to shoire 
concerns related to their transition into the academic 
IM)rld. The group prOllldes a w"J to make contact WlttJ 
other older student in a caring environment. Led by 
MIriam I~I and ChriS Osterloh. Meets In Hl 1003. 
Scudents should call Becca at 452-3755 to slQll up. 
ANNOUNCM~ 

- The ZEBES r~ber Martin luther King on Ils 
birthday. 

Recreation 
1UBDAY 
7 ..... - T. a o-eak from school and tJy somect1Ing 
dillerent Fr~ inIroc1JctIon to gliders and SOIFIng 

~aturing exciting and IleiUdfullIQIIe. In USB 2622. 
7 ...... - Men's Basketball \/5. Soutnern caIIlbrnia 
College. In \tie ~ Idmi55ion Sl . 
MI .... - lJ'GO's soo.I Hour . .... very InfDrtnll geI-
together for the lesbian and ~ CIlImUIIty • UCSO . .... 
pliler to meet ottIer gIy people on cafI1)US. first 01 oJ 
week¥ soda! hIU . ., lCH8 MI. 
WlDNaDAY 
II ... _ZIOO .... -1tK CkIb/C1asse DIy. CaqIUS 
1tK. ~ ttr gym s~. Free. 
........ - 01Inesr MoJgk ClrOJs. UEO. In MeA 
AdmIssIon GA $10, UCSO FiK/SUIf/rJltrer It. 58, UCSO It. 
56. 
PlllMY 
....... - Men's tennis \IS. USlJ. On the Muir COI.f15 
.... ,.. .... - ''IUricanes". sea. In \tie PUb Palo. 
fffe. 

IA~Y 
"'" _ - Women's Tennis - FIrst ~1NItdl \IS. UI 
Verne. ~ the CCUII. = c.. - Men's swirl \IS. f'eppelcIr Ie. In !tie C¥¥Jf1 
...... - Women's bIIsketbaII \IS. 0cddentaI CoIIeg!. 
In \tie ~ SCudents $1. 

Lecture 
1UIIDAY 
... ... - Colloquium - ~' Professor Rt Hen. 
Norman Sf. .Jom:sre. B.P. \MIl spNk on "Are 
TNtctIerlsm Ind /IeagIrism D!ad7 Ccrspcnored ~ the 
lJteflbft, HIstory and I'bIItlcaI Scienc~ 0epar1merG. In 
TOiB 142. 
-., ..... - Do you want to know men mout 
secuaIIty and birth corcroI1lf so, cenci the birth CDntrOI 
lnbmItIon esIon on either T~ 01 WecfnesdIy. 
Both milt and III!maIe students .e weIaIme. Session Is 
stn:JngIy suggested b Women's Clinic patI!na and Cheir 
par1rWs. LecurI!l1e nf cIIcussion toma In !tie SIud!nt 
l-teIIIh SenIia!s, ~taIrs l':lunge area. 
..art •• DAY 
........ - ~I A ProIIesIor tom SouIhwI!5I2m 
school 0I101W \MIl br CXltICll<.tlng a modi law KhooI dais. 
COllIe find out wtwt law school wi. be IIceIIn the North 
Corl. Rm. 
.... ... - Colloquium - Regencs' Professor Rt Hen. 
Norman St ..bm Strvas MD. will spak on "OisraefI: A 
Fascinating IIgIn of the 19th Cencury". Co-sponsored ~ 
the Departments 01 Uter.rure, HIstory,I'bIItIcoJI SdI!nc~. 1n 
TCHB 142. 
411.1111 ..... -Amnesty InterNtional5llde show and 
~tlon/answt!f period put on ~ the IIKydIng Coop. In 
the North Confrrence Rm. 

Organizational 
Meetings 
MONDAY 
..... ,. - UCSO Pre-Dr!ntal Club Meets. In the ReIIeIIe 
Fortnll l.Ounge. 
....... - Recyding Coop Meeting and dinner . .... t the 
C~ CaIIr. 
....... -First meetingofSolliet LInion ~Group. At 
the Groundwork Books. 
, ..... - ABt ~ing of SoaaIist FemInIsm ~ 
Group . .... t the GrotJtXMork Books. 
Me ... - UCSO Intercollegiate C'led Cycling tNIII 
mandiItory meet~ for all those slgled for ICA 64 and 
anyone else Interested in ~eotlv! tyding. ln HSS 1138. 
'JUaDAY 
........ - Student Aflillates of the AmerICan ChemIcal 
SocIety meeting with speaaI tour of a lab led by a grad 
student following. UH 1000. 
.. 10 .... - F.-st meeting of Contemporary CriSIS Study 
Group. At the Groundwork Books. 
....... - First ~ing of From Marx to Marxism Study 
Group. M the Groundwork Books. 
'I. .... - ~ UCSO SoarIng Club Is hMng a 
membership drive ~aturing exciDng ITIOIIIes and other 
Information. Cheapest WlIf to ~arn to fly and very soJfe. All 
Interested persons ~. In USB 2622. 
Me .... - First meeting of lntroc1Jction to MarxISm-
Lrninlsm St~ Group. At the Groundwork Books 
11M .... - First ~Ing For Marxist EconomICS Study 
Group. At the Groundwork Books. 
........ - first meetmg of Theory of the CoIIeallle 

St~ Group. At the Groundwork Books. 
- Surf TNIIIls hiMng Its first meeting of the n!W)'NI'. All 

that INIsh to participate must be thef~. ~ will be 
orgcnzing our first contest on the VIoftkend coning up. In 
HSS 2305 
1HIIIIID"Y 
....... - The .... sian/l'aclfic Scudent AI~ance fNSA)1S 
having a General MeetIng. W~ are going to discuss 
memberships and elections to the Sceerlng Committee. 
COlIIt' find out what we are doing. See you ther~IA. Asian 
Paclftc Sludents welcome. In the Student Center Bldg. 8, 
conr. rm. 
... ..... - First meeting of Introc1Jction to CrltJcaI 
Theory Study Group. At the GroundIM:lrlc Books. 
7 .. ,.. - Organiz.1tJonal meeting for st~~oup on 
World Hunger. sq. up at Groundwortt Boon 
....... - First meeting for f'I!opW's Art. ~'s 
Culture Study Group. At the GrountMiOrk Books. 
P'MIMY 
I .. ,.. - Fwst meeting for COfI1IIUIIty OrgantZlng 
~ Group. At the GroundINork Books. 
... .... - First meeting for Inttoc1JalOll to Radical 
EconomICS Study Group. At the GrounQ.wrI( Books. 
....... - Come and join our glorious giIII1II1g group. It 
costs nothing. not ~ COll1l'l1lttment. We meet Fridays In 
N'M 2113 We play arry lnow rt* playing, game 


