


2 Monday, Oct. 29, 1984 

TGI Halloween! The AS Counctl has 
decided to celebrate the witches' eve 
with a TG. OnglnaUy scheduled to take 
place on Friday, the TG Will instead be 
on Halloween, Wednesday, 0 t. 31 . 

In addition to the usual beer and 
band, there will be a costume contest on 
the gym steps. 

D 
Dr. Stanley Chodorow, dean of Arts 

and Sciences, appealed to the AS 
Council last Wednesday for their 
cooperation in developing a repon on 
the University that will be submitted to 
the committee responSible for 
accrediting colleges. 

Chodorow said many employers and 
graduate schools will only accept 
diplomas from accredited universities. 

Every five years the Accreditation 
Committee of the Western Association 
of Schools and Colleges (WASC) sends a 
team to "check up on what we're doing," 
Chodorow said . "In 1981 we prepared a 
self-study that was quite perfunctory and 
was 40 pages," he said, adding that the 
committee was nOt pleased with the 
brevity of the repon. "Essentially, we gOt 
a tongue lashing," he said . 

Universities come up for 
reaccreditation every ten years . UCSD's 
llme IS up in 1986. According to 
Chodorow, the process will require the 
University to create a 600-page 
document describing "every aspect" of 
UCSD in detail. Already, three months 
have gone Into creating a 12-page table 
of contents. 

Chodorow said that the 20-person 
commillee will spend three days on 
campus asking questions of 
administrators, faculty and students to 
detennine whether or nOt UCSD will be 
reaccredited . The commmee will study 
and evaulate every academic depanment 
and organization and will doubtless 
provoke some disputes, according to 
Chodorow. "I hope we have some good 
fights ," he said. 

Because the committee has a 
standardized evaluation process, "They 
ask us the same questions that, for 
instance, they would ask Point Lorna 
College," said Chodorow. Because of 
this standardization, the evaulation 
process has apparently not been taken 
too seriously by the faculty and 
administration in the past. According to 
Chodorow, "We came very close to 
getting ourselves in trouble last time 
11981 J by telling them to take a walk," 
h£ said . 

The accreditation process is not all 
bad, however, according 10 Chodorow. 
"Information we generate to tell them, 
we want to tell ourselves," he said. The 
UniverSity self-study will be supponed 
by 200,000 pages of documents, 
Chodorow said. 

UC San Francisco and UC Santa 

Cruz are also up for reaccreditation in 
1986. 

D 
Three pumpkins stuffed With goodies 

will be hurled from the tOP of Tioga Hall 
this Wednesday at noon In celebration 
of Halloween. The annual Pumpkin 
Drop, modeled after Revelle's annual 
Watennelon Drop, traditionally involves 
the free tall of one huge pumpkin 
stuffed with candy and other Halloween 
treats. However, this year has seen a 
shonage of large pumpkins, so three 
smaller ones will be tossed instead. 

In addition to the usual assortment of 
sugary tidbits that will scaller on impact, 
there will also be discount coupons for 
MUir's new Sundry Store. 

D 
John Ross, Jr., MD, professor of 

medicine and head of the Division of 
Cardiology at the UCSD School of 
Medicine, has been named the first 
recipient of the San Diego County Hean 
Association Chair of Cardiovascular 
Research. 

The filling of the School of Medicine's 
second endowed chair was announced 
October 23 by Roben Petersdorf, MD, 
vice chancellor for health sciences at 
UCSD and dean of the School of 
Medicine. 

"Dr. Ross is a nationally prominent 
scientist who has played an imponant 
pan in buildmg one of the strongest 
cardiovascular research programs in the 
country here at UCSD," said Petersdorf. 
-ThiS honor recognizes Dr. Ross' 
dedication and professional stature and 
the great promise of his current 
research." 

Frank Radford, preSident of the San 
Diego COUnty Chapter of the American 
Hean Association, said, "The San Diego 
Chapter is honored to have Dr. John 
Ross named the first recipient of the 
Hean Association Chair in 
Cardiovascular Research. Dr. Ross' 
outstanding work in cardiovascular 
disease will assist the Hean Association 
in its mission of reducing premature 
death and disability from cardiovascular 
disease ." 

The chair was established In April of 
this year when the University of 
California Regents accepted an 
endowment of $250,000 from the local 
chapter of the American Hean 
Associallon . ThIS is the largest sum ever 
endowed by the chapter. 

." am grateful to the Hean Association 
for this honor," said Ross . "It is a very 
significant event in the long association 
between the Hean Association and the 
University, and I believe it wiu also do a 
great deal to funher research interest in 
the community." 

Ross' studies focus on the 
development of coronary disease , he an 
attack, and risk faclOrs related 10 hean 

~----------~----------~ 
~ 

"" 
, 

'tI" ".. ~ ~ ..... ,., I.r . I~ ~", I~ l. t..! FJ ~ f'll." 'f 
I I ~ II rl III' r· .. 1'0"" to.-

I' l1li 
I'" ~~T '1 "T 

.f I. IL 
!Ai i~l~ ~ 

I 

Cover: Studies have shown that most often those who 
abuse their pumpkins were once abused as pumpkins 
themselves. All right, this isn't the most serious social 
issue to sweep the campus lately, but pumpkin abuse will 
be a matter of discussion this Wednesday as the annual 
Pumpkin Drop comes to UCSD's Tioga Hall (see news 
brief this page). See also the Perspectives section for 
more All Hallows Eve tales. 
News: An in-depth breakdown of who makes up UCSD's 
enrollment, a look at the Faint Object Spectrograph and UCSD's 
role in an upcoming space shuttle mission, and State Senator 
Wadie Deddeh comes to campus to talk about the problems and 
prospects for peace between longtime foes Iran and Iraq. 

Opinions: 'The Duelist" on the dubious value of soap-box 
preaching, plus letters to the editor concerning a previous 
Guardian article, and Doonesbury. 

Perspectives: A definite Halloween flavor pervades today's 
section with articles on different perceptions of Disneyland and a 
perspective on a good 01' spook story. Also, a "writer's in look at 
Halloween and a disgustingly overanxious Saint Nick. 

Spons: Men's soccer captures a big one with an upset of the 
number-one team in Division Ill, the rivalry continues in 
volleyball, and a Triton trio will be honored this Friday. 

COVER PHOTO AND DESIGN BY JOHN ASHLEE 

disease. 
D 

The University of California's Los 
Alamos National Laboratory is evaluating 
what may be a major breakthrough in 
radioactive waste disposal in the form of 
a substance dubbed "Synroc." 

This substance shows promise as a 
material that could contain nuclear 
waste for tens of thousands of years, 
allowing radioactivity to decay to a 
reasonable level. Studies are underway at 
Los Alamos to detennine the 
effectiveness of Synroc as a means of 
incorporating radioactive waste products 
in a solid form which could safely be 
buried for up to a miUion years. 

One factor in considering the use of 
Synroc is its own susceptibility to 
radiation damage from the waste it is 
confining. Since experiments in "real 
time" would be impractical, researchers 
are substituting "fast" isotopes, or 
radioactive atoms, whose half-life ( time 
within which half of the radiation 
decays) is much shoner, allowing the 
process to be studied in less than a 
year. 

The synthetic rock, developed in 
Australia, consists of the minerals 
zirconolite , perovskite and hollandite . 

JOHN_1fCN. 
JOtfII ..... 00f 1lE(iIN, ElWIII\D 

IWJlI\ECMOND, I\lOl PEC:IM. 

AU have excellent durability, but 
zirconolite is most easily altered by 
radiation damage. 

When nuclear waste is incorporated 
into a ceramic material, the material 
may swell and crack, which could 
increase the chance of leaching should 
underground water come in contact 
with the waste. High fracture toughness 
means less possibility of cracking, and 
in the case of zirconolite, radiation 
damage increases fracture toughness. 

The explanation is that radiation 
gradually convens zirconolite from a 
crystalline fonn with an orderly atomic 
arrangement to a glassy fonn in which 
the atoms are disordered . Each time a 
radioactive decay "event" takes place, a 
tiny bit of the material becomes glassy. 
The mixed crystalline and glassy 
structure produces high fracture 
toughness, since cra.::ks have difficulty 
making their way through the damaged 
materiaL. 

Experimental results show that this 
toughened condition will .last for more 
than 100,000 years. Since waste 
radiation hazard drops to about one 
tenth of one percent in 10,000 years, 
zirconolite's toughened state would far 
outlast the period of greatest concern. 

- Scan WagsWI' 

STAFFWM"W, M8aru:ITEI'GHG, mWi FEfftST. JONoj ~~ RONA..,. ED'tfAfl.O ISIWL, 
K£U£Y Nf)L YEN 1Jt.YlOO 

...•.. ........ "' _" " _.4 .. _... . ...•...• _.. . ......... ___ h.. . . .. _ .... _ ..... -... _ .... .. _ ..... . 
PASlE·UP AAnsnc JOHN ~ PIIU. FAMtU. »iMON HCiOI. ~W)~. qu.RKm 
1\'PESE11'EN: JOE DaIlENO, .. fUM. WI ..... , ...... 1IU8. twa 1MCMt6 

MANAICiEPtSI ~ NUl HNCL 0IN0QC). flflIJ\ ~ 

Monday, 0(1. 29, J 98~ 3 

Part of a $ 750 million project 

UCSD develops spectrograph for space 
By SEAN WAGSTAFF, ASSOCiate News Editor 

U CSD ASTRONOMERS have built the most sophisticated spectro-graph of all time , designed to be 
carried into space as pan of NASA's 
space telescope by a space shuttle flight 
in June 1986. 

The $30-million-plus, phone bOOlh-
sized instrument, called the FaInt Object 
Specrrograph (FOS), will be capable of 
recording the radiation spectra of 
objects about 15 billion light years away, 
increasing man 's current view into the 
universe's past by about five billion 
yea rs. The space telescope will multiply 
the volume of space that man can see 
wi th Eanh-based telescopes by about 50 
times, with ten times better resolution, 
according to project heads E. Margaret 
Burbidge and Larry Randall, professors 
of astronomy at UCSD. 

According to Burbidge, who has 
served as preSident of the American 
Association for the Advancement of 
Science and was recently appointed by 
the UC Regents to the distingUished 
post o f UniverSity Professor, the FOS 
will be most useful in detecting the 
ultraviolet (UV) radiation emitted by 
celestial objects. UV radiation emitted in 
the Eanh's atmosphere prevents 
astronomers from making these 
observations from ground-based 
telescopes, she said. 

"We'll be able to see finer detail and 
get spectra in much finer detail than we 
can from the ground ," Burbidge said . 
"For example, we'll be looking for fine 

details in the centers of galaxies, 
especially X-ray sources. We think there 
are probably black holes in the centers 
of those objec ts and in quasars: she 
said . 

The 700-pound spectrograph will 
derect individual photons of light and 
record them as digital data that wiu be 
beamed to the Goodard Space Flight 
Center In Maryland . The data will 
subsequently be transmitted to UC 0 , 
where astronome rs WIll study it wi th the 
aid of computers. 

Randall , the deputy director of 
UCSD's Center for Astrophysics and 
Space SCiences, said the FOS is 
expected to be "the most used 
instrument" of the five detecting devices 
designed to process the light collected 
by the telescope's 2.4-meter lens. The 
entire package will weigh 12 tons and 
wi ll be the heaviest payload ever carried 
by a space shunle. 

By the time the telescope is actually 
se nt aloft, the nine-me mber team of 
UCSD scientists working on the project 
will have detailed plans of exactly what 
they want to use it for and will be 
allotted shces of the $750-miUion 
device's time with which to do their 
research. So far, research targets include 
such phenomena as black holes, 
quasars, comets, interstellar dust clouds, 
and the magnetiC fields of dwarf stars, 
according to Burbidge. 

Because of the unique power of the 
space telescope and its instruments, 

NASA issued a list 01 expecta tions for 
the project which calls for, among other 
things , "co nscious expectations of the 
unexpected ," RandaU said. 

Burbidge would not rule out the 

possibility of finding planets In nearby 
solar sy terns, but sa id that current 
expectations call for a planet orbiting 
even our nearest neighboring star to be 
some 200 times the size of Jupiter just 
to be detectable. 1m 

UCSD pmJessor E. Margaret Burbidge explains a moch-up oj the Faint Object Spectrogr:aph. 

EPSONTM QX-10 
STATE-OF-THE-ART ... SIMPLICI'I'Y 

Special Price includes: 
e VVord Processor 
e Electronic Mail 
e Address Book 
e Business Graphics 
eEasy to Understand Keyboard 
eEPSON RX-80 FIT Printer 

$199500 
SYSTEM PRICE 

See the. EPSON Computer 
~ Speak to Our EPSON Representative 
October 29th ~ 30th. 

UIlIVERSITY Ball liS Talll 
COAfPUiEll CENTER 

452-4291 



4 Monday, O<t 29, 1984 

n<efrfr<e]f~n<efrfr<e]f~ll®frfr<e]f~n®frfr®]f~ll®frfr®]f~ll®~fr®1f~ll®~fr®1f~ncefrfr®Ir~ll<efrfr<eIr~ll(f;frfr®Ir~n~frfr<e]f~n® 
fr®Ir~lettersn®frfr~Ir~n®ilit®1f~n®1rfr®1f~ll~frfr~]f~ ll®frfr®Ir~ll®frfrce]f~ll®frfr~Ir~n(f;frfrceIr~ll<efrfrc.elf~llc.efrfr® 
lf~n~frfr<E;1f~ll~frfr<e]f~n®frfr®1f~n®frtt®Ir~ll~\tli:~Ir~ ll®frfr®li~n®frfr®li~n®ilit®]f~nc.efrfrc.eIr~n®frfr®Ir~nceilircelf 
n®frfr®]f~ll~frfr®1f~n®frfr®]f~ll®frfr®Jf~n®frtt®Ir~ll®frR~li~ll®frfr®Ir~n®frfr®Ir~ll®frfr®Irn®frfr<e]f~n®frfr<e]fn®fr 
AS Council input 
Editor. 

We on the Associated tudents 
Council of UCSD would like to express 
our discontent with and disapproval o f 
the a rticle written by Stephonie Kneger. 

We feel that the editors of the 
Guardtan , in c hoosing to pnnt an article 
dep icting a negative image of a 
particular subculture, showed poor 
editorial judgement and a lack of SOCial 
responsibility. The author c hose as a 
subject a minority group that has 
historically suffered grave oppression as 
weU as ostracism; the result was not to 
raise an "interesting" issue , but rathe r to 
perpetuate an untrue and negative 
stereotype. We beheve that the press 
has a responSibility to prese nt all views. 
However, presenting information which 
perpetuates stereotypes reinforces 
ignorance, stifles social awareness and 
hmders the acceptance of society for aU 
its members. 

W e consider the printing of this 
article an inJustl ce [0 [he social 
consciences of the students at UCSD 
and would hope that in the future the 
edi tori al staff of the Guardian , realiZing 
the power they possess in being a 
prominent media on the campus of 
UCSD, would be conSCiously aware of 
the effects of their newspaper and [ts 
contents. Also , we feel that m order to 
compensate for the lack o f a more 
accurate image, the Guardtan should 
contact 'the other side of the story ," and 
give them comparable space for an 
article. By making this effort, the 
Guardian shaU be able to offer a less 
biased presentation and to reinstate our 
faith In the most widely c irculated paper 
on the UCSD campus. 

The Associated Students of UCSD 

Ending misconceptions 
Editor. 

I was astonished to find that 
' Stephanie" was writing about a friend 
of mine. I've known "Meg" for quite 
some time, so "Stephanie 's" 
fictionalization and obvious stereotypical 
image of "Meg" was immediately 
apparent to me. I am angry that people 
like "Steph" insist upon propogating the 
"lesbian butch" portrayal , especially 
when it is done With intentional 
ignorance: "The capacity of the human 
mind to resist the inrrusion of new 
knowledge is infinite ." 

If "Stephanie" had opened her mind 
that quaner (isn 't that why we are in 
coUege?) enough to attend the Non-
Sexist Dance o r at least discover what it 
meant to "Meg," her Story would have 
been very different. I had the 
opportunity to go for the first time twO 
years ago; at the time I did it as a favor 
to myself and to my best friend who 
had just ' come out" to me. I needed to 
understand more about him because it 
was important to him. That's love, 
'Steph ," and for that you don't need 
birth control. 

I admit I was frightened before I 
went; I shared the same misconceptions . 
What I saw there , however, both 
surprised and delighted me: the lesbians 
and gays I met were normal people like 
me. They ~re people with whom I 
worked, lived and attended classes. 
They respected me and my sexuality, 
and they accepted me for who I was. 
Sharon ("Meg") was one of them . I 
learned a 101 about respect, truSt and 

love that night, and I have some 
beautiful fnendships to show for it. 
( Platonic friendships are love without 
sex, ·Steph ." They are also possible with 
heterosexual members of the opposite 
sex, but It requires more maturity than 
you exhibit.) 

.. tcphanie" neve r accepted Sha ron: 
she rejected Sharon for what s he 
fantasized "Meg" was. I challenge 
.. tephanic" to grow as a person , to be 
fa ir to herself and to people like Sharon: 
real people with real feelings. UCSD is a 
place to learn about me world . Be brave 
and open up . There's a whole universe 
outside your dorm room fantasies: take 
the time to discover it. Have the courage 
to seek the truth before you pass 
Judgement . 

Anne M. Duddy 

Portrayal out of character 
Editor. 

ThIS letter is directed to the woman 
using the pseudonym "Stephonle 
Krieger." I was appalled by your lack of 
tact in yo ur article , It didn't take me 

further than the first column to figure 
out exactly who "Meg" is. I know her 
well enough to know that the hostility 
toward straights that you describe is 
totally out of character. Far from a one-
dimensional "tough dyke" stereotype, 
she is a friendly, sensitive person who 
precisely fits the physical description 
you gave , Even were your account 100% 
true, it would not be the business of 
13,000 students; it was c rass to disguise 
"Meg's' identity so thinly. A person who 
knew her only slightly could cenai nly 
frgure It OUt from the excess of highly 
individual details, and would not know 
that the events of the story are only 
partially accurate . In fact, you identify 
her so clearly that it seems that you are 
trying either to send her a message or to 
embarrass her. The piece sounds very 
forced if some such purpose is not 
assumed , as most of the details (such as 
the purple sneakers) add nothing to 
Story, the point of whIch is itself 
unclear, Although I can't imagine the 
real Victim of your apocryphal slander 
actually saying i[ , you are a bllCh , or at 
least inconsiderate. I urge the Guardian 
to balance poetic license with discretion 

in publishing journalistically 
unprofessional personal attacks. 

Do AS you say 
Editor. 

Rachel Freifelder 

Last Wednesday, the AS Cuuncil 
passed a letter of condemnation 
sponsored by Third College Rep , Micki 
Archuleta denounCing the Guardian 
article which appeared In the October 
22 issue. 

It is a n individual's or institution'S 
right and obligation to speak out against 
stereotypes and oppression where it 
eXIsts. The AS letter IS a good first step, 
however, the AS should do more . 

The AS Council should pull their ads 
from the Guardian to solidify their 
pOSition. This action will show the AS 
CounCil is not Just paying lip service to 
their beliefs. The Council is really 
contradicting itself on this issue. They 
alloted over $800 of student funds to 
the conservative, anti-homosexual 
California Review, and then they turned 
around and paid lip service to pro-

homosexual preference by writing their 
letter. To be conSistent, the AS Council 
should pull their ads from the Guardian 
to show their displeasure with the 
article , and firm up their philosophy, 

B. P. Monon 

Stick to the truth 
Editor: 

I'm writing in response to Stephonle 
Krieger's anicle. I am outraged at Ms. 
Krieger's inaccurate stOrytelling and 
perpetuating of stereotypes. For staners, 
Sharon Moxon, (Meg in her story) does 
not own a black leather jacket, she does 
not wear chains around her neck, she 
does not have a crew cut hair style, nor 
does she clean her fingernails with a 
pocket knife, I would like to know why 
Krieger felt the need to "beef up' her 
story by adding that in? Why did she 
feel she had [0 add in her fictionalized 
ending about Moxon siuing In the back 
of class calling her "bitch?" Furthermore, 
Russell Lewis aoe In her story) has 
never had a class with Sharon. 

As I work towards gay rights and 
non-stereotypical Images or gay students 

on this campus, I think that it is 
irresponsible of Krieger and the 
Guardian to print such a story. I ask 
you, Stephonie, wasn 't the truth good 
enough? 

Kevin Ward 
LAGO Co-Chair 

Gay stereotype unacceptable 
Editor: 

I am appalled. The Perspectives article 
is truly detrimental to acceptance of 
gays in this world . As a lesbian, I am 
insulted that the Guardian would print 
such a blatant stereotype of gay women. 
For those people who know gays, it may 
be a cute or funny portrayal , but for the 
uneducated masses, this kind of fiction 
only perpetuates the image of aU 
lesbians being "butch" and only after 
straight women's bodies. I therefore call 
on you at the Guardian to use better 
editorial sense in what you print. 

I mean, would you print an article (or 
story) about an ignorant black student, 
smiling and shuffiing in class while they 
casually eat their watermelon? And if 
you must print such fiction , at least 
print as disclaimer or explanation that 
this is only a stereotype, As for me 
personally, an apology would be nice, 
and if you are interested in finding out 
at least one lesbian's true views on 
acceptance of and being accepted by 
straights, I am more than willing to do 
an interview. 

Sharon Chandler 

What does gay look like? 
Editor: 

I am writing you concerning the 
article written by Stephonie Krieger. 

I do not deny the fact that lesbians 
such as the one described by Ms. 
Krieger and illustrated by Mr. Plonka do 
exist. However, I think that it should be 
pointed out that this representation was 
1101 that of a typical lesbian . "Meg" was 
very masculine-looking in dress as well 
as in looks and, because she "let her 
eyes travel slowly down the length of. . . 
[Stephonie'sl body," came across as 
being somewhat of a sex-crazed animal, 
I feel that such deSCriptiOns only serve 
to frighten the "straight" population and 
can lead to homophobia and all of its 
problems; society's attempt to accept 
minorities is thwarted by the evils of 
stereotyping. 

While lesbians, on the whole, 
generally wear less make-up than do 
"straight" women, I have found that 
their looks and dress mirror that o[ the 
"straight" population; some "straight" 
women have short hair and wear leather 
and some lesbians have soft, long curls 
and wear lace. When people find out 
that I am a lesbian their usual response 
is, "But, you don't look gay," My reply to 
this is always the question, "But, what 
does 'gay' look like?" 
• Gay does not look like anything. 

Being gay does not equate being a sex-
crazed animal either. When looking at 
"straight" women or at women who's 
sexuality is unknown to me I do not let 
my "eyes travel" any more than would a 
genteel and polite man, if that much, 
since I am strongly aware of and afraid 
of offending anyone. I feel that these are 
significant and important points which 
should be made and I hope that you 
will print my letter. 

Micld Archuleta 

ll(f;{tfr~]f~llcefrfr(f;]f~ll~llit<e]f~ll~frfrceIr~ll®frfr®]f~n®~fr~Jj~ll®~fr®Ir~n®frfr®Ir~ll®frfr®lf~ll<efrfr®Ir~llcefrfr<elf~n~ frceIr$lettersllcettfrce]f~llcellit®Jj~ll®1rfr®fi"~ ll®frlt®Ir~n®frfr®Ir~n®frfr®rr~n®frfrcelf~llcefrfr(f;Ir~ll®frfrce;Ir~ncefrfr~. 1f~ll<efrfrCE;]f~llcefrfrcelf~ll®frfr®li~n®frtt®1f~ll~ltlc~rr~ ll®tttt®1f~n®frfr®Ir~n®frfr<eIr~ll®frfr(f;lf~llcettfr®Ir~nceilircelf llcefrfr®!f~ll®frf(®!f~n®till®fi"$)ll®frfr®Jf~ll®frtt®Jf~ll®frLt~Jf~n 0 frfr®Ir~ll®frfr®Ir~ll®frfr®]fll®frfr®Ir~ll®frfr®lfn~l1 
No on neon 
Editor: 

The plan for UCSD to Install a neon 
"sculpture" of the Seven Deadly Sins and 
Seven Virtues atop the Mandell Weiss 
Center is absolutely ridiculous and In 
terribly poor taste . The 4-by-5 foot 
letters will ring the top of the buildings 
and will flash bright neon messages like 
"PRUDENCE," "LUST," and 
"GLUTTONY." Our cilmpus is quite far 
from the strip in Vegas, and Hollywood 
IS just far enough so we don't have to 
smell it. So why would UCSD spend 
$150,000 on a piece of unneeded and 
unwanted junk and smell up our 
campus with it? Because people like 
Mary Beebe, Director of the Stuart 
Collection of Sculpture, consider this 
thing the "best piece so far, a world-
class work!" Even a novice art lover like 
myself can discern between a handsome 
piece of art and an eyesore. This 
"sculpture ," Ms. Beebe, is an eyesore! 
Fellow students, please call or write to 
Patricia Collum, UCSD's principal 
planner, and teU her you oppose this 
project! Please. 

Milt Zweig 

Beebe clarifies position 
Editor: 

Edward Israel's article on the Bruce 
Nauman proposal for the Stuan 
Collection contains a very serious 
misrepresentation of my attitude toward 
the Alexander Lieberman sculpture at 
the Naiman Company. Lieberman is a 
highly respected artist and I have on 
numerous occasions publicaUy extolled 
Jack Naiman for its presence. I did say 
that the way it and the building are lit, 
which makes it marvelously visible at 
night, probably produces more "voltage" 
than the Nauman would. I have always 
been amused and delighted by its 
shape. 

The commitment to buy art and place 
it publically can only be admired and 
praised. The Lieberman is a significant 
and very positive contribution to the 

whole community. 
The article also neglects to pOint out 

that the Nauman proposal for the 
campus is in the very preliminary 
stages. We have not yet begun the 
revIew process of public meetings and 
an environmental impact repon. The 
Chancellor will consider all comments 
and concerns and IS not likely to make 
a decision until well after the first of the 
year. 

Mary L. Beebe 
Director, Stuart Collection 

We can still be friends 
Editor: 

I would like to make a few comments 
regarding the Blackhorse Farms 
development as a UCSD student. I 
attended the City Council hearing at 
which the issue was debated and came 
away With the feeling that both sides 
had missed something. 

First of all, Mark Boroditsky was 
correct in his assertion that UCSD 
students are consiclered second class 
citizens by the poeple of La Jolla. The 
callous, uncaring attitude o[ the local 
politicians was shocking. We as 
students must be more forceful in 
demanding that our views be heard in 
such local issues, and we must express 
out satisfaction or dissatisfaction at the 
ballot box. 

On the other hand, the Blackhorse 
Farms development as it was proposed 
had major problems. The developers 
made ridiculously low estimates of the 
traffic and congestion problems that the 
development would have created. This 
is understandably what upset the local 
neighborhood so much. Nowhere in the 
plan was there a guarantee that the 
commercial center would not become 
just another set of chain bookshops, 
department stores, boutiques and 
trendy, expensive restaurants, which is 
what makes the La JoUa Village Square 
such a useless place for students. The 
development wouldn't have been as 

When it ...... out )QI \WIll 11M to. 
TIle .......................... ,. ........ .., 
.. S .... er ........ S.ecillb ........... ...... 
.., ..... ' ' ...... CI_1t. .'.h ...... ,..., ..... 
.. C8ItIMe ..., fWtrdIJ ,as 1M, A dIeiee .... 11 
.......... AM .... " .. ",,.. ........... ..., 
.......... _ ... ... 

,.. .......... .... 
....... ,.. ... 
=' ..... - ... ... 
... 'e" .... fttlle 1HE ........ oru.. .... ,., 

accessible to the University community 
as the developers claims, as one would 
have had 10 cross a six-lane road 10 get 
to it. 

When Chancellor Atkinson made his 
presentation to the Cl{Y Council , I 
didn't get the impression that he had 
any kind of a long-term plan for the 
development of UCSD. His suppon for 
the project seemed based on the 
prospects for a large financial gain 
which the University stOod to reap from 
the development as it was proposed. 

COSTUME 
SALE 

The Blackhorse Farms project seemed to 
be pan of the unplanned, unconrroled 
growth which has caused UCSD and 
San Diego so many problems. 

There is lots of open land around 
UCSD, owned by the University. Surely, 
if we need this kind o[ development, 
which I believe we do, we can find 
another place for it. We can make it a 
pan of a larger plan for the future of 
UCSD, and not alienate our neighbors at 
the same time. 

Frederick Bingham 

HUGH 
LIQUIDA TION* 

Terrific Prices! 
Great American Coetumes 

627 8th Ave. 
No Phone Calls Please 

The home t e 
3~¢ halllburger. 

MCVtwJItIjm &£/otI, 
7 J 40 Miramar Rd. San Diego 

lL_ .... !!!!!!!~!!!!!!!!! !!!!!! !!!!!!!!!-_!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! __ !!!!!! 
Buy one Big Mad .... 2.,...~ ... 

GET ONE 
fREE 

10 .. ' ph .... l ·llf dll .... "IUI""l 
"fw ll hu~ 1II ).! . 1 nit.: Mol l .111.1 
\ 1111 ' 11 ~~' I ,IIH,llh ' r 1\1)..: J\ .. th 
fr. I" I t llill Hlh ' '-" UI" III I ' , 
\ U , II Il l h r . 1'." \ "If 1'1. .• ,,, 

I 'f, ' , ' I If \ I '111 " 'II \\ I" 11 
" f . l\ ri n~ :"J , .I \,Ihl 

Only at: 
7140 Miramar Rd. 

San Di~1CO 



6 Monday, Od . 29, 1984 

~The Duelist 
To ponder, to provoke or to preach? 
By CHRISTOPHER CANOlE 

"The Duelist's cutting remarks are Just 
pontificating ramblings a ttacking other 
people for nor being perfect." 

This penetrating thrust against my 
verbal fencing came nor from one of 
UCSD's left- or nght-wing publications 
that claim I am a fanatic of the 
pompous opposing wing. Unexpectedly, 
the attack was delivered by one of my 
fellow editors while my guard was down 
during the Guardian's editorial meeting 
rwo weeks ago . The purpose of these 
meetings IS to analyze and suggest 
improvements 10 the form and content 
of what is published. As I slOod 
wounded and defenseless, anOlher 
editor stepped in to make the point that 
since the Duelist was in the Opinions 
section I had every right to express my 
Viewpoints. 

That ended the confrontation , but the 
wound remained open. My reaction was 
to withdraw my column and discontinue 
dueling while I reevaluated the lOtent 
and technique of writing for the 
Opinions section. 

What is the purpose or value of 

writing lo r, or even haVing, an Optnion 
section in a newspaper? Being a 
nonpartisan campus publication , three-
fourths of the wrlt1ngs in the Opinions 
section come from the ampus 
communiry outside the Guardian staff. 
Therefore , what is printed is intended 
as an open lorum for all viewpoi nts. But 
printing what is submi tted may only be 
an mdlcatOr of one student's 
"pontificating rambhngs attackmg orher 
people for nor bemg perfect." 

An Opinion's anicle or letter 10 the 
editOr is usually a call for what we could 
do, what we should do or what we must 
do here at UCSD. The reader sees this 
as the writer's desire to ponder, provoke 
or preach an issue. 

Exuberant, committed writers 
Involved with the national presidential 
elections and highly polarized 
controversies dealing with Blackhorse 
Farms, AS council fundi ng, a flashing 
neon sculpture atOp the Mandell Weiss 
Theater and an altemative media lawsuit 
seem to feci all that is necessary is to 
teli orher students what they "must" do. 

The toughest job 
you'll ever love 

We admit it. It takes a dif-
ferent kind of person to be a Peace 
Corps volunteer. 

We won't mislead you with 
glowing pictures of exotic land . The 
hours as a volunteer are long. The 
pay is modest. And the frustration 
sometimes seem overwhelming. But 
the satisfaction and rewards are im-
mense. You'll be immersed in a new 
culture, become fluent in a new 
language, and learn far more about 
the third world - and yourself -
than you ever expected. 

You'll also discover that prog-
ress brought abou t by Peace Corps 
volunteers is visiiJ; ... ~ '1d measurable: 
Such as health clinics e~ ,.' '''lished in 
the Philippines: :'. ~o ll-"'~' ~ r fis h 
ponds conw' _ted in Kenya; roads 
and schoob and irrigation systems 
built in Upper Volta; tens of thou-
sands of people given essential ski lls 
in farmjng, nutrition, the ski lled 

trades, business, forestry, and other 
specialties throughout the develop-
ing world, 

Being a volunteer isn't for 
everyone, and it isn't easy, but to the 
people of the developing nations 
who have never before had basic 
healt h care or enough [0 eat, the 
Peace Corps brings a message of 
hope and cha nge. 

We invite you to look into the 
volunteer opportunities beginning in 
the next 3-12 month in Africa, 
Asia, Latin America, and the Pa-
cific. Our represen tatives will be 
pleased to provide you with details. 

PEACE 
CORPS 

INFORMATION TABLE: Oct. 30th and 31st, (rom 
10:00 a.m. to 3:00 p.m., on the UCSD "Hump". 

FILMS: Ocr. 30th and 31st, at 10:00 a.m ., noon and 
2:00 p.m., in the North Conference Room. 

ON-CAMPUS INTERVIEWS: Novemb .. r I st and 2nd . 
Applications are available in the Career Planning and 
Placem.:nt Offic.: (an application must b" complt:ted 
before the interview). 

SPECIAL INTERESTS IN: Scknce, math, French, 
and Spanish . 

APPL Y NOW! (or programs bel!inninl! in January or July! 
FOR MORE INFORMATION: Call (2 13) 209·7444. 

This is the quickest way to ensure the 
reade r will respond by not panicipating 
In an issue or eve n becoming an activist 
against the writer'S pOSition . 

This is nOt to say a committed and 
concemed individual produces only 
righteous rhetoric. Often one's intention 
to chaUenge the reader or open an issue 
for debate becomes distorted into 
preaching because a writer neglects to 
include more vital information or to take 
into account the reader's response to 
the writing style. An informed subjective 
Viewpoint has more potential to 
influence other students than righteous 
rambling rumors. But constructive 
commentary can fall on deaf ears when 
the writer tries to be too familia r or 
distant with the reader. 

Catch phrases like "I'm sure I speak 
for all students," ··How can you not see 
the obvious?" "r rust me when I tell you I 
know what I am saying" or "You have 
no idea what it is like" manage only to 
snare remarks like "Who does this 
pompous ass think he is talking to?" 

Indeed who am I talking with as the 

Advertise in 

Duelist? Who are you talking with as 
writers to the Opinion section? Are we 
communicating at ail? Let us step down 
from our high and mighty pulpits and 
duel each other with our feet on the 
ground . 

.', ..... ". 
" '!. ... '#, ~~', •• " 
, ',. 

,\,: ~I 
'. ", . \0' ~ _.:. '" .. ' :", ., 

. '.. • i".. 

The 
Guardian 

PIIEMIIATION FOil: 

GMAT· LSAT. GRE 
S:ln Diego Center 
2180 Gamet al 

R:x:lft: Bea::h. CA 92109 
(619)27()'6810 

M.L rvt:N.J1y • .AdmhlstJalor 

fW 

••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

COPY f COVE &JoIIa 
*QUALITY XEROX COPIES 

* TYPESETTING/GRAPHICS • 
*QUALITY OFFSET PRINTING 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

* RILL COlOR XEROX COPIES 
*BUSINESS CARDS 
* ENLARGEMENTS 
* REDUCTIONS 
* ADDRESS lABELS 
*TRANSPARENCIES 
*NCR FORMS 
*EMlELOPES 

* COLLATING 
* lAMINATING 
*BINDtNG 
*FOLDtNG 
*CUlTING 
*PAOOfNG 
* DRILLING 

ONE STOP PRINTING CENTER 
OPEN: mon-Irl 7:30 to 6:00 sot 9:00 to 5:00 

456-24144 
701 P..rl $I w "'-II. 

(~ of Dial*' • 1iMrt) 

1~ Student Discount with this ad 
• 
................................... 

Treats For 
the Sweet 

Treat someone nice to a 
pumpkin full of home-baked 

goodies this Halloween. 
$lO.00/ Pumpkin 

Pick up or delivered. 
($1.50 delivery charge). 

To order call 4S3-Z813. 

• 

. ,~ .. , 

Monday, Oct. 29, 1981 7 

Statistics show UCSD enrollment trends 
By UlYS McCOY 

T HE OFACE OF ADMISSIONS and the Registrar announced that UCSD has enrolled a record of 
14,303 students with 11 ,700 
undergraduates and 2,603 graduates. 
This number is 633 over last year's 
student enrollment. 

The fact that engineering students 
may now apply to several UC campuses 
is a main reason for this year's record 
enrollment, according to Registrar 
Ronald Bowker. "Engineering is 
impacted [at most UC schoolsl . So 
instead of requiring students to apply to 
just one of the campuses and not get in 
at all, they can apply to more than one 
school and improve their chances." 

UCSD received over 700 multiple 
applicatiOns. "We couldn't really tell how 
many of those people who applied to 
more than one UC campus would have 
applied here if multiple applications 
weren't allowed," said Bowker. 'This 
notion of multiple applications is being 
considered for other popular majors, as 
well." 

Muir College has the highest number 
of students with 3,447 enrolled. Warren 
is second with 2,914 and Revelle is 
third in total numbers, 2,812, although it 
is second in numbers of applicants . 
Third College is lowest with 2,527. 

On the undergraduate level men 
outnumber women by over 1,000 and 
on the graduate level by 500. At Scripps 
Institution of Oceanography there are 
three men for every woman, and at the 
Medical School the ratio is rwo to one 
in favor of the males. There are 17 
women in the Nurse Practitioner 
Program. 

The most popular choice among 
undergraduate women is Muir College 
which has 51 % of the UCSD female 
population. At Revelle, the percentage 
breakdown is equal to the General 
University, with 55% men and 45% 
women. 

Third College's ratio is slightly more 
uneven, with 56% men and 44% 
women, but the widest gap is found in 
Warren College with 60% men to 40% 
women. 

Engineering is undoubtedly the most 
popular major at UCSD for both 
undergraduates and graduates. The rwo 
engineering majors on campus, AMES 
and EECS, boast 3,078 undergraduate 
enrollees and 322 graduate students. 

The largest single departmental major, 
biology, is the second most popular field 
for undergraduates, and for graduate 
students oceanography is a distant 
second to engineer. 

Aside from these popular areas of 
study, Other preferred majors include 
economics, with 794 students, 468 men 
and 326 women; communications with 

626 students, 188 men and 438 women; 
psychology with 584 students, 205 men 
and 379 women; and political science 
with 329 students, 201 men and 191 
women. 

The most popular undergraduate 
major for women is biology, which also 
has the most balanced male to female 
ratio of students enrolled: 1,233 men 
and 1,232 women. 

COLLEGE 
Muir College 
Revelle College 
Th ird College 
Warren College 
Graduate Schools 
SID 
Medical School 
Nurse Pract. 

YEAR IN SCHOOL 
Freshmen 
Sophomores 
Juniors 
Seniors 
Graduates 
All Students 

"I'm pleased to say that the number of 
underrepresented minorities and that 
the number of all minorities has 
increased this year over last year," said 
Vice ChanceUor Joseph Watson. 

According to Watson UCSD is 
pursuing a vigorous recruitment program 
to encourage minority students to attend 
UCSD and to remain here. 

The Education Opponunity Plan 

MEN WOMEN TOTAL 
1695 1752 3447 
1545 1267 2812 
1413 1114 2527 
1751 1163 2914 
990 483 1473 
139 49 184 
349 153 502 
0 17 17 

MEN WOMEN TOTAL 
2061 1830 3891 
1287 1107 2394 
1429 1180 2609 
1570 1100 2670 
1478 698 2176 
7882 5994 13876 

T:its UCSD enrollment by college/graduatE school. Above: Breakdown of 
enro eDt by class nL Below. UDdezpaduale enrollment in each major for 
alCh clus ~l (colWDDI repraent men, women, aDd lOCal, respectively, for 
alCh clus l~l). All o.ures are from the faJll984 ~ Rqpsaacion Repon. 

The most popular undergraduate 
major for men is EECS, but it has one of 
the least balanced male to female ratios, 
with 1,574 men and 481 women. Majors 
with lower enrollment include drama, 
with 85 students; anthropology, with 71 
students; music, with 69; and 
philosophy, with 53 students. 

There are 1,581 undeclared students, 
with the majority of them indecisive 
freshmen. 

According to a study on the ethnicity 
of students, there are 3,535 minority 
students attending UCSD, with almost 
one-third attending Third College. 

These numbers, however, are only 
estimates. because not all students, 
minority or other, choose to reveal their 
ethnic background when they registered , 
because providing such information is 
optional. This year, 1,110 stude illS 
c hose not to indicate their ethmc origin. 

(EOP) is one of the programs, 
encouraging minority students and 
lower-income students to anend UCSD. 
According to Russell Murphy, the 
outreach officer and coordinator, ·We 
are in the business of seeing that 
students get the information they need 
so that they can have the opponuni ty to 
go to college." 

Among EOP's projects are 
publications and posters se nt to high 
schools outlining what UCSD has to 
offer minorities and emphasizing the 
Uniersity's commitment to Student 
Affirmative Action. Welcoming dinners, 
college fairs and individual comact with 
high school seniors are some of the 
outreach efforts the EOP has initiated . 
EOP staff members also give extensive 
counseling and individual assistance to 
students enrolled in the program. 

With this recent surge in numbers. 

TOTAL UNDERGRADS FRESHMEN SOPHOMORES JUNlORS SENIORS 
AMES 232 94 326 141 53 194 168 64 232 209 62 
Anthropology 2 1 3 4 10 14 11 11 22 12 20 
Biology 419 443 862 273 294 567 264 271 535 277 224 
Chemistry 25 24 . 49 24 17 41 31 17 48 58 32 
Communication 43 109 152 39 85 124 58 144 202 48 100 
Drama 10 10 20 7 8 15 13 11 24 11 15 
Economics 97 72 169 273 294 567 264 '271 535 123 87 
EE/ CS 525 176 701 319 116 435 312 92 404 418 97 
History 15 8 23 14 10 24 22 19 41 23 28 
Literature 21 50 71 10 33 43 28 67 95 30 77 
Mathematics 38 44 82 40 32 72 66 48 114 42 46 
Music 12 8 20 3 1 4 9 6 15 19 11 
Poli Sci 53 34 87 42 52 94 47 65 112 59 40 
Psychology 41 118 159 32 76 108 70 89 159 62 96 
Sociology 2 7 9 6 20 26 9 52 61 13 31 
Visual Ans 11 9 20 8 12 20 16 22 38 22 24 
Undeclared 462 610 1072 168 194 362 69 54 123 11 13 

the problem of spa\:e at UCSD is 
becoming more evident; especially that 
in academic buildings, housing, and 
parking. 

"The number of buildings is not 
keeping up with the number of 
students, but many projects are being 
considered," said Vice Chancellor 
WatsOn. 

According to Beverly Nuckles, the 
principal planner working on the issue 
of parking needs, the campus 
administration is planning on 
"incrementally increasing" the amount of 
parking. 

"We're going to add spaces every year 
with hopes of eventually building 
parking stuructures," said Nuckles. "A lot 
depends on how much we grow. If we 
grow fast, receive more revenue from 
parking permits , and build up more 
reserve, we would be able to begin 
construction in four to five years. A new 
surface lor, just north of the Extension 
Building, is scheduled for cOnstruction 
this year." 

"Housing availability is also being 
affected by the recent growth. Although 
there are housing vacancies for single 
undergraduates," said Lany Barren, 
director of Housing and Food Services, 
"There is a wailing list for graduate and 
undergraduate housing." 

According to Barrett, the campus has 
just finished a housing study to define 
the demand for on-campus hOUSing by 
predicting the number of students 
needing housing in the next 15 years 
along with the availability of off-campus 
housing that will accompany it. 

No hOUSing decision will be made 
until after November 12, when the San 
Francisco company, Economic Research 
Assoclates, that is doing the study meets 
with Chancellor Richard Atki~on. 

The administration is more actively 
pursuing academic building. 

According to Jill Richards-Dillard , the 
facility and space planner at the 
Resource Management Office, "Several 
major capital improvement project 
buildings are being constructed in an 
attempt to meet the growth." 

Among them is the Center for 
Magenetic Recording Research faci1iry, 
on which construction is scheduled to 
being in July of 1985. It will be located 
southwest of Central library. 

Engineering Building Unit One, which 
would house laboratories for AMES and 
EECS, has been slated as a 128,000 
square-foot structure , located east of 
Ce ntral Library. Funds are bt:ing ~ought 
fo r this building. 

TOtal enrollment for all nine UC cam-
puses is 144,595 for fall 1984, UCLA 
having the greatest number at 34,502 
undergraduate and graduate students. ~ 

TOTAL 
271 750 273 1023 
32 29 42 71 
401 1233 1232 2465 
90 138 90 228 
148 188 438 626 
26 41 44 85 

210 468 326 794 
515 1574 481 2055 
51 74 65 139 
107 89 227 316 
88 186 170 356 
30 43 26 69 
99 201 191 392 
158 205 379 584 
44 30 110 140 
46 57 67 124 
24 710 871 1581 



8 Monday. Ocr. 29. 1984 
Ne~ .., . 

Senator calls for stronger US-Mideast ties 
By RENEE WENRICK 

CALIFORNIA STATE SENATOR Wadie P. Deddeh outlined historical, ideological and personal 
reasons for the o ngoing warfare between 
Iraq and Iran in a speech Fnday al 
Warren ollege. and called for a 
strengthemng of nes bet\veen the US 
and the Arab world . 

Historically , relations bet\Veen Iran 
and Iraq have been tense . Iran has 
dommated Iraq tn the past. Iraq 
Withd rew from the Bagdad Pact m 1958 
(a pact which Iran was a pan of), and 
111 1967, the Shah of Iran renounced the 
Iraqi boundaries agreed to by borh 
countries 111 the Treaty of 1937. Iran's 
Ayatollah Khomemi and Iraq's Sadat 
Husein have their own personal 
conflicts as well. 

These differences bet\Veen Iran and 
Iraq are deeply roOted in religion , 
according to Deddeh. Muslims in Iran 
believe that people must unite under the 
Islam ideology as dIctated by their holy 

California State Senator Wadie P. Deddeh. 

book, the Koran . In contrast, Mushms in 
Iraq believe that Islam should not be 
Imposed on behevers of orher faiths. 

oting that there are 800 million 
Muslims in the world , Iraqi -born 
Deddah saId it is IlTIpOrtanl that the US 
government understand the Islam faith 
111 order to understand Middle Eastern 
politics. He suggested that diplomacy 
bet\Veen rhe US and the Muslim world 
will not reach ItS potential unless the US 
recognizes the Koran as more than a 
"bible" for these countries, but a 
consnTU tion as well . Deddeh added that 
the Arab world , including Iraq, 
recogmzes that the US "will never break 
down o n Its posi tion concerning Israel." 

"Despite the fac t thai there is a need 
to improve diplomatic relations. there 
are signs that (a breakdown) is already 
happening bet\Veen the US and Iraq," 
saId Deddeh . As eviden e he noted that 
Iraq IS the o nly Arab country to 
withdraw from the 1980 Summer 
Olympics in protest of the Soviet 
II1vaston of Afghanistan, and that Iraq 
has agreed not to give asylum to 
terrorists. 

According to Deddeh, the recent Iraqi 
attack on Iran occurred when it dId [or 
t\VO reasons . With the ovenhrow of the 
Shah . Iran was left m an upheaval, vul-
nerable to mvaslo n . Also. there is eVI-
dence that Iraq expected the US to I mer-
vene on its behalf since Iran held American 
hostages at that time," Deddeh said . 

Contrary to IraqI predictions, 
however, the US c hose to honor a 
commitment made earlier to the Shah to 
sell $5.5 bllhon worth of weapons to 
lrar.. AnOlhe: mIscalculation of Iraq 

CELEBRATE HALLOWEEN at BJ's 

~ Wednesday, Oct, 31 9 pm to 11 pm Pizza Slices $1.00 Draft Beer $.50 
Dress up and enter our costume contest. 

1st Prize - 2 Rod Stewart Tickets 
2nd Prize - $25.00 B1's Gift Certificates 

Uudging at 10:30) 
8873 Villa La La Dr. (Next to Theaters) 

THE FUTURECOPV PLACE 
WELCOMES BACK 

STUDENTS" FACULTY 

41/z( 
Self SeNice Copies 

Mon .• Thurs. e am • e pm 
fri . e am ·6 pm 

Sot. 10 am • 5 pm 
Sun. 12 noon . 5 pm 

4157-3175 
8855 Villa La Jolla Dr. 

(Near Ralphs' SaY-On) 

THE FUTURECOPV PlACE 

occurred when Iran. instead of dividing, 
solidified under the attack. Iraq made a 
tactlcal error as well in refusing to 
occupy Iranian CIties after conquering 
them. Iraq wa~ not interested 111 
territory," said Deddeh . 

Also, some of Iran's military men are 
prisoners who have been released to 
erve their country. and reports indicate 

that they are contnbuting a great deal to 
Iran's mrlltary strength , Deddeh s;ud. 

For Iraq, some of its military strength 
has come from the Soviet Union. The 
Soviets c hose to aId Iraq largely due [0 
their annoyance with Khomeini's verbal 
attacks on the Soviet Union and on the 
Tudeh commun ist party inside Iran. 
However. Iran IS economically better ofT 
than Iraq due to oil exports. 

Deddeh said it is impOSSIble to predict 
the outcome of the war, but added. 'T here 
is no substitute lor peace." ~ 

An eslimated 10,000 people showed up in Balboa Park Saturday to hear 
Presidential candidate Walter Mondale ask for voter suppon in the November 6 
election. Mondale 's campaign has taken a new, lighter approach since last week's 
debate. "Have you noticed?" he asked. "I've been in San Diego just a few hours 
and the sun is shining, the clouds are paning and there is joy in the land. " 
Anxious for an upset vicwl}' in California, where the polls show him within ten 

of Mondale said, "Polls don't vot£." 

Profalor MIchHI Cole 
Communications & Psychology Dept. 
Director, Laboratory of Comperatlve 

Human Cognition 
Nove~r 8, 19EW / 4:00-5:30 pm 

North Con~rence Room 
(near EDNA) 

See your 
Josten representative. 

November 5,6,7 
10 am-2 pm 
University Bookstore 

Last & Best Sale 
before Christmas ~ 

ProfalOr Hubert tt.lldn 
Chairperson, Mathematics Dept. 

November 15, 1984 / 4:~5:30 pm 
North & South Con~rence Room 

Building B, Stu<xnt Center 

Monday. Ocr. 29. 198'1 9 

UCSD Theatre 
1984-85 Season 

Mandell Weiss Center for the PerJonning Arts 
ExPLORATIONS IN THEATRE 

THAT SIGNAL NEW DIRECTIONS 
FOR THE DRAMATIC ARTS 

FALL 

TRElAWNY OF THE ''WELLS'' 
An unabashedly sentimental comedy 
about life in the theatre that "sparkles 
with wit.. .with JUSt the right 
combination of bubbly farce and 
hearts-and-flowers romance. " 
Starring Eric Christmas. 
October 31 - Novonber 11 

W,NTER 

THE POSSESSED 
New York director Walton_ Jones 
adapts Dostoevsky'S novel in 
collaboration with deSigner Richard 
Riddell. Walton Jones is the 
celebrated regional and Broadway 
director who premiered John 
Pielmeier's "Agnes of God," winner of 
Best Play in 1980 atActor's Theatre of 
Louisville. 
February 6-17 

SPRING 

CURSE OF THE 
STARVING ClASS 
Sam Shepard's powerful play about a 
family that is starving-not so much 
for food , but for life- is arresting in 
both its crudity and tenderness. 
Called a "work of eloquent intensity 
and whirlwind farce .... " 
May 1-12 

PLUS A BONUS OF IWO GRADUATE REPERTORY PLAYS 
The Chinese operetta "Shachiapang" and Barrie Keeffe's 
ba':Vdy satire "Frozen Assets," playing on alternate evenings 

March 5 - 1 7. See the same actor play different roles in two productions! 

5 Plays for Only $18! 
r------------------------------------------------------------------. o PLEASE SEND ME A COPY OF THE SUBSCRIPTIONS: I 

1984-8' SEASON BROCHURE RIGHT AWAY! • of Preview subSCriptions or Student I 
NAME b S II 

ADDRESS _____________ ~------

CITY _______ ZIP CODE _____ _ 

PHONE#(DAY) ___________ (~) __________ __ 
DAY OF ATTENDANCE: (WriI£ I lor lin! c hoic~, 1 lor _0IIII choia) 

5U scriptions~al S18 
I; of UCSD Faculty/ Staff S I 
sublCriptions __ at S23 I 
. ' ofRegular sublCriptions __ at $25 S : 
HANDUNG CHARGE S 1.00 I 

TOTAl 

METHOD OF PAYMENT: 
s 

I 
I 
I 
I 

Week One: __ Preview· __ Th·· (Openina) __ Fr __ Sa __ Su _ Visa __ M_erCard __ # Exp. Date-- I 
Week Two: __ Th __ Fr __ Sa __ Su _ Check mcloscd (Pa,.,1e to U.C.llqenlS) : 

I ~ :~rtt:~=1S =n:,~Ii&ibk for mhanae and Rltina is "Of ~taWd. MAIL TO: UCSD Drama Dept., 8-04 .. , LaJoUa, I 
I "Frimck or the Theatre receive prioriry considcr81ion for opcnina Nia/lt. For l'unhcr CA 92093. Or chalJe by phone to I 
I infol"lllllion caU452.1791. Visa/MasterCard at 4n·3793. I ~-----------------------------------------------------------------~ 



10 

I wish it were real 
By LISA FANE 

I ENTER THE REALM OF FANTASY a nd discover my reality. Handing over my E tlcket and 
boarding the boat are the first steps, but 
the journey begins when the boat leaves 
the track and fi nds its way into deeper 
water. The starry, azure sky, the crickets 
chirping, the seawater smell and the 
lone banjo music fill my senses and 
bring me back to a place I have only 
read about and back th rough a place I 
have already been. 

When 1 was young, the illusions 
seemed so real. "How come there are 
stars in the sky in here and the sun is 
shi ning outside?" I ask. "Because it is 
not real: my mother says. I don't 
understand , so I hold onto my belief.. 'J 

that anything can happen in the Magic 
Kingdom. The old man rocking away on 
the porch of his isolated shack seems so 
lonely. His droopy old hound dog looks 
like a good companion , but I ask, "How 
does he talk to other people when he is 
surrounded by water?" My mother 
rephes, "He uses a rowboat to get 
around ." This relieves me; I cannot 
stand for that nice, old man to be 
lonely. 

My family and 1 floa t away from this 
scene and fi nd ourselves greeted by a 
talking skull. with crossbones, like the 
ones on poison bottles. He brighdy 
stands out in the dark tunnel. I lislen 
intently to what he says. It is not every 
day one gets to li sten to a skeleton talk. 
Our boat suddenly swooshes down a 
wate rfall . 1 scream and cover my face. 
Only afte r I know we have reached safe 
water do 1 remove my hands. I find 
myself in the middle of a fie rce battle 
between a sail ing ship and a fo rt. The 
cannons burst with thunder, fire and 
smoke. The cannonballs fa ll short on 
both sides of us, making flashing 
splashes in the wa ter. The captain, 
frantically waving his sword , yeUs orders 
for his exhausted crew to continue the 
anack. "Who are the good guys? Who 
do we want to win ?" I ask eXcitedly. 
"We want the people in the fort to win. 
They are the good guys trying to defend 
the town from the pirates who want to 
kidnap people and steal treasures," 
Mommy thoughtfully answers. The 
unseen defenders seems to be winning, 
which makes me happy. 

As we reach the end of another dark 
tunnel, a whole town square unfolds 
before my eyes. People and animals of 
all rypes wander amid brightly colored 
stucco buildings with black wrought Iron 

railings. On my right a chubby, older 
man is repeatedly being dunked in a 
deep well by a na~y-looking pirate. 
"Why are they doing that to him, 
Mommy?" I shriek in horror. My mother 
replies with an honest, "I don't know, 
honey." I wish they would stOp. What 
righ t have they got to do that? 
Continuing our float, we enter an area 
where frantiC, newly-bought brides are 
being chased around and around by 
their over-eager husbands, "Look, that 
fat, ugly woman is chasing her husband 
instead of him chasing her," I chuckle 
gleefully . The happy pirate tune playing 
in the background underscores my 
feelings. 

The music stans gening scary as we 
enter a town that is on fire . Aames leap 
through broken windows. In the middle 
of a burning jail , some trapped 
prisoners desperately beg the honest, 
dutiful canine guard to surrender the 
keys. -They should let them out even 
though they are bad guys," I think, but 
am tOO frightened to say out loud. 
Immediately 1 look up and a chair is 
about to fall through the charred floor of 
the second story onto our boat. It creaks 
a lot, but thankfuUy does not fall . We 
escape to a room full of rowdy pirates 
who sing praises to the Ii fe they lead . I 
sing along as the boat takes us up a 
steep hill , I find myself back where I 
began. Though I am in the real world of 
sunshine and tourists, the fantasy neve r 
leaves ~. I sing "Yo ho, yo ho, a 
pirate's life for me ... " during our long 
ride home. 

As a teenager I knew exacdy how the 
world worked and was detennined to 
prove it to everybody. "I used to believe 
this was real, but now I know bener," I 
say to my fri ends as we pile 

rambunctiously into the boat. As our 
boat eases into the deeper water, I look 
up at the flourescent blue sky which still 
allures me. But as 1 look I notice that 
next to the sliver of the moon is an air 
vem! "Look at that hole in the middle of 
the sky. What a rip-off, the sky is just 
painted on," I exclaim to my 
companions, disappOinted at myself for 
ever believing that it was real. As we 
approach the lonely old man and his 
dog, I notice that the fireflies circling 
about are just lights on strin&~, and 
dutifully point it out. "Oh here comes 
the waterfall ," we brace ourselves. We 
enter the tunnel as mere thrill-seekers 
oblivious to the talking pirate skull 
above us. The cheap thrill of the 
waterfall exhilrrates me and I boast 
about having ,:me down it with my 
hands raised in the air. 

The battle scene leaves me unfazed. 
"See how they simulate the cannonball 
splashes with lights planted under the 
water," is about all 1 can say about the 
battle. As we float on , my friends and I 
engage in a Jattle of our own. We 
splash each other with as much water as 
we can scoep up with our hands. At 
this age 1 IUDI only to be able to have 
fun doing dUngs I am not supposed to. 
I ob~rve wisely as we float through the 
town square, "They've been dunking that 

poor guy for years and he hasn 't 
drowned yet." 

The fire engulfing the town does not 
frighten me the least bit. The flapping 
orange-red gells, and the brightly lighted 
tinfoil reveal to me the hardware reality 
behind the once magic illusion. The 
repetitious pirate song sticks in my 
head as 1 climb out of the boat, and it 
stays with me the rest of the day no 
matter how hard I try to rid myself of it. 

I am now 21 years old and I take the 
journey yet another time. I experience 
the pirates of the Caribbean with the 
newly found ability to dream again, to 
allow myself fantasies. l am aware of the 
hardware reality, the lights, the strings 
on the mechanical devices, but I am still 
swept away by the wonder of it all. I 
explore the colors, the vivid sounds, the 
detail and the life-like pirate characters, 
and I believe in magic. I am truly 
confident with myself; I have nothing to 
prove to anybody. So I do not dismiss 
the illusion as a hoax, but enjoy it as a 
gttat achievement. The vast, blue , starry 
sky, even with an air vent, makes my 
eyes wide with wonder. Though I know 
the waterfall is up ahead waiting to 
plunge me suddenly into deeper 
cavems, I look up to myoid firend , the 
talking pirate skuU, and listen intently to 
what he has to say. (i:J 

By ROBIN RAUCH 

I 'M ALONE IN THE HOUSE tonight. I try to study, but things are too quiet, and I start hearing ' strange noises , or 
making up strange noises. I cook myself 
one of those frozen , tasteless mini-
pizzas, and tum on the lV. I stan to 
watch one of those scary old movies 
they always show around Halloween, but 
I keep seeing the main character right 
outside my window, so I tum 01I the set. 
No more scaring myself tonight. I decide 
to clean up and go to bed. While 
washing the dishes I cut myself, and the 
blood drips into the sink. I wrap a 
paper towel around my finger and head 
for the bedroom. I lie under the covers 
for a while, holding the towel to the cut. 
The bleeding finally stops, and I drop 
the bloody tissue beside me on the 
floor. I leave my hand dangling there , 
touching the white carpet. I leave it for 
a while , anyway, until a thought enters 
my head: I didn't check under the bed. 
I take my hand up, slowly, slowly, so 
that anyone who might be underneath 
win not notice. I lie there on my back, 
with my eyes closed tighdy, trying to 
sleep, but I know I'U be awake all night 
if I don't check under the bed . I tum 
over, slowly, silently, sliding my body to 
the edge of the mattress, leaning my 
head out, looking down ... rats! My cut 
has left a stain on the tug. 

This is ridiculous, I tell myself, 
plopping back on the pillow. There's no 
man under the bed , no murderer in the 
closet, no ghost in the hallway. You'd 
think you were seven years old . No 
more frozen pizzas and late late movies, 
I tell myself. 

• • • It does remind me of being a kid, as I 
lie here, trying to sleep, wondering if 
there's someone , or something, beneath 
me. I used to have a terrible time falling 
asleep at my cousin's house, on the farm 
in Kentucky. It's one of those big 
mansions from the lBOOs-winding 
staircase that went around and around , 
millions of halls and bedrooms, 
monstrous couches and chairs almOSt 
too high to climb onto. 

The house doesn't seem so big 
anymore. The staircase omy makes one 
loop, there are only four halls and eight 
bedrooms, and the velveteen couch no 
longer swallows me up. There is one 
thing about that place, however, that 

. remains big, and that is the ghost 
stories. For me, .they were as much a 
part of that house as the chandeliers, 
the family portraits, and the books in 
the library. They filled that house, they 
filled my summers, and they fill my 
memory still. 

The most intriguing thing about these 

Not in OctoBer, I na¥e a lieadache 
By PHIL LAUDER 

It was, oh , about three weeks ago, I 
guess-around the beginning of 
October. I was shopping at Ralphs. I left 
the dairy and bakery sections and waS 
heading for the frozen foods aisle. I 
turned the comer and BOOM!-there it 
was. Candy. Mounds of candy-Reese's 
peanut butter cups, bags of Snickers 
bars and miniature chocolate bars and 
Hershey'S kisses. All decorated with 
ghosts and goblins and skeletons and all 
sons of ~houlish things. A Halloween 
display. 

Questions flooded my mind. Hell , 
didn't school just start? Isn't this the 
beginning of October? Isn't Halloween 
towards the end of the month 
sometime? What is this stuff doing in 
the frozen foods section? Don't 
merchants have any scruples? (Or are 
those in the canned goods section?) Ah, 
no use wasting time- that's the secret to 
corporate success, I suppose. Get 'em 
ready for Halloween now- get 'em to 
buy candy and spend money now. In 
fact. get 'em to buy candy and spend 
money later, too. JUSt get 'em, that's all. 

More signs of Halloween started 
creeping up here and there , such as 
parking lots fuU of pumpkins near La 
Jolla Village Square and banners that 
read, -Halloween's coming!" Subde 
reminders. 

OK, I can handle Halloween thrown 
at me a courle weeks early. Halloween's 
a fun sort 0 holiday-In fact , it's not 
really a "holiday" at all, at least not if 
you define a holiday as "a calendar date 
whose original significance has long 
since been ignored or forgotten and 
whose sole purpose now is to give 
people a day off to watch football ." 
That's how most of us define the term. 
Halloween's not a holiday. 

But Halloween's fun , and reasonably 
acommercial. Don't tell that to Ralphs, 
but people generally don't spend weeks 
stuffi ng their cupboards full of Sunburst 
fruit chews and Tootsie Pops and 
Bazooka bubble gum and other, equally 
disgusting, red dye #5-saturated "treats" 
to give our on the big day. Usually, 
they'll go to the 7-11 on the 30th and 
buy a bag or twO of candy, eat most o( it 
that night and distribute the meager 
remains to whoever shows up the next 
night. And if the stuff runs out. .. oh 
well. 

But HaUoween signifies one more 
thing. Yes, besides the end of October. 

It signifies the beginning of the 
Christmas season. 

If you're saying, "Not to me it don't, 
buddy," then you're like me. The idea of 
being inundated by Christmas 
commercialism a fun month and a half 
before the fact-before Thanksgiving, 
for God's sake!-sickens me. Regardless. 
ready or not, here it comes. Get your 
guard up. 

I am not anti-Christmas. I happen to 
enjoy Christmas very much; it's not 
quite as much fun when you're 20 as it 
is when you're ten- when relatives you 
don't even know buy you toys and 
games and candy ana aD sons of 

Good 0/ ' Santa Claus sums to be overstepping his bounds a bu, don 't you think? 

bitchin' things- but it's still a nice 
concept. What I don 't enjoy is 
Christmas in November, or-dare I say 
it?-Christmas in October. Been to UTC 
lately? They're at it already: Some 
merchants have their decorated 
Christmas trees and snowmen and 
reindeer and cute Iitde Santas assaulting 
you through their store windows even 
now-dammit man, it's October!-and 
the displays look like they've been there 
quite a while. That's not funny, that's 
sick. I don't want to hear about 
Christmas now. I don 't. Go away. 

What is the mailer with these people? 
Why do they have to do that to us? Are 
they that desperate for business? I 
mean , that is desperation if the word 
has any definition at all. 

"Only 161 days 'till Christmas," read 
some advertisement I saw back in July. I 
think they were being facetious- at least 
that's the way 1 took it. I laughed . The 
way things are progressing, it's become 
a case of he who laughs last laughs 
loudest. And I have a feeling most of us 
won't be laughing after six months of 
Christmas commercialism has been 
shoved in front of our noses like so 
much smelling salts. Only the merchants 
will be laughing. 

Of course, there are a few of you out 
there who aCNaly shop for Christmas 
months in advance. What can 1 say?-
psychOSis runs rampant in American 
society these days, and you're jUst the 
tip of the iceberg. I personally feel it's 
every American's duty to shop for all 
gifts and mail out all cards on December 
21. Not December 23. Not December 22. 
And certaimy not October 28. 

Oh well. Back to my bag of Hershey's 
~se~ ~ 

I hope it's not real 
stories was that they were true. Or at 
least I thought they were, when I was 
young. I must admit that even now I'm 
not quite sure whether 1 believe them or 
noc I consider myself a level-headed, 
unsuperstitious adult, but when it comes 
to these stories, I lose aU sense of 
reason . I can't even remember exactly 
how they went, or which ones were 
supposed to be true. All 1 reaUy 
remember is that there was something 
authentic about them, something 
chillingly believable . 

••• We would sit around in the hayloft of 
the bam, or in the musty upstairs back 
hall, or on the floor of the parlor during 
a storm. It didn't really maner where we 
told the stories. Every part of the house 
was scary back then . (Every part is still 

scary, when I'm alone.) So we would sit 
in some srooky spot and tell our ghost 
stories. 0 course, some were fake, like 
"The Monkey'S Paw" and "The Green 
Thumb." You leamed that after you 
heard the same stories back at school in 
Califomia. Those weren't the scariest 
anyway. The really scary ones were the 
true ones. These stories had to do with 
the people who had lived in the house 
many years ago: the relatives, the 
servants, the slaves. There was an old 
slave room where they used to keep the 
involuntary servants. It was very dark 
and smelly, covered with "wild dog 
poo." At least that's what my cousins 
and brothers told me. I thought it was 
very cruel to make the slaves live that 
way, but my cousins told me that my 
relatives, the Greens, were very nice to 
them. 

Even though the slave story was true, 
it wasn 't really a ghost story since the 
slaves nevel "arne back from the dead. 
The true stories were scarier than that 
anyway. There was the time we were 
having a seance, asking Lafayette Green, 
one of our gttat -great -relatives, to come 
from the dead . "Show us a sign, show us 
a sign!" moaned my cousin Louise, who 
always led campfire songs and seances. 
We were all siuing there in the dark 
parlor, on the floor, with candles 
burning, when the desk drawer and the 
glass cabinet door both flew open. The 
trick waS, both doors were locked , and 
no one knew where the keys were. 
Actually. someone probably knew where 
the keys were. In fact, all my cousins 
might have known- I don't know why I 
said that no one knew. Probably to 
emphasize the point that it was no 
human that opened those doors. 1 really 
don't remember exacdy what 
happened - I was probably too young-
but my sister told me that it happened. 1 
believe her because she's very Catholic 
and doesn't lie. 

That honest sister also told 'me that 
she and Louise used (0 be Sitting in 
Louise's bedroom and something would 
fall off the cable. They would put it back 
on in the middle, and when their backs 
were turned it would happen .in. Just 
fall right 01T. It was amazing. And 
sometimes chandeliers would shake in 
perfecdy windless rooms, and perfectly 
locked doors would slam. 

AU these things used to happen when 
my Uncle Russel lived on the fann. He 
was afraid of the house, and he and my 
aunt used to fight a lot. He wanted to 
seD the place and make a lot of money. 
AU the scary things stopped when they 
got divorced. That's what my aunt says. 
I don't really know for sure, because I 
don't really remember when all the scary 
things happened . All 1 really remember 
about Uncle Russel is that he used to 
bring us candy when he came to visit. 

There is one other scary thing that 
happened when Uncle Russel waS there , 
and I really know this one is true, 
because I've seen the blood stains. They 
still exist. This is it: One day U nde 
Russel went to (Own to get pizza for the 
family. It was a cold winter night, so the 

re~t of the family stayed in the kitchen 

-- ~ : 

to keep wann. When Uncle Russel came 
home, pizza in hand , he saw blood on 
the stairs. He ran back to the kitchen, 
through all the halls, and screamed, "Are 
the babies all right!?" ·Yes: answered 
my aunt. So the family started to 
investigate. They walked slowly, through 
all the haUs, to the front haU , to the 
staircase. There was the blood , in big 
drops , leading up the stairs. They 
followed it up slowly, being careful not 
to step on the drops. The trail curved 
and curved around the staircase , leading 
all the way to the tOp. It led to the first 
big heavy door on the left, the SuiCide 
Room (they named it that later). The 
drops led to a huge puddle of blood, 
and then from the puddle they led to 
the bathroom door. The family slowly 
opened the big heavy door, omy to see 
the dark spots leading to the sink. In 
the sink was a blood-stained towel 
'which had been used (0 try to soak up 
the red puddle, and which still 
remained underneath. From the sink 
the bloody trail led to the window. 
Slowly they opened the shudders, only 
to find that the blood drops led to the 
end of the balcony, and then stopped. 
They checked for a wounded person in 
the driveway below, and aU through the 
house. There was no trace. . 

• • • I lie in bed tonight thinking about 
that story. 1 think abut how convinced I 
waS, as a child, that it was true . I used 
to follow those drops up the stairs and 
on their path through the rooms. trying 
to figure out the mystery. I used to 
shudder when I slept on the big heavy 
bed in the Suicide Room, the bed which 
had been pushed over the bloody stain. 
Last time 1 went back to the farm, I 
looked for the drops of blood. 
Everything was faded, but on a few of 
the stairs I saw some smaU, dark spots 
that miJtht have been blood stains. And 
I looked under the big heavy bed in the 
Suicide Room for the stain, but k was 
tOO dark to see anything. That's what I 
saw, last time I went back. I lie in bed, 
pondering the situation . • All evidence 
points toward the falsity of the story," I 
calculate scientificaDy. "But I could have 
sworn I saw that stain when I was 
younger." -Ah! Probably a bunch of 
rubbish!" 1 finaDy decide, as I check 
under the bed one last time .. . . i:J 



12 Monday, 0([, 29, 1984 

L/~~~ ~~~ ~) ) 
o 0 (~( =::::a: ~~( =--) ) I D) 

The Associated Students of 
THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO 

cordially invite you to join 
[hem for an afternoon Reception 

"Chatting with the Chancellor" 
Dr. Richard Atkinson 

International Center 
3:00 pm Tuesday, October 30, 1984 

"The Chant of 
J intnty Blacksntith" 

Also showing: 

"My Survival as an Aboriginal" 
Friday, November 2 at 7:00 pm 

Free TLH 107 Free 
Sponsored by Committee for World Democracry & Third World Studies 

Looking for research money? 
Come and check out grant opportunities available to you at 

the U$ Grants office , We have $5,000 a quaner to fund your 
undergraduate research projects, We're located on the second 
floor of the student center or can be reached at 452-3917 
Congratulations to the 1984 fall grant recipients: DanielAvezzu, 
Maria Becerra-Cruz, Susan Cuneo, Joseph D'Angelo, David 
Dramm, Ethan Feerst, Jeff Hedgecock, Alexa Henderson , Dan 
Lebenthal, Erik Meyers, Eric Olender, Thomas Plonka, Shane 
Rohan , and William Zullo. 

Take a trip to paradise 
We're talking ocean cruises here, and you could be on one , 

Stop by the ZBT Adventure Sweepstakes table this week on 
Revelle Plaza. Sponsored by the Beta pledge class of ZBT. 

Join the staff of L'Chayim Quarterly 
Are you inte rested in writing, typesetting, paste-

up/ production, advertising or ediring? Come to our next 
planning session on Wednesday, Nov, 7 at 5 pm in the Media 
Center Room 210 (upstairs in the student center) or call x3616. 

Women's Lacrosse 
Mandatory meeting for all interested in playing on 
the team this year. Monday, Oct. 29 on the Revelle 
Field, 

Does $50,000 excite you? 
AS Activity Fee Commissioner position is 

available. Contact John Trumpler or Marc 
Boroditsky at AS Office. x4450. 

Are you experienced, involved , educated on 
the issues? Interested in representing the U.c. 
students at the Regents Meetings? Then apply to 
become the STUDENT REGENT. 

Applications are now available for STUDENT 
REGENT at the following locations: A.S, Office, 
EDNA, Deans' Offices, Residence Deans' Offices 
and the Chancellor's Office. 

For more information, please call the Student 
Activities Office at 45 2-4083. Applications must 
be turned in to the Chancellor's Office or the 
Director of Student Activities Office before 5 
p ,m., Friday, November 16, 1984. 

Groundwo~k study groups 
Groundwork study groups stan this week. Sexual politiCS, 

collective theory & cooperative skills, behavioral change, 
women, race & class, u.s. intervention in Central America. 
These study groups are small, intimate learning groups where 
the process of learning is direct and unmystified. The 
atmosphere is cooperative and supponive, so you learn what 
you want to learn , instead of learning how to top the other 
person. There are no prerequisites. Except for cost of books, 
study groups are free and open to everyone. For more 
information come by Groundwork Books in the Student Center 
or call 452-9625. 

Is life getting to be the same old routine? 
Then maybe it's time to try something new and exciting. Get 

involved today with the Associated Students Internship Office! 
Work on a career-oriented, fun and spirited staff, learn valuable 
communication skills and other "business know-how", make 
profeSSional contacts, gain public relations and fund raising 
experience, improve your resume references. STAFF OPEN 
HOUSE at ASIO on Friday, November 2 from 9am-3pm, For 
more info, call 452-4689 or stop by our office above the Game 
Room in the Student Center, 

Ski Vail 
Ski Vail this winter with UCSD, UCI, UCR, UCD, UClA, 

UCSB, & UCSC with the 1984 All-Cal. Dec. 14-21. $299 &' Skic 
Club membership gets you transportation to &' from VAIL, 
deluxe condominiums, 5 day lift tickets, and admission to 
numerous fun activities such as broomball beer-slaloms 
slaloms, picnics on the mountain and the inf~mous thumpe; 
tournament. Buy your ticket now at the box office until Nov. 16. 
Limited Seating. 

Call the Gay Helpline 
If you are having trouble with your SEXUALITY or if you just 

want to talk, call us. We can help! 452-GAYS. Sunday-Thursday 
8-10 pm. Confidential peer counseling available , Call for more 
information. 452-GAYS. 

Nuclear Weapons and Society 
Monday, Nov. 5 - Film Countdown for America in HL 1438, 

7 -8 pm. Wednesday, Nov. 7 - "The Arms Race and the Third 
World" by Dr. Roger Revelle, Professor of Science and Public 
Policy at UCSD. Seminar will be held in the Revelle Informal 
Lounge, 6:30-7:30 pm, Monday, Nov. 12 - Film War Without 
Winners 1l in HL 1438 from 7-8 pm. 

These events are pan of the "Nuclear Weapons and Society" 
seminar series sponsored by Student Pugwash at UCSD. For 
more information concerning 'the seminar series or Student 
Pugwash activities, contact Caroly Shumway (272-2556) or 
Aspen Arnan (272-8815). 

Interested in medical issues? 
Health Issues and Professions Organization (HIPO) will hold 

a general meeting with a guest speaker who will talk about Life 
Hight (Emergency Helicopter at UCSD Medical Center) and 
Trauma Care , When: Thursday, November 1, 6-8 pm, Where: 
Revelle Informal Lounge. New members and old HPers 
welcome! 

Learn about the issues 
Find our how the presidential candidates stand on women, 

foreign policy, economics, national defense, and nuclear arms. 
Also, get the low-down on the upcoming California State 
Propositions. Be sure to panicipate in Voter Education Week, 
October 29 through November 2, Sponsored by the UC Student 
Lobby Anex and CaIPIRG. 

Meet the Sociology Club 
The SOCiology Club is meeting again, Wednesday, Oct. 31 at 

4 pm in MOM. Be prepared to paint some signs! 

Israel Action Committee meeting 
Interested in finding out more about Israel? Come to our 

meeting at the Revelle Informal Lounge on Monday, Oct 29 at 
5:30 pm. For more info, call x3616 or call Micah at 450-4658. 

Interested in Media? 
Last chance to apply for a 

media board position. See Ken 
Cariffe or John Trumpler in the AS 
Offices above EDNA. 

....... 

Attn: ALL Student Orgs 
Recent Legislation Affects You! Changes in 
the Associated Students Council bylaws 
regarding publicity by all student orgs. are 
listed below. 

Publicity: Any publicity (i,e, Print, Media, Flyers, Advertising, or Public 
Notice) for any event, activity, service. program or media which is 
sponsored in part or in full by the ASUCSD and/or its affiliates must give 
mention of the ASUCSD as its sponsor in a fully visible or audible manner. 
a.) One copy of each media, except radio, television and banners , shall be 
submitted to the Activity Fee Board chair, and remain on Student 
Organizations' file for the duration of that acade mic year. 
b,) Failure to comply with this procedure shall result in the relinqUishment 
of the organization's right to further funding during the remainder of the 
quarter and the quarter following, 

Any questions contact Bob Ames, 
Commissioner of Public Relations at x4450. 

It's the UCSD Speech and Debate Club 
Want to increase your speaking skills? Interested in 

competing at speech tournaments? Do you like the thrill of 
competition? Whether you are a beginner or an advanced 
speaker. Come join the UCSD Speech and Debate Club. The 
club has already attended one tournament and more 
tournaments are scheduled ahead . All events are open: 
Dramatic Prose, Impromptu, Extemp, and Debate to name a 
few. Come find out more about the club, tournaments, events 
and a possible speech class for Winter Quaner. The next club 
meeting is Thursday, Nov. 1 at 5 pm in H&'SS 2330, Don't miss 
out on the fun!!! For more info, call Brian at 453-3607 or Steve at 
566-4852 . 

Problems and Prospects of Arms Control 
The International Fireside, a continuing series in current 

international topics, presents "Problems & Prospects of U.5-
Soviet Arms Control" with Dr. G.A. Greb, Professor of History. 
Dr. Greb is a member of the Institute on Global Conflict and 
Cooperation of the University of Californta. Tuesday, Oct. 30 at 
7:30 pm. Free admission and free refreshments. All discussions 
held in the UCSD International Center Lounge (200 yards east 
of the Mandeville Auditorium). Sponsored by the International 
Club (x3730). 

Ski Swap Meet 
Friday, Nov. 16 on Revelle Plaza 
Buy & sell clothes & eqUipment 

Sponsored by the UCSD Ski Racing Team 



an 
.-4 

... 

~ 
a; 
N 

~ 
~ 

"'" s: 

" ::E 

t 
::5 

'-.j 

~ ~~ 

Services/Workshops 
MONDAY-SAn.QAY 
- Toursoft~ UCSO~.eo~~~ 

thn:Jugl Saturday by ttle Erucation Opportunity 
Program/Office of Retations with Schools. On the 
weekd<¥, med at 1 pm in II'ont of Buildng 101 
located on M)le"S ~. 01 Saturdays, meet at 
10:30 am In front ot the C~tra/ U1iYersity lib-iii)'. 
Tours last apprOJumately 1 ~ nours; no 
appointment is necessary. In addition, group 
guidance COUnseling is ~ailable br prospective 
5O.JdI!nts at 10:30 am ~ through Friday in the 
EOP/ORS ollice, Building 10J. Fe< directIOns call 
Dial INFO at 452-%36 and ask to~. tape s-15, 
or call EOP/ORS at 452-4831. 
lIIC)M)Ay 
, .... 2100 ..... - Graruate Stude1t Grou~ 
ThIs group for UCSO graciJare students Ibcuses on 
personal concerns. re/atlOnShps and h~ goals. Led 
by John Anctews and Lour~ Perez. C111 452-
3755 to sigl up, Offered by I's)choIogicai and 
Counseling Servic~. In 1003 HL 

~Y 
.... ,0100 _ - Graduate Women in 
HIMllcYIities GI'Ot4'-This is a ~ support 
goup for grac1late women students in the 
HuITlal1ities ~ with personal. prof~ionaI 
a"ld acadI!mtc ISSUeS. Nlirlam IosupcMd and Sandra 
IlliICler-Padilla, leaclers. Meets at 1003 H-L Call 
452-3755 to sigrl up, OtfI!red by Psychological and 
Counselmg SeIVic~. 

1~11OO ..... -(SIngIClhhhh,letmetell)QJ 
'bout W pill and t~ sponge and the 'Nomen's 
doc and a thing called Birth ControII Oh }leI 
COl7le on by and /earn W facts about sewa/ health 
In a"I informal disaJssion at YOUR Student Health 
Center. Bnng a friend and be a pNt ot W irlfonned 
crowd. ~tarrs at W Studo!!nt Heath Center, 
- AMES Mi!jors, Pre-AMES Maj<n and students 
~ted in irMt~ to attend a"I informational 
~ to disruss new m.¥Jrs. wrriwum 
Cha'lges a"ld pOlky updaes. In HSS 2250. 

ZIGO-~ ..... - Gayj'8isexuaj Men's Gtoup -
This is an on-going contidentiaI support group br 
t.ndergraruate men questioning ~r sexuality, as 
-" as those who ~~ as gay/'bise'xual. IIAeets 

~~ ttw-ouglout the yeiIT. Led by Steve Br~. 
Meets at 1003 H-L Students Ca"I call 452-3 755 for 
more info. or they Ca"I just come to tt1I! goup. 
...... ISDIIlY 

1~1I00 ..... - -The truth is not a citadef of 
certainty 10 be dI!ft!ndI!d against error. It is as~ 
lPCX where one eats linch before aallpillg on" 
Gan tt1I! knowledge IC make a"I eciJcat«I decision 
about birth control brbre ''Uanping on." Join us 
br a"I informal. confidential talk concen'1ing sexual 
~ath topics. Don't be st¥, be awarel 4JStairs at 
ttle Student Health Center. 

'~MO ..... - ~ form EatWlg 
Disorder's I - (RED II - This is a group forWOfl'lm 
with eating disorder's. Participants J1'IO\IIe towilTd 
rf!CDolery 1tTCJU!1l a program of graruai stage, 
Stude'lts \I\Ih;) in oDses«I with we~ contrOl. 
wro may alternately binge, fast or IIOII1Il will lind a 
comrron ground ot support a"ICI CilrIng in this 
group. Focus will be on e/irnina[ing the ~ 
behiMor whle also working to understand the 
relabonstip of ~ings in this painful cycle. Led by 
MIriam 10supovlC; and Undsey StroDen. 
f's)Ich%gIcai ~ces. IIAeets at 1003 HlIIIiWWties 
and lIbrill)' Building. Call Miriam ex l..ind5i!Y at 452-
3755 to Chedc about w group and _ if its for 
)QJ. 
z.o. • .-t ..... - Gay/Blsecual GrallJate 
StudI!nt Group-This on-going conIidenOaI group 
for men and women will bcus on group 1I'II!fTIbI!rs' 
concerns pertarnng IC hailing a"I alternate sewal 
prr!ference a"ld being a grac1late student In ott1I!r 
1IIOrds, rM>nd1ing one's penona/ iI1d ~ 
idenUty. Led by Steve Br~.1IAeets at 1003 H-L Call 
452-3755 If)QJ hiI'oI'e i!Tty questions. 

Acaaemic Services 
~Y ... DIIlY 
I •• '100 ..... - SlGI. System ot ~ 

~dance and information h a CDI'IpUter-oased 
progr- of ca-eer inlbrmarion de5i!11I!d IC help 
)QJ cJari~ )CUI' values and {)(J] IflMInna/ interests. 
For more information. come to c..- SerIIices 
Center. IN H.. room 10sa 
1 ...... 00 ..... - Mid-Term Prep Pl'\l 

CcrI~l!rlCes - 00 )QJ JeeI CD! r:icIeJ It about)'OUr 
mi~term? 00 you know what IC ~ and how to 
learn for total recall7 Can )QJ write a SVtIng 
answer to essay QUI!Stions? 00 )QJ inow hoIN to 
score high on nUtipIe ct10ice and true ex false 
questions? 00 )QJ budget }'CAl 1& arne? If p.i 
~~ "No" to lnf d thesr quesIIons. 
schI!c1Ile a PI'I.l corhferla and learn hoIN IC do 
)QJr Ileit on I!XaITIS. Sponsored by the OI\SIS 
Reading and StUdy SkiIs Centrr in USB 4010. 
II ... 100 ... - OASIS Writing Center offI!rs 

rr~ service br all UCSD srudenCS who ~ pre-
IMItlng ~. conferences on drafts. and editing 
i3rMce. We engage i!Tty kind of wriUlg problem. 
Co~mces .e by appointment only. b<ening 
awornments .e now also available In OASIS 
Ttlrd Place at Third College. (FoI' ttle full range d 
setVlCeS _ back dFail SchI!QJIe) C1N 452-2284 or 
come by USB 4010 to make a"I ~1tJ11I!I1l This 
service is available thrCltJ!1lOUt w quarter. In USB 
4010. 
1154100 .... -1..ooUlg to grt more free arne? 

I~CM)QJr GPA? The'! call ttle OASIS Reading 
a"ICI ~ Skilh Center and ~ )'OUr /earring 
style, Make an appointmenc and bring your booIcs. 
assigrlfTlf'nts and note to ttle OASIS ~ading iITId 
Stuc¥ Skills Center for a personal str~ session 
al how 10 tackle )CUI' work in the most efIicient 
and succ~ful ~ . .Just ~ )QJ warn a PI'I.l 
(personal assIStance for Ie.ning ~I. 
.... ~ .... - Don't let co~ get in tt1I!wi!IJ 
of )QJr erucabonl Let w Associated Studencs 
IntemstWp OIIice ~)QJ .range M1 ir1temshp 
\/Iotllch will <iVe )QJ on-thejob trainng and 
ertlance your enpIoyrrlent prospectS for the 
future. We hiWe irnernsHps for jist about f!<my 
major a"ld can !!lien help )QJ desigrl your own if 
you Il<aIe a spedaI rl!qUe5t. The deadline br winter 
Quarter applicatIOns has been euendet:l to 
Octooer 26, so apply today1 Fex rB)(e inb, r;all 
452-4689 ex slOp by our oIIice atJoo,oe W gMne 
room In the Student Center. 
....... - ..... - GAAMMI'\R MOSES HOTUNE 
- A hot/ine pl1one-lll service for help with diction. 
grammar and punauation protlIerns. To reach 
Gramrna- Moses. r;all 452-2284 betwet!n tt1I! 
hours ot 9:00-4:00 Monday througl Friday. 
Sponsorl!d l¥ Oi\SIS Writing Center. Service 
~ailable throughout the Quarter. 
1 z»4100 ..... - Dr~in Hours. For questions 
pertainng to c.a-eer planning. jeD hunting. reiUmI! 
critlQUng. etc. I'\ppointments may also ~ 
schI!dJled in w morning by calbng Career Services 
Cenler at 452-3750. 
MOMaAY 

- Graduate School/Lilw/MBI'I. I'\dvising. 
Planning on a graruate. law or MBo\ degr~ 
progam after UCSD7 Help with admissions and 
application questions todi!IJ by appointment ont,o, 
CaU Career Services Centl!t at 452-4939 for more 
detailed information. In the Student Center Bldg. 
A 

I~~ pm - Inter~tl!d in tt1I! Health 
Professions7 NMsing appointments available for 
career planning and pre-professional school 
prepMaoon. Call Career Services Cenler at 452-
4939 In aa.rance for an appointment. but no e.lil!t 
than one week. In the Student Center Bldg. /'\. 

I~~ ..... - MoClc Interview-Seeing and 
heMng )QJrselt on videotape Ca"I ~ put tt1I! 
finiShing touches on interviewing skills. 
Prerequisite: InterVIewing Skills \XIorkshop, Call 
Career SelVlces Center at 452-3750 to make an 
appointment In Hl 1058. 

'fHUIIIQAY 
.... Z ...... - General Group ~apy - This 
on-going group is open to all UCSO students, 
gractJate or unciergraciJate. The rocu, will be on 
both personal and interpersonal concerns. Offered 
by Steve Br~ and Connie Brunig. ~ at Hl 
1003, Cau 452-3755 to sign up. 
'100 ......... - Drop-in Gay/bisexual Men's 
DiSOJSSk>n Group, This is a weekly dr~in peer 
diSOJssion group for male students who identi~ as 
tlI!tng gay or txseIuaI. as well as those \I\Ih;) Me 
e<pIoring their sexuality. 1'\ great opportunity to 
talk with other students sha"ing siml/ar concerns. 
New members Ca"I join at any time. OtfI!red by 
Carlos NeI50n and Demetrius Delacruz. Meets at 
1003 H-L If nudents hiI'oI'e Q~tions they can call 
Carlos at 452-4297; otherwise, theycanJUstarrilie 
for t~ group. 
6100 ..... - "Moss-c~- Process-E~'s 
!he World's Greatest at JOmething. let Bob Moss 
show )QJ how 10 use that grl!atnI'SS to exall In 
other areas as well. Sponso<~ I¥ t~ Blade: 
Student Union at UCSO. Call .2499. 
.... MY 
JIOO.4I1O ..... - Ncohol and Substance Abuse 
- For students wro want ~Ip in dealing with a"I 
alcDhol ex drug use problem. Emphasis will tie on 

~ng the ~xity of t~ problem, 
~ng options, making a COIlTIlitmenr to 
<1lange, and following througl. Homework 
ass/grlments and group norms will bI! estabI/shI!d 
as part of W group's and indivJ(iJaI's program. 
Before joining t~ group. inter~t~ students are 
askl!d to call Becca at 452-3755 to malce a short 
CIppOintment with one of our counselors to _ It 
the group will meet their needs. ~ by Da-l 
Munoz. PsychoIogcai and Counseling Services. 
~ at W Revelle 1'I1:Mlst's OIIice. 
................. -Campus BIaeX Fofum - This isa 
~ informal cisOJssion !1"OUP on the issues. 
concerns. and w quality of U~ ot t~ BIaeX 
comm.Jnrty at UCSO. This IS a"I ongong group a"ld 
students can pin at i!Tty time. Call leader Phil 
Raptlael at 452-3035 it you hiWe any ~ns; 
o«hI!rwIse. students Ca"I just !Um up at ttle group. 
It meets In Mt View Lounge at Third College. 
Offered by F'sychoIogicai a"ICI Counseling Services. 

Recreation 
~Y 
- Juggling Club meets for a good time. Le.n 

how IC jJggIe balls. clubs. hoops. Helpful dub 
~ instruct. Learn how orjusthone o/dskill5. 
In tt1I! South ~ ot W Main Gym. 
I ............ - PaintJng/Ceramics Exhibit. in 
the Gr~ Gallery, ~ Ilonne" Hall and the 
Student Center. 'Norks by Susan ~ and 
Eileen Gudnu1d5on. EJcI1jbition ~ tt'rougl'l 
~9. 
....... - MaOOiIICfy meeting for aI intereted 
in ~ on ttle IMlInen'S lacrosse b!iIm for ttle 
'85 season. Newcomers still ~, At ~ 
FiI!Id. 
6100 ..... - SailIng Cub meets to discuss 
upconing sailing aaMties. You don't hiI'oI'e to 
know how to sail to enjoy this club. In III'M 2202. 
........ - Gynnastics Cub workouts from bo8 
pm on Mon./Wed.jFri. 1'\11 IM!Is in ~. 
Supevision and help .JIIiIiIabIe. <:nat for a total 
WOOcoot. In W South Balco,¥ of t~ Main Gym. 
....... - Raa!1JI!U)a/1 CUb meets on a regular 

~ basis. Drop by to p~ others. meet new 
~ all ~ IM!Is orjustsodal~. 
EIII!f)One Welcome . .... t the ~ Courts. 
~y 
........ - 'Nomen's Soccer. UCSO loS. UCLA at 
WaIren Field. 
7100 .... - Shaojin /(ung Fu Cub meets. Drop ~ 
for a ~ of the unique Martial Art. In W W~t 
~, 
... pili - TaeIcworxt> CUb meets r~lar~ on 
Tuesd<¥ a"ld ~ EIII!f)One wecome to try 

~r tW1d5 at this martial art Black belt InStructIOn. 
In the \/Vest BaIco,¥, 

z.ea,.. -Finding w Hidden.JoO Market BO% 
d all po vacancies in unadooertised. This career 
seIIIices waricshop wi. t9ch)QJ a wi!IJ IC findout 
about them. In the ~Ie Formal Lounge. 
-n.saAY 

- Graduate SchooI/Law/MBo\ I'\dvising. 
Planning on a grac1late, law or MBI'I. ~ 
program ~ UCSO? '*" witt! ac:tnissions and 
application questions todi!IJ by appoinrmI!Ilt ont,o. 
cal c..- Services Center at 452-4939 br more 
detailed iriorrnation. In ttle Student Center Bldg. 
/'\. 

- Metnay Control - DevI!Iop total memory 
~. It forgetting information is something)QJ 
can ctI without. don't miss It1is IMlrkshopI We'll 
CI:Ner the mind power tectnques known as 
In II!I1IOIla !associations. lIisuaIilation, and kl!)' 
\/\Ord pegsl and talk about r.- to ~ for total 
~L SpoISOlI!d by the OASIS ~ading and ~ 
Skills Center. In tt1I! Thrd CoIII!ge Hurninties Bldg. 
Conterena rm. 141. 
..... , ... - - The OASIS Gramrna- and 
Mectla'1ics IXA:Jrkshop IS dI!sigled for students 
\I\Ih;) would like IC work on clarifying basic 
grammatical concepts and categories. and 
app¥ng ttlem in an extensNe systematic series of 
practical ~ This practice is valuable for 
~ students \I\Ih;) hiI'oI'e problems -mng w 
c:tJnllIec English sentences demiwlded in academic 
IoViting. An _cise II\iI-uaI to be purchased ~ the 
student wiH ~ used. NI \/\/Ork will be ~ in 
W context ot W worIcshop, In USB 402M.. 
11110 _ - ClN-CI'\Mf'US INTERVIEWING 
ORIENTI'\TlON. It you are inter~ted in 
participaUlg in w Car~ Services Center's ~ 
~ irlter.;ewing program It1is quarter, it is 
ITlirIc:IaICfy ttlat )QJ attend one of ~ 
orienCiItions befbre )QJ intervieN. In ~ Revelle 
Formal Lounge. 
,Z .... , ... pIII- The OASIS French IlIorksrop 
is desigled ~ for students who Me writwlg 
papers ex other Class aSSigr>ments in French. 
SWcII!nts not working on specific papers, but who 
'oI\Oukl fike to ~ their writing ablhty in French, 
ate also welcome. ~ 'Norksrop will olfet" a 
unique opportunity for students to edit their own 
papers. and seeI< cons~ criticism from their 
peers. It will also provide clarification of gramrna-. 
medlanlcs. a"ld sentence a"ICI paragraph struaure. 
Pre-1MiOOg discussions. when necessary, will bI! 
conc1Jcted in French. Students may attend on 

r~1ar or oa;;asional basiS. In USB 4070. 
' ... ZIOO pm - The L1nguage Progam Levell 
and II-This OASIS bw~ on tt1I! thinking skills 
)OU need to suc~fully hMldIe the reading and 
wriUlg tasks assigned III )QJf courses. It is 
desigr>l!d tcx those who want to ~ their 
fngl/stl LYlguage skills. LP classes are taugr>t by 
reading and writing specialists a"ld bilingual tutors. 
LP is presentl!d by tt1I! Oi\SIS Writing Center and 
tt1I! OASIS Reading Center in USB 40608, 21. '100 ..... - Interested /0 Medidne or 
Dentistry 7 Drop-in acMsing in open sessions. In the 
Career Services Center at the Student Center Bldg. 
/'\. 

- How To Concentrate I'\t Will - Eller IIIoOnder 
'-Mly )QJ Ca"I't ~ when )QJ plan to ? Lad< ot 
concentration is one ot tt1I! most dimwit and 
persistent problems COllege students face. This 
workshop identities w factors ttlat disrupt 
learning. and provides proven techniq~ for 
COmbatting ~ problems. learn how 10 putOUt 
your /TIiIJtirrum effort \I\Ihen )QJ want 101 

Sponsor~ by the OMIS Reading a"ICI St~ Skills 
Center. In the Student Center Building 8. tt1I! 

Cal~ence Room. 
.... 10100 _ - The OI'I.SIS Gramma- & 
Mecha"lics Workshop IS deSlgr>I!d for students 
INho would like to work on clarifying basic 
grammatical concepts and categories. and 

app~ them in an extensM!. systematic series ot 
practical exerd~. This practice IS valuable for any 

Religious Functions 
MONDAV ...... DIIlV 

TOgrJaZzi and Michael Serran. Sponsorl!d by the 
Catrolic Studo!!nt Coordinators. In W U'liYersity 

wt~a"I Church. Donation Sl.oo. 

Christia"lity." Taugtt by Bob Siegel of SQjoumers 
Christla"l ~Iowstip. In the North Con~~ce of 

t~ Studo!!nt C~ter bldg B. 

SA'TUIDAY 
'100 PIlI - "Mass on the Grass.- EpiscDpal 
Co/lege Comrrunrty welCDII1I5 )QJ IC ceIeClr8fr 
the Euc:hMist with us. Singing. refreshmlents to 
folow. Balboa Pin at Sixth and Nutm!g. /fit rains. 
_'II use St paurs across the street. 

s.oo pili - CattDlic Mass. Sponsorl!d by the 
Catholic COlT1lTlJnity at UCSD. In the lk1~ 

wt~ Church. LiI Jolla Shor~ and N. Torrl!)' 
Pines Rd. 
~Y 7...... ..... -Asia"l American Christian 
Fellowship (,Y.CF)- Tonight. we will he. Jim 
~ak on w how. what , and ~ ot Evangelism. 
We wecome )QJ to join us. In t~ North 
Conference Room at the Student Center, 
'T'UUOAY 
7100 .... - Film Diswssion; Homosexuality-I'\ 
IlJrden ex a .Jaj "L1 Cage Awe Folie" with Hugo 

WlDNlSDAY 
6100 pili - Lutherans at UCSO host a supper 
open to all. In t~ Lounge of lkliYersilV Lu~an 
Church. just west of Revelle COllege. 
........ - Bible S~ led l¥ Pastor .John I-tJber 
will baJs on Acts 14 iI1d IS, Open to~. In 
ttle l.otnge ot l..hiIIe'sity I..uthera"l Church, across 
w street from Urey Hall. 
7 .......... - Is UCSO clepriM!d7 Find out 
this Wednesday. In the Chancellor's CCJIll>lex lilA 
(Inter-Varsity Christian Fellowship) 
71 • ..... - For Christia"lS, a series of ~ 
seminars "Answering Ouestions about 

The Weekly 
Calendar 

IllEDNUDAY 
1~11OO pili - A place and time SI![ aside for 
faculty, staff a"ld students to c:orne and meditate In 
Silence. ~ace Meditations at UCSO, P&L 1117. 
6IIS ..... - Men's Soccer. UCSO \'S. Pomona-
Pitzer College. At Muir Aeid. 

MiIrldrIIille I'\ldtorium Saturday at 8 :00 pm. 
Sunday at 3:00 pm. Thomas ~ IS the c::onruaor, 
and offers "Egmont Overture" by BeethoIIen. 
"Piano Concerto #3" by Prokofiev, Gusta\io 
Romero soloist and Beriloz' " Symphony 
Fantastique." General admiSSIon: S5; Students: S3 . 
SATWmAY 
IlOO _ - Men's a"ld Women's SWlm-UCSO 

1100 pili - Fr~ film: "Martin Luther-HeretJC.·· 
Prcx1Jcl!d ~ ~ B8C. shown on ~ 467th 
anniIiersary of w~s posting ot the 95 ~ at 
\JViuenoerg. EIII!f)One is weCDn1e. In t~ Chapel of 
the U'lillersity l..uttlerirl O..,rch at LiI Jolla Shor~ 
Dr. and North Torrey Pines Rd. 
10100 pIII- Candlefig-ot Mass. Sponsorl!d by tt1I! 
Ciltholic Comrrunity at UCSO. In the c:t1apet ot t~ 
l..hiIIe'sity wt~a"I Church. 
1Hf"'~Y 
SJ4S pili - The ~ 0irYle'. Good food iI1d 
~at co~. Sponsored by ttleCaltlolic StudI!nt 
Coordinators. Oon;ot;on 52.00. In tt1I! Catnolic 
lDunge of t~ U'liYersity Lu~irI ChurCtl. 
7100 ..... - ~ break~~ join us for an 
eXCIting time of feflowstip, entertainment. singing 
and insight imc a personal retationst1p with Jesus 
ChriS[. Sponso<~ by GJmpus ~ for Christ. In 
t~ North C~~ Ib:lm Iby EDNi'\I. 
7 •• pili - Join our "CJUSiIde" to bec.ome 
biblically literate. Bible study: "Practical 
Witness/Evetyday Faith" sponsor~ by ttle U1itI!d 
Campus Ministry repr~erl[ing Pr~byterian. 
Methodist. UCC, and Disciple of O.-Ist. AU. .e 
wl!lcome. Refrestments IC bllow. In ttle South 
Conference Room. Buildng 8 at ttle Student 
Center. 
7 ...... -Blble~ ~ b/OIelS not a IeXUX>Ok 
for betlaIIior. not a resQXce for predicting the 
lJture. The billie makes extensNe use of rY¥h Then 
lMlat !Pod is it? Come and ~ ttle CaInolic 
view of the billie. In ttle CaItIo~c Lounge at ttle 
U'lillersity Lut~a"I Church. 
,..DIIlY 
IlOO .... -Hal~ Costume Party. Sponsorl!d 
by ttle Catnolic Student Coordinators. In the 
~Ie Inbrmal Lounge. 

SoOO ..... - Catholic Mass. Sponso<~ by the 
CJIh)/ic COITlI'I1Jnity at UCSO, In ~ l./niIo'I!rSity 
wtheran Church. 
SUNDAY 
.. "'S • 11100 _ - Episcopal Chutctl 
\lCIorshp Ser\ijce: Sunday Euct..-ist and Parish 
feflowship. In ttle Good Sama-ita"I EpiscDpaI 
Church, at 4321 Eastgate Mall across Genes« 
from ttle east end of ~. north ot LiI Jolla 
Village Dr. N the intrrs«tJon of Eastgate Mall and 
~. 
.,11 ..... - Folk Mass. In tt1I! Good Samaritan 
Episcopal Church. 4321 Eastgare Mall. 
... _ - C1tholic Mass. Sponsored by ~ 
Catrolic Convrunity at UCSO. In the U'l~ 
Lutheran Church Chapel, at ttle comer of North 
Torrey Pines and LiI .JoIa Shores. 
, .... - - Lutheran Worship Ser\iice: "Our 
Emerging Consensus." by Pastor .John Huber. 
0pe1 to all. In the Chapel of the Ulflloerslty 
lJJthera"l Churth. KlOSS from Rt!W'IIe College . 
101J0 _ - cattloIic Mass. Sponsored by the 
CacToIic COITlfI'U'Iity at UCSO. In the Student 
Center Bldg B, Lowe" Level CorRrence Room 
.,.,S _ - ~ of Luther's Table Talks II!cI by 
Pastor Jam H\JI:Ier. E\IeI)'Orle 1IVeIalnr. In the 
Lounge of ~ UrWerSity l.utheriITI Church. 
s.oo .... - CatnoIic Mass. Sponsored by tt1I! 
CiItholic CClt'IIII'U1ity at UCSO. In the Ulfl.oerSlty 
Luthera"l OlUrch. 
7100 .... - l..uttlerirl Worship SI!Mcr with 
sermon on "Our Emerging Consensus." by Pastor 
Jam Huber. Open IC all. In w 0IapeI ot the IlOO ..... - Film: "Martin Luther: l-leretic." at w 

U'liYerslly Lutheran Church. across tt1I! street: from 
UrI!)' HaN. This fllm is a part ot t~ I'\mual 
RebrmatlOn Day ot\5erva"lce. Sponsor~ by the 
Office of ReI.gious I'\trairs. 

intrasquad Pentathalon, At ttle CarJ}'OI'IIIIew Iii' iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii~ I'\quatic Center. 
, .... ,100 pm - 'What would w hoIid<¥ be 
like without - cooki~I le.n to create )QJr 
Christmas fiM)rites at Canpus Recreation's Cookie 
'Norkshop. Sign up at CanyonIiiew for this 
gourml!{ experience. call 452-4037 for details. S9. 
IOIlCHIOO ..... - Spend a day touring the 
lllineries ot San Die!;p's own North County, This 
Day At is being brought to)QJ by OCR. For dI!taiIs 
r;all 452-4037. SIO. 

Ur-Nersity Lut~ Church. 

IlOO ... - PrevieIN ot "Treiilllll'¥ of the Wells.·" 
in ttle Mandell Weiss Center for the Performing 
JI\rts. This paly is a folie song to the t~atre and to 
ttle people wro malce us /aJgl and cry-actors 
and actr~. Eric Christmas portrays Sir Wilfiam 
Gower, Robert Israel and Richard Riddell 
collaborate for ttle Sl![ cIesign. General admission 
ror this previelN: S5. Prices for all other 
pertorman~ are, general admiSSIOn: SB; 
taculty/statr: s 7; students/seniors: S5. 
lIfUIISDAy 
IlOO pili - "Trelawny ot the Wells,' " in the 
Mandell Weiss Center br ttle PerrorrTllng JI\rts. 
PerforrrB'lO!S through Sunday at 8:00 pm. 
PRlQAy 
1 Z.o.IIOO ..... ThI!oOOre Wadell Exhibit at w 
Mandl!ville J'\rt Gallery, An I!hillition organIZed by 
the Yellowstone JI\rts Center of tt1I! ra"lcher's 
paintings ot angus a"ld longhorns. 1'\ catalog Is 
iWailable. The extibition continues to Decembl!r 9. 
Gallery hours are noon to 5 pm. TUed¥ ltTougI'I 
Sundays. with ttle exception ot NlMmbl!r 22 
through 25 when the gallery will tie dosed. 
SIOO a.a ..... - Reception for Painting! 
Cerimia Extibit at ttle GtOI.'e Gallery ~ 
8onnI!r Hall and the StudI!nt Center. Works by 
Eileen GI.dTu1d5on and Susan Flowers. 
7100 .... - Films: -Chalt of ~ Bladcsmittf ' 
and "My Su/\/ivall'\s An 1'\boriginaI. " in room 10 7 of 
Third Lecture Hall. Sponsorl!d by w colTlT1ittee ror 
'Norld Democracy. 
7 ..... - Women's Volleyball. UCSO loS. US 
Intemationall..tlillersity. In the Main <¥n General 
acmission: S2; students: SI. 

SAn.JAY.~y 
- IntI!rfTlediate Ibckdimbing at .Joshua Tr~: 

1ndude5 drner Saturday, breakfast SUnday. 
coOking equipment. tents, dmbing equipment. 
Instruction. and rraruportation. M~et at 
~ Outdoor E""ipment Room. S3O. 

- L1 Jolla CiIIic/Urliliersity ~hof¥. at ttle 

students \I\Ih;) hiI'oI'e proIlIems writing the COfT¥l/ex 
English sentences demanded in academic writi1g. 
An exercise manua/IC be pwchas4!d ~ ttle student 
wi. be used. 1'\11 \/\/Ork will be co~ in w 
conrexr d the worIcshop. In USB 30508. 
...., .... - - Interested In Medick1e or 
Dentisby7 ~ acMsing in open sessions. In tt1I! 
Career Set\Iices Center at Student Center Bldg. 1'\. 

1~11OO ..... - THE OI\SIS SPMlISH 
IMJRKSHOP is a new (earure of the LiInguage 
Program. It is desigled ~ br students who in 
writing papers or ottler class ass91111!11ts in 
Spanish. Students not working on spedftc, but 
IMlo IMlUId like to perfect their writing ability in 
Span/stlMe also woek:ome. The IXA:Jrkshop will olfet" 
a unique opportunity for students to edit their own 
papers. and seek ~ aitidsm from their 
peers. It will also provide daritication of gramrna-. 
ITl«hanIcs. and sentence and paragriJjhstrucn.re. 
Pre-wiring ctso 1SSions. when necessary. wia ~ 
conc1Icted in Spanish. Students may attend on 
regular or occasional basis. a«ording to their 
flI!eds. In USB 4070. 
........ -lnteNewing Skills 1XA:Jrkshop. (0)QJ 
need ~ in preprilg br pb intelViews7 Career 
Services Cernr win prOliide tips on ~ best W¥ 
IC pr~ )QJr qualifications a"ld what kind ot 
inteMew questions to e<pI!Ct. In W Re¥elle 
FonnaILounge. 
- Minority Student Grac1late Schoollnbrmation 

Session. Facuky/grac1late student panel INiIi 
dswss ttle ~ school experience from a 
minority ~. In W North Con~~ 
Room 
lHImnAY 

- Graduate School/Law/MBI'I. I'\dvising, 
Planning on a graruate. law or MBI'I. degr~ 
progr- a~ UCS07 Help with aanissions and 
application questions todi!IJ by appointment on~. 
Call C1reer Services Center at 452-4939 for more 
detailed information. In tt1I! Student Center Bldg. 
A 
.... ,0.00 _ - ~ OASIS Gramrna- and 
Mechania Wor1cshOp is desigrJed for students 
IMlo would like to work on clarifying basic 
grammatical concepts and categori~. and 
app¥ng them in an ~ systematic series ot 
practICal exercises. This practice is valuable for i!Tty 
students \I\Ih;) hiI'oI'e proIlIems writing w c:ompIec 
English sentences dema'lded in academic writing. 
I'\nexerdse manual to bepurchased by the student 
will bI! usl!d. 1'\11 work will bI! (DfTl)ieted In the 
(Dnt&[ ot t~ workshop. In USB 30308. lOll."" _ - Inter~ted in w Health 
Professions? ~sing appointments alailable for 

c.a-~ planning and pre-professional school 
preparation. Call Career Set\Iices Center at 452-
4939 in ~a"lce for a"I appointment but no e.ber 
tha"l one IIIII!ek. In the Stucient Center Bldg. A 
ZIOO-JIOO pm - The ~ Progam ll!\ll!ls I 
& /I - This OI'\SJS foaJseos on the ttlnking skills)QJ 
need to succ:essful~ nancJe the reading a"ld 
writing tasks assigned n )QJr courses. It is 
desigrJed for those \I\Ih;) want 10 perfect their 
English language Skills. LP classes Me tauglt by 
reading and writing specialists a"ld by bdlngJal 
!Utors. LP is presentl!d by the OASIS Writing Center 
a"ld t~ OMIS Reading Center. In USB 40608. 
JI. pIII-C1r~rs In P\Jblic Heallh1'\ numbl!rof 
different options are iWailable in this fieid, Usten to 
a panel ot prof~1Of1a/s relate ~r experiences 
and give acMce. In t~ North Conference Room. 
I'RIDIIlY 

10~ZIOO ..... - Sdence and Engineenng Jao 
Fair. This is your chance 10 informal~ talk aboutJOb 
opportunities with a Wide VMiety of efllllo)'ing 
organizations, In t~ Rl!CTeation Gym . 
• 011.11110 _ - Interest~ In the Health 
Professions 7 I'\dvising appointments alailable for 
c.a-eer planning and pre-proteSSionai school 
preparation. C111 Car~r Servic~ Center at 452-
4939 in aa.rance for a"I appointment. but no eatlier 
tha-l one ~k. In tt1I! Student Center Building A 

12100 ..... - Men's Water Polo. UCSO loS. I'\ir 
Force ~, at the CanyorMew I'\quatic 
Center. 
.100 ..... - ...... _ - Midnight VoUl!)'bali 
ClassIC NI night mIXed volleyball cbubles 
tournanent. Open to flrst 16 men and women. 
Si~up as an indivO.JaI. Players will rotate 
p.ytnerS. 8aroecue dinner starts at 6 pm. S5. 
Lecture 
IIIIONDAY 
4100 ..... - OrgarvcCherr;,.try Sernincr. Martin 
SenmeIhack. Princeoton li1ive"sity, on -CartJene 
and Diene TrcYlSltion Metal C~ New 
Reactions and I'\pp4ications to Organic Syr1thesis. 
In Peterson Hall 102 
- Senlin.Y in COSrTllC Plasma f't¥ics, in room 4882 

in JV>M. Muir COllege. Carl McUwain. "The Auroral 
ShelI.·· 
7100 filii -1'\ brmal cIetlate ~ S. TAR. a"ld 
the YoufWJ Republicans with panelists from 3 
dfferent nI!WSpi!pers. U'lill'ersity Ext #150, 

~Y 
ZIOO .... - Energy Center Seminar, In room 7104 
UrI!)' Hal. in Revelle. N,D. Joshi. "Gr~tional 

E~ on Premixed PartiCle Cloud F/a'nes." 
..... 100 ..... - InstruCtIOn and MeditatJon 
techrliques to i~ concentration and clarity 
for academia, sports a"ld imer peace. Peace 
Medtations at UCSO, In USB 4010. 
4100 .... - The Women's Center Co~ Hours 
are inbrmal lea1xe/discusslOns with outstanding 
wanen on ~. This Tuesday. Visual JI\rts 
Professor Moira Roth speaks on "Women in the 

Organizational 
MONDAy 
SIlO .... - Inter~tl!d in finding out more about 
Isr~l? The Israe/1'I.ction Commttee will ~ its 
nett meeting on Monday at W Revelle Informal 
lDunge. 
TUlSDAY 
11 ~ZIIO pili - 1'\ bake sale iI1d information 
table, done by a"ld for w Urban Studies Student's 
Organization. "What has baking got to do with 
urban studies?" Find out Get tips on IX>th. In 
Revelle Plaza. 
7100 pm - Surf Cub Meeting. Attempt to 
scounge SIO.oo for membershp a"ld T-Shirt and 
bring It along with)QJr tatter~ IX>~. If you can't 
surf, come arTfWi!IJ and p/O the clan that spends 
more time at the ocean's edge tha"l any around. In 
USB 3010. 
_DNDDAY 
IlOO _ - RENV, a student exganlZatlon dealing 
with tt1I! acadernk a"ld SOCial needs and desires ot 
students re-entering school <Iter an absence of five 
or more years, is hiMog a ~tlng in the Muir 
Co/lege Writing Program Conference Room, HSS 
2346. 
~ ..... - Pre-dental Club will hod its electIOns 
for remainder ot '84-'85 school year. 1'\11 offices 
open-you can even crl!ate your ownl II takes as 
nu:t1 time as you wanl to rjve, and it's great 
experience. In t~ Revelle Informal Lounge. 
THURSDAY 
5100 pili - American Chemical Society Meeting. 
/'1./1 students Me INelcomel There Will be a guest 
speaker, refreshments, a"ld diswSSlon of exdtlng 
upcorring evI!flts. In Rm. 1000 of Urey Hall. 
s.oo pm - The UCSD Speech and Debate CUb 
Wa"lts to get memtlers(OId and ne.v) organiz~ tor 
I4>COlTlng tournaments. /'1./$0 diSCUSSIOn ot coach 
selection and speech class for lllinter OJarter. In 
HSS 2333 . 
FRIDAY 
'61. ..... - Support your on~ bcal non-roie 
playng dub. 1'\11 we n~ is your presence. I'm sure 
you Will enjoy it. WI! play several fantasy/war 

~, and are aI~ open to new Ideas. In /'\PM 
2113. 

20th Century Alt." Studena. staff and taculty ate 
all weIconr. Refretments ser'oIed. In W 'Nomen's 
Resource Center. 
4100 ..... - ~cs Senlin.Y. in room 
2622 ot USB, in Revelle. Robert Watts, U'lillersity of 
Syd'ley, l'\ustralia, on -Molecular ClJsters." 
.... ..... - NudeiIT W~apons a"ld Society 
Seninar, in the Revelle Formal Lounge. IIe')jamin 
I.arnbeth. ot IUlND Corp., "SoI/Iet ' NucleM 
Weapons Str~." 
7100 .... - 'Mlat ate w economic irflJIications 
of who wins the election 7 And out by atterlding a 
panel ctso Ksion of t~ eccnonia faculty. 

Sponsor~ by EconomiCS/Management Sciencr 
Studl!nt AssociatJOn IEMSSI\j. In Hl1438. 
7110 ..... - International CI!r'Iter Fireside Political 
Scien<r Lecture. at w International Center. 
Gregory /'\. Grl!b, on "ProIlIems and f'rospI!as ot 
U5-ScMet I'\rms Control." 
_DNISOAY 
IZIOO -C1~bmiaSpa:eIrlstituieSenl!na". in 
room I~ ttle f't¥ir;al Oceanograpt}' and Spa:e 
SCiences Building. at w Scripps Institute of 
Oceanograpty. Lee Elson. on "The I'\tmospheric 

~ics d Verus: Recent Observation a"ld 
ModeIs." 
IZIOO ..... - Researcn Seminar on Mexico and 
lJS-Meucan Relations. in w (()life et ICC' Room of 
the Institute of w I'\mericas Buildng in Third 
College. CiustaIo C1brera ""-*>. of EI Colegio 
ell! MeVco and brmer din!ctDr of w National 
Council on Population PI:IIity. "Mexican Population 
Poli<¥." Presentation will be in Spanist\ 
.... ..... - Chemical fJ 9' _Rig Senlin.Y in 
room 7104 of UrI!)' Hall in ~Ie. Michael 
Doherty, of w U'liIIersity of MassachJsetts, 
"Designs a"ld Analysis of I'\zeotropic Distillation." 
.... pili - Condensed MaUer Physics Seminar in 
room 1205 ot HL in Revelle. FD.M. 1-IaIdane. of 
USC. "Studies ot t~ Fractionally Ouanml!d Hall 
EtJea." 
lHUllSDAY 

.2100 .... - BiochI!misUy Seminar n room 2100 
Basic Scien<r Building in the School ot Meckine. 
fibbert FIetteric1<. of UCSF. "PIttein DesigrI: 
Mociticacms of Trypsr. tna .Abr Aaivrty 
Confirmilltion and Spl!citkity." 
• ZIOO .... - The 1J!~ ot III'ClfTlI!n Voters 
pree'1t the Propositions on tt1I! ~ Balbi. 
in 5unrler I'\udItorium in W Scripps Instlture of 
Oc~iJjty. Sponsored by Ocea"lica. 
....... - SocioIogfC~ in room 7077 of 
H&SS in Muir. "Ca"etakers. ~. Guides 
and <iobetweens: In!pleme 0 19Refugl!ef'tllq 11'1 
Soutt1east Asia. " 
SoOO ..... - GeoiogIr;aI SCiences Sernina", n 10 
Old Scripps BuIlding. in ttle Scripps Institute ot 
OceanogriPfY. DaIIid HodeII. of ttle ~ ot 
RhocII! lsiarld. "L.1te Neogene PaIeoceanograpt}' 
of t~ South I'\tIantic Ocean." 

~Y 
ZIOO ..... - AMES BioengIneemg Sernnar, in 
room 274 Medical Te~ Faculty. n w Schoo/ 
of Medicine. HJ(. Chang. of USC. -Higl FrI!qUE'Oty 
Verdation." 
....... - "\Mlo KilII!cI General Ed! /CatIOn T' In 
room 108 of Peterson Hall. in Third Clark ~. 
president emeritus. li'W'I!rSIty of CaIiforrN. 
SA~Y 
... - - "The ~·s Voice: care and 
Mairltena"Ice." In t~ MandI!II Wess Center for tt1I! 
Performng JI\rts. This program is desigrled to 
iIda~ ttle proIlIems experienced by those \I\Ih;) 
use their KJices for sng.ng. acting. and public 
speakng. The cost of ttls syr'4XI5ium IS sa. For 
more inbrmatJon call 75&3887. 
u.aAL. I!VBWrS 
lHImnAY 
,1 .... ,100 .... - l'I.utograph SIgning for tt1I! 
new UCSO Staff I'\ssodatJon Cookbook, "For the 
Ec1Karedl'\ppl!tite." ln W UCSO Bookstore. Many 
of those \I\Ih;) conuibuted rl!Cipo5 WJI be on ha"Id. 
The book contains more than 300 ~. 

The WeekJy c.lendar: sulblble toT fTamlng or for wrappIng dead fish. 



UCSD upsets Colorado College, 2-0 

Agalnsr number-one-ranhed Colorado 
College Friday afternoon, SCOIt Strommer, ... 

By ALICIA AGOS 

T HE CROWD that turned out at Warren FIeld lor lasl Friday's UCsD vs. Colorado 
College men's soccer game was 
pure San Diego. The coolers were 
out, the beach chairs were up, and 
the sunglasses were on. This easy-
going, good-natured crowd was 
ready for an exciting, close game. 
They saw one, roo, as the Trirons 
displayed what coach Derek 
Armsl rong calls theIr "strength m 
teamwork" by beating the nation's 
number-one-ranked Division III 
team, Colorado College, 2-0. 

Against Colorado, the Tritons 
were definitely on theIr game. 
Assistant coach David Griffin 
called the match "one of the better 
games this season. It was 
definitely exciting. The crowd 
really helped . The fans really gel 
our players gomg." UCsD's dnve 
was also fueled by the news that a 
win against Colorado would 
baSically assure them a benh in 
the upcommg NCAA DiviSIOn III 
playoffs. 

Paul Carlson , who played very 
solidly on Friday, added, "This 
game was one of the highlights of 
Ihe season for us. It was a big 
game, especially WIth Ihe crowd 
Ihere ." 

The crowd was happy to help. 
Barry Thompson's morher, down 
from the Bay Area for the game, was 
pleased with the large crowd 
lurnOut , but felt it is unfonunale 
that the team hasn't received 
much suppOrt in the pasl. "They 
have been doing so well this 
season, they deserve II." 

The T rirons' succes~ this season 
(their record IS 14-2-1) is largely 
due to the general feeling of 
compatibility Ihat the players, as a 
team, express. They play very well 
as a team, and this is what theIr 

Is Doug Dannevik's 
v-ball legacy slipping? 
By SEAN LlBBERTON 

DOUG DAN EViK and hIS Triron women's volleyball learn traveled nonh to La Verne over the 
weekend ro keep ahve a "legacy." 

Although it's not quite on the level of 
USC-Notre Dame or Michigan-Ohio 
Stale football, recent history ha~ dIctated 
that a UCsD-La Veme showdown IS one 
of the best match-ups in IntercollegIate 
women 's volleyball . The two teams have 
always played each other tough , and . 
more often than not, with more than 
Just the game on the line. 

Friday I1Ight was no di fferent. At 
stake was 1 guaranteed IIlvltation to the 
upcoming DIVISIon III Reglonals, as well 
as braggIng rights to one 01 the sporr's 
most I ntense rIvalries. 

Unfortunately, UC:,O .lppeared to 
have left its IntensllY ba k home In 
Tnton Pavilion. La Verne. ,pu rred on by 
a home-court crowd and the VIsitOrs' 
numerou, mentJI ml :;tJkes , S\\ ept the 

Tntons 15-11. 16-14 and 15- 12. For 
wach Dannevik, it was only one more 
epIsode III hIS team's seemlllgly end less 
struggle for consIstency. 

' We really gave them the match ," 
stated a disappOInted Oannevik. "We 
found .\ game plan that we thought 
could beat L1 Verne. We used a 
dllferent blocking scheme, a dtllerent 
delensc. But we gagged. It's been a 
pattern by us aU season to get a le .. d 
and then no! come through." 

FrIday night's game gives a lot of 
eVIdence to suppOrt Oannel'lk's cIalln . 
A~ead JJ-3 in the second game, the 
[mons could do nOlhlllg to StOp an 
lIleredlble Leopard (;Qmeb~ck. "We even 
had a chance to \\'111 II at 14-1 J," Jdded 
Dilnncvlk, no\\' In hIS six th year at the 
helm of arguably UC O's most suclessful 
SpOrt, progr,lIn. "Bul our selVe lI'asn 't 
cl'cn_c!<hC. Flolll there \\'e loulun't stop 
---J..Q:. TINUW lJ:\ PAGE I~ 

coach feels is their greatest asset. 
"Our -trength is our teamwork 
Once-you lose Ihat Y0U Stop being 
a s~ccessful team. Our strenglh is 
havmg dlfTerent people playing 
well on dtlre rent \\eeks." 

Unlike some attention-hungry 
athletes, the players on this UCsD 
team are reluctant to grab their 
share, however justified, of the 
winners' glory. It is interesling to 
discover how much of a true 
leam-oriented squad UCSD ;'en 's 
soccer is. Warren Hollinger feels 
thaI the players are a leam both 
on and off the field . "We play very 
strongly together. We get togelher, 
we make poslers together, we fix 
this field IWarrenj togethel." 

The win against Colorado was 
definitely a team elTon. Both the 
offense ,md the defense came 

. through at key times. The two 
goals came within seconds of each 
other and were due to the blazing 
play of Greg Schwarz and Tim 
Kim. 

Although Colorado was, 
according ro Armstrong, "huning 
due ro a recent loss to Claremont " 
the win was very big in impact. ' 
"Now it will be very hard for the 
NCAA to ignore us." Hollinger 
admitted that, psychologically, 
Colorado was a liule down , but he 
also stressed, ' We would 've beaten 
them anyway." 

Even though UCsD is, at this 
pomt, just waiting for the formal 
invitation from the NCAA, the two 
remaining games this week, along 
with the playoffs themselves, are 
very important and deserve a lot 
of attention. Said Armstrong, 
"Right now we are looking to host 
the playoffs here ." 

UCsO hosts Pomona-Pitzer 
Wednesday at Warren Field. 
Game time is 3 pm . ~ 

... Scott Weisenberg and the rest of the Tritons 
headed towards the upset of the season. 

Volleyball 
< CONTlNUEn FROM PAGE 16 < 
them." The Tritons also led in the thIrd 
game 9-5 before succumbing 15- 12. 

The loss naturally brings up the 
question as to just how good the T rilOns 
reaUy are. Although currently ranked 
eighth in the nation among Division III 
schools, the team's 14-11 overall record 
is less than overwhelming. Dannevi k 
thinks that he knows what separates his 

team from some of Ihe nation 's higher-
ranked programs. 

"Physically, we're just as good as La 
Verne. But we lack that certain person 
to lead us on the coun. It's not really a 
question of experience. Our gIrls have 
the experience. But we need a gamer, 
and that's something that's JUSt not 
coachable." 

Whether or not a team leader 
emerges within the next couple of 
weeks could me,an the difference 

IS THIS YOU? 
• Strong self-confidence 

• Demonstrated leadership and 
technical skills 

• Strong academic record 
• Eager to accept responsibility 

• High energy level 

If this description fits you, see us at the 
Science and Engineering Job Fair, November 2, 

about a career in management 
information consulting. 

We offer our professionals: 
• Excellent technical and business ttaining 

• Great variety of assignments 
• Rapid advancement 

• Oppottunity for travel 

ARTHUR 
ANDERSEN 

&..Co 

between being invited to next month's 
Western Regionals and just reading 
about them in the paper. "Losing to La 
Verne means we WOn't host any of the 
Regionals ," noted Dannevik, who added 
that the Leopards have the best shot at 
playing at home for the finals . "But we 
have n't been eliminated. We're definitely 
still in it." 

After tomorrow night's match against 
the University of San Diego Toreros at 
UsD, the Tritons return home to face 
lJslU Friday night at the Pavilion. 

Monday, Oct. 29, 1981 17 

UCSO meets La Verne once again at the 
Lite-Triton Invitational November 9 
before the regular season ends and the 
Western Regionals beglll the following 
weekend. Dannevik can only hope that 
the two teams' legacy of quality volleyball 
continues, or else he may find his team 
in the midst of a brand new, much less 
enviab le tradition: three consecutive 
losses to the Leopards and no pOSt-
season for the first time in four 
years. 

Triton trio to be honored Friday 
Three members of UCSO women's volleyball team will be honored Friday 

evening at Triton Pavilion in a special "Fairfield's Farewell Night" promotion before 
the Tritor.s' 7:30 match with US International University. 

Semors Kristin Kilbourn , Molly Wheatley and Karin Kalk will be honored for 
their achievements and contribmions to UCsD's nationally recognized volleyball 
program. Kilbourn , Wheatley and Kalk are the only remaining members from 
UCSO's 1981 NCAA National Championship team. 

Kilbourn , a S-lO blocker from Llguna Beach, is a 1983 NCAA All-America 
selection and a four-year starter for the Tritons. Twice named co-captain, Kilbourn 
recently bewcame the first UCsD women's volleyball player to exceed 900 career 
kills . She currently has 918 to her credit. In addition, Kilbourn holds five additional 
UCSO volleyball standards: Single-season records for solo blocks (62), block assists 
(94), and block points (218), all set during the 1983 season; and career records for 
block assists (188) and blocking points (408), 

Wheatley, a 5-6 hitter from Manhattan Beach, is also a 1983 NCAA All-America 
selection and a four-year staner for the Tritons. In addition, Wheatley has twice 
been named to the NCAAAII-Tournamentteams in 1981 and 1983. Second behind 
Kilbourn with 901 career kills, Wheatley has also recorded the second-highest 
single-season kill total with 374 in the 1983 season. 

The third and tallest member of this talented trio, Karin Kalk, is a three-year 
starter and a 1983 NCAA All-Tournament Team selection. The Triton leader in 
blocks the past two years, the Bishop, California, product is UCsO's career leader 
in solo blocks with 128 and is fourth in career kills with 489. 

Game time for Friday's match is set at 7:30. Admission is $1 for students, $2.50 
for non-students. 

All AMES 
~Jon, Pre AMES MaJon 

and Stud.nll 
Interested In AMES should 

attend an Infonnal 11I •• tlng 
on curriculum cluing .. , 
new programs, policy 

updates In AMES 
Engineering Programs 

Tuesday, Octpber 30 
12-1 pm HSS 2250 

Touring 
Wineries 

....... ,....,doy .......... dw _01 .... __ 
c-y.....,.., ,. -.... 
..... 01 choeot ........ ...t 
...... "-I win bo I"O'rid<d 
10 '.ft"', ~"h.ft(t '0'" 
." .. .-1 ,...., ,...... y .... 
_ bo21. 

Saturday 
November 3 

10am~pm 
$10 



.. 

Sports Slab Midnight volleyball may offer 
more than just fun and a few games 

Tuesday, October 30 
Women's soccer vs. UC Los Angeles at Warren Field, 4 pm 
Women's volleyball at University of an Diego As much a soclal as an athletic event, the annual Mldnight Volleyball Classic wllI be 

Wednesday, October 31 staged alurday at 6 pm in Triton Pavilion and the Rec Gym. . . 
Men's soc er vs. Pomona-Pitzer at Muir Field, 3 pm An hour pnor to the tournament, all volleyballers wlll be cclebrallng \Yuh a wlld 

barbecue extravaganza in the Recreation Conference Room. Grab hold o.f your coals! Thursday, November 1 
Men's water polo at Pepperdine 

But you have to spike fast , as only the nrst 16 men and 16 women wlll be served an 
entrance ticket into this excluslve affair. Bring your $6 entry fee to Canyonvlew by thls 
Thursday at 5 pm if you want to play ball this quarter. . Friday, November 2 

Women's volleyball vs. US International University in Triton Pavilion, 7:30 The format calls for rOtational mixed doubles. Accordmg to tournament spokesman 
Matt Adams, "Each panner tS guaranteed eight different matches with a different 
panner of the opposite sex." Prizes are said to go to the lOp teams, but in this one. 
you never know. 

Saturday, November 3 
Men's water polo vs. Air Force Academy at Canyonvlew Pool, noon 
Men's soccer at US International University 
Men's and women's fencing at UCLA 

ELECTRICAL ENGINEERS AND COMPUTER SCIENTISTS 

The next mO\e is yours. 

MAKE YOUR MOVE 
WITH A CAREER AT LINKABIT. 

Due to continuing expansion of our government 
and commercial projects and the anticipation of new 
ones, we are inviting talented people interested in 
communications system , digital hardware or 
software engineering to consider a career with 
LINKABIT. 

To help stay one move ahead, we've made sure 
that all career paths are flexible. For instance, our 
engineers are assigned to projects depending on their 
interests and abilities. As one assignment is 
completed, new opportunities are made available in 
a variety of areas. 

The creative, free-thinking atmosphere at 
LlNKABIT promotes excellence and is a reflection of 
our physical environment. San Diego, America's 
Fine t City in location, climate, cultural and 
recreational facilities, offers you and your family an 
unsurpassed lifestyle. Ths invigorating setting, 
combined with the challenge, satisfaction, and reward 

of a career at LINKABIT, provides an unbeatable 
opportunity to fulfill your goals. Opportunities are 
also available in the Washington, D.C. area and 
Boston. 

Please contact your CoUege Placement Office to 
arrange an on-campus interview and find out how you 
can make your move with L1NKABIT. If you are 
unable to meet with our representatives, please 
forward your resume with college transcripts to: 
Dermis Vincent, MIA-COM L1NKABIT, 3033 
Science Park Road, San Diego, CA 92121. 

~- - --= [_l=-~i 
fl-M/AoCOM LlNICAIIT, INC. 

Equal Opportunity I 
Alflrmat,ve Act ion Employer 

COMPANY PRESENTATION 
Monday, November 12-12:00-1:00 pm 
Student Center, North Conference Room 

Light lunch will be served 
ON-CAMPUS INTERVIEWS 

Tuesday, November 13 

I ' 

C ... ,fIed advertisIng space Is sold In 
IOO-character Increments. Each 
!ener, punctuation mark and space 
bet\veen words Is considered a 
character, wIth capItal letters 
CCU'1tlng as two cha,.Cllers. The I1Ite 
Is SI per 100 characters for SIUdenIs 
and Sl per 100 chaf1lCtlers for non-
studenIs. You must come by the offtce 
or mall In )IDUI' ad, as we require 
payment In IIdwInce of publIcation. 
DNdllnes are 5 pm Tuesday for 
Thursdays paper, 5 pm Friday for 
Monday's paper. For more 
InforrnaUon call 452-3466. The 
Guard"n, UCSD, 11-016, La JoI .. , CA 
92093. 

Insurance Warl We'" beat any price or 
~ don't want your business. ndcets, 
accidents, sports cars, good 

d~r/student discounts: a" welcome. 
caB 286-1135. Request UCSD Plan. 
111/291 

VloIin7 Viola7 Prep for u3Z' or just for 
fun. Group rates, sliding scale. Helen 
Martin, 457~71. 111/261 
UCSD Resale Shop in International 
Center. Think of us for your Hanovveen 
costume. Open Monday-Friday. /10/291 
Entrepreneurs: If you are one or know 
one, contact Van 481-3213. 51 for valid 
leads. /10/291 

Attention EECS Majorsl Did you know 
that partJdpation in the Academic 
Internshlp Program is now accepted as a 
TedYlical Elective by your Dept 7 There 
is no better way to get both academic 
credit and valuable wor1< elCperience 
than through an AlP Internshipl For 
information about the program stop by 
the AlP otc on Warren <:arll>us No. 406 
or caN 452-4355. /10/29/ 

Informal Sorority Rushl Make new 
friends and have funl EI.!eI'ltS start 10/29. 
can 457-5535 for places and times. 
/10/29/ 

Stop. Don't do it before you see Harold 
and Maude Friday, Nov. 2nd, 6, S, 10 
pm. USB 2722. K. 111/11 
Have you fed the fish la~ly7 Come to the 
UCSD Sailing Club meeting at 6:00 pm 
Monday, Oct. 29inAf'M 2202 to disruss 
upcoming day sails. We ~ barf bagS 
aboard. No elCperience n!Quired. 110/291 

Aucftions for the Revelle play Dark of the 
Moon are Nov. 10 at 10 am at \lClNH7 
Come and be discoveredl/lO/291 

Party bus to SFI Come to the Zionist 
Con~rence Nov. 9-11. Meet other West-
Coast students. Cost ot S25 includes the 
busricIe to San Francisco. call x3616 or 
Micah at 450-4658 for details. Apply by 
Nov. 1. /10/291 
Come one, come all, to the Warren 
Harbor Cruise Dance. Sat Nov. 3rd 8-10 
pm. ndcets 55 Box otrice. 111/11 

HAI.l.OWEEN PARTYlIl Sponsored by Phi 
Delta Theata and Sigma Kappa, open to 
all campusl Oct. 31, 8 pm-I am at La Jolla 
Village 1m. Uve OJ from KSOT, dancing, 
refreshments, costumes welcome. 
nckets: S3 at door or 52 at Box Office. 
110/29/ 

Hal~ isn'tjust for dead people any 
morel Come party Oct. 31 wiltl ZBT at 
the Che Cafe. /10/291 

Hey youl Meet the chancellor of ~ur 
school Tuesday at 3 pm in the 
Intemational Cen~r. Tons of fun I 

/10/29/ 

You can still sign up for the All-Cal. 
Tickets on sale now-II/16. 5299 pIuS 
membership, inc. transpo, 5-lift tickets, 
dlx condo, refreshments & fun. Get your 
ticket at Box Office nowl /10/291 

Broomball, Nov. 10 at the UTC skating 
rink, II pm. Put on by RISe. Free for 
members, SI non-members . In 
preparation of the big game in Vail. For 
more info call Ski Club office. /10/291 

Movie: Harold and Maude, Friday, Nov. 
2nd. 6, 8, 10pm. USB 2722. Te"afriendll 
K. /11/11 

UCSD Ski Radng Team Raffle: Win a trip 
to Vail; S25 gift certificates to Pat's or 
200 other prizes. Nov. 16, Revelle Plaza. 
nckets 52 each or 3 for 55. III/II 

Have you missed the jay of being seasick 
Iately7 Come to the UCSD Sailing C1~b 
meeting at 6:00 pm Monday, Oct. 291n 
!\PM 2202 to discuss upcoming day sails. 
We have barf bags aboard. No 
experience reqUired. 110/291 

Ski Swap Meet: &Jy and sell-clothes 
and equipment. Starting 8 :00 am friday 
Nov. 16, Revelle Plaza. By UCSD Ski 
Racing Team. III/II 

1IIII18illili 
SUrfboard-Nectar Thruster. 5'"'' white 
wiltl blue rails. Great condition. 5150. 
cal 45~9210 after 6 pm. 110/291 
cars for Rent 515 per day, SS5 per 1Neek. 
Unlimited free mileage. Del Mar Car 
Rental. 75S:3201. 111/1/ 

Costume Sale. Huge liquidation sale. 
Terrific prices. Monks, nlllS, saloon girls, 
harems, gorilla, pira~, so. belle, Dracula, 
& more. Great American Costume, 627 
8th Ave. No phone calls please. 
MC/VISA. 110/291 

Minelta Himatic-E 35 nm camera and 
Minelta Electroflash 20, both tor 
S40/bO, call Steve 457-0601. /10/29/ 
COmp. Skis-Kastle Rx National team 
w/Marker bindings, excellent condition, 
S200. 729-7433.110/291 

Rod Stewart Tld<etsl Two front row 
\oIN'er-Ievef. Call and o~rl Mike, 294-
8076 or Valerie 286-9825. 111/11 

1969 GMC Van, partially customized, 
needs minor work. runs \/IIef1. 5650 or 
best offer. 280-9913 after 5. 110/291 
Personal co~rs, ~ in bOx. Casio 
PB-700 portable big screen display, 
160x32 dotmatrix graphic basic. Casio 
FX-80IP tortran programmable 
caluculator with printer /microcasette. 
SS50 0110. call 563-0411. /10/291 

SOOmm telephoto lens. Fits any camera, 
great deal at 570, Kay, at 270-2908. 
Leave message. 111/11 
Bass: Fender P-Bass wiltl case. Excellent 
condition. Must ~. Call Steve 270-
8405. /10/291 

Springsteen tickets for Nov. 4 . Besto~r. 
caM 263-4353 after 6 pm. III/II 

kimDllllll1 
Female wanted to share very large 
house near Price Club IW. Claremont) 
wiltl other ~male and 2 guys. Own 
room and baltlroom. Bed available. 
S285/mo. plus 1/4 uti\. Call 483-3210. 
Available Nov. I. /10/291 

Wanted: Bands to perform on the Plaza 
for noontime concerts. Contact Cindy at 
the Revelle Commuter Lounge or carr 
452-2519. 111/1/ 

Wanted: Video Editing helper for 
student working on projects. Expertise 
needed. Salary open. 273-5458. /10/291 

Wanted: People INho are energetic, 
creatiVe and crazy to audition for the 
Revelle Play. Nov. 15 at \JCINH7111/I1 
Amateur drunvner seeks musicians for 
informal, fun, jams. Carr Mike at 274-
9062. III/51 

Peoples' Souls? Give it to us and we'll 
make }OU happy. Party Halloween with 
ZBT. 110/291 

~IMlMilll ll 
Master bedroom for rent Can be shared. 
3/4 mile from school. Carr Rich or J.K. at 
457-1353. Dec. 1st. 111/291 
Roommate needed for Mission Beach 
apt. 5200/mo. plus 1/4 util . Cool place 
on the beach. Available NOlI. I. 483-
1383. III/51 

Top Drawer Secretarial Word 
Processing . Reports, resumes , 
manuscripts. Student rate. Diane 481-
4160. 111/29/ 

Models. Former UCSD Guardian Photo 
Editor/UCSD calendar Photographer 
now producing hig~Nty, Iow-cost 
mocIeIing portfolios. Color or B&W. carr 
Rich pegak. 695-8714 for appointment 
',0/291 

Burke Secretarial~lity typingl 15 
years experience-Rush jobs 
specialty/Flexible hours. La Jolla 457-
3842. 111/11 

Typing/\IVord Processing-For all your 
typing needs carr Barbara at 454-7624. 
Rush jobs accepted. III/51 
SUrfing Photographer wi" capture your 
tube ride arTy time, i!IYf place. Call Kevin 
at 457-4068.110/29/ 

Expert T}1ling. Word processing & tape 
transcription. Spelling tift. Sandy. 459-
58IB. La Jolla. 111/291 

Sunroofs, hig'l quality glass pop-up 
co"l>le~1y guaranteed. 5115 installed. 
Bob 481-9145. /11/151 

Young mother will babySit in my Hillcrest 
home. Reasonable ra~. Infants OK. Info: 
Allyson 692~296. 110/29/ 
Word processing and typing. Papers, 
resumes, etc. Fast, print qua~ty. 
ALP.HAB.I.T.S. 454-8628. 111/11 

Math Problems 7 I have a BS and MS in 
math. SS/hour. carr Mike 292-0305 after 
II pm. Keep tryingl /10/291 

Ladies: Want to meet sincere, interesting 
men? Foto Date, California's most 
successful dating club, is o~ring a 
limited number of free trial memberships 

to ladies between 18-30. 293-3000. 
/11/81 
Student Regent applications are 
available at the following locations: A.S. 
office, EDNA. Deans' Office, Res. Dean's 
offices. and the Chancellor's office. 
Deadline to tum in applications is 
November 16. For more information call 
Student ActMties Office at 452-4083. 
110/291 

Informal Sorority Rush I Make new 
friends and have funl Events start 10/29. 
carr 457-5535 for piaces and times. 
/10/291 
Are you experienced, involved, 
edJcated on the issues? Want to 
represent the U.c. students7 Apply to 
becOme a Student Regent-Look for 
applications all Oller campus. For more 
information contact the Student 
Acitivities Office at 452-4083, Student 

Cen~r Building A. 2nd Floor. ,10/291 
Fees waived, tr~l. rub shoulders with 
regents. Sound goo(17 Apply to become 
a student regent. Pick up applications all 
Oller cafYllUs. For more information carr 
452-4083, the Student Activities Office. 
/10/291 

It's a joyl Harold and Maude, Friday, 
Nov. 2nd. USB 27228, 6, 10 pm. A movie 
everybody should see. K. ,II/II 

De~r GA, Your requested rnracle will 
arrive on Halloween at 9 am. Due to 
technical difficulties, comparison level 
will be limited to raising of the dead li.e. 
no Red Sea partingl. Love FRM. 110/291 

It's a black & llllhite Harbor Cruise 
Dance. Sat. Nov. 3rd 8-10 pm. TIckets 55 
at Box Office. Buy one nowl. III/II 

.Jennifer, I'm super glad you're my little 
sis. Welcome to AOIII Luv, Your Big Sis. 
110/29/ 

Hey BabyS'l How'd you like to go out 
w/2 gorgeous, irresistible men7 Carr Usl 
Dave & Randy. 110/291 

Chatting with the chancellor takes place 
Tuesday at 3 pm in the Intemational 
Center. All ~lcome. 110/29' 
Come see the classic movie of the year. 
Harold and Maude. Nov. 2nd, 6, 8, 10 
pm. USB 2722. K. III/II 
Corne play thlMT1per with the Ski Club on 
Wed. 1117 in the Rec Con Rm at 8 pm. 
Practice for the All Cal. Pick your stgn and 
hop on Oller. 110/291 

Leslie, Happy Halloweenl Love in Sigma, 
Kelly. 110/29/ 

Put some magic into your Halloween this 
Wed. at noon on the ReveNe Plazal 
Magicianl Pumpkinsl Funl 110/291 

To Gammma Omega Delta Sisters: There 
will be an initiation party w/4 kegs in 
Disc 154 Fri. Luv ur' Bro. /10/291 
Harold & Maude 6, Harold & Maude 8. 
Harold & Maude 10, Harold & Maude 
pm, USB 2722 Nov. 2nd. K. /II/II 

Lost: 3 keys on key ring. Reward. 453-
6714. /10/291 

Found: Sweatshirt found Friday on 
Revelle Plaza. Call x4374, ask for 
.Jemi~r. /10/291 
White T Shirt with Art Center School of 
Design emblem. Please retum at EDNA. 
110/291 

Lost Wed. 10/24. AOII sorority pin. 515 
relNard. carr Jenny at 458-1037. /11/11 

" 



20 Monday, 0 t. 29, 19B~ 

.... ... .. ....,' ~ . x. .... ~ .. .. " . ....... '. '-, .... . 

---SIgn up and detalls at 
~ AdmlnlltJOtflie omces 

What would the holldeys ~ without cOOlcift-
cookies to eet end Sive lIS Silts will be fatured-

Includlns lemon bars, norentlnes, end 
trildittOnlll tee ceka. Belle bllldns tips 

will ~ stressed end cOOkies to take 
home w i ll be prov ided . 

Set. Nov. 3 
10em-1pm .9 

Depertment of Physical EducdtlOll x4037 

UNC L 
Council Travel Services 

PLEASE MAKE YOUR 
HOLIDAY BOOKINGS 

NOW. 
FLIGHTS ARE 

FILLING UP FAST. 

presents 

ON THE HUMP WEDNESDAY, OCT. 31 4:00 pm 
Prizes for Best Costume 

Casual. El,lAS 
HAIR 
DESIGN 

Comfortable. 
Californian. 

I'recUloII.",1e CIIU,., ...... IJJ (,.. '18) 
I'NcUloll .... eMU fw .... "0 (,. .m 

DlrcdIoIIIII,.,... ,~ (,.. '40) SC .. ",..,.., ....... (,.", _) III (reg. $40) 
-..'atN ......... 115(,.. '18) CcI,."....e '15 (,.. 'lJ) 

0.. Ito", ,."" _ I~ (,.. 'J3) 
OllIe Itour re'" .... U.s (,.. IJJ) 

SpecylUQ '" bllle" IYIr 
.4 flAil .Nlce .. 'OIl 

76IJIJ Un. KtI.I Rd. (na. Q)l1. Dr. * lfJ) lA-aII5 
".. MI.II (/OrmtrfM £IJo1y Cuitlng Co.) 7J7 ,.." St.,,. JoIy 

.~1170 .~",.s 
SpeciJIs good with «1 with .'eeted.."Uts tillOUgII II / U / &f 

£)~LJ, /t-HJ(/ ~ ~~" ~~r service ,n m 
~~ INCLUD~: 
, Contact lenses, 

examination, patient 

chemICal care kit 
h Student 1.0. and fitting. Wit 
!~ J J -l • fXT~ND~D W~M ~>y" ~" L!:N5!:50NLY $265 

THE CLASSICAL EYE LOUIS M. TARTAGLIA, O.D. 
ROBERT HELLER, 0 .0. University Towne Centre 

La Jolla Village Square 457 -4 791 
452-7374 

Fashion \.elley Center 
295-0537 


