
ny live-in, speak 
children, no smoking, 

pay. 555-2422. 

OR-Ladies Fitness 
eds enthusiastic, 

instructress. Exp. 
1\ ~o ' leave message. 

~ 

LEGAL SECRETARY 
Civ. & Bus. lit. firm. Must have good 
basic skills word ng 

~TED: Trainees for professional 
careers. No expo nee. Contact ASIO 
or see story, page 7. 



2 Februqry 13, 1984 

The conviction of Ben Saswayof 
Vista, the first of 16 men to be indicted 
smce 1980 for refusmg lO register for 
the draft, was upheld Friday by the 9th 
Circuit Court of Appeals. Nthough 
Sasway IS free on bail, pending an 
appeal to the upreme Court, he 
represents a large thorn m the side of 
the Federal government, which is 
struggling with the huge numbers of 
non-registrants. rhe JUSll e Department 
estlmares the cost of each case at about 
$25,000. 

o 
The National College Poe~ Contest 

IS offering $200 in cash and book prizes 
for aU a cepted poems m the Amencatl 
Col/egwtc Poets Anlhology. The antholog}' 
provides an outlet for collegiate wmers 
throughout the country, as It contains 
pieces from every state m the nallon. 
For more mformallon write to 
Internallonal Pubh atlons, PO Box 44-L, 
Los Angeles, CA 90044 or call 755-1814. 

o 
A political science debate between 

Dr. Peter Irons of the UCSD Pohtlcal 
clence Department and Dr. Ken 

Masugi , resident lellow of the Claremont 
Institute , Will be held on February 17, at 
4 pm m HL AuditOrium. The topiC for 
debate Will be "The Wartime Internment 
of Japanese Amencans ." Irons, whose 
research recently led a Federal Judge to 
overturn a 1944 Supreme Court deCISion 
which upheld the legaltty of the 
Internment of Japanese Amencans 
dunng World War II, WI)) defend the 
recent Commission on Wartime 
Relocation and Internment of Civilians' 
recommendallon of redress payments to 
Japanese Americans. Dr. Masugi will 
argue that the report should be rejected 
by Congress as "fatally flawed" and 
"Intellectually dishonest," 

o 
Full Metal Jacket will be the title of 

tanley Kubnck's next mm venture, and 
he IS conducting a nationWide talent 
search fo r new faces to play the parts 01 
young Mannes In the hIm, The film 
follows Private Joker from hiS carnage-
and-machismo mlllallon rites at the 
Marine Corps training camp (where hiS 
DI brags about Lee Harvey Oswald's 
excellent marksmanship) to the 1968 
VIetnam Tet OffenSive. For more 
information , write to Stanley Kubnck. 
Warner Bros .. 135 Wardour Street , 
London , WI V -fAP, England 

o 
Depressed Individuals who h.lVC at 

least four of the followmg symplOms .Ire 
being sought to partlClpatc In a stud), of 

1968 .. . 
A group 01 .lmblllllUs ~tudents In ,Ultl' 

250 01 Gahllhe,1 h,l\'e t.lken It upon 
themselves III provilk the reSident 
students 01 Revelle College With their 
Itrst c.lmpus radiO stallon . BroadGlsllng 
at 830 on the A.V1 dial. PHUD has beat 
the ollkially sanctioned UC::.D St.llI11n , 
KSD I, to the punch. 
1969 .. , 

Last Monday night, [he I rHon 
wrestltng squad linrshed ItS Itrst 
undcfe.lted home season , .! leat which 
has never before been acmmpltshed b}' 
a UC~D team, Thb coming weekend, 
coach Chuck Mellenb.!h expeus ol 
strong showtng Jt the Biola Tournament 
1970 .. , 

The gOoll ul the ~oclahst Workers' 

.. ~.- ~...... • .;.~ ....... ..,.~ j .~ 

a new anti-depressant medl ation loss 
or change 01 appetite; change in sleep 
patterns, loss of Interest; loss of energy; 
physical resdessness; feelings of 
worthlessness: and thoughts of death . 
Participants m the study must' be 
between the ages of 18 and 65. Weekly 
VISitS ovcr a two-month period must be 
made to the UCSD Gifford Mental 
Health Chnlc In HIllcrest. Volunteers 
receive free psychiatric and medical 
ev,lluanon and medication dunng their 
partiClpalloh, For more information call 
UCSD Psychiatric AsSOCiates at 294-
3006. 

o 
A computer class for hearing-

impaired chtldren and their parents will 
be held on three successIve Sundays in 
March by UCSD ExtenSIOn, The child 
and parent wtll share a Intcrocomputer 
and aSSistance In Amencan Sign 
Language will be prOVIded . Class topICS 
mclude computer hardware, BASIC 
programmmg, computer 
commun ications and special computer 
"adventures." Bruce Fleury, the 
"Outstanding Computer USing Educator 
of 1983," and Margaret Fleuf)', a 
deaf hard-of-hearing CUrriculum 
resource teacher for the S.tn Diego City 
Schools, will be the mS1ructors. For 
more mformation contact Sue Pond rom 
at 452-3430. 

o 
University Pavilion, an 18-bed gener.ll 

medl alJ surglcal Unit located on th e 
11 th floor of the UC D Medical Center, 
whIch was establtshed to meet the 
needs of the Med.tcal Center's fuU-lime 
and volunteer faculty members In canng 
for their private patients, marked its first 
anniversary this month. pectal gourmet 
meal servtce , a warm de orum and 
personal anent ion have brought about a 
12% Increase in private patients slOce 
the Innovative center opened, 

o 
The Ambassador of the Federal 

Republic of Germany to the Unued 
States, Dr. Peter Hennes, WIll address 
the World Affairs on Wednesday, 
Februaf)' 15, In the MISSIon Room of the 
Bahia Hotel. His tOpiC will be "German-
American Relations: PartnershIp Wllh a 
Future?" Dr. Hermes headed the Foreign 
MInistry's Depanment 01 External 
Econom lL Policy, Development Aid 
Poltcy and European EconomiC 
I ntegrallon In tbe early seventIes and 
was dIrector of Western EconomIc 
Relations from 1965 to 1973 The 
luncheon IS scheduled for noon and IS 
oprn to the publtc, For reservillions call 
231 -0111 

Party IS III bUild re,·olutlonary condltlons 
by dr.lwlng poLtuGl1 suPPOrt away lrolll 
the estahlished parties , <lLmrdmg III 
Herman ragg, SWI' gubernatOrial 
c.tndlda[e lor Clhlllrlll..t Spe.lklng co an 
..tudlelKc 01 10 In USB 2622 kist 
Monday Fagg s,lId that he sees WI' .15 'a 
vanguard in the revolutionary struggle .. 
197J... 

What girl u ed to mle ,I unlL}'l:!e lor 
the World, r,ur and 1m a cm: us III 
Yucatan , I> ,In undergradu.l[(, lA, .md IS 
runnmg lor A::' I'rc"dellt 7 -, he energetk 
.lnd unLOIl\·entlllnal Dlllll Clark, (Ditto's 
nllWrtLluS eplslld,':; Will be katured 111 
luture OeJa \ 'us ) 
1972 .. , 

Jlln -tron,kl. ,I UC,O computer 
teehnlcl,tn, IS runnmg .IS the l'e.l(e ,lIld 

In a barren wasteland of concrete sidewalks and bland Stucco buildings, 
ThIrd College can be seen as an easy target for student ridicule, But in the midst 
of this vast desert of a campus hes an oasis of a close-knit, spimed and cross-
cultural student body. 

Steve Cooper, the AS representative for Third College, feels his college has 
been recetving'a bum deal. Because of Third's commitment to minonties and its 
phIlosophy of cultural equality, it has gamed a reputation of being alienated and 
rebellious. 

This anitude comes largely from (he ThIrd College student uprisings thac 
occurred during the tail end of the civil rights movement with the likes of Angela 
DaVIS, 

"Everyone sees us as the 'radical' Third College," Cooper explained, "We're 
not going out lO destroy the campus and we 're not a bunch of communists that 
are trying to take over." 

"To say what Third is, is JUSt top say students caring about students - all 
students As a college giving a chance for aU national minorities, ethnic 
minonlles, religiOUS mmorities, whatever. That's what we try to bring out." 

Third has proven itself a leader when it comes lO college unity, It was 
the first campus to Implement a Big Brother/Sister program that eases 
incoming freshmen into the college hfe, The program has been so 
successful that Warren , Muir and even San DIego State have since adopted 
similar programs. 

Third also has the largest student government, almost five times bigger than 
that of any other campus, 

Recently, the whole college system has effected an upsurge of dissent from 
many students and student leaders. Some feel the system creates anificial 
barriers and keeps the UniverSity from having a strong sense of unity, 

"I think the college system hurts the campus," said AS PreSident Craig Lee. 
"It's a decelllralization of student power." 

The trend lOward dlsintegraling the four college system can be readily seen in 
t~e new Warren housmg project. Because there is such great demand for 
housing on every campus, the old Warren dorms will be given lO Third , and 
both Revelle and Muirwill receive space in the old and new Warren apanments. 

"It gets everyone on a different campus, so it will be harder for a college 
actiVIty lO take place," commented Cooper. "It may give more of a UCSD Spirit, 
but II Will break up the unity that already exists at Third , 

"The college system is what you make out of it," he added, in response to its 
critics, "Third IS so special because cveryone works for it." 

WIthin the AS, Cooper is somewhat concerned over the newly formed Board 
of Evaluations, The Board was created lO revIew all AS Council members and to 
layout their responsibilities. 

Marc Boroditsky, the direclOr of the board , explained its neceSSity: "There's a 
lot of people who don't do their jobs and there's no way to check it. It can only 
prove incentive for AS members to do their jobs," 

While Cooper agrees that this new program will be helpful in making sure 
that people understand and fulfill their elected responsibilities, he still had 
some misgivings. 

"Ther are dangers ," he warned. "The AS is a political body and these 
[evaluations I can be used lO go after people they don 't like . It can be used to go 
after people who don't vote their way, who seem antagonistic to the AS, That's 
not their right." 

"That may never happen," Cooper added, "but let's make sure," 
'n the past few months there have been three alcohol-related deaths 

involvmg Third College students. Cooper has acted on thiS and is now 
beginning lO lay the groundwork for a student committee regarding alcohol 
poliCies which will find "a realistic solution to this tragi problem ," 

He wants to form a student-run taxI service forthose students who have been 
panying and cannot drive home. A system similar to this has proven very 
successful at Torrey Pines High School. 

Cooper also wants LO create a program that will educate students on the use 
and abuse 01 alcohol and the problems that can result from it. 

"The Administration doesn't want to admit lhere's a student drinking 
problem," said Cooper. "As a result of theirstringent poltey regarding alcohol on 
campus the)' may be lorcing students to vemure off campus lO pany, thus 
pUlling morc drunk students on the road." The Third College rcprcsentatlve 
does not know what the Administration will th ink of this idea, but is hopeful 
that if students support him, it may become a reality. _ Phil WII\on 

Freedom Pan), c.lnd ldme for the 76th 
As'oCmhl)' District StronskI s,ml , "The 
PeJCC .md rreedom Part)' demand, an 
end III IJt cat' nnan IIlg of political 
pJntes It demands an end to the 20 
~cond SpOlS and ugly P(llt lIcal 
billboards." 
1973 ... 

Dr. Paul SJlunJn, m hiS talk la,[ 
I hursdJ)' on hIS experience wuh LSD , 
statl'd "th,lt we Ilvc III .1 IVllrid where 
people seek ~l1npltsuc .tnswer~ to 
(omphcated probl~ms." He expl;!lncd 
that [0 esc,lpe these problems, peoplc 
ol\en take Imnd-expJndlng drugs such 
.IS LSD, 
1974 ... 

A -non -hum.ln" source lor humJIl 
II1suhn m.l)' provldL' the 5 [() 6 millllln 
diabetics In [he United States, a Llr 
supenor [rearment ror their disease by 
uSIng serum I rom pIgS, thankS ((l a 
prl)(CSS d"l'elnped b)' ,I UC::,D 
blochcml~1. Dr. MIchael A RUIll'nberg. 
1975 ... 

I:.xce~sll'c use nf ,ISCOmIC .ICld , or 
1'11.11111 n C. on .1 regul.lr b.ISb by persolls 

hopmg tll build up reSh[,tnce to colds 
.lnd other resplrawf)' ailment, c.1Il 
JetuJlly bring ,lhoUI the opposite cHen, 
according to Gerhard chmuzer, 
profes or 01 chen1l>tf)' at UC'>D. 
1976 .. , 

ChJneeilnr McElroy presented the 
new UC'>D logo to the I30Jrd or 

ver:.ecrs ,It ib mecllng on Wednesday, 
The Ingo, dcsigncd b)' San Diego JrtlSt 
Robert Penne, Will be used m ..t vartety 
01 ways, Including pubhcauons, 
bookstore lIems, and campus stgns. 
Peri nc S,lId or the logo, "The 
conltguralioll IS suggestive 01 .[ 
IJbyrinth , a smJII network llr orgal1l:ed 
sp.ILes nm unlike a scholll, where onc 
mllVes m quesl 01 an educ,lIlOn . 
1977 .. , 

As C'll11pUS Blacks gathered Frida}' III 
(li!>l:uSS lhre,lls sent [Il sevcml black 
cmplo)'l'es, Chancellllr Md:lroy released 
a statement saylllg he i "deeply 
shocked" ,md 111.I[ ".III threats and m(lst 
,Il b \l'dl be i nvcslIg,l(cd ,lI1d 
prosecuted, -

- Christopher Canole 

UCSD College Bowl 
• Winners off to SF 

By DENA ROSEN 
QUilk - "ra"C\l" " " till' t1U1l1L Jor 

whlcli ((1I11il1e1l1 '(Yl1lpllllll (~ IIIUlIY ,Ii ','",,',? 
TIlL' I',n,"r,' I, "II - III rc!£tmls I" W/WI 

<ltHIS!lllCJ/ dl'll101/ werL' 11iL' /950 
C"'li'!rc\',Lltw/uII,,,,tig,lI,otls Ii"k/~ 

La,1 dlwlCe - IV/lldl (/eme/y pOfllil,'Ir.I 
("l/lIl1y I, bordered i>y durtl'ell ,,1I1L't,? 

I he College &1\\'1 llflered the (h,mce 
lor triVIa hulls to m,lIch Wits on these 
and other ch,lllcngll1g (tl ometlme~ 
obscure) que~tions 1,I~t Saturda)" 

Rc\'elliuns Bnan Hughes, Paul Beroza, 
Stcve Crupi Jl1d MHchcli LudwlIl of 
"Gordt..tn Knot" captured the grand 

Pete Scaturro of Uf O moderated the 
Saturday event . 

prize, .1Il ,til-expense paid trip to the 
reglOn;!1 competitilln, held 111 5,111 

rranci~co, I ebruaf)' 17-20. 'I hIS contest 
IS open lLl all Cali IclrlllJ univerSIties. olnd 
the winner 01 th.l( \\,111 gll lln III the 
n,llI11nal challlpion~hlp, 

I he trlVI,1 conte~t \\a~ UC-,IJ's itrst, 
largely due to [he ellorts 01 Brian 
Hughes, Hughes pla)'cd tntr,lmur,11 tm'la 
g.II11C~ at San Jo~e t,He, and initlJtcd 
the College Bowl here by con\'IIlLing the 
University events Ollice III take 
responsibilll}' lor the IJr0Ject. -I he A':> 
L,JuncII, tudent Center and the 
Lnuncil 01 Prl1VoSts .1150 5pllnsoretl the 
event 

Light tcams, lour represcntll1g the 
colleges and lour IIldependent entnes, 
cumpeted In thl' double climmillion 
tourn.IlTIent. L:ach mllleh conSIsted 01 
1\\1(1 scvcn-und-a-h.llI-mlnute halves, 
Inciudlllg "tllSS-up" queslIllns, which .In)' 
player wuld ,tnSIVer, and the iIll1re 
dillkuh '·bonus questions: ' on which thL' 
team muld l'on ler, 

Everythll1g you karll comes IntO pia}' 
m the College Bowl - you C.1Il get 
POllltS Just lor haVing common 
knowledge," says Hughes, explalllmg the 
.Ippeal 01 a triVI.I contest "In school you 
may get 13s lind Cs, but )'OU can go to 
the College Bowl an£! be J winner." 

Questions spanned .1 wide variety or 
fields, mcludi ng SClem:e, art, hiStory, 
h[cmlurc, entertainment and spOrt~, Thc 

1'1.-,1.,,' 111111 III 1~1J.:" 12 

''The Missitlg Liliks" were one oj right teuills CIInlpcting in UCSD's first College Bowl. 

.az7A" &n'et 
(Jj<.I.~ ~'~ 
~ li«4Cu m.kt ... 
You need accurate information in a 
professionalseltino with 
ouaranteed confidentiality. 
You'll find it at. . . 

m- FAMILY PLANNING ASSOCIATES MEDICAL GROUP 
• Fr .. preonancy testinq 
• Preqnancy terminations with 

general or local anesthelia 
• Birth control • Counl.lino 
Our 111ft gyt IeOOIogiItI and nut18 practitioners lPICiaIize in pr0-
viding the eervic:eI you need at I n I ffordable price, We accept 
Medl-Cat, Privllle Insurance, VISA, Mastercard . 

SAN DIE80 
6495 Alvarado Rd, 
(819) 287·8226 

AppoulIIlIt:nts w"l El'QlualiOtl!> COllltlllSSIOna Mark Borodlls/ry ponders a tnvla questIOn . 

Semesters not in 
future for UCSD 
By SHARON SOGOMIAN 

Despite several rumors CIrculating 
around campus, UCSD WIll not be 
switching from the quarter system to the 
semester system. Rcpresemallves lrom 
the Registrar's OITlee and the Academic 
Senate were adamant m staling that the 
issue has not been discussed in several 
years und IS not likely to come up In 
the ruture, 

Lynn HarrIS, Academic Senate 
member, asserted, -The last time It was 
discussed, several }'ears ago, there wasn't 
enough tnterest in the semester system 
to warrant any further conslderallon. It 
has not been brought up since," 

Ron Bowker, of the Registrar's Olliee, 
voiced an interest In the semester 
system. "' have nOt heard of an)' 
discussion on this campus. I Wish we'd 
look into it. I gOt the leeling tha[ when 
Berkeley went to it, we would senously 
start thinking about It within a yeJr or 
tWO," he said , AnOther UCSD Registrar 
employee saId , "What we were told is 
that if we were to go on the semester 
system, we would be given a good deal 
or notice, ~ut we don't knowanyth mg 
about it right now." 

Though there is no basis ror the 
rumors , COnVCr5allOnS ~oneerning this 
controversial Issue have been heard 
around campus. 

Linda Kornreld, MUir College 
lreshman, said, ''J've heard ,[bout It 
around campus, but I'm against the 

semester system. First of ull, the teachers 
expect more of you and you get more 
work. Nso , I havc a tendency to get 
ured 01 my classes and by the end 01 
the quaner, ("m ready to move to new 
and dilferent classes." 

George Crowe, a Warren College 
student has also heard the talk around 
school but he dIsagrees wllh Kornlcld, "I 
like the semester system because It'S 
more compatible wllh other schools, 
..tnd , WIth the quarter system, because 
each class is so short, you get midterms 
In the third week which is kind of 
ludICrous." 

So far, the only UC campus on the 
semester system IS Berekeley," Harris 
says, "The Berkeley facul[y wanted to 
return to the semester system; they 
thought they could offer a better 
progmm," 

However, many Berkeley students feel 
the semester system has only brought 

mor~ academic pressures. Marc Singer, 
an undergraduate business major at 
Berkeley who spent two years in the 
quarter system before the switch to a 
semester system, said, -The semester 
system is not as benefiCIal as the quarter 
system, The professors give a workload 
of tWO quarters in 'each semester. Also , 
there are twICe as many midterms. With 
nve classes instead of rour, the 
homework load IS really rough," 



CQmmenta~ 

University Center planning: 
your vote counts tonight 
By MONTE ROSEN 

The Co-ops and Enterprises (C&'E) Subcommittee has proposed 
that the number of student representatives on the University Center 
Programming/Building AdvisOry Committee be expanded from five to 
seven. 

As it exists now, the power structure of the co mmittee lies within 
the advisory committee, chaired..by Tom Tucker. The committee IS 
composed of ten members - five students and five 
faculty/ administration, each of whom has a single vote. In the event 
of a tie , Tom Tucker is allowed to vote to break the ue. 

The CcSzE members feel that large student constituencies are 
inadequately represented , and that a need eXIsts for student comrol 
over the formation of the University Center which WIll be paid for 
and used predominantly by students. 

The CcSzE subcommittee IS actively involved in the planning 
process of the Umversi ry Center FaCility, so that bOlh co-ops and 
enterpnses can coninue to be thriving student-Oriented semces, 
answering to speCIfIC student needs, as inexpensIvely as pOSSIble. 

However, despite this active partIcipation, the sub ommi ttees have 
very little power in the final form of the proposal. which will be 
submitted 10 a referendum for final student approval and most likely 
passed. 

ThIs and other problems, perceived by the CcSzE subcommittee, 
have resulted In a five point proposal, one of which is for the 
expansIon and inclUSIon of at least rwo more students, one to 
represent the tudent Affirmative Action Committee and one to 
represent CcSzE. 

Tom Tucker, seeking an objective body to make the expansion 
deCISion , has turned to the Student Center Board (SCB) on which he 
acts as admimstrative consultant. The chaIr of the SCB, Paul Jensen, 
plays a double role 10 thIS dilemma, as both a voung member of the 
UCP/ B AdViSOry Commlllee, rerresenung the SCB, and as the non-
voting, but tie-breaking chair 0 the SCB. This IS a foreboding note , 
based on his past vOllng record which indIcates his willingness to 
vote against student Interests and for the administration. 

To further complicate matters, the Associated Students (AS) has 
passed, but not yet signed, a resolullon stating that ..... the AS 
supports the way the UCP/ B AdVISOry Committee IS proceeding as 
the most effecuve and open way." ThIS resolullon, Imroduced by AS 
President Craig Lee , passed WIth 12 in favor, one against and two 
abstentions 

The fact that Craig Lee, a voting member of the Advisory 
Commtnee, initiated this resolution, may be interpreted as an 
indication of his wiUmgness to support the administration 's programs 
rather than student interests. 

According to a member of the AS Council, the resolution passed 
because It was made to sound like a statement of suppOrt for the 
purpose and StruCTUre of the UCP/ B group, and the majoriry of the 
individuals voting for the resolution were unfamiliar with the existing 
process and problems. 

In my opinion , a reevaluation and re-vote of this resolution should 
occur with particular attention paId to the question of funding and 
student representallon . Further, the floor : hould be opened to 
concemed studems, for their input, and not left exclusively for the 
dISCUSSIon of counCIl mcmbers. This Issue should be reopened by 
including it on the next agenda. 

The question of power wiD be answered tonight, at 5:30 pm in the 
Vice Chancellor's Conference Room dlrecdy above Assorted Vinyl 
Records. 

As a student, faculty , staff or interested party you can have an 
Impact on thIS vital Issue that effects us all , by either calling your SCB 
representative listed below or shOWing up at the meeting with 
somethmg to say. 

A large student turnout in favor of expansion of the UCP/ B 
AdvISOry Committee to include at least two more student 
representatives WIll indicate to your Student Center Board 
representatives which way they should vore. For your own sake, and 
the sake of greater student interests, I urge you to act now in support 
of the expansion of the UCP/ B AC. 

Below is a list of your sell representatives Please panicipate by 
calling EDNA for their numbers and then calling them, and attendIng 
the SCB meeting. 
Revclle College 
MUir College 
ThIrd College 
Warren College 
Associated Students 
Co-ops and Enterprises 
Graduate Student Council 
SAAC 
Chai r 

Kay Elledge 
JiD Berlin 

Andrea Ebersol 
Merrilee Evans 

Elizabeth Woodworth 
Ted Herzog 

Mark Schumacher 
Taiji Miyagawa 

Paul Jensen 

n~tttt~1!~n~tttt~lf~n®llit~lf~ncettltce1!~n~ttttce1!~n~rctt<elf~n~tttt<e1!~n~ttlt~rr~n®ilit(f;1!~n~tttt 
tt~rt'~lettersn®lttt®rt'~n®tttt®rt'~n®tttt®rt'~n®frlt®1!~n®tttt®1!~n®fdtcert'~n®ilit®lr~n<eilit<eIrt 
1!~nce;ilit<elf~n®tttt~lf~n~lttt<e1!~n®ilit®lf~n®rctt®lf~n~tttt®lf~nce;ilitceIr~ll®ttitcert'~ll<etttt<elr~n~ 
n®frtt®1!~ll~tttt®If~n®.1ttt®lf~n®ttlt®If~n®tttt®If~ll~ttitcelf~nceilit<e1!~n®ttttceIf~nceilit®Ifll<ettitce 
Editor: 

With the rel:CIll l'vents In 
Lebanon , we .tTl' conlrontl'u by 
the senseless vlOlcnce thal 
inund,](l's the world Wh)' do 
people lecithal b\ntxJshed IS the 
answer III dlsagrecment] 

It ,l'l'lllS th.1l VIolence IS 
II1l:rl'a,lllgl)' bel:ommg the 
convcntlOll.II re,ponse 10 
conlltn. CentrJl America IS 10m 
by l: II'11 strife The MIddle East IS 
plagucu by dbsel1l1ng I,Il'tlOns 
1V,lrnng with l'.lch other I.!ut whll 
is the victor? Does anyone 
benefit when human hfe IS taken? 

Wh.1! Il1jU,[Il'c.; h.II'l' bcm 
mcurrcu .lg.lIn,t thc,e 11"lrrll1g 
nalllJn ~ tIl pro' "lkc , Ul: h .1 
Ural11,llI l le,pon c? In turn , II h,1l 
InjUS[lu:s h.l\'C till') l:llIlll11 ltll'd 
to encourage fu rther VIolence? 
When WIll thIS VICIOUS cycle end] 

l:alh nallon c1allll, to IlglH III 
th e 11,1I11C 01 jU,lIu:. But. II h,It b 
theIr , t,md ,1rl1 Illr jU,lILd 
ubvlousl)', theIr jU,lILl' 
lJllglOa tcs II Ithln thcm,clvcs.' III 
hglH 01 thl ~, hoI\' dll Ill' ddllle 
IU,ULl:] 1101\' dll wc r,l[hlll,Ilt zL' 
l '') Inl'lllvcment tn other n,lIl lllb) 
I he>e quc,lIons rcllell thl' majlll 
I"UCS 1,ILl ng thl' wlldu IOd,I) 
I hc) dcma nu mn,ldcr.l[lllll Wc' 
IIlU,t cek the Iruth 

Kathi Hodson 

Leners and anicles may be sent to the Opinion 
Editor at the Guardian , B-016, UCSD, La Jolla , CA 
92093 or brought to our offices adjacent to the Che 
Cafe , Requirements for letters and Commentary 
pieces are outlined below. 
Commentary pieces may be submined by any 
concerned individual. When space is limited , 
student articles will take precedence over those of 
faculty or Guardian staff members. Pieces should be 
three (0 four pages long, typed double-spaced on a 
72-character line. Articles may be rebuttals to a 
Guardian story or lener. Whatever the subject, the 
writer should focus on a clear thesis . The anicles will 
be edited for grammar and spelling errors, but all 
major changes will be cleared with the author prior to 
publication . 
Letters to the editor should be one to two pages in 
length , typed as above. Letters are generally written 
in regard to anicles or other letters printed in the 
Guardian , However, any letter of general intrest to 
UCSD students will be considered for publication . 
Letters may be edited when space requires , but 
spelling and grammatical errors will not be corrected , 
The writer's name and phone number must 
accompany every anicle and letter. 

Editor: 
Speaking on behalf of the 

Black Women Achievers/ UC 0, I 
would like to clarify some of the 
statements that appeared in the 
AS Forum of February 6, 1984. 
We appreciate the support 
extended by AS for our Black 
H ISlOry Month activities, but the 
"Forum- article was a bit 
untimely in its publicat ion . 
B,WA has avoided public 
announcement of Ms. Davis' 
viSIt , pendmg Signature and 
return of our contract by Ms. 
Davis. We are not at liberty to 
d iscuss her vis it prior to re elpt 
or saId contract. AS ove rruled our 
dlsl:renon whe n it ,hose 10 prim 

th~ eb. 6 artic le. 
The Forum also falls to 

l11entlon fund I ng reccived from 
thc i31a,k Student UnIo n and 
Un lvcr,IlY l:vents. 1 his surely IS 
an clVer,lght 1m their part , yet \\'1' 
must gUMd our a,SOCIJtlUnS WIth 
al\ pUlcllual !>upportcrs. In the 
luture , we InVIlC ~ to ubtaln our 
c1ca rance bclore rrlnting artlcb 
whIch mJ}' pla<.:c us 10 
uncnvwble pOSItions WIth our 
II1VIIl:U guc!>t!:> or uur "nan(l,11 
~upponcrs. Th.lI1k you 

Rasheedah Pasha 
Black Women Achievers 

Editor 
Tim August 

Managing Editor 
Phil Lauder 
Copy Editor 

Joe DesiderIO 
Opinion Editor 
Grace Nielsen 

Contributing Opinion Editor 
David Wolf 
News Editor 
Lisa Lapin 

Contributing News Editors 
Christopher Canole 
Steven R. Friedman 

Phil Willon 
Ans Editor 

Andrew Keeler 
Associate Am Editor 

John Nee 
Spons Editor 
Jeff Savage 

Photo Editor 
Rich Peqak 

General Manager 
Chris Milke 

Associate General Managen 
Linda Lewis 

Valerie McMullin 
Photographers 

Richard Caterina 
Rob Friedenthal 
Mark Johnson 
David NeweU 
lUustratol'S 

John Ashlee 
Steve Kloepfer 

T ypesettel'S 
Joe Desiderio 
Anggie Lapid 
Phil Lauder 

Andy Laurence 
Production 

Hana Abrams 
Paul FarweU 
Lizz Fuller 
KeUey Neal 

Karla Spencer 

~taff Writers 
LJnce BeTHard , Ethan Feerst , 
SergIo Kiter, Michael Partos, 

Dena Rosen. 
The UCSD Guardian is 

published MondJYs Jnd 
Thursdays during the academic 
year by student s .It UCSD. Views 
expressed 111 the Gtlutdiall do nO! 
represent the vi'ews or the 
Regents 01 the University 01 
C.lltforniJ or the Associ,l[cd 
rudcnts 01 UCSD. All un -

initiallcd editori..tls represent the 
vIews of the entire editorial 
bo.lrd of the Guardlall; initiJlled 
editori,Ils rcpresent minor iry 
opInions 01 the edllori,,1 bo,ml . 
Reproduction , publication, or Jny 
use Wllhout pcrmlssion of .tny 
porti on of thi s ncw~p,lper 
without prior notitic,mon IS 
strictly prohil:lIted . 

The Gw.m/rall welcomes signed 
lellers dnd l:oml11l'm,lIY .IS 
outltned in the 0 1 mion SCl:l IOn, 
however. we ..trc nO! respl1l1slblc 
lor unsnllcllcd 111.1I1UScripts or 
, lI'I 

Our nlfi ce b Inc.lteu sllLllhe,lst 
III the Rel'l'lIc Provost 0 11 ICC next 
dllOI' to the he .lle nn the 
ucsn l'.II11pUS Thc Bu~lrtcss 
Olllc<.' I!:> opcn fnJlI1 l) ,1111 III 
l100n ,1Ild I pill tIl 5 pll1 Montl.l}, 
Ih rough hld,I)'. 

,>ui1,criptioI15 .11C ,1\,ltI,Ibk ,md 
II III he 1Il.II1cd lir~t d,lss 1m $1 'j 
pc I qU,1I1 L' r 

[he UCSD Guardian 
UCSD, 8-0I6 

LJ Jolla, California 92093 
(619) 452-3466 

Commental:Y-

Capital punishment 
not a logical solution 
By KEVIN K. CHUKES 

The issue of capital punishment 
stands as a testament to the diverse 
feehngs and Interests of the coali tions 
that govern our society. 

The reinstatement of the death 
penalry in the United States has been 
met with widespread public approval , to 
the dismay of traditionally liberal 
groups, such as the American Civil 
Liberties Union (ACLU). However, this 
comeback has been welcomed by the 
Reagan administration and 
wholeheanedly blessed by the Supreme 
Court. 

Albert Camus once introduced an 
essay on the subject by stating, "I must 
record my opinion here before getting 
to the subject itself." I nnd myself 
compelled to do the same. My argument 
IS one staunchly opposed to capital 
punishment. It is not an argument based 
on humanitarian or moralist views; it is 
an argument based solely upon reason 
and lOgiC. 

Perhaps the weakest, as well as the 
most appaUing, argument favoring the 
death penalty, as opposed to life 
sentencing, is the argument that our 
pnsons are overcrowded and it would 
COst taxpayer dollars to build new 
faci lities. 

AsIde from the barbaric assumptIOn 
that the average American would rather 
take life and save money than vice 
versa; it is also a relatively dangerous 
argument - dangerous in that it 
sacrifices what is civil and correct for 
what is comfortable. Society must begin 
to separate what is right from what is 
economically, politically, socially or 
otherwise expedient, especially with 
regards to the judicial process. To do 
otherwise opens the door to aU types of 
abuse and social injustice. An example 
of this social abuse is the 
disproportionate number of mtnorities 
on death row. 

George F. Will, a noted policy analyst, 
stated in a recent interview that while 
he favors capital punishment, he would 
consider the desensitizing argument one 
of the more convincing. It is, at best, 
ironic; at worst, hypocritical. The very 
same sector of the public that approves 
of the forcible death in our prisons also 
teaches its children that forcible death 
in our society is necessarily wrong. 
While these people vehemently argue 
that teleVIsion violence desensitizes 

their children to violence as a whole, 
they refuse to acknowledge that 
executions condoned by the state 
effectively perform the same task. 

There is a tendency in human nature 
to shy away from distressing si tuations 
by hiding behind noble phrases. This 
situation is no different. Today's noble 
phrase says that executions are a 
necessary evil . 

Because so many in society Sincerely 
feel this way, this concept cannot be 
brushed away as rhetorical hogwash. 
These people feel that executions are 
necessary because they provide a tool 
for deterrence - certamly a logical man 
would nO! kill If he knew that he 
himself would face the same fate . 

Common sense says that murder is 
nO! necessarily a logical act, therefore, 
the murderer is not likely to be a logical 
man. BeSIdes, there has never been any 
quantitative documentation linking the 
execution of convicted murderers with a 
decreased number of murder charges. 

AU of these socio-political arguments, 
debates and compleXIties seem to cloud 
the basic philosophical question: is it 
ethically and intellectually correct for a 
civilized nation to condone the killing 
of liS citizens? The answer is an 
unequivocal yes, but only when intellect 
dictates rather than emotion. 

Society becomes outraged at 
particularly brutal homiCides, and rightly 
so. Being, at times regrettably, prone to 
possessing a great deal of emotion , I feel 
the same way. This is qualification 
enough to state that objective judgments 
are all bur impossible under such 
conditions. 

On a recent crossfire program, 
Staunchly conservative Pat Buc hanan 
asked his humanitarian guest a rather 
important question: if it could be 
documented that capital punishment 
did in fact deter a certain number of 
homicides, would he then support it? 

Of course, being a humanitarian, the 
guest backed away from the 
confrontation. NO! sharing that 
weakness, my reply would be , "Yes, I 
would support capital punishment 
under those conditions." Intellect 
dictates that in order to save innocent 
lives, capital punishment would be the 
logical solution . That situation not being 
the case, the logical man is bound to 
caU on the abolition of capital 

Do it in Comfort! 

With earphones to listen to your favorite music. 
nitrous oxide to relax. and a 10% discount with your 
UCSD J.D, card. University Towne Dental Group will 

help brighten,your smile for the new year in com1ort, 
OUer expires 1-31 -84, 

UD1v8rs1ty Towne Dental Group 
University Towne Centre 
4525 La Jolla Village Dr. 

453·2070 

pUnishment on the grounds that it is 
not behavior SUItable to a civilized 
nation . 

Webster's Dictionary defines the word 
civilize as "to reclaim from barbarism." 
In that hght, capital punishment is not a 
prudent activity for a civilized-nation to 
undertake. fli survey of the nations with 
which WI' share this planet would 
undoubtedly confirm this view. Great 
Brttain and France have both abolished 
the death penalty , while Turkey and the 
Soviet Union (that great bastion of 
humanity) lead a barrage of third world 

~l! t \ r ,,' dJ I 
..... ........ " ...... ,,-· ~1.J.l~· 5 

oPI~ln:'\ 

countries in both the constant use 01 
executions and various forms of 
physical and psychological ronure. 

While it is generaUy agreed upon that 
this issue will never be completely 
solved in America, it does not change 
the underlying truth. The truth is that 
capital punishment is ethically, as well 
as intellectually. wrong, Camus 
concluded (as do I), "The death penalty 
besmirches our society and its 
upholders-cannot reasonably defend it" 
But they try. Oh, do they try. 

Welcome to jury 
duty now go home 
By PHIL LAUDER 

"NOTICE TO APPEAR FOR JURY 
DUTY:" 

Those were the cold and lonely words 
that introduced me to the fact that I was 
summoned for jury duty. The notice 
came in a very business-rype envelope 
addressed to "Lauder, Philip A." at 
"00605 Alpine Heights Road ." Those two 
zeros in front of my address should 
have warned me to leave the country 
before it was too late . I missed the CUI' . 

Every registered voter can be 
eXIKCted to serve jury duty sooner or 
later. How sooner or how later is 
another matter. It is not uncommon to 
go uncalled for 20-30 years; I happened 
to be selected after just over a year of 
voting. And I happened to be selected 
to stan serving on the Monday right 
after finals week - December 12 of last 
year. This was, consequently, the first 
day I couldn't use school to get out of it. 
AU of this was purely coi ncidental, of 
course; I mean, it said right in my 
notice that I had been "randomly 
selected." And I believed them. 

ActuaUy, in a weird SOrt 01 way, I 
looked forward to the whole thing. I 
figured It would be intriguing to 
participate in the legal process. I figured 
I would learn something about the way 
it all worked. I figured I would find out 
how 12 different minds came to a 
consensus to decide a man's future . I 
figured [ would have something 
interesting to tell my friends in January 
and my grand kids in 70 or 80 years. 

I figured wrong. 
I reponed to the JUry lounge that nrst 

Monday at 8: [5 am. I took a seat toward 
the front of the room and looked 
around . I laughed. I had brought a 
clipboard with me so I could write a 
letter, ju~t in case I got bored. 

3790 Mission Blvd, 
Mission Beach 

483-1651 

This lounge and the atmosphere it 
exuded were probably the funniest 
things I have ever encountered. Picture 
a hall about 40 feet wide and 60 feet 
long. Now put in lots of round tables 
with chairs plus a sofa here and there. 
Got it? What color were those chairs 
and tables you envisioned? They should 
have been the color boring, This was 
the most pastel room I have ever seen. 
Pastel yellow carpeting, pastel orange 
tables, pastel chairs, pastel walls with 
pastel picTUres on them - hell, even 
the windows were pastel. (I'm not sure 
how a window can be pastel, but if it's 
possible, these were,) 

OK, so now we have a large pastel 
room with pastel furniture . Now add the 
entertainment. On every table in the 
room were TWO or three magazines plus 
a jigsaw puzzle. The magaZines - Time, 
Newsweeh, US News and World Report: 
basic newsy-type stuff - were, of 
course , very old. These were editions 
from the late 17th century, you know, 
with the upper right llap that says, 
"TeITor in Iran: Day 37" - something 
like that. And then there were the 
puzzles: Milton Bradleys mosdy, usually 
saying, "250 Fully Interlocking Pieces," 
What's the alternative? Two hundred 
and fifty odd-shaped pieces that havt! 
nothing to do with one another? 

Those puzzles were the first things 
that hit me when I walked into this 
place. You have to redefine the term 
"boredom" to make yourself plod 
through one of those . 

Back to our picture of the lounge. We 
now have a pastel mausoleum featuring 
boring furni ture , ancient magazines and 
stupid puzzles. Now add the last 
ingredient: people . Lots of people . Lots 

pk(bl' lum to page . 6 



6 Ptbrudr IJ. 1984 
'\ I \\.., 

, (l ,lIl1w,'d 1""t11 l'<IY,t' .5 

wizen and all that , bUi hey. it 's 8oo 
outSide and I'd rather be sail lng. he 
came around asking for I'olunteers. 
There 's sucker/volunteer 17, and 18, 
and 19 .... he looked around . "Is that 
all?" She looked right at me . "Is that It?" 
I swear she looked right al me . "YES 
THA T S n. bitch, leave me <Ilone ." 

You've always thought you could do a 
better job, and ... 

of very bored people . Incredibly bored 
people. amI' fumbled at the THlIC 
magazines. some cranked Out (he old 
puzzle. most just stared around at the 
pasteiness of the whole thing. One guy 
Jumped our the window 

uckers 20 (hrough 25 were lound , 
and I was released . That was my first 
day of JUry duty. Each suc esslve day, 
we were tOld , we should call a recording 
aftcr 4:30 pm LO see If we were needed 
or not on the nex( day. The next nine 
days I called m. The next nine days I 
was excused. 

Now it's your turnl 
Th.ll wa s the jury lounge. May It rest 

in peace. 
You 're dying LO know what happened 

next. That's the spirit. Well , In came the 
clerk. She looked like a JUry clerk. She 
was about five-foot-five; very properly, 
plainly dressed. ramer round. and very 
hurned . You know she never has 
enough time to get anything done and 
IS probably always running around 
giVing the judges those little while pill s 
that get them through the trials. l ord 
knows what she uses. 

That was my experience with (he 
Amencan judicial sys(em. So I didn '( 
find out much about the legal process. 
So I didn '( learn a damn thing about 
how a JUry makes d deCISion. So I dldn'( 
have much to teU my grandchildren 
about in the future . At least 1 had a good 
ume. 

The Guardian is looking for yet another 
features/perspectives editor. Submit 
your own application which includes 
previous experience, an idea of how 
much time you can spare and a brief 
description of yourself and what your 
features section would be like. 

She gave us a boring lecture 
explaining the bon ng rules about the 
whole boring thing. oon we watched a 
boring movie with bonng-but-corny 
acting about how LO be a boring model 
JUror. 

Emitum 
In the February 2 Guardian in an 

amcie entitled "UCSD Police Chief 
enforces new image." an incident 
between a new indicator collective 
member and a police officer was 
misinterpreted and was not 
harassment as reported. The Guardian 
regrets the error. 

Application. due by noon Tuesday, 
February 21, at the Guardian office. 

Add ..... them to: 
ThiS all took a boring three hours. The Guardian UCSD,M16 Around 11:30 she asked for 25 

volunteers LO selVe on the firs( JUry 
panel. All others would be dISmissed for 
the day. I ow I wanted to be (he good 

La Jolla, CA 92093 
re: feature. applicant 

If)!ou're . 
confused about 

starting your career, 
here'S some help. 

the perfect first step 
Heard of PFSi II \ our fril'ndly famil y of powl'rful . str.lightfor\\,ard software 
already cited :b the It-ading softwarl' for pt'rsonalcornputl'r., - like Applt' . 
IBM . Compaq. TI and Olht'rs . 
Your invol\'(.'mt'nt with Soh wart' Puhlishing Corpor.ltion - a~ a perkcl firsl 
,tcp - can It'ad to ch.I1lt'nging nl'\\' ~Iq)~. a~ you hl'lp u~ aggrcs~ivch ' 
rdnforcc and cnhancc our alrcady ~Irong p()~ition in tht' marketplact' . 

A~ a wcll -known and vaMly crl'ati\'l' company. wl··rc moving fa~t . ~o Ihcrl' 
ha~ nt'\'l~r hlTn a ht'lll'r limt' to join u~r 
Opportunities are a, 'ai/able in Sojtware De,'elopme"" 
Product Marketing, Tecb"ical Support and other 
related areas. 
'1l1l ' 1I hc kl'l' 10 our COlllinllcd 'Ul'l'l''' . '0 \\'l·· rt' prl'pared 10 offer ~OU all 
t hl' l'IUlll'11gl' and opporlUnit ~ you can ~ucct'~~fllll~' hand It' ~tart ing ~:llan' 
and l1l'nd'il~ arlO l'xcdkl1l. 
1"lerested i"dll'idllals a"e itll'iled to join lis/or t.11I 
In/ormation Meelillg, Monday, February 13 I" Re,'elle 
Lounge jriun 5:00 to 7:00 p . m . 

On-campus interviews -
Monday, March 5 

lake the next step by signing up at your placement center 

()r ron\ ard your rl'~Ul1ll' (if o!l -cllnpm illll'r\' ll'\\ b illl'OIlH'nil'nl) 10 JUIlt' 
Ahmadjiall . ~oft\\' ;Irl' Pllhl"hill~ Corpor.llioll . I')() 1 I.andinl(' Driw .. 
:\11. \ ·il,\\,. CA ')f{)-I5 . An equal opporlllnill l'I11plo~l'r. 

Software Publishing Corporation 

Business and 
Technical Major~ 
Highly responsible positions 
for college seniors and 
graduates' (through age 34) in 
financial and logistic support. 
The Navy Supply Corps needs 
highly Qualified, dynamic 
individuals to lead and 
manage large inventory and 
financial networks. Salary 
$18,500 to sta~, $34,000 after 
4 years. Excellent benefits 
package. Need BAIBS, U.S. 
citizenship. Call Naval 
Management Programs, 293-

674~, 8 am - 4 pm, Monday 
through Wednesday. 

ACROSS 
1 l;AI 
2 (iMAI 
J GR. 
• MrAI 

~ '1 
6 VAl 
7 ' :.1 
8 II AI 

H Al 
10 'Off I 
11 ,~ AI 
12 I ,Al 
13 :1' 
,, ~, I 
1~ \~ .... ~P 

DOWN 
I ~MB 
2 VI )! 
J ICI Mh 
4 • If' 
5 NOH 
& NPB, 
1 NLh I 
8 L"IN" 

9 GRE P5YCH 
10 GRE BIU 
11 Al H'fVE ME NI , 
12 NU~"N" Hi) , 
13 1 ,PA 
14 WEft) KI AtUM , 
15 lSi R!V, ! ,., 
16 IN.RIl III 

I A,., 'l Hili 'I 

CLASSES ON CAMPUS 

~-H. 
KllPIAN 
EDUCATIONAL CENTER 

h '~I ' A _\I" . , I 

San Diego Center 
2180 Gamet Ave., Suite 2D 
Pacific Beach 92109 
(619) 27~10 
M.L McNulty. Administrator 

Cover StorY-

Explore your future 
through an ASIO internship 

experience. she commented. "I worked for Common -
Cause , a grass root lobbying organization. My 
assignment was LO write lellers and call congressmen to 
oppose (he development of the MX missile. I stayed at 
the UniverSity of California dorm at Georgetown . 
Everyone in the dorm was a UC student, which was a 
fnendly balance to the 15.000 InternS , from throughout 
the natiOn, In Washington DC last summer. I met more 
new people there who have a common career interest 
than I ever expect to meet here at UCSD." 

SlIlce 1979, ASIO internships have expanded 
beyond solely political pOSitions. ASIO now oITers 
twelve different Internship fields: arts; communications; 
environment; health ; International affairs; science and 
(echnology, bUSiness; education; government; human 
selVices; le~al ; and urban affairs. By CHRISTOPHER CANOLE 

Be all you can Ix. Whell you'vc got it together, they'lf 
set: It at a glance. Thanks to thclr services. you got the 
chance. There 's challenge, adllCllturc, and eXCitement 100. A 
time to enjoy. Sec something new. Abovc all, you'l/ gain 
new confidence. Stand a liult: tal/cr. Take a look at a career 
you can be proud of 

You might expect a military recrUller to use this 
career opponunity message. But the recruiters who can 
oITer you more opporrunities for a look at your future , 
with no guns at(ached. are ready to selVe you at your 
local Associated Student Internship Office (ASIO). 

"I knew I needed an education. But I did not know 
what I needed after graduallon: said Margot Gordon , 
director of the San Diego and California internship 
programs. · People always say UCSD is a theoretical 
school. You learn to think Once outside school. it is 
not enough 10 make this claim. An internship verifies 
you have experience in applying your thinking 
abilities: 

If you do not know already, the employment picture 
for a BA graduate looks pretty blank. "Many employers 
won 't be bothered hiring a student fresh out of college 
when there are plenty of job hunters wllh experience 
already available," said Lisa Sarasohn, executive and 
national direcLOr of ASIO. "Employers don't care about 
theorellcal courses or GPAs; they're looking for 
markctable skills. Without experience. we're 
unemployable. Yet how are we 10 gain experience if we 
can't get hired?" 

Through an Internship . students can clarify their 
career goals, develop practical skills and enhance post-
gradua(e employment prospects by strengthening their 
resumes and obtaining impressive work references. 
ASIO enables students to take their education beyond 
the University ar.d integrate classroom knowledge with 
practical experience. An Internship is a professional 
work aSSignment which complements me student's 
studies. 

"At first, ASIO was a political program," said 
Sarasohn. The ASIO was founded in 1970 by Jim 
Lofgren, a former AS Commissioner of External Affairs. 

INith 

Debra 
& 

' •. 
IQm 

Formal Training INith 
Jean Louis David, Sebastian, 

and Paul Mitchell. 
Available at Eueoce 

3251 Holiday Ct., AbCNe Germain's Deli 

Men S15 (Reg. S20) A 
Women S18 (Reg. $25f' 
Also consullallons on Hair &. Makeup. 

Other Services Available. 

as a method for politically active students to become 
involved in local government According to Sarasohn , 
• ow we have become nallonal and oITer Internships 
in so many different lields our function is purely 
admInlstrallve : 

Sarasohn and Gordon are joined by Edward lee . 
director of public relations. France Calvin . direclOr 01 
development, and 25 volunteers. Sarasohn noted . "Our 
large staff can give personal care to the Intern 
applicant. Most of our volunteers have nO! been an 
intern themselves; they are here to learn more about 
the program as they help Olhers ." 

lee. a pre-med student In addition to his PR 
position wllh ASIO. Interned in the Cardiology Unit of 
the UC Medical Center. "If you are JUSt a volunteer at 
the Medical Center you don't get much contact with 
(he panents. and your work is dissipated among many 
doctors. As an intern I was encouraged to make more 
patient contact. My dudes were more intense and 
challenging because I worked for one doctOr on one 
proJect," said lee. 

"Some students approach the internship program 

One of the volunteers who has Interned is Jackie 
Macleod , a political science junior. On her internship 

the way they would an employer; (hey hesitate until 
they see we are here for their use." said Sarasohn. ·We 
help students to create Slrong cover letters and a 
resume." 

ASIO directors are, from left to right France Calvin, Development; Margot Gordon, San Diego and Cali{orma; Edward Lee, 
Public Relations; and lisa Sarasohn. Ncuional and Executive Director. 

SENIOR NURSE 
STUDENTS 

Adventure ... Challenge ... 
Professionalt'sm! 

An exciting job with 
opportunities for world-wide 
travel, career development, 
professional growth, excellent 
benefits. BSN graduates or 
senior students are eligible. If 
you're going to be someone, 
special...Be a Navy Nurse! For 
more information call 293-
6746,8 am· 4 pm, Monday -
Wednesday. 

Color Blind? 

,,~.~ ~~ 
It you are color blind we 

will pay you 55.00 per hour 
to participate in perception 
experiments on the nature 
01 color blindness. For more 
information contact: Kathy 
Purl or AI Nagy at 452-4762 

between 9:00 and noon, 

open riD.LItJ- lOtoS 



NEWS 
... , ..... ~. ~., . ~. : ,. .. . ... . 

ASIO 
~ iHlllllllt 'cI,/,oll1 past" i 

To assIst students and maximize the 
benefits of their intemship experience, 
the ASIO proVides scveral essennal 
suppOrt servIces. includlllg career 
counseling; resume. cover letter and 
interview counseling; transportation , 
hOUSing and social arrangements; and 
an informanon library. 

The process for the potential intem 
starts with selecting a field of interest 
and a location for the internship, Three 
to five possibilities are chosen from the 
hundreds of options. The student then 
fiUs out a general informauon 
applicanon and submits it WIth a rough 
draft of a cover letter and resume. A 
counselor interviews the student and 
helps polish the cover letter and resume. 
The ASIO wmes an additionallener 01 
recommendation to be IIlcluded in the 
applicanon . "NormaUy we can place 
everyone who applies. Some 
organizations take as many students as 
pOSSIble ," saId Sarasohn. 

France Kalvin is responsible for 
developing new intemship programs. 
"Our program is currently involved in 
the recruitment of new internship 
opportunities ," said France. "We are the 
only intemshlp program [Q offer work 
expenence on-campus with proressors 
and phYSICIans ." 

Many students have the deSire to 
partiCIpate in an internship but euher 
cannO[ find a palllcular sponsoring 
organizanon hsted with ASIO or seek a 
type of work expenenc~ currently 
unavailable . The development program 
exists to meet the needs of these 
Students by a constant. acnve 
recruitment of new intemships as well 
as by servlClllg speCial requests for 
Intemshlps whenever fossible . 

"The partlclpanon 0 several hundred 
pubhc ,JIld private organtzations has led 
to an excepuonal placement service 

which emphasizes the individual needs 
of the student and a quality Internship 
experience," said Kalvm. 

Most of these Intemships are nO[ 
paid posl[ions . It IS one of Ed Lee's 
responslblll[ies as director of Public 
Rela\lons [Q raise funds for those III 
need . Says Lee . "1 he average COSt 01 an 
Intemship in the San Diego area. 
including transportation and living 
expenses. exceeds $1500 and IS beyond 
the means of many students . Therefore 
we arrange several fundraisers. such as 
pdttlclpallng in the Sun God Festival 
and the All-Campus Semi-Formal 
[dance/. to help offset these costs. In 
addillon. tax-deducnble contribunons 
are received for distribution among 
interns with finanCial need." In 1980. 
Chancellor Atki nson helped offset the 
COStS of the Washington DC Internship 
program with a $)000 grant. 

As the San Diego Director of ASIO. 
Gordon notes. "Internship for local 
applications are a little more praclical 
oriented. They aren't the ideali stS who 
would join the Peace Corps after 
graduauon . A student can start to make 
connections with the local job market 
long before graduation." 

For those who seek internships in 
Washington DC, the experience can be 
very sobenng. Mark Karian , a poliucal 
science major, said , "I was responSible 
for recelvlllg and answenng letters and 
calls from the local constituents of a 
co ngressman. Those had no clue as to 
what was happemng in the capital. 

"I felt even more a part of the 
governmental community due to the 
thousands of interns in town . Almost 
everyone you talked to was an intern . 
We were all given a taste 01 the 
profeSSIon a! world I had been studying 
III theory. With the drinking age at 
eighteen and interns dressed in three-
pIece suits. we only differed from the 
congressmen by our waist size." 

RAND 
OPENING SA' E! 
.------------------------------~ I With this coupon thru 2-19-84 - I 
• I Sells Our Reg. .1 
I Elsewhere Low PrIce NOW 

I
I Ray Ban Wayfarers $40-$45 $33,50 $24.99 : 
I 4 colors, 2 sizes I 

: Carf9 ra Men's or Women's $40-$45 $34-$36 $29.99: 
I 3 styles, 4 colors. polarized I 
• or gradient lens I 

II $5-$8 $1 .99 : Look-Alike styles: $2,99-$4.99 I I Copies of Phonet, Wayfarer, 
• Ski Glasses, Fold Ups, Devo, I 
I ~c, ~c : 
I Vuamet T-Shirts HALF PRICE .. .Iong sleeve & short sleeve I 
._------------------------______ 1 

We GUARANTEE we have the lowest sunglass prices of 
any store in San Diego or we'll pay the d lfferencel 

Vuarnet • Ray Ban • Carrera. Suncloud 
Bolle. Bucci. Hoble • Etc., etc. 

Sunglasses S2.99 to $149.99 

Pad/k E~t71. 
Our New Location Our Lumberyard Store 

1030G Torrey Pines Rd. Also Celebrates 
(by the Yogurt Affair) 745 1st Street 
La Jolla / 454-8006 Encinitas / 942-0337 

(formerly Expressions Unlimited) 
Open 7 days 

Hop a bus to the Pentagon 
By MARGOT GORDON 

"Oh my God! It 's eight of <.:lock I We're going to miss the bus. Hurryl" We rush 
IIlto the earlymornin.g humidity awaiting us outside. The bus is at ItS stop, and 
snorts Itnpatlcntl),. SO IVC , III our conservative skirts and color-coordin,ued 
nylons, race toward our transport. We Jump on and flash the driver our passes 
as the Ot~erseated passenger:; look at us with typically dise~gaged eyes, 

Now. It s time to senle ~nto the nde [0 the Metro at the Pentagon. I sull can'tget 
used to the lactthat a m~Jor bus and metro Stop IS at the nation's most important 
buddmg lor the country s defense or Impenali t strategIes. the view dependll1g 
on your party allihanon. Oh well . that 's Washington, D.C. for you - the big 
m>,ths 01 m~nolllhic government gIve way to the mundane reahty of the Cll}' 
wllh ItS baSIC needs and lunctions. 

I am part of this crowd this summer [00, but I'm paymg for thiS experience. 
Illler:nshlp IS another word for lree labor. The earnings arc there. Just not in the 
medium of dollars and cents. I wonder if ail the passengers hke their jobs? Hey, 
lady 111 the navy skirt With Ihe page ba)' hairdo, what do you do? Is It a 
challenRe? Is u excltinR? Do you want ro stay there? There are so many things 

that we all can do, but do we reaDy know where we will land those first and 
maybe final jobs? 

Work becomes a central focus of your lire, much more than all the theory that 
UC)D can pass betwe.en your ears. That theory has paid oil, though. h has 
taught me ways oflookmg at problems. Nowand here , the problems are mine to 
conquer. I am reatly doing something that people will see and use. ' 

What an experience Washmgton has been. The weather reminds me of 
saunas and .lrmpits, but the memories will stay with me lorever. I WIll always 
remember the night the ollice stalf went dancmg until we dropped. and then 
the courageous ones JUI~ped 111 theJefierson Memorial Fountaill. Have you ever 
Jumped Into water th.lt IS warmer than you are? You feel like you are jumping 
IntO J sepltC tank. 

h sounds hokey,. but it is not only the work experience, but the hIe expenence 
that ~hls summer Intern~hlp has given me. I am really . Out on my own as a 
workmg person. So what If I do not look forward to the filth working day 01 the 
month now. I Will soon enough, and thanks to this job. I will enjoy the other 27 
workmg days as weD. It would have been very scary to face the real world with 
'lIlly my BA and il smile. Now, I have the confidence that comes from nrsthJnd 
experienc..e to look for a career, nUl Just a job. 

The bus pulls into the Pentagon station, Ilouk up and nght above me , I see 
gralfltl JUS! hke the kind I see in San Diego. "Victona loves Pedro" is wntten in 

c1~ssic chola handwriting. Some thmgs never change - reminders of San 
Diego. I wonder what myoId Iriends are up [O? 

The bus driver cails "Pentagon"; we aU get up and shuffie out 01 the bus, down 
the escalator to the Metru for anOther working day in the Cit)'. 

Under 10 minutes away! 

\1.. ~\) ..:: 

7140 Miramar Rd. 
San Diego 

IL.. ..... I!!!!I!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!~!!!! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!~!!!_ .. _.JI 
BIG MAC® PACK 

SiS Mac® Sandwich, Larse Fr y, Medium-Size Soft Drink 

11,1 Limit on~ coupon per Just $1.99 IIII custom,'r, per Visit. PI"a~ II present coupon wh~n ( piUl tax) II I I orJ~rin~ . Nor valid with any II 
II oth"r offer . Only at : II 
II Valid thru 71 40 Mira~r Rd. II 

b;i"'C~:~98~ _______ ~~~:~' ''~ d --------------------~ 

Happy 
Valentine's Day 

Nader, The family Is settled so you can 
have some Valentines tun too. Who's the 
lucky lady? Love Mom. 
Jimmy P. - Yes. I'll be your Valentine. 
even with the whips. chains and 
manacles. ReI'lWTlblr. I won·t do that 
just with ft.w because I love 
you. Patti. 
I 

Aloha to a babe who fills his 501s -
you're so cute when you eat your 
blanket - love always to my best friend 
- sun and tun forever, L2. 

Markus Areillus ... Happ'y Valentine's Day, 
babe! I hope you knQIN that I apprtciate . 
and care about you very much. Lef'I not 
let you know who (or should I say = 
spoil Valentine's Day or any day. 
Smile. Remember I luv yo!! Always. Your 
not -so-secret -admlrer ... Anggie. 
Phi Delts, Thanx for the good times! Can' t 
wait to party again w/ the hot fraternity. 
Love Delta Gamma, 
The Women of the 2O's are "Suitehearts" 
Happy Valentine's Day! Love, Valyval XO. 
Dear Erin, UCSD would be wonderlul with 
you here with me. Love. Scott. 
Lauren - Here's to ocean waves. trains 
and champagne! Lets get toget.her. be 
mine. Brad, 
Dear Mitch. and I thought all the princes 
were gone, Lucky me, I love you WAMH. 
Llso. 
Marcl - There 's always a space for you 
with me. Love. Brad. 
John - Well. It's not Hanukkah .. .Picture 
me with a bunch of violets and a great 
large hat - Will you be my Valentine? 

. Beej, You are a wonderful roommate 
and a great friend (and a terrific lover). 
Happy VOl Jorge, 
• JOY· You're the best friend I have, the 
best to shore with and the best to love. 
Would you be my Valentine? With love 
Paul. 

J.P. - Here's to the belt • mou,t., can 
&Jer remember. Thank YOU. LOY8. Y.K. 
Sam. Nod. & Young - ~ V-day! 
Don't break too many hecJl'ts guys. With 
love, a sentimental oriental. 
T,Y. : Surprise surprise! Happy eight 
months! AS. 
Bess. I loves you. yo' mah Porgy. 

Ben. Hope your Valentines Day is the 
greatest I Love, Yo. 
9566-9655 what a love triangle. As the 
condos turn. You stUl owe us dinner! But 
who 'NfOte this? .. 
Tex - On Valentine's Day/You'lI be my 
pooIHc:Itwf, I wanna play/One on one 
with YOUI IIOYe you" Ups. 
Carolyn Hai YIng Tang: Wo I ne. I love you. 
With love. Kelvin Ki Yui Ho. 
JaL Happy Valentine's Day baby! After 
the midterm will be fun. In fact let's study 
farltthesamewaywestudied 110. Loves 
ond kisses forever. Dan . p .s. 

. "2152252515214118129147! 
QJeen scam, another sunset evening Is 
In the future. Watc h those rooming eyes. 
Love, the X-scam. 

Happy Valentine's Day D-House you ore 
the greatest! The absolute best ! Here's to 
more good times! #1! 
Stan. this is the day to pity me the most, 
Thanks for your courteous understand-
ing. You CBma Happy Vd. Love. KT (I 
mean Like), 
Send your Valentine some cookies. 
Sponsared by TKE on the Plaza Feb. 13-14 
from 9-5. Free delv. on cOmpo 
Lisa L. I serve you with love and 
admiration for you excellence as an 
editor and person. Christopher. 
I love Robin. I love Robin, I love Robin. I 
love Robin, Would you wear this button? 
PDT. 
To the Omicron Pledge Class ... You ore all 
super love Sue and Patty. 
Yuper? Hey Babe. I'll cruise w/you & listen 
to some ragin' tunes anytime!! I love you, 
be my Valentine!1 

Dovey! Happy lavey-davey day ! 
Remember: the best is yet to be. I love 
you! Lavey. 

Jid - For a week I've been in heaven 
and weekends were mode for ... Happy 
V. Day Sweetheart. Love, JRG, 
Sandy & Heidi we have a great condo! 
Happy Valentine's Day. I love you bath. 
Jenn:) 
All Greek event! 2nd annual DG Phi delt 
Red Party at the Che 9 pm Tues. Feb. 14! 
Wear V-doy colors! 
Dear Michael. Thanks for being so 
special! liang for the day we can watch 
Jonny together a to just be alone. you're 
one in a million ald I love you for it. Love 
Susan lCOIIO PI \MIl you be my Volentine? 
tv'vdea9st1lna,HappyValentine's!!With 
all rrPi !eNe. MIke. 
To SAL VEAS - Hey you sexy baby doW 
Have a totally naughty Valentine's Day! 
Guess who! 
To Mane, today IS the day to get Mr, Tr 
from Humphrey's. Make it good. Luv yo 
Sued. 
HI Honey ! Be my Volentine and we can 
cuddle all night! Hey. you stole a kiss! I 
LOVE YOU!! Chippery, 
Teo. !Me Mata! I~io . Como siempre. te 
amo. Ie qUlero. nos veremos pronto, ml 
amor, 

DGS and Phi Delt Red Party! Che Cafe 
Feb 14 9 pm! All Greek event. 
To the Most Beaullful Girl In the USA 
Happy Valentine's Day Love J "Rublnskl" 
RG, 
MARGOT sweetheart! Have tun With a ll 
your hunks on this truly Happy 
Volentine's Day. 
COCCOA I'm so In love w/your beautiful 
brown selt my little naco chip. Anhelo 
par tu mojada en la noche Massively. EI 
rose. . 

C - I don·t care if it IS March 22nd or Aug 
21st I've enjoyed It all. Love G . 
J.P - Next time toke off your pants. The 
ZIPper hurts. 
Buddy. seeen. koool. and Mr. Coors -
Happy Volentine's Day (remember the 
massacre) to the best roommates a pre-
med could ever want! The mustache. 
To Lacross gall: there is more to life than 
Che Cafe and studies. Like dinner and 
roses, Chnstopher 

Bronxer I find you intriguing 001 sxn. 
To Jeanette Aquino: Hap py Volentine 's 
Dayll Just another secret odmlrer ... Matt 
who? 
Beloved David. togetherws'llshine.lcan 
hardly wait til we're married. I 1000e you. 
Gerl. 
SuzleQ, Happy Valentine's Day. Love yo, 
Mitchle. 
Happv Valentine's Day Chuckie. I 1000e 
you forever, Eli. 
Dearest SM, Ever since the Pam and 
Circumstance. I have been in 1000e 
wamh ever since. I'm so happv to be 
9OCX) miles closer this Valentine's Day 
and to be so close to you. I love you. MS. 
Asha, Thanks fOl' all you've done for me. 
Have a great Valentlne's day. Toke care. 
Gary. 
To Julious S, You are one special person 
to me. I love you with all my heart, Happy 
Valentine's Day Honeyl Love Always, 
Kayamos. 
Dave Taylor - Happy Valentine's Day! 
Buy Volentine Cookies sold on the Plaza 
Feb. 13-14 from 9-5. Sponsored by TKE. 
Free deliv. on campus. 
Beety. surely us single girls can find us 
something to do for Valentines. You are 
still single? Love Yo. 
To the women of Argo 565. thanks. Love 
Always, G .S. 
Nathalie, Have a really fantastic 
Valentine's Day. I'll be thinking of you. 
Love. your secret admirer. 
Michael. My love now & forever .. . Happy 
Valentine's Day. Yours. Tina, 
Mita: This quarter has been one at the 
toughest academically. but domestic-
ally it's been the easiest! Living with you is 
one of my dreams come true, Be my 
Volentine or I won·t ever cook dinner for 
'yOu again! I'll always love you, and soon 
we'll unite, -Beba. 
Diane Rosemary. Just because you 
boycott and wear black doesn't mean 
you're safe from a Valentine's love! And 
this Isn't a ll! Happy Valentines Day. Love 
SJR. 
Laura, Happy Valenttne's Day. I miss youl 
Love Scott. 
Carolyn: We meet each other is Gad's 
will ! love God and I leve you. forever. 
Love. Kelvin. 
Dear Craig. Thank you for being the best 
friend a girl could ever hove! Happy 
Valentine's Day love:) 
There ore some ladles at Warren who do 
&Jerything in 3-~. Hope their Valentine's 
Day is "wonderful!" 
Dear Gavin. Haven·t heard trom you in 
sometime. Hope you hve n great 
Valentine's Day! Susan, 

.uay tem I dalg as ma I :BJT .yug ecin a 
hcus era uoY ?enitnelaV ym eb uoy lIiW 
,nat noskcoJ leahclM a evol .dnekeew 
eht rof gnivael s·taK .s.p 

Neese, you USC chick. HappyValentlne's 
Day!!! Hopefully you'll have someone 
cute to shore it with! Stet. 
John Pelczorski - I've been meaning to 
tell you, you are a fantastic guyl! not to 
mention that gorgeous face and that 
sexy body! I'll be thete when you need 
me! I love you - toke me I'm yours! OXOX -
Cory 

February 14, 1984 
Lisa: \Nhy are you such a bitc h? Hope you 
catch VD on Valentine's Day. It WOUld 
serve you right. Andy. 
LORBEAR a message from an admirer -
eh? Bet you expect some clever 
INitticism. some romantic profundity. but 
'yOu remember that first night don·t you? 
Well you wana hear something corny? I 
LOVE YOU I YUB YOEY. 
To Deb-Q, luv yo. you ore the bestest 
sister ever! A-love SueQ, 
Hey you big kanook! It's VD not Aids, Let's 
co-wri te a book on your techniques over 
some Johannesberg Riesling. Deal? You 
knQIN where I am. 
John, Jim. Jeff. to the awesome trio from 
the Jhause 1980 .. ,OOOQbaby. Luv Carole, 
Sue. Liso. 
Hey baby what you soy. how about 
some tun today I Is it yes or is it Charley's?1 I 
don't care as long as I'm with you foreverl 
So. wanna follow ancient history with 
me? 7 on 8-E. Lorbear. 
Mark (DiSCOVery 350). Thanks for the 
massage!! My roomie IS leaving this 
wkend. so you can return the favor. 
Happy Valentine's Day lover. All my love. 
U know who. 
DGs & Phi delts extend an invite to all 
Greeks Tues Feb 14th the Red Party at 
the Che 9 pm. 

Pee-Wee. You-know-who has a crush on 
you I Have a very romantic Valentines. 
Love. Mom. 
Paul Pelletiri. I wish you were my 
Volentine! 

S.C.S Happy Valentine's Day - Almost 2 
yrs.!!! Love. Tom. 
JRG We tinally met! Wow! Happy 
Valentines Day! Love JID. 
Wilson. I want you for my sweetheart! 
With much love and affection. Miffers, 
Lynn Happy Valentine's Day. Love your 
big sister DGS always! 
Evon. Pos. Can I be in he~ven? Love yo -
Irene. 
Angel Face. La-La doesn·t always mean I 
love you. Have a happy Valentine's 
anyway. Love. Mom. 
My dearesl Sam. Happy Valentine's Day! 
Love ya always:) 
Happy Valentines Doy to all the 
members of Alpha Omicron Pi. SIgma 
Kappa. Delta SIgma Phi, Phi Della lheto. 
and Tau Kappo Epsilon. From the $lsters 
of Delta Gamma. 

Dearest Carmelita. thinking of you 
always and dreaming of the time we will 
spend together. You know I am your 
Volentine. will you bE> mine? Lovingly 
always. Ed. 

Take one lady moose. remove all 
marbles. and 4 brain cells, 2 wheels. 
blonde hair. too many beers and shake 
with reckless abandon for on I Love You 
Danny - Pi. 

Craig. Chris. Neil!l I love you guys! Thanks 
tor everything! Happy Valentine's Day!:) 
:) .) Jenn. 
Steve & Anno - Vegas next VJeElk this 
time with TKE, We'll all hove a great time 
even if we don't win a dime. Happy 
Valentine's Day. Jack & Joby. 
Happy Valentine's Day! Come celebrate 
at the DG Phi deIt Red Party Tues. Feb. 14 
9 pm at the Che. All Greeks. 

Lovey-Dovey: Hey wait a minute! I've 
been ripped-off! lNhere's my kiss to help 
me cool off! Goofball. 
Sparkie. I love you, your drinking partner. 
Mina: You sweetheart!! This is a little 
something that Kevin would also do fOl' 
you. Anyways. Happy Valentine's Day. 
Kevin probably is saying: Mina, Be my 
Volentine. 

Attention .. All Greeks! ~nd annual DC 
Phi dell Red Party! Valentines Day at the 
Che 9 pm. 
Day-NI: Happy Va lentines Day, sorry I' 
haven't been at RobIn's lately. T.M. 
Usa Pellegrino be my Valentine from the 
boy in your Tuesday class, 
Erica. Can we progress to lunch? Happy 
Valentine's Day. 
The women of A)IO are by far the most 
vivascious and intelligent people I know. 
Love. Christopher. 
Trish. Happy Valentine's. I didn't target 
this year. 'lour best buddy. Darren. 
Susan B.. You are my number one 
Volentine. I love you. Love Michael. 
Barb - Happv 21st Birthday have 0 
great da( ~)'fOr don't do anything I 
wouldn't do 1ft SA GlWS - Nancy, 
Craig A, HeavySigh... maybe someday". 
but In the meantime. Happy Valentine's 
Day. Lo\I8. bt story author. 
My ~t L1NDAJEANNE, The best is yet to 
ccme. I bIe YQJ Sl.Ygethecrt! Happy 
Valentine', DavI Your Sammy. 
To Mr. A.D.O, Halle a ballsey Valentine's 

Day!~CUpid will be watching! 
Lw you. yOJr III Egdon. 



UCSD Ski Club Happenings 
Feb. 20 - X-country ski trip to San Jacinto Mt. Come by Ski Club 

office hours for more info. Feb 24-26 - Mammoth trip! $89 includes 
roundtrip transportation, two nights lodging (sauna, jacuzzi, 
kitchens, fireplace and TV), shuttle service to and from mountain 
each day, and complimentary refreshments on bus. Sign-up NOW at 
ski club office or in office hours. Space is limited . Feb. 29 - Ski Club 
meeting in Rec. Gym Conference Room at 8 pm. Come find out 
information on trips and celebrate leap year. March 24-31 - SU 
VAUEY! Buy your tu;:ket now for only $295. Includes roundtrip 
transportation with refreshments , five nights lodging (Fireplace, 
jacuzzi, kitchens and TV) lift tickets for five days, and skiing 
activities. Last day to buy tickets is coming soon , don't wait! OFFICE 
HOURS: Everyday in the Pub from 11-3. 10-3 on Fridays. Come on 
by and we'll answer your questions. 

Women Engineers Conference 
Society of Women Engineers Regional Conference February 17-

19. Registration is $20.00 for UCSD students. Mail to: Society of 
Women Engineers, P.O. Box 12125 , La Jolla , CA 92037. Checks 
should be made out SWE. 

Main activities will include: 1) Engineering/ computer science 
Corporation Exhibits & Recruitment (approx. 20 co~panies, all day 
Saturday, Feb. 18). 2) Among workshops: Incorporating Industry; 
contemporary topics in engineering - space colonization and the 
field of biomedical engineering; management in engineering; forum 
of engineers; nutrition and cating on the run; graduate school? 
Academia vs. Industry; SWE oriented workshops. 

IEEE Meeting 
Thursday, Feb. 16, 1984 
1:30 to 2:30 AP&'M 2301 

Speaker: Hughes Aircraft Co. 
Topie: Digital Image Processing 

~1tt:~~ ~'~S~qG 
J)C,. At! 

L - -' ,--' -;. I t'~ 
. 5. I 
~1'\iCl~a:tU~_ 

• ~e tJ,A: . O..aALUMMIT~ 
• EM",,«.oNMairALAe1lON RUlPATl~ 
• A«M~ e.lflOL. A~TU:»ol 

DEADU NE I I I fEB. " 

Attention Asian Pacific Students! 
The Asian Pacific Student Alliance (APSA) is having a membership 

drive. As ofJan. 19, 1984, new membership criteria was voted in at a 
general meeting. Criteria for membership are: Know, understand 
and support the principles of unity, attend one general meeting per 
:tuaner if possible , attend one activity per quarter. $1.00 membership 
dues expires June 1985. If you would like more information or would 
like to become a member, stop by our office in the Student Center 
Rm. 105 or call 452-2048 and ask for Alex or Brad. There will also be a 
general meeting in the Student Organizations Lounge on 
Wednesday, Feb. 15 at 4 pm. So be there! Join APSA! 

Party in Mazatlan over Spring Break 
Only $199 includes 7 days, 7 nights; roundtrip transportation, 

beach from hotels; nightly free cocktail parties! Get information at 
Mazatlan Nigh t at the Pub, Thursday, Feb. 9 and Feb. 16 at 6 pm. 
Videos of the trip! 50¢ draft! Don't miss it. For additional 
information caU 453-2322 and ask for Steve or contact AS 
Programmer Greg Hemperly at x4450. 

I III I 
IIIII 
IIIII 
111_11_ 

But. .. It doesn't have to be. The San Diego Commun ity needs lots of 
volunteers and the ASUCSD is forming the Community Service 
Project to help students use these learning opportunities. If you think 
the community needs students , we need you. Contact x4450 for 
more information . 

Air Band Competition 

Sun God Festival 
Jugglers, mimes and comedians apply also. 

If interested contact Sue Lewis at 452-4450. 

Committee Members for 
Academic Affairs needed NOW! 

Don't hesitate - make 
the difference, contact Carol Rogers 

at x4450 
Do you have "Condom Sense 1" 

Celebrate National Condom Week by seeing the humorous film 
"Condom Sense" and discussing the pros and cons of using 
condoms and other methods of birth control. Friday, Feb. 17 at 1 pm 
in the North Conference Room of the Student Center. Offered by 
Student Health Advocates/ Women's Clinic. 452-2669/ 2180. Free 
condom with admission. 

International Fireside 
"US Media Coverage in Central America" with Dr. Daniel HaUin, 

Communications and Political Science. Tuesday, Feb. 14 at 7:30 pm. 
All discussion held in the UCSD International Center Lounge (200 
yds. east of Mandeville Auditorium) Sponsored by the UCSD 
International Club . 

Women in Political Science 
Meet other women in political science. Meet your professors and 

graduaFe women in poli. sci. Relax in The Pub. Thursday, Feb. 16 at 4 
p .m. in the Triton Pub. Sponsored by the UCSD Women's Resource 
Center. 

Attention Future Lawyers 
The Pre-Law Education Association (PLEA) presents attorney 

Cheryl Ruffier (litigator) to speak Wednesday, Feb. 15 at 7 p .m. at the 
Revelle Formal Lounge. All are welcome. 

MAKING A STAND 
The 102nd Use for a Dead Cat 

Apathy Killed 
The Cat 

This Ad is: 
a) absolutely tasteless. 
b) reminding me that the 
deadline for filing 
referendums and candidate 
penrI ons is qu ic kl y 
approaching. 
c) funnier than most Jell-o 
commercials. 

Answers can be found in the 
AS office. 

Inter-Varsity Christian Fellowship 
Every Wednesday night at 7:30 pm in Cloud's Rest. This week-

"How to be a friend in friendship evangelism" with special guest 
Gina Basler. Everyone is welcome. (Watch for HABAKKUK March 1-
3). 

Support your Lacrosse Team 
Come see your Lacrosse team play BYU at 6 pm on Saturday, Feb. 

18 and Claremont College on Sunday, Feb. 19 at 1 pm. Both games 
are on muir field. 

YOU A~ INVITt.O TO TAI((. A 

M OND'..Y5, 7: 15 pM 
C~ANC(LLOR\5 COMPL[X .. m.l11·A 

kot" ~ ior an ... ci+ing t 'lm& of .,~\lo .... thip. 
~ntCl...tainm."t I !>inginl,3 . and ln~i9h't into a.. 

p&r~onal r&lahonw,ip WIth Juu~ Chri'!tt . 
!IpOn~cI ~ 

CAMPUS C~U5M~ for CI~~\5T 



Nuclear forum spawns 
questions, no answers 
By ETHAN FEERST 

This month's CalPIRG sponsored 
forum on nuclear war spawned a host of 
pertinent questions , but was ultimately 
unable to produce conclusive statements 
about pOSSible solutions and data 
relevant to the current nuclear situation. 

Following the sc reening of two 
pellinem documentaries, The Lasc 
Eprdenuc and Countdown 011 America, the 
forum brought together a panel of 
expe rts to dISCUSS the Issues of nuclear 
polItics, nuclear weapons and nuclear 
war. 

presented the 'facts .' They were both 
films de Igned for a purpose and there 
was as much left out in both of them as 
there was put in ." 

In addition to stressing the 
Importance of the "process of 
educ.1tion:' Greb .1lso stressed that the 
US should .continue to pursue nuclear 
arms control negotiations. He admitted 
to weakneses m the negotlation process, 
statlng,"1 egotia tions l are not pana ea 
fo r our natlonal securiry problems. 

" egotl.1tors and polI cy makers ahke," 
he expla lncd , "have been overly 
concemed wllh countlng numbers In 

weapons categories rather than dealing 
with the chara<:terlstlcs of weapons ." 
However, he asserted th.1t " .. . beneficial 
results relate primarily to Instllutional 
structures and processes th.1I build 
mutual confidence and IIlcre:lse stablhty 
- worldwide, international stabihty. 

Insisting that the United ~tates had 
been bargamed down to a milItarily 
mfenor poslllon , Caldwell took Issue 
with Greb's belief that arms negollallons 
can be a siglllficant force in Improving 
US/Soviet relations. "I ask you to 
questIOn the notion ," he stated , "that 
arms control leads to peace ... I 
personally would feel safer If lhe United 
States had I\vice the number of nuclear 
weapons th,u it has today." As part of 
Caldwell's assertion that the US should 
move from its current policy of mutual 
assured destruction to "a policy of active 
defense ," he also sta ted that the US 
should pursue the development of an 
anti -ballistic miSSile system. 

In contrast to the more ope rative 
dissertations of the panel's other 

The panel consIsted of: Dr Robert 
Livmgston, a member of the PhysIcIans 
for Social ResponsibilIty and a professor 
of neuroscIences at UCSD Medical 
School, Retired Admiral Gllkenson; Dr. 
G. Allen Greb, spe lalist In International 
se umy affaIrs and research hIstorian at 
the Science, Technology and Public 
AffaIrs Program at UCSD: and Sail Diego 
UnIOn ed itorial columnist Robell 
Caldwell . 

UCSD's College Bowl 

The LLLSt Epllicnuc , filmed at the 1980 
conference of the PhYSICians for SOCIal 
ResponsibilIty, quickly made clear the 
probabIlity of an FranCISCo lOSIng 
118% of ItS population In the event of a 
nuclear attack. In contrast, Cou llcdown on 
Amcnca portrayed a detenoratlng 
American military. while proving that 
Charlton Heston may very well be a 
better spokesman lor the AmeriC.1n 
Security CounCil's "Peace Through 
Strength" lobby than the PreSident. 

Solid Dr Greb In hIS openmg 
comment, "Neuher of those films 

WIl/llH"',I/Illt1t l"lgl' J 
lour-member teams va ried in degrees 01 
seriousness and intensity toward the 
event - from the Inexperienced who 
emered on the condition that they , 
"didn't have to wake up 100 e.lrly on .1 
Saturday morning," to the more 
seasoned teams who had their Sights set 
on San FrancISCO. 

One contestant went so far as to 
descnbe ompeung 111 the bowl a "a 
high . You want to get to the pOint 
where )'OU can answer the quesuon 
before 11 has been completely reat!, 
where )'OU and the buzzer are as one." 

Melodramatic, maybe, but th~ 
eXl:l temcnt and pressure 01 the game arc 
real Even the most casual parl1Clpant~ 
become IIltngued, leaning forward .lIld 

dut hlllg the buzze r m hopes of 
.mswering the next question correctly. 

Gordian Knot, the' ch.1mplons, won all 
five 01 their games, III luding a rematch 
due 10 a rule dispute . Most of the team 
members h3d competed in trivia 
mJtches before , but were nonetheless 
elated at theIr Victory. The ir triumphant 
words: "It 's Miller TlIne!" 

1 ypical 01 the teams partIClpaung In 
the College Bowl was MUir's Third Ba!>C, 
(named alter an Abbot and Costello 
rout m e). Dave hanberg, the Captain , 
coaxed his fri ends An -haplra, Merrill 
Bennett .1I1d Steve Hill into entenng the 
bowl. By dcfJult, they became the 
olllclJl Muir College team Jnd l.1red 
well, much 10 lheir own amazement. 

members, Dr. Llvmgston commented 
with an esoteric, apocalyptical optimism. 
"We seem to be locking ourselves inlll i\ 
cul-de-sac," LIvingston stated . "The way 
to get out of that IS to develop a 
conscience, a world conscience , a world 
responsibihty, a sense of consideration 
for human survival, a se nse of 
consideration for continuity of life. We 
do not have to make the choice, 'better 
dead than red .' We have other options." 

Ulumately, the forum delivered more 
questions than answers. Is the United 
States in a position of weakness? Is the 
so-called Soviet thrcat a realIty, and if 
so, how dangerous a threat is It? 
Additional questlons wcre raised about 
the viability of arms negonanons, the 
danger of weapons prohferation 10 
Third World nations, the poss lblhty of 
effective verification procedures wllh the 
Soviet Union and the oviet record of 
compliance with treaties m the past. 
One exchange between aldwell and 
Livlllgston even brought the veracity of 
State Department infonnatlon into 

. , 

quesuon. 

None 01 the members had panicipated 
III a triVia contest before, and they were 
surprised at how "fun and eventful" the 
day was, as described by haplro. 

He said, "What fascinJted me was the 
challenge - stmll1ing your ll1tellect to 
the limit, sea rchll1g your pool of 
knowledge for some clue to the right 
.1nswer." 

Shanberg enthused, "I loved it. I'd do 
it again in a second ." 

"More people should try 1[," says 
Bennett. "You don't have to be 
extraordInary to enter a trivia comest . 
And beSides, I['S educational." 

(The answers tv the questions above are 
Jeva, Vlgtlni;:.ed lnlllC und Chintl, 
rc>pcctivdy.) 

Nationally Acclaimed Activist-lecturer 

will speak on 
the status of Third World 

and oppressed people. 

Sunday, February 26, 1984 
Mandeville Auditorium IUCSDI 

7:30 pm - 9:00 pm 

donation 53.00 

sponsored by the Brack Students Union 
and Brack Women Achievers 

Kawabonga! ! ! 
It's the UCSD Surf Open! 
By KEVIN CHRISTIAN 

T he UCSD Surf Open. Were you there? Too bad! The swells were still bombarding their energies against the Blacks Beach shores following Thursday's mountainous peaks. Matching the excellent surf was the weather: gorgeous blue 
skies with the warmth of summer. By 7:)0 am, the first heat was launched to the 
sounds of the Rolling Stones. The Open collected 45 male surfers divided into eight 
six-man heats. There were also six women surfers and four kneeboarders. Not tOO bad 
of a crowd. Even some seals showed up for the occasion. 

The first four heats met with offshore winds, cn;ating clean tubes peeling to their 
maximum awesomeness. These led to some nOliceably cutting rides mixed in with the 
olf-the-wall slaps. The surfers were faced with the challenge of snagging the four best 
rides in 15 minutes. This competition lends one to some serious surfing, utilizing all of 
one's energy, concentration and a dash of insane courage. Despite the indivtdual 
seriousness, there was an overall respect among the pat1icipants throughout the Open. 

o doubt, the onshore tunes and festive cheers aided this extravaganza, 
By the last four heats, the tide had moved out and the winds had all but dIed. Yet 

Peter Curry rides his "second" board and takts second place in the UCSD Suif Open. 

DID YOU KNOWl 

Now. ~u can eam a commission in the United States Navy 
or Marine Corps while attending UCSOI 

Scholarship and Non-Scholarship programs available, 
For more information contact the NAVY ROTC at 293-4811, 

Craig Schieber executes a peifect cutback on his way 10 capcuring the UCSD Surf Open title, 

the waves continued 10 form in a nice , tubular structure. It was an even compensation; 
as the tide moved ou(, causing a sharper wave break, the winds died. By this time, 
shivers were replaced With sweat. 

Meanwhile, out at sea, the first round of heats was forkmg mto the second round 
where 24 first, second and third placers battled for the semifinals. The surfers were 
thinning out, the sun baked the land and the juice was beginning to boil. The Fixx 
foved US i. the women's and kneeboarders' contests just before the semifinals 
turned ihe comer. Six women took the challenge, geared with full wetsuits and leashed 
to three-finned boards. 

There was noticeable hesitation, but finally the riders came IntO some good slots 
within the sea's churning cauldron. 

The kneeboarders, all four of them, took charge over the contest territory, battling 
among the surrounding mob of locals. For numbering just four among a crowd, the 
kneeboarders dominated the waves, getting carried away with multiple tubes and off-
the-lip long rides. Quite impressive . It is too bad that only one can win the trophy. 

The kneeboarders did their stuff and the women added some spice as the men 
shifted into the semifinals. Two six-man heats saw only six men contend for the first-
place trophy, plus a $75 gift cet1ificate from the La Jolla Surf Systems, a Chan House 
dinner, a leash, a shin and the kitchen sink. The first prize purse, although hardly 
comparable to that of a golf open or what have you, is still a tempting package. 

The match progressed to a more intense light. Luckily, the waves still touched the 
sky, leaving plenty of working room for slashing. Aiding the situation was the 
diminishing group of locals. Although not a prominent problem throughout the Open, 
it was no doubt nice to be able 10 drop down a wave without dodging others. 
Completing [he semifinals and still surviving were Peter Curry, ScOtt Owens, Craig 
Schieber, Tom Richards, Matt Robertson and Larry Layhee. 'There will be a ten-minute 
break now, while our surfers prepare for the final heat," sounded UCSD surfing coach 
Alex Bravo. Also preparing were the five judges who, after several hours , had 10 decide 
the lOp surfer according to his best six rides in a rwenry-minure span - no easy task ' 
in the final heat. Meanwhile , Robertson was on the loose , searching for another wersult 
to replace his trashed suit. Curry, through some accidental colliSIOns, lost a fin and an' 

THE 
U.C. STUDENT LOBBY 

ANNOUNCES ITS 

pbl.,,' '""1 /(J "<li:~' 15 

1984 LEGISLATIVE CONFERENCE 
AND YOU ARE INVITED TO ATTEND 

Date: February 27 & 28 
Place: Sacramento, CA 
Cost: $25 

The Conference agenda will include workshops on subjects 
such as: 
The University in Higher Education 

Fees or Tuition? 

Current Issues 
Tools for Action 

Effective Lobbying 
A Special Awards Dinner with legislators has been sched!led for Monda!! evening. The first 
d~ of the conference wm consist of workshops, the second day wiD be spent altlle capital. Every 
student will have the opportunity to meet with a 1eg;.laIor. 

AI UC students are invited to attend and experience the lobbying proc_ lirst hand. The 
ASUCSD Lobby Annex will provlde transportation, food and lpartan lICComrnodIItionI. 

For lurther in/ormation, or to register for the coriferllnCe, pluM call JefI Meyer. Lobby 
Director · 452·7956 Of Associated StucWnl . 452·4450, Space illimit«i, 10 IilJl up now, 
ANAL DEADUNE FOR CONFERENCE REGISTIlA'DON IS 

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 171 
----------------------

,.. 



14 FebnwIY 13, 19 4 

Third straight win leaves UCSD a game back 
By MIKE GREENBERG 

Ten days ago the possibilIty of the 
UCSD men's basketball squad capturing 
the outhem Division of the AlA 
District III was about as remme as the 
United tates hockey team duplicating 
ItS gold medal performance of 1980 In 
this year's Winter OlympIcs, 

On Februaty 3, the Tntons were four 
games behind the outhem Cahfornia 
College Vanguards and Pomt Loma 
Crusaders with Just eight games to play. 
They were firmly entrenched in the 
division cellar UCSD was m the midst 
of a four-game lOSing streak (the longest 
of the season) and In the precarious 
pOSition of haVing to face the Crusaders, 
who were plaYing their best basketball of 
the season . .. 

Well , the rest of the Story should be 
familiar to you by now. WIth supero 
preCision and proper gUidance , the 
Tntons upset POi nt Loma 80-74 and 
have not retumed to earth ye t. If last 
Tuesday mght's 85-59 rout of Azusa 
PaCIfic was nm conVincing enough, 
UCSD trounced LA Baptist 97-713 Fnday 
mght in the P,lI'illon . It was the third 
Win in a row for the Tritons. leaving 
them Just one game behind first-place 
POint Loma. 

With POint Lorna and Cal Baptist 
both lOSing over the weekend , UCSD 
finds itself In control of its own destiny 
for the fIrst nme this year. By defeating 
three of their next four opponents, the 
Tntons WIll Win the dIviSIOn and secure 
the home-court advantage m the 
playoffs . Head coach Tom Marshall , who 
dese rves most 01 the credIt for hIS 
team's remarkable turnaround, IS 
confident almost to the pOint of 
cockiness. "We are gOing to Win three of 
our next four games. possibly all four:' 
saId Marshall , fully reahzIng that those 
opponents. Cc. Cal Baptlst, Westmont 
and POInt Lorna, all boast wInnmg 
records. "We hJve re,lChed our peak. ... 
We ,lre playing our best basketball.. ,. 
Right now, we cdn beat anybody -
including Westmont [ranked third In 
the nation ]." 

As they did In the Azusa PaCIfic 
contest , the Truons appeared flat In the 
iIrst half. Only J late surge. highlighted 
b)' three Greg Kamansky Jumpers, gave 
UCSD a scl'en-pOlnt advantage. 43-36. 
as the teams headed lor the dreSSing 
rooms DUrIng intermission. Marshall 
screamed at hiS team for not taki ng LA 
BaptIst seriously enough, as well as for 
plaYing letharglcall)' on defense, espeCially 
when the Tritons were m their 1-2-2 zone. 

"Coach chewed us out at halftime, 
and we deserved it ," said UCSD enter 
Mike Dabasinskas, who had ten points 
to accompany hiS seven rebounds. "We 
came out in the second half determined 
to blow them out , and we did . We can 
pla y great if we want to ." 

In that second stanza , the Tritons 
committed only two of their season-low 
nine turnovers while hitting a blistering 
58% from the 1100r. Forward Steve Flint, 
who has been beWildered over a year-
long shooting slump, broke out of it 
against the Mustangs , especially in the 
second half when he poured in 17 of 
hiS game-high 29 points. 

Flint has been an enigma to UCSD 
thiS year. The 6-7 semor entered 
Friday's contest with the worst field goal 
percentage of his career, 39.5%. Yet 
Marshall has gone wi th the evada Las 
Vegas transfer as hls staner and team 
leader all year, probably because Aint's 
attributes conSist of more than Just his 
rainbow jumper. If they did not, the 
Tnton coach would have sat him down 
a long time ago. But Flint IS the league's 
leading free throw shooter, and is 
second on the team In rebounding and 
assists . However, the key to Marshall 's 
confidence IS the Tnton forward 's 
defense. which has been superb from 
day one. "Instead of only worrying about 
why his shots weren't falling, Steve has 
reslded himself to play good defense ," 
says Marshall . "Because of this, I feel we 
are nor lOSing anything when he IS not 
scoring because he .makes up for It on 
the other end . He played very tough 
defense tonight and hiS scori ng was just 
a bonus ." 

With Fhnt and point guard Randy 
Bennett prOViding most ot the offense, 
and Dabaslnskas, Matt Adams and Paul 
Rasmussen supplYing the defense, 
particularly in UCSD's very effec ti ve 
trapping full-court press, the Tritons 
were able to echpse their se:.lson high 
for wtal POintS (89) as they extended 
thei r winning streak w three games. 

:-.Jow 4-5 In league pia), and tied for 
third place In the south, a half game 
behind SCC and a full game behind 
POint Lorna, UCSD enters the toughest 
and most demanding pan of its 
schedule. Tomorrow night's contest 
ag,ll nst the Vanguards IS the first of rour 
ke)' games against teams with better 
record s than UCSD's. out hem Cal 
College has already beaten the Tmons 
thiS season In San Diego , 96-89. Most 
fans who Witnessed that defeat will 

WHAT'S THE 
DIFFERENCE? 
The difference: A Written 

Guarantee. We have student 
discounts, and evening hours, 

just like many other shops. But, 
unlike others, we back up all our 

work in writing. If, after we've cut, 
permed, or colored your hair, you're 
not completely happy, call us within 

seven days. We' ll redo your hair at no 
extra charge . That's a big difference. 

9AM to 9PM Mon . • Tues . • Wed . • Thurs. 
9AM to 7PM Fri. • 9AM to 6PM Sat. 

La Jolla Village Convenience Center 
Next to Ralphs and Sav·On 

457-3334 

remember SCC guard Andre Smit h, who 
bUrIed aU 11 of his Jumpers inSide, 
outSide and in between UCSD's 3-2 
zone. But the Tritons did not have the 
"freak" defense then , something Marshall 
reiterated over the weekend . "They 
haven't seen the freak I which uses three 
men playing zone and two men in a 
man-woman defense]. and when the)' 
do see it they are going to be in lor a 
surprise . I'm not worried about Andre 
[Smith] thiS time because there will 
always be a hand in his fa e." 

It will be interesting to see if UCSD 
emerges victorious on Tuesday, since 
they have not beaten the Vanguards the 
last five times they have Visited their 
cracker-Jack gym (smaller than 
regulation size). But thiS Triton team is 
oozing with confidence, and with a 
possible division title at stake in the 
next four games, they can not afford to 
lose. 

Odds are that they will bri ng that 
attitude with them to Los Angeles. 

TRITON HOOP-LAH: Th e lurrenl South~m 
DIYlSlon sta lldrn8s urc as follows: Polnl Wl1Iu (5-
4). Southern Cal Colleg~ (4-4). Cal Bapll;t und 
UCSD (4-5), und A.::uS/.l Pacific (3 -5) (SCC 
pluycd Fresno PaLl}ic Saturday but rcsults were 
nor uval lable) .... A }Ubilulli Marsl1ull nugh[ haw 
gOllen carried away FI;duy lII)(ht whclI he 

n'lIIurncd thac , " 1/11s [eUIlI will Win dlra O/I[S 
"ext four gumes und cun Will 1111 Jour, " Thr~( oj 
the gamc> arc all the rood, alld UCSD Iw> "Illy 
WOIi one~ UW<ly Jrom [hc fncndly ,oll/mcs "f 
T,1(OIl PaYI/icll1 , healing up Azusu l'aLific III [h,' 
seLond gWlle of the S(u;O Il ... One uS1Jt:d lhat 
juvur; the T nWII5 I.) [hut they have bel'n uhk ((I 
pluy under ~YL'ry urCulllstullee. They huYC (Olll': 
jrull1 Irchlnd IJgumst Cu1 Lutheran, they havc 

explod~" fro 111 the gate; wrsu; 1'011" LOIIIU , unci 
[h,y have blown open tlgh[ ballgamcs 111 the 
sClIJlld IlUlj .... 

Attendance aroulld the league: At Westlllont , 
capacity <row,/) oj 2,200 uttend every ,onte;(. AI 
POint Lomu , a slmng folluwlng oj close to u 
thousand turns clUt n:gularly. Thc crowd ac 
So uthern Cui College (UCSD's next 0PI1011CIJ{) IS 
prollably [he mu)[ hOlstcrous III t he league, wllh 
t hm InJal1wu 'Yuu ... you ... you ... you" ,hun[ 
oc(umillg a purt oj therr trudltlon Ar UCSD. 
attendunce lo ntlllUl:S W lag, u; un(y 150 ;huwed 
up Fl1day IlIgh[ even [hough UCSD has been 
pwying cxceptional(y we/I .... Fnday 's (onrest 
uglllml Cui Bapllst WIll 11<: plvolul jor UCSD 
sll1ee [hl' LW1 (ers have already defea[ed the 
TI1lOIlS c)ll(e 11<:jorc, alld It " ,oncrivubJ.: [hat 
both tculm IVlll end Up, 1I1 a !Ie jor first plale III 
Ihe Southem DIYlSlOn. Tile first !lc·breaner 15 
hcad-ro-hcud ,00llpCtltlOn .... KSDT rudlo has 
udded another I"oat/cast to lIS s(hedule. 
AlLordlng ttl a Sft1(1011 spokesperson, rhl' 
Fc/Jruury 24 Point LoIIW gallic. UCStJ's l<lSt 
regular sca;Oll contest, Will he aired. It will be 
t he first r<J<ld gUlllc t he campus radio slU[ion has 
evcr Irrood<'a)t . 

Flint struggling 
through a fine season 

By MIKE GREENBERG 
His right eye was badly swollen and 

the brulse on his chin was a most 
noticeable black and blue. And forward 
Steve Fit nt was not the least bit satisfied 
with his performance Friday night, 
despite scoring a team-record 29 points 
in UCSD's 97-713 vICWry over LA Baptist , 
the Tritons' third Win In succession. 

"I don't think I played well tonight," 
said the 6-7 senior who hit II of 23 
shots from the field and seven of eight 
from thc charity stripe. "I don't feci I've 
played well all season long," said Flint, 
displaYing the humihty o[ a Steve 
Garvey. His main grievance stems from 
a career-low field goal percentage of 
39.5%. worst on the team. But the 
transrer rrom evadJ Las VegJs seems 

to have forgotten thar he leads his club 
in scoring and free throw shooting, is 
runner up in rebounds and assists and 
has been mentioned throughout the year 
as a candidate for the league's aU-
defensive team. 

"Coach Marshall has shown a lot of 
confidence in me. Even when I was not 
shooting well, he kept teUing me to 
shoot. He also kept saying that I was 
playing so well defensively that I was an 
asset to the team. That kept me going," 
said Flint. 

Typically, from the outset of Friday 
night's game at the Pavilion, Flint 
struggled against LA Baptist College, 
desperately trying [0 get on track. 

1'1.-,1\<' CUIII t" 1~',~c ' /(, 

Intercollegiate 
Women's Softball Team 
Still Looking for Players 

All interested players contact Colleen Wight 
at extension 4211 . 

Practice from 3-5 M-F on Warren Field. 

Pizzeria II Forno 
Pizzas 
Deli Sandwiches 
Salads 1------------------------, I $2.00 off $1.00 off I 

I any large any medium I 
I pizza pizza I 
L __ ____ Offer expires 3.19.84.- - ---- - 1 

937 Prospect St. open 
La Jolla 

459-5010 
Mon-Fri, 11 am-lO pm 
Sat & Sun, 5 pm - 10 pm 

usn edges Tritons 
By IAN lANGDON 

The UCSD women's basketball team 
dropped a tough game to crosstown 
rival USD Friday by the score of 84-72. 
The Tntons were coming off a dramatic . 
emotional win over UC Riverside. but 
DiviSion I USD proved to be too much 
to handle for UCSD on this night. 

"Their defense was incredibly tough," 
said coach judy Malone. "We knew they 
were good from the stan, but if we 
could have eliminated our turnovers we 
would have been right there ." 

With the loss the Tritons' record 
dropped below .500 to LO-ll.(UCSD 
evened its record the foUowing evening; 
see Sidebar.) The game could have been 
a lot closer if the T rilOns had shot better 
at the free throw line. While USD was 
making 12 of 15 shots, UCSD could do 
no better than 16 of 29 from the free 
throw Stripe. "Our percentage from the 
line was not nearly as good as usual. 
Teik [Francis] was three ror eight and 
some others were not much better," 
cl)mmented Malone. 

The Toreros jumped out to a quick 
14-2 lead and never looked back. The 
Tritons cut that lead to four points near 
the end of the half behind the scoring 
of Francis (21 points on the night) ·and 
Sue Semrau (14 pOints), but it was not 
enough to offset a strong performance 
by the Toreros' joni Stanbra. 5tanbra 
poured in 25 pOints, all from the 
outSide. and kept the Tritons at bay. 

"They must have made their first 20 
shots," exaggerated a disbelieving 
Malone. The Toreros were making 
everything fall through the net at the 
beginning of the game, as they jumped 
to an early led . UCSD was Just not able 
to get a good raUy going. The Tritons 
made some good runs to come close but 
they were never able to overtake USD. 

This may be the difference between a 
solid Division 1ll team like UCSD and a 
good DiVISIOn I team like USD. UCSD 

lacked the depth Jnd hnesse of USD, 
yet was stili able to Stay close and make 
a tight game of It . But there was 
something miSSing ... maybe a 
scholarship or two . 

UCSD is getting some good 
experience in playing tough Division I 
competition. And they are gOing to need 
it as they continue to face a very tough 
and demanding schedule. · Yes, we are 
getting a lot of experience that WIU help 
us in the future ," said Malone. "Next 
yeJr could rum OUI to be real good for 
us It 

Teih Francis dominated the middle with 21 pts. 

UCSD fells Redlands 
The Lady Tntons defeated Redlands 80-65 Saturday night at the Pavilion , despite 

the employmem of a full-court press by the BuUdogs throughout the game. After UCSD 
jumped out to an early 16-4 advantage, Redlands pressured Kim Allen every time she 
touched the baU, forcmg the Triton point guard Into committing ten turnovers. 'That 
press gave Kim some trouble," said head coach judy Malone. "She really had a lot of 
work to do." 

Although the press was relatively successful, the Bulldogs were never able to get 
closer than eight points the rest of the way. To her credit, Allen dished our ten assists 
in the winning eHort. UC5D center Teik FranCIS had another stellar performance, 
scoring 28 points and grabbing 21 rebounds. SheUey McKeone contributed 16 points 
and 14 rebounds for the Tritons, who now stand at II-lion the year. UCSD's next 
contest will be at the Pavilion this Friday at 5 pm when the squad hosts Cal Baptist 
College prior to the men's game. 

Tritons attack Blacks' waves 
I ""/",,,n/.I""11 1~'gr 13 
arm (just kidding). He was preparing 
his second board (somebody had told 
him thaI it was the Natlonal NSSA 
Ch.JmplOnshlps. so he brought a second 
board). 

Finally, aftcr the eqUipment salvaging 
and borrowmg, the SIX flnJhsts entered 
the water [0 bcgln the twenty-minute 
he.ll , Scoring the first rtde was 
RobcrtSon a~ he thrashed the hp olf hiS 
first wave . FollOWing hlln WJS Curry, 
known for hiS Hawaiian -oriented radlcJl 
maneuvers. Curry persists as long JS the 
wavc moves, whethcr it is two Inches or 
20 tect high . 

At the ten mrnute Illark, Shleber 
shuwed " slight euge . HIS wave 
lllancuverabtlllY WJS hJrd to match , with 
extraordinary wave recoveries from ncar 
f .. ll s and wild sltcing. till , the swclls 

per~lsted , relcntlessly prodUCing tubular 
surges and stirring up breathmkrng 
rides, 

-T hen: goes Tom Rlch .. rds to hiS rtght 
.. nd Larry L.lyhee to hl~ leh . Oooh, Llrry 
take a dive ,lnd C,l(!> some sJnd. But 
Tom IS hanging In ," sounded coaeh-
turned-spurts-announeer Bravo. 

·I..h leber was sull shOWing dOmll1allon 
,\ S he enveloped himscll With the WllI'C 'S 

cancoon. riding out a spectacular 
stretch. Curry tWisted down <l wave. The-
buzzer sounded. The UCSD Surf Open 
had come to an end. 

After tabulau ng the scores, the judges 
announced their unanimous deCISion: 
Craig Schieber first ; Peter Curry second; 
Matt Robertson third; Lm)' LJyhec 
fourth ; Tom Richard s fifth and SCOtt 
Owens sixth. Winning the women 's heat 
was Isabelle Frted, followed b), S .. nd), 
Groos. ChriS Young, Lll1da Van ZJndt, 
Patricia Splesel<l and Linda Pomraning. 
The kneeboarders wcre rated: Bill Lerner 
first ; j.\ck Be..reslord second; Scott Vclor 
third .. nd Bob Schtlf fourth . 

It WJS qune a day at Blacks Beach . 
From 55 entnes came Just three 
winners. through hours 01 competition. 
1 huugh surlers compete Indepcndently, 
their sport IS hardly In IIldcpendcllt 
one I he sur!crs themselvc ,Ire anything 
but Independent . These athletes arc 
always pitching In J hJnd Judging, 
Cll mplemcntlng one Jnothcr on 
excellent rides or shJring the same 
WJves. With such a power!ul team Spirt! , 
the surnng teJm should have no 
problem comlllg tllgethet lor .mother 
sh.lrp ~eJson . 

I 

BLUEGENES #1 
ONE DNA MOLECULE 

BY RUTH KAVENOFF 
AVAIlABlE IN POST CARD 
LITHOGRAPH, OR T-SHIRT 

GROVE GALlfRY STORE ' 

--- - . ,~( r -
';'-', : 1>: . . . I • ') I ' 
"'1- .j ., -' ~ , c-·. • '" , '. '\ I 
'. l" .)):. ..:1 -' .... 

..... ..~ J I I .. (<'-= ':.': l . ~ .; I (.« 
_~... l 

:iJAYZZ ~. n •. 1, .• 
ND 

NEW ORLEANS jazz is music from the souls of men who 
have created a musical tradition in their own lifetimes' 

it's sweet, sad. gentle, exuberant and unforgettable. ' 

February 15, Wednesday, 8:00 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 

UCSD St. $6.00, G.A. $10.00 
UCSD Fac/Staff, St. &- Sr. $8.00 

UCSD Box Office & Tieken-on; 452-4559 

Presented by UCSD University Events Office 



v 

16 Pebruary 13, 198'/ • 
"PORTS 

Flint's struggle 
continued jrQrJ1 paJ(C l'/ 
Midway through the second half he was 
a dismal 5-16 from the field, and one 
had to wonder whether his shooting 
touch was abandoning him. But UCSD 
was still the beneficiary of some fme 
defense by the Triton forward , who was 
on his way to a game-high 12 rebounds. 
So when Aint suddenly caught fire with 
ten minutes remaining In regulation, 
threading the nets on SIX of seven shots 
to douse a Mustang ra lly that had CUt a 
UCSD lead of 18 to ten. head coach 
Tom Marshall was no less than 
euphoriC. 

"When you have a good shooter like 
Steve. you have two options when he is 
not going well," said Marshall . "You can 
either let him shoot out of it or you can 
stick him on the bench. My philosophy 
has always been to show confidenee in 
my players. If Steve comes on like he 
did tonight, we are going to be a very 
good team." 

Of course it was not Marshall who 
recruited Aint from UNLV last year, but 
John Block, who has since moved on to 
an assistant coaching pOSition at Oral 
Robens University. The differences 
between the twO men are vast, especially 
with regard to player communication. 
Block was a perfectionist, demanding a 
great deal from hiS players. When they 
did not perform as they were expected 
to. they were given a permanent place 
on the bench. Flint feU into this 
category last season , performing up to 
expectations aU tOO infrequently for the 
Triton head coach. Consequently, Aint 
spent a majority of his time In Block's 
disfavor, something the 6-7 forward has 
not forgotten . 

"Last year was a very bad Situation all 
year round," said Aint. "If 1 played 
poorly - missed my first few shots -
Block would Sit me down for long 

periods of time. I got down on myself, 
and it never got any better." Quite a 
contrast to this season where Marshall 
has found the time and patience to let 
his talented shooter work things out. 
"Last year I lost my shooting touch , but 
not my confidence. But the harder I 
tried, the worse it got. This year, it 
seems that the harder I try the bener it 
gets. Tonight I felt great; if my shots 
would have fallen In the first half I 
could have had 50." 

Marshall could afTord to be patient 
with Flint's shooting because the pOwer 
forward has played exceptionally well on 
the opposite end of the floor. "I knew 
that I wasn't huning the team in the 
slightest by having Steve out there 
during his cold spells ." said the Triton 
skipper, "simply because he has played 
so well defensively, positioning himself 
on the boards and executing hiS 
assignments dilligendy." 

Flint's rediscovery of his shooting eye 
could not have come at a more 
opponune time for UCSD, since the 
status of point guard and seco nd 
leading scorer Brandon Nixon is stiU In 
doubt. "For Steve to score the way he 
did was just what we needed ," said 
Marshall. "We need him, espeCIally 
since I don't know whether Brandon 
will be at fuU strength agains t SCc." 
(Nixon has recuTTIng back spasms and 
played only briefly against the 
Mustangs.) 

But even scori ng a team-record 29 
points does not sa tisfy Flint, who still 
claims that he has not found hiS groove. 
"Once I stan hitting my shots with some 
regularity, then I'll I?e content. But for 
right now, I don't think I'm playing very 
weU at aU ." 

That could be the understatement of 
the year. 

IF YOU'RE INTO PIZZA, BEER AND BIG MACS 
YOU'RE PROBABLY OUT OF SHAPE 

If thiS IS your lifestyle. you're more 
than likely carrying around the 
"FRESHMAN 10." 
10 extra pounds of fat l 
... and no body wants that. 
So yexfre beglrYlt"'9 [0 look lIke a ham· 
o..'gt'" Now IS ~ 1/",., to start YOU' pnl'" 
Kill fitness program at Jack laLannt" 's And 
wt ~ ~ It , ... tasy on you, o..Clgt't 

SPECIAL STUDENT 
DISCOUNT 

Just'99 •. 
for one full ~r membership. 
Regular exerCIse and good diet ~Ips you lOse weight 
and feel good. Nautilus tn many locations. krotllcs to 
musIC. fret! ~Ights. sWimming pools. steam. wntrlpools 
and saunas. dreSSIng rooms With private lockers. and 
COsmetIC makeup conSUltatIOn are Just some of the 
amenities avallatlle to you al Jack Lal.<lnne·s 

So Jotn tGUy. 
S". for _ full yo,. 

TIuIt'l 66'% off the reguIM 
price' Must.,. 18 Of oId<r 

Qun A N AH(I"" ClAHfE .... ONT AND WEST COVINA HrAlTH 
AND AACQlJf r (l UB S "W O W' l ATU fi E n,A, ( QU E TB.A.ll · 

I 

Jack LaLanne'! European Ilealtli Spas. 
·_.......- 11'·.... .a-.- .... - ........ 
........ .. ...... 118/1 ~ .... OQI" IIYd 
Ir.IO Wk,.tttfol"W' ~-l"''''' 

. ......... _ .... tM$ XX)~ 81~BI"" 

.~~~.:...,.,..- '!,i!CfflI: ;'::"" '" 
'"..-- ,~-",,,,,,,,, 
IJll \ 8r',loI .441C~""""'r'V' 

.0.-..,.- ... ...".. · .......... fiI - ........ 
.lUll '1Otf'Mlf' ~ "'b'II P ... ,,, (OMI H~ 
1I..w._ "'·11M ~."-'_."''''' 
I .k.d l II "" ... IItI),O(3 !.J64I ow' ...,....,. 8t¥a 

.,...wn .. - .,...... · ............ - 1,.·f'ttt 
l~h"()r~pr~ J 40IlofooMolV\dC"", 

· P ...... - ,.. ..... 
'710 [")I COV..OO ItYd 
.~-~." 

4M) ( AM Holt ~ 
........ - .... " .. 

~~::-nn~lm 
.,/00 Af Iol'l;II..II" Aoot'1uf' 
--... - 1 ....... J'JOI\Wf"\II-t,4tI~"'" IM..__...- .. -• .., 

1()(;"' f""~I,oIofyl ... '" 
,.,........ o.e.,- 4" -'Jl4 
"'HNc.' "'-o,)(>Ip.ttiL'" 

. "'-"_.-..... ". 
1 JJ1~ H.twlMoI'nr""" 
-~:A:'! 
. v .. ,..,.- , .. -u" 
IIJI v.., II.Iuy\ ~\IO 
... CewtM- ....... 
IOlu ...... , \4 (<1\'0'''' ,.. ~....-,. 
tIIIIJinIIC ....... - ........ ' 
................ 
1/11 I CJAvf"y""" 

..... ~...-.J 
............ - ......... , 
. ,." .. "<*f)-'IItf'''''' ~,f'pl 

' a.e.VIIb-~'" JJ"J'o~ ( ........ - J, ..... ,. 
o (I_t"monc Or_ 

.•• CajM1- I7'-"" 
IH8t~Af 
~ ~~tTl"-'''' 
' '''''''''''-~'''H JIUO~\IC'f 
or,.,., prkIK ",..,.,. 
AMERICAN HEALrH 

& FITNESS SPAS. 

-----------------------------------------------------
.Mdl UII.ai .... Eurapun HMIIh Spas. 

Fill OUT THIS COUPON TODAY. 
TAKE IT TO THE SPA OF TOUR CHOICE. 

SPECIAL STUDENT DISCOUNT 
M,lk~ ch«k~ PdYt4blt 10 JdclllAl~nnt' \ 
EncJo\rd llna thfodl / ITIOrIr'Y mcwr 'Of 
SH. for one full ye.r. 

ZIp 

For spouse Information. contact the 5jXI nearest you. Fex further InfexmatJon 
calI2.3/86'.(j700 In SarllMgo call 619/276·9233 

In thCIT "ofTicial" home opener on 
... :lrllrclav the UCSD men 's baseball 

swept a pair of games With the 
niversiry of Redlands by the scores 01 
1 and 8-0. Although the Tritons have 

·:llro":l llIV played at home this season, 
twin-bill kicked off the stan 

the 984 campaign with Channel 8 
rh ,~rn"n Hal Clement (who wem 

the team to the People's Republic 
China last season) throwing out the 

rst baD. UCSD volleyball coach-turned· 
nOlmr,pr Doug Dannevlk did the 

address announcing, and a 
rathon barbecue highlighted the 

action off the field . 
In the first game, UCSD broke a I-I 

tie in the fifth inning with a display of 
baseball execution at ItS finest. Klaudio 
Biazevich bunted safely. stole second. 
advanced to third on a groundout and 
scored on a sacrifice fly by David 

ich. The Tritons added an 
insurance run in the sixth when Dan 
DiMascIO tripled home Dave Becherer. 
Triton pitcher Roben Rolf struck out 
seven and notched his first win of the 
season. 

In the second game , UCSD exploded 
for four runs in the first, highlighted by 
Bob Natal's run-scoring triple , and the 
Tritons never looked back. Natal later 
homered as UCSD went on to post an 
8-0 win. While the Tritons roUed . 
through the Redlands pitching staff, Enc 
Reynolds was silenCing the Bulldog bats. 
Reynolds had a no-hitter going through 
SIX innings, and finished with eight 
strikeouts and a three-hit shutout. 

UCSD, now 2-4 on the year, rravels to 
Claremont Mudd for a double-header on 
Tuesday, and returns home to Cal Tech 
in a double-header on Saturday on 
Olsen Field . 

__ IN HONOR OF BLACK HISTORY MONTH __ I 
PROPHET PRODUCTIONS & CHE CAFE PRESENT 

A poetry reading with 
Jamaica t S top dub poet 

Thursday, 
Feb. 16 

$4 .50 ADVANCE $5.50 AT THE DOOR ALL AGES WELCOME 
TICkets available al Assorted Vinyl (UCSD). Off The Record. Lou's Records (E nCinitas), 

The Baobab and The Prophet. For more Info . call 283 1566 or 239·5139. 

SOON COME : ROCHEREAU Feb. 21, SDSU 
BARBARA PAIGE Feb. 2S, UCSD BLACK SHEEP Mar. 14 

REGGAE ON THE RADIO: Reggae Makossa Sundays at 9 pm on 9lX 
Dread at (he Controls Sundays f.4 pm on KSDT . 95.7 Cabl FM 

Men netters beat 
U CSC in All-Cal ... 
By CHRISTINA KAUS 

"We did the job we needed to do," 
said UCSD's men's tennis coach Steve 
Mott on the team's semi-successful trip 
to UC Santa Cruz for the annual All-Cal 
Toumament. The Tritons defeated UC 
Santa Cruz, another tough Division III 
team, in their attempt to defend last 
year's championship tide. 

Led by number one and two singles 
players Eugene Jones and Dan Beers, 
the Tritons barely edged out UCSC by a 
score of 5-4. As Molt put it, "It was a 
tight match . All of the scores were 
relatively close." The outcome was 
eventually decided by a doubles match 
which paired UCSD's Jones and Beers 
against UCSD's Buss and Horch. The 

Truons emerged ViCtoriOUS by the scores 
of 4-6, 6-3, 6-3. 

Beating UC Santa Cruz was a big goal 
for the Tritons. Only three teams from 
Califomia are allowed to compete in the 
Division III Nationals, and, as it just so 
happens, the top four teams in the 
nation are aU from Califomia. "This 
gives us a direct Win over Santa Cruz: 
said Mott, "and since we do not play 
them again, this helps us for Nationals." 

However, the trip was nO! 'a complete 
sweep for the rritons. In a match 
against UC Davis, UCSD relinquished a 
4-2 It:aJ after Singles play by lOSing all 
three doubles matches en route to a 5-4 
defeat. Had the Tritons won . they would 

... As women netters 
upset Poly Pomona 
By JULIE RICHTER 

Playing in top form. the UCSD 
women's tennis team captured a viCtory 
over visiting Cal Poly Pomona. 6-3, on 
Friday to achieve the greatest upset of 
the season. It was an encouraging win 
for the squad as it defeated a team that 
placed eighth nationaUy in the NCAA 
DiviSIOn nlast year. In a five-hour 
match , UCSD won three of the six 
singles l\Iatches and all three of the 
doubles matches. 

·We felt positive gOing into the 
match ," commented coach Liz Dudash 
La Plante. "The girls are playing with 
much more confidence and strength in 
their game: Number one seed Cathy 

Sturdivant downed Mary Holycross 1-6, 
6-3, 6-4 , in her best match of the 
season. ·Cathy was playing well mentally 
and wasn't missing the balls as she was 
in the first set" She also strengthened 
her game by comi ng to the net. Number 
two player Jessica Vernon won the first 
set easily, but ended up losing her 
match, 6-0. 4-6, 0-6 to Beth Cohn. "She 
played outstanding, and was coming to 
the net on everything in the first set. 
Then she tightened in the second set, 
was tentative, and stopped coming to 
the net," remarked La Plante. 

In the number three posinon , Lisa 
Gilben was defeated by lYebbie Jung, 6-

914 • VW • BMW. AUDI Service 
German Car Specialists 

All work fully guaranteed. Factory · Trained Specialist 
Monday·Friday 8 am • 5:30 pm • Saturday 8 am . 5 pm 

(619) 454·3705 (1·5 to Balboa Exit) (619) 454078231" 14630 Mission Bay Drive 
(619) 275·1132. San Diego, CA. 92109 
* We use and recommend Ktmdtrll® Lubricants to our customers. * 
----------------------------------~--UCS'D SPECIAL 

4 cyJ Tune-Up $45 
6 cyJ Tune·Up $65 

With This Coupon 
(Not valid with any other CVU/Io11) 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

10% OFF 
On All Other Repairs 

(Except Motor & Transmission Overhaul) 
With This Coupon 

(Nol valid witlt any other cvlfpon) 

SOFT CONTACT LENSES 
in 
most cases 

INCLUDES: 
Contact lenses, examination, 
patient training, follow up, 
chemical care kit and fitting . 
EXTENDED WEAR LENSES 
ONLY $165.00 

THE CLASSICAL EYE 
DR. ROIERT H£WR OPTOMETRIST 

La Jolla Village Square 
(Inside the Mall; Lower Level) 

8657 Villa La Jolla Drive • Suite 136 
451-7374 

Hydrocurve Qtended wear lenses available. 

have clinched the tournament title for 
the second year in a row. "It was bad 
luck for us and lucky for them ," said 
Molt. "I think they're not the best 
Division II team, but a good Division II 
team. We still should have beaten them, 
because we are as good as they are." 
Mott pointed Out the play of number 
three smgle senior Brad Driver. "He 
played the best I've ever seen him play. 
He just beat his opponent's brains out!" 

Mott also noted the performance of 
Jones and number five seed Mike Gates. 
"Both of them played great. They won in 
crucial matches." 

UCSD will not find out about its final 
toumament standing until this morning. 
The Tritons' chances for winning the 
tournament for the second time hinge 
on the results of the UC Davis-UC Santa 
Cruz match. However, Mott is pleased 
with this team. "All in all the team did 
quite well. We accomplished the most 
Imponant thing - beating UC Santa 
Cn.tZ " 

0,6- 1. "Her opponent was extremely 
steady." noted La Plante , "and Lisa was 
missing more than usual today." Meli 
Sani also went three sets before lOSi ng a 
tough match against Lauri Lastauna , 7 -5, 
4-6 , 2-6. "Meli should have won this 
match ," noted La Plante. However, her 
opponent became the aggressor in the 
third set, rushing and attacking at the 
net. 

Rounding out the singles matches 
with wins were number five player 
Brigid Rea and number six player Glenn 
Moses. Rea, after splitting setS 6-4. 6-7 
with Lisa Takata, came back to Win the 
match. 6-0. Moses beat her opponent, 
Kate Dresher, easily, 6-3 , 6-3. Playing 
number seven, Susan Sanchez defeated 
Krista von Stetten. 6-3 , 6-2. 

With a team score of 3-3 going into 
the doubles matches, these sets became 
the deCisive ones. Sturdivant and 
Gilben. the number one doubles team, 
lost no time in their two-set match . 
defeating Holycross and Dresher. 6-0, 6-

UCSD vs. UCSC 
#1- Eugene Jones def. D. Lincbarger 

6'+,6·3 
#2- Dan Beers def. S. Buss 

6·7,6·3, 6·3 
#)- Brad Driwr lost to T. Mitchell 

7-6,5·7,6·2 
#+- Roy Dcrevanyik lost to B. Horch 

7 ·6, 4-6, 7·' 
#5- Mike Gates def. P. Daniel 

. 6·1, 7·' 
#6- J. Hammenneisttr lost to A. Hinton 

6-2,6-+ 

UCSD vs. UCD 
# 1- Jones def. M. Rothds 

7·5,6-7,6·2 
#2- Beers lost to A. Prcoules 

"·6,6-+,6·2 
#3- DrMr def. D. Hulonan 

6-1 , 6·2 
#+- Dcrcvanyik dC£ E. Dun 

6·7,6-4,6·) 

3. likeWise , number twO doubles team 
Vernon and Moses. playing together for 
the first time. did not give one game to 
their opponents Jung and Laustauna. 
crushing them by a final 6-0 , 6-0 count. 
Rea and Sani, playing in the number 
three slot, wem three sets to beat Cohn 
and von Stetten. 

The team's win-loss record now 
Stands at 5-2 , after losing last week to 
DiVision I schools USIU (l-8) and UCSB 
(0-9), and defeating Division UI 
Claremont Mudd Scripps College (9-0) 
and Westmont College (5-4). 

On Saturday, February 18, the squad 
faces its most crucial match of the 
season as it travels to Occidental 
College. This was the only team UCSD 
split matches with last year. and 
remains the Tritons' prime competitor 
in their division . In two weeks the team 
will be returning for four home matches. 
with the first one scheduled against 
Poim Loma Nazarene College on 
February 28 at 3 pm. 

AS ~ StUCldt argl 
~o~ce 

(Nora and JOSle) 
NEW BOUBS: 

oosed Mon~030 
TuesdaY-FridaY. . 

.. 



., 

Organizational 
Meetings 
MONDAY 
6rOO pm - All are welcome to come to the 
ChrIStian SCience Organization meetings. 
Mond¥. At these meetings. Students alSOJss I10w 
they rely on God In their dally lIVes. In the Revelle 
Formal lDunge. 
8rOO pm - UCSO Coed C;<ling Team. Meeting 
for all team memDers. Please. please. please 
attend/. In HSS 1138. 
TUESDAY 
7:10 pm - "The Effects of Pornography on the 
Status of Women" 1st publiC meeting of women 
and men against pornography I free). Work groups 
Wli De organlzea In SDGE Audttonum. 101 Ash. 
Call 298-3988 for Info. 
WlEDNESOAY 
4100 pm - APSA General Meeting - We Will De 
announong results of officer electIOns and 
diSCUSSing the upcomlnq APSA Conference at UC 

Other 
MONDAY 
9:00 ..". - The AS Internship Office offers 
Internships In many fields Blo-englneenng. 
convuters. pumallsm political saence <I'ld many 
more Come apply for an Internshp at the 
Imernsnp office. Deadlines are approacTling. 
Above the gameroom In the Studeni Center. 
TUESDAY . 
2:00-4:10 pm - Blood pressure-cnecks. tlide 
presentatIOn and diSCUSSIOn from 3-4 pm wltn 
Eileen Taylor, R.D Clinical Research DietICian, LJpld 
ResearCh. UCSD. In the North Conf. Rm Free. 
WEDNESDAY 
1 :O~2:00 pm - AMES FaCUlty-Student 
Meetings to diSCUSS new englneenng degree 
programs In structural and mechanical 

Academic Services 
MONDAY-PRIDAY 
1:10 _4:00 pm - PAl Conferences - Don't 
spend more time studying than necessaryl 
SChedule a one-to-one PAllpersonai assistance for 
learntng) conference to streamline your stuOjtng. 
The conferences will deal With your course 
materials concerns including reading 
comprehenSion. memory comrol, lecture 
notetaklng. and test prep<VatlOn, as well as now to 
manage your time. handle mess. concentrate 
Detter. and overcome procrastinatIOn. Sponsored 
by the OASIS Reading and Study Skills Center In 
USB 4010. 
8:10 _4rOO pm - OASIS Wntlng Center 
offers free service for all UCSD students wl10 need 
pre-writing help, conferences on drafts, and 
editing advICe. We engage any kind of writing and 
any kind of writing problem. Conferences are by 
appointment only. Evening appointments are now 
also available In OASIS Ttmd Place at Third College. 
IFor the full range of services see back of Fall 
Schedule). Call 452·2284 or come by USB 4010 to 
make an appointment. This service IS available 
throu!1lOUt the quarter. 
9:00 _-4100 pm - Grammar NJoses Hotline -
A grammar I10tllne pl1one-ln service for help With 
diction. grammar and punctuatIOn proOIems. To 
reach Grammar NJoses. call 452-22B4. Sponsored 
by the OASIS Writing Center. SerVIce available 
througnout the quarter. 
1 :.10-4:00 pm - Drop-In-Hours For qUICk 
questIOns pertaining to career planning, pb 
h.mtlng, resume crltlquelng etc. For more 
IndIVIdual attentIOn Sign-up or call 452- 3750 for n 
appointment With an adviSOr. In Career Planning 
HL 1058 
MONDAY 
10:»11:)0 .,. - Graduate SChool AdviSing. 
Planning on grctduate sChool after UCSDl After 
you attend a Graduate AdviSing Seminar, drop-In 
itt thiS time and talk to dfl advisor for more Speci fIC 
or detailed Information. In the Student Center 
Bldg. A. 

2~31OO pm - Job Market Trends Separate 
faa from f<Y1t.lsy. Our worksl1op Will help you 
unclerstand the Changing pb market and your 
tututre In II. In tne Revelle Formal Lounge. 

J~":OO pm - Resume Wntlng IMJrksl1op. 
Learn I10w to wnte an effectIVe resume. Start the 
process here then have your resume critiqued by a 
Career Planning & Placement advisor. A must for 
on-campus Interviewing. In the Revelle Formal 
Lounge 
TUESDAY 

9~101OO _ - On-Campus-Intervlewlng 
Orientation. " you are Interested In partiCipating In 
the on-campus Interviewing this quarter. It IS 
mandatOl)' tnat you attend one of these 
onentitt IOns Defore you InterVIew In the Revelle 
Formal Lounge. 
1 O~ 11:00 _ - The Language Pragr am Level 
I & 1/ - This OASIS program focuses on the 
rtlWlktng skills you need to successfully handle the 
reading and Writing tasks aSSigned In your course>. 
It IS deSl91ed for those who Wdflt to perfect their 

Berkeley. NI AslanjPaafic students welcome. In 
rtle ThIrd World Student OrganiZatIOn Lounge. 
5rOO pm - ACS-SA meeting. Dr. Donaghue to 
diSCUSS his current research. Great refresrmems 
too/. Be there/. In UH 1000. 
7:00-9:00 pm - Gay men's support group 
continues to meet Wed1esday evenings. This IS an 
Informal diSCUSSIon group for students. staff. and 
faculty, New members welcome, Sponsored I'Y 
LAGO In TCHB 141. 
JlRIDAY 
.:10 pm - Come and join us. We need youl 
Anybody wl10 likes to have tun playing games IS 
welcomed wltn open arms It IS free. so why not tl)' 
It I we meet Friday's IfI APM 2113. 

englneenng; cumClJlum Changes In all AMES 
programs and review o f the applicatIOn process for 
pre-AMES students All students Interested In 
AMES must attend one of these meetll1gs or PICk 
up InformatIOn sheets from Denise Cope. Rm. 5229 
after 2/20 anlfbefore they pre-enroll. Wed1esday 
and Fnday In the Revelle Formal Lounge. 
IiRIDAY " '-'-
1 :~2:00 pm.:- Do you nave "Conoom Sense T 
Celebrate NcltlOnai ConcJom Week by seeing this 
humorous film and dlscusslflg the advantages and 
disadvantages of condOms and other metl10ds of 
birth control. Offered by the Student health 
Advocates/women's CliniC. In the North 
Conference Room IStudent Center). 452-2669. 
Free condOm admission II 

Englisn language skills. LP classes are tauglt by 
reading and writing specialiSts and bilingual tutors. 
LP IS presented by the OASIS Wntlng Center and 
the OASIS Reading Center. In USB 4010 
10100 _..- - Memol)' Control - If 
forgetting InformatIOn IS something you can do 
Wltl1out. don't miSS ths worksl1opl We'lI cover the 
mind power technIQues known as mnemoniCS 
lassoaatlons. VIsualizatIOn, and key word pegs) 
and talk about I10w to stuOj for total recall. 
Sponsored by the OASIS Readtng & Study Skills 
Center. TCH 141. 
10:)0.11:)0.,. - Law/MBA AdviSing. Law or 
MBA school group adviSing hours for any 
questIOns concerning the applicatIOn for law 
school or MBA programs, see the Pre-
Law/Management advisor on an Informal baSIS. 
No appointments necessal)'. but It IS advisable to 
call first at 452-4939 If open l10urs are Delng held 
In the Student Center Bldg. A. 
Noon-1:00 pm - The FrenCh IMJrkshOp IS 
deSigned mainly for students who are wnting 
p~ers or other class assl91ments In French. 
Students not working on speaflc papers. Out who 
would like to perfect the" writing ability In French. 
are also welcome. The workshOp Will offer a 
unique opportunity for students 10 edit their own 
papers, and seek constructIVe crltlasm from their 
peers. It Will also prOVide danflcatlOn of grammar. 
meChaniCS. and sentence and paragraph structure. 
Pre-writing dlsClJsslOns, when necessary. Will De 
conoocted ,n FrenCh. Students may attend on 
regular or occaSional baSIS. In USB 4070. 
1 :~2:OO pm - Your Skills - Your Career This 
workshOp helps you Identity and articulate your 
skills - and relate tt1em to particular careers In the 
Revelle Formal Lounge. 
2:OO-J:OO pm - The OASIS GM IGrammar & 
MechaniCS) Worksl1op IS designed for studentS 
wno would like to work on clarltylng baSIC 
grammatical concepts and categories , and 
applying them In e)(tenslVe. systematIC senes of 
practICal exercises A n exerCIse m<inual to De 
purChased I'Y the Student Will De used. NI work 
Will De completed In the context of the workshOp 
In USB 30300 
2:.10-4100 pm - Drop-In adviSing open sesSIOn 
for Pre-Medical an(1 Pre-Dental students No 
appointment necessary. but It IS advisable [0 call 
first to confirm that the session will be held. In the 
Healtn Saences AdvISOl)' Program Career Planning 
& Pldcement Centel , S[ud Ctr Bldg. A 452-4939. 
WEDNESDAY 
9rOO .,. - The AS Internshp OffICe offers a 
Chance to De InvOlved With the approaChing year's 

Entertainment 
MONDAY 

~1.oo pm - Noon concert. "Out of 
Bounds", III the MIN Quad. 
lUUDAY 
8100 pm - LAGO'S Sooal Hour. A very Informal 
gathering of UCSO's gay & lesbian comrn.trllty. A 
great place to meet others In a comfortable 
atmosphere. 
W.DNUDAY 
6145 pm - UCSO War Abolitiorllsts - world 
Federalists "Day After" Valenune's Poetry Reading 
co-sponsored by UCSO IMJmen's Resource 
Center. at the Che Cafe. 
7rOO pm - Cross Country skiing slide show. Stev!! 
Barnett Will present a brief hlstOl)' of NordiC skIIng 
a mountain skIIng expeditIOn to ~ru StNe 
Barnett, an extraordinary Nordic skier, has skied 
througnout North America and Europe and has 
autl10red "Cross Country Downhill". In Solana 
Beach Pack FaaOl)'. 143 S. Cedros. 755- 7662. 
8100 pm - PreservatIOn Hall Jazz Band. MCA. 
GA SIO. fac/staff sa. UCSO st. 5(" UEO. 
THURSDAY 
7100 pm - "The Cl1osen", film, In PH 10. UJS. 
Free. 
8100 pm - "Love's labOur's Lost", Drama Dept. 
In the weiss Thei't,,!. (2/16-2/18) 
JlRlDAY 
~1rOO pIII- Street Dancers: featuring Star 
City and Rock City Jam Crew. On Revelle PIMa. 
RNPB. Free. 

~1.oo pm - Noon Concert MUIr Quad. 
7100 pm - "Oral HIStOl)''', film. In TLH 107. CWD. 
Free. 
7100 pm - Chinese Films. In PH 108. CSA Free. 
SAT\R)AY 
•• 00 pm - La ..blla CIVIC Uw. Sympnony 
Concert. MCA. GA S5, students S3. 
SUNDAY 
1:00 pm - La ..blla CIVIC UlIV. Sympl10ny 
Concert, MeA GA S5. students S3. 
7100 pm - "Love's Labour's Lost". Theatre. 
Drama Dept. In the Weiss Theatre. 

electIOn n Washngton, DC. Imernshps range 
from Political Saence to Economcs. Apply for a 
Washngton summer Internshp nght aw;,;. 
Deadlllle IS FeOrual)' 17. AOOve the gameroom in 
the Student Center. 
9:0CHOIOO ... - The OASIS GM IGrammar & 
MechaniCS) Worksl1op IS designed for students 
wl10 would like to work on darlfylng basic 
gr ammatlcal concepts and categories, and 
applying rtlem In extensIVe, systematIC series of 
practICal exerCises. An exerCISe manuaf to De 
purChased I'Y the student Will De used. NI work 
Will De completed In the COntext of the worksnop. 
In USB 30308. 
9:.10-11:00 _ - Drop-In adviSing In open 
sessIOn for Pre-Medical and Pre-Dental students. 
No appointment necessary, Out It IS advisable to 
call first to confirm that the sessIOn Will De held. In 
the Health Saences AdvISOl)' Program - Career 
Planning & Placement Center, StUd. Or. Bldg. A . 
452-4939. 
11100 _noon - Finding the Hidden Job 
Market. 80% of allpbvacanclesare unadverused. 
This workShOp Will teach you a way to find out 
about them. In the Revelle Formal lDunge. 

2~J.JO pm - Graduate AdvISing Semtnar. 
Planning on graduate sdlooll For InformatIOn on 
applicatIOn procedures . letters of 
recommendatIOn, staternerlt of purposes and 
admiSSIOns wterla. attend one of these seminars 
by Sl9111'19 up cit Career Planning & Placement 
Center Student Ctr Bldg. A or call 452-4939. 

2~4.00 pm - How to Concentrate At Will -
Ever wonder why you can't study when you plan 
to 1 Lack of concentration IS one of the most 
difficult dfla persistent problems college student~ 
face This worksnop Identities the factors that 
disrupt learning, and prOVIde proven technIQues 
for corTlOatting these problems. Learn hOw to put 
Out your maximum effort when you want tol 
Sponsored I'Y OASIS Reading & Study Skills Center 
In the Student Center Bldg. B. Conf. Rill. 
THURSDAY 

2~J.oo pm - InterVIewing Skills IMJrkShOp 

Do you nteO help In prep<VlIlg tor pb Intervtews: 
Scrne ~ on the best w¥ to present your 
qualifications and what kind of interview 
questons to expect. In the Revelle Formal Lounge. 
2145-4110 pm - Interested in the health 
professions 1 20 rTlInutes prIVate ~POtntments for 
career p1anntng advice for students Interested In 
'lealtn careers. Call In advdflce for appolntmerlt. 
but no earlier than one week. Health Saences 
AdvISOl}' Program 452-4939. In the Student Center 
Bldg. A. 

J~4IOO pm - On-Campus-lnteMewtng 
Orientation. If you are Interestred In partlapatHlg 
In the on-campus lrlIervtewlng this quarter. It IS 
mandatol)' that you attend one of these 
orientatIOns Defore you ntl'rVlew. In the Revelle 
Formal LDunge. 
fRIDAY 
9100-10100_ - The Language rrogrdrll Levell 
& II - This OASIS program foClJses on the thnklng 
skills you need to successfully handle the reading 
and wntlng tasks assigned In your courses. It IS 
deSlgled for tl10se whO want to ~a their 
English language skills. LP classes are taught by 
reading and wfitlng Specialists and bilingual tutors . 
LP IS presented I'Y the OASIS Reading & writing 
Center In usa 4010 
10 .... 11145 _ - Interested In the health 
professIOnS I 20 rTlInutes prIVate appotntments tor 
career plannong advice tor students nrerestl!d In 
health careers. Call In advance for appowItment, 
but no earlier than one weeI< . Health SOences 
AdvlsoryPlogram 452-4939. In the StuderltCenter 
Bldg A. -

Servicesj\x.!orkshops 
MONDAY 
.110 _ noon & .. -.1110 pm - Student 
Healtn AdI.ocates' Team presents the Body 
91oppe's Setf Care Centers where you can learn 
about hypertensIOn II in B Americans has It), the 
light w;,; to care tor a COld, and about skin care. In 
the Student Health ServiCes downstatrs main IoIJlJi 
Moi1d;,;-Frlday. 
2 .. 1. pm - EVE group IS a DehavlOral 
management weight loss program open to UCSD 
women students. Its tJtle "EVE" IS to point up the 
difficulty the late afternoon and evening l10urs 
pose for ti10se whO are trying to modity their 
weight , AttentlOfl Will be paid to strategies for 
copKl9 IMth these ttn1es. With stress. With bad 
habitS and other factors Which promote 
OIIet'eatlng. Group members Will set goals and 
rewards based on SUpportIVe Change strategies 
such as food excharrge plans. relaxation. 
I1omework and peer support. Meets weekly at the 
warren College Outoack cafe. Contact faCIlitators 
Bev HaUU at 452-3987 or Tmille POrter at 452-
3035 to sign up. 
TUUDAY 
9100-10110 .,. - A support group for Rape 
Victims Will be offered by Rochelle Bastien and 
ChriS Osterloh of Psycl1ological ServiCes. For UCSO 
lMlIl'Ien students wno haIIe been VictimIZed I'Y this 
cnme, the group Will focus on the emotIOnal 
IIl1pact that rape nas on the victim <I'ld her family 
and friends. It Will meet weekly at HL 1003. 
Interestl!d students please call Rochell or Chris at 
452-3 755 tor si!J1Up. 
Noon-1 rOO pm - Do you want to know more 
about sf)(uallty and birth controilif so, attend the 
birth control InformatIOn sesson on etther Tuesday 
Of Wednesday. Both male and female students are 
welcome. Session IS strongly suggested for 
IMJmen's Clintc patients and their partners. 
Lerurene and disClJSSIOn format . In the Student 
Health ServIces upstairS lounge area. 
1 .. 5100 pm - Campus Black Forum - This IS 
an Informal dlsClJSSIOn group centered on ISSUes, 
concerns and the quality of life of the Black 
wmrn.trllty at UCSD. It is an open, ongoing group. 
and students can JOin at any time. Phil Raphael and 
R:>ctleIle Bastien. Counseling and Psychological 

Sports 
TUESDAY 

SerVICes. facilitators. Meets In the Mt. View Lounge 
of the Third College Apartments. Students who 
would like more InformatIOn can call etther Phd at 
452-3035 or RoChelle at 452-3755; otherWIse 
they can just sl10w up at the meetings. 
5 .. 6:10 pm - Recovering from Eaong 
Disorders - Group I - ThIs is a group deslgled 
tor WOmerl who are attempting to conuol their 
\/\Ielght In maladaptIVe w¥ such as blnging. 
vomiting, excessIVe fasong, and over-use of 
laxatives or dlaeretlcs. The group foOJses on 
helping WOmerl understarld the relatIOnship 
DetlNeen thelr feelings and their eating Denav.ors. 
We focus on Interpersonal relationships. 
assertIVeness. and Changtng Dehavor using 
structured e)(eroses, DenavlOl'aI charting and 
group diSCUSSIOn. Meets weekly at HL 1003. 
Offered by lmasay Stroben, Counseling <I'ld 
Psychological SerVICes. Call her at 452-34 56 to sign 
up. 
WEDNESDAY 
..10100 _ - Re-t'i1try Students' Support 
G'oup - This group IS designed for re-entl)' men 
and women undergradute students to haIIe the 
opportUntty to share concerns related to their 
translton Into the academIC world. The group 
prOVIdes a way to make contact WIth other older 
students in a caring environment Led by Miriam 
IoSUPOV'O and Chris Osterloh. Meets In HL 1003. 
Students should call Becca at 452-3755 to sign up. 
J'--4IOO pm - Stress RedJctlOn and Goal 
Setting WorkshOp. This program IS Part One of the 
series Successful Strategies for the Career 
Development of IMJmen. In this sesstOn, women 
will bcus on a wi!'j to Set goals which allows 
strong POSS'bilit'es for success. The phlosophy of 
the procedure is that If a person works toward 
"small wins" motIVatIOn Will Increase. a winrllng 
hallit Will develop and performance stress will De 
reooce<l. Parttopants Will De guided thl'OtJg1 a 
deep relaxatIOn procedure ana then asked to 
develop a plan of actIOn br one goal. Offered I'Y 
Bev Ha(ju. PSychological SerVIces. Meets at the 
Warren Conference Room in the warren College 
Provost's oft. Call Bev at 42-3987 br more Inb. 
lHUMDAY 

. , ...... pnt - - ~Counsellng Group for· ' 
those Recovering from Eating DIsorders I RED II) 

7100 pIII- Badl'ninton vs. Claremont. In the gym. 
.-DNIISDAY 
1100 pm - Men's tennIS VS. Cal State Bakersfield. 
01 the MUir Courts. 
MlIMY 
4cOO pm - women's swim vs. Mills College. In 
the Canyon View Pool. 
5100 pm - women's oasketball vs. Cal BaptiSt. In 
the gym. SI. 
7 •• pm -lVIen's basketball vs. Cal Baptist. In the 
gym.SI. 
SATURDAY 
Noon - Men's baseball VS. Cal TeCh. On Olsen 
Field. 
7110 pm - Men's volleyball VS. lXllV of Southern 
California. In the qym. SI. 

Religious Functions 
MONDAY-I'RIDAY 
5:00 pm - Cat/'KlIIC Mass. Sponsored by the 
CatholiC Community at UCSD. In the lXllVerslty 
Lutheran Church. 
MOIIJD-'Y 
7110 pm - Catl10llc Bible Study. Make new 
discoveries and new friends. Sponsored by the 
Catholic Community at UCSO. In the CathOlic 
Lounge at the lXllVerSity Lutheran ChurCh. 
7115 pm - Campus Crusade for Christ's "Study 
Break I" Fun and fellowship I Tonight's topiC: 
Chnstlan Dating. yeah, In the Chancellor's 
Complex III-A. 
7.10 pm - CatholiCS. Lutherdns and 
Episcopalians meet In Covenant Committee for 
ecumenICal planning. In the lDunge of U1IVerSity 
Lutheran Church. 
TUESDAY 
10100 _ - Bible StuOj. Sponsored ty the 
CathOlic Community at UCSO. In the Catl10llc 
Lounge at the lXllVerSity Lutheran Church. 
7:10 pm - Catl10lic OISCussl()l1 Group. This 
\/\leek's topic: "EVIl". Sponsored I'Y the Catl10llC 
ComfTlJrllty at UCSO. In the Catl10llc LDunge of the 
U1lVerslty Lutheran Church. 

WEDNESDAY 
6100 pm - Student Supper and Bible Study on I 
COrinthians, NI welcome, Sponsored by the 
Lutheran Commurllty at UCSO. In the lDunge of 
U1lverslty Lutheran Church. 
7110-9100 pm - Inter-varsity ChrIStian 
Fellowship: Come and find out "How to De a fnena 
In friendship evangelism" With guet speaker Gin" 
Basler . Everyone is welcome to pin us as we Sing, 
share. and study God's word. In Cloud's Rest on 
MUIr. 
8rOO pm - Luther<l'l InqUirers Seminar led I'Y 
Pastor Johl Huber. In the Lounge at the U'werSity 
Lutheran Church. 
IlOO pm - BIble study. Sponsored by the 
Catl10lic Student Coordinators. In the lDunge at 
the U1lVerSity Lutheran ChtJrch. 
10100 pm - Candlelight Mass. Sponsored by the 
Catl10lic CommtJrlIty at UCSO. In the Ch~ at the 
lXliverslty Lutheran Church. 
tHURSDAY 
ZIOO pm - Cat/lOll( Bible Study. Sponsored I'Y 
the CathOlic Comtn.troty at UCSO. In the ~ 
MUIr. 
1141 pm - Student DInner. Sponsored I'Y the 

lecture 
T .. SOAY 
llJO pm - Energy Center Seminar Dr. Colin Mc 
CbnaId. manager, Modular HTGR Reactor Project, 
c;.o.-Technologies. Inc. "The Development of Small 
Inherently Safe HTGR Plant Concept" In UH 7104. 
4:00 pm - Jacques Godbout. Ouebec authOr. 

tne main fOQJs of this group will De to train 
students who are recovering from compulSIVe 
eatng habits or bouts Wltn eating disorders to 
become peer counselors. TOPICS will Indude 
learrong about various eating problems, Induoog 
phySical and emotonal aspects. After a perIOd of 
training. group memDers Will provlcle peer 
counseling and educatIOnal serVIces to other 
UCSD students. as well as prOVIde mutual support 
and encouragement. Some tunding may be 
avililable for peer counseling. Offered I'Y Bev Ha(Ju 
and Bob Barrett at Counseling and Psychological 
SerVICes. Interested students should call either of 
tnem at 452-3987 for Info and sl91 up. 
1.0..4:10 pm - Overcoming Procra5tlnatIOn 
IMJrksl10p - q,en to all undergraduate ana 
grac1Jate students, [his workshop IS designed to 
help parOopants overcome tnetr reluctance '10 get 
things dOne." The workshop Will foClJS on the 
causes of delay and structured ways of 
constructively overcoming tn,s behaVIOr. 
InteractIOn With otner partlopants Will De a part of 
each sessIOn. Led I'Y Hugh Pates. Psychological 
ServIces, at the Revelle Provost's Office. Call Becca 
at 452-3755 to Sign up. Meets br tour weeks. 
FRIDAY 
11100 _1:00 pm - B<>af Connectons Group 
- The ol:!ject of this group is to achieve lifestyle 
management ana stress reductIOn through light 
aerooc exerose. nutritIOnal analysis, II'oIt'Ignt 
maintenance. relaxation and self-hypnosis. By 
practICing healthful haOIts rogemer, students can 
develop a CDmfort fYlth their ~ Image. their 
weKj'(. thetr level 01 ~Iress and attain a reasonably 
I10hStic .festyie. Led ~ Bev Ha~, Counseling <I'ld 
Ps}Ichologicill Services and Datynn Profitt. Student 
I-i'!alth SerVIce. Meets at Student Health. Open to 
UCSD students. Call Bev at 452-3987 Of Dalynn at 
452-2419 or Info ana to Sign up. 
1.0..Il00 pm - Enhanong Social Skills Group 
- Meet new friends. develop ana Improve 
Interpersonal and social skills through 
presentaton and practICe In a friendly. supportl\ie 
group atmosphere. Led I'Y Dr. Steve Brady and BoO 
Irvin of Psychological Services. q,en to all UCSD 
men <I'ld women students wl10 Identify with being 
sty or resefVled. Meets In HL 1003, Interested 
students please call Steve at 452-3755 to stgrl up. 

Cat/lOlic Student Coordinators. In the Catl10lic 
Lounge at the [j1lVersity Lutheran ChurCh. 
Admlsson 52 
7110 pm - Catl10lic Bible Study. Sponsored I'Y 
the Catl10lic Community at UCSO. In the Cati10llc 
Lounge at the (j)IverSlty Lutheran Church. 

FRI~Y 
7:00-9100 pm - Prayer & praise - everyone 
welcome - orne of sln9lng and prayer, Sponsored 
by Intervarslty ChrIStian Fellowslllp. In the MUIr 
Apartment Lounge. 
SATURDAY 
5100 pm - CathOlIC Mass. Sponsored by the 
CatnollC COnYTluntty at UCSO. In the Chapel at the 
(j)I\IerSlty Luther an Church. 
SUNDAY 
IlOO & 10100 _ - EPISCopal Church IXtUrship 
SerVIce: Sunday EuChanst and Parish felJowsIllp. 
GoocI Samaritan EpiSCOpal Church 4321 Eastgate 
Mall Across Genesee from eil5t end of campus, 
north of La Jolla Village Dr. IntersectIOn of 
Eastgate Mall and Genesee. 
8zJO _ - Catl10llC Mass. Sponsored by the 
CathOlIC Communtty at UCSO. In tne lXlll/erSity 
Lutheran Church. 

Ftbruary 13, J 984 '19 

will snow a film about hImself. and gIVe a short talk 
abOUt Ouetlec sOCiety as deplctl!d in hiS works. In 
TCHB 142 
SIlO pm - Israel Acton Committee. Meeting 
Speaker Prof. Laikoff from POll. Sd. Dept In the 
Revelle Formal Lounge. 
WEDNIESDAY 
4rOO pm - A panel of p'¥laans Will offer 
perspectives on the diverSity of opportunities in 
medicine. In the North Conference Rm. Student 
Center. 
5rOO pm - Dr. DonaghtJe will speak on his 
ClJrrent researCh at the ACS-SA mtng. In UH 1000. 
FRIDAY 
7110 pm - Leroy · Elms, noted autl10r & 
International lecturer will De speaking on " \Xhlat IS 
real Christianity". Leroy Elms has authorl!d 9 000I<s 
& numerous articles & IS currently Assistant to the 
President of the NavIgators. In the Revelle Informal 
Lounge. 

10100.,. - "NJoral and Ethcal Concerns about 
Nudear War," presented I'Y Fr. Bill Mahedy. UCSD 
EPIscopal ch~IaiO. In the lDunge of the U1IVersity 
Luther<l'l ChurCh. 
101JO _ - Catl10lic Mass. Sponsored by the 
Catl10hc Comm.Jnlty at UCSO. In the Student 
Center, Bldg. B. Lower Level, Office of RehglOUs 
Affairs. 
11100 _ & 7100 pm - Lutheran IM>rstlp 
ServiCes. In the chapel of the lXll\Iersity Lutheran 
ChurCh. 
4100 pm - Catl10hc Bible Study. Sponsored ty 
the CatholIC Community at UCSD. In the OffICe of 
the Catl10lic UJunge at the U1lVerSlty Lutheran 
ChurCh. 
5100 pm - Catl10lic Mass. Sponsorl!d ty the 
Catl10hc Comm.JrlIty at UCSO. In the lXlM!rSlty 
Lutheran ChtJrch. 
7rOO pm - EPISCOpal Student Feltowstlp pr¥r, 
song. bible studt, diSCUSSIOn. refrest1rnerlts, Fun. 
For InformatlOrl call 565-6661. Sl OiJI/id's Episoopal 
Churcn 5050 Milton St. In Clairemonr. 
.,1 pili - Folk Mass. Good Samaritan EPlSwpal 
Churcn 4321 Eastgate Mall. Across Genesee from 
eil5t end of ~s north of La ..blla \ilHage Dr. 

"': . 



Classified advertising space Is sold In 
100 character Increments. Each letter. 
punctuation mark and space between 
words Is considered a character. with 
capital letters counting as two 
characters. The rate Is $1.00 per 100 
charaqers for students and $3.00 per 
100 characters for non-students. You 
must come by the office or mall In your 
ad. as we require payment in advance 
of publication. Deadlines: 5 pm 
Tuesday for Thursday's paper; 5 pm 
Friday for Monday's paper. For "'are 
Information. call 452-3466. The 
Guardian. UCSD. 8-016. La Jolla. CA 
92093. 

HOUSING 

Univ Cty $775/mo 3bdr. 2bth. 2cgar. wsh/dry. 
Nr UCSD, shpng, pks. Nc yard, excel conv 

area. ~5207, ~3449. (2/16) 
Quiet. serious and considerate male 
roommate wonted to share master bedroom. 
Woodlands North, across from Ralphs. 
Furnished condo with tennis, pool. jacuzzI. 

~age. 5250 plus 1/3 uti I. Call Marc 453-3850. 
(2/23) 

LOST & FOUND 

Lost - Woman 's grey vinyl jacket. 
Sentimental value. very upset aver losing it. 
Please call 457-5616 ask for Karen or leave 
message. (2/16) 
Lost - ....tIlte sleeveless tennis sweater by Fred 
Perry. Call A.rtaew, x2073 between 9-5. (2/ 13) 
Lost IM:>man's watch on 9-10 somewhere 
betv.een Torrey Pines S. and NCB (Muir 
parking 6 lots sentimental value please call-
277-2367. (2/21) 
Please please call me if you found a sliver 
bracelet. Lost it on Thurs. Feb. 2. It closes with 
links with a heart on one of them. - Much 
sentimental valuelll - Call Mari at 459-5171 . 
(2/13) 
Found: glasses at Revelle Formal Lounge on 
Monday. Turned In to Police Station. (2713) 
Lost. Have no idea what to get your 
Valentine? Haw about a rose or carnation? 
Available at MOM. (2/13) 
Lost pa ir d glosses at Mandeville during 
OChem exam. If found please return to UCSD 
Police. Thanks. (2/13) 
Found (before X-Mas break) a skateboard in 
Muir parking lot. Coli Karen, 453-9901. (2/21) 
A valuable book of criticism and Important 
personal notes were left on the front desk of 
Room HSS 1330, otter the film ciass, Tuesday 
night. .January 31 any information, cali x4594 
for reward. (2/21) 

Lost. HP-11C Calculator in vicinity d Revelle 
Mud Huts and! ct adjacent parking lot. 
Sizeable Reward. Coli Ian Makl at 452-7189. 
(2/13) 
Lost. In West Balcony d gym - a ncNY blue 
windbreaker. If found, please call Roger at 

~9970. (2/21) 
Lost In Bookstore on backpack shelf: 
notebook by Mead w/black caver entitled 
"Sketch Diary." Inside are zerOKed copies of 
music glued onto pages w/handNrltten 
page numbers & title page. Also 2 
composltions & graded ooalysis paper. Need 
music for performance. Please turn In to Music 
Dept. office or call 421-9791 . Anita. (2/21) 

WANTED 

OVERSEAS JOBS ... Summer, yr. round. Europe. S. 
Arrer .. Australia. Asia. All fields. S9OO-2OClO mo. 
Sightseeing. Free Info. Write IJC. PO Bx 52-
CA19 Corona Del Mar. CA 92625. (3/8) 
U8-40 I need two tickets pleeez pleeez 
somebody help me coli Dan 459-3910. (2/13) 
Word-processing person, Catt system. 
Variable hours. good pay. Chris 755-1321 
eves. (2/23) 
Wanted - Jimmy. inciuding buns, legs. and 
certain other body ports. when? - tonight. 
(2/13) 
ENTREPENEURS/SALESPEOPLE. ACT NOWI 
National Company seeks aggressive 
salespeople to sell sunglasses. Eamlngs 300-
1ooo/semester. Write PO Box 0540 Brawn 
University Providence RI 02912. (2/13) 
COOK - ~pIy at Upstart Crow & Co. Plaza of 
the Four Flags on Lomas St Fe In Solana Bch 
Immed opening. (2/14) 
Computer accessory company needs 
shipping/general office clerk help 25 
hrs/week requires lite typing and car. Call. 
Lynell at Sow Enterprises. -755-8324. (2/23) 
NEUROSCIENCE STUDENT OR GRAD TO 
RESEARCH AND IN STRUCT ME IN 
NEUROANATOMY/PHYSIOLOGY OF CON-
SCIOUS/UNCONSCIOUS/ AUTONOMIC AS-
PECTS OF MIND - BODY TREATMENT 
MODALITIES. i.e . - HYPNOSIS, BIOFEEDBA(X 
PLACEBO. VISUALIZATION. ETC. BILL 265-7990. 
(2/13) 

SERVICES 

UNWANTED HAIR REMo/ED PERMANENTLY 
near campus. La Jolla Professional Center. 
8950 Villa La Jolla Dr. Suite 1160-C Coli for 
appt 453-7040. (6/7) 

Experienced Typist - Term papers. 
manuscripts. thesis. dissertations. $1 page 
double space-Del Mar oreo-call evenings -
Betty 755-4779. (2/21) 

WORKSTUDY 
STUDENTS 
WANTED! 

The Library needs student 
employees with work/study! 

Work/study jobs are available in 
the Central Library and all 

branches. Call 452-3063 or come 
in to the Library Personnel Office 

(2nd floor, Central Library). 

WORD PIROCESSING: Speedy service. Pickup 
& delivery on campus. Coli Andy at 279-8056. 
(3/15) 
Typing. word processing. cassette 
transcription. Quality work at reasonable 
rates. La Jolla. Sandy, 459-5818. (2/27) 
Typingl Wctd Prooessingl Rush jobsl Term 
papers. theses, resumes. transcription. 
Jen~fer 274-5005. (6/7) 
Star Words typing & word processing. Student 
papers. thesis. 9580 Blk. Mtn. Rd. Suite 6 578-
4)41. (2/23) 
Typing ServIce. 24-hour resultsl Neat work only 
$1.25 per page. Coli Rerae to arrange pick UP 
and delivery. 453-9067. (2/16) 
Need a typist? Reasonable, Speedy. 15 years 
experience. Guarantee work. Coli Kathie 5 76-
1277 anytime. (2/16) 
TYPING - $1 per page discount Klnko's 
Copies La .Jalla Village Square. 232-9797. 
(3/15) 
Astrological Compatibility Charts w/ analysis. 
Invaluable to any serious romantic 
relationship 298-1123. (2/13) 
Term papers - theses - dissertations. Law 
rates. fast service. Pro-Type. 454-6860. La Jolla. 
(6/7) 
Exceptional typing. all kinds. Super IBMIlI. Fast. 
precise. spelling. 5 min. away. Mariann 450-
1138. (3/15) 
1YPlNG: IBM RUSH JOBS term papers theses 
dissertations editing 453-0656 ( eve) 452-5188. 
(6/7) 
TYPtNGjIM:)RD PROC. - ThesesiDiss/Popers 
- Exper. all format - Reasonable Rates -
No. County 726-3087. (3/15) 

FOR SALE 

Computer Tl99/4A New-never used w/ 
joysticks. cassette recorder. manuel's S60 Bob 
455-09071-6 pm. (2/16) 
Cordless Phone with 700 range. 9 number 
memory. redial. $75 or best. Call Steve at 453-
5223. (2/13) 
Ford Pinto 1980 excellent condition. Only 
33.000 miles. New battery and tires. $2650. 
Call Joel. 296-7437. (2/27) 
Exercise bike - New, $80; 2 full beds w/oox 
springs - $20/$35; call 224-8412 early WftNFor 
late evenings. (2/17) 
Chevy Nova. 73 350 V-8. pwr steering. brakes. 
reasonable condo $750 or offer. Coli Sue at 
571-1754. (2/20) 
Freel 1 small pet rabbit. to a good home. 
Cage Incl? Coli 270.{)349. Doug. ct leave a 
message. (2/13) 
Chevy Novo. 1977. Basic. generic reliable car. 
Runs fine. True bargain offered by teacher. 
454-2813. (2/13) 
For sale 1982 Centurion Clic 10-speed. $100 
Call 481 -1386. (2/16) 

NAVY NUCLEAR' 
ENGINEERING 

any better offers? $24,000 
to $54,000 after 6 years. 
If you are 19 to 26 years 
of age majoring in math, 

chemistry, physics or 
engineering and would 

like to learn more about 
this opportunity 

CALL 
COLLECT 
(619) 

293·6746 
Call between the hour of 9 
am to 5 pm, Mon . thru Wed. 

RJTONS and FR.AMES. 1~ cotton very 
comfortable. use for both bed and couch. 
GOLDEN MOON RJTON 274-4574. (2/16) 
For Sale 1983 Vamaya Rivo 125ccs. 40 mph, 
all automatic. S8OO/bo call 481-1386. (2116) 

PERSONALS 
Dear Elizabeth Happy Birthday to you Happy 
Birthday to you Happy Birthday dear Liz 
Happy Belay to you. (2/13) 
The "MILE-HIGH" Club consists of people who 
rove had sex while flying. Several UCSD 
Soaring Club members belong to It. Yoo are 
invited to join the club. Call Alan. 566-7405 for 
details. (2/13) 
TIto you're a piggy scum who we'd like to kick 
out on the bum but June will come for the rent 
from us. (2/13) 
Dear Rlt: Roses are red violets are blue all of 
your friends wish Happy Birthday to you I asp 
me E2. (2/13) 
Treat that special valentine to a Rose or 
Carnation. Avail. at MOM. (2/13) 

TRAVEL 

The following trips are being orgallzed to 
coincide with UCSD's spring break. Utah ski 
trip March 23-26 $134. Son Felipe Mexico 
March 24-26 $115. For more information 
contact Kay 268-8843 x370. (2/13) 
Council trcNeVOEE provides information on 
student Charters. rallpasses, Inri student Id's, 
hostel cards. tours for ages 18-35, work and 
study prOQlOml. and much more. Stop by the 
Student Center or call 452~. (6/7) 
Escape first classl Fun In the sun with UCSD's 
2nd annual SprIng Fling to Mazottan Mar 25-
30. Trust the Rae Deprs . reputation for 
9lCC9IIent vacation fun at a gIeaf price. 
Details - campus rec x 4037. (2716) 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 

Send your Valentine some heart cookies sold 
in Plaza Feb. 13&14 fran 9-5 sponsorTKES tree 
camp. de/Iv. 

Don't be full of hat air... buy your sweetie 
balloons for Valentines Day. On sale 10-2 on 
2/ 14 In Revelle Plaza. Sponsored by Alpha 
Omicron PI to benefit the Arthritis Foundation. 
(2/13) 
AIM. Star Wars?? See the Northrup F-5 fighter 
In cxtlon Tues. 7 pm Revelle Formal spnsored 
by AIM (2/13) 
Send your valentine some heart cookies sold 
In plaza Feb. 13/14 from 9-5 sponsor TKES tree 
camp detiv. (2/13) 

COPYTEX 
- COPIES 
- BINDING 
-WORD 

PROCESSING 
- LASER 

PRINTING 
FAST TURN AROUND TIME 

4166 Convoy St. 
(So. of Balboa. n~xt tu AMon Brus) 


