
-
. Looking' towar_~·-~.- . 

: 

the future 

What to expect after graduatlon~ 
Story on page 7. 



"The History of Houses Without 
Walls," a 24-hour musICal event, will 
take place June I at 4 pm In the 
Mandeville Center. Fifteen UCSD 
student musicians will take part in the 
structured, multi-spaced improvisation. 
The cavities (stairwells, waterducts, etc.) 
of Mandeville will seNe as the acoustic 
spaces which allow listeners to perceive 
the original music in hundreds of 
distinct ways. The event is part of the 
Student Ans Festival. For more Informa-
non, call Alexandra Williams at 452-3120. 

o 
Mother I'm Here is an original SCript 

written by the UCSD Feminist Theater 
and Video Ensemble that will be hosted 
by the San Diego Public Theater on June 
4 and 5 at 8 pm. An additional 
performance will be held on campus at 
noon in Studio 140 MCC. The play 
takes place in a holding cell at the San 
Diego County Jail. In the course of the 
evening, ten women of widely differing 
backgrounds are brought together. 
Through the performance, the audience 
is able to explore the issues relating to 
mothering and daycare. For 
reservations, call 237-7378. 

o 
"UCSD Education: Past, Present and 

Future" will be presented by the Oasis 
T eaching-Learnmg Seminars on 
Wednesday, May 30, from 4 to 5:30 in 
the Administrative Complex Room lilA 
Dr. James Arnold and Dr. Stanley 
Chodorow will delve into the history, as 
far back as 25 years, and will anempt to 
depict what the next genera nons of 
students will find here at UCSD. 

o 
Four Clmdidates for the Democratic 

nomination in the 43rd CongreSSional 
District will speak to the Democratic 
Club of UCSD on Tuesday, May 29 at 4 
pm in the North Conference Room. One 
of the candidates, Lois Humphreys, wiu 
have a documentary shown on 
Cablevision Channel 30 on May 31 and 
June 4 at 7:30 pm. Called "Batiquitos 
Lagoon," the documentary was wrinen 
and produced by Humphreys. 

o 
The number of eligible freshmen 

admitted to the University of California 
increased by 5.6% in the fall of 1983 
compared to the previous year. 
Applications from most ethnic categories 
increased in that time period, especially 
from Chicanos (up by 179 students) 
and Asians (up by 456 students). Similar 
data for Black and White/ Other 

1968 ... 
Mary McCarthy, 19-year-old daughter 

of Senator Eugene McCarthy, spoke 
Monday at the Revelle Plaza on behalf of 
her father's presldentlal candidacy. She 
spoke of the senator's attempts to 
Initlate a new type of politiCS in this 
country symboltzed by information, 
openness and honesry. MISS McCarthy 
said that her father feels that a total 
reevaluation of US foreign policy is 
necessary, and the be t way 10 control 
crime In the streets is by restraint on 
the part of the police. 
1970 ... 

UCSD studems go on mal again this 
Thursday on comempt of coun charges 
resulting from the May 11 sit-in in 
Building 2A About 50 tudents followed 
defendant Gerald Hall immediately after 
his arrest at a Revelle Plaza rally, 
chanting "Free aU polincal prisoners" 

applicants declined by seven and 283 
respectively, according to a repon by 
UC Vice President for Academic Affairs 
Wilham Frazer. 

o 
The Visual Arts Undergraduate 

Exhibition will open on Tuesday, May 
29, and runs through June 1. Open from 
noon to 5 pm at the Mandeville An 
Gallery Annex, the visual arts exhibi t 
WIll Include works In painting, dra\ving, 
sculpture, photography, performance 
and film /video. For more information , 
contact Alexandra Williams at 452-3120. 

o 
AJfumative action programs have 

produced consistent gains In the 
proponion of women in almost all job 
categories at the University of 
California, according to Senior Vice 
President for Administration Ronald 
Brady. Another key finding in the study: 
in jobs where both men and women 
perform the same work, women's 
salaries equal or exceed men's salaries 
in about half of aU job classes. Despite 
affirmative action, female and male staff 
still tend to be concentrated Ln different 
types of jobs: women hold 
approximately 85% of the secretarial 
and clencal jobs, while men hold 
approximately 95% of Jobs related to the 
skilled crafts. 

o 
Volunteers willing to provide 

information concerning the effects of 
drugs and other agents on the unborn 
child are needed by the California 
Teratogen Registry at the UCSD Medical 
Center. Training will be held in early 
June , and upon completion of training, 
volunteers wiu be asked to commit four 
hours per week answering questions 
from parents and health care 
profeSSionals. Persons interested in 
volunteering time to this program 
designed to eliminate preventable binh 
defects should call Maryann Calley at 
294-3749. 

o 
The Ninth Annual Student Dance 

Concen will be held Friday, June 1 at 
Mandeville Center Auditorium at 8 pm. 
This year, more than BOO undergraduate 
Students per quarter have participated 
in the varoius dance classes. The dance 
concert is the combined fruit of the 
year's labour. The dances will include 
experimental dance, breaking, Jazz, 
modern ballet, fold, tap, Lann and other 
cultural dances. For more Information, 
contact Alexandra Williams at 452-3120. 

and 'Jail McGill, not the people." Several 
people blocked and sat on the police 
car In which Hall was seated. With a 
lew students still sitting on the vehicle, 
it ped from the campus, eventually 
throwing olT all Its unwanted passengers. 
1971... 

The state cannot fund EOP at UC 
because of "runaway welfare ." Governor 
Ronald Reagan told AS President Mike 
Paieic in a brief conversation Just before 
the Governor left the Regents meeting 
here Friday. PaicIc stated , "We've got to 
have low income people in the 
University if they meet the Intellectual 
standards, and not cut funding just 
based on the present economic 
conditions. which the Governor claims 
will improve soon" 
1974 ... 

1 he First Annual Watermelon Queen 
Pageant wllI be held In the Revelle 

Referendum passes; 
20°,6 still debated 

The student body in last week's referendum voted 54.4% to 45.6% in favorof 
adding a S25 fee per quarter in order to finance a new University Center. The 
vote allows the administration and planning committees to go ahead with 
drawing up concrete plans for the center and to pursue other means of funding 
the S12.5 million project 

Still one obstacle stands in the way of the center's final approval. Up until the 
time the referendum came to a week-long student VOle, it was unclear whether 
the measure needed 20% or 25% of campus palticipation for the vote to be 
valid. Since the final turnout amounted to 21.4% of the total student population, 
the ruling by the Chancellor's Office will derermine the effect of me vote. 

But, according to AS President Marc Boroditsky, the ChanceRor's Office will 
most likely opt for the lower figure. "The percentage requirement decision will 
be made Tuesday by Vice Chancellor Joe Watson and ChanceRor Atkinson. 
From what I understand, an administrative document will be drawn up that says 
20% is all we need: said Boroditsky. "I heard that from higher up, but that's not 
definite." 

Meanwhile, the reaction around the Associated Students Office was 
euphoria. "The referendum passing is the best thing to happen to this campus 
since the invention of the pub," said SBPC representative Greg Arnold. "It's 

...... ~;;;-a;;;,;;;fu. ;. Presidtnf, feels fhat fhe rtJermdum came III an 
"inopportunt f~," and fhal fhe administration will OK a 20% VOlt. 

going to be a well-run show. We've got Tommy Tucker, who has built university 
centers at other schools. He knows about financing, he knows what Students 
want. The only question now is what exactly is going to go in there, and when 
are we going to draw up plans and break ground?" 

Greg Arnold raised some of the very points that were used in the attack 
against the University Center: On which "ground" is the planning commission 
and Tom Tucker planning on breaking? (As of yet, no site has been chosen.) 
What exacdy will go into the University Center, and who will receive space 
allocations? And did Tom Tucker, with all his vision and enthusiasm, too 
quickly bring the University Center referendum to vote? 

"The issue of the UnIversity Center has been floating around for a while - it's 
not exacdy a new idea," commented Arnold . "There was enough information, 
and we could not have done any more." Y!!t the stacks of undistributed 
University Center leaflets that were supposed to have been given out at 
informational tables would seem an indication to the contrary. 

President Boroditsky, who was very pleased with the vote, was not in 
agreement with the timing of the referendum. "I think we made a grave error," 
said Boroditsky. "This is the third qualter and students are worn out. They want 
to get out of here and have their summer. We just had a vigorous AS campaign, 
and) think the students are campaigned to death. Tne referendum came at a 
very inopportune time." 

Caleteria June 5. The winner will be the 
main participant in Revelle's oldest 
tradition , the dropping of a watermelon 
from the tOP of Urey Hall. The tradition 
began when all the students at Revelle 
were freshmen enrolled In physics. On 
the final exam there was a kinematics 
problem about the trajectory of a 
watermelon falling off Urey Hall. After 
the test, the students picked a "queen" 
to actually perform the experiment olT 
the then-new Urey Hall . 
]975 .. , 

George Post offered a Sloo prize 

- Stnoen R Friedman 

Wednesday to anyone who could 
histOrically disprove the resurrection of 

Jesus Christ. Two UCSD Studems came 
to make the same offer. They call 
themselves the Unbelieving Students 
(US), previously known as M , 
Agnosticism and Atheism. US claims its 
I nterest is ideological rather than 
organizational, and its intent is to "put 
cosmic questIOns such as 'What is the 
meaning of life?' and 'Is there a God?' 
into their proper perspective." 

- Christopher Canole 

Research and development canned 

Blackhorse Fanns 
gets City OK 
By PAUL LAZERSON 

The San Diego City Planning 
Commission gave its approval to a 
revised version of the proposed 
Blackhorse Farms & Centre 
development , by a unanimous 5-0 vote 
on Thursday, May 24. The alternate plan 
that was given the go-ahead differs from 
the original in that there is no research 
and development faciliry included. 
Instead , it is replaced with an additional 
90 town homes. The project will contain 
- if approved by the City Council -
an executive conference center, retail 
shops, two Single-family estate homes 
and the townhome component. 

The commission also added several 
clauses aimed at lessening traffic 
problems associated with construction 
of Blackhorse Farms and strengthening 
by statute the linkages between the 
project and UCSD. 

Now, the Regents and UCSD must 
agree to specific on-campus parking 
and traffic mitigation procedures before 
the recording of the first final map of 
the development, and the developer 
must limit the types of retail shops 
contained in the commercial pan of the 
project to student-oriented issues. Also, 
linkages between Blackhorse Farms and 
UCSD will have to include first priority 
sale of townhomes to Universiry 
personnel, reduced rate at the 
conference center during non-peak . 
periods and guarantees of student 
employment throughout the development. 

Both the Sickels, O'Brien 
Development Group and UCSD officials 
were happy with the commission's 
decision, as it approved about 80% of 
the project. Pat Collum, UCSD's planner 
in charge of community relations 
regarding the developlJ1ent, said, "We 
were pleased with the approval but we 
really think the R&D facility is 
important. We are not sure now how we 
will proceed." 

Dr. Paul Saltman, a UCSD biology 
professor, La Jolla Farms resident, and 
long-time opponent of Blackhorse Farms 
said in the Los Angeles Times Friday, 
"We'U JUSt continue to fight. This is 
totally unacceptable. They didn't listen 
to us at all." 

Students spoke on both sides of the 
issue during the public testimony 
section of the hearing. "The commercial 
part of the development will put 
shopping within walking distance of 
campus: said Judith Riffle, a senior at 
Warren College who became interested 

in the development as a result of 
studying it as an Urban Studies and 
PlannIng major. Pamela Hillock also 
testified, but she was against the project 
mainly because of traffic and parking 
problems that could occur if it is built. 

The City Council will review the 
project in about six weeks, and if it 
approves, the Coastal Commission is 
the laSt hurdle the developer must clear 
before breaking ground. 
Due to an error in production, the foUowing 
material was deleted from the May 24 cover 
story on Blackhorse Fanns by Paul Lazerson. 

Violation of the LaJol1a Community 
Plan - a subsection of the San Diego 
City General Plan - is often cited as 
the first and foremost argument against 
the project. Although community groups 
who don't want thejroject built have 
been meticulous an thorough in their 
specific objections to Blackhorse Farms, 
their main argument is that the Stables 
area is zoned for low-density, single-
family homes, and that is how it should 
stay. No mitigation measures to lessen 
the impact of the project are possible in 
their view. WiUiam C. Kellogg, managing 
trustee of the trust that owns the La Jolla 
Beach and Tennis Oub, says, "The basic 
issue of whether the project belongs has 
not been addressed." 

The La Jolla Town Council, LaJollans 
)nc., Dr. Paul Sakrnan and Dr. Murray 
Goodman all contend that the 
University could sen the land to a 
developer who would build a prt,ject 
consistent with the present zoning at a 
relatively small loss~of income to UCSD. 
Because the Regents and UCSD do not 
want to sell any land after wimessing 
the experiences of UCLA and Berkeley 
who have run OUt of developable land, 
opponents have also suggested the 
University could develop the Stables 
themselves residentially, while retaining 
ownership of the land. 

Traffic and parking problems 
occurring because of the development 
are high on the opposition's list of 
unacceptable consequences of the 
project. There seems to be little doubt 
that the project will further impact 
UCSD's current parking problems. 

The planning department has insisted 
that N. Torrey' Pines Rd., from Genesee 
to La Jolla Village Dr., be closed to 
parking on both sides of the street 
concurrent with construction of the 
project. This would take almost 800 
street parking spaces out of student use, 
and although UCSD's parking 

r SOFT CONTACT LENSES I 
in 
most cases 

INCLUDES: 
Contact lenses, examination, 
patient training, follow up, 
chemical care kit and fitting . 
EXTENDED WEAR LENSES 
ONLY $165.00 

THE ClASSICAL EYE 
DR. ROBERT HELLER OPTOMETRIST 

La Jolla Village Square 
(InSide the Mall; Lower Level) 

8657 Villa La Jolla Drive. Suite 136 
451-7374 

Hydrocurve extended weilr lenses ilvililllble 

department is trying to minimize the 
impact of this reduction , the problem 
will be worsened by the proposed 
project. 

Included in UCSO's Long Range 
Development Plan are provisions to add 
parking structures on campus and to 
construct or improve the inner-campus 
road system. The planning department 
has tried to obtain commitments from 
the University to give a timetable for 
when these improvements can be 
expected , but the administration has 
balked at se tting specific dates for 
implememation of the improvements. 
They include some very expensive 
measures, such as a new freeway 
interchange on Old Miramar Rd. on the 
eastern ponion of campus. 

Atkinson commented on the planning 
department's request by saying, ") am • 
not prepared to make any commitments 
until our traffic study is complete [late 
June!. and we aren't going to make any 
commi tments that aren't in the long-
term interests of the Universiry. Every 
time we do something, the City wams 
us to rebuild its roads ... we just can't be 

the agency that solves every City 
problem: 

He also mentioned that UCSD did 
not have to go through the Ciry Council. 
He said , "The Universiry, by chaner, 
does not need City approval for 
building on Universiry land." Atkinson's 
decision to go ahead with the project 
only if the University could obtain the 
same approvals as a private developer 
can be viewed within the context that 
he was in his first year as chancellor 
and did not want to antagonize the 
community so early in his tenure by 
invoking the power of the University 
needlessly. He indicated that If the 
project is not allowed, UCSD will not 
bypass the City requirements for 
construction. 

Groups and individuals who are 
against the proposal indicate thay they 
are in the fight for the long haul, and it 
is not probable th at a final verdict will 
be delivered before September. After the 
planning commission makes its 
recommendations on the project, it goe~ 
to the City Council, and from there to 
the Coastal Commission. 

Joan Mondale, wife of Presidential Democratic candidate and fonner 
vice president Walter MondaJe, visited UCSD Friday to inspect the 
sculptures of the Stuart Collection, Mrs. Mondate (pictured with Ray 
Ramse)u, director of the UCSD Dcvelopmeill Office) was president of the 
Caner Administration's arts program and director of • program to have 
artists in residence at the White House, Chip Lord of the Visual Ans 
Department WlS one of two UCSD people involved in the program in 
1977. 

QUALITY MOTORING 
ACCESSORIES 

REAR WINDOW 
LOUVRES ~ 

EUROPEAN LIGHTING 
HEAVY DUTY 

SHOCKS 

CAR COVERS 

STEERING WHEElS · BOOKS · EXHAUST S,{STEIIIS 
PERFORMANCE ll-ORLD 

MIRAYAR-7160 Miramar Road 
578-7011-next to McDonald's 

SAN DIEG0-3550 University Ave, 
284-1109-3 blocks east of 805 

Special Discounl lor Students. Staft. and Faculty at UCSD. 
- With Th1s Ad -
Ezp1rel June 12, 1984 



4 May 29. 1984 
OPIl\IO~ 

~. .... . .. ~. ~ ... ' .... ~ .. ~~;;.~ ... '. ....... "'.f . .. ,. ' . ,.... .. _' .. 

Editorial 

UCSD's final grades 
no A's and no appeals 

The times are getting better for everyone, and that 
includes UCSD graduates (and incumbent 
politicians). Perhaps we are of too sanguine a nature, 
for although it pleases us, it does not surprise us that 
our most recent graduates were more successful in 
the employment market than the class before them. 
Certainly if they looked anything like the smiling and 
sartorially correct stock illustrations in the little 
pamphlet put out for the Career Services poll, their 
success was assured. 

More interesting than the fact that our graduates 
are doing well is why they think they are doing well, 
what has been useful of what they learned at UCSD. 
The qualities that the UCSD preparation for which 
graduates rated good or excellent one might have 
expected. Eighty-nine percent thought they were well 
prepared in problem-solving ability, and 87% in 
coping with pressure. It is perhaps odd that the 
percentages did not go hand in hand, since in a 
university those two necessities usually do, but it was 
predictable that the percentages were high. Research 
skills, which are closely related to the first two, were 
rated by 81 % as having been well or excellently 
impaned at UCSD. All academic disciplines require 
those skills, whether in the sciences, the humanities 
or the ans, so the 19% who thought their preparation 
in them fell shon are possessed of a disquieting 
opinion. 

Preparation in general and specific knowledge fell, 
respectively, two and three percentage points below 
research skills, so apparently not quite all of the 
people with good research skills found out everything 
they wished with them. There we can attribute the 
fault to the student ramer than to the institution. 
Coping with change pulls in a rather poor sixth with 
only 70%. However, because one would think life 
more apt to prepare one for coping with change, in 
as much as it is always changing, than college, we 
cannot condemn UCSD on that count either. 

The first statistic that is genuinely disturbing is 
that only 65% of graduates thought UCSD prepared 
them well or excellently in writing skills. And this is 
genuinely surprising, since people almost invariably 
have a higher opinion of their writing than it actually 
merits. We have relatively high entrance standards, 
required writing programs in each college, humanities 
classes, which include papers and final essays, in the 
curriculum, language requirements and many campus 
publications to serve as bad examples, and yet more 
than a third of our graduates think their preparation 
in writing less than good. 

Pan of the blame must go to high schools, and 
from there to junior high schools, and to elementary 
schools, finally ending up at the family and whatever 
social and cultural reliance it has on television and 
America's abundance of mindless recreation. Any 
college is hard pressed to halt the inenia of twenty 
years' rampaging feather-headedness, let alone 
reverse it. 

But having accepted our however many thousands 
of students a year, having decided them to be 
adequately educable, we have failed after having 
eduated fewer than two-thirds. The people who have 
accepted the sole responsibility of teaching people to 
write are the teachers and administators of the 

college writing programs. Either they are not doing 
their job particularly well, or they have accepted an 
impossible task, or both. The notion that one can 
stand up in a class and instruct people on how to 
write is one without much validity in the first place. 
It is possible to instruct people on the skeletal 
structure of the language, the grammar, mechanics 
and spelling, but that is something the programs 
seem to, for the best pan, avoid. But having accepted 
the notion of imparting general advice on writing, 
they ought to be more careful with the media through 
which they impart it. A shining bad example is a 
book called Telling Writing (even the name should 
make one shy away), epitomizing the Half-Assed 
School of Literature, which was perhaps not quite so 
embarraSSing in 1970, when the book was written, as 
it is now. The author has an unerring ability to 
identify good style and then condemn it. This book 
may no longer be in use; we hope not. The fact that 
it was once as if we had administered an electric 
shock every time a writing student picked up his 
pen. 

Writing is learned, not taught. If UCSD students 
were asked to read more in their own language and 
in foreign ones, if they were asked to read more 
books and write more papers in more humanities 
classes, if they wrote more for the flood of 
publications around the campus, heavily subsidized 
by themselves, then that one-third of unsatisfied 
undergraduates might disappear. 

Speaking skills, technical skills and interacting 
with others, all of which are rated even worse than 
writing skills on the poll, are all closely related with 
one major pan of the study, the value of experience. 
"Career-related, practical experience" is the only 
factor that conSistently correlates "positively to 
success in the job market" is a major conclusion of 
the study. None of these qualities can be taught: they 
all must be learned, learned through experience. 

It will not take a revolution in education for 
universities, in particular UCSD, to emphaSize 
experience. It will merely take the recognition that 
what universities have been doing right for the last 
700 or 800 years is preparing people for the adult 
world, which is increasingly becoming synonymous 
with the job market, with a dose of experience. This 
experience can come with academic work or without 
it, inside or outside the classroom, but unless we do 
things instead of merely being taught them, the 
columns in the graphs representing satisfied students 
will shrink on the way to nothing. 

II <efrfr<elf ~ll ceilit<elf ~ll <ellit<elf ~ II <efrfr<elf $ll cefr 
fr<elf~lettersll<ellit<elf$ll~llit<elf$ll<eilitce1r 
If ~ II cellitcelf ~ II <eilitcelf $ll cefrfr~lf $ll <etillcelf ~ll 

n®frfr®lf~n<eilit<elf~n<eilit<elf~ncefrfr<elf~llcefr 
The Opimon section this week has not received any 
letter~. This state of affairs is hardly an equitable one: Smce 
YOll arc forced to read ourwritl ng. you should force us to read 
yours If the students of this Umversity filled the Opinion 
section of this paper with theIr communicatlc ns . It would 
save us the unprofItable activity of inscnmg abject pleas 111 
our columns Sit down at your typewriter today. We had to . 

Editor 
Tim August 

Managing Editor 
Phil Lauder 

Copy Editor 
Joe Ot'siderio 

Opinion Editor 
James Ralph Papp 

News Editor 
Lisa Lapin 

Contributing News Editors 
Steven R. Friedman 

Sean Wagstaff 
Phil Willon 

Arts Editor 
Andrew Keeler 

Associate Ans Editor 
John Nee 

Sports Editor 
Jeff Savage 

Features Editor 
Christopher Canole 

Photo Editor 
Rich Pecjak 

General Manager 
Chris Milke 

Associate General Managers 
Linda Lewis 

Valerie McMullin 

Photographers 
Rob Friedenthal 
Mark Johnson 

Illustrators 
John Ashlee 

Steve Kloepfer 

Typesetters 
Joe Desiderio 
Anggie Lapid 
Phil Lauder 

Andy Laurence 

Production 
Paul FarweU 

Rob Friedenthal 
Lizz FuUer 
KeUey Neal 

Karla Spencer 

Staff Writers 
Lance Bernard. Ethan Feerst, 

David Fleminger, Roben Geyer. 
Jackie Gladfelter, Kim Haddad , 

Christina Kaus, Sergio Klier, 
Robert Leone, Michael Partos. 

Julie Richter. Dena ·Rosen, Sharon 
Sogomian, Yen Taylor. 

T he UCSD Guardian is 
pub l i s h ed Monday s an d 
Thursdays during the a ademic 
yea r by students at UCSD. Views 
expressed in the Guardian do not 
rep resent the views of the Regents 
of the Unive rSity of California or 
the Assodated Students of UCSD. 
All un - initialled editorials 
represent the views of the erltire 
ed itorial board of the Guardian; 
initialled editoria ls represent 
minority opinions of the editorial 
board . Reproduction , publication, 
or any use without permission of 
any ponion of thIS newspaper 
without prio r notification is strictly 
prohibited . 

The Guardian welcomes signed 
leners and commentaty as outlined 
in the OpInion sec tion; however, 
we are not responsible for 
unsolicited manuscripts or art. 

Our offi ce is located southeast 01 
the ReveUe Provost OlTicc next 
door to the Che Cafe on the UCSD 
campus. The BUSIness Office is 
open from I} am to noon and I pm 
to 5 pill Monday through Fnday. 

Sllh~cri pllons are available <lnd 
wil l he mailed It rSf class for $15 per 
CjllJncr 

fhe UCSD Guardian 
UCSD, 8-016 

La Jolla , California 92093 
(619) 452-3466 

CommentaI)! 
. 

Budgeting th~ profs 
By SEAN WAGSTAFF 

There has been a great deal of talk 
about the importance of smaD class sizes 
and teacher-to-student ratios . The 
reasons for having large classes, 
however, far outweigh the gripes 
generated by the Big Lecture Syndrome. 

The causes of this school's 300-
student class sizes are usuany cited as 
financial ones. True, If the University 
had the funds to hire ten times its 
present number of professors, the 
problem would be rectified. But the 
University does not have the money, 
and it is not likely that it ever wiD. 

Since we are limited in the number of 
professors we have, we must use them 
in the most efficient manner. 

It is usually lower-division, general ed. 
classes that attai n sizes of close to 300 
students. Many professors teach classes 
that require two lectures of 300 students 
each. 

Because tremendous numbers of 
students must take certain general ed . 
cpurses, it would require inordinate 
amounts of professor time to instruct if 
class size were limited to, say, 30 
students. For instance, Paul Sahman 
would have to deliver 20 hour-and-a-
half Bio. 1 lectures (aU ~pproximately 
the same in content) evety Tuesday and 
Thursday. Not only is this ridiculous, it 
is physically impossible. 

There are complaints that students 
cannot ask questions in a lecture haD qf 
300. Most professors will gladly answer 
questions; however, P.ecause ot the 
nature of lower-division general ed. 
courses, questions are most frequently 
spewed because of unstudied . 
aSSignments. If a professor deems a 
question to be at least sincere, he will 
invariably answer it or suggest that the 
inquirer see him at office hours. 

a place to sit. see a professor's face . read 
the blackboard or cope with a lack of a 
bosomy. warm. confidence-building 
intimacy with a professor, can only be 
answered by considering the plaintiffs 
punctuality, eye sight and .character 
strength. 

As for claims that sections and TAs 
are a waste of time and are ineffective, 
it is fair to respond that what one gets 
out of any educational resource depends 
on what one puts into it. 

The deficiencies of the Big Lecture 

system can be easily overlooked when 
compared to the benefits of the low-cost 
education that the University of 
California provides, even with 
restrictions that the low cost imposes. 
Big Lectures do. at times, seem to mass-
process students. though not necessarily 
with any bad effects, but only because it 
saves professors time so that it can be 
put to better use. Professors need time 
to do the research that makes them the 
most insightful people in their fields . 
Without that time, professors would 
soon lose track of progress in their 
fields. and students would be getting an 
outdated education. 

The time afforded to professors by 
allowing them to teach the Big Lectures 
also gives them the ability to teach smaU 
and intimate upper-division courses to 
students who have a sincere interest in 
the subject and who can be trusted to 
keep on top of aSSigned material. It is in 

these upper-division courses that the 
professor's expertise is needed in 
tacklinl! Questions, in contrast to lower-
division courses, where students' 
hmited background knowledge usuaUy 
renders their questions easy targets for 
TAs. 

The only reasonable alternative to our 
present system of Big Lectures is to do 
what the coUeges with the classic high 
teacher-to-student ratios do - charge 
big bucks. A possible alternative would 
be to homogenize class sizes, lower- and 
upper-division alike. The students 
would neither have the benefit of the 
Big Lectures nor the intimacy of smaU 
size courses. Professors would be forced 
to give many generalized lectures, would 
have little time for students or research 
and would, in general, cease to be 
thought of as expens in their fields . but 
would instead be looked at simply as 
teachers. 

If a student feels the need to ask an 
important question, but cannot ask it in 
the Big Lecture. he can see a professor 
during office hours. Not only are office 
conferences more intimate than lectures. 
but because of a lack of responsibility to 
other students during these sessions, 
professors are often willing to ramble at 
a pace co~fortable to the student. Most 
professors love nothing more than 
discussing topics related to their field. 
To the distress of many professors, 
however, much of their office hour time 
is spent dealing with students bickering 
about grades, or they simply do not get 
office visitors at aD. 

Complaints that students cannot find 
"Of course, it loses some oj its versatility, bu~ think oj the protection it gives .... " 

OASIS Teaching~Leaming Seminars 
present: 

UCSD Education 
Past, 

Present and ' 
Future 

Speakers: 
Dr. James Arnold 

(Past 25 years) 
Dr. Stanley Chodorow 

(present and future) 

Wednesday, May 30, 1984 
4:00 • 5:30 p.m. 

Administrative Complex 
Room lIlA 



OPI'" 10'" 

Commentary do The Duelist 
The Fanns crowd 
the countryside 

Down. and out 
in Down Under 

By S.Y. NEE 
The notion that there is no 

community surrounding UCSD is 
absurd. In addition to the relatively 
close areas of La JolJa. Del Mar and 
University City, there are readily 
available retail and restaurant spaces at 

. La Jolla Village Square and University 
Towne Center. 

Taking this into account, it follows 
that the proposed development, 
Blackhorse Farms, cannot rationalize its 
existence on the premise that it will be 
serving the UCSD community. 
Blackhorse Farms will be unfair on twO 
very major accounts. As in the past, it 
will be very unlikely that many monies 
raised from the lease of Regents lands in 
laJolla will be used for UCSD. Why 
should UCSD students and laJolla 
residents bear the ongOing burden of yet 
another local development so that 
another UC campus can enjoy the land 
wealth held in LaJolla by the UC Regents? 

Secondly, but in a similar vein, 
residents of La Jolla and of U1 Jolla 
Farms have been fighting for quite some 
time against large development projects 
in the area. Now, with this action, it 
becomes apparent that the UC Regents 
have no concem for the communities 
that surround their campuses and are 

It is with great regret that we 
announce the death of Sir John 
Betjeman, England's poet laureate. 
Sir John was one of the laSt great 
avoiders of free verse, and for many 
years we thought that he was 
immortal, having been bestowed on 
the modem world from without. He 
has requested that his ashes be 
scattered over Spoon River, where 
they will add a richness to the rather 
ordinary mud . 

ACROSS 
• lSAl 
2 GioiA! 
3 GRf 
• MCAI 
5 OAr 
6 MAl 
7 PCA! 
8 ueAI 

9 V~l 
.0 TOEfl 
11 SSAI 
12 PSAI 
13 ~Al 
14 A~I 
.5 M5KP 

OQWN 
• NMB HOE 
3 ECft.'G 
• flEX 5 N08 
6 NPB I 
7 NCBI 
• CGfN~, 

9 GR[ PSYCH 
10 CR[ 810 
" ACHIEVEMENI S 
12 NURSING 805 
13 CPA 
TC SPEW Rf AOI NG 
.5 ESl REVIh'I 
16 INIAO /0 

l Ali SCHOOl 

CLASSES ON CAMPUS 

~~ 
EDUCATIONAL CENTER 

.' f .• , f •• .II; ./"11""1 ' I 

SOn Diego Center 
2180 Gamet Ave .• Suite 2D 
PacIfic Beach 92109 
(619) 270~a10 
ML McNulty. Administrator 

going beyond that and ahenating the 
residents of these communities. 

For the inhabitants of La Jolla Farms, 
the problems presented by Blackhorse 
Farms will be many-fold . In addition to 
the unsightly nature of such projects, 
there will be an added problem of foot 
traffic through the neighborhood, which 
is largely family/ reSidential, of non-
residents. In summer months, there is 
also parking problem on La Jolla Farms 
Road, and the increased traffic from this 
project would only serve to make 
matters worse. It would be safe to 
venture that the residents of La Jolla 
Farms are largely against Blackhorse 
Farms. 

As with developments which were 
proposed some years ago, to develop 
the area which is presently a soccer 
field on Torrey Pines !:oad, the 
developers encountered significant 
protests from residents living in the 
immediate area. Obviously, their protests 
were not in vain, as the development 
never made it to groundbreaking. While 
it may not have been a conscious 
decision, the major developments were 
begun in largely barren areas and 
residential developments sprouted up 
around the mall developments. 

As well as the grievances that will be 
brought to light by the reSidents, the 
developers and zoning commissions will 
also encounter complaints from retailers 
in existing spaces. It may be difficult to 
substantiate without demographiCS a 
good deal of business for local retailers 
come from UCSD. Is this how we thank 
merchants who have served students-
and residents of UCSD? 

Should the decision be made to 
rezone the old La Jolla Farms Stables 
into retail and condomin ium district, 
developers and the UC Regents will 
profit, not the residents. 

By CHRISTOPHER CANOLE 
While walking through the eucalyptus 

forest on Friday, May 11 , I watched -a 
furry little marsupial squat and issue 
forth a smelly filth while smiling to me 
as if its. action were meant only in 
humor. I beckoned to a writer from one 
of the campus media to corne ~r to 
inspect the results of the little creature, 
when the CUle smile tumed and began 
taking little nibbles on my leg that 
caused mt to chuckle. 

Bur then the smile turned into fangs 
and began a vicious attack on the 
altemative media writer. As if preparing 
the alternative media for a feast, tht 
marsupial put false words into the 
writer's mouth, claiming they were actual 
quotes. The creature obsessively tore at 
the writer's Oesh with its claws and 
teeth Dying to cut the alternative media 
writer in half. 

Being concerned that these mindless 
attacks may be launched against others 
here at UCSO in the future, I checked 
out the Life magazine Nature Series book 
entided Tkf Land and Wildlife of Australia 
to study the true nature of Koalas. 

I immediately suspected I had not 
encountered a hannless Koala when I 
read that Koala means "no drink." The 
Koalas I had met this year were 
definitely prone to drinking, earning 
them the nickname "Tasmanian . 
Guzzler" (TG). Most noted of ~e Koalas 
is one who claims to create humor 
similar to Monty Python. For a year, tliis 
Tasmanian Python (TP) has been on an 
Australian Sabbatical (AS). Whi\e on the 
AS, he did not bother to disguise his 
vicious attacks, but now he is trying to 
conceal his devilish Tasmanian nature 
in Koala's clothing. 

Koalas are easy to identify. Their 
original ancestors were migrating rats 
that have developed thl'Qugh isolated 
inbreeding. Being a marsupial, the 

UCSD SPECIAL D.'tPw,L. AD_Yoa-can-J!at FREE Pitcher of Beer 
with any 

Large Pizza 
With Ad • Not Good on Take Outs 

SPAGBEl111 
*ZIO 

Mondays: 3:00 til eo. 
Phone Ahead: 452-0661 AI Items Ava ..... to Go! 

Only 5 minutes from the UCSD Campus 

Style Italian Eatery 
DrIve, Unlwrsity 
Thursday lilI 9:00: 

infant Koala has an extended 
. upbringing inside the mother's 
protective pouch, totaDy oblivious to the 
events of the outside world. Unlike that 
of most marsupials, tht Koala's pouch 
faces rearward, requiring infant Koalas 
to take an anal approach towards thtir 
development. 

Physiologically, the Koala has a 
smaller and simpler brain than other 
mammals. Unlike that of human lxing5, 
the Koala's brain does not have a corpus 
collosum; as a result. the ri!tht hand 
does not know what the len hand is 
doing. Also, the animal's brain condition 
produces an astonishingly obsessive 
single-minded ness. 

Fonunately, Koalas have had few 
offspring in the past, for since they 
consume two and a half times their own . 
body weight each day, they would think 
nothing of destroying an entire 
eucalyptus forest and .aIl its inhabitants. 

Koalas live exclUSively in the high 
branche~ of eucalyptus forests, where 
nothing survives below due to the 
poisonous leaves, the only food of the 
Koalas. 

Koalas are vegetarians, which was my 
second clue to the aue nature of those 
who claim to be Koalas, for they seem to 
have recendy changed their dietary 
habits. Not satisfied with their cute, 
sweet treats of tht past year, these 
Koalas have developed a taste for others' 
blood. As their sweet toaths tum to 
fangs, their· appetites wiD surelr grow. 
Who will be the neXl victim 0 their 
attacks? 

Next time. you Ii ft off the disclaimer 
"Most of what you read in The Koala 
isn't true; it's mosdy fake, we're just 
kidding around. So don't sue anyone: 
don't be surprised if your leg is chewed 
ofT while you are laughing. 

Hey guys, just kidding .... 

IMA+JGRATION 
~ 1.N.5. ~ will " ,.... 

upertelClC .... IWIdIc II _ ••• 1li0ii ......... 
Inc*IdInS 

....... 11 ... 111 ... 

.M ..... II •• n 

.' ...... 'waIIc ..... 

. .,... 
..... d ..... 
.hp."'M 
• "-bar ••• all. 

... pnMd& _1IbIc,... ...... 
CDnaIbIIon. for ___ Ioillllllui. CIII: 

.. alKat 
A-..., .... 

734 ,...,.,. A--, SIn DIleo. CA "'0' 
6N0fIJ 

tfyou ha\Ie 
_ d{arrhea that 

began wtthln the last 48 hrs and 
would like to partlcJfNIIe In an 
Il'1\Iestlgatlonal drug study at the 
V.A. Hospital call Cheryl 
Beaumont or Steve Pandol M.D, 
,453-7500) ext 3284 tor more 
Info. Upon completion of the 
study you will recebIe $25. 

UCSD grads have higher 
salaried career placements in '83 
By YEN TAYLOR 

The average annual salary of the 1983 graduates of 
UCSD was $18,700, a considerable increase from 
$14,800, the average salary of 1982 graduates. 

These figures were derived from the results of a 
career survey conducted by Career Services with 
assistance from the Campus Planning Office. Last June, 
1,099 students were awarded bachelor degrees at 
UCSD. Six months later, these graduates were asked to 
respond to the career survey, and more than 58% of 
them did . This was the second year that UCSD had 
conducted the survey, according to Neil Murray, 
director of career services. In 1982, 56% of the 924 
graduates responded to the survey. 

Beside having a larger overall annual salary, the 1983 
graduates also had a more successful employment rate 
than the 1982 respondents. According to the 1983 
survey results, more than 80% of those who sought 
employment had found full-time positions and [ewer 
than 6% were unemployed These figures compare 
quite favorably with those of the previous year, with 
72% and 11 % respectively. 

The fluctuation of the economy was one of the main 
reasons for the differences in the survey results. The 
1982 career survey was taken when the recession was 
at its most severe pOint. Unemployment rose rapidly 
[rom an average of 7.6% in 1981 to a new post-
Depression high of 10.4% by October of 1982. This 
means that more than 11 million Americans were OUI 
of a job by the end of the year. This was the economic 
situation within which UCSO's 1982 graduates had [0 
cumpete [or jobs. Their unemployment rate of II % 
equalled that of the national figure. 

In contrast, the 1983 graduates plunged into the job 
market durIng a period of economic recovery. The new 
year opened with 2.5% growth rate , compared to the 
1.9% decline in the GNP of 1982. Personal incomes 
also rose at an average rate of 5% per month during 
the first half of the year and increased sharply to 1.7% 
in July. The rate of unemployment declined to 8.8% in 
October, which meant that 2.8 million more Americans 
were employed than had been in December o( 1982. 

"The results of the [1983] survey were quite positive. 
The rate of employment was high and the number of 
people experiencing unemployment was below the 
national average," commented Murray. He also 
attributed the success of the 1983 graduates [0 their 
being more "career-oriented." "They've made more 
extensive use of the career services," said Murray. In 
1982, 72% of the graduates in the work force indicated 
they had made use of the Career Planning and 
Placement Center as compared to 78% in 1983. 

The greatest 'concentration (33%) of 1983 UCSD 
graduates were employed in technical jobs: computer 
engineering, electrical engineering, etc. In contrast, 
only 1 % of the graduates were artists. Sixteen percent 
of the respondents were employed as laborers, a small 
number compared to the nationwide percentage of 25-
30% of college graduatts so employed. The 1983 
graduates were also employed in a wide range of other 
occupations: manager-IO%; health science-8%; sales-
8%; communications-8%; social services-5%; finance-
5%; and educator-4% . 

and laborer-$13,900. 
The 1983 respondents stressed the importance of 

having personal contacts in the job search. Thirty 
percent said that they found their jobs because they 
knew the employer or that they were referred by 
someone. Having career-related and practical 
experience was another element that correlated 
positively to success 10 the job market. Those with 
experience fared better than those who lacked it in 
several measures: full-time employment (81 % compared 
to 69%); career potential of jobs (65% to 50%); jobs 
related to education (70% to 30%); and rate of 
unemployment (5% to 11%). Part-time jobs and course 
work were the most common ways of gaining such 
experience. 

Thirty-four percent of the 1983 graduates continued 
their studies on a full-time basis. Medicine was the 
most common area of study (23%). Other areas of 
study were: sciences-21 %; social sciences-13%; law-
12%; engineering-9%; education-6%; ans/ humanities-
4%; and business/management-3%. Respondents with 
undergraduate science majors comprised a large 
ponion of those who continued their education (44%) 
as compared to the 1 % of arts majors. In 1982, almo~t 
9% of engineering majors went on to graduate school. 
However, in 1983, the number has dropped down to a 
mere 2%. 

When asked to rate the quality of their UCSD 
education, 68% of the graduates thought it excellent, 
26% satisfactory, and only 7% rated it less than 
satisfactory. The graduates were also asked how well 
UCSD had prepared them in several areas. In general , 
the results showed a high degree of approval. 
According to the respondents, the areas In which 
UCSO had most prepared them for were "problem 
solving ability" (89% rated it excellent or good) and 

"coping with pressure" (87%). "From my experiences 
of doing this type of survey, I find. that the ratings of 
these two areas are unusually high as compared to 
other colleges ," commented Murray. However, 
according to Murray, the ratings for the areas of 
"interacting with others" (60%) and "speaking skills· 
(40%) were weaker than those of other colleges. 
"UCSD students are academically intense. I think the 
new University Center will help to improve those 
areas," said Murray. 

"I think UCSD has prepared me quite well for the 
job market. I wish that I'd had classes in a couple of 
other areas in computers. Those would have been 
useful in my job now," said Daren Connor, a 1983 
Computer Science graduate. Connor is currently 
working as a software engineer for Hewlett-Packard. 
Though he would have liked to have taken more 
general education classes, he stated, "In talking with 
other people at work, I don't feel that their general 
education is as good." Connor made the contact with 
his job through a friend who had graduated the year 
before and was employed by Hewlett-Packard. 

When asked to describe their opinions about the 
value of being a UCSD graduate, the 1983 respondents 
were almost equally divided iJl their answers. Fifty 
percent reponed that being a UCSD graduate has 
definitely enhanced their attractiveness to employers or 
graduate/ professional schools, while the other half 
(45.5%) said that graduates of UCSD have no clear 
advantage over graduates from most other colleges or 
univers ities. 

"UCSD is becoming a mature institution. It's 
beglOning to get recognitlon among employers. This 
will increase the opportunities for the graduates ," 
commented Murray. 

... 

~ 
~ 

~ 
~ VI. 
i:: g 
g 
'" 

The salary differences within this range of 
occupatiOns were substantial. Technical professionals 
were at the top of the pay scale, averaging $25,300 per 
year. At the other end of the scale were the social 
service workers with $13,600 per year. The salaries of 
the other occupations were: manager-$17,500; sales-
$16,900; health science-$16,300; finance-$l5,400; 
communications-$15,100; educator and artist-$14.500; L-____________________ ~--------------------------------------------------~~ 

LIMITED TIME OFFERI 
$139*s~' 

complete 
'for myopes only 

BAUSCH • LOMe 
Extended Wear 

Contacts 

Dr. steven Grouman Optometry 
"Eye Glosses & Designer Frames Also AYClllable" 

243 No. Hwy 101 (THE BOARDWALK) Suite I 
481·2277 • SOLANA BEACH 
HOURS: Monday - Saturday 10:00 - 6:00 PM 

PACKAGES 
INCLUDE 

'" Eye Exam 
'" Fitting 
'" Follow-Up Visit s 
'" Care· Kit 
" If we 're nOI .he lowesi. 
lei us know who is! " 

OFFER EXPIRES 6/7/84 

LlAL' 
CDltDl 
CDIJUT 

737 Pearl 
La Jolla 

456-1170 
456-1815 

PRECISION 
HAIRCUTS 

for meD aDd womeD Offer expires 6-12-84. 
------------------T--------~-~-~~~---PRECISION HAIRCUT: PERM $32.541 

women, $13.S. I (long hair extra) 
men, $11 t--------------------

Includes shampoo, cut & blow dry 
(long hair extra) 

CELLOPHANE $15 



MONDAY-FRIDAY 

Academic Servi~es 
TUESDAY-fRIDAY 
8'- .... -4100 pm Test Prep PAL 
Conferences - 00 you feel confident about 
}(lur finals 7 00 you know what to study and 
how to learn for total recall 7 Can you write a 
strong answer to essay questions7 00 }(lu 
know how to score high on illUltiple choice 
and true or false questions 7 00 you budget 
}(lur test time7 If you answered "No" to any 
of these questions, schedule a PAL 
conference and learn how to do your best on 
exams. Sponsored by the OASIS Reading & 
Study Skills Center. In USB 4010. 
8:lO _--':00 pm - OASIS writing Center 
offers free service for all UCSD students who 
need pre-writing help, conferences on drafts, 
and editing advice. We engage any kind of 
writing and any kind of writing problem. 
Conferences are by appointment only. 
Evening appointments are now also available 
in OASIS Third Place at Third College. (RJrthe 
full range of services see back of Fall 
Schedule,. Cilll 452-2284 or come by USB 
4010 to make an appointment This service IS 
available throughout the quarter. 
9:00 _m-4:oo pm - Grammar Moses 
Hotline - A grammar hotline phone-in 
service for help with diction, grammar and 
punctuation problems. To reach Grammar 
Moses, call 452-2284. Sponsored by the 
OASIS Writing Center. Service available 
throughout the quarter. 
I :30.4:00 pm - Drop-In-Hours. RJr quick 
questions pertaining to career planning, job 
hunting, resume critiquelng etc. For more 
Individual attention sign-up or call 452-3750 
for an appointment WIth an advisor. In 
Career Planning HL 1058. 

7:00.10:00 pm - Telephone Counseling 
Services. A confidential peer led counseling 
service, sponsored by Counseling and 
Psychological Services, for students exploring 
gay/lesbian/bisexual concerns. Call 452-
GAYS. 
TlJESDAY 

Noo~I:oo pm - Taking Chances7 -
Find out more about birth control and sexual 
health in an Informal confidential small 
group. Men and women welcome. t..pstairs 
at Student Health. 
4:00 pm -wcal candidates' forum - Meet 
and talk with local Democratic candidates for 
Congress, State Assembly, and County Board 
of SUpervisors, Be informed. In the North 
Conf. Rm. Student Center. 

TUESDAY 
9:00-10:00 .... - The Language Program 
Level I & II - This OASIS program foaJses on 
the thinking skills you need to successfully 
handle the reading and writing tasks 
assigned in your courses. It is designed for 
those who want to perfect their English 
language skills. LP classes' are taught by 
reading and writing specialISts and bilingual 
tutors. LP is presented by the OASIS Reading 
& lM'iting Center. In USB 4010. 
10110-11110 .... - LAW/MBA Advising. 
Law or MBA school group advising hours for 
any questions concerning the application 
process for law sdlool or MBA programs, see 
the Pre-Law/Management advisor on an 
informal basis. No appointments necessary, 
but it is advisable to call first at 452-4939 if 
open hours are being held. In the Student 
Center Bldg. A. 
1I45-JIIO pm - Mock Interview. Seeing 
and hearing yourself on videotape can help 
put the finishing toudles on interviewing 
skills prerequisite. Interviewing Skills 
Workshop. Call career Services Center at 
452-3750 to mi:tke an appointment. In Hl 
1058. 
2:00.3:00 pm - Rnding the Hidden Job 
Market. 80% of all job vacandes are 
unadvertised. This Career Services Workshop 
will teach you a w~ to find out about them. 
In the Revelle Formal lounge. 
2:30-4:00 pm - Drop-in advising in open 
session for Pre-Medical and Pre-Dental 
students. No appointment necessary, but it is 
advisable to call first to confirm that the 
session will be held. Sponsored by Career 
Services Center. In the Health Sciences 
AdviSOry Program Career Planning & 
Placement Cen~er, Student Center Bldg. A 
452-4939. 
3:00.4100 pm -The OASIS GM (Grammar 
& Mechanics, ~rkshop is designed for 
students who \/\.QUid tike to work on 
clarifying basic grammatical concepts and 
categories, and applying them in extensive, 
systematiC series of practical exercises. An 
exerCIse manual to be purchased by the 
student will be used. All work will be 
completed in the context of the workshop. In 
USB 30508. 
WEDNESDAY 

~101oo .... - The OASIS GM 
(Grammar & Mechanics' Workshop is 
designed for students who would like to 
work on clarifying basic grammatical 
concepts and categories, and applying them 
in extensive, systematic series of practical 
exercises. An exercise manual to be 
purchased ~ the student will be used. All 
work will be completed in the context of the 
workshop. In USB 406QA.. 
9:Jo-II:OO _ - Drop-in advising in open 
session for Pre-Medical and Pre-Dental 
students. No appointment necessary, but it is 
advisable to call first to confirm that the 
session will be held. Sponsored by career 
Services Center. In the SWdent Center Bldg. 
A 452-4939. 
11:00 ~ - Interviewing Skills 
Workshop. 00 you need help in preparing for 
job intervie1N5 7 career Services Center will 
provide tips on the best ways to present your 
qualifications and what kind of interview 
questions to expect. In the Revelle RJrmal 
Lounge. 
11:00 ..... 1 ZllO pm - Academic writing 
In Spanish es una flUeva actividad del 
Programa de Leguas de OASIS. La dase esta 
disenada para estudiantes de cursos 
avanzados sub-graduados /"upper-division'" 
que deseen perfeccionar los elementos 
gramaticales, sintacticos, y retcriCDS del 

.:00-5:00 pm - Lesbian/Bisexual 
Women's SUpport Group. If you are lesbian, 
bisexual, or exploring your sexuality come 
and talk with students who share similar 
concerns. In the Women's Resource Center. 
RJr more info contact Chris: 452-2023. 
7:o0-8:lO pm - Free Course: Personal 
Stress Management Training. May 29-June 
14 Tuesdays & Thursdays. Taught by Valerie 
O'Hara MA, PhD Cando Instructor: UCSD. 
Director: La Jolla Institute for Stress 
Management. Call to register: 454-6734. 
WEDNESDAY 

71Oo-81lO pm - Gay;Bisexual Men's 
SUpport Group. If you are gay, bisexual, or 
exploring your sexuality come and talk with 
students who share similar concems. In 
TCHB 141. Contact Kevin for more info: 452-
GAYS. 

~ 1100 pm - Curious about the new 
f sponge7 Find out more by attending an 
informal, confidential small group discussion 
on birth control and sexual health. t..pstairs at 
Student Health. 
Noon - Women's Center Coffee Hour 
lecture & disQJssion - issues for working 
women: Comparable Worth and the 
Ouestion of Equal Pay for Equal Work. Bring 
your lunch & we'll supply the coffee. In the 
Women's Resource Center 
5rOo-61lO pm - Language Tables: Spanish, 
German and French language tables will 
meet in Revelle South Dining Hall. All 
interested language students are welcome to 
join us for informal conversat ion aver dinner. 
(Last meetIng for spnng quarter.' 

THURSDAY 
• 100 pm - LAGD's weekly social. A very 
informal gathering of UCSO's Gay & Lesbian 
community. A great place to meet others in a 
very informal atmosphere. In TCHB 141. 
SUNDAY 
11.0 pm -Attention: Black Graduates: The 
annual Recognition Ceremony for Black 
Graduates will take place SUnday June 3rd in 
the International Center at 1:30 pm. All Black 
Graduating Seniors should submit a 
regIstration form in International Center. 

espanol con el fin de prociIdr trabajos 
academlcos de calidad. " Term-papers" 
asignados QJrsos de espanal seran rambien 
atendidos en este taller. In USB 4070. 
111 ....... 1 100 pm - Warren College Peer 
Mentor - Brown Bag Lunches New Warren 
Transfer Students are invited to disQJSS their 
questions, problems, and succsses with peer 
Mentors who are UCSD continuing students. 
In the Warren College PrOllOst Office. 
ZIOo-J,lO pm - Graduate Advising 
Seminar. Planning on graduate sdlool7 RJr 
information on application procedures, 
letters of recommendation statement or 
purposes and admissions criteria attend one 
of these seminars by signing up at Career 
Services Center, Student Center Bldg. A or 
call 452-4939. 
JIJo-4:1O pm - Worried about financing 
your medical education 7 Find out how the air 
force, army and navy may be able to help. 
Representatives will disQJSS scholarship and 
reserve opportunities. Sponsored by Career 
Services Center. In the North Conf. Rm., 
Student Center. 
4:00-5:lO pm - Academic writing In 
Spanish es una nueva actividad del Programa 
de Leguas de OASIS. La dase esta disenada 
para estudiantes de curses avanzados sub-
graduados ("upper-division'" que deseen 
perfeccionar los elementos gramacicales, 
sintacticos, y retoricos del espanal con eI lin 
de producir trabajos ~micos de calldad. 

"Ter~apers" asignados QJrsos de espanal 
seran tambien atendidos en este taller. In 
USB 40508. 
THURSDAY 
.... - Interested in the health professions 7 
20 minutes private appointments for career 
planning advice for students interested in 
health careers. Call in advance for 
appointment but no earlier than one week, 

Thursd~ and Friday. Health Sciences 
Advisory Program 452-4939. Sponsored ~ 
Career Services Center. In the Student Center 
Bldg. A 
PRlDAY 
- Annex Gallery Closing: Music, dance, 
performance art. conceptual art. poetry 
reading. In the Annex Gallery Mand. Free. 
9100-10100 .... - The Language Program 
Level I & II - This OASIS program focuses on 
ttle thinking skills you need to successfully 
handle the reading and writing tasks 
assigned in your courses. It is designed for 
those who want to perfect their English 
language Skills. LP clas~ are taught by 
reading and writing sp!!cialists and bilingual 
tutors. LP is presented by the OASIS ~ading 

. & writing Center. In USB 406QA.. 

Entertainment 
THURSDAY 

Meetings 
~Y 
7100 ..... - Laser Institute of America ILIA' 
last meeti1g of the year. ~t the officers for 
next yeN, ~ newest optics professor, Dr. 
Guest will be speaking on his research. 
RefreshmenCs will be served in '-PM 4301. 
wmJN lIMY 
4100 .... - Student Pugwash at UCSO -
an educational organization that examines 
the ethical responsibility of sdentJsts and the 
effect of science and teclY1olog( on society. 
In HL 1160. 
SlOG .... - Last meeting of the Pre-Dental 
dJb. Come dlsaJss upcoming field trip, 
summer IIOlJnteer work, and the PMTY 
plans. In the Revelle Informal!Dunge. 
THUllSDAY 
10100 _ n a an - KSDT orientation tlr 
people interested in III/Orltlng & being a OJ 
Oller the summer. 
IlOO .... - Student atriUates of the 
American 0lerYicaI Sodety final meeting of 
the quartrrl Elections t>r next year and !leach 
party detaHsl Please submit your nomJnations 
for elections with Den!st!1 In UH ' _ 

10100 __ 5100 .... - The WOmen's 
Resource Center is proud to In\Iite )'OU to a 
celebration of INOOlen artists Thursday a'ld 

Fr~. On the north lawn of Re\<efle Plaza. 
Featuring painting, ~, music. 
performance Nt. 

Recre~on 
ntUIISDAY 
10100...... . ..... - Display of Women's 
/\It work on ~Ie Plaza & we also need 
artists to display. 

SA~Y 7100.- -German Aim: "/ch ka'1n audl'ne 
Ar~ biIuen" 11973, directed ~ Hark aonm. 
1\ chikten's film set in Hamburg's harbor 
district in German. IIeagIe Halll\pl Free. 
aGO ... - ~ lJA:)men's Resource Center 
& the Ole cafe are proud to inIIite)lOU to an 
ellening or poetry reading featuring a diverse 
group of wornert IV. the Ole Cafe. 

- The UCSD Tennis Club welcomes all 
tennis pI¥"5 on campus to enter an all-
calJ1)us tennis ~ tournament Divisions 
are Men's and \lVomen's open, B-C, Novice. 
Enter ~ Trursday at ca"llUS Rec. 
10100 .... -campus Rec. will run its annual 
disc triathlon consisting of frisbee for 
distance, accuriK¥ and IB-holes of golt. Stop 
by Campus Recreation to sign up. On Third 
Reid. 

Religious Functions 
11IUDAY~Y 
Il00 .... -ca.tloIic Mass. Sponsored by the 
catholic Conmunity at ucSO. In the 
1.kW!rsi1;y Luther.., Ouch. 
1111SD&Y 
7 .......... - Does God care it you are 
an actor or a lab. teen.1 find the ~ to 
!his question at the Aslanl\merlcan ChristJan 
FeIlowstWp. John will help us understand 
Gods win in our 1IYes. Don't miss Itl In the 
NJrth cant. Ilm. 
MDNDlMY 
....... -l.uttler.., SIucIer1Is host supper 
and Bible stI4'. Evet)<cne Is weIcDme. In the 
Lounge of the I..A'1M!rsIty Lutheran Church. 
....... - CIear)lOU/' mind of umecessary 
tension. Join the cathOlic CommunIty br 45 
minutes of quiet rnedtatIon. OndIel/g1t 
mass to follow at regular ~ 110 pm,. In the 
Lounge of the l.IniIIerSily Luther.., Church. 
10lI0 ..... -~ Mass. Sponsored 
~ the Catholic Cornrru'Ay at UCSO. In the 
~ ot the l.k1iYerSity I..utheran Church. 
1HUIISDAY 
......... - Thursday Nigh[ Dinner. Erjoy 
good food and good co~. Sponsored by 
the catholic Community at UCSD. In the 

--

-

2:00 pm - Third ColI~ Clam Bake. La 
..Dlla Shores sand, sun and great food. Only 
200 tickeu @3rd Colfege Dean & Res. Dean. 

Lounge of the Uliversity Luther.., Churdl. 
$2 

SA~Y 
SlOG ..... -Catholic Mass. Sponsored ~ the 
Catholic Community at UCSO. In the 
University Lutheran Church. 
No Dn 4100 pm - Isn't It time to wash the 
winter grime off your C2/T1 ~ us renew the 
stine ~ know)lOUr C2/T once had. $1.50 br 
cars and S2 tlr trucks a'ldvans. Sponsored by 
the Catholc Student Coordinators. In the 
parking lot of LIniversIty I..uthera'l Church. 
SUNDAY 
IlOO • 10100 ... - Episcopal Church 
WOrship Servia!: SundiPJ Eucharist a'ld Parish 
fellowship. Good samaritan Episcopal 
Church 4321 Eastgate MiIIII\cross ~ 
from east end ot campus. north of La Jolla 
V111age Dr. Intersection of Eastgate Mall and 
Genesee. 
11M _ -Catholic Mass. Sponsored ~ the 
Catholic Community at UCSD. In the 
liWersi1y Lutheran Church. 
I ..... - catholc Mass. Sponsored by 
the Catholic Cormluni1;y at UCSO. In the 
Student Center Bldg. Blower IeIIeI Cont. Rm. 
11100 ... 7100 ..... - Lutheran ~rship 
(music trestlvaI in the mon * 19 ser.rlce" open 
.to all. In the Chapel of LhI\IersII¥ Lutheran 
Church. 
Il00 .... -Catholic Mass. Sponsored by the 
CahoIic ComrrunIly at UCSO. In the 
liWersi1y Luther.., Church. 
al. pill - Folk Mass. Good Samaritan 
EpIscopal Church 4321 Eastgate MaII.I\cross 
Genesee from east end 01 campus north of La 
..oRa Village Dr. at Eastgate and Genesee . 

Services/Worksnops 
'NUDAY-PlllDAY 
............... - PAL Conferences-
Don't spend more time stuc¥ng than 
necessaryl Sc:hedJ1e a one-to-one PI\L 
/personal assistance for learning, conference 
to streamline )'OUr s~. The conferences 
will deallNith)lOUr course materials concrms 
Induding reading comprehension. memory 
control, lecture notetaklng, and test 
preparation, as wefl as how to manage your 
time, handle stress, concentrate better, and 
O\Iercome procrastination. Sponsored by the 
OASIS Reading & ~ Skills Center'. In USB 
4010. 
tIOO .. naon • 1100-1100 ..... - It is 
almost your last d'lance this quarter to llisit 
the ~ Shoppe's Self Care Centrrs at 
Student Healthl Drop by this weeIc and talk 
with a Student Health AdIIocate about your 
blood pressure, skin care hints, or cold care 
help. Student Health, first floor near Walk-in. 
11IUDAY 
Noo&I=- pm -I\ssertiveness Training 
Workshop - Offered to all UCSD students 
by Chris Osterloh of Psychological Services. 
meets in the Revelle Informal Lounge. 
2100-.100 pm - RED II: RecoverIng from 
Eating Disorders invites students and staff to 
attend our new disOJSSion sessions on 
Mondays betweend 2 and 3 pm. t-pstairs at 
the health center. We will be touching on 
issues surrounding Anorexia, Bu/emia and 
other eating problems. The meetings will be 
facilitated ~ peer counselors who heM! 
recolle'ed from eating problems. Our topics 
for today is: The Influence ot Eating Problems 
on Exercise and Nutrition. 
WBJNUDAY 
IIOo-ZIOO pm - ~men and Career 
Development - This group will look at the 
personal and career deIIeIopmental issues in 
the lives of women students. TopiCS include: 
building confidence entering a male-
dominated profession, developing assertive 
skills, juggling multiple roles, finding career 
mentors and role models, and more. Bring 
your ideas as well as your concerns to this 
supportive and informative group. You are 
not alone. Meets at HL 1003. Students should 
contact leader, lDri Kelt at 452-3755 tlr info 
and to sign up. 
ZIOO-4IOO pm - Finals Prep - Bring ~r 
course materials and get organized for llnalsl 
You'lI learn how to apply the successful 
SCORE system, predict test questions, a'ld 
review for total preparation in i!I'f course. 
Sponsored ~ the OASIS ~ading & Study 
Skills Center. In Bldg. B, Student Center Conf. 
Rm. 
tHURSDAY 
1100-2100 pm - Dealing INith Stress 
~rkshop - This one-hour workshop will 
foaJs on reducing stress for students with 
busy lives. Monitoring signs of stress and an 
easy-to-use relaxation exerdse will be 
tatJg,t Meets at the North Conf. Rm. 
Student Center. Offered to all UCSD students 
~ !Dri Kolt of Psychological SeMces. 
.... DAy 
.... 10100 ... - RED I - Peer Group -
This group is for students with BuHma, 
Anorexia or obsessive concerns about eating. 
Throug, specific homework ~ 
and extensive support students 'NiH be able 
to meet a series of goals leading to cessation 
of eating problems. Led ~ Peer C~ 
Arne Scott and Christie f'bllero, and 8ev 
Harju, PhD, Psychological Services. call 8ev 
at 452-3987 to sign up. Meets at \XIam!n 
College ProYost otIice - Conf. Rm. 
ZIOOoJaJO pm - I\Icohol and SUbstance 
I\buse Group - For those who ask 
therrIseIYes, "00 I heM! a problem with 
alcohol or drugsT Regardless of age, 
bitd<ground. sex or eJCpeI'ience, it you ask 
)OUrself the ~ question, ched< out the 
group. ~ ~ Dan Munoz, f'5ydlologIcaI 
Services. Call 452-3456. Meets weeIcIy. 
JIOO.4caO pm - CCIIJ1)US Black Forum -
This is an informal discussion group CI!rltered 
on issues, concerns and the quality of life of 
the Black community at UCSO. It is an open, 
ongoing group, and students canjoin at any 
time. Meeu in the Mt. VIew Lounge 01 the 
Third College Apartments. Led by Rod1ef~ 
Bastien, Bob Irvin, Temille fOrter and PhIl 
Raphael. Students who would Nk~ more 
information can call Phil at 452-3035, or 
Rochelle at 452-3755. Offered by 
PSychological Services. 



Guardian Elections Guardian Elections 
r -a 

The following positions will be ~n to all UCSD students. IVTy qualitlt!d 
persons are encouraged to apply. 

IN ADDI110N TO OTHER DUnES, THESE POsmONS ENTAIL. 
EDITOR-IN-CHI.. Responsible for the averall opera-

tion. content and forme,O"" N ICSD 
Guardian r--SITI '84-!~iPO ED ~ ~' CLOS - ~~cts ~ 
meet . _,..,c~ts the newspaper on 
campus and in the community. 

MANAGING EDITOR. Responsible for the efficient pro-
duction ot the newspaper. Establishes and 
enforces all deadlines. Supervises I<¥lUts to 
ensure they conform to standards ot format. 
Establishes and maintains internship and 
group study programs. Assumes the duties ot 
the Editor-in-Chief in hisjher absence. 

COPY EDITOR. Responsible for editing for grammar. 
punctuation, content. and style all articles 
submitted for publication. Also responsible for 
insuring no libelous and/or tasteless material 
reaches publication. 

NEWS EDITOR. Determines areas of coverage and in-
sures adequate coverage of rleWS\Wrttly 

~ at UCSO. Must ~Iop a full writing 
staff and maintain a tile ot pubMshed stories. 

OPINION EDITOR. Responsible for the page dewted to 
the free expression ot ideas. Must be able to 
accommodate all politicai!religious/moral 
persuasions. Must maintain a tile ot published 
stories. 

SPORTS EDITOR. Responsible for covering sPorts on 
campus and when appropriate. the 
community. Must develop own writing staff 
and maintain a tile at pUblisht!d stories. 

ARTS EDITOR. Responsible for covering the arts on 
campus and when appropriate. the 
community. Must develop own writing staff 
and maintain a tile ot publisht!d stories. 

FEATURES EDITOR: Responsible for articles at human/ 
general interest that are not appropriate for 
news, sports, opinion or arts section. Must 
develop own writing staff and maintain a file 
of published stories. 

PHOTO EDITOR. Responsible for developing a compe-
tent staff of photographers and organizing an 
efficient system for assigning and processing ot 
photographs. Must maintain an organized tile 
of published photographs. 

OTHER: Applicants are welcome to create their own pos-
itions provided that they would be 
appropriate to the needs ot the '84-'85 staff as 
deemed by the new Editor-in-Chiet. 

ALL APPLICANTS MUST BE RESPONSIBLE. ORGANIZED. 
MATURE AND REUABLE. ALL EDITORIAL POSIT10NS ARE 

PAID. 

All applicants should submit THEIR OWN TYPED applications which 
should include a cOoler letter describing ~urselt, your related experience, 
the amount of time you are willing to commit to The Guardian, and an idea 
of wtlat you would like to accomplish or see the newspaper accomplish 
while you are a staff member. Also include a resume and any references you 
may have. 

DO NOT CAU THE GUARDIAN OFFICE FOR ADDmONAL 
INFORMAnON. 

APPUCA TIONS FOR EDITOR-IN-CHI~f.i ?E DUE BYNOON MONDA y, 
MAY 21. NO LATE APPUC,AT'S,-nO 7 ACCEPTED. Applicants for 
Editor-in Chief must sign po SaO he week of May 21 through 
May 25 when they drop C\,.O,..~"cation. 

APPUCA TIONS FOR ALL OTHER EDITORIAL POSITIONS ARE DUE 
NOON TUESDAY, MAY 29. NO LATE APPlICA nONS WIll. BE ACCEPTED. 
Applicants for editorial positions must be available for interviews the week 
at May 29 through June I. 

Editor-in-Chief elections will take place all day Wednesday, May 30. Any 
persons interested in being electors must submit a letter at intent by noon, 
Thursday, May 17. A list of approved electors will be posted Monday. May 
21. 

Staff appr(Nal ot the '84-'85 staff will take place at the ExecutiVe Board 
meeting Friday, June I. 

PLEASE DEUWR AU. APPLICAnoNS AND a..TTERS OF 
INTENT IN PERSON TO tHE GUARDIAN BUSINESS OmCE. 

Stringer gets 
¥.ed Center position 

The University of California Board of 
Regents today approved the 
appointment of Michael R. Stringer as 
director of hospitals and clinics at the 
UCSD Medical Center and associate 
vice chancellor for health sciences at 
UCSD. 

Stringer has been the interim director 
of the 437-bed UCSD Medical Center 
since January, and has been on the 
administrative staff of the Hillcrest 
facility since 1969. 

UCSD Chancellor Richard C. 
Atkinson nominated Stringer, noting 
that Stringer has had a long history of 
effective management at the UCSD 
Medical Center. "He has done an 
outstanding job as interim director, and 
1 anticipate that the Medical Center will 
prosper under his leadership," he said. 

Stringer was recommended for 
nomination by a search committee of 
faculty, administrators and staff under 
the chairmanship of Roben G. 
Petersdorf, MD. vice chancellor for 
health sciences at UCSD. 

Vice Chancellor Petersdorf said of the 
appOintment, "Mr. Str~nger will provide 
the firm, steady leadership of an 
administrator who is immensely well 
qualified as well as totally devoted to the 
Medical Center. We expect his tenure as 
hospital director to be long and 
distinguished. Not only is UCSD his 
profeSSional home, but San Diego is as 
well, and his ties to the community are 
strong indeed." 

As interim director, Stringer led the 
team that achieved a Levil I Trauma 
designation for the UCSD Medical 
Center. the only facility in San Diego 
County to achieve this distinction. 
During the same period , the Medical 
Center alSo experienced a record 
census. 

Stringer served as associate director 
for the previous eight years and was 
instrumental in developing several key 

clinical services such as the hospital's 
emergency transpon system including: 
Life Aight, emergency medical services, 
the Outpatient Center, and a primary 
care/family medicine center. He had 
direct administrative and budgetary 
responsibility for nearly 800 employees 
and an operating budget of over S40 
million. 

From 1972 to 1976, Stringer served as 
assistant director with responsibility for 
expanding and developing new 
specialty clinics, emergency services and 
outpatient programs. Previous to that, he 
was assistant to the director of finance 
and an administrative analyst at the 
Medical Center. 

A native of San Diego, Stringer 
received his undergraduate degree in 
1968 and his master's degree in public 
administration in 1973 at San Diego 
State University. His current academic 
appointments include clinical instructor 
at the UCSD School of Medicine and 
instructor at National University. 

He has been an active member of 
local and statewide heahh planning 
groups, including the Hospital Council 
of San Diego and Imperial Counties, the 
Health Systems Agency, the San Diego 
County Immigration Council and the 
San Diego Committee for Affordable 
Heahh Care. . 

Stringer said of his appointment, "I 
am proud to have been with this 
institution throughout ilS remarkable 
transition from a county hospital to a 
first-rate academic heahh center. It has 
achieved national recognition in a 
relatively shon period of time. 

"Compared to longer-established 
institutions, we are still in our infancy. I 
look forward to helping guide the 
Medical Center during ilS continued 
growth and development." 

Stringer resides with his wife and twO 
children in Alpine. 

Unpaid student loan 
problents to be solved' 
By JACKIE AFFONSO 
Sacramento COmspondenl 

The reasons behind postsecondary 
student loan defaullS, now almost 
S100,OOO,OOO in California, and ways to 
ensure collection of these deblS may 
soon be discovered. 

Under Senate Resolution 34. the 
California Postsecondary Education 
Commission would be required to 
conduct a study of the long-term impact 
of student loans upon the individual 
student and his/ her family. upon access 
to a postsecondary education for 
minority, women, and low and middle 
income students, upon a student's 
career and education choices and upon 
a student's ability to successfully pursue 
a postsecondary education. 

The resolution, authored by Senator 
Leroy Greene (D-Sacramt.'nto) passed 
the Senate Education Committee 
unanimously Wednesday. It will next be 
heard on the Senate floor. 

Greene hopes the study reveals all 
problems concerning the distribution 
and eligibility policies of the California 
guaranteed student loans, consultant to 
Greene, Gail Evans said . 

"Are we getting students overly in 
debt without considering what their 
chances are in paying off the loans?" 
she questioned. 

The UC Student Lobby, which 
worked with Greene on the resolU(ion 

believes thi$ is the case . Students who 
accept loans are unaware that they will 
be paying a double amount for their 
education due to attached interest rates, 
lobby director Ron Balestrieri said. 

Balestrieri attributed pan of the 
problem to poor counseling in financial 
aid offices. This factor will also be 
addressed in the study. 

While the California Student Aid 
Commission, responsible for distributing 
loan money to the public higher 

. education institutions, "welcomes" the 
study, it does not see the current 12% 
default rate as a problem. 

·We're not alarmed and frightened . 
The default rate will stabilize," 
information officer for the commission, 
Lois McNally said. 

The increase in loans and subsequent 
defaullS, is due to the increase in 
student fees not matched with an 
increase in grant money, she said . 

Lower income studenlS should not be 
receiving loans, she said . "They're not a 
good loan risk: 

However, McNally said, one of the 
biggest problem which could.damage 
the loan program is the public's belief 
that 80% of the students are not 
repaying their loans. ThIS false 
inronnation has been pon.rayed in the 
media, she added. 

- .'. 

Riding beyond one's limits 
By CHRISTOPHER CANOLE 

Striding amongst throngs of 
'Trekkies" exiting the preview of In 
Search of Spoch , I could feel the 
adrenaline rush of the last twO hours 
surge through my body. I ceremoniously 
approached the costumed Vulcans who 
gathered around to see the pilot of the 
futuristic motorcycle with the '1edi" 
personalized license plate. With Star 
Warrior-like aloofness, I swung my black 
boots (given to me by the producer of 
Supennan) over the seat and settled into 
my eanhbound starship. Unzipping the 
breast pocket of my Laser Leather 
motorcycle jacket, I pulled OU( my 
starwalker cassette headphones, 
insening them into my ears before 
lowering the Simpson Danh Vader-like 
helmet over my head - hmm ... tight fit 
tonight. Turning to see if the San Ditgo 
Union was there to repon my 
performance as they did at the premiere 
of The Empire Strikes Back, I reached 
forward and ignited the roar of the 
'1edai'"s IOS-hp Honda V-4 engine. The 
blast stanled the crowd. My left hand 
reached to my pocket to tum up the 
volume of the Star Wars soundtrack; ( 

wanted the crowd to hear to whom 1 
gave my allegiance. Shifting into first 
gear, ( popped a wheelie long enough to 
leave the Klingons wondering if I might 
actually leap mto hyperspace. 

At the freeway ramp, ( punched the 
Jedai into second gear and watched the 
tach rev to 11,000 rpm - 65 mph ... 
clutch at 8 .500 rpm, shift into third , 
back up to 11,000 - 95 mph .... The 
cutoff of the lowbeam lights gave the 
impression of a large luminous wing 
Dying before me. 1 now had to hold 
tight to the grips as the acceleration and 
wind buffeting pushed me back against 
the tail section. I leaned onto the gas 
tank and tucked behind the windscreen 
preparing for the surge, pop, founh 
gear ... hyperspace. The reflective road 
bumpers began to blur as the tach 
swung again to 11,000 - 125 mph. 
Eyes fixed fotward a half-mile ahead, I 
knew I could open the Jedai up to full 
bore on this section of Highway 52 
because there were no on-ramps or 
shoulders with police cars waiting for 
this land speeder. Time to fly , clutch, 
8,500 rpm. shift into fifth, now to test 

the limits of myself and the Jedai. The 
speed created an envelope of silence as 
the pressure and sound of the wind 
now fl owed over me, 9 ,500 rpm - 135 
mph ... 10.000 - 140 mph ... 10,500 -
145 mph ... 11,000 - 150 mph ... time 
and motion now stopped; all 1 could feel 
was a slight vibration. Better back ofT... 
FLASHING UGHTS! Damn! I never even 
saw the squad car, where could it have 
been hiding? 

Tuming around to see how fast the 
police car was approa-:hing, all I could 
make out were the flashing lights. What 
the ? .. No way! Before I could adjust my 
eyes on what I thought I was seeing, the 
front wheel of the motorcycle hit 
something ... I was still moving at full 
throttle - 150 mph! I reached for 
control as the from wheel lost traction ... 
please just let me survive this one. 
Suddenly. there I was fully stopped and 
upright.. .. All right! Check me out! 
Master MOIO, hot rider! But how did 1 
stOP so quickly? 

I put down the kickstand and 
stepped off the motorcycle to let my 
hean reenter my chest. Damn .. . that was 

May 29, 1984 11 

like seeing all three Star Wars in one 
showing. I leaned back (0 pull off my 
helmet - where's the sky? Instead of 
the stars overhead, all I could see was 
glimmering steel. Did 1 slide under one 
of those new buildings? What happened 
to the police car? 

FlASHING LIGHTS! 
"OK, let's see your license." I heard 

the commarid but couldn't see anyone 
beyond the glaring lights [hat had just 
turned on again. 

·What's the problem officer?" Maybe 
if I'm polite they'll only lock me up for 
ten years. 1 pulled OUt my wallet and 
held out the license. 

A metallic gloved hand issued from 
the light, took my license and turned it 
to face the overhead structure. A red 
laser light scanned the license. 

"The name checks out. He's the one." 
The scanner laser light turned off, and 
with it the beams from overhead faded 
out. As my eyes readjusted to the semi-
darkness, my mind lit up. What I 
thought 1 had seen, just before losing 
control of the motorcycle, now 

pltasc (urn (0 p.l8C 20 



Summer Soaring Season 

The best soaring of the year is just starting! Booming 
thermals, cross-country flights, good times and uncrowded 
sailplanes are what await you at the UCSD Soaring Club 
this summer. Start flying now and you can be solo before 
school starts again. The UCSD Soaring Club specializes in 
FAA certified instruction. If you want to give it a try and 
find out what it is like, we offer introductory flights and a 
chance to try the controls for $18. Absolutely no experience 
necessary for instruction - we welcome beginners! 

r-----------------------------------, 
I I 

1 Slash Sale ! 
I I 

: This week only! I 
I I 
I I 
I I i Get a free 12" single with any : 
I purchase of $25 or more : 
: With coupon only I 
I , 
I I 
I I 

: Assorted Vin"Z : 
I 'J I 
I Your on campus record store : 
I I 
I I ~------------------------------------

LAGO Poduck 
Wednesday, May 30 at 8 pm 

at the Che Cafe. 
Bring something to eat or drink and meet some of 

the people rAGO to find out what's in store for us 
next year. 

Celebration of Women Artists 
The UCSD Women's Resource Center and the Visual 

Arts Department are proud to announce the "Celebration of 
Women Anists" featuring a diverse group of: artists, 
painters, photographers and performers. Thursday and 
Friday, May 31 and June 1. 10 am to 5 pm on the North 
Lawn of Revelle Plaza. For more information call x2023 . 

Friday,June I is the IAST DAY 
to purchase Spring 1984 AS 
Lecture Notes! 

Bio 1 
Bio 3 
Bio 101 
Chern 6B 
Chern 6C 
Chern 6C 
Chern 140B 
Comm/SF 100 
Physics 2C 
Poli Sci 12 

Pinon 
Wo~druff 
Fri kin 
Wu ey 
Ma i 
Oe erreicher 
Kyte 
Hallin 
Stem 
Cowh~ 

Unmask Art! 

$900 
$900 
$1000 
$900 
$900 
$900 
$1000 
$1000 
$900 
$900 

UCSD Undergraduate 
Arts Festival 

May 24-June 11, 1984 

MEChA Graduation Committee Meeting 
Chicano/Mexicano/ and Latino students who are 

graduating between winter 1984 and winter 1985 are 
welcome to participate in a Spanish graduation ceremony. 
The graduation committee is planning this ceremony to 
proceed the college graduations onJune 17, 1984. Seniors 
interested in participating in the planning of and/ or in the 
ceremony may contact the MEChA office at 452-4994 care 
of Virginia Murillo. 

The AS is looking for a few 
great people for the following 
positions ... 
Lobby Annex Director 
AS Representatives to Student Center Board 
Two Representatives to Activity Fee Board 
(Immediately) 
AppOintments &: Evaluations Commission 
Commuter Life Board 
External Affairs Commission 
Programming Commission: TG program~er,. 
Lecture series, Afternoon concerts, OrganIzational 
Science Research Park Advisory Committee 

For rytore inJonnation come to the AS Offices 
or call 452-4450. 

Attention Media 
Media Board b~dget hearings will be held 

Saturday, June 2 and Sunday, June 3 at 11 :00 in 
the multi-purpose room, second floor, student 
center. 

Che Cafe Happenings 
Wednesday, May 30 - All You Can Eat Gado-Gado 
- hot peanut sauce. Yum! 5-7 pm. $3.00. Then stay 
for the "Continuing Educational Series" w / guest 
lecturer. Professor Mills speaking on nutrition. 7: 15 
pm. FREE! Stay tuned for a big coop bash/fund 
raiser for the Che Cafe. An end-of-the-year 
celebration! Details soon. Remember - you can earn 
food credit by working security for events or 
advertising! Call now! 452-2311. 

Laser Institute of America 
The final meeting of the year of the Laser Institute of 

America will be held Tuesday, May 29,1984 at 7 pm. APM 
4301. Final meeting of the year. Meet the officers for next 
year and the newest optics professor Dr. Clark Guest. Dr. 
Guest will be speaking on his research at UCSD. 
Refreshments will be served. 

Free Secrets of Success!!! 
Bill Lukeman, M.D., author of Licking Life: The Secrets oj 

Realizing Your Dreams, will speak on practices and anitudes 
leading to success in the modem world. Wednesday, May 
30, 7 pm in USB 2622. (Behind 2722). Free. Sponsored by 
AS Programming. 

Get your car cleaned this weekend 
Put the gleam back in your machines. Car Wash 

Saturday, June 2 from 12-4 pm in the parking lot of the 
University Lutheran Church (across from Revelle). $1.50 
for cars. $2.00 for trucks and vans. Sponsored by the 
Catholic Student Coordinators. 

Get involved in the issues at UCSD 
Are you interested in such issues as: nuclear weapons, 

arms control and society, biomedical ethics, what 
responsibilities do scientists have to society, the effect of 
computers in the workplace? 

Would you like to be in an organization which: 
promotes open, non-judgemental dialogue, fosters 
discussion and informal interaction between students, 
faculty and professionals, encourages examination of one's 
own responsibility to society? 

Join Student Pugwash at UCSD 
Organizational meeting for undergraduates and 

graduate students is Wednesday, May 30 at 4:00 pm in HL 
1160. For information call Aspen Aman 273-0122. 

Are you .ready for the June 5 primary? 
Meet and talk with local Democratic candidates for 

Congress, State Assembly, and San Diego County Board?f 
Supervisors at a local candidates' forum. May 29, at4:00, In 
the North Conference Room in the North Conference 
the North Conference Room in the Student Center. 
Sponsored by the Democratic Club of UCSD and the 
Women's Resource Center. 

People have a right to Low-cost housing! 
Learn about the I-Hotel struggle. Film and discussion 

Wednesday, May 30,1984.7 pm in HL 1402. Sponsored by 
the Asian Pacific Student Alliance. FREE!!! 



14 May 29, 1984 
PERSPECTIVES 

~"": :':. 0;- • ~~ *. ~~x~~ . y.~' ••••• '.. ...... ' ~ . '~ •• .:.::. .' r. • No • 

Beware the four-walled nightmare 
By PHIL lAUDER 

Course code: 2068. Course 
description: US History. Professor: Staff 
(most versatile prof on campus). Units: 
four. Course type: LEe. Days: MWF. 
Hours: 10-10:50. Ah, here we go ... 
ClASSROOM: HSS 2250. Oh God -
forget it. 

We all have our own set of priorities 
when scheduling classes. Some of us 
make graduation top priOrity (seem 
ridiculous to me, but whatever). Others 
see professor reputation or time of c1as 
as Important. Too often many of us 
forget perhaps the most :mportant 
consideration of all: the room in which 
the course will be taught. What you 
don't remember can hurt you. 

One reason that the classroom is an 
important consideration when choosing 
a class is simply location . It is suicide to 
schedule back-to-back classes on 
opposite ends of campus; you simply 
will not survive ten weeks of traverSing 
the Main Drag on a daily basis. But 
beyond this consideration is the 
environment with in the classroom itself. 
A depressing, uncomfonable , stifling 
room can make your ten-week 
experience an utter nightmare. And you 
wouldn't want that now. would you? 

Many of UCSD's lecture halls are quite 
decent. The Third Lecrure Halls 10 
panicular are likely the most comfonable 
on campus, featuring nice, cushioned 
yellow seats set withm a well-lighted , 
modem lecture hall . 

And then there's the other extreme. 
Before this quaner, I had always 

thought that HSS 2250 was the worst 
lecture hall at thIS school. I mean , this 
place IS dIsmal. The first th10g you 
notice as you walk in IS that the room IS 
horrendously lit. After your eyes adjust 
to the dark, you then notice that the 
place IS spit-ugly, with dark brown seats, 
a black, beaten-up platform at the front 
of the class and a generally gloomy 
atmosphere all over. Next you deCide to 
sit down, whereupon you realize that 
whoever designed these sea~ probably 
graduated from college with a 
differently-defined BS degree. Each seat 
is supponed by a lone piece of springy 
metal that comes up from the bottom. 
Poor. As you look upon the several 
broken seats 10 the room, you hope 
nobody was seriously injured on the 
way down . And you sure as hell hope 

HAIRCUTS $995 
Includes: 

• Shampoo 
• Conditioner 

only 

you're not the next victim. 
If a seat is going to be badly deSigned 

trucrurally, then It should at least be 
either comfonable or pleasant to the 
eye. trikes twO and three. The only 
good quality about this stupid hall is 
that, since the room IS deep and one 
row IS well below the level of the one 
behind it, it IS easy to see the front 
chalkboards from anyplace in the room 
(if your eyeSIght IS 20-15 or bener). And 

that's the best thing I can say about this 
place. 

So, until this quaner, HSS 2250 (also 
known as the '10hn Muir Theater") had 
my vote for worst lecture haU on 
campus. 

I hereby switch my allegiance. 
The really worst classroom on campus 

is located below Humanities Library, HL 
1205, to be exact. This room is a 
chiropractor's nightmare. At one time or 

PERMS $2495 
Includes: 

• Shampoo 

Also Featuring: 

• Conditioner 
only 

Curls, Relaxers and Waves 
Using TCB Products With Specialists Willie or Ike 

OPEN 7 DAYS 
APPOINTMENT NOT NECESSARY 

UNIVERSITY TOWNE CENTRE - 455-0420 

I another, this room, built sometime in 
the 1700s, probably housed laboratory 
rats. Certainly it was never intended for 
classroom instruction. At least I hope 
not. The chalkboards must have been 
just a nasty aftenhough t, the cruel 
practical joke of some reti ring 
administrator. 

Once again, my first beef is with the 
seats. Exactly tWO of the 50-60 chairs in 
the room do not speak loudly enough to 

echo. A professor needs voice lessons to 
project his voic.e above the cacophony 
of these beasts. And when you're stuck 
in a squeaky chair, you suddenly 
become more-than-conscious of eve!), 
movement you make, to the point where 
you're afraid to move a muscle. All that 
this se rves to do is to make an already 
uncomfortable seat yet more 
uncomfonable. On the back suppons of 
these grey, lifeless blobs, the two metal 

rods that keep the thing together have 
poked through the chipping plastiC, 
stabbing you in the shoulders and 
snagging your shin, should you be 
careless enough to lean back - which 
you wouldn't do in the first place, since 
that would awaken the roaring lion that 
is the spri ngs below. 

Also, the whole room is completely 
flat, so if you're more than tWO rows 
back, you have no hope of seei ng the 
lower parts of the blackboard. So you 
move your head to the right to see 
around the enormous skull of the dude 
in the first row, but the guy in the row 
JUSt in front of you does the same, so 
yo u move your head to the left - and 
there's the head of the person in the 
second row. Meanwhile , your chair and 
those of the 40 people who sit behind 
the second row are screaming bloody 
murder, and all in aU you'd rather 'be 
sailing. 

Actually, HL 1205 has a long history 
of tormenting people - people just like 
you and me. Sometime last year, the 
Science Fiction Film and Literarure Club 
elected to show the movie Alien within 
the friendly confines of this 
unupholstered cesspool. With the lights 
off and the doors closed and the lack of 
ventilation becoming more and more 
conspicuous, some film viewers 
suddenly realized that this room was 
slowly eating away at the boundaries 
between fiction and reality . Many of 
them heard their mommy calling, and 
decided they were too young to die -
especially In a coffin buried somewhere 
below HL.. .. 

Even if you're not watching a horror 
flick, this room can produce many a night-
mare. The chairs squeak, the back sup-
pons catch and snag your shins , almost no 
one can see the blackboard , there 's 
absolutely no ventilation in the room -
life is generally unbearable in HL 1205, 
the worst classroom on campus. Be sure 
to miss it if you can. 

So the next time you sign up for a 
class, make sure that it tsn't located in 
HSS 2250 or, worse , HL 1205. Give 
yourself a break. So what if the only 
section of the only class you need to 
graduate is in one of these rooms. 
What's more imponant: graduating on 
time or preserving your mental and 
physical health? 

Roundtrip 
From 

$327 
$409 
$330 
$479 
$389 
$409 

MADRID 
PARIS 

ZIacH 

$583 
$778 
$549 
$699 
$758 
$778 

Eurail Passes Issued on the Spot! 

Call COUNOL TRAVEL (CIEE) 
4429 JS~ 5t 
~an DIego, CA 92109 452-0630 UC~D Student ' en ter B·023 l.l )011.1, A 92093 

The drugjnmt 

Has all hope been abandoned? 
By MIKE GREENBERG 

The drug problem will not F away in professional football or anywhere else. Once 
shocking. now news of the larest cocaine bust or locker room scandal causes little more than 
a shrug from many obse~rs. lntoxicalEd foocball pla~rs are simply another phenomenon 
we have become pretty much accustomed to in present day SOCiety. The average fan does 
not care whether a pIa~r adnWs himself into a drug rehabilitation center, In a survey in the 
San Diego Tribune, 72% of those people surveyed said they would rather not ~ow about a 

pla~r's ~ problems unless it affects his perfonnance on the field. The National Football 
League recently <lisccJvered in its annual meetings being held this past week that the drug 
problem involving players has spread mort rapidly than most officials suspected or 
admitted. Sports mustrattd, in its june 14 issue, focused national anendon on the 
growing problem with a cover story in which former player Don Reese confessed 
that he used cocaine during the season. He also indicted San Diew;> Charger 
Chuck Muncie, a fonner New Orleans teammate , and charged that drugs were 
"messing up. players and games. . 

As we grow more comfortable with the nIXion that chemical solutions to 
human problems are increasingly a pan of the way we live, there is a 
tendency to abandon an hope on the drug front. This is because 
of the widespread use of drugs in professional spons, and 
the lack of individuals turning other people or 
themselves in for help. When athletes are involved, 
we feel particularly helpless espectaBy since they 
are involved in epidemic proportions these 
days. Professionals make megabuclcs. They 
take counsel from laW)":rs or IIICm but 
otherwise function independently. 
There are contracts and unions 
and league rules, bUlanyone 
with an ~ on the 
national scope these 
days can sunnise that 
those factors have a 
minimal effect on the 
athlete's behavior. Drug 
abuse is a dark cloud 
hovering over pro spons, 
specifically football . 
When players are 
found to be writing 
checks to cover 
their habits, the 
inherent dangers 
should be obvious, 
One of the greatest 
defensive linemen 
of all time, Minne-
sota Viking Carl 
Eller admined taking 
drugs throughout his 

·1 

career. In fact, it Was only near the end of his career that Eller decided to do something to 
rectify the problem. He checked into a drug rehabilitation center to seek treatment. So when 
Eller said he knew there was widespread use of drugs in the league, everyone [rom 
Commissioner Pete Rozelle down the line began to pay anention. AcruaUy, Eller paved the 
way for other athletes to come forward. 

ITEM: Mike Strachan, a former New Orleans running back, has been indicted for seBing 
cocaine. Several Saints p~yers were allegedly among his customers, including Heisman 
Trophy Winner and Rookie of the Year recipient George Rogers. 

ITEM: Rogers admined at a press conference a month ago that he had used cocaine, but 
__ ... Y, lcJ he had undergone tteatment recently and vowed, "It will never happen again." 

s 

Published repons earlierquIXed unidentified sources as Yying Rogers told 
a federal grand jury he spent S 10,000 on cocaine last season when he won 
the NFL rushing title. 

--

ITEM: Charger running back Chuck Muncie and wide receiver Wes 
Chandler, rtamed as users by Reese, admitted that they were 

addicted to marijuana and al~ohol and thus, checked 
into a detoxification center. 

ITEM: Hollywood Henderson, John Reaves, 
Tommy Kramer and Eller were some of the 

prominent players who became entangled in 
the web ' of dope and alcohol. The list is 

growing. The NFL has channeled 29 players 
into rehabilitation centers in the last year (six 

in the last month) - most with cocaine 
problems. This suggests that there is a 

widespread 'problem in the sport, 
and it probably will continue to 

grow until something more is 
done. 

Both sides - The NFL 
and the National FootbaB 
League Players t\ssocia-
tion (NFLPA) - seem to 
have different ideolo-
gie!> how to deal with 
the dilemma. One 
solution the NFL has 
proposed to the 
NFLPA suggests 
urinalysiS tests 

before every 
game, or at 

conI. on pg. 16 



Drugs in 
the NFL 
contmuedfrom page 15 
least periodically. The NFLPA is totally 
opposed to mandatory testing. "What 
the clubs propose IS a witch hunt, an 
invasion of privacy," says NFLPA 
president Gene Upshaw. The Players 
Association maintains that drug testing 
was never a part of the regular physical, 
and that the teams have no right to test 
players. To the surprise of some players, 
the viewpoint is backed by some 
coaches. "I think testing goes against the 
individual rights of the players," said 
former New York Giant coach and 
current Alabama Crimson Tide skipper 
Ray Perkins. "It puts players in a 
precarious position , as if you mistrust 
them." Another supporter of the players 
is Houston Oiler coach Hugh Campbell: 
"I think we have to have more belief in 
people. After all, that is what this 
country stands for." 

Dave Meggyesey, whose 1970 book, 
Oul of Their League, described the use of 
amphetamines and barbiturates among 
.NFL players, is now working with the 
local Players Association . The seven-year 
veteran called the drug testing proposals 
hypOCritical. "They shoot a guy up with 
Cortisone or Xylocaine [strong pain 
relievers] and his knees tum to Jelly," 
Meggyesy said . "Speed [amphetamine] is 
common. Then you hear about tests for 
drug use and you wonder what the deal 
is .... I'd like to see them test airplane 
pilots or surgeons. Those are the people 
with lives in their hands. This [drug 
testing] goes back to the paternalist idea 
that athletes are one step below human." 
The NFL claims that since it is paying 

. . 

these players for their services, and their 
particular service happens to be athletic, 
it has the right to make sure that these 
players are 100% healthy and drug-free. 
NFL Commissioner Pete Rozelle said in 
a press conference two weeks ago that 
"The owners should be able to find OUt 
at any time whether a pl.iyer's 

What the clubs 
propose is a witch 
hunt, an invasion of 
privacy. 

- _Gene Upshaw 
performance is being hindered by some 
kind of drug use ." An Modell , long-time 
owner of the Cleveland Browns, had a 
different and more direct outlook: "Since 
these guys are making money to play 
football , and to play this SpOrt one has 

~ , .! completely healthy, both physically 
dnd mentally, we have the right to make 
sure w.e are gening our money's worth 
in our product" 

Even if drug abuse was a high-priority 
item with the league and the players, 
there isn't much the NFL and the 
NFLPA could do to stem the tide. There 
is no reason to believe these 
organizations could succeed where the 
family, the government, the church and 
the educational SYStem have failed . 

Given the nature of the sport, 
however, both the league and the union 
must grapple with the ramifications of 
drug use. It is nO! enough to chum out 
paper responses to real difficulties, as 
the league has done, nor is it enough to 
hide behind the two pretentious 
arguments involving the players' privacy 
and the NFL's right to preserve its 

The home of the 
35¢ hamburger. 

Under 10 minutes away! 

71.40 Miramar Rd. 
San Diego 
1L."'I1111111~--------------------~II!III!III...u Buy one auart;~wtth Cheese Sandwich 
IJ'III ... .-.... GE1' ONE Cash Value IIlO of I cent 
II JUS! pre~nt Ih .. coupon when II II yo u buy a Quarte r Pounder· with II II cheese sandwtch and you 'lI get Only at: II 
I another one (ree L, m't One 7140 Miramar Rd. I coupon per custo mer. per VIS,t San Diello II II Pleas.: presenl coupon when II 

II ordertng NOI va l,d wit h Valid thru II 
any o ther offer . June 30, 1984. ~) ~~~ :':=~"!'.';::3 .. ,,' @ 

--------------------

product. The human side of the drug 
problem mUst be handled with reason 
and compassion, a challenge the league 
and the union share. The threat to the 
integrity of the spOrt is real , and it is 
important that these twO groups work 
integrally. Currently, both sides are at a 
standstill. They are becoming short-
sighted, seeming to be more concerned 
with appearances and public relations 
than with problem solving. The public 
has come to expect this type of 
"bureaucratic jargon" from the NFL, but 
the players union has a responsibility to 
protect nO! only the gallie, but more 
importantly, the livelihood of its players. 
Cocaine is as much a threat to foot ban 
careers as any item on the Iabor-
management agenda (there is a potential 
strike in the making as the current labor 
contract has only one year remaining). 

There should be no reason for the 
players to object to urine testing. Why 

We have the right to 
make sure we are getting 
our money's worth in 
our product. 

- Art Modell 
should anyone object? It is a routine 
procedure for Olympic athletes and 
boxers. Most NFL and USFl owners, 
coaches and officials (Hugh Campbell 
and Ray Perkins being the exceptions) 
would gladly consent undergoing the 
same test to convince the NFLPA that it 
is not dehumanizing. (Maybe the players 
think it is demeaning because they have 
something to hide.) Ironicany, some 
teams have been giving urine tests for 
several years on the opening day of 

practice without arousing players. The 
San Diego Chargers are one of those 
teams. 

In today's complex society it is easy 
to comprehend how athletes, who 
suddenly become affluent, are exposed 
to drugs. You would assume that the 
players themselves would be the first to 
blow the whistle on a teammate if that 
particular player was causing the team's 
d,?wnfan. One drug user in a key 
position could deny his ~am a shot at 
the Super Bowl. When Sports lUustrared 
printed its expose, Chuck Muncie 
threatened a lawsuit. Since then, Muncie 
has conceded that he has some 
problems with drugs and alcohol, and 
subsequently entered Scripps Cliriic for 
psychiatric detoxification treatment. The. 
NFL does have a severe drug problem. 
The NFLPA should be demanding 
extreme measures to deteer users 
instead of protesting that simple urine 
tests are dehumanizing. 

ATTENTION 
Academic Intell.hlps 

at 

San D~~OZOO 
Wild Anlm.' P.rk 

Anthropology 187 C 
Summer & Fall, 1984 

Internship Topics: 

Three Internships will be 
open for each quarter 

beginning SUmmer, '84. 
Prerequisites are AN 25 and 
one of the following: AN 100, 
An:IOI, An 113, or an upper 
dMslon course in 8101ogy or 
Ps)1:hoIogy·that deals with 
animal behavior, GPA rrust 

be 3.0 or above and consent 
of Instructor. 

I. Long-term studies of female cycling in nrirn;llt • .c 
2. Social dynamics of lion-tailed macaques. 
3, Interspedes behavior of large mammals. 

Interviews for Surrvner & Fall 
Internships will be Friday, 

June 1, 1984, 2-4 pm or by 
appointment. Dr. S. Strum, 

8073 H&SS; ext. 4517, 
Interviews for Winter 'S5 -

Summer '85 will be in 
November, 

Running Thoughts 
The Untold Story -

By JEFF SAVAGE 
Being a reporter is tough . Finding a good story is a treasure, but to get it you have 

to SOrt through the servlce debriS and then grab a shovel and start digging. Being a 
sports reporter is even tougher; once you bring up the treasure chest, you discover that 
there's a giam ~atronizing padlock on it. You have to find the right key. Being a rookie 
sports reporter IS the toughest; an you have is a spoon and a hairpin. 

I was given my first spoon and hairpin set two years ago, and since then I have 
been subjected to as many imperiously insolent idiots and obligingly accommodating 
altn ~ as my S&HP set has aDow.ed. These creatures should not go unnoticed . 

So ithout further ado, here now is the first bi-annual Uner Awards. Each shall be 
presented with a brief introduction: 
fountain or Youth Award - Pete Rose. For the first time since his initial head-first 
slide, Pete's doing something he doesn't want to do. Although he doesn't want to admit 
it, Rose is gening old. He swore off Grecian Formula last year - and it shows. Charlie 
Hustle knows that he can't last in this league forever, especially in the field . And he 
won't be satisfied as a spot starter or in a pinch hitting role. One way for a pure hitter 
to extend his career a few years is via the deSignated hitter system in the American 
League. When the Expos came to town during the last Padre homestand, I asked Rose 
if he has ever entertained thoughts on switching over to DH in a couple of years. 1 
struck a nerve. 

"How can you expect me to think two years ahead? I can't think two years ahead! I 
could be walking across the street tonight and get hit by a car! 1 might be on a 
pension plan next year! If I decide to DH in the American League, you'll be the first to 
know! Leave me your card!!!" 

I scurry away. 
The Back Of Award - Jack Clark. The Giants' talented outfielder is never satisfied. If 
it's not the fans, it's the manager, or the weather, or something else. No wonder San 
Franciscans are beginning to say Clark's initials reaDy stand for Jumbo Complainer. But 
despite his disposition, Clark has been the Giants' hitting star for the past six years, at 
times carrying the club. Two seasons ago, when Clark was on fire and the Giants were 
making a run at the pennant, I asked him, after an SF win, how it fek being the main 
thrust of the offense. I struck a nerve. 

"I don't want to talk lrum. I got to get moon' on." 
Clark obviously didn't want to talk about himself, so I asked him about the young 

starting rotation. 
"HEY DUDE! I SAID I DIDN'T WANT TO TALK!!!" 
I scurry away. 

The Egshells Award - Dick Williams. The San Diego Padre manager can surprise 
folks once in a while by being a decent guy, but most of the time he's just as ornery as 
an old mule. It's the tail end of the 1982 season and the Padres, who have been in first 
place aD year long, are watching their lead rapidly shrink as a result of a number of 
late-g. "TIe comebacks by the opposition. After losing the crucial first game of a 
doubll'neader to the Phillies 4-3, with reliever Gary Lucas giving up two runs in the 
ninth nning, an assemblage of reporters gathers outside of Williams' closed office 
door. This is to be my first time in the skipper's quarters. When the door is finaBy 
opened by an aide, the reporters quiedy stream in and seat themselves on the couches 
and chairs that line the back of the office. There is one couch next to Williams' desk 
at the front of the room, but no one sits in it. Instead, they prefer to stand. My work at 
the time calls for taped quotes, so I eagerly take the couch. We wait for Dick. When he 
finany enters the room, the scowl-faced Williams opens a can of beer and flings the 
top across the room. He sits down. Silence. Williams is breathing hard. He violently 
slurps his beer, spills some down his shirt, and then belches. Again, silence. A long 
minute later, a brave reporter finally asks a question: "Uh, Dick. Uh, was it just a 
matter of Lucas losing his rhythm?" That's my cue. With recorder running, I lean 
forward and place the microphone in Williams' face. I struck a nerve. 

"GET THAT THING AWAY FROM ME! WHAT THE HELL DO YOU THINK YOU'RE 
DOING?! GET YOUR BLEEPING BLEEP THE BLEEP OUTTA HERE!!!" 

Yes, 1 scurry away. 
The Take Two Award - Al Atlles. 1 was fortunate enough to attend the 1982 NBA 
meetings at the Hotel Del Coronado in San Diego. Golden State Warriors coach AI 
Anles is roaming around the patio area before the start of the luncheon. He grants me 
a nice ten-minute interview on the present and future state of the Warriors. But an 
hour later, 1 discover that I failed to set my recording level above seven, thereby 
rendering the recording useless. I track down Attles again, explain my gaffe, and ask 
him for another interview. He graciously accepts and proceeds to ramble for 15 
minutes.labout the status of the Warriors and the NBA. 
The Give-and-Go Award - Buck Williams. At those same NBA meetings, the New 
Jersey Net Slar is presented the Rookie of the Year award. As soon as the ceremony 
ends, he makes a quick dash for the nearest exit. As he heads for the elevator, I catch 
up with him and ask if I can interview him. 

"You bet. In a minute. I got to go up to my room. l'll be right back." 
I wait with a few other reporters for over 20 minutes. Buck never comes back. 

The Expletive DelelEd Award - Tom Lasorda. The Dodger manager is not one to mix 
words. He is one to mix epithets. But no one said a high school education is 
necessary in this game. The King of Linguini displayed his expository skills in the 
clubhouse after a loss to the Padres last year. When asked about a controversial play at 
second base in which Dodger Rick Monday was tagged out, Lasorda screamed: 

"There's no bleeping way that that bleepity bleep can bleeping call him out! No 
bleeping way! The bleeping bleep was 20 bleeping feet away from the bleeping bag! 
Monday's bleeping foOl went around it! That bleepity bleep is full of bleeping bleep!! 
Bleep!!!" 
The Cavalier Award - Tim Lollar. "Hey Tim, can I talk with you for a minute?" 

·Yea h. One thousand one, one thousand two .... " 
The Accommodating Award - Gary Lucas. "Hey Gary, can I talk with you for a 
minute?" 

"Sure, I'll talk with you as long as you like. What would you like to know?" 
The Diplomacy Award - UCSD Alhletic Dircctor Judy Sweet. 

"We have .yet to reach an official decis ion." "We don't know at this po int." "That's a 
pOSSibility." ·Could be." 

All our stores celebrate our new Old TO'Nn location 

< GRAND OPENING SALE \. r - - -Tt;;c'ii _ AilW-"-';;~n;c;.;;---' 
I Col Eye • SQuate • ~" Wayknf. ~ .. SIyte I 
I Sa'" E'_a <>ror.J Openong I I CAlIa.. I 
I Men,or#o"",,,,,, S40-45 $29.99 I J styles ~ COiOtS 2 ~ 
I CAlRllAM..,·,looll·AI_ 55·12 $1 .99-3 .99 I 
I FE ...... Foi""'p G_ S4 6 $1 I """~ " ~""'. w"h coso • .99 I I C_~H1"". ~----------____________ J 

Don' pay too much for IUngla .... : We've got the lowest 
prices and best selection from $2.99 to $249.95 

Vuomel • Correra. RaybOn. Styte E~. SUneloud. Hable. Bucci • lIoIle. Cebe· E1c., eIc: . 

Put:¥C ElfC'J. ( 71. 
Open 7 DCIYI and NlgIIII 

Old Town 
2461 San Diego Ave 

( next 10 Old Town Mexica n Cafe) 
692.Q0S9 

La Jolla 
1030 TOfIey Pines Rd 

( nelC! fo Yogurt Affair) 
.60W006 

£nc:lnllatl 
745 First St. 

(Lumberyard Shopping Center) 
N2~7 

Wbatever Your Game Is ... 
Plake Sure You Have the Right Class 

lYot ,,.,, In «laetlu'e of d&UU:-----... 
The De,.ltment o{ I'tay.slal lduat1on. Minor Program will be offering: 
n 120 Sports In Ametfa JtIWI' 1:00 - 1:50 
Instructor: Dr. Jack Douglass 
Studena wIMIlng to ,..r in the n 120 class should come and 
prHmoll in the n Jlfinor Of/fce (ReclUtion 011"" RIft 21) with IfIthll Moe. 
eo.,,. nUe 
Code 
Cbaagal----------------------------~ 

1727 SwIm Cond CU.'" tol 
3551 1W1I~ SOB 
Cha.", tol 
3552 1W1I~ 50C 
Cba.ged tol 
3452 V-IMII 16l 
Cbuged tol 
3453 V-BaI116l 
e"'aged IDI 
3492 IMllet 2JA 
e .... ged tol 
4609 Chor 18 
Cllaaged tol 

....l'A!!ceIs. 
3453 Vollellblll 
4602 VoI/ellblli 
M09 Tennis l.fB 
3452 Voliellblli 
4605 Aerobics 
3544 fencing 
3408 Tennis 14B 
3533 Basketball 

MW 
I'IW 
m 
I'IW 
1111 
m 
1111 
l'IW 
MW 
I'IW 
m 
I'IW 
MW 
I'IW 

MW 
MW 
1111 
1111 
1111 
1b 
MW 
MW 

3:00-4:30 
1:00-2:30 
3:00-3:50 
1:00-1:'0 
4:00-4:50 
3:00-3:'0 
3:00-3:50 
9:00-91'0 

Aq Pool 
Aq rool 
Main Gym 
1'1'" Gym 
So Bale 
So Bale 
Ret Gym 
..... Gym 

3:00-3:50 Main Gym 
10100-101501'1 .... Gym 
4:00-4:50 W Bale 
3100-31'0 "0 Bale 
2:00-3:50 W Bale 
6100-71'0 "0 Bale 
3:00-3:50 Main Gym 
2:00-2:50 Main Gym 
9:00-9:50 CT4-6 
3:00-3:50 Ret Oym 
8:00-8:50 n Bale 
3:00-3:50 W Bale 
11:00-11:50 CT 1-3 
11:00-11:50 Main Gym 

Adds:------------------------------~ 
3535 
3536 

Gymnas .fDA 
Gymnas .foe 

MW 2:00-2:50 
MW 3:00-3:50 

So Bale 
So Bale 

-

... 



18 May 29, 1984 
SPORTS 

................. '·.::~.-:v . ,,'"' . ~.' ,;- .... ,'. '". x. .u~.. . ,,~~ < 

'Guardian' calls SD Super Bowl 
In the April 30 issue of the Guardian, San Diego's Pat Robles (also known as the 

Knowledge) predicted that the NFL would select San Diego as the host city for the 
1988 Super Bowl. Last Thursday, the NFL selected San Diego as th e host city for the 
1988 Super Bowl. To those familiar with Robles , this accurate prognostication com~s as 
no surprise. 

By correcdy predicting a Raider landslide in Super Bowl XVIII, the Knowledge ran 
his streak to 12 consecutive years . He has also predicted the last eight Stanley Cup 
champions, the last five BA champions and nine of the last ten World Series 
winners. 

The San Diego Super Bowl Task Force made a 12-minute presentation to the NFL on 
Wednesday, and among the attractions listed were: the expansion of Jack Murphy 
Stadium to 75,820 seats; almost 30,000 hotel rooms within 35 minutes of the stadium; 
the choice of three pro-class practice sites (UCSD, San Diego State and the Chargers' 
practice field); a completed $400,000 turf and drainage system renovation at the 
stadium; choice of several exciting sites for the NFL Friday Night Party (including Del 
Mar race track); exclusive use by the NFL of the Torrey Pines Golf Course; and 
America's most ideal climate (nearly 80% sunshine in January, with an average high 
temperature of 73 degrees). 

The 1987 Super Bowl was awarded to the Rose Bowl in Pasadena. San Francisco will 
host the 1985 Super Bowl, which will be played at Stanford Stadium in Palo AltO, and 
New Orleans will host the 1986 game. 

In the 1988 Super Bowl , Robles has the San Diego Chargers pegged as eight-point 
winners over the Philadelphia Stars. 

UCSD Summer Session 

ADDED 
AMES 10 

fORTRAN PROGRAMMING (4 Units) 
Applied Mechanics and Engineering Sciences 10 
Course Code 0232 July 16 - August 24, 1984, 

For more Information visit the Summer Session Omce 
101 A Administrative Complex or call 

451-4364 

r---" '-W1N $150 - -----, 

PREE TEXTBOOKS 
from the 

UCSD BOOI(STORE 
o 

Who May Enter? 
Any student who has a current photo-I.D. card and will 
be returning for Fan '84. 

What will you win? 

Why? 

Where? 

When? 

How? 

A non-transferrable prize of $150 worth of textbooks 
from the UCSD campus bookstore. 

Due to a manufactt .er·s flaw, an UCSD J.D. cards issued 
to date must be re-made. This contest is designed to 
encourage you to have your photo-J.D. retaken NOW to 
avoid long lines in the Fall. and possible inconvenience 
in obtaining other services. 

Quonset 324, Warr"n Campus, on Russell Drive, east 
of the Cashier's alii i!. 

Tuesday, May 29, through Friday, June 8. from 9:00 am 
to 3:30 pm. 

No waiting or charge is antidpated if you BRING YOUR 
ORIGINAL PHOTO-J.D. CARD. Your photo will be retaken 
and your original card giVen back to you. When you pay 
your Fall '84 fees, you vvill be given your newcards at the 
tent near the Cashier's Office. 

The winner's name will be drawn from only those partidpants in 
this specially-advertised session, and her/his fee-paid status will be 
verified by the Cashier's office prior to awarding the prize. If the first 
winner is disqualified. another will be chosen; every attempt will be 
made to notifY the winner during the week of September 3, 1984. 

Don't get stuck 
lugging stuff home 
that you don't want, 

Learn in Europe: 
French, Spanish, 

Italian, or German. 
Live with a family 
in a native setting . 

All levels of courses. 
Call for Free Brochure 

COUNCil TRAVEl 
619-452-0630 

UCSD Sludenl Cenler 8-023 
La Jolla , CA 92093 

Its a jungle out there. 
Resumes. interviews, experience, decisions-it ' s enough to scare even the bravest job 
hunter. 

But, as a Thomas college temp. you'll work for the best companies in California. In 
more than 100 positions~ffice, financial , marketing, sales, light industrial, data 
processing. 

You 'll get good money-and pay no fees. 
Work as much or as little as you want. And get 
firsthand job experience. So when r.ou're 
ready to bag the Big One, you won t have to 
beat the bushes. 

Think of us as jungle 
guides this summer. 
CALL TODAY. 

• Bakersfield. Downey. Fullerton. Glendale. L.A. Central. LA. West. Long Beach .Oakland 
• Ontario. Pasadena. Riverside. San Bernadino. San Dieao • San Fernando Valley 
• San Francism. San Jose • San Mat«>. South Bay/Airport. South Or8Jl&'! County. Ventura 
• West Covina. . 

Roberts VW - VOLVO ® 914-VW-BMW e "" ~ .• ~ Audi Servo v~ 
German Car Specialists 

All work fully guaranteed. Factory· Trained Specialist 
Monday-Friday 8 am - 5:30 pm • Saturday 8 am - 5 pm 

(6~9) 454-7823 
(619) 454-3705 
(619) 275-1132 

4630 Mission Bay Drive 
(1·5 to Balboa Exit) 

San Diego, CA. 92109 

---------------------------------10% OFF 
On All Repairs'" 

O(Except Motor & Transmission Overhaul) 
With This Coupon 

(Nol valid wi:h a"y olher coupo,,) 

Meditation: 
The Heart Home of the World Body 
Members of the Peace Meditations at the. United Nations 

and the United States Congress will give two free courses 
on the power of the Heart in World Affairs. Discussions will 
include simple but very useful and practical meditation 
techniques. Discover the inner workings behind mundane 
human affairs and international events. 

P&L1111 
Wednesday, May 30 & June 6 

4:00 p.m. 
I ight refreshments included 

For more information call 459-2002 

aa. •• d acMItlllng IPQCe " IOIct In tOO 
ct'G"amll ~ ... IactI ...... puncNaIIon 
.-II and apace ....... __ II _Ald. ed a 
ct... I • wIItI capIaI ..... _ ..... GI two · 
ellen clill. The raIe" t • .oo,., tOO ahalCl.ltor 
IIudenII and ».00 ,., .00 cIIaNI~I.1I tor non-
IIudenII. You mull came Dr lie oIIIoe or mall In 
,.. ad, GI .. ,..,.,. ~ In acMIrlCe 01 c:::=:n. DeadlIMI: I pm Tueeday tar 

paper; , pm "..101 "'ondaW" paper. 
Far IftCft III1arma11aro, call ~. The 0uard1On. 
UCSD. a.ot6, La Jolla. CA 92093. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 

MEOiANICAl Engineering ctub BEACH PARTY 
& B8Q for AmeI undelgrads. grada. proteac:n. 
Sat. June 2. 12 noon at u shorel north k:MIn. 
WeIUPPlv br8W & lire. yoo IUpplVdtah or meat 
for 4. (5/31) 
ReadV for the PrImary? Meet and talk with 
Iocat Democratic CQ"IdicIcIIet for Congrea. 
State Allembly and County Board of 
SJpervtscn. TueacbI. May '19, at 400 In the 
North Confar9nce Room. Be Infolmed and 
vote. (5/'19) 
Wrat would you do If your lienee said. "Sony 
honeVdeW. but I calt-oloupe."? S50 & the 
coveted post cA Watermelon Queen to the 
seediest response. Apply by June 4th at the 
Revelle Pro.Iost's omce. (5/'19) 
Informal study group will study FOUNDATIONS 
a: R.UID MECHANICS at the M.E.C. BEACH 
PARTY & BBQ. AMES undergrads. grads. preAs 
_Ieome to join us Sat June 2. 12 noon at La 
Jolla Shores. Brtng dish tor 4. (5/31) 
t.ocal Candlates' Forum - Be ready for the 
Primary. Hea what the condIdates have to 
fOI. Tuesday. May 29. at 4:00, In the North 
Carterence Room In the Student Center. Be 
aI ed.JCoted voter. (5/'19) 
REVELlE Sl\.OEN1S - Get InvoIIied. The 
folloWIng corrmItt88 PQIItionl en 0II011abIe: 
Stu. Financial AId. Bookstore. AIoohoi & 
Subltan~ Abuse. Relldanttal life. Corrp.Jter 
AdvIsory. Noon ProgrammIng. and 
Graduation Applications OIIOllabie In Revelle 
ProIost'sOllloe. Deadline - W~. May 
30. (5/28) 

FOR SALE 

BATTLEZOOE arcade video game In eDlcetlent 
condition. S175 firm. Stave 45&-5792. (5/'19) 
Electric Boss - Gibson VlctOlY - 8IClnt eondn 
- cheny red paint - two Ws - rad bass -
Len. S400 abo 457-5393. (5/31) 
1972 Gremlin reliable car 6cyl r'tf!NI brakes 
good tire5; shocks carb muir radiator past 1 ~ 
yrs; axc uphOi S750 obo 452-4469 (w) 753-
fa)1 (h) Peter. (5/31) 
Peugot Moped for sale. Great condition. and 
a gr&ot way to get there. Only S275 444-7075 
Kart. (5/31) 
For Sale: Lades English Raleigh bicycle. Good 
condition 525.00 catl 292-tJJ"?9. (6/4) 
1971 Datsun 110 3<loar. 3-speed outomatlc. 
Radials. Looks and runs nne. S700.00. 279-
2681. (5/31) 
For sale Datsun 710 Model 76 102 thous. mites 

for 
Appoiritmtnt 

good tronsp. S10'Xl call Olaf 274-6265 or 
Haines 457-3742. (5/28) 
Desk with bookshelf 545 459-5291. L8OI8 
message. (5/31) 
1956 MERCEDES 19O5l: r'tf!NI Mercedes classic 
white paint. burgundy leather Interior. black 
soft top. new capets. everything works. You 
hove to see It to appreciate It. Runs & looks 
beautIfUL For sale at 514.0'Xl. Call Jane Lutter 
for details at 488-{)936. (5/'19) 
MorS','-Boogle (Mach77) $40; two scott " foils" 
one w/ slick bottom S35. anew/out S30. Ea has 
honda. 272-6916. (5/31) 
1973 Colt. engine 76. good battery. tires S9Q(). 
Tel 452-0907. (5/'19) 
76 FORD IIMVERI()( 20r New battery. tires !It 
MANY actIaI. RUNS !It LOOKS beautiful. 51300 
obo. DAN 279-0016. (5/29) 
New DENON 3 - Head 00 - M3 Ca. Deck. 
i\iJtoblc& DaIbv SIC. »21)( Hz. Greatl Reg. 
S65O. 457-A3i16 EMf S44O. (5/31) 

WANTED 

Will pay: 8IIP R/C aircraft modeler with I>MA II 
for III\11t & const. Assistance. Dave 697-661YJ. 
(5/29) 
Free rent. trade for parttlme aid active profess. 
disabled woma"l. female preferred. 230-2140 
w; 578-0163 h. (6/7) 
BIOCHEMMOR - to help prepare for Bla. 101 
final . Contact Ed at 457-Q365 or 457-1975. 
(5/31) 
BED AND BREAKFAST HOSTS - Guests In your 
home ot\'a' aI opportunity to meet people 
aid ecm adra Income. All you ~ Is an 
artra bectoom 560-7322. (5131) 
Wanted: Fun loving. hardworking. 
enthuslCllllc peoona who love the outdoors. 
Counselor and aut. Waterfront posIttonaopen 
at coed CQII1) In Salta Barbao. For more Info 
call Debbie at 805-486-3417. (5/31) 
Revelle College Is looking for a fflMI seec:t( 
students to "'" forWatermeton Queen. Appy 
at Prots Ofc. (5/28) 
CrewpenonI needed for prtvate yachts IacaI 
& wCJk:t.Ntde. Call Amer\ca'1 SaIling Assn. 273-
3013. (6/4) 
WrltfJllS/ Arttats needed - New publication 
seeks short stories. poetry, music reviews. feil 
fashion crttcIes. and comics (7~~). Submit 
with WE to: P.O. 80K 1068. La Jolla. Co 92038. 
(6/4) 

HOUSING 

Roommate needed. M.s. beachfront cando 
June 1-3) only. Take a bleak before going 
home or to wood Irs on the beach and 
boardwattc. oNv 50yds togl8Ot surflDon·t miss 
outl Call 21().()349. NowII (5/'19) 
Cardltl Cole. Roommates needed for 3/tx. 
2/00 condo 11 mites north ofUCSO. fumlshed. 
new carpets. drapes. appIlCI'1Ces. desJgner 
battvooms. extenlive waac:Iwork. Access to 
pool and Jacuzzi. Mo. to rna. Huge master BR 

- S4OO. Single BR - S250. Available June 7. 
270-0349. (6/7) 
MESA Apartment save 525 on contract call 
.loon 75fr6773. (5/31) 
ROOMATE WANTED to shore cOndo by UTC. 
Own room. pool. laundry. fireplace. 
microwave. and a catl illlust be nonsmoking. 
neat female. Rent 5240 +1/ Jutillt ies. Call 457-
0534. (5/26) 
Roommates wonted tor house In University 
City. Slngle/S300 shared/S250 +ut ll. 
St6lle/Paul M. 455-6473. (5/31) 
ENCINITAS - non-smoklng woman to share 
home. Own bdm/both '195/mo +~ util. 942-
0176. (5/'19) 
Fern. rmmate avail In Sept. non-smoker 
studious. illlust hOVe own bam Can pt;;1'f 
250/3f1J. Carolyn 45&-9707. (6/7) 
Room for rant - 262/mo+l'AJ11L From June 16. 
Condo. just north cA UTC. Non-smoker. 
Branct,on 45G-2190. (5/31) 
IJIIFURN COfII)() 2 -3mths surrmer. 1 +1",. 
pool. jacuzzl. 2 ~ 5' Vv'OI< school. 457-
3365 Dan. (5/31) 
Need 2 people to shore a lage master 
bedroom with a bath and I'M:> cIaIets. 1 mile 
from lX::SD. a condo behind Ralph's Pale. 
Jacuzzi. pool, washer. dryet. much more. Call 
Greg 453-2322 until 12. ( 5/31 ) 
Room for rent In Del Mer HeIghts condo. Great 
decil For details phone 481-2637 aid ask for 
Bruce, Bob, a Cathy. (5/31) 

SERVICES 

¥\ORO PROCESSING: Speedv service. PIckup 
& dell11ery on COfl'lJUI. Call ArlO( at 279-8056. 
(6/7) 
Need a typist? ReaIonabIe - sr:-1v -
accurate. TheIIs -~ - jounaI atIcIes 
- Kathie 57tr1277. (6/7) 
Corr"4:luterlzed word proceeaIng. Ten-n ~ 
theses. dissertations. Experienced. 
dependable. 48 H1268. (6/7) 
T-,pInQ. word processing. t~ ~. 
Quality work at reasonable rates. La Jolla. 

~.~5618. (6/7) 
UMVANTED HAIR REMCMD PERMPlIoIENll Y 
neor campus. La .Jolla Plot uionai Center. 
8950 Villa La Jolla Dr. Suite 11~ Call for 

~1457-4039. (6/7) 
Typlngl Word ProcessIngI Rush jobsl Ten-n 
papers. theses. resumes. transcription. 
jennifer. 274-5005. (6/7) 
TYPING: IBM RUSH .JOBS term papers theses 
assertatlons editing 453-0656 (_) 452-1568. 
(6/7) 
TYPING - Term papers - theses- resumes. Fast. 
reasonable. Pactftc Beach. Caole ~9109. 
(6/7) 
Typing 51/pg discount w/1hIs ad. At Klnko's 
Copies in U Village 5q. ( 0Cf0lS from canpus) 
232-9797. (6/7) 
Top Drawer Secretarial Service reports. 

morlJ~ts. reeumes. letters. Reasonable 
cdl 481-4160. (6/7) 
IlIrke Secretorlal. Try our typingl Rush jobs 

specialty - fleDIlbie hrs. La Jolla 455-6310 
days/ 457-3642 6\Ie. (6/7) 
TVPlST - $1 per page term papers. 
manuscripts. English MA Janet 454-4659 
1 Oam-9pm. (5/'R) 

LOST Be FOUND 

Lost: at General Store. Blue backpack 
containing Items cA great personal OJOlue 
(odctess book. physics notes) Dena457-4007. 
(5/'19) 
Found: Blue sweatshirt on Muir Field. Call 
Dwight 481-1386. (6/4) 
Found: watch. Call to identify. Dwight 481-
1386. (6/4) 
Lost 5/3: baseball mit. Natural cok:x/Tom 
5eCMW sIglatlle. Reward. Suzanne utson 
45&-9644. (5/'19) 
l.oIt: In ~ AP8tM ond HSS. Bracelet w/ 
p/nkish-clea beads. purplish oblong pear1s 
ald gold balls. R8'N'Ord. Sentimental value. 
Suzanne Ufson 45&-9644. (5/'19) 
Reward If you lind my 14K gold txacetet. Lost 
!>-161n Hl1116. Sentimental value. Please call 
Jill at 452-9936. (5/29) 
SEKAI bicycle wheel lost 5/17/84 near the 
TorrS',' Pines/La Jolla Vlliage Drive Intersection. 
If you hove It please call Jane at 486-0936 a 
turn It in to the campus police. Thonk you. 
(5/31) 
Lost red metal skateboard. Santa Cruz decol. 
Cotl Eric 46&-2359. (5/31) 

TRAVEL 

Council traveVOEE provides Intormatlon on 
student charters. rallpasses. Inri student Ids. 
hostel cads. tours for aget 18-35. work and 
study progIOIt'" and much more. Stop by the 
student Center or call 452-0630. (6/7) 
AlRFAAES. WorIdNlde for students. Inri student 
I.D. cads. tours. rdlpasses. eocperIenced 
adVIc:e. All ywr travel needs - Student TrOYeI 
Network. 1551 Camino del Rio South - 692-
9213. (6/7) 
Bonus AW8ne Ticket to cnywhere United Illes. 
Call for details. Blse 75fr6256. (5/'19) 
Ride to Bolton. Leaves June 16 arrive 26 some 
sightseeing. Shore ctMng. Prefer 'voo()man catl 
AI 488-2109. (5/'19) 

PERSONALS 

Wart to uprise your best friend? Enter 
hlm/her In theWatermeion Pagea It I 1 st prize: 
$50. />fJpty by June 4th at Revelle Provost's 
OMce. (5/'19) 
BIOCHEM tuta 'voo()nted - to help prepare for 
Bio. 101 final. Contact Ed at 457-Q365 or 457-
1975. (5/31) 

Sunrise to SUDset 
Our Dentists are Available 

• 24-Hour Emergency Service 
• Saturdays 
• Faculty, Staff & Student Rates. 

Call for Information 

455-9151 --
r------~-----------------, ~~_ T ~: $2Ge9t AcqUai~~':: " 
I . • Diagnostic X. Rays 
I .~~~ I I • Prophy (cleaning) I 
I n.. opeaal 001 valid Offi I 

.1 VILLA LAJOUA l1li., .., 1 __ "!h~'!.~~~ _____ ~~!.~l!_!4.:. _~ 

.. 

-



(' 

20 May 29, 1984 
PERSPECTIVES 

Jidai 
WPllltlucd from pugc 11 
reappeared , and before me I could see 
the utstretched arm belonged to a 
costume that even Michael Jack on 
would envy. 

"Are you going to give me a ticket?" I 
had to act rati nal becau e what I was 
seeing was beyond my imagination. 

" o. We pulled you over to issue a 
warning for reckless livmg." 

"You mu t mean dnvmg?" Dumb ... 
when am I going to learn not to talk 
ba k to seven-foot-tall metallIC warriors. 

"You might think of it that way." 
Great... a philosophical robot. "You have 
not been nding alert. Eventually you will 
lose control and go down hard ." 

"OK, let me get this straight. What's 
happening here is a space ship has just 
pulled me over to ticket me for the way 
I've been living." 

"Very perceptive. But you are JUSt one 
of the millions of people living in this 
country who are violating the natural 
laws of the universe." If I had two tablets 
of stone maybe he would bum his 
cosmic commandments into them with 
his laser. 

"Pardon me for a moment. You'll have 
to admit standing here talking to 
spacemen under a starship is a bit 
unreaL" 

"Isn't this what you have always 
hoped would happen? Had it not been 
for your complete absorption into 
fantasy, my being here would have , as 
you say, 'freaked you out.' You actually 
want to believe something like this 
could happen." 

"So all this is In my mind. You are 
some sort of Darth Descarte; I think and 
therefore you are ." 

'The reality of my existence is not in 
question here. Admittedly, it will be 
difficult to regear your perceptions so 

that you can travel on your path as a 
person, not an actor. After all, the 
emperor of your nation has created a 
fantasy for himself which is separate 
from the rest of the world ." 

"Hey, no need to change my gears. I 
move through my life in some pretty fast 
company and with style." 

"It is not how fast or fancy you travel 

on your path that counts. The way you 
are driving yourself, you are heading for 
a major fall ." 

"Who are you [0 talk to me abom my 
form f travel? That starship and your 
space suit don't look like y.0U got them 
from the alvation Army." 

"It i not the form of travel being 
questioned here, it is your attitude. 
A cordmg to our records, you began 
riding motorcycles because of what you 
read in Zen and the Art oj Motorcycle 
Maintenance. Riding in fancy cars was 
compared to watching four television 
screens mside a sealed ap ule. 
Motorcycling is riding 'in' the world; 
seeing, smelling, hearing and touching 
the world around you (he way a child 
discovers its world. You began losing 
traction when you turned your head to 
a knowledge the praise being given to 
the motorcycles you built. That is when 
you dismounted reality and sat by the 
roadside in your fantasy ." 

"Do I look like someone who sits by 
the roadside? I am an awesome rider." 

"By whose standards? All those 
designer labels that have designed your 
life to look like -everyone else around 
you have forced into you the reverse 
obsession of trying to be an individual 
by mutilating or disguising your 
appearance. You can define a look by 
its cover, but not the contents within. 
How can you claim to be a rider when 
you spend half your life standing in 
lines to see a movie for the 25th time, 
and the other half of your time trying to 
impress your friends by talking about 
special effects in movies. Life is not 
special effects." 

"So if I am screwing up so much, why 
don't you take me with you and train 
me to be a real Jidai?" 

'The void of deep space will not help 
fill the void in your mind . Being like the 
ancient japanese jidai does not depend 
on where you are in time or space. If 
you chose to cultivate unshakable 

calmness, the ability of meditative 
concentration, a sense of swift decision-
making process, courage, split-second 
coordination and persuasive 
determination, you will become a true 
jidai wherever you travel. Not a fantasy 
to be dreamed, a reality to be lived." 

"How do I get rarted. regear as you 
put it?" 

'Just get back on your vehicle, discard 
the baggage of your fantasies , keep 
yourself well-tuned and learn how to 
negotiate dilTicult curves. You may 
scrape your knees once in a while. but 
you will eventually develop balance in 
your riding. Life is like motOrcycling -
you need to coordinate your entire 
being to push yourself to the limits and 
not fall . It requires the right amount of 
acceleration. no-panic braking when 
approaching difficult curves, applying 
couilter steering pressure to balance 
outside forces, knOWing the limits of 
your traction and not going beyond the 
abilities of your equipment, making 
room for other riders~ and always using 
a delicate touch; driving and life do not 
respond well to heavy-handed 
maneuvers. Now mount up, time to 
travel." He handed my driver's license 
back to me. "Your fantasy license has 
now expired. No ticket - just a 
warning, try to keep it under control." 

I put on my helmet, sat on my 
motorcycle and prepared for the 
departure of the starship. As it 
accelerated upward, it created a 
disturbance that knocked me over, the 
motorcycle trapping my leg beneath. I 
closed my eyes to the pain. 

"Wake up. Can you speak?" Looking 
up through the fractured face shield of 
my helmet, I saw the concerned faces of 
a police officer and a paramedic. "You 
went down pretty hard, fella. Nothing 
broken, JUSt a few scratches and bruises. 
You'll recover. We have jUst one 
question. Why were you holding your 
driver's license while riding?" 

--UNIVERSITY CENTER REFERENDUM----

The Student Center Board, the 
Associated Student Council, and the 
U ni versity Center Planning/Building 

Advisory Committee wish to thank you 
for your participation in last week's 

referendum. 

---rOGETHER WE CAN MAKE A DIfFERENCE'!-~ 


