


Dr. Clifford GrobSlein is currentl), 
offering a course designed to give 
students a grand overview of how 
scienti sts understand the workings of 
the unive rse. "The Evolution of the 
Universe, Li fe and Human ature ," will 
fea ture more than 20 guest lec turers 
from a variety o f scientific disciplines. 

Among the lecturers Will be Jonas 
alk, di scoverer o f the polio vaccine; 

astronomer and University Professor 
Margaret Brubige; anthropologist 
Sherwood Wash burn from UC Berkeley; 
Leslie Orgel of the Salk institute; and 
astrophysicist and Nobel Laureate 
Hannes Alfven, chemist Stanley Miller 
and neuroscientist Theodore Bullock, all 
of UCSD. 

Among the course tOpics will be the 
"Origin and Evolution of the Universe," 
"The Origm of Elements within the 
Stars," "The Origin and Evolution of Our 
Solar System," "The Origin, Evolution 
and Dynamics of Our Eanh: "The 
Origin of Life on Eanh: "The Evolution 
of Mmd and Brai n ," "The Makings of 
Mankind ," "The O rigin of Human 
Civilization," "The Dynamics and 
Evolution of Human Societies" and 
-Human Ity al the C rossroads: at the 
Doorstep of Doomsday or the Threshold 
of a , ew Era?" 

UC D gradua te student Jorge 
ManCillas o rgmaced the idea for the 
course and approached Grobstem With 
II. "When he came 10 me I asked for a 
hst of four to six name. of SC ientists 
who might be mte rested m lectun ng m 
such a course, and he came back to me 
wllh a II t of ten to 12 ," Grobstein sa id. 
"Practica lly everybody he approached 
agreed to speak." 

"I felt there must be some son of 
general, unifyi ng structure which fi ts a\l 
of science together: Manctllas said . 
"Once I talked £0 (hem !the scle ntistsll 
found tha t many of them had a long-
standmg interest In the sllbject matter of 
the course and found the project very 
interesting." 

o 
Twenty-three le tters wrlllen by a crew 

member o f the famous ocean exploring 
vesscl the HMS Challel1ger have been 
d onated to the al1.hi\.'e~ at Scnpps 
Instltutlon of Oceanography. 

Be >ldes the eight lette rs acqUired by 
the British Museum the collenion , 
wrllten by a ste\\'ard ., aSS iStant, Joseph 
Matklng. are the onl} known lencrs 
survl vmg from the hlstonc voyage that 
began In 1872 

The Challenger expedition was 

co nduc ted by the Bntlsh Government at 
the request of the Royal Society to • 
investigate the ph ysical condit ion of the 
deep sea, the c hemical compos ition of 
the oceans, the phys ical charac ter of the 
sea floor and sea life. Little was known 
of these areas until the 240 crewmen . 
officers and scientists made their 80.000 
mile voyage that circumnavigated the 
globe and researched all of the oceans 
except the Arctic . 

Matkin was 19 when he joined the 
expedi tion. His le tters were written from 
various pons of call around the world 
and describe the voyage, Ii le on board 
ship and the Challenger's operations. 

Many research vessels and 
expeditions have been named for the 
Challenger. including the first space 
shuttle. 

The letters. which were donated by 
Matkin's granddaughter. Mary SlOne. will 
be conserved in the Scripps archives for 
use by academic and historical 
researchers . 

A selection of the letters is on display 
at the SIO library. 

o 
The Board of Regents approved in 

August pay scales givi ng fac ulty 
members an ave rage salary increase of 
nine percent as of July 1 and an average 
Increase of 3.8% in January. 

The IIlcrease In January will be 
allocated to favor assistant professors to 
help the UC recruit and retain young 
faculty members , accordlllg to William 
Fraazier, senior vice president of 
academic affai rs. 

Professors will receive an increase of 
three percent in January, making it 
possible to provide salary increases of 
between four and 8.6% to associate 
professors. 

o 
"Candidate 'S" Gender-Bender" lvill 

be dtscussed by Edward Ni hols. 
associate ed itor of The Sa n Diego Union, 
on Friday. September 28. The fo rum is 
pan o f the Insti tute for Continued 
Learning's educational program 

The forum will be held at 10 am in 
Room I l iA of the Administrauve 
Complex. For more information . contac t 
the IC l o fTt ce at 452-3409. 

o 

Construction has been under way 
SlnC eea rly thiS month on the Magneut: 
Resonance Center at UCSO's medical 
center When the new magneti c 
resonance devlte IS housed there and 
becomes operational "T here wtll be a 

Cl)1TbL: PHlUP LAlDER 

~---------~----------~ 

I I 
I· ~v I I 

I I 

Cover: Some of the happenings around campus during 
the summer: the Italian OlympiC Fencing Team 
practiced at the gym. astronauts came to the UCSD 
Medical School, the Chargers opened training camp at 
Warren Field. and people went to the beach .. . lots of 
people went to the beach. See cover slory, page 3. 

News: A look at the latest alternative to the University Bookstore. 
counesy of three enterprising students. 

Opinions: The Guardian looks into the Regents' most recent 
contribution to the illegal alien controversy. plus letters to the 
editor and a commentary on the conflicts between students and 
some on-campus employees. 

Perspectives: An American Embarrassed continues through l..es 
Pyrenees, Bologne-Sur-Gesse and Venice, plus a "writer's i"fookat 
etiquette in the UCSD lecture hall. 

Sports: Triton water polo looks d ominant in the early going, but 
women's volleyball stumbles in the La Verne Tournament Also, 
"An Olympic Dial)''' continues. 

Et cetera: The Weekly Calendar, the AS Bulletin, and a list of 
distribution points for the Guardian (page 24). -

new era in the diagnOSiS of disease ," 
said Roben Berk. chairman 01 the 
Department of Radiology. 

MagnetiC resonance imaging employs 
a combination of magnetic fields, rad io 
waves and sophisticated computer 
technology 10 produce unsurpassed 
images of inte ral organs. 

The new machine will cost $2 millio n 
and be three times as powerful as most 
exist ing machines. Berk said . 

o 
Today marks the kick-o fT o f 

CalIforllla Wome n's Voter Registra tion 
\Ve~ k . which will fea ture o n -campus 
appeara nces by several loca l polIticians 
and polttlcal t:andid ate~ . 

Mayor Roger Hedgecock and past 
preSident of the National Organiza tion 
for Women (NOW ) l ucy Moore will 
grace the steps of Revelle Plaza on 

Thursday. as will Califo rnia Senator. Jim 
Ellis. 

In addition , l.JJcy Killea, San Di~ 
Assemblywoman candidate. will be 
speaking on the gym Sleps today. 
T uesday wiU feature Dick Carlson, San 
Diego Mayoral candid a te and James 
Conole, who is running for the US 
Congress on the Libenarian ticket. 
speaking in Revelle Plaza. Finally on 
Friday Bob Simmons, US Congressional 
candidate . will deliver an address on the 
gym steps. All appearances are 
sc heduled for noon. 

The purpose of Women's Voter 
Registration Week is to increase the 
number of women voters and to inform 
the public of various women's issues 
that will be affected by upcoming 
elections. 

P1.tNA ./IVG;!' aty 9f,,4', JANE5 IW.PH PAPP 
~ b,TOL.' P~L WILLON A No(f~ ~s &I'N~ 

-~/.vnAJc. ~$ 81,.: ~LAPIN 
OP.WIONS &noa: JOE DEStOERIO ~."ftTl~ Eiw" .... 

~,.s QtTW(L.' JEFF SAVAex. ~'7t> &t'78R,: I\OB 
~"&,,.: ANDREW KEEl£R ~OCfffIY'" 

...... ...... .. ...... .. .... .... ............ .. ......................... .. .... .. .. .. .. .. .... .. _ ....... .. .............. .. .. .. .. .. ...... .. .. .............. .... ......... ......... .. ........ _ ... .. 

blA'H'C. I1'4TIJ?S: JOHN ASHLEE. MARK ~LEY, STE\E ~I~ 
pttO~.£.S : MARK JOHNSON, RiOt PICJAK 
.5MFf." c-M e1'fts .. lANCE OERNMD, £1HAN flINT. _,:" 

RONA HU, RODERT LICM. MCKta JM1a, 
............... .. .. .... .. . . .. . ............. .. .... .. .. . .......... _ .. .. .... .... . 0 .. . . .. ...... .. . . .. . ............................. .......... _ •• - .. , ................. , _ ••••••• _ ....... oO!Ii 

~~'" .. VP', JOHN ASHLEE, PAU. FAA~ KANA SPENC;ER 
"V~_TT~! JOE DESIDERIO, JAN ~5EN, ANGGIE lAPD, PHUP ~1111 
.J"~/N£. '*"'~~: CHRIS MILKE, PETER MciRlENSEN, PEtER HoFFNNf' 

Monday. Se pt. 24. 198'1 3 

Astronauts, Olympians and cheerleaders 

Since you've been gone-UCSD over the summer 
By PHIL WILLON & LISA LAPIN 
"I lOVE IT HERE ." said Tony 

Milchan about his time spe nt at 
UCSD this past summer. No, 

Tony wasn't a summer school student 
studying genetics; he was one of the 
300 handicapped panicipants of a 
Special OlympiCS training j3rogram that 
was held at UCSD. 

Tony's was only one of the numerous 
special groups that came 10 the campus 
while most students were away busily 
not studying. The dorms and classrooms 
played host 10 Olympians. astronauts. 
the Chargers . multitudes of enthusiastic 
cheerleaders, the USC band , and 
summer campers. 

p rofi t organiza tion tha t promotes and 
admimsters the Special Olympics in the 
state . 

Nearly 100 athle tes, ranging in age 
from the ea rly tee ns to the 40s and 50s . 
panicipated in each ca mp. Eac h sported 
aquamarine T-shirts silk sc reened with 
Carl's Jr. logos as they moved about our 
campus. The fast-food cham raised 
$ 170.000 for the camp by selling 
co mmuter mugs. 

Followmg the motto "l et me win , but 
if I cannot win. let me be brave in the 

. attempt." the athletes swam in the 
Canyon View pool. ran on the Warren 
t rack, played basketball , volleyball and 

The fo ur men and twO women spe nt 
a wee k on cam pus practlcmg on 
equipment which will test the effec t o f 
weightlessness on the human lung. 

"This is completely unknown" 
terntory." said West. "We all feel we are 
pioneers in the medical fi eld ." 

West's researc h is important fo r twO 
reasons: It will help the National 
Aeronautics and Space Ad mini tration 
(NASA) determine how the body 
functions of the ir astronauts will be 
alte red by zero gravity, and it will a lso 
provide va luable information about how 
10 diagnose and treat lung diseases in 
humans. 

human and ammal experi ments while in 
space. 

West is a lso known fo r his work on 
pulmonary functions at high altitudes. 
He led a researc h expedition to Mt. 
Everest in the fall of 1981 and collected 
important medica l data on the slopes of 
the world 's highest mountain . 

* * * 

Spirit and enthusiasm whipped 
through Southern California faste r than 
Julianne MacNamara on the parallel bars 
during the Summer Olympics. and the 
atmosphere at UCSD was no exceptio n. 

Muir Field was swamped with adolescent high 
school girls screaming, "How funky is your chicken?" 

After the astronauts left UCSD, 
an other group of sp ace cadets landed 
o n campus: hundreds of cheerleaders 
from around the West. It was quite a 
sight-Muir Field swamped by 
adolescent high school girls sc reaming, 
"How funky is your c hicken? How loose 
is your goose]" m unison. 

Barbara Prewett. coordinator for the 
troup. said the girls had a good time (at 
a cost averaging $120 per cheerleader 
for three days) and enjoyed the facilities 
that the campus provided. 

Our La Jolla campus not only played 
host to several fo re ign Olympic teams as 
a pre-OlympiC p ractice ground. but the 
Revelle campus became ho me to a 
special group of athletes w ho had 
golden moments o f their own . 

In mid-August. 85 developmentally 
disabled and retarded athletes gathered 
for a week of spons training as 
'preliminaty experience for the Special 
Olympic Games. UCSD hosted three 
S\.Immer sessions, and UC Berkeley 
hosted three for the Nonhern California 
regio n . 

The athletes were housed in the 
Revelle donns in the program sponsored 
by Carl's Jr. and conducted by the 
Califo rnia Special OlympiCS. Inc .. a non-

floor hockey in the gym , and played 
soccer at Muir Field . 

While at UC5D, the group gOt much 
local auention from San Diego 
newspapers and television s tations. 
since the 1984 Summer Games had JUSt 
ended in Los Angeles. 

* * * The six future astronauts of Spacelab 
IV also descended upo n the campus in 
early August, marking the UCSD Med ical 
Sc hool's fi rst pan icipation in a space 
project. They came to prepare fo r a 
respiratory experiment designed by 
UCSD pulmonary expert Dr. John West. 
and will comple te the project when 
launched in Januaty 1986. 

ACADEMIC 
INTBINSHIP 
PROGRAM 

----_ ... 

APPLY NOW PO. 
WINTD INIDNSBlPSI 

NOIA7 Is the time to ataJt thInIdnIl about a WInta. SpIna, or SUMMER 
INIElUfSHIP In WASHINGTON D.C. We can amulQ« pIN emenl and plush 
UC IpOIIIONCI hou.lnQ with Intana &om II UC campa.. Elm up to 12 
cmIIa 01 adt. PoIItcal. ~ COIIIIIIUDIc:at aad many other 
",-.. 1_ au • 'ok IneaIl with SeMDs, In eoa,ra.. and In such 
.,..lMla .. Ito.e Ways and ¥-N. Supator Court 01 WIIhIntlon 
o.c.. U.s.,,,, 111. Couat. Haadf!al eo..aI. CaJllll'l'''' lor PdltIaIl Ja,hta 
aad ~.... IlION. AlIo. pUd ..... um, piJamel\ta with IIaItIn 
M ..... 

....MID 
dil ..... 80iftDll Alcohol rNa .... at ,........ AudloIotIY Md 
SII II ch hIbaIoft. Orthopedlc:a ... PwpchWry. 
U8itaMm BOIPIDI.a WOIk wtIh IrIdhkIUIII dodora Oft ......a 
pqece. Ill .... 8UCh .... IIOCI ..... erdocalDalotlY. Iwme'DiotY. 
oae aloft. DeUI08dltw:C .. ,..a. paIhaIoft • .-ycbtllrlc ........ 
COMMD ICIINCB • ING 1 .• 141' 
........ Implement compuIa p,.."" aoIMN. etc. Work with 
...... III caeudl and dafan, both In JDlchanIcaI Md eIectrtaI 
.... am,. 

COIlllUNlCATlONS 
CIIAIIDI.I .. 10. 31 • 15: wdIIntI ........ vtdeo production. pubic 
NJadonl, ~ 1lCWWI11IIa., at ...... tIrma _ r .......... (LA 
l1ma, PhIIIp.-Ramley). Many men IntImshIpa avdabkt 

"Gravity causes inequality of blood 
and air flow," said West. "It also affects 
the size of the lung's (expansion) and 
the blood Oow." 

So me lung diseases whose treatment 
may be aided by the study include 
emphysema and tuberculosis. 

I'm really exci ted about the mission ." 
said astronaut Dr. Francis Gaffney. 
"We're going to learn a 101 abo ut how 
the lung works." 

This will be the first Space\ab 
ded icated 10 research in the life 
sciences. The astronauts, all involved in 
the medical field . have been involved 
lvith training sessions around the 
country. pre paring 10 carry out 18 

WBArs AN ACADBllIC 
INTIINSIIlP7 
Vou can work In a career-reJated. 
off-campua pJac:cmmt and eam 
credit throUIlh the Academic 
IntemIhlp Prosram. 
G.aa practbI apatuc.L.. 
AppIywbat1Qtl .................. 
cia noaa.., 

CIIecII oaI .... '..... IIII 
"'·01 hCNdM. 

It'a a valuable academic 
apatcDce. Voul wodl wIIh a 
r.cutty ad,.. In dneIopInQ a 
III larch papa topic ad In.....,. 
.,. .. your 1ntaa8hIp. Each 
plKe1Dlnl Is conwIated to your 
major and deal,ned to 
mmple ..... your aceciemk: wodL 

ur.DIUUIA 

The pom-pom girls had no run-in 
lvith any of the college men on campus 
at the time. Nor were there any raids on 
Tioga Hall. where they were staying, 
thanks to the tight security on the 
building. 

* * * 

Going from pom-por:ns to footballs, 
W arren Field was punished by the San 
Diego Charge rs during the entire month 
of August. Their visit kept UCSD in the 
news. along with keeping an unusually 

> CONTINUED ON PAGE 6 " 

BOW MANY BOUltS A 
wmmDOIWOD? 
Most students work 10 hOW'! a 
week for 1 or 2 quarters. Some 
work 20 or 30 hours a week. 

BOW MANY UNItS O. 
CltEDIT IS IT POSSIBI.! 
TO BUN? 
From 4 to 12 per quutcr. to a 
mulmum of 16, 

WHO IS BUGIBLE? 
Any UC ItUdcnt with a 2.5 GPA 
who bu CMtplelild 90 units. 

BOW DO I JIDG) 
A JIlACIMIHi , 
We lad OM-oI' you can deVlllop 
your own. 

au.1D'.a15 
JIOa Mea IDO. 

....... CAIIPUS 

Wadi Oft IIIU8eUfIl dIapIays. pphIc cfaIaD. Lam II piOdudIon • ..,..... 01 
a wudcInt Ibea .... 
....1AW 
WOIk will IIIdIvIcIuaI lwfCN .nd ..... lima In ~ c:ua, 
........ will IIIII wdIbiC ......... to CIOUIl 
SOCIAL SBIVICBS 
Ifteem wtth sd* • pdvatII .............. cIIIat popMtbw 8UCh M: 
Inrntnc cftaebW, pbyaIc:dy bandlc:apped. vk:IImI of Incal. child .... 
batIcred women. dIItuIbed ~ICI"" 

• 



4 MonJll)" Sept 24, 1984 

Regents out · of line on illegal alien issue 
Last week, the UC Regents voted to allow illegal aliens to attend UC 

schools as out-of-state residents, regardless of how long they have been 
residents (physically but "unofficially") of the State of California. 

However, the Regents also vowed to do everything they can to grant 
residency to illegal aliens, reversing the 'position they had taken earlier 
only to remain in line with the California State UniverSity and 
Community College systems, Legally, the University of California is an 
autonomous organization, and, unlike the other institutions, could admit 
illegal aliens who meet the "length oC stay" requirement as in-state 
residents. 

In the University's eyes, anyone who resides in the State of California 
for one year qualifies as an in-state resident and is not required to pay 
out-of-state residence fees of approximately $1,000 per quaner, or 
$3,000 per academic year. 

The Regents want to grant resident status to any illegal aliens who 
have resided in this state for a year. Their reasoning might go like this: 
"These individuals who are living here as de facto but not de jure 
residents are being deprived of the usual rights of California residents. 
Also, these individuals are. in many instances, the ones who really want 
a university education but are not able to afford the additional $3,000 
each year for out-of-state fees. Therefore, it is not only discriminatory 
but immoral to deny them in-state residency." 

Morally (ideally), impeding the pursuits of education is akin to 
contentedly carrying a bag of groceries past a starving man. The UC 
Regents' educational goals are aCmirable. and are not at issue here. 
However, the legal and financial implications of their position could 
steer the University in a dangerous direction. 

At issue are a host of questions regarding the rights of illegal aliens 
and the limits of the obligation of a state to proVide for the welfare of 
the people residing in it, This discussion is concerned with the Regents' 
decision under the follOwing constraints: Illegal aliens are here illegally, 
and are not recognized as citizens by the federal government; as "non-
citizens" these individuals are not provided for under many of the 
nation's laws. \ 

The first problem with the Regents' decision is a definition of tenns. 
illegal aliens are, by law, not legal residents oC California or the United 
States. Fair or unfair, that is their current status. The UC Regents, in 
attempting to give illegal aliens the rights of residents of California, are 
presupposing reSidency in the United States, They are ignoring a basic 
question: How can an individual who is not a resident of this country 
qualify as a resident of this state? Or, put another way: Is state residency 

not a subset of federal residency? 
Getting away momentarily from the issue of legality, let us assume' the 

UC Regents get their way and grant in-state residency (0 the illegal 
aliens who qualify based on their length of physical residence in this 
state. At this point, there would be no reason to deny these individuals 
financial aid, If we are dealing with rights, and we concede it is their 
right (0 attend UC as in-state reSidents, then is it not also their right to 
receive financial aid to pay for their schooling? 

But who will foot the bill? The federal government, never having 
admitted these individuals as citizens, will not make federal funding 
available. Now it will be up to the UC, which accepted these students as 
residents in the first place, to find funding. Since only state and private 
funds would be left, and these funds do not grow exponentially, the 
demand for financial aid will surpass the supply, leaving someone out in 
the cold. 

If the state agrees to provide for illegal aliens (take a quick poll of 
your neighbors and friends and see if they would give it the OK), this 
would put an inordinate burden on the state funds that were not slated 
for additional recipients. The result: less funding for natural and 
naturalized citizens. 

If this sounds like a cold, calculated point of view, that is unfonunate, 
but this is an issue that must be addressed: At what point should we 
draw the line concerning the rights of illegal aliens? Education costs will 
continue to go up, and giving resident benefits to "non-persons" who do 
not contribute to increased funding for the University can onlv 
accelerate the pace. . 

Returning to the question of legality, the Regents' attempts to make 
University education more accessible (0 these individuals can only 
subven the effons of the organizations in this country trying to control 
an already out-oC-hand immigration problem. If refonns need to be 
made in the immigration laws and quotas, then we should rally towards 

~hat goal; making illegal immigration more attractive by touting 
mdependence from the laws impedes progress and rational reforms of 
these laws. 

Finally, the Regents' acceptance of illegal aliens as state residents only 
selVes to make the laws, and their enforcement, appear criminal. By 
vowing to classify illegal aliens as in-state residents, the Regents are 
promoting infighting with the Immigration and Naturalization Service. 
The bad blood that will result will haunt them (and us, as subjects of the 

> CONTINUED ON PAGE 6 > 

ll<ellitcerr~llcellitcelf~ll<eilit<elf~llcetttt®rr~n<etttt®lf~ll~('dtcerr~n<efrfr<elf~ll~frfr~lf~nceilitcelf~ll~frfr~lf~n~ilit~Ir~n~ 
frcelf~lettersllcellit<err~nceilitcelf~ll®tttt<err~ll<etttt~lf~ll<ellit<elf~ll<efrfrcelf~n~frfr<elf~ll(f;ilitcelf~llcefdt~lr~n<eilit<e 
If ~n <eilit<elf ~ll <eilitcerr ~ll ceilit®lf ~.ll ceilitce If ~ nee tttt <elf~ II cettttce If ~ n <eilitcerr ~ll ce frfr<elf ~ n <eilit<elf ~ll <eilit<elf ~ll <ellit<eJr 

n®frfr~rr~llceilit®lf~n®ilitcelf~ll®tttt®lf~n®frfrcelf~ll®ilitcelf~n<eilitcelf~ll<efrtt®lf~ll®frfr<elfll<efrfr®lf~nceilit<elfllceft 
Bookstore Blues 
Editor. 

Some of the employees at the 
University Bookstore seem to forget that 
the stud ems who buy books there 
should be accorded the counesy that 
the customers of any business expect to 
receive. 

Last spring quarter, for example, I 
brought a course book to the return 
counter. The date on the receipt had 
been mismarked by the cash register 
and showed me having bought the book 
early in wimer quane r. The woman 
handling the return almost screamed at 
me, ·Why did you buy it so early?" 
when she saw the date on the receipt. I 
hadn't realized that the date was wrong, 
but I could have established that I had 
bought the book after the date on the 
receipt The book was not in the store 
in the early part of the winter quarter. 

This summer, I was looking for the 
textbooks for Chinese Studies 2 I. I saw 
the books for Chinese Studies 11 and 
12, but not those for 2l. I asked a 
Bookstore employee workmg in that 
aisle if she knew where the books for 
CS 21 were. She first ignored my 
question . When I asked it a second 
time, she first responded with a 

withering look and then showed me 
where the books for CS II and 12 were. 
She did not try to conceal the fact that 
my question had greatly irritated her. 
When I pointed out thtat CS 12 is not 
being olTered this quaner (it is always 

given winter quarter), her response was 
essentially, "I don't know nothing, I just 
work here." I considered asking 
somebody else at Course Books if the 
books for CS 21 might have been 
mistakenly marked as those for CS 12 

but decided not to, thinking that I 
might again be treated like a 
bothersome idiot. 

I am nO( the only one who I1as been 
treated tudely at the Bookstore. My 
brother, who is not a regular UCSD 
student, was looking for the book for 
Math 2EA before the summer session. 
He told someone at Course Books that 
he couldn't find the 2EA book. She told 
him, "You're obviously looking in the 
wrong placc· and offered him no help 
in finding the book. 

I think two things would help to put 
an end to surliness on the part of some 
Bookstore employees. First, the 
Bookstore management ought to remind 
employees that cUStomers should be 
treated courteously. Rude employces 
should be fired , Second, students who 
are angry about the way they are 
sometimes treated at the Bookstore 
ought to try to find their course books 
at other places. They could look for 
used books at ReveUe Bargain Books or ' 
ask \heir professors to order books 
through.a store other than the 
University Bookstore. Some professors 
already do this through Groundwork 
Books. 

George Ktlly 

Can I help yOU ... ? 
By JOE DESIDERIO, Opinions Editor 

This commentary is devoted to the 
on-campus employees to whom I have 
been rude, cun, shon, uncooperative, 
difficult or obnoxious (or some 
combination of the bunch) over the past 
three years (l can recall twO, well maybe 
three instances, tops). 

I really did not mean to lose my 
temper with you. I don't do it very 
frequently, and I hate myself for doing 
it. 

I needed your signature, some 
information or some general help- I 
forget what I even came to you for-and 
you were having a tough day. I sensed 
it. My voice became more strained, as 
did yours, my patience decreased with 
each second, as did yours. Then it 
happened- we both exploded, and we 
bOlh immediately regretted the entire 
confrontation. I left, grumbling about 
inconsiderate campus employees, while 
you cursed students who keep getting in 
your way at work. 

When I gOt home and cooled off, I 
came to a few conclusions about the 
whole scene. I thought of writing them 
down and sending them to you, but I 
didn't know who you were and where 
you lived (maybe it was lucky for you at 
the time). Now that we 're both a little 
older and a 101 calmer, I'd like you to 
hear them, 

I was wrong to behave like a child. I 
am at this school to mature and 
progress into the adult world , and there 
I was acting like a 12-year-old (probably 
younger by your estimate) who couldn't 
get what he wanted , when he wanted it. 

On the OIher hand, I did nO( come to 
you looking for trouble. I am almost 

always a rational , easy-gOing person. But 
there was something about you that day 
that set me off. The moment you 
decided that I was put on this planet 
JUSt to make your life miserable and the 
moment I decided the same thing about 
you probably occurred within a few 
hundredths of a second of each other. 
Small world .... 

One thing I thought about when I was 
OUt of comact with you was the 
frequency of problems you have with 
students. You are in a "high-ViSibility" 
position , often in contact with students, 
some of whom can be difficult to deal 
with. 

Then I began to wonder, "If each 
student had one confrontation per 
academic year, what would that work 
out to?" By a very rough estimate, I 
figured that 4,000 employees (a little 
more than one third of the 11,000 or so 
on-campus employees) would be 
involved. With more than 13,000 
students at UCSD, this would work out 
to between three and four tete-a-tetes per 
year, bener than one per quaner. Kind 
of like final exams .... 

The next thing that crossed my mind 
was how much I disliked final exams. 

And that brought me right back to my 
"encounter" with you. 

I realized that I will have to interact 
with you for my stay here (five years, 
give or take a quaner) just to get the. 
day-to-day school chores done. But you 
will have to deal with me for your entire 
career. My name and face will change, 
along with my UCSD 1D number, but it 
will still be me. 

I will have final exams, temporary 

• • \ STUDENTS, ALUMNI, FACULTY 
AND STAFF, .. 

JOIN YOUR UCSD FRIENDS 

ON THE HUMP 
Friday, Sept. 2 

aWEs BAND BEGINNING AT 5:00 PM. 
BRING A PICNIC OR BUY FOOD THERE 
FROM V.lP. CHEFS. 

GOLD MEDAL REMATCH OF THE 
NCAA DMSION 1111982 CHAMPIONSHIP 
FEATURING THE BLUE/GOLD TRITONS OF 
UCSD VS. THE UNIVERSITY OF LAVERNE AT 
7:15 PM IN THE GYM. 

Witness the Birth of UCSD's Mascot .. , 
Like None Other in the World. 

·no mistake ... 
it's 1I.IiI.F .. 
BLUE/GOLD 
INCREDIBLE FRIDAY 

Monday, Sept 24, 1984 5 

obstacles in the path of happiness, for 
only a few years. But you wiU have them 
as long as things between us remain as 
they are . 

But what can we do to change the 
war it is? 

As in any other relationship , some of 
it is up to me, some of it is up to you 
and some of it_ is up to both of us. 

For my pan, I will try to realize that 
you are as human as I am, subject to the 
same natural disasters and twists of fate. 
I wiU keep in mind the fact that you can 
not, however much you would or would 
not like to, drop everything you are 
doing to answer my question within the 
next five seconds. When you have a 
bad day, and it begins to show, I wiU try 
to back off rather than antagonize you 
and provoke a showdown. 

For your pan, realize that I am as 

,,/, .' i~ ;:;' .~-
. \ I ~ 10 \ 

human as you are. Three midterms, one 
monster program, twO aU-nighters and 
one household emergency in a single 
week can reatly get me on edge. If I am 
confused about something (remember, I 
am here to learn), instead of treating me 
like an idiot or an inconvenience , try to 
put up with me. It just mIght make my 
day. 

The thing for both of us to do is 
imagine the potentiaUy volatile situation 
from the other person's point of view. 
You become a student for a moment 
and I will becom{. an employee. I will 
realize that you are not sitting around 
waiting for me to happen to you, and 
you will realize that I don 't wander 
around harrassmg as many people as 
possible within the span of a college 
career. 

I really hate final exams, don't you? 

" -s= ~--------~--~~~------------------------------------I ~ 
"We could do this real easy, or we could do this real hard ...... 

University Events Office presents 

You cSt a guest are invited to a S~cial Advance 
Screening this Friday, Sept. 28th, at 8:00 p.m. 

in Mandeville Auditorium 
Pick-up Free passes at UCSD Box Office today! 



6 Monday. 5.:/)( 2~ . J 91N 

Regents 
< CONTlNUED FROM PAGE 4 7 
UC kingdom) and . in the long run, the 
individuals they are trymg to assist. Two 
reasons come to mind: The Regents' 
defiance of the Immigration laws will 
work agamst them when it comes time 
to revise the immigration laws; and the 
entire controversy will hurt the 
individuals whose education is at issue 
by fostering ill will among those who 
have little tolerance for illegal aliens 
under the current conditions. 

The UC Regents are trying to provide 
for (and make a political point about ) 
the educational rights of illegal aliens 
residing in this state. However, there are 
other methods that might anain the 
same end with far less friction. For 

example, the passage of laws allowing 
for temporary aid for these students, 
pending changes in immigration laws, 
or further educational programs in 
conjunction with the University of 
California and the COuntries of origin 
would both serve the best interests of 
these srudents. Or, of course, the UC 
Regents could work at making 
reasonable changes in immigraoon and 
naturalization laws to help ease the 
original problem. 

This is not an issue of xenophobic ' .. 
denial of a group's nghts. It is a matter 
of defining the rights of that group, a 
group of "non-persons " Rather than 
working so diligently to undermine the 
intent of the immigration laws (and the 
effortS of I S workers), the UC Regents 
should explore other alternatives to 
make a University education more 
acceSSible. 

THE FUTURECOPY PLACE 
WELCOMES BACK 

STUDENTS" FACULTY 

4 1/2( 
Mon. - Thul'l. 

fri . 
sat. 

·Sun. 

Self SeNice Copies 
Sam - Spm 
Sam-6pm 
10 am -5 pm 
12 noon -5 pm 

SALE PRICE 
$99.95 

14K gold - $25 off 
SlLADlUM·COLLEGE RINGS 

457-3775 
aa55 Villa La Jolla Dr. 

(Near Ralphs. $Qy.()n) 

'/bur college ring is now men afIordabIe than 8*- Save on !WI ilCllldlJle 
variety 01 SiIadium ring styles with custom fealUl88 that • .."... yow ..... 
~ achie.emeu ... Each SIIadium ring ~ CUS10m made, wiIh C8I8fuI anen-
lion to debIII. And every ArtCarved ring 18 backed by 8 Full UfeIlme 'Ner. 
ranty. Don't miss out. II's the per1ecIlime to get 8 beautiful buy on • great 
ooIege ring. See your ArtCarved representative 800n. 

September 20-26 
October 22-24 

Nowmber 26-27 

Summer 
at UCSD 
-: CONTlNUED FROM PAGE 3 < 
large {lumber of Porsches, Mercedes and 
BMWs in the parking lot near the 
Warren dorms (where they were 
staying). 

'" '" * The real athletes who stayed on 
campus this summer were the Los 
Angeles Olympians. The teams included 
the British swi m team and the Ita lian 
judo and fencing teams. 

On why they chose to stay at UC 0 
before th~ir competition , Lene Hartman , 
who coordinates aU summer groups, 

said, "They didn 't want to go up to LA 
because it's so confined up there-so 
much security. There's much more 
freedom down here: 

Another Olympic team that showed 
interest in UCSD was the Russian 
squad. But, as luck would have it, th ey 
never showed. 

'" '" '" Among all these big-named groups 
were the little tots going to 
summercamp. There was Camp Drop 
'em alT. a day camp that featured many 
I.lf our student lifeguards and PE staff, 
along with some kids who were trying 
to lose a little of their excess body fat. 

Because of these summer tenants, . 
students will save more than $100 on 
their on-campus housing costs during 
the year. The visiting groups also aDow 
Univers ity employees to work year 
around . 1m 

--- -- - ---~-~-- --- - -- - -

UNCIL 
Council Travel Services 

WINTER TROPIC SPECIALS 
7-night packages 

M.AZ41\AN FROM $136 
HAWAII FROM $359 

DOUBLE OCCUPANCY, INCWDING 
AIRFARE, Hom AND TRANSfERS 

PLEASE STOP INTO THE STUDENT CENTER 
OR CALL 451-0630 

-- -----~--- -~-- ------ ------

The 
Student 
Center 
Food Goop 

All interated in 
becomina a member 
of the Food Co-op: 
Orientation Meedoc 
TUeL. Sept. IS. S:OO 
and Thun. Sept. 17. 
S:OO at Food Co-op 

Your non .... profit ~urce 
of groceries and 

snack foods 

fruit juices 
trail mixes 
organic produce 
fruit bakery goods 
nuts bagels 
dried fruit croissants 
teas cheeses 

dairy products 
ice cream 

sodas 

In the Student Center 
South of Mandeville Auditorium 

Hour.: 
Monday .. Priday ................. 9:00 to 4:00 

Monday, Stpt. 24, 198'1 7 
N€~ 

',N • -:«.of , • v <-~- "'; , .' • .. • ... .;.-~. • 0) ~. • 

Driving down the cost of books 
By LISA lAPIN 

UCSD does not offer an 
entrepreneurship course that teaches the 
art of fulfilling a demand, but some 
students on campus seem to have the 
natural gift. 

This quarter three very enterprising 
and very b'roke UCSD students saw a 
need and have embarked on a business 
to fiU it that is already a local success-
KB Books. They are not business majors, 
or even from the same coOege, yet they 
organized and funded a partnership 
that is legaUy operating, seUing 
textbooks at discount prices to eager 
students. 

Last spring, Bookstore lines and costs 

had frustrated Ken Appel just one too 
many times. He complained to friends 
and fellow students, but there seemed to 
be no way around purchasing his texts 
through the exorbitant and 
inconvenient University channels. At 
one poim Appel even tried to find a 
way to buy his own books directly from 
the publisher. 

In Ju ly, Appel's idea became a reality 
and KB books was born. Together with 
two friends, Don Scheffler and Paul 
MartineUi. he formed a partnership and 
began selling books out of the back of 
his brown Celica last week. At ten 
percent below UC bookstore prices, the 

.-

.---------------------------------~ Unlike Others 
Professional Fee. Included 
I-Hour Service In Most C._ 

r J t I'l'!'!1 
wIIh mil ..... , till ••• "'"""" 0cIDbw e. I~ 

ZoQ NINtIt ....... :.'0'............ m On the _11'1' •• I 
"'·2277 - • . ' 

Houl'll1'uel. .... SM., 10 - 6 • CIoIed Sundll)' .ncI Monel-, G L - - - - ________ .-:w.Of9WIaMlM1MIIAD ________ ____ -.J 

Elias Hair Design 
Casual. Comfortable. Californian. 

(formerl, La Jolla 
Cuuing Compan,) 
737 Pearl St., La Jolla 
456-1170 456-1815 

New"",,,; 
760B Unda Visra Rd. 
(Mesa College DR. (/ 163) 
168-8865 

~n Itylc cue.!f-.r __ $13 (re,. $.8) 
Prec:Won IIIyIe cue. for _ $10 (l'1li. $.,) 

Dtrecdonal .-- $l5 (l'1li. ~) • 8culptund naJll (IuD _> $18 (reI'. l4o) 
Manicure 6i. padicun $15 (11!&'. $28) • Cellophane $15 (eq. $3,) 

One '-ar fadaI _ $18 (11!&'. ~) 
c.n&ee T.C.a. aul $30 ...... rauch up $30 

Sp:citJI .,ad ww. ad wirh ",lct.ud u,Iis&s tIt~ JO/.,/a. 

Wbatever Your (',.me Is ••• 
Plake Sure You Have tbe Right Class 

Tile Depatflnent of PIaIP'cal U-.tlOII, Minor 
Prog,.". wi" be ofTerl., 
n 120 Sports In America Nwr 1:00 • 1:50 
Rec Conference Roo. (Rec Gym) 
IlISIructorl Jac:k Do""" 
stadenLt wIMI. to regIMe, In tile n no clau 
81a0g'd come and enroll In tile n Of1Ice (Main 
Gym) ""til tve'y" Kott/Gerry l'Ia"q. 

entrepreneurs wiD deliver a chemistry, 
physics, EECS, AMES or math book to 
students' doorsteps. 

"We're just trying to save students 
time in line as well as a few bucks," said 
Schemer. ' We're not trying 10 be 
antagonistic to the bookstore." 

The three admit that they have had a 
hard time convincing weary students 
that they are a legitimate business. 
"People think we steal books or that we 
are some kind of underground black 
market," said Scheffler. The fact is, the 
business is completely legal , operating 

> CONTINUED ON PAGE 9 > 
Ken Appel (center) and friends have 

begun KB Books, the latest alternative to 
the University Bookstore. 

Not just to( Spanish majors only, but 'or everyone: beginners, "in between" 
students, and advanced. Put some excitemen1 into your college careet1! 
BEGINNEB06ADYNfCEQ·eo.I iuboutthe 
lime ... leCTIMler In a U.S. coll~.: S3,380. 
Price InclUdes jet round Irlp to Seville Irom 
New York, room, bo.rd, Ind tuillon com-
plet • . Government gr.nt.lnd loan. may be 
Ipplled tDWllrdl our progrlrm. 

Live with a Spanish lamily, att.nd c'-
lour hou,. a day, lour days a -". lour 
montha. Elrn !ISh,.. olc,.,11 (equivelentt04 
.. meel.,. leught in U.S. COIIegM 0Yet" I two 
yeartim.apen). Your Spenlsllltudies will be 
enhanC4ld by opponunlliel not .vellabl. in a 
U.S. cluaroom. Standardized I .. llahow our 

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -, ,tudenll'languagealclllaeuperiortostudenta 
F·5 I compl.ting IWO y • ., programs in U.S. 

I Advanced cou ..... 110. 

college vou anenG I Hurry. it tlk .. I lot of time to make .11 ar· 
rangements. 

yourn.me SPRING SEMESTER - Jan. 30 - May 29 
FAll SEMESTER - Aug. 29 . Dec. 19 

your pteHnt s t'"ll(Jdreas .. chyear. FUllY ACCREDITED - A Program 01 Trinity 
Chriall.n Collage. 

slale 
"""'_ .......... _.011 __ .... 
-'--_. lOp, For lull inlormetion - send coupon to: SEMESTER 'IN SPAIN 

• 

2442 E. Collier S.E., F-5 
Grand Rapids. Michigan 49508 

(A Program of Trinity Christi.n College) 

UC.SAN.DIEGO 

UNIVERSITY EVENTS OFFICE 
1984 .. 1985 SEASON 

CHAMBER MUSIC SERIES 
Juilliard 

Serio, Qpartet 
Guarneri 

SUinl Qpartet 
Mea 

Scrinl Q,aartet 
Emenon Alban Bera 

StriD, Q)aartec Strina Qpartec 
Series: $50.00 

VARIETIES DANCE SERIES 
New York's 

Clive ThompaoD 
Dance Comp.ny 

New York's 
8U1 T. Jonell Arnie Zane 

&. Comp.ny 

North Carolina 
Dance 'Theatre 

New York's 
Amerkan Ballet Comedy 

Theatre Flamenco 
of San Franciaco 

Series: $31.50 

From Japan Canada's 
THEATRE SANS FIL 
in "The Hobbit" 

KODO 
DEMON DRUMMERS 

&. DANCERS OF SAOO 
• 

FLYING KARAMAZOV BROTHERS 
• 

Chic·IID's 
SECOND CITY CoMEDY TROUPE 

• 
From IrdanJ 

THE CHIEFTAINS 
• 

AND MUCH MORE. .. 

TlCMETNJN· ~T£L£TN)N· 
--CALL 4SZ·4090 FOR A COpy OF OUR BROCHURE- • 



8 Mondt/y, \cpt. 24, 19tH 

Volunteers Needed 
for Acne Study 

Division of Dermatology 
School of Medicine 

Twelve week study involves daily application of 
lotion to skin and monthly visits (or evaluation. 
Volunteers are paid $50.00 for participation.. 

If interested, come to MTF 432 
(on Medical School Campus) 

on Wednesday, September 26, 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. 
or call 452,4955 or 452~84 7. 

THE STUDENT ADVANTAGE • 20% OFF 
1----------- lne sTuaeni advanTage IS THE fTNE ART STORE S 

20% DISCOUNT lor all STudenTS Now Thru 
1-__________ SepTember 30. T984 voucon save 20% on all f iNE 

ART. DRAfTING COMMERCiAl Ond TECHNICAL ort 
I--- -J'r---- _____ needs' AMer SepTember you con Slill save 20% on 

SaTurdays and 10% on weekdaysr 
Hurry now end eKpertence THE ADVANTAGE 

' P,ool 01 currenl enrollmenT IS requlled This oner 
does nOTloclude CusTom framing. Nel ITems end ------- - - ---'---f 
some r umdufe 

MEDIA 
MAJORS 
MEETING 

OCTOBER ), 1984, 2 pm 
INTERNATIONAL CENTER 

There wfll be an Informational meeting for all Media 
Majors at UCSO. The CommunicatlonjVIsuai Arts 
major Is being phased out and the Visual Arts 
Department has a new Media Major. To learn about 
how these changes affect you as a media major, 
please come October 1 at 2 p.m. In the International 
Center. Visual Arts faculty will be present as well as 
the advisors for both Communication and Visual Arts. 
Topics to be discussed Include course deletions, 
course substitutions, new courses and courses that 
have been renumbered. Refreshmenu will be served. 

- ---- ~-- - -

-=-=---=------~--=---- - ---~-=--- -~ ---:: --- ~---=-- - ----=----=----=--=-------=-

ATTEN'110N 
. 

Asian/Pac1f1c, Black. Hispanic, Native American 
and Women Sophomore and Junior Students: 

WOUW YOU LIKE TO WORK WITH A FACULTY MEMBER IN YOUR 
SOCIAL SCIENCES/ HUMANITIES MAJOR DEPARTMENT, ESTABLISH A 
ONE TO ONE MENTOR RELATIONSHIP, AND PERFORM RESEARCH? 
IF SO. WHY NOT ATIENDOUR INFORMATIONAL MEETING AND FIND 
OUT MORE ABOUT THE FACULTY MENTOR PROGRAM? 

THE MEETING IS SCHEDULED FOR THURSDAY. ocrOBER 4, 1984. AT 
3:30 P.M. IN THE SIUDENT CENTER BUIWING B (SOUTH) LOWER 
LEVEL CONFERENCE ROOM. PLEASE JOIN US. REFRESHMENTS WIll. 
BE SERVED. FOR MORE INFORMATION, CALL FAYE BRooKS-HINKS, 
ON EXT. 670~ . 

- -- -- -- --

- -

-~ -- -
- -- -

***NOTIC *** 
CORRECTION TO 
CLASS SCHEDULE: 

Frontiers of Science 138 
EVOLUTION OF THE 

UNIVERSE 
Time should be 4:00 .. 5:50 pm 

Tuesday, Thursday 
Location should be AP&M 2113 

For PHOTOS: 
Quonset 324 Warren • Sept. 17 . Oct, 12 

For CARD PICKUP: 
Cashiers Tent • Sept. 17 . Oct. 5 

Hours for 
both locations are 
8:30 am . 4:00 pm 

Staff and faculty also welcome 

For speedy service, bring your 
original ID card 

IMPORTANT NOTE: ALL UCSD libraries will 
observe Sunday, October 14, 1984 as the absolute 
final deadline for photo·ID cards. Beyond that date, 
services will not be provided without a current 
official UCSD Photo·ID card. 

Monday, Sept 2'1, 1984 9 
NE~ 

: 'J ' •• ~' J."" ¥.-' • •• J.' ...... • ........ .. #~ . J ~ pa . ........ ;-:& 

Books 
< CONTINUED FROM PAGE 7 < 
under a business license and flied with 
(he tax authorities, credentials it took 
them most of the summer to collect. 
Each also took out personal loans to 
finance the pannership and purchase 
the initial shipments of books. Over 
53,000 is invested in what Appel carries 
in his car. 

-We were able to get credit by making 
our initial orders with moner in the 

bank," said Scheffler, who spent four 
hours in the bank one recent afternoon 
while ManineUi and friend Mall 
DeTeresa scouted the classrooms. 

Appel, an EEeS major at Third 
College, admitted that time involved has 
been a problem and that he has not 
been to half of his own classes. 
Scheffler, a Warren communications 
major, is sponing a cold from juggling 
his long hours of rewrning phone caDs 
and work at the Nonhwest YMCA. 
Maninelli also works at the YMCA, and 
none have had time to hunt for 
housing. 

The rewards must be wonhwhile, 

because the group is planning to 
expand to include liberal arts courses 
next quaner, and is even speculating on 
expanding to SDSU next year. 

"It was hard to figure out what to 
order, so we stuck with jUst science 
classes to stan with. Our goal is to sell 
everything we've ordered ," said Scheffler. 

"Everything" is ten percent of the 
class enrollment, meaning thousands of 
books over all of the courses covered. 

Business is booming, especially for 
Schenk and other books that the 
campus store has run out of. "We get 
hundreds of calls, sales are good, and 
we've gOllen good response from [he 

fliers ." 
UCSD Bookstore general manager 

Paul Mares calls the project "very 
interesting and emerprising. Someone 
can always. do it cheaper and better: 

KB books can lower irs costs due to 
low overhead. While they do have 
gasoline COSts to contend with , there is 
no rent and there are no employees to 
pay. 

"We're nO( Just profit-hungry, we were 
just frustrated with the bookstore 
ourselves so we know exactly where the 
students are coming from. We want to 
be an alternative (to the bookstore): 
said Appel. ~ 

ON THE HUMP 
FRIDAY 

l!!IaOOPM 

Get down to business faster. 
With the BA-35. 

If theres one thing business calculations. amortizations A powerful combination. 
students have always needed. and balloon payments. Think business. With 
this Is it: an affordable, busi.· The BA·35 means you the BA.35 Student • 
nesa-oriented calculator. spend less time calculating, Business Analyst. 
The Texas Instruments and more time learning. One 
BA·35, the Student Business keystroke takes the place TEXAS 
Analyst, ci many. I 

Its built. in business The calculator is just part NS I RUMENTS 
formulas let you perform ci the package. You also get Creating useful products 
complicated finance, a book that follows most and services for you. 
accounting and statistical business courses: the Business 
functions - the ones that Anal,st Guidebook. Business 
usually require' a lot of time professors helped us write it, 
and a stack of reference books, to help you get the most out 
like present and future value of calculator and classroom. 



The 

Academic Services 
MONDAY-FRIDAY 
- Academic Writing In Spanish es una nueva 
aaividad del Programa de Lenguas de OASIS. 
La clase est;! disenada para estudiantes de 
cursos avanzados surrgraduados r"upper-
division") que deseen perfeccionar los 
elementos gramatlcales, sintacticos, y 
retoncos del ESPANOL con el fin de produdr 
rrabajos acad~micos de calidad. "Term-
papers" asignados en los diversos cursos de 
espanol seran tambi~n atendldos en este 
taller. En USB 4070. 

8:30-4~ p.m - SIGI - System of 
InteraalVe GUidance and Information - IS a 
computer-based program of career 
information designed to help you clarify your 
values and occupational interests. For more 
information, come to Career Services Center. 
In HL 1058. 
1:30-4:00 pm - Drop-in Hours. For 
questions pertaining to career planning, job 
hunting, resume criti q uing , et c. 

~pointments may also be scheduled in the 
morning by calling Career Services Center at 
452-3750. 
MONDAY 

- Graduate School/Law/MM Advising. 
Planning on a gradua te, law or MM degree 
program after UCS07 Help with admissions 
and . application questions today by 
appointment only. Call Career Services 
Center at 452-4939 for more detailed 
information. In the Student Center 8ldg. A. 
11 :JO ~m - On-campus InteNiewing 
or/entation. If you are interested In 
partidpating in the Career Services Center's 
on-campus interviewing program this 
quarter, it is mandatory ttlt you attend one of 
these orientations before you interview. In 
the Revelle Formal Lounge. 
I :00-2100 pm ,M & WI - lhe Language 
Program Level I & " - lhis OASIS program 
focuses on the thinking skills you need to 
successfully handle the reading and writing 
tasks assigned in your courses. It is designed 
for those who want to perfect their English 
language skills. LP classes are taught by 
reading and writing spedalists and bilingual 
tutors. LP is presented by the OASIS Writing 
Center and the OASIS Reading Center. In 
usa 4010. 

I~J:JO pm - Interested in the Health 
Professions 7 Advis ing appointments 
available for career planning and pre-
professIOnal school preparation. Call Career 
Services Center at 452-4939 in advance for 
an appointment. but no earlier than one 
week. In the Student Center Bldg. A. 

1145-3110 pm -lI!1ock Interview - Seeing 
and heanng yourself on videotape can help 
put the finishing touches on interviewing 
skills. Prerequisite : InterViewing Skills 
Workshop. Call Career Services Center at 
452-3750 to make an appointment. In HL 
1058. 
4tOCHIOO pm ,M & WI - GRE Prep 
Course - lhis prep course for the Graduate 
Record Exam prCIVIdes a corrplete praaice 
exam for the aptitude test, as well as 
strategies for scoring well on the verbal, 
analytical reasoning. and math sections. 
Information about applying to and getting 
accepted by graduate schools. plus stress 
reduction tefihrllques wfll also be presented. 
Sponsored by the OASIS Center and Career 
Planning and Placement. In HSS 1128. 

TUESDAY 
- Graduate SchooI/Law/MaA Advising. 

Planning on a graduate, law or MM degree 
program after UCSD7 Help with admissions 
and application questions today by 
appointment only. Call Career Services 
Center at 452-4939 for more detailed 
information. In the Student Center Bldg. A. 
12:00-1:00 pm - lhe OASIS French 
Workshop is designed mainly for students 
who are writing papers or other class 
assignments in French. Students not working 
on specific papers. but who would like to 
perfect their writing ability in French. are also 
welcome .. The Workshop will offer a unique 
opportunity for students to edit their own 
papers, and seek construaive criridsm from 
thelf peers. It will also prOliide clarification of 
grammar. mechanics, and sentence and 
paragraph structure. Pre-writing disQJssions. 
when necessary, will be conducted in 
French. Students may attend on a regular or 
occasional basis. In usa 4070. 
1100-2100 pm - The Grammar & 
Mechanics Workshop is designed for 
students who would like to work on 
clarifying basic grammarical concepts and 
categories, and applying them in an 
extensive, systematic series of praaical 
exerdses. lhis praaice is valuable for any 
students who have problems writing the 
complex English sentences demanded in 
academic writing. An exerdse manual to be 
purchased ~ the student will be used. All 
work will be corrpleted in the context of the 
workshop. In USB 40608. 
Z:OO I'm - On-campus Interviewing 
Orientation - If you are interested In 
partidpating in the Career Services Center's 
on-campus interviewing program this 
quarter, it is mandatory that you attend one 
of these orientations before you interview. In 
the Revelle Formal LDunge. 
Z130-41OO pm - Interested in Medidne or 
Dentistry7 Drop-in advising in open sessions. 
In the Career Sel vices Center at the Student 
Center Bldg. A. 

WEDNESDAY 
9100-10100 ... - The Grammar & 
Mechanics Workshop is designed for 
students who would Ike to work on clarifying 
basic grammarical concepts and categories. 
and applying them in an extensive. 
systematic series of practical exerdses. lhis 
praaice is valuable for any students who 
have problems writing the corrplex English 
sentences demanded in academic writing. 
IV1 exerdse manual to be purchased by the 
student will be used. All work wfll be 
co"l"eted in the context of the workshop. In 
usa 40608. 
9:»11:00 ... -Interested in Medidneor 
Dentistry 7 Drop-in adIIising in open sessions. 
In the career SeMcrs Center at Student 
Center Bldg. A. 
IGlOO ... - On-campus Interviewing 
OrientatIon - If you are interested in 
partidpatlng in the career Services Center's 
on-campus interviewing program this 
quarter, it is mandatory that you attend one 
of these orientations before you interview. In 
the RNelle Formal Lounge. 

12100-1100 pm -The Spanish Workshop is 
a neIN feature of the OASIS Language 
Program. It is designed mainly for students 
who are lNrIting papers or other claSs 
aSSignments in Spanish. Students not 
working on specific papers, but who would 
like to perfect thelf writing ability in Spanish, 
are also welcome. The IJVorkshop wfll olTer a 
unique opportunit}' for students to edit their 
own papers, and seek constructIVe critidsm 
from their peers. It will also prOliide 
clarification of grammar, ~ics, and 
sentence and paragraph structure. Pre-
writing disQJssions, when necessary, ""';11 be 
conructed in Spanish. Students may attend 
on a regular or occasional baSis, according to 
Itleir needs. In usa 4070. 
1100 pm - "Markf!'table Resuml!" - Learn 
how to write an effect~ resume. Start the 
process here. then have your resume 
critiqued ~ a Career Services Center advisor. 
A !rust for on-campus interviewfng. In the 
Revelle Formal LDunge. 

THURSDAY 
- Graduate School/Law/MM Advising. 

Planning on a graduate, law or MM degree 
program after UCS07 Help wfth admissions 
and application questions tOday by 
appointment only. Call Career Services 
Center at 452-4939 for more detailed 
information. In the Student Center Bldg. A. 
10115-11110 ... - Interested in the 
He.alth Professions7 Advising appointments 
available for career planning and pre-
professional school preparation. Call Career 
Services Center at 452-4939 in advance for 
an appointment. but no earlier tha1 one 
week. In the Student Center Bldg. A. 
Z:OO pm - Interviewing Skills Workshop -
00 ~u need help in preparing for job 
IntefV1ew57 Career Services Center wfll 
provide tips on the best wi¥ to present your 
qualifications and what kind of interview 
questions to expect. In the Revelle Formal 
Lounge. 
.~ JHII - On-campus Interviewing 
OrientatIOn - If you are interested in 
participating in the Career Services Center's 
on-campus interviewing program this 
quarter. it is mandatory that you attend one 
of these orientations before you interview. In 
the Revelle Formal Lounge. 
PRlDAY 
9:00 ... - "Marketable Resu~" - Leam 
how to write an etrecti\ie resume. Start the 
pr~ here, then have your resume 
critiqued by a Career Services Center advisor. 
A ITlJst for orrcampus interviewing. In the 
Revelle Formal Lounge. 
10i15-11.. ... - Interested in the 
Health Professions7 Advising appointments 
availab~ for career plaming and pre-
pr<*sslOf1al school preparation. call career 
Services Center at 452-4939 in adv~ br 
an appointment. but no earlier than one 
\Neek. In the Student Center Bldg. A. 
1'.1. ... - On-campus Interviewing 
Orientation - If you are interested in 
participating in the Career Services Center's 
Otl -campus interviewing program this 
quarter, it is mandatory that you attend one 
of these orientations before you interview. In 
the Revelle Formal Lounge. 

Organizational Meetings Religious 
IIONIMY 
Me .... - First Pre-Dental MeetJng of the 
yell. Old iR1 new pre-dents welco~1 
Important organizational meeting -
eteaicrl5 to be dsoKCftJ. In the Revf!11e 
Ir1forrNI Lounge. 
••• AMY j' 1:1.. .... - AMES students: 
MechiIniaI Ellgilleeil9 CkJb wfll have 
orgiIIizalut IaI meeu 19 to plan seminars an 
I!II81tS. .k*1 us. learn Imf'e than you have to 
Ieam In UH 2102 
..a. "",Y 

MONDAY-PRIDAY 
IlOO pm - Catholic Mass. Sponsored by the 
cathoNc Community at UCSO. In the 
lkli\iersity Lutheran Church, La Jolla Shores 
and N. Torrey PInes Rd. 
MONDAY 
7 ..... 00 pm - MCF (Asian American 
Christia"l ~llowship/ - Are you searching 
for sometnng new7 If so, please join us for 
our IIrst meeting of the year and find out 
what God can do for you. frefreshments 
served. In the North C~rence Room at the 
Student Center. 

..... .... - The AsWI PacIfic Student 
~ INYtJ Is hailing its IIrst General 
Meeting d the quarter. Come lind out what 
NSA's dcWlg ttis quarter. Come and meet 

~ and new friends. Eve.yone is 
welcomel FOr more Info call our olrlce, 452- . 
2048. or mme bylin the North Conference 
Iblm d the Student Cerur. 

nmDAY 
J & 4100 ..... - All LOS students: First 
institute meeting of the year. Come and 
register for classes and find out where we 
will be meeting this quarter. In the LOS 
Institute House, west of TIoga Hall. 
_DNDGAY 
6100 pm - Welcoming Barbeque for new 
iR1 retuning students. SI.5O donation 
requested. In the University Lutheran 

........ - KSOT ~/on - Get 
hIoM!d with UCSD's GiIfI1lUS radio station. 
Ha\II! lJn INt* gaInhg useful experience 
and expanding ycu: rruslcaI horizons. In the 
SIudent Center Game Room. 
........ - \IVanna be a DJ.1Ifyou are sick 
d not heaffng what you want to hear on the 
radio. join us at KSOT. your campus radio 
station. It's easier thiI'l you may thinkl 
ana .... ' Is \lied.. September 26 i1 the 
Student Center Game Room. Be therel 
........ - First rnee!hg of the Radically 
IndhecI SId am d UCSO - Memberships 
and ~ IrIorrnItlon, pkJs ski 111m. In the 
RIec Co Ria ICC Room. 
IN.anAY 
7110 .... - College Republicans at UCSO 
1r1IIite)lOU to join us in pursuit of Victory in 
J9841 Support)lOU/' Republican canddates at 
all IeIIeIs d gD\Ietmtent. In the MultI-PUrpose 
Jtlom. 
SA~Y 
.... ......... - All retuning studerit 
health adIIocaIes:Attend the SHA retrain and 
n!UIiort ttis Saturday. \lie'" learn how to be a 
speakers 1U'eau. Call 452-24J9 to commit 
)OtM5eIf and to ask questions. Training Is from 
9 to ~ 30 a bag kJnctl. Seeyou there. 
In the Service Center. 

Church, across from ~Ie College. 
10100 ..... - Candlelight Mass. Sponsored 
by the Catholic Community at UCSO. In the 
chapel of the lkliversity Lutheran Church. 

n_DAY 
NDon-1 pili Curious about the 
SPONGE771 leam more about it and other 
methods of birth control at the Sirth Control 
InformatIon session. It's confIdential informat~ and provides you a chance t~ 
discuss birth CX>ntroI, sexual health and 
services. At the Student Health Lounge 
lupstairs/. 
ZIOO-3.. pili - Gay/Bisexual Men 's 
Group - This is an on-going conlldential 
support group for men questioning their 
sexuality. as well as those identified as 
gay/blsexual. Meets weekly for 90 mInutes. 
M on-going time will be chosen at the first 
meeting. For more Inbnnation. call Steve 

Br~. facilitator, at 452-3755. Open to 
UCSO students. In Hl 100J. 
WB)NDDAY 
- New on campus7 Want to leam more 
about birth control, sexual health and where 
to go br services 7 Join us \IIed1esday in an 
informal clsOJSSion on birth control at the 
Student Health Center 4»tairs lounge. 
Bring your lunch, your male friends, your 
female friends and your questions. 
.... , ... - - Shyness Group - Does 
anxiety wer certain sodal situations cause 
)OU to awid others or behave ~tW1 If so, 
come and meet others with similar concerns 
and learn new wi¥ to beNYe. Contact 
facilitators Dr. Steve Br~ or Undsey 
Strober!, MA. at 452-3755 for more 
inbrmation. In Hl 1003. Open to all UCSO· 
students. 

Recreation 
MONDAY 
IlOO pm - The Juggling CkJb meets every 
Monday and WeaIesday. Drop by to learn 
how to jJggle balls, dubs. rings. or to 
practice juggling skills wfltl ~low jJggiers. 
On the South Balco,¥ of the Main Gym. 
TUESDAY 
SIOO pm - Men's Soccer CkJb meets for 
everyone interested in just kicking around or 
those interested in S.D. County league 
competition. All skill levels wefcome. At Muir 
Field. 
WEDNDDAY 
8100 pm - Ski Club Welcome Back 
Meeting. All interested skiers are invited for a 
good time. a hot film, and a cool drink. In the 
Rec Conference Room. 
1'HUMDAY 

~ pm - ~ Band meets to get together 
~II rlterest~ musidans for the upcoming 
Intercollegiate season. All instruments 
needed: clarInets, trumpets. drums, 
trombones, saxophones. etc. Lots of fun. On 
the Rec Gym Patio. 
PRlDAY 
.100 pm - Snow Ski Club Welcome Back 

. Dance. Stop by following the intercollegiate 
VOlleyball game for great tunes and 
refreshments. In the Rec Gym. Admission 51. 

Monday, Sept. 24 1984 11 

THURSDAY 
SI4S pili - lhe Thursday Dinner. Good 
food and great co~. Sponsored ~ the 
Catholic Student Coordinators of the 
cathoUc Comrruni1;y at UCSO. In the 
Catholic lounge at the U1iverlity Lutheran 
Church . .Admission is $2 
7100 pm - S~ Break - Comejoin us for 
an exciting time of fellowship, 
entertainment, singing and insight into a 
personal relationshp wfttl Jesus Christ. 
Sponsored by Caf11)US Crusade for Christ. In 
Bomer Hall 2105. 
7.30-fIOG Pili - "Practical Witness 
Eveyday Faith: A Sible Stuc:ty on Biblical 
People." Sponsored ~ U1ited Campus 
Ministry. UCSO, and Sun House of La Jolla 
Presbyterian Church. Refreshments 
following. In the South Conference Room. 
Building 8 at the Student Center. . 
PRlDAY 
6100 pili - Cars leave for Lake Arrowhead 
Peale Experience. departing from the 
lkli\iersity Lutheran Church. <MrI'light stay 
with three ~a/s br S21, returning Saturday 

~ng. Call 453-0561. 
'SA~Y 
S:OO pm - Catholic Mass. Sponsored by the 
Catholic COll1lTlJniry at UCSO. In the 
U"liverslty Lutheran Church. 
7.00 pm - Minl-Golf and Ice Cream Social. 
Sponsored by the Catholic Studen~ 
Coorcinators of the Catholic Convnunity a · 
UCSO. In the Catholic Lounge at thl: 
U'liIIersity LutheriYI Church. . 
SUNDAY 
.. 9I1S & 11100 ... - Episcopal Church 
Worship Service: Sunday EucharistandParist" 
fellowship. In the Good Sanaritan Episcopa, 
Church. 
9:00 ... - Catholic Mass. Sponsored by the 
Catholic ComrrurVty at UCSO. In the ~Ie 
Sculpture Garden. 
10100 ... & 7100 ..... - Lutheran WOrship 
Service. In the U11versity Lutheran Church. 
across from ~Ie College. 
11100 ... - A wetcoming brU1Ch for nev. 
and returning students, hosted by ttl! 
lkliversity lutheran Church right after the 1(' 
am INOtShip hour. In the lklillersity Luther all 
Church. 
IlOO pm - Catholic Mass. Sponsored t:¥ thf 
Catholic Comrrurit,y at UCSO. In tht· 
l.)'li\iersIty Lutheran Church. 
.,S pm - Episcopal Church Worship 
Service: Folk Mass. In the Good Samaritan 
Episcopal Church. 4321 Eastgate Mall 
rintersection of Eastgate Mall and Genesee) . 

.. 



An American Embarrassed-Again 
By MARK BREITEN BERG 

The Joumey oj wille 'n 'roads contlllues 111 
lcs Pyrenees Jor aPl atypICal Al11erican 
ad\'enturer 111 part two oj tillS three-part 
senes. 

FOllOWING the overwhelming success of my "just-go-somewhere-and-see-wha t-happens" traveling 
philosophy In Bordeaux, I set out some 
I eeks later for Pau, a medium-sized 
,'illage at the foOt of the Pyrenees. I must 
confess that my phIlosophy of travel was 
shaken b), the events of this excursIon. 

Pau is a beauti ful town full of 
magnohas. flowers a nd luscious parks 
with a spectacular view up into the 
mountains. When I arnved I followed 
my usual procedure of findmg a map 
and heading for the center of town. 
French maps are not maps as we know 
them; they all seem to have been made 
by wlnemakers aJter the tasting. The 
biggest problem is that , In a noble effon 
to commemorate as many great 
Frenchmen as pOSSIble, street names are 
likely to change at every block. 
Funhermore, the concept of the straight 
ltne would seem to be Inherently absent 
from the French mode of thinking. For 
fun and amusement, stand on any street 
corner In France and ask people the 
direction of a panicular place, and keep 
track of the different responses. One 
POInt ma), be claImed for each untque 
directional tnterpretatlon , rwo if you are 
given the exact opposite path for your 
desllnation, and five POIntS are awarded 
If )'ou know you're within twO blocks 
and are still given a bus number. 

I soon found a respectable one-star 
hotel near the hateau of Henry IV In 
the old palt of tOwn. Upon entering m)' 
room I confronted the perennial 
problem of hotel visitors all over France: 
the lumpy bed . French beds, at least in 
hotels of twO or less stars, are so lumpy 
you wonder if there 's someone already 
in them . If you somehow avoid thIS 
problem, the cross slats are sure to have 
been made by Robin Hood . 

My first StOP was the dramatic castle 
of Henry of Navarre , later Henry IV and 
first king of the Bourbon hne, who ruled 
In Shakespeare's tlme . The castle affords 
a spectacular view of the valley below 
Pau and the mountains behind. As I 
began the obligatOry tour, I was 
saddened to find that the Interior was 
so outfiued to tourism that It looks like 
"Renalssanceland" up in Anaheim , right 
next to "T omorrowland" and the cotton 
candy counter. A roped-off path takes 
the VIsitor through each room of 
carefully placed and polished vases and 
furniture , while the guide with the cute 
little microphone around hiS nec k offers 
hIS spontaneous wittlcisms by rote . Four 
yea r olds took turns practicing their 
death screams, to whIch the parents 
become embarrassed, alleviating the 
problem by whacking the kids Into 
submIssion . 

Goats' cheese is a lavonte of the 
mountain towns , so I added a healthy 
pcnnon to go with my steak and local 
wme. I found an outdoor jazz and ballet 
conceit that evening, and passed a 
pleasant evening under the stars 
breathing the wonderfully fresh and 
pure mountain air. 

1 wanted to forge further into the 
mountains, so the next day I took ofT for 
Lourdes, another 20 miles up. After 
typically misreading the train schedule , I 
elected to hItchhike. You'd think I was 
E.T. from the stares I received . Three 
hours later, ~aving drained every song I 
knew and every appropriate sobriquet 
[o r the passing motorists , I returned to 

the station and took the later train . 
My ill luck at hitchhiking seemed an 

unfavorable omen. but I shrugged it ofT 
only to find a sea of blue and white nun 
dresses and black priest robes. There 
must have been half of the Italian 
church waiting in the train station. 
urely they couldn't have found out 

about the time I stole the communion 
wine from Sai nt Mark's in Palo Alto. No, 
it had to be something a little more 
imponant. Sure enough , the Pope was 
due in a few days in order to 
commemorate the 'Tliracle of Margueri te, 
the peasant woman who saw repeated 
VISions of the Virgin Mary In the 18th 
entury here in Lourdes. 

leaving the train station. I saw 
repeated visions of the Virgin , too, on a 
three-dimensional pos tcard with shifting 
e) es and a plastiC baby bottle (a rather 
confUSing incongruity). The only miracle 
was that people actually bought enough 
of this Junk to support the endless 
souvenir shops crowded on to the 
streets of Lourdes, ruining what 
otherwISe would have been a lovely 
mountain village. The Irony was that 
this magnificent town in the pocket of 
towering mountains , as close a place as 
any to feeli ng the spirit of God, had 
become a sordid array of garage sale 
Catholic rehcs and "Italia n spoken here" 
restaurants and hotels. Painfully maimed 
cripples dotted the streets with feeble 
looks of optimism, having likely 
Invested their life savings in this trip to 
Mecca to be cured by the spirit of 
Marguerite. There were more taxis than 
bicycles, more hotels than homes. 
"Cathohcland" up l\l Anaheim; 
donations only. 

I was on the first bus out of lourdes 
for Cauterets , the funhest village into 
the PyrE!nE!es. by road. As we climbed the 
mountains I noted wi th wonder the 
mcredibly steep slopes and a rushing 
rive r that must have been teeming with 
trout. I truly thought I had reached my 
Isolated paradise until I spotted an 
encampment o[ the Irrepressible 
German tounst brigade, replete with 
pastel-colored ter:ts and basking tn their 
version of the velcro generation. As we 
muved closer I noticed antennae 
cree ping out of the tents and hundreds 
of four year olds running wildly berween 
the camps. 

We pulled lOto Cauterets and I was 
Immediately struck by the fact that the 
tem perature had dropped at least 25 
degrees, and it was still only six o'clock. 
The town was filled with tourists, not 
exacdy the peaceful retreat I had hoped 
[or, but I resolved at once to transcend 
the crowds and enjoy myself. Besides, it 
was impossible to go up any funher:-the 
town itself was beautiful. A powerful 
river runs through the village, and all 
the bUIld ings are done in chalet style. I 
began wandering around in search o f a 
place to stay for the night- there were 
hund reds or possibilities-but after an 
hour or so, I began to realize that all of 
them had been booked up months in 
advance . 

Apparendy I had stumbled on one of 
the tourist paradises of aU Europe. By 
nine I was beginning to grow concerned . 
The temperature was still dropping and 
I had no idea where I was goi ng to stay. 
The last bus had left hours ago, and the 
statio n itself closed at. eight. There was, 
however, a bench in the parking lot of 
the station whic h sat directly on the 
riverside, so I figured that WIth the 
soporific aId of a big troUt dinner and 'a 
bottle of wine , I could make it through 

the night. 
After putting away a couple fresh trout 

and a lot of wine, I walked toward my 
bench (no rese rvation necessary) and 
proceeded to put on every stitch of 
clothing I was carrying: two pairs of 
pants, three of socks, three T-shirts, a 
flannel shilt and a jacket. I curled up 
peacefuUy and listened to the river as [ 
fell asleep. My last thought was how I'd 
never really needed a hotel, anyway. So 
sure of a long, uninterrupted sleep, I 
had the audacious optimism to set my 
watch alarm lest I should oversleep. 

[ didn't oversleep. At 3:30 I woke up . 
It was teeth-chattering cold and I had a 
mild hangover, and rhe "fromage de la 

Nothing. As I was stiU a little groggy, I 
thought sure I'd put it somewhere else. 
Who could have stolen it? It was 
impossible, especially in this town. I ran 
down several streets hoping to catch the 
thief in flight, but there wasn't a stir 
anywhere. 

I began to accept the [act that my bag 
had been stolen. I considered my losses: 
nothing In the way of clothes-I was 
still wearing aU of them; 1,000 francs, 
which was not too crucial; and my 
camera and journal-that was a very 
depressing thought. I had lost both my 
lOstruments for recording this trip, and 
the journal, especiaUy, represented so 
much time and work. 

~----------------------------~ ! 
region" was having a New Year's Eve 
party in my stomach. I had no idea 
what to do, but it was clear that there 
was no going back to sleep, and the 
idea of walking ghost-like around town 
until the sun came up was not 
appeali ng. Suddenly I noticed the last 
bus from Lourdes, which was parked 
nearby. When I approached, I found the 
door to the luggage compaltment 
behind the bus slightly ajar. Without 
hesitation I climbed in and discovered 
about a 20-degree rise in temperature, 
enough to allow me to faU into a deep 
sleep. 

Hours later, I heard footsteps and the 
sound of a key unlocking my door. 
Si nce it was probably not maid servke, I 
opened the doo r myself and looked out 
face-to-face at the bewildered bus driver. 
As if it had been the most normal place 
to spend an evening, I smiled, bounded 
out of the bus, and left my puzzled 
innkeeper with a quick "merci 
beaucoup ." 

It was now seven in the morning, and 
I was determined to improve my 
accommodations over last night. I set 
my bags down in front of the police 
station and walked across the street to 
the first hotel . The village was stiD 
completely asleep; in fact , there was not 
a single sign of life. 

The hotel was fuD , I learned, so I 
turned around to pick up my bag and 
try again . Aslonishment. The bag was 
gone. I ran to where I had left it, and 
looked franticaUy in all directions. 

. ~ " ............. ~ ............. ... 

. 

At first I felt as if the events of my 
journey thus far were now somehow less 
real-nothing tangible remained of the 
recem past. But at the same time I 
realized that perhaps the meaning of 
the theft was to shi ft my concerns of 
recording experiences to simply having 
and enjoying them; that I could now 
gaze at a magnificent view or mountain 
and just feel it rather than being 
burdened by the compulsion to capture 
the sight in either words or 
photographs. These were my thoughts 
as I walked to the police station to me a 
report. 

It was only 30 minutes after the crime 
when I met the junior police officer who 
was responSible for clerk detail. After 20 
minutes with him, I thought I was on 
the set of Barney Miller, French style. 
While the thief was taking pictures, 
spending my money and, more than 
likely, tossing my journal in the trash, 
this ~oung ace detective, writing 
labonously slow, had just reached 
question 20 of his fonn: "What is your 
mother's maiden name?" And he still 
hasn't asked a single question about the 
crime itself] He wrote, finally, three 
pages, then insisted on reading back to 
me the entire interview. "No, that's q-u-
i-sot, not quisp." French bureaucracy is a 
wonderful experience. 

I had just enough pocket money for 
the train back to TOulouse, and were it 
not for the French woman seated next 
to me , it would have been a very 
depressing ride. 

, 

• .. .. ..-...... 

Bologne-Sur-Gesse 
My traveling principle of avoiding all 

plans and foresight was shaken by the 
Pyrenees trip , but not replaced . I still 
maintained that the way to be a real 
tourist was to simply go somewhere that 
seemed Interesting, walk around , "feel" 
tfte place, have a beer, and then look for 
accommodations. 

In the case of Bologne-Sur-Gesse , thIS 
theory was working fine through the 
"have a beer" stage, but embarking o~ 
the next step led to rhe discovery th,t 
there were no hotels in this town. Nbt 
one. 

It was Ascension Day in France, a 
major holiday, and I had decided to 
take part in the festivities of a smaU, 
isolated town where tourism didn't exist. 
Bologne, according to an obscure poster 
I'd seen in Toulouse, was planning the 
celebration that very evening. and it 
included a fireworks display over the 
lake. I was on the bus at five in the 
evening, and arrived at 7:30. 

The town was made up of two paved 
streets and a few clusters of houses. An 
old stone church opened up to a large 
square where a band was setting up. 
There were only two cafes, both of 
which faced the stone-paved square. 
The entire town was mingling between 
the cafes and the square, about 300 
people in aU, including children and an 
inordinate number of grandmothers 
dressed only in black. There was no 
question that everybody knew everyone 
else here; I stood out as I would if I 
were in Nigeria. 

I carried with me an interview with 
the Sandinista government from 
Nicaragua which had appeared in the 
latest Playboy. My own concerns with 
American foreign policy in Central 
America felt a litde irrelevant, if not siDy, 
in this obscure, middle-of-nowhere 
town . Was the wrinkled , black-robed old 
woman Sitting in frOnt of her stone 
house worried about Reagan's policy 
toward Managua? Probably not. The 
utterly complacent provinciality of 
Bologne was remarkable to me; at the 
same time, however, part of me was 
envious at the ability of these people to 
live outside the worries and anxieties of 
global politiCS. Everyone knows that 
places like this exiSt, but it was quite an 
experience to Jeel their isolation and to 
sense the completely quotidian nature of 
their existence. 

Not only were hotels unknown to this 
town , but the only restaurant within 
miles was closed. This latter fact 
distressed me gready: It's one thing to 
sleep on a park bench , but quite a 
different proposition to do so on an 
empty stomach. I soon noticed, 
however, that there was a brocheul! 
stand on the square, so I bought a 
couple, sat down at the cafe, and 
ordered a bottle of wine. There was stiD 
the proble!J1 of where to sleep, but at 
the moment I was more concerned with 
finding the lake where the fireworks 
were scheduled. 

Around nine the entire viDage began 
to walk toward th'e outskirts of town, 
and I safely assumed they were going to 
the lake. Sure enough, I was led to a 
beautifuUy serene lake surrounded by 
trees and a large, open bank for the 
viewers. 

The show was spectacular, and 
seemed to have required the entire town 
budget. A series of launching pads was 
arranged along the oppOSite bank from 
which the fireworks were exploded both 
sequentially and simultaneously, 
resulting in an elaborate choreograph} 
that was, in relation to my Foulth of July 
experiences back in the States, clearly 
the state of the art in fireworks. 

When it was over, I foUowed the 
crowds back to Main Street still 
bewildered as to where I would spend 
the evening. But on the trek back I 
noticed a fenced-in soccer stadium and 
some inviting hay that was used for the 
high-jump pit. Waiting until the crowd 
had passed, I scaled the fence and the 

Jerml! sign looking for a bed. Suddenly 
the light sprinkling of before became a 
downpour, so I hurriedly began hauling 
bales of hay to the few covered seats of 
the stadium. In short time I had fonned 
what was probably the most comfortable 
bed I had slept in anywhere in France, 

As I began to fall asleep I heard some 
weird chirping sounds, and soon 

realized that I had laId my bed i~ a 
pia e already claimed by a noc~ of bats. 
Lightening had stalted , and the bats 
seemed to react to the fulgurations If 
they signaled the beginning o f 
Armageddon . They were in a frenzy. I 
began to consider, with more than 
intellectual curiOSity , whether or nO! bats 
bit unprovoked. I suppose it didn't 
malter, as my choices were fai rly 
limited . Weighing the situation, I 
deCIded to cover up all traces of 
tempting flesh and try to sleep. Within 
half an hour I was sound asleep and , 
except for the occasion when a nash of 
lightening and peal of thunder seemed 
to rock the stadium, passed a peaceful 
evening. 
Venice 

The middle of August meant that it 
was time to leave Toulouse and France. 
I had grown very comfortable with the 
French lifestyle and language, and there 
were good friends in Toulouse whom I 
would cenainly miss. But it was time for 
new adventures and different cultures, 
so at around' 11 pm one evening I 
boarded an aU-night train for Italy. 

As was my practice on the French rail 
system, I investigated four or five cars 
before selecting one which lacked the 
omnipresent, screaming, unruly four 
year old. french four year aIds are a 
substantial minority in that country, and 
I firmly believe that they trace their 
heritage back to the storming of the 
Bastille. Either that or they are the youth 
movement for the PlO. These demonic 
urchins are raised to believe that the 
entire world, especially trains, museums 
and fancy restaurants, exists only as 
their personal playground , and that 
those large bothersome people known as 
adults desire nothing better than to 
listen "ad nauseum" to their playful 
death screams. They were everywhere. 

Just as I thought I'd found the one car 
as yet uninvaded, one would come-
racing down the aisle oblivious to the 
old woman balanCing her tray of 
espresso and pastry. Oh , the temptation 
to slip a foot into his path! What 
amazed me more than the recalcitrant 
demons themselves was the complete 
lack of concern displayed by the 
parents. I finaUy came to realize that 
this infantile terrorism was the accepted 
stare of affairs in France. Accepted or 
not, I always felt that they could do the 
country immeasurable service by being 
shipped to Chad. 

The train to Venice pulls up directly 
in the healt of the city, and upon 
walking out of the station, one is 
immediately greeted by a picture 
postcard of the beautiful old city so 
often immortalized by painters and 
writers. I had carried around an image 
of Venice for years, and the fact of 
actuaUy standing in the midst of it aU 
was overwhelming. 

Despite all my preconceptiOns, I was 
still amazed by the realization that 
Venice truly is made Up entirely of 
canals instead of roads , and that there 
are no cars anywhere. For a Southern 
Californian, this seemed a remarkable 
achievement in transportation, and I 
wondered about the possibilities of 
turning Highway 101 into a major river 
(bumper-to-bumper gondolas?). 

I started walking around with great 
curiosity until becoming completely lost, 
which is not hard to do in Venice 
because the paths and canals are 
patterned like a maze . Around each 
comer there's a bakery or ristorante 
tucked away, and the pervasive feeling 
soon becomes one of immeasurable 
quaintness. In fact, it's hard to imagine 
that people actually live there; it seems 
on the surface utterly contrived for 
tourists, like a Disney "Old Worldland." 

And of tourists there are plenty, 
swarming the souvenir shops and nearly 
falling out of gondolas in search of the 
indispensable photograph. They aU 
seem quite travel-weary and short-
tempered, with expressions of battle 
fatigue from the perceived necessity of 
seeing five basilisques before noon and 
not having a clue as to the operation of 
the public transportation system. 
Sprawled around steps and fountains , 
exasperated parents glare at children so 
red-faced and puffy they seemed about 
to explode. Never have I seen a sorrier 

> CONTINUED ON PAGE 14 > 

Improve Your Reacling Speed <lnd 
ComprehenSion from 2 10 7 limes 

FREE INTROOUCmRY SESSIONS 
ClASSES ON CAMPUS 
Son Diego Center 
2180 Garnet Ave .. Suite 20 
Pacific Beach 92109 
(619) 270-6810 
M.l McNulty. Administrator 

l~~ CENTER 
'1"'I"UI<Ajj;""A.~, ..... '·. 1 ·.~I " W' 

1I.1i.IF. 
DN THE HUMP 

FRIDAY 
!SIDDPM_ 

OASIS WRmNG CENTER 

----A NEW SERIES OF~ 
• • • 

"EXPLORING 
ALTERNATIVE WAYS 

OF THINKiNG" . _ ..... _. -
A nine week warIahop given by 
Sarah Lopez. Department 01 
II*41c. providing opportunhtes for 
Ihe exploration ~ development 
of petSONIl expression Md point 
01 view Ihrough an .ustk 
medium 0' your choice. There will 
be group anc:Il~1 _erases. 
demoidbations and dls0d ...... at 
varlow ~ to creIIIIIIe 
Ihlnklng which will guide and 
direct parddpana to more 
e«ectIve str.tegles of thlnkJng. 
Umlted enrollment: slg~p at 
OASIS WrttIng Cemer - 4070 
usa or • the workshop which 
st.u TUesday. September 25. 
1I:3C).1:OO In the South Conferellce 
Room /oQted In Bldg_ •• SIudent 
Center and continuing fbI' the 
fbllowlng eight weeks. 

t jewel ry I collecta 
a rr 
U grove gallery CD 
-- en C 
.c. 
I (]) 

... (/) 
'U 
--

.c. 
Q. 
2 
0> 

"-en 
U 
--E· 
2 (]) 
,U 

SEPT. 28 
5-8 PM 
grove gallery 

UC Crafts Center 
Revelle Campus 



AInerican 
< CONTI UEO FROM PAGE 13 < 
lot of people . To smile at one IS 10 
imply that you've just slOlen his wallct. 
But onward they trudge, In the noble 
but misdirected PUrsUit 01 "cxperirnces" 
and "culture," and the romantic allure of 
Old Venice. 

the place always exceeds the place itself. 
I had on ly JUSt started my customarily 

sohtary dmner when I was hailed by 
threc people nearby to join them. DaVid 
was a Franco-Italian , about 30, and his 
friends wen: a gay, washed-up Israeli 
ballet dancer and a young, female 
vagabond of unknown origin. David had 
Ii ved 10 the tates In the '60s, and marl! 
or less presumed that that was still an 
.. ccurate representation of life across the 

, ocean. He del ighted in phrases like 
"blow )'our mind away," which sounded 
s llher in its Italian accentuation that its 
antiquarian . ~"'--. ./ \ 

~--..-<~ 

~~y .; Q. 

Sai nt Mark's Square and Cathedral is 
magnificent, but my lasting Impression 
will always be of the hundreds of 
picture-taking sessions of pigeons and 
IOUflStS. Packets of kernels of corn are 
sold in order to entice these vulgar 
creatures 10 pose- some SOrt of 
Venetian tradition, I was told . Most of 
the pigeons have JUSt managed 10 finish 
what is probably their eighth bag of the 
day by the time the Richard Avedon of 
Des Moines has laboriously focused his 
35 millimeter. I rather gleefully watched 
these dramas in recollection of my last 
dinner of roasted pigeon before leaving 
France. 

Our party soon grew with the 
addition of an English woman and her 
American boyfriend from California , twO 
young Italian women , a shy character 
from Denmark, and three meditatlon 
teachers from the States led by a guy 
who looked like a parody of the self-
help, pseudo-Eastern, "gct-it-together." 
laid-back movement, complete with a 
gaudy gold cham, carefully coiffed perm 
and those painfully disgusting 
"meaningful glances" so popular among 
the "enlightened." Anyway, we all ate 
and drank copiously for several hours, 
addi ng a few more passers-by, until 
David announced that it was time 10 see 
Venice 

" ~----------------------------------~--------------~ ~ 

So this was Venice , I thought to 
myself. It was far more glorious 10 me In 
books and the paintings of Tlntoreno 
and Veronese. [ began to decide that 
the obligatory, "famous"places hold little 
attraction for me-first. because they're 
so packed with people (at least in 
August), and second, because my Idea of 

Unbeknownst to any of us, he had 
already covered our entire tah ,H the 
restaurant, and was busily trying to 
commandeer one of the nearby 
gondolas. Following his success, about 
nine of us piled into one of the more 
elaborately adorned crafts with another 
five or six bottles of wine, and 
proceeded to cruise Venice until four in 
the morning. 

At some point in our drunken 

Get to the answers faster. 
With the1l-55-ll. 

What you need to tackle 
the higher mathematics of a 
science o r engineering cur-
riculum are more functions -
more functions than a simple 
lide-rule calculator has, 

Enter th e TI-55-lI , with 
112 powerful functions. You 
can work faster and more 
accurately with the TI -55-II, 
becau e it's pre programmed 

C) 1ge 1 TOll Iro!crun'lt.nt 

to perform complex calcula-
tions - like definite integrals, 
linear regr~ssion and hyper-
holies - at the touch of a 
button . And it can a lso be 
programmed to do repetitive 
problem without re-entering 
the entire formula. 

Included is the Calculator 
Decision-Making Sourcebook. 
It makes the process of using 

the TI-55-I1 even simpler, 
and shows you how to use all 
the power of the calculator. 

Get to the answers faster, 
Let a TI-55-I1 .lIs 
show you how. ~ 

TEXAS 
INSTRUMENTS 

Creating useful products 
and ervices for you. 

meandering, the pop guru decided to 
teach everyone to meditate, not exactly 
what the rest of us dissolutes had in 
mind. Nevertheless, with great 
seriousness and aplomb. he perched 
himself up on the tip of Ihe narrow boat 
where the gondolier stands, and 
assumed the yoga position. The rest of 
us were somewhere between disbelief 
and hysterics, but we decided to play 
along. We neophytes, including the shy 

E111barrassed 
Dane who didn't speak English and 
probably thought that there must have 
been hallucinogenics in the wine, 
managed various versions of the yoga 
squat, and waited for our master to lead 
us to nirvana. 

If anyone had spotted our sloshed 
UN pany in yoga positions floating up 
the main canal at three in the morning. 
I'm sure the only place our guru would 
have led us was thc local jail, but we 
were well beyond conSideration of such 
trivialities. 

Just as our consciousnesses were 
about to be raised to new heights, the 
Israeli dancer decided to relieve himself 
of all the wine and pasta he'd 
consumed , so with liltle finesse he 

leaned over the side of the boat and 
prom ptly threw up. The female 
vagabond was so revolted that she tried 
to shove him overboa rd . By now the 
boat was rocking wildly and our guru 
tipping preCipitously from side 1O side. 
David reached trantically to steady him, 
but not in time: He dropped over the 
side like a rock, with his legs still 
dutifully clenched in the lotus position. I 
thought he might just Sink, elevated 
co nsciousness and all, but soon enough 

Monday, Sept. 2'1, 191N 15 

he bobbed up to a reception of 
un ontrollable laughter. This seemed to 
be 'enough excitement for the evening, 
and by 4 am I was fast asleep to my 
little pension. ~ 

Last stopS: Rome, Florence, 
and the Oktoberfest in Munich, 
See the Thursday, Sept. 27, 
issue of the Guardian. 

WHAT EVERY STUDENT 
SHOULD KNOW ABOUT THE 

LEASING A TELEPHONE AND 
LWING A CHICKEN. 

Yes, there are differences. 
And we think you should 
know what they are. 
Ask yourself these 
questions. 

WHaYaUU ... 
CIIICDlDOYOU 

IET'IIIIIIIIIOIIIHS 
FIB liliiii1 
.... IIT 

Probably not. But when 
you lease your telephone 
frorp AT&T this fall, you won't 
pay any lease charges next summer. 
You can use your phone at home, and 
bring it ~ck to school in the fall. 

DO' lum alaas CO ••• 
se Wi .. Of COLOIS .. STYLIS7 

No. Chickens don't come in many colors. 
But the AT&T telephone you lease 
this fall comes in a variety of 
colors and three popular styles. 

." .. al.IS 
"""#&1 

Don't kid yourself. Repairing a chicken is a delicate 
process that requires the work of expensive professionals. 
However, in the off chance your AT&T leased telephone 

needs repairs, we'll fix it absolutely free when you visit any 
of our AT&T Phone Centers. 

ARE "ISID CIIICIIIS 
SHIPPED DIRECTLY 

TOY0U7 
Ship a chicken? Don't be 

silly. However, your AT&T 
leased telephone will be 

shipped directly to you after 
one call to 1-800-555-8111, 

or you can pick up your 
phone at any of our AT&T 

Phone Centers. 
_ .... QUlSllOI: DOES 
II COST 1'111 so. TO LIME 
I alCIIIIIS TO • lUI • 
'lBJllHO ..... FILL? 

Hardly. While we have no hard data 
on the exact cost ofleasing a chicken, 

we can tell you with some certainty that 
the cost of leasing a telephone this fall 

is far less than you might think. 
The decision to lease a chicken or a 

telephone, of course, rests with you. 
But should you opt for the tele-

phone, remember: you get three 
months free next summer, and you can take 

the phone home with you. There's a choice 
of colors and styles, free repair, and 
we'll ship you the phone or you can pick 
it up at any of our AT&T Phone Centers. 

It doesn't cost much either. And 
that's something to crow about. 

AT&T Conswner Sales and 
Service. To order your telephone, call 
1-800-555-8111 for delivery right 
to your door or for infonnation concern- A...-B. ... 
iIJg AT&T Phone Center locations. ~. _. 

Call The Toll Free Number Listed Above 

VIIid with the loIowinIrntrictiono: I . You mult be ",pored lor 12 occredited houri lor the 1984l1li tenn. 2. Vllidonly tOltudetllll billed by ATAT ConoumerSaie and Service. 3. Delinquent accounts are void IromG!ler, • . LiDttwo~pet 
1OOOUIIl. 5. Ofter""llirel 72111011th11rom1use initiItiondote . 6 . ThiloBerionot vllidlor __ r_-roundreoidelltltudentl. 7. The three free monilia will not beain until you have paicUorthe lint ..... lIIOIItheolyourleue. 8. AD teleDbontllre 
FCCrelioteted. We provide repW oervice "'.1H!phones IOId II ATolTPhone Centeno Only telephonelequipped with 'lbuchIone dioIinItcon OIXeIIcertIOt Ionc diollnce services and network • . ©CO\IYIWIt. ATaT c-SIIes...t Service 191M. 



• 

Lecture hall etiquette: 'Generally be rude.' 
By PHIL LAUDER 

conducted by teacher assistants. And 
that's the way it is . 

So the students go to Chemistry 6A 
and Math 2A and Biology 1 a nd 
Psychology 60 and Sociology 2A and 
discover they have become but a 
nameless face in the crowd, and a 

hell that is. So me people like to be in 
the prot's face up on the first row; these 
people include those who desire to 
become "teac her's pets ," those who can't 
see beyond 15 feet, and those who like 
to arrive late a nd create as much of a 
d istraction as possible by waltzing to the 

become a victim yourself. 
Finany, as the prof stans winding 

down his l~clUre (around a quaner 'til), 
get ready, get alen. It is time. Listen for 
the signal. Here it comes: 

"NEXT TIME WE WIll.. DISCUSS .... ~ 
That's your clue! The lecture is over. 

If you look hard, you might see him. 
Way, way down there, off to the right a 

litlk bit. Sec Ihal line oj anls minglmg 
arollnd and around at the bottom? Ya h, 
there. Sec that tiny rcctangle they're 
C(JIll/flXlng upon? No, Ihal 's nOI Jood. See 
that dOl situated directly behind Ihe 
rectanglc:? That 's the proJcssor. Right, and 
that fatang/e is his desk. Sqlllnc hard. 
Wail , the ants/ studcnts arc starring to 
move backwa rds. I thmk the proJe~scJr 's 
,hooll18 them away. That means he'll be 
talkmg soon. Grt ready ... . 

"GOOD !I1ORNING," booms tht' dOl 
through the loudspeakers. 'THIS IS CHEM 
6A WELCOME." 

It is m uc h more enjoyable to wate h the heads of 
other students bobbing up and down, lOSing the 
battle, than to become a victim yourself. 

Stan making as much noise as possible . . 
Collec t your books, rume your papers, 
get your backpac k, unzip it, put your 
books in , zip it bac k up, zip up your 
pants a couple of times, and slam down 
your fold -up desk as loudly a nd 
obnoxiously as possible. Generally be 
rude. If you don 't hear the s ignal in the 
fi rst place, take the second the clock 

One of the most dLfrIcult things to get 
used to here at UC D LS a lecture hall 
fi lled wllh 6.000 students. This is one 
aspect o f the university lifestyle that 
blow away new students, fresh out of 
high school classes of 35 at their largest. 
Th'ese students are used to knowing 
their teachers and having their teachers 
know them. In short. these students are 
used to having an identity. 

But then they come to UCSD. ow. to 
be honest. there probably is very little 
way to get nice. cozy-sized classroom 
situations throughout a universlty 
without paying an exorbltant, private-
school fee . The system for UCSD is: 
Large lecture-hall classes are taught by 
professors. and small "seCllons" are 

faceless name on the class list. But they 
have to get used to it, that's all. 

One of the first thmgs for the 
incommg student to get used to is 
lecture hall etiquette . First of all, when 
entering the hall after another lecture 
has just ended, it IS vLtal that you 
accompany the hundreds of other 
students rushing into the hall the 
moment the prof has uttered his final 
syllable. By doing so you will tick off 
everyone who is trying to get the hell 
OUt of there and get to the next cia s 
( usually located across campus). This 
will cause a needless but extremely 
enjoyable lOgjam. 

ThiS will also give you a shot at 
chOOSing a "good seat," whatever the 

NEED A 
CLASS? 

There's still time to enroll in 
MESA COLLEGE 
6-WEEK TERMS 

OCT. 1 - NOV. 8 
NOV. 13 - DEC. 20 

G .E. Regs., & more. Transferable. 
Register in Mesa Admissions Office, 
7250 Mesa College Dr. , San Diego 
$5 per unit; 6 or more units $50 

THf CLASSICAL EYf 
ROefftT HelleR. 0.0. 

La Jolla Village SQuare 
452-7374 

fashioJ1 'v011ey Center 
295-0537 

230-6906 

IrtCLU0f5: 
Contact Ien5e5, 
examination, patient 
training, follow up, 
chemical care kit 
and fitting. 

fXT~nDfOW~ 
L~rt5fS onlY $265,00 

lOUIS M, TARTAGLIA. 0 .0 . 
UniverSity Towne Centre 

457-4791 

front and si lting down . 
O thers Ii ke to sit at the vety, ve ry 

back, where no professor could possibly 
see them discussing Mo nday Night 
f<?Otball or comparing a tt ires or ge ne rally 
scamming o n the opposi te sex. Still 
others, like myself, get into gening lost 
somewhere within that great gulf o f 
space known as "the middle"-not too 
high , not too low, juUUUSSSt right. 

When the lecture sta rts it is necessary 
to take illegible notes while appea ring 
casually disinte rested, Do NOT fall 
asleep; it often becomes a game am ong 
students to see who will die ofT fi rst, 
and it is much more enjoyable to walch 
the heads of other students bobbing up 
and down, losing the baule, than to 

hits ten-'til as the signal. Get rude-
force the prof to concede defeat. 

Then , as you stan the rush out of the 
classroom, you will encounter the tens 

, of thousands of Students ready for the 
next lecture flood ing the entrances, 
making it imposs ible to get to your next 
class ( usually across campus) on time . 
Now is when you c urse these idiotS, 
who couldn't wait j ust that extra minute 
and a half to let you the hen out. 

Yes, it's aU pan of the game, the 
lecture hall game. It may be hard to get 
used to at first , but once you're into it, 
once you have forgonen there was eve r 
a different way, you're in for a damn 
good time. Even if you are just a face in 
the crowd. ~ 

,SCIENCE AND 
ENGINEERING 

MAJORS: 
TAKE OUT 

INSURANCE NOW 
How about an "Lnsurance" policy thaL your science Of .nglneering 

degree wlll really be used? IL would be nlee. Especially considering the 
work you put inlo such a degree. 

The Air Force wlll use your talents. W. haW! openings for young 
men and women majonng in selected science and ~ 
academic fields ... ILke Aeronautical, Aerospace, General and EIec:. 
Lrical Engineering. Mathematlcs, Ph~slcs and Computor Technology . 
• nd many"""". 

One way 10 grIlnto thesetmiOSS is Lhrough Air Faa! ROTC. OJr 
AFROTC scholonhLp.can you financially so you can conoenlrat. 
on gel1Lng your de!J'ee. AF OTC Ls a !reat opportunity to help 
yourself throo!tl college. and the Air Force Ls a !J:eat opportunity Lo 
r.aDy use whaL you learn. 

Look into In. Air Force ROTC prO!J'8f'\ at your can'1IUs. It'. good 
insurance. 

Call AFROTC at SDSU 
265·5545 

EARN 
WhIle you 
LEARN 

B02'C 
Got.way to a great way of lif • • 

• • • • OUR COll.EGE 
INTERNS AVERAGE 10.00 AN HOUR 
Ask how you CM urn while 
VO'lPn - at. Northwestern MutuIl ' 
ca ... agent. You work part-time. 
attetMI eI ..... lui-time. A limited 
ftwnller oIlnt11n1h1ps .. stIIIlWs'bbie 
For information caD Jay A. Goldby, 
Director of Marketing (619) 234-3111 

PROFESSORS. END 
THE PAPER CHASE 

USE KINKO'S PROFISIOR PUBUSHING .MCE 
Give your students o n alternative to the Ubrary Reserve Room. We'll turn your loose 
course malerlals Into bound c lass readers. 

NO CHARGE TO YOU OR YOUI DEPARTMENT 
LOWUT I'OSSIIU COST TO 'fOUR STUDENTS 

OUR REP WILL HEll' OIIGANIZE YOUI MAlUIALS 
0\IEIIN1GIfT OIDERS ACCEPIEO 

1'v1on-Thurs 8D0-8:00 
Frl 8.00-6:00 

Sot 10;00-5:00 
Su n 12:ClO-5:00 

klnko-s 

OPEN WEEKENDS 
8855 Vi 110 La Jolla Dr. 

(Near RalphS and Sovon) 
457-3775 

HAIRCUTS $695 
Includes: 

• Shampoo 
• Conditioner 

only 

HAIR 
DESIGNS 

Also Featuring: 
Curls, Relaxers and Waves 

Monday, Sept. 24, 1984 17 

PERMS $1995 
Includes: 

• Shampoo 
• Conditioner 

only 

Using TCa Products With Specialists Willie or Ike 

OPEN 7 DAYS 
APPOINTMENT NOT NECESSARY 

UNIVERSITY TOWNE CENTRE - 455-0420 

highlight · 
and ~ as a flash DN THE HUMP 

FRIDAY 
8:00PM R ........ nJustahlghl' .... r 

Switch from highlighting to jotting notes without changing pens. Textor 
comes in six bright fluorescent colors, each with a blue ballpoint pen. 

D 
\ 

110. AItIIII' IIa '*' 
.... rrtson, H. 
T 12:00-2:50. HL 1200\II 
,Course Code: 44431 

Available now at your college store, 

ThIs studio course, in IMlich artists make and talk about books, is open to 
perSQf'IS with badcgrot.nds In painting, photography, srulpture, conceptual 
art. etc. Genre studies will I~ comic books, journals, moralit¥ tales, 
manifestos. etc. 

152. PI __ In SodIII CoI_ 
GorIn 
VI 6:0CHI:50 TLH 107 
(Consult Schedule of Classes for Course Codes) 
This collection of courses gathers under one cover 111ms that are strongly 
markect by period, geography and the culbJre within IMlich they recelll'ed 
their ck>minating local qualit¥. These courses pay partirular attention to the 
stamp of place - dima~, dress, habitation, language, music. politics - as 
well as the filmic ~ that helped color such IMJI1cs as erlIIironmental. The 
series takes In the following subjects: Third World Ahns, The Munich Rims 
(the ~ wave of Germans who made ther tlrst ~atu~ In Munich 
following 19671. Japanese meMes, films of the American thirties and their 
relationship to current thought. American Westerns, ~raphic film, 
Brazil's Cinema No\.<o, etc. 

I sa. CrIIIaII HlsICIWy 01 JOIh c.&u1Y Phaeo 
Lanldler 
MW 3:00-4:50 EXT 150 
,COurse Code: 4477J 
The course will begin with a sketch of the early nineteenth century 
background of the origins of photography and will artirulate a number of 
the fundamental issues raised by it It will then concentrate on the 
development of the medium from Stieglitz's Photo Secession to the present. 
erfllhasizlng such critical issues as the factuaMty, truthfulness, or 
representation adequacy raised by the history of the genre, as weN as its 
claims to art or craft status and the related questions of elCpl'essive capac/t¥, 

relation to· notions of taste, technical excelleru, or s~lstic significance. 
These will be studied in the context of the ~loprr1ent of c~cial and 
mass media uses of photOgraphy in the twentieth centUlY, 

The aim of this course is to tamilia~ students with pre-production and 
past-production t«hniques Ishooting script. storyboard, continu/W notes. 
etc.), their relationship and their interdependence. Students will be given 
the task of ~Ioping at least three short narrawe or documentary scripts 
13 minutes in length) from the writing stage to the shooting script and 
storyboard stage. They will be required fu~ to shoot and edit one of 

~ sc~ts and to present the instructor with organized notes taken 
during the editing process. Collaborative projects may be done. 
Prerequisite: VA 70/71 lor 170) and 174, plus one production course. 

lal. SowId ..... IJtIIIInI 
MIIngoIt:e 
MW9:00-n:50 MeC 139 
,Course Code: 4541J 
An advanced course aimed at gaining a sophisticated C9'1trol of the 
application of sound and lighting ~ry, Examples in film and video will be 
screened and discussed, The sonic portion of the course wiH trace the 
ewlution of film and video recording and manipulation erJl)hasizing current 
practice and equipment. The areas of acoustics, fundamental ef«troniCs, 
microphones and recording devices, and the general theories of sound 
image relationship will be c~red. The second portion of the course will 
study the theory and practice of illumination for 111m and video production. 
The strategies, processes, and equipment for I:X>th studio and location 
lighting will be covered. For this quarter, this class will focus on equipment 
and practice of professional sound recording and lighting for film and video 
in various production settings Istudio, documentary, location). Studentscan 
work on the film or video production of their choice. CoIlal:X>rative 
production can be done. Prerequisite: VA 172 or 185 or 186, or consent of 
the Instructor. 



... 

UCSD Associated Students bringyou 

Women's Voter 
Registration 

Political Candidates and 
other guests speaking on the 

·1984 general election 
Monday, Sept. 24 - Noon on the gym steps 
Linda Sabo, past student regent, UCSD student 
Lynn Shenk, candidate for 3rd district supervisor 
Tuesday, Sept. 25 - noon on Revelle Plaza 
James Conole, candidate 44th District US Congress Libertarian 
Dick Carlson, S.D. Mayor Candidate 
Richard Wildman, S.D. Assemblyman Candidate 
Thursday, Sept. 27 - noon on Revelle Plaza 
Lucy Moore , past NOW president and County Supervisor 
Roger Hedgecock, S.D. Mayor 
Maggi Edwards, Registrar of Voters 
Jim Ellis, California ..senator 
Friday, Sept 28 - noon on the gym steps 
Bob Simmons, Candidate 41st District US Congress 
Rachael Klein, History Professor at UCSD 
Susan Golding, Candidate for 3rd Distric Supervisor 
Lucy Killea, S.D. Assemblywoman 
and more are expected . . . 

There is LOTS more to school than books. Get 
practical experience. Contact John Trumpler in 
the Associated Students Office or call 452-4450. 
1) Program Review Committee 
2) Sub-Committee Equipment Replacement 
3) Enrollment Projections Review Committee 
4) Capital Outlay &: Space Advisory Committee. 
5) Student Life 
6) University Center Program/ Building Advisory Committee 
7) and much more 

Editors for science papers needed! 
The UCSD Journal of Undergraduate Research seeks science 

majors with junior or senior standing to review science research 
papers that have been submitted for consideration to this year's 
Journal. Proofreading papers for grammatical and stylistic errors 
as well as checking for accuracy and critiquing the content are 
all that is involved. Participate ·in this exciting project, gain 
valuable experience and get credit as a member of the Journal 
staff. Contact Linda or Ingrid at the U.$. Grants office upstai rs 
in the Student Center, office #3 or call x3917. 

You can make a difference! 
Get involved in the CaIPIRG's non-partisan voter registration 

drive. Everyone is welcome: Monday, Sept. 24 and Thursday, 
Sept 27 at 3 pm in the Multi-purpose room. Let the student vote 
be heard th is ovember! 

95.7 EM cable 540 AM UCSD camp~ 

DID YOU KNOW ... 
KSDT is on both Cox and Southwestern cable systems? 
KSDT plays all hinds of music: NEW WAVE, REGGAE, JAZZ, 
PUNK, etc. . . ? 
KSDT is available in UCSD donns, cafeterias, Triton Pub and 
EDNA? 
You can become a member of KSDT and get valuable hands-on 
experience in several areas, and have fun doing it. 
The chance to get involved is NOW! !! So show up at KSDTs 
orientation on Wednesday, Sept. 26 in the Student Center 
Game Room at 6 pm. 

Watch for FFOG - Oct. 5 

, 

Lesbian & Gay Organizations 
first general meeting of the year 

This meeting will introduce new and continuing 
students to lesbian &: gay happenings on campus. 
We hope this year will be fulfilling for all. 

Day: Wednesday, Sept 26 
Time: 5:00 pm 
Place: Multi-purpose room (Std. Ctt.) 
Contact L.A.G.O. for more info. 452-GAYS 

Reminder to Student Otganizations 
It's time to re-register your student organization for the 1984-85 

academic year. Contact the Student Organizations Office, Student 
Center Building A, 2nd Aoor (just above EDNA) or can x4083. 
Remember: Organizations must be registered before funding can 
be used, programming, use of facilities, etc. 

Gala Event: 
6:30 pm Wed., Sept 26 

A.S. Council Meeting 
Chancellor's Complex lIlA 

Join the Ski Club 
Come to the first Radically Inclined Ski Club meeting, 

Wednesday, Sept. 26 at the Rec. Conference Room near the 
Recreation Gym. The meeting starts at 8 pm. Come join us for 
films and fun. Get info about ski club upcoming events: Sept. 28 
party in Rec. Gym; All-Cal trip to Vail; Car Rally; 100 ft. Banana 
Split eating contest and much, much more. See you at8 pm this 
Wed. in the Rec. Conf. Room. 

Don't Read It, Be It! 
The Birdcage Review, UCSD's undergraduate journal of the 

arts, will hold its organizational meeting this Wednesday at 5 
pm in the Triton Pub. Srudents interested in editing, 
typesetting, proofreading, designing and selling advenising, 
special promotions and picking bits of wax from the floor with 
razor blades are invited. The Birdcage Review publishes 
undergraduate poetry, prose, fiction, art, photography, 
criticism, interviews and features about the arts community of 
UCSD. 

Help with voter registration 
Are you part of a group currently conducting voter registration? 

Are you interested in panicipating in a voter registration drive? 
A voter registration coalition meeting is being held by CalPIRG 
on Monday, Sept. 24 at 10 am in the Multi-purpose room in the 
srudent center. Our intent is to all work together - rather than 
at cross purposes - to register the maximum number of 
students on this campus. We are interested in developing a 
campus-wide strategy and an all-campus student registration 
goal. 

$5,000 available to students 
Undergraduate Student GRANTS provides cash for your 

academic project You are eligible for a grant up to $500 if you 
fall within these guidelines: project of an academic narure 
(including drama and V I A productions and lab experiments), 
sponsored by a UCSD faculty member (which we can help you 
locate), proposal submitted by deadline. We urge you to attend 
grantwriting workshops in the multi-purpose room. (2nd floor 
of student center): 

Wednesday. Sept. 26.6:30-7:30 pm 
lhunday. Sept. 27. 5:30-6:30 pm 

Deadline: Oct. 1 at 3 pm 
Turn in proposals to the US GRANTS office on the second .floor oj 

the student center. For questions and info call 452-J917 or stop by. 

Lecture Note Series: 
Will be open 9-3 

( until further notice) 
Subscriptions on sale now for: 

Anthro 22-
Bio 1, 14, 101 , 111·, 131 

Chem4 
Comm 20-, Soc. Force 100· 

Phil 13· 
Psych 2-

- Notetakers needed, please apply, look at the job board and 
come by the office. 

All subScription are $10 
We are located in the student center across 
from the food co-op. 452-6238. 

I 

Sorority-"Greek Spirit Night" 
There are 10 easy steps to "Greek Life." 

Explore the first step on: 
Tuesday, Sept. 25 

7 pm, Chancdlor's Confermce Rm. lIlA 
More info at the Revelle Plaza table or 

the Panhellenic office. 

Reaganbuster Rally! 
Don't get slimed again! Come to the Reaganbuster 

Rally on Wednesday, Sept. 26 at noon, on the hump 
Shout and cheer and do your pan to get the Cowb 
out of the White House. Free watermelon will be 
served. 

Attn: Student Orgs. 
All submissions for The Bulletin 

must be turned in by Wednesday 
at noon for Monday's issue. Please put 
in the Bulletin mailbox. For more 
information please contact Bob Ames 
at 452-4450. 



.. 

. . ' .. : . 

TRITON WATER POLO '84 

Pomona 
drowning ... 

••• a product of individual 

The sun wasn't shining on the bleak 
Saturday morning past, but the 50 or so 
UCSD fans sitting at Canyon View 
pools ide had plenty to smile about. By 
the end of the first quarter of play, the 
UCSD water polo team had a 
comfortable 6-1 lead over Pomona-
Pitzer. Seven minutes later, four more 
goals were added to the Tritons' side of 
the scoreboard, and Pomona was held 
scoreless through the second quarter of 
play. 

The reason for the Triton dominance? 
Defense! The Tritons pressed Pomona 

By CHRISTINA KAUS 

SCHOOL BEGA for the average non-athleti student last week, but for the members of the UCSD 
men 's water polo team, school was an 
sessIOn August 26 With Intense workouts 
in preparation for the 1984 season . 
Water polo IS an aggressive. physical 
game, and therefore only players in tOp-
notch form can expect to play 
compe[l[ively. This season Triton coach 
Denny Harper has produced one of the 
most highly conditioned college teams 
in the country. "We have a very strong 
tradition for intense team training," said 
Harper. "We just can 't get away with 
slack. " 

The intense program of Harper 
proved itself last year as the Tntons 
ended the season with a # 13 national 
rankIng. A pre-season ranking this year 
hJd the Tritons at #14 among college 
\ J ter polo schools, behind , among 
others, UC Irvine (#1), PepperdIne (#2) 
and UC Berkeley (R'3). The Tritons Will 
cr - ~te against these teams later in the 

.md figure to do well. Harper 
" ~ so, at least. 

"I feel very posi tive about the tcam 
this year; ~Id Harper. "We're at a good 
ea rly stagE, dnd thiS is probably the 
tightest team I've coached . These guys 
rC<llly want to be here. They knew going 
anto the season that it was going to be 
tough and that sacrifi ces would have to 
be made." Those sacrifices include 
workouts of 35-40 minutes of grueling 
exercises twice a day. The team swims 
out around cnpps Pier, runs sprints on 
the nd, and then heads back to the 
pool fo r laps. DUring the first two weeks. 
the p ractice consl ts of 3 lot of 
SWimming for C,lnditionlng, an exercise 
which Harper consider~ bonng but 
necessary. "The il1lenslty of the 
practices keep the numbe rs down ," 

Id Harper. "I'd rather have 30 highly 
l ndiuont:d player~ than 80 flunkies! " 

Returnmg to the TritOn learn IS fo ur-
tIIne starter and co-captam Bill 
Kazmlerowlcz and co-captain Dan 

Grelsen. Both players are leaders and 
make up a good part of the sconng 
punch of the tearn. As a member of last 
year's men's swim team as well, 
Kazmierowicz set many school reco rds. 
Gre isen began as a medibcre player, but 
has developed into a top collegiate 
player. Both Kazmierowicz and Greisen 
are All-Ameri cans. 

Also re turn ing this year for his final 
year of competition is Ray Haywood. 
Harper says Haywood is a classic case 
of the developmental process, adding, 
"Haywood will definitely start and be a 
major contributor to this team." 

Thi year. the team was hun With 
eligibility problems as tWO starting 
players from last year's squad, 
sophomores l<irry Saunders and John 
Everhean, will be out fo r the 1984 
season. Both , however, are expeC[ed to 
play in 1985 , and they should 
certainly strellgthen the '85 team. 
Picking up the slack from the absence 
of Saunders and Everheart will be 
fres hmen Tim Ra ney and Tom Schatz, 
along with Haywood. The rest of the 
team includes Junior Tom Moore, 
sophomore Joe Wade, and Wade's 
brother Greg, a transfer from UC 
Berkeley. 

1 he outlook for the team appears 
bright this yea r. Already, the Tritons 
have competed in the prestigious UC 
Irvi ne Invita tional Tourname nt. There 
the team defeated Cal State Long Beach 
5-3, beat Cal State Fu llerton 7-5. and 
tied Claremont-Mudd 4-4. The 

laremom team 15 considered UCSO's 
only compctItlOn this year in DiviSion II 
and 1II (the CAA recognizes DIVISions 
II and HI <IS one diviSion In water polo). 
Harper IS anticipating Tnton 
dominance . 

Ahead on the fnto n calendar at 
home are UC Berkeley, USC, 
Pcpperd me and UC Irvme. Al l games 
are played In the Canyon View Aqua tic 
Cente r pool. I&iJ 

---~ .... --
. throughout, constantly forcing turnovers 

which were turned into goals. 
As the second half of play. got 

underway, Ray Haywood came OUt with 
a quick score to increase the Tritons' 
lead to 11-1. Phil Pettis got the first of 
his two goals JUSt a few minutes later, 
but Pomona came back with two before 
the quarter ended to cm the lead to 
nine. The final quarter was much of the 
same. WiUiam Miller scored two goals 
for UCSD, the second of which was in 
the style of an ally-oop play, and Dana 
Greisen and Pettis both scored to make 
the final score 16-4. 

- Scott Kessler 

'" '5 ~ ________ ~~"a.~ ______ ~ ______ ~~ 

Monday, Sept 24, J 984 21 

Tritons finish sixth at La Verne 

Two bumps a~ better than ont as Lori Lunhow ... 

- Await Chapman 
UCSO's women's volleyball team , whic h 

had an "up and down" weekend, placed 
sixth in a field of 14 at the La Verne 
Tournament this past Saturday and 
Sunday. 

The match deciding fifth and sixth 
place against Cal Scate Bakersfield we nt 
the distance, with Bakersfield winning 15 -
13, 5-15, 15-13. As Triton senior co -
captain Karin Kalk said later, 'The scores 
of the match were close, but we were all a 
little disappointed that we didn't play 
better. We learned a lot, though, and I 
think we will come back better for it." 

UCSD's four other tournament 
opponents were San Francisco State, Cal 
Poly Pomona, Cal State Northridge . and 
conference rival Azusa PaCific. The TrItons 
finished 2-3 in the tournament. 

UCSO's next match will be at home 
Wednesday night as the Tritons host 
Chapman College. Game time is set for 
7:30. 

- Alicia Agos 

SIGN UP NOW! 
Sign up inf'ormation and event details are nmr available at: 

(university publication to pub-set 
specific information in this area) 

Ford is proud to sponaor me Ford 
Bronco II \blleyball Classic. A very spe-
cial inmunural wllcyball tournament 
for your college intramural program. 

JOIN 11fE FUN 
Read me information above and sign 

up with your Intramural/Recreational 
Sport Depanment today! 

EVERYONE CAN PLAY 
All students, staff and faculty are eli-
gible to compete. Winners receive 
awards courtesy of Ford Motor 
Company. 

(pub-set Intramural Dept. co-sponsor in this area) 
FORD BRONCO /I tiM tile 1984 U.S. Volleyball 
T_ . .. A Gok/m /'eifof1lllllla! 
Ford congratulates the U.S. Men's Volleyball Team 
on winning the Olympic Gold Medal. 
As their proud sponSOI; Ford DiVision salutes the 
U.S, Men's Volleyball Team for its gold-medal per-
formance in the XXIII Olympics at Los Angeles. 

... and Yvonne Ellington prep the Triton offen st. 

If you NNe 
diarrhea that 

began within the i.st 48 hrs and 
would like to parddpa1le In an 
InvestlgatJonal drug study at the 
V.A. Hospital call Cheryl 
Beaumont oi' Stew Pandol M.D. 
1453-75001 ext 3284 for more 
Info. Upon completion of the 
study }DU wfI1..JecelYe $25. 

aN THE HUMP 
FRIDAY 

5:00PM 



An Olympic Diary ... 
By RONA RU. Slaff Wnter 
Auput9. More equestrian events. Today we will present medals for team dressage . The 
Americans are not favored to win, and we will not get covered by ABC unless the US 
wins. . 

Santa Anita provides us with $5 meal tickets, much beuer than the fried-chicken-
and-Snickers-and-Coke "box lunches" provided at other venues. Change from the 
tickets goes into a pany fund. We leave the air-conditioned room to take in the Sights. 
In uniLlnn, we are treated with respect and can wander freely about the Turf Club and 
restricted areas. People photograph us and point us out. We are temporary VIPs. 

The West Germans win, and suddenly there is a massive amount of German press. 
The ceremony is uneventful, except for a minor glitch when His Royal Highness 
snatches away a bouquet so forcefully that the piTlow goes flying. The medal bearer 
catches it, and the crowd, focused on the athletes, doesn't notice. There is also a little 
awkwaniness as Prince Philip spends considerably longe~ chaaing with the British 
athletes than is customary. Peter, our Venue Ceremonies Manager, is atoning for paSt 
sins by Slaying quiedy in the shadows, but this time it is Prince Philip who suggestS, "If 
IIW: hurty we can beat the horses." We make as dignified a retreat as possible. luckily, 
the dressage horses do nO( gallop, but make their victory lap at a stately [r0(. 
A..- 10. Anodter individual event. so I opt to take the day off; Amy can handle 
three athIeta by hersel[ After lunch I return to the Convention Center to meet Luis 
and the odlers. On a previous trip to the Convention Press Center, I ran into a Korean 
man who miaooIc me for a Korean person and invited me to a VIP pany. So now I 
haw: engraved invitations from the Mayor and City of Seoul, site of the 1988 Olympics. 
Luis and I plan to check it out. 

IlUSlNESS AND 
DCHNICAL MAJORS 

HiglIy responsible positions for 
college seniors and graduates 
(through age 341 in financial 
and k9stic support. The ~ 

,Supply Corps needs highly 
qualfted, c¥1amic individuals 
10 lead and manage Wge 
irwntDfy and finandaI 
networks. Salary $1&500 to 
start, $34,000 after 4 ~. 
ExcellEnt belleftts package. 
Need BNBS. Us. dtlzenshlp. 
CIIII ,..,.. ...... _. 
PI ......... 29N746. 
Man V'i1:Id. II ..... 

Monday, Sqx. 24, 1984 23 

Our team is late, so 1 stOP by the Press Ce nter again. Representatives from vanous 
countries offer pamphlets and posters. The most enthusiastic is Saudi Arabia , with 
books and pamphlets ahd a full-color poster of the Saudi Olympic team. 

There are pin traders everywhere , and some of them accost me. l vo~ed not to buy 
any pins or souvenirs, but the LAOOC has gIVen us a few, and the IndIVIdual venues 
reward us with pins for Jobs well done. I now have five pIns; I am told one of them IS 
worth $75 because of its rarity, but no one is buying, only trading. I would rather not 
have seven "Stars in Motion" pins, thank you. 

I discover a videotape room where journalists can view aU previous events. I request 
equestrian, and am pleased to find thorough coverage of awards. I. find that I have 
been on ABC twice . .. briefly, but hey, this is national TV. My famIly and a few ~harp­
eyed friends spotted me on Saturday night: "Mos~y they showed your back, but It was 
definitely you." I get considerably more coverage In the raw feed , so perhaps I am a 
star in other countries. 

My teammates return , and guess what! They are aU television stars i',1 Jap~n now. For 
some reason, a japanese TV crew has chosen our team tob.e Immo~lized In a . 
documentary. Something like "A Day in the Life of an OffiCIal OlympICS Ceremome.s 
Page." The crew followed our team around for an entire day, filmi.ng ev,ery last detaIl. 
They even fabricated where necessary: We always ~mve dres~d In umform, but ~he 
TV crew wanted to show someone putting on a umform, so Klr~ was persuade? Into 
the men's room to strip down to underwear and put on everythtn~ all over agaIn. The 
japanese filmed the women putting on makeup .an? fil~ed the dnve from the 
Convention Center to Santa Anita (one camera Inside, In the back of the bus, to 
document the usual stupid jokes and song; one camera on a car next to the bus, to 
catch the spirit of a gaudily painted bus tooling down the Los Angeles freeway). They 
filmed the atT3nging of the medals and flowers, and, of course, the awards ceremony 
was filmed from every angIe. I should've been there, everyone tells me. KIrk, on 
japanese prime time in his undies, is destined ~ be the next hot sex ~bol tnjapan. 

The pany at Korea Plaza is deluxe enough, With valet parking and circus tents next 
to a son of museum. Men at the gate patrol for crashers. Luis and I produce our 
invitations and are introduced as "LAOOC staff." There is an odd mixture of Korean 
women in long dress and scuffy-looking reponers. I feel underdressed. 

.... ..................... '11 ............ n •••• e ...... . 
Wells Fargo Bank is strong on student loans with the plans, tenns, and money you need 
to minimize financial womes . 
....... I'ooo .... ,OOO ..... ~ .... S .. IOy.& ...... .... 
Wells Fargo offers two special plans, the California Guaranteed Student Loan (CGSL) 
and the California Loans to Assist Students (CLAS). Both have low, fixed interest 
rates and flexible repayment plans. Depending on your circumstances and the loans you 
choose, you can borrow $1,000 to $8,000 per year and take 5 to 10 years to repay. And 
you may not have to start repaying until after you graduate . 
.......... 
You want fast answers to your loan request. Our on-line system gives you quick turn-
around and immediate information about your loan whenever you want it. 
Wells Fargo wants to help finance your education. Don't delay. Call or write today! 

w ......... , 
Student Loan Center 

P.O. Box 63095 
San Francisco, CA 94163 

or call (800) 641-0473 Toll-free/(415) 396-4105 Collect 
Weekdays 8 AM -5:30 PM. 

MEMBERFDI C 



Sorority "Greek Spirit Night." There are 
ten easy steps to Greek life. Explore the 
first step on Tues. Sept 25 7 pm in the 
Chancellors Complex RoomA 19/24) 
WRITERS: Come to the Guardian new 
writers' meeting, Friday at 3 pm in the 
Guardian office, located southeast of 
Revelle Plaza, adjacent to the Che Cafe. 
Fine::! out what makes the Guardian tick, 
and how you can make it tick better. 
(Those INho attended last week need 
not come to this meeting.) 19/27) 
ATTENTION: Need 5 for necessities 7 We 
buyusedjewelry. Call.JC 274-22068-10 
am. 19/27) 
5360 weekly/up mailing drcularsl No 
bosse.;jquotasl Sincerely interested rush 
self-addressed envelope: Division 
Headquarters, Box 464CFW, 
Woodstock, IL 60098. (10/22) 
AFSlAFSlAFSlAFSlAFSf Come to our 1st 
Annual UCSD-AFS alumni reunion Tues., 
Sept. 25 at 7 pm in the IntI. Center. It's all 
new-new friends, new ideas, new 
directions. Don't miss out For info or to 
help, call Teresa 455-1127. 19/24) 

[X)n't miss Sorority Rush Sept. 24 thru 
28. Check out the info table on Revelle 
Plaza. 19/24) 
Reaganbusters at UCSD are converging 
in front of the gym steps this Wednesday 
at noon for the Reaganbuster Rally. Free 
watermelon without the slime will be 
served. Help us put the Cowboy back in 
his cage. (9/24) 
Mon ale-Ferraro need ~ul Meeting of 
the l JCSD Mondale-Ferraro organiza-
tion at 2:00, on Wednesday, 9/26 in the 
Noro Conference Room in the Student 
Centt ' . Strategy planning for the defeat 
of th Cowboy. (9/24) 
AM f ) MAJORS-Organizational 
meet g for Mechanical Engineering 
Club will be held Wed. Sept. 26 at 12:30 
in UH2102. The club can provide 
excellent exposure to real world 
problems-check it out. 19/24) 
Delta Sigma Phi Delta Sigma Phi Fall 84 
Rush Sept. 24-Oct 6. The fraternity of 

choice since 1899. 19/24) 
Be one of the best, Delta Sigma f.1li 
fraternity rush begins Sept.- 24. Come to 
our info table-Revelle. 

Circle K old members meeting Wed. 
Sept. 26, University Extension Room ISO 
6 pm or call Paul/Steve 457-1 792. 19/24) 
Daughters of lesbian mothers needed 
for study. Only small amount of your 
time needed. Please help I Call Julie 
Schwartz 459-2100. 110/18) 
Friday 5 pm: BGIF on Hump. 7:15 pm: 
Gold Medal rematch-NCAA Oiv. 111'82 
Women's Volleyball National 
Championship-in Gym. All begins on 
Friday at 5 pm. (9/24) 
Plant Salel Beautiful plants great prices I 
Starting at 51 .25 and upl Come check us 
out in front of University Bookstore. This 
week only! Sept. 24 to 29th. (9/24) 
Warren Commuterll Special Academic 
Advising Session for you" Thurs. 
9/27/84 at 5:00 pm in Warren Provost 
office. Will answer all questions on 
add/dropp, class info, etc. All are 

~lcome. 19/27) 
Insurance Warl We'" beat any price or 
INe don't want your business. Tickets, 
accidents, sports cars, good 
driver/student discounts: all INelcome. 
Call 286-1135. Request UCSD Plan. 
(11/29) 
Food, Music, Funl BGIFI 5 pm Friday, 
Sept. 28 on the Hump. Wimess the birth 
of a UCSD starI19/27) 

N&llllIn11111 
FUTONS: Bed and couch in one. 
Handmade of 100% cotton, comfortable 
and affordable. Golden Moon. 274-
4574. (10/4) 
'SO Toyota SR5 52900 call Jerry at 270-
5791 hm, 695-2260 wk. 19/24) 
73 Datsun Pickup. Brand new engine. 
Stereo/cassette. 51500. Call Scottat455-
0950. (9/24) 
New Panasonic computer, IBM 

START LAW SCHOOL IN JANUARY 
GRAD<lATE IN 24 MONTHS 

California Western. San Diego's innovative A.BA 
accredited law school. is taking appUcations for its January 
and August 1985 classes. At CaUfomia Western you will 
have the option to graduate in 2. 21f2. or 3 years. Whatever 
you choose. you will experience our unique blend of aca· 
demic coursework and comprehensive skills training. 

Write or phone for our free Bulletin. 
CalIfornia Western School of Law 
350 Cedar Street San DIego. CA 92101 (619) 239-0391 

Please send me your latest Bulletin. 
/'tame _ 

AddrelS _ 

Oly _ 5tdl Zip 

Ondugradualt $c;hool 

GnKIuatlon Dal. 

CALIFORNIA WESTERN: Innovative Approaches 
To Excellence In Legal Education 

compatible, 256K, 360K drives, printer, 
+more 52200 aft 6pm 755-6029 
George. 19/24) 
For Sale University City Condo only 
568,900-540,000 assumable loan at 
12-1/4% interest. Large one bedroom, 
850 square feet. Ouiet canyon location. 
Pool-park-jogging trail. call Dolly, 
Broker-270-4064 or 4~3399.(9/24) 

For Sale: 1969 red bug-good condition 
with stereo-must sell-SI800. Call Paul 
458-9569 after 4 pm. (9/27) 
66 Ford L TO-runs excellent very clean, 
good MPG, great transportation, saoo, 
453-0146. (9/27) 
1976 Honda CB-550 motorcycle. 
Cheap/reliable transportation. Good 
condition. S6OO. Call waIt/455-9535. 
110/1) 

1972 V\XI Superbeetle: new rebuilt 
engine. Needs body work, but runs 
great. 51300. Call ~/458-123O eves. 
(10/1) 
1976 V\XI Dasher: runs great 51500. Call 
.Jemy/235-4550 weekdays 9-5 am until 
9/28 or eves. at 4~123O. 110/1) 
IBM Selectric t}PeWriter. Excellent touch 
& copy. 5150 or best. Call Art 459-8720. 
19/24) 
1981 Yamaha Seca 550. 51,000. Great 
bike. Call 423-3078 evenings. 19/27) 
1974 Ford Pinto Wagon. Auto, new 
brakes, steel radials, shocks, custom 
wheels, radio, roof rack. 51000. 45+ 
2089. 110/11) 
Moving Sale: Double bed with springs 
frame 540. Shelves 530. Desk $60. All 
almost new. Leave message 453-1094. 
19/27) 
Technics stereo steall SL 7 linear tracking 
tumtable & reCeiver/amp. Both new in 
box with warranty cardl Cost S6OO, sell 
both for 5495. Top line perfect condition. 
Leave message. 453-1094 to see & hear. 
19/27) 

ttfHHfii1111111 
Wanted : Guardian writers. No 
experience necessary, just drive, 
enthusiasm, and a thirst for fame and 
bucks. Come to the new writers' 
meeting, this Friday at 3 pm at the 
Guardian offices (southeast of Revelle). 
19/27) 
A TTENDANT (female) by disabled 
young professional woman. Part 
time/full time. Must be self-motivated, 
effident, reliable, energetic. Personal 
ca re I experience unnecess), 
housecleaning, cooking, laundry, 
shopping, driving. Own car. Ask for ~'le 
272-9367 I Pacific Beach). 110/1) 
Female bass player wanted by working 
female band. New rock. 267-5865, 574-

7876. Bass available. (9/24) 
Wanted: Enthusiastic students. Ground 
floor opport:ur1I1¥ to leam sales skills in a 
dynamic high growth Industry. 
Comfortable relaJcied otrlce next to 
UCSD. Contaa Steve Rohrllck at 
Southwest Interconnea. 487-3044. 
(9/27) 

.~HH~j§tt~ijlll 
WORD PROCESSING. Resumes, papers 
51 per page. Co~ition. Same day. 
ALF AB.I.T.S. 454-8628. 19/27) 
GMAT/LSAT TUTOR. PhD student. Former. instructor for major US test-prep 
center; 4 years teaching elCperience. 
Intensive, analytic method. NtdrP!w 
459-7602, eves. 110/8) 
UCSD Resale Shop International Center 
1/2 price sale Tues. Sept 25, 10-2 all 
Items new to the shop. '(9/24) 
EXPERT Typing. Also cassettes & 
co"lXJterized work. Spelling free. We 
carel Sandy, 459-5818. (10/18) 
Top Drawer Secretarial Word 
Processing. Reports, resumes, 
manuscripts. Student ra~. Diane 481-
4160. 111/29) 
Models. Former UCSD Guan:Nn Photo 
Editor /UCSD calendar Photographer 
row produdng hlgh-quality, Iow-cost 
modeling portfolios. Color 01 8&W. call 
Rich Pegak, 695-8714 for appointment 
110/29) 

A second Nf!VtI Writers' Mef!ting witl be 
held this Friday at 3 pm in the Guardian 
office. Writers who attended last week's 
meeting need not attend this one. 
19/27) 
The Delta Sigma Pti fratemity would like 
to INelcome back the IM:>IYlen of Alpha 
Omicron PI, Delta Gamma and Sigma 
Kappa. Hope an of you had a great 
summer and have a fantastic rush. 19/24) 
Catch the spirit ... The Greek Spirit. Rush 
Sept. 24 thru 28th. 19/24) 
Think Greek an this weekI Rush a 
sorority for the time of your life. 19/24) 
The Reaganbusters are coming to save 
UCSD this Wednesday. Join the 
Reganbuster Rally at noon, on the 
Hump, on 9/26. Free wa~rmelon will 
be served. Don't get slimed again. We 
ain't 'fraid of no aaor. 19/24) 
Walter Mandale thinks Ron Reagan is a 
bad President. and so do ~u. MondaIe-
Ferraro supporters are meeting Wed., at 
2:00, in the North Conference Room in 
the Student Center. And VIle don't like 
Nancy either. 19/24) 

NonCE 
The UCSD Guardian is available on Mondays and Thursdays at the following 1ocatJons: 

- Revelle College at the Undergraduate Sciences Building. Cluster Ubrary, the Sundry 
Store and the Science and Engineering Ubrary; 
- Muir College at lkliversity ExtMsion, Third Lecture Hall, Peterson Hall, the Ca~, the 
Undergraduate Uterature Office in the Third College Humanities Building and at CMtrai 
ubrary; 
- Warren College at the UnIVersity Bookstore, the Registrar Information kiosk and 
BUilding Three of the Warren Apart"","nts; 
- me Medical School at the BiomedlUJI ubrary and the Teaching Facility, Room 180; and 
- the Student Center at EDNA, the AS office, the Main Gym foyer, OASIS in Building B and 
the Student Health Center. 


