
PATENT 

Selling 
your 
soul to 
the Vre U C professors don't get what they bargained for when signing contract for research and de"elopment. Millions of dollars are at stake whenever a research project is . successful, and the author or inventor signs away hls nghts to 

the institution funding the project. 
please lum 10 rage 7 



Don't cut it off boy. The I TACT 
Educational Foundation .lOd RehglOus-
Freethinkers present a seminar on 
Sunday from 1-3 pm at the Balboa Park 
House of Hospitality tilled "Routine 
Infant CircumcISion." They Will argue, 
"T here is no medical, c ivilized, soctal or 
valid religlOu5.Justiflcallon for roullne 
infant circumcision. Therefore It is a 
tragic .lOd shameful violent sex cnme 
(Amenca's most prevalent) now being 
perpetrated against about 90% of the 
helpless Infant boys in the USA due to 
Ignorance , characler weakness and 
criminal mOllves." For more mformallon 
call 222-1044 . 

o 
Female Athlete: Reality & Myth, 

o ITered through UCSD Extension, will be 
held 8:30am-5:30pm on Saturday, 
February 18 at the an Diego Sports 
Medicme Center, 6699 Alvarado Road 
(Tel. 452 -34(0). Topics include exercise 
phYSiology, anatomy, nutritio n, strength 
training, conditioning, health risk 
factors, menStruation , fe rtility In 
exercIsing women and exercise during 
pregnancy. 

o 
Bottle bill relUm5. On January 26, 

Senator Dan McCorquodale introduced 
the "bottle bill" which would require that 
beer and soft dnnk cans and bottles be 
returnable for a nickel depOSit. "People 
are now realizmg that the six-pack 
industry gave us a $6 million pack of 
lies in its campaign against Prop. II in 

ovember 1982," said Jerry Skomer, 
CalPIRG director. Those interested in 
supporting the btll should can 279-5552. 

o 
Financial aid deadline for t.lle-

sponsored C ll Grants IS FebruJry 9 
-tudents who Will need .1Id for the 
1984-85 .le.ldemlc )'e.lr must ftle a 
ludent Aid ApplicJllon lor CJlifornia 

( MC) b)' Febru..ll)' 9 to be ehglble lor 
maximum .lId . Gr.lde pOint avemge (lor 
Cal Grant A), fmJnn.11 background ( for 

J967 .. . 
At Idst Friday's evenmg me,l\. people 

e.lIing In the Revelle cJletenJ were 
served something reportedly c.ll1ed 
SJlisbury steak. B)' the end of the me.ll 
one 01 the back wbles 01 the dining h.lli 
had .I ptle of thiS mem With signs 
reJdlng, -Where's the cow?" Jnd "M.lke 
love nO[ slop." 
1968 .. , 

On Tuesd.l)' n'ght, Dr. Schultz of the 
Physics Dep.lrTment prese nted wh.lI he 
feels is the optimum solution to the 
cdfetena problem - theft or food b)' 
.mtJgonlstlc students ,IS retJhation lor .1 
general IJck of quaht},. Schultz fel! lh .1t 
smce the c.lfeteria hJS no competltlon 
there is no ince ntive lor Improvement, 
therefore he suggested est.lblishing lood 
.llte rn.Hi ves, 
1969 ... 

A coup, of sons, hJS been pulled of! 
• 1l MUir College. In J ',"<Ither surpns lng 
move Wednesd.l)' night , the MUir 
College dorm Presidents Cound 
declJred itsell to be the student 
government 01 Mu ir Cullege. 
1970 ... 

Believe It or not. the UI JolI" L/~hl 
featured ,In edllOrI.11 that was 
sympathetic to the BI,ICk P.lnthers: "The 
name and im.lge ha\'c oversh.ldowcd 
the Jc tlvitles .lnd purposes l)1 the 
organiz.1tion , so th,lt cven .Ipparentl), 

Cal Gr,lnt B), .md vocatlonill .lptitude 
(for Coli Gmnt C) are Jmong the crilerl.l 
for qUillifying for a Cal Gmnr. 

o 
Vote! The C.lmpUS u mp'lign for 

Voter P.lrtlcipation (CCVP) today kicks 
off its 1984 c,lmpaign promising to turn 
out -500,000 new student , faculty and 
staff voters lo r both the June 5 and 
November 6 Sl.lleWlde elec tions ." 
According to Jim Lofgren of the CCVP 
steenng committee, collegiate voting 
power is not a myth. "This campaign 
focuses upon potential voters who 
otherwise would not be likely to ' ·Ole. 
Through our voter registration , voter 
ed ucation and get-out-the-vote effons, 
the campus community vote will be a 
m.lJor fJctor in this year's elections." For 
more inform.ltion call 442-3827 . 

o 

Two-party system chaUenged. "Does 
the Two-P.lrty System Limit Americans' 
ChOices?" is the question addressed by 
the second progr<lm in KPBS-FM 89's 
ForullI 89 series, .l five -p.ltt ex,lm in.1tion 
of c mical Issues f.lcing Americans this 
elec tion yeM. The program airs 
Wednesday, February 15, 9-11 am. 
"Some political an.llysts call AmericJ 's 
[wo-patt)' system a great safeguard of 
our democmcy, while others refer to it 
as 'Tweedledum .lnd Tweedledee ,'" 
commented ForullI 89 producer Roselle 
Kovltz . /I 

o 

Third World Counselors Conference 
will be hosted by San Diego tate Ap~ 
16-18. The conference theme is 
"Reflecting on the Progress of the Third 
World Movement: A PI,m 01 Action for 
the Future." The conlerence IS expected , 
to bn ng several hundred persons of 
color from counseli ng backgrounds In J 
I'J rlel}' of organl ZJtlons to the cJmpus 
lor Intemctlon ,md more than 30 
workshops For more Inform,\(ion c.11I 
205-6336. 

beneficial endeavors, such as J free 
breJkf.lst program , .lre suspect of being 
merely sly indoctrination schemcs The 
overa ll goal of the Black PJnthers is 
quill' Simply .1 I'.llr sh,lke for minority 
people throughout the n.llion." 
1971... 

PreSident Nixon , b), executive order, 
!:nded student deferments for those 
students who were nOt undergr.ldu.1les 
before todJY. The intent of the change 
is to m,lke more equitnble the burden 01 
Selective Service Jmong "Minus clements 
01 our population . 
1972 .. , 

Women's Liber .. lIon CJme to UCSD in 
sr)'le last SJturd.I)', .15 lemlni st Gloria 
Stcinem spoke belore ,10 overflowing 
crowd 01 300-400 people in the Reve ll e 
c,llcteri ,l. Her .lcldress de.lling with "nOl 
JUSt the oppressIOn 01 wome n, but Df .111 
minontl!:s" W.IS keynoted br the 
st,lIem!:nr th,\( "women's Itber.llion IS not 
rcilmn . but re\'olut/lln , ,lnd nothing ciln 
stop It." 
1973. .. 

Wdl. the m,IIYc\ousl), ,1111 .\;:111);. 
sptllrng .md thnllll1); UC5D !cncll1!; te.lln 
is now the pTllud llWnl'r 01 the AII -C.ll 
ch,lmplt)llshlp Held nn the bl',IUlilul 
.lI1d wl)od), 5,lOt,1 Cruz c.lln pus I.ht 
\\'t:ekend . the tllUm.llnCIll mclutkd sLich 
Western lenclng pm\Trhuuse!> .1, 

"Computer literacy is highly stressed here at UCSD, but reading and writing 
skills are deemphasized to the point of being negligent," said Carol Rogers, 
newly appointed AS commissioner of Academic Affairs. Rogers' comment 
preluded a Los Angdes Times expose entitled. "UCSD Working to Spell OUt 
Tougher Student Writing Requirements." . . . 

"One of my main goals IS to press for a more stnngent writing program at 
Warren where the passi no-pass system weakens the incentive: Rogers ~id . 
"There needs to be more writing courses added to the general education 
requirements." . 

Many students express that the present writing courses are a waste of time. 
SlUdents enjoy keeping journals and writing about current events, but these 
assignments do not prepare them to write essays for other classes. "For me, 
writing is learning how to communicate," said Rogers. 

"I am lonnulating a survey to sohclt student input on needed changes in 
the writing programs," Rogers said. Writing program changes under present 
consideration are: requiring students to take more writing classes. more 
classes to be taught by tenured faculty instead of teaching assistants and 
replacing some creative writing segments with traditional essays based on 

rea~ings. 

Carol Rogers: new Commissioner of Acadtmic Affairs 

The Third College nculty is considering changmg to a Revelle type program. 
At Muir CoUege. students may be required to take three writing courses in their 
freshman ~r. A similar program is being proposed at WalTen College Wlth an 
emphasis on ethics and politics. . . 

"If the University required more writing courses and the professors ITlSlsted 
on a higher quality of writing in non-literature classes. the overall writing ability 
of a srudent would increase dramatically," said Rogers, 

Rogers brmgs to her commissioner of Academic Affairs position many other 
suggestions for academic improvement "We need one of the libraries to remain 
open 24 hours during finals week to provide the resources needed during the 
mO$t intense study period of the quarter.';Added Rogers, "The AS Lecture Notes 
service needs to be expanded beyond the hard science courses to become a 
benefit for all students. We could also implement a bulletin board for the sale of 
used books. This is a very successful method of helping students save money 
and gaining access to more books." 

Rogers' temporary appointment lasts until the end of this quarter. Her energy 
and depth of concern and knowledge on the issue of academic excellence will 
enhance needed changes many nculty, teaching assistants and students f(> -1 
are necessary to improve the quality of thinking and expression here at UCSD. 

Berkeley, UClA .lnd UCSC. John 
Helmich finished second in the 
individwl and led the epee team to tOP 
honors . 

1974, .. 
The UCSD fencing team upheld their 

three and a half year winning streJk laSl 
weekend Jt the All -Cal tournament. L.lst 
ye.lr's victory margin was one point. 
This year the Tritons defeated all 
challengers by fony points. This is eve n 
more impressive considering the many 
first yeJr fencers on this year's squad. 

1976 ... 
l.lsers .lOd Leon.lrdo Dol Vinci will be 

the subject of .1 speci,ll lecture tomorrow 
night. John Asmus, .1S 'Issoci.lte research 
physicist lor the UCSD Institute I") r Pure 
and Applrcd Physical Sciences, will 
deSCribe the usc 01 I.lscr technology in 
,lrt rescor.ltIon . 

1977 ... 
If )'llU Me inl'olved in J tr.lll'll' 

.Iccident .lnd under the inlluenl'e of 
c.llfl'lne. }'OU \\'111 be lCc.:hnic,llI), ubjel't 
tn JrreSl rI AB62 becomes I.I\\, , "This btll 
\\'ould 1ll.lke such .1 pro\,ision .Ipplicable 
when ,In)' pe.lCc olll!:!:T h,ls re.1SI)ll,lhlr 
l"luse tl) hclre\T th,lt such person 
inl'tllwt! III .1 tr.lll k .Il'cldcnt h.ls been 
tim I ng under the influence III (//1\' drug." 
s.lid ~l'n.ltm George Murph),. 

- Christopher Canole 

1978 .. , 
The bioc hemistry of mystical 

experience - some would say it is 
almost a contradiction in terms. Dr. 
Arnold Mandell , professor of psychiatry 
at the UCSD Medic.II School, would say 
that both biochemistry and mystic 
experiences are the same , separated 
only by the fences of a cultural point of 
view. "We were working on the 
mech.lnism of action of hallucinogens 
like LSD and mescaline with p.lrticular 
reference to the brain mechanism we 
think is related to habituation ," 
explJined Mandell , 
1979 .. , 

Represent.Hives from both Coor 
Brewing Company ,md the Boycott 
Coors Committee , which h.ls ch.lrged 
Coors with unl:lir labor pmctices, will be 
on c.lInpus today to .lnswer questions in 
,\ forum at the Student Ce nter North 
Conference Room . 
1980 .. , 

The AS will circul.ltc .1 letter .1Il1Ong 
UCSD f,lcult)" st,I IT .lnd .ldministmtors 
urging "membe rs of the univerSi ty 
cOl11 munity to rl',lrmnge their norlll .11 
schedules" Mond.l), to cn,lble Sludents tll 
p,miup.lte m the ,lOti ·rcgistrJtiun r,lIly 
pI.tnnl'd th.1t ,lftcmOl.ln . The AS ollso 
gmnted 5110 It) lund thl' UCSD 
.Ippl',lnlnce 01 ,in ti -war ,\CtI\'ISt D.lvid 
H.mls. 

-Christopher Canole 

·UCSD Police Chief 
enforces new image 
By CHRISTOPHER CANOLE 

Revelle students nicknamed him 
Smoky. His 5'10" rouna , bear-li ke frame 
in a forest ranger-styled unifonn was 
topped by a Teddy Roosevelt Rough 
Rider campaign hat. He roamed the 
donns telling off-color jokes and Navy 
stories about his [Wenty years of service. 
Students befriended and helped him in 
his limited duties. From 1964-68 Smoky 
was The Law at UCSD. 

"Due to the volatile si tuation in 1968 
the University of Cali forma Regents 
decided to profeSSionalize all UC poli e 
departments." said UCSD Police Chier 
John Anderson, Until 1969, most UCSD 
police olTicers were retired military who 
wanted to just be security guards." 

But these numbers are not yet 
satisfactory to Chief Anderson: "We are 
concerned about the need for a larger 
number of minority and female officers. 
Right now the force is about 90% white 
males, The problem is they are not 
applying for the positions. 

"In Novembe r o f laSl year we c hanged 
from a law enforcement agency to a 
community service program. CSO is the 
student branch of this new program ," 
said Anderson . The CSO's duties are to 
escort students to any destination on 
campus, check parking lot and building 
security problems and report safety 
hazards. CSO operates seven days a 
week, from 5 pm- l :30 am, and can be 
reached by calling HELP. From 1969-81 the officers increased 

in numbers as UCSD expanded . The 
majority were still retired Navy 
personnel and their average age was 55. 
UCSD's police maintained a high 
military profile toward the student body. 

"In the last three years there has been 
an 80% turnover in the UCSD 
department: said Anderson. "The 
average age of the 17 sworn officers, six 
parking officers and three sergeants is 
now 35: This p~ogram of hiring 
younger officers to improve the image 
and attitude between the students and 
police is highlighted by the addition or 
23 student Community Service Officers 
(CSO). 

"Every once in a while a regular offier 
will call us to check out a disturbance to 
make an appearance as a visual 
deterrent. If anything develops we call 
an officer. Our job is observational," said 
Jeff, a CSO student officer. Jeff wears a 
yellow CSO jacket, flashlight, two-way 
radio, parking ticket book and keys to 
secure buildings at night. The remainder 
of his CSO uniform includes sweat shirt, 
jeans and jogging shoes. 

police," Chief Anderson satd. "We 
actually now discourage the SDPD from 
patrolling our campus. But this incident 
made me realize we needed to change 
our image, 

reach more obscure areas where 
problems arise . The only problem with 
bicycle units are the restraints due to 
the vaSl acreage we have to cover: 

"When I began here 14 months ago, a 
graduating senior told me she was 
surprised to learn UCSD had a police 
department. She thought the police 
vehicles on campus were the San Diego 

"One thing [ did last year was to ronn 
a bicycle patrol. Most of the police 
officers at that time drove to the center 
of campus, parked their cars and 
walked their beat. By using bicycles, we 
reduce the presence of the squad car, 
get the officer out to the people and 

Locker room thert is a rocus of 
Anderson's crime prevention program, 
"We have arrested the primary 
perpetrator of the locker room thefts. 
The thefts have decreased from 4-5 per 
week to 4-5 per quarter," said Anderson. 
"But theft is still a continuing problem, . 

" plcase lurn 10 page 0 

The bicycle patrol eliminates the presence of the squad car and provides police access to 
problem areas. 

uCSD Youce l..mej Jonn I\natTlOn nas seen a LUmover in his depanment , aecreaslng the 
average age oj the officers from 55 to 35. 

UCLA EXTENSION & CAMBRIDGE UNIVERSITY 

The Cambridge/UCLA Program is 
designed for adults looking for a 
unique educational and cultural 
experience, For a short time, 
become a resident student in a 
community with a 700-year-old 
tradition; enjoy learning through a 
series of lectures, lively small-
group discussions, and field trips , 
The program is held in Trinity HslI, 
which was founded in 1350 and 
overlooks the River Cam and the 
Cambridge Backs. There is time to 
explore the historic colleges of the 
University, the ancient City of 
Cambridge, and nearby medieval 

market towns and villages. London 
is only 60 miles from Cambridge, 

COURSES PLANNED: 
The Engli.h Village. Dick.n. and 
the Victorian Age • Churchill and 
Hi. Time •• Shake.peare: 
Practice and Imagination. The 
Let. Augu.tans: 1730-1780 • 
R.volution & R •• toration: 
History, Literatur. and Thought 
from 1840-1888. 8riti.h Politic.: 
The Clash of Idea •• Tudor 
England • Shak •• peare'. 
England. Self. Society, end 
Valu •• in 8ritain • Land.cape. 
and Garden •• The Archaeology of 

8ritain • 8ritain: Empir. and 
Commonwealth. Celt., Roman., 
and Saxon. • The Architecture of 
England. Engli.h Country Hou.e. 

Two thr .. -week •••• ion. are 
.cheduled July 8-28 and 
July 29-Augu.t 18, 1984, 
Enrollment is slso open for the 
entire six-week period. 
For further information and 
de.criptive brochure. write or call 
Cambridge/UCLA Program. 
Department UCSDG. P,O. Box 
24901 . Los Angeles . CA 90024; 
(213) 825-2085, 8 am to 5 pm. 



.t 

.. February 2. 1984 
UPl~IO:\ 

• • ~ , ... . ' • "A"' ..,' • • • 

CQmmenta~ 

Sexual harassment 
is a two-way street 
By DR. WARREN FARRELL 

Dr. Warrtn Fam:U is the author of The Liberated Man. He has served 
on the Board of the National Organ~ation of Womtn and co-foundtd tht 
National Orxan~tion for Mm. Ht has taught political scitnCt:, psychology, 
womtn'S studits and sociology at Rutgers, GeO~ttOW7l, San Dit:go Stale 
University and tht California School oj Professional Psychology. 

tn lytS,j. I was wnung a 0001< at Len.tral uorary caUed, iromcaUy, 
Why Mtn Art tht Way They An:. It was ironic because while on a 
break I walked past a male professor's office and heard some chairs 
moving an~ some. panting. A corn.er of a pap~r that played the role of 
window curtain had corac undone, exposing a prolessor and an 18-
year-oldish woman kissing and passionately making ouI. 

BOf.h the new srudy of sexual harassment from HalVard University 
and the guidelines for dismissing harassing professors just 
implemented at the University of California inc rude the new 
definitions of harassment, broadened to incorporate body language, 
gestures and sexist jokes, making what I smiled at in 1983 a major 
issue of 1984. 

Had I reponed them. and had they turned out to be student and 
professor. who should have been punished? Neither one, because 
they were two consenting adults? Or if she was 17. should the 
professor have been charged with statUlOry rape . but if she was 18. 
with sexual harassment? Or, ~cause of their roles, is it a type of 
incest? 

Should the female's classmates have filed a class action (no pun 
intended) suit against her for sexual bribery. a type of conflict of 
interest that leaves her with potential academic advantage over the 
men and less anractive women who are unable £0 pursue such 
opporrunities? Or. should male students file the suit since tht:)' are 
the ones discriminated against because of their sex? 

What happens if no one repons them? If it results in a 
relationship. will they call it love? If she gets rejected will she call it 
harassment? If so, he may sacrifice his entire career and be 
professionaUy humiliated. If married , he may lose his wife, be subject 
£0 a divorce suit and lose contact with his children - not an 
unrealistic ripple effect. Is the punishment disproponionate to the 
crime? 

If a university has anything £0 offer, it is the training to understand 
problems beyond the good guy/ bad guy level or, in the case of sexual 
harassment, beyond the oppresive professor/ victimized woman level. 
This is not £0 suggest that we should ignore the offense. Because. as 
with prostirution. when we don't address the cause of the problem, 
clamping down on the symptom JUSt alters the rurf of the prostirute; 
or, as with prohibition. it shoves the real problem underground. 

Regarding sexual harassment. professors and students. employers 
and employees will persist in it even more on the sly than now -
calling it love if it results in a relationship and harassment if it 
doesn·t. Let's look at the culture that breeds sexual harassment and 

flltn look at how to treat the symptom. 
First, sexual harassment is the outgrowth of a culture in which we 

teU men to take the sexual initiative. When they arc too polite ("May 
I kiss you, please?"), they're wimps or worms. When they ignore the 
preliminaries, they're womanizers at best, rapiSts at worst and 
harassers if they have authority. Until we encourage both sexes £0 
share the sexual initiative. sexual harassment will be one of the 
negative side effects. 

Sexual harassment is also the outgrowth of a culture in which we 
tell men that if you want. young. attractive women you must offer 
more than your body, or even your soul - you must have power. 
Then when they obtain the power we blame them for exercising it. A 
woman who uses her sexual power at the age of 20 is "growing up" 
- preparing for marriage. A man who uses his "a~hority power" at 
the age of 45 is in mid-life crisis. 

tiut sexual harassment is a misnomer: depending on the 
circumstances it can be either male authority bribery or female sexual 
bribery - or both. Both can be misuses of the instirution by people 
so concerned with trading the power they possess for the power they 
are desire that the integrity of the institution is diminished. However. 
stopping the symptom without altering the cause will lead to more 
hypocrisy than justice. 

As il It were not dangerous enough to call "mall' authority bribery" 
and "female sexual bribery" by the simplistic misnomer of sexual 
harassment. we now extend the use o( the term to that which is 
offensive: sexist jokes from those in authority (but not from those 
without authority) and sexual gestUres from those with atahority (but 
not from those wishing, perhaps, to get a quick ride £0 authority). 

During my research, it became clear to me that if we caU gcsrures 
and jokes sexual harassment and we put people'S jobs on the line, no 
professor. rn&c or female. would have a job that was not in jeopardy 
for more than a day. 

Sexism, and the resulting jokes and gcsrures, is within each of us. 
Blaming one group (e.g .. males) is a way to avoid examining 
ourselves. 

The more aware we are, the more we sec that if sexual harassment 
is defined as the bad joke ponraycd in the Guardian canoon, then 
the canoon itself. if shown by a professor in class. is a type of 
harassment in its caricature of male professors. 

TeUing a stUdent she or he must have sex to keep from failing a 
course is reprehensible. Fonunately, that form of extonion is easy to 
trap because submission of test scores would leave any professor on 
the verge of academic suicide. We can educate students and 
employees £0 expose authority bribery without throwing in sexist 
gestures and jokes to polrute the clarity. 

II <ellit<eIr ~n <ellit<elf ~n <ellit<elf~n <efr\t<eIr~n <efr\t<eIr ~ll <e{tit<eIrlll <ellit<elf ~ll <efrfr<elflll <ellit<elrSll <ellit 
fr<eIr~lettersn<eilit<elf~ll<ellit<elf~ll<eilit<elf~ll<efrfr<elf$n<ellit<elf$ll<ellit<elf$n<eilit<elrlllellit<elrl 
If ~ II <e{tlt<elf ~ II cellit<elf~ n <eilit<elf ~ll <e{hl<elr~ll <eilit<elf~ll <eilit<elr~ll ceilit<elf~ll ceilit<elr Ill<ellitelflll<e 
II <eilitceIr ~ll <eilitcelf ~ll <e?fillcelf ~ll ceilitceIr ~ II <eilit<eIr ~n <e{tlt<elflll <eilit<elf $ll <eilit<elf$ll<eitit<eIr II <e ilite 

Editor: 
The Gwm/ulII rl'cemly c.ml(~d 

.1 swr)' .llIeging th.1t the 
Dcp.lnlllcm III Cllmmunic.lllnn 
h.lll ,,!rc 1,1 rnl .1 "boycott" llr Ihe 
c,unpu~ &Iokstllre. ThiS IS 
.lbsolutl'l), r'llsc . • lnd we led it is 
llece!>s.1r}, to put the rl'cmd 
str.ught. The Dl'p,mml'm 01 
CllmIllUnIL\ lti'lIl h.ls no 
dcp.mllll'nt.11 poltc), gm'crnlllg 
course-bonk (Irders . . lIld nll 
Clllllpl.unts .IS .1 dcp.lnl11cnt 
,lb .. IUt thl' C.UllpUS 130(lkst(lrc. Our 
1,1l'uhy h,lVl' .1 ,·.tricry 01 dtllcrcllt 
pnltclcs: S<lI11C order b .. lllks l\lll )' 
rmm tht' C,lIllpUS &Illksltlrt· . 
Slll11t' ('nl), IWIll Groundworks. 
sOllle Imlll borh . The Dl'P,1I11Ilt'nt 
will continue ttl send ,lrdLTS tn 
I)<.)(h pl.ltl's .• IS 1I"l' h.lw in Ihe 
p.ISt 

-r he GII,In",1I1 .ullcie IS .1 
d,I~SIC l'X.Il11Pil' <.II h.1l1 
I(,urn.t1isl11 . The rl'portl'r. M leh.l<.'I 
I'.m<.ls. sp<.lkt· wllh llllly <.Ine 
pt'rSllll 111 thl' Dl'p,tnl11t'l11. JtI 
Snlllh . Wh'l h.lI1dks IW(lk ortlcr~ 
Illr Ihl' 1.ll'ult)'. Hc Ihl'l1 
pnx'l'l'dnl 1<.1 1,llxl ht'r , I 
-CllI11I11UI1 IC ,111<.111 Dc 1'.lI1l11e III 
Spllkc"I11,IIl ." 1111 "rcp I't·"elliing 
both ht'r gCl1dt'r ,lIld pllSllIllll . 
• lIld ntt' her rt'I11Mk~ .b Ihl'ugh 
Ihe}' rcprl'!>(.'nrnl ,I Illfl11.11 

dl'p.II1I11CI1l plllicy. And lin.llly. 
the edll<lr sl'lpped <.In .1 hCJdlinl' 
1.lbl'lIl1lg the whnll' thlllg ,I 
-bll}·cl1II." .1 tenn n,11 used by 
Smilh or '1I1ynllc l.'ISl' in the 
Dl'p.ml11l'n!. (Sl11 ith . ill I,KI. 
whel1 .Iskl'd whl'ther thl' 
Dcp.1f{l11l'nt \l'ould I Will nnw <.Ill 
nrdcr ils bonks 11'(\111 
Grllundwllrks. wid rhl' rep(mcr 
t'xp!iritly th,1I lutllrl' b,Ink orders 
w<.Iuld depend llil \l'h,1I till' 
Intll\·ldu.11 f.lclihy w.ll1Il'd 1(1 d'l ) 

We .Ipl,lngi:t· 'tH' .1Il} ' 
l'l11b.IIT.ISSl11l'nt Ih lS inCldl' lll h.ls 
l',lUsl'd ellhcr to Ihl' C,lIllpUS 
IkXlk,;I"rt' nr III Grnundwmks. 
.Intl IVe 11llpt: Ih.1( the GlIlIhli,/II 
Will till thc S,ll11e. 

Editor: 

Helene Keyssar 
for the Faculty in 
Communication 

I ,lin dlstrcssed by the 1.lck llr 
responsiblit}' ho\\'n b)' ,I few 
pcnple nn this C,lIllpUS. ,lIld Ihe 
GlwnllClII Editor. In thl' j.IOU.ll)· 
26 I!>SUO: 01 thc Gll(mli(1II thert' 
werl' (\I'll "comment,II) '" .Imdt·s 
IITmen on tht' subJl'cr 01 ,I drah 
Thl')' t'h""ged Iht' United :;'(.Ilcs 
01 111111l.lrism in ll'ring \'bi<.lns (II 
gnnse-steppmg N.IZIS. Tilts IS ,I 
hl.llc nt .ltte 111 pt .11 I I)' i ng 10 
dbton Ihl' IrUl' pKIUrt' <.II 

Americil's defensive posture. 
I will conceed thilt these 

.mlcles were Editoridls ilnd thilt 
the people who wrOle them have 
J Right to express their opinions. 
Ihis is il Right which is gml1led 
to .111 persons living in il Free 
COU ntry such JS our Uni ted 
SJles. Vet I believe thiu the 
editoriJI stall' W,IS irresponsible 
in ItS displ,l)' of the ,uric1es. both 
were pl'Ked Jt the lOp of the 
p,lge with vel)' bold I}'pe and 
rhe}' ,lppc,lred to be stmight 
news .uric1es; neirher letter was 
l'vcn ,Iddressed ttl Ihl' Editor as 
Ihi s Il'lIer is . 

The IIrst questiol1s ho\\' 
person.11 Iibl'nies C.1I1 coexist 
wirh d r,lrt rl'gistr.1tInn . Dmfl 
rl'glsrmtilll1 is onl}' pre <.:.1 uti llll'II)·. 
thl'rt' IS no d r.lli . 

Tllllse wh'l l'nlisl in Iht' 
Illllit.ll)· nl1W .Ire dl,ing so 
\'olul1 l.ml), Ihe}' h,l\'l' dcdlc,lIcd 
thel11sel,'l's In protl'CI rhe 
frced(1111 \\'l' .111 cr.II'C. 1/ ~lll11l' 
It'rl'ign gOVl'rnll1ent <.Ir .1I1}'b<.ltl y 
01 pt·r.,on!> Wlthlll rhls <.:ount l)· 
s<.Iughl In srrip us llf nllr IJrl'Cll'US 
Irect/olll . thl' millt.ll), wnukl be 
t11l'n: III dcll'nd Iht' Rlghl s "I ,III 
Il1dl\'idu.IIs In .In:ord.1I1l'l' wllh 
the CnnslIllIlion nl rhl' United 

SlJtes. Freedom is a very great 
priviledge. one which all in the 
world should enjoy. All those 
who have personal problems 
with the job they would be asked 
to do hilve il way out. they CJn 
decwrc themselves consciencious 
objeclOrs these people serve in 
'lon -combilt roles supponing the 
rest 01 the defenders of their 
freedom . I believe il world 
without Jrms would be 
wonderful . but let us face reality. 
No one in this country or Jny 
lllher Ilme country ean gUilmntee 
tot,11 peace until Jll the people 
serve III non-comb,1t roles 
supponing thl' resl of the 
defenders or rheir freedom . I 
belicvc ,I world without ,\TIllS 
wlluld he wonderlul. bur let us 
1'.1<':1.' rl',1Ii t}'. Nn nne in this 
m unt I)' ll r ,\11}' other lone 
count I)' GIn gu.\nllltre IOt.11 pt'CC 
unt iI .111 the people on th IS pbllel 
<':.111 llpcnl}' C()IllI11Ulllt"Ul' with 
t'1 't",v Ixxl}' cisl'. Idl'.lIislll is nk:l' . 
but lei us f'lcl' 1,I<.' ts. Let AIIl('rtC.1 
he Pll'p.ll'l'd tll defend our 
r rccd. 1111 . II Ill'cess-II)·. I rtllll 
.1I1)'ont' who l11ighl W.11l! In 1.lkt' 
It .m".l)' Inllll us Frt't'dnl11 .tr.d 
Dl'll'nsl' IS llur Rt'splll1s ihiltry . 

Peter Renevitt 

... 

Editor 
Tim August 

Managing Editor 
Phil Lauder 
Copy Editor 

. Joe Desideno 
Opinion Editor 
Grace Nielsen 
News Editor 
Usa Lapin 

Contributing News Editors 
Christopher Canole 
Steven R. Friedman 

Phil Willon 
Feahl~s Editor 

James Ralph Papp 
Arts Editor 

Andrew Keeler 
As5ocia~ Am Editor 

John Nee 
Spans Editor 
Jeff Savage 

Photo Editor 
Rich Pecjak 

General Mmasu 
Chris Milke 

Associal£ General MlDI8ers 
Linda Lewis 

Valerie McMullin 
Photographers 

Richard Caterina 
Rob Friedenthal 
Mark Johnson 
David NeweU 

lUWibators 
John Ashlee 

GameD Fitt-Henley 
TypeKtters 

Joe Desiderio 
Anggie Lapid 
Phil Lauder 

Andy Laurence 
Production 

Hana Abrams 
Susan Emmerson 

Lizz Fuller 
Vesna Kulasinovic 

KeUey Neal 
Staff Writus 

Lance Bernard , Ethan Feerst. 
Sergio Klier, Michael Panos. 

Dena Rosen. David Wolf. 

The UCSD Guardian is 
published Mondays and 
Thursdays during the aqdemic 
year by students at UCSD. Views 
expressed in the Guardian do not 
represent the views of the 
Regents of the University of 
California or the Associated 
Students of UCSD. All un-
initiillled editorials represent the 
views of the entire editorial 
board of the Guardian; initiaUed 
editoriills represent minority 
opinions of the editorial board . 
Reproduction . publication . or any 
usc without permission of ,my 
ponion of this newspaper 
without prior notification is 
stricrly prohibited. 

The Guardian welcomes signed 
lellers and commentary as 
outlined in the Opinion section; 
however. we are not responsible 
for unsolicited mJnuscriprs or 
.In . 

Our llnke is located southeast 
of the Re"elle Pmvosr Office next 
door ttl the Che Cafe on the 
UCSD <.:.lInpus. The Business 
Office is open from 9 .Im to 
noon and 1 1'11'1 l<.l 5 pill Mond,I}1 
Ihmugh Friu.I}'. 

Subscriptions nrl' ,lv,lil,lbk .lnU 
II ill hI.' 111.lllt'd first d.lss fnr SIS 
per qu.lI1c r. 

The UCSD Guardian 
UCSD,8-016 

La Jolla, California 92093 
(619) .52-3.66 

Two-way street 
continued from page 4 

Not many people rurn themselves in 
for exchanging a little sex for a higher 
grade thdn they deserved . Why? 
BeCJuse they ilre b()(n pilrtners rn the 
crime. When a person offers money 10 a 
police officer. who is bribing whom? 
The police officer. like the professor. 
h.:Is power viJ authonry. The offer of 
1110ney. though. is a bribe and also a 
form of power. 

When a woman IS talkrng to a 
professor and she gives him a "come 
hither" look (the equivalent of exposing 
d $100 bill?). IS rhat sexual bribery? Is 
charming her way into permission to 
turn in an exam l,lIe (the equivalent of a 
$50 bill exposed?) yet anorher form of 
sexual bribery? 

In an academic context . sexual 
flirtation . charming. and "come hither 
looks" are the equivalent of showing the 
wallet. exrosing a bill . then giving il 
nonverba cue. The police officer has an 
obligation to not pick up on rhe offer. 
and the driver can be arrested for 
making the offer. As with the prostitute, 
John and pimp, either aU should be 
arrested or none should be arrested . 

The symbols of this "come hither" 
look are rife on college campuses. Take 
for example the Flasndance shin. In 
Flasltdance the boss asked Jennifer Beals 
for a dilte between eight and 15 limes. 
She refused him. snubbed him, ignored 
him and then said ·Yes." He turned out 
to be her passpon 10 a dream. Had he 
nOl , she could have yelled sexual 
harassment. 

What. exactly. is the message here? 
Women who weJr Flashdance shirts (off-
the-shoulder) are nauntlng themselves in 
front of IT)en who risk constant rejection 
for their beduty and professors who 
would nsk fdmily and career for a kiss. 
[s the woman wearing the shin-off-her-
shoulder the equivalent of ,1 driver with 
d "fi fty" Iyi ng on the dJshbo.mJ j.ust in 
case someone who can be of help 
notices? 

FlasndclI1fe involved J woman who 
skipped pdSl hundreds of women ,md 
men who had worked hJrder and lo nger 
than she at a formal dance (like formJI 
educJrion). whose dream was facilitated 
by a man who could credte the 
connections. 

In order 10 preserve her appeamnce 
of Iibel'.1tion . she hit . slapped and 
slugged him ten times and then, proving 
herself independent, she took what he 
offered. It would be like AIJn Ald.l 
slugging a woman who hild offered him 
an easy Ph.D., and then accepting the 
degree. 

3 790 Mission Blvd. 
Mission Beach 

483-1651 

In Flashd(/J\('l' , Be.lls· dre.lm was 
ha'nded 10 her edsily. by "the IllJn who 
signs my pdyc heck ... the mall In Ihe 
Black Porsc he." the modem eqUivalent 
of the M.ln on the White Hor e. The 
woman who charms her way £0 .1n 
edsier aCJdemic life. looking for her 
"Professor on a White Horse" while 
hJving Ihe £001 of SCXUJI harassment 
there £0 slug him wllh If she doesn't like 
the outcome. should . if anything. be 
sped by men. 

In real life. Flashdance is all Mound us. 
The M.lry Cunningh.lm Cdse illusrr.lIes it 
as related to sexual harassment. Mary 
Cunningham was d CJuse celebre who. 
almost every commentator agreed. was 
unfairly accused of having sexual 
relations with William Agee. thr 
ChairmJn of the Board of Bendix. Both 
of them agreed she had "risen like a 
star" (from nowhere to assistant £0 the 
chairman) because she was "jUSt plain 
good" and that there was "absolutely 
nothing berween rhem but respect." 

Literally everyone used this case to 
illustrate how a woman - even when 
she was · perfect" would be subject to 
ugly rumors. and how she would 
ultimately be the one to make the 
sacrifice of losing her job. The man. in 
the power position, had norhing to lose. 
She was "the victim." 

The facts. it turned out. we re 
different. They both left their jobs - he. 
a career he t:ad worked toward all his 
life. she. one she had nashdanced to. 
Cunningham was offered over a 
hundred new positions. including the 
vice preSidencies of major companies 
and the vice preSidency of Seagrams. 
which she lOok. Agee started an 
international conglomerate. Months later 
they were married (there was "absolutely 
nOlhing berween them but respect") and 
within months afrer the marriilge she 
left SeJgrams and n.lshdJnced her way 
to an equal pannership with her new 
husbdnd in his International 
conglomerate. 

When will we learn Ihat female 
sexuality is an extraordinary form of 
power. more thiln the chiluvinist man 
knows (a fish is the last one to discover 
the ocean) and more th,m liberated men 
arc willing £0 acknowledge. When sex is 

. promised to someone with authority. 
there dre fWo rypes of power being 
exchanged. In the standard scenilrio. 
the people reaUy being hurt are the 
women who ilre undllractive £0 the 
person in authority .IS we ll JS all the 
men. 

Before we dichotomize mille prdfessor 
and female victim. let's look at the shirt-
on·-our-shoulder. 

February 2, 1981. 5 
OPI ..... I()~ 

the writer'. II 

Students, reality and 
the hungry stomach 
By PHIL LAUDER 

It's rime £0 go home. 
Vou've just spent eight hours at 

sc hool. studyi ng and going to class dnd 
perhdps workmg al I n on-campus Job. 
It·s been a tough d.lY. It·s Jbour to get 
tougher. 

You walk in Ihe fro m door. lurn on 
the light. close the door behind you .. 
dnd then it hits you. It hits you like a 
brick upside the f.lce: it's time to fix 
yourself somethmg 10 edl. 

The dreaded thought hJd occurred to 
you once in Econ . section - actUdlly 
four times in Econ. section - bUI eac h 

growling or you'll eal nai ls - tota l cost: 
len minutes. 

I'U address option one at a later date 
in time. As for option rwO , there are a 
lot of disgusting food -like items to fall 
back upon . My favorite is the macilroni 
and cheese dinner. which I had last 
night... .Ind the orght before . I'm talking 
about the stuff that comes ina box -
costs 23¢ and is worth every penny. My 
bmnd is generiC: plain white box with 
black letters outside and yellow-yellow 
"cheese" inSide. Good luck. Next comes 
Ihe frozen burrito. As you open it you 
think. "I hope to God this doesn't taste 

So now it's the moment of truth. Haslcally, two 
options present themselves: (1) get creative; scrounge 
around for a large, balanced meal; or (2) get banal. 

time you suppressed It. reigning Interest 
in the effecr of govemment spending 

like it looks." Luer you wish it had. 

, upon the Laffer curve. But you're nOl 
la[fing any more. It's time £0 fJce your 
enemy. You open the refrigemtor door ... 

Soups are good quick-and-cheap 
student-type meals. Anything with the 
word "ramen" in its name is usually safe. 
Boil the Wdter, dump the stuff in, and 
there you have it: boiled water with stull 
dumped in. Canned soups do the job 
100; only minutes £0 make, and you get 
bJck what you pUI into it. 

I, -

K'ffd there II is. Emptiness. Cold. 
lonely white em ptiness - bl,lck if the 
light's burned out. Actually , it't not 
complele emptiness. There is a pr of 
mustard In the far comer and ,I stick of 
margarine 5n the middle shelf. Hmmm .. . 
ndh . 

There d~ a 101 of th,ngs I like .tbout 
)tying on my own. Fixing meals is not 
one of them. All in ;lll . I'd much rather 
edr a meal th ,m cre,ue ol1e. Munch 
rdther. Even dorm food IS beuer Ih,m no 
food ,u .11i : Jt least it's always Ihere (rhat 
is probably the nicesl thing dnyone has 
ever written about UCSD dorm food ). 
For those of you who are living in the 
dorms and think you're living "on your 
own." leI me welcome you to reJIiIY. 
Re,dily IS ,I hungry Stom.lCh. little food 
to work with dnd even less culin,lty skill 
10 work it with . Thdt's reality. 

So now it's the moment of trulh dnd 
you've got to do something Jbout your 
slOm;lch. Bilsically. twO options present 
themselves: ( I ) get c re,~!i ve : scrounge 
around for .1 hlrge. bJIJnced meJI th.u 
will m.lke your interior happy - totJI 
cos t: an hour and .1 hJlf; or (2) gel 
bJn,ll; throw somelhing disgusting into a 
pot 'lIld tell your srom,lCh ro SlOp 

In fact. canned anything will usually 
tum the quick trick. C.lnned beans, 
cdnned corn . canned tuna . cilnned liver 
(7). cdnned spam. spam. spam. spam ... . 
it's .III the same in the end . Serve it with 
Ihe burrito. But do keep nutrilion in 
mind JI .1\1 times. 1 try 10 get al least 
th ree of the four basic food groups in 
eve ry meal: fdts . salts. cholesterol and 
StJrch. 

Perhaps you feel I lit the mold of the 
cI.lss ic male student who can't do diddly 
for himself. Vou're perceptive . 

I remember J student writrng in last 
yeJ r suggesting thdt the Guardian stan a 
food column providlllg recipes for 
qUick. easy meals for students who dre 
lost in a kItchen . B.:Ick then I came 
home every night 10 d cooked meal. and 
1 remember smiling at this student's 
ludicrous thought: who the hell would 
read a food column. anyway? 

The smile is gone. The hunger 
continues. 

* * * 
The refrigemtor door shuts. "Hello. 

BJ's?" 

Do it in Comfort! 

With earphones to listen to your favorite music, 
nitrous oxide to relax, and a 10% discount with your 
UCSD I.D. carci. University Towne Dental Group will 

help brighten your smile tor the new year in com1ort. 
Oller expires 1-31 -84. 

UD1v8rs1ty Towne Dental Group 
University Towne Centre 
4525 La Jolla Village Dr. 

453-2070 



6 February 2, 1984 

UC eligibility requirements don't 
match high school courses 

"Ir we can ask the right questions in 
the rollow up studies, there is a 
petenllal ror making those (policy) 
recommendations," he said. 

Results from the follow up may also 
determine how well high schools 
disseminate infonnation concerning 
grants and outreach programs to their 
students. The effectiveness or counseling 
programs may also be revealed. 

By JACKIE AFFONSO 
Sacnammto Comspondtnt 

A study which could shape ruture 
state policy decisions regarding student 
preparedness ror higher education is 
being undertaken by the California 
PostSecondary Education Committee. 

The 1983 Eligtbllity Study, the first of 
its kind, aims to estimate and monitor 
high school graduates' eligibility to 
enroll at the University of California .md 
Calirornia State University. 

leaming how the new admission 
guidelines, requiring .1 third year high 
school m<\th course (effective in 1986) 
will "ffect eligibility, Director of UC 
Admissions Ed Apodaca said . 

-We are particularly interested In 
finding out the eligibility rate among the 
ethnIC groups," he said . 

Apodaca said the information which 
the study provides will also "allow the 
university 10 set re.llistic goals in terms 
of minority enrollment ." 

The final part of the study is a live 
)'CJr follow up of high school grad u,l[es , 
conducted by mail questionnaires three 

times a year. The postgmduates will be 
sent an initial questionnaire and then 
.Idditional ones corresponding to their 
lifestyles. 

CPEC hopes to find out what factors 
contributed to the graduate'S decision to 
go on to college or work. 

The State Department of Education, 
according to consultant Paul Gussman, 
finds part three of the study most 
valuable. He said information derived 
from these results may be innuential in 
future legislative policy-making 
decisions . This would d~[lI'nd, however. 
on the accuracy of the study, he said. 

"This will be students' principal 
opponunity to tell the system why it 
does or does not work," Harrison said. 

CPEC's biggest concem is getting 
everyone involved to participate. For 
example, a 50 percent return rate is 
necessary on the follow up surveys to 
validate the results. Consequently, CPEC 
is now launching a media campaign to 
impress upon all panicipants the value 
of the study. 
A preliminary report on the first pan of 
the study will be presented to the 
commission on January '30. The total 
cost of the study is S 200 ,000. 

CPEC is a citizen board established 
in 1974 by the legislature to provide 
policy analysis and recommendations to 
the legislature and the governor. 

Now in the prelimin.try stages, the 
study consists of three pans. Pan one is 
a survey of 1402 public and pnvate high 
school course offenngs to determine 
whether or not they m.ltch those 
required for admission to the UC or 
CSU systems. 

Results rrom this analysis may show 
that Individuals who want to go on to 
the univerSity are prohibited by their 
high school curriculum, according to 
John Harrison . CPEC aSSOCiate director. 
" 0 student should be denIed to enroll 
10 college because their high school 
doesn 't ofTer the courses: said Harrison. 

UCSD Police checking lor UCSD ID's. We cannot ask people to leave the campus because we 
are a public institution. If students are 
concerned I can only stress more 
community involvement if and when 
these people cause problems." 

Part two, Similarly conducted by the 
commission eight years ago, IS an 
analysiS of 15 ,000 random high sc hool 
transc ripts. These will be sent to UC 
.md CSU admissions ofTi ces where their 
eligibility will be dete rmined under the 
universities' ,ldmisslOn requirements. 
Eligibility will also be categon zed by sex 
and ethn ic lty. 

Besides eVJluJting the transcripts sent 
to them, the Uni versity IS Inte rested In 

""11111,, ... 1 /1'(1111 I'''~L' J 
from perry purse and wallet thefts to 
grand theft of computers. We have a 
crime prevention ofTicer who counsels 
campus groups on the use and 
implementation or security devices . We 
suggest students use there own locks in 
the gym as the best preventive device ." 

To strengthen the security of 
buildings on campus, the police are 
computerizing their key control 
program. This will improve the police 
and departmental records of who h· 
authorization and use of access to 
different buildings. 

One problem the chief did not 

anticipate when he arrived here is 
alcohol abuse. "The thing that has 
bothered me most is the alcohol abuse 
on campus which has resulted in four 
deaths since my arrival. I am not a 
prohibitionist, but the problem must be 
addressed ." Anderson's comments have 
also been renected by many UCSD 
students complaining of the high school 
students who come to campus to get 
blasted . 

When asked about the talk of 
est3blishing student p3trols to check ror 
UCSD photo JD's to discourage high 
schoolers from hanging Out on campus 
Anderson replied, "I do no\ believe in 

Chief Anderson tS determined to 
improve the relationship between 
students and his officers, but some 
problems still exist. Last night this 
reporter and two new indicator writers 
were walking across campus when an 
officer in a patrol car stopped us for 
quesrioning. Today Chief Anderson said 
he felt the officer's actions were a form 
of harassmem that embarrass the 
changes he IS trying to implement. 

Changing J public image is not easy. 

PHI DELTA THETA 

Go 
Cross-Country 
Skiin This Frida , 

• 

'~ ill6e 

It lets you head for the hottest skiing 
this season-without going off campus. 

And while you're speeding along. you'll 
be raising money for a local charity. 
Plus, you'll be in the running for special 
Canadian Club Challenge hats, T-shirts 
and trophies. 

Get in on the action now. And find out 
why this weekend, cross-country is 
where all the fun is going. 

Charity: Lou Gehrig's Disease 
" . Friday. Feb, 3 

12:00 to 3:00 
REVELLE PLAZA 

Cover StolY-

Professor Ken Bowles loses 
millions by signing a UC contract 
""" ill II"" /"'111 I~j);l' 1 to stop all business transactions. 

In 1955, Ken Bowles I1nished his thesis on radar The UC Regents were forced to look at the dilemma. 
studies of the upper atmosphere, using computers to An institutional decision was made to sell the 
compile his data at CorneU University under the copyright license to a private business; a San Diego 
guidance of the already world-renowned Henry Booker. firm named Softech Microsystems WdS chosen. 
That research spawned the use and subsequent It should be understood that there IS a gredt 
development of computer technology which would difference in the standdrd UC policy regarding 
follow Bowles for the rest of his life and cause him to copyright Jgreements dnd patent agreements. Policy V-
rise in both dcademic acclaim and serious controversy. A, Section 2 of the official University copyright policy 

After years or work and research on radar studies states: "Copyrightable materidl. other than books, 
with the famous Aurora Borealis at the University of musical or dramatic compositions, architectural 
Alask.t, Bowles joined the UCSD staff in 1965. He designs, paintings, sculptures, or other works of 
joined Booker, who came in iolS chairman the same comparable type, shall be the propeny of the 
year. as the second member of the SI.1ff which housed University dnd shaU, at the University'S option , be 
approximately 1,000 graduate and lSO undergraduate copyrighted in the name of the Regents." (Note the key 
students. From 1965 to 1967 computer use phrase "other than.") Computer software f.llls under 
skyrocketed on campus; consequently, arguments and this category of copyrightable material. This is different 
disputes erupted concerning the "shared" computer from patentable research since a patent generaUy refers 
use of the one large Burroughs computer then in to a "process" (e .g., the intemal combustion engine), 
service. Bowles and the project staff needed one small dnd under the UC patent policy the duthor/ inventor 
computer to effectively conduct that research . UC filled would receive SO% of all royalties and fees. Since 
the need and , as Bowles says, "Things skyrocketed software fa Us under the copyright pr(wi~ion . it does 
from there." ~-----------: 

As always, politics and nature 
played their (ateful hand. A fatal 
illness struck the director or the 
Computer Center, Clay Perry, and 
Chancellor John Galbraith needed 
a successor. Galbraith also 
concentrated on the Computer 
Center for other reasons: the 
future looked promising for the 
EECS Department, the Computer 
Center and UCSD. Still, Bowles' 
research was experimental and 
already highly controversial. 

Time would teU the outcome of 
the project. During the 1970 
McElroy regime, school politics got 
messy and researchers couldn't do 
their jobs. The University wanted 
to return the large Burroughs 
computer (on grounds of cost 
efficiency), and this placed the 
researchers "between a rock and a 
h.trd spot," says Bowles. By the 
summer of 1974, Bowles was 
thoroughly frustrated and took a 
sabbatical leave in residence to 
think things over. 

He returned in the fall and 
started work on the computer 
language Pascal using UC facilities , 
an upgraded computer dnd 50 
graduate students, dll of whom 
were software engineers and who 
rallied to the heavy demands of 
the depdnment . Bowles and his 
resedrch staff developed UCSD 
Pascal, and by 1978 had built it 
into a $500,000 a year enterprise . 
Hundreds of businesses were 
clamoring ror the software 
packdges, and a new market WdS 
born . 

Selling 
your 
soul to The birth of UCSD Pdscal took the UC Regents and [he Internal 

Revenue ServICe by complete 
surprise . According to University 
philosophy, the UC system has 
three main goals: 1) to operate .15 

the U.rC 
.m cduc.ltionJl institution; 2) to gcnemte research; Jnd 
J) to roster public service. No where in the University 
"nxle of ethics" is the m.uketing or a commercial 
prnduct de,llt wtih . UC is ,I non-prollt org,mizatlon, 
ueulcated III those three b.lsic tenets. "We .Ire not 
striving for .1 mmmerci.ll enu ." 5.IYs V.m j.lhnes-Smith, 
m'IMger of the UCSD Business OfTice. "We Me here to 
pnx.luee new thought ,md theory , nm 10 uevr.lop a 
m.lrket.,ble item ." But UCSD P"sc,ll was just th,l! . It 
urvcloped inm ,I st,uc-of-thl'-,Irt computer langu.lgr 
whICh would 51,md firmly beside the fund.unent.11 
BASIC (tle"clopetl .11 D.lrtmouth) nnu thl' other c:urrl'nt 
computer soflllme systems In the 11<11 Ion . J.lhnes- . mith 
• Igreed th.u he hau no .msw('rS fllr the l'olllputer 
rcsc.m:her ("Thc)"re in .1 [(lugh pllSilion."), .lttesting 
th,1I .1 conlhet (II interl'st diu .Hise !x'tll'een UCSD 
1'.lsc.11 .mtl Ihe Fcuenll govcrnment. 

An:,lrding tll J,lhnl's-Smnh. the rl'\'enlll' gl'Ill'r,ltl't! n)' 
UCSD P,lsc'll II'.IS I.lrger th,m l'xPCctcu . • md thl' IRS 
,tepped in .1Ilt! ,Isked . "Wh.1I .Ire you dOing?" ' incl' 
the UC system b t.IX CXl'll1p\. ,Isscnrd Ihe IRS. II 
C,lnntlt jllstlf)' pl'lllits Ill.ltk irnm .m)' cOlllllll'rC:I.II 
l'lltl'lprisl' Thl'l'l'lllI'e , l3oll'b .1I1U 11Is UCp,lnl11Cnt h.ld 

nOi gu,mmtee .my roy.,hies 10 the .Iuthor. 
BASICs development ,II J).lI'tmouth SCt " preceuent 

in computer softw.lre rese.,rch. Dr. Tom Kurtz he.lded 
the rese.lrch te.lln whil:h developed the BASIC 
wmputer l.lngu,'ge system in 1963. He reveals thaI 
BASIC W.IS nevcr cnpyrighted , but left free to world 
tmue development. "No one owns BASIC," s.IYs Kurtz. 
"We lelt it \\Illultl nllt h,wc seen such wide 
development il we sold .1 license (() ,Iny one p,lrticulJr 
finn . This h'lppencd to us with .Ir. e,lrlier project 
n'lmeli TRAC. We sold it ,tnd then it promptly died . 
Wl' lI'en=n't going to m.lke th ," mist.,ke .lg,lin. Now ),ou 
sec BASIC pmgmms everywhere." 

But why sh\lllitl computer slll"tw.lre be copyrighted 
InStl'.ld of p.llented? Dlx'sn '( the computer l,mgu.lge 
rum:tion .b .1 prllc:ess? "No, nm eXdetly," replIes Kurtz . 
"The l.mgu,lgl' is ,Irmnged In suc:h .1 W.I)' th,lt II c.m bc 
re.llI tIl perionn infnrm,ltilm,11 runctlons; in short, it's 
lIke rc,ldlng ,In .mell'nt I.mgu.,gc , ,inti ),ou c,m't p,ltcnt 
th.1t ,Ibllit)' ." 

There h.ls hl'Cn no Suprl'mc Court decision 
rl'g.lrutng the cop)'nght of computer oltwMe. It 

appears that a consensus agrees rna.t sottware taUs 
under the copyright law. This point brings us back to 
the UC policy concerning copyrightable material "other 
than" books, musical or dramatic compositions, etc., 
where the material "shaU be the propeny of the 
University ... (and) the University mayaUow 
employees ... to share in any royalties which accrue 
from the sales or ledse of such material outside the 
University ." (Note the key words "may aUow.") The UC 
Regents don't have to pay any royalties if [hey deem 
that [he University'S costs and income share exceed 
that of the authors' contribution . This differs from the 
patent policy in which the inventor would receive his 
fair share of the royalties and fees. 

Asked if he received any royalties from UCSD 
Pascal , Bowles answered an emphatiC, "No!" Why n<x? 
"Because of messy politics." Asked why Bowles 
received no royalties for the project, Jahnes-Smith 
replied , "It's a question of authorship. A lot of people 
worked on thJt project, and it's hard to say who 
should get what share of the royalties: An institutional 
decision was made to sell the license (in the name of 

the UC Regents), and to disperse 
the royalties back into the 
program. 

How much money is involved? 
Human nature prevailed again 

and people got squemish when 
large sums or money started rolling 
around in their heads. No clear 
cut amount was arrived at, but 
approximately five percent of 
royalties are paid to [he UC 
Regents br Softech. But five 
percent 0 what amount? Softech, 
after the purchase of the UCSD 
Pascal license, has boomed to a 
S10 million a year business. Of 
course. not all of this business was 
generated by UCSD Pascal, but 
most is generated by UC projects. 
Thus, five percent amounts to 
$500,000 a year. This fee is then 
reduced due to business costs and 
institutional fees; still, an 
approximate half million is hard 
to turn your back on . 

Bowles is bitter about the 
agreement . The politiCS of the 
University and the Federal 
government , along with the 
economics of the business world , 
stripped away Jny rights he may 
h.lve had concerning the UCSD 
P'Isc.l1 system . 

Would Bowles have fared any 
better in the private sector? 
Apparently not. If he had worked 
and headed a research team 01[ , 
S,IY, IBM, the developed software 
would have become property of 
that comoany. Bowles would have 
received ,I lat bonus anu a 
promotion, but his name would 
not be publicly .Iffiliated with the 
project. UCSD Pascal could have 
bcen c.lllrd the IBM-SL2lO, or, for 
th,lt matter. the IBM Pascal. 

Also, iI !klwles had worked for a private research 
,md development institute , such as the Salk or Scripps 
Institutes , the Solmc thtng would have happened , 
except tn this C3se drug research IS the hot item. If he 
h.ld developed, let's say, Tylenol, the privJte R &' D 
linn would own the patent on it. In Tylenol's case, 
McNeil Labor.ltories, a subsidiolry of the giant Johnson 
&: Johnson Company, would h3ve had all rights to the 
pJtent. Johnson &: Johnson would have given Bowles 
,md his sl"ff their fair shJre of the royalties, a pal on 
the b.lck .Ind nothing more . The only way scientists 
Jnd rcse,\rehers achieve any notonety in the private 
sector IS through awards. And few Nobel prizes are 
,lw'lrded e.ICh yc.lr . 

Consequently, Bowles was in a stand-off with 
rcg.mls to UCSD Pascal. He got no money, but he did 
get nmonety, Jnd he also kept his job at the 
University. In keeping that job it seems that he had to 
give up his "first bom" project. He and other 
rcsc",chers like him sold those first borns' souls to 
rcsc,lreh and development. As Dr. Faustus might have 
;aId In Bowles' case, "What I got in return for seUing 
ny soul W.IS not what I h"d barg.,ined ror." 



8 February 2, 1984 

By JAMES RALPH PAPP 
The collegiate character celebrated in 

popular novels, and no doubt unpopular 
ones as well , consists mostly of the 
undergraduate's youthful high spints, or 
bad manners, meeting with the sober 
academic traditions of the university's 
last hundred, four hundred, or thousand 
years. At UCSD we have the 
disadvantage th.lt the college traditions 
are largely younger than the 
undergradUJtes. Our own bad m,lJlners 
fil in rather weU with our archlleclUre , 
and the), are as Emily POSI 10 our 
Interior decoratIOn . UCSD not onl)' IS 
young but mes to give every appearance 
of It as well , so for an)' son of [radmon 
one must go elsewhere . One such place 
IS nowhere more else than La jolla; it IS 
john Colc's Book Shop, which has bern 
here ,lbOUI twice as long .. s UC 0 has. 

john Cole , Irom the hook busmess In 
ChICago, and Barb.H.I Cole , from Ihe 
Yale Libr.I!)', began the shop m 1946. Its 
first loc.ltion , which Ih ey occupied for 
20 years, \\'as m the center of wh,lt IS 
now La joll.1's busmess dislrlcr , an old 
house that was 10m down to m,lke way 
lor an ,lrchlleclur,11 exc resence to hold ,I 
bank . The present localion IS much 
more mteresting to us , both hecJuse of 
Its continu1Jl!! eXlstpnre ,md becJuse of 
its connect ion with UC D. 

It is a cOllage set m ,I large 1.1\\11 next 
to the Museum 01 ContemporJry An. 
Virgmia Jnd Ellen Browning Scri pps 
(the latter benefactor of Scripps 
Institution ,I nd aunt of Mrs. Roger 

To be tasted, swallowed or chewed and digested 

John Cole's Books 
Reve Ue) used il as a guest house, among 
which guests was included the naturalist 
john Burroughs. Later it housed the 
Balmer School. Mrs, B,llmer letting it 
from the Revelles. The Balmer School 
grew into La j oll.1 Country Day School. 
now on the eastern outskirts of UCSD, 
and 17 years i.lgo, when john Cole's 
needed a new old bouse, the Revelles 
offered the cortage. 

The buildmg IS safe from the 
covelOusness of La Jolla's fi nanCIal 
communi ty , If community is the right 
word , because it is now a hi storiC 
landmark. It forms , as the Revelle's 
hoped it would , a cultural square , or 
some sort of polygon, with the Museum 
of Art , the Lajo\la Women's Club, the 
Recreation Center and the Presbyteria n 
and Episcopalian churches. 

But more important th'lIl the building 
are the books in it, ,md perhaps eve n 
more importJnt than the books are rhe 
people who write and buy them. Barbara 
Cole, who has kept running the shop 

si nce the death of her husband some 
years ago, ascribes their nearly fort y 
years of success to the luck at having hit 
upon a good clientele, both Iiteraty and 
faithful. The quality of the clientele one 
can just as easily asc ribe to the quality 
of the shop, which has a comfortable 
atmosphere, visits from a number of its 
authors dnd d I.lrge cl)Uection of books. 
Mrs. Cole does not have "the vaguest 
idea" how many titles she carries. 
"Maybe 4O,OOO? Maybe 75 ,0007 Who 
knows1" 

Of course the measure of any good 
bookstore is not how many books it 
c.1rries but whether it carries the right 
ones. john Cole's does not jusr carry rhe 
chain bookstore fare of pulp besr sellers 
and potential best seUers. Its selecrion is 
carefuly researched, and there is J smJII 
section for books our of print, including 
some interesting trdve! books from the 
19th and 20rh centuries, For wh.l{ Mrs. 
Cole does not carry, which is a not large 
category, she sends people to D. G, 
Wills', and vice versa, 

Barbara Cole in Che children 's room of the Baok Shop. 

Letter of Persuasion BLACKWELL'S Rook..,lIcra 
Dear Sir: 

In thc J,muJI) 12rh cdltlon III TIt.' 
peSD GlllIIdwll Yllur Cllrrc~ponucnt 
Emil)' ShJ(:h .Iskcu. "Wh.1I br.1I n InIUfiCS 
wcrc sullcn:tI hy LOUIS.I MusgTllI'l' III 
Ch.lprl'r 12 nl ].mc Au~tl'l1 " I'crSU,ISIL1117 
Although /o..l1s5 Austc 11 InCllllllllS ,I 
"contUSI(l11 " I.lter 111 thc Ch.lplCf hn 
descrlptloll IS Cllll~ I Str11l with .1 
co nCUSSIOIl or ~uddcn los~ 111 
Cll IlSClllUSnl',S rc uiling h01l1 .1 tr,IU1l1.lIll 
IIKltlC11t A ClIllt U~~J()11 Ill'cd nol 
Ilcu:s5..nl) be .lLlllmp.lll lcd b), brUl511lg 
ll'OntU, IOIl ) .lnd result, rro1l1 sn.lpplllg 
III ,1\(In~ , Uclll,:.IIC, clong,lll'd 'trUULl1T~ 
which Ll11lnCll IlCrVl' cdb to lhc ,>CIl'>llr) 
org.IJlS ,IIlU muscles The hr,lIn IS ,I '>oft 
dcllc,ltl, org.11l whlLh ,Ihhllugh \\('11 
protcued by Ihe skull I'> \'ulnl'r.lhk tll 
the InJUri CS ,lssoti .ltcLi with .lLn'll'r.1tIllll , 
DUring ,I I ,til lhc br,lIn UlIlUllue,> III 
Inll\'C ,dter thl' Iwd) h.I' Ll11l1e to rl'~l 
hCIl .1 short 1.111 C,1Il 111\'01\" '>lgnilll',lllt 
,lcu:lcr,1tI01l '\5 your LorrespullLicll1 
nllteu .,he In.l)' h.l\'l' I.tlkll 1111 her h,lIld~ 

,Inti knees. WhlC'l \\'oilld expl,lIn lhe 
.Ibsl'nce of cxtl'rn.11 hrulses but would 
not precludc concussion tlue to 
• In:eicr,lIIng Inluf)' F,lr lrom "th,' 
Inlunl', belllg suspect" Ih,' IIlCldcllt JS 
descnbed h)' MISS Au,tcll I, mctitc,llIy 
credlhk C,lpl.111l f3cl1twiL!< 's re1l1.lrk 
.Ihour lhe .I(cldeilt bl'lllg lu~r ".1 sl lghr 
Il11!" I' f)'plc.11 1:ngitsh underst.It,'1l1l'llI 
"Illcrgmg n(1 dllllbt Iro1l1 .1 sriff uppcr 
lip 

Sincerely 
Henry C. Powell , MD 

Associate Professor 
Pathology Department 

\\l' ,\I th,' 1'l'r~Pl'l.lI\l'~ 11Il'1,II') ~l'1IIl11l 
I,,"k \\ Ith ~1I1~1.1l[1"1l .11 Ihl' h.l(1p> 
rl':."luIIl1l' "I thl;. plllhle111 ~ct 1<11 th 
"'1m' 1;';'lIC,> ,1):11 \\'C rh.l11\" hlllh 
Cl1 ITl"Pl111d"11I' Il1l' lil,'11 It'tll'I' .l11d 
111\'11" "thl'! rl"ldl'r~ \11111 qllC,Ulllh "I 
,111~\H'r, III \I III,' III lh 

S lIl" II ,I 1')"1,. il"'"n~ pl.lH· ~ /I". H'n' h",ok,\ .. , .. I I "'M ~ .. I~tl "" lin -
n l with ~h .. : h.·~ full uf huclk .. , full 01 
t.,hl." . n\I'r, .. 1 \\ IIh '""tk .. , I'.l ..... l!!.·' 
oIml " .. i,... 1"" .. 1 "hh .1Il,1 1'.kling t" 
ilion' 1 ... ,1., .. . TIl\' 'tr, II ..... ,. \\ .h 
h",1I~:d up" it" huul.. ~ "".- hnl\' " II 
•• , I"i' m" , :'101\1 "'" ,',lIIh ' I n .1I .. lurh 
u .. ur,} .... II" 10 h\l\ . 
'"'''' 'II\M"\" \ ':111" .", "'"Hth 

A.,II l'<" I .. , • ),:111\· .... 1' .. " .. 
" I (hl .. r,1 IIWIt 
• 1I1t1 h!loL. III\in!.! 
d .. hlll""i 10 II~ ' 
lIniH "'I~ l 11\ 

IIROAD ST., OXFORD 

,\ Illllnhl'I 01 \\l'l'b ,Ig" \\,' pnlll,'d 
thb ,ldH'I1I'>l'1l1l' 11i 1\11 1l1,lck\\l'1I ~ 
Bllllkselkr;, IIllI 1111"l1d1l1g til ~lIgg"'>1 \ll' 
Il'WI\(' ,I p,llrll11,lgc I n111l Ih .1I ,llIgu,t 
1111t1 ,J\tilllugh \\(' \\ I ~h It \\l'1'e ", hUI 
Ihlng 11 ,I~ ,Ill ,'\,11111,1<: III th l' '<III III 
h"nk-Inn' \IL' h"pl' III lilld III I ill' L c.,n 
,1Il"1 l ' nl"l1UI1,It,'h Ih ,' ,.lptl l'l1 

The house and its contents attract 
people from the University (and the 
University attrJcts Mrs. Cole , a Friend 01 
the Library), the Museum of An, the 
Valencia Hotel, the foreign community 
(it stocks children 's books in various 
languages) and all over La jolla and the 
city. It is equally successful in attracting 
authors, and its scrap book has, among 
many other things , drawings by Gus 
Arriol.1 and Dr. Seuss .1nd some verse by 
Christopher Morley, as well as notes 
from authors of books like Airports oj 
Baja Ca lifornia and In Sea rch of Ancient 
Asl YO n0111 C rs . 

Also saved 111 rhe scrap book is .1 note 
from Andy Wright of our Litera ture 
Department, whose new book on 
Trollope is for sale In the shop, on an 
Australi.1n author who f1l11shed up 
Sandi/on for j.1ne Austen. The bookcover 
for Explon ng the Deep Pacific, by HOlien 
Raitt , wife of professor emeritus Russell 
Raitt , is there, picturing the aurhor at 
her Iypewriter on the deck of one of rhe 
Scripps ships. 

In most college towns, bookstores 
grow up around the colleges. In ours, if 
we have not exactly grown up around 
John Cole's , it has been a magnet for 
th,1t part of the campus community thar 
knows about it We hope thar part will 
grow in pro portion to the whole , for 
John Cole's Book Shop is possibly one 
of the most pleas.mr places in San Diego 
to buy, or even nor to buy, a book. 

expl'lining this, wh.1t we Colli the cutHne, 
WJS cu!. Since this is our second 
insmllmenr in our series sc,lrch ing lor 
rhJr kind of bookstOre , we consider thiS 
an .Ippropri ,uc momenr to c1Jrify ou r 
previous cryPtiC Jctions. 

Th is Friel ,l)' is the 1,lst d,I)' to depos il 
)'our Iiter,lry .lJld .Irtisrie Ilots..lm ,md 
jCts,lI\l Ill r cnnsidcr.1tion iLlr TIt .. BinI. (/,~ .. 

l~l·""W. This sllnple l·ullllin.Hinn nl the 
ere.ltI"C proces, 1ll.1)' be perii,mllcd .It 
the nllkes nl th r Dep,lrtlllcnts III 
Llter.Hurl' , VISU.t1 Art s, C01l1Illu111c:,ltilln-., 
Dr,I111.1 .md Ml1 ~k. ~lI hllli sslll 11 is n pl'n , 
01 coursl', nil I) ' tll , "cict)'\' re.II .lrtISb. 

UC~D u11dl'1'gr.ldll.ltl'S . 

\Vl' ~h (1u ld Ilkl' III rC1\IInd re.lders .l11d 
P"tl'11U.t1 \\TItL'I'S th.lI 11ext l ucsd.l), ,It 
n<111 n 1;, thclr 1.1 ,1 ch,l11n' III ,Icld tn thL' 
l'\ ,'I' l11lTl'.bl11g pill' II I l'l1lneS Illr the 
lInrl'.ld.lbk Iln'lb C<111tc"t )ll111 
l'tllllP,I11 ), with till' dl;.tll1gul.,hl'd gnlup. 
l11ciudl11g ,111 l'.\·C.t1l111l't I-Ii11bl,' r wlmh 
el1 tl'1'l'd rhl' i)l' I,',I,lhk C h,II'.ILler 

L'llI1IC~[ r\ lL'\\ p.1i.lgr.lpl" III dl'fCI1'l' III 
<1 Ill' , dl t11l l' .ill' .i11 th.1t I:. Ill'etkd. 

l . nrlle~ wtll he pll11ll'd ,llld .1 Iilll' 
P,IP"lh'lUl1d hn<1\.; \\ ill he ,1\\ .lrdnl III 
11U I \\llll1l'1 

Tritons look to Spirit for help 
By MIKE GREENBERG 

Almaugh it is probably S(iD too early 
in the season to be pushing the panic 
button, tomorrow night's contest with 
diviSion-leading Point Lorna Nazarene is 
one the UCSD men's basketbaD team 
must win if it has visions of a home 
COUIt advantage in this year's NAJA 
District III playoffs. 

In losing to Cal Lutheran 84-80 
Tuesday night, Tom MarshaD saw his 
club faD to 1-5 in league play, three fuD 
games beyond Point Lorna, But for the 
first time mis year, the Pavilion wiD be 
packed as a Spirit Night crowd 
estimaled at 1,000 will gadler to see if 
UCSD can pull off me up5Ct of the year, 
Tip off is at 7:30. 

Rtvenge should be a factor as the 
Tritons stiR remember laS( year's defeat 
at horne to the Crusaders mat caused 
UCSD to play its first pla)lOff game on 
the road instead of at home (me tum 
lost to Azusa Pacific). The two teams 
met earlier in me year with Point Lorna 
winning 80~4. In fact, head coach Ben 
Fosrer has a four-game winning S(reak 
against the Tritons on the line tomorrow 
night 

Fosrer, the rnarvelous Crusader coach 
who led his spirited club to the NAIA 
semifinals in Kansas City last year, 
seems 10 be accomplishing me same 
trick this season as Point Lorna has 
surprised me critics with its earty 
season success. 

Much of the accolades attribured to 
the ream have surrounded sophomore 
Ceon Richard. The strong yet agile 6-6 
cenrer leads the Crusaders in scoring 
(15.9 points per game) and rdlounding 
(8.5 points per game). Richard is 
flanked by two power forwards that 
make up the strength of this Point Loma 
ballclub. ScOtt Vaughns and Kevin 
Kenney average 2] points and 11 
rebounds combined and pose problems 
for teams in zone defenses, since both 
players can score from the outside. 
Since UCSD has played a 3-2 zone a 
good poltion of the season , look for 
MarshaD to cross Point Lorna up by 
changing defenses throughout. 

As for the TrilOns, Steve Aint and 
Brandon Nixon are averaging 15 points 
apiece, but no one else has stepped in 
as a scoring threat. with the exception 
of Mark Barecca and Jeff Ochroch on 

"lI'(I,,' 1111'11 '." I"I.~" 1 () 

TEAMS: UCSO Tritons vs. Point Lorna Nazarene Crusaders 
WHERE: Triton Pavilion 
WHEN: Friday, February 3 , 7 :30 pm 
lV-RADIO: KPBS-N 15 (tape delay). Live on KSOT radio 95,7 Cable FM, 540 AM 
UCSD TRITONS: 1-5 in league, 5-13 overaU. Head Coach: Tom Marshall , first year 
PT, LOMA NAZARENE CRUSADERS: 4-2 in league , 13-9 overall, Head Coach: Ben Foster, 7th year 

STARTING UNE-UPS 
UC SAN DIEGO TRITONS PT, LOMA NAZARENE CRUSADERS 
Mark Barecca Forward Scott Vaughns 
6-7 junior 10 points, 7 rebounds (per game) 6-5 Junior 13,4 pOints, 5.3 rebounds 

Kevin Kenney Steve Rint Forward 
6-7 Senior 15,2 pOints, 6.8 rebounds 6-5 Sophomore 9.3 points, 5,3 rebounds 
Mike Dabasinskas Center Deon Richard 
6-8 junior 5.3 points, 6.1 rebounds 6-6 Sophomore, 15.9 points, 8.5 rebounds 
Randy Bennett Guard Brian Caradonna 
5-10 junior 9,4 points, 5.1 assists 6-1 Senior 95 points, 5,2 assists 
-Brandon Nixon Guard Tony Troncale 
6-1 junior 14,8 points, 4,4 assists 6-1 Senior 6.7 points 
When Point Loma is on offense: ExPect the Crusaders to try and muscle UCSD inside. Sophomore Deon Richard can be awesome at times, 
playing above the rim while control1ing the boards on both ends of the Door. 111.6-6, Richard 15 agile enough to pose serious problems for UCSD's 3-2 
zone defense. Scott Vaughns and Kevin K~:l have good range, especially Kenney from the baseline. Bri Caradonna handles the ball weB and can 
score from the outside. Even though the C crs \os( folWard Glenn Peters for the season, their suength is still up front, Look for Point loma to crash 
the boards on every possession. Coach Ben Foster has insWled a passing offense that demands patience, and so far the club has responded with a "'-2 
record in 1equc play - good enough for firsl place in the Southem O~. 
What UCSD is on otIe .. : Th~TrlronscJe.ityhaYl!'the-_ftm It comes to outside shooting. Flint, Nixon and rcscrvejeffOchroch can light 
it up if they're hot. The problem with UCSD this year is that the team has too often relied on the perimeter shot even when their shooters are cold. 
Dabasinkas and Barecca wiD be gamely inside. but neither one possesses great offensive capabilities. Barecca, however, has put together a string of fine 
performances, and if he can score early, taking the Crusaders' concentration off of Aint and Nixon, UCSD wiD ha~ a good chance of winning. The 
Tritons have 10 playa nearly Oawless game if they e~ct to bell[ the front· runners. Thai means NO turnovers - something that has plagued [he club 
from the season's outset. Aint and Nixon must sdlIf outside and Barecca inside if UCSD is going to prevail. Look for a 101 of ball movemenl in [he 
Tritons' motion offense (passing game). 

KEY MATCHUPS 
Point Loma '5 Richard vs. UCSD's Dabasinsbs: The \as( time the [W() Faced each other, Richard was too quick for Dabo, scoring a game-
high 20 points in the Crusaders' season-cnding victo'X that knocked the Tritons out of a home-coult advanragc in the first round of the playoffs (they 
subsequently Ios[ that playorr game at Azusa). If Dabo t'an intimidate Ricahrd enough 10 alter the 6-6 sophomore's shot, UCSD wiD be in great shape 
since Richard is such an integral pan of Point lorna's offense. Look for UCSD 10 go to Dabo early in the game on offense to try to get Richard into &iul 
trouble. But stopping Richard is first on the Tritons' priority list . 
UCSD's Nixon and kDMIl vs. Point Loma's Caradonna and TroncaJe: Clearly this iSlhe most definite advantage UCSDhas. Nixon 
and 8ennetlare better shooters and all-around players than any of the Crusaders' backcoun men. Nixo~ an~ Bennett must .produce,30 points betwttn 
them and commit very few turnovers, ThIS marchup IS PIVOtal for lhe Trttons because Pmnt loma s 11IaJor weakness IS UCSD s sucngth. 
Point Loma Head Coach Ben Foster vs UCSD Head Coach Tom MarshaU: FOSler has the experience, something Marshall lacks. The 
Point lorna head coach took his team to Kansas City las( year against all odds, winning on the road in such places as Weslmont, Biola, sec and UCSL>. 
Meanwhile, the Tritons have lost both of their league contests at home, a trend Marshall conceded has to stOp 10monow night. Whar UCSD's skipper 
lacks in experience, he makes up for in ingenuity. Look For the Tritons 10 attack the Crusaders with some type of trapping fuD-court press early. 
The Pavilion crowd vs. Point Loma: Time and time again , miniscule crowds have shown up in the Pavilion, only long enough to review their 
bio-chemistry homework. That will not be the case tomorrow night.. . or will it? Two weeks ago against Southern California College (a game in which 
UCSD Fell 96-89), the 200 or so Triton fans were drowned out by the 30-10 Vanguard boosters who made the trip down from Los Angeles. Despite 
having an undergraduate population of 12,000, UCSD has yet to learn lhe meaning of the phrase "home COUrt advantage." A pumped up Spirit Niglu 
crowd could ignite the Tritons to an upset of the division leaders. 

- Mike GrcaIbaa 

SOFT CONTACT LENSES There are so many ways 
One Hour Service in most CISCS 

tlCWDlS: 
Contact lenses, examination, 
patient training, follow up, 
chemical care kit and fttting, 
iXTiHDID WEAl LINRI 
ONLY tI65.oo 

THE CLASSICAL EYE I 
DR. ROIEIT .... P OPTOMETIUST: 

La JoIle VlIIege Square 
(Inside the Mall; Lower Level) 

8657 Ville La Jolla 0rIw • SUite 136 
451-7374 

to have a 

• Broomball 
• Public Skating 
• Private Skating 

Parties 

at 

• Fundraisers 
• Group Rates 
• Group Lessons 

EXTRA 50¢ DISCOUNT for aU UCSO 
students (in addition to your $ \.00 discount) with 
UCSD 10 throughout Pubhc Sessions during 
Revelle's 2nd Annual Broomball 
Tournament, Jan, 30-Feb, 22, 
For more inJormanon ca' 
Tom T",ddlal 455-1791 . 

4545 I..aJoila Village Drive (comer of Genesee) 452-9110 



10 February 2. 1984 

I .. ~ p.rc~f ~~oo or more I 
• We ".0 honor all 

oaepe .. 
c •• tome .. 

1030 Torrey Pine. Rd. 
at Herechel 

La Jolla 

Now Openl 
1774 Gamet Aye. 

Pacific Plaza 

DOIJIJAR 
'-----your 80 cents is worth $1.00.---J 

Students, you can save 20% on art and drafting 
supplies at The Fine Art Store. Just show proof of 
current enrollment (student I.D., course schedule . .. ) 
and we'll discount your supplies 20% till February 
28th, after February 28th you'll save 10% on weekdays 
and 20% on Saturdays. 

Let us help make getting an education a little easier. 

~ !.~~,£;Q~tt11L~!Q~ 
4683 CASS ST .. PACIFIC IEACH"'''4U-3170 

TEAM OF THE WEEK 
The Rectumatics 

It ' s 80 degrees 
outside and the 

fami~ar sounds of bat 
hitting ball and ball 
hitting glove fill the air. 
Which can mean only 
one thing: It 's January 
and the one · pitch 
softball season is 
under way . Last 
Su nday 's o ne · pitch 
action pitted the 
Rectuma tics agai nst 
t he co n tr ove rsial 
Vulva: Inexpensive 

10 r) Jim utoft, Joh" Burcla. Tony M .. 1l0. Dan W.hu , ·and Built to Stay That 
Da.,e V •• il. M" .. Lum.den & Nul M.r .... Not pictured: Bob 
Armell. Wa y. Despite the 
mysterious absence of eX'captain Bob "Whipped" Armell, the Rectumatics 
were able to defeat their opponents 10·4, making them Miller's first Team·of· 
the· Week for 1984. Lead by the offensive fireworks of John Burda, who 
managed to leg three home· runs into triples, and by the sturdy play of 
defensive specialist (0 tor 6) Tony Mello, the 'Matics seemed to live up to their 
also·ran potential. Seriously, the boys placed third in last Spring's AAA I.M. 
softball , and this year they have their sights set on the title. Their competetive 
yet good·natured style of play makes them detinite contenders, and their 
friendly ribbing of teammates and opponents alike brings new meaning to the 
term "chatter" . Ever the fun ·loving bunch, the 'Matics displayed obscene 
objects for their team photo. Realizing this is a family feature, good sport Dan 
"Make Mine Miller" Walters telt the artifacts should be censored using the 
"welcome" logo. Good Idea, Dan. 

TEAM OF THE WEEK 
SPONSORED BY THE MILLER BREWING COMPANY 

Running Thoughts 
By JEFF SAVAGE 
WHAT'S GOING ON HERE DEPT. An electrifying 70-foot drive and lay up by Bob 
Goodman at the buzzer capped a wild ovenime victory, brought UCSD's record to 3-2, 
and gave adeliriousSpirit Night crowd a UCSD memory they'll never forget Friday 
ntght In Tnton PaVliton . After he took the inbounds pass from Steve Aint and weaved 
his way through mree defenders, Goodman drove down me left side of the lane and 
banged in a double pump lay up off the glass lo give the Tritons a 59-58 squeaker over 
a stunned Fresno Pacific ballclub .... That was last year. The game on the court and the 
energy in the stands transfonned the Pavilion into the House of Pride. ThiS year's 
Triton basketball squad will try to duplicate last year's thriller when they host league-
leading Point Loma Nazarene College tomorrow evening on Spirit Nigh!. But the 
scenano has changed in many ways. This year's team has a new coach. five new 
starters and a formidable challenger In PLNC ro contend with. And the Trirons are not 
In a comfortable position in the standings (as they were last year) where a loss would 
nO[ hurt them very much. This year. the Trirons will be fighting for :heir lives. UCSD is 
1-5 . and a loss would reduce ro a dnbble any hope they have of making the NAJA 
District 3 playoffs. 

WAIT A MINUTE DEPT. You've got to feel for Juan Bomlld. After missing most of the 
1982 season with a fractured wrist , the Padre second baseman came ro spring training 
overweight last yedr and went on to bdt just .237, his lowest average in three major . 
league seasons. Add to that his placemem in a four month drug rehabilitation progmm . 
and life hasn't exactly been a big bowl of mustard for the self-proclaimed hot dog. Yet 
Padre management is offering poor Juan a nice raise in saldry from $130,000 to 
$175 ,000 anyway. Funny thing is, Bonilla feels he deserves more. He has this agent 
who has convinced him to file arbitration in an anempt to get a cool $325.000 or so. 
This is the same agent who commanded the Padres to give Ozzle Smith a 25 year 
comract for $30 million - no fooling. Padre President Ballard Smith JUSt laughed at 
that one and sem Smith to the Cardinals for Gany Tempelton. Smith has since Signed 
a three year comract - something a bit more sensible. The agent's name is Ed 
Gottlieb and he is slick - dumb but slick. Gottlieb knows that Bonilla's performance 
in the Pdst two years has been sub-par so he isn't using it as evidence in Bonilla's 
case . Instead . Gottlieb is charging that Padre management is racist, stating, "I don't 
think the Padres will pay a player unless he's white: That's an interesting angle. Ed. 1 
suppose you consider Gany Tempehon's $685.000 salary the minimum wage . When 
you insert into the equation me fact that the Pad's have considered (more than once) 
relieving Bonilla of his second base duties by bringing Alan Wiggins in from· left field 
and subtr.lct BoniUa's flair. which was at one time his best asset but has become rather 
routine of late (the mustard came off the hot dog last year), the arbitrator's answer will 
be a big "forget it, Ed: It is said that there is no hann in trying, but why waste an 
arbitrator's time. Bonilla should just sit tight with his $175,000 and ask for a raise 
when he deserves one. C'mon,Juan, play ball . 

ON THE AIRWAVES DEPT. Question: What sportscaster often spends his off d,lY 
going to the ballet or the o pera? What sportscaster spends four or five months a ye.lr 
sailing all over the world on a 44·foot ketch ? What sportscaster would just as soon 
re.ld .1 classic novel ,IS the spo rts pilge? Answer: Los Angeles Raider's .md Oilkland A's 
announcer Bill King. "I love my Job but thdt is only one facet of my life." King said 
While growing up in IllinOIS. King hold aspir.ltions of becoming u major le.lgue c,ncher. 
But whde stationed in Guam as an Arm)' priv<lte follOWing World W,lr II . King started 
. lnnounclng for Armed Forces roldlo. he got hi s stall In the Stoltes when he moved to 
Lincoln , Nebr.lska to ,rnnounce footb,11I bilck when the Corn huskers were having 1·9 
seasons. Then in 1959. King decided it W.IS time [0 move on. He picked <In Fr,mcisco 
eve n though he had no job there, and afte r dOing some freelance work for about nine 
months. King was hired by radio station KSFO as the third announcer behind Russ 
Hodges and Lo n Si mmons. In 1962 he moved over [0 the Wilrriors and with his 
distinctive stXle. became a prominent Bay Are.l person,llity. He h.:rs been the Raider 
,rn nouncer since 1965 ,lnd an Oaklilnd A's announcer since 1981. He had [0 give up 
the W,lITIOrS thiS year beciluse o f conni tS with the A·s. Has King ever thought about 
trying [0 move on to .J network job? ''I've considered it but I think I'm too outspoken 
for the networks. although that probably isn't the fa tor it was 20 yedls ago." Despite 
hi S remarkable talent, King would probably h'lVe a diOicul1 time Iilnding a network joh 
.myway. For rhe most p.lrt, the des ired im,lge for a television i1nnouncer is clean CUI. 
King s ports J long waxed moustache .md goatee. "It's probably hurt my cilreer. The 
s portS world m.IY be the squarest of all worlds. A lot of people have had trouble 
.lcccpting it. Chub Feeney, when he W,IS the general manger of the GI.lntS, told me I'd 
never .lppe.lr on television .IS long as I h,ld the beard . Fr,mklin M reuli (W'lrrior owner) 
W.15 .1Iw,lYS telling me the be-.ml had to go." Once. King was confro nted by a bag lady 
wh o \V.IS conv inced h.: was the devil com ing to t,lke hn ,I\V,ly. But still the beard 
st.l y.:d. And so h.l~ King ,lIld hr~ d'StlnUlve style. 

NEXT QUESTION PLEASE DEPT. Mnnd,ly's quc , lI nn ' Which Ic.lguc h.15 \Von morc 
\V,lrld encs1 Wh,ch rC,lIns h,we nncr won ,I SCries SIIl CC opening In their current 
cilles? Answcr' Thc Amenc.1Il LC.lgUC leads'the 1'-.lllon,II Le.lgLlc 46 to 34. The fl1l1owlng 
tC.HI1S h.lVe n..:va won .1 ~crles: Toronto . Milw.lukcl.' . rex.ls, K,lIls,IS City. MlnneSl)l,I . 
Sc.l(t/e ,lnd C lliIornl.1 In th ~ A l... Montrc,1i Hou'llln . AtI,lIlt.l ~,In Dlegll and ,111 
I-r,lncisco In the N.L.· Tnd.IY· quesllon: Wh,l( .. port W.l, llngln ,l[ cd by the E.lstcrn 
American Indians who pl 'lyed on ,I held It vc mdes long? ~ LiC 'D h.1S ,I te.lln .) Answer 
In Monday's issue . 

Spirit Night 
t (111I''''h:ti Jltli ll 1\ h..!1' ~) 
u~Ldsion. Marshall has stated the need 
for a third scorer to emerge , preferably 
from (he small forward spot, but as of 
yet thi s has not happened. 

Two criucJI areas for UCSD tomorrow 
night are field goal shooting and 
tumovers. The Tritons are dead last in 
the conference in shooting percentJge 
(43.6% as opposed to POint Loma's 
52.5%) and second to Ielst In 
co m milling turnovcrs. These two 

problems will have to improve if UCSD 
is going lO emerge viclOrious. 

If not , the Tritons will be 1-6 in 
league. and Instead of wonylng about 
the home coun adv.mtage in this year's 
playoffs, they will have ro tum their 
auentioJl to just making the post-season 
toumament. This seemed assured a few 
weeks ago since eight of the ten teams 
panicipatc every year. The current four-
&lme lOSing 3treak has put even that 
foregone conclusion an Jeopardy. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
CONSCIOUS EDUCATION 'lJIe 10 talk about 
youl18lf? 'Feel slucle? 'Wont a beller lamlty 11fe?t'm a 
student teacher in an education hoIning program. I 

~ 5lud9nt, to educate abouIlhemIeII.es. ~I 
~1447. (2/2) 
Audilians for ''Once LPon A MatIIess" Revelle', 
Spring Mwk:ol will be held on Sal. feb. 110110:00 
am In 'IIrr>t Not HeI8?(NelCltotheRel.1llleCofelerla). 
(2/9) 
GIlle your parents a wrile-d! and yourseft a place to 
live In L.J. S73.5OO. Aot. 459-0501/457-2218. (2/6) 
Interested In the stage? We need a stage a_ (Of 
the production a "Once l.\Xln A MatIIess" RevelIe's 
Spring Mullcal. Stop bv 'IIrr>t Not Here? (NeICl to 

~ Cat) an Sal. Feb. 11th 01 10:00 am. (2/9) 
Singers. dancers. acton. and actr_: Audilians for 
"Once Upon A MatII8u" will be held Sal. Feb 11th 01 
10:00 am In \Ntr.t Not Hale? (NeICl to R8\IeIIe Cat) Be 
there 019:30 am 10 sign In. (2/9) 
Muif COllege Is row accepting applicationS from 
acadernicalty quatIIIed students to aulst with 
freshman orIentalian and registration dt6ing June. 
Obtain a job retenol at student Employment and 
bring ~ to the pro..ut's otnce 2126 HSS. DeactIne: 
2/7/84. (2/6) 
Mge11he I'\'ofs 'MJIkshap. Man. Feb 6th 01 7:30 pm 
w/ Pra. Machine. Ecan. In the War!en Rec Center. 
(2/2) 
Get irwoIIIedl Revelle media t:xx:wd rep. position 
open. Deadline: Feb. 8 01 5 pm. interview 1m-
CNOiIabie In the R8IIeIIe 1't0ll0Sl 0IIIce. (212) 

SERVICES 
WordMtghIJ for quality word processing. Fast droIIs 
and leiter perfect finals. 481·6395. (2/9) 
Typing. word processing. cauette trClNCflptlon. 
QJatity WOlle 01 ramanabIe rales. La ..bIIo. Sandv. 
459-5818. (2/27) 
lJIIWANlED HAIR REMOVED PERMAlll:NTl Y near 
campus. La Jolla Prolesslanal Center. 8950 Villa La 
Jolla Dr. Suite 116O-C Catl for appt 453-7040. (6/7) 
Term papers - theses - dl-rallons. Low rates. fast 
service. Pro-Type. 454·6660. La Jolla. (6/7) 
Typing! Wad Processing I RuSh jobsl Term papers. 
theses. resumes. transcription. Jennifer 274·5005. 
(6/7) 
Star Words typing & word processing. Student 
pap3fs, thesis. 9580 Blk. MIn. Rd. Suffe 6 578-4041 . 
(2/23) 
TYPIng - Terrn papers • dissertations • theses . 
resumes Fast. reasonable. PB area. 483-9109 after 4. 
(2/9) 

Need a typist? Reasonable. Speedy. 15 years 
eocperIence. Guarantee work. Call Kathie 570.1277 
anytime. (2/16) 
CbNn lor Rent: Rent a clOwn fOf your favorite FOrty Of 
--.t. r-vone ICMH a clown. Oleap: 453-6S05. 
(2/2) 
TYPING - 51 per page discount Kinko's Copies La 
.Jolla IAliage Squae. 232-9797. (3/15) 
AstrOIOgIcOl ~bllity Chats w/ analysis. 
Irwaluabte 10 any serious romanllc relationship 298· 
1123. (2/13) 
Fall. accurole. higIl-quOIity. IOIT1e day typing 
seMce near UCSO. 16 years a.perIence. Call F9ry 
452·1393. (2/9) 
Excepttanal typing. all kinds. Super IBMII. Fast. 
pl8Cbe. IIJIIItlnQ. 5" min. awa.t Marlann 45().1138. 
(3/15) 
TYPING: IBM RUSH JOBS term papers tt>eses 
dissertalians edlttng 453-0656 (eve) 452·5188. (6/7) 
\l\l()RO PROCESSING. Speedv service. PIck up &. 
detlllely on ccmpus. Calt ArOI at 279-8066 anytime. 
(2/2) 

HOUSING 
Roamate wanted to II'oaNI huge master bedroom 
with balCony In beaUtKUI hell.- 1 btack 110m beach 
In Del Ma. S220/manll\ Call Karl 481-9749. (2/2) 

~mate - La Jolla. fumIshed. \/lew. female. 
nonsmoker. S400 plus 1/3 utlliliel 454-3100. (2/2) 
Roommate wonted to Jhare apartlTlUlt In Cenltol 
Mesa. Female groduaIe non-lII'Y1Oker 160 month. 
Call 457-C242. (~/9) 

LOST a FOUND 
Helpl I los! a pair a dark blue eungIaISe5 01 
MandevIlle Friday 9II9fl1ng. Thev hOIIe 'JI"'I strOJ)5. I'd 
IaIIe to see them againl ~ cOIl Carol 01 450-
9363. (2/6) 
Found: BtoceIeI. Call Pele to identity. 453-5738. (2/2) 
Lost: 5hap calculator In NCB 102. Please call Mark 
EI\Ief1ings ~4773 - IeaII9 message. (2/6) 
To whoever found my red wallet at Third: Thanks. 
P.D K. (2/2) 
To -...t1oever '1001<" my block backpack from 
AssaIled 'v1nyl - please return notes. glasses &. 
teldbook. Needed desperatetv· No questions asked 
Please retum to EDNA or cOIl 457·0211 . (2/6) 
Lost: on Jan. 23. in women's bathroom on ground 
floor of HSS - a ring of greal sentimental value! Sihier 
with blue stone surrounded bv rhinestones W found 
please call Beth 01 452·6559. (2/1) 
Found: a ring In women's battvoom in Humanities 

'Questron 
CORPORATION 

America's newest and fastest,growing nation-
wIde corporatIon InvItes you to earn next year's tul· 
t10n before June. 

If you are energetIc, outgoIng, ambitIous, and 
you enjoy meeting new people, we may just have 
the opportunIty you've always wanted. 

Work part,t1me or full-tIme. 
Set your own hours. 
We need Local RepresentatIves and . Area 

CoordInators. 
For contInuIng students, thIs expands Into a 

hlghly,Iucratlve summer posItion, whIch flexes 
back In the fall to fIt your academIc schedule. 

Many permanent posItions are available natIon, 
wIde, as well. 

ThIs Is a rare and unique ground·floor opportunI, 
ty which probably will not repeat, once the 
necessary personnel have been acquired. 

To apply, semI a self·addressed, stamped, 
buslness·slze envelope. ApplicatIon form and In· 
formation will reach you by return mall . 

Quest ron Corporation 
Suite 204 

2012 Grove Avenue 
RIchmond, VA 23220 

Bldg. Ar:>rww. on 3rd College after noon a 1/23. Coli 
to identify. lWlda 455-6447. (2/2) 

PERSONALS 
Pregnann ChOose oItematlves ' to abOrtion. San 
Diego Pro-Life League Honine: 583-5433. 941 · 1515. 
(2/6) 
Bornobv • Andrea . Tim • A retrospective 
exhibitionism. Annex gallery 12·5 ttvu Frl.. .. FOrty then. 
(2/2) 
Princes and Princesses: We ~ you tor RevelIe's 
pt<X1Jcllon of "Once Upon A Mattress". Auditions will 
be held In 'M't<{ Not Here? feb 11th 0110:00 am (Next 
to lhe Revetle Cateterla) (2/9) 
Gamma Omega Oett OIurmi: SnobbISh Fountain 
Social Is up and coming. lie prepared. Wlen you 
leas! expect ff . don'tl beec. WhOo-dee. (2/2) 
MIKE MATA: Happy BIrthday my babv baIooga! 'Mth 
011 my ioIIe ... Tina. (2/2) 
Becky· Sue! I want to be With you I Pete I 
lCan·IbeIMMIIt. (2/2) 
REVELLE MEDIA BOARD REP - POSITION OPEN. 
APPLICATIONS DUE BY \MO. ffB. 8th aI 5 pm. 

~lcatlons and Interview sign-ups in the Rewlie 
Pr<MlSl 0IIice. Get involliedl (2/2) 
MJsiclans &. stage technICians: We need you lor the 
proWclion a "Once Upon A Mal'-". Come by 
Revelle South Dining Hall (rat to the Cat) Sal. Feb. 
11th at 10:00 am. (2/9) 

TRAVEL 
The tollowlng trips are baing Ofganlzed to coincides 
with UCSO's!prlng bleak. Utah lid ITtp March 23-26 
5134. San Felipe Mexico March 24-26S115. Far mole 
Information contact Kay 268-8843 x370. (2/13) 
Council trCMII/CIE£ prOllida& information on student 
Charters. 1OI1passes. infl 5ludent !d's. haltel cards. 
tours for ages 18-35. work and study programs. and 
much more. Stop bv the Sludent Center Of cOIl 452-
0630 (6/7) 
Mazatlan ~k. Sun. sand. surf. 7 days. 5199 
train. 524'1 plane Includes hotel & 011 you can drink 
parties w/ mucho callege craziesl Call 488-3278 
wkdys before 8 am &. after 9 pm. Weekends anytime. 
(2/2) 

WANTED 
Expwaitress fOffuHOf partlimedaySMon-Fri AppIyot 
The Palms Cafe. 621 Pearl St" La Jolla. (2/2) 
Aparln-.t sIMer needed Feb. 4-25 in La Jolla. No 

GUADALAJARA 
SUMMER 
SCHOOL 

University of Arizona 
offers more than 40 
courses: anthropology, 
art, bilingual educa-
tion, folk music and folk 
dance, history, political 
science, sociology, 
Spanish language and 
literature and intensive 
Spanish. Six-week ses-
sion. July 2-August 10, 
1984. Fully accredited 
program. Tuition $410. 
Room and board in 
Mexican home, $435. 

EEO/AA 
Write 

Quldalalar. 
Summer Schill 

RIbIrt L ....... 206 
UninnltJ II Ari .. 

TIICIIII16721 
1_,821-4721 

smoking. na drugs. conservative. femote. PIefer 
math/SCience Of engineering maJOf. Satary 
~~. Call ~2551. (2/2) 
Reward 520.00 to first ptOllider a a ~sIty a 
Colif./La Jolla 198Q.81 student name and address 
director; Call Mall eve aI (800)423-293'1. 8:00 am 
- 5:oo~. PCT. (2/9) 
HELP WANTED. RECEPIIOIIIST. an-campus oIIIce. part 
time. aIIernoons. work·study required. _ job bOard 
or call 452·2521, am arYv. (2/6) 
WIll buy Casio calCulators. Model PW-80. D. 
Undburg. Research Dept.. Son Diego lDo. 231· 1515. 
(2/6) 

FOR SALE 
Futan with couch frame and r8llerSlble blue/wIllte 
caver. lJIe ~. 5125 Of best ctler. 452-9514. (2/6) 
Ultra Acoustics JOO 125 walt 3 way studla spiers. Best 
aIIer. Tim 452· 1508. (2/2) 
Trek 110m 4 sale. 22

'
..,' CrMa double bulled tubing 

thruout. 40'~' wheel base. S150 coli David 481·1858. 
(2/6) 
Yamaha FG-150 steel string guitar. smatl body & 
neck. beautiful tone. w/r;au,. Coli ctler 6. 455-6447. 
(2/2) 
0wNv. No'Io. 77. Probably the COl for '/'OU True 
bargatn you can trust allered bv teacher. 454-2813. 
eve. (2/2) 
Nordica ski bootsl Bland new. CJf"I mode! size. Of 
color. One poif arYv. 526Oorbest-$ue- 452-8537. 
(2/2) 
Far sole: • 77 bit Mustarqt. good cord. AIpd. rww 
tires. fog iarnpI. ~ starter. eng. 0IIerh1d. ~ 
maInI. free bait .. stam fast. S3JOO. Colt Mike 45(). 
9091 wknts and Sun. nile. 578-5919 Sal. (2/13) 
Wlndsufa- - Custom WcNe board. 8'10" IanQ. used 
antv 2mIh. S4250att Saeid 452-4459or 454-7.'7 aIIer 
6 pm. (2/2) 
1979 Mazda Rx-7. AJr. ..speed. cassette. exIIos. 
56.00l miles S6OOJ. Call 275-1077. (2/2) 
RJTONSand FRAMES. 100'1. cattonWl'(comortabie. 
use for both bed and couch. GOlDEN MOON RJTOO 
274-4574. (2/16) 
Su1board: 6'1' singlefin. llke~ - used antya ferw 
tirMSl S1OO/0b0. Call Glenn 274-2313. (2/2) 
VW lOOks beautiful as \IOIue oc- up! ReOuI~ engine 
neN paint law maintenance. 52500 a best bef436-
9174 (2/2) 
Far sale fabulOus electric typewriter cost S375 rrf1W 
lost year going going gone S195 436-9174. (2/2) 
Buy a nf10I backswlng cheeep! ~ing Into fun . 
heatth and good feeioes - worth every penny. S395 
430-9174. ( 2/2) 
51" equipment: Obermeyer jocket size - m $30. 
Snuggler Bob overalls size - m 525. Ralchle boOts size 
- mens 10 S~ All in excellent condition 277-6488. 
Alter 5 pm (2/6) 

\ 1-

41J1·~'I.<J~ 
introductory Special 

:1fIiU.lltia #III ..J; 

12 Haircuts for students 
wit" selected IuIirstyl;'ts 
rfgUlarly S22 (women). $19 (men) 

Nails 
Si:lllplllred Nails. "g. $40, 11.11> $25 
flU •. Trl(. $20. _NJ $15 
MUH;nrr~. rrg. $7. _", $5 
f'lidi"Hri!li. rrg. $16. 110", $12 
jlllielle Wrap, reg. $14. 11011> $12 

8950 Vi',. U. }01", Yr. 
S.iJ~ 1122 

U. Jo'lII, c.. 92037 
01/,,- ./lfrw 2/8/114 



12 FtbnMlry 2, 1984 

r--------

long hair extra 

10% off 
.with this coupon 

--------------y\\EC\S~~ ,,~\\t women $15 
men $12 

Includes shampoo, condition 
cut, & blow dry. 
Long hair extra. 

10% off 
with this coupon 

• 1--' 

SENIOR NURSE 
STUDENTS 

Adventure ... Challenge ... 
Professionalism! 

I La""" CISION HAIRCUTS I 
:.,WIIIA for men & women : 

An exciting job with 
opportunities for world·wide 
travel, career development , 
professional growth, excellent 
benefits. BSN graduates or 
senior students are eligible. If 
you're going to be someone, 
special...Be a Navy Nurse! For 
more informa tion call 293· 
6746,8 am ·4 pm, Monday· 
Wednesday. 

I r.U'lal·~ I • ..til 737 Pearl, La Jolla 
I COIIJUY 456-1170, 456-1815 : ! With this coupon only. Offer expires 2-16-84. .. 
---------------------------_._----

• 

When you're in a tight ~ 
gOod &iends will heIp)GIJ out.. 

When you pulled in two hours ago, you didn't 
have thi problem. And with a party just starting, 
the last thing you wanted to do wa 
wait around another two hours. 

Neither did the rest of th guys. 
So when they offered to give you 
a lift, that's exactly what they did, 
proving not only that they w re 
in good shape, but that they 
were good friends. 

So show thell1 what apprecia-
• tion is all about. '(might, let it 

be L6wenbrau. 

Lowenbrau. Here's to good friends. 
t 1983 Beer Brewed In USA by Miller BreWing Co Milwaukee. WI 

SD Or-en winner 

Koch is it! 
By IAN LANGDON 

The game of golf IS vcry difficult to 
cxplain. not only to the non.golfer but 
to the prote sion.ll himself. Last week. 
out at Torrey Pines Golf Course. 
spectator witnessed the 17th Annual 
Andy Wllli.lms S.ln Diego Open. What 
they saw W.l!:>.l uspense-hlled fm'll 
round in which three men elf-
destructed .lnd one rose to the LOp 

Gary Koch - J 1. out of T .lmpa 
Flonda, shot .I final round 6'5 th.lt tlcd 
defending ch.lmplOn G.lIY Holllbcrg and 
forced ol sudden dedth playoff. .. , re,lIly 
had no cxpect<Hlon ot winning ... ' was 
just hoping to h.lve a good final round 
so , could sneak Into the top 11) .md 
take home a good p.lychcck." said Koch 
Instead. he waited Mound long enough 
to see the field come back to him, 
forcmg the plclyofl with Hallberg. 
Preceding this finolle. some Interesting 
occu~nces bemoll~d II few pros at 
Torrey Pmes. We mu t conSider the fate 
of some very unfonunate golfers before 
the fonunate Gary Koch emerged 
victo~ious .. .. 

P.lyne Stew.ln, known throughout 
golfing circles as the man who wears the 
tylish knickers, was [he leader gOing 

Into (he findl round. He was stili In the 
leold with nine hole left when the world 
c.lme crashing down ,111 amund him. 
The pressures of golf took a firm grip on 
Stewart's neck, and bogey dltcr double 
bogey thrust him out (~hc tournament 
lc,ld . A final nine of 42 g,lV( tllm a 
dreadful . core of 78 ,Irter munos of 68. 
8. and 68. 

And y Bean, (.Ikmg th I ad froln the 
stumbling Stcwan (Be,1I1 - 31. ,1Od ,1 
vctemn of the tour). s('clllet! In llllllpletc 
control WIth onl)' flw hllle,- lefL But the 
14th hole proved to hc latal fllr Be,ln. 
He hooked hi drl\e Into the icc plant. 
hacked hLs Wol}' OUl: . dnd cllntlnucd ., 
string of blunders th,lt g,\\'t,: hIm ,I triple 
bogcy 7. on thc short p,n 4 hole. -aid 
Bcoln. "Everything Wel 111 perfect 
h,umony until I hooked my drlvc You 
juS( don't k~v" whcn something like 
that can happen but it sure h.lppcnet! .It 
ol tenible time for mc .. 

Gary H.lllberg - 25, the defending 
champ .lnd crowd folvorlle lOok the IColt! 
aftcr Beoln's dcml e .lnd nceded only to 

, par the 18th hole to wm. _,lid Koch. "99 
tllnes out of 100 ol pro will casily make 
pM if not blrdic on this nole."1he 18th 
hole at Torrey Plne~ . ls.,l short pJT 5 
With a large po~ in rr(~nt .lnd Hallbcrg 
seemed "a cinch to pM .lOO repcolt ,1S 
champion. HIS drive lOok off "straight 
right" and endcd up In the righr rough . 
A pitch out still Ielt him with ,I wedge, 
which he left short of the green He 
then chipped the ball within lour fect 
,md had to m.lke the putt tll win . A 
huge ,10 Diego crowd huddled ,\round 
the 18th green .lnd ,III e}'rs werc glued 
to H'lilberg. 1 he prcssure W.IS enornwus. 
"I lelt good over the plitt but It lust 
didn 't go 111 ," Sol id .1 stunned H.lllherg. 
He t,lpped in for bogcy to force the 
sudden de,uh pl.l),off With Koch 

, .. udden dc,uh playoff" b wh.1t the 
P A c,llIs It. -I he pl.I)'crs C.lII It "l11oney 
tlllle " The winner t,lkes homc S72.000. 
thc Illser '543 ,000. So ("tr)' Korh ,lIld 
G'lI)' tI.ll1bcrg were pl.lylng lor .1 
Jdlcrence of S29,OOO 'hey bOlh paned 
the first pl,l)'olf hole hut the secnnd line. 
the pM of seventcellth ",.lW ,I winner 
emerge. Klich hit ,I We.lI "eCllnd "hot 
ILht 10 leet left 01 the hl lic I he 
prcssUlCtI Il.tllbelg bUried his Shlll 111 
the green~lde bUllkn I it' thl'n hll ,I 
"lx'ct,ILul,lr s'lIldwcdge llUl \\'ltllIll .1 10m ' 
III the hok hLlt 111', ((e..,tll1\' \\,I~ tll be 
detl'rmilled h) I\ud,., IO :fllll1 putt 
"Right whcn I strnkcd II I kllc\\' II W,\5 
In . coml1lentcd Knlh . I he three lime 
AII -Al1ll'r!c,lI1 Out ul Ilnml.1 l J h,ld \\'(111 
the ::'72.000 fiN pn::e 

l,.ll), Koch \\,1111 till" IllUl n,ll1ll'nt hut 
Ihree mher gllllCh g,l\'l' It ,1\\.1) ilN . 
h· ... the g,lI11c llf gull I., Imit-eli \('1)' 
h,ml III expl.lIl1 . 



An Arts Magazine Serving the UCSD Community 

Vol. 5, No.4 Feb. 2,1984 

The future comes 
to UCSD with the 
rock 'n' roll drama 
. 'Tooth oj Crime' 

"1 , 



- The Magazine 
of the '80s 

r.a.. 
Nl)RN KU~R 

AIIocIIte Arta Editor 
JOnl'll'lEt 
..... 

, 

MIKt Ann . JAn IIRts -
1ALlER. CHRISTOI'HU CNIOlL 
JONI roRSKRG. RONA nu. M.S. 
num (GIJdaIlng). PAUL M. 
JOI'II';S. CLYDUI t ntt 

fdItoriaI .., J . .J44i6 
AthertM", ",u·,.. 

"i.'IU is pubU5IItd Cvtry 
Thur~y 0( lilt IChooI ~ IS I 
suppltmul 10 . lilt UCSD 
CaVA"*". RqIfodultlon or UK 
wltllollt .lIItn pmnlsslon otuy 
portion 0( tIIb -eu11lt Is a .. 
110. _ wtkOlM unJOflclkd 
Ittten.. _sui,* and .m-1l. 
but -.- nO ~blllly f« 
Iht rdurn 0' sue II . Sud 
information 10: 

"lATUS 
&016. U Jolla 
. (I .. 9109l 

Contents 

Cover: The Rock and Koll 
world of the future is depicted 
in the UCSD Drama Depart-
ment's latest production The 
Tooth of Crime. See story page 
4. 

Space as art .. .... .... . page .1 
UCSO's reputation as a visual arts 

center forges ahead into the new 
year. What lies ahead for the young 
artists of today and tomorrow? 

San Diego Black .. .. ... ,.e 5 
KGB Radio releases yet another 

lIomegrown lP with talent from 
San Diego's finest bands. 

Hecuba .. . ............ page 6 
The UCSH Drama Company brings 
its production of Hecuba to campus 
for a special performance. 

Goings On page 7 

BARTOK 
STRING QUARTET 

FROM HUNGARY 

• 

PETER KOMLOS. vio lin 
BELA BANFAUR.. vio lin 

GEZA NEMElH. vio la 
LASZW MEZO. cello 

February 4, Saturday, 8:00 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 

UCSD Students $5.50, G.A. $12.00 
Tickets at VCSD Central Box Office, <152·4559 

" at Ticketron Outlets 
Presented by UCSO's Univtrsity Events Ofrice 

2 nilWu february 2. 1984 

6 . 

Jane Tassi 

Without Thought, Planting Cacti 

From the sour soil a scorpion 
appears. leathered like dinosaur. 
Darkgrey a dragon, 
size nty fmgerjoint; 
tank. 
Trowel pummels it 
but she's almost steel armored 
so I strike him again but it 
squins into soft loam shaking 
snake or eel resembling, 
saving herself. 
At last 1 guess I get him, 
killed. 
Without thought. planting cacti. 

Linda Nelson Colley 
Uncle Carl . 

As h~ drifts off to sleep 
the ch~ap whim' 

in his rough. crumbly VOIC~ 
Whistles at the peak 

of each long snore. 

the 
, 

Birdcage Review 
UCSD's Undergraduate Journal 

of the Fine Arts 

ly laue • • I 
Deadline for submissions has been extended 

to Fridav, February 3 (Tomorrow). 
Pick up forms in the departments of 

Literature, Visual Arts, Communications, 
Drama and Music, as well as EDNA and 

the Review Office 
(Room 204, Student Center) 

Making way for undergraduates 
and their alternative art 

By 1l~1l SftftlUISM each continuing through the 
Usten. there is undergradu- end of the quarter). with three 

ate art. and somebodys taking more planned. 
an Interest. Last spring. The group assembled to deal 
members of the Uterature. with the problem of limited 
Drama. Physical r.ducation. and space for undergraduate studio 
Visual Arts departments put art shOWings and the lack of 
together the Undergraduate opportunities for public 
Arts festival. They joined the screenings of undergraduate 
already existing Birdcage videas and nlms. At present the 
Review. a Journal of only show space continually 
undergraduate literary work. available to undergraduates Is 
and the Undergraduate Theatre the Mandeville Annex gallery 
festival providing tools for the located in the northern 
exposure of undergraduate art courtyard of Mandeville Center. 
makings. /'tow Individuals The availability of this space Is 
connected with the Visual Arts limited. The gallery Is shared by 
department have come together both undergraduates and 
to reveal even more graduates. 
undergraduate artwork. AM has contacted each 

This group. calling Itself Art department on campus and the 
for Alternative Space (MS). medical school and has located 
formed last quarter to connect spaces where art can be placed. 
available space from anywhere This move has brought about 
on campus with undergraduates Its own problems. To begin with, 
seeking a place to display their much of this space Is open only 
work. In fall AM prepared two during school business hours, 
such exhibits: a show In the allowing only those who 
Third College Humanities typically use the space to see 
Building of principal founder the pieces. To Increase 
Jennifer Andersen's photo- exposure. AM has planned 
graphs and a screening of ' "open houses," giving others an 
undergraduate videos In the opportunity to see tlte1Wft'k. 
TrIton Pub. 

lbls quarter the group. 
consisting of artmakers 
Andersen. lJIura Cooper. Alice 
Martin. Sonia Chun. PhyUIs 
Cohen. and Grant Aikin, has 
three shows already In progress 
(Ink drawings In TCHB 244. 
sculpture In the Pub, 
photographs in TCHB 142 -

furtpldes' Greek Tragedy 

hecubA 

A second but more 
fundamental prllem for the 
group has be acquiring 
artwork. At prese . members of 
the group make appeals for 
work to students in Visual Arts 
production classes. They also 
send out a newsletter to VA 
undergraduates. However. at the 

moment there IS more space 
than art. THe fact that one ofthe 
two shows of last quarter and 
one of the three present shows 
feature the work of an AAS 
member Illustrates the 
problem. One solution may lie 
In the way the group ran the 
second fall show. the video 
presentation. The object of that 
show was to collect one or two 
videos from different 
individuals. In this way the show 
did not depend entirely upon 
the work of a single person. The 
group also originally intended 
the show to include a 
compilation of work from Visual 
Arts 174. a video production 
class. AAS says they encourage 
undergraduates to present 
classwork. 

In spite of calling attention 
specifically to undergraduate 
work. AAS does not discourage 
an association with graduate 
students In the Visual Arts 
department. Instead they are 
looking for help from grad 
students as they set up the 
shows. To grant added 
significance to the work of 
ltftdeI:§PIduates and to spur 
more campus Interest. M.S 
hopes to have graduate students 
critique the work they display. 

Art for Alternative Spaces is 
flushing the work of 
undergraduate artists out into 
the open. and someday you may 
find yourself surrounded byart. 
In the meantime. keep a 
lookout 

Presented by the UC Sanu Barbara Department of Dl3matic An 
1 9 8 3 8 4 SEA SON 

.. ..,. IMpiring. powttful ."d 
Dloid gllm~ Into (jreek 
mJlUtolog...5upemtg 
perfDmted ."d dllflCted. .. " 
-SuI. ........ Ife..rra. 

rebnltIIJ 4 and 5, 8100 p.m. 
Mandeville Redtal Hall 

Tickets: $2.00 Students I $4.00 Public. available at door only 
el-e74 

M.tnddl Weiss Center .tnu UCSD The.ure 
Love's Labour's Lost direcled by Eric Christmas 

- a JatlCijul ((J llIcdy of low (md life: -
February 16 - 19, 23 - 26, 29 - March 3 

Ttdeas On Sale Now! 
---WINTER REPERTORY-- - -

Venice Preserved 
Thomas Otway's RC\loratl(lIl tragedy (if power and passIOn 

March 8, 10,14 and 16 
The Playboy of the Western World 

A'l ln~rml1g Insh J() /lftale by J,M. Synge 
, March 9, 11, 15 and 17 

Tickets on Sale 201 Call 452-4574 
february 2. 1984 nllltu 3 



'Tooth of Crime': Rock '0' roll 
with a bite opens on campus 
"So ya wanna . be a rocker. 

Study the moves. Jerry Lee 
Lewis, Buy some blue suede 
shoes. Move yer head like Rod 
Stewart. Put yer ass in a grind, 
Talkin ' sock it to it, get the 
image in line. Get the image in 
line. Get the image in line boy. 
The fantasy rhyme, It 's all over 
the streets and you can't buy 
the time. You can 't buy the 
bebop. You can 't buy the slide. 
Got the fantasy blues and no 
place to hide. " 

Sam Sbepard. an excerpt 
from The Tooth of Crime 

By JOAJ'II fORSBf:RG 
Rock 'n ' Roll and the 

American Dream , These 
reigning symbols of our culture 
are united in Sam Shepard's 
chilling drama, The Tooth of 
Crime. playing february 8-12 at 
the Warren Theatre, 

Directed by graduate student 
Jon Dichter. this UCSD drama 
department production features 
a performance of rock and new 
wave music by the professional 
San Diego based group "The 
Mirrors," 

In today's society of People 
magazine and fnterlainment 
Tonight Rolling Stone. and 
!'flY, rlacllson Avenue magnates 

reap big bucks in manufactur-
ing illusions of the ideal life. 
These "high priests of hype" 
induce us to play the "game." to 
gain power. wealth. and prestige 
by outmaneuvering the other 

guy, We become trapped in an 
artificial world in which our 
worth as human beings is 
determined by the clothes we 
wear. the cars we drive. the 
homes in which we live. the toys 
we own, In this process. our 
spirits are slowly destroyed. 

Shepard uses the metaphor of 
the narcissistic realm of rock 

We wo uld like to introouce to you our 
new and talentc'J hair desi~ners, 
Felipe & Karen Kay (K.K.) 
Women $15, rL'!~ . $25 
Men $12, n:~ . $19 
For appointme nt please call 457-2930. 

8950 Villa La Jolla Dr., Suite 2 120, La Jolla 
(lkhlnJ EI T<lm" & RoJC<l - JIr<'Ctiy " noss th,· r " mp) 

PROPHET PRODUCTIONS PRESENTS 
THE FOURTH ANNUAL 

BOB MARLEY 
BIRTHDAY CONCERT 

CLUB REGGAE ON BROADWAY 
24TH & BROADWAY IN GOLDEN HILL 

$750 ADVANCE $8 75 AT TIlE DOOR ALL AGES WELCOME 
FOR INFO & TICKETS C ALL 283·1566 

WITH YOUR REGGAE DJS MAKEDA & DAMAJA LE ot\. 

music to examine our lives. 
values and dreams. and the 
"games" we play, Set In a 
futuristic society. The Tooth of 
Crime presents a confrontation 
between two musicians. Hoss. 
the aging superstar, slipping 
from the top of the charts. is 
challenged by Crow. the young. 
aspiring rocker. Battling each 
other for turf. each strives to 
"kill " his opponent with style, 
The rules of the "game" are 
controlled by the "keepers." an 
unseen. all-powerful. collective 
influence. 

'The Tooth of Crime Is 
dealing with the cutting edge of 
crime. beyond the realm of the 
physical. In a battle of ~yches. 
of minds." explains Dichter, 
"Shepard is saying. yes. you can 
destroy a man's flesh but the 
greater crime Is the destruction 
of his mind and his spirit. 

With set and costumes 
designed by UCSD graduate 
student Uta rink and an original 
rock and roll score composed by 
Victor lupane and Jeff Barnet. 
this e.lciting production 
promises to examine the 
"Arnerkan Dream" and where it 
has gone In our Impersonal. 
competitive world. 

ror ticket information. call 
452-4574, 

Jazz improvisation will 
open musical festival 
" Resonance and Reverbera-

tions." an evening of Jazz 
Improvisation. opens the UCSD 
Music Department's three-day 
Improvisation restival at 8 pm 
Tuesday at the newly 
refurbiltled Center for Music 
fxperlment. 

The evening of Improvised 
music features floyd Gaffney of 
the UCSD Drama Department as 
narrator. Jim rrench on 
frenchaphones. Daryl Pratt 
percussion. Tripp Sprague 
saxophones. and Bert Turetzkey. 
bass, The provocative repertory 
Includes such pieces as 
"Straight no Chaser." "Duke 
Ellington, a Portrait." and 
" Blues for Mr. Orwell." among 
others, 

The second day of the 
festival. Wednesday at 8 pm. 
KIVA. the UCSD fxperimeDtal 
Ensemble. offers a program' of 
dance/music demonstrating 
new performance techniques. 
original gestures and new 
instruments. as developed by 
dancer Hi-ah Park (currently 
chosen by the noted theater 
director Grotowskl to work with 
his group at UC Irvine). 
percussionist Jean-Charles 
francols and trombonist John 
Silber. KIVA Is about to go on 
tour to Philadelphia. 
Washington D.C. and l'1ew York 
CltY'1 AI concerts are free. for 
more Information call 452-
3229. 

SPECIAL TO 
LONDON. 

Business and 
Technical Majors 
Highly responsible positions 
for college seniors and 
graduates (through age 34) in 
financial and logistic support. 
The Navy Supply Corps needs 
highly qualified, dynamic 
individuals to lead and 
manage large inventory and 
financial networks. Salary 
$18,500 to start. $34,000 after 
4 years. Excellent benefits 
package. Need BAIBS, U.S. 
citizenship. Call Naval 
Management Programs, 293-
6746,8 am - 4 pm. Monday 
through Wednesday. 

SJ20onew.y· 
LAX to Landon 

-Must purctlase ticket ~ 
Feb. 10. Valid for 6 months. 

SPECIAL TO 
AUI'IIIALIA 
1499 round trip 

Nat ,ona StuOen t Trave l Bureau 
01 tne US A 

452-0630 
Council Travel 

UCSO Student Ctr ., 
8-023, La Jolla , CA 92093 

.dZ D', :t<n"t 
d.~~~'~ 
~ /f4iL:u mak • ... 
You need accurate information in a 
profe88ional letting with 
guaranteed confidentiality. 
You'll find it at. .. 

•

• FAMILY PLANNING 
ASSOCIATES 
MEDtCALGROUP 

• Free pregnancy testing 
• Pregnancy terminations with 

general or local ane.the.ia 

REGGAE DISCO NIGHT ~\)-t 
o~fl'.~ SP ANKY'S SALOON :I 

• Birth control • Counseling 
Our .." gynecolc IIiIII .rid IIUIM pr8Ct11ioi ~ epec:i8IIa In p!O-
viding the .. rvlcn )IOU nNd at an affordlbl. price. WI 1Ceep! 
Medl-Cal, Private InlUrance. VISA, Mulercerd. ~ P co'le\ MIDWAY AND ROSECRANS q~. 

____ .~EG"--..I,,~ 21 and ove~SA.9.p.m.'2.a.m_. Co."p\0 tt-A IAN DlEIII 6495 Alvarlelo Rei . 
(11') 217-1226 EVERY SUNDAY EVENING AT 9:00 PM ON 91X 

.. NWU5 february 2. 1964 

A musical 
bibute to 
San Diego 

By Al'IDRfW KlEIER 
It started ten years ago with a 

song about Chula Vista. KGB 
then released an entire album of 
material dealing with life In San 
Diego. The Itome Grown albums 
over the years showcased local 
talent and raised money for 
local charities. These discs 
provided a source of both pride 
and humor In America's finest 
City. 

four years ago the hJgh price 
of petroleum forced KGB to look 
for another local promotlon/ 
fun raiser. The Skyshow was 
Initiated and has met with 
mixed success. This year the 
radio station has brought Itome 
Gl'OWn back flom the dead. 

This year's entries were not 
restricted to songs about San 
Diego. just the best material 
local bands had to offer. Over 
400 submissions Hooded the 
station and a panel of local 
music personalities made the 
Hnal decision. Many of the 
musicians appearing on the 
record play regularly at local 
nightclubs and occasionally 
UCSD lGs. rour [yes. Dirk 
Debonalre. Blitz Brothers and 
Moving Targets have also 
released EPs locally. 

Of the twelve songs. "You 
Lost a Gold Mine" comes across 
as the most Impressive. The 
rockablly number by the Beat 
farmers features the same kind 
of wild energy tbat has made the 
Blasters one of the premier 
bands In the country. Vocalist 
Bobby Blue and the boys are fast 
becoming the band with the 
local dance crowd. 

Probably San Diego's best 
known performer (next to the 
Chicken) Dirk Debonalre Is at 
his best with " Lost Boy," It is a 
wry tale of a desperate soul lost 
in the jungle of Dlegos-type 

F 10 R u V e: I~ 
. 11' H E IF 

I 

rA [N 1) 
IR 

-If-t1 ~ IT 
il N 

.., 

P IR IE IP 1.4 IR 
IS 
IT 

ACIIOSS DOWII 
1 lSAT tvAl , NMB 
2 GMAT 

" TOEfl 2 VOE 
3 GRr 11 ~SAt 3 ECl MG 
• MCAT 12 P~AT • lUX 
! !lAI 13 \ 41 ! NOB 
• MAl ,. AI I • NPBI 1 PCAT I! M~'P 1 NCB I 
• O~M H(;fN~, 

video spots where the "in" 
people hang out. (,'I'm a lost 
boy. In a sick world. full of 
lonely people who party.") 

Another song depicting the 
underbelly of nightclub life Is 
"The Boys Go Home" performed 
by Marty Eldridge with Ron and 
Roy Jones and John Slowlczek 
on Synthesizers. Victim. a band 
of heavy-metal headbangers, 
does a great Impression of Judas 
Priest with their sonA "Victim," 

1
11'51 

S 

~ 

~I 1£ ' . I,. D -
A IT II 0 IN 

•• 

, GRE PSYCH 
,. CRE 810 
11 ACHIEVEMENI S 
12 NUR~ING HilS 
13 CPA 
,. SPEW Rf-'llINI, 
I!lSI REVIEW 
" INIRO TO 

l AW SC HOOl 

CLASSES ON cAMpus 

~-# 
• It 
(DUCATIONAI. ClHTfR 

( 11' IJ· h' f ... , · .. .... W"' ... ".lf' 
San Diego Center 
2180 Gamet Ave., Suite 20 
Pacific Beach 92109 

, (619) 270-6110 
M. L McNul1y. Administrator 

"Spend the /"fIght With Mary" by 
CJ. Hutton (who appeared on an 
earlier Home Grown album) 
deviates from the rock norm 
with Its folksy style. 

The last cut Is a rowdy. rock 
number with a twist of humor, 
" fried Chicken" by Modem 
Rhythm c1ascs the album with 
these words of wisdom: "Pass 
the biscuits. pass the gravy, you 
gotla know how to pick 'em. 
what you got is way too hot. and 

now you're Just fried chicken," 
Also appearing on Home 

Grown '84 are Average Citizen, 
Darius and the Magnets and 
Frank Grubbs. From the cover 
art by John Webster to the high 
quality of sound on the vinyl. 
Home Grown '84 recaptures the 
spirit of the earlier recordings 
and offers San Diego a rare 
musical spotlight. Besides, 
you 're not going to find a better 
album for $2.50, 

H you've majored In 
Chemistry 

Computers 
as tools for 
the artist 

Those interested in the latest 
state-of-the art technology wllI 
enjoy dance. music. and Him 
presentation Involving 
computer as realized by 
composer/photographer Phil 
Winsor and. dancer/composer 
Debra Chang Thursday. rebruary 
2. 8 pm, Mandeville Recital Hall. 
under the auspices of the UCSD 
Music Department. 

The program Includes: The 
Bride stripped Bare. a Him 
accompanied by a wide range of 
traditional and electronic 
sounds In collage fashion 
corresponding to the 
articulation of Him sections: 
"STR.GAM." a computer-
generated piece simulating the 
affective quality of slowed-down 
gamelan music; Kalihi . 
dedicated to jazz pianist ernie 
Washington. manipulates 
sounds derived from improvisa-
tions at the piano: for a change 
of mood and style, synthesized 
Muzak. Missa Brevis. an 
example of minimalist total 
theater. and America: New and 
Used and The Bride Stripped 
Bare. two collaborative works 
by cinematographer Tom 
PaJazzolo and composer Phil 
Winsor. exploring different 
approaches to the combination 
of visual effects and organized 
sound. 

Animation fest 
addstwosbow$ 

In addition to the current 
schedule the Animation festival 
has added a midnight show on 
Friday and a 2 pm matinee on 
Saturday, Tickets are available 
at the La Jolla Museum Box 
Office beginning tomorrow. ror 
further information call 454-
0267, 

You should know more about 
the career opportunities at 

National Starcb and Chemical Corporation ••• 
a company comprised of ..... Ie 

working to meet the .llds of .Ie. 
We're National Starch and Chemical Corporation, International In 
scope and a leading manufacturer of over 2,000 technically advanced 
products. Paper, food, packaging, textiles, cosmetics, disposables, 
bookbinding, automotive and applfances, pharmaceuticals, water treat-
ment and WOodworking-are all Important Industries that utilize our 
products, many of which probably touch your life in some way every 
day. Most Impressive is our record of uninterrupted growth.:, we've en-
Joyed an increase In sales for the 32nd consecutive year. 
It has taken the combined efforts of a highly motivated, forWard think-
Ing, talented group of professionals tflat have brought us to the 
forefront of our Industry, It will take similar minded peopre to lead us In-
to the future. If you set high goals and achleye them and have a solid ac. 
demlc background, you should know more about us and we about you. 

P ..... YIIH our ........... tIve on Fe....., 9, 1984 
If unable to attend plea ........ your ......... to 

rAJj Carol Dedrtck, COl ..... R.lallOne Manager 
~ational Starch and Chemical Corporation 

An Affirmative Action Employer M/F 

rebTUiry 2. 1984 NIMu .5 



UCSB troupe brings 'Hecuba' TRANSLATOR 
Euripides' Hecuba will be members include Cecelia Rebecca Covey. Choreographed 

performed by members of the Kouma. Ben-Jamin 8ratt. Ron by Susan Barber Frink with 
UC Santa Barbara Department of Mussared. Tom Elliot. Matthew scenic design by Sharon 
Dramatic Arts at the Mandeville Bailin. Cynthia Campman and Per I m u t t e r . 
Recital Hall on february 3 and 4 
at 8:00 pm nightly: Tickets are 
$4.00. available at the door 
only. 

"ecuba deals with the plight 
of Hecuba. former queen of Troy 
and wife of Priam. during an 
episode following the sacking of 
Troy by Greek forces under 
Achilles and Agamemnon. This 
ancient tale of social i~ustice 
and personal anguish, 
translated by William 
Arrowsmith. Is a vivid glimpse 
of Greek mythology. Hecuba is 
played by Susan Verducci; Eric 
Lewis plays the ghost of her son, 
Polydorus: Kurt 8raunrelter 
assumes the role of Agamem- No Time Like Feb. 6th 
non: and Greg Hubbard appears "Hec:abaH wII be penorwed Ia Na.dewUle I'rtday aIId Sa ......... 
as the son of Achilles. Other cast '-1 at Noon on the Gym step 

UCSD~Team FREE presen s • AUDIENCES WIll SIMPlY CltBll$H 
'B11EA1C1N6 _r." 

IMtfIMI SdIcMI nMfIllAfOAlllf[ 

l~t; FACIAL Look Your Best 
ALWAYS 

BREAKING AWAY Call Jar complimentary 
Thanday, february 2 

8:00 • 10:00 pm Jacial and make-over. 
Petenoa Ball 457-4860 New Th"rl College Lecture Hall 

Tickets $1.75 
Available at the Box Office Groups Welcome! 

I ~ 

An Invitation to 
all UCSD Undergraduates: 

enter the Tenth Annual 

Book 
Collection 

Contest 
1984 

The Friends of the UCSD Library are sponsoring the 
Tenth Annual Book Collection Contest to encourage 

undergraduate interest in reading and to stimulate 
personal book collecting by students. 

Entries May Be: 
A, A collection centering on any subject (e.g .• Baja Ca/ifo~nia, Bioethics, 

Diegeno Indians, Epic Theater, John F. Kennedy. World War 1). 
B, A collection focusing on a single author or group of authors (e.g., 
Carroll, Chekhou, Feminist Poets, Heinlein. Lessing, The Modernists). 
C_ A collection of works by a printer, book·binder or designer, or 

illustrator (e.g .• Ward Ritchie, Maurice Sendak. Adrian Wilson) . 
Calendar 

Monday, April 16, 1'84 - Closing date for submission of 
the bibliographical essays. 

Monday, April 23, 1'84 - Preliminary screening 
of essays. 

Monday, April 30, 1'84 - Final judging. 
.----Prizes:------. 

$175 (first) 
$125 (second) 

75 third 

, 

For more in/ormatIon or a lea/let, please contact Marc 
Gittelsohn at 452-3065, or inquire at the Cluster 

Undergraduate Library Reference Desk. 
6 iil.tus february 2. 1984 

/. 
.. 

1011 umino Del Mar, Suite 108, Del Mar / .81-6739 

Now Offers 
• Complete Skin Care 6;[ MakeUp Techniques 
• Manicures , Pedicures 6;[ Sculptured Nails 

Classes available. 

Hair Design Special 
Women's Style $1 7 

Men 's Style $14 
(fIrSt time only - Tim) 

ACADIMY AWMD __ POI 

IDT IUPPOImN8 
~ 

C_18Ip) 

This friday. february 3, 8 p.m. 
ItIandeviUe Auditorium 

Only $1.00 
=-iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii Uc''iD Boll OffIce: ., 2-455 9 iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii 

The UCSD Music Department 
and the San Diego Public 
Theater are laLllchlng a new 
joint venture presenting a !eries 
of Monday evening Concerts of 
contemporary music beginning 
Monday. february 1.5. at 8 pm .. 
San Diego Public Theater. 8th 
and K Streets. 

The series. conceived as a 
cabaret of diverse media. 
features UC5D faculty artists 
and graduate students from the 
departments of Music. Visual 

Arts. and Drama. The ftrst 
Monday henlng offers Song 
IJook.s by John Cage, M.""" 
by tardew, a poetJy reading by 
Jerry Rothenberg. and solo 
performances by Bert Turetzky. 
bass, Jean-tharles francols. 
plano. John ronvllle, ftute, and 
~ HarklM, trumpet In a piece 
entitled ll«tric Trumpet 

Admission Is $5. ror more 
Information call 452-3229 or 
232-7378. 

• • • 

Violinist Gregory Walker will 
perform Tartlnl's Deuil's Trill 
Sonata. the first movement 
from Sibellus' Violin Concerto 
and Recitatiuo and Scherzo by 
fritz Kreisler. Sunday. february 
5. at 8 pm. Room 8210, 
Mandeville Center. 

In adelltlon to his Interest In 
the violin. walker is also 
studying computer music. He 
has perfmned at musk festivals 
and recitals throughout the 
United States. 

The concert Is free. for 
Information call 452-3219. 

• • • 

Great rock and roll hlb the 
Rodeo Sundavwfth Dave Undky 

A IIuoqH 6oedo_: The highly community. 1bdr current tol8' brings them to 
acclaimed Bartok String Quartet has played campus for an evening of jamming with the 
rei' the crown heads of europe and Asia as well music 01 the masters. l1cket prices are 
as nmnerolB put gigs for the UCSD ac:acIemlc reasonable. ror more Info call 452- 45~9.· 

and ~I Rayo -X. Undley gained 
prominence a few years back 
with his hit JlfeTcuty. DIe show Is 
at 8 pm. Tickets are available at 
the Rodeo box oftIce and all 
Tele8eat outlets. ror more 
information call 483-6339. 

••• 
~ sua. an Italian drama. 

. winner of the 1956 Academy 
Award for Best foreign I'Ilm, 
screens Wednesday, february 8. 
at '7:30 pm at the La Jolla 
Museum of Contemporary Art. 

Anthony Quinn stars as a 
brutish strongman who takes a 
simple-minded girl with him as 
hE tours from town to town In a 

traveling circus. The two 
encounter an acrobat. portrayed 
by Richard Buehart. who ellJoYs 
teasing him. The performance of 
Gluletta Maslna as the tragic 
waif. has ~en universally 
lauded as it' tour de {otr:e of 
suoerlatlve actina. 

~ stradlls director federlco 
fellln!'s most widely admired 
ftlm. It Is shown In Italian with 
fngllsh subtitles. DIe ftlm is the 
second of ftve Italian works 
featured In rebnary in the 
Museum's ~enlng I'Ilm !ales; .-

• • • 

starts at the La Jolla Museum of 
Contemporary Art on January 21 
and continues through March 4 
In corUunctlon with two new 
exhibitions being shown at the 
Museum, Ifair Breadth - f'lew 
Will Dlilwings by Mike Qlier. 
and John Pfahl - Power 
fraces, 29 color photographs of 
monumental energy sources. 

Photogtaphy t:.Khibition.s. a 
series of three Interviews with 
artists/photographers Hans 
I'tamuth, Cindy Shaman and 
Robert Rauschenberg. can be 
seen dally In the Museum 
galleries from 10:00 until 5:00 
pm on Tuesday through rriday 

and from 12:30 until 5:00 pm on 
week.ends, without charge. 

Also scheduled Is Young 
lKptP.ssionism. a video tape 
exploration of the work of three 
artJsts. Jean .. Iebel Basqulat. 
I'ranceaco Clemente and Julian 
Schnabel. The tape Includes 
InterYlews with Jean Mkhel 
Basqulat and Julian Schnabel. 

The La Jolla Museum's 
videotape !eries augments the 
Museum's temporary exhibi-
tions and permanent collection. 

The MU!eum is located at 700 
Prospect Street In La Jolla. for 
more Information call 454-
0267. 

••• 

The rrlday film series 
continues this week with the 
Dustin Hoffman film Tootsie, 
The film centers around an out-
of-work actor whose only 
prospect of landing a role is by 
posing as a woman. The 111m Is 
at 8 pm. Admission Is only $2. 
for more Information call 452-
4559. 

••• 

The I'tew York drama 
production Adam Ci,llyton 
Powell will perform at the Old 
Town Opera House in San 
Diego's Historic Old Town 
District, february 2 through 
february 12. The drama stars 
the original I'tew York cast and 
portrays the life and legend of 
Adam fowell. Jr.. the 
Oamboyant and controversial 
Congressman, revolutionary 
and man of God. who has a 
powerful political force under 
the Truman. eisenhower, 
Kennedy and Johnson 
presidential administrations. 

The curtain will rise at 8 pm 
Thursdays through Saturdays 
and at 3:JO pm on SUndays. 
General admission Is $8.50. 

for tickets and Information. 
call 298-0082. 

Color Bltnd? 

J!;~'~ ~~ 
Burroughs Corporation. a world leader in the electronics baaed 

infonnation systems industry, is ready for the future. We are firmly 
established in one of the moat promising growth industries of our time 

... we have addressed all of the essentials - human resources, technology and 

It you are color blind we 
will pay you $5.00 per hour 
to participate in perception 
experiments on the nature 
of color blindness. For more 
intonnation contact: Kathy 
Purl or AI Nagy at 452-4762 

between 9:00 and noon. 

NAVY NUCLEAR' 
ENGINEERING 

any better offers? $24,000 
to $54,000 after 6 years. 
If you are 19 to 26 years 
of age majoring in math, 

chemistry, physics or 
engineering and would 
like to learn more about 

this opportunity 

CALL 
COLLECT 
(619) 

293-6746 
Call between 'the hours of 9 
am to 5 pm, Mon. thru Wed. 

customers - constructively and comprehensively. 
Our principal revenues 

are derived from the sale of infonnation systems. 
equipment services. media products, 

Our products -oo~ ~h~':!:~~~ ~~~ 1.' . 
. include computers. f 

office automation systems. computel' 
based systems. peripheral devices. 
and a range of applications software 
products and professional services. 
Burroughs' ongoing success in the design, engineering, 
manufacturing. marketing and support of information systems 

special purpose products 
and services, as well as 

business forms 
and supplies. 

and related equipment has resulted In opportunities for top graduates in: 
• Computer Science • Electronic Engineers. Chemical Engineers 

ON ·CAMPUS INTERVIEWS 
February 14 
See your college placement office to arrange an interview. 

An Affirmalivil Aclion Emplo)!cr M/f' 

Burroughs 
rebruary 2. 1984 IIUtu 7 

.. 



"'''''''1 th d ~ m~m S~~n!~s o~ ~ 
u.c . .... -.o 

______ . SKA 'N' B •• ~ .. r. 
with 

with Paul Carrack 
plus special guest 

Mr. Mr. 

Friday, March 2, 8:00 pm 
UCSDGYM 

Tix on sale now at ~ars ana all Ticketron outlets. 
Also at the UCSD Box Office. 

Call 452-4559 for more information. 
--.N~.AA.JIIJ.'''''''''--IU'I,-AI',--.,IV-- Southland Concerts -..... I'rI'rAJYrIY'J'JY1I'YV'I1'W' ......, .~."T.' ....., 
8 "'atus February 2, 1984 

1984 85 Plaalldal AIel ~ Scholanhlp 
AppUcadoD DeadUn •• 

$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$ 
$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$ 
--All current financial aid recipients were mailed 

1984-85 applications to re-apply. 
--All continuing students with a 3.50 cumulative 

GPA were mailed 1984-85 scholarship 
applications. 

APPUCAnONS MUST BE POSTMARKED 
FEBRUARY 9, 1984. 

All financial aid applications who are eligible to apply 
for a Cal Grant are required to apply for a Cal Grant; 
failure to do so will result in a loss of UCSD financial 
assistance -- the Cal Grant deadline for new applicants 

is February 9, 1984. 
The deadline to complete your financial aid file for 

Fall Quarter 1984 aid is May 1, 1984. 
If you do not receiv~ an application packet in the mail, 

please request one from your college 
financial aid office. 

Workshops for completing the financial aid and/or 
scholarship application will be held in the North 
Conference Room in the Student Center at the 

following times: 

Thursday-FeblU8lY 2-9:00 am 

Frlday-Febnwy 3-1:00 pm 

Monday-Febtuary 6--11:00 am 

Plan to attend one of these workshops. Please bring 
your applica~on forms with you to the workshop. 

SPIRIT 
TRITON 
BASKETBALL 

Friday Night, 
February 3rd. 

5:15 pm UCSD vs. UC-Riverside (Women) 
7:30 pm UCSD vs. Point Loma (Men) 

BIG SHOT Free Throw Contest 
STUDENTS vs ADMINISTRAnON 

Half-time of Men's game 
REDUCm ADMISSION For UC5D Community 

.50 ltudents $1 faculty & ltaff 
1.0.'5 required 

AND DANCE 
to the 

R..4.MING HIBACHI'S 
REC GYM 10:00 pm-12:30am 

Sponsored by the Sports Activities Board 


