
-A 
1_ ._ ::.. ... 

... 

-
--

-... 
~ 
.. 

-

, 9({) 
1 0 77 -"71 9 c 14 ~ ~~ 

~ \ -
., :: .,. 
· : . ~. 
• . r :-. I . 
· .:' ~ . · ,. .: 
• : I 

J 
A 
~ 

, 

W - ~ ,. 
~I 

""1 1JOl 
''' AU.OC.' 

' ·12 G 

I ~-.~ 
' \ \.~II L' 

I-I ~ 
:. " 

,) 7 " iI ~ 
It."1"o.\ JJ ( . 

I" 9 l~' ~ • .1 " 

~ 
... ?>\~ 

c---:::-- . 
-.~ 

IGJ" ir7 



I 

2 Monday , Noy. 19, 198'1 
NEIr.l5 

The Associated Students are 
sponsoring a new fundraising project 
caUed SOURCE (Students OrganIzing 
University Resources through 
Community Exchange). All students 
interested in organizing or participating 
in the program feel free to stop by the 
North Conference Room in the Student 
Center today between 12 and 1 or 
Tuesday, 4-5. For more information 
about SOURCE, contact Marla Winitz or 
Melanie Singer in the AS office, or call 
452-4450 . 

o 
Private suppon for the University of 

California, which has been increasing 
steadily for several years , reached a 
record $215.7 million during 1983-84, 
according to a repon to be presented to 
the UC Board of Regents. 

The figure represents a 37% gain over 
the 1982-83 total of $157.5 million , 
according to the repon. 

In remarks prepared for the Regents ' 
Noyember 16 meeting in San 
Francicsco, Will iam Baker, vice 
preSident of Budget and University 
Relations, said private gifts to the 
University have set records for eight of 
the last 10 years. 
, All evidence points toward more of 
the .same in the future , "so that private-
suppOrt totals that were only yesterday 
inconceivable may yet become a reality 
in our lifetimes," he predicted . 

Alumni contributions and those from 
corporations both were up substantially 
from 1982-83. Alumni contributions to 
the Regents from all nine campuses 
were up 107%, while corporate gifts to 
the Regents increased almost as much 
- 104%. Alumni gifts to campus 
foundations increased by 80%. 

The individual campuses all showed 
gains. Combined supports ( including 
gifts to the Regents and to campus 
foundations) increased most sharply, 
65%, at UC Santa Cruz. 

Baker said the increases are not 
accidental but are based on several good 
reasons, including increaSingly 
ambitious and successful fund-raiSing 
campaigns on the individual campuses. 

He said a number of campuses have 
begun multi -purpose fund-raiSing 
campaigns rather than focusing on a 
single project or purpose. 

A national trend toward giving more 
to higher educaion seems to be 
benefiting the University and other 
schools, Baker noted . He said there may 
be several reasons for this, including the 
proliferation of attrac tive taX incentives 
for donors and the increasingly 
imponam role that the research mission 
of universities plays in corporate 
America. 

D 
John Ruskin Clark will present the 

opening chapter of his biography of 
Joseph Priestly at the next San Diego 

. . . 

Independent Scholars meeting 
November 28 at 7:30 pm in Room IllA, 
Chancellor's Complex. 

Dr. Clark is pastOr emeritus of San 
Diego Unitarian Fellowship . The 18th 
cenruty scientist whose biography he is 
currently writing was also a Unitarian 
minister. 

Priestley is best known as the 
discoverer of oxygen, though he also 
identified seven other elements. In 
addition, he was an educatOr, histOrian 
and friend of Benjamin Franklin. 
Thomas Jefferson and John Adams, as 
well as a heterodox theologian who 
attempted to integrate science and 
religion. 

Professor Nicholas Jolley of the 
Philosophy Department will be the 
commentatOr on this presentation . 

Liste ners will be asked to critique the 
chapter and to suggest ways of making 
it more interesting and readable. 

The meeting is open to the public 
and admission is free . 

D 
A special class in creating marine-

related decorations and wrapping 
papers for the Christmas and Hanukkah 
holidays is being oITered on Saturday. 
Dec. I , by the aquarium at the Scripps 
Instirution of Oceanography. 

Participants will learn how to use the 
ancient artistic techniques of gyotaku 
(fish and shell printing) and origami 
(paper folding) to create unique holiday 
artWork. The class will be held from 9 
am to noon in the Scripps Aquarium 
classroom, 8602 La Jolla Shores Drive. 

Fee for the class is $10, which 
includes materials for an projects. 
Participants must bring their own tissue 
paper for printing wrapping paper. The 
class is limited to the first 20 persons 

. registered. 
o 

Dr. Philip Morrison, professor of 
physics at the Massachusetts Institute of 
Technology, and one of the nation's best 
known astronomers, will deliver the 
annual William F. Marlar Lecrure today, 
November 19. 

The lecture, titled "The Return of the 
Ether!? ," is sponsored by the Center for 
Astrophysics and Space Sciences, and 
will be given at 4 pm in the Mandeville 
Center Recital Hall. The public is invited 
and admission is frep. . 

The Marlar Foundation , which is 
providing funds for the lecture, is an 
educational foundation which assists 
scholars in the space sciences. In 
addition to the lectureship, Marlar 
Foundation funds have been used to 
create a fellowship for space research 
which is given each year to a promising 
graduate student to support the 
student's thesis research . 

Morrison is a theoretical 
astrophysicist. His continUing work has 
sought to explain supernovae . cosmic 

~----------~----------~ 
I 
,.1. 

-t ,nu. 
~ 'III r'" 

I tt , ,. j 
.;II"" ... ~ "" . .... 

-. 
I j ,. , ,. .. , 
I I Ij I ., .. ,' ,,!I"" 
I ~ , , • III I .. "'~I III I'J; I J L 

~ U ' V~I ~~. ) .. I" , 

Cover: The Associated Students Council has granted 
itself a few dollars in the fonn of salaries, and not 
everyone's happy about it. See the cover story on page 7 
and the related editorial on page 4. 

News: A new survey of UCSO's athletic facilities is underway 
to determine whether or not they need to be 
upgraded/rebuilt, a pair of enterprising UCSO grads are 
delivering food to starving students (for a fee), and a look 
back at the archaeological expedition of several UCSO 
students to Jerusalem over the summer. 
Opinions: The Guardian examines the AS stipends, the 
"duelist" talks the destruction of books at bookstores, plus 
letters and Doonesbury. 
Perspectives: A story on speaking disorders, and the 
"writer's in bids farewell to the Rodeo from his perch 
somewhere outside the windows. 
Spotts: UCSO volleyball advances to the quanerfinals with a 
win over Elmhurst College-a look at their winning tradition, 
Also, men's basketball stans off on smooth seas, a profile of 
the captain of the boat, coach Tom Marshall, and women's 
basketball prepares to launch its own season tomorrow. 
Plus ... The Weekly Calendar. 

COVER DESIGN BY JOHN ASHLEE 

rays, cosmic x-rays, gamma rays, active 
galaxies, quasars and questions in 
cosmology. 

He was among the first scientists to 
call upon the scientific community to 
begin a coordinated search for 
extraterrestrial signals. 

Since then he has been deeply 
involved in the developing interest of 
the scientific community in searching 
for signals of life elsewhere in the 
universe . 

o 

A group of unemployed adults 
identified as economically 
disadvantaged by the Santa Barbara 
County employment and Training 
Programs office are derermined to 
change that designation by learning new 
technologic11 skills in a program at the 
University of California, Santa Barbara. 

Under a grant from rhe federal Job 
Training Partnership Act UTPA), men 
and women are learning to use state-of-
lhe-an computer office software in the 
microcompute r laboratory at UCSB. 

Direcred by Microcomputer 
Laboratory Manager Jeffrey T. Marcus, 

the comprehensive ten-week 
Microcomputer Office Skills Training 
Program began in late September and 
Marcus said he is pleased at how much 
his students have already learned. 

The federally funded ]TPA was 
designed as a replacement for the Com-
prehensive Employmenr and Training 
Act to get the unemployed back to work. 

In fact, the training is just one aspecr 
of the program, according to Marcus. 
Another is securing full-rime 
employment for panicipants. 

Marcus said that the placement office 
at UCSD is expected to find jobs for his 
students at the end of the training. 

He said that by then the students 
should have mastered microcompUler 
word processing, electronic spread sheers 
and record-keeping systems. 

o 

Kinko's Copies in La Jolla Village 
Square is oITering free "2010" movie 
POSters ro anyone who aks, while 
they last. The posters are full-
color reproductions of shotS from the 
film. 

- Sean Wapafr 

Monday, Noy. 19, 1984 3 

Athletic facility study 

UCSD to upgrade playgrounds 
By LILYS MCCOY 

A FEASIBILITY STUDY to determine how the construction of new and the restoration of 
existing athletic buildings, fields and 
sports facilities fit into the short and 
long range plans of the UCSD campus 
will be undenaken in December. 

The study is one aspect of the long-
range development plan which has 
included Investigations of parking and 
hOlJsing needs at the university. 

According to Beverly Nuckles, the 
senior planner of the Resource 
Management OlTice , "The study will be 
making recommendations for all of the 
recreation facilities that we can forsee 
will be needed if the campus develops 
to the year 2,000 the way we have it in 
the long-range development plan." 

The physical education . recreation 
and intramural SpOrts departments have 
pooled their ideas and needs about new 
and better sports facilities on a "wish 
list." 

According to Howard Hunt, director 
of UCSD's Physical Education 
Department, the "wish list" is a 
culmination of "what we (the Physical 
Education Department) feel the campus 
needs now. all the way to what we feel 
the campus will need many yearS down 
the road ." 

The project has been oITered to 
various resource management 

companie~ . one of which will be chosen 
after all the bids have been received by 
the Resource and Management OlTice. 

A new pool may be in the plans. 

According to Nuckles, the office 
hopes to have a consultant working on 
the study early in December. The study 
should be finished sometime in 
February, she said . 

The consultant will examine the 
amount of space available and the 
uni versity's plans for other proposed 
construction and then make 
recommendations on how the Physical 
Education Department's goals can fit 
imo the large scale plans for university 
growth. 

The sites being cons idered by the 
univesrity for new athletic buildings and 
fields are the lot easy of Highway 5 near 
the Mesa apartments, and the land 
nonh of the Institutt: of the Americas. 

According to Nuckles, "We don 't plan 
to use any of the eXisting fields for 
building." 

The greatest needs of the Physical 
Education Depanmem are , according to 
Hunt, that of two new fields , 
approximately 60x150 yards in size. 

"Most immediately,we need new 
fields , and we desperately need a new 
gym , a locker room and olTice space," 
said Hunt. 

At the present. he said. major work 
on the damaged and rutted fields, such 
as Muir Field and Pryatel Field "is 
impossible ," until the study determines 
where the new fields will be built and 
construction on those fields begins. 

"We need at least two more fields . So 
we can'begin to take the damaged fields 
out of rotation ," said Hunt. 

If one of the heavily-used fields were 
to be closed off now, he said , a number 
of teams, especially intramural, would 
have to be cut. 

Information gathered through the 
study, however, may allow the university 
to overcome such a problem. 

The only two fields not in need of 
repair are east and west of Warren 
College. These are leased by the San 
Diego Chargers for its training camp 
during the summer and are kept in top 
condition through the fees which the 
Charger organization pays to the 
university. 

Although the fields will not 
immediately undergo resurfacing, 
temporary repair, costing about $2,000 
to $3 ,000, will be done on at least Muir 
and Pryatel Fields over the academic 
breaks. Hunt said . ~ 

Regents OK parking fee 
The UC Regents have approved a parking fee hike of $2 per month that will take 

effect this January. All students who currently have a permit will be required to pay the 
extra money because all the old ones will no longer be valid. 

New pennits will be issued either through the mail or by having students wait in line 
at the beginning of next quaner. 

"We're going to try ro keep it as simple as we can," said one parking official. The AS 
has protested the mid-year increase and is currently tryirig to find an alternative 
solution. 

,----------------------------------. 
I --GRAND OPENING- : 

WE NOW HAVE COLOMBO TOFU ALSO! 
(LESS CALORIES THAN YOGURT) 

UNIVERSllY TOWNE CENTRE 
UP BY NORDSTROMS 

FRUSEN 
GIlDJE 

1M 
Natural Ice Creams 

Buy a single scoop of 
ice cream or TOFU and 
get another scoop FREE 

Valid with coupon only. Expires 11-25-84. 

~----------------------------------



-1- Monday, Nov. J 9, J 984 

AS: The rescission of ethics 
Wednesday evening. somewhere between 7 and 8 pm , your elected 

Associated Students representatives voted themselves $6 ,552.90 in 
greenbacks and coins for a period of 20 weeks, commencing in January. 
Regardless of whether or not you believe the president, vice president, 
six commissioners and three Executive Board members deserve a salary, 
they will certainly receive one, unless of course a petition containing 
signatures from ten percent of the student body forces them to call a 
referendum. With the exception of a memo posted on the AS bulletin 
board and a note briefly describing the matter in the AS agenda. no 
prior notice of this momentous page of student trust was given. In fact , 
the evaluation procedure itself appeared to have been a very murky 
affair. 

The ineptness and general irresponsibility of the members of the 
"Executive Committee on Salaries" rings loud and clear. Witness 
statements such as these from a couple AS officials. Katie Thompson , a 
Third College representative. felt that "to vote (councilmembers) salaries 
without funher discussing other options, to go into this volatile event 
headfirst without any trial period for broad-based evaluation, does not 
make any sense. It is utterly ridiculous." Allan Colley, commissioner for 
student welfare and by majority vote a future recipient of a salary he 
philosophically opposes, stated, "It is completely unethical for us to vote 
ourselves an amount of student money without prior consultation of the 
student population: Once again, the undergraduates of UCSD are faced 
with an elected group of officials who have quickly soured on their 
campaign proposals. 

Each ticket that ran last spring promised to raise the level of 
consciousness on campus concerning student affairs. The final results of 
last spring's elections brought to us individuals from three different 
tickets plus a few scattered independents. Each one vowed to bring AS 
activities straight to your front door counesy of some new, dynamic 
barrage of infonnation. 

Whatever silly, idealistic framework these promises had crept from 
has now dissipated. Credit should go to some AS members for making a 
sincere effort at involving the student population at large concerning 
resource allocation of the original budget. But what we really have is an 
aura of defeatism surrounding the precious egos of those involved. 

Michael Goodheim, the appointed financial controller of activity fees, 

I was asked whether the Executive Committee on Salaries sincerely 
attempted to discover alternate routes of financial or academic 
compensation for AS members. He replied, "Well, we reviewed attempts 
made by fonner AS Councils in the past to obtain either academic . 
credit, a cut in registration fees, or stipends, and discovered the options 
were either unpopular with students [in the case of stipends] or 
rendered nearly impossible by the Administration." The fact is that Mr. 
Goodheim and his evaluation cohorts met inconsistendy and never 
approached the Administration with ~ny ~oncrete proposals. Instead of 
offering a plan of action, they lamely mqUlred as to whether or not a 
proposal would be considered. Some strength of character. 

This is not a case of blatant wrongdoing; one year's AS Council 
cannot be blamed for the unadultered mistakes of an entire series of 
inactive and timid elected students. Also, politicians have never enjoyed 
a puritanic reputation on any scale. It would be presumptuous to assume 
that the student body would come to respect their peers any more than 
they respect Uncle Sam. This case in rarticular is extremely interesting, 
if simply for its coloring of the level 0 immaturity of student polities as 
a whole. In the repon of the Executive Committee on Salaries, one 
statement stands out above the rest: "Salaries for the student leaders will 

. be limited by financial constraints and political feasibility." Now, what in 
the world do they mean by "politic~l fea.sibility"? Does this me~n that 
the Council is ready to test the ethical udes of UCSD? Does thls mean 
that any type of swift, negative reaction will forestall the salaries? Or 
does this simply mean that the AS is an open-minded set of individuals 
who realize the financial limitations of the community and are willing to 
reconsider their action? 

In order to best answer this question, let's review another statement 
by Third College Representative Thompson: "Despite efforts by the 
college representatives to infonn their councils on the manifestations of 
the issue {salaries], the councils were, 1 believe, swayed by the 
smoothest talker." This result is neither unusual nor unexpected. as the 
art of proper aniculation of future benefits has won more than its share 
of decisions. The victory of one coalition of purported do-gooders over 
another is commonplace in the public sector, And that's what we have 
here: students thrust into crucial positions for the first time 

> CONTINUED ON PAGE 5 > 

ll~frfr~lf~ncefdt~rr~ll®ilit®lf~ll®f&®lf~n®fr~®rr~n®(ill®lf~n®~fr®rr~n~frfr~rr~n~ilit<elf~ll~frfr~lf~ll<efctt<elf~llce 
fr®lf~lettersn®fdt®lf~n®llit®lf~ll®frfr®lf~n®l1~celf~n®fr~®Ir~n®frfr®lf~n®frfr~lf~nceilit®lf~llcefdt<elf~n<efrfrce 
lf~n®frfr®lf~ll®frfr®lf$)n®frfr®lf~ll®tl:tt®lf~ll~ltli:~lf~ll®~~®lf~n®frfr®lf~ncefrfr®lf~n<efrfrcelf~ncefdtcelf~n~frfrcelf 

n®frfr®lf~n®fdt®rr~n®frtt®lf~ll®tl:\t®lf~ ll®frtt~lf~ll®tht®lf~n®frtl:®lf~n®frtt®If~n®frfr~lfn<.efrfr®lf~n<efrfr®lfnce\l 
Media manipulation 
Editor. 

The phenomenon I would like to 
discuss IS one which I have only 
recently become aware of. That of being 
told by some to take an active role in 
political decisions, and being told by 
Others that it won't make a difference 
because we are manipulated to the point 
of making the decision those in control 
wish us to make anyway. Perhaps the 
most striking example I see of this is in 
my communications class. Even if you 
have nOl had a comm. cIa!>s, I'm quite 
sure that you have been faced with the 
same dilemma simply because you live 
in the same country and attend Ihe 
same school. 

1n a recent article "The Packaged 
Consc iousness· by Herbert I Schiller, 
and a book The Sponsor by Bamouw, the 
authors informed me that the mass 
media. who constan tly and conSistently 
barrage us with pieces of meaningful 
data ripped OUI of context to rend it 
meaningless, exert almost omplete 
control over our lives and thought 
processes: indeed the very 
socioeconomic and polilical structure 
that we base our lives upon. Although I 

tended to view television with a 
somewhat critical eye before, I am 
almOSI forced 10 look upon it now as an 
untamed beast In my own living room . 
Penodicals , I'm told , are nOl much 
better, because they aU present the same 
meaningless regurgitated information . It 
is meanmgless because it is segmented 
to the point that the public no longer 
comprehends the universal impact of 
the event. And it is controlled by the 
advertise rs to the point that what they 
don't want us to view, we don't see. 

Herein lies the students' dilemma. It 
is from thi s information that we are to 
make Critical political assumptions and 
deciS ions which not o nly affect our lives 
but also affect those around us. We are 
told to be informed , to actively 
participate, to reform the injustices 
c reated by the general ion before us. Yet 
the very information we need to change 
this sociery is being spoon fed to us by 
those who wish to keep things the way 
they are. We are simply deceived into 
thinking that how we VOle or what we 
say can make any real difference . How, 
lhen . can we be expected to change 
anything? We cannot ignore the media: 
as much as we abhor it. It is our only 
source of Information . I cannot speak to 
each ot you per:.omllly, but I reach a 

large percentage of you through the 
media. So does your congressperson. 
How many of you have acrually met 
your congressperson? Your preSident? 
Anyone that makes the vital decisions 
that affec t your everyday lives? Exactly-
not many. If we choose to ignore this 
manipulative device , then they refer to 
us as uninfonm:d fools, and we are in 
the same predicament as before. 
Accordingly, we cannot use the media 
as our sole source of infom1ation, 
because in this way, we become subjec t 
10 its biases. So what do we do? 

We, as the .new generation, lace a 
paradox which likewise confronted 
those before us. Indeed , it is difficult to 
warrant feelings of action when we are 
told that our only source of Information 
is that whic h we wish to change. 
Likewise, it is relatively difficult to 
arouse the desire 10 acti vely politically 
participate , when we are told that we 
are being manipulated , and what we say 
or what we do will have virtuaUy no 
Impacl. On lhe other hand . we cannot 
sti ck our heads in the sand and pre tend 
that we don 't know what's going on. 
because JUSt as sure as we do, a 
bulldozer appears on the horizon . 

Unfortunately. I raise many more 
questions than I answer: not unlike most 

of my professors, who also don't have 
any answers. If they did . mey most 
certainly would no/ be teaching. But I 
suppose this is to be expected, since we 
are really only a manipulated product of 
the perverse society in which we live. 
Aren ', we?? 

Suzanne Johnson 

Editor's note: George Orwell would 
commend you for raising from the crypt 
his most poignant literary device of the 
novel J 984, appropriately called "New-
speak," to a piercing tone. The manipula-
tion of our most influential resource, the 
media, is a dilemma that must be confront-
ed with intellectual vigor. Critical political 
assumption can be made by the 
individual without an abundance of 
outside interference, however. Once a 
person establishes her own set of values 
based on a pursuit of just ideals , it 
makes liv ing and working within "our 
perverse society" a litde easier. 

From me tone of your letter one 
detects a bit of frustration concerning 
your sources of infonnation. May we 
suggest a careful reading of the UCSD 
Guardian , published on Mondays and 
Thursdays, where you will discover 
fresh, unedited pieces of 
disenfranchised journalism. 

Monday, Nov. 19, 198. ~ 

AS Council: 
rescission involves questionable ethics 
( CONTINUED FROM PAGE 4 < 
trying to console meir hard work with money, and at 
the same time not going fully public with their action 
for fear of reprimandation. 

Is there a cure for this malady? What rype of moral 
incentive can we offer other AS members that would 
induce mem to propose consistent public forums on 
issues that concern the student communiry? Although 
AS meetings are open to the public, and open to 
scrutiny if the floor is given over to a recognized 
speaker, the atmosphere for dialectic leaves much to 
be desired . But talk is cheap in many instances, and 
here we have a case in point . Michael Goodheim, our 
appointed accountant, said that there "was not one 
akernative proposal or resolution presented by the 
dissenting councilmembers." We are told the 
opposition a rgued vehemently against the passage of 
salaries, but reaUy now, where was their researched 
proposal? In a sense, it was an admirable gesture for 
the. opposition to ask for a longer evaluation process, 
but didn't they know the issue was to be tabled on 
Wednesday, Nov. IS? Or did they merely fail to 
research the alternatives themselves? 

"All compulsive elected council pOSitions should be 
eligible for salaries paid entirely from investment 
income .. . . The amounts of me salaries should be 
based on responsibility ." Now. we gather that most of 
you didn 't know that somewhere between $40,000 and 
$50.000 of activity fee money was invested somewhere. 
The AS should be admired for investing, but what rype 
of investment do we have here? Is it in a floating 
money-market account? Is it in a savings account with 
the Bank of America, whose lackeys set up 
transnational corporations in Latin America and pay 
workers 50 cents an hour? Is the AS buying out Taco 
Bell? Building condos in Solana Beach? No, what mey 
are doing with this investment income is paying 
themselves for investing in the first place. Clearly, thiS 
is a breach of moral contract between the AS members 
and the undergraduate population. Yes, salaries should 
be based on responsibiliry, that is, of course, if the 
person in question continually strives for the 
betterment of the University. 

The question that has arisen has nothing to do with 
$6,552.90 of allotted money. This is conceivably a 
paltry sum if the AS members are slaving over their 
duties. Like it or not, an elected position does entail a 
great amount of time if one desires a successful term 
in office. And , if it is true mat the various academic 
depanments refuse to give the AS and other stud ent 
orgamzations academic credit for their work, then 
maybe we are call ing on the wrong culprit. If the 
UCSD academicians feel that these "extracurricular 
activities" are not wonhy of their department seal, then 
maybe they should reevaluate their ideas on what a 
true learning process really is. 

Could it .possibly be the fault of our university 
system as a whole that dilemmas such as this occur 

and occur again? Perhaps, but it seems thaI none of us 
is yet ready to awaken that sleeping giant. 

And so we are back to our IittleJ'roblem. Who is 
going to monitor the newly-salarie AS Council? "An 
external committee from council should be created. 
without council representation , to implement an 
ongoing evaluati ve process." This statement was the 
only value-laden comment in the entire Executive 
Committee Repon. But let's go a step further. The AS, if 
it desires redemption for its action, should make sure 

Doonesbury 
1HAT I0tr fit 
NfI.£!6AItf. 5IIl.. 
15&TTI£P 1IIt 
KJTOI8II/KX11f£R. 

!ifIM UKJ( It'- t;mJ~ 1A5T 
7EII1 1'€ aollfM:wy'. /161fT. 

that the evaluative board is not appOinted by them but 
ramer cast upon them by student body. If a petition is 
not drawn up calling for a referendum, then a blazing 
move to discover individuals willing to check their 
elected peers should be made. What would be more 
desirable , though without an ethical rival to date . 
would be for the council members 10 rescind their 
decision and caU for a referendum themselves. In this 
manner we can all begin a process of mutual respect 
and trust once agam. 

5/.11£, /AI('f NOT? /.£ r's 
5££ .. PAUl. LUMIBle. 
~ 6ENOT. PItI<R& 
1JfIl6EIl. . Af)IIJENNE 
O'A1lCY. IMPfl&SSIVE 
llNe·IJP. HONE-Yl 

I 

YE-S, 
SIR . 
\ 

BY GARRY TRUDEAU 

TJ./~ 
K./TCHtN 
STAFF. 

\ 

MAKING DECISIONS EASIER All YOU CAN EAT f1O\ SPAGHEltl1 fs. 
Family Plonning Associotes Medicol Group's profeSSional concerned 
stoff can give you the support you r.0cd when moking decisions 
obout your personol heolth core needs. Co" today for an immediote 
appointment . 

• FREE PREGNANCY TESTING 
I, with results w.hile you wait 

• GENERAL or LOCAL ANESTHESIA 
for unplanned pregnancy 

-

• AFFORDABLE BIRTH CONTROL 
• GYNECOLOGICAL EXAMS 

• fAMILY PLANNING ASSOCIATES 
MEDICAL GROUP 

San Diego 
(619) 287-8226 I " 

. 

!J~.a 52.50 ~"066 ~ EVERY MONDAY - 3PM TIL CLOSE I 
(Get there early for best seating) 

WE DELIVER PIZZA 
minimum $10.00 order 

PARIY TIME/EXAM TIME/ANY TIME 
CATCH MONDAY NIGHT I'OO1'BALI. AT )ENNY'S 

.---------------------------: UCSD SPECIAL : 
: PREE PITCHER OF BEER : 
: WIl1i lARGE PIZZA : 
I I 
L Offer not aood with any other discount. I 
-.~ % ---Coupon aood throulh 12/ 3 / 8+ - - - - - -)"",,~~ KIliCHEN 3945 Governor Dr .. Governor & ~\~\'" Genesee, Safeway ShopplllQ Center Chicago Style Italian Eatery ~ Minutes to UCSD Campus 

HOME COODD POOD AT PAST POOD PltlCES. 



6 Monday, Nov. 19, 1984 

~ The Duelist 
~; 

.. <~.-............ , .... :;:,;;. 

Raping literature at minimum wage 
By CHRISTOPHER CANOLE, Staff Writer 

"It's very simple , just hold the spine 
and back in your left hand and carefully 
tear the front cover, making sure to 
include the price code," With the 
dexterity of a butcher peeling the skin 
off a side of beef, the bookstore 
manager removed the cover from The 
Deerslayer, discarding the paper carcus 
into the trash. "At first you may be 
bothered by what you are doing, but 
once you get the hang of it, you'll be 
able to finish a thousand or so books 
before your shift is over." 

Picking up a Ray Bradbury novel, 1 
stared at the cover illustration of a man 
in armor made of paper being 
consumed by multicolored names. The 
paper tearing sounded like a rape 
victim's clothes being ripped away. Like 
a rapist who commits his crime against 
the exterior body with no concern for 
the person within , my bookstore dury 
for the day reminded me of the old 
cliche of a book and its cover. 

Having removed the skin , I stopped 
to read the opening before trashing the 
remains: 

"He knew the pleasure of the 
midnight runs , the fire trucks screaming 
through the dark, the clean smell of 
kerosene and the joy of watching the 
books consumed by flames. 

"And then, one night, he encountered 
an old lady who refused to leave her 
house when the fireman came to bum 
her books, And he met the girl Clarisse 
who knew something of the past , when 
there were no informers and people 
were not afraid . 

"And that was the beginning of 
Montag's doubt about himself and the 

society he lived in. From then on , 
Montag was an enemy of the 'normal ' 
world." 

My life never lacks for irony. 
Fahrenheit 451 was more than the first 
of thousands of books I was paid to 
destroy last week. In our "banned in 
Boston" past, and Bradbury's future , 
books were destroyed because the ideas 
they contained might take seed in 
youthful minds. But these books were 
being eliminated for not selling "quickly" 
enough. The bookstore received a 50% 
refund from the publisher, who also had 
no desire to store a slow selling book, 
since in 1980 a new tax law designated 
all books remaining in a publisher'S 
warehouse as taxable. Thus, only the 
covers are returned to the publisher as 
verification of price and quantity. 

Doris Lessing's Golden Notebook was 
my next victim. The black cover with 
gold lettering looked like a coffin . 1 
knew this victim. Lessing said that if 
you begin reading a book which does 
not touch your hean or mind, put it 
down, then pick it up in the future 
when your time is right. Will there be 
any books in the future of our quick-
turnover, disposable culture when we 
reach for them? 

Among the television and movie 
books to be tom, the lightening bolt on 
the cover of Paddy Cheyevsky's Networn 
reminded me of the battle cry in the 
movie Network , "I'm mad as hell, a nd I'm 
not going to take it!" Yet there 1 sat , 
passively continuing to destroy those I 
loved . Cheyevsky emphasized the 
passiviry in our television culture with 

ARE YOU TRYING 
TO DO IT ALL? 

Do you suffer from: 
TENSION 

ANXIETY 
DEPRESSION 

The 
S-UPERWO-MAN 

SYNDROME?? 
You need to read the celebrated book 

and meet the author 

MARJORIE SHAEVITZ 
ASK YOUR QUESTIONS, .. GET YOUR ANSWERS 

AT THE 
UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE 

on TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1984 
11:30am - 2:00pm 
U.C,S,D. 452-3844 

REFRESHMENTS! 

this commonly known statistic: On the 
average, Americans read only one book 
in the remainder of their lifetime after 
they graduate from high school or 
college. 

In our past people read more than a 
single book in their lifetime as a way to 
expand their mind . But now the most 
popular (and hence never returned) 
books are concerned with expanding 
[cookbooks! or redUcing [exercise 
books! your body. The public's 
obsession with appearance rather than 
intelligence has generated a desire for 
beauty books written by even the most 
minor starlets of daily soap operas. 

"I am not dead yet," 1 heard her say 
to me as I removed juliet's paper 
shroud . No favoritism was given to any 
book on our hit list, not even to 
Shakespeare, namesake of the bookstore 
where 1 worked. I realized the books 
that remained were not being spared 
because of any concern for quality. The 
manager noted that the situation was 
even more severe in college bookstores, 
where the space alIexted to books was 
being reduced to make way for clothing. 

The only destruction of books at 
Mithras happened one night when the 
john Birch Society Slatted a fire in the 
Marxist section, That physical fire was 
taken as an insult to the '60s and 70s 
intellectual community of San Diego, for 
Mithras ( the Persian god of light) was 
considered the literary and 
philosophical sanctuary from society's 
mediocriry. The irony continues, for 
Mithras was replaced by a Ferrari 
dealership in the year the federal 
government began taxing publishers' 
warehouse stock. 

My hand had taken over my mind's 
heSitancy. The books were at laSt 
moving quickly , from the shelves of the 
living to the boxes of the dead . Grey 
outlined prisoners on The Gulag 
Archipelago , jack Nicholson standing 
behind a chain-link fence on One Flew 
Over the CucRoo's Nest , an old English 
house on Emma, RN on the 
autobiography of Nixon, an atomic 
cloud on Nuclear Madness, Gulliver tied 
down by lilliputians, and then finally 
four simple numbers. 

This final book was not being 
purchased because, since january, 
people have sought out only utopian 
books that promised them they would 

Automatically, I reached for the next 
sacred cow to be butchered, Siddhartha 
by Hermann Hesse. The last lime I sold 
a copy of Siddhartha , 1 worked at 
Mithras Bookstore in La jolla. A 13 year 
old named Mary wanted to special order 
a hard-bound copy because she had 
worn out several paperback versions 
since she began reading Hesse five 
years earlier. In Mithras the books and 
people were allowed to stay as long as 
was needed. 

all become rich, famous and beautiful. I 
placed the five uncovered copies of 
1984 in the top of the box to be trashed 
at the end of my shift. Instead of 
carrying out the command, I mailed the 
books to a friend who is always 
searching, addressing the box to Terry 
McCully, from Guy Montag, 451 
Fahrenheit Road, La Jolla, CA 
19840. ~ 

. ---------------------------------~ 1 , 1", # . ~ ~: _ -_- QfTHE ~erUsed01\. L.tOIwP-1 . 1\ ' EYfFAI~ As ad9"'~ • ~ 1 "'I!:~". .v-I. • .... 
1 ~ "YOU WONT BEIIIEVE 

I 

YOIJREl'M~ 
Bausch. Lomb 8 x t 8 n d 8 d wear 

3O-day lenses 
$129 - SPECIAL REDUCED PRICE (with coupon) 1 

plus-FREE PAIR OF SUNGLASSES : 
from a special group I 

$119- With Student I.D, & Coupon : 
BAUSCH & LOMB EXT END E D WEAR : 
LENSES- FREE PAIR OF SUNGLASSES 1 

.~-_____ .. II 
-----___ one per studen.-

INITIAL VISIT- NO EXCEPTIONS- FIRST COME/FIRST SERVE : 
Offer expires November 30, 1984 : 

GIlT OXDFICATES AVAIlABLE 
GIVE DIE GUT OF GOOD VISION 

IIANGE DIE OOWB OF YOUR RYI~ 
COLOR CONTACTS AVAILABLE 

REG. S179 COMPLETE/SQ9 INITH PURCHASE OF 
N4Y EXlENDED WEAR PACKAGE 

Groasman OptometriC', Inc. 
Dr. Steven GroHman, 0.0. 

2A3 No. Hwy. 101, Solana Beach 
CALL 456-EYES or 

481-2211,481-2211,259-0229 
Hours: Monday-Frldav 8 am· 7 pm Saturday 1 0 am~ pm 

Closed Sunday G 

1 
I 
I 
1 
I 
1 

~----------------------------------

Cover story 

AS puts itself on the payroll 
By PHIL WlLLON, News Editor 

I N AN UNPRECEDENTED MOVE , the AS Council vexed to receive salaries for the remainder of the 84-85 term. 
The total cost of the decision will 
exceed $6,500. 

The Council felt the money would be 
fair compensation for the amount of 
work members put into their jobs, and 
that it would increase future interest and 
involvement in the AS. San Diego was 
the last UC campus to have a volunteer 
AS, 

"It's not a lot of money," said AS 
President Marc Boroditsky, who will 
receive more than $130 a month, "but 
it's enough to make a difference." 

All elected AS Council members will 
begin getting paid at the statt of winter 
quaner. The AS vice president will 
receive $55.71 every other week, and 
the commissioners will get $4".1". 
Three appOinted members, the Lobby 
Annex director, the financial controllor 
and the Student Body Presidents' 
Council representative, will also receive 
a salary of $ ...... .1 ... 

Members of the college councils wQl 
not receive any money because they 
were not elected by the general campus. 

The measure passed during last . 
Wednesday's Council meeting, with only 
five of 19 members in opposition . Some 
of those who voted against the idea of 
the AS receiving student money said the 
entire concept was highly questionable. 

"It felt like a conflict of interest-
unethical-and it's really bad PR," said 
Allan Colley, commissioner of student 
welfare. "It's arrogant as all hell to tell 
the student body that we are going to be 
paid without even asking them." 

But, according to Boroditsky, the 
money will anow those students who 
must work to stay in school the chance 
to participate in the AS, He also added 

that the vote on salaries was nex 
unethical: "Any public servant in society 
receives their income by voting on it by 
themselves ... 

The salaries will also be used as a way 
to guarantee that the elected 
councilmembers are fulfilling their 
responsibilities, according to Boroditsky. 
If a person is not doing the job, he or 
she will not receive any money. 

The funding fc:>r the program will 
come from, but is nex officially limited 
to, the income the AS receives frpm its 

,,4 ~ 

--
-+ 
" '''f1'1l~!# 

investments. More than 510,000 in 
interest is gained annually by the AS, 
and the sum will be totally committed to 
AS salaries, Boroditsky said. 

A special committee was created 
earlier this year to stUdy the feasibility 
of salaries and to field student input on 
the matter. The board, which consisted 
of the chairpersons of the Registration 
Fee Committee, the Student Center 
Board, the Student Affirmative Action 
Committee and the four college 
councils, recommended the 
implementation of the salary proposal 
under a strict evaluative procedure. 

All council members would have an 

oudined list of elected responsibilities, 
and the progress of their special 
projects would be monitored. Their jobs 
would be evaluated by a judicial board, 
and recommendations would be made 
for the "removal of members who are 
dearly not completing their duties," 
according to the Executive Committee 
on Salaries' recommendations. 

Actuany. those on the Council who do 
not complete or satisfy their job 
requirements would stay on the AS bu~ 
not receive their money. 

"They've given us 
the power of the 
purse .... I'm sure 
there will be a 
reaction. " 

-Marc Boroditsky on AS salaries 

There was little student input on the 
salary measure, despite ads in the 
Guardian soliciting it, with most of the 
student opinion coming from the 
separate college representatives . 

The Third College CouncIl has come 
out against the recommendations, 
expressing concern about the monetary 
limitations of the salaries. "It's 
something that needs to be looked at in 
a bit more detail," said jeff Howitson, 
chairperson of the Third College 
Council. 

"I was sure there would be a 
reaction," said Boroditsky. "We asked 

Scholarships for Law School 
Stud~nts receiving qualifying scores on 
the law School Admission Test (LS.A. T.) 
may be ~Iigibl~ for UP TO ON!: nAR'S 
fUll TUITION SfHOLARSHIP for the 

fir~t year of study in National University 
School of law's full-time day program or 
pdrt-time evening program. We offer an 
edr'y admission program for exceptional 
<.Ollege juniors under which the student 
can complete a Bachelor of Science in 
laws (B.S.L) while pursuing a degree in 
law, the Doclor 01 Jurisprudenc., (J.D.). 
Our law graduates qualify to ~ it for the 
(allfornia bar eXdmination. 

'hom., I . ·\h .. ,n , h . \1:S . IO . tt." .rd lntW"lh 
P,oh'"or tM ~I~I Unl\f'h'h '-04 houI of I d\o\. 

PrcH In In\{ ~ ~('I lor \4 \I' d" . dlld lornU'! P'I',idt'nl 01 
!hI.' \IM,- 1M, 01 'rv. \4( ' \t( o. 

Qui('tly Building tXCE'lIcnc(' . 

We are currently accepting applicdtion~ 
fOI our Januar;. Md) and August. 1985 
classes. The School of lil\< offers dn 
,,_cellent program. including a joint 
M.B.A.lJ.D. degree with small classl's. 
close personal attention, dn outstdnding 
Idcully and. by drawing upon the 
resources of one of California's large~t 
independent uni"ersities. a 10\\ tuition 
rale. 

for further informdtion. visit us at 3580 
Aero Lourt. San Diego. or call 563 ·7310. 

THREE YEAR 
FULL·TIME NATIONAL UNIVERSITY FOUR YEAR PART-TIME EVENING 

PROGRAM DAY rROGRAM School of Law 
\c III tll lI II h\ 1111 « 1>0111 11111'1 III llou I \ ,111 111"" HI !til' 't"" I\..II III ( rt"'Om fo l 

Monday, Nov. 19, 1984 7 

for srudent input-where is it?" He 
added that he thinks most students 
would understand why the AS should be 
paid, and that he only expects the "far 
left" to complain about the issue. 

The issue of paying AS officials is not 
a new one. A year and a half ago there 
was a student referendum that asked the 
student body if it felt salaries should be 
implemented. The result of the voting 
was: 165 Yes, 1,230 No, and 191 
Undecided. 

Last year's AS voted in favor of paying 
this year's Council, but when the new 
Council took over, it chose to rescind 
that decision. The reason for this, 
according to Boroditsky, was that it was 
a relatively sloppy piece of legislation 
which included no basis for 
implementing salaries. 

According to the Executive 
Committee on Salaries' repott, including 
salaries with the AS positions will allow 
those students who must work to be 
able to patticipate in the AS. 

"The general argument when it passed 
was that it opened up the AS to a large 
variety of students," said AS Vice 
President Mary Rose Alexander. "I 
personally feel it's fantastic . We have to 
have salaries to make this AS grow. It's 
built-in initiative." 

Students receiving financial aid will 
have their checks reduced an amount 
equal to that of their salaty. AS officials 
failed to mention this . Also, the amount 
of money earned by working in the AS 
can equal that of an outside job, 
Howitson said. 

Boroditsky admitted that he would 
have to continue working on the 
outSide, but added that his AS salary 
would "at least cover my food bill every 
month ." ~ 

PAEPI\AATION FOR: 

GMAT· LSAT. GRE 
SJn Diego Center 
2180Gamel 2D 

fttift: Bea::t1. CA 92109 
(619)27().6810 

ML M:tIlJIIy, Mnnishator 
CI.A$ES a.I C,4IM'l.S 

l~ 
tn ,..."..su.. ~H ~E~c.-\." 



8 Monday, Nov. 1 9, 1984 

Excavations of Biblical Jerusalem 

Students digging in the "Holy land 
T HIS PAST SUMMER, from July 1 to August 3, 13 students from UCSD participated in the seventh 
and final season of excavations of the City 
of David Archaeological Project in 
Jerusalem. The excavations have been 
conducted by the City of David Society for 
Archaeological Excavations, Preservation 
am! Restoration of the City ofDavid under 
the direction of Professor Yigal Shiloh , 
director of archaeology at Hebrew 
University in Jerusalem. 

Ten of the 13 students were awarded 
scholarships from the Judaic Studies 
Endowment through the Program in 
Judaic Studies at UCSD for participation 
in the dig. 

lectures participants were kept informed 
of progress in the different areas of the 
excavations and of different techniques 
used in identifying and dating pottery, 
surveying, etc. Field trips were made to 
the nearby Warren's Shaft, Hez~kia~'s 
Tunnel and Temple Mount Excavations . 

previous year to Silting through the soil 
lof the loci being excavated. Tons of soil 
and debris were removed from the site 

" 

in the relentless quest for bedrock. 
Professor Richard E. Friedman of 

UCSD gave weekly lectures as part of 
the field study clays. Lectures focused 

the Second Temple in 70 AD, it has 
been possible to reconstruct the life of 

' the city dwellers during that period and 
before . 

The debris accumulated from the time 
of the destruction of the City to modem 
times has yielded important information 
dating back to Persian, Roman and 
Byzantine periods. The area of the City 
of David will be preserved as an 
archaeological garden open to visitors. 

UCSD students who took this field 
study course were: Dove AkronowilZ, 
Kim Allen, Dorit Bader, Robb Bittner, 
James Cooper, Robert Grambo, Bill 
Middleton, Elise Nagler, Keith Niesen, 
Lucinda Rubio , Vincent Smith, Natalie 
Weiss and Scott Woodward. Professor 
David Jordan, chair of anthropology at 
UCSD, and Kristi Tollefson, CAESAR 
program coordinator, also came along 
for the joy of discovery. 

The City of David is located on the 
wes em slope of the Kidron Valley, 
adjacent to the Old City. Every morning 
the .students made their way through the 
labyrinth of narrow streets in the Old 
City accompanied by the timeless 
sounds of the muezzin calli ng !O prayer 
from the many minarets of the city. 

The rhythmiC munnur of prayers from 
the Western Wall could be heard as well 
as the distant tolling of church bells 
annouricing early Mass. Vendors in 
flOwing keffiyehs were seen prodding 
their heavy-laden donkeys on their way 
to the suq. 

Some UCSD stiAdcnts sptnt their summers in the City of David learning the basics of archaeology. 

A great summer of digging and the 
unique experience of living in Jerusalem 
was enjoyed by all. Tensions were high 
as the Israeli national elections took 
place on July 23. Many of the students 
got involved 'by attending political 
campaign rallies and discussing issues 
with both the Arabic and Jewish people 
of Jerusalem. 

The group also visited the RockeleUer 
and Israeli Museums, where important 
archaeological finds from the City of 
David and other sites in \.srael are kept. 

Work began promptly at 6:30 am and 
continued until 12:30, when lectures 
were given either by Professor Shiloh or 
a member of the staff. Through the 

Work at the excavation site varied 
according to the area in which students 
were assigned." lt ranged from clearing 
the entire site of organiC debris and fills 
Iwhich had accumulated since the 

,"I·IE 

I 
.. 

It was the most prestigious competition in brewing . . . the ultimate taste test. 

Eighty of the finest beers in the world 
were brought together. The best from 
Germany, Japan, England, Holland, 
the pride of America, Denmark and 
Australia ... all came to compete at the 
International Brewer's Expo ition in 
London. Only one could win. 

They did the tasting in ruby glasses, 
~ " wI>1y so that appearance ~ ~,,~"- \ ~~ and color could not 

I i' ." ~ . -; ' .. " affect the judgment_ It 
I ~ ' I " ,t 1 was truly a test of only 

the taste. 
. The international I 

---.,;-
. , (Iw ?~""J- competition lasted five 

days: Each day, the panel of judges tested, 

on how Biblical texts are supported by 
the many archaeological finds at the 
site. 

Important finds such as readable 
seals, scarabs, jewels, coins and other 
items have enabled archaeologists to 
trace the growth of Biblical Jerusalem. 
Because the site of the City of David 
was abandoned after the destruction of 

Panicipants at the excavations took 
the opportunity of free weekends to 
explore the Old City and to travel 
around Israel to Masada, Tiberias, Eilat, 
Tel Aviv and the Golan Heights. Il::I 

~:I2\.SIE'IESt . ~ , 
--- ~--

, 

I i 

considered ... and eliminated the beers that 
didn't meet their standards for consistency 

and superior flavor. 
On the final day ... after the final taste 

of the ultimate test ... they 
awarded the gold medal to 
Labatt's. Among the finest 
beers in all the world, they 
judged Labatt's finest of all. 
They chose Canada's' Beer. 
And now you can, too. 

,-

Monday, Nov. 19, 1984 9 

UC faculty: $59 million raise . 
University of California faculty 

salaries, which rwo years ago lagged far 
behind those of comparable institutions, 
should be given an 8.8% boost to 
maintain a competitive edge, according 
to a recommendation to be presented to 
the Board of Regents. 

The Regents, meeting in San 
Francisco November 15-16, will be 
asked to recommend the salaty increase 
from the state for 1985-86. 

In remarks prepared for the Regents' 
meeting, UC President David P. Gardner 
noted that faculty salaries only rwo years 
ago lagged 18.5% behind those at 
comparable schools. 

He said a sizable salary hike granted 
by the state for 1984-8S helped faculty 
salaries catch up. But, he noted, "The 
effects of a decade are not dispelled in 

one year. It is now vital to sustain this 
competitive margin and not to lose the 
long-tenn benefits achieved by this 
year's substantial gains." 

UC faculty salaries are regularly 
compared with those at eight other 
institutions, including Harvard, Yale and 
Stanford. 

But Gardner noted many of the 
comparison sc hools are located in less 
prosperous areas, and only one, 
Stanford , is located in costly California. 

He said home prices in this state are 
higher than elsewhere in the nation, 
and average home loan payments are 
still too high to permit many faculty 
members from becoming first-time 
homeowners. 

The proposed 8.8% increase 
represents a 7.3% jump the University 
believes is necessary to match 1985-86 

salaries at comparable schools , plus a 
1.5% "competitive margin ." If approved 
by the Regents, the proposal would then 
go to the state, whic.h will make the 
final recommendation to the Governor. 

The increase would cost the state 
about $59 million. The catch-up follows 
a decade marked by runaway inflation , 
high interest rates, rising home prices 
and low faculty morale because of 
indadequate salaries, Gardner noted. 

In 1983, the Regents made faculty 
salary improvements the University's 
highest budget priority. The state 
responded with a seven-percent 
increase in 1983-84. Last year, faculty 
received their highest general salary 
increase since 1979-80, a nine-percent 
increase as of July 1, with anO[her 3.8% 
due on January I, 1985. . G 

, ti4VV"'-~ 
Tti4~f\Sf7IVI~t3! 

Thursday, Nov. 22 
is Thanksgiving Day. 
Therefore, there will 
be no school and no 
Guardian. Both will 
resume their normal 
schedules on the 
follOwing Monday. 

Grads catering to hungry at UCSD 
By LAURIE VOLKIN, SltIJJ Writer 

Have you ever wondered how to fill 
the transitional period after graduating 
but before entering graduate school? 
Two recent graduates, Dan K1aut and 
Keith Niesen, have brainstormed the 
new "Food For Thought" service offered 
to the UCSD campus. This high-quality, 
fast-delivery service offers Round Table 
Pizza and Roberto's Mexican Food twice 
nightly, Sunday through Friday. 

The two creative and innovative ex-
students recognized a need for this type 
of service to be offflltd. ·Since both of 
us have been HA's and RA's," said Klaut, , 
"we were aware of students' needs and 
realized a lot of students on campus 
were without transponation." This 
encouraged their idea to cater to student 
needs by starting a new business for 

: .. ~~~ .....•....••.. 

COVE ~JoI" 
*QUALITY XEROX COPIES 

* TVPESETTINQ/GRAPHICS • 
*QUALITY OFFSET PRlNnNG : 
* FULL COlOR XEROX COPIES : 

• 
• 

• *SUSINESS CARDS 
*ENLAAGEMENTS 
*REDUCTIONS 
* ADDRESS LABELS 
* TRANSPARENCIES 
*NCRFORMS 

* COLLATING • 
* LAMINATING 
* BlNDING 
*FOLDtNG 
*cuniNG 

* ENVELOPES 
* PADDING 
*DRILLING . 

ONE STOP PRlNTINQ CENTER 
OPEN: rTlOn"fri 7.30 10 0:00 tal 9.00 10 5:00 

4S6-U44 
101 Pearl sa L • .JoI1. 

(~ 01 DIaper • "-«Irl) 
: 10% Student Discount with this ad 
• 
••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

themselves. 
Food For Thought just started this 

fall, and Klaut and Niesen supervise and 
do an the carrying out by themselves. 
After students place their nighdy orders, 
the price is tabulated, and the food is 
picked up and delivered to campus, 
where hired employees deliver the 
orders to specified rooms or apartments. 
The employees are necessary for the hO[ 
food to be qUickly delivered as soon as 
the orders arrive on campus. 

The idea is simple, putting into 
operation a workable , successful 
business. All the pre-planned ideas of 
delivery procedures, costs and profits 
were figured out durl~g the summer. 
This allowed Klaut and Niesen to 
determine how the operation would 

Ski Pants $20 

.. ....... 

Armv Pants $9.99 

Cheap Chic 
Fun Fashions,for 
Men It Women 

4614 Miuion Blvd. 
Pacific Beech 

274-CHIC 

work and to make it tum a profit. 
Klaut explains that their business "has 

proved to be a marketable idea. The 
idea is quite simple, but when put into 
practice it can have its hitches; for 
example, special items. take longer to 
son through, and dnvmg back at night 
can be a problem when we run into 
fog." 

Food For Thought has successfully 
served hundreds of UCSD students 
every week and has provided food for 
house panies. 

One Muir student commented, "The 
service is really good and the food is 

al~ys hot." A Third cpnege student 
commented on the "efficiency and 
cheap price of the delivered food : 
explaining that it has "really made a 

EMPLOYMENT 
OPPORTUNITY 

$5.00 per hour 
demonstrating and 
seiling toy gliders. 

Interviewing . 
Immediately. 
Call 569-0677 

for appointment 
Positions available 
from November 23 

until Christmas. 

difference since I have no transportation 
to get food off campus." Other students 
were equally satisfied and pleased with 
Food For Thought. 

K1aut and Niesen plan to expand 
Food For Thought by offering Burger , 
King dinner runs, continental breakfasts 
and faculty/ staff-catered deli lunches. 
Niesen hopes their service will expand 
to San Diego State and perhaps USD. 

They are working out ide.as for a 
quesadiUa contest offering a weekend in 
Palm Springs, and expanding their 
delivery hours during finals week. 

The success of their business is 
summed up well by Klaut: "We wanted 
to see if the idea worlks. Food For 
Thought has been successfully operating 
for seven weeks, the business works and 
it makes money." Il::I 

The home of the 
39¢ hatnburger. 

~ 
: M~lJo"l1lt1~m 

t i J:!l- &~. 
\\"'\ ' ~ --~ 

_--,,-d::"';-\\';\\\f,,1I1.1 \c..\ .. 

- \.I \ 'liT p. I 7140 Miramar Rd. San Diego 
..... ",. .. I!!!!!!!!-------------------.-.. __ ....JII ~r---A[LAMERicANMEAL -- ;;;~~ 
Itio!!:.. Quarter Poun~e~ ~ith Chees.e' Lal1\le Fry, lltio!! _ ~ II Medaum SIZe Soft Drmk l ."h ,.h· I 211,. I ,,'O' II 

II Limit on" co upon p~r J $ II 
Hours: 10-6 7 daY' II custom"r, p"r visit. Pbsc ust ,1.9911 

VIN/MC Accepted II pr"Sent coupon . when I ~ orJcrinM. Not valid with any (plu. tall) 'I ~~ IIII o ther offer . Only at: II -. 7140 Miramar Rd. II ~ SanDiecod ~-- ~~_iii~ 



10 Mmldav, No\' 19, 198i 

Ln~~~(=-,) ) . , 

o 0 (~( :==::I: ~~; ( ~) ) I I~ J 
• 1IiIII .... 

ATIENTION ATIENTION 

STUDENTS 
STAFF &: FACULTY 

The administration is planning to RAISE your parking fees Winter Quarter. This means that even if you 
already have a parking sticker, you will be required to pay MORE to keep using it, and waiting in more long 
lines! 

The Associated Students encourage you to atend a meeting with representatives 1ron1 parking administration. 

We need some creativity 
Immediate openings for energetic and creative persons to 

perfonn miracles for new AS fund raising project. If you've 
walked on water, are faster than a speeding bullet and able to 
leap tall buildings in a single bound or want to fight for peace, 
justice and the American way, please contact Mark Winitz or 
Melanie Singer in the AS office at 452-4450 or come in to set 
up an interview. 

Work in Europe this Summer 
Jobs available in Gennany, Switzerland, France and 

Belgium. Come to the International Cooperative Education 
(ICE) program orientation meeting for details. Tuesday, Nov. 
20 at 3 pm at the International Center. 

* VOICE YOUR OBJECTION * 
Tuesday, 4 pm in HL Auditorium 

For more information call the ASUCSD at 452-4450 

Woody Allen this week 
cwo presents Woody Allen inThe Front this Friday at 7 

pm in TLH 107. This is his first serious dramatic role, ad you 
can see it for free. 

Note: Meeting has been changed 
The UJS meeting has been changed from Monday to Tuesday, 

November 27 at the Revelle Informal Lounge. The topic is 
"Programming for Winter Quarter." 

Did you win at the Ski Team drawing? 
Find out at the Rec. Office at Canyon View. Mon-Wed. 

Nov 19-21 , between 9-3 pm, Pick up your prize or you lose! 

Hurry time is running out! 
Just 10 days left for your chance to win a $200 gift 

certificate from UC Bookstore. Pick up your ticket at the Box 
Office, from Nov. 19 thru Nov. 29,only $1. Drawing to be held 
at noon on Revelle Plaza on Nov. 30. Sponsored by Campus 
Legal Advocate Society (Cl.AS) , 

This is your last chance! 
The ASUCSD Lecture Notes subSCriptions will be sold until 

WEDNESDAY, Nov. 21 at 3 pm, This is a change due to the 
Thanksgiving holiday. SubSCriptions available for Anthro 22. 
Bio 1, 101,131, Chern 4 & 6C, Comm 20 & SFlOO, History 
2A and Psych 2 ($10 each), 

Come to a coffee hour 
The Women's Resource Center presents the second in its 

series of Coffee Hours this Tuesday, November 20 at 4 pm, 
Please stop by the center for refreshments and a chat with 
Mary Corrigan, an associate professor in the drama 
department. All women and men are welcome. 

Spend Summer '85 in Washington! 
Get great work experience while traveling and seeing the 

U.S. at the same time . Come to ASIO's National Internship 
Info Night, Tuesday, Nov. 20 at 7 pm in USB 4030A. For more 
information, caU 452-4689. 



12 Monday, Nov. 19, 1984 

Talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk 
By JENNIFER MENCHER 

D o YOU FIND YOURSELF or a loved one speaking tOO much, blurting out embarrassing 
one-tiners, raiSing your voice above 
acceptable levels in restaurants. movie 
theaters , churches and the like, and 
then embarrassedly refUSing to speak for 
hours after-in fact vowing you will 
never say anything srupid again , only to 
find yourself all too soon the victim of 
yet another vocal embarrassment? 
Statistics reveal that one in every 12 
people has or has had a speaking 
disorder. The victims of speaking 
disorders are not silent victims, but all 
too often their attacks go unrecognized 
as the symptoms of a disease. 

Speaking disorders. the painful 
byproducts of the tensions of modern-
day life, are diseases that, with proper 
treatment. can be cured. As a case In 
point to those who might otherwise 
scoff at the prevalence of such a disease 
and the serious suffering it causes its 
victims, read the following testimony 
written by a UCSD student who has 
requested anonymity: 

Hi . I have much In common with the 
other students o n this campus, yet I 
have a problem which setS me apart. I'm 
always amazed at behavior of mine, 
which at the time seems cleverly 
sarcastic, but which hindSight proves 
clearly obnoxious. As is plainly obvious 
to all innocent bystanders, I suffer from 
a genetic speaking disorder; in other 
words, I have a big mouth. 

When I'm nervous my mouth gets 
hyper to the point where people who 
don 't know me think I'm on drugs. To 
me. a hundred words are always better 
than one and thiS is destroying any 
chances of social success. As proof, 
here's a typical example of my daily 
social suicide: A TA I've been agonIzing 
over for more than a year, who's been 
happily "imng with aU my fnends, 
finally asks me out and I decide to be 
cool, suave, novel and sarcastic' the 
coquette. 

"By the way, do you want to go to the 
movies With me next Thursday?" 

(lcan 't belIeve It! He's finally asked me 
out! But here's my response- ) "What? 
I'm sure! God , c 'mon' Go to the movies 
with you? Give me a break!" ThiS IS 
effectively sneered with a conVinCing 
roll of the eyes and a toss of the head-
at the time I'm sure this increases my 
allure. 

"Well , OK, then, never mind ." He 
regards me with a Mona Lisa type sm tle . 

"Whoa ' Walt a minute! God , I was JUSt 
kidding'" 

"That's alright, never mind." 
"Don't be so sensitive . Of course I 

want to go to the movies with you. You 
did ask me, didn't you?" 

"Yes, but don't worry about It How 
are your classes going thiS quanel ]" 

"Wait- , wait! Really! I'd be honored 
to go with you! JUSt give me a second 
chance , OK? Everyone deserves a 
second chance." 

(S ilence.) 
"To ERR IS HUMAN ... to FORGIVE 

DlVI E- I think you're divine .... You 
know, this isn 't fair. You're supposed to 
set up the rules before you play the 
game. You should have told me before: 
'Thete 's a right answer to thiS and a 
wrong answer, so watch out- you could 
blow Il. " 

.. t'S jUJ( forget it, OK? It was no big 
deal. I have a lot of work I have to do 

an~." 
"Look , haven 't you ever been In a 

weird mood and JUSt aid the wrong 
thing? This whole month has been bad 

lor me- nothing's gone right. It must 
be my horoscope or something 

othing's gone hke It usually does: I 
locked my keys In my car and had to 
pay twenty fIve dollars to get them out. 
and I gO! a parking ticket because my 
sucker was In my wallet , It's been a bad 
month . ThIS IS yoU! fault. You timed it 
wrong. If yo u'd asked me before or alter, 
things would have been fine . but no, you 
had to ask me /IOW." 

"OK , OK, maybe we'll do something 
next yea r when things are going better 
for you ." 

"Oh, you never really wanted to go to 
the movies with me In the first place! I'll 
bet )'OU were playing truth or dare or 
something and someone made you ask 
me and now you're JUSt gloaung that I 
saId no'" 

(S ilence.) 
"You know, a heart IS a fragile thing." 
(Silence .) 
"But maybe you don 't know about 

things like hearts ." 
"You're Just making a big deal ou t of 

nothIng. We'll do something sometime. 
Really, we Will. Look , I have to go now. 
I'm meetIng Lisa at 2:30:' 

"OK , OK, never mll1d. I c<ln be 
mature abo Ul thiS. I can talk to you In a 
normal vOice . We can change the 
subject It could have been heauuf ul. but, 

hey, no big deal I guess, I mean why 
give someone a second chance? No, but 
seriously, OK? I mean you asked me, 
right? I mean, why can't we just do it? 
Oh, hey, I get It, I'm nO! well-bred 
enough for you. I don't say the nght 
things, you don't think I have enough 
class for you. Well , excuse me, Mr. Well -
Bred!" 

"I have got to go." 
"No, wait! Wait! I wanted to teU you 

somethIng about my Keats class first. " 
"No, I have to go." 
"Oh, OK. Well , I'm a feminist! Would 

you ltke to go to the movies with me?" 
"Oh , yeah, sure , definitely. Call me 

next week and we'll set something up ." 
(He hurries ofr.) 

You can see my problem IS a real one, 
"nd , although tempted , I think I need 
say no more . 

-Anonymous 
Obviously the painful SOCial 

consequences upon those afflicted with 
speaking disorders (a nd upon those 
forced to inter"ct With victims of the 
disease) cannot be overstated. The 
problem IS real. (How would you feel to 
fi nd yourself or you r younger sister a 
victim of this dread disease?) Speakll1g 
disorders have been linked with 
Impotence and fngidlty. Clinics are 
~ pnngll1g up slowly, but there IS sull 

I 
.:/ 

~ 
" ~ 
£ 
11 
~~------~~~~~~~ 

much research to be done to link 
specific symptoms WIth causes and 
treatments. What a horror to think that 
your own moth er might pOSSibly fall 
prey to a speaking disorder and face a 
bleak future of aging loneliness. As 
Ame ricans we cannot allow such a 
plague to ruin our golden land of 
opportunity! We must overcome 
speaking disorders before they 
overcome us' 

By now you are surely asking yourse lf, 
what can I do? What can I do to help 
wipe out thiS curse upon mankind 
which I see mangling the potential of 
universal happiness? You r answer is to 
give. and give generously. 

What better cause could you find 
than thiS one that truly affects the 
quality of all our lives? Wh,l( benefit 
from landing on the mOO n if we are 
infected and distracted by speaking 
di sorders? What possible good from a 
cure to cancer if we must face a world 
of babbling Idiocy? Members of SASD 
(Students Against Speaking Disorders) 
will be available to 'answer questions on 
Revelle Plaza next Wednesday. They are 
all former victims of the disease and can 
counsel those of you who are hurting 
from the problem. Approach them; they 
understand . And give generousl)1 for a 
hetter tomorrow. ~ 

Morulay, Nov. 19, 198. 13 

Absolutely no one IIUEKH allowed 
By PHIL LAUDER 

SATURDAY WAS A DAY to mark on listening to "over age" friends. stools, check out where the process of noise of the intoxicated and loquacious the calendar for many UCSD 1 have seen people before and shonly inebriation can most readily commence, throng would , at a slightly higher pitch , students. The Rodeo nightclub, after going to the Rodeo on a Thursday and take appropriate measures. Let's fill crack most fine crystal. At least this is 
located one block from UCSD and night, and, after comparing their ability in the scene. There are lOts of people what I'm guessing. 
famous for its Thursday-night, 25-cent- to speak intelligibly before and after, 1 (the Rodeo wasn't called that for And there are lots of people-
beer specials , closed its doors forever, have keenly deduced that the primary nothing). There are lots of people , and especially when 25-cent beer is the lure. 
soon to be replaced by the Elephant Bar reason for going into these places is there is a dance "oor, and there are lots Lots of bodies in various stages of dress 
and Restaurant. The change has left getting smashed beyond belief. There of peofle, and there are lines for all pushed together-very hot, very 
many students wondering-wondering are other purposes, of course. I have alcoho , and there are lots of people, humid , a barrage of different aromas 
what the hell kind of name "Elephant heard the Rodeo described as a "meat and there are lines for getting into (and pervading the air, from mild perfume 
Bar and Restaurant" is-but regardless, market: so scamming on the opposite out of?) the restrooms, and there are and cologne to trumpet-blaring, smell-it-
it is done. And many are sad. sex must be a close second on the list generally lots of people . There are in-the-next-county perfume and cologne 

But the news doesn't come as toO of priorities. 1 suppose the former whirling lights out on the dance floor, mixed with the fine scents of alcohol 
much of a shock to the rest of us- and , well, sweat. I'm getting light-headed 
those of us who are "under age." It is just listening to this. 
fair to say that the majority of this Lots of bodies in various stages of dress-very So, we've covered the ligh ting and the 
school's population is under age, i.e., ,( din; sound and the smell and the overall 
under the age of 21 , the magical hot, very humid, a barrage OJ !iJerent aromas atmosphere of the place-how about the 
drinking age. Being 20 myself, 1 rather pervadt'ng the at'r, foam mt'ld perfiume and cologne to people who go in there? (Yes, there are 
resent the term "under age"-it sounds lots of them.) I'm guessing that most 
like I'm not potty trained or something. trumpet-blaring, smell-it-in-the-next-county pe~ 'me come in groups of the same sex, ready 
1 thought I "came of age" when I turned 'J L4 to have the proverbial "night on the 
16 and got my driver's license. Then I and cologne mixed with the fine scents o( alcohol town." Some come with a date, some 
thought I came of age when I turned 18 'J come LO meet a date , some come with 
and was able LO vote and to go into the and, well, sweat. no one expecting no one and hoping to 
army and get shot. Now I'm told that 111 meet someone-anyone. They're all 
come of age when I get the privilege of ready ro have fun . Lots of fun . 
going into places like the Rodeo and purpose lends itself quite nicely to the but the lighting elsewhere is probably Does that cover it? I don't know. Like 
seeing what they're all about. Later I'll be latter, since being totally ignorant of the dim, with candles at the booths-there I said , I've never been in one of these 
told that I'll come of age when I tum 25 kind of fool you're making of yourself are booths, aren't there?-and a few places. My description is probably 
and am eligible LO run for Congress, or helps make scamming an the more areas that are absolutely pitch black. typical of that of most "under-agers." 
maybe when I tum 35 and am eligible possible. At least this is what I gather- Lord knows what occurs in those areas. Some of us just can't wait to hit the 
to run for President. Or maybe when I correct me if I'm wrong. I don't. I can imagine. So can you. Let's magic age. Personally, especially after 
tum 100 and am eligible LO die . I don't Other reasons for going to nightclubs go on. reviewing the description I've just 
know. include the desire to rub with sweaty It's loud. At times incredibly loud. It detailed , I'm not all that sure I'll be 

Anyway, being under age (and lacking bodies or listen to loud music. must be. Cramming aU the noise of a rushing in as soon as I ring up number 
a fake 10), I have never been into the Undoubtedly, many others go just so full-scale rock concert into a volume 2l. 
Rodeo or any other nightclub, and, they can say they have gone . It is the somewhere between a founh and a But then , I don't understand 
frankly. I'm nOt sure I really understand thing to do. tenth of that of the San Diego Spons nightclubs too well. And I didn't mark 
what goes on in these places. All I have So, all right, people walk in the doors, Arena will account for that real fast. the closing of the Rodeo on my 
is vague idea, gained mosdr. from check out who all's sitting on the bar Even when the bands take a break, the calendar. . ~ 
------------------------------------------------------.. ---------------_. 

To Fiction Writers: 
The last two issues of Perspectives will feature 
UCSD student short stories. That's your cue. 

Submit stories to 
Christopher Canale, Perspectives Editor, 

at the Guardian offices 
(southeast 0 Revelle, next to the Che C 

- __ ---~ __ I 

El,1AS 
HAIR 

Casual. 
Comfortable. g06t~v~ 
D·~II". Californian. 

""' .... ~ a.- 1M _." (rtg. '111) 
,.....,.,. ",Ie a.- 1M __ ". (rtg. SUJ 

DlredI .. ,.., ,.,.. us (rtg. $f()J Sc.",.,. ,..,,. (,.11 MtJ ". (rtg. U6) 
..... 'all'C.,.._ 'U(,.,. '18) eeI."...,u (rtg. ,2jJ 

0.. ..., f/IdIII- 1M (,.,. US) 
OM ..., ...... _ ,n (,.,. mJ 

SprrMHIt. '" bUc/c IIIlr 
A,." ImIIce .MIon 

760lIl UIIfII .... 4d (1feM c.,. Dr. W 16JJ JlI .5 
,.,.. ...... ({DnMtIf y JDlII CIIltlIIf Co.) 7J7 ,.." ",",y...." 

.~II70 .~IIIJ 
s,ecua fIIOd wiIII., .. tIt __ tell .. ".,.,..,. IlillH 

-----..1 

~trj~~~l~ INCLUDf5: . , Contact lenses, examInation, patient training, follow up, ~ chemical care kit w,th '15tud~en~1. o . and fitting. ~UNOfDWfM lfN5f5ONlY $265,00 
THE ClASSICAL fYE 
RoseRT HelleR. 0.0. 

la Jolla ViUage Square 
452-7574 

fa5hion ~ Center 
295-0557 

lOUIS M. TA"TAGlIA.O.O. 
Univer5ity Towne Centre 

457-4791 



14 Monday, Nov. 19, 1984 

Services/Workshops 
MONMY 
11 ... 1100 pili - G'iCtI_ Student 
Grou~ lhls group for UCSD graduat~ 
students focuses on ~sonal conc~rns, 

r~lationships and lif~ goals. ~ by John 
Andrews and lour~ Per~z, Psychological 
and Counseling ~ces. In lOCH HL Call 
452-3755 to sign up. 
n_DAY 
""10100 ... - Graduate Women in 
Humanities Group-This is a weekly support 
group for graduate women students in the 
Humanities conc~rned with p~rsonal, 
professional and academic issues. Miriam 
losupovici and Sandra Wilder-Padilla, 
~aders. Meets at 1003 H-L Call 452-3755 to 
sign up. ~ed by Psychological and 
Counseling Servi~s. 
12100 pili - ~ one who is int~lIi~t is 
th~ one INho is informed. Co~ to the birht 
control information sessions ~ach Tuesday 
trom 12:00 to 1:00. Th~ ar~ conti~tial, 
educational, and covered by )OUr tuition. 
LPstairs at the Student ~alth Cm~r. 
2100-... pili - Gay/Bi~xual Men's 
Group - lhis is an on'9Qing conti~tial 
support group for u~rgraduat~ mm 
questioning their ~xuality, as ~I as thos~ 
IM10 identify as gay/bisexual. Meets weekly 
throughout the year. Led by St~ Bracly. 

fv1e~ at 1003 H-L S[U~ts can call 452-
3755 t>r mor~ info, or t~ can just co~ to 
the group. 
'100 pM - Work In Eur~ This SUrnrnerl 
Jobs available in Germany, Switzerland, 

Franc~ and ~Igium . Com~ to the 
Int~mational C~rative Education lICE) 
program ~ng for details. In the UCSD 
International Center. 
w.DNISDAY 
12100 pili - Going ho~ for Thanksgiving 
to s~ }'OUr ~heart7 Be preparedl Learn 
about }'OUr s~xual health and the student 

h~alth s~rvic~s at th~ birth control 
information s~ssions each and t!V~ry 
Wednesday from noon to one. 4lstairs at the 

Stu~t ~alth Cffiter. 
12'-2100 pili - Recovering trom Eating 
Disorders I - IRED II - This is a group for 
IIIoOmerl with eating disor~rs. Partidpants 
rl'lOIIe toward r~CNery through a program of 
gradual stages. Students who are obsessed 
with ~ght control, who may alternat~1y 
binge, fast or \/Omit will find a common 

Religious Functions 
MONDAY 
SIOO pIII-Catholic Mass. Sponsored by the 
Catholic Community at UCSD. In the 
Lhiversity Lutheran Church, ~ Jolla Shores 
and N. Torr~ Pines Rd. 
711O-tIOO ..... - Asian American Christian 
Fellowship IMCFI- Tonight, our speaker 
Allen Lee is going to teach us the 
irTllOrtancr of a daily quiet ti~ with the 
lord. ~ /001( forward to ~ng}'OU here. At 
the North Conferffic~ Room of the Student 
Cffiter 
lUUDAY 
5100 pIII-Catholic Mass. Sponsored by the 
Catholic Community at UCSD. In the 
Lhiversity Lutheran Church, ~ Jolla Shores 
and N. Torr~ Pines Rd. 
IlOO pili - Lutheran Inqui r~rs Seminar: 
"~ IIdII'erlture of Chrlsitlan Dlsdpleship," 
led by Pastor .John Huber. In the lounge of 
the Lhl\lerslty Lutheran Church. 
_DNDMY 
6100 pili - ~ Lutherans host a studffit 
supper and Bit* study. In the lounge of 
lillYersity Lutheran Church, just west of 
!My Hall. 
7110 pIII- For Christians, a series of ~Iy 
~mlnars "Answering Ouestlons about 
Christianity." In the North C~rmc~ of the 
Student Cmter bldg B. 

ground of support and caring in this group. 
foalS wili be on eliminating the addictive 
beh.Mor whil~ also working to understand 
the relationship of feelings in this painful 

cyc~. Led by Miriam Iosupovid and Undsey 
Stroben, Ps)'Cho/ogical Services. ~ts at 
1003 HL Cali Miriam or Unds~ at 452-3755 
to ~k about ~ group and s~ if its Ibr 
)«I. 
ZIOO-•• IO pili - Gay/Bis~xual Graduat~ 
SWdent SUpport Group-If }'OU ar~ a 
graduat~ student, )QJ probably live and 
work with a tightly knit group of fellow 

graduat~ students. ~ are Oftffi your only 
~ans of mlOtional support. ~ ar~ also 
th~ ~pl~ INho will be )«Ir pro~1 
colleagues t>r the rest of )OUr car~r. 

1f}'OU are gay or bi~xual, this environment 
may ~ especially alienating. A group of 
gay and bisexual, graduate mm and women 
students is forming at UCSO to give each 
other emotional and academic support. W~ 
will ~ sharing feelings about ~xual 

pr~ferffices, our personal lives and our 
professional car~rs. ~ invit~ any in~rested 
students to join us. We meet weekly at Hl 
1003. For more info call St~ Bracly at 452-
3755 or \Xi1lma B~ at 452-3585. Offered 
by Psychological and Counseling ~ces. 
THURSDAY 
1 .. 2110 pm - General Group Therapy 
- This on'9Qing group is to all UCSD 

1'HURSDAY 
10100 ... - ThanksgMng Day Candlelight 
Mass. Sponsored by ~ catholiC Corrmunity 
at UCSD. In t~ ct1apel of the Lhiversity 
Lutheran Church. 
7100 pili - Study Br~ak-C~ join us for 
an eXC it ing t l m~ of fellowship , 
entertainment, singing and insight into a 

~onal r~lationship with Jesus Christ. 
Sponsored by the campus Crusade for Christ. 
In the North Conferffice Room IBy EDNAJ. 

studmts, graduat~ or u~rgraduate . Th~ 
focus will be on both personal and 

int~rp~1 conc~ms. Offered by Steve 
Bracly and Connie Brunig. ~ ilt Hll003. 
Cali 452-3755 to Sign up. 
2110 .100 ,.. - Drop-In Gay/B~xual 
fv1en 's Discussion Group. This is a weekly 
drop-in ~ discussion group for mal~ 
studmts IM'1o i~ntify as ~ing gay or 

bis~xual, as well as tho~ who ar~ exploring 
their ~xuality. A gr~at opportunity to talk 
with other students sharing similar concems. 

~ members can join at any time. Offered 
by Psychological and Counseling Services. 

~ at 1003 H-L If studerlts have questions 
~ can cali Carlos at 452-4297; o~rwi~, 
~ can just arrive for the group. 
• .0.'100 pm - ~adache Treatment 
G'oup-lhis is a group for students who ar~ 
chronic headache suffer~rs. Participants will 

~arn str~ reduction techniques, as ~I as 
other headach~ tr~atmmt procedures. 
OfWed by Penny McC~IIan, Psydlological 
and Counseling Services. If }'OU'r~ interested 
but can't mak~ w time, call Pen~ and I~~ 
~ur name and schedu~ of available times. 

g,~ can be . 452-3755 or 452-

IUM)AY 
.. 9111 a 11100 8M - Episcopal Church 
Worship Servi~: SUnday Eucharist and Parish 
fellowship. In the Good Samaritan Episcopal 
Churct1, at 4321 Eastga~ Mall, across 

~ from ~ ~ast end of campus, north 
of ~ Jolla V111age Dr. At the intersection of 

Eastgat~ Mall and Genesee. 
.110 ... - CathoHc Mass. Sponsored by the 
Catholic Communi1y at UCSO. In the 
l.tliYersity I...utheran Church. 

3035. Meas at St~nt ~alth ~~, In the 
Conferma Room. 
..... 100 pM - Campus Black Forum -
This is a weekly Informal discussion group on 
th~ issues, concerns, and the quality of life of 
th~ Black community at UCSD. This is an 
ongoing group and students can join at a~ 

ti~. Call leader Phil Raphael at 452-3035 If 
}OU have any questions; otherwis~, studffits 
can just tum up at the !1oup. It meets in Mt. 

V1~ Lounge at Third College. Of'fered by 
Psychological and Counseling ~ces. 
PlllDAY 
lrOO-4dO pm - Almhol and SUbstance 
Abu~ - For students who want ~ in 
~aling with an alcohol or drug u~ problem. 
Emphasis will be on understanding the 
COI11>Iexlty of the problem. identifying 
options, making iI commitment to change, 
and fOllowing through. Homework 
assignments and group norms will ~ 
estabilshed as part of the group's and 
individual's program. Belbre Joining the 
group, interested studer1ts ar~ asked to call 
8ecca at 452-3755 to mak~ a short 
appointment with ~ of our couns~lors to 

~ if the group will meet their needs. Led by 
Dan Munoz, Psychological and Counseling 
Services. fv1e~ at ~ ~Ie PrOliOSt'S 
Office. 

10100 8M - Lutheran Worship Service: 
"Q.lr Anal Voyage," based on Acts 21-28. In 
the Ch~ of the liliversity Lutheran 
Churct1, across from RrveI~ College. 
1100 pili - Catholic Mass. Sponsored by the 
catholic Community at UCSD. In the 
lillvmity Lutheran Church. 
•• 15 pili - Folk Mass. In the Good 
Smamrltan Episcopal Church at 4321 
Eastoat~ Mall. 

. 

Organizational 
MONDAY-'IIIDAY 

- EMSSA Membership W~. Come by 
EMSSA's offi~ this ~ to join and to drop 
off tests for EMSSA's ~ test lile. In Ga~ 
Itlom #4 In the Studer1t Cmtel'. 452-4726. 
MONDAY 
6100 pili - ~cycling Coop fv1e~ting and 
dinner. C~joln us withnevvl~aslHelpus 

mak~ a recycling 1TlOIIi~1 At the CtIt! Caf~ . 
6100 pili - Cycling T~am ~ting for all 
t~am m~mbers and prospective t~am 
members, in the Ret. Conferm~ Room. 
lUUDAY 
7100 pm - Surf Club fv1eedng/Studybreak . 
Rdreshments and sli~ show featuring one 
of UCSO's finest Mike GIt!Vy, with a fearful 
backside attack upon San Migu~I. Don't miss 
itl In USB 3010. 

Academic Services 
MONDAY-PlllDAY 
..... 100 pili - SlGI. System of interactive 
gui~ and information is a computer-
based program of car~r information 
designed to help }'OU clarify )OUr values and 
ocrupatlonal Interests. For mor~ information, 
COIT1e to Ca~r Services Cm~r. IN HL room 
1058. lhis week only, Monday-\XIednesday, 
..... 100 pm - OASIS \Xhitlng emter 
offers free ~rvia for all UCSD students who 
need pre-writi'lg help, conferences on drafts, 
and editing adIIice. W~ engage any kind of 
writing probl~m. Confermc~s are by 
appointrnent only. Evening appointments are 
now also available In Q\SIS Third Place at 
Third College. (For the full range of services 
~ back of Fall Schedulel cau 452-2284 or 

CXl~ by USB 4010 to make an appointment. 
This service is availab~ throughout the 
quarter. In USB 4010. 
1110-4100 pili - Looking to grt more tr~ 
ti~1 Leam more71"1>roYe)«lr GPA1 ~ 
call the OASIS ~ading and Study Skills 
Cer1ter and perfect)«lr learning style. Mak~ 
an appointrnffit and bring )QJr boOks. 
assignments and notes to w Q\SIS ~ading 
and Study Ski"s Cmter for a personal strategy 

~ssion on hoW to taCkle }'OUr work in the 
most effIdent and successful w~, .Just say 
you want a PAl lpersonal assistance rer 

~aming conferenal. In USB 4010. 
•• 10-4100 pM - Finals Prep PAL 
Conferen~s-[):) )OU feel confident about 
}OUr finals 7 [):) }'OU know what to SbJdy and 
row to ~am for total recall 7 Can }'OU write a 
suong answer to essay questions 7 [):) }'OU 
know how to scor~ high on rooltip~ choice 
and tru~ or fal~ questions 1 [):) )QJ budget 
~ur test ti~71f}'OU answered "Nl" to any 
of these questions, schedule a PAL 
conference and I~am how to do)QJr beSt on 

~xams . Sponsored by ~ OASIS ~adlng and 
Study Skills Cm~r. In USB 4010. 
.... 100 pili - GRAMMAR MOSES 
HOTUNE - A hotline phone-in ~ce for 
help with diction, grammar and punctuation 
problems. To reach Grammar Moses, call 
452-2284 be~n the rours of 9:00-4:00 
Monday through Friday. Sponsored by OASIS 
Writing Cmt~r. Service available throughout 
the quarter. 
1 .... 100 pili - Drop-In Hours. For 
questions pertaining to career planning, job 
hunting, r~sume' critiquing, ~tc. 
~pointments may also ~ scheduled In the 
momlng by calling ca~ Services C~nter at 
452-3750. 
MONDAY 

- G'aduat~ School/~w/MBI'. Advising. 
Planning on a graduate, law or MBA. degr~ 
program after UCSD7 ~/p with admissions 
and application qu~stions today by 
appointment only. Call Career Services 

Cmter at 452-4939 for more ~talled 
information. In the Student emter Bldg. A 
1-0.'110 pili - Interested In ~ Health 
Prof~sslons7 Advising appointm~nts 
available for ca~r planning and pre-
professional school preparation. Call Career 
Services Cmter at 452-4939 in advana! for 
an appointment. but no earlier than one 
week. In the Student Cffiter Bldg. A 
1 .... '.10 ..... - Mock Int~rvi~-Seeng 
and hearing }'OUrself on videotap~ can help 
put ~ finishing toudles on int~rviewing 
skills. Pr~requisite : Interviewing Skills 
Workshop. Cali Car~r Services Cmter at 
452-3750 to make an appointrnffit. In Hl 
1058. 
1100 pili - "Marketabl~ ResuITll!." Learn 
how to write an ef'h!ctive resutm! . Start the 
process her~ thm have )«Ir resumt' 
critiqued by a Car~r Services Cmter Advisor. 
A roost for on-campus interviewing. In the 

~I~ formal Lounge. 
4 .. 7100 ..... - GRE Prep Course-This 
prep COU~ for the Graduate Record Exam 
provides a CO"1>let~ practice exam for the 
aptitude test, as ~I as strategies for scoring 
well on w verbal. analytical reasoning, and 
math sMions. Information about applying to 
and ~ng accepted by graduat~ schools, 
plus stress reduction tedYliques will also be 
presmted. Sponsored by the Q\SIS Cmter 
and c.ar~r Planning and Placement. In HSS 
Room 1128. 
'RIUDAY 

- G'aduate School/~w /MBI'. Advising. 
Plaming on a graduat~, law or MBI'. ~~ 
program after UCS07 ~Ip with admissions 
and application qu~stlons today by 
appointment only. Call Car~r Services 
Cmter at 452-4939 for mor~ ~tailed 
information. In the Student C~nt~r Bldg. A. 
.... 10100 ... - ~ OASIS Grammar and 
Mechanics Workshop is designed for 
students INho would lik~ to 'NO/'k on 
clarifying basic grammatical concepts and 

categori~s, and applying ~ In an 
~xt~nsive systmlatic series of practical 

~xer~rclses. This practlc~ is valuabl~ for any 
students who have problems writing the 
complex English smtffices ~manded in 
academic writing. /V1 ~lCercise manual to be 

" 

purchased by the student will ~ ~. All 
work will be co"1>'eted in the context of the 
workshop. In USB 402GA.. 
IOIOO-IZIOO pili - n~ Management-
[):) }'OU have time to study, get good grades, 
~xerd~, and sodaljz~ 7 ~ wiIj we u~ ti~ 
determines how much ~ achit!Ve and how 
satisfying our days are. If }'OU'r~ not getting 
enough out of }'OUr days, this I/\IOrkshop will 
show you how to take control of }'OUr life, 
plan succ~ful study sessions, include sodal 
and relaxation ti~, and grt through the 
quarter without the cramming frenzy! 
Sponsored by the OASIS ~ading and Study 
Skills Cen~r. In Third College Humanities 
Building Conference room 141. 
12.0.1100 pili - The OASIS Frmch 
\l"orkshop is designed mainly t>r students 
IM'1o ar~ writing papers or o~r class 
assignments In French. Students not working 
on specific papers, but INho would like to 

~rfect their writing ability in Frffict1, ar~ also 
welCOlT1e. The \XAJrkshop will offer a uniqu~ 
opportunity for students to edit their own 
papers. and s~k construCtive criticism from 
their ~rs. It will also prolli~ clarification of 
grammar, med1anIa. and ~tence and 
paragraph structure. Pre-writing disrussions, 
INhen necessary, will be conducted in 
French. SWdents may attend on regular or 
occasional basis. In USB 4070. 
1100-2100 pm - lh~ Language Program 
Level I and II-This OASIS focuses on the 
thinking skills )QJ need to successfully 
handle the r~ading and writing tasks 
assigned in }'OUr cou~. It is designed for 

tho~ who want to perfect their English 
language skills. LP classes are taught by 
reading and writing spedallsts and bilingual 
tutors. LP is presented by the OASIS \Xhiting 

C~nter and the OASIS ~acling C~nter in USB 
40608. 
2rJCHrOO pm - Interested in fv1edicine or 
~ntistly1 Drop-in adIIising In oper1 ~ions. 
In the Career Services Cffiter at the Student 
Cmter Bldg. I\. 

Monday, NOli. 19. 198.. 15 

_DNISDAY 
~IOIOO ... - The OASIS Grammar & 
Mechanics Workshop is designed for 
students WlO would lik~ to INOfk on 
clarifying basic grammatical concepts and 
categOries, and applying ~ in an 
extensive, syswnatic series d practical 

~xerdses. This practice is valuable for any 
students who have problems writing the 
COI11>Iex English ~mces ~ in 
academic writing. M ~lCercise manual to ~ 
purchased by the student will ~ used. All 
\/\IOrk will ~ co"1>'eted in the context of the 
1N'Orkshop. In USB 30508. 
.... 11100 ... - Interested in Medidneor 
Derltistly7 Drop-in advising in open ~ions. 
In ~ c.ar~r Services Cmter at SWdent 
Cmter Bldg. A 

1~11OO pili - THE OASIS SPANISH 
WORKSHOP is a rrN featur~ of the 
lAInguage Program. It is desig1ed mainly for 
students INho are writing papers or other 
class assig'lrnents in Spanish. Students not 
IN'Orking on specific papers, but who would 
like to perfect their writing ability in Spanish 
are also wekDme. The \Mlrlcshop will offer a 
unique opportUnity t>r students to edit their 
own papers, and seek constructille aItldsm 
from their ~. It will also provide 
darHIcation of !1atnml1, mechanics, and 
sentence and paragraph structure. Pre-
IMItIng discussions, when necessary, will be 
conclJcted in Spanish. Students may attend 
on regular or occasional basis, according to 
their needs. In USB 4070. 
ZIOO-41OO pili - Anals Pr~-Brlng your 
cours~ materials and get organized for finalsl 
You'" ~arn how to apply ~ succ~ful 
SCORE sys~, predict test questions, and 
review for total preparation in any course 
Sponsored by the OASIS ~ading and ~ 
Skills C~nter. In the Student C~nt~r 
Conferffice Room, Building B. 
.100-7100 pm - GRE Prep Cours~-This 
pr~ CXlu~ for ~ Graduate Record Exam 
prOllides a complet~ practic~ ~xam for the 
aptitude test, as ~I as strategies for scoring 
we" on the verbal, analytical f!asoning, and 
math ~ons. Information about applying to 
and getting accepted by graduat~ sctlooIs, 
plus stress reduction tectYliques will also ~ 
presented. Sponsored by W OASIS Cmter 
and Car~r Planning and Plac~t. In HSS 
Room 1128. 
lHUIISDAY 
..... 10100 ... - The Q\SIS Grammar and 

M~hanics Workshop is designed rer 
st~ts WlO would lik~ to work on 
clarifying basic !1ammatlcal concepts and 
categOries, and applying ~ in an 

~xterlsive systematic series of practical 
~xerdses. This practic~ is valuable for any 
students who have problems writing the 
COfTl)Iex English sentences demanded in 
academic writing. /V1 ~xerds~ manual to be 
purchased by the student will be ~. All 
\/\lOr/( will be co"1>Ieted in the CDntext of the 
1N'Orkshop. In USB 30308. 

~'IOO pM - The lAInguage Program 
L.eveis I & " - This OASIS focuses on the 
thinking skills )«I ~ to succ~fuHy 
handle the reading and writing tasks 
assigned In }'OUr COU~. It is desqled for 

thos~ who want to perfect ~Ir English 
languag~ skills. LP classes are tau!1lt by 
reading and writing specialists and by 
bilingual rutOO. LP is presmted by the OASIS 
Writing Cmter and the OASIS Reading 

Cffit~. In USB 40608. 



f' 

, . 

16 Monday , Nov. 19, 1984 

Betting on UCSD is no gamble 
By JEFF SAVAGE, Sports Editor 

T HE ROU OF THE DICE. About as unpredictable as the availability of parking at UCSD. 
Yet millions of clods give their money to 
Las Vegas casinos in return for being 
allowed to guess dice rolls. Stupid. 

If people must bet. why not take 
advantage of a sure thing? Oh, you're 
going to try to tell me that there is no 
such thing as a sure bet. aren't you? 
Well then, you can just take your money 
to Vegas and dice up a storm. I'll b~t on 
the UCSD women's volleyball team. 

These Lady T mons are on course for 
another NCAA Division III 
Champion ship Game fiesta . Their fourth 
in as many years . But to get there , 
UCSD will have to slip past West Coast 
quarterfinalist Gustavus Adolphus of 
Minnesota in the PaVllton next Friday. 
and then win in the semis the follOwing 
week. Bet on It. 

ours is a program 
of success. Perpetual 
success. 

Head coach 
Doug Dannevik 
has plenty to say 
on this. "We are 
the standard that 
the rest of the 
Division III teams 
would like [0 
reach . I don't 
think any other 
team in the 
country was 
prepared to Stay 
With UCSD when 
we took off four 
years ago." They 
tried . Doug. they 
tried. 

After a 
successful season 
m 1980, the 
Tritons had to 

because they had 
no money to pay 
for traveling 
expenses. Just 
wait 'til next year, 
they said . The 
wait was worth it. 
UCSD went [0 
Pennsylvania the 
followi ng year 

only skill in disposing of Elmhurst in three 
straight games. The 15-4, 15-6, 15-10 win 
over last year's nalional champions was a 
nice way for the Tritons to begin anolher 
post-season. Molly Wheatley spanked 12 
kills and Karin Kalk pitched in ten 
more. But more important was the play 
of Monica Bradley. The sophomore 
middle blocker stuffed prospective All-
America freshman Mary Dorigan at the 
net on four different occasions, 
establishing the tone of this win. And 
the play of seuer Christy Wada gave the 
T ri[Ons a chance to forget about three-
time All American Lulu Schwartz. 

Dannevik sees the odds on next 
Friday's game in UCSD's favor. "They've 
never played anyone as good as us," he 
says. "My feeling is that Gustavus 
Adolphus won't know what hit them 
when they get here ." 

A Di\ision III dynasty seems a silly 
concept But winning volleyball at this 
Institution is truly a reali ty From the 
AthletiC Department to the coaches. 
from the players to the gym custodian, swallow their Will DanneYlk lead UCSD to another title game] playoff invitation 

and claimed the 
national title. In 
1982, it was in 
front of a partisan 
Pavilion crowd 
that UCSD played 
in the title game, 
stumbling to La 
Verne. And last 
year it was 
another runner-
up finish, this 
ti me to Elmhurst 
College of Illinois. 
The luck of the 
Triton? Hardly. 

This game will not be on the board in 
the Las Vegas SpOrts books. But with so 
many clods running around with cash 
spilling from their pockets, this sure 
thing just might nor seem so to a few. 

RaPldy BtnPlett looks for a path to the basket dunPlg UCSD's 68-59 victory over Azusa Pacific. 

UCSD displayed And that's where I come in. 1m 

UCSD giggles at Azusa 
By MICHAEL GREENBERG 

T HERE IS A direct correlation between sports and politics. Both 
are entertaining, competirve and , 

for the most part , predictable. Exit polls 
told us that Walter Mondale would 
capture the Iowa caucuses the night 
before the event, but no analyst showed 
the hindSight to forecast Gary Hart's 
surprising second-place fi nish . Likewise , 
it was rather easy to conclude that [hI:: 
UCSD TritOns would thrash Azusa 
Pacific in their season opener Friday 
night, but hardly a soul would have 
predicted that a tenacious man -to-man 
defense would render the Cougars 
Impotent. But such was the case before 
300 pamsan fans In the Pavilion as 
UCSD gIggled at Azusa 68-59. 

problems of last year was that our 
defense was inconsistent; if we can play 
the kind of defense that we played 
tonight conSistently, we will have a very 
good year." 

As expected, the Tritons received 
superb performances by veterans 
BrandOt1 Nixon and Mark Barreca. who 
tied for scormg honors with 16 pOints 
apiece, but It was the defense , 
spearheaded by newcomers Bill Reese 
and Steve Dabasinskas (brother of Triton 
center Mike), that put a muzzle on the 
Cougar offense throughout the game. 

One Significant factor in the 
improvement of the Tritons has been 
the work of assistant coach Dave 
Wolter. In his first year with UCSD , 
Wolter has worked extensively with the 
defense, stressing fundamentals and 
aggresiveness with tremendous results. 
Executing the "amoeba" match-up zone 
to perfection , the Tritons frustrated 
Azusa into many uncharacteristic 
turnovers that contributed to the 14-4 
run midway through the second stanza 
that secured the victory for UCSD. The 
"amoeba" is a slight variation of the 1"2-
2 zone Marshall devised durmg former 
head coach John Block's tenure. But as 
Marshall' readily admtts , two years ago 
the TritOns didn't possess the eype of 
personnel necessary to execute such a 
complicated defense effectively. They do 
now ·We were not as quick as we are 
now," said the Triton coach who in all 
his years of coaching has never lost a 
season opener. "The key to any 

"We were a bit nervous at the 
beginning, but once we se ttled down we 
played awfully well ," said a subdued 
coach Tom Marshall . "I think one of the 2-. CO TINUED ON PAGE IV 

. 

WOlllen in Sports 
The U~SD Physical Educ~t~on Defanment and the Center for Study of 

Sports SCience and Humanttles wll sponsor a three-pan lecture series 
beginning today. 

The lectures will be given by Susan Bandy, a history and philosophy 
professor at San Diego State . T oday's lecture, held at I pm, will focus on a brief 
history of American women in Sports. Bandy's second lecture , Wednesday at 
I , is entitled , "Sociocultural American Perspectives of the Women in SpOrt." 
Next Monday at 1, Band y will conclude the series with "Philosophic Issues for 
American Women in Sport. " 

All lectures will be held in UCSD's Recreation Gym Confe rence Room . 
Seating is limited to the first 70 people . Each of Bandy'S presentations will be 
open for discussion. 

Women's hoop preview 

The luxury of options 
By ALICIA AGOS, Staff Writer 

JUSt prior to the beginning of the 
season, the UCSD women's basketball 
team received some bad news. Three of 
its veterans (two of whom were over six 
feet tall) had made the decision not to 
play Triton basketball this season. At 
first, according to coach Judy Malone, 
"Everyone was pretty shocked. But our 
players have taken up the slack. They're 
working hard , and now we have a lot 
more offensive options. We're a little 
qUicker. We're smaDer now, but tough." 

As assistant coach Don Felder 

Sharpshoottr }u/je Krause may avtragt 
20 points a gamt by season's tnd. 

explains, "Working within the Division 
III lottery, where there are no 
scholarships, you don't know exactly 
who or what you're going to get each 
season." The Tritons are bracing 
themselves before they match up against 
some of the best NAJA schools in the 
area. Some of the more feared teams on 
UCSD's schedule include Pomona-Pitzer, 
Whittier and PI. Lorna. It's against 
croSStown rival Pt. Lorna that the Tritons 
will open their home season. The date 
and time for this ·Premier Night" is set 

After a year) absence, }tnniftr Gregory 
will test her knee under the boards. 

BUD LIGHT 
BEER 

UCSD ATHLE1E OF THE MONTH 

DANA a.,SBN Senior 
s.c ............ , c.tlfom" 
M.N'S WAnR POLO 

" In pre-~ason polls. ucSO's men's watrr polo team was disregarded as a 
legitimate cc:lIUnder for ~ NCAA Champion-ship PIa)OIfs, ~ Tritons' 
performance for ft month ot October may se~ as basis for a ~ a~ 
changes, 

One ot the major ~asons for the UCSO's strong showing has been the play 
otWWA_.sD�. 

Coach Denny Harper's 14th-ranked Tritons postrd a 5-3 record aver the 
month ot 0cIDber to raise their )early record to II-I~I. Each ot UCSO's tine 
defeats came at ft hands ot top ten ranked teams; #1 ranked UC Bertceley 14-
8; #4 ranked l..kWmity ot Southern calfomia 11-8; and # 7 ranked UC-
Santa Barbara 1(}'9. Triton \Iictories came at ft elCpMSe of C1a~mont-Mudd 
College. 10-8, UC RIvmide 25-5 & 20-6 and CSU Los Angetes 14-6, 

Griesen. a 6-3. 190 pcxn:Ier tailed 28 goals aver ft eight games. gMng him 
71 goals on the year, 1heSacramento natiYe's total of 71 goals isonlytv.oshyof 
UCSO's single ~ason mark ot 73 ~t in 1981. . 

Cooc Judy Malone will showcase an 
unrestricted Offtnse. 

for tomorrow at 7:30 pm. All home 
games will be played in the Triton 
Pavilion . 

Some of the players who are expected 
to show off their basketball talent in the 
Pavilion this season include last year's 
co-captains, Julie Krause and Sue 
Semrau. Both are seniors and strong 
outside shooters. Krause was the 
second-leading scorer last season, with 
an average of 16 points per game, and 
Semrau wasn't far behind with an 
average of 13 a game. 

Malone is predicting an offense for 
the season which "won't be as restricted 
as last year's. We're not as tall, but we 
have better ball handlers and better 
players this season. We have a more 
mobile offense. Right now our players 
are running weD." 

The Tritons' game will also be 
strengthened by the presence of Jennifer 
Gregory. Gregory, a rebounder who was 
knocked out of competition last season 
with an injured knee, will be called 
upon to pick up the rebounding chores, 

Monday, Nov. 19. 198.. 17 

handled last year by Teik Francis and 
Shelley McKeone. 

Assessing the present Triton team, 
Malone predicts that this year the group 
will do ~as well or better than last year's 
record of 11-13. We're a lot further 
along right now than last year at this 
time , and that's due to the attitude of 
the team and, of course, our assistant 
coaches," she added with a smile. 

Felder who divides his time between 
basketball, grad school and being a TA 
for History 2A, said, "After eight wee~ 
of practice , we're ready to play. I think 
we'll be playing eXCiting basketball thIS 
season. We have to play aggressively, 
and that will be enjoyable for fans to 
watch. We're working really hard , and 
the attitude of the team is really good. 

"We like to think we are helping to 
upgrade UCSD sports. Volleyball, men's 
soccer and water polo have all done well 
this fall and have received some good 
attention. We hope that wel1 be the 
reCipients of some of that 
enthusiasm." ~ 

Holiday Special 
italian Nappa Leather Jackets 

5125.00 while supply lasts 
Colon: Grey. lurg&n:ly. KhM •• light Brown and Be'ge 

--~ \,1 ;' 



18 Monday, Nov. 19, 198'1. 

By MICHAEL GREENBERG 

THERE IS A genuine vulnerability to Tom Marshall. He's nice , gentle. polite. and humorous. 
traits not often attributed to basketball 

coaches. Nurses? Maybe . Librarians? 
Possibly. Nuns? Quite likely. Basketball 
coaches? Never. But afrer observing for 
the past three years the bedside manner 
of the skipper of the USS Triton, I have 
come ro know and respecr Marshall as a 
coach and a human being. 

Sitting behind a cumbersome desk in 
his tiny cubicle. which overlooks the 
gym floor. Marshall is rhe Sincere and 
gracious host When a reporter is on a 
dealine. the UCSD coach cooperates. If 
he or she asks a redundant question . 
Marshall faithfully answers. exhibiting 
more patience than most of his 
colleagues. He is polite , articulate and 
emparhetic, qualities one would expect 
from many of UCSD's more prominent 
professors. but not its basketball coach. 
One wonders if Marshall has ever heard 
of the Bobby Knight School of Public 
Relations (BI<SP), an institution which IS 
notorious for its curriculum. Recently. an 
alumni of BI<SP told me that in order to 
graduate one has to pass the follOwing 
courses: (l) 10 ways to Insult a female 
reporter; (2) How to answer questIons from 
the press withour actuaUy saytng anything; 
and (3) the ever-popular Destroying a 

J E w E 

player's confidence-in four practices or less. 
Succeedi ng John Block in 1983. 

Marshall has accumulated the wisdom 
necessary to be a successful collegiate 
coach as well as the respect of his 
players In order to accomphsh such a 
feal In an informal interview on 
Monday, UCSD's head coach revealed 
his opinions on some of basketball's 
spIcier issues: 
On Coaching I really enjoy coaching. I 
always have. and I always will. I think 
I've gonen better every year I wonder if 
every coach says that? 
On Recruiting I enjoy recruiting a lot, 
alrhough many coac hes hate recruiting. 
They don 't like visitmg the family. 
selling their school to the kid. and 
expending enormous amounts of time 
in the process. But of course, there is a 
big difference berween recruiting for 
DiVlson 1 and recruiting for Division Ill. 
In major college ball. no marter what he 
says otherwise. the coach is interested 
in the athlete, nor the student-athlete. In 
DIVlson III , and especially ar UCSD. we 
are more concerned wirh the student-
athlete and how he will fir into our 
program, which emphasizes academics 
before athletics. A good example of this 
Involves a real talented athlete who we 
tried to recruit . He was quite a player 
and I thought we had a good 

L' E R S 
The JiamonJ people 'Y ''''''''. I I, 

657 Villa La Jolla Dm\.' 455-970 

"fl 
0' ~ 

..c 

~ 
£ 

Il0;.;<l-'1111 
opportunity 01 recruiting him, since 
both his parents graudated from the UC 
system. He was supposedly being 
pressured to sign with Alabama-
Birmingham. but I still felt confident of 
signing him when he visited our school. 
At the interview. I knew right away that 
this kid was going to be a problem. His 
attitude was poor and I prerty much told 
him thar we were no longer interested. 
He eventually went to a Junior College 
and was kicked off the team a month 
later for disciplinary problems. Those 
are the types of stories that you feel bad 

about, and ar rhe same rime , happy that 
your priorities are in the right place. A 
coach once told me , and I share his 
sentiments. rhat life is toO short to worry 
abour personality conflicts with troubled 
athleres. He'd rather have a decent 
season with great kids than a great 
season with a bunch of primadonnas. 
The difference between coaching Divison 1 
and 111 players The way I approach 
coaching at this level (Division lll) is 
that for the mosr part what you have is 

> CONTINUED ON PAGE 19=> 

ao vrT~ s 
m~ ksdt 

ne.eds a neW 
LOGO 

@ 
~ deadline = 

---------------SubM·,t ~oUr deS'j""'5 
(wi or '11/0 #lij O')ah-) 
PRIZES 
WILL BE AWARDED TO THE 
BEST ENTRY, THE WINNING 
ENTRY WIU BE UseD ON T-
SHIRTS. BUMPER STICKERS. ETC. 

UNIQUE GIFTS from the SEAl 

JAN11 

SUBMIT YOUR ENTRIES AT 
KSDT IN THE sruDENT CENTER 

OR CALL 452-3673 FOR 
MORE INFORMATION, 

\11 1l.tllll tli lilH ,l .. hl1l' \ 007 
~CIIPP' 111, 11111111111111 ()I t ,.UlOC;I.lph \ 

I ~. J.,Il.. ( .IItt. 1I III •• 42HlH 

Ocean-related books 
(pre -Iehool throuqh pOlt -qradualel. 

Institution of Oceanography 

We accept phoDe ordera & maltereard/viaa . 

Opener 
< CONTINUED FROM PAGE .16 ' < 
defenSive scneme is suiting the defense 
to your team's strength. not the other 
way around." 

Tremendous as the defense may have 
been. UCSD was obviously very well 
prepared for this new season. The 
offense, which appeared stagnant on 
many occasions last year. was 
impressive by its shear diversity. Scoring 
from inside and from the perimeter. the 
Tritons had four players in double 
figures. Greg I<amansky and Brandon 
Nixon are presumed to hit from 
downtown, but three new faces stepped 
outside to show off their talents. Randy 
Bennett. who sparkled when UCSD 
went to fast-break , buried the 15- to 18-
footer with confidence. Expanding his 
already versatile play to include a 
delicate jumper. Barreca looks to be 
virtually unstoppable this season. Reese , 
who took over for graduating Steve Aint 
at the small forward position, arched his 
rainbow 20-footer with the preciSion of 
Connie Hawkins of the 1970 Los 
Angeles Lakers. Instead of two, possibly 
three gunners, Marshall now has five 
dependable marksmen he can go to 
when the game is on tne line. "The 
mark of a good team is its ability to do 
three rhi':lgs weD: hit from the outside, 
score Instde, and execute the running 
game," said Marshall . ·We did an three 
tonight, and if we continue to do so, 
we'll ha~ a good season." 

With Wolter concentrating his effons 
on the defense, Marshall has delegated 
assistant coach Jeff Armstrong (last 
year's only assistant) to oversee the 
offense. Armstrong, a product of Point 
Lorna College, has made the Triton 
offense abnost error-free by going over 

many minute details that Marshall would 
ordinarily not have time to concentrate 
on during practice. Jack Shawcroft. the 
team's third assistant coach, spends his 
time tutoring players indiVidually. His 
duties are much the same as those of 
Pete Newell , the coach of the 1960 US 
Olympic team, who runs a summer 
camp for NBA players looking to 
improve jJ panicular aspect of their 
game. Obviously, Marshall relishes the 
fact that he has three assistants for the 
first time. "What it allows me to do is 
spend my time more wisely. With Dave 
working for the defense, jess helping 
the offense, and jack instructing 
individuals, I can spend time with each 
panicular segment. instead of having to 
concentrate solely on one during the 
entire practice ," says Marshall. "This is 
the way most major college programs 
work, and 1 think we will be more 
successful because of it." 

What is impressing Triton officials is 
the club's chemistry, described by one 
coach as extraordinary. The guys all go 
out together after the game; there is 
none of the selfish ness that has been a 
problem in the past. Even among the 
coaching ranks. the mood is 
harmonious. "I am not going to lie to 
you and say we ne~r argue, because we 
do. But the feeling among us is very 
good and we work well together." says 
Marshall . "I remember something I saw 
on john Wooden's wall once that I've 
never forgotten . It said, 'If two coaches 
always agree, then one of them is 
unnecessary. If two coaches always 
disagree, rhen both are unnecessary ... · 
TRITON HOOP-LA: UCSD dominated 
Azusa in aU asptcts Friday. shooting a 
blistering 59% to the Cougars ' 42% .... 
Mike "Dabo" Dabasinskas led the Tritons 
with seven rebounds, while Hamca and 
Ruse added six each. Dabo says that the 
team is hitting the boards better than ever 

Mac intosh Software 
Developers Seminar 

I 

c-
/11#1111\\\\\\ j 

November 29,1984 9 am-12 Noon 

For the serious user that would like 
information about developing 

software for the Macintosh computer. 

Call 452-4291 for more information. 

UIlIVIIIIIITY IIDalillTUll1 
COMPUTER CENTER 

452-4291 

thanks to a machine Marshall bought 
recently called "The Rebounder." "It helps 
us because we can set it at any height," 
explains Dabasinshas. "I think it has just 
made us more aggressive, more than ever 
before .... .. If there was a negative asptct in 
Friday's game , it was UCSD 's lach of poise 
near the end as they almost squandered a 
16-point lead with ten minutes left. Azusa 
cut the margin to six, larxely due to 
carelessness by some of the Triton veterans, 
bur never really posed a threat. Marshall, 

Marshall 
( CONTI!'/UED FROM PAGE 18 < 
a player who does one thing very well, 
and that's that. He's one-dimensional; 
either a great shooter, great rebounder 
or great defender. The exceptiOns are 
the Tommy Wights and Bobby 
Goodmans .. . but you have to remember 
that they were All-Americans. So the 
trick is to mesh those one dimensional 
players into a cohesive unit. In Divison 
I, all the players are multi-dimensional 
and potential All-Americans. Of course, 
to coach at that level, one probably 
should have a minor in psychology to 
deal with all the head cases who think 
they've got the next ticket to the NBA. 
On the state of college basketball It's 
getting better every year because the.re is 
better coaching at the younger levels 
preparing the kids for college ball . 
Players are getting bigger and bigger .... 
To be a point guard, you have to 6'3" or 
6'4", which was the size of small 
forwards ten years ago. If you look at 
Magic johnson, being 6'8-1/2", you see 
how he has restructured the game 
himself. I think the time will come when 
well see players no shoner than 6"" 
playing conege ball, and that's scary. 
On UCSD's decision to abort the NAlA in 

Monday, Nov. 19, 1984 19 

who is never completely satisfied, was still 
upset at the team's lack of concentration . 
"We should have never let them get back in 
the game, we didn 't execute-it's as Simple 
as that .. .... One problem that hampered 
UCSD last season resurfaced during the 
Cougar raUy: the inability to break the full -
court press, something that obviously will 
have to be worked on .... The Tritons will 
travel up to Los Angeles tomorrow to faa 
an Occidental team they disposed of handily 
last year.... ~ 

favor of the NCAA Probably the biggest 
difference In the rwo leagues is that we 
will not have the lulCUry of a pre-season 
to get ready for league play. Since we 
are an Independent and have no league 
to compete in. we will only advance to 
the NCAA playoffs if we have a good 
record. Last year. we could afford to 
schedule tough Division I teams 
(Oregon. Idaho State, Stanford) in the 
pre-season , because our record didn't 
maner. only our progress. The only 
thing that was important was having the 
club ready by the league opener. Well, 
this year we're going to have to stan 
strong right off the bat, and that means 
a wi n Friday night against Azusa Pacific. 
On Losing I hate to lose. I have a lot of 
sleepless nights when I lose. [Pause] I'm 
not a good loser at all. 
On Winning That is probably [smiles] 
one of the greatest, euphOric feelings I 
can experience. The old saying that it's 
not whether you win or lose but how 
you play the game is a good quote, but I 
think it applies more to intramurals 
than intercollegiate athletics. We're here 
to win. I will do everything possible to 
prepare my players to win the game. 
Winning is the ultimate frosting for a 
coach. ~ 

, WHY THE INCREASE? " 
If you have questions and opinions concerning 
the proposed increase in student parking rates, an 
information forum will be held on 

TUESDAY NOVEMBER 20 
4-5 PM . ' HL AUDITORIUM 

Officials from the Parking Office and Business 
and Finance will be present to entertain student inquiry. 

For more infonna )D call x~~so. 

IF YOU HAVE 

The Guardian is your student newspaper, 
and we went your input. Drop by and talk to us 
(we're located next to the Che Cafe) ex give us a call 
at 452-3468, Then see your ideas put into action, Or 
at least see your food consumed, 



20 Mondav, ov. 19, 1984 

CIa.1fted advertfslng spKe Is sold In 
IOO-character Increments. Each 
Ieaer, punctuation mark and spKe 
between words Is considered a 
character, with capital letters 
counting as two charaaen. The rate 
Is SI per 100 characters for students 
and S3 per 100 characters for non-
S1Udents. You must come by the office 
or IMII In )'OUr ad, as we require 

~ In advance of publication. 
DNdllnes are 5 pm Tuesday for 
Thursday's pilper, 5 pm Friday for 
Monday's paper. For more 
InformatIon call 452-3466, The 
Guardian, UCSO, 8-016, La Jotla, CA 
92093. 

Spend this summer in Washington I 
Come to ASIO Nat'! Internship Info Nite. 
this Tues .• 7 pm. USB403Da. (11/19) 
Insurance Warl We'II beat any price or 
we don't want your business. Tickets. 
accidents. sports cars. good 
driver/student discounts: all \N'elcome. 
Call 286-1135. Request l.K:SO Plan. 
(11/29) 
VIOlin 7 Viola 7 Prep for "32" or just for 
fun. GroL4> rates. sliding scale. Helen 
Martin. 457~7t. (11/26) 
Reliable \Xiheels car rental from S5. low 
mileage ratrs available. F~ delivery. 
459-4936. (11/29) 
Nat'! tnterrlSt1;p Info Night Tues .• 11/20 
at 7 pm, USB403OA. Presented by ASlO. 
/11/191 
Trivia, TrMa. TrMa, Trivia. 7 pm at room 
111 AC. 29C pie and lots of fun, see yall 
~77?(11/19) 

AMES MAJORS: You have the 
opportunity to tour Nissan Research & 
Design Center on Fri. Nov. 30 and learn 
about how art relatrs to engineering. 
Sign-up on board ~ UH 5229. 
Another Me( Event (11/19) 
Rare chance: SeYenteen. See film and 
hear its filmmakers speak about it T~. 
Nov. 20, 7:00 PH 110. Free. (11/19) 
Come watch or play Trivia Pursuit ~r 
sign-up at warren Dean Office before 
4 :30 today. Game starts 7 pm tonight in 
room 111 AC. Take a study break and also 
get a slice of pie. Be there. (11/19) 
TOUR of NISSAN RESEARCH and 
Design Center scheduled for Fri. Nov. 30 
4 pm. s;gn-up on board UH 5229. 
Organized by UCSD Mechnical 
Engineering Club. (11/19) 
Win big prizes by designing a new logo 
for KSDn Submit }Our entries by Jan. 11 at 
KSDT or call x3673. (11/19) 
29¢ pie. 9¢ hot apple dder or hot 
chocolatr or ice cream plus trivial pursuit 
challenge at 7 pm 111AC. (11/19) 

ilSll IlHlJll I I 
Computer printer. Brother HR-15. letter 
quality. 5300. 458-1399. (11/26) 
Photo-Developing lab eqUipment : 
Patrrson 2-reel developing tank. Kalt 
stainless steel dial thermometer. 
chemicals and chemical containers. 
Good as brand new. Call eve. 455-6645. 
(11/19) 
Flaming Red 7' single fin full Astrodeck 
Sunset Custom. Ideal for big waves. 
Cleanl S200 firm. 457-1390. /11/26) 

Concord AM-FM cassette deck and t\NO 
3-wayspeakers, S150; Olin Mark IVSklis, 
185cm S120; tire chains. fit FR7D-14. 
FR/GR78-14. SIS. Call Scott at 755-
3543. (11/19) 
1979 Foxi 1TIOped. Good condition. good 
transportation. Asking S25O. Call ~rry 
457-1512. /11/19) 
Typewriter; Smith-Corona electric 
correcting model. One year old. S120. Ed 
458-9816. /11/19) 
54cm Miyata 912 211bs w/excellent light 
wheels. 13-21 cluster. new derailleurs. 
pedals. cables. Good, functional radng 
bike. never crashed. S275 firm. Kristen. 
488-5505 evenings. (11/26) 
48k Atar i comp .• di.skdrive . 
Pascal/C/Logo/Forth/Usp. vvordpro. 
communcations. games piUS. 483-4942. 
/11/19) 
Radng bike. 55cm Palo Alto frame. 
Campy. Avocet suntour components. 
Great condo S585/offer. Alex 457-5251. 
,11/19) 
HO 4x8' tm table. )eng. 2trk. Ightd 
bldgs. 2x xformer. console. In time for 
Xmas. 277-56676-8 eves. (11/19) 

HAVING A PARTY? let me suppty 
recorded music for dandng or any other 
mood. Either rent my cassettes or I 'Nill 
creatr to }Our desires. Call Steve 295-
4885. (11/29) 
Burke Secretarial-Quality typingl 
Spelling correct-rush jobs specialty/ 
flexible hrs. La Jolla 457-3842. (11/29) 
Typing/Word Processing-For all }Our 
twing needs call Barbara at 454-7624. 
Rush jobs accepted. (11/29) 
Prof . Word Processing/typing 
dissertations. theses. papers. resumes. 
South Bay. lorraine 421-9426. (11/29) 
WORD PROCESSING. Reasonable rates. 
free campus pickup/delivery. Fast 
service. Andy. 279-8056. (11/19) 
See Seventeen Tues. Nov. 207:00 PH110. 
(11/19) 
Cars for rent S15 a day, sa5 a \/\leek. 
Ullimitrd free mileage. Del Mar. 75S-
3201. (11/29) 
Professional typing. IBM memory. 
cassette tapes. regular & micro-So. 
Clairemont, Doris 278-8736. (11/19) 

HI .Jemlferl This is }Our rose buddy! H~ 
a \NOnderful weeki Alpha l.oIIe, ?77 
(11/19) 
May Pin2-Hullo from }Our Rose buddy! 

~ a great week & happythanxgMngl 
XOXO (11/19) 
\Xh1o's Comfortably Numb, Menaga-A-
TrMa & Mad Hppos. What do they all 
~ in common? (11/19) 
LDtsa love to Sharolun, LDrelel, Christy & 
laura I Welcome to Alpha Omicron Pil 
Enjoy }<>ur pIedgehood. XO. (11/19) 
Jim. Congrats, Ueutenant Commanderl 
Long live Sigma Nul All my ~ to }Ou. 
)Uur Sig Kap girl. Kiki. (11/19) 
LDralje, )Uu're the big sistrr I always 
wished to~. You're greatl Sigma love 
always, Kristrn. (11/19) 
Seventeen I Seventeen I Seventeen I 
Seventeenl Seventeenl Seventeenl Tues. 
Nov. 20 7:00 PH110 free. (11/19) 
Mad Hippos vs Menaga-a-TrMa vs 
Comfortably Numb at 7 pm Room ilIAC. 
Be the~ for the fight (11/19) 
To the brothers of Delta Sigma Ali: 

!llnH611""1 mllMB11 
Congratulations on}OUr installation. We 
are very happy for }OU11..oYe, the sisters 
of Alpha Omicron PI. (11/191 
Renee, Cindy, Melssa, and Tracy. 
Thanks for putting L4> whh mel Take 
care, .Jane the peppererl (11/19) 

AT HOME FATHERS of small children. 
Ph.D. cando \NOUId like to speak to you 
about}UUr e~ with )Our enid 
under H/2 yrs. <:aIt ~ collect 415-
665-2038. (11/19t 
Wanted: VIdeo Editing helper for 
student \NOrking on projects. Expertise 
neected. Salary open. 273-5458. (11/19) 

~'" Tues. 1'oIoY. 20 7:00 PHilO. 
(11/19) 

mifiiMBJllll1 
Master bedroom for rent. can be shared. 
3/4 mile from school. Call Rich or J.K. at 
457-1353. ~. 1st. (11/29) 
For }Oung professional VI.QTlan-studio 
apt. or similar. ~ pay S300. Please call 
459-6899 and Ie~ message. (11/29) 
Nev.t condo for rent close to UCSO. U 
Colony. Fumished 3-bdrm loaded with 
extras. Call 450-3265. (11/26) 
5 br 4 batt1 Torrey Pines home. 
S2100/mo. Unfum., nwty redec. HD 
vIIOOd floors. Can Jeff 454-6158, 296-
6893. (11/26) 
House in Clrrmt, trig, frpfc. jac .• wash. 2 
brm 2 bath. 54 SO plus 5200 util. Call 272-
3019 Wed. after 7 pm. Paul. (11/19) 

dlS!§iRIII 
Top Drawer Secretarial Word 
Processing . Reports. resumes. 
manuscripts. Student rate. Diane 481-
4160. (11/29) 
Expert Typing. Word processing & tape 
transcription. Spelling free. Sandy, 459-
5818. La Jolla. (11/29) 
Will do all )Uur typing-UCSD grad with 
8 years prof. exper. You can call anytJme. 
Nadine 578-0496. 111/29) 

Roses to XI pledge class, one year today. 
l.oIIe to }Ou all. UI. (11/19) 
C1t great work e~ outside of 
S.D.! Nat'l Internship Info NIle: this 
Tues., 7 pm, US8403Oa. 111/191 
Happy Birthday to the best roommatr 
aroundl Karen, hope }OU erjoy it on 
TttJrs. L.ove ya, from VInky. (11/19) 
Maayoonardl 6 mer tths & still going 
strong. va'II R ~ taYorite. Thanx 1,M, 
Your Ox. t'lJgs and kisses too. (11/19) 
KSDT is sick of their Iogol Design a new 
one and win big prizesl Submit entries by 
Jan. 11 at KSDn .111/26) 
Doma (~terrif AD" sis): Watch out for 
iii boys hanging around skating rinks. 
Hal L.ove, Lym. (11/19) 
Karen-the spaghetti faClDly? Alpha 
l.oIIe, Your Big Sis I (11/19) 

Tex. are )00 goklg to TrMai PUrsutt 
1Dt'ight at 7 pm at room lilAC? .rr. 
(11/191 

Fou1d-I male cat white with grey & 
tan blotches. outside Central Ubrary on 
11/7. very friendly. Call 45.3-6787.111/19) 
Lost 1'oIoY. 13: A blue rhinestone bracetet. 
Lost somewhere between Media Center 
and P&L value is ~ sentil'11et"ltal, 
Reward. call 488-25n evenings. Ask 
for ~. (11/191 
Lost, g~ and black rac~ jacket 
with the name Ron on it Very Important 
Please ca. 453-3548, (11/19) 

"What, no Guardian 
on Thursday?" 

That's right. In case you didn't know, 
Thursday is ThanksgMng, and we're 
going home to eat turkey. So should you. 

ADVERTISING DEADLINES for next 
Monday's paper are: 

DISPLAY ADS: 4:30 pm Monday 
(11/19) 

CLASSIFIEDS: 5 pm Tuesday (11/20) 
Also, note that the Thursday, Nov. 29 

issue of the Guardian is the last for this 
quarter. We'll return in January, better 
than ever. 


