


A Forum on the United States 
involvement in El Salvador, featuring 
Mario Valesquez of the Democratic 
Revolutionaty Front of EI Salvador and a 
representative from the US tate 
Department, will take place Monday, 
June 4, at 7:30 pm at Peterson Hall lOB . 
The forum , "Is United States 
Intervennon in EI Salvador Justified:' is 
being sponsored by the UCSD 
Committee on US Foreign PolIcy. For 
more information, contact Dr. Barry 
Rigby at 452-3883. 

o 

Are you boycotting the Olympics? 
There is still a way to participate in an 
international program of your own. 
California Homestay Institute IS a non-
profit organization that will be bringing 
15 Japanese students aged 1B-23 into 
the La Jolla area this summer from July 
25 to August 23. The students are 
viSiting California in order to Improve 
their conversational English , learn about 
American culture, and have some fun 
wh ile they are here. If you are interested 
m hosting a student or have any 
questions , call Phd Sasso at 459-7534 in 
the evenmgs. 

o 

A Transit survey of people in 
wheelchairs is bemg conducted by San 
Diego TranSit now through June B. The 
goal of the survey IS to find out what 
people m wheelchairs feel they need in 
public transportation services. If you are 
a disabled person m a wheelchair and 
would like a surveyor know of someone 
who would, contact San Diego Transit 
Marketing Department at 238-0100. 

o 

The first UCSD summer courses in 
latin and Greek will be offered as Will 
other intensive language courses. An 
mtensive course of Spanish will entail 
three weeks' study at UCSD and then 
will be followed by five weeks at the 
University of Madnd in Spam. For more 
mformatlon, conta t Extension at 452-
4364. 

o 

The 20th Annual Watermelon splat 
will come to pass Friday June 8 at noon. 
The massive watermelon will be shoved 
off of Urey Hall by the infamous 
"Watermelon Queen" who will be 
ch9sen at a pageant at 8 pm, June 6 in 

1968 ... 
W;:h the current year of pubhcation 

(ast commg to a close, the editors of the 
Triton Til11es ratifted theIr constitution 
and, m accordant:e With procedures set 
forth mit. elecled new offtcers for next 
year. The Constitution Includes a 
statement of purpose for the Tnton 
Times . "The Intents and purpose of the 
-TT shall be [Q prepare a I1cwspaper 
which reOects the interest of the 
UniVerslty community; to present news 
and events as objectively as pOSSible 
and to cultivate interests In academiC 
activities, community functions , spons, 
finc arts; and to prOVide a medium for 
the expressIOn of student ideas and 
opinions." 

1970 .. . 
In the closest election m the six years 

the Revelle Cafeteria. The pageant will 
be a spoof on the Annual Miss America 
contest. The object of throwing the 
melon off the seventh Ooor of Urey is to 
create a "splat" and then measure the 
distance between ground zero and the 
most distant piece. The official "splat" 
record is ISS'?" set m 1973. A 
watermelon feast will follow the 
ceremonies on Revelle Plaza. 

o 

Ronald Ruff, an assistant professor in 
residence of Psychiatry and urgery at 
the UC 0 School of Medicine, has been 
awarded $14B,Ooo by the Robert Wood 
Johnson Foundation to study different 
types of rehabilitative therapy for 
victims of head injUly According to Dr. 
Ruff, three-quarters of a million head 
injuries occur in this countty each year, 
about 5,000 annually in San Diego. 
Many severely injured patients are being 
saved through prompt and effective 
medical care, yet they survive with 
moderate to severe psychological and 
behavioral disabilities . 

o 

San Diego Padres Owr.er Joan Kroc is 
funding a major training and educanon 
program and facility to study and 
address sports-related chemical Issues. 
The program will be housed in a new 
$6.9 mllhon complex. Concentration will 
be on educating and training coaches, 
managers, teachers and admimstrators 
who are involved with sports programs 
ranging from grade school thr9ugh 
profeSSional teams to help athletes cope 
with life without relying on alcohol and 
drugs. 

o 

In UC President David Gardner's 
commencement speech last week, while 
he received an Honorary Doctor of Law 
from the University of Nevada, Las 
Vegas, Gardner warned new graduates 
agamst the sensational predictions of 
doom found m books of the 20th 
centuty, such as Orwell's 1984. 
"Personally, I think this IS a surrender to 
fatahsm and an invitatlon to despair," 
said Gardner "This prospect IS an 
unworthy expectation, espeCially or 
those of us who have enjoyed the fruits 
of thIS era and this society. Learning 
and the wise use of knowledge are the 
antidote to the negative utopia depicted 
by George Orwell." 

of AS hiStory, UCSD undergraduates 
chose Revelle Junior Mike "Heavy" Palclc 
as ~ preSident by a nine-vote margin. 
In hiS platform, Palelc emphasized his 
opposLtlon 10 "all war rese<lrch" eing 
conducted .lt UCSD. In terms 01 
extraCUrrIcular events, which Will count 
on a $68,000 operating budget, Palelc 
favors "a dlverstlted program o[ social 
and cultural events suited to the tastes 
of our students." 

1971... 
With thiS Issue, the Tritoll Times 

completes its fourth year of continuous 
publication, and today the old editors 
are stepping down to make way for next 
year's staff. 

L972 ... 
urprismgly enough, of TWO tudent 

$74,000 to TGs 

AS budget allocations 
After nearly 12 hours of debate over the 1984-5 budget the AS Council 

succeeded in finding ample money for most of the major programs and services 
that requested funding. Yet after the first rounds of allocations were diwied up 
and tabulated a big problem was discovered. "We found that we were deficit 
spending," said AS Vice President Mary Rose Alexander. But unlike the United 
States governing body, the AS was able to remedy the situation . With the aid of a 
calculator AS President Marc Boroditsky proposed that a 2% cut stretch across 
nearly the whole budget. 

In one of the most controversial allocations, ASIO was budgeted $13,720 
despite a Finance Committee recommendatiOR of oaly $7,081. 

In a year in which the alternative media had little problem receiving a large 
allocation, $38,000, (he Council passed an item of immediate consideration 
when the time comes to divide up that sum beTWeen the individual 
publications. 

The item, a resolution submitted by Commissioner of Communications Ken 
Cariffe, states in pan: WHEREAS, the growth of the smaUer media must be 
secured, and WHEREAS, limiting large allocations provides for a larger number 
of individual allocations thus promoting diversity, THEREFORE BE IT 
RESOLVED, that no single print medium shall receive more than one-third of 
the total media unallocated budget. 

In the past, attempts were made by various factions to curtail the funding of 
the alternative media. Proposals such as combining the papers into one 
magazine or referenda seeking to limit the funding to a much smaller doDar 

K'!.~\. .. ~ 
~-. ~. 

The alternative media received $38,000, but can't agree on who gets how much . 

amount have aD been thwarted. Through the ingenuous tactics of the alternative 
media leaders , enough campus suppOrt has been mustered up to defeat these 
types of measures. The funding limitation to no more than one-third of the 
media budget ~ppears to be aimed at the new indicator which is the only paper to 
havea budgetm exc~ss of $14,000, although the Voz Fronteriztl has requested a 
funding for thIS year In the same ball park. ·We plan to fight this 'one-third' idea 
?n all fronts ," said new indicator collective member Francis Feeley. "We may fight 
It through the le~al ~stem and we may try to mobilize student opinion." 

With ten pubhcatlo~ applying for funding, including the California Review, 
whIch was demed fundmg by past councils for its racist and sexist stances, the 

fundin~ picture appears to be tighter. than ever .. Cariffe's resolution may make it 
ImpOSSible for any alternative medIa to publish more than twice a month 
without outside funding. Critics have continuously called upon the alternative 
publications to solicit ad revenues .. The alternative media have always put up 
the argument that outSIde soliCitations would necessarily narrow their scope 
and treatme nt of issues. 

In the last of the big aUocations, KSDT, although still only on AM cable, 
received $19,600. Programming, which takes care of UCSD's claim to fame TG's 
received $74.108. ' 

After all the money was doled out, some $49,000 was allotted for the Student 
Organizations to fight over. Hearings were concluded last week. and the 
majority of student organizations were left grumbling over the tight purse strings 
thus far bemg pulled by the Council. 

candi dates runnmg for pubhc oflice m 
San Diego County in next Tuesday'S 
primary, one IS a candidate III the 
Republican Party. His name is Michael 
Palctc. He IS a former ASUCSD 
preSident and is running for the BOth 
Assembly District. Conccrning 
environmental legislation , Palcic 
believes, "We should enact laws that 
attack the real sources of polllllion , the 
most nagrant being the autOmobile ." 

1973 ... 
Lettcr to the editor ... For aU the 

- Steven R. Friedman 

critic ism the rT (or a I used to call it, 
T-squared) receives from students, 
faculty, administrators and others, I still 
think it is domg a great job, happy sixth 
bIrthday Roger Showley. (Editor's Note: 
Roger helped found the IT and was the 
news editor from 1967-1970, graduated 
with a History degree and spent six 
months at the White House Conferenci: 
on Children and Youth, two years at the 
Republican National Committee and 
now is a reporter for the Palnot-News in 
Harrisburg, PA.) 

-Christopher CanDie 

UCSD graduale Dr. Slauglller is presently the chanceUor oj the University oj Maryland, the 
seventh larxest campus in the country. 

Box Office no longer 
offers Mann tickets 
By SEAN WAGSTAFF 

It was once possible to see first-run 
movies at Mann Theaters for $2.75 -
half the regular price of admission. But 
not anymore. 

In the past, the UCSD Box Office 
carried a little-known, speCial-rate ticket 
supplied by Mann Theaters that could 
be used for admission to any movie not 
already sold-out. 

The tickets were supplied to the Box 
Office for $2.50, so the office collected a 
25-cent profit per ticket. 

When asked for Mann Theater 
bargain tickets , a Box Office employee 
responded, ' We don't sell those 
anymore because Mann Theaters won't 
let us charge a 25-cent service charge. 
Would you like to sign a petition to get 
Mann Theater tickets back?" 

The employee prom'ptly produced a 
legal pad, several pages of which were 
covered with student signatures. "In the 
meantime, maybe you'd like to buy 
Pacific Theater tickets instead. They're 
the same deal." 

The reasons for the decision by the 
Mann Theater management are unclear 

at best. 
The assistant manager of Mann 

Theaters in University Towne Centre 
stated, "They I the Mann management] 
don't want other people to make money 
off our movies. It makes sense if you 
think about it." 

It was pointed out to the assistant 
manager that it is common practice for 
ticket agencies to charge a small service 
charge for any tickets they sell, but she 
dechned further comment, referring 
further questiOns to the main office in 
Los Angeles. 

A person at the main office promised 
to have the company's public relations 
representative contact the Guardian to . 
clarify the mauer, but the call was never 
returned and the public relations phone 
was never answered. 

Whether or not the Box Office 
petition will alter the as-yet unjustified 
decision by Mann Theaters is uncertain, 
but for now, students wanting to see 
bargain rate movies will either have to 
settle for the selection at Pacific 
Theaters or pay $5 (or more) at Mann . 

SOFT CONTACT LENSES 
in 
most cases 

INCLUDES: 
Contact lenses, examination, 
patient training, follow up, 
chemical care kit and fitting. 
EXTENDED WEAR LENSES 
ONLY $165.00 

THE CLASSICAL EYE 
DR. ROBERT HELLER OPTOMETRIST 

La Jolla Village Square 
(Inside the Mall; Lower Level) 

8657 Villa La Jolla Drive. Suite 136 
451-7314 

Hydrocurve ~tended wear lenses al/ailable. 

UCSD alumnus sp.eaks 

Black recognition 
ceremony yesterday 
By SEAN WAGSTAFF 

A recognition ceremony honoring the 
1984 Black graduates of UCSD was held 
yesterday in the International Ce nter. 
The theme of the ceremony was 'The 
Architects of the Twenty-first Century," 
and the proceedings were highlighted 
by the appearance of the keynote 
speaker, Chancellor John Slaughter of 
the UniverSity of Maryland , College 
Park. 

According to Bobbie Gray of the 
ceremony's coordinating committee, 
only 43 of the approximately 3,000 
students graduating this year at UCSD 
are Black. 

Having earned his PhD in 
engineering physics at UCSD in 1971, 
Slaughter served on the National Science 
Foundation \vith UCSD Chancellor 
Richard Atkinson. Atkinson introduced 
his friend Slaughter at the ceremony. 

In 1982, Slaughter became chancellor 
of UMCP, a school that had its first 
Black graduate in 1954. 

Slaughter has been a somewhat 
controversial figure at College Park (wi th 

37 ,000 students, the seventh largest 
campus m the nation), though more for 
his politiCS than for his color. 

According to Ebony magazine, 
Slaughter last year barred a Playboy 
photographer from using campus 
bUildings and locations to pose nude 
female students in front of - to the 
displeasure of many students. Shortly 
thereafter, he issued an unpopular 
reprimand to Lefty Driesell, coach of the 
men's basketball team. Some people felt 
that the reprimand was not adequate. 

Slaughter'S appearance and speech, 
like the rest of the ceremony, were 
deSigned to give the graduates a positive 
outlook towards the future, Gray said . 

A detailed biography of Slaughter was 
featured in the Januaty 19B4 issue of 
Ebony. 

Awards for outstanding faculty, staff 
and student members were presented to 
Dr. Willie Brown of the Biology 
Department, Dr. Philip Rafael and Deml 
Ellis, respectively. Ellis was formerly the 
president of the Black Students Union. 

n[p)~ uc Clips UCC CCllnJP)~ UJCC CCll 
BERKELEY 

A new UC project will attempt to 
teach English literature through 
television . 

A grant of $102,000 from the ational 
Endowment for the Humanities will 
fund the work of the project team from 
UC Berkeley and Holy ames College in 
Oakland. 

Chaucer's tomb, castles holding 16th-
ce ntuty armor and a 3OO-year-old 
portrait of Queen Elizabeth I will be 
among England's landmarks filmed for 
the project later this year. 

The team will produce three television 
documentaries of the titans of EngYlsh 
literature - Shakespeare, Chaucer and 
Milton - aimed at lower-division 
college students and college-bound high 
school students. 

Hugh Richmond, professor of English, 
heads the project. A past winner of UC 
Berkeley'S Dislinguished Teaching 

Award , Richmond is known for his 
innovative courses on Shakespeare in 
which evety student performs in or 
helps produce a play. 

The first of the three 30-minute films 
should be completed by June, 1985. 

• • • 

SAN DIEGO 
Acetaminophen, an aspirtn substitute 

marketed under brand names such as 
Tylenol and Da tril , protects lining from 
the damaging effects of aspirin :md 
alcohol, physicians at the UCSD School 
of Medicine have shown. 

A recently published study showed a 
significant derrease in damage induced 
by aspirin and ethanol in subjects who 
fIrSt took acetaminophen. 

Results of tests done on five healthy 
volunteers showed that the damage 
caused by both ethanol and aspirin was 
significantly reducec\ by acetaminophen. 

It's the event you've all been waiting for! 
10th Annual Revelle College 

Watennelon Drop 
Monday, June 4th 

-Watermelon Queen applications due at Revelle Provost Office 
·Wednesday, June 6th-

-Watennelon Pageant 
Cast your ballot for your favorite Watermelon Queen candidate! 
7:00 pm in Why Not Here? (next to Revelle Cafeteria) 

-Friday, June 8th (THE day) 
-Watennelon Drop Parade 

Marvel at the driving feats of the UCSD Precision Golf Can Drill 
Team. Starting at 11:30 a .m . at location TBA. 

- Watennelon Drop 
12:00 noon , Urey Hall (Be There!) 

-Free Watermelon will be served on Revelle Plaza following the drop 
SPONSORED BY REVELLE PROGRA.\1MING BOARD 



4 june 4, 1984 
OPINION ~ ~ .~ .:.,..,. '.' • ' •• "" ..... ~... ... v;.., ...... ~ •• 'o;..:-! .... ,~~, • I .. ..~,.",..., .x .. ~. 'o'. 

il~frfr®lf~nce;frfr~IT'~ll®\tfrce;lf~ll<efr\t~lf~ll~\t\t®lf~ll®frfr®lf~ll®fr\t®IT'~ ~®ilit®lf~llcefr\t®IT'~llce\tfr( 
fr~IT'~lettersllcefrfr<elf~ll®frfr~lf~ll®frfr®lf~ll®;frfrcelf~llcefr\t®lf~ll®fr,fr~If~ll<ewceIT'~n®frfr~IT'~ 
If~llcefrfr®IT'~ll~frfrceIf~ll®~fr®If~ll®ttttcerr~n®tttt®IT'~ll~tt\t®rr~ll®\ttt®llf~ncefrfr®IT'~ll®ttfrcelf~ll(f 

ll®frtt®If~ll®ttfr®IT'~ll<.ettttceIf~llce\t\t®lf~n®fr1t®rr~n®ttfr®rr~ll®ttfr®IT'~n®tttt®rr~ll®tttt®rr~ll®frfr( 
Cricket and 
Oppression 

Based on "Standmg around and 
001l1g NOlh1l1g " m last Thursday'S 
Sports seCllon. 
Editor. 

If one asked an American 
what the most popular spon in 
the world is, it is quite likely he 
would answer war. But if one 
asked him to name the second 
most popular sport in the world, 
the chances are incalculably 
against his replying oppression . 
Yet oppression it is. 

While well known in America, 
oppression is exhibited 
everywhere me English language 
is spoken, even in Australia. 
Wherever the British Empire has 
fallen will be the specter of 
colonialism with its 
charactenstic, not so manicured , 
curse of underdevelopment, 
densely populated by green-
fatigued soldiers: Afnca, the West 
Indies , South America, India, 
AsIa, Canada, the Pacific, and 
unless they have nothing worth 
explOiting, probably Antarctica 
too. 

Although it resembles Cricket, 
as far as one clubs a head then 
runs , it possesses an ethic of its 
own. Oppression IS much older 
than cricket, having been played 
in a primitive form since the 
dawn of man. Excessive age will 
lend a medium of sophistication 
to anything, and produce a care 
with which it is handled . With 
this in mind the heirs of British 
(and French, Spanish , etc .) 
imperialism will don uniforms 
(or death squad masks), place 
themselves in a beautiful 
marketplace, and spend long 
summer afternoons shooting at 
anything that moves, while still 
calling it sport, From this they 
take leisurely breaks to tuck into 
extravagant luncheons and teas. 

The reason they are afforded 
the opportunity for inactivity is 
that in oppression totally 
destroying the society is not 
necessarily a desirable goal. The 
soldier's duty is to protect the 
wicket (status quo) which is 
made up of three "stumps": the 
state bureaucracies, the national 
bourgeoise, and transnational 
corporations. The people of the 
country try to uproot the wicket. 
I f it looks like they will succeed , 
the soldiers bat them away. Even 
when the soldiers hit the people , 
the point is only to deflect them, 
not to send all of them IOto the 
netherworld . Of course, if the 
necessIty arises, the soldi ers will 
kiU a great number of people 111 
order to protect the wicket. 
Indeed , before the people uproot 
a stump, twO or three hundred 
thousand may die . A major 
match can take twenty years (or 
thirty) . 

One can see how this kind of 
activity might appeal to so many 
people around the world . The 
ruling classes stand about on 
their lawns while their 
intellectual apologiStS do the 
work. 

And it is an extraordinarily 
fertile field for apologists. If one 
tries to nnd a book in English 
(or any other language) justifying 
oppression and imperialism one 
will fail; which is Just as well, 
because if anyone tries to justify 
oppression or imperialism, he 

will fail ; evelyone has so far, But 
it is not for lack of rrying. 

There are several anthologies 
on the market devoted 
exclUSively to Just such an 
attempt. The names running 
through these collections are 
many, from the participants in 
the Melean dialogue to 
Sepulveda, from Kipling to 
Kissinger. One of the American 
Broadcastmg Company's favorite 
guests, William F. Buckley, is 
mcluded extensively in any 
collection in the defense of 
oppression . 

Why should oppression be 
such an inspiration for puerile 
conservatives? Oppression is the 
game of the human age , the all 
toO real tournament of the elite's 
world . It is a sport based in 
relations of class, race and 
gender rather than in nature, In 
the nuclear age. however, the 
ultimate marriage of man and 
nature looms menacingly above, 
P.G. Wodehouse wntes with a 
certalO spiritual equanimity 
because he writes of an idyllic 
world which never existed, 
which he created for people 
depressed about the oppressIOn 
of the real world to escape for a 
moment. Were he to describe 
the world which in fact he 
inhabits, he would probably be 
moved to compose something 
like this: 
The fire in Hell was beaming; 
The wind caught not any breath; 
The Tommies were loaded and 
gleaming, 
As they put the Hindus to dealh . 
The ladies raggedly requite 
Sat 'round agog al the mess 
For whom would feed them that 
night? 
The British, who felt no distress? 

Of course some people take 
their oppression seriously, and 
in riots and rebellions one will 
see police and soldiers with 
helmets and plexiglass 
faceguards . The machinations of 
oppressive regimes sometimes 
cause scandals that reach the 
covers of Britain's great dailies , 
for the sport is as big a bus1l1ess 
as any. But this is frowned upon, 
and will be as long as oppression 
is lived , whether on lawns in 
Surrey or Kent, in the midst of 
the apartheid South African 
jungles, under the shadows of 
Indian temples , on wolf-infested 
Canadian plains or Antarctic ice 
fields painted red . On UCSD's 
lawns? Perhaps. It happens every 
day. 

Mr, Papp can have his cricket. 
It IS 1I1deed unfo rtunate for those 
of us here at UCSD that he did 
not go to Cambridge . As for us, 
we'll take baseball , the national 
sport of Cuba, icaragua and, for 
all its faults, the United States, 

Matthew J. Cronin 
Peter E. Radcliff )(( 

Chris Rocco 

Editor's note: The wmers of this 
letter have done an admirable 
thing. It takes little talent, and at 
least a complete absence of 
intelligence, to replace one 
particular word with another 
particular word all the way 
through , but it does take 
persistence, and that is a 

commendable quality. They even 
wrote the article, m their version, 
all out again, and although our 
typesetter wishes they had typed 
it, this, toO, is impressive. 

I must admit that I never 
realized the moral implications 
of writing an article on cricket. 
Had I realized that I was c reating 
a politlcal allegory, and that 
evel), time I used cncket I really 
meant oppression. I should not 
have taken on the job with such 
enthusiasm. Had it been clear to 
me that the Sports section of The 
Guardian is more politically 
charged than the News and 
Opinion sections. I should have 
kept lVell out of it. 

But the damage is done. 1 
have written an article about the 
sport of a commonwealth so 
oppressive that one of its 
members, New Zealand , 
established women's suffrage in 
1893; another, Australia, in 1901; 
and another, Great Britain itself, 
in 1918, finally prompting the 
United States to do it in 1920. It 
is the spon of a country, Great 
Britain, with a soul so dark that 
by 1772 any slave setting foot in 
it was immediately freed and 
that by 1833 it passed a bill 
abolishi ng slavery in its colonies, 
In the United States , a 
constitutional amendment for the 
abolition of slavery finally 
occurred in 1865, 

But the British raj has not 
been with us for so many, many 
years that perhaps our writers 
are thinking of more modem 
crimes. Perhaps they are 
thinking of the Falkland Islands 
war, where Britain freed a group 
of people who, in spite of haVing 
chosen which government they 
wished to live under, were 
invaded by another, a military 
dictatorship whose internal 
antagonists routinely 
"d isappeared ." Perhaps this is 
Great Britain's latest oppression, 

America's sport of supporting 
right-wing dictatorships; Cuba's 
sport of sending its merchants 
and merchandise of death 
abroad (it is all right for the 
innocents to be slaughtered in a 
good cause), and of not even 

allowing its people the basic 
freedom of seeking freedom 
elsewhere; and Nicaragua's sport 
of the genocide of Indians (with 
baseball bats? No, not efficient 
enough): these are wholesome 
recreations. 

As for P.G Wodehouse being 
frivolous in the face of 
oppression, you are right. When 
Great Britain was trying to stem 
the Nazi tide in Europe, with 
only the lukewarm interest of the 
United States, P.G. Wodehouse 
got caught in that tide. Nearly 
siXty years old, he was thrown 
into a Nazi prison, a converted 
lunatic asylum, where by the 
time of his release he had lost 42 
pounds. In spite of constant 
hunger he managed to write, 
while he was there, another of 
the humorous novels for which 
he is so well liked. Perhaps our 
letter-writers would consider this 
cowardice or ignorance: I have 
always thought of it as courage. 

But this is off the point, I had 
not intended to talk about 
politics, and in the future, when 
the thought of writi ng about the 
javelin or discus occurs to me , I 
shall be restrained: not because I 
know nothing about the sPOrtS, 
but because the crimes of the 
ancient Greeks and Romans will 
be heaped upon my head , and I 
cannot bear the weight. 

How should we settle our 
dispute? Should I challenge my 
detractors to a game, a card 
game, perhaps? No, that would 
be unfair, because I am not 
convinced any of them is playing 
with a full deck. They may have 
been just trying to bait me, 
however, and by my reply 
anyone can see that they must 
be master baiters. 

Again, we must admire them, 
for (hey have accomplished three 
things: (a) pOinting out that 
oppression is a very bad thing; 
(b) pointing out that James Ralph 
Papp is a very bad man, because 
he thinks cricket (viz., 
oppression), is good thing; and 
(c) raising my estimation of the 
number of raving loonies in this 
world by three , 

-JRP 

Vote early and often 
By MARK FORDHAM 

Tomorrow, Tuesday, june 5, is 
Election Day. Polls are open from 
7 am to 8 pm, Polling places are 
located in the neighborhood of 
your residence. For those living 
on-campus, polls are located at 
the Muir Apanment Lounge and 
the Revelle Informal Lounge; for 
those living off-campus, the 
location of your polling place can 
be found on the sample ballot 
you receive in the mall if you are 
a registered voter. 

Students traditionally have the 
worst voti ng turnout of any age 
group. As a result, student 
concerns are not addressed in 
the political process. Kim Paulis, 
CaIPIRG chairman says, "The 
student turnOul in lhis election 
will determine the degree to 
which issues about which 
stude nts are concerned are 
addressed in the remaining 
months before the November 
election." 

Registered Democrats and 
Republicans will be voting in 
those parties' pri maries to 
determi ne who will run on each 

party's ticket in November. In 
addition , four bond acts, four 
legislative Constitutional 
amendments and an initiative 
statute will be decided. A San 
Diego mayor will also be chosen . 

Who should you vote for and 
how should YOLl vote on the 
various initiatives? That's up to 
you - read lhe newspaper, 
watch the news, listen to what 
the candidates have to say. 

Voting IS a right and a 
privelage, and a responsibIlity 
that we, as Americans , won over 
tWO hundred years ago. A 
democracy cannot survive when 
less than 30% of eligible vOters 
are participating in the 
established decision-making 
process , which happened in the 
1980 presidential election, The 
input and choices of each 
individual are necessary to 
insure that responSive officials 
are chosen and equitable laws 
are established. Voting does not 
take long and is an Integral part 
of the democratic process - so 
VOTE. 

Editor 
Tim August 

Managing Editor 
Phil Lauder 

Copy Editor 
Joe Desiderio 

Opinion Editor 
james Ralph Papp 

News Editor 
Lisa Lapin 

Contributing News Editors 
Steven R. Friedman 

Sean Wagstaff 
Phil Willon 

Arts Editor 
Andrew Keelcr 

Associate Arts Editor 
John Nee 

. Spons Editor 
Jeff Savilge 

Features Editor 
Christopher Canole 

Photo Editor 
Rich Pccjak 

General Manager 
Ch ris Milke 

Associate General Managers 
Linda lewis 

Valerie McMullin 

Photographers 
Rob Friedenthal 
Mark johnson 

Illustrators 
John Ashlee 

Steve Kloepfer 

Typesetters 
joe Desiderio 
Anggie Lapid 
Phil Lauder 

Andy Laurence 

Production 
Paul Farwell 

Rob Friedenthal 
Lizz Fuller 
Kelley Neal 

Karla Spencer 

Staff Writers 
Lance Bernard , Ethan Feerst, 

David Fleminger, Robert Geyer, 
Jackie Gladfelter, Kim Haddad, 

Christina Kaus, Sergio Klier, 
Robert Leone, Michael Partos, 

Julie Richter, Dena Rosen, Sharon 
Sogomian, Yen Taylor. 

The UCSD Guardian is 
published Mondays and 
Thursdays during the academic 
year by students at UCSD. Views 
expresSl'd in the Guardian do not 
represent the views of the Regents 
of the UniverSIty of California or 
the Associated Students of UCSD. 
All un-initialled editorials 
represent the views of the erttire 
ed itorial. board of the Guardian; 
initialled editorials represe nt 
minority opinions of the editOrial 
board. Reproduction, publication, 
or any LIse withOllt permission of 
any portion 01 thi:. newspaper 
without prior notification IS strictly 
prohibited, 

Tht.: Gltardian welcomc3 signed 
bters and commentary as outlined 
in the Opinion sec tion ; however, 
we are not responsible for 
unsolicited manuscripts or art, 

Our office IS located sOl.. theast of 
the Revelle Provost Office next 
uoor to tht.: C he Cale on the UCSD 
campus. The Business Office is 
open from \) am to noon and 1 pm 
to '5 pm Monday through Friday. 

Subscri ptions arc available and 
Will be mailed n rst class for $15 per 
quarter. 

The UCSD Guardian 
UCSD, B-016 

La Jolla , California 92093 
(619) "52-3 .. 66 

~ The Duelist 

Fight to the death 
By CHRISTOPHER CANOLE 

On a grey, foggy-morning moor, two 
silvery swords, nervously extended in 
the hands of white-clad adversaries, 
pierced the mist, advancing cautiously. 
A black and white argument over 
politics, religion or philosophy the night 
before heated to such an intenSity, one 
man sparked a challenge to settle the 
dispute with a duel , not to the white of 
victory and black of death, but to one 
crimson drop of blood. 

Duels were fought to first blood 
because although two gentlemen were 
momentary adversaries, they might one 
day need each other in a larger battle. If 
every local dispute resulted in the death 
of one individual, the larger country 
would eventually become so weakened 
as to easily fall from either an outside 
attack or extensive wounds of years of 
internal battles. 

To guard against unfair 
confrontations, no gentlemen were 
allowed to challenge or accept a duel 
unless they were officers of equal rank. 
And if one duelist intentionally slew his 
opponent when he could have easily 
controlled his attack and made his 
point on target, he was considered in 
disgra e by both hIS opponents and 
friends . In Napoleon's imperial wars, 
one such duelist, Lieutenant Feraud, 
prided himself in his ability to duel, 
provoking such duels claiming to be a 
devil 's advocate. 

During the past year at UCSD many 
Ferauds challenged high offiCials, their 
officers, opposing organizations and . 
even innocent bystanders to duels , not 

according to an honorable code, but for 
the mindless pleasure of destroYing 
these opponents for their own 
satisfaction. 

In Feraud's time dueling had 
degenerated to a level similar to the 
condition here at UCSD. Joseph 
Conrad's short story "The Duel" 
described the outcome of one such duel, 
between Feraud and a Lieutenant 
DHuben: 

A duel, whether regarded as a ceremony 
in the cult of honor, or a manly sport, 
derl'Ulnds a perfect singleness of intenl and 
auSterity of mood. The dueling courage, the 
single combat, is supposed to be a courage 
of a special sort. if true courage consists in 
going out to meet an odious danger from 
whkh our body, soul and heart recoil 
together. /jeut. O'Hubert had the 
opportunity 10 practice il for the first lime 
in his life, 

They crossed blades seven times. Both 
had many cuts which bled profusely, Both 
refused to hallC their combat stopped, time 
after time, with what appeared the most 
deadly animosity, Feraud crouched and 
bounded with a fierce tigerish agility fit to 
trouble the stoutest heart. He meant it with 
an intenSity of will utterly beyond the 
inferior faculties of a tiger. At last, 
dishevelled, their sllirts in rags covered With 
gore and hardly abe to stand, they were led 
away forcibly by their marvelling and 
hOrrified seconds. 

Such would be an accurate 
description for the verbal and written 
battles I have both wimessed, and 

please turn to page 10 

CommentarY-

The Hollywood saint 
By DAVE HYNDMAN 

Memorial Day weekend has always 
had a special place in my heart. It's the 
time when you pause to observe that 
summer is almost here. It's a chance to 
stop and meditate over the fact that 
finals are only tWO weeks away. Oh, 
what a nice thing for Congress to do, to 
give us a three-day weekend at this 
crucial part of the year. They must have 
been thinking of students when they 
started this . Or so I used to think. 

This year, however, Memorial Day is a 
bit more solemn than usual. Americans 
StOP to remember the young men who 
bravely gave their lives in defense of our 
country. In World War I, World War n, 
Korea and Vietnam these young 
Americans died for their country. This 
year, they are finally entombing the 
remains of an unidentifiable soldier 
from Vietnam at the tomb of the 
unknown soldier, 

Thousands of patriotic ci tizens gather 
at Arlington National Cemetary as 
President Reagan presents the medal of 
honor to the deceased GI. After.vards, 
Mr. Reagan is given the American flag 
that was draped over the casket as the 
official next of kin . He gives an 
extremely touching speech about bravery 
and country and mom's apple pIe that 
makes Republicans and Democrats alike 
shed a silent tear. When the President, 
himself, nearly begms crying as he 
speaks, it is hard not to love the man. 

There is another reason why this year 
is a bit more sober than usual. For the 
first time in quite a while, American 
soldiers have been killed m combat. 

Many people will be praying for those 
boys who died m Beirut. It is almost tOO 
bad that they were able to identify all of 
the bodies, JUSt imagine, they could go 
through the whole ceremony again at 
Arlington, and Mr. Reagan could give 
al1(){her one of hiS great speeches about 
patriotism. just think of all those fearless 
young American boys who bravely got 
blown up in their sleep at the Beirut 
Airport so that our country would be 
safe from tyranny. 1 suppose if you have 
to die, it is pretty good to die for your 
country. Freedom is our most prized 
possession, and everyone should be 
willing to fight to the death to preserve 
it. Such an honoroable way to die . 

Think of all those guys in Vietnam. 
They were sent halfway around the 
world to fight in :.mgles and swamps to 
stamp out the spread of communism so 
that I could sleep securely at night. I am 
certain that it did not matter that they 
were forced to go under threat of 
incarceration. I bet that any brave young 
American boy would gladly fight 
guerrillas, and even give his life , if it 
were necessary for the safety of our 
country. It makes one proud to be an 
American. To stop and think of these 
things is what Memorial Day is all about , 

I think that something else should be 
done on thiS day. Memorial Day began 
back in a time when our country was on 
top, and we were always the good guys. 
The soldiers who died in the twO world 
wars at least believed they were dying 
for a· good cause. Times, however, have 

please (urn 10 page 10 

r-----..,..-W1N $150-----, 
ID 

flEE TEXTBOOKS 
from the 

UCSD BOORSTORE 
Who May Enter? 

Any student who has a current photo-I.0, card and will 
be returning for Fall '84. 

What will you wtn? 

Why? 

Where? 

When? 

How? 

A non -transferrable prize of $150 worth of textbooks 
from the UCSO campus bookstore, 

Due to a manufacturer's flaw. an UCSD 1.0. cards issued 
to date must be re-made. This contest is designed to 
encourage you to have your photo-I.D. retaken NOW to 
avoid long lines in the Fall. and possible inconvenience 
in obtaining other services, 

Quonset 324, Warren Campus, on Russell Driw. east 
of the Cashier's office. 

Tuesday. May 29. through Friday. June 8. from 9:00 am 
to 3:30 pm, 

No walting or charge is anticipated if you BRING YOUR 
ORIGINAl. PHOTO-1.0. CARD. Your photo will be retaken 
and your original card given back to you. When you pay 
your Fall '84 fees. you will be given your new cards at the 
tent near the Cashier'S Office. 

The winner's name will be drawn from only those participants in 
this specially-advertised session. and her/his fee-paid status will be 
verified by the Cashier's office prior to awarding the prize. If the first 
winner is disqualified. another will be chosen; every attempt will be 
made to notifY the winner during the week of September 3. 1984, 



6 JIIII< -l, !<lIN 
OPINION 

- ~,.. '~~ ,>:~.~~~-",,:~, ~ • • • v • 

'Twas the night 
before 'The Guardian' 

By JEFF SAVAGE 
The students worked hard , and a night they have earned 
For the day they have lived for the lore they have learned: 
No more tasks to be done, no more games to be played, 
A look back to the day to which farewell they bade 
And they know they shall tire , they know they shall sleep, 
For they've seen the mom ofTer the mead they shall reap, 
For the night is so deep it doth have a great stir 
At the head of the campus of which they are sure , 
Shooting and cutting and sizing the type: 
The day has grown rotten, but the night is now ripe. 
There's hustle, there's bustle, there's SWeat front and back 
All for The Guardian placed on the rack; 
The workers combined, they form a quanet 
One driver, three slaves, on which you can bet. 
Together they labor with flats all fourteen 
With oh, great suppOrt on each other they lean. 
The driver he types, runs out copy, he screams; 
The copy has fouled - dark leaked light on it gleams. 
He curses the processor, so squalid , so coarse; 
Lung top his voice climbs until he is hoarse. 
He settles back down, goes back to his chair 
And typesets away witl1 dextenty and flair 

• " - ~a:~ '" ... . _...;.=...,;;:.-.,~'''''' j,,~~ -=r;--..a.~~';"-;l_~,::.~.~ 
r" ;..7 ~.-- , , -

This isn't uncommon, this isn't so queer, 
The wrath of the dnver the machmes he doth sear, 
But once he shall shudder WIth such a great quake, 
His misery will halt, for his nerves they shall break. 
Very close by in a room with a door 
Productlon takes place wlth toil much more: 
The slaves they are here - over tables they lean 
Where transparent flats rest through which a hght beams. 
There is not much else. These flats their lone chore, 
The flats must get done ere tht:, leave through the door. 
They wax the backsides of the copy and an, 
Then cut with a razor, shaping up every pan; 
They lay down the photos, they lay down the type, 
With everything fastened and straight as a pipe , 
Then Windows and kickers and headlines and cuts: 
They must go down , no ifs ands or buts. 
The process IS slow, but the war is well fought, 
For the tasks are assumed by an mdustrlous lot. 
When every flat's done, then the dnver inspects 
He searches for pans not conformIng to specs, 
And soon he discovers that thmgs aren 't yet fine 
The driver, he screams, "You missed a hairline!" 

caught in a Bind? 
" p 

Kinko's is there 
for that last 
minute copy job. 

8855 Villa La Jolla Dr. 
(Ralphs/Sav-On Shopping Center) 

M-Th.8-8 
Fri. 8-6 
Sat. 10-5 
Sun. 12-5 

ConlnlentalY--

The dangers of 
the nuclear frenzy 
By DAVID WOLF 

After reading the anicle by jessica 
Chappell (,"The nuclear war and modem 
memory") in the May 31 edition of The 
Guardian, I was both amused and 
concerned by the point of view taken by 
Miss Chappell on the results of her 
informal survey. Her point of view is 
distressingly one-sided, and so the other 
side will be presel)ted here. 

The solution to being uninformed , we 
are told , is to "learn the specifics of the 
problem" and then get "really scared, 
really angry" before we cry to solve the 
problem. What I question is not that the 
situation is frightening to those of us 
who do know the facts , but that rational , 
intelligent solutions to the problem can 
be discovered by people who are made 
irrational by the anger and the fear. If 
one were to work oneself into a frenzy 
of terror by imagining in viVid detail 
what would happen when the bombs 
fell , the mind would search for hope, for 
any way out of the terror. Thus we seek 
any solution, bad or good , to the 
problem. 

It is thi s same emotion-distorted logic 
that makes people talk ahout a nuclear 
freeze. The "freeze" may be a way Out of 
the presem situation , but it is not th e 
best. Miss Chappell leads us to beiteve 
that a bilateral nu lear freeze can work , 
hccause we can in fact verify the 

complia~e of the Soviet Union. I wish 
she woule! reveal her sources and tell us 
how she IS convmced of foolproof 
ve nfiability when neither the State 
Depanmem, the Department of Defense, 
the Congress nor the Central 
Imelligence Agency are , and when the 
Arms Control and Disarmament Agency 
says that on-Sight inspection is the only 
real means to Insure compliance. 

Spies, the thi rd "S" of the verification 
tnad (satellites and seismic detectors 
and spIes) is the proposed solution to 
on-sight inspection. If whoever 
proposed this system had any 
understanding of espionage or the 
Soviet bureaucracy, he would not have 
given the idea of a second thought. In 

his book KGB: The secret Work oj Soviet 
Secret Agents, former intelligence ofTicer 
and magazine editor john Barron 
describes a country that is so 
departmentauized that twO departments 
of the same agency could be working on 
the project without knowing it. Not even 
the heads of the department know, and 
no records are kept on paper. 

It is not possible for the United States 
intelligence community to place spies in 
every department in which a nuclear 
weapon is liable to be built or 
developed, nor could one single spy 
cover all operations, or even more than 
one. Spying is dangerous, and in the 
closed Soviet society where even travel 
between cities requires a visa, it is not 
as easy or as simple as some might 
think. james Bond is showbiz, nOt 
espionage. 

An equaUy preposterous thought is 
thaI of having spies report the 
installation of new weapons as on-sight 
verifiers. There are so many missile 
SIgh ts in the Soviet Union that to 
infiltrate that many would be impossible 
for spies. 

Departing from espionage on the 
human level , satellites that read license 
plates on ars above ground are till 
useless in detecting missiles concealed 
underground. Pretty tricky. huh) All the 
Soviets have to do IS hide the missiles 
and we have now way of verifying how 
well they are complyi ng to a freeze or a 
reduction agreement. And seismic 
detectors are great for picking up test 
explosions, but absolutely no help at all 
in counting missiles. 

Altogether it seems clear that Miss 
Chappell is an angry woman, angry that 
we run the risk of nuclear war, in her 
words, "three to four times daily," and 
afraid that some bozo General at 
NORAD is going to trust his computer 
and zap the world out of existence for 
one nock of birds nesting on the radar 
antenna. I mean no offense , because I 
am scared, too. The difference is , I look 

please I u m to page 10 

WHAT'S THE 
DlffERENCEl 
The diffe~ce: A Written 

Gun".. We have Rudent 
disc9\Jllts, arid ewninl boorS, 
~1.I5t like many other shops, But, 

unlike others, we back up all ~r 
work in writing. If. after we've cut, 

permed, or colored your hair, )'()u're 
not completely hilPPY, call U5 within 

seven days. We'll redo your hair at no 
extra charge, That's a big difference, 

9AM to 9PM Mon. • Tues. • Wed . • Thurs. 
9AM 10 7PM Fri . • 9AM to 6PM Sat. 

La Jolla Village Convenience Center 
Next to Ralphs and Sav-On 

457·3334 

( 

Cover StorY-

US meets Mexico at UCSD and Kentucky. respectively The Center for U')-Mexlcan Studies has a unique disadvJntage when compared to other research programs on campus. Because It strives to be apolltlcal, 
the Center wlll not accept money from the US 
government. InsteJd, it must raise It through pnvate 
donations. By PHIL WILI:-ON I na time of politIcal and economic confusion between the Untted States and its neighbor south of the border, the UCSD Ce nter for US-Mexican 

Studies is leadi ng the way to new understanding. 
I:vidence of its important role occurred last week when 
the Center received more than $1 million in new 
grants. 

1 he mone)' will help support the Cemer's research, 
publica nons, student mllnIng, and publIc service 
acuvmes from now unnl L 987. rhe twO blgge>t 
contnbutors were the Wilham and nora Ilcwlett 
Foundattc'n with ~450.000 and the Ford Foundation 
w1th $448,000. The grant by the Hewlett Foundauon IS 
the largest it has ever made in the fteld of the US-
Mexican relatIons. 

"We at UCSD arc tremendously proud to have the 
Center for US-l\ lexlca n Studies on our campus," saId 
Dr. Harold Ticho, vice-c hancellor of academic affairs. 
"It is not only a scholarly enterprise of very high 
quahty, it also gives us an opportunity to meet an 
important social responsibility for San Diego, the State 
of California and the nation as a whole." 

The Center is the largest and most comprehensive 
program anywhere in the area of US-Mexican relations, 
and with the recent grants, it has become economically 
superior in the field of Latin American studies as well . 

The topics studied at the research center range from 
the impact of MeXIcan tmrnigration (both legal and 
illegal) on the US to the consequences of MeXICO's Oil 
boom. Dr. Wayne Cornelius, director of the Cemer, 
stressed the fact that the Center is interested in all 
facets of rclattons between the countries, and even 
though they have a large program stud yi ng megal 
aliens, they "don't want to become identified as 'the 
Immlgratton Center,'" said Cornehus. 

More than 25 visIting researchers come to the 
Center every year, usually staying for three to 12 
months. Scholars this year have come from Mexico, the 
US, Canada and Australia, all of diem involved in a full 
range of issues that affect relations between Mexico 
and the US as well as Mexico's own history and 
developmental problems. Since the summer of 1980, 
when the Center first originated, more than half of the 
visiting researchers have come from institutions in 
Mexico. Several of these researchers have recently held 
significant Mexican governmental positiOns. Included 
are Gustavo Cabrera, former director of Mexico's 
National Population Council, and Carlos Tello, former 
secretary of Budget and Progamming and former 
Director General of the Banco de Mexico. 

Even though the Center for US-Mexican Studies is 
relatively unknown here in San Diego, scholars in 
Mexico regard it as "the place to be" for anyone 
involved in the field . ' Our real problem is that we 
cannot accommodate everybody from Mexico who 
would like to come here," said Cornelius, who would 
like to see his program grow. "It's gratifying that they 
want to come, but it's also very frustrating." 

Because of a generous endo~eru from the Gildred 
Foundation of Solana Beach, US-Mexican Studies will 
be moving into tht new building now being 
constructed north of Third College. While the move 
will get them out of the old Warren bungalows and 
into a permanent stmcture, they will be forced to share 

the facility WIth the Institute of the Americas, the 
Center for Latin Amcncan StudIes and the Center for 
Iberian and Latin American Studies ThiS may be 
advantageous in cross-departmental research ventures 
but will give the US-Mexican Center less room than It 
currently occupies, and this doesn't help a program 
that is trytng to ex pand. There is a posslblltry that 
another building will be constructed, but fundtng WIll 
have to come from the pnvate -"ector once agatn ,l~ the 
UniversIty refuses to suppl, any mone) 

The grants an nounCl'd last week Will cnahle the 
Center to not only continue and strengthen the 
progams begun 111 the last four years, but also to 
develop new programs that will add a comparattve 
dimenSion beyond MeXICO and the US. An example IS 
the project on "Development Strategies and EconomiC 
Instirutions tn Lati n America and East Asia: a 
Comparative Study." Such projects will enable the 
Center and the UniverSi ty to attract top scholars and 
non-academic experts who are not just specialists on 
Mexico but are also authorities on other countries in 
Latin America and portions of the Pacific BaSin . 

The Center is currently in the second year of a 
three-year research project analyzing the US 
government's attempts to regulate the use of Mexican 
labor in California. This project is of major importance 
to this state because California accommodates more 
than half of the Mexican immigrants (both legal and 
illegal) that now into the country, San Diego betng the 
principle gateway_ 

Thus far, says project director Cornelius, they can 
find little benefit to CalIfornia tn limiting the number 
of immigrants coming II1to the state, especially the 
recent crackdown on illegal immigrants. 

"I don't thll1k it's economically sound , I don't think 
it's politically sound, and I don't think it's morally 
sound," said Professor Maria Patricia Fernandez-Kelly, 
an economic anthropologiSt who is also involved in 
the binational study. "There has not been one instance 
in history wnere a country trying to limit immigration 
has succeded." 

In fact, the study has found that there are important 
sectors of the S\lIte's economy that depend on that 
labor force . As for the jobs held by illegal immigrants, 
the study said, "US-born workers may continue to 
refuse some kinds of low-status, low-paying jobs under 
any circumstances_ Certain jobs will probably require a 
continuing inflow of immigrant labor." 

A bill now in front of Congress, crucial to the illegal 
alien issue, is the Simpson-Mazzoli bill. The thrust of 
this legislation is to "regain control over our bo'rders" 
with its goal being to create more jobs for US-born 
workers. 

According to several researche~ studying the issue, 
the bill would be counter-productive. 

"The Simpson-Mazzo!i bill approach is a 
prescription for further degradation of labor standards 
in the United StateS_ It cannot pOSSibly have the effect, 
claimed by its advocates, of improving wages and 
working conditions in sectors where labor standards 
may have been depressed by the presence of foreign 
labor," claims Cornelius, who added that the bill is 
more of a political maneuver that anything else. 
Congressmen Simpson and Mazzoli are from Montana 

lATER: The $1 mIllion in donations will enable the Center to m~e mco the Institute oj the Americas. NOW: 

"We like to represent neutral turf," saId one 
researcher. The Center feels any lies It would have to 
the US government would hll1der ItS objectiVity and 
lTCdlbllity. This policy helps recruit qualified faculty 
because they don't have to worry about any political 
reprIsals If they go back to MeXICO. 

Because of thiS pnittilal freedom , the Center's 
rest:arch staff IS made up of people of all walks of life 
- Sllme are .\iarxbts . some lIberals, some 
conservatives, others Lome from the vartOUS poll!lcal 

per5lW~lon5 that exist in Mextl.O. 'People feel 
comkmable nt:cause they kno\\ their Ideas WIll be 
rt:spected , ' said Fernanda-Kelly 

The Umverslty as a whole benefits from thiS nch 
bank of faculty, many of them teachIng In (he Polltlcal 
Science or CommuOtcauons Departments. They also 
hold numerous colloqUIums on aU aspects of US-
Mexican relatIons, all open to the public . 

"We have developed qUite a program," said Dr. 
Stanley Chodorow, dean of Arts and Sciences, ·one of 
which this Ci ty can be proud ." 

US-Mexican 
Research Center 

awards grants 
Each year the Center for US-Mexican Studies 

awards up to two Undergraduate Field Research 
Grants fo r students domg fieldwork in MeXICO or 
among Mexican immigrants in the United States, 
normally in preparation to write a senior honors 
thesis. 

UCSD students majoring in any of the social 
sciences, history, humanities or the pre-medical 
curric4lum can apply for these grants, which are 
expected to support twO or three months of data 
collection. Upon returning to the campus after their 
fieldwork, the grant recipients will present their 
findings at a special research colloquium to be held 
during the fall quarter. 

The Center for US-Mexican Studies has 
announced the award of 1984-85 Undergraduate 
Research Grants to the following UCSD students: 

Teresa Colby, senior in political scie nce. Her 
grant will enable her to conduct field research for 
her senior thesis on "Pohtical Activity in Squatter 
Settlements of Tijuana." 
Reuben Granich, junior in biochemistry. He 
plans to study medicine. 
James Rosberg, senior in biology and political 
science. Rosberg and Granich will use their 
research grant to do a joint study of health care-
seeking behavior in a Mexican village located 
south of Michoacan. 

The center IS currently· housed ttl thIS buddIng on Warren campus. 



8 jllnt'~ , 198q 

Recreation 
1lJESDAY 

* 
7:00 pm - Celebrate the end of the school 
by taking <V1 introduao!}' sailplane filght 
UCSD Soanng Club offers year-round instrualon 
<V1d summer IS the best time to learn. Anend a 
meeting or call Alan at 566-7405 for informa[lon. 
In the Student Center upper lounge. 
SATURDAY 

- Masquerade Ball - Masked Ball. wltn 3 
bands/string quartet performance. dance. 
partldpatOl}' art - conceptual art. film poetry -
everythng under the sun, In the ree. gym, 

* 

Academic SeNices 
TUESDAY-FRIDAY 
8:JO am-4:00 pm - Finals Prep PAL 
Conferences - Do you feel confident about your 
finals? Do you know wnat to study and how to 
learn for total recall? Can you write a suong 
answer to essay questions? Do you know how to 
score high on multiple choice and true or false 
questions? Do you budget your test time? If you 
answered "No" to any of these questions. 
schedule a PAL conference and learn how to do 
your best on exams. Sponsored tfy the OASIS 
Reading & S~ Skills Center, In USB 4010. 
81)0 am-41OO pm - OASIS Writing Center 
offers free service for all UCSD students wtlo need 
pre-writing help. conferences on drafts. and 
editing advice. We engage arTy kind of writing and 
any kJnd of writing problem, Conferences are by 
appointment only, E\Ier1lng appointments are now 
also available in OASIS Third Place at Third College, 
(For tI1e full range of ServiCes see back or Fall 
Schedule). Call 452-.2.284 or come tfy usa 4010 to 
make an ~pointment. This service is available 
ttlroughout the quarter, 
9100 am-41OO pm - Grammar Moses Hotline -
A grammar hotline pho~ln sl'f'lllce for help With 
dlaion. grammar and punctuation problems. To 
reach Grammar Moses. call 452-2284. Sponsored 
by the QASIS Writing Center. Setvice available 
tnroughout the quarter. 
11)0-4100 pm - Drop-In-Hours. For qUick 

questions pertaining to career planning. pb 
hunting. resume critiquelng etc. For more 
If1divldual attention sign-up or call 4 52-3750 for an 
appointment with <V1 advisor. In Career Planning 
Hll0sa. 
MONDAY 
101»11:. _ - Graduate School AcMsing, 
Planning on graduate school after UCSD7 After 
)'Ou attend a graduate advising seminar. drop-in to 
Career Services Center at this time and talk to an 
advisor for more specific or detailed information. In 
the Student Center Bldg. A 
II»ZIJO pm - Interviewing Skills Ulrlr~',hv 
Do you need help In prepanng for job i'r It"" ... """" 
Career ServiCes Center will provide tips on tI1e 
ways to present your qualificatlOf1s and wnat 
of interview questions to expect, In the 
Formal Lounge, 

- Mock Interview, Seeing and 
on videotape can help put tI1e 

on interviewing skills , 
Int,ervlewmQ Skills Worksop. Call 

Center 452-3750 to make an 
In HL 1058. 

am - The Language Program Levell 
program focuses on ttle thinking 

to successfully nandle the reading 
assigned in your courses. It IS 

those who want to perfect thei r 
l""OU,d(]~ skills, LP classes are taught tfy 

specialists and bilingual tutors. 
nr"'<t'f"lrf'd by the OASIS Reading & Writing 

USB 4010. 
I:JO am -IAW/MBAAcMsing, 14w or 

group advising hours for any 
CO~lcen'1il' 10 the application process br 

programs. ~ me Pre-
.aIII<'/MIark:lOement advisor on an informal 
No appointments necessal)'. but it is adIIisall~e 
call ftrst at 452~939 if open tlours are 
In the Student Cent~ Bldg. A. 
ZI)0-41OO pm - DrOJHn 
session for Pre-Medical and 
No appointlT1!!l'1t necessary. 
call first to confirm that the 
Sponsored tfy Career 
Sciences AdvisoIy 
Placement Center. 
4939, 

to 
be held. 

the Health 
Planning & 

Bldg, A 45.2-

Entertainment 
TUESDAY 

1f 
7100 pm - Frendl film: Les TrOIS Mousquetalres, 
An ORTF televiSIOn productIOn. starring Robert 
Hirsdl. Georges DesO'leres, Bernard Dheran and 
.Jean-Paul Belmondo, In Frendl. In Beagle Hall 
LDunge, 
7100 pm - You'lI never quit laugtung if you nang 
around the UCSD Soaring Club. Be sure to d1eck 
out our special mother-in-law rate for introduao!}' 
flights: halfway for half price. But =ious~. gIVe us 
a try. will ya? AbIOve the giIIlneroom in the Student 
Center. 

-

JICI .... iIOO pm - The OASIS GM (Grammar & 
Med1anics) Workshop is designed ror students 
wtlo would like to work on clarifying basic 
grammatical concepts and categories. and 
applying them in extensive. systematic s~ies ot 
practical exerases, An excrdse manual to be 
purdlasecl ~ the student will be used. All work 
will be completed in me context of ItIe workshop. 
In USB 30508. 
7100 pm - You can't study it you can't think. and 
you think bett~ after a fun iW1d et'JlOyab4e clay of 
flying in a sailplane, Let ItIe UCSD Soillfing Club 
snow you how to relax. I'olx:Ne the gameroom in 
the Student Cent~, 
WEDNISDAY 

~IOIOO _ - The OASIS GM (Gril/fnmar & 
Mechanicsl Workshop is designed klr students 
woo would like to work on clarifying basic 
gram mati car concepts and categories. and 
applying them in extensive. systematIC S~les of 
practical ex~cises. An exerdse manual to be 
purchased ~ the student WIll be used, All work 
will be co~eted in the context of me workshop. 
In USB40~. 
91JO-l11OO _ - Orop-In advising in open 
session for Pre-Medicai and Pre-Dental students, 
No ~ntment necessary. but It is advisable to 
call ftrst to confirm that the session will be held, 
Sponsored ~ Career Services Cent~. In the 
Student Center Bldg, A 452~939, 

-

11100 _IZzJO pm - Academic Writing In 
Spanish es una nueva actividad del Programa de 
Leguas de OASIS, 14 clase esta disenada para 
estudiantes de curses avanzados sub-graduados 

("upper~n"l que deseen ~ los 
elementos gramaticales. sintacticos. y retoricos del 
espanol con el fin de prcxlJdr trabajos academicos 
de calidacl. "Term-papers" asignados curses de 
espanoI seran tambien atendidos en este taller, In 
USB 4070, 
Zae..100 pm - Finding the Hidden Job Market. 
80% of all job vacandes are unadvertised, This 
Career ~rvices Workstlop will teach you a way to 
find out about them. In the Revelle Formal Lounge. 

~JzJO pm - Graduate A£Msing 5eminillf. 
Planning on graduate sd1ool? For information on 
application procedures. letters of recommendation 
statement or purposes <Vld admissions crit~ia. 
anend one of these seminars ~ sigljng up at 
Career Services Cent~. Student Cent~ Bldg. A or 
call 45.2~939, 
..... 5&10 pIII-Academic Writing in SpanIsh es 
Lf'Ia nueva actMdad del Programa de Leguas de 
OASIS. La (lase esta dlsenada para estldantes de 
curses avar"zados sub-graduados ("upper-
division") que deseen perfKcionil/f los elementos 
gr.naticales. sintacticos. y retoricos del espanal 
con eI fin de prcxlJdr trabajos academicos de 
calidad, "Term-papers" asignados CUISOS de 
espana! seriWl tambIen atenddos en este taller, In 
L6B405OB. 
lHUIIIDAY 
.. - Int~ested in ItIe health professions 7 .20 
minutes private appotntments for career planning 
iOIice for students nt~ested in health careers. 
Call in adviWlce for appointment. but no earli~ 
tnan one INM. Trursdi1y and Friday. Hea4th 
Sciences AdIiisOIy Progr.n 452~939. Sponsored 

~ career SelVices Cent~. In the Student Cent~ 
Bldg, A 
ZIJO-.I. pili - Resume Writing Workshop. 
L.eillfn OOw to write ., ~ resume. Stillft the 
process l1ere then hiM! your resume critiqued ~ a 
career Services Center AIMwr. A must rer on-
campus Intl'M~ng. In the ~ Formal 
lDunge. 
PRlMY 
ftOO. 1 0100 _ - The Language Progril/fn Levell 
& II - ThIs OASIS program focuses on ItIe ttlinking 
skills you need to successful~ handle ttle reading 
and writing tasks assigned in your courses, It Is 
desi!J)ed for ttlose wtlO want to ~ their 
English language skills, LP classes illfe taugtt ~ 
reading ana writing specialists <V1d bilir9JaI tutors. 
LP is presented ~ me OASIS Reading & Writlng 
Center, In USB 4()6()A. 

-

-Religious Functions 
MONDAY 
..... - Meeting of ft Chrisllan Sclence 
Orga1lzalon ~ SIUdrna dIsaJss how 1h!y 
hIIIe turned to God when seetmg 5OlItIonI to 
dally PlOIlIems, In ttl! Re\IeIIe InbmIIl.oIIr9. 
nllPMY 
7111 ..... -lire yw bulmledout711reyw 
IIw:Ier pressure elM! to fNIs] AIeaI -' T~ \MIl 
preent ~, .JotrI KiI~ INho will address u-
questions -' ~ more. Don't miss !he ~ 
AmerIcWI Cllrislian FellDwst1ipllhis is going to be 
!he last mMing or the 'jUI, In !he North Coni, Rm. 
...... DAY 
....... - I.UI:heran Sludl!nts host $upper iW1d 
BiDie s~, EYeryone Is~, In ft Loungeot 
me UlI>msIty Lutheran Crurch, 

.. 

Meetings 
lUGDAY, 
JIOO pm - The UCSO Soillfing dub is al~ and 
Ill!eU and Is planning on a fun summer ot flying. ThIs 
is an ideal time to stillft instrualon. We speciaHze In 
beginnersl 4'stairs In me Student Cent~, 

• 

-

SAn.DAY 
.... ,.. - UChoIic Mm, Sponsored ~ me 
~Ic COfIWI'UWly a UCSO. In ItIe U'WersIty 

~a...rch. 
~Y 
.... I .... _ - EpisalpaI OUch Worstlp 

~: SuncB; EU<Nrtst -' Partsh ~, 
Good Samaritan Epi~ Church 4321 EmgIrr 
Mal Across Genesee from east end of ~ 
nontt of La Jolla Village Dr. Intersection of 
Eastgilte Mall iW1d Genesee. 
.... _ - Pentacost SUnI:I3y Mas. Sponsored ~ 
the UChoIic Comrrunit¥.. In ttl! stone sculpture 
betoInd HL 
10100 _ - A spedaI end or meyeillf mass wi! be 
said for all the students to rommemorate me 83-84 

Other 
MONDAY-SATURDAY 

Events, June 11-14 
MONDAY 
ZaC»4I00 pm - Dissertation detense for 
lDIxdes Martinez. TItle: La Mulatez y su 
en Tres Novelas Hispanoamericanas: 1928-
TCHB 14.2 Conf, Rm, 
TUaDAY 
JI»5IJO pm - Dissertation defense br 
Jose Monleon. TItle: EI sueno de la razon: 
AproxlrTlaCion a 10 Fantastico, In TCHB 142 
Rm, 
WEDNESDAY 
1 ~JIOO pm - Qualifying exams for Ms, 
Horstmann. In TCHB 119 Conf. Rm. 
ZI00-41OO pm - Dissertation defense for 
Beatnce waggilllnan. TItle: Droit et 11m<llOinlame:: 
"Vbyage autour du Monde" de Bougall1\lllle. 

11100 _8100 pm - Groundwork Books' Big 
Red Sale - 20% off everything. Starting June 18 
our OOurs will be Tuesday ttlrOUgh Saturday 11 am-
8 pm, 

TCHB 244 Conf. Rm. 
JIOO-5:oo pm - Qualifying exams for Mr . 
Kleist In TCHB 119 Conf, Rm, 
THURSDAY 

MONDAY 
ZaC»41OO pm - Qualifying eXil/fns for Ms, 
KattYyn Kruger-Hickman. In TCHB 119 Conf, Rm. 

~ 7100 pm - Dissertation .defense for Ms. 
Kil/fen Stlabetal. TItle: Blake's ~rception of Evil, In 
TCHB 119 Conf. Rm. 

10100 am-.-n - Dissertation defense for Mr, 
Bruce Macdonald, Title: "Translation as 
Transcendence: Walter Benjilmln and the German '.' 
TraditIOn ofTranslatlOn Thea!},," In TCHB 142 Conf, 
Rm. 

127 
lHURSDAY 
JIOCHIOO pm - ni<C~'If~ 
Ronda Fox. TItle: A Study at 
Writing of 9-13 Yeillf Olds. College Frestmen. 
Graduate Students In the Humanities and in the 
Sciences. In TCHB 119 Cont, Rm. 
....... pm - DIssertation defense rer Ms. 
Ellen Banberger, Title: Ruben Daria. el Hombre y su 
Epoca. In TCHB 142 Conf, Rm. 

ces/Workshops 
MONDAY ..... DAY 
... _ ,,00 pm - PAL Conferences - Don't 
spend more time studying than necessaryl 
Schedule a one-to-one PAL (personal assistillflCe for 
leillfring) conference to stneamline your stuclying, 
The conferences will deal with ywr course 
materials concerns including reading 

compr~hension. memory control. lecture 
rot~ng. iW1d test preparation. as well as hOw to 
noanage ywr time. handle stress. concentrate 
better. and ~come procrastinatIOn. Sponsored 
by ItIe OASIS Reading & S~ Skills Cent~, In USB 
4010. 
MONDAY 
..... '0100 am - Test Anl\iety Reduction 
Workshop - This 'MlI'ksIl> IS designed to help 
students cope with anxiety which Irrpedes 
sucCessful test perrormancr. Offered ~ Connie 
Brunig iW1d I.indsey Strotlen of Psychological 
Services, Meets at tI1e Conference Room at me 
Mllr ProIost's otfice, 

* 

lUUDAY 
10100 _.- - Finals Prep - Bring your 
course materials and get organized for finalsl You 'lI 
leillfn hOw to apply tI1e successful SCORE system. 
preaia test <JJe5lions. and review for total 
preparation in arfj course. Sponsored ~ the OASIS 
Reading & Stu<ti Skills Cent~, In TCH 141. 
Noon - Take a break from stu~ng ... this 
Tuesday noon". bring your lunch. your friends and 
ywr questIOns to the birth control ,"formation 
session". it's informal. informatille and confidential, 
Brought to you ~ tI1e Student Health AO.Iocates 
iW1d me WoIT1!!l'1's Clinic, 4'stalrs. Student Health. 
VRDNISDAY 
Noon - TIme is ruming OUL .. to attend a birth 
control information session, Join us this 
Wednesday In an intormal. Informative. 
confidential small group discussion on birth control 
and sexual health. 4'stairs. Student ~Ith, 
ZICIO 4100 .... - Test-Taking Strategies - ~ 
lose points because you ITisread a question or 
d/ctl't gNe a "CO/Tlliete" answer] Do yw find 
some ~~ questions tricky Of confusing? Do 
you wonder what it takes to write an outstanding 
essay ~? Thts workshop will answer your 
lJ.Iestions and shOw you row to get h most out 
ot ywr st~ In Bldg. B. Cont. Rm .. Student 

Cent~. 



10 Ju ne 4, 1984 
OPINION " 

• • " • '.. • ' " >" ' ' '.. ~, -,.... • 

Cornmental.Y-

Making clean books 
into dirty books 
By ROBERT LEONE 

In these days, when books are being 
burned because their contents are 
deemed unsuitable, where people print 
instructions on how [0 edit out 
references they deem improper in 
encyclopedias, when precensorship by 
publishing houses is often far more 
virulent than that of governments, when 
whole nations believe only the foreign 
press when the matter is internal affairs , 
when school libraries are being cut back 
[0 nothing more than subSCriptions 10 
Boy's Life and a few mass media news 
magazines (thanks to the well-managed 
California Taxpa)ler's Revolt), it pains 
me to see that most of the damage to 
library books is not that intentional sort 
of damage that makes for greedy 
editorial invective. 

Most of the damage I sec in books IS 
not of an intentional nature, or rather 
an attempt [0 damage the book itself. 
Instead , people just don't seem [0 be 
washing their hands. 

Perhaps an example is in order. 
When I first read The A~\'!irey-Gore 
Legacy by Edward Gorey in Central 
Library, I was aghast. The cover of the 
assuredly thin volume (a delightful send-
up of all that is marvelously Wicked and 
stereotyped in Agatha Christie novels) 
was mutilated by a thick, solid gash 
across the bottom of the book, while on 
several pages, dirty thul}1bprints detailed 
enough [0 solve the Lindbergh 
kidnapping case hid important text 
elements. I had to go read Cluster's copy 

of the same book 10 make sure the 
fingerprints were not pan of the Story. 

While the cause of the slice in the 
covers will remain subject to conjecture, 
the direct cause of the brown, greasy 
thumbprints is quite simple: Somebody 
forgot to wash his hands. There are 
bathrooms on every floor in Central 
(except the th ird floor, and the eigh th 
floor bathrooms are for employees only), 
and there is no excuse for not washing 
hands before reading, as well . 

There is a much more grave problem 
with mutilation of penociIcals, however. 
Everybody lusts after the coupons in 
Runner's \\for/d, Time, ewsweeh, The 
Joumal oj Microbiology, People, and The 
TV Guide . But it would be wise to ' 
remember that the magazines that 
UC 0 libraries buy are for the use not 
only of us, but of generations of s holars 
still in Junior high. We should also 
remember that the coupon one CUtS our 
is usuaUy on the obverse side of the 
incomplete paragraph that ends wi th 
conI. on p. 78. Such mutilations send 
shivers of horror through other 
libranans as they see the Reference 
Ubrarians tum green, rip off their skirts 
and blouses by flexing their muscles , 
and start talking about genitaUy 
mutilating any captured perpetrators. 

Look, if you have 10 slice, do it in a 
doctor's office , and spare UCSD the 
expense and trouble of ordering 
replacement back copies. 

The nuclear frenzy 
continued from page 6 
a bit funher. 

I read the report by Senator Hart (D-
Colorado) about those incidents, too. 
JUSt to think that those bombers were In 
the air 20 minutes before they were 
caUed back IS horrifying, until you take 
Into account I) no final release had 

been given by the Commander-in-Chief 
to ann and fire the missiles and 2) a B-
52, that lumbering old relic from days 
past , cannot even get close to US 
lerritorial borders in 20 minutes, 
wherever it is taking off from . 

If we had faster bombers, we could 
keep the things on the ground longer. 

PIZZA! 
Cau for Delivery 

4:00 p,m, to Oose Daily 
DoD't JIorfet." UCSD SPECIAL 

FREE Pitcher of Beer AD-You-Can-Eat 
with any SPAGHEIllI 

Large Pizza $210 
With Ad. Not Good on Take Outs Mondays: 3 :00 p.m. till aose 

Phone Ahead: 452-0661 AD Items Available to Go! 
Only 5 minutes from the UCSD Campus 

Style Italian Eatery 
CJtv, Safeway Shopptna Center 

Friday & Saturday tID 11:00 

Fight to the death 
continued from page 5 
participated in myself, this year. For 
what gain? 

Some duelists this year have taken a 
mome nt to retreat and stud y their 
opponents' style of verbal fencing. 
During these periods of observation not 
only the adversaries' methods of attack 
are seen, the cause for which they were 
fighting came into focus due to the 
more objective d istance. Although one 
may not agree with a foe's stance or 
taCtiCS used, if one controls the poi nt of 
his attacks and defense one will 
improve one's own abilities for more 
Signi ficant confronta tions in the fut ure . 

For what has more potential in 
improving the individual, the cutting 
do\VJ1 of a few easy targets, or 
developing a fi nesse of dueling that can 
be taught to friends, and even the 
making of lifelong allies out of 

momentary opponents? 
We aU claim to be loyal to UCSD, but 

do we not weaken the body o f this 
academy by wielding our swords of self-
righteousness, blind ly cutting into 
anyone who disagrees with our 
viewpOints? 

If we honor our opponents, giving 
ground for their position, the most that 
ca n be lost is an ounce of our blood , 
which can be eaSily rejuvenated . But if 
we choose to attack beyond what is 
:1ecessa ry, we may cut deeply into the 
body, opening a wound that will bleed 
until the bod y di es, And with such an 
attack we risk impaling ourselves on our 
opponent's well-aimed weapo n. 

Today someone may challenge you to 
a duel. If you both are honorable, 
worthy and respectful opponents, do 
not be surp rised if tomorrow you fight 
at each other's side. 

The Hollywood saint 
continued from page 5 
changed, and in view of what has happen-
ed in the past few decades, a different ap-
proach should be taken to Memorial Day. 

Every time a young man, whether 
American or not, dies in vain, we must 
try out best to learn from our mistakes 
so that it never happens again , for this 
is the greatest of tragedies. For a 
government to send sold ie rs to the other 
side of the world to meddle in the 
internal affai rs of other countries is in 
itself absurd , but if th is is the cause of 
the death of only one individual, then it 
is absolute ly inexcusable, and the man 
responsible should be treated as a 
common murderer. 

Until we deploy a newer and faster 
stra tegic bo mber (B-1 B or STEALTH), 
NORAD must at least get the most 
vulnerable part of our triad into the air 
where it cannot be wiped out in the 
event of a first strike by the Soviets. The 
bottom line is, since we do have those 
1800 incidents a year, the NORAD men 
are used to the system crying "wolf' (or 
should I say, "bear") a lot, and are going 
to be dam sure that they are looking at 
warheads and not seagulls before they 
launch. 

This is a stra nge world that we live 
in, and ins tead of punishing the man 
responsible, we praise him. Everyone 
knows exactly who is to blame for the 
deaths of more than 250 young 
American boys, but still he goes 
unpunished . Only Hollywood could 
make a kille r look like a saint , and th is 
man is as guilty in the deaths of those 
soldiers as if he had killed them 
himself. He weeps a d ignifi ed tear and 
gives an award to a dead man , and the 
world falls in love with him. Worst of all 
is that he may be in the White House 
for four more yea rs. These things are 
what we should be th inking about on 
Memorial Day. 

It is a frightening situa tion . I am no 
more ready than Miss Chappe ll to wa tch 
this beautiful world go up in nuclear 
fla mes. I am just glad that those men 
and wome n who make the policy 
decisions in this count ry are not as 
prone to let their emotions guide them 
as are Se nator Han, the Nuclear Freeze 
movement and those who are so scared 
of nuclear nightmare that any solution 
will do. Otherwise I am sure that one of 
those false alarms a t NORAD might have 
ended otherwise. 

FaIIlily f 
Plannirlg: It 
a choice, ~ 
. a responsibility 

r 

'California's finest Bfld most experienced family planning 
network, offering concerned professional care for women 
tIfIce 19#11 . .. 

+ 
I 

...... pnanaaq teata, 
With results while you ",aU 

• Unplanned pregnanoy I 
genera1 or local anestheSia 

• Birth control 
• Gynecological exa.ms 

RmI FtuniIy PIsnnInt 
...., Al80ciatn M«lical Group 

SAN DIEGO 
64911 A lva.r&<io Rd . 

(Ill) "'''U' 
00.f14 •• Ual- »1'01 ••• 10.al- afl0l'4.1Il. 

" , 
. '. 

. " 

. . : . '. 
, : 

.' . . ' .... 
• .. • 4 ~ • 

. .. , 

Steel pulse prophet 
By JULIE PRESS 

"That's IJK at the Club Reggae here 
on 95 .7 FM cable, I<SDT," she whispers 
into the microphone with a voice 'as 
sexy and sultry as a seduCtress on the 
prowl. Her rtame is Makeda Cheatom, 
but on the air she calls herself "Dread ," 
a pseudonym perfectly fitting this Afro-
American DJ with a scalp sprouting 
dreadlocks of every length and 
thickness. Wearing a plum-purple tie-
dyed sweatsuit and tribal-mask earrings, 
Dread radiates individuality. ' I may be a 
businesswoman," she says, "but they can 
never make me lose my identity and 
ethnicity. Always keep your ethnicity," 
she warns with a look that threatens 'or 
else ... " 

And a serious businesswoman she is. 
Aside from her four-hour Sunday reggae 
show at KSDT, Makeda is also an 
occasional OJ on 91X and 92.5. In 
addition she operates a vegetarian 
restaurant caDed The Prophet and is 
pan owner of an events bUSiness, The 
Prophet Production Company. All her 

diversffted occupations do, however, 
have a common thread; their objective 
is, she says, " [0 make people aware of 
the oppression and struggles in this 
world" and create equality among 
people. She adds, "Racism is ugly. It is 
the seed of sexism. They're two sides of 
the same coin." 

Makeda's interest in racial oppression 
began during her childhood as a black 
in a predominantly white society. "I 
started to see oppression and got bitter," 
she recalls. ''I'm a Third World person. 
As an African-American you can't let it 
[discrimination I get to you. You have to 
remove those fears in your adult life ." 
And her way of removing them was 
meditation. 

With professional ease, Dread puts 
two albums on the turntables, cues them 
up to the beginnings of the songs and 
sets the audio levels on the time-worn 
board before her. As a Steel Pulse song 
begIns to play, she continues. 

"Racism is equal to power. It's a 

system of disturbed values; one group 
wanting to have power over another. 
That is the tension ," she offers 
unquestioned. Makeda became 
interested in cooking and went to 
culinary school. "Then I began 
meditating," she adds. "It released that 
tension, and my consciousness began 
changing. I didn't want to cook meat 
anymore." The meditation made her 
think about life and living things on a 
higher level. ' 

As the song ends, Makeda dons a 
pair of brown , industrial-weight 
headphones and moves close to the 
audioboard ; she embraces the spongy, 
yellow microphone with her large, d ark 
lips. "You jUst heard Linton Kwesi 
Johnson here on KSDT. Next is Maze, so 
stay tuned with Dread at the controls." 
She speaks slowly, teasing her audience 
with the words , FM DJ style. The press 
of a button, the life of a lever and the 
next song is broadcast. 

"Since there was no vegetarian 

.' , . 

, " 
" 

. . ' 

- -. 
. '.. , 

,"'::::.: :~~ . ~~:-, ~ 
• '0' .. ~ . • ' .' 

June 4, 1984 11 

restaurant around, my friends started 
eating at my house: she reflects. "Then 
I gOt the idea of opening my own 
vegetarian restaurant I was always 
sensitive [0 taking a life, but medita.tion 
reaDy brought it out. I knew something 
was wrong then [about 13 years ago l. I 
thought I could help the universe. It was 
a crime for people to be sick; I wanted 
them to eat right," Makeda says, 
searching for more albums to play. As 
she moves, her dreadlocks bounce and 
her many beaded bracelets j ingle against 
each other. 

In order to improve her restaurant, 
Makeda wanted to learn about the 
foods, cultures and philosophies of 
other countries , so she travelled all over 
the world . "I went to Brazil, China, 
Africa and the Caribbean. You get reaDy 
ethnocentric if you Stay In one place: 
she says emphatically, And learning 
about the peoples o( the world made 
her realize that its problems go beyond 

pltll5t rum to page 22 



12 June 4, 1984 
PERSPECTIVES 

. '.,.. . . "'" 

Look, this is really bothering me 
By JEFF SAVAGE 

Don't roommates piss you om ! Sure, they're loads of 
fun when you're drunk or not around , but holy moly! 
they do the stupidest things. Why is it that your 
roomie can't seem to put the new toilet paper roll on 
the holder when he/ she/i t uses up the last of the old 
roll? Instead , the roll just sits for days on the toilet 
tank. And when he/ she/i t somehow manages to shake 
hls/ her/its laziness. he/ she/i t puts it o n BACKWARDS! 
You would think that your roommates wouldn't be so 
lame with the toilet paper, especially since you buy it 
every time. And doesn't slop seem to be intentionally 
poured all around the house just to bug you? You 
know, if you live with three roommates, 75% of the 
slop is not yours. EVENTY-AVE PERCENT! How 
di gusting! 

Speaking of perce ntages, d id you know that 80% of 
all drivers on the road today claim that they are above 
average. As an above average driver myself. I can tell 
you 0 WAY! I've seen more bad drivers on the road 
than I have on golf courses. And I playa lot of golf. 
Why is it that on a crowded freeway, slow cars in the 

fast lane won 't' move over? And I'll never und rstand 
why, on the a rne crowd ed freeway, there are always 
clod s who Insi t on zig-zagging in and out o f traffic, 
trying to get to whe re they' re gomg 30 seconds sooner. 
And II never works. Ten miles down the road they 
haven't gOHen any fa n her than you have. And has rhis 
ever happened to you? You dnve In to a gas station 
and there are two cars on the left s ide of the island , 
the same side you have to go on because your gas tank 
is on the nght. But instead of waiting, you d ec ide to 
get tricky and back in o n the righ t side. So you back 

up, hang a lBO. and stan backing 111 . But JUSt as your 
tank approaches the pump, some joker comes flying 
up and snags your spot, leaving you in worse shape 
than before . All this can be avoided if all car 
manufacturers would put the gas ta nk in the middle as 
some do. Why are some tanks on the left and some 
tanks on the right? 

Have you ever not iced that when you go to the 
grocery store and there are 15 check-out counters, only 
five of them are open? And it's r.eally busy and there 
are humungous lines and you wa it for an hour and you 
miss your favorite TV show and you just stand there 
bummi ng out. Why do they build the other ten check-

I{~ I { ( 
I l / , 

out counters) It could n't possibly get any busier. And 
how about when you're in a real hurry and you want to 
go through the " 10 items o r less" line, and you've got 
13 items, so you put three of them back so you can go 
through the fast line. The n you notice the guy in front 
of you has 15 items and you th ink, "Boy is he gonna 
get it when he gets to the front of the line." And the 
clerk says NOTHING! And the guy whips out his 
checkbook to pay for it! And the cle rk ACCEPTS it! 
What a shaft job that is! 

But what's really baffling is the way you get hosed 
when you get in your car and drive over to a company 
or a n o ffice (e.g., financial aid office) to have a service 
re ndered. While you're waiting to be helped, the 
phone rings and the clerk answers it. But instead of 
taking a message or asking the caDer to call back later, 
the clerk stans helping the jerk who is too lazy to 
come down in person in the first place. Here you've 
gone out of your way for a service and you're getting 
gipped. And instead of saying anything, you sit idly by 

please turn /0 page 22 

Summer Student Employee 
Valldadon Sdckers 

1984 COLLEGE 'NEWSPAPER 
CRFJ\llVE)\DVERTISING CoMPETITION 

Beginning June 11, 1984, the Student EmploymentotBcevia 
Student Rnandal Services, will issue blue validation stickers 
('84 SU EMP) for the photo-ID cards of undergraduate students 
working during the summer months, but not attending 
Summer Session. 

This process will replace the UCSD Student Temporary 
Identification Cards for Summer issued in past years. To be 
eligible for a sticker: 

1) your employing department must have extended your 
employment into the summer months, 

2) you must have a photo-ID card with a Spring '84 
validation sticker. 

To obtain the blue validation stickers, go to the Student 
Rnancial Services office of your college on or after June 11, 
1984, between 1:00 pm and 4:00 pm. If you are not available 
during these hours. special arrangements can be made by 
calling 452-4472. 

Graduate students who were registered Spring quarter 1984 
and who are carrying out graduate studies and research at 
UCSD during Summer 1984 may obtain summer validation 
stickers from the graduate secretary in their departments. 
Medical students should contact the Medical School student 
affairs office. 

'NATIONAL 'WINNING ENTRY 

t .... llm.ponaaL 
But it doesn't have to be expensive. 
ImrodUCVII11k Dodae 0a)1Dn1 
"'_Z.T1It .. ~hoih"...r""""", 
rrom ..... hcd dml', lurbodtatJfd 
plrucarOClthtmariod'or uNkf 

U),COO .. 

0udtIt o.r-1\IIIIo-Z. 
III ....... ' ............ 

ComflJf1 ~.-.hllltheda_ 
b*k U\1tnOf I)ua/ rtebnUlI buo:itl 
snt5 ... rap yow bod) UI OOftlforl 
Ample fOOmlOMreu:h )our Itp 
And. h", ,,'" dash ,hal bduoIp 
U1loxkpi . 

Aim_ tbc:skri;0I. molt 
",rod,...".... """"'" body 
.. Clu>*o b""" 

III ......... 
Morr pov;«lO)'OII from an ''fIt'oOII''It 
four r)'hm:kf cnpw lorptd b~ • 
IUrbc'wiw'frt ,,,* nW.a ( HIT 
c)~ndm 1'& ~h~1 

rour~ bndcn_(1f Ichltt-fN 
ratt'f~'" and (lWtr handkn& 
II ,omo .. . h II mldl·JllMI. 'ud 

"J«ltd.fud~lIC'npnc . M~ 
r.lun"of Htf. ~wy. 12 1 YA~ 
mPl·" 
AM fronHI,htd dltoC' "".h JIO"tf-
iWl§kd r~L ft1Jlflaln Mctf'WlI 

M .. ...... 
Q&&alny DadBrqualuy IS buill 11110 
C\Cf y ~~r. And hikktd ~ • ~ ) til 
.so,COOmieptlltnllMlf'bn "' l hr 
(In!) lurb\).hMP ~ 'IIo lllh Ih .. k.rtd 
(,(proI«'IlOIt 

p""" .... 
LauP ldhMlII l)WI~bank l .-xlll 
... ,hm firll l""' .. ~hch ..... 
ronnancr, fmlll .. heddmc. lurN 
.. har,td \pO'I'tICIr \Ml lht market lor 

u_ I ~.IlII.· 

• ... u ___ ... _~ _____ ", .. f".. .. ~~ .... __ ... ~ .. ____ ... _ ...... ,_ 
_ •• • ,_ .. ,. . ... .... __ ... ___ • ___ .. "._ ..... _ ..... 1 _ I __ r"_~-""" _ 

-.--..... - ... -... . , ... '---.. _-

Jj 
..., 

.:e 
" ...c:: c 
-, 

v; 

" 3 
~ 
:§ 

( 

I've got it all down right here 

By PHIL LAUDER 
Please be seated . 
I'm sorry to have to break' this to you now, 

considering your emotional cond ition , but what must 
be said must be said . 

This is the te nth week. 
Now before you get excited , realize that this is both 

good news and bad news. The good news is tllat, as of 
Friday, there 's o nly one week separating you from 
summer. The bad news is that the week is finals week. 

Fina ls wee k means, of course, cramming - er, 
studying ... reviewing, that's the word. Reviewing the 
text and aD those notes you've taken during the past 
30 lecrures. Reviewing the text is child 's play. 
Reviewing your notes is not a task for the weak of 
hean. 

1 don't know how you take notes, but I take notes 
under heavy sedation . At least it seems that way when 
I go back over them. My lecture notes are iUiterate, 
unintelligible and hopelessly confusing. And I wouldn't 
have it any other way. 

Let's face it, most of us take notes during lectures 

SUtnlller 
Parking 
InforlUation 

PARKING PERMITS ARE 
REQUIRED DURING THE 

SUMMER MONTHS. 

Student Summer Session , 

just to be taking notes du ring lectures. It gives us 
somethi ng to do - makes us feel like by writing down 
what's being sa id we are rei nforcing the auditory 
reception with motor response. The truth is, by taking 
notes we have a cheap and easy excuse for letting our 
mmds fo llow Alice into Wonderland. Ears , pen and 
notebook become one coheSive unit as l;,e mind 
takes its ball and goes to play elsewhere . 

Let'S see, talking about integration of rational 
functions tod ay. What will I cook fo r dinner ton ight? 
The square root of e to the x. I wonder if the Lakers 

will take the Series in six. It all depends on the limits 
of integration . How wiD I find the time to clean my 
stinking laundry? Using implicit d ifferentiation. 

I honestly admire the individuals who can walk into 
a lecture hall full of mindless pens and notebooks, si t 
down, and just listen. Just plain listen to what the prof 
is saying. Maybe even think about it, too. No pen, no 
notebook, no implicit differentiation on the laundry. 
Just listening to the lecture. 

I sure can't do it. 
To be honest. my cerebrum does enter the note-

Parking Permits cost $7,501 
month and may be purchased 
for specific periods of POOL IT! 
time (Le., two weeks, one month, six weeks, etc.), These 

somewhere 
taking process on occasion , but this doesn 't help my 
notes much. My lecture notes invariably look as though 
they were authored by a victim of Parkinson's disease. 

Of course, I full y realize that many of you take 
legtble. neat and - dare I say it - reviewable notes. 
You're the ones that can figure out what F times the 
si ne of omega- t equals , 23 lectures after the fact. 

And you're the ones who get the A's on your fi nals. 
For the rest of you, well ... at least your ears and pen 

and notebook attended the lectures . And your mind .... 
Good luck on finals . 

* * • 

This is the final "writer's in of the '83-'84 school 
year. Yes, it's sad , I know. But th ink of all the good 
times we had ... Well , I had. You've been exposed to 
bi ting social commentary on such eanh-shaking issues 
as student hunger, cramaholism, b icycle vandalism, 
elevators, alarm clocks, breakfast cereals, d river's ed .. 
Trivial Pursui t, the beach and telephones. It's been real. 
It's been .. . Well , it's been real. 

Best of luck. enjoy your summer, and let's have 
lunch sometime. 

WHO'S WEARING 
THEBEEFI 
Summer Is Just around the 

corner, so dart taking those 
pounds and Inches offlodayl 

permits are available at the Central Cashier's Office beginning 
on June 18th through September 14, 1984, Students must 
present a valid Summer Session 1.0, Card or a Spring Quarter 
I.D. Card as proof of student status. The annual student "S" 
parking permit will also be available to regular UCSD students 
who plan on being here during the summer and the 1984/ 85 
academic school year. This annual permit expires June 30, 
1985, and costs $90.00 for 12 months ($7.50/month times 
12). Both the Summer Session Parking Permit and the annual 
"S" permit are only valid in the yellow stiped student spaces, 

If your diet consists of PIZZA, BEER AND BIG MACS, you probably look and feel 
like a hamburger, And, If everytlme someone asks "Who's got the beefT you 
cringe-IT'S TIME TO GO TO JACK LALANNE'SI 

If you have any questions about parking during the summer, 
please feel free to stop by the Parking & Transit Systems 
Office, 400 Warren Campus, or give us a call at (452 ),4223. 

=~ES99 $299. 
Just • 
for one full year 

TtUlt'l 66% oft the price • 

AEROBIC DANCE to MUSIC FOR BOTH MEN 
AND WOMEN. Swrmming pools • Whirlpools • Steam 
Rooms ' Sauna Baths • Individual Lockers ' NutrItIonal GUidance 
and eMt Programs • C~tic and Facial C~ltatiom. and a 
variety of t xct llent txtrCI5I! tquipmtnt. Including Paramount's 

SportsTrai~ Unlllt'rSal. Uft Cyell!. Dynavit and ~lIus in 
many locations. 

BIG DEAL FOR STUDENTS ONLY. ACT NOW, Must bt 18 or okItr. 
CIIII-'~,"WIIT~_," .WCIUITcu.s .. PlArUMMCCIUITWI.' ... If9'I_, .... !I". 
-----------~\.-- .... - - --------
.......... --.. ..... 

/ 41 4 \lK10f1" twJ 
· c .... ..., ..... AAe-
.. ..-
H il S ItmlOl 

. ....... _ ...... H 
'lII' tef t"n..t'~ 
.. ,---........ 

I tOil EJ TOIO 1(M(f 
............. -........ 
'/IIJI H..,OOf etwo 
......... -........ 

IOOS "¥1d~ 
---------~._...._a_ .... --------

~~.!!::"" ........ - ....., .... _ 11141."..... ______ /1 ... ' .... 1" c:a.t.¥IIb _ 16t9J ........ o.Nrfl#"'~""'" 
.;~(" ' , <" k :,t'II'Iotpr' I't«· "" lifllJI,hlHr ~-,.f If' Alr",,1; ,tt.,. "o,IA"''''l,t'' ... , ...... " ...... 



"-

THE GROUNDWORK COLLECTIV[ 
PRESENTS ANOTHER 

BIG RED SALE 
the proceeds of which will help to tide us over this summer. 

JUNE 4 - 16 
20% OFF EVERYTHING 
(That') our usual 6rt discount. plus an additional 14o/c off.) 

GROUNDWORK BOOKS 
Monday to Saturday II am to 8pm 

UCSD Student Center 
(619) 452-9625 

Free Parking on Saturdays 

SUMMER HOURS: Beginning Monda\·. June I~ . our hours~ill be 
Tuesday through Saturday. II - 8 pm . 

Corne by for a free poster: 
Soiourner Truth "And ain't I a WOlmm?" 

Be a notetaker 
The AS Lecture Notes Service is now taking 

applications for Fall, 1984 notetakers. Put in 
your application today. The LNS office is 
located across from the food coop. 

Semi-Formal pictures here 
The candid photos from the recent 
UCSD Semi-Formal are now avail abe. 
To order your pictures, please contact 
Josie at the AS offices x4399. 

Are you bored with music? 
Assorted Vinyl 
has got the cure. . . . 
10% off music 
musac. 10% off musik. 10% off muzic. lOt, 
muzak. 10% off musak. 1O~ - rr .• "sac. lOt, ~.--!IIIII! 
muzic. 10% off moosal MOIII 'k. 1 
musac. 10% off musik. III . f)% •. 
musak. 10% off musac . ", off 
moosac. 10% off boris .. "nOW' )ff musac. , .. 
muzak. 10% off musik. 111 )ff muzic 
moosac. 10% off musak. 1 ""t' off musik·. 10% ;rr mu~k. 10% off moosac. 10 • )ff musak. 10% off 

mus~c. 10% off muzic. 10% off music. 10% musac. 10% muzak. 10% 
musIC. 10% off muzic. lO% off music. 10% musac. 10% muzak. 10% 

Shop Assorted Vinyl 
Your on campus record store. Student Center x2?33 

MEChA Graduation Committee 
Chicano/Mexicano/ and Latino students who 

are graduating between winter 1984 and winter 
1985 a~e welcome to panicipate in a Spanish 
graduatIon ceremony. The graduation committee is 

planni~g this ceremony to proceed the college 
graquatlons on June 17, 1984. Seniors interested in 
panicipating in the planning of and/or in the 
cerenrony may contact the MECM office at 452-
4994 care of Virginia Murillo. 

Internship available for this summer 
Summer · interns are needed for editorial and 
adve.n~s.ing posi~ions in national magazines. 
Posslblhty of paId positions working for Dyna 
industries in Carlsbad. 25 to 40 hours a week. If 
interested call Society for Advancement of 
Management (SAM) 452-4726 and ask for Bryan 
Lee. 

( 

Apply now for an 
ASIO internship 

Students interested in fall internships, the ASIO 
has extended their fall deadline toJuly 13. The office 
will be opened pan-time to accomedate this need. If 
you are interested in an exciting professional level 
work-experience in your intended career field 
come in to ASIO (located above the gameroom) and 
check us out! Or call our office at x4689. Get a grip, 
do an ASIO internship. 

Make a difference 

VOTE! 
Tuesday, ]\lne 5 

PrimaI}' Elections 
Discussion of EI Salvador intervention 

"Is US intervention in El Salvador justified?" A 
forum between Mario Velazquez of the FDR/FMLN 
and US State Depanment spokesperson * Monday, 
June 4, 7:30 pm in Peterson Hall, room 108. 
Sponsored by Committee on US Foreign Policy. 
• Invited, not confirmed. 

Be a notetaker 
, 

The AS Lecture Notes SelVice is now taking 
applications for Fall, 1984 note takers. Put in 
your application today. The LNS office IS 
located across from the food coop. 

Che Cafe Happenings 
Studying Hard?! Don't forget the Che - good 
food for study breaks! Daily specials, 
Pannikin Coffee, dessens. Thursday night, 
June 7, come to the Che Fundraiser so we can 
party with you to seNe you better! Details 
soon. "All You Can Eat" - 10th week on 
Wednesday, June 6. Spaghetti &: Salad. 5-7 
pm, $3.00. Relax to live jazz. 

University of California - San Diego 

Graduation Party 
June 17, 1984 

4:00 pm to 8:00 pm 
at the 

Rodeo 
music by 

"Notice to Appear" 
hors d'oeuvres 

Open ,to graduates and 2 guests. Tickets for all others $2.00 
at the UCSD Box Office. Sponsored by ASUCSD and aU four 

colleges. SpeCial thanks to Vice Chancellor Joe Watson. 

"Bizarre Bazaar" 
October 5, 1984 

Sign up in the organizations office or call 
452-4083. All depts. & orgs. welcome!!! 

Publicity position open for RISC 
The Radically Inclined Ski Club is interviewing 

for the position of publicity director. Applicantions 
shoul include some an work along with a letter 
describing yourself and your related experience. 
Letters must be turned in to the ski club office (at 
Canyon View) by Wednesday, June 6. For more 
information call 457-4649. 



16 JUlie 4, 1984 
PERSPECTIVES 

. ~'. . ." :.... '. ~ .. \ 

One Way --_ 
From 

Roundtrip 
From 

$327 
$409 
$330 
$479 
$389 
$409 

Eurail Pass~s Issued on the Spot! 

$583 
$778 
$549 
$699 
$758 
$778 

Call COUNOL TRAVEL (CIEE) 
4429 C d SS 51. 

5.1n Diego, A 92109 452-0630 U<"!>V !>tudcnl ('enler 8-02..1 La )Olld , A 92093 

June 4, 1984 17 

UCSD Athlete .of the Year Nominees 

PAM HARDAWAY 
As a co-captain of the team. Pam 

played a key role in the brilliant success 
of this year's softball team. At the plate, 
Pam had an overall batting average of . 
.400 while leading the team in runs-
batted-in with 36. She also led both the 
team and the conference in home runs 
with five. From her sholtstop position, 
Pam led the conference With a .895 
fielding average. and was named to the 
All-Conference defensive team and the 
All-Region second team. To be selected 
co-captain in her sophomore year on a 
team with five seniors is an indication 
of her character and leadership 
qualities. 

The Tritons finished the season with 
a 32-14 record. , 

BILL KAZMIEROWICZ 
Bill palticipated in two sports this 

year, and fared extremely well in both. 
In water polo. Bill helped lead the 
Tritons to the Division \l and III 
National Ch;Jmpionship. UCSD finished 
13th in Division I, and Bill was selected 
as MVP as well as first-team AlI-
American. In swimming, Bill broke ten 
records in his first year of competition. 
He set all-time marks in the 50 freestyle, 
100 freestyle, 200 freestyle, 500 freestyle, 
1000 freestyle, 100 backstroke, 200 
individual medley, 400 medley relay, 
400 freestyle relay and 800 freestyle 
relay. He also set 1984 marks for the 
200 freestyle and 500 freestyle. 

JESSICA VERNON 
In her first year of UCSD tennis , 

Jessica finished the season as the 
number one player. In singles 
competition, she finished the season 
with a 14-9 record. In doubles 
competition, she teamed with Nadine 
Akimoto and tumed in a sparkling 15-6 
record. At Division III Nationals, Jessica 
upset the number two seeded player 
and reached the quarterfinals in singles. 
She reached the semifinals in the 
doubles competition, and in the team 
tournament at Nationals, she won the 
number one flight. Jessica boasts 
perhaps the best serve in Division UI 
tennis. She was selected as an AlI-
American in both singles and doubles. 

TEIK FRANCIS 

In only her second year of collegiate 
competition , Teik has made a lasting 
mark on the basketball program. She has 
led the team in both rebounding and 
scoring each of the last two seasons. In 
averaging 18.4 points per game this 
season, Teik broke a number of season 
and individual marks. Her season 
records include most points scored 
(443), most field goals (192) and best 
rebound average (12.1). After 
being honored as the team's Most 
Improved Player in 1983, Teik was 
selected as Most Valuable Player in 
1984. 

DEDE STEINHOFF 
Dede participated on both the 

swimming and water polo teams this 
year. In her third year in water polo, she 
scored the most goals with 63 and had 
the most assists with 32, as UCSD 
finished fifth in the United States Water 
Polo League. 

In her fourth year of swimming, she 
helped lead the team to a fifth-place 
national ranking and was selected as an 
All-American for the second consecutive 
year. 

Dede swam in the sprint freesryle 
and in four relays - the 200 free , the 
400 free , the 800 free and the 400 
medley. 

BRUCE NAKAMURA 

In his four-year stint at UCSD, Bruce 
has established numerous records. Not 
only has he been selected as the golf 
team's Most Valuable Player all four 
years, but Bruce has also earned NAlA 
All-District honors and qualified for 
NCAA Nationals in each of hiS four 
years at UCSD. A three-time All· 
American, Bruce has recorded the two 
highest finishes in Nationals with fifth 
and ninth place honors. He has also 
fired the lowe t round on the team each 
year with marks of 72, 72, 71 and 69 in 
respective years. Bruce has been learn 
captain for twO years , 

LOUISE SCHWARTZ 
After two consecutive selections to the 

NCAA Division 1Il All-American team, 
Louise finished the 1983 season with 
another strong performance. She 
attacked at a solid .297 clip, garnered 
56 blocks, led the Tritons in serving 
efficiency with a .972 mark and had a 
total of 1123 assists for the season . 
Louise was named to twO all-tournament 
teams in 1983, giving her a total of eight 
all-tournament selections during her 
four-year career. Twice she has been 
named to the NCAA Division 1Il 
National Championship all-tournament 
team. At the conclusion of this past 
season, Louise became the first student· 
athlete in the histoty of the school to 
have her uniform number retired. 

CHRIS BOWLUS 
As a distance specialist, Chris 

palticipates on both the track team and 
the cross country team. In cross country, 
he was a national qualifier for two years 
in a row. In track, Chris broke his own 
record this year in the 1500 meters. In 
1982 he ran a 3:53.6 and this season he 
eclipsed that mark with a time of 
3:52.0. That time qualified Chris for 
the Division III National 
Championships. 

He boasts good leadership ability and 
outstanding character, and will be 
UCSD's number one cross COUntry 
runner in the faU, 

-. 



.- -

, 

UCSD Athlete of the Year Nominees 

KIM STEMPIEN 

In her thIrd year on the cross country 
team, KIm was voted as the team's most 
valuable player for the second time. She 
was also selected as the team captam 
From 1982 until earlier this yedr, KIm 
held the record m the 1500-meter event 
By estabhshmg the record, she was 
selected as an All-American in 198 2. 
This year, Kim placed second in 
reglonals and was ranked 171h in 

auonal NCAA DIviSIOn III cross 
country. Kim is also on the track team, 
where she panicipates in the 1500 
meters, the 3000 meters and the 5000 
meters. She was unable to compete this 
year due to some unavoidable 
hardships. 

TAHITI 
summer sale 
$529* 

EUGENE JONES 
In hIS f,'unh year with LCSD tennt~, 

:llld 'iecond as te.lm C.lptJIn Eugene 
had hiS best year on the coun . From 1115 
numher one 5111glcs slor, Eugene ran up 
an impreSSIve 19-5 seasun record m 
leadlllg hiS te,lm to '\al1unab. where 
thl') ' ftntshed fdth Eugene flntshed 
thlld m the DIVISion III slIlgles 
LOmpeUtlon, bur rhar was not the 
greatest of hIS accomplishments. He 
teamed wit h Dan Beers to record a 17-5 
season mark and went on to capture the 
1983-8-+ national doubles utle. A model 
sportsman, Eugene has been given All-
American honors in each of his four 
years a t UCSD. 

JACKIE VAN 
EGMOND 

Jackie is a two-
spon athlete at UCSD. 
She rows on the 
varSity eight crew 
team which won the 
All-Cal Cup , and went 
on to lose only one 
race all year. 

STEVE 
FENTRESS 

Steve was appoint-
ed captain of this 
year's rugby leam and 
was the second-lead-
ing scorer . 

N. Zealand 
$799* 

Australia 
$935* 

*restrictions apply 
Call 

COUNCIL TRAVEL 
your studentlbudget travel specialists 

UCSD Student Center 
452·0630 

KRISTIN KILBOURN 
[n her third reM '1ll the volleyhall 

sljuad, Kristin Ian up ome Impressive 
staU5t1CS em her wa)' t,) hemg awarded 
A11-Amencan honors. he tied for third 
on the team With Il}() kills, and was the 
team's leadll1g bkllkcr wlth 46 solo 
blocks and 55 ,lSsi,rs for a tOlal of 147 
blocking POInts 

Knsun also had a .238 hitting 
percentage, and was selected the All-
Regional team at Jun ia t;). College. 

Kristin also formed one half of the 
Tritons' formidable Special K front line 
with Karin Kalk on the second-ranked 
team in Division III women's volleyball 
this year. 

PAM LELLIS 
After being selected 

as team captain this 
year, Pam became the 
first San Diego rower 
to win four Crew 
Classic medals(1981 -
84), including a gold 
medal ( Lightweight 
Eight) and a silver 
medal (Lightweight 
Four) in the 1981 
National Champion -
ships . Every crew 
team Pam has rowed 
on in her four-year 
history at UCSD has 
had a wi n n i ng record 

MOLLY WHEATLEY 

Moll)' was perhaps the most versa tile 
athlete at UCSD thIS season, as she 
played on the volleyball team and was 
also a heptathlete. In her third year on 
the volleyball team , Molly was selected to 
the All-Tournament ream at the Coors 
[nvltational, the All-Regional team and 
the All-Tournament team at Nationals. 
She was also selected as a co-Most 
Valuable Player at the Triton.Tune-Up 
Tournament. 

In track, Molly just missed qualifying 
for Nationals in the heptathlon. She was 
UCSO's leading field event competitor 
in the long jump, high jump, shot put 
and javelin events. 

Don't Forget 
to Keep Your Bod 

Covered With 
Summer Sickness 

and Accident Inlurance 
It's effective 

while traveling or staying home ... 
Regl •• red Spring Que"'r Students, Summer Studell", 

• nd Post Docs .... ellslble to purehIM I ........ nce. 
All Premiums: $52.40, __ -'--________ _ 
ENROLLING NOW until July 16th 

------lnforrMtlon end applications arc avallebic at------
Student Haith Center. Q-G39 • 451-1113 

JUlI, 4. 198-/ 19 
I SPORTS 

. ~' " ;.'- . ~ "-'.'~' 

Running Thoughts 
Soaping a stone along a crampit 
By JEFF SAVAGE 

"The punt is blocked by the safety through the end zone for a safety!" Football is a 
great American game, but housewives are Americans, and they would be rather 
confused with what that means. Actually, houseWives are confused about most 
everything, so it isn't fair to gauge the familiarity of sports terminology by them. It is 
no secret, however, that sportS terms can be confUSing. 

In basketball , when a player moves around the court with the ball , he must dribble 
it. It 's illegal to double dribble, though , but sometimes it does happen. [t shouldn't. 
These players have been taught since they were babies not to dribble , let alone double 
dribble . When a player takes too many steps without dribbling, it is called traveling. 
Cmon, traveling? The player may have gone for a shon stroll, but did he really travel 
somewhere? Hope he packed his toothbrush, eh? 

And how about when the player shoots the ball through the hoop? It's called making 
a basket. Now the player doesn't really make a basket as we know it. He doesn't sit on 
the noor and start weaving. Actually, when the game was invented , the hoops were 
peach baskets that were posted over 20 feet high on either end of the coun. The team 
that put the ball in the basket first won the game. So that name is OK But what about 
free throw? When a player gets h it on the shoulder or arm or gets slapped in the hand 
or on the face or receives any other type of significant contact, he shoots a free throw. 
But why free throw? The player just paid for shooting the free throw by getting hit. 
That doesn't seem very free to me. It should be called a costly throw instead. 

Golf uses strange terminology also . Scoring in golf is OK Par is average on a hole. 
One less than par is birdie. Two less than par is eagle . And three less than par is 
double-eagle . But why double-eagle? Why not supersonic jet? And the word tee has tOO 
many meanings. The golfer will tee off a tee on the 18th tee. Too confus ing. And you 
often hear an announcer say, "He drives the ball 300 ya rds ." What does that mean? 
Did the golfer put the ball in a car and drive 300 yards down the fairway? And what 
about faIrway? If you're not in rhe fairway, are you in the foulway? No, you're in the 
rough. The word rough is simple enough. But the most simplistic term in golf is the 
plot of carefully tended turf surroundmg each of the holes to facilitate putting. This 
plot of turf is called the gree n. How the hell did they come up with that name? Did 
only berets and greenbackers used to play golf? Was the game invented in Greenwich 
or Greenland? 

Baseball is fun. Four balls equals a walk, and four walks equals a run So what does 
four runs equal? A relief pitcher. And when you hear, "The barter is up ," does that 
mean the pancakes are ready? First base, second base and third base are OK, but why 
home plate? I wouldn't eat my pancakes off of home plate. And what in the world does 
balk mean? Is It just a misspelled walk7 Or is it a walk with a ball? A ball with a walk? 

Baseball is fun, Four balls equals a walk, and 
four walks equals a run. So what does four runs 
equal? A relief pitcher, And when you hear, "The 
batter is Up," does that mean thejancakes are 
ready? Fifst base, second base an third base are 
OK, but why home plate? I wouldn't eat my 
pancakes off of home plate. 

A balk with a wall? And what is this fetish with airborne creatures? We've got bats, 
fowls and an assonment of nies. There are shon nies, long flies, pop nies and lazy 
nies. The ballpark is a paradise for spiders and frogs . And how can a team be one half 
of a game back in the Slandings? What exactly is a half game7 Is it four and one half 
innings? Did only one team get to bat? If so, no wonder they're back in the standings. 
And what about calling the tide games the World Series? Football can hardly get away 
with Super Bowl, but World Series? Cmon - when was the last time East Germany 
played in the World Series? 

lee skating tenninology can also get rather confusing. There's the jump, the three 
jump, the loop jump, split loop, triple-toe loop, hoola loop, and Coop'a1oop. Wow! My 
tongue hurts already. But there's more. You've got the toe spin, the flat-foot spin, cross-
foot spin, change-foot spin , sit spin , camel spin, donkey spin, knee spin, leg spin and 
shin splints. 

. The lure of bowling is its apparent simplicity: even a novice can score a strike. The 
therapeutic value of heaving the ball down the lane to smash into the pins has 
provided almost universal relief from the stresses of the modem world. Basically, 
bowling is a simple span played by simpletons. Bowling tenns illustrate this . There are 
strikes, guners, turkeys and Brooklyns. People go bowling If there is nothing else to do. 

Some spons such as curling are foreign to most Americans, and therefore tenns for 
these sports are rather unfamiliar. [n curling, both the playing area and the team are 
called a rink. Why? ~id they run out of words to use? A typical play is when the skip 
(team captain) soops the stone along the hack or cramp it past the hog score and into 
the house. Whatever. 

Soccer is the most popular sport in the world, yet it boasts very unpopular terms. 
There's the reverse ball and the over-the-ball, but then it gets violent. There's the 
hospital ball , kiUing the ball and the dead ball. Feinting to dribble or pass one way, 
and then going the other in order to beat an opponent, is called selling a dummy . 
Unless, of course, the dummy has a no-trade clause in his contract. 

But the most bewildering of aU Sports terminology I that of su rfi ng. The activity of 
the early Pacific islanders has become both span and cult. To lose comrol on a wave 
and be totally engulfed by It is called a wipe our. Makes sense . But what is hanging five 
or ten? Is it rhumbtacking a Lincoln or a Hamilton Onto the wall? Surfers are always 
working up an appetite , so It'S no wonder that they hotdog through the soup. Rip, face 
and curl are mighty bizarre, but shooting the tube makes no sense at all . And what the 
hell is a goofy footer? 

God, [ feel like a housewife , 

SVMMERJOBS 
Make a Difference in Election '84 

Work in Social, Consumer, and Environmental 
issues with CaIPIRG, the state's largest public 
interest lobby. Summer/Permanent positions 
available on citizen outreach staff. $ 135,225/wk. 
For more information call Lee, 279-5553. 

HAIRCUTS $995 
Includes: 

• Shampoo 
• Conditioner 

only 

, AIR 
DESIGNS 

Also Featuring: 
Curls, Relaxers and Waves 

PERMS $2495 
Includes: 

• Shampoo 
• Conditioner 

only 

Using TCB Products With Specialists Willie or Ike 

OPEN 7 DAYS 
APPOINTMENT NOT NECESSARY 

UNIVERSITY TOWNE CENTRE - 455-0420 

Beachcombing 
Backpacking 
Rockclimbing 
$125 

leave June 11 
return June 23 

-



... ,. 

, 

20 June 4 1984 
SPORTS . 
~~~, ::... ,' ... ,' ... ' ~""·rK' , ... ;.:..... . ...... f.,,", "., '« ~, .... . 

. , x ' 

This is my wave, baby don't cut me off 

5' 

fEACtt 
. : .• !~ • ' .... . ' ...... " ""; : . ,, "" . ~ . 

., 

2.0 1 

.... • • , I' II ' .' . . -
·.~"" \ T , ~ "t -"-

. ,~ ..... \ .. ', . \ 
.. 

, . -
" ~ \' ',' 

.... . ' " 
.. . 

.' . 

. ~ :' I' .' ;. 

. . 
.- ... . :. '"" .... ~ .... "', 

.... ':' . ' '. .' 

By MICHAEL AHN 
Waveage. 
It's like, how does one begin to talk 

about something like bodysurfing? A 
great deal of those who do it aren't 
exactly sure if it 's a sport, a hobby, a 
religion or a way of life. The trouble 
begins with the simple definition of 
what it is. One conversation went 
something like this: 

"Rock . I have to talk about surfing." 
"Yeah. dude ." 
· Well. what IS It? Where do I begm?" 
"Hey. JUSt tell It like it is, man. Talk 

about It" 
"Then what IS It7" 
"You know. Human sacrifice." 
An intense descnptlon . Yes. it's one 

thing to stand on a board , and quite 
somethmg else to lie down inSIde of a 
wave, have it take you and give you a 
thrill or make things very rough. 

It isn't all that dangerous. Riding 
shorebreak IS dangerous. Body-womping 
looks senseless, and those who do it 
seem absorbed with self-abuse, but it 
really isn't aU that much different from 
catching waves outside of the 
shorebreak. You just pay a higher price. 

Bodysurfing is littered with little 
stories and legends that give the sport a 
feeling of random. casual viciousness. 
That is. people love to tell stOries of 
extremely painful rides almost as much 
as they like to talk about the good ones. 

Unlim. train travel : 16 countries 
$290: one month youth pass 

$260: 1S-day first class 
ISSUED ON THE SPOT 
Call for Free Brochure 

COUNCIL TRAVEL 
452·0630 

UCSD Student Center B·023 
La JolJa, CA. 92093 

I50 YRS 

"Rock, what happened to your face?" 
"I went bodysurfing." 
"You look like you were mauled" 
"1 caught this wall and got flipped 

righl over. It was breaking in knee-deep 
waler. and my face got pushed into the 
bottom." 

"Ouch." 
"It was awesome." 
By "awesome." Rock means that the 

experience was strangely exhilarating, 
somethmg like crashing in a car and 
nOt feeling good about it. but still being 
glad to be alive and breathing. A lot of 
bodysurfers believe for some reason that 
pain is discovery, that in doing 
something phySIcally chaotic one will 
learn somethmg. 

"Let's check OUt Boomers." 
"[ don 't lIke it there . There's too many 

rocks ." 
'That makes it more interesting. 

Besides, you won't hit bottom." 
"I thought you said that when you 

first Went there your cousin ripped open 
his arm." 

' Yeah, it was rad." 
"And [ thought you said that once you 

almost drowned there because you were 
caught under for almost half a minute ." 

"So what?" 
"So what? You almost died!" 
"Let's go to Boomers." 
"OK, let's do it. " 

o 

If you have 
diarrhea that 

began within the .ast 48 hn and 
would like to participate In an 
Investigational drug study at the 
V .A, Hospital call Cheryl 
Beaumont or Steve Pandol M.D. 
(453-75001 ext 3284 for more 
Info. Upon completion of the 
studY)'DU will receive 525. 

All our stores celebrate our new Old Town location 

GRAND OPENING SALE 
r - - -7r;;K:";; Sivr-; Ai, 'Wdi"erSPOrtso;o;a"'iMi - - -, 
I Cot Eye • $quor •• French WaVlorer" Gtacler SIy1. I 
I ~IIS t:'50Nn&fu .... uru I 
I Cal E~ • • 11., 110"''''' .'" I $4-8 $ 99 I 

, -""-'" 1. I 
I (frenc;hstrt- 58-15 $4.99 I I .I,Q'I I In-.es . l;iutlvt I--'tl,)h,,_lq 
I 100'4 UH,Q YIoIof .,nlrared Pr","""",, S16-25 $8.99 I 

h·.I'iooJl H I' tt~ . , y,t J~I. ., .l1J"') I L _____ C~~ ~ .!'~~~'!..~:.!~.:.. ___ . j 
Don 't pay too much for lunglaIMs: We've got the lowest 

prices and best selection from $2.99 to $249.95 
Vuornet " Corr.,o " Raybon· Sly1e E.".I • Sun<:loud. Hoble. Bucct " Bolle . C9be. Etc " .Ic. 

Paci/<'c E 'fCJ. £ 71-
Old Town 

2d61 Son Diego Ave 
(next to Old Town MeXican COle) 

692-0059 

Open 7 Day. and Night. 
La Jolla 

10.30 Torrey PinoS lid 
(ne~t to Yogurt AltOlf) 

454-8006 

Enclnltol 
ldb first Sf 

(Lumberyord ;,naPPing Center) 
942-ll337 

It could be worse . Necks get broken at 
Sandy Beach in Hawaii , and a place 
called The Wedge up in Newport has a 
club made up of maimed bodysurfers 
who gather to watch the healthy ones 
catch waves. 

"NOW!! WAIT! TOO lATE!!" 
Crunch. 
But then you learn ; it gets easy and 

natural to you, like walking. Hours are 
spent in the water with morning and 
afternoon sessions. so much time 
bobbing around that you feel heavy on 
the land. People from Arizona on 
innertubes and styrofoam boards piSS 
you off with their lack of surf etiquette . 
You get used to wetsuit rashes and kelp 
in your shorts. You become a little 
strange. Serious conversations are held 
between you and other surfers about 
hooking up a floodlight off Scripps Pier 
for night sess ions. Salt water drips out 
of your nose constantly, and Jeff Spicoli 
becomes your role model. You seriously 
think you're turning into a fish . You 
identify with dolphins more than with 
your peers. 

If you're new at it. abuse comes 
readily and quickly. sometimes by 
surfers and boogie boarders riding up 
your back with pOinty s ticks with razor-
sharp skegs. Off my wave. man . 

Si nce afternoon sessions tend to look 
like cocktail parties. with dozens of 
wetsulted blondes bobbing around on 
surfboards and in the ' .... ater. it makes 
sense to get up at seven in the morning 
to catch waves. aVOiding the afternoon 
winds and crowds. It's a good time to 
[earn , going out with an experienced 
bodysurfer, [earni ng when and where to 
begin kicking. 

"What about this wave?" 
"No. Wait. It's a wall ." 
"This o ne?" 
"Go out for it. Get to the shoulder." 
"Should 1 go now?" 
"Go," 
"Now?" 
"Now." 
"Right now?" 
"Go nowt" 
"Now?!" 
"Now!! " 
"NOW?!" 

Weird stuff. Total waveage. It's worth 
it on the magic days of offshore winds 
and three- to five -foot sets that curl so 
glassy and slow that it feels like you can 
spend all day getting tubed . It's worth it 
to hear that strange hiss of your body 
dropping in . and even to get crunc hed 
and spend some time underwate~ 
beneath a breaking wave. nothing to do 
but tumble. count to ten and listen to 
the churning ?<Junding like massive . 
muted laughter. So rad. 

Its a jungle out there. 
Resumes. interviews. experience. decisions-it 's enough to scare even the bravest job 
hunter. 

But as a Thomas college temp. you'll work for the best companies in California. In 
more t han 100 positions----{)ffice. financial. marketing. sales. light industrial . data 
processing. 

, 

You 'lI get good money -and pay no fees . 
Work as muchoras little as you want. And get 
firsthand job experience. So when you're 
ready to bag the Big One. you won t have to 
beat the bushes. 

Think of us as jungle 
guides this summer. 
CALL TODAY. 

• Bakersfield. Downey . Fullerton . Glendale . L.A. Central .L.A. West. Long8each • Oakland 
• Ontario . Pasadena. Ri verside. San Bernadino. San Diego. San Fernando Valley 
• San Francisco . San Jose. San Mateo. South Bay/Airport. South Orange County . Ventura 
• West Covina . . 

Don't just have it typed ... HAVE IT TYPESETll 

RESUMES 
The Guardian can typeset your resume the way 

yo,. want it to look. 
Sharp and Professional. 

It may get you the job of your dreams! 
For more information, call The Guardian Business Office: 

452 ... 3466 

Running Thoughts 
By PHIL LAUDER 

'Johnson .. . look at that nice pass to Rambis inside! Easy lay-u ... OH .MY GOD!!! Can 
you believe that?! How could that b~mbling bozo M[SS that?! He .was ng~t underneath 
the hoop! Christ, my goldfish could ve made that one! 1 can t believe It!! 

Thursday evening [ was with a couple friends watching game twO of the NBA . 
Championship Series between Los Angeles and Boston. Being m a somewhat qUiet 
mood . I just sat back as my comrades poured their hearts, souls and, above all. vocal 
cords into this affair. And this was well before the excmng final mmute of regulatlon 
and overtime period. [ can't and won't describe in this family newspaper the . 
verbalizations of my friends (all Lakers fans) as lA handed the contest to the Celtlcs 
on a silver platter. 

Sports get people worked up. This is not a ~ta rtling revelation, but it would make an 
interesting psychoanalytical treatise to determine what In the Simple athle.tJ ~ . 
competition of Others makes the blood pressure of some approach four digits In 
magnitude . 

TI p collegiate sports scene generates as much excitement as any element of sports. 
Collf sports are just plain fun . Removed at le~st on the surface from much of the 
ugliness of the profeSSional level - the wage disputes. the drug scandals. the tradmg 
of athletes like so many recovered cars at a police auction - college sports prOVide an 
extra spark of excitement. . . 

College footbaU rivalries are a good example. To see one half of a TroJan-Brum 
crowd of 80,000 at the Rose Bowl chanting "U, S. C!!". while the other half responds 
with "Bru-ins, Bru-ins!!" is to see the essence of electricity In sports. 

One of my most vivid sports memories is se~ in the San Diego Sports Arena three 
years ago. As a San Diego State student at the time, I got caught up In the wave of 
enthusiasm generated over the coming-out-of-nowhere Aztec me~ s basketball program. 
1 decided to attend State's game against dreaded BYU. the school s nemesIs In all 
sports. it seemed. SDSU had never beinen Brigham Young in basketball. but as the 
attendants passed out red cheering pomporns-on-a-suck at the turnstl[es. the crowd of 
8000 sensed the fact that streaks are made to be broken. About three-quarters throgh 
the Aztecs' 74-72 upset victory that evenin~. 1 got so into one of the Aztec cheers that [ 
shook my pompom just a little too emphatically. sending the top o~ the thmg mto the 
seats six rows below me. [ looked with amazement at the broken stlck In my hand, 
and then shrugged and waved my broken twig to the rhythm of the crowd. Later I 
retrieved the other part of my weapon . which [ still have today as a momento of what 
college sports is all about. 

And then 1 came to UCSD. 
UCSD had a "great" year in sports this year. Three teams in particular - baseball . 

softball and men's soccer - turned programs which were anywhere from medIocre to 
abjectly bad last season into winners this year; all three clubs made the playoffs and 

Intercollegiate athletics at UCSD is not now .nor 
will it ever be what it is at a major (or even mmor) 
Div. I school. Almost every article in the sports 
seoion has to qualify a team's peiformance with 
"ct' 'sidering the Triton~ are Di~sion III, ... " w~ich 
essentially means that Slnce we re not that senous, 
losing by only ten instead of 40 is pretty good. 
came remarkably close to doing serious damage within their respective playoff 
structures. 

Other good performances were turned in by the women's crew team, which won the 
'84 Cal Cup en route to another tremendous season, a~d the men's water polo team, 
which had trouble with Division [ powers but found ~lnmng the D.IV. 11 . and 1Il 
Championship to be mere child's play. Both the men s and women s sWim teams were 
outstanding again in '84. The women's tennis and women's volleyball tearns both . 
finished secpnd in the country - although the fimshes were let-downs consldenng 
that bOth clubs were ranked # 1 until the very. very end. Other top fimshes were the , 
founh place ranking of the men's tennis team and the 14th place showmg of the men s 
golf team at Nationals. 

In shon. the majority of UCSD's 29 intercollegiate tearns were. an~here from good 
to excellent in 1984, so this could justly be termed a great year m UCSD sports. And 
that's why everywhere you go you hear people ta[klng about UCSD spons - on the 
Hump, on the Plaza, in every cafeteria and throughout every lecture hall, there IS sports 
excitement in the air. 

Well .... 
Clearly, intercollegiate athletics at UCSD is not now nor will it ever be ":hat it is at a 

major (or even minor) Div. 1 school. Almost e~ry ~nlc~e In the spons sectl~n has to 
qualify a team's performance with the words consldenng ~he Tntons are DiVISion 
lll ... :· which essentially means that since we're not that senous. losmg by only ten 
instead of by 40 is pretty good. As you may know. Div. III schools are allowed none of 
the athletic scholarships of larger, Divs. [ and n schools. and hence are at an 
Immediate disadvantage . 

Such is the state of athletics at UCSD. [ must admit that .whe~ I transfered .from 
State . [ missed the athletic enthusiasm of the crosstown university. But there IS ~ore to 
coOege than sports - a fact that can escape one at some schools. but not at thiS one. 
Some lament the absence of a great athletics program here. and long for the e,":lte~ent 
of major sports tearns on campus. The rest of us rejoice in the fact th~t . academlcs IS 
first priority and are content to keep the 1A program at its modest. DIVISion III level. 
We are con~em to get all worked up over lakers-CeJtics games. and we leave it at that. 

So yOu will never get all worked up over the nationally-televised NCAA National 
Championship basketball game between North Carol.ina and. UCSD. Nor will the 
Tritons battle Arizona State in the College World Senes. You II never see natlo~a[ 
volleyball ran kings with UClA first . Pepperdme secon~ and UCSD third. :ou.ll , 
probably not even see the re-emergence of this schools football .team. ~nod. But that s 
quite OK. You will see this school in the top five of the academiC ranktngs for years to 
come. UCSD is a powerhouse of a different variety. And even the dle·hard spons fans 
should be able to live with that. 

LIMITED TIME OFFERI 
$139* Reg . $259 

comp .... 
'for myopes only 

BAUSCH. LOMB 
Extended Wear 

Contacts 

Dr. Steven Grossman Optometry 
"Eye Glasses & Designer Frames Also Available" 

243 No. Hwy 101 (THE BOARDWALK) Suit. 8 
481·2277 e SOLANA BEACH 
HOURS: Monday - Saturday 10:00 - 6:00 PM 

PACKAGES 
INCLUDE 

V" Eye Exarn 
V" Fitting 
V" Follow·Up Vi si t 
V" Care·Kit 
" I' we 're nollhe lowesl. 
lei uS know who is! " 

OFFER EXPIRES 6/13/84 

Roberts VW • VOLVO 
@ 
'W 

914eVWeBMW 
Audi Serve ~~~ & 

German Car Specialists 
All work /ully guaranteed. Factory· Trained Specialist 

(619) 454·7823 
(619) 454·3705 
(619) 275·1132 

* We use and recommend Ke"da/~ Lubricants 10 our cuslomers * 

---------------------------------
·(Except Motor & Transmission Overhaul) 

With This Coupon 
(Not valid with any other coupon) 

10% OFF 
On All Repairs* 

The home of the 
35¢ hamburger. 

Under 10 minutes away! 

7140 Miramar Rd. 
San Diego 

... ~~I!!I!!!!!!!!!!!!!~~!!!!!!!!!!!!!!~!!!!!!!~~!!!~IIIIIII .. IIiIlII ... 
BIG MAC@ PACK 

Bil Mac® Sandwich, LarJe Fry, Medium-Size Soft Drink -...... ... ~ 

1.11 Limit on~ coupo n pt'r Just $1.99 1111 custom"r. pcr visi t. PIt'a5c I~ prt's~nl coupon wh~n (plu. tall) II II ord~rin!l . Not valid with any II 
'II oth .. r ofh Only at: II 
II Valid thru 7140 Miramar Rd. II 

~:::~:---.----~~~;~=:~ 

., 

, . 



... 

II " 

Prophet 
lonflllucd JrllllI pc1).(C 11 
health and eating right. "I wanted my 
restaurant to have an atmosphere of 
good feelings ," she says. She bought a 
negative ion generator to take the 
positive ions out of the air. She also 
pla>'ed reggae musiC' "What's important 
in reggae IS the me~<;agp The music, I 
realized, i a weapon." 

And "weapon" is a good word to 
describe reggae because Makeda is a 
warnor of sortS; a warrior for 
brotherhood (and sisterhood) among all 
human bemgs. By playing the "musIc 
with a message ," Makeda hopes to reach 
into people and make them realize wh,\[ 
is going on in this world : "Reggae is 
spiritual. It's positive, it goes beyond 
race, and It opens up the heart ." She 
speaks with conviction, one finger 
pointed accusingly, never breaking eye-
contact. 

The next song to be broadcast has a 
special significance to Makeda. It's "Free 
Nelson Mandela" by Elvis Costello and 
The SpeCial AKA. Mandela, a South 
African Liberation Movement leader. IS 
being martyred in a prison camp for 
fighting against the white minority 
gove rnment in that country. Makeda 
reads Mandela's story from the record 
jacket on the air. She explains that in 
South Africa, a person would be arrested 
for saying 'Free Nelson Mandela ," but in 
the United tates we can use the song 
to keep the Issue alive and make people 
aware. · People can't act until they are 
aware of the problems," she says. 

Wh ile dustmg ofT twO more albums, 
Makeda talks about her orher husmess 
venture, the Prophet Production 
Company, which she also feels will help 
society cope with racism. It puts on 

reggae concerts , shows movies about 
outh Africa and ot her oppressed 

cultures, and plays vi ntage black films. "I 
own three businesses," she exclalflls. 
"They are all SOcially conSCIOUS, so if I 
died now, I would have no regrets." 

But the one medium she believes Will 
have the greatest impact on society is 
still reggae music. While people in more 
closed societies are at risk if they speak 
out against their government, they can 
still voice their opinions with music, 
which is more subtle and equally as 
moving, if not more so. "We can't swp 
it I reggae ). It's about truth, and you can't 
StOp truth ," she says. "Reggae is healilng 
music. That's wh>, I play it. It doesn't lie 
and no one can protest it." 

There is no doubt that reggae is 
growing in popularity in San Diego. 
Though at one time only the tOp names 
like Bob Marley and Peter Tosh were 
known to most , it seems that tastes have 
now diversified. Steel Pulse sold out its 
co ncert at UC D in early May. Makeda 
sees this as the trend for the future : 
"Youth Will li sten to the musIC and it's 
up to them to know the truth. 
Evel)'body's In bondage; that IS what 
we're fighting against. But musIc is the 
weapon of the future, and this will be a 
war fought without firing a single shot." 

This bothers me 
con tinued Jrom page 12 
as the clerk serves the lazy bum. 

And when you're dining with a group 
of people , why is there so much 
confusion over which way to pass the 
food? I've always thought that passing 
clockwise was correct. Other people 
think that counter-clockwise is the right 
way. St ill others prefer the reach 
method .. andi Says" claims that 
passing to the right is proper etique tte . 
"Ms. Manners" says to the left. No one 
knows. There have even been times 
when I've had dishes passed to me from 
both sides at the same time. You would 
think that 111 a ciVilized societ)' such as 
ours we would have established a 
sYStem for passing rood at a table. We've 
come up With every other conceivable 
table manner. 

Have you ever bought a box of 
laundry detergent? The tOP of the box 
has a little area on one side of it where 
you are supposed to open it. This litde 
area is deSignated by a dotted line, and 
it says "Press here" on it. But the area 
isn't perforated m any manner, and 
there's no way that you can press a hole 
in the box. You'll press your thumb off 
before the box will open. YOli have to 
take a sword or blowtorch to the box to 
get it open. Potato chip bags are worse; 
at least laundry detergent boxes look 
fairly durable. Potato chip bags are made 
or thin rransparent plastic that can't be 
tOO tough to tear open. But they are. 
You have to tug at that sucker for five 
minutes before you break into It. Then 
all your chips are smashed. 

If you play slot machines in Vegas or 
Tahoe, you know all about frustration . 
Why is It thar after you found a 

machine, and it paid ofT for awhile, and 
now you've started to lose money on it, 
you still keep playing it? You keep 
thinking that this next pull has to be 
the one. You just keep feeding it and 
hoping this one is it. Feeding and 
hoping. Eventually you spend your 
whole wad and come away empty. As 
you leave the machine muttering under 
your breath , some bozo walks up, drops 
a coin in, and sure enough: JACKPOT! 
He wins a fl ood of mone),. A flood of 
YOUR MONEY! 

Have you ever had to buy pamt ror 
somethmg? You try to judge the amount 
of paim you'll need and then lay down 
big com ror it. Paint is expensive! a 
you go home with your new paint w' d 
start painting. You work all day 
three inches before you're finish the 
paint RUNS OUT! Can you believe It?! 
So you go back to the store to buy a 
pint more, but they only sell that 
panicular color in the gallon size. It 
figures! But you have no other choice, 
so you spend your movie money on 
more paim, go home, and finish up. 
Well, at least now you have a gallon to 
use as touch-up paim when you need it. 
A month later, you discover chipping in 
some spots, so you go get the paint. It's 
dried up! You go back to the store. They. 
no longer caT!)' that particular color. The 
salesman convinces you that this other 
color is JUSt the same. You buy It. You 
go home and touch up the chipped 
Spots. It 's NOT the same! You have to 
repaint the whole thing with the new 
color. You work all day, and three 
i"ches before you finish the paint runs 
out. 

Why does It always rain right after 
you've washed your car?.. 

UC CRAFTS CENTER 

CERA ICSALE 

10 am to 5 pm Thursday & Friday 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 

Revelle Yearbook Is herel Pick up yt::XS copy at 
the R8\lelle Provost office. Hunyl (6/4) 
CONCERNED about the harmful effects cA 
tOlCIc farm and gaden chemicals on Iood. 
water. food. animals. and us? INTERESTED In 
promoting environmentally sound gadening 
and forming practices without the use of 
pestlcldes and artificial fertilizers? If so, YOU 
ARE INVITED to the Call10mla Certified 
Organic Farmers meeting: Tuesday June 26 
7:00 p-n 401 Deer Springs Rd. San Marcos, Call 
Dorothy 755-0141 fof ride Info. (6/7) 
Fbrty/Raflle. SAE rame/party at the Che. 
Friday June 8, otter the TGIO. Refreshments. 
band. Buy your tickets nowl (6/7) 
G-House Alumni - the Wilderness House 
Reunion this Sat. Invites from Keith. G-2 or 
Steve, G.a 1. $3. (6/7) 
Summer job In La Jolla Beach area. Must have 
good references and large vehicle fof 
transport cJ stock to ond from T-shirt stand. 
Good pay incentives (S4/hr guaranteed). 
Call Craig 469-5475 fof more Info. (6/7) 
Groundwork Books' BIg Red Sale June 4-16. 
20% eM evetYIhingl We're located in the 
Student Center next to the Bike Shop. Drop by 
our TGIF June 8. 4:30,6:30. Our summer hours 
start June 18. Tues-Sat 11.a. (6/7) 
Party/Raffle. SAE raffle/party at the Che. 
Friday June 8. otter the TGio. Refreshments. 
band. Buy your tickets nowl (6/7) 
Interested In making someextro cash r::Nef the 
summer? We are looking fof subjects to 
participate In various experiments In 
perception Pay will range from 53.00 to S5.00 
00 hour. Please call BJ or Bob at 452-3006, 
(6/4) 

FOR SALE 

Twin size bed 535. 6-loot couch 535. Coffee 
table $40. Chest cA drawers $15. Dining table 
+4 chairs $40. All In good condition call 
Mansour 452-0764 a 457-0250. (617) 
78 Flat 128 coupe. Very clean. one owner. Fun. 
3Ompg: Best overS900. Call Eric 239-1907/ 455-
1414. Iv msg, (6/7) 
75 Dodge Coronet. 2-door. radio. good condo 
Must sell. golnQ hame to~. ~ - call 
455-6317. (6/4) 
1971 VW Karmann GIl 10. Good cond 52500 
abo. Call BrIan after 6 pm 277-4671. (6/7) 
tvbvlng sale: VW wheel rims with marginal 
tires. Women's scuba suit. double nylon. 
CheapI457-4972 cash, (6/7) 
Schwinn Varsity Ten-speed. good condition. 
f'\8\II tires. S75 (with carrier) Tom 453-6471. 
(6/7) , 
Bike - 10 speed Schwinn Vcnlty.green.good 
cond, $50, must selli Call 4M-9829. (6/7) 
1972 Gremlin f81labIe car. 6cy1 f'\8\II brakes 
good tires: shocks carb muI'I radlata past 1}'J 
','I$; exe uphol S750 abo 452-4469(w) 753-
5001(h) Peter. (6/7) 
Refrigerator - 2 cu n. excellent condition. 
IdeaT fof apartment or dorm room. 575. nm 
452-9518. (6/4) 
Hanggllder: Excellent beginners system. 
Orrus3 U.P. Harness & helmet. Cash. Make 

C 
for 
AppOintment 

offer. 457-4972. (6/ 7) 

WANTED 

CONSULTANTS for ad hoc projects with 
doctoral research credits: Instructional 
Systems Design, Cognitive Psychology. 
Carrputer Uteracy. Resume: ScITech. P.O. Box 
7792. San DIego. CA 92107. (6/4) 
Free rent. trade for parttlme old active profess. 
disabled woman. female preferred. 230-2140 
w; 578-0163 h. (6/7) 
Ex-Biochem TA for private tutoring please call 
457-3394. (6/7) 
SI(l INSTRUCT~S WANTED at Mventure Ski 
SchoOls. encinitas and Fbcl1lc Beach for 
fail/Winter '84 part-time and full-time 
available. Experience helpful. but instructor's 
training cliniC can qualify. If int8leSted/for 
mare Info attend meeting on Monday. June 
11. 10:00 am at AdventlXe Ski School at 
Hansen·s. 1105 Rrst St .• EncInitas. If unable to 
attend meeting call 942-2188. (6/7) 
Crewpersons needed for private yachts local 
& waldvolide. Coli American Sailing Assn. 273-
3013. (6/4) 
Writers! Artists needed - New publication 
seeks short stories, poetry. music r8\llews. fall 
fashion articles. and comics (7Y1x2Y2 ). Submit 
with SASE to: P.O. Box 1068. La Jolla. Ca 92038. 
(6/4) 
We are looking for subjects to participate In a 
5 day typing experiment. The pay Is SS,oo an 
hour for 5 hours. If you can type 60 wpm and 
do not have to type during the 5 days cA the 
experiment please Bob at 452-6220. (6/4) 
Paid Subjects needed for perception 
experiment. $3.00 for 30 minutes work. Please 
call BJ or Bob at 452-3006. (6/4) 

HOUSING 

Roommate \/\IOnted to share huge master 
bedroom with own bath In Mira Mesa house. 
S375 fof June 15 to August 311/6 utllitlesl Pets 
and smokers o.k. I No deposit. Call 271-9705fof 
more Info. (6/4) 
Cordlff Cove. Roommates needed for 3/br. 
2/00 condo 11 miles north of OCSD. furnished. 
new corpets. drapes. appilooC8s. designer 
bathrooms. extensive woodWork. A::cess to 
pool and Jocuzzi. M:>. to mo. Huge large BR -
$315. Single BR - S285. Available July 1. 270-
0349, (6/7) 
Summer !-busIng - Less than 10 min to 
beach and school 2 people needed for 
house vacs. 1 to shOre room. and one to hove 
own room. House overlooks Un!. Oty and San 
Clem. Canyon. Call 272-3809 Joe or Kathy. 
(6/7) 
Fern. rmmate OIIClii in Sept. non-smoker 
studious. Must j',CMt awn bdrm. Can rxzy 

2oo/~. CarolYn 4M-9707. (6/7) 
P.B. roommate needed for 2/br. one bath opt. 
1}'J mlle6 from beach. Single rrn fof $267 
mo+ J.'JutIlitles. Pleterrably tam laundry & 
carport. Call Kathy/Cheryl 483-2700, July 17 
thru Aug. 17. (6/7) 
Unfurn condo S675-7oo. ~2 mths summer. 
neg.. 2+1}'J. pool. jocuzzl. 2 garages. 5' IMlIk 
sch .. 457-3365 Dan. (6/7) 
Roomnate wanted to shaI8 huge master 
bedroom wtth own bath In MIra Mesa hause. 
5375 for June 15 to August 311/6 utH1t1es1 Pets 

and smokers o.k. I No depo&lt. Coli 27 1-9705 for 
more Info. (6/4) 
Want male nonsmoking roomate condo 
IMllklrlQ dist UCSD S16O/mo 457-2327 ask fof 
Rus. (6/7) 
For summer 1 bdr wbath furnished M or F non-
smoker Balboa & Genessee +pooI S2oo/mo 
+ ~utll. Call 569-7705. (6/7) 
WId: 2 female roomies for summer. 5230 CNln 
rm. fum. Near UTC. UCSD. Jacuzzi + extras. 457-
0469 8\les. (6/7) 
Rooms(2) 0IICl1l in condo near UTe. PooI-
Jacuzzi-Tennis etc, Great deal call Tom 453-
6471 . (6/7) 
ROOMATE WANTED 262/mo + 17util. Starting 
June 16. Just north of UTC. near campus. Call 
Brandyn 450-2190. (9/7) 

SERVICES 
WORD PROCESSING: Speedy service. Pickup 
& delivery on campus. Call Andy at 279-8056. 
(6/7) 
Need a typisn Reasonable - speedy -
occurate. Thesis - papers - journal articles 
- Kathie 576-1277. (6/7) 
ComputeriZed word processing. Term papers. 
theses, dissertations. Exper ienced. 
dependable. 481-0268. (6/7) 
Typing. IMlrd processing. tape transcription. 
QJality work at reasonable rates. La Jolla. 
Sandy, 459-5818. (6/7) 
UNINANTED HAIR REMOJED PERMANENTLY 
nea campus. La Jolla Professional Center. 
8950 Villa La Jolla Dr. Suite 116O-C Call for 
appt 457-4039. (6/7) 
Typingl Word Processlngl Rush jobsl Term 
papers. theses. resumes. transcription. 
Jennifer @ 274-5005. (6/7) 
TYPING: IBM RUSH JOBS term papers theses 
dissertations editing 4s:Hl656 (eve) 452-1588. 
(6/7) 

- -lYPlNG - Term papers -theses- resumes. Fast. 
reasonable. Pacific Beach. Carole 483-9109. 
(6/7) 
Typing S1/pg discount w/ this ad. At Kinko's 
CopIes In L1 Village Sq. ( across from campus) 
232-9797. (6/7) 
Top Drawer Secretarial Service reports. 
moruscrlpts. resumes. letters. Reasonable 
call 481-4160. (6/7) 
Bwe Secretarial. Try our typing I Rush jobs 
speciolty - flexible hrs. La Jolla 455-6310 
days/457-38428\1e. (6/7) 
Traffic Classes. Court ApprOlied. Sat. Sun. eves. 
UTC. Mission Vallev. Torrev PInes Inn. Reg. 565-
1767. (6/4) 
Typing. We are fast. accurate. close to 
compus. S1.25/page. Mer 5:30 & wkends. 
Susan 457-5638 or Fran 298-0778. (6/7) 
Professional Typing. Term papers. theses 
resumes. etc. Call Beckie after 5 or weekends. 
279-3410. (6/4) 
Exceptional typing; all kinds. Super IBM III. Fast. 
precise, spelling. 5 min. away. Mariann 450-
113&. (6/7) 

LOST Be FOUND 
Found: mitt. Call Mike to identify 450-9091 . If 
not there try again. (6/4) 
Found: Blue sweatshirt on Muir Field. Call 
Dwight 481-1386. (6/4) 

Found: Watch. Call to Identify. DwIght 481-
1386. (6/4) 
LOll: Blue UCSD folder w/irrportant and vital 
information. Garren hall or BlaMed Library. 
Coli Joe at 481-7101 or 450-0267. (6/7) 
Stolen scuba gear on 6/1 . Any information. 
please coli Chris Kanlgge. 455-0468. Reword. 
(6/7) 
Lost: Immigration Card, Please call Ana 
Gabriela Manriquez at 455-1668. Reword. 
(6/7) 
Found glass case with drivers license. and 
bank card. This means you Brldget. Pick up 
after identitylng at ·Edna. (6/7) 

TRAVEL 

Council travel/CIEE provides information on 
student charters. rallpasses. inrl student id's, 
hostel cords. tours for ages 18-35. work and 
study programs. and much more. Stop by the 
Student Center or coli 452-0630. (6/7) 
AIRFARES. Worldvolide for students. Int'I student 
1.0, cards. tours. railpasses, experienced 
adVIce. AJI your travel needs - Student Travel 
Network. 1551 Camino del Rio South - 692-
9213. (6/7) 
PERY Super Saver S699 round trip plus free 
flight to one city and Mexico call 481-6358. 
(6/7) 

PERSONALS 

Last chance to doocel Saturday before finals. 
6/9/84 - Live Rock 'n Roll at R8\lelle Quad 8-
10 pm. Come on. you \NOn't study a~. 
(6/4) 
CH You will receive an A+ for those extra "8 
units" you tookllhat ought to boost your g .p.a . 
ML (6/4) 
Sigma Kappa INelcomes and congratulates 
our great f'\8\II initiates. Enjoy EKI (6/4) 
AI-man, The Dodgers will miss you and so will I. 
Hurry back! Love from a Steve Sax fan. (6/4) 
Jim and Rich - Congratulationsl You finally 
made It. I'U miss you. Your fourth roommate. 
(6/4) 
Congratulations EK Initiatesl Sandy. 
Stephanie. Alison Candice. Amy. Margot, 
Margie. Jill. Lupe. Cathy. and Undo. Sigma 
Kappa loves youl (6/4) 
Pregnonn Choose alternatives to abortion. 
San Diego PrO-Life League Holline: 583-5433. 
941-1515. (6/4) 
Jim - You're the best boyfriend a gir1 could 
hOv'e. IIOIIe you l Alexa. (6/4) 
Party/ Raflle. SAE raffle/party ot the Che. 
friday June 8. after the TGIO. Retreshmen~. 
band. Buy your tickets nowl (6/7) 
TKE's #1 . Irs been a great year Clnd next year 
will be better I Have a great summer I VlTB John 
Pelskl. (6/7) 
Susan (Fathead#1) and Allison (Fathead#2) 
Thanks for a great quarterl Let's don't stopl 
John (Fatheacl#3). (6/7) 
Beff. are you growing that moustache to look 
like Tom Selleck? I still like you in spite 01 it. 
nger. (6/4) 
Nancy E: you're terrific In the Wlldernessl Let·s 
try it again at the G-House Reunion. Sat .. at 9. 
John D. (6/4) 

Sunrise to Sunset 
Our Dentists are Available 

• 24-Hour Emergency Service 
• Saturdays 
• Faculty, Staff & Student Rates. 

Call for Information 

455-9151 --
~-~- .------------------------, J - t:!' I Get Acquainted Offer I ~ .... ~= I : $ 2 9 1·!~=StiC X·Rays I 

'0 ~ .... "'" I • Examination I 
, - :=n I • Praphy (cleaning) I 

-1.J I !'his spe~,aI 110t v.ol,d I 
.1 VILLA LA JOlLA 111., l1li1 1 __ w!h.!n~'!tw::..".!!.~::.. ____ ?f!!.'_~I!:!.S!!}~~ __ J 



I . 
, U ER 

~E~S~SI~~~~~~1~~~~~~JUNE 25-AUGU5T ~1984 
The UCSD Summer Session is pleased to announce that the following 

courses are being offered in the 1984 Summer Session. 

AMES 10: FORTRAN Programming 
Anthro 55: Computer Uses in the Social Sciences 
Biology 1: The Cell 
-Biology 2: Multicellular life 
Biology 21 : Introduction to Underwater Biology 
Biology 24: Marine Biology 
Biology 131: Genetics 
Chemistry 6A: General Chemistry 
Chemistry 140A: Organic Chemistry 
-Drama 13: Introduction to Design for the Theatre 
-Drama 136: Freeing the Voice 
-Drama 138: Advanced Acting 
Drama 147: Shakespeare on Stage 
Earth Sci. 3: An Introduction to the Oceans 
Earth Sci. 3L: An Introduction to the Oceans LaboratOfY 
Economics 1A & B: Elements of Economics 
Economics 4: Accounting Principles 
-EECS 51A & B: Network Analysis 
EECS 52ABCL: Components & Elementary Measurements Laboratory 
EECS 61 : Introduction to Computer Science 
-EECS 65: Introduction to Programming Th90fY 
-EECS 70: Introduction to Systems Programming 
EECS 1 tfJA & B: Foundations of Computer Science 
EECS 161A & B: Data Structures I & II 
-EECS 165: Algorithms. Automata. and Formal Languages 
-EECS 170A: PrinCiples of Computer System Design 
EECS 179: AnalysiS of Algorithms 
-History 24: Origins & Consequences of Underdevelopment 
History 126: Vienna 1900: Sex. Psyche. and Politics 
History 180: The Varieties of Japan (4-week trip to Japan) 
lit/Eng 22: The English literary Imagination: Neoclassicism & 

Romanticism 
-lit/Eng 112: Shakespeare I: The Elizabethan Period 
- lit/Eng 148: Genres in English & American literature 
Lit/Eng 149: Themes in English & American literature 
lit/Eng 156: American Literature From the Civil War to VWI/ I: Mark Twain 
Lit/Eng 158: Modem American Literature 
lit/Gen 142: Genres in Russian Literature in Translation: the 19th 

Century Novel 
-lit/Gen 163: Children's literature & Film 
lit/Gen 164: Fantasy & Science Fiction: Modem Fantasy - e.S. Lewis 

& J.R.R. Tolkien 
Lit/Greek 4: Intensive Elementary Greek 
lit/Latin 4: Intensive Elementary Latin 
lit/Spanish 7: Introductory Intensive Spanish 
Lit/Spanish 266: Language Teaching: Theory & Methodology 
lit/Writ 11 : Fiction Workshop 

lit;Writ 125: Persuasion 

Lit;Writ 141: The Process of Writing 
Math 1A 1B. 1C: Elements of Mathematical Analysis 
Math 2A 2B. 2C: Calculus & Analytic Geometry 
-Math 2D & 2DA: Introduction to Differential Equations 
Math 2E: Matrices & linear Transformations 
Math 2EA: Introduction to linear Algebra 
Math 2F: Calculus of functions of Several Variables 
Math 4C: Elementary functions 
-Math 75: Intrcx::Juctlon to Computer Programming 
Math 110: Introduction to Portlal Differential Equations 
Math 12OA: EI~nts of Complex Analysis 
-Math 175: Elements of Computer Programming 
-Muir College 10: College Writing 
-Muir College 20: Advanced College Writing 
P.E. 14A & C & D: Tennis 
-P.E. 16C: Sand Volleyball 
P.E. 22.A & B & C: Jazz Dance 
P.E. 23A: Beginning Ballet 
Physics LAS: Mechanics (self-paced) 
PhysiCS 2BS: ElectriCity & Magnetism (self-paced) 
Physics 2CS: Heat. Waves. & Optics (self-paced) 
PhysiCS 2DS: RelatMty & Quantum Physics (self-paced) 
·PoI Sci 10: American Politics 
·PoI Sci 11: Comparative Politics 
Pol Sci 100B: The U.s. Congress 
Psychology 1: Introductory Psychology 
Psychology 12: Emotional Factors In Personality. Development & Social 

Behavior 
-Psychology 19: Introduction to Personality 
·Psychology 104: Introduction to Social Psychology 
-Psychology 106: Introduction to Physiological Psychology 
Psychology 132: Psychopharmacology 
Psychology 151: Control & AnalySis of Human BehOvlor 
Sociology 10: American Society: Social Structure & Culture In the U.S. 
Sociology 119: Lo.te. Intimacy. Sex 
Sociology 127: Comparative Educational Sociology 
Sociology 156: Sociology of Religion 
·Soclology 188E: SoIlet Society 
·TCCP 10B & 1OC: ExposItory Writing I & /I 
·lWS 24: OrIgins & Consequences of Underdevelopment 
·USP 12: Introduction to Urban Studies & Policy 
·VA 160: Photography 
VA 168: Color Techniques In Photography 
·VA 194: Fantasy in Film 
Warren College 10A & B: The Writing Course 

----------------REGISTRATION DEADLINE: JUNE 15. 1984----------:-----

Come by the Summer Session Office, 101A Administrative Complex. to receive a free 
Summer Session catalog and registration form or call 452-4364, 

• Evening courses, 


