


According to Berkdey's Dai!y 
Californian. a petition drive to charter a 
UC Berkeley student- and alumni-
owned and operated federal credit 
union is currently underway there. 

According to Debbie Kinney. one of 
15 students working to get the Cal 
Berkeley Federal Credit Union 
Association from the drafting table to its 
final stages. UC students have expressed 
great interest in establishing a credit 
union on campus . 

A summer survey that Kinney 
I=onducted indicated that about two-
thirds of UC students would be 
interested in the financial services a 
credit union would provide . 

The 15 students . who are temporarily 
acting as a board of directors until the 
credit union is established . are 
circulating twO petitions. 

One petition is a demonstration of 
intent which asks students to certify the 
need [or a credit union by indicating 
how much money they would initially 
deposit and how much they would save 
monthly. There is no obligation for 
those who sign . 

The credit union's acting board of 
directors hopes to gather about 2,000 
signarures on each petition . 

Kinney said the difference beTWeen a 
credit union and a bank is that a credit 
union is a member-owned financial 
insticution which specifically defines its 
own membership, whereas stockholders 
own a bank and its services are open to 
the general public. 

Those UC Berkeley students and 
alumni who save with the credit union 
will have a direct say in the policies of 
the credit union. 

Members will elect officers among 
themselves to run the credit union and 
will decide policies such as whether the 
credit union should offer higher account 
rates and fewer services or lower 
account rates and more services. 

In a bank, the average account holder 
has practically no influence on bank 
policy unless he or she also owns a 
considerable amount of stock in the 
bank. 

Unlike a bank , where some of the 
profits are given ro owners and top 
executives as bonuses, a credit union 
returns all excess profit back to its 
members in the fonn of dividends or 
interest refunds on loans. 

Jaime Colmenares, vice preSident of 
the acting board of directors , said the 
type of services the credit union offers 
will be entirely up to the members. He 
said some of the services a credit union 
eventually might provide include higher 
interest-bearing checking accounts with 
lower minimums and no service fees, 
low-interest loans (0 students trying to 
stan a business, establishing student 
credit, free credit cards, 24-hour 
automated teller, Saturday service, 
financial planning, access to price club 
membership, direct depOSit, payroll 
reduction , travelers' checks and foreign 
currency exchange . 

D 
A UCSD associate professor was 

recently awarded the 1984 Frederick 

Jackson Turner Award , from the 
Organization of American Historians, for 
his first book, The Roots of Southern 
Populism, according to history 
depanment chair David Ringrose . 

Steven Hahn , who teaches in UCSD's 
Depanment of History, said he was very 
pleased with the award . which is 
traditionally given to the best first book 
by an author in any field of United 
States history, and published by a 
universIty press. 

The book is about yeoman farmers 
who, after the Civil War, broke with 
political orthodoxy and rallied to the 
Populist alternative, the largest third 
parry movement in American his lOry. 

Hahn offers a new perspective on the 
rise of agrarian radicalism in the late 
19th century South. 

Drawing upon both literary and 
quantitative sources, the study sheds 
light on the long-neglected Southern 
white common folk, while also 
encompassing diverse social groups and 
settings. The book was published by 
Oxford University Press. 

Hahn joined the UCSD faculty in 
1981. Prior to that he was an assistant 
professor of history at the University of 
Delaware. 

o 
In a cavernous shop at the Los 

Alamos National Laboratory, machinists 
are building miniatures. Metal and 
plastic pans. some so tiny they can only 
be examined under a microscope, are 
machined with ultraprecision for many 
unique applications. 

"Machining is vastly superior 10 other 
fabrication processes," says Richard 
Rhorer, head of the Mechanical 
Fabrication Division's Manufacturing 
Development Group. "Our unusual 
ability to machine tiny parts and 
smooth mirror surfaces often makes new 
research efforts possible that couldn't 
otherwise be accomplished: 

Miniature pieces are designed at Los 
Alamos for use in new experimental 
devices requiring precise shapes that fit 
perfectly into place . Industrial 
applications of the technique could 
include machining of specialized optical 
instruments, precision mechanical watch 
pieces, or any other faultless miniature 
mechanical part for a high-precision 
machine. 

Rhorer says laboratory machinists can 
also produce smooth metal surfaces that 
match the mirror-sheen of a polished 
surface, and take much less time to 
comple te the product. These glossy 
metal surfaces are needed to accurately 
guide laser beams to their target and for 
other new research effons requiring 
highly reflective surfaces. 

Ultraprecision machining is possible 
with the aid of computer-controUed 
lathes, diamond bits and other new 
tooling machinery, says Rhorer. Los 
Alamos currently has three special 
commercial computer-based controllers 
that provide a machining resolution up 
10 a micro-inch-one miUionth of an 
inch . He points Out that this is 100 
times smaller than most machined 
precision "miniature" pal1s used by 

~----------~----------~ 
~: ••• + • t .- • • t -t' t " •• ., t -1 t ..... 
~ - .f-! • ~ t 

• '~. I I ' '. t . t f ~ r- -r' I· 1-' 
:.;;: .:~ ~ ~I-

.( . ~~ .. 
'I ~~; Ij /I~~ ~~~~~~ r~~ r ~ : ~~I j +" ~ '.~'~~~- ~I · ~ r ~~ 1- ~ ~~ ~L,. " ~ .. ~ l-

-rr 1~ VI S ~'I!! ~" . ' I> . 7T:.. .'.1"'" 
IL /l. .1 l< rl .lll! 

. ...:':" 
. VO" I' , rI /Jb ... ~I 

I 

Cover: The results of the Student Health Service 
survey you (may have) filled out last spring have been 
compiled. Read about UCSD habits in eating, 
drinking, smoking and carousing (?) in the cover 
story on page 7. 
News: The UCSD Law School is no longer, an update on the 
problems with voter registration via "bounty hunters," and 
Med School scientists have isolated a major ponion of a gene 
related to a fatal disorder. 
Opinions: Comments from the out-going and in-coming 
Opinions editors, commentaries on UCSD architecture and 
billions and billions for books, plus letters and Doonesbury. 
Perspeclh<es: Two views of the Big Apple, from the top ofthe 
tower to the dingy streets below. 
Sports: The men's basketball season is on the horizon-a 
preview of coming attractions. Also, UCSO's crew teams get 
an early jump on the upcoming season. 
Hiatus: UCSO's Center for Music Experimentation features 
computer music, the UCSD TheatT(. presents A Lesson From 
Aloes, plus Artist Insight, Eatbeat, the Movie Guide, Goings 
On and Bob's Books. All this and more. 

COVER GRAPHIC BY TOM PLONKA 

industry, such as those in airplanes. 
The special computers are 

programmed to control the cutting 
motions of commercial precision-
machining equipment, modified by 
laboratory engineers to facilitate the 
machining of unique shapes and sizes. 
Another unusual feacure of the 
machining equipment is a laser 
interferometer that uses light waves as a 
"yardstick" (0 position the cutting tool 
in its delicate work. 

o 
Seventy space experts from across the 

country will gather in Los Alamos next 
week for a major three-day strategy 
session. 

"We'll be thrashing out some very 
imponant problems," says Peter Gary of 
the Lab's Earth and Space Sciences 
Division. "What we do may well 
contribute to the future direction of 
many important NASA projects." 

The meeting has attracted space-
plasma physicists from universities, 
industry, federal agencies, and the 
military. 

Space-plasma physicists grapple with 
a number of intriguing scientific 
questions. 

For example, how is our climate 
affected by the supersonic flow of 
ionized hydrogen, helium, and other 
matter that spews ofT the sun and 
sweeps past the Earth at a million miles-
an-hour? 

Also , could this swift, solar wind blow 

potentiaUy heakh-thieatening bursts of 
charged panicles toward astronauts 
manning space flights. located on space 
stations or working at luTtar bases? 

Moreover, will investigations of 
plasma in space reap vital information 
that might make the thennonuclear 
reactions that drive the sun, or fusion 
power, easier (0 achieve in a controlled 
fashion on Earth? 

Space is filled with plasma-often 
described as the fourth state of matter, 
after solids, liquids, and gases. 

"There is a lot we don't understand 
about the behavior of plasma in space, 
but we have (0 find OUI. The answers 
could be very impor.tant, especiaUy with 
the talk of longer space nights, and the 
possiblity of lunar bases," says Gary. 

The National Aeronautics and Space 
Administration (NASA) funds a special 
program devoted to the theoretical study 
of space-plasma properties. 

At desks, and in front of computer 
terminals, scientists try (0 develop 
theoretical models that may someday 
accurately describe the Sun-Space-Earth 
plasma relationship. 

Conference panicipants will review 
the past year's research, and discuss the 
direction of future effons. 

Researchers from Colorado, Harvard, 
Maryland, New Hampshire, Rice, 
Stanford, Utah State, and University of 
California campuses at Los Angeles and 
Irvi ne will attend. 

-Sean WaptaiJ 

Thursday. Nov. 15. 198.. 3 

Political parties trash student voters 
By CHRISTOPHER CANOLE. Slaff Writer 
"A NYTIME YOU ofTer money 

for voter registration, an 
dement is introduced that 

shouldn't be part of our political 
system: said officer Linda Bunch of the 
San Diego County Registrar of Voters, 
referring to the estimated 5150,000 paid 
by the Republican and Democratic 
National Committees to "bounty 
hunters" who have come under 
suspicion for possible registration fraud. 

"AI. first I had bad feelings about 
coDecti ng a bounty for registering 
students to vote," said Lauri Shirck, 
former County Chainnan of Youth for 
Reagan, "But then I realized students 
needed a swift kick if they were going 
(0 register. Now I think the 'Get Out The 
Vote' (GOlV) campaign is a wonderful 
thing." 

Seventy-five UCSD Young Republicans 
participated in GOtv and registered 
1,100 students. "Back in Januaty the San 
Diego Republican Campaign 
Headquaners started pushing GOTV 
hard and began offering a bounty for 
each registration we obtained," said 
Shirck. "Instead of coUecting bounties 
individuaDy we decided to have a 
competition beTWeen the different San 
Diego colleges. The college Republican 
Youth group that won received the total 
bounty." 

Shirck had many contacts with the 
bounty hunters who worked on their 
own here at UCSD. "Most of them 
averaged beTWeen $15-$20 an hour. 1 
don't know how many students they 
registered but some of them worked 
eight hours a day, five days a week," 
said Shirck.. 

Some of the bounty hunters were 
easily identified by their "Republicans 
register here" or Democratic "Rainbow" 
signs. But most just used the County 
Registar of Voters banner. giving the 
impression they worked for the County 
Registrar of Voters. 

Hal Home, Democratic field 
coordinator explained the origins of 
bounty hunters. In 1976 the Registrar of 
Voters changed its policy of requiring a 
voter registration volunteer (0 be a legal 
deputy of the Registrar's Office. As a 
result, anyone could obtain registration 
forms. These people were legally 
obligated to the State of California, but 
any intentional altering of a fonn was 
punishable only as a misdemeanor. 

In 19tH, then Attorney General 
George Deukmejian interpreted a 
loophole in the law by determining that 
these volunteers were not employees of 
the State of California. He reasoned that 
if they were either volunteers or paid 
political party workers, they were not 
obligated to register a person . This 
meant that if a person was sitting 
behind a Regisrrar of Voters banner, he 
or she was obligated to give you an 
application but could refuse to accept 
the completed application. 

Home said that even though both 
panies instructed their workers on the 
law, some bounty. hunters interpreted 
that as meaning they could take the 
completed form and then not rurn iI in 
to the Registrar of Voters. 

"Most people haven't the faintest idea 
of the changes in voter registration," 
said Home. "We had a case of an 
eyewitness reporting a bounty hunter 
throwing away completed fonns in the 
trash. But like many people who witness 
a crime, the witness didn't want (0 get 
involved." 

Trashing of registration fonns is 
estimated by both the Republicans and 
Democrats to be approximately 2% of 
the registered voters in San Diego, 
totaling 10,000-20,000 reSidents: and 
perhaps 12-1S million citizens 
nationwide. Neither polilical party 
expressed much concern with this small 
number, being satisfied with the 98% 
new registrants. 

But according to Project Vote, of the 
people who tend (0 register only 
because of the overt bounty hunter's 
hustle, only 2% actuaUy vOle in an 
election. Thus for every new voter a 
party gains they also nullify one vote 
from the opposmg party. 

Who is responsible for the trashing of 
registration forms? Bunch explained that 
the Registrar of Voters only recorded the 
Ttame of the political parry officials who 
picked up the thousands of forms for 
party headquarters (0 be dismbuted to 
bounty hunters. The Democratic party 
conducted its own bounty hunting 
campaign, under the Ttame Project Vote, 
which paid 51 for each Democratic 
form completed and 51.25 each if the 
hunter registered 25 or more people a 
day. Project Vote received $1.S5 for 
each valid registration a canvasser 
secured from the Democratic National 
Party headquarters. 

The Republican parry hired the 
KimbaU Company (0 organize its bounty 
payments. Hunters preferred (0 work for 
the Republicans who paid $1.50 directly 
(0 the hunters for each registrant. 

Bounties were paid even for change 
of address registratiOns. One hunter 
familiar to UCSD students pOSitioned 
himself on the walkway between Urey 
Hall and the Gym calling out, "If you 
have changed your address since the 
last election, you must re-register to 
vote ." Home said this was the most 
subtle and highest money grossing 
registration hustle. 

In the October 11 issue of the Reader , 
Paul Krueger's "Inside Story" revealed the 
various methods of hustling used to con 
potential registrants into changing their 
political affiliation to that of the hunter's 
employer. 

The standard policy for both parties 
. was to have the hunter submit a "bounty 

sheet' with the completed cards to the 
local headquaners for payment. At this 
point both Hal Home and Filbert 
Bournon, director of the Republican 
parry headquarters, were vague about 
who actually handled the registration 
forms of people nor of their parry. 

La'uri Shirck said· the UCSD student 
GOTV workers submitted aD fonns to 
party headquaners. But both pany 
directors said they only accepted forms 
that they paid bounties for, and it was 
the responsiblity of the hunters to either 
drop the completed forms off at the 
Registrar's Office or mail them in at a 
cost of 20¢ each. 

. -

The Registrar 01 Voters is aware 01 
possible trashing as weD as altering by 
changing pany affiliation to collect 
higher bounties. Bunch would not 
speculate if the bounty hunters or party 
officials were altering fonns . She said 
apprOXimately one third of the 
complaint calls to her office came from 
registrants who received voter 
information from the opposite party. 
The Registrar's procedure, when a 
complaint is caDed in, is to change the 
computer record and send out the 
proper packet. This limits investigation 
of possible registration fraud. 

The week before the election, the 
Registrar's office received a significant 
increase in the number of caBs from 
voters who thought they were registered 
but had received no voter packet. Here 
again the numbers are unknown 
because the Regisrrar does not keep a 
tally of the number of caBs received. 
Even if people kept their registration 
stubs they were not aBowed to vote. And 
since the only names kept by the 
Registrar's office were those of the 
campaign officials who obtained the 
fonns , Bunch said it would be almost 
impossible to locate the bounty hunter 
responsible for trashing a form without 
the political party's bounty sheets. 

The trashed forms are an uncountable 
number because when average citizens 

call into the Registrar of Voters to 
complain they are told , "I am sorry, but 
nothing can be done. [ am not here to 
listen to your complaints. If you contact 
your panicular political parry, perhaps 
they can better explain the situation." So 
thousands of victims of registration 
fraud assume the error was clerical. 

Even though the election is over, this 
situation is expected not only to 
continue, but to grow. During the 1980 
Presidential campaign the use of bounty 
hunters was unsuccessful because of the 
low 25¢ bounty paid . The increase to 
$1-51.S0 produced the significant 
increase in registration both parties had 

hoped would result. And both panies 
expect the bounty to increase for the 
next election. 

A class action suit or a decision by 
the Fair Political Practices Committee 
could judge the actions of bounty 
hunters to be a variation of the illegal 
act of bribing voters. But neither of 
these can happen until the individual 
disenfranc hised voters realize they are 
amongst thousands in San Diego and 
millions across the nation caught in this 
fraud . 

If you feel you are a victim of a 
bounty hunter the Guardian requC5tS 
you contact our alike. ~ 

Law school rejects UCSD 
By PHIL WILLON. News Edt/or 

A FTER THREE YEARS of trying, the California Western School of Law has decided not to merge 
with UCSD. 

Law school officials said they were 
tired of waiting for the UC Board of 
Regents to make a decision on the 
proposal. 

"California Western can't sit around 
forever and ever waiting for the 
University to act: said San Diego 
attorney DeWitt A Higgs, a member of 
Cal Western's trustee board and a 
former regent. "We have been kept 
waiting for action and did not even get 
any information." 

UCSD Chancellor Richard Atkinson, 
who was very much behind the merger, 
expressed his disappOintment with the 
decision of the law school, saying that it 
could have resulted in "a law school of 
great national stature." The merger 
would have aUowed UCSD to acquire an 
operating law school, with a full law 
library and staff, at a time when funding 
for such University additions is 
relatively scarce. 

UC PreSident David Gardner had 

fonned a committee to study the need 
for another state-supponed law school 
in California, and is supposed to 
disclose its findings during the Regents 
meeting at the end of this week in San 
francisco. 

"I think we needed a law school," 
said Assistant Chancellor Patrick 
Ledden, who was handling the project. 
~San Diego needs a iood law school. I 
feel that way, a lot oT the faculty feel that 
way, and I think the San Diego 
community feels that way." 

California Western officials said they 
now plan to build up the school's 
quality and notability as an 
independent, non-profit institution. The 
school is not planning to merge with 
any other university at this time, 
although USC and Pepperdine have 
shown interest, according to Higgs. 

Franklin B. Orfield, the chairman of 
California Western's board of trustees, 
infonned the Regents of his school's 
decision over a month ago, but it was 
not officiaUy announced until last 
Monday. 

Many UCSD administrators were 

surprised that, after waiting three years 
for a decision, California Western 
couldn't wait until the Regents meeting 
next week. 

Atkinson expressed his 
disappointment, stating, "The proposal 
had the strong suppon of the UCSD 
faculty and would have greatly enhanced 
the quality of academic life in San 
Diego. "It is unfortunate that the politics 
and the times were nor right for such a 
developmeT,)t." he said. 

Although Cal Western is now setting 
a course for independence, its board of 
trustees said it "would consider" a 
favorable recommendation during the 
Regents meeting this week. 

Thr plan for a merger beTWeen the 
TWO schools originated back in 1981 
and was officiaDy proposed by 
California Western in February 1983. 

Although no money would have been 
exchanged in the deal, UCSD would 
have absorbed the law school's 130,000-
volume library and its entire faculry. The 
campus, which is located on Cedar 
Street in downtown San Diego, was to 
be sold at an estimated cost of $8 

miUion, with the money being used to 
finance a new facility on campus. The 
students that were enrolled at the time 
would have also been accepted into 
UCSD. 

AI.kinson had planned to recruit 
renowned law professors from around 
the country, and said that he wanted to 
make the UCSD law school one of the 
top 20 in the nation. 

There has always been opposition to 
incorporating another state-supponed 
law school. State Senator Alfred AlqUist 
(D-San Jose), a member of the Senate 
Finance Committee, has been aga.inst 
the idea since its conception . "I am of 
the opinion that we have far too many 
lawyers and far too much litigation . 
Why should the State of California 
subsidize students to the tune of 5S,OOO 
per year when we really don't need any 
more lawyers?" 

Ledden acknowledged that "there are 
3,000 publicly-funded law students in 
Northern California and l ,OOO in 
Southern California,~ but added that 
"there's always a good lawyer shortage 
everywhere." IQ 



.. Thursday, Nov. 15, 1984 

Stepping • In • • • 
By MATTHEW J, CRONIN, Opinwns Editor 

Greetings. Being confronted with the 
task of deducing opinions that will 
provoke the student population to 
confront my prose and other relevant 
matters is a bountiful opportunity. For 
now a rrue "ethic of responsibility" has 
vaulted into my lifestyle. Twice a week I 
can unleash a tirade of emotions at the 
entire campus without being referred to 
as a flabbergasted cynic. Now I walk out 

of the closet, old manuscripts stulled in 
my backpack dying to be published , 
and an evolving, positivist attitude 
springing forth . I have thoroughly 
convi nced myself that you would all like 
to discuss existence on paper. 

Elections are over, folks, at least for 
this year, but please don't reassume an 

> CONTINUED ON PAGE 5 > 

UCSD: concretely concrete 
By EDWARD BEASLEY 

By now, the story is beginning to get 
out that Muir College-or part of it-is 
pink. A little bird has been telling 
various flocks on campus. The ultimate 
source is the architect of AP&M, Mr. 
Donald Reeves, who taught an urban 
design class here last spring. It was "for 
wannth" that he had the concrete 
building tinted pink. 

Like other undercurrents of reason in 
modern art, the tinting is hard to spot 
Yet it cenainly does not fly in the face 
of whatever incomprehensibly divine 
force it is that is blowing us the wind of 
modern architecture. This force , the 
wann concern for people that is 
manifest in the buildings of Muir 
College, though sometimes more colorful 
now that it is called Post-Modernism, 
continues unabated. Look at the new 
Warren Apartments. Off campus too, the 
Post-Modernist Modernism marches on, 
but in Technicolor. 

What with Muir College a nd the Warren 
Apartments, our school has not suffered 
a lack of progressive concrete. But 
against the final triumph of such beauty 
in buildings yet to be built, there can be 

' heard odd flutters of dissent from the 
direction of unimaginative reactionaries. 
Such people even refuse to understand 
the beauty that we've already got 
AP&M'S architect, in the shadow of his 
own building, was asked by a fonner 
friend of ours (Mr. Dave Lewis) whether 
the building is not cold and inhuman. 

"Oh, do you really think so? If you 
knew the thought that went into it, you 
wouldn 't say that" 

To frustrate the reactionaries, and to 
edify other readers, some of that 
thought will be reported. Muir College, 
with its bare concrete (specified by the 
overall campus architect of the time), 
was meant to last a thousand years. 
How cheering! "Interpersonal 
interaction" was meant to be "forced" by 
the dense layOUt of the place. (Put 
another way, that means watch out for 
bicycles. "There weren't so many 
bicycles then .") Because the University 
was awash with money in the 1960s, 
Muir College was built lavishly. Mr. 
Reeves is especially proud of his 
windows, which have rounded corners. 
"That costs a lot, and humanizes the 
place." 

Then somebody asked another 
question. 

"Well , we were designing for campus 
riots, but nobody really thought back 
then that windows need to be open. But 
I don't think this place is cold or 
impersonal. I think it's friendly and 
inspires people," answered the architect, 
as he shifted back toward the graffiti on 
the classroom wall - a wall that is still 
functional, a little more than can be said 
for the vandalized mOVIe screen. 

It is now plain that today's respected 

architectural traditions are not 
impersonal. They are not cold . They are 
not hard . Or difficult. On the contrary, 
they simply want to force freedom, 
friendliness, spontaneity and clear 
thought. Call them Modernist or Post-
Modernist, they are the best we've got. 
Who would prefer the erection of more 
computer company flashcubes? And 
who but a rtactionary would choose the 
stucco or the tilt-up (concrete) arches of 
Irving Gill, who is dead-ana thus 
whose architecture is no longer 
progressive or profitable? 

Let care be taken now. If the forces of 
enlightenment are not' wary, it is now 
that the reactionaries could begin to 
change the character of UCSD. Our 
campus, like much of the rest of the 
advanced world, is embarked upon a 
bUilding boom. A computer facility and 
a social sciences building will be put up 
near the Warren Apartments. The forces 
of Architectural-Statement-cum-
Conservation-Piece need your suppon 
now, at the planning stage. Not final 
form or function but design-phase pop-
philosophy make for true and 
immutable architectural worth. 

Imagine what the reactionaries would 
foist upon the architecturally powerless, 
ignorant and impressionable taxpayers 
and others at UCSD, namely the 
students, the faculty and the staff. These 
groups would have to live for (a 
thousand?) years with uncoordinated , 
surprising, small-scale, old and Spanish-
looking, lushly landscaped (but for a dry 
climate), downWright traditional 
buildings, creatively fitted to their sites. 
Just look at that new interloper on our 
campus, the Institute of the Americas, 
built north of Third College by strangers. 
It sticks out from most of the rest of 
UCSD even more than does Third 
College itself, which hardly seems well-
placed next to (or on the same planet 
as) the college that is John Muir's 
namesake, much less the even more 
advanced, Moshe Safdie-inspired 
Warren Apartments. 

Fight this trend toward the erection 
of buildings instead of Art! Tell the 
Chancellor, his officers, the campus 
architect, your professors and the 
hypothetical alumni how you want the 
new buildings near Warren and the 
Central Library to look. They must be 
impressive and modern. They must be 
bare monolithic conCrete , whether Post-
in their modernism or Just plain. It is 
such an environment that inspires 
wannth-of whatever hue, a collegiate 
feeling and the search of students and 
faculty alike for the Good , the True, the 
Beautiful (and the Better). 

Our cause is right! Our case is 
concrete! Let our voices be heard! 
Portland cement workers of the world . 
unite! 

Stepping out • • • 
By JOE DESIDERIO, Guardian AddiCl 

For the first time since the spring of 
1982, I find myself in the unique 
position of having nothing to do with 
the next issue of this newspaper. No 
typesetting, no editing, no writing (after 
a few thousand more characters, that is) , 
nothing. The reason for my obsession 
with having nothing to do with the 
Guardian: It is about to become a pan of 
my daily routine. 

For somewhere between 95% and 
100% of the students on this campus, 
my obsession is of no monumental 
concern; they do it all the time. But for 

me, it is a dilTicuit problem. You see, I 
am a Guardian addict. For me, the 
Guardian came-at the latest-
somewhere between the Cheerios and 
La Jolla Village Drive in the morning, 
every day for nearly [WO years . . . and 
that's a lot of Cheerios. 

The Guardian is, for the benefit of the 
unknowing, not just something one 
reads and cuts McDonald's coupons out 
of. It is, in many ways, an entity of its 
own, demanding constant care and 

> CONTINUED ON PAGE . f) 

That will be twelve 
ntillion dollars, please 
By JULIE DUFFIELD 

There appears to be a "trend" in the 
cost of UCSD textbooks. The less money 
the student has, the more the books 
cost! This point is easily seen at the 
used book store. One book purchased 
this year for more than S15 cost only 
Sll last year. What could possibly cause 
the price of this particular book to 
increase so much? This same situation 
is repeated for countless books at 
UCSD. It appears that this problem is 
not limited to the present generation of 
college students. Others have had to 
deal with the same problem, and each 
generation of students has handled it in 
its own way. 

College education is a big business. 
The fees and tuition at UCSD may be 
reasonable by some standards, but the 
student gets hit in the waDet in other • 
significant ways. The price of student 
texts is a big expense, and the 
bookstore is trying to increase its profit 
margin . It is common knowledge that 
when things are bought in bulk, as texts 
are, they cost less. Why can't this be 
passed on to the student, particularly at 
a state institution of higher education? 
This fact is evident on campus, since a 
rival book vendor is selling the same 
books as our bookstore for 10% less. 
Why does the bookstore charge so 
much? Who regulates this? 

There must be some "happy medium" 
for this situation . Students should have 
some input in the matter. There should 
be some compromise. Perhaps some of 
the basic texts could be rented instead 
of purchased . These would be the large 
texts which are regularly used. The 
rental fee could be a nominal one, and 
it would cut student expenses. This is 
done at many universities. Fees could be 
charged for late returns, damage or loss 
of rentals. Students would still be 
permiued to purchase texts, but they 
would have a choice with the rental 
sYStem. This would offer an alternative, 
and perhaps it would offer a solution. 

Why can't the bookstore operate on a 
smaller profit margin? Free enterprise is 
wonderful, but couldn 't the prices be 
lowered Just a little? True , there is 
overhead and employee paychecks; but 
consider the students . It is becoming 
more and more expensive to get a 
college education. If the cost of 
textbooks continues to rise and increase 
student expenses at the present rate, no 
one will be able to afford a college 
education . Then where will the 
bookstore be 7 

When the bookstore orders an excess 

of one text it simply returns to surplus. 
This way, the bookstore does not lose 
any profit. Can't the bookstore still make 
a profit, but leave something in the 
students' wallets? Why not drop the 
prices 10% to meet the prices being 
charged by the rival book sellers on 
campus? 

Another solution for the price 
problem would be a reasonable cost 
mark-up on books. The bookstore could 
pay its cost and add only 15% to 20% 
mark-up for student prices. Please, don't 
shoot for the 50%, 100% or 100% 
plus ... it COstS us! 

Students truly appreciate havi ng the 
bookstore on campus and convenient 
for them, but they need a little more 
consideration when it comes to being a 
"captive market" on campus. We need a 
little consideration, too! Remember 
when you were starving students? It was 
tough for you, wasn't it? Well, just 
multiple that [WO or three times for us. 
True, many student have grants and 
loans available to ,hem now, but it is 
still hard to manage on our budgets. 
How about it, bookstore; can't we 
compromise a little? 

ncercttcelr~n~rctt~lr~n~llit( 
~~lr~lettersn<eilit<elr~ 

rr~n~fctt®lr~n~llit<elr~n~ 
nterctt®lr~n®rru®Ir~n®fctt( 
Parking department 
misinfonning UCSD 
Editor: 

Yes,it upsets me that the parking 
office is "changing the rules in the 
middle of the game" by making us pay 
an additional fee . And yes, I think the 
timing is very poor. The thought of 
waiting in long lines to renew a pennit 
that gives me the priviledge to hunt for 
a parking space bothers me as well. But 
worst of all is the misinfonnation given 
by the assistant parking manager Laura 
Rey. The fee hike has nothing to do 
with "normal inflationary things", but 
instead is being imposed to payoff a 
poorly managed debt from the building 
of a parking structure at University 
Hospital for the use of medical staff 
only. This is information Students, Staff 
and Faculty should know. 

Steve Krems 

Thursday, Nov. 15, 1984 , 

~11'11~ 
~. .. ~ . 

Stepping in 
< CONTINUED FF-O~ PAGE 4 < 
apathetic posture. All of you are pan of a university 
structure that is starving for intellectual revitalization at 
the base level-that being by you, the modem-day 
students. Students of the '8Os annually choose to 
disassociate themselves from public scrutiny and social 
responsibility by leaving visible commentary to 
gallivanting journalists, politicians of frivolous rhetoric , 
and dramatic professors and teaching assistants alike. 

It is high noon at UCSD. The rope is being noosed, 
the standing block is being placed beneath the 
scaffold, the dungeon master is waiting to take you by 

Stepping out 
< CONTINUED FROM PAGE 4 < 
attention, giving back in return things that cannot be 
measured in black and white or against tl)e dollar. 

As a human organization, it is a collection of people 
whose output often far exceeds the collective 
individual outputs of its members. There are times 
when the task of producing a coherent newspaper 
seems impossible, times when it seems that there is no 
way that there will be a pile of papers on Thursday 
morning. But after a brief period of doubt, the 
Guardian itself provides the necessary stabilizing effect, 
and, somehow, things come together. 

As a mechanical entity, the Guardian is truly a 
remarkable thing. The range of activities that goes on 
"behind the scenes" is something that really has to be 
seen to be believed. The "technical side" of publishing 
a newspaper is what attracted me to the Guardian , and 
at this point , I would like to recommend to anyone 
who is even remotely interested to put down the 
paper, head over to the office and check it out. The 
Guardian is the only place on campus where you can 
learn , step-by-step, what is involved in editing, laying 
out and typesetting a publication . And it is the only 
place I know of where you can learn and get paid for 
it. 

In fact, this may even be afault of the Guardian . You 
see, all the skills that one learns and hones in working 
here have a great value in the (gasp!) "real" world. 

Ah yes, the "real" world. As pan of my final paning 
blow, I would like to clear up a widespread rumor: The 
teons "UCSD" and "real world" are not mutually . 
exclusive (remember basic statistics?), but rather 
overlap in many (sometimes quite unlikely) areas. As 
proof of thiS , I offer . .. nothing- thiS one is left for 
homework. 

Finally, I would like to pose a question to the "brave 
readers" who have made it so close to the end of this 
rambling: What does the Guardian guard? I have some 
theories, but I'd like to hear from some more 
"objective" observers. 

* * * This being my "paning shot" and ThanksgiVing 
looming nearby in the future , I would like to thank 
those people at the Guardian who have made the past 
TWO years at UCSD a real "experience" for me, and 
extend best Wishes to those beginning (and 
continuing) the experience. 

the hand and lead you into grey obscurity, where your 
innovative analysis will never be heard from again. 

Don't despair. There is a light at the end of the 
tunnel. Although you may be intimidated by pseudo-
geniuses in the classroom, although you may be feeling 
strangled by a tidal wave of conceptualizations, and 
although you may discover yourself trembling at the 
thought of arguing a point in front of anybody but 
your dog, there is a simple solution at hand. Wing it. 
Let's put our fears of sounding ludicrous to bed . Each 
and every person has the inherent right to look silly 
and nOl be castigated for it . Even if you are the 
quintessential happy being and feel your joyful 
Critiques of nihilism have no place in our depraved 
world , it wouldn't hurt to let others share your 
paradise. You ask why? Because life is not a beach, oh 
no, not yet. If you pick up a newspaper-any 
newspaper-and read it front to back, you will become 
so filled with self-righteous dogma by the time you are 

Doonesbury 

MAKING DECISIONS EASIER 
Fomily Planning Associates Medical G roup's professionol concerned 
staff can give you the support you need when making decisions 
about your personal health care needs. Call today for an immediate 
appointment. 

• FREE PREGNANCY TESTING 
with results while you wait 

• GENERALor LOCAL ANESTHESIA 
for unplanned pregnancy 

• AFFORDABLE BIRTH CONTROL 

• GYNECOLOGICAL EXAMS 

B1 fAMILY PLANNING ASSOCIATES 
MEDICAL GROUP 

-

Son Diego 
(619) 287-8226 

finished that even a case of Rolaids would not save 
you from kissing the porcelain princess. We are all 
victims of an overwhelming, polarized media. But in 
order to fight repression of your ideas, you must 
publicize at every chance you get. You have an 
opponunity now to soothe your turbulent superego 
which lurches every time you sUFpress a thought. 

From this moment on you wi! be my peer group, 
and I your peer person . Let's alter opinions on Saul 
Bellow. Let's trounce Manin Feldstein. Let's propose to 
get characteristic athletic teams in San Diego. Let's 
have an open discussion with the Administration 
about the University Center. Let'S burn all the works of 
Sartre. Let us all proceed into 1985 with a sound 
commiunent to forego our scruples and 
idiosynchracies about voicing our epistemologies. My' 
first, sincere provocation is, "Karl Marx was merely a 
German fellow who spent a lot of time in libraries." 

Riddle me that, UCSD. 

I CMr /IEM6E ON TH4T aMWT-
~ WAN fCWt. THfSCl.UEf£'5 
OPEN APH15SKJN5 PrXICY A 
Pfl(UJ 7T?APITOJ THAT 
6f6j AlL 7H6 WAY 

BIICJ( 1() .. TO .. 

BY GARRY TRUDEAU 

LAST 
11IJI6a4y. 

I 



lEN 
1f' 

EAR:1i 
WARREN 
COLLEGE 

A Warren College Publication, University of California, San Diego '"fINID f'IQIIIIe III MUOV -'IJ to ~~ 
iOpn""~W1d~ ' 

,..----WARREN ON WHEELS 
What IS Warren on Wheels? 

(WOW for short, not to be confused 
With WOW of orientation fame.) 
Warren on Wheels is one of the 
Warren College programs designed 
10 meet the needs of students who 
live off-campus (commuters). The 
purpose behind WOW is to plan 
events both on and off-campus to 
aUow commuters a certain flexibility 
in attending these events. We run on 
the idea of diversity in our programs, 
which range from smaU gatherings 
in dilTerent commuter homes with a 
faculty member as a guest, to large 
outings at the beach, to interactions 
with Warren residents and the other 
three colleges' commuter 
organizations. 

We also have imramural teams, 
meetings with Warren College staff 
and faculty, and some fun activities 
that are spur of the moment. All of 

partiCipation. Studies have shown 
that students who participate in 
activities outside the classroom tend 
to do better in school. (THIS FUN IS 
FOR YOUR OWN GOOD!!!) So take 
an hour or two 01T a week and come 
to some of our events. If you have 
any ideas or would like to help in 
planning and executing of events, 
please feel free to come to my office 
in the Provost Building and talk 10 
me. If you want to be on a mailing list 
for next quaner's events, fill out the 
form below and return it 10 the 
Dean's Office. 

_t~e~ .:v.:n~ ~:.d..:s~~~[~ Y~U~ _________________ _ 
NAME ________________________________________ _ 

ADDRESS ______________________________________ _ 

PHONENUMBER ________________________________ __ 

WHAT ARE YOU INTERESTED IN?a) Helping and planning WOW events 
b) Knowing when events are happening 
c) both 
d) other: 

SOME OTHER COMMUTER 
NEWS: Congratulations to our 
wonderful Women's VoUeyball Team 
who are undefeated in team play. 
These great players are Helen 
Tomas, Karen Van Hagan, Kim 
Jackson, Becky Fonney, Samm 
Geyer, and Colleen O'Connell Keep 
on winning and let's take the Single 
A Championship! The Men's 
VoileybaU Team has improved a 
great deal since the beginning of the 
season. They are Mike Maheu, Brian 
Barnetter, Lorenzo Pacelli, Brian 
Bauman, Jonathan and Ken (sorry 1 
forgot your last names). You guys 
deserve a great deal of praise. Sign-

ups tor next quarter's intramural 
sport teams are now posted in the 
Provost Office. 

The Commuter Board is planning 
a two day ski trip to Big Bear. This 
event is scheduled for Dec. 10-11. 
The trip requires a $15.00 non-
refundable deposit to cover hotel 
reservations, emergency fund and 
y,aso\ine. Come to the Dean's Office 
for more information and sign-up. 
Well that's all folks, until next time, 
tune in to the same batty channel, 
same batty time. Good luck on finals 
and hope to see ya at the Trivial 
Pursuit ChaDenge or some of next 
quarter's events. Merry Christmas. 

Joey Tse 

TIlE COLLEGIATE GAME OF TIlE MIND: 
COLLEGE BOWL COMES TO WARREN 

Win the right to represent Warren 
College. You and your teammates 
can take up where we left 01T when 
Warren won the coveted Grubby 
Shoe at the Unolympics. You and 
three teammates can earn this right 
by placing first or second in Warren 
College Annual College Bowl 
toumament. The twO tOP teams wiU 
move on to the campus-wide 
competition , whose winner will 
move on to the regionals at U.c. 

Irvine. Regional winners will then go 
to the nationals. 

The Warren toumey will be held 
on Wednesday evening, January 
30th. Be sure to sign up at the 
ReSident Dean's or the Provost's 
Office no later than Friday, January 
25th . 

Pnzes wiD be awarded. See you 
and your teammates , and aU of your 
supporters at the tournament. 

APARTMENT HAPPENINGS: 
Tonight! (Thursday); Racquetball Night at Canyon View courts for Warren 

(and Mesa) Apartment residents. Instruction, low-key competition, prizes. Sign 
up immediately at the Resident Dean's OlTice. 

Also tonight, R.As Maggie and Sue are sponsoring a progressive dinner, and 
there wIH be a couple of Steve Martin movies in the Buildmg 3 Community 
Room , beginmng at 7:30. 

On Sunday, November 18, "An OlTicer and a Gentleman" will be shown at 
Mesa, and "Bad Boys" will be shown in the Building 4 Community Room. 

Congratulations to aU those who will finaUy be moving into Building 2 on 
Saturday and Sunday, November 17 and 18. Be sure to check with the Resident 
Dean's OlTice if you need information about the mov~-In process or your 
apartment assignment. 

It's not tOO soon to be thinking about becoming an RA next school year Your 
own R.A IS a good place to start In finding out what II is all about. The actual 
selection process will take place in Winter and Spring Quarters. 

WARREN COLLEGE STAFf IN THE SPIRIT OF 
HALLOWEEN 

Pictured \eft to right Pagliacci a Ia crutches (Sylvia M.), Boom Boom 
Thunderbird Jammer (Denise C.), the "Mild Maynard Hunk" (Maynard B.), 
Sassy Saloon Sadie Sagabiel (Chris S.), The Long Witch of the North (Barb M.), 
The Chic Sheik from Baaleik (Harriet M.), the Short Witch of the South (Elenis 
B.), Not pictured - None Nun alias Sister Mary Magdalene theresa Francis 
Bemadena O'Connell (Colleen 0.). 

.. ···COMING ATTRACTION .... • 
Warren College 

STUDENT ORIENTATION COORDINATORS 
- Assist in development of WOW '85 
- Select fit supervise volunteer Orientation Leaders 
- Coordinate student/parent orientation sessions 
- Oversee major Welcome Week Events 

Salary - $6.lllHour 

Wed, Nov. 28 - ·Applications Available at Student Employment 

..···DEADUNE TO APPLY - FRIDAY, JANUARY 11 .... 
???NEED MORE lNFO??? 

CaD x4731 

TRMAL PURSUIT 
CHALLENGE PlAYERS SOUGHT 

The Warren Dean's Office is 
looking for teams and individual.; 
who are interested on being on a . 
team for the first Warren College 
Trivial Pursuit Challenge (Nov. 19th 
at 7:00 pm in the Conference Room 
lilA). Be the first on your block (or 
your building) to be on the winning 
team. Sigh up in the Resident Dean's 
OlTice by 4:30 pm on Friday, 
November 16th to be eligible for 
great fun and greater prizes. Teams 
of 3 persons can sign up for . 99¢ (be 
sure to think up a team name to 
register under - in good taste , 
preferably). Individuals can sign up 

HEAR YE, HEAR YE: 
Bei ng ever so sensitive to the 

needs of the Warten student, the 
Provost Office has once again 
proVided the Peer Advisors for the 
students - a somewhat less 
daunting alternallve to a session 
With an Academic AdVISor. Heike, 
Arlene, Sameer and Jeanne are 
students currently enrolled in 
Warren College and, being such, are 
aware of the many academic 
obstacles as well as non-academic 
(anti-academic?) detours that 
present themselves. Working from 
the "Inside" we can not only 
empathize, we can aSSist you in 
overcoming, ci rcumventing or, (god 
forbid ) confronting problems thai 
have arisen or may arise.1f you have 
any questions, comments , criticisms 
or lengthy diatribes to deliver on 
academiC Issues or college life in 
general, drop in and see a Peer 
Advisor in the Warren Provost 
OlTice. 

for .33¢ and we wiU get you on a 
team! Winners will receive medals, 
pie, and other prizes as they are 
donated. Get your friends, your R.A , 
your profs, and even your friendly 
Warren staff to be on your team (it 
helps to have at least one person 
over 30 years old). Spectators are 
wanted, so bring your friends who 
don't want to play. Refreshments are 
free of charge to participants. Others 
can purchase pie for .29¢ , hot 
chocolate or hot apple cider for .09¢, 
and ice cream (for pie a Ia mode)for 
.09¢ per scoop. Instruction sheets 
will be available when you sign up. 

--WCSG News--
WCSG announces its new office 
location at Quonset Hut Q-311 
(west). 

Mail Code: Q-022 
Phone number. 452-3942 

Council Meeting Times: every 
Monday at 3: 15 pm In the Provost's 
Conference Room. These meetings 
are open to the public . For 
committee meetings, please see the 
WCSG bulletin board in the Provost 
Building (across the hall from the 
Dean's Office). 

Applications for the following 
positions will be accepted until 
noon , November 26: 

Bookstore Advisory Committee 
A.S. Media Board 

Applications are available below Ihe 
WCSG bulletin board. 

Cover story 

Student survey reveals 
trends in health, drugs, food 
By RENEE WENRICK 

A STUDY CONDUCTED BY Student Health Services (SHS) indicates that UCSD students are 
below the national average in alcohol 
consumption and are particularly 
interested in programs dealing with 
nutrition, stress reduction and exercise. 

surprising considering that UCSD is a 
relatively wealthy school located close to 
the Mexican border. 

The survey also revealed that 33% of 
the UCSD population has driven at least 
once under the influence of alcohol or 
drugs, compared to 41 % at UC Santa 
Barbara. 

Figures show that 18% of UCSD 
students smoke, compared to a national 
average of 35% of the general adult 
population. However, Proffitt notes that 
some stUdents may not have considered 
clove cigarettes when answering the 
survey. dove cigarettes can be jUst as 
damaging to your health, said Proffitt, 

TlIunddy, Nov. 15, 198.. 7 

o 
lS 

.z: 

Of the 1,458 students surveyed last 
spring, only two percent said they never 
eat a "variety of foods each day," and 
90% said they maintain a desired 
weight at least some of the time. 
Roughly 80% limit their intake of either 
sugar, salt or cholesterol. Still, according 
to Dalynn ProlIiu, SHS health educator, 
UCSD Food Services has reported that 
there is a great student demand for 
french fries . The survey also indicates 
that 91 % of the students exercise 
occasionally or often. 

, since they usually contain 65% tobacco, 
plus other hann(ul ingredients. Clove 
cigarettes are usuaUy imported and are 
therefore not subject to certain health 
regulations. 

~------------------~------------~~ 
In terms of substance abuse, 

according to Proffitt, UCSD rates lower 
than the national college average in 
alcohol consumption, lower than UC 
Berkeley in marijuana use , and equal 
with UC Berkeley in cocaine use. The 
SHS survey indicates that 78% of 
UCSD's students use alcohol, compared 
to 87-93% at other colleges In the US. 
Thirty-six percent of the surveyed 
students said they use marijuana, versus 
47% at UC Berkeley. Cocaine use is at 
24% for both ' UCSD and Berkeley. 
Proffitt noted that this fi~re is not 

Smokers may want to note that today, 
November 15, is the Great American 
Smokeout (GAS) , sponsored by the 
American Cancer Society. This is the 
first year UCSD has participated, said 
Proffitt. GAS offers concerned friends 
and family a chance to "adopt" a 
smoker, who in tum pledges not to 
smoke for a day. In 1982, roughly one 
third of the nation's smokers 
participated in the Great American 
Smokeoul. Statistics show that a startling 
number of smokers are quitting. From 

Student Health Crnter is visiltd by patients seeking a JuU range oj mtdical assistance. 

Dr. Alanna M. Bodtnstab insptcts the ear oj Gabriela Manriquez 

1978 10 1980, the number of smokers 
who "kicked the habit" increased from 
1.8 million to 33.3 million. According 10 
the Amencan Cancer Society, the risk of 
developing lung cancer is ten times 
greater for a smoker than a non-smoker. 

The SHS survey indicates that 
students are generally pLeased with 
UCSD's health services; approximately 
90% said they are pleased with the 
medical, visual and dental care SHS 
offers registered stUdents. Eighty-eight 
percent of the students surveyed want to 
see funding for the services continued 
through registration fees. 

The most common reason lstudents 
cited for not using SHS was that they 
have not needed health care or they 
have another health care service. A few 
said they didn't know the services were 
free or low cost, and some had not 
heard of SHS until the survey. Only two 
percent said they had not used the 
services because they had heard 
negative comments. 

Many (62%) were unaware of the 
Student Umited Insurance Plan (SUP), 
but two thirds were aware of the 
Voluntary Insurance Plan (VIP) available 
for 541.70 per quarter. SUP is prepaid 
by UCSD and automatically covers fully 
registered stUdents. SUP pays up to 
5500 for outpatient care, such as 
laboratory tests, surgery, emergency 
room care, x-rays and physiotherapy 
(limited to SI00). This plan also pays 

up to $300 for physician visits and up 
to $200 for ambulance transportation. 

Also, students can pay a quanerly fee 
for the VIP coverage . This plan pays up 
to $5,000 for hospitalization, surgeon , 
assistant surgeon and anesthetist 
expenses. It pays major medical expense 
benefits of a maximum of $25,000. VIP 
also covers accident-related dental care, 
accidental death , dismemberment and 
Loss of sight benefits, plus repatriation 
benefits. Figures from the survey 
indicate that ten percent of the student 
body has VIP. 

The SHS survey also showed that 67% 
of the srudents were unaware of the 
Student Health Advocate volunteer 
program, which tuns the self-care 
centers for blood pressure, colds, skin 
care, and birth control information 
classes. The top three programs students 
said they would like to attend were 
those dealing with nutrition, stress 
reduction, and exercise, with weight 
management, birth control, and women's 
and men's health progratns almost as 
popular. 

The Student Health Advocate 
(SHA)program trains stUdents in health 
education so that they may convey facts 
about health to others. The SHS believes 
that misinformation about health can be 
reduced by students providing accurate 
information to associates. If you have 
questions conncerning the SHA 
program, contact SHS at 452-2419. ~ 

Splicing new life into genes 
Scientists at the UCSD School of 

Medicine have isolated and cloned a 
major poni':ln of the gene linked to a 
rare, fatal dIsorder called fucosidosis 
which causes severe retardation ani 
neurological degeneration in its victims. 

"We don't know the answer to the 
disease yet: said Dr. John S. O'Brien, 
professor of neurosciences at UCSD, 
"but with what we know now, we may 
be able to apply it in three to four 
months: 

These patients 'lac'k the enzyme 
fucosidase, which breaks down certain 
cellular compounds. These waste 
materials accumulate, leading to cell 
destruction . 

"It's just like building up a toxic 
substance in th.e body: said Dr. O'Brien. 
"It affects all tissues-brain, liver, bones 
and nervous sytem." 

A research team directed by Dr. 
O'Brien has isolated most of the genetic 
message responsible for the production 
of fucosidase . Their results will be 
published In a fonhcoming issue of the 
Proceedings oj Ihe National Acadtmy of 

Sdmu. Co-authors are Jeffrey de Wet, 
UCSD graduate student in biology, and 
Hisao Fukushima, MD, PhD, assistant 
research neuroscientist at UCSD. 

This message is in the fonn of 
complementary DNA. or cDNA, which is 
a functional copy of the gene. The 
UCSD team reports that their clone 
codes for 80% of the fucosidase 
enzyme. The fragment can now be used 
as a hook to puB the entire gene out of 
the bank of genetic material being used 
in this work. It is also a large enough 
piece to proVide important information 
about the defect that leads to fucosidase 
deficiency. 

"Now that we have most of the gene, 
we can analyze its structure and try to 
determine what is genetically abnormal 
in fucosidosis patients," said O'Brien. 
·We will also attempt to develop an 
elTective diagnostic method." 

This work is a preliminary step 
toward pOSSibly developing gene therapy 
which uses genetiC engineering 
techniques to replace the defective gene. 

Although rare, fucosidosis is one of a 
group of diseases called lysosomal 

diseases, or storage diseases, 
characterized by the storage in cels of 
materials that nonnaDy are broktn down 
and eliminated. This is due to a 
defiCiency in or lack of a spea6c 
enzyme that aids in this process. 

One ~f the ~ost widely known of 
these dIseases IS Tay-Sachs disease, 
another fatal illness for whkh there is 
no cure. O'Brien pioneered a medtod 
for diagnosing carners of this disease 
and for detecting this disorder in the 

~etus. The gene for the enzyme deficient 
In Tay-Sachs victims is in the process of 
being cloned by snerallaboratories, 
including the O'Brien group. 

These genes are considered rare and 
extremely difficult to isolate. They are 
generally referred to as housekeeping 
genes. since their activity is subue and 
onWJing. Their existence is often noted 
only when a defect results in disease. 

A bank of genetic material assembled 
by O'Brien and Jeffrey de Wet was the 
basis for the rucosidase work. This bank 
has also led to the isolation of a rare 
gene associated with Gaucher's disease 
by scientists at the Nationallnstinu of 

Health, and O'Brien feels the bank 
promises to yield even more rare genes. 

Fucosidosis was first described in 
patients in 1966. The majority of 
patients are of Italian descent, although 
it is not limited to ItaHans. 

In one fonn of this disease, death 
occurs by age six. In another fonn, the 
victims may survive into early 
adukhood, but they are retarded, their 
bone structure is abnormal, and they 
suffer from chronic infections and 
seizures. 

According to O'Brien, the technique 
used to clone the fucosidase gene is 
more sensitive than techniques used in 
the past and aDows the scientists to 
screen tens of millions of genes in the 
laboratory to pinpoint the gene of 
interest. He described the cloning of the 
fucosidase gene as one more step in the 
rapidly advancing area of genetics 
research. 

"In hereditary diseases, the cause of 
the disease is genetic. Only when you 
understand the disease at rock bottom 
can you think about changing thinS' in 
a positive way." Ii:) 

-



o L OUDO. •• 
THIS INTRAMURAL BUD PAGE IS FOR YOU! 

BANANA BOWL 
Name this 'Unlikely Bowl."Why 

unlikely? Because these two teams, 
the Party Animals and Sudden 
Death Syndrome, didn't figure (0 
be there when the final bell rung. 

The Pany Animals, last year's 
single 'A' champs, finished third in 
their league, barely making the 
playoffs. ot many teams in my 
memory have finished third in 
their league and gone on to play in 
a bowl final. Add to their third 
place finish the fact that they lost (0 
the Swamp contingent and it really 
seems unlikely that they're in the 
finals . 

Sudden Death Syndrome being 
in the finals is a little bit more 
believable. BUI they play basically 
srone-aged football . Their offense 
is about as exciting (0 watch as a 
tree growing. Still, they probably do 
have some of the best athletes in 
1M's which makes up for their 
shortcomings. They have all-1M QB 
Brett Strom po , a former UC Davis 
QB. Brett can do it all . Throw (from 
about ankle level), scramble , fire 
his team up, and best of all he leads 
1M's in rescheduling contests. This 
politician sweet-talked every 
opposing captain but two to 
reschedule to a different time. SDS' 
problem was that they are second 
year med students and they had a 
class during their scheduled play 
time. Come on guys! Straighten 
your priorities out. The fact that 
these two teams are unlikely 
participants doesn't diminish the 
fact that it will be a classic match-
up. 

The battle to watch will be in the 
skies. No, not thrown footballs , but 
two tremendously talented 
skyscraper wideouts. They are 
both tall , at 6'5 a piece. Brian 
Mequet of the Party Animals is a 
former Bud Light Rag Football 
Player of the Week and an all-1M 
wide receiver. Preston Neumayr of 
SDS is a former All-American 
basketball player from UC DaVIS 
and was drafted by the Kansas City 
Kings in the NBA. It will be wOlth 
the price of admission (0 see these 
two battle above the clouds. 

This game should be decided at 
the QB position with Strompo 

the nod over inconsistent 

THE CADAVER BOWl 
Yes folks, it's the TKE's again in 

case you hadn't guessed it. It's the 
TKE's 'A' football team Eldo's 
Orchid Pumpinis. But they are not 
the only fraternity in this game. 
The sqaud Eldo's is playing is not 
an official frat on campus but they 
certainly could have starred in 
Animal House . These characters 
whose football team's name is the 
Beach Heads, make up the UCSD 
baseball team. They have proven 
that there are great similarities 
between baseball and football . You 
have your slighdy flippant 
knucleball pitcher throwing 
knuckle footballs . The trenches 
known as the offensive line are 
manned by the sturdy catchers. 
The defensive backs are played by 
the fleet outfielders. The wide 
receivers are played by the 
infielders. I never realized the 
similarities between baseball and 
football , but I guess they could go 
even further. As in Bad Hands in 
baseball can be the same in 
footban. Yep, that's true with the 
Beach Heads. Also a catcher not 
being able to block a passed ball . 
My goodness, that's also the Beach 
Heads. No blocking! Maybe these 
guys should stick to basebalL I 
hope they're allowed (0. 

Eldo's has been around almost 
as long as Mike Hipp. This is their 
eighth football season. They are 
always a feared squad , until 
playoffs. They just don't seem to 
have that killer instinct. Heck, one 
of their players, Tony Mello, even 
wears a Chicago Cubs hat. Now 
what does that tell you about their 
playoffs? QB Todd Norton will be 
the difference. What difference he 
makes will be up to Todd. Todd 
gets a little nervous which usuaUy 
affects his play in the playoffs. It's 
not unusual (0 see Todd call a time-
out so he can relieve himself in the 
potry room. Todd actuaUy holds 
the record of 22 trips (0 the potry 
room in one game. That mcluded 
before and after the game. 

lDok for the not so cocky Beach 
Heads (0 find some hands and 
come out on top. Eldo's will feel (00 
much pressure. 

SIX-PAC SELECTIONS 
~Itt!or/Gome Animal Bowl Banana Bowl Codovcr Bowl CIlnwt Bowl Soul Bowl 

Bud"",n York Hunt Suddtn Death Stach Heads Soft Touch Estalr. 
Czar York Hum Sudd.n D<ath Stach Heads Soft Touch Estate 
Jimmy tht Gtck YorI< Hum Sudden Death Eldo's Soft Touch Estacr. 
Ursula Up .. t Ttkt Antmals Stach H •• ds Hoot Monsters Swamp 
Reno York Hum Sudd.n Death Eldo's Soft Touch Estate 
Jtant Dixon Tekt Sudden Death 8<ach Heads Soft Touch Swamp 
umst:nsus York Hunt Sudden Death Evcn Soft Touch Est:ille 

BUD LIGHT t------I 
Flag Football 

Player of the Week Tony MeUo 
This week's Bud Light Rag 

Football Player of the Week is Tony 
Mello of the Men's 'A' team Eldo's 
Orchid Pumpinis. Tony's last name 
Mello is pronounced like mellow. 
Mellow is the laSt thing Tony is on 
the football field . This guy is 
UCSD's version of the flying 
projectile Marcus Allen of the 
Raiders. If he smells the goal line 
it's in the air and over. This does 
lead to a number of injuries and 
Tony is known (0 have more aches 
and pains than Ed White on 
Mondays. But he has led his team 
into the Cadaver Bowl by being 
truly versatile. He doubles as a 

e-receiver and does 
welL Congrnts, Tony, on 
season. 

,\ 

.~ 

/ 

THE CLIMAX BOWL 
Whew, what a match-up. This is 

the game of the day. Get your seats 
early. It's bound to be a sell-out. 
The old and wily four-time 
defending champions Soft Touch 
vs. the young and talented Hoot 
Monsters and Uiny. The question 
is will this be the fall of the Soft 
Touch dynasty and the rise of a 
new dynasry? Or will this just be 
another in a long line of make-
believe challengers? 

I said Soft Touch's players were 
old and almost over the hill years 
ago. But they keep getting bener. 
Maybe they found something 
Ponce Deleon coulnd't. In this 
space I have always given credit to 
Soft Touch's women and no credit 
to their men. h doesn't seem fair. 
Well, who said I was fair? Without 
the women you guys would be like 
a herd of tortoises looking for the 
hare. Heck. why do you think aU 
your women have back problems? 
h's from canying you guys. Sheila 

O'Brien, Karen Erikson, Arlene 
Coachmen and lani Chow are a 
load. All are talented. 

The Hoot Monsters and Uiny 
are more of a one-dimensional 
team. As in the Lori Monette 
dimension. She can do itall. Catch , 
run and throw. Individually, she 
probably has the most talent. But as 
a group, Soft Touch has more 
talent. 

This then shapes up as a Ram-
Dolphin type of game. Lori as Eric 
Dickerson and his great individual 
talent vs. the overall team talent of 
Soft Touch like the Dolphin 
scheme. Eric (Lori) could have an 
incredible game and cany the 
team. Soft Touch, on the other 
hand, is not flashy but doesn't 
make mistakes to lose the game. h 
should be a great match-up. But 
I've got to go with the old reliables, 
Soft Touch. I could be WTong. But 
don't bet the ranch on it. 

Basketball 
Aztec-Torrero 

CLASH! 
ThGffida~Dec.~1984 

7:00 p.m. 
Sports Arena 

Complimentary mugs for 
the first 5,000 people 

Thursday, Nov. 15, 1984 9 

SHUD PAG I FO YO'U! 
THIS INTRAMURAL BUD PAGE IS FOR YOU! 

mE SOUL BOWL 

This i!! another game matching 
twO groups of talented 1M athletes 
who dominate 1M spons. 

First is The Estate. If you haven't 
already guessed it, The Estate is the 
coed representative of the TKE 
dynasty. There are no frat houses 
on this campus but Coach 
Freudenberger thought he'd make 
his team The Estate to make 
everyone think they were from the 
TKE Estate house. Their offense is 
a lot like the TKE house; non-
existent. They rely on speedy Dave 
Vasil to stop everything and their 
hyperactive coach Tim Freuden-
berger. Tim is not your basic Tom 
landry type. He's more of the 
Woody Hayes type coach. To 
describe him as emotional would 
be putting it Iighdy. He does have a 
unique talent though. His voice is 
so shriek he can stop play by 
sounding like a ref whisde. This 
only happens when he disagrees 
with a rePs call and that's about 
every other play. 

The team across the line of 
scrimmage from them Sunday will 
be the newly created Swamp 

Dynasty team. Swamp used to 
mean choke. Not anymore. Ever 
since last year's coed softball 
championship they have turned it 
around to become a feared 
opponent instead of the weirdos 
from the 4077th. They are still 
weirdos, don't get me wrong. But 
now they're a real factor. Swamp is 
in the final of coed football, 3-on-3 
basketball, waterpolo and team 
tennis, What a dynasty. It only took 
them eight years. But what the 
heck, who wants to graduate 
anyway? 

Look for this match-up to be 
decided by Swamp's redheaded 
terror Karen Stevens. She will be 
the difference. Swamp will need 
her to have a great game to offset 
Matt Adams. Matt has a problem in 
that he leads 1M's in 12-yard 
tackling penalties. He only tackles 
women, though. The other day in 
the semi-finals he tackled one 
woman and knocked the breath 
ow oCher. What a dirty player. Matt 
did point ow that he offered her 
nouth-to-mouth resuscitation . 
What a guy! 

INTRAMURAL VOLLEYBAll PlAYOFF PREVIEW 

MEN AM Comments 
1 Bangy-8angy-1IanI)' (14-I)Shecky, Hemlo and the boys win run away with it 
2 Ladies of the Knighl (11-4)1£ Malt get's cookin', these ladies will be in the HUN 
3 DOAs (9-6) Officilllly deld on arrival this year at least 
4 Mental Block (6-9) Moving up to the big tlm£, these guys pve it their best 

MEN M Comments 
1 POIaIO Heads (18-0) Baked, scalloped, or ~nch-fried , these guys look px! 
2 Senza Colllioni (18-0) Italian volleyballm looking for a sensuous finish 
3 Pee Majors (17-1) Ed lft and their spikers have their Pees 8exed 
4 SWAMP (105-3) Chokers sUP"'me will Hnd a way to lose another 
05 Schlo~ (16-2) Nicc Record ... but their league was weak folks 
6 Da Kind Kc Te (12-6) OK, Ric, times running out... shaw us what youw P 
7 IDkomotiv lJljou. (14-4) Need to stoke up those engi~s 
8 Moonba1lcrs (10-8) On the outside looking in ... ~ next year 
9 Kappa Kcp RasIa (10-8) Tap that kegJeUas, your season is coming to an abrupt halt 

10 Sticky Fingers (9-9) Need better fttting ... and hitting . .. and dlging 
MEN A Commmts 
1 Pineapplt BoysApin(16-2)Movejay Kuo to middle blocker and your problems 1m over 
2 IVC F (8-1) their short season may hun their playoff chances 
) SIX Packers (lS-4) Tournament darkhorse ... coming on fast 
4 ~mpin' PHIs (10-2) Need more spikes and less bumps 
05 Sltymasccrs (1l-4) Due II come down to earth soon 
6 AD on UN (14-4) )eOlng at JUS( tht right time 
7 Pee Minors (11-7) Back to biology labs, boys 
8 Serra Dorm Dudes (to-5) Oormies will need plenty of vocal support . 
9 Xerxes (9-3) ~rsia's fineS! learn, but not UCSO's 

10 Where's The Deli? (10·05) No Ham-and-Swiss on Rye for this lP'oup 

WOMEN M Comments 
1 Nova (17-1) Elena and her f~nds are shooting for the SIMS in '84 
2SdD Diggin' For Balls (12-3)Claire and the girls need to stan spiking so_ 
3 Training for XXIV 0'1-'1) SheUy's welcome mat is out.. . bring out tht best ... she says 
4 Unbeatable 15 (13·5) How come there's a big 5 m the loss column? 
5 IYFs (13·2) Getting better at Just the right ti_ 
6 Buff and Healthy (8-7) Nice win last Wl:ek over No.2 wiD hdp thtlr confidence 

~MENA 
I Marginals (16-05) 
2 Ponola Oigs (13-2) 
3 Id,ots (II-I) 
" 911400-2) 
.5 WOW (13-05) 
6 Designer lJlbels 00-2) 
7 Install! Zoo (9-3) 
8 PYT (12-6) 
9 Pretty mtd,oc..., 02-9) 

10 lJ:ave II to Eav<r (7·5) 

Comments 
MarginaUy qualifltd, but might sneak in and win it 
Could be the best of a spacey lot 
Denise has these loonies playing excellent v-ball 
Call this txtrnsion for a six-pack 
Docs this stand for Women on a Winning Strukl 
Valerie has the beSt drtsstd tearn In IMs 
This chaotic group is doing it with mirrors 
Have a chance, but need to fP 10 church this Sunday nrst 
Aptly named , but stranger teams have walked off with the gold 
OK. girls. we will ' 

• 
• 
• 

8 
BUDMAN'S ALL-1M FOOTBALL TEAM 

Offense 
Posilion 
Wide Receiver 
Wide Receiver 
Slot Back/Running Back 
Guard 
Guard 
Center 

Pla)'ler Team 
Teke 
Party Animals 
Butt State 
Tdee 
Beach Heads 
York Hunt Club 

Quartemack 

Dave Vasil 
Brian Meguet 
Dan ButCher 
John Burda 
Derek A1konis 
Hans Wiersma 
Brett Stompro Sudden Death Syndrome 

Defense 
Posilion Team 
Rusher 
Rusher 
Linebacker 
linebacker 
Comemack 
Cornemack 

Pla)'ler 
MiKe Dabasinskas 
Mike Mitchell 
Marlon Fairweather 
Danny Molina 
Sheila O'Brien 
Karla Drodz 

Split Her Like A Trout 
Split Her Like A Trout 
Chocolate City 
Muncie Supply Co. 
Soft Touch 
Chargers 

Safety Jay Brugman 

ANIMAL BOWL 
SUNDAY SCHEDULE 
This Sunday, November 18th, 

the campus comes ali·ve once again 
with its own version of football 
fever. It's commonly known as 
Animal Bowl Sunday. This year 
maybe we should change it to 
Fraternity Bowl Sunday. The TKE 
Fraternity has a team in three Out 
of the five bowl finals. Rumor has it 
they are predicting a TKE sweep. 
Come out Sunday and see what 
happens. 

Animal Bowl (3:30 pm) 
York Hunt dub (7-0) 

vs. 
Tekes 4-3 

Inquiry 

Banana Bowl (2:15 pm) 
Pany Animals (7-2) 

vs. 
Sudden Death Syndrome (8-1) 

Cadaver Bowl (1:00 pm) 
ado's Orchid Pumpinis (9-0) 

vs. 
Beach Heads (9-0) 

Climax Bowl (11:45 am) 
Hoot Monsters and Uirry (7-0) 

vs. 
Winner: Soft Touch 6-0 
vs. 4th and Inches 4-1 

Soul Bowl (10:30 am) 
Swamp (7-2) 

vs. 
The Estate (7-1) 

THE ANIMAL BOWl 
UCSD's 12th ANNUAL TIJRKEY TROT 

SAruRDAY, NOVEMBER 17th 
9:00am MUIR FIELD 

This game is the final peg in 
finishing the TKE sweep. If the 
sweep gets this far York Hunt Club 
will disappoint the fraternal 
brethren. York looks too tough. 
lDok for the T dee's to have a big 
home field advantage. We hear 
every TKE, IKE pledge, TKE little 
sister, IKE alumni, TKE house 
mother and TKE friend will be 
there. Add aD those to the crowd of 
"1M Czar Scott Berndes gets an the 
best players so we don't want him 
to win" and you get almost 
everyone rooting for TKE's. Oh, 
there will be a rooter or two for 
York. Outstanding wide receiver 
Chris Ferrez has a girlfriend and 
wideout Mark Lochtefdd brings 
his dog. Itll be like playing Notre 
Dame Stadium for York. 

Still, led by all-1M's center Hans 
Wiersma and a great line, York 
looks like a champ. But they loked 
like a champ last year until PWP 
scored with 16 seconds left to take 
the 'MA' tide. 

The Teke's are led by "the rock" 
John Burda. John's exploits are 
legendary, on and off the field. 
Mark Gastineau holds nothing 
over this big cat. QB Bob "Dude" 
Annell knows he can roll Burda's 
way anytime and not be in any 
danger. When Bob is throwing he 
usuaDy looks for his favorite target, 
Dave Vasil. Dave's generally known 
as the fastest dude on campus. 
What's not commonly known 
about Dave is that he is not a IKE. 
Better pledge him guys. last but 
not least is that sneaky litde center 
"Mad Dog" Matt lumsden. Look for 
him on the goal line to roll on in. 
This game should be a wide open 
exciting affair. Mistakes will playa 
key. Look for the Teke's to make 
more. York will win and stOp the 
TKE sweep. 

ThiS Saturday UCSO's MUIr 
FIeld will ...,semble the Yerrazano 
Narrows Brtdge. the StanlOg PO'nt 
In the New York Marathon Yes. u's 
the [Welfth Annual UCSO Turkey 
Trot. The..., is one cat.ch to the 
Turkey T rOl, though. lhlS race IS 
nOl Wl!h by the fasttst but by the 
persons who finish closest to their 
p...,·race p...,d,cted timt. The..., a..., 
[wo courses with awards for tOP 

place ftntshers m each One IS 3.09 
mIles and the long course tS 5 6 
moles. Each course runs around the 
UCSO campus. Watc hes obVIously 
",II no< be allowed . This should be 
a good run with lots of turkeys 
being awarded. So come on down 
10 Canyonview and pick up a map 
and run the course to get an tdea of 
your tlme. Don't be a turkey. Run In 
the Turkey Tro~ 

PAST BOWl GAME RESULTS 
ANIMAL BOWL 
1983 Plain Wrap Prophylactlcs 22 York Hunt Club 21 
1982 York Hum GUD 23 Bones 20 
1981 Chocolate Cuy 34 Harnm~ Warriirs 14 
1980 Unbeat Mea, 20 Cut"n Run 12 
1979 Unbeat Meat 25 Chocolate CIty 12 
1978 Raw Meat 27 Chocola" City 26 
1979 F...,ddy·s Teddys 20 Nlcrw Try·Bye 14 
1978 Sctipps 20 Ftdum Scu 8 
BANANA BOWL 
1983 Suit Sca,e 18 Macroor.hages 13 
1982 8.S.U. 7 Pakal 0 0 
1981 Plain Wrap Prophylacucs 27 Los TercmOlos 24 
1980 Grathue 18 Wha Koos 7 
1979 Yo Hum Club 33 The Tide 12 
1978 Rocky Mm Oysters 20 Hump and Run 6 
1977 Bofo 21 Linomani. 11 
1976 Raw Mear 18 Kank DuxSlad 0 
CADAVER BOWl 
1983 Party Animals 34 Stnd Ov.!r and Snap 0 
1982 Pigs 1'1 UP the End Zone 13 
1981 Gerry's KIds 22 While Punks on Dope 7 
1980 Q-Ludallcs 7 Pmk Sled b 
IQ79 Cunning LmgulSlS 13 Scal~ls 12 1978 The Stan. 12 Btg '5 6 
1977 tealers 12 Punt, S 
1976 Hump and Run 18 Big Nuk. 6 

CUMAXBOWL 
1983 I«tum of Bener Hands 22 Marks on the Bedpos, 8 
1982 The Sttte< Hands uS! tand 24 Teke OfT You Hoser 6 
1981 East Cupcak. Stato 19 HOI Fudge 14 
1980 AnISOtlOPIC Shlelders 19 Ho< Fudge 18 
1979 Stuer Hands 25 Amsotroplc hltlders 18 
1978 AniSOtrOP'C Shield.", 19 Sttter Hands 18 
1977 AnISotropiC Shltlders 7 Goodh.nds Peofulc 6 
1976 Rough RIders 22 Rtvltrn Y J ht C ub b 
SOUL BOWL 
1983 The Om 19 The De'rnrndos 7 
1982 The Genetic 18 4th and n<hes 9 
1981 Ste~hen 's Sobs 26 No Such Lu k 0 
1980 Alh ellc Supporter; H Bust U~ the ~ Iddle 18 
1979 Hot Fudge 12 Ebony tars 0 



10 Thursday, NO\!. 15, 19iH 

Grey waters 
By BARBARA GALLIOS 

T HE GREY WATERS of the Hudson River raged against the cement wharf. On the tram from 
Roosevelt Island 10 Manhattan I had to 
lean way back on the rail 10 balance 
myself against the sway of the small 
vehicle. The higher it rose above the 
river, the more the wind tossed it back 
and forth . Through the glass walls of the 
tram all that could be seen was the cold, 
forbidding water below. Gradually the 
tram descended into the midst of 
Manhattan's skyscrapers. Some days it 
took all the courage I had just to ride 
the tram, courage I needed even more 
when faced each morning With the 
assault of New York City. 

This pamcular day was a Saturday, 
though , a day when the Ci ty offered 
every imaginable amuseme nt. I met 
Tony and his son, Caleb. in the 
Metropolitan Museum of An's cafetena. 
Caleb was busy trying to get closer and 
closer to the splashing water of the 
fountain, mesmerized b}' the stick 
sculptures of trumpeters . Despite Ton}"s 
discouragements, he was uccessful In 
soaking his shirt sleeves up 10 his 
elbows. I was greeted with a soggy hug 
and a kiSS. 

"What took you so long??" he asked 
impatiently. ' We've been waiting for 
hours!" 

-AU of 20 minutes: c1ari 

"Oh well, thank you for waiting for 
me . Shall we go?" Down the enormous 
steps of the museum we hobbled, while 
the three-story banner flapped in the 
wind. I believed Caleb when he claimed 
the building had been built by giants. 

"I'm a kite! I'm a kite!" Caleb 
screamed , flailing his arms about. So we 
were all blown across the park, past 
police on horseback, ponds with 
huddled ducks, old men on park 
benche:.. We came out near 5th Avenue 
and headed straight for Schwartze, one 
of the largest and best lOy slOres in the 
world. We searched the store for a 
particular game Caleb had decided was 

imperative for his continued survival. 
He found the game easily, but was in no 
huny to leave. Unfortunately it was time 
for Caleb to be back home at his 
mother's, and Tony and I were due for 
dinner with Tony's uncle and aum. 

I tended to make light of the dinner 
party, tried to pretend it would just be a 
nice fnendly dinner. I had never met 
Allen and Caroline, but I had been told 
how extraordinary they were. Caroline 
was an editor for Knopf Publishing 
Company. Allen was an author who had 
published one novel and was awarded 
the 1979 Guggeinheim Fellowship to 
help him finish his second. The guest 

Metal doors 

list for this party included a sculptress, a 
playwright, a professor who taught at a 
medical school. Somehow I could not 
help noticing I did not quite measure 
up. 

Their apartment was three blocks 
from the park, on a street of older, 
modest buildings, although no 
apartment in Manhattan is Inexpensive. 
Cars were jammed into every available 
space on the street. Both of their full 
names were printed on the front door. 
The apartment Itself was beautifully 

> CONTINUED ON PAGE 1 J > 

By BARBARA GALLIOS 

T HE lARGE METAL DOORS of the Bayside House were locked . No hours were posted , nor was there 
an answer 10 my knock. A quick survey 
around back proved it had been 
deserted . Windows were boarded up. 
Heaps of chairs could be seen in one 
comer of an empty room. There was no 
sign of any personal belongings or of 
maintenance done on the grounds or 
buildings. A rickety , wooden stair led 10 
another entrance, but this one was 
locked also. Although the proclamation 
over the entrance read, "SOCial Services 
provided since 1880," it appeared as 
though social services had come to a 
halt in the year J 982. 

As J roamed around the back streets 
of the neighborhood , I saw families 
gathering around obJccts of concern -
the car, the garden, the laundry pinned 
up to dry. I could nOt help comparing 
them to my own diSSipa ted family in 
which no one member seems to share 
even a single concern with any Other. 
The children collected into their own 
groups, playing games on the many 
open areas of din. Apartments were 
crowded together in the military-looking 
drab buildings. There was no litter on 
the lawn, no din on the sidewalks. 
Indeed , as I walked [ had to divert my 
path twice to get out of the way of 
elderly men sweeping the sidewalks. Yet 
even in this weU-kept environment, 
deterioration could be seen everywhere. 
The paint was peeling off buildings. 
Windows had been broken and left 
unrepaired . Cracked panes of glass were 
more common than whole. Porch steps 
were chipped and worn away. Fences 
had broken boards or leaned way over 
as if they could no longer hold 
themselves up. 

My neighbors , besides being mostly 
Asiatic , are extremely quiet and sedulous 
people. Families of nine or more live in 
two-bedroom apanments without ever a 
squabble, or at least an audible one. 
Children do the laundry and tend the 
gardens . Most of the smaller infants 
spend their time strapped to their 
mothers' backs, accepting the roughest 
of rides without any complaints. Men 
more commonly watch over groups of 
older children, but it is not unusual to 
see them with infants. Dre:;sed in an 
array of clothes that neither match nor 
fit , the older kids congregate to play any 
kind of game that does not reqUire 
equipment. They run in their bare feet 
over din and mud, morning and 
evening, in rain and in cold weather. 
They play with the community dogs and 
cats, even though the animals are not 
particularily affectionate, since they are 
only marginaUy acknowledged by 
owners and receive little or no regular 
care. 

Despite the peaceful labors of a 
population primarily concerned with 
family, there is a high crime rate and 
frequent violent outbursts. Three blocks 
from here two San Diego Police Officers 
were shot and killed less than a year 
ago. Older teenagers drive hyped-up 
cars, jacked up in the back and low in 
the front . They dnve slowly down the 
streets, caUlng after me, "Hey baby, are 
you married?" and offering sexual 
invitations, as if being unmarried makes 
one unconditional prey for their sexual 
appetites. At the laundromat two boys 
sc uffie , one having a definite size 
ad vantage over the other. Their peers 
look on with detachment. [ have to 
hesitate , to try to assess the seriousness 
of the situation . The larger boy has 
> CONTINUED ON PAGE -ll--') 

Doors 
/ CONTINUED FROM PAGE 10 
" 

pinned hiS opponent In what looks LO 
be a tortuous posmon. The hoy on the 
ground looks around him In Inght, 
trying to keep his wits together, and 
trymg, as [ am , to assess his position . 
His peers give no response but their 
unreleming indifference . The larger boy 
gives a raucous laugh and releases his 
captive . 

"Whadya think, that 1 was really 
gonna hurt ya1 Get outa here." 

The beaten boy stands up , dusts off 
his clothes in an attempt to regam his 
pride, and exits hastily through a small 
break in a concrete wall . I was quick to 
follow suit. It was time for me to leave 
for work anyway, a handy excuse to 
camouflage my insecurities. My escape 
was only temporary, though, for when I 
retumed at night there were four 
adolescents waiting on my porch, two 
boys leaning on the POStS and twO girls 
sitting on the steps. No one spoke to 
me as [ approached them , As I climbed 
the Sleps one of the boys pushed the 
other one into me, causing him to shove 
me imo my from door. 

"Jesus Christ! Watch it! You're crazy!" 
He spoke only to his companion. 
"Excuse me," I reacted. My blood 
pressure soared , and I felt so angry [ 
would have enjoyed a confrontation. 
Fortunately concern for my survival 
made me consider another strategy. One 
of the girls was familiar to me so I tried 
to form an alliance. 

"How are you doing. Teny?" 
"AU right. Broke. Don't pay any 

anemion to these jerks." 
''I'll do that. Good night." I felt safer 

inside where I had control over my 
domain , but I couldn't sleep knOwing 
they were sitting outSide my door. My 
gut feeling was they ought to have 
something better to do, yet [ knew that 
was the hean of the problem, the fact 
that they didn·t. 

My roommate, Eulogia, warned me 
when I moved in last month that 1 
would have to adjust to the 
neighborhood. Until recently I just did 

my best to avoid the environme nt [ had 
moved to by drivmg off 10 work or 
sc hool , or staying inside the apartment, 
or even visiting myoid home down at 
the beach Lately, though, rhe neighbors 
have begun to Invade our home, first the 
kids coming in to watch TV, then the 
adults stopp ing by with food. 
Com munal cooking IS the key to social 
bondmg here . Very rarely does a week 
go b}' without someone dropping off 
some homemade bread, or stew, or 
candy. The children especially seem to 
be fed wherever they go, at least they 
are always fed at our house. They aU 
seem 10 know English. but only use it to 
address me, a habit that severely limits 
my participation in community affairs. 

Although the interdependence of my 
neighborhood in Linda Vista , whether it 
be cultural or caused by the stresses of 
emigration, may at times alienate me, it 
is obviously a great source of strength 
for them. It comes down to the physical 
fact that no one is ever alone, either 
while resting or working on some task. [ 
have read many studies on 
overcrowding as a cause of violence, but 
these people have taken crowded 
conditions and adapted them to their 
advantage. If there is strength to be 
found in numbers, these people have 
found it. ~ 

Waters 
< CONTINUED FROM PAGE 10 < 
simple, painted all in white with regular 
wood floors. It was crammed with 
books; ori~inal paintings and prints 
filled the walls . Every painting was 
explained along with a story of 
familiarity with the painter, some of 
whom were recognizably famous. Allen 
fixed me a drink that was 
unrecognizable, pink, and delicious. 
Everything was fine as long as it was 
only the four of us. Allen talked about 
his cataract operation and the problems 
he had with his eyesight. Caroline 
talked about the frustrations of her 
work, of how she had been unsuccessful 
in getting the books she fdt wen: IDOl( 
wolthy into print. Everyone appeared 
vulnerable and human, but it was not 

f ELARIO'S 
P' _ PRESENTS 

MONDAY NIGHT 
FOOTBALL 

See all the action~ ___ ~~~ 
on our giant 
tv screen 

459-0541 
E"LARtQ'S RESTAURANl 
7955 La Jolla Shores Of 

long before the others arrived, altering 
the gathering imo one of supra humans. 

"The opening or Ernst's play was an 
overwhelming success" 

-Mary's exhibit is in its founh week al 
the North Gall-:ry." 

"Did you read the reviews in The 
Times?" 

I began to wither into silence. Tony, 
on the other hand, appeared qUite 
comfonable. AU.en poured me another 
drink. My comer had turned into a 
conference on literary devices. All the 
descriptive values of fricatives and 
glides were expounded on, but no one 
could remember how to classify "r." 
Several possibilities were suggested and 
denied. I knew "r" was a liquid. All 
through the discussion I thought, "r" is a 
liquid. 

"'R' is a liquid," I muttered . 
"'R' is a liquid: Tony, the only one to 

hear me, spoke up. 
"Of course," said everyone else , 

At the dinner table Tonl and I were 
seated at opposite ends 0 the table, 
according to a tradition of separating 
couples. Then main course was lobster 
in a strange yellow sauce over rice, Allen 
poured me some wine, keeping me 
entertained with stories of how when he 
was in school he used to write papers 
for his fellow students, sell them, and 
give the money to the Communist Party, 
of which he had been an ardent 
member. He had since left the Party out 
of disillusionment, but there had been a 
time when the Party had been the light 
of aD his hopes. The medical professor 
across from me and the sculptress 
chattered on about how small the city 
reaDy was. I was astounded. How small 
New York City was? It became clear that 
the only small thing in the city was their 
intimate circle of friends. The rest of us 
peons obviously lived in some other 
insignificant city. 

"I reread all of Henry James' novels 
over vacation, and I was delighted to 
recall how truly magnificent the man's 
writing is." I tried not to choke on my 
food . Henry James? The author who 
spoke of the unWl'nanted pom~ty of 
Americans? How appropriate, The snide 
remarks kept flowing through my mind. 

EUAS 
HAIR 
DESIGlY 

Thursday, Nov. 15, 198. 11 

. 

"And what are your plans for the 
future?" asked the professor. Wait a 
minute, was he speaking to me? What 
now? I wanted to pretend [Q some 
outrageous ambition to save my pride , 
but I couldn't think fast enough. 

'Just trying to keep my head above 
water," was my reply, 

' You 've been awfully quiet all evening. 
What do you think of aU of us?" 1 felt 
everyone at the table was waiting for an 
answer. I looked to Tony for support but 
there was nothing he could do. 

"Come on. There's a price for 
admission to this show. What do you 
think?" I looked around the table, 
beseeching mercy. No one spoke. 

"[ think you are all insufferable snobs. 
How dare you talk about this city as if 
you were the only ones in it? I expected 
a lot more from you." 

There followed a round of defensive 
speeches. They pointed to all they had 
contributed to the city. How could I say 
it was not enough when I had 
contributed vinually nothing myself. But 
I felt I panicipared in a struggle none 
shared nor recognized. They pOinted to 
their tenacity to even remain in the city 
when so many had abandoned it. For 
myself it wasn't long after this 
confrontation that [ left for Calirornia. 
Maybe the only way all these people 
could remain in New York so long was 
by denying the existence of most of its 
inhabitants, I'd rather believe, though, 
that the only way they could survive was 
by celebrating in all their fine an the 
very diversity that makes New York 
great. This was the defense' that Allen 
finally chose, claiming to have 
immortalized American individualism, 
Only, his point was, you can't possibly 
live every line of what you write. [ didn't 
agree with him much. 

Afterwards. I could have kicked myself 
for estranging such influential people . I 
was pushed into the role of a naive 
unsophisticated child, and I had played 
it beyond reason. [ had assumed, like 
Caleb, that because these people had 
built monuments they must be giants. I 
had helped to increase the disparities 
lxtween us with my own prejudices. 
They were not really giants, and [ was 
not reaDy a child. EJ 

Californian. 

rredMNllfIIk aID "". _ 'LJ I,.. '18) 
~ ",., aID for __ '10 I,.. '1$) 

",,..IIa"" ~ us 1rqJ. $40) 5c~""" (,." KtJ 'J. (reg. WI) 
.... bre*~lul,. 118) CdIf¥ltMe ,U lteg. $2$} 

OllIe Itoru' /'IfdlII _ I. I reg. '3$) 
OllIe Itoru'- = • _ us IffIIJ. "$) 

SpecwisLs In III«/r lui, 
.. full xmcf! $lIon 

7608 Un • .,. Rd. Ina. Coil. 0" (T 163) Z ..... " 
~""" (fomterl!J U JoIu ClIlting Co.) 737 Purl SL,u JoI .. 

.~IJ70 .~J'lS 

Spec"" good with MI with xlected stl}//sLs through J 1/1918f 



12 Thursday, Nov. 15, 19iH 

Men's hoop preview 

Tritons appear armed 
By MICHAEL GREENBERG 

FOR THE PAST FEW seasons, the hierarchy of the UCSD men's basketball team has made pre-
season proclamations with the audacity 
of a presidential candidate. 

Head coach Tom Marshall and his 
predecessor John Block each have made 
outlandish predictions of how the 
Tritons will fare in the upcomIng year. 
Two years ago it was Block stating that 
"tit is team has equal or better talent than 
any team in our league, and I see no 
reason why we can't represent our 
conference in the Distnct playoffs." 
UCSD finished with a sub-par record 
and an embarrassing defeat to Azusa 
Paciflc In the first round. Last 

o\ember, Coach Marshall admitted 
that the T rirons were "not as talented as 
in se,lsons past," but that with the right 
chemistry, this team could go far." A 
week before the season ended, as UCSD 
was preparing to face diVisional foe 
Westmont, Marshall commented that 
"UCSD will upset Westmont and 
advance far In the playoffs." With 
General Custer's last stand in mind , 
Marshall's tritons were humiliated by 35 
points by a clearly superior Westmont 
team. Six days later, UCSD ended the 
campaign on a sorrowful note, losing to 
Biola in the first round of post-season 
play. 

school's playoff invitation is based solely 
on the team's record. By contrast, the 
NAlA' the league which UCSD vacated, 
does not discriminate against a school 
for a poor record as long as it fares well 
in itS league. Marshall sees the move as 
a positive force for his club and the 
school. "Most of the teams at UCSD 
have operated under NCAA rules, except 
for swimming and men's basketball ," 
says Marshall. -The Intercollegiate 
Athletic Office made a wise decislOn 
dropping the NAlA, SInce now all of 
UCSD's fA teams will be under the same 
governing body. As for the team 
personally, I think the playoff prospects 
look good now that we are in the 
NCAA" 

Perhaps Marshall is correc·!. The most 
recent Issue of the 
NCM News states 
that Claremont-
Mudd is the best 
team on the West 
Coast. UCSD defeat-
ed Claremont by ten 
pointS last year. 

Are the Tritons 
good enough to 
advance to the NCAA 
playoffs five months 
from now? They are a 
sure bet to surpass 
the school's all- time 
record for victOries 
19, as their sc hedul~ 
is padded with 
opponents that, shall 
we say, will never 
grace the cover of 
Sports Illustrated . 
UCSD does have four 
returning starters 
and a group of new 
talent that should 

Mine Dabasinsltas gave his coach an early Christmas present but then toon it back. 

should see plenty of 
floor time: 

Brandon Nixon 
-Probably UCSD's 
most consiste nt 
performer, averaging 
a team-leading 14 
points and three 
assIsts per game. He 
has the ability to 
score inside and Out, 
and will often post 
up against a smaller 
opponent. One of 
the team's leaders, 
Nixon will have to 
avoid the injuries 
that hampered him 
so frequently last 
year. 

Greg Kamansky 
-Sparkled as a 
freshman, shooting 
50% from the floor , 
an incredible statis-

So it comes as no surprise that 
Marshall is "cautiously optimistic" about 
the 1984-85 Tritons. There have been 
many changes since last year, the most 
prominent being the school's decision 
to abandon the NAlA in favor of the 
more prestigious NCAA. The 
ramifications of such a transition are 
varied . Instead of participating in an 
organized league, which UCSD has 
done for several years (the NAlA District 
Ill), the Tritons are now classified as 
IndependentS and thus are free to 
schedule any team they please. Such an 
arrangement has made Marshall 
dramatically shift UCSD's traditional 
pre-season line-up of Division I 
powerhouses ro the less formidable 
Division UI squads. The tnton coach 
had little alternanve to do otherwise, as 
the NCAA's criteria for awarding a 

proVide them with 
depth, a luxury the 
team has not been 

Coach Tom Marshall is cautiously optimistic. 
tic considering that 
almost all of his 
points came from the 

Paul Rasmussen returns aJtera one-year hlQtu~ . 

accustomed to the past few seasons. 
Marshall would not elaborate on who his 
staTtIng five would be when the Tritons 
face Azusa Pacific In the Pavilion for the 
season opener tomorrow night (tip-off is 
at 8 pm), but the follOWIng six players 

Mark Baneca looks jor AII-Ammwl1 1I0110rs 

perimeter. His most 
Impressive feature is his desire to want 
the ball when the game is on the line. 
Look for him to lead UCSD in scoring 
and to possibly achieve All-American 
status if he contInues to improve. 

Randy Bennett-The team's true 

Randy Bellllt:1I II Cl ww[v,t when In control. 

L> __ C_O_N_T_I_NU_E_D __ O_N_P_A_GE __ 14 ___ > 

Greg Kamanshy had downlown range last yecu 

Thursday, Nov. 15, 198'4 13 
~VDILTS 

. . . 

Crew season begins ear~ 

UCSD rows to the 
Head of the Harbor 
By KIRK ALTER 

T HE UCSD CREW TEAMS kicked off their seasons on Sunday by competing in the Thineenth 
Annual Head of the Harbor Regatta. The 
men's and women's teams trekked to 
the Pon of Los Angeles to compete in 
what has become a West Coast Fall 
Classic. The "head" regatta is modeled 
after many English "head-of-the-river" 
races and the classic Head of the 
Charles race held in Boston. This year's 
Head of the Harbor hosted close to 
1,000 competitors in 200 entries from 

125 competing organizations. 
The annual "head" races make use of 

much longer courses than are used 
during the race season. The 3.5-mile 
course challenges the endurance and 
the conditioning of the crews and the 
strategy and steering abilities of the 
coxswains. While the acrual race season 
doesn't begin until March, the Head of 
the Hamor regatta serves as the 
culmination of the fall training period. It 
gives the coaches and the crews the first 
chance of the year to see how they size 
up against the competition. 

Race day on Sunday had different 
meanings for the veteran and the novice 
crews of UCSD, The veterans had a 
good season last year, finishing fourth 

out of 23 teams on the West Coast,. 
behind Washington , Cal and UClA. For 
the novices, the regana was a chance to 
panicipate in their first competition and 
to try to earn a seat for the spring race 
season. If Sunday was any indication 
of what the season holds in store for the 
UCSD crew program, the Tritons 
certainly have a season to look fOIWard 
to. The varsity lightweight eight placed 
second in a field' of 16 and appears set 
for a supem season, and the varsity 
heavyweight eight placed a respectable 
third out of ten in a hard-fought race. 
The varsity four placed fourth out of 11. 

Last year UCSD didn't send any 
novice crews to the Head of the Harbor 
because the quaner system causes UCSD 
novices to stan training almost a month 
later than most other competing schools. 
Although hindered by lack of adequate 
training time, this year's enthusiastic 
novice squad looks promising. The 
novice eight fared the best by finishing 
fifth in a field of 11 in an exciting race 
which saw them pass two boats and 
almost catch a third at the finish, 
UCSD's freshman eight had a toU£her 
day and finished 13th out of 16, but 
look for them to improve ~y Sf?ring. The 
novice lightweight eight placed sixth out 

Why It Pays To Check Out 
1st Base Software 

At last. lsi Base Software from McGraw-Hili unlocks the real power of your home or business 
computer with affordable ready· to-run. database managers. Check these features: 

112 specific applications packages- tailored to your individual needs. whether you're 
a businessman. collector. teacher. Investor. 
profeSsional. homemaker. retailer. 

2 Each program is so easy to use. you can be up and running in no time. Enter in-
formation. revise it. and rearrange it with just a 
few keystrokes. 

3 Powerlul sorting and selecting features - 10 levels deep - make 
it a breeze to retrieve information any 
way you can imagine. on your computer 
screen or in printed reports. lists. and even 
labels. A merge feature lets you blend 
lsI Base data right in to word processing. 

4 Even first·time database users find 1st Base Software as easy to choose as 
it is to use. Our unique package tells you what 
each program does and how to use It. Browse 
through the user manuals to find out still more. 

Ho .. SerI .. $29.95_. 
• Home Address Manager 
• Home Inventory Manager 
• Personal Income Tax MlUlager 
• Portfolio Data Manager 
• Record Collection Manager 
• Stamp and Coin Manager 

~'1'-1st Base 
l~nUI Software 

Auoilobkjor: 18M·PC. and compatlbln. 
~n · lie. TRS-80111. IV&lVp. 

5 The best news is the price: just $29.95 for each package in the Home Series 
and $49.95 for each package in the 
Business Series. 

The sophisticated. affordable software 
you've been waiting for is now here. See 
1st Base Software tcxlay 

a ....... Serl_ $49.95 H. 
• Business Address Manager 
• Business Inventory Manager 
• Client 8U1lng Manager 
• Customer Records Manager 
• School Records Manager 
• Word Processing Manager 

UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE 'a-008 
UnIverSIty of Calofornla. San Diego 

La Jolla, Calif . 92093 
Phone: 1619) 452 ·3149 

MEDICAL TECHNICAL DEPARTMENT L ___ ---' 

of nine. The novice team also sent a 
strong four-man entry to the race, but 
because UCSD must share boats with 
both SDSU and USD, there wasn't a boat 
available for them to compete in the 
novice classification. Instead, they 
competed in the varsity four 
competition and placed last, but when 
their times were compared with the 
results in the novice four race, it 
appears that they would have placed 
second or third. 

UCSD usually doesn't enter anyone in 
the single sculls competition, but this 
year varsity squad member Raoul Wertz 
competed in the men's single sculls and 
placed fifth out of ten. 

When asked how they rated UCSD's 
overan performance, coaches Jon 
Lawson and Dave Wiederspahn said , 
"We'd have to rate it a B or B+. The 
varsity looks set for another good 
season, and the novices look 
promising." 

Race season I;legins March 9 and ends 
May 19 with the San Diego Crew 
Classic-the largest annual crew regatta 
in the nation. UCSD's crews will begin 
working in earnest to gain the benhs of 
top crew in San Dieg9 and the West 
Coast. SDSU has ruled the waters of 
Mission Bay in the past, but this year 
UCSD is poised to take over as master 
of the boathouse. ~ 

Sporting their new GQ shins, the UCSD hea\)'Wdght right crew prepares to strolrt. 

FAMOUS LAST WORDS 
FROM FRIENDS TO FRIENDS. 

"Are you OK to drive?" 
"Whats a.t~v beers?" 

"Did yo/t have too nnlC/t to drinkr" 
"1'111 peif(xtly fi.ne ." 

"Are you ill any shape to drive?" 
"I've never.telt better." 

"/ think yuu've had a./elt' too II/al/y." 
Myou kiddill, 1 can drive 

lvith 1II!1 e!/e8 closed.~ 

"You've had too 1/!l1C/l to d1ink, 
let I/lf drive." 

"Nobody drives Illy car but H/e.~ 

DRINKNG AND DRIVING 
CAN KI.L A·FRIENDSH. 

u. S. Deportment of Tr()f"l~pol'totjon !I 

_ .. 

C 
:::::I 

. 

. 



( . 

• 

1 ~ Thursday, Nov. 15, 198~ 

Basketball looks to rebound 
CONTINUED FROM PAGE 12 < 

rehabilitation, Marshall repons that 
Dabo is playing as well as ever. 
Oabasinskas must avoid foul trouble, 
something that has plagued him in the 
past. 

Bill Reese- Will see plenry of time at 
the small forward spot, the pOSition 
Marshall sought to fill fi rst with the 
graduation of All-League performer Steve 
Flint. Although not as physical , Reese is 
even more of a marksman than Aint 
was from the outside. He should score 

often and will help Barreca and Dabo 
on the boards. 

The rest of the UCSD squad is young 
and talented: 

Mike Alvarado is one of four 
freshmen on the club this year and 
should see considerable playing time. 
He has a nifl)' outside jumper, but 
needs to gain some weight. Steve 
Dabasinskas, the brother of Mike, was 
named to the ClF San Diego 2A All -Star 
team. He will spell Barreca and his 
brexher at times. Andy Jedynak is a 
surprise walk-on who transferred from 
the University of Wisconsin. At 6-9, he 

will back up Oabo. Mike McDonald 
should see some playing time at the 
small forward spot. He earned MVP 
honors in both football and basketball in 
high school. Paul Rasmussen missed all 
of the 83-84 campaign but saw ample 
playing time the year before . A player 
who has learned the fundamentals and 
seldom makes mistakes, Rasmussen 
should see a lot of playing time if he 
stays healthy. Vaughn Rex is the 
shortest member of the team and 
probably the qUickest next to Bennett. 
Playing behind three talented guards in 
Nixon, Kamansky, and Bennett, he will 

Good friends won't leave you flat. 

The moon was up, the stars 
were out and-pfftt!-your rear 
tire was down. Good thing there 
was a phone nearby. And a few 
good friends who were willing 
to drive a dozen miles, on a 
Saturday night, to give you a 
lift. When you get back, you 
want to do more than just say 
"thanks:' So tonight, let it be 
LOwenbrau, 

Lowenbrau. Here's to good friends. 

make it tough for Rex to see a lot of 
playing time . 

On paper, the Tritons seem to have 
the right mixture of youth and 
experience to create a winning formula. 
One detrimental effect of the rather easy 
schedule is that should they make [he 
NCAA playoffs, the Tritons will have yet 
to be tested. Obviously, getting 
production from Barreca, Nixon and 
Kamansky will be imponant, but the key 
to any post -season success will be the 
emergence of UCSO's supponing cast in 
prOViding the help that was not there a 
year ago. ~ 

Ski Pant8 $20 

Be .......... M.99 

Army Pants $9 ,99 

Cheap Chic 
Fun Fashions for 
Men & Women 

4614 Mission Blvd, 
Pacific Beach 

274-CHIC 
Hours: 10-6 7 days 

Visa/MC Accepted 

dHoP 
BUSINESS AND 
tECHNICAL MAJORS 

Highly responsible positiOns for 
college seniors and graduates 
/tlYough age 341 in financial 
and logistic support. The Navy 
Supply Corps ~ hiQ!1lY 
qualified, dynamic Individuals 
to lead and manage large 
inventory and financial 
networks. Salary SI8.500 to 
start, S34.0oo after 4 years. 
Excellent benefits package. 
Need B/VBS, u.s. citizenship. 
calIN"'''~ 
Pragr ..... , 29 •• 746, 
Mon NIId lam 4pm. 

Thursday, Nov. 15, 1984 1.5 

A Revelle College Publication· UnIversity ot Calltomla, San DIego 

THE PEOPLE SP 
~----______ THANKSG~NG' ____________ ~ 

Recendy I roamed about Revelle Plaza 
asking my fellow students the question, 
"What are you most thankful for this 
Thanksgiving?" Most said that they were 
thankful just to have the four-day vacation 
away from school. Here are a sample of the 
answers I received: 

''I'm most thankful for being able to 
attend the Oasis Summer Bridge Program, 
an orientation program to help prepare 
you for UCSO." (- a Muir Freshman). 

"I guess midterms being finally over and 
seeing family and friends this 
Thanksgiving." (Andy Panado, a Warren 
Sophomore). 

"111 be most thankful if my professor 
cancels the computer program assignment 
that's due on Thanksiiving. 111 be even 
more thankful if I pass the course!" (DanJ., 
a Muir Senior). 

"I would be happy just to have a break 
and also I could sleep late. (Normally) I 
have to get up early for my 8:00 class." 
(Lourdes Ramos, a Warren Senior). 

"Four days off from school! We won't 
have classes and I'll get to go home and see 
the family." (Jack Debes, a Wa~nJunior) . 

"Nothing because Reagan's back in 
office." (Glenn Lucey, a fifth year Revelle 
Senior). 

"In terms of that day, I'm most thankful 
for letting loose, getting away from San 
Diego and getting out of the same old 
thing. Just forgetting about school for the 
day." (Julie Monick, a Muir Senior). 

"Peace and freedom around the world." 
(-a R~\le Freshman). 

"I'm thankful for my parents supporting 
me through coDege: (-a Muir Freshman). 

-EDen Caprio 
EW FACES ________ -t 

Clwla JohlllOll 
Just when you think the world will be 

buried in apathy, you see a friendly, eager 
face, like that of Charles Johnson, the new 
receptionist for the assistant dean, and 

them to later seek out Staff when they need 
assistance," she says. 

Kim obviously enjoys being a part of 
UCSD! 

-Sbalini Shah 
you realize that not everyone out there is a Tim --ura 
zombie. • ... t" f th Filling the position 0 e Assistant 

Johnson, before coming to UCSD, was a ReSident Dean, Tim Purpura works closely 
licensed psychiatric technician (LPT) in with the resident advisors, planning their 
the Navy, providing counselling for those training sessions and organizing activities, 
with behavioral and mental problems. and serves as the advisor of the Hall 
Later, he worked with Project Motivate, Programming Board. Additionally, he 
Inc., a transitional living facilil)' which tends to the special needs of the students, 
helps to integrate people coming from works with billing damages and student 
psychiatric facilities into sociel)' . In conduct, and is the head supervi50r of 
preparation for his present position, he "Quartertlash," the game room. 
attended the San Diego Urban League IBM Purpura has really enjoyed his first two 
Data Processing Training Center. months at UCSD and is very impressed 

CutTendy Johnson is enrolled in SDSU, with the students and their willingness to 
majoring in health care, and has replaced be involved in campus and community 
Joyce Mincey as receptionist for assistant activities. He remarks, ''There is an 
dean, Yolanda Garcia. He is now changing excellent degree of communication 
professions from an LPT to a wora bet10VCen everyone here at Revelle and the 
processor and felt that UCSO was "an ideal people work well together for a terrific p~c; to do just that." . communiI)' atmospherel" Being on the 

. 1 m . th~lled ~ b~ working, at the meal plan program and living in Galathea 
umverstl)', he said. Th~ Team, as we Hall enables him to interact with the 
prefer to call oursel~es , IS of the same students on a more personal level and qu~hty as the Padres. "establishes a good relationship between 

The stu.dents are great people, . he him and the students. ChOOSing Revelle 
continued. And I look ,~orward to working . College for its academic climate, Purpura 
at the untve.rslty datly. . . remarks, °1 especially like the academic 

Johnson IS also very Interested In the environment at Revelle. It is an intense and 
wellness concept, which includes fitness rigorous program and the students seem to 
and nULOtlon and hopes to be the be aware of what the word academic really ~dministrator of ,~ health care center, or means." Additionally, he likes the 
wellness centers, as he beheves they.will humanities program at Revelle and 

be ~led . He Jogs dally ~d also ellJOYs maintains that "even though the students 
plaYing the flute and reading. may hate it now, it is a valuable course and 

-liatbaa T .. n will enable them (the students) to write, 
Kim CampeI 

Kim Campel has been working as 
secretary to Nancy Grove in academic 
advising for a month now. Kim came to 
San Diego in 1977 as a student at San 
Diego State University, where she majored 
in Political Science. Now she doesn't want 
to ever leave La Jolla! She reaDy enjoys 
working with students and hopes to 
someday train to become a counselor. One 
of Kim's special motives is to see students 
and staff become better acquainted with 
. each other so students can benefit more 
from the - various services and 
opponunities available at UCSD. For this 
reason, she encourages both students and 
staff to panicipate in activities such as the 
recent Revelle Casino Night (where she 
helped prepare those famous "daiquiris") 
and the upcoming Student-Staff Softball 
Game. "If students meet campus officials 
in informal settin~, it will be easier for 

speak and think well in the future: 
Originally from Chicao, Illinois, Purpura 

received his Bachelors in Psychology from 
Loyola University in Illinois, and is 
presendy working towards his Masters. 
His long lerm goal is to go into human 
resource management, which is based on 
helping people develop their skills 
efficiendy and effectively. 
. When not busy with official school 
business, Purpura likes to play baseball, 
being a very big baseball fan, and snorkel. 
He also enjoys phexography and listening 
to jazz music. 

Overall, Purpura is very pleased with the 
beginning of the school year. As previous 
director of a 600 student dormitory at 
Loyola and a hall advisor to a 424-student 
coed dorm at San Diego State, Purpura 
comments, "Revelle is great and I'm really 
glad to be working here .. . 1 love it!!" 

-Bama.. Slama 

• • • NOTICE: Students interested i~ filin~ for an "incomplete" fide m~st do ~ prior td 
the final exam period. The grade IS aSSigned when a ~~ent s ~rk IS nonfatling but 
incomplete due to illness or exher good cause. The I grade will be replaced upon 
completion of the work by a date agreed upon by student and instructor nex later than 
the last day of finals of the following quarter. 

BON VOYAGE TO ERNIE 
On the first day of 1985, ReveDe Dean 

Ernie Mon wiD take an eigh\-month leave 
of absence from UCSD, and indeed from 
America. Dean Mon is traveling to England 
to visit coUeges in Canterbury, Cambridge 
and Oxford. His first stop is the University 
of Kent in Canterbury, where he wiD be 
spending the bulk of his visit. "I want 10 
visit (Kent) because It is similar in concept 
to UCSD." Mon said. °It is a coUegiate 
uni versity with four coDeges named 
Darwin, Rutherford , Keynes and Eliot." 

Mon is interested in speaking with the 
Master of Kern (equivalent to the provost), 
its facuky and its students. He is intereswl 
in learning how studentS choose a college 
and ideNify with the one they select. He 
intends to srudy the services offered by 
each coBege as wen as their IUtorial 
systems, seminars and honors classes. 

He will also visit the University of York 
and examine its conegiate system. °1 hope 
to confinn some of our own views on the 
college system and see strengths and 
weaknesses in comparison with our own," 
Mon said in regards to the purpose of his 
visit. "UCSD is a modern adaptuion of the 
beSt of the English tradition of the college 
system. (But) there is (sriD) a lot to be 
learned from them." 

During his absence, the duties of ReveDe 
Dean win be taken by Hugh Pates, a RrveUe 
Psychological Counselor, and Yolomda 
Garcia, the Assistant Dean of Revdie. 

AI of ReveUe, especiaOy ics graduating 
seniors, wish to thank Ernie Mon Cor aD he 
has done for us and to wish him the best in 
his travels. 

-Aaoes C. Giammona 

EDUCATIONAC 
PROGRAMMING: 

INTERNSHIPS AVAIlABLE 
Applications are now available for an 

internship through the Revelle ResideN 
Dean's OlTice. The Intern receives a free 
room in the residence halls for 
approximately ten hours work per week. 
The intern provides and schedules 
educational programs in the residence 
halls with special attention to programs 
whic h relate to the academic curricuIwn of 
Revene. Application aeadline is Nov. 21. 
Pick up a referral at Ihe srudem 
employment office. 

lASSHOUSE GANG 
PUTS ON THE SQUEEZE 

The Rrvelle Provost's Office Scaff 
(Glasshouse Gang) thrashed the Revek 
Orientation Leaders, 11-5. If you would 
like to be stomped, chompea, and romped 
by the Glasshouse Gang, that is if you are 
not arraid, call x3490 and sign up to play 
soflbaD against the Glasshouse Gang. 

Thank you Orientation Leaders ror an 
easy win! SMILE! 

FOR THE COMMUTER 
For commuters, on of the most 

annoying problems is finding a parking 
place. 11 takes so much time and then 
when you finaoy get a SPOl, you have to 
hike to class because the spot's so far out. 

On Wednesday, Nov. 7, Laura Rey, the 
assistant manager of parking, and Howard 
Finnecy, her associate, met with some 
concerned Revelle students in the 
Commuter Lounge to discuss this serious 
problem. The results were mixed; there 
was good news and, of course, bad news. 
The bad news is that the city will red zone 
TotTey Pines Road , leaving many students 
hard-pressed for finding spots. As to when 
this will occur, that's anyone's guess. The 
reason for this action apparendy stems 
from the complaints by our neighbors that 
the volume of cars on Torrey Pines is so 
heavy that puling out on to the road is 
praclicaly impossible. Once the :cd 
zoning has been done, the UCSD parkmg 
officers will consider many alternatives 10 
alleviate the parking problem. Some ideas 
have been the possibility of providing a 
shuttle service to those students who park 
in those out-of-the-way parking lOts, but 
this would be quite expensive. Another 
possiblity, suggested by one of the 
students at the meeting, was creating high-
rise parking lOts, perhaps at Revelle ~nd 
Muir. Again, this too would be expensive. 
The parking officers welcome any other 
suggestions you might have as a 
concerned commuter. They can be found 
at the parking office behind the cashier's 
office on Warren Campus. 

Now for the good news. A new lot, which 
will contain iOO parking spaces, will be 
undergoing construction very soon. This 
will be located directly north of the 
extension buildings. Apparendy, this will 
be the last 101 built before the red zoning of 
Torrey Pines Road is complete. 

In Ihe meantime , there are 
transponation alternatives. Several buses 
have stops at the campus. You can pick up 
a copy or twO of bus schedules in the 
Revelle Commuter Lounge. In addition to 
bus routes , there is always the option of 
car-pooling to school with other students . 
However you do manage to get to school, 
remember patience is a virtue, even when 
someone takes your spot! Drive safely and 
relax, class can't be that imponant! 

-Emma-Lee Caprio 

EVELLE SEMINARS 
WINTER 1985 

R 1..ovberg Ion and Plasma Rockets: 
Exptditions to Dttp Space 
S. Patton Millt and the Mammary Gland 
D. Luft Vienna 1900 
R Pearce Huddcbtny finn 100 Years 
Ajkr 
P. Sahman Fruits, Nuts and 
BoIopI .. . Arr We What We Eat? 
M. Wimchin Love as Philosophy, 
Religion and Art 
D. Freifelder Genetic Engineering-What 
it is and Why It's so Exciting 
B. Williams IQ and Inttl/igtnce 
R. ReveUc The Carbon Dioxide Problem 
W. Thompson The Shapt of Things to 
Come 
C. Norris Images of Womtn in Modem 
littnllure 

t-----DIE ('ALUD~-. ___ ...... 
NCMIIIber I6-Speclal CofectD.tn Why Not HeR18:JO pm-midnight Food will 
be inexpensive and entertainment wiD be provided by student musicians. 
NcMmba I6-SAFETY ON CAMPUS discussion will be led by a speaker from the 
Police Dept. 12 noon in the Commuter Lounae. 
Novmaber 17-Pre-Air Band Contest Reception 7 pm Revelle Informal Lounge 
sponsored by the Commuter Advisory Board. 
November IS-COMMUTER SOFTBALL GAME &t BBQ against Discovery Dorm. 3 
pm. Sign-up in the Commuter lounge. limited Space. 
December I-LANGUAGE PROAaENCY TESTS Offered in French, German, 
Spanish and Russian. 9:00 am in USB 2722 (Reading). Oral interviews will be Tues. 
Dec . .. and Wed. Dec. 5. Sign up for both at the language Office, P6TL 2125 during the 
ninth and ternh weeks . 



• 

16 Thursday, NOli 15, 1984 

Ct_lfIed ~ng space Is sold In 100 
ch.r.cter Increments. E.ch letter. 
punclWtlon m.k ~ sp«e between 
words Is CDnsldered • ch.rKter. wtth 
capltalletten counting _ two ct1.rolders. 
The r.e Is 51 per 100 m.r.aers for 
studenCs .nd 53 per 100 m.r.cters for 
non-slUdents. You must CDme by the o,"ce 
Of' INIII In your ." .s we require JNYment 
In iIdv.,ce of publl~lon. De~/Ines are 
5 pm Tuesd.y for Thunc:Yy's pIIper, 5 pm 
FrlcUy lor Mondlly's pIIper. For more 
Information QI/ 452-1466. The GLWtrdl ... , 
UCSO, 8-016, Ut Joll., CA 92093. 

Spend this summer in Washingtonl Come to 
ASIO Nat'l Internship Info Nite, this Tues., 7 
pm, US84030a. (11/19) 
Insurance Warl We'" beat any price or we 
cbn't want your business. Tickets, accidents, 
sports cars, good driver/student d iscounts: 
all welcome. call 286-1135. Request UCSD 
Plan. (11/29) 
Violin? Viola7 Prep for "32" or just for fun. 
Group rates, sliding scale. Helen Martin, 
457-0671. (11/26) 
Reliable Wheels car rental from S5. low 
mileage rates available. Free delivery. 459-
4936. (11/29) 
Last chance to join all UC schools up in Vail, 
Col. is approaching. Fri. 11/16 is the last day to 
buy your AI~Cal tickets. Mark off Dec. 14-21 
on your calendar & rush ~r to the box 
office. S299 piUS RISC memb. (11/15) 
Want to SEU your old Ski clothes or 
equipment? ~ to BUY some Ski clothes or 
equipment? Come to the SKI SWAP MEET 
Nov. 16, Revelle Plaza-UCSD Ski Racing 
Team. /11/15) 
APPLY NOW-STUDENT REGENT. Deadline 
Friday, Nov. 16. Tr~1. fee waived, rub 
shoulders with the famous. Applications 
""ailable all CNer campus. For info, call 452-
4083. (11/15) 
TRUE LETTER OUALITY wor~roassing, 
typing. Fast service. Alfa-Bits, La Jolla 454-
8628. (11/15) 
WINI A ticket fortheAI~cal trip to VAil or (4) 
S25 Gift Cen. or (41 tune-ups to Pat's Ski 
Shop, at the UCSO Ski Radng Team RAFFlE. 
To be held I pm Revelle Plaza NcN. 16. Tickets 
S2 each,l3 br S5. (11/15) 
Desire to represent (Ner 140,000 students? 
Apply for SRDENT REGENT. Apf.>Iications 
available all CNer campus. ~adline Friday, 
Nov. 16. Turn in apps to Chancrllor's Office 
no later than 5 pm. (1l/15) 
You are wanted for Studer'll R~I Appo/ 
now. ~adline to appo/: Friday, Nov. 16. Tum 
in apps to Chancellor's Office. (11/15) 

Send SI or more cash to YK, 1951 Coast Btvd., 
~I Mar, CA. 92014 for a tree gift. (11/15) 
Nat'llntemship Info Night Tues., 11/20 at 7 
pm, US84030A.. Presented by ASIO. (11/191 

IIR\II IH~III ] 
73 Pinto-2000, 45p., AM FM cassette, $814. 
Call 755-7236 or 450-1328. /11/151 

Computer printer, Brother HR-15, letter 
quality, $300. 458-1399. (11/261 
Surfboard: 6 '8" Thruster Winter Gun, brand 
new SIBO. Brett 453-3394, keep trying. 
(II/IS) 
Biochem/Cellbio graduate (GPA 3.86) 
offering notes, midterms, finals for all courses 
taken. 481-5541. (11/15) 
Surfboard, T single fin, brand new S120. 753-
8161. (11/15) 
Old style Canon F-I bo~, in great shape, 
S25O. Ray, 270-2908. Must sell nowl (11/15) 
R/C Equipment Kraft Transmitter 2 airplanes. 
Call Glenn 458-9267. (II/IS) 
Photo-Developing lab equipment Paterson 
2-reel developing tank, Kalt stainless steel 
dial thermometer, chemlcals and chemical 
rontainers. Good as brand nt!IN. Call eve. 
455-6645. (11/19) 
Flaming Red 7' single fin full Astrodeck 
Sunset Custom. Ideal for big w~. Cleanl 
S200 firm. 457-1390. (1I/26) 
Beach Cruiser, Schwinn w/surf racks and 
white wall tires. S70. ~an 453-,3394, keep 
trying. (11/15) 
lD-speed 21" Raleigh Grand Prix. Ready to 
ride, priced to move. S150 value for S75. 450-
4689. /11/15) 
Concord AM-FM cassette deck and two 3-

~ speakers. S15O; Olin Mark IV Skiis, 
185cm S120; tire chains, fit FR70-14, 
FR/GR78-14, SIS. Call Scott at 755-3543. 
(11/19) 
Puch Moped for sale in good condition, great 
for school transportation. S170 OBO. Call 
458-9853. (11/15) 

tlHHflllllll1 
TRUE LETTER OUAUTY wor~ocrssing, 
typing. Fast servia. Alfa-BIts, La Jolla 454-
8628. (11/15) 
A. T HOME FATHERS of small children. Ph.D. 
cando would like to speak to you about your 
experiences with your child under 1-1/2 yrs. 
CaIl.Jerry collect 415-665-2038. /11/191 

~RB1ELLE FRESHMEN-
PLEASE READ THIS 

__ ANNOUNCEMENT~ 
There will be lecture time changes for 
the following HUMANITIES COURSES: 

lIB PROF. STROLL 
FROM: 2:00-2:50 PM 
TO: 1:00-1:50 PM, HL AUO, MWF 

12B PROF. ARNESON 
FROM: 1:00-1:50 PM 
TO: 2:00-2:50 PM, HL AUO, MWF 

, -

Wanted: Video Editing hel~ for studer'lt 
\Wr1<ing on projects. Expertise needed. 
Salary operl. 273-5458. (11/19) 

Master bedroom for rent Can be shared. 3/4 
mile from school. call Rich or J.K. at 457-
1353. Dec. 1st. (11/29) 
For young professional woman-studio apt. 
Of similar. can ~ 5300. Please call 459-6899 
and leave message. /11/29) 
New condo for rent dose to UCSO. U 
Colony. Furnished 3-bdrm loaded with 
extras. Call 450-3265. (11/26) 
5 br 4 bath Torrey Pines home. S21oo/mo. 
Unfurn., l1INo/ redec. HD INOOd ftoors. Call 
.Jeff 454-6158. 29~6893. (11/26) 
House in Clrmnt, trig, frplc, jac., wash, 2 brm 
2 bath, S450 plus S200 util. call 272-3019 
Wed. after 7 pm. Paul. (11/19) 

dlA/Hillll 
Top DraINer Secr~iaI Word Processing. 
Reports, resumes, llWlusalpts. Student rate. 
Diane 481-4160. (11/291 

E~ert Typing. WOrd processing & tape 
transcription. Spelling free. San~. 459-5818. 
La Jolla. (11/29) 
Sunroofs, high quality glass pop-up 
c:otl1>'ete/y guaranteed. 5115 installed. Bob 
4BI-9145. (1l/15) 
Will do all your typing-UCSD grad with 8 
years prof. exper. You can call anytime. 
Nadine 578-0496. /11/29) 
TRUE LETTER OUAUTY \I\I()('~ocrssing. 
typing. Fast service. Alfa-Bits, La Jolla 454-
8628. (II/IS) 
HAVING A PARTY? let me supply recorded 
music for dandng or arry other mood. Either 
rent IT!( cassettes or I will create to your 
desires. Call Steve 295-4885. (11/29) 
Burke Secretarial-Quality typingl Spelling 
correct-rush jobs sped~/ftexibte tn. La 
Jolla 457-3842. /11/29) 
NEED /II. TYPIsn We ~ anything" low 
rates-tree pick-up CI'ld delivery. lkllYersi1¥ 
Word Processing. 944-1990 24 tv/7 days. 
/11/15) 
Typing!Word Processing-For all your 
typing needs call Barbara at 454-7624. Rush 
jobs accepted. (11/29) 
TWist-Sl per page. Eng/ish MA .Janet 10 
am-9 pm. 454-4659. /11/15) 

Prof. Word Procrssing/1WIng dissertations, 
theses, papers, resumes. South Bay. Lorraine 
421-9426. (11/29) 
WORD PROCESSING. Reasonable rates, free 
campus pickup/delivery. Fast servia. A.nO:/, 
279-8056. (11/19) 

AI~Cal tickets are selling fast last day to buy 
is Fri. 11/16. Just S299 ptus RISC membership 
ensures you a week of fun Dec. 14-211 Trip inc. 
Iodglng. litts, & trans. Buy row at the Box 
Offlcel (11/151 
RefinneJ-Happy "18" B~I Relax guys 
little red is legal rowl ~ ya kidl Meteor 
150'sl (II/IS) 
Get geat \Wrk experience outside of S.D.I 
Nat'l Internship Info Nite: this Tues., 7 pm, 
US8403Oa. (11/19) 
Attention: now is your chance to wttness the 
rebirth of a legendary organization. Yes, 
unbelievable as it may seem, 

Gcm~1ta is reorganizing. Be at 
RarlOOmHouse lou. ~ quarter past 
/11/15) 
Karen K: To a great AOII pledge, hope you 
~ a rosey weekend! Your Rose ~. 
(11/15) 
Happy Twentieth Baby Princess, Your~. 
(11/15) 
CARL y, Happy Birthday. Legal but still 
innocentl You're an awesome friendll.olle ya, 
Usa. (11/15) 
GammaOmegaDelta proudly arlnounces Its 
I\nrual 21-year Reunion. Olanpagne and 
popmm will be served in the bunUin. The . 
ftw, the proud ... the Gods. /11/15) 

Found-l male cat white with ~ & tan 
blotd'les, outside Central Ubrary on 11/7. 
Very triendo/. call 453-6787. (11/19) 
lost Nov. 13: /II. blue rhinestone bracelet Lost 
solTlelNtlere bet\Yeen MedIa Center CI'ld P&L 
Value is strict~ sentimental. Reward. call 
488-25721!'W!f11ngs. Ask for A..'Yle. (1I/19) 
lDst: Black ballet toe shoe, last week. Iffouncl 
please call 454-7375, after 6 pm. TtWlk you. 
111/15) 
lDst: Blue Gore-Telc raincoat (:ali Walter 
Heller, 452-3383. (11/15) 

~JHE WINTER QUARTER 1984 ~ OPEN TO ALL STUDENTS 
& b USP 105 (Urban Studies &: Planning 105) 

ENVIRONMENTAL/URBAN PLANNING PROBLEMS 
(THE U.S.-MEXICO BORDER) 

The U.s.- Mexico international boundry 
zone is the most urbanized border region 
in the world. This course examines this 
this dynamic meeting place of [wo cultures 
and considers some of the key problems 
facing its inhabitants. Discussion win 
include topics such as uansponation, land 
use , the environment, economic develop-
ment, city planning, Tijuana-San Diego. 

Instructor. Dr. Lany Hama, 
Urban Studies til Planning 

AN EXCELLENT COURSE FOR STUDENTS INTERESTED IN INTERNAnONAL 
RELA nONS, LA nN AMERICA, ENVIRONMENTAL SruDIES, CITY PlANNING, 

PUBUC ADMINISTRAnON. 



An Arts Magazine Serving the UCSD Community 

Vol. 7, No. 10 November 15. 19" 

? 
'~ 

UCSD's Newest Musician 
Calculating a musical future at the Center for Music Experiment 



Editor 
A NDREW KEELER 

Aslod ate Editor 
C HRIS YOU NG 

Contributina Editon 
ETHAN FEERST, JO AN 
FO RSBERG. RONA HU. 

JAMES RALPH PAPP 

Staff 
MIK E AHN. RODDY 
BOGAWA. AN DREA 

HARMO N. KRISTI N KALA. 
KAREN KELLEY, JEFF 

MUNIC. JO HN NEE. ART 
SALAZAR. CARL STATER. 

ROGER TEPHENSON 

Editorial 45 2·3466 
Advertil in& 452·3468 

Hiatus is publisht:d every 
Thursday of tho: acad<!mic year 
as a supplement to the UCSD 
GUARDIAN. Reprodu.:t.ion 
or us<! wi t hou t wri tt en 
permIssion of any portion of 
this magazine IS a no-no. Wc 
wdcomc unsolici rcd leners, 
manuscripts. anJ art work. but 
assume no responsibility tor 
the return of such. ScnJ 
information ro: 

HIATUS 
8-016, Lu jolla . CA. 92093 

Contents 
Cover: Our own little 
Center for Music Experiment 
has been making noise in the 
music world with the help of 
some new " instruments." See 
page 3. 

'Aloes' . ... . .. . • . . ... pase 4 
The UCSD Theatr e is 

presenting Athol Fugard's 'A 
Lesson from Aloes, ' a drama set 
in apartheid South Africa. 

Artiat Ituight . . . . .. .. page 5 
Cynthia Cebula 's color xerox 

collages bring religious images to 
the holy pages of Hiatus. 

BurritOi . . . . . . . . . . . . . pase 6 
Since our essay on Roberto's 

the mail has not stopped pouring 
in . This t im e will treat you to EI 
Indio Taco Shop in O ld Town. 

Bob'8 Book Report •.. page 2 
Movie Guide •.• page 4-
Going8 On • •• page 7 

Cover photo Iry Chris Young 

UCSD Chamber Music Series 
Tenth Anniv~ary Season 

MELDS QUARTET, STUITGART 
The Melos Quartet, 5wugan: was founded in Oc[Ober 1965. Two 
years later, the four members [Ook an anistic and financial risk, 
and gave up their positions with well-known German chamber 
orchestras, and devoted themselves full-time to the Quartet. 

The Melos will perform: 
Mendelssohn-Ban:holdy's Qualw in F minor, Opus 80 

Hindemith's Quartet No.2, Opus 16 
Beethoven'S Quartet lt1 F Major, Opus 135 

November 15, Thursday, 8:00 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 

G.A. $13.00, UC5D 5t. $5.50 
'fttMm\ON • (i) TEL£TFtON ' 

& UCSD Box Office: 452-4559 
,--_presented by UCSD University Events Office 
2 Hiahcl Nov. 15, 19~ 

Bob's Book Report 

By ART SALAZAR 
Presenting for the first time an easy-tojSwallow documentary of 

nuclear warfare's infantile stupidity is the photonovel by Kevin 
Rafferty, Jane Loader and Pierce Rafferty. 

Atomic is the end result of five years' research and reconstruction 
of an authentic account of our country's historic contribution that 
ended a live war and began a cold war. 

If Alfred Nobel could have seen this book before inventing 
dynamite, he would have burned its blueprints. Here is the story 
complete with visuals about America's bomb tests, the Hiroshima 
and Nagasaki devastations, the ridiculous "training" films, the 
cynicism of politicans, the commercial explOitation of everything 
"atomic" and the "commie" threat of the 4<>s and 50s. 

This is a valuable piece of non-fiction that can be read in one 
sitting. "It is an incisive, hilarious and shattering look at the attitudes 
that Civil Defense, military and political authorities would have the 
populace hold toward atomic warfare," says the author. 

The book is an asset to any collection and one which needs must 
be read again and again as a lesson in apathy. 

Evervone wants you 
to write for tHiatus' 

Your brother, your dog, your minister, your bar, 
tender, your stylist, your game show host and the 
professor and Maryann want you to write for the 
most exciting arts and entertainment section in this 
newspaper. Come by our plush towers or call 452, 
3466 and ask for Andrew Keeler or Chris Young. 

UCSD THEATRE Presents 

By Athol Fugard 

Directed by Arthur Wagner 

MANDEVILLE RECITAL HALL 

NOVEMBER 8-11, 15-18 
8 pm / 7 pm Sunday 

$4 / General / 452-4574 

~ Tickets at Mandell Weiss Center, 
llCSD University Events Box Office and Tick£tron. 

Visa and Mastercard accepted. 

·UCSD's Newest Musician 
By CHRIS YOUNG 

Rising from the laWOl of Warren 
campus, alongside the quonSet huts, 
the Center for Music Experimenta-
t ion looks like just another 
maintenance building. Within 
however, there is no grinding 
machinery making pipe fittings or 
laborers painting siKflS; inside the 
CME bUilding there are a group of 
researchers at the cutting edge of 
their doctrine, computer music. 

The Center was founded in 1972, 
primarily through the efforts of 
Roger Reynolds, a composer who is . 
still with the music department. The 
reason for wanting a center for music 
experimentation is the music 
department's committment to 
contemporary music . This 
progressive policy is a reflection of 
an overall university philosophy not 
to hire people who are the keepers of 
tradition, choosing instead those 
who are creating, constantly re-
defining the boundaries of their 
fields. 

A strong interest in computer 
music was fostered here after UCSD 
hosted the worldwide computer 
music conference in 1977. The 
faculty became enthusiastic and the 
desire to establish a strong center for 
computer music increased. 
Eventually Richard Moore was hired 
to be the director of CME and the 
principal administrator of the 
Computer Audio Research 
Laboratory project, the primary 
research project at CME. 

"Every culture that has ever 
existed on the planet has had two 
very important things; one is 
language and the other is music," 
says Moore, and much of the 
research concerning music has been 
an attempt to understand what the 
connection is between people and 
their music. "Music reflects 
somehow, it expresses, some 
function of mind that cannot be 
expressed with worda. If worda were 

erl<>Uih, there wouldn't be music." 
Moore believes that music is more 
stronjly connected to the emotions 
than language, that it allows an extra 
element of expression. 

CME is not attacking music on a 
cultural level however, but rather an 
acoustic one. They are trying to 
figure out the structures of sound 
and what it is about sounds that 
make them musical. The researchers 
are working with extremely technical 
equipment that allows them to 
capture music in a very precise way. 
This precision malces way for 
intensive study, breaking down the 
structure of sound into its smallest 
components, hopefully giving 
insight into what it is that makes one 
sound more appeiillng than another. 

Moore made the point that very 
tew people understand the role a 
computer can play in relation to 
music, stating that people tend to 
confuse computer music with 
electronic music or music made with 
an analog synthesizer. Computers 
have been applied to the analysis, the 
modification and the synthesis of 
both sounds and musical scores. -

The analysis of a scOl'e is the study 
of music on an organizational level. 
The computer begins with a score of 
music and tries to ftaure out the 
patterns that a compoeer has written, 
whether consciously or unconsc-
iously, into his 01' her music, giving 
the music its continuity. The 
patterns in the scOl'e are an identity 
tag put there by the composer. This 
statistical analysis has been used to 
test the vabdity of one of Mourt's 
wind serenades, lending strength to 
the long standing argument that one 
of them was not written by Mozart 
but by a very clever impersonator. 
The inauthentic serenade does not 
poeseas the same internal patterns as 
the rest of the other 11. 

One of the first applications of 
computers to music was in the 
synthesis of a SCOl'e, used as early as 

A Full Service Salon 
We would like to introduce to you our 
new and talented hair designer, 
Laurie 
Women $10, reg. $25 
Men $8, reg. $19 
For appointment. please call 457·2930. 
8950 Villa La lalla Dr., Suite 2120, Li Jolla 
(behind EI Tonto & Rodeo -directly across the ramp) 

the 1950.. Basically, the computer 
produces the score using data and a 
program that a programmer has 
written. It is important to realize that 
it is, as yet , impossible to simulate 
what goes on within the mind of a 
composer that allows him or her to 
create music. The computer itself is 
not capable of passion. Ultimately, 
the computer can do anything that 
we can explain. This being so, the 
computer serves to demonstrate 
how little we know about how our 
own mind works. When you get 
right down to it, Moore contends, 
.. All of the choices, all of the 
aesthetic choices, all of the 
passionate feelings, whatever exists 
in computer music is still the result 
of the choices made by the person in 
the writing of the program." 

Not only can the computer analyze 
a musical score but also the 
individual sounds that make up that 
musical score. The computer can 
deal only with numbers so each 
individual sound is broken down 
into patterns of numbers that 
represent the oscillations of the 
vibrations within a particular sound. 
The rule for converting sounds into 
numbers is that you have to use twice 
as many numbers per second as the 
highest audible frequency; thus since 
we can hear up to 20,000 hem, 
40,000 numbers must be used to 
represent one second of sound. Each 
individual number represents one 
4O,OOOth of a second. 

This fantastic precision is to music 
research what the invention of the 
microscope was to biology. An 
innumerable amount of doorways 
into the understanding of cause and 
effect within the structure of sound 
are opened by the microscope of 
sound. Numerical reproduction in 
this way is the basis of digital 
recording which is revolutionizing 
the business end of music 
reproduction. 

CME is using the accura<:y of 

"Every culture that 
has existed on the 
planet has had two 
very important 
things;' one is 
language and the 
other is music." 

- Richard Moore 

digital recording to try and duplicate 
the sound of the famed Stradivarius 
violins. Many people have spent the 
better part of their lives trying to 
recreate exactly the body of the 
violins that Stradivarius made, 
generally believed to be responsible 
for the absolute quality of their 
sound. Even his three sons who 
worked with him until he was 90 
have been unable to do so. 

CME has decided to approach the 
problem from a different angie, 
instead of trying to imitate the 
instrument they are trying to imitate 
the sounds it makes and they have 
created the electronic violin to do 
this. The electronic violin replaces 
the box of the Stradivarius with a 
bank of electronic circuits which can 
hopefully be finely adjusted enough 
to give the identical numerical 
patterns when played that a 
Stradivarius would if played in the 
same manner. 

It often takes many hours for the 
. computer to process what the 
programmer/ composer has entered 
in. However, one of the odd qualities 
of high technical equipment is that it 
is getting both better and cheaper. 
With the advanced speed and 
technical ability of upcoming 
equipment the possibility arises of 
connecting a keyboard directly to 
the terminal and performing 
computer music live. This is the 
cutting edge of computer music 
today, just now becoming both 
economically and technically 

. feasible. 
Right now it takes an 

institutionalized budget to work in 
computer music but CME is trying 
to change that. One of their main 
ongoing projects is to create a 
computer music workstation that 
would allow performance capability 
with real time response. They are 
hoping to do this within the price 
range of a quality grand piano. This 
would allow the seriously interested 
person the possibility to do 
computer music. 

CME is one of perhaps half a 
dozen major computer major centers 
in the world and this severely limits 
the expoeure available to the general 
public. Today UCSD students have 
the unique opportunity to see a 
computer music performance. Seven 
of CME's graduate students will be 
performing oriainal works beginning 
at 8 pm at the center. 

Having trouble with computer 
programming? • •. ProfeSSional 
tutqring available on an individual 
basis. All languages, reasonable rates, 
on site computer available. 

It----Foresight Software'-----tl 
Ash for Bill ~ 755-3562 

Nov. 1S, 1984 H...... 3 



.. HiGc:N.t 

Grammy winners 

LOS 
LOBOS 
and guests 
THE BEAT FAJtIIIIERS 

Saturday. November 17 9 pm 
~tertainer of the Year 

DIRK 
DE BONAIRE 

Sunday. November 18 
6·9 plD-BOOGJE BUIES HAPPY HOUR 

FIVE CARELESS LOVERS 
with th is week's special guest 

ROD PIAZZA 
9 :30 PIlI-One half of the famed 
Sonny (, Brownie duo , , . 

BROWNIE 
McGHEE 
r. THE ...... SCIIlVIYOU 
Note : We wi ll be clearing the house 
at 9 pm of those persons not 
holding tickets for Brownie ,Y,cGhee, 

8fownle fw'(:(ihee has wo~ in II lno With WClOdy Outhne. IiYed With Lrad~y, and appeared In The 
Jerk ....,th Steve Martin He has Influenced iJghlntn' Hopkms, John Lee Hooker. Bonnte Raitt.. Taj 

~h"land Bob Dylan .among others !Vter. 4O-yearP'lrtnershtp...,u, Sonny Tt!rry. BrOwn~IS setlJng 
df on h iS own..,th II brand ne ..... Mc:o.ee - Stlll traYdin . sllil m()Ytn', 511" walkln on and on ! 

Tuesday. November 20 9:30 pm 
Reggae Music 

FO·MO 

Wednesday. November 21 9 pm 

Rock (, Roll 
PRIVATE 
DOMAIN 

Thursday. Novernber22 
HAPPY TliANKSGIVING 

CLOSED 
Coming: Thursday. Ncwember 29 9 pm 

Tickets available at Belly Up Tavem (, TlCketmaster 

FREE AFJERftOON CONCERTS 
HAPPY HOUR PRICES 7 DAYS A WEEK TO 7 PM 

FridaY·, 5:30·8pm CHICAGO 6 DiXieland Jau-
Sunday. 5-9 pm 
Rhythm (, Blues- FIVE CARn .SS LOVERS with 

ROD PIAZZA 
• Wednesday. 6-9 pm (expanded to 9 pm) 

Te><as Honky·Tonk-THE JIMMY CRIB BAND 
THE BELLY UP CAFE-NOW OPEN 

Yes. we finally got our rellllurant reopened and under our management , . , 
great food .. ,check it out ! 

FORINFORNADONCALL481·9022 

Nov. 15, 1984 

U CSD gets a tLesson' 
froll1 South Africa 

By JOAN FORSBERG 
The racially segregated nation of 

South Africa today rests 
precariously on the edge of a civil 
war outbreak. The recent granting of 
higher legal status to Asians and 
"Coloreds," those of mixed white 
and African descent, has funher 
isolated and enraged the native black 
Africans. The threat of violent 
confrontation between the white 
ruling minority and the black 
majority of the population prevails 
over South Africa's people. 

A searing exploration of the 
ravaging effects of apartheid on 
innocent individuals is brought to 
life in the Drama Department's 
current production of South African 
playwright Athol Fugard's A Lesson 
From Aloes. 

Written by Fugard, a South 
African native, in 1978, A Lesson 
From Aloes is a riveting portrait of 
three individuals of different racial 
heritages, struggling to survive in the 
socially and psychologically 
repressive society of apartheid. 
Fugard draws an analogy between his 
characters and the tough, cactus-like 
aloe plant which po&SeSlleS the 
defenses to endure In the harshest, 
cruelest environment. 

Piet Bezuidenhout is a decent, 
thoughtful Afrikaner (a white with 
Dutch backiround), who becomes 
disillusioned with hia liberal politics 
and hia failure as a farmer, and he 
resorts to cultivating aloes. His 
English wife Gladys has recendy 
returned home from the hospital in 
which she was institutionali:red for a 
nervous breakdown following the 
confiscation of her personal diaries 
by the secret police. Their friend, 
Steve Daniels, a "Colored," is a 
former political activist who has just 
been released from prison and is 
preparing to leave South Africa on a 
one-way exit pennit. 

The action of the play focuses on 
the final meeting of these 
companions, during which the tragic 
revelations of their victimization by 
society explode. Plagued by 
accusations, fears and guilt, they 

must fight to overcome the engulfing 
forces of loneliness, exile and 
madness. 

Athol Fugar has become a leading 
international force in uncovering the 
truths of personal and political 
survival in an apartheid society. 
Drama .Professor Arthur Wagner, is 
pleased to bring this highly relevant 
play to the UCSD community. 
"South Africa is in the news every 
day now," states Wajpler. "The 
South African state is like a time 
bomb waiting to go off. I am 
interested in bringing to the 
attention of the community the 
nature of the situation in this society, 
and I believe that we as a people and 
as a government should do 
everything we can to alleviate this 
situation." 

This production, which features 
three of the third-year master of fine 
arts acting students, will run in 
Mandeville Recital Hall November 
15 through 18 at 8 pm with a 7 pm 
curtain on Sunday. 

* * * Another drama with political 
overtones is being presented thia 
weekend by the Drama Department. 
The ancient Greek dramatist 
Ariatophanes tackles the timeless 
question of the legitimacy of war in 
his rihal comedy L"ismua. Writing 
in the 5th century Be, Aristophanes 
proposes a IOlution to the actual, 
long and bloody war between 
Athens and Sparta. An early 
advocate of women's rights, 
Aristopahnes has the women of 
Athens lead the state to peace by 
seizing the treasury at Alcropolis and 
by denying all sexual favors to their ' 
husbands until the battles cease. 

This production of L,sistT4ra is 
being completely directed, designed 
and acted by undergraduate students 
through a grant from the President's 
Undersraduate Fellowship Council. 
L,sistTara will be performed in the 
UCSD Theater on Warren Campus 
November H-18 at 8 pm. 
Admission is free . For more 
information call 452-3793. 

I;===MOVIE GUIDE====~ 
Center em ..... 3 
1-8 at Stadium Way, Million Valley 
297-1888 

The Terminator, ]WlI me Way You Arc, 
No StnaU Affair (m", IlleS.), Bachelor 
Pan,/Rewnae of me Nertb (fwm Wed.) 
Cn_aU 
HoCId Circle, MiNion Valley It 1-8 
291-2121 
"'- in lhe HMft. 

Ci...--a 
S889 Univerlity Ave. 
583-6201 

Amadau 
aur-ont 
i 1 iO Oairrmont Meal. Blvd. 
27+-0901 

Indiana Jonn / Scar Trek III Bod, 
Dowble/Th~f of Hearts 
Coye 
7730 Girard Ave. 
i5~5404 

BitI(. Carmen 
F .. bion VaDey 4 
110 Fuhion Valley 
291-4404 

Gr.nbo Tallu, NilhtO/lheComtr, Miuing 
in Aaion, Oh God, You DftIil 
Fine AnI 
1818 Gamrt Avr. 
27+4000 

The God. MIUI Be Crao 
1beGuild 
3827 Fifth Ave. 
29S-2000 

Repo Man 

La Jou. Vl1Iap 4 
8879 Villa La Jolla Dr. 
453-7831 

No s-u Affair (Ihrw Tues.), Jkwn,eof 
me Nerds/&dIeIor Pare, ({rom Wed.) 
a.- Me,]"" the Way YON AJr, Garbo 
Talk. 
Lome 
3150 RoIecrana 
224-33++ 

A Soldier'. Scur, 
SporuAnna6 
3l5O Spona Arena Blvd. 
223-5333 

TNe( of HeartJ/Tke &tor', EdIC, 
GIIosrbWItm, Km~Kid, Body~, FiT. 
Born, No Small Af/ajr, Indiana ]ana/Star 
Trek Ill , 011 God, You DftIil 
United AnD .. GI_lMNee 6 
Glauhouar Squarr 
223-2546 

MiSJifll in Action, "II of Me Niliu of rile 
Comer, Nightmare on Elm St ., Garbo Talks, 
]WIIIIe Way Yow Are, The Terminaror 
Unlyenity Towne Center 6 
4525 La Jolla Vln. Dr. 
452-7766 

Mwinl in Aaion, Tke TennilWKOl', Urde 
DNmmer Girl, Nil'" of lhe Comer, on Chi, 
You Dml, AINIdev.J 
Valley Qrde Million Valley Center 
Wac 
297-3931 

OIMntry 

EA 
DISORDERS 
_ .. CAN BE FATAL 
_ .. CAN BE TREA TED 
The Eating Disorders Program at 
Alvarado Parkway Institute is the 
oldest and most experienced 
program for the treatment of 
Anorexia Nervosa and Bulimia 
in San Diego County. 

• Specialized In-
Hospital Unit 

• Evening Treatment Program 
• Individual Nutritional 

Counseling 
• Family Intervention Assistance 

~ALVARADO PARKWAY INSTITUTE ,11') 485·4411 
7050 Parkway Drive, La Mesa, Calif. 92041 

• t. eo • 
., J, I • 

PEND SUMMER., '85 
CWASHINGTON,91C. 

·Intern positions available with the Washington Post , the 
White House, Congress, plus many other organizations 
and businesses! 
·Placement available also throughout greater California 
and the U.S. ASIO Presents 

NATIONAL INTERNSHIP INFO NITE 
Tuesda , 11/20 at 7 m: USB 4030A 

Nov. lS, 19M Hiaau S 



The Eatbeat 

Burrito equality 
such as Roberto's. Although EI 
Indio is no longer a tortilla factory. it 
still holds onto tradition by selling 
them in packages to take home. They 
also sell salsa, ' masa (corn dough), 
corn husks and cold meat items such 
as choriso and carne asada. By JEFF MUNIC They have ' chiles rellenos, 
chimichangas, tamales, and deep 
fried quesadillas called crispies that 
are extremely greasy but good. They 
also have desserts such as bunuelos, 
flan and churros. The food, as a 
whole, isn't much better than 
Roberto's, but the ancestral feeling 
of knowing that this is where it all 
started makes it all worthwhile. 

Since my article on Roberto's, I 
have been bombarded with 
comments laden with so much 
emotion that I sometimes feared for 
my physical well,being. One person 
would not leave me alone until I 
conceded that carne asada burritos 
were better than chicken burritos. 
Another felt that an insult to her 
neighborhood Roberto'S was an 
insult to her entire livelihood. 

I had not expected to see such 
fe rverent behavior over a fast food 
chain, but realized that this was 
probably due to the fact that 
Roberto's represents a new concept 
that has be e n engulfed so 
enthusiastically that it has brought 
about feelings of undying loyalty. 

like most new concepts, 
Roberto's exists as an intermediate 
between two successful extremes. It 
is not a true fast·food restaurant like 
Taco Bell, and it is not an expensive 
sit,down restaurant either. It is a sort 
of Mexican deli that combines the 
best of both extremes. Knowing that 
new concepts do not just appear as 
franchises , I set out to find the 
original prototype on which the 
Roberto'S concept is based. 

I searched far and wide in the San 
Diego area until I came across EI 
Indio Taco Shop near the airport. El 
Indio (3695 India Street) was 
established in 1940 as a tortilla 
factory and has evolved into the 
template for the new Mexican delis 

El Indio's clientele is much 
different than Roberto's. There is 
always a line of smartly dressed 
business people who seem to 
consider themselves regulars 
whether they are or not. I am sure 
these people are just as fervent about 
Ellndio as UCSD students are about 
Robertos. 

One thing that bothered me about · 

WIN A MUSTANG COBRA 

1 
--

CO TY 

....... ruor 

6 HiclCWI Nov. 15, 1984 

USED IN THE FILM "STARMAN" 

hnd $O·'1l ... ~AA" ............ 
'0 ao.:l11& 
( __ tgtl, tl " 204 

.to 

tlULU ""O RI.OULATIor. 
~'lIfdIeM "'""""" 

1 1,llllllll"'Ut, •• IICe'fttMI.,,,,., ~~ 
, ' 111""" ".,.,.....:1 ~1.nct",,*11O ,TA,AMAH S_p'ltlw. 

'0 leu)1'5 E"_ICJ1t lL to104, no Ie,,, 'hin 1712t1 ... 
1 0._",,, wood...,.." pt'oh.boled by ' .... 
.. Won,.,., II f etCl()fttibl. lor .11 '_' • • It,tt...d Ioc .. "~.I 
& Wll'lntr Mil t. df_ '". rtftdomdr_.nt.J_ .. ., It . , .... ThoeN will III,.. 

wo.t'!WIIOft 0' ...... 
• TIM .-.011 .... " "OOII\"IIO~llludtnl.oll"'C6I"" In ",flim 1M IWMOItillit 

'1'''" E"'IMo",", of CoI\lIftbI. '''1\1'" 1""""'1", Coc.t-CN. CAlI Cotnmwnl 
l;llIJOI'I , Inc , their 19MC'" end 1,..11 'MftI' .. If' nol ~ ... .,.. 

7 Won,.,.. _II be ' ... " .... 10 .UC\lr. .... .tl.dtIt., 0' -'1",",,1't 
II '1'01.1 UtI obt .. " " ' _ Of _"ne t '.om C,,",SCotnrolun'C81'onl , "33 C ....... , 

h.ftUGII . ILI!I02OI . by_,"~~, InC"""t'''''...tdr.,tId tI"""'Il"fd 

--

EI Indio is that it is located in a 
prominently Mexican neighbor, 
hood, but I did not see one customer 
there of Mexican origin. The only 
Mexicans there were the service 
people, who even translated the 
orders for the cooks (but more 
probably for the authenticity 
factor) . I then remembered a 
conversation I had with a friend of 
mine from Chula Vista. I had been 
telling her about how much I liked 
Roberto's and how I eat there all the 
time. She told me that Roberto's was 
"white,people" food and that it was 
nowhere near the quality of her 
grandmother's cooking. She became 
as fierce in her condemnation of 
Roberto's as I was exuberent in my 
exultations. That was the last I saw of 
this particular friend of mine. 

Oh, wouldn't the world be a 
glorious place if people could just 
learn to look beyond their 
ethnocentristic prejudices and learn 
to accept their neighbors no matter 
what kind of burritos they like? 

,----- WTIliTHISAD -----ZI I 

I 
I 

JNa S'oourl JJ.I/air ~ 
. I 

, frozen . I 
yogurt creations I 

I 
--FREE I 
Cnmchy Topptna with I 
purchIIH of small or I 

... lIB frozen '{OIfBt : 

_ WE ALSO HONOR All _ 
YOGURT PARLOR COUPONS 

I I 
I 
I 
I 
I I 1030 To" ey PInes Rd 1774 Gamet Ave. I 

I at Herschel Paolic Beach I 
I La jolla ExpirtS J 1120184 I 
!. - - - -ONE PER CUSTOMER •••• 1 

~,. 
DESIGNS 

PERMS HAIRCUTS 
. 

$1996 $696 
. INCL..UDES SHAMPOO & 

CONDmONER ONLY 

OPEN SUNDAYS 
UNIVERSITY TOWNE CENTEII 

W ... 

. - , . 

PREMRATlON FOR: 

GMAT-LSAT-GRE 
bl DIego CaTer 
2180Gomel D • 

R:clft: Bea::h. CA 92109 
(619)27(}'6810 

M.L. ~1Iy. ,t(tnhlsl'lator 
Cl.A$ES QII~ 

1 • 
~ .... __ s.Ot! H _E-"c..l" 

__ Goings on ~. ~ -~ __ -
For an evening out of the 

ordinary, give Scottish 
Country I).neina a try. Every 
Frida y at 7:30 pm St. James Hall 
in La Jolla spolllOrs this unique 
and exciting pastime. "5"·5191. 

* * * 
Wednesdays, the Balboa 

Park Oub delves into various 
folic dances from around the 
world. Throw your cares to the 
winds and put your dancin 'shoes 
on. 583,25 .. 1. 

* * * 
The San Dlea<> Area Dance 

Alliance presents its fourth 
annual Danc:e Feltival. Friday 
the pnJKl'am will feature luch 
talents as Three's Co. and 
Dancers, the National Ballet and 
Misha Morawski. Saturday Jazz 
Unlimited, the California Ballet, 
George Willis and many others 
will purvey their vast talents for 
the dance l1Ourmand. Tickets for 
each performance are $7 and 
$10. The program will beheld at 
the East County Performing Arts 
Center . 295·9074. 

* * * 
This weekend brings San 

Diego a unique chance to 
examine its psychic abilities at 
the ESP Psvchic Fair. The fair 
will be held at the Magick 
Bookstore and is guaranteed fun 
for the entire family. 477·5260. 

* * * 
A Leeson From. Aloea, Athol 

Fugard's searing portrayal of 
apartheid, runs through Sunday 
in the Mandeville Recital Hall. 
The production is set in Port 
Elizabeth, South Africa, in 1963. 
452-4574. 

* * * 

For the country music 
afflcionado, those lood 01' boys 
Alabama will perform tonisht, 
Thursday, at the Del Mar 
Fairground. at 7:30 pm. Tickets 
are available from Tlcketron, 
T eleseat and Ane western retail 
outlets throughout ~e greater 
San Diego area. 

* * * The Bell Up Tavern, in its 
infinite hipnea, presents Slash 
recording areiata Los Lobos 
tonisht with ,local C&. W faves 
the Beat Fumen. It Is no small 

fact that Los Lobos snatched up a 
grammy this past year and are 
headed down the road to even 
more fame and fortune. 481, 
9022. 

* * * 
Yet another aU-girl band is on 

the rise from the LA music scene. 
The Pandoral played here at 
UCSD last year to an 
enthusiastic yet unimpressive (in 
actual numbers) crowd In the 
Rec Gym. Since that time, the 
group was signed to Bomp-V ox 
records and promptly spli~ into 

Check it out 

Cows and paint! Cows 
milling about in a herd. Cows grazing on a hillside. Thick 
paint. Deep blues and black and burgundy swirled into the 
dark hide of an Angus. Light, whites and creams and pale 
blues forming a tangible sky, a thickly lined atmosphere to 
stand or graze within. 

The content in Theodore Waddell's paintings in very 
much the paint and the color, but it is the combination of 
these with the elegant simplicity of the subject rna tter that 
creates his strong, explosive images. Waddell's large oil 
paintings are currendy on display in the Mandeville 
gallery, where they will remain until December 9. The 
gallery is open 12 pm to 5 pm, Tuesday through Sunday. 

FRONTIERS OF SCIENCE 
for Winter Quarter 

F.S, 108 - Biochemical Anthropology -
Molecular Individuality 

Professor Nathan Kaplan - TTh 8:30 - 9:50 
HL 0236 

two bands, each going by the 
name the Pandoras. If given the 
chance, the avid concert-goer 
should try to see both bands in 
order to see which deserves to 
keep the name. One of them will 
play at the Spirit Saturday with 
the current San Dleso rave The 
Telltale Meara. 276--3993. 

* * * Johnny Lydon, formerly J. 
Rotten of the Sex Piatols, was 
quoted as saying, "We just 
couldn't go on the way we were." 
Perhaps this was true. There are 
marked differences between the 
Sex Pistols and his new group 
Public Imaae Umited. The 
only question which should be 
asked about PIL's upcoming 
show is why it is being staged at 
the California Theater 
downtown? At any rate, PlL and 
Kommunity FK will play with 
each other Saturday at 8 pm. 
565,9947. 

* * * The Ramonel have not 
played in San Diego since their 
appearance at the ill-fated, 
poorly planned X,fest with Tom 
Petty. Many will remember the 
Ramones as the band that starred 
in Roger Corman's B (or even C) 
budget film Rock and RoLL High 
School. ' For the ardent Ramones 
fans, there will be a long awaited 
return of the band Sunday at 
Montezuma Hall at SDSU. 265· 
6947. 

* * * In celebration of the Rodeo's 
final week of being a "night 
club," the Pllrruoula will usher 
in the venues final mile. Never 
getring over the image of "every 
boy's a cowboy at heart," the 

Rodeo might do better in the 
future as a paella stand. "57· 
5590. 

* * * Mesa College Theater presents 
Arthur Miller's The American 
Clock throUih this weekend at 
the Appoliad Theater at Mesa 
College. This production of The 
American Clock is the San Diego 
premiere of Miller's views on 
America in the throes of the 
Depression. 230-6744. 

* * * 
The San Diego Gilbert and 

Sullivan Company opens its 
1984/85 season with HMS 
Pinafore, the delightful , 
sophisticatedly simple operatta 
by those crazy nineteenth 
century guys O&'S. HMS 

PinafoTt~ will run through 
November 25 at the Casa Del 
Prado Theater in Balboa Park. 

* * * John Muir has a lot of 
namesakes in the San Diego area. 
It is thus appropriate that the San 
Diego Chapter of the Sierra Club 
i~ presenting Lee StetsOn's An 
Eveninl with John Muir at 8 
pm Friday and Saturday in the 
Marston Junior High School 
Auditorium. Find out why Muir 
College is called Muir College. 
233·7143. 

If you would like an 
etlent included in Goings 
On please send it to 8--016, 
UCSD, La Jolla, 92093 ar 
call 452'3466 . The 
deadline far listings is 
Monday at noon. 

Examples will be given on how the new biological 
techniques have allowed for the tracing of migrations 
of human populations as well as showing genetic 
relationship between different groups of people. The 
origin, distribution and significance of genetic 
disorders (Sickle Cell Anemia. Tay Sachs) will be discussed. 
The relationship of genetic composition on the cultural and 
nutritional characteristics of different societies will be 
discussed. Finally, concepts relating to the factors 
controlling human evolution will be presented. 

~~~ SUNGLASSES 
Prerequisites: Introductory Biology or Introductory 

Biochemistry, or completion of the Revelle General 
Education requirements in Natural Science or the 
equivalent. 

F.S. 135 - Catastrophe in Geology 
Professor Wolfgang Berger - TTh 2:30 - 3:50 

EXT 141 
Recent developments in stratigraphy, especially in the 

deep sea, have led to a new appreciation of the notion of . 
periods of rapid change in geologic history, including 
catastrophes caused by meteor impact (dinosaur 
extinctions). We propose to trace the notion of 
catastrophism in geologic thought from the nineteenth 
century to the present revival. 

Prerequisites: Completion of Revelle lower division 
Natural Science requirement or equivalent. 

-----------------------------------

30% Off 
(Suggested RetcH) 

Reg. $50 Now $35 
-Aerodynamic Delign -Impact ResIstance 

-Scratch Resistance eUght Weight 
L _______ WIth coupon. good through 11/18/84. -------

Don't.pay too much for sunglasses: 
We'llt got Ute lowest prices ,nd best ~ection {rom '2.99-$1.9.~ 

VuameL Glre",. IWy Ban. Style Eyes. Suncloud. Ifobit. /Jucci. BoIlt:. Ce~. etc ... 

--Paape E~£7l--
~ ~n 7 rUys and nights 

Old TOUIrt 1461 San Diego Ave. (Next to Old TOUin Jlfexican Cite) 692-0059 
fnclrtlta 745 first SL (wmbe~rd Shopping Center) 9U·OJJ7 
lAI .10," IOJO 10rrey Pines Rd. (Next to Yogurt A/f.ir) .54-8006 

CIaI,..~ "'UN 467j CWlemant Drlue 272 .... 
Nov. IS, 1984 Hic&CWI 7 



8 Hwe... Nov. 1S, 1984 


