
• In ... 
- II 

In ... 
• In ... 

111111 



The Student Center Board's prize 
draWing for those who filled out the 
University Center questionnaire will be 
held Friday, January 13, at 4:30 during 
the TGIF, Prizes include a $200 travel 
certificate. If you have not completed 
the questionnaire , which qualifies you 
for the drawing, you may do so at 
EDNA 

• Senate Rules Chairman David Roberti 
announced today that February 1 is the 
deadline for applications to the 1984-85 
California enate Fellowship Program. 
The nine-month program begins in 
Sacramento the firsl week of November 
1984. Fellows are aSSigned to the 
personal or committee stalts of Senate 
members. 

• America's leading editors and authors 
of romance fiction wiD be the faculty of 
the econd Annual UCSD Extension 
Romance Writers Conference, February 
\0-12 at the La Jolla Village Inn. 
Conference topiCS include reseJrch 
procedures, the logic of plot and 
structure, characterizations, and exciting 
love scenes that aren't obscene. 

• 
An Industry/ UCSD Faculty 

ColloqUium on "Communi ations and 
Signal Processing" will be held Thursday, 
January S, from 8:45 am till 5 pm in 
Room 2622 , Undergraduate Science 
Building, Revelle Campus. 
Communications and signal processing 
is one of the most prominent of the 
high technologies m the San Diego area 
and IS the focus of much research at 
UC D. 

• 
ApphcJtions for the the 1984 Pulliam 

Journalism Fellowships are now avallble 
for those graduating students seeking 
one of the ten intern positions on The 
Indianapohs Star, The Indianapolis News, 
The Ari;z:ona Republic, or The Phoenix 
Gazette. The $2,340 fellowships are for 

1968 ... 
While Berkeley celebrates its 100th 

anniversary this year, UCSD wiD have its 
own celebration as the University 
Library begins to take physical shape 
north of Revelle and Muir Colleges. "By 
the end of 1968," Lieutenant General A 
L. Browser said , "the combined libmries 
on the UCSD campus will contain at 
least half a million volumes. The total 
number of volumes to be available at the 
Central Library is expected to be 3 
million." 
1969 ... 

A new development in Ihe gloomy 
financi.ll st.uus of the ASUCSD was 
presented ,l[ last night's council meeting. 
Funds from the vending malchines .lre 
now avalbble for AS usc , The AS is ,llso 
considering imposing .\ $10 student 
center tax 10 help remedy their finanCial 
problems. 
1971... 

Dr. Arthur M. Jensen, author of 'Twin 
Differences and Subpopul,ltion 
Differences in Mental Abiliry ," was 
forced to postpone a lecture at the Salk 
Institute Thursday when a group of 
UCSD students clapped loudly and 
rhythmically so that the UCB professor 
of education was un.lble to speak. 
1972 .. , 

Nobel laure.)te Hannes A1fven was 
notified Tuesday that he has been 

. granted the highest award of the Soviet 
Academy of Sciences for 1971 . The 
award was granted for "outstanding 
achievements in plasma physics and 

work and study as reporters, copy 
editors, or phmographers. 

• The Los Angeles Olympic Organizing 
Commiuee is looking for 900 "players" 
to fill middle management positions as 
computer experts, event coordinator, 
open:ltions managers, and secretartal 
help. Applications in the form of a cover 
letter and resume must be sent directly 
to the Olympic Organizing Committee, 
Human Resources Department, Los 
Angeles, CA 90084. 

• The Intercollegiate and Recreation 
Departments have moved most of their 
ofTices to ARC, the new Athletic and 
Recreation Center, located adjacent to 
the new pool. The basketbaJl, soccer, 
rugby, fencing, and badminton coaches 
will remain in the main gym. ARC will 
house the administrative Intercollegiate 
ofTices as well as offices of coaches 
whose SPOrtS relate to the new pool 
complex. 

• 
If you have trouble hanging on to 

those New Year's resolutions, take heart. 
Help is on the way. On Saturday, 
JJnuJry 21 , UCSD Medical Center will 
present a one day workshop open to 
the public on "Resolulions '84: Making 
Changes Successfully." For $SO for 
couples or $30 per person the workshop 
will help you understand your 
motivation for change and resistance to 
change. 

• 
A special toll-free telephone 

information hotline for former prisoners 
of war hJS been inaugurated by the 
Veterans Admintstration . The 24 hour, 
toll-free number, 1-800-821-8139, is 
available to over 93 ,000 ex-POWs 
nationwide, The hotl~ne allows ex-
POWs to inform the VA if they feel 
Iheir treatment is not consistent with 
the intent of the Prisoners of War 
Health Care Benefits Act of 1981. 

astrophysics." Dr. Alfven, a professor of 
applied physics at UCSD, has been 
involved in this field for 30 years and is 
currently studying how plasma reacts in 
space. 
1973 .. , 

Over the Christmas break, UCSD 
received 33 letters of proteSl from East 
German high school students protesting 
the latest series of American bombings 
in North Vietnam. One of the letters 
proclaimed, "I caU upon all freedom-
loving people to energetically work for 
the withdrJwal of all US forces in Indo-
ChIna and an end to this dirty war." 
1976, .. 

Under ,1 new law, which went into 
eflect New Ye.u's Day, posession of an 
oun e or less of m.lriJu,ma will no longer 
be cons Idcred a felony. Sgt. Bill Mot! of 
the UCSD police said, "The new 1,lw will 
nOI ch.mge our work .11 ,Ill. We were 
never se,lrching for marijuana users." 
Only US serviwnen will still be 
considered felons if they Me discovered 
possessi ng m,lriju,ln.l. 

1978 ... 
UCSD's Bolton Colbum recently won 

the American Surfing Association's AIl-
American nJtional championship . 
Colburn, .In art hiStory criticism mdjor 
at Muir, will graduate thiS June ,md then 
"tum pro and travel. I won't make much 
money, but I'll get to travel," 
1980 .. , 

Scientists from the People's Republic 
01 China, here 1,lst month and now 

The following is a Statement of the President's Address delivered to the UCSD 
student communiry from AS Council President Craig Lee: 
PAST PROGRESS 

January. A new quarter. New classes, new schedules, and new professors. 
While each of us is busy preparing for the upcoming quarter, let us take a look 
at what was accomplished last quarter. 

The AS Council underwent a major reorganization of the UCSD Student Lobby 
Annex. The Lobby Annex works in the state capital voicing student opinion on 
issues such as fees, UC policy, and other student-related issues. 

For the first time in the history of UCSD the AS Council embarked on a 
project designed to make money for UCSD students. The effort produced the 
UCSD Calendar which features UCSD students exclUSively. 

After extensive -research and debate, the AS Council rescinded the three-year 
boycott on Coors products. The new policy encourages students to make their 
own choices. 

In order to handle our annual 5250,000 budget more effectively, the AS council 
created an ex oficio position of controller, The controller will oversee the budget 
and make financial recommendations to the Council. 

The AS sponsored numerous programming events during the faU quarte~, . 
including seven successful TGIF celebrations and a speech by former preSIdential 
candidate John Anderson. 
NEW DIRECTIONS 

Each quarter the 58 you pay in Campus Activity Fees ~s to the AS Council. 
These fees comprise our $250,000 yearly budget And whIle you pay us, we 
spend it. , . ., 

But this year, instead of spending our enure budget, we are mvestlng some of 
our money. 

We invested a portion of our budget in the UCSD Calendar. All profits from 
sales at the bookstore will go directly to the AS. Furthermore , we are laying the 
foundation this year for the calendars for next year, If successful, this should 
prOVide the AS with a steady source of income year after year. . 

We are also looking at other ways to make money. One proposal IS to use 
some of our capital to buy refrigerators which will be leased to on-campus 
students, 

Why should the AS be interested in making money? With more money we can 
provide more services and activities, and with this extra income we become less 
dependent upon you, the stUdent, for financial support. 

AS Councils at other schools have had profitable businesses for years. The UC 
Berkeley AS is worth 510 million dollars alone. 

We would like to set a new precedent this year, a precedent of building for 
the future. We are fairly small right now in comparison to other UC student 
governments. But like the UCSD campus, ASUCSD is stiD growing 
NEW CONSTITIITlON 

The current ASUCSD Constitution is obsolete. It was written in 1977 when 
UCSD was half its current size. Furthermore, it doesn't take into consideration 
the new programs and policies developed at UCSD. What our student 
government needs is a new constitution. .., . . 

My main priority this quarter as AS preSident IS develo'pmg a new consututlon 
which will accomodate the future needs of the 6S Counc". 

Why is a constitution so important? Our constitution is our law. It guides the . 
structure and policies of the AS. . . 

un several occasions during the past years, well-intentioned programs were 
cancelled because they conRicted with some part of the Constitution. 

A new comminee for developing a new constitution has openings for students. 
The committee wUl examine the current structure of the AS, determine a new 
structure which is better able to accomodate future AS Councils, and incorporate 
this structure into a new constitution. 

scheduled for a January 16 visit, are 
considering "",kIng UCSD one of the 
nation 's le .. ding schools for their 
students. 
1981... 

Business opportUnities In sp.lCe will 
be the topic of a new UCSD extension 
program this winter tilled "Space 
InduSlriJliz.1tion." David Criswell , PhD, a 

reseJrch scientist at UCSD's California 
Space Institute, believes there is a 
growing imerest among those in the 
aerospdce Industry, in the materials 
industry, and in the space sciences, in 
developing long term operating 
capJbilities in space using local 
resources. 

- Chrisropher Canole 

January 12, 198i 3 
'\/\\" , 

• ~ '''''. v~ , • • • ~. ''-:. • '. .... 

New pier on 
Scripps horizon 
By PHIL WILLON 

A new pier may be In store for the 
SCriPPS Institution of Oce,.iOography, the 
direct result of Governor Deukmejian's 
new budget plan. The 30% in rease in 
funds for the UC campuses includes 
monies for the new pier as well as .I sea 
wall. 

DUring the severe slonns that hit San 
Diego laSl winter, the 70 year old pier 
sustained extensive d.lmage ,lOd had to 
be temporarily repaired al a COSt of 
$60,000. The Slructure , which hJS 
become somewhat of .I landmark, is not 
expected to last more than three years 
in this crippled condition. 

"We're delighted that the funding has 
been proVIded," said Tom Collins, 
AsSIstant Director for AdminlstrJuon 
Jnd Fin,mce, -It's just in a nick of tllne ," 
If stme funds were not provided, it 
would be doubtful if a new pier would 
be built. 

A preliminary design for the new $3 
million pier will begin in July if the 
current budget proposals are passed in 
the legislature. Construction is 
scheduled to begin in November of 
1985. 

No linal decisions have been made 
on the location of this new structure , 
but It is hkely Ihal It Will be the same as 
the present one. -Our obJecnve is 10 
bJsiCillly replace whal we have now but 
with some modem construction 
techniques," Collins added. 

Plans for the pier show Ihat It will be 

WHERE: 
Third College 

• La Caso 
• Munch Box 

WHEN: 
Tuesday 
January 17th 

TIME: 
10:00-11:30 

1:00-2:30 

approximately 50 feet longer (IOSO feet) 
anel five feet wider th,1n the old one. It 
will .lIsa be beuer eqUipped to pump 
seawaler throughout the Scnpps f,lciIi ty; 
this water system is the life blood of the 
major rese,lrch projects as well .IS of the 
National Marine Fisheries Service and 
the public ,lquarium. 

Currently, the mullifuncuonal pier 
serves as a collection site for clean 
seawaler, marine daw and live 
specimens and mcludes a laboralory 
,md small boat launching platform. 

In addition , for Ihe past 17 years the 
pier has been involved in the collection 
of air samples for a major carbon 
dioxide research project being 
conducted in th e institution's studies on 
atmospheric pressure, in relation to the 
greenhouse effect 

All of the proJccts will be carefully 
transferred to the new pier wilh its 
improved facilities, as soon as it is built 

The proposed budget also includes 
funds for the construction of the sea 
wall to prOlect Scripps from the 
poundmg surf. Erosion has become 
such a problem thaI the Institute of 
Geogmphics and PI,metary Physics 
building is in danger of sliding. Collins 
commented," lf that erosion continues, 
we could lose the end of (he building." 

The .. ddilional wall \vas initially 
supposed 10 be built two ye,1r5 ago, but 
due to budgetary problems the funds for 
it were frozen. 

rt, 

-Recycle the Guar~ian- , 
Recycling bins located by the Guard(Qn office, ThIrd 

Parking /OL , Mandeville Parking Lot and under HL Library. 

Governor approves 
generous UC budget 

UC an Diego Ch.mcellor Richard 
C. Atkinson has c,llied Governor 
Deukmejian 's 1984-85 budget "a ve ry 
encouraging sign for the Universlry of 
California," 

-It comes at .I critical time in the 
development of the San Diego campus. 
It adresses our highest budget 
priorities: competitive faculty salJries 
and new instructional and research 
facilities. The governor's budget will 
enable us to put longstandmg plans 
into effect and 10 better serve the 
needs of the San Diego community." 

The Governor's Budget, rele~sed 
Tuesday in Sacmmemo, provides 
$1 ,447 million from .III state sources 
for Umverslty operalions, an mcrease 
of more than $241 million or 20%, 
including proposed salary range 
adjustments for UC staff and faculry . 

Universiry of Californta PreSIdent 
DaVid P. G,lrdner IOday charactenzed 
Governor DeukmeJian's 1984-85 
proposed budget for UC as "the most 
positive and encouraging evidence of 
Slate support received by the 
Univers ity 10 neJriy two dec,ldes." 

-If approved by Ihe Legislature," says 
President Gardner, "the Governor's 
Budget will be a major turning pomt In 
the University's histOry. The budget 
does more than just hold the line; it 
reverses the long period of 
deterior.Hion that we have been 
experien ing." 

"The faculty .salary recommendations 
in the Governor's Budget improve the 
University's competilive position In the 

academic marketplace ," according 10 
Gardner. For University staff 
employees, the Governor's Budget 
provides a sabry and benefit increase 
of up to 10%, the same increase that 
state employees are JlIocated. For 
employees in exclusive bargaining 
units - both staff and academic -
s.llary and benefit adjustments will be 
subject to collective bargaining. 

The proposed budget containS $36.8 
million In program Improvements In 
"a reas of the University'S greatest need, 
instructional equipment and 
compulers, funding for research, 
affirm,Hive action and special help 
with maiiuenance of the University'S 
phYSical plant," according to William 
B. Baker, UC Vice President for Budget 
and Unlversiry Relations. Program 
improvements include more than $12 
million in funds for instructional 
equipment replacement. 

/\s another component of progrJm 
improvements, Governor Deukmejian 
is proposing $7 million in state 
SUPPO" for student financlJI aid and 
affirmalive action programs currently 
funded by student educational fees 

In addition to the $241 million for 
University operations, Ihe Governor's 
Budget also provides $155.8 million 10 
SUPPO" the University capital building 
program, including $42.4 million to be 
milde available in 1983-84. 'There has 
been insufficiem state SUPPO" for the 
University c.ll)ital needs for m,my 
years," according to Baker, noting last 
year's capital budget of $7 million. 

New Cam 
When 

In Quonset 324 Warren (on Russell Drive, 
east of the Warren Provost office), 

Whea 
The first working day of each week, 
between 11 :30 am and 3:00 pm. 

"'eIy 
The following day in the Bookstore, 

at the Information window, 

..... 
White winter quarter registration receipt 

card stamped by the Cashier, 

Lolt or Stolen Cards 
Call extension 6840 

before you pay for a replacement. 

To obtain your current-quarter validation 
sticker, you must first have the Cashier's 

office stamp your white registration 
receipt caret 

J .... .., 11 . tIIdII Iarther DOdce 
11:30 am - 3:30 pm on the first working day of 

the week at Quonset 324, Warren campus. 



Calumnist 

Dredging up an old issue: 
MEChA on the Review 
By JAMES RALPH PAPP 

MEChA has Issued a statement, primed in the Guardian last 
Monday, which takes issue with the actions of the AS. MEChA used 
this communIque to dredge up the California Review funding 
controversy, an embarrossing issue in the history of UCSD that 
should better have been left undredged. BU!, since it has been 
exposed to the sun, let us try to discover whether the stench is 
caused by the Review's defender or detractors. 

MEChA says [hat the Issue of freedom of the press is not valid . 
That is certainly a familiar argument among .Ill public or private 
organizations interested III censorship. However, one should deal 
with speCifics rather than generolizations, a rule the Review's enemies 
should have remembered. 

MEChA was not opposed to the magazine's presence on campus, it 
was merely opposed to it receivi ng funds from the AS. Such funding 
from the AS is available to any studem publications of whatever 
political or moral bent. The distinction is rather 100 academic to be 
laken senously. Generally, the only way student publications are able 
to publish theIr optnions IS with some fundtng. To refuse that 
prIvilege to a partIcular opinion is as close to limiting freedom of the 
press as it IS poSSIble to get III America. 

The reasons MEChA gives for its right to abuse the Califonlla 
Re\,lew's freedom of expressIon IS that the ReVIew promotes 
"derogatory slereotypes under the guise of conservatism." However, 
MEChA's words about the RCVlcw's "slJnderous content and racial 
slurs" could be construed as contrIbuting 10 a stereotype of wnters for 
that paper. MEChA Jiso calls "the right to publish the right" an effort 
to make "racist, ehtlst and sexIst Ideology ... an alternative view." That 
appears to be stereotyplllg all conservatives. Perhaps it IS aU nght to 
deragatorily stereotype conservatives and not anyone else. 

Of course any view, however reprehensible, is an "alternative" view 
The decision to consider the California Review's outlook reprehenSible 
is the mysterious point. [t is mysteriOUS because MEChA declines to 
be specific. [ cannot recall any slurs or slanderous content in my 
reading of the Review. ) would be inten"5ted in having some brought 
to my anention . 

Perhaps MEChA IS referring to last year's article on rape, which 
was read and reacted to naively. When the Review explained that the 
article was attempting a Swiftian style, the accusations that the story 
was immoral and sexist were changed to inconsiderate and in bad 
taste. 

In writing this editorial) can be accused, although not very 
effectively, of bias since ) have written for the California Review. The 
piece was aboul a professor and the story seems to have had less to 
do with conservatism [han expedIency. 

The Review is UCSD's only frequently occuring medium for full-
length essays and , at least In that respect , is valuable. However, it is 
also a medium for views which, although MEChA does not agree, arc 
perfectly valid Perhaps they are ellen more valid thJn MEChA's since 
they are not in favor of MEChA's demise, a case of turning the other 
cheek rather than MEChA's attempt to bite the h,lnd of the AS which 
feeds others. 

It is pan of liberal government to be liberal with other people's 
money but never generous with people one disagrees wirh . 
Fortuntltely, the Cahfo l11la Review has managed to survIve, bringing the 
AS and [he special interests which control it a little further from the 
effective power which they have proven themselves unqualified to 
YIeld 

~<efill<err~~®fill~1f~n~llit~1f~n<ellit®1f~n<etttt®rr~ll~ltttce1f~n®llitcerr~ll~ilit®1f~n<ellit<e1f~n\eilit 
tt~1f~lettersn~fillcerr~~<eilit<err~ll®ttttcelf~ll<eilit~1f~n~tttt<e1f~nceilit~rr~n~ttttce1f~ncettlt\err~ 
rr~nceilit~rr~ll<ellitce1f~ncetttt®1f~~cefcttcerr~llcellit<e1f~n<efrfr~If~nceilit~If~n~ilitceIf~ll~frtt\errsll~ 
ncettttce1f~llcefrfrce1f~n®llit®If~ll~ttttceIf~n<ettfrce1f~n~ilit<err~ll~ilit<e1f~llcellit<err~llcettttcerrn\efrtt~ 
Editor: 

I would like to bring to your 
attention the grave and pressing 
problem of the fate of Soviet 
Jewry. Under the new regime, 
fewer and fewer Soviet Jews are 
being allowed to leave the 
country. and those who have 
applied to leave face long years 
ahead in a hOrrIble state of social 
exile 

When a Soviet applIes to leave 
the country, he Immediately loses 
hiS job. Left penniless (Jnd 
without savings; the concept of a 
bank is unknown In the 
U.S.s.R. ), he must t.lke his family 
out 0 1110 the streets , depend10g 
on the compassion and brJvery 
of friends , 10 survIve. ThIS is not 
an easy matter - .Ipartments are 
small , allowJnces are meager, 
and a citizen c,lUght aIding a 
'refusenik' (those nm allowed to 
leave, who become "noncitizens") 
bces severe punlshmenl The 
only chance a CItizen h,ls to 
even apply to leave hlllges on 
hundreds of sIgnatures, a 
'rel,ltive' in Isrdel (who must 
write a letter to the person 
'inviting' him to lsrJeI fIrst ), and 
months of bureaucratic. red tape. 
It is indeed a frIghtening 
prospect. 

Yet the repression continues. 
There are no equal rIghts, not 
even the rIght of quiet protest -
hunger strikes are forbidden , Jnd 
those few who have attempted 
them have ended up in jaIl . 
When a man applIes to leJve the 
country. he knows he IS 
bartering hiS lift' for a chance <It 
freedom - an undefIned 

freedom , one he knows nothing 
about. 

It is imperative now that free 
Americans begin to do 
something concrete about the 
plight of Sovie[Jewry. Letters of 
protesl to the Soviet government 
and LO the U.N. representatives 
will help - the U S.s.R. does not 
want the West enr.lged with her. 
On January 17, .1 
dIscussIon !lecture will be held in 
Peterson 101 (the !'lPW lecture 
hall ) <It 7 :00 to dISCUSS what is 
happening ,md what can be 
done - II 'S free , ,.II1d vitally 
import.ln!. Enjoylllg our freedom 
as Americ.lns, we must never 
forget that others are not that 
fortunJte - that for some, the 
freedom to lIsten to preferred 
music , to e<l l what one likes , to 
5,IY wha[ one feels is not, .Jnd 
hJS never been , pennined. It is 
high time we Joined together to 
Jld and free our fellow hum,1Il 
beings. 

Sylver Greene 

Editor. 
Christop her (.Itlole's latest 

comment.lry, ·UCSD Losl!1g 
StJtus as a Top UnIversity." 
pOInted to some of th e 
symptoms of UCSI)'s greatest 
Illness, but mIssed naming the 
disease 

Albell , one ( .Innm depend 
upon supposedly · objectIve" 
college rolnklllgs to evaluate 
ourselves. lor how can you rank 
unIversities! By whIch rxact 
standards .Ind how much weight 
to each v<lriable? 

Therei n, why should we be so 

anxious to compare ourselves to 
others! Maybe college rankings 
serve to attract new students or 
enable ,llumni to argue over 
something other than fomball , 
but rhe main thing a ranking 
satisfies IS insecurity, and only 
temporarily at that. 

We know what is good . We 
know what is bad. We know 
when <I professor c.nes about his 
diSCIpline and passes thIS feeling 
on to his students. Funhermore, 
we know when we are working 
and Ie.lming, and also we know 
when we .ne only going through 
motions. 

So o\! r disease is not a lack of 
<I gre.1t potentlill or aptitude. 
UCSD's short hiStory has !.lught 
us thaI we have the ability to 
achieve .IS much as we sincerely 
want. Our disease is the inability 
to think for ourselves. It is 
tembly ironic that a ulllversity 
cannot thi nk. 

o to those who w.we college-
r,lIlking surveys in my f,lce .lI1d 
lell mc thJt we are pretty good, 
but not .1S good as so-.lI1d-so 
l\IlIVCrslty, I SJys to them: "Shut 
[he hell up! " I have a tremendous 
.Imounl of pride and respect for 
this place . so do nor Insult me. 

And 10 those who W,lI1t to 
transfer to ,I university with ,1 
better n.une because "UCSD 
doesn't h.lve a nJme of 115 own ," 
I reply: "hne. Please leave." Wllh 
th,\( ,llIitude those people are 
missing the In.lin thrust of .1 
unIversity educ.llIon , ancl we .Ire 
better olf without them. 

Mark P. Diamond 

Editor: 
When the power went out last 

Monday, the Humanities Library 
Auditorium was plunged into 
almost total darkness. People 
would have left en masse , but 
they could not see the exits. 

Meanwhile, in the new 
Peterson Hall , room 10 I , the 
lecture continued. The room 
which is about the same size as 
the HL Auditorium, was dimly lit, 
but lit enough, thanks to several 
open doors, and the bauery 
powered back-up lights. 

The point of all this is that 
there is NO auxiliary source of 
light in the HL Auditorium . 
There could have been .In 
e.lrthquake, a fire or any number 
of other disasters, and the 
students inside would have had 
no light by which to find the 
exits. Even the eXII signs were 
out. ThIS is a very dJngerous 
situ,uion. 

The new c1a!>sroom5 have 
.Iuxlliary lighting in case of 
power out,lge. Someone, either 1!1 
.1 regulatory agency or elsewhere, 
pl'linly feels thaI such bJttery 
powered emergency illumlllJtors 
are essential for safety. or .It le.lSl 
worth [he purchase price. If such 
.1 decision was m.lde for the new 
d.lssrooms, surely the S,lme 
reasoning holds for the older 
lecture halls. USB 2722 and 2622 
.md the HL Auditorium and 
other older Icl:turc h.IDs should 
also be fitted with b,lHery-
powered emergency lighting. 

Raben Leone 

Editor 
Tim Augus[ 

Managing Editor 
Phil Lauder 

Opinion Editor 
Grace Nielsen 
News Editor 
Lisa L.lpin 

Contributing News Editors 
ChrislOpher Canole 
Steven R. FrIedman 

Features Editor 
James Ralph Papp 

Arts Editor 
Andrew Keeler 

Associate Arts Editor 
John Nee 

Sports Editor 
Jeff Savage 
PhOlo Editor 
RIch Pecjak 

General Manager 
Chris MIlke 

Associate General Managers 
Lmd.l Lewis 

Valerie McMullin 
PhOlographers 

Rlch.nd CJtenna 
Rob Fnedemh'll 
Mark Johnson 
DJVld Newell 

Illustrators 
John Ashlee 

GMnell Fitz-Hcnley 
Typesetters 

Joe DeSIderio 
Anggie Lapid 

PhIl Lauder 
Andy L.lUrencc 

Chns Oste(wJld{'r 
Production 

Han.l Abmms 
Sus..m Emerson 

LIsa Jone5 
Vesn.l Kulasinovic 

Kelley Neal 

Staff Writers 
Lance Bernard, E[h.ln Feers[ 
Sergio Klier. Mich .. el P.lnos, 

Den.l Rosen , Phil WiUon , D.lVid 
Wolf. 

The UCSD Guardian is 
published Mondays and 
Thursdtlys during the uClldemic 
yeJr by students at UCSD. Views 
expressed in the GUJrdiJn do 
not represent the views of the 
Regents of the University of 
Clliforni.1 or the Associmed 
Students of UCSD. All un-
Inill.liled editop,lis represent [he 
views 01 the entire editorial 
bOMd of the Guardi,m; initialled 
editorials represent minority 
opInIons of the edItorial board . 
Rcproduction , publIcation, or any 
usc without permission of'lny 
portion of thIS newspaper 
without prIor notifil:,H1on is 
strictly prohlbiled . 

The Gu,lrdl,lI1 wekomes 
signed letters .md comlnelllalY as 
ouriIned III the OpinIOn section, 
howcvc r we .Ire not responsible 
for unsolicill:d m.lIluscripts or 
.In. 

Our ollice is I(K.lled southe.l!>t 
01 the Revelle Provost all ICC 
nt:xtt\oor III Ihe he ,Ifc on the 
UCSD C.llllpUS The Business 
Ofl'''l' IS open lrolll 9.1111 to noon 
lind I pill to 5plll Mond.IY 
through Fnd.lY. 

'UbSlTlptlllllS .Irt: .IV.lIl.lble ,md 
wIll be 11I.liled II rst cl.lss for $15 
per qu.lIlcr. 

The UCSD Guardian 
UCSD, B-016 

La Jolla, California 92093 
(619) 452.3466 

CommentarY-

Life with Sean was never boring 
• • • 

By GARY PISCOPO 
My roommate's n<lme is Sean, I am 

sure most of you who h.we roomm,nes 
will understand when I say thJt he has 
come to mean a lot to me There IS a bIt 
more to it than that, somelhing of value 
that I think each of you could 
appreciate and thaI I would like to share 
with you seeing as how Scan has , 
typically, wandered off somepl'lce ... But 
I am l!.cl1Ing ahe.ld of myself. 

ll'rth ""- ' ... ~ U!l'Pl.:...lftcr I had 
moved into the Mesa Apanments - t 

chased hIm around the Jpanment one 
d,IY with ,I PMtlCulariy runny tomato. 
telling him how good the lIttle 
gelalinous seeds tasted ooz ing from the 
pulpy tom,lIo Oesh . Consequemly, 
whenever I would set some of "those 
dJmn tom alOes" on the table to ripen, 
he would grab them, spin them around , 
drop them on the Ooor, you know, do 
Juggling things with them. He thought 
my pained expression was the funniest 
mmg. t ."...,..J invi(inll peo Ie over for 
salads. 

It would be impossible to say 

and Tomoko thought he was sweet, anu 
Joan told me about mail cilli. 

It seems Sean was leading a double 
life. By day he was .I laid back mellow 
student and aspiring golf pro, but by 
afternoon he became a grinnIng, self-
appointed mailperson. He would take 
our roommate Robert's ten speed, pedal 
the five feet berween our Jpartment and 
the "guys" apJrtment , ring the door bell 
and wait. When Joan , Amie or ~heilla 
would open the door. he would pedal 
jmo tl].e apartment , occaSIonally 
knocklllg over me--rrortlll5 b"",~ 

day she CJme over and locked herself 
out of her car. one of us could get into 
it, so we dId ali the things you do while 
you are locked out of your car <lnd got 
frustrated . 

The poim is [hat while we were aU 
standing .Iround frustrated , Se,m and hIS 
mom wcre ha\~ng a good time, not like 
they were at DIsneyland or dnythi ng, but 
just bughlllg IOgether and making funny 
comments. Scan alwJYS IOld me his 

WJS the first \\IlInn body there , and he 
W,lS the second. My first impression of 
hIm ran something like thIS: "Hmm , he's 
tall ( .. bout six foOl five) , he looks lIke he 
was born on Mission &ach (I.e. , blonde 
h,ur, fresh face, white teeth and blue 
eyes), and he is weanng a yellow polo 
shIn." I sighed. My mstJIlI analYSIS 
continued. -He probably setS his alal111 
clock for five to catch the off-shore 
wmds, sleeps in a wet-suit and eats like 
ReveUe cafeterIa-fed stude illS on loan to 
Carlos Murphys." 

The man was just so enthusiastic about living 
that being around him was very comJortable, very 
Jun ... kind of like being around a blonde, blue-eyed, 
intelligent sixjoot five puppy, 

mom was his best friend , and I believed 
hun , senslllg the quiet, strong, speci.ll 
bpncl they had between them. lookIng 
Jt his mom, you could see a lot or wh.lt 
made Sean what he was. They were the 
be t thlllg that ever happened 10 eJch 
other. 

One night in early December I got a 
knock on my bedroom door. It had 
been J quiet nIght. Boncie, now my 
gi rlfriend . and I had baked a cake for 
Sean becJuse , as Boncle said, "we 
promised thaI big hungoo a cake for the 
holidays: I checked my watch. II was 

Well, .IS it turned out, he slept not in 
a wet suit but in a bed, whIch he hated 
because his feet hung over the edge 
about four inches. He never really used 
.In 011<11111. I think he relied on some 
hormonal imbal.mce, caused by lack of 
food , to wake him . And yes, he ate like 
those oppressed students at the ReveUe 
CafCleria - nOl like one of them but .III 
of them. BUI ) got used to all of that. 
After a while, it even stopped bOlhering 
me that he was majoring in golf. 

One of the first thmgs I found out 
about Sean was that he could juggle 
,my thing: eggs, bIscuits and golf balls. 
HIS favorite trick was to juggle three 
apples and e,it one while juggling the 
others. This Jt .1n msttlution of hIgher 
learnIng! 

He ,Ibo had .I thing for jugglmg 
tomatoes,. Illy tomatoes, because he did 
not have any 01 his own , IIlce he hJtcd 
10111<1toe!>. I guess It didn't help when I 

anything about Sean without mentioning 
his friends. because SeJn was never 
without friends . The man was just so 
enthusiastic about living that being 
around him was a very comfonable, very 
fun place to hang out, kind of like being 
around a blonde, blue-eyed , intelligent 
six-fOOl five puppy. 
. I asked some of the "guys" how they 

felt about him once: the "guys" Joan, 
Amie , Sheilla and Tomoko who lived 
next door, and Boncie, a very special , 
very preny Spanish lady I worked with 
at the hospItal. "Oh: they said, "he's so 
cute and blonde and taU: 

Boncie liked the way he would brush 
his hair back on the SIdes then pull the 
front down between his fingers. "He's 
such a little boy sometimes ... like the 
tIme he lold me he W.IS going over to 
the golf course to pIck up his b.ll1s." he 
laughed , "I thInk he WdS more 
elllbJrr.lsset\ Ihan I was." Amie Ihought 
he looked .\0 nice in swe,l[ers. Shell I" 

FLOATATION TANKS 
• Student Special • ~~. ...... 
2/or 1 only $20 i . • 1'~ 
(Same person) b Miati Ell ...... S~ ((~.J: f~ 10 sessions only $70 Str_ R·_cias ::.:fP ... " .. 
(two people) Self CIIuity i '--'' ~, .-l.eft--=::!i!:!:auo·1 \ r- \(~ .~~:: 

~~~­
"John-David LEARNING INSTITlITE.----~~"'~I-------- 270-4900 Pacific Beach 

Private Rooms • Showers. Hygenic Condilions 
lOam·8pm M·F; lOarn-Spm Sal Visa. Mosterchorge. Checlcs z: • 

914 • VW • BMW. AUDI Service 
German Car Specialists 

All work fully guaranteed. Factory· Trained Specialist 
Monday-Friday 8 am - 5:30 pm. Saturday 8 am· 5 pm 

(619) 454-7823. . [4630 Mission Bay Drive (619) 454-3705 ...... (1-5 to Balboa Exit) (619) 275-1132 . _ __ San Diego, CA. 92109 
* We use and recommend Kmdall® Lubricants to our customers, * 
---------------------~---------------UCSD SPECIAL 

4 cyl Tune-Up $45 
6 cyl Tune-Up $65 

With This Coupon 
(Not valid Nlith atly othtr roUpolf) 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

10% OFF 
On All Other Repairs 

(Except Motor & Transmission Overhaul) 
With This Coupon 

(Not tlQlid willt a/fy ollter COMpotl) 

their mall key and pedal back out. Then 
he would go over to the mail boxes and 
re[Um the way he had come. 

There are many stories I could tell 
about ~ean, lIke how his Volkswagen 
had this hole in the roof that was 
supposed to be a sunroof (none of us 
ever had the hean to tell him 
otherWIse). When it s!.lned mining, 
usually about five 10 the morning, he 
would have to run out barefoot, half 
asleep and stick thIS goofy looking red 
and white golf umbrella through the 
hole so that hIS seats wouldn't get wet. 
Of course the wind would blow It orr 
,md then he would h,lVe to run b.lck out 
at 6:10, 6:15 and 6:35 to chase this 
umbrelb all over the parkIng lor in hIS 
bnefs. LIfe with Sean WJS never boring. 

None of this , however, tells .IS much 
,Ibout SeJn .1S his rel.ttionship with his 
mOIll does. I lIked Ann as soon ,IS we 
met I liked her \\',1Onth , her intellIgence 
,md, of course . her tnglish .lCcent One 

3:30 am. ' 
"Sorry 10 bother you like thIS," said 

the small man, the one who was not a 
policeman, -but we needed 10 talk to 
you." He was very quiet. "Does Sean 
Remen lIve here ?" the policeman asked. 
looking at me. "Yes." [ saId, rubbing my 
eyes. They both looked down at the 
noor ·Why," I asked, "IS something 
wrong with ean?" 

The smaUer man spoke, ·Your 
roommale WJS killed tonight in an 
automobile accident on LJ joll.J Shores 
Boulevard. I'm sorry. We'll have to 
examIne th e personal effeCts. 

Sean ... 
•• * 

No Olle, /lot youI' pWt',HS, your [overs or 
YOIII I>t.' ~t jriolds arc III your lifc jorcver. 
EI'fIytlllllg 1'<IS!>C.\. Thosc of us who knew 
alld loved Scali ,!'a('/I ()UI ,~ [hose oj you 
h [\(l didll 'l amI pray 'h'll you IIever lake Jar 
gmlltcd those )OU lo\'c alld (are jul'. There 
\'l1Iply 1.111', cllough lIIlIt' . 

MATH (MAJORS/MINORS/APTITUDE) .. , 

You're Needed 
All Over the 

World. 
. Ask Peace Corps Math volunteers why their degrees are 
needed in the classrooms of the world's developing narions, 
Ask them why Ingenuity and Rexibillty are os viral as odoprlng 
ro 0 dlfferenr culrure. They'll fell you their srudenrs know Math is 
the key ro 0 solid furure. And they'll rell you thor Peace Corps 
acids up ro a career experience full of rewards and oc-
complishmenlS. Ask them ~ Peace Corps is the roughesr job 
you'll ever love. 

PEACE CORPS 
Peooce Corps represenrortves will ~ a !he UCSO "Hump" on Joouory 24th and 25m. If 
you ae familiar with the Peace Corps and would like on on campus interview. pick up 
on oppllcorlon at the PIocemenr Center. cOO'l>lere It and Sig1 up for on appointment 
on January 25th ar 26th. Far /'TlOI't' information coil (21~) 209· 7444. Put YOLOeIf wtIere 
you're needed"Join the ~ Carps! 



A Revelle College Public.llion - University of California. San Diego 

Volume 10 Number 6 

SPOTLIGHT ON: 
STEVE TRAN 

reve IS Ii Jumor from Cardiff, Ca., who has many interests , including a strong one in 
the curriculum a t Revelle which has prompted him to become chairman of the ReveUe 
Curric ulum Review Committee. 

One of Steve's projects this year has been a survey of Revelle students regarding their 
opinions of ma ny aspects of the Humanities program, from T.A. 's to professors, grades 
and co urse material. From this survey, his committee has found that the overall 

1----------------1 impression is a positive one, although problems were pointed out. The main difficulry 
Revelle Oh Well's! 

Beginning January 23rd applications 
will be ava ilable in the Revelle Dean's 
Office for Freshmen Orientati o n 
Leaders. Eleven students will be 
selected and trained to introduce n ew 
incommg students 10 Revelle College. 
Students who will be sophomo res, 
juniors or seniors next year and 
maintain at least a 2.0 G.PA are 
encouraged to apply. If you enjoy 
working with people and ravi ng about 
Revelle College, please stop by the 
Revelle Dean 's Office for more 
information . 

ACADEMIC 
ADVISORY 

Par/-tlillc student sial us: If you are 
taking below 10.5 uni ts any quaner you 
will need to file for part-time status ,md 
you will then be eligible for reduced 
fees. You can obtain the form and any 
necessary information from the Reve lle 
Provost 'S Ofrice. Approval for 
individual students to e nroll o n a pan-
time basis Will be given for reasons of 
occupation , family responsibili ties, or 
health . Approval to enroll as a part-
time stude nt sh,lll be given by the 
,lppropriate dean or co ll ege provost 
advisor . 

There is also a minimum progress 
requirement - you m ust successfu lly 
comple te 36 .0 units for three 
consecutive quarters . If' you 1'.111 below 
this minimum you will need to fil e for 
part-time status as well . Janu.lry 20. 
t 984 is the List d<.ly to file for p.lrHime 
St,ltus . 

Graduating Seniors: if you .11'(.' 
planning on gr,ldll<lling Wimer or 

p ri ng 1984 you will need to file a 
degree .md d i plom.l ,lppli c,ItIOn as 
soon as possible . Winter 1984 
applications a rc due no I.lter th..ln 
january 20, I 984! All appliGltions 
should be received Ihe quaner before 
you phln to gmdu,ue. 
Dates to Remember: 
jan. 17, 1984: l1yol'llWlioll Sessio/l jor 
Sludy A/Jmad Progral1l (EAP). 7:00 I' 111 ., 
llllcrn ,l/ieJilal Cc Ill er. 
jan. 20, 1984: Fillal Day jorl'''YlIl cllt (?f 
rcg. Ices with $50 IJt:lwlly. 
Feb. 3 . 1984: Filwl Day to drop wilhow 
"W" (11\ Imll~Clil'l . 

students encountered was a problem in communicating with their TA's. Students felt 
that grading was tOO subjective , and many felt they had to "kiss up" to their TA's to get 
better grades. Gradmg variations were also mentioned. 

Steve is hoping that , with the help of his survey, his committee will be able to advise 
the Reve lle Executive Committee on how to improve these aspects of the Revelle 
Humanities program. 

When Steve is not moving mountains for the benefit of the Revelle Student body, he 
likes to play te nnis, run , play the piano, and minor in philosophy (and major in _ 
microbiology!). He feels that ifhis committee can help to change even one small part of 
the humanities program, his time will have been well spent. 

Education Abroad Program 
THINK 1984 

The last EAP pre-selection mformdtlon session will 
take place on Tuesday.Jan . 17 at 7 pm in the lounge of 
the International Ce nter for [he following cou ntries : 

Austrl,l. BrJ.ZII. Eg)'pl . Fr~nce . Gcrm~ny. liang Kong. Indl" . 
Isr~cI. IklJy. J~PJn . KenYJ. MeXICO. NOIWJ)'. Peru . Slcrr,l 
Leone. Sp.lln . Sweden. West Afne.I . Jnd Ch ,nJ ,lnd U.S.S.R 
FJII ~mcstcr ,lnd AcJdemlc Yc.r Pro!lrJms 

Street Dancers 
performing on the 

There WIll be .1 film ,md slide show on the v.lrious 
progr,uns; d question .md dnSWer period. dnd inforll1dl 
diSCUSSion with returned students. 

Plaza Fall Quarter THE APPUCATION DEADLINE IS JAN. 27.198". 

Jan. 12 
Jan. 13 

Around the Plaza 
-Leadmhip Workshop 

Noon Programming Board movie: DIVA, 7:30 
and 10:00 p.m. 

Jan. 16 Administrative Holiday - Martin Luther King 
Day 

Jan. 17 &: 18 Bloodmobile in the CC 
Jan. 19 Commuter Breakfast with the Provost and Dean, 

Jan. 20 
Jan. 28 

7:30 am • 8:30 am. 50¢ 
RPB goes to Hollywood - Johnny Carson Show 
RPB Battle of the Bands 

Student Health Advocates Recruittnent 
Are you interested in health issues? A ca reer in health? Communications? Do you like 
helping people help themselves, become well-informed , health consumers? If your 
answer is yes to any of these questions the Student Health Advocates (SHA) Program of 
Student Health Service's Health Education Program may be right for you. SHA's are 
trained volunteers who work three hours a week in self-help cemers or leading birth 
control information sessions. Self-help centers include blood pressure screening, cold 
care , skin care . 
To learn more about training classes and expectations, attend an orientation session 
on January 12 at 3;00 pm , upstairs at the Student Health Service. For more information 
call Mon -Fri 8:00-4:30, Dalynn T. Proffitt about General Health areas at 452-2419 or 
452-2)00 or call Christtne Oakley at the Women's Clinic 452-2669 or 452-2180 about 
birth control information sessions. To leave a message after hours caU 452-2419. 

WINTER QUARTER 
College Bowl Team 
Members Needed! 

UCSD is planning to send a college 
bowl team to the college bowl region.ll 
competition in San Francisco on 
February 18, 1984. 

We are in the process of putting 
together a team from Revelle who will 
compete against the other colleges on 
February 4, 1984. Th~ winnn "f ~< .. 
r "'''I"_'''4IVn Will be the team sem to 
the regional competition in San 
Francisco. If you are imerested, please 
contact Yolanda Garcia in the Revelle 
Dean's Office or caU herat 452-3493 as 

Revelle Bargain Books 
Located next to the formal lounge in 
Revelle Commons, Revelle Bargain 
Books operates on a consignment 
basis. A wide selection from every 
departmem is offered - c heck out 
Revelle Barg~in Books before you 
spend aU your moneyat the Bookstore! 
Hours for Winter Quarter are Monday-
Friday. 10:00-4:00 p .m. For further 
information call x2502. 

Career Planning and 
Placement Events 

GRE PREP COURSE 
jan 16-30, 

Mondays &: Wednesdays 
4:00 - 7:00 pm 

(Call Oasis x2284 for location) 
TEACHING· 

A CAREER FOR YOU? 
Thursday, jan. 19 

2:00 p.m. 
North Conference Room. 
HEALTH EXPERIENCE 
LEARNING PROGRAM 

Orientation: Monday 
jan. 23, 5:00 p.m. 
Garren Auditorium 

SUMMER JOBS 
HOW TO GET ONE 

Thursday, jan. 26 
2:00 pm 

North Conference Room. 

College and Suicide: 
Walking the line between life and death 

By CHRISTOPHER CANOlE 

T he first thing you noticed as he lay there...were his lean and muscular ~ which carried him to many running championships. From his 
toned torso to handsome face topped by styled blond 
hair you could see he was attractive to women. The 
small wrinkles around his eyes reflected the 
introspection and many hours of study, in preparation 
for the recent MCAT exam. of which his Mesa 
Apanment friends had spoken. Gazing down his arms 
you would not find tracks of drug abuse. The only mar 
in his features was a long surgical-like line running 
down his forearm to palm. Not an extension of the 
lifeline in his palm, this was the deathline of his 

"The ambulance pulled away 
slowry with flashing lights, but 
no siren." 

suicide, the fourth for UCSO last year. 
Suicide among college students has more than 

doubled since the 60s, and the rate is far higher for 
young people in college than for those who are not. 
This year one oUI of every 8,000 college age people wiU 
commit suicide. 

UCSO police detective Sergeant Robert Jones said. 
"The statistics on the number of suicides at a 
university are nOl: representative of the true picture. 
They only include suicides occurring on campus. Of 
the four UCSO suicides last year, three were off 
campus. Each year twO to four times as many occur off 
campus." Add to this the national statistic that one in 
every eight students has_ considered suicIde. 

"He never sought out psychological help," said 
Sergeant Jones about the Mesa apanment suicide. "The 
victim was a very good student. an award-winning 
athlete, came from a nice family background, engaged, 
and had no financial problems. He seemed to have the 
world by the tail But according to a letter dated jUst 
prior to the suicide. he fdt it was just time to SO. He 
was surprised he had lived so long. The thOUght of 
suicide was not something new to him. He had been 
thinking of it for a number of yea~." 

A student living next door to the victim said, "I was 
not sure which of the roommates it was. Nobody there 
really stood OUt much. The police asked to borrow a 

large envelope for the blood stained letter. I watched as 
they carried him downstairs and into the ambulance. 
Then the ambulance pulled away slowly with flashing 
lights, but no~iren . " 

College students are more susceptible to emotional 
stress today than in the past. The academic. social, 
and financial pressures have intensified due to the 
isolated narure of a university. Dr. John Giebink, 
director of UCSO's Psychological Services, said: ·Stress 
arises from the academic demands and his or her 
perceived ability lO deal with it. Students are here 
apart from the security of their old suppon system. 
There is often not someone available in time of 
emotional need. The separation from long established 
friends and family isolates and amplifies emOl:ionai 
stress." Students also become disoriented as they begin 
to explore new freedom sexually and try to answer the 
questions, "Who am I, Why am I here , Where am I 
going in my life?" 

No levels of college are exempt from the pressures of 
academia. The freshman feels naive and inadequate . 
Sophomores begin to realize they will no longer be 
pampered by special freshman programs and must 
decide their academic direction. The junior year is 
filled with demands in a specific field . And the senior 
not only worries about finishing, bur is uncenain of 
what comes next. 

SergeantJones said, "The four suicides we had last 
year were from the freshman to the graduate level. 
There is no predicting when a suicide will happen ; the 
pressure is constant." 

Newsweek's national poll on Stress and Suicide on 
Campus shows final exams are considered the most 
stressful among 65% of the students, stan of the 
academic year 21 %, midterm exams 20%, end of the 
academic year 11 %, winter quarter five percent and 
staning of holidays three percent. 

During these stress times the college student may 
experience burnout or the more complex clinical 
depression, leaving the student more vulnerable to 
suicide. The symptoms are: erratic sleeping patterns, 
lethargy, feelings of hopelessness and worthlessness , 
poor appetite and weight loss or excessive appetite 
and weight gain. fatigue , crying spells, and moodiness. 
If these symptoms persist for as long as two weeks, Dr. 
Geibink recommends you make an appointment at 
psychological services for counseling. 

Sufferers of stress, burnout, extreme anxiety, or 
depression total 59% of aD college students; if you 

exclude freshmen the total climbs to 74%. Even though 
only four to six percent have sought medical or 
psychiatric care for depreSSion of anxiety, 56% would 
consider attending mental health seminars and stress 
management. . 

Students cited academic work achievements (64%) 
as the primary cause for burnout, depression. and 
anXiety. Workload was followed closely by uncenainty 
about the future (62%), financial worries (60%), 
loneliness (40%), parental pressure (37%), competition 
(34%) and dating/sex problems (32%). 

Dr. ~ibink said , "For those living on campus we 
provide excellent serv!ces with the help of the RA's 

There's no predicting when a 
suicide will happen; the pressure 
is constant. 

and resident deans." When asked how they would rate 
the quality of mental health counseling services at their 
college. of those who had never used the services, six 
percent rated them excellent, 19% very good , 11 % fair. 
and three percent poor. The remaining 61 % did not 
know. Of those who sought help from psycholOgical 
services. 42% rated them very good to excellent. 19% 
fair. and 10% poor. 

"The potential for suicide is something everything in 
psychological services keeps in mind when counseling 
a student for anxiety or depression." Said Dr. Giebink, 
·Some students present a primary complaint we can 
deal with through direct counseling or referral to a 
psychological consultant But sometimes the depression 
is severe enough to require hospitalization." Sergeant 
Jones said, "Most extremely depressed students are 
very cooperative when being escorted to the hospital. 
They realize they want help." 

The counselor recognizes "The bottom line is the 
student feels things are absolutely hopeless," said 
Giebink. "We want to get them past that point. Suicide 
is nOl: an alternative. They most often talk about the 
hopelessness of life. We try to do everything to point 
out the temporariness ot their present situation . They 
talk of death as a cessation of their pain and problems. 
We explore the options for solving their problems and 
note that suicide has no options: 

From initial concept through completion, Logicon offers you 
the opporrunity to put your talents at center stage and be an 
integral pan of the entire creative process in a variety of 
software engineering and computer science areas. 

nvolvement.-
We're the industry pacesetter in systems and software 

engineerinl, and as such, we can offer engineers, 
proarammers, analysts, systems engineers and operations 
analysts unparalleled career opportunity and challenge. Our 
diverse range of government contracts allows you tc tackle 
new problems and develop orilinal solutions. 

You'll work in a small team thllfs in direct contact with 
mana,ement 10 your efforts will be seen, recosnlzed, and 
rewarded. 

Visit with our representatives: 

It's yours, at Logicon. 
Tuesday, January 24, 1984 

Loaicon offen top work In, conditiON in a modern 
Il-story buildln, which overlooks the historic San Pedro 
Harbor, Our scientific environment II enhanced with private 
and semi-private offices and easy accelll to computer 
facilities. We allO have other officel in Ohio, Utah, 
Colorado, Massachusetts, and Waahinaton, D .C . 

We're Iooklna forward to meedna with you on lhe: 24th_ 
But If ,oU 1ft unable to anend, pIeue tend • ,.ume or letter 
decailina your experience and career deIirea tOl 
Nancy Hancock 
LOGICON 
255 W . 5th Street, Dept. 88F 
P.O. Box 471. San Pedro, CA 90733, (21J)831-061l 
An Equal Opponunlly Employer MIFIVIH 

LOGICON I', . ,I, 



8 January 12, 1984 
NEWS 

. ~'. :t~··:«)V~··~;l::.: ','. " .. ~~, ....... >1:'"'0,(', :', ....... :: .... ". " "'" • ,' ... ~ .'. • • ' 

aLAST 
TO THE 

COMIC GALLER~ 

~--------c~cs----------~ 
'* New Comics: Arriv. w .. kIy by air rr~ 
'* Colledor's Comics: Gol,*, Age to Pr.sMt 
* Comic & Fantasy Art 
* Comic (ons.,.,otion: Mylar Snugs. Mylit.s. 

Ad#r •• Box.s 
'* Open 7 Days 

/' '* A,.. Fr .. Portdng 
, (JI.9! 
rtJ"'~ G ,q 

NEW! NEW! NEW! NEW! 
One time only courses. 

Department of History Winter Quarter 
1984 

History IIIQ: 
Muslim Political TIIeory and Institution. 
VndertJtandin§ Kllomeni, "lIadaji, & A.sael 
Thursday, 3:00-5:00, TEH 502, Code 4664 
Islam is the religion and the way of life for nearly one 
billion people: 
A knowledge of Muslim religious and political ideas and 
institutions will enable us to understand not only what 
is currently happening in the Middle East, but what 
may happen in the future in Afghanistan, Pakistan, 
India, Indonesia and even China and the Soviet Union. 

-- -

,....--FANTASY GAMES MlNIATURES-~ 
Taught by Waclie Jwaideh, Pro/euorol Near 
Eastern Stu_e. at Indiana Vnive,..ity. 

Dungeons & Dragon~ • Chomp Ions 
Villains & Vigi lantes . freveller 

Star Trek • Star fleet 
Rlinequest & Others 

Ral Partha • Citadel 
Superior • Phaenix 

Custom-mode figures 
Painted & Unpainted History 135: Spain Since IBM Lecture Tueaclay • nunclay, 11:30-12:50, 

PAL 1117, Code 2114 
r----------------------------, ,-----------------------------------~, Fifty years ago Spain was a backward and 

impoverished country on the verge of a bitter Civil War 
which foreshadowed World War II and the following 
Cold War. Today Spain is one of the "economic 
successes" of the mid-twentieth century, with a 
European standard of living and a stable Socialist 
government. As a central facet of European history 
and an example of a successful escape from 
backwardness, Spain represents an historical chapter 
worth investigating. 

: this coupon IS volld for 
• 

this coupon IS valid for : , 
, 

: 100 COMIC lAGS 10% Off 
, 

, 
, 
, 
, 
, 
, 
, 
, 
, 
, 
, 

fflEE with 00\1 purchase of 
New ComICs over S 1 2 00 

Exptes Jon. 26. 1964. 
n.. Comic GoIl..y 

the purchase of onv Gomes or Mlnlotures 
(S3.00 minimum) 

Exptes..b-l. 26. 19&4. 
1M Comic GaI,-¥ 

!_---------------------------_. 

Taught by Professor Gabriel Tortella,PII.D., 
V.ivertJity 01 W .. consin an" Pro/e .. orat t'e 
Vnivenity 01 Alcala de Henares near 
Madrid, Spain. 

ACADEMIC 
INTERNSHIP 
PROGRAM 

What's an Academic 
Internship? 

It 's a valuable academic experience. 
You'll work with a faculty advisor in 
developing a research paper topic and 
in selling goals for your internship. 
Each placement IS correlated to your 
major and designed to compliment your 
academic work. 

You can work in a career related, off· 
campus placement and earn credit 
through the Academic Internsh ip 
Program. 
How many units of credit is 
it possible to earn? 

From 4 to 12 per quarter, to a 
maximum of 16. 

Who is eligible? 
Any UC student with a 2.5 GPA who 

has completed 90 units. 
How do I find placement? 

We find one . or you can develop 
your own. 

• Gain practical • Make yourself more employable .. . 
experience... • Check out career interests". 

Commanicatio_ 
Learn the arts of advertising, public 

relations, video production, newspaper and 
magazine writing. 

• San Diego Magazine 
• Cable television stations 
• Major network stations 
• Phillips Ramsey Advertising 
• Los Angeles Times 
• create your own 

Computer Science" Eagiaeel"iq 
Develop and implement software, work 

with engineers designing projects at major 
firms . 
• Hewlett Packard 
• Teledyne 
• Sony Inc. 
• Private engineering firms 

Art&: Drama 
Work on dramatic productions, learn 

lighting & design, set up museum displays 
and develop photographic series. 
• San Diego Museum of Art 
• Major theatre companies 
• San Diego Library 
• La Jolla Museum 

Pre-Law 
Learn legal research skills, attend court, 

write briefs , interview clients and witnesses. 
• Indigent defense firms 
• City Attorney's office 
• Private law firms 

Go to Washington D.C. during Election Year 1984 
Attend seminars and meetings in the Capital, research issues, answer constituent 

requests, write briefs. work for offices such as: 
• Senator Pete Wilson • National Presidential Election Committees 
• Congressman Duncan Hunter • National Environmental Task Force 

UC hoaainll 
Ie a".ilable. 

• Earn academic credit." 
• Apply what you are learning in the classroom". 

Social Senric: .. 
Clinical psychology and sociology students 

gain direct client contact experience, 
counseling & biofeedback experience. 
• Planned Parenthood 
• The Bridge 
• Episcopal Community Services 
• The Good Life Open Campus Foundation 

a..i.e .. 
Use economic (orecasting, market analysis 

& management science skills. 
• Cubic Corp. 
• E.F. Hutton 
• C.W. Clark 
• cities of San Diego & Del Mar 

Pre-"'_ 
Work with medical research teams in 

hospitals & labs. work with patients in c6nics, 
• Salk Institute 
• UCSD Medical Center 
• VA Hospital 
• Scripps Clinic/ Research Foundation 
• CaI·Biochem, Inc, 

Go"ern ..... t 
Take an active part in the legal process, 

work in local & state government offices & 
agencies. 
• UC Student Lobby 
• Governor's office 
• State Legislature & Assembly persons 
• Mayor's office 

• 

Call or Drop in for 
More Info! 

Apply now for 
Spring and Summer 

Internships! 
WarreD Camp •• 

BlelS.406 
x4355 

A particle in a vacuum: D. G. Wills • • • 
By CLYDENE NEE 

'At first glance it IS hard to teU exacdy 
what D.G. Wills is. Situated on 'a quiet 
pan of La Jolla Boulevard, this booksho p 
and colTee ho use is set back from the 
stree t ,md seems p.m of a dIfferent 
world from the bUIldings that surround 
it. 

Used books and magazines are pIled 
on die tables around the open-air patio. 
and the first se t of shelves you see is 
brimming with books. When one comes 
through the door of the shop, one's first 
feeling is that of being overwhelmed by 
books. From noor to ceiling there are 
massive bookshelves that are stuffed 
with books, and piles of books are 
scattered here and there all over the 
noor. 

Another pan of the setting is the 
seating, which ranges from school desks 
to barber chairs. which the owner of the 
store thought was a necsessity, having 
noticed a lack of seating in some of the 
best book stores around th e world. 

D.G. Wills is the name of the store's 
owner, probably one or the most 
interesting individwls that one would 
ever run .!Cross. He served as a Soviet 
militJIy analyst in the American 
intelligence community in the '60s. 
During thi s time he became concerned 
about events taking place around the 

world . 
"\ was borhered about the possibility 

of a nuclear war," Wills explains. "and 
someday I thought I might open a 
bookstore to serve the cause of 
knowledge, bo.ping 10 preserve 
something for the future." 

O ne of the factors that shaped his 
views was the novel by James Hilton , 
Lost HoriZQn, in which the high lama of 
Shangri .Ll wanted to preserve some of 
the world 's knowledge, so that after the 
world WilS destroyed knowledge would 
survive. 

"' would argue that it is more 
Important to have those places in the 
world," says Wills, "not retreated from 
the world ." 

Wills studied at Columbia University 
under Zbiegniew BrzezinskI and was in 
the process of interviewi ng for jobs in 
WashmgtOn when his filther's health 
deteriorated to the point where it 
became necess.lry for Wills to come to 
live o n the West Coast to help his 
father. 

KnOWing that he wanted to open .1 
bookstore , Wills began the l,lborioU5 
task o f looking for a place to open a 
store. He looked in the San Francisco 
area and then had ill most settled on 

1- Hour Contacts & Glasses' 
Extended Wear Lenses 

$149 wtttI thll ad Hydrocurve II lenses. . Ptofeaalonal selYle .. extra. 
Yoo can wea: Extended Wear Contact Lenses contlnUOUlly for t'<NO-weeks. 
WOrk. play and liMP In theIe ~thln. comfortable IenIeS ana wak&-up 

I88ing cIeafty with no dally cleaning hassIeII 
1,000" In stock. No appointment necessary 

·MoIt cc*s. One hour ~ at Sports A/wnQ, lingle IItIiOn only. 

Call Dr. Leventhal Million Valley 692-EYES Dr. Suder Pacific Beach 273-EYES 

Santa Barbara, but he was eventuaUy 
drawn to UCSD. 

"UCSD exists in a vacuum," says 
Wills. "There is no academic community 
here , and I gambled that someday I 
could be across the street from the 
campus. If' wer across from campus I 
would be open seven days a week until 
midnight. It would be much like the 
store now. only larger, with students and 
professors having discussions on the 

_ patio: 
Four years ago WIlls rented a truck .K, 

fiUed it with all his worldly belongings 
and 6,000 volume , ,md WIth a "La Jolla 
or Bust" motivation drove his [ruck 
across the country. 

Soon he opened up shop at his 
present location and hJS since 
increased the Slock of the Slore to 
somewhere around 20,000 volumes. 
These books range from romance novels 
and murder mysteries to astronomy and 
higher mathematics. One can m,lke 
great d eals; most of the books are half 
cover price or very rc,lsonable . Students 
can fi nd lIscd textbooks and out·of-
print m,l[cnals . 

It has also become a favorite haunt 
for several graduate students and a 
number of professors from UC D, and 
one recognizes many names of those 
individuals who make their livings in 
front of classes here . 

Part of the Chal111 of D.G. Wills is the 
culrural events that take place there that 
are free 10 the public. Concerts, poetry 
readmgs. disc ussions with famous 
authors and political figures take place 
often , so often that the group that works 
under D.G. Will is called the La Jolla 
Cultural ociel)'. . 

Some of the upcoming events that wIll 
be sponsored by the Cultural OCICl)' will 
be a bil1hday celebration for omerset 
Maugham J.muary 25 . ThIS program will 
include the acting talents of Denms 
Turner. who will read from iI ploly about 
Maugham's hfe, which W,IS written by 
Willi,lm Menard, who wrote Maugham's 
biography and was a close person,ll 
friend . 

Steinbeck, who is perhaps Dennis' 
f,lVonte writer. will also have a program 
when Jack on Ben~on will dISCUSS hIS 
new book on Steinbeck on January 29. 

This blurb marks tne first Issue of the GuardIan book section , an attempt co deal with all 
academic dISCiplines (and spare lime undlsciplines) through an interest In books. It will appear 
every Thursday and include articles all particular worlts, literary trends. writers and bookstores 
(with pictures and conversations). 

GOOD NEWS! Now· The National Edition of The New 
York Times is readily available to UCSD students and 
faculty at a 30% discount off the newsstand price on a 
prepaid subscription basis: Papers are delivered to 
departments or offices on the morning of publication. 

ONLY 35¢ PER DAY 
MONDAY - FRIDAY 

The Sunday edition is also available at the newsstand 
price of $2.50. Delivery will begin on Monday,January 16. 

CALL 459-8155 



-, 

1 •• """' •• _11_1111'_"1"" ""., •• , ••• n,_" _".II_ ..... 'IIIH.UIlU"' ... 'H ...... "'HlMIIIIIHH'HII .. _IIII.nlH 
Attention Potential Writers 
The new writers' meeting you've all been waiting for 

is here. Come to the Guardian offices (located 
southeast of Revelle Plaza, adjacent to the Che 

Cafe) at either 11 am or 3 pm, and find out what 
a career in journalism could do for you. Meet the 

editors, find out what makes us tick, and then 
help make us tick. 

If you cannot aumd ekher meain& contKI rht GuardiGft o8kt • x3166 and ~)'OW' name, IIUIIIber and uywWch ICCIioa you _kllilrclOwr1re (or 
1I11III. __ ..... 11.1111' ••• ' ... '"111111'1] 1 .... _1111 11I .. ,mllll'IIIII"'I' ••• '1II , n 11111111'"111 II. II , 

.. 

University of California at San Diego 

Tuesday, January 17, 1984 
9:00 am-4:00 pm 
Student Center 
North Conference Room 
BS/MS in EE, CS and Computer Engineering. 
Technical Disciplines with interest in Sales and Systems 
Engi neering. 
Students interested in Summer and/or Co-op Assignments. 

Come informally any time during the hours indicated above and 
learn about technical career opportunities in IBM from many dif-
ferent locations throughout the country. Then sign-up on inter-
view schedules (through your placement office) for formal inter-
views which will take place on February 3. 

Bring 3 Personal Data Sheets or Resumes. 

Citizenship or permanent residence required for interviews. 

.--..- -

----- ---.-, 
- -
- -. ---- _ ... ---

--------_. -8 

An Equal Opportunity Employer 

Letter 
Sir: 

May I make the request that you now 
tum your attention to the question 
which has always been of the greatest 
imerest to aU Austen emhusiaSls: What 
was the exact extent of the brain 
injuries suffered by Louisa Musgrove in 
her fall from the Cobb at Lyme Regis?-

I refer, of course, to that episode in 
Chapter 12 of Persuasion which reads in 
pan: 

"The ladies ... were comented (0 pass 
quiedy and carefully down the steep 
flight, excepting Louisa; she must be 
jumped down them by Captain 
Wentwonh _ ... He advised her against it, 
thought the jar too great; but no, he 
reasoned and 14lktd in vain; she smiled 
and said, '1 am detennined I will'; he 
put out his hands; she was too 
precipitate by half a second , she fell on 
the pavement on the Lower Cobb, and 
was taken up lifeless! 

"There was no wound , no blood , no 
visible bruise; but her eyes were closed , 
she breathed not , her face was like 
death . The horror of that moment to all 
who stood around!" 

The injuries sustained fronl this 
episode led to Louisa's convalescence a[ 
the cottage of the Harvilles. It was there, 
in the course of her recovery, that there 
occurred a transfer of her affecllons 
from Captain Wentwonh to Captain 
Benrwick (the Hatville's lodger), and the 
eventual betrothal of her former 
intended to Anne Elliot 

A view Jrom the cliJJs Sydney Jones (England 
~uth , The Studio Publications) oflhe Cobb at 
Lyme Regis, a view which throws no lighl on 
lite problem dealt with in Ihe lellerabove . We 
IIIvile our readers ' replies on Ihe mailer: 

As d oncernetl reader, I would like to 
draw your attention to three points: 

I . The filII was only a short one -
LOUIS,I being ')umped", i.e. held by the 
wilist and lifted slighrly .tS she came 
down the stairs. The tOLlI distance was 
probably only 3 to 4 feet. 

2. It was never specinrd exactly 
which p,lrt of her body received the 
force of the fall upon the pavement . 
Though some critics Ill.ly surmise that 
she Slruck her head , (mention of ,I 
"scvere contusion" to the head is made 
later in the chapter,) it is f.lT more 
common for a victim falling forward in 
an outward arc to land upon his knees 
or outstretched hands. 

3. As the author points out in rhe 
pas!klge Ci ted above, no visible signs of 
Injury were noted - no bleeding from 
rhe e,lrs , dil.lted pupils, convulSions. or 
,my of the usual symptoms of severe 
hc.ld inJUry. 

The entire f.tll inCident. plus (he 
injurics .Ipp..trently received , seem highly 
suspect to thiS rc.lder. 

In your opinion , Clluld .my credence 
be given to the theory that Louisa 
Musgrove wmrived the entire acddent, 
h.lving .llrc,ldy conceived J tender 
p.lss ion for Clpt.lin 8cntwick? 
Detennincd to rid herself of the 
.lttentions of Captain WCl1Iwlmh, she 
111<l y h.wc klgned seriOUS injury as .1 
I11c.ms l)1 thll)wing hcr!>l.'lf In the w,'y of 
C'pt<lin 8entwlck. Su rel). thi s is .1 !nore 
pl.llIsible expl,\I1<llion th.1I1 th,\t Louls,1 
, hould h,l\l' been Ihrown Illtll ,In 
l\l\',dld ulIlt\iIlO\l ,I, Ihe result 01 whclt 
C, IIl onl), Ill: tl'\'lllcd ",I ,l lght Jol!,,? 

Emily Shieh 

January 12, 198" 11 
.. . .. . . . 

, • fl' •• • I to "0 "'0 "'. .o.t .. o. .' 
• ·· t •••• '.· .... . • •• • to. ,',I .• ", to ' 0'0 . - .,; .• • •• #·,·0 

," .•.• ~ ............. · · ··0' .. ···· ··0. ~'~.! ...... , ',";~ :.' . . 0" 
• • - ....... " •• , 0 •• 0' .... " "6' .... ,to .. . .. 0, • :. I •• " • I • • • 

.-d: ... ' ;0.':, :! .!. :' .. : 1° •• ', •• ~:.: ' . ~. ; ': ~. Of • .o 'II ' 0' 0·;::.· .. · = ;", ~ .. 
:.:\~~ ~!..:/t:.; )?:\;; ~S.:::··<::~:·~»I/f/~/:\:{~:\~~,f: 

• I, ••• • t ' Of '0 ...... . .. ,0.·':0. D, •• • :." ,0, ••. ' ••• 
~~· ... ~ .. ·.· .. · .... :,· ·. ' .. ·I.· ... · ... ·.· ... · ..... , ... ~. ~~"'i.r: 
· .. d'··,.··.····· fI·:·~·;.·.·'O.- .. 1' ••••• 0.' ..• .• : ...... -.: .•. :;;~ 

, :, .•. ~ ..• -:; ..•.. ' ....... :,': ., .......... ··:···:···· ·O·:· .. :~·b.·~··\ · ~ .. ·•·· ,-, 
,0 ,' .. '.' • :. ",; : ... : • " ..... '. ~' ... 'f :.. i: :. (I ,. : 0 ':'. ,.":.' ; . ,~. '.,: " , ~ :. • . ' 
. .... ~ :":. '. ". ~ D,.' ~ •••• _ :':, ' •• •• ' ..... . ~ . .; ':D:.':"· ~"'-".i;iI~~ ··;:';~{;/·<·;·;·~·:/{>::j?~'::.~~~l»\\\<~ .,...V;~~~~.;;,~A~,l#r .. 1~: 

.". .' . . 

Championship season falls 
short by a game 
By MIKE GREENBERG 

()np ~1.4 ~ ....... 'Itt: tN [ration in 
Doug Dannevik's voice , even when he 
med to conceal It over the telephone . 
The Triton women's volleyball coach was 
distraught, and rightfully so, after UCSD 
(for the second time in as many years) 
lost the NCAA Division III 
championship to Elmhurst (last year it 
was La Verne) in four excrutiatingly 
tough games by the scores of lO-15, 11 -
15, 15-9, and 13-15 three weeks ago at 
La Verne. 

The loss to Elmhurst was the first 
such defeat for the Tritons all year long 
in Division 1II, as they were ranked 
number one in the country for most of 
the season. UCSD displayed the 
dominance that Dannevik was talking 
about en route to this year's fin_als, 

The "Road to La Verne" began in 
juni,lIa, Pennsylvania, for the Mid-
. Ar.lantic Regional five weeks ago. Juniata 

IS not one of your typical towns which 
only supportS big-time spons. The 15~ 
spectators that viewed the toumament 
demonstrated that they take their 
volleybaU seriously in Pennsylvania. The 
media coverage of the event surpassed 
the covt;.@ie given by Slu\ Diqo's finest 
of any Clipper or Socker home game. 
1V and radio crews covered the tourney 
as if it were the Super Bowl. 

But despite a bipanisan crowd , UCSD 
manhandled Western Maryland and 
thcn the host school without losing a 
game. The Juniata match highlighted 
great perfonnances by UCSD's thrce All-
Americans: Lu Lu Schwanz, Krislln 

Christy Wada's prayers were not aoswered. 

Kilboum ,md Molly Wheatley. But the 
squad as a whole put on a volleybaU 
show that could only be upsLlged by the 
76ers on a very good nigh!. In what 
Dannevik called "the greatest match we 
have ever played ," the Tritons crushed 
Juniata, limillng the locals to 10 pOints 
throughout the entire match . 

Once in the final four, UCSD was in 
superb position (.IS they were laSi year) 
to win their second national 
championship. After disposing of MIT 
in four games, only third-ranked 
Elmhurst stood in the club's way of a 
perfect season (m Division 1Il). 

But inexplicably, the Tritons were 
sluggish, not capitalizing on their 
opponent's mistakes. Dannevik blames 
the club's mediocre performance on 
finals week, which coincided with the 
tournament . 

"Our final exams hurt us greatly 
because the girls were concentrating on 
finals instead of the championship," 
says Dannevik. "Historically, this has 
always been the case. We play fabulous 
before finals week and not up to our 
potential during and after finals." 

Last year the Tritons were faced with 
the same dilemma, because the 
tournament (held in Triton Pavilion) 
was played at the tail end of finals 
week. But Dannevik did not blame 
academics for that setback as he 
admitted that La Verne was bener on 
that particular night. 

The Triton coach was not nearly as 
generous in regards to Elmhurst. "I am 
st ill tremendously disappointed ," says 
Dannevik. "This loss was much harder 
to accept than last year's, because we 
were the best team in the nation aD 
season long. I didn't feel as bad last year 
because La Verne was good , but 
Elmhurst wasn't good enough to win, 
but they did ." 

Dannevik, who is a very emotional 
coach, said afterwards that he would nOl 
have done anything different in 
preparing his team to bce the victors . 
"After the match , Mike Hipp and I 
talked about If we had the chance, 

---------1 
SPECIAL: 

% PRICE ' : 
HAIRCUTS!: 

WItII n. COIIIHMI I 
& ...... 1116/84 : 

Ah.t My P.rwI Speciall 
.. ~ _.~A ~ .. F~".\· · ~:#, AI/ d.~ ~ ~~ ,~ ~~ ~f· 

lOamto6pm . ~ 
Tuesday thru Saturday P ...... 

Garner Av . 483-6721 
~cI" ~ I 4288 Ca •• St. 

PB i Call for ApPOltltm~1l1 l _____________________ ~~-______ -~_~_--

would we do anything different. I ,lot 
yeM, the ,mswer would have been yes. 
but [his year the answer was no We 
were much better prepJred this year." 

Although the findls exams theory is a 
bit hard [0 swaUow, UCSD's Lu Lu 
Schwartz, who IS three-time All-
American (which is unprecedented for a 
Division III player), agrees that finals 
did sidetr-ack her and her teammates' 
minds enough to affect their play. "It is 
very difficult to concentrate on practice 
when you have a biology final on your 
mind ." says Schwanz. "Girls were 
leaving practice early to study. and the 
whole week /leading up to the final four 
tourney] we never really pmcticed well ." 

One could tell that UCSD was going 
to be denied the c hampionship trophy 

/'It·"'~ tum II) I'(/g~ H 

Efforts Jrom Debbie Doran and the rest 
oj the UCSD volleyball team were not good 
enough to avoid losing the title game for 
the second year in a row. 

UCSD has bowl games, too 
By KIM HADDAD 

Before we become thoroughly 
engrossed in intramural winter spons, 
due credit should be given to \as( 
quaner's 1M champiOns. In men's MA 
football , last year's champs York Hunt 
Club was upset by Plain Wrap 
Prophylactics in the Animal Bowl 10 
become the new tide holders. The game 
was painfully close , finishing oiL 22-2 L 
In AA, Butt State took the Macrophages 
by a final score of 18-13 in the Banana 
Bowl, again J rather close game. In the 
Soul Bowl (men's single-A) the Patty 
Animals shut Out Bendo~r with a 32-0 
victory, giving them the league 
championship. 

In coed A football , Din won over the 
Despellldos, overcoming the outrageous 
odds of 7,000,000-1 set by the Budman. 
The flnal score in the Soul Bowl was 19-
7 in what might be . if the Budman 
quoted the odds correctly, the upset of 
the millenium. 

In the noor hockt;y flnals , Critters was 

the coed MA champs, beating out 
Captain Dick as well as Blitzkrieg. In 
coed AA, The Aying Tigers beat Rise in 
an explOSive ove nime game, with a flnal 
score of 4-3. Finally, in single-A ac tion , 
Double Secret shut Out the "T" Rule by 
a score of 1-0. 

Although the ultimate frisbee leagues 
got off to a rather slow start, they 
certainly prOVided a round of thrilling 
playoff games. In AA, Better Luck II beat 
out the NO( Ready For AA Players after 
a set of very close and rigorous games. 
In Single-A, Horizontal As Anything 
dove their way to championship status 
as they beat Geo Fishbeck Fan Club in 
an 8-7 OT thriller. 

In the tennis playoffs , the teams were 
very closely matched, giving us some 
incredibly exciting sets. In MA coed, 
Drop Shots squeezed by ~ 'em, 

Lea~ 'em by a 13-12 margin. In AA, Hit 
the BaU beat Third Serve by a score of 

l'it'us(' 'UP11 [(I pu)l.e H 

YOur Fall Quarter 
~rades are 

available in your 
dePartmental 

Mail Box, 



I I 

.'1. 

Is Dannevik too good for UCSD? 
By MIKE GREENBERG 

There seems to be a misconception 
abow coaches at UC D. Many students 
feel that it IS a fairly easy job that takes 
a limited amount of skdl. Maybe they 
are right. After all , one does not need a 
Ph.D. to be a volleyball coa h. All you 
really need is some experience In the 
SPOrt and a linle bit of luck. 

tm, Lv '-- 4 ~ ~ch at UC D like men 's 
and women's volleyBlln '-~ 
Dannevlk, one needs an enormous 
amount of patience. That is D.mnevik's 
downf.lli. He's a bright. arti ulate man 
who obVIously has the Intelligence to do 

a great many things beyond 
mtercollegiate sPOrts. Yet the w,ly he is 
progressIng, Dannevlk will be burned 
out .It an e'lrly age. 

HIS te.lIns h • .II'e been the most. 
successful In the hlslOry at UCSD. For 
the P,lst three years, they have been 111 
the finals of the NCAA Division III 
ch,lmplonships, winning It .Ill in 1981. 
But in the la~t two seas ns. his teams 
>--....ooved well 111 the title 
matches, TliS1'ii! iLl to. ~ in Triton 
PaVIlion last year and Elmhursl thIS 
~ason. Both te.lms were good , 

Doug Dannevlk has the mt.ensity and apparently the ability to coach Jor a DiVISion I school. 

IMPORTANT MEETING 
DEALERS WANTED! 

ATTENTION 
a/l CASINO NIGHT dealers & anyone interested 
in participating in the biggest fun-filled event 
of the year: 

1st MEETING 
for a/l CASINO NIGHT 1984 dealers is Wed" Jan, 
18, at 5 p,m, in the North Conference Room 
(across from EDNA in Student Center). 

IMPORTANT TO ATTEND 
Sign up at OCR at new location (ARC) next to 
Canyonview Pool & Racquetball Center, 

especially III Veme, but UCSD had 
more talem, at least on paper they did . 
The Tritons defeated each club during 
the regular se.15On in a convinCing 
fashIOn, yet when it was time to play for 
,til the marbles, the club played far 
below thclr potential. This can be 
excrutlanng for a coach. Knowing Ihat 
your te.lm has the ability to win a 
championshIp, should win and sitting 
on the sidelines helplessly, w,ltching 
them lose, can be traumatic. Dannevik 

- h'ill rrie:;last momh's loss around with 
1m, even '35 ~'" f'.....,...,~p< rhe men's 

team for the coming season. 
Becduse Dannvei k is a very emotional 

coach, the ldst twO years have been 
taking their loll on his mind and body. 
Like other profeSSionals who had to quit 
their job because of ulcers and coach's 
burn-out Uohn Madden, DIck Vermeil 
.md AI Attles recently), Danncvik IS close 
to bemg one of those c.lsualties unless 
he takes .1 more open approach to rhe 
sporr. 

When talkrng with the Triton head 
coac h, one re,lltzes thar he has .1 
tremendous desire to be the best. He 
demands a lot from his pbyers and in 
relurn , when they lost, he refuses to put 
the blame on them. Bur .It the same 
time, he denies taking any of lhe 
responsibiliry on himself. Excuses are 
Doug Dannevik's trademJrk, which is 
fine for a DIvision II school. His most 
recent excuse was that finals week 
hampered the team so mu h that they 
could not conce ntnlle in practice and 
thus lost to Elmhurst in Ihe finals . 
Dannevlk is already checking the date 

of next year's tournament with the hope 
rhar it arrives a week after finals . He 
even mentioned to me that he was 
rhlnking about requesting the NCAA to 
delay the tourney a week rhe next time 
it comcldes with UCSD's finals. Can you 
imagine the NCAA changing irs entire 
playoff slructure to suit one team's 
schedule? 

This year, D.mnevik fclr that the 
NCAA W.IS agmnst hlln. He couldn't 
understand how his team , being r,mked 
number one ,Ill year, was placed in the 
Mid-Atlami Regional instead of out 

e t. _He was perplexed thaI for the first 
lime In nl .... 'r~ did not 
show proper consideration Tora nult~_ 
one teJm (in the pasr. aU number onc 
Icams were seeded in their own regIOn 
so they did not have to tr,wel). 
Danncvlk W,IS infuri.lted by this. He , 
dlong with Athletic Director Judy Sweet, 
wrote the NCAA III a futile attempt for 
the governing body to recon~ider their 
decision. D,1l1 nevlk expected them to do 
so. They did not, ,md the Triton cO.lch 
screamed bloody murder. 

Consequently, Dannevik blamed the 
trip to Juniata, Pennsylvania, for the loss 
in the finals. "That trip lOok a 101 out of 
us ," said Dannevik "We played our beSt 
b,11l during the trip. but when we came 
back, the girls had to concentrate on 
finals. Allrhe travelling did take a lot out 
of us. We were never rhe same." 

One rhing Dannevik has failed to 
realize IS that this school does not give 
a hoot about intercollegiate spons. Only 
the players and some oj those who work 
in the lA office care about how the 

plea,;" Iw /I to page H 

~ATURDAY, FE::ORUARv 25 
8 PM MAIN GYM 

Running Thoughts 
By JEFF SAVAGE 
WHAT'S GOING ON HERE DEPT. Imagine the emotion of a coach who just lost the 
Super Bowl. It would probably take him months to recover from the heartbreak of 
seeing a year of work fall three hours short of a championship. UCSD volleybaU coach 
Doug Dannevik cannot afford the time. Dannevik's Super Bowl came in the fonn of rhe 
NCAA Division 1lI women's volleybaU championship game a few weeks ago in La 
Verne. The Tritons lost. But Dannevik had to immediately direct his attention to the 
men's squad, which opens play Saturday (versus the Alumni at 6 pm in the Pavilion). 
·We're going to get our bell rung this year, but I'm really excited about the team," says 
Dannevik. Somehow those thoughts do not mix weU, but Dannevik clears it up. "We're 
so young this year that we just can't expect to be very competitive, but we had our best 
recruiting year ever last year, and we've reaDy got some athletes. We used to have 
midgets, but now we have size." Among the "recruits" are: Matt Hunt, a freshman hitter 

. from San Clemente, Doug Stanley, a (;')" hitter with a cannon spiking ann , Orange 
Coast colkge trartsfer Tad Brown and sophomores Mike MitcheU, Scot! Thompson and 
Pat Brienen. In aD there will be 12 sophomores and freshmen on the court along with 
just two seniors_ Veterans Kevin Bateman and Johnny Henderson wiD be looked upon 
to carry the leadership load. But ability alone does nOl make a winner. Anitude and 
desire are important ingredients in a winning formula. Although the season has yet to 
srart, Dannevik is pleased with what he has seen thus far. "In the past we had players 
who thought they were on the tOO cool side. By walking out on the court they thought 
they were reaDy bitchin' I Dannevik saw the movie Valley Girls the night beforel. This 
year we have the type of guys who are willing to stick their nose in there:" .It appears 
that with what the Triton coach says about hIS team and the extremely dIfficult 
schedule they face, this year's win column will be near empty. But having athletes on 
the court with a desire to win , excitement will not be lacking, and surprises may come 
yet. 

NOT TO BE BELIEVED DEPT. Remember the '84 San Francisco riots? A group that 
called themselves the 4ger Faithful poured through City streets by the hundreds, 
tipping over cars with Maryland license plates and worse yet, blowing up cars wirh DC 
plates. They stopped and searched all pedestrians, and those from DC were stuffed 
with yellow flags. All this over some penalty in some football game when some enemy 
receiver fell down and the good 4ger guy was found guilty of pushing him to the turf. 
And to think thIS mess could have been avoided if the officiating crew had an 
opportuniry tb reverse what they must have known (or at least would h.:lve discovered) 
til hI! a poor deciSIon. The use of replays on judgement calls would allow for this. At 
tfl~ 'NFL meetings last year, 15 clubs voted for the use of replays on cruCial Judgement 
calls but 21 were needed for passage. Opponents claimed that a three-hour game 
would become a five-hour marathon with constant interruptions as offiCIals huddle 
around a screen and study controversial plays. Perhaps this may be true if 20 plays 
were checked out in a game. One solution would be to limit each team to twO or three 
replays per game and allow them to 5pt'nd them at t~ir own discretion as they do 
timeouts. It doesn't take more than three minutes to rewind tape and analyze a play 
enough times to make a correct caU. The NFL has already anowed for six television 
tlmeouts a game. Avoiding another dtsaster like the one Sunday is certainly as 

. important as generating revenue. Although replays may lengthen a game by 10 or 15 
minutes, something must be done. On the call in question (actuaUy there were twO bad 
calls in a row), perhaps the officiating crew felt obligated to give the nod on a elose 
caD to the defending champions much the way judges and referees give the edge to 
the boxing champion instead of the chaUenger. Being on Redskin land probably 
helped too. But those are outside forces that the league must deal with separately. Of 
course, the '84 SF riots never reaDy happened, but there are "Wanted-Dead or 
Severely Tortured" posters of the infamous officiating crew hanging on the waUs of 
every bank in the city. If NFL Commissioner Pete RozeUe and Supervisor of NFL 
Officials Art McNally schedule that particular crew to do a 4ger home game next year, 
watch out. The SF Riots may come yet. 

ON THE AIRWAVES DEPT. One of the newest controversies to emerge on televiSIon 
news is just what detennines a good sportscast. Because sportscasters are being hired 
for their good looks, and largely because of technical innovati~ns, today's sportscasts 
are prettier, faster moving, and more comprehenslv~ . But IS It Journahsm? Howard 
Cosell does not think so. He calls local sportscasts a dIsgrace because of their faIlure 
to investigate Important stories in their own back yards. If Cosell's assessment is , 
indeed accurate, then New York's Warner Wolf should be conSIdered the nation s 
supreme "dis&,race." With his use (critics say overuse) of Videotape highlights, Wolf has 
the most entenaining sportscast around . A typIcal Wolf sportscast over WCBS-1V: 
"Yankees 4, Red Sox 2, big crowd at the stadium tonight, Guidry over Hurst...Let's go to 
the videotape ... Sixth inning, Winfield barting, Randolph on first, BOOM! Out of here. 
2-zip Yanks ... Seventh inning, Griffey on second , Wynegar Singles to center, Armas 
throws home and THEY CALL HIM OUT! Boo of the week for that call . Gimme a 
break. OK, Mets 7, Pirates 5 in Pittsburgh ... Let's go to the videotape ..... Four fast-paced 
minutes of highlighrs, humor and off-the-waD observillions beam over New York City 
TV screens twice a night, five nights a week (plus every Fnday mornmg for a national 
audience on the CB morning news). Wolf is the first to admit that this is not 
journalism at all . "Hey, I'm a performer," he said while in San Francisco recently to 
promote his book (entitled appropriately, Gimme ~ Break). ~l kno~ my, spons, and 
you've got to know your stuff to do your act. But I m not a Journaltst , I m a peformer-
whether I like it or not." Wolf was billed as the eventual successor to Howard CoseU 
when ABC plucked him out of Washington to put him in the .booth with Bob Prince 
and Bob Uecker to fonn its first Monday Night Baseball rew m 1976. The triO lacked 
chemistry, and Wolf was soon in search for another job. He landed a spot on ABC's 
College Footbdll Scoreboard, where he was badly miscast. When hIS contract expIred, 
he went local again , hiring on with WABC III New York and takmg over the number-
one market in the country. His salary reached $500,000 a year, but he made front page 
headlines in the Big Apple in 1980, by jumping to rival WCBS. WCBS suddenly 
became the top-rated news station in New York and has remained so. When It ~,omes 
to televiSion sportscasting as entertainment, Warner Wolf should be conSIdered state 
of the art." 

NEXT QUESTION PLEASE DEPT. Monday's question: Two weeks ago, the Minnesota 
North Stars of the NHL scored a goal without actuaUy putting the puck in the net and 
without the opposing team's putting the puck into its own net aCcidentally. How did 
they score? Answer: The opposing goalie was removed from the ice and on a Nonh 
Star breakaway, the player with the puck was tripped. The referee awarded a gOoll to 
Minnesota. Today's question: Did the Pittsburgh Steelers and rhe t. Louis Cardinals 
ever merge? If so, how long did the merger laS!, what was the re,lm caUed, and what 
was its records? Answer in Monday's Issue. 

IT TAKES A BEnER 
GRADE CALCULATOR TO 

GET A BEnER GRADE 
HEWLETT 
PACKAROI--I -

$57.50 sugg. retaH 570.00 

$73.95 sUoo. retaH SQO.OO 
• Programmable 
• Advanced EngineerIng and 

Statistical Functions 
• 203 Program Lines 
• 21 storage registers 
• RPN logic, continuous memory, 

and 1O-dlglt LCD dIsplay, 

HP-15C 

$98.50 sugg. retail S120.00 
• Programmable 
• Computer Science Functions 
• Blnary/Octal/Declmal/ 

Hexadecimal ConV91SIons 
• 203 Program lines or 101 16-blt 

data registers 
• 1 's and 2's complement unsigned 

modes 
• Boolean AND, OR, NOT, XOR 
• RPN logic, continuous memory, 

and 1O-dlglt LCD dIsplay. 

HP-41C 

$159.95 
sugg. retail $195.00 

• Programmable 

• ProgramrTlC:lQle 
• Engineering and Statistical 

Functions 
• 79 Program Steps 
.10 Constant Memories 
• RPN logic, contInuous memory, 

and 1 CklIgIt LCD dIsPlay, 

HP-11C 

$98.50 sugg. retail $120.00 
• Programmable 
• Advanced EngIneering and 

StatistIcal Functtons 
• Matrix Operations 
• Solve and Integrate 
• Complex Functions 
.448 Program Lines 
• RPN logIc, continuous memory, 

and 1 Ckllglt LCD display, 

HP-16C 

• CNer 130 advanced functions 
• 400 program lines 
• Alpha numeric display 
• Expandable to 2C(X) program lines 
• Optional printer/plotter, cald reader, optical wand 

HP-41CV and HP-41CX available alSO. 

IIIIIVEIISIIY lIaaliS 
COIIPUTER CENTER 

Unlvers'1y of callfomla, San Diego 
La Jolla, callfomla 92093 

452-4291 



"'1'01{ ,.., 
" . '. ':X~ . 

. . . 

I 

,...':'CllaSlleS offered Winter Quarter .'~~I4-oIto-"""-1 __ ~-4-_~ 
P,E. 120/ Sportlln America (4 units) 

WfINF. 1-1 :50. course code 3605. APM 3305 
Instructor: John (Jack) Douglass 

P.E. 160 / Exercise Physiology (4 units) 
MTWTh. 9-9:50, course code 3606. APM 2250 
Instructor: James White 

P.E. 160l / Exercise Physiology Lab (2 units) 
T. 6-9 pm. course code 4669. small gym rm. 17 1----11---+- + 
Instructor: James White 

, 

that w'" be offered Spring 19~i==::t::=i1 
P.E. 170 / Psychological Basis of Sports a 
Physical Activity (4 units) 
Lecture and Lab 
Jnstructor: Ann Jones 

P.E. 160l / exercise Physiology Lab (2 units) 
Instructor: James White 

Problem. 
You're going bananas, After years of study, theory 
and philosophy, you're ready to apply your 
knowledge in a meaningful career. What 10 do? 
Where to look? 

January 20, Friday, 8 p.m. 
Mandeville Aud. $2.00 

MAl/Basic Four Information Systems - a leading 
designer and manufacturer of small to medium size 
business systems. 

Immediately, you'll begin your career with 
technical challenge and opportunities. Your responsibility 

will increase as fast as you show your ability to handle it. 
We'll help you continue to grow through our on-site 

advanced degree programs and 100 percent 
tuition reimbursement. 

On Campus Interviews 
January 25 

Contact your Placement Center for more information. 

Basic Four 
Information Systems 

14101 New My/ord Road, Tustin, CA 92680 
Equal Opportunity Employer MI F 

Volleyball 
,.>lIIIII".-tI /""" I"'.~" II 
when Ihey blew the fIrst game of the 
title match (15-10) after leading 7- 1. As 
the comest progressed, the Trilons 
.llw.l)'s In'lI1.lge<.l to r.lil behin<.l berore 
IllLlkmg .1 run .11 Elmhur t. Game rwo 
was.slIlld,lr to gal11(, rour, UCSD laillng 
behllld by live , onl), to tie the score at 
II , berore los ing 15-11. Game Ihree was 
won by UC D l5 -9, .md when the 
Tritonscame back frolll ,I se~cn point 
dcl'Clt In gJme four to tie the score .It 
13, D.mnevik throughl the girls would 
be victOriOUS. "At Ihat point , I thoughl 
we h.ld an exceUent chance or winning. 
We had Ihe mOlllentum , and if we had 
come bJck to win , I know we would 
have won it all," said Dannevik. 

. BUI Elmhursl rose to the occ,lsion by 
wlnmng the next rwo points and the 
ch,unpionship. And the only feeling 
Dannevik. was lefl with . was that or the 
frustration of h,lVing 10 wait another 
ye.lr ror what now must seem a vinuaUy 
unattainJble n,lliondl championship, 

Dannevik 
"I/ilIIIIH ',I'/,OIlI I ''',~' 12 
teams progress. D,mnevik is acting toO 
much like a DiVISion I coach, ,md thJt 
is killing him. He has to slow down . He 
IS only a pail-lime employee, making 
less th.ln a cLlsh ter Jt Carl's Jr., and 
working for an institution that 
deemphaslzes collegiate spons. 

It IS time for Dannevik to leJve UCSD 
in r.lVor of a DiviSion I school. He hJS 
the pt)tenri,ll to be ,In outstanding big-
time co,lCh. At a UCLA or USC, lor 
example, Dannevik's personality would 
better suit Ihe school. They would want 
him to win desperately, .lnd he would 
relurn the rdvor by doi ng so . He would 
scream bloody murder, and those ,II the 
NCAA would h,lVe to li sten. He would 
have the power and leverage that he has 
always coveled. He could recruit the 
best ,uhlelcs in the country and budd a 
progrdm rtt,ll he has always dre<lmed 
,Iboul. H,s le,lms undoubtedly would 
Win , as Dannevlk has always won at 
every level he has been instructing. and 
he would lin<lUy be compensated 
f1n,lIlcially for doing so. 

It would be a great loss for UCSD if 
D.mnevik decided to Icave, but the 
school would ,ldjust. They always h.lVe . 
Winning is nOt Ihe most Import<lnt 
thing, panicipatlon IS. Dannevik has 
never re'lUy understood this and he 
should not be expected to . Any c(Mch 
with pride WLlntS to do whatever it rakes 
to win. But at UC D, th.lt I not a 
permissible attitude. 

D,tn nevik has to m,lke ,I decision 
about hiS rUlure In co,lching. lie c,mnor 
sere.lm .It the M ror every inJuSlice ; 
he has 10 5101' being so ciem,mdlng or 
hi S pl,l}'ers, ,md he h,ls to deemph,lsize 
hiS ~trong deSire to \\'111 if he is going to 
lit in wllh Ihe U SD phdo~oph)' or 
IIlIl'fcollcglatc sPOrts (sec Intramur,11 
h.lndh()ok). OthctWI~e It is time th,lt 
,mother school re,lp thl benefits 01 his 
coac'h,ng cxpcnbe . 

Intramurals 
IIlll/ llI'"'" /"' 111 I " '.~\ II . 
18-17 

The \I',IICr polo pl'lyons g.lVe u., Ihe 
Siuing Ducks ,lg.lln~t Ihe F1oalies. II'lIh 
thc Ducks bCl:ol1lll1g the new AM 
(·h.llnps 1'1,1 .1 l) J viclory. In AA. the 
Dorks bc.1l Pump Twice and Shoot 111 ,I 
12-1 U)l1le~1. LISI but prob.lbl), IC.l51, 111 
dlJrlll Ic.lguc aUIOIl. C-Men and Women 
Ol'l:n:,II11C Ih~ F1otalion Devices to 
becomc Ihe 1<"lgue Ch,lIll P~ . 6-5. 

!-tn.llly. in the volic)'b,11I "11.115. Ihc 
Balboa Club be,ll out the Killer Koalas 
111 th rec tough g,1Ine5 to t,lke t he men '~ 
open II tie. In AA, RIP be.1( The Ultimate 
Momes to d.lim the crown. In Single-A, 
Long Liquid Farts 5W('pt 
Begahraftrgan(?) In two gJmes for a 
quick victory. 

All in ,I II , il W,IS ,In exciting round of 
pl'lyolT g,1I1lCS 111 aU pons and 
diVISions. Congratul,ltions to ,III thc 
ch,lInplons who h,we now e,lrned 
Ihemselves a highly enVied position in 
the 1M p'l"turc Hall of P,lInc. 

TRAVEL 

<::N£RSEAS JOBS - S4Jrnrra/vea IOUnd Europe,S. 
1vrBI .. Australia. AlIa. AlIIIeIdI. S5OO-S1200 monthly. 
SlghI1eelng. ffee Info. WIlle oc. Box 52-CA 19, 
Corona Del Ma, CA 92625. (1/12) 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
SalIorII ~ watchlng 180lOI'1 Is heref UCSO SaIling 
Club meets at the ree oenler pallo Thurs. at 6:00. 
(1/12) 
Studv Groups roN forming atGroundwolk BookstOl9 
In UCSD Studenl Cenler, beg. Jon. 16. I!road range 
socialist topics: IBmInIsm. world hunger. currenl 
IssueI. ec:onomcs. people's cult\Jre, theory eX the 
collective, etc. Noo-hierarchlcol format, fIeeI 452-
9625, or come 10 ourTGF Ffl. Jon. 13.4:JO.<x30pm. for 
morelnla (1/12) 
Madcae amounces !her 0IIQI1abil1ty eX Research 
Grontllor groduate studenllin the heoIIh caefietd 
Including: Public Health, Medicine. Dentillry, 
Nursing. Public Admlnlstrotlon, Psychology, 
Sociology and EconomIcs. Submission Deodlne: 
March 1. 1984. WItte: Madcae Reeearch and 
Educational Foundation. 11633 Howlhorne 
Boulevard Haw1horne. CA 90250. (1/12) 
1I<E "aternlty accepting girls os "little slslers" . 
Meeting: Pelenon Hall (3rd) rm 103, Th. Jon 12. 7-8. 
(1/12) 
i'ledentol studenlS old and new: Come to Predenl 
CUb meeting Men at 3:00 In R'welle Infofmol 
LoungEl. (1/12) 
Dar! yo..x way Inlo lhe New Yea w/ Nollce 10 
~. Warren ApI. Cui de Soc Fri. the 13th - 9 pm. 
(1/12) 

One Hundred dollas'lInt priZe! ReveIte Tolent show 
Feb. 1 In the cole. CatI453-9S39or45MJ669. (1/17) 
Get on liege and mokelOmII bucksl R-'Ie Tolenl 
Show Feb. 1 I.0Il eX PrIz .. " (1/17) 

LOST Be FOUND 
Found: Calculator In US8 2310 Call Paul 755-3715. 
(1/19) 

SherW Calculus book lor sole. Brand-new perfect 
concJtlon. $20. Jc7{ 481-2863. (1/12) 
Moped. Vespa Ciao lor sole. has 1400 mI - good 
concItlon. CoIIOk:rt 274-8265 (1/12) 
Futons bedI and frames. Joponese style. Also 
beouIlflJl handmade pillows. comforters and CO\I8IS 
eX 100\ colton Use fof both bed and couch. 
Extremely corrtofloble. Golden Moon Futon 274-
4574. (1/12) 
1969 VW Fastback. rebuMI engine, tronsmisllon 
(automatic) good condilion 51200 coil 438-2475 
atIer 6 pm (1/12) 
EECS/ moth book lor sale - currenl classes cotl 295-
2285. (1/12) 
Tennis racket new DoIIls professionl great decl call 
45!>-1518 Fernondo asap. (1/12) 
78 Datsun King cab pickup 5-speed. cossette, 85CXXJ 
miles. SJ(XX) cr beSt. MileS 452-6954. 272-8110 (1/19) 
Waterbed King. 12 aower, s10inecl gloss and mirror 
heodboad. podded roils. 5600 . .Jett. ~0267. 452-
2617. (1/16) 
77 Puch MaxI. molor pertect. else good, cleon. 

Winter Quarter 1984 
Looking for a Coune7 
Try USP 105 (Urban Studies & Planning} 

USPl0S 
Tu/Th. 2:()(} 3:20 pm 
HSS 2333 (Muir} 
Instructor: Dr. Lawrence H~ 
Urban Studies and Planning Facu 
Pt1or1e x3691 

lhis course ~als with some of the 1io",,"1 ..... probfe(ns and poIi<y 
i~ facing the 2.000 mile u.s.- 'can ~ regkln. 
including: immigration. economic de\ielopment. environmental 
pollution. narcotics. smuggling, dty plamlng problems. with a 
focus on the San Diego-Ttluana area. 

Affirmative Action Policy 
"In accordance with applicable state and federal laws, 

and university policy, the University of California does not 
discriminate in any of its policies, procedures, or practices 
on the basis of race, color, national origin, religion, sex, 
sexual orientation, age, veteran status, medical condition (as 
defined in Section 12926 of the California Government 
Code), ancestry, or marital status, nor does the University 
discriminate on the basis of citizenship with the limits 
imposed by law or university policy." 

In conformance with applicable laws and university 
policy, the university is an affirmative action/ \!qual 
opportunity employer. 

Inquiries regarding the University'S equal opportunity 
policies may be directed to the campus affirmative action 
officer, (619) 452--6861.. 

5150/clfer/lrode lor good 1(}speed. Coil Scol at 
453-6719. (1/12) 

HOUSING 
CIoIrernont <NO. (MIn room $220/month pIuS 
utUffies. 272-5388 (night) 452-6967 (dOV). AIIOIIobIe 
no.vl (1/12) 
Room for renl at Del Mer, hca everythjng including 
dNct occea 10 the troln trock. beach. Night time 
please 756-6773 Luven or Lowrance. (1/12) 

WANTED 
Int_lISted In C<lrTl'UtllB? Con-pJIer occeuory 
company needs shipping! gen cIfIce clerk 25 
tn/wit ReQU'lI5 IHe typing &. ca. Call Lyne41e 01 
'!GIl Enterprises - 755-8324. (1/19) 
Roommate: 2bd opl. on bch In N. Mssn. $185 shore 
room Serious student only. COli 277-1842. 

SERVICES 
WorctNrlghts for quality word processing. Fast drolls 
and letter perfect finals. 481 -8395 (2/9) 
Typing. word processing, tope Iranscripllon. Quality 
work at reasonobie rates. La Jolla. Sand\!. 459-5818, 
(1/30) 
Improlle Term PapeB. Theses. Ten years """'Ing sop, 
two Mos. degr8es. Word ~. Flo, 45G-1868. 

LNWANTED HAIR REMCNED PERMANENTL V near 

compus. La Jolla Prolesslonol Cenler, 8950 V~1o La 
Jolla Dr. S4JHe 116O-C CoIl fofoppl453-7040. (6/7) 
Term papers -~ - dissertations. Low rat ... fait 
MJIIIice. f'IO.Type. 454-6860. La Jolla. (6/7) 
Typing services fo< student/foculty. theses, 
monuscrIpts. books - 1Q VIS eocp. Catl RobIn. 571-
6982. (1/12) 
fast, ocCUfate. hlgh-QuOlily. some dOV 1ypjng 
service neor UCSD. 16 yeas awperIence. CoIl Fery 
452-1393. (1/23) 
E>operIenced. occurote IypIng fof papers. t'-. 
proposals. Quick tumaound and reasonable rat ... 
La Jolla IIIIofd processing. 76UJ Fay /We, Sial 45l>-
0116. (1/12) 

PERSONALS 
Wondering how Reagan gels 0W0f with ~ all? Ale 
you asking yourself aboul world hunger? Inflation? If 
we need 01 those bornb&? rood obouI-am?~you 
ore and ore looking for OIternatlvet. then come 10 
one eX Grounctworl<·s free sIucIy groups beg. Jon. 16. 
Talk 10 others who feel the some. 452-9625. (1/12) 
Enter lhe Muir Prog Boord IrMa cent ... piles Ibo In 
MOM COllege center slay tuned for bv-monlhly 
QUIzzes-Qu1z lIone??7/ 1s1 10 submH coorect 
answers wins. Q. In Felix the Cat - who was 
Rockbottom?-( 1/12) 
Dealers Wonted 'or CasIno Night. Generat ~ 
1/'8 In North Conterence Room at 500 poi (1/12) 
frighten '(OOIf parents I Leom 10 fly with the UCSD 
SocrIng Club. Instructor's lime tree 10 UCSD students. 
staff & 'acuity, Call Alan. 566-7405 for more info. 
(1/12) 
Casino Night I AlllnterMted deoIor$comefo general 

~ng 1/18 at 500 pm In the North CorI. Rm. 
(1/12) 
BlackJack. Crops. Poker, Roulette. Deoicrs wontedlll 
(1/12) 

of the 80's 
Live Band! 

Ree. Gym 
Saturday 

$1 
8:00 p.m. 

Undergraduate $tudent GRANTS 
NEED CASH for a research project?? Have to buy saline 
infusion stomach tubes for your lab experiment, but don't 

. have the funding? 
Apply for an Undergraduate Student GRANT (formerly 

SCURI). You are eligible if you fall within these guide lines: 

• project of an academic nature 
• sponsored by a UCSD faculty member (which we 

can help you loca te) 
• individually initiated! 
(Grants are not awarded for required course work.) 

DEADLINE for Winter Quarter: Tuesday, January 17, 
Noon. Turn into the U$ GRANTS Office. 

Please call our office at 452·3917 or stop by during office hours. 
We are located on the second floor of the Student Center. 



Now: Copy cassette tapes yoursel1-any length Fast: Copy a one-hour 
cassette in less than 2 minutes. SImple: Easy as xeroxing a letter Inexpen-
.... : Our remarkably low price includes the Rezound Copy Cassette n. 
Accurate: Guaranteed perted monaural copIes. every time. Versatile: 
Make 1. 2. 3 . or 100 COPIes of' lectures. seminars. language labs. meet-
ings. college classes. sermons. sales messages. weddings. interviews. talk-
mg letters, farruly events. relaxation. word-processmg data & comput-
er programs 

12C2OlND 
CASSETTE COPYING CENTERS 

UIlIVERSIT'Y BaaliSTDRE 
f:I7~lJUT~R r$PTFP ~_mJ ~_&I _____ =-nL .. n 

Universit¥ of California, San Diego 
---452-4291---

----------------

-------------------

Parking Information 
Unless you feed a meter 
no matter where on 
campus you must have a 
parking permit. Student 
US" permits are available 
from the Central 
Cashier's Office, 401 
Warren Campus, between the hours of 9:00 
a.m. and 3:00 p.m., Monday through Friday. 
The cost of an US" permit is $45.00 and is 
good through June 30th, 1984. 

STUDENT PERMITS ARE ONLY VALID 
IN YELLOW STRIPED SPACES. 

If you have any questions about parking or 
are interested in joining a carpool or vanpool 
or getting information on San Diego or North 
County Transit, stop by the Parking & 
Transit Systems' Office at 400 Warren 
Campus or give us a call on campus extension 
4223, (452-4223). 

. Utopian Communities and 
. "The Sociological 

Imagination" 
Imagine you are taking a 
course which explores the 

plans for ideal communities as 
they have been formulated in 
Europe and America ... Picture 

yourself in a classroom 
discussing utopian schemes 
and "dream" societies as the 

prod uct of fixed views of 
human nature. The question 
of social analysis vs. social 
"engineering" is suddenly 

clarified as you WAKE UP and 
SIGN-UP for SOCIOLOGY 190 

with Professor Grana this 
Winter Quarter. There is still 
room in the course for you and 
your ideal ideas! 
Monday, 3-4:50 pm 
BB 2103 



I 2 . 

. ~. 
poro meno 

~. 

1 
2 
J 

Poco moto (J 
4..- '-

pp 
• 
• 

. = 60) 

= --= 
- ------+-~---­

_---t-+-:.a+-::~ 

JI L-.. __ --' L 

. . 

An Arts MagazIne -Serving,the UCSD unity 
Vol. 5 • No. 1 .an. 12. 1984 

After 200 years 
Ludwig has his 
day at UCSD 

t 

cresc. 

S Ii 

L--____ "-

= -

It. II 2. 

• 
• 

• 
• 



• .> 

The."..ne 
otthe '8Os 

r.a. 
AnIW.w mLiK 

AlII : ... ArtI EiMGr 
JO'" I'IU 
...... 

i 

PlIKE Aftn. JAn BUS· 
1AUr:R. cnnmornEIl CAnOlL 
JON! r'OIISIIUG.lOtA Ill. PI.S. 
IRJI'II' (<iMIaIIIIg). PAUL ... 
.JOIfIS. CL YOmE nEr: 

~eJ·'" 
~ertI .... 4U·.JMI 

tfi.'n Is ptlblltltal eftry 
T1IundIy 01 tile IChooI Jar IS • 
supplr.ul 10 Ille UCSD 
WAIIIIM. ItIproductIoII or lilt 
wItIIoIIIllrfttel palliIIIoa 01., 
partial 01 tills ....... Is • _ 
110. We wek_ uuolkl~ 
Idtm. _lIUJtripb 1l1li IItIIUrk. 
!lui _ no ~blllt, ,." 
tile !'fturll of SllCII . Send 
IIIfonuUoe 10: 

tfl.4M 
&() 16. U Jolla 

~. 9209l 

AM thaI s I~ fact. Jackl 

Contents 
Coyer: The San Diego 
Symphony makes history at 
UCSD with the Beethoven 
Sonatas and Concertos In their 
entlretJ. The featured soloist for 
these performances will be the 
renowned pianist John UII. See 
story on page 4. 

illig bay coac:ert ........ . pagel 
Cedi Lytle, 1be OCSD Gospel Choir 

aDd the Music Depannent will present a 
special concert Sunday In honor of Dr. 
Martin Luther King. 

Dance: ...... . ........ . ... ,..! 
lAIr J..ubovitch and company .return 

to ucso this weekend alter an ext£nded 
absense to perform the last word In the 
latest dance steps. 

Chinese Circus ........... page5 
, lbe Chinese Magic Circus will 
astound with acrobatic acts of agility 
Wednesday In Mandeville 

l'Iovie Keriew page 6 
CioI .. On page 7 

. ~t Is a Stale Screw? 
Why Is there a Co. Uft· 

in the Weiss Center? 

Be a part of the active ana exciting backstage 
life at the new Weiss Theatre and earn credit 
for it too! <You'll also learn the answers to 

those vital questions). 

Enroll in these classes meeting in the beautiful 
and profeSSional quality studios of the Weiss 

Center for the Performing Arts: 

Drama 102 4 units 
Scenery & Properties construction 

Drama 103 4 units 
Costume and Accessory construction 

Drama 104 4 units 
Stage Ughting preparation 

Contact the Production Manager in the Drama 
Department for detailed information. 452-

4776, HL 2550. 

2 "..... January 12, 1984 

Start the new year 
write for H1ATUSI 

If you are interested in writing about paintings, 
books, television. . exhibits, concerts, dan~e, 

-perfoimance · art, mOvies, lectures, poetry, 
recitals, or anything else vaguely resembling arts 
or entertainment around UCSD then Hiatus is 
interested in you. No experience is necessary to 
become part of the ·world famous and poverty 
stricken Hiatus staB: The opportunity of a lifetime 
is staring you right in the face. Take action now. 
Get involved, get a job, get a haircut and geJ an 
attitude. 

New Wllters Meedal 
PrIcIay, JUlaary 13th 

at llam and 3pm 

The meeting wID be held at our plush ofBces 
located In the GuardIan Towers next to the Che 
Cafe. If you are Interested In writing for HIatus, 
but by some act of God you are unable to attend 
please caD Andrew or John at 452-3466. 

"Life is not for everybody. but Hiatus is" 

January 13, Friday, 8:00 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 

UCSD Sr. $6.00. G.A. $10.00 
UCSD Fac/Staffiorher Sr: &. Sr. $8.00 

UCSD Boll Office or Ticketron: 452-4559 
Presented bv the Univenitv Events Office. 

Cecil Lytle: for love :of music and memories 
Different styles 
have kept him 
fresh and alive 

By SIJS.VfI COML 
A "fantastic plano pIa)'lec": 

Indeed, music Is his passion. 
Cecil Lytle's comfortably 
elegant oIIIce Is dominated by a 
shiny grand plano. Lytle's race 
lights up when he discusses his 
work: It Is tMf to see that he 
lewes teaching and performing. 
especially Innovative music. 

·When Uked how he chose a 
musical career, Lytle smiles and 
says, "It selected me.H. I 
stopped drinking mother's milk 
and sWUd playing." Cedi 
begin "plunking" at the age of 
f1ve. Perhaps by now, one would 
think that he would be tJred of 
his art. On tM contrary the 
dynamJc quality of music makes 
him enthuse: "If you can't like 
the way music is now, watt a few 
YellS, and It will change." 

Music's dynamism is one of 
Lytle's chief reasons for 
ctIoy1ng it: he loves the ever-
changing. vital aspect of the art. 
I!speclally in America music Is 
always ~, and Lytle contends 
that lJCSI) Is at the fm-ef'ront of 
the f1e1d. 

Lytle does not prefer one kind 
of music to others. He was once 
told he has "eltMr too much 
taste or not enough:' He plays 
primarily cla!slcaJ and jazz at 
his concerts but eqJoys all 
varieties. He does. however, 
mention a few outstanding 
names. rm- his Music 4 class he 
has been playing a lot of 
lJeethewen. whole work has 
always been I love affU' of 
Lytle's. But It Is Alelander 
Scrlabln who has Iitely 
captured most of his attaltlon: 
Lytle Is recording some of 
ScrIabln's work 011 soon-to-be-
released album. ScrIabIn was I 
RussIan mystic who tried to 
develop an Instrument that 
would play like a plano and emit 
m1m- and odm-. The Instrument 
was 'neva' realized, but the 
artist's work Is the basis fm-
multFmedla arts. Scrlabln's 
Innovation naturally atbac:ts 
Lytle because of Ita tfahnea 

The same newness Is part of 
the Amerk:an theme, m- ethos. 
of "coming of age." Lytle says. 
"Innovation Is the backbone of 

American society, American ind In performing. He says tJe 30,000 peopJe at festivals arid in 
culture." ror this reason. he and his colleagues In the the hundmts It contemporary 
admires Gershwin, ~lIIngton Department "share the need to concerts. yet In spite of the 
IIICI Charles Ives. who he says communicate:' He hoIcIs that gIamorofhlslifeaslperformer, 
molded AmerIcan music. Lytle the Music Department. "ke the he e.", his Music 4 and Music 
once pIa)'led with Chet Atkins. other arts departments at UCSD. 6 classes as much as the 
whole music he describes as Is at the forefront of Ita kid concerts: he speaks of the 
"fun." He says. "Tbere's becluse of Its members' claBs with glowing enthu· 
sometIIIng very special about enthusllsm and talent Tbe sWIll, which he Imparts to the 
the American SOUDd:' faculty Is r.Jr1y evenly divided listener. 

His dlslikes10111yBerllozand between composers and ijtIe spent a creative year IS 
the less IlUIOYItive punk rock. pelfonllCI3. but the artists want c halrmln of the Music 

. BerlIOI, Lytle sa)'S. was very IIIOI'e than publk glory: they Department, his reign ending 
bright but wrote one song love to teach. and they Ieam July of this year. One pet prqlect 
several times. Punk WIS witb the studaa. at the moment Is a unique 
"primitive, lean and charming" Lytle. for ewnple. performs concert scheduled for rebruary 
at lint - Its foundas were In concerts throughout the )'IeII" 22 nen year. The concert is rare, 
geniuses - but has degener- and frequently tours ~ In because It will feature faculty 
ated ewer the last three years to the Sl.llUller. In 1980 he pIa~ ' and students playing world· 
Innocuous repetition. The new f .. Princess Anne. He won PIr!t premiere pieces by three UCSD 
and Innovative Is ever likeable. Prize at the rran! Liszt composers. The concerts s~ 
but Lytle Is contemptuous of the International Piano Competi- that music Is developing and 
hICkne)'led and dull. ' tion II 1970 and has received changing within UCSO's very 

All these varieties of music numerous other awards. His IIalls: we do Indeed have an "art 
give Lytle pleasure In teachlnq aucUences number as many as department of Its time:' 

Concert offers 
ideals and spirit" 
oIM.I. King 

By JOM rOISKRG 
On the anniversary of his 

birth. the Reverend Dr. Martin 
Luther lUng. Jr. Is remembered 
as an Inspllational leader who 
fought not only for black civil 
liberties but also for the 
ccwclence of all humankind, 
The spirit of lUng's high Ideals 
and aspirations is kept alive on 
the UCSD campus. by Dr, Cecil 
Lytle of the Music Department. 

On Sunday at 8 pm in 
Mandeville Auditorium the 
UCSD Department of Music will 
present the ninth annual 
Commemorative Concert in 
honor of Martin Luther King. Jr. 

This celebration of King's 
contributions to the world 
features the ~volce UCSD 
Gospel Choir directed by the 
Reverend Glenn Jones 
performing the spirituals 
PredOU5 Lord Take My nand 
and Amazing Grace. Also on the 
program Is a contemporary 
electronic musical piece written 
by the Internationally renowned 
composer Jojl Yuasa, a member 
of the UCSD music faculty. lbe 
keynote address · will be 
delivered by former Gospel 
Choir director the Reverend 
Joseph L Slade. UCSD's Martin 
Luther King. Jr. scholarships, 
awarded to students who 
demonstrate commitment to 
human needs, will be presented. 

'" hope that this concert 
helps us to remember the fact 
tha t those issues KI ng 
approached toward the end of 
his life were expanded to the 
human condition around the 
world and In various conteJts:' 
explains the concert's 
coordinator, Dr. Lytle. ''Thecivil 
rights movement will be 
remembered In the 21st 
century. not only as a 
movement of black AmerIcans. 
but of all AmerIcans. It makes a 
statement of how civilized 
people should behave toward 
one another whether tbe Issues 
are racism, sexism, or 
classicism." 

The concert Is free and open 
to UCSD students and the 
general public as part of the 
ongoing Martin Luther King 
:elebrition. 

See Our Convenient 
U.C.S.D. Locationl 

SCARPIAS" Restaurant 
welcomes you with a back. to school special 

r-lJCSD Happy Hour 3 - 7 pm every day-
Draft Beer - 75¢ Well Drinks - $1.00 
48 oz. pitcher - $2.90 Mixed Well - $1.25 

(BY Samson's) 
La Jolla Vlrlage Convenience Center 

..-------I:STUDENr DISCOUml:~ 64 oz. pitcher - $4.00 . Margarita - $1.50 L..-------free hors d'oeuvres--------J 
plus . So" Conflict UIUe.t .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .... $18 (Complete wltll Exlm ad Follow-Up) • 

• fxtended Wear uua ... ~. . . . . . . . . . . . . . $80 
(Complete wltll Eum and Follow-UP) 

• Contemporary l'raIna ............... 1.5% orr 

. Special (or UCSD' 
Gyros sandwich $2.50 or Gyros Plate $3.50 

Prtsmt this ad or your UCSD I,D. for th~ sp«i41 prices th,.., 1·31. 

Dr. Jeffrey Aasbel 
Dr. nicholas Green 457-1200 

Also featuring daily luncheon specials - $3.95 
and dinner specials· $5.95. 
(~st side Of' the La Joua Village MaD) 

fruent Thb Ad WIth Stlldent I.D, 8657 Villa La Jolla Dr., Suite 213, La Jolla .55-105. 
.Janlary 12, 1984 II,.",. :5 



There are many categories of 
musical pieces - symphony. 
concerto. cantata and 50 on -
that ~n be IdentlHed by all 
sorts of technical Information 
learned. or at. least taught. In 
music courses. But the number 
of movements a particular piece 
of music Is suppoSed to have is 
not very interesting and not 
very Informative about the real 
nature of the work. 

What Is important about each 
genre is that through it the 
composer tries to explore the 
limits. or limitlessness. of one 
instrument. or a combination, 
in its environment of time and 
space. Thus a symphony, 
besides being an expression of 
the composer's musical ideas. is 
his effort to expand the range of 
what 80 musicians, individually 
and in concert. can accomplish 
through an extended piece in a 
large sound range. The. same 
experimentation is true in a 
suite for a quartet, except the 80 
instruments are reduced to four 
and the large hall is replaced by 
a chamber. 

Su ccess in invention 
measures a composer's stature. 
and that is why 8eethoven is one 
of our most important 
composers. H-e - is also 
characterized by persistence, 
and over 26 years he wrote 32 
piano sonatas to try to get 
closer to the limit of the 
instrument and, in tum, the 

The SO Symphony gives a gift to 
UCSD - Beethoven's SODatas 

I~nt as Beethoven was. 
There Ire six concerts 

remaining In the series at 
Mandeville. wlttl ., repeat 
performances. and' they fall on 
the next two Saturdays and 

player. Invention and 
persistence also Identify the 
memorable musician. and this 
month John UII Is playing all 
8eethoven 's piano sonatas and 
all five of his piano concertos. 
something which has never 
been done in history (or for that 
matter anywhere else). 

UII is taking the whole labor 
in stride. which is probably 
more than can be said for 
whoever is in charge of the 
8eethoven Festival. who faces 
the greater trial. if UII falls sick. 
of finding .3 7 pianists to replace 
him. or 38 if one counts the 
Fantasy for Piano. Chorus and 
Orchestra. However. such a 
disaster is unlikely, as UII is 
deep in a regimen of Swedish 
exercises and avoidance of high 
living. which is not to say that 
concert pianists are any more 
given than the rest of us to sloth 
and dissipation. although 
perhaps they are. 

Mandeville will be the hall for 
all the piano sonatas, and if this 
were not a musically historic 
event it would still be of 
unchallenged importance to 
UCSO. The malicious myth that 
UCSD is a cultural backwater, 

By ~ MLrII rMr 
stili held by a half-dozen 
8erkeleyltes - three of them 
blind and three of them deaf -
Is permanently quashed by the 
opportunity to hear within the 
university a musician. one 
internationally famous for his 
playing the sonatas, perform 
every one of them. The myth 
that La Jolla Is too expensive 
receives a blow. not perhaps 
fatal. with the fact that student 
rush tickets (within an hour of 

rIaaiIt John Ull at lICSD 

three Mondays. with the last on 
the performance) are half the Wednesday. rebruary 10. There 
regular price. or only Hve are also symphonies. plano 
dollars. concerts. overtures and the 

Howner. the sonata violin concerto to be heard at 
per for man c es are not the Civic Theater downtown and 
characterized merely by the the f.ast County Performing Arts 
supermarket values of Center.notunexpectedlylnr.ast 
cheapness and accessibility. UII County. One can obtain tickets 
Is pleased with Mandeville from Teleseat or at the door. 
Recital Hall and Its resonancy. Again the UCSO audience has 
and so has been the audience. special opportunities In being 
which ended the first able to see an exhibition of 
performance with cheers and a photographs of symphony 
standing ovation (not to be players In the Mandeville lobby 
confused with the standing and being able to listen to 
evacuation. a feature of lectures beginning 45 minutes 
downtown with Its bottlenecked before the 8 pm Monday 
after~oncert traffic). performances. the last by Cecil 

In Mandeville one can hear a Lytle at the Wednesday 
remark drop 30 feet away (one performance. The Symphony 
often wonders whether will also show the rum 
architects design acoustically biography of 8eethoven. 0nIe.J1 
perfect halls and then forget and Triumph. at 6:30 pm before 
themselves and put the the performances on the 21st 
audience where the stage was and 30th. 
supposed to have been). and Its Short of giving away those 
Steinway trills soft notes clearly ' little plaster busts of 8eethoven 
through the hall and rumbles obtainable in neighborhood 
out thunderous tones that music stores. the San Diego 
awake the chords of Its hundred Symphony has done everything 
past performances. Of Ull's in its power to increase the 
performance Itself one can only enjoyment of UCSO students 
say that he Is as eager to while making the fewest Inroads 
approach the limits of the on their povertv. 

Are You' a Hoi Dog? WI .......... FIeld Stud •• bin Col,- CredIt Natural history. field ecology. 
wilderness history and 

management wildemess 
instructors school. Courses for 
1984 in the Pacific NW, Sierra 

Nevada, Utah. Havvaii. 

For emergencies. 
or ary other time 

100 ... ImitatIOn mlf1i< 

SHORT-SLEEVE SHIRT 
Pretend It'S HawaJl and 

you,t keep warm 

PlLLOW----~~..._.,~ 
Even the greal skiers 
need somethong to lall back on VIEW 

MIRROR 
In case )'OU want to 

ski backwards 

SIX-PACK 
When the thorst-ald krt runs dry 
Serve chilled 

••• TIE IIOtIEI 
AN EDWARD S. FELDMAN PPOOUCTION "HOT DOG ... the movie" 
"",~ OAV() NAlJGfTOO . PATRICK HOUSER . TRftCY N. SMTH . JOHN PATRICK REGER ' FRAN< K£fPAtA .. ~ TWEED;:... 

£:;CHRISTOPt£R w. KNIGfr ~MKE MARVIN~~PALl G. RYAN~ PETER BE~ 
....--,-===--=--, """"',: MIKE MARVIN -= EDWARD S. FELDMAN o..o:PETER MAAl<LE 

• 

GET THE ANSWERS FRIDAY JANUARY 13th AT A THEATRE NEAR YOU! 
I 

4 nWu January 12. 1984 

Spring/Summer /Fall quarters. 
For information write or call : 

Sierra Institute 
BoxC 
Carriage House 
University of Califomia 
Santa Cruz Ca. 95064 
(408) 429-2761 

FRIDAY 
January 13 

7:30 a 10:00 pm 
$1.50 / USB 2722 

llckets ot the Box Off ICC & ot lhe Door 

Rare cbance 
to see ePIc 
Wednesday 

By JANES MLFH rArr 
One could argue that what 

makes Chinese circuses more 
Interesting than Western ones Is 
their taste for the fantastic: half 
a dozen people riding on 
bicycles waving fans about. 
gymnasts kicking tea services 
on their heads. piece by piece, 
strongmen breaking bricks on 
other strongmen's heads. But 
probably more important is that 
they do It all within sight ofthe 
audience and not 350 feet In the 
air balanced on a wire. While 
European and American 
circuses have been doing more 
or less the same thing but 
always on a larger and grander 
scale, the Chinese circuses offer 
genuine novelty (at least to 
Westerners) on a small scale. 

The Chinese Magic Circus of 
Taiwan Is comprised of Just two 
families - 17 members in all. 
The children begin formal 
training at four or five at the 
Taipei. Taiwan. schools of 
drama. acrobatics and classical 
Chinese opera. !lefore that they 
are surrounded by the actors 
and acrobats of their own 
families. and they eventually 
grow up to Join the troop. 

Pictures of the Chinese Magic 11IoIe crazy kids from The Odnae JIIIagk CIrcus will be bere Weel. 
Circus are reminiscent of the 
19th century American touring effects. although the releases with. and never should have 
circuses , before Ringling specify female dancers in been. largely done away with in 
Brothers. Barnum and Bailey "sumptuous" costumes. The America because of progress. 
became the ATM' of the big top. cast also covers all categories: Their intention to perform to 
The emphasis is on the skill of magic. juggling. dancing. small audiences reaches groups 
the individual artist and the acrobatics and comedy. The which a big circus would not. 
accomplishments of the team Chinese circus is a remainder of and reaches them more 
rather than on spectacular a past which has been done away effectively. 

Irs a bird, irs a plane 
irs Lar Lubovicb ~ Co 

flight Is the closest Image 
one can use to describe a 
performance of the Lubovlch 
dancers. This very physical 
energy base is mixed with varied 
musical beats and tones of such 
minimalist composers as Philip 
Glass and Steve Reich. Coupled 
with the innovative choreo-
graphy of the Company's artistic 
director and founder tar 
Lubovlch. the Company has 
gained a prominent position as 
the top contemporary dance 
company in the world. 

The Chicago-born Lubovich 
spent his early years studying 
classical dance at the Chicago 
Art Institute. and later won a 
scholarship to the JuilIard 
School of Music. He later 
studied at the Graham School 
and American Ballet Theater 
School. where he learned his art 
under the tutelage of some of 
the world's most renowned 
dancers and choreographers. 

While at the Julllard School. 
Lubovlch supported himself by 
drawing pastel portraits at a 
local art shop. Later he worked 
as a professional go-go dancer 
in night clubs around /"lew York. 
All of these experiences are \'ery 
evident in the development of 
Lubovich as a choreographer. 

The third balancing element 
to his dance choreography is the 
music he selects to score his 
dances. Uke many contempor-
ary choreographers. Lubovich 

selects modem composers for 
his work. Recently. David Byrne 
of the Talking Heads astounded 
both the music and dance world 
when he was commissioned by 
Tyla Thwarp to write the music 
for the CJtherine Wheel. 

ustng the music of Philip 
Glass. Lubovich choreographed 
a dance entitled North Star. 
Dancers are awakened into 
motion by the very sound of 
Glass' music. which carries 
them through a very intricate 
pattern woven by Lubovich with 
a strong sense of the geometric. 

Yet in another piece. 
cavalcade. Lubovich uses the 
music of Steve Reich in a 
seemingly more lighthearted 
manner. with his dancers 
costumed in skin-tight silver 
leotards. While some of the 
steps would be considered 
angular in execution, Lubovich 
throws in an interesting 
dichotomy in the last half ofthe 
dance by having the dancers 
whip ribbons around in circular 
motions. 

Both of these dance pieces 
have gained world-wide 
recognition as the essences of 
contemporary dance. They will 
be part of the performance the 
Lar Lubovich Dance Company 
wllJ perform this Friday. January 
13, at 8 pm in the Mandeville 
Auditorium. call the UCSD Box 
Office at 452-4559 for ticket 
informatlon. 

~Ra~~~~~~==~=rr=o=ze=n~===0~ 
S'oourf Jlj/air yogurt creations (5 r-=====A~Y~======~ 
I any purcha!~f ~~oo or more I 

• We also honor all 

OIN! per 
caetomer 

1030 Torrey Pines Rd. 
at Herechel 

La Jolla 

NoUJ Open! 
1774 Garnet Ave. 

Pacific Plaza 

SOFT CONTAO LENSES i 
One Hour Service ~tcases 

INCLUDES: 
Contact lenses, examination, 
patient training, follow up, 
chemical care kit and fitting. 
EXTENDED WEAR LENSES 
ONLY $165.00 

THE CLASSICAL EYE ,. 
DR. ROBERT HEUER OPrOMETRJST 

La Jolla Village Square 
(Inside the Mon; Lower Level) 

8657 Villa La Jolla Drive • Suite 136 
451·7374 

6Uf 00""" K~ WM~7 
00 '(0" _"T 1"0 fltlD OtIrr 

.... (QMI ~ A "'Tl". 
-r~~,'~~ n AT 8P~ 

W\\&U, 
~ CA~\C \DUN61i ~-r-ntE 

O"\~R~\'TV &.Un'fJAli GHU"U 
(~ .. til N.\,A "S'ALA "'OII~ i 

1··:=~~",'}:r SfO'*'''· .~ 
ft4e ~M'C ~11V AT uc,~D 

II ;~'~ls 1/ 

January 12. 1984 "..",. 5 



\ 1- 30% OFF all SWeatwear 

4.(j7-:l:lc.J:l 
Introducf()ry Special 

. ",jilt ,It" l1li o,.Iy -
12 Haircuts for studentlll 

with ~/«tNllulirstylists 
r~larly $22 (women), $19 (men) 

Ivails 
Sculptured Nails, reg. $40, IIOII! $25 
Fills, reg. $20, IIOII! $15 
Manicures. reg. $7, IIOII! $5 
Pedicures, reg. $16, "OW $12 
juliel/e Wrap, reg. $14, "OIV $12 

. 

8950 Villti La Jolla Dr. 
Suite 1122 

Lo Jolla, Ctl. 92037 
Offer expires 1/ 18/ 84 

If Christopher Colwnbus had 
been content to ship cargo around the 
Mediterranean, he would have missed the 
opportWlity to discover the New World. 

If LINKABIT engineers weren't 
thinking :about what could be. instead of 
what is. we wouldn't be at the forefront of 
the telecorrununications industry. 

Thanks to a cadre of conceptual 
achievers, however, L1NKABIT has 
continued to set the standard in diverse 
and complex projects such as MILSTAR 
terminals, video scrambling equipment, 
domestic satellite systems, modems. 
codecs. advanced processors and fault-
tolerant systems. 

Now, we're looking for more of the 
same kinds of thinkers to join our ranks in 
the following areas: 
• Satellite Data Communications 
• Satellite Network Technologies 
• Information and Network Security 
• Speech Coding and Compression 
• Local Digital Switching Systems 
• Modulation and Coding Techniques 
• Synchronization Techniques 
• Advanced Digital 

Signal Processing 
The creative. free-thinking 

atmosphere at L1NKABIT promotes 
excellence and is a reflection of our 

6 IfIMu January 12.1984 

for guys • gal. 

Expr .... ons Unlimited 
1030G Torrey Pines Rd .. La Jolla 

.e41OO6 

Pacific Eyes • r. 
745 First St .. Encinitas 

(In Lumbelyard Shopping Center) 
9G.Q337 

Valid wtth thl. coupon 
through 1·18. 

physical envirorunent. San Diego, 
America's Finest City in location. climate, 
cultural and recreational facilities, offers 
you and your family an WlSurpassed 
lifestyle. This invigorating setting. 
combined with the challenge, satisfaction. 
and reward of a career at LINKABIT. 
provides an unbeatable opportunity to 
fulfill your goals. OpportWlities are also 
available in the Washington, D.C. area 
and Boston. 

On Campus Interviews 
Friday, January 27 

Please contact your College Placement 
Office to arrange an on-campus interview. 
If you are unable to meet with our 
representatives, please forward your 
reswne with college transcripts to: 
Dennis Vincent, MIA-COM LINKABIT. 
3033 Science Park Road, San Diego. 
CA 92121. 

=-: ~-= ~-~;:& - ¥'~~ 
-I-M/AoCOM LINKA~ INC. 

Equal Opporlunlly I 
""Irmalive "Clion Employer 

Opera, love, 
murder and 
. more in 'Diva' 

By 110M HV 
Diu. 15 a new wave nlm with opera 

music. a comedy with genuine 
suspense and most surprisingly a 
I'rench I'OIIIIIICe without phllOllOphlcal 
discussions about love and death. It's 
fast·paced. runny and photographeclln 
InteMe shades of midnight blue. Most 
of all. It·s run. 

If you'n: stili with me after all this 
praise. I will ha~ to admit that Diu. 
has a rather Improbable plot. 1bere Is a 
wildly popular opera singer who 
refuses to make records because she 
believes It destroys the purity of the 
music. Her most dedicated fan Is a 
young postal worker named Jules who 
sneaks a I'tagra recorder into a 
performance and makes a hlgh-quallty 
tape for his own use, A short while later 
he receives another tape by accident: a 
prostitute turning over Information 
about the Paris Connection to the 
police Is murdered by two thugs. and 
just before getting an Iceplck in the 
bad\. she drops the casL!lette Into Jules' 
mailbag. Jules Is Immediately pursued 
by an assortment of good guys and bad 
guys: taiwanese record pirates who 
want the nrst tape. cops and criminals 
who want the second. In the mJdst of 
the confusion. Jules ftncIs a couple of 
unlikely protectors In a 14-)aI'-o1d 
Vietnamese girl and her rat,... lewer. 
Sound like nonsense? It Is. but that·s 
the point. 

The diva of the title Is AmerIcan 
soprano Cynthia 1IIwktns. pIa)1led by 
American soprano Wlibemllll WIggins 
femanclez. Cynthia Is black and 
strikingly beautiful. sings 
magnillcently and speaks terrible 
I'rencb ("Je n'suls pas k Beallesl") -
In short. a perfect goddess. 

The real star of the movie IsJules.lB 
years old and completely devoted to 
opera. I'rederlc Andrei Is capabk of 
looking both Intense and unfocused at 
the .me time: as Jules he Is skIMY. 
handsome and completely clueless. He 
lives alone In a ~ garage-turned-
apartment. with new wave urban 
murals painted all around. junked 
IlllUI)' cars on the floor and tile llnest 
In hi-fi equipment: high-tech wreckage 
raised to the level ofart. When he's not 
I n his apartment. Jules 15 riding around 
on his moped or tagging along after 
Cynthia. hoplnq to win her attention. 

My favorite character In the movie Is 
AIba's boyft1end Gorodlsh. pla~ by 
Richard Bohrlnger. His living space Is 
the opposite of Julfo.s' clutter: OOI'odlsh 
sits In a bathtub In the middle ofa vast 
empty room. listening to awful wailing 
music. while Alba (the child sex-
symbol gone wacko. pla~ by Thuy An 
Luu) rollerskates around him. He 15. If 
possible. even more bizarre than Alba: 
chopping onions In snorkeling gear. 
explaining Zen and buttering bread. He 
also turns out to be the ultimate In 
Cool - a punk fairy godfather In a 
white suit. with his Inexhaustible 
supply of white Citroen cars and a 
magical white lighthouse somewhere 
in I'tormandy. 

The bad guys In this 111m an: as much 
fun as movie heavies ever are. A couple 
of Taiwanese ruord pirates wear 
mirrored sunglasses Indoors and out. 
day and night. The drug-and-
prostitution ring goons Include a 
greasy-haired Spaniard and a small 
bald pug·ugly with wrap-around 
sunglasses and an earphone 
perpetually In one ear (It Is not 
revealed until the end just what he has 
been listening to). 

Diu. Is showing for one night only. 
l'rlday the 13th at 7:-'0 PIll and 10 pm 
atUSH 2722 . . 

The lJ(3) Dr:pIIrtlllent of DrIma 
will preat two eftllinp of 
redtals performed by tile members 
oftk tblnS )UI' PIIIta' of l'lne Arts 
Frofesslonal Theltre Tralnln. 
PIogrwn toIight and I'rIday In the 
lJCS) ~. DlvtcIed lato two 
tIIIaIIbIeI. the eight acton In the 
program wtIl pertOrm selectiolB 
I'rom tnldltlonal ind experfmfJItal 
thater worU IS part of thdr n .. 1 
thesis prqjecL 

The recItals are designed to 
allOw the actor! to !how their 
virtuosity 15 dramatic perfonners. 
and to aid In the building of their 
IndtvId .. 1 repertoires for rutlft 
aUditions, Members of the 
QIIId .. t1ng acting class are Akd 

Davies. David Gassner. Mark 
HoI1u.... Lawrence Kaiser. Jean 
I.I:sIIIdster. Samuel Sandoe. Aiel 
Starr and Kate Udall. 

AdmJasIon Is ffte. I'.nsemble A 
will perlbnn at 4 pm tonight and at 
8 pm on rrtday. I'.nsemble IS will 
pertbrm at 8 pm tonight and 4:lO 
pm rrtday, The UC5D 11IeatR Is 
located 011 tile warren campus on 

~us way. directly behind the 
UCSD BooUtore, 

for further Information please 
call the UCSDDrama Department at 
4S2-l79l. 

••• 

Oiler Rot CJraphics. an 
exhibition of lithographs, 
drawings and a !election of 
books by the controversial 
artist and writer Dlter Rot. wlH 
be on view at the Mandeville Art 
Gallery January 6 through 
January 29. This exhibition Is 
sponsored by The Goethe 
Institute In Los Angeles. 

Gallery hours are noon to 5 

TaIdat *1 1be MovIng Targets will kIck-olr the 
1984 social season rrlday as tlley headline tile nrst 
rolf, 

three years. '. . 
1be festivities begin at 4 pm witll the usual 

beverages on tap. 1f)'Oll have JH!ftr been to a TO • 
take time out to experience a cultl;lral 
phenomenon and dance your ass off. 

nae MovIng Targets have just completed a six 
song U and haft p1a¥ed at local nightclubs for 

pm. lUesciays through Sundays. 
There Is no admission charge. 
I'ree parking Is available on 
weekends. for additional 
Information call 452·2864. 

• • • 
The La Jolla Museum of 

Contemporary Art's Info",..' 
Talks with Artists series 
continues Tuesday. January 17. 
at 8 pm with a talk by the 
contemporary sculptor Richard 
Serra. 

Serra. born In 1939. studied 
at Yale University at a time when 
Abstract [xpresslonlsm was on 
the de~lIne and Pop and 
Minimal Art were ascendant. 
After receiving his BA from 

Yale. the artist spent two years 
In [urope. returning to New 
York late in 1966. 

Serra's talk will be held In the 
Museum auditorium. Admission 
Is $3: students and seniors $2, 
The Museum is located at 700 
Prospect Street at the 
Intersection of Silverado Street. 
for Information call 454-3541 
or 454-0267, 

••• 

Martin Luther King. the most 
rema..uble of Civil Rights 
leaders. will be commemorated 
In concert by the UCSD Gospel 

. Choir. directed by Reverend 
Jones. Sunday at 8 pm in the 

Mandeville Auditorium. 
The concert 15 free and open 

to the public. for Information 
call 452-3229. . 

• •• 
The La Jolla Civic-University 

Symphony Association will hold 
its annual Young Artists 
Competition on Saturday, 
february 11. and Sunday. 
february 12. at the Mandeville 
Center. The competition will be 
offerred In four divisions -
plano. strings. winds and voice 
- and there will be two levels of 
competition: a Senior level for 
those 18-26 and a Junior level 
for those 15-17, first place 
winners will perform with the La 

Jolla Clvlc-U.lverslty Sym-
phony on Saturday. June 2. In 
addition. cash awards will be 
given. 

The deadline for applicattoM 
is January 9, 'I1IoIe Interated 
should call 1-436-7993 or 45~ 
5678 for details 011 how to apply 
or for further Information. 

• • • 

I'tew York conceptual theater 
artist stuart Shennan perfOl"lm 
his Tenth Spectacle (I'orttIits 
01 naces) at the La Jolla 
Museum of CQntemporary Art at 
8 pm Thursday, January 12. 

Shennan. who has performed 
his Specucles or one-man 
shows at New York's Museum of 
Modern Art. The Georges 
Pompldou Centre in ParIs, the 
Walker Art Center In 
MInneapolis and major galleries 
and performance spaces across 
the country. won a Village Voice 
Obie award (the off-Broadway 
Tony) for outstanding 
achlevement'lo 1978. 

A half-hour showing of a 
number of Shennan's short, 
mostly silent and black and 
white films precedes his 
performance In the Museum's 
Sherwood Auditorium. 700 
Prospect street in La Jolla. 
General admission is $5: seniors 
and students $4, Tickets are 
available at the Museum prior to 
the performance or at the door, 
for information call 454-3541, 

• • • 

A special event at the San 
Diego Museum of Art In 8alboa 
Park will focus attention on the 
detailed artistry of quilting. old 
and new. In A Quilting Affair. 
from 10 am to 4 pm on 
Saturday. January 21 in Copley 
Auditorium. 

• Mu~. T-Shirts. &:~lspr~·a~ls. Rod; I M~·I1l<lrahdla. J~·\wlry. PllSkrs. Prints. GIlts. Car Mu~s. T-Shirts. &·Jspr~·aJs. 
RU~' k-n-Rull M~·n\l)rahdia. J~\wlry. Prints. Gilts. Cards. Mu..:s • T-Shirts • &·Jsl'r~·aJs. Kk-n-Rllll M~mm,\hdla • J~'wdry 
• Postl·rs. Prinrs. Gilts. Cads. . )(k-n--iL.. • .!lI)rj~I ..... -1.~.w Pll~t~TS. Prim.s. Gifts. CarJs. M~s. T-Slmts. &:Jsl'r~·aJs. ~~. ~~ . • Mugs. T-~hirts. &·~lsl'n·aJs 
• Ru(k·n-Roll M~'m'lrahdla • J,' s. Ilts. GIlts. Car,ls. Mu~s. T -ShIrts. &·,ISl'rl·.I'h,. RI1(k -II -RlllI M,·morahilta. Jl'w,:lry 
• MuJ.:S. T-Shfrts. ~Jsprl'a~ls • Rull M~·murabilla. J,,·\wlry. P"st~rs. Prmts. Gifts. CarJs. Mu~s. T-Shirts. &·Jspfl·aJs. 

Ri.xk~n-Roll M~'mumhilia • ),,·wl·lry • Pust~rs • Prints '. CarJs u)I(s • T -Slmts ~ &·dsl'r~·aJs • RlI(k-n-RIlIl Ml'murahilia • Jl'wd ry 
• Posr~·rs. Prints. Gilts. CarJs. Mu~s. T-Shirts. M~·mllrahilia. Jnn-Iry. Pllst~·rs. Prints. Gilts. CarJs. 

M~ • T-Shirts • &-Jsl'r~'aJs • RlKk-n-Rull M~n" • Prints'. Gilb • Cads. Mu..:s • T-Shirts • &'~lspr~'aJs 
• Ruck-n-RlllI M~o\lIrahlha • )~·wdry. Pllstl'rs .I'rint~ ,.. ·Shirts. &·,lsl'r~'a~ls. Rlk'k-n-R'lli M~'m()rabilia. J~'wd ry 

The TIMEX SIN.CLAIR 2068 Pet:sonal Computer with 
,.-------------------------------., 72K BUILT IN MEMORY, 

I 
I 
I 
I 

COLOR AND SOUND! 

$199 95 
The MOST Computer 
you can buy For 

. Such A Little Price! 

~---~--------------------------------------, 
! STUDENT 5 POSTERS 4 ! 
I FOR THE I ----------------~----------J POSTER PRICE OF: ! 

Going Around in Circles? 
Come to International Gifts!! 

! PECIAL (The I~ast expensive poster is free) ! 
I S -Offer WlCh ThIS Ad- Expires January 31, 1984. I 

~------------------------------------------~ 
University Towne Center 
next to the Broadway 452-7755 

January 12.1984 If"'" 7 



Courses o/Inter-Disciplinary 
Interest Offered by Philosophy 

Winter 1984 
Philo.ophy 117 - Prob'eJR. i .. Scie .. ti/ic Metlto"oIosy 
MWF - 2:00 - 2:50 - HL 1205 - Zeao Swijtink 
(Cr •. code 4602) 
This is a philosophy of science class for students interested in the behavioral 
sciences, the social sciences, or medicine. These sciences are interested in the 
causes of behavior, causal networks, or the causal power or efficacy of treatments. 
We will compare what philosophers have written about causes with the methods 
used in these sciences to establish causal claims. 

Philo.ophy 122 - Bio-Medica' £t.ia 
TT1a - 10:00 - 11:20 - HL 1438 - Barbara Wiater. 
(Cn. Code 3695) 
This course will examine ethical issues that arise in the practice of medicine and 
medical research, with a special focus on attempting to develop justifiable moral 
principles that can help resolve such disputes. After a short general introduction to 
the major ethical theories, particular issues will be explored, such as: the concept 
of health, the physician-patient relationship, patients' rights and physicians' 
responsibilities, informed consent, confidentiality of medical records, euthanasia 
and the prolongation of life, allocation of scarce medical resources, medical 
experimentation. Medical case-studies will be examined. The intended outcome of 
the course is that sf'tJdents will be able to use the moral tools presented to reason 
effectively on their own about the ethical problems in medicine. 

Philosophy 152 - Plti'o.oplty a .... Literature 
TTh - 1:00 - 2:20 - BB 2135 - Frederick Olaf.on 
(Crs. Code 4605) 
This course will deal with the role of moral understanding in imaginative literature -
more specifically in the modern novel. Its premise is that in representing human 
beings in their relationships to one another the novel can hardly avoid at least 
implicit judgments on the moral character of such persons and their actions. In 
some of the very best modern novels the author has chosen, quite deliberately, to 
concentrate on this moral element in the life of his characters. Perhaps the 
preeminent novelist of this kind is Henry James; and I have therefore chosen two 
of his novels, The Wings of the Doue, and The Golden Bowl, as the main reading 
for this course. The course will begin with a quasi-philosophical treatment of the 
theme of morality in its broad application to society and to literature: Modern 
Dogma and the Rhetoric of Assent by Wayne Booth. The written work of the 
course will probably consist of two short papers in addition to the final 
examination. 

17 .. - Plti'osopltical Psycltology 
MWF - 1:00 - 1:50 - USB 3020 - James Klagge 
(Cr •. Code 4607) 
This course will be concerned with various views on the nature of the mind. We will 
begin by discussing claims by the psychological theories of psychoanalysis and 
behaviorism. Then we will focus on some contemporary philosophical theories 

II such as type-identity, functionalism, token-identity, and dual-aspect. We will 
II conclude with a discussion of the place of subjectivity in theories of the mind. 

UCSD University Events Office presents 

January 18, Wednesday, 8:00 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 

G.A. $10.00, UCSD St. $6.00 
UCSD Fac/Staff, other St. &: Sr. $8.00 

.... UCSD Box Office & Tieketton: 452-4559 ...... 

-CALCULATORS 

$3795 

MODEL EL-S12 
"THIN MAN"" WALLET-SIZE WITH 
128 PROGRAM STEPS 
Improved scientific CIIlculator with Multi Formule 
Re .. rve end decimal/hexadecimal .y.tem 
• In addition to performing the scientific functions, the 

EL-512 permits the user to store up to 128 program 
steps built-up from any of its preprogrammed 
functions. 

• Hyperbolic (sinh. COSh. tanh) and their inverses. 
• Rectangular/polar coordinate conversions. 
• Mean, sum. and standard deviation. 
• 4-Multi Formula Reserve for storing formulas, and 9 

Data Memories for storing numbers. 
• Direct formula entry enters formulas the way they are 

written. 
• Computer-age hexadecimal conversions. 
• Easy-ta-read 1O-digit liquid crystal display with 

scientific notation expression. 
• Independently accessible 3-key memory. 
• 15 levels of parentheses with up to 7 pending 

operations_ 

• ISDe'lSaJ 
dh'lt:liSl 

.cfJl~a!I 
• •• 
• •• 
••• 
••••• 

$3295 

MODEL EL-508H 
AdvIInced, "lentlftc calculator with 
decimal/hexadeclm.1 ey.tem conver8lon key. 
• 48 pre-programmed scientific functions turn 

complicated problems into easy operations. 
. • Direct formula entry lets you enter problems just as 

you write them. 
• Three parenthe8f)s levels and four levels of pending 

operations. 
• Decimal/hexadecimal system conversior'l key. 
• Statistical calculations with statistical mode [STAT). 

number of samples/Ix [n Ix). mean/ Ix2 [I, Ix2 ) • 
standard deviation [sa), enter data/correct data [DATA 
CD) keya .. 

• Independently accessible memory. 
• DEG/RAD/GRAD selector key. 
• Degree/minute/second conversion key. 
• Auto Power-Off conserves power. 
• Power-saving FEM liquid crystal display has 8-digit 

mantissa and 2-diglt exponent. 

The Sharp EL - 5500 
• 40K BASIC In ROM 
• 2.2K RAM 

$5995 • (Aler 1400 program steps • 16-char dot-matrix display • Extended keyboard 
• Optional Interface for tape 
cassette and printer 

URI.ERSIIY a.SlaRE 
COMPUTER CENTER 

8 NIMu January 12, 1984 

8:00 am to 4:45 pm - Monday thru Friday 
10:00 am to 4:00 pm - Saturdays 

Phone: 452-4291 


