
• ~ 
0 I 
CI :) 
.. 

CI It) 

• 
N 

.. N 
• f 

en 
... 

Z 
W 
t-

o. ~ 
<I C 

Q. 
»-
.. C 
.-

• ~ .. .. 
:a 

'" ~ -' 
..J 
0 (.) 



University Center Advisory Board 
Comminee meets today at 4:30 pm in 
the North Conference Room to discuss 
funding of the center and review the 
l1!ports on general space, olTice space 
and the recreation areas. This is an 
important policy meeting, and all 
students are invited to give their input. 
For further infonnation , call x4378. 

o 
Hot flashes retums to Grass Roots to 

celebrate the first in a series of events 
thiS spring on the fifth anniversary of 
Grass Roots Events, a community-based , 
non-profit cultural orgamzation . "Hot 
Flashes" is improvisational theater at its 
best, a showcase presenting all new 
material from Reaganomi s to dmy 
dishes , sexism to romance . For funher 
information, call 232-5009. 

o 
Big Band musIc Will be featured at a 

tea/ dance at La Jolla VIllage quare 
March 11 from 1-3 pm. BtU Heyne and 
his Orchestra will enhven the mall for 
an afternoon dance. Heyne says his 
ambition is "to bring back the big band" 
with hiS orchestra, which consists of 11 
pieces, as "the big band of the eighties." 
For more notes, call 455-7550. 

o 
Gloria Sleinem, co-founder and 

editor of Ms. magazine, is coming to 
SDSU to celebrate Intemational 
Women's Day, Thursday March 8, with 
the fIrst univerSity to have a Depanment 
of Women's Studies. Steinem's lecture , 
entitled "Women Umte: Intemational 
Feminism in the '80s," is scheduled to 
take place at 8 pm In Montezuma Hall , 
Aztec Center. For more call 265-5204. 

o 
USA faces Cuba in another volleyball 

face-ofT this Friday, at 8 pm In SDSU 's 

1968 ... 
Wrestle r Bob Wilson put on a great 

show at the :\AtA Regionals. finishing 
hrst m the nO-pound diVISIOn and 
earnmg the right 10 represent UCSD at 
the N,ltIonals In Colorado this week. 
End II1g the season With a 14-2 rccord , 
WIlson was voted the Tmons' most 
outstanding team member 
L969 ... 

The UCSD basketball team , In ItS 
!>Ccond season of varsity compellllon , 
has been voted to the lour-team NAtA 
Distric t III pIa yo I fs'. Coach ell Stoner . 
ald. "We owe our uccess to a tcam 01 

dedicated, hard-no cd players. We gOt 
1010 the pl,~yons by J lot of comc-
through performanLes" 
1970 ... 

Coach Jun White sat 111 dlsbe hef .IS 
he watched hiS Itr t-yeM UCSD lem:lng 
te.lm upset dn expenen<.:ed ~.1n Diego 

tLl te ,quad ,11 UC D's g)'m la,t .lturday. 
fhe epee competltlcm . led by l-iellnll h, 
Canole and ax, turned the fmal scoTlng 
to a UC~D VictOry 
1971... 

Petitions for a lootball team at UCSD 
next rcar .Ire pre sently being CIrculated 
by several supporter . Contra ry to 
Widespread behef, J lootball team .1l 
UCSD would be run on J non -
scholarship basl~. Prac(lces would be 
held 111 a fleXIble manner. with the Idea 
that a player would <.:amI.' when he 
LOuld make It. 
1975 ... 

Last undJ)', under gmy. cloud) and 
wet skle" the second annuJI trike met: 
took place. I he turnout of contestants 
\\'as sllghtl) Ie,s than in the prevIous 
YCJr "ear the cnd of the raLl~, .In 
unexpeLtcd surpnse LJI11t.' , .I, J slrc,lkcr 

Peterson Gym. The meet IS sponsored 
by Coca Cola , Soup Plantation and 
Michelob Light (one of the Friendship 
Series tour events). The USA men 's 
volleyball team record with Cuba now 
stands at 1-2. and the men intend on 
evening it up in this meet. The USA 
team is now ranked in the top three in 
the world. For ticket Information, call 
692-4162. 

o 
The Russians are People Too. a slide 

show and discu slon by Kem Larrabec , 
participant on the 2,300-mile Walk to 
Moscow, Will take place Wednesday, 
March 14,7 pm, Abraxas School. Pacific 
Beach. Larrabee will discuss his 

.. experiences on the 1980-82 Walk to 
Moscow. which took him through twelve 
countries. For more information, call 
'2 )5-0730. 

o 
Throat stroking and other innovative 

techniques developed at UCSD Medical 
Center's Commumcative Disorders 
Center are aIding persons who have lost 
the abllilY 10 swallow because of surgery, 
stroke, degenerative disease or severe 
trauma to the head. "One of the major 
obstacles to overcome IS the fear of 
eating: Stephen Goldman said . "Once 
the patient begins eating again on his 
own, his recovery is usually speeded." 

o 
National Right to Work Committee is 

now accepting applications for the 11 th 
annual Wilham B. Ruggles Scholarship, a 
co mpetition for journalism students In 
colleges and um verslties . Ruggles coined 
the term "TIght to work" as a legal 
principle and a philosophical concept 
In a 1941 Labor Dayeditortal The 
deadline is March 31. For more 
Information . call (703) 321·9820. 

- Christopher Canole 

made several appearances 
1976 ... 

Three Tntons came through with first 
place ilmshes and another fini shed 
second, as UCSD was barely outscored 
by UCSB In the intercollegiate surf 
contest last Saturday. The ontest, held 
at Black's Beach , featured UCSD surfers 
Rl(;k Rodewald . Kim Fulton and Clark 
Quinn In their first place hnishes. 
J977 ... 

UC~D has a winning handball record . 
It has a handball coach. It has handball 
courts. Now all It needs IS a handbJII 
team. LIst year was the ftrst season 
UCS D fielded .In Intercollegiate team , 
whIch placed second at the All -Cal 
lOurnament But so ldr thiS yeJr. nobod)' 
hJ S Signed up ... another elllhuSla,lIC 
moment In spon , . 

1978 ... 
Aided by oUlst,mdlng mark> In [hc 

50-)a rd Ircestyle , welghthftlng and 
basketball supershot, Revelle Ireshman 
Kim Scnz \\'on the mdlvldu.11 
champIOnship In last weekend's 

uperst.1TS com petlllon . spon,ored by 
the UC,D I'E Depanment ror the 
seco nd consecutive year, the ~chwabb)' 
Vec won the team title 

L979 ... 
Not many [e,lms Me Jhlc to shut out a 

te.lln lrom UClA, e~peClaUy Irllll1 .1 n,ln -
schola rshIp , 10111 budget Int~rcollegJale 
Jthletlc program . Noncthcle!>,. 11 
powerlul UC 0 lorward hne 111.1, too 
Illuch lor the UCLA womcn ', rugb)' 
Icam . ~h Ihe fmon ruggcr~ rJn over the 
BrUins . H.u 
1980 ... 

Thc wOlllcn '~ SWim teJl11\ rcumJ 

If you are thinking about starting a student organization next year and ~ou 
want funding from the N>. now is the time to stan. To get AS .fundtng (which 
comes out of student activity fees), you must be a registered student 
organization, This requires having four currently registered ~nderg?duate 
students, each of whom is personally responSible for the orgam~t1on s fiscal 
maners and is obligated to adhere to Untversity and ASU<:SD poliCIes regan:hng 
the oper.ltion of student orgamzatlons. Also , a Statement of Non-
discrimination" must be filed with the AS. Finally, the orgamzatlon must be 
formally approved by Randy Woodard . director of student activities. 

On e a new studem orgaOlzation is founded , 11 must eXist for at least one 
quaner on Its own before any AS m.oney will be allocate? Under the present 
rules, team organizations with Iilmted participation Will receive no funds. 
Rccreation-oriented club, that allow all studems to partICipate Will get money. 

According to Erik Rocde , AS commiSSioner of activity fecs, the AS IS n?w 
looking imo taking rec clubs under its wing as well. Fratemmes and sorontles 
do not presently receive any AS money. . . 

If the organization makes J[ through all t~e.se conditions. the ne~t step IS [0 
submit a programming budget [0 the AS ActiVity Fee Board thiS spring for next 
year. This board is made up of one studem from each colle.ge and two students 
appointed "at large," none of whom IS elected. Roede chalTS the board, which 
slims down studem organization budget requests an~ sends them on 10 the AS 
Council. A request should be made this year lor funding for the first.five weeks 
of next year. Then. during the beginning of the laU quarter, a request IS made for 
funding for the rest of the year... . 

Money is given out in three ways. FIrst, operatmg budgets are glv.en for such 
things as office supplies, telephones, printing, etc. Next, programming budgets 
are given for scheduled evems - movies, dances , conccns a.nd lectures at 
which no admission is charged. Finally, underwntes are given lor fundralsmg 
events and other events. The underwrites are no-i merest loans that must be 
paid wllhin 60 days, or. under new laws, the four chartcr members are 
personally responsible. 

Roede had $60.000 to distribute this year in one of these three ways. The 
money givcn for programming goes into organization accounts and IS hne-
Itemed [0 guarantee thut it is spent on items for which It was Imended . , 

Organizations receiving sizable allocations thIS year were. The Wome~ s 
Resource Center, The Asian Pacific Alliance and An For Alternative Spaces, with 
$590, $565 and $554, respeClively, for operating expenses. The Black Student 
Union received $3504 for programming, while The Asian Pacific Alliance w~s 
allocated $3292. Finally, the only organization allocated more than $1000 In 
underwrites was the Imervarsity Christian Fellowship with $2900, for the 
presentation of Habakkuk. . . , 

If an organization wishes to run an event dUring the year that was not I~ ItS 
original proposal. it can fill out a request form. The ActiVity Fee. Board Will reVIew 
it and fi nd the "realistic" cost and pass It on [0 the AS CounCil for a vote. Craig 
Lee, AS presidem, thinks this is an inefficient process, and has submitted an 
amendment [0 the activity fee bylaws, whereby the ActiVity Fee Board could 
approve a request for program funding, subject to preSidential approval. This 
could save twO to three weeks in some cases and get the funds toorgamzatlons 

. when they arc needed. After all , the Acnvity Fee Board, not t~eASCouncil , is the 
expert on student organizallons, and as Lee states. "The AS CounCil cannot be 
the master of all. That's why they set up these boards." The board voted on 
whether to accept the proposal last ntght. 

books were almost totally rewritten last 
weekend at the UCSD Invitational , as 
Claudia O'Brian , Natalie Pierce. Laura 
Gallop. Sandy Croos and C;:ris Evans 
erased ten-year-old UCSD marks. 
f983 ... 

The UCSD women's te nnis team 
chalked up another victory Thursday 
over Point Loma College, giving the 

team an Impressive 12-1 record lor the 
season. The Tritons, ranked first among 
the 256 schools in the NCAA's Division 
III remain undefeated in their division. 
The squad's top two players hold high 
ran kings in Division HI. Sophomore 
Kathy Sturdivant is ranked No.2 in the 
nation, and junior Lisa GUben is No. 12. 

- Christopher Canole 

MEL VYL displays 
bomb scare message 
By ELLEN ARTHUR 

"Bomb to go ofT tomorrow In UCSD's 
Ce III ral Library" was the message 
displayed on MELVYL's screen in the 
Division of Library Automation Office at 
UC Berkeley last Tuesday, which 
resulted in the evacuation of Central 
Library. 

The message was typed into 
MELVYL's message file at 9 :30 pm 
Monday, from one of Ce ntral Llbmry's 
computer terminals . There is a 
ommand mode for commeOls that is 

programmed into MELVYL. "You get a 
prompt and you type 111 'comment' and 
then MELVYL gIves you another prompt 
for the message ," said PhylliS Mirsky, 
assistant UniverSity librarian . 'They 
called us from the Berkeley ofTlce to give 
us the message at 10'05. and we 
phoned Sergeant Bob Jones .. 

ergeant Jones called the Sheriffs 
011 ICC (or a bomb dog because of the 

sIze of the building. When the police 
and dog showed up, they began to 
evacuate the bUilding. Librarians walked 
around with bullhorns, they turned off 
the lights, and told people that there 
was a power failure. Once everyone was 
out, volunteer librarians, staff and the 
police searched the build mg. When they 
found nothing, students were let back 
into the building. about three hours after 
the evacuation . 

Sergeant Jones said, "It 's another 
prank." No one thought that there was 
really a bomb planted in Central 
because no time was given as to when it 
would go off. "We cleared the building 
out of caution . We have gotten bomb 
scares since the University opened in 
'6-+." Jones added . "UsuaUy they happen 
around exami nation time." 

The comme nt section of MELVYL will 
he shut down Indeflnltcly. 

Rtvtlle Colltge namesake and avid scientist turned 75 yesterday. Happy birthday, Roger! 

Mentor program provides 
tninorities experience 
By YEN TAYLOR 

"We want to create a one-to-one 
relationshIp between professors and 
students." said Nick AgUilar, director of 
the speCial services center, as he 
described the purpose of the Faculty 
Mentor Program at UCSD, now In its 
second year. 

"There are so many students and so 
few professors. We want to bridge the 
gap between them," added Aguilar. 

Funded through the Office of Vice 
Chancellor for Undergraduate Affairs, 
the Faculty Mentor Program is designed 
to encourage undergraduates in the 
affirmative action population to pursue 
advanced studies in graduate schools. 
"We want to encourage them to pursue 
a career in academic research ," said 
Aguilar. 

The affirmative action population 
includes Hispanics, Blacks, Native 
Americans, Asians and women. The goal 
of the Faculty Memor Program is to 
increase the number of PhD holders in 
this population . "The University is 
committed to graduate and 
undergraduate students of the 

affirmative action population ," saId 
Aguilar. 

The program is designed as a twO-
quaner commitment (winter-spring) for 
both professors and students. The ral 
IS to expose students to the field 0 
academic research. Students in the 
program actively participate in a fac ulty 
member's research project as research 
assistants. 

From this experience, students gain 
valuable knowledge of the methods and 
framework of doing academic research. 
Faculty mentors are committed to 
familianzing students with research 
techniques a nd to relate their personal 
experiences as academic researchers. 

Students in the Faculty Mentor 
Program receive academic credit (4 
units) in winter quaner and are paid for 
the spring quaner. "The idea is not to 
make part-time jobs for students. We 
want to pay students so that they won't 
have to worry about money. We want 
them to concentrate on the intellectual 
work instead," said Aguilar. Students are 

please tum to page 6 

Included with EII9IY Meal 
Offef good until March 31st a Dlnnef only starting at 5:00 

IOUP ________ _____ --____ . ________ . __ . _________ . _____________ . _ __ _ _ _ __ 3.95 
SALAD ---.----- --------.--- ------ _______________ . _______ _______ .... _ •• 75 
IOUP and SALAD __ w ___ .. _________________________ ... __ 5.50 

Two gIant salad bars - Five kinds of soup - Fresh fruIt bar 
Fresh muffIns and bakery goods 

Monday thru Saturday 11 :OO-9:30/Sundays 12:00-9:30 

7305 CLAIREMONT MESA BLVD .• SAN DIEGO 
JUST EAST OF HWY lOS 

576-0622 

Roger Revelle 
celebrates 75th 
By PHIL WILLON 

"The nice thing about being 75 is that 
you don't have any problems ... besides 
your health." Such is the attitude of Dr. 
Roger Revelle, who celebrated his 
birthday yesterday. There is a big 
birthday bash planned for him thiS 
Friday and Saturday at the Scripps 
Institution of Oceanography. 

Scientists and dignitaries from across 
the country will be on hand to honor 
the occasion , and will be discussing 
topiCS that range from carbon dioxide 
(C02) in the atmosphere to the world 
food situation. 

An infonnal party was also held for 
Dr. Revelle on the Revelle Plaza last 
Monday. With his sparkling birthday 
hat perched high atop his head, he told 
students that there IS more to life than 
just textbooks and finals. "College isn't 
the real world: Revelle wisely reflected . 

Dr. Revelle 's accomplishments have 
been primarily in oceanogaphy and in 
the use of science and technology to 
help solve problems of developing 
countries. He has been lauded "one of 
the twO or three most aniculate 
spokesmen for science in the western 
world ," by the New Yom Times. 

Long associated with the University 
of California, he was the director of the 
Scripps Institution of Oceanography 
from 1951 to 1964, and was 
instrumental in founding the San Diego 
campus of the UniverSity. 

Revelle College was named after him 
in 1965. "They named a college after me 
instead of making me chancellor," 
Revelle said, jokingly. 

In this month's issue of OMNI Dr. 
Revelle is featured in an in-depth 
interview. He spoke of the increasing 
amount of C02 in the atmosphere and 
ItS potential results (the "greenhouse 
effect") and also of the surge in world 
population. 

It was back in the '50s when Revelle 
first became concerned about the 
"greenhouse effect" and how it could 
alter the climatic regions on Earth. 
Because of the increase of C02 in the 
air (from the use of fossil fuels), infrared 
radiation is being trapped inside the 
atmosphere, causing temperatures to 
rise. 

"We expect to see important 
consequences when the C02 level is 
double what it was in the 19th century." 

said Revelle in hiS interview. "At the 
present rate. that will happen in the 
middle of the next century " 

It was in 1961 that he was exposed to 
these realmes of underdeveloped 
countries. PreSident Kennedy appointed 
him to head a team of sciennsts and 
'engineers that would study Pakistan's 
problems in land and water 
development. 

The group of scientists educated the 
Pakistanis on better methods of 
agriculture, and in a shon ten years, the 
country's annual production d?ubled. 

Dr. Revelle first came to Scripps, 
where he was one of the five graduate 
students enrolled, in 1931 Today, there 
are over 175 students scattered around 
the world . He received his PhD in '36 
with hiS analyzation of sediment cores 
from the Pacific Ocean, and became an 
instructor "with a magnificent salary of 
$1,800 per year." 

During World War ll, Revelle and 
other oceanographers worked on 
improving the Navy's submarine hide-
and-seek intelligence. Their studies on 
beach and sea swells led to successful 
landings at Normandy. 

Besides taking a leading role in 
establishing the UC$D campus, Revelle 
has been involved with, and headed, 
more scientific organizatiOns and 
committees than one can keep track of. 
He was vice preSIdent of the American 
Academy of Ans and Sciences, and in 
1955 was president of the American 
Association for the Advancement of 
Science. 

He holds J 2 honorary degrees from 
around the world, and will be receiVing 
another in MiamI. 

Dr. Revelle will be teaching two 
courses thiS spring, Involving both of 
his most prestigious subjects: 
oceanography and the world population . 
Both of these are under the Science, 
Technology and Public Affairs 
Department. 

The students seem to be Roger 
Revelle's greatest joy. He tries to speak 
with them as often as his busy schedule 
permits. 

Revelle summed up his feelings about 
UCSD: ")'m very proud of the 
University, I feel it has a chance to be 
one of the world's greatest." 

You need accurate information in a 
professionalsettinq with 
qua ran teed confidentiality. 
You'll find it at.. . 

rmJ- FAMILY PLANNING ASSOCIATES MEDICAL GROUP 
• Free preqnancy testing 
• Pregnancy terminations with 

qeneral or local anesthesia 
• Birth control • Counseling 
OUr stall gynecologists and nUrH practitionefs specialize in pr0-
viding lhe services you need al an affoldable prica. We accept 
Medi·Cal , Private Insurance, VISA, Mastercard . 

SAil DIEIO 
&495 Alvarado Rd . 
(619) 217·1226 



4 Match 8. 1<)84 
OPINION 

Editorial 

A radical change in master plan 
Next year, Revelle students will have a form of 

housing that has never been available to them - on-
campus aparrments. Truly, this should be a victory 
for Revelle College, which has been the only UCSD 
college without a contiguous apanment complex. But, 
in fact, the triumph is not as great as many had 
hoped. 

The "new" Revelle apanments will be the old 
Warren apanments. The Warren smdents are getting 
the new apanments being built on the nonh side of 
campus. (See news story, p . 7.) If this sounds fine to 
you, pick up your general catalog and read the 
"UCSD College System" section. You will learn that 
Roger Revelle , UCSD's founder , originated the four-
college system that we have as an alternate to the 
typical, impersonal "rnegaversity." His intent was that 
each of the colleges would have its own philosophy, 
emphasis and graduation requirements. Pan of the 
plan included separate housing arrangements for the 
colleges so that students would have a sense of 
belonging to a specific community. Many students 
say it was exactly this philosophy that brought them 
to UCSD in the first place. 

By placing the Revelle apanments in the phYSical 
center of the Warren Campus, the college system 
begins to lose meaning. Revelle students will be 
scattered across campus. Soon, the college affiliation 
will mean little more than a series of General Ed. 
requ irements. 

For those who live in the dorms, the collegiate 
identity is endangered in a more subtle way, starring 
next year. According to the Revelle resident dean's 
office, room assignments will be made through a 

A preview of Super Tuesday 

" u't's see Harry ... give me number three. 
I want to look humble this time .... " 

The Guardian invites our readers to make use of the opinion 
section as an open forum to present and exchange their views 
on any subject. Letters and articles may be sent to the Opinion 
Editor at the Guardian , B-016, UCSD, La Jolla , CA 92093 or 
brought to our offices adjacent to the Che Cafe. Requirements 
for letters and Commentary pieces are outlined below. 

Commentary pieces may be submitted by any concerned 
individual. Pieces should be typed double-spaced on a 72-
characte r line. Articles may be rebuttals to a Guardian story or 
letter. Whatever the subject , the writer should focus on a clear 
thesis. We reserve the right to edit for clarity and style, but all 
major changes will be cleared with the author pnor to 
publication whenever possible. 

Letters [0 [he edItOr should be typed as above. Le tters are 
generaUy wrinen in regard to articles or other letters pnnted in 
the Guardian . However, any letter of general intrest to UCSD 
students will be considered for publication. Letters may be 
edited when space requires , and spelling and grammatical 
errors may be corrected. The writer's name and phone number 
must accompany every article and letter. 

lottery system similar to the one UClA now uses. 
Under this system, you will no longer be able to 
select where you will live. In fact, you may be 
aSSigned hOUSing in the dorms of a college other 
than your own. 

While these housing changes do not mean that the 
college system will die overnight or even in a few 
years, it does represent a serious deviation from the 
stated philosophy of UCSD. The first step has been 
taken to change from our time-honored system of big 
school/small colleges to the impersonal system of 
schools like UClA and Berkeley. 

The expansion of the campus, including a new 
Engineering building, the possibility of a new Law 
School on the horizon and increasing enrollment, 
joins with this radical change in housing and places 
UCSD on the "megaversity" path. 

Gone will be t~e close-knit, family atmosphere of 
the individual colleges that gives incoming freshmen 
and continuing students a sense of college identity. 
The shock of entering the University will no longer 
be buffered by the small college feel that can be 
psychologically important to the student . 
overwhelmed by the immense campus. 

The first crack has appeared in the facade of the 
unique system here at UCSD .. The first step has been 
taken toward the impersonalization of our campus. 
The University of California, San Diego campus was 
born 20 years ago as a unique vision of educators. 
Now, it seems our campus is destined to evolve into 
a school like all other UC campuses - large and 
impersonal. So much for the master plan. 

could be a 
Features WItter 

Leave your name 
& number at the 

x3466 

.. 

Editor 
Tim August 

Managing Editor 
Phil Uiuder 

Copy Editor 
Joe Desiderio 

Opinion Editor 
Grace Nielsen 

Conttibuting Opinion Editor 
David Wolf 

News Editor 
Lisa Lapin 

Conttibutin& News Editors 
Christopher Canole 
Steven R. Friedman 

Phil WiDon 

Ans Editor 
Andrew Keeler 

Associate Ans Editor 
John ee 

Spons Editor 
JcffSavage 

Photo Editor 
Rich Peqak 

General Manl8er 
Chris Milke 

Associate General Managers 
Linda Lewis 

Valerie McMuUin 

Photographers 
Richard Caterina 
Rob Friedenthal 
Mark Johnson 
David NeweU 

Illwtrators 
John Ashlee 

Steve Kloepfer 

Typeseaers 
Joe Desiderio 
An 'e La id P"La~r 

Andy Laurence 

Production 
Paul FaIWeU 

Rob Friedenthal 
Lizz FuUer 
KeUey Neal 

Karla Spencer 
StdWriters 

Lance Bernard, Ethan Feerst, 
David FIe minger, Roben Geyer, 

Mike Greenberg, Sergio Klier, Ian 
Langdon, Robert Leone, Michael 

Panos, Dena Rosen. 

The UCSD Guardian is 
published Mondays and 
Thursdays during the academic 
year by students at UCSD. Views 
expressed in the Guardian do not 
represent the views of the Regents 
of the University of California or 
the Associated Students of UCSD. 
All un-initialled editorials 
represent the views of the entire 
editorial board of the Guardian; 
initialled editorials represent 
minority opinions of the editorial 
board . Reproduction, publication, 
or any use without permission of 
any ponion of this newspaper 
without prior notification is strictly 
prohibited . 

The Guardian welcomes signed 
letters and commentaty as outlined 
in the Opinion section; however, 
we ilre not responsible for 
unsolicited manuscripts or art. 

Our olIke is located suutheast of 
lhe ReveUe Provost Office next 
door to the Chc Cafe on the UCSD 
campus. 1 he Business Office IS 
open from 9 am to noon and 1 pm 
to 5 pm Monday through Friday. 

Subscriptions .Ire available ilnd 
Will be mailed first c1a~s for $15 per 
quarter 

The UCSD Guardian 
UCSD,8-016 

La Jolla, California 92093 
(619) +52-H66 

March 8, 1984 5 
OPINIO'\ 

..... .... • •• ~. ..... .... • • 1; ~. • .. 

How many eggs does 
your dog lay in a week? 
By PHIL lAUDER 

"Goldfish make the greatest pets. 
They don't bark. they don't bite , they 
don't tear up the curtains. Best of aU , 
when they die, you flush 'em down the 
turler." 

That was Archie Bunker's philosophy 
on pets. It was a philosophy hardened 
by years of living in Queens, New York, 
listening to aUey cats by night and 
stepping in dog stulI by day (~Hey, 
Barney, Rusty's doin' a number on my 
lawn again.") Nonetheless, anyone who 
has had the pleasure of scraping large 
mounds of foreign matter from the front 
lawn, or anyone who has had only two 
eyes, lots of teeth and a vety taut tail 
between him and a friend's doorbeU -
and never quite made it - wiD 
appreciate Mr. Bunker's wisdom. 

I must say I agree with the spirit of 
this Bunkerism. I am not a pet hater, 
but sometimes America's mainstream 
pets get on my nerves. My favorite pet is 
not so mainstream - at least In Its hve 
form. Perhaps if chickens tasted a litde 
less good , people would realize what 
very nice pets they make. 

I suppose dogs are the most common 
pets. I don't know; given the choice of 
creature ! would like to greet me by 
jumping. on me, lacking my face and 
knocking me to the floor, I would not 

pick a canine. 
People get too attached to their dogs. 

The family dog for the past 17 years 
(that's. 119 to you and me) bites the 
dust, and the household is plunged into 
mourning for weeks. Worst of aU, there's 
no way to flush a dead dog "down the 
turlet" - I don't care how you tty. So 
the family goes to the pet mortuary and 
buys a mahogany casket for the lost 
family member, and blows $600 on a 
pet funeral . 

Admittedly, I don't have a lot of 
respect for dogs. I'm sorry. I realize that 
I probably have more germs than the 
generic canine, but I'm used to mine. I 
don't know about the dog's .. " 

Cats are much meUower. Remove the 
claws and they're downright docile. 
Even with the claws they're far less 
menacing than their canine 
counterparts; I've yet to see a sign that 
reads, "Beware of Car." Also, felines lend 
to keep the licking business to 
themselves. But I'm still not sure I want 
to deal with the worm shots and the 
kitty litter and the spaying and the fur 
aU over my pants. Nope, cats aren't the 
ideal pets either. 

General housebound pets are also 
abundant. Parakeets, hampsters , guinea 
pigs and yes, even fish an make decent 

How to make peace with Tolstoy: 

If the academic wars are getting you down, declare a rease-fire. Take a break 
with a rich and chocolatey cup of SuisSt? Moch.l. It's just one of six ddiciously 
differen t flavors from 
General Foods ' 
International Coffees. 

GEN ERAL FOODS ' INTERNAflONAL CClFIEES. 
AS MU H J\ FEF.L1NG AS A FI.AVOR 

Available at: University Bookstore 
c. Gentral FOOd. COtpot'IIIOn l~J L-_..J 

pets, whether they're flushable or not. 
There's really nor much I can gripe 
about with Ihese pets; they are standard , 
basic and, best of all, fairly short-lived 
creatures which aren't too bothersome. If 
I had my choice - assuming I couldn't 
have a chicken - I would probably get 
a parrot. A trainable parrot. Stanley. 
Stanley the Trainable Parrot. He'd be 
green and he'd sing. He'd better sing; I 
paid damn good money for him. 

Exotic animals - e.g., snakes, gila 
monsters, aUigators - also make 
intriguing pets. However, forget to cover 
the aquarium JUSt once and the 
honeymoon's over. 

All of which brings me to my favorite 
pet. I realize that most people would 
rather see a chicken with mashed 
potatoes and gravy than with feathers 
and a beak, but chickens are damn cute . 
They have as much personality as any 
dog, cat, parakeet or chameleon, and 
they are so practical. Have you seen the 
price of eggs lately? How many eggs 
does your dog lay a week? 

Ch ickens make fantastic trash 
compactors. They'll eat anything you 
don't or won't. Also, chickens are 
inexpensive both to buy and to care for; 
give them a coop, some grain and water 

and a small area to run around in and 
they're happy forever. 

Since chickens are cheap, since they 
don't require much space, and since 
they won't run over 10 the neighbor'S 
lawn and leave a non-refundable 
deposit, it makes sense to get several 
chickens at once. Ten to 15 chickens in 
a yard form a fascinating microcosmic 
society; studying them can tell you a lot 
about our own society. For instance, 
throw one meat scrap into the yard and 
you'lI see a mad scramble, revealing at 
once the laws of nature, as the strongest 
two or three chi cke ns battle it out for 
that damn meat scrap. One will grab it 
and run around the yard; at its tail in 
hor pursuit are the others - some get 
trampled, some give up, some are full 
enough already and don't care. The 
strongest, fastest chicken catches up to 
the frontrunner and engages him in a 
beak-lo-beak lug-of·war. If they're lucky, 
the scrap will rip in twO; if not, they 
could be there for hours. 

Throw a meat scrap ontO Revelle 
Plaza and you'll see the same behavior. 

Chickens are cute. chickens are 
cheap, chickens are practical, chickens 
are interesting. Best of aU. when they 
die , you EAT THEM. 

For highlights as natural· 
looking as sunlight. give us 
a call. We use Redken® 
color enhancers tor extra 
gentleness and superior 
color selection. 

WIIH 
SUMMER-

SHINE. 
@RfDKEN 

Salon Pmcnpuon em,rr 

r-------------------------------~ Huntrldae Hairstyles : 
would like to introdUce you to the fine art of I 

SUn Kissing. : 
I BrIng a friend and let us start your Spring Break I 

with some sparkling shiny highlights, I 

Two for $35.00 with this ad. : 
Call 454-0785 for an appointment. I 

Located at the Summer House Inn on La Jolla Shores Dr, I 
Offer expires April 15. 1984. : 

---------------------------------

_.--------------------------



6 Mwdl 8, 1<J8~ 
NEW., 
~~. ...,.... ,"" ••• ' •• .;. ~ -,", ........ ~''''~''' ,~ ~ ••• ~" •• "'. • ,~ •. «:..:,. • , ,'~ 

Faculty 
COnrlnllCd from page 3 
expected to work a maximum of l5 
hours a week at $4.40 an hour. 

"This is a fine program and an be 
beneficial to both faculty and students. 
Faculty members are far from knowing 
what they're doing at aU times. Research 
is something that they agonize over, 
change their mind .... You don't get to be 
perfect as you get higher in the 
academic field , you just realize your 
imperfections," said professor Jacqueline 
Wiseman to the students as she 
presented her talk last Monday, 
Februaty 27, on "The Research Progress: 
Its Challenges, and Its Trials and 
Tribulations." The presentation was the 
first of a series of talks to be given by 

professors to en hance students' 
understanding of the academIC research 
field . 

Twenty-five faculty members applied 
for the program this year and l8 were 
selec ted . "We look for professors who 
have a commitment to academIC and 
social sense, also, those who have an 
active research project going," said 
Aguilar. 

To apply for the program, a student 
submits an application stating his field 
of interest, a proposal of what he wants 
to do, and his educational goal. Students 
and faculty members are matched 
according to their field of interest. 
However, some of the students in the 
program feel that this is not the case. 

Lisa Berry,a literature major, is doing 
a mentorship with Alan Mitchell, a 

his tory professor, "I know nothing about 
history. I have never taken a hIStory 
course in my life ," commented Berry. 
Consequently, she spent the first quaner 
learning about history. "I am only d oing 
reading, not researching," said Berry. 
MitcheU has asked for someone who 
knows German and French. Since Berry 
speaks French and is studying German, 
she was matched with MitcheU. 
However, Berry expressed enthusiasm 
over her project, "I am so interested in 
it, I want to minor in history now." 

Another student, Ada Chan, 
expressed dissatisfaction with the 
project in whkh she is engaged. "I was 
stuck doing filing through the first 
month , five hours a day, which is not 
fun . I rarely sec my mentor, not e~n for 
half an hour a week." However, she 

qualified that the fault does not lie with 
the program. "I feel that the faculty 
mentor program is very good , JUSt 
personally I find the project I'm involved 
with dissatisfYing. Maybe due to the lack 
of personal interaction with my 
professor: said Chan. 

Aguilar urges students to discuss 
complai nts with their mentors. "We are 
not proViding free labor for faculty 
members. If you don't say anything, 
professors would assume that you like 
what you're doing: 

Those who wish to apply to the 
Faculty Mentor Program for next school 
year should call 452-6708 and leave 
their names and addresses. "We hope to 
expand the program next year. It aU 
depends on how much funding we will 
receive," said Aguilar. 

SENIOR NURSE 
STUDENTS 

Adventure ... Challenge ... 
Professionalism! 

An exciting job with 
opportunities for world-wide 
travel , career development, 
professional growth, excellent 
benefits. BSN graduates or 
senior students are eligible. If 
you're going to be someone, 
special...Be a Navy Nurse! For 
more information call 293-
6746, 8 am - 4 pm, Monday -
Wednesday. 

CONTEMPOMP.Y ART 
pMsents: JOE GOODE 

Son FIOlCI5co dona!r/d'ooreog'opher 
wllh9,Je5taTtsr 

LMa Dlankmon 
In A Perforrnanc» of 

I SATURDAY 1 
I MARCH 101 
18:00 p.m.) 
Sherwood AudIt. 
700 Prospect St. 
56.00 Gen Adm 
55.00 JIUdenrs/ 

seniors 

rltRall rovel 
Int.motlonal 

and COUNCIL TRAVEL 
present: 

Independent Travel 
Throuah Europe 

Leom Abo\F the BasIcs: 
- Brirroll 
- TrO\le'l Gear 
- Foreign Currency 
- Alghrs 
- Euroll 
- International Student 10 Cord 
- Youth Hostels 
- Budget Accommodations 
- Travel Uterorure 

and much morel 
~nd our FREE s.mlnar on 

Marth 12, 19~, 5:()(). 7:00 pm / 
Norfh Contw.nc. Room 
~15 will be served. RSVP bv 

~2-~SlJ9b.lO... __ 

Third to Revell~, Revelle to 'Warren, Muir to ? 

Housing mumble jumble 
killing the college system 
By INGRID GREENBERG 

Faced with piecemeal housing on one hand and high enrollment on the other, the Housing Task Force has decided to sacrifice the aUlonomy of 
UCSO's multi<oUege system. Mixed feelings and 
ambivalence prevail after this decision to relocate 
many students next year. 

"Warren has enough of an identity crisis as it is," 
said Sracy McCanhy, a resident advisor at Warren . "If 
we're moved 10 the new apartments, we IWarren 
students J wiU reaDy be losl." 

Although Stacy could not complain about the 
prospect of living in the new apanments under 
construction eaSl of Central Library, she regretted that 
there was not a better way to solve the hOUSing 
problems. "In a subtle way," noted Peter Kim , a Third 
College resident advisor, "this is the beginning of the 
c\emise of the college system ." 

In anticipation of the September, 1984 completion 
of the new apartments, a Housing Task Force set the 
criteria so that each college could oller hOUSing of 
equal number and deSIgn . Sometimes referred to as 
"Miramar apartments," these new reSIdences will 
prOVide 844 spaces, 552 of which are designated for 
undergraduates. The remaining 292 spaces will fall 
under the reSidential apanment program that proVides 
housing for married students , single parents and single 
graduate students. 

Despite the good intent of the rask force . its 
decision contradicts UCSD's Master Plan. In 1963, 
Roger Revelle founded UCSD, borrowing from the 
Oxford and Cambridge concept that arranges a 
"family" of coUeges, each with its own special flavor. 
Funhermorc, even the 1983-84 UCSD catalog explains 
that the design of the multi-college system aUows 
UC;D students "to gain a sense of belonging through 
afliliation with one of the campus' semi-autonomous 
colleges." 

Eyebrows also raise at the aesthetics and design of 
the new apanments. Even though the apanments are 
hardly finished , it troubles some that they are modeled 
after the controversial "Habitat," a revolutionary 
housing project designed by Sadie Moshe. Shown at 
the 1967 Montreal World's Fair, "Habitat" was 
criticized both because it looked unlike any piece of 
architecture that had ever been produced before thaI 
time and because it suffered from miscalculations and 

-----

mistakes that made it terribly costly, panially inefficient 
and occasionaUy unworkable . 

Bob Booker, project director of construction, stressed 
that the current blueprints vary from the original 
"Habitat" in many positive aspects. While a pre<asted 
Habitat unit required 5100,000 in 1967, Turnkey 
Design and Construction Company builds a two-
bedroom unit for only $50,000 in 1983-84 using 
traditional methods. Booker insisted that the new 
apanments will have a nice appeal. 'They shouldn't 
appear as standard old dormitories. Hopefully the new 
apartments will brmg forth a dillerent perspective of 
the way student housing should be: 

The apartments, four large split-level bUIldings, wilt 
stagger in height, from twO stories around the 
perimeter to six stories in the center. Each high-
denSity construction will contain roughly S6 units, 
reaturing four roof deck terraces and a commun~1 

laundry area. Elevators, patios and balconies will add 
to the overaU comfon of living. 

While conforming to the California Handicap Law, 
eight of the 225 units are specificaUy designed for 
handicapped people. These units offer wider doors, 
grab bars, large bathtubs and other amenities. 

As the new apanments lie on the edge of the 
campus, the blueprints stipulate a mailroom, meeting 
room space, lounge and cooking facilities for parties. 

Speaking optimistically, Booker said, "It Will be tight 
'10 house the students for faU quanerJ. but it's 
conceivable that with a little bit of luck, no rain for 
example , we'll meet our contractual date." 

When the day comes 10 shift residences, UCSD 
students will experience co nflicting feelings . As ReveUe 
Junior Greg Breit[ said, "It's going to break down the 
college feeling, but I think it will be nice to have 
apanments after living twO years in the dormitones: 

Modeled afttr the contrOlltrsiai 'Habitat, ' the new apartments are criticiZed for their cost and ineffICiency. 

For the 1984 Stanford Summtr Stasion Bulltlin and 
application , lNillhis coupon 10 Stanford Summtr Session, 

Buildlll, 10, Stanford University, Stanford, CA 94305. 

I-y parch~f ~~IO or more I 
• We aleo honor all STANFORD 

SUMMER 
A-
N 

JUNE 2S TIlROUGH AUGUST 18 
All sludtnls IllIIOOd standi", art onviltd 10 allt nd. 

-----

, 1030 Torrey Pi.ee Rd. 
at Herec:heI 

Ex";r. MardI 14, 1984. La Jolla 

Now 0pe .. 1 
1774 Garaet A"e. 

Pacific Plaza 

914. VW. BMW. AUDI Service 
German Car Specialists 

All work fully !(uaranteed • Factory-Trained Specialist 
Monday-Friday 8 am - 5:30 pm. Saturday 8 am - 5 pm 

(619) 454·7823 I 14630 Mission Bay Drive 
(619) 454·3705 " .... 1 (l-S to Balboa Exit) (619) 275.1132 . • __ San Diego, CA. 92109 
* We use and recommend Kmdlliltoj} Lubricants to our customers. * 

------------------,-------------------UCSD SPECIAL: 10% OFF 
4 cyJ Tune-Up $45 I On All Other Repairs 
6 cyJ Tune-Up $65 I (Except Motor & Transmission Overhaul) 

With This Coupon I With This Coupon 
(Nul valid Wllh allY ullter rou/JlJII) : (Not valid wilh any. olMr roupon) 



8 Mardt 8, /98-+ 
• ,~ ~ ....... ".~ ~~ ... ' .~, • :: ••• :::; ~ .;. '> " : ~. . ,it • ~ ~ .", .... N ..~. .. 

112~V 
Volumn 10 

ACADEMIC 
INFO 

Number 10 Winter Quarter 
HEALTHFUL HINTS 

HIGHLIGHTS ••• 
••• from Health Education and the 

• Dean's 
Interns 

March 9 - Final Day to drop classes Student Health Advocates 
without" F" grade. This is the first of a series of healthful 
March 19 - C lass confirmation hints from Health Education and 
available at regisrrars. Student Health Advocates, UCSD 

- Free Day Student Health Services. We wdcome 
March 20 - Finals Begin your input and questions for future 
March 23 - Final day to file "request to health topics. 
receive grade incomplete" Clockwise around table: Sal Veal, Tamara Hurley (yearbook intern), Katy Because March is Nutrition Month, 
March 24 - SPRING BREAK BEGINS! Haberkern, Provost Bond, Yolanda Garcia (Asliltant Dean), Mal'lot here are some hints for healthy eating: 
t-----------------1 Gordon and Ned Young. Food alone cannot make you 

GOING ON A 
CLASS HUNT 

• There are four dean's interns who work at the Revelle Community Center under the but good t:ating habits can 
supervision of Yolanda Garcia. Margot Gordon, CAB intern; Sal Vt.'3S, Noon help! Some common sense nutrition 
Programming Board intern ; Nd Young, Faculty-Student Programming Board intern; and to guide your healthy eating arc: 
Katy Haberkern, RL'tICllutiQTlS intern . Each intern has different responsibilities, and each 1. Eat a variety of foods. 

Re c reation classes provide works in the Community Center/ Commuter Lounge. 2. Eat low-fat meats likt! chickt!n 
participants with special moments of Individual responsibilities vary grt!atiy : The CAB intern is responsiblt: for maintaining fish. Cut down on the fatter red 
rest and rdaxation. It is important to rt'sources for commutt:rs. This year Margot has put on St'veral commuter brt'akfasts for saturated fat and cholt!Strol. 
occasionally interrupt your busy commuters to meet people like the dean and the provost, and student govt!rnment 3. Avoid fried foods or any 
schedule and take the time needed to members. She also acquired a copy machine for the Lounge, and is in the process of prepared with excessive oil. 
restore sanity. RecreatJon classes are the helping get a kiosque for Revelle Plaza. 4. Eat beans and whole grains co ~~""""I 
perfect means to achieve much needed The NPB intern is responsible for programming noon events such as concerts and the adequate amounts of starch and fibt:r . 
(a nd ea r ned) brea ks wi t ho ut like. ThiS year Sal has programmed many concerts, street dancing exhibitions, a magician, 5. Eat plenty of frt:sh fruits and 
committing yourself to more time than and a Halloween haunted hous.: . vegetables. Avoid highly processed 
your ovcrboohd schedule can handle. The FSPB intt:rn is responsible for planmnto: Faculty-Student get-togethers. This year canned or frozen foods. 
They are non-credit, low cost classes Ned has put on several Brown-Bag Lunches, Faculty Firesides, Z theatre nights, and 6 . Cut down on sugary foods and drinks. 
designed specifically to tah people away provost luncheons. Fruit and juice can replace lloulllhniutsil 
from their hectic days. Hidden below Th.: Rlwlluuons in t.:rn is editor of the Rt'tol.!/lutions newslettt:r . This year the format was and soda. 
(horizontally, vertically, and diagonally) changL.J from an 8 page newsletter to a one-page:, bi-monthly ad in The cn.urJwn. 7. Avoid too much sodium and salt. 
arc the various rec classes available for Each intern works with a board uf students who assists him or her in carrying o ut his or 8. Read food labels and avoid foods with 
your .:njoyment. Included are old her responsibilities. artificial ingredients. 
favorites -_ conditioning, yoga, shiatsu, If you are interested In trying out fo r Revelle intern for next year, applications will be 9 . Maintain your ideal weight. 
etc. -- and some new kids -- Day At, available March 10th at the Revelle Dean's office. Being an intt:rn is a challento:ing and 10. If you drink alcohol, do so in 
abdom.:n exercise, magic, origami, jump rewarding position, ami a great way to get involwd. moderatt' amounts. 
rope, and Back to Basics. Take the time I-~~~:""'::---~--"':=---"':"-'::"--------""""---r'r------t 11. Eat in a slow, relaxed, and joyous 
to find the class for you (or find a1l3Z t~()M""\V ILu ..... -.< annosphere -- like the commons! 
and then mah your St'lectlon). A V U '-.III \ Check out the: table tents at the 
complete list of classes (if you neeJ any () t= I commons and dining rooms around 
hints) can bt: found In A Class Act, f iilIt..J I I~ .&L~ campus, sponsored by us and UCSD 
available at the Office of Campus ~ 1"'IIIIIIlII~ .39.. Food St'rvices. Look for these topics: 
Recreation. To receiw A Class Act in Burn Up Calorit:s, Carbohydratt:s, 
the mail, send your name and mall cooe Sports Diets, and Weight Control. You 
to Kathy Odell, S-005. Sign ups begin can also find Nutrition News (March, 
May 19. 1984), the UCSD Food Services' 
".J .... INS£lfO£rfJlS£AQt.J 
flllIlISICI[' [ II(MOO''''''Utll[ 
IYI"lutll ... IMAll:!illll;( 
MHAWTllll".I Sli rUtO\ONO T 05 

10 D '" 1 S, I r ,} Y w 0 l II" I" V II I 
,.,5$1I11, .. , [ .. ,tI0"" . '''' 
• llfOli'M' .... WIt ' ,."O OlS NllII 

'A rtus, .. I MSTO" lIIlJlOT' 
T(WIIJ[[[VM II01 "' UCI ¥ll[1I 
" 1 to [ " I I .. Ii ( W 0 .. S M S It I_ C f 1 S t; 
'OtlSUIODC5liSM1JII1UIloOtL 

JlZJS DVCAGOAlIOcC'I'Wl'l 

tTL1(fWOII O'.lrA\OV[JI[lJ 
V ([ .. :!.f5.11SSSHI .... 'I CC. S'l 
'"55 ... ,[,[, ... ,11l"I(5A,5 
.. 1["", .. 'II,IIOI1101lI:l l . 0 
,5[1\10[,.10&00 .. 4U .... [[I11"_ 

~[[l.'",uO.l'A"I"OV"'SC YIol 
o , • , .. III C II: Q 0 J l (['OM S ( I 0 0, t 
1~"~MI'OCCA'AQU(Tllltlll 
lUSII'I.,nl,lillIllOO",PlOA' 

JAN1CINAIWl.,o,anDClON! 

"~t l0" "l"[IjOICMlDlt:l OfU 

REVELLE R.A. 
APPLICATIONS 

NOW AVAILABLE 
Spring Fever Hist Revelle College! 
The selection proce~~ tor next year '~ 
positions on the various Revelle student 
guvernment cummittet:s will soon bel(i n! 
The first deaJllne coming up is April 9 , 
the last day to file an application tor one 
of the 6 elected spotS on n~xt year's 
Revell.: College CounCil. CanJidates 
wtll run In the April 18th AS elections 
for the RevelJ.:'s executiVe' student 
governm.:nt committee. Applicatiuns 
arc avatlabl.: at the ProvOSt'S Offic.:. Stay 
tun.:d for mure announcements 
rega rding applications tor thl' vartuus 
programming boards and also the 
Curriculum Revil'w and juJicial 
committees. 

~""""AROUND THE PLAZA-........ 
Friday, March 9 .. NPB presents uThe Amating 

Rano", a magic act, in the Commuter Lounge. 
Monday, March 12 -Intern. Applications 

available at Revelle Dean's Office. 
Monday, March 19 - Free Day .. No Classes 

COMMUTER COLUMN by Margot Gordon 
CommutCTs, do you always fed like the University has its hand in your wallet? Wdl, 

bdieve itor not, therear.: a lot of small ways to pay hack your heavy investment. If you just 
look around ca refully, you will suddenly see all the fn:ebies UCSD has to offer: 
1) ICE CREAM SOCIALS: These <!:I tlng events are Je:'lIigned to aCLjuaint the deSSt'rt 
r.:cipient with a campus organization , committee or upcoruing event. Check around 
campus for posters offering ic.: crea m and come with yuur spo(.ln for some great eating. 
2) Noon t:vcnts: This entertainment ma y va ry from concerts to clmcers, speakers or even 
magicians. All the .:vents arc gratis and anyone can attend. Fur more into on these events, 
check the Commuter Loun~e CalenJa r alW Tlte (JuurJlull. 
3) UC Extension aasses: Each 4wrter lJC EXt~lSIU1l offers a I miteJ number of free 
cuurse~ to UC students. Tht: Ja tes to sign up for th .: .: deals, inc udmg suc h courses as 
wine-ta tin~ , IntruJuctory French, and BUSiness Accountinl(, an: listeJ in the ca lenda r 
page in the 4uarterly class chedules. 
4) Intramural Teams: variOus sports---Inner tube wa ter polu, HawaIian Football, and 
Floor Hockey---are offered ~'aLh 4uarter thrOugh the Ret: . o':partment. Anyone can set up 
a team or l'WIl jOin a new on.:. Meetlnl(s to se t the teams anJ play times tor the 4uarter arc 
listeJ in the Rec. Department. 
S) Computer Time: The Ulliversity oHers eadt ~tudent free accuunts to use the 
computers. Students can get th<'5e accountS through the omputer Cente r in APM o n the 
first t10m. 
6) Had Krishna Fudge: The Krishnas arc hJtJ ,It work to Jirect your spi rituality. They 
uflt:r fudge as a way to ~et yuur attention. Hey, at lea¥t if you don't cha n!:e your rt:ilgion, 
you L,ln fe~d your lace. They «111 ~ IOun..! on thle" Plaza on any sunny Jay! 

These arc ju!>t a few of the Ill ,my tree irllms this campus offers. If you take ,Idvantagc of 
all these trl'cbles, the cost of coll.:~e may not only seem reasonable, but even a bargain. 
Who knuws, with all these ~pcdals, yuu may nevle"r want to leave! 

nutrition newslettt:r, at the commons. 
Healthy eating to you! 

Dalynn T. Proffitt 
Health Educator 

ORIENTATION 
LEADERS: 

Congratulations to the follOWing 
students who have been St'lected as 
Orientation Leaders for 1984/85! 
Cynthia Asper Mukhtar Joonal 
Grelory Breit Karen Kwiecien 
Heather BridFman 
Patrick Burke Julie Nefkens 
Kurt Dogwiler Saraha Spear 

Ichord Sal Veaa GE1T~IN~G~--I1 
INVOLVED: 

'84 .. '85 
Do you have energy, enthusiasm, and 
pt:oplc skills? Maybe you' re the person 
we're looking for. We will be hiring 18 
Resident Advisors for th.: Revelle 
Residence Halls and 4 tor the Revelle 
Apartments, Pick up referrals for one or 
both positions at Student Employment. 
Closlnl! Date March 23, 1984. 

For UCSD swimmers it's post time 
By ROBERT GEYER 

As Ihe wintcr quarter draws to a 
close and ftnals stare down 
unflinchingly upon us, there is a group 
of UC D students who can't wail for 
t1nals to sta rt. Who else, but Ihe Triton 
swimmers who have been training 
themselves senseless for thc past five 
momhs 10 anucipation of the Nationals 
just before finals ; women's nationals 
take place March 8-10, and men's 
nationals take place March 15-17 in 
Atlanta , Georgia. 

There IS no time in a swimmer's 
career as eXCIting as the 
championships or end-of-the-season 
meets. The swimmers are tapered and 
shaved down (men shave their legs 
along with the women ). All season long 
they have been running themselves 
ragged, always tired , always sore, so 
that when the taper comes they have so 
much extra energy that they drive each 
other nuts trying to work it off. 

The Triton men's team is the 
strongest ever. Lcd by the incredible 
Bill Kazmierowicz, the Tritons placed 
third in the Pac-West Championship 
meet, behind two Division I schools. 
What they have is high quality with 
good depth . As assistant coach Jon 
Irwin says, "We have a lot more quality 
than ever before , especially in our 
relays." As for depth , head coach Bill 
Morgan mentioned that in some of the 
relays, if one of the swimmers was 

Bill Kazmitrowicz is ranla:d .first at the Nationals in the 100-, 200- and 500-yard freestyle events. 

Dave Reed eyts a first piau in the breaststroke. 

injured, a replacement would be easily 
found with little ill effect. 

What the team has developed mOSt 
of aU over the season has been the 
feeling of being a team. In the 
beginning of the season, no one 
seemed to care about his fellow 
swimmers. Support was unknown and 
helping one's teammate to "psych up" 
was ignored , as an out of tune band on 
the RcveUe Plaza. Yet, as Nationals 
approached, things turned around. 
Butch Krammer, a paticularly verbose 
swimmer, stated , "We were a little slow 
getting together, but now we have a lot 
of support . This team is going to do 

THIRD COLLEGE 
WANTS 

YOU 
FOR R.A. 

Applications for the 1984-85 position of Resident Advisor at Third 
College Apartments and Matthews Dorms are now being accepted. All 
int(rested students should go to their college student financial aid office 
by March 16 and pick up Job Referral #OW 4241. Bring the job 
referral to Third ColleKe Dean'. Office in tht! Fireside Lounge and 

you will receive a complete application packet. 

APPLICA TION DEADLINE: 
March 16, 4:00 p,m. 

If you have any questions, call 452-4340 

some damage and bring home some 
hardware." Krammer continued, "UCSD 
will definitely be recognized. The worst 
we should do is fourth and best should 
be second." Last year they were lIfth. 

With a feeling of team togetherness 
comes a feeling of a team "psych up." 
Some swimmers. such as freshman long 
distance freestyler Jeff Enright, find the 
whole idea of Nationals "amazing." To 
sprinter Dave Reed, the idea "totaUy 
psychs me up." Even for the 
experienced two-time Nationals 
swimmer Pete Ackhoff, the psyc h is 
there in his knowledge thac this year's 
team is "the best team" UCSD has ever 
had. Finally, the Triton men have a 

Business and 
Technical Majors 
Highly responsible positions 
for college seniors and 
graduates (through age 34) in 
financial and logistic support. 
The Navy Supply Corps needs 
highly qualified, dynamic 
individuals to lead and 
manage large inventory and 
financial networks. Salary 
$18,500 to s tar:!., $34,000 after 
4 years. Excellent benefits 
package. Need 8A1B ,U.S. 
citizenship. Call Naval 
Management Program ,293· 
6746,8 am· 4 pm , Monday 
through Wednesday. 

secret edge which is revealed when 
they say, -Where's the beach." This 
refers to the fact that they have the 
advantage of haVing tans while their 
underprivIleged opponents do not. 

• The Triton women have the depth 
for some strong relays, but just not the 
individual quality of the men. As the 
men, team cohesiveness was reaUy 
lacking at the start of the season , but 
now they make up one of the tightest 
learns around. As freestyle sprinter 
Dede Steinhoff said, "I think the team 
is a lot tighter this year. We've gotten 
together and done things. We can tease 
each other now. More camaraderie 
helps a lot to make us go faster 
individually: 

Alter the Triton women's 
disappointing fifth place finish at the 
West Coast Independent 
Championships in Las Vegas, they 
needed something to get themselves 
going. It is shown in their team motto 
of "No pianos: As they interpret it , 
when a swimmer reaches the point of 
exhaustion and drasticaUy slows down 
the pace, it is as if a plano had been 
put on her back. So the line, "No 
pianos" refers to their upcoming trip to 
the Nationals to which they refuse to 
bnng any pianos. One wonders about 
the creative energies of s uch a team 
and from where these energies come. 

Lee Morrow buuerjlies without a piano. 

o 

" )'OIl haw dIarrhea that 
began withIn the last 48 hrs and 
would like to partldpate In an 
Investigational drug study at the 
V.A. HospItal call Cheryl 
Beaumont or Steve Pandol M.D. 
1453-7500, ext 3284 for more 
Info. Upon comptedon of the 
study ~ will receNe 525. 



r-·SOFT CONTACT LENSES-'" 
'89 Daily Wear Soft .1 59 Extended Wear Soft 

Complete. Complete 
reg. Sl69 & up 10 2 - T lenses) r~. S300 & up IBausch & Lomb) 

Complete Includes: Eye Exam, Fitting, Follow-up Visits, Care-Kit 
If we're not the loweu, tell us who lsI Offer good with coupon through 3/15, 1984. 

Dr. Steven Grossman Optometry 481-2277 
243 No. Hwy. 101 (The Boardwa/kl \lIE TAKE OPEN 
Suite B, Solana Beach TELECHECK Monday-Friday, 11-6 • ~---------------------------------. 

PROPHET PRODUCTIONS PRESENTS 

DIRECT FROM JAMAICA 
REGGAEWrtH 

EEK·A· 
MOUSE 
KING OF SING/JAY 

AND HIS BAND CALABASH 

FRIDAY, MAR. 9 
CLUB REGGAE 

CARPENTERS HALL 
24TH & BROADWAY 

8PM 
S750 ADVANCE 

S850 AT THE DOOR 
ALL AGES WELCOME 

Tl::kets ava1lable at 
Assorted vinyl (UCSD ~ oa The Record. 

LIconce Piua (PB ~ Encore Records. 
Vinyl Decwon. Lou s Records ( EnanUas~ 

Sound Spectrum (Laguna Beach ). 
The Baobab. and The Prophel Restauranl 

INFO, 283·1566 OR 239·5139 
------SOON COME YELLOWMAN MARCH 23------. 

LISTEN TO REGGAE MAKOSSA. SUNDAYS AT 9 PM ON 91X f'OR DETAlLS 

TEAM OF THE WEEK 
The Pinheads 

fHE PINHEADS (c:oulltercloc:kwi_ from re) MOlt "G.SpoC" Cieraia. Jiml!ly "I. 
Me" P_se. Bob "Smud!le" McKilly. Regi •• "SmeAr" Johll.oa. V __ "Deeper" Krejci. 

In the movie Caddyshack , Chevy Chase advises a younggoller to "see the ball .. . 8E the ball. " In 
intramural bowling, the Pinheads tdke this advice literdlly and to Its logical conclUSion; they "be 
the pin. To the disapproval of bowling punsts (II they indeed eXIst ), the Pinheads il re highly viSible 
on Sunday nights at Clalremont Bowl. So what If their handicap IS the highest In the league and so 
what If their bowling scores would make better golf scores; I he Pinheads have a good time dnd 
that \ whatl.M. 's are all abou t. Be~ ldes , you c.:an'l take yourself or your gdme too senouslywhen 
you 'Ie dressed·up as a bowltng Pin. Why the costume? Well, the reason~ dre unclear but it dId get 
their pictures in the paper, so who's to reason why. 

TEAM OF THE WEEK 
SPONSORED BY THE MILLER BREWING COMPANY 

Dannevik calls it quits 
By LISA lAPIN 

UCSD volleyball coach Doug 
Dannevik recently announced his 
reSignation as men's coach, a move that 
will allow him to dedicate full time to 
his coaching priority, the women's leam. 
Yel Dannevik's restgnation could mean 
thaI the men's team will finally get the 
opportunity to Join a major conference 
under the direction of a new coach. 

According to Dannevik, it is 
"imperative" that the men's team enter a 
league within two years in order to 
sUlVive. "It is too hard lor a team to be 
active when they have no tangible goal. 
Why should (hey work 110% when after 
lhe last game it's all over?" 

The lack of a conference makes 
coaching difficult for Dannevik: "I am a 
goal-oriented coach. I'm used to being 
able to get the most out of my players." 
Currently, me spikers are forced to play 
teams far above their abtlity in regular 
season play. 

The mOSI likely league for the Tritons 
to enter is the California Intercollegiate 
Volleyball Association, to which the top 
Division 1 teams. UCLA, Stanford, USC, 
Pepperdine and UCSB already belong. 

Dannevik said that the CIVA is eager 
to have UCSD as a member, and would 
be beneficial in providing recruiting 
opponunities and post-season play. 
"The CIVA would provide us with a 
championship goal, and UCSD could 
attract players who place volleyball as a 
htgh priority," said Dannevik. 

Joining the CIVA would mean an 
additional $2,000 would need 10 be 
added to the men's season budget, 
which currently stands at about $3,600. 
Dannevlk thinks that the added 
expense, whtch would go toward dues, 
league offiCiating and more traveling, 
could be made up through gate receipts. 
"The men could surpass the women's 
team, and literally take off as a spectator 
spon. because the ClVA would proVide 
the most attractive schedule of any 
UCSD teams." 

Though he will complete me season 
with this year's team, Dannevik feels 
that his early resignation will enable the 
athletic depanment to get the coach 
necessary to improve the men's 
program. "A new coach can recrutt now, 
and get to know this year's team so he 
or she won't be behind ," said the 
present coach, who hopes a decision 
\vill be reached soon . 

Time is a major factor in Dannevik's 
decision. Recruiting and publtc relations 
for the men's team needs to be done in 
the fall , and that is when the coach is 
occupied wim me women's team. 

In order for Dannevik to "do the 
women's team right," he needs time to 
meet with boosters, talk with schools 
and hold clinics. 

Dannevik claims it is "hard [0 have 
energy and be excited" when he is 
responsible for coaching two spons and 
reaching four activity classes. 
"Someming's got [0 go," he said. 

"1 honestly believe that someone 
could come In and give the men's 
program the enthusiasm and energy it 
deselVes," said the coach . 

Dannevik stresses that his resignation 
did nOI result from any disenchantment, 
either with men's team players or with 
the athletic department. "There is no 
current conflict," said the coach . 
"Although we haven't seen eye-to-eye in 
the past, for the first time, the men's 
tcam is on solid ground. It is a healthy 
situation for a new coach." 

The deciSion to keep men's volleyball 
as an intercollegiate spon at UCSD now 
lies wim me amletic department. 
Athletic director Judy Sweet made no 
comment as to the possibility of UCSD 
joining me ClVA, but did say that the 
men's coachIng position w .. · .... __ 
advenised . Said Sweet, -It will probably 
be two or so months before we can 
properly advertise and colleer the 
resumes." 

Dannevik: 'There are more job openings at Division I and II schools for women's volleybaU ...... 

MEN'S VOLLEYBALL PREVIEW 
The Tritons host Cal State Northridge. 7:30 pm Saturday, in Triton Pavilion 
UCSD CAL STATE NORTHRIDGE 
Trttons Matadors 
Head oach. Head COa<:h: 
Doug Dannevlk. Walt Kerr 
laS! Match orthmlge defeJted UC D 6· 15, 13- /5 , 15-7,11-1 5. 
Northridge: 1 he Mat;ldors arc the newest mell1ber~ of the ClVA and have yet 
tl) \\'10 J le,'gue match. orthndge lost to Lo) ola Maryl11ount, its closest 
Ll)tl1petltlo n. earlter In the season. 
UCSD I he Tntons lost a close match to Northndge last month and now have 
the t: hanLl' [U hll~t the M,ltdullrs on home turf. UCSD ,IIsl) lost to Loyola , thts 

)'ea r'~ c1()~l'~ t CO mpC(tlt lln, In three ueucc games. 
Outlook. UC.,D h.l, th e ,I[hlctl c edge. but I onhndge h ,l~ J heIght ,Itlvantagc 
U!clCk lng WIll be the kc)' to '.:onhritlgc·s dl'lense, and U D Will have to h,lng 
tllLlgh . In the p,,~t the Tnton olfense has h,IU troublt.: with bIg blockIng team , 

I ll~ ln g chunk, 0 1 PlI IIU" The match should be the Trttons' ' hallenge, wtth the 
~lJt" tlorS the dnse~t to theIr Jbillttes - 11 Wilt be .l deltnttc chJnce lor strong 
(llmpl' tttton 

CIaIIIIIed acMrtIIIn8 tpaCe 1I ' lOId In tOO 
character Increment.. Each letter, 
punctuation men and ipCICe bit .In 
WOfdIIi COI'IIIdIred acharodlr. wtIh capital 
I ...... caunllng 01 two chaIaden. Therale II 
$UID per tOO ctIaracoWrl far IIudenII and 
$3.00 per 100 chcRderl far norHIudInII. 
You mull come b¥ !he aIIII» or mall In your 
ad. 01_ ~Ire r,:"*1t In advance of 5'L DeacI,...:_S pm T~ for 

• paper; S pm frIdaV for • 
pcIJ:Mr. morelnlormallorl. Call~ . 
the ~an. UCSD, N16, La Jolla. CA 
92D93. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Rellelle College Council 84-85: applications 
OoIOllabie at the PrOYost's c:Jc. FUlng ends April 
9th. (3/8) 
SeNe YfXJf stomach some good food fa( a 
change: Delta Gamma Pancake Breakfast 
Sun 3-11 Inri Center 10-1. We're cooking for 
you and yoor appetite. Buy tickets from r:rrv 
DG this week. (3/8) 
Do you \IIIOnt the last wad? Speak at Revelle 
graciJation. Applications available In the 
Revelle Dean's 0tfIce. (3/8) 
Modeling workshop : Instruction in 
praessionol mak&-up, photogrOj:)hlc and 
ramp modeling. Call 281-4487. (3/8) 
Tired of cafe food and Swanson frozen 
breakfasts? Satisfy your appetite for good 
cooking Sun 3/11 Int'l Center 10 am-1 pm. 
Get tidcets (S2) now; coil Dottle 223-1801 . 
(3/8) 

FOR SALE 
Spalding Squac:ro-course racing skis w/S727's 
20 1 cm. Used 5 days. 5195/b.o. must sell. 
Dwight 481-1386. (3/12) 
CheIIy NQ\Ia 1977. Probably the Ca' fa you. 
Reliable InJe txlrgOin otfered by teacher. 454-
2B13,.Jeff. (3/8) 
Meat 150 UNIX system. 68000 cpu, 512kbram 
15rrt> had disk. floppy, graphiCS 693-~. 
(3/15) 
For sale: 74 Mustang. 4 speed, stereo, runs Well, 
$1500. David 453-4627 (3/8) 
Nordica. Caber ski boots size 9-10 535. Bonjo 
and guitar both for Sll). 457-1432 Jeff. (3/8) 
Mattress. double Simmons Beauty Rest X-firm 
rrew condition. Women's gold quartz watch 
$SO. 453-7197. (3/8) 
81 Suzukl GS450E. 8~ mi. VeTV clean, ex 
cond. 70 mpg. $875. New Shoo, b/o. Dove, 
457-2493 (3/8) 
68 Olds IOKIgor'I w/rx., pb runs 6lC1t cheap, 
reliable transportation No brakes $485 a best 
457-1387 Scot. (3/12) . 
SURfBOARDS - (;/ SinQl&-fin great shape $95 
5'10" Itvuster S85. v./ETSUITS - Bodvoloye 
winter suit S40. 2 SPrIng suits $25 ea. 1 ves1510. 
BOOnES - pro $10. Call MIKE 481-3267 or 453-
0546. (3/8) 
AcQJstic Bass Amp Model 120 head and o1l)4 
cabinet. Great cond .. orig. CJoNnef. call Doug. 
453-2464. (3/8) 
Refrlgerata, Whirlpool, medium SIZed, white. 
Good condition $105. Call 452-5708 after 5 
pm (3/12) 
71 Chevy Van rebuilt trans. Runs well but 
needs inter. decor. S1200/otfer 453-3500 after 
4 pm. (3/12) 
Futons. 1()()% cotton vety comfortable, use for 
bed and couch. Student dIscount. Golden 
I\i1oon Futon 274-4574. (3/8) 
Cola N 19 1.~ inch RCA Great picture - only 
S90. Call 452-5708 after 5 pm - alsol 
bookshelves S1 a piece. (3/12) 

WANTED 
CMRSE:AS JOBS".Surnmer, yr. round. Europe,S. 
Amer .. Australia. Asia All fields. S9OJ-2000 mo. 
Siohtseeing. Free info. Write IJC, PO Bx 52-
CA19 Corona Del Mar, CA 92625. (3/B) 
Project Oz needs volunteers to work with 
youth In crises at our residential counseling 
agency. Contact Joe at 275-3421 . (3/8) 
Photographer seelung female rnocleIs for 
upoomlng UCSO schOol calendar project. 
Must be registered at UCSl) currently. 
Experience not necessory but must be 
photogenic. 753-6421 . (3/8) 

Bicycle - Men's a ladles'very small frame 10-
speed bike - reasonably priced for oround 
campus 456-1276. (3/8) 

HOUSING 

Roomate needed to occupy IIQCant room in 
lk1iv. City house. We arethlgequiet musicians 
looking for mole or female. $205 a month 
+utilltles. Call 453-0597 ask b' Rich, Tim, or 
I'vIork C. (3/8) 
Roommate wanted to share a huge condo 
with 3 othergu'{S $187/rno+ !AutIl2b8dj3bath 
1 mile fram UCSD, Pool-jacuzzi, sauna etc. 
Call 457-2862 asap. (3/8) 
lk1iv City S3SO pvt rm two retired women will 
shae lux home spa pool kitchen loonay utils 
483-3205 a 942-1705. (3/15) 
Female needed sha'e room graat house 1 blk 
U shores 1mi UCSD 187/mo +~utl call 454-
5286 avoll spg break. (3/8) 
Living space ClIIbI. in Muir apt. for fem. full-time 
MJIr stu. Top ftoor, OCe<rl View. Call 455-9958. 
(3/15) 
Roommate wanted: Senior or Grad student 
tr:x a room In a UC condo. 10 min by bike 10 
campus. Call ArId( 457-3904. (3/B) 
Roommate needed. Rent $175. Own 
bedroom. location Mira Mesa. Huge condo. 
Info call 271 -9708. Anytime. (3/ 12) 
RCX)MMATES WANTED: Need 2 more to shore 
lage townhouse near UTC/UCSD. Pool, 
Jcx;uzzi. mlO'owave. Nonsmokers, na pets. 

S250+ ~util. Call Connie 455-126BH 45Q-
1355K67W. (3/8) 
Mole roommate' wonted to share 
masterbectoom In beautiful Del Mar house 1 
blk to beach call Kart 481-9749. (3/8) 

SERVICES 

v..oRD PROCESSING: Speedy service. Pickup 
& delively on campus. Call ANJ.t at 279-0056. 
(3/15) 
Typist - English M.A. specializing in 
monuSCtlpts. term papers S1.00 per page 
Janet 454-4659 10 om-9 pm (3/10) 
LMVANTED HAIR REMOVED PERMANENTLY 
neor campus. La JoHa Prolessionol Center, 
8950 Villa La Jolla Dr. Suite 116O-C Call tr:x 

~t 457-O!()39. (6/7) 
T arm papers - theses - dissertations. Low 
rates. fost service. Pro-Type. 454-6860. La Jolla, 
(6/7) 
T-,pingl Wad Processingl Rush jobsl T~m 
papers, theses, resumes, transcnpllon. 
Jennifer • 274-5005. (6/ 7) 
T-,plng: 24-hour, quality resuHs for S1.25/pg. 
Call Revae to orrange pickup and delivery. 
453-9367. (3/8) 
For those Interested In Human Potential and 
psycho-physical massage. Student 
Discounts. 692-9549. (3/15) 
TYPING - $1 per page discount Klnko's 
Copies La Jolla VII/age Square. 232-9797. 
(3/15) 
Typing, word processing, casselle 
tranSO'lptlon Qualify work at reasonable 
rates. La Jolla. Sandy 459-5818. (3/15) 
Exceptlonol typing. all kinds. Super IBtvlIII. Fast, 
precIse. SPelling. 5 min. CJWaoI. Mariann 450-
1138. (3/15) 
TYPING: IBtvI RUSH JOBS term papers ,theses 
disserlahons editing 453-0656 (6'le) 452-5188. 
(6/7) 
TYPiNG/ W::>RD PROC. - Theses/Diss/Popers 
- Exper. all format - Reasonable Rates -
No. County 726-3087. (3/15) 
Manuscripts. theses, dissertatIOnS. resumes 
typed. Experienced. $1 page OS Betty 755-
4179. (5/24) 
High quality, fast & accurate typing with IBM III 
at special rate for students. Same day service. 
16 yrs. exp Call fery 452-1393 anytime. (3/8) 
Prepare to earn el<tra money in part-time 
word processinQ jobs. Coorseware Computer 
Institute can tram you in hOurs - not monthS. 
Convenient evening classes. MasterCard and 
Visa occepted. Can 565-1552 today. (3/15) 
HI<7i quality, fast. accurate typing at speclol 
rafe tr:x students. Same day service. 16 yrs. expo 
Call Fery 452-1393 anytime. (3/15) 
TYPING: Fast/ Accurate/Reasonabie/Dlsserto-
tlons/Term PoperS/Theses/Resumes/Edltlng/ 
Rush Jobs/265-7537. (3/15) 
Top drawer secretarial service reports, 

manuscripts. resumes. letters. Reasonable 
call 481-4160. (5/3) 
Professlonol typing as low as 50 cents a page. 
Call John, 296-2138, 2621 University Ave. 
(Nkxth Perk), (3/8) 
Traffic classes. Court ApprO'J9Ci Sat, Sun. 6'les. 
UTC, Mission Va/Ie'(, Tooey Pines Inn Reg 565-
1767. (3/12) 

LOST Be FOUND 
Found: Gold bracelet in front of Mand8llllle 
2/26 call Genie 453-2559 to Identity. (3/15) 
S«l REWARD for retU'll of beat-~ blue jacket 
with key$ in DOCket. Lost 2/24, ~Ie 
Campus. 457-2785 keep hVi'g. (3/12) 
losl: A dark blue "PoIagonia" jacket at the 
boK office on Tuesc:Jay, Feb. 2B. RENI'CIId call 
Dave {I 455-1556. (3/12) 

PERSONALS 
Boooie at the Co-op and Enterprise dance at 
the ~evelle cote this Friday Mar. 9. Food. priZes 
and videos aU lor S1 .50! The dance of 1984! 
(3/6) 
Lies and blather and blarney and love with 
the PlOfOOY. (3/8) 
Looking forward to an awesome time at the 
sailor's ball with oor active bro's. The Zeta 
closs. (3/8) 
Robbie: Let's chOW down at the Delta 
Gamma Pcnc:ace B-fast Sun 10-1 in the Int'l 
Center. For $2 we can stuff oorselves alter 

Saturday's Portylng - Jim (3/8) 
Get Involved I Revellewantsyoorfor its callege 
council nact yearl More info at the PrOYost's 
ofc. (3/8) 
Hell, Adrienne, & Dori. Thanks for FrI~ nl~t. 
Greg and I never hod a manage a clnq 
before. We'll have to do it again soonl Greg, 
HOIN' come Dari kept loughlng? Jim, How\lllOs 
the porceloln god - Numbi<nees. (3/8) 
Rita - the lKE-RC B is going to be TOO MUCH 
RJN, I' hope you're ready for a long night of 
parting, I am. p.s. you're a great IiI' sis, Your big 
bro Mike. (3/B) 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ELLEN. Love, RF. (3/8) 
Anchors Away Delta Gammas look fOf'NOrd to 
seeing YOJ at the SaIlor's Ball Sat. at B:oo -
Delta Sigma Phi. (3/8) 
Joe, SOllY to hear you're not gonna make the 
Sailor's Ball. We'lI take pictU'E15. The R.F. 
Committee. (3/8) 
To the best big bro of all, no herd feelings 
about the R.F. huh? See yo at the SailOf"s ball, 
Rex. (3/8) 
Awesome Delta Sigma Phi pledges. keep up 
the good work - Skip. (3/B) 
Here he Isllhe playOOy of the Western Woridl 
UCSD Theatrel (3/8) 
Big Bro Brutol, glad you're my big bra. See yo 
at the Sailor's Ball. Your little bra, Sam the 
Wondrmn. (3/ B) 

TRAVEL 
Cooncil trOYel/OEE prOJides infamotlon on 
student charters. rallpasses, inrl student ids, 
hostel cords. toors for ages 1B-35, work and 
study progcms. and much more. Stop tty the 
Student Center a call 452-0630. (6/7) 

UCSD 
SNOW 

SKI CLUB 
1984 5prIDI Breakaway 

Mardl24 - 31 
The UCSD Snow Ski Oub presents the annual Spring 

Breakaway trip to Sun Valley, Idaho. We will be joined by the 
UC Riverside, USC. and UC Irvine ski dubs for a week of superb 
skiing. 

1HE TICKET INCLUDES: Transportation there and back. 
deluxe condo accommodations with a pool, sauna, and 
jacuzzi. a 5-day lift ticket, carnival activities (dances. T-shirts. 
piaucs, races, broomball, jacuzzi party). and all UC San Diego 
extras. 

We will be leaving at 10:30 pm on March 24. TIckets may be 
purchased at the box office. You must be a SIO Oub member to 
buy a ticket. Deadline to buy your tickets is Friday. March 9. 
Visit us in the Pub between 11 am and 2:30 pm every day. 
Membership dues are $10. 

Come and experience a week of unforgettable skiing. UCSD 
Ski Oub comraderie. and get an early start on your summer 
tan! Wahooooo!!! 

NORDICA 
BOOT SYSTEMS LOOK 

UINOtNGS 

TIckets on sale at the Box Office 
Bus/Condo $295 Ground $190 





The Magazine 
of the '80s 

fAlltor 
Al'IDRtw Ktf:LtR 

AsIodate Arts Uitor 
.IOHI'II'I[[ 

WrIters 
"'IK~ AH". JAN IIRtS -
LAlJr:R. CHRlSTOfHtR CArtOIL, 
.lOAn I'ORSBtRG. RONA HU, ",.s. 
Hum (Gardening), PAVL "'. 
.IO"rs. CLYDt"r: I'IU 

H'.llus b publisllcd every 
Thur:.d~y of the 5Chool yc~r ~s ~ 
su pplement to tile UCSO 
GUAIt>tIm, Reproduction or lIS( 
without wrlUn pcrml55ion 01 ~ny 
portion or thi5 rnlgazlnc is ~ 110-
no. We welcome unsolicited 
Idters. rnlnusuipls ~nd ~rtwOrk. 
but assume 110 responsibility ror 
the rdurn of such. Send 
infDrrnltion to: 

HL4TUS 
IHlI 6 . La Jolli 

Ca .. 92093 

2 Hialus March 8, 1984 

Contents 
Cover: Les Ballets Trock-
aderos, the all male ballet 
company from Monte Carlo, is 
performing at the Fox Theater 
Friday and Saturday. For the 
full details see the story on 
page 4. 

The San Diego Scene ... page 3 
Despite recent changes, the San 

Diego music scene Is not everything 
its cracked up to be. 

film Review .. , ........ page 5 
The Dresser proves to be a step 

forward for the art of drama. 

Record Review. , ....... page 5 
Simple Minds storm back to the 

US with Sparkle In The Rain. 

Young Korevaar ........ page 8 
David Korevaar of La Jolla is 

rapidly emerging as one of the great 
concert talents of our time. 

Assorted Vinyl Report page 5 
Bob's Book Report page 6 

Goings On page 7 

Spirit Woman (for Hi-Ab) 
Spirit Woman 
comes from 
behind the shadows 
50 stili, 
yet behold, 
she 15 already 
In a different place. 
She takes her steps surely, 
one leg utends 
a toe tlnds 
a beginning of a place 
she circumnavigates 
the soft blue spotlight 
becoming Its hue 
she enters 

feet In the air 
a lion with love 
smile curling 
Into hiss or roar 
Black mantle-mane 
shrouds her face 
thoracic quiver 
shivering certainty 
cupped hands 
she regards them 
as they transform 
leading her 
In new directions 
alkldance 
"nng" 
tlng tlng tlng (the Kiva) 

we come with her too. linger cymbals' pronouncement lights change color. fade 
"L·entant terrible" 
spins webs of sound 
concocts a brew 
growls In cowbells 
stepping, bowing, 
bending. hitting. striking 
sound-making tools 
babbling. burbling 
amidst wires, drones 
She ponders, looking back 
this Shlva 

Windy stratospheres 
" I.e fort" 
a buttress 
a shield 
a vapor 
he yields 

!he was by lIS 
next to lIS 
In Ihmt of lIS 
they were 
there sharing 
new ritual 
Intimate Invitation 
corrvocatlon 
she touched 
her lover 
then turned towards 
the other 
another voice 
of timeless time 
ancient rhyme 
evocation 
consecration 
bountIfUl wisdom 
!OII1·statues accompaniment 
fragments of now 
and then 

to Inner Impulses 
one then the other 
breath-maker 
harmonic strands 
cacophonk 
violin band 

transcendlnt undulation 
Independent tendrils, tremolos 
merging. making 

darlon trombone 
Winding legs 
sunshine oran!lt 

trembling 
emergent 
moment 

.4 portion 0{ this piece was left off the first time it 1M. herr: It is in its t:ntitetJJ. 

A WOOOfALL FILM 
JODIE FOSTER · BEAU BRIDGES . ROB LOWE and NASTASS.IA KINSKI as SusIe The Bear 

THE HOTEL NEW HAMPSHIRE · WILFORD BRIMLEY · Ed,ted ~ ROBERT K LAMBERT 
Music by JACQUES OFFENBACH ' Arranged and Conducted ~ RAYMOND LEPPARD 

Execulive Producers GEORGE YANEFF KENT WALWIN GRAHAME JENNINGS 
Co-P,oducer JIM BEACH ' From «'Ie Novel by JOHN IRVING · Screenplay by TONY RICHARDSON 

Produced by NEIL HARTLEY . Directed by TONY RICHAR.::..D.:..:SON~==-.,..,.-, 
< OIUOft ", .... ,--~ __ -!!c-__ ,""...;;::]i"""'" R ~_ 
£- ... ,.. .... "--'- ~......... Prlnls~DtLu..e · ··I.~I:I=,-

Starts Friday 
'.ClfIC'S L. JOll. '.ClflC·IIIIIG ..... T 
tiLLAGE TIlEATIlI •• u. TIllATIt. 
8879 V"" L. _ Or (',(..."."." S/Ioppnv 
(N 0' L' JoII. v,!IaGt SQ."., Cen", En""", • • 3 
4531831 • 1230' 235 H .. y I hi -*'10" Or L ...... 
&SO, 900'11 00 4657100·1255' 330 ' 600 
•• C f.IIIIOII '.lLEY' 8 35 • II 00 
F ,$II"", V.IO\' een", IMC IAJITIE tllLAll • 
We .. 0' ""'~"om . 29' "0' I Bloc. Wesl 0' C<lyamac:. 
5 ' 5'815"0'5 Dn MISSOOIlliol lltRoilO 
SProAt ENGAGE~ENT 562 791 0 • 5 15 • 7 45 - 9 55 

'1CIflC'IIWUTWITEII 
• TIlATliI 
In .... TI)Wf'lIfId Country 

~ Cenoor 80S ~wy 
., S_ .. " Ad .741571 
1230'230'430 
6'0'8'5-11 :00 

aile ...... PUlA· 220 _ EI CImino AlII 
EntinIIIs 'I4Z SS44 
511' 7.41 '10.15 
• ....... T ..... 

33~0 SIIorIS A,... IIW. 
223 53~3 . 12'30 • 3'00 
SIS'145 '10'S 

Real music vs. real money 
By RODDY BOGAWA 

........ 

... 

San Diego bands are given little space for originality 
The lack of freedom for local 

bands In San Diego centers 
primarily on the Issue of money. 
That Is not to say that bands 
(A1J1not become successful and 
make a career out of the music 
business, but rather that it is 
almost Impossible to do so in 
any type of original manner 
within San Diego's music scene. 
'lbe root of this problem lies In 
the narrow-minded circle 
maintained by the people In the 
music business, Including 
c1ubowners, as well as the 
people who put up their money 
to go see bands. 

Why do people go see bands? 
'ibIs question Is very Important 
In localizing the problem of 
originality of music In San 
Diego. and may be partially 
answered by observing who 
goes to see bands. Because of 
quick profits made available by 
the seiling of alcohol, the 

~ty of clubs which are stili 
in business are those catering to 
the 21 and over crowds. While 
clubs such as the now defunct 

Headqiiiiit€r~ ~Ild 9th~r 

"underage" places allowed 
unknown or non-mainstream 
acts to perform, the 21 and over 
clubs primarily showcase well-
known bands. 

The Rodeo nightclub, right 
down the street from our 
campus, Is one such club. Rarely 
will an unknown band be 
allowed even an opening slot for 
other acts. Occasionally, major 
label performers come to play 
there, while the bookings 
mainly consist of "popular" 
club acts, who draw large 
audiences, who In tum, buy 
large quantities of alcohol. My 
Rich Uncle's, l.ehr's Greenhouse 
and many others also depend 
upon bands such as Dirk 
Dcbonalre to bring this type of 
audience to their clubs. The 
result of this dependence places 
the mustt and the bands as 
secondary, the club becoming 
more of a bar to meet people 
and dance rather than 
displaying active interest fI'I the 
music. 

What's left? The Syndicate 
club In pt Lorna could certainly 

become an alternative for this 
drlnkJng circuit. but for lack of 
central loction and advertising. 
has not as yet The Saigon 
Palace and stili numerous 
others could begin an 
alternative showcase with 
original bands. If audiences In 
San Diego would support them. 
Jerry Herrera's Spirit cl ub is one 
anomaly In this 21 and over club 
scene. offering unknown bands 
as well as known acts a place to 
play, but alas. the age 
requirement narrows the size of 
the audience down markedly. 

What does this all mean? 
Precisely what this means is 
that In order to be successful 
playing clubs In San otego, 
bands must cater to the 
audiences they play to. The 
music must focus on cover 
tunes which are popular and 
well known. so that the people 
may enjoy themselves and 
dance. Any "threat" to this party 
atmosphere Is Intolerable to 
drink sales and the band's 
subsequent income. few local 
San Diego bands who play this 

circuit are known for their 
original music. furthermore. 
the bands which do try to escape 
this trap and begin presenting 
their own music, have little 
identity which is separable from 
the genre of music which they 
lave ~n plaJlng. In order not 
to alienate the audience they 
have been building, their 
original songs must fit In with 
the rest or the songs they play, 
and as a result, usually "sound 
like so and so" rather than 
establishing their own Identity. 
Within the trip of this music 
.scene. the talent of being able to 
master other people's music 
does not focus one's own 
songwritlng talent. but diffuses 
it 

What can be done about this? 
Probably very little. Money is 
what makes the world go 'round 
and all that, but talent and 
belief in yourself count for 
something, don't they? 1be ball, 
as they say, is In our court as an 
audience which supports clubs 
In San Diego. Original music In 
San Diego will be stifled as long 

as people still keep going to see 
bands play "What I Uke About 
You," 

Come on, Neil Diamond 
already did that scene; rhythm, 
chords and all. Everyone 
pretends to be into the latest 
music, but do ft open our ears 
and our minds? I guessthecJubs 
will walt until we open our 
wallets as well, but then that's 
another story. 

Nothing was ever said to 
anyone that all of this cannot 
change. The potential is there in 
many clubs, and even at places 
like the Che Cafe to change this 
stagnant condition. There are 
dozens of bands. doing very 
original music, who lack the 
support and exposure they need 
and deserve, Whether this is Los 
Angeles. San Diego or London, 
the fact is that It Is up to us to 
find this music for ourselves, 
rather than being told what Is 
good or bad. Take a chance. 
Usten. 
IJogawa is a UCSD student and 
has played at local clubs 
during the past few years. 

The 
European Experience 
Summer '84 / July 15 - August 7 

98384 SEASON ~~~~~~--~~~~~~~~----
UCSD extension invites you to be our guest at an 

introduction to the European Experience '84 on March 
17. 1984. Come along for tea, tarts. and a preview with 
slides of this personal and educational experience of a 
lifetime. Mark your calendar to attend Saturday 
morning from 9-11 a.m. in the University Extension 
Classroom 2, 9600 N. Torrey Pines React UCSD. This 
spedal study/travel tour will take you to England, 
Belgium, Holland, Germany, Austria, Italy. Switzerland, 
and France for 24 days, July 15 - August 7. Please call 
452-3440 for a detailed brochure. . 

M,mtlell Weiss Cl'n ter ,inti UC~D 1 he.llrc 
------

---WINTER REPERTORY ---
Venice Preserved 

Thomas Otway's Restoration tragedy of power and passion 
March 8, 10, 14 and 16 

The Playboy of the Western World 
An inspiring Irish folktale by).M. Synge 
March 9, 11, 15 and 17 

ITickets on Sale NOW! Call 452-4574\ 
March 8, 1984 nlMus 3 



Ah. the ballet. On the 
program for this evening of 
serious culture is Tchaikovsky's 
"Swan Lake." Excitement tills 
the theater as the orchestra 
begins and the curtain rises. 
Elegant ballerinas in chiffon 
tutus appear. gracefully 
bourreing and pirouetting 
across the stage. A typical scene 
at the ballet, right? 

Wait a minutel The audience 
is rolling with laughter. The 
ballerinas. delicately balancing 
en pointe, have bulging 
muscles. hairy chests and size 
ten feet laced into pink satin 
pointe shoes. Their heavily 
pai nted faces express their 
agonized concentration, and the 
swan costumes covering their 
six-foot frames are molting. 

These dancers are none other 
than the drag queens of the 
ballet world. Les Ballets 
Trockadero de Monte cario. 
KnoWn as "The Trocks," this all-
male company of ballerinas and 
their partners will perform this 
friday and Saturday evening 
(March 9 and 10) at 8 pm in the 

Tights, tutus and the Trocks: 
The far side of modern ballet 

fox Theater in downtown San 
Diego. 

In 1974. a group of male 
dancers gathered in a shabby 
Manhattan loft to perform an 
unprecedented version of the 
ballet "Don Quixote" (in drag, of 
course). 

"What started as a joke 
tumed into an international 
business," explained the Trocks' 
co-dlrector. Natch Taylor, in a 
1983 Wall Street Journal 
interview. After a decade of 
presenting parodies on the 
classics of great choreogra-
phers, from Marius Petipa to 
George Balanchine and Agnes 
de Mille, the Ballets Trockadero 
has becdh1e an internationally-
renowned. critically acclaimed 
company. The "ballerinas" have 
performed their amusing antics 
for delighted audiences across 

By JOM rORSBfRG 
the United States and in eleven la Dan~"), 
countries abroad. . In their spoof of a world that 

The Trockadero performers often takes itself too seriously, 
combine their talents as the Trocks are not mocking the 
dancers , comedians and spirit of dance. The members of 
thespians. As male dancers the Ballets Trockadero are 
impersonating ballerinas and trained professional dancers 
their partners performing In a who perform the full range of 
ballet, the Trocks crea te ballet and modern dance works, 
individual personages complete their comedy is achieved by 
with outlandish stage names exaggerating the style, conceits 
and distinct personalities for and foibles of serious dance. 
each male and female dancer Providing this playful insight 
they portray. The Ballets Into classical and contemporary 
Trockadero features such divas dance, the Trocks heJghten the 
as Tamara Boumdlyeva (the audience's appreciation of thIs 
"Stalingrad Spitfire"), Yurlka grand art form. 
Sakltumi (the " Samurai The Trocks ' San Diego 
Ballerina") and flfl Chang (the ' appearance will feature 
"Eurasian Souris"). These ladles performances of: Chopin's "w 
are partnered by the cavaliers Sylph Ides" Trockadero-style: 
R.M. "Prince" MyshJUn (the "Yes, Virginia, Another Plano 
"Cream of the Tartars") and 6allet." a wicked spoof of iI 
Alexis Lermontov (the "Dleu de Jerome Robbins ballet: ' 

This DeskC8n Beach Mach 2. 

making authority. 

"lamentations of Jane eyre," a 
satiric portrayal of the Bronte 
classic in the mood of Martha 
Graham: and a look at the 
acrobatic athleticism of the 
USSR's Bolshoi Ballet In "Spring 
Waters." In the early 1900s. the 
brilliant prima ballerina Anna 
Pavlova immortalIzed the 
famous solo In ballet, "The 
Dying Swan," from "Swan Lake." 
The Trockaderos' hilarious 
Interpretation of this terminal 
fowl's Hnal soliloquy, along with 
" I.e l.1c de Cygnes" (Swan Lake 
Act II), has become the Trocks' 
Signature piece. 

The Ballet Trockadero Is a 
comedy dance troupe that olfers 
something for everyone. 
"8alletomanes come because 
they want to see what we do with 
"Giselle": the football jocks 
come because they've heard 
we're funny ... : and those who 
hate ballet come to see us wreak 
havoc with It," says Taylor. 

Share an evening with the 
Trocks. How often do you get to 
see men attired In tutus. 
dancing on their toes? 

Some desk jobs are 
more exciting than 
others. 

In the air, and on the 
ground, you have 
management responsi-
bility from the begin-
ning. And your 
responsibility grows 
as you gain experience. 

When did you last challenge yourself? 

As a Navy pilot 
or flight officer, your 
desk can be a sophis-
ticated combination 
of supersonic jet air-
craft and advanced electronic equipment. 
But you can handle it. Because Navy 
flight training gives you the navigation, 
aerodynamics and other technical 
know· how you need. 

No company can give you this kind of 
leadership responsibility this fast. And 
nothing beats the sheer excitement of 
Navy 'lying. 

The salary is exciting, too. Right 
away, you'll earn about $18,300 a year. 
That's better than the average corpora-
tion will pay you just outofcollege. 
And with regular Navy promotions and 
other pay increases, your annual 

In return, Navy aviation demands 
something of you as an officer: 
Leadership. 

Your path to leadership starts with 
officer training that's among the most 
demanding in the military. It's intensive 
leadership and professional schooling 
combined with rigorous Navy mght 
training. And it's all geared to prepare 

salary will soar to $31,100 after four 
years. That's on top of a full package 
of benefits and privileges. 

you and other colJege 
graduates for the 
unique challenge of 

N~,," ~--! . ' Th 
- ._ OJ aVJa"tlon. e 
program is tough but 
rewarding. 

One important 
reward for Navy 
officers is decision-

Before you settle down to an earth-

r ;;'v70;;o;';u-;;';- - - - -;, ;-:; 1 
I INFORMAT ION CE:;7£;i I 

!}.G. Box 5000. Clifton , NJ 07015 
o Please send me more information about becom· I 
ing B member of the Naval Aviation Team . (0AI I 
N8me-.".,..,--__ --:=~:==-___;_:_._--

Firat I Pie • .,. PrJnl ,La.t I 
Add re.I ______ A pt. ,, __ _ 

Ci'y _____ Stote ____ Zipp--__ I I Age __ tColI~ge/ University I 
I *Ye.r In College . G PA I AMajor/Minor'---____________ _ 
I Phone Number I IArea Codel Best Time 10 Call 
I ThiS I. for a:t'neral , rffrUllment mformallon You do not ha" . to I furnish an)' of lh,. Information requested Of COUrN, the more we 

llno'" thf' fJW)r .. ". c an h.lp t o deu'rmln. 1M !.und. o f Navy po.i L ::::: ::~=.:: ______ J 

bound desk job, rea~h 
lor the sky. Rach for 
the coupon. Find out 
what it takes to be 
part of the Naval 
Aviation 'learn. You 
could have a desk 
that flies at twice the 
speed of sound. 

Navy Officers 
Get Bespollsibility Fast. 

4 matus March 8, I 984 

Or do something truly out of the ordinary? If 
it's been too long, go Outward Bound this 
year. Climb a mountain. Captain a raft. 
Explore the canyons. While at the same 
lime. learning. About nature. About people. 
About yourself. 

Colorado Outward Bound School 
~~ Dept . C·lI' •~ 945 Pennsylvania SI. . Denver . CO 80203 
'"-3/ (303) 837·0880 

ACROSS 
I LSAI 9 VAl 

10 IDlIl 
t1 ~SAI 
12 "~AI 
13 .... AI 
U ~ll 
15 "'''' .... 11 

DOWN 
I NMB , GRt PSYCH 

II CRE BIO 2 CMA I 2 VQ[ 
3 CRf 
• MrA I 
5 ,' 011 
6 MAl 
1 "! AI 
• ,,{.AI 

J ErH,/I; 
C f1 fX 
S ~DB 
6 NPB I 
1 ~rB I 
B ((liN "" 

II ArHIEVEMENI~ 
12 NUR\lNG K!l~ 
13 '.PA 
If SPHlJ AfAOIM , 
15 ESt RI VI EW 
II INIRO TO 

LAW Sf HOOI 

CLASSES ON CAMPUS 

~-H. 
MPIAN 
EDUCArlON"l, CENTER 

r "I' •• !vO ;../tI" .. ... "1 

San Diego Center 
2180 Gamet Ave .. Suite 20 
Pac ific Beach 92109 
(619) 2~10 
M.L. McNulty. Administrator 

Success and style of 
new album are Simple 

By IMK:[ B~RMKD 
-------------------Sn:arlcle in the Rain Catwalk" and the energetic 
r- " Waterfront" attest. Both 

Simple "Inds espouse the rumbling backbeat 
~M Records provided by bassist Derek 

Simple Minds, the latest 
protege of British producer 
Steve Ullywhtte. retums to the 
spotlight with Spvlrle in the 
Rain. a stylish collection which 
deftnlteJy reflects the recently-
emerged "Ullywhlte sound:' 

This sound, exempllfted by 
UK bands such as U2, Big 
Country and XTC. Involves 
numerous characteristics 
borrowed from neo-psychedeJlc 
rock and '60s bands such as The 
Who. Here, this fngllsh quartet 
c1eariy portrays Its origins. and 
several contemporary outside 
Influences as well. 

Side Ollt of SJMrlde in the 
Rain envelops Llllywhlte's 
preferences and almost borders 
on U2 copy, as "Up on the 

forbes and percussionist Mel 
Gaynor, but the latter cut 
utilizes Its abstractness and 
scant lyrical content to create a 
mirror Image of U2 at Its ~, 

Generally, the first sIde bears 
an unmistakably "tngllsh" 
quality Ullywhlte Incorporates 
Into his productions. The flip 
side, however, bears a more 
eclectic touch, deviating from 
U 2 copy and standing on Its 
own. 

"Street Hassle" opens side 
two, and its opening, a lush 
string riff, reminds the listener 
III(ft closely of .leho and the 
Bunnymen (the leadIng 
expedients of ne&psychedeJla) 
than any Ullywhlte group. 

pIea5e blrn to page 6 

Assorted Vinyl Report 
Domestic SIIa 
1. Splrlcle in the ~n Slaaple JIIInds A&M 
2. n.t I!Mth TII_ Dolby tMI 
3. Into the DIp lboaa,.oD lWIu Artsta 
4. About I'Itct DIMd CiIIaour Columbia 

~. 1ft. lIartbrtllc lHIte ADdenoa A.8. 
Import Sales 
1. GIg r .. GIdget Nute 
2 StMIce TIle CllIII'CII [MI 
3. Jill W.r IIIIc:k I'Iag SST 
4. Cltne,., Public GeaeraI hbIk: Virgin 
5. "~nd ... eo.try Polygram 

LlIlL' 
CD1'tDfD 
CIJIIrIIT 

PRECISION 
HAIRCUTS 

for men & women 
Wi'" .,._ COMPO" ollly. 

Offer expires 3·22·84 ' 
t 737 Pearl 456-1170 

La Jolla 456-1815 \ 

Albert naDeY prepares for ~ perfonnaac:e willi tile uslstance of Tom Courtenay in "Tile Dresser." 

'Tbe Dresser' can take a bow 
By CHRlSTO",!1l ('MOIL 

The Dla$tr pays cinema 
homage to actors who use 
greasepaint to accentuate their 
portrayab of life, punctuated 
with Shakespearean wit and 
wisdom. We witness one day In 
the lives of Sir, the company's 
lead actor, and his gay dresser 
"moan, as they apply Slr's 
kingly mask, then desperately 
attempt to maintain SIr's Image 
as his mask slowly disintegrates 
under the Intensity of the 
theater·s spotlight. 

Albert I"tnney as Sir and Tca 
Courtnay as the dresser charge 
the screen with the might and 
magic of stage drama. The 

Dresser Is a drama born of 
Greek tragedy, a tale of 
characters whose t1aws both 
confirm who they are and 
consume their IIfe's force. The 
actor and the gay dresser extend 
constant elfort5 to define 
themselves through their 
appearances and gestures. As a 
result, they have nothing left to 
relate to the world outside the 
theater, which Is crumbling 
under Hitler's bombings. 

Tbe masks of tragedy and 
comedy are the symbols of 
drama. J'inney and Courtnay 
wear their multitude of masks 
with such finesse that the 
audience forgets these are 

actors playing actors in a play 
about actors. finney's Sir 
becomes King Lear one 
moment. then a leering old 
rnan, a child and a man lost In 
too many roles played . 
c.ourtnay's Norman Is SIr's 
servant. admirer, mother, child 
and commander. Hath actors 
speak each word fresh and anew. 
as If they were creating the 
characters for the first time 
before each audience. This is 
drama. 

••• 

Some films inspire audiences 
to return for another showing. 
The Dresser spawns a desire to 
attend more stage drama. 

SAN DIEGO'S 
BEST-KEPT SECRET 

-----------------7----------..... ----------f $1 0 .P:!.~~~N i PE~!! ~~:r E~}~~·50 
Galiiomia ~tem 

School oi law 
~ 

for !Den & ~ftlen i----------------------
Shampoo,cut. 

(Blow dry nol included.) 
: CELLOPHANE $15 

• 
o 

I • 

wa'iren • 
Commuter o 

.. 

• nationally accredited by the American Bar 
Association since 1962 

• member of the Association of American 
Law Schools 

• distinguished full-time faculty 
• innovative educational program 
Please Send Me Your Latest Bulletin: 

• • Party! 
And reduced admission to 0 • 

Name 

o 

Club Zu 0 
for dancing afterwards I 

• <) ~ o Friday, March 9 
• 7:30 pm / Del Mar 

<0 Interstate 5 to LO~S Santa Fe, tum • 
right and continue to Highland, take 

right and then follOW. the signs. 

Address 

Undergraduate School 

Mail to: 66wnU ~ ~:houl ui LIw 
350 Cedar Street 
San Diego, CA 92101' (619) 239-0391 

March 8. 19M nlMlu 5 

, 



cmcoRPO 
Attend the first free West Coast Business Career 

Forum for Minority Undergraduate Students 

Sponsored by Ci tkorp and 
USC'~ Graduate School of Business Administration 

Purpose To inform minority students of careers in the corporate 
business world. 

Place: 
Date: 

Bonaventure Hotel, Downtown Los Angeles 
Tuesday, April 17th 

Contact: Suzanne MacRenato, Career Planning, (619) 452-4939 
Applicati9n Deadline: March 15, 1984 usc· 

Emergency clinic offer quick, low-cost 
medical care. 

Hospitai emeige!1CY rnom offer the 
quali ty and security of a hospital medicai staff. 

But nnw you don't have to choose be-
tween them. 

Introducing Medistat 'I'. We're different 
from hoth emergency clinics and other ho pi-
wI emergency rO( lms .. , in some important ways. 

Medistat isqJell2Alnnsa~ 
e\el'ydayd~)eat 

Because that's wnc •. m!!1Or eme_rgencies 
happen. Just walk in anytime, WithOU0-
an appointment. You'll be treated 1 .. 
promptly and courteously at Medist~t. '" .-_ f\ ~7 

~'llalso betreatechwn~the liIl .... ~ .. , . 
When payment is made by cash, 

check or major credit card at time of service, 
charges are comparahle to those you'd pay at 
an emergency clinic. But at Medistat you're 
getting hospital quality medical care. 

l) when you have a minor emer-

minor emergency 
service in Claire-
mont Community 
and Mission Bay 
Hospitals. In fact, 
the hospital i 
right down lhe 
hall. An emer-
gency department 

ro:-":""'--':"""":-..,..--:::--__ gency, th ink of 

physician wi II rreat your prohlem, so you 
arc (l!)slIred of getting exce llent medical 
CMe . And, if it turn~ out you need a hll~­
pital, you're already the re. 

Wirh emergency clinics, you'J have to gtl 
to a hll 'ritallocared somewhere clsc. 

6 Hiatus March 8, 1984 

Medistat at Claire-
mont Community 
and Mission Bay 
L:!::::~~:!I::L_""'::!!...J Hospi ta Is . We're the minor emer-

gency service with some Illajor differences. 
MEDI~~uTM 

CI.urem(lnr l AlmmunlfY H\l)flu.ll 
~Z;5 Mt. !:tn., [1m. 

San o.eK<1, CA on 117 
(61~) !is·~HX' 

Mb"' I~'n B.I,' Husrn ,11 
)0)0 Bunk", HIli St. 

S.1n n,,,",,. CA Yll0'1 
(61Y) 27nW 

Bob's Book Report 

Insanity is the 
best defense 
in this case 

By KOllERI' ~0rIE 
People IIeI'SlU Kirk Is one of the few 

my5taies that takes place, not In the 
Investigative or metaphorical streets, 
but In the courtroom, This 
utonJshlngly well40cumented foray 
Into the realm of the trial (rarely seen 
In, and far more rarely the centerpiece 
of, a mystery novel) Is written by 
Robert Traver (a pseudonym belonging 
to a former Michigan Supreme Court 
justice). Its sole failing Is as a 
masterful. confusing. red herring-
strewn puzzler (I guessed the murderer 
and the method before ftnlshlng a 
fourth of the book), but at every other 
level It Is successful. DIe people. even 
the stock friendly law enforcement 
oIHcers, are pleasantly fteshed out. 
even If one~lmenslonal. The main 
ctwacters are fully alive. almost real. 
and most of all, everything Is 
convincing. 

strangely enough. the book Is also a 
legal test. The matter In question Is the 
"Insane delusion" defense. speclt1cally 
the corollary legal Issue of whether 
actions under hypnotic compUlsion are 
actions for which the Individual Is 
responsible. 

While the legal palaver In the main 
body Is held to a level comprehensible 
by most laymen, the book Is one of the 
few mysteries I have read that has a 
reference section. Ughtly annotated 
backnotes give reference sources on 
both hypnotism and tile legal aspects 
of hypnotism. lbe legal reference 
system Is very confusing to one who 
does not know what "36 ALRlnd 960" 
means. but that error Is quickly 
remed~d. The first number (36) refers 
to the volume number In which the 
case or annotation can be found, 
"ALR2nd" refers to the title of the case 
book series (In this case. American 
Legal Reports, second series). and the 
last number (960) refers to the page 
number In that particular volume. 
Some. butbyno means all. of the books 
referred to In the notes at the end are 
present In Central Ubrary, while the 
mystery Itself Is beginning Its third 
year on the shelves of Centra1 Ubrary's 
Reader's CJIolce section. 

This well4rawn courtroom dnuna Is 
, a good mystery. and the legal material 

sandwlcheci iii ft1t~ t.'e questlorw of 
who-and-how-and-why dunnlt do not 
detract from. but rather add to the 
eqjoyment of the book. It's a good reacl. 

Simple Minds 
continued from page S 

"White Hot Day" follows In yet 
another facet unseen by Simple Minds' 

- cohorts - synthesized-brass chaos 
with more reckless drumming and Jim 
Kerr's crisp yet bland voice. lbe final 
cuts, "The Kick Inside of Me" and 
"Shake Off the ' Ghosts," sound 
respectively like U2 once more - the 
former on an upbeat. lively note (a 
reminder of "TWo Hearts 6eat as One"), 
the latter sounding more mellow, 
ethereal and starting off like a dead 
ringer for "forty," the closing track on 
last year's War IP. 

Though sounding a tad plagiarized, 
5/Mrkle in the lIMn does as Its name 
Implies -It shines with above-average 
musicianship. but Is hindered by a 
familiar sound used too often lately. 

Atomlpublicafe presents an 
evening of new music without 
plano - the second of a series 
of Monday ~venlng Concerts co-
sponsored by the UCSD Music 
Department and the San Diego 
Public Theater. Monday at 8 pm. 

Admission Is $5 for everyone. 
Tickets are available at the 
Public Theater. 311 ~Ighth 
Avenue. San Diego. for 
Information and reservations. 
call 232-7378 or 452-3229. 

• • • 

San Diego Public Theatre will 
host. for the first time. 
performances of an original 
script written by UCSD 
undergraduates. The produc-
tion. entitled Or a Ve'll fast 
QMne/1Jenuth the Item. will 
run one night only. Wednesday. 
with performances scheduled at 
6:.50 and 9 pm. fach show will 
consist of both a stage and 
video adaptation of the text. 
nckets are $1: call ahead at 
232-7378 for reservations. 

SOPT Is located at 311 ~Ighth 

Avenue. San Diego. A free 
viewing of the video Is 
scheduled for rrlday. March 16 
at 6 pm In UCSO's Third College 
Lecture Hall. room 104. 

• • • 

The La Jolla Stage Company 
will be auditioning actors and 
actresses on Sunday (1-4 pm) 
and Monday (7-10 pm) at the 
Parker Community Auditorium. 
750 nautilus. La Jolla, for Its 
upcoming production of Mal1J. 
MaI1J. This frolicking. domestic 
comedy by Jean Kerr will run 
April 27 through May 13. 

Roles are available for three 
men between the ages of 30-50 
and two women between the 
ages of 25-35. Actors will 
receive a stipend. A two-minute 
comic reading 15 required. Mal1J. 
JIIal1J will be directed by Walt 
stewart. for more Information. 
please call 459-7773. 

• • • 

JIIiss Julie, a 1950 SWedish 
drama directed by Alf Sjoberg. 
screens Wednesday, March 14 at 
7:30 at the La Jolla Museum of 
Contemporary Art. 

Alf Sjoberg wrote and 
directed the fUm, which Is based 
on August strlndberg's play 
about a noblewoman's 

NA VY NUCLEAR 
ENGINEERING 

any better offers? $24,000 
to $54,000 after 6 years. 
If you are 19 to 26 years 
of age majoring in math, 

chemistry, physics or 
engineering and would 

like to learn more about 
this opportunity 

I' CALL 
COLLECT 
(619) 

293'·6746 
Call between the hours of 9 
am to 5 pm, Mon . thru Wed. 

f=' 
t:L. 
4(j""·~~~~ 
Introductory Special 

. wilh Ihi. lUI oltly 

surrender to a cynical servant. A 
Grand Prize winner In the 
Cannes festival. Miss Julie Is a 
searing study of sexual and 
social power starring Anita 
8jork and Ulf Palme. The flIm Is 
director Sjoberg's most 
acclaimed work. and Is shown In 
Swedish with english subtitles. 

All ftIrns are shown In the 
Museum Auditorium. located at 
700 Prospect Street In La Jolla. 
General admission Is $3: 
students and seniors. $2. for 
InformatJon. call 454-0267. 

• • • 

[ek a Mouse, the wompln' 
reggae star, will play friday at 
Carpenters Hallin Golden Hills. 
TIckets are $ 7.50 In advance and 
$8.50 at the door. for further 
InformatJon, call 239-5139. 

• • • 

lliatus. the unomclal Arts 
Magazine of the 1984 Spring 
Olympic Games In Scranton, ru. 
would like to wish Unda 
Schreiber a Happy 8-day. 

• • • 

The Icicle Works will play at 
the 8ackdoor Wednesday at 9 
pm. Tickets are $4.50 fm- SDSU 
students and $5.50 fm- all 
others. ror further Information. 
call 265-4203. 

Cbut topplag jazzl noted.)au keyboardist Dan Siegel 
returns to UCSO In '84 with his top ten album Reflections 
under his belt ready to blow away an enthusiastic crowd In 
Mandeville rrlday at 8 pm. The Wayne Johnson Trio will open 
the show. 

Tickets for this show are stili available from the uro Box 
OfHce and all Tlckmon outlets. for further Information. call 
452-4559. 

From theauthorofCARRlf, 
THE SHINING, 

THE DEAD ZONE, 
and CHRISTINE .•• 

An adult 
nlghftr.re. 

STEPHEN KlNG'S "CHILDREN Of THE CORN" 
Starring PETER HORroN LINDA HAMILTON 

Screenplay by GEORGf GOLDSMITH 12 Haircuts for students 
with sel«ted. hairstylists 
regularly S22 (women). $19 (men) 

Nails 

8a5ed upon the story by STEPHEN KING Musk by JONATHAN ELIAS 
l:.rIecuUve Producers EARL GLICK CHARLES J. WEBER 

Produced by DONALD P. BORCHfRSand TERRENCE KIRBY 
Directed by fRITZ KlfRSCH NEW WORLD PICTURES 

St'ltlpillred Nuils. reg. $40, ItO/(l $25 
I"ill.~. reg, $20. HOUI $15 
Jl/ulliOlYl'S. rex. $7. ItU/I' $5 
""Ii im rl's. n '/(. $ IIi. HUll ' $ 12 

Jlllidh' I\!Jtlp. r('J!. $ 14. 11011' $12 

8950 "ilia fA jolla VI'. 
S"i/I! 1122 

La j(,IIo. Ca. 92037 
(Jff~r u/lires 3 / '4/ 84 

I Read the Signet Paperback I Prints from eFI AngeIc.I~:'=~.!"nI -t::...p Inc. 

March 8. 1984 nliJtus 7 



A visionary at the keyboards 
By J.VIm MLI'II rArr 
With every artist there are 

two versions of a work: the one 
In his head and the one he 
makes material. Not only does a 
writer or painter have to possess 
a vision, but he has to produce 
It or reproduce It, on paper or 
canvas. In other words, art Is not 
a success unless the creator 
communicates It beyond 
himself. It Is the same for 
Interpretive artists, which 
Include musicians. 

David Korevaar, a young 
pianist trom San Diego who has 
returned from the JuilUard, 
pla)'td a concert last friday at 

. ·~~TDUA 

Sherwood Hall in La Jolla. With 
the expression of his face and 
the movement and rhythm of 
his body, he communicated that 
he had a vision of the feeling 
and grace of the music within 
his mind, but he did not always 
tell it with his fingers and 
through the keyboard. 

The Bach capriccio he chose, 
an early composition and not 
too much to work with, he 
plodded through, yet there was 
always a feeling that there was 
something more he had to offer. 
If perfection Is unattainable, 
which evidence suggests so far, 
that will always be the case with 

~ AN-IlicA-COIIPANY. OPEN DAILY. FOR INFORMATION CALL (l1ltlOMIOO 

even the greatest artists: It is a 
question of how much of the 
whole the performer can 
uncover, and Korevaar did not 
manage a lot. 

In a pastorale by fmst von 
Dohnanyt, however, one got the 
feeling that one was perceiving 
almost the entire work, that 
Korevaar had uncovered as 
much as could be. It was 
extraordinarily beautiful, an 
opinion with which the 
audience agreed, and It showed 
that although Korevaar has not 
fully communicated his artistic 
vision, the vision exbts, and he 
only needs time to bring It out 

Museum's dance program 
is too 'Goode' to be true 

San rranclsco-based dancer 
and choreographer Joe Goode 
performs at the LaJoila Museum 
of Contemporary Art, Saturday 
at 8 pm In Sherwood 
Auditorium. 

At the forefront of the Bay 
Area's dancemakers, Goode and 
his post-modem choreography 
and performance represent a 
synthesis of modem dance and 
experimental theater. The 
artist's museum debut Includes 
three pieces. "Low Tech Duet" a 
series of monologues performed 
with guest artist Livia 
Blackman, and two solo pieces. 

''I'm Sorry," a wickedly witty 
work enhanced by a syrupy song 
rendition, and "Stanley," a 
disturbing performance with an 
undercurrent of pathos. 

Tickets f<l' the performance 
may be purchased In advance at 
the Mu!eum Tuaday through 
friday from 10 am until 4 pm 
and on Sabmlay and SUnday 
from 12:30 until 4:30 pm. The 
Museum Is located at 700 
Frospect street In La Jolla. 
Tickets are $6; $5 f<l' Museum 
members, students and sena 
citizens. r<l' Information, call 
454-3541. 

MAJOR STUDIO 
SNEAK PREVIEW 

. SOFT CONTACT LENSES 
One Hour Service in mostc~ 

FRIDAY & SATURDAY NIGHTS 
AT 8:00 P.M. 

Sa ...... t MaJ- z.. Ca,., 
llelieYlll i. TntIa, Ju.tic ..... tile ... rIa • .., ... 

alllli •••• 11-....... riff set IIi • ." 
.... dIr •• II •••• 1, ... i. J.II f8r • crt_ lie IIi .. '. c ••• 1t. 

I .. , s. ....... Majer bell c.n, i ... I .. 
Ie by ....... i ••• little ..... ,..t! 

PACIFIC'S SWEETWATER 
I THEATRES 
In the Town and Country 
Shopptng Center · 805 Fwy. 
at Sweetwater Rd . 474 ·8571 
AMC FASHION VALLEY 
FashlOll Valley Center 
West of Nordstrom ' 291 4404 

8 nialus March 8, 1984 

,;. ~-r=.:c::.~; 
~ N ~ S ~, t.. ';1.., 

AMC SANTEE VILLAGE • 
1 Block West 01 Cuyamaca 
On MISSion Gorge Road 562 7910 
MA.N RANCHO 
BERNARDO 
11740 Bernardo Plaza Ct. 4858641 

AIT FLOWER HILL 
CINEMAS 
Del Mar Racetrack/Exit I 5 
275 ·0070/755 5511 
COLLEGE THEATRE 
EI ca,on Blvd. at 63rd 
2861455 

~ t~~:!\· 
INCLUDES: 
Contact lenses, examination, 
patient training, follow up, 
chemical care kit and fitting. 
EXIENDED WEAR LENSES 
ONLY $165.00 

I THE CLASSICAL EYE 
La Jolla Village Square 

(Inside the Mall; Lower L~) 
8657 Villa La Jolla Driw • Suite 136 

451-7374 
Hydrocurve extended wear lenses available. 

• 
•• 
.. : 
•••• 
• 00 0 

0.0 ••• 

t\ ... ;o:.: •• • •• 
o •••• 

••••• 
° ••• 

•••••• 
_ • e • e • u •• e e ••••••••••• 0·. 

o : 00 0 00 : 00 : 00: 00 : 00: .0 ° 00 : 0. : .0 ° .0 • 00 ° •• • 
o 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 ° 0°0 0 0 ° ° 00. 0.0 000 .0 
00 0 00 0 00 0 00 0 00 0 00 0 00 ° 00 0 00 ° 00 0 00 0 o. 0 •• 0. 

o 00 • • 0 •• 0 •• 0 •• " . • ' •• 0 •• 0_ .0_ .0 .. o . o . • 00 

'.:, DAN SIEGEL ~:~:~:~ 
B .·.·0: ~.: 0. : ••• 

. 0 • 
o .. ~~~~ .. ~~~~~ .. ~ .. ~~~~~~r--..-.... ~ • •• 

°0 0· 0'.0--0--0 0.0'.0"0 •• 0"0"0"0.°. 
o 000 000 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 •• ° ° • ° ° ••• 
00 ~ 00 ,.. 00 ~ 00 ! oo! 00 ! 00 ! .o! 00! 00! •• ! oo!.o:. 

::,~,: WAYNE JOHNSON .:::::o~ 
o • 

:0:: TRIO .:::. 
o 0 ° ° : 
o 0 ° • 
00 • ° 0 

° 0 .00 0: 8 8 0 o·.oouo ••••• o •• o •• o ••••••• O: 
o 000 ° 0 • One OftO OftO OftO GAO o~o OftO o~. oo.~o 
09:00:0°00 ::c March 9 , Friday, 8:00 p.m . •• • 

000 : 00 0 : 00 0, Mandeville Auditorium ••• : 
: 00 ~.o ° 0 : 0° 0, GoA 59.00, UCSD St. 56.00 : ... .c. 1M"""';': 

o 00 0 00 0 UCSD Box Office & Ticketron: "52-"559 ° ° 0. •• 


