


2 February 16, 1984 

NEWS 
(ICS) GucWoGcw 

Washington DC Summer Internships are now available through the Warren Campus Internship Office. Many opportunities are open for worldwide internships i n all disciplines. Deadlines are approaching i n February and March. For more information call x4355. 
MacArthur Award has been granted to a U C S D professor once accused of overprescribing amphetamines to members of the San Diego Chargers. Dr. Arnold Mandel received the $240,000 MacArthur Award as one of 22 "highly creative" people for his work in brain chemistry and psychopharmacology. 

• 

San Diego UC Regent is the rallying call for local politicians who are seeking to place a San Diegan for the first time on the U C Board of Regents. Mayor Hedgecock is spearheading the drive to find a San Diegan as replacement for one of the two positions soon to be vacated. The local politicians have failed to mention UCSD student Linda Sabo's term as student U C Regent. 
• 

Mexican study grant has been awarded to U C S D to support programs on Mexico and the US-Mexican border. The $80,000 S.H. Cowell Foundation grant will help underwrite conferences at the Center for US-Mexican Studies. The conferences include a workshop next month on the Mexican military as well as briefing sessions for US and Mexican journalists. 
• 

University Pavilion, an 18-bed general medical/surgical unit located on the 11th floor of the Medical Center, was recently established to meet the needs of the UCSD Medical Center full-time and volunteer faculty members in caring for their private patients. This is the first step in an innovative program designed to integrate the personal care of a private hospital with the high level of technical care offered by a non-profit teaching faculty. For more information call 294-6163. 

INTERPAC, a non-profit foreign exchange student organization, will sponsor a five-week homestay program i n San Diego this spring. Approximately 40 young students from Thailand will come to study American culture. These students will study English conversation daily at UCSD. For more information call 459-7534 
Under Fire creative consultant and photojournalist for the New York Times, Dr. Matthew Naytons will give a lecture Thursday February 16th at 7:30 p m i n the auditorium of the Natural History Museum i n Balboa Park in conjunction with the Museum of Photographic Arts' current exhibition on photojournalism in El Salvador. For additional information call 239-5262. 
1984 by George Orwell will be the focus of a panel discussion at a meeting of San Diego Independent Scholars on February 22 at 7:30 pm in Room 111A, Chancellor's Complex. UCSD historian, Dr. Allan Mitchell, will discuss some of the novel's historical background. For more information call 453-1878. 
O l y m p i c Volleyball "Corporate Challenge" will be held Saturday, May 5th, 8 am till dark at the Fairbanks Ranch Athletic Field. San Diego's finest and fiercest companies will don their corporate colors i n head-to-head competition on the volleyball court to raise funds for the 1984 USA Men's Volleyball team. For related story, see today's sports section. For more information call 692-4162. 
The Cake Club of San Diego presents "Confections on Parade" a cake decorating show and competition to be held at Lajol la Village Square February 18th and 19th. The competition is open to all decorators ages five through adult, amateur and professional, and will benefit Muscular Dystrophy. For more information call 271-7155. 

1968... Recendy, many UCSD students were given their first taste of the new and popular sport of car rallying, with Alpha Phi Omega's Neptune rally. Because of the success of that rally, for which it was necessary to hurriedly print more instruction sheets when too many people showed up, chances are likely more U C S D rallies will follow. 
1969... Tom Shepard, UCSD Associated Student President, will discuss "Student Power — The Role of Student Government," Saturday on KEBS-TV. Shepard will be joined by three other student body presidents on the third edition of Under Thirty, a one-hour panel discussion. 
1970... The time to save the Torrey Pines is now: the deadline of February 22 is rapidly approaching. If emergency action is not taken now, many pines will vanish under the bulldozers of the construction companies. The threatened trees are located on 17 acres of privately-owned land north of the Torrey Pines State Reserve. • 

1971... A little over 400 demonstrators assembled at Horton Plaza on Wednesday to register their disgust with the current US invasion of Laos. While marching, the soldiers of peace chanted such phrases as "Out now," "Peace now" and "Hands off Laos." They also carried picket signs, one of which read "Nixon: Don't Laos US up." 
1972... Located on the edge of the U C S D campus behind the School of Medicine, the six-story VA Hospital has just recently opened its d o o r s . U l t i m a t e l y p l a n n e d to accommodate 811 beds, the hospital now has 120 of those operative and has admitted its first 60 patients. 
1973... The underdog UCSD women's intercollegiate volleyball team has won its second straight NA1A District III championship. The volleyball team, coached by Chuck Millenbah. is only in its second year of existence. Millenbah is noted for also coaching the 1970 men's national champions, headed by AU-American Kerry Klostermann. 

AS Forum is a news feature, not an editorial column. Therefore, we present the following two items for your consideration. Last week, the AS Counci l voted overwhelmingly i n favor of AS President Craig Lee's resolution to support the University Center Planning Board Advisory Committee's process of operation. The resolution reads: W H E R E A S , there is a strongly perceived and actual need for a new and expanded University Center facilities and programs to serve the needs of the students at U C S D and W H E R E A S , there is a need to provide open and representative input into the planning and design of new University Center programs and facilities; T H E R E F O R E BE IT RESOLVED, that the ASUCSD fully endorses the change of the University Center Program/Building Advisory Committee ( U C P B A C ) ; "to provide advice on the types of activities which would be housed i n such a facility, appropriate mechanisms to fund a University Center, citing options and criteria to evaluate siting" and the membership of the U C P B A C as being necessary and sufficient to provide the broad based representation required to provide timely and representative advice to the ASUCSD, students and the University Community on University Center facilities. A N D BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the ASUCSD endorses the subcommittee procedure being followed by the U C P B A C as being the most effective and open way by which the U C P B A C can prepare its report i n a timely and representative manner. 

§. 4/1 

AS 

1 i^^E l 
President Craig Lee presented a proposal to support the UCPBAC process. 

This Wednesday, the AS Counci l voted by a similar favorable margin to support the Co-op and Enterprises challenge to the U C P B A C operation process. The second resolution reads: Proposal for Improving Student Representation/Power on the U C P B A C We support adding a Co-op & Entrepnses representative and a SAAC representative to the University Center Program/Building Advisory Committee. Having only 50% student representation on the Advisory Committee is not adequate because: five voting student reps can not adequately represent the diverse student body here at U C S D in a democratic fashion; since the Student Center has been financed by 100% student fees, why should an Advisory Committee made up of only 50% students decide its future? Allowing for a broader student representation facilitates greater student input and insures a Student Center that best addresses student needs is built. It allows for a powerful and unified student supported planning process. Co-ops represent the largest single student constituency on this campus; also students on the Co-ops &r Enterprises subcommittee of the U C P B A C make up the vast majority of active student input into the University Center issue. Constituencies represented by the Student Center Board were: College Councils; Associated Students; Graduate Studente; Co-ops <Sr Enterprises; and SAAC. Constituencies represented by U C P B Advisory Committee were: College Councils; Associated Students; and Graduate Students. This Friday at 2 pm i n the North Conference Room, the U C P B A C will vote on the Co-op's proposal. All concerned students are invited to attend and voice their opinions on this issue. 
— Christopher Canole 

1975... ' "The President of the United States must be greater than the Almighty. As I understand the workings of religion, the Almighty can't pardon a man unless he repents of his sins, and yet the President can pardon a man who says he has no sins." Such were Senator Sam Ervin's comments on the Nixon pardon, made during an appearance last Thursday. 
1976... A question concerning the quarter versus semester issue has been placed on the referendum ballot through the efforts of the Independent Students for Democracy (ISD). As a non-partisan, non-political student organization, ISD is only interested in polling student preferences This issue is expected to last possibly many years. 

1977... Nothing happened. 
1979... Repeating a precedent set i n 1977, nothing happened at UCSD this week. 
1980... A symposium on the thought of Herbert Marcuse, hosted by the Philosophy Department, will focus on the late UCSD professors work. In Eros 
and Civilization, considered by many to be his most important work, Marcuse stressed the concept that one should remember the past and use it to develop philosophy. 
1981... The biannual Nothing Happened at UCSD This Week Club forgot to sponsor its non-event, but due to tradition: nothing happened anyway. — Christopher Canole 



At 

February 16, 1984 3 

NEWS 
y"::::;:::;:;:v:::-:y:::;:v:v:;:y: 

Illegal aliens given 
residency by UC 
By J A C K I E A F F O N S O 
Sacramento Correspondent 

The California Legislature is in the 
process of clarifying a recently enacted 
law which some, including the 
University of California, have 
interpreted as giving illegal aliens 
residency status for the purpose of 
avoiding non-resident tuition. 

Assembly Bill 2015, which became 
effective January 1, 1984, was intended 
by its author Assemblymember Art Agnos 
(D-San Francisco) to allow refugees to 
obtain residency status while waiting for 
their immigration papers to be 
processed, Bill Chavez, assembly -
education committee consultant said. 

Conflicting legal interpretations of the 
bill have caused disagreement among 
the three segments of public higher 
education. 

The University of California and the 
community colleges' legal counsels 
contend the law does not state what it 
had intended, while California State 
University's counsel contends it does, 
Chavez said. 

The U C Board of Regents has not 
taken any position or action on the bill. 
"At this point, it seems to be quite 
unclear what the Legislature intended, 
Donald Reidhaar, U C general counsel 
said. 

Regardless of its interpretation, the 
University would adopt the law only 
upon consent of the Regents. Prior to 
the Agnos bill, requirements for 
residency status were one year of 
physical presence in California and a 
demonstrated intent to remain a 
resident of the state, Reidhaar said. 

The University has upheld these 
residency requirements, he said. 

"Students who are undocumented are 
not constitutionally eligible to establish 
residency lor tuition purposes." 

To settle the dispute, two bill have 
been introduced in both houses which 
would clarify the intent of Agnos' bill . 
However, their constitutionality has 
already been questioned. Senate Bill 
1350 and Assembly Bill 2247 would 
deny resident status to undocumented 
aliens and consequently require them to 
pay non-resident tuition. 

The legislative counsel has said the 
proposed bills are unconstitutional. 
Chavez said the counsel issued an 
opinion stating that "as drafted, these 
bills violate due process and equal 
protection of documented aliens." 

Education committee hearings on 
both bills, scheduled for this week, were 
postponed. 

Authored by Senator John Seymour 
(R-Orange), SB 1350 has been 
rescheduled for another hearing, while 
AB 2247, authored by Marian Bergeson 
(R-Orangc), has not yet been 
rescheduled. 

Karen Yelverton, aide to Seymour, 
said that before the next hearing, the 
senator plans to rewrite the bill and 
discuss the revisions with Bergeson. 

Bergeson said she will postpone the 
hearing on her bill until she receives 
"further clarification on some of the 
legal ramifications of the bill as it relates 
to federal immigration laws." 

Chavez said the legal disagreement 
over the present law is attributed to the 
federal laws on the issue. "The federal 
law is silent now on the status of 
undocumented aliens," he said. 

Voter registration 
may get boost 
By J A C K I E A F F O N S O 
Sacramento Correspondent 

University of California students, 
along with those at other public 
universities and colleges, would register to 
vote through their enrollment packets 
under a new bil l authored by Senate 
Majority Leader John Garamendi CD-
Walnut Grove). 

Senate Bill 1563, introduced late 
Friday (last week), would require 
University campus administration to 
insert voter registration forms into 
students' enrollment packets 

The measure could not be 
implemented, however, without approval 
of the U C Board of Regents. 

Although University officials have not 
yet seen the bil l . Dean of Students A d 
Brugger said, "1 am troubled about 
involving the University and especially 
the registration process in any k i n d of 
function which would propel the 
University into an area which is not its 
responsibility." 

He said using registration materials 
for voter registration may obligate the 
University to do so for other functions, 
such as draft registration. 

"We're not an extension of a 
government enforcement agency," 
Brugger said. 

Matt Lieberman, aide to Garamendi, 
said the bill also asks the Regents t o . 
design the rules and regulations 
involved in administering the voter 
registration forms and mailing them to 
the respective county clerks' offices. 

In addition, the University would be 
asked to absorb the labor costs involved 
in processing the forms. It is estimated 
that the entire program involving 

California State Universities and 
community colleges would be $300,000. 

The University does support the 
concept of increasing student 
registration and plans to meet with the 
U C Student Lobby to discuss the issue, 
Brugger said. 

The lobby, currently involved in a 
voter registration campaign aimed at 
registering 500,000 students for the June 
and November elections, supports 
Garamendi's bill, Associate Director J im 
Lofgren said. 

He said the bill is the result of 
discussions on student voter registration 
between the lobby and members of the 
Campus Campaign for Voter 
Participation, an arm of the California 
Counci l on Students' Educational Needs. 

Initiator of the bill , Mitch Berman, a 
1976 U C L A graduate, said he started the 
project in 1980 when working for the 
California Secretary of State and 
presented the idea to Garamendi at a 
recent meeting i n Los Angeles. 

Berman said while both C S U and the 
community colleges support the bill. 
University officials have told him several 
times that they were not in support of 
the idea. 

" U C was difficult because they 
consider their [registration] packets 
sacred," he said. 

Deborah Seiler, chief of the elections 
division for the California Secretary of 
State, said she was in favor of 
registering students to vote, but was 
aware that the University was against 
using its registration packets for this 
purpose. She said there should be some 

please turn la page 16 

PRECISION 
LAJOLU HAIRCUTS 

JJjJIJBJIjyjQ for men & women 

H M U M H V W i t n t h i s coupon only. 

uUJJwfiil I o f f p r p v r m ^ ,_K f t 4 
737 Pearl 456-1170 
L a J o l l a 456-1815 

4fc 1 A P R E C I S I O N | PERM $29 .50 
y X U H A I R C U T L o n g Hair Extra. 

for men & women 

shampoo, cut. j CELLOPHANE $15 
(Blow dry not included.) 

SOFT CONTACT LENSES 
One Hour Service in 

most cases 

INCLUDES: 
Contact lenses, examination, 
patient training, follow up, 
chemical care kit and fitting. 
EXTENDED WEAR LENSES 
ONLY $265.00 

THE CLASSICAL EYE 
DR. ROBERT HELLER OPTOMETRIST 

La Jolla Village Square 
(Inside the Mall; Lower Level) 

8657 Villa La Jolla Drive • Suite 136 
452-7374 

Hydrocurve extended wear lenses available. 

Muir College 
House Advisor Positions 

1984-85 
Applications are available at the Muir Residence Halls 

Office with a job referral from Student Employment. 

Application deadline is Friday, February 24. 
Call 452-4200 for additional information. 

DID Y O U KNOW? 

Now, you can earn a commission in the United States Navy 
or Marine Corps while attending UCSDI 

Scholarship and Non-Scholarship programs available. 

For more information contact the NAVY ROTC at 293-4811. 



4 February 16, 1984 

OPINION 
r : : : : - : : : : : : : : : - : - : - ; - ; - : ; WivX*:-:-:-:.:-: 

Editorial 

Taking the 
easy way out 

The situation is a familiar one. It is finals week 
and you are frantically trying to stuff all the readings, 
formulas, theories and concepts from the quarter into 
neat little mental packages that you can pull out for 
use on your exams. You put i n as many hours of 
intensive studying as you can bear, maybe an all-
nighter or two, and then, tired and anxious, you gear 
up mentally as best as you can for each exam. 

The anxiety, uncertainty and cramming are all to 
be expected during finals week, but after going 
through all of that, what could be more discouraging 
and frustrating than to see a classmate cruise through 
a final by cheating? Short of failing, not much. 

Although U C S D has an extensive "policy on 
integrity of scholarship" accompanied by explicit 
"procedures for disposition of cases of academic 
dishonesty," cheating on assignments and tests goes 
on undaunted. 

The story is told of a student who wore a hearing 
aid throughout the quarter so that during the final he 
could go unsuspected as he wore an earphone 
attached to a small concealed tape recorder that 
played the answers. Whether this story is truth or 
legend, the fact remains that as long as homework 
and tests have existed, students have been searching 
for new and innovative ways to "succeed without 
really trying." 

In the atmosphere of a highly competitive 
university, cheating by some desperate, GPA-minded 
students is almost to be expected. However, the 
pursuit of top grades i n no way justifies academic 
dishonesty. 

Cheating undermines the grading system by 
removing the element of fairness i n the competition 

ft@ir§lettersl©ttar§B^ 

lustration. David HemirigiT 

for grades w h i c h should be based on fair evaluation 
of each student's own work. 

Cheaters are reminded that while dishonesty may 
provide them with a needed grade, that momentary 
success may become a hindrance later when they 
f ind themselves unable to face a chaEenge on their 
own, or that they lack important knowledge due to a 
reliance on cheating. 

According to a study published i n the Journal of 
Medicine, doctors" "who cheated in school are more 
likely than their honest colleagues to shortchange the 
patients they treat." 

Surely students benefit by seeking academic 
success honestly, even if it means accepting a lower 
grade sometimes, just to see for themselves where 
their weaknesses and strengths lie rather than 
waiting for a future course or career to point out 
possible incompetence. 

So the next time you are faced with an 
"impossible" assignment or exam, do not let laziness 
or fear take control. Study up and try your best. Make 
each success your very own. 

As Thomas Jefferson, one of history's most famous 
scholars, said, "Never suppose that i n any possible 
situation or under any circumstances that it is best 
for you to do the dishonorable thing." 

Editor 
Effective June 1984, people of 

Pil ipino ancestry will no longer 
be considered a target 
recruitment group for University 
of California affirmative action 
programs. This action is due to 
the University's hypocritical 
parity guidelines that govern 
affirmative action eligibility. The 
guidelines state that if an 
affirmative action group has at 
least the same percentage (with 
respect to the general 
population) entering the 
University of California as are 
graduating lrom California high 
schools for five consecutive 
years, it is said that group has 
achieved parity and is no longer 
eligible to be considered lor 
affirmative action. 

The University's elimination of 
Pilipinos as an Affirmative Action 
group is suspect on two counts: 
first, the University d id not 
follow their own parity 
guidelines; secondly, the parity 
guidelines are grossly inadequate. 

Pilipinos only met the U C 
parity guidelines for three 
consecutive years, not the 
required live years. 

The parity guidelines are 
grossly inadequate for the 
following reasons. They do not 
consider graduation rates. They 
do not involve any community 

input from the affected group. 
Finally, they are designed to 
prevent minority 
"overrepresentation" in the 
University. Parity, if it were to be 
considered fair, should be based 
on graduation, not entrance 
rates. As all students know, 
gaining admission to the 
University and achieving a 
degree are two entirely diilerent 

matters. The graduation rates will 
be able to reflect how well the 
University has done in 
eliminating internal barriers to 
minorities as well as the external 
admissions barriers. 

Any decision to eliminate an 
affirmative action group must 
also include the community 
involved. The community's 
perceived need is at least as 

Let's Hear It! 
The Guardian invites all students, faculty and staff to make use of 

the opinion section as an open forum to present and exchange their 
views on any subject. Letters and articles may be sent to the O p i n i o n 
Editor at the Guardian, B-016, UCSD, Lajolla, C A 92093 or brought to 
our offices adjacent to the Che Cafe. Requirements lor letters and 
Commentary pieces are outlined below. 
Commentary pieces maybe submitted by any concerned individual. 
Pieces should be typed double-spaced on a 72-character line. 
Articles may be rebuttals to a Guardian story or letter. Whatever the 
subject, the writer should focus on a clear thesis W e reserve the right 
to edit for clarity and style, but all major changes will be cleared with 
the author prior to publication whenever possible. 
Letters to the editor should be typed as above. Letters are generally 
written in regard to articles or other letters printed in the Guardian. 
However, any letter of general intrest to U C S D students will be 
considered for publication. Letters may be edited when space 
requires, and spelling and grammatical errors may be corrected The 
writer's name and phone number must accompany every article and 
letter. 

important, if not more 
important.than any statistically 
based need. 

Finally, the idea of parity is 
suspect in itself. It is designed to 
prevent overrepresentation, 
which is discriminatory. There 
are no similar guidelines that 
prevent overrepresentation of 
non-minority students. Therefore, 
the concept of parity is in itself 
discriminatory. 

For these reasons, (he 
Asian/Pacific Student Alliance 
feels the elimination ol Pilipinos 
from affirmative action is unjust 
and is only another attempt by 
the University to dismantle all 
affirmative action. Affirmative 
action has played a very 
important role in the rising 
Pil ipino enrollment. Prior to the 
establishment of affirmative 
action, there were almost no 
Pilipinos in the University. 

Please jo in us in our statewide 
campaign to save affirmative 
action by signing our petition 
being circulated around campus 
or by giving us your time. L C S D 
is the only campus that has 
shown an absolute and relative 
decline in minority enrollment. 
Affirmative action is needed now 
more than ever. 

Luke La Roya 
Asian/Pacific Student Alliance 

Editor 
Tim August 

Managing Editor 
Phil Lauder 

Copy Editor 
Joe Desiderio 

Opinion Editor 
Grace Nielsen 

Contributing Opinion Editor 
David Wolf 

News Editor 
Lisa Lapin 

Contributing News Editors 
Christopher Canole 
Steven R. Friedman 

Phil WiUon 

Arts Editor 
Andrew Keeler 

Associate Arts Editor 
John Nee 

Sports Editor 
Jeff Savage 

Photo Editor 
Rich Pecjak 

General Manager 
Chris Milke 

Associate General Managers 
Linda Lewis 

Valerie McMul l in 

Photographers 
Richard Caterina 
Rob Friedenthal 

Mark Johnson 
David Newell 

Illustrators 
John Ashlee 

Steve Kloepfer 

Typesetters 
Joe Desiderio 
Anggie Lapid 

Phil Lauder 
Andy Laurence 

Production 
Hana Abrams 
Paul Farwell 
Lizz Fuller 
Kelley Neal 

Karla Spencer 

Staff Writers 
Lance Bernard, Ethan Feerst, 
Sergio Klier, Michael Partos, 

Den a Rosen. 

The UCSD Guardian is 
published Mondays and 
Thursdays during the academic 
year by students at U C S D . Views 
expressed in the Guardian do not 
represent the views of the 
Regents of the University of 
California or the Associated 
Students of U C S D . All un-
initialled editorials represent the 
views of the entire editorial 
board of the Guardian; initialled 
editorials represent minority 
opinions ol the editorial board. 
Reproduction, publication, or any 
use without permission of any 
portion of this newspaper 
without prior notification is 
strictly prohibited. 

The Guardian welcomes signed 
letters and commentary as 
outlined in the Opin ion section; 
however, we are not responsible 
for unsolicited manuscripts or 
art. 

Our olfice is located southeast 
of the Rcvellc Provost Office next 
door to the Che Cafe on the 
U C S D campus. The Business 
Office is open lrom 9 am to 
noon and 1 pin to 5 pm Monday 
through Friday. 

Subscriptions are available and 
will be mailed first class lor SI 3 
per quarter 

The U C S D Guardian 
U C S D , B-016 

La Jolla. California 92093 
(619) 452-3466 



© winters I 

'Can you tell me how to get .... 
how to get to Sesame Street?' 

February 16. 1984 5 

OPINION 

By PHIL LAUDER 
Sometimes in our eternal collegiate 

struggle we forget how we got to where 
we are now. W e forget the fundamentals 
— the grass root education that allowed 
us to "progress" to multi-variable 
calculus and urban planning in Western 
India. 

We forget Sesame Street. 
Sesame Street, for the cave-dwellers 

among you, is an educational children's 
program aired on the Public 
Broadcasting Service (KPBS-TV 15 in 
San Diego). Its message is aimed 
primarily at preschoolers and just-
barely-turned-schoolers, and it has, in 
its 15 years of existence, become an 
American institution. 

I must say 1 admire anyone who has 
made it through childhood without the 
aid of Sesame Street, just as 1 admire 
other handicapped people who can 
survive and flourish in our modern 
society despite their impediments. Just 
as I cannot imagine going through life 
without two arms and a face, I cannot 
imagine making it to college without 
Sesame Street. 

This was probably the first program to 
successfully combine fun and education. 
Man, if you didn't learn the alphabet 
after watching five or six episodes, 
something was wrong with you. But as 
you learned the letters and the numbers 
via the cute cartoons and jingles you 
didn't think, "Hey, I'm learning the 
alphabet and the numbers up to ten." 
Instead you thought, "Hey, this is a 
good way to blow an hour." 

Of course, you leam more than just 
numbers and letters on this show. You 
leam about opposites, comparisons (big, 
bigger, biggest), and prepositions. You 
leam about shapes and colors, and 
about cooperation ("Let's call it 
cooperation." "No, let's call it... Shirley."). 
You learn about rhymes and reason. You 
also learn that monsters are pretty cool 
dudes. 

These monsters and their fellow 
Muppet characters add an element -of 

is also the possessor of a laugh whose 
imitation I have spent years perfecting. 
Ernie is great. 

W h e n I grow up I think I'll become a 
Cookie Monster. This blue-furred, oogly-
eyed, friendly beast prefers eating 
cookies but will munch on tables, chairs, 
letters and what have you. His theme 
song, " C is for Cookie — That's Good 
Enough for Me," is a musical classic. 
Thanks to him I've gotten into shoving 
cookie crumbs into my mouth and 

Bert is a guy who watches "Pigeons in the 
News," dreams about oatmeal and sings about 
linoleum — a man of the '80s. 

charm and fantasy to the whole recipe, 
one which can keep even the most 
restless of kids glued to the set. My 
favorites were Ernie and Bert. I think 1 
idolized Bert at one point in my 
development. This is a guy who watches 
"Pigeons in the News," dreams about 
oatmeal and sings about linoleum — a 
man of the 80s. 

His vivacious compatriot is slightly 
stupider but also a whole lot more 
intelligent. He does things like taking a 
bath with an umbrella and a bowling 
ball, just in case someone needs to 
borrow a bowling ball while he bathes, 
and just in case it rains i n the 
bathroom... which, of course, it does. He 

letting them all fall back down to the 
floor. My parents got into it too. 

Oscar the Grouch is in a class by 
himself. This is a true grouch among 
men. Living in a trash can, he preaches 
the gospel of garbage — and he 
practices what he preaches. His 
breakfasts feature peanut butter and 
pickle sandwiches, and he dines on 
spam and okra casseroles. If you don't 
love Oscar the Grouch, you aren't 
American. 

Kermit the Frog used Sesame Street as 
a springboard to fame and fortune on 
The Muppet Show. He is still a regular on 
Sesame Street, and his charm and that of 

his Muppet cohorts give the program a 
magic all its own. 

There are, however, a few things that 
puzzle me about Sesame Street. First of 
all, what the hell do those grown-ups 
actually do for a living? They live on 
Sesame Street and sing to Muppets — 
pretty exciting existence. Secondly, how 
come we never see the Muppets' legs? Is 
this a race of cripples or what? Also, 
why do the producers insist on showing 
those stupid little film clips? You know, 
the ones on wildlife and streams, always 
narrated by kids, always with that 
sickeningly happy music in the 
background. I mean, I'm a faithful 
viewer, but even I take the opportunity 
to go to the bathroom when those come 
on. 

Finally, don't those kids on the show 
ever grow up? A n d who writes their 
dialogues, anyway? 

Well , I suppose it's all part of the 
overall chemistry of the best children's 
program on television. Even now I'd 
rather watch Sesame Street than the likes 
of Three's Stupidity or others of the jiggle 
genre. A n d I already know my alphabet. 

So perhaps this is a good moment to 
take time out from the rat race of college 
and remember what got you here. Pay 
some respect to Sesame Street the next 
time you're near the tube. 

* * * 
This article was brought to you today by 

the letters P and L, and by the number 13. 
the writer's i is a production of... the 
Children's Television Workshop. 

NAVY NUCLEAR 
ENGINEERING 

any better offers? $24,000 
to $54,000 after 6 years. 
If you are 19 to 26 years 
of age majoring in math, 

chemistry, physics or 
engineering and would 

like to learn more about 
this opportunity 

CALL 
COLLECT 

(619) 
293-6746 
Cal l between the hours of 9 

am to 5 pm, Mon. thru Wed. 

COPYTEX 
• COPIES 
• BINDING 
• WORD 

PROCESSING 
• LASER 

PRINTING 
FAST TURN A R O U N D TIME 

4166 Convoy St. 
( S o . o f B a l b o a , n e x t t o A a r o n B r o 

278-6358 

htlVJLIllW.Liliim 
i i i I i i •i i i I i 

In fact, we'll even pay you more than $575 a month while you attend. That's 
in addition to paying for your full tuition and required books and fees. 

It's all part of the Armed Forces Health Professions Scholarship Program. 
How does it work? 

If you're selected for a Physician Scholarship-from the Army, Navy, or 
Air Force-you're commissioned as an officer in the Reserve. 

While you're in school, you'll serve 45 days a year on active duty, gaining 
valuable medical experience. After graduation, you will serve three or more 
years, the length depending on the requirements of the Service selected and 
years of scholarship assistance received. 

As an Armed Forces physician you'll receive officer's pay and benefits, 
and enjoy the advantages of working regular hours. You'll also see a diversity 
of patients and have opportunities to use sophisticated medical technology. 

But most important, while you're in medical school we'll help pay the bills. 
For more information, send in the coupon. There's no obligation whatsoever. 

Yes, I am interested in receiving more information about an Armed 
Professions Scholarship. I understand there is no obligation. 

Mail this coupon to: 
Armed Forces Scholarships, RO. Box C1776, Huntington Station, NY 11746 

Check up to three: • A R M Y • N A V Y • A IR F O R C E 

Please Print All Information Clearly and Completely: 

led Forces Health^U 

_ • Male • Female 

City. n ] 

College _ 

Date of Graduation [ 
Month Year J Field ol Study _ 

LThe information you voluntarily provide will be used for recruiting purposes only, The more complete it is, j i | the better we can respond to your request. (Authority: 10, USC 503) M 



NOTICE 
Professor Peter Irons 

from the Political Science Dept. 
will be featured on 

60 Minutes 
Sunday, February 19 
at 7:00 p.m. on CBS. 

He will be interviewed with respect to his 
representation of several Japanese Americans 

interned during World War II. 

Dr. Irons will also debate Dr, Ken Masugi 
(Resident Fellow, The Claremont Institute) 

regarding the wartime internment of Japanese 
Americans on Friday, February 17 at 4:00 p.m, in 

the HL Auditorium. All are welcome. 

Dr. Masugi will argue that the 1983 report of the Commission on 
Wartime Relocation and Internment of Civilians, which 

recommended redress payments to Japanese Americans, s hould be 
rejected by Congress a s "fatally flawed " and "intellectually 

dishonest". 

Dr. Iron s will defend the Commission report and its redress 
recommendation, and will s upport the Commission's conclusion 

that the wartime internment of Japanese Americans was a "grave 
injustice" that resulted from "race prejudice, war hysteria and a 

failure of political leadership. " 

The Moderator: Dr. Sanford Lakoff 
Professor of Political Science, UCSD 

This debate is sponsored by the Warren College 
Faculty Fellow Program and the Department of 

Political Science, 

How to have class between classes. 

U.C.5D. Women', Studl., Program 
with 

IMlIce Sandler 
DIrecta' a the Project on the Status and Education 

of Women, Washington D,C, 
presenting: 

"Classroom Climate: How Faculty 
Encourage Certain Students 

to SUcce.d" 

Do professors tend to give subtle (& some not-so-subtle) 
cues to male students which encourage and support 
them and cues which are experienced as deflating or 

devaluing by women? Come and find out. 

TODAY 
Thursday, February 16, 1984 

2:00 p.m. 
HaSS 7077 

GRAND OPENING 
SAlE! 

r------------------I 30%-50% OFF 
I all SWeats a T's 
I WIth thl. coupon Ihru 2·22-a.t. 
I 
I Sweata for Women or Men ... ,m OFF 

.& our CreINI'leCk. V-neck. Hoods I 
and Pants in 12 exciting colors. solid I 
or printed. 501. OfF ALL our Cut Out I 
SNeats in the latest looks. 
For Example; 0911 Necks Reg. $12 . now sa.OO 

Pants Reg. $12 . now sa.oo 
5O'r. POytic. 50'1. Cotton 

T·Shllts for Men. Women or Kids ... m 
OfF ALi Solid or Printed 1's in 
Sleeveless. Short Sleeve. Long Sleeve. 
Hooded or other styles. SO\ OFF AlL 
Cut Out Half Shirts. ncNI just $1.49• 
ForEmmple; 

Heallyweighl ~/~ short sleeve . now $3.10 
L_~~~~~~!~:..~~.:_I 

Our Regular Prices are 
Low Low Low 

Naw Save ~ MORE 
We GUARANTEE we have the lowest sunglau prices of 

any afore In San Diego or we'll pay the dlfferencel 

Paalic &~ ~7l.. 
Our New Location Our Lumberyard Store 

1030G Torrey Pines Rd. Also Celebrates 
(by the Yogurt Affair) 745 1st Street 
La Jolla / 454-8006 Encinitas /942-0337 

(formerly Expressions Unlimited) 
Open 7dap 

New building and accreditation bid 
may soon end UCSD engineering crisis 
By PHIL WlLLON 

Engineering srudents wiD be able to breathe a liule 
easier in a few years, thanks to the new building 
UCSD is planning on cOfIsrructing in their behalf. This 
comes as a resuh of Governor Deukmejian's proposed 
budge!. All that is now needed is the legislature's stamp 
of approval. 

The engineering building will cost betwcen $35 and 
$45 million and wiD be located near Central Library 
and the new Warren apanments. It is scheduled to be 
co mpleted by August, 1987. 

"It 's going to mean better labs, better classrooms and 
better facilities for professors and teaching assistants: 
said Dean of Engineering Lea Rudee. 

Both the AMES and EE/CS Depaltments will benefit 
from the additional building, whKh is being planned 
because of the recent surge in engineering enrollment 
and the need for increased laboratory space. The 
constrUCllon will also coincide with an increase in the 

The plan to expand faculty 
must stay on hold until there's 
space. 

engineering faculty, which has been planned lor some 
time. 

Currently, the AMES and EE/CS Departments only 
have half the space they need in order to function in a 
reasonable manner. Both Urey Hall and the Applied 
Physics and Mathematics Building (AP&M) are running 
their laboratories at absolute capacity. 

"We're exceedingly tight for space: commented 
Larry Melstein. professor of electrical engineering. So 
cramped are they that one professor said that even the 
additional building would only provide the bare 

-minimum of space needed. 
In AP&M, many of the graduate students had ttfeir 

offices taken away because the problem is so bad. 
Some of them were relocated in the bungalows on 
Warren campus and others were put in the old 
Recreation Depanmcnt offices. 

Chris Warren, who is presently working on hiS PhD 
In applied phYSics, now shares two laboralOries With 
six other people . "It's not overflowing, but II is pretty 
full." he said. 

Urey Hall is so packed that it cannot adequately 
accommodate all of the lacilities that are needed. 
Funds to repair the old building may be coming in the 
future. 

Along with more space, the proposed structure will 
also improve the situation for srudents, who can barely 
find room 10 move in their packed majors. 

"In order to train students 10 be more responsive to 
industrial demands, and help build up our faculty, we 

need to update our research labs," said applied physics 
'professor William Chang. 

The plan to expand the engineering faculty has been 
ready and waiting, but must remain on hold until there 
is space 10 accommodate them . .. It's very hard to 
attract faculty if you can't give them an o ffice," said 
Melstein . 

Many of the students and professors are hoping 
some new eqUipment Will accompany the new 
structure , because in high technology, engineering 
equipmem becomes obsolete almost overnIght. There 
may be plans to design a highly advanced faCIlIty that 
WIll be used to research microelectronic chips because 
AP&M does nOI have the proper facilities to do so. 

The Engineering Division is also beginning to make 
other improvements and changes, such as the future 
addition of Mechanical and Structural Engi neering 
Departments that will be Included in AMES. For the 
eXisting depanments, there IS an Increasing effon 10 
gain academic accreditation . 

Because UCSD is such a theory-oriented school the 
Accreditation Board for Engineering and Technology 
has only approved one engi neering program -
electrical. Dean Rudee says that WIth the upcoming 
changes the other engineering depanments WIll soon 
be Joining it. 

"The difference IS only one or tWO deSIgn courses," 
claims Dean of AMES David Miller. "The Accreditation 
Board looks for content, not quality." onetheless, 
Miller feels the addition of both the new depaltments 
and the new building will help push the UCSD 
engineering programs over the edge. 

Although accreditation is Significant. says Dean 
Rudee. it is not a prereqUIsite for excellence. "Certainly 
the quality of our faculty . library and students, Insures 
quality that IS way above the majority of schools that 
are accredited: 

Graduating from an accredited school IS only 
necessary if a person w""ts to work [or the stale or IS 
Interested in receiving a professionarengineer's 
license. 

"Accreditation IS nor an important factor," saId 
Professor Chang. "Our students have been geltlng aU 
kinds of job olTers even before electrical engineering 
was accredited: 

Because of theIr broad and detaIled base in 
mathematics and science, Dean Miller said UCSD 
students are geared more IOward high technology than 
those of most other accredited Insututions and says 
the UCSD Engineering Depanment IS "as good as the 
best." 

Professor Melstein doubts the whole baSIS of the 
accreditation system , saying that it all depends on who 
is on the board at the time . One board may approve a 
school while a different board may not. 

"I don't think it's uniform." said Melstein ,"a nd I 
don't especlaUy agree with it." 

One imponant reason to have an accredited 
program is the increase in scholarship money that 
usually comes along with it. 

The average starting salary for a UCSD graduate in 
either AMES or EE/ CS is now between $25,000 and 
$)0,000. In San Diego alone there is such a demand 
for electrical engineers that our departments cannot 
produce enough of them to sausfy the Industry. 

Although the UCSD Electrical Engineering 
Depanment has only existed for a short five years , it is 
already considered one of the top 15 programs In the 
nation . Because of thiS it has become the hardest 
major to get into on Ihe whole campus. 

One of the major reasons UCSD needs the new 
engineering bUilding IS the incredIble Increase of 
students who want to get Into the major. 

"The UCSD rate of applIcation growth IS the highest 
In the UC system:' according to Dean Rudee. "because 

Accreditation is necessary if a 
person wants a profeSSional 
engineer's license. 

baSically. UCSD IS an excellent school. ' 
In all UC schools, the overwhelming Interest In 

engmeerlng has forced admiSSIOns depaltments to 
change their polICies and allow perspective students 10 
apply to several UC campuses with Engmeering 
Depanments at the same time. 

Before this, a student could only apply to one UC 
campus, and if he was not accepted , he would be 
redirected [0 a school that had space for him. It IS so 
crowded that no UC engmeerlng programs have any 
space 10 accept redirects , so all those students who 
were redirected were out of luck. 

Even though the UCSD Engineenng Depanment is 
carrying lIS maximum load , any student that meets the 
deSignated reqUirements IS accepted 

"We limit admiSSion to upper diviSion by refernng 
to a student's performance In lower diVision courses," 
said Professor Melstetn . "It's not fair to deCide 
admiSSion on high school when the more relevant 
work IS done in college." 

The EE/ CS Department has even gone as tar as to 
set a GPA threshold on aU reqUired lower diviSion 
courses. It varies for all Interdepartment diSCiplines. 
but hovers around 3.0 

The proposed engineering bUilding is still in its 
planning stage, and, acco'rding to UCSD campus 
architect Chuck Powers. work may commence as soon 
as April. 

.i.f4; »1£ =8-1
"

,.t 
(/.ja4.i41f./ ft',,'~ 
~ /cCZ;km.k .... IEAT 1HOSE HIGH UNMRSITY COPY COSTS. 
You need accurate information in a 
profeSSional settin; with 
guaranteed confidentiality . 
You'll find it at ... 

•

• FAMILY PLANNING 
ASSOCIATES 
MEDICAL GROUP 

• Fr .. preqnancy t .. ting 
• Pregnancy terminations with 

qeneral or local anesthesia 
• Birth control • Counseling 
Our..." IW'~ end I1UIM pnlCliIIoIIenI ..,.a.M. in ~ 
vldlng dIe...we. vau need 118II8fIard8bIe price. WI ICCept 
MedI-CaI, PrI¥* lnaurance, VISA, MaWcaId. IM_ 

6495 Alvarado Ad. 
till' 217·1221 

• Binding • Passport • Stationery 
• Folding Photos. . 

8855 Villa La Jolla 
Drive 

457-3775 
Near Ralph's & 
Sav-OnDrugs 

Fast .....,. 
Quality 
Service 

Open 7 
Days 



8 l-r hltltHl Ill. 1984 
NFWS . 

, ., {~~'. ~ , ..•.•• :-::-;,.. . ••• ~.»I-" . ~. ~.. .. ..... " .. x'· .:-:':-" ,'{' .... ~" .... ,.: .. ~ ,'I. ...... , 'J .... ,. .." "'. ~ .. ~,;"x.". .. • ...: .... _u:::.~~ .,~ .j..~.~::' 

Older students get 
help from RENU 
By INGRID GREENBERG 

Older students who return to UCSD 
after a long absence and find college life 
disorienting can find help through 
RENU , a new organization soon to be 
funded by the AS, specifically for the 
student who is over 24. 

Like most freshmen , I arrived before 
fall quarter beean, eager to partiCipate in 
the Welcome Week festivities. I looked 
forward to the orientation meeti ngs. tbe 
panies and sharing informau<f1 witl:l my 
peers. After the mitial Introduction. my 
roommates and I shared amu ing 
anecdotes. beginning the casual bond of 
a year-long relationship. Welcome Week 
was a success, and I felt welcomed. 

However, there IS a group of 
freshmen who generally feel disoriented, 
ahenated and confused about the 
campus. The reentry students, who 
normally do not participate in Welcome 
Week. are deprived of the invaluable 
information and peer contact. 

Most reentry students suffer bouts of 
anxlery, and struggle with insecurity 
brought on by a seemingly indifferent 
campus atmosphere . Even the Simple 
task of asking directions may bother 
Inhibited reentry students. They find It 
difficult to acclimatize themselves to the 
treatment from students, professors and 
bureaucracy after experiencing the 
responsibilities and respect of a full-time 
Job or raisil)8 a family. says Lynda Tyll . 
chairman of Re-Entry Nerwork 
Unlimited. 

To better se rYe reentry students, 
RENU, a grass rootS organization, was 
estabhshed at UCSD. TyU olTlcially 
approached the Associated Students 
(AS) in winter quarter of 1984. Because 
of a lack of communication among 
reentry students, they have only recently 
organized and evaluated their needs. 
However, Tyll believes that as much as 
10% of the UCSD student body consists 
of reentry students. 

The 34-year-old chairman believes 
that RENU is well worth the effon. She 
points out, -We are the only UC 
campus that does not have a speCial 
program for reentry students: 

Tyllioosely defines reentries as those 
who are 24 or older. "There IS no good 
prototype of a reentry student. Basically, 
we've done other things in life besides 
studying." 

Although RE U has yet to receive 
office space or a Significant amount of 
fundmg from AS, the former nurse has 
many aspirations for the group. She 
mSISts that the most important function 
of RENU is to inform reentry students 
about the campus services and ac tivi ties. 

RENU recommends the financial aid 
counseling olTered by Nancy Pin man, 
Assistant Director of Financial Aid of 
Muir. (Pittman has prepared a workshop 
for February 17, at 8 am in the Warren 
Provost's office.) Smce financial aid 
applications are geared for younger 
students who are usually dependent on 

- ---- - - -- - -- - -

- ------- ~ -- -

their parents' income, Pittman will 
explam how older and fman ially 
Independent students should approach 
the form . She will also diSCUSS grants 
and scholarships available from outside 
sources. "We I at financial aid) do realize 
that reentry students are a unique group 
and have special needs that dilTer from 
those of an 18- or 19-ycar-old student," 
added Pittman. 

Tyll stressed the importance of office 
space. and hopes RENU can someday 
offer peer counseling. "It seems that the 
younger student has someone to fall 
back on, however, the reentry student 
usually does nOt have the support of 
mom and dad or other students." 

Ideally, Tyll would like to see RENU 
acqUire a lounge where reentries can 

meet "When you are on campus It'S 
hard to know who the other reentry 
students are ." The lounge would proVide 
a central meeting area where students 
could exchange information and 
casually mingle. 

Experience or age does not prepare 
reentry students to manage the 
sometimes discouraging and confusing 
UCSD system. Just as Welcome Week 
eases the younger freshmen into the 
campus lifestyle, Tyll expects RENU to 
help orient and integrate the reentry 
students. 

"It was scary to come back to school. 
I had a lot of anXiety. However, now I 
love bdng a student. I'm used to the 
system and I think it's wonh the effort 
to have our own program: said TyD. 

Wilderness class gives 
stimulating atmosphere 
By GRAHAM DYNE 

Imagine the scene: it is the seventh 
week of winter quarter. You are walking 
peacefully in Revelle Plaza or Muir 
Quad. Suddenly, you nOtice a strange-
looking person, clad in tanered outdoor 
gear, wearing a backpack and handing 
out flyers. "Huh?" you think. "What's 
this about?" 

Surprise. This person is not a lone 
straggler from the woods, but a 
discussion leader for an upcoming 
course - Contemporary Issues 20: 
Wildemess and Human Values. 

You do not have to be a diehard 
backpacker to take the course (though it 
is all right if you are). You do not have 

to be bearded and grizzly, or eat trail 
mix for breakfast. You do have to be 
curious and concerned about the world 
around you, open to new ideas and 
have a high tolerance of fun . 

Wilderness and Human Values wiD be 
offered in spring quaner on MWF from 
4-5:20 pm. The class was formed in 
1971 by a group of students and faculry 
to provide an academic forum for 
environmental issues. Every year, 
interested students develop the lecture 
series and plan course requirements. 

The class aims to have students think 
critically about the current issues which 

p/1!,(lSC tum ro ~ 1 tl 

Attend a UC SUIDtner 
Session atCalubrid 
University ... Englall 

July B-August 18, 1984 
Next summer you can attend the eighth 
annual fulIy,accredited Ulliversiry of Cali-
fornia Summer Session at Pembroke Col, 
lege. Cambridge University. Courses 
emphasize British and European art and 
architecture. literature. history, and polit-
ical and social issues. Faculty is composed 
of outstanding lecturers at Cambridge. 

Special features of 
the Summer 
Session include: 
Residence at 6OO-year old Pembroke Col-
lege in comfortable rooms which have 
housed many generations of British 
scholars. 
Weekday meals provided in college din-
ing halls. 
Enrollment in two 4-unit courses which 
tak.e full advantage of the English location 
through field trips to related places and 
event5. 
Weekend tours to London, Stratford-on-
Avon, and other English cities for sight-
seeing and theatre. Visits to castles. 
cathedrals, stately mansions, and 
museums. 

Repreeentative commenta of atudenta 
who have attended in previoua yean: 
"ProWled a unique growing experience that 
mere wards can'l possibl, express." 
"II was definitel, the besl thing I'\Ie m.'f done 
through the u.c." 
"A massi\le acatmulation of Engli::h ailiure 
and history." 
"A greaI combination of social, ac4demic, 
and OlUural experiences. I en;o,ed myself 
immensely." 
"Cambridge offered herself to me in a most 
friendly way, in Pembroke College or in town, 
Ihrough all of the people I met, through all of 
the beautiful Oluural acti"ities offered." 
"I newr met friendlier people in m, life." 

Enrollment is limited. Open only to stu' 
dents in good standing at the University 
of California. You are ul'JC(f to act 
promptly by phoning the uc Irvine 
Summer Sessions Office or sending in the 
coupon. 

SUl1U1lel' Saliam 
Univenity of California p.o. Boll AZ 
Irvine, Ca 92716 
Phone: (714) 856-5493 

~------------------------------1 
Pleue send me additional information 
and application forma for the ua Sum, 
mer Session at Cambridge University. 

N.~ ______________________ ~ ___ 

St, ... Add, ... ____________________ ___ 

tit< ___________ zlr __________ _ 
L ______________________________ _ 

l-f bnlWY 16. 1984 9 

f1ay.u, Coach and Manager 
UCSD's Klostennann: diverse Olympian 
By CHRISTOPHER CANOLE 

Los Angeles is hosting the Olympics, 
but San Diego wiD bring home the gold, 
because one UCSD graduate knows 
what it takes to be an Olympic athlete. 
The metal market value of an Olympic 
gold metal is $200. Prospecting costs of 
our San Diego-based United Slates of 
America Mens VoUeybaO (USAMVB) 
team for the last four years of uaining 
was 52,600,000. Does this bring to mind 
images of profeSSional athletes? Meet 
Kerry Klostermann, Olympic amateur 
and professional. 

Kerry Klostermann's Olympic odyssey 
began on May 7, 1970, in his senior 
year at UCSD, as he bowed to accept 
the laurels of being UCSD's first AII-
Amertcan Athlete and the NAIA Men's 
Volleyball Most Valuable Player.,in the 
Nation honors. 

After graduation Klostermann 
ventured to the Universiry of Western 
Ontario in Canada, seeking a PhD in in 
Psychology. ·1 was accepted on a 
teaching-research aSSistantship, but I 
had to become an immigrant to receive 
the position," said Klostermann. "In 
1974 1 was invited to try out for the 
Canadian National Volleyball team. 
When I made me ftnal cm I had to 
become a Canadian cilizen to compete 
in the 1976 Olympics. The US 
government required me to relinquish 
my UC citizenship to panicipate ." This 
was not to be Klostermann's last lesson 
in the world of politiCS versus amateur 
spons. 

"I had to put my degree on hold for 
two years to train for the 76 Canadian 
Olympic Games." Klostermann began to 
realize that the time and dedication 
required of an OlympiC amateur today 
had lessened the interval of proficiency 
between the amateur and professional. 
VolleybaU is one of the Olympic sports 
requiring a national team to win an 
Olympic-sanctioned tournament (0 
qualify for the games. The competition 
is no less than you would expect in the 
Olympics themselves, and demands 
years on the road to become one of the 
ten nations to walk in the opening 
ceremonies. 

"Participating in the opening 
ceremonies of the Olympic Games is the 

kind of peak experience you dream 
about as a kiJ ," reflected Klosterman. 
"The OlympiCS are the pinnacle of 
amateur sports. I am nOt physicaUy large 
enough to be a profeSSional athlete In a 
sport like basketball. The OlympiCS gave 
me the chance to test my personal 
limits." 

By definition, an amateur is one who 
loves his labors, and a professional is 
one " .. ho sees his labors as his 
occupational calling. In the summer of 
1977, Klostermann was given the 
opportunity to combine his amateur 
spirit with his growing profesSional 
conunitment to developing the sport of 
voileybaU. BiD NeviUe, USAMVB assistant 
coach and 1976 head coach for Ihe 
Canadian men's Olympic team, offered 
Klostermann an assistant coaching 
position with the Canadian Junior 
National Team. Then, in 1978, 
Klostermann was invited to be an 
assistant coach for the USAMVB. "I once 
again became an immigrant, now to my 
own couhtry of birth." 

Klostermann moved to Dayron, Ohio, 
3ite of the United Slates' first full-time 
Olympic Volleyball training camp. The 
goal of the "new program was to quaftfy 
for the 1980 Moscow Games. But for the 
second time, Klostermann had to deal 
with the US government's intervention 
into the aspirations of Olympic athletes, 
when the US boycotted the Moscow 
Games. 

"For the public there is a dormancy 
betwren each OlympiC Games," said 
Klostermann. "For the people involved 
in an Olympic qualifying spo" like 
volleyball the time between games is 
cyclic. In 1981 there was not the 
immediacy of an OlympiC year, which 
lessens the public's attention and 
financial suppon." 

When the men's Olympic volleyball 
team moved its training camp to San 
Dietp, Klostermann took on the 
manager's responsibility of raising the 
funds to suppon its Olympic elTon. 
Initial support for the San Diego 
Training Center came from Donald 
Sammis. His contributions and hiS 
involvement in business and the 

p/cu..: turn /11 pugc 1/ 

Do it in Comfort! 

With earphones to listen to your favOrite music. 
nitrous oxide to relax. and a 10% discount with your 
UCSD I.D. carei. University Towne Dental Group will 

help brighten your smile tor the new year in comfort. 

UDlftrs1ty Towne Dental Group 
University Towne Centre 
4525 La Jolla Village Dr. 

453·2070 

"My Olympic caRer has been an evolutIOn oj working with people to achieve their goals. " 

SCARPIAS' 
Restaurant 
by popular demand 

UCSD Happy Hour has been extended 
- during February from 11 am to 7 pm every day --

Draft Beer - 75¢ 
48 oz. pitcher - $2.90 

Well Drinks 
Mixed Well -

$1.00 
$1.25 

64 oz. pitcher - $4.00 Margarita - $1.50 
~------.free hors d'oeuvres-----------....J 

Also fearuring daily luncheon specials - $3.95 
and dinner specials - $5.95 

(west side of the La Jolla Village MaU) 
8657 Villa LaJoila Dr., Ste. 213, La Jolla 455-1054 



10 Febl'\lary J 6, J 984 . 
WORIS 

Take on UCSD crew and lose your shirt 
By BRITA OLSEN 

Imagine liftmg a 50-pound weight 
350 times in six minutes. Now imagine 
doing this while balancing on a tight 
rope . According to UCSD crew coach 
John Lawson, these analogies are the 
best ones he has found [0 describe the 
spon of crew. "It's a spon of great 
strength, endurance, flexibility and 
diSCipline." Who else would train at 
5:30 in the morning six days a week? 

Looking at the shells sleekly gliding 
over Mission Bay. where the UCSD crew 
team trains. observing the oars stroke 
the water harmoniously, it 's hard [0 
believe that this seemingly effonless 
spon is as difficult as it is. 

Crew seems to have the image of 
being a spOrt requiring brute force , but 
in actuality, mastering the proper 
technique is the most imponam factor. 

Excellence is required of all rowers in 
every race. If one person is slightly off 
in his stroke, the shell will lurch off 
balance and valuable time will be lost. It 
is for this reason that crew superstars 
do not stand out as in Other spons, but 
rather they blend in. 

Unlike Other intercollegiate spons, 
there are no divisions in crew, and the 
56-member UCSD men's crew team 

fares very well against the larger schools 
with greater crew budgets. 

Half of the UCSD crew team consists 
of freshman and novices. This is nOl: as 
unusual as it sounds, since :nost high 
schools do nOl: have crew teams and 
many people try the spon to see what it 
is like and drop it after they find out. 
The freshmen and novices compete in 
separate races from the varsity teams 
until they can make rowing a "motor 
skill" rather than a conscIOus effon. 

Coach Lawson has tWO coaching 
assistants - Jamie Berstein and Anne 
Schermer - who are specifically 
assigned to train these Inexperienced 
rowers, and they do a good job Last 
year in Western Sprints, a regatta which 
IS generally thought of as the 
southwestern regIOnal championships, 
the freshman four man boat finished 
founh. Despite the name of thiS regana, 
the races were the standard 2,000 meter 
distance. Unlike in other SPOrtS, there 
are no separate distance categories in 
crew. 

Intercollegiate vars ity crew IS broken 
down IOto two weight categories. the 
heavyweights and the lightweights. In 
International competition, however, 
these distinct categories do nor eXIst. 
There is only one open division. 

UCSD crew members In Mission Bay exhlbillng Slrength, endurance, jlexibility and diSCipline. 

UCSD is noted for the depth that it 
has In Its lightweight teams. Lawson 
attributes this to the fJct that UCSD 
does not have a football team and 
because of this, the male students here 
in general are smaller than those at most 
Other schools. The 160-pound cutoff 
weight 15 no problem for most UCSD 
students. At the We tern SprintS last 

pkasc turn to p<lge J J 

This Survey Is Worth One FREE Classified! 
And it's 500000 Easy! 

Just fill out and return to the Guardian We're located southeast oj the Revelle 
Provost Offi ce and nexc 10 che Che Cafe. 

1. How often do you read the Guardian? 0 always 
o sometimes 0 never 

2. How do you rate the Guardian? 0 very good 
o fair 0 ok 0 not-so-good 

3. Do you take advantage oj the advertiSing coupons? 
o always 0 sometimes 0 never 

4. Which coupons do you use most? 0 food 0 hair 
o entertainment 0 clothing 0 services _____ _ 

5. Which coupons or ads would you like to see more of 
o Jood 0 hair 0 clothing 0 entertainment 
o services (please list) __________ _ 

6. Do you live 0 off campus or 0 on campus? 
7. Do you commute by 0 bus, 0 personal car, 0 carpool, 

o bike, or 0 walk? 
8. Which area is more convenient Jar you to shop? 

o downtown La Jolla, 0 Claire mont, 0 Mira Mesa 
o Del Mar, 0 Immediate UCSD area. 

9. What kinds oj services do you need most that you 
call 't find (or don 't want to use) on campus? 
o food, 0 hair, 0 clothing, 0 entertainment, 
o services (please list) __________ _ 

10. How much do you normally spend on lunch? 
11 . How much do you normally spend on a haircut? 

12. Are you 0 student, 0 staff or 0 faculty? 
13. Are you enrol/ed/ employed 0 full time orO part time? 

Thanh you Jor your cooperation. 

TRITON 
VOLLEYBALL 

THIS WEEK AND NEXT 
Against Nationally Ranked Opponents 

-at the 
TRITON PA VlUON 

UCSD Main Gymnasium 

Crew goes shirt collecting 
conlinw:a )rom pug€ /0 
season , the varSity lightweight eight-man 
boat finished third while the four-man 
boat finished an impressive second. 

Because of the lack of large students 
interested in crew at UCSD, the team 
does nOt have a varsity heavyweight 
four-man boat. It only has an eight-man 
boal Last year this team finished fourth 
in the Western Sprints approximately 
six teet behind the SDSU team which 
shares the Mission Bay AquatiC Center 
facililles with USD and UCSD. Because 
of their common home bay, the 
competition between these three teams 
IS fierce, each waming to be the best in 
the bay. 

ThiS year the UCSD heavyweight 
team enteltains high hopes of beating 
the SDSU team. Last year, three-quarters 
of the heavyweight boat were novices, 
while this year only one person is 
mexperienced . Although this difference 
is a major factor, the most important 
difference between the '8] and '84 
teams lie in the eqUipment Up until 
this year, the heavyweight team was 
using a boat that was quite old , and 
because of this, was not very responsive . 

Klostennann 
continued from page 9 
community led the volleyball project 
through its early stages. 

"The athletes are already giving a lot . 
They do not get much recognition, 
except once every four years: said 
Klostennann. "We need to provide some 
small perks to help them stay alive as 
contenders, to make up for their 
sacrifices. The only way to do this is 
through benefits provided by corporate 
businesses. The local business 
community provides jobs for thineen of 
our fourteen team members." The 
Olympic Job Opponunity Program has 
made full-time training feasible. Under 
the OJOP, athletes are employed in 
career-oriented jobs that provide a 
minimum base-time salary. Players train 
in the mornings and work in the 
afternoons. Additionany, they are 
allowed tike away from San Diego to 
compete in intemationaltoumaments 
and tours . 

The training tours Klostermann 
schedules also help raise funds lOr the 
team. "After President Reagan's actions 
in Grenada, the Cuban team decided to 
cancel a United States tour with our 
men's team," Klostermann noted. "That 
decision by Reagan and the Cubans COSt 
the team $60,000 in revenues." Once 
again, US policies hindered the Olympic 
effort. If this seems too harsh a 
criticism. remember that the US 

But thanks to the efforts of heavyweight 
captain Eric Saltmarsh, this year the 
UCSD heavyweight team now has a new 
synthetic shell. Acting as spokesman for 
the team, Saltmarsh collected $10,000 
from the school and from various 
individuals to pay for the new shell 
which was shipped in January from 
Connecticut, where It was manufactured. 
"This may seem like quite a bit of 
money." Saltmarsh explained, "but a 
shell has a twelve to twenty year liIe 
expectancy," and because the design of 
the shell hasn't changed much since 
19]0, this new purchase does nO! seem 
to be In danger 01 becommg obsolete. 

Currently, the crew team is training 
hard lor the first of the eight regattas 
that it plans to compete in thiS spri ng. 
The highlight of the season th is year 
wlll be the Western Championships 
where the UCSD crew team has visions 
of doing wen. 

An old tradition in the history of crew 
is tht the losing team gives the winning 
team its racing shins . This year, UCSD's 
crew team plans to rip the shirts off the 
competition's backs. 

Olympic Committee provides only 
$157,000 of the USAMVB's $650,000 
yearly operating budget. 

"It has been an evolution for me from 
being an Olympic member to manager. 
When I was a player and a coach I 
traveled seven months a year," said 
Klostennann. "Now I am responSible for 
educating people that our operation 
should be seen as a professional 
franchise . We strive to be a professional 
organization, not profesSional athletes." 

When the USA men's volleyball team 
marches onto the floor of the Long 
Beach Convention Center for the XXlll 
Olympiad, the results of the San Diego 
Training Center will mark the first 
appearance of the team in the Olympics 
since 1968. The Summer Games in Los 
Angeles will also be the first time that 
the USA is being considered a strong 
contender for an Olympic medal in 
men's volleyball. The United SCates is 
presently ranked second 10 the world 
behind the Soviets. and ahead of Cuba, 
Japan, Brazil and Poland. 

Our country may once again 
experience the thrill of Lake Placid as 
our men's volleybaU team meets the 
Soviets in the finals for the gold, and 
rekindles the pride UCSD students fclt 
back in 1970 when Kerry Klostermann 
led our team to victory. 

~M~==~7~~====~=~=ze=n~==~~ 
S'o9url Jlliair yogurt creations ({ 

laDY parCha~f ~~oo or Blon I 
• We .Iao honor all 

o_per 
cuatolBer 

1030 Torrey Pine. Rd. 
.t Herachel 

La Jolla 

Now Ope.l 
1774 G.rnet A"e. 

P.cific Plaza 

1011 Camino Del Mar, Suire 108, ~I Mar / ... 1-6739 
Now Offers 

• Complete Skin Care & MakeUp Techniques 
• Manicures, Pedicures & Sculptured Nails 

Classes available. 

Hair Design SpeCial 
Women's Style $17 

Men's Style $14 
(ltr t lime only - Tim) 

IJCAIII nISI CL.US to ........ SUIt of 
MAlATLAN 

PMbSC 1ncIuda: _.,~ .JIll' 
• Tr8I1IPOftBIIon to & t'IOm njuene AIrport ;.t .,...",,~ 
a ~trtp air tralilportation ¥Ie Aerorneclco ~ fir q. ... 
• ~~.AkportIHotd ';.~c.~tPAq.· 
• Mota ecxornocIIIIIon In MIZatten for 5 oIghts ,,~~:.. ~ 

at: Tk ..... 1IIy HotII .... budI ~~ 0". 
• Double OCQII)InCf:'" ",. 
• Triple 0CXI1I)InCf: ... 

a ...... ca ........ ., ............. 
D_cn.y ... uca ; J 

...... • .. ,I.te., ... &, Jduca 
bIodc of _ III _ . ., M .. " bat 
.................... 

·Go wI1III 1M ..... 0CIl'I bll' a.1Ied --_ .. 
... ,-~- (·····)1 

''11m .... In .... ,. .... bat ...... ~. ,.. ,~ 
,- .. :.l-. - : - , 1 I :...J~' ..... '. - -' .." 
l"- ~ .-,.',' J I - 'f 

• ~ ~ J I 

TEAM OF THE WEEK 
HAOLE BOYS 

(Left to TOIl: Mike FIee_. How ..... Noack. Bill 
Bartlett. Eric No ...... Shart C ...... Luzlo Gyorffy. Job 
DiFiore. Bottom: To.' RGAi. Atiolf. St .. V .. G .... l.atlwt. 
St.veM ......... 
The Haole Boys are Hawaiian FootbaB nalurals. They are a hybrid of last Fall's AM Football 

Champions, Plain Wrap Pr~lactics, and AA Football also-rans Lewd Sexual Conduct. Both teams 
stretched UCSD I.M. football rules tolhe extreme: lots of laterals, multiple forward passes behind lhe 
hne 01 scrimmage, and crosa·the·field passes. No "Ihree yards and a cloud 01 dusl" lor lheseguys. So, 
with lhe Ultimate Frisbee·slyle rules of Hawaiian Football and the haole Boys' wide open brand of 
play, it's obvious we have a football marriage made In intramural heaven. But in a freak game like 
Hawaiian freak ttvngs will happen. Mer four giIITle5, the Boys are trying to figure out why their record 
is 2·2. In Hawaiian Football, WIth point totals normally reserved for basketball garnes, it's usually "last 
team with the ball wins". This was certainly the case in their 66-62 defeat at the hands of Street Car 
Named Denial last Friday. Their ott- loss came in their opener against the TKE's .. a 55 to 54 
heartbreaker. But tough losses build character, ri~? And with a team already filled with characters 
these losses are, in lhe words 01 Laszlo Gyorffy, "no problem". It's hard to find fault with that attitude-
look for the Haole Boys to be there when Hula Bowl time rolls around. 

TEAM OF THE WEEK 
SPONSORED BY mE MIU.ER BREWING CXlMP\I\NV 



12 Febn,Qry 16, 198-1 
~P()R h , . 

Triton team· is sidetracked at see 
By MIKE GREENBERG 
COSTA MESA - On Tuesday night a 
baskemaD game was played with all the 
thrills and chills that any spons fan would 
eat up, There was superb outside shooting, 
extremely physical inside play, a 
breathtaking comback and a controversial 
basket With the contest hanging in the 
balance. Yet this melodrama was decided 
from the free throw line where Division-
leading Southern California College 
capitalized on its opportunities to defeat 
UCSD in a thriller before 400 partisan fans 
in Orange County, 77-74. 

The Tritons spent most of the seCQnd 
half trying to overcome a 17 point 
halftime deficit, Led by forward Mark 
Barreca, who played his finest game of 
the year, and guard Greg Kamansky, 
UCSD cut the Vanguard lead to one on 
three separate occasions down the 
stretch, the first coming with 3:41 to 
play. 

Kamansky, who should be nicknamed 
Pa Bell, since long distance is the next 
beSt thing to being there, rebounded an 
sec miss, weaved his way to midcourt 
before finding Steve Aint open on the 
left side of the key. The Triton forward's 
15 foot-rainbow found nothing but net 
and the Vanguard lead was down to 
one, 67-66. 

sec did not win 18 games by folding 
under pressure, so when guard Sherwin 
Durham answered Flint's jumper with a 
tough 17-footer over Randy Bennen, the 
advantage was back to three. UCSD 
then went to Barreca in the paint, and 
two of his second half eighteen points 
brought the Tritons within one again , 
69-68 with 2:45 left. But Durham, who 
led the Vanguards With 18 points, 
countered one more time with a clutch 
14-footer from the right side of the foul 
hne which brought a thunderous 
ovation from the crowd. 1:57 remained 
after Barreca took a Brandon Nixon lob 
and knifed between twO defenders to 
score. 

Trallmg 71-70, the Tmons needed a 
good defensive possession if they were 
gOing to have the opponunity to take 
the lead . That chance never came 
because SCC forward Lm y Hirst plowed 
mto center Mike Dabasmskas as his SIX-
foorer caromed 01T the glass. UCSD 
screamed for the apparem offenS ive 
fo ul, but the olTtclals, who were 
mconSls tem all night long (twO or three 

make up calls), blew a silent whistle. 
Instead of the TritOns having a shOl at 
the lead and first place in the Southern 
Division, the Vanguards were up by 3 
with 1:30 to go, A UCSD turnover and 
four sec free throws iced the contest 
and left the Tritons two behind SCC 
and a game behind Point Loma and Cal 
Baptist with three games remaining. 

"That call was so obvious: said 
Dabasinskas afterwards. "He lowered his 
shoulder into me. I was standing staring 
straight up and he rallll1led into me: 
Head coach Tom MarShall also 
indicated that he thought the contact 
was initiated by Hirst, but did not blame 
the olTicials for the loss, instead , 
MarshaD cited a lackadaisical first half, a 
half in which UCSD shot only 43%, as 
the key to the Tritons' defeat. "We came 
out flat tonight: said MarshaD. "I 
expected us to be reaDy ' fired up. The 
guys knew the importance of this 
ballgame, but they came out sluggish: 

Actually, UCSD played pretty well in 
the first stanza, that is, the first four 
minutes, The score stood 8-8 and most 
onlookers could nOl have anticipated 
what was going to foUow. The 
Vanguards, capitalizing on a UCSD 
defense that did not bother to fight 
through screens, scored the next 12 
points to take a lead they would never 
relinquish . The margin ballooned to 18, 
at 32-14, before the Tritons made a 
semi-rally to cut the advantage to 10, 
two minutes before intennission. But a 
few defensive lapses and mental 
mistakes cost UCSD any chance of 
victory, as a deficit of 10 points is much 
easier to make up than one of 17. That 
was the margin at halftime, 46-29, and 
MarshaU had his work CUt OUt for him. 

Although UCSD caused SCC to 
commit four turnove:-.; at the outset of 
the second half, the Truons did nor 
break the lO-poim barrier until 13 
minutes remained in the contest. At that 
pOint, UCSD turned m its prettiest play 
of the night. Flint rebounded an errant 
SCC shor and outlened to Kamansky, 
who, with the precision of an Isaiah 
Thomas, fed a slicmg Barreca for a 
picture-perfect fast break. No dribbling, 
JUSt great executIon, and the Vanguard 
lead was only seven. Kamansky then 
arched two long jumpers that brought 
UCSD even closer, 59-56, The teams 

Contiki's Europe 
Fun and excitement for the 18-35' s. 

Thinking of going to 
Europe? 

From 539200 
(Land Only) 

Discover the (t:tlNnIU) way of 
seeing more and doing more. 

February 23 at 7:30 pm in the Student Center 
Multi-Purpose P.oom (above the game room). 

Please R.s.v.P, to Lourie at 
452-1961 

by Wednesday. February 22. 
Film will be shown and Refreshments Served, 

----l1©fAfArn:W ~rn:~~ TRAVEL--..., 
3211 HOLIDAY COURT, SUITE 105 • LA JOLLA, CA 92037 • (6191452-1981 

then proceeded to trade baskets with 
Barreca and Kamansky retaliating for the 
Tritons. BOIh players were commended 
by each head coach. 

"Barreca was just too tough inside for 
us: said SCC coach Bill Reynolds. "And 
Kamansky, what a player. He is really 
going to be something," Barreca finished 
the evening with 24 points on 12 of 15 
from the field with a game high LJ 
rebounds - both season highs for the 
Triton power forward . "I think Mark 
played an outstanding game for us," said 

UCSD'~ coach. "He did everything we 
asked of him and hit a lot of tough 
shots inside. He was exceptional." As for 
Kamansky, the Tnton 01T guard hit six 
baskets in the final 20 minutes, and 
each one was critical for UCSD. One 
would think that such pressure shots 
would bother the freshman, but MarshaD 
says that Kamansky looks for the ball 
when the Tritons need a hoop. "He calls 
for the ball, which is unusual for a 
rookie, but we don't look at him that 
way anymore ," says Marshan. "He has 
the confidence and we have the 
confidence in him that he will make 
those shots ... and you know something, 
he usuaDy does," 

As the crowd filed out of seC's 
gymnasium, Kamansky sat quietly taking 
the loss very hard. "I wanted to win so 
badly. I know the team did. We should 
have won," said the UCSD guard, who 
finished the night with 19 points. 
"Damn, this loss kills us." Probably what 
mYSlified Kamansky and the rest of the 
Trirvns was their inability to fight 
through the Vanguard double screen 
offense, which they worked to 
perfection in the first half. In the final 
stanza , UCSD did manage to play 
aggressive , intimidating ~efense and get 
through those picks, but by then they 
traIled by 17 and even their dynamic 
comeback would fall a tad shon. "Why 
we didn't get through Ithe screens that 
freed SCC's outside shooters for wide 
open jumpers] I don't know," said 
Kamansky. -Nobody was talkIng out 
there. We didn't help each other out" 
As to why the Tritons seemed flat for 
the third game in a row in the first half, 
Kamansky could not find the answer, 
although he seemed frustrated by the 
problem. "We've been flat in the last 

couple of games lin the first half] . We 
come out lackadaisical and play weD in 
the second half. We have been playing 
inferior teams IAzusa Pacific and LA 
Baptist], but you can't playa good team 
l5Cq and expect to win if you only 
play one half, I guess tonight it finaDy 
caught up with us," 

One of the sweetest plays of the night 
was made by UCSD's freshman, who 
can only get better with more 
experience. Taking the ball on the right 
baseline while being doubled-teamed, 
Kamansky pump-faked one defender in 
the air, before falling back with a 
dilTicuit I B-fOOler. It appeared that he 
was fouled as Sherwin Durham rammed 
into him and the waD underneath the 
Vanguard basket, but no caD was made. 
No matter. The ball was already through 
the net and the score was 67-64, On the 
next sec possession, Kamansky skied 
for the rebound and fed Flint for the 
basket that brought UCSD to within one 
for the firS{ time. 

TRITON HOOP-LUI: Steve Flint 
contributed 16 points Jor the Tritons along 
with eight rebounds, bw the District's 
leading free throw shooter did not go to the 
charity Slripe for the first time this season. 
In fact , UCSD visikd the line onlY Jour 
times, malring 2-8 whilt Sowhern Cal 
CoIkge capilaliled on 11 of 1 7 
opportunities ... The Tritons shot 61'K. in the 
second half and 54'K. Jor the game, bw it 
was UCSD's woeful outside shooting in the 
first half (43%) that was the team 's 
downfall... Randy Benneu played weU 
Tuesday, making IWO tough driving Iayups 
and ~iSling on numerous Kamanshy and 
Barreca scores ... Mille Dabasinskas, coming 
off thret: tremendous effoltS, was in Joul 
trouble early and ~s not a factor ... UCSD 
has beaten sec onlY once in the laS! three 
years, and has not won at sec in foUt' 
years ... Kumanshy said aJterwards thai 
Marshall did not Ie U his team to fighl 
through the screens unlil halftime, which of 
course was after sec buill up a 1 7 -poinl 
lead. But the Triton coach outperformed his 
more experit'nced counterpart (SeC skipper 
Bill Reynolds) with some nifty side/inc 
strategy near the game 's conclusion. 
Utilizing his lime-oUlS /0 perfection, 
MarshaU had his team rested Jor the three 
or four spurts they nceded to get lxu:h in 
lhe LOnlest... 

You/ve always thought you could do a 
better job, and ... 

Now it's your turn! 
The Guardian is looking for yet another 

features/perspectives editor. Submit 
your own application which includes 
previous experience, an idea of how 
much time you can spare and a brief 
description of yourself and what your 
features section would be like. 

Application. da. by noon Tueaclay. 
February 21, at the Guardian office. 

Addreu them to: 
The Guardian 
UCSD,B-016 

La Jolla. CA 92093 
re: feature. applicant 

. ... ~ 

February 16, 1984 13 
WOR r" 

Baseball metamorphosis equals hope 
By MIKE GREENBERG 

The sun is now setting over Olsen 
Field, the briltht orange glow casting 
shadows on the right siae of the 
diamond. The basebaD team is stiD 
practicing, preparing for Saturday's 
home doubleheader against woeful Cal 
Tech, A year ago, the UCSD team would 
have already showered and been 
heading home, but this club, which 
spons six freshman starters, has. an 
enthusiasric attitude that is most 
refreshing. 

Afterwards, Lyle Yates, the team's 
youthful head coach, is talking, not 
lecturing, to his club about the 

importanc~ of a positive anitude. And, 
for the 61'S( time since Yates appeared 
on the scene three years ago, the players 
really seem to be listening and applying 
what their coach has told them, 

Conversing with some of the older 
athletes, one can tell that the spirit of 
this club is not just made up of baby-
faced 18-year-olds, but also of seasoned 
veterans. Eric Reynolds, one of the 
Tritons' best starting pitchers, is not shy 
to express his feeling; on the subject. 
"We have one outstanding feature, and 
that's our attitude," says Reynolds, who 
last Saturday stymied Redlands with a 
three-hit complete-game shutout. ·We aD 
feel that for the first time, we're going to 
win." 

Junior Don Petersen shares the same 
sentiments as Reynolds, probably 

because he has seen UCSD teams in the 
. past display the charisma and spunk of 
Laverne and Shirley reruns. ·It is nice to 
see everyone working hard and giving 
100%." said Petersen, who, for the last 
twO years was the club's starting 
shortstop. "I think it has to do with all 
the freshmen we have here . The youth 
in a 10l of ways IS good. We played 
lousy last year and the young people 
don't know that feeling of losing," 

Both players stated that a .500 season 
is an attainable goal. although 
realisticaDy, a 20-win season would be 
an enormous accomplishment, sincl' 
only 14 of UCSD's 54 contests will come 

again~t teams at their own level -
Divtsion Ill. Yet Petersen seems to feel 
thllt 27 vIctories is not out of reach . "I'll 
be disappointed if we don't play .500," 
says Petersen, whose five errors m hiS 
first four games forced Yates to move 
the Tritons' 11)0st productive RBI man to 
left field . "I think we have the players 
who want to win. I'm tired of losing. It's 
getting pretty repetitive and boring." 

Although low-key by nature, even 
Yates seems to talk about his club with 
the same enthusiasm Ronald Reagan 
employs when speaking about America's 
economic recovery, "This year the team's 
chemistry is the best since I've been 
here," says Yates, who, at 29, is one of 
the youngest collegiate coaches around. 
"We have the potential to win at least 
20 games, especially with the way 
everyone is working so hard. But we are 
young, so that is why I have a guarded, 
yet optimistic outlook thtS year. But I 
have to admit that I'm pleased to see 
the guys so excited." 

The most striking feature of this ytar's 
men's baseball team is its yowhful 
appearunCt:, S~ Jreshman starters epitomize 
the charuc/tr oj this Triton club - one oj 
enthusiasm and inexperience. Here is a 
preview, position by position, of whal you 
wiD liMlY be suingjrom UCSD's youngest 
leam ever: 
CATCHER - When aU-leaguer Mike 
Brown graduated last year, head coach 
Lyle Yates was in the precarious 
position of having to find someone to 
replace the Tritons' best catcher ever. 
He didn't find one - he found two. 
Freshmen Derek A1konis (5-10, 183) 
and Bob Natal (5-10, 195) are both 
superb behind the plate. When one is 
catching, the Olher StartS in right field . 
Both possess home run power, and will 
be key figures in UCSD's progress this 

~ a,~ ____________ ~~=: ______ ~ __ ~.=-______ __ 

~ I'IICN ( ) 
!IcIIocI "1!!ndIr9 

season, A1konis wiD probably be starting 
behind the plate more often than Natal 
because he has a slightly better ann. But 
Natal is swifter in the field, so UCSD 
actuaUy doesn't lose anything when the 
twO are in the game together. In fact, 
Natal's cannon should make opposing 
runners think twice before taking the 

the club's philosophy of giving 150%. 
But Rosness was not the starting first 
baseman entering the season. That job 
was held by last year's starter, Joe Wolf. 
The transfer from UCLA has enonnous 
talent , but nagging injuries have caused 
him to lose his timing. His SWeet stroke 
was a factor in the Tritons' late season 

Tritons and Stags in a brawl 
The second game of Tuesday's doubleheader between UCSD and Claremont 

Mudd came to a halt in the seventh inning as a result of a bench-clearing brawl. 
After Claremont Mudd shut out UCSD 6-0 in the first game (UCSD committed 
six errors, including four by third baseman Dan DiMascio), the Tritons came 
back to pound the Stags for 12 runs in the nightcap when the rhubarb ensued, 

UCSD was ahead 11-1 with no one OUt in the top of the seventh, when 
Claudio Biazevich homered. The next bauer, little Chris Stavros (one of the three 
Triton "smurfs") had to eat some dirt when a Stag pitcher intentionaUy threw at 
him. The home plate umpire failed to warn the pitcher, which infuriated the 
UCSD team, and after Stavros reached first base safely, he stole second. The 
second base umpire told Stavros that the steal was a "bush league thing to do." 
An argument foUowed, and Stavros was tossed out of the game, UCSD head 
coach Lyle Yates inserted Randy Jones into the game as the pinch runner for 
Stavros, and after some aggressive blulTmg off the second base bag, Jones was 
jumped on by the Stags' second baseman and shonstop. Soon, five Claremont 
Mudd players were on Jones and both benches emptied. Two of the Claremont 
Mudd coaches made a beeline for UCSD's third base coach Charlie Cox. They 
had to be restrained by other coaches and players. After ten minutes or so, order 
was restored and fortunately, no injuries resulted from the skirmish. 

The Stags wiD play UCSD again when they visi t Olsen Field for a 
doubleheader on February 25th . 

extra base. Since both A1konis and Natal 
are freshmen, Yates will have the good 
fortune of tutoring them for many 
seasons to come, an opportunity the 
Triton coach relishes. "They both are 
outstanding athletes, and wiU contribute 
to the program for many years," says 
Yates. Acquiring Natal and Alkonis IS 
Yates' finest recruiting accomplishment 
in his brief tenure at UCSD. They bat 
second and fourth in the order. 
FIRST BASE - One of the toughest 
opponents in the NAJA for the men's 
basketbaD team has been Westmont. As 
of late, they have prospered in baseball 
as well. But the Warriors' coaching stalT 
is bound to shudder every time they 
face Triton blue and gold because of the 
transferring of their starting first 
baseman, junior John Rosness (6-1, 170) 
to UCSD. "He is a good technician 
around the bag and a fine line drive 
hitter: says Yates. Rosness has the 
reputation of being a clutch hitter and a 
very hard worker, and fits nicely into 

nurry, and Yates and Co. will surely 
miss him in the order. If the injuries 
mend and Wolf can regain his timing, 
then Wolf will probably return to the 
starting lineup. 
SECOND BASE - It is a rarity that an 
athlete will tum down a fuD scholarship 
at a Division I school in order to attend 
an institution that only offers academics 
as its main attraction, but junior John 
Hickman (5-10, 170) did exactly that 
when he spumed a free ride at Texas 
Tech to play for Yates at UCSD. Labeled 
as one of the best hitters on the club, 
Hickman will probably be ignored in the 
field , although defense is nO{ one of his 
shortcomings. He can tum the c\ouble 
playas well as anybody. Couple that 
with the fact that he i~ firmly 
entrenched in the number three slot in 
the order, and one can surmise as 10 
the importance of the junior college 
transfer who hit .391 IaSl year. 
THIRD BASE - He wiU surely be 

plt:ase rum 10 page H 

f-'SOFT CONTACT LENSES-" 
: • 89 ~~~~ar Soft '159 ~~~ W~ar So~ 
I reg. $169 & up 10 2 - T Lenses) reg. $]00 & up IBausch & Lomb) 
: Complete Includes: Eye Exam, Fitting, Fallow-up Visits. Care-Kit 
I "_',. not the Iowat. ... UI who lsI 0fI'wr gaoc:t wilt! this c:aupon tnrough 3/1/84. I~~~~~~~~~------~----~~~~~---
I Dr. Slawn Ciroanwn O;AOllleIr) 481-2277 
I 243 No. Hwy, 101 (The Boardwalk) rues-Sat 11-6 
I Su;t~ 8. Solana Beach CLOSED MONDAY ~---------------------------------~ 

Davis 
CA~SIIOP 

7720 Fay Ave. La Jolla 

Photo 
Supplies 

UCSD Purchase 
Orders Accepted 

Large Selection of 
Darkroom Equipment 

and Supplies 

459-7355 



Baseball outlook 
conllnu~d from page 13 
counted on this season , but more so out 
of the bullpen than at the hot comer. 
Freshman Dan DiMascio (6-1 , 185) has 
a tremendous arm that will be utilized 
in pressure situations as a shon reliever. 
"He has the best arm at third base since 
I've been here ," says Yates. "He should 
contribute 10 this club in more ways 
than one ." DiMascio has occasional 
power, but when he makes contact, he 
usuaUy hits the baD very hard. 

SHORTSTOP - It seemed that junior 
Don Petersen had the poSition secured 
before the season opened, but things 
have not gone smoothly for Petersen, 
who hit .299 last year while reducing 
his error total from 26 in his freshman 
season to IS last year. After commitnng 
five errors in his first four games, 
Petersen was replaced with freshman 
Klaudio Biazevich (5-11 , 160). Petersen 
accepted the demotion (0 left field 
stating that the problem is strictly 
mental and that he "will be back soon at 
short." Apparently, the dilemma is not 
that uncommon. Los Angeles Dodger 
second baseman Steve Sax suffered 
through a disastrous period in which he 
cummined 25 errors by the All-Star 
break. Sax's problem was diagnosed as 

Pro"" TERADYNE 
A YeryL.rge Lie 1""'t.1itm 

fro". II TeeIJaology LellIIer 
In electroniCS, the era Of very large scale integration (VLS/) bas 

arrived, leaving many companies witb products suddenly obsolete 
and engineering staffs struggling to catcb up. 

But not Teradyl,e. Thanks to 162 million spent on R&D in 
1980-/982, Teradyne was ready and wailing.for VLS/. 

Ready witb VLS/ memory testers, logic testers. analog testers, 
board testers. 

Ready in 80S ton, Ma. and Woodland Hills. Calif., where 
Terady ne develops ATE for the electronics industry. 

Ready in Deerfield. Illinois. center f or Teradyne's telephone 
system testing operations. 

Ready in Nashua. New Hampshire. where Terady ne produces 
backplane connection systems and state-of-the-art circuit board 
technology designed to meet VLSI packaging requirements. 

Tbis kind Of technology leadership spells growth. Excitement. 
Cballenge. Career opportunities 
you just can 't find anywhere else. WE 

Teradyne. A company 
ahead Of its time. , MEASURE looking for some good '. 
people to keep it ahead. 

For more information. see 
your Placement Counselor. UP. 

simply "a mental block of throwing the 
ball 10 first base." It took quite a while , 
but Sax finaDy overcame the problem 
and played well the rest of the season. 
But for now, Biazevich has displayed his 
sure handedness and Yares will keep the 
players where they are. 
LEFT FIELD - Petersen, UCSD's most 
consistent RBI man, relinquishing his 
usual position at shortstop, will be in 
left field. He has a strong arm and a 
great attitude. He probably wiD see the 
most action in left field unless Biazevich 
makes some costly errors. But Petersen 
is vital 10 UCSD's offense, as he will hit 
third or fifth all season long. "When an 
athlete goes through the early problems 
that Don has gone through you jUst 
have to be patient," says Yates. "But he 
is a team 'playe~ and hasn 't let the errors 
affect his hitting." 
CENTER FIELD - One of the three 
· smurfs· on the team. freshman Chris 
Stavros uses his quickness 10 be the 
team's best defensive outfielder. In the 
club's first eighl games, Stavros has been 
seen tracking down numerous fly balls 
In Olsen FIeld's spacious backyard. He 
will bat ninth so that Yates wiD have 
speed al the (Op and bottom parts of 
the order. but it is his ability to cover 
more real estate than Century 21 that 
makes Stavros so valuable 10 UCSD. 
RIGHT FIELD - Alkoms and Natal 
(see catchers) will alternate. Both have 
strong arms, with Natal being the more 
mobile of the two. 
STARTING PITCHERS - Currently, 
he's pitching as weD as eve r. He blankcd 
Redlands on three hits Saturday 
afternoon and seems 10 be ready to 
become the ace of the staff. Senior 
righthander Enc Reynolds (6-3, 195) 
should threa ten Bob Allen's school 
record of nine vlctones this year, wi th 
any kind of support . After a rocky 
beginning last year, Reynolds pitched 
exceptionally well , only lO receive nve 
no-decis ions fo r his efforts. But then 
when the team started to score some 
runs, Reynolds went on lO P OSt three 
consecutive victori es that enabled UCSD 
10 make the playoffs. Expect that end-
of-season perfo rmance lO continue aD 
year long. 

Two starters will figure prominently in 
the Tritons' plans this year. Junior Frank 
Califano (6-2, 190). a slrong 
righthander, can be at least as good as 
Reynolds in time, says Yates. Steve 
Saggiani (6-0, 175), a freshman 
southpaw, has unbelievable potential. 
Both these players will nOI be eligible 
until March 25th, due to the 24-unit rule 
(they must complete 24 units at UCSD 
to gain eligibility). Yates speaks very 
highly of Saggiani: "With more 
experience, he wiD be a major league 
draftee by his junior year." 

The other two starters on staff are 
Robert Rolf (6-4, ISO), a jUnior 
righthander [rom San Diego College who 
has posted a 1-0 record so far this 
season , and Kevin lIlinworth (6-4, 220), 
a junior righthander who th rows the 
hardest of any starter. accord ing to 
Yates. "He can reaDy throw - I'd say 
middle 80s. which is outstandi ng for 
our league ." 
HEAD COACH - Lyle Yates is enterIng 
his th ird year and looks to have hiS best 
team yet. Some are critical of Yates for 
being young and not having enough 
experience. but he has gUided seve n 
teams Wo. championships. He has the 
talent an-d ability 10 make the key moves 
lo r UCSD under pressure situations. 
With limited help in the past. it IS U 
wonder that Yutes has ussembled such a 
hne young team that can only get belter 
in (he years to come. 
OUTLOOK - With SIX Ircshmen 
Sla ning. the season should nm get 011 to 
a gre,t( stan, since rookil: mistake, arc 
bound to happen But once the 
Ire 'hmen gain valuable experience and 
C liIl,\ho ,tnd S,lgglanl (Omc ofT lhe 
I nellgIiJle li st .• 1Ild If Pctc~cn ami 
Rcynold s per/orin up III thcl r 
Llp.lbIiltlC' thell thc rnwlls ~ou ld "Il' 
I,Jr Ihc "llu[hcrn D II \s llln lu k 111 [hh 
)'''Ir, '\ \ 1:\ DI'lril l III 

WANTED 
ElCperlenced jazz drummer wanted for 
aIgInaI boOI~fion/v.tt:HI band. call Geoff. 
ewnlnga ~1927. (2/21) 
OVERSEAS ..oes. . .lkmmer. yr. round. EUQP8. S. 
Mret .• Aultlalla. AlIa. AlIIeIdI. S9OO-alQO mo. 
~1111ng. Free Info. 'Mit. UC. PO Bx 52-

19 Colona Del Mar. CA 92625. (3/8) 
w~ocesllng penon. Cott system. 
V hOIA good pt:I(. 0vIs 7M-1321 
eYeS. (2/23) . 
fARN $10.00 -~ St.8£CT5 NEEDED 
for a studV r:J m.. NIIated linea F'atlclpants 
need to be between the agel r:J 18 and 66 
ald heM a dIagI all r:J 1)a topic 8C28ffiO 
(dermatltll - a type r:J IIdn roth) Of 2) baIOI 
cell caclnoma (a type of IkIn cancar). 
&bjec:ts win spend appradmateIy 20 mInuteI 
at the Caltromla School of PIcIeasIoI 101 
Psychology In Sorrento Valley. For an 
appoIntmlnt for more Information. pIeaIe 
call KATHY 0iRISTIN04 n7-4995. (2/21) 
COOK -~ at UpltarfCloN&Co. PIara of 
the Four FIagI on Lomas St Fe In Solana Bch 
Immed 0J*lIng. (2/16) 
Computer accessory company needs 
shlpplng/generol office clerk help 25 
tn/weeltc n!IQUlres lite typing and car. Call 
LVnell at Sow Entarprt-.. - 7M-8324. (2/23) 

PERSONALS 
Pregnant? Choole alternatives to abortion. 
Sal otego PIo-lfe League Hotline: 583-5433. 
941-1515. (2/21) 
To 1/2 ~ Dol ha.<e therlghtequatlan?n-
iOVd VOJl COf'I'lXIIlV Low your Guc:IdIan 
Angel. (2/16) 
TACH IT - WI.IIII20 on ttw Zlth. ...... to 
-.ou. us. and a jammIn t'l1l1118l1d. 1I0Il8 you 
...,.. r you ctI\IIe IJ.M(s and Ghla's Ike a 

~. ~. (2116) 
Beagle links AtIantII In broombaIl - ah the 
CJOlX'f'( of defeat. (2/ 16) 
OVistmas gI\IeI VoIentIne's Day Prelent at 
UCSD's MandrIll Wells Cent. this weak with 
"Lo\I8's Labour's Lost". (2/16) 
1he PIar'bov Is coming to UCSO. (2/16) 
Hev biker. thanJc for being such an "Intense" 
roomieIl dumo I just can't .. myself with a 
apoonf\Jl r:J peach jeIIo. lM"d do you think? 
MII'IarI and I I0Il8 you lois. We1 always be 
theI9 when you nMd us. (2/16) 
Rob Reat men do wear!p88doll My roomate 
and I thoroughly etiOYed makIrlg your 
aoquaIntance lost fIkbt nIglt. CoIl UI 
sometime and ....... make you ewn better 
Iasognal453-1385. (2/16) 
MATT - Not to be c:onru.d w/DilIon. .. (teen 
Idols don·t ~000UItIc). Happy biIthdO,'. 
Low. Rachel. (2/16) 

~ Force PIlots lean to tIy In 1011pianes. and 
you cal too. Join the UCSD ~CIub. Call 
Alan. 566-7405 br details. (2/16) 
"LOVE IS NOT LOST" lays Shakeepeare at 
UCSO's Mandell ~ Center. (2/16) 

LOST Be FOUND 

Lost - Woman's grey vinyl jucket. 
Sentimental \lOW. V«V upeet CN8r IoIIng It. 

PI~ call 457-5616 aile br Koran or Ieaw 
m..age. (2/16) 
l.oIt - blue and maroQI"I jacket. In Ii. Aud. 
Monda,' 2/13. Please call Anr:Jv at 279-8056. 
(2/16) 
l.oIt woman's watch on 9·10 somewhaf8 
~ Toney PInel S. and NCB (Muir 
parking 6 lots eentimentalllOluepleoaecall -
277-2367. (2/21) 
Found: Woman's sid jacket at Argo VI WdK.e 
party Sat. (4M-9812). 
Found (bebre X-Ma. bntak) a IkateboaId In 
Muir parking lOt. Call Karen. 453-9901. (2/21) 
A lIOIuobIe book c::A criticism and Important 
personal notes \I\/8fe left on the front delle c::A 
Room H5S 13Xl. otter the film closs. T~ 
night. January 31 any information. call x4594 
for r6WOld. (2/21) 
Lost: In West BaIconV c::A gym - a notV blue 
wlndbr9aker. It found, please call Roger at 
455-9970. (2/21) 
Lost In Bookstore on backpack shelf: 
notebook by Mead w/biOCk COlIer entitled 
"Sketch DIary." inside ore zeraced copies c::A 
music glued onto pages w/hanct.Nrltten 
page numbers & title page. Also 2 
cOO1)OSitlans & gaded analysl$ paper. Need 
music for performance. Plealetum In to MusIc 
Dept. ornce Of call 421-9791 . AnIta. (2/21) 

SERVICES 
WORD PROCESSING: ~ service. PIckup 
lit dellIIery on c:arTlJUS. Call Anr:Jv at 279-8056. 
(3/ ';J) 
Typing •. word processing. conette 
tra~ QJaIIty v.ok at I8OIOIIC1b1e 
rat-. Lo Jolla. Sanc:ti. 459-5818. (2/27) 
UNNAMED HAR REMO'JED PERWNENTl Y 
near campus. La Jolla A;:' atonal Center. 
8950 Villa La Jolla Dr. &J1te 116O-C Call for 
appt 453-1040. (6/7) 
Term pop8II - theeeI - dissertations. Low 
rates. fast.-vlce. PIo-TYJ». 454-6860. La Jolla. 
(6/7) 
Typing! Word Proc::eIIIngi Rush jobsl Term 
papers.. theses. resumes. transcription. 
.JennWer ' 274-5005. (6/7) 
Star Words I'tPIng lit word DptrrlOO: BBlI_slng. Student 
popeII. thalia. 9580 BIle. Mtn. Rd. &.lite 6 578-
4141. (2/23) 

Typing SeIvk::e. 24-hour resultsl Neat work only 
S1.25 per page. cal Reraetoanangeplckup 
ald delively. 453-9067. (2/16) 
Need a typist? ReaIonabIe. Speedy. 15 yeas 
exparIet 1C8. Guarantee work. Call Kathle57()' 
1277 anytime. (2/16) 
TYPING - S1 per page dilCOUnt Klnko's 
CopieI Lo Jolla VUIage SQuare. 232-9797. 
(3/16) 
TYPING: fait/ Acc:uatelRealonable/DiIIert-
atloN/Term Papen/Theset/Resumet/Edlt-
Ing/AuIh JobII~75J7. (2/27) 
Experienced Typist - Term papers. 

rnaN.J~ thelia. dtaertatlOl ~ S1 page 
double IDOC»DeI Mar areo-caIl ewnlngs -
!letty 75&4779. (2/21) 
EliceptiollCll typing. allldnds. Super IBMIlI. fait. 
preclle. spelling. 5 min. 0tfKI0I. Mariann 450-
1138. (3/15) 
TYPING: IBM RUSH JOBS term paper$ n-
dIsaertatIons edItIng453-{)656 (_) 452-5188. 
(6/7) 
TYPINGfV,ORD PROC. - lheeeslDls$/PI:lpers 
- Exper. all tormat - Reasonc:1bIe Rates -
No. County 726-~7. (3115) 
TYPIST - English M.A specializing In 
~s. term paper$ 65¢ perpageJanet 
454-4659. 1 00m-1 Op-n. (2/16) 

HOUSING 
A special video screening w ill be held at Che 
Cate. Feb. 22 at 7:15. Ind. PoperTlgerlV:Joan 
Braderman reads the National Enquirer. 
Quiet. serious and considerate mole 
roommate 'NOnted to share master beci"oom. 
Woodlands North. across from Ralphs. 
FurnIshed condo with tennis. pool. jacuzzi. 

~ S250 plus 1/3utll.CaIl Marc 453-3850. 
(2/23) 
CIoIremoIIt Apt. Master Bdrm. W/ONn bath 1 
01 2 "'""" 1 for $235; LshCIe _ WIt sPIt. 

!oOiIabIe noN. 571-6839. (2/'JIJ) 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Gain eecper\eIlO8in Career PlanninglIIecome 
a PAL (pCliUptoflnlonal Ikaon) br CP6P 
Center, ~ ~ CMJIIct)Ie. Mole Info. 
at fI. 1058.452-3750. (2/23) 
It's the IIOU'Iteer ~ ICe of a 11tetIme. .. 
Warran COII~e RIENTATION LEADER. 
ApplIcatIons lit \fall IatIon n Dean's 0IfIce 
452-4731. Deadline: Wed. Feb. 22. (2/21) 
HEYI Show )O.Jr stuff at MJR COtIfDV NGHT 
on March 1 IntheCof. AudItIons Feb. 23. 452-
4200 br Info. (2/23) 
WARNNG: cal me If you got a c::eromlc 
stein/beer rrug fIom the Argo VI W/I>¥Z. party 
Sat. I YliH hOde the dll8OI8 nane. lyrTl)toms 
and drug nane fer the stein - Incubation 
period 2 weaks. (45.'>-9812). (2/ 16) 

UCLA EXTENSION & CAMBRIDGE UNNERSIlY 

So you ~t to be a Muir HA? Appa CII8 rtON 
~HabIe. Deadline Is 2/2A. Call 452-4200 br 
Info. (2/23) 

TRAVEL 
Council traYeI/OEE proyIdes i IformatIon on 
student charters. ralipasIeI. Inri student Ids. 
hostel cards. tOlft lOt agel 18-35. IM:lrk and 
studV programs. and mJCh more. Stop by the 
Student Center Of call 452-0630. (6/7) 
EsccIpe 11m claal Fun In the sun with UCSD's 
2nd amuol SprIng Fling to Mazatlon Mar 2~ 
Xl. Trust the Rec Deprs raputatIon for 
excellent \lOCation fUn at a great price. 
Details - campus r.c x 4037. (2/16) 

FOR SALE 
Sofa S15: Ice skates. roller skates men's size 12 
S25/pt: 4Q-channel ca. antenna S30. 45(}. 
9583. (2/23) 
Ford PInto 1980 excellent condition. Only 
33.CXXl miles. New battery and tires. S2650. 
Call Joel, 29()' 7437. (2/27) 
Exercise bike - New, sao: 2 fUll beds w/ batI. 
springs - saJ/S35: call 224-8412 early MNF or 
late 6II9n1ngs. (2/17) 
CheVy NoYa. '73 350 V-8. PM steering. brakes. 
reasonable condo 5750 or offer. Call Sue at 
571 -1754. (2/ 2fJ) 
Apple 2p1us computer, 2 drives. RGB color 
monitor. modem. epson FX100 printer. 8 card 
expansion OOJ(, ram card. light pen. security 
system for printer and apple. Interfoc:es. 
sottworel AIklng S4OOO. Call Paul 455-9666. 
(2/23) 
NoYo. 0IeYV. 1977. Probably the car for you. 
Tq bargain you can trust r:Jfered t7f teacher. 
454-2813. (2/16) 
For sole 1982 Centurion Clic 1Q.speed. $100 
Call 481-1386. (2/16) 
MONS and FRN.1ES. 1~ cotton V«V 
COIT'IortobIe. use fer both bed ald couch. 
GaLlEN MOON RJTON 274-4574. (2/16) 
For Sale 1983 V~ RIlla 125ca. 40 ~ 
all automatic. SBOO,'bo call 481-1386. (2/16) 
McNirlg bock to Momrrr{s sale: Teale wall unit 

withllght~1 deeks-oneroll-top. 
one nOt. an beat-up dinette .. 
that ~ Isa good studV tabIe.coII'ae 
table with gIa. top. tI couch. b&:w Iv ... 
th .. ·s probably more bUt I fOIVet. Call 222-
1717 br pricaI - brutaIIV cheap. (2/23) 
Sulfboard. fi 10' M-IIn nut 1811 mint COl Id/tIoI L 
ADan 452-5654. (2/16) 
Maul Salls 58 IQ. ft. IoWtIcaI paneled mylar IlJIf 
soli. $150 CoIl Jack 452-0479. (2/2fJ) 
Must Sell: speaI(eIs. UlIOIInecI' 2-way;. 8" 
wor:Jer/Z'tweeter. S30/pair. ~1. (2120) 
For sole: 5' 10' Sunset 1hruster. GIeat COl Id/tIoII. 
Must sell. Call Jamea 481-2495. (2/16) 

The Cambridge/UCLA Itrogrem is 
de.igned for edults looking for I 
unique educational Ind culturll 
experience. For I short time, 
become a resident student in I 
community with I 7()()..year-old 
tradition; enjoy learning through I 
series of lectures, lively small-
group discussions, Ind field trips. 

mlrttet towns Ind vi"lge • . london 
is only 60 miles from Cambridge. 

COURSES PLANNED: 

IrIUin • lriUin: Empire lind 
Commonw .. lth. Celts. ROINInS. 
Met &.xon •• The Architect ... e of 
EnglllfKl • Engli.h Country HOUM. 

The progrlm is held in Trinity H.II. 
which WI. founded in 1360 Ind 
overlook. the River elm Ind the 
Clmbridge Blcks. There is time to 
explore the historic colleges of the 
University, the Incient City of 
Clmbridge, Ind nearby medieval 

The English Vi ...... Dick..,s end 
the VictorNIn Age • ChurchHl and 
Hi. TImes • 8hek...,..,.: 
Prectice lind Im-alnetlon • Tha 
lAte AuguaWIa: 1730-1780 • 
Revolution It Restoration: 
History. Literature lind Thought 
from 1140-1881. lritlih Politic.: 
The CI .... of I .... T&MIor 
Englend • Shak .. .,...·. 
E ....... Self. 8ocHty. Mel 
Value. in Britain. Landac..,.. 
end O ... ~ • The Archaeology of 

Two ttvee-WMk .... ion. a,. 
8CheduIM July B-21 end 
July 28-August 11. 1884. 
Enrollm""t i$ "$0 open fo, the 
enti,. six-week period. 
For further Informetion lind 
de8CriptIve brochure, write or cill 
Cambridge/UCLA Program. 
Department UCSDG. P.O. Box 
24901. los Angeles. CA 90024; 
(213) 825-2085, 8 1m to 5 pm. 





--

The Magazine 
of the '80s 

EdItor 
Al'l>REW KULfR 

A.adMe Arts r.dJt.or 
.JOHn rtU 
...... 

, 

"'IK~ AH". JAn 8R~S­
IAU~ CHRlSTOI'H~R CNIOLr:. 
JON! roIlSlllRG.RoM 1R.l. ",.s. 
HUI'fI' (Glrdenlng). PAUL " . 
.JOnES. CLYDEn~ nu 

[ditariaf 4S J-l44i6 
Mwt ..... 4SJ-J44iI 

/ti.,us is published eyery 
Thur~ or the JChool )'Ur IS. 
supplement til tile UCSD 
GUAII*,t Reproduction Of IIIC 
without .Itten ptrmlsslon 01111}' 
POfIIon or ltIis magulnc Is I .. 
no. We Wcl<:OIM unsolldtcd 
Iellers. NnuKrlpb Ind .-tworII. 
but iSSUIIIC no responsibility for 
the reI urn or such. ~end 
inrormillon 10: 

,,~rus 
~, 6. t. JoIIi 

c . .. 91093 

""<1 Ih~1 , Ihe bel • .l«kl 

Contents 
Cover: After six year 
together U840 is finally 
becoming a m~or act in their 
own right. U840 will play to a 
sell out in the Main Gym on 
Presidents day. See story on 
page 5. 

Soaor ................ pagel 
Sonor has brought only the ftnest 

in contemporary r,nusic to the UCSD 
community over the past eight 
years. Bernard Rand heads an all-
star Une-up on Wednesday. 

.. ~mk:s ........... page 4 
Annie Lenox breaks fully away 

from being a Tourists and brings in 
a new era of e1ectro-pop with the 
[urythmics' new album Touch. 

Opera , ...... ,., .. ; ... page 6 
The San Dfego Opera shows us 
that life in Tudor england can be fUn 
If you don't take It too seriously. 

.\t5orted Vinyl Report pIIge 4 
Bob's Book Report pllge 4 

Goings On page 7 

"Bright as the spangled jacket of a has-been crooner. 
funny as any Broadway comic could dream of being. 

appetizing as a pastrami-on-wry sandwich at the Carnegie Deli. 
'Danny Rose' is almost impossible not to like. Mia Farrow is 
a coarse delight; this is her best work since 'Rosemary's Baby~" 

-Illchani CorIha, TI_ M4IpzIM 

.. 'Broadway Danny Rose' gets the new year off to an exhilarating start~· 
-VIncente.".". NnYorI! TIrMa 

.. 'Broadway Danny Rose' has its full quota of Allen gags. 
verba l and visua l. 'Danny Rose' may be his most 

Chaplinesque film .. :' -Jec:1I Kroll. Newa_k 

"'Broadway 
Danny Rose' 

is a great film .. :' 
-Joel _ ... ABC. 

"'Broadway 
Danny Rose ' 
is profoundly 
funny: ' 

Good Momin, 
AmerIca 

-+-11 -Gena II1II .. 

" ... hilarious ... 
one of his 

very best.. :· 
-J.net ..... ln. 

New Vorl! TI ..... 

"Touching. 
funny. sad 

and wonderful :' 
-.lelfr.), l,ons 

" Woody Allen 
rema ins 
~ the most 

original 
and daring 

comedy 
artist in 

films today:' 
-lob Thom .. , A P 

" .. . pure gold:' 
-Judltt\ Crist 

"Mia Farrow ... is 
merely marvelous:' 
- .... Reed 

.. ... downright 
hilarious .. :' 
-P.t CollIn • • CBS 

" It all works:' 
-RGIer Ebert 

. J.a IIIIiRs J)tris ~~ 
~ l Mn iiiiiiie 
G.iI iii ISC iiIIslf Wi 
MI1 GieeaIwt iii, iii 

.~a.otI ~" ''''' I ' . ..... 
iiQI;';'!:~~ ti'" __ • 

------STARTS FRIDAY------
MANN RAItCHO 
BERNARDO 
11740 Bernardo Plaza Ct 
485·8641 • 1 00 - 300 
500'700'900 
All FLOWER HIU 
CINEMAS 
Del Mar.Racetrack/Exlt 1·5 
275·0070/755·5511 
1215 ' 200 ' 3.50 
5 40 ' 7:30 ' 9 20 

PACIFIC'S CINERAMA THEATRE 
UnI'I!ISI!y Ave. near College Ave 
583-6201 • 1230 - 230 ' 4 30 
630-830-1030 
PACIFIC'S LA JOlLA 
VILLAGE THEATRES 
8879 Villa La Jol/a Or 
(N of la Jol/a Village Squale) 
453·7831 
12 30 ' 2 20 - 4 10 
600 ' 800 ' 1000 

2 nialus february 16. 1984 

PACIFIC'S SWEETWATER 
6 THEATRES 
In the Town and Counlry 
Shopprng Center · 805 Fwy 
at Sweetwaler Rd 4) 4·85) I 
12 30 • 2 25 ' 4 20 
6 20 • 820 - 10 15 

Spirit Woman (for nl-AhJ 
Spirit Woman 
comes from 
behind the shadows 
so stili, 
yet behold, 
she Is already 
In a different place. 
She takes her steps surely, 
one leg extends 
a toe nnds 
a beginning of a place 
she circumnavigates 
the soft blue spotlight 
becoming Its hue 
she enters 
(the Kiva) 
we corne with her too. 
"L'enfant terrtble" 
spins webs of sound 
concocts a brew 
growls In cowbells 
stepping. bowing. 
bending, hitting, strlklng 
sound-making tools 
babbling. burbling 
amidst wires. drones 
She ponders. looking back 
this Shlva 
Winding legs 
sunshine orange feet In the 
air 
a lion with love 
smUe curling 
Into hiss or roar 
Black mantle-mane shrouds 
her face 
thoracic quiver 
shivering certainty 
cupped hands 

she regards them 
as they transform 
leading her 
In new directions 
alkldance 
"ring" 
tlng tlng tlng 
finger cymbals' 
pronouncement 
lights change COlor. facie 
she was by us 
next to us 
In front of us 
they were 
there sharlng 
new rltual 
Intimate Invitation 
convocation 
she touched 
her lover 
then turned towards 
the other 
ancther voice 
of tlmea time 
ancient rhyme 
evocation 
COnlCCl1lltion 
bountiful wbdom 
soul-statues accompaniment 
fragments of now 
and then 
transcenclant undulation 
I ndependent tendrils, 
tRrnolos 
merging, making 
trembling 
emergent 
moment 

- l'4aIlc:y Irtgp 

Southland o~ ~ 
Concerts ~ 

UAI ..... .... 

'¥Iro"to"II"""""""SKA 'N' B .......... ,.",...... 
with 

with Paul Carrack 
plus special guest 

Mr. Mr. 

Friday, March 2, 8:00 pm 
UCSD GYM 

Tix on sale now at Sears and all Ticketron outlets. 
Also at the UCSD Box Office. 

Call 452-4559 for more information. 

Yw"trI'VYY'rN'rf','rI' •• ·MrhN·.· ....... """ ... South 10 nd Concerts IY'tI'oI'rlY'WYoIY"""""''''''''''''' 

The life and times of SONOR 
SOrtOR began In 1976 at UCSD. It was founded and first directed by 

the composer Bernard Rands. whose reputation In the composition of 
modern music has ftourlshed for the lut quarter of a century. The 
members of SOrtOR haft YIIrled a little since Its beginning. but most of 
the nucleus has mnalned COMtant In the eight )'UI'S of Its existence. as 
has Its purpose of performing recent and particularly Amerlcan works of 
music. 

At this quarter's c:onc:ert. sortOR will give premieres 01 works by two 
otber UCSD profasors besides RInds. Roger Reynolds' M~ for 
tape and .52 m ......... win haft Its nnt Amakan performance hue (It 
WIS pmtOUJly cIIRcttJd In concat by Peter I'.otvos In Parts. from where 
it was commfllloned ~ RqIIoIds was I rounder 01 anotha c:apI'" letter 
bib_ to modernism. the ona fattvaI 01 Ann Arbor. Mlc:Idpn. Robert 
I'zfckaon's ~ 1Ime will haft Its world premiere, by which phrue we 
Imply that a1t1lougll the first, thfa win not be the last tlJae tile world 
-llean It The ped'oimance will be Wednesday. rebruary 11 It 8 pm 
In Hanclevtlle. Tickets _ $1 for students. 

- ............ r ... 

Jolla SIlber has been a conductor of new and experimental music for 
more than thirty years. It was In the last decade of that dedication that 
he came to observe that conducting as profession. as a tracUtion. as a 
presence. no longer served that music now based upon the phenomena 
01 sound. upon all Its meanlnp and colors. all Its wanderlnp. shapes. 
and I;jmdess pursuits whk:h no Ioager subsume themselves to the usual 
anaIytlcs. Thus the need to dlsappar. to retum with new skills and 
awareness. the noa-Intrudlng guide. the silalt uplorer and poet along 
with the composer. the reveaJlng of music as total preoccupation rather 
than moment to moment lonr!.ln which the old no longer survives. 

1 9 8 3 

Rabat r.rtc:Uoa has composed for 
a wide varlety of Instrumental and 
vocal comblaatlons. In recent years he 
has worked In electronic mu.slc 
(usually employing musique concrete 
procedures) as well. He was one of the 
nrst American composers to explore 
the resources of the twelve-tone 
system. and by 1943 his mu.slc had 
evolved to I less systematic type of 
atonal writlDg rooted In the rigors of 
Imitative contrapuntal procedures. 
11uough writing his books. The 
Sbucture of Music: A liMster's Guide. 
tD JIIeIodlllild Countelpont. he found 
himself "purged...of the contrapuntal 
obsession". and since then (1952) his 
music has been more Intuitive. where 

. "aaft, thought and Intuition are so 
merged that It Is all one thing." 

8 4 SEA SON 
M.mdell Weiss Center ,md UCSD The-.lIre 

Love's Labour's Lost directed by Eric Christmas 
- a J"ncijul wmcdy oj love and life -

February 16 - 19, 23 - 26, 29 - March 3 
TlcJras On Sale Nowl 

---WINTER REPERTORY- - --
Venice Preserved 

Tllllll)(lS Otway'S Rl's/oratilll1 tragedy (~ {'«'WC ,. Illld 1l(lssi(ln 
March 8, 10, 14 and 16 

The Playboy of the Western World 
An inspilillg Imh jolkta/r hy IM. Syng.: 
March 9, 11, 15 and 17 

Tickets on Sale 201 CaU 452-4574 

OVer the decade oIthe 70'5."""" 
Ruds' musk gained International 
recognition and established him as a 

~ ftfJUft IIIIOng his generation of 
composers. 1brough an Impressive 
number of warks written for a wide 
range of performance genre, the 
originality and distinctive character of 
his musk: emerged - music acclaimed 
for Its "plangent lyricism", "dramatic 
Impact". "strength of Ideas and 
technical sophistication" - qualities 
he developed from his association with 
Dallaplccola. Maderna andllerlo. Some 
sixty works (commissioned by noted 
soloists. erwembles and orchestras) are 
regularly perfmlJled and broad casted 
In many countries. 

Roger lleyDoids was educated both 
as an engineer and as a composer. His 
Interests haw: remained wide since his 
early experimental theater work. The 
tmperor of Ice Cream (1962). 
Compositions with theabical and 
mfxecl media elernats have formed 
one thrad In his work. purely 
Instrumental writing another. His 
Aether, for violin and plano. 
commissioned by the McKim fund of 
the Ubrary 01 Congress.was premiered 
on the Coolidge Chamber Music 
Pestival In washington last October. 

.... CIIarIeI ~. pac ..... onIst. 
composer, conductor. studied at the 
Parts CoDlUVltonum and with the 
Australian compmer Kdth Humble. He 
has served as the c:o-dIrector of the 
Centre de Mu.slque, at the AmerIcan 
Center for Students and Artists, ParIs 
(1966-1968). and as principal 
percussionist with the Melboume 
Symphony Orchestra (196!H971). He 
joined the mu.slc faculty of the 
University of california. San Diego in 
1972. and served as Director of the 
Center for Music ~perlment from 1979 
to 1982. In addition to eld.erwive 
activities as composer. soloist. and 
conductor In [grope, Australia. the . 
United States and Mexico. Prancols and 
trombonist John Silber founded KIVA. 

Amerlcan lyric tenor raul !peny 
has been called "one oftoday's leading 
recltallst.s" by the rttfW YOit Times. 
and wins similar words of high praise 
wherever he sings. 

~'s versatility Is well known. 
His repertory Includes hundreds of 
songs In a dozen languages and a host 
of dllfm:nt muskal Idioms. He sang a 
three-recital series of Amerlcan works 
for the 6k:enteaaIaI ~ and another 
program made up entlrdy offolk songs 
In arrangements by such composers as 
Beethoven, Ha)lda. Poulenc. Ravel and 
Prokoftev. 

february 16, 1984 nlMal ~ 



Eurythmics 
display a 
soft Toucb' 

Assorted Vinyl Report 
Top rive Sales 
1. S".rlclt in the Rain Sbaple Pllnds A~M 
2. Touch turythnaks RCA 

Touch 
Earytllndc:s 
RCA 

3. Soul Mining THmt[ CM 
4. laming to Crawl Pretenden Sire 
5. Japanese Whispers lbe CureA~M 
Top rive Imports 

By 1ArtC[ BlRMRD 1. Power Corruption Ues rtew Order factory 
Touch, the latest release from 

6rltaln's Inventive Eurythmics, 
further expands and elaborates 
upon the techno-pop style they 
helped popularize last year with 
the hit "Sweet Dreams (Are 
Made of This)." 

2. Ifead OVer Heals Cocteau TWIns 4AD 
3. The Blurred Crusade Tbe Cburch carrere 
4. lrd lye l'Ion5OOll Import 
5. Tour de france Kraftwork EMI 

The duet of Annie Lennox and however, delves Into newer 
Dave stewart, together since ground for [urythmlcs (they use 
1977 and fonnerly with the no "the"), branching Into more 
Tourists, this time produces varied modes. 
more eclectic material than It focuses more on 
many of Its synthesizer-based .. synthesized funk and reggae, 
peers here and abroad. giving both Stewart and I.ennoI 

Side one, hfgldlghted by chances to test their range. 
"Right By Your Side" and "Here "first Cut." for eJample. bases 
Comes the Rain Again," is Its rhythms on standard. Iate-
comprised mostly of radio- 70s funk guitar lines and meter, 
oriented pop, but produced In while "Aqua" follows a similar 
the standard Eurythmics pattern, only in reggae fashion. 
manner - very uncluttered and The final track, "No fear, No 
orchestrated. Side two, Hate, No Pain," concludes the 

Be all you can bel 
Write for Hiatusl The opportunity of a lifetime 

awaits you in the eucalyptus grove southeast of the 
Revelle Provost's offlce. Come by our offices or call 
452-3466 and ask for Andrew or John. Take a hiatus 
from the academic jungle and have fun. 

T k l!.d -t lk' iO 'f! welcomes 

collection with a less effective, 
regressive tone, comprising one 
of the few weak spots on the 
album. 

The entire collection 
succeeds as a whole. allowing 
the flamboyant Lennox to fully 
utilize her rangy, crystal·dear 
voice to the fullest and the 
versatile Stewart to play 
something other than 
keyboards. Though most 
suitable for Eurythmics fans. 
one need not follow techno-pop 
to erioy Touch. 

Bob's Book Re]2Olt 
Nccaffrey stumbles 
in land of dragons 

By ROBtKT ~on~ 
Anne McCaffrey's latest 

Oragonrlders of Pem book. 
I'forem, Is probably the worst of 
the series. The characterization 
Is lOUSY, the plot reads like 
something out of a Gerber'sjar, 
and even the sickeningly moral 
and goody-two-shoes rlght-
makes-mlght Horatio Alger plot 
(which Is usually the case when 
MccaJl'rey wields her typewriter) 
makes only a modest guest 
appearance In this latest tome. 
Sorry, this Is the worst she has 
ever written, Including the 
historical period Mltr9s 01 

~ttin. and should be read only 
by the (fortunately for the 
publisher. very large) 
population ct dragon fanatics 
that resides allover the world. 

I am sorry If I bave 
excessively ripped anyone's 
favcxite writer. When Md:aIrrey 
does not even establish enough 
urgency to drum up the least 
concern for the fate of the 
characters. I fall to see any 
reason why I should treat the 
pulped-out mess with any 
mercy. 

I hope she does better next 
time. 

A surprise Is definitely 
awaiting those who read 
Trevenlan's The Summer 01 
KMya. This wonderful book Is 

not In the least what one would 
expect from the author of The 
liger Sanction and Shlbumi. 
IMtead of a story of as5assIM. it 
Is a wonderful tale of madness, 
set In the summer before the 
madness that was W«ld war I. 

The central (and nanating) 
chal'lcter Is a young Basque 
doctor working as an assistant 
In a clinic dedicated to 
"women's troubles." He meets a 
)'Otmg woman (with whOm he 
ralls In love ~ and her family. a 
klck-boJlng champion brother 
and an absent-minded 
medievalist father, allUving In a 
deca~d villa nve kilometers 
from town. from that 
auspicious. fair-weathered 
beginning. the situation 
degenerates Into a night of 
madness, violence and death, 
and 1ft ne~r know the truth 
about who Is really mad until 
the end. lbe book has a suitably 
horrifying postscript. 

It Is a very well-wrltten story 
that I recommend highly to 
those who have the time to read 
It. You should be able to nnd It 
In Central Ubrary - It has two 
copies. 

P.s. The latest news Is that 
there will be no friends of the' 
UCSD Ubrary Hook sale this 
quarter. 

THIS MAY BE THE 
PROGRAM Y.OU'VE 

BEEN WAlnIG FOR ••• 

, 

Monday, February 20- 8p.rn. 
~ 'loU 'tl\O~ e U.C.S.D. Gym 

Tlckets_ S11 50 General AdmiSSion toe ~\J\\ 
se\' 

Tickets available at UCSD Bo. Office ,~~~ 
_ IK'I:' fo. 'T ' • MDIIS Sf ..... I0Il Off'c:e, oM S 0 County- . "l?" I I a..} Men. Sh';w .. 
• ~Lr\ ? TICKET OUTLETS I .D. COtI __ ' _._ AIm _ ... 0lIl<. 1:102 C I_, 
_ AIIIC ca_ 10. 0II!c0 MMl Of ~ In __ "AMI\' __ "II -. on loconcI .... 
UJID IIIMT NAVA&. "AftON Mo.n I.adtonp alowHng c.ne. __ ,M 5pom ShOp '" if'IClMO ••• 0 I ....c en'owoy 

t\ltWIf' of count.,1111 tlrk." Buy 1,dellS from .ulhoflled OUl"" only 

Countedlll ock.u Will not be honored 

4 llialus february 16, 1984 

TI1e UCLA Teacher Education Laboratory 
proudly announces the four-quarter 

Teaching Credential/Masters of Education 
Program beginning in the Fall of 1984. 

For more information and to receive an 
application form please contact: 

The Office of Student Services 
201 Moore Hall 
(213) 825-8326 

UCLA Los Angeles, CA. 90024 

PoUsbgroup 
debuts in 
la JoUa 

The ~ Jolla Chamber Music 
SocIety Is proud to present the 
San Diego debut of the Polish 
Chamber Orchestra next 
Thur!day. february 23. at 8 pm 
In Sherwood Auditorium of the 
IB Jolla Museum of Contempo-
rary Art. Conducted by Jerzy 
Maksymluk, the Polish Chamber 
Orchestra returns this ~r to 
the North American continent 
for Its ftfth consecutive season 
and Its first appearance In San 
Diego. 

Rockin' · and Reggae with UB40 

In 1972. .leny MaksymJuk 
started the Polish Chamber 
Orchestra. which has been 
hailed by London's Daily 
Telegflph as a "superb 
ensemble" and by the 
*,shington Post as "one of 
~urope's foremost · chamber 
ensembles." It has recorded 
several highly acclaimed 
a1bullL1 on the ~Mll Angel label 
with Its first recording, an LP of 
Mozart's Salzburg Divertimenti. 
receiving the award for best 
recording of Mozart's music 
from the Mozart Society In 
Vienna. 

ISyMUDfYOL 
WIlen )'Ou first hear about 

UB40, the multi-racial reggae 
band whose concert at the UCSD 
gym Monday night Is already 
sold-out, one of the nrsf"thlngs 
you think Is, "Where did they 
get the name?" Is It some 
strange new chemical 
compound, or Is It actually a 
cryptic sentence and we areJust 
pronouncing It wrong? Maybe It 
Is just gibberish. or maybe It Is 
the name of a WWlI German 
boat, you know. like that other 
musical group. 

In fact, U840 Is the reference 
number on a British 
unemployment benefits canl. 

something with which the 
members of the band were far 
too familiar not more than six 
years ago. At that time most of 
them could not even play an 
Instrument. but today they are 
one of the most popular reggae 
bands In England and are now 
finally making a name for 
themselves In America. 

The original members of the 
band got together for the first 
time In mkH978. and by 
february of 1979 were playing 
professionally hi Bbmlngham's 
most popular reggae clubs. 
from there, things took oft'. 
After a television appearance 
and supportive radio play from 

We would like to introduce to you our 
new and talented hair designers, 
Felipe &. Karen Kav (K.K.) 
Women $15, reI!. $25 
Men $12, rt1:. $19 
For appointment pleaseca1l457-~930. 
8950 Villa La Jolla Dr" Suite 2120, La Jolla 
(bc,hind EI TOfllo &. Rodeo - directly across the ramp) 

OUer expires 3-31-84. 

John Peel. an Influential 6rltlsh 
dJscjockey, the band caught the 
attention of Chrissie Hynde, and 
In eariy 1981 It was on tour with 
the Pretenders. At the same 
time, Its first single. "Klng." was 
released. It was the flnt single 
ever to reach the r.ngIlsh top ten 
without the backing of a maj« 
record label. 

Their ftnt American release. 
1 ~ 19f1J. Is a collection of ten 
tracks that follows the group's 
success over the four-year 
period. Their current album. 
/MolAr 01 Loue. Is made up 
entirely of songs 0YtgJt.t1y 
recorded by various reggae 
artists In tile late 60s and early 

acAPI FlISI CUSI ......... a SUN of 
MAZATLAN 

PlCIcIsc Includa: ~~ ..., 
• Traniportatlon to & from TljUdna Airport ~ \(\ ~ 
• Round-trip air transportation vie AerornexIco ~ or- q,t.. 
· ~='=fers Airport/Hotel ; .. ~c. ~tP, ~~ q.. 
• Hoteleccomodlltlons In Mozatlen for 5 nights ~. ~~ ~ # 

lit TN ..... ley HotII on tIw bach Q"X_~c.c. 

70s. U840's biggest hit so far 
from that album, .. Red Red 
Wine" (a song written by Nell 
Diamond). was voted by 91X 
listeners as "Song of the Year" 
for 1983. 

U840's music Is respectable 
reggae. a ftne example of an old 
style that has finally found its 
time. But It Is also really fun. It 
Is music that makes you smile. 
Its albums can be scrutinized 
. and critiqued in the most 
Intellectual way. but do not be 
surprised If your elght-~r-old 
sister Is constantly standing at 
yoar doCIr waiting to ftear some 
of that "neat music" one IIIOR 
time. 

The program for this one-
nlght-only performance will 
Include the Rossini Sonata a 
quattro rto. 1 In G M¥>r. 
Shostakovich's Chamber 
Symphony, Op. no (originally 
the string Quarter No.8). 
Barber's Adagio for strings. Op. 
n and the Dvorak Serenade In 
[. Op. 22. All seats are $15 with 
extremely limited seating 
available. for ticket Informa-
tion. please call the La Jolla 
Chamber Music Society at 4~~ 
l724. 

HE'S A BIG-aTY KID IN A SMAlllOWN WORlO. 
HE'S GOING 10 lIVE BY HIS ONN RULES, 

EVEN IF HE HAS 10 BREAK EVERY ONE OF TliEIRS. 

PAAAITlllH PlTLHS PRESENTS A IJH1 fll1N1CK PA!XllTllN • Double occupency: H95 ~~~ 
• Triple occupancy: .. 

• ... the CO.MuMnce of IOUncHrIp..mcc 
DlETLY fIOIII UCID QRIPUI. 

.... the~ of " ... 1Ind UCSD 
block of I'OCIIIII In OM of MIUtIIn\ bat 
IIotIIi on the bach • 

A HERBERT fIlSS Flm'HllTLOOSE,KEVW ERItH(JlI SNiER 
[HH WEST ~D ,~ l!If:IillWI'EXECUTM PfIIllER 

rnNEL mELN[K' WRITTEN BY [IAN PlTCt-HRJ · PR(IllED BY 
LEWIS J. RflHffill AND (FRi ZA£JlN' [HCTEO BY I-£R8ERT lUiS 

fEll M PI. 'tI B [K FfUT1 WFlLfDr' ~'DAIGfR. IOOTDi PlCTlJIE 

• Go with the bat: oar. atibillMd 
NPUtItIon In ""III you the bat trips. -----\ -' - ~ , ..... '-r.,., . " . J f • ".~,_ •• ~,_. I p'. ....". I • \ I '~ ~ ••• »)O. ~, - - "'-

• •• r J .J' \ .. 1'...= ,:.') . l 
..... ,.... ' I t 

~;~~'~L~~,~EC~~~~I~;~i 
STARTS FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 17th AT A THEATRE NEAR YOU. 

february 16, 1984 lliatus 5 



'Anna Bolena': Entertainment 
from an unfortunate affair 

By J.R. PAPP 
Donlzetti. like VerdI. wrote 

music that had so much 
exuberance and glltter that. 
after Jeering one of his 
tragedies. a community of 
plotters. poisoners and wife-
murderers might be a rather 
jolly group with which to 
associate after all. His tunes and 
arrangements can brighten 3~ 
hours of the most scandalous 
activities where wagner's would 
only make them wone. ~ san 
Diego Opera's An,.., BoIeruputs 
an extremely entertaining 
perspective on an unfortunate 
afl'alr. 

We all know that when life Is 
not shaping up in exactly the 
way desired. composers and 
librettists advise us to sing. The 
extraordinary thing is that 
DonJzettl would expect us to 
sing with such panache. It is a 
pity that the San Diego 
production's conductor. Eve 
Queler. could not have put a bit 

more snap Into the score than 
she did: one suspects that her 
view of Henry Vln's behavior Isa 
little more severe than the 
composer's, 

Nevertheless. Katla Rlccla-
relli as Anna Bolena cames the 
long and occasionally confusing 
evening through resoundingly. 
particularly In her spontane-
ously combustible duets with 
F;nrlco VIII, sung by Robert Hale. 
and her exchanges with 
Glovanna Seymour. sung by 
Susanne Marsee. 'nIere Is a well 
deftned contrast In the singing 
of Anna and Giovanna. the 
prima donna. conftdent (If only 
in her rightness). cUnglng from 
descent. and the newer. ftlghtler 
f.worlte. ascending. One's mind 
Immediately recalls last year's 
Henry VIII of Saint-Siem. In 
which Anna waswhere Giovanna 
is now. but watching Catherine's 
decline. 

The visual presentation has 
that congenial quality that the 

--..:...--.----- _.- .. - _._-_ .. -

An impressive technolog ica l 
journey began over three decades ago 
a t Hughes Aircraft Company . Today . 
with more than 90 diverse 
technologies ranging from sllb-mic ron 
electronics to large scale systems . 
you ' ll find Hug hes people forging new 
discove r ies, new fu tures . 

Tudors and their political 
scheming produce: spaces In 
which clumps of peOple can 
gather and plot and nooks In 
which other people can 
overhear them. This anange-
ment of space and the people In 
It Is conducive to dramatic 
action, and It is a chlnge that 
refresbes after the stout 
Germans gathering In ranks to 
belt away at \VagnerIan chants. 
StIli. the singers might baR 
been dmtrtbuted a little IIlCft 
evenly and Interestingly around 
the available construction of 
brtdges, alcoves and stairways. 

The opera ends with Anna's 
mad scene. as she sees her 
executioner proceeding down 
the stairs towards her. When 
that scene ends the 3~-hour 
voice binge. one leaves 
doubting whether one can in 
fact have too much of a good 
thing. Anyone Interested can 
find out for himself this 
Saturday at the Civic Theater. 

Hughes representatives 
will be on campus 

March 8 ' 
(See your placemen t office 

for an a ppoi nt mc n t.1 

Bccome pa rt of the H lIghes 
t raditio n of techno logical firs ts, if your 
degree is in: 

Electrical, Mechanical, 
Manufacturing or Industrial 
Engineering. Computer Science, 
Physics. Electronics Technology . 

Or con tac t Hughes Corpora te College 
Relatio ns , Dept. NC, Bldg . C218178 , 
P.O . Box 1042 , EI Segundo , CA 90245. 

Requirements may vary . Chec k 
wit h your place me nt office aboll t 
Hu ghes' company ·w ide oppor tu nities 
at anyone of 12 Sou th ern Ca lifornia 
locatio ns and Tucson , Arizona . 

Crt'alill~ a nt' '' ' l4.'urhi u"th ,.!rdrUfUfl 
r--- ----------- --- -, 
I I 

lHUGHESl 
I I L ______ _ ___ __ __ _ ___ J 

"' uG "' ES A , R C RAFT CO MPA"' Y 

Equal Oppo rtun ity Employer 
Proof of u.s. Citizenship Required 

ON CAMPUS 
6 nlilt"5 february J 6, 1984 

SENIOR NURSE 
STUDENTS 

Adventure ... Challenge ... 
Professionalism! 

An exciting job with 
opportunities for world· wide 
travel, career development, 
professional growth, excellent 
benefits. BSN graduates or 
~ students are e1iatb1e. Ii 
you're going to be someone, 
special...Be a Navy Nurse! For 
more information call 293-
6746.8 am - 4 pm. Monday· 
Wednesday. 

Color BUnd? 

1'f!J>' .~ ~ ~ 
It you are color blind we 

will pay you $5.00 per hour 
to partiCipate in perception 
expertrnents on the nature 
01 color blindness. For more 
infonnation contact: Kathy 
Purl or AI Nagy at 452-4762 

between 9:00 and noon. 

Business and' 
Technical Majors 
Highly responsible positions -
for college seniors and 
graduates (through age 34) in 
financial and logistic support. 
The Navy Supply Corps needs 
highly Qualified. dynamic 
individuals to lead and 
manage large inventory and 
financial networks. Salary 
$18.500 to start. $34,000 after 
4 years. Excellent benefits 
package. Need BAIBS, U.S. 
citizenship. Call Naval 
Management Programs, 293· 
6746, 8 am · 4 pm , Monday 
through Wednesday. 

A comprehensive collection through Saturday evenln(lS and 
of German Expressionism will SUnday matinees. begJnning 
be on view at the San Diego rebruary 23. ror ticket 
Museum of Art In Balboa Pam In Information call the Way Oft' 
the exhibition ~rllJ 20th Broadway Dinner Theatre at 
Centu'1l CIt"",n An from the · 698-6330. 
Collection of Vince L Kondon. • • • 
throuah March 11. 1984. The Ciospel According to SL 

Including 57 011 paintings. fllatthew. a 1966 Italian nlm 
watercolors. drawings and dlrected by PIer Paolo Paolini. 
woodcuts by such artists as SCRe'" Wednesday. rebruary 
nolde. Orosz. Kirchner and 22. at 7:30 pm. at the La Jolla 
relnlnger. the uhlbltlon Museum of Contemporary Art. 
prcwtdes an overview of the 'nIe film Is a MarxIst. semi. 
German EIprasIonlst period documentary style ~ta­
from one of San DIego's nnest lion of Christ's teachings. 
private collections. Dbutor Puollnl shifts the 

An exhibition catalog wiD be 
available at the museum store. 

TIle IIIUItUID Is open 10 am to 
5 pm. Tuesday through Sunday. 
Aclmlsslon Is free to members: 
$3 tor adults: .~ for senior 
dtlJIeM and military penonnel: 
$1.50 for students 13-18 or with 
appropriate 1de~lftcatlon: 5CK 
for chlklRn 6-12 and he to 
children nve and under. 

• • • 

'nIe way Oft' BroIdway DInner 
1beItR In Lemon <koYe will 
feature John William See's 
1940s detective spoof The IMIIJ 
Oleos l'Iu'*' as Its grand 
opening production. Directed 
by OU1stopher R. The lMIN Ofe.s 
Munier follows the exploits of 
cute and tough detectM PhlUp 
DIamond as be ftnds himself 
pltt2d aptnst spies. th .... 
femme tktales and tile mystery 
of the SIowman stamp. 

Pmormances ~ 11tunday 

.. native from PalestIne to the 
narrow streets and barren 
h01s1des of Southern Italy. 
populating his Biblical 
land.lcape with the faces of local 
pea5II1ts and non-professk»nal 
actors. With dignity and 
simplicity. this controve .... 
work portrays an ICtIYlst auist 
who Is spiritual but full of 
violent contradk:tIons. 

The cmpel AccofrIfng to SL 
M.ttthewisshown In italian with 
r.ngIlsh subtitles. 'DIe nlm Is 
part of the museum's Evening 
rllm Series featuring 
International nlm classics 
produced between World war U 
and 1970. 

On Wednesday. rebruary 29. 
the series presents the italian 
drama The CDnfonnut at 7:30 
pm. In the museum auditorium. 
General admission Is $3: 
students and seniors $2. ror 
Information call 4M-0267. 

• • • 

'nIe l.1 Jolla Clvlc-untvmlty 
Symphony Orchestra and 
OIorus wOl perform Tchalkov-
skYs ".theti~ . SiJmphonJJ 

)ATURDAY, ~€DRUARY 25 
8 PM MAIN GYM 

Green on Red has been one of Los Angeles' most underrated 
bands. However. under the mentorshlp of the Dream 
Syndicates' Steve Wynn. It has succeeded In landing a 
recording contract on the Slash label . 

Its ftrst tull-Iength album. QraDity Ta/b. Is currently 
available. and Is well worth the Investment. Green on Red 
appears with the Telltale Hearts at The Backdoor rriday at 8 
pm. ror more Information call 26~562. 

and gfve the world premiere of 
Henry Brant's ~tem Springs 
at UCSD's Mandeville 
Auditorium on Satunlay and 
Sunday. 'DIe Brant work was 
written specifically for the 
orchestra and chorus. as well as 
two jazz binds. Brant will be 
praent and will assist in the 

conducting. The Tchalkovsky 
will be conducted by Thomas 
nee of the UCSD Music 
Department· 

The performances will take 
place on Saturday. February 18. 
at 8 pm. and Sunday. rebruary 
19, at 3 pm, Tickets cost $5 for 
adults and $3 for students and 

CORDIALLY 
IN\lIT€D 

TO 

senior citizens. ror further 
Information. call 457-4637. 

• •• 

The Center for Music 
f.xpertment wOl hold open 
house tonight at 8 pm. Its offlce 
Is at Warren College. ror more 
Information. call 452-4383. 

• •• 

Pete Townsend's baby brother 
Simon will play at the Rodeo 
Sunday. rebruary26. Tickets are 
available at the Rodeo Box 
0fIIce and all Teleleat outlets. 
ror more Information. call 483-
6339. 

• •• 

'nIe UCSD Dlama Depart-
ment·s production of Love's 
lMours Lost continues through 
March 3 at tbe Jltanckll Weiss 
Center for the Performing Arts. 
Shows are at 8 pm eJCept for 
Sundays at 7 pm. 

Tickets are available at the 
uro Box omce and all Ticketron 
outlets. ror more information. 
call 452-4574. 

• •• 

Due to Internal strife within 
the bane:l, the Dickies will not be 
performing their scheduled 
show at the 6ackdoor. 

• •• 
"Landscape as a Source of 

Semual [xperlence." a lecture 
by Mark JoblLltone. Is offered at 
the La Jolla Museum of 
Contemporary Art Thursday at 8 
pm in coqJamctlon with the 
photography exhibition. John 

~hl - /'ower PfM:es. 
The museum Is located at 700 

rrospect Street In La Jolla. 
Admission to the Johnstone 
lecture Is $3: students and 
seniors $2. 

THE: Gm E:VENT 
OF THE YE:~R 
* Live Entertainment 
* Refreshments 
* SSOO worth of Free Chips 
* Exciting Prizes 
* Gaming Tables: 

Blackjack, Keno. Craps. 
Chuck-a-luck. Roulette. 
Poker. Wheel of Fortune 

8 pm to Midnight S2 Donation 
Open to UCSD Students. Facully. Stoff, a nd Friends 

r-WELCOME-, 
~11Wler~ 
Department of Physical Education x4037 

february 16, 1984 nliltus 7 



8 nialus februarv 16. '<)R4 


