
Hanging 
Out 

UCSD's subculture 
alDidst the euca·lypttlS 

, ) , 

i ' 
. 

A look at the transient situation 
on campus-see story, page 7. 



2 Thur..dGl. N<lI 1 1<lIH 

The Rodeo nightclub, a popular vcnu{' 
for rock and jazz bands and a favoritc 
party Spot for UC D stud{'nts, has been 
sold to a national restaurant c ham that 
will serve lunch and dmner, but plans no 
entertainment. 

According to an article appearing in 
Wednesday', an DIego Umon, the sale 
of the Rodeo to Carrow's Restaurant, Inc , 
is currentl}' m escrow and will become 
final ovember 17. After extensIve 
remodehng, the site will reopen as the 
Elephant Bar and Restaurant, and will 
c3ter to young singles and married 
couples . 

Mahavishnu Orchestra, R&B singer 
George Howard , the Plimsouls , and the 
Movtng Targets will be the last bands to 
appear at the Rodeo, performing between 
now and November 17. 

o 
A new systemwide poll of the 

University of California shows UC 
students favor Walter Mondale over 
Ronald Reagan 53% to 36% in the 
presidential race , indicating that the 
"new conservative trend" may not hold 
much weight with students. 

Jim Lofgren , director of the UC 
Student Lobby Annex , saId , "We 
conducted the poll to see if there really is 
a conservative trend developmg among 
the 18-25 age group Our results show 
that in the UC this apparently Isn't the 
case ." 

ollhern Cali forma UCs are shown 
favoring Mondale, with support shifting 
toward Reagan in the south. 

Percentages listed are for Mondale vs. 
Reagan , respectively: Berkeley, 76-2\: 
Davis , 51 -38; San Francisco , 79-14; Santa 
Cruz, 87 -11; Santa Barbara, 51 -34; 
Riverside , 43-57; Los Angeles, 44-40; 
Irvine, 27-68; and San Diego, 36-46. 

Lofgren said the poll was taken from a 
one-percent sampling of the UC student 
population. 

Students were also asked what they felt 
was the Single most important issue m 
this campaign. Students from UCB, 
UCSF, UCSC, UCSB, UCLA and UCSD 
said the nuclear arms race is most 
important. UCD and UCR were most 
concerned with leadershIp ability, and 
UCI students said that Central American 
policy is the issue of greatest concern. 

o 
A continued increase in the number of 

undergraduates enrolling at University of 
California campuses helped push the fall 
enrollment figure to its highest level yet, 
according to 1984 statistics released by 
the Office of the President. 

The headcount total for all students at 
the nine campuses was 144,598 , an 
increase of 3,499 over last fall , which also 
was a record year. 

Total undergrad uate enrollment 
increased by 2,735 students, from 
103,034 students ttl fall 1983 to 105,769 
this fall. Almost all campuses had 
increases in undergraduate enrollments. 

Ed Apodaca, director of admissions at 

UCSD. said steady growth during the 
past fIve yea rs, along with a nstng 
student retention rate , could affect thc 
Universuy's ability to accommodate as 
many studems m the future. He said a 
task force has heen set up to consider 
long-range alternatives should the 
enrollment trend co ntinue , and a 
technical commmee is studying ways to 
deal with the current problem 

Apodaca suggested several factors 
contriburmg 10 the University's growth, 
including a stead}, increase in the 
number of Asian and out-of-state 
applicants . 

But as education costs rise . a major 
factor has been and will continue 10 be 
the oppollunity to get an excellent 
education at a reasonable cost. 

"We have an excellent university that 
many people want 10 attend. And it's nm 
expensive ," he said. 

Total enrollment figures at the nine 
campuses, with 1983 figures m 
parentheses, are Berkeley 31 ,008 
(30,009). Davis 19.542 (18.969), Irvine 
12,684 (11 .908). Los Angeles 34,502 
(34.751). Riverside 4.854 (4}06), San 
Diego 14.303 (13,468). San Francisco 
3,632 (3,644), Santa Barbara 16,936 
( 16.752). and anta C ruz 7,137 (6,892). 

o 
Two workshops on semng up and 

mamtaming home aquariums will be 
held at the aquarium at UCSD's Scripps 
Institution of Oceanography on 
consecutive alUrdays. November 10 and 
17. 

Both classes WIll be held from 10 am 
to noon in the Scripps Aquarium 
classroom at 8602 La Jolla Shores Dr. on 
the Scripps campus of UC San Diego. 
Class fees are $10 per session , and each 
class is limited to 25 participants. 
Children under 14 years old must be 
accompamed by an adult. 

Both classes will be given by Bob 
Snodgrass, senior aquanst with Sc ripps 
Aquarium. 

On Saturday, Nov. LO, the workshop 
will focus on maintaining established 
freshwater and saltwater aquariu ms. 
Discussion will address selection of 
animals , plams, tanks and filtering 
systems and will cove r areas such as tank 
design and new concepts in aquarium 
maintenance. 

For registration information , contact 
Scripps Aquarium , 452-4578. 

o 
The quake "catchers" at Los Alamos 

National LaboralOty have turned up 
important new information about one of 
the country's most fascinati ng geologic 
regions after a decade of hunting 
earthquakes in New MeX ICO. 

"Our small quakes may not be making 
headlines: says Dan Cash of the Lab's 
Earth and Space Sciences Division , "but 
they make good sCIence." 

Los Alamos has established a network 
of ten earthquake-monilOring stations to 
keep tabs on what's shaking in the state , 

~----------~----------~ 
I , I -~. I n 

-r- f'\ 1"111 
'"" ~ Ii. , • I" 

" 
IIJ"'T r- ~~ - ~ ~~ ~I" II~ 

-

r ~ .... ~I L.t L.t , 
I Ji I I •• .... .. 

"" 
Il0l''' 

.... I'" • I- loll ...... : I' rt. , 
II IL PIL r." 
.., r- I O' ~ • '"i 

" 
FI 1 

I 

Cover: Not everyone goes home to a warm, comfy bed 
at the end of the day; some people go "home" to a nest 
of brush and sticks buried somewhere within the 
nooks and crannies of our university. A look at UCSO's 
transients and their unique lifestyle in the cover story, 
page 7 . 
News: Chancellor Atkinson talks casually with UCSD students, 
and people drop pumpkins from taU buildings, just for the hell 
of it. 
Opinions: Commentaries on "Reaganspeak" and how the rich 
stay rich as the poor stay poor, plus letters to the editor and 
Doonesbury. 
Perspectives: You hear a lot about how UCSD doesn't prepare 
you for the real world. Well, UCSD internships would seem to 
be the exception to the rule. Welcome to reality, and take a trip 
to Channel 39 via one student's internship. 
Sports: A double double take take on two UCSD athletic duos, 
plus water polo loses a squeaker to UC Santa Barbara. 
Hiatus: William Glover and the Drama Department's season 
debut, a talk with Brian DePalma, a Halloween poem a day late, 
plus Eatbeat, the Movie Guide , and Bob's inimitable books. 

COVER GRAPHIC BY TOM PLONKA 

one of the most earthquake-active in the 
country. 

The ten-year effort has revealed 
inuiguing new data about the Rio 
Grande Rift , an unusual geologic 
structure stretching from southern 
Colorado to nonhern Mexico. 

The Rift, highlighted by rugged 
mountain ranges , dormant volcanoes, 
picturesque mesas and scenic river 
valleys, is a region where forces deep 
within the Earth are causing the landscape 
to slowly stretch apart . The movement 
results in tiny terrestrial adjustments. 

These minor adjustments continuously 
rattle the rift with hundreds of hartnless 
tremors a year. The tremors , more like 
shivers than shakes, are called 
microquakes-small earthquakes that are 
usually unfelt except by the sensitive 
equipment in the Los Alamos seismic 
network girdling n orthern and central 
New Mexico. 

"Earthquakes are events that happen 
only once. You can't bottle or can them . 
That's why it's so important that they get 
recorded as they occur," says Cash. 

One zone forms a crescent as it curls 
its way from Dulce in the nonhern pan 
of the state, down through El Vado Lake, 
north of Cuba, to n orth of Grants. 

The other active zone stans near 
Ghost Ranch, travels south past 
Espanola, down to the east s ide of the 
Sandia Mountains , and cutS across to 

Albuquerque's West Mesa. 
By contrast, an earthquake "quiet" 

zone has been discovered in the Jemez 
mountain range. It's been attributed to 
the high temperature of the Earth's crust 
in this area. 

The Lab's sensitive seismograph 
network can record even the most 
miniscule terrestrial shudder: local 
lightning bolts , thunderclaps, sonic 
booms and mining activity. It can also 
detect earthquakes and explosions from 
anywhere in the world . 

Knowing the difference between an 
explosive charge at a coal mine and an 
earthquake is extremely important. 
Often, the quake catchers make contact 
with local industry to help eliminate false 
signals from the seismic network. 

T ips from the public are also of great 
use . The United States Geological Survey 
will even supply an eanhquake reporting 
form , since many events are very short, 
weak and localized. 

For instance, one microquake last year 
was literally pinpointed to an 
Albuquerque street intersection, where it 
went undetected to anyone not at that 
exact site. Most microqua\tes like these 
go unnoticed unless a person is right on 
top o( its epicenter, or starting point. 

Los Alamos National laboratory is 
operated by the Universiry of California 
for the Department of Energy. 

-Scan Wagstaff 

Understanding "the man in charge" 

Chancellor Atkinson 
raps with students 
By SUZANNE LIFSON 

C hancello r Richard Atkinson was in 
full form last Tuesday during an open 
discussion in which he participated at 
the International Center. About 25 
students attended and enjoyed the 
refreshments along with the chance to 
chat with the Chancellor. 

The informal discuss ion provided the 
students with an opportunity to raise 
topics of concern directly to Atkinson. 

Issues such as fundings, the college 
system and the increasing enrollme nt 
were discussed. The Chancellor 
explained in a comprehensible fashion 
the problem UCSD faces in regard to its 

fund~ , 
In the past 14 years, funding for the 

UC schools has been tight , and 1977 was 
the last time UCSD built facilities with 
state fundi ng. 

The Chancellor pOinted out that 
UCSD missed the age when funding was 
abundant. Older schools such as UCLA 
and UC Berkeley establis hed themselves 
when bUlldmg was less expensive , and 
they have already paid off their loans. 

UCSD's Ins truction a nd Research 
facilities are stare funded , but student 
facilities must come from student fee . 

The Chancellor also mentioned the 
superior quality of the UCSD faculty. 
"Our excellent faculty drives the 

institution .... (UCSD) is showing that 
we're going to make it on the excellence 
of our academics." 

On the subject of the college system, 
Atkinso n said he IS totally committed to 
the concept. He suppOrtS the different 
general education requirements and 
deems them a spectacular decision. The 
Chance llor stressed that , contrary to the 
original plan, he does not want to 
segregate students by academic interests . 
The original plan of "separate, isolated 
pods" accounts for the disorganization of 
the campus layout. 

Atkinson's big question is how the 
enrollment can increase without 
compromiSing the notion of a college. He 
and his staff are concerned about 
whether or not the college will remain 
viable if it gets too large. 

At the same time the UC system is 
lOSing public and poli tica l support 
because it must reject many students 
who apply. ThIS dilemma will have to be 
worked ou t slowly, and will be in time, 
he said. 

As a whole the chat went well. Mary 
Rose Alexander, AS vice preSident, added 
that there is a lot of misinformation 
traveling arou nd campus, and this get-
together was "a perfect opporrunity to 
ask the man in charge." 

YEARS 
AHEAD 
A Full Service Salon 

We would like to introduce to you our 
new and talented hair designt'r, 

,Laurie 
Women $10, reg, $25 
Men $8, reg. $19 
For appotntment, please call 457·2930. 
8950 Villa La 101la Dr., Suite 2120, La Jolla 
(behind EI Torito & Rodeo· directly across the ramp) 

Thursday, Nov. I, 198'/ 3 

A Muir Pumpkin Bash 

Once again, Muir College proved that pumpkins do not indeed fly. Students rushed 
to gain can~y rreats hidden within the sacrificed pumpkins. 

STOLEN 
AT THE OCTOBER 19TH T.G.I. F. 

THE BEER KING 
BANNER 

THIS BANNER IS WORTH A 
GREAT DEAL OF MONEY, IF 
NOT RETURNED TO THE A.S. 
WE WILL HAVE TO REPlACE 
THE BANNER BY PAYING 
FOR A NEW ONE OUT 0 F 
YOUR A.5. ACTIVITY FEE. 

-PLEASE RETURN-
NO QUESTIONS ASKED 



.. Thursday, Nov. 1, 1984 

'Reaganspeak' is indefensible 
By STEVEN GREEN 

At Syracuse University In New York 
last Thursday, ",hen asked a serious 
question about the rate of the poor, our 
Vice PresIdent f,lithfully responded. "I 
think they're gelling help by' a recovel)' 
that IS so stimulating." George Bush IS 
the most noteworthy VIctim of 
Reaganspcall The most pitiful victims 
had articles published In the Guardian 
last week. 

"Many arc pmud to he Americans aga in , 
a poml to fie ashamed of dunng the Carter-
Mondale years." (Maril Hoffman, The 
Guardian,' 10. 22184) 

Anyone who was ashamed of America 
during the hostage CriSIS does not have 
a clear idea of what being an American 
means. Americans stand together and 
don '( crumble under the pressures of a 
cruel world. 

Anyone who feels we were 
embarrassed in the eyes of our allies 
doesn't have any real friends. Friends 
and alltes support each other, as our 
alltes supported us. 1 won't forget the 
pnde 1 felt when Canada rescued 
several potential hostages. 1 won't forget 
the justice 1 felt when the World Coun 
condemned the Iraman Government for 
the cnmes It had committed. 

I won't forget the shame 1 felt when 
the Reagan Administration rejected the 

World Court's jurt sdlction I won't forget 
the humiharion I felt when they 
co ndemned us for the cri mes we hdd 
committed agamst international 
shippIng and the Nicaraguan people. 

Do you belittle the historic peace 
whIch Israel and Egypt achlcved? Do 
you take pride m the Syrian control of 
Lebanon? Do you feel more VIrile after 
havi ng "liberated" Grenada from 300 
Cuban Commies7 

Are we safer now that we aren't 
negotiating for arms control. much less 
reduction? Do our allies respect us? Or 
are they afraid of us? Do you know the 
difference? 

1 respeCtfully submit that 63% of the 
youth in this COU '1try support Reagan 
not because he offers us a brighter 
future . but beca use they are gullible and 
ml Informed. Reagampeall IS more than 
lettmg Reagan speak for you, It is letting 
Reagan think for you . 

'''The economy doesn't hang at the end 
of a Govcrnment stnng,' .,ald Nomwn B. 
Ture, an Assistant Tleaswy Secretary in the 
early days of the Reagan Adl11inistralloll, 
who is now a pllI'ate collsultanl. 
'Fundamentally, 1 think the economy did 
what IC was gOll1g to do. ", (New Yorh 
Times, 10124/ 84) 

From 1974-80, the United States was 

staggering under rismg innation and 
skyrocketing IntereSI rates culmmaring 
In the 12.4% and 21.5% fi gures so 
widely ad\'ertised. 

"There was good lucll /du nng Reaga n's 
terlll/ 111 the anse llcc of sttlllnlllg shorb like 
the oil price lIlaeale, I!{ Ihe 1970's, whICh 
Iglll tcd the inflat ion that 11 ('l tha Mr. Ford 
nor Mr. Cartel (o uld check " 

"EcOl1ol1l1Sts plilllarily credit declining oil 
plices and the Federal Rc!>crvc With tamlllg 
inflat io11. " (New York Tll11es , 10124 / 81 ) 

Reagan blames his predecessors for 
inflation. In fact, the entire world was 
held hostage by OPEC (the Oil annd 
Petroleum Exporting Countries) under 
the threat of embargo while they 
announced vicious price mcreases 

"Silla the Fed started to jll1e tlll1C ' thc 
economy wah a sca lpel wlten the pllme 
/'(lIe was 0.5% ( 1946), it has "CCII forced to 
usc an axe-the axc of shon teml IIlterest 
rates over (ony times Iligho , 21.5')" ill 
1980, 10 try to get t he job done. " (The 
Ol11cga Stratcgy, Wlliam MOIl/apat , 1982) 

Reagan would have us belt eve 
Mondale is responsible for high Interest 
rates. In fact, interest rates are set by the 
Federal Reserve Board whose chairman, 
Paul Volker, served under Caner and 
continues to serve under Reagan. 

"After doubling belweell 1947 and 1973, 

inflatlOn-adjtmed I11cclJan family II1LOIlIC fell 
sharply dwing the rcccssion o{ 1974-75, 
reLOl'Cred somewhat 111 1976- 79, 1I1ld Ihcn 
{ell a,ga ll1 111 1980-82 before tllrnlng up 
shghtly lasl year. " ( Lo, Al1geles Tnlles, 
10, '2518'1) 

Real income was down during the 
Ford Administration and few blame 
Nixon for that, although they blame him 
for a lot of thing£. It was up during the 
Carter Admimstration and fewanribute 
thaI to Ford. I<caganspean tells us to 
blame Mondale for our economi woes. 
That's propaganda , not fact . 

With the notable exception of 
defense contractors, most Americans 
were hurting under Reaganomics until 
changes in the taX code and deficit 
spending began to have an impacr 
Record -breaktng deficit spending and 
record-breaking tax cuts deserve credit 
for spurring record-breaking, albeit 
predictable , growth . Unfortunately, once 
Ihe impact of lax reform has reached a 
steady state, and that toc1udes the 
elTects of indexing, we will be stuck 
with the deficit. 

In 1980, Reagan promised us a 
balanced budget. During his term in 
office, he borrowed as much mane), as 
> CONTINUED ON PAGE 5 ) 

n~frfr~rr~n<erru<err~n~llit~rr~n~frfr®rr~n®fr~~rr~n®(ill®rr~n®frfr®rr~n®llit~rr~nceilitcerr~n<efrfrc:err~ncefctt<elr~nce 
fr®rr$lettersll~ilitcerr~n<ellit®rr~ll®~fr®rr~n®fr~®rr~n®frfr®rr~n®llit®rr~ll(f;frfrce;rr~nc:eilit<elr~llcefdtcerr~n<efrfr® 
rr~ll<efrfr®lJ~ll®frfrcerr~n®frfr®rr~ll®ttlt®JJ~n~ttti:®rr~ll®frtt®JJ~n®frfr®rr~n®frfr®lf~n<ellitcerr~n®llitcelf~llceilitcerr 
He gets the point 
Editor: 

This lener is 10 rebuttal to Ms. 
Barbara Arnold's furious letter last week. 
I could also lOquire , Ms. Arnold , how 
the "hell" your trite, uninformed 
personal bitch sessIon also reached print 
~s well. But, that is beside the point. 

The point is that it is painfully 
obvious that you lack the knowledge 
concerning the purpose of The Guardian . 
Unlike many other school newspapers, 
The Guardian seeks to find more 
interesting angles of life than scores, bits 
of news and world weather conditions. I 
suggest you find the nearest available 
resting place, open your obviously closed 
mind and read a different opinion 

I found Alicia Ago's anic1e a light, 
interesting portrayal of the humanity of 
our spons teams. Sports is more than 
hitting a ball several times a day, 
calling it another game and gOlOg 
home to sleep. As for "wild excursion," 
Ms. Arnold? Perhaps you've never heard 
of Uis Vegas, but It is known commonly 
as the city which never sleeps. I ftn~ It 
hard to believe that you would stay tn 
your room berween games and Ignore 
the sights , sounds and fun of an 
unknown environment. Or, perhaps It 
suffices you to really brainstorm over 
those dilTicult concepts presented in 
those intense plots o(Th ree's Company 
reruns on the motel television. 

You mention that you don't thmk Ms. 
Agos has played intercollegiate SpOrts. 
Well, Ms. Arnold , "apparently" you've 
never learned how to have fun . It is 
quite obvious that you take life very 
seriously. You're probably one of those 
who have a sign hanging in her room-
"It's nOt how you play the game- It's 
winning that COUnts" or somethlOg 
similar. Yes, Ms. Arnold , the Tritons lost. 
However, instead of followmg your lead 
and drowning their sorrows in pitiful 

rhetoric, bitter and depresssed, they 
deCIded to go out and have a little fun. 
Please forgive them for being human- it 
seems as though that doesn't mean 
much in your books. Ms. Agos found an 
unusual and enlightening angle on the 
us Vegas match . To me, it shows that 
our sports teams are companions on 
and 01T the coun-that volleyball isn't all 
that maners. Volleyball is a game which 
requires a great deal of teamwork-
when -it is showed that they can be 
friends on and 01T that coun, I feel that 
we have a winntng team in the truly 
competitive sense of the term. I think 
we have a great women's volleyball team-
let's hope that the softball team can some-
day demonstrate the winning atmosphere 
that the volleyball team has acquired. 

Patrick S. Duffy 

Packard a panderer 
Editor. 

Will a sub-minimum wage for 
teenagers employed during the summer 
create more jobs? Representative Ron 
Packard of the 43rd Congressional 
DIstrict evidently th10ks so. He is the 
co-sponsor of proposed federal 
legislation that would allow employers of 
youth up to age 20 to pay them $2.50 
per hour rather than the $3.35 per hour 
mmimum wage currently in effect. 
Pa kard contends that his legislation 
would create 400,000 new jobs and 
reduce teenage unemployment. 

This legislation is ill-conceived . 
Rather than creating new jobs, the sub-
mmlmum wage plan would displace older 
workers earning hIgher wages, driving 
them OntO the welfare rolls paId for with 
your tax dollars. Packard's suppOrt of 
this fi scally Irresponsible legislation is 
transparently pohtical. Low-wage 
exploiters are among the biggest 
finanCIal contributors to hIS cilmpulgn 
Moreover, thl~ freshman Icgl~lator I~ in 

danger of losing the youth vote. He has 
conSistently voted against proposals to 
assist srudents and improve the quality 
of education. The respected National 
Education Association has flunked Mr. 
Packard, giving him a zero rating on his 
educational voting record in Congress. 
Rather than improving the economic 
prospects for youth, Mr. Packard has 
conSistently worked to reduce them. 

During his brief tenure in Congress, 
Mr. Packard has established an 
unsurpassed record of political 
pandering to special interests. This 
politically-inspired election-year low-
wage proposal is only anohter sad example 
of his legislative irresponsibility. 

Professor Steven Erie 

Give new Farms a chance 
Editor: 

The original Blackborse Farms 
proposal is dead , voted down 9"() at the 
City Council meeting lo September. The 
reason was simply that the City Council 
did not feel that that panicular project 
at that particular location was 
desperately needed enough by the 
whole community to warrant a 
precedent-sening, special case zoning 
for which the entire Ui Jolla Community 
Plan would have had to have been 
amended. Unless overwhelming need 
for zoning changes is presented, the 
Council does not like to alter the plans 
it took officials months and sometim:!s 
years to d!!sign for San Diegans' benefit. 
Funhermore , UCSD had not conceived 
the plan , would not offJclally usc the 
entire project for any percentage of time 
and would not guarantee to pay for the 
ten ~tree t changes necessa ry for that one 
developers plan . The welghl of responsi-
hiltty would fall on luck and taxpayer . 

'I here I~ a huge dilference berween 
commercial faCIli ties on land zoned tor 
LOmmcrclal u~e ,1Ild on land zoned 

strictly for residential use. The land in 
question is zoned for residential use 
and UCSD has never asked that it be 
anything else. The stables were there on 
a variance. Those of us who adjoin the 
site in question have already 
compromised on the density we would 
be willing to accept in order to accom-
modate the developer's substantial point. 

Don't fool you~lves into believing 
that the commercial facilities which 
might have been there under the old 
plan would have been priced to suit 
your budgets. Remember that the project 
included an executive conference 
center, the rates of which were high 
enough to exclude usc by most 
university conferees. Residents of that 
particular project would have used it as 
well, driving up the price levels. 
Unfortunate, but true. 

If you feel you need more commercial 
facilities and can actually support the 
merchants, work through Pat Collum's 
office. Ask for a central location on 
campus and work with facts. Note that 
on page A2 of The La Jolla Light of 
10/25/ 84, there was a notice that the 
UC Regents have aRocated nearly $40 
million dollars for UCSD capital 
Improvements. Perhaps you'll get better 
facilities and a bener location by 
working through the campus since it is 
the campus, not the developers, who are 
legaRy and morally responsible for your 
well-bei ng. 

Give the new Blackhorse Farms plan 
a chance. It's due this week. The entire 
La Jolla-University City group of 
planners will hopefully have a chance to 
review it as well. The San Diego 
Planntng Depanment will study it. The 
media will study it. Taxpayer expense , 
community planning, traffic generation 
and mitigation costS for such traffic will 
be balanced agatnst the developer's 
protit margins It should be Intere~.ttng! 

Patricia Hasse 

Reaganspeak 
( CONTINUED FROM PAGE 4 < 
all thl: presidents before him, corrbined 
AI Ihe end of a second Reagan lam, the 
defiCIt will exceed $2.3 rrillion . Thal'~ 23 
followeu by II zeros That $10,000 for 
every man , woman and child in rhe 
United Stales! That's $500 for every hu-
man beingol1 Earth!! Reagan won't be pay-
ing that back; we will , plus interest! 

Bush was correct In 1980 when he 
called it "v00<.100 economics" Reagan 
simply ImJcd Ihe innalion of YPslerday 
for Ihe deficlIs of tad,,),. For a 
signtftcant portion of Reagan's tenn , the 
economy was in bad shape, With Ihe 
notable exception of those who 
succumb 10 ReagaPlSpcak, there are few 
people who hlame it on the previous 
admi nsitration's "failures." ThaI Mondale 

wa~ responsible is' Imply not !rue. 
"Excluding ninth -ral1ned Hughes 

Aircraft . which II plivately held and so nol 
Icquired to report it proJII~ and IQ.\ 
l'''l)'ments, the top 12 American llIi1itCllY 
contra[tor, patd $296 million ill Federal 
II1cOl11e {(IX and reported more than $19 
nillioll In profits III Ihe tl1/('e yC(lJ'~ / 1981-
83!, tht' sttuly jiltll1d. ThI'll' average t~x rate 
WtlS 1.5% (//1 the reported profit s." (New 
York TIIIlCS, 101 /(184) 

Ob eene. untaxed corporate profits 
are JUSt the tip of the iceberg. Afler three 
and one-half years of Reagan , the 
trickle-down corollary 10 supply-side 
economic theory is finally dead . The 
fact is when wealthy people receive tax 
breaks, Ihey become wealthier. There is 
no eVIdence to suggest that their 
becoming wealthier helps those who are 
becoming poorer 

"Tile tendency jor inequality ill inco lllc 
til gellemte even greater mequahty in 

... And the poor get poorer 
By JAMES RALPH PAPP 

A new game has become popular 
among the rich. Like mountain climbing 
it involves some exciting risks (although 
not !O the people who initiate it); like 
big game huming, it wreaks a great deal 
of very picturesque havoc; and unlike 
yachting, or polo, or automobile racing, 
it costs nothing at all, in fact it saves the 
rich money. The object of the game is to 
test what point to which we can cut 
welfare and other benefits of the poor 
before they begIn dying, and when we 
cross thar POlllt, the game IS over, and 
the rich people have won . 

Of co urse the poor never really 
wamed to palticipate in this new sport 
in the first place, but that is not a 
decision left to people who have no 
money, no influence, who are disabled 
or mentally handicapped , who are . 
women whose husbands or boyfriends 
have left them with children and no 
support, After all , none of the conditions 
that made them poor in the first place 
were their choices. None wished to be 
unemployed or unemployable, none 
wished to be the subject of job and 
wage discrimination , and none wished 

to be abandoned by her family with a 
family now of her own to support. The 
commentators who tty to make us 
believe that the poor want to be poor 
have never been poor in their lives. 
CommentatOrs come from comfortable 
families , are given good educations and 
are born with a special talent , and a 
marketable one . Because they come from 
comfonable families, have been given 
good educations and were born with a 
special talent, they find it dIfficult to 
believe that nOt everyone was, and they 
tend to criticize those who were not. 
Accldems of birth have no place to the 
rules of the game. 

President Reagan likes horseback 
riding, and he likes to swim in HawaII , 
but he has been enthusiastically playing 
this new game as well. He tried to put 
through a rule that families on welfare 
would only be allowed less than a 
thousand dollars worth of possessions, 
besides a car, and then he showed 01T 
to reponers his new thousand-dollar 
pair of boots. But he scored an even 

£...> __ C_O_N_T_IN_U_E_D_0_N_PA_G_E,-6 ____ ) 

E ELARIO'S 
P _ PRESENTS 

MONDAY NIGHT 
FOOTBALL 

See all the action~ ___ ~ ____ --,"", 
on our giant 
TV screen 

459-0541 . 
E1ARIO'S REST AURAN1' 
7955 La Jolla Shores or 

wealth slCII11 frolll the fad that neil p.:oplr 
olVn 1lI 0st of thc wealth thai really 
ClIl4lltl-wcalth that produces II1 cvme. " 
(L(I, A IIgclcs Tlmcs, 10125184) 

ReagallSpcak inslrucls you 10 heheve 
Ihal there is nOthing unfair aboul letting 
the honest. hard-working millionaires 
put their money to work in order 10 
help our economy grow. What IS the 
result tn human term,? 

"Last year, the poverty rate reached Its 
Iligh est level since 1965' 15.2% of the 
pop ulatio ll , pr 35.3 1I11111On people. 

"Mcal1whlle , the l1umber of millilln -dollar 
InCO ll1eS, while S 111 a II, 11carly dOli bled [rolll 
1980 III 1982, from 4,414 to 8,404 , 
accor'ding to the 11I0st recent reports .from 
the Internal Revel1ue Selvlce. Thn.lc 
Americans saw their effcctive tax rares CU I 
{or I11 nrc than the rares of 10wer-in(ol11c 

1I1UCtIIOMY. UA 
1IIfX!rJN. PEFfcrrs. 
7IfilAMJI5T 5(H; 

J f' TIlE MIIf!5"-_1IIJ!iH __ 
._CW1!l_ 
tA_-Jr.-

F 

Thursday, Nov I, 1984 5 

taxpayers , and the LutS reduced their 
QI'frClge tax bills hy $122,812 .. (New York 
Tlll1es, 10124/ 84 ) 

Don'r be fooled by Reagallspeahers, 
Mondale's tax plan is more fai r than 
Reaga n's deficits. The plan won't 
increase evel)'one's taxes by $1,800. It 
won't raise the amount paid by those 
fami lies whose income IS below $25 ,00, 
and thar's the majority in this country. 
Large increases will occur for the highest 
income brackets of which Reagan, Bush, 
Mondale and Ferraro are all members. 

In contrast, Reagan doesn't even have 
a plan. 

" 'We were all pretty disheartened 
about what Reagan sa id in the first 
debate r that the deficit problem would 
> CONTINUED ON PAGE 6 ) 

NAVAL OFFICER CAREER OPPORTUNITIES 
AND 

SCHOlARSHIP PROGRAMS 
NAVY OFFICER RECRUITERS WILL BE ON CAMPUS ON OCTOBER 23.ATTHE PLACEMENT 

OFFICE TO DISCUSS NAVY CAREER AND SCHOlARSHIP PROGRAMS 

FULL SCHOlARSHIPS 
NUCLIAR ENGI", 

OPERAnNG ENGINEER: PrImary responsibilit ieS Include SUperviSIon 01 operatIng nuclear p ropulSion 
systems on submallnes and surface shIps 
DESIGN/ RESEARCH ENGINEER: WOI1""1g on Nuclear Reactor's staff In WashIng Ion. DC In me planning, 
testing a nd deSign fields of tomorrow's nuclear powered shipS 
PIOFESSIONAI. INSTRUCTOII: leaching the malh. c hemistry, phYSICS and englneemig aspects of nuclear 
engIneering to hIghly matlvoted. Intelligent students on both the graduale and undergraduate levels 
SCHOlAllSHIPS AVAILAIlE TO: ExceptIona l students In Engineering and Science malors dUring their Junior 
and SenIOr years With S1.OCXJ per month while In school 

HWTH PROFESSIONS SCHOlARSHIPS 

HEAlTH PROfESSIONS SCHOlAI!SHIPS F'ROGIIAM: SchOiorShlps avo liable ai acc redited 
Medical/OsteopathiC schools In the United Slates. thai pay tull tUItion. boOks fees. Plus a monthly 
Stipend SpecIalty traIning avollable 

CAREER OPPORTUNITIES 
NAVAl AVIATOR/RIGHT OFFICER 

Fly )els, Turbo-prop 0/ Rotary wing aircraft. learn 10 fly the WOIld 's mOllsoph llllcated 
aircraft. No prevloul experience nec:euary. 

SUPPLY/FISCAL OFFICER 

NoWI bullne .. apecIaU",. Executn.. level dUlleI In purchallng, Financial Management, 
Compute, mt-ml and oilier bullne .. relaled areal. 

NAVY RECRUITING DISTRICT 
SAN DIEGO (619) 29~746 



6 Thul1day, Nov. 1, 1984 

The poor 
< CONTINUED FROM PAGE 5 . < 
bigger point bi reducing benefits to the 
poor to uch an extent that the mfant 
monality rate rose . 

Do nor worry about haVing an 
abonion : President Reagan will let your 
baby die after it has been born. 
Somehow he and his admimstration 
have decided that abomng the fetus in 
the womb IS murder, and that lemng It 
starve or die of sickness or disease In 
the first year of its life is-what? 
Pragmatic reasoning? The just reward for 
not haVing been born nch or middle 
cla s7 All part of the game? 

Unfo rtunately. the PreSident does not 
reahze that the game IS now o\·er. He 
has won , the poor, the mothers 
ab.lndoned by their husbands or 
bo)'fnends, wl[h children or 
pregnancies, have lost. There was never 
really any doubt about the outcome. 
Reagan's team, buslne~smen , la\\yers, 
developers, millionaires , has won one 
for the Glpper, the man whom everyone 
likes, the man whom thousands of 
dead bahles never got the c hance to 
hate. Thei r mothers wanted them, 
onsclenllously brought them to term , 

and the charming old gentleman 
allowed them to die slowly (it 's the 

American way), and wants more babies 
to take the same chan e, rather th an 
leuing their hves be prevented. 

ot wanllng the Ea temers La have all 
the fun , Califo rnia has invented its own 
version of the game, whi h we call 
Propositton 41. For too long we have 
been embarrassed that we have tried to 
reduce poven y, that we have tried to get 
nd of It altogether. Being ri h h s come 
ba k IntO fashion , and how can we tell 
that we are rich without there bei ng 
poor people with whom to compare 
ourselves? Thus PropOSition 4l , in 
which we wtll reduce our help of the 
poor drastically (tt IS, is it not. their fault 
that they are poor in the first place?) , IS 
an expenmelll to see how far we can re-
duce I[ until poor people beglll d 'ing. The 
expenmem should be a success; people 
\\'iII begin dYing soon after II IS pas. cd . 

Proposllion 41 reduce~ prevcnllvc 
medlcme. We cenalllly do not want to 
encourage poor people to get Sl k, but 
\w do not want to do an)'thmg to stop 
II Suc h a reducllon means that the), will 
get Sick, that many Will d lc. It also 
means (and here we have been beaten 
at our own game) that treating the 
medi al problems that have not been 
pre"ented will send our health care 
costs skyrockenng bc),ond an)' expenses 
we have now. This slap on the wrist to 
encourage poor people to stop living in 
poveny will COSt us a grea t deal of 
mane),. It will cost the poor much life 

and human misery. Ir Propos ition 41 
passes, it Wi ll be difficult to see who has 
won the game. 

Of o urse the real poim of the 
Federal government wanting to cut its 
help to the poor IS to make state 
governments take over that help; and 
the real point of tates cumng their help 
to the poor is to make cities and 
counties take it over. In thc end thc 
same taxpayers pay for it, spendmg the 
same amount 01 mo ney, unless they 
prefer to see those they had been 
helping die of malnutrition (what, in 

Reaganspeak 
I 

\ CONTINUED FROM PAGE 5 7 \ 
take care of itself! : o ne OMB offiCial said, 
'If I wcre Stockman I Reagan's Dlrecror of 
OMBI . I would have sIll m)' wrists oller 
that.' " 

"'The mam thing wc're dOI~g IS 
waiting for the election to be over: 
anOl hcl' OMB otncial SJid . The fear of 
leaks IS cnormous. The leclmg i~ that, if 
we don't put anything on paper. we don't 
have anything to lea k.' " 

It 's not fair to transfer the cost of 
running today's governme l1l onto the 
next generation, espec ially conSidering 
that large corporations and the ultra-rich 
do nOi pay their share of taxes while 

Amen a1) and Ickness with no one 
aid ing them but a few who realize the 
only reason they dese rve to die is that 
they do not have the money to prove 
otherwise. 

These attempts by Federal and tate 
governments always just shift the burden 
from one tax form to another, but what 
happens in the meantime? A lot of 
peo ple who were denied prevent ive 
medicine have their live s ravaged and 
ruined by illness, and the safety net 
misses a few thousand babies who are 
small e nough to fall through its holes. 

reaping the benefits of deficit spend1l1g. 
It doesn't make sense for the youth in 
thi s country to suppOrt Reagan: We are 
that next generation. 

I respectfully resubmit that 63% of the 
youth in th i~ COLI ntry support Reagan not 
because he offers us a brighter future , but 
because they are gullible and 
mis informed . Reagan has twisted histo ry 
to advance hi s political cause. In the pro-
cess. a tragic number of people are drunk 
with his fantas ies. They stagger against 
the graVity of reality and spit up Reaga n's 
campaign rhetoric as if it were true . 

"My motber used to say you have to 
close your mouth he fore your mind will 
work." (Geraldine Ferraro. LA Times, 
10/ 30/ 84) i~ 

VOle Mondale-Ferraro on November 6. 
You'll respect yourself in the morning. 

Your 6th ticket is half price, 
12th is FREE on Southwest Airlines! 

Here's a 6 Pack your mom will be happy to pay for: A Southwest 
Airlines' 6 Pack Discount Ticket Book 

Simply explain you'd love to come home more often, and 
Southwest has this great deal for college students. She'll get the hint. 
~ Here's how it works: 

'--- • Make one simple payment, and 
receive a 6 Pack or 12 Pack Discount 
Ticket Book, good for travel to any 
of our scheduled Southwest cities_ 

• Pay only for 51f2 tickets with the 6 
Pack, or 11 tickets with the 12 Pack. 
The rest is on us. 

• If you're 21 years of age or younger 
(does not apply to unaccompanied 
children between the ages of 5 and 
12), you can fly anytime day or 
night for our lowest fare (usually 
our Pleasure Class fare). 

• Tickets are good for one full year 
from date of purchase, and unused 
tickets in Ticket Books are refund-
able prior to the expiration date. 

• Ticket Books may be purchased at 
your local Southwest counter, 
or through your travel agent. A 
valid 1.0. proving your age will 
be required when traveling. 

Six of one, a dozen of the other, with a Southwest Airlines' Discount Ticket Book and a 
home-cooked meal,you're home free. For additional infonnation and an order fonn, write: 
Southwest Airlines 
P.O. Box 97393 
Dallas, Texas 75397 
Or call your travel 
agent. We're keeping fares low 

and spirits high! 

Thursday, Nov. J, 198.. 7 
. NE~ 

. . 

Cover story 

Transients find a home in UCSD 
By ANDREA HARMON 

If you've ever jogged on one of UCSO's 
eucalyplus grove cross country trails, you 
may have run across someone sleeping 
or found a transient's empty sleeping 
place. 

Chuck Milligan, a detective with the 
UCSD police, noted four areas Ihat are 
panicularly appealing to transients. "On 
a scale of one to ten , the wooded area 
behi nd the new Institute of the Americas 
is an eight," he said. 

Other hot spots include the parking 
101 and surrounding vegetation south of 
Ihe Medical School by Villa LaJolla and 
La Jolla Village Dnve, the Glider Port, and 
Black's Beach. Transients also frequent 
dorms, unlocked buildings such as the 
Basic Science Building, and obscure 
bathrooms. 

Many of the ·slee~rs" have "nowhere 
to go and no money to get there," 
earning them the nickname "resident 
transients," said Detective Milligan. If 
resident transients are discovered, they 
are always contacted by the police but 
not cited, simply because they are not 
violating any ordinances. What is illegal, 
however, is to sleep in cars parked on 
the street, and anyone doing so wiD 
receive a city citation. 

Milligan said the officers usually just 
note among themselves that a particular 
transient is back. 

One '·nest" is across from the Mobil station. 

If a new sleeper is di scovered by 
campus police, a field interrogation is 
made. The officer gets the person's 
name, address (if one exists). identity 
and intentions, and then tells him to 
"move along." 

"Because UCSD has an open campus 
policy, there is nothing we Ithe poUcel 
can do except man itor them," Milligan 
said . 

Sleeping in vegetation is the most 
common problem reco rded by the police. 
Also prevalent in police records is 
transients sleeping in unlocked vehicles, 
sleeping in UCSD buildings, and 
instances of vandalism. There is little 
soliciting. 

Detective Milligan said the UCSD 
police department has no panicular 
plans for curbing the transient problem 
because of UCSD's policy of an open 
campus. He did say, however, that UCSO 
students must be aware that the 
transients are here. 

"UCSD is not a utopia. Students are 
much too trusting. Transients make their 
living by stealing, and students are vety 
trusting," he said. "If everyone's gone at 
lunchtime in the donns-that's quite 
inviting. 

"If a student sees a transient or any 
suspicious person, he or she should nor 
hesitate to call the police department . 
We will send an officer to contact the 
transient. It sends the message- the 
police department is in contact with you 
[the transient1 and knows about you," he 
added. 

* * * 
"George" has been a transient for six 

years, and told of the rwo basic types of 
transients he has seen living on the 
UCSO campus. One, not as common, 
picks UCSD as strictly a place to spend 
the night. These transients are not as 
clean and tend to resemble people living 
downtown rather than UCSO students. 
There are also resident transients who 
shift between UCSD and another 
campus, but keep UCSD as son of a 
home base. 

The second type tends to be a burnt-
out intellectual living alongside society, 
not in it. These people tend to be 
college-age or a little older, better 
dressed , and clean enough, as George 
says, to "fade into the surroundings." 

This kind of transient doesn 't want to 
be detected , because it "takes away thei r 
security. They stay shy of any 

THE FUTURECOPV PlACE 
WELCOMES BACK 

STUDENTS a r CULlY 

4 1A ( 
Self Service Copies 

Mon .• ThUll. • am •• pm 
fri .• am· 6 pm 

Sat. 10 am • 5 pm 
SUn. 12 noon • 5 pm 

THE FUlURECOPV PlACE 

According to campus police, the transients are not responSible for any major crime on campus. 

encounters, even among themselves 
because they don't want any public 
profile. They want to be part of the 
scenery," added George. 

George lived in the UCSD eucalyptus 
groves without transportation and 
"nothing more than a duffie bag." The 
eucalyptus groves are "strangely safe, 
because with all the bark on the ground, 
no one can sneak up on you without 
making an incredible amount of noise." 

If there were a light, unexpected rain , 
George would sleep on the third floor 
outside of Central Library. If the rain 
were heavy, AP&:M or any computer 
room would be used , the only problem 
being that the individual would have to 
"give an appearance of belonging. 
Sleeping with your head in your arms in 
front of a terminal with a couple of 
notebooks scattered arou nd usually 
works." 

George estimated that ten people are 
living out in the woods now, with about 
15-20 having lived there preViously. -

For shower facilities they use the gym 
or the basement of Urey Hall , which is 
technically used for washing persons 
with acid burns. 

"The only problem with that [Urey 
Hall I is that it's usually cold water and a 
lot of ttmes you don't have a IOwel , so 
you have to use paper towels." he said. 

George tried to work to get enough 
money to eat out; he could never bring 
food back to cook o r eat where be slept 
because of the an i mals. "La Jolla throws 
away a high percentage of food . If I was 

EATING 
DISORDERS 

ever tight on money, it was not too 
difficult to get food . Trash bins are called 
salad bowls. The food thrown away in La 
Jolla is of a high quality," George said, 
adding that he didn't need to scrounge 
often, "maybe six times in six years." 

When asked why he and others lived 
like this, he said there were as many 
reasons as people living the life. 

"Many are the 60s get-back.to-nature 
types, living out there as part of the 
hippie exploration. Others have rejected 
SOCiety-returned Vietnam vets , 
alcoholics, people far too bright for their 
own good-just watching society and 
not participating in it, and those with a 
conscious decision to be a transient. 

"Some transients that live alongside 
society and not in it see a college as an 
ideal place to do th is. Colleges have 
preViously been places where society is 
challenged or rejected. Now, however, 
there are fewer of the romantic or 
Berkeley drugged-out types. Romance 
fades fast living in the woods after being 
caught in your first rain ," George said. 

Stealing, soliCiting and vandalism 
occur at UCSD, but there do not tend to 
be bums or beggars on campus. George 
said this is because "begging and stealing 
are high-profile . Flat·out derelicts are not 
here, either. because they wouldn't fade 
into the crowd. That's more for 
downtown or Berkeley. UCSD is more 
likely to have people who are college-age 
and nicer-and cleaner looking." 

> CON'riN-UEO ON PAGE 9 > 

CAN BE FA TAL 
CAN BE TREATED 

The Eating Disorders Program at 
Alvarado Parkway Institute is the 
oldest and most experienced 
program for the treatment of 
Anorexia Nervosa and Bulimia 
in San Diego County. 

• Specialized In-
Hospital Unit 

• Evening Treatment Program 
• Individual Nutritional 

Counseling 
• Family Intervention Assistance 

~ALVARADO PARKWAY INSTITUTE (818) 465-4411 
7050 Parkway Drive, La Mesa, Calif. 92041 

1 
i 
I 
, 
I 
: 



8 Thursday, 01'. I, 19811 

Transients 
CONTINUED FROM PAGE 7 < 

Stealing is necessary mostly if the 
transient does drugs or alcohol and must 
support his habit; oth~rwisc , It 'S fairly 
easy to get by without stealing, George 
said . 

La Jolla and UCSD attract transients 
and others because both are fairly safe 
and well-to-do. 

"As long as UCSD remains a campus 
of strangers, it will be easy for transients 
10 fit in . With 13.000 strangers it's real 
easy to walk in . There is not a sense of 
camaraderie among transients , either, 
because of the distance that it is 
necessary 10 maintain. If you are known 
on campus. you have 10 be worried . The 
more questions a person asks-what 
classes are you taking, what's you major, 
where do you live-the harder it is for 
transients to pass themselves off as" 
college students, and the more paranoid 
transients become. You have 10 be a con-
artist to be a transient, but you also have 
to be paranoid. 

"La Jolla is an artificial Shangri-La. It 
has a high level of permissiveness, 
arrogance and security that transients 
playoff of. Why not live in LaJolia 
instead of downtown? So many people 

want 10 be listened 10 , paid allention 10 
in LaJolla , that if you're a good 
conversationalist you an get taken out to 
dinner or get Jobs really easily. 

"If you need a nde somewhere , ask 
someone if they could drop you o ff at a 
particular car dealership . Walk in and 
out of the dealership and tell the person 
who gave you the nde , 'Oh , my car isn 't 
ready yet. but it will be in a couple of 
hours: and you've gotten your ride 10 
wherever you needed to go. 

"Students are too trusting. Transients 
can station themselves where a 101 of 
students pass and say, 'Hey, I parked my 
car at the meters , I have a class right 
now, and I don't have any change . Could 
you lend me some~' A transient could 

probably make $20 in a short time. 
"There are certain things you have to 

accept if you're going to be a transient. 
It's a different lifestyle. You have to 
accept that you're going to be alone You 
can't be greganous and be a tranSient 
Once things start making sense. or you 
ever sense a purpose in life, you'll give it 
up. You'll stop if you don't want to die 
alone. It takes a lot of time and effort to 
hustle, and you have such a high 
paranOia level thaI it's just easier to live 
inSide society. 

"On college campuses you become 
age-consciOUS. The population is not 
getting older, but you are. The older you 
are , the harder it IS 10 pull it off ]Iooking 
like a student] . You can try and look like 

The transients tend to live under Irees and brush. 

SOL 
Brothers. 

••••••••••••••••• • ••••••••• 
• • • • • • 
• • • • • • • • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • : : 
• • • • 
• • • • 
• • : : 
• • 
• • : : 
i OKAY, YOU'RE COOL ! i BUT HAVE YOU GOT SOL? i 
: 'rtw do now, and cheap--only $4.00 for your Sol Brothers T-shirt, muscle shirt, : 
: tank top or tank top with lace trim (generally for ladies), 'rtwr Sol will also cost you : 
• another $1,00 or 10% of your total order, whichever is greater, for postage and • 
: handli~. (But don't worry, with your new Sol Imported Beer shirt, you'll get a lot : 
• mMOOII~.) • 
: The Sol Brothers· are red and yellow (with black shades), and the shirts come in : 
• any color as long as it's white, Sizes are 5-M-L-XL. Send the coupon and your check • 
: or money order to ''Sol Brothers Offer," P.O. Box 29139, Portland, OR 97229-0139. : 
: Offer expires January 31, 1985, Allow four weeks for delivery. (The Sol Train : 
• moves easy.) • 
• • : T·SHIRT(QTY & SIZE) S_ M_ L_ XL _ TANKTOP S_ M_ L_ XL_ : 
: MUSCLE SHIRT S_ M_ L_ XL _ LADIES TANK TOP S _ M_ L_ XL _ : 
: SHIP TO : 
: ADDRESS : 
: : 
• • 
• • • • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• Q .4 Moctezuma Impo'", Inc 6 9 • 
• • 
••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

Thursday, Nov I, 1984 9 

a casual professor, but that's harder. You 
don't have 50-year-old transients in La 
Jolla." 

George added that there are also 
"temporary transients ," or young people , 
many times from a foreign country, who 
had enough money to get to the US and 
to California and who are now working 
hard in order 10 live in LaJolla, "an 
addicting place 10 live." 

There are twO other groups which 
George does nOt consider transients. 
People who are "crashing" (sleepmg) In 
cars, buildings or, like ,Bill (a friend of 
George's) , in a dorm's study carroll, are 
doing so out of necessity. 

"It. is a conscious decision. I have to 
do th is. A transient says, 'I want to do 
this .' These people are forced out of 
necessity, be it through lack of housing 
or money, and therefore aren't true 
transients," sa id George. 

The other group of non-transiems are 
"high school-age rowdies" who vandalize 
and cause trouble. 

"It's easy for a community to blame 
transients for any problems. But they 
] high schoolers] are not transients. Some 
transients do steal and cause trouble, but 
not all. Most want to avoid society, not 
be a part of it. 

''Transients are embarrassing," George 
concluded. "It says the community has 
enough waste for others to live on 
comfonably. That's a high-waste society." 

~ff&r 
DESIGNS 

PERMS HAIRCUTS 

$19" $695 
INCLUDES SHAMPOO & 

CONDITIONER ONL Y 

OPEN SUNDAYS 
UNIVERSITY TOWNE CENTER 

455-14. 

PRE ..... RAnON FOR: 

GMAT· LSAT. GRE 
m DIego eerier 
2180Gamet 2D 

R:c11t Bea::h,CA 92109 
(619)27()'6810 

MoL t.tN.JIy, .Ad'nhishctor 
Cl.A$ES OII~ 

l~ 
.. 



10 Thursday, Nov. J. J 98 .. 

Assignment: real world 

By LAURIE VOLKIN 
Many of us this year are entering our 

final phase, our last step in the senior 
year at UCSD. For some. the road leads 
into graduate/ professional school; for 
others who are not as anxious to study 
again full-time , there is the real world of 
work. Those who are left. undecided but 
intrigued with a sense of excitement and 
adventure, might consider the 19H 
diagonal world of boxed images. or in 
other words, the "picture perfect" world 
of television 

I was captivated and entranced by TV, 
whether it was watching endless hours of 
Bewitched or listening to Walter Cronkite 
talk about the national deficit or Reagan's 
vacation plans to Santa Barbara. Local 
news, in particular. always had a 
magnetic appeal by informing me daily 
about San Diego law courtS, current 
daytime temperatures and the latest 
Padres score. I was always amazed at 
how bright and cheerful newscasters 
appeared-never a wrmkle or dark Circle 
under their eyes. always a permanent 
smile au ached on their faces, even when 
discussing San Diego's three-month 
weather span of thunderstorms and rain. 

"No immediate relief is seen for the 
next four months," reported the local 
weatherman, still smili ng and pointing to 
the weather chart with an umbrella 
instead of a pointer. I found no humor 10 
this, and quickly turned channels only to 
find the next set of newcasters engaging 
m annoying chit-chat about how hard it 
has been raining outside . Thank you, I 
thought to myself, as if I didn't know this 
already. 

Who were these starry-eyed humans 
that presented local news to us, anyway? 
They certamly were not natives from 
California, or they would know better 
than to have such perfectly shaped and 
styled hairdoes With our Santa Ana winds 
occurring monthly 

Daily I became more curious about the 
production , content and broadcast of 
local news. Researching all poSSibilities 
of how I could enter a local newsroom . I 
found that UCSD offered internships 
With every local news station In San 
Diego. This way I could not only 
experience working in a real newsroom, 
but gain hands-on experience with 
equipment. assist wnh wriring news 
stories and make some contacts for 
future ploys. 

The next week I walked into Chan nel 
39 as an assistant to the assignment 
news edi tor. From the minute I saw the 
huge carved leners of 39 Alrve, I felt an 
environment of electric intenSity, one In 
which professtonalism was the key to 
success. 

I was nO! in my shelte red world of 
college anymore , where my main 
concern for the day is to rnollvate for 
class or remember to take a pencil with 
me, but in the "real" world of work and 
professionals. 

No more UCSD backpacks and Levis , 
but SUits , Jackets and skirts . Everybody'S 
hair was neatly trimmed, combed or 
pulled back In sophl~tlcated -Iooklllg 
bun QUlle a sho k from the college look 
of long frizzy hair or the pink and blue 

highhght~ I had ~een Even the 
conversations m the newsroom had an 
air of formahty, an adult approa h My 

radical UCSD jargon was in for a real 
change. 

Instantly, I was overwhelmed by all the 
TVs that were systematically lined up on 
the walls, all in color and all tuned into 
different stations. Quite different from 
the small video rooms at UCSD, with 
their o ne video deck and tape player. 
There was a large platform whe re the 
videotaping of the nightly news lOok 
place, along with a huge weathennap of 
the United States and California. Desks 
were clumped together throughout the 
newsroom, and I spotted the cent ral 
news desk in the corner. 

As I weaved through endless reporters, 
photographers and administrative 
personnel, I was amazed at the constant 
volume of noise that was maintai ned. 
Typewriters were endlessly clanking, 
phones constantly ringing, and reporters 
were rushing around with stacks of news 
assignments , pads of paper and pencils 
glued in their hands. 

After informal introductions to the 
news editor and various reporters, who 
were madly sorting through newspapers 
for story ideas, I was given an official 
badge of Channel 39. "This is to be worn 
at all times," warned the news director. I 
suppose this was so they wouldn't 
mistake me for a delivery person, or 
perhaps another reporter. 

I was to work closely with the 
assignment news editor, performing 
routine beat checks, iiling and typing up 
potential news stories. It was soon 
apparent that my typing skills had never 
progressed past ninth grade , and I was 
becoming a bit impatient with so-called 
prank callers: "How come Channel 39 
can never do anything about getting 
President Reagan to visit San Diegans In 
UTO" "We are doing our best," I replied . 
"Thank you for calling Channel 39." Why 
did I thank the lunatic . anyway-for 
giving me something funny to laugh 
about the rest of the day, I guess . 

This was all so different from the 
theoretical background I had absorbed in 
communications at UCSD. I was learning 
about Walker Percy's "Delta Factor" and 
Sapir-Whorfs hypotheSiS and couldn 't 
quite figure out how it related to practical 
functions and applications of a 
newsroom . I learned it didn't, I was not 
being confronted with writing a ten-page 
essay on "Comparative Communications 
Systems UnderlYIng Indonesian Culture," 
but with re-wrltlng news copy, 
performing beat checks and dealing with 
edi ted news files that were to be typed 
up in journalistic Jargon . 

UCSD, however, had taught me the 
skill of cramming, and I successfully 
applied thiS in learning the journalistiC 
writing of the newsroom 

Becoming a bit claustrop hobic from 
the cubi al news desk , I sensed an inner 
need to go out and beyond the four walls 
of the newsroom. I asked if I could go on 
loc3l1on With a reponer Thc assIgnment 
editor, realiZing I didn 't know the 
difference between margin settings and 
back spal.l ng was qUick to give approval 

Mu h (() m)' surpri se . hut occurring 
with pe rfelt \I lntng. ,\ reportcr \Va, on hts 
way [() cover the htrthd il) l clchrallon of 
Balboa Park. and was In need of an 
Intem to help With the Video equipment 

How hard could it be to work a 
Videotape 3/ 4H machine, or is that a 3/ 4" 
tape for the machine? 

The equipment looked so different 
from the si mple and easi ly lea rned 
reco rders at UCSD. I had never see n 
video equipment with computerized 
readings , automatic sou nd tracks or 
advanced electronic settings. I couldn 't 
even seem to spot the "eject" buttOn in 
the confusion of knobs and switc hes. In 
any event , I could push a button on a 
camera , and qUickly convi nced the 
reporter of my video production and 
technical expertise. 

Within mInutes, I was on my way to 
Balboa Park. Upon our arriva l, we were 
surprised to find hundreds of people 
who had taken up hundreds of parking 
spaces. No problem, just nash the 39 
Alive card and double park in the yellow 
zone 

The whole park was filled w!th 
enthUSiasm ,lnd excitement when we 
entered upon [he ,(cnc. The cament 
drew numerous kids around It , ranging 
from five 10 60 year, in <\ge , all ""wing 
Inro the l(' ns In hopes 01 seeing their 
smlltng b ce,> laptured o n vlckn 

I was aimlessly following the reporter 
around . who was looking for'an 
interview with the Mayor. Not being able 
to fi nd him offhand , we occasionally 
stopped, interviewed and videotaped 
some local people, then proceeded on to 
the stage to capture the Mayor's speec h, 
a short piano concert, and. the cutting of 
the ribbon signifying the offi c ial birthday 
celebration. 

I felt like Lois Lane carrying my stati on 
notebook and pencil while weaTlng my 
official badge. It was suc h an experience 
to be involved with the news team, 
furiously running around trying to 
capture every special event and speaker 
in every comer of the park. And , lucky 
me , l had the privilege of carry ing the 
videotape deck and lighting fixtures . But 
I didn't carc. f loved the thrill and 
exc itement of cap turing a'story, and -I 
could sense that this was one job I would 
truly like. 

After the ribbon was cut , hundred~ of 
people swarmed the stage for free i e 
eream and cake. We had finished our 
overage, and qUickly packed up In 

order to get the tape prepped for the 
6:30 cvcnlllg news. It was already 5:00. 

Navy 
Health 

Professions 
Scholarship 

Program 

, you hQI.oe tlMn accepted bot. or or • ..",oIled at. on Clpp'OYad 
ICI'lOOI a medicine or ooteopothy. you rT'O'/ quoIIfy lor the Nao!y 
Health PlafeIIJons SCt\OlOl1hlp ProgIom 
,.. a IChoiOBhlp IlUdent me Navy PQ'($ 

• '(WI fUM tunlon. <>.JthOrl.tad tees and educatIOnal 

----• the COlt a '8QUiad booi<s and supplies ,relmbu,oad to you): 
• '''''tot tees lor neceIIOfY eQUipment ouch 01 mlCIOICQP8S. and 
• a monthly COIh payment ""'ectJy to you ,lUOject to 

faa) You can uoe tl'll. ,,~ 01 you _ . 
v",11e at 1ChooI. the Navy ex- not intert_ wtth YOU' 

academic lite You woo·t h<7oI8 to attend military trotnlng or 
drills. or WfJIOI Navy uniforms.. Your lifestyle Is the IOr'T)8 0$ other 
medIcol or aoteopothlc STudents. 

You'" spend abOUt six -. each year In an -active 
_ " sIot\JI. HoweIIer. W your curriculum doeIn·t 01_ you 
to """'" 1ChooI. yOU can UIUCJ\Jy opend a portton or 011 a thOse 
days 01 aclive duly at YWf civilian ICI'lOOI continuing your 
stud\ao. 

DurIng thI. octlw duly period. you'" 'eceMo tu ll pay and 
allaWances a an oIt\oe! In the ~ther you',. at _ 
or 0.lOI That's In OddnJon to the regular monthly Income you 
rec_ ().JrI'lg the ,eot a me year 

i1ctllle duty per\OdJ cAf8r 'IOU the ct><r1Ce 10 travel at Navy 
__ -"1d gain meoJcal a.per1ence while 8I1!ovtng a tlO>aI< 
110m the routine a studying. 

• COt1"QIeIe schoaI 01 a ~ a the Navy Heath 
PI"'-Ians SchoiaMIp Plogrom 

• _ one \>ear c:I active duty 01 a Navy medical cAIIc:er 
lor each \>ear crt IChOIcnnIP JXJf'1c1patJon. You must 
_ at _ ttvw years on act ... duty. 

!\me openl in Intemohlp or -.cv CIOeI nat count toward 
yoJf acftye - obIlgaIJon. 

• be acx:epNd lor the .... enIertng ctaa Of cunantty 
_In an ~ IChoaI c:I madIdne or 
aoteopathv In the U.s. Of I'\Jer1o RIco. 

• be a us. cttv.n c:I good maIOI c:hoIacIW. 
• be PI'I\IIICOIIv quaJlfted lor coo i, i ilIIIoI, 01 a Navy 

omc:.. 
• HoM ClOf1l>OII! MCAT ICCM crt 60 or n"rON.. 

Bill lllyan! ®., . 
YNCUSN? . 

~ RECR\Ji'tR . 

NIWV RECRUITING 0tS1RJCI 
s.-N DIEGO • 
NAVAl. TRI\IN'G CENTER. BLDG. 335 
s.-N DIEGO. CA 92133 

call collect (619) 29W7~ 

Be The Doctor 
You Want To Be. In The Navy. 

Doger Bergeron has been Labatt's brewmaster 
1'- for over a quarter of a century. During that 
time, Labatt's has become the number one beer in 
Canada. These are excerpts 

q /loppivt-A- ttu-ttd:vJ 
~~c:l~b~ 

Thoughts on fabatt's taste: "Most of 
what you taste, or don't taste, in any beer 
is the hops .. They use a lot of hops in the 
Europeans, which is why they have the 
heavy taste .. and the Americans are 
much lighter, of course .. ~'ve spent ' 
years tinkering with hops to find the 
perfect balance ..... ~~ ... 

awards: 
"We've certainly won ( 
awards-over a hundred ' 1\ 
is itl-but between yo~ , \ 
and me, some of them~~ 

Thursday, Nov. I, 1984 11 

The home t e 
39¢ hatnburger. 

U~'[)Olll1ld~m J!lOU_ 
. 

7140 Miram.ar Rd. San Diego 
IL_ ...... ~ .. IIIIIIIIIIIII-----------------

--------------------

........... Buy one Big::;;~ 
GET ONE 
fREE 

t 'I~h \ •• Iut' I !IIIII t t rn , 

Only at: 
7140 Miramar Rd. 

San Diego 

II 
II 
II 
II 
II 

JU'I ph: ..... ' IU till' .. \ UlI""" 
wh,'U hUVll\~ , I HII! M.I .. . m~1 

~, "t1'11 ~.:~:t .1I"'llla niL! M .I .. 
tr,',·! LUlllI \\111.' \I lUI'" In I'\: r 
\. u,h 1111\ r. I',,'f \ ',U I'h-.• ,,\' 

I'n· ... \ ·IIT ttn ll "- lIl ,,11\.' 11 
"r.I.-flllL: Nltt \. ,.11.1 
'~""'I"..I'" It" .111\ "tlll'r ,,'flor 

V~id"'ru ~ 
Dec. I , 19B4 1-1-+. 

.iiiii.iiiii. 

are a lot of bunk-very political .. The 
International Brewers' Exposition, 
though, that's the one for the 
experts .. No weaklings get very 
far .. When we won the gold in that 

test, we beat eighty of the finest beers 
in the world .. ~' 
On brewing the "perfect beer": 

"Someone asked me once if Labarr's was 
the 'perfect beer; and I just smiled 

modestly ... But the Labarr's that people 
drink is pretty damn close ... because if it 

< 

• 



12 Thun.Jay, Nov I, 1984 

==UCSD= 
110\0 \Vater r Double dipper== 

By ALICIA AGOS 
Identical twms have a habit of 

confu ing people They can easily 
change Identities \\'hen showmg up at a 
party. a game or a class. However, 
unhke many ldenllcal tWinS, Jo and 
Greg Wade aren't really Into plaYing 
With people's mmds. In fact , the "right" 
Jo or the "right" Greg IS easily 
Identifiable because . as Jo pUlS It, "I'm 
actually a 101 cuter than Greg." 

Regardless , the similarities, and for 
that matter, the differences, don't Stop 
there. For instance, Jo and Greg are 
both members of UC D's water polo 
team. Coach Denny Harper said recently 
that, "Now there's no problem in telling 
them apart, for me at least. Some of 
their teammates, though , are still having 
problems. For example, when they walk 
around with the same t-shirt on before 
pratice or something. it can be difficult." 

A lot of umes, though , the similarities 
between the two brothers can prove to 
be advantageous. Said teammate Jeff 
Smith , a transfer from SDSU, "I have 
some classes With Greg, so we walk to 
class together a lot . All the girls say 'hi' 
to him thinking he's Jo. If the guls are 
cute , he goes with il." 

Goalie Duncan Millar commented, 
"The Joke !S , whatever one does 

The Wade Brothers - A career wilh Doublel11iPlI gUI11 awails these fellows. 

athletically or in personality, the orher is 
a xerox." 

One of the main reasons why (here is 
often widespread confUSion in 
differentiating Greg from Jo is that Greg 
spent last year, his freshman year, at 
Berkeley. He transferred to UCSD 
because of, what else, the weather. "San 
Dtego is a smaller school, and I wanted 
to pla y water polo," says Greg. ' '' Berkeley 

has a really good team, and though I'm 
not sayng that I couldn't make the (eam, 
it would have been very hard. Also, my 
whole family is relocating to San Diego 
from Pasadena. Plus, the girls are bener 
looking here ." After listening to his 
brother's reasoning for transferring down 
to La Jolla ,)o said modestly, "Actually. he 
just came down here to be with me." 

The dl fferences and similarities 

between the Wade brothers show Up 
both in and out of the pool. Observed 
Harper, "There is no question that)o is 
the stronger player right now. He had 
his freshman year to get adjusted to the 
system, the program and me. On the 
orher hand, Greg is, in academics and 
maturity, a sophomore. But polo-wise , 
he's still a freshman . He needs more 
nme to make the adjustment to the 
system and to everything else here." But. 
Harper prediClS a bright future for both 

)0 and Greg, saying, "Right now they are 
lacking size We hope that will change 
with diet and exercise . They are 
definitely going to be double-trouble 
with they get older." 

Smith said of Jo and Greg, "Both of 
them are quick. Jo JUSt knows the 
system a little better." 

In personality, both seem to have the 
same relaxed and easy humor. Brett 
Stauffer, their roommate, feels that , 
"They're very close . Jo is a little more 
outspoken. Greg reaUy likes Southern 
California, and he wanted to play water 
polo. They work well together and both 
are good athletes and both are team-
oriented." 

At Blair High School in Pasadena. Jo 
and Greg were. as their coach puts it, 
"like a one-two punch." They excelled 
not only in water polo but also in 
swimming, and both were the 1983 
Athletes-of-the-Year at Blair. 

Jo and Greg Wade, by their own 
admission , are basically, "available, 
smgle men, looking forward to helping 
UCSD Win another Division II and II I 
National Championship." 

It's a twinner===~==== 
By CHRISTINA KAUS 

"We really don't thmk we look ahke at 
all! " exclaimed the Tnron volleyball twins 
Lisa and Lori Luhnow And . al though 
they both have the same shoulder-length 
light brown hair with bangs, the same 
eye" the same smile, and they both 
share the same interests and compete on 
the sa me team for the same position , 
rhere are differences. Lori . for instance. 
IS 5'9 3/ 4", while Lisa IS only 5'9". Both 
Ire sophomores at Warren College , but 

,~ a communJcauons major while 
LI , undeclared . And Lori is a starter 
on , year's women's volleyhalltedm, 
whl k Lisa IS not. 

"B.ISIGllly It'S our different <It (J(ude 
to .... ,uds volleyball . commented Lisa 'I'm 
mo'e IntO It for fun . I know I won t pldY 
\'olleyball for the rest of my life" 

Lon agrees "I try to get marc out of 
\'olleyball because I know these could be 
my la~t years of competing. I'm also the 
more aggressive player." In fact , Lon has 
'Iway h.ld the compelilive edge needed 
to win even when the twms were 
younger. 

In high school at San Juan Capi trano 
there wasn't any problem fo r bOlh 
Luhnows to stan. "Sinle we wac both 
middle blockers, we JUSt filled the two 
Spots," says Lisa However, last year the 

tWinS were forced to compete for the 
same spot- the only Spot <ivailable for 
the freshmen. It was then that Lisa's 
attitude towards volleyball changed . 

"There was only one SpOt. only one of 
us could play. and we were both good ." 
recalled Lon "And I gOt the spot." The 
tWinS feel that the}' should both be 
starting thl 5 year, but coach Doug 
Dannevlk feels Li sa Just Isn t aggressive 
enough. However wllh Lon out for two 
weeks due to stre,s fractures in her right 
leg, Lisa has been pJa}'ing. 

The Luhn \\IS first gOt Intere~ted In 
volleyball because of an older hro th r 
"We lived near J \'olleyhall heJch. Jnd 
our hrother would bump ,I b,l l1 ,lrou nd 
wllh us" said Lisa. "But It wa, In JUnior 
high school that we nr<,t JOined In 
organi zed volleyhall " 

Con,ldenng the tWinS' height. the 
question an~es as to why the twO don't 
play baskethall Slmpl)' . nenhcr has ever 
had an Intcrc ' t In the Sport . ,Ind , In faci 
the tWins don 't like the game at all. "It's 
tOo physl all ' SJld Lon "At le,I.,t In 
volleyhall therc', a net l" 

Volleyball ha~ played such J hlg pm 
In the tWin!; li ves that It was ,I major 
(,\ClOr 111 their deCISions on which lollegc 
to attend "We had scholarship oilers 

The Lunhow Sisters - They Pllay be dOlllg ollie c!JcwlIlg 0/ tllCIr OWII . 

from (Cal State) onhridge , but we 
wilnteu to stay by the beach ," 
comrnented Lisa 

"But our deCision was OJ last-minute 
thing," IntelleCted Lori. "We were ready 
to go anywhere. really. bm we deCided 
on UCSD hecause we fl rured there 
would be less pres~u rc fnlm volleyhall 
and sc hool. Plus we knew Doug." 1 he 

tWins rnet Dannevlk the prevIOus 
sUlllmer at a volleyball camp, where he 
gave Lon a card and told her to c,, 11 him 
if she h,ld any que tions about UCSD. 
"To be honesl," sa id LOTI , "I didn't think 
the tealll \\las as good liS it tllrned OU t to 
h .. e. 

TlNUI:)) ON PAGE 14 ) ~------------------~ 

Thursday, Nav. /, 198.. 13 

Water polo suffers 10-9 setback 

Tritons lose despite new chemistry 
By CHRISTINA KAUS 

"Everyone was just buzzing," said 
UCSD water polo coach Denny Harper 
about Sunday's game against UC Santa 
Barbara. Although the Tritons lost lO-9, it 
was one of the most exciting and well-
played games by the water polo team of 
this or any other season. 'The chemistry 
and feeling of the guys on deck was 
something I've never experienced in .a 
game before." 

The Gauchos jumped to a 3-0 lead in 
the first quarter before Triton Bill 
Kazmierowicz scored. In the second 
quarter, the Gauchos increased the lead 
to 5-J, but the T riwns responded with 
two consecutive goals by Dana Greisen 
and Phil Pedis. 

Kazmierowicz scored a second goal off 
a fou r-meter penalty free throw to make 
the score 7-4. However, in the last two 
seconds of the fi rst half, the Gauchos 
scored with a long lob over Duncan 
Millar's head into the corner of the goal. 
"This hurt us because we were just 
starting to get our momentum going," 
said Harper. 

another four-meter penalty shot, but he 
was too tired to take the shot and turned 
the ball over to Moore. who missed. 
Greisen scored to cut the lead to just 
one, but UCSD couldn't score again , and 
it ended 10-9_ 

,.,. 

Contributing to the Triton loss was 
their inability to capitalize on six scoring 
opportunities with six-on-five 
formations. "Six-on-five has been a 
problem for us all year long," said 
Harper. "In theory, since the other team 

is a man down, we should be able to 
rotate the ball around to our free man 
and score ." The Tritons managed to 
score only four points with this 
advantage. "The problem is we don't 
have any pure perimeter shooters. Bill 
(Kazmierowicz) is improVing in that 
area ." said Harper, "but our only true 
shooter is Tom Moore." 

Harper singled out the performances 
of Kazmierowicz and Ray Haywood as 
key factors in the game. "Ray had a great 
game. His defense has improved so 
much," said Harper. "He used to get 
kicked out all the time." Haywood , 
although in his fourth year of school, 
may be eligible for one more year of 
competition. "We're checking into his 
freshman file , and if he's eligible next 
year, it will be great," said Harper. 

However, it is Kazmierowicz about 
whom Harper was most enthusiastic. 
"I've seen Bill play in over 200 games, 
and this was the best game he ever had ," 
said the coach. Kazmierowicz has been a 
UCSD starter since his freshman year. 

Tom Moore opened the third quarter 
with a goal for UCSD to Cut the lead to S-
6. The Gauchos scored two more goals 
before Kazmierowicz scored his fi nal 
goal of the game to pull the Tritons to 
within two. He also managed to draw 

Ray Haywood has Improved h iS defense and cleaned up his act. 

At the end of the game, the fans gave 
the players from both teams a long and 
deserving standing ovation. "The fans 
were knowledgeable, and they 
appreciated the game: said Harper. 
"These fans will come back. because this 
was real entertainment." 

(BoIIOIII, I-r) Chris mcCormac/!, RUN" FrulOse, Brucr Yuke . Chris Wiggins. (Top, I-r) 
Srcllt Thompson , Tony Mello, John Pdczarskl, Todd Norton. (Nol picrured) SIeve Klook. 
The Lite Team of Ihe Week award 

focuses again on fOOL ball this week. 
Eldo's Orchid PUfllpinis flexed ils TKE 
I.M . dynaslY muscles against an unruly 
mob from Phi Delta ,Thela This was Ihe 
second g.lme helwecn Ihe lWO fraternity 
Icams and Ihe hoys from 1 KE w<llked 
away wilh Iheir second Str.lIghl VICtory, 
2)-20 After a sce-;,:\w baule fmm lhe 
first 38 mlnUles. lodd (l3eal inC deep) 
Nllnl>n led a fUrl ou, IW(I-InIl1Ule dnllll1 

tradi-lional Oakland Raiders style Steve 
(TBK) Thompson plucked a dying quail 
from Ihe sky with 13 seconds remaining 
10 pUi Eldo's ahead. A dark cloud of 
despair fell upon the Phi Dell3 bench as 
lime expired The victory PUt Eldo's in 
[,rsl place in their diVISion as they look 
lC1 rhe playoffs with high hopes. 

ongrmul,llions. and we hope 10 sec YOll 
Cl·lcbrallng wuh a cold L'le Beer fWIIl 
Miller 

THIS MAY BE THE 
PROGRAM YOU'VE 

BEEN WAITING FOR ... 
The UCLA Teacher Education Laboratory 

proudly announces the four-quarter 
Masters of Education/Teaching Credential 

Program beginning In the Fall of 1985. 

For more Information and to receive an 
application form please contact: 

The Office of Student Service. 
210 Moore Hall 
(213) 825-8326 

UCLA Los Angeles, CA. 90024 



,----- W1THllilSAD - ___ _ 
• 21 • 
c!Na S'ogurl cAl/air': 

frozen : 
yogurt creations • 

• 
---FREE • 
Crunchy Topplna with • 

purchase of small or • 
Iarae size frozen yoaurt 1 ______ 1 

1 
1 

1 • WE AlSO HONOR All • • 
1 YOGURT PARLOR COUPONS 1 
1. 1030 Torrey Pmes Rd 1774 Gamel Ave : 

at Herschel Paalic Beach 
: La Jolla ExpIres (( / 6/ 134. : 
- - - - -ONE PER CUSTOMER - - _.1 

'25 OFF 
ON /OSrrNs Cow CoLl£G£ RINes. See your 

Josten representative. 

November 5,6,7 
10 am-2 pm 
University Bookstore 
Last & Best Sale 
before Christmas X 

Good friends keep you ~ing 
when all you want to do IS stop. 

Your feet hurt. Your legs 
hurt. Even your teeth hurt. · 

But your friends thought 
you looked terrific. And with 
them urging you on, your I 
first 10 kilometer race didn't 
finish you. You finished it. 

Now that you have some-
thing to celebrate, make 
sure your support team has 
the beer it deserves. 
Tonight, let it be Lowenbrau. 

LOwenbriiu.lleres to good &iends. 

Volleyball 
Twinner 
< CONTINUED FROM PAGE 12 J: 

When the twins first set about 
choosing a college, there was never any 
thought of splitting up. "It was always 
'we: .. said Lori. "But we do have the 
same interests, so it 's really no problem." 

"Being (wins is like anythmg else. It 
has its ups and downs," said Lori . When 
asked about "twin ESP," the Luhnows 
looked at each other. 

"Sometimes we blurt out words ..... 
started Lisa. 

..... (Otally off the wall at the same 
time!" finished Lori. 

"Sometimes, l'll go up to a group of 
people and ask a question." said Lisa. 

"Then I'll go up a few minutes later 
and ask che exact same question!" 
laughed Lori . 

Injuries arc anOther thing the Luhnows 
share. LaSt year, Lori again had stress 
fractures which put her on the bench. 
Two weeks later, Lisa suffered a stress 
fracture too-although in a different leg. 
"It's a gradual thing." said Lori. "It JUSt 
doesn't happen overnight. 

"But it's ntce to know I always have 
someone to turn to ," added Lon. "That's 
something I never would've admitted 
before. 

But I still think we don'clook 
anything alike!" 

(;rand Opening Special. 
Japanete 

FUTONS 
Sale Nov. 2, 3, .. 

Showroom/Factory Outlet at 
120 N. ftaclftc .w .• lie. M 

Son Motto.. 144-7.t59 

NOY. 11 IAN OlIGO 
Sun 
130PM 
~. 1:1 
Mon 
1 JOP'" 

ConventIOn and 
PMiorFntng An. Center 

SHt ..... tI ..... ,,,. 
, .... r. eo_ 0ft1c. ana 
TElE SUT toe. lOn, 

e .. 

"",""11 .. 1 

C''''''''ed ~ng I~ II sold In JOO. 
char.:ter Ina.IIIMb. &ch I .... , pundUIICIon 
mark Md I".. ., ... n ~ II cons/.AId 
• character, with capital IetIen countlng al 
IWO characters. The r .. II 51 per IOOcharaa.n 
Ibr IIUdena and Sl per 100 dIaradIrs fbi' non-
1IUdInCs. You must co,... by the ofrIce or mall In )OUr ad, ., _ ",,'re ~ In advaIa of 
publication. Dltadflnes are 5 pm Tuesday Ibr 
ThYrsdIy'I ~. 5 pm Frldlly Ibr MDndIIy'I 
pltper. For ~ Information call 452-3466. 
The Guardian, UCSD, 11-016, La JoII., CA 
9a)93. 

--
insur.Ylcr Wart We'. beat any prier or ~ cbl't 
want }QK business. TIckets. acddents, sports cars. 
000d drlll'er /student discounts: all wellDITII!. call 
286-11 35. Request UCSO Plan. 111/291 
\I1oI1n 7 \/lola 7 Prep br "32" or just br tun. Group 
rates, sliding scale. Helen Martin. 457-0671.111/261 
Stop. Don't do it before~ see Harold and Maude 

~. Nov, 2nd. 6. S, 10 pm. use 2722. K. III/11 
Come one. come all, to thl! Wam!n HarbOr Cruise 
o.-ter. sat Nov. ]rd8-1O pm. TIckets S580x c:lIYkr, 
111/11 
Movie: Harold .Yld Maude. Friday. Nov. 2nd. 6. S, 
10 pm. use 2722. Tefl a friendll K. III/II 
UCSD Ski Racing T~ RatIIe: \I!IIn a trip to Vall; S25 
gilt certificatrs to Pat'sor 200 other prizes. Nov. 16. 
Revelle Plaza. TIckets 52 each or 3 br 55. III/II 
Ski Swap Meet: ~ and setl-clothl!s and 
equipment. Starting S:OO am friday Nov. 16. Re\letle 
Plaza. By UCSO Ski RacIng Team. (II/II 
SlUdI!nts hl!lping students -,-,slO needs you I 
Volunteer Open House. Fri. 11/2 9-3 at ,-,slO 
Office. Student Center. Ill/II 
RlefiaDle Wheels car rental from 55. lDw mileage 
rates available. Free ~, 459-4936. 111/291 
What is going on in Nicaragua? A med student's 
e~rience. Nov. I, 7 pm UCSO Extension Rm. 150 
(/1/11 
Irs !hat time ot year. Get out ~r c.ostumes and 
come to thI! ~ SaU on Fti~ Nov. 2. at 
thl! Centrallibraly. startng at 9:00 pm. III/II 
Travel. get great IMlfk ecperience. & IlaIIe a terrific 
tme in lllastington D.e., Sacramento, New YorIc, 
or many other pIacrsI ASIO prI!St!I1ts National 
ftrmsHp InIb /lite. ThJISda¥, 11/8, 7 pm at 
HLlII6. Ill/Sl 

i III !18111111 
Uib equipt: ViJClJUII1 ~, COl '1JOI1ei ItS. ¥terns. 
lAtI!k mass spectl'Ollletl!r, centrifuges. high IIOItage 
~ su~iI!S. large C02 incubltor. H2O baths. 
lots 1'IIOre. call 57&-9729 Science Resources. Ill/II 
cars (Of Rent: 515 per day. 585 per week.l.k1Iimlted 
tree mileage. Del Mar Car Rental. 755-3201.111/11 

Rl:>d Strwart TlCketsi Two front row Io~r·level . 
call .Yld orrerl Mike, 294-8)76 or Valerie 2Sb-
9825. /11/11 
SOOrrm tetept'Oto lens. Fits any camera. great deal 
at 570. Kay. at 270-290S. ~ave message. (11/11 
Springsteen tickeu b Nov. 4. Best otter. call 263-
4353 aft6 6 pm. /11/11 
NAn 1020 A. Series 2, preafTllllfjer, a great 
preanp. used only once. new SI98, now SI25. Call 
455-9851, Thllo. /11/51 

12-speed, 22" MototJeCane bike for 5150. IS 
months okJ. comrs with ~ clips and water bottle. 
Tef. 458-124S. /1I/SI 
Moped goes ~ke crazy but needs a tuneup. Rm 
5100 takes It. Marcy or Mikael 481-4373. call btWn. 
5-10. /11/51 
94 SR Alpine Sport 12 spd. 25 Inch. Toe clips. bottle, 
;1110)'5. more. Sarefy used-Uke new. SI99. S-
458-9350. /11/11 
71 VW Karmam Ghia-A. around xlnt. condo No 
rust ibll eng. Nk1y IM1eeIs. Xlm. paint/int. S235O. 
458-9350. /11/11 

S.H.M. Don't you know ~ you're thI! banana ot 
my ~7 Let's not vie. Your ~ pie M. Wait til 
tonigtl' ... /11/1/ 

lAdies: want to meet sIncere. interesting men 7 
Foto Date. california's most successful datklg dUb. 
Is offel'lng a Umited number of free trial 
lTlI!fTIberst'ips to ladies betINeen 18-30. 293-3000. 
/II/BI 
It's a joy! Harold and Maude. Fti~. Nov. 2nd. USB 
27228, 6. 10 pm. A movie ~ st'Ould see. K. 
/11/11 
It's a black & white Hartxlr Cruise Oancr. Sat. Nov. 
]rd &-10 pm. TIckets S5 at SoxOtfier. ~onenowl. 
/11/11 
RISC presents lItoombaIi Sat. Nov. 10 at thI! UTe 
Ska.1IrIIt at II pm. Glther lip some friends and 
prepare )OUrself Ibr some sHp s/kIing tunl Free Ibr 
rnemberl. 511101 r-f'III!fI1tIeI., (11/51 
Snuggles: TINO months to go till ~'re up in thI! 
snowl It's too ,. to c:anceI. so let's Show upAnselI 
JLC III/II 
Cane see the classic IT10IIIe at the year. Harold and 
Mlude. Nov. 2nd. 6. S, 10 pm. use 2722. K. /11/11 
Get inIIoM!d with a group that really does thngsl 
ASIO \A)kJnteeI' Open House. Fri. 11/2 9-3. 452-
4689. fll/II 
Jom. ioIIoe, it·s t'Orribie being _ay from you. And 
so ioIIoeIy to be in ~r arms. Je ['adore. (II/II 
It'!. \IMd1I!S and Warbdcs seasonl Come to thI! 

~ide Sail on Fri. Nov. 2, at thI! Central 
library. startlng at 9:00 pm. /11/11 

To my sisters at Sigma Kappa-~r's let tIygOneS be 
bygJnes .Yld work together to have thI! fun I know 
we are ~able at. I'm sorl}' and 10lie )'OU all. 
Kendall XC, /11/11 
Harold & Maude 6. Harold & Maude S. Harold & 
Maude 10, Harold & Maude pm. USB 2722 Nov. 
2nd. K. /II/II 
Happy 20th and 5th, .JenU Same time next year. 
OK71 I luv u rrucho 0iI0e. Shithl!ad. /II/II 
To all my IM)ndertui frll!flds : Thanks for thI! greatest 
21st !>-<lay one could ~ ask Ior- I should at 
known. Love you alii Mane. III/II 
ThU"lll!f Tourl1.Yl1l!flt. Wed. Nov. 7 at 8 pm in the 
~. Cont. Room immediately following the st'Ort 
RISC meeting. All-cal .Yld broomball inlb will be 
there so hOp on Oller .Yld don't miss itl 
ATTENTION: 1st meeting at thl! Sill Hodges 
Memorial Cow Ttpping AssocIation will be this 
Sunday at 6, The latest innovations in tipping 

~niqUl!S. apper's equipment and tag-team 
bpp.ng Will be presented. Spt!dal guesr-Rob "TIp 
lhat Heifer" leupold. /11/11 
Get your All-cal tickets nowl Vail is ready & 
waitlng for UCSO to enjoy. S299 pkJs RISC 
IIl4!I11bershp gets ~ 5 days at skiing /Dec. 14-21 I. 
trans. accoms. and loads cJ fun actMties. TIckets at 
box orr. Itvougl 11/16. / II/51 
Shandon: Pooh-Bears, green"1!)led beans. third 
floor's best roommates, traveling wittlSruce. tar in 
Santa Sarbara, avoiding Mom's calls. Tha"lksl 
Happy .YlnlYmaly No, 21 I IoIie ~I Bean P.S. 
Uama Muuul /11/11 

Top Drawer Secretarial \M:)rd Processing. Reports. 
resumes. manuscripts. Student rate. Diane 481-
4160. /11/291 
Burke Secretarial-OUaIJty typingl 15 years 
experience-RuSh jot» specialty /Aeldble hours. Ui 
.klUa 457-3842. (II/II 
Typing,I\IVord Processing-For ali your typing 
needs call Sarnara at 454-7624. Rush jobs 
accepted. (II/51 
ElIJ)ert Typing. Word processing & tape 
transcription. Spelling free. ~, 459-58IS. Ui 
Jolla. (11/291 
Survooto. high quality glass pop-up COITpIeteIy 
!J,Iar.Ylteed. SII5 installed. Bob 4S1-9I45, /11/15/ 
\M:)rd proc:essJng and typing. Papers. rl'SUll1l!S. etc. 
Fast. print quality. A.LP.HAS.I. T.S, 454-8628. 
/11/11 
\J(/111 do all your typing-UCSO grad witn S years 
prof. exper. You carl call anytime. Nadine 578-
0496. (11/291 
Auto painting and ~-Rust repair. 
Professional IM)rk guaranteed. Loaner cars 
availabM!. Free I!Stirnates at ~r h:luse or otI'ice. 
Stephen 458-9350. /11/11 

dURa1111111 
wanted. Sands to perform on thl! Plaza for 
rtJOntime concerts. ContACt C~ at thI! ReIIoeIIe 
Comrruter Lounge or call 452-2519. /11/11 
Amateur drUlTVTll!f seeks musicians for Intonnal. 
fun. jams. call Mike at 274-9062, (II/51 
Wanted: People who are energetic. creatille and 
crazy to audition Ibr thI! Revelle play. Nov. 10 at 
WNH7/II/II 
Hey gJodIooIdngi Model wanted br fashion artist. 
"".1St be S'S" or more, striking ~, large frame. 
but skinry-brOild shoulders. Long legs~st IlaIIe 
free time cl.!ring day. 270-2090 after to am. III/51 
!IabysItter W.Ylted days. nigtlts & lllll!ekends br I 
yr, old Del Mar boy. References required. 755-
0944. (II/51 

~1i#iiM8J 11111 
Master bedroom br rent. can be sha~. 3/4 mile 
from school. call Rich or J .K. at 457-1353. Dec. 1st. 
/11/291 
Roonmate needed lor Mission Beach apt. 
S200/rno. pjus 1/4 util. Cool place on the bNctl. 
Available Nov. /. 483-1383, (II/51 
Encinitas. housernate W.Ylted lor large. 4 beO'oom 
house. We are looking for a consIderate, ~ 
smoking female. S240/mo.. 1/4 utilities. Near 
beach/bus/ine. Avail. 11/15. Sandy 753-2395 or 
565-9214 /msgl. /11/11 
For you ng professional woman-studlo apt. or 
similar. Can pay $300. Please call 459-6899 and 
leave message. /11/291 

Lost Wed. lO/24.AQII sorority pin. 515 reward. Call 
.Jen,¥ at 458-1037. /11/11 
Lost SiM!r dlarm bracelet with initials e.GA 
Reward. call Kris 455-9644. /II/SI 
Found: A bike. If you think it's yours caU Loren ~ 
S724 and identity. /11/51 
Found: Skateboard on Third calJllUS. Call to 
describe. 453-0329. (11/81 
Lost Black Todd s~~et at Muir ReId. ~. 
Aght 10/24/94. Please call !>.Night at 259-8607. 
/11/51 
Bundle of clothes and tupperware rontairw!r (10/15 
on Muir Fl4!IdI. Go to Gym Cage, fll/SI 

~---------------------------------, : Shear Madness : 
• HAIR DESIGNS I 
• ~ 1 

2
i >< MICHAEL ~ f,~ 

Student Discount ~ • 
$5.00 OfF 

i ~ i 
1 Halrcut-Perm-Hlghllghting 1 
: 0f'Ia' good with Student I.D. end COI!pOn through November. : 

t _~~~Jt.Wj' .1.°lo~l11.lW~<l~~~·~<l~A.li~c.uJ~~~ ~ 

BJ'S PIZZA BUCKS 

Limit On. La Jolla , C • . 

P.r Pill. 

8873 Villa La Jolla Drive (Next to Theaten) 
FREE Delivery to UCSD 



G\'. I, 19 4 

THIS INTRAMURAL BUD PAGE IS FOR YOU! 
ULTIMATE THROWERS 

ARE FLYING HIGH 
They call the game Ultimate. 

ME AM. 
Tum 

I P\VP 

2 'ork Hunt Cluh 
) BUll I.llr 

Bud Poll Flag Foolball Ralings 

R~c . 
~ ·o 

Hl 
~ · I 

Odds Com_nlS 
1·1 Dcfen(hng cn.lmp' h.l\'cn'llookcd 

II 
2·1 PI,IYlng well Ilf late 

COED A 
T8m 
I Ot>s per.ldos 
1 h.ugers 
) All Honds 

IlK, 
4 ·0 
)·0 
4·0 

Odds 
~· I 
6· 1 
10· 1 

Comme nl 
otlll ng desperate 

M)' f.",orlle I,'aon 
Who pun,,' 

Pretty strange name for a sport, if 
you ask me. And they play the 
thing with a damn frisbee. They 
certainly don't come any more 
weird than that. 

) I M ' l h.lmps proved Ihe ' rr n,l 
nuke, 1M WATERPOLO RANKINGS 

So what's going on anyways? 
What is thiS strange new breed of 
athleticism that we see every 
Sunday over on the Warren 
Campus fields? 

Well folks , if you don't know by 
now, you've been watching too 
much of that boring NFL stuff on 
the tube every Sunday. To be 
honest with you, this game has the 
NFL beat all to hell for sheer 
excitement. There are more 
spectacular catches in one half of 
Ultimate Di c than you'll find in 
any NFL highlight show. 

~ h, ol,lIr "' 
5 • pili Her LIke A T roul 
6 TKE 
7 HeJd Bller Orre~ 
R Lude' 

MEN'S AA 
r~am 
I Lewd xu.11 "ndul'l 
1 K's 
) 'i..)nd), And The Bagger' 

~ Berman's So," 
) Mun Ie . upph ., 
6 Wrecking rew 
7 Douhle·O·Se\'en 
8 Inqull) 
Q You lefl me high dnd dry 

10 ZBT 

ME A 
Tum 

1 ~~) E\lU .... l· 
2 I G"Il.1 PI.II Gu.ml 
3 Up Th,' End Zon.· 

~ I'd') 0111' NTh,· Wlscm,' n 
<; AquJlrarler 
(> Brac h He.ld, 
7 Eld,,, OrchId Pumplnl' 
Il ne.lk It In 

2·2 
) · 2 
2· } 
2·1 
2· 2 

R~c. 
)·0 
) ·0 
5·0 

5·0 
~ ·O 
) ·0 
5·0 
5·0 

~·I 

~ · I 

R~c, 
)·0 

~·O 
5·0 

~ · I omlllg on sirong 
20·1 New QB h,l~ mode Ihem .1 f.lClor 
25· 1 BIg (hsoppolnlment 
50·1 Dor's .Ire gelling "Id 
75·1 LI" hurr.lh 

Odds 
2·1 
2·1 
2· 1 

2· 1 
40· 1 
50·1 
75 I 
80· 1 

100· 1 

~OO· I 

Odds 
2·1 
) · 1 
4·1 

, 

Comm~nlS 
F.l\'Clntc In four "<1m hallie 
Ha\'c Ihe QB hUI~ 
T),Pllodl ' l().leh Wlliter s 
<andhaAAtng .Ig.lln 

hn. would he proud 
1.lgre. 
Not .1nymoTe 
You ma), need hiS help 
No need 
W<I 'ears M ftnah'ls Me h.wlng 
.llough war 
Zern Br" There 

Com_nlS 
1 hal' rlghl 
NI'hod) \\.10" 10 pl.l) gu.lrd 
Prrennl.tI 'A' le.ml wllh .mnu.11 'A' 
1.llent 

Budm.lns ,holee 
Beller undem.ller 
~Ol lour ' 1')\10. f,'II." 
Me.)n, (hoke 

COEDM 
T8m 

I Mue rue aka Aqu.1 C"W5 
1 Tu·~ Or (II Tu· Bc 
) Golden Shower; 
-I Gal'les Whalr-
5 Wet Duck,,'s 

COEDM 
T~.m 

1 SWAMP 
2 Ruhher B:tAcI. \I 
) Chlonne Coed, 
~ Dllkle's SqUIn' 
) Dnnk and Ink 

COED A 
Tum 

I Wei Drl"lIn.-r, 
! Argn II Buhhk Fl,h 
) PHI, wllh PI, 
~ W.ller Bull.tln., 
'i ', .... 1, Jnkes 

DORMS 
Team 

I Dormhuslc" 
1 Api ' B (Th,rd) 
) Apt·J (ThIrd) 
-I WtlOnes 
5 Serra Hall 

IlK, Commrlll5 
)·0 Big "'In Sunda)' humps Ihese lip 
2·1 L"SI .1 tnu~h one 10 M~ C= 
2·2 Old """ .1 hlg long In 1000h 
2·2 I~:t 'cd "nl)' (lne ~lnker '" 1,lr 
1·1 Art' gctltnA OJ,,>, In dl)'dolk 

IlK, Commrnu 
.j·0 The",' gur' .Irc' holAAlnll ... nd J~IIn 
)·0 AwmglnA 2~ goals .1 !Io,me 
~·O ~keper 1,';lIn "I Ih., hunch 
)·0 wle entl)' on.lkong .) hel.tled hlJ 
)·0 51111 Ir)' lng h' ,,,",~OX "pponenl' 

R~c, ComnwnlS 
)·1 Pia), Ihc' Ix'" dd,'n,,' .Imund 
)·1 NOI qUII(' rr.ld, 1M AA 
)·ll rhes<' greek, .Ir<' nnl gcek, 
2· 1 \1.1 he ("enn,lIchl'd on lOullh lcJgllc' 
3-1 Kntl\\' hrl\\ III Win (he dfl'C llnt.', 

R« . Com nwnlS 
)·ll Whn )'''1 ~unn.1 LollI' 
'H) L"w pl.l) lng Ih"", I.lle A-"nes 
)·0 11.1\'('01 hrrn leSied )et 
4·0 The he51 on Tioga may he good enough 
)-0 Have plenty "f r.~power 

And at good 01' UC D, this sport 
has definitely been discovered. 
Over Sixty teams will compete this 
year in a program that started from 
scratch a httle over three years ago. 
In the 1990's Ultimate may make a 
run at the big boys .. Jootball, 
basketball and softball. Q Serr.1 Dorm Dud" 10 Bush DO<.lor. 

~ ·o 
~·O 
Hl 
1·0 

~ · I 
4·0 
4·0 

5· 1 
\0· 1 
20·1 
15·1 
50·1 

100· 1 
150· 1 

Sian 109 III struggle 
Good hel 

W~I h oul fm hlg (diS 1M ULTIMATE DISK RANKINGS 

COED AA 
Tum 
I Sofl Touch 
2 Bad Knees 

Comm~nls 
Bel Ihe r,ln h 

1111 
Pretl) I mpres 1\ .. stdlS 

COED M 
Tum 
I Card I,K Arresl 
1 Beller Th.1n Luck 
) DIS<' s For 

R«, 
)·1 
)·1 

G F-GA 
)5·21 
)8·25 

1M Ultimate Disc Coordinator, 
Julie lianno, has been more than 
pleased with this fall 's strong 
contingent of Coed Ulti mate 
teams . "Ou r Coed Ultimate 
program this fall has been the very 
best yet," said lianno. 'Over 90% of 
our teams are very competitive. 
Each year we seem to pick up 
about a dozen teams that really 
begin to understand and play the 
game like it was designed. When 
the game is played right, it really is 
the ultimate .. .lots of running. great 
throws and catches, and a friendly 
spirit of competition that differs a 
little from your more traditional 
spons." 

3 Hool Monslers ,tnd LIm 
4 Pumpeml(kd lcepl.tnt 

R« . 
4·0 
4·0 
5·0 
)·0 

Odds 
2·5 
4·1 , 
6·1 
10·1 Hope l'our play selecllon IS heller 

Ihan your food selecllon 

) D,scs for Domtnelh 
-I Mt>d Pnns 

)·1 
}'·2 

)7·28 
35·)7 

With one week to go in the 
regular season phase of the 
program, lianno expects the 
intensity level to pick up a bit as 
teams vie for berths In the post-
season play-offs. "Both diviSional 
play-offs (M and A) should be real 
bam-burners," said llanno. "You 
can put a blanket over the top three 
inM (Cardiac Arrest, Bener Than 
Luck, and Disc For Dommelli), 
they're close. George Fishbeck Fan 
Club may have the edge in Single-
A, but I wouldn't bet more than 
$1.98 on it." 

For those of you WIShing to 
catch a ghmpse of this fafout spon, 
don't tum on the TV Sunday. It 
won't be on . Hop over to Warren 
College anytime dunng the day. 
Brent , PhylliS, and Irv won't be 
covenng it this week, but If their 
contracts get extended into the 
'90s , they just might be watching 
discs soar over the goalltne Instead 
of pigskins. 

) ~Ih and Inche ~·I 
) · 1 
)·1 
2· 2 

15·1 
20·1 
50·1 
100·1 

Brtng hack Ihe tree 
6 Wish For .1 Bone Offense 
7 ~ehraska Wdlk·c>n< 

W,sh for Ga)'le's rei urn . 100 
That's wh), )ou're 'M 

fI Team Sozo TO bozo~ 

MIDNIGHT VOLLEYBALL 
ClASSIC 

There's still time to enter this 
weekend's Mid night Volleyball 
Classic scheduled for Main and 
Rec Gyms thiS evening. 

The rotational mixed volleyball 
doubles format features an 
outstanding pre-tournament 
barbecue dinner and more 
volleyball than you'll ever care to 
play. 

Tournament action begins 
around 7:30 pm (the barbeque 
starts at 6:00 pm) and lasts well 
into the wee hours of Sunday 
morning. 

This traditional event is for 
volleyball doubles freaks and 
fanatics that are into sprucing up 
their SOCIal life. There's nevera dull 
moment once the evening gets 
going. 

Tournament entry fee IS 56.00 
per person and IS payable at the 
Campus Recreatlon Office at 
Canyonview, The tourney IS open 
to the first 16 men and 16 women 
to sign-up, 

BUD LIGHT t:===1 
Flag Football 

Player of the Week 
ThiS weck., Bud Light Flag Football Player of the Week h,ls 

deservcd thiS ;mmd numerous times for about ten years She\ 
Shetia 0 Bnen of the numher one rated Coed M ' te;lm <;oft 
Touch hetia !!,radu.lled Imln U SD and loved IM's <;(l mUlh ~he 
deCided tl1 !!,CI J Joh herc (() the dismay of her longllmc foe~ ThiS 
fireball redhc.ld pl,I}''' nm onl) foOtball with e»,u~lIcnce hut ,lhOUl 
every mhl'r "P0rl we lIlfl'1 <;he \\ould win thl., Jward m,ln) ml'rl' 
limes 

In thiS 1\ (,l'k., g.lIn(' <; heti,\ .,mred fmm cver,'\\ here 1''1 thl' 
field OA-ttnL plJ} she 'oI.llrl'd nn what hl!r 1('.Im (.;11, the I II \\'n l'd 
nea nicker ro..:l1rm.llly ,I wom,1n catche., .1 p.h., 'Ill thl hnl' III 

nmmJgl .llld 1,IIN,tis hJ( k III ,I I,hter m,llI.,o he ( ,In run Olllh(' 
Soft fOUL h thl'~ dn \I Ihl! tl thl'r way around hl'l.llN' '>h"ti,I I' Iht.' 
fastest her tC.HII Congr.us hed.! It\ hern J long lime l<1lnlllg 

COED A 
Tum 
I c;..o Fishbeck Fan Cluh 
2 We WtII Show Upl 
J DISC IS Da T •• lm 
~ )uh(" CUI U,I 
5 Mnd SquJd 

IlK. 
)·0·1 
"·0 
.j·O 
)·1 
2·1·1 

G F·GA 
4)· 16 
50·8 
43-6 
45· 19 
42·28 

64A.D. EMPEROR NERO COMES UP WITH A 
BRIGHT IDEA FOR ENDING URBAN BLIGHT 
Nf'fT } ~ fldclhlle; rifT >uncl Wllh 
ImC/hl J(iL'd <; w()uk/n I 

" 

hrlvt'i;t¥'11 ntn·.<;''irlry _-_-...~ 
Ji /iud/.I' /hl h<lrl 
iI/H,' ,( 'fVl'f/<l/dU 
Ih'll,( 1,././!J< /r/1i ', 
lI s IIH ' N'" hlhllrl 
hr,hll>!" " Wllhlhl ' 
h Illdnll 1111<1' ,Ir 

SI1, fnf'J1( '" . II~ I 
rr IUnlryrllf 'n hnllr I 

, IUf yOU! beSI rve 
Rud 1.Iyhl <II V( JUr n XI 
Ir ~ f</ I)clrty Or clsk fortI 
II V( 'llr hi vonlt , 
h ¥ '/dl, >num 

EVERYTHING 
EtSE1SJUST 
ALIGHT. 

, 
• 





Editor 
ANDREW KEELER 

Associate Editor 
CHRIS YuUNG 

Contributina Editors 
ETHAN FEER T, JOAN 
FORSBERG. RONA HU. 

JAMES RALPH PAPI' 
Staff 

MIKE AHN. RODDY 
BUGA W A. ANDREA 

HARMON. KRISTIN KALA, 
KAREN KELLEY. JEFF 

MUNIC. JOHN NEE. ART 
SALAZAR, CARL STATER , 

ROGER STEPHENSON 

Editorial 45 2-3466 
Advertilina 452-3468 

Hiatus is publish~d every 
Thursday of the academic year 
as a supplement to the UCSD 
GUARDIAN. Reproduct-ion 
or use without written 
permission of any portion oi 
this magazine is a no-no. We 
welcome unsolici ted letters, 
man uscripts, and artwork, but 
assume no responsibility for 
the return of such. ScnJ 
information to: 

HIATUS 
B-016, La Jolla, CA. 92093 

Contents 
Cove r : Willi am G lover 
works his magic at UCSD as a 
visiting professor and director 
of the drama department's 
season opening play. See page 3 

Eatbeat ..... . ...... . page 4 
Eating has always been a 

religious experience and the holy 
trini ty of Roberto's is where Goa 
would eat if he went to UCSD . 

Brian DePalma. . . . .. page 5 
Hiarus t a lk s with Bri a n 

D ePalma about his new mo vie 
Body Double, as well as his other 
talents. 

Halloween Poem . . . . page 6 
T his time of the year brings o ut 

all types and o ne o f them stro lled 
in to o ur office and left th is gem . 

Movie Guide page 4 
Goings on page 7 

Cover photo by Rich Pecjak 

f!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! UCSD Chamber Music Series 
T mth Anniversary Season 

GUARNERI STRING QUARTET 
This is the Guarneri String Quartet 's Twentieth Anniversary 
Season. The Quartet--now preeminent among the world 's 
c hamber ensembles , was founded in 1964 at the Marlboro Music 
Festival in Vermont. Si nce then . the Quartet has had no changes 

in personnel. The Guaneri's program will be: 
Haydn's Quanet In 0 Major, Opus 76, No.5 

Sc humann's Quanet In A minor, Opus 41 , No.1 
Schubert' Quartet In E Maj or, Opus 125, No.2 

November 9, Friday, 8:00 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 

G.A. $13.00, UCSD St. $5.50 
~iTN!N ' ~T£L£TI\ON · 

& UCSD Box Office: 452-4559 
tiiiiiiii .. presented by UCSD University Events Office 

Z Hicuw Nov. 1, 1984 

Bob's Book Report 

A Nuclear Threat? 
By ROBERT LEONE 

Nuclear threat got you down? Worried about toxic waste, making a 
living, the rat race and dying cultures? Wonder when the next war will 
start, and where? Been mugged recently? Think the world is going to hell 
in a hand basket? You are not alone. Andrew Bard Schmookler, a 
Theologian from UC Berkeley, has written a 400 page diagnosis of why 
the world is going where it is. The Parable of the Tribes, 19.95 in the 
General Books Anthropology section of the UCSD Bookstore. takes 
up where Freud's Civilit,ation and its Discontents leaves off. It is also 
easier to read than Freud, though thicker. covering more material and 
using greater detail. 

Basically. this book is the story of a man'sevolution from the hunter-
gatherer to our current world of mutual assured destruction. I predict 
that in ten years this book will be a textbook in some course here at 
UCSD. It's that good. The Parable is not too technical or too verbose, 
and is very readable. It also contains a new political paradigm for those 
who like technical verbosity. I recommend this book. 

* * * 

Alas, one of the prime local Olympic venues for greed is closed this 
year. The friends of the UCSD Ubraries will not be holding their famed 
booksale / riots. having postponed them indefinitely. The ostensible 
reason for the cancellation of the lemming-like booksales was a lack of 
storage space in Central library. The love man is breathing easier 
today. 

* * * 

" lt is charming to totter into vogue. " 
Horace Walpole. 4th Earl of Oxford 

FRAMING 
& 

MATIING 

ethnic art 

grove 
gallery 

UC Crafts Center Revelle Campus 

William 
By JOAN FORSBERG 

Arthur Wing Pinero's romantic 
comedy Treia.m:y of the "Wells" 
portrays the social and economic 
plight of the actor, who was ill; 
accepted by the rigid, pretentious 
society of Victorian England. For 
their production of this spirited 
play. the UCSD Drama Department 
has chosen director William Glover. 
who, through his work passionately 
crusades to elevate the actor's 
position of importance and respect 
in the creative process of a play's 
progression from script to stage. 

A visiting professor in the drama 
department this year, Glover comes 
to UCSD with a long list of credits as 
an actor and director in regional 
theater. film. and television. 

Glover's fascination with the 
elusive magic of the stage was 
fostered as a young boy in his native 
London. "We grew up with a 
tradition of theater ~n England," the 
softly-spoken. eloquent Glover 
explains. "There was nothing like 
the thrill of an outing to the theater. 
You paid sixpence and sat up in 'the . 
gods.' I was enthralled by this whole 
golden world of carpets and 
furniture and those wonderful giants 
on stage. performing powerful. 
emotional scenes, living in the same 
room with you." 

A career in the theater was never 
considered a viable possibility for 
the young Glover. A self -sty led rebel 
as a youth. Glaover fooled around so 
much that he was forbidden from 
performing in his school play. 

His debut as an actor at the age of 
16 was a fluke. "My sister belonged 
to an amateur dramatic society. or 
community theater." Glover 
recounts with a smile, "They were 
doing a play; and a lady came to our 
door one day and aslced.·Oo you 
know who I am?' I said 'Yes. you are 
my sister's drama teacher.' And she 
said. 'Yes. that's right. do you act?' I 
told her I wasn't allowed to act 
because I mucked about too much. 

"Then shesaid.'Oneofthe boys in 
our show has been arrested because 
he hit a woman over the head with a 
wrench and stole two pounds from 
her purse. Now he is in jail. and we 
are opening the show in a couple of 
days. We need an actor for the 
leading role. Can you come and play 
it? Your sister can act. so obviously 
you can.' And I said. 'Oh. aU right.' I 
did it. and I won a bestactor award." 

Glover's "just get out and do it" 
attitude has undoubtedly 
contributed greatly to his success in 
the theater. After his auspicious 
introduction to acting. Glover 
drifted in and out of the navy before 
deciding that a life in the theater 
would be like having a party every 
day and getting paid for it. too, 

With no formal drama training. 
Glover entered the professional 
theater in 1945. After working for 
11 years in regional repertory theater 
in England. Glover moved to Canada 
where he performed with the 
Stratford Shakespeare Festival in 
Ontario. the cae and on Broadway. 
Eventually he moved to his present 
residence in Malibu. California. for 
the sunshine and the television 
industry. the economic mainstay of a 
stage actor. Glover has performed at 
such renowned theaters as A .C.T. in 
San Francisco. the Mark Taper 
Forum and the Old Globe Theatre. 
He has also appeared in suchiilms as 
Mel Brooks' To Be Of Nor To Be and 
Alfred Hitchcock's Tarn Curtain and 
such television programs as Get 
Smart, Fantas:Y bland and General 
Hospiral. 

The turning point of Glover's 
career as an actor occured when he 
became a professional director in 
1970. Glover has staged productions 
for repertory theaters across the 
country including the Milwaukee 
Rep. the Seattle Rep. the Alley 
Theatre in Houston and the Mark 
Taper Forum. He has also directed 
shows in the University of 
Washington. Ohio State University 
and the Pacific Conservatory for the 
Performing Arts in Santa Maria. 
California. Glover's frustration. as 
an actor. with authoritarian 
directors, who "give orders" rather 
than "ask questions." urged him to 
learn directing himself as a means of 
restoring theater to an artistic form 
dominated by the creative talent and 
effort of the actor. 

"Most of the theater that I see 
makes me angry because it is so 
sterile and boring. II Glover declares. 
"The reason for this is because most 
directors keep ruining the actor's 
work by telling the actor what to do. 
instead of waiting to see what the 
actor will bring the director. I don't 
believe that any good acting ever 
originates in the head of the director; 
rather. it only originates from the gut 
of the actor." 

Glover believes that the emphasis 
on slick. flashy. mega-bucks theater 
being produced for a profit in New 
York and elsewhere today is 
smothering the explosion of 
spontaeous. realistic human 
communication that occurs on stage 
when the actors' emotions and 
presence. and not the director's or 
designer's " concept, II are 
spotlighted. 

"Theater is a collective art." 
Glover states. "However. ultimately, 
the most important individual in the 
theater is the actor. I respect my 
actors very highly. I keep reminding 
them that they are more important 
than I am. Opening night,I won 't be 
on stage with them. They must take 
the show away from me, and allow it 
to become their celebration with the 

Glover 
audience, whom I call 'the last 
actor. · .. 

Glover asserts that the only way to 
prevent the demise of live theater is 
to ensure that live theater is offering 
something special-immedia te 
human interaction-which an 
audience cannot obtain from movies 
or television. First. however. he says. 
actors must free the theater from 
"godlike" directors and establish in 
their place, a director who functions 
as a "separate, but equal member of 
an ensemble which consists of 
actors, a stage manager, a playwright. 
designers and the director. II 

The impetus for this change. 

Glover believes. must emerge from 
the professional theater's training 
programs across the country, in 
which future ac;:tors and directors are 
perfecting their crafts. That is where 
Glover plays his part. 

"My father-in-law once told 
me.'You can't change the whole 
war ld. Bill. You can only change it an 
eighth of an inch,' II Glover says. "So 
I am trying to change my eighth of an 
inch by influencing the actors and 
the directors that I work with to 
create a play that offers the audience 
some special reason to want to come 
to the theater and to share in the 
celebration of a live performance. 

Opens 

N v. I, 1984 HialW 3 



TONIGHT. Thursday. Novemb<!r 1 9: 15 pm 

Rock (. roll With 

5ive lines up 

and guests 
FORTUNE 
HUNTERS 

Saturday. ovember 3 9: 1 5 pm 
Rockin ' rhythm (, blues with 

Sunday. November 4 
6·9 Pili. BOOGIE BWE SUNDAY 

f1VE CARELESS LOVERS 
with special guest 

HOLLYWOOD FATS 
9:30 pm . TIckets available at Belly Up Tavern (. licketmaster 

. Some hot licks 
.An accoustic concert ... 'iIIIIi.o .... 

DAN 
HICKS 

Wednesday. November 7 9 pm 
New music 

THE REFLECTORS 

and THE B1TE8 

Coming : Thursday. Novemb<!r 6 9 pm 

Soul queen 0( rock f, roll 
Featured "rtist in 

Olympics opening ceremony 

ElTAJAMES 
AND THE .lAJ111E8 GANG 

with guests 
.JUJU! &- THE BUlEI'LAIIIE 

Coming: 
Fnday. November 9-5 UNO UP 

Saturday, November 10- SP£I'ICEIl DAVIS GIIOUP 
Sunday November 11 - WIWE DIllOl'l and the 

. CIDCAGO BUIE8 AIL STAllS 
Thursday. November 15-LOB LOBOS and THE BEAT FAI!..IIIIEIlS 

Friday November 16-8UJ.YVEIlA&-THEBEA1'EIt8 
Sunday' November 16- BIlOWNIE JlkGHEE &- THE 

. BWEB 8OIl¥IYOII8 

FREE AFImtNOON COI'ICEIIT8 
HAPPY HOUR PRICES 7 DAYS A WEEK TO 7 PM 

Friday, 5:JO.8 pm- CIDCAGO 6 
Sunday. &9 pm - I'IYE CAllE' EBB LO¥EJtB with 

HOIJ.YWOOD PATS 
Wednesday. &8 pm- STONE'S THROW 

11IE BELLY UP CAPE-NOW OPEN 
Yes. we finally got our restaurant reopened and under our management ... 

great food ... check it out! 

PORINPORMAll0NCALL481·90Z2 

4 Hiatlu Nov. I , 1984 

The Eatbeat 

Life, death &. Roberto's 
By JEFF MUNIC 

Eating at UCSD exists in a set of 
two holy trinities, so to speak. As 
freshlben we eat at either Revelle 
Caf, Muir Cafor WarrenCaf. When 
we grow out of our "meal plan" 
stage, we graduate into the second of 
the holy trinities and eatat Roberto's 
in Solana Beach, Roberto's in Del 
Mar and Roberto's in Mira Mesa. 

Roberto'S, unlike its hamburgular 
couterparts, is not consistent from 
restaurant to restaurant; each has its 
good, along with its bad points. 
Some would consider it to be 
sacrilege to actually place judgement 
on Roberto's, but I am going to forge 
ahead and take my chances of falling 
victim to an extremist terrorist 
organization. 

By far the best Roberto's is in 
Solana Beach. This one is everything 
Roberto's is supposed to be. 
Ordering is done through an 
outdoor window giving it that "just 
back from the beach" feeling. There 
are never any new cooks at 
Roberto's (SB), so you never have to 
worry about inconsistency in the 
food from day to day. Roberto's 
(SB) is built upon tradition. I fear the 
day that they forget to say, "You 
want hot sauce?" to a cust~mer after 
he picks up his order. I would 
become beguiled and disencnanted if 
one out of every two chicken 
burritos did not have a bone in it. It 
is these traditions that keep 
Roberto's (SB) the favorite among 
the three main Roberto's. 

The Mira Mesa Roberto's is closer 
than Roberto's (SB), but it is missing 
that special Roberto's flair that is so 
imperative to the Roberto's 
experience. The food is just as good, 
but you have to go inside where-there 
is always a funny smell. The wall 
paper images of outdoor scenes just 
don't measure up to the real thing. 
Besides, Mira Mesa just isn't a true 
part of the UCSD community. Even 
though it is close to the school, it is 
too far away from the beach to be 
UCSD turf. One final word of 
caution, never go to Roberto's 
(MM) after midnight, because there 

are always people there you don't 
want to see. Trust me, it's a proven 
fact . 

If you've lived in or around Del 
Mar for any length of time, you'll 
remember that the Roberto's there 
used to be called Sleazello's Pizza. If 
you haven't, this should clear up the 
fact as to why it seems different than 
all the other Roberto's in the area. 
When the conversion took place, 
nothing about it was changed except 
the food. The little round red and 
blue seats just don't fit into the 
Roberto's genre. The kitchen is 
much too big for a Roberto's, and 
they don't even have chicken. To top 
it off, Roberto's (DM) isn't even 
open 24 hours. I have always looked 
at this Roberto's as a sort of a last 
resort, lcind of like Warren Cafeteria 
when I was a freshman. 

Finally, here's a quick word about 
the Mission Bay Roberto's. It's ok to 
go there after a rough day of sailing at 
MBAC some weekend, but don't 
consider it to be a part of the trinity. 
They serve fruit smoothies along 
with their tacos and burritos. You 
just have to draw the line somewhere. 

' ........ ,. I./J ... T ..... _ 
J .......... ... 
I. 't c::. .... J".. , ... 
V2 ......... { .. s tlr ••• ~ 

;==MOVIE GUIDE======;l 
Center Cinem .. 3 
1-8 at Stadium Way, Mission Valley 
297-1888 

Terminator. The &!tor's Edgc. Gi"" M1 
Regards 10 Broadstreet/Purple Rain 
Cinema 21 
Hotd Circle, Mission Valley at 1-8 
291-2121 

Pla.;cs in ehe Heart. 
Cinerama 
5889 University Ave. 
583-6201 

AmadL'W 

Clairemont 
4140 Clairemont Mesa Blvd. 
274·090l 

Red Dawn/Crtme.! of Pa.l.lion, in 
Gho.ltiJwter.s/lCL'fnan 
Cove 
7730 Girard Ave. 
459·5404 

L'Ece' Meurtri..'I' (One Deadl1 Summer) 
Fabion Valley of 
IlO Fashion Valley 
291-4404 

UI1Ie Drvmmer Girl. Thief of HearlJ, All 
of Me, American Dreamer 
Fine Ana 
1818 Garnet Ave. 
274-4000 

The Gods MUJt Be Crat:y 
The Guild 
3827 Fifth Ave. 
295-2000 

Choose Me 

La JoUa Villqe of 
8879 Villa La Jolla Dr. 
"53-7831 

Terror in ehe Auks. Gi!!e M, Regards co 
Broadstreet/Purple Rain. 8001 Double, First 
Born 
Loma 
3150 Rosecrans 
2H-33+4 

A Soldier' .I Scary 
Sporo Arena 6 
3350 Sports Arena Blvd. 
223·5333 

Thief of Heans/The Rator's Edge, 
Glwsehu.scers, Karate Kid , 8001 Double, Firse 
Born. American Dreamer, l.ooclines 
United Artilu GI_howe 6 
Glasshouse Square 
223-2546 

Terror in en., AISleS, Lmlc DrummL'r Girl, 
All of Mc/ ITTccondlable Differences, 
Teadlers, Termlnacor, Red D<lwn/ScarTrek 
111 
Univenity Towne Center 6 
.. 525 La }olla Villille Dr. 
"52-7766 
All of Me/ Teacher" T tTminaror, Unie 
Drvmmer Gi,I, Thief of Heam / The &!tor's 
&life, Ameri.:an Dreamer, f..o.,dines 
VaUey Circle 
Million Valley Center West 

297·39~1 
Country 

DePalma 
By ETHAN FEERST 
& TOM RANKIN 

Brian De Palma has been long 
known for his lavish, indulgent, 
swirling visual maneuverinp. With 
Body Double he gropes for a new 
market, injecting his usual murder 
mystery bill of fare with the 
sensibilities aroused by the home 
VCR and music videos. He has 
created a new genre - a 
combination of pop and porn, a 
murder/ mystery/ sex-ploitation ex-
travaganza that transcends all 
bounds of good taste, good theater 
and good sense. He is probably on 
the right track. 

Double 
that how you view women? 
De Palma: But now you're asking 
me to politicize it. This is essentially 
a murder/mystery. 
Press: I'm asking your opinion, not 
what the political ramifications are. 
De Palma: My opinion? Of women 
in general? 
PTeu: Yes. 
De Palma: As a person? 
Press: As a person. 
De Palma: I like women. 
Press: You like women? 
De Palma: I like to work with 
actresses. 
PTeu: In what sense? 
De Palma: I like to photograph 
them. Judging from De Palma's fielding 

of anxious questions at a recent 
Burbank Studios press conference, 
he knows exactly what he is doing. 
He expresses little concern about 
comments regarding the film's 
offhandedly offensive treatment of 
women. He calls himself a "visual 
stylist," concerned only with drama 
and decor - not with political or 
moral inferences. 

The old nuuteT of discuteT, BTian DePalma,1uu outdone ftifJUel{ in 'Body Double.' 
PTeu: Do you consider them as 
intelligent beings? 
De Palma: Yes I do. 

The "MTV Video" sequence in 
Bod;! Double, originally slated as a 
promotional scheme, was rejected 
out-of-hand by MTV programmers 
because of its accutely pornographic 
nature. It is exemplary of the film's 
ability to ride on the cutting edge of 
an R rating dealing explicitly with 
pornographic themes incorporated 
within a conventional genre 
structure. 

The story centers around Jake 
Scully, a despairing young actor who 
witnesses the killing of a woman, and 
then delves into the porno industry 
in an effort to find the murderer. His , 
efforts take him to the "body 
double," a young porn queen who 
has played the role of seductress 
under the skilled direction of the 
killer. She has drawn jake's eye to 
the house where, later, a murder is 
played out for Jake, making for him 
an unwitting alibi. 

De Palma's trek leads one through 
a maze of scenarios laced with 
pseudo-porn subculture as an almost 
self-reflective take on Hollywood 
turned bad. The movie ventures 
onto the set of a low budget horror 
feature, where Jake initially tried to 
make his mark (he fared better in the 
porn market - an interesting 

observation on the state of the 
industry today). 

Watching Body Double unfold, one 
cannot help but think that De Palma 
is poking fun at his own craft. De 
Palma held the film's reins from 
typewriter to cutting room, and he 
seems to have infused it with a 
peculiar self depreciating sense of 
humor. Murder / mystery/sex-
ploitation would not seem to lend 
itself to humorous treatment, but De 
Palma gets away with it. Insight into 
how and why he did it might be 
gained from his answers to queries 
directed to him at a recent press 
conference. 
PTeu: You originally wanted to 
make this an X. Why didn't you? 
De Palma: You can't make an X and 
get it distributed today. You're 
supposed to be able to get an X and 
open a movie, but no major 
distribution company will distribute 
it and_!lewspapers ~on't advertise it. 
PTeu: Do you think the X rating 
should be redefined? 
De Palma: I don't think it should be 
discriminatory in the sense that you 
can't release your movie. But that's 
what's happened. I think the ratings 
board has a place. You should know, 
if you're going to see a movie as a 
parent, what your children may be 
exposed to. There's no question 
about it. On the other hand, if you 
wanted to be the James Joyce of the 
cinema, you would never get to first 
base. 

LA JOLLA MUSEUM OF CONTEMPORARY ART 

TIM MILLER 
"A performer who compresses the energy of a 

into one body."-Vi Voice 

DEMOCRACY IN AMERICA 
Saturday. November 10. at 8:00 pm 

Admission : $5.00 LJMOCA mem!>ers. students, seniors. 
$7.00 general. 

LA JOLLA MUSEUM OF CONTEMPORARY ART 
700 Prospect St.. La Joll • . Reservations (619) 454-3541 
Tickets also available at the S.D.S.U. Aztec Center and 

U.C.S.D. Student Center box offices. 
lThis program IS part ot 

PERFORMANCE PARAMETERS 
A series funded in part by a grant from the California Arts Council 
Special thank s to Brooklyn Academy of Music Ne.t Wave Festoval 

Touring Program. 

Preu: [n relation to this film, do you 
watch a lot of pornography? 
De Palma: Well, I did watch a lot of 
pornography to find out what it was 
all about ... yes. 
Preu: What do you think of 
pornography? 
De Palma: I think it's OK. I can get 
along with it. It seems to be there for 
a purpose. 
Preu: What do you think of how 
you portray women? ... The kinds of 
positions you put them in? 
De Palma: I don't like to be put in a 
political position. This is essentially 
a murder/mystery. I'm not making 
any grand statements about women 
in the world. [ have a woman who's 
killed in a murder. I've made movies 
where I've had Columbian drug 
dealers killed. I don't see the 
djfference essentially. They're all 
fiction as far as I'm concerned. 
PTe .. : I realize it may be 
unintentional, but you put those 
characters in those positions, and it 
is your film, and it seems to me that 
the women are all portrayed as 
victims. 
De Palma: Victims of what? 
Victims of my story? What would 
you suggest? If you are taking that 
position, how would you make 
people who are dealing with fictional 
material put women in more positive 
terms? 
PTeu: I'm not saying you should. 
I'm asking what your opinion is. ls 

DebtS 
HAIR 
DESIGN 

PTeu: They never are portrayed that 
way in your films. 
De Palma: I would say I've had 
some very strong women characters 
in my films, going even as far back as 
Sisters. My women are very strong 
women. They are not pushovers, for 
the most part. They are not victims. 
Press: What is it about the 
murder/ mystery genre that attracts 
you? 
De Palma: It lends itself to pure, 
cinematic storytelling. It's non-
verbal. It's almost like silent film 
making. 
Preu: You're probably very used to 
critical attacks. What are your 
feelings on them? 
De Palma: It's certainly not pleasant 
to be attacked. On the other hand, 
I'm interested in visual storytelling, 
and suspense stories lend you the 
ability to do that. [ look to cinematic 
forms-chases, stalking, murders-
things lilce that, which are primarily 
cinematic forms. But it is true. I do 
get criticized. People say, "How can 
you be violent" or "How can you do 
this or that." But that's what I'm 
trying to do. And I think anybody 
who looks at the movie will see that. 
Preu: You seem to be having an 
awful lot of fun while making this 
movie. 
De Palma: Making movies is no fun. 
It has a certain kind of sense of 
humor about it, yes. But the whole 
process of making a movie and 
getting it financed and cast is never a 
particularly fun experience. 

l'red.NoII"",e adI foT _ $lJ (IPJ(I. 'IB) 
rNcUIcNI-."c c.,.,., _ "0 (reg. '13) 

DlNdIoIuI ,.,.. 'JJ '" $«J} ~ ..... (/till MJ $lt ,reg. W)) 
...... Iauw .,...,. '15(,. UII) Cd,.".... ju (reg. '2" 

GIll! ,..,. ".., _ ,a (,. IJj, 
GIII! ...... -.. _ m '. IJj) 

Sperla!IrII III 111«" ,.., 
A (IIU ~ .MIGII 

7610IJ UII. "'" M ("-~ Dr. ~ 16J) .... , 
,.,.. ..... ((omtetf, w JoIII ClItfIIIg Co.) 1J1 f'eMf St. .. .101 .. 

UfJ.1l70 ... ,eu 

SpecIlQ good IIIItII MI IIIitII JdtIctetl .tIfIUU lIInw.fIt U I U/IH 

Nov. 1, 1984 H..... S 



From o ut of the woodwork and into our office crawled the 
Halloween Poet, Ed Francisco, leaving h is verses behind, Cats 
and dogs sleeping together, and we must all remember, the 
chi ldren are buried under the swingset. 

UM98 welcomes 

PAT METHENY 
GROUP 

Novembcr 11, Sunday 
8:00p.m., UCSD Gym 

G.A.$13.00 
1'KMiTNJN"(i)T£L£TI\ON" 77CK"~/~ .. 
& UCSD Box Office: 451-4559 

presented by 
... _ UCSD's University Evcnts Officc_ ...... 
6 Hiatus Nov. 1, 1984 

Spirits are come unto thiJ Nipt--
With Goblins, Ghouls, and Vampires to t'righd 

The air is dead with Black and Dread 
--And Fear once more claims Harts tonIPtI 

o harken thee! thou Ilevellen bel 
Bok tight thy Homa.nd hide well the Keyf 

Steellt1'Onl thy WiD, keep fil'll) they N 
-For if DOt chis yeu, 'Nat .taU n..., Me •• ,. 

. . 

UCSD Theatre presents 

TRELA WNY OF THE uWELLS" 
starring Eric Christmas 

!tAn unabashedly sentimental comedy about 
life in the theatre ... sparkles with wit and 
romance..... Gottfried, NY Times 

MANDELL WEISS CENTER for the 
PERFORMING ARTS 

NOVEMBER 1'4, 8'11 
8 pm/7 pm Sunday 

$5.00,$8.00 
452 '4574 

Tickets available at W eiss Center Ticket Office 
U EO Box Office and Ticketron. 

-- Goings on ---
Keeping with the growing 

awareness for hispan ic theater in 
America the Old Globe is 
hosting the renowned EI Teatro 
Campesino's production of 
CorridOi. Corridos is a modern 
folk musical written and directed 
by Luis Valdez the creator of Zoot 
Suil . Corrido! will run through 
Sunday with shows at 8 pm and 
weekend matinees. 239-2255. 

* * * 
In the tradition of the Little 

Rascals the San Diego Junior 
Theater will present Once 
Upon a Mattreu the musical 
version of Hans Christian 
Anderson's The PrinceS! and the 
Pea . Once Upon a Mattress will be 
staged Friday at 7:30 pm and 
Saturday at 2 pm in the Casa Del 
Prado Theater in Balboa Park. 
239-8359. 

* * * 
Woodie Guthrie emerged 

from the working class of 
America to become the great folk 
voice of the twentieth century. 
Woodie Guthrie, a play of the life 
and the music of the man will be 
staged Saturday at 8 pm in the 
San Diego Repertory Theater. 
235-8025. 

* * * For some time, it has been 
fashionable for the San Diego 
Opera to stage fairy tales which 
haye been brought to the opera 
house. This year the SDO has 
chosen Englebert Humper-
dinck's timeless version of 
Hamel and Gretel, the tale of 
two children about to be eaten by 
a witch. Hansel and Gretel will be 
staged at the Civic Theater 
downtown Saturday at 8 pm. 
236-6510. 

* * * 
Flutist John Seba.tian 

Winaton will give a recital 
Friday at 8 pm in Room 8-210 in 
Mandeville. This concert is the 
first of three flute recitals to be 
presented by the music 
department. The featured pieces 
are Vox Balanae, a piece for 
electronic flute, cello and piano 
by George Crumb; Albert 
Roussel's Joueurs de flute and 
Stravinsky's Four Russian Songs 
for flute, guitar and harp. The 
concert is free and open to the 
public. 452-3229. 

* * * 
Rod Stewart has emerged as 

the only continuing talent from 
the 60s band the Faces. Now, 
Stewart is drifting back onto pop 
radio, endorsing Canada Dry 
Ginger Ale and rapidly becoming 
the best thing since sliced bread 
once again. Sunday, hardcore 
Stewart fans will be able to catch 
their idol at the Sports Arena. 
224-4176. 

* * * The progressive music club 
Club 10 has moved to Mom's 
Saloon in Pacific Beach. For the 

~st and possibly the weirdest 
night of your life go to Club 10. 
They haven't lost anybody yet. 
454-0856. 

* * * The Mahavithnu On:h~ 
tn, featuring John Mclaughlin · 
on guitar once was at the 
forefront of progressive jazz rock 
fusion. Like many of their music 
peers, they have lost much of 
their audience leaving their 
performance options to small 
clubs. This is a good advantage 
for the hardcore Mahavishnu 

UCSD THEATRE Presents 

fan, as they call themselves now, 
in that for a slightly higher ticket 
price they are given a more 
intimate atmosphere to view the 
band. Mahavishnu will perform 
at the Rodeo at 8 pm Sunday: 

Wednesday, Georse Howard 
will perform at the Rodeo. 457-
5590. 

* * * Gimme Some Lovin, it's 1984 
and the Spencer Davit Group 

Rock and Roll Animal. The illustrious and notorious 
Lou Reed is headed back to San Diego. The veteran of the 
Velvet Underground will be at the Fox Theatre Sunday 
night along with a new band from Athens, Ga. called 
Swimming Pool Qs. 231-3554. 

is back for more. Spencer Davis 
made waves in the 60's with his 
own brand of blues based rock. 
He will be headlining at the Belly 
Up Tavern next Saturday. This 
week the Belly Up brings: Jack 
Mack and the Heart Attack, 
Thursday at 8 pm and Private 
Domain Friday and Saturday. 

* * * 
Friday, Harold and Maude 

will be screened at 6,8 and 10 pm 
in USB 2722. Tickets for Harold 
and Maude are $1. 75 at the Box 
Office. There will be a Talent 
Showcase by the Company of 
devloping artists in the Muir 
Cafeteria at 8 pm. Admission is 
$2.50. CWO will have a free 
film, Chant of Jimmy Blacksmith 
at 7 pm in TLH 107. 

* * * Bruce Pfeiffer will give a 
lecture on the architecture of 
Frank Lloyd Wright tonight, 
Thursday at 7:30 pm. Pfeiffer is 
the director of the Frank Lloyd 
Wright Memorial Foundation 
and is a well known authoriry on 
the subject of F. L. Wright. 
Admission is $5 for students and 
$7 GA. The lecture will be held 
at the La Jolla Museum of 
Contemporary Art. 454-3541. 

If you would like an 
ewnt included in Goings 
On please send it to B-oI6, 
UCSD, La Jolla, 92093 or 
call 452-3466. The 
deadline for listings is 
Monday at noon. 

TIle rip-fl)dfillq (onl('d~ · ~ho"' 
llldt ~' ill Kll0ck \\)U 

out of your ~(,dt ~ 
., 'Second City' is brillidI\t.·· "Subtly & Superbly funny!" 

- TIME I'\AGAZI~E - :'iE": YOQIU>\ )".1 

Touring 
Company 

• 
• 

Directed by Arthur Wagner 

MANDEVILLE RECITAL HALL 

NOVEMBER 8-11, 15-11t 
8 pm / 7 pm Sunday 

$4 /General / 452-4574 
November 10, Saturday, 8:00 p.m. 

Mandeville Auditorium 
G.A. 59.00, Students 57.00 

UCSD Fac/StafI & Sr. Citizens 58.00 
~iTNlN'~T£L£TN1N " Tickets et Mendell Weiss Center, 

& UCSD Box Office: 452-4559 
presented by UCSD University Events Office_-----' 

'----

UCSD UniveBity Events Box Omce end Tickctron. 
VIse end Mastercard accepted. 

Nov. 1, 1984 HiclCUI 7 



UCSD Theatre 
1984-85 Season 

Mandell Weiss Center for the Perfonning Arts 
ExPLORATIONS IN THFATRE 

THAT SIGNAL NEW DIRECTIONS 
FOR THE DRAMATIC ARTS 

FALL 

TRElAWNY OF THE ''WELLS'' 
An unabashedly sentimental comedy 
about life in the theatre that "sparkles 
With wit.. .with just the right 
combination of bubbly farce and 
hearts-and-flowers romance ." 
Starring Eric Christmas. 
October 31 - November 11 

W,NTER 

THE POSSESSED 
New York director Walton Jones 
adapts Dostoevsky's novel in 
collaboration with designer Richard 
Riddell. Walton Jones is the 
celebrated regional and Broadway 
director who premierec! John 
Pjelmeier's "Agnes of God," winner of 
Best Play in 1980 at Actor's Theatre of 
Louisville. 
February 6-17 

SPRING 

CURSE OF THE 
STARVING CLASS 
Sam Shepard's powerful play a~out a 
family that is starving-not so much 
for food, but for life-is arresting in 
both its crudity and tenderness. 
Called a "work of eloquent intensity 
and whirlwind farce .... " 
May 1-12 

--

PLUS A BONUS OF IWO GRADUATE REPERTORY PLAYS 
The Chinese operetta "Shachiapang" and Barrie Keeffe's 
bawdy satire "Frozen Assets," playing on alternate evenings 

March 5 - 1 7. See the same actor play different roles in two productions! 

5 Plays for Only $18! 
r-----------------------------------------------------------------~ I 0 PLEASE SEND ME A COpy OF THE SUBSCRIPTIONS: I 
I 1984-85 SEASON BROCHURE RIGHT AWAY! /I of Preview subscriptions or Student S : 
: NAME subscriptions.,.--at S18 I 
I /I of UCSD Faculty/StaR' S I 
I ADDRESS subscriptions __ at $23 I 
: /I of Regular subscriptions __ at 525 S : 
I CIlY ZIP CODE -- HA!'IJDLlNG CHARGE S 1.00 I 
: PHONE # (DAY) (EVE) TOTAL S : 
: DAY OF A TIENDANCE: (Write I for iiI'S( choice, 2 for second choice) METHOD OF PAYMENT: : 
I Week One. __ Preview· _ Th·· (Opemng) _ Fr _ Sa _ u _ Visa _ MaSlelCard __ # Exp.Dacc-- I 
I Week Two: _ Th _ Fr _ Sa _ Su _ Check enclosed (Payable to U.c. Regents) I 
I .Preview subscription tickets are not eligible for exchange and seating is not reserved. MAIL TO: UCSD Drama Dept., 8-0 .... , LaJolla, : 
I Previews are on Wednesday evenings. CA 92093 0 h b h I 
I •• Friends of the fheatre receive priority consideration for Opening Night. For funher . / . r c arge y p one to I 
I infonnation call i5l-3793. VISa MasterCard at "52-3793. ~-----------------------------------------------------------------~ 

8 HwhU Nov. 1, 198 .. 


