
The -final plan 

The 107 pages in this 
book represent the develop-
ment plan Jor the La Jolla Fanns area 
adjacent to the campus which is owned by uc. This 
proposal will come beJore a community hearing today at 1 :30 pm. 

Story on page 7. 



The Greater San Diego Special 
Olympics Meet will be held June l-J at 
San Diego State. Seven hundred athletes 
from San Diego and southern Californta 
will participate in the event . The meet, 
which will include a vanety of sports, 
will be the highlight of the year for 
those athletes who have been training 
hard all year. In addition to the 
competition , there will be SpOrts clinics, 
demonstrations , dances, vanety shows 
and celebrities. KGTV will also be there 
to capture the biggest meet that 's ever 
been held in San Diego. It's open to the 
public and admission is free . 

o 
The Skin Cancer Clinic at the UCSD 

Medical Center has developed a new 
method for removal of basal or 
squamous cell skin cancers that is 
particularly effective in ueating lesions 
on the face and neck. Mohs' 
h istographic surgery, developed by 
Frederick Mohs, MD, from the 
U niversity of Wisconsin, utilizes layered 
mapping of skin cancer lesions in order 
to microscopically control excisions and 
remove cancerous tissue in the most 
effective way with the least amount of 
tissue removak This method is 
particularly effective for recurring 
cancers and those on the nose, ear or 
other facial areas where tissue 
conservation is very important. 

o 
The deadline for requeSling an 

absentee baUot is Tuesday, May 29. If 
you wish to vote absentee, you must 
send the registrar of voters a written 
request stating your registered name , 
registered address, and where the 
offiCial ballot is to be sent. ThiS written 
request must reach the Regis trar of 
Voters Office no later than 5 pm on 
May 29. 

o 
The California Public Interest 

Research Group (CaIPIRG) has released 
a stateWide study of Cahfornia grocery 
stores and their grocery Item pricing 
practlces. The study revealed that 
computerized check-out register stores 
are not pricmg individual items as 
required by law. Of the scanner stores 
surveyed, the lowest percentage of item-
pncing occurred at Ralphs with an 
average of J%. "Item pricing is 
important to consumers because it is the 
only way a consumer can determine 
whether or not he is being charged the 
correct price," said Carmen Gonzalez, 
Consumer Program Director. Albenson's 

1968 ... 
Lewis Claybourne, a speCial assistant 

to (he SoliCItor General of the United 
States, spoke to a small audience 
Tuesday night in the Revelle Cafeteria 
on the legalities of passive and active 
draft resistance. Accordi ng to Dr. 
Claybourne, passive resistance involves 
only the resistor himself; leaving the 
country or facing jail fo r refusal to serve 
in the a rmed forces are rwo exam ples. 
Active resistance, he continued, includes 
anti -draft counseling and the aiding and 
abetting of such unlawful acts. 
1969 ... 

had the best record for pricing 
consumer items. alP1RG ,llso relca ed a 
statewide unit pricing surve)', indicating 
that the Wide vanery of brands and 
ungraduated sizes makes It difficult for a 
consumer to ftnd the best bargain by 
companson shopptng "California 
onsume rs face confusi ng and frequently 

impossible burdens 10 their efforts to be 
'sman shoppers.' The need for remedial 
legislatlon is clear," said Andy Smyser, 
CalPIRG Consumer Issue SpeCialist. 

o 
A Memorial Day Concert will be 

presented by the National Park Service 
and the Marine Corps Recruit Depot at 
6:JO pm on Monday, May 28 at Cabrillo 
National Monument on Point Lorna. The 
combined concert and stage bands of 
the Recruit Depot will perform 
traditional patriotic pieces as well as 
melodies from Broadway shows and the 
Big Band era. Concert goers are 
encouraged to bring lawn c hairs , warm 
sweaters and a flashlight. The concert is 
free . 

o 
Persons with high blood pressure are 

needed for a UCSD Medical Center 
study to determine new forms of 
treaunem. Volunteers will receive a 
thorough medical examination and 
treatment for up to two years. All 
treaunents are free , and some volumeers 
will be paid for their participation in 
additional testing. Participants must be 
between the ages of 18 and 69 and not 
be pregnant or nursing mothers. For 
more information, call 294-3716. 

o 
The US fish and Wildlife Service has 

begun a study to conSider establishing 
another condor refuge in southern 
California. There are currently two 
Natlonal Wildlife Refuges (Hopper 
Mountain and Blue Ridge) administered 
by the Fish and Wildlife Service for 
California Condors. The proposed new 
refuge will complement these existing 
refuges and sanctuaries, and will further 
strengthen other effons being made by 
the Californta Department of Fish and 
Game and others to save the condor 
from extinction. The area being studied 
for the proposed refuge encompasses 
apprOXimately 22,000 acres. All condors 
known to exist in the wild have used 
this area at various times. Landowners, 
public agencies and other Interested 
parties are being contacted for their 
input in the study. For further 
information, call (50J) 231-22J3. 

Participants in the strike ( the UCSD 
branch of the systemWide strike 
presently occurring) made several 
important deciSions at a meeti ng called 
last night. Attended by about 500 
strikers, the meeting began with 
informat ion from other UC campuses 
and a statement by UC President Hitch . 
Nobel laureate Lmus Pauling callt;d for 
putting the strike demands in an entlTe 
sociaVmoral context. O ne proposal was 
to move the Berkeley students, faculty 
and classes to other UC campuses unt il 
the National Guard and police are 
removed from the campus. 

Andrea Hart, campaigning on campus for her Jather Gary, aimed her speech at students. 

Hart's daughter 
visits for votes· 
By SEAN WAGSTAFF 

Appearing at a campaign rally on 
Revelle Plaza Tuesday, Andrea Hart 
spoke on behalf of her father, Gary Hart. 

Gary Hart is trying to win enough 
votes in the remainmg state primaries 
(California's is June 5) to edge past 
Walter Mondale for the Democratic 
nomination . 

Andrea Hart is a 20-year-old 
sophomore and physical anthropology 
major at the University of Maryland . She 
left school last fall to begin making 
appearances in support of her father's 
campaign. 

Hart's speech was directed to 
students. 

The present administration's cutbacks , 
particularly in education, have hurt us, 
Hart said. 

Gary Hart feels students have a right 
to continue their education , and would 
see that educational funds that have 
been cut by the Reagan administration 
should be reinstated to insure that 
students continue to be supplied with 
quality educations, she said. 

Hart described her fa ther as a "person 
with a life-long commitment to politiCS." 

The pres idential candidate began his 
political career as a Sludent volunteer on 
the John Kennedy campaign. In 1974, 
he was elected as a US Senator from 
Colorado. He was re-e1ected in 1980. 

1970 .. . 
An 18-member delegation comprised 

of students, faculty and non-academic 
staff representing UCSD went to 
Washington DC last week to present its 
dlssatlsfactlon With the Nixon 
Administration's policy in Southeast 
Asia. The delegation , supponed by a 
campuswide fund-raiSing drive , chose 
lobbying as its method of expressing the 
frustration of the community which it 
represents. Student delegations were 
nothing new on Capitol Hill that week. 
Ever since President Nixon's 
announceme nt of the Cambodian 
invasion, student delegations from all 
over the country have appeared in 
droves. 
1971... 

A Black U1w Collective is the first 
project Ken Carr is organiZing as newly-
elected commi ss ioner of external affairs. 
The development of this collective , says 
Carr, has sprung from the awareness 
that the Black man in America has been 
systematically o pposed by laws which 
extend rights and protectlon only to 
white Americans. The function of the 
collective will be "educating Black 

Hart was enthusiastic about her 
father'S possibilities of winning the 
presidential race. She warned her 
audience , though , that in order for Hart 
to win, "You must exercise your right to 
vote. 

"We will defeat Ronald Reagan in 
November," Han added. 

The Democrats could have an open 
convention for the first time in decades. 
For this to happen, neither Han, Walter 
Mondale o r Jesse Jackson would win a 
majority of convention delegates. In 
such a situation, the candidates would 
be free to trade votes and campaign 
favors amongst each other. Han feels 
that in an open convention, her father 
would be able to sway voters from the 
Democratic competition to his side. 

Hart's stance on the issues includes 
among others: "strong support for a ' 
nuclear arms freeze and major arsenal 
reductions with the Soviet Union "; a 
halt to military aid for Central America; 
and the c reation of "the best educational 
system in the world ." 

Whether or not Hart's campaign will 
wm him the presidency or even the 
Democratic nomination, for that matter, 
remains to be seen. Andrea Hart's goals 
are clear in the matter, however. "We 
want to send Ronald Reagan back to his 
ranch in California," she said. 

people on a survival level concerning 
the man's law. We will develop whatever 
is necessary to alleviate the shocking 
shortage of Black lawyers that exists. But 
foremost , we will unite to overthrow the 
legal gorilla that rides the back of every 
Black man, woman and baby in 
America ," said Carr. 
1972 ... 

Joseph Watson , provost of Third 
College, submitted his reSignation to 
Chancellor William McElroy 
Wednesday. Watson 's action was based 
on a statement released by McElroy, 
which in part stated , "I do not believe 
Third College can survive under the 
present conditions, nor do I believe it is 
worth continuing unless it can be of 
first-rate academic quality and can 
attract superior students." The 
Lumumba-Zapata Steering Committee, 
which in recent weeks has been asking 
for the reSignation of Dr. Watson and 
for adherence to the guidelines 
formulated at Third 's inception, 
responded to Watson's resignation letter 
with suppOrt but rejected McElroy'S 
Slatement. 

- Christopher Canole 

Controversy surfaces 
over referendum 
By SEAN WAGSTAFF 

The Student Center referendum, 
which is in its fourth day of balloting. 
may not require a 20% voter turnout 
and simple majority to pass, but instead, 
may reqUire a 25% turnout and rwo-
thirds majority. 

The fact that no one is certain what 
the appropriate ballot figures actually 
are, in the fourth day of a five-day 
voting period, has prompted some to 
suggest mismanagement and 
disorganization in the Sll million-plus 
project. 

On Tuesday, May 21, a memorandum 
was sent from the Committee for 
Responsible Spending to Joe Watson, 

vice chancellor of undergraduate affairs. 
The memorandum pointed out that if 

the Student Center referendum is 
passed, it will impose a mandatory fee 
increase, which has a strictly different 
set of rules than that governing a 
voluntary fee increase . 

University oj California Policies and UC 
San Diego Campus Regulations Applying to 
Campus Activities, 0rxan izations, and 
Students is adapted from the official 
policy book for all student organizations 
in the UC system, with some niles that 
apply only to UCSD. 

The handbook has a section 
concerning student organizations which 

Jackson address 
at State Capitol 

By JACKIE AFFONSO 
Sacnammto Comspondmt 

Presidential candidate Reverend Jesse 
Jackson accused the United States 
governmem of depriving its own people 
by aiding other nations with American 
military and corporate sUppOrt, at a 
campaign rally in Sacramento last 
Wednesday. . 

Cheers of agreement were heard from 
about 2,000 supporters who gathered on 
the State Capitol lawn to hear Jackson's 
first speech in California. 

Jackson said corporations which 
make so much money and pay Iitde 
taxes should not be allowed to relocate , 
"taking our jobs to Taiwan, South Africa 
and Korea." Likewise, he said, we 
should- not cut aid to American 
education and send it to other 
countries. 

"That's not right," he shouted. 
The government's foreign military and 

trade involvements do not benefit the' 
15% of the nation's hungry, clean the 
air or help children rise up out of the 
ghettos, Jackson said. 

"We must choose feeding not fighting 
... developed minds over guided missiles 
... schools over jails ... the human race 

over the nuclear race," he said, 
Jackson described his leadership as 

one which unites all individuals , 
especially those rejected by socieiy, 
under a spirit of humanity -
"mobilizing them from the bottom up 
and not from the top down . 

"Our nation is off course, we need a 
new course , a new mission and new 
leadership" .. If I'm elected, we'll have an 
environmental protection agency th~t 
will protect the environment and not 
the agents," Jackson said. 

He compared the unionization of 
individuals to rags, which once sewn 
together become a whole piece of cloth , 
a member of SOCiety. 

"There are just too many Americans 
made to feel unwelcome in their own 
home," Jackson said . 

He welcomed aliens , especially 
Hispanics, into the countty. "Hispanics 
must be granted the full citizenship and 
not walk around in the fields all day," 
Jackson said. 

Jackson also urged Americans to 
accept others, as "everybody is 
somebody." 

THE CHART HOUSE 
Slab • Seafood· Prime Rib 

AT: The Chart House 

OPEN HOUSE AND 
PRESENTATION ON 

MANAGEMENT 
OPPORTUNITIES 

2588 S, Hwy, 101 
Cardiff By The Sea 

DATE: Saturday, June 9th 
nME: 10:30 - 12:30 
For further Information call 
Richard or Diana 755-&281 

All our stores celebrate our new Old Town location 

GRAND OPENING SALE 
r---~h~~W~-~~---' 
, Cal Iv- • Squcn • Ftench WcIyIarer • Qlacler style , 
I Solis ~158Wnerd LoIcnJ l>tJOn.nlJ I 
" Rayban Waylat.,. ;35.45 $25 : 
, 4 cOl",s. 2 sIZes , 
, Waytar. Look AI... S4-8 $1.99 , 
L _____ ~~~~~_~~ ____ J 

Don't pay too much 'or IUngla .... : We've got the lowest 
prices and best selection from $2.99 to $249.95 

Vuar'*. Carrera - Raybon. $lyle Eye.· SunctoUCI- Hob .. - luccl-Iolle. CeDe. Ek: ., .Ie. 

P(U;i~C &tteJ. £74 
Old tawn 

2461 Son Diego Ave. 
(nexl to' Old Town Me~icon Core) 

6~ 

Open 7 Daya and Nighta 
La Jolla 

1030 Torrey Pines f'ld 
( ne~t to Yogurt AIIolr) 

.w-e006 

EnclnllOa 
745 Firsl 51. 

(LumberyOrd Shoppng CantOl) 
942-0337 

states that for "voluntary fee 
referendums voted during special 
elections, the voring pool shall be 
defined as one-fifth [20%1 or more of 
the affected students registered. A 
majority of those voring must vote in 
favor of the collection fee." 

The Student Center referendum is 
mandatory, not voluntary, but there is 
no reference under Student 
Organizations concerning mandatory 
fees. 

There is a section under Student 
Government which covers the 
procedures for implementing a 
mandatory fee to support a student 
government. It requires that 25% of all 
registered students vote to approve the 
fee , with a two-thirds majority. 

In either case, balloting procedures 
for the Student Center are not covered 
explicitly. 

Reggie Williams of the Committee for 
Responsible Spending (also editor of the 
new indicator) claims that the absence of 
a rule specifically covering the Student 
Center is due to the fact that never 
before has a mandatory fee increase 
been proposed for a non-AS project 

The controversy over the referendum 
was not caused strictly by an unclear 
regulation book, but also by a memo 
distributed by Chancellor Atkinson in 
April of 1981 - five months before the 
regulations book was approved. 

The memo was Atkinson 's response to 
complaints from the AS that because the 
student body took little interest in AS 
funding, the 25% required turnout and 
two-thirds majority support was an 
unrealistic figure . 

Atkinson's memo established a new 
set of "requirements which will ~ide 
our response to referendums on fees." 

The new set of guidelines were as 
follows: 
- an affirmative vote of rwo-thirds or 
more would automatically submit the 
referendum to the Regents for approval ; 
- an affirmative vote of less than rwo-
thirds , but better than 50%, sends the 
referendum to the Chancellor fer 
consideration to be submitted to the 
Regents; 
- for special elections, the voting pool 
must be at least 20% of the student 
population. 

According to Randy Woodard (keeper 
of rules and regulations ), the Atkinson 
memo is the document that was used to 
determine the numbers used for the 
referendum. The Student Center Board 
cited the 20% turnout figure on several 
occasions, and placed it in Guardian 
advertiSing. 

Either no one involved with the 
project knew there were conflicting rules 
in the handbook, or the Student Center 
administration chose to ignore this fact. 

Both possibilities have raised $ome 

Vice-chancellor Joe Watson: "It appears 
as though we have conflicting policieS ... 

eyebrows. Critics claim that for an Sll 
million project, the administration 
should know the rules and follow them 
before putting the issue to vote. 

When the subject came up on 
Tuesday, Watson said , "It appears as 
though we have twO conflicting 
policies." He added that the matter was 
"being investigated: On Wednesday, 
Watson was out of town , and Woodard 
said he hoped to have an answer as to 
the validity of the "20/ 50" rule by Friday 
night. 

Woodard echoed Watson's comment, 
saying, "It certainly shows we've had a 
competing set of rules and regulations: 

Tom Tucker, chairman of the Student 
Center Planning Commission, refused to 
comment on the validity of the 
referendum rules. He referred the 
Guardian to Randy Woodard. 

Tucker also would not speculate as to 
whether the referendum controversy 
would have any effect on the reputation 
of the Student Center administration, 
again , until Woodard's decision. 

Tucker was emphatiC that the 
referendum ballot would be used 
regardless of Woodard's decision, and 
that therefore a turnout of less than 20% 
or more than 25% will guarantee that 
the referendum will either sink or swim 
in that respect. 

When the possibility was suggested to 
Woodard that his decision was being 
postponed until after the elections to 
prevent any possible negative effects on 
the election , he denied it, saying that he 
simply did not have the time to do it 
now. 

"I have a referendum to do, people to 
see and I certainly won't do it after 
hours ," he said. 

Volunteers needed ~ an allerw study using a new treatment - 18 to 60 years of age 
with I'layfever /Itchlng in ~ & eyes with sneezing & nasal congestion caused by 
pollens). This ~ Includes: 

• SISO ~ /pao,ment for oartidpation) • COI'lIIe1ie1tIy scheduled visits 
• Free allergy and blood testing • Total time - less than 10 hours 

For further information WIII._ ..... kow, M.D. 4J6..98I Wi" ..... wall .. , M.D. 7550671. 
Soard Certified .Nlerglsts ~ location - Encinitas ..,d Sola'la Beach 

lOll Camino Del Mar, Suilt l08, Del Mar / "81-6739 

Now Offers 
• Complete Skin Care & MakeUp Techniques 
• Manicures, Pedicures & Sculptured Nails 

Classes available. 

Hair Design Special 
Women 's Style $17 

Men' Style $14 
(first tllne only - TlIn) 



.. May 24, 1984 
OPI~IOJ\ 

. . .' ~. , . ..,' .' .' 

Editorial 

A horse without a rider 
UCSD students are divided into three categories: 

those with cars and culture, those without cars or 
culture, and those with well-developed legs and 
culture, This situation arises from our campus having 
been plopped down in the middle of Pueblo land, far 
removed from the madding crowd, This is all right 
for academic sweats, and no doubt that is what our 
founders intended us all to be, but for the ordinary 
student, who wishes to attack the humanities 
sequence of life, it is necessary for the campus to be 
within reasonable distance of the purlieus of life. 

Or for .the purlieus of life to be within reasonable 
distance of the campus, and that is what is about to 
happen as part of the Blackhorse Farms project. The 
Young Urban Professional silliness of the name (for 
Yuppies are attracted by whatever appears to be their 
complete antitheSiS, I suppose because it is so 
unpleasant being a Young Urban Professional) leads 
one to suspect that the development wil lack a 
certain reality. However, a surrealistic community 
close to UCSD is better than a real one unattainable 
by the earth-bound. 

Now that we are being surrounded with shopping 
malls and glass walls in La Jolla and what pretends 
very hard to be La Jolla, we hope that UCSD's 
contribution to commercial real estate will, if not 

n<eilit<err~n<eilit<eIr~n<efdt®Ir~n®frfr~Ir~n®fr' 
it<eIr~lettersn®ilit<eIr~n<efdt®rr~n®fdt<ef( 

Ir~n<efdt<eIr~n<eilit<eIr~n®fr\t<eIr~n<efdt<eIr~n 
n<eilit<eIr~n<eilit®Ir~n<eilit®Ir~n®ilit®If~n<e\t 
Editor: 

As a student of UCSD, I am 
very surprised about the 
methods, with which the 
University Center 
Planning/Building AdviSOry 
Committee tries to push the 
rderendurn for the University 

.Center through. With an 
expensive, one-sided campaign, 
the UCP/ BAC is rolling over the 
campus, while students with 
objections against the proposal 
are not conceded to use 
students' funds to express their 
opinion, which may differ in 
certain points but not necessarily 
in the need of a student center. 
This advertising is for me the 
most shameful outSide countries 
with an authoritarian or 
totalitarian regime I have ever 
seen. First, students shaU vote for 
a University Center, of which no 
detailed plan is published. I shall 
give a free hand to Tom Tucker 
and his committee to do with 
my parents' money what they 
co nsider to be the best for me. 
Students will have control, is 
said, but the administration has 
the opportunity to wreck a 
proposal with the veto. And I 
shall trust Tom Tucker, who has 
spent $6000 of student money 
for his campaign and the 
polling? Who defends the 
printing of the expensive 
brochures with: "When it comes 
to students, we try to do 
everything as high quality as we 
can"? And what is this man but 
going to do with the millions he 

. expects from the fund raising? 
Second: Generously, the 

chancellor offered one million 
dollar for the proposed chance 
of a University Center. Since the 
center would be a non-academic 
building, the state would nOt 
support the object with any 
means. But from the 
administration , it is regarded "to 
enhance the quality of campus 

life," so that it urges us to vote 
for the fictive center and our 
parents shall subsidize 
restaurants and other commercial 
businesses. The question, what is 
reaUy needed and what is 
superfluous in a University 
Center, is only discussed a very 
little due to a lack and a short 
time, during which the 
comminee has tried to push its 
referendum through. Meeting 
facilities and a 24-hour 
restaurant are needed , is said. 
But why for example is the 
Triton Pub, an existing facility to 
meet people, closed on Saturday 
nights, while we have such an 
urgent problem? And why is it 
impossible to extend the student 
center at a more modest rate 
than to build a new center for 
estimated $12.5 million (and the 
real COSts will be much higher) 
by a fee increase of 200%? 
Third, the students, who vote 
against the referendum, are not 
necessarily against the University 
Center, so far they only express 
their objections against the 
proposal of the UCP/ BAC. In 
The Guardian of May 2L, we 
could read the follOWing 
advertising characterizing these 
students: "Those few individuals 
whose views appear to the left 
chose not to participate in this 
year-long process (where was the 
choice, when the members of the 
comminee were appointed?). 
They are uninvolved, uninformed 
-(that is every student at UCSD) 
representatives of special 
interests directed by a non-
student (is Tom Tucker a 
student?). Their concerns are not 
with the quality of your future 
and the quality of student life at 
UCSD." To defame objectors in 
such a way instead of using 
arguments reminds of defaming 
policies in communist countries, 
where there is only a little 
interest in the people's real 

tasteful, restrained, collegiate and human itself, at 
least contain that which is. If that great public 
enterprise, the student center, turns into a high tech 
burger bar, the private entetprise of Blackhorse Farms 
will be all that is left for pay-as-you-go culture. If this 
development is saddled with the trappings of young 
urban professionalism, it will be merely a closer 
yniversity Towne Centre, probably with the 
accompanying anomalies in spelling. 

Then we can expect a rampant B. Daltonism, 
mercantilism dragged down to the lowest common 
denominator, which is just the denominator that 
appeals to Yuppies. Will retailers realize that students 
require something genuine, something extraordinary, 
to spend their genuinely and extraordinarily hard-
earned money on? Or is that what students require? 
Perhaps UCSD and its surrounding community is 
preparing us for plastic middle classism, or middle-
class plasticism, and perhaps we will not have a 
chance for a last fling before we descend into that 
inferno. 

We were given an instant university, and we are 
about to be handed an instant university community. 
The first was successful, and we have an 
approximation of the genuine article. Let us hope the 
second effort succeeds as well. 

needs. In the same style, we can 
read: "Not a Single student 
organization on this campus 
opposes this referendum." (But 
that does not imply that a single 
one supports it.) and finany: 
"Thousands of students can't be 
wrong!" (The masses, who were 
misled by Hitler could not be 
wrong?) Of course, we already 
came unanimously to a decision, 
and to feign democracy (which 
is necessary for fund raising), we 
will have a vote on the 
referendum. To show the 
students' freedom, we will have 
more voting booths than ever 
before - the result will be clear. 
When , in 1946, the first "free" 
elections were held in the 
German Democratic Republic , in 
many regiOns only one party 
appeared on the baUot due to a 
"mistake" of the printing 
machine . I was lucky that I got 
today one with two options and 
encourage every student, who 
finds rwo options on his ballot, 
to express his abhorrence of the 
authoritarian methods. 

Uwt Scheerer 

Editor: 
Spring fever. Education . 

MutuaUy exclusive, you may ask? 
Not really. Their interrelationship 
makes an interesting point about 
the subjectivity of education as a 
whole. As almost everyone is 
aware of the education one can 
anain on the beach, let me pull 
the discussion into the academic 
sphere. What really makes up 
the core of education and 
ultimately the "educated" person 
is a. wide ranging and fairly 
controversial subject (for 
example, can Brooke Shields 
reaUy ever be educated?). There 
are , however, certain given 
things in the educational process 
that do have a crucial impact on 
the way data and information are 
packaged in order for learning to 
occur: choice of curriculum, 
texts , even the sectionmg of the 
year into quarters or semesters, 
and then there is the choosmg 
of professors, perhaps the most 
influential factor an institution 
makes in the dissemination of 

the curriculum it is offering. The 
student body is an integral part 
of this institution, is making 
fairly huge sacrifices in order to 
acquire a useful foundation of 
knowledge with which to 
develop a career or skill, yet 

. seems to have painfuUy little say 
about which professors are 
chosen or retained at this 
University. 

As a huge intracampus protest 
would be a bit out of character 
for the '80s, perhaps a grass 
roots approach would be 
indicated . Recently, a smaU 
group of students nestled at USB 
decided to make a statement 
about the kind of professor 
whose level of caring and 
commitment to his work really 
communicated to them a sense 
of this mysterious quality, 
education. 

The gentleman, Dr. Charles 
Wurrey, is caught in the position 
of being a visiting professor at 
the end of his term here, an 
extension of which does not 
seem possible. The feeling is, 
however, that with enough 
student (Le., you and me) 
support, there is a good chance 
that the administrators-that-be 
could be persuaded to offer Dr. 
Wurreya tenured position. To 
this end, a petition board is 
being set up directly outside USB 
2722 to gather the signatures of 
students who either know Dr. 
Wurrey or who are interested in 
making a statement about the 
kind of education they are 
receiving at UCSD. Contribution 
of this sort is more than just 
putting out energy and time - it 
is an expression of one's feelings 
about oneself - that you as an 
individual are able, that you do 
have the level of ability and drive 
to make a difference in the 
environmont you are interacting 
in. This is not a membership 
drive or a voting poll. What we 
are talking about is something 
intimately connected with your 
future and your career. You alone 
set your priorities. Tell me, where 
does five minutes fit in against 
the quality of instruction you are 
exposed to? 

Gary Piscopo 

Editor 
Tim August 

Managing Editor 
Phil Uiuder 

Copy Editor 
Joe Desiderio 

Opinion Editor 
James Ralph Papp 

News Editor 
Lisa Uipin 

Contributill8 News Editors 
Steven R. Friedman 

Sean Wagstaff 
Phil Willon 

Arts Editor 
Andrew Keeler 

Associaf£ Arts Editor 
John Nee 

Spons Editor 
Jeff Savage 

Features Editor 
Christopher Can ole 

Photo Editor 
Rich Pecjak 

General Manager 
ChriS Milke 

Associaf£ General Managers 
Linda lewis 

Valerie McMullin 

Photographers 
Rob Friedenthal 
Mark Johnson 

lUustrators 
John Ashlee 

Steve Kloepfer 

Typesetters 
Joe Desiderio 
Anggie Uipid 
Phil Uiuder 

Andy Uiurence 

Production 
Paul Farwell 

Rob Friedenthal 
Lizz Fuller 
Kelley Neal 

Karla Spencer 

Staff Writers 
Uince Bernard, Ethan Feerst, 

David Fleminger, Robert Geyer, 
Jackie Gladfelter, Kim Haddad, 

Christina KlIus, Sergio Klier, 
Robert Leone, Michael Partos, 

Julie Richter, Dena Rosen , Sharon 
Sogomian,-Yen Taylor. 

The UCSD Guardian is 
published Mondays and 
Thursdays during the academic 
year by students at UCSD. Views 
expressed in the Guardian do not 
represent the views of the Regents 
of the University of California or 
the Assoc1ated Students of UCSD. 
All un-initialled editoriaJs 
represent the views of the entire 
editorial board of the Guardian ; 
initialled editorials represent 
minority opinions of the editorial 
board. Reproduction, publication, 
or any use without permission of 
any portion of this newspaper 

. without prior notification is strictly 
prohibited . 

The Guardian welcomes signed 
letters and commentary as outlined 
in the Opinion section; however, 
we are not responsible for 
unsoliCited manuscripts or art. 

Our office is located southeast of 
the Revelle Provost Office next 
door to the Che Cafe on the UCSD 
campus. The Business Office is 
open from 9 am to noon and J pm 
to 5 pm Monday through Friday. 

Subscriptions are available and 
will be mailed first class for $ L5 per 
quarter. 

The UCSD Guardian 
UCSD,8-016 

La Jolla, California 92093 
(619) 452-3466 

Commental.Y 

Premedical blues 
By AMY ROBINSON 

A major goal of the university is to 
teach students to think criticaUy about 
different issues, and this is especially 
important regarding health care. A broad 
perspective enables us to become better 
consumers, and it also helps us to 
deliver more effective care as 
professionals. This statement is 
significant in light of the recent fate of 
UCSD's Health Professions Program (HP), 
which is due to close its doors on June 29. 

HP encourages students to learn about 
the social aspects of health care through 
academic work and many other 
experiences. The program began five 
years ago as an experiment in 
premedical education, with a $375,000 
grant from the Commonwealth Fund. 
This money has supported a two-person 
staff, Andrea Hattersley and Molly Ann 
McCarren, in addition to funding the 
entire program. A year-long efOrt to . 
obtain funding failed, and UCSD has 
decided not to fund the program. The 
current trend is to reduce funding of 
premedical programs due to the 
projected surplus of physicians in the 
next decade. UCSD apparently feels that 
many of the program's functions are al-
ready covered by other depanments. HP 
itself takes an interdepanmental approach, 
perhaps incapable of being accommo-
dated by our conservative institution. 

HP has never been aU things to all 
pre-health professionals, but it has 
fostered exploration by many of us in 
health Issues. If you like concrete 
measures of success, consider the fact 
that LOO% of all program applicants to 
medical schools have been accepted, 
throughout the duration of the program. 
AdditionaUy, our minority representation 
is proportionately double that of the 
UCSD population. But the greatest 
benefits of the program are qualitative. 
This is the tragedy of lOSing the 
program: Regardless of the expected 
surplus of doctors in the next decade, 
there will always be a shortage of 
flexible and well-informed health 
profeSSionals. Each patient is unique, . 
and only professionals who perceive 
this as a decisive influence in treatment 
will seek to understand the patient from 
many angles. Resolution of health policy 
issues as well as ethical dilemmas also re-
quires awareness of many social issues. 

Full participation in the program has 
consisted of completion of the Health 
Care/Sodal Issues minor, at least six 
months of volunteer wQrk, an academic 
internship, attendance at HP functions 
and regular advising. The program has 
additionany included special courses 
and publishes a weekly newslener. 

Two of the most valuable components 
of the program have been the potluck 
dinners and peer interaction. About 

three times each quarter we have had 
guest speakers talk about issues in 
health care at a dinner. We also hear 
about the daily chaUenges and sacrifices 
these people face in their jobs. The 
other great benefit has been the contact 
with students of similar goals and 
interests. It is nor enough to see the 
same people in the same classes to get 
the opportunity to exchange ideas. At 
the potlucks we have the time and encour-
agement to get to know each other. 

Yet this brief description of the 
program does not convey its essence. 
Staff commitment to broad pre-health 
professional education has been 
invaluable. Molly Ann and Andrea have 
learned about our concerns, from 
choosing professors to preparing for 
graduate schools. Whenever possible, 
they have shared their knowledge 
regarding our questions,' and they have 
often referred us to other students. 
Moreover, they have urged us to develop 
our unique interests in health care, not 
limiting ourselves to traditional 
experiences. The counseling they have 
offered meets our needs by bridging the 
gap berween our UCSD education and 
our career goals. This form of couseling 
is unique, since the colleges seem to 
specialize in academic requirements 
while the Health Sciences Advisory 
Program emphasizes career and 
graduate school preparation. 

It is too late to save the program, but 
we are forming a student organization to 
salvage some of the program's vital 
elements. We will be called HIPO -
Health Issues and Professions 
Organization. We have determined t~at 
our purposes will b~ to inform students 
about various health profeSSiOns, to 
foster academic and experiential 
breadth, to foster peer interaction , to 
stimulate interest in health fields among 
students who are underrepresented in 
health care, and to expose students to 
social problems in medicine. Our 
headquarters wiD be Warren Campu~ 
Building 406, OfIice of Special Academic 
Programs (SAP). The Health Care/ Social 
Issues minor will remain available to all 
students independent of HIP(} 

The success of HIPO will depend 
upon the enthusiasm of aU current HP 
students. Continuing suppor:r o[ our 
faculty advisors will lend credibility and 
momentum to our efforts. To all students 
interested in careers in he<tlth or in 
learning more about health care, please 
look for our ads next year, come to our 
functions, and seek us out at the SAP 
ofIice on Warren if you want to get 
involved early on. Participation in HIPO 
wiU enhance our UCSD experience and 
help us to make sense of our diverse, 
often impersonal health care system. 

SOFT CONTACT LENSES 
in 
most cases 

INCLUDES: 
Contact lenses, examination, 
patient training, follow up, 
chemical care kit and fitting, 
EXTENDED WEAR LENSES 
ONLY $165.00 

THE CLASSICAL EYE 
DR. ROIDT HELLER OPTOMETRIST 

La Jolla Village Square 
(Inside the Mall; Lower Level) 

8657 Villa La Jolla Drive' • Suite 136 
451·7374 
H~rocUIVe extended Wf:/K lenses available. 

Commentary 

Madding class crowds 
By WElTE KIRAZIAN 

In grades one through 12, classroom 
size is relatively smaU. The teacher 
knows each student, works closely with 
small groups daily, and soon forms a 
productive relationship with them. Years 
later, however, when the student enters 
college, this relationship and daily 
interaction decreases dramaticaUy. The 
teacher is now a mysterious, often 
unapproachable person who stands in 
front of the lecture hall and talks for 

. three hours a week. The student is now 
surrounded by 300 Qthers, most of 
whom he will ~ever know or speak to. 
This system of large class size, prevalent 
in most of our major universities, is 
detrimental to the students' education . 
Small class size is essential for the 
optimum learning experience. 

For most students, the transition from 
secondary school to the university is 
difficult. College classes are challenging, 
the material is new, and the school is 
big. Because this transition is a crucial 
time for the new student, classes should 
have a relaxed, open , intimate atmosphere 
- one that is more conducive to learning. 

Yet It is in these general education or 
required classes that often several hundred 
students are enrolled. With so many 
people in the class,leaming is difficult for 
both new and experienced stu~ents. 

There are other related problems. 
Lecture halls are large , and students 
must often get there early if they want a 
seat. Perhaps the professor wiU use a 
microphone, so even the last rows will 
be able to hear him. The students in the 
first few rows can see and hear the 
professor clearly. They can also decipher 
th!! writipg on the chalkboard. However, 
a studeru forced to sit in the back of the 
room has difficulty with these three 
things, and in fact is often surprised by 
the instructor's real facial features when 
he finaUy sees them up close. It is easier 
to concentrate when you can watch your 
professor's expressions and movements 
rather than focusing on the person's 
head in front of you and straining to 
hear the voice that fIlls the room. 

Perhaps the most important 
component in learning is the student's 
ability to interact in the classroom. A 
student must be able to ask questions 
freely, in order to fully understand the 
material. In a large class, few students 
feel comfortable interrupting the 
professor and yelling out a question over 

,the heads of 300 people. The question 
may be a challenging one or a simple 
"dumb" question. Both are important. 
Because students, for any of these 
reasons, do not ask questions, they miss 
a lot, and professors either will not or 
cannot suggest related topiCS that might 
clarify the concept. 

In a smaUer class, on the other hand, 

students have the opportunity to ask 
questions freely, spontaneously. Because 
of the small size of the room and the 
fewness of students. the teacher and 
students can interact and move along at 
a comfortable pace. In this situation, . 
students are able to interrupt and vOIce 
their thoughts and questiOns, achieving 
fuller understanding. As a result, the 
students' grades are better, but more 
important, they are interested, even 
stimulated by this learning experience. 

Many schools have smaU "sections" 
led by TAs, which supplement the large 
lecrures. These are periods where 
students ask questiOns of their teaching 
assistants. Unfortunately, this option 
does not serve its purpose and cannot 
substitute for having a smaller class with 
a professor. For example , the section 
only meets once a week and should 
cover the' material of the whole week's 
lectures. The hour is usually either a 
waste of time, resulting in students not 
attending, or a lack of time, since aU the 
material and questiOns cannot be 
covered in one hour. Even the interaction 
which does occur in the section is not with 
the source of the subject or lecture, the pro-
fessor. Class size should be kept smaU so 
the professor and student can interact, 
and help each other to grow. 

Few students get to know their 
professors. They are either intimidated, 
uncomfortable or do not have the time 
to go to every office hour. Often, the 
professors are hard to reach. They are 
busy with their own work and are not 
always in their offices during conference 
hours. This makes it nearly impossible 
for a student to get to know a professor, 
or to clarify difficult concepts. 

I n a large class, the students are 
simply known as numbers. Each is 
merely a face in a' crowd and is not 
distinguished as an individuaL The 
professor addresses the class, and 
grades are often posted by ID number. 
The students are branded with their 
number and cannot pick up grades, 
checks, tests , etcetera, without it. 

To proVide an enjoyable , beneficial 
learning experience, class size must be 
small. There must be freedom and 
opportunity to hold discussions and ask 
questions in an open, spontaneous 
manner. This will enable the student to 
fuUy comprehend the lecture as well as 
expand into new horizons of learning. 

The editorial in Monday'S Guardian im-
plied that the $2 million of fund-raising 
committed to the proposed University 
Center would be raised solely by student 
effortS. According to administration 
sources, this may not be the case, as stu-
dents will assist only in fund-raising. 

CSpp - LOS ANGELES 
;s now accepting applicaIions for 

'Organizational Psychology Ph.D. Program 
• Preparation for careers in business and industry in positions that 

improve orpnizalional effectiveness and employee quality of ~rk life 
• Hand5~n experience in paid organizational field placements in service 

Orpnizaliona, indusuial settinp. and government 
• Advanced traini", in perso\1nel assessment, psychological theory, and 

performance management 

lW:u1ty are hilhly qualified and experienced In the field 
PIIrt-time aacI extended dqpee study options avIIibIbIe 

for information and an application COfllOct: 
CSPP - Central Admissions 

2152 Union Street • San Francisco, CA 94123 
800/4.57-5261 or 415/346-4507 



CommentalY-

Arms and the mali 
By DAVID WOLF 

Defense spending is a [Opic that is on 
everybody's \ips today, and as the pillar 
of the Reagan Administration, it has 
received much attention in Congress 
and in the press. Much has come from 
bOlh sources about how the military is 
guilty of mismanagement and 
overspending on a gross scale. What 
receives little or no attention . however. 
is how the time-honored custom of 
compromise through budget cuts and 
politicizing the Pentagon procurement 
programs is leaving the American 
fi ghting man up the creek at the hands 
of h is own government. 

Whether or not you agree with the 
great expenditures being made in the 
realm of defense , and whether or not 
you agree with the construction of 
strategic nuclear weapons systems, 
matters not at all here. I am not asking 
you to consider the morality of building 
bombs, rather that you look at where 
some of the Pentagon fat is being cut 
directly from the hides of US soldiers, 
sailors, airmen and Marines. 

Compromise with costs on 
conventional weapons programs is 
unwise in both the human sense of the 
word and in the fiscal sense . Great 
Britain learned that lesson the hard way 
during the Falklands crisis of 1982. The 
HMS In vincible, providing the sole 
aircover for the fleet , could nOl even 
embark a standard sized squadron of 
aircraft. The HMS Sheffield, tragic victim 
of an Argentine air-to-surface missile , 
had suffered budget cuts during her 
construction that eliminated a highly 

effective missile defense system that 
could have saved her in the conOict. 

Here in the United States, it is hard 
for a civilian. without military 
experience, [0 comprehend the 
difference that a little extra performance 
or protection can make on a battlefield. 
Lebanon offered some experience with 
Naval aircraft. Robert Goodman, the 
pilot shot down by Syrian deployed 
antiaircraft missles as his fighter 
overflew the Lebanese Shouf mountains, 
was Ilying an aircraft that many military 
analysts called obsolete . The only reason 
Goodman was flying the A-6 was that 
procurement of a modem craft with the 
abiliry to survive such threats was 
delayed by a Congress that saw a 
"perfectly good" bomber already 
deployed. 

The Gruman F-14, now the Navy's 
main carrier-borne fighter, was the 
victim of budget-conscious pencil 
pushers. As a result, the aircraft was 
underpowered when originally delivered 
and is at present having to go through 
the long. expensIve ' process of 
retrofitting the proper engines. It is 
clearly ridiculous to spend $10 million 
to $20 million on an aircraft and wind 
up with an underpowered facsimile 
because somebody in the Armed 
Services Committee decided to go for 
the cheaper engine. 

Much as I am certain that there are 
admirals who would like to think so, the 
Navy is not the only service that is 
getting its talons clipped. The Army is 
the recipient of some pretty shoddy 

ATTENTION 
ALL THIRD 
COLLEGE 

STUDENTS 
INTERESTED IN 
NAMING THE 

COLLEGE 
If you have not yet received a ballot., 

corne by the Dean's Offlce and pick one 
up there. All ballots must be received 

In the Dean's Office by Friday, 
May 25 at 4:00 p.m, 

deals, too. Much comruversy has been 
raised about the procurement of the M-
16 rille, the standard sidearm of the 
se rvices and attributed killer of many 
American soldiers in its initial years in 
Vietnam. It seems that when originally 
designed . the M-16 was intended for 
ammunition with a certain type of 
powder. Congress authorized 
procurement for the weapon in the mid-
'60s , but did not authorize procurement 
for the correct ammunition. The 
ammunition used tended to leave 
depOSits inside the weapon that caused 
it [0 frequently jam in combat. The M-16 
is alright now, having gone through two 
major design modifications and millions 
of dollars worth of rrials. But it should 
have been ready for combat when it was 
sem there. 

Another program pushed heavily by 
the Pentagon in the 70s was the need 
for an armored vehicle that a squad of 
infantrymen could fight from while 
being protected from small-arms fire 
themselves. What the Army got after 
years of bids and counterbids was a 
vehicle that carries six instead of nine 
infantrymen and has negligible 
protection from nuclear, biolOgical and 
chemical weapons. By comparison, the 
Soviet Union has a vehicle that can 
drive through an area contaminated by 
any or all of those weapons and protect 
the inhabitants from any harm. 

There is a very popular school of 
thought among Americans that the next 
war will be a strategic thermonuclear 
exchange, and so the soldier and aD of 
his conventional weapons are obsolete. 
That sort of thinking is as preposterous 
as thinking that war is abolished. First, 
since August 9. 1945. there have been 
more than 140 wars worldwide, 
according to the book War in Peace. 
Second, the purpose of war is not 
wanton destruction, rather it is a means 
to political end . Because of this, war, 
police actions, incidents, border actions, 

regional hotspots and hostile actions are 
nothing more than political tools. War is 
violence directed at some group or 
country aimed at forcing capitulation on 
a political point. This has been the case 
since man crawled out of caves, and it 
is still the case under the nuclear 
umbrella. The soldier is not obsolete, 
even though he is no longer the ultimate 
weapon at man's disposal. 
Understanding this, you can understand 
why there are still people in uniform 
that perform the function of national 
defense. 

In order to keep down the COStS of 
national defense, the bidding on 
military procurement projects, whether it 
be on uniforms. Illnks. or shipbuilding, 
is geared so that the project goes to the 
lowest bidder. This is plainly wrong. In 
cases like the F-14, the M-16, the new 
Infantry Fighting Vehicle and similar 
programs. the government ends up 
spending more money bringing the 
equipment up [0 standards after it has 
been delivered than it would have cost 
if it had been done right in the first 
place. Instead, [0 get the bid, the 
company involved cuts corners where it 
can. often where it should not .. The 
Congress, under pressure from the folks 
at home to cut spending, tells the 
Pentagon [0 accept that'low bid. and the 
low bidder gets the contract. Sometimes 
it works. 

When the process does nO! work, the 
lirde guy, the soldier, the sailor or the 
Marine. gets left holding the bag. Please. 
when you correspond with your 
legisla[Or. let him know how you feel. 
CUt the budget if you have lO, but do it 
Wisely. Many members of the Armed 
Services committees have never been 
there, and most UCSD students will 
never have lo. But both legislators must 
understand that when you crack down 
on the Pentagon, you have to make sure 
that you leave America's Qefenders with 
a fighting chance. 

Cash in your hand . . 
Experience under your belt. 
Choose from more than 100 temporary jobs-office, financial, marketing, 
sales, light industrial, word processing. 
Work with the best companies in California. As 
much or as little as you 'Vant. You'll get good 
money, on-the-job experience and a real jump on 
the job market. All absolutely FREE! 
Check .the White Pages for our nearest office. 
Then call us today and cash in on 
Thomas Temporary experience. Giving Business A Hand. 
• Bakersfield. Downey. Fullerton. Glendale. L.A. Central. LA. West. Lona Beach 
• Oakland. Ontario. Pasadena. Riverside • San Bernardino. San Dieao 
• San Fernando Valley. San Francisco. San Jose. San Mateo. South Bay/Airport 
• South Oran~ County. Ventura. West Covina. Westminster • EOE-MIF 

HAIRCUTS $995 
Includes: 

• Shampoo 
• Conditioner 

only 

HAl 
DESIGNS 

Also Featuring: 
Curls, Relaxers and Waves 

PERMS $2495 
Includes: 

• Shampoo 
• Conditioner 

only 

Using TCB Products With Specialists Willie or Ike 

OPEN 7 DAYS 
APPOINTMENT NOT NECESSARY 

UNIVERSITY TOWNE CENTRE - 455-0420 

The UniverSity-:-owned, strongly 
contested Blackhorse FamlS project 
By PAUl lAZERSON 

A nother baale In the conl1nuina fiaht helMen UCSD and a number of La jolla community groups over the proposed BI8cIchone Farms &t 
Centre development of the University owned La jolla 
Farms "Slllbles" area will begin today, when the San Diego 
City P,lannin.s Commission hears arguments in favor of 
and opposed to the projecl The commission is expected 
to continue the hearing until late June, when it will rerum 
its final judgement to the San Diego City Council. 

The main point of contention between UCSD and 
the community is the type of development now on the 

Excerpts from letters 
of protest against 
Blackhorse Farms 

"No comment has been made in the EIR 
IEnvironmental Impact Reponl with respect [0 the 
impact of said agreement, and no comment has been 
made with respect to the mitigation of said impact in 
respect to the matters of whether or not the use of said 
contiguous prop~rty may be. obnoxious or 
detrimental to Salk s property or tts permUted use. 
Without limiting the foregoing, the impacts which 
may be obnoxious or detrimental to Salk's property or 
its permitted use could involve the area of obnoxious 
noises and smells, obnoxious traffic circulation and 
smells and the disposition of accumulated surface 
waters resulting from the development of said 
projecl" 

"The severity of the impact does not have to be 
hypothecated since there is a precedent that 
demonstrates the problem." 

"... the traffic nuisance will convert this peaceful 
area into an un liveable jungle. The land value will 
collapse , too." 

"I returned from East Germany a shon time ago, 
where I buried my mother and stayed with my 
brother. Again 1 experienced the absence of freedom 
of choice the people who live there deal with 
everyday of their lives. The government behind the 
Iron Curtain is in full command, caring nothing about 
its citi~ens. caring only for control. 

"The ~ imilarity of a communist government th~t 
cares nothing about its people in their decisions, ana 
the University, which does not give a damn about us. 
is simply alarming! 

"Are we to be bulldozed simply because the power 
we are opposing is greater, bigger, omnipotent? Shall 
we simply be squelched by the obscene power of the 
University? As I read, Miss Angela Davis will be a guest 
speaker at our "dear" University. She will explain her 
ideas on how to establish a different kind of order by 
destroying anything that exists. That, of course. is 
terrorism!" 

"Nor does the fact that the Farms homes are 
expensive act as a sound argument that there be low 
income hOUSing via wwnhomes. One should have 
nothing to do with the other!" 

:\f'lrt ld ltHI'\ I'lItt"' R .. ;III 

drawing board for the H-acre site. Blackhorse Farms 
would include townhomes, office space, retail 
shopping, a conference center, two single-family 
dwellings and a research/ development park. UCSD 
and the Regents of the University of California are in 
favor of the proposal because of its income-prodUCing 
potential. Many La jollans are against it on the grounds 
that it violates all existing zoning regula lions and 
community plans. 

The actors in this development drama Jnclude:. The 
California State Legislarure. which directed the Regents 
to put the property into revenue-producing use; UCSD 
Chancellor Richard Atkinson, who is also a strong 
proponent of me project; and the developer, the 
Sickles, O'Brien Development Group. 

Opponents of the project are numerous and vocal. 
The La jolla Town Council , Lajo11ans Inc. , the La Jolla 
Shores Association. The LaJoila Farms Property 
Owners Association, the University City Planning 
Group and many residents of the La Jolla Farms 
subdivision are all on record against this planned, 
mixed-use project. 

On Friday, May 18. the San Diego City Planning 
Depanment issued its repon for the planning 
commission that recommended the proposal be denied 
because of what the planning department calls the 
"inappropriateness of the proposed Research and 
Development Component in close proximity 10 the 
adjacent residential neighborhood." The planners also 
found that the project would "contribute to the 
degradation of air quality in the region ," and this 
problem could only be mitigated through "a lower 
density lor different land usel alternative. such as a 
residential use." 

The planning department gave C9nditional approval 
to a modified plan in which the research and 
development facility would be replaced with additio!lal 
townhomes. but the devdoper will not consider this 
alternative until the original proposal has been formaDy 
disapproved. It is also unlikely that opposition groups 
would be satisfied with any project that deviates from 
the existing, low-density residential-use zoning that is 
now in effect for the site. • 

In 1967, the Regents acquired 130 acres of land 
within and adjacent to the La Jolla Farms subdivision 
[rom the founder of the area, William Black. From 
1967 until 1975, when former chancellor McElroy 
began a review of possible uses for the Stables site, 
UCSD leased the land to John lipari , who managed 
the property as a horse stables facility. In ~ 979, he fell 
behind on his lease payments and was eVicted. 

Following McElroy's decision to examine various 
uses of the Slllbles, the UCSD Board of Overseers said 
in late December, 1975, "The University should 
maiqtain ownership to serve both campus and 
community interests .... P:reliminary investigations 
indicate a multi-use development of the subject 
property is f~sible, as judged from an analysis by 
professional commercial interests. Should some form of 
development prove appropriate, a phased program is 
desirable with detailed studies required to prodoce a 
specific phasing plan. All options including 
maintenance of open space on the site should be fuBy 
explored prior to any determination of usage." 

In february, 1978, the Office of the California 
Auditor General reported to the Slate's joint l..e$islative 
Audit Committee that the Slllbles had no apparent 

......... . 

John 0 'Brien of SicMeIs/O'Bricn, the agency planning the center. 

academic use and should be managed to provide 
UCSD with revenue. The Legislature then notified the 
Regents and UCSD to provide the State with a plan for 
sale of all land not needed for academic purposes. 

Although the Legislature's call for the Regents to 
generate income from property not being used for 
acadernic purposes is a weighty directive coming from 
the body that controls the purse strings for the 
University of California system, it is not a mandate. 
The Legislature does not have the power to fprce the 
Regents to use their lands for any specific purpose. 

ActiVity aimed at gening the Stables property onto 
the tax roles and generating income for UCSD began 
in earnest in januaty, 1981 , when the Regents 
deSignated the Stables parcel as an Inclusion Area (an 
Inclusion Area is a parcel of University-owned land 
that is intended to be developed to 'meet non-
academic campus needs) and sent out a Request for 
Proposals (RFP) for development of the land. 

Concurrent to designating the Stables an Inclusion 
Area. the Regents. acting unhappily on a 
recommendation from UCSD, put the 24.5 acre "Knoll" 
parcel of land - located within the La Jolla Farms 
subdivision - into the trusteeship of the University'S 
Natural Land and Water Reserves System (NLWRS), 
where it is protected from development. 

Before the Regents would aDow the Knoll to be put 
into reserve. they directed UCSD to do a market 
analysis of the value of the property. Bernys Borun, 
vice president of the Keith Brownell Co., Inc., stated in 
his appraisal. "Reasonable highest and best use of 
residential development of the land in private 
ownership Iwould gross from salel : $3,750,000'-

Despite the Regents' objections, UCSD got its way, 
and the Knoll is now a protected area. Its status comes 
up for periodic review, but Atkinson said that to his 

plcase (urn to page B 

The final plan for Blachhorse farm s Cent re, (0 be located in the area across from Torrey Pines Road from MUIr, ThIrd and Unlversl(y Extension. 

... 

• 



.. 

• 

I . 

Guardian Elections 
Guardian Elections 

• • r I 

The following positions will be open to all UCSD students. Arty qualitied 
persons are encouraged to apply. 

IN ADDmON TO OntER DUnES, THESE POsrnoNS ENTAIL. 
EDITOR-IN-CHIEF. Responsible for the overall opera-

tion, content and format of The UCSD 
Guardian. Chooses (upon approval) the '84-
'85 Executive Staff and appl'O\leS hiring of staff 
writers, photographers, illustrators and 
contributing editors. Presides Oller Executille 
and 'Editorial boards and conducts all 

~ngs. Represents the newspaper on 
campus and in the community. 

MANAGING EDITOR. Responsible for the effldent pro-
duction of the newspaper. Establishes and 
enforces all deadlines. Supervises Ia}QJts to 
ensUre ttley conform to standards of format. 
Establishes and maintains internship and 
group study programs. Assumes the duties of 
the Editor-in-Chief in hisjher absence. 

COPY EDnOR • . Responsible for editing for grammar, 
punctuation, content. and style all articles 
submitted for publication. Also responsible for 
insuring no libelous and/or tasteless material 
reaches pubfication. 

News EDITOR. Determines areas of coverage and in-
sures adequate coverage of newsworthy 
events at UCSD. Must develop a full writing 
staff and maintain a tile of published stories. 

OPINION EDITOR. Responsible for the ~ de\.uted to 
the free expression of ideas. Must be able to 
accommodate all political/religious/moral 
persuasions. Must maintain a tile of published 
stories. 

SPORTS EDITOR. Responsible for covering sports on 
campus and when appropriate, the 
community. Must develop own writing staff 
and maintain a file of published stories. 

ARTS EDITOR. Responsible for covering the arts on 
campus and when appropriate, the 
community. Must develop own writing staff 
and maintain a file of published stories. 

FEATURES EDITOR: Responsible for articles of human/ 
general interest that are not appropriate for 
news, sports, opinion or arts section. Must 
develop own writing staff and maintain a tile 
of published stories. 

PHOTO EDITOR. Responsible for developing a compe-
tent staff of photographers and organizing an 
efficient system for assigning and processing of 
photographs. Must maintain an organized tile 
of published photographs, 

On-tER. Applicants are welcome to create their own pos-
itions provided that they would be 
appropriate to the needs of the '84-'85 staff as 
deemed by the new Editor-in-Chief. 

ALL APPLICANTS MUST BE RESPONSIBLE. ORGAN.DO. 
MATURE AND REUABLE. AU EDI10RIAL POSITIONS Aft 

PAID. 

All applicants should submit n-tE.R OWN TYPED applications which 
should include a cOlIer letter describing )Ourself, )Our related experience, 
the amount of time )Ou are willing to commit to The Guardian, and an idea 
of 'What)Ou lNOuld like to accomplish or see the newspaper acCOfTl)lish 
while yuu are a staff member. Also indude a resume and any references)Ou 
may have. 

DO NOT CAU THE GUARDIAN OfFICE FOR ADDInONAl. 
INFORMAnoN. 

APPLICATIONS FOR EDITOR-IN-CHIEF ARE DUE BY NOON MONDAY, 
MAY 21. NO LATE APPLICATIONS WILL BE ACCEPTED. Applicants for 
Editor-in Chief must sign up for an interview the ~k of May 21 through 
May 25 when they drop off their application. 

APPUCA TIONS FOR All OTHER EDITORIAL POSITIONS ARE DUE 
NOON TUESOA y, MAY 29. NO LATE APPlICA nONS WILL BE ACCEPTED. 
Applicants for editorial positions, must be available for interviews the week 
of May 29 through June I. 

Editor-in-Chief elections will take place all day Wednesday, May 3O.1vry 
persons interested in being electors must submit a letter of intent by noon, 
Thursday, May 17. A list of approved electors will be posted Monday, May 
21. 

Staff approval of the '84-'85 staff wi" take place at the Executive Board 
meeting Friday, June I. 

PL.EASE DEUVER AU APPUCAnoNS AND LETTERS OF 
INftNT IN ... RSON TO n-tE GIMUIDIAN BUSINESS OPPICE. 

What remains of the putblo buildings at the site will be historically prestrved. 

Blackhorse fanns 
continued fro m page 7 
knowledge, no land once designated 
into NLWRS has ever been removed 
from it. 

At roughly the .same time that the 
Knoll was being put into reserve, more 
than 60 developers were being sent 
RFP's from the Regents regarding the 
Stables property. The response was light: 
the Regents received only one bid. 

The proposal - Sickles, O'Brien's 
Blackhorse Fanus - was accepted by 
the Regents and an ad hoc panel of 
UCSD faculty, Staff and students as 
conforming to the requirements, both in 
tenus of economic return and type of 
use consistent with the expectations of 
the interested parties. Following 
acceptance of the proposal, the 
developer bought a three-year option to 
build on the property, and today's 
planning commission hearing is another 
Step in the process of gaining final 
approval for the project. 

Is UCSD gening its money's worth 
from the Stables property? 

Jack Shappell, assistant treasurer of 
real estate for (he Office of the Treasurer 
of the Regents, said he did not have a 
precise dollar amount for the return the 
Regents expected to get before sending 
out RFP's. He did say, "The Blackhorse ' 
Farms bid was very close to our 
expectations for return on the Stables 
property. It was acceptable." He said 
that only one bid was received because 
of tight money and a sluggish real estate 
market at the time of the bidding. 
Opponents of the project contend that 
the poor response to the Regents' 
request for bids was because of the 
known opposition to any variance in 
the present zoning. . 

UCSD's primary reason for wanting 
the project is income. Already, the 
developer has paid the University a 
non-refundable, three-year option 
payment of S1 ,575,OOO which gives 
Sickles, O'Brien three years to develop 
the property. If they are rejected, the 
money is UCSD's to keep. Major 
funding for the construction of Peterson 
Hall was obtained from this option 
payment. 

If Blackhorse Farms is constructed as 
originally planned with the research and 
development facility included, UCSD 
will be paid a base rent of $1.050,000 
annually for/the ftrSt 25 years of the 55-
year groundlease. At the beginning of 
the 26th year, the base rent will be 
recomputed. An appraisal will be done 
at that time, with UCSD's base rent 
becoming 12% of the new appraised 
worth. If real estate values continue to 
rise , this could greatly escalate UCSD's 
income from the project. 

There are two other escalation clauses 
in the contract, neither of whicR is 
likely to bring UCSD signiftcantly more 
income than the base rent. 

Every five years the Consumer Price 
Index (CPI) will be examined for the 
Los Angeles/Long Beach area. If in the 
paSt five years it has risen, UCSD will 
get about 51.5% of that increase added 
on to the base rent. So If (he CPI goes 
up 35% between 1985 and 1990, UCSD 
will get about half of that, a 17.5% 

increase in rent for the five-year period. 
The othet clause that could provide 

UCSD with more rent specifically 
involves the conference center 
component of the project. For the 
purposes of the lease, each component 
of the project is assigned its own base 
rent. The conference center is tagged at 
$450.000 with the rest of the project 
valued at 5600,000. If 4.2% of the 
conference center's gross income 
exceeds S450,OOO, the University will 
receive the higher figure . 

Based on research about other, similar 
conference centers, it is doubtful that 
UCSD will get more money from this 
clause. The Scanticon Cen~r in 
Princeton, New Jersey is often cited by 
the developer as a model for the center 
here. Richard Harrison, corporate 
controller for Scanticon, Stated that he . 
estimates roughly 550,000 of i{lcome per 
room, per year being generated at 
Scanticon. 

If the conference center here got the 
same renirn on its rooms - the 
proposal calls for 210 rooms total - the 
gross income from the center wouJd be 
510,500,000 per year. Taf<ing 4.2% of 
this figure, it comes out to $441,000, 
which does not exceed the base rent 
figure and would not add to UCSD's 
income from the project. 

The UCSD adminiStration has also 
considered the lack of convenient 
shopping within walking distance of the 
campus as a good reason to put retail 
facilities on the Stables site. However, 
Atkinson has not pushed for direct 
linkages between UCSD and the project, 
something the planning department has 
liSted as a necessity if the project is to 
gain approval. 

In its report, the department says that 
the project should guarantee Student 
employment, offer UCSD use of the 
meeting facilities at the conference at 
reduced rates during slower months and 
delineate specificaDy which relail shops 
win be conmined in the commercial 
com(lOnent with the provision that they 
be affordable for student shoppers. It is 
clear that UCSD has balked at pushing 
for these provisions because any 
restrictions put on the development are 
likely to reduce the income stream 
coming to the University. Whether the 
project can gain approval without 
adhering to the department's 
suggestiOns is not clear now. 

Opponents of Blackhorse Fanus are 
against the project on every count. They 
contend that the changes in zoning will 
destroy the rural character of the Fanus 
with traffic congestion, noise, smog, 
erosion and lowered visual appeal . 

Their campaign could well be called 
· Paper Wars" for the vast amount of 
material they have produced In 
opposition to the project. One letter 
from a disgruntled resident of La Jolla 
Farms covered more than twenty pages 
(including resfonses) of the 
Environmenta Impact Repon (EIR). In 
all , more than 35 individualleners were 
submitted against the project's approval 
in the 45-day mandatory review period 
between the release of the initial EIR 
and its final copy. 

By MICHAEL GLOSSON 
There once was a man who screamed. 

When he woke up in the morning he 
screamed pterodactyl noises as he 
kicked off the bed covers. Aotsam and 
jetsam of sleep rubbed out of eyes 
signaled another scream. 

Crawling out of bed, he grabbed his 
first throat lozenge of the day from his 
bedside table botde. There was still an 
ample supply - only two, three 
banshee awakenings in the pre-dawn. 

At 6 am, he dressed in his blue 
business suit, only a muffied whimper 1 
escaping. EEEEEAAMAHHHHH! - he 
undressed. He forgot to shower and 
shave. Screaming naked, he ran to the 
bathroom and slammed the door. 

He growl/ scream/ moaned as his body 
came just a litde more alive. In the 
shower - short, fast shrieking as cold, 
wet jets hit him 
broadside/ backside/ frontside broke 
away the inflictions his body had 
commined against him yesterday; he 
screamed at those inflictions as they 
dribbled down the drain with excessive 
soap, chasing into hiding an unwanted 
sexuality. He felt almost untense. He let 
off another scream just for joy. 

Blue suit , shiny black shoes, once 
again on - time for another VISit with 
the automatic coffee machine, a full , 
black pot painfully hot. He screamed 
with delight, dumping a cup of sugar 
and a cup of cream in, and drank it all 
down in one burning, gurgling minute . 
He screamed from his stomach to his 
esophagus this time . 
EEEEEAAMAHHHHH! 

He walked out the door and 
screamed as a red-orange-yellow-purple 

sunrise greeted him. 
He screamed as he locked his front 

door. 
He screamed as he started his car. 
He screamed all the way to his office: 

on the freeway, at the intersection, in 
the parking tower. 

In the elevator, he popped 
mentholated throat lozenges one after 
another. This was his quiet time, time to 
meditate on the d~y ahead, on the 
screams he'd bring into momentary 
existence, on their echos, bounding off 
walls and receptioniSts. 

The elevator doors opened without so 
much as a squeak or a plaStic ruStle. His 
employees looked up, perfectly dressed, 
perfectly groomed. 

On each desk was one standard 
police issue megaphone, each turned up 
to full volume. Each employee picked up 
a megaphone and aimed at the now 
open elevator doors. Each employee put 
on a set of Aviation Mechanics 
earphones 

BOOP! BOOP! BOOP! came from 25 
megaphones. turning on. 

"GOOD MORNING SIR!" blared 25 
megaphones. 

He screamed for a full ten minutes, 
giving details for the day. He was still 
screaming as he slammed the foot-thick 
oak door to his office. His employees 
could stiD hear a muffied scream, 
something like what one hears near the 
roller coaster in an amusement park, as 
he cut into his company's satellite 
communication system and began to 
scream in 73 countries around the 
world in 16 languages. 

..... '1f/jjjII~~'J 

May 24, 1984 9 



China opens its doors to Yates 

Hete ... rrre .. .'s lyle - The Chinese Government anxiously awaits the return oJ Lyle Yates. 

Fa:m.ily 
Planning: 
a choice, -~ 
a responsibility 
California's finest and most IIxperlenced family planning 
network, offering concerned professional care for women 
sim:e 1969 . . . 

• 

• I'UII preasaancy t .. U, 
with results while you wait 

• Unplanned pregnancy I 
general or local anesthesia 

• Birth oontrol 
• Gynecological exams 
Family PklnnJng 
Associates Medical Group 
SAN DIEGO 
649B Alvarado Rd . 

(Ill) II'''UI 
coatid.aUal- :prof ••• loa.l- affordable 

UCSD coach joins AIAfQL./ive-weeh tour 
By JEFF SAVAGE 

L yle Yates must have some special key. One year after the Chinese government closed its doors to 
American athletes, as a result of the 
defection of a Chinese tennis star, Yates 
has reopened it and is entering the 
mainland once again. The UCSD 
baseball coac h arrived yesterday, in 
Okinawa. Japan, for the first stop on a 
three-leg tour through the Orient. 
Athletes in Action, a globerrotting 
religious group, recruited Yates two 
weeks ago, before embarking on a five-
week journey which includes StopS in 
Japan, the Philippines and China. 
Athletes in Action is only the second 
American team to ever enter China. The 
first was UCSD. 

In December of 1982, Yates and his 
UCSD baseball team spent twO weeks in 
mainland China, enjoying the rich 
culture and tradition, and playing 
various teams throughout the country. 

Athletes in Action helps to spread the 
gospel through athletics, in Yates' words, 
"by being very friendly and concerned 
and willing to teach ." According to 
Yates, the mission is two-fold. "It is 
baSically a good will trip , but we will be 
holding lectures and clinics to train 
their people." 

AlA will be in Okinawa until May 30, 
and will play the Japanese national team 
and various local Japanese teams. From 
there , AlA will travel to the Philippines 
where they will arrive in Manila and 
remain for ten days, holding 
instructional clinics and playing the 
Filipino national team. 

AlA will then travel to China where 
they will spend the next 17 days in 
Beijing and Shanghai taking on the local 
Chinese teams and meeting the Chinese 
national team in a five-game series. 

Yates was recommended for AlA by 

the San Diego Pro Sports Ministries, and 
while reviewing him for consideration, 
they discovered that he had been 
through China before. "That was the real 
clincher," said the UCSD third-year 
coach. "I'm not sure I would be going if 
not for the experience I've received." 

After being actepted, Yates was faced 
with another hurdle - a summer 
baseball camp to be conducted for the 
first time at UCSD with Yates in charge. 
The two week camp begins July 8, one 
week after Yates return 10 San Diego, but 
because the program is just in its 
infancy and must be developed, a great 
deal of organization and preparation is 
required. And because the UCSD 
baseball team concluded its season only 
last week, Yates was afforded little time 
to carry out his duties. 

"I told Judy I UCSD athletic director 
Judy Sweetl about the opponuniry and 
jUst waited for her approval," Yates said. 
"For a while there, I was afraid she 
wasn't going to allow me to go." 

"He had obligations 10 recruiting and 
summer sports camps," said Sweet. "But 
he convinced me that other people 
would take care of them while he was 
gone." 

After Sweet granted approval, Yates 
did some scrambling to organize a 
comrol structure for the instructional 
camp. A staff of five will assume the 
duties that Yates would have carried out, 
and UCSD third base coach Charlie 
Cox will head the operation . Yates is 
paying Cox with his apartment, by 
allowing Cox to live in it through June. 

When Yates returns on June 30, he 
will assume control of the camp. 

"This is just a fantastic opponunity, 
and I'm JUSt so excited," said Yates, just 
before leaving for the airport. "Right 
now I can hardly believe I'm going." 

Roundtrip 
From 

$327 
$409 
$330 
$479 
$389 
$409 

LONDON 
MADRID 

$583 
$778 
$549 
$699 
$758 
$778 

Eurail Pa88e8 188ued on the Spot! 

Call COUNCIL TRAVEL (CIEE) 
4429 (ass I. 
S~n DIego. A 92 109 452·0630 U SD Student Center B'{)23 l..., Joll. . A 92093 

----Sports Spots 

UCSD awards ceremony 
The UCSD Intercollegiate Athletic Department will hold its 1984 Awards Ceremony 

on Wednesday, June 6, at the Torrey Pines Inn in La Jolla. UCSD team and individual 
awards will be presented, including; national and conference champions, most 
improved, most inspirational and Athlete of the Year awards. Also to be presented for 
the first time will be awards for the male and female Student Athletes of the Year. 

The third annual ceremony will feature guest speker Ned Baumer, the vice preSident 
of Equidon Corporation, a chancellor's associate and vice president of San Diego 
AquatiCS. Baumer will speak on the growth and direction, and the community's 
perception of UCSD athletics. 

Also featured will be president Dan Rodriguez and the Alumni Association. 
Department vans will provide transportation to and from the ceremony. For more 

information, phone the UCSD Athletic Department at 452-4211. 

Olympics 
The spirit of the Olympic Games, 

now overshadowed by political tension 
among nations, would be resurrected if 
the games were permanently returned 10 
their birthplace - Olympia, Greece, 
Senator Nicholas Petris CD-Oakland) 
said at a press conference Tuesday. 

At the invitation of the Greek 
government, Petris has introduced a 
resolution urging the International and 
US OlympiC Committees 10 establish a 
permanent neutral summer Olympic site 
in Olympia , Greece, where the games 
originated 2,500 years ago. 

"Such a m0Ve would help to 
neutralize the Games and make them 
less susceptible 10 political pressures 
and international political rivalry, and is 
more likely 10 revive the original 
Olympic spirit of peace and harmony 
among nations," states the resolution. 

Addressing the currem political 
tensions surrounding the Olympics, 
Petris said returning the games 
permanently to their origin would not 
only "de-politicize" them but save 
money. too. 

Besides de-politicizing the Games, 
and ending the threat of boycotts, 
establishing a permanent base will be a 
huge money saver. Different cities won't 
have to spend millions or billions for 
facilities which will only be used for the 
OlympiCS once and put them into hock. 
Perhaps returning the OlympiCS to 
Olympia will help de-commercialize 
them as well as take the politiCS out," 
Petris said. 

The resolution is expected to receive 
more artention from both the federal 
government and the IOC than a similar 
one passed by the state legislature in 
1980, because of the present political 
situation surroundin~ this year's 
Olympics, Petris saia. The Soviet Union 
has announced its decision to boycott 
the Los Angeles Games, while talk of 

Sportswriters 

separate Olympics for Eastern Bloc 
countries continues. 

The 1980 resolution was discussed by 
the IOC, but it was neither rejected nor 
accepted , Greek Consul General in San 
Francisco, Christos Botsios, said . 

After the 1980 resolution , presemed 
to the Greek government by state 
legislalOrs from both houses, Greek 
President Constantine Karamanlis 
proposed that a large area of land be 
dedicated to the OlympiC Games 
beginning in 1992. All nations would be 
allowed 10 construct their own facilities 
on the site and practice there prior to 
the Games, Botsios said. 

Karamanlis' proposal to the committee 
includes making all arrangements and 
accommodations for athletes, journalists 
and tourists , accordng to the resolution. 
In addition , it states, the Greek OlympiC 
Committee will develop both a neutral 
airport and seaport. 

Botsios is confident that Greece will 
be able 10 protect all I]ations' athletes 
from the pOSSibility of political violence 
occurring at the Gam(s. 

"Greece, compared to other European 
states, is pretty safe," he_ said. 

"The Olympic Spirit dates back more 
than 2,500 years. We don't want it to 
die in our lifetimes," he said. 

The Olympic Games originated in 
Olympia, Greece in 776 BC. Ongoing 
wars were interrupted for the sacred 
Games, allowing warrior athletes to 
participate . The purpose of the Games 
was to promote peace among Greek and 
Roman city-states. 

Petris expects the resolution will 
receive wide support from members in 
both houses , as did the 1980 resolution. 
The last measure was co-authored by 
over 100 legislators, he said. 

- Jackie AfIonso 
S4aammlO COm5pOndtnl 

This is the time to submit sports fearure ideas or stories to the 
Guardian. Staff members and non-staff members alike are encouraged to 
write on an interesting aspect of athletes, sports events or issues of 
general interest to UCSD. Please submit your articles to the sports editor 
either in person (at the Guardian office, adjacent to the Che Cafe) or via 
intracampus mail (mail code B-016). 

Also, once and future sportswriters should submit their summer 
addresses and numbers so that the sports editor can contact them about 
next year. 

... IIIIIe--. ..... 
Sliadium Ring. 

only $94.'11 , ~-:,k 
- ~~~ Now's the tIme to think about 

. V your college ring Not Just any 
ring- a 14K Gold College Ring 

LAST SALE from ArtCarved. The karat gold jewelry that's designed and hand-
OF THE VEARI crafted for lasting value And now an ArtCarved 14K Gold 

DATE: May 21-25 College Ring is more affordable than you 
think. Choose from an entire collection of 
14K Gold ArtCarved College Rings and 

TIME. 9:00 - 3:00 save $25 ThiS offer is for a limited time 
only. so come in and see all the great 
ArtCarved styles with the custom optIonS 

PLACE. BookItore that can let you have the ring of your 
choice. the way you want it. 

So graduate In style Graduate to gold! 

Cl 1983 ArtCarved Class RIngs Inc 

DePOSII Requlfeo ~ 
MasterCard or V,sa Accepted ~ 

Nat*lg eiIe feels lie real ~ ~ 

CI.EAT OR 
Men's AA mttmate Disc 

(L to R) Top: Farley Stewert. Steve Gee. Bill Saranow, 
Darren Bedell. Greg Carr, Dave Brown. Hugh Mann. 
Diane Groll. Bottom: Eric Bonzell, Nick Fohl. Eric 
Moeller. ICr1s Trattner. Not pictured: Deron Gilmore. 
M 11rst glance, one might've thought there was a luau going down on 
the Warren East field last Sunday at noon. What with the shirts, th& 
b.b.q., the food. the drink. the coconuts. the leis, the girls, the boys, the 
fr1sbees ... ahl The 1Jisbees. that should be the clue. That's right, this was 
no luau; it was I.M. Ultimate Disc play-01fs. Someone just forgot to tell the 
guys and gals ot Your Cleat or Us just how important this game was. 
Eventually, they figured 1t out and managed to edge out underdogs 
Rotating Penetrators by a score ot 9-8. Led more or less (mostly less) by 
Darren Bedell Eric Bonzell and Krls Trattner, Your Cleat or Us 
adVances to the AA semi-t1ncUs. Good luck and keep those nice shirts 
clean. 



Claaaifled advertising apace Is sold In 100 
charac:t.r Increments. Each letter. punctuation 
mark and space between words Is considered a 
character. wHh capital letters counting 01 two 
characters. The rate Is $1.00 per 100 characters lor 
stuc»nll and $3.00 per 100 characters lor non-
students. You musl come by the olftce or mall In 
your ad. as we require paymenl In oc/vance 01 
publication. Deadlines: 5 pm Tuesday lor 
Thursday's paper; 5 pm Friday lor Monday's paper. 
For more Intarma1lon. call 452-JoUK>. The Guardian. 
UCSD. 1-016. La Jolla. CA 92093. 

FOR SALE 

Beautltul baby com snoke Eats well $20. Call Andy 
452-2073 days (5/24) 
Electnc Bass - Gibson VictOry - exlnt condn -
cherry red paint - I\i\IO P\l's - rad bOsS - Len. 5400 
abo 457-5393. (5/31 ) 
Motorcycle. HONDA TWlnstor 10 milage. great 
condn super roodblke $675obo + helmets 450-
9048 ( 5/24) 
1972 Chevy Novo Oeam-belge. bOdy Int/ext (paint 
Inc.) In very good condition New cattery & radiator 
Tires approx. 1 1VT old Onglnalowner. 'l lalntalned by 
Ood. Great trans for school $1100 or negotiable 
Cely ( w) 452-3861 or (h) 457-4356. (5/24) 
1971 Datsun 110 3-door 3-speed automatic. 
Radials Looks and runs fine $700 00 279-2681 
( 5/31) 
For sole Datsun 710 IlI1adel 76102 thous. m iles good 
transp $1000 call Olaf 274-8265 or Hannes457-3742 
(5/ 28) 
Desk With bookshelf S45 459-5291 Leave message 
(5/31 ) 
1958 II11ERCEDES 1905L new Mercedes classic wntle 
paint burgundy leather Interior. block sott top. new 
carpets. everything works. You have to see It to 
appreciate It Runs & looks beautltul. For sole at 
$14.000. Coli Jane Lutter for details at 488-0936 
( 5/29) 
Lorge office desk - 3 x5 . 7 drower 2 typing dowers. 
woodgrain top 5120 SkiS. boots. bindings & poles 
560. Black & INhlte N 520. Lazy Boy chalf block 550. 
Call David Levy 452-3811 or . 459-1 026 after 11 pm 
(5/24) 
Sony Walkman WM- 20. new. unopened. WOfl s a 
prIZe need cosh. $30.00 or b/o. ca ll Chns ~972O 
(5/24) 
Surfboard - 5'1a' tf/fln thruster Exclt condo Fast 
IlI1aneuverable 5180 a bo John 453-3276 (5/24) 
Dad need a tax deduction? 201 2 ba BaYView condo 
ciose to UCSDgreat 4 two roomies 79Kcall 270-1219 
(5/24) 
Mopr:;d P..ugeot 103 xlnt condition only 2900 miles 
100 miles to gallon 0 steal at 5275 call 270-2300 
5/24) 
ew DENON 3 - Head DR - M3 Cass Deck 

Autoblas. [)olby B/C. 20-20< Hz. Great! Reg S650 
457-4365 eve S440. (5/31) 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
ACADEMIC INTERNSHIP PROGRAM - placemenT In 
dlfect client contact/counseling - Includes 
seminar & facultyadvlSOf 20 hrs/Wk Eam academic 
credit Apply now at 406 Warren Campus. (5/25) 
Performers. food. tolk art. displays. IdeaS. energy for 
Cultural Fest. Rachel 457-0541 or /oS offices (5/24) 
Earn academic credit while researching constituent 
ISSueS. writing position papers. handling PR for STATE 
& NATIONAL LEGISLATORS Apply now at 4Q6Worren 
Campus - ACADEMIC INTERNSHIP PROGRAM 
( 5/25) 
What would you da If your fiance SOld. ' Sorry 
honeydew. but I cant-aloupe "? 550 & the coveted 
post of Watermelon Queen to the seed lOSt response. 

737 Pearl 
La Jolla 

456-1170 
456-1815 

PRECISION 

Apply by June 4th at the Revolle Provost's Office 
(5/29) 
ACADI:MIC INTERNSHIP PR0 RAM - earn 
academic credit and gain experience In MEDICAL 
RESl:ARCH at UCSD. Salk Inst .. Scnpps or private 
companies Apply now at 406 Narren Campus 
(5/20) 
Huge garage sale - UCSO Day-care garage sale 
Sat 26. 7 to 2 UCSO Coast Apartments - Off La Jolla 
Shores. Discovery Way Clothing. nding toys. boOks. 
miscellaneous. (5/24) 
Earn academic credit through the AcademiC 
Internship Program Apply now! Placements In Video. 
magazines. news stations and many more. 406 
Warren Campus. (5/25) 
Prepared for the Pnmary? Meet lacal Democratic 
candidates for Congress. State Assembly and 
County Boord of SuperviSOrs on Tuesday. May 29. at 
4 00. In the North Conference I?oom In the Student 
Center. (5/24) 
Attention Fountain Volley HS Alumnl l C loss of 1979 
celebrates 5 yr reunion June 23 call 71 4-951 -6669 
(5/ 24) 
Pre-LOW students Intern with lawyer on movie 
controct breach of contract SUit. Earn academic 
credit. Apply now. Academic Internship Pragram. 
4Q6Worren Campus. ( 5/ 25) 
There Will be a meeting to discuss the formation of 
on UNDERGRADUATE ACTING ENSEMBLE on tII1ay 25 
at 4 pm and May 30 at 4.15 pm on the lown In front of 
Drama office (5/ 24) 
Wont to work on AS programmng next year? (shows. 
films. etc) Good experience Rachel 457-0541 ASM>. 
(5/24) 
Earn academIC credit through the ACADEMIC 
INTI:RNSHIP PROGRAM - Admn. Analyst or PerSOf1nel 
Asst poSItionS available for summer With the SO 
City/County paramedic prOVider. Apply new at 406 
Warren Campus. (5/25) 
State Task Force on comparable worth pay for 
women needs summer local intern. Work on 
research. draft legislalton Apply now. AcademiC 
Internship Program. 406 Warren Campus. Earn 
credit ! (5/25) 
REVELLE STUDENTS - Get Involved. The loIlowlng 
committee positions are available: Stu. Rnoncial 
Ald. BaOkstore. Alcohol & Substance Abuse. 
ReSidential Life. Computer Advisory. Noon 
Programming. and Graduation Applications 
available In Revelle Provost's Office. Deadline -
Wednesday. May 30. (5/28) 

SERVICES 

NORD PROCESSING. Speedy service. Pickup & 
delivery on campus. Call Andy at 279-8056 (6/7) 
Need a tyPist? Reasonable - speedy - accurate. 
ThesiS papers - JOUrnal artlcies - Kathie 576-
1277 <.6/7) 
IlI10vlng and hauling - cheap. Colt ~Ienn or Lorry 
454-3410. (5/24) 
TYPing. word processing. tope transcnplton. uallty 
work at reasonable rates. La Jolla. Sandy. 459-5818. 
(6/7) 
UNWANTW HAIR REMOVED PERMANENTLY near 
campus. La Jolla ProfessIOnal Center. 8950 Villa La 
Jolla Dr Suite 116().C Call for appt 457-4039. (6/7) 
TYPlngl Word ProceSSing! Rush Jabs! Term papers. 
theses. resumes. transcnption . .Jennifer @ 274-!lOJ5. 
(6/ I) 

1YPlN~ . IBM RUSH JOBS term papers theses 
dlssertattOns editing 453-0656 (eve ) 452-1588. (6/ 7) 
Manuscripts. theses. dissertations. resumes typed. 
Experienced 51 page OS Betty 755-4779. (5/24) 
TYPING - Term papers - theses - resumes. Fast. 
reasonable. PaCific Beach. Carole 483-9109. (6/7) 
Typing 51/pg discount w/ this ad. At Klnko's Copies In 
W Village Sq (across from campus) 232-CJ797. (6/1) 
Top Drower Secretarial Service reports. manuscnpts. 
resumes. letters. Reasonable call 481-4160. (6/7) 
Burke Secretanal. Try our typlnQII?ush Jaos specialty 

HAIRCUTS Wi'li cOUPO" 
_!~':.~!~~~~~O..!'!!~ __ T _____ Ol~~~£il.e!~-z~~ __ _ 
PRECISION HAIRCUT I PERM $32.58 

I 
I women, $13.541 

men, $11 
Includes shampoo, cut & blow dry 

(long hair extra) 

(long hair extra) 
~-------------------

CELLOPHANE $15 

- flexlblt) hrs La Jolla 455-6310 days/ 457-3842 eve. 
(6/ /) 
TYPIST - S1 per page term papers. m anuscripts 
EngliSh M.A Janet 454-4659 100m-9pm (5/29) 
TYPIST 51 per page English MA term papers. 
manuscnpts. Janet 454-4659 100m-9pm. (5/21) 
High quality. fast. accurate typing at special rate lor 
students. Some day service. 16 yrs expo Coli Fery 452-
1393 anytime (0/24) 

LOST & FOUND 

lost at General Store. Blue backpack containing 
lIenls of great personal value (address boOk. physlcs 
notes) Dena 457-4007. (0/29) 
Found. One nght block plasltc pump at TG on 
5/11/84. Cinderella claim at /oS Offices above EDNA 
452-4450. (5/24) 
Lost Hewlett Packard 11C Colculator. lffound please 
call 452-7969 rewordl (5/24) 
Lost 5/3: baSeball mit Natural color/Tom Seaver 
signature. Reward. Suzanne Ufson 455-9644. (5/29) 
Lost. In between AP&tII1 and HSS. Bracelet w/ p!nklsh-
clear beads. purplish oblong pearls and gold bOils. 
Reword. Senltmental value. Suzanne Ufson 405-
9644. (5/29) 
Reward If you find my 14K gold bracelet. Lost 5-16 In 
HL 1116. Senltmental value. Please colt Jill at 452-
9936. (5/29) 
Lost. blue math folder 00/10. If found please call lisa 
at 481 -5330. Thanx. (5/24) 
Lost: keys at MUIr Field Sunday. May 13. Gold disc 
w / 1I1 Ski Instructor. Call DWight 481-1386. (5/29) 
SEKAI bicycle wheel lost 5/17/84 near the Torrey 
Pines/La Jolla Village Drive intetseClton. If you have It 
please call Jane at 488-0936 or turn It In to the 
campus pallce. Thank you. (5/31) 
Lost red metal skateboard. Santo Cruz decal. Call 
Enc 465-2359. (0/31) 

TRAVEL 

Council travel/CIEE prOVIdes information on student 
charters. rollJ;XlS5eS. Int'! student Id·s. hostel cards. 
tours for ages 18-35. work and study prc-grams. and 
much more. Stop by the Student Center or call 452-
0630. (6/7) 
AIRFARES. WorldWide for students. Int'! student I.D. 
cards. tours. rallpasses. experienced advice. All your 
travel needs - Student Travel Network. 1551 
Camino del Rio South - 692-9213 (6/7) 

PERSONALS 
Wont to surprise your best friend? Enter him/her In the 
Watermelon Pageantl1st prize. 550. Apply by June 
4th at Revelle Provost's Office. (5/29) 
Jotlna Abrena: Happy 21st Btrthdoyl!l Have fun and 
enjoy. Alpha love. May. (5/24) 
Halper. Tisi. Gagne. Lodotto. Kris. Wiggins. Pelzarskl. 
watch out. there's a leach on your neck. Let's not da 
It again. soon. that meons you STEVE I !-ram the 
Falthtul FATHEADS. 
Mafle. Don't forget to oong your Happy Pail to the 
AOPI otter party. Rem I'll supply the ice ... May. (5/24) 
WANTED. SP. beautiful blonde with worm heart to 
shore lasltng relationship (forever and a dayl). love. 
friendShip and Itfe with - Benefits!1! Inqul(e wlthlnl LS. 
(5/24) 
Anthony. LOOking lorward to spendlflQ our 2nd Rose 

Ball together Hopofully. the lObster wont snap t usl 
See you Love. YLP (0/24) 
IlI1y Choracter tilled friend. In answer to your 
questions. Wonderful. Alnght. Not qUite. Yes. Ar.Nays. 
and It soves space What? You wont Illore detail? 
That will have to WOlt But tor now I can soy that If 
12OO<M doesn·t kill me. next year will Indeed be a 
fabulous one f-orsomeonowhocan llBTLsoweli. this 
should be a gIVeaway. Now what about Sunday 
Love James P S. Stop sllliling so mUCh. People Will 
wonder whaf you're up to. (5/24) 
Pet - Drop the books and pick up a gloss. 
champagne and good times will leave you flat on 
your bOCk - and not alone! Happy .l1stl Love always 
LS. (!J/24) 
IlI1r. INE:AKNESS. FATHEAD. or DALLf:oS. Thonks for the 
neck tattoos and the hangovers. We love your 
tentacles I Let's grapple somettmel Love. Your I\i\IO 
favonte IIamos. (5/24) 

WANTED 
Will pay: exp R/C aircraft modeler with AMA # lor 
night & const. Asslstance. Dow 697-6680. (5/29) 
Wonted - cute onental glfllnend. Must shoot a 
good game of hoop and like the Lakers. Call Wayne 
455-9720. (5/24) 
Need opt. near P B. or Mission Beach to sublet thiS 
summer - Call AIiSOf1 453-6256 or Michelle 455-
1287. (5/24) 
BED AND BREAKF/oST HOSTS - uests In your home 
alter on opportunity to meet people and earn extra 
Income. All you need IS on extra bedroom. 560-7322. 
(5/31) 
LA JOLLA PLAYHOUSE seeks tete-soles persons for 
great new season. Coli Cathey 1-9 pm 232-1275. 
(5/24) 
Job Opportunities. Program Speclahst. M and Crotts 
Director. Naturalist - Lacof Gu1 Scout Camp. for 
summer. near Julian. Love of chllaen and out of 
doors a must. experience In programming. M 
majors and BIO majors preferred. Corltoct Barbaa or 
Carrol at 298-8391. (5/24) 
Crewpersons needed for private ycx:hls local & 
Worla.vlde. Call American Sailing Assn. 273-3013. 
(6/4) 
Writers/Mists needed - New publication seeks 
short stories. poetry. music reviews. fall tashtOn 
articles. and comics (1 2X2 2). Submit with SASE to 
PO. Bax 1068. La Jolla. Co 92038. (6/4) 

HOUSING 
Roommate needed. M.B. beachfront condo June 1-
30 only Toke a break before going home or to work! 
It's on the beaCh and boardwalk. only 50 yds to 
great surfl Don·t mtSS outl Coli 270-0349. Now!! (5/29) 
Cordlff Cove. Roommates needed for 3/br. 2/00 
condo 11 miles narth of UCSD. furnished. new 
carpets. drapes. appliances. destgner bathrooms. 
extensive woodwork Access to pool and jacuZZI. Mo. 
to mo. Huge master BR - S4OO. Single BR - $250. 
Available June 7 270-0349. (6/7) 
Fem Rmmate starting fall qtr. Condo near UCSU. 
Pool. jacuzzi 350/ma. + '2 utilities. Coli Mariano 457-
2547. (5/24) 
ROOMATE WANTED ia shore condo by UTe. O.vn 
room pool. laundry. fireplace. microwave. and a 
cot! Must be. nonsmoking. neat female. Rent 5240 
+1/3utllities. Call 457-0534. (5/28) 
Roommates wanted for house In University City. 
Stngle/53OO shored/5250 +ultl. Steve/Paul M. 455-
6473. (5/31) 
Bcirm available 6-18 in Mission Hills 21m house. 10 min 
walk to free campus shuttlel EE student taking 
closses all summer seeks housemate 5250/mo +utll 
all summer. For inlo 294-0076 eves - Mike. (5/24) 
Great bayview condo close to everything 2br 200 
private. Original ClINTlerS. Great buy at 791<. 270-1219. 
(5/24) 

UCSD Summer Session 

ADDED 
AMES 10 

FORTRAN PROGRAMMING (4 Units) 
Applied Mechanics and Engineering Sciences 10 
Course Code 0232 July 16 - August 24, 1984. 

For more Information visit the Summer Session otnce 
101 A Administrative Complex or call 

451-4364 



VOl. 6, No. a t.tIy 24, 19M 



The Magazine 
of the '80s 

Ultor 
AJ'I)RfW ~r;lLR 
Assodate [ditor 

JOHN Ntt 
Writers 

MIKE AHN, IN'tCt 
8tRNARD, CH~lOPHtR 
CAI"IOIL, MARK DeVOL 
r:THAN FW~T, JOAN 

FORSBERG, RONA HU, 8.8. 
ILONt, CLYDtNt Ntt, 
JAMf.S RAlPH PArP 

Ultorial 452-.)466 
Advertising 452-3468 
tti.t"s Is published every 

Th ul'5day 0( the school year as a 
supplement to the UCSO OOARDIAl'l. 
Reproduction or LLte without written 
permission 0( any portion 0( this 
milgazlne is a oo-no. We welcome 
ull50lIdted letters, manuscripts and 
ar twor k , b ut 35su m e n o 
responsibility for the return of such. 
Send Informat ion to: 

HIATUS 
UCSO, B-Ol6, 
~ Jol la. CA 9209l 

And that's the fact, Jackl 

Contents 
Cover: A recent addition to 
the stuart Collection looks 
Just like Stonehenge but not 
really, 'Ibis week, lfiatus takes 
a good hard look at the 
monoliths south of Humani· 
ties Ubrary. See story on page 
3, 

COmiDg Attncdons .. . .. page 4 
More fine stuff Is In the works 

from the UCSD Drama Dept. as well 
as with the Undergraduate lbeater 
festival, all coming up this week, 

rlrata.r'ter .. . . . .. .. . .. page 5 
There Is yet another screen 

adaptation from that master of the 
macabre, Stephen King, about a 
young glrl's fascination with fire. 

Sympbony .......... .. page 5 
Maestro David Atherton returns 

home with a warm welcome from 
San Diego's elite and James Ralph 
Papp. 

Go .... 011 page 7 

STARTS FRIDAY ------ -
UA GLASSHOUSE 
3156 Sports Arena Blvd. 
223·2546 

UA CHULA VISTA & 
320 3rd Ave. 

SOUTHSAY ORIVE·IN 
2170 Coronado Ave. 
Imperial Beach' 423-2727 

UA EL CAJON 
Park way Plaza 
EI Cajon ' 440·0306 

1 nlMlu Jllay 24, 1984 

Between E SI. and H SI. 
Chula Vista' 425·7600 
FRONTIER DRIVE-IN 
3601 Midway Drive 
223·5535 

Bob's Book Report 

Goddard's 'BaJeftre' is 
a Uterary smorgasbord 

1ya.a.~ortE 
lJIle/frt. by Kenneth Goddard. Is a well-wrltten book that can·t 

decide what It wants to be. Political thriller, Robert Ludlum style 
suspense or police procedural, all come forward and meet and mil 
In this book, not to any III ttrect. but not to any extrlordlnarOy 
good drect dtller. 

The plot Is rather simple. A telTOl'lst Is sent to commit an act of 
terrorism. or rather a campaign of terror, for the beneftt of the 1984 
SUmmer Olympics. Instead of heading for Los Angeles. and all the 
security forces rounded up there specially to prevent acts of terror. 
the terrorist. Yclept Thanatos, Is cUspatched to a nearby city to 
create an act visible from IA and more speclftcally the Memorial 
Stadium, at the precise moment the Olympic Torch Is lit. 

Of course, the terrorist takes the time to start a series of 
diversions begtMlng nine days bdbre the torch Is lit. just so that 
when the police Onally recover, they will be able to ftgure out that 
they and their commnlty were trounced by a single professional, 
and that AmerIca can never consider Itself safe from International 
terror again. 

Of course, Thanatos cannot help but leave traces. and the police 
omcers ftnally, knowing what hit them, begin to do more thanjust 
blindly react. rrom there. It becomes the stereotyped race against 
time by both sides. 

The actual writing of this book Is a bit more than adequate, 
despite Goddard's obvious debt to the Don Pendleton school of 
writing. riot only does Goddard know fairly well what to do with 
acUectives and verbs, but he does It. However, characterization 
rarely rises above stereotyping and hac:kne)U phrues. 

this Is because &l~re Is Intended as a cautionary tale. It warns 
against apathy, isolationism and the potential of terrorism. 
Continually. It harps on the same themes. resembling a sermon at 
times. 

It Is also heavily detailed, perhaps a result of Goddard's more 
than a decade of experience as a forensic scientist In law 
enforcernenl 

.--WIN $150--~ 
III 

PIU TBXTBOOD 
from the 

UCSD BOOKSTORE 
Who May Enter? 

Any student who has a current photo-I.O. card and wtJl 
be returning for FaD '84. 

What wID you win? 

Why? 

Where? 

When? 

How? 

A non-transferrable prize of $150 worth of textbooks 
trom the UCSO campus bookstore. 

Due to a manufacturer's !law, aD UCSO 1.0. cards Issued 
to date must be re-~e. This contest Is designed to 
encourage you to haw your photo-I.O. retaken NOW to 
avoid long lines in the FaD, and possible inconvenience 
in obtmning other servtces. 

Quonset 324, Warren Campus, on Russd Drive, east 
of the Cashier's o8lce. 

Tuesday, May 29, throUQh Friday, JW1e 8, from 9:00 am 
to 3:30 pm. 

No waiting or charge is antJdpated if you BRING YOUR 
ORIGINAL PHOTO-lO. CARD. Your ppoto wID be retaken 
and your ori~ card ~n back to you. When 'f'OU pay 
your FaD '84 fees, you wtlI be given your newcarcfs at the 

tel1~ near the Cashier's OIlce. _ 

The winner's name will be drawn from only those participants In 
this spedally-adwrtised session, and herlhts fee-paid status wID be 
wrl8ed by the Cashier's <>lice prior to awardinQ the prtze.lfthe 8m 
winner is disql'a1lfted, another will be chosen; every attempt wID be 
made to notify the winner during the week of September 3, 1984. 

The newest addition to art at UCSD 
Isolated rocks and tables has 
appeared. 

It could just as easily have 
been wooden beam. Iron pillars 
or straw bales. or even the 
ground Itself. Granite wasn't 
necessary, It just happened to be 
the lucky material. The 
fascinating thing about all these 
rocks strewn about Is that they 
are sharp. crisp. ' well-cut 
Igneous formations. not 
pseudo-ruins that one tan stili 
find ending paths and trails In 
gardens planned on Romantic 
or Victorian models, There Is no 
pretense (except perhaps some 
pretentiousness endemic to 
universities with growing 
sculpture collections) that this 
Is something It Isn't. It's just~ a 
set of structural granite (I'm 
stili trying to figure out why 
California stone wasn't used) 
rocks set out to set minds 
thinking about the significance 
of their arrangement. 

8y HOBlIT ~ortl 
"What hath the Stuart 

Collection wrought this time?" 
asked one of this school's more 
c1aS5lcally' minded gentleman 
when he ftrst observed the 
Richard flelschner Installation 
just south of Cluster Ubrary. 
That happens to be about the 
strongest comment 50 far by an 
Individual student. 

riot all seem to use such 
archaic language, but the 
common reaction seems to be 
"Oh, a new one." or, "Oh, yeah. I 
saw that" or. "I don't really like 
It," or, "It's OK. I guess." Unlike 
the Sun God, whose most 

A week-long festival 
celebrating 8Iack Arts ended 
rrtday with a pemnnance 
from the UCSD Jau f.nsemble. 
Led by JImmy OIeatom, this 
concert featured a special 
guest appearance from Mr. 
eddIe ' 'Clean Head" Vincent. 

The players In the band all 
perfonned their best bat none 
could outshIne the work of 
"Clean Head." who leisurtly 
strolled on stage to play his 
solos with the ultimate In jau 
feeling. 

colorful element was set' In 
place all In one day. It's hard for 
many to conceive of this latest 
creation. titled" La Jolla Prqject 
1983-1984," as something 
really new. After all. they (the 
artist and his rlew ~gland crew 
of stonemasons and other 
experts) started putting up the 
Individual stones (together 
massing more than 100 tons of 
rlew Hampshire granite) during 
winter quarter's Hnals week. 
We've had the entire construct 
(except for some reseeding and 
the scraping out of a patch of 
turf for no really obvious reason 
except to scratch out a patch of 

turf and reseed It and put up 
some "Keep Off the Grass" 
signs) staring at us for about a 
quarter, 

The violent reactions, If there 
ever were any, have all 
mellowed out (remember how 
after the Sun God was up for 
about three weeks the chem. 
IDiijors stopped trying to figure 
out the heat of combustion for 
that much fiberglass and 
polyester) with the passage of 
time, and even though the 
granite does seem to either 
stain or collect mold (especially 
the altar), It will look nice for 
the graduation ceremonies. 

RIchard rlelschner, If his 
previous works are any standard 
of judgment. Is obsessed with 
location. Outside looking In. 
Inside looking out. In transition 
one side to the other. looking 
through windows, Sitting In a 
box. All these fascinate him (or 
they wouldn't have been a 
prominent part of his work). The 
" La Jolla Project" Is no 
exception. On a site defined on 
one side by the library. on two 
more sides by parking lots and 
eucalyptus groves, and on 
another side by a steep drop, a 
bewildering assortment of 
portals and windows and 

However. such plainness 
cannot divert wonder. for 
example, there Is the title ofthe 
piece, "La Jolla Prqject 1983-
1984." Who died? Are we gazing 
on the tough vertebrae or 
ventral plates of some unlikely 
dinosaur or amphibian 
resurrected or created In the 
musty corridors of the Biology 
Building or the Marine 
Physiology Laboratory down at 
Scripps? Or Is It something a 
visiting professor brought with 
him that escaped into the Muir 
Cafe one day and ate too many 
students? 

Love It or hate it, nearly 
Impossible to move, Richard 
flelschner 's Installation Is here 
to stay . 

.•..•.. ..... , ... , ............ _. _.1 i _,:,.,: I',:""",: ,. 
Roberts VW • VOLVO @ 914. VW. BMW ~~ "" ~ .• ~ Audi Servo '" 

• • , • • .. • • • • • - • - • • • - • - • - • - • - • • • • • - • • • - • • • - I • • .. • _ • _ • • • 

······.,.·····-AII f UEO············· ••••• - .t.t·t 0". at .- .......... . 
-. -. . . -. . . .. . . ~ . , -. -. .. . . . -. -
••••••••••••• ,.,.I.t.t.t., 

.. . -. .. . -. . . .. . .. thanlc you 
· .. . . . -. -. 

.. • .. • .. I .. • .. • • • .. 
· ............. . 
· . .. . . . .. . . . .. . .. 

. .............. . 

.............. 

................ 

: ; : ; : : : : : for a woad.1 ful yearl ::::::::: German Car Specialists 
All work fully parantud • Factory· Trained Specialist 

Monday.Friday "S am - 5:30 pm. Saturday Sam· 5 pm 

(619) 454-7823 
(619) 454-3705 
(619) 275-1132 

.. 18_ 
_oa 

4630 Mission Bay Drive 
(1-5 to Balboa Exit) 

San Diego, CA. 92109 
* We use and recommend Knut.ll® Lubricants to our customers * 

---------------------------------10% OFF · (Except Motor & Transmission Overhaul) 
On All Repairs· With This Coupon (Not valid with any other couP01l) 

MAl II 
H OlliS GENTRY 

M AY II 
BLOND BRUCE llANO 

M Af lS 
B l4?OY R'fEO & THe rfOCKITS 

FRIDAYS, 4 '30-6 30 p,m 
U CSO TRITON Pus 

"""" " BIG IINWA.THOIINTON 
- WITH ,..El\NNlf CH&'ITIIM 

MA .. 
EUJI O!UTH PIGGEE 

I'R[S[NTED 9y TH[ UCSO STUOlNT MOARD 

• •••••• _ I.t ••• • _,_ .-t-,.' ••..••• 1., ... -.- 1_ .... - . - .... 
• • • • - I • • • • • • • • - • .. • • • .. • .. • .. • .. • .. • .. • .. • • • - • .. • • • • • • • • • • • • 

~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ i See you at the free ~,~~, ~ ~. I ~, 
· . . . . .. . 

; ! ; ! : :: 'I!.Yft-O'l!THB ~ II D ::: : : : : 
....... ~~&r ~ ·I~··"···" 
· . . . . . . . ..... . ;:;:::;:::::::: CONCEK,' ::::::::::::::: 
.. • .. • .. • .. • • • • • • • • • • • I .. • .. • .. • • • • • .. 

· . . . . . . . . .. . . . . . . .. . .. . . . . . .. . . . . . 
.. I .. • .. • • • .. • • • .. • • .. • .. • .. • .. • • I .. • .. • .. 
• • • .. • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • .. • .. • .. • • • • • • • .. I .. • .. • .. • .. • .. • .. • .. • .. • .. • 

, -. 
-. -

· -, 
· , -
, .. 

-, -

· -. 
-. -

· -. 
· . -

· -. 
-. -

· -. 
-. -

· -. 
-, -

· -. 

-, . 

· . , 
-.. 

· -, 
· .. 

· . , 
· , . 

.. . . . . . .. . .. . .. . .. . .. . . . .. . .. . .. . .. . .. . .. . .. . .. . . . . . .. . .. . 
.. . .. . . . .. . .. . .. . . . . . . . .. . .. . .. . .. , .. . . . .. . .. . .. . . . . . . . . . . . .. . .. 

· ..... JUNE 8, FRIDAY 
.~~~~~4:00 P.M., GYM STEPS 
· .... 

.. . . . . 

· ..... 
· ..... 

· ...... 
........ 

· ..... . 
· .... . 

· ... . 
· . .. . .. 
• ..... t 
.. . .. . .. 
· ...... 

.. . .. . . . .. . . . . . . . . . .. . . . .. . . . .. . .. . . . . . . . .. . .. . . . .. . . . . . .. . .. . . 
· . . . . .. . .. . .. . . . . . .. . . . . . .. . . . . . .. . . . .. . .. . .. . . . .. . .. . . . .. . . . .. . 
.. . .. . .. . .. . . . .. . .. . .. . .. . .. . .. . .. . .. . .. . .. . .. . .. . .. . .. . .. . . . .. . .. . .. . . . . 
· .. . .. . . . . . .. . . . .. , .. , .. . . . .. . .. , . . . , .. . .. . .. . .. . .. . . . .. . . . . . . . . . 
.. . .. . .. .. ...... 

: : : : : pNMDteclID coopendoa with the ASUCSD: : : : : 
· .. . . . . . . . . 
.. . . . .. . . . . . . . .. . . . . . .. . .. . .. . . . . , . . .. . .. . . . .. . . . . . .. . . . .. . .. . .. 
· . . .. . .. . . . .. . .. . . . . . . . . . .. . . . .. . . , .. , .. . . . . . . . .. . . . . . . . .. . . . 

May 24, 1984 nlMu 3 



'Attractions' and some UCSD 
undergrads take the stage 

By JOM rORSB[RG 
The "Halloween Murderer" 

arrives at UCSD this weekend. 
No. this Is not the latest low-
budget fright-flick destined for 
the horror Him hall of shame. 
The " Halloween Murderer"ls the 
personage created by 
Pla)Wl'ight Ted Talley In his 
black comedy Coming 
Attractions. currently being 
produced by the Drama 
Department at the UCSD Theatre 
at Warren College. 

Directed by graduate student 
Chris Matheson . Coming 
Attractions is Talley ' s 
humorously cynical examina-
tion of the power of the mass 
media and its practice of 
capitalizing on violent crimes, 
Talley emphasizes the irony of 
individuals 'in our society who. 
while vehemently advocating 
stricter penalties for convicted 
criminals. at the same time 
think little of the " marketing" 
of real crimes with real victims 
in newspapers. magazines. 
books and film by the media and 
the entertainment industry. 

first performed in 1980 at 
New York 's Playwrights 
Horizons. Coming Attractions 
Is the story of lonnie. an 
Ineffectual, smail-time 
criminal . who is discovered by 
Manny. a shady press agent 
anxious to make an easy buck. 
Acknowledging the crude 
reality of the media 's 

exploitation of "celebrities" in 
American society. Manny 
exclaims. "It ain't news 'til some 
jerk of a writer invents it. ... Ya 
need that extra touch of mystery 
so the newshounds got 
somethin' to chew on .... " 

Recognizing vast HnancJaI 
opportunity. Manny turns 
lonnie into the " Halloween 
Murderer ." a superstar 
scoundrel who becomes the 
featured celebrity in 
newspapers and on talk shows 
and variety shows. lonnie even 
marries Miss America before his 
glory is inevitably consumed by 
his fate, 

for this hilarious play 
addressing a serious issue. 
director Matheson is striving for 
a production that " makes the 
audience fall out of their seats 
laughing and at the same time. 
leaves them absolutely 
horrified," 

Coming Attractions contin-
ues nightly at 8 pm through this 
Saturday. 

• • • 

While undergraduate drama 
students are actively involved in 
UCSD Drama Department 
productions throughout the 
year. they have to compete for 
roles and production positions 
with the graduate students In 
UCSD's nationally-renowned 
Professional Theatre Training 
School. The Undergraduate 

Theatre festival offers the 
undergraduates the opportunity 
to shine. 

Heglnning May 30. nine short 
plays. organized. directed and 
acted by undergraduates. will be 
performed In rotation at the 
UCSD Theatre through June 3. 

Three original plays will be 
produced: the science-fiction 
fantasy. So Our Tragedian 
Needs an Airplane to Soar 
Above the Clouds: William 
Berno 's In the Wings. a 
backstage view of the ballet: 
and I.. Kent Kirsher's A Nard 
Place. an allegory of the Cain 
and Abel story. Also being 
performed are Dario fo 's 
political farce, can't Pay. Won't 
Pay: Sam Shepard's Cowboys 
#2. a comic drama about 
nuclear Armageddon: John 
Olive's examination of 
friendship in Minnesota Moon: 
David Edgar's Ball Boys. set in 
the Wimbledon locker room: 
two short works by John Guare. 
to be performed as GuareZ; and 
Imago Nominis. movement 
theater pieces capturing 
explosive moments in human 
experience. called "Heavy Metal 
Mime," 

Tickets for the Undergraduate 
Theatre festival are 99(. and are 
available at the door. for 
performance schedules. call the 
UCSD Drama Department at 452-
3793. DIIYId 1'urTeatille Is tbe atmlaaI turaed ·star' la 'Comlng MbKdous: 

-UNIVERSITY CENTER REFERENDUM.-" ... 
MAY 21-25 

The AS Council, The Student Center Board and 
The University Center Planning/Building Advisory Committee 

request your support. 

Please Vote 
A yes vote will buy:---------------------

a general purpose lounge 
a cultural center 
a post office 
an expanded Women's Resource Center 
a multipurpose room for 2000 
A TM banking services 
a browsing library lounge 
8 student meeting rooms 
outdoor patio/dining space 
check cashing services 
a photography darkroom 

a 600 seat theater 
increased & improved media space 
typing, copying and computer terminal facilities 
a student information center 
at least tripled student co-op floor space 
a quiet lounge 
additional recreational facilities 
a box office 
more than doubled student organizations space 
surrounding recreational landscaping 
24 hour food service 
~---------------------------------- and much more-------------------------------------~ 

Please don't take passage of this referendum for granted. 
YOUR VOTE IS NEEDED 

You can enhance the quality of life at UCSD. 
Polls will be open until 4:00 pm today and from 10:00 am to 1:00 pm Friday 

Even if you will have graduated before the fee increase takes effect, 
consider those yet to attend - AND VOTE! 

---TOGETHER WE CAN KAKE A DIFFERENCE! 
4 n .. Uu May 24. 1984 

King's novel goes up in Dames on tbe screen 
By trHArt r[[RST 

Drew IIanymore as a aeet eIgIlt-year-old ••• 

Its acronym Is DSI. short for 
the Department of Scientific 
Intelligence, or the "Shop." In 
firestarter. the latest page-to-
screen adaptation of a Stephen 
King novel. the "Shop" Is in 
pursuit of a product of one of Its 
covert experiments designed to 
fortify the United States' 
wartime abilities. That product 
Is Charlie McGee (Drew 
8arrymore). an elght-year~ld 
pyroklnetlc whose parents were 
previously part of a DSI 
experiment that left them 
endowed with para psychic 
abilities. And as their daughter 
has grown. so have her powers. 

Charlie's father (David Keith) 
has trained her well. teaching 
the igniting girl control and 
restraint by having her toast 
pieces of bread. But as much as 
little Charlie doesn't want to 
hurt anybody. self defense has 
forced her not to get burned by 
the exploitative intentions of 
captain Hollister (Martin Sheen) 
and John Ralnblrd (George C. 
Scott) of the " ShOp," 

Unfortunately. the intelli-

gence of previous King 
adaptations (David Cronen-
berg's Dead Zone and John 
Carpenter's Christine) is 
somehow lost in this Mark 
Lester effort. The story unfolds 
flawlessly at first. clearly 
deHning the intensity of the 
relationship between the 
firestarter and her father. their 
past and the potential little 
Charlie's powers might reach. 

But after Charlie and her 
father are finally hunted down 
and captured. letting no time be 
wasted to flaunt the girl's 
flaming powers (care of glorious 
special effects). the rest of the 
film relies on a simple timing 
mechanism, 

The Hnal showdown itself 
becomes a gross and mindless 
display of Hollywood's ability to 
convince us that an eight-year-
old girl can start fires. vaporize 
bullets and send masses of 
fireballs towards her assailants, 
Perhaps Drew Barrymore is just 
too cute to believe - even (or 
especially) wh.en she's acting 
like a giant Bic lighter. •• .and a glaat Bk Ugbter In 'l'Iratarter: 

By JAM[S MLl'H 'A" 
for some weeks. the words of 

our music reviews have been \ 

• • • Welcome home, Mr. Atherton The Purcell Sextet played at 
Mandeville last Wednesday. That 

excitement that had recording size of ensemble allows one 
executives rolling In the aisles both the exploration into a 
like puppies wanting their single instrument of the solo. 
stomachs scratched. and into the interrelation of 

devoted to dress and dining. We I warhorses. It has been recorded, case both. 
have not particularly wished by Atherton and last week's Alter spending the first half of 
this. but with the absence of soloist. Philip rowke. and if the , the program simultaneously 
David Atherton from San Diego recording was anything like the upstaging one another. rowke 
has been a sort of cultural performance here. the concerto and Atherton spIlt up. the latter 
drought. In which clouds of dust will Hnd its way Into the more taking on Tchalkovsky's second 
have risen to obscure cultural standard repertoire. symphony. It was the case a few 
institutions. There are net simply diMcult years ago that one would have a 

Absence is supposed to make passages. but almost the whole hard time deciding whether to 
the heart grow fonder. but it was piece seems to consist of Hnger- listen to tile Symphony or a 
not until Atherton's return that taxing movements. a hundred- recordln' It was a decision 
it was possible to realize how yard dash that goes on for the between live music and 
much we missed him. last week full 26 miles. But this allows the excellent music. Now there Is no 
h'e conducted the plano pianist to put all his passion contest. The Symphony 
concerto of Sir Arthur Bliss. into the performance. or at least performed the piece with a 
which is a foal among all his energy. and In fowke's delicacy combl~ed with 

LIMITED TIME OFFERI 
$139*s~' 

complete 
'for myopes only 

BAUSCH. LOMB 
Extenc:tecl Wear 

Contacts 

Dr. Steven Grossman Optometry 
"Eye Glasses & Designer Frames Also Available" 

W No. Hwy 101 (THE BOARDWALK) SuHe a 
481·2277 • SOlANA BEACH 
HOURS: Monday - Saturday 10:00 - 6:00 PM 

PACKAGES 
INCLUDE 

.... Eye Exam 

.... Filling 

.... Follow-Up Visits 

.... Care-Kit 
" It we're not the lowest, 
let us know who IS! " 

OFFER EXPIRES 6/7/84 

26 

Tonight. Atherton will be instruments of a group. 
conducting a program of Ives. Symphony concerts can be like 
Berlioz and Richard Strauss going to the seaside to look at 
(composer of the Death and the water and becoming soaked 
rransHguration Waltz). But for to the skin with a tidal wave. 
the compromise. or compro- Where the Purcell had 
mislng. addition of the assistant exquisiteness. however. it 
conductor. Matthew Garbutt. It . lacked emotion. and the 
should be. like the remaining evening was a bit close. 
two programs of the season. a Additionally. we wonder why 
thing of beauty and a joy for small groups of musicians are 
about an hour and a half. always backed by undergrowth. 

I 30e off ally pa .. c ..... of $1.00 or mOl'e I 
e We also honor all 

one per 
cuetomer 

at Herschel 
La Jolla 

KITE-MAKING 
AT MISSION BAY 

PROGRAMS 
WANTED 

IMMIGRATION 
Forma' IoNS, ~ \t\tIth 11 ~ 

cxpIIicllCC will hendIe IIlInvn9I11on IIIIItterI, 
Indudtn$ 

MI-#AAKIIG At ....... lAY 
L"'90f\laM"£rvaro~. IWIoIlft.li_ ... 
r.ca.duI MIWOn Got and ~ from an.AptI'I how 10 
meN the Pf\'f1Kt """ Ntd how to Mnd It IOOrir9 
UfI'WOHI'to the Iky. P'ID InO.idti ~ DI"III~­
liOn, Alto InI;t..oded wi! be 0 U\,Ie ..,.~ pICnI( 
.....,..011 .... '. 
"", "'- 2 t~ ., ..,.. , • .....,.. 

s.t. " ••• 2 
lO •• -3p. 

Do you own a program 
with commercial value? We 
are looking for programs 
that can be converted ta 
the 16 bit Sanyo 
computers. Let our 
nationwide distribution 
channels bring you 
royalties. Please call Facts 
Online for an evaluation: 
(619) 483-5393. 

• ,.,..... .. raldeta 
• M8n11uIIon 
• TUII! DI'II'* WOItc vIuI 
. ..,.... 
• Stud ........ 
• Depat"l011 
• Labor c:ertIIcMIon 

We prO\IIdc re.ot1IbIc rita " he InItIIII 
c:onRIbtIon, For more ~ IfIlrIMIjOfj call: 

Robert Kent 
....., ..... 

734 ScvalIh Avenue, SIn DIc!o. CA 91101 
6960955 

campus rec_ •• tkll"l 

9' .d .... 
6$ cltndw •• 

Sign up and detailS at x4ro7 
Canyonvfew Administrative Offices 
Department of Phvslcol Education 

May 24. 1984 II..... 5 



WE LEND STUDENTS 
A HELPING HAND. 

(:()MI/IIIIt; 
4 TTl14C:TI()fIWS 

~~ 
ct(j7"~~Cj~ 
Introductory Special 

,with this IuJ only 

12 Haircuts for students" 
with selected hairstylists 
regularly $22 (women). $19 (men) 

Nails . 
Sculptured Nails. reg. $4(). now $25 
Fills, reg. $20, now $15 
Mall h"u res, reg. $7, IIOW $5 
Pedicures. reg. $16, now $12 

. juliette Wrap. reg" $14. now $12 
8950 VWII L4 jollil Dr. 

Suit~ 1122 
L4 jo/lIl, Cil. 92037 
Off~r a"ires 5 / 30/ 84 

6 IlIMu May 24, 1984 

A lack of funds used to keep many promising 
students out of college. That's not the case 
anymore. 
Government-backed student loans now enable 
most kids to get the education they need. 
And Imperial Savings wants to help. 
We have the money to lend, and getting it is easy 
and convenient. 
To apply, just drop by any of our branch offices. 
We'll be happy to give you all the details. 
We want to help. Because a student loan is an 
investment in tomorrow. 

For fast information, just call our financial hotline: 

l-000-CHEK-NOW 
(1-800-243-5669) 

HIm~~!t~ 
Where Tomorrou ' Begins Today. " 

Caught in a Bind? 
\ P 

Kinko's is there 
for that last 
minute copy job. 

8855 Villtt La Jolla Dr. 
(Ralphs/Sav-On Shopping Center) 

M-Th.8-8 
Fri. 8-6 
Sat. 10-5 
Sun. 12-5 

Improve Your Reading Speed and 
ComprehenSion Irom 2 10 7 limes 

II 
FREE INTRODUCTORY SESSIONS 
CLASSES ON CAMPUS . 
Son Diego Center . 
2180 Garnet Ave .. Suite 20 
Pacific Beach 92109 
(619) 270-6110 
Ml. McNulty. Administrator 

l~~ CENTER 
'1"I'fIIW.IU''''''''~''''III''''''''''~ ' HUt 

Classical guitarist Walter 
Clark will present a concert of 
new music for guitar Saturday. 
The program will consist of 
Cello Suites 1 ~ 2 by Bach. 
transcribed by Clark, and works 
by Korneltchouk, Strizlch and 
others. The concert Is In 
Mandeville Recital ra"all at 8 pm, 
and there 15 no admission 
charge. for further Information, 
call 452-3229. 

Grandmaster flasb and the modem OJ 

• • • 

The La Jolla Museum of 
Contermporary Art's Japanese 

film festival closes Wednesday 
with Dodes·ka-den. General 
admission 15 $3: students and 
seniors $2.30. for further 
Information, call 4~257. 

• • • 

There will be an Undergrad-
uate Visual Arts exhibit In the 
Mandeville Annex Gallery. The 
exhibit will Include works In 
painting, drawing, SCUlpture, 
photography, performance and 
tllm. for further Information, 
call 452-2252. 

• • • 

lA's neo country-rock outnt 
Tex and the Horseheads perform 
Tuesday at the Rodeo at 8 pm. , 
for further Information, call 
457-5590. 

• • • 

In the past decade, the level 
of artistry Involved In being a OJ 
has risen far beyond the concept 
of developing segues between 
songs that Just "sound good:' 
Now, a good OJ Is marked by his 
(or her) ability to manipulate 
pre-recorded pieces Into their 
own works of creativity. Such Is 
the case with Joseph Saddler, 
better known as Grandmaster 
flash. 

Associated with a OJ are 
rappers who sing! speak over the 

O"'''ii'.'''''_ montage of rhythms created by 
the OJ. This relationship 
between a OJ and his rappers 15 
much akin to that of a 
conductor and his orchestra. 

Grandmaster flash was the 
prime Innonvator In this new 
musical art form which has 
spawned a new genre that has 
grown Into Its own culture. This 
sound has also found Its way 
Into other more conventional 
forms d music. Perhaps the 
most obvious of these is Herbie 
Hancock's use of "scratching" 
on his album futureshock. 

With the rise In popularity of 
flash's music on the New York 
club scene, there came also a 
good deal of attention from 

........ ~~ Sugarhlll Records, which 

subsequently released several 
singles from the ensemble. 
Despite this achievement, the 
group found that Its 
management and the record 
company were not adequately 
fulnlllng their duties, and began 
litigations to sever the business 
relationship which had lasted 
from 1980 to 1984. Though this 
may have been seen as a step 
backwards for the band, then: 
was enough credibility In Its 
music for It to stand on its own. 
Having recently signed with 
elektra Asylum, Grandmastei 
flash and the furious five will 
be releasing a full album this 
fall. In support of the album, the 
band will conduct a worldwide 
tour. Until then, flash and 
company will be playing 
throughout the United States. 

This domestic tour will bring 
the band to San Diego Sunday 
for two shows, as a beneftt for 
Jesse Jackson. The San Diego 
Grandmaster flash shows will 
be at the Holiday Inn 
embarcadero. Opening the show 
will be Crash Crew and the local 
Scooby and Co. 8reakers. 
Showtlmes are 7:30 and 10:30 
pm. for ticket information, call 
239-5139 or 28.5-1566 . 

UCSD Theatre will present Ted 
Tal~.Y's black comedy Coming 
Attractions through Saturday. 
for further Information, call 
452-3793. 

The Tooth olCrlmecontlnues ballet and jau scholaJShlp Martin and Uly Tomlin will 
through July 1 at the San Diego audltlcm this Saturday. for screen tonight. Thursday, in 
Repertory Theatre. for further times and registration fOl'lM, Mandevll~ at 8 pm. Admission 

a runaway Cuban slave, set to 
music, will be presented 
Monday at the San Diego Public 
Theatre. Admission Is $5. I'or 
further Information, call 452-
3229. 

Information, call 233-8025. call 234-4647. Is free. 
• • • • • • • •• 

• •• Stage 7 will hold summer The fUm All 01 fife with Steve II CimalTOn. the chronicle of 

ASSOCIATED STUDENT GOVERNMENT 
DENIES STUDENT ORGANIZATIONS 'FUNDING 

Now don't go getting bent out of shape ... At least 
the headline got your attention. BUT YOU MAY BE 
DENIED FUNDING, unless you get your budget 
request forms (for the first 5 weeks) In by FRIDAY. 
(5/25) at 4:30 p.m. Yes folks, we said Friday. For 
fwo weeks now ads hove been In the Bulletin 
Section of the Guardian announcing the 
Deadline of 5/25. Not only that, your mailboxes 
had fliers placed In them with the same 
Informatlon ... Would you like to knO\V the 
response we have had so far? (this could be 
embarraslng) k, of 5/22, only 3 organizations 
hove tumed In forms and approximately 5 have 
picked the forms up to be filled out. What more 
can be said. GET IT TOGETHER ORGANIZATIONS, 
THERE ARE RJNDS TO BE HAD. Don't come crying 
to us If you don't receive funding for the First 
5 Weaks. We tried. We just ask to be met halfway .. 
If you hove any questions, just coli x4083. 

NO FORMS 

NO RlNDING 

May 24,1984 ",.,., 7 



Discover 
the wealth of 

CHINA 

through its language 
The Program In Chinese Studies at UCSD 

Invita you to enroll In Its 
Language COUI'HI for Fall 1914: 

First Year Chinese: 
Second Year Chinese: 
Third Year Chinese: 
Fourth Year Chinese: 

Chinese Studies 11 
Chinese Studies 21 
Chinese 111 
Chinese 121 

Courses apply toward 
college language requirements 

as well as 
the major/minor In Chinese Studies. 
For more information call 452-4551 . 

12 Exposure ......... 1.99 
15 Exposure Disc. . . . . . 2.99 
24 Exposure. . . . . . . . . 3.89 
36 Exposure . . . . . . . . . 5.99 

110, 126, 135 and Disc, C-41 Process 

Expires 6/4/84 

Another Great Photo Value From 
UNIVERSITY 
BOOKSTORE 

TAKE GILMAN DRIVE OFF 1-5 TO VILLA LA JOLLA DRIVE, TURN LEFT. .. AND YOU'RE AT THE CENTER! 455-7550 
8 nbatu May 24, 1984 


