
" 

di 



Internship Information Night, 
sponsored by the Associated Students 
Internship Office, will rake place tonight 
at 7 pm in HL 1402. All mterested 
studerns are welcome to attend this 
session to learn how to gain valuable 
work experien e In local and far-away 
places. This is a student-run 
organization. 

o 

Psychic game show? An audience is 
needed for a psychic version of Whal' 
My Line? entitled What 's 0,1 Your 
Mind?Taping Will take place Friday at 
12:30 pm at Western Video, 8050 
Ronson Rd ., Kearny Mesa (tel: 292-
0337). The panel of psychics will 
attempt to determine a guest's 
occupation plus the answer to a 
preselected question without verbal 
communication. 

o 

A Hunger Projeci briefing will be held 
Saturday, January 28, from 9 am to 2 pm 
in room 168 of the Medical Teachers 
Facility. Through the briefing 
individuals can more clearly see the 
personal Contribution they can make 
towards ending one of mankind 's most 
pressing dilemmas. 

o 

Yoyagt' of tht' Pacific Peacemaker, the 
San Diego premiere of a film 
documenting the Peacemaker's voyage 
from Australia via French Polynesia, 
Hawaii and Seattle, will be shown at 
Roosevelt High School on February 3 at 
7:30 pm . The purpose of the Pacific 
Peacemaker Project is to expand the 
awareness of people throughout the 
world of the consequences of the 
continuing nuclearization of the Pacific, 
and to focus on the impact nuclear 

1969 ... 
An educational raUy on the Marcuse 

rehiring issue is planned for next 
Wednesday at noon in the Revelle 
plaza The raUy IS part of an honor 
Marcuse week wh ich will be devoted to 
di scussion of Marcuse, why he IS an 
object of community pressure ,lOd why 
he should be rehired. 

1970 ... 
A recrui ter from th e General Electric 

Company was met Monday by some 4{) 
p icketers protestll1g hiS presence on 
campus duri ng the current n.Itlon-wlde 
strike against rhe (ompolny. No effort 
\\'.1 molde to throw the GE rec ruiter 011 
cdmpus Jnd the stude nt s left the oITtce 
some ( hantlng W.u-m'lkers . St ri ke-
breakers, mash GE " 

1971... 
The Regents' Committee on 

EducJtlonal Polic)' approved guidehn es 
lor student newspapers yeste rday. The 
dpprovdl , howeve r tncluded the 
und erst.lnd lng th,1 t .l represc nt.wve 
deleg,l[ed by the chancellor review each 
Issue 01 ,1 \:Jm pus nc\\'spap~r 24 hours 
J fter pubh ation lor ru le viololuons. 

1972 ... 
Dr P.lul Saltm.1I1 . the dyn .. mlc and 

well knl)wn proVOSt 01 UC'iD ~ RCH'lI e 
College 11.1 S Jgreeu W deb.lle the 

weapon prolifer.ltion has had on people 
m the Pacific. For information on orher 
film times and locations, call 479-6280. 

o 

Get a job. Tooay's Collegiate Job Search 
Guide, II monthly newsleuer to help 
graduating students find employment, 
has juSt been Introduced Each issue of 

Job Scarch carries news of comP,lI1y 
employment needs, opportunities for 
training and mher programs, surveys 
and mdustri,lI needs. GradUdting 
students interested in obtaining a free 
sample and additional information 
should send a self-addressed stamped 
envelope to: PAR Publishing Company, 
6355 Topanga Canyon Blvd ., Suite 307, 
Woodland Hills, CA 91367. 

o 

"Indochinese Refugees in Southern 
California" will be offered as a course 
through UCSD Extension on FrIday, 
February 10 (7-10 pm) and Saturday, 
February II (9 am - 4 pm). Recent 
studies indicate that some 40000 
Indochinese refugees now liv~ in San 
Diego COUnty. Class members will study 
the historical background of the 
Indochinese in the US, including the 
make-up of Vietnamese, Cambodian, 
Lao and Hmong refugees, whde 
examining the Indochinese culture and 
the acculturation process taking place. 

o 

Reach the sky and learn to Oy with 
the UCSD Flying Club. On Mondays at 
7 pm in HSS 1305 students have the 
opportunity to become involved in 
aviation . Flying trips will be held to 
Catalina, Palm Springs, Big Bear and 
Mexico. A ground school win also be 
forming. For more information contact 
Torr Ewald at 455-9197 or Rob 
Friedenthal at 452-7217. 

president of the :,outhem California . 
Right-tO-life League on the subject of 
abortion. Dr. Saltman 's opponent is Dr. 
W.llter Trinkus. who is a professor of 
law ar Loyola UniverSity and president 
of the Right-to-life League . 

]974 ... 
A conference on impeachment, 

sponsored by C IIPIRG will be held 
Wednesdd y. III the Revelle Cafeteria. 
Di vergent view5 on impe.Ichment 
procecdlngs dg.1inst Pres ident Nixon Will 
be proVided th rough a p,lncl dl cussion. 
C IIPIRG's past projeclS were III the are.1S 
of consumer Intere!>!. environmental and 
SOCial refo rm . 

1975 ... 
A UCSD chapter of .1 nat ion.11 

organl z.lIion dedicated 10 init iating 
"lI1tereSt, re;,eJrch, .1I1d II1creol scd 
aW.1reness tn th~ arC,1 01 the u e of fJlsc 

r~port s by pohce age nclcs" hol< been 
lormed The reglon.ll chai rman of [hc 
organ lz.Itlon <;,l id, -We W.Int 10 hnd out 
how r.Impal1l thiS I.l\vbre.lking is." He 
said :'enalOr Edward Ke nnedy IS 
(urren tI)' cond uLtlng .1 slIntiM 
II1vcslIgauon. 

1976 ... 
Ovc r 7000 people Will s,lInrk peJnUI 

bUll er .11 UC '>D thl;, week I h.lI IS th e 
hllpe of J.l) Russo , .111 ,1!>SISt.lIlt professor 

AS Council funds CARD's 'Message From Europe' forum 

~st Wednesday the AS Council voted to fund the Committee Against 
Registration and the Draft's "Message from Europe" forum. The objectives of the 
progr.lm Include maklng available the diverse experiences of a contingent of 
people who went to Europe to observe and palliclpate in the peace/ anti-
deployment activities there. 

Michael Ma.rsh of CARD said, "We are aware that a large group of Americans, 
and students In particular, are thinking about nuclear/ deployment issues and 
are trying to assess strategies for reaching various go~Is , including nuclear 
freeze , nuclear free. zones, safety precautions I andl limits on weapons 
deployment. We thmk that knowledge of the experiences of like-minded 
people and groups around the world lisl relevant to the discussions happening 
on campus today. We hope that the forum will prompt such discussion." 

The forum will consist of a panel of three people: Jack Straw, editor of the 
North",,:st Nuclear Xchange (a monthly peace/ nuclear newspaper with a 
circulation of 15,000) and well-known peace activist in Seattle; Mark Caroll a 

Ch~stian pacifist from San Diego; and "Snag," a young activist involved wi~h 
vanous groups In Los Angeles. The forum wiD be moderated by a member of the 
UCSD CARD and Will feature both a formal presentation and slide show of the 
group's ~xperiences in Europe as weU as an open question and answer period. 

San Dlego .CARD was formed 111 1979 to oppose legislation favoring a return 
to . conscnpnon : It conSists of many people with diverse political and 
phllo~ophlcal v~ews who, n~vertheless, all agree with its non-sectarian 
Pr.l~clple~ of Unity. Beyond bemg an anti-draft group, SD CARD questions the 
military, ItS effects on SOciety, its budget, its role abroad and at home and the 
racism. and sexism of the Armed Forces and the Selective Service System. SD 
CARD IS one of over 60 local and nalional groups which belong to the National 
Committee Against Registration and the Draft. 

Since it began , SD CARD has actively worked to educate the public and has 
orgamzed plck~ts, demonstrations, forums, high schoolleallening campaigns 
and other activities. It has .also done legislative lobbying, facilitated and given 
suppOrt. to student orgamzmg and produced a variety of educational and 
orgamzll1g materIals, some of which have been used by other groups around the 
count~. SD CARD publishes a bi-monthly newsletter, Draft NO-tices, which 
contams reports on local organizing, commentaries and legal and legislative 
updates. 

S.D CAR~ was instrumental In establishing the San Diego County Draft 
Resisters Defense Fund, an organi~ation which is providing direct support to 
Ben Sa sway and ot~erlocal non-registrants. Although these areieparate groups, 
several CARD actiVIsts also contribute time to the Defense Fund. 

SD CARD hol~s gene~al meeti.ngs with p~grams every Other month. Planning 
and Other work IS done m Steenng Commutee meetings held two or three times 
each. month: In addition, there are several working committees which lOcus on 
speCific proJects. Decision-making is done mosdy by consensus. 
. S.D CARD has been an important and effective part of the peace and social 
Justice movement In San Diego County, and some of its work has had national 
impact. If you would like to be a part of this effort, there are many ways in which 
you can help. Fmanclal support comes mostly from smaU donations by 
individuals, and all work is done by volunteers. 

For information on the "Message from Europe," contact Michael Marsh at 
569-1209. 

- Chrislopher Canole 

of psychology, who IS conducting the 
largest psychological experiment in the 
history of UCSD. Russo hopes to prove 
that consumers are not stupid or 
ignorant about perceiving quality in 
products. 

presidential abuse of power, spoke a few 
k~nd words for his victims Wednesday 
ntght In MandeVille Auditorium, 
claiming that the presidential office was 
not nearly as powerful as the Amt'rican 
people like to believe. According to von 
Hoffman, the "imperial presidency" is a 
relatively new fallacy contrived by what 
he caUed "cold war liberals." "They 
needed an excuse for wh.lt went wrong 
in Vietnam. They looked at Johnson and 
Nixon and said, They did it. '" 

1977 ... 
"Is a society that promotes people 

feeling good at the expense of others a 
he,1lthy one?" asked Freada Klein <It her 
Rape Culture Progmm Monday night at 
the Revelle CJleteri.l. -A society like ours 
defines manhood a 'maklng it' 
economi .Illy, .lnd then docs not 
proVide the mean s. Alter losing a Job or 
.l mise In P,I)', or after some son of 
folilure , rape is the quickest way for men 
to reg,lln their m.mhood ." 

1978 ... 
A first round -vlclOry" was claimed at 

ycsterda}"s news conference held at 
Cen.tral L.lbmry by Ihe two continuing 
UCSD students who have challenged the 
school's Illdnd.Hory he.dth fee policy 
whi ch allows for ,Ibortion. The (1','0 
protesters ' regl str,ltlon Ices ($ 120). from 
whIC h the he.llth fec~ are t,lken , will be 
put in ,1 trust with ,hc Clt:rk of the San 
Diego Coul1lY upcTlor ourt , 

1979 ... 
W(/\ /IIIIXtOlI PI"t cl)IUmnlSt NIr/wl,lS 

\'O n 11<111 m.111 fo r },e,ll; , I u illl' oJ 

1980, .. 
"The struggle isn '[ over yet," Angela 

DJvis aid here Fnd.lY. And stlll dS 
stlOl1g as ever, she told .1 crowd of 700, 
is her personal struggle ag.lll1st political 
and racist repression , which firsl 
nowered IJ years ago while she was a 
UCSD graduate student. "They want to 
create the impression that the struggle is 
something that happened back then ," 
Solid Davis, who insisted thJt the same 
problems we had b.lck then we h,lVc 
nght now. 

1981... 
A small sc uffle brokc out .1t Tuesday's 

.lnll -RcJgJn mUy on Revelle PI.lza. Two 
student~ tried to run an elhgy 01 Reagan 
up the Revelle Ibgpole . They were 
prcvcl1teu from dOlllg ~) by .1n ir.ne 
studr'lll who h.ld .I de.lctl VJled gren.lde 
on hiS hip 

- Christopher Canole 

Experts on agingjoin 
Med School faculty 

Two of the world's leading authorities 
on aging and Alzheimer's disease are 
joining the faculty of the UCSD School 
of Medicine, 

Robert Katzman, MD, Professor and 
Chairman of Neurology at the Albert 
Einstein College of Medicine and the 
Montefiore Medical Center in New York, 
has accepted the position of professor 
and chairman of neurosciences at the 
School of Medicine. He will assume this 
posilion July 1, 1984. 

Also joining the faculty in August as 
professor of neurosciences and 
pathology IS Robert D. Terry, MD, dn 
eminent neuropathologist who has 
conducted what are conSidered the 
classic tudles of Alzheimer's disease. 
1 erry is currently proressor and 
chairman of the depallment 01 
pathology dt the Albert Einslem College 
of MediCine. 

Terry and Katzman are co-
Investigators on a major five-year grant 
for thc study of Alzheimer's disease. 
Their team at Einstein is considered by 
many to be the coumry's leading 
progmm conducting research in 
Alzheimer's disease and dementia 

"Dr. Katzman is highly respected 
n.1tionally and internationally as a 
scientist, clinician, and administraior," 
said Robert G. Pelersdorf, MD, Dean of 
Ihe School of Medicin.e and Vice 
Chancellor for Health Sciences at UCSD. 

"The recruitment of Dr. Katzman, an 
owscanding researcher in dementia and 
Alzheimer's disease, and Dr. Terry, a 
well-recognized neuropathologist and 
director of the Alzheimer's research 
program al Einstein, is especially 
fonun.are for UCSD because of our focus 
on me difficult problem of Alzheimer's 

disease ," said Petersdorf. 
Last Mayan endowed chair for the 

study of Alzheimer's disease was 
established at the UCSD School of 
Medicine with a gift from Mrs. Florence 
Riford. The chair has not yet been filled . 
The School of Medicine's Institute for 
Research on Aging has also recently 
received a significant gift from_Mrs. 
Riford in support of its expanding 
program in patient care and research . 

Alzheimer's disease destroys vital 
brain cells, leadlllg to severe mental 
deterioration and eventuaUy death . This 
disedse affects more than 1.5 milhon 
adults, and there IS currently no method 
of curing or even managing the dl e,ISC . 

Katzman was a Phi Beta KapP_l 
gr.lduatc of Ihe Universlry of Chicago 
anu earned an MS in phYSIOlogy al the 
University of Chicago before graduallng 
cum faude rrom Harvard Medical chool. 
He was an assistdnt in neurology at 
Columbia University from 1956 to 1957 
and has been at Einstein since 1957. 

Katzman is chairman of the Medi al 
and Scientific Advisory Board of the 
Alzheimer's Disease and Relatd 
Disorders Association and was recently 
elected to the Institute of Medicine. He 
has served on the editorial boards of 
numerous scientific journals and has 
been a member oJ or chaired several 
adviSOry committees, including the 
Aging Review Committee for the 
National Institutes of Health, the 
Research Review Panel for the National 
Multiple SclerOsis Society, and~ the 
Clinical Research Advisory Comminee of 
the March of Dimes. 

"Dr. Terry is an international expert 
on the aging or the brain: said Peter 
Lampert, MD, professor and chair of 

Health Sciences 
cut to meet budget 
By JACKIE AFFONSO 

University 'officials may have ro 
consider reducing student enrollment in 
health sciences instructional programs 
in order ro meet permanent budget 
reductions. 

All but one-third, $7.2 million , of last 
year's $23 million dollar budget cut to 
the University is being restored in the 
governor's proposed 1984-85 budget. 

The University decided the $7 .2 
million reduction could be more easily 
absorbed in the health sciences area 
where it had been made last year. "We 
felt we could not cut general campus 
programs," Larry Hershman, UC budget 
director, said . 

During budget negotiations, the 
University asked Deukmejian to restore 
Ihe missing funds to the health sciences 
programs, Hershman said . However, as 
PJlt of the final agreement, Ihe money 
was nOt restored. "We were hoping we 
wouldn't have to cut anything. 

Bob Hams, legislative program 
analyst, said the decision to pldce the 
CUI in health sciences rested with the 
University. "They could hdve taken it 
from ,my place in the University." 

T a meet budget demands, five of the 
nine UC campuses which orrer health 
sciences instructional programs may 
have to reduce student enrollment in 
their cl.lsses by five percent, Hershman 
said . The number of faculty members 
teaching in this area would also be 
reduced . Hershmoln eSlim.lted this 
would not begin until the 1985-86 
... cademlc year. "No tudents presently In 
the ~ystem will be .1freCled ." 

In .Iddlllon , Hershm.1n <;,ud progr,lnb 
11M)' be gr,ldu,llIy "phascd down" over J 

four- to five-year period , but not 
eliminated . Program cutbacks would nOt 
be made across the board . Some 
programs may be cut more than others. 

All plans are only in the preliminary 
stages. The University is now 
conducting an overall review of the 
health sciences program, which 
Hershman hopes wil be completed by 
summer. 

The Student Body Presidents Council, 
along with UC chancellors, the 
Academic Senate , a he.llth services 
planning committee, and the Governor, 
will be involved in the negoti<1tions. 

The University'S decision to take the 
reduction in the health sciences arCJ 
was due in part to the surplus of 
physicians In California , said Dr. 
Cornelius Hopper, UC vice president 
for he.lIth affairs. 

Olher factors included pressure from 
the Legislature to reconsider Ihe 
University'S long-mnge health carl.' plans 
and the steady growth of the health 
scienccs in proportion to other areas of 
the university. 

Harris said he did not believe cutting 
back on student enrollment in health 
sciences was a "life threatening" 
sitUdtion, because three-fourths of the 
doctors in alifornia are from outside 
the Stolle. "We are .It .l level th.lt exceeds 
the n,llional norm: 

Prior to the 1983-84 reduction In the 
hcalth scrvices budget, the Univer ity 
h,ld hcen working toward "sc.lling 
down" progrdms, Judith Wood.lrd , U 
,l ~ I~t,lnt VICC pn:~luclll , SJld . "It W. IS ,I 
nJtl1r,1I place to move ." 

Dr. Robert Katzman, accepted chair oj NeurOSCIence at the UCSD MedIcal Sc hool. 

pathology at UCSD. "He is a leading 
figure in furthering our understanding of 
the nature and development of 
Alzheimer's disease and senile dementia 
and will be a valuable addition to 
UCSD's Institute for Research on Aging: 

Terry earned his MD at Albany 
Medical College. He has been on the 
faculty at Einstein since 1959 and holds 
the faculty titles of Professor of 
Pathology and of Neuroscience and 
Chairman of Pathology. He h"s been iI 
visiting professor at the Institute of 
Neurosciences at the National Hospital 
in London and was a NatiQnal Science 
Foundation 'I\Cnior post-doctoral fellow 
at the Institut de Recherches Sur Le 
Cancer in Paris for one year. 

He is a Di plomat of die American 
Board of Pathology in Anatomic _ 

He is co-author with Katzman of The 
Neurology of Aging (F. A. Davis Co., 
1983) and AI::heimer's Disease' Senile 
Dementia and Related Disordas (Raven 
Press, 1978) and has numerous other 
textbooks and articles to his credit. 

Katzman was chosen chairman after a 
nationwide search which began with the 
reSignation last March of Wigbert 
Wiederholt, MD , professor of 
neurosciences, who resigned as chair to 
devote more time to clinical , teaching, 
and research activities. Doris Trauner, 
MD, associate professor of 
neurosciences, has served as acting 
chair during the interim. 

Stuart Collection gets 
new piece next month 
By DANIEL MOCHON 

While students and faculty at UCSD 
are familiar with the bird known as the 
Sun God and the purple cyclone fence 
structure next to the Health Center, few 
realize why they are here , how UCSD 
acquired them, and how these 
sculptures were chosen, 

The Sluart Collection of Sculpture W<lS 
formed in late 1980 by James Stuart 
De i1va. Chancellor Atkinson ,lOd the 
UCSD Art Department. 

Mr. DeSilva , an area resident, wanted 
to give UCSD a prestigious collectlon of 
contempomry sculpture. De ilv,1 donated 
money to launch the Colleclion , which 
has become a respccted asemblage. 
Articles on the two works h,we appeared 
in Art NL1vs , A,1 Forum and IVcstways 
magaZIP1c. 

Sculpture proposals mu~t go through a 
long, selective process before the 
sculpture IS commiSSioned. A board of 
eight people, each well-known in the 
field of contemporary art, decide on 
whether or not Ihe propos.!1 is 
acceptable. Then it f.lces the 
Chancellor's approval on the work's 
suitability for UCSD. The site is chosen 
by the anist and the Collection director 
,lOd is then cleared by the UCSD Long-
Range Planning Committee. 

Mary Beebe, the tuart Collection 
director, was hired m October 1981. She 
worked the Portland Center for Visu,ll 
Arts director for nine ye,lTS before 
coming to UCSD. She was dmwn to the 
ttwrt Collection , because she felt Ih.lt it 

would be .1n e ciung proJCCt ,md her 
experience wilh many diflerent art 
lllctitUlllS would he helpful. 

Bet'be obtams proposals from the 
,lrtl !>1 ,md works with till' per~on ver), 

closely at aU stages of production , 
should a work be commissioned. She 
;)Iso SitS on the Board of the Collection, 
and must negotiate all terms of a 
proposal with the artist before it is 
commissioned. 

Three works have been commissioned 
by the StlJ.m Collection, one of which 
will be erected next momh. The existing 
two should be very familiar to UCSD 
students Jnd staff. Niki de .lint Phalle's 
" un God" seems to be the most popular 
with tudents, and the second piece, 
"Untitled ," by Robert Irwin , occupies Ihe 
eucalyptus grove by the Health Center 
,mel is known by some students as "the 
badminton nets " 

Rlch,lrd F1elschner, a ProVIdence, 
Rhode Island ,mist, was commissioned 
to design the third addition to the 
StlJ.1rt Collectlon. This work Will use 
gmnite elements - columns, posts, 
tables and Other drchitectural features -
to evoke an image of a building in 
rUins. The piece will occup)' the entire 
grass area on the south side of Cluster 
Ub"rary. It is untitled so far and is 
expected to be completed by the end of 
February. 

Fleischner' work, like the others in 
the Collection, are pieces of outdoor 
sculpture thJt are designed to be 
integrJted into people's lveryday lives. 
These sculptures form the "Museum 
Without Walls." which is the name used 
to collectively de cribI.' the works of the 
tlJ.1rt ollection. 

Beebe expects to commission at least 
one more this ye.1r and hopes to build 
the Collection .It th e rdle of [WO to three 
works ,1 ),e,lr. 

J 



Editorial 

Draft Registration in 
the land of the free? 

America. The Land of the free. 
From the first time we stepped into a classroom 

we have been taught that the greatness of America 
lies in our personal freedoms and a quality of life 
that exists nowhere else in the world. We are 
indoctrinated inbto blind potriorism by teachers 
extolling the virtues of unalienable rights , freedom of 
speech, life, liberty and the pursuit of happines .. 

Bur if the draf~ registration issue has taught us 
anything, it is that these rights are ours only until we 
choose to exercise them , and then we realize that our 
personal liberties are just a myth like the American 
dream that eludes us all. 

Freedom is meaningless when men are forced to 
comply with a law that violates the personal, religious 
and moral rights outlined in the Declaration of 
Independence and guaranteed by the Constitution. 

Draft resister Ben sasway was denied a 
constitutionally guaranteed fair trial when the 
presiding judge refused to allow Sa sway to testily in 
hIS own behalt. The same judge also revoked 

sasway's unalienable right of free speech when the 
judge ruled that Sasway may not speak about 
resistence or on the behalf of draft resisters while his 
case is on appeal. 

Currently, anyone who chooses to exercise his 
right to personal freedom by refusing to register faces 
up to five years in jail and a $10,000 fine . The 
chances or more than a few dozen or the 40C},OOO 
resisters (as of fall 1983) being prosecuted are quite 
small . However, the possibility exists for reprisals 
against resisters, such as blacklisting and ineligibility 
for Federal employment. 

The constitutionality and moral justice of drart 
registration is questionable. Therefore , we urge 
anyone considering compliance to examine his 
options before doing so. Funherrnore , we encourage 
everyone to suppon non -registrants and contribute 
what time and resources they can to the San Diego 
Draft Resisters Defense Fund and the Committee 
Against Registration and the Draft. 

T.A. 

n cefctt<elf~n <efctt<elf ~n <efctt<elf ~n <efctt<elf ~n <efctt<elf ~n <ellitcelf~n <etttt<elf~n <etttt<elr~n <ellit<elf~n <eilit 
ttcelf~lettersn<eilitcelr~n<etttt<elf~n<etttt<elf~ncetttt<elf~n<ellit<elf~n<ellitcelf~n<.eilit<elr~n<eilit<elf~ 
If ~n <e ilitcelf ~n ceilit<elf ~n ceilit<elf ~ n <eilit(f;1f ~n <eilit(f;lf~n <etttt<elf~n <eilit<elf~n cetttt<err~n <eilit<elf ~n <e 
n ceilit celf~n ceilit<elf ~ n ~W<elf ~n <eilit<elf~ n <eilit<elf ~ll <eilit<elf ~n <eilit<elf~n <eilit<elr ~n<eilit<elf n <e Wee 
Editor: 

One of the Guardia/1's primal)' 
runctions is to inrorm the 
students on subjects which afTecl 
their wellare. In this lighl. we 
can't understand why the 
AsSOCia ted Swdent Internship 
Office has continually been 
denied coverage. We've been 
told we're not newswonhy. Well. 
we've got news for you. ,I hefty 
$13,000 01 student money W.IS 
allocted to the ASia by the A 
last year, yeLmOSt swdents don't 
know we even exist. We're not 
asking for free publiCity. Our PR 
starf works vel)' hard to get our 
name out to the sludent body. 
Yet all the posters. Ilyers, and 
ads can't proVide the baSIC 
infOrmatiOn swdents need about 
this valuable service. If you C,1n 
,111m th ree to six pages lor sports 
covemge, surely you Gin spare ,I 
column in )'our p,lper ItH 
i nform.Hlon which alleers ,I 
larger segment 01 the swdenr 
popul,Hlon . 

The prim,II)' purpl1se lor 0111' 
org,lntz,ltion is student WCIIMC. 
We don't ne~'d to tdl you hllW 
grim the employment picture 
looks lor UCSD gr.lduLes. M,m)' 
emplo)'ers 1I'0n't be btlthered 
hlr;ng .1 student Iresh llUt 01 
college when lhere ,m' plenty nl 
Jllb hunters with e~perlence 
,II re ,Idy ,IV,I ilablc. Em pillye rs 
dlln't C.In: ,lbllUl thenretil;,11 

courscs llr GPA's; they're Illllki ng 
for m,trkerable skills. WllhoUl 
experience, we're unemploY,lblc . 
Yet how.lre wc to g,lln 
expcrlence Ii we c,m't get hired? 
The AS Internship Ollice exi~ts 
[0 light lhl~ C llch·22 

jll11 Lolgren. ,I loriller A 
Commissillner 01 extern,II AII,lIr~. 
ILlundeel thl' ASIO III 1979 ,I~ ,I 
me,ms 01 gcmng plllllll',III)' 
Lonccmcd students 111\'01\,1.'« In 
local governillent Illle then. 
we 've expanded our ~el'\' lce ((l ,III 

m,IJors .11 ail class levels who 
seek proressional level work 
experience in their field 01 
interest; we have also developed 
hundreds or opponun ities ,II the 
st,ne and n,lIional levels. We are 
a stair of twenty dedic'1Ied 
student s. ,md lew walk aw,lY 
diss,uisfied with our service . In 
ract. m,my return 10 join our staff 
in order [0 help others take 
adv,m\Jge or our opportunities. 
Through ,m internship, students 
can cI.1rily c,lreer goals. develop 
pr,ICtlc,11 skill s. and enhance 
post-gr,lduatc employme nt 
prospects by 1~1[[ening up their 
resuille and obt,lining impressive 
work re lerence5. Unquestion.lbly. 
thc enthusi.Jstic, h,lrd·working 
interns who represent .rhe 
Univcrsity in the business 
CLlmmun llY ,Ire good PR Illr 
UCSD ,IS well. 

The ASia st,tlT is cLlnst,mtl)' 
workll1g III exp,lIld ,lIlel improve 
Its se rvice. Howcver. our ellons 
wdl bc \V,lsted if stude nts C,I'I'r 
II nd LlUl ,Ibout us. The A.) IS 
w,lIchmg their investment 
c,m:lull), this )'CM. II \\'l' .Ire tLl be 
lundnl next ),e.lr. we h,lVl' 10 
prove to thc cuum:d Ih ,lt \\·c , \1'\.' 
se l'\'lcll1g Illtlre studcnts per 
dlll"'r II' thiS liw')'e,lr-tlld 
pmgr,lm gets Lllssed dll\\'n the 
tubes bcc,luse wc'rc 
undcrut ilizcd. ,m ~'Mrel11el)' 
V,IIU.lblc ~l'I,\,lce ill the 'tuuclll~ 
,lIld lh~' l'lll11 111 un II )' " '111 bc 10,1 

I~ lh,1l Wh.ll II would L,lke 1m u" 
III gCI ,I he,ldllnc III Ihe 
GlIclllil(lIl? lA'>IO IS Ilk"1Ied 111 till' 
student cemer ,11')(\\'c lhl' 
g,1I11l'1l101ll ) 

Lisa Sarasohn, Margot Gordon. 
france Calvin , Edward Lee 

The DireCLOrs of ASIO 
Editor: 

On Thursd,IY j.Jnual)' 191h the 
rllm "AsSIgnment. LIFE" WJS 
hown In M,mdeville AuditOrium. 

I was one of the people who 
brought the film on campus with 
a two-fold purpose . Number one, 
I wanted to chaUenge students' 
and society's views which 
essentiaUy accept or are 
apathetic toward abortion . The 
film served toward that end. and 
there cenainly was some 
chaUenging in the works that 
evening!! 

Number [wo, I wanted to 
examine the ramifications of the 
acceptance of abonion without 
any debate on the pan of our 
society. The fiyers put out said . 
"The ramifications will shake 
society ..... To accomplish this I 
assened , in what was to be a ten 
minute talk. that the underlying 
ethical basis in society today is 
that whatever is most convenient 
ror myself. whatever serves me 
best is morally right -- or at least 
morally acceptable. I went on 
and funher assened that most 
world problems today, whether 
they be crime in the USA, 
economic disparity and 
subsequent brutality in EI 
Salvador. or starvation in Africa, 
have their rOOts entrenched in 
the self-centered heart of 
mankmd . When I went on [0 S.lY 
that the solution was neither . 
found in government nor in 
man·centered religion but rather 
in the person of Jesus Christ, the 
auditorium slightly expl!Jded. 

I imagme thaI some !elt 
be tr,lyed , deceived, ~ubJected 10 
"pre.lching: Yet my desi re W<lS 
e,lsily nOt to tell someone th ,1t 
thcy should believe wh,1I I 
believe. r,lIher my deSire W,IS to 
list the lour re,lsons behind why 
I ~ee thing~ a, I do ,lIld then 
Simply "lIow thc ,Iudience lP 
t:rlllc,llIy cv,l lu,IIC ",h,1I it h,ld just 
he,lrd . Crlllc,11 (,V,llu,lIIon was 
lost qUICkly 

l ookmg b,ICk on the pl.Jnnlng 

01 the evening. there are a 
couple of things I might have 
changed. However. I'm glad that 
I made mistakes of commission 
and raised the issue of abonion, 
rather than making the mistake 
of omission and apathy and nOt 
have raised the issue at aU. 

The evening was definitely nOl 
a loss. Most of the approximately 
150 in the audience stayed for 
the 15 minute spontaneous 
discussion that followed , and I 
also had returned to me over 90 
comment cards. The commems 
were indeed broad in spectrum, 
but I thought it wonhwhile to list 
a few. 
The film was a title too pro-life; I 
had hoped thar it would be more 
objective. Great discussion 
afterward. 
This film was a cheap trick 
tl)'ing to conven us 10 your b-----
·t religion. 
It opened up new opmions of 
againsr it (abortion) or with it. It 
made me realize that this subject 
is ,I very serious one. 
The movie gave both in depth 
views of abonion. It really makes 
you think. Berore seeing it I 
didn 't know the full SIOI)' on 
abonion. 
It was <In impressive film from 
bOlh sides or an issue which is 
of great Importance. I still feel it 
is up [0 the hlother 10 make 
such a choice, but I also feel she 
should really understand what 
she is dOing and that the fetu s IS 
.In.1tomic<llly and physiologic,ll1y 
JIive . 

The next lWO comme nts were 
prnb,lbly the mosl rewarding for 
me to receive, because II shows 
th.1I 1n.IIlY were ,Ihle 10 bot h 
listen ,1 nd question . 
I have always ,I\'llided re,llIy 
t,lking ,I sland on abort ion 

1''''''''' 1111/1 I" '~I.';' i> 

Editor 
Tim August 

Managing Editor 
Phil LlUder 

Opinion Editor 
Gr-ace Nielsen 
News Editor 
Lisa Lapin 

ConttibutinsNewsEditors 
Christopher Canole 
Steven R. Friedman 

FealUres Editor 
James Ralph Papp 

Arts Editor 
Andrew Keeler 

Associate Arts Editor 
John Nee 

Sports Editor 
Jeff Savage 

Photo Editor 
Rich Pecj.1k 

General Manager 
Chris Milke 

Associare General Managers 
Linda Lewis 

Valerie McMullin 
Phorographers 

Richard Caterma 
Rob friedenrhal 
Mark Johnson 
D-avid Newell 

lUusttafOlS 
john Ashlee 

Gamell Fill-Henley 
Typesetters 

Joe Desiderio 
Anggie Lapid 
Phil Lauder 

Andy Laurence 
Chris Osrerwalder 

Production 
Hana Abrams 

Susan Emmerson 
Uzz Fuller 

Vesna Kulasinovic 
Kelley Neal 

Stall' Writers 
Lance Bernard, Ethan Feerst. 
Sergio Klier, Michael Partos, 

Dena Rosen, Phil Willon, 
D-avid Wolf. 

The UCSD Guardian is 
·published Mondays and 
Thursdays during the academic 
year by swdents at UCSO. Views 
expressed in (he Guardian do not 
represent the views of the 
Regents of the University of 
CJlifornia or the Associated 
Students or UCSD. All un-
initialled editorials represent the 
views of the enllre editorial 
board of rhe Guardian; initialled 
editorials represent minority 
opinions of the editori.ll board. 
Reproduction, publication , or any 
use without permission of any 
ponion of this newspaper 
without prior notificJtion is 
st rictly prohibited. 

The GucmJuIII welcomes signed 
letters imd commentary as 
outlined in the Opinion section; 
however, we are not responsible 
lor unsolicited manuscripts or 
.m. 

Our ollice is located southe.Jst 
of the Revelle Provost Ollice next 
door to the Che Cafe on thc 
UCSD campus. The Business 
Ollke is open from l) ,lin to 
ntxm and I pm to 5 pm Monday 
through Frid,IY. 

Suhscripti'll1s ,Ire ,lv,lIlahle ,lIld 
will be mailed lirst cI,ISS Illr ~ 15 
per qu,lI1er. 

The UCSD Guardian 
UCSD,8-016 

La Jolla, California 92093 
(619) 452·3466 

CQmmenta~ 

National service is a draft in disguise 
By CAROL JAHNKOW 

It is nO! surprising that in a time of 
increased militarism in our couml)'. the 
spectre of national service rears its ugly 
head once again. It is important [0 
understand the fundamental concepts 
which the draft and national service 
have in common. lest we be misled into 
accepting national service us a viable 
alternative to .1 dmfl. 

The basic premise of national ervice 
sc hemes is that all young men are 
obligated 10 serve their country in some 
cap,lclty. I he term "scrvice" appe,lls [0 
the JitnJ lstic sense of m,IIl)' who do feel 
.1 smcere emp,llh)' with their rellow 
human beings ,1nu who h,we a desire to 
work wilh others for ,I bettcr society. It 
is by appealing 10 these reelings "nu 
i nc\inations that rroponents Dr n,1[Ion,11 
-;ervice begin to mislead uo;. 

It is IInport.1nt to poi nt out thJt m 
nalion,tI servlCc Jnd to ch,mnel people 
I nto job which meet this definition. 
Thus, what conSltllutes "reJI" sCI'\'1ce C,ln 
become narrowly delined. 

john Con, in" 1979 WIN Illdgazine 
,Imele. pomts out th,1t while m.IIl Y 
pnvJte volunteer programs pl.Jee an 
emph,lsis on the need to work ,It 
systematic chang, rather th,ln JUSI 
tre,1[l11g the symptoms of SOCI,II inJustice, 
thiS view draws ,l11tagOnlSl11 lrom those 
who propose 1l.l1l01lJI servICe. 

Accordmg to COil, "Proponents 01 
11,1[1011.11 sel'\'lce view it ,I~ ,1 me.LnS [0 

pre~el'\'e eXist; ng SOCial .md economic 
stnlctures, \\ IIh volul1Ieers pi.lccJ only 
111 organiz,ltlOns Ih,\I ,1ren't ,ld\'oc,\IIng 
,IllY eh,mge 01 pre~cnl structures or 
otherWise Illvolved In politic,11 ,1l1l\'illes. 

One national service proponent has 
stated that volunteers would be placed 
only with organiz.ltions that have 
'resolved their relationship with their 
community .... 

Most national service proposals 
include military service (active or 
reserve) among the options available ror 
service. It is often argued that national 
service is an alternative to a dmrt , but in 
fact , it must be pointed out that national 
service is a dmft. Milital)' needs would 
have priority ove r civi li,ln Job 
opponunlli es, and 1110St plans call ror a 
lortery syslem. wllh pOSSibly 250.000 
men going IntO the armed ervicesl 

N,1[ional se lVICC must thus be seen as 
a smokescreen lor mditary need, .1 w'ly 
of channeling young people into the 
millr.trl' under the gUise or .I rrec chOice. 

allonal service c,lIlnO[ be derended 
by ,1I'gumg Ihar It would he more 
cqUlt,lble th,m a dr.lft It is nor. In 1,1<.:t, 
once .1g.lin we would see the poor, the 
unecluc,1!ed ,md lhose wllhout other 
opportuni ties channeled into the 
III dllary . 

Bener educ,neu. white, mludle· and 
upper-class youlhs \ ould h,I\'c greater 
access [() knowledge about servlcc 
oprions Jnd bcner skills that would glvc 
them In ,Idvant.lge in obtall1ing the 
,wJiI,lble civili.ln Jobs leaving the 
milital)' ~Iots lor thosc less advantaged. 

There are other equally serious aspects 
of national service to be considered. For 
InSt,lnce, what would be the possible 
role or n,nlon.11 service In brc,lkl11g 
unions? ational sel'\'lce propDs,lls havc 
i nclucled Civilian service categories listed 

Governor promises 
fee cuts in UC 
but don't celebrate yet 
By DAVID WOLF 

There is a piece or good news 
included in Gove rnor Deukmejian's 
proposed budget ror srudents planning 
[0 rcturn r.o UC 0 next f,lll . II is ,1 $70 
reduction in rees, but .1 celebration may 
be premature . 

1 he c,lIch IS th"t there is a greJt de,11 
of political haggling th,l[ must go on in 
- ,KrJme ntO before Lhe Governor's 
budgel is approvcd. It remains r.o bc 
scen whether the ree reduction becomes 
a reahty. ' 

The story behind the Governor's 
proposal began during his cJmpaign. At 
that time Deukmcji'ln ~aid thm if he 
won the election, improving the quality 
of education in Califorllia would be hi s 
highest priority. 

According 10 the Governor's AssistJnt 
Press SecretaI)' Kevin Brett. the fee cuts 
C,lme about because Deukmejlan felt th,l[ 
the cost or educ.llion in California h,ld 
reached .I "Ievel prohibitive to the 
.wcrage student." Brett said, "The 
Governor has made education his 
highest priority by increasing support 
I rundingl rur the University or 
Caliromia while reducing fees ." 

However. Brett pl'lyed down the 
\I(hole issue of ree cutS and InsteJd 
emphaSized thc 14.4% increase in 
srudent financial .lid ,md the 16% pily 
mcre,lse ror r,lCulty member . This 
seems to bl' the S,II11C .lppro.1<.:h Ihe U 
.Idillinistmtion IS using in rcg.lrd 10 thc 
proposed l ut~ ,1I1d I he new hudge!. 

~ II1CC july, U PreSident D,Wld 
G,lrdncr h,IS bee n telling S.lCnlll1cntll 

th,\[ the University needs monel' 
desperately to build r,lcdines to m,Hch 
growing enrollment ,lIld to have more 
money to spend on bculty and starf 
salaries. 

The Governor responded by 
II1creasing the UC budget JO% over last 
year's budget and by providing.1 P,l), 
increase ror r,lculty members. 

The quanerl)' $70 per stuclent rce 
reduction .11ll0unts to about $7 million 
st,lIewide, the eXdct sum th,1l President 
Gardner s,IYs IS needed 10 olTset 
Inn,lIion in rhe cost of opemtmg student 
scl'\' ices. The Governor countered this 
by including $7 miUion in the budget 
ror student services on the condition 
that student fees be cut by $70. 

Should G.Jrdner choose to fight the 
cut in student fees, it is likely thar 
Deukmejian will give in , because the 
Governor has nothing to gain by 
winning the issue and alienating Ihe 
regents or the Legisl,Hure. 

Having gone on record in support of 
cutting student ICes is enough 10 give 
Deukmeji"n signillcant political edge 
with students in the next election. 

If the fee reduction IS challenged and 
the Governor decides to defend it . he 
would c1eIJY the vote on the UC budget 
and thereby cnd,lIlger the buuget 
proposal politically. 

With St,He lawlll.lkers vy ll1g for funds 
lor other projects ,lnd the Community 

oUege tUition Issue. the Governor i 
beller olT leuing lhis budget go without 
,I hilch. 

HllW Import,lIlt IS s,IVlng $70 per 

as "seasonal farm labor on commercial 
farms at which adequate labor by 
persons who are US citizens is nOt 
available ." 

How mighr this labor be used to 
destroy farmworkers unions? Would 
national se rvice workers be employed in 
Other areas where man,lgemem was 
r.Iced with unwanted unions as a way of 
avoiding labor's demands? 

N,.\IIonal service could play ,1 role 111 
prOVIding employers with a co nst,mt 
supply or low paid workers. who, 
because of the stead y turn-over. would 
reel no compulSion or incentive [() work 
ror better conditions. ThIS would affeCt 
working conditions for all workers. 

Nallonal servlcc IS lOuted ,IS .1 wa), 01 
providing Jobs lor unelllplo),ed ;·outh . In 
Mayor 1982, dUring ,I local ueb,\!c 
berween 441h district congres~lOnal 
c,lIldI d,1[es, Congressman Jim Bates 
c,l lied lor a m,md,nor), ye.H of service , 
domestic or mdlt,ll)' . lor all ),oung 
people. 

uch ,I program. he said . would ha\'c 
",1 tremendous eflect Oil unemployed 
youths " Undoubtedl), II would have ,m 
effecr on unemployed youth~ , but In ,I 
period of high unemploymenl , how 
could 50 many jobs be prOVided If not 
.It the expense of those who .Ire ,llreddy 
employed? 

It I ohen argued that national service 
IS needed to ch,mge ,u[I[udc~ ,lInong 
),outh. Reference IS mdde 10 Ihe 
,Iliena[lon and 1.1ck of mmmltmcnt 
Jillong )'Outh. ,1IIonal sel'\'lce IS . een as 
.I wa), 01 indOCtrinating youth into the 
"Americ,1I1 Way." 

P, 

qu,mer 1M UC students? onslder the 
.lltern.\[I\'e '. 

The $7 millll1n LOulti be t,lken .ma), 
from student sel'\'ices. But \\,lth .Inc\\' 
student lenter on the dr,lwlns bo,m\. 
UCSD students In p,lrtlcui.tr should not 
W,lIlt 10 see ,I decre,I;;£' In ~uch funding. 

Obviously 1,lst ),c,lr's S I 00 Incre.Jse In 
one quaner hurt lhe Jlre,ld), IlI1ancl,llIy 
<;traineu students. In this C,lse. however, 
rhe i ' sue I~ nor iricre.lsing but 
mJ illtJln ing the present student lees. 
BeC.Jllse more finanC ial ,lid Will be 
.wJiI,lble. Illore students should be .Jble 

COrt points out in his anicle, "It is 
wonh remembering that the Hitler 
Youth started as a voluntary social and 
recreational organization. And even if a 
national service program could be 
instituted with little militaristic or 
nationalistic characler. It could quickly 
be tumed over to the milital)' ir the 
government so desired . as h,lppened to 
the US atlonal Youth Administration 
rhe econd World War." 

We must ask ourselves wh.!t efrect 
such a maSSive, Impersonal burcJucracy 
would have on our society? Also. what 
dlect does II have on .I soclet)' when 
deCISions on where and ,II what Job on 
<hall work are turned over toi the 
government for any penod 01 tIInc And 
Ii the habits of obedience ,md 
conlormltY,Ire reinforced and 
regimented . what crrect wil! IhlS hJve 111 
Ihe long run on society? Will It result 111 
less freedom and democmC}'~ 

just .IS sOll1e polillcans and others are 
Willing to make tr.1Uc·orrs 111 the areJ of 
..Inns control. urgll1g cutS 01 nudeJr 
we.Jpons In exch,mgc lor build-ups 01 
c,1l1vcntlon,11 force'> and we,lpons, Ihere 
will he those who will I,IVor n.1tIonal 
service ..IS ,m altern,lt1\'e to a dr.lft 

ulh posItions only obscure the 
fund.lJm:nt,1I question~ whu ... h must be 
de.tit With If'" e ,Ire 10 bUild a society 
"hlch ('mph,lslzes hUIll.1Il r.Jther than 
milu,lrIstll' solutions to problems. It IS 
de,lr th,1\ \\C must resist ,mempts to 
II1St,llI ,I n,l[Ion,11 ~(,I'\' lce progrJm 
The (Iljtito/ " tI /lIfll1hlT (U the Sail Diego 
C(llll 11111 la Agtllllst Rq(I'tnWoll <lnd rito: Draft 

[0 receive ,Issistance with thclr fec, 
All pollc}makers must weigh the COStS 

01 .I progr,un ag,unst the bencills it will 
provldc It ,1ppemrs that the benefits 01 
the -70 Icc cut .Ire out\\'clgheu b)' the 
heneflts of our student ~1'\· lce~ . 

It IS thesc conslder,1[Ion~ thc 
1,1\vm,lkers III Sacml11cnto will ponder as 
lhey delennine thc rarc of the fee cut. 
Unless D.1\'Id Gardner comes up wnh 
an alternate plan to present to the UC 
regents 111 M,lrch. the choice will come 
to this: Do we W.lnt lower lees or berter 
sel'\'ices? 

Why don't you ever write your mother? 
You know your mom would love to hear rrom you, and so would 

we. Th e Guardian invites our readers to use the Opinion section as 
an open forum to present and exchange their views on any 
subject. l etters and anicles may be sent to the Opinion editor at 
ifhe Guardian, B ... 016, UCsD, La Jolla, CA 92093 or brought to our 
offices, adjacent to the Che Cafe . Requirements for letters and 
commentary pieces are outlined below. 
Commentary pieces may be submitted by any concerned 
individual. When space is limited , student anicles will take 
precedence over those of faculty or Guardian staff members. Pieces 
should be three to four pages long, typed double spaced on a 72-
character line . Articles may be rebuttals to a Guardian story or 
letter. Whatever the subject, the writer should focus on a clear 
thesis. The anicles will be edited for grammar and spelling errors, 
but all major changes will be cleared with the author prior to 
publication. 
Letters to [he editor should be one to two pages in length , typed as 
above. letters are generally written in regard to anicles or other 
letters printed in the Guardian. However, any letter of general 
interest to UCSD students will be considered for publication. 
letters may be edited when space requires, but spelling and 
grammatical errors will not be corrected. The writer's name and 
phone number must accompany every anicle and letter. 



n~fdt~Ir~ll~fdt~Ir~n~frtt®rr~ll<etttt~rr~ncefctt~rr~ll~ 
tt(f;rr~lettersll<efdt~rr~n<efctt<err~ll®lttt®rr~n®frfrce 
rr~ll~fdt~rr~n~fctt<err~ll~tttt~rr~ll<efrfr®Ir~ll®ilit®lf 
n®fdt~rr$ll<ettlt~Jj~n~fctt®Jj~ncettu:®rr~ncefrfr®}jn®fr 

COIlCltlUcd from page 4 
Perhaps I didn't really want to know, 
just In case I ever had to deal with it. 
After seeing this movie I still am not 
sure what is "right." Abonion is cenainly 
not desirable; nobody wants to have an 
abonion , and there are risks ... 
I more or less was part of the great 
majority who take an apathetic view of 
thIS problem. I have a different view of 
It now. I don't see how a doc tor who 
vows to preserve life can do somethil'\g 
like this . 

I hope that the issue of abomon has 
not been put 10 rest but thaI rather the 
coals have JUSt begun to stir over the 
actual biologIcal reahty of what abomon 
IS and over what the ramifications of 
accepting abonion blindly. ,IS being 
acceptable. are 

Mike Eben 

Editor: 
I am a re-entry srudem Jt UC D. 

brand new this quaner. I was qUlle 
surprised to read abour the people on the 

AS Council who are not willing to work 
out a job description for their positions. 

I have been active in a number of 
orgamzations on a number of levels 
during my adult years . It is clear that 
any smooth running group has well 
defined job descriptions. These can 
always be adjusted with the vision of J 
new member to that position . Groups 
that do nOt have thiS service [0 new 
members and position holders have a 
high turnover rate as new members are 
left with unanswerable questions. 
Further. the group itself lacks definition 
and cannor move on ,1n issue or cri is 
smce corporatdr and mgly there is no 
identity. 

It was most disappointing [0 read that 
th is and other uggestions were greeted 
with laughter M}' view. based on 
experience . is th,1\ the individuals on 
the AS Counctl wtl l nOt find a home for 
thi s altitude 10 functionmg. effiCient. 
supomve .• md growth-oriented 
organizations in the adult communit y 

Jackie Brown 

--I 
C@llill 1f@illl 

C@ITIrilJP)ntefrce Thn~ 
IPn(C\tUlllf® 1 

Then maybe you ftt 
our picture of what 

a GaardIaA 
Illustrator should 

be. If you can make 
an Idea come to nfe 

with a pencU and 
eraser. come in and 
show us your stuff. 

CaD us at 452-3468 
to amnge an 

interview. and make 
yourself a part of 

the GaardIaA 
picture. 

Dr. Leventhal 
1· Hour Contacts & Glasses· 

Extended Wear Lenses 
with this ad 
Hydrocurve II lenses. 
Professional services extra. 

You can weer Extended Wear Contact Lenses contlnuoully for two-weeks. 
WOO<. ploy and lleep in these ultnrthln, comfortable lenses and wok&-up 

seeing clearly with no dally cleaning hasslesl 
1.000', In stock. No appointment necessary 

• Most cases. One hour glasses at $ports Arena. single vlskln only. 

Call Dr. Leventhal Mission Valley 692-EVES Dr. Suder Pacific Beach 273-EVES 

SCHOLARSHIPS 
to 

MEDICAL / OSTEOPATHIC 
SCHOOL 

U.S. Citizen, GPA 3.5 
Between 19 and 35 Years Old 

Full Tuition, Books and Authorized Fees 
Plus $579.00 Per Month 

For details call 
NAVY MEDICAL PROGRAMS 

(619) 293·6746 
Navy Officers Get Responsibility Fast. 

January 26, 1984 7 
NEWS ·,x 

'. ~ v' •• ." 

Feel a Drafil 

The UCSD Guide to the Selective Service 
By CHRISTOPHER CANOLE 

The hallmark of the American judicial system is the 
right of an individual accused of breaking a law to 
confront his accuser and to make a phone call to 
obtain information or counsel to champion his 
defense. 

As many as 116,000 men in California this month 
will receive a letter stating, "You're still on our list of 
men who haven't registered with the Selective Service 
System. It also means you could be breaking the law. 
Willful failure to register can result in imprisonment 
and/ or $10 ,000 in fines. Don't let this happen to you. 
Sincerely, Thomas K. Turnage, Director." This 
computer-generated lener contains no phone number 
for fUl1her information. 

On Tuesday the Guardian conducted a survey on 
Revelle Plaza to find out what questions UCSD 
students are raisin~ about registration and the draft. 

WHAT IS THE PHONE NUMBER OF THE SELECTIVE 
SERVICE? 

If one calls San Diego telephone information one 
can expect to hear, "What is the Selective Service? Is it 
like the draft? The computer does nOt show a listmg 
for the eleclive ervice. Perhdps you can try calling 
the number for geneml US Government information ." 

The San Diego ounty US Government information 
official will teU you. "There are no Selective Service 
offices. becduse there is no draft. A man wanting 
information on the Selective Service cannot get it. No 
questions Will be answered locally. You Just register one 
month before you rum 18 at your local post office." 

With a little prodding the official will tell you. "The 
only way you can get any informdtion is to caU 
Washi ngton. DC, 202/724-0419. But I don 't think they 
will tell you anything I have not already said ." . 

WHAT CAN YOU LEARN BY CONTACTING 
WASHINGTON , DC, DIRECTLY? 

Rusty Manin . student body preSident at the 
University of Northern Iowa, applied directly '0 
Washington by filing a Freedom of Information Acr 
(FOIA) request with the FBI. The FBI forwarded 
Martin's request and address to the Selective Service 
System (555). The 555 then submitted Manin's name to 
the Depanment of Justice for posstble prosecution for 
non-registr.ltion . Representative Don Edwards (D-
California), chairm.1n of the House Judiciary Sub-
Committee on Civi l and Constitutional Rights. said. 
"They (FBI and SSS) used ,he FOIA improperly. The 
FOIA was not designated as an investigative tool for 
Ihe Depanment of Justice. It was designed to throw 
more light on government activities." 

ARE THERE LOCAL DRAFT BOARDS WHERE YOU 
CAN OBTAIN INFORMATION? 

"There are no local dmft boards in operation at this 
time ," said Colonel Andreen . operations staff officer for 
the Selcctive Service in Washington . DC. 'There is a 
regiondl Selective Service office on the Treasure Island 
military installation in Sdn Francisco. This is the only 
office in the ten western states. Its primary purpose is 
to collecr information on potential registrants . not to 
provide Selective Service informarion to the geneml 
pubhc ." 

WILL DRAFT BOARDS BE ESTABLISHED IN THE 
NEAR FlTItJRE? 

"There are no Selective Service boards for seeking 
registration information. But there are 21 12 local dmft 
boards located throughout the country." said Colonel 
Ebel , assistant director of the Selective Service in the 
capitol. " These draft boards are staffed by 10,000 
volunteers who have been fully rrained using mock 
draft deferment cases. The California draft board 
personnel were appOinted by Governors Brown and 
Deukmejian . " 
WHAT IS THE PURPOSE OF DRAFT BOARDS? 

"We're reddy. Tomorrow we could have a rJndom 
lottery , and before the day would end we would be 
sending telegrams to the individuals that would be first 
selected." said Selective Service Din~Clor General 
Tholnds TurnJge on July 26. 1983. These draft bOJrds 
would become immediately operdtionJI if President 
Reagan enacted the Emergency Mobilizalton Pldn 
(EMP). On day one , which the SSS designates as M- I . 
the President would cdll for a joint session of 
Congress. Draft classifications and the draft would be 
established . That evening the draft lottery would select 
rhe first 100.000 young men to be drafted . On M-2. the 
second day. telegrams would be sent to these 
individuals. Selected dr.lft registrdnts would be sent to 
these individuals. Selected draft re~istr.mts would then 

have ten days to repon for their induction and be 
boarding a bus bound for boot camp eleven days from 
today. 

WHAT IS PRESIDENT REAGAN 'S POSITION ON 
DRAFT REGISTRTlON? 

"A draft or draft registration destroys the very values 
that our society is committed to defending," wrote 
Ronald Reagan as a presidential candidate. As 
President, Reagan has stated , "Advanced registration 
will do little to enhance our military preparedness." 
President Reagan has since reversed his position due 
to a repo" presented to him claiming that without a 
draft registration the EMP would take six to eight 
weeks to generale military preparedness. Many expens 
are now challenging the repon's estimates. suggesting 
the time needed to prepare without SSS registr-ation is 
closer to two weeks, just three days more than with a 

Five officer from Treasure Island. The letter at the 
beginning of this anicle is the first of the series. "This 
'process can take up to a year and a half. Then if we 
do not receive a response we turn their names over to 
lhe Justice Depanment." As of November 1983. 116.000 
California eligible males have not registered. This is 
about one-fourth of all non-registrants in the United 
Sta tes. San Diego in pal1icular is considered a crisis 
area. 

A letter was recently sent by the 555 Region Five 
Headquarters to superintendents in lhe San Diego 
High School District office asking for help in making 
California the highest rather than the lowest 
compliance rate in the US. 

The letter offers guest speakers (local Draft Board 
members, Armed Forces Reserve Officers and full-time 
Selective Service employees) for campus appearances. 
The letter also asks that the schools make 

Joining with Ben S(lSway, Michael Marsh spohe out .against the draft at a rally last spnng 011 Revelle PI~za . 

registration. 
HOW ARE USCD STUDENTS RESPONDING TO THE 
DRAFT REGISTRA nON? 

The UC D males surveyed hJve registered to comply 
with the SSS: registered with Ihe intent of se rving in 
the armed forces if drafred ; not registered due to 
apathy or procmstinJtion ; registered with the hope of 
obtaining a draft deferment; not registered with the 
intent of facing any consequences of their .mion ; or 
IlO( registered and publicly oppose registration . 

WHAT HAPPENS AFTER YOU REGISTER WITH THE 
SELECTIVE SERV1CE? 

'Shortly after an individual registers we send him a 
leuer to venfy the information he submi tted on his 
registmuon form ," said Colonel Ebcl. "He also receives 
a Selective Service number. At the bOllom of the letter 
there is ,I pOl1ion th,\[ repeats this inform.Hion which 
c:an be CUt out and carried in his billfold for h,mdy 
reference." 

ARE YOUNG MEN REQUIRED TO CARRY A DRAFT 
CARmi 

-This is not a dmft cMd." Col. Ebel 5.1id. "A young 
man is not required by 1.lw to C.lrry this cMd. It is not 
like the previous dmft card that a man hdd to carry at 
all times .md produce upon request to any law officer. 
Those cards were the propcny of the U Government. 
These are simply for the convenience of the registrant. 
for instance if they need to verify registration to 
receive Federal fin,mcial aid under the Solomon 
amendments. 

WHAT HAPPENS If YOU DElAY REGISTERING? 
"We send three letters of reminder to non-registrants 

before we give up ," said Ms. McConaghy. II Region 

announcements over their public address systems and 
suggests that schools should provide facilities for on-
campus registmtion of young people. making 
unnecessary a trip to local pOSt offices. The letter abo 
requests access to li sts of 18-year old males. 

"Under the olomon amendments if you are not 
registered you .Ire inelligible to receive Federal job 
training or finanCial ald." according to Col. Ebe1. 

DOES A STUDENT HAVE TO REGISTER TO RECEIVE 
ANANCIAL AID? 

' We .1re not required by law to sce a registration 
·card ... · said Thomas Rutter, directOr of UCSD tudent 
FinanciJI Services. "But we do have the right to request 
Selective crvice information . Here at UCSD we do not 
exercise this righL That is the government's 
responsibility." 

-All Selective Service non-registered financial did 
students are sent to me . The four cases we have 
handled so far turned out the 5<lme as if they h,ld 
registered . One student did not qualify for financial aid 
in generaL Two students' findncial aid packages hdd 
no Federal aid as part of thc aid olTered. We were able 
to help the one non-registrant by matching the exact 
Jmount of federal aid offered with a UC gmnt. 
Normally II fin.mcial ,lid package will offer federal aid 
in lhe form of a federally insured student 10<ln. The Cal 
Gmnt and UC funds (grants, loons, scholarships, 
college sponsored work-study progmms and emergency 
loons) are not subject 10 the Solomon amendment." 

On March 4. 1983. David Saxon , then president of 
the University of California announced the foUowing 
UC policy: 

' Because this law ISoiomon amendmentl 
in.lppropriately pl<lces the University in a position of 

pleaS<! rurn to page :> 



R January 26, 1984 
NEWS , 

. ""~ ~' ... '~. :t : .... ~ .. ~. . .... "", .... ''; :'~,,,":--'X' ~ ...... . •• x: .. ' :..-. '. ...... ..... , . ," ~ ~~ ... ~~ .... 

Guide to the 
Selective Service 
,,1/11111111',1 )"'111 l"lgc 7 
.I law unrelated to our educatlon,ll 
purpo~cs , we hJII JOIn with llihcr 
II1slirurions .lnd edu Jti,lI1.l1 
org.lmzatlon~ III erron~ to modlry or 

_ repeal JI 
"We sh,11I campl)1 with thc 1,lw ,md 

withhold Tlr\e IV runds I [eder,ll fln,mel,ll 
.lId funds ] ,lrrecrcd b\ Public LII\, q7-
252 Jlhe Dep.lnmcnt ' 011 elem,e 
AUlhonZ<lllOn Au ] 

-We shall compl) \\'Ith the Feder,11 
regulations when Ihc)' are promulg.lted . 
\\'hlle the regulJlIOIlS ,IR' under rnle\l' 
' -,upreme Cl)Un ~t.l\ 01 II1IUI1LlInl1 
r"g,lrd mg Puhlic L,I\" q7 -2'1 21 l1o\\'ner. 
\\'e sh,llI ,mempI ro Inlluellce ti1t:lr 
IcmnulJlIon III mll1ltnl::e rhe burden nn 
the UI1I\,crS1l\ .md Its slUdent~ 

"FInJII) . 110 student \\"ho h,)s 
c'lmplied wllh Public L.IW q7-251 \I 111 he 
lbad\'lnt.tged b)' ..In) Unt\'erSH)' 
illlJIlCI,1I .lld policy or pracllcl' ." 

UC FII1,I11CI,11 AId DIrector M.1rII)'n 
j,leger IS ued ,1 Decemer q 1983 U 
policy st.l[emcnt· -The olomon 
amendment dues not prohIbit 
noncomplying students rrom receivlI1g 
finJncial did rrom other sources nor 
docs It restrict untversities Jnd colleges 
rrom dWJrdlng fin,mcial .lid to those 
students. We would be going beyond 
the Intent of the law to deny University 
,lid to such students. 

-The Ul11versl[Y hJS ,I long-standing 
commirrment to proVide ,)Ccess to .111 
students admmed ro Ihe Umverslt)' . To 
this end . the UmversH)' has dlwdYs used 
its own rin,mclal resources to nil 

rem,llning .In:.IS (II need .lltl'r ,lll 
,l\'.1ll.tble p.1 re Ill . student , Feder.11 .lI1d 
SId le rcsl1urce~ hd\'c been utillzcd." 
WHAT DRAFf DEFERMENT ARE 
AVAIlABLE? 

" inee there Me nl1 dr.1fl bo.lrds 
fUllcllonlng, Ihere .Ire no dl~lfl 
c1ds dll'ilt1l'n~ ," ,.lId Col. Alldn:en . 
"Wllh 110 dassllk,lllOIlS there llb\,l()u~l)' 
c,m he no dcil'llncllts. It \\ould t.lke .m 
ACI ,11 Congr ... S 1,1 est.lblish 
c!.lsslllc.H1ons .lnd deferments. II rhls 
(lcl'ured the reglslI'dnt \\ (lulu h.l\'e tell 
days III apply lor delcnnent Clli Ebd 
s,lId, ' \\ 'c .Ir ... clm'ldcrlllg ,h pllsslhle 
dclrnnl'11Is ph YSical h.lIld,cJps sLich .1S 
.1 I11ISslllg kg. 1111111,((rS .111d SludcllIs 
cll1'l'lIed'lll dl\ III It)' "dlllol, public.dl), 
d<.'ncd (lUIU,II", Illcnt.11 h.U1dIL.1ps such 
.b thn.,c \\'llh 10\\ Intelligence or 
documented p,,) 'c hologll',d problems: 
po,,(ponement llr ,I college slLIde11l\ 
1111111.11') IIlduc(ioll until Ihe end of the 
present quaner. or Ir .t sclllor until the 
end llf .1 school year: Jnd ,l licr11.1tive 
service for cons lentlous objectors 
(CO)." 

Ally questIOns about any oj this material 
can be answered by wntlng either: 

n Diego Commltlee Againsl Registra-
tion and the Drart 

PO Box 15195 
San Diego, CA 92115 

Sdn Diego County 
Drarl ReS isters Defense Fund 

PO Box 33544 
San DIego, CA 92103 

1984 85 Financial Aid & ScholarshIP 
AppHcation Deadlines 

$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$ 
$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$ 
--All current financial aid recipients were mailed 

1984-85 applications to re-apply, 
--All continuing students with a 3.50 cumulative 

GPA were mailed 1984-85 scholarship 
applica tions. 

APPUCATIONS MUST BE POSTMARKED 
FEBRUARY 9, 1984. 

All fmanciaI aid applications who are eligible to apply 
for a Cal Grant are required to apply for a Cal Grant; 
failure to do so will result in a loss of UCSD financiaI 
assistance -- the Cal Grant deadline for new applicants 

is February 9, 1984. 
The deadline to complete your financial aid file for 

Fall Quarter 1984 aid is May 1, 1984. 
If you do not receive an application packet in the mail, 

please request one from your college 
financial aid office. 

Workshops for completing the financial aid and/or 
scholarship application will be held in the North 
Conference Room in the Student Center at the 

following times: 
Friday-January 27--3:00 pm 

Monday-January 30--10:00 am 
Tuesday-January 31-1:00 pm 
Thursday-February 2-9:00 am 

Friday- FebrualY 3--1 :00 pm 
Monday--FebrualY 6--11:00 am 

Plan to attend one of these workshops, Please bring 
your application forms with you to the workshop, 

3790 Mission Blvd. 
Mission Beach 

483-1651 

There are so many ways 

to have a 

• BroombaU 
• Public Skating 
• Private Skating 

Parties 

at 

• Fundraisers 
• Group Rates 
• Group Lessons 

EXTRA 50¢ DISCOUNT ror ,111 UCSD 
students ( In addition 10 your $[00 discount) wilh 
U SD 10 throughout Publi c cS!> lons during 
Revelle's 2nd Annual Broomball 
Tournament, Jan. 30-Feb. 22, 
For more infonnation call 
Tom Trudell at 455- J 791. 

4545 L.l )011,1 VrI!.Ige Drive (corner 01 Gene~ee) 452-9110 

Contest Results 

And love the offender, yet detest the offence 
By JAMES RALPH PAPP 

M .Ichelh SJys "Words to the hear 01 deeds too cold breath gIves ," bur the lI1embers of UCSD think the onvcrse, (h,1t IS, "Deeds [0 the he.lt or worus 100 cold bre,lIh glvc." When the Guwdw/I Most 
Dl.'tesl,lble har.llter in fi((1on Intended 
III Be _ )' l11p.lthcnc h) Ihe Author Come.:;t 
W.IS .lIlnounccd, there \V,15 Sllme 
I merest. The 1\\I1cl ur judges, ,In ,IUgusl 
body (,l!though 1101 Ti m August. our 
editor), st rolled the p.tths 01 UCSD ,lIld , 
WhNl meeting ,I rriend , would (ell him 
or the ntcsr. The fflend would 
II1v.1r1.tbl), ply, -Oh, you me,lO like 
C1ariSS,l," or s()jnething of that sort . 

ome of the su~stions were 
extrJordinary. One p.rson suggested 
man rrom ' Pope's Essay'oo Mall , and 
JnOlher asked ir he could t.(lter God 
from Parad,se Lost , which the Judges 
thought he could , as long as he could 

For more information. 
Nora McGinnes. UC Davis 

Faculty Member will be a vailable 
for questions, Join us in Conference 

Room 111A Administrative 
Complex, FRIDAY. JANUARY 27. 1984 

3:00 - 4:00 p.m, 

c(lnV I nee us It \\IdS ..I fi enon rather th,111 
.1 historlc,ll work. An hi rorl.\I1 Ihe 
judges me( \1 as .It d 10 S I rom not 
re.ldlng much fk:lllll1 . bUI (hey told hl111 
th,1! .\11 historlcJI figure could he cnrered 
.IS long as he could prove the ch.lr.lcter' 

c~sel1[Jal hC[1on.d tju.llit), . • 1Ilt! Ihe 
problem " '.IS on I)' philosophical ,lIter .dl 

Two dist inguished prOreSSl)rS howed 
intcre<;[, hut Ihe nrsr \\IdS so ,Iwestruck 
aher hearing 01 rhe magnIficence or the 
ru'St pnze , .I paperback book (and .1 
good one). he completely lorgot 10 enter. 
The other ~uggested Uriah Heep rrom 
David Copperfield, but on Hnding out (hat 
the character must have been intended 
[0 be sympathetiC he round himselr 
unable to defend Dickens' intentions in 
this case. 

However, the Jctually wrmen entries 
are all you see before you, olnd the. 
Judges. recovering from thei r original 
disappointment, have decided [0 
announce the next contest twO weeks m 
advJnee. 

It wilt be the Guardian Unreddable 
Books Contest. The qualWer "Intended 

(0 Be Good by (he Aurhor" (he Judges 
reel is not necesSJI) In thIS case. As 
wuh the 1,lst contest. Ihe Idea comes 
from Thr MOllng T (l)" hop. AgJin rhe hero 
.1nd Ihe dcrcw\,e .Ire passing the lime, 
on thiS OCl.lSlon nOl because the 
dClecm't: h,l~ to fllllsh hi whlskey . .1s 
formerly. but bel,lusc they .Ire lied up 111 
.1 sm,ll1 . dJrk room 

'''Let's pia), "U nread.1ble Books.'" he 
suggesu:d 

'All right. Ulys~cs. ' 
·Yes. Rahelal s.' 
'Yes. Tnstram Shandy. ' 
'Yes. The Goldell Bowl.' 
'Yes. Rasse la s.' 
'No, I like that: 
'Good God. Clarissa, then : 
·Yes. Tltus--"' 

At which point they are interrupted, and 
you will have to read the book to find out 
why, which you can ir you win, ror as in our 
"Detestable Characters" contest, The 
Moving Tayshop (the (ide is a Ime from 
Pope) is riTst prize. And remember. if only 
one person enters. everyone's a loser. 

Our emrants this week mclude a 
number or distinguished literary 
personages. There is the Right 
Honourable Norman St John-Stevas, the 
editor and bIographer of the 19th 
ce ntury eSSJyist Walter BagehOl: Emily 
Shieh, who earl ier corresponded wi th us 
on her doublS concerning Louisa 
Musgrove's rail rrom (he Cobb at Lyme 
Regis; the ubiqUItous and irrepreSSIble 
Robert Leone, our book reviewer: Jnd 
Peter Mone nsen, .1 dis (inguished rormer 
edilCrr or this periodicdl. 

As to who wins, that is a difficult 
problem. Robert Leone is the Panel of 
judges' contributor, Emily Shieh its 
siste r. Peler Mortensen its rriend .1nd 
NormJn St john-Stevas its mentor. 
Which or these four neady expresscd 
op1l1ions should wi n the paperback 
Moving To)'slJop? The pJnel confesses 
Itsclr de.tdlocked , Jnd it decrees that the 
copy should be PJsscd around. The 
wmners should telephone the GuaralQ/l 
to f'mu out who gels It first. 
Peter Mortensen 

Roben, m I,m McEwa n's The ComJort 
oj trangers (1981): His badness m,IY be 
denvauve, but it will do in .I pinch. 

SOFT (OHTAO LENSES 
One Hour Service in most cases 

ICLI.I)D: 
Contact lenSes, examination, 
patient training, follow up, 
chemical ca~ kit and fitting. 
EXIEHDED WEM LDai-
ONLY"'.OO 

THE CLASSICAL EYE I 
DR. ROIERT HE" ER OPTOMETIIST 

La Jolla VII~ Square 
(Inside the MaA; lower level ) 

8657 Villa La Jolla Olive. Suite 136 
451-7374 

Hydrocurve extended WeN lenses available. , 

-



, 

. .-

10 January 26, 1984 
PI R'-IPI ( 11\ I '-I 

. continued jmm page 9 
EMILY SHIEH 

Bella Wilfer, heroine of Our Mutual 
Friend by Charles Dickens. Absolutely 
Who could deny this position to a 
character who spends a four volume 
novel half-laughing, half-pouting and 
putting handfuls of her curls in her 
mouth "in the prettiest possible manner" 
as she cries for joy? "It's so delicious, 
John dear, to cry for joy." 

She certainly had every advantage of 
heredity and environment, being 
introduced to the reader at the age of 
three, screaming and beating her father 
with her little bonnet. But in spite of 
this promising childhood, Bella Wilfer 
was cursed with a congenital handicap 
whose subtle influence could not be 
denied - she was a Dickens Heroine. 

W!" -,II" 

, 

Once Charles Dickens had you 
pegged for a heroine, you could 
abandon aU hope of ever developing 
any gravel in your gut. Little Nell, Little 
Dorrit, Little Em'ly ... with su h a line of 
predecessors you might as well bow 
your head to the inevitable, re-c hristen 
yourself "Little Somebody-or-Other" and 
be reSigned to never addressing a 
remark to anyone withom first shaking 
your pretty curls aU about your face. 

And so we have Little Bella, a 
character who constantly refers to 
herself as "the lovely woman"; who 
permits members of the lower classes to 
add ress her as "the boofer (read 
'beautiful') lad~"; and whose "playful, 
whimsical ways" evoke silent rapture 
from those of her own station in life. 

If any funher evidence were needed 

1(; 

t 
..., 
:: 
:;; 

Li: 

~ 
§ 

~ 
~ 

Caught in a Bind? 
\ p 

Kinko's is there 
for that last 
minute copy job. M-Th.8-8 Fri. 8-6 

8855 Villa La Jolla Dr. Sat. 10-5 
(Ralphs/Sav-On Shopping Center) Sun. 12-5 

. , ' 

in support of Bella Wilfer's claim to 
most detestable character in the works 
of literature, consider this passage, 
wherein she announces her pregnancy 
to her husband , John: 

"As he bent his face to hers, she 
raised hers 10 meet it, and laid her Iiltle 
right hand on his eyes, and kept il 
there. 

'00 you remember, John, on the day 
we were married, Pa's speaking of the 
ships that might be sailing towards us 
from unknown seas?' 

·Perfectly, my darlingl ' 
'I think. .. among them .. .Ihere is a ship 

upon the ocean ... bringing ... lo you and 
me...a little baby, John.'" 

What can aU other claimants do but 
retire - in silent r.apture? 

Norman St John-Stevas 
Transcribed by his amanuensis 

First, Trollope's Lily Dale is the most 
insuffemble prig in English literature . 
Second, she read Carlyle and enjoyed it. 
ROBERT LEONE 

l. Sherlock Holmes was not A. Conan 
Doyle's favorite chamcter, which may 
account for the boorish, ineffectual, and 
often inconsiderate behavior of the great 
detective. None could forgive him for 
sending out poor Openshaw to die In 
'The Advemure of the Five Orange 
Pips." His hoax double suicide with 
Prof. Moriarty nOt only deprived the 
world of a plendld mathematiCian, but 
also led both Watson Jnd England to 
unjustifiably mourn hun. Perhaps his 
greatest lapse was the inconsiderate and 
ungentlemanly way that he deprived 
Irene Adler of her sole protection from 
the cruel , ambitious, and amoral 
Heredital)' King of Bohemia. 
hcrlockians generally consider that 

though Holmes did nor personally 
remove Ms. Adler's protection (a very 
indiscreet photograph), his actions 
eventually led to the murder of Adler by 
the King's agents. It is to Holmes' credit 
that he apparently assassinated the 
King, but adding a stiff to the pile 
doesn 't help Ihe situation ,:my. Of 
course , Holmes did make his money 
from the affair, the little mercenary 
$&%«(¢$** . 

2. When it comes to detestable 
characters who were meant to be 
symp.lthetic, the premier writer is Eric 
Rucker Eddison, who, in the four books 
of his that I have read, has succeeded 
only twice in intentlon'llIy making a 
character sympa thetic: a qU.ldruple 
traitor named Lord Gro in The Wonn 
Ouroboros and Queen Antiope, who 
does not manage to live paSl the 19th 
chapter of Mistress oj Mistresses. A case 
Cdn also be made for the sym pathetiC 
appeal of G'lbriel Flores (Zimiamvian 
trilogy) and Princess Prezmyra 

~ 

. .. 

( Ouroooros). 
Other than these four, just about 

every characler, sympathetiC or no, that 
E.R. Eddison creates makes die flesh 
crawl of its own accord. 

Eddison was apparently incapable of 
creating more'than three types of main 
characters, the "good" male , the "evil" 
male, and the generalized woman. Since 
they all were so similar, he mysticaUy 
linked aU the "good" male characters 
and most of the female characters into 
some son of immortal eternal she/he 
relationship wi.!h philosophic overTones. 
The result is that the men all come off 
as Nierzschian supennen with the kind 
of SOB asshole personalities that make 
one think these superjocks could take 
on the Norwegian anned forces 
(fonunately for Norway, the tyrant dies 
first). There isn't a Single character in 
any Eddison book who would mind 
waSling a hundred thousand people 
over some paragraph in some two 
hundred year old treaty. They often do 
just that. 

Fiorinda, for example, hunts for a 
suitable husband by marrying (or being 
forced to by her ambitious brother) 
some slob, and then having the poor 
fellow assassinated when things don't 
work out. Admittedly, one of the guys 
was a wife-beater, bUl that's no excuse 
for the OIher two (especially the one 
who was found half-eaten by a lynx 
after discovering Fiorinda and the Duke 
mjlagrante delicto). 

And so on. I could write for 
paragraphs about how the "good guys" 
in both The Wornl Ourobo,.os and the 
Zimlamvian trilogy are among the most 
genocidal scum I have ever seen in 
literature, but I'd rather not. 

. 

Enter the 
undergraduate 

Book Collection 
contest, in its 

tenth recurring 
year. Find details 
in Cluster Library 

or wherever 
leaflets are left. 

'I'HIRD COI.I.EGE 
., 

.... ., 
, 

has an opening for 
" 2 Council Members for the 

remainder of the 1983-84 
academic year. 

Please submit applications 
for the positions at the 
Dean's Office at Third 

College. For more 
iruormation, call Marco at 

, 452-4390. ~ 

" . " .... o~ . ..: .... to·o Q' ~ ' . ' • • ·c;~o;":. . •.• 
,·· .• #~. '9 · . · · . · ., • •.•. °·· .... ·-.·.'·'. -0 .· ........ ··• · ·· .. 0 

,'0 .. ... ~ • • • · 0· . ••• · ... "'0' , .... . .... ~.!.:.~ ... , ' D~;~ . 6', , (1".' 
... ... :- .; : . : ".';" 0, '" .. : .. .. ~': . .. ~~ : '! ,'. '. ~ :.'~ : ': . : .' ,,:' ;:.:: ...... , ... ' ;, : 

• 0" .... ~ . : 9 : 0, • : ' .' •• '! : .o" .. , 0 .0 ....... : .' " :.f ., '. 0 •••• • " .. 0" ~: .... 
:''': '.I;:j~ ••• • . ... ... ·.o •• : •• ~I:~ '" '.' ..... : .... : ..... Q ••.••• ••• • : 

~/,~o: :,~.):;. :(: ~~:.. : ::0:),,:::0: :>~~::':;~.:~: :.: (.: \::.:~::~::::; :; . 
I ~ ~ • • b'~ " ',' .. .. ... ... ' ... ~ ..... ', .. ,to .. ;.' .... .. . . . . ;. '0' ..... .... '.' I ~~'11111""~ 
q .... 4 ' •• tI ". o· 0 ' .. fl • ... 0. ; . ... 1 0'· .. , • • ••• 0 •..•• ·.'. CIt • - •• 0 " . : .... ~ 
: ,,·u" '07' ,' . .i ',' ·0·.··:, " .•.. , .. ~. ' •. " . •. : . ' ... : •. ' • .•. : ~:~ '~'~'." " •. : . ~ ~; , ,~ ... ~'~ .. :. 

. ... '. " .. . . .. • , " o· . ... . t1 .. .,0 ••• •. , •.•.••• .• • , 
• • 0 . .. :.; ~', .' . ' ... , " '1 . ....... . ~ ·o.#.~,.-•• ,: , ? , .•.• : ....... # .• ,; ', " .... " ' .~. 
'.- •• , " • ~ •• ' ~ 0, .D .... • _,',." • t ' ·. ~ ' .'# ',0 • i'·'" ~~·.·iIiI"~~~ .~:~,1 .. ~ .... ... ~ .. : ... ~.; .... : ~~ •.. :?: ... : . : .... ~ ... ~':".; . ~ ... ' . ....... , • • ' ••• 0' • '0" , ' ,t . ' 0 . 

'. ~ i: ~ ~:: , :.0 :.;- .. ; :.~ .o .... :~ .. : .. ~~· : ; ,0,', ~ .;~:'. ~~'> ~~ ~~: :: ': ~ . "¥.~~.'l~ 
.. ...... .. ... ,c) . .. " 

NeUers 2-0 under Matt 

January 26. 1984 11 

Rookie coach leads veteran squad 

Top relUmce Van Beers has improvrd to #2. 

By CHRISTINA KAUS 
LIst year the UCSD men's tennis 

team ended the 1982-1983 season with 
a national ranking of number four in 
Division III. and this season's squad 
promises to be even stronger. Accordlllg 
to first-year coach Steve Mot[ -the team 
is really solid this year. Individually the 
guys are much better than last year: 
·The Tritons opened up the 1984 season 
laSl week with TWO decisive wins over 
UC Riverside (9-0) and United States 
International University (6-"3) . 

Heading this year's squid are two 
qu.alifiers for last season's Division III 
Ndtion.al Tournament, Eugene Jones and 
Dan Beers, Rumber one and two 
respectively. Jones, .1 se 111 or, is J three-
lime All-American top returnee ,md has 
received a pre-season II1divldu,11 
national ranking of number t\'JO in 
Division III this ye.1T. A cording to 
Coach Mott "Jones IS pla),ng even better 
this year than last. He's ,1S good as 
anybody Jnd should Will the n.lllonJI 
IIldlviduals thiS year." &ers, a 
sophomore , is also .1 top returnee. wst 
yeJr he competed .It the number four 
singles posllion , and Coach Mott ays , 
··He has improved qUite J bit." 

The number three singles position is 
presently occupied hy Br,ld Driver. 
Driver, a junior, did nor compete last 
ye<lr due to a he<wy academic course 
10,ld. Mott calls Driver a tremendous 
athlete . 

Rounding out the present slI1gles 
lineup are Junior returnee Roy 
Derevanyik at number four, senIOr 
returnee Mike Gates at number five and 
enior returnee DaVid Neal at number 

SIX. Mott did poi nt out, however, th~t 
the lineup IS transitlon,ll and can 
change. In fJct , the lineup should 
definitely change In the spring quaner 
when L1I1ce Lareau. ,mother AlI-
AmericJn piJyer 1,ISt ye.lr, becomes 
eligible for competition. The lineup will 
also change when top player Mike 
Hdmmerrnelster recovers from a broken 
foot , althQugh Molt is not quite sure 
when that will be. Hammermeister's 
Injury has been the only major setback 
for the team ,II thiS point. 

Although J newcomer to the college 

Registered Students 
and Post-Docs 
Don't forget to 

"Cover Your Bod" 
with 

Student 
Health and 

Accident Insurance 

Includes Major Medical Be;,eflls 
Student Premium $41.70 Spouse $52.50 Children $52.40 

---------------------PerQuarter--------------------
Information and applications are available at the 

Student Health Center - 452-2123 
Insurance Representative's Haurs Monday thru Thursday, 1 :00 - 4:30 

Eugellc Jones IS UCSD ' number one and DiVISIOn Ill 's number two slIlgles pIoyer. 

te,lm coaching experience, Steve Mott is 
no stranger !O the g,lme of tennis. He 
attended U LA, a n.attonally ran ked top 
ten Division I school. in 1972-1q76 on a 
full tennis chol.lrship. Twice an A11 -
American during his stay ,It UCLA, Mott 
won five national doubles tournaments 
with Bnan Te,lcher, now ,I world 
renowned professionJltennls player. 

Before coming to oach here at 
UCSD, Mort taught tenms for ten years 
as the head pro at the Mission Valle)' 
TenniS Club. A big incentive in his 
coming here was the reconstructed 
coach's sal,u), and the piJyers on the 
tcarn. ·The guys are re.ally great: SJ)'s 
Coach Mott. -They work hard. have 

great attitudes, and although each one is 
different, I like them all . 1 know this 
sounds ridiculous, but this team is reJlIy 
coheSive. a homogenous team .'· 

This season's schedule will be .1 
dllhcult one for the Tritons Included In 
the schedule are matches against Long 
&ach St.He Umverslty , Call forma State 
Untversity Jt Northridge, an Diego 
StJte UniverSity and rival team Redlands 
University. The Tritons , who lost to 
Redlands twice last se.lson ,md ended 
up ranked below them. have alreaJy 
beaten D U twice thi se.1son in 
sCrimmage pl.1)'. ' Concelvably," says 
Coach Mott, "we could end thiS season 
With .1 number one natlon.11 ranking." 

r----------------I 
I 

..... 
size 

Timed Release 
Super C Complex 

500 mg. 
Our best timed release vitamin C 

complex, with rose hips, rutin, 
hesperidin, and the total 
bioflavonoid complex. 

Limit one per customer. 
Offer expIres 2-13-84. 

--t-rn~ l~ew Locabon! ~I corner of Pearl & Girard 
L J ·1 in the Ralph's/ Sav-On ~nter I a 01 a • (" ) m1lr av-vn I 

459·2977 4;2.9775 
l~""·11 7 day, Op 7 Ja I 

, VITIUIIIN InOIIES ,'n ys 
L _____________ M ___________________ ~ 



Entropic women: the ultimate group 
By KIM HADDAD 

One of the least recognized groups of 
dedicated athletes at UCSD is the 
ultimate frisbee gang, Entropy. In general, 
frisbee players have been bequeathed 
with the stigma of merely those who like 
to hang out at the beach and throw the 
disc around . Granted, this IS a favorite 
pastime, but there is much more 
involved when addreSSing the subject of 
ultimate frisbee. 

The SpOrt of uillmate frisbee 
origina ted in New Jersey in the late 60s. 

and until recently, has been dominated 
by the East coast. But due to the unique 
character of the sport, its fame has 
spread to all parts of the coumry, and is 
even played in some pails of Western 
Europe. The game itself is rather 
Oexlble; anything is possible <IS ultimate 
players know t:Jo limits. There is a basic 
set of rules for play, but due to thei r 
Oexibility, rules are usuaUy negotiated 
prior to playing. The primary objective 
of the game IS to score goals, but the 

fundamental purpose is to have a good 
time. 

In playing, there are no referees nor 
coaches; instead calls are made by the 
players involved , and any discrepancies 
are rationally ( usually) negotiated . The 
energy of the game omes from wilhin 
the team as there is an incredible 
amoum of communicalion between 
players on and off the field . II is 
precisely this energy Ihat keeps Ihe 
leams "entropic" and still in good spirits 

even in Ihe face of defeat. 
The SpOil is gaining recognilion at 

UCSD, with the number of 1M ultimate 
frisbee teams steadily increasing, for 
coed, men's and women's teams. UCSD 
women's Entropy was eSldblished in the 
spring of 1982, when Elana Rosen 
formed the team. Her efforts as well as 
the efforts of Christine Grimaud 
managed to form a leam that, after only 
two weeks of play, went to Ihe 
California Stdte Championships. Of 
course their lack of team experience led 
to a series of defeals, but this only 
served to mOllvate Ihe team 10 attain ,I 
higher level of excellence. 

Currently, women's Entropy conSists 
of a great group of gi rls, all 01 whom 
devote a lot of tIme .1Od energy to Ihe 
spon But the women 's team \\'ould hJve 
nevcr gotten off the gn)und Wllhout the 
suppOrt and ,:ud of the men's Black's 
Beach ultimale Emropy ream 1 heIr 
team was officially -named" In rhe 
wimer of 1982, .md alter minor 
reorganiZilllonal atl/usrmems . •• ent on to 
become the champs or the Pomona 
Horizont.11 Bowl two ye.lrs 111 ,1 row. 
This weekend, the team is tr.lVeling to 
Arizona for ,mother tourn.lment . rhi~ 
bTl ngs [0 mi nd one 01 the l1lost 
t mportant ,1speCtS 01 ultlln.w? Irl',oee -
TOJd trips. All transport.mon,ll costs and 
,lrrangeme11ls are handled by the re.1I11S, 
"ho mJnage to turn ..I tcn hour drive 
II1to .1 big pan}'! 

Bu[ bJck to wOl11en 's E:nt rup)' .... 1 he 
!>eventecn wOl11en of the teJI11 owe 
much [0 Kate Purm,ll (W.l lly ), who ' h.ls 
taken on the respon~lhhty of t1)'tIlg 10 
org,tn lze the squ.ld lor regulM pr.Il'IICCS. 
g,ll11e" .tnd tournJmcnt~ It IS precisely 
her und)'lng emhuslJsm ,md 
tIlsurmOltntablc energy th,\[ h.ls kept the 
team In !tne anel tran<;forl1led them Into 
Ullllll,\[e women. M.tny 01 the current 
pl.lyers Jre recent recruits . and some 
could b,lrely throw the di SC when the} 
first st.lI1ed. But through rhl' ,lmazing 
suppOrt 01 the teell11 , and much pracllCC, 
they h,l\'e been L.lLlght the skill 
dem.lI1Jed of the SpOrt. 

Where once women's Entropy W.IS 
merely ..I group 01 fmgmented bUI 
energetic women , they .Ire bccOllllllg .1 
well-orgJnlzed tc.lm . At thclr I.lst 
tournament, the Western Rcgionals ,l( 
Davis, CA, the}' pl.tced 3rd in their 
division . and 5th overall. This W.IS qUlle 
an accomplishment for a teal11 with 
suc h a large number or rookies .. Thls 
quarter the}' h.lVe quite a Ic\v more new 
players. many of which h.tve ,Ibandoned 
other tcam Sports to joi n the efforts or 
the Entropic womcn. It is the unity and 
spirit or the teJm which h,IS lured 
athletes like Michele Wh ttmore who last 
qu.mer left the cross-COUntry te<lm , .1nd 
rurm.ll, who bst year opted lor frisbee 
ove r soccer. Once Michele stJrted to 
play, she was overwhelmed by how 
"cool" rhe spon is. Apparcntly others 
h,ld the s,lI11e point or view. Ex-
volleybJller uzannc Nelson chose 

I'lrel.\(, lilill f,' /hIXl' 1-1 

SENIOR NURSE 
STUDENTS 

Adve1Jture ... Challenge, .. 
Professionalism! 

An exciting job with 
opportunities for world·wide 
travel, career development , 
professional growth, excellent 
benefits , BSN graduates or 
senior students· are eligible. If 
you're going to be someone, 
special...Be a Navy Nurse! For 
more information call 293· 
6746, 8 am . 4 pm, Monday . 
Wednesday, 

Running Thoughts 
By JEFF SAVAGE 
WHAT'S GOING ON HERE DEPT, By noon today, UCSD's top woman tennis player, Cathy 
Sturdivant, wiD be in the Pub celebrating. Today is her 21st birthday. But the junior from 
Rancho Bernardo is not always in a festive mood. After dropping a 6-1 , 7-6 decision to La 
Verne's Pam Noble, she entenained thoughts that you would not expect an All-American to 
consider. "' feh like quitting. It was fruSlrating and embarrassing." But despite that 
momentary lapse, Sturdivant has reason to continue. LaSl year she played a big part in the 
team's fine 14·4 season and eventual fifth place ranking in Division III. She and her partner 
Nadine Akimoto were chosen as All-Americans after advancing 10 the semifinals in the 
Division III nalional doubles championship. As a result of the team's fifth place finish in 
Nationals, Head, which does the rankin~, presented .the top six Trit?ns with four new 
rackets along with an assortment of tennts gear. Sturdivant does not hke the way UCSD 
Intercollegiate Athletic office is handling the gifts. "They say we have to give our rackets back 

Cathy Sturdivallt prtfm tltt IHNline game /0 the serw:-and -\IOI1ty strattgy ill \.OgUe today. 

in May. I don 't thmk Ihat's very fair. The IA is cheap, and if they had their way, they would do 
away with intercoUegiate sports altogether. They would probably JUSt make everything 
intramurals." Slill, Slurdivant prefers UCSD over a Division I school in some respects. "I'd 
rather be going here Ihan. say, San Diego Stare. It sounds better." Although she is a superb 
athlete. Sturdivant realizes that turning professional is a bit out of reach now. ·When I was 
growing up , wanted to be a pro, but by 11th grade or so there was just so much else going on, 
you know, boys and stuff." Goals remain high for Slutdivant, who is lIOI!Iehow managing to 
find the time around her daily tennis schedule to study EECS. "I would love to be rich, not 
have 10 work, and just play tennis every day. If you find out how I can do that, let me know." 
Any ideas for Cathy? 
NOT TO BE BEUEVED DEPT. When the San Diego Sockers arrived in Vancouver on 
Sunday for a game with the Whitecaps Tuesday nighl, they were asked to rum around and 
leave, because some of the Vancouver players were sick and did not want to play. According 
to Vancouver officials, six players came down with food poisoning on Saturday, and it was 
felt that three days would not be enough time to recover. The Sockers said OK. This is 
embarrassing act does nothing but further discredil the NASL as a professional entity. With 
so man)' giveaways and promOlions Ihe league is already just one big gimmick. Their p1a)'Uff 
format makes little sense with a best-of-three and best-of-five playoff fonnat but only one 
game for the championship. It should either be do ordie as in footbaU or a series throughout 
as in baseball, basketbaD and h""'-T' But to actuaDy cancel a game because of Sickness or 
injuries is absurd. If the Orioles asked George Steinbrenner's Yankees to p~t~ne a game 
because some of the Birds were grounded, he would laugh m their faces and hve It up as hts 
team pounded them 14-2. If the Chargers told AI Davis that they did not want to play, 
because the entire secondary was sick, he would grin and then instructJim Plunkett to throw 
on every down. Not the NASL. Sackers' managingdirectorJack Daley says, "It wouldn't prove 
much if we went there and beat them with their situation. I don't.want to beat a weakened 
team." Maybe it would not prove that the Sockers are the superior team, but at least it would 
show the tans of San Diego (aU three of them) that the Sockers are a highly competitive team 
that puts winning above aU else - asany profeSSional-level team should. The game has been 
rescheduled for March 5. Let us hope that none of the players bump his elbows or stub his 
toes before then. 
WAIT A MINUTE DEPT. The next time you avid sports enthusiasts get a bit emotional 
when your ream blows a big play or loses a game you thought it should have won, and 
someone says, "It's juSl a game," don't gel mad at them. After throWing your bottle of 
beer through the window and sending your foot through the TV sel, jUst teU them 
about a couple of incidents that happened as a result of the "game" Sunday. Tell them 
about Herman Holmes. Holmes is in the hospital righl now after being stabbed in the 
abdomen by a guest at his apartment after making an unkind remark about the 
Redskins. Holmes refused medical attention because he wanted to continue watching 
the game. Even though his girlfriend called paramedics, who immediately arrived at 
the scene, Holmes refused to leJve the apanment unnl the game was over. He later 
underwent surgery dnd is listed in serious condition .... Or you can tell them about 
Melvin Miles. Miles was watching the game with two friends , Jimmy Davenport and 
Gyde Jackson, when an argument over the Super Bowl stalled. After being beaten and 
thrown to Ihe Ooor, Miles lied across the street to his own residence. According to 
police, the two men began shooting at Miles when he stepped OUt Onto his porch, 
leading him to go inside and get a shotgun of his own. He exchanged about ten shots 
with the men . Davenport is now listed in stdble condition at the Louisiana State 
University Medical Center with shotgun wounds to the face and lert arm. Jackson was 
treated for a shOlgun wound to the lert leg and released .. .. These are, of course, 
extreme cases, but anOlher indication that this "game" is serious business is rhe IJct 
lhat Las Vegas bookm,lkers estimate that $75 million was bet on the Super Bowl alone 
- ,md this doesn't begin to account for the thousands 01 oflke and "friendly" betS 
that .Ire made. Now you have an excuse for those SunddY temper tantrums. It's not Just 
a game. It 's your life. 

NEXT QUES nON PLEASE DEPT. Mond.lY·s question: If .1 major le.lgue bascball pl.1 yer has 
hit safely tn , say, 25 straight games ,md is appearing tn Ihe 26th game .15 cl pinch hitter ,mel 
gels hil by the pitch, does hi s stre,lk continue? Answer: Yes. Docs It continue tl he draws J 
walk? Answer: Yes. A sacrirlce bunt? Yes. A sacrifice fly ? No. Too.ly'S question: When the 
Miami Dolphins derc.lled the W.lshington Redskins , tn Ihe Super Bowl unJJnwl)1 14, 1973, 
to lintsh wllh a pcrlect 17-0 scason record, which players were on the sta ning offenSive 
te.lm? Answer tn Mond.ly'S Is~ue . 

UCSD Pep Band 
They play everything from the Peter Gunn theme to Die 

Meistersinger, and a Hard Day's Night to Birdland and with just a 
few hours, a smattering of saxophones, a couple of flutes and 

. miscellaneous solo instruments, the newly formed UCSD Pep Band 
brings a taste of the "big time" to this season's intercollegiate 
basketball. 

Not only does this brassy little group have the abilty to fill up 
Triton Pavilion with music but they make you tap your foot , clap 
your hands an~ shout for the good guys. They charge the 
atmosphere with a little more electricity. But the band needs a little 
help; they need students, faculty, and staff who are interested 
musicians to join in and help make the Pep Band become an even 
more dynamiC group with lots of musical depth. 

If you have an interest in playing in the band call laurel at 452-
4037 for furrher details. Otherwise enjoy the new dimension they 
give to our intercollegiate contests. 

J'Rc~ - t3 froz~n i) SCourl Jllfair yogurt creations it 
l-y parc~f ~:!" or .., ... 1 

• We aIeo hOlior .M 

NOUJ Opelll 
1774 G ...... t Ave. 

P.cific Plaza 

914 • VW • BMW. AUDI Service 
German Car Specialists 

All work fully guaranteed. Factory· Trained Specialist 
Monday-Friday 8 am - 5:30 pm • Saturday 8 am - 5 pm 

(619) 454-7823 • 14630 Mission Bay Drive 
(619) 454-3705 ,... (!-5 to Balboa Exit) 
(619) 275-1132 ~ ~. . San Diego, CA. 92109 
* We use aM recv",,,.md KmiMii® Lubrica"ts to our custo",ers. * 
'iiCSnSPECi;ii-r----iO%-OFp .. --

4 cyl Tune-Up $45 I On All Other Repairs 
6 cyl Tune-Up $65 I (Except Motor & Transmission Overhaul) 

With This Coupon I With This Coupon 
(Not WIlili .. illl .... , oilwr CfIII/IOIt) I (Not WIlid IIIit. a .. ,. otller CON/IO,,) 



.. , 

14 January 26. 1984 
SPOR1S " . 

.. ~,' ... . .. .... . ~ '. ''':'. ' .=.. 

Lady Tritons jall to 9-10 
Quick Gulls soar through UCSD's hacks 

By IAN LANGDON 
The UCSD women·s basketball team 

came into Tuesday night's game facing a 
very tough DivisIOn I school in the 
USIU Gulls. The game startt:d with USIU 
running away [Q a quick early lead only 
to see UCSD fight back and keep the 
game close until the very end. Though 
the final score was 100-82 . the game 

USIU had the upper hand in the ena. 

was tied at 72-72 wi th only eight 
minutes left. 

U CSD Coach Judy Malone expected 
the Gulls [Q be a quick. fast-breaking 
team . and that's exactly what they were . 
Though the Tri[Qns anticipated their 
quickness, it was a different story when 
they auempted to actually defend 
against the Gulls. "We would run down 
on defense and be just a half step tOO 
slow, so we ended up fouling them:· 
said Malone. "Foul , foul . loui." Judy 
Malone certainly does not want 10 hear 
that word . The I mons put USIU Into 
the bonus situation with 14: 15 left in 
the first half and with 13:04 left in the 
second . On the night the Gulls gO! 21 
pOints on me free-throw lIne. 

T h e first half saw USIU attempt to 
pull away on sevenll occasions, only 10 
have the Tritons come b,lCk strong 
behind the scoring of Teik Fmn is. 
reserve helley McKeone Jnd the long-
range shooting of Sue Semrau. Coach 
Malone attempted to overcome the 
quickness of USIU by Inserting the 
height of McKeone, Julie Cross ,md 
Heidi Jungling. And thm help was 
dearly needed when S[,H center Fmncis 

" ,lCquired her fourth foul With 17 minutes 
left in the game. 

UC D had taken a 52-5 1 le,ld at the 
tM t o f the h,11I only 10 see Fr,\11cis get 

her founh /ot:!1 and . subsequentl)· . • 1 long 
spell on the bench But not all was los!. 
On came the emergence o f 6'2 " 
sophomore Shelley McKeone. McKeone 
scored 13 poi nts In the second half to 
end up with 21. When Malone was 
asked If McKeone would be starting the 
next game. she ,\11swered "Shelley's 
performance tonight showed that she 
should be a starter. but I'm still a lillIe 
hesitant 10 stan her because of her 
fouling problem." 

Although McKeone and Kim Allen ( 16 
points) had strong games. it was not 
enough to overcome some excellent 

. offensive output by USIU's Daisy 
Mendes and Jamie Glassford. M~ndes. 
from Sao P-aulo. Brnzil . scored 32 points 
to pace the Gulls while the native 
Glassford poured in 28 

With eight minutes 10 go In the 
contest . successive Jumpers by Julie 
Krause and Kim Allen tied the game for 
the Tritons at 72. With Teik Francis 
being entered strntegically into the 
game, i t seemed as if momentum hdd 
swung. but Fmncis WdS quickly whistled 
for h er fifth foul on a questionable 
rebound call. 

That seemed !O take the wtnd out o( 
the already shonhanded TrilOns. "We 
had a tOtal breakdown there at the 
end .... You JUSt do nOl know when that 
Will happen." said Malone. 

The Tritons were coming off an 
excellent performance last Saturday 
again st OccidentJI. UC D played superb 
defen se and won going away by 5 1 
points at 86-35. Krause (19 points) and 
Francis (17 points) led the scoring 
attack. 

Fouls seem to be the mJin hindrance 
on thiS squad as they saw their record 

drop to 9-10. BUI there .He some bright 
signs in the future . This [cam is very 
young and has [he capability to win 
some big games as they mature. The rise 
of Shelley M cKeone coupled with the 
exploi ts o f Telk Francis provide UCSD 
with a tall . young front line . Coach 
Malone also suggested , Jokingly. that 

Allen 's offense \W.IS fint but the dejense go".' M(I_Y. i 
Entropy women 
contlllllcd ji"(l1lI rag'" 12 
ultimate over volleyball . All players will 
agree that one of the most appealing 
aspects of the sport is the team unity it 
generates . • 

In the month of February. they have 
the San Diego women's Southern Region 
Tournament on the weekend of the 4th 

- and 5th, to be held at Belmont Park in 
PaCific Beach. February 14th and 15th 
marks the second annual Black's Beach 
Winter Crystal Tournament for both 
men and women. This tourney is be ing 
held at UCSD. and will include teams 
from all over the country including 
teams rrom Colorddo and Arizona. 

THE BEST BOOK BUY ON CAMPUSI 

* Take yourself and a friend to the MOVIES- FREB 
(Pay-no-admission movie passes to theatres all over 
San Diego.) 

* Enjoy BUY-ONE-GET-ONE-FREE dinne,.at over 1 00 
San Diego R .. taurant .. 

* Watch the CLIPPERS, PADRES, SOCKERS- All at 
up to 504!& OFF. 

* Get away to TAHOE, VEGAS, PALM SPRINGS or even 
HAWAII- all at 50C1b OFF! 

Retail Price: $20 
UGSD Bookstore Price: $15 

* Take advantage of FREE AUTO SERVICES from 
over 20 major San Diego Auto Dealerships! 

WITH SAVINGS LIKE THESE, WHY PAY FULL PRICE? 

~ ~JloM 

they may sust.lin a fouling problem that 
h.ls plagued the '83-'84 team. 

Though the Tritons are not enjoying 
their greatest year ever. they are still a 
very pOSitive and hard-working team . 
Everyone contributes. and no one c ries 
about his minutes or lack there of. It is 
a team that anyone would be proud of. 

The Tritons next comest Will be on 
Spirit Night. February 3, agJinst UC 
Riverside. The game start s at 5:15 and 
will be played prior !O the men's game 
Left-overs: It I~ fun to look at Ihe JUlure oj 
what Ih e WO/l1CII·~ I<'anl could a((ol11pll ~h /11 
the ncXI couple oj years. Coach Malone wll/ Lx' 
prc~surfd w hal'!: a good wllming season 
withlll tilt' nCYltwo years IJCcause IllS dO llbrjll1 
.dll' WI/I how; n.:tter talent at IheJorw(1H1 (Illd 
ce nter positiOns. '·We Will definitely Ix looking 
jor SOIllC good gtwrds to trengthen OUI 
bench," commented Malone .... Tht' Tri/IJns ' 
top 3 corers willlJe badl in Frallos (17.8). 
KraU5t (/7.1) and Semrau (133). ... Along 
With McKeone the t<'all! should haw a strong 
returning nucleus .... Malone'l coaching was 
evidently outslandll1g Tuesday night, m:n 
though the Store may nm indicate this. Her 
substilUlion of the fOlll-plagued Francis was 
very !/Inely. The Tritons trwled by only 4 
points when Teik was brought in with 6:10 
remaining. When she jouled out just one 
I11l11ute later Malone told ht;[ coldly, "You '\If 
got to know when to let those go. Telk. " .. .. In 
Francis ' defense, It is quite evident that the 
l!UICkltlllg in these games is by no means NBA-
ifwl .;tuff. , thlnll our intramural referel's 
lOllhl gll'f thelll a clinic ... . High game jor the 
Tl"lwn., this season: Teill FranCIS ' 31 points 
VfI"SIlS UC Santa Cruz .... 

For those of you who are still a bit 
skeptical as to the intensity of the sport. 
the Entropies invite you to come and 
observe their practice games held every 
Tuesday evening from 5-7 pm on Muir 
Field. And for those of you interested jn 
joining the squad. regular pmctices arc 
Mondays and Wednesdays from 3-5 pm 
on Warren or PRYA Field, and Friday 
nights on Muir Field from 6-8 pm. 
Come join the entropic bodies. if you 
dare! 

The enlire Entropie team would like to 
give. many thanks to Laurel Dean jar her 
support. 

NAVY NUCLEAR 
ENGINEERING 

any better offers? $24,000 
to $54,000 after 6 years. 
If you are 19 to 26 years 
of age majoring in math, 

chemistry, physics or 
engineering and would 
like to learn more about 

this opportunity 

CALL 
COLLECT 
(619) 

293-6746 
Call between the hours of 9 
am to 5 pm, Mon. thru Wed. 

, 

• 

FOR SALE 
Cycle Pro- five speed cruiser. Excellent 
condition. 5160 Alan 455-0914 Of leave 
message. (1/26) 
lJtra acoustIcs 300 125 watt 3 way studio 
spkrs. Best oftel. Tim 452-1508. (1/26) 
Datsun 8210 76H8 manual air fm cassette 
new IOdias new battery excellent condition 
51950 576-1018 even. (1/26) 
Yamaha fG-150 steel stmg guitar. small t~ 
at neck. beautiful tone. w/cose. Call otter 6, 
455-6447. (2/2) 
Cor. Auto. Car. Chevy. Car. Auto. Car. NoIIa. 
Car. Auto. 1977. Car. Auto. Bargain. 454-2813. 
JefYJ8v. (1/26) 
Twin bed excellent condition Includes 
motfIess box spmg and frame S50 452-3118 
days 453-5449 8II9nlng. (1/26) 
'Mndsufer - Custom W<:Ne board. 8'10"' long. 
IA8d only 2mth. 5425 coil Soald 452-4459 Of 
454-7477 atter 6 pm. (2/2) 
Moped. Vespa Ciao for sole. Has 1900 mi -
good concItIon Catt Ota 274-8265. (1/26) 
Futons and Frames. 1~ cotton veIY 
COITIortable, use for both bed and couch. 
Golden Moon Futon. 274-4574. (1/26) 
Twin size bed. bole spring. frame. and 
heodboCld. 575 o.b.o. delivel8d. 457-3384 
em (J~~) 

SERVICES 
WadoYrlghls for QUality word proc: 8111 IQ. Fast 
ctatts and letter perfect finals. 481-8395. (2/9) 
T'rPing. Io\OId procesaing. tape ~ 
'-UoI1ty WOIk at reasonable rates. La Jolla. 
Sarwjy, 459-5818. (1/30) 
UNWANTED HAIR REMO.-1:D PERMANENTLY 
near campus. La Jolla Protessionat Centel, 
8950 Villa La Jolla Dr. Suite 116O-C Call for 
appt 453-7040. (6/7) 
Term papers - theses - dlsseftotlons. Low 
rates. fast service, Pro-Type. 454-6860. La ..bI1a. 
(6/7) 
Typlngl WOfd Processlngl Rush jobs! Term 
papers, theses. resumes. transcription. 
Jennlfel 274-5005. (6/7) 
Stor Words typing at word processlng. Student 
papers. thesis. 9580 611<. Mtn. Rd. Suite 6 578-
4)41. (2/23) 
Typing - Reosonobie. accurate. Clairemont 
creo. Bus: 278-6015: Home: 281~17. (1/30) 
Need a typist? Reasonable. Speedy, 15 years 
experience. Guorcntee work. Call1<athle 576-
1277 anytime. (2/16) 
Experienced typist will type your terrp papers, 
etc. Call Becky at 268-3763. (1/.lJ) 
lYPlNG - S1 per page discount I<lnko's 
Copies La Jolla Village Square. 232-9797. 
(3/15) 
lYPlNG AND WORD PROCESSING - Fast. 
Accurate. Reliable. 296-1296. (1/26) 
Manuscripts. Dissertations. thesis. Resumes 
Typed. Experienced. Coli Evenings 755-4779. 
(1/26) 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Tou t<oppa Epsilon Is accepting winter quarter 
member$hlp lor Its LIttle Sister Program. For 
more Informatbn. please phone 457-4022. 
(1/26) 
Video - dance nIght rartte tickets. Concert. 
rElCOlds. movies and tons at other prlzesl 
TIckets on sole on the plaza 12-2 and at the 
lG. 50 cents each or five for two dollars. (1/26) 
Interested In Judging girls' gymnastics? We'lI 
train. Call Robin 265-1240 Of TIna 578-8293. 
(1/30) 
Minority Editing Internshipsl Apply row for 
summer. Academic Internship Program 
452.4355 Bldg. 406 WC. (1/27) 

I<SDT and the Pub present a video 
extravaganza. Friday evening 27th of January 
from dinner time 'til bedtime. With your 
fOllOfite videos and pop m.Jslc to donce to. 
(1/26) 
Battle at the Bonds Is back! This SOt. nlte. 8 pm-
1 am. Revelle Ccteterla. 5()¢ & bring UCSD 10. 
(1/26) 
Studentsll Come hear and talk to student 
center dlrectOf TOM Tucker tonight at 7 pm at 
the Che Ccte. He wUI be discussing the new 
Student Centel and it Is crucial to get bts at 
student Input. It's YOUI center. Be concerned. 
Be Cl'NOI8. Be theMI (1/26) 
Tt<E Uttie SIsters lor membership Info please 
ieaYe a meaoge at 457--t022. (1/26) 
NEED CASH? Earn S500 plus each IChooi year, 
2-4 (lladble) hOlft per week placing nod 
liNing posters on campus. Serious workersc.nly; 
'He give recorrmendotlons. 1-800-243-6679. 
(1/.lJ) 
MET. MUSEUM OF ART MERNSHPSI Apptv row 
for summer. ,ocodemlc internship Program 
452-4355 Bldg. 406 Warren Campus. (1/27) 
Dead heads and portiers allkel Born 
C~Ad Is bock at the Chethls Friday 9 om. 
52. Come dance and hove a good tlmel 
(1/26) 
Get your team together to COf1"'4:l8Ie In the 
UCSO College bowl. Winners !raIIe1 to Son 
Frcncisco b regional games. See Undo at 
l£() for details x.«)Q(). (1/26) 
M.llr College Is row accepting applIcations 
fromocodemlcollyqualiftedstudentstoasslst 
-.Mth fI9strnon orIentatton and reglstrotlon 
during June. Obtalfl a job retenol at Student 
EmpIovment and bring It to the pro.IOIt's 
omce 2126 HSS. Deadline: 2/7/84. (2/6) 
6 IIYe bonds at RevelIe's Battte of the Bandsl 
this Sat. nlte. 8-1 om, Revelle Cafe. 5O¢/UCSD 
Id. (1/26) 

WANTED 
EntllJsIostlc. enagetlc people to pass out 
liters and promote for Great Earth Vitamins 
located In the Ralph·s/Sov.()n shopping 
centel In La JoIto near UCSO. Flexible hoursl 
54/ty. 452-9775. (1/26) 
WANTED. UndeIgrad and grad students to 
apply for one year RotOlV Foundation 
scholarship for the year 1985-86. 
Req.;lremenls: Gtocies - 8:lchekn degree. 
age 18-28. May be married. lkldelgrads -
M.Jst hove corrpeted soph year as a June 
1985. Age 18-24. Not monied. For porticulcrs 
please coil Mr. Robert 1homas at 488-2797. 
DeOOIIne Is February 10th. (1/26) 
Roommate needed to shae fUrrished condo 
with !'NO other mole sophomores. 250 a 
month plus utlL Call Tom at 452-0484. (1/3) 
Tutor Is needed to team C tong for 163A. Call 
eve 582-2741. (1-26) 

LOST Be FOUND 
LOST: Black Wollet in HSS oreo. Coli to Identify: 
454-9906. (1/.lJ) 
f-ELP ~I I lost my only tennis roquet last 
Q.Jarter in HL/UH. Irs a BORG PRo. Coli ERIC 
453-9377. RewARD. (1/ 30) 
Lost: Caslo calculatOf watch In main gym call 
Greg at x4450. (1/26) . 
Lost adctess book black leather Initlols M.B. 
reward 756-5397. (1/3) 
Lost: One neJvy ski glove. by Muir dorms. 
cround 9 am Thurs. Jan 19. One isn't too good 
w/out the other and my right hCf"ld Is getting 
cold SO please call 488-6238 • you found It, 

~h appreclatedll Terri. (1/30) 
Lost: Revelle Campus, gold ring with block 
engoving reward, no questions asked. John. 
224-1173 evenings Of message at 452-3<XXl. 
(1/30) 
To whoever found my red wallet at Third: 
Thanks. P.D 1<. (2/2) 
Lost 1 pr rren's size 5 Patrick's Soccers Cleots. 
Wed .. 1/18. Muir Field near bleachers. Please 
return. need desperately I Call Erin at 276-
7298. (1/26) 
Girl's jeans Muir Apartments' Loundly room 

taken home acCidentally/ black/ blue pair 
David 455-9936. (1/26) 
Found: wcmen's bike on Friday, 1-13. Please 
coil & identify. 297-8591 . (1/26) 
Lost: on Jan. 23, in women's bathroom on 
grOUnd ttoor of HSS - a ring of great 
sentimental voluel Silver Ylith blue stone 
SlXTOUnded by rhinestones. If found please 
coil Beth at 452-8559. (2/1) 
Found: a ring in women's bathroom In 
Humanities Bldg. Annex on 31d COllege after 
noon at 1/23. Catt to identify. Undo 455-6447. 
(2/2) 
Lost: Red backpack containing books. Lost on 
Friday 1/20 In third College parking lot by 
construction area. Please return It to Police 
Dept. or coIll<svln 75&-6853. (2/10) 

HOUSING 
Mole clYistlan roommate to shore 2 bedrm 
217 both condo. so. at La Jolla V' $325/ m plus 
~ uti. 457-5644. (1/26) 
Female roommate to shore quiet 4 bedroom 
house In Mira Meso own room 5185/m plus !to 
util non-smoker 578-1568. (1/26) 
Roomote IIVCJnted Cloiremont own room 
'.\Osher dryer 233 plus 1/3 uti!. Mer 6:00 pm 
569-7430. (1/26) 
Wanted: Female to shore room In U opt 5165 
plus 1/3 utll. Prater someone fun. clean. and 
considerate. 457-2152 (1/26) 
Housemote - La Jolla. fumlshed. view. 
female, nonsmoker. $4C() plus 1/3 utlHtIes 454-
3100. (2/2) 

TRAVEL 
"!he following trips ore being organized to 
coincides with OCSD's spring break. utah ski 
tJ1p March 23-26 5134. Son Felipe Mexico 
March 24-26 5115. For more Informotlon 
contact t<oy 268-8843 x370. (2/13) 
Council troYeI/CIEE provides information on 
student chartelS. roIlposses. InrI student id·s. 
hostel cords. tours for ages 18-35. work and 
study prtVOms. ond much more. Slop by the 
Student Centel Of call 452-0630. (6/7) 

PERSONALS 
t<im 8laire t<ettey Tracee Theresa Did! I<atie 

PROPHET 

Robin Maggie Laura best Ylishes and 
congratulations see va Saturday. Be there or 
be a cyclohexanel Your Sigma Kappa sisters. 
(1/26) 
Hip hop at the seconp annuall<SDT - Pub 
videa dance night. No cover chcrge to t!Yow 
down 'till the eorly light. Raffle prizes and a 
'JIOI:Ny time to be had by all. (1/26) 
TKE Uttle Sisters fOf membership Info please 
leave a message at 457--t022. (1/26) 
Dead heads and partlers alikel BOfn 
Oossexed Is back at the Che this Friday 9 pm. 
$2. Come dance and have . a good timel 
(1/26) 
Tou I<oppa Epsilon Is Accepting WInter 
Quartel membership fOf Its Uttie Sister 
Program. For more Informotbn, please phone 
452--t022. (1/26) 
Studentsll Come hear and talk to student 
center dlrectOf Tom Tucker tonight at the Che 
Ccte at 7 pm. he will be discussing the new 
Student Center and it Is crucial to get tots at 
student Input. It's Yo..Jr center. Be concerned. 
Be Cl'NOre. Be there. (1/26) 
I>rtQe - We've got to stop meeting like this: 
hc7.v bout fairfield's at 5 on Saturday? - GG. 
( 1/ 26) 
Steve. I'll be thinking about you. I love you. 
Pam. (1/26) 
Congratulations to our awesome new 
OmIcron pledge closs: Wenci(. Jenny. t<oren. 
Corotine. Ilene. and AnnettelH Love from your 
Alpha Omicron PI Sisters. (1/26) 
Wanted; Stage Mar)agel for !he Revelle 
Spring Musicot. Please call Suzanne at 452-
.lJ25. (1/26) 

I Hi Mike Moser! Ale you QCXYlO toke me up on 
that dinner invitation? (1/26) 
To Maggie: the greatest iiI sis. fIIend person in 
the wald I 10118 you and wish the best for you. 
lhonk you for being you. Kendall xc. (1/2tJ) 
Attention Althur. the pianist from HCMI TO 
SUCCEED. Please coli Suzanne reo thIs years 
ploy: 452-3025. (1/26) 
looking for something to do this Sat. n1te? 
Battle at the Bands. 8 pm. Revelle Cofelerio. 
5()c: /UCSD Id. (1/26) 
DtDl: You're such a cutie. We make a gl80t 
couple of ~ Have a super 
inlttotlon and year. You deserve it, sis. Meionle. 
(1/26) 
Creomed corn - There Is nothing better than 
cooking bacon Ylith you. tthh - thanks ily me. 
(1/26) 
CXlke - Next time you come to my dug - EI 
Goroo. (1/26) 
Uke to soW boots? Try a sailplane. Some sport. 
Just In three dimensions. Call Alan atthe UCSD 
Soaring Club fOf details at 566-7405. (1/26) 

THE FOURTH ANNUAL 

BOB MARLEY 
BIRTHDAY CONC-ERT-

ffJ-'f\JRl~O\. pJU) ~~ 
.. S 

CLUB REGGAE ON BROADWAY 
24TH & BROADWAY IN GOLDEN HILL 

$7.50 ADVANCE $8.75 AT mE DOOR All AGES WELCOME 
FOR CAll 

WITH YOUR REGGAE DJS MAKEDA & DAMAJA-LE 

REGGAE DISCO NIGHT 
~O~~~ cO:~~~~~ 

s~ 21 and over 9 pm·2 am 
MAKOSSA __ _ 

EVERY SUNDAY EVENING AT 9:00 PM ON 91X 



FOR ALL YOU DO ... Tnt 
8 0 PAGE IS FOR YOU! 

Go East ... Young 
When gold was discovered in 

California in 1849, the cry wa 
heard far and near from St. Paul 
to St. Louis ... "Go west, young 
man! There' gold in them thar ' 
hills!" 

And off they went... people of all 
backgrounds, hape, and 
ize ... headin' for "Cal-eye-forn-

eye-a" and the promi e of good 
fortune. 

Now it' 1984 ... arne number , 
but in a little different sequence 
(an Orwellian omen, maybe?) ... 
and the cry for gold and g<dl 
fortune is till heard out we t 
around the quiet but burgeoning 
campu that we've all come to 
know a UCSD. 

There' only one catch. If 
you 're looking for the yellow 
stuff, crazy times, and you're till 
going we t...you're going the 
wrong way! Ju t like the 
Redskins did last Sunday on 
Marcus Allen ' 74-yard beauty. 
Over-pur uit i the reality of 
coming up empty-handed. Ju t 
like Intramural Sport affi-' 
cionado have experienced thi 
past week trying to find the good 
01' 1M port office. And, by the 
way, where in the hell i that 
damn thing anyway? 

What we've been trying to tell 
you, folk, i thi : You'vegot togo 
EAST, friend , to find u . Not to 
the Far Ea t like everyone eem 
to think, but due ea t (a nice 3-
wood , and a half wedge will get 
your there with plenty to spare). 

We're calling the place 

CANYON VIEW (even though 
the only view we'll have is an 8(» 
car parking lot) ... and one of these 
days the place will be beautiful. 
Right now, though, it more 
clo ely re emble the middle of 
Beirut. In case you till don't 
know where we are try this on. 
You know the Warren fields 
where we play softball and 
'football? We're right across the 

treet. You know where the new 
pool and racquetball courts are? 
We're right next door. 

And what in the hell are we 
doing out there? ... you a k. It' 
imple really. We'regettingready 

for the crush of development and 
growth going on at the eastern 
edge of campus. 

And in case you haven't 
noticed, thing are cookin' out 
here ... new Warren hou ing for 
over 1000 students ... new school 
of engi neering ... ex pa nded 
recreation facilitics .. and the 
arne good times you've all come 

to expect from Campu 
Recreation and Intramural 
Sport . 

So when you're in the 
neighborhood (we promise we 
won't hold our breath ) com by 
and check us out. Its the arne 
good program with a bit more 
futuri tic look and brand new 
headquarter . In case you're 
intere ted, the tagecoach to 
Canyon View leaves on the half-
hour from the back of Mandi!ville. 
Come ee us oon .. .it can get 
lonely out here. 

AU-Campus Tennis Doubles Championships 
~is Week! Entne tor the 19~4 All-

1M Basketball Ratings 
MenAAA 
1. tream Team (2-0) 
2. 'tring Musicians (1-0) 
3. Triton Pub (1-0) 
4. Vi ion Cafe 0-1) 
5. Box and One (1-1) 

MenAA 
] . Still Playin' Great (2-0) 
2. Party Animals (2-0) 
3. Rebel (2-0) 
4. Forbidden Clone (1-0) 
5. Cardiac Kids (2-0) 
6. Get Boards (2-0) 
7. Nipple Hair (1-0) 
8. Creative Eligibility (2-0) 
9. Life After High chool (1-0) 
10. Phi Slamma Jamma (1-0) 
Men A 
1. Dreaming of Kimba (2-0) 
2. Chipmunk Dunk' Revenge (2-0) 
3. If We Show, W 'll Place (2-0) 
4. La Machine (2-0) 
5. Let' . Bone Alli 'on (2-0) 

Campu Tenni Double 
Championship are still being 
taken at the Canyon View 
Recreation Office with competi-
tion in Men', Women ' and 
Mixed Doubles to begin this 

aturday, January 28. 
Open and "B" Divi ions are 

being offered and matche will be 
cheduled a conveniently as 

possible for participants. Entry 
fee for the two-day tournament 
will be a cheap a they come: one 
can of new Wil on, Dunlop or 
Penn tenni balls. Further 
tournament information can be 
obtained at 452-4037. 

6. One-Eyed Generals (2-0) 
7. Triangular Pelt Hunters (1-0) 
8. Ji m-Get a Load of Us (2-0) 
9. Brew Bros. (1-0) 
10. Spinele s Marines (1-0) 
Men 5-10 
1. Smokeless Bud (1-0) 
2. Still Smokin' (2-0) 
3. j. V. (2-0) 
4. Butt Ugly (2-0) 
5. Royal Flush (1-0) 
Coed AA 
1. On the Rebound (1-0) 
2. SWAMP (1-0) 
3. Turgid Protuberance (1-0) 
Coed A 
1. Itjust Doesn't Matter (2·0) 
2. Frank's Fanatics (l -O) 
3. Phi Dubla Dribla (1-0) 
4. Ju 'l Get It In 
5. TBA 

AlI ··Campus Swimming Championships Hit the New Pool! 

UCSD INTAMJRAl SWII'UNG RECORDS 
(1979-1983) 
MEN'S RECORDS TIME 
50 Free Chris GllSs 22.74 
50 Back Ken Carr 27.26 
50 Fly Greg Buchanan 24.91 
50 Breast Brian Takagi 30.33 

100 Free Chris Glass 50.22 
100 Back Alan Cintes 59.86 
100 Breast So Ny!IIIn 1:07.13 

200 Ind Medley Chrh Glass 2:08.46 

400 Free Pit Yogele 4:04.10 

200 Medley Relay Grad SchoOl 1 :47.61 
200 Free Relay The loud Te. 1:35.01 

WOHEII'S RECORDS RECOROHOLDER TIME 

50 Free Claudia O'Brf 27.11 
50 Back Betsy Jordan 34.39 
50 Fly Kelly Fl .. lng 31.59 
50 Breast Molly SII:ve 37.26 

100 Free 1:02.25 
100 Back 1:14.00 
100 Breast 1:19.75 

100 Ind Medley 1:~.52 
200 Ind Hedley 2: .37 

400 Free Ju Ii I Kruger 4:54.40 

200 Free Relay Hotshots M. 2:05.40 

TEAM CHAMPIONS 

1983 Grad School 142 
1982 Grad School 149 
1981 Revelle 210 
1980 ReVille 206 
1979 Grad School 67 

ii1~~~ 
'Mil~~ 

YOU. 

At long last our new 
championship 50-meter pool has 
come aboard and with it comes 
realistic optimism that every 1M 
swimming record on the books 
will fall next weekend in the 
annual rendition of the AII-
Campus Intramural Swimming 
Championships. 

The meet is slated for 
Saturday, February 3rd, at 1 pm 
at the Canyon View pool with a 
fun slate of men's and women's 
events on the . docket. It is 
expected that the university's 
new electronic lane timer will be 
in full operation by meet time 
providing digital read-outs for 
each swimmer. 

The meet is open to all UCSD 
students, faculty and staff 
(except current intercollegiate 
swimmers) with event sign-ups 
being taken at the Canyon View 
Recreation Office next to the new 
pool. Additional sign-ups will be 
taken at the pool itself next week 
and at pools ide on the day of the 
meet. If you can't make it down to 
Canyon View, give us a call at. 
-452-4037 for more meet 
information, specific event 
starting times, etc. 

As is customary with this 
meet, all swimmers will score 
points for their college based on 
their respective finishes. Pas 
winners of the team champion-
ship and meet records are listed 
to the left. 



/ 
.' ../ 

.I • . 
I ~ 



-
The Magazine 
of the '80s 

r..IW 
AII>ImV KUl.lR 

A ...... e Alta rMtar 
JOHn nu 
..... 

MIU un. JAn uu· 
lAUE'" CHIISTOI'IlEI CAnOLr.. 
.JOAn rollSllERG: 110M Ill, Pt.S. 
HUm (<iInIaIlng). I'AlJL ... 
JOnrs, CLYDEnE nu: 

UIt«iaI Ul·,.. 
MIle ..... eJ-.J411 

"i.,1U is pUbll5lltd tvtry 
TIIUfloUy of 1M JC hooI yur 15 I 
suppltmUI to lilt UCSD 
OOAII*'t ~1K11on or III! 
without wrltttn pmnls5ion 01 MY 
portion of this magul. is I nl)-
no. Wt wtlcOIIIt unsollclttd 
IdttB. manuJCripts .nd 1ItworII. 
bul _ nO ~bllll)' for 
tht rdurn of such. Send 
infOl"llYtIon to: 

",ArUS 
&-016. UI Jol la 

C~ .. 9209J 

2 nlatu5 January 26, 1984 

Contents 
Cover: The highly acclaimed 
festival of Animation returns 
to ~ Jolla's Museum of 
Contemporary Art this 
weekend with its best program 
yet. See story on page 3, 

Tbne's Company .. . ... page l 
The Three's Company dance 

ensemble will perform this weekend 
in celebration of its tenth 
anniversary season. The show will 
be an all new repertoire 

Nicky Hopkins .. . . .... page 4 
Nicky Hopkins is best known for 

his studio work with such noted 
bands as The Who and the Rolling 
Stones but his real talents lie in the 
direction of films. 

KIlle JIIe, Kate ...... . . . . page 5 
The Old Globe has yet another 

success in its Winter season with its 
production of a Cole Porter classic. 

Reuben. Reuben .... .. . page 6 
A film about an alcoholic,poet 

and generally lecherous kind of guy. 
Guaranteed fun for the whole 
family. 

Assorted Vinyl Report page 6 
Goings On page 7 

But is it art. . . 
By J.A. flllA1IIISOft 

In Art IS Otperltmce. John Dewey defines art as an attitude of 
expression. not as an object separate from Its Craltor. He states that 
art Is not just the physical outcome In conveying craltive Ideas but the 
urge to communicate one's sense of being beyond mere existence. 

Is art the reallmtion of an original Insight. the mastering of a 
technique or the working out of a particular problem? It Is all oftlae 
things. 1be motivation of a desire put Into action towards an outcome 
of an end cannot be separated from the final article In explaining what 
art Is. There Is no point where one can say now It Is art. for "It" was 
always art. from Its conception to Its birth and maturity. 

Perhaps art can most clearly be deftned as the subject Instead of the 
product It was the "act" of art-making with abstract expressionism In 
the fifties. It was the "Idea" In the sixties. and documentation was the 
method of recording the concept Performance art came nelt In the 
seventies. where separation between the maker and the object was 
dispelled, and the person.became the art. 

But not JIB any thought or thing can justlHably be called art. 
Robert Motherwell said. "I'or me. It must haw: Immediacy, passion or 
tenderness. belngness, as such. detachment. Invention and sean:h. 
light. an unexpected and a certain stalwartness." In this se ... art 
must express with clarity the thought. skill and courage of the artist. 
no matter what the medium, Art. like life, cannot exist as a separate 
entity from the whole. just as there cannot be electrical current 
wit bout positive and negative ground. 'lbere cannot be art without the 
manifestation of expression and process. 

Write for Hiatus 
The opportunity of a I ifetlme awaits you. Get Involved, get a 

job, get a tan and get happy. WrIte for the arts magazine of the 
'80s. no experience necessary. Stop by our plush offices or call 
452-3466 and ask for Andrew or John. Be Somebody! 

friday 
Jan. 27: 

'Vi(eo ~igh~ 
at the 

'Pub 

sponsored by: 
student etr., KSOT 
free 

A tradition continues: 
festival of Animation 
returns to San Dieg~ 

By CLYDfftf Jlfff 
A single moment of film can The program this year Is a 

take an animator hours to unique blend of International 
produce. and a typical film animation, with a few 
many months of hard work to reprexntatlve5 of American 
finish. The end product of all animation and stop motion 
this effort will be a few short c1aymation. 
minutes of animation on the Tlllgo. the current Academy 
screen. Award winner. Is the most 

One of the few touring faScinating piece on ~he · 
animation "1m festlvab will be program. Past. present and 
coming to town this weekend , futurt come together In a 
b a two-week stay at the La montage of repetition that 
Jolla Museum of Contemporary boggles the mind rih mewing 
Art. Tbe I'estival of Animation Images. 11I1s nlm ' ls perhaps 
IllS begun eight years ago by better known for Its Polish 
two rather unlikely anlmaUon ftlmmaker Zblegnlew Rybczyn-
fans. Mike and Spike. ski. who made headlines across 

When the festival was ftl"!t the country when he argued 
Introduced to campu5 these two with security guards at the 
lads would cavort around capus Academy Awards this year and 
wearing Oroucho Marx glasses was arrested for kicking one In 
and noses. accosting freshmen the groin. 
with flyers for the shows. In Rybczynski will appear on 
those days the program was Saturday. february 4, and 
presented In Tut 107 and drew Sunday. february 5. to discuss 
crowds that filled this his work on Tango and his 
classroom for the two-night current work on The New Show. 
show. which is being produced by 

flv.e years ago they moved Lome Michaels. 
the festival to La Jolla. Since American animation does not 
then the festival has grown In make a very impressive show in 
popularity and size and has a this festival. While most of the 
more polished format that Is work Is good - Vincent. from 
Just as slick as their present Tim Burton and Rick Helnrlcks 
flyers. of the Disney Studios. and 

,. 

DOLLAR 
Your 80 cents is worth $1.00.---' 

Students, you can save 20% on art and drafting 
suppl ies at The Fine Art Store. Just show proof of 
current enrollment (student J.D., course schedule ... ) 
and we'll discount your suppl ies 20% till February 
28th, after Februa ry 28th you'll save 10% on weekdays 
and 2O'ff on Saturdays. 

Let us help make getti ng an education a little eas ier. 

~ The Fine Art Store 8 8.3 CLAIAEMONT MESA BLVD .• SAN [)IEGOI6 111585- 0e.e 4683 CASS ST .PACIFIC BEACH It 191 . 83'3170 

"t;ettIeg S&utied'" II OM 0I1ile ............ 01l1li8 wnll ... '. r ...... of --. ... ill .. Jolla. 

SUndae in ffew York by Jimmy 
Picker. who worked with 
ClaymaUon creator Will Vinton 
- the other work seems rather 
shabby compared to the better 
works 'from Canada. 

The opening pl~e, Raggun's 
Nightmare. is amusing in 
content. Imagine President 
Reagan in a shootout with a 
Godzilla-type monster that has 
televisions for eyes and shoots 
rays that tum things into their 
Japanese counterparts. The clay 
anlmathlil is very good with all 
the proper balance In motion. 
The live action tends to look too 
comical and Is very poorly done. 

In comparison. the work by 
Paul Vester of fngland entitled 
Sunbeam is a colorful piece of 

animation that swims ·In color. 
However, I found the end titles 
much more Interesting. In the 
same vein of color. but on a 
much more Interesting theme, 
Is Suit 0/ Many Crayons by 
Canadian Kevin McCraken, 
Parents often try to shape their 
chlldren's art. but imagine a 
parent in a world drawn by 
children the way they think the 
real world is like. The end 
product Is a delightful parody. 

One piece that most students 
will identify with Is Getting 
Started by Richard Condie, who 
is yet another Canadian. 
Procrastination in action is the 
entire piece, We have all 
experienced Getting Started at 
some point in our lives. and 

indeed this article Is an object of 
procrastination, using every 
excuse to put oft' the work that 
needs to be done. 

Along with the program 
several speakers and animators 
will be present to speak about 
their work. Aside from the 
Rybczynski appearance. Art 
Clokey, the father of Gumby, 
will be present Saturday, 
January 28. and Tim Burton and 
Rich Hei nricks of Disney 
Studios will talk about their 
film Vincent on Saturday, 
february 4. Tickets are $4.50 at 
the UCSO 80x Office and $5,00 
the night of the show at the 
Museum. Buy your tickets early. 
because the shows tend to sell 
out: 

Three's Company group celebrates 
tenOl season with weekend shows 

On friday and Saturday at 8 
pm. Three's Company and 
Dancers will continue their 
tenth anniversary season with 
an evening of all new repertory 
works at Mandeville Auditor-
Ium .. 

The evening's performance 
will include the premieres of 
Rich Burrows' Between Habit 
and Accident. featuring artistic 
directors Betzi Roe and Patrick 
Nollet with Paul Kovennan and 
Mary Ann Willoughby. 
Accompaniment for the 

Burrows piece will be music 
taken from Greek frescoes 
arranged by Paniagua, 

Also to be premiered will be 
excerpts from five Paul Taylor 
works staged and performed by 
Nicholas Gunn. with members 
of Three's Company, 

Liquido Precioso. a piece 
choreographed by Rene 
Gubemick of Los Angeles, will 
be performed by Mary Ann 
Willoughby and Edward 
Winslow. Uquido Precioso won 
first prize in the 1981 Los 

Angeles Dance Alliance festival. 
Three 's Company artistic. 
director. Jean Isaacs, will 
present Chopin Pieces utilizing 
seven members of the company. 
This Story, a duet with Betzi Roe 
and Paul Koverman. will 
complete the evening 's 
presentation. 

Tickets for Three's Company 
Mandeville performances are 
$10.50 for adults and $6.50 

for ticket Information and 
reservations. please call Three's 
Company at 296-9523. 

January 26. 1984 nl.t.u 3 



... , 

When an album is released to 
the market there are many 
qualities of that album that, 
while not being very apparent, 
give the album its part icular 
sound. As the old saying goes, 
"Behind every successful man, 
there is a woman." Well , one 
could change this around into 
"Behind every successful band, 
there are a bunch of damn good 
studio musicians:' 

from Rolling stones to TV, 
Nicky Hopkins bas done it all 

(ecorded into the machine and 
then synthesized over the entire 
range of the keyboard. So you 
could actually create an array of 
trumpets, voices or whatever 
the base sound was, 

By KlAUS [""VI 

for the most part, studio 
musicians are an unsung group 
of heroes that add a cohesive 
quality to recording and 
performance for creative, 
though not incredi bly 
techni cally outstanding 
musicians. There are a few cases 
of studio musicians who gain 
notor iety as artists in their own 
rights. Tony Levin, of King 
Crimson and Peter Gabriels 
band , Lee Ritenour, Billy 
Preston and the like all began 
their careers in the studio and 
on stage. Wh ile others go on to 
strive for popular success there 
exist a few who gain reputations 
doing what they do best. 

rock piano players in the 
industry today. His discography 
reads like the Greatest Hits of 
the Sixties and Seventies. In 
short, Nicky Hopkins has played 
and performed with just about 
everyone. 

sound tracks I find that the 
directi.on I'm moving 
towards. .. is music for films. " 

While Hopkins is best known 
as a rock keyboard 1st, he feels 
that his creative tendencies lie 
in a different direction. "I'm 
known best for my work on rock 

very precise and everything has 
to be timed to the second. All of 
this fascinated me and I found 
that my writing made more of a 
move towards setting a mood 
melodically that would interact 
with a movie:' 

"In the late sixties," Hopkins 
continues, "when Moogs were 
just coming out and very 
complex to run, I went 'round to 
Mick's (Jagger's) house and we 
worked all afternoon on his 
synthesizer and we couldn't get 
it to produce a single musical 
sound. That kind of put me off 
for a number of years:' At the age of three, Nicky 

Hopkins began his study of the 
piano. Hopkins turned 
professional when he was 
sixteen with a band called Lord 
Such. Then in the early sixties he 
began his session work. 

Hopkins most recent prQjects 

"/ found that my writing made more of a moue 
towards setting a mood melodically with a movie . .. 

Hopkins has also played on 
the soundtracks of the HIm 
Breathless and the television 
series Boone. In addition to this 
work one of his own pieces is 
being considered for the next 
Glenda Jackson film. "I'm not 
certain exactly what the film 
will be about but it's something 
like the China Syndrome in 
Mexico (laughter):' 

Among his recorded works 
are almost every Rolling Stones 
album, Who's Next and the 
Tommy soundtrack. Julio 

IgJ~ias' upcoming album and 
work on soundtracks for film 
and television. These last two 
are where Hopkins' interest now 
lies. Says Hopkins, "J've been 
doing a lot of writing lately and 
after having worked on 

albums but my own writing is include the soundtrack to the 
more melodic and works better book IJaUie/feid farth by L Ron 
with support in a tum medium:' Hubbard who alSo com~ 

Hopkins cites his work on the the music to accompany the 
soundtrack for Tommy as the book. The work on this prqject 
projectthatgave him interest in Introduced Hopkins to 
film work. "I worked 'very electronic imtruments for the 
closely with Pete (Pete first time In performance. "for 
Townsend of The Who) Space.hlzzlplayedacomputer. 
arranging the music so that it What would happen would be 
would fit into the film. It's all that a single note would be 

Nicky Hopkins has gained the 
reputation as one of the best 

Take Charge At D. 

In most jobs, at 22 
you're near the bottom 
of the ladder. 

In the Navy, at 
22 you can be a leader. 
After just 16 weeks 
of leadership training, 
you're an officer. You'll 
have the kind of job 

care of sophisticated 
equipment worth 
millions of dollars. 

It's a bigger chal-
lenge and a lot more 
responsibility than 
most corporations give 
you at 22. The rewards 
are bigger, too. There's 

.. your education and training prepared 
you for, and the decision-making au-
thority you need to make the most of it. 

a comprehensive package of benefits, 
including special duty pay. The starting 
salary is $17,OOO - more than most com-
panies would pay you right out of college. 
After four years, with regular promo-
tions and pay increases, your salary will 
have increased to as much as $31,000. 

As a college graduate and officer 
candidate, your Navy training is geared 
to making you a leader. There is no boot 
camp. Instead, you receive professional 
training to help you build the technical 
and management skills you'll need as a 

As a Navy officer, you grow, through 

Navy officer. 
This training is 

designed to instill 
confidence by first-
hand experience. You 
learn by doing. On 
your first sea tour, 
you 're responsible for 
managing the work of 
up to 30 men and the 

4 Hiatus January 26, 1984 

new challenges, new tests of your skills, 
r ~v~;;O;;:-U-;;T-;- - -:- - -; ;;; 1 
I INFORMATION CENTER I P.O. Box 5000. Clifton, NJ 07015 
I r I 'm ready La take charge . Tell me more about I 

the Navy 'sofficer programs. (001 
I Nome I 
I .~irst. t Plene PriM I L..-t I Add..... Apt ~, __ _ I City Stat.e Zip- I 
I Age tCollege/Ulllv~rsity I 

*Ye.r in College 00 PA I 
14Major/Minor' _________ _ 

I Phone Number tAre. Codtl Belt Time to Call I 
I Thill. fot ~Mr.J rKtullml!nllnrormatlon You do nOlh.~ tofu,. I n.sh anv of the mlormatlon requutad Of COUf'H. the more we know. th~ more ..... e c..n ~Ip to determine t h«ll.1nds of N • ...,y poet L llonA for which you qu.hfy J 
-----------

and new opportunities 
to advance your edu-
cation, including t he 
possibility of at tending 
graduate school while 
you're in the Navy. 

Don't just take a 
job. Become a Navy 
officer, and take charge . . 
Even at 22. 

As one of the recording 
musicians, Nicky Hopkins has 
added a definite sound to the 
pr*cts that he has worked on 
even though it often goes 
uncredited. 

YOUR COUGH 
IS WORTH PlMr;y 

A major drug company is testing 
a new cough medicine, If you have 
a cough due to a cold or acute 

bronchitis, come to 9834 Genesee 
Ave. (next to Scripps Memorial 

Hospital) on Sunday. Juuary 29 
at 7:00 am. Subjects must be at 

least 18 years of age and in 
otherwise perfect health. No 

medications may be taken 24 
hours prior to the testing day. 

$75 will be paid if you qualify. The 
study will take approximately 13 
hours, so bring reading, study or 
other materials. A lV video and 

meals will be provided. The entire 
procedure will be supervised by a 

physician. 
catl 1-436-l988 and ask for 

COUGH STUDY 

" 't o ( ; 
~ 
iL 
4(j-:1-~~CJ:I.. 
Introductory Special 

, wi,II '" .. tid Ollly 

12 Haircuts 
... "" for students 

with selected hairstylists 
rll,tularly ~2 (women), SIll (men) 

-- ----,.--

Nalls 
S,.,tI/JI/ll'lti S(lils. 1'1')1. S /Ii, 111111' $25 
l'i'II.,. /t 'g S:!II. 1If111' .',0 :; 
.\ /il/ll m n.'. )(')1. S i. 1/fJ1I' '.5 
IIi/ it 1111'S. 11K. S/li. 111111 ' oS / 2 
jllln'II, 11111/1. I'IJ(. SJ 1, 111111' $ 12 

H.'J.'() I m(I La Jolla I),.. 
Suit,. //22 

/ ..11 J"l/tI, (i, . 92tJ.'Ii -
all,,,' ,..rpirrJI 2 / I j ill 

• 

New York 
artisfs work 
displayed 

John Pfahl - Power Places. 
an exhibition of approximately 
30 recent color photographs by 
the New York artist, opem atthe 

~ Jolla Museum of Contem-
porary Art Saturday and 
continues through Sunday 
March 4. 

Pfahl's photographs have 
been exhibited in galleries and 
museums throughout the 
United States including 
Princeton University, the San 
francisco Museum of Modem 
Art and the Art Institute of 
Chicago. 

Porter's 'Kiss ItIe, Kate' shines at Globe 

John Pfahl lectures on Power 
Pfaces Thursday, february 2 at 8 
pm In the Museum auditorium, 
providing a brief overview of his 
work with an emphasis on works 
in the current exhibition. Mark 
Johnstone also lectures in 
conjunction with the exhibition, 
speaking on " Landscape as a 
Source of Sensual [xperience," 
Thursday, february 16 at 8 pm. 
JOhnstone is a contributing 
editor to Artweek and Los 
Angeles correspondent for After 
Image. He is also currently 
Series' Content Advisor for the 
Photographic Vision, a 2(}-
program Public Broadcasting 
Service series being produced 
by KOCf-lV, Huntington Beach. 

By JOM rORSBfRG 
The theater. That wildly 

unpredictable world in which 
backstage Intrigue often rivals 
the drama before the footlights 
is captured in Cole Porter's 
musical Kiss Me Kate,currently 
playing at the Old Globe Theatre 
In Balboa Park. 

The 1948 Broadway classic 
has been revived in a daullng 
production by Jack O'6rien, 
artistic director and resident 
genius of the Old Globe. 
Maintaining the original 
structure of the musical. 
O'6rlen has updated the Samuel 
and Bella Spewack libretto to 
engage 1984 audiences. Cole 
Porter's rich and impressive 
score has been spiced with a 
jazzy musical arrangement by 

John DeMain and Henry 
Mollicone. 

Kiss Me Kate is the tale of a 
divorced theatrical couple who 
reunite to play the leading roles 
in a regional theater production 
of Shakespeare's The Taming of 
the Shrew. fred Graham, 
director of a struggling theater 
company, persuades his ex-
wife / ex-leading lady, Lilli 
Vanessi, " the queen of the mini-
series," to take a break from her 
successful television career and 
play Katharine to his Petruchio. 

It is opening night of the 
Shakespeare staging. for fred 
and UIIi, life imitates art. After 
UJIi mistakingly receives the 
nowers fred sent to his current 
name, Lois Lane, the brassy 
Vegas showgirl turned serious 

actress, the onsrage sparring of 
the unruly Kate and her roguish 
husband moves off-stage with 
the stlll-very-much-in-iove ex-
couple. 

Meanwhile, the theater's 
financially desperate business 
manager and stand-in actor, Hill 
calhoun, is pursued by two 
syndicate thugs seeking 
paymentofa debt. Ukeallgood 
musicals, the zany cOll1plica-
tions are resolved In the 
"happily ever after" ending. 

from the show-stopping 
opening tune "Another Op'nin', 
Another Show" to the rousing 
finale reprise of "Brush Up Your 
Shakespeare," this production 
sparkles. Mark Harelik and Ocrln 
Altay as fred / Petruchio and 
Ulli / Katharine sing beautifully, 

FLOATATION TANKS 
• Student Special. ,~ . _ ~ 
2/or I only $a .\, 1"~ 
(Same person) MiINI E • ....-. rr. --.;;J, \~~ 
10 sessions only $70 ~Str_ R .... c:ias~ I I ::.:fP ... ~ '._ ( I ) Self Clarity . '--'~,)o. ,--

!!porta -asery ' ':' ___ _ 

battle boisterously and recite 
the Shakespeare eloquently. As 
Kate, Altay is hilarious, 
throwing around a life-size 
dummy in her gutsy musical 
confession. "I Hate Men:' 

joining the principal actors is 
an exuberant supporting 
company of singers and 
dancers. 

Robert Morgan 's brightly 
colored costumes and Richard 
Seger's revolving set 
transporting the audience from 
the backstage of a regional 
theater to the Padua streets of 
Shakespeare's Shrew adorn this 
marvelous production, The Old 
Globe has scored another hit. 

Kiss /'fe. Kate plays through 
february 12. for ticket 
information, call 239-2255. 

The ~ Jolla Museum of 
Contemporary Art, a non-profit 
institution devoted to the 
exhibition and preservation of 
contemporary art, is located at 
700 Prospect Street in La Jolla. 
hours are 10 amoS pm Tuesday 
through friday and 12:3(}-5:00 
pm Saturday and Sunday. The 
Museum is closed Monday. 

General admission is $2; 
students and seniors $1; 
children five to twelve sot; 
members and children under 
five years are admitted free. 

for information call (619) 
454-0267. 

two peop e lAft·Ri!llat Brill. lategratio. \CJ1d' ~ a ':--
---~JohD·David LEARNING INSTITUTE---- .. , ..... rate wiI ••• dlereaPlJ eqJoJUle!' 1IJ:j!§:J---------270-4900 Padfic Beach 

Private Rooms • Showers . Hygenic Conddions .... 
lOam·8pm M·F; lOam-5pm Sat Visa . Maslercharge . Checks ... 

1 9 8 3 8 4 SEA SON 
I--------M.mdell We l ~s Center .Ind UCSD The,II"'-------I 

Love's Labour's Lost 
Feb. 16- 19. 23-26, & 29 - M,lr. 3 

Venice Preserved and 
The Playboy of the 

Western World 
M,lr. 8-17 (P/(IYHlg 011 ,,/tcnwtc 

l ' \'cllings with IlW ti IICC .' 0 11 
M"rchl O &. 11). 

We iss Ce nler Ticke l Office: 

452-4574 

Hopscotch & 
The Lover 
Fcbru.uy L - of 

A 
L 
S 
o The Tooth of Crime 

Fdmi.1rY 8 - I 2 

I ICkl'(:, .11:;l) ,11 '.III .I hlc .It 
I II kC l nlll ,lIld ;"tudCIl{ Ccntl'r 

Btlx L1 l1lcc. 

NEW )OR}( TIMES 

"A film that explodes into a major delight. Ferocious, 
Compassionate and Funny!" \IDR!lV andSATtJROt.yREvJEW 

" ... sophisticated, beautifully acted, intelligently written:' 
NEW ){)RK POST 

'~ .. A witty comedy with bittersweet bite . . :' 
NEWSWEEK 

EXCLUSIVE EIlGAIEMEIT 

1:15' 3:30' 5:41 '1:011' 10:10 

January 26, 1984 nWu 5 



-- .... _ ... " ... ~"1'! .... . __ ... _ .. _ .. _ .... . ....... fI ......... ~. ·· .· ·· .. -···· .... ······"·· •• .- , 

'Reuben' is 
all cbarm 
and comedy 

By lAI'fCt: Bt:RMRD 
British actor Tom Conti gives 

a sterling performance In 
Reuben, Reuben. an acerblcly 
charming portrait of a 
carousing poet's sojourn to 
America. 

Conti, a veteran of stage, 
screen and television, bnngs to 
life Gowan McGland, an 
acclaimed Scottish poet 
stricken by wrlter's block and 
excessive drinking. Now 
relegated to women's club 
lectures. his lifestyle generates 
more attention than his work: 
He niches tips from restaurant 
tables, Invites himself to 
dinners and parties and woos 
every woman within eyeshot. 

McGland's life changes when 
romance blooms between 

Assorted Vinyi Report 
Top five Sales 
I, Laming to Crawl 11Ie I'rellenden WBR 
2. Rebel Yell Blly Idol CHR YS 
3. Touch furytb.u RCA 
4. Strip AdaJII AlIt COL 
5. Color by Numbets Culture aub COL 'r 
Top five Imports 
1. XTC JIIu ... r Import 
2. JIfonsoon 11IIrd fye f.nlgma 
3. OIbatel Voluite ne CnIc:ldon flektra 
4. SUicidal Tendencies Sulddal Tendeades AMI 
5. lcho ~ the Bunnymen l1li'" JIIOOII (12-) mport 

himself and Geneva Spofford. a 
younger woman played by lively 
newcomer Kelly McGillis. The 
pillar of strength In Gowan's 
desperate. deceitful existence. 
Geneva adores his wry wit and 
clumsy chann but cannot save 
him from his own abyss. 

Conti portrays the boozy bard 

with a sparkling guile only 
accomplished performers can 
achieve. 

Reuben. Reuben, like Its 
central character, emits charm 
and pathos with a bittersweet 
comic touch. By all means. this 
tactile, sparkling plctureshoukl 
not be OVerlooked. 

Dance rhythms are 
theme of jazz evening 

The San Diego Jazz festival member ofthe highly acclaimed 
presents an evening of World Saxophone Quartet, 
International Dance Rhythms In Oliver Lake has added yet 
Jazz. featuring Brazilian another dimension to his music. 
songstress flora Purim. His new album. ffug It. on 
together with percussionist Gramavfslon has been described 
AIrto. on Sunday. January 29. at as a blend of distinctive l"Iew 
8 pm at the Rodeo In La Jolla. York funk. Jamaican reggae. 

After a three-year hiatus. AfrIcan rhythms and jau. 
flora and AJrto return to San International Dance Rhythms 
Diego with a new show In Jazz Is being presented as a 
Incorporating the samba dance-ruslon show. Influenced 
rhythms of their native Rio. by such varied world musics. the 
BackIng them up for this dance- performance promises to get 
ooncat will be their hot new all- the ground underneath your feet 
Brazilian group. Steps of moving. 
Imagination. featuring Sergio Tickets for the concat-dance 
Bnndao on bass and Paul are $8 and are available at the 
Uebennan on ftute. Rodeo. located on the corner of 

joining flora and Alrto for ' I..a Jolla Village and Villa LaJoIIa 
this International evening of DrIve. and at all Ticketron 
dance will be renowned alto locatlOlL!. 
saxophonist Oliver Lake and his for further Information call 
band. Jump Up. A founding 459-1404. 

MAJOR STUDIO SNEAK PREVIEW 
FRmAY, JANUARY :1 7 AT 8:00 P.M. 

Business and 
Technical Majors 
Highly responsible positions 
for college seniors and 
graduates (through age 34) in 
financial and logistic support. 
The Navy Supply Corps needs 
highly qualified, dynamic 
individuals to lead and 
manage large inventory and 
financial networks. Salary 
$18,500 to start, $34,000 after 
4 years. Excellent benefits 
package. Need BAIBS, U.S. 
citizenship. Call Naval 
Management Programs, 293-
6746,8 am - 4 pm, Monday 
through Wednesday_ 

UA GlASSHOUSE 
315& Sports Arena Blvd. 223·25.& 

TICKETS WILL BE ON SALE AT &:00 P.M. FRIDAY NIGHT. 
THEATRE Will BE CLEARED BEFORE THE SIIEAK . AEOULAR FEATURE Will BE SHOWII AFTER THE SIIEAK. 

6 lliatus January 26, 1984 

RECYCLE 
THE 

GUARDIAN 

F 0 R OIV~ R i.inPi 
1" HE F ~ S 

I ~I A iN'D R I .. IL A S T o· r R 
IN D 

., 
P R E .e ~ R .4 r I 0 IN S 

T 
ACROSS DOWN 

, lSAI , VAl , NM8 9 GRE psvrH 
2 GMAI 10 100H 2Vlll 10 CRE 81 0 
HAr 11 '~AI 3 {C, Me. II ACHIEVEM(N IS 
4 MeAl 12 P~AI 4 HEX If NUR'ING ijO~ 
5 Dill 13 ' AI S NOB 13 CPA 
, MAl 14 Atl , NPB I 14 SPEE D RE AOIN(, 
7 ptAI IS M,~ P 7 NCH I IS ESI REVIEW 
I O(.AI I rul N~, 16 INIRO 10 

LAw,umOl 

ClASSES ON CAMPUS 

~-fl lUI N I' 
EDUCATIONAL CENTER , 

,I I,· f , .1\,,\'1'1'0 , ., 

Son Diego Center 
2180 Gamet Ave., Suite 2D 
Pacific Beach 92109 . 
(619) 270~a10 
M L McNulty. AdministratOl' 

-

The UCSD Department of 
Drama presenU two one-act 
plays, IIop.scotch by Israel 
Horovitz and The Lover by 
Harold Pinter. nightly at 8 pm 
february 1. 2. 3, and 4. The 
Evening of One-AcU wOI be 
staged In the studio Theater, 
Building 409 Small. Tickets are 
available at the door only for $1. 

Directed by members of the 
Professional Theater Training 
program at UCSD. the plays take 
two entirely different 
approaches In exploring the 

complexity of human 
relatkmhlps - bow strangers 
beaMne pIIItDm and lovers 
become antagonists - with 
some very startUng resolutions. 
lIopscotch will be directed by 
Chrb Matheson and features 
Thomas Glynn and Mariangelo 
Plno as the players In this 
poignant tale set In the park of a 
small New ~ngland town. 
Bartholomeus J. Lymberg 
directs Plnter's The Lover. about 
a young married couple that has 
designed their own unique way 
of relating to each other, played 
by r.rlk Onate and Dianna Berry. 

for further Information call 
the Drama Department at 452-
3793 or the Weiss Center Ticket 
Off1ce.open dally 4:30 pm -6:30 
pm. at 452-4574. Tickets are 
available at the door only. 

• • • 

flute and plano will be in 
harmony with John fonville, 
flutist. and Cecil Lytle. pianist. 
friday at 8 pm In Mandeville 
Recital Hall. 

l"Iew sounds from around the 
globe will be heard: flight for 
flute and piano. by Stuart 
Smith; Domain for solo flute. by 

students and $5.50 to the 
general public. Tickets are 
available at the Aztec Center 
Box Omce. aJl Tlcketron outlets 
and Off-The-Record. for more 
Information call 265-6947 or 
265-6362. 

• • • 

New York composer-
performer Scott Johnson will 
present a rock and roll and 
classical concert Incorporating 
solo electric guitar synthesized 
with manipulated vocal 
material on Saturday. february 
4. at Sushi at 8 pm. 

a.t AIIIck .... '£.1_ rudE .... I'Iom tile 
I'klrUlwat will be In SIn DIego tonight to support 
their latest album. l"auionwol1c& Lead by the 
Wlbon sJsters, vocalist Ann and guitarist "-ncy. 
tile group has two new members - bus"t Mark 
Andes and drummer Denny C'.armassl. 

Heart had a string or hits In late '70s with songs 
like "Banacuda." "MagIc Man," and "UttIeQueen" 
and their first six albums went platinum. The show 
starts at 8 pm at the fox 11Ieatre. nckets are 
$13.75 and $l5. for more Information call 483-
6339. 

Johnson will present two tape 
and electric guitar pieces. "John 
Somebody" and "1"10 Memory." 
In "John Somebody" a girl's 
volce-laughlng.Js repeated. 
electronically J'IIaQlpulatecl for 
pitch and rhythmic content arnd 
mixed on a multitrack tape 
machine to become a 
symphonic poem when 
accompanied and hannonlzed 
with an electric guitar. "1"10 
Memory," also for solo electric 
guitar and tape. features both 
Instrumental and manipulated 
vocal material and Is the most 
recent of Johnson's new 
vernacular classical music. 

UCSD composer Jojl Yuasa; 
Piece for flute Solo with Tape 
Accompaniments. by William 
Defotls; and fonville's Music for 
SanUt. Interpreted with verve by 
the two Music Department 
faculty artists. 

Admission Is $1 (scholarship 
fund,. Tickets are available at 
the door. for Information call 
452-3229. 

••• 

The UCSD Department of 
Drama presents Sam Shepard's 
Tooth of Crime In the UCSD 
Theatre located on Rupertus 
Way. The play will run february 
8-11 at 8 pm and february 12 at 
7 pm. 

The Tooth of Crime is a rock 
and roll play directed by Jon 
Dichter. with live music 
provided by The Mirrors. It Is set 

In an unspecified future where 
rock stars are markers who 
battle each other for turf, which 
they win by killing each other. 
This killing happem not with 
bullets but style. The goal of 
every rising rocker Is to make It 
to the top of the charts. to 
number one. 

Tickets are $3 and available 
In advance at the Untverslty 
[vents Ticket Office, located In 
tht' UCSD Student Center. at all 
Ticketron outlets and at the 
UCSD Theatre Ticket Office. 
Seating Is unreserved. for 
information please call 452-
4574. 

• • • 

l"Iaive Painting. an exhlb n 
of 89 paintings by 2 
contemporary artists from the 
federal Republic of Germany. 

will be on view at the Mandeville 
Art Gallery february 4 through 
March 4. 

There will be a preview 
reception on friday. february 3, 
from 6 to 8 pm. This exhibition 
Is sponsored by the Goethe 
Institute In Los Angeles. A 
catalogue is available. 

Gallery hours are noon to 5 
pm. Tuesday through Sunday. 
There Is no admission cbarge. 

free parking is available on 
weekends. for additional 
Information call 452-2864. 

••• 

Heavy metal comes at last to 
the Backdoor with Dokken. 
Dokken will play one show only 
at 9 pm on Wednesday. Opening 
the show will be local metal 
artists Prowler. 

TicJsets are $4.50 for SDSU 

• • • 

The Pas de Deux from Giselle, 
"The Wedding" from the 
Sleeping lJeauty ballet and 
John Philip Sousa's Promenade 
ballet highlight an afternoon 
program of ballet presented by 
the Stage 7 Dance Company for 
a &nlors program at the La 
Jolla Museum of Contemporary 
Art Tuesday. January 31. at 2 pm 
in Sherwood Auditorium, 

Admission to the monthly 
Senior program Is $1. The 
Museum Is located at 700 
Prospect Street in La Jolla at the 
intersection of Silverado Street. 
It can be reached by Bus #34. 
for Information call 454-3541. 

,---------- 10% OFF COUPON ----------.. 
Alpine Ski Rentals : 

UCSD's : 
Rental Specialists : 

• We use the SENSATIONAL BURT RETRACTABLE BINDING I 
• Over 550 sets of equipment I 
• Advanced RESERVATIONS for ANY DATEduring the season on : 

two day rentals or longer I 
• Complete CLOTHING RENTAl depanment I 
• All accessories DISCOUNTED Mission Bay AmI I 

Slal£ Collq~ Ana apa. 12 11lIOII 10 9 p.m. 4138 Napier SI. I 
5971 EI Cdjon Blvd. (of! Mor-.na Blvd) I 
(2 bkxk.< ""'" 01 C<~leg<) / (JUst So of Cl1Y Ch"'role,) I 

287-9040 MASTERCARD VISA 276-9623 ~ _________________________________ J 

GET·· ACTIVE 
TODAY, • NOT THE DAY AFTER 

Q 
•• '.Hle 

Fol' 
"uolaar ,." •• ,. 

Name _____________ _ 
Add~ ______________________ ___ 

L~ --Short -Men'ssz Sml-Med--Lrg ---><-Iro _ 

GET·&·ACTIVE 
a MUTANTS FOR 
NUCLEAR POWER 

T-sHIRTS ONLY: 
$10.95' LONG SLEEVE 
$8.95- SHORT SlEM 

Red lettering on 10Q1, 
Cotton Yellow Shirts. 

Style selection: 
#1 __ 
#2 __ 
#3 __ 

..... -------SEND CHECK OR MONEY ORDBI ,0:----------1 
Luck-r Arts EnterprI ... PO Bole 12141 . La Jolla, Co. 92037-0610 

-Include $1.00 shirt for &: handII satlsfactton nle«l Of 

January 26, 1984 nlldu 7 



Volume 10 Number 7 

Student Health 
Advocate News 

SHA'. pre.ent Birth Control 
Information Seuion 
Bring your questions, your lunch, and your 
friends to the Student Health Service's Birth 
Control Info Sessions. The Sessions include 
info on SHS's Women 's Clinic, 
Reproductive Health , Birth Control and 
Sexuality. They run every Tuesday and 
Wednesday, 12 noon to 1 p.m. at the 
Student Health Center. Call x2669 or 2180 
for more information. 
SHA'. open Self Care Centen Winter 

~~ . 
Stay healthy this quarter! Visit SHS's three 
Self£are Centers, designed to help you learn 
more about your health. The Cold Care, 
Skin Care and Blood Pressure centers will 
open Mon, Jan 23 and are open Monday 
through Friday, 9-12 and 1-3. For more 
information call x2419. 

Career Planning 
& Placement Info 
Upcoming Workshops! 
SummeT loln--How To Get One; Thursday, 
Jan. 26, 2:00 pm, North Conference Room. 
Decision Making and Goal Setting In 
Your Career; Thursday, Feb. 2, 2:00 pm, 
North Conference Room. 
Career Paths in Medicine; Wednesday, 
Feb. IS, 4:00 pm, 1105 BSB. 
Resume Writing; Wednesday, Feb. I, 
11:00 am, (Revelle Formal Lounge), 
Tuesday, Feb. 7, 11:00 am, (Revelle Formal 
Lounge), Wednesday, Feb. 8, 10:00 am, 
(Revelle Formal Lounge), Monday , Feb. 13, 
3:00 pm, (Revelle Informal Lounge), 
Wednesday, Feb. 22, 2:00pm, (Revelle 
Formal Lounge), and Friday, March 2, 
10:00am (Revelle Formal Lounge). 
l~ng Skills; Wednesday, Jan. 25, 
3:00 pm, Thursday, Jan. 26, 1~:00 am, 
Monday, Jan. 3D, 10:00 am, Wednesday, 
Feb. 8, 1:00 pm, and Thursday, Feb. 16,2:00 
pm,(Revelle Formal Lounge). 

There are also more workshops being 
offered! For more info, call CPP, x3750. 

A.S.I.O. 
The Associated Students Internship 

Office (A.S.l.O.) provides internship 
opportunities at the local, state, and national 
levels for both grduate and undergraduate 
students at UCSD. Our program enables 
students to take their education beyond the 
university and integrate classroom 
knowledge with practical experience. 

Especially exciting for the Summer of 
1984 are the Washington D.C.lnternships, 
which will give many students the 
opportunity to get involved in the political 
activities of election year. In addition, the 
A.S.l.O. offers internships with Scripps 
Institute of Oceanography, University 
Hospital , Marc Berman concerts, and many 
others. 

The deadline to apply for Spring and 
Summer Internships is approaching. Apply 
now at the A.S.l.O., located in the Student 
Center above the gameroom, or call 452-
4689. 

8 nlMu January 26, 1984 

Winter Quarter 

SPOTLIGHT ON· 
Phil Papadopoulos 

Phil Papadopoulos is an AMES major from Houston, Texas 
family tradition by going to Revelle. 

Phil is the fourth brother to attend Revelle. His three older brothers have met with 
incredible success after graduation; Greg is in a PhD program at MIT, Steve is a neurosurgery 
resident in Ann Arbor, Michigan, and Nick received a PhD from Harvard in systems control 
and now works in San Francisco for a communications firm. 

Phil, as one might expect, is no slouch in the achievement department. He is serving his 
second year on the Revelle Curriculum Review Committee, is a grader for the math 
department, a soccer referee and player, and a scuba diver currently doing research on sand 
movement in Scripps Canyon. 

Phil thinks Revelle is "great", and thinks the foreign language requirement is one ohhe 
best parts of the curriculum. His brothers, he says, were impressed with the preparation they 
received for higher education here. All three enjoyed Revelle. 

Phil and his family are a good example, as he puts it, of "higher education run amok". 
They can also serve as an inspiration to those of us who wonder about the value of a Revelle 
education. 

~~,.....~Around the Plaza ........ ..-...... 
Monday, January 23 .. Applications avai a e or 

Orientation Leader, '84 .. '85, in Revelle Dean's 
Office. 

Thursday, January 26 .. Noon Concert on the Plaza 
Saturday, January 28 .. Battle of the Bands, Revelle 

Cafeteria. 
Monday, January 30 .. Noon Concert on the Plaza; 

««Out of Bounds". 
Thursday, February 2 .. Revelle Talent Show .... 

Revelle Cafeteria, 8:00 p.m. 
Thursday, February 2 .. Brown Bag Lunch with 

Howard Hunt, Chair of P.E. Department. 
UNutrition &. Exercise". Sign up in the 
Community Center. 

Monda , Februa 4 .. UWar Il)es", USB 2722 
Revelle Commuter Survey 
Commuters! Welcome back to UCSD for Winter Q.1arter. The Revelle Commuter 
Advisory Board is hard at work determining the needs of its constituents ... you, the Revelle 
Commuter. Below is a survey the Board has designed. We need you, the Commuters, to 
answer these questions to help our Board direct its efforts to understand and actualize 
commuter concerns. We have tried to spice up the survey a little (take a gander at question 
#81) with interesting questions, but please answer the other questions seriously. Please 
return the completed survey to the Revelle Commuter Lounge or the Revelle Dean's Office 
as soon as possible. (Deadline is Feb. 5th.) Thanks! 
1. Class Level : F So Jr Sr la.Residency: San Diego 
Local Newly Established Resident Commuters. 
2. Have you ever lived in the dorms? yes no 
3. Do you read Revellations! always sometimes never 
4. Do you feel that you have places to go for needed information? yes no 
5. If so, where do you get this information? 

6. What types of informatior) are you lacking? 

7. Do you feel wn ellegd yes no 
8. Have you ever been sex attracted to a tree? yes no 
9 . If so, would you kllow w erCi!'> w:> fot-b;clpl yes no 
10. Who is the Coll4Jt ProY Dean? 
11. Do you care? ~ 
12. Do you go to on-dlmpl¥ 
13. Do you want to go to t~ Il'vC'NJl 
14. What events,j{.-v~ waWd you 

15. Do you make 
Office, Oasis, ...... ~er 
16. If so, how C111111d1l never 
17. Do you fe 
18. If not, what ~Ml.;iliti~)4flt9 

20. Please list the last five digits of your student number __________ _ 

Thank you for your time. A stated earlier, the results of this survey will be used by the 
mmuter Advisory Board to determine areas for student advocacy and input to the 

College Council, committees, administration, and faculty . We will publish the results in 
RLwllalwns before the end of Winter Quarter. If you have any qUl-stions or concerns 
regarding this surveyor simply about commuter Hfe, the Commuter Advisory Board meets 
on Fridays from 3-4pm starting January 27. All commuters are welcome! 

Revelle Battle of 
the Bands 

This Saturday. January 2&h. ReveUe Cafe 
will be transformed into a happenin' dance 
party as the :md Annual Battle 0/ the Bands 
takes place beginning at 8:00 pm. 

The Battle of the Banda was orjpudly 
intended to choose a group for the Revelle 
Semi-formal. This year, however, the 
purpose is to abowcase local talent while 
putting on an enjoyable dance. 

Admiuion is 504 this year, and UCSD lD 
is required for admiuion (howev~, lUesu of 
UC studenta will be admitted). 

Revelle Yearbook 
Sales 

There are leu than 75 copies of the 1983-
8-' yearbook left. It has 64 .,.s, spot color. 
a hard cover, and hundred. of photqp'aphs. 
If you want a copy, you had better hurry! 
Thqo are on sale now at the ~eUe Prova.t 
Office (see Diane or Angie) for $11.00 while 
supply luta. 

If you bought a yearbook last year, you can 
stiU pick it up at the Revelle Provost Office 
(see Diane). 

-
-

-.., 

College Bowl.' 
Congratulations to the followina .Allege 
Bowl team members: 

Paul Beroza 
Mitch Ludwin 
Steve Crupi 
and Brian 


