
R£VELL£ 
COLLEGE 

~ i II 

MurR 
COlLEGE 

CA HIER 



Students assaulted on a college 
campus can coUecI damages from that 
college If they can show that d angerous 
condillons on campus conmbuted to 
the cnme the state upreme Court ruled 
on ::,cptember 6 

The 'ourt unanimously reinstated a 
SUI[ bv Kathleen Peterson, a student at 
the San FranCISCo City College, claiming 
Ihat il man attacked and tried to rape 
her while , he was climbing a stairway 
dunng dayhght hours In the college 
parkmg 101 In A.pn l 1978 

Peterson ~ued for phYSical and 
emononal harm, saying that conditions 
In the parking lot were partly 
responsible for her InJunes. The suit 
argued that the man Jumped from 
behInd some "unreasonably thick and 
untnmmed tohage and trees ., II also 
cla imed thaI the coUege offiCials knew 
that there ~ad een sim ilar attacks on 
the same stairway in the past. 

The college ~ failure to trim ItS trees 
adequa tely IS Jcco rdlng to the Supreme 
Co urt ruhng .. 1 Vlolatlon of Ihe public 
\.'ollege!> duty 0 maintaIn safe 
condmon> lor ItS students , much as 
private bUSiness have a responsibility to 
proVide ~k ..:ondltlons for their 
customers. 

"In the closed environment of a 
school campu!>, where students pay 
tumon and olher fees In exchange for 

sing the facllllles, where they spend a 
significant portion of their time and may 
In fact hve, they can reasonably expect 
that the premises Will be free from 
phYSical delects and that school 
authOrities Will also exercise reasonable 
care to keep the campus free from 
condltlons which increase the risk of 
crime," Justlce Allen Broussard wrOte . 

Broussard noted that state laws makes 
government agencies liable for Injuries 
caused by "dangerous conditions ," and 
that, In some cases . thiS can include 
danger from criminals. 

o 
Dr. Margaret Burbidge, one of the 

world 's leading astronomers and a 
professor of physics at UCSD, has been 
appoInted by the UC Regents to the 
distinguished posi tion of University 
Professor. 

Chancellor Ric hard AtkInson said in 
July, "This ts a splend id appointment. 
Margaret Burbidge is an outstanding 
scie ntist and teacher. she is deeply 
dedicated to the work o f the University, 
and she is a fitting successor to Harold 
Urey, UCSD's first Untversity Professor. 
The University Professorship is 
deSigned to allow all nine campuses of 
the University to share in the special 
talents of scholars of international 

distinction who are also teachers of 
exceptional ability I can think of no 
one in the University more deserving 
than Margaret Burbidge." 

Burbidge has been a UCSD fa ulty 
member since 1964 and director of 
UCSD's Center for AstrophysiCS smce 
1979. Her topiCS of astronomical 
research have included a range of 
subjects from nucleosynthesis to the 
nature of quasars and the properties of 
galaxies. Burbidge is also former 
president of both the American 
Astronomical Society and the Amencan 
Association for the Advancement of 
Science. 

Vice Chancellor for Academic Affairs 
Harold Ticho was also pleased by the 
announcement: "I'm absolutely delighted 
by this recognition . Dr. Burbidge IS an 
outstandi ng SCientiSt In the field of 
observational astronomy, and is 
pamcularly noted for her conmbutions 
to our understanding of quasars. ThiS IS 
a much-deserved recognition, and all of 
us at UCSD are proud to have her on 
our faculty. 

o 
The days of picnics ruined by hordes 

of marauding ants may soon be ove r, 
thanks to research conducted at UC 
Riverside and , in part , thanks to the 
heads of termlles. 

. Scientists at UCR are expenme ntlng 
wllh a chemical that emulates the 
substance that soldier te rnutes secrete 
from their heads to ward ofT Invading 
ants from the nest. The substance IS 
apparently offenSive enough to ants to 
cause them to tum around and go 
home . It IS nO!, however, toxic to ants 
or other hvmg things, and the UCR 
scientists believe it will be safe for use 
around humans and domestic animals. 

The substance could be used to 
surround a reas with a kind of chemical 
moat tha t would keep ants out. 

More important to the UCR 
researchers than the nuisance an ts 
create in p ic nic areas is the $25 mill ion 
annual loss in crops caused by the 
aphids and scales that the ants cultivate 
as food , especially in citrus trees. 

Accord ing to UCR entomologist 
Michael Rust, who initated the research, 
"We think the con'cept of repellent 
barriers will begin to replace the idea of 
killing ants with pesticides. The 
repellents will be formulated to la!ll 
longer than they do in nature. Because 
they offer an effective form of behavior 
modification, we bdieve they will be 
more effective for the money than 
poisons, which ants learn to avoid ." 

When they are not invading picnic 
baskets or creating a problem in citrus 

~---------~----------~ 

FALL ORIENTATION ISSUE 

Cover: UCSD, as seen through the scrambling of 
Welcome Week (which this year is a Welcome Three 
Days). Bienvenidos a UCSD. 
News: Orientation stories on parking, off-campus housing, 
campus police, library computerization , and getting off campus. 

Opinions: A UCSD Carol, plus an introductory Letter from the 
Editor, and a final look back on ASUCSD '83-'84. 

Perspectives: A look at the four colleges, a ramble through the 
campus, what's gone on since you left San Diego, and the return of 
"the writer's i." 

Sports: An Olympic d iary, a look at the first-place Padres, and a 
handy-dandy, tear-it-out schedule of intercollegiate events for the 
quarter. 

hiatus: UCSD's arts and entertainment supplement rerurns with 
a look at UCSD theater, the Mandeville An Gallery, the Drama 
Department's debut, local movies, and San Diego opera, plus 
another handy tear-out, the Ans Index. 

COVER ILLUSTRA nON BY MARK BAILEY 

groves, ants play an important role in 
the environment, project assistant 
Rudolf Scheffrahn sa id . Along wllh 
te rmites, they are a major force in 
breaking down dead vegetation , 
contribunng nutrients to the soil and 
aerating it. 

o 

The UCSD Guardian office was 
temporarily closed Friday, September 7, 
through Sunday, September 9, due to a 
mishap that involved both the campus 
police depanment and the Department 
of Health and Safety. 

Three Guardian staff members were 
defrosting the office refrigerawr by 
chiseling 011 blocks of ice with a 
hammer and screwdriver. when the 
freezer wall was accidentally ruptured. A 
stream of noxious orange fluid 

immediately began w pour out, irritating 
the noses, lungs and eyes of the 
employees and subsequently forcing 
them to evacuale the premises and 
contact the police. 

Upon explanation of the incident, the 
police officer who took the repon 
remarked, "If you had asked your 
mother. she would have wid you that it 
Idefrosting with a screwdriverl doesn't 
work." 

A representative of the Depanment of 
Heahh and Safety closed off the 
Guardian (the incident did not affect 
the Che Cafe next door), explaining 
that the ollendma substance, carbon 
disulfide. should dissiplre over the 
weekend. which it did. I 

Th~re were no repcxud injuries or 
deaths . . . except b the ce&igerator. 

-SaDW", 

Monday, Sept 17, 1984 3 
Ne~ 

• ~ • -)ok' , • ~'." ~ .' 
:.:. .. m,c .. _.~) 

Another crisis? 

On-campus parking to remain tight 
By PHil WlllON. News Editor 
"T HE BEST THINGS in life are 

free," once said an ignorant 
optimist who never had to 

park his car at UCSD. Reality dictates 
d ifferently, as does the Parking and 
Transit Systems Office. Although there is 
free parking on the streets tha t surround 
the campus, mos t students find it more 
convenient to pay for a parking permit 
and avoid the hassle of parking two 
miles away or refilling a meter every two 
hours . 

The cost for permits will remain the 
same as it was last year. For a car it will 
run $67.50 per year; for a motorcycle , 
moped, or scooter students must pay 
$40 per year. 

With this , students are allowed to 
park in any of the campus-wide OS" 
(student) parking lots, including a new 
one that just opened near the Warren 
dorms and another by the Institute of 
the Americas building just nonh of 
Third College. Combined, these 
additional lots will add more than 400 
additional "S" spaces. 

New students should be aware that 
their "SO permits are not valid in any of 
the "A," "B," selVice vehicle , 
handicapped (unless authorized), or 
metered spaces. If found in these areas 
students will most likely receive a ticket. 

There will be a grace period during 
the first week of classes to allow 
students time w purchase parking 
pennits at the Central Cashier's Ollice . . 
During this week, people without 
pennits are allowed to park in any "S" 
lot. By Monday, September 24, the grace 
period ends, and tickets will be issued 
to illegally parked vehicles. 

Because permits are not required in 
this initial period, there will be a greater 
number of students wanting to park on 
campus, resulting in a temporary 
flooding of student lots. 

"It absolutely creates a pandemonium 
situation ," warned Parking AdministratOr 
Carole Rains. "It's just one of those 
things you have to live through; we all 
go through it eventually." 

An alternative to buying a private 
sticker for a car would be purchaSing a 
special dashboard permit which may be 
shared among several cars. For 
commuters this is a way to cut costs 
and aUow friends or roommates an 
opportunity to use the permit with their 
own cars. 

If one is interested in ~shon-term 
parking permit only, the Parking Office 
sells month Hfrmits for $15, week 
permits for $7, and day pennits for $2. 
Quaner permits are not offered. For 
quaner parking, students must buy a 
year penn it at full cost, and then return 
it for a refund on the unused portion. 

The Parking Office also offers a 
special car pooling matching service, 
along with free bus passes, good on any 

Additional spaces in the new Warren parking lot will help to offset expected increased student demand Jor parking this year. 

line traveling to or from the campus. 
Students should be warned that when 

buying a permit there is no guarantee 
that there will be a space open. It is 
University policy to oversell student 
parking by up to 15%. This means there 
will be approx imately 5,200 students 
trying w park in 4,800 spaces. 

"Student pennits are usually oversold 
at a rate of 15%," explained Rains, "the 
premise for that being that all the 
people aren't here at the same time." 

During some heavy days last year, 
several permit holders were forced to 
drive all around campus while searching 
for a vacant spot. and some eve-" had w 
venture off campus w find one. Both 
actions made students late for classes 
and created unnecessary anxiety. 

"What makes it inadequate is that 
people cannot necessarily park 
conveniently where they want to be ," 
commented Parking Coordinator Harold 
Finnecyon the situation last year. "On 
any day there are empty parking spaces 
on this campus, but they are either up 
on John Hopkins Drive or over by the 
Warren Apartments." 

Finnecy went on to suggest that 
students plan ahead and arrive early to 
avoid a nail-biting search five minutes 
before their lectures stan. 

For those students without permits, 
there are metered spaces in almost every 
lot, usually with a four-hour time limit. 
Due to a shortage of faculty parking. 
some of the meters have been convened 
into "A" spaces. a decision that was 
made to address professors' needs. 

"We feel more committed w pennit 
holders than we do to visitors and 
people who use the melers," said 
Finnecy. A minor consolation to meter 
users was the addition of more meters 
in the lot between the Registrar's Office 
and the Bookstore. These will better 
enable students to tun qukk errands 
without spending their time parking. 

Then there are always those times 

when all the spaces in the lot are full , or 
one is late for a test and decides to risk 
a ticket by parking in the nearest space 
possible. Last yeat alone more than 
40,000 parking tickets were issued to 
people in these situations. The fines 
range from $5 to $50, and the 
University generates enough money 
from these to enable them to offer 
students free bus passes, operate a free 
shuttle bus between the Medical School 
and the UCSD Medical Center in 
Hillcrest, and organize van pooling 
prograrrts for University employees. 

For those students who ignore the 
fines , the amount doubles after 20 days. 
If still not paid, the Depanment of 
Motor Vehicles (DMV) will be notified to 
hold the car's registration until 
restitution has been made. 

If a penn it is lost or stolen, a student 
must obtain a copy of the application 
from the Parking Office and then 
contact the campus police department. 
A new permit will be issued at a cost of 
$10. 

The campus police are very proficient 
when it comes to stolen permits. 

recovering 70-80% of them. Police 
Sergeant Robert Jones warned that 
students caught with "hot" permits will 
answer to stolen property charges. 

"People think we'll never find a stolen 
permit in that ocean of cars-but they're 
wrong. we do," Jones said. 

Jones also wanted students who 
choose w park in the two new parking 
lots by Warren and Third to be aware 
that, because they are so far from the 
main campus, there is a higher risk of 
possible personal attacks and car or 
stereo thefts. He went on to recommend 
that students using these areas at night 
should take advantage of the escon 
service ollered through the police 
depanment. . 

"They're a long ways away, and there's 
a lot of bushes surrounding those areas," 
Jones warned. 

The section of North Torrey Pines 
Road beyond the University Extension 
buildings is also a high crime area. 
Although it may be the only spot 
available for those without permits , 
campus police urge students not to park 
.there . ~ 

Personal parking space: $1 
Imagine having a free reserved 

parking space anywhere on campus 
you desire. The Muir College 
Council will be selling tickets all 
week to give one lucky student that 
once-in-a-Iifetime opponunity. 

Somehow, the Council convinced 
the Parking and Transportation 
Systerrts OITice to sell them a spot to 
be chosen by the winner of the Muir 
College Reserved Parking Space 
Drawing. 

The event is open to an UCSD 
students at a cost of one dollar per 

ticket, or five dollars lor seven. The 
student picked will be able to 
procure any space of his or her 
chOOSing, wheth,.r it be in an A, B, or 
S lot (the only exception being the 
Urey Hall area). 

The drawing will be held during a 
noon concen at the Muir lower quad 
on Friday. September 28. 

Tickets are being sold ai MOM 
and outside the Registrar'S Office. If 
the winner already has a pennit, the 
Parking Office will give a full refund 
of the money paid. 

Students find OASIS in academic desert 
By KEllEY NEAL 

College courses can be frustrating: A 
student can go to lecture, go to section, 
and study the textbook but still may be 
confused about a formula, concept or 
skill. To assure that no UCSD student is 
forced to deal with this or any other 
learning problems alone, OASIS (Ollice 
of Academic Support and lnstructlonal 
Services) offers tutoring, group studies 
and workshops at its four campus 
locations. 

OASIS Underground , found at the 
Humanities Library room 1254. 
specializes in the science and math 
fields, including economics, 
biochemistry, phYSICS, and electrical 
engineering and computer scie nce 
(EECS). Tutors are available o n a d rop-
in baSIS fo r most lower-div ision courses 

and some upper-division courses. 
"The most important thing to 

remember is to sign in on the sheet," 
advises the underground administrative 
assistant, Bullie Haars. 

Underground's tutors are hired 
quarterly to ensure that the highest 
degree of tutoring will be made available 
to the students. This also gives qualified 

• upper-division students an opponunity 
for employmenc as a tutor every ten 
weeks. The approximately 100-150 
coordinators, tutors and receptionists 
are students; the re are o nly two non-
student admilllstratOrs at OASIS 
Underground. For comple le details on 
courses that will have tutors available, 
visi t the bulle tin board graph when 
OASI opens on Monday, OctOber 1. 

Reading, writing, language and study 
skills assistance is available at OASIS 
Second Story, which is located on the 
fourth floor of the Undergraduate 
Science Building, in rooms 4010 and 
4070. Second Story features a Writing 
Ce nter with one-on-one conferences by 
appointment to thoroughly combat one's 
writing worries: Also, grammar classes 
are offered to assist in the ed iting and 
revising process, plus a writing test js 
available to assess your weaknesses and 
strengths in writmg and edi tmg. 

Study skil ls workshops such as How to 
Take Lecture NolC and Test-Taking 
Strategies are organized every week at 

econd Story. beginning wllh Time 
Management October 3 , 2-4 pm. The 
language p rogram offers English , 

Spanish, French and Italian as a second 
language in lab sessions to assist with 
grammar and writing. 

Third Place is the OASIS branc h at 
Third College, under the d ining 
commons , room 102. Peer and 
profess ional counseling is available 
daily, as IS tutoring in most lower-
diVis ion classes. Scnedules of the tutor 
se rvicl'S and the study skills workshops 
will be available at Third Place as well as 
OASIS Underground. 

The Academic Success Program (Student 
Center, Bldg. B) works to provide counsel-
ing and services for EOP and Student Affir-
mative Action freshman. Thei r goal is to 
anain a higher retention of mino rity 
students and students fro m disadvantaged 
backgrounds. 1m 



.. Monday. Stpl. 17. 1984 

A letter from the editor 
Good evening. 
W~1come . 
What you are holding in your grubby titde hands at this moment is 

what we like to call the 1984 Orientation Issue of the Guardian. We like 
to call it that because-well, that's its name, and that's its purpose. This 
issue is dedicated to the "new crop" of UCSD students arriving this 
week: a group of fresh , sprite, baby-faced go-getters who are ready and 
eager to set sail on me seas of higher education. 

This issue is also dedicated to the rest of us, who are just as ready 
and eager to get the hell out of here ASAP with a piece of paper that will 
translate into bucks in me real world. 

This issue is dedicated to the 1984 freshman class. Ladies and 
gendemen, have a pleasant flight, keep your seatbelcs fastened at all 
times, and remember that airsick bags are provided for your 
entertainmem. 

But now it is time to get philosophical. And school hasn't even started 
yet 

College, as you will soon see, is probably the most varied and 
imeresting institution in America. It brings together individuals of all 
different moral, ethnic and financial backgrounds onto one common 
turf. And ready or not, you're about to meet them all. All at UCSD. 

Here you will meet me bright girl from the barrio-to whose family 
attending college has been but a dream-who sees college as a chance 
to break out of a financial and educational rut and make her family 
proud. Here you will also meet the floater, who comes to college 
because . .. well, because that's just what you do. 

Here you will meet the Poindexter who cranked out a 1580 on his 
SAT and is furious at being robbed of the final 20 points. And here you 
will meet the person who, despite making it here because of his high 
school GPA, has trouble just spelling SAT. 

Here you will meet the left-wing activist, troubled by the threats of the 
draft and of nuclear war, not necessarily in that order, and you will meet 
me right-wing crusader, equally troubled by the apparent moral 
degradation of 1980s America. 

Here you will meet Daddy's Girl, whose red Mercedes sedan, tuition, 
books and nail polish are all sprung for by Dear 01' Dad. And here you 
will also meet the 25-year-old future med student, who has spent the 
past six years scratching and clawing for the four-times-three-times-
$450-per-quarter fees he'll need for a chance to realize his dreams. 

In short, here you will meet a slice of Americana, a microcosm of our 
society. 

Now, to those of you who couldn't care less about some microcosmo-
whatever-well, you've stopped reading this long ago anyway, so to hell 

with you. To me rest of you, the idea of meeting locs of weird and 
differem people intrigues you. 

Now comes the piech: We ask you, if college is a microcosm of 
society, then what is the campus newspaper? You got it: a microcosm of 
a microcosm of society. A college newspaper office just naturally attracts 
an interesting group of folk, some of whom can justifiably be labeled 
"freaks." Welcome to UCSO. 

So concludes the esoteric imroduction, which culminates in the meat 
of this letter: We'd likt: you to join your micro with our cosmo We want 
you to write for the Guardian. We want your involvement-your input, 
your ideas, your talents, your personality. Above all, we want to pay you 
lots of money and put your name in our staff box. 

Before those of you in a hurry to buy your textbooks write this article 
off as a feeble sales pitch, read on about me newspaper you are reading 
on. 

The Guardian is UCSO's largest campus newspaper, with 11,000 
issues distributed twice a week. As the staff box says. we are a paper "of 
the students. by the students, and for the students~ of mis school. 
Unlike all other major campus media, the Guardian receives no 
Associated Students funding, which means that you won't pick mis 
paper up to get the official vanilla-flavored viewpoincs of the 
Administration or me AS Council. Wt; present what is important to me 
students. based on what we perceive as students. 

And we do that with a somewhat differem style man most 
newspapers; in fact, we like to call ourselves a ~news magazine." Last 
year this paper changed ics format to include a more graphic look, a 
more readable perspective on me news, and greater emphasis on 
studem matters. 

None of that will change mis year. 
We are me Guardian. We do not offer the professional journalism of 

the L\ Times. We do not offer the cold, somewhat dry, day-to-day news 
of UC papers such as Berkeley's Daily Californian or LA's Daily Bruin, 
nor do we cover intemationl evencs such as oil spills. And we do not 
offer me imense superficiality of the USA Today. We are the Guardian. 

So now you know us. We'd like to know you. Whemer it is to come 
in and offer your services as a writer or other staff member of our 
newspaper, whemer it is to write us a letter damning us for being 
pompous asses, or whether it is to call in story ideas or hot news tips, 
we hope you'll become active in making the Guardian a better product. 
If nothing else, take time to glance mrough a copy blowing in me wind 
across Revelle Plaza, and give us some thought. 

That's our spiel. Welcome to UCSO. 
-PAL 

In one year, out the other 
By ROBERT LEONE. Slaff Wnler 

Last academic year, twO different 
proposals for raising AS funds were 
accepted and funded by the AS. The 
first was the Men and Women of UCSD 
calendars, a fantastic fiasco on the part 
of Greg "Mr. April" Ricks which seems 
to have produced only a negligible 
return on the several thousand dollars of 
seed money toe AS allocated the project. 

Calendars, printed on expensive 
kaolin-coated paper, simply never sold 
in great nurnPers. Eventually, spring 
quarter saw the great calendar give-
away, where the expensive examples of 
the photographer's and printer's art 
were given away. I used one for an 
improvised umbrella when I was caught 
out in a sudden rainstorm one night. 

The oth~, by far more creative and 
worthwhile idea, the Sun God Festival, 
was a spring quarter celebration of the 
sun and Nikki de St. Phalle's bizarre 
sculpture . It was (in most people's eyes) 
a well -managed affair, with a high 
degree of organization. There were 
garnes, food and prizes, all gained 
through the purchase of paper ti ckets 
(to be used as tokens) from the Sun 
God Festival Committee'S booth (where 
Sun God T-shirts were also sold). 

On the whole , it was a carefully 
managed alTair, where all the money was 

to remain in the hands of the Sun God 
Festival Committee (SGFC), to be 
exchanged for the tickets that the 
ve ndors (usually representatives of some 
student organization or fratemity) 
obtained . Money was to be given to the 
vendors, less a base rate of ten percent 
of the gross proceeds (this ten percent 
was the AS "cut"). FlOes for breaking or 
disobeying the rules and regulations of 
the SGFC were assessed as additional 
percentages of withheld gross. One food 
service booth was rumored to have been 
assessed fines o f 45%, for a total of 55% 
withheld gross. 

One very large complaint of the food 
vendors and other booth organizers I 
talked to was that the SGFC made after-
the-event charges for some items. An 
example of this was the table charge. 
Before the festival , there was apparently 
no mention made of rentals charged for 
using tables (owned by the Student 
Center for such events as the Bizarte 
Baz?ar). After the event, a c harge was 
assessed for using the tables . according 
to informants. 

A similar state of affa irs existed for 
power cables for the food booths (many 
food booths needed electri City to 
prepare the food ). After-the-event rental 
charges were assessed for the use of 

power cables, according to some rather 
miffed infornlants. 

Food service booths were themselves 
a problem. Informants have indicated 
that many of the food service booths in 
use at the Sun God Festival were not in 
compliance with a good number of the 
local health codes. 

However, there were several more 
foul-ups , of an organizational nature, in 
the festival. The first, and most 

important, was the free ticket 
controversy. Apparently, members of the 
SGFC were given tickets, to be used 
only in the game booths (which, by and 
large, had no COstS associated with 
volume of business), that would not 
count for the gross profit of that booth . 
Thus, members of the committee could 
enjoy free play (and they got little )C...,,.'W." ., ,--.. ., > 

AS Co uncil member Greg Ricks had little to smile about after dismal sales of AS-fundtd caltndars ... 

Monday. SCI'/. 17. 1984 3 

A UCSD Carol (with apologies to Mr. Dickens) 
By JOE DESIDERIO. Opinions Edilor 

You are lying in bed on the eve of the 
first day of classes at UCSD. It is late-
even David lenerman has long since 
disappeared from the lV. Suddenly. you 
hear a voice whisper your name. The 
voice fades and then returns. louder this 
time. "OK, that's it-no more late-night 
lV," you say to yourself. You tum off the 
set and lean back, awaiting the 
blackness of deep sleep. 

JUSt as you start to nod 01T, the 
bedroom window flies open and the 
curtains are whipped around frantically 
by an Arctic wind. Before you can move 
from your prone position, a figure 
appears outside your window, its 
features dimly lit by the moonlight. By 
now, you are ready to move on to the 
next dream, but this one is not quite 
over - in pops your freshman 
orientation leader from outside the 
window. 

"Greg, what are you doing he ... " 
I am the Ghost of UCSD Past," your 

ex-OL rudely interrupts. "I have come to 
take you back to your first days at 
UCSD." 

Now the scenario is gening preny 
familiar - twice around the block. you 
promise to be good, and the apparitions 
fj nd someone else to nag. 

"All right, let's, get going. I have an 
early class in the moming." 

Greg the OU Apparition Number One 
floats over to the foot of the bed, and , 
closing his eyes for a few seconds. 
transports the twO of you back to the 
day of your first orientation tour. No 
smoke, no flashing lights. 

There you are , in that crowd of 
innocent freshmen on Revelle Plaza, fuR 
of excitement and enthusiasm. From 
this vantage point it almost looks like a 
scene from a Norman Rockwell painting: 
wholesome-looking college kids, eager 
faces, enthusiasm so thick you could CUt 
it with a knife .. .. 

Now the audio portion of the 
broadcast cuts in: "I think I'll check out 
the AS committees. I always wanted to 
get into student government, but I never 

gOt ar9und to it before . This could really 
be worthwhile." 

Somehow your voice sounds strange . 
"Maybe l'Il join the Computer Society. 
Or do a research project on my own -
something I can really sink my teeth 
into to get away from classwork for a 
while." 

You look over at Greg. He used to be 
a preny nice guy, but now he is 
scowling at you. Maybe he got up on the 
wrong side of the cloud this morning. 

"00 you remember that day?" he 
bellows. 

"Well. maybe I was a little overeager. 
So what?" 

"Come on. It is time to move on ." 
The bright sunlight of the plaza fades 

away and is replaced by the glare of a 
single lamp burning in an otherwise 
black room. You see yourself at a desk, 
dozing between examples of vector 
calculus problems. 

"Hey, I remember that night. It was 
just before the second midterm, right? I 
did preny weU in that class." 

"You got by in that class," Greg 
contradicts. 

"Do you want to hang around and 
argue about my GPA?" 

"No, more' important things await you 
tonight." 

So when do I get to peek inlO the 
future and get the lecture from the 
Ghost of Christmas Future?" 

"That's 'UCSD Future: and I must 
caution you against such insolence. My 
counterpart will arrive momentarily. 
Farewell." 

"You don't have to rush off like thal I 
didn't mean 10 insult you." 

Now, in the middle of the dream (this 
must be about halfway over, you assure 
yourself) you begin to have your doubts 
about your college "career." Maybe Greg 
was right, maybe you should have gonen 
more involved. Who knows, the 
extracurricular activities might have 
helped your grades overall. Sure they 
take some time, but they also would 
provide you exposure to something 

besides studying and classes. And isn't 
that what everyone says college is all 
about: learning from new and varied 
experiences? 

By now, you begin to realize that this 
dream is playing with your mind . You 
try to wake up , but it is tOO late : Here 
comes the Ghost of UCSD Future. There 
lS something vaguely familiar about him, 
but you can't put your finger on it. You 
never did keep track of who was who, 
but yQ).J guess he must have been a 
chancellor or something. 

"I know, I know," you blun out, "you 
are the Ghost of UCSD Future. You are 
here to take me to see what is in the 
future for UCSD." 

"Something like that. Shall we?" 
"Ready when you are , maestro." 
Again the scenery changes, this time 

focusing on an image of the sculpture 
just south of Humanities Library - the 
"ruins" - from far away. The image 
grows larger as you approach, and you 
realize that it is not the infamous UCSD 
sculpture after all . 

"What is this place?" you inquire of" 
Apparition Number Two. 

"It was my dury to bring you to UCSD 
in the future . Now we are there ." 

"But there is nothing here - no 
students, no professors, no hacky-
sackers on the plaza, only abandoned 
buildings. Wait - who are those people 
in the eucalyptus grove , huddled around 
the fire? Don't they have a place 10 go, 
something to do?" 

It is a sad tale . I am sure you do not 
want to hear it." 

"You know I won't get any sleep until 
you tell me, so shoot." 

"If you must know, I have no 
altemative. Those are the people who 
got involved at UCSD, the ones who 
were really devoted. When the 
University collapsed - another sad 
story, really - their lives lost all 
meaning and quite frankly, they 
snapped . Now they live in the forest , 
resisting all attempts to bring them back 
to the real world . Apparently, they 

DOE WANO 
WE JUST WANT YOU 
TO WRITE FOR US 

Come to our new 
writers t meeting this 
Friday (protected by the 
folks to the right) and see 
if writing is the career you 
were meant to get into all 
along. Get a behind-the-
scenes tour of the largest 

• newspaper on campus, 

cannot face life without UCSD." 
"But what happened to the 

University? An earthquake?" 
"No . it was something much more 

devastating: student apathy. You see, 
each year the students became JUSt a 
little more apathetiC on the whole until, 
finally, the educators all picked up and 
left. It was such a shock to so many -
you see, this type of thing was 
unprecedented at the ' time." 

"You mean 10 tell me that , because I 
didn't get involved, UCSD fell apart and 
people ran off to live in the forest?" 

"Now that would be absurd , wouldn't 
it? But let me give you this last piece of 
advice: It is what you make of it." 

"Are you trying to say ... " 
"It is what you make of it. Farewell." 
"Wait a minute! Don't go yet!" 
The dream now over, you awake to 

find your window closed and your 
sheets soaked through with sweat. Once 
again you swear off late-night lV and 
try to drift back to sleep for an hour 
before it is time to wake up for class. 

That stupid dream keeps you from 
nodding off, and now you begin to get 
upset. When you think about it, though , 
it really is not too late to get involved. In 
fact, you have been meaning to do so 
since that first day of orientation, but 
somehow you keep putting it off. 
Finally, inspired, you get out the student 
directory and look up the number you 
penciled in for the Computer Society. 
You know what you have to do .... 

You discover that the president of the 
UCSD Computer Society is not very 
cohere nt at 7 am , but he still provides 
you with the time and place of the next 
meeting. You thank him, and he hangs 
up promptly. Convinced that everyone 
(except, perhaps, the roommates of the 
UCSD Computer Society president) is 
better off for your newly-found sense of 
enthusiasm, you get ready for the start 
of a new school year. 

Get involved! You JUSt might find • 
yourself sleeping bener .... ~ 

and get involved. No 
experience necessary. No 
purchase necessary, 
either. 

Check next issue for the 
date and time in your area, 
and' then prepare to meet 

your newspaper. 
We doe wa no trubl. We 

the Guardian. 



UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE 

QUESTIONS 

ABOUT BOOKS 

Well ... 

The :J~~ 
COURSIlOOK 

Staff 

II H ... to Assilt You 

Just Ask at the Coursebook Counter 

,.. .... P205A 
Rag. J.98 
How2.98 

lie .... 0.5 Lead 
Rag •• 80 
How.69 

Sic StIck 
Reg •• J5 
Now.2S Bk Ten PMk 

Reg. 1.50 
Now 1.98 

Unlball #101 
Rag. 1.09 
Now.as 

Unlbllli #1 ZO 
.... 1.29 
Now •• 

Digital 
Rainbow 

A Touch 
of Quality 

Ask about our 
DEC-Lease program. 

•••• ERS.lY ..... 111.1 
COMPUTER CENTER 

. 452-4291 

Parker 
Pllllcer Pen 
Rag • . 2." 
NDw2.29 

UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE 
Store Hours: Man-Fr. 8:00 to 4:45 Sat 10:00 to 4:00 

Extended Houn 

.~ . 

Monday. ~pI. 17, 1984 7 
. D'>INfcws, 

.. .,,~~ ••• ' ~ .. ~. • .A ~ ~ :..;, ~. ...: ~.* . . . ~ . ., '- .. ~ 

In one, out the other 
) 0IrNfV. fUll' r.K "I ) 
enough for the splendid job they did in 
organizing the festival), while the game 
booths would not collect any money. 
However, some of these tickets 
apparently were used at food booths, 
which have a COst for each item served. 
In other words, with the free tickets. 
food service booths would be handing 
out a product with no expectation of a 
rerum on that hotdog or snowcone. 

rather badly executed; the Chancellor's 
photo was terrible!) and a few minor 
qUibbles about garbage when it was time 
for the festival to be packed UP. it was 
well done. Even if it did lose money. 

The AS may have lost money, but 
many of the clubs and organizations 
made out like bandits. The logistical 
problems of getting aU the booths 
constructed and then deployed were 
handled with aplomb. Consider that this 
was the first Sun God Festival. The skiU 
and execution were nice, and the 
product was enjoyed by many. It is 
obvious that the Sun God Festival is a 
winner. and it should remain a yearly 
event at UCSD. It may not become as 
well-known a UCSD tradition as the 
Watennelon Festival, or bagpipers at the 
Muir graduation , or even the hanging of 
bicycle mnertubes on the golden crest of 
the Sun God , but, as per the desires of 
many, it seems destined to become a 
tradition. 

Voice your 
OPINIONS 

In I 
Also, at the end of last academic year, 

there were repons that the Sun God 
Festival ended up with a net deficit I 
wonder if anyone has counted as a Sun 
God Festival asset those prizes nOl 
awarded, including that monstrous 
white stuffed animal that had the horns 
of a buffalo, several hundred Sun God 
flying disks and keychains, and the Sun 
God T-shins (last known to be seUing at 
nine bucks a pop). 

....., to .. editor - trlpic-speced, 
72-spece per line typewritten pages. 
Please ~ and Include phone nUmber. 

Other than that (oh yes, Ihe Sun God 
Festival brochure was well deSigned, but 

Al least. more of a tradition than the 
Men and Women of UCSD calendars . 

Medical Scholarships 
Available 

If you're planning a career in medioine you 
owe it &0 youraelf &0 find out about the Air 
Force's Health Professions Scholarship 
Program. 
Qualified U.S. citizens can receive soholar-
ships for medical or osteopathic sohool. 
Our scholarships include: 
TUITION 
RBQUIRBD BOOKS 
RBQUIRBD LAB PBBS 
RBQUIRBD BQUlPIIBNT RBNTAL AND 
IIORB THAN teOJllONTIILY STIPBND 

For details contact: J_ DIICIer 
3443 Camino Del Rio South, SuH. 201 

San Diego, CA 12101 
(619) 293-6204 

Collect Calls Accepted 

A VOl • ., 0I1i1e. 

Just to let you know! 
Revelle Deli 

is closed 
fOT remodeling. 
A beautiful restaurant 

will emerge winter quarter. 
Temporary limited service 

will be maintained 
in UWhy Not Here" 

for your convenience. 
Hours: 7:30 AM .. 2:00 PM 

Monday to Friday 
(SOTry, but because of 

space limitations 
in our temporary quarters, 

there will be no 
meal card service.) 

Thank you .. VCSD Food Ser"ices 

STUDENT SPECIAL 
,Rent Qualify Furniture at Budget Prices 

FREE MONTHS RENT 
FR'EE DELIVERY 
FREE PICK UP 

WITH THIS NJ 
Let Us Help You 

Beat the High Cost of Moving 
BUDGE I RENTS FURNITURE 

KEARNY MESA 
8807 Clairemont Mesa Blvd 

San Diego, CA 92123 

HOURS 
M-F 10-7 
SAT 10-5 
SUN 12~ (619) 279-9934 

Not valid with any other discount offer. 

MISSION BAY 
1170 W. Morena Blvd. 
Son Diego, CA 92110 

(619) 275-0382 



Literature Department 
The Literature Department at TCHB 110 offen a wide 

variety of service8 including the proce8.inl of all 8tudent 
form., add/drop cards, and advi8ing on majon and minors. . 

Underaraduate Office: TCHB 110 • Graduate Office: TCHB 103 

Ut/ Ch 150. Lit/ Gen 150 
Modem CIIinue N_I 
Lee A. MWF. 1100-1:50. APM 2202. Chinne" 2<464. General "2575 
Inatl'Uctol': William Tay 
A survey of the major novelists of the modern period ( 191 ~- 1 ~9 ):. this course will focus 
on the works by Pa Chin. Lao She. Mao Dun, Yeh Sheng-t ao, Ch len Chung-shu, HSiao 
Hung and Eileen Chang. The approach will be both formalistic and socio-cultural. 

Ut/ Ch 150. Lit/ Gen 150 
Modem Chinese Poeh"y (1919-19of9) 
Lee B TIh. 10100-11:20 TIH 302. Chinne cc2469. General "2577 
InltructOl': Wai-lim Yip 
This is a period in which the battle and negotiation ?etween the Chinese and Western 
cultural models have been most imriguingly complex, In which the confrontation between 
them has deeply disturbed the native sensibility, and its sense of order and value. In order 
to maintain their raison d'erre, the native intellectuals, playing the role of the oppressed, 
have been struggling either to seek parallels in the imported models or to militantly assert 
the primacy of their indigenous mental horimn. In the process of this interaction with 
interpenetrating planes and surfaces of past and present, native and alien cultures, modern 
Chinese poetry emerges as an example of cross-fertil ~zation tha~ reveals both the 
problema tics and the strategies cen~al to ~he studies of the inter-workings ~f cultures. ~e 
will examine the recasting of a senes of -ISms transplanted all lU once during the 1920 s, 
1930's and 1940's, including Romanticism, Re.alism, Symbolism, Modernism and 
Marxism. 

english/ Rmerican 
U t/En 112 
SllGkespecwe: The ElWi&etlwm Period 
Lee A MWF 1:00-1:50 HI. U05 "2488 
lnatl'UCtOl'! Leonard Tennenhouae 
This course is devoted to Shakespeare's Elizabethan drama. In reading these plays, 
students will consider the notion of *art* they presuppose. For a historical understanding 
of *art* and its pla.ce in the Elizabethan world, of course, students must understand such 
essential elements of that world as the self, sexuality, and the political order . Students will 
read these plays: Taming of the Shrew, A Midsummer Nighc's Dream, The Merchant of Venice, 
Richard II, Henry II, Henry V, Romeo and Juliet, Hamlet and Twelfch Night. 
U t/ En 143 
The English N lMJeL: Eighuenth Century 
Lee A MWF 12:00-12:50 APM 2250 cc2496 
lnatruetor: Nancy Armatrona 
This course will investigate some of the narratives which helped to produce the modern 
individual. Students shall see how novels by Defoe, Richardson, Fielding, Radcl iffe, 
Wallstonecraft , and Austen develop a language for the self. Students will see how this 
language at once provides a new fable of origins for the individual and charts the ways of 
imagining our relationship to a political reality. 

Lit/En 149 
Themes in Engluh and American LireratuTe: The WOTking Clan in Englith 
Fiction 
Lee A MWF 10:00-10:50 U SB 4050A "2497 
Inltl'Uetor: Donald W~lina 
Another title for the course might be *The Image of Laboring People in English Fiction*--
as the period to be covered is from Dickens to the present day in r~verse chronological 
order . Texts will include: Alan Sillitoes' Lonelmess of che Long DlSlance Runner, D.H. 
Lawrence 's Sons and LwersThomas Hardy 's Jude che Obscure &.. Charles Dickens' Hard 
Times. 

Lit/En 173 
OrigiN and Development of the American Nowl 
Lee A TIh 10:010-11;20 TLH 109 cc2500 
Inltructor: Paul Dreaman 
The novels to be read in this course are Brown's Wieland , Cooper's The Prairie, 
Hawthorne'S The Scarlet Letter, Melville's The Confidence Man, Stowe's Uncle Tom's Cabin, 
james' POTITair of a Uuly and Twain 's AdllfTltures of . Huck~eberry Finn. There will be. an 
emphasis on the relation between fiction and American history, <!Specially the frontier. 
Weekly quizzes, a shorter and a longer paper, and a final. 

Lit/ Ent,.1 76 
Major ,J"erican WTiter.: Fittgerald and Hemingway 
Lee A MWF 11:00·11:50 APM 2113 1:1:2501 Inlt~etor: Ronald Berman 
A view of the Twenties and the early Thirties in the United States and abroad. Texts: F.S. 
Fitzgerald , The GreiJl Gatsby &.. The Stories of F.S. Flu;gerald (ed. by M. Cowley); Ernest 
Hemingway, The Sun Also Rises. The Short Searies of £rnesc Hemmgway, and A Farewell co 
Arms. 

UtiGen 138 . 
Contemporary ~ Litercacure: ''The SuTch fOT Deep Roou on Depleud 
Landaaapa" 
Lee A MWF 11:00-11:50 HSS 2152 a:2571 
Inltl'Uctor: Robert Cancel 
This course is an investigation of the thematic concerns of English-speaking Caribbean 
writers over the last fifty years, focusing on the attempts to reveal and celebrate t.he human 
and environmental qualities which comprise the West Indian ~u1tural envl~onment. 
Novels, poetry and drama will provide the primary ~ta for thiS search, With a few 
supplementary readings on history and culture supplYing contextual background. 

Lit/ Gen 141, LitlRUIIS HI 
S<wiet UrerClhne in Trcaulation 
Lee A MWF llJOO.ll:50 USB 4OSOA General cc2572 Ruaaian a:2671 
InltruetOl'I Gila Naveh 
This course will be offered in English and will be available to all students in Literature, 
Sociology, History and Political Scien~, as w.eU as ~ther related ~iplines. In this course 
students will be siven ample opponuruty to mveatagate mBJor SoViet bter.ry trenda from 
the beginning to modem day. Amona the authors examined there will be two Nobel PriJe 
winners who have demonstrated the dynamic usefulness of the Rusaia!l literary mind. 
There are no prerequiaitea. 

Ut/ Gen 1 .... 
SpaniM UrerClhlre in T~ GoWen ~e Drama 
Lee A TI'h 2~3:SO TLH 109 c:US73 
lnatructor: Musit Prenk 
This course will focua on the Spaniah theater of the seventeenth centrury. The art of the 
comediainitiated by Lope de Yep. oontinued by his diaciples. and further elaborated ~y 
Calderon de la Barca, will be mldied .. a IOCW and a literary phenomenon. Students will 
read and analyze five plays in fint· rate Enaliah tranalationa: Lope de Veaa's Peribanet and 
The Knight from Olmedo. Tina de Molina'i The Trickster of Se.iiUe (the don Juan play), 
Calderon de la Barca's The SMTgeon of/Us H"",*rand The PIIantom L..ad,. Two ~ and a 
final exam will be required. 

LitiGen 154 
Womm and LiterwleW'c: Con{rorat4ltioru between Men and Womm in Li&ercaure 
Lee A MWF I0J00.I0:S0 HSS 1 U8 a:2S78 
lnatructor: Gila N."eh 
This course will fOCUl on literary texts which depict projects initiated and carried out 
successfully by women. The students will have the pleasure of familiarizing themselvea 
with literary and philosophical texts ranging from biblical times to the modern day, and 
learn about remarkable women's enterprises. 

Lit/ Gen 163 
Children', Liter_am: 
Lee A MWF 10:00-10:50 HI. 1205 ~598 
l~tl'Uctor: Jer~e ~.,old 
An introduction to Children's Literature through reading and discussion of classics in 
various genres: fantasy (e.g., E.B. White'sOwrlone's W eb; fairy tales (by Grimm, Meek &.. 
David); and their interpretation (Bruno Bettelheim's The Uses of £nchantmenc); and the 
picture book (with an emphasis on Maurice Sendak and such works as Where the WIld 
Things Are). 
Lit/ Gen 164 
Fanuuy and Science Fiction 
Lee A W 7:00-9:50 APM 2113 cc2579 
lnltructor: Stephen Potu 
This course will explore the new territory, i.e. , the " mindscapes and timescapes," opened 
up by recent trends in science fict ion. The focus will be on. exemplw:y novels and films that 
appeared between 1960 and 1980, with particular attention to writers who first came to 
prominence in that period. Students will be reading novels by John Brunner, Philip K. 
Dick, Ursula LeGuin, Joe Haldeman, Greg Benford, and Russian authors Arkady and 
Boris Strugatsky in the oontext of contemporary trends in science fiction . In addition, we 
will view fil ms such as : Lucas' TH'X 1138, Scott's Blade Runner, and A Boy and HIS Dog. 

Ut/ Gen 176 
UteTCUUre and}tuCice 
Lee A MWF 11:00-11:50 MCC 124 cc2655 
Inltl'Uetor: Patricia Terry 
Texts: The Book of Job; Aeschylus, Oresteia; Sophocles Oedipus che King, Oedipus at 
Calonus, The Song of Roland; Shakespeare, Hamlet, King Lear; Melville, Billy Budd; Kafka, 
The Trial. 

Lit/ Gen 170 
Fiction 1:7 Film: Vitioru of the Modem American DreamLee A Th 7:00-9:50 
HSS 1330 ee25SO 
InltructOl': Erneat Lanon 
This course will chart the social and psychic depths of the American Dream in American 
fiction and film from the forties to the eighties, from joseph H. Lewis' Gun Crlll:)', the 
deliriously passionate version of th,e Bonnie and .lyde sto~y , to this year 's Puliaer Prize 
winning novelist William Kennedy s Legs, a corrOSive examination of Amen can life from 
the skewed perspective of the Prohibition gangster, Legs Diamond. Stops along the way 
will probably include Nabokov's Lolila, Mailer's An American Dream, as well as novels by 
Chandler, Didion, Kerouac, and Heminl!Way. The problematic nature of Hollywood film 
adaptations of literary texts will be a central focus. 

Fall Course De8criptions and a li8tinl of 19B4~5 Course 
Offerings is available at TCHB 110. 

Monday, Sel'l. 17, 1984 9 
«,..\)o.~ •. ~ ..... " '.. X' "> <,,' ~. ~ 

Striking out against crime 
By EDWARD ISRAEL 

With the onset of the new school 
year, the n~ed will invariably arise for 
many students to use the services of the 
campus police. 

· We want to let the campus 
community know that we are a service 
organization to create a safe and secure 
environment ," said UCSD Chief of 
Police John Anderson. 

Indeed, the need for a campus police 
force is evide nt. Although there have 
heen no reponed incidents of sexual 
assualt at UCSD in nearly two years 
(SDSU had one assault and one rape in 
its fi rst week of classes this yea r), police 
are busy combatting crimes agains t 
property, the most common on-campus 
offense . To curb bicycle thefts, the 
police department has initiated its 
bicycle registration program. 

Since many bicycles are stolen eve!), 
year, UCSD police urge students with 
bikes to register them as soon as classes 
begin. Students who wish to take this 
measure can simply drop into the Police 
Headquarters Communication Center at 
any time with their bicycles and proof 
of ownership. In addition, the 
headquarters displays a variety of 
recommended locks, chains and other 
devices that may be used to guard 
against bicycle theft. 

Even though the inCIdence of sexual 
assault has recently declined, the UCSD 
police continue to provide access to an 
escort service. The theo!)' is safety in 
numbers. Students who request the 
service are escorted by an unanned 
Commnity Service Officer (CSO) 

canying a poliCe radio. The escort will 
caD headquarters in the event of trouble, 
alerting them of the problem while 
caDing for reinforcement, if necessa!)'. 
The after-5 pm service is staffed by 24 
UCSD student employees, who are easily 
identified when on duty by their yeDow 
shins or jackets. 

To complement the escort service, 
emergency caD boxes have been placed 
ai various locations on campus. In the 
event of a c rime, a victim or a witness 
may use these boxes to contact the 
UCSD campus police immediately. The 
phones, contained in bright yellow 
boxes atop a metal leg, feature highly 
visible red signal lights LO alert police. 

The call boxes are invaluable not only 
because they discourage crime but also 
because they gready increase the 
chances of apprehending the offender. 

Since c rimes against property 
constitute the major problem at UCSD, 
and since sexual assault is always a 
possiblity, the police department 
recommends proactive rather than 
reactive measures. According to Chief 
Anderson, "The key to nOl becoming a 
victim is awareness and prevention." 
The best advice is the same as it has 
always been: Lock your valuables, 
bicycles and autos; keep a low profile-
don't openly display jewelry or money; 
and keep your belonging; with you-
not just near you-when out on the 
campus. 

As is the case on most un iversity 
campuses , weekends bring a change of 
pace from the daily requirements that 

Campus police, equipped with new cars, motorcycles, and radar, are ready for traffic violators .. 

students foDow. ' We can expect a 
ce rtain amount of levity and fun ," says 
Chief Anderson. Regulatory policies 
concerning alcohol are, for the most 
pan, enforced by the coDege deans and 
the dormitory staffs, who also handle 
complaints. If the situation should 
beome more serious, however, the 
campus police wiD not hesitate to take 
those involved to the de-lOX center. Of 
course , those under the age of 2 l are 
not pennilled to possess or consume 
alcoholic beverages. 

The traffic situation on campus is 

becoming an increaSingly congested 
one. With 20,000-25,000 people on 
campus every day, the safety of 
pedestrians is an important 
consideration. The number of both 
people and vehicles has prompted the 
campus police to staff an additional 
motocycle and four additional police 
cars in order LO monilOr pedestrian and 
vehicle traffic. Furthennore , campus 
police are employing speed-detecting 
radar to ensure greater safety. The 
officers also use beach cruiser bicycles 
for some of their duties on campus. E:J 

Literature Department 
The Literature Department at TCHB 110 offen a wide 

variety of aervicel including the proceuing of all Student 
Forma, add/drop cards, and advi8ing on majors and minora. 

Undeqnduate Office: TCHB 110 • Graduate Office: TCHB 103 

Ut/French IS2 .. 
I:.i&enuure and Lfea_ Trawler. and ~ Viaian and CreatIOn of the 
0dIer 
Lee A TI'h 1:00-1120 USB 4OSOB a:1547 
lnatructon Francola Hartot 
What il the relation between the obaerver and the obeerved? Between the writer and his 
subject? How does one describe the foreianer, the barba~, the "savage?" ~ese are the 
questions which will be examined in this course. We will r~ ~Iected por~lons of the 
following travel-narratives and ethnoaraphers: Herodotua, Hurmre.s<,Book 2), j . del~ry, 
HiJloire d'un wyage faic en La terre du BresIl( 1578); M. de Mon~gne, Les Euau, J.}. 
Rousseau, DiJCOWTS.sur l'origioe de I'ioera/iw; V. Segalen, Les lmmemonawx,( 1907); Cl. LeVI-
Strauss, Tr istes Tropiqwes. (IN FRENCH) 
Ut/ German IS 1 
Gmerallncroduaion to Goethe', WOTIu 
Lee A TIh 8:30.9:50 USB 30SOA ec2630 

l~tl'Uctor;Jama K. Lyon 
A general introduction to Goethe's lyric poetry and dramas. In addition to well-known 
individual poems, we shall read the longer cycles, i.e. the " Romische Elegien" and "Ost-
westlicher Divan." Dramas to be read include Goct von Berlicllingen, Egmanc, Tasso, and 
l/Jhigenie auf Tauris . (IN GERMAN) 
Ut/ Spanilh 135 
Mexicon Liura&uTe t 
Lec A MWF 10100-10:50 HSS 2305 a:2703 
Inltl'Uctor: G. Garcia-Gutierrez 
Study of popular novels, movements, traditions, key authors, or major trends in modern 
Mexican literature. Texts include: jose Revuelta,Al Lwdo H"mana; j uan Rulfo, Pedro 
Parana and Indiana lndianaand jose Emilio Pacheco, El Dienlo Durante. (IN SPANISH) 

UtiSpanlab 140 
SpanUh Arneric4n Notid 
Lee A MWF 1:00-1:50 APM 2313 "2704 
lnatructon G. Garda-Gutierra 
A study in depth of selected novelists of Spanish America. Texts: Mario Vargas-Liosa, Los 
Jefes , La CiudtJd de Los Perras, La Pia Julia el EJcribidor, and Los CadIOTTOI. 
Ut/ Gen 111, Ut/Heb 111 
Bible: Narraciw BooIu 
Lee AT 1:00-2:10 HSS 6008 "1420-UtiGen. Th 1:00-2:20 HSS 3086 ecl419-
Ut/ Heb 
lnatnxtorl Elaine Adler 
This course will involve a close reading of selected chapters in the Hebrew Scriptures/ Old 
Testament. Selections will include the story of joseph in Egypt, Moses and the wilderness 
period, law codes, the biography of Klng David, the Song of Songs and the Book ofJonah. 
Our focus will be on genre, narrative technique and rhetoric. In addition to the biblical 
text, works of modern criticism will be assigned. No previous courses in Bible required. 

Ut/ ltalian 147 
Contemporary 'talian Cult1ne 
CI ... Schedule To Be Announced Thursday 9 / 20/ 84 in TCHB 106 between 
3100 and 5100. Students may call 452-3378 durin, thoee hOUR if unable to 
attend; ec4623. 
Inatructorl Paolo Mancini 
Discussion will focus on cultural, political and literary issues of central importance to 
Italians today. Reading will include Come anJremo a comindare? of Enzo Biagi and Eugenio 
Scalfari, Il Gauopardo of Tomasi di Lampedusa and a selection of Italian newspapers. (IN 
ITALIAN ) 

Full coune detcriptionl and a Ii,tina of 1984-85 coune offerin .. are 
available at TCHB 110. 



{ 

10 Monday , Sept . 17, 1984 
NE~ 

« .... 
• .....~ '. ." .... ......u: 

The new UCSD libraries-
checking out books behind bars 
By SEAN WAGSTAFF, AssoCIate New> Editor 

THE SEVEN UCSD LIBRARIES are designed to provide the wealth and convenience of available 
information that provides the backbone 
to a university education. Central, 
Cluster, Science and Engineering, 
Biomedical, Medical Center, Scripps 
Institution of Oceanography and the 
Slide and Photograph Collection contain 
in excess of 1.6 million volumes. 

While not huge by university 
standards (UCLA and Berkeley contain 
upwards of five million volumes), the 
UCSD library contains more than 
enough mformation to back up most 
research. Also, as a pan of the UC 
library System, It p rovides relatively 
easy access to all of the collections of 
the 75 libranes at other UC campuses. 

In order to allow more efficient access 
to the mformatlon contained within our 
libraries, a new computer automation 
system is bemg installed that will greatly 
reduce the time it takes to ftnd and 
check out a book. The system will also 
Improve the accuracy of library record 
keep 109. 

In a tremendous effon by the 
librarians and library s taff this summer. 
approximately half a million books were 
tndlvldually barcoded in preparatIon for 
the Installment of a computerized 
check-out system. whose test phase 
should begIn as early as winter quarter 

AccordIng to Iibranan Ree De Dcnato. 

about 100 people a day were involved 
in the preliminary phase of the 
barcodtng project that had effectively 
closed the libraries for three weeks this 
summer. 

The new student ID cards will be 
used as library cards with the new 
system and should reduce the check-out 
time for a book to a fraction of what it 
takes now. The student's lD barcode 
and the book's barcode will be passed 
over a device much like the .ones used 
in s upermarket checkout stands, and 
both will be instantly stored in the 
computer's memory. 

It IS expected that the new system 
will eventually be able to mdicate 
whether a book is alread y checked OUt, 
has been lost or stolen, or whether a 
new release has been ordered. In 
addition, book searches and overdue 
billing will happen automatically or, at 
worst. at the push of a button. 

The compute r system will operate 
from a main untt housed in Central 
Library. with the desk of each 
peripheral library tied in by its own 
barcode scanner. This will have the 
additional advantage of havi ng 
information on a book housed in one 
library easily accessible at the desk of 
another. 

It is even conceivable that MELVYL 
(the UC on-line catalog) will be tied 
into the system to provide not only 

instant reference to the book. but 
information on its status as well. 

Of UCSD's 1.6 million volumes of 
information, only a third were barcoded 
this summer because they were already 
"computer ready." 

Before the computer explosion that 
occurred about 1976, the concept of 
computer card catalogs and check-oUl 
processes was still considered futuristic. 
and books were recorded in libraries in 
the same old way. Once the concept of 
computerized libraries became a reality, 
however. books were coded for 
computer inventory and MELVYL It was 
these computer book lists that were 
used to assign a barcode to each of the 
485 .000 volumes. Thousands of sheets 
of barcode stickers were accompanied 
by lists of books. and each sticker had 
to be affixed to its corresponding book. 

While computerized check-outs will 
not be available in full phase until next 
year, the libraries themselves are ready 
to be used immediately. To assist persons 
who are unfamiliar with the UCSO 
libraries, the staff has created a 1983-84 
Orientation Issue which serves as an 
introduction to efficient use of available 
resources. It is available at the 
circulation desk of all libraries. 

In addition to an introduction to the 
reference and circulation processes, the 
Orientation Issue gives a brief 
description of the resources available at 

each of the different libraries. 
The Orientation lssue also gives a 

complete description of library locations 
and hours for fall quaner. 

for anyone interested in making 
optimum use of the library resources, 
there is a library tape tour available at 
the Central Library circulation desk. 
Also, a class caned Contemporary Issues 
50, taught by Ouster librarian Marc 
Ginelsohn, is olTered every quarter for 
two units. It stresses IibratY research 
strategies. for more information , comact 
George Soete, assistant university 
librarian, at 452-3061. 

* * * Central Library has removed aU food 
and drink vending machines from the 
sixth-floor lounges. In an effon to 
"preserve research collections for 
present and future generations of 
scholars," the library no longer permits 
food and drink in its hallowed halls. 

According to a library memo, "This 
new policy brings the Central Library in 
line with aD other libraries on campus 
and with most academic research 
libraries, where eating, drinking and 
smoking are not pennitted." 

The memo reminds library users that 
vending machines are located in the 
Third College Cafeteria area, and that 
Third College food services wiU be 
available late at night in the fall . i::J 

Welcome from 
Parldn 8r Transit Systems 

------------------------------------------------------. 

Grac» Pedoc1 
Students may park In YEUOW STRIPED SPACES. 

lor ONE WEEK ONLY. from September 17. 1984 to 
September 21 , 1984, without a JXlrking permit. In 
addition. students who own motorcycles or 
motorized bicycles may JXlrk their cycles wlthout a 
parlcing permit in desIgnated "Motorcycle Areas" 
during the grace period. All spaces not marked in 
yellow or designated for motorcycles only are off 
limits (i.e .. handicapped. reselVed. UC vehicle. "A" 
red "B" \1feen). Ettective Monday. September 24th. 
all vehicles. motorcycles. and motorized bicycles 
parked anywhere on UCSD property must have a 
valid permit properly displayed. 

ParId.Dg Perm1t. 
Student "s" permits are on sale at the Central 

Cashier's Ollice lor 567.50. Laminated Dashboard 
pennits are avallable to those who have more than 
one car. Laminated Carpool pennits will only be 
issued to those who carpool. Motorcycle/ Motorized 
bicycle "M" JXlrking permits cost 536.00 and are 
also on sale at the Central Cashiers Ottice. Both 
types 01 pennits are valid through June 30th. 1985. 
Vehicle information is needed to apply lor any type 
01 permit. The Central Cashier will be open !rom 
9:00 am to 3:00 pm. Monday through Friday. 

Yelped iegulaUODS 
Parking regulations regarding motorized 

bicycles (mopeds) went Into ettect July 1st. 1983: 
Motorized bicycles are required to display a valid 
UCSD Motorcycle/ Motorized Bicycle ("M") permit 
when parked on UCSD property ( except at Coast or 
Mesa Apartments). Motorized bicycles are 
restrlcied to JXlrking in designated motorcycle 
parking areas wlth the "M" permit. 

~--·~.l 
1 

\ 
I 

om!» LocaUon. Houn 
Parking & Transit Systems is located on Warren 

Campus. Building 400 ( directly behind the Central 
Cashiers' Oltlce). Our hours are 7:30am to 12:30 pm 
and 1 :00 pm to 4:30 pm. Monday through Friday. If 
you have any questiOns about parlcing or are 
Interested in ridesharing. stop by or give us a call on 
EX1erlSlon 4223 or 452-4223. 

I'Ne 11*1 pas ........ 
Free interoampus bus permits are avaUable at 

the folIow1ng locations: I) ParkIng&: Tn:msat Systems 
Office. 2) Resklential Apartments omoe at Mesa. or 
3) Scr1ppa Admintstratlve 0fD0e. Scr1pp& Bulld1ng. 
Room 104. Proof of UCSD affiliation Is raquIred to 
receive these permits. These pennlls enable UCSO 
students. faculty and staff to ride free (on San Diego 
Transit bJses only) within the UCSD Campus 
boundr1es. 1ncluc::Uno SIO. and !.ncludIng the La 
Jolla Village Square Shopping Center and the lITe 
Shopping Center (on Genesee as far south as the 
Decaro Street bus stop.) 

There are several bus routes that serve UCSO. 
Schedules and route maps are available from 
Parking &: Trans11 Systems. the libraries. and the 
Studenl Center. Monthly bus pases for San Diego 
Transil and North County Transit are sold at the 
Central Cashier's Office. 
CcDpooIa/VC!'tP"'* 

Carpool with someone and split the .cost at 
parking and gasoline. The f\:uking &: TIansit 
Systems Office can help you find someone 10 
carpool with. Just stop by the Office and fill out an 
application form. Shortly thereafter you will receive 
a list at other students in your neighborhood who 
would also like 10 carpool to UCSD. 

Vanpools ouer a different type of first-class. cost-
efficient travel UCSD currently has 12 vanpools in 
operation from as far as Ramona and Escondido. 
and as near as Encinitas. In general. the vanpools 
arrive at ucso by 8 am and leave at 4:30 pm since 
most of the vanpoolers are UCSD employees who 
work those hours. Those of you who corunule a long 
distance might want to consider this as an 
alternative to drlvingand parIdng at UCSD. Cantad 
the Parking and Transit Systems 0Wce for more 
infonnallon at 452-4235. 
CIIaUo .. 

Enforcemenl Is handled through the Campus 
Police Department. Building SOO Warren Campus. 
between 1:00 pm and 4:30 pm only. 

Monday, ~pt. 17, 198.. 11 
NE~ : 

. ,x; .:. . x .' ., . '.;-;"" ." ~ 'N.,.,. ~... .:.«" . ' ...... Z N ~ ,(0. Y'.- k .. , ,;.:.... ~ • ;...... 50" ~ 

Groundbreaking opens doors to MRRC 
By USA lAPIN. Contributing News Editor 

Shovels were actively employed 
around UCSD this summer as several 
new and continuing construCtion 
projects were in the works. But only one 
new project caused deans, assemblymen, 
corporate executives, a judge and our 
own ChanceDor Richard Atkinson to 
don hardhats and levy their shovels: the 
opening of construction on the new 
Magnetic Recording Research Center. 

Groundbreaking for the 57,000-
square-foot, 55.2 million facility 
officiaDy took place on August 3. The 
location is a five-acre lot south of 
Central UbralY that used to be just 

a eucalyptus grove. 
By ~ext summer, the Center wiD 

house the first academic center for 
research in magnetic recording 
technology in the United States, as well 
as a structure-testing laboratory and 
classroom space for UCSO's growing 
Engineering Depanment. 

Magnetic recording technology is a 
520 billion-a-year US industry, and is 
critical to mass data storage. 

Untilla5t year, when UCSD (in stiff 
competition with other leading research 
institutions in the country) was chosen 
as the location for the Center, Japan 

UCSD Studentl, Faculty and Staff 
are Cordially Invited to Experience 
Faith, Hope and Love in Chriat at 

ili uNrvdt fry LUrnE~AN 'HU~'H ANb EtUMENltAl tENTEP. 
acroas the street from Revelle College 

9595 La Jolla Shores Drive, near Torrey Pines Road 
Sunday WonIUp at 10:00 am (new time) and 7:00 pm 
Feed....,.., ...,. Fa.:u&, and 0dIen after church at 11:15 am 
WeIcomi,.. ShMena Dinner on Sunday, September 23, 5:30 pm 
Wdc:undnc Scudenc Bar'-:ue on W~nesday, September 26, 6:00 pm. (Weekly 
student 1Upper8 followed by Bible study each W ~ncsday at 6:00 PIn-) 
Wdc:undnc Scudena BnmcI. on Sunday. September 30, 11: 15 am (after church) 
~ A~ Pedlc ~ overnight September 28-29 ($21.00) 
Ifl4Nit'en Semi_ for skeptics, saints and sinners beeilll October 3, 8:00 pm 
Tij.-a E.".ilion to the Cultural Center and Lutheran Miuion on October 13 
0-~e. 0Iapd and Librar)o are open daily 

Por further information or .,..coraI care, conbld 
Campua PMtor John G. Huber. D.Mln-, "'53-0561 or ",S9-88SS 

had been the leader in research in the 
discipline. Now the US is making its 
mark once again. ./ 

UCSO donated 51 million and the 
land for the Center, with ten major 
companies that use magnetiC recording 
providing the rest of the building and 
research funds. 

Three million dollars in grants came 
from such companies as Kodak, IBM, 
3M, Control Data, Verbatum and 
Applied Magnetics. 

Adjacent to the Center will be a 
6,500-square-foot structures- and 

material-testin~ laboratory that will be 

one of 12 in the country. 
Simulated eanhquake and loading 

tests wUll3ke place on facsimiles of 
walls , buildings and bridges to 
determine how much stress the 
structures can take in the event of a 
disaster. Up to 200 tons of hydraulic 
pressure wiU be applied during the tests. 

UCSO is hoping to enlist involvement 
from the National Science foundation 
and CalTrans on the projects. 

This new building will also provide 
teaching space for engineering courses, 

) COfoJTIW." 0flJ ' .. til ,a. \. 

POLITICAL SCIENCE 
New Courses for Fall Quarter 

PS UlA: Gowmment and Politics of the Middle East 
T-Th. 6:00-7:20 PM 

PS Ule: The Arab-lmIeli Can/lia. Pre 1948 
T-Th, 7:30-8:,50 PM 

Instructor: Visiting Professor Jacob Goldberg 
Professor Goldberg is from the University of Tel Aviv and an 
internationally known expert on Arab and Middle-Eastern Affairs. He 
will be visiting UCSD during the Fall and Winter Q,tarters. 
CHECK with the Political Science Department for classroom loea tion 
and course code. 

THE UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE 
Welcomes You to the 1984-1985 School Year. The Bookstore Hours Have Been 

Extended for the Rush Period for Your Convenience. 

Sept. 17, Sept. 20 Sept. 22 Sept. 24 Sept. 25 
18, 19 and 21 and 29 and 26 

8:00 am 8:00 am 10:00 am 8:00 am 8:00 am 
to to to to to 

6:00 pm 8:00 pm 4:00 pm 8:00 pm 6:00 pm 

Regula, 8ook1torc HOUri 
Monday thru Friday ............... 8:00 am to 4:45 pm 
Saturdays . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. 10:00 am to 4:00 pm 

We Have New ~nd Used Texts for M1Jny c:J the (<USeS. Please Be Aware of Our Retum ~nd 
Refund Policy. omils are Printed on the Bookmark 'Nhich Will be Attached to the Cash Register 

Receipt ~ a Good YeIJr, - Paul Mares, Manegei' 

Sept. 27 
and 28 
8:00 am 

to 
4:45 pm 



" 

12 Monday, Sept. 17, 1981 

Research 
at least until cOnstruction is completed 
on the 200,OOO-square-foot, $35 million 
engineering classroom called 
Engineering Unit I. on which 
construction begins next year. 

Four new faculty positions were 
created upon the groundbreaking of lhe 
Magnetic Recording Research Cemer at 
UCSD. rwo of which were filled this 
summer. 

Two experts in the field of magnetic 
recording joined UCSD's engineering 
departments , and will be affiliated with 
the new center. 

Dr. Jack K. Wolf, a world leader in 
the field of information theory, was 
appointed as professor for the Electrical 

Engineering and Computer SLience 
(EECS) Department. The acquisition of 
the former chairman of the Electrical 
and Computer Enginering Department 
at the University of Massachusetts is "a 
major step forward in the development 
of the new cemer," according to 
Chancellor Richard Atkinson . 

The author of nearly 100 technical 
papers, Wolf directs his research toward 
problems associated with the storage 
and retrieval of information in magnetiC 

recording devices. A former Guggenheim 
Fellow and a National Science 
Foundation Senior Postdoctoral FeDow. 
he received his PhD from Princeton 
University. 

CMRR's new director will be Dr. John 
S. MaDinson. formerly the manager of 
the Recording Technology Department 
of Ampex Corp . He brings with him 
numerous awards, and is a member of 
both the British and American lnstitutes of 
Physics and the IEEE Magnetics Group. 

WHIT'EVERY STUDENT 
SHOULD KNOW IBOUT THE 

LEISING I TELEPHONE 

Yes, there are differences. 
And we think you should 
know what they are. 
Ask yourself these 
questions. 

WHEN YOU LEASE. 
CIIICIUI DO YOU 

GET TH.MONTHS 
FR&DUBlG 
THESUMMEIT 

Probably not. But when 
you lease your telephone 
from AT&T this fall, you won't 
pay any lease charges next summer. 
You can use your phone at home, and 
bring it back to school in the fall. 

DO liMED CIIICIBtS CO ••• 
BKliOII OF COLORSIND mus? 

No. Chickens don't come in many colors. 
But the AT&T telephone you lease 
this fall comes in a variety of 
colors and three popuJar styles. 

Don't kid yourself. Repairing a chicken is a delicate 
process that requires the work of expensive professionals. 
However, in the off chance your AT&T leased telephone 

needs repairs, we'll fix it absolutely free when you visit any 
of our AT&T Phone Centers. 

IGlICKEN. 

Ship a chicken. Don't be 
silly. However, your AT&T 

leased telephone will be 
shipped directly to you after 
one call to 1-800-555-8111, 

or you can pick up your 
phone at any of our AT&T 

Phone Centers. 

III 
Hardly. While we have no hard data 

on the exact cost of leasing a chicken, 
we can tell you with some certainty that 

the cost ofieasing a telephone this fall 
is far less than you might think. 

The decision to lease a chicken or a 
telephone, of course, rests with you. 

But should you opt for the tele-
phone, remember: you get three 

months free next sununer, and you can take 
the phone home with you. 1bere's a choice 
of colors and styles, free repair, and 
we'll ship you the phone or you can pick 
it up at any of our AT&T Phone Centers. 

It doesn't cost much either. And 
that's something to crow about. 

AT&T Conswner Sales and 
Service. To order your telephone, call 
1-800-555-8111 for delivery right I4ftiif 
to your door or for infonnation concern-
ing AT&T Phone Center locations. 

Call The Toll Free Number Listed Above 

Valid with the loIIowin.r •• trlction. : I . You musl be relPsttred for 12 accredited hours lor the 1984 r.u term. 2. V.hd only to students billed by ATA:TConlUmer s.leund Service. 3. O"linquenllCcoullt .. '.YOidIronl ...... 4. LinlittllOteiopIIoMI per 
account. 5. Offer expire. 72 month from lease initiation dote. 6. ThIS off. r I. not valid for perTrulnent year· round resident studenls. 7. The three tre. month. wiU not be ... unul you h.lve poid lor the first nine montho 01 your ase. 8. AJlI~ .... 
FCC ~~. We provide repoir service lor III telephones sold II AT&T Phone Centers OnIylelephones .quipped with Touchlone doalin~ can ICCtM certain 10", dlstJnce "!'VICei Ind network • . C)~. ATaT ConIumer Soles II1II Service 1914. 

r 

Off-campus crunch 
Students sing the housing blues 

By SEAN WAGSTAFF, Associate News Editor 

T HE OFF-CAMPUS Housing Office , located in the Student Center Building B, has not only the t~ols 
necessary for finding a place to live, but 
also the information needed to avoid 
gening burned in a housing deal. 

San Diego has a housing vacancy 
ratin~ of less than one percent 
(anything under five percent is 
considered a hOWling crisis), which 
makes the area a remer's market. 
EssentiaDy. it's the old rule of beggars 
can't be choosers, and students are 
forced to take what they can find . That 
does not, however, mean that they 
cannot proteCt themselves against the 
kinds of rip-ofTs that some landlords 
like to perpetrate. 

Before anything can happen. of 
course. one muS! find a place to rent. 
ActuaDy, according to a California Public 
Interest Research Group (CaLPIRG) 
report on housing, some "housing 
agenCies" regularly part people from 
their money without ever putting them 
on a warm trail to a place to live. 

problem with housing discrimination 
against students. UCSD seems to have a 
better reputation than other coDeges. 
Because of this reputation the UCSD 
OfT-Campus Housing Office gets more 
notice from renters than any other 
referral service in the ciry, Spencer said . 
The quality of the OfT-Campus Housing 
Office has made its popularity so great 
that student IDs are now required to 
keep outside competition for the limited 
housing at bay. 

Once an apartment has been located 
and deemed acceptable. a few 
precautions and some preparations can 
spare everyone concerned some 
headaches. 

Before signing anything, read and 
understand it. Inspect the apartment 
thoroughly, checking every nook and 
cranny for broken furniture and fixtures, 
damaged walls, floors, doors, etc. Every 
mark on the waD, nick in the window 
screen , loose floorboard and cracked tile 
should be carefully documented (the 
OfT-Campus Housing Office has aD the 

Once an apartment has been located and deemed 
acceptable, a few precautions and preparations can 
spare everyone concerned some headaches. 

As far as finding a place to live this 
time of year, when most of the already 
small rental market has been pretty 
thoroughly picked over, "Students will 
have to be flexible ," one person in the 
Housing Office said. 

Although housing is by no means 
abundant, it is available. The OfT-
Campus Housing Office is a favorite 
place to start a sea~h. In addition to 
billboards posted wuh available rooms, 
aparunents, houses. etc., there are 
listings for roommates available and 
roommates wanted. The housing want-
ads from all the local papers are posted 
daily. and there are even phones 
available for the anxious house hunter. 

The Off-Campus Housing Office 
recendy published the OfT-Campus 
Apartment Directory and Housing 
Guide, which is free. The guide contains 
a section of general tips on things to 
look for when apartment hunting. a 
c~mplete chapter on leases. legal tips , a 
dIrectory of useful phone numoers, a 
directory of apamnent complexes 
(including deSCriptions. prices and 
locations), and an apartment check list 
plus sample fonns with explanations. 
Also available is a map of San Diego and 
its many suburbs. 

The resources available at the OfT-
Campus Housing Office only dent the 
surface of the housing market. Gloria 
Spencer, director of the OfTice, 
recommends asking friends. checking 
newspapers, checking bulletin boards 
(outside of supermarkets, in 
laundromats, etc.), and,just keeping aJ.l 
eye out while driving around. 

CaIPIRG even recommends talking to 
newspaper and mail carriers. as they 
often know in advance where vacancies 
can be found . 

According to Spencer, rents average 
about 5250 to 5300 per person. Students 
willing to share rooms can expect to pay 
closer to 5200: Of course. all of this 
depends on the location and condition 
of the apartment and other special 
circumstances. "Students who share 
rental units are often able to live in 
areas such IS Genesee' Highlands or La 
Jolla, in houses they otherwise couldn't 
afTord," Spencer said. 
. HO~ing discrimination, although 
Illegal, 15 frequently hard to prove and is 
regularly encountered in this area. Some 
apartment complexn. for example, will 
not rent to a person who cannot prove 
a 520.000 annual income. while others 
refuse to aDow room sharing. 

Although there is a Significant 

appropriate forms). agreed upon by both 
parties, and signed. This precaution will 
prevent a landlord from deducting last 
year's water damage from this year's 
security depOSit. 

One should have, in writing. how 
much money is owed in first and last 
months' rent, cleaning depOSits and 
security deposits, and how much can be 
expected back, assuming, of course. that 
things are in the same condition when 
moving out. 

Finally, if satisfied with the terms of 
the contract. both parties should sign it 
and keep copies. If there are any doubts 
about the terms or rules. Legal Services 
(which is next door to the OfT-Campus 
Housing Office in Building B) will be 
happy to check it over. Apparently, 
some renters have had blank coritracts 
sitting around for years that now 
contain clauses that have since been 
outlawed. A person cannot be held to 
illegal tenns in a contract. but. according 
to Spencer, many people surrender their 
rights by believing that they have a 
contractual commitment to those 
clauses. 

If everything is settled in advance, 
unpleasant surprises and the ensuing 
hassles can usuaDy be avoided. Spencer 
remarked that problems berween 
roommates are much more common 
than problems with landlords, but the 
same rule applies. Roommate 
agreements, also available in the OfT-
Campus Housing Office, provide a 
contractual agreement between 
roommates that will help insure that the 
phone bill gets paid and the dishes get 
done. 

Discussing in advance how many 
nights over makes a gueS! a pest and 
how late the radio should stay on can 
prevent problems. Of course, if 
roommates do not know each other. the 
discussion should take place before the 
checks are signed. If a roommate bails 
out of a lease, the other roommates may 
be liable to come up with the remaining 
share of rent. 

Emergency housing is available 
through the OfT-Campus Housing Office 
for a maximum of five days al 515 per 
day, and requires seven days' prior 
notice. 

The OfT-Campus Housing Office has 
scheduled three hour-long 
landlord/ tenant information sessions 
per day on September 18, 19 and 20. 
For more information. call 452-
3670. En 

In their last-minute search for a place to live, students tum to the Off-Campus Housing Office. 

Condo nightmare 

There's no place 
like home 

In my first year out of Ihe dorms, 
my roommates-tQ-be found in a last-
minute and frantic summer search a 
beat-up . . foul-smelling, filthy old 
condominium for rent. Since I was 
still 600 miles north in the luxury of 
my "summer home" with Mom while 
my friends were searching, I had 
Htde right to complain about the 
condition of the pface when I firS! 
saw it, expecially when they 
informed me that they had spent ten 
hours a day for seven days cleaning 
before I arrived. Despite their efforts, 
the dwelling stiD had grime and 
grease on the waDs and smelled 
strongly of a dog (which I later 
learned had died there) shortly 
before we moved in. 

The woman who rented the slum-
unit to us swore she was the owner 
but maintained an air of secrecy 
about everything she did. Comicany, 
she demanded a "cleaning deposit," 
but would not give Wl a receipt. Not 
only was our contract vague. it was 
non-existent With the apartment. 
by the way. our "landlady" Valerie 
included her son. who lived 
downsuirs and kepc the same tray of 
greasy spw-ribs or whatever in the 
bottom of the ~n lOr a Wftk. 

A couple of weeks into our stay. 
we receiftd a caB &om a woman 
claiming to be the owner of the 
condominium, who was looking for 
Valerie. As it turned out, the 
mysterious caBer was indeed the 

owner, and she had a lot to say about 
our little, secret, sub-letting 
arrangement 

That was the start of a long and 
miserable battle that involved Legal 
Services. the OfT-Campus Housing 
OfTlce, the San Diego Police, SmaD 
Claims Court Oudge Wapner soon 
became "our pal" in conversations). 
several eviction notices served to 
various indiViduals, and a run-in 
with a man who threatened first to 
throw us OUt on our ear for hurting 
his "little girl ," then to send his 
buddies-the Chargers-out to do 
us bodily harm. 

In the end, after about three 
months, we won out, kept the condo 
until the summer (eventually with a 
real contract and the real owner), 
and now we hope we have heard the 
last of it. 

Like any war, however, the ordeal 
cost us, both in lime and morale and 
if not for some perseverance and 
luck. it would have cos! money as 
well. The really sad part is that after a 
long and grueling fight to protect our 
rights and to k«p a roof over our 
tleads, we ended up with an 
apartment that Slill smelled like a 
dog. 

My roommates and I could have 
avoided our little ordeal if we had 

~en some simple precautions, 
ltstened to our outraged instincts. 
and followed some sound advice . 

-SanWapafI' 



I 
t 

• 
" 
I 

14 Monday , Sept. 17, 1984 
Ne61S ' , " 

Off campus with Ramblin' Robert 

If it's Tuesday, this must be the airport 
By ROBERT LEONE. Staff Writer 

T HE ON-CAMPUS STUDENT lives for those moments off campus, Gening away from suitemates and 
the campus architecture by going to see 
a movie or listen to a rock band helps 
the average student endure the 
monotony of coUege life . 

But to get off campus, one must have 
a destination and a means to reach it. 

In other words, where will you go and 
how will you get there? 

UCSD is blessed with a great many 
things; unfortunately, central location is 
not one of them, One cannot just 
wander off in any location and expect 
to find something, Your first necessity 
for going off campus is a map. You 
probably already have a map of UCSD. 
but a map of La Jolla or. bener yet. the 

San Diego area would be a great help. 
The "Welcome to La Jolla" street map is 
one of the finest guides to La Jolla now 
available. and is obtainable at the 
Scripps Aquarium Bookstore . 

Another map that is useful to a 
specialized group is the UCSD bus map, 
This is a larger-scale reproducllon of the 
standard UCSD outline, but with an 
addition of all the bus routes (Nonh 
County Transit included) that actually 
run on to campus grounds. the VA 
Hospital and Scripps Memorial HospitaL 
A funher aid to using the byzantine San 
Diego buses (where the bus StopS do 
not indicate which lines stop where) is 
the "Regional Transit Map," a complex, 
difficult to read . but rewarding aid 
which unfonunately requires 

LOW 

considerable persistence to obtain, You 
might find a copy at EDNA (the 
information desk in the Student Center), 
but if you do you're lucky, These maps 
include North County Transit routes all 
the way to Oceanside, the Border 
Trolley route, and all express routes , 

For those hearty souls who look 
forward to the T ecate-Ensenada bicyde 
ride. a trip to the Bike Shop in the 
Student Center will yield a San Diego 
County bicycle route map, whose 
p roduction qualities make the bus map 
look good. 

Finally. one can buy an ordinary 
commercial map or ~eetfinder for San 
Diego. These are available almost 
everywhere, 

Now that you have a map. there 

DENT LOANS. 
GD NOWAT 
WELLS FARGO BANK. 

Low ................ , ................... willi c •••••• xp .... L 
Wells Fargo Bank is strong on student loans with the plans, tenns, and money you need 
to minimize financial worries. 
Barrow $1,000 to $8,000 ..... y .... Talc. 5 to 10 y .... to repay. 
Wells Fargo offers two special plans, the California Guaranteed Student Loan (CGSL) 
and the California Loans to Assist Students (CLAS). Both have low, fixed interest 
rates and flexible repayment plans. Depending on your circumstances and the loans you 
choose, you can borrow $1,000 to $8,000 per year and take 5 to ]O years to repay. And 
you may not have to start repaying until after you graduate. 
Quick re.an ... 
You want fast answers to your loan request. Our on-line system gives you quick turn-
around and immediate information about your loan whenever you want it. 
Wells Fargo wants to help finance your education_ Don't delay: Call or write today! 

w ......... ... 
Student Loan Center 

P.O. Box 63095 
San Francisco, CA 94163 

oreall (800) 641-0473 Toll-free/(415) 396-4105 Collect 
Weekdays 8 AM -5:30 PM. 

M MBERfOr C 

remains the question of where to go and 
how to gt:t there. 

The dedicated pedestrian, or the 
desperate pedestrian. should know thar 
UCSD is a remote campus. even though 
there are shopping centers within 15 
minutes' distance of the Undergraduate 
Science Building (USB), Just walk east 
along the path between USB and Mayer 
Hall , stroll to the south end of the 
parking lot that is south of the Basic 
Science Building (don't take the bridge 
over Gilman to the VA Hospital), and 
take the asphalt path to the bridge over 
La Jolla Village Drive. which comes out 
near the Rodeo nightclub. Cross to the 
east side of Gilman, and walk south to 

>CONTtAN.~ Oft) ,~ If> 

AUG.20 SEPT 30 
ART AND DRAFTING 

MATERIALS 

_H.t;. :DaHifIs (h. 
1844 INDIA 232-660 I 

BUSINESS AND 
tECHNICAL MAJORS 

Highly responsible positions for 
college seniors and graduates 
jthrough age 341 In financial 
and logistic support The Na\ty 
Supply Corps needs highly 
qualified, dynamic individuals 
to lead and manage large 
inventory and financial 
networks. Salary SI8,500 to 
start, S34,ooo after 4 years. 
Excellent benefits package. 
Need BA/BS, u.s. citizenship. 
c.lIN"'''~­
Progr ..... , 295-.746, 
Mor..v.o.d. m 4pm. 

Monday, Sept , 17. 1984 15 

Deadline is October 12 

Students required to replace IDs 
By SEAN WAGSTAFF, Associak News EdilOr 

For those srudenrs who haYe not yet 
replaced their student 10 cards. and for 
II new studenrs. photos wiD be raken 
duouah Ocrober 12 at Quonset Hut 324 
on Warren College, Cards for people 
who haYe already had ~sthotos done 
can be picked up at the ier'S tent 
through Ocrober 5. • 

The new photO IDs wit be used as 
IibraIy cards and are required when 
writin£hecks lO the UC Regenrs. The 
bare on the IDs wiD be used for 

checking OUt books through the new 
computerized library system staning 
winter quarter. but the future of the 
magnetic strip on the cards still seems 
uncertain , 

Originally, the student IDs were slated 
to be used as meal cards, but that idea 
seems 10 have been temporarily 
abandoned, A defect in the magnetic 
strip of the original cards resulted in a 
law suit against the company that 
manufactured them. The subsequent 

inconvenience of having 10 replace the 
cards has proved to be a hassle for 
students and administrators alike , 

Apparendy. the magnetiC strips were 
supposed to be laminated with the rest 
of the cards but were included on the 
outer surface instead, The strips were 
easily subject to water damage and were 
deemed unacceptable by the AS, which 
originaDy contracted to have them made 
and paid for with student fees (at a cost 
of $2,50 per student). 

The replacement of the defective 
cards is being paid for by Uniftrsiry 
Graphic Arts, which made the original 
cards. 

The cards can be made with or 
without the student's birth date and can 
also be optionally encoded with the 
social security number on the magnetiC 
strip. 

Any questions concerning the new 
IDs should be directed to extension 
6840 (from campus phones). ~ 

It i i ENnON MUIR SENIORS 
GRADUATING FALL·'84 

A MESSAGE OF 
INTEREST TO THE 

TALENTED PEOPLE 
OF THIS WORLD: 

" )GU pAM to grMuIIte Fall Quarter, 1984, you MUST NNe a final 
degree check ... 1Ubm1t a Degree and Diploma Application form to the 
Muir AcadeI'* AdvIsing Otnce by October 5. 1984. 

EICher come In to the Aaldemk AdvIsing Otnce, H&SS 2126, or call 
452-3510 to rMke an appolllb.iIE'iIt. 

DONT.,.LAY 
F YOU DO NOT HAVE A FINAL DEGREE CHECK AND SUBMIT YOUR 

NPlJCAlION FORM IY ocroaER 5, YOU WILL NOT BE AILE TO 
GIIADlM'YE FALL QUAIrrER 1984. THERE WILL BE NO EXCEI'I'IONSI 

Get a Job at the Guardianll 
Arrange for an interview this week for any of the 

following positions: illustrator/graphic artist, photo-
grapher, and paste-up worker. Our number is 452-
3466, and we're located southeast of Revelle. 

................ MulrColegeyau musttwveCDmpIeIH.'" 180 units for a 
8.A. degi_ 1192 minimum tlDra 8.s. deg"". MuIr CotJege,..,lres a minimum of 
18 uppeHllltllon ClIIUrI8 172 uppeI'dlvllJon unltsl· MaJon granting 8.s. degrees 
/1lIIY rwquh up tID 2] UfJPeI-dMllDn 14 units eachl courses. 

Haven' you lived without us long enough? 

Doonesbury Dossier.: 
The Reagan Yean 
G. B. Trudeau 
Introduction by Gloria Stelnem 
This Trudeau tour de force, his fourth 
major anthology, focuses on the 
foibles and follies of the present 
Administration, both at home and 
abroad. Through its pages (516 daily 
strips and 00 full-color Sundays) we 
travel to Afghanistan, Lebanon and EI 
NA War We Can Win" Salvador, and 
follow intrepid reporter Roland 
Hedley on his perilous "Search for 
Reagan's Brain." Joanie and Rick 
progress from cohabitation to 
marriage and on i,nto parenthood, 
while Mike, using cue cards, courts 
J.J. Zonkerfaces the grim reality 
of impending graduation and job-
search ("What are your general 
areas of interest?" H Aerodynamics_ 
Designer jeans. Roofing supplies. 
That sort of thing. ") and our favorite 

wild man, Duke, leads a sight-seeing 
tour of the Falkland Islands to 
shipwreck ("Sir! We're going down!" 
HI know! Thank God I'm stoned! "), 
then tries to rebuild his life through a 
highly bizarre, DeLorean-style film 
scam. Computer novices Mike and 
the Rev set out to find a sales rep 
they can understand ("consumer 
compatible liveware"); and other 
episodes chart the trends and issues 
of our day, from ERA and the EPA 
through rock and roll and gun 
control. Once again Trudeau takes us 
on a satirical joyride through our 
times. This volume marks the timely 
election-year return to syndication of 
one of America's most popular comic 
strips, and clearly its most political. 

Available In the Unlvenlty Bookstore 
Genera" Book Department. 452-3844 



16 Monday, Sept 17, 1981 

. . " . '«« ~ .. 

Ceramic Studio Uembersb1p 
Non-instructional use of the ' 

ceramic studio and equipment. 
Includes glazes, firing and studio 
access at least 70 hours per week for 
9 weeks. Prerequisite: Beginning 
Ceramics. 
Fees: sIs 528, 1/s/ a 548, n/s 568 plus 
510 materials tee. 

Beg1nD1ng Ceramics 
This sUlVey course will otter the 

person without experience or 
background in ceramics or art the 
opportunity to gain a basic 
foundation in form, function, and 
aesthetics enabling students to 
develop their own creativity through 
the exploration of clay. The primary 
objective of the course is to teach the 
beginning student to success1ully 
make cups and other cylindrical 
forms and to develop an 
understanding of the complete 
ceramic process. Each student will 
be trained in the proper use 01 the 
potter's wheel and in the working 
properties at clay: both at which are 
basic to the polter's art. Elementary 
techniques of glaze application and 
its utilitarian tunction w ill be 
explained. No prerequisites. 9 weeks. 
Sect10nI 
Kathy Gruzdas 
Tuesdays, 6:30 - 9 pm 
Crafts Center, October 2 
November 27 
Fees: si s 528, 1/s/ a 548, n/s 568 
SecUonn 
Ellen Fager 
Wednesdays, 6:30 - 9 pm 
Crafts Center, Oc tober 3 -
November 28 

Beg1n.n1ng Ceramics n 
Jl..n extension at Ceramics I. 

Designed tor the student who feels 
comfortable with centering and can 
throw a simple cylinder . Form and 
function will be more tully explored. 
Oxides, slips and engobes will be 
introduced as surtace decoration 
techniques. Students will gain 
practical kiln loading and tiring 
experience. 9 weeks. Prerequisite: 
Beginning Ceramics 1. 
GWenn Truax 
Saturdays. 9 - 11 :30 am 
Crafts Center, October 6 - December 
1 

This course will emphasize the use 
of and improving proficiency on the 
potter's wheel. More advanced 
(arms will be introduced, including 
the teapot. goblet. and plate. Use of 
the spray gun and other more 
sophisticated glaze and surtace 
decoration techniques will be 
introduced. 9 weeks. Prerequisite: 
Beginning Ceramics. 

Adfc i liced Ceram1ca 
Porcelain GlcDe 

This course will explore the varied 
and colorful potential of the 
porcelain surface. with special 
emphasis on the spectacular zinc 
crystal glazes. Instruction will cover 
throwing and trimming techniques. 
specialized firing schedules, glazing. 
and fundamental glaze theory. 
I ndlvict'ual formulation and 
experimentation will be encour-
aged as a means towards a deeper 
appreciation at the interdepen-
dence at torm and surtace and 
unusual glaze effects. Prerequisite: 
Intermediate ceramics. 9 weeks 
Ellen Fager 
Saturdays, 1:00 - 3:30 pm 
Crafts Center. October 6 - December 
I 

Adt+:'i'ced Ceram1ca 
'I'browtDQ Clinic 
Leam to throw tast, thin. and 
consistent with one ot San Diego's 
premier production potters. 
Through demonstration and 
individual consultation. this course 
will present a host at tOrming and 
decorating tips, alon9 with 
extensive consideration of 
subtleties at torm and tunction. 
Emphasis will be on a theory and 
technique at throwtna which will 
aid experienced pollers in their 
pursuit at greater versatility, 
ett1ciency. and grace. 9 weeks. 
Ed Thompson 
9 - 11:30 am 
Craft Center, 
October 2 - November 27 

Intermediate Ceramics 
Saggar Fir1Dg 

Sawdust. ~eed. dung, rust, and 
rubber will be among the 
combustibles used in firing Simple 
shapes in a saggar firing. Handbuilt 
and thrown forms suitable tor the 
saggar proces will be demonstrated 
along with underglazes and post 
tiring ceramic stains. BI-weekly 
firings are planned. 9 weeks 
Lana Wilson 
Mondays. 6:30 - 9 pm 
Cratts Center. October 1 - November 
26 

Beg1n.n1ng Recorder 
The recorder is an ideal 

introduction to music, as well as an 
en j oyable addition to the 
experienced musician's skills . 
Although recorders are traditionally 
made from wood. in recent years. 
plastic recorders have become very 
popular. These can be purchased 
very inexpensively from most music 
stores. In this course, we will cover the 
fingerings for 27 notes. This will 
enable the student to play the vast 
majority o( music written for 
recorder. and much of the music 
written for other instruments. The 
materials we will work on include 
some basic scales and exercises. as 
well as several songs. ranging irom 
classical to folk to popular melodies. 
There will also be some supplement-
ary pieces provided to augment the 
material covered in the classroom. 
No previOUS musical experience ts 
necessary. Students must provide 
their own instrument. 9 weeks 

Ed Thompson 
Thursdays, 6 :30 - 9 pm Diane Anshell 

Watercolor. DluatratlOn 
An introduction to the watercolor 

process. with emphasis on illustration 
and composition. The course will 
i nstruct you in the various 
applications and the control of 
watercolor pigments. Simple rules o( 
thumb (or composition will be 
demonstrated or reviewed to 
enhance the presentation of your 
work. Field trips later in the quarter. A 
good course for those who wish to 
render their ideas in color quickly. 
Prerequisite: some drawing skills are 
helpful. but not required. 9 weeks 
David Behlke 
Tuesdays, 6 :30 - 9 pm 
Crafts Center, October 2 - November 
27 

Beg1DD1Dg 011 patnttng 
A course designed tor the student 

who would like to develop an 
understanding 01 the versatile 
medium of oil painting. Composition 
and color theory will be explored. as 
well as paint application and 
glazing techniques. Students will 
work from still We. landscape and the 
human figure. Some classes will be . 
held outdoors on campus and by the 
ocean A brief history o( paintingwlll 
be explained in the torm at slide 
lectures. 
Stephanie Hunt 
Saturday, 1 - 3:30 pm 
Crafts Center. Odober 6 -December 
I 

=60'--'" A.a,.,. 
Draw1Dg 

A beginner's guide to drawing. 
The course will instruct you to draw 
with clarity what you see. Emphasis 
will be placed on understanding 
and developing eye -hand 
coordination. Basic "tools of the 
trade" will be demonstrated and you 
will draw each class meeting. The 
Instructor will work closely with you. 9 
weeks. 
David Behlke 
Tuesdays. 3:30 - 6 pm 
Room T8A. Odober 2 - November 27 

Basic Guttar 
This course is designed to provide 

the student with a basic chord 
vocabulary. so that a large amount 
of material of any style may be 
played. It begins with the mait 
corrunonly used chords in "open" 
position. and progresses through to 
"bar" chords, which can be played In 
any key. The course materials range 
irom old tavorites and standards to 
popular material and at the end of 
the course the student will be ready 
to approach a large range of 
material in whatever style of music 
they prefer. In each hour session the 
students will be given two or more 
new chords of progressing d1111cu1ty, 
and several songs to take home and 
practice using the new chords. The 
material from the previous week will 
be reviewed in class. and each 
student will be given pointers as to 
how to improve their playing 
capabilities. 9 weeks. 
Howard Anshell 
Thursday, 5 - 6 pm 
Crafts Center, Odober 4 - November 
29 

i , )W,; •• ~ •• ' -.,' ~-!«.:<~ 

BegInning Photography 
Instruction in the basic concepts 

and sJc1lls ot photographic tools and 
techniques, with an emphasis In 
recognlzing and exploiting the 
camera as a tool. The class will be 
taken step-by-step from camera 
operation to accurate tilm 
processing to eUicient printing 
techniques through final presenta-
tion methods. Class includes use of 
darkroom tacility. No prerequisites. 9 
weeks. 
Carlos Reyes 
Mondays, 6 - 9 pm 
Room TBA. October 1 - November 26 

Crafts Center, October 4 _ November Monday, 5 - 6 pm 

~C CRAFl'S CEN;;;,e;~-NQ;arter' 84 For additional information, call: TIlE CIlAFTS CENTER • 452-2021 

Jewelry. on Pa1nHng 

1Dt8llll8d1cde' Pbotography 
An extension of beginning 

photography designed tor the 
student familiar with camera use 
and tUm development. 

Emphasis will be on advanced 
techniques of black and white 
printing. Creative control and use of 
camera and tUm w1ll be 
encouraged. Class includes use of 
darkroom (acility. Prerequisite: 
Beginning Photography. 9 weeks. 
Carlos Reyes 
Wednesdays. 6 - 9 pm 
Room TBA. October 3 -November 28 

Dc:abOOD "emJ»rab1p 
Non-instructional. unlimited use at 

the Crafts Center daricroom. Black 
and white facility only. Prerequisite: 
Beginning Photog~y. 9 weeks. 

Fiber reactive dyes and · the 
principle of wax resist are used to 
apply a sturdy design to cotton or silk 
(abric. Leam how to use tjanting 
tools, tjaps (stamps). and brush work 
to produce a variety of exciting 
textures. We will explore traditional 
approaches and contemporary 
applications including design cues 
for possible uses (or your tabric. In 
addition, stretching. trapunto. and 
other stuffing techniques will be 
demonstrated. Tools and equipment 
will be included: tabric and dyes to 
be provided by the students, 9 weeks. 
Georgia Laris . 
Wednesdays. 6 - 8:30 pm 
CratIs Center, October 3 - November 
28 
Fees: s/s $28, 1/s/a & n/s 548 

PoItN1ta cmcl PdDta 
Thls intenned1ate cowse will tocus 

on taking pictures at people. Phot06 
will be taken both in and out at the 
clas5room. Special attention will be 

give~ to lighting problems and 
composition. The negatives will then 
be used to create cWterent images 
through the use ot darkroom 
techniques such as toning and 
kodaliths. Presentation of the final 
prints includes Instruction in 
mounting and tram1ong. Please 
bring camera and Tri-X film to first 
class meeting. 9 meetings. 
Prerequisite: previous black and 
white daIkroom experience. 
Louise King 
Tuesdays. 6:30 - 9 pm 
Cratts Ceneter, October 2 -
November 27 

BegiDI11Dg Stmned QJaa 
An introduction to the six basic 

steps necessary (or the completion of 
his/her own stained glass panels. The 
participants will finish two basic glass 
projects in cla55. Many "how to" tips 
will be demonstrated as well as the 
essentials of designing, pattem 
maJcing, glass cutting, assembly. 
soldering and putty application. 
Individuals will work closely With the 
instructor. A tun class for those who 
like process. Most tools provided; 
glass and lead purchased 
spearately. 9 weeks 
MaN Dull 
Thursdays, 6 - 8:30 pm 
Cratls Center, October 4 - November 
2Q 

Intermediate Stmned QIaa 
Protes1onal techniques of working 

in glass will be presented including 
etching, copper fail, lamination, 
structural design. three dimenstional 
work and hinges. Students are 
requested to bring ideas. completed 
work or work in progress to the first 
class meeting. 9 weeks 
MaIV Dull 
Thursday, 7 pm - 9 pm 
Cratls Center, October 4 - November 
29 

JetNlry Uattng 
Learntng the art of l06t wax casting. 
basic fabrication skills. and stone 
setting techniques for creating your 
own jewelry designs in silver. gold. or 
non-precious metals. Emphasis will 
be on developing design skills. 
specifically for jewelry and 
becoming familiar with each stage 
of the fabricating process. Students 
will learn to use a variety of hand 
and power tools, as well as torches 
and casting equipment. Some time 
will be spent discussing the use at 
gemstones in jewelry and their 
Identification as well as certain 
lapidary techniques. Students will 
have the opportunity to complete 
several pieces of jewelry during the 
COUl'S6. 9 weeks. 

Lynn Susholtz 
Mondays, 6:30 - 9 p .m . 
Cratl Center, 
October 1 - November 26 

QuDbnaktng 
A variety of traditional and 

contemporary quiitmaklng 
techniques will provide quick results 
for the beginner and new 
dimensions for the continuing 
student. Sashika, a 4000 year old 
Japanese technique, candle 
Wiclc1ng, Hawaiian applique and 
strip patching will be included. The 
course will cover both hand and 
machine stitching, as well as all 
t1n1sh1ng work. 9 weeks 
Ruth Briggs 
Mondays. 6 - 9 pm 
N. Can. Rm Student Center 
October 1 - November 26 

Monday. Sept. 17. 1984 17 

StJJr'C'IMD8d T-ab1ds 
Print your own designs or log06 on 

t-shirts by learning the photo-stencil 
silkscreen process. This pradlcal 
introduction to sillcscreen printing 
will cover creating your own design, 
screen and stencil preparation, 
single and multiple color designs, 
and the screening process. You will 
be able to wear the finished product 
home - a personally designed and 
hand sillcscreened t-shirt. Prerequis-
ites: photography helpful but not 
necessary. 9 weeks 
Chet Wooding 
Saturdays, 9 - 11 :00 am 
Crafts Center, October 6 -December 
I 

Learn how to gather and prepare 
materials tram San Diego 's 
abundant date paim trees. Weave a 
beautiful serving basket or pradical 
container. The texture and quality of 
the materials create an unususal. 
unique and strong basket. All 
materials provided. 2 meetings. 
Pat MacGlllis 
Saturdays,I - 5pm 
Cratls Center, November 3 & 10 

TOINf ~ Neeen. IawJrets 
WorJrabop 

The Torrey pine tree grows in only 
a few places in the world and this 
area is one at them. Using the 
needles from this special tree, we will 
create beautiful and unique baskets. 
Learn how to prepare materiaS. 
various basketry techniques. and 
how to shape a basket. Each student 
will complete a basket by the end of 
the second day and will have the 
knowledge and skills to create many 
more. All matertals are provided. 2 
sessions. 
PatricIa MacGUUs 
Saturdays, 1 - 5 pm 
Cratls Center, November 17 & 24 



18 Monday. Sept 17. 198~ 

Off campus· 
La Jolla Village Square. There you will 
find Ralphs, Sav-On, BJ .'s Chicago 
Pizza, and the La jolla Village Theaters. 
If you keep walking south, you will 
come across the Lajolla Village Square 
shopping man proper. 

Another, much larger ana tonier mall 
is the University Towne Centre, located 
at the. intersection of Genesee Avenue 
and La jolla Village Drive. It is 'a bit too 
far for the casual stroller, although the 
bicyclist and those who don't mind 
trespassing cross country should find 
UTC easily within range. 

A third shopping venue IS downtown 

La Jolla. However. the average round-tri p 
time by foot from [he Revelle fountain to 
Girard and Pearl is th ree hours, in pan 
because of [he nasty hill on Torrey Pines 
Road. 

For the naturalist, a fine , distinctive 
and easily reached park is the Torrey 
Pines State Reserve. This area, located 
just past the Torrey Pines Inn golf 
course, IS named after a rare tree that 
only exists naturaUy on and near the 
park site and on Santa Rosa Island . 
Since the park also includes several high 
sandstone promontories overlooking the 
Pacific, it is a fine place for whale 
watching. 

Those who desire a less strenuous 
hike (the park is abcut 30 minutes away 
by foot) don't have to leave the campus. 
Those wanting to be alone can find 
places ranging from the back of the 
Mandell-Weiss Theater to the lost 
segment of the Pacific Coast Highway 

(nonh of Central Library). 
10 itself IS not a bad destination for 

people interested in beaches, ocean 
biology, or dead coelacanths. 

Black's Beach is still the nearest 
surfing and tanning SpOt, but access is 
affected by a monster hill above the 
beach. 

Then there is the airpon. San Diego 
International Airpon can be reached by 
taking the 34 bus to Broadway and 
Kenner, then crossing the street to take 
the 2 bus to the airpon. Be sure to get a 
transfer. 

There are also swap meets at the 
Spons Arena, plus local attractions such 
as the Mission Bay Aquatic Center, 
Fashion Valley Shopping Center, and 
Tijuana. 

That about-sums up the where. 
Then there is the how. 
Foot transpon has its advantages (all 

you need are a working pair of feet and 

good shoes) and I[S d isadvantages (slow 
speed and personal laziness usually 
mean short-range jaunts, even for the 
fltlest ). 

Bicycling has its own peculiar 
problems (where to keep the bike and 
how to keep it from rusting 111 the moist 
air and morning mists of La jolla), but it 
has the advantage of speed over 
walking. However, one should always 
remember that San Diego's topography 
is a series of mesas, and that climbing 
hiUs is nOl uncommon-especially near 
UCSD-for the bicyclist. 

With motorized transpon, you can go 
anywhere (subject to the highway . 
restrictions on smaB motorcycles and 
mopeds). On the ocher hand, you have 
to pay for gas, find and fight for 
parking. and deal with other asundry 
chores (don't forget to chanse your 
oil). i:J 

WHY RENT FURNITURE? 
BUY AT LOW, LOW PRICES 

Student Desk _____ 39.95 
4 ~wer Chest 24.95 
Dinette 99.00 

PALS FURNI1URE 

NAVAL OFFICER CAREER 
OPPORTUNITIES AND 

SCHOLARSHIP PROGRAMS 
NAVY OFFICER RECRUITERS WILL BE ON CAMPUS ON 

2 & 8 NOV, AT THE PLACEMENT OFFICE TO DISCUSS 

NAVY CAREER AND SCHOLARSHIP PROGRAMS 

FULL SCHOLARSHIPS 
NUCLEAR ENGINEER 

OPERATING ENGI NEER: Pr ima ry r esponsibilities include supe rvision of operating nuclear 
propulsion s yst emS on subma r i nes and surface ships. 
DESIGN/RESEARCH ENGINEER: Workin g on Nu cl ea r Rea c tor's staff in Wa shington, D.C. in 
the planning, t es ting and desi gn fields of t omorrow's nuclear powe red ships. 
PROFESSIONAL INSTRUCTOR : Tea chi ng the ma th, chemistry, physics and engineering 
as pects of nucl ea r en ginee ring to highly motivated, intelli gent s tudents on both 
the graduate and un de r gr ad ua t e levels. 
SCHOLARSHIPS AVA ILABLE TO: Exceptional st udents in En gineering and Science majors 
du rin g their Juni or and Senio r yea rs, wi th $1 ,000 per mon th whil e in s chool. 

HEALTH PROFESSIONS SCHOLARSHIP 

HEALTH PROFESS10NS SC HOU, RSHTP PROCRAl'I: S,ho )<l rsh i ps aV<1ilahle a t acc r edited Medical/ 
Os t eo pathic s cbool s i n th e' Un i t ed St;lt eS, l b,11 I' '' ys full t uit ion , books, f ees, plus a 
mon t h l y stipend. Sp<,ca lity t raining i s a\' a iJ. ,hl e . 

CAREER OPPORTUNITIES 
NAVAL AVIATOR / FLIGHT OFFICER 

fly je ts , Tur bo-p rol' or Ro tary win g a ircraf t . L<' nrn t o fly the world ' s 
mObt soph is ti cat ed <1 ir c raf t . No previ ous xpt' ri nc necessa r y . 

SUPPLY / FISCAL OFFICER 
Navy ' s bu siness specal i s t s . E>.tc utive lC'vc l dllties in purchaSi ng , 
Finnnc ial Management, Comput e r sys t ems and o t l,C' r busi n e~s r e l a t ed 
a r ea s . 

NAVY RECRUITlfJG DISTRICT 
SAN DIEGO (619) 293-6746 

Uimps _______ 9.97 
Mettress & Box 59.95 

7534 ClCliremont Mesa Blvd. 
576-8311 

·SA LE 
AUG. 20 - SEPT 30 

ART AND DRAFI'ING 
MATERIALS 

.H.y. DaHiels {h. 
1844 INDIA 232-660 1 

SAVE AT fl f l{ -TE K 
TEXAS INSTRUMENTS ... 

1IA· 2 133 I TJ.S~ · 2 133 
TI ·_ 25 TI·~1 2J 
IIA-SS _3 THCD·PI!OG 541 

. IIA '~ TI-II 52 
El SlOG! 
EL S500! 
CE I26P 
El SI2T 

'_3 • PC l250A 110 
70 .... C( .25 !~, 

S~ PC _ 110 
21 CE 1541 .15 

HEWlETT·PACKARD 
LCD PROBLEM SOLVERS 

HP'I1C Scalldoc S56 
HP" 5C Scientlhc . 90 
HP·'2C Fonancoal . 90 
HP·'6C l'I19a- 90 

.... ,CY .... .... . 5'" 

.... ,Q . ...... . .. 245 
Oooc~ """ c""'_ 
PnnleJ (8214 JAI 
" ·K_auaMS 
HP' ll Module 
HP· ll PtK'lIfl' / PIoI:lel 
Acoustc MOdem 
DIg C~s5tl1e OflVt 
ttltnlo.JelPtIflltf 
OSlO 0 Ol~ I)r tvP 

9~ 
,,~ 
283 

195 
335 
395 
33S 
315 
600 

TOI. ~I(f ClIO£', Jri£ 
IJO tt" a Q 

f I I Pl I 1,,,. \ 41cl\'0 11 ... c 

.... ,CY 
5161 

.u~ .. ~ ...... /lMIr W,. " .............. ' ..... l 
0... -..., Iri ',n , ... " ", It,ll , """" (Ol t ...... ht 
... ' I ... .., I "," ,1ItII4I ~ 11 +I ~HU" , .. ". Pt. ... 
... • ..... -1 .... " ......... · ... - .... "'--........... "' .. _.-
.W. In ...... Me co.ftPI 

History Department 
Course Listings for Fall, 1984 

lA. Latin American Iberian Empire 
Lecture-discussion survey describing the origins of highly-stratified societies with a 
tendency to authoritarian rule. It railleS such basic problema as mass poverty, racial 
prejudice and democratic politics to the legacies of three centuries of Spanish and 
Port\J&UeIe rule. Eric Van YOUI\II apecializes in colonial Latin America with emphasis on 
Mexico. Tfh, 10:00-11:20, H&'SS 1106. 

2A. United State. Hutory 
United States history from colonial times to the present concentrating on social, economic 
and political developmentl. Doris Andrews apedalizes in United States colonial history. 
MWF, 10:00-11:50, H&'SS 2250. 

lAo European Social TbouPt 
European lOCial development and IOClal theory from the later medieval period to the 
twentieth century. Important writinp will be considered both as respol1le8 to and as 
provocations for lOCial chanae in Europe. Kathryn Norberglpecializes in the lOCial history 
of Old Rqime France and the French Revolution. M WF, 11 :00-11 :SO, H&'SS 1330. Also 
see current IIChedule for additional sections and lecture. 

78. Race and Ethnidty in the United Statee 
A lecture..<fiacussion course on the comparative ethnic history of the United States. Of 
central concern will be the Asian-American and white ethnic groups, race, oppression, 
mass migrations, ethniciry, city life in industrial America, and power and protest in 
modern America. Tom Dublin. MWF, 1:00-1:50, USB 2622. 

~. Qripna and Conaequenca of Underdevelopment 
A lecture course covering the history of the Third World peoples of Asia, Africa, and 
Latin America surveyed from the fifteenth century to 1900. It traces the origins of 
European empires, the interrelationship between these empires and the process of 
underdevelopment, the meaning of imperialism as an experience shared by Third World 
people, and the beginning of indigenous resistance to imperialism. Edward Reynolds 
specializes in African history. Tfh 11:30-12:50, TLH 104. 

29. Women in AmeriQll Thought 
An exploration of the relationship between changing popular attitudes about women and 
the emergence of feminist theories. Topics will include Puritan women, the culture of 
domesticity, emergence of the Women's Movement, images of feminine beauty, women 
and progressive reform, women in the movies, the impact of World War U and 
com temporary feminist theories. Readinllll will be drawn from history and literature. 
Rachel Klein specializes in cultural, early national, and nineteenth-century U.S. history. 
TTh 11:30-12:50, H&'SS 2250. 

I04A. The RUe of Europe 
The development of European lOCiety and cult~re from the decline of the Roman Empire 
to 1300. Leon Slota i. a specialist in Medieval History . MWF 1:00-1:50, H&'SS 2333. 

104Q, Spedal To"," in Medieval History 
Intensive Study of special problema or periods in the history of Medieval Europe. Leon 
Slota is a specialist in Medieval Hiatory. M 3:00-5:50, USB 40308 . 

110A. Ruaaia: 800-1855 
The roots of Russian backwardness. The 10RK-range historical impact of dominant 
personalities (Ivan the Terrible, Peter the Great, Catherine the Great) will be assessed. 
Robert Edelman specializes in Soviet social structure in the 1920's as well as 
prerevolutionary Russian political development, comparative revolution, neo-Marxist 
thought, and European allTicultural history. TTh 11 :30-12:50, H&'SS 2305. 

111Q, War in the 20th Century 
An examination of the relations between the U.S.S.R., Western Europe, and the United 
States from the perspective of the East European nations. The course will use Poland as an 
example and case study of the problems that have arisen. Judith M. Hughes specializes in 
modern European diplomatic and political history as well as the history of England. Th 
1:00-3:50, TEH 102. 
119Q, Modern German Thoupt 
Freud and afrer. David Luft specializes in intellectual history of Central Europe since 1890. 
M 1 :00-3:50, H&SS 6008. 

121. Modern German Hiltory 
A lectltte-dillCussion course on the political and aocial history of Germany during the 19th 
and 20th centuries. Allan Mitchell apecializes in Franco-German history. Tfh 10:00-
11:20, TLH 110. 

122. Modern Britisb History 
Emphasis on cha."!ges in social structure and CO!'responding shifts in political power. The 
expansion and the end of the empire. Two World Wars and the erosion of economic 
leadership. Judith M. Hughes specializes in modern European diplomatic and political 

- history as well as the hiatory of England. Tfh 8 :30-9:50, TLH 110 . 

124. Social & Cultural History oi Europe 
Europe in the post-European world. The failure of the war-time Resistance. The 
restoration of bourgeois society. Economic boom and slump. The new role of 
meritocracy, labor unions, and public enterprise. Population shifts and the problems of 
women and foreign workers. Neo-realism, existentialism, and the German cultural revival. 
Thaw and refreeze in Eastern Europe. The european Economic Community. The Peace 
Movement. H.S. Hughes specializea in modern European intellectual history and in Italian 
history. MWF 9:00-9:50, H&'SS 1106. 

1 U;'. Vienna 19001 Sex. Ptyche & Politics 
This k'Cture-discusaion course on Austrian history emphaaizea the crisis of liberal culture 
in the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries: the context for Freud and Hitler. DaVid 
S. Luft specializea in the intellectual history of Central Europe llince 1890. Tfh 11:30-
12:SO, H&'SS 1106. 

ilIA. The British Empire Since 1781 
The political and economic development of the British Empire, including the evolution of 
colonial nationalism, the development of the commonwealth idea, and changee in British 
colonial policy. John S. Galbraith specialiU'1 in the History of the British Empire. MWF 
10:00·10:50, MCC 124. 

140A. Colonial Latin America 
The history of Latin America from 1400 to 1600. Lectures, readinlJll and discuuions with 
emphasis on the hiltory of Spain and Portugal, the great pre-Colombian civiliJations of the 
New World (Inca, Aztec, Maya), and the lIieof exploration and conquest. Eric Van Young 
specializes in colonial Latin America with emphasis on Mexico. Tfh 4:00-5:20, H&SS 
2154. 

152. History of the Far Weet 
The trans-Mississippi West, emphasizing the Pacific slope and the time since the migration 
of the 1840's. Earl Pomeroy specializes in the history oft he American West and problema 
of regional development. MWF 9:00-9:50, PH 102. 

155A. Social and Economic Hutory of the Southwest 
An introduction to American borderland hiatory with special emphasis on economic and 
social developments of the border States during the 18th and 19th centuries. The course is 
deailPled to present various interpretations of American Southwestern history. Ramon 
Gutierrez specializes in Chicano history, Spanish borderlands and colonial Latin America. 
TTh 11:30-12:50, TLH 109. 

155Q, Colloquium In Mexican-American Hiltory 
This course will examine the historicalliterarure concerned with the Mexican American 
people in the United States. Specific topics of discussion will include immigration, 
urbanization, and assimilation of this population from the mid-nineteenth century to the 
present. Ramon Gutierrez specializes in Chicano history, Spanish borderlands and 
colonial Latin America. T. 3:00-5:50, TIH S02. 

157. Triaia of America 
An in-depth look at the famous civil and criminal trials that have shaped the legal and 
constitutional history of the United States since the Colonial period. The relationship 
between the American legal system and social change will be explored through a study of 
cases such as those involvIng John Peter Zenger, Marhury .,. Madison, Dred Scort, Eugene 
Debs, the Scottsboro Boys, Alger Hiss, and Richard l\' ixon .,. United Stales. Michael E. 
Parrish, specializes in the political history of the United States in the twentieth century. 
MWF 1:00-1 :50, H&SS 1106. 

158B. Economic Hiltory of the United States 
A two-quarter course exploring the development of the American economy from the 
colonial period to the present. Emphasis will be on the social and political dimensions of 
economic change: class structure and relations, standards ofliving, the process and impact 
of industrialization, regional and national economi~s, the labor market and the role of the 
state. The first quarter will consider the transformation of America from a preindustrial to 
an industrial society. The second quarter will examine the makings of the current 
economic crisis. Steven Hahn specializes in history of the South, agrarian history and the 
origins of populism. MWF 1:00-1 :50, APM 2313. 

159A. Afro.American History 
A lecture-discuuion course on the history of Afro-Americans from the colonial period to 
the present. Anthony Parent specializes in Afro-American history. TTh 10:00-11 :20, 
APM 2250. 

159Q, CoUoquium on Afro-AmeriQll Hiltory 
ReadinlJll for advanced students in the history of the Afro-American in American society. 
Anthony Parent specializes in Afro-American history. Th 2:30-3:20, H&SS 3086. 

169A. American Foreilll Policy 
A two-quarter course in the history of American foreign policy and diplomacy covering 
the period from the establishment of the colonies to the present. The course deals with the 
policy of the United States and the forces-intellectual, economic, cultural and social-which 
shaped that policy. Richard Hunt. TTh 2:30-3:50, H&'SS 1128. 

170A. Governmentl & Politics of the Middle East 
This is a two-quarter course that offers an introduction to the politiCS of the Middle East. It 
sets the Middle East in an historical, geollTaphic, religious and culrural context and then 
focuses on a survey of all the Middle Eastern countries: the Arab world, Turkey, Iran and 
Israel. A central part of this investigation is an examination of the dynamics of inter-Arab 
relations and the nature of various regional conflicts. The second quarter of the course may 
be taken without having taken the first, but any student doing this should indicate that 
he/ she is doing so to the instructor at the beginning of the course. Jacob Goldberg. TTh 
6:()()" 7:20. 

InA. The Arab-laraeli Conflict- Pre-19-48 
The course will anal yze the evolution of the Arab-Israeli conflict from the late 19th century 
to the conclusion of the 1948 war and the establishment of the state of Israel. It will focus 
on an assessment of the positions and objectives of the various participants in the conflict: 
the Arab states, the Palestinians and the Zionist movement. It will also ~xamine the impact 
of general Middle East problema on the Arab-Israeli conflict and evaluate various possible 
solutions. Jacob Goldberg. TTh 7:30-8:50. 

175A. History of Africa to 1880 
A survey of pre-colonial Africa, concentrating on ancient Africa,the role of Islam in 
African history, the medieval status of West Africa. East Africa in medieval times, the 
Forest Kingdoms of West Africa, state formation in East and Central Africa, the slave 
trade and abolition and European penetration of the interior. Edward Reynolds specializes 
in African history. TTh 1:00-2:20, P&L 1110. 

175Q, Marxist Method and Hiltorical Analysil 
This colloquium will attempt to synthesize theoretical and histoncal writings with a view 
toward understanding Marxist approaches to historical study. Readings include: Marx and 
contemporary American and European historians. Robert S. Edelman, specializes in 
Soviet social structure in the 1920's as weil as pre-revolutionary Russian political 
development, comparative revolution, neo-Marxist thought and European agricultural 
history. T 2:00-4:50, H&SS 3086. 

180A. Early Japanese Hiltory 
An examination of Modern Japan through Japanese "eyes": twentieth century novels and 
films. The central theme will be the ways in which the Japanese have sought to understand 
their own traditions in the context of a changing world. William Kinzley is a specialist in 
the history of Japan. MWF 12:00-12:50, TLH 110. 

18OQ, Modem Japaneee History: Japan and It'l World 
William Kindey is a specialist in the history of Japan. M 3:00-3:50 TlH 102. 

181A. History of Cbineee ThouPtt and Society: The AncieDt Imperial Period 
This exciting course explores the origins of Chinese thouaht and institutions, and many of 
the patterns and ideas developed then still have relevance in China today. Lanny Fields 
lpecialiJea in the history of the Ch'in Dynasty, Third Century B.C. MWF 10:00-10:50, 
H&SS 2154. 



, 

. " 

• 

• 

20 Monday, Sept. 17, 198'f 

A College 
By Any Other Nam 
By JAMES RALPH PAPP, Slaff Writer 

T HE UNDERGRADUATE who arrives at UCSD knows that he or she is a member of a 
college, and perhaps even knows which 
one it is. But what is it? 

For some il is, fi rst of all, a collection 
of fewer general education requirements 
than the other three colleges, if the 
student's motives are easily interpreted , 
or a greater collection, if the student has 
been led astray. For it is, in addition, an 
area of ground , supporting a collection 

of either cheerfully ugly bungalows, non-
deSCript stucco haCiendas, or what in 
underdeveloped countries would be 
called skysc rapers: "This blessed plot , 
this eanh , this realm, this (Revelle , Muir, 
Third , or Warren)," as Shakespeare 
would have sald , if he had gOt past 
grammar school. 

FinaDy, il is a core of administrators, 
a few men and women who shape the 
destinies of the colleges, and a few 
secretaries who prevent the students 
from ever seeing those men and women. 
And this is the extent of the average 
student's cognizance of his or her 
college. 

At Oxford and Camblidge, after 
which UCSD was modeled, the 
distinctions among the colleges are 
more pronounced. Trinity Hall, 
Cambridge, is a rowing college; 
Peterhouse, Cambridge, a feuding 
college. At Oxford , Oriel is a college 

where the members walk on the dinner 
tables, due to shortness of space on the 
floor. One of the college of Cambridge-
and fo rtunately I cannOl remember 

, which- possesses the embalmed head 
of Cromwell. Magdalene (prounced 
Maudlin) College accepts only men, and 
New Hall, Lucy Cavendish and 

ewnham accept only women. King's 
accepts commoners, and Queens' those 
of all sexual persuasions. 

Even between the great universities of 

Oxford and Cambridge there are 
definite distinctions, although 
movement between them is not 
unknown. In a scholarly dispute the 
writer Evelyn Waugh advised the 
Oxford historian Hugh Trevor-Roper, 
"One honourable course is open to Mr. 
Trevor-Roper. He should change his 
name and seek a livelihood at 
Cambridge." Taking Mr. Waugh 's advice, 
many years later the professor became 
the Lord Dacre of Glanton and the 
Master of Peterhouse. 

Distinctions among UCSD colleSts are 
more difficult to discem. Professors 
belonging to each coUege are 
indIscriminately distributed among all 
the campus buildings; students do not 
own college ties or blazers; and the 
college dean and provost are only let out 
by their secretaries in the evening when 
eve rybody else has left. In spite of these 
difficulties , I shall endeavor to create a 

portrait, a sort of police composite 
drawing, of the characteristic slIdent . 
from each college. If you recognize 
yourself under the wrong category, it is 
time to transfer to another college. If you 
recognize yourself under no categories, 
decide whether you are beuer or worse , 
and in the lauer case find another 
university (San Diego has many which 
make claim to being universities), and 
in the former, commit yourself to an 
institute- fo r psychiatric help in 
overcoming your delusions. 
Revelle: This is the oldest college, and 
therefore it has the most elderly, un-
graduated undergraduates. It is the home 
of the tenured student, and there is 
virtuaUy no limit on how long one can stay. 
Roger ReveUe himself, at age 75, still 
inhabits the lower portions of the 
Humanities Ubrary buildling, just as 
University College, London, is said to be 
subject to t~e nocturnal ramblings of 
Jeremy Bentham, whose skeleton the 
College is lucky enough to contain. 

One recognizes Revelle students by a 
facial expression that is supposed to 
denote deep thought on duU and 
sc holarly subjects (if that is not 
redundant) . But it reaDy Signifies a 
brooding suspicion that everyone from 
the other colleges is geuing by with less 
work. When the Revelle student realizes 
that this is perfecdy correct, growing 
depression joins the characteristic facial 
expression. This is why the waiting list 
to get out of ReveUe College is even 
larger than the waiting list to get in. 

ReveUe undersraduates lift themselves 
out of this slough of despond with 
periodic auempts to destroy civilization 
as we know it. During these periods, 
avoid their dormitories. OccasionaDy the 

students have tried to bum down 
ReveUe, and the good old gendeman was 
none too pleased, even though he has 
remained impervious to their efforts. 
Muir: In contrast, the inhabitants of 
Muir are geat supporters of Civilization, 
being among its primary beneficiaries. 
Muir began as a college for the 
humanities, but like many once 
exclusive clubs it now admits anybody. 
Here the students walk upright (not 
having to support too many books or 
too much labor), are seen out during the 
day (not having to hide sallow skin and 
dark circles under their eyes), and 
possess the privileged cheerfulness of 
people who are doing what they want to 
do. 

The scholars qf ReveDe like to be told 
what to do, but those of Muir like to tell 
others what they do, so beware of long 
and one-sided conversations on the 
subject of Muir students' majors. It was 
originaUy enthusiasm for a particular 
area that made these people enroll in a 
college in which they would not have to 
absorb the rest of the world's knowledge 
as well (e .g. Revelle's humanities 
program). 

The fact that my colleg is Muir is not 
so much evidence of bias on my pan 
towards this sujbect as it is proof of my 
general good judgment. You will find aU 
Muir students like this in their fairness 
and amiability of judgment. These are 
the qualities ~t make it unnecessal')' 
for us to prevari(;ate in our favor. • 
Third: This seemingly extraordinary 
name is left over from UCSD's days of 
generic coUegts. It is easy to see that this 
college attracts controversy. since in the 

)(..".IW." ON '11", '&'f " r 
• 

Monday. Sept 17, J 984 21 
~eultE:S -

. ;..; "::; ..~ .. .,.", , 

TGIF 
- Thanh God It's Finished! 
By USA IAPIN, Staff Wriltr 

A s YOU DRIVE up the hill on the Third College campus, heading east and enjoying the canyon 
view of Central Library, you round a 
bend and suddenly the mammoth 
concrete Central Ubrary disappears. It 
was there last year when you got to the 
top of the hill . Where'd it go? 

On the year's first major grocery 
expedition to Ralphs, you are inflicted 
with a new problem: no parking at La 
Jolla Village Square. Someone had the 
gaU to build a huge building and take 
up most of the parking lot. What in the 
world is it? 

A Sqxember surfing expedition to 
Scripps Pier stans off fine. You park in 
the Scripps lot and take the long way by 
the aquarium to get to the beach. You 
then notice that the guy who parked 
after you did is now on the horizon 
waiting for a sweD. How did he get onto 
the beach and into the waves before 
you? 

If you have asked yourself any of 
these puzzling questions, you are not 
alone. Anyone who was absent from 
UCSD over the summer break won't 
know what's going on either. 

The whole UCSD community has 
experienced a summer blossoming of 
construCtion that students didn't know 
about when finals ended last June. So, 
welcome back and let us fill you in on 
some of the goings-on: 
On campus 

There is a whole new road system out 

by the new apartments at Warren 
College. For most of June and part of 
July, it was impossible to get from Third 
to Warren without going around Muir 
and Revelle first. The roads were 
blocked for a month , and those who 
were on campus waited eagerly for them 
to be completed. 

The final result: four new stOP signs, a 
four-comer intersection. and the 
elimination of the bend that veered by 

the library. AU of this may seem like a 
lot of unnecessary trouble to the veteran 
student, but it is supposed to eventually 
ease congestion caused by the new 
cement block apartments (when they are 
ready for occupancy, of course). 

UCSD's first building to contain 
traditional Ivy League brick was 
completed on the eucalyptus-covered 
entrance to Third College. For those 
who weren't aware, this Mexican-
American style building is the new 
Institute of the Americas, housing the 
Center for US-Mexican Relations. 

Down the hill at Scnpps, perhaps the 
most noted construction movement 
during the summer is a new stairway 
that will enable surfers to go down to 
the beach from the parking lot, instead 
of having to carry boards and wetsuits 
down the path between the academic 
buildings. Of aU of UCSD's major 
summer improvements, this received the 
most local publicity. 

Those who weathered the winter 
) C"",,TlW." ~ '11", u ;-

A Quick and Easy Formula for Stress Reduction 

SCHAUMS' 
OUTLINES 

The Test-stre ••• d Studenfs ·Best Friend 
, 

EaSY to Use, Comprehensive and with Hundreds of Solved. Problems 
And now Schaums' has 130 Individual titles, covering virtually 
every science subject from advanced calculus and electronic 
communication, to organized chemistry and thermodynamiCS. 

THE UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE STOCKS THE ENTIRE LIST 
.-Ask for Them at the General Book Department Desk 



, ~r -

- 1'-

22 Monday, Xpl. 17, 1984 

Letter home 
By INGRID GREENBERG 

SORRY I HAVEN'T WRITTEN in such a long time. I've been busy with Welcome Week barbeques, video 
games and the task of deciphering my 
class schedule. Despite my heavy-duty 
18-unit class load, I've made time for a 
toga pany, s'mores at the Shores, and 
happy hour at the clilTs overlooking 
Black's Beach. I've met so many nice 
people. Sis, now I underS(and why you 
had such a dilTicult time readjusting to 
home after living in a dormitory for 
nine months. 

By your advice I visited the healih 
center when I had a sore throat last 
week. It was so easy. Most services are 
free . I JUSt shbwed my handy-dandy 
photo ID at the counter and made a 
walk-in appointment. Even though I 
don't have a serious boyfriend now, I 
decided it's time to choose a 
contraceptive that fits my needs. So 
today I'm going to a contraceptive clinic. 
I want to be prepared when the right 
guy comes along. 

I'm thoroughly enjoying my 
independence. LaSt night I made a VG's 
donut run at midnight with my resident 
advisor, Rick. He had to stay up late to 
finish word processing a newsletter. 
Rick encouraged me to open my own 

computer account, especiaUy since each 
student at UCSD is entitled to $100 
worth of free time toward a litel'llcy 
account. 

The multitude of decisions I make 
everyday sometimes overwhelm me. 
Besides adding and dropping courses, 
I've researched about every club or 
activity possible-from SCUBA diving to 
poetry reading to S(Udent government. 
Not wanting to spread myself too thin, I 
have decided to join the SCUBA club as 
soon as I get cenified. Yes, during 
another spontaneous moment I enroned 
in a SCUBA class olTered by the Mission 
Bay Aquatic Center. There's a beach for 
my every mood in San Diego. I can go 
nude bathing at Black's Beach, snorkel 
at LaJoila Cove or body surf at Scripp's 
Pier. 

When you talk to Mom and Dad, edit 
what I'm writing to you. Remember your 
intolerant reaction to Mom and Dad 
when you came home after your 
freshman year? I can predict already 
that it will be dilTicult for me to go back 
to the nest. 

Write soon. 
PS Can your boyfriend coUect financial aid 
since the Solomon' Amendment was 
passed, or is ~e a CO? i:l 

TGIFinished 
) CIN'NI". ft.I'\ ~ aI > 
storms of 1982..'13 will remember that 
the old wooden stairs were washed out. 
The new concrete stairs were built at a 
cost of $65,000, and beachgoers can 
thank Chancellor Richard Atkinson for 
providing the UCSD emergency funds. 
Of£campus 

Both shopping centers serving the 
UCSD area were bustling with 
construction over the warm months. La 
Jolla Village Square is going to be the 
site for a new TGI Fridays. The large 
S(ructure will anract long lines of people 
and create major parking snarls. The 
restaurant, bar and dance hall is sure to 
be a hit with those over 21. TGI Fridays 
is a huge success in its Mission Valley 
location, and is sure to be the same 
here. 

The NordS(rom expansion is near 
completion at UTC (or those who love 
to take a srudy break to go shopping. 
Those following the motto, "When the 
tping gets tough, the tough go 
shopping," will be thrilled to know that 
the expansion means 30 or so new 
stores. It should open at the end of this 
month . 

l '~a 
Heal 

Professions 

Fu"y-~id educ~tion plus monthly income 
" you NYf' bten acc~ by, 01 are enroll.d aI, an IPpro\led 

IChool of mrdici~ or IKtf'DPillhy, you rNy qUiillfy lor the Navy 
Health Profenionl Scholarw,ip PrOlf'am. 

As IlChoIaMip ,,!ldenc the Navy pa)'5: 
• your lulltuilion. authorized fees and educatiONI 

expen~; 

Scholarship 
Program 

• the ClKt of required boob and wppIies (reimbursed 
to you); 

• renlallees for necessary equipment wch as 
micrOlCopes; and 

• I monthly cash payment directly 10 you (wbject 10 
giles). You cln use this 51ipend as you please. 

While at IChaol, the Navy does not interfere with your 
academic life. You woo', ~ve 10 anend miligry training or 
drills, or wear N,vy uniforms. Your lifestyle is the same IS other 
medinl or osteopathic students. 

Sp!ci~I T"inins 
You 'll spend aboul six wreks of each )'elf in an "active 

service" status. Howe\lt'r, if your curriculum doesn't allow you 
to tea\lt' school, you can usua IIy spend a portion or all of those 
days of aCli\lt' duty Oil your ci\lilian school continuing your 
studies . 

Durong this IcriYl' duly period, you'll receive full PlY and 
allowances 01 an oHicer in the Navy-whether you're at IChooI 
or awa)·. ThaI's in addition 10 the regular monthly inc~ you 
recei\lt' during rhe rest of the year. 

Aclill(, duly periods oHer you lhe chance 10 travel at Navy 
expense and gain medical experience while enjoyi", a break 
from the routine of studying. 

Obli,ations: 
c complete school is a member of the Navy Heahh 

Professions Scholarship Program. 
e !oI'rve one year of aCliYl' duty as a Navy medical officer 

for each year of scholarship participation. You must 
!oI'rve at leastthrre yean on act;\It' duty. 

Timt- spent in inlernship or residency does not count toward 
your aCl ive !oI'rvice obl igalion . 

Qualifications for scholarships: 
~ be accepted for Ihe next enlering class or currenlly 

enrolled in an apprQ\led IChaol of med;ci~ Of 
osteopalhy in the U.S. or Puerto Rico. 
~ be a U.S. cit izen of good moral character. 
C. be physically qualified for a commission as a Navy 

oHlcer. 
• have composit MCAT score of 60 or .are 

BIU BRY AI'.'T 
"'He u ....... 

NAY" "II.C'hK""'-8 o ...... tCT 
.... ... OteGO 
..... v~ TIIIA"""" c ........... . ~DO ••• 
.AN DtCOO. CA •• t •• 

call collect (619) 293-6746 

BeThe Doctor 
You'Vant To Be. In The Navy. 

The most talked-about hot spot in 
town opened this summer, to long lines 
and crowds who don't seem to mind 
waiting hours to get in. Confetti's is the 
new nightclub that everybody who's 
anybody seems to be talking about and 
going to (until the next new club 
opens). Rules are S(rict on IDs, and you 
muS( be 21 to get in, but once inside 
you can marvel at such wonders as Tom 
Selleck on the ceiling of the ladies room, 
fog swirling around the dance floor, and 
coS(umed hosts and hostesses. 

Downtown La Jolla became home to a 
one-of-a-kind establishment that is sure 
to interest students on a munchie binge. 
It's called McSnack, and it's a new kid 
of McDonalds. Located on the posh 
Prospect Street, McSnack is a mini faS(-
food resraurant, with no tables but with 
the usual menu. The only things missing 
are Quaner Pounders and shakes (there 
was no room for a shake machine), but 
they olTer two flavors of soft ice cream 
and sundaes at regular McDonalds 
prices. It beats Haagen Daaz for the 
student on a budget. 

There you have it, a capsule of some 
of the new places that students should 
know about. Now, just find them, and 
have a good-or frustrating- time. ~ 

• AUG.20 SEPT 30 
ART AND DRAFTING 

MATERIALS 

JI. g.1JaMis lb. 
1844 INDIA 232-6601 

, , ., 

Monday , xp!. 17, 1984 23 
~6C.r t fa 'i" 

'. . ' -~ '. ' .. 

rum~ Wlr'n1t<.elr~ $ I 

Stand in line to gripe about the Bookstore 
By PHIL LAUDER 

JOHNNY CARSON often indulges in the fine an of harking back to the plains of Nebraska to speak of his 
childhood. I'm going to take this 

opportunity to hark back myself, back to 
that September day three years ago 
when I first eruered the friendly 
confines of UCSO's University 
Bookstore. 

One of my cla.sses, I think, was Math 
2B (l will nO( disgrace myself or this 
fine periodical with the phrase, "2B or 
nO( 2B"-or did I juS( do that?), (or 
which I needed a rextbook called 
Calculus and Analytical Geomttry, written 
by the inimitable AI Shenk (whose real 
name, by the way, is Norman). Later 1 
learned the S(andard abbreviation for 
this tome was simply "Shenk," a term 1 
grew to know and love in the coming 
years. Not "Calculus and Analytical 
Geometry," just ·Shenk." College types 
juS( love abbreviations. Profs I there 's 
another onel don't assign readings as 
"The Urbanization of the 20th Century 
Iranian Culture, by Raymond Johns, 
pages 12-7+," but rather as "Johns: 12-
74." Sounds like a biblical reference to 
me. 

But back to my maiden voyage to the 
Bookstore. I found Shenk (the book) 
sitting obliquely atop a mammO(h stack 
located a few (eet to one side of the 
shelves. Big book. Cute cover- blue with 
a funky three-di~ensional graphic of 
some new-wave sme curve. Whatever. 
Suddenly I realized that I was forgetting 
the purpose of this trip, and I searched 
for the price. 

Not on the cover. Not on page two. 
Not on page three. Not on page four. 
Not on pa ... 

"IS THAT THE PRICE?!?" 
Those four words sum up the feeling I 

get every time I enter the Bookstore. "Is 
that the price?!?" exclaimed with a 
naivere and accompanying expression 
of disbelief that makes everyone around 
you either laugh or cry ... so they laugh. 
And you cry. 

Thiny-four bucks was the price for 
Shenk back then. As one parody once 
noted, the book, now new and 
improved with a new and yet more 
disgusting price, is "valued at up to 

$15-nowon sale for $40." 
1 don't reaDy know why books sold to 

generally-poor students are obligated to 
sell for upwards of $40 per. 1 just don 't 
know. Yes, 1 admit it, if I were to 
research , write, typeset, layout, print 
and bind my own textbook, it would 
probably run me more than $40. But it's 
not supposed to work that wa y. 

Is it? 
1 had one book last year-I don't 

want to name it exactly. 1 mean, I don't 
want to embarrass anyone, but it was 
called Complex Variables and Applications 
("Churchill"), by Ruel V. Churchill , 
James W. Brown and Roger F. Verhey, 

UOh ... what the hell - I'm nol going to be hungry this monlh anyway." 

ITS BACKIII 
AT.I. YOU CAN EAT 

SPAGHE'ITI 
$2.50 K 

• • 

copyright 1948, 1960, and 1974 by 
McGraw Hill, Inc., aU rights reserved. 
That's my only hint on the book; you'll 
have to figure it OUt from there. 

Anyway, that sucker was the size of a 
Charlie Brown paperback-300 tiny 
pages that could almost fit in your 
pocket Trouble is , the last Charlie 
Brown paperback I bought was at the 
swap meet for ten cents; this book cost 
$38.95. Thiny-eight ninety-five for 
what? For what, I ask you, (or what? 

For nothing, 1 teU you, for nothing. 
That really ticked me olT, and this 

time I gOt revenge. 1 won't discuss the 
scandalous details of my clandestine 
activity, but suffice it to say that it 
wasn't too long after buying the book 
that 1 made that wonderful trip to the 
refund line, regaining every last cent of 
that inordinate sum while stiD coming 
away with a usable textbook. You can 
figure It out from there, If you care. And 
I deny everything. 

Quite frankly , I haven't been to the 
Bookstore yet this year. I'm afraid to go. 
I'm afraid to deal with finding a place to 
park, and findi ng a place to shove my 
backpack, and searching the shelves for 
books that don't exist, and looking at 
the prices, and screaming my scream, 
and waiting in long lines for the blessed 
opportunity to get ripped off like so 
much tape 01T a hairy arm. Yes it hUrlS. 

But I'1\ go soon-just in time to see 
the last copy of the laS( book 1 need 
nestled snugly in the arms of the guy in 
from of me in line. 

1 can't wait for school to start. 1m 

EVERY MON. 3PM TIL CLOSE 

·IOGOFF 
WHENYOOBUY 

TWO SANDWICHES 

(GET mERE FARLY FOR BEST SEATING!) 

PAR1Y TIMEIEXAM TIME/ANY TIME 

Genesee & Governor Drive 
(Safeway Shopping Center) 
5 Mins from UCSD Campus 

HOME COOKED FOOD AT FAST FOOD PRICES 



' I 

24 Monday. Sept. 17. 1984 

In name only 
>cwnN~O fUW\ ~ ~O> 
last 15 years nobody has been able to agree 
on a real title , 

Nor is its purpose yet entirely clear. 
Third began to assist minority students 
in penetrating UCSD, In recent years, 
being poor and a minority has become 
less popular, resulting in the white 
middle class accepting Third College, 
like Mr. T. as one of its own. 

It is no use trying to recognize 
members of Third by their being 
members also of the while middle class, 
because that is the chief chalClclerislic 
of aU students at UCSD, The 
administrators at Third teU me that their 
students. have a satisfied and deeply 
happy expression on their faces , but I 
should think that general education 
requirements would get in the way of 
this feeling of well-being, But that is the 

opinion of a devotee of Muir. 

Warren: The source of its name is 
obvious, as it resembles nothing so 
much as an abode for rabbits. However, 
its age and primitive condition make it 
the mOSt collegiate-looking of the 
coUeges. The students themselves spend 
their years there collecting majors and 
minors, and have a tendency 10 
emphasize quantity over quality. like 
competitors in the Guinness book of 
records. They reverse the usual 
academic practice of knowing a lot 
about a little by knowing a liale aboul a 
lot. 

The Warren campus is arboreally 
pleasant, but like many such places is 
well out in the countrySide, so it is rare 
to see Warren students in their natural 
surroundings, because neither you nor 
they ever get down that way much, And 
most of their time they spend spreading 
themselves toO thin . 

Students should keep these 
characterizations in mind as they 
develop their college personae. The 
UCSD college system, long in decline, 
could be saved by a class of freshmen 
determined to take on the ideal 
characteristics of their particular 
college. . Ii::l 

Congratulations, 
San Diego. . 

Yourravenousappebre 
and unyieldi good taste 

have earne . you your . 
very own Baxter's. 

Baxter's is a new restaurant built on the 
old principle that the customer is always 
hungry. FOr pizza, pasta, burgers, omelettes. 
Or salads and sandwiches. Or bi~er-than­
life-sized desserts. And while we re at it, 
thirsty, too. 

So come celebrate our grand 
opening week, starting Thursday, 

September 20th. 
Thursday-Every burger comes with a 
drink. And every Prime Rib order comes 
with a glass of wine. 
Friday and Saturday-Always party 
nights at Baxter's. 
Sunday-Long Island Iced Teas are only 
$1.95. And any burger order comes with a 
Long Island Iced Tea. 
Monday-Ring in Super Mondays. Watch 
football on our multiple monitors while you 
eat. (Ask about our Super Mondays Club.) 
Or get all the beef ribs you can eat for $7.95. 

Tequila Tuesday-Every margarita 
comes with a shot on the side. And 
every Tostada comes with a double 
margarita. 

Wednesday-A slice of pizza and a draft 
is only $1.50. And when you order a whole 
pizza, a draft is included. 

And at our El Cajon location, every order 
of Fettucine Bolognese comes with a glass 
of wine. 

This isn't just to impress you. These 
specials run every week. 

Remember, Baxter's is open when you're 
hungriest. From 11 A.M. to 11 P. M. daily. 
Sunday Brunch from 10 A.M. till 3 P. M. 
Happy hours: Monday through Friday 
from 4 to 7 P.M. 

And there's live entertainment nightly 
from 9:30 P. M. to 1:30 A.M. 

5404 Balboa Avenue, San Diego, 277-8814 
1025 Fletcher Parkway, EI Cajon, 442-9271 

Monday, Sept. 17, 1984 25 
~E:a lta 

." . ' " . . "x ;C% .d, • :.'Y .(.~. -

Rambling through UCSD TRY TO MOVE IT, DO NOT TAKE IT HOME AND EXPERIMENT WITH IT, DO NOT TRY TO DISSECT IT. DO CALL THE POUCE, San Diego has an 
endemic problem of relics from the 
armed services exploding or shOwing up 
in what seem to be purely civilian areas. 
About two years ago. two seven-year-
olds were killed (and twO other children 
wounded) in Tierrasanta by a small anti-
tank shell from WW 11 training. When 
one considers that UCSD used to have 
on its grounds both a Marine shooting 
range and an anti-aircraft gunnery 
training center. one begms to see the 
potential we have for trouble, 

By ROBERT LEONE, Staff Writer 

O NE USUALLY refers [0 UCSD buildings by imials. To the experienced student. the 
Undergraduate Science Building is 
"USB," It is correct to refer to Peterson 
Hall as "Hamburger Hall," since Robert 
Peterson is the owner of Jack-in-the-
Box, Also. the Sun God is referred to by . 
a number of names, including "the Bird" 
and "the target." Mandeville is always 
"Mandeville: while the Chancellor's 
Complex is always "the Chancellor's 
Complex." What students caU the 
Registrar'S Office is usually as 
unprintable as the names for Financial 
Aid , the Bookstore and overOowing 
toilets, 

A unique perspective on our campus through the 
eyes of one of our finest, Bobby Leone, who began 
his collegiate career in, Argo Hall before being tossed 
off the fourth floor. He's been with us ever since .... 

Familiarize yourself with the 
appearance of add/ drop cards, You may 
not need them now, but you probably 
will soon. In the case of some classes in 
impacted majors. seconds lost in 
hesitation over grading preference can 
spell disaster as the class rapidly fills to 
capacity. 

If you live on campus, you may be 
dismayed at the noise of wild parties 
and breaking glass at 2 am every night 
during the first week. This is normal. 
Things change around the third week, 
when you will be kept awake ar 2 am by 
the sounds of wild typing and page 
turning. 

The washing machines eat socks. 
Also, off-campus students are warned 
that many laundry rooms on campus are 
locked, so that only dormies with keys 
can enter them when the door is closed. 

If you find anything that looks even 
remotely like an artiBery shell (big 
bullet), DO NOT PICK IT UP, DO NOT 

. )])&m Sales 
Computer O ....... are/SOftware 

AD At 

Wholesale + 100/0 
Fall Quarter Speelal 

P(; WordStar Pro 
....... 
.~.~(Aw. do*-

,....,..". ..... TIa. wo...wt.r .......... 

~WordStar 
dllASEDI 
dllASE D Upgrade 
Elephant DS/DD 
111/4" Dislui 

Call 
897-88711 

,. ... 

"1811 
M13 
"13. 

".O!BOX 

Or Collie ..,. 0.... Store 
2158 WItherspoon Way 

SuiteD 
EI CaJon, ~ 9210210 

Last spring quaner (on the last Friday 
before Finals Week, which only made it 
worse) some supposedly imelligent 
person (a student here) brought back an 
object from Black's Beach, took it imo 
Blake Hall. and proceeded to fiddle with it. 

When he finally called the bomb 
squad, according to rumor. the white 
phosphorous shell (wonderful 
incendiary device; the fire doesn 't go 
out when covered with water) was 
almosl ready to explode, 

Pulling fire alarms when there is no 
fire is another no-no, They expel you 
from school and fine you for that. If you 
do hear a fire alarm, get out. Take the 
stairs, not the elevator. They fine you if 
you're still in the building when the 
alarm goes off, It is OK to lock your 
door before leaving. but do remember 
your keys, 

Yes. crime is a problem at UCSD, The 
police depanment (UCSD has its own 
cop shop, manned IpersonnedJ by the 
friendly officers of the UCPD) claims to 
have caught the notorious gym locker 
burglar, but officers caution that gym 
locker thefts still occur (there are other, 
less prolific gym locker burglars), 
Locking doors and using a few other 
common sense precautions will not give 
you or your belongings total protection, )t""''''". QfIJ , .. ~ " " 

On-Campus Transportation 
for Temporarily and Permanently 

Disabled Students 
Disabled Siudeni Services operates a pllor·scheduled on·campus Iransportatlon 
"ystem tor disabled students Pllor-schelluled piCk· up times can be reserved 
IIY dlsat)ted studenls Irorn 845 a m 10 345 p m Monday through Fnday tor 
un'CilllitlUS 1f3nspOrtalion needs Pllor notification by regular users of the trans· 
portLltlon system IS reqUired by Thursday al 1200 noon In order to change their 
sctlt'dules lor the follOW ing Monday through Fnday New users 01 the transporta· 
tlOIl syslem can schedute tilell transportation needs for the current slgn·up week 
On·call Iransportatlon requests can be made by disabled students but on·call 
Iransportallon services Will be prOVided only after all prior-scheduled P'CK'UPS 
have been compleled 

Additional Services : 
Disability Management 

Advising 
Academic Support 

Coordination 
Academic Support Special 

Equipmenl Study Room 
Special Equipment Loan 

Service 
Equipment Repair Service 
Special On-Campus 

Housing Coordination 
SpeCial Parking 

Coordination 

.. ,. 

Registration Assistance 
Special Enrollment 

Coordination 
Test-Taking Arrangements. 
Liaison with the Calilornia 

Stale Department 01 
Rehabilitation 

Relerrals to Resources. 
Services. and Agencies 

Accessibihty Map lor the 
Disabled 

Awareness Program 
Outreach Program 

OI~)llb l('l1 SIi,ll1t:~nt St"lr\ ~'C':' 
l/1l""l'FS· I\ 01 l'.l '!('I"I'~l 
Sotll Ut'lkl 
L.l JI,.),.I C.nfe r.,: • ...!:: '00J 
!b ' 9! I~J.1 IJ~.! 

b~ql I:, ...... 2 1p.1 TDD 
Ilt"(p"I\'Io' t,'\f PI\' lk'.l'l 

f.'~ 
Dtsab1el.i Shl~11' f" St.', \ lt~ -. 

Urh'Vc r t, I.l' C,t ,I 1111'.1 
$.\1\ D~ll'" 



WEDNESDAY 
r+--I- ,,10-11100 .... - Interested in +--+-+--+-

Medicine or Dentistry7 Drop-in advising 
r---+--- in open sessions. In the Career Services +--+_+--+_ 

Center at Student Center Bldg. A 
THURSDAY 

- Graduate SchOOl/law/MBA 

Religious Functions --+---+--+-
WEDNDDAY 
6100 pm - Lutheran Student supper 
and Bible study, open to all. In the _I---+-
Lounge of the l.kliYersity Lutheran 
Church. 
7,10 pm - Covenant Conmittee: 
catholic, Lutheran and EpiSCqlal group _~-+­
open to all. In the ~ of the 
l.kiYersity l.uther.rt Church. 
SUM)AY 
10tG0 ... & 7 ........ - L.utheran --II---+-
Worship Service. All are \I\I'etcome. In the 
Chapel of the UI'1iYtrsity L.utheran --II---+-
Church, across the street from ~~ 
College. ~-.J.-
11111 ... - Color slide report on a 
European Tour of Qberarnrnergau and -~-+­
historic Luther sitrs. In the I..olIlge of the 
l.kiYersity Lu~ Church. 'NeSt of -~-4-
LnyHaU. 5" pm ' - Welcoming Lutheran -~-4-
Church Student Dimer. In the UrNersity 
Lutheran Church, La Jolla Shores and N. -~-+­

Pines Rd. 
Advising. Planning on a graduate, law or +--+-+--+-+--+--I-----1f---4--I---4--+--+-+--+-
MBA degree program after UCSD7 Help 
with admissions and application +--+--t--t--t--t--t---if--+--I---t--+--+-+--+-
questions today by appointment only. 
~--+--f- Call Career Services Center at 452-4939 +--+-+--t--t--t--t---if---+----:boo--~ 

for more detailed information. In the 
=:::::::t--+--+-+--I--I-+ Student Center Bldg. A 

- Attention Singers: The La Jolla 
-+-+--+-+-+-I--+--I--+----1f-+__+_ Symphony Chorus /MJsic 950, 2 units. +---+. 

Mondays 7:00-9:501 needs slngersl 
+--+-+--+- Intrrested students should contaa the +--+-Academic Services Music Dept, 452-3230. for audition 

MONDAY.PRlDAY -+---1- info. +--4--
IlJO-41OO pm _ SIGI. System of 10115-11 ..... - Intrrested in the 
Interactive Guidance and Information -t---i- H~alth Professions 7 Advising of--4--
designed to help}<)U clarity "'-'ur values appointments availabl~ for career 

,,- -+--+- plaming and pr~rofessional school +--+--+ 
and occupational interests. For more preparation. call career Services Center 
information. come to career Services at 452-4939 in advance for an Center. In HL 1058. +---+----11-1:~:OO pm _ Drop-t·n-I-Iours. For appointment, but no earlier than one 

-t---i- vveek. In the Student Center Bido. A -t--+-+-questions pertaining to career planning, FRIDAY 
job hunting. resume critiquing. etc. 10:15-11130 ... _ Interested in the Appointments may also be scheduled in r--t-IIL .. ___ ....,=--r-jr--t--t--;--t--t-t--t-
the moming by calling Career SeNices Health Professions7 Advising 
Center at 452-3750. In HL 1058. appointments available for career +--+--+--+--+--+--+----f--+---I'---+---I'---I--'---+-

plaming and prt>i>rofessional school 
MONDAY _ +--I- preparation. Call Career Services Center +--+--+--+--+-

- Graduate School/Law/MBA at 452-4939 in advance for an 
Advising. Planning on a graduate, law or appointment, but no earlier than one +--+-+--t--I-
MBA degree program after UCSD7 Help week. In the Student Center Bldg. A 
with admissions and application 
questions today by appointment only. 
Call career Services Center at 452-4939 
for more detailed information. In the 
Student Center Bldg. A 
1 :OO-~:JO pm - Interested in the 
Health Professi ons7 Advising 
appointments available for career 
planning and prt>i>rofessional school 
preparation. Call Career Services Center 
at 452-4939 in advance for an 
appointment but no earlier than one 
week. In the Student Center Bldg. A 
TUESDAY 

- Graduate School/Law/M8A 
Advising. Planning on a graduate, law or 
MBA degree program after UCSD7 Help 
with admissions and application 
questions today by appointment only. 
Call career Services Center at 452-4939 
for more detailed information. In the 
Student Center Bldg. A.. 

Z:~IOO pm - Interested in 
Ml!didne or Dentistry7 Drop-in advising 
in open sessions. In the career Services 
Center at Student Center A 

TUaDAY 
11100 ... - Democratic Club general 
interest meeting. Democratic strategy 
planning for the defeat of the Cowboy. 
In the North Conrerence Room in the 

Center. 

Other 
MONDAY 
- KSDT is backl 95.7 FM on Cox and 

Southw'estern cable, 540 AM on 
ca/Tl>us. Located in the student c~r: 
}<>ur alternative student-run radio 
station. 
TUESDAY 
Noon - Be the first in )<>Ur dorm to 
attend the Health Service's birth control 
information session. ms confidential, 
informal discussion provides information 
on birthcontrol, UCSO's Wom~rl"s Clinic 
and mor~ . ..Join us Tuesday at noon. In 
the upstairs lounge of the Student 
Health. 
WEDNDDAY 
Noon - Whatt777 You nissed the first 
birthrontrol information sessionl Lucky 
for you, there's another ~ Wed. at 
noon at the Health C~r. Don't niss 
your c:talCe to discuss bir1kOl'lboi and 
sexual health in the confidential and 
informal way. In the upstairs Ioulge of 
Student Health. 

//~~\\ ~~( ~) ) 
o 0 (-........=~ ===::J: ~~( =---') ) I I~) 

ASUCSP Student Services 
The following services are brought to you by the 
Associated Student Governments on the behalf of the 
student body. 
Assorted Vinyl- Your on campus record store supplying you with all 
your musical needs at the lowest prices. Open Monday-Friday 10-5. 
452-2733. 
Associated Students Internship Office - Offering you a va riety of real 
life work experience. Internships are available for credit and non-credit 
in all fields across the country. Office is open dally 452-4689. 
Associated Student Lecture Notes Service - Supplemenr your in class 
experience with accurate quality notes of various undergraduate 
courses. Membership available throughout the quarter at reasonable 
rates. Open daily 452-6238. 
Associated Students Soft Reserves - Past exams, homework answers, 
course oudines and problem sets are made available to you and at a 
reasonable price. Open daily 452-6256. 
Undergraduate Student Grants - Supports student research and 
projects through grants made available to all qualified undergraduates. 
Office open dail 452-3917. 

Student 
participate FFOG/Bizat:te HaZa-. 
on October 5, contact the studen .:;;" .. .'~,; .. ..,. 
organizations o~ by Sept. 26. 

Free luncheon and music 
for all incoming and returning women students and 
professors. The topic, "Creating a Career with Personal 
Identity," will be discussed by Lori Kolt from psychological 
services. A great opponunity to: meet fellow students, 
introduce yourself to professors, make contact with on-
campus organizations, discover career choices, networking. 
Sponsored by the Women's Center(452-2023). Tuesday, 
Sept. 18, 1984. 11-1:00 pm. International Center, UCSD. (In 
the eucalyptus grove behind the Triton Pub) 

The Birdcage Review needs you! 
The 1984-85 Birdcage Review staff invites all interested people to 

an organizational meeting Wednesday, September 26 in the 
Triton Pub. Anists, editors, essayists, photographers, typesetters, 
advenising salespeople, graphic anists and paste-up/ production 
people are invited. Join the staff of UCSD's only undergraduate 
journal of the ans. Don't read it, be it. Be pan of the Birdcage Review. 
For more infonnation call 458-1917 or leave a message at office 5, 
Student Center, Buildiog A 

Looking for Research Money? 
Undergraduate $tudent Grants can help. When you want cash 

for your undergraduate student research project apply for an 
Undergraduate Student Grant. You are eligible for a grant of up to 
$500 if you fall within these guidelines: project of an academic 
nature, sponsored by a UCSD faculty member (which we can help 
you locate). Contact our office for a deadline date and application 
info at 452-3917 or stop by. We are located on the second floor of 
the student center. 

The 
Associated 
Students 
of 
UCSD 

are looking for students wishing to become involved. 
Comittees are being formed for: Public Relations, 
Programming, Medias, Student Welfare and much 
more ... Stop by the AS offices above EDNA in the Student 
Center. Act today ... don't delay. AS offices 452-4450. 

David Bowie to play at UCSD 
Well, maybe not. We need students who are interested 

in developing exciting and creative programs and events 
for the UCSD community. AS programmer position is 
open for applicants. Please drop by ASUCSD offices or 
contact John Trumpler at 452-4450 by Sept. 26. 

A Greek hello 
The fraternities (Phi Delta Theta, Tau Kappa Epsilon, Delta 

Sigma Phi, and Zeta Beta Tau) and the sororities (Alpha 
Omicron Pi, Sigma Kappa and Delta Gamma) of UCSD 
welcome you. If you are imerested in Greek life at UC5D, 
please look for information tables during welcome week. In 
addition, Greek rush for sororities and fraternities begins 
September 24. Watch for flyers and banners! 

Reminder to Student Organizations 
It's time to re-register your srudem organization for the 1984-85 

academic year. Contact the Studem Organizations Office, Studem 
Center Building A, 2nd Roor (just above EDNA) or can x1{)83. 
Remember: Organizations must be registered before funding cr . 
be used, programming, use of facilities, etc. 

Editors, paste-up and layout needed 
The UCSD Journal of Undergraduate Research needs 

student volunteers to proof papers and photographs, to do 
paste-up and layouts. This is a great learning experience for 
any major, whether you're in Visual Arts or Chemistry. 
(Paper topics vary from "Non-Chromosomal DNA" to 
"Brazilian Foreign Policy.") Be a pan of this respected 
academic journal unique to UCSD. Call the Undergraduate 
$tudent Grants office at x3917 or call Randy Woodard at 
x4083 or drop by our offices located in the student cemer 
on the second floor. 



. 

-

28 Monday, xpt. 17.1984 

Guided tour for 
the Lost La Jollan 
By ROBERT lEONE, Staff Writer 

I T WILL HAPPEN at least once in your college career. You will stagger away from a late-night session with a 
computer console, a language lab tape , 
or your Significant other. The fatigue will 
duU your wits and senses, leaving you 
shaking and gibbering when the 
phantasm wearing the $200 SpOTtS coat, 
polyester pants and $70 sandals politely 
asks you where the Mandell Weiss 
Theater is. 

Congratulations. You've just met a 
Lost La Jollan. 

The phrase "Lost La Jollan" is actuaUy 
a misnomer. Lost La Jollans can be from 
anywhere, such as Oklahoma or San 
Diego State. This does not interfere with 
their being lost , however. And when 
you're lost at UCSD, you are figuratively 
(sometimes literally) in the woods 
without a compass. 

Treatment for these poor souls should 
be immediate and effective (especially if 
they have movie tickets and it's nearly 8 
pm ). Directions should not refer to "the 
third large concrete building" unless you 

. -.. 

want 10 turn your lost soul into someone 
who can't see Muir College for the 
buildings. Canying a map at aU times IS 
a good idea. especially if someone asks 
for directions to the Center for Musical 
Experiment. Olsen Field . the Guardian. 
Central Library, or some similar God-
forsaken part of this sprawling campus. 
In the very worst cases, it might be 
advisable 10 pretend that you have 
urgent business on the fifth floor of 
Tioga Hall or the Center for Musical 
Experiment. 

Then there are specific cases. The 
trickiest of these is MandeviUe. 

Mandeville is that long and fairly low ' 
building that shields the Student Center 
from the baleful glare of the left eye of 
the Sun God . Since it has the greatest 
amount of seats and the 3Smm ftIm 
projectors, it is in great demand as a 
site for aU sorts of artistic and 
cinematographic presentations. It also 
has several other rooms where "things 
happen: so your first chore is to find 
out precisely where your Lost La Jollan 

wishes to go. At the western end of the 
building is the Art GaDery. At the eastem 
end is a great concrete block. Two 
different rooms are contained within the 
block, one being the MandeviUe 
Auditorium. This is the huge room with 
the big projectors. It has glass doors at 
both the north and south ends, but for 
most movies and such, only the south 
doors will be open. No eating, drinking 
or smoking is aUowed in the auditorium 
itself (the projectionist can tum off the 
projectors if he sees a soda can or-
horrors! - a beer boule in the 
auditorium), but the lobby is safe for 
consumption of anything not illegal. 

The Mandeville Recital HaU can be 
reached through a door where the huge 
concrete end-block joins with the main 
body of the building on the north side 
(the Sun God side) of MandeviUe . It is a 
smaUer space used primarily for 
theatrical and musical productions. 

TLH, or the Third Lecture HaUs, is 
one of the two large lecture haUs on 
Third College that are often used to 
show movies for the benefit of student 
organizations; the other is Peterson HaU. 

Nothing ever happens in the John 
Muir Theater, which happens to be one 
of the most run-down large lecture haUs 
on the campus (it makes the 
Humanities Library Auditorium look 
good). 

The Mandell Weiss Center, a 
theatrical complex, is the building at the 

south end of the Revelle parking lot that 
resembles a Ralphs bag. This building, 
thanks 10 a name similarity with the late 
Ernest MandeviUe (no, it wouldn't help 
to ask Mr. MandeU to change his name), 
gives us one of the most confusing 
name problems. Make sure your Lost La 
Jollan is headed for the Mandell Weiss 
before directing him there. 

Another theatrical locale is the UCSD 
Theatre, a structure used for some 
smaUer-scaled theatrical productions, 
student plays, and so forth . Often caUed 
"the snake pit" because of the steeply 
sloped tieri of seats, this building is on 
the west side of the Bookstore. 

Yet another theater on campus is the 
Warren SmaU Theater Studio, or 
whatever they caU it now. This building 
(Warren 409, right next to the Warren 
Cafeteria) contains a nice rehearsal 
space. Sometimes metal folding chairs 
are dragged out so that people can 
come and sit in on a dress rehearsal, 
but it is not a classy venue for the 
performing arts. 

When major rock bands play on 
campus (usuaUy in the Main Gym), you 
can be sure to find mobs of adolescent 
New Wavers and Mods trying to find 
the Main Gym. 

Politely giving directions and 
distributing maps is one way we, the 
UCSD students, can impress those 
taxpayers who partly pay for our 
education. ~ 

Is your calculator in the same 
class you are? 

Move up to the TI-66. The easy 512 step programmable. 
You're into higher math and your old 
calculatOr helped get you there. 

But now its time for something more. 
The TI-66 from Texas Instruments. The 
TI-66 offers full programming power and 
flexibility so you can solve complex and 
repetitive math problems qUickly, easi ly 
and with fewer keystrokes than you 
thought possible. Its 512 merged pro-
gram steps and over J 70 built-in 
SCIentific, engtneering and sransttcal 
functions make for powerful program-

• 

mingo And the sleek, streamlined design 
makes for easy use. 

Its Algebraic Operating System makes 
it easy on your btain by allOWing you to 
key in problems as they are wriuen, left 
to right . And a IO-digit angled Liquid 

ry tal Display nor only makes it easy 
on your eyes but provide~ alphanumeric 
notation of your program steps so you 
can make easy modifications you 
go along. There are large, readable keys 
for your fingers, and an easy-to-follow 

guidebook so you shouldn't get confused. 
And last, but certainly not least, at a 
suggested retail of $69.95, theres a price 
thats easy on your pocketboolt. 

All in all, if we made the TI-66 pro-
grammable cakulator any easier to use, 

it~uld~i~'~ 
INStRUMENTS 

Creating useful products 
and services for you. 

::" 

UCSD revisited 
By ROBERT LEONE, Staff Writer 

UCSD is a curious place. It is. in 
structure, a true university (with an 
attached medical school) grafted to a 
pre-existing research institution (the 
Scripps Institution of Oceanography) 
with public monies from the "Sputnik 
boom" era in American scientific 
funding. 

Unlike many such institutions, UCSD 
has managed to thrive and even grow 
through the cutback years of the 70s 
and '80s. 

There are several written histories of 
Scripps which can be found at the 
Cluster and SIO libraries. Most of these. 
however, are devoted solely to Scripps, 

EARN 
WhIle you 
LEARN • • • 

with scant raragraphs devoted to the 
founding 0 the "upper campus" and the 
role Roger ReveUe, Harold Urey and 
many other Scripps and early UCSD 
scientists and administrators played in 
the creation and placement of the upper 
campus. 

However, for the best information on 
what happened at UCSD and what 
those days were like for these 
individuals, you have 10 listen to the 
individuals; occaSionally a survivor from 
those days will lecture or speak about 
those times, making them come alive. 

Written histories are another matter. 
Apparendy there is no 

• OURCOUEGE 
. INTERNS AVERAGE 10.00 AN HOUR 
Ask how YOU can earn while 
you learn - as a Northwestern Mutual 
college agent. You work part-tilM 
attend dasses fuI-tlme. A limited 
number of Intemshlplare stili available 
For information call Jay A. Goldby, 
Director of Marketing (619) 234-3111 

The Quiet Company 
NOIIJHWISTIIN ,..,,"'" lIfl • __ -.... .. 

Psychological and 
Counseling Services 

For All UCSD Students 

We offer a variety of services and programs 
designed to enhance your college experience 
and help you cope most effectively with 
University Life. 

Through Individual or group counseling, 
psychothcrapv, or support !Iou.,., you 
can lcam to ••• 
••• RedUce tat anxiety. 
••• Study more eftIdently and effectl .. ly • 
••• Enhance your aatIvIty. 
•• .Manage your weight. 
.. .Make more effectl¥e penonal and ca ...... 

cIecIIIonI. 
• .. Imprcwe your Interpenonal ..... tIonshlps. 
... Cope more effectl¥ely with Ionellnns, sexual 

difficulties, alcohol and dlug abuH, 
anxiety, .... , and dtpraslon. 

Five locations on Campus 
Call for an appointment 

451-3755 
The counseling relationship is private 

and confidential. 

comprehensive, complete histOry of 
UCSD (as opposed to Scripps). The best 
one can do is find books that capture 
the feel , the spirit and the events of a 
definite shon period in the past . One of 
the best examples of this is Timescape, 
an odd , well written and frightening 
science fiction novel by UC Irvine 
physicist Gregory Benford. Half of this 
book is set in UC La Jolla (now UC San 
Diego) during the early '60s, when Maria 
Mayer was winning the Nobel prize. 
Grace Kelly was marrying Prince Rainier, 
and strange things were ~ppening in a 
young physicist's experiment (aU the 
physics in this wonderful and strange 
book.are valid). The versimiUitude of 
Benford's descriptiOns makes it wonh 
reading. not only for its early histOrical 
description of UCSD, but also for its 
myriad other qualit ies. 

Former UCSD ChanceUor William 
McGill's book, The Year of the Monkey, is 

Monday, Sept. 17, 198-f 29 

another fragmented history from the 
view of the highest office at UCSD. 

Aside from these books , there are few 
historIes of UCSD. However, the 
primary materials are always there. 
Central Library has (on microfiche) 
some of the newspapers printed on 
campus (Triton Times, Guardian, new 
indi{:ator, Natty Dread, Cra~ Times, et al), 
dating back to the first issue of the 
Triton Times (ancestor of the rag you're 
holding right now). 

Then there are the vast collections of 
UCSD history in Central's Special Collec-
tions, much of it still uncataloged. 

Finally, there are, again , people: 
students at this school who knew 
someone, or alumni who wish to reflect 
on their years here. Even janitors and 
maintenance people know much about 
UCSD, much that should be 
remembered as a part of its history. 

All you have to do is listen. ~ 

AIIENTION UCSD RESIDENTS: 

WIIIIch for the opening of the University BooIcsIDre's new 
Food SIore In MeAl HousIng Complex. we will f'ulure 

grocertes. snacks. and health and beauty aids at 
I'NIOI1able prices. There will be eXIended hoIn for )1)Ur 

shopping COI'IWnlence. 

ONNSOONIII 

A 
us is 

BANKING HOURS 
Monday - Thursday 
Friday 

DlUVE-UP lODBY 

Sacurday 

7.:JOom-7.00pm 9.000m-".00pm 
7.:JOom-7.00pm 9.000m-6.00pm 
9.:JOom-12.:K)pm 9.~m-12.:K)pm 

You 'lI hove plenty of time to discover 
just how convenient bonking con 
be. Not only are we open more 
hours of the doy(ond more days of 
the week), our offices are 

convenience 24 hours a day, 7 days 
a week, at more thon 50 locations 
throughout Son Diego County. 
'When you btIng 0 copy of chis od to 

conveniently located and 
surrounded by tree parking . 
Also, we offer Instont Teller 
automatic bonking 

ekhet of our offices oncI open 0 
tNcklng accounc, you'U 

- ........ __ 01 

rn~ checks. oncI 0 ".. hoc Of • sun vlsOt. ~~RlK 
L __ _ 

Ckblns~~mDan~ 
P£.Ul AND FAY· LA JOlLA •• ~·32.1 

GMNO AND INGAAHAM. MCIFlC BEACH. 21$·0911 

• 

---~ 



30 Monday,Sepl. 17, 198i 

... ." ~.,," .. , x. .... .... " ..... .-.».;.;.;... v. .. "';';.. • 

«.. 
.... \\ 

~ 

LEARN JAPANESE 
Japanese Language courses offered 

through the Chinese Studies Program 
are designed to develop basic 
communication and linguistic 

skills in the Japanese language. 
Courses offered include beginning 

Japanese through advanced language 
instruction, and are taught 

by native speakers. 
Register for F.II 19841 

Ant Year Japanese """ , .. , .. , . , ... , ... Chlnese Studies 31 
Second Year .Japanese ... , . ..... " ...... ,Chinese Studies 41 
third Year Japanese ...... .. .. ....... .. . Chlnese Studies 51 

For IlION ~ all 452-4511 

,:~t,;;i.:'.~'~;:~;:~S(~ 
~ " . ~ , ,,' .. 

i ... ', .. _ '_'''' ''' 
",~~' .' .... ~-. ~ 
. " , . 

.. 

j,,~: ... .. ", ... '. 
, .. I " .. ' 

. ' ' . 

. " 

............... - .. 

NEW COURSE 
Urban Studies and Plannin~ 

OPEN 
Fall Quarter 1984 

USP 150 THE BLACK GHETTO 
Monday Wednesday Fridav 9:00 .. 9:50 
AP&M 2202 

History is beguiling when it comes to the 
question of who should survive and for what 
reason. Social themes of the past few years 
are remarkably similar to those of the 1880's. 
This course will examine the various social, 
psychological, political, and economic develop-
ments of the Post .. Civil War Reconstruction era 
and make comparisons with each subsequent 
decade to the present. Trends in migration, 
the patterns of economic and social adjustment, 
shifts in ideology and protest, and the demand 
for community control are referenced themes. 

No Prerequisite Open to All VCSD Students 
No Department Stamp Required 
InstructoT: Professor Charles W. Thomas 

Urban Studies and Planning 

New Writers' Meeting 
Friday, Sept. 21 ·and Friday, Sept. 28 

See Thursday'S issue for further details 

Rambling 
\CDN'nN~D- ~ ~ ~~ 
but they add a safety factor A paranOId 
roommate helps. 

Patience, persistence and polIteness 
are all positive virtues here. When 
undertaki ng any project, get (or strive to 
get) complete information from all 
people you have to deal with . Avoid 
ambiguity if you wish to reduce stress. 
Fortunately, the English language is full 
of red und ancies. 

The UCSD Catalog IS a wonderful 
book. Most of the information you'll 
need is there . It has informatlon on how 
to obtam an unlimited number of free 
bus rides, it has dull and boring 
intelViews with exci ting people, it has a 
picture of Richard Atkinson (sorry, no 
front and profile view shots), and it has 
course descriptions , whIch IS why you 
gOl the book in the first place . 

You can gel money and incredible 
satisfaction by writing for the Guardian. 
You should learn where we are even if 
you abhor writing, because we're right 
next door to the C h e Cafe ("Chen 
stands for Cheap Healthy Eats), o ne of 
the few places on campus where you 
can buy non-Housing and Food 

Administration food , and one of the 
Icast expensive eateries I know in San 
Diego. Unfortunately. you can't use your 
mealcard there . 

When in doubt, ask . You c<ln even 
ask questions to TAs . although they may 
tell you to go ask the professor during 
office hours (which usually fall right 
after the lest you have to take on the 
material you were asking about) . Take 
advantage of OASIS if you need tutoring. 

It is entirely normal to partIcipate In 
i nt ramurals. 

When entering Mandeville to see a 
movie, always enter by the south doors. 
Usually the ticket takers open only one 
set of doors so that they need fewer 
licket takers. Also, be advised that no 
ea ting, drinking or smoking IS allowed 
inside the auditorium. Backpacks are 
often searched with vigor, as are purses 
and overstuffed anorak pouches. 

Cloud's Rest at Muir is a city of the 
undead. It is full of snoring corpses. 

Getting involved in some organized 
group or anarchic circle of friends is 
entirely normal. This is the traditional 
college student response to 
homesickness. This is also why many 
religious and political organizations 

consider colleges a prime recruiting 
area. 

Before you start stapling posters on 
trees or taping flyers to the Revelle 
fountain (an act sure to incur the wrath 
of Dean ErnIe Mon), take the time to 
read the posting regulations and clear 
things with the Resident Dean's Office 
or Provost's Office of each college . You 
can get the regulations at EDNA by 
asking to see a copy of the University 
regulations (sec tion 33). This strictly 
worded, laxly enforced collection of 
rules makes entertaining reading for 
even the average campus observer. 

If posstble, avoid that overburdened 
stretch of pathway known as "the M<J1n 
Drag" between USB, PH and TLH. This 
path is overcrowded with bicycles, 
skateboards, ( illegal) mopeds, and the 
usual traffic-clogging group of Muir 
students discussing the nice bodies in 
G-House. Even though a line IS the 
shortest distance between two points in 
Euclidian geometry, it is not the swiftest 
distance between USB and TLH. 

Those dependent on wheeled 
transport to get from point A to point B 
will be delighted with the wheelchair 
access information on the Disabled 
Student Services' map of UCSD. Also, 
bathrooms designed for wheelchair 
access are usually the nicest. This is 
very important when you consider that 
some of the bathrooms on campus are 
relics from the Camp Mathews Marine 
days of UCSD. 

About once every eight months one 
reads anorher article about how San 
DIego is the hottest new area for 
filming, what with the car commercials 
and televiSIOn shows being filmed here, 
not to mention all the minicam footage 
expended during the Watermelon 
Festival (a bizarre tradition, the upper 
campus' oldest, that began with a 
question on a physics test about the 
termInal velOCity of a watermelon cossed 
off Urey Hall). 

Remember, UCSD is not like the rest 
of Southern California . UCSD's location 
on a coastal mesa renders it susceptible 
co heavy rain (the Chancellor had to 
close the school two years ago because 
of a torrential downpour, which 
produced much rejoicing and rain 
dancing on the part of the studentry), 
occasional cold snaps, fog that 
camou[)ages MUIr College, and rare hail 
and rarer sleet. I've personally observed 
all of these varied phenomena of nature, 
and am no longer surprised by the 
UCSD weather. Caught unaware , yes, 
but surprised, never. 

Also, remember that we do get Santa 
Ana winds , which ar hot blasts from the 
desert regions of the American 
Southwest. 

Snow I have not expenenced at 
UCSD. Yet. 

Finally, try 10 insure that the time you 
spend here is worth the trouble and the 
agony. 

Good luck. ~ 

Get down to business faster • 
. With the BA-35. 

If theres one thing business calculations, amortizations A powerful combination. 
students have always needed, and balloon payments. Think business. With 
this is it: an affordable, busi· The BA-35 means you the BA·35 Student ." 
ness-oriented calculator. spend less time calculating, Business Analyst. 
The Texas Instruments and more time learning. One . 
BA-J5, the Student Business keystroke takes the place TEXAS 
Analyst. of melny. I 

Its built-in business The calculator is just part NSTRUMENTS 
formulas let you perform of the package. You also get Creating useful products 
complicated 6nance, a book that follows most and services for you. 
accounting and statistical business course: the Business 
functions - the ones that Analyst Guidebook. Busine s 
usually require a lot of time profes ors helped us write it, 
and a stack of reference lxXlks, to help you get the most out 
like present and future value of calculator amI lassroom, 

1981 TO Ib Immunen!) 



32 Monda), 'pI. 17, 1984 

The Perfonner 
HP 150 TOIlCl/ScrCI'II 
Per. onal Cllmputer 

rill' Ill) 15U Il'h \ ' llLl h<1\'L' it <111: 
• BLlilt-in - roll(h - SL'n~ iti\ ' L' 

ScrL'L'n 
• HOH t\1 icrnpn KL'SSllr 
• M ' -DO . 2.U OpL'r(lting 

vs k' rn 
• 256K bvtl's of Main ML'mon' 

l'xpandclbll' to 640K byk'S 
• 271ines bv HO (oluJllll ~crl'L'n 

di 'play with r; 12 3(j() 
graphics displd~' resolution . 

Get into Touch with the II P 
150~ 
Flin- HEWLETT 

~~ PACKARD 
U.IVERSITY B ••• ST.RE 

C!1MPUT£1l C£'1TER 
452-4291 

MAKE YOUR 
DAY MORE CONVENIENT 

SHOPS 1 AARON BROTHERS ART MARTS 457-5908 2 THE 
ATHLETE'S l..JCES 457-15153 CROWN BOOKS 450-0577 
4 GREAT EARTH VITAMINS 452-9775 5 HOMEPLICE . 
450-1811 6 PIC-A-DILLY 457-95307 RADIO 
SH/ICK 457-4095 8 RALPHS GROCERY 
CO. 455-0840 9'SAV-ON 
DRUGS 457-4390 10 STORM 
INTERNATIONAL FLORIST 
AND GIFTS 452-0551 
11 STROUDS UNEN 
WAREHOUSE 457-0525 
12 VIDEO GALLERY 450-1554 
SERVICES 13 BEVERLY HILLS 
SAVINGS AND LOAN 
ASSOCIATION 452-5660 14 LA 
JOLLA VILLAGE EYECARE PLAN 
457-1200 15 CENTURY 21 VIL1..N1E 
REAUY 455-6770 16 FOX PHOTO 
450-1426 17 KINKO 'S COPIES 457-3775 
18 LA JOLLA VILLAGE SQUARE DENTAL 
GROUP 455-9151 19 PRECISION APPAREL 
452-563020 SAN DIEGO FEDERAL 24 HOUR 
TELLER 459-974221 SCIENTIFIC SKIN CARE 
457-200422 SECURITY PACIFIC NATIONAL BANK 
455-7294 23 SUNNY FRESH CLEANERS 455-0071 

· 24 TRAVEL TRAVEL LA JOLLA 450-/11325 YOUNG 
ATTITUDES ,HAIR GRAPHICS 457-3334 RESTAURANTS 
& ENTERTAINMENT 26 AESOP'S TABLES GREEK CAFE 
455-7535 27 B.J. 's CHICAGO PIZZERIA 455-0662 
28 FAIRFIELDS BAR & GRILL 457-3227 29 LA JOLLA VILLAGE 
PACIFIC THEATRES 453-783130 PIPPINS 452-1823 
31 SAMSON'S 455-146132 TILT 452-0154 

Opening this fall TGI Friday 's 

= ~~= ~~--=-'='<II -~--~ -- ---~--~~-­-~---~~---~-~.....------~-- --~ 
- -- --- --~ 

"INNCNlTOB IN EUCTIlONICS IINC1195Z" 

The same Incredible machine as the KA YPRO 
2 but wtth these fine extras: 
.S-Var Rea, nme Clock with tNIck-up 
bderles. ec:IBASE II ,most popu"r 
dMa-base software ava, .. bIe, 
Included FREE' • dBASE II TuID .... ' • 
• ,nfo Star .• the KAYPRO 4 has NllCE 
the memory as the KA YPRO 2 ,up to • 
whopp'ng 400 pages,' • A seIf-
contained modem for all COIIIIIIW'katIon 
needs. • Telecomrru1kM1ons sofb.TIare • 
• 2 Additional progralllllllng ~: 
C BASIC ... S-IASIC. 

51620.00· 
-StUdent PrIce 

_liS TIlliE 
COMPUlEHCEJlTER 

r 


