
La Ina uguracidn 
••• 

••••• ••• • ••••••••• 
• • •• • ••• • •• • •••• • • • • • • • • •• • • •• • • • 
••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 
••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 
••••••••••• 
••••• 

••• 
••••• 
•••• 

•••••••••• 
••••••••••••••• 

•••••••••••••• 
• •••••••••••• 
• •••••••••••• 

• •••••••••••••• 
• •••••••••••••• 

• •••••••••••••••••• 
• •••••••••••••••••• 

• ••••••••••••••• 
•••••••••••••••••• 

•••••••••••••••• 
•••••••••••••••• 

. . . . . . .... . . . 
............... 

••••••••••••••••• 
•••••••••••••••• 
• • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • 
• ••••••••••••••• 

• •••••••••• 
• •••••••••• 

• •••••••••••••• 
• •••••••••••••• 
• •••••••••••••• 

............ ~~........ . ............. . 
• • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • .,II~~~~~~~~~tltltltltltltlltlt .. lI· ••••••••••••••••••• · .....•.•.......•.. ~ . . . . ................... . 
• • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • ••••••••••••••••••••• 
• • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • •• • • ••••••••••••••••••••••• 
• • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • ••••••••••••••••••••••• 
· ................. ~ . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 
· · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · .•••• ~~It4~~..... . ...................... . 
••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• • •••••••••••••••••••••• 
••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• • ••••••••••••••••••••••• 
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• • •••••••••••••••••••••• 
• •••• •••••• •••• •••• ••• • ••• ••••••• • ••••••••••••••••••••••• 
............................................................... 

••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• • ••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• • •••••••••••••••••••••••••• 
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• • •••••••••••••••••• 
••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• • •••••••••••••••• 
••••••••••• ••••••••••••••••••••••••• • ••••••••••••••• 
.. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .............. . 
.. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ........... . 

••••••• • ••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 
• • • • • • • • • • • • • • • ••••••••• 
• • • • • • • • • • • • ••••••••• 
• • • • • 
• • • • • 
• • • • • 
• ••• 
• • • • • 
• ••• 
• ••• 

tt •••• 

... . 

.. . . 

• •••• 
• •••• 
.. . . . 

• 

.. 

.. 

•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 
• • • • • • ••••••••••• 
• • • • • • ••••••••••• 
· . . . . . . ....... ' .... . 

• • • • • • • • • •••••••••••• 
• • • • • • •••••••••••• 
• • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • 
• • 
• 

• • 
.. . . 

· .. . 

• ••••••••••••••••••••• •• • ••••••••••••••• ••••• ••••••••••••••••••••• · .,...... .. . .. 
• • •• • •• 
•• • ••• 

••••• 
• • • • • 



2 Monday. Nov. 26. 198'* 

The Special Educadon Depamnem of 
the San Diego City Schools is looking 
for voIwnttrs to assist struggling 
children with learning difficulties. 

Volunteers are asked to help an 
individual stUdent for three hours a 
week in a subject in which the stUdent 
has devdoped a panicWar mental block. 

The program assists elementaty 
school stUdents who are not necessarily 
mentaly handicapped but who have 
difficulty learning specific subjects such 
as math. reading or even music. 
Volumeers work with the stUdent in 
back of the class to insttuct him or her 
in the subject 

A three hour uaining program 
precedes actual work with the students. 
and is intended to give the volunteer an 
idea of what to expect 

Imerested persons should contact 
CaroIl Jean Anderson or joanne Stamper 
at 274-0484 ext. 386. 

C 
Phyllis S. Mirsky, assistant university 

librarian for sciences, has been named 
UCSO's acting university librarian 
effective january 1. 1985. Her 
appointmem was announced Friday. 
November 16. by ChanceUor Richard C. 
Atkinson. 

Mirsky, who has served as assistant 
university librarian since 1981 , will 
replace Millicent "Penny~ Abell, 
university librarian for the past eight 
years, who has accepted the position as 
librarian of Yale University. Mirksy will 
serve as acting university librarian 
through june 30, 1985. or umil a 
perrnanem librarian is selected. 

Mirsky has pursued a career as a 
librarian for the past 20 years. She 
began in the Hospital and Institutions 
Division of the develand Public Library 
in 1963 and moved to UCL'. as a 
reference librarian in 1965. She served 
in various library capacities at UCL'. 
until 1979 when she moved to the 
National Library of Medicine in 
Bethesda, Maryland, as head of the 
reference section and as coordinator of 
the Library Associate Program. 

She currently serves as president of 
the Medical Library Association, an 
international organization with a 
membership of approximately 5,000 
individuals and institutions in the 
health science library field. She is also a 
member of the library and Information 
Technology Association, the American 
Ubrary Association, the Association of 
CoIIese and Research Libraries and the 
American Society for Information 
Science. 

C 
The Dumber olll~uaR 

miDority students admitted to the 
University of California continues to 
increase, indicating positive effects of 
UC student affirmative action programs, 
conckJded a repon to the Regents at 
their board meeting Thursday, 
November 15, in San Francisco. 

In me five-year period from faD 1979 
to faD 1983, me repon notes, the 
number of underrepresented minority 

undelltraduates (American Indian, black, 
Chicano, LJuino and Filipino) admitted 
to the University increased by 1,547, or 
36.9%. In comparison, admission figures 
for aU students show an increase of 
3.4% over the same period. 

"Although not all students admitted to 
the University enroll, actual minoriry . 
studenl em'OUment is also increasing," 
UC Senior Vice President for Academic 
Affairs William Fraur told the Regents. 
The repon shows a 32.2% jump from 
fall 1979 to fall 1983. while comparable 
figures for total undergraduate 
enrollment show an increase of 10.7%. 
(Enrollment figures for fall 1984 are not 
yet available.) 

These increase show. according to 
Frazer, that the University's aff'umative 
action effons to improve the preparation 
of and recruit these targeted srudenl 
groups are working. These errons 
include identifying and recruiting 
students from educationally and 
financially disadvantaged background 
through the Educational Opportunity 
Program (EOP) which, the repon notes, 
celebrates its 20th anniversary this year; 
recruitment of minority high school 
seniors and community college transfers 
(Immediate Outreach program); and 
preparation of junior high and high 
school studenls for higher education 
through academic and non-academic 
support services (Early Outreach 
program). 

The Early Outreach program, in 
particular, "has been proven successful 
in identifying minority students in 
junior high and high schools, assisting 
them through tutoring and advising on 
course selection, and making them 
better prepared for higher education," 
Frazer said. As a result, graduates of the 
Early Outreach program produce a 
higher percentage of UC-digib\e 
students, according to the repon. 

The number of minoriry students 
receiving degrees is also increasing, the 
report nores. Available data shows that 
in 1962-83, 1,788 bachelors degrees were 
awarded to underrepresented minorities 
(1,593 in 1981-82/1,502 in 1980-81), 
501 masters degrees (455/320) and 131 
doctorates (117167). 

Challenges now faced by UC's 
affirmative action programs include 
expanded o\.treach to communiry 
colleges, attended by over 85% of the 
black, HispaniC and American Indian 
students enrolled in postsecondary 
education in California, according to the 
report. 

In addition, UC is developing 
strategies aimed at minority srudents 
who ha\le been admitted to the 
University but did not enroll. "These 
studenls are of interest to us not only 
because they are academically strong-
766 of the 1,425 regularly admitted 
minorities in fall 1983 had an average 
grade-point-average of 3.59-but the 
major reasons given for not enrolling, 
such as impersonaI manner of 
enrollment process and late notification, 
are factors which can be corrected," the 
repon explains. In response, Fraur 

~---------~----------~ 
II, l.L 'A r---: . . ........ \ I"" I' Ii' 1'1' 

Cover: The Institute of the Americas celebrated its 
inauguration last Monday, Located on the UCSD 
campus, the Institute, which is not officially affiliated 
with the University, is designed to strengthen relations 
between the United States and its Latin American 
neighbors. See cover stOly on page 7 and related 
editorial, page 7. 

News: An update on the parking fee situation, the design for 
Engineering Building Unit I has been approved, and relief 
may soon be on the way for sufferers of PMS, premensuual 
syndrome. 
Opinions: A look at US-Latin American relations in light of 
the opening of the Institute of the Americas, a host oflctters 
on the recent Guardian articles on AS salaries with an 
accompanying response (see page 6), plus Doonesbury. 
Perspectives: A photographic voyage through Canada on 
the backs or a Guardian writer/photographer, plus the 
"writer's i" takes an off-hand look at some everyday 
instruments we take for granted. 
Spons: UCSD women's basketball gets off to a rocky stan 
against Pt. Lorna Nazarene, men's basketball loses to Stanford, 
and two Guardian writers take opposing viewpoints on 
"Spons the American Way." Also, Spons Slab, 

COVER GRAPHICS COURTESY OF THE INSTITUTE OF THE AMERICAS 
COVER OESIGN BY JOHN ASHLEE 

added, Univesrity effons in this area 
will include personal and telephone 
contacts, workshops on how to 
complete financial aid and housing 
applications and social events such as 
campus tours and information fairs. 

"The University's budget proposal for 
1985-86 stateS the need to increase the 
number of underrepresented minority 
students enroUed at the University," 
Frazer concluded, "and reaffirms me 
Universiry's commitment to student 
affirmative action, both by maintaining 
funding for the programs and by 
proposing initiatives to strengthen the 
academic preparation of all students 
especially those underrepresented in the 
University." 

The following are faD 1983 enrollment 
figures of underrepresented minority 
undergraduate students in the UC 
system (with faD 1982 figures in 
parentheses): American Indian, 498 
(500); black, 3,977 (3.702); Chicano, 
4,168 (3,854); Latino, 2,125 (1,858); 
Filipino, 2,211 (1,894). 

[J 
The Life fli&ht aeromedical service, 

inaugurated by UCSD Medical Center in 
March, 1980, has racked up an 
impressive number of "firsts" in its brief 
history. 

Most recendy, a second helicopter-
Life FliRht II-was put into service 
when me San Diego County uauma 
system staRed August I , and a third 

craft was brought in to serve -as hick-up 
in the busy P..rosrarn. 

The rnost llights in one 2 .... hour 
period were recorded September 2 when 
16 requests for service were ~ 
by the two helicopters. The single 
highest number of Ilights in one month. 
191, was recorded this August. 

More than 2.8'8 Ilights nave heen 
made since dedication of the life Right 
service March 17. 1980. 

At that time the life flight program 
had two pilots, one mechanic. six RNs. 
one communications coordinaUJr and 
EMS faculty physician Dying on a 5ing1e-
engine BeJll.ong Ranser helicopter. 

Right averaged less than one a day in 
the beginning. 

Today the Life RiJht crew consists of 
six pilots, two mechanics, 13 0igIu 
nurses with the most advanced critical 
care training, one chief fli&ht nurse, 25 
paramedics (all employedby other 
counry agencies and working for Ufe 
Flight on a part-dme basis) •. eight 
communications coordinatorS. one 
communication supervisor. one prDFUIl 
coordinator and EMS facWty physicians. 
residents and feBows. 

They fly on two helicopters-one a 
BoIkow 105 CBS twin engine craft and 
the other an Alouette nI-and made an 
average six Oights a day in Ausust 

A third aircraft. another AIoueue HI, is 
equipped and ready as a back up 
helicopter should me need arise. 

-SaaW"" 

OffiCials knew of hike in August 

'Surprise'. fee increase angers students 
By SEAN WAGSTAFF, Associate News Editor 

Oniversity administrators knew about 
the recendy announced mid-year 
parking fee increase in August, but took 
no.steps to inform permit puyers , This 
fact has left many people angry, and 
many admini$trators defensive. 

~tuderyts whQ .purchased permits are 
bemg mfortt'led that an additional fee of 
ahQut 20% of the original permit cost, 
SU, must be paid to make them valid 
afttr jan¥3ry ~ '" 

Himel denied that the fee increase 
was kept secret to avoid scaring away 
customers, but he did not offer an 
alternate explanation. "I don't have an 
answer other than I dropped it [the 
matter of informing permit buyersJ ," he 
said, adding, "We should have told 
you .... I'll apologize to anyone who will 
listen." 

As of January I, the new monthly 
lparking rates will be 517 for faculty, $14 

.1 .... 4 # "" I ~ George'1Himel denied-that the fee . increase was 
Jiept sec,ret to avoid scaring away customers, but he d!d ripJ~i>jffr a.rc~ltetj1ate'7e¥lanation: 

I , 
. ~ 

At a torum to diseuss the, fee raise 
with administrators last Tuesday, one 
student cited dissatisfaction With 
inadequate parking th~t fllready COSt 
him $67.50 for the year, and expressed 
his anger about the fee. "The thing I 
don't appreciate is this : All of a sudden 
sorneone's teUing me that if I don't pay 
ten bucks. they're going 10 take what 
little privilege I have away from me. It's 
not the matter of money, it 's nor the 
matter of COntract.. .. I'm angry. 1 don't 
like the attitude that someone is taking 
towards me as a student." That 
comment received widespread applause 
from the students in the audience and 

se~med to represent the prevailing 
altitude towards the administrative 
decision to aV'Oid informing people of 
the impending fee raise before the 
permits were sold. 

According ·to George Himel, associate 
vice chanceUor of business and finance, 
the necessity of a fee increase was 
apparent early last year and the present 
increase structure was decided upon by 
August 22. Despite early knowledge of 
the increase, no action was taken to 
inform permit holders about it until two 
weeks ago. 

f9 r staff, and $9.50 for students, and the 
rates will be 55 for motorcycle permits 
and $3 for one-day permits. This 
amounts to increases of 17% for faculty , 
21 % for staff and studems, 25% for 
motorcyclists and 33% for one-day 
visitors . Because the increases become 
effective january 1, anyone who already 
has an "aU-year" permit wiD have 10 pay 
the difference. For students, that 
amounts to $15. 

The increase apparently does not 
violate the contract of permit holders, 
which states that rates may be subject 10 
mcrease. But many students complained 
that me clause was not sufficient 
warning since the Administration knew 
that the 'increase would definitely be 
implemented in advance of the time the 
permits were sold . 

AU those who wish to turn their 
permits in for a refund on the -unused 
ponion, rather than pay the fee, may do 
so, Rey said . 

Himel admitted that there was no 
reason that posted signs, Dyers or other 
measures could not have been made to 
inform permit buyers at the stan of the 
quaner of the impending increase. 

The Administration has determined 

Having trouble with computer 
progra~ming? • • . ProfeSSional 
tutoring available on an individual 
basis. All languages, reasonable rates, 
on site computer available. 

It----Foresight Software'------fl 
Ask for Bill -755-3562 

AN OPPORTUNITY. A CHALLENGE. 

HEBREW UNIVERSITY OF 
JERUSALEM 

Programs for American Students: 
*Undelgl'aduace *Graduace *OneYear *Siunmer 

A representative: Lynne Van Der Horst, will be on campus 
Tuesday, 11/27 Revelle Plaza 11 am - 2 pm 

For further infonnation caU (213) H9-082+ 
or Jewish Campus Center - 583-6080. 

that the increase is necessary to pay for 
maintenance and operation of existing 
parking facilities , to pay for the cost of 
the new Warren College parking lot, 
and to begin paying off the loan taken 
to build the new multilevel parking 
faCility at the UCSO Medical Center. 
The UC Regents have pledged all of the 
income of the UCSO parking system to 
payoff that loan, according to Himel. 
"Next year our payment to the bank is 
$1.8 million ," he said. 

One complaint of AS councilmembers 
about the raise was that the standard 
process for implementing fee increases 
involves the solicitation of student 
input , and that this procedure was not 
followed . The committee in charge of 
finding a way to pay the parking debt 
and to subsequently implement a fee 
increase consisted of four administrators 
but no students. 

According to Verne Perez, Warren 
representative and organizer of the 
forum, "They didn't tell us until after the 
fact. ... It's imperative to let .everyone 
know that students have something to 
say-always." 

Said Himel, "That's pan of the 
problem as we see it, the full process 
did not happen; otherwise, you would 

in December, which would have given 
us time to do the normal process. But 
we had to shonen it up and axe out rwo 
meetings a month in order to facilitate 
our original plan, which was to make a 
presentation of the complete (rate) 
structure in December, when they [the 
Regents! decided in Oc1Ober that they 
wouldn't meet in December." 

AS President Marc Boroditsky said 
that the UC Regents have never met in 
December. 

Whe n asked why the fee increase was 
not postponed until next year, Himel 
replied . "To avoid having a horrendous 
budget defiCit, we had to do something 
this )e,Ir." The difference in income 
generated if the increase had been 
implemented next year would have been 
approlOmateiy $70,000, he said . 

lr was asked whether an alternative 
source to the fee increase was bei ng 

pur~ued and was suggested that the 
profits from the books1Ore might serve 
that funcllon . "It's being looked into .... 
You'll know when we know, In a couple 
of weeks." Himel said. 

A grace period will be granted current 
permit holders until January 14, after 
which time old permits will be 
considered invalid . In an effon 10 stem 

All those who wish to tum their permits in for a 
refund on the unused portion, rather than pay the 

_ fee, may do so. 
be in the consultive mode now. We did 
not follow that process because of a 
press in time." 

Himel said that when the absolute 
necessity of a mid-year fee increase 
became definite in August. the 
~omminee was hoping to present the 
new fee structure to the UC Regents jn 
December, thereby allowing students 
time 10 give their input. "We thought we 
could give our findings to the Regents 

permit holder discontent, the Parking 
Office has promised to facilitate the 
upgrading of permits without having to 
stand in Registrar lines. Permit holders 
will be allowed to mail in new permit 
applications, and payments may be 
accepted at the Parking Office as weU as 
the Cashier's Office. After payment of 
the fee has been received, new permits 
\vill be issued, either at the Parking 
Office or by mail. ~ 

~.~ ~_AIOM 
f,RENT HNIlCO\! 

'n4E NE'I' ~ CELLOPHANE SPECIAL! PIRMS HAI95 $995$1~~ $199S $6 ALWAYS M .... - ""'-... Th 0 ALWAYS on., , ... L, ...v., urL NLVI 
ROCCOS HAIR DESIGN 

MIRA MESA MALL 
566-6100 

CLAIREMONT SQUARE 
274-2600 

UNIVERSITY TOWNE CTR. 
455-0420 



Latin American misery and you 
On a brilliant sunny morning one week ago today, the Institute of 

the Americas held its official inaugural ceremony on the Spanish 
landscape in back of the new building. California wines and 
champagnes flowed freely from green bottlenecks, women ar:td men clad 
in tweed skirts and suits fluttered around the fountain, chirping out lazy 
comments about the state of the Americas. The nature of the 
inauguration, that being the mutual pledge for cooperation by both Latin 
American researchers and retired politicians, appeared overshadowed by 
the rickety tension of the invited masses as to what type of recourse 
would eventually be taken by the Institute to fight poverty and 
destitution in Latin America. 

Carlos Andres Perez, former preSident of Venezuela, stated on 
repeated occasions the absolute necessity for the US government to fully 
acknowledge the grave crisis that now exists in Latin America. Mr. Perez 
accused the United States government of hedging on the responsibility 
of being the dominant economic power in the region. Dr. Raul Prebisch, 
a highly renowned international economist and former head of the 
Central Bank of Argentina, attributed many Latin American woes to the 
nature of the relationship between the US and latin America, citing the 
infusion of a senseless technological build-up that has soured with 
contradictions and breeds notorious tendencies of unequal distribution 
of goods and services. 

Then, Sr. Prebisch uttered something called "social inflation," a 
concept developed to define misery in an economic manner. Social 
inflation is very high in latin America; a manifestation of this, the 
Sandinista revolution in Nicaragua, weaves a web of options for the 

impoverished in the region. 
The possibility of across-the-border revolution and the feasible 

responses to it are what the new Institute is all about. 
A delegation from the Latin American Studies Association (rASA) 

visited Nicaragua in order to observe the electoral process held in 
November. A few members of the Institute were members of this 
delegation, namely one Dr. Wayne Cornelius, chairman of the US-
Mexican Studies Program. The 1.ASA findings were as follows: "During 
the six-month period leading up to the election, the Reagan 
administration used a combination of diplomatic, economic and military 
instruments to undermine the Nicaraguan electoral process." The report 
will be published this week and made available for documentation 
throughout this country and latin America. 

The connection between the Institute and the student body is one we 
would like to make. What the Institute of the Americas can do for you is 
to provide you with information concerning every facet of structural 
existence in our sister countries. What you can do for the Institute (and 
therefore indirectly for the people of Latin America) is to directly 
participate in the seminars and field studies offered by the Institute so 
as to give them a grass-roots infusion of student opinion on the type of 
cooperative framework that could be set up between us, United States 
citizens, and them, the citizens of Latin America. 

Your very panicipation in this process may guarantee a longer lifestyle 
for many people in the region. Your absence of participation, of course, 
may further heighten the tension between old economists and young 
revolutionaries. 

llcefrfrcelf~n®llit<elf~n~ilit~lf~n~frfr®lf~n®frti:®lf~n®lt\t®lf~ll®ttfr~Jj~n<-efrfr®Jj~ll<efrfr<elf~ll<efrfr~Ir~ll<efctt<e1f~nce 
~®Jj$letterSn<e:llit®lf$)ll<e:ilit~1f~ll®Rfr®1f~ll®frlt®1f~ ll~frfr®1f~n~frfr®1f~ll<efrfr<eIr~ll<efrfr<e1f~ll<ellit<eIr~ ncelt~~ 
1f~ll®frfr®rr~n®till<eIr~ll®frfr®lf~n®llit®lf~n(~llli~1f~ll®ttfr®lf~n®frfr<elf~n®frfr®1f~n<efctt<elf~n<eilit<e1f~n~ .:~~ ~ .~.: 

n®frfr®1f~n®frfc®lf~n®fc1l:®lf~ll®frfr®Jf~ll®frtt®If~ll®frtt®lf~ll®frfr~lf~n~frfr®lf~n®frfr®1fn®fctt<-eJj~n®frfr<errh .,_ 
AS salaries 
Editor: 

My respect for our student 
government has hit a new low. I thought 
I was disgusted when last year's officers 
voted themselves stipends. Now our 
student "representatives" are giving 
themselves $6500 for the same duties 
that have been done by volunteers in 
the past, with no authorization from the 
students who will pay them. We are told 
that the salaries will open up the AS to a 
large variety of students. Read the not· 
so-fine print students on financial aid 
will lose as much in college aid as they 
gain from salaries. 

Boroditsky thinks "most students 
would understand why the AS should be 
paid ." A curious assumption, especially 
noting that a referendum 18 months ago 
showed that three out of four students 
opposed salaries for AS officials. One 
more thing: Why didn't we hear about 
this during the elections (or was it 
printed in invisible ink in the comer)? I 
don't consider it "far left" to expect to 
hear what a candidate for office plans to 
do before we vote for them. 

CIiIMaat 

Editor. 
I cannot believe that you call 

yourselves a news media. You have 
lately taken to printing misinfonnation. 
The only thing your paper is good for 
these days is lining garbage cans. 

When the AS Council attacked you 
for printing the Perspectives anicle 
"Accept me for what I am ... " because it 
contained a negative stereotypical image 
which only serves to damage the 
relationship between society and its 
minorities, your paper screamed First 
Amendment rights. 

Now you again have chosen to print 
misinformation. This lime concerning 

the AS Council and the salaty issue . 
You, as the actual printers of the 
Guardian , knew good and well that there 
was an Executive Committee on Salaries 
which had been meeting for the last two 
months. This has been in the AS 
Bulletin in your paper. And, if you didn't 
know this. you are not doing your job as 
a news media to find out the news and 
apparently don't even read your own 
paper. 

Since you apparently feel so SlTongly 
about this issue, your r~sponsibaity would 
have been to give it lotS of attention 
then to encourage student input. But, 
you waited until a decision was already 
made before you opted to use your 
power and give the issue any attention. 

Why all this newfound criticism? 
What have you accomplished? WeD, 
perhaps the students feel that the 
Guardian is their advocate now. Perhaps 
you have gained popularity (and more 
readers). 1 don't know your reasoning. 
But, I feel that the students should know 
that your paper withheld publicizing 
this issue until after the decision was 
already made. 

I think that your editorial staff is a 
bunch of juvenile popularity seekers 
who print what they want, when they 
want, however inaccurate it may be, and 
then hide behind the First Amendment 
when someone has the courage to point 
this out. Perhaps we should be 
questioning the nature of your 
journalistic ethics instead of our political 
ones. 

Editor: 
I think it is about time that the 

council members get paid , and it is too 
bad that the college representatives 
cannot receive money as well. The work 
that the AS council members do is time 
consuming and often prohibits them 
from obtaining. or retaining, outside 

jobs. The students who become elected 
to council are serving the entire student 
body with their time and energy and 
they often get little respect from the 
student body for the work that they do. 

Students as a whole don't like to 
spend excess funding monies and if 
given the chance wiD always vote such 
topics down; it's a bit like taxes. Look at 
the "good" that the tax-saving 
Proposition 13 has done. The money 
used to fund the commissioners' salaries 
will come from interest on accounts; it 
will not be taken from programming or 
other areas of predetermined spending. 
Yes, you could say that this money 
could be spent on program X or Y but 
you could do the same for money that is 
already allocated to various projects and 
programs. Take it From "Peter to pay 
Paul," as the old saying goes. This is not 
the case. This money is cUlTCnt!y not 
being used, as of yet, and 1 for one 
think commissioners' salaries are a good 
way to put the money to use . 

Do students (or the Guardian) put up 
a fuss because the directors of ASIa, 
core members of the Co-ops, employees 
of student services and committees 
such as Soft Reserves, Lecture Notes, 
EDNA and Reg-Fee get paid? No, they 
don't, and they probably aren't aware 
that all of these and many more (that 
aren't listed) get paid a salary or a 
stipend, depending on your prefelTCd 
word choice. Respect and reward the 
work your elected officials do for you 
and give them the meger pittanCe that is 
planned . The council positiOns are jobs 
and the officers deserve to get paid for 
what they do. Would you work for free? 
1 don't and I won't The time and effort 
tha( 1 devoted last year to the Sun God 
Festival was more than I ever thought I 
could commit myself t.o. I enjoyed what 
I dId bur there IS nolhing motivating me 
to dIrect the Sun God Festival again if 1 
could nor get paid or receive units for 
my work this year. The salary I will 

eventually be receiving will by no means 
be equal to that of the work that I will 
do. The council members will also work 
well beyond what they will earn. 

This year's council re-worked an idea 
. last year's council left for them; they 

corrected the poorly planned and hastily 
conceived bill. This year's council didn't 
devise the bill; they acquired 
recommendations from an advisOry 
committee outside of the council. 

Our AS council is making the student 
government at UCSD accessible to all. 
not just those who can afford to give up 
pan-time jobs. We are the last UC 
campus to have a council that works for 
free . Work is work. regardless of 
whether it is for an outside employer, 
the Regents or us, the students of 
UCSD. 

If you doubt the importance of their 
positions or their jobs, then come up to 
the AS office, stick around for a few 
days and then make your decision. You 
will see how much time each one of the 
commissioners spends at his/her job. 
Ask to be part of the evaluating 
committee, but by aD means don't sit by 
idly and complain about something you 
rna)' know little (or even a lot) about. If 
you are unhappy do something, but 
open your eyes first and realize that the 
work done for you is tremendous. If you 
cannot fathom this idea and won't come 
spend a few days in the offices, then 
just think about aD the work that goes 
into planning, organizing and executing 
one (count it, one) TGIF and ask 
yourself how willing you would be to 
plan and exe(;ute al 15 that will occur 
this year for free: note that TG's 
cQmprise only 1/ 2Oth of the activities, 
programs and services provided by the 
council. If your answer is yes . then 
please run for council next year and 
reject your offered salary. 

Susan lewis 
Sun God Femval '85 

Director 

Moruloy, Nov. 26, 198.. 5 

~<e:frfr®1f~ncefdtcerr~llcellit®lf~ncefrfr®Ji~ll®frfr®rr~ll®~fr®Ji~n~1i~~Jj~llce~fr®lf~~cefdt®rr~ncefrfr®Jj~n<efrfr~Jj~nce 
~~lf~lettersncefdtce;Jj~~®ilit<elf~n~1tLtce~lf~n~tt{l:(p;lf$)n®dt~1f~n®frfr®1f~n~frfrceJj~ll<e:frfrce1f~ll®frfr®Jj~n<efrfr~ 
rr ~ n <efrfrce; rr ~n ® {tfrcerr ~ n ®frfr~rr~n ®frtt~Jf ~ll~; ICt . ({': f. ~ n ~~ \: ~10 it' ~ll (~ttti:®lf ~ II ®frfr®rr ~n ®frfr®lf~n ®frfr~1f ~ II ®frfrcerr 
Editor: 

We read , with disbelief, the essayis ts of the GuardIan 
write about the salaries allocated [0 the AS campuswide 
student leaders. The "facts" stated in the editorial and 
article cannot be supported by the AS Constitution, 
reports or general acdons of the AS Council. 

The Executive Committee on Salaries was created by 
Council to thoroughly discuss the issue of salaries and 
take in student inpUl. The members of this committee 
were not voting council members-they were student 
leaders (college council chairs, $MC chair, Reg Fee 
chair, Student Center Board chair) selected by the 
various processes of this university to represent the 
student body. They met on Mondays and Thursdays. at 
a regular time, to take student input, examine the 
issues and implications of salaries and make a 
recommendation to Council on the issue. The creation 
of this committee prompted discussion on the issue of 
salaries on every college council on this campus, and 
the members of the committee carried their entitites' 
concerns back to the executive meetings with them. 

Contrary 10 the Opinion section, the meeting times 
of the Committee on Salaries were advertised in the AS 
Bulletin, at every Council meeting and were known by 
the college councils due to their own membership. 

But the Guardian wouldn't know that. The Guardian 
wouldn't know that the AS has had the issue of salaries 
presented to it at meetings for the past six weeks, in 
the fonn of resolutions, forums and announcements. 
The Guardian wouldn't know that the Judicial Board 
has the responsibiUty of evaluating all council members 
due to the reinforcements provided by salaries. The 
Guardian wouldn't know that members of Council can 
lose their salaries and be removed from office if they 
are found not to be fulfilling thtir responsibilities. Why 
wouldn·t they know this? Because the Guardian has 
only attended one AS meeting in the pa~ six weeks. It 
did not attend the meeting which put a salary 
allocation on the agenda as new business nor the 
meeting when salaries were passed. We can't believe 
[he audacity of the Guardian to write irresponsible 
treatises on the ethics of salaries. Where were they 
when the Committee on Salaries met? Where were 
they when salaries were proposed? Why did they 
discard their responsibility to inform the students 
about, presumably, important issues? At the vel)' least, 
don't they read the AS Bulletin in their own Guardian? 

The student representatives on this campus were 
aware of the discussion on this issue . The AS used the 
campus media to announce the forums on salaries. It 
is unfortunate that the Guardian keeps itself so 
sheltered that it is unaware of this dialogue. 

It was our opinion that journalism was the process 
of gathering infonnation and relaying this 10 the 
public. The anempts by the AS to get information OUt 
on this issue points up the fact that the AS is doing its 
part to combat student apathy with communication. 
We wish the same could be said for the Guardian. 
Michael S. Goodheim Steve Krems 
Ken Carifle Chris Moore 
Marc Boroditsky Lou Andenon 
John Aliano VaUerie Lipman 
Jill Berlin Annenr M. Robens 
Marianne Woo Katherine Silsbee 
Micki Archuleta Robin Newland 

Gary Gleason 
Allen Shulman 
Gregory Arnold 

Editor: 

Michael Fahlbusch 
Ira Rubenstein 

Mary Rose Alexander 

I am writing to you in regards to the two articles on 
the passage of salaries for the AS Council ("AS: The 
Recission of Ethics;'· "AS puts itself on the payroll") 
printed in last Monday's Guardian . Having not been at 
the meeting I can understand the Guardian 's lack of 
knowledge on the subject. However, I cannot accept 

Doonesbury 

~ 

1IJMIU 1EfCO/~ AN Mt:¥I77VE 
f'IIIIICJIR CF ~ II6IE5T OlRfIl., 
)QI1II4Iff .... H CNfJIIItiIW)(¥II: 

¥II59fiCTCFIAI 

IIHN la« (JIll ClJIAITI(Y 1/IfIEP rrs 
IItIICX at >w, >CKI !iK/t.J.R.U.Y MMP 
lfU: ~7D7lEMWfAS~ 
)W IQlI tlfililfT5lfU: 6tfIIIE fl/l)I>1 
II{ IMPI5CJ.IJ5E() IIXATION. 

MAKING DECISIONS EASIER 
Family Plonning Associotes Medicol Group's professionol concerned 
staH con give you the support you need when moking decisions 
obout your personol heolth core needs. Coli today loron imme diate 
appointment. 

, 

• FREE PREGNANCY TESTING 
. 

with results while you wait 

• GENERAL or LOCAL ANESTHESIA 
for unplanned pregnancy 

• AFFORDABLE BI RTH CONTROL 

• GYNECOLOGICAL EXAMS 

• FAMilY PLANNING ASSOCIATES 
MEDICAL GROUP h 

., 

, 

San Diego 
(619) 287-8226 

the fact that you saw fit to print such a blatant abuse 
of the facts . As the AS Vice PreSIdent ,md Chair of the 
council . [ feel it is my responSibility to set some 
information straight and shed some light on the events 
of the November 14 council meeting. Since I do chair 
the meeting and, therefore. only vote in case of a tie , I 
am perhaps the least biased individual to present to 
you the facts of the actual meeting where council voted 
in favor of salaries. 

> CONTINUED 0 PAGE 6 > 

IN PflJ/BUflHJJ6IIfTtIN ~All)fk/J€ 
fiQf7!I{ IIIIRf IIGH, "" I1116Yt«CllJKJE 
(F~ 7IIIa 6IlNtTPlEA5IJI?E 
INCOI~at'Olm5~ 
(F flOC1(1i. (F ~ IWf) IH.!il/I?e I 

" ~ 

BY GARRY TRUDEAU 

1HIWK yO//, 
PflE$/{)tNT Pm 

I~ V~ PfItXJP 
THAT )(XI •. 

I 



6 Monday, 0 • . 26, 1984 

n<eilit(em:>~ll~llit<err~n®rut~lf~llcettttcerr~n®t.t~®1f~ll c. ,~fr®1f~n~\1~ceIr~n®frfr®lf~nce{t{t~lf~llcefrtt®lf~llcetttt®Ir~TI® 
{tcerr~l etter sll ce{ill®Ir ~ll ®llitceIr ~ n ®i t l®rr~ll (f:it{l:~rr )l ~ :) :( '; If ~n ~ttfr®lf~ll ®frtt®Ir~ n cefrtt®lf ~ll ~frttceIr ~n ®frfr~ 

) CO TI UED FROM PAGE 5 > 
To begin with , the vote did not rake 

place "somewhere between 7 pm and 8 
pm," as stated by the author of the 
opinion :utlcle. The meeting began at 
6:30 pm and lasted nearly three hours, 
most of which was devoted to the issue 
of salaries. You may think that this is an 
insignificant fac!. However, if you can't 
gel the time right, why should anyone 
believe your assessment of the 
proceedings of the meeeting? Council 
did not make a quick, irrational 
decision in less than an hour, but rather 
debated and questioned each other 
diligently on the issue. The vote reflects 
many hours of study and discussion by 
both council members and the executive 
committee on salaries and was, 
therefore, a responsible deciSion . 

On the issue of con fl ict of interest, 
you are correc t that the vote does seem 
to fall into this gray area and this issue 
was brought up on numerous occasions. 
In fact, Roben 's Rules of Order were 
called upon for a precise definition of 
conllict of interest. The master of order 
states that 

"If a member could never VOle 011 
a question affecting himself, It 
would I>e ImpoSSible Jor a society 

tll vo/e 10 hold il banquet, (II jor 
(lll (lIgarll~(l/lml /0 vote til 1'<1.1' Its 
member 

It IS also Important to note that of the 
five indiVIduals that vOIed "No' only one 
saId they were opposed to salaries, the 
others spoke (if at all) in favor of 
salanes but against council voting them 
In for themselves These four individuals 
also chose to pass their vOles unltl all 
other council members had cast theirs 
in favor. 

Another interesting fact about the 
vote, one not mentioned by the 
Guardian, is that of the ten college 
representatives present at the meeting 
(who will nol receive any monetary 
compensation), seven voted in favor 
with only three dissenting. These 
students have the responsibility of 
representing their colleges, and their 
votes reflected both the view of their 
college councils and their own 
interaction with students. 

The vote , therefore, did not involve 
conllict of interest, was not rash, and 
was thoroughly researched and 
responsible. If you had been at the 
council meetings perhaps you would have 
reached the same conclusion. As always, 
you are invited to attend in the future . 
Mary Rose Alexander, AS Vice Preisdent 

EallOr's Iwte What we have here IS a 
senous lack of communication. In our 
last Issue , we questioned the actions of 
the AS Council :md the appointed 
Execu[\\,c Committee on Salaries in their 
placement of student opinion in what 
could formally be called a "blind trust." 
The intervIews we conducted and our 
readings of the various repons led us to 
present a very skeptical analysis of the 
proceeding which prompted the passage 
of salaries. We still hold the belief that 
very lIttle was done by the AS !O infonn 
the student population on this obviously 
controversial issue. 

If ir is felt that we failed to properly 
facilitate discussion between the AS and 
the student body over the gravity of the 
issue beforehand, then our share of the 
responsibility is hereby acknowledged. 

However, the fundamental 
disagreement we have with the way in 
which salaries were appropriated still 
exists. For it is one thing to pay lip 
service to the an of properly soliciting 
information, and it is another !O field 
responses and synopses of a specific 
prorosal and act efficiently. 

lour As councilmembers do Sincerely 
pledge !O fight apathy on this campus 
\vith an effective outreach program then 
they must not look this gift horse ill the 

DELIVERY THAT'S 
WINNING THE WEST 

WEI « S FARGO SIUDENT LOANS 
Speedy Processing: At Wells Fargo, we're 
committed to rapid turnaround. Our state-of-the-
art student loan system enables us to give your 
loan request prompt attention and swift handling. 
We Make It Simple: No additional bank forms 
are required, and you don't need to have a credit 
history or account relationship in order to qualify. 
Courteous Customer Service: Our service 
representatives are ready to answer your ques-
tions. We appreciate your business, and we're 
anxious to make your dealings with Wells Fargo 
Bank pleasant and hassle-free. 
Choose Wells Fargo: If a student loan is part 
of your plans for financing your education, then 

tell your financial aid office that you want to go 
through Wells Fargo Bank. Soon after you mail 
us your appiication, you'll begin to see why 
Wells Fargo was the smart choice. 
If you need more information, we'd be happy 
to help ... phone or write us today! 
Call (800) 641-0473 Toll-Free 

(415) 396-4105 Collect 
Weekdays 8 AM-5:30 PM 

Wells Fargo Bank 
Student Loan Center 
PO. Box 63095 
San Francisco, CA 94163 

mouth. What the Guardl@ began last 
issue was a critical dis usslon on the 
amount of power delegated to this and 
every AS CounCIl, and its relev;mce to 
the individual student's life. 

Yes , there has to be a distinction 
made between what some politicians 
would assume is an electoral mandate to 
bully pieces of legtslatlon through pubhc 
hands, and a request by a majority of 
people for their elected officials to 
responSibly handle, discuss, and put 
into action pieces of legislation that 
have the true backing of the community. 

We don't doubt that councilmembers 
are dedicated workers, or hard-pressed 
financially as a result of time spent on 
the job. That point was never disputed. 
We did question though, the 
intelligence of such a vote in light of 
strong student opposition to stipends 
laSt year. We desire not to stan a verbal 
boxing match with the AS over who is 
to blame for the lack of widespread 
discourse . Rather, it is now up to the 
studems to reside silently or vocally in sup-
pon of the salary proceedings, or request 
by petition a review of all the options 
available to the AS councilmembers so 
that they don't have to spend the rest of 
the year eating frozen burritos. 

•................................. 

,COpy f 
COVE LJoIIa 

*QUALITY XEROX COPIES 
* TYPESEmNG/GRAPHICS 

*QUALITY OFfSET PRINTING 
* RJLL COlOR XEROX COPIES 

*BUSINESS CARDS 
*ENLAAGEMENTS 
* REDUCTIONS 
* ADDRESS LABELS 
*TRANSPARENCIES 
*NCR FORMS 
*ENVElOPES 

* COLLATING 
* LAMINATING 
* BINDING 
*FOLDtNG 
*CUTIING 
*PADDtNG 
* DRilliNG 

ONE STOP PRINTING CENTER 
OPEN: mon-tri 7'30 to 6"00 sat 9:00 to 5:00 

456-Z444 
701 .... r. 5t La .J0I'" 

(comer 01 Drape. • ~I) 
10% Student Discount with this ad 

•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

I : 11) I' Y " ~~Iq,k 'i tll l 1 IF I 
(011 I" ) n ! /O".- ,J I 1,1' ,. 

11111",_ 
FREE INTRODUCTORY SESSIONS 
CLASSES ON CAMPUS 
San Diego Center 
2180 Garnet Ave SUite 2D 
PaCifiC Beach 92109 
(619) 270-6&10 
'VI L McNulty. Administrator 

l~~ 

Monday, No •. 26, 198+ 7 
Ne~ 

• ~. •• • • ... ,.-t7.<1' • ..' ".~ ~ •• ,. • • /. • 

Cover story 

Institute dedicated to Western World 
By ANDREA HARMON 

T HE INSTITUTE OF THE AMERICAS (lOA) officially opened its doors last Monday, November 19, to 
provide what Ted Gildred, chairman of 
the board, said is "a forum for sharing 
of Ideas among business people, 
scholars, government officials, 
journalists, and leaders of civic, 
charitable , labor and religiOUS 
organizations .. . to deal with specific 
economic, political and social issues of 
the (Western) hemisphere." 

The 51.7 million sbUcture took three 
years to build on two acres of UCSD 
land nonh of Third CoDege. It was 
funded by the Theodore Gildred 
Foundation, named after its founder, a 
businessman who worked most of his 
life in Latin America. 

lOA, a non-profit organization, has as 
its purpose "the promotion of better 
understanding among the countries of 
the Western Hemisphere by fostering 
more direct communication among the 
people and countries of the Americas. 
This aim is based on the belief that a 
more enlightened and understanding 
citizenry IS the only foundation upon 
which an enduring and mutuaRy 
beneficial relationship can be built. The 
Institute 's scope extends to aR countries 
of the Western Hemisphere-Canada, 
the United States, latin America, and 
the Caribbean," Gildred said. 

Carlos Andres P~rez, the fonner 
President of Venezuela, spoke at the 
dedication ceremony on US and latin 
American relations. P~rez said that "the 
inconstancies of US action have been 
the historical constant, (and) only when 
there is a conflict in latin America does 
the United States take interest; the 
Central America trouble now, for 
example." The countries "drift apan 
once again until the next conflict comes 
again." 

P~rez helieves "the US distrust of 
latin America is the reason for the 
existing bad relations" and problems in 
latin America. On the subject of US 
Presidents' relations with latin America , 
P~rez said , "Roosevelt and Kennedy are 
the only US Presidents that are weD 
remembered in latin America, (and) the 
Presidem with the best und~rstanding of 
us was Jimmy Caner. He shared poliCies 
and risks and put aside international 
paternalism ... 

According to UC President David 
Gardner, the goal of the Institute of the 

Americas will be to try and encourage 
understanding and familiarity "between 
the public and private sectors, between 
the world of scholarship and the world 
of business, the profesSions and civic 
life." 

The I nstitute will encourage the 
educated public's access to its 
publications, research and meetings, 
and will orient its affairs toward this 
group. The Institute is trying to establish 
itself not as another organization 
focusing on Latin America, but on 
programs which will take place in both 
latin America and the United States, 
and wiD consider the relationships 
between the two. There are seVeral 
initial programs being considered by the 

American Communications (FACS). This 
conference would create a place for 
journalists from the print and electronic 
media and expens on specific latin 
American related topics to meet. 

Another program the Institute is 
developing, this time with the Center 
for US-Mexican Studies at UCSD, is 
"Development Strategies and Economic 
Institutions in Comparative Perspective: 
The latin American and Asian 
Experiences." This would be a two-year 
program fOCUSSing on the Pacific Basin, 
and would have panicipants from Brazil. 
Japan, Mexico, South Korea, and 
Taiwan. A cross-national comparison of 
economic models would be done, 
resulting, perhaps, in solutions to latin 

endowed three chairs in latin American 
studies at UCSD. Dr. Wayne Cornelius, 
directOr of the UCSD Center for US-
Mexican Studies, has been appointed to 
the "Gild red Professorship in US-
Mexican Relations: and Dr. Paul Drake, 
previously director of the Joint 
University of Chicago-University of 
Illinois Center for latin American 
Studies, has been appOinted to the 
"Institute of the Americas Professorship 
for Inter-American Affairs." The "Simrln 
Bolivar Professorship in latin American 
Studies" Chair is unfilled at this time. 

UCSD Chancellor Richard Atkinson 
was pleased that the Institute was 
located at UCSO. "Mr. Gildred's vision 
of improving communication and 
understanding between the United 
States and Latin America has been 
instrumental in making possible this 
significant venture. The development of 
UCSD as an important center of Latin 
American studies has been a high 
priority for the campus in recent years. 
The Gildred Foundation'S past suppon 
has allowed us to develop outstanding 
programs in US-Mexican studies. We 
look forward to working jOintly with the 
Institute of the Americas to establish a 
major center for Inter-American affairs." 

The Institute oj the Americas was dedicated north of Third College laS! wet/! by, among others, 
Jormer Venezuelan Prtsidtnt Carlos Andres Ptrez and UC President David P. Gardntr. 

UCSD's location-on the West Coast 
and close proximity to Mexico- was one 
reason it was chosen. Dr. Joseph Grun-
wald, preSident of the Institute, said, "Es-
tablishing the Institute in California will 
ensure that it provides a positive balance 
to the heavy concentration of East Coast 
organizations and agencies focusing on 
latin America." 

Gildred believes that the lOA "will 
become a major catalyst, coordinator, 
and sponsor of programs designed to 
expand mutual understanding and 
support among the countries of the 
Americas: 

Institute. The Institute, with the 
Stanford-Berkeley Joint Center for latin 
American Studies and several Brazilian 
institutions, are developing a program 
focusing on Brazil. The program will 
discuss the Brazilian debt, and 
technological/ infonnation transfer. The 
meetings will occur half of the time in 
California and half of the time in Brazil. 
If the first pan of this program is 
successful, a second phase on energy 
development and environmental impact 
of economic development may be 
initiated. 

The lOA is also considering 
developing a conference for editors and 
reponers with the Foundation for 

Am~rican development issues. 
The lOA is already involved in some 

programs, notably, the Inter-American 
Dialogue. The Institute gave panial 
financial suppon to the most recent 
meeting of the Dialogue, and several 
members of the Institute participated in 
the Dialogue. The lOA also made the 
translation of the Dialogue's report into 
Spanish and Ponuguese possible. 

The Institute is separate from UCSD, 
with its own staff, budget, programs and 
board of governors, and will be housed 
on the second floor of the new building, 
while the University has offices on the 
first Iloor. 

The Gildred Foundation also 

The "lack of understanding," 
according to Grunwald , between [he 
United States and Latin America, "is nO! 
a monopoly on one side or another in 
[he Nonh and South American 
relationship." Trying to understand the 
problems and "address the issues of 
both Latin and Central America in a 
way that the layman can better 
understand ," is one of the major goals of 
the lOA Grunwald believes the Institute 
is not going to be "an IVOry tower where 
people would be removed from the 
reality of the outside world: ~ 

,----------------------------------

-GRAND OPENING-
WE NOW HAVE COLOMBO TOFU ALSO! 

(LESS CALORIES THAN YOGURT) 
UNMRSITY TOWNE CENTRE 

UP BY NORDSTROMS 

FRUSEN 
GIiDJi: 

TM 
Natural Ice Creams 

Buy a single scoop of 
ice cream or TOFU and 
get another scoop FREE 

. V..thcJ WIth coupon only Expire~ 11 -28-84 

I 

~----------------------------------



)~ 
/",\ ... , ' 

Engineering gets relief from new facility 
By PHIL WILLON. News Editor 

The UC Regents approved the design 
for a new $34 million engineering 
building for UCSD. It will be the largest 
building on the campus when it is 
completed in Februrary of 1987. 

Engineering Building Unit I will be 
located northeast of Central Library, and 
ItS 240,000 square feet will provide 
teaching and researc h space for both 
the AMES and EECS departments. The 
new instructional laboratories and 
classrooms will be able to accommodate 
more than 400 students at anyone time. 

"It's going to mean an enormous 
amount of rehef for space-all of UCSD 
IS crowded ," saId Lea Rudee , dean of 
engmeering. "The new faciliry will be a 
real benefit to the students." 

Engineering IS currently the most 
popular field of study on campus, with 
the enrollment of the AMES and EECS 
programs tmaling more than 3,100 
undergraduate and 300 graduate 
students. The existing engmeering 
buildings are so impacted that many of 
the researchers are forced to share 
cramped laboratories , and the graduate 
students are not allowed offIces, said 
Rudee. 

currently, the Engineenng Division 
has only half the space it needs to 
function in a reasonable manner. Both 
Urey Hall and the Applied Physics and 
Mathematics Building (AP&"M) are 
running their laboratories at absolute 
capacity. Some renovation of Urey is 
expected to accompany the new 
building. 

"Most of the new space will be taken 

stuck for space until that new building 
is completed," he added. 

Another building, which will be 
located right next to the engineering 
unit, will be the Instruction Research 
Building. It is planned to house a variety 
of academic departments, including 
some social science and music 
programs. Its main function will be to 
create space for the Impacted 

use-you can't build two-Story buildings 
spr~ad OUt all over campus; you're going 
to run OUt of room." 

These n~w structures are just a part of 
the University's developmental trend 
northward , as can be seen with the 
newly constructea Warren Apanments 
and the new Center for Magnetic 
Recording Research , which is currently 
bein~ built just east of Central Library. 

"We're beginning to develop so that 
the campus ¥/ill orientate towards 
Central Library," said Powers. 

Engineering Unit I will not be the 
only prospective addition to the 
engineering program. An increase in 
faculty and new diSCiplines in structural 
and mechanical engineering will be a 
direct result of the additional space and 
facilities. 

The build ing will be eight stories high 
and will have the same basic concrete -
and-glass look as neighboring Central 
Library. The new faciliry, which will 
acrually be bigger than the library, will 
be divided into two main sections. 
Laboratories will be located on the north 
side and will be designed to be 
vibration-free due to the planned use of 
sensitive research equipment. The 
offices will be in a separate section , 
south of the laboratories. 

The UC Regents approved the design of Engineering Building Unit I. Shown in the middle of 
this moot! is Central Library. 

According to Rudee, the number of 
students applying to UCSD is the 
highest in the UC system, and the 
engineering major has been one of the 
hardest hit. The new UC policy of 
allowing rrospective students to apply 
to severa UC campuses that offer 
engineering programs, instead of only 
one, has added to the lack of room now 
available in the major. 

up by people who are packed into Urey 
Hall right now: said University 
Architect Charles Powers, who added 
that the new strucrure will probably not 
be completed within the next twO years. 

In the meantime faculty and students 
will just have to make due, says Rudee. 
"There 's no question we're going to be 

----------------------------------~ 
: ' I ", # d On: ~esrt I k:::. --,-Of n-\E d"e&se :'..-.PI~ - ~ : I I \ EYE "AlQy l\.S aJ gtJ' _ ~ I I JiG"- I I,-.OS - "YOU WON'T BELmVE: 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

I 
YOUR EYES" : 
Ba~Jsch Be Lomb ext end e d wear .1 

30-day lenses 
$129- ~,""'ECIAL REDUCED PRICE (with coupon) 

plus-FREE PAIR OF SUNGlASSES 
from a special group 

$119- With Student ID, & Coupon 
BAUSCH & LOMB EXT END E D \NEAR 
LENSES-FREE PAIR OF SUNGlASSES 

... -------one per student--------.. 
INITIAL VISIT- NO EXCEPTIONS- FIRSTCOMEjFIRSTSERVE 

Offer expires November 3~. 1984 

GUT CEKDFlCATES AVAIlABLE 
GIVE DIE GIFI' OF GOOD VISION 

GE DIE mWR OF YOUR IWI~ 
COLOR CONTACTS AVAILABLE 

REG. $179 COMPlElE/$99 WITH PURCHASE OF 
~y EXTENDED INEJlJ? PACKAGE 

Grossman Optometrlcs, lne. 
Dr. Steven Grossman, 0.0. 

243 No. Hwy. 101, Solana Beach 
CALL 456·EYES or 

481-2277,481-2278,259-0229 
: Hours: Monday-friday 8 am· 7 pm Saturday 10 am-6 pm 
I Closed Sunday G 

~----------------------------------

University. 
Funding for the building has not 

been approved as of yet and will be up 
before the California Legislarure in next 
year's budget proposal. 

"We're pretty short of space on this 
campus," said Powers. "The campus has 
to start thinking seriously about land 

Even though the AMES and EECS 
departments are at maximum capacity, 
any srudent who meets the designated 
requirements is accepted. 

For now engineering space problems 
are solved, but the increasing popularity 
of UCSD may fill them to the rim in a 
very short while . ~ 

Mac intosh Softwar~e 
Developers Seminar 

.,.-" ~". 

November 29, 1984 9 am-12 Noon 

For the senous user that would like 
information about developing 

software for the Macintosh computer. 

Call 452 -4291 for more information. 

UIlIVERSITY BaaliSTaRE 
COMPUTER C£1I1ER 

452-4291 

~,Nov. 26, 198~ 9 
NEIrJS 

, "~ . ~ .;.: /. ~ ~ . .. " .. .,,. , ~/. " ~, »:; .. ,4~.f.', ,.;:: ~. ~ .... 

UCSD research involves "medical ovariectomy" 

New medication may aid PMS sufferers 
Doctors at 1M UCSD School of 

Medicine Iuwe announcrd a promising 
treatment rot ~mensauaJ syndrome, a 
distressil1lll18Y of psychological and 
physical symptoms thai completely 
dlsru~ some women's IiYes with 
monthly regularity. 

By inhibiting 1M release of specific 

Dr. Samuel Ytn. analYzing PMS. 

reproductive hormones during the 
menstrual cycle, the physicians were 
able to eradicate PMS symptoms. The 
patients in this comroUed study 
experienced no serious side effects, 
according to Samuel s.c. Yen, MD, DSc. 
professor of reproductive medicine at 
UCSD and director of the study. 

This research is described in an 
article in the November 22 issue of the 
New England Jounull of Mtdicint . 

Eight women with PMS participated 
in this stUdy, which last six months. For 
three months, twO groups of four 
women gave themselves daily injections 
of either a placebo or the experimental 
medication. At the end of three months, 
the groups switched. The experiment 
was double-blind : Neither the doctors 
nor the patients knew who was gening 
the placebo until after the data were 
analyzed , and it became clear that the 
medication had aneviated PMS 
symptoms in all of the patiems. 

The medication was a brain hormone 
caned gonadotropin-releasing hormone 
(GnRH) agonist, which was syntheSized 
and provided by Drs. Jean Rivier and 
Wylie Vale of the Salk Institute. GnRH is 
released to the pituitary gland by the 
hypothalamus, and stimulates the 
secretion of specific hormones that 
control ovulation . GnRH-agonist blocks 
the action of GnRH, decreasing the 
levels of ovari an hormones and 

The home of the 
3~¢ halllburger. 

, M~'OoIta'd~m &£Iou. 
\ h r .m \! \t.t ~ 

. I 7140 Miramar Rd. San Diego 
jIII!!~IlIII~!~!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I~~--'I 

ALL AMERICAN MEAL 
Quarter Pounder® with Cheese, Lal'Je Fry, 

Medium-Size Soft Drink ' : bh , .,/"'. 1 !u " j / ,,·n, 

limit un~ coupon p"r 
custumer, per visit. PI"aS<' 
pr.·s"nt cuupon wh,'n 
orJerinll. Not valiJ with :my 
nt .... r offer. 

Good thru 
Ore. 26, 1984 

UNIQUE QIFTS from the SEAl 

Just $1.99 
(plus tax) , 
Only at: 

7140 Miramar Rd. 
San Diqo 

~-.!I"" 

"1,II .mlt ll l Hun""lIop \ . (Hr; 
'\rllllt\ l'I'tltuhlllll.1 ()( ..... lIn~r, ")tl\ 
l..t Jull .I, (',.lltOIlIl.1 "'2(~1 

Ocean-related books 
(pre-.claool tlarouola po.t·graduate). 

We accept. plaoDe ordell " lDa.tercard/."a. 

preveming ovulation. This is referred to 
as "medical ovariectomy." 

PMS symptoms develop during the 
two weeks preceding the onset of 
menstruation, and subside after the 
onset of menstruation. Yen theorizes 
that the monthly rise and faD of 
reproductive hormones, known to exert 
a powerful inOuence on the brain, is 
somehow related to PMS. 

Some stUdies have estimated that 30% 
of aD women suffer from PMS, a poorly 
defined syndrome marked by a range of 
symptoms which can include violent 
tendencies, drastic mood swings, 
irritability, depression, bloating and 
headaches. These symptoms are so 
severe that a woman's personal and 
professional life are completely 
disrupted. 

"Based on our experience, this 
estimate is too high, and probably 
includes individuals who do not have 
authentic PMS. I think it is closer to 10-
15%," said Yen. 

The women in the study experienced 
relief from PMS during the three months 
they were given GnRH-agonist. Yen 
reportS that one woman had hot flushes 
during the last two cycles of treatment 
with GnRH-agonist, but" otherwise , no 
complications or s ide effects were 
observed . As soon as treatment ended , 
normal hormonal levels and ovulation 
returned, along with the PMS. 

J E W E 

Because one of the hormones which 
is inhibited is esrrogen, Yen feels the 
long-term use of GnRH-agoni51 at the 
dose used in this study is inadvisable. 
Problems such as osteoporosis, a loss or 
bone mass, are linked to low levels of 
esaogcn. Yen is currently conducting a 
long-term srudy to test whether a lower 
dose of GnRH-agonist is an effective 
treatment for !'MS. 

Some doctors have suggested that 
PMS is caused by a hormonal imbalance 
or a lack of 1M hormone progesterone . 
One treatment advocated today is the 
use of supplementary progesterone. 
Vitamin Bo is also a popular treatment. 

"The precise rationale for using either 
agem has not been substantiated: the 
UCSD researchers state in the NEJM 
article. Yen's own studies have shown 
no hormonal abnormalities in PMS 
patients. He also stresses that many 
women who exhibit PMS symptoms may 
have underlying social or psychological 
problems not related to PMS. He feels 
that careful screening of patients is 
essential to rule out other disorders 
before a diagnosis of PMS is made. 

Yen's work is supported by a grant 
from the National lnstirutes of Health. 
Co-authors of the NE)M art icle are 
Kenneth Muse , MD, and Nancy S Cerel , 
MD, formerly research fellows at UC5D, 
and clinical psychologist Lori A. 
Futterman , PhD. ~ 

L E R s 
The diamond people® . ,- •. , ~~ ,L ,,- •• 

La Jolla Villa"e Square 8657 Villa La Jolla Drive 455-9700 



10 Monday, Nov. 26. 198. 

... 

..;, 

..c 

.( 
~ 

..c 
.2., 
;> 
.., 

Q 

1 
... 

Best wishes to Ule 
Institute of the 

Americas and its 
goal of impro"ing 
relations between 
the United States 
and its southern 

neighbors. 

cenes 
From a Cultu I·e 

Close By • • • 

" ~ .!; 
..c 
.( ~ i:' ] 
~ 
$ 

~ 
.c 
... 



12 Monday, Nov. 26, 1984 

Kanadachrome 
By EDWARD ISREAL, Staff Writer 

I REMEMBER MY FIRST ROLL: 12 black and white improperly exposed, fuzzY, malcomposed photos. That 
indeed was an accomplishment I 
remember. 

In Toronto, at the age of nine, I 
bought my very own instamatic. I 
traveled a 1m and shot huge amounts of 
snap shots. It was at the age of 14 that I 
bought my Nikon. I was proud . It was 
shiny. That Nikon was my bIggest 
invesrment at the time . Possessing it, it 
possessed me; I would shoot anything. 

I hit puberty and exchanged the 
c.amera for a razor. I began to dare , 
leaving phorography for birthdays, trips 
and other special occasions. At 17, my 
girlfnend left me for another guy. I 
became heartbroken and went back to 
my first love, my ikon. At that POInt , 
obsession had set in. I would buy more 
equipment with each passing month. All 
of my earnings went ro"-'3rds film, to the 
extent that I would value more a roll of 
Kodachrome than a date. I became 
known as Ed WIth the camera I was 
angry at gIrls . 

Two years passed and by then I had 
become a freelancer. Amassed in the 
basement were thousands of dollars 
worth of Nikons, a studIO, flashes, a 
darkroom. 1 remember thinking one day 
of everything that I had accumulated , 
commg to the reahzation that ir gor 
there as a result of not dating for an 
interval. 

Longing to shoot news photography, I 
would read magazines and newspapers. 
Going to the library was a major event 
for me I would go intending only to 
look at phoros for three or four hours. 
Afterwards, I would take to the streets 
and go to shoot photos of my friends . 
1.aurel made great subject maller for 
shooting. She had straight hair and 
wore it like an inverted cereal bowl. Her 
thick glasses always created interesting 
reflections and with equal frequency, 
they would slip off her nose. I would 
photograph her on many different 
shooting sprees. It was Laurel who was 
to change my life. 

Laurel told me of a book being made; 
its subject, Canada. The world's top 100 
photOjournalists were to shoot for only 
24 hours, and from that, a book would 
be put together. The photographers were 
to meet at the Sheraton Hotel, organize 
their assignments, shoot, reogranize, 
then leave the country. In tOtal. ir would 
take less than five days. 1 could feel my 
adrenahn flowing. 

In rhe next five days, I had become 
superhuman: sleep was no longer vital 
LO me. I consumed tremendous 
quantities of food and alcohol and 1 
functioned as a Swiss watch; with 
exacting, calculared precision. 

The first stop I would make at the 
hotel was to see John Dumiak, photo 
editor of the New Yom Times . I 
approached him with firm 
determination. I thought he mighr tum 
me down. He tried. I perSisted . There 
were lots of other people around him. I 
showed him four phoros I had with me 
to impress him . 

Mr. Durniak, would you have a few 
minutes to look over my ponfolio? "I'm 
really very busy, I'm only here for a few 
days, you know. I'm very busy." Oh, it's 
not very big It'll only take a few 
minutes. I'll bring my own projector, 
they're aU slides. ·Well, OK. Look, 
tomorrow at nine in the morning, room 
four·one-six. If I'm nor there, wait." 
Super, that's fabulous , 9 am, room 416. 
Thank you very much. That's great, 
thanks. 

He 'had consented to a meeting. I felt 
grear, important: after all, he was going 
to see me. I remembered my girlfriend 
and was happy she had dumped me. 

The next day, I got up at five in the 
morning to organize. I packed carefully, 
making sure the spare projector bulb 
was in the box. five times I checked 
over everything as I didn't want to seem 
somehow stupid to him. I wasn't sure 
how to dress: if I was too elegant, I 
feared he mighr see me as some rich kid 
with a bunch of cameras and take a 
dIfferent attitude to my work. I wore 
jeans. 

John saw my work. He looked at 60 
slides, each for about two minutes, 
projected on a bedsheet. The walls were 
beige and thai would have thrown the 
colour balance off completely. 1 wasn't 
going to let that happen. I asked him 
which one of the twO beds he slept in 
and unceremoniously pulled the sheets 
off the one he didn't use and taped 
them to the wall . Nothing in the world 
could have interrupted us because I 
would not have allowed it to do so. 

John Durnl3k, photo editor of the 
New York Times, liked my work. He told 
me to go up to the ofTice and "make 
myself useful." 

The office was a hotel suite on the 
founh floor. The elevator was 
excruciatingly slow, I nearly exploded 
from frustration. The corridor was long; 
from the elevator to the suile seemed 
like miles of walking. The door to the 
suite was locked. When I enetered the 
room, I was .:onfronted with a mass of 
movement, voices, cigarette smoke and 
it was a mess. Boxes fuU of ofTicial-
looking papers littered the Hoor. 

On every desk were at least twO 
computer terminals . On tOp of each 

computer, a box of software. I could 
hear the continuous clicking of 
keyboards. The screens were full of 
neatly alligned columns of information 
displaying names, locations, agendas, 
news briefs and personal messages. 
They looked so professional, glowing 
green into faces . Disk drives whirred, 
printers swaUowed then ejected paper at 
high velocity. 

Beside the terminals were two 
telephones. A beige one that matched 
the wallpaper, sofa and rug. It had no 
dial , only a red light. And a black phone 
that looked older, worn like a newsroom 
telephone. If had a row of seven 
buttons, six of which were constantly lit 
and one that continuously blinked. The 
telephones were vital; on one afternoon, 
they linked offices from six different 
continents on the planet to that one 
hotel suite in Toronto. I remember 
seeing phoLOgraphers holding beepers to 
the receiver to activate message 
recorders from rheir homes in Tokyo, 
Paris and Buenos Aires. 

The firsr step had been taken, I was 
in on the book. In the hyperactive hotel 
suite, I met Pauline Johnson. She gave 
me several assignments. 

Pauline had a pleasant British accent. 
She was very easy to get along wilh. 
Pauline didn 't discourage me from 
participating on the project; on the 
contrary, she helped me. Pauline treated 
me with the same degree of seriousness 
a~ she did everyone else-that was very 
reassuring. After a day of organizing, the 
staff would go OUt for a couple of 
drinks . Pauline drank a lot and she had 
a great tolerance. She was a 
photographer and a writer for rhe 
ToronlO Star newspaper. 

Pauline's desk was under a big map 

of Canada. It was huge and highly 
detailed like those on school walls. 
Pinned on it were lots of red thumb 
tacks, about a hundred. Each tack 
represented one photographer. Some 
cities had six or seven tacks, but 
towards the north they were widely 
dispersed. 

finally the day arrived when the 
papparazi were to do their shooting. 
The actual shooting, for me, was 
anticlimactic to the periferals of the 
entire thing. Nevertheless, I shor 12 r ,lis 
in 16 hours. I was cenain I had 
represented myself well. I had to have. 

The next day, rhe photographers 
began to arrive from their assignments 
and were all debriefed. Pauline 
debriefed me. I remember I was rather 
nervous and she was recording my 
voice, but 1 relaxed and gave a detailed 
account of my shooting. 

The fanies began, outside on patios, 
in hote rooms and at restaurants. There 
were large cakes including one of those 
that one orders to seemingly feed entire 
populations. Photographers who had 
just recently used highly complex 
photographiC eqUipment used Polaroids 
at the panies. There was a cenain 
sadness at those panies, knowing that 
in a few days, everyone would be gone. 
I was the saddest. 

Those five days were the most 
fulfiUing and influential of my life. I 
wanted it to be the first day again, when 
John Durniak was reviewing my slides 
on a bedsheet. 1 wanted to do it all over 
again even if I had spent money like a 
madman and really let go to do what I 
wanted so badly. I only had one chance 
to show my face on the project. 

I stiD feel the same determination, the 
same exhilaration and confidence that I 
had then. I thank Laurel daily for telling 
me about II and I'm glad my girlfriend 
dumped me when I was 17. Ii:iJ 

.,.. ... \. ... ... , \ 

Monday, Nov. 26, 1984 13 
..-,.Ni .... J 

What will we write with this time? 
By PHIL lAlIDER 

"To write requires something to write 
with: once said an ancient philosopher 
who decided to remain anonymous, and 
justifiably so. 

When the human race progressed 
beyond rhe stone tablet, it made a 
quantum leap forward . Pens and pencils 
were born , and people around the globe 
were pleased that they didn't have to lug 
those heavy tablets in their pockets 
anymore. 

There are other writing utensils 
around these days, of course, but you 
don't see too many crayons or paint 
brushes around the old olTice. Pens and 
pencils are the old stand-bys. Some people 
prefer pencils, some pens, some don't 
really care and have ceased to read this 
article after rhe first line anyway. 

When it comes to pencils, most of us 
let the good 01' standard yellow #2's 
suffice. They're good enough for me. 1 
don't even need long ones; pencil stubs 
that others reject write qUite nicely for 
me (and fit into my pocket with little or 
no discomfort). But others among us get 
picky. Hell, these people need sharp 
number twos. Or, worse, they can't live 
without mechanical pencils. Lord, who 
invented the mechanical pencil? And 
why? I like the ones that make click 
sounds as you advance the lead-those 
are fun. But the ones that tum to 
advance the lead are rather troublesome, 
especially when the \ead is way the hell 
down there and you're not really sure 
which way to tum the shaft, so you tum 
it in one direction before you find that 
you can go no funher that way and you 
still don't have a lead, so you tum it all 
the way in the other direction and tun 

into that little metal thing that tells you 
there's no lead in the thing in the first 
place. Then you curse, and you go 
search for the little container with the 
leads, and you try to load one of those 
microscopic things into the pencil , and 
you're in for a hellacious time. 

But, proponents of these pencils 
claim, they never need to be sharpened. 
Kind of like Ginsu knives, I suppose. 
And you can get them in different 
thicknesses: a 0.1 for the home, a 0.2 
for the office, perhaps a 0.4 for takil'g 
notes in poli sci. ... What fun . I'll stick with 
the good 01' standard #2's, thank you. 

Pens are even more of a blast. First 
you have the Bic. Very simple, very 
practical, very easy to operare, with a 
see-through shaft so you can tell when 
you're running out of ink. Fine. 

But things quickly progress to a state 
of confusion. There are pens that write 
upside-down, for those times when 
you're living under zero-gravity 
conditions. There are pens that write in 
four colors (at the same time?), for those 
times when you're into being 
psychedelic. There are pens with ink 
that you can erase, an invention 1 
personaDy put up there with the light 
bulb and rhe cotton gin. Some pens 
"tum on" (advance the point) with a 
press of the thumb at the top, some 
with a twist of the shaft, some with a 
tap on that thing that nobody uses to 
attach the pen to breast pockets. It 
seems to be a contest among pen 
manufacturers to see who can make 
using a pen the most difficult and mosr 
frustrating for people in a hurry. 

I have yet to see a pen made by 

hecWo .. .,.. QIU "" _ 'll (rq. "8) 1'NcUIoII..- em ,., _ "0 (reg. $U) 
DlredlOIIIII PC"" US (rq. ,«)) ScM",..,. lUI,. ("." M) '18 (rq. WJ) 

~bN * htIfc_ 'U(TefI. U8) Ce"OfJIIMe '15 (rq. $1') 
OM ..., /tIdIIl _ ,a (rq. ~) 

OIte ,..", ---.e _ us (rq. "") 
5p«U1i5ts III bl«1t lui, 

.4 fUll JeI1Iice »1011 
7608 Line Mu Rd. (1'feM ColI. Dr. it ltiJ) """S 

,.. ..... (/omtetItJ U Jo/,. CutUng Co.) 7J71'url SL" Jo/,. 
U'-JJ70 ... 1815 

Spec"" good with MI with M«ted JIiIIIM.s thfOfjfll! 12/ J 0/84 

gojt~v~ 
~t~~~~~ INCLUDfS: , Contact lense5, examination, patient training, follow up, ~ chemical care kit 

~~~I/Jv,ith '15tud'4en~I.D. and fitting. 

TH~ CLASSICAL fV~ 
ROBERT HELLER, 0,0. 

La Jolla VI"age Square 
452-7374 

fashion Valley Center 
295-0537 

EXTfNDfD WfAR 
LfNSfSONLV $265,00 

LOUIS M. TARTAGLIA, 0.0. 
University Towne Centre 

457-4791 

Christian Dior, but I'm sure there are 
designer pens Out there, somewhere. 
They are probably made of solid gold 
and rum on with a thought or 
something like that. ThaI's disgusting. I 
like the pens that say • American Thrift 
and Loan" or ·Pacific Bell" or "Property 
of the US Government," or rhe ones 
made of plastic that are deSigned to 
diSintegrate upon use. Those are the 
kind I like. 

But the real difference between pens 
and pencils is that pens make a better 
playroy. You try dismanding a pencil 
when you're bored in the middle of 
lecture . Especially history lectures. It 
ain't easy. But pens, especially the kind 
you click on and off ... now there 's some 
real entertainment; unscrew the cap and 
you've gor a whole universe just waiting 
to be explored . First you encounter the 
ink shaft, which you rake OUI. And 
there's the spring. Take it off, stretch it 
out, put it back on the shafr. PUt Ir back 
in the lower part of the pen , and see 
how high you can get the ink shafr to 
spring into the air. After a few hours of 
that , you can move on to the upper pan 
of the pen, which is composed of a 
couple of plastic things and the metal 
gadget you press to tum the pen on and 
off. After playing with those awhile, you 
rry to put it all back together, and if you 
succeed you know you're a mechanical 
genius. After you've finished you can 
still have fun by clicking rhe pen on 
and off incessantly, driving those 
around you up the wall but getting you 
to the end of the lecrure period. 

There are certain laws of narure that 
go with both pens and pencils. The first 

is thm neither is available when you 
really need it. "When you really need it" 
usually means when someone is calling 
long distance from London and you 
have to take a message: "Uh, jusr a 
minute, 1 have to search. this room for 
something to write with." Well , good 
luck, budd}" And if you find something, 
it is either out of ink or has a broken 
lead . Either way, you're up a creek. And 
the guy on the line from London will 
send you the bill . 

So, I suppose you're wondering who 
walks away with aU the pens so that 
there are none around when you need 
them. Some feel that it is the 
Implements themselves that dl'cide they 
are nOt happy where they are and go 
away and hide. This is nOt the case . 
Indeed , It is time that I confessed . I 
never buy pens and penCIls; I Just walt 
until everyone leaves after lecture and 
search among the rows of seats for left-
behind writing implements, implements 
you all believe you still have when you 
get home. It's a damn gold mine out 
there, it really is . After I'm done there I 
poke a round offices. You people just 
leave your pens and pencils laying 
around, where any fool can and does 
walk away with them. And then you're 
all shocked when they're not there when 
you need rhem. I sneak into homes and 
telephone booths, too , so you're never 
safe. 

Now that I've confessed, I'll probably 
have a posse OUt for my head, with 
angry mobs demanding return of the 
myriad pens they've lost over the years . 
Look, I'm sorry, 1 don't have them 
anymore. I had to sell them to eal. ~ 

MORE THAN A COMICS STORE!!! 
• Fantasy & role-playing games 
• Fantasy miniatures 
• Japanese mOdels &' toys 

The Comic Gallery 
4224 Balboa Ave., Son Diego, CA 92117 

(corner of Balboa & Clalremont Dr,) 
- Next to Food Basket -

(619) 483·4853 
COPYrighl , 1984 Marvel ComIcs Group All "ghls r~served 
SPIDER·MAN ,. and ( 1 84 M.uve ComlC5 GfOUp 



'=". 

Ln~~~(=--,) ) 
o O(~( ==:J:~~( ~»)I OJ 

''What on Earth to Do? Some Proposals" 
Wednesday, Nov. 28 representatives from four local 

organizations (such as the Lawyers' Alliance for Nuclear Arms 
Control and No First Use) will discuss current projects and 
proposals concerning nuclear weapons issues. Seminar will 
?e in panel-discussion fonn and panicipation from audience 
IS welcomed and encouraged. The seminar will be held in the 
Revelle Informal lounge, 6:30 to 7 :30 pm. This seminar is the 
last in the Nuclear Weapons and Society seminar serries 
sponsored by Student Pugwash at UCSD. For funher 
information concerning the seminar series or future Student 
Pugwash activities, contact Caroly Shumway (272-2550) or 
Aspen Aman (272-8815). 

Experience a CalPIRG internship 
CalPIRG is offering internships for those who want to get 

involved and work on consumer, environmental, and good 
government issues. Develop research, leadership, advocacy, 
media, public speaking, and outreach skills, while earning 
academic credit. Internships are offered through the 
Academic Internship Program (AlP), 405 Warren Adm. For 
more information, come to the CalPIRG office in room 208, 
2nd floor of Student Center or call 452-4873. 

Women's Lacrosse 
Practice today (Monday) at 4 pm 

Revelle Field - South Side 

Help with the 1985 Semi-Fonnal 
Interested in helping us coordinate THE event of the year? 

We need motivated, creative individuals to help us with 
decorations , choOSing a band, publicity and a myriad of 
other tasks. For more info, call Marianee at 452-4689 or 450-
9635 (eves). 

Operation: Compassion 
This week UCSD is looking to raise $5000 for famine relief 

in Africa via the American Red Cross. See details on Revelle 
Plaza and in the Cafeterias for an all-campus fast this 
Thursday, Nov. 29. 

RISC'y Business 
Skiers going on the 1984 Winter All-Cal Festival to Vail 

must attend a mandatory meeting Wednesday, Nov. 28 at 8 
pm in the Rec. Conference room. On Saturday, Dec. 8 we are 
having a party to prepare everyone for the heavy panying that 
will occur. Free for members, $3 for non-members. 

Get health promotion experience 
Become a Studem Health Advocate, and share your health 

knowledge with a friend . Attend an orientation meeting on 
Wednesday, ov. 28 at 3 pm in the Student Health Service 
Second Floor Tr ...... ning Room. Ca11452-2l80 or 452-2419. 

Need to relax before finals? 
One hour crash course in medltation Techmques for 

concentration , inner peace, and other top cs will be 
presented Tuesday at 3 pm in USB 4020 orJoln u for an hour 
of silent meditation Wednesday at 12 pm in PL ll17 . 

ASUCSD 
Sun God Festival '85 

Hey Student OIgs. It's that time again! Prepare 
yourselves with tentative booth ideas, 
committees, and representatives for the 
greatest fund raiser of the year. Our 
preliminary organizational meeting is 
scheduled second week, Winter quarter, time 
and place T.B.A. Plan ahead!!! 

Infonnation on the All-Cal 
It is still possible to go on the All-Cal! We (RISC) have an 

extra bus (#5) available with hotel accomodations. (No 
Condos). $279 plus RISC membership. Buy tickets at the 
Canyonview Rec. Offices (Ski Club Office). M-W, 10-2 pm. 
Spaces are limited, so buy now! Wednesday, Nov. 21 is the 
last and final day. Don't miss it. 

Come to the Lecture Notes Service 
Need bucks? Come to the lecture Notes Service and apply 

for a notetaker position! If you still need a subscription, come 
quickly to the LNS office. There are a few left, but they're going 
fast. Our hours for finals week are Monday 10-3 , Tu, W, Th, Fr 
11-12, 2-3 pm. We are open during the breaks between 
finals. Thanks to all our happy subscribers. 

It's Pizza Rama time again 
The Catholic Studem Coordinators present the one, the 

only, the world famous PlZZA RAMA - BURN OUT 
,CENTER. Wednesday of finals week. Dec. 5 from 6-9 pm. 
Only $2.00 for all the homemade pizza you can eat. In the 
Catholic lounge of the University Lutheran Church. (Across 
the street from the Revelle Tennis Courts.) 

Think of it 
Ellen ... 10% 

off at 
Assorted Vinyl 

Hurry, time is running out! 
Just four days left for your chance to win a $200.00 Gift 

Cenificate from U.c. Bookstore Pick up your ticket at the Box 
Office through Nov. 29, only $l. Drawing to be held at noon, 
Nov. 30 at Revelle Plaza. Sponsored by Campus Legal 
Advocate Society (ClAS). 

David Bowie in 
Merry Christmas, 

Mr. Lawrence 
Friday, Nov. 30 at 7 pm 

TLH 107 FREE 

Monday. Nov. 26. 198'1 15 

A Call for Papers! 
Undergraduates have the opportunity to submit their 
research papers to the UCSD Journal oj Undergraduate 
Research. UCSD is one of the few campuses in the nation 
which publishes such a prestigious journal proViding a forum 
for undergraduate research. The Journal has just begun 
production and still needs papers from all fields of study, 
especially from the sciences, pyschology, computer science 
and communications. Pick up guidelines at the 
Undergraduate Studem Grants office located on the 2nd floor 
of the student center. DEADLINE: December 12, 1984. Tum 
in your research papers at the Undergraduate Student Grants 
mailbox located in the Associated Students office. For info 
call 452-3917. 

U$ Grants will be conducting a grantwriting workshop for 
those interested in appyling for a grant during Winter 
quarter. Thursday, Nov. 29 at 5:30 pm in Student Center 
Conference Room. 

The College Bowl is 
Coming in January! 

College teams &;[ renegade teams are being established. 
For more information contact the Student Activities 
Office, UniverSity Events or your college dean. 

ASIO has something for everyone 
Mark your calendars! If you're interested in doing an 

internship for Spring Quarter, don't miss our Internship Info 
Nite on Tuesday,jan. 15,1985 at 7 pm in North Conference 
Room. Also, WE NEED VOLUNTEERS! Learn valuable 
communication skills and othe business "know how," make 
profeSSional contacts, and improve your resume references! 
Staff Orientation Night will be Thursday.Jan. lO at 7 pm also 
in the North Conference Room. For more information, stop 
by our office in the Student Center or give us a call at 452-
4689 this week. 

Aeronautics and Astronautics are for you 
The American Ins titute of Aeronautics and 

Astronautics offer a welcoming meeting for all prospective 
members. Guest speaker is Gary Fitzpatrick on "Space 
Thermienic Nuclear Power." Monday, Nov. 19 from 6-7 pm in 
Urey Hall 2102. Come and find out what AlAA is about. 
Refreshments, refreshments, and more refreshments! 

Help yourself 
The Food Co-op can help you study right and eat right. Give 
your body the nutrition it needs. fruits &: vegetables, protein 
pickup drinks, tofu salads and sandwiches, nuts and grains. 
Monday-Friday, 8:45-4 pm and Sat 11-2. 

Society of Women Engineers meeting 
November 29, 1984 from 5:30 to 8 pm in 2lO2 Urey Hall. 

This will be the final meeting for the fall quarter. All members 
are encouraged to attend. We will be di cussing events for 
next year and there will also be a movie. Refreshment will be 
served. 



, . 

16 Monday, Noy, 26, 1984 

' . ' .. , 

. ' " 

.. ' 

. . . 

'", .' . ': '.' : . 

. . 

.. ' , .. 

.. . .'. 
.. :. . ' . 

. " . 

Women's hoop starts off on wrongfoot 

' . 

. :. ' .. . 
, ... ' . . 

. .. . 
. ' . 

, -', ,'!' . . '.. . ' . . 

UCSD's women lack all the right moves 
By ALICIA AGOS, Staff Wtittr 

I T WAS DEFINITELY a shaky stan for the UCSD women's basketball team. In the home opener against 
crosstown rival Point Loma azarene 

last Tuesday night, the Tritons were , in 
the process of losing 71-65, involved in 
what coach Judy Malone thought was "a 
tight but tentative game for us. In the 
first half of the game we were scared of 
theIr press. We threw a lot away. That 
tentativeness will work itself OUt, though , 
with a little more play." 

Turnovers were a big factor in UCSO's 
loss to the Crusaders. Although the 
official turnover tally hit 23, both the 
count and the effect of these rurnovers 
seemed to be much higher. 

Sue Semrau, a senior guard who 
turned in one of the strongest 
perfonnances of last Tuesday's 
confrontation , feels that the team's 

shakiness and indecisiveness were due 
largely to Inexperience. "We weren't 
really ready for them IPoint Loma] . Our 
team is young, and we're still getting to 
know each other. Point Loma put a lot 
of pressure on us early and forced us to 
make mistakes." 

Besides the numerous turnovers, 
UCSD allowed Point Lorna to journey (0 
the free throw line a grand total of 31 
times , thereby handing the Crusaders 23 
easy points. Julie Krause, who along 
with point guard Sandy Keaton fouled 
out of the game, said , "It was a bad 
night for us. All of our turnovers were 
pretty much due to our youth . We're still 
not used to each other's moves." 

UCSO's inexperience was very 
evident against Point Lorna. Although 
the Tritons were never fully OUt of the 

--

Sue Semrau needs more than tongue strength to get thiS shot to the bashet. Semrau was 
fouled on the play In the season opener againsl POlnl Loma Nazarene. 

UCSD loses to Stanford in Palo Alto 
The UCSO men's basketball team suffered liS first se tback of the 1984-85 season 

with an 87 -48 loss to tanford S,lturday nrght In Palo Alto . The loss drop~ the 1 fIIon, ' 
reco rd to 2- 1 this season. The conte!>t was the season opener fo r Stanfo rd . 

Senior guard Brandon NIxon led UCSD with 12 POintS. Whlll' MMk Barrcc.I . Mike 
Dabasln skas and Rand} Bennett ciKh cOlllnnuled right pO In !,; ophomore 
Greg Kamansky added SIX pOintS for the 1 mo ns. hve playe rs scored In double ligures 
for the Cardinal. who Jumped out 10 a 42-26 h,lIfume lead . .lI1U never looked hJck 

game, they never held even a slim lead, 
and the point spread be [Ween the [WO 
teams hovered near five baskets 
throughout the event. But, as assistant 
coach Don Felder puts it, "The things 
that hun us are correctable. We need to 
work on, among other things , dribbling 
under pressure . We have a lot of good 
athletes to work with. We're not cashing 
in the chips by any means. I think that 
the Thanksgiving vacation will allow 
some of the girls to nurse some of their 
colds and injuries." 

Malone is hoping that the progression 
of the season will see a simultaneous 
progression in maturity on the pan of 
some of her players. "We only lost to 
Point Lama by six points, but 
considering the number of our 
turnovers , we could have lost by 30. 
With a Iitde more play, though. we'll 
learn as a team. Both our point gaurds 

are playing their first year here . They're 
finding that there is a big difference 
~etween the caliber of high school and 
college ball. Leslie Shennan and Sandy 
Keaton have a lot of learning to do, and 
our game depends on how fast they 
learn ," said Malone. 

In terms of the Tritons' game , the 
problem last Tuesday night might have 
been the fact that Point Lorna played a 
much stronger game than expected . 
Malone commented, somewhat 
surprisedly, "When we scouted them, 
they couldn't hit the broad side of a 
bam. They also couldn't hit half their 
free throws. Against us, they were 
shooting a lot "bener. But, we're a big 
crosstown rival for them, and we're me 
tcam they really get set for." 

The next home game for UCSD will 
be Tuesday, Dec. 8 at 7:30 pm. All home 
games will be in the Triton Pavilion. '" 

~ 
-< 
" 
"" ~ 
.£. 
!l ] 
------------------------------------------------------------~~ St'l1Ior jo",,,,,d Ju lie "muse dldn 'l leave the Tntuns up tn the air for point s, as she pitched 
III 15 dlln ng llie 1051 Tuesday I1Ighl. 

Monday, Nov. 26, 198.. 17 

S pOrts thanks to ... . .. a Wynner 
By FRANCIS HUTCHINSON 

UNBELIEVABLE! Just when I was gearing up for weekend picnics in the park, long lazy drives on 
back country roads, the "couch grouch" 
JUSt pronounced from his usual prone 
position that all social activities must be 
put on hold for another couple of 
months-"Can't be: I say, unable to 
comprehend what I am hearing (above 
the roar of the crowd as the Unionvine 
Snails score their 60th point of the 
afternoon). I mean , really-we have 
already watched at least 30 million 
quaners of men (?) chasing each other 
up and down this long field with this 
litde ball either in the air. in somebody's 
hand or rolling around on the ground 
being crushed to death as they all fall 
on top of it- poor thing! 

But wait, the "couch grouch" is 
acrually saying we not only have just 
yelled, screamed and swore through 30 
million quaners, we have another 30 
million to go-all the way to 1985. I 
mean, really-Cotton Bowl, Sugar Bowl, 

SOup Bowl, Pudding Bowl-day after 
day of football , football, football . 

And JUSt as 1 was flipping through the 
pages of the Daily News to find the 
Society section a nd Foods, I think I saw 
out of the comer of my eye in the 
Spons section, a picture of a tall guy 
jumping up in the air trying to put a 
round ball through a hoop-type basket. 
Does this mean 30 million quaners of 
basketbaD is on the "couch grouch's" 
schedule? Then 30 million quaners of 
baseball, and then there goes my picnics 
in the park and long lazy drives for 
1985. 

There must be a solution to this 
household problem faced by thousands 
of "couch grouch" spouses out there in 
Sponsland across America. 

How about some helpful hints? Maybe 
a Lure-the-Bear-from-his-Lair contest 
with the winner receiving a brand new, 
kingsizc, superduper hide-a-bed 
"couch." ~ 

By RICHARD BOSTIC 

B EUEVE IT! One hundred and nine college basketball games to be telecast on ESPN this year. Fast 
breaks, give-and-gos, swats, fouls, dunks. 
all in living color. 

Whatever genius designed this 
country's spons calendar deserves to be 
President Well , maybe he deserves 
better. 

I'm assuming it's a "he" that gave us 
this wonderful world of spons because 
no female in her right mind would ever 
do such a thing. A woman could not 
have given us football every weekend for 
six months and then a smooth 
transition into basketball once the 
gridiron season nears its conclusion. 

Who could this fellow have been? It 
couldn't have been Mr. Network because 
even though television makes mega-
zillions of dollars on spons. the 
schedule was designed before the 
advent of lV. Mr. Airwaves, perhaps? 
No, not enough influence or profit to be 
made. 

YOU CAN. •• 
salivate a salad, chomp a cheese, 

tickle a truffle, meet a new friend, 
or scream for gourmet ice cream 

BUT ••• 

Come In with this ad tor: 

FREE 
ICE 

CREAM! 
BUY ONE CONE, GET ONE FREE! 0MIr..,... Dec." ... 

SPIRITS of S1. GERMAIN 
THE CONVENIENCE STORE 

WR'H THE GOURMET FLAVOR 
3521 HOUDAY CT. LA JOU.A, ACROSS FROM EL TORITO 

411·1414 

Last week, in between Thanksgiving 
Day pro football and the Boston College 
Alcoa fantastic finish , I put my research 
skills to work and uncovered this 
brilliant spons pioneer. His name was 
Wynn Ball. HIS friends called him 
Wynner. 

Wynner was born a pauper. His 
father was a blacksmith and his mother 
a schoolmarm. Wynner never had many 
possessions. In fact, all he owned . 
besides a very large, happy grin and the 
clothes on his back, was a bag of 
marbles. And Wynner loved his marbles. 

One day when Wynner was strolling 
down a path whisding a merry tune and 
bobbing up and down with his bag of 
marbles dangling from his back pocket, 
a fat bully jumped out of a bush and 
tackled him. "What do you have in your 
back pocket? " asked the bully. "Why. 
j ust my bag of magic marbles ," said 
Wynner. "What are these marbles and 
what makes them so magic? " demanded 
the bully "Oh, allow me to show you," 
replied Wynner. Wynner opened up his 
bag of marbles, took one out and threw 
it at the bully and hit him right if) the 
eye. "Bullseye l " shouted Wynner as the 
bully ran away crying. 

"Gee ," thought Wynner. "If that had 
been a sharp object. it really would have 
gotten that mean guy good: 

So Wynner went home and worked 
on it. A few weeks later, he had 
constructed these long, thin objects 
which could be tossed around and 
would stick anywhere. Wynner invented 
a game and called it bullseye. It would 
later be known as dans. Wynner got so 
good at throwing these objects that he 
challenged anyone to throw them more 
accurately than he could. No one could 
match Wynner's skill. Wynner found 
that he loved these challenges. He loved 
the competition. 

Wynner was unbeatable. And it was 
very frustrating to everyone. One time. 
after Wynner had easily out-tossed a 
group of fellows , they became so 
enraged that they took his bullseye 
pieces away. He tried to get them back 
but they beat him up. and took all of his 
clothes and his marbles too. Now all 
Wynner had was his very large, happy 
grin. And he wanted more. He wanted 
to be clothed and carry marbles around 
again. 

So Wynner learned how to fight. He 
taught himself how to bob and weave, 
jab and counter-punch. 

A few months later, Wynner sought 
out those men who stole his clothes and 
marbles. After days of searching, he 
spied them in a tavern, drinking their 
favorite brew. But the bouncer wouldn't 
let Wynner in without clothes on so he 
had to spend his last quarter on a pair 
of shons and a shin. Now Wynner was 
ready. He entered the tavern and 
challenged each and every one of them 
to a fight. He then proceeded to beat up 
each one of them. Wynner Ball had 
invented boxing. 

Wynner loved competition and at this 
point there was no turning back. He 
went on to invent some of the world's 
more popular games such as ping pong, 
poker and quarters. 

And it has stayed in the family. 
Wynner's great-grandson invented 
Donkey Kong. 

AD of the spons-minded men in 
America owe Wynner BaD something, 
maybe their favorite autographed baD, 
their biggest trophy, or maybe theIr 
medlcafliiU from all me tension caused 
by athletics throughout their lives. But 
they owe him something. Please show 
Wynner your appreCiation. Send 
anything you think you owe him to the 
Guardian, c/o Mr. Wynn Ball, 8-016, La 
Jolla, CA 92093. WelI add it to the 
Wynner Memorial Fund. Thank 
you. ~ 

«' 



18 Monday. Nov 26. 1984 

LA JOLLA MUSEUM OF CONTEMPORARY ART 

JOHN On;sKEEFE 
Award-winning playwright 

.. . .. wild. vivid-yet-ephemeral , did-I-just-
see-what- I-thought-l-saw-energy . . ... 

- Village Voice 

SATURDAY, D!C!MHR 1 •• PM 
Admission : $5.00 LJMOCA members, students. seniors, 

$7.00 general 
LA JOLLA MUSEUM OF CONTEMPORARY ART 

700 Prospect SI. , La Jolla Information (619) 454-3541 
Tickets also available at the S,D.S,U, Aztec Center and 

U.C.S,D, Student Center box offices. 
Thi s program Is part of l _ PERFORMANCE PAIMNIETERS 

----' 

. .. 

Monday, Nov, 26, 198" 19 

=== SpOrts Slab 
Tutlday. November 27 

Men's basketball vs. US Intemational University, at home, 8 pm, 
friday. November 30 

Men's basketball vs. St. Mary's College, at Moraga, 7:30 pm. 
friday-Seturday. November lO-Decemhrr 1 

Women's volleyball, NCAA Division m Regional Championship, TBA 
DECEMBER 
s.auday. Dec:aabu 1 

Men's and women's swimming at UC Irvine, 11 am, 
friday-Seturday, December 7-8 

Women's volleybal, NCAA Division m National Championship, TDA. 
5anIay. December 8 

Women's baslcetbal YS Pomona Pitzer College, at home, 7:30 pm. 
Tuaday. Deccmher 11 

Men's baslcetbaB VI. CSU San Bernardino, at home, 7:30 pm. 
Women's baskctbal at University of La Verne, 7:30 pm. 

Friday. Dow:mber 1 .. 
Women's basketbal YS. Mils College, at Oakland, 7:30 pm. 

John Labatt took over a brewery in 1827 and began to make Canadian beer his 
way. It was the beginning of Canada's Beer. 

Discover Canada's best 
kept secret. The perfectly 
balanced taste between 
robust European lagers 
and lighter American 
beers. 

taste ... lesS 
heavy than the 

Senuday, December l' 
Men's basketball vs. Pomona Pitzer College, at Claremont, 8 pm. 
Women's basketbaU at CSU Hayward, 7 pm. 

Monday. December 17 
Men's basketbaD vs. Humboldt State University, at Arcata, 8 pm. 

Monday-Tuesday, December 17·18 
Women's basketball. CSU Stanislaus Arrowhead Tournament, at Stanislaus, 
TRA. 

Tuaday. December 18 
Men's and women's swimming vs. UC Davis, at home, 10 am. 

Tuaday-Wednaday, December 18-19 
Men's basketball, Oregon Tech Annual Herald Invitational, at Klamath Falls, 
IDA. 

Friday, December 21 
Men's basketball vs, Stanislaus State College, at home, 8 pm. 

s.uaday. December 29 
Men's basketball vs. Colorado College, at home, 8 pm. 
Women's basketbal at UC Riverside, 7:30 pm. 

Please Recycle 
This Paper. 

Europeans, with more character than the 
Americans. And more purely drinkable 

than either. Labatt's. The taste that 
has won over 100 
gold medals in " 
international .' 
competitions. The 
fresh, crisp taste ' , 
of the number 
one beer in all of 
Canada. Labatt's. 
Canada's BeeT. The perfect beer is here. 

~ , 

CANArnS 

If 

• 

.., 

.' 

• 



. ' 

20 Monday. Nov, 26. 1984 

Claalfled .twrttslng splICe Is sold In 
lOO-ch.r.cter Increments. E.ch 
letter, pwKIUIItIon INIrtc .nd sp«e 
between words Is considered • 
ch.r.cter, with alplUlI letters 
counttng .s two cNracters. The rate 
Is 51 per 100 m-racters ffK studenIs 
.nd 53 per 100 m-racters for non-
S1Udena. You must come by the office 
or INIII In your ltd, as we require 

~ In adwtnce of publlCMlon. 
Dadllnes .re 5 pm Tuesct.y ffK 
ThursUy's ".per, 5 pm FrIUy ffK 
Mond.y's p.per. For more 
InforrNItlon alII 452-3466. The 
Glardlan, UCSO, 8-016, ... Jolla, CA 
92093. 

__ i 
Insurance Warl We'll beat any price or I 
we don't w ant yuur business, Tickets, 
accidents, sports cars, good 
driver/student discounts: all welcome, 
Call 286-1135. Request UCSO Plan. 
(11/29/ 
VioIin7 Viola7 Prep for "32" or just for 
fun. Grol4' rates, sliding scale. Helen 
Martin, 457~7J. (11/26) 
Reliable Wheels car rental from S5. Low 
mileage rates available. Free delivery. 
459-4936. (11/29/ 
A nyone interested In heading an 
orthodox (Chnstian) organization 
cnntact Maria at 457-3860. (11/29/ 
Let's party. Send Just S4.95 for the 
"Uroffidal College Guide to Party 
Games" to: Sitges Publications, P,O. Box 
571052, Houston, TX 77257-1052. 
(11/29/ 
Get some respectl Win a reserved 
parking space. Tix 6 for S5 or I for SI in 
front of the Cashiers. (11/26/ 
Skiers attending the Winter All-Cal must 
go to the mandatory meeting on Wed. 
Nov. 28 at 8:00 pm in the rec confroom. 
M eet others and sign up for bus lists . 
Come get in the right frame of mind. 
(11/26) 
Ladies O nly. Come to the second annual 
Chip'n'Oales night. Professional male 
dancers. November 30. Complimentary 
refreshme1ts, Get yuur tickets on the 
Plaza this week. Sponsored by 11<E. 
(11/29) 
A reseNed parking space at UCS07 Only 
if }UU enter the Third College parking 
raffte. Tickets on sale now for all 
students, faculty, and staff. Tickets I for 
SI or 6 for S5, (11/26) 

i.SiM@alll 
Top Drawer Secretarial Word 
Processing . Reports, resumes, 
manuscripts. Student ra~. Diane 481-
4160. (11/29/ 
Expert T)ping. Word processing & tape 
transcription, Spefllng~. ~,45~ 
5818. ~ Jolla, (11/29/ 

Will do all }Uur t}'Ping-UCSD grad with 
8 years prof. exper. You canull anytime. 
Nadine 57&0496. (/1/29/ 
HAVING A PARTY1 Let me supply 
recorded music for dandng or any other 
mood. Either rMt "!f cassettes or I will 
~ 10 your desire. call ~ 295-
4885. (11/29) 
Burke Secretarial-Quality typingl 
Spelling cnrrect-rush jobs specialty/ 
~xib/e hrs, La Jolla 457-3842. (11/29) 

Typing,l\Xlord Processing-For all }UUr 
typing needs call Barbara at 454-7624, 
Rush jobs accepted. (11/29) 
Prof, Word Processing/typing 
dissertations, theses, papers, resumes. 
South Bay. LDrraine 421-9426. (11/29) 
Cars for rent SIS a day. 585 a ~. 
Unlimited free mileage, Del Mar. 755-
3201. (11/29/ 
Action Pro T)ping SeMce-Quality 
\NOrk at fantastic rates. Can do rush. For 
the best. Patrida 282-6126. (11/29/ 
Word processing/writing , New 
business sale, 15% off first job. 
Reasonable rates for letters, resumes, 
theses , copyedi t ing , etc. Pick-
up/ delivery from University City. Words 
& Music Unlimited, 458-9038. (11/26) 
Professional typing, IBM memory. 
Cassette tapes, regular & micro-So. 
Clairemont. Doris 278-8736. (11/26) 

ttJfiHt61111111 
Tutoring for upper-division EECS 
CDurses, Paynegotia~. Ron. 566-3917. 
(1I/29) 
WCW1ted: Housing/studio apt. for }UUng 
professional woman. CCW1 pay S300, 
References. Call 459-6899. (11/29/ 

Master bedroom for rent. Can be shared. 
3/4 mile from school. Call Rich or J.K. at 
457-1353. Dec, 1st. (l1/29} 
For }Uung professional woman-studio 
apt. or simlar. Can pay S300. Please call 
459-6899 and leave message. (11/29/ 
New condo for rent close to UCSO. U 
Colony. Furnished 3-bdrm loaded with 
extras. Call 450-3265. (11/26) 
5 br 4 bath Torrey Pines home. 
S2100/mo. Unfurn., nwIy ~ HD 
wood floors. Can Jeff 454-6158. 29ir 
6893. (11/26/ 
Sgl. room for rent on Coast 8Mj.. Del 
Mar. Fumished and avail. 2nd 'Neek in 
Dec. S235/mo. 1/5 util. 481-3397, 
(11/29) 

Roonvna~(s/ wan~. Share or ocrupy 
OWl room. S175orS350permonth.1734 
Coast 81vd., Del Mar. 481-2512. (11/261 
Wanted: Housing for professional 
woman. Can pay S300. R~e1Ces. Call 
459-6899. (11/29) 

Roomma~ wCW1ted to share 2 bedrm apt 
in u.c. 1/2 util., S279/mo. 5 min. bike to 
UCSO. Call 8randyn 450-2190. (11/29/ 

Found-Metronome in Mandeville 
pratice room. Please call and identify. 
453-6354. (11/26/ 
Last. rpy and bAadc racHty/e jacket 
with ~ name Ronan it Very important 
Please ca" 453-3548. 111/261 

Computer printer, Brother HR-15, letter 
quaHty, S300. 458-1399. (11/26/ 
Flaming Red 7' single fin full Astrodeck 
Sunset Custom. Ideal for big WiNeS. 
Clean I S200 firm. 457-1390. (11/26/ 

, . 

R/C ~uipment Kraft Sch transmittrr, 2 
airplanes, boat. Call G/em 458-9267. 
(11/26) 

Seat parking hasslesl 1983 Honda 
Express scooter. Exc~/ent condition only 
415 mi, 5400. Calf 942-8260. (11/29/ 
71 V.W. Bug. 5000 mi. on mit eng.-no 
surprises, runs strong. New dutch, 
starter. brakes, shades. nres and body in 
good cOl'ldition. S2000 or best 692-
0385. (11/29/ 
74 Ford Pinto-Runs but needs work. 
S6OO/0b0. lNYe message (450-3079/. 
(11/26/ 
TRS 80 computer, printer. word 
processing program, recorder: 5300. 
Must sell. 271-8201. (11/26) 
O 'NeiD '-Yetsuit Very warm animal skin. 
Full suit. ~ S 10 M. Great mndItion. In 
time for winter. WIll accept SS5 or best 
o~r. Marc 452~39S. call ~. (11/261 
Gibson Les Paul, Jr .• great guitar; wtth 
Fender amplifier. If lmeres~ cal Ed at 
450-1475. (JI/26/ 
Nordica Hurricane boots, top rec boot 
for '83. size 11-1/2 10 12-1/2. Great 
condition. sao or best MIke 259-0704. 
(11/26/ 
LAX equipt. -stx laserlite, gloves, 
helrrut (blue/ and bill. All new. 
Evetything for Sloo. Mike. 259-0704. 
(11/29) 
48k Acari comp., diskdrive , 
Pascal/C/Logo/Forth/Usp, \NOrdpro, 
communcations. games plus. 483-4942. 
(II/26} 

S4cm Miyata 912 21 Ibs w/exceflent light 
wheefs, 13-21 duster, new derailleurs. 
pedals, cables. Good. functional radng 
bike, never crashed. S275 firm. Kris~, 
488-5505 evenings. (11/26/ 

ICSOT Is sick of their IogoI Design a new 
one and wtn big prizesl SubmIt entries by 
Jan. nat KSOn 111/261 
Mandatory mmtng for skiers going to 
Vatl wtth ~ AlKal, Wed. Nov. 28 at 
8:00 pm in ~ rec conf rm. Sus sign ups 
and more infol (11/26/ 
SIders. Sat Dec. 8, RISe Is ItVowtng an 
Attitude Adjustment Party in 
preparation for the ~I MusIc. open 
bars. & UI. Start the vac:atD'I off rightI 
Come JC*1 usI '11/291 
To ~ ftMJrtCe man In Emn, Rlk 
Hartman. • low )OW' legS' '11/26) 
~ /'UJt7f Pat Mahin, long dstance 

are heft, but absence makes 
IcNe grow. XXOO Poopkjns. (11/261 
2BT Pledge Class. The pII1¥was hotl You 
guys are greatI we're happy to have ~ 
as a part of us. ThInks, ~ guys. (11/26/ 
Mitch. HIppy ThanksgMng. Next one's 
ninel I miss }UU. Some daysoon. (11/26j 
To the Gummy Bear \NOIT1en: Gummy 
Sear sends his IcNe from Alaska. WIShes 
}UU were there. (11/26) 

Just when you thought we were just 
a bunch of mild-mannered reporters ... 

If you think you've got potential, and you'd like to fight 
for Truth,Justice and the American Way, boy have we got 
a job for you! 

WRITE NEWS 
FOR 

THE GUARDIAN 
Drop by the Guardian ot6ces (southall. of Rnellc) or caU at 

"52-3"68 and ask for Phil for more information. 


