
.~, . 

What the kids could teach the adults 
-UCSD links the children of two nations. See story, page 7. 



2 Thursday. Sep/. 27. 1984 

A Muir CoUege student was killed 
and (WO passengers. both from Revelle . 
were injured when their car flipped on 
Ihe o ld highway to Ensenada. Mexican 
police said. Scon A. Loomis, 21 , of La 
Canada died when the car he was 
dnvi ng went out of control on a curve 
and p lunged down a 4{l-foor 
emba nkment Sunday night. 

leve Losly sullered deep cuts and a 
broken leg in the accident , while 
Richard A Bertelson escaped with 
scra r ' hes and bruises. 

Polic e said that Loomis was 
appa re ntly d rivi ng roo fa st when Ihe 
a cide nt occurred about te n miles south 
of TIJuana. 

o 
In his State of the University Add ress 

to the UCSD staff Tuesday. Chancellor 
RIcha rd Atkinson discussed the 
poss ib ility of opening a fifth college , 
bUI ld ing a new hospital and a freewa y 
ramp directly to campus. a nd the fate o f 
th~ much -deba ted UCSD Law chool. 

Au<mson was e nthusiasti c about hi s 
lour 'ears as chan cellor and Ihe gains 
UCSD has made. d espite the economic 
reteSSlon. In those four years, the 
budget has increased by 50%. the 
number of faculty positions has 
Increased by 29%, and en rollment has 
nsen by a third to more than 14.000. 

With an ever-grOwing enrollment and 
the second highest student retenllon 
rate In the UC system, administrators 
are no w considering the development of 
a new coUege. Atkinson said . Warren 
College was the last school to open , in 
1974. 

The issue of a new college will be 
decided by December, Atkinson said. 
Because of the increasing number of 
qualified sludents being turned away, 
building a new college is "not a bad 
idea If the funds are there," he said . 

Atkinson also said he would like to 
see a new University hospital built near 
campus. but noted that money for the 
projec t might no t be available . 

Because of the Increasing traffic, due 
b th to the increase in student 
enrollment and th e new construction 
adjOining the UniverSity, a freeway eXit 
IS planned that Will fu nnel s tudents 
dlre,t1y from 1-5 to the cam p us. 
Although students and fac ulry are only 
part of the La Jolla traffic problem, 
-Everyo ne looks to us as though we a re 
the "nes to resolve the problem: 
Atkmson said . 

Atkl nson was less than optimistic 

The UCSD Guadial is published 
Mondays ond Thursdays from 
September rlYexq. June, exdudeng 
exominolion and holiday penoc:a. The 
Guardian is published of rheSlUdenrs, by 
the srudenIs. and for the srudenI5 of me 
lXllveMy of California. Son Diego. 
Views lDCpresed do not represenr me 
opinkn of ~ Regenrs of me lkllversiTy 
r:A California 01' ~ Asoclored 5rvdenrs 
r:A UCSO. -

ReprcQlC1ion or orher use of 0I"f>/ 
ponion dINs ~ wIIhouf prior 
CX)I'" If is JII1aIy faIbiddet I Cl1d could 
alit ')I'QU dIcIty, IOc:Ion'rdo If. -1964. aU 
IIghIs NIIMd_ 

1tw GIadIan ',JIIa:lI, IeS lUbmislions 
01 rncrusaIpIs and anwork, bur 

c.unwno~bthetrren.m. Qw __ .. IoaaMd on !he UC50 
caqu. .. rea- 01 IWveI. eou.o. . 
..... a..llopen9-12ond 1-5 
. I.e *"" ~o. en QYQIIobIe 
~ . ~ mall far '~5 per ~ quorfef. 
' ··; f ·,· _ _ - _ ·, - . 

about the future of the law school that 
has been in the works for two years. 
Critics charge that there are already too 
many lawyers and that Cahfornia 
doesn't need another law school , while 
others insist that there is still a demand 
for Universiry of California law 
graduates. Several administrators are 
reviewing the plan, which will eventually 
be considered by the UC Regents. 

"I can say there's not a lot of 
enthUSiasm in the State of California on 
the issue ," Atkinson said. 

Atkinson noted that, in some 
instances, University facilities are not 
keeping pace with the growth of the 
school. Citing classes and faculty offices 
that are kept in portable trallers, a lack 
of state-funded construction since 1977, 
and libraries packed with people, 
Atkinson said , 'The whole situation in 
tenns of facilities is something of a 
disaster mode." 

onetheless, Atkinson said he was 
genera lly ·delighted" with the Universtry, 
and had no plans to change tt. 

o 
Scientists at the Unlve rstry of 

Cali fo mla's Los Alamos National 
Laboratory are p re paring to create the 
firs t man-mad e comet eve r. Scheduled 
for Christmas, the expenment promises 
to p rovide a spec tacular visual dIsplay 
that will be visible to the naked eye lor 
about 15 minutes, and Will help not only 
in the understanding of natural comets , 
but also the study of the hydrogen and 
helium solar wmd that is constantly 
spewed out from the sun . 

A satellite 72,000 miles in orbit will 
release 4.5 pounds of the chemical 
element barium. Sunlight streammg into 
the barium will cause an immediate 
brilliant reaction that will glow brightly 
in the colors of blue and pink before 
fanning out into a long comet-like streak 
of light. 

The display should be visible 
throughout most of the Western United 
States. 

It has bee n established that the 
solar wmd affec ts the outer reaches of 
the Eanh's atmosphere and sometimes 
dtsrupts sa te llite and spacec raft 
communications. 

More In formation is needed before a 
rela tionship. if any. can be found 
be tween the solar wind and changes In 
the lower atmos phere . such as affe' ting 
wea ther. 

T he Chnstmas Comet is pan of the 
U~-British -West German AMPTE triple 

£'lJI~L: PHluP LAUDER 

~----------~----------~ 
-. 

r-
_ lL.I. 

~ 

- t- ~ I. roo 
II[ JI "- t'T" a l..II"" ~r ... I"'IIr . ... It t- r-, .. JI .... r IrI Ifl..oil r1ll. .. , 

" 
JI r. I • 1'1 F[) IoiII 

'" 
III 

~"irJ, 127 
II LL ",~ 

FJ I'tl" No 1.111"1. 

Cover: UCSD's Communication Department got into 
the an of diplomacy by getting together children from 
the US and the USSR via satellite. The result-a sensitive 
and much-heralded film that shows that children are 
pretty much children, regardless of nationality- will be 
broadcast on Channel 15 tonight. See cover story, page 7, 

News: The story on the first reported rape at UCSD in two years, 
an article on a new brainscanning technique, and what the 
Regents have been up to lately. 

Opinions: What can be learned from the children of the world, 
plus commemaries on rude bicycle park~rs, rude spray paint 
sprayers, and rude non-voting voters_ Plus a preview of the rerum 
of an old favorite .... 

Perspectives: An American Embarrassed wraps up his European 
tour. 

Spons: UCSD to hatch a new mascot, a recap of the book on the 
UCSD-La Verne rivalry, plus a preview of the latest chapter. Also, a 
feature on a senior volleyball trio, men's soccer stifles the Stags, 
women's soccer shuts out Irvine, and much, much more. 

Hiatus: An intetview with Texas-born rocker Gary Myrick, plus a 
little Shakespeare, some movies, and lots of Bob's books. 

COVER lUUSTRATION BY JOHN ASHLEE 

sateUite project, launched from Cape 
Canaveral in August. 

AMPTE stands for active 
magnetospheric panicle tracer explorers. 

o 
Los Alamos National Laboratory, 

operated by the University of California, 
was included in a list of IR-100 award 
winners in the September 20 issue of 
Industrial Research and Developmtnt 
Magazine . 

The award honors the year's 100 most 
Significant technological advances. The 
first practical application of 
superconductivity for a public utility in 
the United States was what earned the 
Los Alamos Lab the honor. 

The Superconducting Magnetic 
Energy Storage (SMES) system stores 

energy in the magnetiC field of a 
superconducting coil. A superconductor 
is a material that carries electriciry 
without loss of energy. 

SMES stores 8 .3 kilowatt hours 
maximum energy at about 60,000 times 
the Earth's magnetiC field . 

The unit has been used for system 
dynamics analysis, load response 
identification, stabiliry control studies 
and senSitivity determination of lines 
running from the Pacific Northwest to 
Southem California. 

Researchers at Los Alamos believe that 
SMES, built on a much larger scale, 
could be used by public utilities for 
power load leveling. As currently 
projected, such a device would COst 
about $1 billion. 

- Sean Wagstaff 

MIrM\ ./NG/Cc:MIY 9,,,4', JN1E5 RALPH PNIP 
News (:P.T'OL.' P~L WILLON AS$o((~ MaJs &,..: SEAN WAGSTAfF 

~/.vnAJc. NEwJ 91,..: U~I.APIN 
~.w.o~ &1'n)Q; JOE DESIDEPJO ~APft."Tl~ Ff>,,.Il .. - CHRISTOPHER CANOLE 
'5PoCLl"S 9>t'T8t1-.' JEFF SAVAGE PHo7b A>llICC ROO FRiEDENTHAl. • 
/44" Aurcwt: ANDREW KEELER ~oc,"" ~.T" ~""t: JOHN NEE 

~ ..... - .. .. .. .. .... .. .... .. .. .......... .. ...... .. .............. .... .. .... .. ...... .. .... ........ ..... _ .......... .. .................. .. .. . .. .. ................................... ...... .............. .. ........................ _ .... .. .... .. .............. _·- .. ·_ ..................................... 10 

~",c. A'4TISn: JOHN ASHLEE, MAAK BAILEY, STEVE KLOEPFER 
Ptfr>~~.£ S " MARK JOHNSON, RICH PECJAK 
.SI ~pr lJa -ffts: LANa BERNARD, ETHAN FEEPSr, J9AN FORSOERG, ROoERT GEYER. 

RONA Hu, ROBERT LEONE, MICHAEl PARTOS, YEN TAYLOR 
........ oOoO .................. oO ... oO.oO .......................... ·oO.oO ............................................................................................................................. . 

~~~ - c..JP', JOHN ASHLEE. PAU. FARwaL KAALA SPEtqR 
1't'tt_TT~: JOE DEsIDERIO, JAN HANSEN, ANGCiE LAPID. PHlUP lAlDER - ' 
~"'IN£. '*"'~~: CHRIS MILKE. PErEA MORTENSEN. PETEA HOFFIMN 

, 

Thursday, Sept. 27. 198'1 3 

UCSD student mped, attacker at large 
By USA lAPIN. Contributing Ntws Editor 

A UCSD student was raped laSt week 
by an as-yet unidentified attacker, the 
police said. The young woman was the 
second person to repon a sexual assault 
to the UCSD police depanmem in the 
past twO years. 

campus destination . They never got 
there . 

Once inside the vehicle, the suspect 
drove her to an isolated area adjacent to 
campus, drew a four- to six-inch knife , 
and forcibly raped her. 

sexual assault than other universities 
within California, averaging one 
reported rape every two years . This 
could be attributed to UCSD's active 
crime prevention programs and 
Communiry Service Officer services, 

although Jones stresses that there is 
always a potential danger. 

The UCSD police depanment has 
issued a community alen on this most 
recent assault in an elTon to infonn the 
campus and prevent future crimes. 

While the victim wishes to remain 
anonymous, she told her Story to police 
so that those on camfus could become 
aware of the potentia danger here . 

"Students have a false impression that 
the campus affords them more securiry: 
said Sergeant Bob Jones of the UCSD 
force. 'But they should be cautious on 
campus as anywhere else ." 

Due to the suspect's threats, the 
frightened victim did not go directly to 
the police. She did seek medical 
assistance the next day from the Student 
Health Center, and received confidential 
counseling from Psychological Services. 
These are two avenues at UCSD which 
are always available to rape victims. 

Where to tum ••• 
The young student involved in last 

week's assault had met a stranger and 
staned up a conversation that eventuaUy 
led to her rape at the threat of a knife . -

She was on campus in the early 
evening, just after dark. when she met a 
man who engaged her in a . 
conversation. He seemed friendly, and 
she accepted a ride from him to an off-

Campus officials suspect that the 
attacker was not a UCSD student. Jones 
stated that orientation week is a 
common time to find strangers on 
campus, and that the beginning of the 
school year is a period when students 
should be cautious. "There are a lot of 
events , a lot of new faces, and a lot of 
people getting to know each other," he 
said . 

UCSD has a substantially lower rate of 

By DAWN WARRINER 
In the event of a rape, there are 

several steps a person can take to both 
assist the police in the search for an 
attacker and to assist herself in the 
aftermath of an attack. 

To begin with . immediately following 
an attack, there is the campus police 
emergency number. 452-HELP. or 911. 
In addition, there are the yeUow call 
boxes with the red lights on top . 
Opening the box and pushing the red 
button instantly connects one to the 
police. 

While waiting for police, caUing a 
friend for suppon may be a good idea. 
The victim should not, under any 
circumstances, take a shower, wash or 
douche, according to Mary Weir, co-
coordinator of the Rape Prevention and 
Awareness Program. 

Two rape hotlines are available on a 
24-hour basis. One is provided by the 
Center for Women's Studies and 
Services, 233-3088, and the other is the 
Rape Emergency Assistance Hotline, 
466-RAPE or 232-2101. Both emergency 
hoclines provide counseling and suppon 
given by former victims and trained 

speCialists. By calling, a victim can 
arrange for an advocate to accompany 
her to the hospital. 

By giving the police all possible 
details about the attacker and the attack 
itself, the victim can greatly improve the 
odds of fmding the assailant. 

To minimize the effects of the attack, 
any rape should be followed by a 
complete physical check-up. The doctor 
will conduct tests to check for venereal 
disease , a semen smear. and any bruises 
or CUts. Weir said . 

Both UCSD Legal Services (452-3755 ) 
and UCSD Counseling and 
Psychological Services (452-3755) are 
available to provide important assistance 
to rape victims. 

The victim, her family and friends 
may need to go in for some fonn of 
counseling to help with the trauma that 
may result from the attack, Weir said , 
adding that the victim is often 
overwhelmed by feelings of 
embarrassment, guilt, shame and 
worthlessness. Sometimes the victim 
even feels that she might have "asked 
for it: 

Brain scanning vets: Med School makes waves 
By KELLEY NEAL. Staff Writer 

H EAD-PENETRATING war wounds do not heal. Although the scalp recovers, brain tissue 
does not. The effects' these wounds have 
on war veterans vary immensely, more 
so than the effects of any other rype of 
injury. Symptoms such as increased 
impulsiveness or anger, speech 
difficulty, social and time relation 
inabilities, and epilepsy, are some of the 
post-war ~onsequences affiicting the 
Vietnam veterans whose heads were 
penetrated by shrapnel or bullets. The 
brain controls all ,aspects of human 
behavior. and the results of a head 
injury range from minor difficulties of 
common psychological functions to 
complete deso(;talization, as in a 
comatose case. 

With state-of-the-art computer 
technology, Dr. Roben Livingston, a 
UCSD neuroscientist. will reconstruct 
brain scans of the Vietnam veterans in 

order to study their brains in a 
quantitative , three-dimensional manner. 

This project is special in that the 
subjects are exceptionally beneficial in 
research. "It is rare to have the 
(complete) history (of a subject). These 
men are aU roughly the same age , and 
there are military records of them-tests 
from before they entered the military 
and from during basic training," 
Livingston said. 

The brain scan reconstruction project 
at UCSD is panner to the Vietnam Head 
Injury Project based at Walter Reed 
Army Medical Center in Washington . 
The goal of the project is to pinpoint 
and understand the structure and 
funclion correlations within the human 
brain. 

Computed tomography (0) scans 
will be taken of the veterans' brains at 
the Washington facility . These scans are 
360-degree ' X-rays of the brain taken in 

horizontal slices. The scans show two-
dimensional pictures of the brain's 
densities, convolutions and lesions. 

The problem with two-dimensional 
CT scans is that they do not show 
volume, shape or other quantitative 
information. This information must be 
calculated and imagined by the viewer 
of the scan. The project at UCSD 
replaces the manual guesswork. 

The project is still in the 
developmental stages. but Livingston's 
intent is to feed the flal scans 
consecutively into a computer software 
that Will calculate and reconstruct a 
whole brain image. The image can then 
be manipulated as though it were a real 
object: It can be turned , opened to 
reveal its insides . and thoroughly 
explored. 

The computer reconstruction of a 
whole brain is not an entirely new idea 
at UCSD. A film called The Human Brain: 

highlight 
and quick as a flash 

Available now at your college store, 

A Dynamic View of its Structures and 
Organization, a winner of 40 awards 
( including the Silver Screen Award), was 
shown twice on the public televlsion 
series Nova. twice on the National 
Geographic series, and once on Carl 
Sagan's Cosmos . The film features 
computer graph:cs and displays of the 
human brain, taking the viewer "flying" 
through its parts. It is shown to medical 
students in the neurology courses, 
including Basic Neurology, which is 
taught by Livingston . 

Towards the Vietnam Veteran Head 
Injury Project at UCSD, General Electric 
has donated CT machines and a system 
which can transfer the CT scans ontO 
magnetic tape from Washington for use 
here . The Evans and Sutherland 
computer graphics company has 
donated a three-dimensional graphics 

> CONTINUED ON PAGE 10 > 

1I.1i1F. 
ON THE HUMP 

FRIDAY 
6:00PM 



~ Thursday, Sept. 27, 1984 

Viewers get strong (TV) signal from USSR. 
Last summer, 200 American children got to see something they had 

never seen before, through a UCSD Communications Department 
project. The unprecedented sight had nothing to do with the space 
shuttle , computers or any other recem scientific advances. In fact , at the 
same time thousands of mile away, several hundred Russian children 
saw the same sight children from a completely different way of life 
talking back to t~em , live on television. 

Although telecommunication/ live television is old hat, technologically 
speaking, this video link is making news all over the United States and 
the Soviet Union. The video recording of the event, produced by the 
UCSD Communications Department, is receiving airplay this week on 
public television in the US (see news story, pg. 7) and has been shown 
in the USSR as well. 

This interaction is being aired at a very Significant time; Soviet 
Foreign Minister Andrei Gromyko is scheduled to meet President 
Reagan this Friday. Herein lies the ironic punchline of the special 
broadcast: Nothing was riding on the exchange of viewpOints of these 
children-no defense policies, trading strategies or furtive assessments 
of military position and might. 

The video portrays children having a conversation with other 
children (made possible by television and interpreters), nationalistic 
adjectives completely forgotten. It depiCts a bunch of kids talking (and 
listening intently and eagerly) to another bunch of kids who just happen 

Divided we fall 
By KEN ZIEGLER 

Each year both Warren and Muir 
Colleges offer a unique experience to 
students of their respective freshman 
classes called Wilderness Discovery. The 
program consists of ten days of 
"roughing It" amidst some of the most 
breathtaking scenery the Sequoia 
National Park has [0 offer. I was lucky 
enough to be a pan 1)f thiS year's 
program, and came away with not only 
a tremendous sense of physical and 
emotional accomplishment, but with an 
entire group of newfound friends as 
well . Being an incoming freshman from 
Nonhern California. I found the 
experience an irreplaceable stepping 
stone towards reducing the social 
uncertainty that freshmen traditionally 

experience adjusting to their new 
environment. 

When individuals from widely varying 
backgrounds are thrust together In a 
situation where they must coexist and 
face adversity , as we did OUI in the 
wilderness, they learn things about eac h 
other that may never have surfaced in 
ordinary conversation. Indeed , some 
members of the group might never have 
associated with one another at all had 
they not found a "common ground" 
along those mountain trails. 

The trip came to a close on 
September 16, but It was not until the 

Unolympics that the question that had 
been forming in the back of my mind 
finally [Ook shape: Why weren't Third 
and Revelle students along as well? 
Underlying the friendly , competitive 
spirit of the games I noted the smallest 
flavor of segregation holding the four 
colleges apan. I began to wonder just 
how much might have been added to 
the enjoyment of all on the Wilderness 
Discovery trip if representatives from aU 
four colleges had been along instead of 
just the two. In a real sense, we had all 
been cheated of the full potential of the 
experience. 

Since then I have encountered yet 
other programs that are offered 
exclusively to one coUege or another, a 

practice for which I can find no 
justification. As far as I am concerned, 
the divisions between the four should 
co nsist solely of variations in 
educational philosophy, as it was 
Originally intended in the beginning 
days of the University. Non-academic 
activities should address UCSD as a 
whole, giving everyone a chance to 
panicipate and share with his peers. 
Interrelation and communication form 
the foundation for social growth of any 
kind , and I firmly believe we should nOI 
sacrifice these institutions in the name 
of ompctiuon. 

to be halfway around the world (politically, if not quite phYSically). The 
incredible thing is nobody notices the difference, except for the (already 
mature and worldly adults. But tum the sound down and you will have 
trouble distinguishing them from us. 

This video presemation will not affect the nuclear race, but it may 
force us to question the purpose of competition. 

We will not come to understand the Russian people by watching an 
hour (or two, or three) of television, nor they, us. Nor will either side 
admit the merits of the other's cause and give up the headlong rush to 
oblivion which both sides apparently pursue, based on a public 
television program. But it may help us to give up the (often unstated but 
frighteningly popular) teeth-gritting, fist-clenching, "blow the bastards off 
the face of the earth" attitude that can only lead to global disaster. 

The point here is not to naively (and dangerously) welcome the 
Russians in toto with open arms, but rather, we should realize that, 
fundamentally, they are people not very different from you and me. 

The children captured on video made it clear that our philosophies, 
and prejudices, become more deeply rooted as we grow old, polarity 
increasing steadily with age. If the video can convince even a handful of 
viewers to reach back into their childhood and grab some old toys-
namely tolerance, understanding and hope-then the UCSD 
Communications Depanment will have succeeded on the grandest scale. 

Try turning down the sound. See if you can really tell the difference. 

Hey, park that bike 
someplace else, pal 
By GREGORY CHAPELLE 

With the vast availability of bicycle 
racks around campus, it is amazing that 
such a large number of bicyclists refuse 
to use mem o Specifically, I am referring 
to the selfish individuals who insist on 
parking their bicycles directly in front of 
classroom and building doorways. This 
is most severely a problem for the 
doorways of me Applied Physics and 
Mathematics (AP&M) building, where 
students seem to feel mat mey can get 
closer to their classes on me sixth floor 
by parking directly in (ront of the 
doorways and blocking pedestrian traffic 
through them. 

Granted , AP&'M is the worst case in 
IhlS intolerable situation, with a limited 
number of bicycle racks near me 
building and a large volume of people 
entenng or leaving the building each 
day. The Humanities Library and other 
assoned classrooms also have a bit of a 
traffic problem through their doorways . 
but most of these have a large number 
of bicycle racks even if some people 
refuse to use them. While I can often 
empathize wim these individuals who 
feel that it is to their advantage to block 
the doorways of the buildings in order 
to gain a few seconds, I cannot condone 
such actions on several grounds. 

First, what these poor, misguided 
souls fail to realize IS that blocking 
doorways, regardless of me reason, 
creates an extremely dangerous fire 
hazard. Should me need arise to exit 
the building, the ability to do so safely 
with bicycles blocking exits is not only 
impossible at many times but also 
makes exiting much tOO slow. 

Second, the blocking of doorways 
forces those individuals who need to 
enter the building to use the electronic 
handicapped doorways, increasing the 
University'S cost to operdte the building. 
I, lor one, am nOl WIDing !O incur thiS 

COSt for a situation thaI is both 
inconvenient for me and downright 
impolite. 

Third, with the Increase in enrollment 
of the school there has also been an 
increase in the number of handicapped 
students attending me University. The 
blind students, in particular, are often 
unable to detect the parked bicycles that 
hamper meir way, nor are they able to 
thread memselves through me maze 
created by the staggered bicycles. On 
numerous occasions this has led blind 
students to stumble over the locked 
bicycles, often injuring themselves in the 
process. This is truly a rude and 
needless situation. 

The administration has funher 
compounded the situation by removing 
bicycle racks on the west side of the 
entrance to AP&M. Apparently, they 
were removed because of the lack of use 
mey received there, despite the fact that 
they were less than 100 feet from the 
entrances. I often saw them empty last 
year, while the doors to AP&M were 
quite inaccessible to the pedestrian. 

However, care must be taken not 10 
blame the administration , as it only saw 
fit 10 move the racks to a location where 
people would use them. Instead, me 
culprits of mis antisocial behavior must 
be me selfish individuals who feel that 
in a school of nearly 15,000, an 
individual has more rights man the 
collective. It is imperative mat the 
offending students correct this 
misconception, if not by themselves 
then at the urging of omers. Half a 
minute of looking around will reveal 
many places more suitable to park a 
bicycle than in front of doorways. 

Having ridden all over this campus 
for the past few years on my bicycle, I 
have not yet needed [0 block a doorway, 
and can not tolerate mose who feel that 
they musl. 

Thursday, Sept. 27, 1984 .5 
~IN(~ 

..' .' _ . ~., >. v .. ..: _ '.:::: " .. ~ ,_ • 

Singing the voter song Go clean your graffiti 
By DANIELLE SAVIN 

"Oh where, oh where haw the vorers 
gone? Oh where, oh where can mey 
be?" Yes, it is election year again, and 
the campaign is soon coming to an end. 
Maybe me voters will do someming 
unexpected mis year-like VOle. 

Eighty to 90 million Americans vote 
nearly ewry year, but that still leaves 80 
million eligible voters who do not cast 
their baBots. Perhaps disenchanted with 
me government, dissatisfied wim the 
candidates, or even confused wim what 
omer parties stand for may be me 
reasons Americans are turning national 
elections into a spectator sport. 

In 1960, 36.9% of me voting 
population did nOl cast its vote. In 
1976, 45% did not show up at the polls, 
and yet nearly half the population of me 
United States (over 100 million citizens) 
rum their television sets on to watch me 
Super Bowl every year. 

I recendy asked my peers if mey are 
planning to cast their vOles this 
November. All of them said yes. but 
when I asked if they had registered, 
only half could answer positively. 
Citizens between the ages of 18 and 24 
have me worst voting record in me 
nation. Nearly 60% relinquish meir vote 
for seemingly apametic reasons. One 
excuse is the lack of long-term ties wim 
the community mat encourage 
participation in politics. Another excuse 
is that we are preoccupied wim school, 
finding jobs or looking for companions. 

People have basically lost trust in me 
public institution. There are bumper 
stickers mat read. "Don't vote, it only 
encourages mem" and, ·You don't elect 
who you want, you get who they want 
you to haVe." Aside from mese attitudes, 
there are always me 20% of me VOlers 

who stiU do not know which candidate 
they prefer a week before me election 
and almost literally lIip a coin on 
election day. Which is me worst sin, 
voting for no one or voting for anyone? 

In Canada, records show a 70% 
turnout on election day, and in 
AUstralia, West Germany and Sweden, 
over a 90% turnout. Do we need to 
make it even easier for people to vote? 
It has been proposed to make election 
day a national holiday or to haw mail-
in voting in aU the stares (presendy nine 
states have me option). There just has 
to be a way. 

By nor voting, individuals forfeit one 
of meir most valuable opponunities, the 
freedom of choice on which we 
Americans so heavily pride ourselves. So 
show your pride and please take a few 
minutes out of your day. Take the 
initiative to make a say for the future of 
our country. Remember, your Vote 
counts. 

By ROBERT LEONE, Slaff Writer 
He, or she, or mey, carne on me 

night of September 24, using me cover 
of Stygian blackness to scrawl meir own 
messages, black in both hue and 
manner. The low, yet harsh · sssst" of 
escaping propellants accompanied me 
sudden appearance of writing on me 
concrete waDs of Central Library, Urey 
HaD and me RewDe Fountain (and 
perhaps omer sites thus far unnoticed). 
Some coward, too afraid to speak openly 
or write on paper, had polluted me 
clean. night air wim freon. solvents and 
political slogans. 

This spray painting cast a chill over 
many. The son of arrogance (of course, 
me perpetrators would call it "Sense of 
Purpose" or use some other high-
sounding excuse) mat would aDow one 
to deface such respected campus 
buildings as a library, a laboratory and 
one of me most prized (and coolest) of 
social venues, usually is the son of 
arrogance mat eventuaDy leads to 
releasing rats into a crowded meater, as 
me Nazis did at the first German 
showing of All Quiet on the Western 
Front. 

Some may mink that my last 
statement went a bit tOO far. but history 

shows mat those who use inappropriate 
means of spreading propaganda usually 
wish mat mose in opposition could nOl 
avail memselves of appropriate means 
for spreading meir propaganda. 

ReveUe Dean Ernie Mon was just glad 
that maintenance crews were able 10 
wipe off the graffiti on the Revelle 
Fountain . He didn't mink the culprit 
was a UCSD student, b'ut he men 
remarked mat there seemed to be a lot 
of garbage on me lawns at Revelle at the 
end of the day. 

Maybe mis, and midnight scrawlers, 
are just symptoms of the real problem. 
When people come to UCSD, they are 
biologicaUy adults, and many are 
emotionally and mentaUy adults as well. 
However, we may be suffering from an 
infestation of Peter Pan coUege students, 
people who refuse to grow up, refuse to 
stOp dirtying their playpens, and refuse 
to stop scrawling with crayons on walls. 
The only difference is that they have 
more money to buy better cra>:ons. 

They're stiU little children who can't 
believe they will ever be responsible for 
their actions. 

And I wish that they would grow up. 

"Hmm. It says here the Guardian is going to run 
my strip starting Monday. Guess I'll have to be there. 
I wonder what 1 should wear .... " 

Look for Doonesbury here every Monday and 
Thursday, starting next issue! 

Who played Marlene Dietrich's son in "Blonde Venus"? 
Who portrayed the youthful Gary Cooper in '''Sergeant York"? 
Who gave Shirley Temple her first screen kiss? 
Who obtained candid last interviews with Natalie Wood and 
Jackie Coogan? 

...... the·s we .. to tIa .. e ..... '''7 .... re .. -ca"',,, 
aile .. dI ..... d, ........... DIOlJlOOll& 

He will be autographing copies ofhis fiwinattng 
study 01 thirty fAmour child stars: 

IWNlI.TWNlI. unuma 
(IIut...., e.e .. ar tale the GrI 

FRIDAY, SEPI'EMBER 28, 1984 

FROM 11:30 A.M. TO 2:00 PM. 

in the 

IJ5IVERSny 

"Touching. immensely readable 
from start to flnish." 

"Fresh.lJvely.lIUarious" 
Tom Nolan, 

LA. Herald/Examiner Rex Reed 



d The Duelist 
Oh God, they're at it again 

. --. 

By CHRISTOPHER CANDLE, Scaff WriCcr 
The 1984 voter registration fonn asks 

that on line seven you check the ' 
political party of your choice: American 
Independent, Democratic, Libertarian , 
Peace and Freedom, Republican, Decline 
to tate , or Other. 

The 1988 voter registration fonn may 
have a line eight that asks you to check 
the religious affiliation of your choice: 
Baptist, Catholic, Jewish, Lutheran, 
Methodist, Muslim, Presbyterian, Decline 
to Pray, or Other. If you are as 
ambivalent about this possible change in 
the political nature of our country as the 
average college-age non-registrant, are 
you ready to accept the consequences? 

To deny that religiOUS registration, 
pohtical alliances and dogmas have any 
bearing on your life is as naive as saying 
the-Democratic, Republican, 
Independent and Communist political 

organizations are benevolent benefactors 
who have always acted in the best 
interest of all Americans. If you even 
mildly question our political actions of 
making the world safe for democracy in 
Vietnam or Beirut, imagine the 
commitment of our resources and young 
lives to convert the Buddhists or 
Muslims to whatever religion IS 
enthroned in the White House. Of 
course , our religiOUS warrior will be 
adequately indoctri nated to die for an 
eternal cause. If these statements strike 
you as inflammatory and reactionary, 
read the front-page highlights of the 
ongoing battles between opposing 
church-states in any daily newspaper. 

One newspaper reported last week 
that even the American "Holy of Holies: 
John F. Kennedy, was recently attacked 
as the anti-christ for his firm stand for 
the separation of church and state. 

Many students were not alive at the rime 
Kennedy made this distinction to quell 
fears thar a Roman Catholic preSident 
would be the puppet of the Pope. 

And if you missed yesterday'S 
headlines, "Senate Protects School 
Prayer" is a major viclOry for those who 
want to change the purpose of our 
schooling to rcadin', 'ritin ', 'rithmetic 
and religion. Will a future degree from 
UC require courses in religious studies? 
Or will you have to show proof of 
religiOUS worship to receive financial 
aid? 

The religion in politics issue hit 
UCSD last week when local politicians 
voted against the Blackhorse Farms 
project JUSt a week before, the same 
council approved a land grant to a new 
"Christian" university. The swing-v<'te 
councilmen said they would have voted 

DELIVERY 
WINNING THE WEST 

WE' , S FARGO SIUDENT LOANS 
Speedy Processing: At Wells Fargo, we're 
committed to rapid turnaround. Our state-of-the-
art student loan system enables us to give your 
loan request prompt attention and swift handling. 
We Make It Simple: No additional bank forms 
are required, and you don't need to have a credit 
history or account relationship in order to qualify. 
Courteous Customer Service: Our service 
representatives are ready to answer your ques-
tionsWe appreciate your business, and we're 
anxious to make your dealings with Wells Fargo 
Bank pleasant and hassle-free. 
Choose Wells Fargo: If a student loan is part 
of your plans for financing your education, then 

tell your financial aid office that you want to go 
through Wells Fargo Bank Soon after you mail 
us your application, you'll begin to see why 
Wells Fargo was the smart choice. 
If you need more information, we'd be happy 
to help ... phone or write us today! 
Call (BOO) 641-0473 Toll-Free 

(415) 396-4105 Collect 
Weekdays 8 AM-5:30 PM 

Wells Fargo Bank 
Student Loan Center 
p.D. Box 63095 
San Francisco,CA 94163 

against the universiry and its 
surrounding business rezoning project 
had it not been (or the university's 
religious affiliation. Supponers o( the 
Blackhorse Farms project might 
consider including a chapel to 
manipulate the local political sheep who 
fear the wrath of the shepherd. 

If you fear speaking out for 
continuing the wisdom of our founding 
fathers , who experienced the dangers of 
a church-state first-hand, as expressed 
in the First Amendment to the 
Constitution (will the BiD of Rights be 
c hanged to the Ten Commandments?), 
imagine the fears you will experience if 
you happen (0 be Jewish, Catholic or 
Baptist under a president of another 
denomination. HislOry has shown that 
your fears may become your fare ... 
espeCially if your faith is nO( the right 
one. 

" ... _-... "--_ .. 

lWoflwlhna,far 
~ .. ca .... ea. ........ : 
........ Pt ........ .. 
-Noon PI .... IIIaMI 
eFlICUIly/SIudenr PI ...... 
bid 

<ornmunay AdutIDIy .... 
OneSll .......... 

APPLICA1IONS au. 
4 P.M. ON ex, .• 
IN nvElU DMN'S 
OPPIC&. 

Thursday, Sept. 27, 1984 7 
€~ 

• "= " ~ >;.Z..:~* ~ .... . . . v.." .... ~ • • .. ,o' :-.; • ~" '. , .... .. • ,. • .. • .., '« ' 

Communications Dept. simulcast 

American, Soviet children talking it over 
By LISA lAPIN, Contributing News Editor 

I T WAS SUMMER 1983, a time when the United" States' communication with the Soviet Union was niU, when 
lhe US Embassy was bombed and a 
Korean jetliner was shot down . II was 
when Americans simply didn't converse 
with the Russians. 

Most Americans, at least. 

technical director. 
Helene Keyssar, Cole and George 

have received national acclaim for their 
efforts in the two hours of original film. 
The half-hour edited version has been 
accepted for nationwide Public 
Broadcasting Service viewing at a date 
still to be announced, and a 45-minute 
version has been viewed throughout the 
Soviet Union several times since its July 
20, 1983 taping. 

On a shoestring budget of $26,000, 
the trio and many volunteers spent 
IiteraDy 20 hours a day for three weeks 

videocasts with the Soviet Union and 
perhaps with other countries as weD, 
such as China, Japan and Mexico. 

The USSR producers are now looking 
over a list of proposed topics, including 
Women at Work and Pioneers. Keyssar 
hopes to gel into more controversial 
subjects, such as the future , with guests 
to include Ray Bradbury. 

Shelly Duvall is the celebrity on 
tonight'S program, which used two-way 
audio-video links by way of satellite to 
enable a significant number of people to 
participate in the event. 

broadcast, according to Keyssar. 
"People expect the Soviets (0 be 

something different," said George. "But 
when we show the film, they can't 
differentiate between the American and 
Russian children." 

It is one of the few times lhat the 
Soviets and Americans had a 
conversation that wasn't formally 
structured: points out George . 

Funding was received in part from 
the Carnegie Corporation, the UC 
Regents (who own the copyright), and 
UCSD Extension , which contributed 
$5,000. 

Despite the tom and tattered foreign 
relations, the UCSD Communications 
Depanment managed to have a long 
conversation with the USSR last 
summer. To be more specific, 200 
American children and a few hundred 
Russian children conversed in an hour-
long friendly exchange via satellite, in a 
video program that Originated in 
UCSO's own Media Communications 
Center. 

People expect Soviets to be different, but the film 
shows that children are our common bond. 

A second intercultural simulcast was 
scheduled for last year, but was 
postponed after the downing of KAL 
flight 007. 

This quaner at UCSD, an entire class 
is being taught about the making of the 
Simulcast, from the researc h to the 
editing. Lee Miehls, who also aided in 
the production, is teaching the course 
entitled Video Research. ·We are 
anxious to get student involvement: 
said Keyssar. 

The results of this live interaction 
were taped and edited, and wiD air 
tonight on KPBS-lV at 8:30 pm. 

Children's ftIms was the topiC for the 
simultaneous videocast produced by the 
Communications Depanment Viewers 
wiD see both audiences ask each other 
questions as weD as see clips from 
children!s films of each country. 
Filmmakers and directo.rs from each 
country will also be seen, as will UCSD's 
Michael Cole, who moderated the 
American group. 

"There are hundreds of reasons why 
people say that we can't produce this 
kind of experiment. But we didn't know 
about them; we just forged ahead: said 
Shennan George, the program's 

preparing for the two-way exchange. 
Overcoming major technical hurdles and 
language barriers, as well as government 
regulations, the organizers could not 
finalize the plans until the day of the 
taping. 

Only four people on the UCSD staff, 
including Cole, speak Russian. The San 
Diego group had only ~o cameras to 
work with, while the Soviets used 12 
cameras and broadcast from the 
country's largest studio. 

Now that the depanmenr has 
achieved national recognition through 
television, it is seeking donations of $1 
million to produce a series of similar 

MEDIA 
MAJORS 
MEETING 

OCTOBER 1,1984, 2pm 

INTERNATIONAL CENTER 

There will be an Infol'rlNltloruli meeting for all Media 
~rs at UCSO. The CommunlcatJon,lVlsua1 Arts 
nNtJor Is being phased out and the VIsual Arts 
[)epIIrb,leI1t has a new Media ~. To lam about 
how these changes aff'ect you ... media major. 
pIN. come October 1 at 2 p.m. In the InternadonItl 
Center. VIsual Arts faculty will be present as well as 
the advIson for both Communication and Visual Arts. 
Topla to be (fila aed Include course deletions. 
course substitutions. new counes and courses that 
haw been renumbered. Refreshments will be served. 

Having recently returned from 
Moscow, Keyssar places great 
importance on the role that the live 
simulcasts can play. "The US and USSR 
are key places in the world that know 
very little about each other. Our 
information and ignorance are severe 
and contribute to 'the tension between 
the two countries. 

"The programs won't keep us from 
blowing each other up, but they are a 
form of public information and outreach 
that reveal the cultural values." 

The American audience will get some 
sense of what the Soviet Union presents 
to its children from viewing the 

The effort was pan of an ongoing 
commitment by the Department of 
Communication to explore new forms of 
communication and to produce and 
disseminate public information. 

A second broadcast will take place on 
KPBS at 6 pm October 2, and those who 
tune in to either airing will definitely 
notice the accomplishments o( this 
group in bringing two such distant 
nations so close on a mutual topic. ~ 

RAY BAN 
WAYFARER 

r--------------------I I 

!E~ $25.00! 
I red. white : 

~ - - - COupon good through 91 JO/lU . - --
We ~arantee the lowest lunglass 

prices of any San Diego store 
v...met. ~".., RIfIIM. Stfle lI/U SUncloud. IIobIe. IuccL lIoIle. ~ I!tc. .. 

hom U99 to IJOO,OO 

E~t7l--1 
~ 7'*1/$ .nd nights 

Ofd To..,,, 2461 SIn Diego Me. (JYext to Old Town I'fulCMI Ci{e) 6!13-OG59 
lndnU. 7.~ n"t SL (LumbeJylld Shopping Center) Nl-O.J.J7 
La.Jol .. lOJO Torrey I'f1HlS Rd. (1YeJd. to Yogul't A/fIIir) f5f 8OG6 

0-1 • .tOOfI: CIal ... ont ~ ........ 10''' .. 



8 Thursday, Srpt. 2 7, 1984. 

THE U\C0Mv10N IMPORT. 
DOSEQpIS 

C CERVECERIA MOCTEZUMA, S A 

l '~ 
Heal 

Professions 

FullY-p.lid educ~lion plus monlhly income 
If you h~~ ~n K(~ by, 01 ~~ ~nroll«l.t, ~n Ipptoved 

school 01 m«Iicinp 01 ost~thl', you mil' qUlhf,. for t~ Navy 
Hellth Profes\ions Schollf\hip PrOlr~m . 

As • SC~Mip S1,*"t ~ N.vy pi~; 
• your full tuilion, ~uIhorized fees Ind educllionil 

b~nws; 

Scholarship 
Program 

• I~ cost 01 required boob .nd \Upplies (~imbursed 
10 youl; 

• ~I fftos fOl nKeSwy equipment such as 
microscopes; ~ 

• ~ monthly ash piyment directly 10 you (subjKt 10 
"""L You can lM lfIis stipend u you pIe~5C!, 

While. school, !he ~ does not i~~ with your 
Kidemic lif~ . You won'l have 10 IMnd mili .. ". tr~ininl 01 
drills, 01 welf Navy uniforms. Your li,",yle is ~ y~ n OI~r 

rnedic~1 01 osteopithic lI~nI5. 

5p!cill T,~ininl 
You'll spend about six w~ks of ~ach ~If in ~n ·idi~ 

5C!IViee" st~tus . How~ver, if your curriculum ~'I illow you 
to leave school , you can usually spend i portion or ~II 01 !hoM! 
days of active duty It your civililn school conlinuing your 
slUdies. 

DUling th is active duty period, you'll r~ei~ full piy ind 
allowances of an officer in the .Navy-w~lher you're it school 
or awa~ . ThaI's in addition to the regular monthly inc~ you 

r~eive during the rest of tne year. 
Act ive duty periods offer you tne chance to tr_1 at Navy 

expense and ga in medical experience while enjoying a break 
from the routine of studying. 

Obligations: 
c complete school as a member of the Navy Health 

ProfeSSions Scholarsh ip Progra m. 
( serve one year of active duty as a Navy medic.al offrcer 

for each year of !>Cholarshlp partICipation . You must 
Il'rve at least th ree years on aCII ve duty. 
nm~ spent in internship or residency does nOl count toward 

your aCIiI e service obllgallon. 

Qualifications for 5Chola~hips: 
( be accepted for the next entering class or currently 

enrolled in an approved school of medicine or 
osteopathy in the U. S. or Puerto Rico. 

" be a U.S. citizen of good moral ch"racter. 
C be physically qualdled for a commission as ~ Navy 

officer. 
• have composit MeAT score of 60 or more 

BILL BRYAI"\T 
'l"NC u ...... 

~.,c:.e ..... c"' ..... 

NA\('" _E.C_U.TlHG D, ...... eT 
... "" 0.00 
"'.VAL TII •• NINa CRNTa_ , .LOG "~!I 
... N DIeGO CA •• ' •• 

call collect (619) 293-6746 

BeThe Doctor 
You '''ant To Be. In The Navy, 

ON THE HUMP 
FRIDAY 

1f)'OU have 
dlarrhea that 

began wllhln the ... 48 hrs and 
would like to p.rtldpale In an 
IrwestJgadonal drug SIUdy at the 
V.A_ Hospital call Cheryl 
Beaumont or Stew Pandol M.D . 
1453-75001 ext 3284 for more 
Info. Upon completion of the 
~ )'DU wIII...rec8M 525. 

Thursday, Xpt. 27, 1984 9 
NE6IJS 

) . " ~. ... . "~ '.. , ~ '. 

UC Regents: The buck stops here 
By JAMES RALPH PAPP 

The Regents of the University of 
California do not make themselves 
widely known to ordinary students. We 
have all seen professors, administratOrs 
and other undergraduates, but who has 
seen a Regent? Anyone who was at 
Mandeville Center when they met there 
late July has seen some, at a distance, 
but for more than a decade previously 
they have met in a secure building in 
San Francisco, not venturing out onto 
the UC campuse~ .. 

To understand the character of the 
Board of Regents one must understand 
primarily that it has been around longer 
than the University's faculty, Staff, 
administrators, students and buildlings , 
and secondarily that in all that time it 
has never let the Academic Senate, 
University president, California 
Legislature or mobs of students tell it 
what to do. The constitution of the state 

protec ts its autonomy, as the mfluence 
of its members largely does as well. 

It is supposed to be a body above 
polities, but since ItS founding in 1868 
its political division and balance, or 
imbalance, has been between 
Republican and Democrat. Today the 
struggle is between those regents 
appointed by then-Governor Reagan 
and by his successor Governor Brown-
with a new element introduced by 
Deukmejian. A little over a year ago Yori 
Wada, a liberal , barely was voted the 
Board's chairman, after the 
chairmanship was wrested away from 
conservative Glenn Campbell , denied 
the usual second one-year term. Now 
Vilma Maninez, one of the first movers 
towards Campbell's ousting, is the 
Regents ' chailWoman. California's 
governor, lieutenant governor and 
speaker of the Assembly, ex o1ficio, 

members of the Regents by virtue of 
their political susccess. President 
Reagan 's attorney general , William 
French Smith , is an appointed Regent, 
left over from his political benefactor's 
earlierr California political power. 

Since the terms regents serve are 
much longer than those of the governors 
who appoint them, the Board is subject 
more to drawn out battles than sharp 
swings of fonune. One present regent, 
Edward W. C~rter, was first appOinted 
by Governor Earl Warren in 1952, 
reappointed by the fi~t Governor Brown 
in 1966, and reappointed by the second 
Governor Brown in 1982, having 
outserved aU possibly hostile state 
administrations. 

The more Il'cent Governor Brown's 
appointees will last into the 19905. They 
Include Yvonne Blackwaite Burke, the 
first black appointed to the regents 

OPEIIS SEPTEMBER 2 ... AT A THEATRE REAR YOU. 

(Wilson Riles was an ex ofTi cio member, 
by vinue of being the state school 
superintendent, was the first black to 
serve on the Board of Regents, over a 
hundred years after it was established). 
Burke was appointed by Brown, 
resigned when he appOinted her to 
finish a Los Angeles supervisor's term, 
and was ' reappOlnted to the Regents 
after she failed to win election as a 
supervisor. Brown also appointed 
Sheldon Andelson, the first professed 
homosexual on the Board , who won 
approval from the state Senate by a 
single vote. 

State Senator Roben Presley, a 
Democrat from Riverside , argued against 
the appOintment by saying that Senate 
approval of It would "sanction that 
lifestYle in the minds of a lot of people, 

> CONTINUED ON PAGE 10 > 



10 Thursday. Sept. 27. 198. 
NE~ 

. ~. '.' . 's. ~ . 

Regents 
< CONTINUED FROM PAGE 9 < 
particularly students in the University 
system ." Senator H.L. Richardson , a 
Republican from Arcadia. spoke against 
Burke's approval by saying that she was 
"violently anti-gun." She was approved 
by a margin of five votes. Not only have 
'he Regents been unable to remain 
above politics, bur more extraordinarily 
they have nO! remained above sexual 
preference either. 

Those who appOint and approve 
regents, whatever their opinions on 
sexual preference may be, have little 
interest in sexual balance. There are two 
women on the Board now, Yvonne 
Brathwai te Burke and Vilma Maninez, a 
distribution that takes care of three 
minorities of public office at once. 
Regents usually are of four categories, 
business, law, politics and civic 
leadership, and until recently women on 
the Board were drawn from the last 
category: Dorothy Chandler, Phoebe 
Apperson Hearst, active in education 
and philanthropy, and another Hearst, 
her granddaughter-in-law, all connected 

to newspaper fortunes . 
The original Board of Regents . 

appointed in 1868. was a more motley 
group than today's Board . but only 
slightly. It included eight lawyers. twO 
doctors turned real estate developers. a 
company president and Vlce president. 
and . demonstrating the greater 
importance placed on agriculture then, a 
nurseryman and two farmers . The 
presidents of the State Agricultural 
Society and of the Machanics' Institute 
of San francisco were, as they are no 
longer, ex officio members, and the latter 
was Andrew Hallidie, later was the 
inventor of San francisco's cable cars. 
Two regents were minsiters. one a 
Methodist and the other a Unitarian. 
California was still a young state. and 
recently populated. so the Board was 
not a group of well educated men in the 
Eastern sense. Only four of the twenty-
two had attended a college. a proportion 
unlikely to be found in a present 
Regents meeting. But they were no less 
successful because of their limited 
formal educations. Hallidie. as one 
example, came our for the Gold Rush at 
the age of sixteen. and at nineteen he 
was building mining machinety and 
suspension bridges , and became a 
regent at the age of 32. 

Lack of education or any other 

Great 
some 

qualifications on their expertise has 
never prevented the Regents from 
wishing to run the University. In the 
maners of books and curricula they have 
remained largely mum. but the faculty 
and the Regents , with the president on 
one side or the other or ,caught in the 
middle. began clashing in 1869, a year 
after the founding. The first battle 
involved the Regents wish to open a 
preparatory school in conjunction with 
the University and to move some 
lectures from Berkeley to San francisco 
to increase attendance. The Regents got 
their way over the objections of the 
faculty. but both ideas eventually failed 
in practice. The first two preSidents, 
Henty Durant and John leConte, had 
very limited say in these decisions. 
The Regents retain their constitutional 
autonomy, and continue to disagree 
with University faculty and 
administrators over the extent of their 
power in Uc. Statistics lead us to 
suspeCt similar classes will eventually 
arise in President Gardner's term. No 
period of the University's history has yet 
been without them. 

(The aurhor acknowledges the help of 
The Los Angeles Times. The San Diego 
Union and The University of California by 
Verne A. Stadturan.) 

than 
the GuaraDteeci 
5tuaent Loan: 

Anywhere you go for a California Guaranteed Student Loan, you'U get a low interest 
rate and a long time to pay it back. 

But with Great Western Savings, you'll get something more: Fast Service. You11 get 
an answer within 15 days. And, because Great Western is a major California lender, you 
get your money fast. You can even get a loan from Great Western if you already have a 
student loan with another lender from a previous academic year. 

Not only does Great Western lend to California residents attending schools in and 
out-of-state, we lend to non-residents attending California schools, also freshmen and 
half-time students. 

You can borrow up to $2,500 a year if you are an undergraduate, and up to $5,000 
for g;aduate study, The low interest rates mean comfortable monthly payments during 
the fIrst few years after school when money may be tight. You can pay nothing while 
you're in school, and when you fin ish there is a grace period before your payments begin. 

It's easy to apply for a student loan with Great Western Savings. Fill out the forms 
at your friendly Financial Aid Office, and send your application to the address below. 

You can get a Guaranteed Student Loan from other lenders, but with Great Western, 
you get guaranteed fast service. 

GREAT WESTERN SAVINGS, Student Loan Department, 
P.O. Box 1050, Northridge, CA 91328 

GREAT WESTERN SAVINGS 
(9%. 

A Federal Savings and Loan Association 

A new bnmd o/banking 

Brainscans 
< CONTINUED FROM PAGE 3 < 
system that will allow the graphics to 
feature surface, color and shade. 
Previously the equipment was capable of 
line images only, giving a wire skeleton 
effect. The equipmem is valued at 
$300,000, and was granted on the basis 
of UCSD's past comributions through 
research. 

Once the three-dimensional brain 
images have been constructed at UCSD, 
the process of correlating the individual 
and group cognitive functional abilities 
with the structural knowledge will begin. 
In Washington, the head of the project. 
Dr. Andres Salazar, will organize all of 
the data on the veterans' personalities 
and cognitive abilities and deficiencies. 

For UCSD students. the project will 
provide a "training ground as weD as an 
opportunity to do something for your 
fellow man," said Livingston. He also 
mentioned that several UCSD 
undergraduates who had worked on 
developing software for biological 
engineering and computers in the 
Neurology Department have eXlended 
their careers as MDs and PhDs. 1m 

--- ---WllHnBSAD -----, 

JRe S'o9Urf J./,Ifoir 
... 

yqIIIIt a.IIOI. 

2 fOr 1 
Jur- ........... 

-.. --

WE ALSO HOf«lR AU. • 
YOGURl' PARLOR COUPONS 

I~ Toney !'Ina Rd. I n4 c::..ma INe. 
at Henc:twI PIIdIt Badl 

La joIa &pia Oct. II. 1984 

- - - - - OIIE PER CUSIOIIEa - - _..J 

1I.IiIF. 
DNTHII HUMP 

FAIDAY 

... NUSAIID 
.aOfNICAL IMJOIIS 

Highly responsIt* positions fer 
college seniors and gradllates 
11t1rough age 34) In tInandaI 
and ~c 5I!ppOrt The Nay 
Suppfy Corps needs ~ 
qualified. ~ IncJWlJaIs 
to lead and rnanIge large 
irwntOIy and ftnandaI 
networks. Salary $1&500 to 
start. $]4,000 *' 4 yei!B. 
Excellent belle'ftts package. 
Need &VBs. U.s. dtizenshIp. 
c.l1 __ "'.1 ••• 111 
" .. p ... 2 •• ,.... 
""Wadi.,. tpM. 

ThundGy. Sept. 27. 198.. 11 
'.' ~ .m.~::f: . " ... .y./. "-:- .... ',... , . 

Col publlcatton • Un1u ....... rv of Collfomla. San 01 

HU CARES ABour FRESHMEN DIE CALElWDAR 

II is the grand old tradition of 
three enti~ years that the first 
issue of Rewllations includes an 
anicle on frahmen, It Is me pand 
old tradition that this micIe be 
written by me. It Is also me pnd 
old tradition that this ~ say 
pretty much the same dUng every 
year. but, of course, the freshmen 
don't know that One of the 
wonderful things about freshmen 
is that they completely rqenerate 
every year. like weeds or certain 
species of beetles. 

One stereotype I would like to 
dispel is that the term "freshmen" 
is synonymous with "simpering 
little worm." This is not true. 
Someone who is not a freshman 
can also be a simpering little worrn. 
Some people think aD freshmen are 
wide-eyed, guIibIe, naive and 
clueless. This is also not true; at 
least fifty percent of aD freshmen 
are beady-eycd, gullible, naive and 
clueless. 

Now that half my readers are 
plaMing on doing unspeakable 
things to my car, I1J say, "Hey. I was 
just kidding. OK? Ha ha. No hard 
feelings." Actualy, I like freshmen. 1 
like them so much I spent two 
years being suite mother to a gaggle 
of them. (1 stopped when 1 became 
one of the fumishin~, like the 
waltr cooler and the sofa.) 1 
listened to coundess stories of 

~es and break-ups, proofread 
an awful lot of Humanities pape~ 
(and I mean aMful), and helped 
them plan their lives, their careers, 
and what they are going to do if a 
certain cute person in chemistry 
class already had a significant 
other. After aD that experience, I 
feel justified in making a few 
generalizations as to why freshmen 
are different from normal people, 
er, other people: 

1) FRESHMEN HAVE JUST 
GOTTEN OUT OF HIGH 
SCHOOL The- significance of this 
fact can be demonsttated by the 
fdlowing test: Quick. what high 
school did you go to? wtw were its 
school colors? Who was your class 
president? Who was homecoming 
queen? Don't bum aD your 

~maining brain ceUs reaching into 
the dim past. Now, freshmen 

~member these things, and more. 
They can teB you where their prom 
was, whom IMy went with, what 
they wore and what they !tad for 
diMer. They know which band 
played at their Grad Night, how 
many times they rode Space 
Montain.. . and they assume you 
want 10 hear about it. Stay away 
from reminiscing groups of 
freshmen, or you may be up an 
night trying to remember what 
)'Our school mascot was. 

8eingjust out of high school aha 
means f~shmen have Itndencies 
toward chewing bubblegwn and 
wearing new dothes. Which 
brings me to my next topic: 
2) FRESHMEN WANT TO MAKE A 
GOOD IMPRESSION. The rest of us 
have already messed up. Freshmen 

still have hopes of some son of 
good reputation. for the first week 
anyway. A ROOd impression is one 
reason fres11men always spend an 
inordinalt amount of time getting 
dressed. Another is the old high 
school mentality which judged 
people by what they wore (instead 
of important things like a complelt 
collection of Elvis Costello albums. 
an aptitude for car repair. or a 
working knowledge of the best 
restaurants and nightclubs in the 
area). But the most important 
rnson that freshmen always spon 
the lalrst in l'ashion (or, in the case 
of freshwomcn, the latest in hair 
style and makeup) is that they can 
afford to. They haven't developed 
expensive habits yet (and their 
parents haven't disowned them yet 
for some of their expensive habits). 

Sometimes the desire to be cool 
backfires; for example, freshmen 
are unfailingly the drunkest at 

September 28: REVELLE 
APARTMENT BL~K PARTY, 9 pm 
at the cul-de-sac between the 
Revelle Apartments. 
"Marketable Resuml!" Workshop. 
Learn to wrilt a resum«!. 9 am in the 
ReveDe Fonnal Lounge, 
Grove GaIety Receplion.5-8 pm in 
the UC Craft Center. 

October 3: Interview Skills 
Seminar. 10:30 am in the Revelle 
Fonnal Lounge. 

October 5: FaD Festival on the 
Green (FFOG), 11 am-7 pm on 
Urey uwn and the Hump. 

Octoba' 6: FFOG Triathlon, 7 am, 
pick up entry form at Campus 
Rec~ation. 
October 12: REVEllE CASlNO 
NIGHT. 8 pm in the Revelle 
Cafeteria. 

October 16: Education Abroad 
Information Meeting (sophomores 
and above). 7 pm in the 
International Center. 

panies (and on the least amoumof 1---------------------. liquor). Mom and Dad aren't 
around. it's not cool to ask what's 
in a mixed drink ("Kamikazes? Oh 
sure, I'D have five"), and they don't 
know their limits yet Freshman 
males. of course, would rather die 
than admit they don't like beer. So 
they go blotto, and have to be 
dragged upstairs and force-fed 
waltr aD night so their brains don't 
dry up. So much for good 
impressions. 
3) FRESHMEN HAVE HUMANI-
TIES. ReveDe freshmen have it 
tough Wednesday afternoons; they 
go into a Sfalt of panic. foll~d by 
the Wednesday night typewriltr 
anack which lasts into the 
Thursday moming coma. Anyone 
with a Thursday moming section 
can be recognized by red eyes, 
coffee-stained tttth. liqUid paper 
smeared on strange pans of the 
body, and tiny bruises on the 
forehead in the shape of 
"asdfghjkl;" from a sudden 
momentaty lapse of conscious-
ness. As they stumble off across 
campus clutching manila rolders 
and babbling in Middle English 
about Erasmus and the French 
Revolution, they are horrified to 
come across Muir and Third folk, 
waltzing along with assignments to 
"'write a movie review" or "keep a 
diary," Nervous breakdowns in the 
middle of Revelle Plaza do not 
make good impressions either. 

But, 1 guess you've just gotta love 
freshmen. They still think they can 
get eight hours of sleep a night 
They like hopelessly ~ groups 
like Duran Duran (or worse, 
Journey). They check their 
mailboxes three times a day, caD 
USB and HL br their fuD names, 
and occasionaJly refer to their 
professors as "teachers." It gives 
you a whole new perspective on 
reality to be around freshmen, and 
it's cheaper and safer than mind-
altering substances, We aI were 
there once, You gotta love 'em. 

- ..... Hu 

STUDENTS! Are you lonely, beset 
by personal and academic 
problems or simply bored to ICars? 
Then write to "Dear Aggie." She can 
help solve your problems . 
Doubtful? WeD. just write and find 
out! Bring letters to the Commuter 
Lounge under Blake Hall. 

DO you have an opinion? Are you 
willing to force it upon your fellow 
Revele students? Then submit a 
suggestion to "Guest Edilorial. K 
Bring a lelter with your idea, your 
name and your phone number on 
it to the Commuter Lounge under 
Blake Hall. 

For the Commuter 

Here we go again , the beginning 
of anOlher year. After the rush of 
finding classes, buying books. and 
standing in lines (lots of long 
lines), you will be looking for 
something fun to do. Lots of 
programs and resources are 
available for commuter students. 

This year, a new program has 
begun for freshman commuters 
called "Adopt-A-Commuter." This 
program provides students with a 
connection [0 the dorms. It should 
give the students a stronger sense 
of belonging to the ReveDe College 
Community. 

The Commuter Lounge. located 
under Blake Hall. is available for 
use during the day. It is a great 
place to relax and meet new 
friends. A microwave is available to 
"nuke" your food. We aha provide 
jumper cables and a gas can. This 
is also the place to find out what 
activities are coming up. 

Anyone interested in 
programming activities for 
rornmutcrs. or anyone who has 
ideas for programs, is welcome to 
stOp by the office in the Commuter 
Lounge and say "hi." 

1984 Graduation 
Awards Presented 

Several faculty members ana 
ReveDe gradualts we~ honored 
last June at Revellc's commence-
ment ceremony. Blo!ogy Professor 
Paul Saltman and Economics 
Professor Joel Sobel were voted the 
most outstanding Itachers by the 
graduating class of 1984. Also 
honored by the seniors was liz 
Myers-Chamberlin. who received 
the outstanding service award. The 
facuIty, in rum, chose several 
Revelle graduates to receive 
campus-wide departmental 
awards. Three of the five hono~d 
were Timothy Dresselhaus, who 
received the Armin Rappapon 
award in history; Uny Show, who 
received the Sheng Ma award in 
physics; and Scott Levinson, who 
was awarded the Harold Urey 
prize in chemistry. 

In addition, nine seniors 
~ceived scholarships awarded by 
the Revelle Parents Fund for 
excellence in a major (graduating 
with a grade point averageon.90r 
higher in their major) as weD as in 
the Revelle requirements. The 
honored stUdents we~ William 
Coleman, Anthony Wong. Jeff 
Golden, De-Kai Woo, Donna 
Klugman, Geoffrey Sive. Tom 
Henderson, Stephen 01..eary and 
John Chaumov. 

Congratulations to at of them. 



" 

An American Embarrassed-Unabridged 
By MARK BREITEN BERG 

The final episode oj our wme'n'roads 
adventure begins in Florence, Italy. 

W HATS AMAZING about . Florence is the sheer denSity of its an. Whereas most 
cities offer a few museums fuD of 
paintings and 'sculpture , all of Florence 
is more or less one huge gallery. It is 
impossible to avoid a Michelangelo or 
Donatello sculpture, or a building 
designed by Brunelleschi ; they're 
everywhere . 

But as for the traditional sights of 
these hallowed cilles, I keep feeling that 
someone has read all the books and 
history and then created Venice or 
Florence. They don 't seem real. I 
der ided that I was happier with my 
,d- , of Italy, formed by Forster's novels 
.. , -:ihelley and Dante, happier with 
Vasari's Michelangelo or Brunelleschi's 
dome as described by my an books, 
than I was with actually seeing them. 

Ghibeni's doors, for example-such a 
splendid story of the great contest 

. among aD the great Florentine anists, 
and how Ghibeni's revolutionary use of 
space and perspective defeated the 
better technicians. Then to actually see 
them: green, tarnished , incomplete , aU 
spied briefly through the pack of 
tOurists and cluttered postcard stands. 

Nevenheless, I did manage to restrain 
my preconceptions enough to ' 
thoroughly enjoy the remarkable Uffizi 
Gallery. 

After a day of discovering an, I found 
myself sitting at a sidewalk cafe amid a 
torrential downpour reading Don 
Quixote, sipping a beer and watching 
accidents happen. There was a four-lane 
circle of traffic directly in front of me 
into which four two-laned streets 
merged , not unlike a pinwheel. Given 
the rain , the general impatience and 
fecklessness of Italian drivers, and an 
occasional tour bus which obstructed 
everyone's view, the total of just four 
accidents I saw in an hour seemed 
small. 

The best pan of these mini-dramas 
was always the heated, passionate 
discussion which followed the conision . 
Italians , I soon realized, have raised the 
act of bitter argumentation and mutual 
insult to an an form. I firmly believe that 
one of the reasons they drive so 
recklessly is just for the opponunity to 
scream at someone following the 
inevitable accident. This was sidewalk 
entertainment that surpassed anything I 
had seen in France, and it seemed to 
me the clearest, most authentic 
expression of the indomitable Italian 
spirit I had ye t encountered . 

Rome 
My first objective after arriving at this 

ancient capital was to rendezvous with 
twO Australian women whom I had met 
on the tr.lin returning from Bordeaux. 
They had promised to leave me a 
message at the American Express office, 
and sure enough, when I finaDy found 
the office there was a nore leading me 
to their pension. The three of us were 
inseparable in Rome, and stayed 
together as far as Brindisi, my final stop 
before depaning for Greece. 

I had heard many horror stories about 
the crowds in Rome in August and 
about the street thieves and 
pickpockets, who were co nsidered the 
cleverest and most ingenious among all 
the European cities. But my intial 
reaction was JUSt the opposite: Rome 
was the least congested of aU the Italian 
cities I had visited, and I never felt even 
slightly apprehensive about my own 
safety. 

After dinner tke first evening, I 
insisted on walking to the Colosseum. 
The night was warm and clear, and a 
full moon added an almost magical glow 
10 the city. As we descended down a 
small hiD, the awe-inspiring structure 
opened up before us. We walked 
around the periphery until I decided 
that I could nor resist going inside, even 

though it was fenced and locked until 
the next day. I easily scaled a six-foot 
cyclone and began walking through the 
tiers of seats, glancing at the pits below. 
It was quite an eerie feeling to be alone 
under a full moon looking out over the 
scene so powerfully representative of the 
Roman sensibility. 

I could see so much history before 
me : thousands of boisterous Romans 
screaming for the blood of helpless 
Christians, and the omnipotent glare of 
Caesar determining the life or death of 
the combatantS. I could almost feel the 
atmosphere as it had been 2,000 years 
ago. Walking down to the middle of the 
arena, I imagined what it must have 
meant to look up at the sea of white 
robes. Just then I was snapped [rom my 
transfixed reverie by the sound of 
yelping dogs, and it occurred to me that 
my historical re-creation might become 
more than just imagination. I frantically 
raced up the steps towards the fence 
where I had entered, glancing back only 
long enough 10 see a pack of guard dogs 
leading someone I took to be the night 
watchman. I navigated the fence with a 
quick vault and kept running until I 
found the spot where I had left my 
friends, breathlessly urging them to clear 
out. Soon enough the barking ceased, 
and I was able to think back to that 

brief moment when I had felt the fear 
that must have been so common 10 the 
victims of Roman tyranny. Of course, it 
had only been a few dogs, not savage 
lions , but my imagination was rather 
overactive anyway, and I left thinking 
the whole experience very appropriate, 
if not a little ironic . 

We began the next day with a 
walking. wandering lOur of Rome, and 
Libby and I began by visiting a smaU 
church of little notoriety which was near 
our pension . As soon as we entered the 
foyer, I was immediately swarmed by 
two women who looked like gypsies, 
along with a little girl dressed slmilarly. 
They blocked the entrance and were 
petting and holding me while asking for 
money. I kept: refUSing-their approach 
was a little tOO overbearing and I was 
staning to become annoyed-but I 
couldn't get through to where Libby was 
waiting. I remember feeling a kiss on my 
forearm before being released, and I 
figured that they had JUSt fi naUy given 
up. 

After about five minutes of walking 
around the church, I noticed that the 
little girl was making her way toward 
me. t\sfonishingly, she was holding my 
waUet! My money belt had been carefuUy 
zipped underneath my jacket, yet here 
was this little swindler waving my waUet. 

At once I recalled that I had just 
cashed a substantial traveler's check that 
morning, and that there was the 
equivalent of about $70 in my waUel. 
The little girl quietly handed it over to 
me, and to my further astonishment, 
every cent of my money remained. This 
was a rather bewildering development, 
but I soon saw that the little girl was 
holding out her hand expectantly. 1 was 
so gratified to not havt lost any money 
that I instantly gave her about 1,500 lire, 
around a doUar. Gratitude! I qUickly 
realized that I had played along 
perfecdy and rewarded them for stealing 
my waUet! It had never occurred to me 
not to give her some money, such was 
my relief at "finding" the waUet. These 
gypsies had a foolproof scam: They 
reaDy couldn't be accused of stealing-
anything they made was purely from 
donation . 

The fact was that they stole in order 
to set you up for an act of charity. It 
was a kind of psychological robbery, 
and I must confess to a cenain 
admiration at the smoothness and 
sophistication of their operation. After 
all, anyone can snatch a purse and run 
like hell, but these women never had to 
even leavt the site of their crime. uter, 
I found the whole episode infinitely 
amusing, and decided thar it was the 
best-spent doUar of the trip. 

Rome was not complete without a trip 
to the Vatican, so the next morning I 
threw on a pair of shons and T-shin 
and jumped on a bus across town. 
Minutes after arriving, I found myself on 
the same bus going in the oppOSite 
direction; shons and a ragged, green T-
shin were not proper attire for a visil to 
the Pope 's house. , 

Changing into slacks, my next 
attempt at SI. Peter's was more 
successful, and I took gret pleasure in 

spending the first hour -there watching 
all the others fall prey 10 my same 
sanorial error. The cleverest of them 
would try and wrap a coat around their 
bare legs and son of hop in , without 
much success. One gender 
inconsistency was this: Women in skins 
half a foot above their knees passed the 
code easily, while Midwestern men with 
those classic tent-like bermudas were 
turned away. 

The first thing I noticed upon 
entering St. Peter's was that there 
existed a few mandatory acts, at least if 
you presumed to be a good Catholic 
making a pilgrimage. Many of these 
pilgrims made an almost frantk beeline 
to the first stop, which was a basin full 
of holy water. A quick splash on the 
forehead and they were off to kiss St. 
Peter's toe, which had been worn 
indistinguishable as a toe over the 
centuries-"getting a piece of the rock," 
I guess you could say. 

Not having been raised a Catholic, 
and naturaUy suspicious of any 
instirution which had decided just a 
year ago that. they might have been 
wrong in condemning Galileo, I found 
this behavior little more than elegant 
hocus-pocus, and recalled how quickly 
Western culture is willing to apply the 
term "primitive" to the rituals of other 
societies. 

I then went down below the main 
floor to the catacombs where the stone 
coffins of many former popes are 01'1 
display. True, I had seen 'The Shoes of 
the Fisherman," but my image of the 
papacy was more strongly formed by 
lurid accounts of the Counter-
Reformation and the periods when the 
"divinely appOinted" pOSition had been 
snatched up by the highest bidder or 
the most imposing army. Nevenheless, 
on the other side of the ledger, it must 
be recaUed that the Catholic Church 
was solely responsible for preserving 
about 75% of the Classical an extant 
today, although much of it, I learned 
later, had been stolen from the Greeks. 
Olctober£csa 

I arrived in Munich around ten at 
night thinking only of a big dinner and 
a soft bed. As a result of the incipient 
festivities, which were to stan the 
following day, I was forced to take a 
room in a rather dreary section of town 
for the outrageous price of 60 marks, or 
around $20. Still, it was about the most 
gratifying sleep I'd had in awhile, and I 
awoke the next morning to discover that 
the opening day parade was marching 
directIv under my wjndow. 

Clydesdales were leading wagons fuU 
of beer and German girls, aU 
interspersed with various bands. It was 
a Crisp, brisk morning which felt like a 
New England fall day. I soon realized 
that the spirit of Oktoberfest meant 
getting as drunk as possible as soon as 
possible, and remaining so for the better 
pan of two weeks. It was 9 am, but the 
girls in the wagons and most of the 
bystanders were already weU-oiled. 

The parade leads to the fairgrounds, 
where huge tents are erected, each 
sporting a panicular brand of German 
suds. I visited several, but wound up at 

Elias Hair Design 
Casual. Comfortable. Californian. 

(formerly La JoLla 
Cutting Campan,) 
737 Pearl St., La Jolla 
456-1170 456-1815 

New ,#WI'; 
7608 Linda Vi.na Rd. 
(MeJa College DR. (I 163) 
Z68-8865 

PreclNon Ityle cut. for women $13 (reg . $,1:1) 
PreeWon .tylc cue. for men '10 (reg. $,,) 

Directional penna ,z~ (reg. s.o) • Sculphlnd naU. (full lei) S18 (reg. w) 
Manicure & pedlcun 'I~ (reg . $:08). Cellophane 'IS (reg. $a,) 

(}ft" hour hdaI now SZ8 (res. S,fO) 
Carefree T.e.B. curl $)0 • Relax touch up ')0 

Spu:,al good w,rh ad wlln sdlll.w sf)liJu rhrOlljth 10/ I ,fa. 

the Hofbrau house , known as the 
meeting place, or better, the corral, for 
the Australians and New Zealanders. I 
couldn't imagine a worse combination: 
drunken Aussies and Kiwis with a 
German license to be as blotted as was 
humanly possible. And they were. 

At one of the picnic benches sat two 
blondes, one male and the other female , 
both with their heads in their arms on 
the table , aDowing their mouths free 
access to the floor, which they had 
splattered with vomit. Six "gestapo" 
types instantly appeared and caned 
them away with an effiCiency 
quintessentially German. Both were 
ghasdy grey and staggering. 

I then noticed a guy who was 
catatonically "sleeping" in the aisle; 
people stepped over him as if he were 
part of the furniture. The Aussies were 
all standing on the tables screaming 
insults at the Kiwis; at one poim a 
woman was being passed along over 
their heads until someone got bored 
with the game and more or less 
dropped her on the Ooor. The whole 
scene made Animal House look like a 
Patty Duke movie. It was amusing for a 
few hours, but added little to my 
experiences at fraternity panies, except 
for the sheer number of people. That 
anyone could carry on as they were for 
the duration of Oktoberfest was utterly 
beyond my comprehension. 

As this was the last night of my Eurail 
pass, it was necessary to get to 
Luxembourg before midnight of the next 
day, so with little remorse I left 
Oktoberfest with the pleasure of at least 
knowing first hand that it was one 

Why Write 
For 

Perspectives? 

experience not worth repeating. 
Epilogue 

There was a circular justice to 
returning to Luxembourg for my 
departure, but a real sadness at the 
difference between my feeling upon 
arriving and the way I felt now. 
Fittingly, the City was overcast and 

13 

rainy, and about 20 degrees colder than 
it had been in June. I had just one night 
before my flight, and a lack of energy 
and an asocial feeling of inwardness 
kept me from caUing myoId friend 
SylVie. 

I walked through the same streets I 
had discovtred three months before 
with such excitement and anticipation; 
now they just seemed dreary. At the 
"Cafe Les Ans," where Sylvie and I had 
gone after the memorable wine festival 
on the Moselle , the old woman still 
played and drank with the same gustO, 
and I admired her. She was probably 79, 
I was 29, yet she was fuD of energy and 
life while I was despondent and weary. 
Watching her was enough to snap me 
out of my silly melancholy and to 
remind me that the whole point of this 
trip was to carry over itS sense of 
adventure, spontaneity and readiness for 
the unexpected to my life back home. 

And as I studied the deep wrinkles 
on her face and saw the 
inextinguishable spark in her eyes, I felt 
not a sense of ending but a wonderful 
feeling of beginning. So I bought the old 
lady a beer and turned around 10 find 
myself face to face with the most 
beautiful, dark-featured, 
enchanting .... Ii:iJ 

Read 
On 

FoltUne1 The author of "An American Embarrassed" just 
earned $140.15 for his story. 

Fame? Tom Wolfe (The Right Stujf), Hunter S. Thompson 
(Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas), Truman Capote (In 
Cold Blood), George Plimpton (Paper Lion), and 
Woodward & Bernstein (AU the President's Men) all 
staned out as features writers, 

Adventure? Perspectives writers, like actors, can become 
anything: astronauts, bullfighters, ghetto dwellers, 
even candidates for president. 

Interested? Contact Perspectives Editor Christopher Canole at 
452-3466, and/ or attend the meeting for new writers 
at the Guardian office, Friday at 3 pm. The Guardian 
is located southeast of Revelle Plaza, adjacent to the 
Che Cafe. 

;-- - -- -- ---- =:- - ----= - -=- --=---=---=--=-- - - -=-~ -

ATrEN'nON 
As1an/Pac111c, Black, Hispanic, Nauve Amencan 
and Women Sophomore and Junior Students: 

WOULD YOU LIKE TO WORK WITH A FAQJL1Y MEMBER IN YOUR 
SOCIAL SCIENCES/HUMANITIES MAJOR DEPARTMENT, ESTABLISH A 
ONE TO ONE MENTOR RELATIONSHIP, AND PERFORM RESEARCH? 
IF SO, Wlf{ NOT A'ITEND OUR INFORMATIONAL MEETING AND FIND 
OlIT MORE ABOlIT THE FACUL1Y MENTOR PROGRAM? 

THE MEETING IS SCHEDULED FOR THURSDAY, ocrOBER 4, 1984. AT 
3:30 PM. IN THE sruDENT CENTER BUILDING B (SOUTH) LOWER 
LEVEL CONFERENCE ROOM. PLEASE JOIN US. REFRESHMENTS WILL 
BE SERVED. FOR MORE INFORMATION, CALL FAYE BROOKS-HINKS, 
ON EXT. 6708. 



1.. Thursday, ~pt. 27, 198i' 

UCSD is trying to hatch a tradition 
By JEFF SAVAGE, Sports Editor 

On June 29, 1979, San Diego Jack 
Murphy Stadium did the jitterbug. A 
tremor began on the infield grass, it 
sP!'elld to the stands, and then the 
whole place began to shake . 

Suddenly the ballpark rocked with 
one giant explosion, and 100,000 eyes 
wimessed the miracle of life right there 
on the grass. Out of a giant egg: the 
binh of the San Diego Chicken. 

Five years and dozens of appearances 
later, the Famous Chicken is more 
popular than ever. The an nouncement 
of his appear.mce at a sponing event 
instantly boosts ticket sales. Nice 
promotion, eh? 

Just 15 minutes across Highway 8 and 
up 1-5 is UC San Diego, that famous 
learning center situated among the 
eucalyptus groves. Generally speaking, 
UCSD is a place for the academiCian, 
not the athlete. 

But the athletic program that does 
exist here has enjoyed a decent amount 
of success in recent years. Though it 
hasn't quite instilled fear into 
opponents' souls, visiting teams have 
often arrived at the front steps of UCSD, 

wishing to tum back. That feeling 
doesn't last for long. Upon hearing that 
they won't be taking on the UCSD Lions 
or Tigers or Bears (Oh My!), but rather 
the Tritons , the opponents are more 
than happy to stick around for the 
game. 

So just what is this beastly Triton? Is 
it a mytholOgical creal\.lIe which is half 
man and half fish? Is it a three-pronged 
spear? A nucleus of a tritium atom? A 
brand of gum? Who knows? Who the 
hell cares for that maner. 

Owing to the obvious need for a 
change, various campus representatives, 
including Athletic Director Judy Sweet, 

,Vice Chancellor of Undergraduate 
Affairs Joe WatsOr. , and members of the 
faculty, staff, alumni and AS, got together 
to arrange for the unveiling of a new 
UCSD mascot. 

The mystery mascot will be "hatched" 
from a giant egg (sound familiar?) prior 
to the women's volleyball game between 
UCSD and the University of La Verne 
tomorrow evening in Triton Pavilion 
(oops, well have to change that, too). 

The introduction of the mascot 

UCSD's volleyball progntnt 
gives us a trio of vets 
By ALICIA AGOS 

Molly Wheatley says, "It's one of the 
best things rve ever done." Karin Kalk 
and Kristin KJ.lbourn caU It "just plam 
fun ." Contrary to what you are probably 
thinking nght now, these three seniors 
aren't talking about some rad pany or 
some other social event. Rather, they are 
desc ribing how it feels to be fo ur-year 
veterans of UCSD's women's volleybaU 
program. 

In 1981 , Wheatley, Kalk and Kilbourn 
were th ree of eight freshmen on Doug 
Dannevik's team. Today they are the 
only three who have survived almost 
fo ur years of practice, practice and more 
practice. Kalk, a middle blocker who 
shares co-captain honors with Kilbourn , 
stresses that it hasn't been easy. 

"Sometimes it's been frustra ting, 
es C1ally when I've been benched or 
Wi n I want to go do something else , 
bl I know I have to practice. I've 
lea, 'led and grown a lot these last three 
yei- I've grown with the program. Each 
yeo . \I gets a little better. Overall , i[ 
Is. ,eking with the program I has 
del mitely been wonh it" 

Kilbourn , an outside hitter, find s 
satisfaction in finally being a veteran. 

"It feels great to be a senior. This year 
I reaDy feel comfonable out on the coun. 
I feel I can coach myself now. I know 
what I need to do. All of Doug's 
coaching has paid off." 

Even though her four years of coUege 
have been geared toward staying in 
shape and going to practice, Kilbourn 
says, "Volleyball for me has been a great 
time to spend away from studying. 
Being on the team and practici ng and 
playing in games 15 a good way to deal 
with the pressures of school. It's a good 
Ol . t, and I always get my be t grades 
d 'lg volleyball ." Kilbourn also 
al) rec.i .. cs the soclal posSibilities that 
tr t.eam proVides 

JmOS I everyone I know I've met 
th r '1gb 01\ yb I .:. ,t te n to know 

Doug Dannevik invited eight 
freshmen to a party in the gym 
in 1981 . But only Karin Kalk, 
Kristin Kilbourn and Molly 
Wheatley stayed to blowout 
the candles. This season, it's 
time to open some presents. 

some really neat people just by being on 
the team," 

Wheatley, also an outside hitter, 
basicaUy agrees that staying with the 
program has proven beneficial , but says, 
"Some days are worse than others. Some 
days you just want to cry. During the 
season you have to sacrifice some parry 
time and some social life. But the 
people I've met and the things I've 
learned about myself and others have 
made it aU wonhwhile ." 

One of the th ings that all three gi rls 
say they've acquired from spending 
seemi ngly half their lives inslde a gym is 
self-disci pli ne. Dealing with the strain of 
an ordmary school day is enough to 
stress even the hardiest of EECS majors, 
so it's impressive to know that these 
women have learned to deal with not 
only term papers and bio midterms, but 
also two-a-day practices, away games on 
weeknights and weekend tournaments. 

"The discipline you learn from being 
on a team carries over to school and to 
a career as weU," explains Wheatley. 
"That helps, because when you go to 
hnd a job, the d iscipline and 
responsibility is already ingrained , it's 
already habit." Kilbourn gives her 
version: "Being on the team now will 
help me to deal with chaUenges later. It's 
taught me a lot about gening alo ng With 
other people ." Kalk IS of the op inion 
that paruclpating on the team forces her 
to o rgamze her da ily sched ule: "I've got 
more pressure than the average student . 
Both In vollyball and the working 

odd , you have to work With people 

(scheduled for 7: 15) is pan of a spirit 
package called B.G.l.F., rneaning Blue 
and Gold Lntroduction to Fowl D, or 
something like that. 

Sweet sees the event as an attempt to 
build more suppon for UCSD. "After 25 
years, we feel it's time for UCSD to 
develop some traditions, and we hope 
this will be the stan of one." 

AS President Marc Boroditsky 

something that the students can sink 
their teeth into." 

What has the San Diego Chicken 
starred? The Chicken himself got wind 
of the event and said , "It sounds like a 
pretty scrambled idea to me. I just hope 
the yolk isn't on the srurlents." The 
Chicken went on to say, "I hope it's like 
my binh and it's everything it's cracked 
up to be." 

"It sounds like a pretty scrambled idea to me. I 
just hope the yolk isn't on the students. I hope it's 
like my birth and it's everything it's cracked up to be. " 

- The San Diego Chicken 

explained that UCSD should be the 
place for the bizarre. "You rnak£ a 
calendar at UQ.A-it Oies. You make 
one at UCSD-it draws flies. Down here 
you gatta take the back door. You gatta 
do thing; with a twist. This event is 

KARIN KALK 

and with yoursel[" 
The future for this threesome almost 

assuredly holds graduate school. 
As a computer science major, 

Wheatley says, "First 1 want to see 
where I want to take my career, then l'1l 
go on to grad school. I'll also be playing 
some son of sport. I've always had to 
practice. I wouldn't know what to do 
without it." Kilbourn , who feels that 
volleybaU has given her a greater sense 
of self-confidence, plans to take her 
psychology/ biology major and head off 
to graduate school. KaIk, a biology major 
who is interested in physical therapy, is 
looking forward to graduate school, 
possibly in Arizona. 

A glance at their record over the last 
three years will teD you something 
Significant about these three women . 
about Doug DanneVlk, and , of course , 
about the team as a whole . Aside from 
winning the National Championship in 
1981 , UCSD has finished second In the 
nation In 1962 and 1983. Both 
Wheatley and Kilbourn a re AIJ-
Americans. 

"For us to be In Nationals three years 
m a row: says Wheatley, "says so much 
about the program and the people. 

So if you're safely tucked away in a 
cubicle at the library or doing the Friday 
Night Chug with your pals, and you 
hear a tremendous explosion coming 
from the middle of campus, fear not-a 
tradition just burst out of an egg. ~ 

KR15TlN Kll.BOURN 

MOLLY WHEATLEY 

Hopefully, this year we'D make it four 
years in a row. That would be fantastic. 
I don't thmk anything we've do ne as a 
team has gone unarPreciated. Each year 
I'VI! seen the schoo Spirit rise higher. 
We're enjoying the games more, and we 
have fun . It's ni e 10 be appreCiated ." 1m 

, 

I ( 

/ 
i 

"./\ 
/ 

La Verne UCSD 
One championship tI'0phy can't satisfy two powers 
By MIKE GREENBERG 

. . DOUG DANNEVIK sat comfortably in his oiface the other day, tiS· iously about tomorrow '5 U Veme-UCSD women's game as if it were a 
championship fighL 

-They're strong. experienced, and I 
expea them to come right at us," said 
Danncvik matter-of-factly. "We will have 
to be merualy tough if we are going to 
win because they seem to ~ways get 
pwnped up to play us." 

What is inttiguing. however, is that 
Friday's march pitting the number-one 
and -tWO ranked teams in the nation 
has much more historical Significance 
than one would assume. for there is no 
rivUy more prevalent among aU UCSD 
sports t£aII1S than La Verne-UCSD in 
women's voUqbaU. A brief look back: 
-19tU UCSD dominates aU three of 

the year's marches, including a thrilling 
13-15, 12-15, 15-3. 15-11, 15-11, come-
Iiom-behind, season-ending victory that 
propels the Tritons into the NCAA 
Tournament with enough momentum to 

~ their first-ever National 
Championship. 
-i982 By vinue of the club's success 
the year before, UCSD is ranked III in 
the IIItion, and remains undefeated 
until the LaJoila dassic (held at the 
Trilon Pavilion), a week before the 
NCAA ToumamenL In front of the home 
crowd, the heavily favored Tritons 
bcmme overconfident and succumb to 
U Verne in straight games. Afterwards, 
Coach Dannevik refuses to blame his 
own team for the defeat, instead stating 
that "La Verne was hungrier than we 
were." 

In the week preceeding the national 
tournament (which was held for the first 
time rver in the Pavilion), Dannevik 
tried to stir up emOlions by saying that 
he wanted "to see a dead lepoard in the 
gym lrefening to La Verne's mascotl .... 
We wiD beat u Verne and become 
back-ro-back NCAA champions. 

Ika La Verne refuted Dannevik's 
claims by defeating UCSD, a club with 
corL'iiderably greater talent, in four 
games, to become national champions. 

The neX! morning at Torrey Pines State 
Beach, a group of surfers swore they saw 
a Leopard dismernbering a Triton 40 
yards off shore. 

In the aftermath of the disheanening 
setback, it was learned that Tammy 
Smit, UCSD's All-American spiker, had 
said to her teammates before the tide 
match that she "didn't want La Verne to 
lose." Until this day, Dannevik is still 

-1981-
Tritons capture the trophy 

mystified by Smit's statement. 
-1983 Behind All-American Lulu 
Schwanz, UCSD sails through the 
regular season unscathed and enters the 
NCAA Tournament ranked number one , 
heavily favored to win a second trophy 
in three years. Along the way, the 
Tritons soundly defeat the Leopards 
twice, and with no major obstacle in 
their path , Dannevik is highly confident 
that the title will again belong to UCSD. 
But Dannevik does not realize what the 
impact of playing the tournament at La 
Verne will ~e . Even though the Tritons 
will not·be facing their arch-enemies in 
the final match, they do have to 

contend with the unfriendly Leopard 
crowd. Linle-known Elmhurst College of 
Illinois, a team UCSD had disposed of 
rather effonlessly earlier in the year, is 
the Tritons' opponent and-you guessed 
it-the eventual victor. 

"Once we knew we weren't going to 
face U1 Verne, we thought we would 
win, and I guess we became 
overconfident," says Dannevik. "We 

-1982-
Leopards take it away 

certainly didn't play our best match, or 
at least what we were capable of." 

The Tritons will have to play at their 
zenith if they expect to be victorious 
tomorrow night, as the number-one 
Leopards will invade the Pavilion with 
five returning staners (compared with 
UCSD's three). four of whom were on 
the championship team of 1982. UCSD 
senior co-captains Kristin Kilbourn and 
Karin Kalk remember that squad vividly. 

"They are vel)' aggressive and seem to 
get really pumped up when they play 
us ," says Kilbourn , who is having a 
phenomenal season, hitting more than a 
third of her kiUs fo r winners. "It Ithe 

rivalry I has made things very interesting. 
Tomorrow night's game is not just an 
ordinary game. We want to beat them 
badly." 

Kilbourn's sidekick on the Triton 
front row, Karin KaIk, shares the same 
sentiments, but states them more 
vigorously. "I've been psyched and ready 
for this match for a long time," says 
Kalk. "It doesn 't maner that they're 
ranked number one, I'd still want to beat 
them more than anybody else. Even if 
they were ranked ISth, I'd want to beat 
them." 

A vict0l)' against the nation's top-
ranked team is vital for UCSD. The 
Tritons can ill-afford to lose in Division 
III play, since placement in the NCAA 
T oumament hinges on divisional 
records. Of course, there is the 
emOlional angle as well. "It was really 
disappointing to lose to them in 1982 
lin the finals], especiany in front of our 
horne crowd," says Kilbourn, a shoe-in 
for All-American honors if she continues 
at her blistering pace. "I haven't 
forgoaen that loss, and I'm" sure our fans 
haven't , either. 

Pan of Dannevik's remarkable success 
at UCSD (only three divisional losses in 
the last four years) has been his 
stringent emphasis on early-season play. 
But the Triton coach is digressing from 
that winning formula a bit because of 
the team's failure to be psychoiogicaUy 
ready for post-season action. "What we 
are oying to do is emphasize winning, 
but do it so that the team peaks at the 
end of the season, instead of the 
middle ," says Dannevik. "We have had 
trouble being mentally tough the last two 
years- we lost to U1 Verne because of 
that- and I want to make sure that 
doesn't happen again .... We need to 
get back thai competitive edge." 

Perhaps a victory over the Leopards 
tomorrow night will be the blow UCSD 
needs to regain that competitive edge-
the "Eye of the Tiger," if you wiU- that 
made the Tritons the best 10 1962. As 
Dannevlk states, "It is nOl a good season 
if we don't win the National 
Championship." ~ 



v 

16 1lllmday, Stpf. 27, 19&f 
S~Ln 

• "" . -:;';; :0" •• ".\ ..... ~~ .... ~ ,.~.. ." -.;.!,;" ' ", •• .. ' .. ' ~~-...,."..,~....... M~'~ ~ ... (I ,.,~~ .. -:- ,,~ ~. " " " .. " .. 0:.".' • 

UCSD defeats Irvine 3 -0 

Women's soccer pitches a shutout 

Firsl-ycar women 's socctr coach John 
l..eant)' is a study of inttnsity as he _tellts 
his uam's deftnsive fo~rd waU hold fa .• t 
against the UC Irvine Anttaws. 

By CHRISTINA KAUS 
Last night at Warren Field, the UCSD 

women's soccer team scored an 
impressive 3-0 win over Division I UC 
Irvine. The Tritons opened the first half 
of the game very strongly, dominating 
the first 15 minutes. Laurie O'Connell 
scored the first goal of the game with an 
IS-yard bullet. The Tritons almost 
scored again when Rachel King hit the 
goal post with a wicked shOl. 

In the second half, the Triton defense 
perfonned very weD, keeping the Irvine 
forwards to a minimum of attempts on 
goal UCSD scored its second goal when 
Erin Aafaedt scored on a header. 

Aafaedt. who came in at the stan of the 
second half, replacing injured Wendy 
Nouley, was very dfective. according to 
Triton coach john Leaney. 

~ith 15 minures left in the game. 
Trish Diegnam broke through Irvine's 
defense to score the third and final goal, 
a son ot dessen to complere the Triton 
feast. 

"We thoroughly deserved to win." 
said an elared coach Leaney, 
"considering our key player. Tish 
Grammar, is injured and nOl playing, 
This win gives us increased confidence 
for our upcoming trip to UC Santa 
Barbara: 

The Tritons havt: suffered badly 
through injuries this season. 

"We've only used our number-one 
line-up for an entire game on two 
occasions," lamenred coach Leaney. "My 
starttrs keep coming out of a game 
hun: 

This is Leaney's first season at UCSD. 
A former semi-pro soccer player, he sees 
a 101 of pocential in the squad. "The 
team is very young. 111 only lose two 
starlers (center-forward Laura Penny and 
sweeper Marci Stoia row) to graduation: 
However, Leaney does nore that the 
team needs to work on soccer skiDs and 
conditioning. "Afrer the Santa Barbara 
road trip, when it will be less hectic. it 
will be back to basics." 

Before coming to UCSD, Leaney 
taught high school in England, where he 
coached the Salford School lOr boys to 
the semis of the nationals. Here in 
California, Leaney is also involvt:d with 
the Mission Bay Soccer Club, and 
referees girls high school soccer games. 

ALL YOU CAN EAT 

ROASTED CHICKEN 
QUESADILLAS with Guacamole 

CHICKEN TAQUITOS 
BEANS RICE CHIPS 

SALSAS GUACAMOLE 
Includel: 2 DRAFI' OR SODAS 

$4.95 per person 
6-9PM dally 

7536 FAY AVENUE, LA.JOLLA. CALIFORNIA 
(NEXT TO VIDEO GAlLERY) 

(619~9-2512 
Store Hours: 8 AM-8 PM SU'J- THURS 8 AM-9 PM FRI-SAT 

It is at these games Leaney does most or 
his recruiting for UCSD. "I specifically 
mjuested girls games for the p~ of 
recruiting. I get to talk to aD the WJod 
players first-hand : 

The trip to SanD BarbaJa gives the 
Tritons another shOl at the second-
ranked Gauchos. -When we played 
them here," said Leaney. "we kl:pt the 
pressure on, lu Sarna BarbaJa kl:pt 

The Office c:A ~ R'ecreaIiOII. 
ASUCSD 8l1 .... LICjPI!I PfBSBnt. 
Ano.JaI Fa! Fes1tvaI 
on the Green 

FIIday, Oclober 5 
na.rn.-7p.m. 
Utey Lawn 

FeaturIng: 

breaking through. We did play very weU, 
though.w 

On the road trip the Tritons wiU also 
play Wesononr Coiege, a ream they have 
yet to face this season. This trip marks 
the halfway point in the season. The 
Tri1lOl1S ~ now 3-2-4, with two of the 
lOSKs coming at the hands of Division I 
schools UCSB and Cal Stare Long 

~h. E3 

TG featuring * 
The Mar DaIs 

CAMPUS RECREATION Department c:A PhysIcal Erucation x4037 

Thursday, Sept. 27. 1984 17 
S~Ln 

. ,~ ". . . . ~'*' < ~ • 

UCSD's 'hot environment' 
shuts down Stag machine 
By BRUCE LUKE 

Soccer fans, take hean! Although the 
San Diego Sockers' phenomenal run at 
the NASL outdoor title ended recently 
With a first-round playoff elimination, 
there is still an exciting, winning soccer 
team in San Diego. 

The UCSD men's soccer team lifted 
its record to 7-1 this season with an 
exciting, hard-fought win over Division 
11l power Claremont-Mudd last night at 
Warren Field. 

The Tritons beat the Stags 1-0 in a 
game described by Triton coach Derek 
Armstrong as "a battle rather than a 
finesse game." The "hot environment" 
was the same as last year, when the two 
teams met in the first round of the 
NCAA Division III Far West Regional 
playoffs. It was exactly what the UCSD 
team expected to encounter again this 
year. 

The lone tally was scored on a 

HQlrc:ut~: 
Wom.n $15.00 

reg. $20. 
IMn $10.00 

reg. 514. 
Indudes shampoo, OX, 
condillon ood blow cry, 
We also do perms, 
hIghIlgYIng end color. 

beautiful individual effon by forward 
Greg Schwarz , the team's leading scorer 
on the season. With about three 
minures remaining in the first half, 
Schwarz eluded his marker and drove 
on the opposing goalie, launching a 
hard drive past the Stag goaltender. 

Rather than sit on the lead and playa 
defensive game, the Tritons maintained 
control and barely missed on several 
scoring chances in the second half. 
Phillip Kenney, the UCSD goaltender, 
chalked up his third shutout in three 
appearances (he also had shutouts 
against La Verne and Biola). To make 
this feat seem even more impressive, if 
not unbelievable, Kenney was a 
midfielder before being pressed into 
duty in goaL 

The clean slate was achieved despite 
the fact that the Tritons played the last 
two and a half minutes shan by two 

74041 La Jolla Blvd. Valid an l'nt vIIIt with !his ad. 

• 

Volunteers Needed 
for Acne Study 

Divi.ion of DermatolO(f 
School of Medicine 

Twelve week study involves daily application of 
lotion to skin and monthly visits for evaluation. 
VolunteeTs 41'e paid $50.00 far participation. 

If interested 
call 452.-4955 or 452-6847 

and leave your name and phone number. 

Under the watchful eyes 
second-year coach 
Annstrong, the Tritons em-
ployed an 0ld1ashioned brand 
of hard ball in shutting out 
Claremont-Mudd last 
evening at Warren Field , 

players; both players were ejected as a 
result of questionable calls. With three 
minutes remaining in the game, Schwarz 
rook an elbow to the face from Stag 
midfieider Wyatt Hester. When the 
official turned around, he found the twO 
players squaring off. and ejected both. 
Only 30 .seconds later, Triton Scott 
Weisenberg kicked at the ball and 
caught both the ball and defender Jeff 
Hohl's ribs, drawing a red card. Both 
cases earned the ire of a boisterous 
crowd , which pushed the home team 
onward with some wonderful poetic 
chants which were loved by aD who 
were present. 

During this potentially dangerous 
period in the game, the ·Stags came 
close to scoring only once, thanks to 
some great tackling by the short-handed 
ream. Kenney was equal to the task, 
coming up with a fine save with less 
than two minutes left to play. 

The Tritons got some fine ball control 
in the closing moments by Paul 
Anderson, and nearly scored with a 
passing shot late in the game as a 
header JUSt missed the goaL 

Last year, in an extremely rare 
occurrence, both UCSD and Claremont-
Mudd were chosen to represent the Far 
West Region for the Division 111 
tournament. This year, Armstrong feels 
that only one California ream will be 
aSSigned to the post-season tournament, 
making this a vt:ry important victory for 
the Tritons . 

If UCSD and Claremont-Mudd should 
finish the season with identical records, 
UCSD would get the nod over the Stags 
based on head-to-head action. 

The UCSD team has played some 
great soccer against some excellent 
tearns this year, and hopes to continue 
it on into the playoffs . Nothing less than 
an eXciting second half of the season 
should be expected. ~ 

UCSD takes on 
Portland St. tonight 

The UCSD men's soccer team 
meets nationaDy ranked Division I 
powerhouse Portland State tonight 
at 7:30 on Muir Field . This will be the 
first night game in UCSD soccer 
history. The Portland State team is in 
town to play Division I team San 
Diego State, and scheduled UCSD as 
a "warm-up," Derek Armstrong, 
coach of the UCSD team, 
commented that Ponland State 
probably scheduled the UCSD game 
for a win before playing SDSU, but 
added, "They don't know what 
they've gOt on their hands: It should 
be an interesting match-up between 
Division I and Division 1Il powers. 

PROFESSORS, END 
THE PAPER CHASE 

USE KlNKO'S PROflllOR PUIUSHING SERVICE 
GIve ycu students an altematille to the Ublaly ReseNe Room. We'll tum your loose 
course maIeriaIs Into bound cla$S I9Oders. 

r..t>n-lhurs 
Hi 

Sat 
Sun 

NOCIWIGlElQYOUOIYOUIDEPAInMENT 
LCNIIII ~ COIf TO YOUIIIUOIHlS 

CUI. WIll .., OIauIZI YCUI.waw.s 
o.IIilHl c-.. AoCC8'nD 

8~:OO 
8:00-6:00 
1000-5:00 
12.00-5:00 

0fIN All ... 
885S Villa La Jolla Dr. 

(Near RalphS and ScNon) 
457-3775 

copies 

:l 



18 Thursday, Sept. 27, 198'1 
-Sft)o:rs 

, " 

• • • • • • • • • • • • • • 

The future: 

Sports. 
Thursday, Se 
Women's ..... 

The Guardian. 

Think about it. 
............. -

Wbatever Your Game Is ... 
ItIake Sure You Have tbe Right Class 

---------

- --------- -- - - -------------

- -- - --- - - --- --- - - -- - -

----- -----

The Department of Physical Education, Minor 
Program will be o(ferins: 
FE 120 Sports In America I'IWf 1:00 - 1:50 
Rec Conference Room (Rec Gym) 
Instructor: Jack Douglas 

students wlshlns to register In the Pl no cl&s5 
should come and enroll In the Pl Ofllce (Main 
Gym) with lvelyn Kott/Gerry IYalley. 

• • STUDENTS, ALUMNI, FACULlY 
AND STAFF .. , 

JOIN YOUR UCSD FRIENDS 

ON THE HUMP 
Friday, Sept. 28 

BLUEs BAND BEGINNING AT 5:00 PM. 
BRING A PICNIC OR BUY FOOD THERE 
FROM VJ.P. CHEFS. 

GOLD MEDAL REMATCH OF THE 
NCAA DIVISION 1111982 CHAMPIONSHIP 
FEATURING THE BLUE/GOLD TRITONS OF 
UCSD VS. THE UNIVERSITY OF LAVERNE AT 
7:15 PM IN THE GYM. 

Witness the Birth of UCSO's Mascot .. , 
Like None Other in the World. 

·no mistake .. , it's 1I.IiI.F 
BLUE/GOLD INCREDIBLE FRIDAY 

,--------------I 1/20FF 1/20FF 1/20F' 
I... ,.. ..... IhI' coupon at "'" flfm doO< 
I'" Of _ IlUE.GOLD and ",..,Hon !he 
I 2 coupon lot haI"')'~ Odmltolon 10 "'" 
I ....... 1,lIon Valr.yboI l malCh (/egulo, adm. 
-• ~ 111."""". $2.50/non-. lUd."l$) 

Sports Slab 

EARN 
WhOeyou 

Thursday, Sept 27-
Men's soccer vs. Ponland 
State, at Muir Field , 7:30 pm. 
Men's water polo vs. Clare-
mom-Mudd Colleges, at Clare-
mom, 3 pm. 
Friday, Sept 28-
Women's soccer vs. Westmom 
College, at Santa Barbara, 4 pm. 
Women's volIe}baIl vs. Univer-
sityofLa Verne, home, 7:35pm. 
Men's water polo, Nor Cal 
Tournament, at UC Berkeley 
and Stanford, all day. 

LEARN . • • . OUR COUEGE 
INTERNS AVERAGE 10.00 AN HOUR 
Ask how you can earn while 
you learn - as a Northwestern Mutual 
college agent. You work part-time, 
attend classes fun-time. A Umited 
number of Internships are still available 
For Information call Jay A. Goldby, 
Director of Marketing (619) 234·3111 

The Quiet Company 
NOII'HwuniN 'o4l.ITUAlLIfl . _w_u IlBI 

Thursday, Sept. 27. 1984 19 
S~a.TS . 

x .... .~ ' N ... v~ .. 

By KATHY ODELL 
Tired of your donn room? Bored with 

Cluster Ubrary? Need a change of pace 
but unable [0 alTord a Carribean cruise? 
Then a workshop is just what you need. 
Workshops are one-day activity classes 
geared to teach a speCific skill-
everything from bike maintenance to 

how [0 srall< wildflowers. They are 
sponsored by the Office of Campus 
Recreation , and their topics change 
quarterly to allow students to dabble in a 
wide variety of activities. Workshops are 
inexpensive and convenient-they are 
all olTered on campus-and they allow 
you to get away from your textbooks fo 
a while and relax. 

This quarter, OCR.is proud to present 
the follOWing: 
AUTO 
MAINTENANCE: Undersranding the 
mysteries of the CAR makes fixing your 
lean, mean, fighting machine easier. Join 
Mel Ginsberg, master of the 'mobile , on 
Saturday, October 20, and learn to 
recognize what must be done, how often 
it must be done, and how to do it 
yourself so that your sole means of 
transportation will continue [0 run. This 
one-day workshop will cover brakes, 
lubrication, heating and cooling systems, 
tires and general maintenance tips. 
Time will also be allotted for students to 
gain greasy hands-on experience in 
tuning up their cars and changing the 
oil. 

COLOR ANALYSIS: For this workshop 
on Saturday, October 27, Liana FIelds. a 
professional model , dancer and singer, 
has been invited to UCSD to leach 
students how to detennine their "best 
colors." A recent push in fas hion is 
towards categorizing people into the 
four seasons and encouraging 
appearance-conscious consumers to buy 
clothes which faU into their seasonal 
palates. Liana is trained to aid 
individuals in selecting their best colors 
for wardrobes, makeup and accessories. 
She will discuss how color alters 
personality and facial structure, as well 
as how we view one another. Included 
in the cost of this workshop are color 
swatches for each participant to bring 
home. 
MAKE YOUR OWN CHRISTMAS 
CARDS: Tired of never discovering just 
the right card at the Hallmark store? 
This evening workshop is deSigned to 
allow you to create your own 
masterpieces to send to family and 
friends. Making your own cards is not 
only a way of expressing your true self, 
but also a way to save those hard-

lGngelf Waldng-On-....... 
In 19a1 Johann Hur/inger of Austria walked 

on his hands from VIenna to Paris in 55 daily 
1O-hour stints. covering a distance of 871 miles. 

AJaT long dt.tance wtns handI down when 
" comet to Irnrnedlate a.dIt for 

Inc:ompIete caUl and wrong runberL 

, 

iA.ogelfllieyele Raee 
The longest one-day "rrtOS$IJd start" race is the 551-620 km 
(342-385 miles) Bordeaux·PoIis event In 19ft 
Hermon van Springe! C1WIIogsd 41186 km/hr (29.32 mph) 
covering 584.5 km (362.4 miles) in 13 he J5 min. 18 sec. 
AJaT long dlltollce ...... good tlmellOII tor you, too 

-with dllCOUnII of up to 60% ewry _ 

Nobody can match AJaT tor ICIYIngI and ... 't'Ic:e: 
• ..,... dIIcounII...,1ngI. 60% dIIccM.nI nights and WMkendL 
• ~ CNdIt for Incomplete calli and wrong numbers. 
• Cellil 110m ~ ..... to anywhere, anytime. 
• 2A-hour opteIuIor GIll ItOI ICe. 
• Quality that IOUndI CIS cIoIe as next doot 
W. a wIMIng combination. Why ..me for .... 1 

Visit the display in the University Bookstore. 

IIIIIVEIiSITY IIlIallsnlll 
COMPUTER CENTER 

452-4291 

~ 
J 

JI 
11 ~J 
If 
If h 
i 
0 

earned dollars. Mark Thursday, 
November 15, for this very special 
holiday class. 
HOUDAY COOKING SERIES: Join 
Chef Julia Burke-Engstrom in these 
mouth-watering, epicurean fanrasies. 
These incredibly edible experiences will 
begin on October 20 and run for five 
consecutive Saturdays. Sign up for one, 
twO or all five . The first class of the 
series is Appetizers. Remember, the 
goodies that start a party, seance or 
Monday Night FromaU game can often 
be the most memorable . Following 
lallOSn rolls and mushroom turnovers 
will be Soups. Say JtOQdbye to 
Campbell's and heBo to seafood bisque 
and gazpacho made from scratch. Then 
say bonjour to Cookies. the third class 
of this delicious series. Featured win be 
lemon bars. Oorentines and traditional 
tea cakes as wen as other holiday 
favorites. Then join Julia for Vegerarian 
Dinners and learn to successfully use 
vegerables, dairy products and grains in 
place of meat. Concluding the holiday 
cooking series is an annual favorite: 
Chocolate. ~ 

II.III.F. 
ON THE HUMP 

FRIDAY 
5:00PM 

, 

III 
• 

'" 

Ot 
Ot 
an 
Ot 

-

• Ot 
~ 
-
-G 
U 

• C 
G 
-

"E 
G 
:l 
l!) 
C 
tj 
::» 
w 
&. 
... 

C 
-



20 Thu/lday. Sepl. 27. 198-1 

CIMslfted ~Ing space Is sofd In 
IOO-chl:racter Increments. Each 
Ieaer. punClUMfon INIrtc and space 
between words Is considered a 
character. with capital letters 
CO&M1tIng as two cMracters. The rate 
Is $1 per 100 characters for students 
and $3 per 100 cMracters for non-
students. You must come by the ofrlce 
or mall In )'OUr ad. as we require 
payment In ~nce of publlaltlon. 
DNdllnes are 5 pm Tuesday for 
Thursday's ".per. 5 pm Friday for 
Monday' s paper. For more 
Information call 452-3466. The 
Guardian, UC:SO. 8-016. La Jolla, CA 
92093. 

Ole amigos. Delta Sigma Phi Margarita 
Fiesta. Fri.. Sept 28.8:00 pm. 19/271 
weivnoynac ta won nekat gnieb spu 
ngisssalc cer. 19/271 
RESEARCH PROBLEMS? All levels. 
Foreign students welcomel Thesis 
CDunseling. Dr. Arnold. 213-477-8474. 
19/271 
Hump? Humpl BGIF? BGIFI Friday? 
Yeahl But I hardly kne\Nyc>u .... xxoo: s.G. 
19/271 
Assemblies of God students: Please call 
Pastor Steve at 459-5666 or 455-1264. 
19/271 
Delta Sigma Phi is the fratemity that 
stresses academics. See us for more info. 
19/271 
YARD SALE Slx1 10-5. 8454 Paseo del 
Ocaso. 2 bl s ot Scripps. Beet dolls. 
framed pictures. chairs. 19/27) 
Oh my goshl Rec classes are Just totally 
cool. I simply must sign up today. (9/27) 
Keyist/synthist-New. all-pro band 
needs your abilities. Call Mike or Larry. 
294-8076. (10/1) 
Your fellow student noise-makers; 
UMBO SlAM. need )Uur support at the 
Spirit club. 1130 Buenos Ave. off ot 
Morena around I~ Saturday the 29th 
and Friday the 5th. 21 and up. Merci 
Beaucoup. PO/I) 
BGIF is TOMORROWn Music, tooc:I. fun 
begins at 5 pm on the Hump. 19/27) 
Shades and skinny tie party/da'lce 
presented by the Ski Club. refreshments 
9:00 Fri. 28. Rec Gym Partyl19/271 
WRITERS: Come to the Guardian nevv 
writers' meeting. Friday at 3 pm in the 
Guardian otrice. ~ southeast of 

Revel~ Plaza. adjacent to the Che Cafe. 
Find out I/IIhat makes the Guardian tick. 
and hovv you can make it tick better. 
IThose who attended last week need 
not come to this meeting.) (9/271 
AnENTION: Need Stornecessities?We 
buy usedJeo.velry. Call JC 274-22068-10 
am. (9/27) 
S360 INeekty /up mailing circularsl No 
bosses/quotasl Sinc~1y interested rush 
self-addressed envelope: Division 
Headquarters, Box 464CFW. 
Woodstock. IL 60098. /10/221 
Be one of the best. Delta Sigma Phi 
fratemity rush begins Sept 24. Come to 
our info table-Revelle. 19/27) 
Daughters of lesbian mothers needed 
for study. Only small amount of your 
time needed. Please helpl Call JuUe 
Schwartz 459-2100. (10/181 
Warren Commuterll Special Academic 
Advising Session for youll Thurs. 
9/27/84 at 5:00 pm in Warren Provost 
office. Will answer all questions on 
add/drop, class info. etc. All are 
welcome. 19/27/ 

Insurance Warl We'll beat any price or 
VIle don't want your business. TId<ets, 
accidents . sports cars . good 
driver/student discounts: all vvelcome. 
Call 286-1135. Request UCSD Plan. 
/11/291 
Food. Music. Funl BGIFI 5 pm Friday. 
Sept. 28 on the Hump. Witness the birth 
of a UCSD starl (9/27/ 

NIIII.~HII! 
Tomas moped. good condition but 
needs tuneup. 450-0781. SUe. S225 or 
best 19/27) 
3 used sofabeds, queen and loveseat 
sizes. very good condition. 459-9411 
evenings. $40 each or ofter. (9/27) 
' 78 Ford Must. AM/FM casso 68,000 
miles. Good condo S2,7oo obo. Caroline 
457-3074 or 459-9541. (10/8) 
For sa~ brand ne\N Hevv~tt Packard 
calculator (Model 16c1; sao. Call Gabriel 
453-9878. 110/1) 
Moped; Honda Urban Express: excellent 
condition. great gas saverl Only S3SO 
lincludes helmetl. carl Donna/4~ 
2154. (10/1) 
81 Suzuki GS450L motorcycle 5700. and 
a Beta VCR portable w/C2fflera S6SO. 
call 452-0838 evenings. 19/271 
Aute-Reynolds sterling silver dosed 
hole xlnt condition $475. 429-1696. 
leave message please. (9/27) 
Apple 11+2 disk drY gm screen 64K saSO. 
caN Ross. 271-9216 eves. (9/271 
Buick Riviera 1976 full equipped. Low 
miles. Sl6OO/best Caft Luis. 452-8480. 
Great condition. 110/1) 
8 ft sofa and matching love seat. SI30 tor 
both. Desk and lamp. $40. Misc. tabIes-
cheap. Brian. 457-5843 mom. (9/27) 

HP~ICV with time module. in ex condo 
all maruals and case included. call Jim. 
453-6872 and make ofter. (10/11 
1974 Honda Civic. 5500 miles SI500. 
Good transportation car. W /car a::Ner. 
etc. call John. 483-5429. (10/1) 
crothers designer-labels for men and 
IM)mert, i.e. Ra~ Lauren. etc. Some 
ne'N. mostly used. aft inexpensive. Can 
459-5232 anytirne. (10/1/ 
AJTONS: Bed and couch in one. 
Handmade ot 100% cotton. comfortable 
and affordab~. Golden Moon. 274-
4574. (10/4) 
For Sa~: 1969 red bug-good condition 
with stereo-must sell-SIBOO. Call Paul 
458-9569 after 4 pm. (9/27) 
66 Ford LTD-runs exc~lent. very clean. 
good MPG. great transportation, SSOO. 
453-0146. (9/27/ 
1976 Honda CB-550 motorcycle. 
Cheap/reliable transportation. Good 
condition. S6OO. Call WaIt/455-9535. 
(10/1/ 
1972 VW SUpe~~: ne\N rebuilt 
engine. Needs bOdy work. but runs 
great $1300. Call .Jemy/458-1230 eves. 
/10/11 
1976 VW Dasher: runs great S15OO. call 
Jenny/235-4 550 \NeekdayS 9-5 am until 
9/28 or eves. at 458-1230. (10/1/ 
1981 Yamaha Seca 550. 51.000. Great 
bike. Call 423-3078 evenings. (9/27/ 
1974 Ford Pinto Wagon. Auto. ne\N 
brakes. steel radials, shoCks. custom 
wheels. radio. roof rad<. SIOOO. 454-
2089. PO/II) 
Moving Sale: Double bed with springs 
frame S40. Shelves S30. Desk 560. All 
almost new. leave message 453-1094. 
(9/27) 

Technics st~ steal! Sl71inear tracking 
tum~ & receiver/amp. Both ne\N in 
box with warranty cardl Cost S6OO. sell 
both for $495. Top line perfect condition. 
Leave message. 453-1094 to see & hear. 
(9/27/ 

klHHt61111111 
Want~d : Guardian writers. No 
experience necessary. just drive. 
enthusiasm, and a thirst for fame and 
bucks. Come to the new writers· 
meeting. this Friday at 3 pm at the 
Guardian oflices (southeast uf Revelle). 
19/27) 
ATTENDANT (female) by disabled 
young profeS!ional woman. Part 
time/full time. Must be seIf-motivated. 
eflident, reUable, energetic. Personal 
care (experience unnecessl. 

hous~cleaning, cooking. laundry. 
shopping. drMng. Own car. Ask for Sue 
272-9367 (Pacific Beach). (10/11 
Wanted: Bio 14 text. Biology: The I-lJman 
Approach, ~ ShenncrI. cal 457-4096 

a~r 6 pm for Christina. (9/27) 
Needed: students irutcsted in sta)«lg 
in shape-sign up for Campus Re<;'s 
aerobic classes. (9/27) 
Drummer wanted for punk inftuenced 
original rocJc band. call .Joe. 457-2041. 
(10/1) 
Roommate needed. respon. to share 
condo near UCSD. Pool. jac. 5250. 1/3 
util. 453-7448. /10/1) 
Wanted: Entrusiastlc studenIs. (irot.r1d 
floor opportunity to leam sales skills in a 
dynamIc high growth industry. 
Comfortable relaJaed otrice next to 
UCSO. Contact Steve Rohrllck at 
Southvvest Interconnect. 487-3044. 
19/271 

WORD PROCESSING. Resumes, papers 
51 per page. Composition. Same day. 
ALFAS.I.T.S. 454-862a (9/27) 
GMA T/LSA T ruTOR. PhD student 
Former instructor for major US test-prep 
center; 4 years teaching ~ierlCe. 
Intensive. ana~c rrrthod. IVltkevv 
459-761J2. eves. 110/8) 
TVPJNG- SI.25/page. FAST. neat & 
acrurate. SpeUing corrected. cal 57& 
1123 before 10 pm. (9/27) 
EXPERT Typing. Also cassettes & 

coq>uteriZrd \MJItc. Spelling free. ~ 
carel~. 459-5818.(10/18) 
Top Drawer Secr~tarial Word 
Processing. Reports. resumes. 
manuscripts. Student rate. Diane 481-
4160. /11/291 

Models. Former UCSD Guardian Photo 
Ecltor /UCSD Calendar Photographer 
now ~roducing higl-quaIity. bN-cost 

~I~ portfolios. Color or B&W. call 
RIch Pec;jaI<. 695-8714 for appoirltrnrnt 
/10/291 

A second Nevv Writers· Meeting will be 
held this Friday at 3 pm in the Guardian 
otrice. Writers who attended last week's 
meeting need not attend this one. 
19/27) 
USA REED: ~ are you7 Remember 
)OUt' old high school flame 1 ~'s looking 
for you ..... SW. 4~3093. /9/27) 
Rush Delta Sigma Phil \lie ~ about 
academia. See us row andjCJln./9/27) 
Aerobic classes STOP. At. Caf11'US Ret 
STOP. Sign up now STOP. 19/27/ 
Karen Costello-lt's not ~ who 
can baIDeque a SINe, Icftp a football 
stat sheet. anaIyi'e a IX»c score. do 
I'lliaDe<DlIOf'IIIcs. know ~ from 

~.Johnson, and canfulDr melt1rougl 
a BIo CDUIW. I guess I don't desenIe yOU. 
TIm. P.s. ~ AmiIoIersary. 19/27f 

AL-.Je raime. It is goma ~ a gf6t 
~arIIl--c.J./9/27) 
Ibtney /)QJ homey thing youl) Don't 
)OU miss me7 From the Superchicken 
(Westley). 19/27) 
Hey all you girlsl It was my bir1hday 
)titerday. m if}'OU forgot to five me a 
kiss you can stil do it today. I ~you all 
sincefe~. Bill Miller. 19/27) 
lost yellow school bus, last seen near 
Mesa Apts.ltftuld ca. S.M.O.C. at 453-
8417. 19/27) 

lOST: btJe address book wIth)'dow 
stldcer on front. If found please cal Erik 
at 481-6022. /10/11 
LOST: tan dutrle bag with dance clothes 
and shoes. 9/25 In H. 1402. cal 469-
7613. Leslie. 110/11 

.IYAG01TA 
BELl II" 

If you bdievt in aD the thinp that maw this 
country grtat 

baseball, hotdogs: appl~ pie,latt-nightMexican food runs, 
scantily clad bodies lymg on the beach, leaping over tall 
buildings in a single bound, the UCSD Guanlian, and a 
host of others 

then you may qualify for the most gloriOUS pOSition on campus: 
UCSD Guardian stafr writer. 

A writers' orientation m~~ting will be held at 3 pm on 
Fnday (9128) at the Guar Ian office (southeast of [he Rc\, lie 
Provost's Office). Be there- for aU you believe in. 



Editor 
ANDREW KEELER 

Auociate Editor 
CHRIS YOUNG 

Contributina &liton 
ETHAN FEERST. JOAN 
FORSBERG. RO NA HU. 

JAMES RALPH PAPP 
Staff 

MIKE AHN. RODDY 
BOGA W A, ANDREA 

HARMON, KRISTIN KALA. 
KAREN KELLEY , JEFF 

MUNIC. JOHN NEE, ART 
SALAZAR, CARL STATER. 

ROGER STEPHENSON 

Editorial 452·3466 
Advertilina 452·3468 

Hiatus is published every 
Thursday of the academic year 
as a supplement to the UCSD 
GUARDIAN. Reproduct-ion 
o r use witho ut wr itten 
permission of any portion of 
this magazine is a no-no. We 
welcome unsolicited letters, 
manuscripts , and artwork, but 
assume no responsibility for 
the return of such. Send 
information to: 

HIATUS 
8-016, La Jolla, CA. 9:1093 

2 fl~ Sept. 27. 1984 

Contents 
COVER: T exas~born Gary 
Myrick has had mild success 
with his songs, but is still an 
unknown quantity to Local 
music fans. The exclusive 
Hiatus interview on page 3. 

Shakespeare . . . . . . . .. page 5 
San Diego theater aficianados 

had an opportunity to see two of 
the Bard's productions this 
summer. One went well, and one 
went ... 

Bob'8 Book Report. .. pale 8 
The triumphant rerum of 

Robert "The Man" Leone to the 
forefront of the local literary 
scene with a commentary on an 
old boolc 

Movies .. .. .. . . .. . ... page 9 
While Heartbreakers failed to 

move us, Until September gave us 
hope from the other side of the 
Atlantic. 

Goinp on page 11 

Q>tJeT photo by Da..,id Orner 

So 
wbo 
needs the 
beacb ••• 
Wben you've 
got 
"latus? 

Keep warm and dry, write for ft .... 
Just when you thought It was safe, •. We want you to 

come and be part of the exciting staff of IIutu& the 
best thing to hit campus 8m the ros. If you have an 
Interest In tv, drama, art. music, movies, books or 
anything vaguely related to arts or entatainment, 
come by and say howdy. "0 experience Is necasaJY, 
but It helps If you can swim. CIII452-M66 and -~ 
Andrew Keeler or ChrIs Young or 
oftlc:cs southeast of the &ot.~-' 
,Che cafe. . "eeuPl:' *" 
,,_ t4d~ ').6 a~ td4a1'se,~ ~ t)le (iU 

J'~"" .\I<)(,:-; L.\ST \\'()'~/):-; F'~OJI FI:J I ': ~():-; 
T() 1"1:' J-:\"IlS. I'm perfectly fine. I can 
drive with my eyes closed. Theres nothing 
wrong with me. Ar~ you joki ng- f fee l 
great. What am I-a wimp? I'm in ,l,Tfcat 
shape to drive. You're not serious are you? 
Whats a couple of beers? Nobody d~ives 
my car but me. I've never fe lt better. I can 
drink with the best of them. But I only had 
a few. So I had a couple. I can drive rings 
around anybody: I C<1Il drive Illy own car, 
thank you. I'm not drunk. I drive better 

t,en I'm like this. Who says I Lan't drink 
irive? I can hold my I:xx)Ze. I know 

" 01 doing. I always drive like this. 
c" wit' .. ..,., lstme. Whats a few 

, hi ng to me. I'm 
··; th my eyes 

'ith me . 
drink 

DRINKING AND DRIVING 
CAN KILL A FRIENDSHII 

. 

By MICHAEL AHN 
The ICene at the Rodeo in La]oUa 

ia the uaualaoo on a Thunday mpt: 
Dirk Debonaire, a local band, 
playins the San Di., venion of 
Laidhack's "White Horae": "If va 
wanna live in La Jolla, ya pta &how 
cocaine, baby .... If va wanne live in 
El Cajon, ya Kotta be fucked in the 
head, baby . . .. " Hundred. ofUCSD 
ltUdents fill the room, dancins, 
drinkinll and waiting for the 
headliner, Gary Myrick, to appear. 

Backstage, Myrick waita with his 
band in ala., aporadically lit room. 
About 15 people mUl about, sipping 
beer and aoft drinks, waitinK for 
Dirk Debonaire's set to end eo they 
can begin aettins up. Myrick paces 
nervoualy about, "ut his expression 
ia calm; on his rore chest ia a roUllh 
drawing of a man, a road and 
buildings. The sketch is Myrick's 
self~rtrait. That is, it ia a sketch 
that he has drawn on himself, but he 
wean a black leather jacket over the 
drawing, obscuring it. 

Gary Myrick's name has a naKKinIl 
familiarity to it. Like an old high 
school acquaintance, he 1000 and 
eounds familiar, but the identity 
eludes you. 

Who ia Gary Myrick? He's a 
II\Jltarist, singer, eongwriter and 
artist from Texas, a veteran of the 
LAlSan Diego dub circuit. He has 
three albums out, and has had 
successful sinsles off of all three-
"She Talks in Stereo," "I'm Not a 
Number" and "'Guitar Talk, Love 
and Drums." He is 27 years old, lives 
in LA and has a black cat named 
Baby Pie. He's an artist in limbo, 
someone who's mastered the craft 
but is still workiftll on perfecting hia 
style, waiting to make that one 
charthuster to shoot him over the 
edge. He's had moderate success 

with singles, two ot which were made 
into videos that aaw air play on 
MTV, and hia KUitar work was 
featured on John Waite's latest hit 
album. 

Myrick conaenta to an interview in 
one of the camera in the dark room. 
h he speaks, curious fans outside 
tap on a small windowpane near him, 
shouting not much other than "Hi" 
to the band. Myrick ignores the 
distractions and continues on. He Is 
friendly . but formal, viewing the 
various commotions with a spacey 
remoteness. He paces . at Ant but 
then settles down, his black leather 
jacket blendinll well into the 
shadowy corner. Between the 
tappinll fans, the boisterous crew. 
and the driviftll thud of the warmup 
band's ba .. , Myrick manalle5 to 
a",wer a few questions. 
Hia",,: You're a vetenn of the LA 

begins Monday in 
The UCSD Guardian 

f-

dub scene that started the G~GOII 
and the Plimsouls. Are you 
comfortable with that scene, or are 
you tired of it? 
Myrick: I'm tired of it. Basically, 
it's not a scene anymore. I mean, I 
like a lot of the people. I'm friends 
with some of the Go--Goa. Me and 
Kathy Valentine are writing songs 
together now. Songs for anybody, 
for us, for whoever. 

Diva. I'm into a lot of soundtracks 
like that, more obscure soundtracks. 
Real early Vangelis I like a lot. 1 
really love blues a lot. 1 listen to 
reggae .. . . 
Hi4tu1: You were doing clubs with 
younger audiences for a while, and 
you're going to do a college audience 
here-have you seen audiences 
changing? 

Hiacua, What would you rather be~ __ ---~0:_-:--:-~ 
doinR? ~_ 

Myrick: I like making records and 
lOuring. A lot. 
Hia .... , What 1l0el through your 
mind when you're up on stage? Do 
you approach what you do with any 
idea in mind, do you clear your 
mind, or do you worry when you 
play? 
Myriciu I let myaelf go. I want to do 
it real bad, and I want to say 
IOmething with every show. I want 
the show to do something, to cause 
aome aort of hysteria or wildness or 
mood/atmOllphere. . 
Hiaaau: If someone walks into a 
record store with $20 and buys your 
album, what else do you think he'd 
buy? 
Myrick: Gosh, that's hard for me to 
say. I hope they buy lots of different 
things, because I listen to a lot of 
diffetent things. 
Hiatul: Who are you listening to 
right now? 
Myrick: [listen to everything from 
Miles Davia to the Sex PIstols to 
classical music to Stevie Ray Vaughn 
to. .. everything. I'm really into 
movie soundtraclcs, such as Moon in 
the Gutter, by the same guy who did 

Myrick: Well, I've got a younger 
audience last year than I had before. I 
had a college-age audience for my 
first two albums, and last year when I 
put out two videos I saw that I had a 
younller, teen-girl audience that I 
didn't have before. 
Hia,.,.: How were they? 
Myrick: They were great! They 
rocked out, and they were screaming 
and, you know, it was different. I 
think it was the visual images of the 
videOll that made that happen. I liked 
it because it was something different 
that I didn't really realize was part of 
my thing. 
Hi4,.,.: Do you have an image of 
someone who listens to your work? 
Myrick: No, because I know it's all 
sorts of different kinds of people. I 
think that they just like rock 'n' roll, 
and they also like things that are a bit 
wilder, a bit more experimental. And 
I think that there's a real romantic 
side to my music too that's 
underlying, and I hope girls like that 
too. I'm not tryinll to appeal just to 
women at all, but I want a certain 
romantic side to what I do to show. I 
mean. it's kind of a tough sound, but 
[ want it to have a sensitivity to it 
also. 
Hi4,.,.: Have you been to college? 
Myrick: I studied some art in 
college. 
HiG .... ' Did you give it up to play 
music? 
Myrick: I just wasn't learning 
anything and the teachers weren't 
teaching me anything that I didn't 
already know, so I quit. Experience 
taught me the art techniques I like, 
and studying other artists, checking 
out what everybody else did, and 
trying to get my own style of art. I 
couldn't find that in school. 
Hi4,,": Howald were you when 
you left? 
Myrick: Let's see .. . 19. 

Hi4eu.: How did your first album 
come about? 
Myrick: I was playing the LA 
circuit and, in fact, I'd blown off all 

pIeue tum to pqe .. 

---------,----------1 NEWMIUVALS I II 1 vcak.1 1 
FOR i i 

1 1 $7.95 1 1 pM 1 
1 ..... 1 

ON TAPlIIINTMI : .... 1H : 
No Umit Exp. 9/26/&4 1 Exp. 9/ 26/ 84 1 ~ _________ L _________ J 

Romancirs the Stone 
Footloose 

The Big Chill 
Splash 

A,g(!inst All Odds 
Iceman 

VCR'SR~ 
P«tY entertainment 

.-liM VIDEO BIZ-
Vicko Mollie Rentals & Sales 

3M7 GOYIM«)It ~ 411-1003 
(In the Safew8Y Shoppire Center) 

Sept. 27 , 1984 Hiatus 3 



Myrick 
continued frcnn page 3 
the record companies. 1 wasn't 
submitting any demos, I was just 
playing. 
Hiatus: Why? 
Myrick: Because I thought the 
record business was fucked and that 
they weren't listening. And it's true. 
It's still true. 
Hiatus: Any grooming hints for up-
and-coming young rockers? 

Myrick: Have fun. Have fun in 
college. Don't lose your mind. Don't 
get too serious. Don't study too 
hard. Don't lose your mind. Don't 
get too serious, even though 1 
probably sound too serious. But I'm 
not. I'm really not. I'm not that 
serious at all. 

Hiatus: How important is success 
for you, for that one overwhelming 
hit to put you over? 
Myrick: It's pretty important. It's 
important to everybody. Anybody 
that tells you it's not is bullshitting. 
It's important. But you can't sit 
around and worry about it. You've 

ADVaTIII 
in The UCSD Guardian 

452-3466 

r------------ $1.00 OFF -------------. 
! HOMEMADE! 
: PASTA : 
: CHOICE Or SAUCE : 
: (MEAT OR MEATLESS) : 
: Reg. 52.95 : 
• • 
• MOtiDAY - SATURDAY 11-5 • 
• • 
• 2171 Avenida de la Playa 459-4140 • 
: La Jolla Shores eocpIres 10/12/84 : 
_____________ $1.00 OFF -------------1 

got to be true to yourself first. That's 
what I'm trying to do-trying to 
keep myself true. I'm just going to 
keep doing what 1 do and hopefully 
it'll come to me. 

• • • 

At 11 o'clock, Myrick and his 
band move from the big dark back 
room to the tiny bright stage of the 
Rodeo. With his painted backdrop 
displaying the train of thought, 
"Music, Love, God, Sex, Hunger 
make the world go 'round," Myrick 
tears into his music with fury and 
finesse. He manipulates his worn 
Fender guitar with precision, 

chopping chords and moving faster 
than a human cuisinart. 

The set continues and Myrick is 
no longer the nervous figure in the 
dark corner, speaking with a soft 
Texas drawl. He's the main 
attraction, the headliner. The music 
is fast and energetic, and the crowd 
keeps pace, getting involved with the 
beat. Myrick launches into familiar 
songs with concentrated zeal, and the 
audience backs him up with cheers 
and applause. Moreover, the sound 
of his music helps ~o refresh the 
memory of a patron who had earlier 
asked his friend, "Now, what were 
the hits that this guy had?" 

THE FUTURECOPV PLACE 
WELCOMES BACK 

STUDENTS. FACULTY 

Mon. - Thurs. 
fri. 

Sat. 
Sun. 

4 1/z( 
Self Service Copies 

eam-epm 
a7~775 

8155 VIlla La Jolla Dr. 
(Near Ralphs a 5aYOn) 

eam-6pm 
100m -5 pm 
12 noon -5 pm 

THE FUTURECOPY PLACE 

DEP-,*, i. OF VI 
Courses Still Open 

110.ArtI ... '8ooIcs 
Harrison, H. 
T 12:00-2:50. HL 1200w 
ICourse Code: 4443) 
Tns sttJdio course. in which artists make and talk about boOks. is open to 
persons witll backgrounds in painting. photography. sculpture. concepttJal 
art. etc. Genre studies will include comic boOks. journals. moralit}' tales. 
manifestos. etc. 

152. FlI ... In SocI.1 COntext 
Gorin 
\11 6:00-8:50 TLH 107 
(Consult Schedule of Classes for Course Codes) 
This collection of courses gathers under one CCJVer films that are strongly 
marked by period. geography and the OJlture within which they received 
tIlei r dominating local qualit}'. These courses pay particular attention to the 
stamp of place - climate. dress. habitation. language. music. politics - as 
......ell as the filmic rTlOIIeS that helped color such works as environmental. The 

~ies takes in the following subjects: Tnrd \1Ior1d Films. The Munich Films 
(the new WiNe of Gennans who made their first feattJres in Munich 
following 1967). Japanese movies. films of the American thirties and their 
relationship to current thought American \1Iesterns. ethnographic film. 
Brazil's Cinema NOIIO. etc. 

151. CrttIc.l Hldory of 20th c.ntury Photo 
Lonld/er 
MVl3:00-4:5O EXT 150 
ICourse Code: 44") 
The course will begin with a sketch of the early nineteenth century 
background of the origins of photography and will articulate a number of 
tile fundamental issues raised by it. It will then concentrate on the 
development of the medium from Stieg/itz's Photo Secession to the present 
emphasizing such critical issues as the factualit}'. truthfulness. or 
representation adequacy raised by the history of the genre. as well as its 
claims to art or craft stattJs and the related questions of expressive capadt}'. 

.. Hiotw Sept. 27. 1984 

relation to notions of taste. tedY1ical excellence. or stylistic significance. 
These will be studied in the context of the de\,eJoprnent of cOlTlO'1erclal and 
mass media uses of photography in the ~ century. 

177. ScrtpIIng .nd ...... Str._._ 
MelngoIte_ 
MW 1~:50 MAN 103 
The aim of this course is to familiarize students with pre-producticn and 
post-production tecmiques (shooting script stOl}OOard. continuity notes. 
etc.). their relationship and their interdependence. Students will be given 
the task of developing at least three short narrative or documentary scripts 
(3 mlnutes in length) from the writing stage to the shooting script and 
storybOard stage. They will be required further to shoot and edit one of 
these scripts and to present the instructor with organized notes taken 
during the editing process. Collaborative projects may be done. 
Prerequisite: VA 70/71 (or 170) and 174. plus one production course. 

1.1. SowMI.nd LIghII .. 
Mangolte 
MW 9:«»-11:50 MeC 139 

' ICoune Code: 4541, 
All advanced course aimed at gaining a sophjsticated control of the 
application ot sound and Ilglting theory. Examples in film and video will ~ 
sc~ned and discussed. The sonic portion of the course will trace the 
evolution of film and video recording and manipulation emphasizing current 
practice and equipment The areas of acoustics. fundamental electronics. 
microphones and recording de\lices. and the general theories of sound 
image relationship will be ~ed. The second portion of the course will 
study the theory and practice of illumination for film and video production. 
The strategies. processes. and equipment for both studio and location 
lighting will be c~red. For th.s quarter. this class will forus on eqUipment 
and practice of pro~I sound recording and lighting for 'fi/m and ~ 
in various production settings (studiO. documentary. location,. Studentscan 
work on the film or video production of their choice. Collaborative 
production can be done. Prer~ulsite: VA 172 or 185 or 186. or consent of 
the instructor. 

Bv JAMES RALPH PAPP 
Two styles contend with one 

another to dominate the chaotic 
world of Shakespearian acting. One 
is the English style, and the other is 
the American. The first, in its 
extremity, consists of persons 
coming out on stage, dressed in 
period costume, to recite the play. 
The second, in a similar degree of 
extremity, involves a number of 
actors very embarrassed that they 
should be performing Shakespeare 
in the first place, and trying to 
conceal the fact. The ultimate in this 
impoeture is to get Leonard Berstein 
to write some music and call the play 
West Side Story. 

Two productions in San Diego 
this summer carried on the old 
contention, and the Old Globe 

Theater's Othello, which tended 
towards the Enslish, triumphed over 
the La Jolla Playhouse's As Yow Like 
It, which was unabashedly American 
in style. 

As Yow Like It used a common 
ploy of Shakespearian embarrass-
ment, which was to change the 

UNCL 
Council Travel Services 

WINTER BUDGET AIRFARES 
TOKYO - R/T FROM $519 

LONDON - R/T FROM $549 
HONG KONG - R/T FROM $665 

TAHm - R/T FROM $5" 
J 

PLEASE STOP INTO THE STUDENT CENTER 
OR CALL 452-0630 

A i i iNnON MUIR S8NIORS 
GRADUAl1NG FAU '14 

" )IOU ....... CD ~ F.u CUll .. , .... , )1IDU MUST ,.. • "NI' 
.... chick Met submit. DIgNe'" DlpIomIIApplIcMkn1 form CD the 
Muir Aaldlmlc AdvIsIng OfIIee by 0cIIDber 5, I .... 

Either come In to the AmdemIc AdvtsIng amw, H&SS 2126. or Q/I 
452-l58O ID ...... ." IIppOhlll'iMt. 

DONTo.LAY 
F YOU DO NOT HAVE A FlNA&. DEGREE CHECK AND SUBMIT YOUR 

APPLICATION FORM BY OCTOBER 5, YOU \IIIu. NOT BE AILE TO 
CilfADUATE FAU. QUARTER I .... THERE WILL IE NO EXCEPTIONS. 

...... mIIer INI. MulrCol",yau .... MwCDfllll'.d .... 18Dunllsba 
I.A. .... ,19Z minimum tbtaU __ •• MulrCo., •• ,...,,,. a ",,,,,",,,mof 

18~ c:auna ,7Z ""'*' dMllon un/II,. MIllOn grarwJne I.S. ..... 
IINIY require up to 23 upper-dMIton ,4 until NCtI) COUf'MI. 

period to something more modern. 
in this case the 1930s, with a sort of 
fascist/totalitarian flavor. Musically 
this worked well, and we have no 
cavil with the clothing styles and 
architecture . Visually, the 
production was effective, and 
Shakespeare is Shakespeare, 

however one dreseea him up. He is, 
after all, an immortal poet, not an 
immortal set designer. 

It is perhaps unfair to put the 
acting into a particular category, 
since it was not quite good enough to 
be categorized. There was a great deal 
of leaping about, which actors do 
when they are not sure what they 
should say, or really how they 
should sa y it. At times one wondered 
whether the actors knew what the 
lines meant; the audience, at least, 
had difficulty grasping the meaning 
from the actors. 

When the lines might have shown 
through the acting, either the actors 
or director took care to suppress 
them again. The Duke's 
introductory speech, "And this our 
life ... finds tongues in trees, books 
in the running brooks, Sermons in 
stone, and good in everything," 
found tongue in the character of a 
vague and pompous nature 
enthusiast, laughed at by his 
followers; he delivered it as one 
would a sermon, and there was good 
in nothing of it. The director appears 
to have thought that the audience 
would not accept it on its poetic 
level, so that it must be made comic. 
Perhaps he was right: At Othello the' 
audience seemed to think that they 
were supposed to laugh at 
everything, and they laughed 
everywhere that Norman Lear would 
have-but Shakespeare did not-
put a punch line. 

One of the actors, Ben Halley, Jr., 
as Jaques, was not afraid to make a 
speech, and also possessed the acting 
ability to do it. Another, Saul 
Rubinek, as the clown Touchstone, 
did not have to. His performance 

pIaue a.m to pqe 10 

S~n' Pr.mlum- $53.00 
Spouse-S66.2.5 
Chlldren-$66.2.5 

per quarrer-
EN~OLLING NOW until Oct. 14th 

--- Informotton and applicaTions ae OII'OIIabIe (S ---
Student Health Center • Q-039 • 452- 3300 

~ nor.: P.e'IIIsed desaIpti'.'l' broctves ore ovollable or 
rre Student HeoIrh Center. the new broctues replace any prior 
broctues de5crtbing rte 1984-1985 UCSO SIVdent Inuance . 
PIerI underwritten by Atlonta International ~ Company 
IXIdef Policy No. AHl1965. Arty brochure !hot does nof h<7v'e 
rte notoIIon REV.DRO.ED.9/84 At{)1965 is no longer in effect. 

TAU KAPPA EPSILON 
FALL RUSH 

....." .... L: ~ PARlY. Scripps Iltach .. 8:00 p.m. Kawebungel Come ond ~ tubed with the Tekesl , .... 
SUNDAY IIRUNCH. Feal.ring ... ChomPG9fle. BIooc:t; Nery's. 
Screwdrivm, m plenty of food to wash them down/ 
4556 MurpiIy A~. Univ. City. 11 :30 a.m. 
OPEN CHNTER MEETING. All ruslus welcome! 
Hll402 7:00 pm.m. SIwp. 

TuadIy, Oct. I 
Tl<E NIGHT AT BOU.WEEVl '5. 7:00 p.m. Time to stuff your 
lace: • I ,at HamblJ'9c:r place:! 

TIIundIr, Oct. 4 
SEMI.fORIMI. COCKTAIL PAATY. Full Ber & Hor$ D'ouevres. 
&00 p .m. locc!ltion: lIlA 

..... ,Oct. •• 
FINAL RUSH PAIITY 

Sept. 27, 19&4 Hi4n&a S 



UC.SAN.DIEGO 

UNIVERSITY EVENTS OFFICE 
1984 .. 1985 SEASON 

Juilliard String Quartet 
October 24, Wednesday 

G.A. $13, UCSD St. $5.50 

October 26, Friday, UCSD Gym 
$13.75 all 

KODO 

Choreographer 
Agnes de Mille 

a lecture with film 
October 26, Friday 

G.A. $8, UCSD Fac/Staff $7, St. $5 

MelOi Quartet, Stuttprt 
November 15, Thursday 

G.A. $13, UCSD St. $5.50 

Pulitzer Prize winning cartoonist 
Paul Conrad 

January 24f., Thursday, 7:30 p.m. 
G.A. $6, UCSD Fac/Staff $5, St. $4f. 

From Montreal 
Theatre Sana Filt , 

The Hobbit 
October 5, Friday 

G.A. $8, UCSD Fac/Staff $6, St. $4 

Guarneri Strinl Quartet 
November 9, Friday 

G.A. $13, UCSD St. $5.50 

Emenon Strilll Quartet 
January 18, Friday 

G.A. $13, UCSD St. $5.50 

Dell' Arte Playen in 
Malpt-actice ar Love's the Best Doctor 

January, 25, Friday 
G.A.$7, UCSD Fac/Staff $6, St. $5 

from Ireland 

NewYor 's 
Clive Thompeon DanceCompany 

October 7, Sunday 
G.A. $10.50, UCSD Fac/Staff $8.50, St. $6.50 

Chicago's 

Touring 
Compcmy 

• 
• 

November 10, Saturday 
'" G.A. $9, UCSD Fac/Staff $8, St. $7 

. -

New York's Post-Modern 
8U1 T. Jones/Arnie Zane &. Co. 

January 13, Sunday 
G.A. $10.50, UCSD Fac/Staff $8.50, St. $6.50 

North Carolina Dance Theatft 
Jan_rv 27, Sunday 

G.A. $10.50, UCSD FaclStaff $8.50, St. $6.50 

American Ballet Comedy 
February 21, Thursday 

Fiyina Karamazov Brothen 
October 10, Wednesday 

G.A. $12, UCSD Fac/Staff $10, St. $8 

in concert 
Pat Metheny Group 

November 11, Sunday, UCSD Gym 
G.A. $13, UCSD St. $10 

Sneak Previews! 
Places in the Heart 
September 28, Friday 

• 
The Little 

Drummer Girl 
October 12, Friday 

Watch the Guardian for 
future announcements! 

Demon Drummers & Dancers of Japan 
January 30, Wednesday 

Boogie &. Blues Artist 
Mempbi. Slim 

February I, Friday 
The Cbieftaina 

February 13, Wednesday G.A. $9, UCSD Fac/Staff $7, St. $5 
G.A. $12, UCSD FaciStaff $10, St. $8 

ROVA 
Saxophone Quartet 

February 22, Friday, Room 8210 
G.A. $5 , UCSD FaciStaff $4f., St. $2 

G.A. $7, UCSD FaciStaff $6, St. $5 

Dance Series 
All five dance companies 

for $31.50 

G.A. $10, UCSD FaciStaff $8~ St. $6 

Chamber Muaic Series 
loth Anni~sa" Season 
Five Concerts for $50 

Theatre Flamenco 
of San FranciKO 
April 12, Friday 

G.A. $9, UCSD Fac/Staff $7, St. $5 

______ •• All performances (exc.ept as n?te~) at ....... --------------•• ------------------t.I-----------_______ • Tickets available at UCSD Box Office _---
8:00 p.m. in MandeVille Audltonurn. For information call 452~559 • 

6 HiatIU Sept. 27. 19° ..0 ~ 2 
o-r """t". 7, 1984 Hic&CUI 7 



Bob's Book Report 

Why tDune'? 
Why not! 

Editor's note: For those uninitiated 
with that world-famous wordsmith 
Robert ff Don 't Call Me Bob" l...eone, we 
now present B.B. Lame, back for a 
second season on the book beat. 
Sometimes interesting, occasionaU, 
rele..mu, and often unpredictable, OUT 
boy from Los Gatos will wander 
aimlessl, through libraries and 
bookstores in search of that interesting 
footnote. Referred to as "Sir" ", 
professors and "Duke" try the coeds, our 
man is )'OUT man. Take Bob. .. please. 

By ROBERT LEONE 

a Character with a capital Cj the 
closest to blandness that one finds is 
Duncan Idaho), and long trail of 
C9mpetent sequels lifts it to the 
status of science fiction legend, a 
definition by example of a good 
book. 

OK, so it starts out a little slow. 

Dune is not a new book. It has 
been in paperback for a good many 
years, in renown for a good many 
more years, and is still as complex 
and. difficult as when the proofsheets 
were struck. However, its 
magnificent scope, skillful treatment 
of subject, extraordinary characters 
(every one of Herbert's characters is 

Dune is one of those books where 
substantial background is 
introduced to the reader before any 
seemingly consequential action 
begins. In my opinion, this is not 
done often enough, especially in 
science fiction (where whole worlds 
have to be invented, life styles 
expounded, and God-knows-what 
gadgetry introduced for the nuts-
and-bolts freaks). Herbert is a 
master at this sort of writing, and 
manages a wonderously smooth and 
steady transition from seeming 
background to seeming meaningful 
action (all the seeminglys in the 
above and below are to protect the 

ANEW 
CDNTRACEPTlVE 

IS HERE. •• 

r---------------------------------~ I 
I 
I 
I 

Unlike Others : 
Professional Fees Included : 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• I 

I I-HourServicelnMGStCases : 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

B.IKh .... Lomb 
.... _MlIIM.1I __ • -.0., se..p.tn 

eont.ct &MIles 
Ifwlll)lapel, 

CAll. NOW FOR AN APPOINTMENT 
Dr .... n~ 

I 241 NorttI ' ..... ., '". sOI..lINdt 
On ... •• ... 

• .. '·U77 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

• Houn. n.s. .... s.&.. 10 - • e ca. .. s....-y .... MorodIIy G I L _____________ ~~MTH THtI .... ___________ '.J 

• I 

$2.00 OFF ANY lARGE PIZZA 
$1.00 OFF ANY MEDIUM PIZZA 

IN OUR DINING ROOM OR TAKE-OUT 
NO LIMIT TO NUMBER OF PIZZAS 

I .73 VILlA LA JOLlA DR. HOURS: 
• (next to TheaIIwI) MON - THURS 11-11 PM 

8 Hiauu Sept. 27, 1984 

reviewer, for Herbert is a subtle 
writer). 

I will not bother with describing 
the plot, but I will state that this 
novel of messiahs and ecology is one 
of the more mind-boggling works of 
fiction I have read. Herbert does not 
compare to such great mind-hagglers 
as E.R. Eddison and James Branch 
Cabell, but then Eddison boggles to 
no purpose save obtruse philosophy, 
and I wouldn't compare anyone to 
Cabell (one of the most mind 
warping writers I've encountered). 

This is a fairly monumental work, 
one that takes some effort to begin 

(but if you can put it down after a 
hundred pages, you might as well not 
pick it up again) that includes a 
glossary in the rear (a glossary that 
Herbert uses to explain both 
vocabulary terms and some of his 
created technical "facts"). The book · 
could easily take the whole quarter 
to read, in time stolen from reading 
other books or doing other academic 
things. That's OK. The movie, 
budgeted at $60 million, comes out 
in December. 

Dune can be found in Cluster and 
Central Libraries, as well as in most 
bookstores. 

." 

Hollywood 
can't resist a 
tHeartbreak' 

By ETHAN FEERST 
Heartbreakers is a film whose 

pretentions far exceed its results. A 
story of a life-long friendship tested 
by midlife crisis is blown up into a 
gross attempt to be every critic's 
joy-touching, intimate, personal, 
profound and meaningful. It doesn't 
work. Fine if not excellent 
performances, yes-but ·emotional 
catch-alls and outbursts in the hands 
of on-screen talent does not a film 
make. 

LA is the place where artist Arthur 
Blue and businessman Eli Kahn 
share ambition, lovers, competition, 
rounds of racquetball and late-night 
burger runs. As the struggling artist 
vies for career success (Le. financial 
success with artistic integrity-hall, 
the businessman searches for 
meaningful relationships with an 
aerobics instructor. The artist, the 
aerobics instructor and the 
businessman go to Fatburger to 
discuss it. The artist finds out his 
lover is cheating on him. More 
profound emotional anger. 

Atnbirion, low, IUCCaI and compecicion canfront Peter Coyote, Nick Mancwo and Carole Laure in "HearcbreaJcen." 

The film's pseudo-psychological 
insights are layered in LA chicness-
as If the banality of a chat at 
Fatburger might lead to the 
discovery of universal truth, or the 
chicness of an art gallery might 
produce profound barialities. Peter 
Coyote stars u troubled artist 
Arthur Blue. Nick Mancuao stars as 
troubled businessman Eli Kahn. 
Kathryn Harrold stars as everyone's 
untroubled ex-lover. Carol Wayne 
stars as a large-chested, not-so-
obscure object of desire. 

To be in Paris tUntil Septell1ber' 

Watch for 
the Hiatus 

UWin a date with 
Lenny Selipnan" 

Contest 

By CHRISTOPHER CANOLE 
Until SeptembeT as a movie will 

affect you the way Paris and San 
Francisco to some are just two cities, 
unless you happen to be in love. 

The fantasy of young Parisians 
who normally ride second class on 
the Metro is to boldly step aboard an 
e~pty first-class cabin and wait for 
the love of your life to enter the 
compartment at the Louve station. 

For thOle of us who live in a less 
civili:red world, the cable cars and 
Fisherman's Wharf contribute to the 
image of San Francisco as our city of 
romance. 

What happens when a wholesome 
farrngirl stranded in Paris meets a 
handsome French banker? One 
might expect to see just another boy-
meets-girl-in-the-big-city story. But 
remember, this city is Paris. 

Those who have lived in Paris for 

Presents 

BACK-TO-SCHOOL 

BLOWOUT 
Friday, Sept. 28 

2 BANDS 
PRIVATE DOMAIN 5 LINES UP 

7-95()4: Beer, Wine &. Wella 
NO COVER til 9 P.M. 

BACK-TO-SCH<XlL-SPEClALS 9-MlDNIGHT 
CalcuiUl Kazis - $1.00 

Professor Poppers - $1.00 
Tuition Teas - $2.00 

DISTILLERY NITECLUB-l<4-0S.SlerraAve.Solana BeKh -755-6733 

any length of time will delight to the 
accuracy and intimacy of this movie. 
For others who have never been to 
Paris or who have only viewed the 
"City of Love" through a tour bus 
window, this is your chance to 
embark on a fantasy reminiscent of 
Frank Capra movies of the '408. 

Indeed, the spunky Karen Allen 
(Raiders of the Lost Ark) exhibits the 
charm, innocence and "feistiness" of 
Barbara Stanwick and Gene Arthur 
in those late-night movies watched 
by lovers and dreamers. She is the 
type of American who always 
wonders why the French do not 
speak English. 

It is up to the French heart-throb 
Thierry L'Hermitte to guide her in 
the ways of the French and try to 
help her answer the question, "If you 
think SO little of Patis, why are you 
here? Thierry embodies the romantic 
aanosphere of Paris itself, from 

courtyard walks in the rain to black-
tie concerts followed by a late-night 
dinner at an outdoor cafe. 

The storyline of Frenchmen, 
mistresses, the nai ve American, and 
the all-too-understanding wife and 
friends may seem unbelievable, but 
not if you take a French friend to see 
this movie. Uke fine wines, this 
culture requires an acquired taste. If 
you prefer five-by-eight engraved 
persOnal name cards, three-piece 
velvet suits, and wine served from a 
wicker cradle to the need for pulling 
your wallet out of your jeans to hand 
a young lady your card while you 
balance your beer in the other hand, 
this movie is for you. 

What keeps this movie from 
seeming to be arrogant is its elegance 
and sensitivity among the characters. 
Actually. the best word to describe 
Until September is: "Paris." 

LA JOLLA MUSEUM OF CONTEMPORARY ART 

[THE] .. an exciting new series of experimental 
October 6 performances featUring Ameri ca s most innovative 

contemporary performing artists. 
Tim Miller Performances Will take place at Sherwood 
November 10 AuditOrium In the La Jolla Museum of Contem-

porary Art. AdmiSSion 55.00 LJMOCA members. 
John O·KH'. students . seniors. 57.00 general. For tickets or 
December 1 IOformation call (619) 454·3541 

This series is funded 10 part by a grant from the 
California Arts Council. 

Sept. 27, 1~ HiahU 9 



Summer 
conrinued from pqe S 
demonstrated not just a comic 
ability, which is an ability not to be 
underestimated, but a real 
understanding of the lines as well. 

At the Old Globe, Paul Winfield 
as Othello acts his lines-does not 
just Englishly recite them, but acts 
them-with a grandeur that the 

poetry deserves. Nothing of their 
force is lost in trying to make them 
"believable" or "familiar." Winfield 
does not treat the audience as 
children, to be bribed with theatrical 
sweets. The production emphasizes 
the words, with a spare but dramatic 
set. There is no banner let down to 
help the audience interpret what is 
going on, as there was in As Y au Like 
It, when a picture of a man with 
horns and a ribbon acorss his chest, 
with the legend "cuckold," was 
suspended from the ceiling. Perhaps 

the Old Globe production 
overestimated its audience. But since 
one does not know when one is being 
overestimated, that is far preferable 
to being underestimated. 

Jonathan McMurtry creates a 
character out of lago's lines, not a 
character to accommodate them. 
(This is a particularly difficult task, 
since lago speaks some of the most 
noble lines of Shakespeare with 
some of the worst intentions.) The 
lon&, ingel\ious dialollue that 
Shakespeare so often employs does 

not confuse the audience, because 
the actors understand it well enough 
to convey the meaning. The tradition 
that actors do not have to possess 
intellect is false: Only bad actors do 
not have to possess it. 

The La Jolla Playhouse', which 
performs during the summer, has 
ended its season. Between now and 
next summer, its actors should steal 
incognito and incognita to the Old 
Globe for surreptitious actins 
lessons, and ita directors should 
follow them. 

WHIT EVERY STUDENT 
KNOW ABOUT DIFFERENCES 

LEISING I 

Yes, there are differences. 
And we think you should 
know what they are. 
Ask yourself these 
questions. 
.. 1OULIISEA a."DOD anMOImIS 

...... 1 
l1li ••• 

Probably not. But when 
you lease your telephone 
from AT&T this fall, you won't 
pay any lease charges next summer. 
You can use your phone at home, and 
bring it back to school in the faD. 

DO I 'ISID alCIEIS all ••• 
SELIC110II OF COLORS ... mLIS7 

No. Chickens don't come in many colors. 
But the AT&T telephone you lease 
this fall comes in a variety of 
colors and three popular styles. 

DE LIISID CIIICIIIS 
IIIPIIIIID FIB' 

Don't kid yourself. Repairing a chicken is a delicate 
process that requires the work of expensive professionals. 
However, in the off chance your AT&T leased telephone 

needs repairs, we'll fix it absolutely free when you visit any 
of our AT&T Phone Centers. 

I GlICK EN. 

Ship a Don't he 
silly. However, your AT&T 

leased telephone will he 
shipped directly to you after 
one call to 1-800-555-8111, 

or you can pick up your 
phone at any of our AT&T 

Phone Centers. 

I 
Hardly. While we have no hard data 

on the exact cost of leasing a chicken, 
we can tell you with some certainty that 

the cost of leasing a telephone this fall 
is far less than you might think. 

The decision to lease a chicken or a 
telephone, of course, rests with you. 

But should you opt for the tele-
phone, remember: you get three 

months free next sununer, and you can take 
the phone home with you. There's a choice 
of colors and styles, free repair, and 
we'll ship you the phone or you can pick 
it up at any of our AT&T Phone Centers. 

It doesn't cost much either. And 
that's something to crow about. 

AT&T Consumer Sales and 
Service. To order your telephone, call 
1-800-555-8111 for delivery right 
to your door or for infonnation concern- ....... ... 
ing AT&T Phone Center locations. ... ... I 

Call The Toll Free Number Listed Above 

Valid with the folklwtng restrictions: 1 You must be regtstert"d for 12accr<,bted I-our. (or the 1984 (alltenn. 2. Valid only to students billed by AT&T Consumer Sales arod Service 3. Dehnquent account. aTe void from offer. 4 Limit two telephones per 
account. 5. Offer explfe. 72 months from lease lI1Itiationdate 6. ThiS offens not val" I.". penn.nent year·rourod r ... dent .tudents. 7. Th three (ree months will not begin until you have paid (un lle first mne months of your lea~. 8. All telephones are 
FCC reillstered . We provide repair .. mee for all telepoone~ sold at AT&T Phone Cemers. Only telephones eqwpp<>d With Touchtone d.aJtn~ GIll acce certaJl'llong dl tance servic I and networks. Copynght. AT&T Consumer Sale and Service 1984 

10 Hiatus Sept. 27. 1984 

--- Goings on 
A good double bill will be 

offered toniaht at the FoI! 
Theater with Herbie Hancock 
and special guest ScM PuIae. 
Tickets are still available to I« 
this Grammy Award winner. 
231-3554. 

* * * 

A little louder of a show will 
happen at the Sports Arena 
Friday night when Qpiet Riot. 
Whitesnake and KicIc Axe come 
to town. Get your leather boocs 
and collan out for this one-uke 
no prisoners. 224-+176. 

• * * 

Also on Friday niPt will be 
CBS recordil1l artist Billy Vera 
along with hia &rOUP The 8eacrrs. 
Four saxophones and a niDe-
piece band should keep the Belly 
Up Tavern rockine. The .modic 
starm at 9: 15 pm. 481-9022. 

* * * 

The much-heralded, "filmed 
for a national trleYision apeciaI" 
concert by the ThompIon Twini 
and special pests happens 
Sunday at tbe Del Mar 
Racetrack. If BinI Croaby oouId 
see it now •... 483-63.39. 

*** 

The last concert of the week, 
and ma.t likely the belt, ill 
Georae Hellion perf ....... two 
shows Wednsday nilbt at the 
Fox Theater. A rone· oily 
entertainina picarist, 8awon 
plays at 7 and 10 pm. 231-3554. 

* * * 

If you are hooked up 10 
MTV -and what good coIIqe 
student isn't?-tben IRS 
Records' The Cuamc F.qe is 

worth sedn&- The show features = Minds. the Dream 
. cr, Violent Femmes and 

Torch Song. and airs Sunday at 
11:30 pm. 

•• * 

For thOR who want eome 
cheap aunainment on campus, 
the Snow Ski aub is hmtinc a 
welcome bacIt dance in the 
Recreation Gym Friday night 
foIlowi"l the women's volleyball 
game. 

* * * 

Also free on campus Friday 
night is the premiere of Plaas in 
tlte Herm, starrinI Sally Field. 
Paues for the film are available at 
the UEO Box Office. 452-+559. 

*.* 

Friday"" marb the.-nd re-
openint 01 the Grove ~, 
located in the UCSD Crafa 
Centrr. A reception ill bein8 beld 

from~pm. 
*.* 

Lynona Cmnon's exhibit in 
the Mandeville Anna 0aJIery 
concludes its one week dilplay 
on Friday, aDd work by Michael 
Bowley will., up in its place on 
Monday. 452-2864. 

*** 

For the ..,.ited eel, "Rush 
Week" end. this .. e ekoead, If you 
are iubsCllLd in pMtyinc with 
the frallemides 01' ..... ides. 
check QUI their inforn.don 
tabla on R.evdIe PIaa. 

*** 

The Athenaeum Music&. Ana 
Ubrary in La jolla ill bostint a 
lecture ~ded "Behind the 

.:; DON1' BE A. CHIMP. 
.:. .,... ABOUT IT! • 

" ,'.' 

. A 0I5c0unt card bUys 6 

. adml.olls fOr $15.00 • 
~"'d:J;J= 
save UP to $13! HUn"t Offer 
expires'" Ie!n. 1981. 

..... OCnllBili 

Scenes at the La Jolla Playhouse" 
on Monday at 7:30 tJIIl. Des 
McAnuff, artistic director of the 
Playhouse, will discuas directinl 
and other theatrr arts. 454-5872. 

* * * 

Juan ~ Terrible, Pan I. a 1944 
Russian film, 1Cf'Ce1lI Wednes-
day at the La Jolla Museum of 
Contemporary Art. Sergei 
EIsenstein', classic tale of the 
16th-century RUIIian ruler will 
be shown at 7:30 pm. Theaecond 

Check it out 

Maller jazz pianist McCoy Tyaer will make a special 
appearance at the La Jolla Muaewn of Contemporary 
Art OIl s.turday. Playing with him will be Avery Sharpe 
on bus and Louis Hayea OIl drums. This is the third of 
four concertB in the "Masten of Jazz" series spomored 
by the San Diego Jazz Festival to showcase American jazz. 
The Art Enaemble of ClUcago concludes the series on 
Oct. 12.459-1404. 

THE ... CHIU.:" 7:50 
TER.. Of E_AII.ENT: 

5:30. 9:45 

WBJIIEIIWf. ~ 3 
2 BY 71fUFMUT 

SMALL CllAll8E: 7:15 
THE WILD CHILD: 5:30. 9:10 

THUMDIIW. oao.R 4 
EXHI .. T1OII: 7:10 

A LA80II Of LOWE: 5:46..9:15 

SAIUIiIIIIlY. OClttll En • 
LIQUlDUY 

2 :40. 5:00.7:20.9:40 
PlUS THE IQ.fI ..aoF: HAt R. __ 

KEN CINEMA 

part will be shown Oct. 10. 45i-
0267. 

*** 

The Natural History Museum 
in IWboa Park will present 

M~ and S..bdue ~ F.mth, a 
film that examines the many 
problems caused by unplanned 
use of the natural environment, 
Saturday and Sunday at 1 and 
2:30 pm. 232-3821. 

... '. 
California American Indian 

Day is Friday, and the San Diego 
Museum of Man is celebratil1l 
with a presentation of Indian 
artist larry Golsh's work on 
videocaseettr. Screeninp are at 
1,2:30 and 4 pm. 239-2001. 

* • * 

The penonal history and 
intellectual life of Jacob 
Bronowski, creator of the public 
televison series T~ A.sant of 
Man, are examined in Jacob 
8ronouIski: Life £!lid Lqac" which 
airs on KPBS Cbannel 15 
Tuesday at 8 pm. 265-6415. 

*.* 

The biaFst exhibit in town Is 
currently at the San Diego 
Museum of Art. The Preciotu 
Legacy is a show of Judaic 
treasures from the Czechoslovak 
Sctcr CoUa:tions, and Is on 
display through October. 232-
7931. 

*** 

San Dicao's Jewish legacy is 
explored in the Museum of 
Man's new exhibit, Jewish 
SeuIement in San Diego: 18.50-
19000 which will run through 
January 21. 239-2001. 

Sept. 27, 1984 H..... 11 



*FREE MOVIE TICKET OFFER 

An Award Winning collection of the best short films to come 
out of one of the finest film schools in the world. 

AN EXPANDED ENTERTAINMENT PRESENTATION © 1984 

NOW SHOWING • ONE WEEK ONLY 
. 283-5909 NIGHTLY: 6:00. 8 :00. 10:00 

ADAMS SATURDAY & SUNDAY MATINEES: 2:00. 4:00 

*Buy one ticket and get one free with valid school 1.0. • Expires 10/2184 

UCSD UniverSity Events Office presents 

UCSD Theatre 1984-85 Season 
MandeU Weiss Center for the Performing Arts 

ExPLORATIONS IN THEATRE THAT SIGNAL NEW DIRECTIONS FOR THE DRAMATIC ARTS 

FALL SPRING 

TREIAWNY OF THE "WELLS" SPECIAL PROJECT 
An unabashedly sentimental comedy about life in the 
theatre that "sparkles with wlt ... with just the right 
combmation of bubbly farce and heans-and-Oowers 
roman e." Starring Eric Christmas. 

October 31 - Novembu 11 

Winter means 'excitement and challenge when designers 
Roben Israel and RIchard Riddell join forces with an 
emerging directing talent from New York's downtown 
scene. This creative collaborauon wIll produce an 
adventurous and stimulating dramatic work. 

CURSE OF THE 
STARVING CLASS 
Sam Shepard's powerful play about a family that is 
starving-not so much for food, but for life-is arresting 
in both its crudity and tenderness. Called a "work of 
eloquent intensity and whirlwind farce .. .. " February 6-1 7 
~---------------------------------

o Please send me a copy of the 198"-85 Season brochure 
right away. 
Name __________________________________ __ 
Addre~ ______________________________ ~---

City Zip Code _______ _ 
Phone No. (Day) (Eve.) ____________ __ 
Mail to: UCSD Drama Dept, 8-0 .... . La Jolla, CA 92093. 
Or charge your subscription by phone to Visa/Mastercard 
at "~2-3793 . ~ ________________________________ J 

12 Hiaau Sept. 27, 1984 

May 1-12 

PLUS A BONUS OF 
lWO GRADUATE REPERTORY PLAYS 

See the same professionally trained students play different 
roles in two productions on alternating nights in March. 

5 Plays for Only $IB! 
RESERVE YOUR SEATS NOW 

CALL 452-3793 


