


2 .\1<1\ J. I t)8~ 

T he Walk for Wcllncss m,I\' nor be a 
10K nm. bur I[ will gll'c In l1ppnrtunHY 
for those perons sulTenng lrolll a'thm.]. 
'hrom' bronL hms or clllph)'sCIllJ III 
~hoWCJ'l! their physlc..!1 n:habllll.Jtltln 
ellom, on :>.1.1), 12 In Balbo.! Park. 1111'; 
evcnt. sponsored by thc l'C~D ~lcdIL.11 
Center PUlm0I1.1f\ Rehabtlltatlon 
Program. will he :1 p.Ked walk 
l'llmpl'tltlOn lor chromc obstruulle 
pulmon.try dl~e.l.,e P,JIIl"nt., . II'llh 
p.lrt1C1pJntS choosmg their own \\'Jlkmg 
distances The wmner II ill be the one 
who most accurately predicts hiS or her 
finish lime. The walk (S open to ,Ill 
COPD pallents and IS free of charge. 10 
register, CJlI the Pulmonal), 
Rchabilitatlon Program at 294-6651. 

o 

"Freedom Summer '84" is a 
campaign lookmg lor '),000 volunteer 
students from ,lCross thl! country to help 
register one millIOn low-Incomc 1'0lcrs. 
The rccnmment nht;: W(II be the hrst 
step m a ten-week project tholt \\111 
reglstcr Veltcrs at public J'SIStolnlT 
olftces, "cheese hnes," he.llth LitmL' .Ind 
other SOCial SerYlll! olgenLle~ m 00 ,:I[re~ . 

~ Ian)' student, 11111 be .Ihk Jl) rCll' ll'l 
course credit, Jnd some II III he paid 
weekl), supend~ The proJCct II hlch 11'111 
run Irolll June I through August II b 
ponsorcd by the Unl[ed St.He~ ' tudenr 

AsSOCIJIIOn tUSSA), the '-";.UlonJI )!Udent 
Educatlonal Fund and HumJn 'ER\,I: 
Fund. For more II1l0rmauon , CJII US 'A 
at (202) 775-8943 or Hum,tn )ERVI: Jt 
(212) 280-4053. 

o 

A possible cure for the symptoms of 
Lesh-Nyhan disease through gene 
transplants has been found by 
researchers at the UCSD Sc hool 01 
Medicine. ThiS II1hented enzyme 
defiCiency, suffered by children. caused 
by d defect 111 a single gene, leaves ItS 
ViCtims retarded with cerebral pals}' and 
prone to self-mutilation Unless 
restrall1ed, the children Will chew off 
[heir hps and fingers . The UCSD 
reseJrch team has been able to Implant 
healthy, functional gene~ IntO wlme 
blood cells taken from Lesch- yhan 
patie nts and Immortalized 111 tissue 
culture Thesc msened genes have 
succeeded I n correct II1g the metahohc 
defects associated with the disease. 

o 

Helping hungry children can be as 
easy as ndll1g your bike Children of the 
Amencas, a non-proht orgamzauon, I~ 
scheduling a bike ride lrom TiJuana to 
anta Barbara , June 16-23 Cyclists 11' 111 

walk from Tijuana to the border then 
pedal nonh , Stoppll1g each night at a 
dtfTerent church or tem ple. The nde will 
help suppo n effons made b}' the 
Chi ld ren 01 the Amencas 111 proJelts 
that lI1c1ude mps to Tijuana to ddivcr 
food and help In formlllg neighborhood 
cooperatives and documentati on of the 
cond itions 01 the children In the nned 
-tates , Canada Jnd latin AmenLJ 

o 

A four-year, $4 29,J 08 grant to tudy 
whether a modcrate walklllg regimen 
Improves diabetes comrol III pregnant 
women has been awarded to Donhy 
Hollingswonh , MD, professor 01 
reproductive medicll1e here at UCSD, by 
the National Institutes 01 Health . ThiS 
Will be the first scientific study of the 
role of exercise 111 the medical control 01 
diabe tes 111 pregnant women An 
estimated 1.5 mliiton wome n 01 
childbeanng age m the United State~ 
have dtabetes, and those who suller 

Irllll1 It .Ire .11 grc.lIer risk "I dC'lelllp lng 
1lL' •• lth ll)mJltllln., dUring prl'g l1.ll1lY 
th.l(l nlln-ul.lhctll \\um~n DI.lheliLs ,lI1d 
Illlil-dl.lbetle, II'lhl .Ire pl.mnll1g «l 
b~collll' pregnant III thl' nc\t luur ye,lr, 
.Ire needed tor thiS ,wd\ h)r 
Inl'\ll1lo11lon . phlmc 1<)-1-:5513 In 2<1-+-
')')1-1 

o 

The UCSD Wind Ensemble \\,111 kick 
Llil the Fcstll\11 ~luslCal Inrercultura 
L.ltlllas ,II nnon Thu rsd.l), on tht.: Thml 
College PI.!z.l. 1 hiS mne-d,l}' cclcbr..ltIo n 
\\,111 he packed IVllh hlgh-cnerg}' mUSIC, 
lectures , Jnd concen s anc.l d.lI1 ce. 

o 

Monday, May 7, IS the last day to 
register for the preSide ntial pnmary 
eiecllon . To acommodate the last-mll1ute 
sLirge 01 those \\'Ishtng to take pan III 
the democralll process. the Registrar 01 
VOlCr, l)lltcc .lIld I') Cll}' locallo ns \1'111 
remal n op<.:n from -1- :30 pm until 
mldl1lght on ;"1.1) 7 for more 
tnformJtllln , lall )05-551 i:l 

o 

Dr. George '. omero, a proks.,or 01 
marine bw hemlstr)' JI the Scnpps 
I rtSlilution of Oceanography, has been 
n.lmed as the hrst holder of thc John 
Dove IsaJcs Chair In , atural 
Phtlosophy. The endowed ch,m is the 
first n.lmed after a SCri ppS faculty 
member. SCrippS director William A 
:-.Jlcrc nberg said, .. It ce rtalllly seems 
fit ting thJt It should be given to George 
omero. a dedicated teadler and an 

outstandmg researcher:' Isaacs, who IS 
considered J "pioneer" tn the conquest 
01 the ocean~, was al Slripps lor over 30 
),ears. 1 he Isa.lcs Chair IS for the 
development 01 IIlterdlSclphnary 
research and IIlstruction III na tural ,lIld 
phYSical sCiences and engineen ng. 
:xJmero \l'tli hold the chair lor Itve years. 

o 

A march and rally against 
imelVention 111 Central America will be 
held on :>aturddY, Mol), 12. SpeJkers 
lI1c1ude Oscar Loza Ochoa. a 
representati ve o f the MeXICan 
Committee tn Sohdarity with the People 
o f EI SJlvador, David Valladolld o f 
C HISPA, and others. The ma rch w tll 
begtn al 11 :30 on 32nd Jnd M,lrket 

treers, and the rally Will take place at I 
pm 111 the C hi cano Park The protest IS 
sponsored by The Commillee 111 
Solidarity With the People 01 1:1 Salvador 
and ChlcJnos In Solidartty II'lIh the 
People 01 CemrJI AmerKa. Call 235-
0485 lor mo re IIllorrnatlon . 

o 

Learn a language this summer. The 
Sum mer In"lrtute .It the Ul1Ivc rs lty 01 
C.llifornlJ , .1ntJ Cruz, b olTenng ArabiC, 
French , German , JnCle nt Greek . ItaliJn . 
Rus Ian and Spal1lsh. 1n only n lI1e 
weeks, students can receive 15 units of 
credit, the equll'alent 01 th e Ihree-
quarter IanguJge sequence. For a Irec 
catalogue. cd ll (408) 429-252-+ or wme 
to Summer Session. UC . D. Sanw Cruz, 
CA 9506i . 

o 

Whisper, the Waves, the Wind , .1 
LII11quC perlormance art work by 
Suzanne Laccy, Wi ll hrlng 135 101'.11 
worm:n, Jgcs 65 III 100, to the L.I J olla 
Coves on M,I}' 19 .II II am ThiS 
Leiebrallon 01 the power and beaut)' 01 
the older woman 's Ide Will he llpCI1 to 
the publi C Wi thout ch.lrgc l or lurth cr 
tnlo rm.ltIon , l.t11 582-5303 

• • • "''';-; " «-'~" 

SCB Elections 
Where do UCSD students tung out? Well , on a r nnal day thC)1 can be seen 

Sitting on the Revelle Founta in.lymgon the Hump, un the gym steps, in the Pub, 
HL Libra!), oreven in Third's remote La Casa Cafe, What IS mlssinga t UCSD is a 
central meenng spot, a place where students can eat, dnnk. read. work, play or 
lounge around without having :0 walk three miles , Thts is why the proposed 
University Center is so IInportanl. 

"It will provide a sense o f communtty that we don't have now," says Ted 
Herzog. who is presently running for Chairman of the Student Center Board 
l CB). 'The Untverslty Center IS somethmg that IS desperately needed ," 

The e~lIn1<l tcd $9 mtlhon LCntCr has the porcnllal 01 bccolTImg thc hub 01 
UC)D Accord mg to Jill &rlll1 , the other cand idate for S B cha tnnan . it will be 
the closest thing to a college town that this campus will ever have. Imagine, "real" 
fast food restaurants, a movie theater, loads of student services and ample room 
for all the student organizations. enterprises and co-ops. 

"We are a camrus with 60% commuter students and no place for them to sit, 
said Chancellor Richard Atkinson . who regards the furure center as "high 
priority." As evidence of his support, the UCSD Administration donated $3 
million for the complex. Another $1 million has also been pledged by the 
Registration Fee Committee. 

Because the California Legislature does not allocate funds for non-academic 
facilities, the remainder of the $9 million must be supplied by student fees and 
fundraisers. 

A student referendum, which will hit the campus on May 21 , will propose a 
permanent $25 increase III student fees that wiD aid the construction costs and 
later help in maintaining the quality of the center. Th~ extra charge will not take 
effect until the groundbreaking of the complex. which is projected for 1986. For 
the referendum to pass there must be a majority vote of at least 20% of the 
student population. 

Both Herzog and Berlin, who are currently on the SCB, fully support the 
referendum. "If we're going to do It , we should do it right ," quipped Berlin. not 
like the present Student Center which she claims was a "half-assed job to tide us 
over." 

Herzog noted that UCSD is presently alienated and riddled with apathy, but 
said. "The new University Center will answer that problem." He feels that with 
more space for the student organizations there will be increased student 
involvement, thus bringing UCSD students closer together. 

Besides the chainnan, the Student Center Board is made up of eight 
appointed members representing the four colleges, graduate students, co-ops 
and enterprises, Srudent Affirmative Action Committee and the AS. It is their 
responsibility to keep the present Student Center running smoothly. They 
allocate office space to the various student organizations. fund the 
pr6gramming at the Pub and Che Cafe, and also take care of the daily 
maintenance of the center. 

The vote for next year's chainnan is taken within the Board itself, and to win, 
either Herzog or Berlin must receive five of the nine votes. 

Because Herzog is currently the co-op and enterprise representative to the 
SCB, Berlin feels that as chairman his decisions will be leaning towards his 
friends. "We're both equally motivated." says Berlin, "but my fear is that there 
would be too much anention paid to the co-ops, but not to the students as a 
whole." 

Herzog later dismissed her accusations: "My job Ithis yearl has been to 
represent co-ops. and I've done that well ... as Student Center Board Chairman 
my responsibility is to represent the whole student body." He claims he'll do that 
equally weD. 

If students fail to pass the proposed referendum , the future of the UniverSity 
Center will be in question. "If we don't get them I to vote 1.1 think we're going to 
lose the chanceDor's three million," warned Berlin, Herzog assured that if failure 
does occur, the Board will rewrite the referendum and run it again next faU. 
"We're talking about a multi-million dollar facility here," said Herzog. 

As for this year's board. the candidates felt that although it was sometimes 
unorganized. it did get the job done. "We've tried a lot of things this year that 
people haven't," said Berlin. "We did much more than they did two years ago." 

Herzog stressed that next year's board will need his strong leadership to 
handle the confusion co nce rning the new cemer. Because the SCB will control 
the complex, he feels it needs to be ready to handle aU the responsibility. "Right 
now, the Student Center is so small that we can kind of play around." But no 
more. 

1969 ... 
Due to the lack of ability of the 

Academic Senate to address itself lD 
their demands, members of MAYA and 
BSC (B5U) walked out of yesterday's 
senate meeting, A spokesman for these 
organizations said the taking of the 
registrar s otTice was their only course of 
action to stress their pOint. B C. MAYA 
and other supporters of Lumumba -
Zapata left the building when it was 
learned that the Academic Senate had 
met their demands. 

- Phil Willon 

1971... 
"If I drew any strange conclusions 

from the contradictions surrounding the 
trial or Bobby Seale, I would be 
conSidered paranoid ," said 5DS founder 
Tom Hayden last Friday evening in 
Revelle Cafeteria. Hayden, who was pan 
of a symposium sponsored by the UCSD 
Committee to Free All Political Prisoners. 
added that he intended merely to "hunt 
down facts" and le t the audience draw 
the conclusions. 

Christopher Canole 

Community collegians 
ease into UC 
By JACKIE AFFONSO 
Sacramento Cornspondmt 

California community college students 
would have an easier time tranfening to 
the University of California and 
California State University under a bill 
unanimously approved by the Assembly 
Education Committee Tuesday. 

Authored by Assemblymember Gloria 
Molina (D-Los Angeles), the bill 
(AB3950) mandates UC and CSU to 
coordinate and establish uniform 
transfer student processes with 
community colleges. 

Molina told committee members the 
bill is also expected to increase the 
number of community college minority 
transfer students admitted to four-year 
institutions. 

"The rates lof minOrity student 

transfers I in the past have been dismal," 
Alma Martinez, staff assistant to Molina. 
said . 

While UC is aware of the problem 
and in favor of increasing its ratio of 
transfer students, it does not support 
the bill. "We're working on it but we 
have a problem with the bill," UC 
Director of Governmental Relations Steve 
Arditti said at the hearing. 

Arditti was not available for funher 
comment. 

CSU lobbyist Scott Plotkin told 
committee members this was a concern 
of the state university which was already 
being addressed. 

Maninez is optimistlc that aU 
segmcnt~ will cooperate, including the 

CaIPIRG's 'Vote 84 ' rally last Tuesday on the gym steps was scheduled to feature 
campaign represenlativts from aU Presidential candidates, but Reagan and Jackson 
supponers failed to show. Speaking for Mondale was Professor Raben Stock (above) 
of San Diego State 's School of Public Administration. UCSD's Debbie Goosenberg 
repre5ented Gary Hart. 

I our stores celebrate our new Old own location 

GRAND OPENING SALE 

Don't pay too much fOr IUngla .... : We've got the lowest 
prices and best selection from 52,99 to 5249,95 
V~ • CarrefQ • 1Iaybon. S1yIe EIIM • Suncloud. HobIe. luccl • loll •• Cebe. Be., etc, 

Pat:¥c Elf€,1. (7.l 
otCl Town 

2461 Son DiegO Ave. 
( nexllo Old Town Mexican Cafe) 

692-GOS9 

Open 7 DayI and Nlghla 
La Jolla 

1030 Torrey Pines Rd 
(next to Yogurt AIIol.) 

.w.t006 

Enclnllat 
745 Flrsl Sf. 

(Lumbe!yo.d Shopping CentEl/) 
N2.ol37 

University. She said the University is 
opposed to the bill because "they don 't 
want to be told what to do internally." 

Besides coordinating transfer stude nt 
processes with community colleges, the 
bill specifically reqUires UC and CSU to: 
keep course and grade point 
requirements for community college 
transfer students the same as for 
continuing srudents in each system; 
admit all transfer students who meet 
specified transfer requirements; and set 
up systems which allow for a periodic 
evaluation of transfer students' 
transcripts and credentials. 

In addition , the bill augme!"ts $2 

million in state money for the 
establishment of transfer student 
information centers on 25 community 
college campuses tdentified as having 
the lowest minority student transfer 
rates. 

Lastly, the bill requires the creation of 
an Aniculation Coordinating Council. 
The council would oversee 
implementation of the requirements 
speCified under the bill. It would also 
hear student appeals regarding their 
transfer status. 

The 18-member council would be 
composed of three representl!.tives from 

please tum to page 8 

MEChA promotes 
Cinco de Mayo 

Every year. Chicanos and Mexicanos 
celebrate Cinco de Mayo as a 
commemorative day. Cinco de Mayo 
represents the viclD!)' of Mexico over 
the French in the Battle of Puebla in 
1862, 

In 1861 , Mexico was experiencing 
socio-polltical chaos. President Benito 
Juarez was forced to issue an order 
which froze the payment of national 
and international debts for a period of 
two years. This decree was issued in 
order to attend to the more urgent 
matters of the nation, 

That same year, Spain. France, 
England and Mexicano creditors 
decided to sign a treaty in London 
declaring it within their rights to protect 
their foreign investments. The treaty 
declared that the three countries would 
establish forts in Mexico to insure the 
protection of their interests. France . 
under Napoleon 11 , wanted to halt the 
rapid expansion of the US, which had 
invaded and forcefully annexed half of 
Mexico in 1848. 

The NapoleoniC, Spanish and English 
troops arrived in Veracruz in December, 
1861. When Spain and England 
discovered the true intentions of France , 
they decided to withdraw from Mexico. 

The moves by the French motivated 
the Mexic<!nos to defend their country. 
On May 5, 1862, the Mexican army 
bravely confronted the French at the 
hills of Guadalupe and Loreto. The 
victo!), of Mexico's forces against the 
larger, better-equipped invading army 
was the first defeat of the French troopS 
in nearly 50 years. 

Today. Cinco de Mayo has profound 
meanings for Chicanos and Mexicanos 
in the Southwest. It demonstrates pride 
for the Mexicano heritage. Seccndly, it 
commemorates the Mexicanos' 
successful defeat of France, a world 
colonial power. It is that same 
determination that drove France out of 
Mexico that the Chicanos and 
Mexicanos in the Southwest vow lD fight 
oppression in the US. 

Eve!)' year, Raza in the Southwest 
unite on this day in solidarity to 
promote and renew their commitment 
to their struggle for socio-economic and 
political liberation. 

This year, MECM at UCSD has 
tiedlcated this momentous occasion to: 
"The people from the 1960s who 
struggled to make higher education 
accessible to Raza and have utilized 
education to enhance our commun ities." 

On May 4, 1984, MECM will sponsor 
a day-long event that is directed at 
recruiting and retaining the few Raza 
st~dents on campus. 

In conjunction with EOP, MECM will 
be providing campus tours from 9 am to 
12 pm for prospective Raza students 
and their parents. The latter half of the 
day will be directed at educating people 
in Chicano/ Mexicano culrure and 
politics, 

The cultural and political programs 
will begin at noon with various 
perfonning groups and speakers. This 
year. Alurista - one of the Southwest's 
mOSt prominent Chicano poet/ writers 
and San Diego comic - will be 
delivering the keynote speech. The day 
will conclude with a TGIF at J, with 
music provided by two of the 
Southwest's best Chicano bands. The 
music of these groups reflects the 
Chicano/ Mexicano and Latino 
experience in the Southwest, Mexico 
and Latin America. 

The first group performing, from 3 to 
4, will be San Diego's Alacranes 
MOjados. FollOwing them at 4 will be 
Los Angeles dance band CaJi(as, This 
band is an eight-piece musical ensemble 
that blends Tex-Mex, Mexicano and 
Braz'ilian Samba into a dynamic sound 
with a new attitude and spirit. Both 
groups were chosen because of their 
commitment to promOting and 
maintaining Chicano/ Mexicano and 
Latino music. 

For more information , contact 
MECM at 452-4994. 

Sunrise to Sunset 
Our Dentists are Available 

• 24-Hour Emergency Service 
• Saturdays 
• Faculty, Staff & Student Rates. 

Call for Information 

455·9151 --
I---------------~--------, ~ I Get Acquainted Offer I : $ 2 9 In!~~:~~stiC X-Rays I 
I • Examination I 
: • Prophy (cleaning) I 
I rh,. speU"' not vdhd I 

8861 VilLA LA JOLLA DR .• 1501 1 __ w! h.!n! '!~ ~~!:. ____ ~~ ~~~ ~::.~. ____ .J 
0. .. 



4 May J 1984 
OPINION 

• ~ ~ ::-. :-~ .. ", ~::;;,~~~~ ~ "'.:-; ... ~ , ...... :->:-; .... ';.,: .. ~ .. .-.:-.:" .. ,~:-.;* ... ':-: .. ~'~.... : .. , , '. ~ - "' "-e-' 

Editorial 

In favor of telescopes 
The necessity of writing an editorial is sometimes 

an onerous one , particularly when one has a subject 
like the University'S projected telescope , One first of 
all , of course , offers congratulations to those who 
conceived and organized and obtained the funding 
for the effort (the last task, in spite of a $36 million 
shot in the arm , not yet complete), If there is any 
fringe group for the suppression of 400-inch 
telescopes for the University of California, it has nor 
been brought to our attention , so we give our 
unstimed praise to Vice Chancellor Ticho and his 
committee. 

What, then, do we do? Perhaps speculate on what 
the telescope will mean for the University, It will also, 
ipso facto, put us at the front of the field in 
astronomy, and because it is near the optimum size, 
it will keep us there . The American patriot will be 
pleased that we will be able to see a lor more stars 
than the Russians (which is good, since they like to 
get [heir hands on all they see), although the San 
Diego patriot will have some momentary 
disappointment that the Hawaii telescope will be able 

tt®lr~lettersll®tttt®lf~n®frtt®lf~n®tttt®lf~n 
lf~ll®~tt®lf~ll®tttt®Ir~ll®tttt®lr~ll®~tt®lf~ll®fr 
Sir: 

The two-pronged altack on 
Californta Revlcw from Allcc 
Angell Green (of the Depanment 
of oClolog)') and Aloln Colle)' (of 
-PUD ) in the Apnl 30 Issue of 
The Guardian deserves a rehuttal. 

I'm sorry that our article on 
sexual dlscnmlnatlOn dldn 't 
Inspire Ms Green to reilsse~s her 
beliefs , hut I'm alrald that readers 
must meet us hallway In the 
dISCUSS ion of Ideas - with 
Intelligence and a respect for 
logIcal argument. Levellers of Ms 
Green 's ilk nevcr seem 10 realize 
that IOtal equallt)' <.:an only be 
.1 hleved through ryrann)" 
because total equal It)' 
presupposes the subjugallon of 
IndiVIdual and group cap ... bil lues 
and Intere ts 10 numl'ncal quotas 
(lor example: hecause 
englneenng IS ., high-paYing 
profeSSIon, should \\e make sure 
thaI an cqu,,1 percentage of 
women. blacks, AsI.lI1S, Jnd 
WASP~ become englneenng 
majors? Or do we let Illterests 
.tnd capablll!1es - which hJ.\'c 
economic <.:onsequence -
10110\\ thclr own coursen The 
problem of sexual dlscrllmnauon 
IS mllch more complex th,1t Ms 
Green seems to understand , or 
perhaps IS capable 01 
understa nding, lor she 
Iremendollsl}, but<.:hered the lorcc 
01 the Caiifon11c.l RCI'ICW anlde she 
was so eager to Illlpugn Ms 
Green Sd}'S thJt the m,ljonry 01 
the elderly poor .Ire women, 
What she doesn 't ~a)' IS that 
I\'omen make up the mJjomy 01 
senior <.:lIlzens Ms. Grten IS 
correct when she says that mos t 
persons on we llare are women 
and their children . BUI sht: 
neglec ts 10 mcllt lon hoI\' molny 01 
Ihosc women are teenage 
mothers , or unmarried mothers, 
or divorced mothers With no job 
experience and no Job skills. 

These vanables ..Ire , among 
OIhers, ,Ill 100 often overlooked 
when kmlnlsts culculate lhe 
d tflerences In wagcs paid 10 men 
and women. Single women eurn 
roughly the same dmOunt 01 
money .IS men, tiut a womJn 
WIth children 10 rake cure 0 1 
cannm pOSSibly show the saine 
del'ollon 10 a job us a man who 
IS not ~on encumbcred. And 
because wome n WIth children 
olten take J few)'eJr o ll !O rJlse 

thcl r )'ou ngsters, women 
Irequclltly lag behind men in 
work experience There IS 
nothing wrong with II , and there 
IS nothing Inherentl), unjust 
about It. These are merel), the 
neglccted fa tS 01 life . These 
neglected f"ets impinge dIrectly 
on contemporary morali t), and 
the strength 01 thc lamil),. But if 
Ms, Green cannOI comc to grips 
with the reality of blolog}', they 
are ob\1ousl)' beyond her 
purview 

For the sake 01 breVIty, I will 
dispatch of Mr. olley much 
more qUlckl)1 Mr. Colley's 
Jacoblnlsm IS well known. And It 
IS quite easy to Imagine him in 
18th century France glddtly 
applauding the gUIllotining of the 
French anstOcracy - for such IS 
hIS devotion 10 the universal 
rights 0 1 man. Thc cgaillanan Mr. 
Colic)" who <.:Iallns to be much 
concerned with [.urness, was one 
01 rhe leaders against media 
budgct lundlng lor the Califomw 
ReView, though medIa budget 
lundlng goes to every left-Wing 
newspaper on cJmpus, Is LhlS 
equahry1 More IInponantl)', IS 
thIS l"lr? As Ihe swdent radicals 
of the 1961h, 70s and '80s have 
shown lime and again , political 
r('prcs Ion on <':,Impus comes 
almost invariably from the Left. 

Sir. 

e. Brandon Crocker 
Optima Princeps 
Ca/iJomia Rt:View 

Allan Colley's "Common sense 
for conservatives" was a well 
Intended, but mcalllngiess 
com menta !)I. I cxpcned a 
response to Ratnw<lter's 
"Common sense for liberals:' but 
Colley's amelI' was 
dlsappolllt1ngl)' Inept In that 
re pect. 

Colic), musl have misread or 
neglected the thru~t 0 1 
Ibtnwaters .mlele. R.unwater 
.. lrgl1e~ th,1t thl: slUdcm s l.:Iust 
rhelOrlc on campus IS dc.ld In 
tht: wilter. II I' b argutng nOl [hat 
Ic ftlsl Ihought IS tnherently 
wrong, only that our e'lmpus 
mdicall. are an oss tf Icd hunch. 
The radlc,iI pre S IS rehashing, 
the SJme out 01 d.ue argumenb 
thelt aVOid [he use 01 tntelltgcm 
though!. 1 he>' -el'm to bc 
SIdestepPing the process ul 
cntl l JI rhll1ktng ,tnd logiC, 

to see more stars than our Palomar. 
Does this acquisition signify a new era in the 

University? However large an accomplishment it is, 
probably not. UC has spent its relatively short 
academic life (hardly over 100 years) in a mad dash 
to become the best university in .the United States, 
and the world . That we now will have the best 
astronomical facilities and , as we hope follows, 
minds, is only an addition to the list of the things we 
have become best at. 

When Dr, Gardner came back to UC to be 
preSident, he was met with the plan for the telescope 
and an imminent breakthrough in funding. The 
announcement of the Hoffman bequest occurred 
shortly after the inauguration, and highlighted 
Gardner's plans for the Renaissance of the University. 
But in spite of some setbacks (notably from the 
Governor's office), the University has been in 
constant effort for qualitative improvement, which 
has produced much success. President Gardner may 
have impressive plans for the University, but he has 
impressive material to work with, 

replac10g It w1(h enormous 
quantities 01 rhetoric. They 
"ppeal 10 the emO!lonal passIOns 
of tudcnts instead of their calm 
reason . They continue to preach 
their mid -'60s tdea , never 
pausing to question their blind 
faith 10 that era. What they fail 
to realize IS that fewer students 
arc reading what Rainwater calls 
theIr ..... musty publications that 
arc 10 dIre need of a gale's worth 
of fre sh air." Ra10water Intended 
10 be somewhat critical and 
harsh In hiS co mmentary. hoping 
for a logical. well thought-out 
response from the left. Colley's 
article did nO! rise to meet the 
challenge. His anicle reads as if 
il was meant to embody all the 
weaknesses eVIdent in our 
campus radical's thought . 

He talks aboul the English 
Charti sts and the AS elections. 
What do they have to do with a 
response to Rainwater? These are 
IrrelevanCies, With only one 
pOSSible purpose: a method to 
aVOId deep thlnk10g by a scatter 
shot approach, which seeks to 
pe rsuade the reader with 
inappropnate hIstorical 
references. It is a tactic that 
aVOids the need to concentrate 
on the Issue at hand , an effort to 
escape complexity. Colley dilutes 
the necd to think by spreadl ng 
his vIsion thinly. ' 

Colley mounts an attack on 
humorous elements of [he 
Ca lifornia RfVICW, and distorts the 
true pos lrlon of It. He says it 
sLereotypes anyone more 
progressive than them as "leftist 
vcrmln ," He thcn procceds wllh 
"Rdlnwatcr's a~sertlon Ih"l those 
01 the lefl dcsplse th..: Urlllcd 
States, we can only laugh " 01 
course they c.tn IJugh , it W<lS 

bvlOus that RaInwater's remark 
was Intcndcd to be humorous -
nO! se ri uus Doe~ Colley bhndly 
Ignon: the humor 01 Rainwater 
and thc CuiifOntW Reviewal' is he 
guilty 01 Intellectual dishone~t y 
h)' disto rting what he knows IS 
humor? 

• Colle y continues hiS 
thuughtless altac:k on the Rn'lcw 
h)' referring to one 01 t1lC1r 
reccnt advcnl scmenrs, selling 
bultol1s wl!h slogans such as 
"Kick the Ru~~ ian ' s Ass," 
Inlerrlng that Lhis IS the ofllwll 
posItion 01 the ReVieW Are the 
Jrlldes In thc l~ l' \ 'ICW 0 well 
Written , thought-out and 
overllowlng With logiC [hat thc)' 
,Ire ,Ibow UItICl~I1l> II Colley b 
gOlllg LO ,1tt.ILk the I~CI/CIV, then 

he should critiCize the articles -
nO! the advertisements or the 
humorous elements. Colley's 
arricle exemplifies rhe absolute 
humorlessness in student leftist 
thought on our campus. 
Rainwater states the pOSition of 
the California Review very clearly, 
"The studenrs who write for that 
paper [the RcviewJ call lor 
preserving what is in danger of 
being lost among college students 
- critical thinking and reading, 
an open mind and a wiUingness 
to know one's stuff before writing 
on anything." 

Colley insist that the right 
believes they are the only form of 
inteUigence on campus. He is 
again distorting the message . 
Rainwater claimed that 
conservatives are far more willing 
to engage In political dialogue 
than the faith-oriented radicals. 
The left contains just as much 
potential, but they refuse to tap 
It. To tap their intellectual 
potential, they must begin by 
opening their minds. They must 
be willing to comm it themselves 
10 intellectual interaction With 
Ihe right. 

e.G, Alario 

Sir. 
I am writing in response to 

the article by Ralph Rainwater 
praising the California Review and 
criticizing liberals in general. I 
am a moderate liberal, though 
not a Marxist as Mr. Rainwater 
apparently believes. I read this 
latest issue of the Review 
expecting to see vicious atta<.:ks 
and unjustified accusations 
agai nst my political group. I was 
not disappOinted; however, I 
must admit there were good 
points and strong arguments in 
some articles. I don't agree with 
the Rt:View, but they cenai nly 
have the right to print what they 
believe in. Mr. Rainwater's article 
was similar, except that he 
omitted the good points and 
strong arguments, 

Cliff Maat 
Sir: 

Regarding Scott Papathakis' 
letter (Letters, April 30) in which 
he voiced his opposition to 
LAGO's "Gay Blue Jeans Day," I 
would like to suggest that he, on 
that day, wear a dunce cap. He 
would then be expressing his 
"human solidariry" as weU as his 
ignorance. 

Carlos Nelson 
Junior, Muir College 

-.,. t11IT : 1 
1m ' 
It IT 
Editor 

Tim August 
Managing Editor 

Phtl Lauder 
Copy Editor 

Joe, DeSIderio 
Opinion Editor 

James Ralph Papp 

,.-

.. ~~ 
f,~ 

Contributing Opinion Editor 
David Wolf 

News Editor 
Lisa Lapin 

Contributing News Editors 
Steven R. Friedman 

Phil Wlllon 
Arts Editor 

And rew Keeler 
AsSOCiate Arts Editor 

John Nee 
Spons Editor 
J,ff Savage 

Features Editor 
Christopher anole 

Photo Editor 
Rich Pecjak 

General Manager 
Chris Milke 

Associate General Managers 
Linda Lewis 
Valeri~ McMullin 

Photographers 
Rob Friede mhal 
Mark Johnson 

Illustrators 
John Ashlee 

Steve Kloepfer 
Typesetters 

Joe Desideno 
Anggie Lapid 
Phil Lauder 

Andy Laurence 
Production 
Paul Farwell 

Rob Friedenthal 
Lizz Fuller 
Kelley Neal 

Karla Spencer 
Staff Writers 

UIIlCC Bernard , Ethan Feerst, 
David Fleminger, Roben Geyer, 

Jackie Gladfelter, Mike 
Greenberg, Kim Haddad , 

Christina Kaus , Sergio Klier, Ian 
Langdon, Roben Leone, Michael 
Panos, Julie Richter, Dena Rosen, 

Sharon Sogomian. Yen Taylor. 

The UCSD Guardian IS 
published Mondays and 
Thursdays dunng the academic 
year by students at UCSD. Views 
expressed In the Guardian do not 
represent the views of Ihe Regents 
of the UniverSity of California or 
the Associated Swdents of UCSD. 
All un - initialled editorials 
represent the views of the entire 
editorial board of the Guardian; 
initialled editortals represent 
minority opinions of the editorial 
board. Reproducllon, publication, 
or any use Without permission of 
any portion of this newspaper 
Without prior notification is strictly 
prohibited . 

Th~ Guardian welcomes signed 
letters and commentary as outlined 
in the Opinion section; however .. 
we are not responSible for 
unsoliCIted manuscripts or an, 

Our office IS located soulheast of 
the Revelle Provost Office next 
door 10 rhe Che Cafe on the UCSD 
campus. rhc BUSiness OlfiLe IS 
open lrom 9 am to noon and L pm 
to 5 pm Monday through Friday, 

Subscriptions are available and 
wli l be mailed IIrsl c1a~s for $15 per 
quaner. 

The UCSD Guardian 
UCSD,8-016 

La Jolla, California 92093 
(6 L 9) -452-3 .. 66 

Muy J, 1984 5 
. . ~ .-' . . . . ; ~.. ~ ..... ', ~~., ... .",;3 .. '11-;;::»~ .. -:.: .... 

tt®rt'~letters~<e~fr~Ir~ll®ttfr®rt'~llcefr~®Ir~llce~ t\l:ce;Jf~ll~. 
lf~~®\1tt®rt'~n®tttt~lf~~®tttt~lf~ll®tt~®Ir~ll®frtC®lf~ ll®ttfr( 
Sir: 

In his letter regarding gay blue jeans 
d.,y (Ll'lIers . Monday, Apnl 30), Scon 
P,'pathakis posed a number of questions 
and concerns which should be 
addressed . 

First, ' Why doesn 't LAGO have a 
'fairy outfit dayT We ~o not feel that . 
this would be an accurate expression 01 
gay identlry . It IS odd that Mr. 
Papathakis does not understand why 
"the g"ys cannot be .. , blatant in 
matching their representalion ," He 
suggesls pink tutus. Since we do nO! 
walk around in tutuS on other days, we 
did not feel it appropriate to do so on a 
day we have set aside as an expression 
of pride and community. Since we arc 
trying to bridge an unfonunate gap 
between some members of the gay 
communiry and some members of the 
non-g<l) ' community we felt blue jeans 
would be appropriate precisely because 
they are such a common Itcm of 
apparel. 

Second . "Can LAGO members reaUy 
believe that when they wear their jeans 
on Friday thaI cveryone else wearing 
them is also gay or supports their 
organization?" 

It would be nice to think so. And we 
would also like people to support 
human expression in its full political, 
religiOUS, and ethnic range on th~s day. 

This is our reason for sponsonng gay 
blue jeans day. However, there is some 
amblguiry built into gay blue jeans day. 
Mr. Papathakis' plans to wear hIS Je,lns 
on Friday as an expression of anti-gay 
sentiment illustrates this ambiguity. 
People will not know that this is his 
purpose juS{ by looking ar him. They 
will not know whether he is gay, non-
gay, a supponer of hUman free~om in 
expression, or that he just dldn t realize 
his jeans would have extra significance 

that dJ}' 
Just ,., ever}' day you cannot tell the 

sexual oncn«lllon or the person next to 
you And thar the assumption 01 
universal heterosexuality is mistaken. 

You Just can't be surc who IS gJY, 
Even on gay blue jeans day. We don't 
wear IUlllS any more often than you do. 
We wear jeans and cords and slacks 
and short - JUSt like you . We want you 
to think aboul this fact and question 
your assumptions and get rid of your 
"pink lUtu" stereoryp~s . 

LAGO is working lor the day when 
people are not automatically mislabeled . 
whcn ·they are not discriminated against 
on account of any arbitrary personal 
characterisric, 

Ironically, I agree with Mr, Papathakis 
that it would be nice if LAGO did not 
exist. It would be nict' if it were not 
necessary. It would have been nice to 
grow up without feeling compelled to 
hide an aspect of myself. It would be 
nice If LAGO and Counseling and 
Psychological Services didn't have 
support groups, peer counselors and a 
telephone hotline on this campus to 
help people deal with problems related 
to existing in a SOCiety which says that 
the way they go about loving is wrong, 

So, I guess there's another reason to 
wear your jeans on Friday - If you 
support love, wear your jeans on gay 
blue jeans day. 

Sincerely, 
Russell Lewis 

L\GO at UCSD 

An Open letter to First Interstate Bank: 
Thank you for the letter informing me 

of my ineligibiliry for a loan through the 
Federal Guaranteed Sllldent Loan (GSL) 
program. 

As one of the largest financial 
institutions, you have responsibilities to 

A BaUade of Harold Ticho and Mrs. Max Hoffman, the fonner of ~ho~ 
convinced the latter to donate $36 million to the Umverslty of California 
for ~ telescope 

We wanted a new telescope 
So large to strike the world dumb 
But had not really any hope 
To raise the necessary sum. 
One hundred million (minimum) 
Was what we needed then. because 
Its size was to be maximum 
Bur what a lot of cash that was! 
In monetary night we grope, 
Our benefactors deaf and dumb, 
Each millionaire a misanthrope, 
And each financial steer was bum. 
Then Mrs. HolTman carne to drum 
A little business up for us, 
And our hope grew whell she did come. 
But what a lot of cash that was! 
Proceeded Tiche then to rope 
In our miRionairess chum. 
The Duchess (Madame Max - end trope) 
Of Omnium and Gatherum, 
It set us ofT at such a hum, 
As any large donation does 
Though it comprises only some -
But what a lot of cash that was! 

Envoi 
Six and thirty million - hum! 
It really gives a certain pause. 
Although we now possess the sum, 
But what a lot of cash that was! 

FREE EYE EXAM 
This speCial is available With the purchase of 50ft contact lensesl 

S 6 9 reg BAUSCH • LOMB ;'~ 1 $259 Extended Wear complete Contacts 
SOFT CONTACTS 

COMPLETE 
NEW ." 895 daily wear 

O,·T lenses 
NO 

EXTRA 
COSTS 

Dr. Steven Grossman Optometry 
.' 
~43 No H.,y 101 (THE 1l0AAOWAL~, ~U'" 

481 -2277 • SOLANA BEACH 

HOURS 
Monc1dY S,"\lIday 

1000600 PM 

-JRP 

BOTH 
PACKAGES 
INCLUDE 
~ Eye Exam 
~ Fitting 
~ Fol low,Up VI Sit S 
~ Care-Kit 
If"., Ie nOI Ill" lewes I 
It'! ll~ know who 1',1 
(III" 1':\/1111.' !> lO 8~ 

yuur depositors ,md shareholders. Your 
IDrm letter pOi ntcd out th.lI I have ,I 
<.:hc<.:ki ng account ,IL Bank 01 Amen<':d . 
Rulcs arc rules, and your rules say thaI 

In<.:e I have an .ICCOUnt ,It B 01 A you 
can't lend me a GSL. 

I'm just a stupid ~Iudent, so I Lan 
only surmi se your reasoning to he rh.1I I 
represent .1 bad nsk, cvcn though rhe. 
loan is IcderaUy guamnteed , How loollsh 
It was for me to ask you for a loan In 
thc Ii rsr place . . 

Had I becn sman. at the beginning 01 
Ihe year I would have opened my 
checking account at First Interstate. The 
three-mile walk to your nearest bmnch 
in La Jolla each time I wanted money 
would have been healthy and would 
have huilt chamcter. 

But I have betrayed First Interstate 
Bank, and now I stand alone in my 

shame . Your form leiter also dptly 
pointed out that severing my <.:hecking 
account wouldn't nullify my Ineliglhl"ry 
for at least a )'ear. Good . I wlil not be 
,ll1le to redeem my mistake - but 
,mother <.: har..1cter bUIlder. 

0 1 <.:Durse. I am unl), ol small depositor 
,md "ke most students, my money Isn't 
wor;h much. You have the right idea in 
saving your energy for the big guys. In 
thc meantime, I'll ignore your 
advertisements for student loans. 

Even with this between us, I harbor 
no bad feelings . I do hope that you will 
lorgive my atrocious temeriry. 

I've learned my lesson: Stay away from 
First Interstate Bank for at least a year. 
Don't worry, I'll probahly sta)! aw'ay 
longer than that. 

Sincerely, 
Mark P. Diamond 

Bilingual handicap 
By YVETTE KIRAZIAN 

enator Walter Huddleston, a 
Kentucky Democrat, has sponsored a 
proposal to make English the official 
language of the United States. The 
proposed Constitutional amendment 
would require Enghsh-only ballots. To 
many, this may seem like a punirive act, 
but actually It would benefit the 
American people as weU as uphold 
American nationalism. 

Sen. Huddleston and hiS colleagues 
say that "English is one of the things in 
this ethnicaUy diverse country that 
binds us together:' This is a valid pOin!. 
If ballots are printed in other languages, 
the implication is that English is 
unnecessary, substantiaUy less important 
in such crucial matters as elections. 
English , rhe unifying force in rhis 
coumry, would thus be denied 
significance by citizens being aUowed to 
vote in other languages, If not required 
to vote in English, the members of our 
melting-pot nation isolate themselves. 
They will remain linguistically stagnant, 
and will not conceive a need to learn 
the language of the country they are 
living in , since they find comfort and 
security in their own language. 

Of course, it is perfectly acceptable 
for the different nationalities to 
maintain theIr cultures. America has 
always ope ned her arms and welcomed 
immigrants, The foreign born , however, 
should maintain their identity and 
culture on a more personal baSIS: in 
their homes, clubs, churches, etc. As for 
citizen actiVities or obligations. such as 
voting, American standards should be 
enforced. As formcr Sen. S.l. Hayakawa 
put it; "The language we share is at the 
core of our identity as citizens, and our 
ticket to full panicipation in American 
political life. We can speak any language 
we want at the dinner table, but English 
is the language of public discourse , of 
the marketplace, and of the voting 
booth." 

Another problem arises from not 
having English-only ballots, In many 
states the ballots are primed in English 
and Spanish, and in some states, three 
different languages. Since there is a 
growing number of immigrants in this 
country, more and more groups will 
want their language represented. 
Iranians, Arabs, Chinese and Japanese 
WIll all want translations of the baUots, 

There is no end to the number 01 
different languge requirements rhat 
could arise once such a precedent is sel. 
Where do we draw the line? The United 
States ts not obligated to cater to these 
immigrants. Since they are entering 
America, they should willingly conlorm 
to the country's customs and standards. 
It IS important to maintain different 
cultures in the United States, but nor at 
tbe public's expense and inconvenience. 

The multi-lingual baUor proposes 
anOther inconvenience - ItS needless 
expense . The voting and election 
process is an already costly procedure. A 
large amount of money is necessary in 
order to send out election material , 
ballots and other paraphernalia , In 
English . By increasing the number of 
languages represented on the ballots , we 
are incurring unnecessary additional 
costs on ourselves. Why should nallve 
Americans have [() pay for multi-lingual 
ballots that they will not use? San 
Francisco spe nt an additional $73,389.37 
for trilingual ballots and voting materials, 
acwrding to officials there . Perhaps this 
acwmmodation of the diverse, growing 
foreign population will increase the 
number of participants in elections, 
perhaps no!. evenheless, the 
inconvenience and loss of congruous 
American identiry outweighs the 
possible benefits, which only appl}' [0 
the loreigners. 

The rise of the immigrant population 
causes f unher problems for the votlllg 
procedures. In order to vote in this 
country, one must be a United States 
citizen. Perhaps the multi -lingual ballot 
problem lies in the citizenship 
requirements. Obviously the citizens 
who need multi-lingual ballots have not 
mastered the English language and thus 
need translations in their own language. 
We would nO! have to make these 
translations if the new citizens were 
fluent in English. Therefore , a possible 
solution is that ci tizenship requiremems 
should be tightened , In order to become 
a citizen, one should be able to speak, 
read and wrire Engli h at a cenain level 
of proficiency. This would eliminate the 
burden of multi-lingual baUots. 

The rising numbe'r of immigrants 
entering our country is a problem within 
itself. But if they do desire to remain in 

p/cu,e lum til puge 6 

30~ off I I any purchase of $1.00 or more 
• We also honor all 

one per 
cust omer 'f, '_. <,_, .. -

1030 Torrey Pine Rd: ~' " Now Open/ 
at Herschel 1774 Garnet A 

La Jolla ch 



6 May J, 1984 
OPINION 

. .. ~. ·x:;;::;:··~'.'~' ~;-. . . ',. x "x'".x ' _ ~.' .. '. ~,' , ...... 1- ..... ":«~ . Yo ... 

Handicap 
«lI1C1I1UeU {roll1 p<lg.: 5 
the Untted States, they must learn English . 
Imagine an expanded mullilingual ballot 
problem . For example , perhaps there 
would soon be a need 10 wrtle lood labels, 
traffic signs, newspapers, etc .. , HI a vUllety 
oj differenl lal1guages , The United -tates IS 
not an International ulOpla. The country 
cannot satisfy the needs of an increasmgl}' 
diverse group of peoplc. 

This IS not to say that we should neglect 
the "Americans" who do not speak English 
as a first language . Bilingual education 
should be provided as a means of eduCi,)t-
IIlg children who do not know English , 
at the carly grade levels The ultimatc goal 
IS fluency in English ; Without thiS fluenc)" 
it IS Simply not pOSSible to participate 
adequately In Amencan Itfe , 

It IS commendable that the United Statcs 
makes appropnatlons to ItS newcst Immi-
grants, But thIS misdirected benevolence 
causes numerous difficulties and burdens 
fllr the Amcrlcan people a weU .IS for the 
immigrants themseh'es A., a result. 
i\mcricans h,lw addlll,lnal 
IIlCOIll'C11lCnn:s ,uch J, CllSt, ,1Ild 
foreig ner, h,lI'l' dlfilcult) JJ,lptlng to the 
AmenL,1I1 ,t,mddrd, ,1Ild 1\,1\ 01 It,..:. 
Th.:,e dIIlICultl.:, would dl1111nlsh tI 
AJllerlc.11lS II'l'fC more concerned II!th 
prl!sl'rvtng ,1Ild prollllltlng Am"/lull! 
hnguIStll conkmn!t)·, 

Common sense for all 
By DAVID R. CALlAWAY 

Ralph R.l1nWater's c hlidish timde 
,lg,lInst the ncbulous "stlldent I'a hClls" 
111 hi S Apnl 26 commentar), tllustrates 
the absurdll )' or campus polltlcs The 
campus, III hear The C,llyo/llla Rt'I'I,'1I' or 
lite I11'W IIIdlCuwr tell II , IS diVided IntO 
two IIJrrtng lactions. The "student 
rJehcais," who R,linwatcr malntams must 
"d..: plse the United tatcs , \\'rtte poorly 
and he ,IS simple-mlllded l)' del'oted to 
I\IJrxlst slogans .1~ pOSSible" comprise 
one Side, II'hlie the "overblown , 
under\l'nnklcd" conscrvatlves, you ths 01 
twent), spouting "Burke,m" dogma and 
dressmg with conspicuous consumpl1on 
in mllld comprise the other. Luckily lor 
the maJortty of us who ignore campus 
politic" thesc t\l'O warnng facl10ns can 
he e.lstiy recognIzed and Ignored . 

Whtle I do admit that 31llpUS politics 
an:: qUltl' ll.1rlll lcss, Jnd cl'en 
entertalllmg lor the paltiClpamS, could 
not t1lC1r tI1ne he beller spent? For, 
whli..: these III ult-Itrlng "pundIts ' lrolll 
the TIl, Call{onl1u RLlIl'\\ .lIlJ till' 11L'\\' 
Ilie/iul/O' pad their pLlrtlolios II'llh 
sopl1tlmon~ rh':lOnl' , thl' I,mld grows 
olliel' \\'h llc R,lInll'atcr gll'cs hIS 

thcorcll~,11 e:-;ege,ls 01 ' Burke.m" 
CO n,el'l'ill1Sm, nuclcM missiles sprout 

lik..: spnng Ilowers. While Enc YOLlIlg is 
bC111g "hasl ally .lpolitical" and 
LrtticIZlIlg his adversaries fo r "not taking 
VCly demanding courses at school." 
pOisonous lakes of chem ical wastes 
co ntinue to risc , And whil.: the PUD 
cont lngcnt (who could ever take 
senousl), a campaign based on a 
l'egeL-lblen debates the semantics of an 
allegedly sex ist professorial remark , a 
waterless San Diego IS further suffocated 
b), profit-conSCIous, hort-sighted 
del'elopers, 

What el'er happened to (cal Issues? 
What ever happened to conservation, 
and the premise that the earth is a 
dosed system? Of course, the 
co nservatives will have you forget 
pollul1on and the perils of uncontrolled 
expansion because their e on mic 
doctrines onl)' work in eras of Irenctic 
growth and explOita tion What will they 
.ldl'lSe when th ..: rl!sources are gonc, and 
the pl,met loulcd) (Presumabl), Reagan 
Jnd hiS w hort 'I til be dead hy thcn .) 

What l'l'er happened to student 
Uprll.1r 01 l'r U military Inten'cnttnn) 
Students uscd to h,lI'c mOl'al Prt nciplc, 
- or at leilst used to debate such 
prinCiples Is It right ror our gOl'ernment 

to ny co change another country's 
gove rnment to fit our Ideological .md 
eco nomIC needs? Is It rtglu to pay tax 
dollars co a government that pends 
billions on ge nocIdal weapons? Is Il 
nght to suppOrt a government that is 
InSe nSilll'e to the poor and the mentally 
til? Tod,I)' on the OpInion pages of 
UCSD papers the Issue IS th e dreSSing 
hahl[ of conse rva tives. 

Fortunately, th ese writers represent 
only a h,lndful of UCSD student at 
eac h end of the political spectrum. But 
what or the majority of UCSD students? 
Are they politically aware, read y to erupt 
at the next military intervention, ready 
to immerse themselves in the upcoming 
presidential campaign , ready to take 
some ki nd or polmcal stand - or, are 
the majoriry of students going to worry 
primarily about their careers (students 
tOday are described as "pragmatic") and 
vote for the man who looks best on the 
SIX o'clock new? 

As long as there are student-run 
papers there will be this small frac tion 
of students who - from their collegiate 
haven - enjoy craft ing glib theoretical 
rhetOric . It adds girth to their portfolios, 
but illustrates their inJbill!y to base 
themselves In reality, to address 
themselves to Irul t,mglblc Issues, not 
merely theorellc.ll ones, and in thc 
meantime alienates those whose 
111(ere tS are in rcal pnllt1cs, not Ivory 
lOwer rhetoric. 

WE LEND STUDENTS 
A HELPING HAND. 

A lack of funds used to keep many promising 
students out of college. That's not the case 
anymore. 
Government-backed student loans now enable 
most kids to get the education they need. 
And Imperial Savings wants to help. 
We have the money to lend , and getting it is easy 
and convenient , 
To apply, just drop by any of our branch offices. 
We'll be happy to give you a ll the deta ils . 
We want to help. Because a student loan is an 
investment in tomorrow. 

For fa.st information, just call our financial hotline: 

1-800-CHEK-NOW 
(1-800-243-5669) 

H ImPf~~!t~vings 
Whelt' TOnlomJll ' Begins Tocl£ly " 

$36 million willed from deathbed 
UC plans world's largest telescope 
By SEAN WAGSTAFF 

O n DecemDer 15, the d,I)' before shc tiled , MJrlnn HoHman \\'tikd ~36 mlll1lln to Ihl' UC Regents , to be used I,or the tll'vclopmcnt 01 ,1 
nl'W U proJecl. I hiS dll11,ltIon was the brgest Irom ,1 
private source in thl' history 01 the Uc. 

HolTman wanted to leave a suitable mcmorial to her 
late hush.md , Maxllnllian. He was an tmporter of 
European cars: jaguar, Me rcedes-Benz, Porschc and 
BMW among them. rhe man had a great love of 
preciSion mechanical devices, 

HoffmJn chose ,1 Universlry or California project 
called the Ten-Mcter Telescope (TMT). TMT would be 
unique ,15 a memorial. there bei ng nothing else like It 
III the world . As for preciSion , '1 Ml would be ten 
meters in diameter and built to tolerances 01 a tcmh 01 
J wavelength 01 Ilghl. The telescope would IncorporJte 
the newest technolog)', both in optics and computers, 
Jnd would ,lllow astronomers to witness the [ormalion 
01 the stars and galaxlcs and study the origins of th.: 
ulllverse . 

The total project, whi ch Will COSt ahout $95 milhon 
10 complete, has yet 10 rece ive any Imyor linancial 
suppOrt outside of the Hoffman donation . 

Dr. Harold Ticho, vice chancellor 01 acaderni affairs 
at UC 'D, IS also chairman of the te!es ope executive 
management committee that has ove rall re ponsibility 
for the project. 

Ticho is optimistic that TMT will attract the backing 
of other interests , especially now th at it has made its 
first big financial step forward . 

"If something will cost that much money," says 
Ticho, "and you're able to give a million dollars, it 
doesn't seem like a very big step if n's the first million . 
Now that we have that much [$36 million!. we hope 
other donors Will become more willing to comribute," 

TMT will incorporate computer tec hnology that has 
only been avatlable In the last few year and a spellal 
mirror-building technique that was invented JUSt for 
thl project. 

TMTs sheer size und power will place UC at the 
forefront 01 astronomical science, It will ope n up 
approXimately eight [lines the volume of space 
previously ava ilab le lor observa tion, both lor U 
astronomers and their co lleagues, 

Dr. Barbara j ones, professor of phySICS at UCSD, is 
on the astronomical advisory committee for TMT. She 
is enthusiastic about the effects of TMT on Uc. She 
believes thar the lure of the big telescope will prove 
irresistible 10 many of the world's best astronomers. 
Faculty and graduate students will want time on TMT 
and will be compelled to become involved with Uc. 

TMT Will be shared by UC, Hawaii and whatever 
other interests contribute to its eonstruction. Cal Tcch 
has expressed an interest in becoming a partner in the 
project, but has not made any comm itmcllts. 

jones predicts that part of the needed money will 
come directly lrom Uc. Tlcho, howl!ver, states that 
although there is no way of knOWing what the UC 

~~i§i 
SALE I 
May I 
thru 

May 4 
9:00 ~ 4:30 

20,. OFF AIJ. 
MERCHANDISE-
• Excludes items already 
sale prtced and l1m1led 

10 stock on hand, 
(619) 452-t015 

AQUARIUM BOOKSHOP 
A-007 

SCRIPPS INS'l'l'lVI'E OF 
OCEANOGRAPHY 

LA JOLLA. CA. 92093 

Regents I~III do, "It cl'rt,llnly won't be on the o rder 01 
530 million," 

Lcgcnd cla ims that a Dutchman named Hans 
Lippershl')' held twO lenses together In lrom 01 hi S eye 
In 1608 Jnd nOl1crd that obJccts appeared closcr than 
normal '1 hus he literally held the first telescope In hiS 
tWO h'lIlds. SI nce that tlay, Ielcscopes have spottcd 
distant ships at sea, surveyed crJters on the moon and 

The TMT telescope will be 
able to measure the width oj a 
dime from 60 miles, 

revealed jllst enough to spawn the myth of I\I,lrtIJn 
Aqueducts. 

Mag11lfyi ng object , however, IS a thmg 01 the past 10 
most astronomers. The astronomical game tOday IS one 
or coHecting light. Ticho explams, ' Essentially, what 
you do when you magnify a blur OUt there is you get a 
bigger blur." 

UCSD's Dr. Harold Tlcho heads the $96 nl1//lon TM I 
tciescope project 10 be buill III Hmvuli. 

.. 
., 

.. 

• 

A p,lmphlet produced b)' TMT dal1ns that Ihe ueviee 
1\'111 be ,lble to "measure Ihe Width of a dl1ne 60 mdes 
,111',1)' or detect the glow of an ordmary light bulb on 
the sudac!: of thc moon " _ 

rM r WIll not be used to look at dimes or lunar lighl 
hulbs or Mantan construction projects, for that matter. 
The big telescope WIll be unique In Its ablltry to 
explore dl !.lilt galaXies and probe the secrets of their 
lormatlon . 

Joncs stresses that thcre are other large telescopes in 
operJl1on that are adequate fo r most types of "close 
up" astronomy, and that TMTs speCial abilities will 
prob,lbly keep It busy In other field s. 

According to jones, astronomers arc particularly 
Interested III ftndlllg out how sta rs got to be what they 
,Ire. "How do you make a star) How does It collapse 
out of the Interstellar medium? Wh,lI determines ItS 
propertlcs) These ,Ire some of the questions we'd like 
to answer. TMT will be pamcubrly good at that son of 
thing: 

It is Ironic thai TMT Will use the most sophisticated 
modern technology to look at eve nts that took place 
before the Invention of the telescope or, even , the 
evolution of life on Earth . 

When you look at the sun, you are seetng light that 
left its surface eight minutes before . When you look at 
the star nearest our solar system, Alpha Centauri , you 
are seei ng the Alpha Ce ntauri of 4.3 yea rs ago. To look 
IntO space is to trave l on a sort of cosmic time 
machine. 

jones explains, "The center of our galaxy is 30,000 
light years away, When you are looking at the most 
distant galaxies, you are looking very close to the tirm: 
of the Big Bang. 

"The recent Nobel Prize went to Penzlus and Wilson 
for theIr dis overy of three degree 'K' radiation , which 
is the remnant of the Big Bang." 

Radiation (Visible, IIlfrared , radio and microwave), 
rcaching the Ea nh from long ago and far away, carries 
with It the 1Il10nnallon that astronomers study to learn 
what those distant pla-:es were like. The problem IS 
collecting enough photons from a source , III a form 
that CJn be sllldied. 

Hans Llppershey's two-lens telescope , a primitive 
refractor, has been recently replaced by a parabolic 
mirror that collects light from a large area and fo uses 
11 OntO a sensor, The sensi ng device can be either a 
photographic emulsion, an eyeball, a spectrometer, or a 
charge coupled deVice (CCD). CCDs are the most 
widely used sensors and opera te in a simi lar fashion to 
a teleVISion camera, but with a sensitiviry much greater 
than that of photographic film . 

TMT will have a mirror Jrea lour times that of the 
l<lrgest telescope III operation , a five-meter one on top 
of Mount Palomar. (The 'oviet Union has a slightly 
larger telcscope than Palomar' , but it IS reportedl}' 
plagued wllh operJung difficulties ) 

.. 

.'" 
The San Diego Community College District 

'Tuihon·free 10 Cahfornia residents. $510 550 fee for fa!! classes. 



Giant telescope 
lUIHInUl"djrolll f'<Jg~ 7 

Tlcho pOintS L1ut thJt the PJlomar 
Instrument was de Igned In the 1930s. 
"It IS the hest In the world , hut It 
represents the te hnologyof the 19305. 
In order to build anythlt1g hlgger," he 
says. ' .1 new tec hnolog)' had to he 
Inve nted ." 

TMT. unlike ,111)' other telescope, Will 
have 36 mirrors In teaJ 01 one IMge 
one. [al:h hexagonJI mirror will h.l\'c J 
Jlamcter of 1.8 meters .lI1d will fUIKllon 
.15 p.1I1 01 the cOlllplete p,lrahnllt: 
uriJl:c . 

In ll ruer for the pret:ISlon nl the 

icct Wide .lnd SCl'l'rJI ict'[ thick would 
require .1 mammoth Siructllre 10 SUpp\lrt 
It Fm.llly, a vcry thick piece 01 glJSS 
could not h,lI1ge tcmpcrJlli re !.lSt 
cnnugh to keep up IVlth the C hangl ng 
.ltmosphcre . 

JllneS l'XplalllS th,1t the drop In 
temperJllire CVC!)' night lVould le,we the 
mirror II'Jnner than the surrounding ..Ill'; 
especially II the glass b vel) thl l:k anu 
I:Jn not cool qUIt:kl)·. Th iS tcmpcrJture 
Jil le rence would C:luse '1Ir ulslUrbanCl'~ 
ne.ll' the mi rror th,1( clluld spoil 
Illl'J!>url'llll'nt . 

The !>l)I Utlllll tn [hc big mirror 

The 36 pieces are made to fit together like 
bathroom tiles to form a perfect reflecting surface, 
p,Ir.lhllliL ~url,ICl' 10 L' '(ceeu .1 temh 01 ..I 
11',1 \cll'ngth ,,1 light, d wh Llle Ill>\\ 
tC!csLllpe -Ill,lkll1g SLll'nlL' \\',h 
ul'\\:lopeu. 

problL'1ll \L ,IS workeu out h) ,I te,lI11 01 
,, ' IL'IllI,ts In Lhargc lli r :-'1 r\ 
technologll,ll .1"pCLl~ leu hi L'C 
&:rkelq :\ twnl)Il1Cr Jem' :\1.'1 \In 

.-\ 11)77 replm on building ,I tl'n-Ill<.: ter 
tc!c>cLlpe h)' Cllll\enllon.ll nWthlld~ , said 
llCho, proJedcd , I Cll~t 01 ,")(lut 5700 
million 

A 'lI1glc pieLT ,)1 gla~~ It: n meier, 
.ILnlS~ would h.I\·c III he 'icI·er.11 feet 
thKk. 'ilmpl~' tl l IlUlnt.lm ItS shape. 
(l thenl'bl" ",1\, jLlnC" "the glass would 

hl tremendousl) soggy, somcthlng like 
drapll1g .1 hlJnkct lwe r J I ~upportl 
,trUCtlI re" The ILelght nl .I mirror 33 

\\'Iut :-.!L'hll1 JIlU the other" uCl'lsed 
\\'.l~ .1 ll1ethoJ of Illlrrm-maklllg c,dlL'u 
'tn:~s mirror pllhshll1g A "Ix-IDOl glass 
JI c h,,, .1 Jep rc:~sltln groun I Into It 
wllh ,I "phcrIL:.II tnlll 1 hc d ISL' IS then 
c!.lmped .lI1d '!L'llI ,llly hcnl. 111 .1 
pn.'lIscI}' c'l!cul.ncd m.lI1nrr. thL'n 
ground J sL'nlild lIInc wllh the sphenc.11 
tlll)1 l-inJlly. Ihe gl.15~ IS poh'ihc:d Jnd 
cut InlL) .I he\(.lgon rhe 36 pieces m.lde 
In thIS II.I}' li t tugcthcr like n.llhroom 
tiles to lorm J perieCt rellec tlng surbce 

AN AMERICAN 
WEREWOLF 
IN LONDON 
"A knock-your-socks-off, fantastically 
frightening and lusciously gory monster 
movie." 
-LIFE MAGAZINE 
"An old fashioned rock and roll horror 
movie with solid humor ..• a lot of fun." 
-Fred Yager, Associated Press 
POL YGRAM PICTURES PRESENTS A LYCANTHROPE FILMS 
LIMITED PRODUcrtON. AN AMERICAN WEREWOLF tN 
LONDON st ARRING DA ID NAUGHTON, JENNY AGUITER, 
GR tFFI DUN I: & JOHN WUODVtNE. ORI(jiNAL MUSt ' BY 
ELMER BERNSTEIN EXECLTIVE PRODUCt:RS PETER GUBER 
& JON PETERS. PRODUCED BY GEORGE GO~EY, JR 
WRIITEN AND DlRELiED BY JOHN LANDt~ 

Friday, May 4 / 8 & 10 pm 
USB 2722 

Admission $1.75 at the Box Office 

BEAT THOSE HIGH 
UNIVERSITY COPY COSTS! 

• Binding. Passport • Stationery 
• Folding Photos. 

8855 Villa La Jolla 
Drive 

457-3775 
Near Ralph's & 
Sav-on Drugs 

Fast -
Quality 
Service 

Open 7 
Days 

I'hl' othe r technologic.11 ,l(iI'.lI1c(' th ,lt 
1 ~n \l'ill Incol'pnratc is the computer. 
~lnl'lI1g the telescope will .lltL'l' 
gml'lt<1l1l1l1,11 lorc<.:s on the lens, ,lI1d 115 
36 segments will tend to change 
po Itl lll1 In respect to one another. 
Com puter ensors and JCluators will be 
plJeed al three POll1ts on each segment. 
The sensors will calculale the pOSition of 
e,lch 111lrror in relalion to the 
urroundll1g oncs. Jnd the actuators will 

move it tf net:essary. Each 1l1lrmr Will be 
checked Jnd adjustcd b)' the computer 
a ~ many .15 lOO limes a second . 

The S ill' chosen lor TM I IS 
w nsldr.:reu one 01 the best In the world 
It WIll be placr.:d on top 01 I-I ,OGO-Iom 
high MJunJ Kr.:.1 In Haw.1I1. 1 hr.:re arc 
.ilread), sl'l'e r.11 large telescopcs .Il thr.: 
sile. Jlln\'er threc meters \\l tk . 

~1.lLln J Ke,1 W,h chosen lor ItS 
deVc\tl,)1l cll1d thin , dry .lImllsphere: Ih 
clr.:,lI' s k~', IreI' 01 CII)' hghts; ItS 
conSis ten tly gond wcalher and ItS 
cit1scncs, to thc equator. IkCJUSC H,I"'clll 
h 'ill nl.lr the l'qu,\tor. it h,ls .1 I'll'\\' of 
I11Jn)' mllr,? surs than the , orth I'<lle , 
lor II1stJn(e. 

The eflet:t is sOIllt:!thing like St.lI1dlllg 
on d l.lrge . sp lllnlng lOp In an e\'cn 
IJrger room. II )'ou are on top . 011 lhr.: 
splllning aXIS, .111 you can sec b lhe 
ceillllg 'plllnll1g over your hL'au . If ),OU 
arr.: on thr.: "equator," howevc r, )'OU C,\I1 
sec all lou r \\',IUS rushll1g hy. 

10 ,omr.: , the most cxciung aspect nl 
thc TCIl-:-'1cler 1 ell' cope IS not whJt 
SClc ntlStS predict they will find , but, lIke 
cra ters on Ihe moon once were , what 
111Ight hc our thcre waiting 10 be 
dlscovereu. 

Make Her Day Special 
with a FAMILY RING 

Ease to UC 
I Clll flllIlCti Jrtlm puge J 
each public higher education segment 
and three representatives of the 
governor, senate president pro tempore 
and speaker of the assembly. Committee 
repons would be annually submitted to 
the legislature . 

The bill will next go to the Assembly 
Ways and Means Committee. 

In other action , the committee passed 
a bill "requesting" the UC Regents and 
"requiring" California State University to 
give handicapped students free parking 
on campus. 

Authored by Assemblymember Raben 
Campbell CD- Richmond), the bill now 
goes to the assembly Ooor. 

Assemblymember qerald Felando CR-
Torrance) was surprised to find out that 
handicapped students were not already 
granted Iree parking and questioned 
why UC was not required , like C U to 
implement the bill . 

Cunpbell explained that UCs 
constitutional autonomy exempts it from 
adopting provisions in the bill . He then 
added, "But we can remind them there 
is a $40 million life sciences building 
coming before the committee." 

Campbell is chaIrman of the Assembly 
Ways and Means Subcommittee which 
will hear UC budget requests for a $40 
million addition to a controversial life 
sciences building on the UC Berkeley 
campus. The building houses 
unaccredited antmal research 
laboratories. The hearing was tentauveiy 
scheduled for last Monday. 

For a limited tim~ only 
you can receive a 14K 

Gold heart-shar ed 
charm for Mom with the 

purchase of a 
FAMILY RING. 

This offer expires 
May 31, 1984. 

The perfect gift for Mothers 
and Grandmothers 

J 

Four ways to buy: ea.h, Chal'le, Bankcard, Interest Free Layaway 

E w E L E R s 
The diclmond people' ~ 1°'1 K., le."I<,' . In< 

La Jolla Village Square 
8657 Villa La Jolla Drive 

455,9700 

Changing colors 
By MIKE AHN 

Dick u cd to collect nakes. He used 
10 subscribe to Pluy/Juy magJzine until 
one uay when he Just got urcd of It all 
and dumped a )'ear's subscnpllon into 
hiS wastepaper baskct. 

He cruiseu through high school. 
II1telhgent and outcast With thc rest of 
hIS class, nm because of an ugly face but 
hecause he liked II that wa)'. Or so he 
sa)'s. He says he [cit older than those 
amund hlln, anu he didn't identify with 
them, or even like them. He liked hIS 
snakes and runnll1g. 

Dick spent a great deal of free time 
running. He used to be able to run fIve 
mIles a day. He enjo)'cd thc pace and 
the exhilarJtion , and he loved it because 
he could run alone. 

Dick left high school with no 
direction to go to, no ambition that he 
could pinpoint and aim for, blll only an 
expansive thirst fOT experience of any 
kind. Unfortunately, living in a suburban 
neighborhood denied him the sights 
that he craved. He started gOll1g lor two-
or three-day trips tnto the desen, 
througr Arizon~ and New Mexico riding 
on his Honda motorcycle, traveling fast 
and for no reason except that it was 
beautiful out there, and incredibly 
empty. 

When so many found it 50 
convenient, so damned easy to slip into ' 
college Ollt 01 high school, when so 
many lound it easy to spend hours in 
lecture halls listel1lng to others tell them 
what IS true and real , Dick joined the 
United tares Army. . 

"There's nothing lor me to learn in 
cnllege," he said . "['m SIck of hearing 
other people tell me things. I'd go erazy 
gomg back to school." 

Dick signed up for the minimum 01 
four years of his life to The Uniform. 
They told him that because he W.ls so 
smart, they would give him preference 
on learning eaher Arabic , Russian or 

pan ish in a high-intensity training 
program 'and then station him in an 
appropriate hot sPOt. This appealed to 
Dick because of the opportunity for 
travel and the ability to become 
bilingual. He SIgned the paper and 
spent three long months waiting to get 
in . 

Those months worked on Dick. He 
dIdn't quite know what to think of 
bec0/11Ing a soldier. He had spent his 
Itle caring lor snakes and reading 
philosophy (books by Descartes, 

tr.:tzche and Russell Itne the shelves 01 
hi s bedroom) and keeptng 111 5hape. It 
wasn't the physical aspect of jOllling 
that scared him at all, nor th idea of 
having his head shaved. It was the 
people he would be living With and 
worklllg lor in the next I' ur years - he 
wa, n't sure "hout the Army Way of Life 
lor hlnl . He hmed gUllS 

Some day~ he couldn 't walt to get In 
Ill: was 501ng thr'lugh lil'lng uCdth In 
thL)se uays, cI'clyone cbe was in school 
Jnu he WJS alone dOll1g grulll 1,lbor lor 
hiS lather's elet:tronlcs cnmpan)'. lIe and 
thr.: world seemed to lo~c mutual tntere ·t 
tn eJeh lllher He'was lonely. 

~metimes tt would scem hke DIck 
was insane , maktng chOIces almost by 
whim and then cJncc!tng them out as 
last as he had made them. Ilc often lelt 
lor the desert on hIS hike , not knowing 
how long he would be gone or where he 
wa, gOing. Hut he wasn't airel' spint. 
I Ie always felt a, tf he owed him ell 

/ 
/. 

/' 
~~----"\ 

~omelhll1g, and he alwa)~ !elt 1I~ Ii he 
let hlmscll down . 

In high sc hool he had one glrllnenu, 
a qUiet , plain person named Donna. He 
lOok Donna out to the snake house at 
the zoo and to operJs and symphontes, 
and they didn't talk much except tll 
discu mutual Iriends. He always talked 
about her like she WilS the biggest 
problem 111 the world . 

"I'm nOl Lire that I should be going 
OUI with her," he sai l. '" can't say that 
I'm really interc ted 111 her. In lact, we 're 
both really bOring." 

It<. 

But ~t111 he tonk her out. Just bct:JUSC 
shl: convel1lenti}' was emhrolled With 
hlill . He cwmually decided th.1t raktng 
her OUl was letttng himself down 
bl.:G1UsC he lound nothtng remote I}' 
Ia dnatlng about her, and one dJy he 
stoppeu calltng her and scemg her or 
even talkll1g to her friends , and she was 
pretty wrn up about It lor a while . 

'" It's hettcr thl way," he aid." he 
never really kne\ me and I was lyi ng to 
niysell lO thll1k I wa3 Interesled In her." 
' 0 ended the afralr. 

. 'Idom hJU DIck ever liked what he 

had . He Said that most of his Irll'nds 
wcre Inends only because of scelng 
them el'e ry da)' tn high school. and In 
LICl lhe>' weren't I nends at all hut mere 
acquamtanees. He hated. thar feeling 01 
nO! havll1g what he reall), wanted. Bur 
then he never seemed to know what he 
wanted . He spent a lor 01 time In 
angUIsh ove r [hIS parodox. the only real 
feeling he el'er had wa, longtng, but he 
didn 't know for what. 

Dick JOined [he Arm)' and h Old a greJt 
tIInc in Boot Camp. ralktng about how 
"godd.lln cold ' It is in New Jersey, 
where they m,lde him stand tn the snow 
at four III the momtng weanng full battle 
dtess. lr was a game and he enjoyed It. 

"Basic training is easy If one has the 
right attitude. No matter how perlect 
an)'ont:! is they'll be aSSigned detmls or 
i11Jdc [0 'drop and do twenty.' The only 
wa), to beat the system IS to jom the 
system, hide III the middle, conform, 
obey and thus graduate from the 
system." 

He spoke of the elation of firing an 
M-16 rifle for the first time ("Shooting IS 
the one thing that's most fun here"), or 
the time spent with other boys 
("Everyone here iikes to brag a lot. On 
the top three list in my room IS sexual 
prowess, physical ability and alcohol 
consumption"), and of the I'rustratlon 
("The rage is feeling trapped ; It 'S losll1g 
your freedom and realizlIlg what 
Ireedom IS"). 

After Boot Camp, the Arm)' 
transferred Dick to Arm)' Intelligence 

'hool III Fort Devens, Maryland. Doubt 
began to teas~ hIm , the thought of fou r 
yc,lr5 of Army lile began to hang on him 
like dead weight. 

"I knew I dIdn't regret .m ything but I 
also realized I'm getting !Ired of 
preparing lor war." 

On March I, 1983, DIck filed for 
Conscie ntiOUS Objector. Hc ltsted a lor 
of reasons for doi ng so, but in the end 
he SImply. privately saId, "I'm boreu ." 

"Other people leal'e here qUlckl)" 
alcohohcs, pregnancIes, psychos. I had 
to be cons iemiollS. I lo\'ed every angle 
01 the Army but It'S over now." 

When one files for Conscientlous 
Objector one must know why. Thr Army 
will Insist on an answer. 

"['m a strange case because this IS, 
alier all , a volunteer Arm)'. Everyone 
tncvitably asks me, 'Why did you jOtn in 
the first place?' What did I used to ay7 
I needed a change . I wasn 't ready for 
college. Well, I see now that II was an 
expenment. I wanteu to know what [ 
could do to m),self. and I wanted to 
know what eXIsts 111 tillS other realm." 

Dick was done WIth the Arm)" but 
then It was up to the Arm}' to decide If 
It IV;!S dnne With him. The), finally 
concluded that if he cltdn 't want to stay 
he hould be removed. Thcy placed hun 
0 11 Isol,ned dut), so thm hiS attttude 
wouldn 't corrupt and inlluence others in 
hiS platoon, Alter weeks 01 this, Dick 
was qUlctly discharged lrom the Army. 
They considered him an insult and a 
bill ·k eye , but they le[ him keep his 
umform. 

There Isn't Jny moral. That would be 
too easy. Old "friends" of Dick take pity 
on him and blame him lor his fate, but 
he looks for nothing to blame. He feel 
no hame or pride. It 's simply another 
affair that's over. 



10 May J, 198-1 

Volume 10 Number 13 Spring Quarter 
Commuter 

Column 
Commuters! Now' your .:hanc~ to put your 

complaints and I J~as to work . Ou you haY<' a 
solullon to the parkJO g prol<ms you tacd At the 
parking seminar o n April 25, LaUI\a Rey anJ 
Ho ward FinnL'"C mfornl~J students about recent 
pa r km g Qilan \ i o,g tlH!tc..' rc.-:J s pace 
JdL'Clio ns, as wel l as " ,""ep lans of shUllles to the 
« mote park n~ lo ts. R y nll Flnnccy firm ly urged 
commu[~rs 'too WTltc t helf su~cstlons anJ 
complaints to the Parking a,.. J Alternatlvc 
T ransportat ion AJv lsory Co mmlllc<, which 
deC ides parkln~ c1'an~cs. So stOP complalnHl I: anJ 
do someth ing about your problems' WmL' in , 
right now! 

Par llng anJ Al t t.: r natlvc Tr:lI1Sport:l t lon 
A dVisory Commlrtn' 

c a H.D. Johnson, QOO7, L'CSD. 

Provost's 
Corner 

Tom Bond 
Acting Provost 

ThiS week I want to remind you about our 
Parents ' Weekend symposIa. W hether or nOt your 
pa rt'nts an: commg, you J rt! welcome to t! lthcr o r 
all of our d iSCUSSions thIS Saturday, May 5.10 H.L. 
AuditOrium. 

• 9:30 Jm - BlOIoXhnvIu)(y • 
Professor Helinski trom the 
BlologV Department anJ Dr. 
Jonc'S trom the ,>choul of 
Mt:dlcinc. 
• ll . IS am - The N, ... FlwhnL'" 
:).:u/p,,,re - Professor Ledden, 
ASSistant to the Chancellor . 
• 1 :30 pm - W <Jr "nd p",,"" In the 
Nude",. AKe . Campus Min is ter 
Bill Mahc'CIy, Professor Lakoff 
of Polit ical Science, a nd 
Professor Greb of STPA. 

Campus houSIOK remains a concern. Over two 
hund red of you are o n the wailing hst for 
dormitory or apartment space. I hope we' ll have a 
ben er Idea of your chances by the end of the 
month when neW student apphcations for housing 
arc due. In the long run, Chancel lor Atkinson has 
agam pledged his support fo r additio nal on-
campus hOUSing. 

Art" you In [cn:st~ In the nw s ul p ture tha t 
graces the lawn ~uth of HL' The artist, Richard 
Flelshner, Will' glVmg a talk on thiS piece and his 
o ther work, TuesJay , MJY l5 Jt 3:00 pm In the 
South Dining Hall (Why Not Herd). You are 
welcome 10 att<nd, but regardless, we hope you' re 
t'nJoymg thiS magmtlcent piece In an ar\!3 that 
,houlJ remain a plaLe 01 4ulet and beauty for 
rdh."(:tlon. relaxat ion. and cvcn stuJy! 

Finally, I 'J like to call your attenllon to a 
J101.rtlLularly cx.cltl n~ Fronth:rs ot &tcn\..c coursc, 
Gm"',,; The Un .... .,."" L,f,' and ""-,ety, which will 
be offe .. oJ next Fall. ThL' course IS Jescrlbed In 
detail elsewhere on thiS page and my purpose he re 
IS only to enLOu ra~e you tOLOnslder the posSibi lity 
of squeL'Zlng II Into your schedule next quarter. 

Announcing ... 
Revelle College 

Musical! 

Roger's and 
Hammer8tein '8 

Once Upon A Mattress 
May 3, 4, & 5 in Revelle Cafe 

8:00 p.m. 
Tix available @ Box Office. $1.50 or 

at the Door, $2_00 

New Face: 
Kenneth Tom 
Kenneth To m IS the neW Foreign Language 

Ho use adVisor at Revelle. H< has a stro ng Interest 
In lanil\.lages and has high hopes for bUi lding B.:agle 
back up to Its former strength . He has start<d with 
a series o f foreign fi lms o pen to all students, and 
lanil\.lagc tables once a week In Why Not Herd 

Kenneth spent two years in Gottingcn , Germany as an EAP exchange student and later returned as a 
counselor for the students. When he returned to U CSD he worked in the History Department until the 
Language House position opened. He hopes 10 crL .. te through the Language House a place where students can 
mak e close friends With common Interests. Eventually he hopes 10 have German, French and pan ish suites 
(on< for <ach sex ) whose members speak the language In their everyday lives. 

Kenneth has h igh hopes for the House which he fe~ is an important part of the University. 
W atch for more new by the House. 

May 3-5 - "Once Upon A Mattress". 8:00 pm. Rewlle Cafe. 
$2.00 at door, $1.50 at Box Office. 

May 4 - Cinco De Mayo Celebration on the Hump. Mwic 
and Food. 

May 5 - Parents' Weekend - see schedule of Etlentl in the 
PTowst's Office. 

May 7 -Israeli Dancers on the Plata at Noon 
May 10 - Noon Concert on the Plata. "Chance" 
May 11 - Sun God Fariml 
May 13 - Mother's Day! 

Spotlight on 
Students 

984 ... 85 RCC 
Ira S. Rubennein 

The main priority RC C should have is Revelle 
Itself. It is the main government for Revelle and it 
sho uld show a positive direction as an example for 
o ther Revelle Committees. An important issue 
affecting Revelle next year will be the apartments. 
How arc they gOIn!: to be involved in Revelle? They 
are nor near the Reveile Campus, so something has 
to be do ne to mak e the apartm"nts feel like a part 
of Revelle. PrO!:rammed events in Revelle also 
sho uld be i ncr~ .. sed. It SL'Cms that there haw Ix"n 
less ot Revelle "wnts thiS year than last year. If we 

mcrt:OI ,S~ ~vent s, Rt"vcllc wall ft"d mo rc lIke a 
community and the apart ments Will feel hkc part 
of Revelle. 
Neal Melton 
Revelle College .. Important to UCSD no t only 
because it was th< fi rst campus establIShed, but also 
bec.us" Revelle has one of the most popular 
cultural and SOCial environments at U 0 
CenterLoJ arounJ ItS Plam. 1 fed t hat It is Important 
to keep Revdle as a unique and Integral part of the 
univers ity. O ne priority that I think RCC sho uld 
take IS to sec that the new Student Cent<:r be 
constructed in a place to bend!t Revel le ra ther 
than to let it become " the campus way over by 
USB". I also (cd that there arc many UCS D events 
that sho uld be anno unced and adveft lS'.J much 
more effectively to the Revelle Community . 
Marianne Woo 

In the pas t yea rs, the Revell.: College CounCil 
has li sted as one of ItS primary !:oals the 
tmp ro vement o( communication amonK stuJcnlS, 
student government, and administratio n. Thro ugh 
the effo rts of thiS year 's w uncll, substantial steps 
have bt.'t! n made to achieve thiS goal. R CC 
Awareness Days haw been helJ to sohclt stuJent 
Opinion un 1SSUCS wha.: h have come bc:forl! thl: 
Council; Chancellor 's Breakfasts have given RC 
the opportunity to discuss campus concerns With 
the C hancellor: and for the first time ever, Revelle 
committees have pu bbshcd quarterly reports of 
their programming actiVIties and policy deCISions 
wh ich are available for review to both 
administratio n and the student body. Only with 
hard wo rk and Sincere concern for student opinion 
can such progress be COntinuL.J. As a candidate for 
RCC, I believe I can devote the energy to 
effl'Ctlvd y rLopr.:sent student opinIon. Thus, I hope 
that yo u Will onCe a~ain glV': me the opportunity to 
represent your IJ~S anJ concerns nt.'xt yt.'ar in 
RC . Thank you for your continued suppor t. 
Kathleen McCartan 

I " ou ld like to Sec the R,·v.·lI e olle~e Coune.! 
put eClUJ I emphaS IS on acaJem lc affalfs ,lnd 

extracurricular act ivitu:s . As a large. co mmuter 
university, a great« effort is required to maintain a 
balanced coll egiate <nvironm<nt. The student 
boards and committees should have greater 
opportunities to influence students' activities and 
participation. By increasing their significance, 
greater amountS of students wo uld become 
involved in them. Through the process offocusing 
the RC 's activi tes o n extracurricular as well as 
academic affalts , the college would be working 
towards a more w<lI-balanced university and 
student body. 
Eric Gilbertson 

1 am presently a freshman liVing o n ca mpus. I 
was a commuter , until 1 finally got housinll in 
Discovery. Th is year I have served as the Fr<shman 
A pPOintee to the Revelle College CounCil an d next 
year will serv< as an elected member. My positio n 
is both rewarding and interesting. 1 take my 
posillo n on R C very seriously and fl·d that one 
of the most Vital fa ctors nL'Cessary lor the proper 
funCtioning of student government IS student 
input. Therefo re , fed free to stop me If you see me 
arounJ campu.s and shart~ your ideas With rnt:. 

AS REVELLE REPRESENTATIVES; 
Judy Balte r 

The o ne thing which really Irritates me the most 
IS when p :ople complam about something and do 
no th ing about It . Many times I have hearJ students 
complaining about the bo .. .Jom at U .C.S.D. while 
never tr y m~ tu overcome It . I must admit 1 hay\! 
also (dt that U.C.S. D. lacks e.dtement at limes , 
Ho wever , I deciJed to emerge from the apatheti c 
majo rity and run for Revelle RepreSentafive. My 
mam b'Oal next year IS to let the students know that 
I am rc-presenting each one of them. I would like to 
IIltcrac( With more stuJcnrs and ).l:ct students 
interested and aware of the curren t lSSueS 
conccrnln~ our school You can have a say In your 
o wn b!Qvcrnmcnr. So It:t me knuw what 's un yuur 
mind! 
Jennifer Schreiber 

I want to become more Involved in our student 
government. Belng a Revelle Rep will <nable me to 
actively participate on the A .S. Board while 
encouraging more s tudents to participate. I plan on 
workmg c1oS<!ly with the othet Reps and RCC and 
will be r ... dily available to ""ar suggestions o r 
answer any qwstions students have. By making 
myself access; ble I hop; to estabbsh betlcr contact 
With the students I represent . Strengthening the 
student body o f Revelle IS the flfst step in building 
a beller relationship With theorher s.:hools and the 
entire A .. 

ANNOU 
Hey Revelle Students! 

Don't Miss Out! 
UCSD 
tf1984 

Semi,Ponnal" 
May 19 

8:00-2:00am 
Sheraton Harbor Island 

Tickets $9, UCSD Box Office 
Rebel Rockers & Dirk Debonaire 

ASIO FLOWER SALE 
FLOWER SALE: The A.S.I.O. is presently 
taking orders for corsages and boutonnieres for 
the All-Campus Semi-Formal. In addi tion to low 
pnces, we offer professional arrangements and 
convenient on-campus pick-up on the day of the 
dance, O rders may be placed at the A .S. I.O. 
booths, located on Revelle Plaza and next to the 
box office, open Monday-Friday, from 11-3. 
DEADLlN ES: Don't miss the deadlines to apply 
for Fall Internships (May 4th for California and 
National Internships and May 11th for San Oi<&<> 
Internships). We receive new internships every 
day, in a wide variety offields. Interested students 
should co me to the A.S. lnternship Office, located 
above the gameroom in the student center, o r call 
452-4382. 

Frontiers of Science 
NEWCOURSEI 

In th< f.1I of 1984, a new Frontiers of Science 
course o n the Evolution of the Universe (Gen(.'Sis: 
The Universe, Life and Humanity), Frontiers of 
Science 138, will be offered to students at UCSD 
by Revelle College. The course will deal with the 
principles underlying the process by which the 
<arly universe evolve oJ, and will range from the 
"Big Bang" to the Jevelopment of He and human 
civilization, including prospects for the future. The 
COurse will be taught by lecturers from UCSD, the 
Medical School, Salk Institute, UCLA, Berkeley, 
Scripps Institute of OceanOilraphy, Harvard. and 
the Un iversity of New Mexico. 

PretequisitL'S for the course include completion 
of the Revelle general education requirements in 
natural science or the equivalent, o r the consent of 
the instructor. The course will be under the 
direction of Professor Clifford Grobstein . 

For further information, see Lee Nichols in 
l5l2 Humanities Library Building. 

Tips 
Watch for the celebration of Health and Fitness 
Week May 18th through May 24th on our 
campus. On Friday and Saturday May 18th and 
19th UCSD will be the host for the Western 
Regional Clinic on Physical Fitness and Sports. 
For only $5, students can choose from 40 different 
sessions presented by the staff of the President's 
Council on Physical Fitness and other nationally 
kno wn clinicians. Join in and learn from the 
experts . Contact John Cates, PhD, Physical 
Education Dept., x4032 for details. 

In addi tion, the UCSD community has 
combined its expertise to present students and 
staff with over 40 free activities highliihting the 5 
health and fitness them<s fo r the week: Frida1, 
Ph".ical Fi/nas and Spans; Monda1, HeoUh 
Promocion; T ...,.day, N..mtion A_r_1 
Wedne,day, SIre.. Mana.emenl/ Th.mda1 , 
En"ironmenud Sm.ili"",,, You can choose from 
such varied programs as aerobics, water exercises, 
fencing, walks and fun runs 10 lecture discussio ns 
on alcohol and drug abuse, smoking in the 
workplace, nutrition and sports, stress reduction 
workshops, mIni physical fitness profilel, blood 
pressure checks, and many mote. Look for flyen, 
check the GuaTJian', calendar, or call Dalynn T . 
Proffitt, Student Health, Health Education, x2419 
for more details. Join the fun and learn how to be 
physically fit and healthy . 

Community Contacts 
International Student. 

The International Center has a new 
"Community Contact" program involvinll foreilln 
students and scholars with commuter nudenll and 
their famib.s with the explicit Intent that they will 
develop a reciprocal relallonship, lasting at least a 
year or perhaps throughout the visitor', stay at 
UCSO. The project was launched Spring QjJarter, 
and it will be in full SWing next fall If .11 (lUeS well. 

We would like to inVite a ll local commuter 
students and the" families to participate in this 
new program. If you are Interested In either 
program, please contact the International Center, 
452-3730, and we will contact you personally. 

Women's water polo 
emerges from the depths 
By ROBERT GEYER 

Once again the world c ries , "What's 
going on with water polo?", and the 
sage replies. "More than ever before ." At 
UCSD, water polo is in full gear with 
both a women's and men's team 
competing at surpriSingly high levels. 

For UCSD women's water polo team, 
it has been a year of development. A 
change in attirude and coaching has 
changed what used to be basically a 
social gathering into one of the top-
ranked teams in the spon. Descripnve 
of their new found position of influence 
within the sport are their recent wins 
over San Diego State 10-1 (the first time 
in Triton hiStory), Industry Hill Club 
team 10-9, and a tough second place 
finish to UC Santa Barbara in the recent 
Triton-Aztec Invitational. 

Earlier in the season, UCSD had 
faced the Aztecs with less than positive 
results . On their April 12 matchup, the 
Aztec firmly beat a still uncoordinated 
Triton squad 11-8. It wasn't long before 
UCSD would have a second chance and 

it came in the Triton-Aztec tournament . 
The Tritons were psyched and looking 
for revenge. And they did get it . SDSU 
never had a chance: UCSD had control 
throughout the game and never let 
loose, crushing the Aztecs LO-1. 

The Tritons played so well in the 
Triton-Aztec tOurnament that they made 
it into the finals against UC Santa 
Barbara (the second- or third-ranked 
team at the upcoming Nationals). The 
game was a close one, wi th both sides 
playing a strong defense . At the end of 
four . quarters the score was tied and the 
game went into overtime. UCSD took 
the lead, but was not able to hold it, 
and the overtime ended with nothing 
setded at 8-8. Sudden death was called 
and played with numerous opportunities 
to score on both sides. Yet, it was UCSB 
who was first to put it in . Coach Denny 
Harper, thinking back on the game, 
said, · We lost, but it was some great 
experience ... 

However, their greatest achievement 

Coach Denny Harper qUickly put an end co the social gathering Image. 

was in beating the powerhouse club 
team of Industry Hills. Industry Hills has 
rwo Nationals team players, rwo Junior 
Nationals team players and a National 
team goalie. As one can clearly see, IH 
has the big guns for a club team. In the 
fiTSt half of the game, UCSD's players ~ 
looked as if they didn't even know what 
they were doing in the water. Industry 
took a strong lead of 6-3. At the half. 
Harper was less than pleased , and was 
perfecdy willing to let the team know of 
hiS dIspleasure. Something must have 
clicked, for when they re-entered the 
water they were a different team. They 
really played beyond themselves, coming 
from behind to win 10-9. Essential to 
UCSD's win was goalie Jennifer Rennick 
who was outstanding In the goal WIth 
ten bloc ks and a few game-saving ones 
at that. 

So where do the women go from 
here? Where else , but to ationals at 
UC Berkeley on May 4-6. They hope to · 
do more than any other Triton team 
before. Come to think of It, they already 
have. 

Freshman co-captain Jenny Hahne helped gun down San Diego Sca te 10-1 . 

As for UCSD's men's club, team 
Sunse t Aquatics, size defi nitely means 
strength . The team has somewhere 

Color Blind? 
~ ~ ,,~.~ ~ 

It you are color blind or 
even mildly color deficient. 
we will pay you SS,OO/ hour to 
participate in perception 
experiments on the nature of 
color blindness, For more 
information contact: Kathy 
Purl or AI Nagy at 452-4162 
between 9:00 and noon, 
lVlcmaay through Friday. 

UCSD Summer Session 
ADDED 
EEeS 61 

INTRODUCTION TO COMPUTER SCIENCE (4 units) 
Electrical Engineering and Computer Science 61 
June 25 - August 24. 1984 (9 weeks) 
For more information visit the Summer SeSSion Oltice. 10 I A 
Administrative Complex or call 452-4364. 

between 45 and 50 players divided up 
into A, Band C teams. Imagine playing 
in a tournament where nearly half of the 
teams on the roster are from UCSD. 
UCSD's A team is composed mostly of 
alumni and older players from other 
teams who are In San Diego and looking 
for a team to play on. The A team is the 
best team due to its experience, 
although it sometimes seems to lack a 
little in the endurance depanment. The 
B team .is comprised mainly of next 
year's varsity UCSD team and is also 
good. The team lacks only speedster Bill 
Kazmierowicz (presently trying out for 
the OlympICS) and a little coordInation, 
still something of a threat to the 
maJonty of opposing teams. BrtngIng up 
the rear IS the C team - a collec tion of 
leftover players from too many 
directions to mention. TheIr ranks keep 
fluc tuating from the varytng degrees of 
interest and both their speed and skill 
run out halfway through a practice . But 
of the three teams, thls one seems to 
represent the one most likely for 
improvement or utter disgrace , 
whichever comes first. All three teams 
wtl l be heading north to UC Santa 
Barbara for a large tournament on May 
11-l3. 

r---------------I I JOSTEN'S I 
I Super Saver 
: Coupon 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

Bring this coupon to the 
Bookstore and save $25 on 

14K Gold or $15 on any 10K 
Gold Ring. 

The Josten's Representative will be at 
the Bookstore May 9, 10, & II. 



Ojai behind Kalamazoo ahead 
By JULIE RICHTER 

UC D's women's tennis te.lm was 
honored among numerau other 
collegiate team to participate 111 thl! 
85th Annual Opl Tournament. held In 
the secluded tennis community 01 OJal 
Valley, east or Ventura. Essentially ,1 
tennis event ror California players, it IS 
the largest tournament in the country, 
offering the greatest variety of diviSIOns . 
The top jUl1lors of the 12s, 14s, 16s and 
18s divisions play here along With 
junior college players. In men 's collegiate 
competition , the Pac Ten sc hools, 
mostly -outhern Calirorl1lan (including 
UCI.J\, U C and 'D U), split from the 
rest of the CAA to play in a se par,l[e 
diVIS ion . However, the women of all 
three ~CAA DiVISions (I. II and III) 
compete 111 one category. 

been all yea r. Concc ntmtion and 
conl"tdcnce are the two most imporlJnt 
elements." 

In the tournament , eight qualifying 
NCAA Division III teams were Invited to 
pla)/, along with 32 singles and 16 
doubles players. UCSD players Cathy 
Sturdivant, Jessica Vernon and Nadine 
Akimoto qualified in singles along with 
Lisa Gilbert as the second alternate. The 
top doubles teams or Vernon-AkimolO 
and Gilbert -Sturdivant also qualified. 

During the first twO days or the 
competition, the team championships 
are played in a "flighted " tournament. 
Unlike the NCAA Division I and II 
championships, in which school teams 
play one another, in DiVISion lII , 
individual players arc matched against 
each other in a draw according to their 
night. Essentially, all number-one players 
compete exclusively with each other, all 
number-twos play each other, and so 
on. Two players are sceded per night. 

Every time a match is won , the sc hool 
team gets one pOint. The advantage to 
this is that singles players can gai n 
recognition ror their play within their 
night. II also makes the tOurnament 
much more unpredictable, as scores are 
tallied graduaUy according to individ'ual 
matches. 

For the Tritons. the tournament 
proved encouragll1g and was good 
practice .lOd e'<perien e ror the 
upcomll1g ationJls tournament next 
week. The doubles team of NadlOe 
Akllnoto and Jessica Vernon fought their 
opponen ts of DIVISion I U C to th e end , 
10sll1g 6-2 . 7-6. Cathy turdlwnt lost in 
the first round to a player lrom 
Pepperdll1e 6-{) . 6-1. LI a Gilbert 
advanced to the second round , edgll1g 
out Cheryl Rodgers of Westmont 7-6, 7-
6 , despite 30-mile-per-hour wll1ds. One 
hour later, Gilbert faced the number-one 
player rrom tanrord and lost 6-0, 6-0. Glenna Moses (#5 Singles seed) and the Western Region -champion Tritons head to Kalamazoo. 

After this competition, on Wednesday 
and Thursday, the top 32 girls from all 
Division III schools meet in the 
individual championships. 

As the "Head" number-one ranked 
team 111 the nation In NCAA Division III , 
coach LIZ Dudash L1 Plante's squad is 
now concentrating on the lour-day 
national c hampionships opening 
Monday, May 7 at Kalamazoo, Michigan. 
Ir UCSD were to ca pture the title , it 
would be the team's first n.ltional title 111 

ItS 13-year history. Although ,the Tritons 
hJve never \\'on an CAA Division III 
champIOnship , they came as close as 
Lhree points away rrom first place In 1982, 
when they placed second nauonaUy. 
Last year, UCSD finished firth . 

"We reel it has been our year," saId 

PRESIDENT'S 
UNDERGRADUATE 

FELLOWSHIP 
The President's Undergraduate Fellowship Program 

Competition for 1984-85 is now open. This program is 
designed to assist exceptionally talented undergraduate 
students to carry Ol,lt special studies and/or projects under 
faculty supervision during term time and/or vacation. Such 
projects may include research and/or other creative 
activities. 

A stipend is awarded for each winning project and is 
scaled to established need as reflected in the cost of the 
project. 

Applications are available in your College Student Financial 
Services otnce in the Administrative Complex. 

The deadline for submission of all required documents will 
be MlJy 25, 1984. 

DAVID JAY GAMBEE 
FELLOWSHIP 

The David JayGambee Fellowship Competition for 1984-85 
is now open. David Jay Gambee was a Revelle student who 
was killed in a traffic accident just prior to the 1978-79 
academic year, A fellowship fund has been set up in his 
memory to assist undergraduate students to carry out special 
studies and projects in Student Government and/or 
ecological values clarification. 

Such studies and projects may include research and/or 
other creative activities. The program requirements are the 
same as for the President's Undergraduate Fellowship 
Program Competition. 

Applications are IJvaiiable in your college Student Financial 
Services Office in the Administrative Complex. 

The deadline for submission of all required documents will 
be May 25, 1984. 

coac h La Plante. "What the girls need is 
to psyc hologically play their best and 
reel good about themselves. Sometimes it 
is just a matter of nerves. Strokewise , 
talentwise and as far as physical ability, 
the team is capable or winning. They 
just have to reiax and playas they have 

Before Lheir seven o 'clock morning 
night to Kalamazoo, the Tritons wiu be 
hosting their laSt rnatch of the season 
this Friday, May 4 , against United States 
International UniverSity. Play begins at 2 
pm on the Matthews Courts. 

--rocus:--~ 
MARTIAL ARTS 
An Evening of Performance l!t Participation 

fri., May 4 • 8-10 pm • Main Gym 
Per{onnance: Exhibitions by: 

Aoinagi Karate • Taekwondo • Aikido 
rai Chi Ch'uan • Tang Soo Do 

Shotokan ~ate· ShaoIin Kung fu 
Combative Arts 

Participation: 
Mini-Instructional Clinics for all interested spectators. 
Wear loose clothing & tennis shoes. Open to all UCSD 
students, staff & faculty. 

x4037 

-----Sports Spots 

Men's Crew 

The men's crew team heads north this weekend to compete against the top seven 
teams in the state in the Newport Invitational. Second-year coach Jon Lawson's Junior 
Varsity Eight team remains undefeated and is ranked first in the state, dereating 
powerhouse opponents such as USC, Long Beach State, San Diego State and Loyola 
Matymount. For coxswain Diana Fairbanks, along with strokeman Paul Winkler, Dorian 
Swerdlow, Dan laMont, Tony Demeo, Mike Sheny, Mike Wensley, Derek Kuhl and 
Lance Merker, the Newport Invitational wiU prove the supreme test this year. The 
Tritons wiu also race in the Varsity Eight, the Lightweight Eight and the Novice classes. 

Last. week against locals USD and SDSU, in the City Championships at Mission Bay, 
the Truon JVs cruised to a lengthy win ror UCSD's only first place finish on the day, as 
State won the other three races. 

Against USC, only the Novice team lost, as the Varsity and Lightweight boats won by 
huge 20-second margms, and the JV team won by an even more impressive time. 

The six teams UCSD will race in the Newport Invitational are UCI.J\, Cal, UC Irvine, 
Long Beach State, USD and San Diego State. 

Women's Crew 

For ten-year coach Jack Vallegra, the tradition remains alive. His women's crew team 
is ranked number-one in Southern Calirornia, due in large part to the Heavyweight 
Eight team which has remained undefeated all year long. 

Last month , the heavyweights knocked orf USC, then rollowed up with a drubbing of 
Loyola Marymount, In the City Championships on April 21. the Tritons out-rowed local 
rivals USD and SDSU. FinaUy, last Saturday, UCSD defeated USD in a dual meet. 

The Lightweight Eight is rated second in Southern Cal, arter having finished second 
in the City Championships and third in the Crew Classic. 

UCSD will participate in the Oxnard All-American Regatta this Saturday at Channel 
Islands Harbor, competing against the top schools in Southern Calirornia. The Tritons 
are ranked second in the regatta behind San Diego State. Other schools competing are 
UC Santa Barbara, Loyola Marymount, UCLA, USC, Long Beach State and USD. 

Campus Recreation 

The Office of Campus Recreation , in conjunction with the myriad of martial arts 
clubs and classes on campus, will be presenting a Martial Arts Festival on Friday, May 
4 rrom 8-10 pm in the Main Gym. 

The restival will present exhibitions and demonstrations by representatives and 
students or Taekwondo, rai Chi. Aonagi Karate, Shaohn Kung Fu, Tang 500 Do, 
Combative Arts and Shotokan Karate. These martial arts represent a wide range of hard 
and SOrt styles and diSCiplines rrom China, Korea,Japan and the Philippines. 

This rree exhibition will give the prospective martial arts student a reel ror the 
similarities and differences between the different arts and might aid in selecting the 
martial art best suited to his or her needs. 

Drop by the Main Gym and discover the dynalTIlc world of UC D mamal arts. 

• • * 

Also , the Trit n Pub will be the ~cene or the Flr't Annual World-Wide Trivial PursUit 
Tournament (although It will be lill1lted to U D stude nts thl year). The singles 
tou rname nt will kick oft Proml tly at 6 pm o n Wednesday. May 16. 

SAl ... ; 
Daydreams 
lantasy 
Mythl 
Legends 
Illusions 
r~of 
Imagination 

We've got them all, 
a.nd then some! That 
includes all your 
fa.vorite Marvel comics 
88 well 88 Marvel back-
issues, paperbacks, 
posters, collectors' 
items and much more. 

I Browsers welcomel 

, 

The Comic Gallery 
4224 Oalboa Ave. 

San Diego, CA 92117 
(corner of l3a15oa & Clairemont DrJ 

- Next to Food l3asket -
(619) 483-4853 

Copyrlghr <>1984 MoNel Como<> c:ro.." 
A DMsioo of coa.nce Indu!rr~ CoIp. 
All nctn r.,..,....,,;. 

lbu told her~ have 
your own Place. 

W'IIHI haVe to ten )'OUr 1"OOIIUIIBtes. 

Yuu 'v.: bn:n try,"¥ Iv ~ (0 koow ~r ~ IlneC 
d~ bqpnninM Q( the: term. And ",hen ,he nwnn~ 
huw hlr.! It II to sruJv In t~ Jorm. you. ... J . " My 
pial:C If m..:c anJ qUln. Cum&' on OVl', IInJ stuJy With 
R"Ir," 

Yvur ruummatn wcren't ~ry happy about It. 
But 41 ft"., • llttl~ pn$Ual.lin" (~y 
J«.IJcJ th...· Joubk f~a(Ufe at t~ 
IkJou mt¥ht be worth ta.'ihl. 

·rr..:Y 'f~ pretty spt'Cw trknJI. 
AnJ thcyJckr~a~t.ll1 'Thank .. ' 
Su. tomaht, let It bt- Wwenbrlu , 

LOwenbriiu.llere's to ~_~~.¥ 
) 



T ennis anyone? 
By]OHN NEE 

Despite the fact that nearly everyone 
in the U niled States (or at least 
Southern California) has played tennis, 
there still arises a good deal of 
confusion , not [Q mention controversy, 
about the tenninology used m rulings 
during a tenms match. 

This past weekend I watc hed the final 
match o f ,I major women's tenms 
tournament . the name of whIch escapes 
me nght nu\\'. Dunng this time I was 
rem mded of.l bnguage that I had nO[ 
spoken ror qui te ome time. Three years, 
to be exact 

In my older (a nd , needless to say, 
more .Iffiuent) days, l11y home had a 
tcnnis court . ThiS made my hume .I very 
popular place lor the other chlidren on 
the street to congregate at on the 
weekends. During thiS lime I hecame 
vague!> acquamted With the game of 
trnl1ls . whde gammg a sketchy 
und.:rst.lnding of I.:nnisspeak. 

Fllst 01 cIIl . .1 gamc 01 tcnnls IS not 
Just .I g,lIne , It '~ a matLh . The teml 
"mJtch" Imll1eJI ,.Hely ,l(Jds .I cen.lln air 

---.---

.---. 

TH[ UNCOM 1M . IT 
DOSEQgIS 

[Q the game which cannot be described 
m tht s small space. Tennis aficionados 
will argue this point . stating that theirs 
is an honorable sporr Jeserving of this 
particular monicker. These afiCIOnados 
wdl lurther argue th<lt a g,lme is merely 
,j mmute particle m the ove rall scheme 
01 things Uhings being tennis). 

Between a game and a match comes a 
subordll1ate unit known as a se t. 
Wmnmg J set dues nO[ necessarily 
mean wmning a match , although it 
could me.Jn , in highly competitive 
CIrcles. wmning man>' thousantls of 
dollars. 

The met.:hanics of ,I game m tennis 
compnse the backbonc uf the entire 
world of tcnJ1 is. The n rst persun to 

/ 

score -+0 points W1I1S. This may seem 
like a lot ur pOints to go th rough just [Q 
\\1n J game, but such tS not the case. As 
a g.Jme progres es. each successive 
POInt increases III value logarithm\CJlly 
In ot her words, the first scoring level I 
zero. The next IS 15. followed hy 30 and 
II nail), -+0. Alter g.llllll1g more than 40 

points , a playe r wins a game, and the 
victor thell has one POll1t in the set. 

This may seem very straightforward , 
but it isn't by any means. On further 
inspection , one ser;:s that the game ca n 
become confUSing and 
incomprehensible. When the score is 
15-0 it is called "fifteen~love." But what 
is love? For th,l[ matter, what is fifteen? 
Why isn't nrteen one? Why does a 
tOuchdown COUnt seven POllltS? 

Besides calling zero "love ," tenms also ' 
labels a 4O-point lie a "deuce ." This is 
clearly absurd and should be changed , 
but tradition mandates that we play by 
the rules or that we don't play at aU -
or, if we are exceedingly good at not 
playing by the rules, that we play on the 
proressional circuit. 

~hat tennis bOlls down to is a game 
ror the weU-[Q-do and the ne'e r-do-well. 
Ne'er-do-we lls are hkely g,lIlgs of La Jolla 
house\',rives playing on public coun s as 
opposed to the luxurious faci lt ties or the 
pnvate club. 

Te nnls IS the sport or the lutllre 
marred by idiosyncmsies of the pa~t . 

'C()MI~f3 
"" TT~""CTl()~i 

~:~~f" -~. 
'4(j 7 - :l ~CJ:l 
Introductory Special 

with thill ad Ollly 

12 Haircuts 
.... ~ for students 

" ,ill, selected hairstylists 
I'L'gu lariy ::i2:.! (wOInen), " I!! (men ) 

Nails 
S,lIlplllllt' \ '1111.<, rrl.(. $ ' /fI, lUI 1/' $2.5 
/·ill.<. n 'l.( $:!Ii. 11111/' :;; 1.5 
.1/I/I"tI" ".<. I'll.(. -'ii, 110/1' $5 
I ~ tI inf I'n, J ~ J)!. S J a, '''JU' $ 12 
'11111'1/,. Ilrllp, I'/'I!. Sf./. IWI/' $ 12 

H9S0 I ' j/J(I ttl jollu Dr. 
SIIi/r 1122 

La jt//Jl', Ca, 920:Ji" 
Off,r e.rpins;) 9 HI 

fF=IEDS 
Claaslfled advertIling ' space il IOld in 100 
character incrementl , Each letter, 
punctuaHon mark and lpace bet\,..n 
wordsil conlidered a charaet." with capital 
letters counting as two choracters. The rate Is 
$1.(10 per 100 characterl lor ltudentl and 
$3.00 per 100 characl8rl lor non-atudents. 
You mull come by the office or mall in your 
ad, as _ require payment In acNance 01 
publication. Deadlines: 5 pm Tuesday 'or 
Thursday's paper; 5 pm Friday lor Monday's 
paper. For more InformaHon, call 452-3466. 
The Guardian, UCSD, &016, La Jolla, CA 
92093. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 

Alpha Omlaon PI is looking forward to seeing 
aU the Greeks at the GREEK RON PAATY Sot. 
May 5th 9-1 . Let's show UCSD our spiritl! (5/3) 
"AERODYNAiV1ICS of high altitude. high 
performance vehicles" will be given by Harry 
James of Teledyne Ryan Aeronautical on 
Wed. May 9 at 7:30 pm in UH 2102. Sponsored 
by Mechanical Eng. ClUb. (5/7) 
TKE welcomes the sororities of UCSD to their 
upcoming Pre-Cinco de Mayo fiesta on 
quatro de Mayo. 9:00. (5/3) 
INSURANCE WARI We'll beat any price or we 
don't want your business Call 286-1135. 
Request UCSD Plan. (5/7) 
Wanted: Watermelon Queen. Reward: 550. If 
tound, please turn in at Revelle Prov:s OIc. by 
6/4. (5/17) 
It's comingl Irs coming! It's coming! It's 
coming! Come join us In the Delta Gamma 
Splash May 12. (5/10) 
'Den't miss this' fhe 1984 UCSD Sami-Formal 
- May 19 at the Sheraton Harbor Island. nx. 
S9ea At UCSD Box Office. (5/7) 
Need Cosh? Earn 5500+ each school year. 2-4 
(flexible) hours per \0',/991( placing and filling 
posters on campus. Serious workers only; we 
give recommendations. Coli roN for summer 
& next fall. 1-!nJ..243-6679. (5/3) 
Come get wet with the DG's at the Della 
Gamma Splash on May 121 (5/10) 
Get wet. wild, and crazy 01 the Delta Gamma 
Splash on May 141 (5/14) 
M M'IElrican Werewolf in Londanll This Friday. 
May 4. USB 2722 8:00 and 10:00 pm. Tickefs 
51.75 of Box Office. (5/3) 
'1984 UCSD Sami-Formal' Dance to Dirk 
Debonaire ond the Rebel Rockers- fix . 59ea. 
Available nawl (5/7) 

FOR SALE 

'77 Centurion 10-speed bike. good condo 
great lor school 595 or best. must sell. Therese 
455-1908. (5/3) 
Trek 10-speed tour bike. Good condo front 
pack. strefch shorts. pants, gloves, incl. S 170. 
or offer 488-3139. ( 5/3) 
koustic Bass Amp, Model 120 head with 402 
speaker cabinet. orlg. owner, excellenl condo 
$375 Doug. 453-2464. (5/3) 
Video cassette recorder, RCA VHS, 4event, 
7day, electronic tuner $250, Jeff. 450{)267, 
452-2617. (5/3) 

Conlputer. Datapolnt 1500 64K Supports 4 
users 10MB Hard DISC 1MB Floppy Disc S6OJO 
Call 454-3351 (5/3) 
. 72 BUick Skylark, auto, air. PS. PB, 93k. runs 
strong but needs brakes relined and 2 tlfes 
517.38623 plus tax Doug 453-2464 (5/3) 
1-way air fare to Milwaukee via Denver. 1/2 
price, fly before May 5 no restnctlon. Coil 
DaVid 755-2465 (5/3) 
1966 Dodge Dart. needs some work, reliable 
transportatIOn S4OO. Bill 483-6579. (5/3) 

WANTED 

Daughters 18 and over of divorced 
homosexual and heterosexual mothers 
needed for research study. Only 2-3 hrs. 01 
YOUI time needed. All Is confidential. Call 459-
2100 leave message for Julie. Please help! 
(5/14) 
ATHLETIC MAlE MODELS: for San Diego Sports 
Calendar, each month a different sport, no 
experience necessary, Send photos/ 
background to : SDSC PO 33272 SO 92103. 
(5/7) 
• Artists/Writers needed for new college 
publ lcalion Please call today for 
aSSignments (619) 578'{)702 (5/3) 
Watermelon Queen for annual drop. Contoct 
Revelle Provost's Ofc. For more Info. (5/3) 
OVERSEAS JOB ... Summer, yr. round. Europe, S. 
Nner., Australia, Asia. All fields. S9OO-2000 mo. 
Sightseeing. Free Info Write UC, PO Box 52-
CAW COlona Del Mar, CA 92625. (5/7) 
PART-TIME live-in houseworker, Sal .. Fum. Rm., 
La Jalla. Reliable-congenial273-5458. (5/7) 

HOUSING 

tax break parents: buy conda. rent to kids 2br 
200 view close to UCSD. Private 79.5 call 270-
1219 message. (5/3) 
Summer sublet needed from late May thru 
early Aug. IIIVO morried UCLA law students 
working for S.D. law firms. Coli Eva or Don 
Casas (21 3) 391-6668 Collect. (5/10) 
Male roommate needed tor Mission Beach 
conda from May 1 to June 30. On lhe beach 
with a balcony and potlO. great for surf loving! 
Only $162.5O/ ma. Share room. 270{)349. Coli 
now!I!1I (5/3) 

SERVICES 

WORD PROCESSING: Speedy service. Pickup 
& delivery on campus. Call Andy at 279-8056. 
(6/7) 
I TYPE AND EDIT FOR $1 .50 per page. Excellent. 
fast service. Call Elaine. 224-0329. (5/17) 
Typing - Term papers - dissertations -
theses - resumes. Fast, reasonable. PB area. 
Carole 483-9109. (5/10) 

The Professional School 
,,11 H"I1 ""l1<11( )1 ".11<'., 

A Graduate School of 
Professional Psychology 

Harold Gn:t:J1wald, Ph .D., President 

The ProfeSSional School is offering partial scholarship for bOlh Ihe M.A. and Ph .D. 
COUNSEUNG PSYCHOLOGY programs for Winter Quaner. Our graduates qualify for 
licensing in Ihe Siale of California, bOlh as PSYCHOLOGISTS anu/ or as Mamage, Family 
and Child Therapists. 

A distinguished .faculty 0/ experienced psychologiSh oDer classes specifically designed for 
wornlng prcifesslOPwls. Clas,cs are held III Ihc CI'cnlllgs and on wanends throughout 
Calijornia and ;pCtwl jOllnals h' lI'C been se l up 10 accolllmodate OW-OFSlatf srudnlf s. 
Recenl faLulty lectures haw ine/wkcl such rewg'li::ccd aullwlitlt:s a, GrIng" Bach, Alhal 
Ellb , Nalh(/Illcl Bra'ltion. Erv arId Minolll Polslt'!' (/nd Zcrlw MOIell(l 
For Jurtha lIl/onnaric)IJ call or 11'11/1.' hJ: The Profess/onaISchool, 2425 StHl DlegoAl'c. , (/ 11 
Diego. C(I 92 110, (6 19) 296-44 72. (Lca l1l1ng tClllt"" 10 alcd Ihmughoul CaIYoll1l(1). 

TYPING-WORD PROCESSING, Term Papers, 
Dlssertalons. Reasonable Rates, North 
County-124.{)977. (5/ 3) 
Typing. word processing, tape transcription 
Quality work at reasonable rates La Jolla 
Sandy, 459-5818 (6/7) 
UNWANTW HAIR REMOVED PERMANENTLY 
near campus. La Jolla ProfeSSional Center, 
8950 Villa La Jolla Dr. Suite 1160-C Coli for 
oppt 457-4039. (6/7) 
Typlngl Word Processlngl Rush jobsl Term 
papers. theses, resumes. transcription. 
Jennlfer@l274-5005. (6/7) 
TYPING: IBM RUSH JOBS lerm popers theses 
dissertations ediling453-0656 (eve )452-1588. 
(6/7) 
Manuscripts, theses. dissertations. resumes 
typed. Experienced. 51 page OS Betty 755-
4779.(5/24) 
Get Typed! term popers. manuscripts 51 per 
page English MA Janet 454-4659 10 am-9 
pm. (5/3) 
Typing/Word Proc . Theses/Dlss/Papers. 
Experienced - Reasanable Rates - fop 
quality. Vista 726-3087. (5/17) 
TYPING! ONLY 5 1.25/ pg. Call Revae to arrange 
pick-up and delivery - 453-CXJ67 (5/3) 
High quality. fast, accurate typing at special 
rate for students. Same day service. 16 yrs expo 
Call Fery 452-1393 anytime (5/3) 
Typing SaNice - All types, kademic-
Business-Personol S100 dauble spaced, S2.OO 
SIngle spaced 426-1347 (5/3) 
Computerized typing/word processing. Fast, 
reliable. Term papers, theses. dissertations. 
481-0268. (5/10) 
fop Drawer Secretarial SaNIce reports, 
manuscripts, resumes. letters. Reasonable 
call 481-4160. (6/7) 
Traffic Classes. Court approved. Sat. Sun, eves. 
urC. Mission Valley, Torrey Pines Inn. Reg. 565-
1767. (5/7) 

LOST Be FOUND 

Lost. Gold bracelet on 4-26 between Bia-Mad 
& plaza or ? High sentimental value, Please 
call 453-9745. Generous reword , (5/7) 
Lost: Nationol Samiconductor "Mathemati-
cian" Calculator in vicinity of Revelle 
Commuter Lounge or HL on evening of 
4/24/84. If found, please call 748.{)620. 
Reward. (5/7) 
LOSf: Plain-ring key chain with 2 sets of keys 
( moped. hOusekey & room key). SSREWARDSS 
Please call 453-4047. (5/7) 
SReward5Lost my notebook! Standard UCSD 
bookstore 3 pocket notebook dark green 
cover. near Central Library Apr. 20th call 283-
3564. (5/3) 
Losl a Minolta camera and vlvitar lens at Che 
Cole. If lound please contact Tom 273-2615. 
Reward! (5/3) 
Lost: April 13 blue backpack with natebooks 
and textbook. If found please COli 453-6117. 
Reward: $4Q or best dfer. (5/3) 
Lost: Desperately needed blue nylon wallet 
with keys attached. Lost Friday. 4-20 on Third 
Campus. Coli 455-7546. (5/3) 
Lost wallet blue velcro lost 4/ 17 please call 
272-6540 reword. (5/3) 

FormII' IoNS. ILIPIMIor will'! 1 1 ,.... 
CIIPCricIICC will hIndc III IrnITt9ation IIIItten, 

IncIudIn$ 

• hnMnInt .... dance 
• NRftIIuIIon 
• TI..,", WOlle ..... 
.AIyUR 
.... d.nt ..... 
.D ....... 1kM 
• LIbor CW'tIfIadon 

w. provIdI ~ r ••• he InItIII 
~ For men 1I1b1MIioI1 call: 

Ilobcrt .... 
......, .. &... 

734 ScventII Ave".,., SIn DieSO. CA 9il0l 

'" 0955 

PERSONALS 

WHERE'S THE BEAR? We ore looking for recruits 
to help us see It anyone's In there. Must have 
kroNledge of E-LiP-DICK-Al orbitals and 
Uoyd·s pmheadlous constant . Coli WEB-LIPS or 
p()()'BEAR (5/3) 
Loren. Rick. Phillip, Ron, Dan, Chod, Shawn, 
John, Randi, Ed and Jim: Welcome to Delta 
s.gma Phi ! Brutal. (5/3) 
What would you do ~ your fiance said. "Sorry 
honeydew. but I cant~loupe"? $50 & the 
coveted post of Watermelon Queen goes to 
the seediest response. Apply at the Provosrs 
Office by 6/4. (5/17) 
Wendy: Happy 21stl You sure know how to 
Ihrow a rool partyll You're a terrifiC AOII sisl 
Love. Nancy. (5/3) 
Don't miss An Amerlcon Werewolf in London! 
8:00 and 1000 pm in USB 2722 this Friday, May 
4. Tickets S1.75 at Box Office. (5/30) 
Men age (18-30) whose father has been 
diagnosed as alcoholic are needed for 
brainwave experiments at the Salk Institute 
pay 530.00-550.00. Coli 453-4100 ext 419. 
between noon and 500. (5/10) 
1iey Kelly. Thanks for the other night - it was 
fantastlclll can't tell you how good it feels -
YOU're definitely no bUbblegummer when the 
Chips are down. Thank you, thank you. thank 
you. Love. you know who. (5/3) 
fo our little sisters, You're the best. Love. the 
brothers of fau Kappa Epsilon. (5/3) 
Thank you! To whoever tumed my keys into 
EDNA last Fri. You really saved me a lot of grief. 
Thanks!! (5/3) 
Irs a bay! ( 140 lb. 80 oz ) We would like to take 
this opportunity to welcome Paul Ayers to our 
immediate family. Your big bros: Steve T.. Jahn 
D., Jahn R., Sam R" and your big sisters: Susan 
G. and Rossanna. (5/3) 
Beware the Werewolf in USB 2722 on Friday. 
May 4. 8:00 and 1000 pm. Tickets at Box 
Offlcie. (5/3) 
Pregnant? Choose alternatives to abortion. 
San Diego Pro-Life League Hotline: 583-5433. 
941 -1515. (5/7) 
Congratulations to our Alpha Omicron Pi 
pledges: Lisa, MiChelle, Susan, Shelley, Mary, 
Jane and Scm I You're terrific women and a 
great asset to the sorority. We love yolll! (5/3) 

TRAVEL 

Council travel/CIEE provides information on 
student charters. rallpasses, Int'I student id's, 
hostel cards. tours for ages 18-35. work and 
study programs, and much more. Stop by the 
Student Center or call 452-0630. (6/7) 
AIRFARES, WorlcMilde forstudents. lnt'l student 
I.D. cards, tours, railpasses, experienced 
advice. All your travel needs - Student Travel 
Network, 1551 Camino del Rio South - 692-
9213. (6/7) 
Catalina Islond Camping Trip . May 26-28 
(Memoria l Da y weekend). Includes 
transportatIOn, boat over to the island. & 
camping permits, Getaway Tours 268-8843, 
oxtension 370. (5/3) 

PROGRAMS 
WANTED 

Do you own a program 
with commercial valuer We 
are looking for programs 
that can be converted to 
the 16 bit Sanyo 
computers. Let our 
nationwide distribution 
channels bring you 
royalties. Please call Facts 
Online for an evaluation: 
(619) 483·5393. 

.. 

-



16 Mu J 19 4 

THE BUDMAN WI HES YOU ALL 
A HAPPY RANKING! 

As we move into the merry month 
of May, that irra cible little fella 
that you've all come to love and hate 
in the arne entence, the Budman, 
is still thinking of you. 

In fact, for the first time in 
recorded hi tory he has allowed hi 
team of computer trained pecialist 
the freedom to do a thorough 
analysis of every ingle team sport 
that is currently going on at UCSD 
during the pring quarter. 

This monumental undertaking 
ha never before been pos ible, but 
due to the recent acqui ition of the 
late t tate-of-the-art technology, 
the Budman ha commissioned his 
computer nerd to give us the 
complete rundown on all 1M Sport 
as we go to pre (Tuesday). The 
sophi tieated ranking system took 
year to perfect and only now ha 
been made ble to all s s. 

The computer oftware not only 
recruits the obvious won-lost 
record, point differential, and 
what-have-you, it al 0 take into 
consideration the outfit you wore 
to last night' game, the brand of 
badminton racquet you used on 
Monday nights, the attitude that 
you brought to your la t match 
(drunk don't get rated), and the 
type of beer you party with ... after 
the game. Chancellor Atkinson 
asked us to figure in grade-point 
averages, but the mere thought of all 
those 3.89s running around in our 
computer sent the Budman 
currying for cover. Gue s he didn't 

want to overload a good thing. 
Well, once and for all, here they 

are in black-and-white. The large t 
glut of non-information ince the 
la t phone book wa printed. Read 
'em, weep and remember: they only 
la t for one week! 

UCSD 
ULTIMATE 

DISC la,d UCSD MEN'S AA I "amp (:l01 l Lllhe, of the Field (:1·01 
.I ZBT (lO) 

RASKING 

Ra>laman Vlbrallun 1.1·0, 
2 Ret urn II( nence Il II 
.I Budman ~",allo", I~·(JI 
4 Tl!am ~hroom II 01 
3 Alcohohc, l nanrmuu, 1(j. 11 
ME AA 
I A Lillie Bu of '1 h" 12·01 
2 Your Cleat or (" (:1·01 
3 We Like 10 rare (1111 
4 Papain n·o) 
;; Adolf and Ihe !lewar (:illl 
WOMEN'S 
I Warped DISC, 12·U. 
~ Beller Luck 111 1(j.1 

GF·GA 
.IJ.ll 
111-21 
111-7 
1(j.0 
Il·J:J 

GF·GA 
:1:1·4 
.II Ii 
.14 · 1~ 
J(j., 
I i 

(,F·GA 
Uti 
>-Ii 

INTRAMURAL 
SOFTBALL 
Intramural SoftbaH 

Ratings as of April 30 

ME I ' AAA 
I Pro(oalhlellc, (J.O/ 
l Hard"ood (lOI 
:1 (.etA Gnp 12·1 j 
4 Brulal Pupp)dog, (l· 11 
;; BUll ' Iale (11)1 
6 Shdlng Drabo, Il II 

Boffo, III I 
I' Reclamallc, Il I 
!l fned Iguana Breath III 

4 Wee ~uk (3-01 
:; Viva Ceneza Il·OI 
6 Dead ~leal (lOI 
7 The H ar"ther~ (l·O) 

Farm Animal NO'lnl, (J·OI 
9 La'l Chance Inn 1:1-0) 
10 Jon~lO .... n Ral' (201 
COE D AA 
I ~ha" n 's O. R. Gang (3·01 
2 andl and Ihe \\lave, (J·OI 
3 IIUll ' Iale (2·0) 
4 A Fe" Good GU)" & A Couple 

Of lIuche- (2·0) 
;; Lerov\ Knee Cap. (I 01 
h OUI of COnlrol (2 I I 
7 lIad Knee. (lll 

Fourth World 1:1- 1) 
ill "pank Ihe ;\Ionkel .\Iama 1 I I) 9 anlaVeheela 1211 10 1111 Dirl Cheap 1<1 II 

UCSD INTRAMURAL 
VOLLEYBALL 

The Bud Poll (1M Volleyball Ratings) 
Thru April 30 

COEU A 
I ' Iamdanllo 16·01 

Delta, ( I 
Piking Pruce--'t 16-.1 1 
:'<io Thank I m Ilm II1H II; :11 
'1 he Big hid , I.' 4 

COEU AA 
I J"" \ "lIelball :>eXIl'1 I~~(J , 
:! ~et It ~lJrgtl It I" I 
.I '>crendlplIou, :'<i('II,·" I.! 01 
l Prute ...... lfmal .. (., I I 
) ~"n c' ~'"u Righi I~ II 

h \L .... \\t: ~l'nt· You l h':~ · 
I :\u .\ ;tl1lt"S ti' :!1 
" HUlnp. ~.·t. amI I" \ .lk.,,1 ,I 
'J fttluTi \\lddlfTj.! BilII I) I 
III \IJhl,.b ) III 
UJ~.I) , \ 

UCSD 
INTRAMURAL 
SOFTBALL 

~1EN'SA 
I Peabodl' Plnkl 11111 
~ 11 0 H I c...\ 1:101 
.1 Llngu,men 1301 
I lIIeglillnale Falher- I.HII 
:i I'he Lagging IndlcalOr, CI·O} 
6 tele Ho\\e'" No 140} 
• lIalbu). for Arbllrallon (3·0) 

;\lalalhond" •. \1araude" 13·0) 
9 TheBo,'''llh Ihelllgllal'IJ'OI 
10 Draft Uodge" (2· 1) 

WOMEN 
I BUlh 10 You (30) 
:! LJ· Ireel Band tJ·01 
3 Fehne Ume (2·01 
1 Second Wind (l· 11 
:; San VltgO ;\Iadres Il l ) 
6 7 PM or Bu,1 II II 

COED A 
I AIn'1 Got ThaI ' " 109 (.1.01 
~ Beer Feel (3·Oj 
J Eldo & Ihe mur(, 13.0) 
4 The Far Side 13·01 
5 .. amp (3 0) 
6 HI>" Can Th" Be 12 UI 
I Let '. Go Guy, 12.01 
!l Land,hark. 13·0) 
9 Ball Behnng, (lOI 
10 Your Ba Or Mine tI 01 

COED A DORM 
I D·llulldlng Dnnker. ( Ihlrd) 3· 0 
l F·Troop (Third) 20 
:1 Wack 'em& Catch'em(Mulrll 0 
4 The J{elurn o( Ihe Apalhetl , 

(MUir) 1·0 
:; Preparallon L <Third) 2· 1 
6 AJlI S (MUir) 1·0 
7 Jucks and Jockeltes (MUir) J.() 
M Old·I:: BUI Good·I:: (Thlrdl 1·1 
9 B·Bulldlng Booze" (Th ird) 1· 1 
10 J im Jone. and Ihe Kool Aids 

:Mulr) 1·0 

THE 
TIIE 

UCSD INTRAMURAL 
WATERPOLO 

Week Three· Intramural Polo Rankings 
COED AA DlVI ' ION 
1 Fluallc, (l·U) 
2 ru ·lle or Not ru De (:1·01 
3 T~I rube Babl (l O) 
4 MueCrue (2· 1) 
j IttlngOuck ' tl·l, 

COED AA DIVISION 
I Cou,., Kid, (:1-0) 
l wamp (3·0) 
J Rubber Guards II (l·OI 
4 J elly fish (3·01 
5 KaulOnka (2· 1) 
6 WeI Shots (3·01 
7 Brother Jeds (J'O) 

GF·GA 
:;,1·7 

77-37 

~5-7 
:12·34 
5().4M 

GF·GA 
:19-4 
61 · 11 
37·2 
52·J5 
46-14 
32·3 
45-18 

H ThIS Is It (2·0) 29-19 
9 N eenerhead, o( Doom (3·0) 32·10 
10 Fungu, (30) 38-15 

COED A DIVISION 
I Logs On Golden Pond (2 I) 
2 5 Inch Bal Wings (~·II 
3 TubmTekes ( 10) 
4 Bela Blocke" \2 11 
;) Rubber Bagel~ (~}) 

GF·GA 
36- 19 
:10':16 
12·6 
18-1 11 
~()'23 

COMMENT 
PlaYing hke ballie-h ll> In a 
gold("h btl" I 

at to be Ih" )'ear unle" FI'JdIlC' 
fold 
Need some lerllitzallun 
Aqua Co,,, reVisued clre'a 1977 
The dyna.,ly " over 

COMME T 
Got >ome dc(en>e Ihl' quaner 
Sandbagging again as u,ual 
Plenl) experience "'lIh Ihe 
h(esaler 

lilt 1001<1ng lor more , I 109 
Wallmg 10 be lesled 
Sleeper leam o( Ihe }ear 
Hale been beallng Up on weak 
:,ISler-; 
ThaI 's \\ hal you Ihlnk 
Doomed again (rom t he tart 
.'IIeed Itl gru\\ a IUlie fa~ler 
COMMENT 
'wn to be LOST on golden pond 

Xeed III f1,' higher wun thl group 
~1I11 tl)lng 10 be GrOOI In ' Greeks 
:\lIght be Ihe team to beal 
NOl a, .. 'OOd a, I he old da~ 

UCSD INTRAMURAL 
BADMINTON 

TEAM BADMINTON 
RANKINGS 
I Orren! Express (:1-0) 
2 Killer (3·0) 
:I Jamah (3-0) 
4 AMC (3·0) 
:; A. ' . Veloe (2·0) 

Games W·L 
2:1-1 
l3-1 
I 6 
~ 1 ·3 
14·l 

- '---.. 



---u 
----..II 

Vol. 6, No.5 f\tJy 3,. 1984 

Bernard Rands: 
~:===::===: A Pulitzer and 

composure for 
UCSD professor 



The Magazine 
of the '80s 

Editor 
ANDREW KrUER 
Associate Editor 

JOHN NEE 
Writers 

MiKE AHN. lANCE 
BERNARD. CH R1STOPHER 
CANOIL. MARK DeVOL. 
ETHAN FEERST. JOAN 

FORSBERG, RONA HU, B.B. 
LEONE, CLYDENE NEE. 
JAMES RALPH PAPP 

Editorial 452·3466 
Advertising 452-3468 
Hiatus is published every 

Thursday of the school year as a 
supplement to the UC5D GUARDIAN . 
Reprod uction or use without written 
permission or any portion of this 
magazine is a no-no. We welcome 
unsolicited letters, manuscripts and 
artwork , but assume no 
responsibility for the return of uch 
Send Information to: 

HIATUS 
UC5D, fHll6, 

La Jolla, CA 9209j 
And that's the fact. Jackl 

Contents 
Cover: Bernard Rands just 
won the Pulitzer Prize for 
music composition for his 
piece canti del Sole. for the 
full story about the local boy 
that made good see the story 
on page 3. 

Dinner and theater ... page ... 
Dinner at a cheap Mexican 

eatery then a San Diego 
Symphony Mahler program make 
for more fun than humanly 
possible. 

Let's dance ...... . ... page 5 
A photo essay by Phil Willon 

shows the inner and outer worlds, 
of the Jazz Unlimited dance 
company. 

El /York ............ page 6 
The trials of migrant labor 

from Mexico are detailed in fl 
Norte, a piece written and 
directed by two san Diego film 
makers. 

Cover illustration: Phil Haxo 

UCSD University Events Office presents-

JAZZ TAP ENSEMBLE 
" WII l:.:\ I HL J.t::: 1.lp Ensemhk UJll1es ( (1 ( l)I\ ' 1l 
.lg.lI Il I J Id,~' ( \1 huy \1ut (hL' lhl·.Ilrl' ILlr LlIlL' nlghl .111<.1 

, 11l\'1lL' .111 (h e !X'llPlL' I knl)\\' \\ 'hl! fll'eJ 1l111re h'lpplJ1e~:­
In (h L'lr h\'L''' III PL'llPiL' \\'hll Ill'L'll their Lllth In (he 
PIl\\'crS 01 J,mllllg rc:>wreu 

1)( /Jowll )"\\111 . Vii/age Vuice 

G.A $10,00, UCSD Fac!Staff/St.!Sr, $8.00. UCSD t. $6,00 
MAY 6 , S UNDAY, 8:00 P,M, 

MANDEVILLE AUDITORIUM 

L...-_ UCSD Box Office &£ Ticketron: 452-4559 _--' 
2 nlaUls May 3. 1984 

Bring 'Em Back Alive Steve Kloepfer 

Reprinted with permission from The 81rdcage Review 

UCSD Events Office presents 

VINCENT PRICE 
THE VILu\INS STILL PURSUE ME 

A HISTORY OF VILLAINY 
VINCENl PRI E returns In an aU -new program with 

an old [([Ie, We urge )'l)U to get your rickct - ea rly, 
I G.A. $7.00. UCSD Fac!Staff/ St'/Sr. $5 .00. UCSD St. $4,00 

MAY 3. TIIURSDAY. 8:00 P.M. 
MANDEVILLE A UDITORI M 

1IIiiiiiii .... UCSD Box Office & Ticketron: 452-4559 iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiill 

I I , 

oser 
• 

UCSD professor/c 
Rands scores PuJi ~-..r pnze 

By JMlt:s RALPH PAPP 
All of us have had to write 

term papers now and again. and 
have even had to try writing 
flctlon or verse. if only back in 
high school., 8elng a 
professional writer Is something 
that. if we have not done It. we 
can at least understand. from 
practicing occasionally what It 
Involves. Very few people have 
turned their hands or brains to 
writing music. so the profession 
of a composer is a mystery to 
most people who can even draw 
a little and write a little, 

Bernard Rands. who Is a 
professor of music at UCSO and 
a professional composer. for 
which he Just won a Pulitzer 
Prize. began writing music and 
wrltl ng It down atthe age often. 
He began learning plano at five. 
and at the end of lessons his 
teacher would write down a 
popular tune or folk song for 
him to practice over the week, 
which began his fascination 
with the production of music. 

When he was young. it was the 
older music, with some from the 
20th century. such as Sibellus 
and Bartok, that Influenced him. 
He does not have the deep 
Interest In or reliance on 
I'ngllsh folk songs that many 
20th century English composers 
have had: 'The hermetically 
sealed attitude becomes rather 
precious." Another English 
Institution had a greater effecl 
It was the Halle Orchestra In 

Manchester, clos(; to Hdnd'i' 
Sheffield, which after the war 
was being conducted by John 
Barbiroili. That exposed Rands 
to an international influence 
rather than a local one. And. In 
fact. he has spent no more than 
eight of the last 25 years In 
England. 

Although his music teacher 
In grammar school was 
supportive of his composing. 
until college it was an 
independent effort. The 8rltlsh 
collegiate system he describes 
as being insistent on weekly 
disciplines. but he needed no 
encouragement to write dally. 
By the time Rands went to the 
University of Wales at Bangor. 
the music was firmly Implanted 
in him. and he could tum his 
mind to other things. such as 
what he had come to Wales to 
study. Celtic literature. 

After getting his undergrad-
uate and graduate degrees from 
the University of Wales, he went 
abroad to study under 
contemporary Italian compo-
sers. including Luigi 
Dallapiccola. whose work he was 
already familiar with and whose 
lyricism and dramatic qualities 
attracted him. 8uthere. through 
the wonders of prose. we let 
Rands proceed on his career for 
a quarter of a century or so and 
ourselves jump forward. to 
where he comes to America. and 
UCSO. 

A fellowship to Princeton 

brought him to America in 
1976. and while he was here, he 
toured the country, stopping at 
the Tanglewood and Aspen 
festivals and also briefly at IAI 
Jolla. What attracted him to the 
American environment of music 
and composition was the 
" incredible diversity of practice 
and thought" and the openness 
and energy not found in the 
locked environment of Europe. 
" In England you either are or are 
not a subscriber to Britten." In 
the past eight years he has been 
here. his music. he says. has 
flourished, 

Rands can support himself 
through his music, so there is no 
necessity for him to be 
Professor Rands at this or any 
other Institution. He does it for 
the contact with students, with 
young people going through 
" the same agonies and 
ecstacies:' 

And there are not many 
institutions like UCSO that 
address themselves to the 20th 
century. the principle of whose 
Music Department is experi-
ment. Rands sees precedent as 
part of historical continuity. 
Music, he points out, did not 
stop at the turn of the century. 

The actual process of writing 
music consists of inspiration, of 
translating Ideas into musical 
ones and also of just sitting 
down and sweating the music 
out. Rands puts the work ethic 
at the center: artists have to go 

" ....... IIenIard Rands Is back at tile musical drawing boards. 

to work like anyone else. Then 
the composer focuses on 
pertinent ideas and strips away 
inappropriate notions until he 
discovers the essence of the 
idea. After that Is the pure and 
simple mechanical work of 
preparing the score. One can 
divide the process into three 
parts: the inspiration, when.one 
recognizes when an idea has 
integrity and stands up when 
challenged: the c reative 
shaping of ideas: and the 
mechanical activity of setting 
the music down. 

The Pulitzer Prize was 
awarded for his canti del Sole. 
but for one particular version. 
the orchestral one. It is not just 

an orchestration ot the chamber 
version (which SONOR 
performed at UCSO last quarter), 
and neither is the smaller 
version just a simplification of 
the larger. Rands sees them as 
two separate works, (The San 
Diego Symphony will play the 
canti for orchestra next season.) 

As a 20th century composer. 
Rands sees himself in a period 
extremely rich in musics 
compared to other centuries. 
The diversity of our century's 
music is to be valued. for it 
contributes to a rich fabric. He 
accepts. in composition. that 
other composers see the whole 
picture differently. "Posterity 
will take care of itself. and us," 

" 10 ... Highest Rating ... the perfect film for everyone." 
- Gary Franklin. C BS-TV Los AII((cics 

" ... in a class by itself. .. Mel Gibson ' love scene with 
an island beauty leaves the audience breathless. " 

-Harold Greene . ABC-TV Los An«e1es 

lhe Jre. P1PP1JrS! 

MEL GIBSON • AN'I'H<M' HOPKINS 

TBIBOUNTY 
After 200 '}tars, IN truth INhind IN legend. 

IJlNO DE LAUENTIIS PItf.'l[N1'S 
IIIEL GIBSON ANTHONY HOPKINS 

"TIlE BOl'NTY" ALIO mw,.; EDWARD F<lX lAl:RENCE OUVIER " A""'l.ll Ho", 
~' lI',,*POilll"O "_'DII VAN(;EUS !>CIIJ'""" ROIIE.RTIIOtf 

,,-,u .. ". 'H' """' "CAPTAIN BUGH AND MR, CHRISIlAN"" RICHARD HOl'GH 
Poro.,w" IlERNAROWIWAMS lJIIH1WII ROGER DONAlDSON 

ipO],...,"' ..... -..._l 00;-:----. "".,IJI lkllJw' Ro"'Ifw'"r-~">boo1 • 0IV0I'f ... .. ...,... 
~---.-.-... -~ ........ ,_ .. _- ._--

I----------Starts Frlday----------; 
'ACIFIC'S CEIlTER PACIFIC'S SWEETWATER AMC SANTEE VILLAGE. AlT VINEYARD TWIN 
CIIlEMAS • THEATRES 1 BlOCk Wesl 01 Cuyamaca 1529 Easl Valley Pky al Aose 
18 al Siadlum Way In Ihe Town and Country On MISSion GOige Aoad lsco(\(/ldo ' 7431222 
MISSIon Valley' 2971888 ShoppIng Cenlel 805 fy;V 5627910 SANTEE ORIVE.IN 
I'ACIFIC'S GROSSMONT al Sweelwaler Rd 474 85 71 AMC WIEGAND PLAZA 10990 WOOdSide 
MALL THEATRES MANN UNIVERSITY 220 NO/lh EI Ca",,"o Aeal Sanlee • 448 744 7 
Glossmonl ShOjlplflg TOWNE CEIITRE Enclnllas • 942 ~S44 FRONTIER DRIVE-IN 
Cenlel Entrance .3 La Jolla VIllage Ot & UA GLASSHOUSE 3601 ~Mway Olive 
Hwy 18 al Jacksoo Oro.e Genesee ' 452 7166 3156 Sports AI.". Blvd 223 5535 
La Mesa' 4657100 2232546 

Buy One 
Get One for 1/2 Pricell 

Purchase any menu item at regular price and 
get the next Item of equal or lesser value for 

only 1/2 prlcel 
Not valid with any other coupon. Expires 5/30/84. 

Not good on take-outs 
8867 Villa La Jolla Drive. In Ralph's Shopping Center 

HAIRCUTS $995 
Includes: 

• Shampoo 
• Conditioner 

only 

AIR 
DESIGNS 

Also Featuring: 
Curls, Relaxers and Waves 

PERMS $2495 
Includes: 

• Shampoo 
• Conditioner 

only 

Using TCB Products With Specialists Willie or Ike 

OPEN 7 DAYS 
APPOINTMENT NOT NECESSARY 

UNIVERSITY TOWNE CENTRE - 455-0420 
May 3. 1984 niatlU J 



By JMlt:S RALPH PAPP 
The Symphony is a 

reasonable interval on either 
side of which to eat meals. one 
of which is called d inner and the 
other supper, to avoid 
repetition. If one wishes 
Mexican food there are many 
places to go. Chi Chi ·s. on 
Miramar Road. is not one of 
them. 

It is a circumstance 
extraordinary enough that 
someone would establish a 
Mexican restaurant in 
Minneapolis. but it boggles the 
mind that the restaurant should 
have grown into a chain. one 
link of which does its best to 
stand the strain on Miramar 
Road. If one's Mexican food not 
only fails to achieve 
authenticity but positively 
shuns it. San Diego should not 
be the place to try to sell it. 

The manager. waitresses and 
busboys acted in a polite. even 
apologetic way. Unfortunately. 
it was so arranged that we had to 
reveal we were reviewers before 
we got in. and everyone seemed 
to have been warned about who 
we were. except the cook. The 
hot sauce had less pizzazz than 
ketchup. the mild sauce less 
pizzazz than the hot sauce. The 
salad suffered from that malady 
we though had died out some 
years ago: Thousand Island 
dressing. Nothing was available 
in oil and vinegar. 

The steak suffered from 
nothing less congenial to taste 
than a border of fat that there 

~~o 
by 

Klier 

., nfMu May 3. 1984 

Dinner and a show: On the other hand. Hencil woke up for the Mahler Sixth 
Symphony. which had an 
interesting and unique 
performance. Hendl's conduct-
ing. a little stem and heavy. Is 
better suited to Mahler than 
Mozart. The symphony Itself Is a 
large and complex mixture of 
conventional and unconven-
tional Instruments. the latter 
category Including a sledge 
hammer that meets the stage 
twice In the last movement 

Our man about town 

had been no attempt to cut ott. 
But then one does not go to a 
Mexican restaurant to eat 
steaks. unless the Mexican 
restaurant is part of a chain 
founded in Minneapolis. But 
abandoning the food. which is 
exactly what it is tit for. there is 
the atmosphere. We sat in the La 
Jolla Room. which would have 
had a view of La Jolla if there 
were not a car dealership and 

ten miles between the town and 
its namesake. The management 
piped in the south-of-the-border 
equivalent of polka music. 
never congenial to calm dining. 

Back to the topic at hand. 
Walter Hendl conducted the 
Symphony: he has been around 
a long time. having conducted 
the Dallas Symphony in 
recordings with Van Cliburn. 
when Van Cliburn was a rising. 

or risen. pianist. The only 
problem is that Hendl has not 
developed his conducting style. 
much. in all that time. The 
Mozart symphony sounded as 
one would expect it to sound on 
a 30-year-old recording. It 
progressed calmly. unorlglnally 
and unenthusiastically. Hendl 
led the symphony like a man 
who did not want to wrinkle his 
suit 

The Hotel del Coronado Is a 
little off the beaten track of 
after-concert diners. but It 
seems strange that the concept 
should be totally foreign to 
them. When we asked for a small 
supper at the Prince of Wales 
Grill (or Is it Grllle?). In spite of 
the astounding price they 
intended to charge for it. the 
walters seemed nonplussed. 

Through the rest of the 
evening the headwaiter stared 
suspicIously at us. with the 
attitude of a man who. had we 
paid In Quarters. would have 
bitten them. When I refused tea 
at the end of the meal. on 
discovering that they Intended 
to charge a dollar and fifty cents 
for a cup of Upton. the waiter 
suggested. resentfully. that I 
probably wanted herb tea. which 
was not ony untrue but a 
defamation of character. and 
proudly said nothing but Upton 
was to be had on the premises. 
Certainly they shall never find 
me. either. on the premises 
again. 

SOFT (ONTAO LENSES 
One Hour Service ~ostcases 

, " J'Nv 111z 
. '\.~~ ~ ~ , ",1 .0 . .;to'" ,..,dI' 1M' 

INCLUDES: 
Contact lenses, examination, 
patient training, follow up, 
chemical c~re kit ~nd fitting. 
EXTENDED WEAR LENSES 
ONLY $165.00 

THE CLASSICAL EYE 
DR. ROBERT HELLER OPTOMETRIST 

La Jolla Village Square 
(Inside the Mall; Lower Level) 

8657 Villa La Jolla Dnve - Suite 1 36 
451-7374 

Hydrocurve extended wear lenses available. 

To the person who stole 
Tony (Stony) Sanzone's 

underwear on 4/27 please 
return them, they have 
great sentimental valuer 

They hit the "breaking" of the 
New York ghetto to the 
refinement of a Boston ballet 
Jazz Unlimited, San Diego's 
premiere jazz dance troupe, is 
setting a new pace for the 
dancing world. The beauty of the 
art is reflected in the flawless 
rhythm of torso and limbs In 
total coordination with the 
expression of music. Their 
message of dance is never set -
each number a diverse 
expression unto itself. 

They rehearse themselves to 
perfection. They'lI practice a 
move for hours that will last only 
a few short seconds In 
performance. In their studio they 
lie exhausted on the hardwood 
floor, but then pick themselves 
up again, and take it from the top 
Just one more time. 



EI Norte' : 
Welcome to 
paradise 

By ntOPlAS IwnOrl 
San Diego writer/director 

Gregory !'tava set himself a 
formidable task in the fUming of 
tl /Yorl.e. As the status quo 
disintegrates In Central 
America, thousands of 
Guatamalans, Salvadorans, 
Nicaraguans and others flee 
their homelands for the 
promised land from which 
Naw's fllm gets Its name, EI 
Norte. The North. More 
specifically, many of these 
refugetS end up in Los Angeles 
and San Diego, which makes 
this fUm ofparticular interest to 
Southern californians. 

Nava has sagely given fI 
Norte only a cursory political 
treatment. Concentrating 
Instead on the saga of Rosa 
(Zalde Silvia Gutierrez) and 
r:nrique (David Villalpando) 
Xuncax. two young Guatama-
lans who trek to los Angeles 

fnrique discusses his plans to joumey to tile north wttll Ramon In tile new HI. '[1 rIoIU: 

after their would-be revolution-
ary father is killed by an army 
patrol and their mother 
"disappears." 

Presumably for the sake of 
brevity, fl /Yorte takes a great 
deal for granted (Rosa and 
Enrique's Journey seems rather 
easier than one might expect) 
but It is nonetheless a good 
introduction for those viewers 

unfamiliar with the nightmare 
of Illegal entry. Nava focuses on 
an interesting contrast during a 
a scene In Wftlcn tne pair is 
crawling towards San Dleg\> 
through an abandoned sewer 
pipe (In Itself an amusing 
double entendre) and Is 
attacked by a pack of frenzied 
rats. Nava cuts back and forth 
several times between the 

subterranean rat attack and an 
airborne shot of a border pab'ol 
helicopter flying Importantly 
through the clean evening air. 

The lead actors (Silvia and 
Villalpando) make their tum 
debut In fl Norte. but both are 
experienced stage performers. 
This causes a problem during 
some tight shots: they are still 
trying to convey emotion to the 

Bob's Book Report 

40th row. while their fac 5 crawl 
20 feet up the screen. The re~ult 
is overbearing and at time 
laughable. seriously detracting 
from what Is obviously Intended 
to be a solemn effect. other 
viewers, It should be noted. did 
not have a problem with this. 

fl NOIU has Its shortcom-
Ings, but It also has some great 
moments. When faced with 
deportation. for eumple. 

~Ique passes himself off as 
Mexican by peppering his 
speech with "fuck!ng this" and 
"fucking that." Rosa. on the 
other hand. Is oftrwhe1med by a 
computerlled wuhlng machine 
and does laundry In a swimming 
pool. drawing a horrlned 
response from her Valium-
munching employer. Her friend 
Nacha laments. "If you try to 
ftgure out gringos. all you get Is 
a giant headache." 

fl /Yorte is playing at the rine 
Arts in Paclftc Beach and, even 
during the dinnertime show lu 
Thursday, drew an Impressive 
crowd. Director "ava, 
wife/producer Anna Thomas . 
(who also co-wrote) and 
cinematographer James 
Olennon haft come up with the 
right film at the right time and, 
here at least, In the right place. 

Hubbard's 'Battlefield' is a 
thousand page challenge 

A wall of Berlin 
Berlin played this past Sunday at ucso to an enthusiastic if 

not impressive crowd. Touring in support of their latest 
recording project Touch, Berlin has been playing the circuit 
from the Pacific Amphitheater in IA to UCSD's own gym. 

Bill Nelson opened the show but was less than well received 
by the Berlin fans. Despite his poor reception Nelson 
delivered a brilliant set that will long be remembered. 

L. Ron Hubbard's latest 
offering to the reading public is 
an epic tome of more than a 
thousand pages entitled 
Battlefield farth. I read It, and I 
advise you not to read It. 

It begins with an introduction 
of some length. devob;d to 
insinuating that anything not 
written by one of John W. 
campbell 's justly famed stable 
of writers from the '.}Os to the 
'50s isn't science fiction. This 
piece of news would surely 
distress Joan D. Vinge, Harlan 
Ellison, Ursula It LeGuln, 
UCSO's own Dave Brin. Joanna 
Russ. fritz Ueber, ltalo Calvlno. 
Larry Niven andjust about every 
other science fiction writer 
alive, including those who were 
a part of San francisco's famed 
" Golden Age:' 

Hubbard then follows this up 
with the story itself. Never 

By B. BfRMRD lLOIU 
before have I been so bored with 
heart-wrenching descriptions of 
sacrifice, gut-wrenChing action, 
gut-spilling fighting, interstel-
lar bankinq, high romance, ad 
more and "lore until nauseum. 
Space opera. once the sol 
province of E.E. "DOC" Smith 
reprints, once again rears Its 
done-to-death head, and all the 
purple spacemen outside of USB 
will not aid the deficiencies, the 
datedness, of this book. This is 
one of the few works that has 
ever come close to putting me 
to sleep. Yes, 1.. Ron Hubbard's 
latest is right up there with 
Anna Karina (by Tolstoy) for 
soporific value. Put your Sleep-
Eze away, and buy this book, if 
you're an insomniac. 

Also on the science fiction 
front. Dave Brin of UCSO has a 
new book out. Titled The 
Practice Effect. it is an 

CINEMA OF JAPAN 
.. Illl 'I l 'I \ I 1( " I , I \ I , I ... 

A F ULL L IFE 
( 1962) hy Susumu Han> 

M d) ' 8 

L4.TE S PRI:"G 
( 1949\ b)· "., uJ ,m Ozu 

\IJ ) I '; 

A///I/"" III j~f'<H1('\f ""I! hl~h\ 1! \ul>IIIi,'\ 
"rill" ~ 'j III ",n~.l "'\ ~l\ 

T ll'Il.\\ P IIIIN\ H ·\ 1I1llK 7 11'\1 
L,--=,.....,.._-=_=--=-=-=-.,..--_l t j) B ., 011,. l' .. 12 ; ;'\4 _________ ---' 
6 lliatus May 3, 1984 

F RI UA'I'>. 4 30-6 30 P nJ 
U CSD T RITON P UB 

A""" 
H AL CIIOOI< JAZZ OI1CHE I fRA 

A . BIG WlMA . fHOflNION 
- \'\"lH .", f:ANNIf ( HE-..AMM 

M •. 
E LlA I.'tHH rl(.,c;i t 

adequately written represen-
tative of ttt«:. "comedy/science 
fiction" variety. Although 
nowhere near as hilarious as 
Robert l.ynn Asprin's "yth 
books, It's Just cute enough to 
be funny, and just not cute 
enough to be taken seriously. It 
is not heavy. but it is perfect 
light reading. 

• • • 

finally. the good news is at 
hand. The friends of the UCSD 
Ubrary will once again hold a 
sale In the famed Love Man 
alcove on the main floor of 
Central Ubrary. Be there on May 
11, between 12 and 2 pm, for 
some of the best book bargains 
this side of D.G. Wills' parking 
lot sales. A buck can go a very 
long way here, so show up, or 
don't show up. 

M AY II 

H<.2LlI~ G>N fRY 

M. , 
B lJDOY J?E U) ~ rHl ROCKI r~ 

The Revelle Musical this year 
will be Once Upon A Mattress. a 
favorite story about a woman 
who can feel a pea through a 
stack of 20 mattresses, 

The show is Saturday at 8 pm 
in the Revelle Cafeteria. 
Admission is $ L.50 advance and 
$2 at the door. 

• •• 

The University Events Film 

Series continues this week with 
A full Ufe. The show is Tuesday 
at 7 :30 pm in Peterson Hall. 
Admission Is $1.50. for further 
information, call 452-4559. 

Yet another Japanese film 
will play Wednesday at La Jolla 
Museum of Contemporary Art. 
Tokyo Story deals with the 
modern generation gap 
currently existing in Japan. 
Admission is $3. 

• • • 

Miss Julie runs through this 
weekend at the UCSD Theatre. 
The play Is an excellent 
depiction of the struggle for 
female emancipation. Tickets 
are $2. for further information, 
call 452-4574. 

• • • 

Prophet Productions wllI 
present Steel Pulse Wednesday, 
May 16. steel Pulse has been 
gaining Immense popularity 
and heavy airplay on local radio. 
Tickets are $10.50. for further 
informatJon. call 23~5U9. 

• • • 

The San franciscO Mime 

A one-time offer is available to the UCSD 
community. when the world-renowned Purcell 
Quarter augments Its number by two. Joining 
SydnerHumphreys and Bryan King on violin, 
Philippe ~tter on viola and Ian Hampton on 
violoncello. will be Gerald Stanlck on viola 
and ~ric Wilson on 'cello. They will be playing 

a Haydn quarter, but with 50% more ambition 
than usual. they will attempt two Brahms 
sextets. Afterwards they wlII return to their 
former strength, that which has served them 
since 1969 In hundreds of performances. The 
Sextet performs this FrIday at 8 pm. 

Troupe will perform at the 
Grassroots Cultural Center 
Saturday at 2 pm and 8 pm. The 
program will Include 
Steeltown. a new musical 
comedy by the troupe. This 
performance will celebrate the 
fifth anniversary of the center. 

••• 

The San Diego Repertory 

Theater will present The Tooth 
of Crime, Sam Shepard's award-
winning play about Rock and 
Rollin the not-SCHIistant future. 

The Tooth of Crime will run 
May 17 -July 1. for reservations 
and further information, call 
235-8025. 

• • • 

The film IJeyond Utopia will 

- James Ralpb 'app 

be shown at La Jolla Museum of 
Art in conjuctlon with the 
current display Architecture in 
Silver. 

The tUm deals with architects 
in the mature phases of their 
careers. for further information, 
call 454-3541. 

• • • 

The UClA Madrigal Singers 

Coming May 19 • • • 

1984 

will perform Friday at the 
Church of st. Brigid in Pacific 
Beach. 

The concert is at 8 pm. There 
is no admission charge. 

• • • 
There will be a free church 

bell performance at the Center 
for Music Experiment Saturday 
at 8 pm. 

For further information, call 
452-3229. 

• •• 

The Sun God festival will be 
held next Friday directly under 
the Niki de saint Phalle piece 
north of Mandeville. 

• • • 

There will be a benefit 
screening of the new Steven 
Spielberg film Indiana Jones 
and the Temple of Doom. 
Tuesday, May 22 at the Mann 's 
loma Theater in Point Lorna. 
Tickets for this screening don't 
come cheap ($20 per seat). but 
the proceeds wiil go to help the 
San Diego County Child Abuse 
Prevention foundation. 

To order tickets, make checks 
payable to CApr and send along 
with a self-addressed stamped 
envelope and telephone number 
to: Child Abuse, La Mesa, CA 
92041. 

• •• 

There will be a Cinco de Mayo 
celebration Friday at the Hump 
in front of the gym. 

• •• 

De Jazz Tap ensemble wID 
pedonn Sunday m ~nd~ 
viUe at 8 pm. for further 
InformatJon on tbb and otIIer 
Uf.O events call el-45S9. 

The, Gala Event of the Year 
8:00 pm to 2:00 am at the 

Dance To: DlllRIKp p.. ~ DIEIE3(OINAIIiRIE and the 
Tickets $900 Each-

Available now at the UCSD Box Office 
May 3, 1984 nlMu 7 



entertainment· prizes 
carnival games· food· tgif 
dollar dance main gym 
8pm - midnight 

8 n .. tu.s May 3, 1984 

muir college campus 
friday may 11 

11am - 6pm 
raindate may 18 


