
Davis 
Back again ... 

Story on page 7. 

, 
.. 

. ' . 

:--, ... 

.. 

.. 

\ 
j 
• 

I' 

" C 
!': 
~ 
tJ 

..c: 

~ 
." 

't: 
..c: 
U 

,~ 
J 



2 February 23, 1984 

"RebuiIdiDa the Body - Advances in 
Reconsauction Surgery" will be the topic 
of a dinner lecture, Tuesday, February 
28 at the UCSD School of Medicine. 
Three physicians from UCSD's Division 
of Plastic Surgery will speak on breast 
reconstruction follOwing mastectOmy 
and surgery for signs of aging, 
replacement of arthritic joints and 
microsurgery. For more information, call 
453-2287. 

o 
Ampucee5 in Motion, Overeaters 

Anonymous and Parent to Parent will be 
some of the 160 self-help groups from 
San Diego County to participate in the 
First Annual Self-Help Fair at La Jolla 
Village Square Indoor Shopping Mall, to .. 
be held on Saturday, February 25 and 
Sunday, February 26. This event is 
sponsored by the San Diego Self-Help 
Cleannghouse, a non-profit volunteer 
referral center. For more help, call 275-
2344. 

o 
Midol and Working Woman Magazine 

announce their first annual awards for 
. excellence in reporting on women's 

health issues by college journalists. 
Subject matter for entries may be any 
topiC germane to the physical. mental or 
emotional well-being of women or 
women in the family unit. Articles must 
be published in a college publicatiof\. 
The de.adline for submission for the 
$15,000 first prize is February I, 1985. 
For more information, aD (212) 696-
9810. 

o 

Hammerhead sharks will be the topic 
of a free public lec[Ure by marine 
biologist Dr. Peter I<limlet at Scripps 
Institute of 0ceanography on 
Wednesday, February 29, at 7:30 pm. 
Kimley has found that the hammerhead 
schools swim in a polarized manner 
with all members of the group moving 
in a common direction. They maintain a 
relatively constant distance from each 
other and change their direction 
simultaneously. For information, call 
452-3624. 

o 
Health Policy Project m the 

Department of Community and Family 
Medicme, School of Medicine, has 
openings for a limited number (three to 
five) of undergraduate volunteeers. The 
proje t, which is primarily concerned 
with developi ng scientific (empirical , 
dynamic modeling) methods for health 
policy analysis, is currently involved 
with a wide arra}' of health care delivery 
issues, such as care of the elderly, 
satisfaction with medical care, health in 

1968 ... 
Several important changes in the 

educational policy and requirements of 
UCSD have JUSt been announced. Next 
quarter, UCSD will join seven other UC 
campuses in aUowing students to take 
courses on a pass-fail basis. Only unit 
credit Will be given for any class taken 
under this sytem. Students will be 
allowed to take up to 25% of their total 
work load on this basis. 

1969 ... 
The Marines are re[Urning LO 

Matthews Campus, and are trying to 
reclaim their officers quarters, thaI IS, 
bUlldmg 250. This building has been in 
the possession of students and 
administration for a year, but the calm 
IS about to be punctured , as the Marine 

developmg countries, economic analyses 
of Diagnostic Related Groups, defensive 
medicine, health manpower, quality of 
medical care, health outcome and 
quality of life measurement, 
epidemiologic analyses of influenza 
control, and computer simulation of 
social, pathophysiologic and therapeutic 
processes, e.g., fluid therapy in bums 
and aneSlhesiology management. Upper 
and lower division students from all 
majors are welcome. Volunteers work 
five hours per week over several quarters 
to develop background for their own 
(academic credit) projects. Brief 
application forms are available m room 
102 of the Community Medicine Facility 
(Northeast of Club Med) from 2-4 pm 
daily. 

o 

Diabetic and non-diabetic adults are 
needed to participate in nutritional 
studies being conducted at the UCSO 
School of Medicine. The purpose of 
these studies IS to evaluate the impact of 
various foods on blood sugar levels in 
normal and diabetic individuals. 
Researchers are currently finding that 
some of the old theories conceming 
how food affects diabetics are incorrect. 
For example, ice cream has been found 
to cause practically no elevation in 
blood glucose, while potatoes send 
glucose levels way up. Subjects are 
needed for four hospital visits and must 
eat speciaUy-prepared foods and then 
have samples of blood drawn [or glucose 
measurement. Participants must be 
between 25 and 65 years of age, and m 
good health, or with no health problems 
other than non-Insuhn treated diabetes. 
For their participation, subjects will 
receive payment and a complete 
physical examination. For more 
mformation, call PhyllIS Crapo at 453-
7500, ext. 3648. 

o 
CalPlRG announced a new drive to 

enact a Califomia "Bonle Bill" which 
would encourage the recycling of bottles 
and reduce litter. The bill, which was 
Introduced by State Senator Dan 
McCorquodale, reqUires that beer and 
soft drink cans and bottles be retumable 
for a nickel deposit. States that have the 
bottle bill in effect have shown an 80% 
reduction in container litter, and a one-
third drop in total litter. Recycli ng rates 
have climbed from less than 30% to 
better than 80%. "The fact is that Bonle 
Bills work. They are popular and 
effectlve means of reducing litter in nine 
states, now including New York ," said 
Jerry Skomer, CalPIRG direcLOr. "It's time 
we joined them ." 

force makes its attempted invaSIOn. 

1970 ... 
Sources at the UC Board of Regents 

meeting m San Francisco yesterday 
indicated that a century of tuition-free 
education at the Universiry of Califomia 
is about to come to an end . The Regents 
are expected to pass a fee increase of 
some sort today. 

1971... 
The formation of a new campus 

organization concerned with mforming 
students about their legal rights and 
proViding a forum for the rational 
discussion of controversial issues 
affecting the Umversiry was announced 
laSl week by a group of UCSD students. 

, The first projer.:t of the UCSD Legal 

"If we can get some controversial referendums on the ballot,l expect at least 
25% of the student body to vote in the spring elections," said Bill Ansell, AS 
Commissioner of Elections. Filing for the April 18 and 19 elections will run 
during the tenth week of classes, March 12-16, and the first week of spring 
quarter, April 2-9. 

Ansell is conducting a vigorous campaign to stimulate student interest in 
running for office. "What I am looking for is firSl to help those candidates 
runnmg for president of the AS Council to better underSland their duties and 
how to publicize their pOSitions," said Ansell. "And any candidate interested in 
running for office should contact Marc Boroditsky or myself to find out what 
their Job would entail." Boroditsky has been circulating questionnaires among 
the AS officers to bener define council members' responsibilities m preparation 
for the upcoming election. 

Those interested In becoming a candidate must: file for only one office; 
obtain a Candidate Endorsement Petition; submil the proper number of 
petition signatures for the desired office (president requires 200 signatures, 
commissioner candidates 100 and College Representatives 50); and be an 
enrolled full-time undergr.!duate at UCSO With at least a 2.0 GPA and attend the 
Mandatory Candidate's Meeting called by the Elections Commission. 

Many sutdents have already realized this and taken upon themselves more 
serious attitudes towards the AS elections. Third College Council has submitted 
a proposal expressing its interest in improving the quality of its Third College 
Representative . The proposal reads: 

"Whereas a Third College AS Representative is an Imponam 
position; whereas a Third College representative must be a~le to 
express and support the ideas of the Third College; whereas a Third 
College representative must be able to work with Third College 
Council; whereas Leadership Training Camp teaches the goals and 
ideas of Third College and promotes a working relationship 
between student leaders: therefore be it hereby resolved that to 
qualify as a candidate for Third College AS representative a person 
must have previously attended Leadership Training Camp, so that 
the goals and ideas of Third College are properly represented and 
the s[Udent leaders can work together." 

To improve the AS e1ecuons and council, Ansell has submitted a referendum 
to move the elections up to the laSl week of winter quarter. "By having the 
elections in the winter we can train the new officers during the spring quarter. 
Many of our problems thus stemmed from having to vore on issues before we 
had time to get acquainted with our positiOns," Ansell said. "Also, I want a 
referendum to make the Election Commissioner a non-voting, paid pOSition. 
My duties are focused during the twO intensive weeks of elections, when I wiD be 
expected to work 50-60 hours. Future Election Commissioners should only be 
required to work during the election when they are needed: 

"The real power positions on the council are Appointments and Evaluations, 
Programming, and Activity Fee Commissioners." commented Ansell. And, as 
anyone who attends AS Council meetings will notice, another power position is 
AS Vice President, which will be the subject of a fUMe AS Forum. 

For more information on the AS elections, contact Bill Ansell xH50. 

Community will be a seminar dealing 
with landlord-tenant relations. 

1972 .. , 
Within eight years there will be a 

marked dearth of PhDs, ChanceDor 
William McElroy of UCSD told the UC 
Regents: "There is a great deal being 
said these days about the so-caDed 
overproduction of PhDs. I don't believe 
we do in fact have a surplus.... I'm afraid 
the present overreaction will produce an 
actual shortage of trained scholars 
several years from now." 

1973 ... 
The Vietnam Veterans Against the 

War (WAW) are [Urning t"eir activities 
to other directions since the Vietnam 
War has been senled. Barry Romo, a 
Vietnam veteran and spokesman for the 
WAW, made this announcement to a 
small group of concerned citizens at the 
La Jolla home of Uc.:SD philosophy 
professor Richard Popkin. Romo said 
the WAW is turning its energies to help 
the rebuilding of Viemam. 

1914 ... 
The Reserve Officers' Training Corps 

(ROTC), four years ago the object of 
anti-war protest and demonstrations on 
many of the nation's college campuses, 
seems to be making a quiet, almost 
unnoticed comeback. All four UC 
campuses with ROTC have authorized 
the enrollment of women in their 
military programs. 

1975 ... 
Black nationalist leader Stokely 

Carmichael Will highlight Black 
ConsCiousness Week with a speech 
here Sunday. The week, sponsored by 

-ChriswpherCan~e 

the Black Student Union, will present 
varied activities encompassing aspects 
of black culture along with discussions 
of political, social and economic issues. 

1976, .. 
The Board of Regents voted last 

Friday to relinquish its power of final 
review in faculty tenure decisions. In a 
split vote, the Regents decide w 
surrender the tenure vew power th~y 
have held since 1969 but, according to 
University records, never used. 

1978 .. , 
The Central Intelligence Agency has 

had a long history of contacts with UC, 
according to agency documents released 
under the Freedom of Information Act. 
The documents, which consist of 800 
pages covering activities from the late 
1950s to 1977, revealed a wide range of 
activities between UC statewide 
administration, several UC campuses 
and the CIA. 

1979 ... 
Criticizing the CIA and its current 

director, former President Gerald Ford 
addressed a wide variety of topicS at an 
early morning press conference in the 
Chancellor's complex. "There is no 
question that the CIA and our 
intelligence community made a number 
of serious miSlakes and didn't 
adequately undersl:and the 
undercurrents in Iran," said Ford. 

1980, .. 
A bill mandating automatic expulsion 

for any lawbreakmg student enrolled in 
a state postsecond'lry institution was 
brought before the State Assembly today. 

- Christopher Canole 

Peter Irons' case: 
a 60 Minutes feature 
By .PHIL WILLON 

UCSO's professor Peter Irons 
appeared on 60 Minutes last Sunday, 
and told the nation about his role in 
proving the intemment of over 110,000 
Japanese·Americans during World War 
II was a "grave injustice" that resulted 
from "race prejudice, war hysteria and a 
failure of political leadership." 

In his interview with Ed Bradley, 
professor Irons described the evidence 
he uncovered involving the Supreme 
Court cases of Fred Korematsu; Gorden 
Hirabayashi and Minoru Yasui. 

All three men had been convicted for 
failing to comply with President 
Roosevelt's Executive Order 9066, 
requiring that all Japanese-Americans be 
removed from the West Coast. Their 
cases set a precedent that upheld the 
legality of the entire internment. (See 
the January 30 Guardian cover Slory for 
more details.) 

"I discovered that the government's 
own lawyers in the Justice Department 
during the prosecution of these cases 

during the appeals, and even prior 10 
the Supreme Coun decision had 
concluded that the evidence presented 
10 the courtS alleging that miUtary 
necessiry required the evacuation and 
internment was fraudulent ." 

Professor Irons had found documents 
belonging to the FBI and the Federal 
Communications Commission stating 
that there existed no evidence of 
Japanese-Americans Signaling enemy 
submarines off the coast as the military 
charge had claimed. 

Because of this new-found 
information, the show went on to say, 
the convictions of Fred Korematsu and 
Minoru Yasui were overturned. Gordon 
Hirabayashi's retrial is still pending. 

Professor Irons also defended a 
proposed montary redress for all those 
interned in a debate against Dr. Ken 
Masugi, resident fellow at the Claremont 
Institute, which was held at UCSD IaSl 
Friday. 

In 1963, the Commission on Wartime 

Political science professor Irons was jeatured on rhis segment of 60 MINUTES last Sunday. 

Higb school minorities encouraged 

UCSD mentors bring 
college to community 
By YEN TAYLOR 

Parm:ipams In thc UCSD Mentur 
Progmm .Irc guit!cs, adVISors and evcn 
big brother, and , IStcrs to high schuul 
,tudcnts lrom dlsauvantaged 
b'lCkgroumJs III the San Dlcgo arca. 

The,e !>tuuents comc lrom lamilics 
whcre thl' level 01 cUUl.:ation IS usually 
low, anu 1,1Lk the neccsstll)' InlorlT1!11ion 
about wlkgc. Evcn though thc), haw 
the p')tcntlal ,lilt! ueslre til pursue 
higher edu(,ltIon . thc"c high ~ho\ll 
stulknts arc wC,lry anu apprehensive 
.1illlut the prospect l,l gOing tIl mllegc . 
1 \l lill th" II1lorl11,1[10n g.,p, the Mcnt,lr 
I'mgram lVas ue\'rlllpcu to proviue thc 
I'ltal llilk bctll'\:en thc U nlvcrslry and 
[hc high school. 

Thc Illcntllr Clli1CCpt is the ncwest 
acauclllk enrlchmcnt Sl·rvICC pnwiurtl 
b), UC::,D Upw<,rt! lloumj l'r'lgr.1ll1. 
fundcd thmugh the US Dep,Irtmcnt ,)1' 
Et.iu(:Ol[ion thc progr.1m's goal is tll 

strcngthcn students' Jcademlc skills ,md 
til mcrCJSC their college and career 
,I IVa re ncss. :'Ince 1980, the program has 
bern providmg high schtlol studcnts 
Irllln ulsauvantagcd backgrounus with 
suc h academiC progrJms as college 
cntr.1ncc cxam preparatlon scssillns, 
motlvatlonal counseling sessions and 
collcgc counscling. 

Thc mcntllr arc UCSD studcnts who 
v,llunteer Ihelr timc ,md scrYke to be 
P,lSItlVC r"lc l1lodrls lur one ur tWll high 
SC h'llll stuu,'nts. I hcy ,Irc expccted to 
bcclll11e Involved In the acadcmk 
cnm:hl11":n1 01 the stuuent, I1l,Ike at bbt 
two phon..: calls per weck t,l provitk 
1Il0tl\'atlllll , \'ISIt the studcm's parl'ntS 
and gct aC4uainted with his hllmc 
situation. 

College studcnts arc "at a stage III hIe 
whcre th..:)' arc young enllugh [0 

pkus,' rum 10 pagt 10 

UCSD Professor Peter Irons in last week's debate against Dr. Ken Magusi. 

Relocation and Internment of Civilians 
recommended payments of $20,000 to 
the Japanese-Americans who were sent 
to the camps. It also called for a solemn 
national apology and the creation of an 
educational foundation to aid all 
Japanese-Americans. It is now a bill 
being sponsored by Alan Cranston in 
the Senate. 

Dr. Masugi called the commission's 
repon "fatally flawed" and "intellectually 
dishoneSl," while professor Irons argued 
that in America, "If you are damaged 
through the act of another you are 
entitled t6 compensation ." 

It was a heated debate, but the 
advantage was clearly Irons'. Because it 
was held at his own universiry, he had 
the full suppon of the audience, which 
Included Citizens who had been 
interned. 

Dr. Masugi is a Japanese-American; 
his parents were sem to the camps 
during the war. "I'm not a defender of 
what happened to my parents in World 
War II," he said of his predicament, 
"I've had to think very hard of justice 
and equality." He added that his 
involvement was stricdy on issues of 
principle , not national origin. 

According to Masugi , the 
commission's repon contained 
numerous flaws, saying that it did not 
take into account the people responsible 
for the internment or the ci rcumstances 
they were In when it was implimented. 

"Pearl Harbor was bombed, and who 
was to know what would follow," he 
commented. "The loyalty of the ethniC 
Japanese at the time could be 
questioned." 

please [um [0 page 10 

Dr. Masugi's letter to 60 Minutes 
To the Producers or 60 M1NIJIfES and Reporter Ed Bradley, 

I wish to comment on your segment of February 19 on the ethnic Japanese 
relocation, which was another unfortunate example-of television oversimplification of 
an important Slory. Omissions of crucial facts in recounting that sad episode have 
marred the media's coverage of it throughout the paSl 12 months, and 60 MINUTES 
has followed suit. 

I list some of the major misSlatements and omissions. The repon did not mention 
that evacuees could petition to leave the camps if they had jobs or a place in college 
outSide the West CoaSl. 

Examples of pOtencial ethnicJapanese disloyalry to the United States are pointed to 
in such scholarly respected works as Gordon pra1's At Dawn We Slept and John J 
Stephans' Hawaii Under the RisIng Sun: Japan 's Plans or Conquest i!(ter Pearl Harbor. Or 
consider the characterization in the novel regarde as the greatjapanese-American 
novel, John Okada's The No-No Boy. This is not to imply that most or even sizable 
numbers were disloyal, but rather that reasonable grounds for supposing loyalty to a 
mother ethnic country and hence disloyalry to America. 

It is a gross oversimplification to imply that national anceSlry has no relationship to 
the opinions concerning the conduct of American foreign policy. Consider Samuel 
Lubell's study of German-American voters, The Future of American Politics. That 
America Slrives to be a nation of many nations means that it teSls itself by higher 
standards than other nations. This results in national tensions, which we should be 
surprised to see do not break out more often, in more vicious ways. 

Your report failed to mention that Yasui was not only a member of the US military 
but also had been employed by the Japanese Consulate. This is not to imply that he 
was disloyal in anyway, but ratherthat there could be reasonable suspicion about hun. 

The commission, albeit bipartisan, was comprised fundamentally of men of 
extremely liberal views, for example: Arthur Goldberg; Edward Brooke; Father Robert 
Orman; and Arthur S. Flemming. Peter Irons, whom I debated last Friday at UCSD, is 
so devoted to the left wing critique of American politiCS that he spent two years in a 
federal prison for protesting the draft in the very early '60s. (This he recounts in the 
preface of his first book, The New Deal La"yer5.) 

It is extremely dangerous for one ethnic group to be identified with a narrow 
spectrum of political opinion such men represent. 

In discussing the Korematsu case, you assume that it involved only maners of civil 
liberty. In fact, it dealt fundamentally with the powers of the federal government in 
time of war. Overruling the deciSIOn now, almost 40 years later, wiD have graver 
consequences for the way Americans enviSIOn this nation 's responsibilities in times of 
crisis than It will for their regard for civil liberties. 

FinaUy, a word to my fellow younge r Japanese-Americans: you cannot make 
politiCS the arena for the working out of psychological self,doubts and 
mse(;urities without distorting the aims of American political life. Our parents 
and grandparents were judged by their nationality (not race, Slrictiy speaking, in 
the way we use the word today), a shared nationality with a nation that brutally 
atul(;ked the United States. That we today be judged by our character and not 
our national origins cannot be secured by the superfiCial reporting 60 MINUTES 
indulges in or by the shoddy scholarship displayed in the Relocation 
Commission's report and recommendations. That noble aim depends on what 
we accomplish with our lives today, free of the distortions caused by a twisted 
romanticist concerning events 40 years past. 

Dr. Ken Masugi 
Director of Bicentennial of the 
Constination Project, 

The Claftmont Insdtule lor 
StalalnaDship IDd Political Phibophy .. ________________________ .. ______________ .. ______ ~I 



.. February 23. 1984 
OPINION 

.' ,~;. .. '" •• :.+. ..... , .... ' ........... • ......... ( . ••• • ".vXJi. ... ..,. ."" . ' .. • .~:t:.::s.: '" .. .... '" .r~ ./'- .... ... 

CommentalY-

Capital punishment: A 
question of deterrence? 
By PETER DeMARZO 

I would like to respond to the 
Commentary regarding capital 
punishment which appeared in 
the February 13 issue of the 
Guardian. In that anicle. the 
author. Kevin Chukes. concludes 
that. given evidence that 
executions did in fact have some 
deterrent effect. he would 
suppon the use of the death 
penalty. 

promotion is the basis of the 
ju~;nfication of that SOCial system. 
Thus, I shall present several 
instances of the detrimental 
influence the death penalty 
might have on sociery. 

One problem with the state's 
l1Se of its authority to execute 
individuals is the small, but 
extremely serious, risk of 
mistakes. Killing an innocent 

It is unlikely that a substantial 
deterrent effect exists ... further 
considerations lead to a denouncement of 
the death penalty. 

However, in arriving at his 
conclusion, the writer 
prematurely conceded the more 
serious moral and social issues of 
the debate in favor of empirical 
ones. Although it IS unltkely that 
a substantial deterrent effect 
exists, there are funher 
considerations which lead the 
cautious observer to a 
denouncement of the death 
penalty. 

There are other arguments 
justifying the aims of society 
beyond simple cost/ benefit 
analysis or the utili ty of 
deterrence. In considering the 
sanctions needed to uphold a 
valued social system, one must 
consider not only the 
preyentative effect of 
pUnishments on the frequency of 
Infractions, but also the effect of 
those punishments on those ' 
SOCietal values whose very 

person would be an irrevocable 
error with tremendous moral 
consequences fo r the victim, the 
victim's relatives. friends and all 
others involved. Funher, the 
discovery of such an error, or 
any circumstance which subjects 
the legitimacy of the execution to 
public doubt, would severely 
reduce the sense of security 
provided by, and the degree of 
respect given to the system. 

The use of the death penalty 
places a grave responsibility on 
those involved in the case. The 
intolerance to error of this form 
of punishment tremendously 
amplifies the severity and 
importance of the actions on the 
judges, juries, lawyers, jailers and 
executioners inevitably 
aSSOCiated with a prisoner's trial , 
conviction , sentence and 
execution. Many lawyers refuse, 
on grounds of conscience, to 

take pan in capital cases. One 
must then question the state's 
authority, in a civilized society, 
to require the Involvement of its 
ci tizens in such a task. 

A senous objection to capital 
pUnishment is the possibility of 
Its use by the state as a means of 
social control. Indeed , capital 
punishment represents a severe 
and ceremonious exercise of 
power which strengthens the 
power of a centralized state and 
reinforces the underlying societal 
structures of hierarchy and 
authOrity upon which that power 
is predicated. 

The state chooses as capital 
criminals those who act on the 
street or at home in isolated 
incidences; not industrial 
executives, who promote and 
profit from an occupational 
workplace responsible for 
100,000 deaths per year from 
preventable disease (this figure 
according to a 1972 repon 

A publiCized execution 
dramatizes the power of the state 
(to maste r and use the 
convicted), focusing public 
attention on the guilt of a select 
few individuals who are, for the 
most pan, the product of societal 
mistreatment , and also heightens 
public ignorance of the use of 
such power in other forms of 
death-dealing. 

In light of the arguments JUSt 
presented, together with the high 
cost of capital punishment 
(constitutional implementation of 
the death penalty results in a 
penal system far more expensive 
than one with Ii fe 
imprisonment). It is curious that 
the death penalty has invariably 
been reponed to enjoy a high 
degree of public suppon in this 
country. 

On the whole , however, public 
opinion data have been collected 
simplistically, with little attempt 
made to understand the 

Capital punishment represents a severe 
and ceremonious exercise of power which 
strenthens the power of the state. 
issued by the National Institute 
for Occupational Safety &: 
Health); nOt corporate managers 
who distribute roxic chemicals 
inducing terminal cancer in 
thousands of persons annually in 
the United States; and not even 
those Pentagon and think-tank 
researchers who carefully and 
methodically plan the nuclear 
destruction of humanity. 

underlying rationale for the 
suppon. A narable exception is 
the study by Ellswonh and Ross , 
which gathered information 
regarding the respondents' 
attitudinal stance toward the 
death penalty and related issues. 

The resuks of their srudy are 
revealing. They found that 
individuals tended to know 

please tum 10 page 5 

II <eilit<eIr ~ II <e\ill<elf ~~ ~ilit<e Ir~ II <e\ill~lf ~ll ceilit<elf ~~ ~{tit<eIr ~ II ceilit~lf ~n ceilit<elf ~ll <eilit<elr~ll <eilit 
fr<elr~leHersll<ellit~lr~ll<ellit<elr~n<eilitcelr~ll<efrfr®lf~nceilit<elr~ll<eilitcelf~ll<eilit<elf~ll~ilit<elr& 
l'f' ~ n <ellit<elf ~n <eilit<eIr ~ II ®frfrcelf ~ll <ellit<elr ~n <efrfr<el'f'~ II <eilit<elf~ll ceilit<elr ~n <efrfrcel'f' I II ~ilit~lrlll ~ 
n <eilit<el'f' ~n tellit<e If ~n <f;rut<el'f'~ II <eilit~l'f' ~ n ~ilit<elf III ceilitcel'f' III <eilit<elf ~n (f:ilit<el'f'lll <eilit<elr n ~ ilit~ 
UCSD Community Members: 

"The La Jolla Democratic Club 
wishes to call your attention to 
its existence. Your vote is the 
ultimate determinant in politics. 
We wish to help you get to the 
ballot box, by registering you and 
encouraging you to vote. But you 
may wish to have an impact 
g,eater than your vote; to get 
deeper into what is gOIng on In 
our world ; to let the Democratic 
Pany know what you think. and 
steer it more your way. Then 
pamcipate with us in our 
mee(lngs and organization. 

We have monthly general 
mewngs, every founh Thursday, 
7:30 pm, .It the Community 
Room. La Jolla Vtllage quare 
Shopping Mall . Our meetings are 
directed towards Informing La 
Jollans politICally and helping 
them decide their positlons 
politlcally through engagement In 
li vely dialogue. For example, our 
programs over the neXI three 
mOnlh~ will be. 

February 23 - OOB 
':>IMM ONS, I'mles~or 01 LelW at 

U~D challenges BILL LOWI::IU", 
RepublICdn Congressman. 4 ht 

Congre~slOnJI Distrlt:l . 

March 22 - THE ISSUES 
WORKSHOP - Expens will 
present data on Peace , the 
Economy, Human Rights, the 
Environment, Crime, Education , 
Heallh. 

April 25 - WHITHER 1A 
JOLlA? Expens and citizens 
discuss what we want for the 
future of La Jolla and how to gCt 
there. Examples will be given of 
what Other comparJble cities 
have done . 

The meetings following these 
will be devoted to organizing for 
the comi ng elections. It will take 
grassroots mobilization of every 
Democrat to counter the 
Republican doublespeak and 
keep up our morale so we GIO 
reme Reagan . We can do It. 

11 Interested , call me at 459-
0411 (day) or 459-84l1 
(evening), or write me at Box 
288, La Jolla , 92038. 

Joseph Abrahams, M.D. 
President, La Jolla Democratic 

Club 

Editor: 
Bl..tck HIStory Month IS at 

hand In th ~ recesses 01 my 
mmd I can already sec the 

scurrying search for dusty 
dissertations of bygone years. 

In too many cases, very Iitde 
thought will be given to the 
overall mental signals these 
outmoded dissertations are 
perpetuating. 

Some recent individual 
achievements by Blacks will be 
insened in faulty effon to make 
the ideas current. Vanessa 
William's title as Miss America, 
Lt. Col. Guion Bluford . Jr:s 
mission m space, and Alice 
Walter's receipt of the Pulitzer 
Prize will be entered. 

On the political front, Mayor 
Washington of Chicago and 
Mayor Goode of Philadelphia 
vicwries will be included. The 
legislation making Martin L. 
King, Jr.'s birthday a national 
holiday will get rave reviews. 
Although mentioned , Jesse 
Jackson's cand ld.lcy for Ihe 
PreSident 01 the United ':>t.Ue" 
Will not get the ,mention Il 
rightly deserves. Pep rallies lor 
10(,11 high school lootball tC,lms 
Will recehe more el1lhUSI.lSm. 

I he rest of the llb;...lietc 
dlsscrt,.llIons \\,111 run the gJmut 
01 c,lrplcrcmg, emotional outcri es 

against social injustices. racism, 
prejudices and poveny still 
suffered by Black Americans. 

Meanwhile , the relentless 
supponers and sympathizers of 
Civil Rights and Black History 
Month, who continue to listen to 
the purponed ideas, will end 
these symbolic occasions without 
a feeling of victory. Rather, they 
will accomplish them. On the 
other hand. if the evidence 
shows, as I believe it will, that all 
rilces of mankind are victims of 
racism, poveny Imd social 
injustice, for the sake of our 
posterity, we must proclaim our 
freedom as a people and tackle 
these conditions throughout the 
world as only free men can. 

Likewise J new platform and 
new, more marvelous tribute [0 
M.lrtin L. King, Jr., beckons. It 
seems thilt the occasion of Black 

HI~tory Month 1984 presents a 
most suitable time to begin thiS 
pursUit - proclaim 
emancipation Ihen ,lOd only 
th cn credll M~lI1ln L. KlIlg, Jr ... IS 
the emJnelpJltlr. 

Anula T. Villery 

Editor 
Tim August 

Managing Editor 
Phil Lauder 
Copy Editor 

Joe Desiderio 
Opinion Editor 
Grace Nielsen 

Contributing Opinion Editor 
David Wolf 
News Editor 
Lisa Lapin 

Contributing News Editors 
Christopher Canole 
Steven R. Friedman 

Phil Willon 
Am Editor 

Andrew Keeler 
Associate Ans Editor 

John Nee 
Spans Editor 
Jeff Savage 

Photo Editor 
Rich Pecjak 

General Manager 
Chris Milke 

Associate General MlDJlcrs 
Linda Lewis 

Valerie McMullin 
Photographers 

Richard Caterina 
Rob Friedenthal 
Mark Johnson 
David Newell 
Illustrators 

John Ashlee 
Steve Kloepfer 

Typeseaers 
Joe Desiderio 
Anggie lapid 
Phillauder 

Andy laurence 
Production 

Hana Abrams 
Paul Farwell 
Lizz Fuller 
Kelley Neal 

Karla Spencer 

~tafF Writers 
Lance Bernard. Ethan Feerst, 
Sergio Kiter, Michael Panos. 

Dena Rosen. 
The UCSD Guardian is 

published MonddYs and 
Thursdays during the academic 
year by students dt UCSD. Views 
expressed in the Guardian do not 
represent the views of the 
Regents of the University of 
California or the Associated 
Students of UCSD. All un-
mitialled editorials represenr the 
views of the entire editoridl 
bOdrd of the Guardian; initi.llled 
ediloriJls represent minority 
opinions of the editorial bo,lrd. 
Reproduction, publication , or any 
use without permission or ,my 
portion 01 this newsp.lper 
without prior nOlificJt ion IS 
strictly prohibited. 

The GU(IH/1(1Il welcomes signed 
leners Jnd commemJry ,IS 
outlined m the Opinion section; 
howcver, we ,Ire not responSible 
for unsolicitcd IndnUscnpts or 
,In. 

Our ofiice IS Im:.ncd southeast 
of [he Rel'C lle ProvOSt Office next 
door In Ihe Chc C d .... on the 
UCSD c,lInpus. I he Busi ness 
Ofi lee IS npen from 9 ,lin to 
IIl1011 ,lIld I pm w 5 pm Mlmd,l)' 
til rnugh Fnd,I)'. 

~uhsc.:npl ll)n · ,m~ ,\I',li1,lbk ,mel 
11'111 hc 111 ,lIlcd IIr~t el,ls~ lor $15 
per t(lI,lItcr 

rhe UCSD Guardian 
UCSD,8-016 

La Jolla, California 92093 
(619) "52-3'*66 

Febmary 23. 1984 5 
OPINION 

. . 

The seventh week and 
the pretty white room 
By PHIL lAUDER 

College students know that time is 
measured not in months and years but 
rather in weeks - weeks of the quaner. 
The first week involves crashing classes, 
standing in stupid lines and spending 
$150 for $30 worth of books. The 
second week gives us the deadline for 
adding classes. The founh week is the 
latest we can drop classes without a silly 
"W' appearing on our transcripts. The 
fifth and sixth weeks are midterm 
weeks. The ninth week tS the last week 

. to punt out of a class we should never 

and blindly pick something. 
The worst pan of the whole thing IS 

the loneliness. There IS a feeling of 
abject frustration in seeing every person 
around you rush down to the bookstore 
to get their schedules for next quaner 

figu~d out as soon as possible. Towards 
the end of my undeclaredness, the mere 
sight of these people would become 
unbearable. In the lecture halls students 
discussed their schedules; I stopped 
going to class. Friends called up to tell 
me about their selections and ask me 

There is nothing I dread more than scheduling 
classes. I hate it. Sure, I know some people get into 
scheduling classes. Some people are loons, that's all. 

have wasted our time with In the first 
place. And last bur cenamly least, there's 
fi nals week. 

There is, however, one other 
important week of the quaner. To me it 
is the most devastating of all. Midterms 
are a breeze, finals a Sunday stroll 
compared to the terror and anguish that 
this week hastens fonh each quaner. I'm 
talking about the seventh week: the 
week the class schedules come OUl. 

There is norhing I dread more than 
scheduling classes. I hate it. Sure, I 
know some people get into it. Some 
people are loons, that's an. 

It does nor take a psychoanalyst to 
determine the roots of my deep-seated 
tear of class schedules. Every seventh 
Monday of the quaner, while still an 
undeclared major, I would wake up in 
the middle of the night in a deep sweat 
to a neon sign that read, ·Phil - YOU 
HAVE NO MAJOR. YOU ARE AIMLESS. 
GET A CLUE: Oh God , not the seventh 
week again. 

When you're undeclared, class 
schedules serve only to remind you that 
general ed. requirements are running out 
fast, and it's time to either make an 
intelligent, rational, career-type decision 
or to throw a bunch of majors into a hat 

about mine; I unplugged my phone. Lest 
I be seen at all, I hid myself in the 
eucalyptus trees. From my lookout I saw 
tens and hundreds of smiling freaks, 
travelling hither and thither with those 
despicable brown or blue or green 
pamphlets. I shivered. These people are 
lunalics. I screamed down at them, 
"You're mad, mad! Mad! - AU of you, 
MAD!" 

* * • 

A couple months in that pretty white 
room cleared my thoughts. After two 
years of aimlessness, I headed into the 
AMES Depanment. After announcing my 
major decision , most who had known of 

. my problem before told me I hadn't 
spent quite enough time in that pretty 
white room. I didn't understand. 

So now I have a major, and the arrival 
of the UCSD ·Schedule of Classes' no 
longer seems quite the nightmare it 
once was. But I still loathe the seventh 
week. I remember the pain vividly, and 
the neon sign still glows somewhere 
deep within my memory. 

As for all you still-undeclared majors 
out there , well, now you know someone 
else has been there. Someone else cares. 

(Suckers!) 

.ilZ7J." :&""t 
i4et~~H.'~ 
~~:trmakC ... 
You need accurate information in a 
profe .. ionalsettin«;l with 
«;luaranteed confidentiality. 
You'll find it at. .. 

=
_ FAMILY PLANNING 

ASSOCIATES 
MEDICAL GROUP 

• Free pre«;lnancy t .. tin«;l 
• Preqnancy terminations with 

«;leneral or local anesthesia 
• Birth control • Counselinq 
Our all gynecoIogilll and nUrN praclltionerIlp8Ciallze in pr0-
viding the servic .. you need at an alfordable price. We accept 
Medl-Cal. Private Inlurance, VISA, Mastercard. 

SAN DIEGO 
6495 Alvarado Rd. 
(619) 287 ·8226 

I Capital punishment 
c,OI1 rinucd from page 4 
extremely little about the death penalty 
and simply responded to factual 
questions regarding it in ways consistent 
with their positions. Indeed, many 
respondents stated that even if their 
knowledge of the facts was wrong, they 
would not change lhei r stands on the 
issue. As noted by the researchers, thiS 
result suggests that these opinions are 
"emotionally tied to an ideolOgical self-
image and .. . are tightly bound up with 
deeply held convicuons concerning the 
proper organization of society." 

It is apparent then that simplistic 
repons of popular approval for capital 
punishment must not be construed as a 
result of rational individual evaluation 

and should have little bearing on policy 
decisions. 

Hence, capital punishment appears to 
be an extremely costly practice with 
little demonstrable benefit for society 
other than some sort of irrational 
emotional appeal. Many countries have 
already recognized this; indeed, the only 
major industrial nations which continue 
to use the death pehalty are the United 
States, South Africa and Russia. 

Hopefully, as "lime brings into 
existence new conditions and 
purposes ," and "public opinion becomes 
enlightened by a humane justice." we 
may see the end of this C"lel, unusual 
and fruitless punishment. 

The Guardian invites our readers to make use of the opinion 
section as an open forum to present and exchange their views on 
any subject. Letters and anicles may be sent to the Opinion Editor 
at the Guardian, 8-016, UCSD, Lajolla, CA 92093 or brought to our 
offices adjacent to thE; Che Cafe. 
Cornrnental}' pieces 'may be submitted by any concerned 
individual. Pieces should be typed double-spaced on a 72-
character line. Anicles may be rebuttals to a Guardian story or 
letter. Whatever the subject, the writer should focus on a clear 
thesis. We resetve the right to edit for clarity and style, but all 
major changes will be cleared with the author prior to publication 
whenever possible. 
Letters to the editor should be typed as above. Letters are generally 
written in regard to anicles or other letters printed in the Guardian. 
However, any letter of general intrest to UCSD students will be 
considered for publication. Letters may be edited when space 
requires, and spelling and grammatical errors may be corrected. 
The writer's name and phone number must accompany every 
article and letter. . 



Alexander attempts 
Regent position 
By GRACE NIELSEN 

Some people can't tum down a 
challenge. Maty Rose Alexander is one 
of them. 

Alexander, a Muir junior, was a recent 
finalist among the nominees for the 
position of Student Regent for 1984-85. 
Each year, one student is selected [0 
serve a one-year tenn as a full voting 
member of the Board of Regems, which 
is the governing body of the University 
of Califomia system. 

-I'm the type that loves a challenge,-
said Alexander. So when the 
applications for the Student Regent 
pOSition became available, during fall 
quarter, she was among the first [0 
apply. 

The screening and selection of 
candidates is a very involved and 
thorough process. Alexander knew that 
to survive the interviews, she needed to 
become informed on the major issues 
facing the University. Although she 
knew that doing this would require a lot 
of effoIt, Alexander said, "I feel the 
leaming process is not only through 
books, but through meeting people and 
getting involved , and the time it takes is 
wonh it." 

So she began talking to many 
students and members of the 
administration in order to tty to 
understand what the problems were and 
to form an opinion about how the 
Regents should deal with them. Wlthm 

a few weeks of submitting her 
application , she was scheduled for an 
interview. Alexander was ecstatic. 

The first hurdle was an informal 
luncheon followed by an individual 20-
minute interview with the regional 
nominating commission. The 
commission is composed of two 
representatives from each of the five 
Southern campuses: Irvine, Riverside, 
Los Angeles, Santa Barbara and San 
Diego. The commission chose Alexander 
as one of the five Southem DiVISion 
applicants sent to the second interview. 

At this point , only nine candidates 
remained. Each went before a 19-
member panel of the Student Body 
Presidents Council and the current 
Student Regent for an extensive half-
hour interview. The panel questioned 
the applicants mdlvidually about such 
complex issues as the retention rate of 
Affirmative Action students, in order [0 
evaluate the candidates's understanding 
of and opinion on the topic. 

Alexander was not one of the three 
flOalists the SBPC chose , but she's not 
disappOinted . -It felt good to get as far 
as I did ," she said. -I knew 1 had 
nothing to lose by going through the 
process, and I learned so much." 

Apparently, Alexander has good 
reason to be happy with her 
performance. According to two members 
of the SBPC who spoke with her later, 

Spring Quarter 
Preferred Enrollment 

Schedule of Classes available 
in the Bookstore 

Monday, Feb. 27 Sen~ors T d Y Feb. 28 
JunlOrs ues a , F b 29 
Sophomores Wednesday, e h 1 
Freshmen Thursday, Marh 2 Graduates Feb. 27 - Marc 

,. I I I I I I I 
I I I I I II I I 

ISCDI FIRST CLASS to .... FUN. SUN of 

MAZATLAN :it P~~=mm,TljuenaAirport A ~~ 
• RouncHrip air transportation via Aeromeclco ~ ~ q..,. 

Tljuena/Mezatllln ~ ,p. q.. 
• Round-trip transfa"s Airport/Hotel Co ~ ~ 
• HotelllCCOl1'1Odetlo In Mazatlan for 5 nights ~ .Afo~ ~ ~ 

at The ,..,. delRay HoIaI on IIIC bach Q'fK_t\.cJ-
• Double occupancy: "5 ~"'~ 
• Triple occupancy: .., 

• ~ IIIC COIMnIcncc of rouncHrtp ICrvIcc 
.,.my from &laD CMIPUS. 

• ~ IIIC CllftlNderic of ,...,."..cd UCSD 
block of IOOMI In OM of MeT.....,'. bat 
hotall on IIIC bach. 

• Go wtth IIIC bCIt: 00'. at.lblllhcd 
NPUt.don In ,lvIng you IIIC bat trtpa. 

Mary Rose Alexander p/aad Jourth among candulaus Jor the '84- '85 Student Regent poSition. 

Alexander was founh among the 
finalists. ThaI says something about the 
impression Alexander made on the 
review committees, such as the SBPC. 
that many of the other candidates had. 

The experience of applying for the 
position of Student Regent has 
reinforced her opinion that it is very 
important for students to become 
infonned about the issues that affect 
them and about how the University 
system operates. Alexander encourages 
3tudents to "go through the leaming 
process as I did." 

Also, more than ever, Alexander 
believes the Student Regent position is 

important because it is the only 
representation the collective 
undergraduate and graduate student 
body of all the UC camruses has 
directly on the Board 0 Regents. 

-I really had my mind set on it," she 
said, -and now I know it is possible to 
become a Regent and to take pan in the 
decisions that affect the students." 

This year's Student Regent is UCLA 
graduate student Fred Gaines. But you 
can count on one thing - when his 
term is up , Mary Rose Alexander will be 
ready. 

Some people just can't tum down a 
challenge. 

,,--~1he Department of Uterature presents--..... 
NAOMI HALDANE MlTCBlSON 

Regents' Lecturer 

Naomi Haldane Mitchison, an English novelist who has 
. published over 70 books during a long and distinguished literary 
career, will serve as a Regents' Lecturer sponsored by the 
Department of Uterature. She will deliver two colloquia and one 
public lecture on the following dates. 
Moaday. JIebraaay 27· c.oaoq.da ·4 pm. TC8B 142 

She will talk about her brother J.B,S. Haldane, a well known 
geneticist and Communist. 

Weclaaday, hbraary 29 • PabJIc Leelll.e • 8 pill • 
IalemadoDal Center 

She will talk on her life and her work covering a period of 
more than 80 years. 

1banday, March 1 • Colloquia· 4 pill • TCHB 142 
Reading selected poems from her works. 

For further information call the Uterature Department 
452-3214 

Mter ensuring Black. rights, 
Angela Davis graces UCSD once again 
By CHRISTOPHER CANOLE 

T elevision news cameras recorded the overflow Davis searched the campus for weeks looking for lifetime." audience of 2,000 students, professors and sisters and brothers to share in her energy, During the summer of 1968, Davis focused most of curiosity seekers who jammed Royce Hall at commitment and conviction to the Black movement. her attention on passing her PhD qualifying exams. 
UClA in the fall of 1970 for the first meeting of She was becoming "churned up and destroyed inside After qualifying in the fall quarter, Davis began her 
Philosophy 99-Recurring Philosophical Themes in by these irrepressible desires to become a pan of a most noted accomplishment at UCSD. the formation of 
Black Uterature. When the lecturer took the podium, liberation movement." Davis found her only outlet in Lumumba-Zapata (now Third) College. 
oLe udl ~'ood p nd hee d "An Ia An Ia an anti-Vietnam demonstration. Some of Davis' friends "We were few [Black Student Council members I. and UJ a ence;>o u acre, ~... ge .. . 
Angela ... Angela ... Angela," The center of aD this were arrested, and when she questioned the patrol we realized that we were probably not going to be able 
attention was Angela Davis. a militant Black and an captain on the legality of the arrests, she was also to accomplish very much alone. The Chicano students 
acting assistant professor of philosophy at UCLA. She jailed. The University lodged an official protest, and had organized; we decided that we would attempt to 
was the heroine in what was fast becoming California's the charges were dropped. establish an alliance, a coalition," said Davis. "We 
most dramatic confrontation over academic freedom A few days after the demonstration, Davis met a decided to fight around a common goal, that of 
since the loyalty-oath fight in the early 19505. Black couple, and they decided to try to organiu Black establishing that the third college be called Lumumba-

students at UCSD. "We looked all over the campus to Zapata College. 
The TV news cameras win roll again this coming determine whether there were any more Black students "That was extremely important, particularly at that 

Sunday, February 26 in the Mandeville Auditorium on campus," said Davis, during her 1980 lecture here moment in the history of progressive struggles in this 
from 7:30-9:00 pm as Angela Davis steps .-------------------------------, country. Because all over there were 
onto the stage to deliver her lecture on dfons underway to pit people of coJor 
"The Status of Third World and against each other. And we decided thar 
Oppressed People," sponsored by Black unity was our only ho~. We were so 
Women Achievers and the Black few, we couldn't even begin to envision 
Student Union. The largest audience for accomplishing anything if we didn't 
a gueSt lecturer in UCSD history is come together. That's why we decided 
expected because of Angela Davis' fame to choose the name Lumumba-Zapata, 
as a radical black activist, once one of twO revolutionaries - one Black and 
the FBI's Ten Most Wanted, and fonner one Mexican." 
UCSD graduate Student. Davis made her debut as a radical 

When Angela Davis first stepped onto organizer during a spring quaner rally in 
the UCSD campus in the fall of 1967 1969. Then-Chancellor William McGill 
few knew her. Davis had graduated describes that day in his book The Year 

~ cum /audt in French literature oj the Monltty: Revolt on Campus 1968-
from Brandeis College and studied at 69. 
Goethe University in Frankfon and at "Miss Davis, slim and beautiJul, 
the Sorbonne in Paris. wearing a white T-shin and blue jeans, 

At BrandeiS, Davis was remembered seemed for all the world like a Black 
by her advisor, Professor Murray Sachs, Joan of Ale standing behind a 
as "something of a loner, distant and microphone on the base of the fountain, 
detached: a woman who had a certain three feet above thousands of 
reserve natural to one in an alien worshiping admirers. 
environment, and "the coolness of a "Next to her, waiting to speak, stood 
person who had not yet found a cause Herbert Marcuse, a dignified, elderly, 
for her passion.~ neo-Marxist philosopher, his forehead 

Davis often recalls her "deep and fu~ in a perpetual frown. He was 
personal" hun over the Binningham ~ waiting beside his star pupil, wondering. 
church bombing in 1963 where four (l or so it seemed to me, whether perhaps 
little girls from her neighborhood died. .. the revolwion of the young and the 

During her senior year at Brandeis, i disenfranchised he had forecast 10113 
Davis encountered the man who became .~ ago had come at last. Perhaps it might 
the principle inteBectual influence in 6 even now be taking shape in the hands 
her life, Herben Marcuse. Marcuse has ;:; of this extraordinary young evangelist 01 
said, "I consider her the best student I .9 black fury: 
ever had in the more than 30 years I ~ The BSC and MAYA conectively drew 
have been teaching." After her studies in ::§ up a list of demands to radicalize the 
Europe, Davis rejoined Marcuse at curriculum for the new college. The 
UCSD to begin work on her PhD. at UCSD. With her small group of ten students, some proposals of BSC-MAYA asked that -the Third College 

Waiting for the fall qualttr to begin, Davis began staff workers and faculty member Dr. Joseph Watson. be devoted to relevant education for minority youth 
studying and acquainting herself with the philosophy Davis created UCSD's Black Student Council. and to the study of the contemporary social problems 
students and professors. As students returned from By 1968, Davis realized she needed to become a of all people." 
summer vacation, Davis soon realized she would member of a larger collective to be an effective They went on to demand students' representation 
immediately become a unique feature that fall. "As the revolutionary. She secretly joined the Che-Lumumba on a Board of Directors which would control the 
resident student body grew, so did my Cub, thus becoming a full-ftedged member of the college, that the college enroll 35% black students and 
disappointment.... Each day brought on a more Communist Patty, USA. "For me, revolution was never 35% brown students, that admission to the conege be 
profound dejection, for there were no Black people on an interim 'thing to do' before settling down .... When detennined by a committee controlled by minority 
campus," Davis recaBs in her autobiography. one commits oneself to the struggle, it must be for a please tum /0 page 8 

TH€ GNJ\ €VENT 
Of THE VE:~R 

• L,ve Ente<Talnmenl 
• Relresnments 
* S500 worth 01 F,ee ChiPS 
* EXCiting P,.zes 
• Gam,ng fables 

Blacklock Keno. C,aps 
Chv.::k-o·IUCk Roulette 
POI<er Wheel of Fortune 

8 pm to Midnight $2 Donation 
Uj)utl tu ul:Su SIu<Jents. rOCult;. :il"" &. I ftulYJI 

. SOFT CONTACT LENSES 
in 
most cases 

INCLUDES: 
Contact lenses, examination, 
patient training, follow up, 
chemical care kit and fitting. 
IX1INDID WIAIl LEHSIS 
ONLY tI6S.oo 

THE CLASSICAL EYE 
DR. ROtERT HEUER 

La JoIlI V~Iage Square 
(Inside the Mel; Lower Levet) 

8657 Villi La JoIlI Drive • SUite 1 36 
451-7374 



Angela Davis 
continued from page 7 
students, and that the curriculum 
emphasize minority problems as well as 
the usual college subjects. 

"At first we were told we were going 
m alienare aU kinds of people, we were 
going to alienate the faculty , because we 
did do things like enter the meetings of 
the Academic Senate· uninvited, after we 
had attempted to receive their attentions 
several times," said Davis. "It was 
important to d iscover some dramatic 
methods of focusing attention on the 
absolute disregard on the pan of the 
administration on th is campus mwards 
the needs and interests of people of 
color." 

The reactions to these demands were 
mixed. Most students did not even 
know they had been made. The campus 
newspapers, the Triton Times and 
Indicator, never once mentioned • 
anything about these demands or Angela 
Davis up to this time. The 
administration, led by Chancellor 
McGill, was cautious. McGill approved 
many of the principles underlying the 
proposals but refused to endorse them 
because they were written in 
inflammatory language. 

Negotiations continued for several 
weeks. BSC-MAYA representatives. who 
had negOliated with the understanding 
that Senate approval of the results of the 
negotiations would be a formality, were 
angered to find the Senate debating 
endlessly about the college. 

To break the deadlock, Angela Davis 
led the most militant action in the 
h ismI)' of UCSD - occupation of the 
Registrar's office. The action was raken 
by 52 students and lasted about 80 
minutes. "We were serious, and we 
knew that we ran some risks ." Davis 
said . "I was almost expelled and my 
educational career was impOrtant to me. 

But it was also extremely important to 
assure that as many people who have so 
long been denied the right to education 
- it was important to assure that in 
future years those opponunities would 
be widened." 

Informed of the action. the Academic 
Senate moved to consider several 
resolutions on the floor. It passed the 
Veron resolution. which called for a new 
negotiating commiuee to be set up with 
members favorable to the principles 
underlying Lumumba-Zapata College. 

Angela Davis left UCSD the next fall 
to teach at UClA She was hounded for 
her radicalism by the then-governor, 
Ronald Reagan. and the UC Board of 
Regents. After her opening lecture at 
Royce Hall at UCLA, a graduate student 
and reponed FBI agent wrote a letter to 
the campus newspaper denouncing her 
as a member of the communist pany. 

A month before. the UC Regents 
adopted a resolution that "no political 
test shall ever be considered in the 
appointment and promOlion of any 
faculty member." But, under pressure 
from Gov. Reagan, the regents cited a 
policy dating to 19iO against hiring 
members of the Community Pany and 
directed UClA chancellor Charles 
Young to investigate Davis. Young 
commented. "The firing of Angela Davis 
will cause a row that will make the 
loyaity-oath fight look like a Sunday-
school picnic." Thus began Davis' next 
crusade for academic freedom. 

With the departure of Angela Davis 
from UCSD, the fires of radicalism lost 
their fury, The BSC-MAYA negotiated 
lesser demands with the Academic 
Senate, and students selected the name 
Third College over Lumumba-Zapata. 

But the fires are beginning to burn 
again. As Angela Davis said in her 1980 

On February 24. 1984, from 4 pm to 7 pm in Peterson HaD. room lOb, students . 
faculty and staff will gather to meet. exchange views on Black male-female 
relationships and discuss strategies for building a sense of community among Black 
students at UCSD. 

Dr. Danny Scarborough, a professor of literature in the Afro-American Studies 
Deparunent at San Diego State University. and Director of the SDSU Black Repenory 
Total Theatrical Experience. has been invited to discuss how Black male-female 
relationships are depicted in African-American literature. Two members of his 
company. Steve and Ava Beard . will . through dance. convey the essence of relating. 

This multi-media approach is one of several programs being planned as a pan of re -
initiating the Campus Black Forum. Campus Blac k Forum will meet on a weekly basis 

Black students will 
hold forum Friday 

to address issues and concerns of Black students that are academic as well as social in 
content. 

In 1983. Dr. Jacqueline Aeming did a national research study on the "Impact of 
College Environments on Black Students." In her study, she highlights three fac tors 
that can significantly influence a student's motivation to achieve academic 
excellence: networking and making friends; joining in extracurricular activities; and 
making academic progress between freshman and senior year. 

Dr. Phil Raphae~' Dr. RocheU Bastien, TemiDe Poner and Bob Irvin are coordinating 
this special event. and view the Campus Black Forum as a vehicle of social/ emOlional 
networking to improve the quality of life for Black students on campus. as weD as the 
surrounding Black community at large. 

visit. "They want to crealC the 
impression that the struule is 
something that happeneCfback then. It 
has been ten years since I was last 
here .... I could talk about ten years of 
lessons. ten years of struggle. But I think 
I will talk about the struggle for equal 
education. the fight against racism in 

general .... The fight is not over. On the 
contrary, it has jUst begun. The most 
important responsibility resting with us 
[in 1969] was to ensure that whoever 
became involved in the coOege -
students and faculty alike, carried on 
the legacy of struggle out of which the 
idea of Lumumba-Zapata was born." 

fcJjtiA~i1-~-a---(t(j)~--o-w-~[P~~(jA[! 
~----------------------------------~----------------------------------~ i .,.~s~ cAnNa 4 ; La Jolla Village i 
I ~~ ~A7' - I 
I ' ~ La Jolla VUlage Square -,.~; Del' I 
I a' Lower Level, ~ EDb'aDc:e'~ f-i I 
: "ODly • bike ride ... y" ~ •• : 
I 457-4050 i Lower lael, r.t EIItnace I I • I 
: : 453-2260/453-2261 : 
I • 0pp0IIIte CIdIIeIe !atIag Place I i r=~ ~~ ~ " ! ! 
ifl OUr Daily Special is Only $299 ~ r.~ ~@~ ~~ ~ 
: g Buy Any Sandwich or Dinner ~ 
i Buy One, Get Another ~ • 

g Get Another of Equal Value I tt:::==~ ~ ra ~ ~ ~ L~ ~ [; [; ~J i 
I • 

With This Coupon. Special good weekdays from 5:00 pm _ 9:00 pm II With This Coupon. Good Weekdays from 5:00 - 9:00 pm. I. 
fxpires March 1, 1984, 

z:: and all day Saturday Ii Sunday, : r------------------, ·r-----:----------l i 
e Expires March 1, 1984, Not good on Take-outs ~ DAILY Sl'UlAlSz l 5" Coke II ii 
=> _ Y2 Sandwich, Soup or Salad bel)' Tuesday Mgbt ;; 8 DAILY SrKIAL rr.A11JRES COPIBIMDort PlAns: 8 l /Yo Purchue /Yecessary : ~ 

Sweet aad Sour rork ~ $ 299 I I I ~ SIIaag ~=-: ~ ~ ! __________________ .! L __ ~!'!'_~~ ____ J § 
E_ Choose 2 of 3 plus fried nce and wanton Our menu Includes such delectable.t &5 Oyl'05, 'alard, ~ 
• plus many more.... i lorba, sandwiches, soup and sal .. , and morell I 
I • I I Monday-Friday lO:OOam-9:OOpm. Saturday 10:OOam-6:00pm. Sunday Noon-5:00pm I Monday-friday 8:00am-9:00pm. saturday 8:00am-6:00pm, SUnday 8:00am-5:00pm. I 

~----------------------------------~----------------------------------_. 
~.. . 

v IL 
Volume 10 Number 9 Winter Quarter 
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~====~~~~~~ 

SPEAK UP AT 
COMMENCEMENT! 

Do you think that you 
have something to say? At 
commencement of June 
17th, a Revelle graduating 
senior will pay his/ her 
regards to the college. The 
student speaker will have 
an opportunity to express 
the sentiments of all 
Revelle seniors as he/she 
reflects on time spent at 
Revelle College and UCSD, 
If you are interested in speaking, please 
submit an application and an outline of 
your speech by the deadline, March 
23rd. Applications are available in the 
Revelle Provoat's Office. 

WORKSHOP 
SERIES Stra..... Pol' Suece.fu1 Careel' 

Development For Women 
Thla annual workshop eeriel will fcxua 
on several imponant iMuea for UCSD 
ItUdenta who are looIdna ahead to the 
time when they will enter the workplace 
after p-aduation_ 

'ssva /or Single Women in College and 
Careers - Temille Portier, M.A. Monday, 
March 5, 12:30 to 1:+5 pm, 
Mountainview l..ounae, Third Colleae-
Balmtcing Career and Famil, Rola • 
Rochelle Batien, Ph.D. and Daniel G. 
Munoz, Ph_D. Wednelday, March 7, 2 
(O. .. .pm, M ... Ue Iaformal Louage_ 
An on-tOina support group for women 
with illues of career identity will be 
offered by Psychoioaical Services 
bep\nina Tuctday, February 211t, 3 to 
+ pm. The group will be led by Lori Kolt, 
Ph.D., and will meet at the Central 
Office of PsycholQ8ical Services, 1003 
H-L 
For further information reprdina the 
Workshop Series or the support group, 
call +52·3755. . 
SpJruond by Ps,cltological SmIica, Career 
Planning and Placement, Office of 
Gn:aduare .sa.dies and Raecm:h, and 
Women's Center. 

SPOTLIGHT ON: 
MIN A OCAMPO 

IiAVVl" IjI~TI-t[)4l"! 
l?()f3~l? I;IV~LLt: 

OriginaUy from San Cieao, Mina is a Biochem major at Revelle. She Is an active Revelle College, initially called First 
member of Commuter Advilory Board, Noon Programminl Board and Revelle Collqe, WIS named for Dr. R~r 
Third World Alliance. Mina keepe henelf 10 involved beaUle, she says, it Revelle, who had been director of the 
"keq» her sane", Last year she wun't involved, and says that .chool itlelf waan't Scripps Institution of Oceanography 
enOUlhtokeephermotiva=l.SoshethrewherselfintohercoUCICthisyear,and from 1950 to 1963. Dr. Revelle bepn 
is much happier. She finds her activities I great releue for all her enerJY- his career u an oceanographer and has 

Mina also worb at OJ's fashion cen~r for men, a great job for sinPe pla. After since been involved in the areas of 
she araduaflel she hopes to 10 to mee!. .choal. population studies (at Harvard), 

Mina', latat project was the extremely successful Street Dancers performance geoiOlY, science and public policy, and 
last Friday on the plaza with Star City Poppers, Mina plans to be on only one agricultural development in Third 
committee next yesr, but whichever committee she chOOIeI is sure to benefit World countries. Currently, Dr. ReveUe 
from her membership. is on a committee researching the 
~ ___________________________ ; problem of increasing levela of carbon 
.... dioxide in the abnOlphere. 

mE PLAZA ---....... W,edIIlelWLV, Feb. 22 .. Noon Concert with the uOdd."i 
RewUePIata 

Friday, February 24 .. "War GGmeI", 8:00 SIMO, 
USB 2722, spon.ored by RPB 

Wednaday, February 29 .. CAB break(ae in 
Commuter Louna'e at 7:30 am with RewlZe College 
Council and RPB repramtcleiw. 

Friday, Marcb 2 '" NPB Noon Concert with the 
ttFlami"l HibGdUs", RewlZe Plata 

Monday, Mardl S '" Roser IUwUe'. Birdadca, ceJe~. 
with caIce, punch and SURPRISES! Noon on Revelle 
Plata . 

Tuelday, March 6 .. Famil, Feud, Noon on Plata 

ACADEMIC 
ADVISORY 
Drop-in academic advisiRl for Revelle 
studenta at ProvOit', Office: 

Feb 21 • Feb 2+ 
Feb 27 - Mar 2 

Preferred Enrollment: 
for senlon_ .. Feb 27 
for juniors ... Feb 28 

for sophomores ... Feb 29 
for fresIunen .. _Mar 1 

Satning Tunday, Feb 22, Spring '8+ 
schedule of clalleS is available in the 
bookstore. 

**** 

Commuter Column 
by Margot Gordon 

12.00 you 10 to on-ampus events? 13. 00 you want to lID to theIe evmta? 
Y. 61 No 12 Y. 53 No 17 

1+. What even .. , if any, would you like to see more o£l 
Brown 8ap 1 WM Q)aeen 1 Bands OIl PIua 11 

Well, the commuter surveys that were published in Revellations January 26 have 
been tallied. The resulta are ready for viewing._.IO, here they are: 

L F 17 So 23 Jr 20 Sr 20 
2. Have you ever lived in the dorms? Yes 50 No 32 
3. Do you read Revellations? Always 10 Sometim. "9 Never 21 
+. Do you feel that you have places to 110 for needed information? Y. 68 No 9 
5. If 10, where do you Ft this information? 

Guardian 5 
Commu~r Lounae 9 
ProvOit Office 6 
General CatalOl 1 
Everywhere 1 

6. What types of information are you lacking? 

EDNA 15 
OASIS 1 

Student Center 3 
Mailed Info 1 

Library 1 

None 1 General Events 2 Course Experience 1 
7. Do you feel connec=l to your Collqe? 

Yes 19 No 23 
8. Have yu ever been sexually anracted to a tree? 

Yes 20 No 51 
9. If so, would you know where to 10 for help? 

Yea 19 No 10 
10. Who is the College Provost? 

Dr. Bond 13 
Dr. Bonner 1 
Dr . Woo 2 
Chips 2 
Roger Revelle 1 
Stewart 2 

11. Do you care? Yes 29 

Dean? 
Mort 13 

Chips 5 

•• , I 

Fireaides 1 TGIf IS Dancea 7 
Noon Activides 2 Political Eventa 1 Arts 1 
Commuter Activities 1 Food 2 Movies 2 
Fratemides I lectureS 1 Debates 1 

15. Do you make UIe of the College Campus facilities available to you? Y. 
7S No 1 
1.6. If 10, how often do you UIe these facilities? 

. Always 30 Somedmel +4 Never 3 
17. Do you feel parking, food, lcxker facilities are adequa~? Yes 17 No 59 
18. If not, what added facilities would you suaest? 

Lights Parkina Lot 2 
Orpnized Bulletin Board in the Lounge 1 
PukinJ <to 
Lockers 6 

~ Parking Permits 1 
2+ Hours Coffee and Sandwich stand 1 

19. What is LIe billFst complaint about Revelle College? 
Nerd. that pia, bridp in commuteI' lounae 11 
Too many requirementa 5 Flag not being up 1 
Humanities 6 Language Requirements 1 
Parking 8 Fountain turned off 1 
Drummers in dorms 1 Too many brains 1 

The CAB (Commuter Advisory Board) will use these results to better aid Revelle 
Commuters. For example; the Board will attempt to get a speaker from the 
parking office to discuss the current parking squeeze and what new developments 
are foreseen in the near future . These results, however, only serve uone index of 
commuter needs, if you wish to express any further concerns, come to a CAB 
meetina (every Friday from J.+ pm In the ProVOIt's Offlce~ Or, leave your 
suantions at the Commuter Lounae office for MarJot, the CAB in~rn. 



10 Februal)' 23, 1984 
NEW 

• . . ' T _ • " ." • • ':. '.~ 

Non-registrants may 
be denied state aid 
By JACKIE AFFONSO 
Sacramento Cormpondcnt 

State financial aid would be denied to 
postsecondary students not registered 
with the US Military Selective Service 
under legislation modeled after the 
Federal Solomon Amendment. 

Assembly BiU 2570, introduced by 
Assemblymember Frank Hill (R-Los 
Angeles) January 3 I, would prohibit the 

tudent Aid CommiSSion or any public 
or private postsecondary educational 
Insritlltion from administering finanCial 
aid to applicants who fail to register 
with the Selective Service. 

Under the Solomon Amendment, .. 
which became effective June 1983, 
students not registered for the draft are 
not eligible for federal financial aid . 
However. the constitutionality of the law 
is now being debated in the US 

Irons 
conllnued from page 3 

He compared the ties between the 
ethnic Japanese and Imperial Japan to 
the Iranian dissidence in the United 
tates during the hostage sltuatlon. Both 

were periods of national crisis and 
Involved anger directed toward a 
country and its people . 

Masugi admined that the motives of 
the internment may be racist, but 
added , "What does that tell us about 
what we should do now?" 

If an education foundation is granted , 
as the commission requested , Masugi is 
concerned that the scholarships given 
will be based solely on race. "It may do 
as much to inflame racism as to 
discourage it." 

"It was not a mIlitary neceSSity to 
intern the Japanese-Americans," 
exclaimed professor Irons. "There were 
never any instances of Japanese-
American espionage or sabotage ." 

Irons argued that the internment was 
based on racist anitudes that existed at 
the time. Because the Japanese were 
such successful farmers , the white 
farmers, and subsequently the local 

Supreme Coun. 
Hill introduced the bill because he 

thought it "objectionable" that students 
who did not register with the selective 
service were continuing to receive state 
funds , Cindy Judy, administrative aid to 
Hill, said. 

"If lhey fail 10 comply with federal 
law, they shouldn't be looking to the 
state for assistance: Judy said , 
reiterating Hill's sentiment. 

The effect of the legislation on 
University students IS questionable. Lois 
McNally, public information officer for 
the Student Aid Commission, said the 
majority of financial aid funding comes 
from federal, not state, funds . Also, she 
said most students apply for a 
combination of finanCial aid programs 

politicians wanted to get them out of 
California. This suppOrt aUowed West 
Coast militaty commander General J.L. 
Dewitt to do exactly that. 

"There IS no support under our legal 
system for a theory of collective or racial 
guilt ," Irons said . About the government 
officials who carried out Ihe internment, 
mcludlllg President Roosevelt, he stated , 
"We can understand them, but we don't 
have to forigve them for what they did ." 

While Masugl felt that the president 
· should have the force and power to do 
what has to be done" in times of war, 
Irons stated that constitutional rights 
must prevail "equally in times of war 
and peace." 

One of those in the audience was 
Katherine Kumamoto, who had been 
forcibly evacuated from her home in 
Mission Beach during the war. She was 
only in high school. 

"It damaged you in the sense that you 
felt that you weren't an American. You 
felt hurt and inferior." 

About Dr. Masugi , she replied, "He 
doesn't know. He wasn't there ." 

From Low $70,000'8 
in The Golden Triangle 
Nestled between University Towne Center and the ocean 
is the Pines of La Jolla. Enter your highly secure 1, 2 or 3 
bedroom condominium home with enclosed garage 
parking. Enjoy a game of racquetball, a swim in one of the 
two spacious pools or just relax in the spa, Live in 
splendid environs with video monitors, imported 
european cabinetry, microwave ovens, 10 foot high 
ceilings and many other luxurious amenities, 

I 
f 
I 

Phase II is now open for viewing. 

Pines of La Jolla 
from low $70,000'8 

Superlative Financing 
Models Open 10:30 to Dusk Daily 

Closed ~ednesday 

(619) 452-1152 

"'Il 4 "-. , 1 111 '1 I If I I 11,"I~i ' \o\' IIIIIJlI' III IIH f ' 

and "would be likely to be complying to 
the law already." 

In addition, the University is, and will 
continue, supplementing state and 
federal financial aid awards given to 
students with its own funds, Marilyn 
Jaeger, UC director of financial aid, 
said. The University has complied wuh 
the Solomon Amendment, but has not 
made any policy changes other than 
requinng students to sign draft 
"co mpliance statements." she said. 

Although the University does not 
have documented information on the 
number of students denied federal aid 
because of refUSing to register, Jaeger 
said the number is small. ''Very, very few 
students have refused to sign the 
compliance statement," said Jaeger. 

The UC Student LDbby has ranked 
opposition to this bill as its "first 
priority," Ron Balestrieri , lobby director, 

said . The lobby is now conducting an 
"all OUt" lobby campaign, consisting of 
phone caDs, lener wnting and personal 
meetings with legislators. 

While the University has not taken 
an olTicial position on the bill , it is 
opposed to the idea, Steve Arditti, UC 
director of state governmental relations, 
said . 

Arditti said the University does ,not 
feel that denying aid to students is part 
of its educational dUlles. He said the 
present law is "inequitable" because it 
serves as an added penalty to a select 
body of students. 

"This notion has relevance only to 
low-income students," he said. 

The bill, sponsored by both 
Democrats and Republicans and co-
authored by four Republican senators, is 
scheduled to be heard in the Assembly 
Education Committee in March. 

Mentor Progralll 
contlllued from page 3 
understand ,lOd to communicate 
efteUlvd), With adolescents: commented 
Mano Chacon , Assistant Director 01 the 
Upward Bound Program . 

Currently, (he program has 00 high 
school P,lnlclpants. "Most of these kids' 
parents have a low level 01 eduGltIon. 
There an: no wllege graduates. In some 
cases, the parents have nu lormal 
educ.ltIon," cited Chacon. 1 he program 
stTl\'es tll help thc underrepresented 
groups, the onl.'s not represented at 
ulllversities according III their number.. 
In the pupuLuilln. I herclore , thl.' 
maJonty 01 the high SC hOlll P,InIClP,lIlts 
are Blacks and Mexil\ ll1s 

The p,unng of students wl(h mcntors 
IS conducted by the Upward Bound 
Stan. The 101l0wII1g lactors arc taken 
IOto considerdllon in the pairing: 
gellgrdphic location ; simil'lr acadcmlc 
major or inte rest; Silme sex; same 
ethnicity; and mentor request. 

After the mentor and student arc 
matched, it is the responSibility of the 
mcntor to contact the student to set up 
a mutual meeting location. The mitial 
contact between the twO may be 
awkward SIllCC neither one knows what 
to expect from the Other. However, as 
time dcvelups, intimacy mOl)' n:place 
th,1t iniual awkwardness. 

Thc students have many needs that 
can be met by a mentor. -I heir primary 
need IS ae4ulring a knowledge about the 

SENIOR NURSE 
STUDENTS 

Adventure, .. Challenge .. , 
Professionalism! 

An exciting job with 
opportunities for world-wide 
travel, career development, 
professional growth, excellent 
benefits. BSN graduates or 
senior students are eligible, If 
you're going to be someone, 
special...Be a Navy Nurse! For 
more information call 293-
6746, 8 am - 4 pm, Monday, 
Wednesday, 

college tructure . These students come 
from hllm!tes where parents generJlIy 
encour..lge the pursUit of (I higher 
educ.mon . However, since many of 
these parents have not attended college, 
the)' lack the necessary information to 
pflJVIde wnCTete supplm to their 
children. Consequently, these students 
may not consider college as a poSSible 
altcm,ltlve even though mey may hJve 
the potential and the deSire to pursue 
higher education. 

A;, a college student, the mentor IS m 
the posiuon to proVide these high 
school students \\'Ith ,I personal COnt..lC[ 
with the Ul1Ivcr..ity. By shanng hiS own 
experience ,lIld knllwledge about the 
institution ul college, the mentor may be 
,Ible to e..lSl.' some 01 the apprehension 
rclt by students and pOSSibly by their 
parents. 

The mcntor can also meet a student's 
neetl by being a role model. Beyond 
tutori ng, these students need to stay 
motivateu to study and keep up with 
their subjects. The mentor can help 
keep students' interest and motivation at 
its optimum by being a good example to 
them. 

Mentors benefit by gaming valuable 
leadership qualilll:s and munseling 
experiences. This proviues great training 
for those wishlllg to pursue careers 1Il 
educ,ltIon or counseling. 

(Students mterested in becoming 
menturs should contact MariO Chacon 
at 452-4250.) 

Color Blind? 

"f!!>: .~ ~ ~ 
It you are color blind we 

will pay you SS,OO per hour 
to participate in perception 
experiments on the nature 
01 color blindness. For more 
information contact: !Cathy 
Purl or A1 Nagy at 452-4762 

between 9:00 and noon, 

I 38(: off -51 p.rc ..... of $1.00 or .. or. I 
• W. aI.o honor all 

Vogurt Parlor coupo ••• 
o_per 

CU.'omer 

1030 Torrey Pin •• Rd. NoUl Openr 
at Hersch.1 1774 Garn.t Ave. 

EAp;re .. hob, 29, 1984, La Jolla Pacific Plaza 
------------------~~~~~~~ 

Triton high ends with hangover 
By MIKE GREENBERG 
SANTA BARBARA - If there was any 
doubt as to the validity of Westmont's 
number three ranking, it was dispeDed 
Tuesday night, as the Warriors soundly 
defeated UCSD 106-78, making 
tomorrow night's contest at Point LDma 
critical for the Tritons if they want the 
home court advantage in this year's 
playoffs. A win over the Crusaders and 
an Azusa Pacific victory Over Cal Baptist 
(who beat Point LDma on Tuesday, 
eliminating the Ianer from home coun 
consideration) would vault UCSD into 
the fourth spot in the NAlA playoff 
picture and assure that the March 3 first 
round would be played in the Pavilion. 

Yet, the Tritons bener concern 
themselves with what went wrong 
Tuesday. For the umpteenth time, UCSD 
came out Oat in the opening moments, 
and played catch up throughout, only to 
have its once-labeled "tenacious" 
defense be the downfall in their defeat. 

UCSD allowed more points in the 
second half (65) than it usuaUy gives up 
In a game. The somewhat awesome 
-freak" defense faltered, and head coach 
T om Marshall's proclamation that his 
team would upset Westmont by two 
points was in Jeopardy from the 
opening. tip. 

Backed by 1,000 subdued fans who, 
by now, are accustomed to their team 
winning by big numbers, Westmont 
scored the' game's first eight points. By 
halftime, it was 41-30, and what little 
hope the Tritons had in a second 
stanza comeback was quickly quashed 
four minutes after intermission. Marshall 
decided to put his team into a full coun 
press to change the tempo, but the ever-
opportunistic Warrior capitalized with 
an abundance of criSp passes that 
resulted in breaking that press for easy 
layups. UCSD scored enough points to 
win against almost any opponent, but 
Westmont docs not lead the conference 
in field goal shooting because' of an 
error by the league statistician. The 
Warriors shot 63% from the floor, while 
the Tritons threaded the nets at a 54% 
clip. But a 43% figure in the first half 
put UCSD in a hole that would get 
deeper as the night progressed. So 
instead of controlling their own destiny, 
MarshaU's lads have to rely on Azusa 
Pacific to upset Cal Baptist for UCSD to 
gain the home coun advantage, 
something the Triton head coach said is 
"a must" if the club is going to succeed 
in post-season action. One only has to 
look at the club's road record (1-6) to 
realize the importance of playing in the 
friendly confines of Triton Pavilion. 

Even in defeat, Marshall remains his 
ever-present optimistic self. But 
sometimes, the rookie coach exaggerates 
to the point of lunacy. "This loss was 
attributed more to how badly we played 
than how well they played," said 
Marshall, yesterday morning. "We can 
play with these guys on any given 
night.. .. If they are number three in the 
nation, then we should be ranked ." 

One might ask why the Tntons 
should even be considered for a 
natillnal ranking. Sure, they have played 
well of late (lour out 01 six wins). but 
thclr overall record IS 10- 16. Compare 
that With Westmont\ 2 }-2 and one can 
understand the ration,lle m aWJrdlng 
the Warriors such a Illfty StJtUS 1Il the 
polls But the Truons dc~ervc to bc 
ranked as much as l'Llrk)"s II deserves 
.In ACJdemy Award nomination . )lnce 
dc/eating I'Oll1t Loma on February 2. 
UC:,[) h,b beaten three mediocre clubs 
- Azusa P.lcihc, I.A BJpust and .II 

Baptist - while falling to the only 
quality tearns they have faced -
Southern Cal College and Westmont. 
Granted, the Tritons have performed 
superbly in spurts this season (with the 
Spirit Night being the coup de grace), but 
the team's inconsistent play, especiaUy 
in the first halves raises a doubt as to 
whether UCSD will be playing after 
March 3. 

But the subject at hand is Point LDma, 
and they will cenainly be looking to 
avenge UCSD's Spirit Night triumph. On 
that night, the Crusaders were on top of 
the Southern Division at 4-1, three 
games in from of the Tritons. Three 
weeks later, Point Lorna is 5-7, tied with 
UCSD lOr founh in the division, three 
behind leader Southern Cal College. No 
one is quite sure, especiaDy head coach 
Ben Foster, what exacdy had happened 
to the Crusaders in their last seven 
contests. Picked as the favorites to win 
the division and possibly repeat as 
district champions, Point Loma has 

been the biggest disappointment in the 
conference this year. 
TRITON HOOP·u.H: Forward Marl! 
Barecca, who has blossomed in the second 
half oj the season, outplayed Westmont 
power forward Tray Knetchel, scoring 25 
points. whUe snagging 11 rebounds. That is 
the second consecutive contest in which 
Barecca has dominated the league's best 
forwards. Prtvious to Knetchel, Marh Van 
Severen was Bareeca's victim . These two 
bach-to-back performances add further 
credence to Marshall's claim lhat lhe Triton 
junior should make this year's aU-star 
leam .... Brandon Nixon played wtU, 
shooting 7-10 from the fitld and 4-4 from 
the charity stripe for 18 points. Nixon has 
now illustrated that he has completely 

rr:c~red from a back injury and collarbone 
separation that ltept the Triton perennial 
all-star from playing 100%. Nixon's return 
has also helped freshman Greg Kamansl/y, 
who doesn't have to carry the burden as 
UCSD's only true scoring guard. Kamansky 
added 14 Tuesday night, 

UCSD's sucass revolves, in part, around 
bachcourt specialist Brandon Nixon. 

Spikers manage a game 
By USA lAPIN 

The UCSD men's volleybaD team did 
it again in Triton Pavilion, as they sem 
San Diego State home last night 
wondering what had hit them. The 
Tmons did the unheard of by taking the 
game from the fourth-ranked , Division 1 
Aztecs, as they eventually went on to 
lose in four . 

UCSD is in Division III and was not 
expected to score weD against SDSU, but 
they did, avenging their brutal loss three 
weeks ago to the Aztecs when the 
Tritons scored a total of four points in 
three games. San Diego State was not 
expecting improvement in UCSD's 
offense and was cocky at the outset, 
winning the first game 15-6. But after 
dropping the second game to the 
Tritons by a 15-7 coum, they knew they 

wert: up against a team that meant 
business. The Aztecs won the third 
game with minimal difficulty but had to 
fight bef.ore they took the fourth . The 
Triton fans who turned out for the evem 
were treated to some exciting voUeybaD 
in the process. 

"Earlier in the year we would have 
folded up our rents," said Triton coach 
Doug Dannevik, who was proud of the 
team effon. "We had a lead in the 
second game and we held it. We came 
back from point deficits in the other 
games." 

UCSD upheld a match-long tradition 
of Jumping out to an early lead. Hits by 
Mike Mitchell and Man Hunt gave the 
Triton spikers a 3-0 advantage j'n the 
first game, but missed serves and 

A FRESHMAN DUET - Matt Hunt and Geo~c Kmghts CDnvc~c on all SDSU '1'Ik~ 

Intense hits by State's John Eddo tied 
the game at three all. UCSD's John 
Henderson and Tad Braun had a 
mishap and coDided on the coun, 
enabling the Aztecs to grab a 6-4 lead, 
Not to be denied, the Tritons came right 
back as blockers Scott Criswell and Scon 
McGregor leaped for a point, to tie the 
contest at six. The Tritons took the lead 
7-6 as 6'1 * blocker John Henderson 
blasted a spike between the SDSU 
defenders. From there, the Tritons lost 
momentum by succumbing to errors and 
penalty caDs. With the Aztecs ahead 13-
6, Dannevik resorted to substitutions 
and was finally forced to call time out 
when the senior-dominated State team 
reached game poim. A clean rany by 
SDSU ended the game. The fun was 
about to begin for UCSD. 

The second game was UCSD's tum 
for glory as they opened with a kill by 
sophomore hitter Tad Braun. Two errors 
by the visitors and two "taps" off of the 
magic fingers of MitcheD gave the 
Tritons a four-point lead. 

Once again, the Aztecs' John Eddo 
dominated his side of the court, and 
several weU-contested rallies went 
SDSU's way to bring the score to five all. 
SDSU's Kevin Droke served the baD out, 
and a brilliant tap by George Knights 
gave UCSD a 6-5 lead. SDSU's numblfT 
one hiner, Mike Sagely, repeatedly 
brought the ball back to the Aztecs' side 
of the coun, but the visiting team was 
unable to take advantage of its 
opportunities as UCSD consistently 
forced th~ side out. AnOther tap by 
Mitchell had the fans on their feet, and 
a strong hit by Hunt, followed by 
another hit by the red-hot Mitchell, put 
UCSD ahead at 8-7. 
The Aztecs then made several blatant 
errors atypical of their top Division (status, 
With the score at 10-7, Aztec head coach 
Duncan McFarland called a umeout, but it 
had no viSible effect on his team's 
performance. After well-executed UCSD 
scmmbles, some clowning by Kevin 
Bateman on the servlOg court and hits by 
Braun and Henderson, the Tritons 
emerged vi torious, 15-7. 

DJnnevik relied oldy on staning 
pktlSi tum 10 page Ii 



UCSD eyes third-ranked NAIA tea~ 
By MIKE GREENBERG 

Once in a blue moon. a great hilting 
team shows up at Olsen Field to playa 
baseball game. Unfortunately for the 
UCSD faithful . the above statement is 
usually reserved for their opponents. not 
the Tritons. Such will be the case today 
at 2:30 pm. as Grand Canyon College. 
the country's third-ranked team in the 
NAJA VIsits from Arizona to face UCSD 
in what should be the year's most 
entertaining contest. 

Since they have won the NAIA 
national championship three out of 
their last four campaigns and currently 
possess an unblemished record of 8-0. 
Triton Manager Lyle Yates is realisti\!' 
about his team's chances. "You'll 
probably see the best team in terms of 
offense . scoring runs and hitting the ball 
hard if you come out today." said Yates 
in a definite appeal for crowd suppOrt. 
"They can compete against any team in 
the nation. and that means the best 
teams in Division I." 

Besides being concerned with the 
Antelopes. UCSD's head coach must be 
worried about the possibility of fatigue 
today. SInce the ballclub traveled to 
Redlands yesterday (see SIdebar). 
Arriving in San Diego late last night. the 
Tritons must regroup in time to playa 
team that averages nine runs a game. 
Says Yates: "We should be tired. but 
playing Grand Canyon will pump us up. 
Besides. we have five guys who should 
be rested: The players Yates alluded to 
lire five starters who couldn 't make the 
trip due to study sessions in preparation 
'or this week's midterms. But the dub 
;hould be at full strength today as 

sophomore righthander Mark Sloan 
makes his second stan of the season . 

Sloan's last appearance was a superb 
one. as he combined with Eric Reynolds 
and Rob Case on a 3-hlt. 15 strikeout 
shutout over Cal Tech Saturday in the 
nightcap of a twin bill. The flrst game 
was also won by UCSD 13-1 as 
freshman Derrick A1konis went 3-5 with 
3 RBI's. 

There will be added incentive for 
UCSD against the Antelop.es since the 
dub dropped two very dose contests in 
the visitor's home state at the outset of 

the season . In that doubleheader. Grand 
Canyon crossed home plate 25 times 
and Yates doesn't see any reason for 
that trend to dlscontmue. "They will 
score runs today. What we have to do is 
play good defense and capitalize on our 
opportunities. We played them very 
tough in Arizona and actually had 
chances to win In both games. If we 
play good sound baseball , we could 
upset them. I'm expecting a great game." 

Scheduling such teams as Redlands 
and Grand Canyon (twice) is a crafty 
move by Yates. since the tough 

Redlands bats pound Tritons 
Following UCSD's doubleheader pounding of Cal Tech this past weekend 

(combined score: UCSD 30, Cal Tech 1). the Tritons found out what it was like to be 
on the short end of the scoreboard as the University of Redlands pounded them, 14-2 
yesterday. Head coach Lyle Yates summed up the performance of the Tmons on the 
afternoon when he stated, "We didn't play well offensively or defensively, and our 
pitching was terrible." 

Redlands jumped out to a 2-0 lead off Triton starter Mike Peterson in the flrston the 
strength of three singles and a pair of walks. The Bulldogs added four more in the third 
with a Single, a double, two more walks and two squeeze bunts. UCSD came back with 
a single run in the fourth as John Rosness, who went 3 for 4 on the day, drove inJohn 
Hickman. The Tritons closed to 6-2 when Don Petersen tripled in the seventh and 
Rosness drove him in. With the two runs batted in. Rosness raised his team-leading 
RBI total to 11. But in the boltom of the seventh, after Rob Case had replaced Kevin 
Illingworth on the mound for UCSD, Redlands extended a rude greeting to the Triton 
reliever by exploding for seven runs to ice the game. 

The Tritons slipped to 5-6 on the year, and will be hard-pressed to even their 
record today as they host the NAJA's third-ranked team. Grand Canyon College. at 
Olsen Field. 

. 

competition should prepare the dub 
adequately for its league opener, March 
10 at three-time defending champion 
Azusa Paciflc. Whether they do prevail 
today is not the issue, but rather how 
well they play. Losing to Gnmd Canyon, 
one of the best tearns in the United 
States and performing well does the 
Tritons a lot more good than beating up 
on lowly Cal Tech. Yates knows this all 
too well. as last year, the team entered 
the season unprepared for what was to 
follow an 11-32 season. 
Reading betMen the lines: UC5D's 
probable line up against the Antdopes will be 
the following: David 5tanovich, freshman 
deSignated hitter; Bob Natal, freshman 
righiflClder; John Hickman. junior second 
baseman; Derrick Allwnis,freshman catcher; 
Don Peterson. junior third basemen; John 
Rosness, junior .first basemen; Dan DiMascio. 
freshman leftfidder; Klaudio Biazevich. 
freshman shortstop; Chris 5tavros, freshman 
centerjlelder; Mark 5lqan, sophomore 
nghthandtd ptichtr .. .. Peterson made his 
second position switch of the young season. 
movingjrom leftJitld to third base. But J.lnlike 
before, when the junior was haYing fielding 
probltms at shortstop. prompting Yates to 
make the change to ltft. this time it was third 
basemen Dan DiMascio who was having 
difficulty. In a conlest last wuk. DiMascio 
committed four errors at the hot comer and 
Yates was forced to maltc hIS second roster 
alleralWn. But since the move, both players 
have performed well and it looks for now, as if 
these might be the pmnanent positions jQr 
Pcterstn and DiMascio .... Tim Archer and Tell 
Mendoza both went J-'I in Saturday's 
nightcap of UC5D's sweep of Cal Tech .... 

914 • VW • BMW. AUDI Service 
German Car Specialists 

TEAM OF THE WEEK 

Wish For a 
BODe Offense 
H.w.'" Football 

WISH FOR A BONE OFFENSE CI to r) tott: M ... c D ..... J_ lie ...... 
C ..... Wood. 8ott_: s..-cer"'k, C ...... SII_ood. ...... A...--o' Ro._s..~. ' 

To ~ve a 4-{) record in a game as demanding as Hawaiian is definitely 
somet.htng to ~ proud of. To have a 4-0 record after playing only one 
game IS something else altogether. Forfeits and teams dropping out of the 
league have been somewhat of a factor in Wish For a Bone Offense's bid 
for an undefeated season. According to Jay "We Just Wanna Play" 
Bru~, .however, Wish for a Bone is for real. It may be best to wait until 
t~ey ve played another game to confirm that statement, but the "Bone" 
did manage to win convincingly over Hawaiian What? two Fridays ago _ 
60 to 45. But there is another reason why these guys are T eam-of-the· 
Week. It is a not· too-little-known fact that the' members of the "Bone" 
have a passion for ."games of chance," and this Saturday night Wish For a 
Bone becomes WISh For a Full House or Wish For the Dealer to Bust. 
That's r.ight, it's the 10th Annual Casino Night (sponsored by Campus 
RecreatIon and Yours Truly) and according to two people who should 
know, Marc Dauber and Jay "King of Bone" Richards, it's the social event 
of the year. Se.e you there. 

TEAM OF THE WEEK 
SPONSORED BY THE MILLER BREWING COMPANY 

All work fully guaranteed. Factory- Trained Spedalist 
Monday-Friday 8 am - 5:30 pm • Saturday 8 am - 5 pm 

(619) 454·7823 • 14630 Mission Bay Drive 
(619) 454·3705 11_. (~-5 to Balboa Exit) 
(619) 275·1132 ~ iiiiit. . San Diego, CA. 92109 
* We use and recommend KmdIlll® Lubricants to our customers. * 
----------------------... - "-----------•• -"IiI I UCSD SPECIAL 
4 cyJ Tune-Up $45 
6 cyJ Tune-Up $65 

With This Coupon 
(Not valid with any other coupon) 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

10% OFF 
On All Other Repairs 

(Except Motor & Transmission Overhaul) 
With This Coupon 

(Not valid with any. other CUllpoII) 

Ultimate: No slip of the disc 
By KRISTIN DONNAN 

The Mudsharks, the Sky Monsters, the 
Windjammers, Entropy - these were 
some of the panicipants In the Ultimate 
Frisbee tournament that was held at 
UCSD this past weekend . Twenty one 
teams came to the Wmter Crystal 
Tournament which was sponsored by 
Blacks Beach Ultimate Entropy, a team 
composed of UCSD students. 

Entrants from all over California and 
Arizona competed. but Southern 
California held tough. Two teams from 
Santa Barbara swept the men 's 
competition. and the San Diego 
Windjammers flew undefeated through 
the women's finals. 

What is Ultimate Frisbee? It is a field 
sport played with two teams of seven 
people each. The philosophy combines 
fQO(ball, soccer and basketball as the 
players try to advance the frisbee down 
the field into an end zone. 

The game functions via the honor 
system, as no officials are involved at aU. 

Paul "Ch«tah" Nishi41 provides somt htaI.y D. 

Kate Punnal. captain of Women's 
Entropy, explained that the difference 
be~en Ultimate and other sports is 
that there isn't even a coach. ·Our 
COfChes are players also. By being good 
serious players, they show their teams 
what they want." 

The atmosphere at a frisbee 
tournament is unlike that of any other 
spon. This may be because the game 
was conceived only 16 years ago, 
according to Charlie Schmidt, an 
Entropy member. 

The game has spread from itS New 
Jersey birth place to countries aU over the 
world. Indeed, its popularity has led to 
an annual World Championship held in 
Santa Cruz each summer. 

Various players from the Winter 
Crystal Tournament explained why 
Ultimate is so popular. Michele 
Whitmore, a transplanted cross-country 
star, explained that "the combination of 
everything you do - running, jumping 
and hitting the ground - makes it 
unique in spons. There is both fine and 

29 
6-8:30 pm 
I'IATrING ~ 
fRAMING 
WORKSHOP 

'- ...... HIed DIe ....... .. 
1M II'-.IM .... "-It· 
,......AlDIe .. ", .. ~ ,... ..................... . 
• ,..r .... ~ .... 
...... 1M eudD I' ,.. Nwe 
...., .... ,.., ........... 
$12 sbHIiHb or./Ree.Card 
$16.10 Ree.tard 

~2.0IW" .. "''''-

gross motor coordination ." 
Cristina Castanha said , "A ball is 

predictable. but a disc is never 
predictable and you have to go ail out 
because there 's always a chance you can 
get it. Also, having no referees makes it 
a lot more honest than any other 
sports." 

When asked to identify the 
ingredientS that make a wumament 
successful, as this one was, players 
called out their ideas. Among them were 
good fields , sun. a positive spirit and 
playing against unfamiliar tearns who 
had traveled long distances. • 

Mary Gerk mentioned an integral 
ingredient: "I think it's a self-motivating 
spon that is definitely social. But the 
music is the key - it's the essence of 
Ultimate." 

Comaraderie and healthy attitudes are 
essential to a game that relies so heavily 
on each individual's sportsmanship. 
Chris Wagner quipped the inevitable: 
"This is the ultimate spon and it has the 
ultimate people." Timba d'Urso has handlts tht Ultimate catch. 

THE: GNA €VENT 
Of THE YE:M 
* lill8 Entartalnrr-..nt 
* RefleShments 
* S500 worth at Free Chips 
* Exciting Prizes 
* Gaming TObIeS. 

Bkx:I<jock. Keno. Craps. 
Chuck-o-luck. Roulette • Pole.. 'M1eet at Fortune 

8 pm to Midnight $2 Donation 
Open to UCSD Sludenl1. Faculty. Slat! &. Friends 

r;~.,b;) 
Deportment of PhysIcal EducatlOl1 ,4037 



.-.... 

14 Ftb".ary 23, 1984 • 
SPORTS 

. . ' . 

Volleyball 
continued from page 11 
players 'ror the second game, while 
SDSU made some substitutions. 

evenheless, the Triton players were 
proud of their accomplishment. "It was 
our first win against a Division I team. 
Winning that second game was like 
winning the emire match," said Criswell. 

The third game did not flow as 
smoothly for the Tritons. The offense 
was tense from the rather unexpected, 
yet well-earned win of the previous 
game. The Aztecs immediately exploded 
to a seven point lead. A fine hit by 
MItchell brought the ball back to the 
home team, but they couldn't put it 
away, and SD U continued to increase 

the advantage. With strong 
perfonnances from 6'4H Aztec senior 
middle blocker Pete NolJedorfs. DSU 
assumed a ten point bulge. 

A block by Knights and Cnswell 
finally put UCSD on the scoreboard. 
The Tritons then had to rally 'fot' 
anOlher side out, and MItchell , the 
crowd favorite for the night, tapped the 
ball down for another Triton point. 
Some errors by the visiting team brought 
the UCSD score to four, but by then 
SDSU had the game well in hand . To 
further thwart the Triton comeback, the 
referee was hit in the face by a serve, 
and SDSU got a side out. Despite good 
on-court passing by Henderson , the 
Aztecs gOl the ball back once more and 
cashed in to take a 2-1 game advantage. 

The final game of the match was a 
thriller, with SDSU rallying forcefully for 
the win. State jumped OUt to a 7-0 lead, 

but the Tritons would not easily 
surrender. After a hit by Mike ageJy 
gave the Aztecs a 9-1 lead , UC D came 
back on the strength of a Criswell block, 
two hits by Hum, and a blatant net by 
the Aztecs. UC5D closed to 9-4 and 
didn't stop there. An excellent diving 
save by UCSD's Eric Hallman brought 
UCSD to within two. Hits by Knights 
and Criswell cut the Aztec lead to a 
mere point, at 9-8, and a spectacular 
rally, which ended with another UCSD 
spike, tied the game at nine. 

After twO more challenging rallies, the 
Trirons surprised the Aztecs by pulling 
ahead to an 11-9 lead . But SDSU's 
domination finally surfaced as they won 
the next six poims to take the game lS-
I I and close out the match. Although it 
fell shon in the end , UCSD's remarkable 
comeback showed it could provide 
opposition. 

When JOO're in a tight spot, 
good &iends will help you out. 

When you pulled in two hours ago, you didn't 
have this problem. And with a party just starting, 
the last thing you wanted to do was 
wait around another two hours. 

Neither did the rest of the guys. 
So when they offered to give you 
a lift, that's exactly what they did, 
proving not only that they were 
in good shape, but that they 
were good friends . 

So show them what apprecia-
tion is all about. lonight, let it 
be Lbwenbrau. 

LOwenbriu. Here's to good friends. 
, 1983 Beer a.-d on U S.A. by Mille, Brewing Co . M,lwaullee. WI 

"That's what we'd like to show people 
who come to watch us ," said the 
exuberant Dannevik after the match. 
"We're fun to walch . The players are 
young and will be around for a while." 

Although Dannevik admits that the 
Aztecs didn't playas well as they could 
have, the Triton performance was 
certainly something to be proud of." 

Mike Mitchell , who was-an incredible 
asset for the home team, explained why 
there is no comparison to the last game 
his team played against SDSU. "This was 
the first time we won the big point, and 
because of this, it earned us a game 
against a powerhouse." 

Said benchside rooter Doug Stanley, 
who came to UCSD after declining to 
continue a full scholarship with 
Northern Arizona University as 
quanerback, "The team played very well 
from my vantage po lOt. " 

" ,. 
f' 
iL. 

'tlt) 7·~~r;)~ 
Introductory Special 

. witlt '"u tid only -

12 Haircuts 
.... ..,., for students 

IfJilh selected hairstylists 
rcgularl)' $2l (women). $19 (men) 

Nails 
S"rlpIUI'I',1 N"il .•. Yl'J:. $.JO. 1/11/1' :&25 
Fil/$. I'I'/:. $:!/). 1/(111' $ J 5 
.\I/1uinrn'.<. /'~K $7. 1/11'" $.'5 
1-"""1'111'1'0<. rC!Jl. $ IIi. 110/1' $ J 2 
Julil'l/{' II'mp. n'l(. $14. 110,. , $12 

S95Q '·iII. Ltt )01111 IJr. 
Sn;",122 

Ltt )olltl. Cu. 9203'1 
Oller .,,11.2/29/84 

CIaIIIIIed acMrIIInt epace II IOId In 100 
charact.r Increment.. Each letter, 
punctuallon mc:wIc and epace bett I'" 
wc:wdI"ca.-.1IId a charactIr,'" c:apIIaI 
..... counIIntaa two c:M'qCIIfa. 1M .... 
$1.1., per 100 cttc.ac:IIr. for IIudenII and 
».00 per tOO cttc.ac:IIr. for 1'IOfHIudII'III. 
You mull corne br 1M cIIce or mall In your 
ad, at .. NQU" ~ In advance 01 
CMKIIIcaIIan. DHcIm.: 5 pm ~ for 
thu""l paper; 5 pm FtI_ for Mot.,. 
paper. For more information, call .a2-3466. 
1M ~uardlan, UCIO, 1-016, La Jolla, CA 
92093. 

FOR SALE 
Sob $15; Ice skates. roller skates men's lize 12 
S'1fI/ rx; 4().channel C8. antenna S3O. 450-
9583. (2/23) 
Fold PInto 1960 ElJCC8llent condition. Only 
33.CXXl mll_ New battery and tires. S2650. 
Call Joel. 296-7437. (2/27) 
1974 4kXlor SubClru. lOOks &. runs well. Needs 
mufIIer work. S10001a1far. Call BIll eve. 298-
5702. (2/23) 
Generic Chevy Nova. 1977. Reliable 
Arnerk::al ca. BargaIn oIfaad by teacher. 
Runs fine. 454-2813 eve. (2/23) 
Apple 2p1us computer. 2 atves. RG8 color 
monitor. modem. epson FX100 pllnter. 8 cad 

~ bole, rom card. light pen, IeCWty 
5yItam for printer and apple. interfacel. 
softwarel AIklng S4OO:l. Call Paul 455-9866. 
(2/23) 
Acoustic Baa ArfllIIIIer, Modal 120 Head with 
«l4 Cabinet. Good cond .. or1g ONrter. Call 
Doug. 453-2464. (2/23) 
S1ereo Rec:eMIr: Bang and OIufIen 1900. 
eKCaItent condltionH $260 Call 459-2002. 
(2/23) 
Mcped-Tomos Sullatoutomatlc 2 speed. Only 
6 mQI"Iths old. S350 with aU accestOIteL Call 
453-1524. (2/23) 
Audiophile equipment LUllman PD264 
Turntable. Immaculate, co.t S225 sell 
S175/0b0; Kenwood KT800 AudIo PIJrIst Tuner 
cost S400 pkJs 1811 S2f1J/obo. Call Steve 453-
5692. (2/~) 

Moving baCk to MommYs 1OIe: Teak wall unit 
with Ilght-brldga. wooden deeicI- oneroil-top. 
one not. an unbellellobly beat-up dinette set 
that nonetheIeIs Is a good study table. coIfee 
table with gIasa top. 6' couch. b&.w tv ... 
there's pobably more but I forget. Call 222-
1717 for prices - brutally cheap. (2/23) 
Speakers Ral 300J ElJCC8ltent condition mJst 
sale S 150 cheap. OIns A. IeaI.e meaage 5l» 
4)87. (2/23) 
for Sale. 6'Z' ITI-lin suIfboard. Great Cond. 
$150 call 453-3248 allO for tale a 5'10" M.R. 
Single lin. $100. (2/23) 
Futons 100'l cotton very comfortable. ~ for 
bed and couch. Student discount. Golden 
Moon Futal 274-4574. (2/23) 

LOST a FOUND 

Lost - Woman's gold Bulol.o .....atch. Wed 
around 4;30. If found. please return. 
Sentimental YCI1ue. 453-7707. (2/27) 
Found: A bacIcpack in USB 3020A on 2/ 14 coil 
75&-3721 to 10 ask tor Kevin. (2/27) 
lOST ring In UCSD theatre on 2/10 at play 
Tooth of CrIme. Very Importantl Please call 
277-2367. (2/27) 

PERSONALS 

Pl'egna\t? Choose alternatives to abortion. 
San Diego PIo-LIf8 League Hotline: 583-5433. 
941-1515. (2/23) 
Don't get cau\1lt PIavIng WaGamealthls Fri .• 
8 & 10:30 pm In USB 2722. $1 at bOI< office or 
the door. (2/23) 
Attention PIOQIOITlrTlIng genius and lOdal 
underQlodl: AlMllIe now acoeptlng next 
yea's AA appIlctlons. (2/23) 
To the guys In the ~ /Aigo carner. the 

~ beds I9Y9OI 0111 Stop plavlng with 
your balls and lei UI get a good night's sleep 
for oncel - the girts below you. (2123) 
SeaI1Ie - I IoYe carets tool FaIthfully Bear. 
(2/23) 
Bruce - Ale you going to be a Re¥elle RA? 
Jeff - Golly ~ l-wo1dn·t miss this IharIng 
experlencel (2/23) 
MaIk B you en the moet gagIIOUL IaIY man 
alive. I'm waiting for you at the water 
fountain," lila A. (2/2J) 
Join the UCSD SoarIng Cub, or we'lI pollan 
your dOg cat Nan. 51»-7«>5 to SO\I8 YOJl pet. 
(2/23) 
II.bch Is "PlCl't'bov" month at UCSD theatre. 
(2/23) 

_ SERVICES 

WORD PROCESSING: Speedy service. PIckup 
& deiiller'( on corrp.JS, Catl Ana( at 279-8056. 
(3/15) 
~~~,,:ord processing. cassette Q,aallty 'NOlI< at 19C5OI'lCIbIe 
rates. La Jolla. San<ttt. 459-5818. (2127) 
UNIIIIANrED HAIR REMOVED ~ENTlY 
near campus. La Jolla ProteuIot 101 Center, 
8950 VIlla La Jolla Dr. ~Ite 116O-C Call for 
appt 457...()39. (6/7) 

The 'IthobloIocIV of AthefOICIeroIli 
MlckiM-tli / C ...... V 136 

Spring Qulrter 19M / Thursdays 3-5 pm 
Medical Teaching Facility (MTF), Room 168 

First lecture: April 5 
Instructors: Khoo, Steinberg, Wltztum, Parthasarathy 

This multidisciplinary course Integrates the studies of the 
pathogcnals of atherosclerosis, with emphasis on 
lipoprotein metabolism, and the cdular and biochemical 
mechanisms of laIon development. Topics wiN Include: A 
review of basic cholesterol, lipid and lipoprotein 
metabolism; phospholipid metabolism " the 
prostaglandins; the relationship of coronary heM dtsase 
to genetic hypa1tpoproteJnemia, " possible thcrIpcutlc 
approacha to atherosclerosis. 

I 
Cootac::t: Dr, ](hoo, ~ Science BIdS~ Room 1 ~ 

et ~11.or M..ao to sign up for CC)UfH, 
--.-- _._. __ ..... - . --------------

Term papers - th_ - dluartatlons. Lo.v 
rates, fast servtce. ~Type. 464-6860. La Jolla. 
(6/7) 
Typlngl Wad ProcessIngl RlJsh jobsl Term 
papers, theses. resumes. transcription. 
.Jennifer 274-5005. (6/7) 
Star Words typing at word rxoc:esslng. Student 
paper$. thesis. 95/() BIk. MIn. Rd. ~lte 6578-
«l41. (2/23) 
Tvr:lng - Term papers - tr- - resumes. PB 
area. Carole. 483-9109 daA'evenlngs. (3/1) 
TYPING - $1 per page discount Klnko's 
CopIes La Jolla VIllage Square. 232-9797. 
(3/15) 
TYPING: Fost/Accurote/Reasonable/Disserta-
tions/Term Popen/Theses/Resumes/Edltlng/ 
Rush Jobs/265-7537. (2/27) 
Exceptional typing. all kinds. Super IBMIII. Fast. 
precise. spelling. 5 min. CNIOV. Marlann 450-
1138. (3/15) 
TYPING: IBM RUSH JOBS term papers t~ 
dissertations edltlng~ (eve) 452-5188. 
(6/7) 
TYPINGMORD PROC. - th8lel/Dlss/Popers 
- Exper. all format - ReaIonabIe Rates -
No. County 72~3087. (3/15) 
HIgh quality. fast. accurate typing at $p8Cial 
IOte for students. Same do( 181\11Ce. Call Fery 
452-1393. (2/27) 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 

Wagames - Don't get caug,tI FII .. 2/24 at 8 
& 10:30 pm In USB 2722. $1 at the boll office or 
cDor. (2/23) 
Gain ~ InCcnerPlannlngI8eQpme 
a PAL ( d8eIIonal liaison) for OlaP 
Center. A:IIIIbIe stipend C\lQIIabIe. Mole Info. 
at Hl1058. 452-3750. (2/23) 
Meet new people; hcNe a great time - be a 
ReIIeIIe RA In the doIma Ol optsl RIfenaIs at 
student erT'4JIovment; bring them to Rellelle 
Res. Dean's: Blake Hall. Offer expires 3/23/84. 
CoIl 452-3J25 b mont Into. (2/23) 
So you wont to be a MuIr HA? Appa are rlOW 
CMlIIabie. Deadline Is 3/2. CoIl 452-4200 for 
Info. (3/1) 
I-£YI Shew yaJl stutr at MJR COMEDY NIGHT 
on March 11n theCate. AudItIons Feb. 23. 452-
4200 for Info. (2/23) 
wa~ the movie. this Friday, 8 &. 10:30 
pm In USB 2722. $1 at the bOle omce ald at the 
door. (2/23) 
MHlthe PrcfI. Dr. Deborah ~or, BIoIogv. 
Feb. 27tt\. 7:30 pm at warren PatoIa Hall. 
(2/23) 
OIEAP fATS .... PARIS. Depelldable CUIIW"It 
guide cJ 50 heIcpeI .... dining ~ 
dltlalla cJ crnbIeIlC». ..w.. ~ 
prIceI. pIua. S3. 75 par cop'f. Cobble • MIdde. 
Bac 3521. San DIego CA 92103. ('123) 

11111111111111.1.11.1.11 •• 

FREE 
FACIAL 

Look Your Best 
ALWAYS 

Call Jor complimentary 
Jacial and make-over. 

457-4860 
Groups Welcome! 

•• 111 •• 1 •• 111 1 •• 1.11.1.11 

So you want to be a ~ HA? ACI)I OPe r'IOII 
C\lQIIctIIe. DeadlIne " 2/'2A. Col ~ for 
Info. (2123) 

WANTED 

Deadheads IIIIOnted to trade or buy IIII'e 
b?<>tlegs call Clay 574-0850 evenings. (2/23) 
OVERSEAS J08S ... ~mmer. yr. round. Europe. S. 
1VrtIiM .. Australia. AsIa All fields. S9OO-2CXXl mo. 
SIghtseeing. Free Info. Write UC, PO Blc 52-
CAW Corona Del Mar, CA 92625. (3/8) 
Word-processing person. Catt system. 
Va/able hours, good pay. O1ris 75&-1321 
eves. (2/23) 
Wanted: used ladles bicycle. 19-22" frome. 
reasonably good condition. under 575. Call 
I(aty 453-2154. (2/23) 
Computer accessory company needs 
shipping/general offlce derk help 25 
tYS/weeJI. requires Ute typing and COl. Call 
Lynell at Soo.v Enterprt-. -755-8324. (2/23) 

TRAVEL 

Council IrtJI.teI/OEE provides Inlalflation an 
student charters. ~ Int'I student Ids. 
hostel cords. taurs lor 0QeI18-35. work and 
study PltVCmI. and much mora. Stop by the 
Student Center ar call 452-0630. (6/7) 

HOUSING 

Female Rmmate wanted own room. 
S220/rno. I<ecmy MaIO aea. Carpool C\ICIII. 
Call 569-4993 ~10 pm (2/27) 
Quiet. serious and considerate male 
roommate wonted to shere masterbectoom. 
Woodalds North. across from Ralphs. 
FurnIshed condo with tennis. pool. jacuzzi. 

~ S250 ptus 1/3uttl. Call Mclc453-38:iO. 
(2/23) 
Wanted: lemaIe roommate to st.:Jre room. 
$175 plus 1/4 utilities. Condo near UCSD call 
laurie 45(}()567. (2/2J) 
Wonted: IemaIe roommate to sha8 room 
5200 plus 1/ 3 utilities. Broadliloor candcI an 
GIIrTICI'I Dr. ~15. (2/23) 
S215 0Nn rm. prtyateenl1anoe. rvUCSO, quiet, 
consIdarate ... Iaus. female vegglerxefllrred. 
450-9663 era. (2/27) 
Near UCSD Olamlng 3bdr 2ba houIe. 
Canyon vt6w. Got/wsh/ay. 'h uti. Female 
only. no smoke. 453-6717. (2/23) 

NAVY NUCLEAR 
ENGINEERING 

any better offers? $24,000 
to $54,000 after 6 years, 
If you are 19 to 26 years 
of age majoring in math, 

chemistry, physics or 
engineering and would 

like to learn more about 
this opportunity 

CALL 
COLLECT 
(619) 

293-6746 
Call between the hours of 9 
am to 5 pm, Mon. thru Wed . 



Basketball Briefs from the Budman 
The highest coring team in all of 1M 

Basketball continues to be the Party 
Animals in Men's AA with a whopping 
85.2 points per game average. They've 
twice hit the 9().mark and have also had 
the season's highest output in 1()8.63 win 
over the Half-Time Highlights. 

This week is big game week in many 
leagues with a number of undefeated 
team going head-to-head for the league 
lead. In Men ' M action: #4 Cardiac Kids 
(5-0) take on #9 Life After High School (4-
0) in t he Bobby jones League. #5 Get 
Boards (5-0) meet #10 MSUI (5-0) for the 

.. 

1M Basketball Ratings 
Men's AAA 
1. tring Mu ician (5-1) 
2. Stream Team (4-1) 
3. Triton Pub (3-1) 
4. Drs. Dunk n' Stuff (4-2) 
5. Black Albinos (3-2) 

Men's AA 
1. Still Playin' Great (5-0) 
2. Party Animals (5-0) 
3. Rebels (4-0) 
4. Cardiac Kids (5-0) 
5. Get Boards (5-0) 

Men's A 
1. La Machine (5-0) 
2. Chipmunk Dunk's Revenge (5-0) 
3. Srehsrah (4-0) 
4. Killers for Reagan (4-0) 
5. Swamp (4-0) 

Men's 5·10 
1. Smokeless Buds (5-0) 
2. Still Smokin' (5-0) 

Floor Hockey 
' l. Loui may have the Checkerdome, 

but UC U hockey fanatics have their own 
arena as welt - the Reckerdome. Yes, the 
recreation gym has been host to the 
acllon, thrills , and excitement of floor 
hockey for two consecutive Quarters. It 
may be said that real men play floor 
hockey, showing the devotion to play 
games until 1:15 in the morning (that 's 
right, folks!) Alas , the dreaded plague of 
'andbaggedness has ·truck even this 

sport as teams vie for the coveted 
champions hips. 

As is u ual, t hen! are no sandbaggers in 
Men 's AM action. Four teams are 
·triving for the top spot, led by the grace 
and finesse of Is It a Penalty toCum in the 
Crease and the scrappy hustle of 
Bl itzkrieg. Always dangerou ' Captain 
l)lck and hiS Seamen and Fat Old Men are 
nght behind, ready to pounce. Men 's M 
action ha seen the demise of Risky 
Business· a team many Insiders thought 
might take the AA crown. Risky Business 
i ' 0-3. In the same league, More Puck Me 
In the Ear has shuw n a rejuvenation of 
sorts, curremly J·O. Flying Tigers (l-(}.\) 
and Cunnie Lingul> for All (2-0) arc s trong 
learn!> , bUl wail for ' 11 un My Face off (2-1) 
and the Fear orne Phi-Some (I - I- I) to be 
cuntender~ come playofb. 

Men ' ~ A we' ll Ju~t call the sand bag 
league, a~ Hagger f<uw (2-(}'I), French 
Connection Il (2-0-1) and Huned Again (2-
O-I)could eaSily beAA teams. ' omeufthe 
I.>e>l action could wldl be In the wumen'~ 

Floor H~key Ratin.s 
Men's AAA 
I. h II a PenallY tu Cum In the L.re",,!!! 
l . BIIlzkrieg 
3. Fat Uld M~n 
I. ~cund L.umm" 01 L.apt. Dick 

Men'sAA 
I More Puck ,\1c m the Ear 
l. Connie LlnKU~ for All 
J . What the PULk 
~ Flym" l'ilCer 

(l-U) 
(H)-I) 
(1 · 1·1) 
(l·I) 

(:l·U) 
(l·U) 
(:l·U) 

(1·0-1 ) 

title in the Tom Chambers League. And In 
what could be the game oft he year #1 Still 
Playin ' Great (5-0) and last year's 
defending AA Champions square-off 
against the #3 rated Rebels (4-0). 

Other good match-ups this week have 
the Smokeless Buds (5-0 and the 
Budman's personal favorite) going to the 
boards in Men 's 5-10 action Thursday 
night against "I" Irish (5-0). #2 and 4 in 
Men 's A, Chipmunk Dunk's Revenge(5-0) 
and Killers for Reagan (4-0), battle it 
Sunday afternoon for the Wally Walker 
League title. 

3. Bunta Pishta (5-0) 
4. " I" Irish (5-0) 
5. Little Shits (3- 1) 

CoedAA 
1. Barely Legal (4-0) 
2. On the Rebound (3·1) 
3. Swamp (3-2) 
4. In Your Face Disgrace II (2-2) 
5. Shoot It Up U (2-3) 

Coed A 
1. Cocaine (4-0) 
2. In ' n Out (3-1) 
3. Cataclysmic (3-1) 
4. Frank's Fanatics (4-0) 
5. TBA (3- 1) 

Women 
1. Hookers (4-0) 
2. Essence (3-0) 
3. Dribbling Derelicts (2-2) 
4. Legal but Lethal (2-2) 
5. Radioactive Waste (2-2) 

Duclo fly swal/i"l{ aMllin OM. 
leagues, where perenmal contenders 
Su~tantial Penally for Early Withdraw l 
are uff to a 'lrung 3-1 start. Wumen at 
Work (:i- I), Pucky Charms (I - I - I) and Her 
Peas Il ( )- I· I) a re abu highly regarded. 
One thing the women don ' t need , 
howe\ er, arc I he supprn,ed knuw-It-a ll 
coaches! A::, the sea un moves on, here are 
the ranking!>. See you at the Keckerdome! 

.\fen'", A 
I. Bagger I<ow 
l. French CunntlClion 11 
3. Ice Capoocs 
.t. l<azurlJacks 

Women's 
I. Women at Work (J-I) 
l . Sub~tanllal Penalt y lur brly (3 I) 

Wllhdra'"I 
3. Pud,en:d LIp:. 
4. I<tn ksler~ 

OU DO... IS 
OR YOU! 

Two Super Events on Tap at OCR 
Now that all of our three-day weekends 

are behind us for a while, its time to get 
tack to campus and start celebrating all of 
the good thinas that UCSD has to 
offer .. .like t his weekend. for instance. .. its 
Casino Night time again. This year 
Madame Gina Simone and her highly 
organized cohorts have assembled 
another smash event that promises to 
deliver as always,ln case you've missed a 
Casino Night or two in the past do 
yourself a favor. don't miss this one. 
Simone and Co. have an entertainment 

pack. that won't quit Saturday niabt, 
Casino Night pre-parties, gambling action 
galore in the Main Gymnasium Caaino. 
tremendous prizes indudiniJree tripe to 
Muatlan, San Francisco and Las Vepa, 
and the party to end all parties - the tHaI 
post-Casino Nilht all·nilhter. Casino 
Night at UCSD is one pf this campus' 
time-honored traditions. more non-stop 
fun than you can possibly squeeze into a 

1~-hour period. Don't fOl'l'!t this Saturday 
night. 8 pm to 12 midnight in the Main 
Gym Casino. Gina will be expectini you. 

Super Event #2 • The 9th UCSD Superstan 
AlI.Sports Competition 

If you' re tired of those long three-day 
weekends, Campus Recreation has just 
the answer to your ills. A four4ay 
weekend. Of course. .. why not?! Anyone 
sick and tired of lounging around in the 
sun for three days might best investipte 
the latest in fun and relaxation. And for 
nine years its been just that during 
Superstars week at UCSD. 

For the uninitiated, UCSU Superstars 
is the grand decathlon of all sporting 
events on campus. Individual and team 
competition in every sport imaginable 
including basketball. volleyball, tennis, 
track. bowling, softball, and a host of 
others. Throwini, running. kicking, 

. 

CURRENT UCSD SUPERSTARS RECORDS (MEN) 

60· YARD DASH Rich SC .... ldt 
WEl GHTLI nJ JIG Lee Johnson 
FIELD 6OI\l.S x 5 RosencID Lugo 
SOFTBAlL THIIOW Scott Ie""des 
IIOWlIIIG len Shlll_n 
SO·YARD fREESTYLE TOIl C~ngs 
SOFTBALL HIT • 5 l .. Jollll5on 
BASKETBAlL SIJ'ERSHOT Ign.clo SUn 
VOLLE YlIALl OOl8LES Alnlly TtoOIIIb ly 
TENNIS IX)I.8lES Eric IIIcy 
HIGH Jilt' Steve Losli 
"ILE RI.W Scott KlU_" 

TOTAL POINTS Crllg Kreeger 

CURRENT UCSO SUPERSTARS RECORDS (IOI:N) 
60-YARD DASH Steffnle 810ss 
WE I GHTlI fTl NG Llneil Sereno 
FIELD GOAlS x 5 JoeIy ... 1 
SOfTSAlL THROW Steffni. 810ss 
BOWLING Giy 1 e flllldns 

~ fREESTYLE L Ineil Budlen.n 
l HIT x 5 Connie Plrk.r 

BASKETBAlL 5UPERSHOT Dtb ArcNlIlIINult 
VOlLEYBAlL DOUBLES Wendy "'rri s 
TENNIS DOt.8LES Eve Coli Ins 
HIGH JUMP [liine Bergmln 
MIL[ RUN Chris t inl Tuggle 

Jolnnl Erzinger 

TOTAl POINTS rhine Bergllliln 

hittin& jumpini. and liftilll are just some 
of the things you'll be pushing your body 
through in our challengini four4ay test 
of all-around athletic excellence. 

Sign-ups for this event are currently 
taking place at the Campus Recreation 
office at Canyon View. Come by and pick 
up the Superstars information book that 
includes info on everything t hat you nev .. 
wanted to know about Superstars: list 01 
events, schedules, rules for competition. 
all-time records - you name it. it's in the 
book. Competition starts Thursday, 
March 1. so don't delay. Superstars team .. 
are forming all around you just as y~ 
read this. 

1i . 57 Seconds 1981 
320 Pounds 1978 
152 YIMis 1982 
298 Feet 1980 
216 Pins 1983 
22.6 Seconds 1976 
13S4 Feet 1978 
70 Points 1910 
+39 Points 1976 
+34 Points 197t 
6·2 feet/lnc_s 1983 
4 :41 "In/Seconds 1!112 

6064 Points 1982 

7. SO SecOflds 1977 
150 Ylrds 1.1 
92 YlNlS 1983 
20Z feet 1977 
181 Pins 19t13 
28.1 SecOflds 1977 
668 feet 1977 
491t Points 1983 
+39 Points 1976 
+34 Points 1976 
5·3 feet/Inches 1983 
6 :09 IIIn/Seconds 1978 
6 :09 Min/Seconds 1979 

5637 Points 1981 

UCSD SUPERSTARS INOIVIDUAl ANO TEAH CHN4PIONS 

INOIVIDUAl CHAMPIONS Y[AR TEM4 CHAMPIONS 
Eric Hicy 5144 1976 Goose C .... k Glnders 13,52 1 
[ric Hicy 5465 1977 SdIWlbby Vees 14.149 
Jh. Sem 5613 1978 Schwlbby Yen 13,783 
Gi 1 fWiz 5160 1979 C .... llecs 12,515 
Cnlg Kreeger 5805 1980 IIIf 13,457 
Rick Wilbert 5954 19B1 GruesDftll! foursDftll 13,931 
Crllg Kreeger 6064 1982 The PtwI rolhs 12,959 
Ri ck Wil bert 5976 1983 Two Jocks Ind I 8rl 13.736 





The Magazine 
of the '80s 

,... .... 
A/'IDRN KULtR 

gDcW.e AnI Ell ..... 
JOH" "EE 
...... 

, 

!'lIKE AH". JA" un-
IAlIER. CHIUSTOI'IIER CAftOIL. 
JOAn roRSKRG. ROM HU. ",s. 
HUrtT (Ganlallngl. rAUL ". 
JO"ts. CLYDmE HU 

UItorW ~Z-l4fi6 
~erU."'~Z·"" 

,,;.tIlS is publl5llcd t¥try 
TIIUflUy or tM IChooI JUr IS 1 
suppltmcnt to tilt UUO 
OVAIIMlt IIqIroductloft or .. 
witlloul _ltWn pmIllssion 01..., 
portion 01 tills IftItIIlIIIt Is I 110-
no. Ik ~kOlM uMOlklttcl 
IdttfS. _IIIIKripts Ind artwork. 
but _ nO ~lIty for 
tilt rdurn of sucll . Sud 
Inlonnition to: 

"IAM 
&016. ~ JoI~ 

(I .. 9209l 

",,,1 Ihlt , I ht r.t:t. JKkl 

Contents 
Green On Reel ......... page , 

Dan Stuart of lA's Green On Red 
gives an Insight on the real 
happenings on the psychedelic 
music scene, 

Jazz Unlimited ....... , ,page , 
The highly acclaimed Jazz 

Unlimited Dance Company 
performs this Saturday with an 
Interesting array of modem dance 

BKk.· 
.. e ........ , ... ,page 5 

Bllckstage At The Klroo brings a 
pel"!Onal view of the world of 
classical dance to Into cinema, 

UnfaltlduUy Youn , ......... 6 
Unfaithfully YOUIS often falls In 

Its humor but makes up for its 
downfalls with a few golden 
moments. 

HUIIa K . . . . . ......... page 6 
uro and CWO team up to bring 

UCSD a potpourri of free films this 
Thursday and l'Iiday 

Bob's Book Report page 5 
Assorted Vinyl Report page 7 

Goings On page 7 

They Laughed When I Sat Down 
to Create an Ad 

But When I Won the Competition!· 
A RTHUR had recently truted an ad ror hi. Aclverll.InK )01 tI ... The room rlnl With 
.«olad,.. (or hll ucomplllhmeni I 
declCkd th.t th.1 would be • dram.tlc 
moment for me to make my Moot To 
d. Imazement 0(.11 of my friend • . I 
•• rode confidently over to the tYPIi" ' 
writer and ut down 

"'Jlck I' "r, to hit old trick . ... aome-
body chuck ed The crowd laughed 
n.y Wf'n! III certaan that I ~Idn't 
Cftlt.e I 'In"le lhinl. 

"Can he really cftate"" I heard a Klrt 
W~IH':;'~~~,r~~~,~ Arthur excl'lmed 
·He never treated an ad In all hll life 
pn S,:! ~-;:. ... atch him Thll II 

I ~lClecf to make the most or the 
.du.atlon, With mock d'"nlt~1 took. 

!~dn~I~~e,,:'~.'hin~~e!t It th7:ci 
the platen and roUteS II '" plan T'hen 
II'Oee aNI ad.Iuated the chiliI' and lh",w 
Hck my Im .... inary luMdo tall, 

"What do you Ihink of hi. elh!Cu, 
tlon'" tai led a YOI~e from the- reu 

"We're In fllVOr of It!" came back tlw 
.n. wer, a nd the nowd rocked With 
Iluchter. 

• Then l8&arted 10 C~.1e 
In.tantly I tenM ..... nce f.1I on thre 

lue.u. Tht llupll!r died on t .... " lap" 
II If by mlll~ , I created I copy 
:r:;.:c:h and headline I heard .apell 

...:~:ePtii~:.-r rnend. Nl hreath · 
I wrote on .nd •• I wrote I rorlot the 

pevpIeo around me. I rorpt the hoUr, the 
pllce. the breatMQ. crowd The little 
wGrld ((h'ed In uemJ. to r.de _ 
... meet t.o crow dim - uftreal Only 1M 
crelth,ll) ....... 1' .. 1 Only the concept 
Ind '¥Ialonl It brGU,hl"" VI.tona a 
be .. lIful ,nd .. ch8n''"1{ II lhlt el.,,· 
.ie ad'¥ertliin. of John Capl.1 and 
.ow, .,.,t ..... len 

A Complete 'I'\" .... phl 
A. the la.t worclt RI~ the paper I 

.uttht!d a writer. roup oI'lhe la~t 
lind IlIuatratton The room fnounded 
with •• udd.n roar oI.ppl.ulIf: I (oond 
my.elf aurrounded t)' .Ulled rues 
Hvw m)' rrt." clrned on' Men .hook 
my hInd - wIWI)' contl'ltulat.ed me -

"Whe~ ,hd you lelm"" - "How 
lonl have yOtJ ItudM!d?" - "Who Wd' 
your ll'acher"" 

"Creallnr .dvtrh'lnl II an art o,.,J 
a Il'.ence," replted "WllhJUIl.little 
.If conRdence and lOme atudy on the 
prlntlplea I've diJiCOYered thai 1 have 
t,lem. I'm now read)' to try my hand 
and enter the 1984 CoIIeC' N.w..,.per 
Creative Adverlitin, Competition. 

"Tell UI mo~ about the Com~lI· 
lion ." tMY all demu.:t.d 

"_I Found o..a A_ 
the 1184 Colle~ N_ ... _ 

C",,",,- Advertl.,.., 
Competlt ...... 

And then I « plalned that the CoI-
leRl' Media ~dv'Hr., my ~I~.ae new, · 
peper and OodKt OWIlion ofTbt N .. w 
Ch rYller Corporation ~re &pOnlOrln« 
• Creallve Advertlllln" Com~t lhon 
open to all atudenta on ca mpUI "The 
Co mpetition II rully Iwell :' I 
uclaimed, 

Thrn I toW them the whoN> Mory 
" I .. w an Intere.tm" ttd In thlt clm-

pUI new.p._per," I co nttnued .. It 
IOUnded challl-n,ln. ,· 

.. It', I nation. I (ont.eat Jud,ed bl 
.dvert i.lnl prcKn.ionali Ind practl-
ltoner. I Nflt rortheCompet.lilm KI' 
,nd .ot 1111 the ru'" and p~urt., 
T'ht)' even INnt 1M actuII markfl,n, 
rererenc. on the lubJl!(t product With 
copy point. and obJ.dlves " 

pounded Ine o. t he back In thel' Fallle.nd 'ortUlM A._i .. ~::h:~~h-:I~htr~!.r)'~~· :I:,\':'h You loo, c.n now .nt.r the 1984 Col . 
npld qUHUonl .. a(k ! Why didn't ~e Nt'wlpape:r CNatlW A.il W!rtl.ll n. 
yw t.en u. you could cr .. t.e like tha'"'' Compeot.ltlOft Ent.emtC .t.lHhnll muat 

d~lop one punt ad'¥trt.IMment f.l · 
ulrlnl t~ 1984 IIUhje-ct product - lhe 
,_ ~ Day .... Tllrilo Z. V ... IIIOY 
work a lone or tn learn • . 

The aubmluaftn. will be re"¥iewecl by 
the "allonal Jurl,lnl committee IIHl 
each camp"s winner Will have hi alhtr 
ad appear In t.he 'ponlOri", tel .... 
newspaper 

Firat , Setond .nd Third PI act 
nlt.KWlllwl"nen Will be.aedeci by lhl 
.. me PInel The n.lIonll Iwarda a,.. 

,.'"' Place 

11.000 So:hol ..... ,p 
e MA HSIlwr P'MII" Award TI""'I'1_ 

J500 Scholarship 
e MA "8ron ... Ptl'lcit" Awa.rd 

Send .... AU .... 
C_petltlon I.tara ...... 

The,.. I" no entr), r ..... Pick u, an 
('ntry (orm at thi. part.clpllU,,« ~ . 
1"1. Mw.,.,..r I)rHc •• IW rill aut .... 
entry rerm 1ft(1uct.d In Ihttl ad 

iCMAiil 
'_Coll ... --.... 
CN.,lw Mvertllu., C_pftII_ P.O._'I' Pri_,_oIeroey _ 
IlGlI l'H·_ 

P~IM Hnd me t he Competltton Kit, N._ 
--
'1" 

JnIa. CtJpI"n WnHf' IItf' rhnJi,(' ad''''' ,M'''",,' "TIt'Y IJlulll"rd Wlt ln 1 8G11~'"., tlt ft P,orlU " 

2 II... rdlrully 23, 1984 

Where's tbe Beav? 
TbeBear 

by 1beodore Cleaver, 3rd Grade' 
I would like to be a bear 
gay and happy, free from care 
that's the life, like no other 
climbing trees with my mother. 
'Kfth a little help from 1MIn1. 

The Duck 
by 1beodore Ceaver, 3re1 Grade 

()Ice I wished I was a duclt 
because duck's have lotsa luck. 
They swim in a pool, 
and never have to go to school. 
I once saw one hanging 
in a butcher store, 
and then I didn't want 
to be one no more, 

Great Moments in Poetry #213 

8 SEA SON 
~Idndcll Weiss Center..md UCSD Theatre 

Love's Labour's Lost directed by Eric Chrisrm.ls 
- a fancifu l comedy oj low alld life -

February 16 - 19, 23 - 26, 29 - March 3 
TicJrt1s On Sale Now! 

---WINTER REPERTORY----=:---
Venice Preserved 

7/101I111S Otway's Rl'sltll'£ltwlI tragedy (If pow(/' (/ lid P(/~S"'" 
March 8, 10, 14 and 16 

The Playboy of the Western World 
A'1 II1sl'''ing In,,1i Jolktalc I>y JM. 5)I1Xl' 
March 9, 11, 15 and 17 

Tickets on Sale Februa 201 Call 452-4574 

Extended Wear Lenses $149 wlththllad Hydrocurve II lenl ... Profeilional lervlces extra. 
You con IWeOr Extended Wear Contact Lenses continuoUlly tor ~weeks . 
Woo. ploy and II .. p in these ultr~thln. comfortable lenses and wak.up 

seeing cleor1y with no doily cleaning hassles! 
1,000'1 In Itock • No appointment necellOry 

'Most cases. One hour glosses at Sports Alena. Single vision only. 

Call Dr. Leventhal Mission Valley 692·EYES Dr, Suder Pacific Beach 273-EYES 

The days of wine and 
roses. are soon ahead ••.• 

A bind's Image. be It visual or 
poIltJcaI, Is not always In 
keeping with a bind's iDtaIt 
Ontn on Red's lme. Is to play 
original music tIIIt is not 
limlted to c:luNftcation, or 
8Nft1y a JaOI copy of Its 
Inlluenca. 

rInt I'ormecIln Tuc:aon as the 
Sam In 1979, Qreen on Red 
soon becaIne a .... force In 
the Tuaon scene, having played 
with virtually nay bud that 
had come Uuougb from lA -
altilougb tile lack 01 a reconI 
label or IboYe-ground press was 
cIetrImentaI to tile bind's spirit 
1981 found the band, consisting 
of Dan stuart (guitar/vocals), 
Jack watel'3Oll (bass/vocals). 
Chris Cacavas (keyboards/ 
gultar/Yocals), Alex Macnlc.ol 
(cfruJm), relocated In IA. wbm 
It recorded a 12" U entitled 

(j~n on Red. named after 
Serfer's tune by the same name, 
But It was a full year later, after 
~ bind had again split and 
I'!:formed. that a second studJo 
session led to an evertual 
signing with Steve Wynn's Down 

. ....... ..... If 
released In Octobr.r 1982.. nds 
U beanie a hit irIth c:oUege 
racIIo stations and brought upon 
jJbvler gigging and the 
attention of Slash Records. 
which has released a full IF 
entitled Otauity Ta/Its. · 

Green on Red offers an 
Intriguing contrast to the lA-
based '60s revivalist groups. 
with which It Is lumped togetha-
and labeled LA's "Paisley 
Underground" by the rock press. 
Dan Stuart, the group's 
principal songwriter, told of his 
views on being Dan stuart. 
owning guitars and the tricky 
process of putting the slip on 
Images, revivalism and 
statements. 
IIIM1w What·s it lie being 
lJOu? 
Dan stult: IJdng me? It's 

ptetllJ good. 
II, Wfut do IJOU do? 
$, WItch. lot of tv. drink "ot 
0( beeT, drint , lot of KMlU& 
.. fda, lot of IJJ. wrlte , lot of 
.tOIIfIL, write.' lot of .... 
DIn told me about gulUlL. 
1'I1e hid nllfJllOm.s, 1IoMfta, 
Sllm-llne TeIc', Olekh's. I flO 
through WOftIIff. I man... I flO 
through gu'''''' lie JIOU'd flO 
through mulaH I think , 
gulIIr & something IJOU UIOI1t 
with. It'! lite COUJbog' ,., 
.ut IIGtxs 
II, I, thlt how It & for JIOU'I 
St Well, with gultil'S. 1JUh. 
With guitlm I don·t become 
IItllched tD thmI IIftlJmfft. 
beClU!e they'De ""/p bumed 
me. So I try not to get 
Mlotio,..' Ibout it - they 
IIlWlJP get !tolen, 
II: ...... t about a sutement? 
5, I'm not trying to do 
IIftlJthing - I'm liulng, 
II: I mean In terms of a visuM 
I".. po&tIbIy. 
5, Well I like pte"" gultl""lf 
thIIt's what p're saJilng. 

The ~t got to trends. 
especfall, tile "'al.II, 
Undr:IgIound:' 
$, YknoID,. mOlt o{the original 
_lids that get CIIIed "P", 
UndelJlfOUnd" tfdn't do MIl of 
thIIt Thill's been lite" with the 
mod mOflelftent In LA. and it 
aly disgusts me. I mtM 
thOJle kids Me alright and 
they'~just having a good time. 
but the whole fashion 
statement - the way that/frst 
blind loolced. just lie the 
Chestetffeld kings. I'm not 
cutting anything down. but 
lI'know - weIIrlng paisley and 
pointed shoes - now the~'s 
gon". be boutiques {or it 
That's disgusting, I UJeIIrwlut I 
we up In in the morning if I 
haue something clean, Smells 
ole. I put it on, But I can't 
believe it - and I won't 

pIeae an to page 4 

UCSD Events Office presents 

February 23, Thursday, 8:00 p.m, 
Mandeville Auditorium, Free! 

Passes at UCSD Box Office: 452-4559 

Le Hot Jazz Unlimited 
., nlLMu.on 

SIll Diego's own Jazz 
Unlimited will be popping, 
locIdng and breaking at 
UCSD Saturday In the 
Mandeville Auditorium. 

The troupe will be 
shattering an old jazz dana: 
mold with Its premiere 
number "Break It Up:' which 
takes the popular styles of 
street dance and puts them 
onto the stage, 

Students will be able to 
recognize Pab1cla Rincon, 
UCSD jazz dance Instructor 
and company director, who 
wUl be perbmlng in several 
dance numbers. 

The energetic rhythm and 
moves ~ "Break It Up" blaze 

T 
G 
I 
F 

THE 
HUMP 

a new path In tbejazz dancing 
world. This Is the ftrst time 
street dancing has been 
taken seriously In the art of 
dancing. "Street dancing has 
been around since the early 
'70s, but It's Just gaining 
popularity because of t11ms 
like "ashdance", · said 
choreographer fdward 
filison. Accompanying this 
number will be six other 
works. all true to form. 

"Crime on the Streets" Is a 
slick number that hints at the 
Mickey Spillane era, 
OIoreographer Scott Benson. 
who Is also dancing In the 
piece, has succeeded In 
brlngjng the cool grey hats 
and the plnstrlped suits to 

sponsored 
by 

life. 
The other five numbers 

Include: "tats," a rambunc-
tious spinoff of the popular 
Broadway musical; "The 
Path:· which Is Pat Rincon's 
pride and joy; "Rock Star 
Ballet." a quick paced 
collage of rock and roll 
songs: ''Three on the Wind," a 
progressive dance Imagery to 
a hard-rock musical 
background; and ftnally with 
"Strength through Love:' a 
dance dJama to the tunes of 
Chuck Mangione, 

The show starts at 8 pm. 
and tickets are available at 
the UCSD Box Office. for 
further Information call 452-
4559, 

T 
G 
I 
F 

4PM 
ASUCSD and 6. ~ ~ 

february 23, 1984 IfUtu .1 

, 



• knowledgeable salespeople 
• all Great Earth products 

are laboratory tested 
• satisfaction guaranteed 

corner of Pt!arl & Girard 
La Jolla 

459·2977 
Open 7 Jays 

VB Rockinl 
A sold-out gym 

.. was treated to an 
outstanding show 
Monday night by 

U840. 
photos: Rich Pecjak 

\" ..... rIo this 
coupon you are 

entitled to $1 off any 
product Great Earth carries 
(except sale merchandise). 
Offer good through 3-15-84. 

~ New Location! in thl! Ralph 's/ Sav-On Cl!ml!r (n"" Sav.()n) 452·9775 
Op.", 7 Jays 

Do it in Comfort! 

With earphones to listen to your favorite music, 
nitrous oxide to relax, and a 10% discount with your 
UCSD I.D. carel. University Towne Dental Group will 

help brighten your smile Ior the new year in coffitort. 

UD1verstty Towne Dental Group 
University Towne Centre 
4525 La Jolla Village Dr, 

453-2070 
4 niatw february 23, J 984 

COII"_ rro. page l 
mention the bands gou know 
who they are - gou know the 
certain band.s in that group 
(Paisley Underground) that 
calB right to the sUttles shit 
But I don't think lauing TrIIns 
catos to that shit I don·t think 
Dteam Syndicate catetS tD that 
shit I mean they cater to it as 
much as "yah. It uLsu"lnd "I 
1m I child of the sUttles: I was 
brought up in that time. 00 But 
IS far &S musically, being I 
direct thing, there lte I couple 
of bands that do that Ind they 
do wear the fashion shit.., the 
bands that show up with more 
hangers than gultan. Yeah. it 
sickens me now that we'te 
Included In that It u.s«I to not 
bother me. becau.se I liked all 
the bands but now It's just 
'*" OPeItNown. We were In 
I'DttIantL IIId there was I band 
just like the Cltuteljleld trmgs 
opening up. Dru.sed up, and 
hIlf their songs .. re either 
Seeds or Chocolate Watchband 
N. and IJOU just go godtIImn. 

That's whll we IUIly go out 
of our way just tD be 
comfortlble Ind wear 
wha.taler - becaux now I 
don't see anybody here 
standing up tor the common 
man In rock and 1011- outside 
of John Cougar (laughter). 
Steve Wynn (01 Drelm 
Syndicate) IIWII/p calls me 
John Cougar, you can put that 
down. And I think he means 
that In I really nice way. 

As the internew wolDld down, 
the dJalog revealed the band 
members' feelings Ibout Oreal 
011 RtId's identity. 
II: no"'MIout "GIMI on R«IIs 

the tlnd 01 bind... " 
s: rIYt would come to lJOur 
IIouM IIId pIlnt It 
JIlek "" .. 111 I pulled an 
engine out 011 car todag. 
51 Really ... we gotta get back 
on the roM ... 
." I gotta tesort to IUto 
mechanics. .. 
Nt now about people who try 
to ci&Ufy Glflen on Red? 
SI now would gou classify 
UtUe feat? There's I lot 01 
bands that kind of slip through 
the cl'IICb - I wanna be one 01 
tho"e blllds that slip through 
the cl'IIClcs. that go under I lot 
01 labels. We can do that It·s 
possible. Wee the Band. they 
did it It ta/ce.s longer. though. il 
gou don 't Wlnt to be p«kaged. 
NI So p«Jple will go to S« 
Gleen on Red Ind they'll just 
Wlnt to hear gou and see lJOu 
play. 
51 And hopefully they'll get to 
know us I little IN'ttI!r as 
Indiulduals. and /mow that our 
shows clwlge etlery time. See. 
people who like enigmas 
people who Ire enlgnw and 
lllke non-deflruble things -
people who like the movie 
&dlands. .. 
N: Where does "Oreen on R«f' 
come from? Is It just IlWfIe? 
SI It's just I name. But It 
means a lot. 
n: WIYt 80ut the new record? 
(not as get teleaed. stili In the 
tnaldng) 
5: This reconI (Oravlty Talks) Is 
the b&semenL The biuement's 
kind of cIlTtg ... thI.s Uting's my 
lI,ing moM. .4 IMtIuoom, /I 
kitchen. I den... uch aong's 
going to tepraent I dl/fetent 
IUOm of the hou.se. 

Muir College 
House Advisor Positions 

1984-85 
Applications are available 3t the Muir Residence Halls Office with a 
job referral (job #4226) from Student Employment. Students from aU 

colleges are eligible. 

Applicatioll Deadline is Friday. March 2. 
ean 452-4200 for additional infonnation. 

GABRIELI 
STRING QUARTET 
M OZART. QUARTET IN D MAJOR. K.-+99 

J ANA EK. QUARTET No 2 ("INTIMATE PAGES") 
S CHUBERT: QUARTET IN G MAJOR. OPUS 161 

THE GABRI Ell iS one 01 England·s most renowned qUdriets. 
They .ire currently resident qUdriet .It Essex University where 
the)' hdvc eSlJblished .l series of concerts Jnd .I chamber 
musIc course which JlIrJCt Sludents from .III over the world. 
"An f'f'd'h'W "nd rapt !ynus/II I haw" ·, hfarJ ~qualltd.'· 

March 3, Saturday, 8 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 

UC5D 51. 55.50, GA 512.00 

High Fiddlry 

Rare look 
at Russian 
ballet in film 

By !'DIM rt:I:RST 
While the TU.shdance fad in 

1984 continues In IUms Uke 
footloose, a less dreamy 
exploitation of dance and the 
dancer can be found In the 
recently released documentary, 
IJIIclcstage at . the KiIOD. In 
attempting an Incisive look at 
the behind the scenes workings 
of this renowned, 200-year-old 
company during six weeks of 
rehearsal for Swan Lake, BrItish 
wrlter/dJJutor Derek Hart hu 
crated what amounts to little 
more than a good PBS 
documallary. 

The ftlm's babnent of this 
undeniably formidable RussIan 
compaay sulers, due to the fact 
that Hart Is bound to a 
traditional framework - he 
falters from too much respect 
for the ~t matter. In 
documenting rebearsals for 
swan Lake, the fUm Is forced to 
examine a ballet clusic - a 
ctusle that was In rac:t created 
on the KIrov stage In the 19th 
century. The messages here are 
r.m .... and redundlnt: dance Is 
dlmcult: Swan Lake Is a 
beautiful ballet: dancas MlI'k 
very hard. 

The nlm succeeds most when 
It shifts gem and starts looking 
at the danc:ers In this mm as 
people. One of Its more 
humorous moments occurs 
when the star ballerlnl talks of a 
young mID who made a pass at 
her In a market Other Iootage 
succeeds sImply by locating the 
nlm In tinle and spICe. We are 

mkenomof~landl~ 
the Soviet Union In 198.5. Hue It 

should be noted that the nlmlng 
of lJaclrstage It the Kirou was an 
UDprecedented event. It was the 
lint time Western camera crews 
were ever allowed behind the 
scenes of the KIrov. 

Thl5 transcendence of 
International and political 
boundaries that made the film 
possible is all but completely 
Ignored. CertaInly. the inYasKJn 
of westan camera cmn onto 
the stage of this Russian 
institution would disturb the 
workings of the company 

bureauaatically~. as well as 

disturb the normal functioning 
of Its rehearals. How do camera 
crews arfect a rigorous. 
disciplined ballet rehemal? 
How do Westall camera crews 
get Into the Sovtet Union In this 
day and age? Besides ftn<Iing a 
bard-wortdng. excellent ballet 
com.-ny. what Is It about 
RussIa that mikes this company 
dlffeRnt? 1bese questiOM are 
neitba IdcIft:Bd 'nor raised. 
Ultimately, the film 15 
completdy promotional -- an 
undaunted praise of the Kirov 
Ballet 

Bob's Book Report 

'Ritual Nurder': 
Death at discount 

By ROBERT UCJ'f! 
S.T. Haymon's Ritual Munier. ty In the best police procedural 

considered by many to be one of style, even If tilt reader Is never 
the better novels in the 1982 tokl explicitly what was the 
mystery crop. has corne to the cause of death until the real 
more affordable paperback murderer Is caught. Red 
formal Despite my dislike of herrings are plentiful and 
the author's previous offering thicken towards the end of the 
(IJuth Ind the Pregnant Virgin. book. 
which had the cops acting like The investigation Into the 
Irresponsible Juveniles and choirboy's aIIIIrs Is eapedaJly 
disregarding theories left and interesting, as Haymon does for 
right as It suited their drug pushing what WlIJJam 
convenience), I bought a $2 . .50 Marshall did for destroying 
copy of Ritual Murder, and airliners in Thin Air. 
found the book a fairly well- The ftnest parts of the book 
written novel with adequate are those that appear specially 
characterization. polished, as when a police 

The plot Is daslcally simple. col'L1table corrects the bird 
fight hundred and forty years Identlftcatlon of his superior. or 
ago, the cathedral town of when the cholrrna!ter Is gratduJ 
AngJeby was the scene of a that someone tried to blackma.ll 
grisly child murder, which was him, as it Informed him of the 
blamed upon the town's Jewish construction that others would 
population. Then. in the present put on his attraction to young 
day. another chikl (a choirboy) boys. 
Is found dead and mutilated. If there Is a walt to this book, 
right smack on top orthe shrine it Is the COftf. which has no 
to Uttle Sl U1f. as the previous relation to what happens In the 
victim Is now called. The local book. Once again. shockfng 
neo-I'tazls see the event as a call cover art has won ewer accuracy, 
to start up a new pogrom. which Abo, the proo(readJng was 
gJves the pOlice the double spotty. 
burden of tIytng to control the P.s. '!bose who wish to give to 
rascl5t elements of the the UCSD libraries should know 
populace and tIytng to solve the that. beta .. of space and 
murder. personnel considerations, the 

Fortunately, there is no gifts operation at Central 
mystical seatdI for an unknown Ubmy has beaI cut back. Gilts 
medieval hmor. but rather a from faculty are stDI being 
nicely balanced search for accepted, but call tint for 
motive. weapon and opportunl- details. 

Swing into r-'SOFT CONTACT LENSES-' 
the 

Comic 
Gallery 

* New Comla: ArrIve weekly by air ,,~ 
* CoIIectof"s ComIa: Golden At- to Praent 
* Comic a F~ Art 
* Comic COftHMIIIon: Mylar Snugs, Mylil.s, 

AcicUf .... a 
* ()pen 7 Days 
* ,.".,. Fr •• 'arlcint 

FANTASY GAMES---.. 
Oungeom & Drogon~ • Champions 

VlIIOIns & Vi91Ionte ~· . froveller 
Star Trek • Star Fleet 
Allnequest & Others 

r-------·------···--------~.-, 
: chiS coupon IS valid for : 
• • 

: 100 COMIC lAGS : 
: FREE With any purchase of : 
• • 
: New Comics over S 1 2 00 : 
: EIcpi'e ~&&4. : 
• • 

--MlNIATUMS-'"""""\ 
Rei Portho • Citadel 
SuperIOr • Phoena 

Custom-made Figures 
POinted & Unpolllted 

------------------------------------, Ch.s coupon .5 valid for : 
• 10% OFF ! 

che purchase of any Gomes or MII110Cures : 
• ('3.00 minimum) : 

Expns 3-&&4. : 
1M Comic Gallery : L __ ~~~'.~~~ __ j 

._---------------------------_._._--_.! 
The Comic Gallery 

4224 DoIboo Ave., San DIego. CA. 92117 
(corner of Balboa 6 CIaIremont Or,) 

- Next to Food Oc::IsMt -(619) .a3-.a53 

I I 
I '89 Daily Wtar Soft .'59 Extendtd Wear Soft I I Comp/ttt.. C~1ett • 
: reg. 5169 & up 1°2 - T ~I reg. 5300 & up lBausch & Lomb) : 
I Complete Includes: E}'e Exam. Fitting. Follow-up VIsits, Cart-f(it I 
: Ifw.',.. nee IN..,.., .. III who lsI Oft'wr good wIIh CDUpDn through 3/15 ...... : 

I Dr. Slawn CiraaIun 0pIDme1ry 411-2277 I 
I 243 No. Hwy. 101 (~ Boardwalkl OPEN I 
I Suite 8. Solana Stach Monday-Friciay, 11-6 I ~----------------------------_____ J 

Committee for World Democracy & UCSD Events OffIce . 
present 

An Area Premiere! 

February 24, Friday, 8:00 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium, Freel 

L..--_ Passes at UCSD Box OffIce: 452-4559_-J 
february D. 1984 nlatu 5 



( 

A couple of 
free f1icks 
for UCSD 

By KOKIlT ~0ftE 
'I1loIe C'A )'Ou who were at 

uW's two-buck-a-eeat !bowing 
of the Oennan movie DU #loot 
may Mil rememba' that the 
c11mu was missing. tonight 
UW b shcMtng the film again, . 
In MIncIeYIlk Auditorium, at no 
c.barge. lbat·s right. to see the 
Academy AwanI winner (best 
l'cftlgn language 81m) will not 
mst you one red cent. even If 
the tickets are labeled $1.~. 

Too many stars spoU 'Unfaithfully' 

Du loot It the !tory of the 
cmr C'A Qaman U-boat during 
WW II. rumecl with claustra-
pllobIc, If not morbid, realism. 
11Ie ¥aSlon that UW will show 
Is the subtitled edition, so 
German students who wish to 
gauge their trInsIation skills 
IUId chuckle over deaned up 
euphemisms. 

By ROGER snmmsor. 
There Is a challenge to 

outfttting one's film with stars. 
Star presence must be 
disciplined In order for It to 
work with the film 's 
development Some get great 
results. Nicolas Roeg manages 
to use David Bowie. occupation: 
rock star. for. not against. The 
Man Who fell to tarth . When 
star quality is not kept In check, 
however, the fUm as something 
other than star vehicle goes out 
the window. this brings us to 
Unfaithfully Yours. and Its 
merry band of stars, Dudley 
Moore , Nastassja KlnskL 

6 ffiiltus february n. 1984 

Armand Assank and Albert 
Brooks. 

The problem here Is the 
pursuit of comedy with a divide 
and counquer scheme. The 
director. Howard lleff. 
constantly cuts up situations In 
the film by focusing too much 
attention on individual actors. 
He puts the actor between the 
camera and the action. Or he 
places the object of the actor's 
attention In some Incon-
spicuous place on the screen. 
Or. more slgnlftcantly. he keeps 
his stars on screen by 
themselves. as If. In this story 
concerning a love triangle. 

Indlvtduals haft no relationship 
with one another. 

Someone mu. ha~ felt that 
the fllm's situations. 
consequences of the lead actor's 
jealousy concerning his young. 
beautiful wife. had some value. 
What has been produced here 
scarcely reflects such. The result 
of the divide and conquer 
scheme Is to leave any scene 
with Moore. Klnsld. Brooks or 
Assante pulled out of shape by 
the dlrector·s acquiescence to 
the star presence. 

The film's comedy Is hardest 
hit by the Iltrategy. The premise 
Is continually kept fi'om being 

funny. So not until the comedy 
can work within the star IIIO¥eS 
does tile ftlm get funny. This 
doesn·t happen until the dlmu, 
when Moore tries with a 
remarbble lack of success to 
IdJI his wife, Kloskl. Here, 
situations revolve around the 
single actor. like Moore trying 
to pulverize tranquilizers with a 
can of Coke and coughing to 
cover the sound. SUddenly 
situations work with. not 
against. Moore's physical 
comedy. And It Is pretty funny. 

The premise, when con-
sidered alone. does seem like It 
belongs on the late show, 

11Ie second _ 81m Is"..,., 
If, Costa-OIms·. latest dfort. 
11Ie man who created MWing 
for the SCftD DOW brings us Jill Cia,.,. u an Israeil lawyer 
defending a PaIest1nlan ace .. 
of krrorism In an israeli court. 
This 11m Is being brought to 
campus by the University ~nts 
Oftk:e. which managed to get 
the MandeYllle Auditorium for 
the showing. and the Committee 
for World Democracy. which got 
the 81m. 

The San Diego premiere of 
"MIIY K will begin at 8 pm on 
rrtday. 1bere will be only two 
showings. 

D 
OPENING SALE! 
p------------------------------~ I With this coupon Ihru 2-29.... I 
I I 
I Sells Our hg. NOW I 
I EI..... Low Price I 
I Ray Ban Wayfarers $40-S45 $33.50 $24.99 I 
I 4 colors, 2 sizes I 
I I 
: Carrera Men's or Women's $40-S45 $34-$36 $29.99: 
I 3 styles, 4 colors, polarized I 
I or gradient lens I 

: Look·A1lke SIyIel: 55-$8 52.99-54,99 $1.99 : 
I Copies of Phonet. Wayfarer, I 
I Ski Glasses, Fold Ups, Davo, I 
I etc., etc. I 
I Vuamet T-Shirt. HALF PRlCE .. Jong sleeve & short sleeve I 
._------------------------______ 1 

We GUARANTEE we have the lowest sunglass prices of 
any store In San Diego or we'll pay the dlfferencel 

Vuarnet • Ray ac:in • Carrera. SUneloud 
Bolle. Bucci. Hoble • Etc., etc. 

Sunglasses $2 .Q<f to $149.99 

PtUi14: ElfU t 71. 
Our New Location 

1030G Torrey Pines Rd. 
(by the Yogurt Affair) 

Our Lumberyard Store 
Also Celebrates 

745 1 st Street 
Encinitas / 942-0337 La Jolla / 454-8006 (formerly Expressions Unlimited) 

Open 7 days 

Atomlcafe, UCSO's conkm-
poary music forum, will present 
a concert of varied repertory 
rrklay. february 28 at 8 pm In 
Mandeville Recital Hall. 

John felder's lmergence for 
percussion solo eJplores the 
creatJon of percussion sounds 
by artificial or unusual 
techniques and couples this 
with visual motifs derived from 
the choreographed movements 
of the pla)'er. 

Trebol by Paul Davies 
~ntsa "continuous gesture" 
reminiscent of Bach's prelude to 
the C I'llnor I'Ugue. The music Is 
built of synunetrIcaI nauraticm 
derived from a single lour note 
cell and creates an Intricate and 
rudnatlng sound .t 

Igor Komeltcbouk's tape 
composition IfonuIgt to I'IIf1t 
Rothko Is. u the title suggests, 
a trlbuk to the lak American 

abstract expressionist painter. 
Second Ingression for Solo 

TubI was wrltkn by steven 
Knopoff and dedicated to Tanya 
Rust, who will perform the work. 

John steven's work for guitar, 
V,tUtions on , Theme by John 
c.. explores the world of 
guTtar, performance and John 
cage, providing Interesting 
commentary on all three. The 
pieces will be performed by the 
composer. 

Admission Is free. for 
Information, call 452-.5229. 

••• 

The Mandeville Art OaIlery, 
UC San Diego. will open the fll'!t 
large-scale e1hlbltlon of 
l.etterIst work ever to be offered 
In the United states with a 
reception on I'l1daY, Marth 9, 
rrom 6 to 8 pm. This uhlbltion 
was organized by the University 
of Iowa Museum of Art. It will be 
on Ylew from PIarch 10 through 
April 15. Gallery hours are noon 
to 5 pm, Tuesday through 
Sunday. 

In coqjunctlon with the 
exhibition, a panel discussion 

Assorted Vinyl Report 
Top rive Sales 
1. Sparkle In the Rain Simple I'IInds A«" 
2. Touch EurytJamks lI:A 
3. laming to oawl I'reteaden Sire 
4. Soul Mining THE THE CBS 
5. Jlplnue Whispers 1be Cun A«M 
"- ReIeues 
1. Dec,.1IIion 'I1Ie Alana IRS 
2. III1t1na$ ........ Oelfen 
3. 1Ir. neattbruJc lamte Aaclasoa warner 
4. PIIttingN. ..... DaItfty Meo 
5. Ricochet o.gs JIIodenI f.ngIhII SIre 

on Letterlsme. a post-Second 
World War avant-garde 
movement focusing on the arts 
of the letter as sound form and 
as visual farm, will be held at 4 
pm Thunday, March 8, In room 
106, Mandeville Center. Dr. 
stephen foskr, curator of the 
exhibition, will be at the 
university to partlclpak In the 
panel moduated by Professor 
Dayld Antln. 

During the reception on 
March 9, there will be a film 
screening of Un SOIr au One,", 
In room 103, acUacent to the 
gallery. Immedlakly following 
the reception. J~Paul Curtay 
wID read LetterIst poetry. 

1bere Is no admission charge 
for the exhibition or special 
events. A comprehensive 
catalog will accompany the 
elhlblt 

rree parking Is available on 
weekends.. for additional 
Information. call 452-2864. 

• •• 

The fourth TOlf of the quarter 
Is at 4 pm tomorrow. PICA 
recording artists Joey HarrIs 
and the Speedsters will prcwlcle 
loud music. and the AS will 
proYlde libations for those who . 
are 21 or over or have false 10. 
BrIng )'Our best clothes and 
slam with your best glrl"H 

• • • 

Ufe aboard a submarine Is 
depicted In the German 81m Da5 
Boot. Da.s Boot screens tonight 
at 8 pm In Mandeville 
Auditorium. Tickets are free and 
are available from the uro Box 
Oft1ce. 

• • • 

Angela DaYls will speak In 
MandeYllle Auditorium SUnday 
at 7:30 pm. Admission Is three 
dollars. 

• • • 

-SOON. 
Look/or 
~MOVIE 

\ 1 \ (. \ I I ~ I 

in an 
upco11!-ing 

issue 
of your 
college 

news-
paper. 

T MISS IT! 

....., I.IIck .t VCSD. The dice will roll and the canis willlly as 
UCSD hosts the Tenth Ann ... CUlno rute Saturday at 8 pm hi 
the Gym. Prizes.lnclucllng trtps and cUnners. wUl be rained off 
at the end of the eftnlng. Poker. crape, blaclQack. roulette. 
wheel of fortune and (:huck-a-Iuck will be playa!. Two dollars 
will get you In to the social e~nt of the season. Everyone Is 
welcome. 

l.aJTy levis will give a poetry 
reading Wednesday In the 
Reftlle formal lDunge at 400 
pm. 

The UCSD Drama Depart-
ment·s production of LorJe's 
Labours Lost continues through 
Martb 3 at the Mandell Weiss 
Center for the Performing Arts. 
Shows are at 8 pm ucept for 
Sundays at 7 pm. 

• •• 
Pete Townsend's baby brother 

Simon will play at the Rodeo 
Sunday. february 26. Tickets are 
available at the Rodeo Box 
Oft1ce and all Teleseat outlets. 
for more Information, call 483-
6.539. 

Tickets are avaltable at the 
uro Box OIfIce and all Ticketron 
outlets. for more Information, 
call 452-4574. 

• • • 
• • • 
U~ {rom Uncoln Center on 

KPBS Channel 15 this 
Wednesday will feature flutist 
James Galway performing 
Mozart·s Concerto in C tor nute 
and "lip. the overture from 1M 

~rriIJge of ngllO. Joaquin 
RodrIgo's l'antula 1M'" un 
Cientllhomble and other pieces. 
Zubln Mehta will conduct 

May 18, 1984 Is the deadline 
for submissions to this year's 
Samuel Golelwyn writing Award. 
All entries should be original 
screenplays for either 81m or 
television. for complete rules 
for the contest write to: the 
Dean of the College of riDe Arts, 
UClA A265 Murphy Hall, Los 
Angeles. CA 90024. 

Business and 
Technical Majors 
Highly responsible positions 
for college seniors and 
graduates (through age 34) in 
financial and logistic support. 
The Navy Supply Corps needs 
highly qualified, dynamic 
individuals to lead and 
manage large inventory and 
financial networks. Salary 
$18,500 to start, $34.000 after 
4 years. Excelfent benefits 
package. Need BAlBS, U.S. 
citizenship. Call Naval 
Management Programs, 293· 
6746.8 am . 4 pm, Monday 
through Wednesday. 

National Student Travel Bureau 
of the U.SA 

452-0630 
Council Travel 

UCSO Student Center 
8-023 La Jolla. ca. 92093 

february 2l. 1984 II,."", 7 



WANTED 
Warren College 

Resident Advlson 
for 1984-85 
What You Need: 

Commitment 
Energy 

Enthusiasm 
Time 

How to Apply:---------
I) Get a job referral slip from Student 

Employment, 204 Administrative Complex. 

2) Pick up an application packet from the Warren 
College Resident Dean's Office, 701 Warren 
Campus. 

3) Attend one of the MANDATORY 
INFORMATION SESSIONS: 

a) Monday, Feb. 27, 7 pm; or 
b) Thursday, March I, 7 pm; or 
c) Monday, March 5, 7 pm. 

All these sessions are in the Warren Apartment 
Recreation Center. 

APPUCATION DEADUNE 
Friday, March 9, 1984 at 4:30 pm 

)ATURDAY. F€DRUARY 25 
8 PM MAIN GYM 

8 n~t"5 february 23. 1984 

f' 

' ........ . 

ATTENTION! 
Present and Potential 
La", & Society Minors 
Law and Society is an interdisciplinary minor. 

In it you examine the role of the legal system and 
specific legal issues from the perspectives of 
political science, history and philosophy. You can 
then apply the theory in a legal or governmental 
internship through the Academic Internship 
Program. 

"Introduction 
to Law at Society" 

(a required course) 
will be offered 
SPRING 1984 

by Dr. Peter Irons 

"Contemporary 
Legalle.uee" 

(required concluding 
course) 

will be offered 
SPRING 1985 

by Dr. Peter Irons 
. & Special Guest 

Lecturers 

For more information contact the 
ACADEMIC INTERNSHIP PROGRAM 

at 406 Warren Campus 
(across from the bookstore) 
or your academic advisor. 

CORDII1LLY 
IN\lIT€D 

TO 

.. -

THE: GNA €IIENT 
Of THE V€~R 
* Live Entertainment 
* Refreshments 
* $5()() worth of Free Chips 
* Exciting Prizes 
* Gaming Tables: 

Blackjack. Keno, Craps. 
Chuck-a-luck. Roulette, 
Poker. Wheel of Fortune 

8 pm to Midnight $2 Donation 
Open to UCSD Students Faculty Stoff, and Friends 

rWELCOME-, 
/ tJ917UL1er~ OfT 
Department of Physical Education x4037 _£ ........ 


