
" 

l 
} 

See story, page 13. 



2 M<I)' 10, 1 q8~ 

The Bulemia Anorexia Self-Help 
Organization will be holding a meeting 
this Saturday that is open !O the pubhc 
and will feature a videotape presentation 
entitled "Anorexia and Bulemia through 
the Ages and States of Medi mc Until 
Today," A non-profit organization, BASH 
meets the second aturday morning of 
each month at the Presbyterian Church 
on ThIrd and Date Streets 10 San Diego, 
[0 help the vIctims of eating disorders, 
their fa milies and friends. The VIdeotape 
will be shown at the church on 
Saturday, Ma), 12, from 9 am !O noon. 
For more information, call 232-1182. 

o 
The Women's International League 

for peace and freedom has released the 
results of its nationwide Women's Poll 
Project, which involved a cross-section 
of over 2,000 women on a variety of 
current issues. Of those polled , 75% 
believe that the US should introduce a 
bilateral , verifiable nuclear weapons 
freeze during negotiations with the 
Soviet Union, 62.29% believed that the 
US should decrease its military 
involvement m Central America and 
61.29% saId they would be more likely 
!O vote against a candidate who wasn't 
supportive of the Equal RIghts 
Amendment. The purpose of the project 
was !O encourage women's participation 
m pohticS 

o 
Registtation for Summer Sessions at 

San Diego State University is now open , 
with ove r 500 summer courses !O be 
offered . The fee is $65 per unit of 
credit. 0 out-of-state tuinon IS charged, 
and no transcript or admission 
procedures are necessary. Two-day !O 
nine-week courses are offered in three 
major summer terms: June 4-22, June 
25-August 3 and August 6-24. There are 
courses offered in 59 dIfferent 
departments, ranging from American 

1968 ... 
Accordmg [0 .I recent Sun DIego L'l1iOll 

feature .Irtlcle .lbout Ihe cahber of 
entering UCD students. our student 
hod)' represents a dlstInu dcp.lrture 
from the nallon,11 norms ,b well as the 
stand.lrds set lor the UC cJmpuse, 

UC~D fre hmen lead emenng classes .III 
o\'er the natIOn In theIr Interest In 
SC ILnCCS. showtng three limes the 
natlonJI Inten.'st In mathematics and 
four tllnes that tn the physI(al sClencc~ 
L970 ... 

1 en thou and people marlhed 
together la'>t ~alurda)' tn San DIego to 
protest Presldel1l Nlxon's commlllnent 
of U~ lroops to Cambod Ia. I he maJon!) 
of the people were students and )'oung 
people , but mJny cLtlzens of the 
commul1lty JOIned the prOtest. ~m.lll 
babies bundled on theIr parents' hacb 
Jnd Imle ch Ildren holdtng their parents 
hands were common SIghts among the 
protesters. When a group of parents 
were asked why tht:y had brought theIr 
chIldren to a protest In wh Ich VIolence 
might erupt. they saId, "It wa5 a nsk we 
had to take . We must have peace, we 
couldn't protect them from vIOle nce tn 
any better WJy." 

1971... 
The C,lse of J UCSD student" IJ 

Indian studies !O zoology. Walk-in and 
mail registrations will be accepted for all 
courses beginning thIS week. For more 
mformation , call 265-5 152. 

o 
Pacific Beach's Ninth Annual Block 

Party is this Saturday from 10 am !O 4 
pm at the Crystal Pier on Garnet Avenue 
and Ocean Boulevard, Included WIll be a 
fishing derby, bands, jugglers, an 
international smorgasbord , hand icrafts 
and amusements for the kIds. More than 
60 community organizations will 
partiCIpate in the party, which is 
sponsored by the Pacific Beach Town 
Council. 

o 
The Sunshine Pedicab Company is 

looking for a few good students to pedal 
people around San Diego. These 
rickshaw-like bicycles are most 
frequently seen at the more popular 
!Ourist spots around San Diego -
Balboa Park, Seaport Village, Mission 
Bay and La Jolla. Drivers lease the 
pedicabs for 515-20 a day, and 
everything they make over that is theirs 
to keep. For all those interested , Jeff 
Brazel. the Director of Operations for 
the Sunshine Pedicab Company, will be 
on hand at the Balboa Park Organ 
Pavilion on May 15 from 8 am to 
4 pm. 

o 
A free walk through Shepherd 's 

Canyon will be led by the San Diego 
Natural History Museum Canyoneers 
this SaTUrday at 10 am. It is an easy, 
guided walk through a canyon that 
offers a good representation of the 
Southern California flora and fauna. The 
jaunt will start from the west side of 
Santo Road at the head of the traIl. 
Participants are urged to wear sturdy, 
comfortable foorwear. For more 
information , call 460-9301. 

asked antl-COmmUl1lst crusdder Fred 
Sdl\\'ar.: hIS optnlon of fuckIng" WIll be 
JPpcJlcd on constltutlonal grounds 
John R Bums. who asked the question 
\\'hen ~chwarz addressed ,111 LxtenSton 
class on Apnl 2. 1970. was convlued 
last week of dlslLlmlng the peacc on d 
Lollege lampus by uSIng vulgar or 
profane and 1l1decent IJngu,lge" In the 
pre~ence 01 women anu chIldren . 

1972 ... 
1 hur,da)', two year., alter Kent State. a 

thousand people IIldudll1g mUSICIans 
ilnd some feuerJl Jnd local agents, 
gathered .t( the foot of Broadwa)' Many 
lI'atched whde most did other th1l1gs. 
lIke getting hIgh , and others Ju'>t sat 
qUlctly wonden ng If It could hJppen 
Jga1l1 , here. 

L974 ... 
J)e,plte cl forts h)' the LlITlpus 

Crusade to halt It'> shl1\l lllg, the 
controvcrslJI movIe Deep l lIruut was 
shown last ,HurdJ)' I1Ight. rhe CJmpu> 
Crusade leds the him is "Inhuman, 
exploltlve Jnd contrary to J",>us' c.:oncept 
of human sexuJht)'." 

1975 ... 
rhe controversIal bIll to remove 

crIlnlnJI SJnCtion lor pnvalte sexual 

Party with the Sun God 
The Sun God's glinering, golden crest and psychedelic wingspan command 

respect; well. attention anyway. 
Friday will mark UCSD's first AS-officiated opportunity to worship the 

colorful statue. The name of the celebration, appropriately, is the Sun God 
festival '84. 

In what is hoped to become an annual event, the festival will combine the 
culinary deUghts of baked potatoes, hot dogs, Chinese food , cotton candy and 
other treats with the excitement and challenge of games of skill. such ~s 
Mexicali , AS Corruption , Team Twister and Student's Revenge (a dunking 
booth). 

Beginning at 11 am (the Guardian's own James Ralph Papp will deliver the 
opening speech), musicians, actors, jugglers, folk dancers, break dancers, 
UCSD dancers, a TGIF, rame, dance, air band competition and yet another 
rame will be provided for entertainment. 

According to director Susan Lewis, the festival is the culmination of a year-
and-a-half of planning. About $9,000 was allocated by various sources, she said . 

Part of the money is going into building the 35 reusable booths that wtll house 
the assortment of carnival games and food stands, most of which will be 
operated by student organizations. .. .. 

Lewis feels that the sense of unity the campus-wIde SOCial event Will proVIde 
is important. 

The Sun God Festival is modeled after UCLA's Mardi Gras, but Lewis states 
that the high admission price to that event (the fee pays for a big name band, 
booth building, etc.) is counterproductive. She has chosen to keep the cost 
down by sticking to University-associated entertainment (except for the TG 
bands) and having KSDT run the dance. 

The festival booths will be centered around the Sun Gad , and all 
entertainment (excert breakdancing, TBA) will be on a nearby stage . 

Although many 0 the games will be familiar, some will be unique to the 
festival, while others will have an old theme with a new twist. 

The AS Corruption booth will reportedly have AS Council members available 
to accept bribes for mock unethical activities. . 

Some other games include Name That Tune , by Assorted Vmyl, and Go For 
the Gold (The Official Goldfish Toss of the 1984 Sun God Festival). In all , there 
will be at least 18 games. 

Gamesters will be rewarded for superlative performance with prize tickets , 
redeemable at the foot of the Sun God. Stuffed animals ranging from pelicans 
and Sf. Bernards to a near-Ufe-size white buffalo will be distributed , as well as 
Sun God key chains, lighters and frisbees . 

Sun God T-shirts will be available for $9. 
At 5 pm, a rame will be held to give away prizes to holders of All-Campus 

Semi-Formal tickets. 
If one's need for Sun God prizes and paraphernalia is still unsatisfied at the 

end of the day, rame tickets for prizes from about 30 University and community 
businesses will be available for $1. 

The festival's continuous entertainment will culminate in a 4 to 7 pm TGIF on 
the Sun God Festival stage and an 8 to 12 pm dance by KSDT in the gym. The 
dance is $1 with student 10 and $3 without one. 

At intermission, there will be an air band competition and the Sun God rame. 
Celebrations similar to the Sun God Festival are common at universities 

throughout the country, and some (such as UCLA's ~ardi Gra.s and Cal State 
Chico's Pioneer Week) have become central events m the SOCial calendars of 
those schools. 

Lewis is enthusiastic about the future of the Sun God Festival and envisions a 
week-long event with University and community interaction, amusement rides 
and a high level of student commitment. 

For next year, Lewis hopes to see a rwo-day festival with rides in the 
adjoining parking lot. 

It has been suggested, somewhat tongue m cheek, that the possibility of a 
week-long Sun God Festival IS a good reason for switching to the semester 
system. 

According to the official Sun God Festival '84 souvenir book, "The Sun God 
Festival is one of a few new programs implemented by this year's Associated 
Student Council. The goal of the event is to incorporate all four colleges, student 
organ Izations and the administration into a cohesive social program .... Niki de 
Saint Phalle's Sun God has become a campus landmark and it is only 
appropriate that the festival be centered around the work." 

Says Randon Woodard , Director of Student Affairs , "We look at this event as 
the first in a long tradition of Sun God Festivals. By partiCi pating, you will be 
supporting the ASUCSD, Student Organizations, AcademIC Sponsors ~nd the 
Arts, as well as community sponsors .... You WIll not be dlsappomted . 

alls between conscnt tng adults , pJS ed 
b), hath the California Assemhly and 
Senate . WIll take away poltee lorces' 
"vchicle lor hJrassment" of homo exuals, 
a spokesman for UCSD's GJy Students 
Association said yesterday. 

1977 ... 
I he 101lrth Jnmlal U SD I nke R,lles 

- IhlW lll11re LhaUengIng th,1I1 el'er -
wIll hIghlIght .1 uay of fun and feStiVIty 
thl :' .Hurd,,),.1t the MUIr ollege Quad 
I.:nthuSI".,lIc tnkers lrom .111 p,trts 01 the 
Unlvcr It )' Loml1111 l1lty are expec teu til 

- Sean Wagstaff 

peddle-out. Awesome. 

1980 ... 
President Carter Said that unless the 

SovIet Union removes its troops Irom 
Afghanistan within a month , he would 
call for the Olympic Games to be moved 
from Moscow, postponed or canLeled. "I 
have asked the Umted Statcs Olympic 
Committee to take thIS po itlon to the 
Intcrn,ltLonal Olympic ommittee ," 
Carter sa Id . 

- Chrisropher Canole 

• _. "'.. . 'A , J"... ' )'. .. . J .. • ::: , 

Belkin lecturer 
real estate expert 

Howard Ellman, a San Francisco 
attorney who is considered to be one of 
the most highly acclaimed legal experts 
In the field of real estate and land use 
matters, will give the sixth annual David 
Marc Belkin Memorial Lecture Thursday, 
May 17 at UCSD. 

The lecture, which is free and open 
to the public, will begin at 8 pm in 
Room 110 of Peterson Hall on the Third 
College campus. Ellman will talk on 
"The Ethics of Land Development." 

The Belkin Lectures on environmental 
issues were established by the parents 
and friends of David Marc Belkin, an 
honors graduate of John Muir College at 
UCSD. Belkin lost his life while 
backpacking in the High Sierra in July 
1978. His love for the wilderness 
prompted his family to establish the 
endowed memorial fund in his memory. 

Each spring, the lectures bring to 
UCSD a distinguished figure associated 
with conservation and environmental 
studies. Ellman has been a regular 
participant in continuing education for 
the .California Bar program as well as 
the American Law Institute and the 
American Bar Association joint 
committee on continuing legal 
education, presenting programs on 
environmental law and land use control. 

Born in Chicago, Ellman received a 
Bachelor of Science .degree in business 
administration from Northwestern 
University in 1956 and a Certified 
Public Accountant Certificate from the 
University of Illinois Committee on 
Accountancy a year later. He received 
his law degree from Stanford University 
in L959 . While at Stanford , he was 

elected to the Order of the Coif and 
served as a member of the Board of 
Editors of the Stanford Law Review. 

He has been a partner in the law firm 
of Ellman, Burke and Cassidy since 
1976, specializing in real estate and 
environmental law, including private real 
estate transaction, land security, debtors' 
and creditors' rights , development 
situations and all aspects of regulation 
of real estate ownership, development 
and sale. He served as a visiting lecturer 
in law at UC Berkeley from 1966 to 
1976, presenting third-year advanced 
real estate seminars in environmental 
law and land use COntrol. During the 
1966-67 academic year, he served as an 
adjunct professor at Stanford University, 
presenting third-year seminars on land 
use and real estate problems. He has 
also served as a guest lecturer for the 
advanced real estate course at Golden 
Gate UniverSity School of Law and for 
the humanities sequence in John Muir 
College at UCSD. 

Ellman has been active in legislative 
and regulatory work, including 
participation on the committee which 
drafted California condominium 
legislation. He is a past member of the 
California State Department of Real 
Estate Subdivision Advisory Committee 
which drafted condominium, planned 
unit development and related legislation 
and has been a participant in numerous 
development in loan transactions 
involving air ri2hts development, three-
dimensional subdivisions and mixed 
use condominium projects. 

He has served as legal representative 
for the Southern Pacific Development 

Hearings favor 
. students over faculty 

By JACKIE AFFONSO 
Sacramento Comspondmt 

UC budget hearings held by Assembly 
Ways and Means subcommittees over 
the past rwo days have so far proven 
more positive for studems than faculty. 

action duplicates the Governor's 
proposal to decrease California State 
University student fees by state funding 
of financial aid . 

University officials, while supporting 
the Governor's budget, were satisfied 
with the subcommittee's action. 

UC Academic Vice President William 
Frazer said, "I don't think it makes an 
awful lot of difference. In either way, the 
fees will be lower and the programs will 

Company; Gerald Hines, the largest 
builder of office buildings in California; 
Trammell Crow Companies; as special 
counsel to the City and Counry of San 
Francisco in connection with leaSing of 
city properties and port litigation over 
Pier 39 development: and as special 
counsel to AT&T Long Lines in 
connection with real estate aspects of 
the Bell System divestiture in 1983. 

The Belkin Lectures were inaugurated 
in 1979 by Peter Matthiessen, who 
lectured on "The American Indian and 
Wilderness." The second lecture was 

about the Governor's proposal to assume 
funding of affirmative action and EOP 
financial aid programs. Most 
importantly, the Governor's long-range 
commitment to affirmative action is 
"unclear," and this could mean funds for 
such programs would not be renewed 
after next year, he said. 

Secondly. the University does not 
have an EOP financial aid program but 
has only estimated the number of 
financial aid dollars allocated to EOP, 
low income, underrepresented minority 
students, Balestrieri said. He added that 
if the Governor does choose to "buy 
OUt" EOP financial aid, the Governor's 
budget should specify that such a 
program be created. 

"We would like to see some language 
[in the budget] describing the program 
that is supposed 10 already exist," 
Balestrieri said . 

Subcommittee discussion on a higher 
education student fee policy was 
postponed for one week. 

While action on student fees was 
conducted quickly with little discussion, 
no action resulted from a lengthy 
discussion berween UC officials and 

The subcommittee on education 
supported the $70 fee decrease for UC 
students proposed in the Governor's 
budget, late Monday, while the 
subcommittee on compensation and 
retirement would not approve increasing 
faculty salaries Tuesday. The salary 
increases will not be approved until the 
University provides it with more 
infomlation on UC faculty 
compensation. 

Senate budget subcommittees have 
not yet heard these issues. 

Education subcommittee members 
voted in favor of appropriating $11 
million in state general funds to reduce 
student fees, but specified the money 
would be used to supplement the 
student's share of financial aid instead 
of student affirmative action and EOP 
financial aid programs as proposed in 
the Governor's budget. 

"Either way, the fees will be lower and the 
programs will be funded, " 

Consultant for the subcommittee Dale 
himasaki said financial aid is a "highel 

priority" than the other programs, and 
state funds should be used to begin 
financing UC student financial aid. This 

be funded ." 
Benefiting most from the 

subcommittee 's action are students , UC 
Studem Lobby Director Ron Balestrieri 
said. 

"We would much rather prefer the 
State buyout financial aid ," he told 
subcommittee members. 

Baleslrien said the Student Body 
Prestdents' Cou ncil has some concerns 

- William Frazer 

subcommittee members on faculty 
salaries. 

"I'm not prepared to hear it now, 
Frazer ," was the last thing 
Compensation and Retirement 
Subcommittee Chairman John 
Vasconcellos (D-San Jose) said before he 
decided that the issue of faculty salaries 
would be left undecided until the 
University provided further information 

Ma 10 19E14 3 
~EWS 

delivered by David Brower, who talked 
on "Contemporary Conservation issues." 
Wallace Stegner delivered the third 
Belkin lecture in 1981 , speaking on 
'The Gift of Wilderness," and Edward 
Abbey delivered the fourth lecture in 
1982, talking on "A Walk Through the 
Desert Hills." LaSt year, Dr. David 
Western , a noted resource ecologist 
associated with the New York Zoological 
Society's Animal Research and 
Conservation Center in Nairobi , Kenya , 
spoke on "The Origins and Development 
of Conserva tism in East Africa." 

regarding women and minority faculry 
promotions. 

Vasconcellos' concluding statement 
was prompted by Assemblyman Larry 
Stirling (R-La Mesa), who questioned the 
UniverSity'S progress in minoriry faculty 
promotions. Frazer first responded by 
calling the question "long and 
complicated" but then reassured 
Vasconcellos he was prepared to discuss 
it. The chairman, however, was 
"dismayed" by Frazer's initial response 
and declined to carry the hearing any 
further. 

University officials' efforts to secure a 
12.8% increase in state funds for faculty 
salaries was complicated by a California 
Postsecondary Education Commission 
report which classified this increase 
above those at comparable institutions. 
The report was submitted in draft form 
Monday at the request of the assembly 
subcommittee. 

UC Academic Senate Chairman Ralph 
Turner told committee members, 'That 
12.8% figure is a conservative figure," 
and pointed OUt that there are many 
other institutions in the state that can 
offer higher faculty salaries. 

Turner also told members about 
faculty morale, which was suffering until 
the Governor proposed higher salaries 
in his budget and showed a 
commitment to maintain them. 

Vasconcellos was not sympathetiC to 
Turner's testimony and reminded him 
that it was the Governor who Cut 
salaries last year. 

"He gets credit for repaying what he 
damaged. and that really sticks in me," 
he said. 

Despite the members' unwillingness to 
suppOrt the Governor's proposed faculty 
increase at Tuesday's hearing, Frazer is 
still optimistic. Between now and the 
next hearing, Frazer said, "We will 
certainly make sure we have all the 
information they requested ." 

The next hearing has not yet been 
scheduled. 



.. Ma) 10. 19 ~ 
PINION' 

oX' ~~ .. x',', .. ~ ~~ .......... .. ~,.;;. '. . u ,:. " ~,~ .". .... " ..... ~...... • •• " .. • "~ 

Editorial 

Cheap shots and nasty 
politics invade Olympics 

It would take aU one's concentration to believe that 
the real reason the Soviet Union is boycotting the 
Olympics is security considerations and the United 
States' lack of cooperation. They might just as well 
say their team was unable to get reservations on 
Aeroflot. The USSR is the epitome of the sulking 
child who waits until the last minute to say he does 
not want to go on the family outing. 

But the USSR has much to sulk about. Their little 
celebration four years ago was ruined by our pouting 
and teary-eyed pull-out. It appears that the ancient 
institution of the Olympics is about to have another 
tradition added to it, that of having the superpowers 
attend alternately. 

Certainly the Olympic Games are a perfect battle 
ground for major powers: It is an extension of the 
old utopian idea of settling disputes over, say, a game 
of chess instead of with war. Except we have carried 
it a step funher, and instead of using the athletes as 
footsoldiers we are using them as ammunition. The 
point now is not whom they represent, but whether 
they represent anyone. The United States and Soviet 
Union have carried the concept of a bloodless war 
through spons to a more ethereal plane. 

What are we to do about the expanding problem? If 

the superpowers can boycott, what will keep anyone 
with a grievance , right down to Luxembourg and 
Liechtenstein, in the Games, or more clearly, the 
Summer Games? This is an opening, for no one 
seems to have thought of boycotting the Winter 
Games yet. Perhaps we can widen the range of the 
winter version, perhaps holding two installments, one 
above the equator and one below. Ore set of athletes 
could be skiing down Italian slopes ' 'lile the others 
run on Australian tracks and fields. 

Or, as the television stations did dfter 'the latest (or 
should we say last?) games, we cou~d simply flash the 
times and records of foreigners on ( ur television sets. 
Remote control Olympic Games would solve problems 
of terrorism, defection, smog and bad feelings after 
competition. The PLO could stay home and shoot at 
their television sets, and the Soviet athletes of a non-
Communist leaning would be imprisoned behind our 
screens. The television networks would be happy, 
and the only people who would suffer are those who 
want to rent their houses in Westwood our for 
extravagantly inflated sums. 

Obviously the world's roliticians have finally 
caught on to the value 0 corrupting the Olympic 
Games, and it is left for the Games to corrupt 
themselves before outsides can get at them. 

ll~~~~lf~n®~~®lf~ll®~~®Ir~ll®~~~lf~ll~{t{t®lf~llce;llitce;lf~ll~{t{tce;Ir~ n<ettit<elr~ll<e{t~celr~n®~~ 
~®Ir~lettersll®{t{t®lr~ll<e{t{t®Ir~ll®fr~®lf~ll®{t{tce;Ir~nce;{tfr®lf~ll®frit<elr~n<e{t{t<elr~llcettit<eIr~ 
lf~ll®{t~ce;Ir~n®fr~®Ir~ll®~~®lf~ll®{t{t®Ir~n®~~®lf~ll®{t{t®Ir~n~frfr®llr~n~fdb,eIr~ncellitcerr~ll<e 

ll®fr~®rr~ll®frfr®rr~ll®frfrce;Ir~n®frfrce;rr~ll®{t{t®rr~n~frfr®rr~ll®{tftce;Ir~n®ilit®rr~ll®{t{tce;1f~n®frfr( 
Sir. 

Since C. Brandon Crocker of 
the Califomlll ReView has taken 
the trouble [0 respond [0 my 
leuer 01 May 1, I feel I must also 
address the Issues he raises. He 
argues agai nst numencal quotaS, 
but thiS IS not a response to my 
letter, as I did not even raise the 
issue of quota hiring, and I Will 
not do so here. It IS , in fact, 
irrelevant to the issues I raised . It 
is true that women make up the 
majority of semor citizens, but 
this does not answer the 
question of why so many of these 
women are poor. Women (or 
men, for that matter) who have 
spent a large chunk of their life 
raising children and helping 
their spouses funher careers do 
not necessa nly get any financial 
compensation lor dOing so, in 
spite of the lac[ [hm these Jobs 
are uitlwl to our society's well 
being. Is [hiS reasonable) 

Unmarned mothers, teenage 
mothers, divorced mothers, Ctc . 
often lack extensive Job 
experience outSide the hOlllc and 
extenSive skills outSide oj 
homemaking and duld ralsmg. 
Why should thiS work requiring 
these skills be entitled to no 
compensation) Given that l1Ioney 
IS the baSIS and the reward for 
"value" In thiS society. why IS 
thiS work not "valued." literally? 
Why should the men engaging 
In ,exual and other vi tal 
aLUVlu es with these women and 
the society benelHing Vitally from 
thiS work leave these women at 
the mercy of J system which 
does not value their work) 

Is the raising 0 ch ildren so 

ummportant th,n those who 
responSibly do so should be 
rewarded with poverty? It is true 
that to be a pnmary ca retaker IS 
to be a person who cannot 
devote as much energy to 
another job as a person not 
"encumbered" in this way. This 
fact, however, does not address 
the issue 01 why the primary 
caretaker (whether or not 
working at another Job) should 
Incur less "value" for their work. 

Mr. Crocker mentions the 
"strength of the family," implyi ng 
[hat were this institution 
"stronger" women would not be 
left impovenshed . Unfonunately. 
the death of those with 
dependents , desenion of same 
and accidental pregnancy, will 
never be fully eliminated In the 
foreseeable future . In fact, I find 
it rather amazing that those 
people who literally take care of 
everybod y are labeled 
"dependent" and not entitled to 
"value ." Why should these people 
he punished with povcny? Mr. 
Crocker Ignores [his question 
entirely In hiS leIter as did the 
amcle In the Culifomra Rcvlew. If 
motherhood IS a "worthless" Job . 
then why is poor mothenng or 
the lack of It so olten CIted as 
the cause of many seriOUS 
problems? I do not feel I 
"butchered the force 01 the 
Ca lifonlla R CVICW artkle" I referred 
to; I a ked questlons regarding 
Issues It did not address . 

:>Ir: 

Alice Angell Green 
Department of Sociology 

I would I1ke to congratUlate 
DaVid R. alldway lor hiS amcle 

in the May 3 Guardian. e ntitled 
"Common Sense for All ," an 
anicle concerning Itself with the 
absurdity of campus politics. The 
two rival factions can not help 
but spout theoretical dogma 
because they know nothing else. 
College IS probably the first time 
that they have ever been 
exposed to any kind of politiCS. 
Being contained in the ivory 
[Ower, they have not seen that 
the outside world does not follow 
theoretical models. 

However, I disagree with 
Callaway's definition of "real 
Issues." Must they only concern 
the land and the environment? 
What about human rights? He 
cntlcizes SPUD for "debating the 
semantiCs of an aUegedly sexist 
professorial remark," and the 
opinion pages of UCSD papers 
discuss ing "th e ciressing habits of 
conservatives." I would ca ll that 
which he is critiCizing grass 
roOts politica l work, and not 
Ivory tower rhetoric. Grass roots 
work IS the practice 01 educating 
indiViduals and helpmg to 
change cenain unexamined 
culturall)' based stereotypes. 

In regard to SPUD, why should 
wome n students Ignore a 
prolessor' eXlsm In f,IVor 01 
fOCUSing our attention on the 
"re.11 Issues"? Again. thiS IS 
relegaung wOlnen 's Issues to a 
seLOnd.,ty level , which was one 
of th e m'lJo r contradICtions 01 
Ih e politic 01 the 19bOs. 

I Jssume thaI by "U D 
papers" ,JUJway IS refernng 10 
th e GLUmlll.HI. The opllllOn pages 
01 Ih e ,\1.IY 3 C,uardl£lll .Ire nllt 
dlsclIsslng "the dreSSing hablls 01 

conservatives"; it is discussing 
gay awareness on a grass roots 
level. Callaway obviously has not 
read the cover Story of the latest 
Campus Newsweek, which 
discusses the rampant and oven 
homophobia and discrimination 
against gays on college 
campuses. This is not theoretical 
rhetoric . Basic human rights are 
not theoretical. I wonder how 
Callaway would feel if he had to 
lie about the sex of his lover in 
order to retain his job, or if he 
could not walk down the street 
hand-in-hand with his lover for 
fear of being harassed or even 
attacked. The murder of Harvey 
Milk and other gays is not 
theoretical or unimportant . 

If oppressive stereotypes can 
be erased from the minds of 
students, then maybe the future 
will not be so oppressive. Or, at 
least aware people will be less 
likely to unwittingly insult those 
minorities with whom they come 
into contact. 

Lesley Giovanelli 
Sir. 

After perusing Brooke Mills' 
treatise on debauchery (Guardian. 
7 May 1984) I know without 
question that I am an elitist. I 
could not be paid enough to 
look at a girl like that. 

Mr. Young: 

CordiaUy 
E. CIaKn Young 

Imperr;ator 
Califomit.l Rtvitw 

The pOSSibility of anyone 
paying you to look at a girl like 
that is so remote that I suggest 
you do not wony about it. 

t ~j 
; 

... . 

, 
, 1 t -+~ r 1 8· 

I 

JI+ 
Editor 

Tim August 

Managing Editor 
Phil Lauder 

Copy Editor 
joe DesideriO 

Opinion Editor 
james Ralph Papp 

"~ 
1..0. .. 

~r1' 

Contributing Opinion Editor 
David Wolf 

News Editor 
Lisa Ltpin 

Contributing News Editors 
Steven R. Friedman 

Phil Willon 

Arts Editor 
Andrew Keeler 

Associate Arts Editor 
john Nee 

Sports Editor 
jeff Savage 

FealUres Editor 
Christopher Can ole 

Photo Editor 
Rich Pecjak 

General Manager 
Chris Milke 

Associate General Managers 
Linda Lewis 

Valerie McMullin 

Photographers 
Rob Friedemhal 
Mark Johnson 

lUustrators 
John Ashlee 

Steve Kloepfe r 

TypeKtters 
Joe Desiderio 
Anggie Lapid 
Phil Lauder 

Andy Laurence 

Production 
Paul Farwell 

Rob Friedenthal 
Lizz Fuller 
Kelley Neal 

Karla Spencer 

Staff Writers 
Lance Bernard , Ethan Feerst, 

David Fleminger, Robert Geyer, 
Jackie Gladfelter, Mike 

Greenberg, Kim Haddad , 
Christina Kaus, Sergio Klier, Ian 
Langdon, Roben Leone, Michael 
Panos, Julie Richter, Dena Rosen, 

Sharon Sogomian, Yen Taylor. 

The UCSD Guardian is 
published Mondays a nd 
Thursdays during the academic 
year by stud ems at UCSD. Views 
expressed in the Guardian do not 
.represent the views of the Regents 
of the UniverSity of California or 
the Associated Students of UCSD.' 
Afl un : initialled editor ials 
represent the views of the emire 

I editorial board of the Guardian; 
initialled "ditorials represent 
minority opinions of the editorial 
board. Reproduction, publication , 
or any use without permission of 
any ponion of this newspaper 
without prior notification is strictly 
prohibited 

The Guardian welcomes signecf 
letters and commentary as outlined 
in the Opinion section ; however, 
we are not responsible for 
unsolicited manuscripts or an. 

Our office IS loca ted southeast of 
the ReveUe Provost Office next 
door to the Chc Cafe on the UCSD 
campus. The BUSiness Olflce IS 
open from 9 am to noon and 1 pm 
to 5 pm Monday through Friday. 

Subscriptions arc available and 
will be mailed I1rst c\J 5 ror $1 5 per 
quaner. 

The UCSD Guardian 
UCSD, 8-016 

La Jolla , California 92093 
(61.9) 452-3466 

The Rankin File 

The Arab retreat and 
Berliner invasion 
By THOMAS ~KIN 

The stabilization of oil prices has 
helped keep inflation down, but there is 
yet more good news on the once 
shppery oil front: the Department of 
Energy reports that as of September of 
last year the United States is importing 
only 28% of its oil, down dramatically 
from the 46% figure during the OPEC 
price squeeze of 1977. 

If that were not enough , the US's top 
suppliers are now Mexico, Canada, 
Venezuela and the UK respectively, a 
relatively benign group in comparison to 
the old leaders: Saudi Arabia, Iran and a 
gaggle of OPEC nations. It is always a 
pleasure to see the market topple the 
price-fixers. 

* * * 

Ralph's supermarket in LaJol1a is 
currently marketing a beer from East 
Germany under the name of Berliner Pi/so 
While the label would lead one to 
believe that the bottle contains a crisp. 
tart Pilsener, Berliner is in fact a murky 
brew with a flshy odor and the bready 
aftertaste more characteristic of a Weiss 
beer than a true Pilsener. Could the 
Ministry of Hops and Barley have black-
marketed a trainload of its product in 
relUrn for some decadent Western 
consumables? What did it send its 

clients, then? My guess is fish offal and 
croutons, if Berliner is any indication. 

The logo itself is worthy of some note: 
a red circle containing three glasses 
held aloft by, yes , a red bear. Workers 
unite! 

• • • 

An event of great geopolitical 
significance has taken place just east of 
UCSD: Robeno's Mexican Restaurant has 
begun 24-hour operation. Located on 
Miramar Road in a small shopping 
center (at the first light past Denny's), 
the facility offers fast, greasy Mexican 
food at reasonable prices at even the 
most unreasonable hour. No one knows 
fo r sure how well Roberto's will do in its 
new location, but all bets are off for 
finals week. 

* * * 

Nm nearly as signiflcant (but 
interesting nonetheless) is an ongoing. 
project by Lotus Cars of Great Britain. 
Even follOwing the death of its founder 
and guiding light, Colin "Chunky" 
Chapman, work progresses on a 
"thinking" suspension for automobiles 
that may revolutionize the entire 
industry, not to mention bringing Lotus 

HPWEEK 
Have you been waiting to purchase a Hewlett-Packard 

computer, calculator, printer, plotter, or accessOry? If so, 
now is the time to get onel 

May 14th through the 18th is HP WEEK at the 
Bookstore Computer Center. Come in and see any of our 
complete line of Hewlett-Packard products, including the 
fantastic new HP 150 Touchscreen computer, and talk 
with qualified sales reps about how you can get your very 
own personal computer, to make life a little easier for 

On 'Wednesday, the high point of HP WEEK. we will 
I1ave sales and technical reps straight from Hewiett-
Packard on hand to answer all of your questions. These 
representatives will also be unveiling the much-talked-
about "mystery product" - the new HP product everyone 
is \NOOdering about The HP support crew will be here for 
one day only, so don't miss out; you'll be sorry if you do, 
Also, look for some spectacular low prices on HP products 
during all of HP Week, so remember: don't be left out of 
this once-in-a-lifetime spectacularl And be sure to catch 
the debut of the new HP mystery productl 

ONTMISSITI 
UIlIVEIiSITY lIaaliSTUIlE 

COMPUTER CENTER 
The Discount Computer Store 

452-4291 

the eternal grati'tude of racers and 
would-be racers worldwide. 

Present suspension technology relies 
on springs to absorb road imperfections 
and shock absorbers to damp out the 
springs' oscillations. The Lotus system, 
still in its early stages, utilizes an 
engine-driven pump to supply pressure 
to hydraulic devices at each wheel that 
literally move Ihem "Out of the way' or 
bumps. The key to the scheme is a 
computer with sensors that check wheel 

loadings one hundred times per second. 
When the computer learns that loading 
has increased or decreased on any 
given wheel, it directs the hydraulics to 
move the wheel up or down . 

Funher development will enable 
engineers to vinually eliminate squat 
under acceleration, dive under braking 
and lean during cornering. The sway bar 
industry won't like it . but there 's no 
doubt that car freaks will. Stay tuned. 
And light a candle for Cohn. 

On de-Reaganization 
By JOHN GARAMENDI 
Sma~ Majority Leader 

What if they gave an election and 
everybody came? 

This IS the fundamental political 
question of 1984 for students and non .. 
students alike. early half the American 
adults eligible to vote did not cast 
ballots in 1980. The result: Ronald 
Reagan. 

Before the disenfranchised can vote, 
they must of course be registered . In 
this vital preSidential election year, the 
issues of \var or peace in Central 
America, oil drilling along California's 
coast and a weapons escalation that 
threatens to bury our economy in a sea 
of red ink dominate the national 
agenda. Now is the time to ensure 
everyone who is eligible to vote has the 
opportunity to be heard . 

Three separate nonpartisan efforts will 
significantly improve our record in 
getting disenfranchised people to the 
polls. 

First is HumanSERVE, a nationwide 
project to register voters at public and 
private social service agencies. This 
novel program makes part-time 

registrars of workers at employment 
offices, welfare depanments , senior 
centers and health clinics. In California, 
municipal public employees are 
permitted , and even encourged by law. 
to register their clients to vote. 

HumanSERVE is asking students to 
volunteer aU or pan of their summer 
vacations to register social service 
recipients in 17 key states. One 
hundred paid student coordinators will 
supervise these efforts. California is one 
of the targeted states. (Contact my office 
at (916) 324-4707 or HumanSERVE at 
(415) 864-8770, extension 65 , for 
details.) 

Complementing the HumanSERVE 
effort is the Campus Campaign for 
Voter Participation (CCVP). Targeting 
the state 's 1,800,000 coUege students, 
CCVP hopes to tum out half a million 
new student voters this year. Currently 
over 60 colleges are organizing drives 
and anmher 40 plan to register voters 
this spring. 

To find Out more about opportunities 
please t urn to page 8 



6 May 10, 19B'! 
OPINION 

" :-.:,.~ ;:..: , • ' " • •• - ..... _ ..... _~.. ..oX':': ,- ~ ~. ~'. 

Guardian Elections 
Guardian Election 

The following positions will be open to all UCSD students. Any qualified 
persons are encouraged to apply. 

IN ADDlnON TO OTHER DunES. TliESE POSInONS ENTAIL: 
EDITOR-IN-CHIEF: Responsible for the overall opera-

tion, content and format of The UCSD 
Guard ian. Chooses lupon approval) the '84-
'85 Executive Staff and approves hiring of staff 
writers, photographers, illustrators and 
contributing editors. Presides over Executive 
and Editorial boards and conducts all 
meetings. Represents the newspaper on 
campus and in the community. 

MANAGING EDITOR: Responsible for the efficient pro-
duction of the newspaper. Establishes and 
enforces all deadlines. SUpervises layouts to 
ensure they conform to standards of format. 
Establishes and maintains intemship and 
group study programs. Assumes the duties of 
the Editor-in-Chief in his/her absence. 

COPY EDITOR: Responsible for editing for grammar, 
punctuation, content. and style all articles 
submitted for publication. Also responsible for 
insuring no libelous and/or tasteless material 
reaches publication, 

NEWS EDITOR: Determines areas of coverage and in-
sures adequate coverage of news'WOrthy 
events at UCSO. Must develop a full writing 
staff and maintain a file of published stories. 

OPINION EDITOR: Responsible for the page de'I.Qted to 
the free expression of ideas. Must be able to 
accommodate a ll political/religious/moral 
persuasions. Must maintain a file of published 
stories. 

SPORTS EDITOR: Responsible for covering sports on 
campus and when appropriate, the 
community. Must develop own writing staff 
and maintain a file of published stories. 

ARTS EDITOR: Responsible for covering the arts on 
campus and when appropriate, the 
community. Must develop own writing staff 
and maintain a file of published stories. 

FEATURES EDITOR: Responsible for articles of human/ 
general interest that are not appropriate for 
news, sports, opinion or arts section. Must 
develop own writing staff and maintain a file 
of published stories. 

PHOTO EDITOR: Responsible for developing a compe-
tent staff of photographers and organizing an 
efficient system for assigning and processing of 
photographs. Must maintain an organized file 
of published photographs. 

OTHER: Applicants are welcome to create their own pos-
itions provided that they would be 
appropriate to the needs of the '84-'85 staff as 
deemed by the new Editor-in-Chief. 

AU APPLICANTS MUST BE RESPONSIBLE, ORGANIZED, 
MAnIRE AND REUABLE. AU EDITORIAL POSInONS ARE 

PAID. 

All applicants should submit THEIR OWN TYPED applications which 
should include a CCNer letter describing yourself, your related experience, 
the amount of time you are willing to commit to The Guardian, and an idea 
of lNhat you would like to accomplish or see the newspaper accomplish 
while you are a staff member. Also include a resume and any references you 
may have. 

DO NOT CAU THE GUARDIAN OFFICE FOR ADDlnONAL 
INFORMAnON. 

APPLICA TlONS FOR EDITOR-IN-CHIEFARE DUE 8Y NOON MONDA y, 
MA Y 2 1. NO LA IE Af'PLiCA TlONS WILL BE ACCEPTED. Applicants for 
editorial positions must be available for interviews the week of May 29 
rnrough June I. 

APPLICATIONS FOR ALL OTHER EDITORIAL POSITIONS ARE DUE 
NOON TUESDAY, MAY 29. NO LATE APPUCATIONS WILL BE ACCEPTED. 
Applicants for editorial positions must be available for inteNiews the week 
of May 29 through June I. 

Editor-in-Chief elections will take place all day Wednesday, May 30. ArTf 
persons interested in being electors must submit a letter of intent by noon, 
Thursday, May 17. A list of approved electors will be posted Monday, May 
21. 

St3ff approval of the '84-'85 staff will take place at the Executive Board 
meeting Friday, June I. 

PLEASE DEUVER AU APPUCAnONS AND LETTERS OF 
INTENT IN PERSON TO THE GUARDIAN BUSINESS OFFICE. 

&1( , ' Y-::: ~. 

The Insoml1iac Gardeners 
(Play this loud! ) 
T he condo new "-
1.lst .Ind erhcl<:m 
\I'll h modem [0015 
to ~peed Iheir work 
I .lIn In bed 
.Isil:ep tn Ihe luxurtoliS hours 
or .1 Inorntng that need, no alarm 
)uddenly, at th ' dot of 7' 30, 
the)' attack m)' Iront yard 
a lew fect from m)' snooztng wtndow, 
1 hc o n·and -off whirr 
of a power saw trlmming 
ttn )' branches and the 
scratchmg 01 the reSIdue 
on thc co ncrete path with a rake 
irmates the membrane of my subconscIOus 
like the grating of fingernails on J bla kboard . 
I inadvcnentl)' wake up. 
Immediately the heaVy, ec hotng cars 
rushing to ridiculously early jobs :":'" 
roar tn my ears '_ ::::J,\ ,;,-
that ignored them before. . 
The machines soon stop , ~ 
havtng completed their mIssion 7! 
of arousi ng me prematurely from dreamland 
the one day l had a free pass 
to go on aU the rides. 
The sound of Indecently close voices 
adviSing each other about 
trivial garde nmg technology 
comes and goes, 
and th rough my bed on the floor 
I feel the vibration of their feet 
stomping on the ground nearby, 
like a sunbathmg snake 
feels th e approach of Intruders. 
Now the garden IS silent 
and only the cars rush on. 
The crew has packed up its things 
and moved on, 
eager to get done with it and 
go home by 2:30 this afternoon. 
a decem working hour in which 
they a re never seen or heard from. 
l am fully awake now and 
unable to re -doze with 
such an importunate reality 
threatening my peace of mind. 
What If my midnight carousal dratned me 
and I had till 8.30 to recove r? 
It must be some tnexorable fate of mine, 
that the gardeners are messenge rs of Allah 
sent to my house in the early hour 
[0 prevent me from slacktng off from the world 
and neglecting my duties to It. 
Maybe it is most desirable [0 be wakened 
with th e creative state Intact 
that it might produce a better movie 
lived with others 
and not always be: wasted 
on my nightly private screenings. 
As a consequence, 
these days of robotic annoyance 
carry dreamland over 
into their very plot and interpretation . 
PsychiC Intuition undermines 
the stupid forebrain rationalizations 
of a dytng neurot ic culture, 
and I have fallen under 
the fate of the power saw 

- Susan Self 

CommentarY-

Athletes' rights 
By STEVE SAGGIANI 

The problems that plague the 
intercollegiate sports at UCSD are the 
lack of school funding and the lack of 
support from the Administratlon . This 
causes a cham reaction of another 
aspect, making intercollegiate sportS 
here no competition for the other 
schools. Scholarships would make the 
sports programs at UCSD, as would 
admmistrative cooperation, such as 
moving exam dates and giving 
advantages for athletes in getting classes. 

I am currently on the baseball team, 
and I have experienced and observed 
many problems. Most of them are due to 
lack of school funds. First of all, the 
teams we play aU give out scholarships 

[0 their players. This PUtS our team, 
along with the other UCSD teams, at a 
disadvantage. Any athlete who excels in 
a high school sport waits until he or she 
is offered a full or partial scholarship. 
This takes all the best players, because 
almost every big school offers 
scholarships. The rest of the high school 
athletes, who do not receive any 
scholarships, choose schools with 
respectable sports programs. This leaves 
UCSD with nothing, because of its ' 

reputatio~ for _a weak athletic program, 
In 1969, the proposal of giving out 

scholarships lor athleucs was brought to 
the student body, and it was turned 

plc'lIlt' It" JJ It) {l<lgL 8 

measure of gamma globulin would 1I0t be beneficial." 

Cafeteria worker 
contracts hepatitis 

Bernard , who inspects the UCSD Food Service 
facilities every twO months, made no immediate 
examination of the Revelle Cafeteria, nor has he done 
so 10 date. Fortunately, no other sign of infecuous 
hepatitiS has surfaced. . 

Food Services does not certify ItS employees under 
the San Diego County Board of Health , as do other 
restaurants and food organizations. The Food Services 
employees also undergo no type of medical 
examination except a request for a Signature swearing 
no health history of infectious diseases (otherwise; 
they will not be hired ). Instead, Klippel oversees an 
orientation program to familiarize the new workers of 
the facilities and their regulations. 

By DAVID D. ARMER 
A UCSD student worker is suspected of contracting 

the disease infectious hepatitiS in the Revelle cafeteria 
for unknown reasons, Sophomore Cynthia McDonald 
left her cafeteria position April 8, 1984 after reportedly 
leaming that she had the contagious virus from her 
private physician. _ 

"We received information of the suspected case 
some twO weeks later, after she had already quit: 
states UCSD Food Services Director Brian Klippe\. The 
Guardian learned of the incident only last week. 
Reasons are sketchy as to why this information was 
delayed. 

Wilham llemard, sanitarian for Environmental 
Health and Safety, aUegedly first obtained notice of the 
situation. "He [Bernard] did receive a call from the San 
Diego County Health Depanment concerning a 
suspected case of hepatitiS," recalls Klippel, adding 
that the former then spoke to Dr. Brian Murray at the 
Student Health Center. "When we [all three] first heard 
about the suspected case, we obviously were quite 
concerned and reacted quickly in communicating to 
staff, and working with the County Health Department 
to do what measures we should .... 

"We have notified employees of... the symptoms, to 
advise us and to seek medical advice ." As of yet, no 
other workers have come forth in response. 

On Monday, April 9, McDonald entered the Student 
Health Center, where she was placed under the care of 
Murray. On April 14, she was admitted to Scripps 

$327 
$409 
$330 LONDON 
$479 MADRID 
$389 PAIS 
$409 D.aI 

Hospital for further testing of the hepatitis virus. 
McDonald is believed to have pOSSibly contracted 

the more contagious form: infectious hepatitiS. One 
can catch the virus directly from contact with human 
waste products or indirectly from polluted water, food , 
and/ or inadequate toilet facilities . Serum hepatitiS, the 
other form , can be transmitted only through exchange 
of human blood or by hypodermiC needles. (It is not 
uncommon to find this form among drug users.) 

Symptoms of both include fatigue , fever, chills, loss 
of appetite, paleness and nausea. Urine often changes 
to a brown color, while that of the bowels sometimes 
becomes light colored. Normal recovery periods have 
durations of two to six weeks. 

The disease, although treatable, has no definite cure. 
However, the antibody solution gamma globulin can be 
administered to aid the body's defenses and somewhat 
immunize the infection. Yet, it is effective only within 
the first two weeks of exposure to the virus. 

After the discovery of McDonald 's condition, 
exposed workers are told to report irregularities in 
their health instead of taking blood tests. Says Klippel, 
"If we had a new, confirmed case, it would be very 
likely that we would request employees and customers 
who may have been exposed to the area to take 
gamma globulin shots [and/ or blood tests] .. .. McDonald 
last worked April 8. It is now May 7, which is a four-
week period .. .. There is still potential that something 
could come up from that situation, and the normal 

Roundtrip 
From 

$583 
$778 
$778 
$549 
$758 

.. _. 

HAIRCUTS $995 
Includes: 

• Shampoo 
• Conditioner 

only 

This is the first time an outbreak of hepatitis has 
appeared in UCSD's history, according to Murray. 
However, says Klippel , "Dr. Murray ... said that he's not 
sure that it was, in fact, a case of infectious hepatitis." 
Yet a five-by-eight-inch typewrinen notice posted in 
response to the outbreak in the kitchen of the Revelle 
Cafeteria reads that McDonald 's illness was indeed 
confirmed to be infectious hepatitis. 

Some Revelle students, upon hearing that such an 
incident happened , were greatly alarmed. "It's a scary 
thought," said one. Another replied , "I would probably 
stop eating there ." No one spoken to responded 
favorably. Added the first student, "I would expect an 
investigation to go on to prove or disprove any 
possibility of it being transmitted ." 

A sonic boom lasl Sunday shook most of the county 
coast/iine as a result of the Miramar Naval Air Starion 
air show. Windows were shaUered from La Jolla Shores 
to UTC, including several on th e UCSD campus. The 
Navy is funding repairs. 

HAl 
DESIGNS 

Also Featuring: 
Curls, Relaxers and Waves 

PERMS $2495 
Includes: 

• Shampoo 
• Conditioner 

only 

$778 Using TeB Products With Specialists Willie or Ike 
Eurail Passes Issued on the Spot! OPEN 7 DAYS 

APPOINTMENT NOT NECESSARY 
UNIVERSITY TOWNE CENTRE - 455·0420 

Call COUNCIL TRAVEL (CIEE) 
4429 ,ISS l. 
5~n Oil'g," CA '12 10':1 452-0630 lX.5 D lud,'nl \..t'n lcr B'()2) 1.1 ,011,1 , l 92O'lJ 



8 Ma\ 10, )l} -I 
OPINION 

, -,-",',," '" ':-':'':< • • " 

Get~----
/ 

The San Diego Community CoUege District 
'Tuition-free to California residents . 55 to 550 fee for fall classes. 

o·SOL·o·mio. 
2 

CEAVECEAIA MQCTElu""" Sit. ' 

Reagan 
LUIIWlllL'J J'·,l111 /hli!"' ) 
with the Campus Campaign- (or Voter 
Participation, call (916) 442-1440. 

You can also work direcdy with your 
campus voter registration coordinator at 
your school's student govemment office. 

Finally, a bill was offered-in the 
Legislature this year (SB 1563) to ensure 
that public coUeges and universities 
make voter registration forms readily 
available to aU students. For example, 
the school administration could make 
vOter registration forms available during 
in-person student enrollment periods, so 
students could register to vote when 
they sign up for classes. 

Draft registration, student loan 
funding, the nuclear freeze - our 
country's direction on these issues Ildes 
on the outcome of the November 
election . Get involved in the voter 
registration revolution It's your future 
that's at stake. 

Athletes' 
rights 

(O ,ltlllued frolll page 6 
down. At that time the school was smaU, 
and there were very few students who 
were involved in sports. Today UCSD 
has changed. Many more students are 
getting involved in intereoDegiate spons 
and find out that the programs are in 
need of funding and support. If the 
scholarships or stronger school funding 
were achieved, this would be one of the 
most popular schools around. Its 
location, along with its reputation of 
academic quality, would attract many 
good athletes. That would indirecdy 
bring money to UCSD. The enrollment 
would be much greater, and that would 
in rum bring more money to the school 
and create more jobs. 

There are many other problems that 
reflect the fact thaLUCSD does not 
suppOrt its athletic program. The 
athletes do not get any special breaks, 
such as having test dates moved and 
first priority in getting clases. These two 
things are very important in making a 
program work. Playing on the basebaU 
team, we get no special breaks of the 
son. Practice should be filled by the 
whole team. Many members of our team 
miss practice or come to practice late. 
This becomes crucial during league play, 
because games are scheduled between 
12 and 2 pm, times when many players 
on the team have classes. As a student, 
you know what happens when you miss' 
a class. Therefore, I feel that athletes at 
UCSD should get first priority for 
classes. 

Another problem that athletes are 
faced with is the moving of test dates. 
Most of the faculty at this school do not 
allow test dates to be moved. This is 
directly influenced by the 
Administration. This poses a problem: 
Players cannot go to games, because 
tests faD on the same days. This 
happens qUite frequently. Often a player 
must stay home from a road trip when 
his or her professor will not aUow the 
teSt date to be moved . For this problem, 
1 strongly feel that there should be a rule 
passed that any athlete needing to move 
a test date should have the right to do 
so. 

Stanford, Berkeley and the other top 
academic sc hools in the nation have no 
problems with giving out scholarships 
and supporting their athletic programs. I 
feel that this would enhance UCSD 
immensely, to follow the ways of the top 
schools in the nation. By making the 
spons program respectable , in tum we 
will achieve the potential of UCSD. 
Time will be the detenmining factor in 
whether we have a great athletic 
program or none at all . 

Back spacing 
into time 
By CHRISTOPHER CANOLE 

"Come over here to the door," I 
beckoned {Q my editor, with a faded 
newspaper photo of UCSD. Holding the 
photo alongside the door frame, I asked , 
"See anything familiar?" 

The editor surveyed the landscape 
and the old photo. "Loole, the same to 
me." 

"Right, don 't you see?" I could tell he 
was suspicious of my enthusiasm. 

"Look closely. From our angle here at 
Ihe GWlrdian nOl one things seems to 
have changed. The Provost's office, 
Cluster Library, the eucalyptus trees , 
even the pathways are the same." 

No response. I needed to get to the 
point or quickly lose my audience. 

"I have this idea for a weekly column. 
You know how some professors and 
grad students constantly lament about 
the 'good old days' at UCSD in the '60s? 
Well, why not hold up the '60s to us 
now and see how they compare." To 
emphaSize the poim, I held the 

ph9~raph in front of the editor's face 
and asked him to read the date_ 

"Nineteen sixty-four." Still a blank 
.look. 

"Do you know where I found this 
photo? From those old bound volumes 
of the Triton Times we keep in the 
close l." 

"What the hell are you doing tearing 
a page out of those books?" 

"I didn't lear it out. Those books fell 
apart from neglec!. Calm down , listen a 
moment." At least he was interested 
now. 

· UCSDeja Vu." Damn, lost him again. 
Better make it Simple. 

"Deja Vu, you know, that feeling as if 
something you are doing now happened 
before. It was a big deal in the '60s. 
Crosby, Stills and Nash made it as 
common as 'Have a good day' when 
they wrote 'Deja Vu' for Woodstock. 
UCSDeja Vu would be a column about 
events today that seem to remind us of 
the '60s, like thiS photo." 

"OK, fine . Twenty column inches to 
start. But hold down on the free sex 
talk; we 've got a lot of conservative 
censors out there." This was the editor's 
benevolent grant of approval. 

I ran to the closet, puUed out the 43 
volumes of the old Triton Times and 
Guardians, and settled into my chair 
trailing a storm of cobwebs of the past . 

I opened Volume I, Issue 1, 
September 26 , 1964. "Young Republicans 
Offer C hallenge to New 'Left" was the 
lead story of the day. The accompanying 

photo of short-haired , grey-suited 
stude nts looked like last week's issue of 
the California Review. Where were the 
long-haired hippie radicals we keep 
hearing about? 

As I turned the pages, this 
conservative image echoed through the 
years. What a disappointment. Who 
would read UCSDeja Vu if it looks and 
reads like the California R~vlCw or Koala? 

After two hours I had leafed through 
time to February 7 , 1967, and found a 
sto ry related to today's events. "Angela 
Davis , political science graduate student, 
announced tod ay the forming of the 
Black Student Council." 

Pulling the yellowed text to my 
typewrner, I began: 
UCSDeja Vu". 
1967". 

Angela Davis , political science 
graduate student, annou -

"Damn! What the ",," My outburst 
startled everyone in the office. Even our 
mascot, Earl the Squirrel , looked up 
from the trash baske t. 

"My typeWriter ribbon ripped. Is there 
anyone not usmg theirs?" They 
answered me by continuing their typing. 

The editor rose from his desk , ready 
to accuse me of more vandalism. "All 
that's left are those old pieces of junk 
piled in the comer behind the 
typesetting machine." With his sardonic 
smile he added , "They haven't bee n 
used since the '60s. Maybe they will 
write your Deja Vu for you." 

Once again I returned to my desk 
trailing more cobwebs. 

Boy, is this an antique . I'U need a 
hammer to type on these keys. Lifting to 
make sure nothing was going [0 crawl 
out from the undercarriage, I saw the 

25C EYE EXAM 
This speCIal Is avaIlable WIth the purchase of soft contact lenses! 

BAUSCH. LOMB 

Extended Wear 
Contacts 

SOFT CONTACTS d~i~:Vwear $95 
COMPLETE O.-T lenses 

NO 
EXTIIA 
COSTS 

Dr, Steven Grossman Optometry HOURS: 
EYf' (jI.I\\4"\ it 0f0)190f'1 "'ITH"' AI\O "",,,,-" .. bk-

( ' ~ 

243 No. Hwy 101 (THE BOARDWALK) SUlle 8 
481·2277 • SOLANA BEACH 

Monday-Saturday 
10:00-6:00 PM 

BOTH 
PACKAGES 

INCLUDE 
'" Eye Exam 
'" Fitting 
'" Follow-Up Visits 
'" Care-Kit 
" II we're not the lowest. 
let us know who lsi" 

CJfef Expires 5/30/84 

brand of UCSD office equipment: 
"Property of UCSD. ot to be removed 
from campus wi thout permiSSion . 
Purchased 1'1 19/ 67 ." That's weird , my 
20th birthday. Enough rellection, the 
deadline waits. 
UCSDcja Vu". 
1967._. 

Angela Davis, politicu l SCIence graduate 
student, announced today the jomling oj 
the Black Student CounCIl. Miss Davis Will 
outlint: the structure and intent oj the 8SC 
ill an intcTVIL'W with the Triton Times 
today. 

Angela DaVIS? "Hey everyone, guess 
who just walked by? Angela Davis." 
. The arts editor looked at me like I 
had just returned from somewhere. 
"Ever since you did that Angela Davis 
cover Story last month, you've had Davis 
on the brain." He's probably right -
back to work or ('II never make the 
deadline. 
1969". 

Herbert Man'usc, famed Marxi.lt arld 
tutor to highly publiCized Angela DaVIS, 
spoke today on Governor Rorlald Reagan's 
proposed fcc macasc -

ple= tum to page 10 

lADY purcha~~f ~~oo or 1D0 ... . l 
• We .Iso honor all 

1030 Torrey Pine. Rd. 
at Herschel 

.... JoUa _ 

Now Ope .. r 
1774 G ..... t "".1:.1 



UCSDejaVu 
W IIUIIU,·t/ jl'Olll pug,' 9 

Herbert Marcusr' What a u.\Y. h rsl 
DavIs, then Marcu e. 1 h.wen·t ' CCIl 
M.lrcuse since he d Ied two }'eJrs ago. 
Wha ? 

I leaped lrom m}' desk, runnmg to thc 
door, but nobod y WJS outsIde . Sl tllng 
down [0 the t}'Pewmer again , 1 picked 
up where 1 had left 01T. 
jar Ihc UC )ystcill . In Wl II1tclVicw with 
Marcusc -

There he is agam! 1 rdiseu my hands 
from the rypewrlter. "Hey, this may 
suund off the wall , but dId anyone sec 
an old man wdlk b}' the door who looks 
JUSt like Herbert Marcuse?" 

"What are you babbling about? You're 
the only one who's been moving around 
lor the last 15 minutes ," sa id th e editor. 
"When a re you gomg 10 Sll down and 
start typing that new column of yours?" 

"I've been Sitting here like a d iligent 
slave, master." 

"What? You've been popping in and 
out like a disappearing act. Ge t 
cranking!" 
he stated that nOI since ehc ocgil1ning oj 
the University Iws Ihere ocel' such u 
dillacor such as Reagan. Murcuse then 
commented -

There he is agaIn! Marcusc. Now it's 
probably my film review of TWilight Zon(' 
that's working a number on me . Well 
Mr. Serhng, here goes. 1 placed my 
hands on the keys ,md began to type 
into time: 

I UI11 Si!!lI1g here ut tins typewriter tryll1g 
to j lgure out whut IS huppenillg. As I type, 1 
darc 110t look up from ehe keys for fcar oj 
what 1 111Ight sec. I ralSt.' Illy head. 

Oh shlt l 
Lifting my hands, 1 appeal 10 my 

edItor again . "LIsten - " 
"You listen ." ow the edItor was 

pIssed. "Stan typing or Deja Vu WIll be 

hl , to r> ." 
B.Kk 10 the ke )" 1 nceu hel p. 

196 7. 
1 "eI"y P"~L'SS(li Plln I , j1l1ll",11'/1I/'''O/,/I,l 

(1I1e1 \(IL'n(f j l'IIOII ,dlOitll', [Lil lie III 1/1(' 
1 mon l Imes "ifilL' 10 will (>11 11111, ' Il m'l'i. 

Tlterc hL' ,onle>, tl1<lt el/d j(/l)1I h II JUt lll ty 
strule, not IVlwt )01' willd£! CXpl'd .1),()1II 1I 
IIIUll oj 77 ·y('(lI's. 011 IllS d<lsSI«111y IwlwlI 
lIOSt' H'St thost' IIldl ·thKII glasses whkh 
Iwlt' "('(tHlI,' " 'Ylllb,,1 e~ Ihe 25,000 /Joob 
hI: has rCcld. "Good eiftanoon, Pn~cssor 
Pucli. " Pro./J/cllI - how do 1 heep typing to 
110Id llIyselj III tillS tllllt' jruml'? "I hupe YOIl 
Llun 't IIl1nd if I wntlllut' to type while we 
talk - it 's CClsit'l' than tailing nOll's." 

"ThCl! is pcrJatly finc . 1 likc prcnslcln. 
You looll jUllullar tel me. Do you helw cI 
youngt'l' /Jrotila?" 

I jorgot 1 Iwd tailel1 one oj PUCc.'l 'S dusses 
whcn I was youngt'l'. "Yuu 're prob<l/J1y 
thin/llng e1' my younger 1)J'(}(hl'l'. He uhvays 
calks <I/JoU! your hrurcs em the jt'Clsihihty 
oj lillll' tra I'd. " 

I nt't'd to cusc into thiS slowly so ht' 
won 't think I'm on ucid. "I huw IJeell 
thinking about your tll11e leu LIre. I have u 
tht'O/Y I'm worning on fur a scit:nct'jldion 
short story." 

"Yes. Tillie travel is very populul' among 
tht' young. EvclY gt'lleration has thost' who 
jed they wat' bom in to the wrong tilllc." 

Line a locksmith , Pucd Iwd qUIckly 
perceived I had somethmg locked Insidt' 111L'. 
I could jed 111111 gently spinnillg thc 
tumblers oj l11y mind. "Suppose I unl " til1le 
lra vela frol11 198-1 who has COI1lt' tel lIe 
hac 110W." 

"Why 19841" 
"Well, you know the who/t' Orwell jCClr 

oj 1984, like the Vle!l1<1m Well' escalatll1g, 
and the goveml11t'nt's rewriting wlwl is 
huppcning ovcr there." 

"All right, let us accept the premlst' that 
you haVt' Vt' lltured here j rolll 198-1. The 
question to explore IS \\Ihy? lj IVt' aSSUl11l' 
tll11e travel IS II1stalHanCOUS, II IS not the 
Joumey through Ihe !lIllescupe, bur Ih t' 
dc:stlnalion which is our goal. Docs one 

HPWEEK 
Introducing 

THE TOUCHSCREEN 
PERSONAL COMPUTER. 
The Hewlett -Packard ISO, 

Talk with 
Hewfett-Packard Sales Reps 

on Wednesday, May 16 

Meet the HP 150 Touchscreen Personal Computer - the easiest-to-Ieam, 
easiest-tcHJse personal computer available today. Touch. It makes sense. To 
operate a personal computer by simply touching the screen. ~r you're 
moving a paragraph with the 'WOrd processor or creating a graph, )OU just 
touch the screen. No complicated commands. No mouse. Just your finger. 

But Hewlett-Packard's engineers didn't stop with the touchscreen. They 
designed the undard system with 2561< of memory; a high-pertormance 8 
MHz 16-8it processor; two RS-232 serial ports, which make adding a printer 
and a telephone modem easy; one HP-/B IIEEE~881 port, for additional 
printers, plotters, disk storage, and more; plus 512 x 390 high-resolution 
graphics. The standard system also includes two 3Y2" high-speed disk drives 
and the popular MS-DOS operating system. 

Stop by the University Bookstore Computer Center for a demonstration on 
the HP 150 Touchscreen computer. You might get in touch with a whole new 
)OU. 
un PrIce: $3995 
HP Week SDK'al: 5299500 SeIv. 5100000. 
"Price valid through l\.1ay 19 A: . 

F/in- HEWLETT SettingYOUf~ .U~ PACKARD lIewlctt·I''Jckard Personal rs 
UlllVERSllY BaaliSlaRE 

COMPUTER CENTER 
The Discount Computer Store 

452-4291 

Il'cil tillS goeil ," LI lelS/lel/l'LllCOr, or" Ihal' 
II I'Wl'" .I (,~ 10 hdl' tlll sw,'r (IllS 4/1C) IIII)I , 
eillow 1Ill' to t 1'1', 11 \ '0 11 (b (I !lllIe ""l'lon'l' 
11'11)11 1'18-1 ." Don ht' sU>IX'd ? 

.. ) c' 1 II w(l lIlel l'e t'el>lt'l' j ll) 1lIl' " Wlw I> 
/JCIlIg 1I11ClVICII 'Cel II,J\\I ~ 

.. '0 Idl nlc, 1I11,1e' 1 198-1 , why hdw YOII 
I'l'IW11t'ellel 1<)6 71 Whell elo \lit' IltlVl' hLTC 
WII «llI/eI lIot (1)/"111 in YOllr oIYn tlllle?" 
- "I ' '' lilt' h''I'e not to tulle , hilt to gil',' . " 

"Oil II II\\! noMt' . The gl'cat WISt' OIlL' jro l11 
thc jUlll n:. How jortLlll ate to haw such c.I 
disllnguishd guest. " 

"Thtlt 's lIot what I I11CtIl1t. It is 
somethlllg 1 jOl"got to give \\Iht'n 1 WilS here 
in the '60s." I sighctl, then 100keLi dOlVn 
and whispered, "Myselj:" 

"For whtll reason?" 
"Guilt. " 
"Now th elT is an unexpected 1110tivation 

jill' til11t' trawl. C"re to e.qJl<lin yourselj?" 
"1 Jeel guilty occuuse during the '60s 1 

,lldl1 't do elnythlilg. Pl'Ople wne stultillg 10 
cure a/Jout the nectlll1g and blet'ding of 
mhas in the world. 11 seemed line everyon,' 
wa committed to sOlllething: tht' lva r, 
pollucion , civil rights, poverty. All I (tired 
u/louc was passing physics and getting laid. I 
didn't think I had any tiling valuullie to give, 
so I lIept it for l11yselj:" 

"So what do you huve now that is l1Iore 
I'(l/ua bit'? " 

"Conlll1itlllenl. " 
"My dear fellow, you cun giw oj yourselj' 

in any time. The '60s had 110 exclusiveness 
Oil wmnlltmenl. " 

"But now I li<lVt' enough 10 give. I CWl 
do what I Wl1 doing now - be a reporter." 

"An inleresting choice. Reporters £Ire 
historiuns. Have you mumed simply to 
raor4 histmy jor the future? Or maybe you 
seck a nobler cu use. Will you return to 
1963 next report , or prevent the 
assassmallon of PresiJcIJ[ Kennedy? A 
reporter is suppost'dlO remain impalliol. 
Can you keep fro 111 meddling in ut/la 
PL'~ple 's 11~L's? " 

But.. .. 
"And who will listen to you? lj' you are 

I Canterbu 
.... 

j W III till' .Il1t lll e, tit ,/! IlIe,1I11 Y"1I ))IlIlt h,' III 
YOIII 1I11e1-JO, /lOll' l'Oll /llll\( IlllolI' wdtl)I" 
·mlly/llg I IY ,~ thl' Ycllll/t · '!'\'t' \'('I'InN . 
tl llyhcldv tllt'l 30.' 1'1111<' 1/'(/I'L'it'l .' IIcII'l' oilly 
lWeI (ll't IOlI ." rllll ' WI clthl'l IlL' <III 1l1I,' 
"IISCI""" (Ii' <I god. Arc nt/Il'l ell the e YOll) 
IIl1ent ?" 

"I Wli J 7 n,IIY I h"ve <I jc,II' I WIll die 
ilejtli't' I ,10 scl l11 t't hlllg oj valut' jor the 
jucLirt' . " 

"S"y YOll wl'lte (I story th,1! Iws the 
potential oj !Jellejitillg people ill the juture. 
Ye<lr ajter ye<lr yo 11 \ViII IVwt tlilXWUSIy tu 
sec: !1 your artlcit' produccd Liny lasting 
e11« ts. Thm by 198-1 you will be 57 years 
old. lj whut you diLl ill 1967 docs nOl tum 
out ".'i you hud hoped, will you return a.'i a 
57 ·yt'ur·old lI1<1n WId try again? Then again 
<IS " 77·year·old llIan?" Pucci rel1loved his 
glasses. "Arc there not L'l1ough of us ht' re 
alrt'",ly?" 

"I don 'I ullderstand." 
"Do you think time travelers celn only 

l110ve buckwards?" 
"Art' you telling me you arc a traveler 

from the past?" 
"Docs it matter? We art' afta £III just 

discussing lht'orit's hac, right?" 
Ht' replaced his glasses. "I suffer Jools 

poorly. The Jool docs not recogniZe his own 
value. He fantasizes of beller limes and 
placcs. Has there t'ver ocen, or will thelT 
ever be a pelfeet time? WOOt occur, in your 
time is not random . You mune the choice 
when 10 be of value." He extCllded his 
hemu. "It is getting late jor both of us. I 
thank you jor this time togt'lhcr. Now we 
should both return home." 

I took Pucci 's hand, rose from my desn 
and escorted him to the door. "I wonder if 
we will meet again?" 

"Only time will tell," he Said, tongue in 
chet'k. 

Panic! My typewriter! Am 1 stuck in 
1967?! 

I dashed back to my typewrita and 
placed my hands Oil the neys. The lellers T, 
I, M, E vibrated beneath my fingers . 
1 .. . 9 .. . 

1011 Camino Del Mar, Suite 108, Del Mar / 481-6739 

Now Offers 
• Complete Skin Care & MakeUp Techniques 
• Manicures , Pedicures & Sculptured Nails 

Classes available. 

Hair Design Special 
Women's Style $17 

Me 11 's Style $14 
(ilrs( (line onl)' - lil11 ) 

!-SOFT CONTACT LENSES 
In 
most c"ses 

INCLUDES: 
Contact lenses, examination, 
patient training, follow up, 
chemical care kit and fitting, 
EXTENDm WEAR LENSES 
ONLY $165.00 

THE CLASSICAL EYE 
DR. ROBERT HELLER OPTOMETRIST 

La Joll" Village Square 
(InSide the Mall; Lower Level ) 

8657 Villa La Jolla Drive. Suite 136 
451-7374 

Hydrocurve extended wear lenses available. 

Scars-Temple 
Diet 

By RONAHU 
[t was a warm December day in 

Hollywood, just over a year ago, and [ 
was having lunch at Trader Vic's with a 
dear friend of mine, whom I'll call 
Christie. She is a world· famous model , 
whose face and perfect figure grace the 
cover of many a magazine, but of course 
we can't mention her real name or she'd 
sue us. On this occasion, we were 
chatting easily about the weather, gossip 
and good places to get sushi, when my 
eyes strayed enviously to her 22·inch 
waist. "How," I sighed , "did you get to 
be so trim, so sexy, so, so .. . hip?" It was 
a rhetorical question, and) didn't really 
expect an answer, but what she said 
CHANGED MY UFE. 

Hollywood's secret "My friend ," she 
smiled, picking a bit of lettuce fro~ her 
teeth, "[ wasn't always this way. [ wasn't 
always the beautiful, elegant, sought-after 
model I am now. Once, not long ago, ) 
was a hopeless case .... I was hip , but in 
a different way .. . I couldn't sit in 
annchairs, if you get my drift." 

1 gasped. "You? You were FAT?!!! " 
She stabbed my ann with her escargot 

piCk. "Shhh ... not so loud ," she said , 
and continued with her story. "Yes, I 
was once a whopping 200-pounder, and 
more. ) was fat, I was tacky, 1 was 

The UCSD Bike Shop will 
furnish transportation 

To the Tecate starting line 
and 

From the Ensenada finish 
line 

Transportation of body and 
bike: $35 

SOcially inept," her voice dropped to a 
whisper. "And 1 listened to Abba." 

[ gasped again , but she continued. ") 
was uncool, and I knew it. The hippest 
thing about me was that 45-inch mass 
below my waist ... but what could 1 do? I 
tried diet after diet with no success. 
And [ couldn't be stylish, because they 
don't even make Calvins in that size. ) 
was so desperate) almost resorted to ... " 

The Rewlation: "r 0 suicide?" ) 
gasped, hyperventilating a little from all 
this gasping. 

"T 0 watching the Richard Simmons 
Show," she said. "Don't look so shocked; 
[ told you 1 was desperate . But then my 
dearest friend, a Grammy-winning 
Singer whose name 1 can't mention, 
came to the rescue. He had heard of a 
famous German doctor, Pierre 
LeCouaque, who had a supersecret, very 
exclusive weight loss p lan for last·d itch 
cases like mine. So ) went to Switzerland 
(where he was hiding out because of a 
child-molesting charge) and was put 
under the care of Dr. LeCouaque. And 
in a few weeks, ) was the glamorous 
creature you see before you." 

The Key. "What did he do to you?" 1 
asked eagerly. 

please !Urn 10 page 12 

MAY 20 
Load up at 4:30 aDl 

Leave at 5:00 aDl 

Tickets may be purchased 
the the Bike Shop. 



II 

WARREN 
INIERNSHIP 

Commuter Students 
can apply for the 1984-85 

Warren Dean's Commuter Intern 
poSition. Work 10-12 paid hours per 
week. Applications now open until 

May 21 st. Pick up referral at the 
Student Employment Office. 

Warren College Commuters are preferred. 
For more information call Dar. Butcher 

at 452-6171 . 

IMMIGRATION 
Forma' I.NS. ~ with 11 yean 

experience will henck 011 Immigration .... tters, 
indudin" 

• PennIMt1t raldcncc 
• H .... llut1on 
• TanporIfY WOlle vIsu 
• Asylum 
• Student vila 
• DcporUtIon 
• Labor ccrtlflcdon 

We provide reasoneble ratlS & (tu initlol 
consultation. For more Information call, 

Robert Kent 
... ......, .. ...-

73<4 Seventh Awnue, Sen Ole,o, CA 92101 
696-0955 

When you're in a tight spot, 
good friends will heIp)GU out. 

When you pulled in two hours ago, you didn 't 
ha\'e this problem. And with a party just starting, 
the last thing you wanted to do was 
wait around another two hours. 

Neither did the re t of the guys. 
• 0 when they off >red to give you 

a lift, that 's exactl y what they did. 
proving not only that they were 
in good shape, but that they 
were good friends. 

So show them what appn:cia-
tion is all about. -l(might, I ,t it 
be Liiwcnbrau. 

Lowenbrau. Here's to good friends. 
1983 Beer Brewed In US A by Miller Orewlng Co Milwaukee WI 

Diet 
LlIIIII/IlI",1 Jl!ltll I"'g" II 

She beckoned me closer, and with the 
voice of a cocaine dealer at a PTA 
meeting, said, "I teU you thiS only 
because you are my closest and most 
trusted friend (next to a member of 
British royalty whose name I can't 
mention) and because," as she pointed 
to my overflowing gauchos. "you look 
like you could use some help in the 
'hip' depanment too. 

"Now Dr. LeCouaque knew that, no 
matter what diet I was on, I would fail. 
Cambridge Diet, Beverly Hills Diet, 
Nicaraguan Death Squad Diet... aU were 
doomed to failure . The problem simply 
was that I loved to eat; the problem was 
in my brain , not in my stomach. So any 
cure for my condition would have to 
start with my brain ." 

"Hormones?" I asked . 
"No, silly," she laughed. 

"Neurosurgery. Appetite is, after all, 
controlled by a very smaU gland at the 
base of your brain called the 
hypothalamus. A snip here , a snip there. 
and all your problems are solved. Dr. 
LeCouaque will even throw in extras at 
no cost - since my lobotomy, I don't 
worry about a thing. I don't have a care 
in the world ." 

"But isn't that dangerous?" I asked. 
"Not at all," she assured me. "All of 

Dr. LeCouaque's work has a lifetime 
guarantee. And it's painless too, under 
heavy anesthesia. I think you should 
give it any." 

Works for E~ryone: At her urging, I 
wrote to Dr. LeCouaque (who was now 
hiding out in Bolivia) and asked for 
more information . I found OUt that he 
had since been joined by the renowned 
British scientist Taku Takitake, who 
could rewire whatever Dr. LeCouaque 
had taken out - behavior modification 
at its best. I agreed to a short, trial 
operation for free , to see how I felt 
about neurosurgery. 

After that operation , I was completely 
convinced that I wanted the complete 
works. 

It 's been a year, and I look and feel 
great. I have absolutely no desire to eat 
anything other than what I was 
programmed to eat. I look so good that 
myoid friends don't recognize me 
anymore (which is fine, because I don't 
recognize them either). What's more, a 
litde surgery in the frontal lobes has 
enabled me to join the Hollywood Jet 
Set. I now date famous actors and rock 
stars (whose names I can't mention), 
something I only dreamed of doing 
before. In fact, I am now doing all the 
things I used to dream about 
(convenient, because I don't dream 
anymore). 

Now It Can Work For YOU: Since Dr. 
LeCouaque and Dr. Takitake have now 
relocated to Mexico, their services are 
available FOR THE ARST TIME EVER 
TO THE AMERICAN PUBUC. That's 
right , the secret of the stars, available to 
anyone. It will change your life JUSt as it 
changed mine, and Christie's, and 
people too numerous and famous to 
mention! SEND IN TODAY for more 
information. (Prices vary depending on 
size of brain and extent of necessary 
surgery.) 

Expensive? In a way, yes - costs 
average about $20,000 for a typical case. 
But don 't you think that a new, fabulous 
figure and glamorous lifestyle are worth 
it? And haven't you already spent almost 
that much on useless and frustrating 
diets and diet aids? 

Best of aU, the initial, trial 
neurosurgery is absolutely free . What 
have you got to lose? If you decide 
afterwards to go for the works (and we 
know you will) remember that there is a 
complete, money-back guarantee for the 
lifetime of your brain. If, at any time, 
you aren 't completely happy with your 
neurosurgery and subsequent weight loss 
Coften there is even immediate weight 
loss during urgery) you will get your 
money back, or Dr. LeCouaque wil redo 
the opera u n at no cost. But we know 
you'll be happy with the operation , and 
With everylhll1g elsc We make sure of 
It. 

May 10, 1984 13 

Political boycott supersedes 
another Olympic Games 
By THOMAS RANKIN 

Iran. Nicaragua. And now the 
OlympiC Games. Nearly fou r years after 
his return to the peanut plantation. 
Jimmy Carter is still letting America and 
its allies down . His lack of foreign 
poli<.:y encouraged the Soviets to invade 
Afghanistan, and his "protest" of that 
Invasion , the boycott of the 1980 
Games, has come home to roost. 
Witness the politicization of sport: an 
egregiOUS loss for athletes and fans.alike. 

The official Soviet announcement that 
they would not attend the '84 Los 
Angeles Olympics eschews the word 
"boycott," and sources inside the US R 
insist that the move is not one of 
revenge (utterances that may be 
calculated not to hinder the presidential 
aspirations of fo rmer Carter VP Walter 
Mondale). but no matter. The result is 
the same: a corruption of the Olympics 
that will render medals in most fields 
vinually meaningless. 

The list of casualties is long and will 
get longer still after Soviet-aUied 
countries join the exodus (some 60 
nations tagged along with the Carter 
boycott in '80). Notable losses include: 
Vladimir Salnikov, winner of two gold 
medals in swimming during the 1980 
Summer Games; Anatoli Pisarenko, 
world champion super-heavyweight 
weightlifter; Tamara Bykova, world 
record-holder in the women's indoor 
and outdoor high jump; and Sergie 
Bubka, a man the New Yom Times caUs 
"the world's leading pole vaulter." 

With so many top athletes from the 
Eastern Bloc absent, the LA Games 
can not possibly rate as a world-class 

. competitive event . It now appears that 
this year's OlympiCS will be a dismal 
repeat of the 1980 Games, when the 
pullout by the US and its supporters 
seriously weakened competition and 
spread resentment and bitterness 
throughout the Soviet Bloc and the 
athletic world . 

An indkation of how seriously these 
consecutive pullouts have damaged the 
Olympics is evident in the results of the 
1980 Games. In that year the top five 
nations in terms of the number of 
medals taken home were the Soviet 
Union , East Germany, Bl,llgaria. Hungary 
and Puland . Together, these nve 

garnered a tota l of 426 medals, but if 
things go as expected, none of them will 
even compete in Los Angeles this 
summer. ExpeltS postulate that only 
field hockey, equestrian and 
synchronized swimming events will be 
left unscathed by the withdrawal. 

The use of the OlympiCS as a political 
tool can be traced throughout its history. 
One spectacular backfire occurred in 
1936 whe n American black Jesse Owens 
took a record four gold medals home in 
the face of Nazi elfons to prove "Aryan 
superioriry. " 

More recently, things staned ofT smaU 
and ballooned to their current disastrous 
proponions. In 1968, twO American 
athletes competing in the Mexico City 

Games took the gold and silver in the 
LOO-yard dash and, as they stood on the 
platform to receive their medals, raised 
black-gloved hands in protest of racism 
against Blacks. 

During the 1972 Munich Games. 
Palestinian tertorists killed II Israeli 
athletes in a highly publicized seige. A 
group of African nations boycotted the 
1976 OlympiCS, again in protest of 
discrimination of Blacks, and, in 1980, 
the US boycotted the Moscow Games 
because of the Afghanistan invasion. It 
has been noted that while this new 
trend towards boycotts has put the 
Olympics itself Into jeopardy, none of 
the problems being "protested" has been 
alleviated by the practice. 

While the USSR firmly denies that its 
move is political, Muscovites have told 
Western journalists that the resentment 
over the Caner boycott still lingers. The 
Soviets' stated reasons are fear of 
security problems and the maunderings 
of splinter anti-Soviet political activists 
who have now taken "credit" for the 
Soviet pullout. A cumbination of factors 
seems to have contributed to the 
withdrawal, but with roots firmly in 
political soil. The fact that the puUout 
was announced the same day on which 
the Olympic torch began its trek across 
the US indicates no smaU amount of 
premeditation in the action. 

In the US, where our Olympic teams 
please tLim to page 1 'I 

tends to see the underrated position of UCSD's standing. 

Water polo 
towels off 

tournament in the most tense game 01 the season . Their 
first meeting resulted 111 sudden death ovenime in which 
the -anta Barbara team was able to pull out a victory. At 

ationals, the game W.lS a lmost an instant replay. The 
UCSD tcam was agall1 defeated by only one. point, 9-8, 
only this game did not go into ovenime. And the contest 
really seemed to sap the Will 01 the T TllOns tu take the 
aggressive stance against teams more at their level. 

In the second game , agamsl the Air Force Academy, 
UCSD playcd well below ItS pOtential. Flat play aUowed 
the Air For!.:e wimmer to tay in the game when they 
really shuuld nut have been in It al all . The game wound 
up in a discouraging 6-all tie lor the Truons. 

However, in returning on Sunday for their final game 
against Stanford , the Tritons seemed to reven back to 
their "flat" play. Stanford is not a particularly highly 
ranked team and was weU within the realm of UCSD's 
power to dominate this team. Unfortunately, once the 
Tritons got going they could not keep their opponent 
lrom coming after them. In the IInal quarter. UCSD was 
ahead by three goals. All they rea II}' had to do was play 
some strong defense , and the game was in the bag But 
they feU apart. allowing Sl<\n('ord to score and end the 
match tied at 12. 

By ROBERT GEYER 
rhe U SD women 's wa ter polo tcam ended ItS season 

Ilbt weeke nd al the National Women's Water polo 
[ournamenl. It was a less thlln perlect Hni h but not a 
wholly negative one, a~ the TTltons took Idth place III the 
tournament with a record 01 0-2-2. 

-10 ~ t.m the lOurn<lment o lf on Frtd.IY, UC:.D had ,I 
relll.Ltd1 again -t the Pl)\\'crhousc 01 U ,ml<\ Barb,lm 
te.lln . U :.B was [he te,11ll thc Tritons lost to III their home 

I heir third game was on ',ItUrdllY, and the I1tght's re ~t 
h.ld re,llly done Ihe I mons somc good. They were 

·br.lcketed 10 pia}' the Davi A team Dal'ls A wound up 
WI nl1tng the tournament i3Ut thc 1 mons re.llly pbycd 
well, a they kl' pt the g.unc do e ,md were .Iblc to hang 111 
to the VCIY end , Inslng by on ly 9-7. ThIS W,IS,\ remark.\blc 
,Khll:vell1cnt lor a learn whll.h hlll;,hed 111 ldth pl.lcc. 
glvmg such .1 good game to the cvcntual ch.lmpi )11 . One 

The Tritons' outstanding season overall was nowhere 
ncar ruined by their mediocre nl1lsh . Two players. Didi 
:'tell1hul1' andJenn}' Hahn received All-American honors. 
ThiS year's teolm has done more than .my other team in 
UC 'D's hiStory, as it went from a SOC ial club to a team. 
Durtng the scason . they he.\( su h powers as San Diego 
-t.tte anti Industry Hills. Under the guidancc of coach 
Denny Harper, this IS a growlI1g tC.lm that will be a lorce 
III the luture . As for now. they can look back with pride on 
wh,\l they have accompli hed this cason. 



'" 

" 

Tritons to pedal SLO Boycott 
" 1111111111 ''/ J'I'III I) I '~r I.l 

By MARl DART 
This weekend . th I: U ::.D c)'C1l ng 

tcam will tCSI li S sln:ngth . I:ndurance 
and blkc handlll1g C.'pJbllllles against 
the best collegl.llc nder!> 111 the state Jt 
the olleglJte )'cllng ch,lInplon"hlps J t 
'an LUIS OblSpCl. Wllh -trong tcam 
placll1g!> gOing 111[0 the dMmplonshlps. 
UC -D could pbce well ,lgJlI1st tC,lIns 
uch .IS U -B. Stanlord and CII 

Berkdq 
Coach Tom Celllc}·. optlml"tlcall), 

looks hH\\".Jrd ill the tC.lm periormlllg 
well this weekend . "With thI: strength 01 
the expen team and the conS istent 
performance 01 the nO\'lee and women. 
we should do rC~III)' well thiS weekend ." 

The teall1 consists of three e:ltl:gones. 
expcn men (whn mu t bl? .It least "Cl1lor 
3 category racn!> by US F IIcen~ed 
smndards): novice men: and womcn 
Be-:ause 01 the large number 01 nOVice 
men . they a re spi ll Into tWO groups to 
reduce thc chJnlcs 01 colli Ions. [ach 
ca tegory VIC!> lor 200 a\',lIlahlc pOi nt ' III 
ItS specific nile . Thc hlgh l?r the pl.lling. 
the more points awarded. Alter all races 
arc completcd . the IOta I of each race Will 
give th..: fll1JI te,un standll1g. 

!kcause 01 thiS s}" tem 01 "conng. , I 
large team. such as UC Sant,l B.!rbar,\. 
h,IS it great advanmge. "It I" lLlugh ndlng 
.Ig,llnSt teams like UCSB .lI1d Stanlord 
hecause of the shen number 01 pI:oplc 
the} place In their I'll:es:' says team 
mcmher Anne Klell1 ", at only <He thcy 
,Ible to use more effective tactics, their 
numbers alone will keep mhers lrom 
plJcll1g." oVlce nder Jclger K.llmlJn 
agrees: "In the women's raccs, UCSB 
,.II1d Stanford always have at least five 
nders out thae_ When )'OU are riding 

Complex Calculations 
Have Never Been 
So Easy. 

The HP-71 

Trust your complex 
calculations to the HP-71. 
A special built·in calculation 
mode takes control to give 
you fast solutions. Key in 
your equation as easily as 
you read it - from left to right. 
And, program in BASIC, For 
solutions the easy way, get 
the HP·71. 
List Price $525 
NOW $399 

r~~ HEWL.ETT 
1L'7".JI PACKARD 

UNIVERSITY 
BOOKSTORE 
COMPUTER 

CENTER 
The Discount Computer Store 

452-4291 

Alex Olander, dubbed "Rookie or the Season." 

t;f)MI~£' 
~ TTI;l~CTlf)~J 

4{j 7 1• ~~c;J~ 
Introductory SpeclaL 

. witlr tillS ad only 

12 Haircuts 
"'L.J,.#' for students 

u'itl, selected hairstylists 
regularly $22 (women), SlY (men ) 

Nails 
s, Irlpllrl'ed l\'uils, reg. $4(), 11011' $25 
FIII.\, I'~i!.. S20, /10/1 ' $ / 5 
. '''mil'lll'''.', reg. S7. 11(1/1' 55 
I'nl il'lly('." reI(. ' 16. 110/1' $ 12 
fir Iiel/,· lI'",p, reg. :5 J 4. 1101(> $12 

8950 "iIIl1 LtJ jo/la Dr. 
S uite /1 22 

I-AI j,)/llI , ClI. 92037 
Offer exp;l'e<~ 5 / 16/ 8<1 

kinko's copies 
• Binding • Folding 

• P.lport Photo. 
1155 Villa La Jolla Drive 

,tiell1c. It IS h,lrd III work ,lgalnSt that. 
,IIlU \\'hI:n L - l3 hJS 12 ridas I n the 
Imlll el l the: pack, thcy control the racc ." 

I)espltc thiS drawb.lCk, UC -I) hob 
ma naged to dll veT}' well due 10 thc 
qu,llity III Ib rldcrs . I \\In weekends ago 
In ~.lIlta Cruz. UC -I) lllanJged to pick 
up Itve phICl'S With on ly eight rider, At 
C"U DOlll lllgue:: Hills , U - -D wept the 
r,ICl· . with the dllscst team trailing by 
,)Vcr l50 PUlntS. L.n wcekend . 111 ,lI1ta 
l3Jrb,\ra. c.~pen Alex 01anda Illanaged 
to breJk J\\ ,ly lrom .I highly compcri[lvc 
neld , and pl'I(": second - 30 econds 
,IIK.ld 01 thc m.lIn pack. "cn Clull won 
the nelVl(e B~ Jnd Mik.: Ruby placed 
Si xth In thc nov ICC 1\". l)phomore Alex 
OIJnder hJ'; c<\s ti}' proven hllllsell In thc 
collegiate Circuit ,b the "rookie of the 
season" by consistcntly placing ill the 
top three of JII the nov ice races and 
co ntlllLllng to win after he moved into 
rhc expen diVISion. 

There will bc three events thiS 
weekend al Sa n Luis Obispo. On 
atLtrd,\)' mornll1g, there Will be a [lille 

trial , which IS stric tly a racc against the 
dock. Expert UCSD racer Todd SWitzer 
i lavored to win this event bec,\u e of 
his cl\lremcly strong rllne trial abilitlcs. 
In the afternoon, thcre Will be a road 
rale on a greuling and hilly course. 
illvicc mcers Rub} and Kalmijn , along 

\\'llh expcn racer Olander, have strong 
c1imblllg abilltlcs ,lI1d should lare well. 
On -unda}', the re Will be a criterium. 
Th", IS .\ shon circuit race - with 
several one milc laps. "Primes" are 
awardcd at pecinc laps which Will give 
a chance to acquire points without 
actually placing 111 the final Sprint. 

,lIld 1.lctiitll:s MC supPllrtcd hy pnvatl.: 
finanCing. thc pulioul Clluld POlcntl,\lIy 
have d ls..btrOuS conscque nccs lor groups 
such ,IS A13C -ports , the Los Angeles 
OlympIC Organl:lI1g COllllllltteC 
(LAUOC) anu the thoLlsand" u f 
speclawrs who hJI'e purchased IIckcrs 
(org,\I1lzer.; say th ,1[ no refunds are in 
the olltng). 

Al3C s.:ems to bc fairly wcll covered , 
with p,l},mcnt reduClic1l1S to , the LAOOC 
il ccmlln teams pullout and Insurancc 
co emgc If thc G.lI11CS are reduced In 
scopc or canceled. The Los Angeles 

hamhcr of COl11merce doesn't sec the 
pullout a, Irrecon~llabl)' climinallng 
InCOllle pmcnual , and LAOO chall'lnan 
I'Jul Llnrcn said that adjustlncnts would 
he mad~ th,ll would allow the Gamcs to 
nperJte at a "reasonable prohl." 

Ultimatcly, howcver, speculallon about 
thc political and f'inancial ramifications 
of th.: withdrawal pale 111 comp,Ulson to 
what the boycott spree means to this 
.md all future OlympiCS. History books 
will no doubt asterisk the '80 and '84 
G,llnes wllh thc notarion that the results 
were VOided by "political machll1atlons ," 
but the: chilling qucslIon that must b~ 
a, ked is: If thi s trcnd contll1ues, how 
much longer Will the world even bother 
to go through the motions 01 lighting 
the OlympiC rorch) 

Ti/lll'S sPOrts columnist Davc 
Anderson suggests that rhc OlympICS be 
spltt up, event by event, s ite by si te. He 
note -, " [I nothing else. separate Sites 
would elimll1<Jre thc international 
poillics Involvll1g a Summcr Games' host 
nation. eparJtc sitcs, of course, would 
detract from the pageantry of the 
Olympics at o ne site. But that pageantry 
is now as hollowly hypocritical as the 
Olympics thcmselves." 

BUD LIGHT 
BEER 

UCSD ATHLETE OF THE MONTH 
MIKE O'LAUGHLIN 
Men's Golf Team 

Mike O 'Laughlln, recent recipient of the Bud Llght/UCSD Athlete of the Month 
Award fcx April, certainly seems to have the world by the tail as of late, 

The Junior swinger from Arcadia has been on a hot streak that defies 
explanation, As the emerging young star on Mike 'MIdra's nationally 
competitive men's golf team, Olaughlin has bettered his 0\Nn personal low 
round total not once ... not IwIce ... but three times in the last month, 

The smooth-swinging Electrical Engineering major with a near perfect 3.9 
grade-polnt average, shot a 73 at the tough Torrey Pines South layout early in the 
month ... dropped that mark a couple of more notches with a solid 71 at Tijuana 
CC in a three-way match against Division I opponents USC and Western 
Mltlgan ... and then two days later smoked another ali-time low, 70 at 
'M1lspering Palms Country Club. At Whispering Palrns, Mike ripped an equally 
Impressive 368 5-round total that averaged out at 73.60 strokes per round. 

Led by O 'Laughlin's outstanding play, the Men's team recently captured the 
prestigious team championship trophy at the So, California Intercollegiate Golf 
Championships, Next week, Coach Wydra will take his team to compete In the 
NCAA-Division III Championships at Syracuse, New York and If our buddy Mike 
O'Laughlin keeps dropping putts like he has, you might expect even more ice-
cold Bud Lights to be hoisted In his honor on the plane ride home. 

Briag oal your bes'~ 

May 10, 1984 15 
~PORTS 
~ . ,'.' . -) . '~'. ~. ~, . .' 

----Sports Spots 

UCSD track 
The Triton track squad Iil1lshcd ItS 

season last Saturday Without a hJng. but 
some exceptional pcrformances gave the 
team an extrJ boost 01 optimism lor the 
upcoming Dlstrlcr Championships . 

The men competed .It Point Loma 
ollcge agall1s t the host team and the 

San Diego Athltttic Association. but 
entered only seven events. "This meet 
isn 't as important as next week's, so 
we're saving our people ," said coach 
Andy Skief, refernng to the 
champions hips on May l2. On the slow, 
sti cky surface, the top performances 
came from Chris Bowlus, Paul Barkes 
and Pat Huotl. Bowlus sped through the 
l 500 meters, winning in 3:54.36, which 
misses the National qualifying mark by 
one second. Barkes also st rode to 
victory in the 3000-meter steeplec hase, 
finis hing in 10:04 .7, followed ten 
second s later by fellow Triton Doug Doi , 
In third place . In the 800, Pat Huolt 
netted third place 111 a swift 1:57.8, 
putting him within a second of the 
UCSD record. In the field events, 
record-holder Peter Lund won the 
javelin wi th a tOSS of 178', and Alex 
Landon cleared 6'112" to take third In the 
high jump. Tom Kim, holder of UCSD's 
pole vault record , took third in his 
specia lty with a l)' effon. 

The women ventured to UC Irvine for 
the New Balance In vi tational, where 
several athletes set seasonal bests. 
Freshman distance star Erica 
Rothenburger qualified for the Nationals 
in the 3000, with a time of LO: 18.4. 
Howeve r, since she normally competes 
in the l500, UCSD will have to file a 
petition to ensure her entry into that 
mcel. Two-Iappe rs Beth Paine and 
Robin Robertson set personal records in 

the 800 , with respective marks of 2: 19.4 
and 2:26 . Paine's tllne falls just a second 
short of the ational qualifying 
standard . Sprinter Stephame Schulz fell 
victim to illness, and the ve rsatile Molly 
Wheatley stayed 111 San Diego to score 
4240 points in a heptathlon - a 
formidable total , only 60 points short of 
the Nationals. (Wheatley could posstbly 
enter that event if the field IS suffiCie ntly 
sma ll .) 

With next week 's district meet , the 
Tritons will be attempting to better thc lr 
marks and field a solid cont ingent for 
the DIVision 1Il Championships later 
th is mon th . 

- Lance Beman! 

USA women's volleyball 
International competition 

will return to San Diego on 
Wednesday. May 16. 1984 . 
when the USA Women's 
National Volleyball Team 
takes on Japan in the 
Michelob Light Friendship 
Cup. This best three-out-of-
five game competition 
hosted by San Diego State 
University, will be held- in 
Peterson Gymnasium at 7:30 
pm . 

The USA women , currently 
ranked 111 the top threc in 
the volleyball world, are 
favored to capture thei r first 
OlympiC medal ever at the 
1984 Summcr Games in Los 
Angeles. The USA squad 
features such standouts as 
6'5" Flo Hyman. the tOP 
hitlcr in the world; Rita 
Crockett, a strong all -around 
player with an amazing 40" 
vertical leap: and 5'4" 
Debbie Green, the talented 
setter or "quarterback" of the 
team. This team tS 
automatically qualifIed lor 
the '84 Olymp iCS as a 
represcntanve of the host 
country. 

Japan has one o f the most successful women 's volleyball teams in the history of 
international volleyball. The Japanese have won o r finished second in every OlympiC 
Games since the sport was introduced in 1964, except In 1980, when they chose not 
to panicipale in Moscow. The Japanese are a constant threat due to their high level of 
ski lls and tremendous disc lphne. They are quick, strong and smart. Their defense , 
especia lly the flying saves and rally-extending "digs," has thr illed many a spectator. At 
thc net. Japan runs a preciSio n quick attack as we ll a ' any teJm 111 the world . 

'Japan is a powerful rival ," ays USA coac h Anc Seltnger. "Our upcoming march 
should not onl y provide outstanding volleyball OmpClItlOn , but also a good preview 01 
the 1984 ummcr Olympic Games." 

I'OR SAT ... : 
Daydreams 
l'antal)' 
Myths 
Legends 
Illusions 
r~ments of 
Imagination 

We've got them all, 
and then some! That 
1ncludes all your 
favorite Marvel comics, 
as well as Marvel back-

(J) issues, paperbacks, 
'll 

~ posters, collectors' 
~ items and much more, 
l> 
z 
i Browsers welcome! 

The Comic Gallery 
4224 00 I boa Ave. 

San DieQo, CA 92117 
(corner of 0a15oa & C1airemont DrJ 

- Next to Food Oasket -
(619) 483·4853 

Copyrq,r 01'1&4 MoIveI Comoa G-cup 
A llMsIon of Cadence ndu<n>es Corp. 

AlI~r~ 

KDJ.ER 
TEAM BADMINTON 

(L to R) Christina Ng, Uoyd Chen. Paul Robinson, Karen DeMoor, 
Here's a sport that doesn'l get much recognition at UCSD. But !'Nery Monday 
nighlln the Main Gym one can experience some lopnotchandsome nol-so-top-
notch badmlnton. Killer came Into last Monday night's match with an impressIVe 
23-1 record. their opponent. SAMC, had won 21 games and lost only 3 so the 
meeting was to be an extremely compelet1ve, close scoring battle between the 
two team badminton ~rhouses. But nooo... the Killer instinct prevailed.. 
winning all 8 games by an average score 0115-4. The lact thai Chen and Co, are 
all alumni 01 badminlon super-school Gunn High In Palo Alto may Axplain tholr 
lopsided victories on Monday nlghts, Then again, it may not. 

., 

-

.. 



.:. . . .... ... ... ., ". . ., . "'. . ~ '" 

C,."". ..... SSI FI EDS 
Classified advertising space Is said In 
100 character Increments. Each letter, 
punctuation mark and space between 
words is considered a character, with 
capital letters counting as two 
characters. The rate Is $1.00 per 100 
characters for students and $3.00 per 
100 characters for non-students. You 
must come by the ottlce or mall In your 
ad, as we require payment in advance 
of publication. Deadlines: 5 pm 
Tuesday for Thursday's paper; 5 pm 
Friday for Monday's paper. For more 
Information, call 452-3466. The 
Guardian, UCSD, 6-016, La Jolla, CA 
92093. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 

Performers. food, folk art, displays, ideas, 
energy for Cultural Fest. Rochel45 7 -0541 
or AS offices. (5/24) 
Democrats - There is an alternative to 
Hart and Jackson. Come to the 1 st 
organizational meeting of Students for 
Mondale, Tuesday, May 15 in the Multi-
Purpose Room in the Student Center. Go 
with a winner. (5/14) 
Alaska Summer Jobs - Good money$$. 
Parks, Fisheries, wilderness resorts, 
logging and much more. .. Summer 
Employment Guide. 198L1 listings. $4.95. 
NorthQuest, 300 Union Ave, Bldg. 12 
Campbell, CA 95008. (5/ 10) 
INSURAINCE WAR! We'll beat any price or 
we don't want your bUSiness. Call 286-
1135. Request UCSD Plan. (5/17) 
Wanted: Watermelon Queen. Reward: 
$50. If found, please turn In at Revelle 
Prov.'s Ofc. by 6/4. (5/ 17) 
It's coming! It's comlngl It's coming! it's 
coming! Come join us In the Delta 
Gamma Splash May 12. (5/10) 
Want to work on AS programming next 
year? (shows, films, etc .) Good 
experience. Rachel 457-0541 ASAP 
(5/24) 
Come get wet With the DG's at the Delta 
Gamma Splash on May 121 (5/10) 
Get wet, Wild, and crazy at the Delta 
Gamma Splash on May 141 (5/14) 
Interested In managing your own 
business? Find out how It'S done from 
someone who does. Come to the 
Society of Women Engineers meeting, 
Thurs. May 10, 6:00 pm, 2102 Urey Hall 
(5/10) 

FOR SALE 

76 Dodge Colt, runs great, new paint 
and tires, good gas mileage. 1500 or 
best ask for Nick 453-4093. (5/10) 

r---------------I JOSTEN'S I I Super Saver I 
Coupon : 

Bring thi coupon to the 
Bookstore and ave $25 on 

14K Gold or $15 on any 10K 
Gold Ring. 

The Jo ten 's Repre!>entattve wi ll be at 
the Book tore May 9. 10, & II . 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

()JJ r CXpl//" I 
•• .J lill /. I 
.. --------------~ 

SURFBOARD, twin fin, ex condition, ultra-
light, 5'9", fast & maneuverable! $95.454-
3410. (5/14) 
Motorcycle: HONDA Twinstar 10 miloge: 
great cond'n super roodblke $6750.b.o. 
+ helmets 450-9048. ( 5/24) 
Are your feet tired from walking Thi rd 
College to Revelle? Treat yourself to 
Inexpensive relief. Ca ll 272-0356. (5/10) 
77 Trans am, ac/ps/ pb/ pw, $800 stereo, 
new block, centerlines, runs and looks 
great, must sell, $3700 or best offer, Steve 
453-9719. (5/14) 
Fender Jaguar w/ case 64 $250, Peavy 
130w combo bass amp - best offer. 
Peavy P-40 Boss - best. 454-2342. (5/ 10) 
Camaro Classic '70 Rally Sport: 350, 
automatic. power brakes & steering, AC. 
Top condition inside and out. One 
owner. Full seNice records. $2690. Phone 
295-0258. (5/10) 
78 WV Bus Clean, Strong running. 83k 
miles. Must Sell! Asking $3,500. Offer/ Bill 
755-7468. (5/10) 
Queen size waterbed with 6 drawer 
pedestal and headboard $250 or best 
etter. Revere cookware for sale. Call 
Howard or Marci at 454-2839.481 -3032 
or leave a message at 454-2815. (5/14) 
HP-41CV with time module, case and all 
manuals included. Call Vincent 453-
6872 and give your bst ofr. (5/10) 
Motorcycle - Honda 350 economical. 
reliable, fun. $375 John B. evenings or 
weekends 455-5240 or 452-2598. (4/15) 

WANTED 

Daughters 18 and over of d ivorced 
homosexual and heterosexual mothers 
needed for research study. Only 2-3 hrs. 
of your time needed. All Is confidential. 
Call 459-2100 leave message for Julie. 
Please help! (5/1 4) 
Need some scholarship money next 
year? The ALBA'80 Scholarship Society is 
looking for Mexican-American queen 
candidates. Winner will represent the 
organization and reign CNer the Black & 
White Ball. Candidates must be 18-25 
years old . Contact x3493 for 
applications. (5/14) 
Wol')dstock did you go? InteNiews 
needed. Call 453-0033. (5/14) 
Crew persons needed for local & 
worldwide trips. Call American Sailing 
Association at 273-3013. (5/1 7) 
New restaurant close to school needs 
wa itpersons, buspersons, cooks. cashier, 
hostess. Apply in person. Friday. May 11 , 
from 10-2. Your Palace, 3282 Governor 
Dr .. University City (near Big Bear). (5/10) 
Employment Opportunity. Wanted: Part-
time editor/ typist. preferably with word 
processing background (Wang) 

t. . . 

needed for challenging work on behalf 
of a New Zealand University. Mutually 
acceptable time arrangement. Call 
Alan or Sylvia for more detail - 459-5414 
or 459-3471 . (5/17) 
Revelle College is looking for a few seedy 
students to run for Watermelon Queen. 
Apply at Prov.'s Ofc. 

HOUSING 

Summer sublet needed from late May 
thru early Aug. two married UCLA low 
students working for S.D. law firms. Call 
Eva or Don Casas (213) 391-6668 
Collect. (5/10) 
One person to share w/ single owner 
brand new Townhouse in La Jolla w/ 
Jacuzzi. garage. two blks. from Wind-N-
Sea beach. S600 per mo. 454-0483/454-
6231 . (5/14) 

SERVICES 

WORD PROCESSING: Speedy service. 
Pickup & delivery on campus. Call Andy 
at 279-8056. (6/7 ) 
I TYPE AND EDIT FOR $1 .50 per page. 
Excellent. fast seNlce. Call Elaine. 224-
0329. (5/17) 
Typing - Term papers - dissertations -
theses - resumes. Fast, reasonable. PB 
area. Carole 483-9109. (5/10) 
Typ ing, word processing. tape 
transcription. Quality work at reasonable 
rates. La Jolla. Sandy, 459-5818. (6/7) 
UNWANTED HAIR REMOVED PERMANENT-
LY near campus. La Jolla Professional 
Center, 8950 Villa La Jolla Dr. Suite 1160-
C Call for appt 457-4039. (6/7) 
Typing! Word Processing! Rush jobs! Term 
papers. theses. resumes, transcription. 
Jennifer @ 274-5005. (6/7) 
TYPING: IBM RUSH JOBS term papers 
theses dissertations editing 453-0656 
(eve) 452-1588. (6/7) 
Manuscripts, theses, d issertations. 
resumes typed. Experienced. $1 page DS 
Betty 755-4779. (5/24) 
Typing/Word Proc. Theses/Diss/Papers. 
Experienced - Reasonable Rates - Top 
quality. Vista 726-3087. (5/17) 
Computerized typlng/\NOrd processing. 
Fast. reliable. Term papers. theses. 
dissertations. 481-0268. (5/10) 
Top Drawer Secretarial Service reports. 
manuscripts , resumes. letters . 
Reasonable call 481 -4160. (6/7) 
High quality, fast. accurate typing at 
special rate for students. Same day 

UCSD S1'mmer Session 
ADDED 
EEeS 61 

INTRODUCTION TO COMPUTER SCIENCE (4 units) 
Electrical Engineering and Computer Science 61 
June 25 - August 24, 1984 (9 weeks) 
For more mformation visit the Summer Session Office, 10 I A 
Admimstrative Complex or call 452-4364 

W', .J JiL . ., LeA 

seNice. 16 yrs expo Call Fery 452- 1393 
anytime. (5/10) 
MAGIC FINGERS. Typing done fast & 
accurate. $1.25/page. Call Susan 457-
5638 eves & wkds. (5/14) 
Women incest SUNivors therapy group 
forming to meet Fri or Sat beginning in 
May. $20 per session. Call Julie or Ann 
459-2100. (5/21) 

LOST Be FOUND 

Found: change wallet on 5/3 at Third 
College. Call to identity. Sandy 753-2395. 
(5/21 ) 
Found: 1 gold earring in USB on 5/7. 
Identify to claim. Call 455-1875. (5/17) 
Found: Skateboard first week of May at 
Muir. Call to identify, Tom 483-5436. 
(5/17) 
Lost: 6 rna old black & white fem. cat 
IoY9Oring a flea collar. Lost 5/4 on Muir. 
Call Autumn or Mark. (w)452-6771 or(h) 
270-8243. (5/17) 

PERSONALS 

To the Delta Sigs of Alpha class: Happy 
2nd Anniversary. Lers party it up! Brutal. 
(5/10) 
Corwash - $2.00 Saturday the pledges 
of Delta Sigma Phi will be washing from 
10-4 pm at Exxon station. corner of 
Governor and Genesee in U.c. (5/10) 
What \NOuld you do if your fiance said, 
"Sorry honeydew. but I cant-aloupe"? 
$50 & the coveted post of Watermelon 
Queen goes to the seediest response. 
Apply at the Provost's Office by 6/4. 
(5/17) 
Men age (18-30) whose father has been 
diagnosed as alcoholic are needed for 
brainwave experiments at the Salk 
Institute pay $30.00-$50.00. Call 453-4100 
ext. 419. between noon and 5:00. (5/10) 

TRAVEL 

Council travel/CIEE provides information 
on student charters. ral/passes, int'l 
student id's. hostel cards. tours for ages 
18-35. work and study programs, and 
much more. Stop by the Student Center 
or call 452-0630. (6/7) 
AIRFARES, Worldwide for students. Int'l 
student I.D. cards, tours, ral/passes, 
experienced advice. All your travel 
needs - Student Travel Network. 1551 
Camino del Rio South - 692-9213. (6/7) 

PROGRAMS 
WANTED 

Do you own a program 
with commercial value? We 
are looking for programs 
that can be converted to 
the 16 bit Sanyo 
computers. Let our 
nationwide distribution 
channels bring you 
royalties. Please call Facts 
Online for an evaluation: 
(619) 483,5393. 





, 

The f1agazin 
of th '80 

[ditor 
":'tDRt:\\' l\t:ELEK 
As od ate fditor 

JOH U 
Writen 

MIKE AHN, LANCE 
BERNARD CN R1STOPHER 
CANOl!, MARK DeVOL 
ETHAN fEERST, JOAN 

fO RSBERG. RONA t1U, B.B. 
LEONE. CLYDENE NEE. 

JAMES RALPH PAPP 

[ditorial 452-3466 
Advertising 452-3468 
Hiatus i publl~hed every 

Thursday af the school year as a 
supplement to the UC 0 GUAKDIAN. 
Rel>roductian or use without written 
J)Umission af any IXlrtian af this 
magazine is a nO-no. We welcome 
unsolidted letters, manuscril>ts and 
artwork . but ass ume no 
rcslXlnsibility far the return of such. 
Send information to: 

HIATUS 
U('SO. 6-016. 

La Jolla. CA 92093 

And that's the fact. Jack l 

Content 
Cover: In the similar vein 
that UB-40 follows, Steel rube 
brings its special br nd of 
British Reggae to UCSD thi 
Wednesday, See the story on 
page 6, 

The Symphony .. ..... . . page J 
David Atherton returns to San 

Diego to conduct once again, but he 
flows more in the pelvis that in his 
hands, 

'A Dream Play' . .... . . .. page 4-
Yet another UCSD Theatre pro-

duction is opening at the Mandell 
Weiss' Center for the Performing 
Arts. 

Council of Style ..... , .. page 6 
The recent Style Council show in 

lA was simply phenomenaL and 
Hiatus was there to catch all the 
action - both inside and out. 

Caruso page 7 
Goings On page 7 

UCSD University Events Office presents 

PURCELL SEXTET 
Canada 's Purcell Quartet plus two 

B RAHMS: SEXTET IN B -FLA T MAJOR, OP. 18 
H AYD : C-MAJOR, OP. 54 , NO. 2 

BRAHMS: SEXTET IN G -MAJOR, OP. 36 

G.A. $12.00 , UCSD St. $5.50 
M AY 18, FRIDAY, 8 :00 P.M. 

M ANDEVILLE A UDITORIUM 

__ UCSD Box Office cSt Ticketron: 452-4559 __ 

F RIDA YS. 4 3(} b 30 P m 
U CSO T RI TON P UB 

fY WILSON 

A, / 
H M CROOK JAZZ ORCHr~l"" 

A ~ 

B~ ~:'J~~%T~EAr~M 
M Al ~ 
ElV, RUTH riC,,:'£( 

l~t lr"tlLJ U., r'f, 

2 maWs May 10, 1984 

M •. 
B' >ND HOtX" ""'ND 
M .. 
B urXJY RH 0 ~ IHf ROCII;IT\ 

}f "', r 

R.[O Speedwagon ranked a respectable third in the voting. 

The bands you 
love to bate 

Hiatus is proud to announce the results of 
Assorted Vinyl's {irst annual "Most /tated 
Bands" contest. The voting was done by you, the 
students: 

1. Duran Duran 
2. l.overboy 
3. REO Speedwagon 
4. Missing Persons 
5. Culture Club 

Irs not wbetber you win or 
lose, irs bow you dress 

By JAMfS RALrH PArr 
David Atherton returns to 

conduct the San Diego 
Symphony tonight. after a long 
and. for San Diego, dry winter. It 
Is not that the orchestra suffers 
In technical quality while their 
leader Is gone, but Atherton 
provides the additional sort of 
spark that makes the difference 
between. say, a reading of a 
script In an agent·s oftlce and 
drama performed on the stage. 

The other crucial quality in a 
conductor Is his tailor. While 
Atherton suffers from that ever 
growing anomaly in the concert 
music world. the white 
cummerbund. his tall-coat is 
thoughtfully constructed. his 
shoes and trousers restrainedly 
following that lead. However 
impoverished a world-famous 
guest conductor may be, which 
is probably not very much, he 
has no excuse for not paying the 
price of a competent artist In 
scissor and thread. The sartorial 
call1ng Is not lesser than the 

musical one: musicians should 
have more respect for their 
fellow artists. This was the 
opinion of a Chicago social 
lioness who prevented Maestro 
Ozawa's entrance Into her house 
until he replaced tiis turtleneck 
with a shirt and tie. which he 
soon did. What this city needs 
are more social lionesses. 
although It Is easier to change 
one's shirt than one's tailor. 

The white cummerbund has 
an aesthetic objection - being 
out of harmony with the lines of 
the coat. tie and shirt-front -
but the black version, as worn 
by last week's guest conductor 
Kirk Trevor, is simply antisocial . . 
Trevor is the Exxon Arts 
fndowrnent conductor of the 
Dallas Symphony: Does his 
stomach-wear reflect the 
favorite color of his patrons? 

His conducting style had 
more Hash than effect. like his 
suit: he moves his body too 
much and his hands too little, 

.1 ... - '1\ . 
lH..RSOAY. MAY 10. 1984 

6:00 PM & 8:00 PM 
TRI rON fILe 

SfI<lN.SOOEO BY A~ I A TED STU)ENTS ~1IIMi~w"" 
FREE A(J11 SS ION 
.. ... . . ~ 

"...... ' f.·l 

which Is a good reason for his 
finding a new tailor. The sheer 
force of 8orodin's Polouetsian 
Dances, which closed the 
concert, left an . overriding 
impression. the patrons being 
crushed Into the velvet of their 

seats. for the last five concerts slight lack of facility with the 
of the season. everyone hopes older forms. whkh might affect 
and expects Atherton to bring this week's Bach. Haydn, 
back the consistency of quality Beethoven and Mozart concert, 
to the Symphony that he has but specific eccentricity can be 
brought to his wardrobe. The made up for by general moral 
white cummerbund reveals a soundness. 

Huntridge Hairstyles 
Salon Prescription Center 

At Summerhouse Inn. La Jolla Shores 

WE'LL HELP 
YOU SAY IT 

WITH STYLE 
Our men's hair design rxpens 

will help you make a positive 
bshion statement with a dynamite 
cut and the right RK products to 
keep your holi r looki ng terrific Jt 
home. And <III In an atmosphere 
thJt makes you lecl comfonahlr lind 
cared lor. all us today. 

RK from Ki)REDKEN 
r-------------, I • Special Offer. I 
I hy stylists I 
I James Kelly &: Pearl Rushing I 
I h H . I I ampoo - alrcut I 
I Condit ioning I 
I I 

: c"~"~'PQ:6~~8' I 
,,------------_.1 

--Are You Undecided 
About Your Major? 

I Tuesday, May 15 10:30· 12:00 North Conference Room 
Student Center 

Sti ll undeclared about your 
major? This workshop will give 
you a systematic way to 
investigate UCSO's 24 major, 
to learn more about your skill , 
interests, and goals, and to 
consider the oc.;upationa l 
possibilities for the majors that 
best fit you . A student panel. 
academic advisors, and 
repre 'entative from Career 
Planning & Placement will be 
there to help you deal with your 
case of " undeclareitis." 

May 10.1984 nlUu l 



Play opens tonight 

Putting on Sbindberg's play is 
'A Dream' come true for UCSD 

Swedish playwright August 
Strindberg 's compelling , 
mystical drama, A Dream Play. 
opens tonight in a UCSD Drama 
Department presentation at the 
Mandell Weiss Center for the 
Performing Arts. Staged by 
Michael Hackett, a guest 
director from UCLA, and 
designed by UCSD professor 
Robert Israel, this production 
continues through May 20. 

Strindberg described this 
poignant work, written in 1901. 
as "my most beloved play, child 
of my greatest pain." lnfluenced 
by his exposure to religion, 
morali ty, spiritualism and 
OCCUltism, Strindberg sought to 
free conventional drama from 
its naturalistic representational 
tendencies. 

By JOAN fORSB[KG 
of ideas emerging from the 
sense s, the imaginati n, 
memory and the unconscious. 

Strindberg recounts the 
journey of the god Indra's 
daughter, Agnes, who travels to 
Earth to discover the realities of 
human life. Through Agnes' 
joyful and sorrowful experi-
ences, Strindberg theorizes that 
the cause of human suffering is 
the conflict between the human 
desire for perfection and the 
imperfect nature of tenninable 
earthly life. Strindberg believes 
that this painful existence can 
be alleviated through the 
development of the immense 
human creative capacity. 

we are able to strip away the 
artificial aspects of our daily life 
and come in contact with a 
greater reality. The ego is 
sublimated, and then in some 
ways we can communicate with 
a greater universal spirit. Art as 
a transcendental force is the 
salvation of humanity." 

In conjunction with director 
Hackett , internationally-
renowned designer Robert 
Israel. recognized for his work 
on Philip Glass operas and as a 
recent recipient of a 
Guggenheim award, is creating 
an exciting, sensuous visual 
design for this production that 
mirrors the fragmented, yet 
flowing, movement of a dream 
state. for Strindberg, in the 
dream world, "Everything can 
happen, everything is possible 
and probable." 

In A Dream Play, he explores 
the poignant. yet beautiful, 
human condition through a 
random, dreamlike movement 

"Strindberg focuses on the 
idea that as humans we have 
great potential. but the little 
things in life are what drag us 
down ," explains director 
Hackett. "He believes that the 
dream world is one place where 

For ticket information, call 
452-4574. 

D.L rlcwak aad Susaa <io5dkk star in UCSD's "A Drum Flay:' 

lJ·· NlVERBAL STUDIOS TOUR • a. Mea cOMraw, OPEW oalLY FOR IWFOilManow call 11111""_ 

MAJOR STUDIO SNEAK PREVIEW 
Friday, May 11th at 8:00 p.m. 
~ .... ..,~ .. 

~LiA~ 
DAGGER 
It's not just a game anymore. 

3156 Sports Arena Blvd . 223·254& 
TICKETS WILL BE ON SALE AT 5:45 PM. FRIDAY NIGHT. 

4 niatus May 10, 1984 

l MU.UII Will " Ct lUI D IHOIII IIIUP. IIICULUI JU TUfU Wil l I' StlOW ~ " 'flit Uti S_!U 
''' lSllfTtD f /li DOli ' STt II,( . 

The Grow Gollery In 
conjunction with the Third 
World Studl •• Program (I 
present ~OJt 

~t1(ottJt 
11ft 

Pictures drawn by 
Atomic Bomb 
Survivors 

APRIL 30 - MAY 10 
A traveling exhibition from the 
Peace Museum, Chicago, III. 

MONDAY - FRIDAY 10 am - 5 

GROVE GALLERY 
lHE UNIV<RSIlY Of ~All .111'<1" 

CRAnS CF"JTlr, 

lfyouhcM! 
. dlarrhea that 

began within the last 48 hrs and 
would like to partlclpate In an 
Investigational drug study at the 
V.A. Hospital call Cheryl 
Beaumont or Steve Pandol M.D. 
1453-75001 ext 3284 for more 
Info. Upon completion of the 
study you will receive 525. 

Unlim . train travel : 16 countries 
$290: one month youthpass 

$260: 15-day first class 
ISSUED ON THE SPOT 
Call for Free Brochure 

COUNCIL TRAVEL 
452·0630 

UCSD Student Center B·023 
La Jolla. CA. 92093 

Bob's Book Report 

Walpole's useless 
crusade for truth 

By ROBERT lfOIU 
In his recent talk here. the four executions, that 

Vincent Price mentioned that Richard had perfect cause for 
Richard III. perhaps the finest his actions. 
villain In the history of stage or Walpole confronts and 
screen, has recently been accuses historians as a class of 
subJecttoa "whitewash." One of be i n g I ia rs. chea ts 0 r 
his defenders is mystery writer ignoramuses. He calls Sir 
Josephine Tey, in her The Thomas More a storyteller 
Daughter of Time. This is a whose History isn't. and most of 
lovely mystery. and is available the rest of the historians of the 
in Central Ubrary. time either the pets of Henry VIII 

Another. much earlier or Henry VII. or mere copyists 
refutation of about a half who couldn't see a fact if they 
millenium of slander (at this ran into it. 
late date) is by Horace Walpole. In short, Walpole the 
the dilettante 18th century historian is a hard-punching 
letter writer. While this reviewer writer and researcher (also a 
has little love or like for hater of organized religion. 
Walpole's disgusting fiction, the which is no news to Walpole 
history. titled lIistoric Doubts fans), who knows that he is 
on the Life and Reign of King embarking on a useless crusade 
Richard III. is currently for truth. Indeed, he knows full 
available in a facsimile of the well that people see more plays 
1768 edition in Central Ubrary. than read books: "Shakes-

It is a shame that most of the peare's immortal scenes will 
world thatknowsaboutthe War exist. when such poor 
of the Roses (by any name, arguments as mine are 
though, war stinks foul) forgotten. Richard at least will 
believes that Richard III was a be tried and executed on the 
crippled, hunchbacked monster stage, when his defence remains 
who bulked his two nephews, on some obscure shelf of a 
poisoned his wife. drowned his library." 

r 

brother George in a butt of But Richard's defense is there 
cheap wine, executed four peers - DA 260 w34 1974, in Central 
for minor crimes, and cruelly Ubrary. It's been checked·out 11 
murdered Edward Prince ' of times in seven years. So he uses 
Wales and then Henry VI. Horace those funny "f ' things instead of 
Walpole acutely. shortly and "s" 's; he's still readable, stili a 
thoroughly proves that either fine, entertaining wordsmith, 
Richard didn't do it or there is and still mad as a hornet H. 
great doubt, or. in the case of Walpole is hot in this book. 

The beat goes on at Mandeville 

Apple and IBM 
Join the Jet Set 

~l~~ 
from Hewlett-Packard 

If you own an Apple or IBM 
personal computer. why not 
join the Jet Set? The ThinkJet 
Set. We are now offering a 
new printer from Hewlett-
Packard that gives ink-jet 
performance at an affordable 
price. The ThinkJet Personal 
Printer. Whisper-quiet at 
more than 1000 words per 
minute (150 characters per 
second). Come in ~ 
and join the Jet Set ", 
- today. ' 

Only r~~ HEWLETT 
$425 II:~ PACKARD 
UNIVERSITY 
BOOKSTORE 
COMPUTER 

CENTER 
The Discount Computer Store 

452·4291 

In keeping with the current celebration of 
latin Music, Miguel Cruz will be performing 
Saturday in Mandeville Auditorium. It is 
certain to be the Happening ofthe season. This 
concert and others have been special presen-

tations of the UCSO Music Dept., which has had 
a wide range of programs. from traditional to 
experimental pieces. The concert is at 8 pm. 
Tickets will be available at the door. For 
further information call 452-3229. 

All our stores celebrate our new Old Town location 

GRAND OPENING SALE 
r - - -7r;',cii ~.Ailw;an;.,-sPOrt~n;ciU8i- - -., 
I Cat E-,. • Squore • French Waylater. Glacier Styte I 
I ,JU" S tl$!.)\Ntltjr", JfJ!)j u,,~ I 
I IIaybon Woylor8ls J3!>..J!> $25 : 
: 4 CoiOIS. 2 SIlOS I 
I loolc Allkes 54·/! $1 .99 I 
I Coupon good through >14."... I ~----------------------~ Don' pay too much for sungla .... : We've got the lowest 

prices and best selection from $2.99 to $249.95 
Vuarnet. Carrero. aa,ban. SIyte E~. SunclouCI. HoOle. Bucci. loll •• Cebe. Etc .• eIc . 

PacL{Lc &"eJ. £ 74. 
Open 7 Oem and Nlghtl 

0Ict rown La Jollo Enctnltal 
2461 Son Diego Ave. 

(next to Old Town Mexican Cofe) 
692.Q059 

1030 Torrev ~s Rd 
( next to Yogurt AltOll) 

~ 

745 FIIst SI. 
(Lumbe!YOrd ShoPPIng Centel ) 

9~.()J37 

j I 

Warren Commencement 
Speaker Auditions 

I 1 I j 1 I 1 I I 1 1 I I 1 
I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I 

Graduating Seniors -
auditions for the Senior Speaker at the 

Warren Commencement Ceremony will be held 
Thursday, May 24th. 

Ll I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I J I I I I~J I I I I I I I 
Pick up details and sign up for audition 

times at the Warren College Dean's Office 
no later than 12 noon qn Wednesday, May 2Jrd 

(Bldg. 302 W.C). For more information 
call 452-6171. 

I I I 
I I I 

~CROSS 
l l~ A l 9 VAl 
2 [. MA I 10 Imll 
3 lo RI 11 ,,,AI 
4 1,11 AI 12 P,AI 
5 'AI 13 AI 
6 \' .0. 1 14 #It I 
1 III AI 15 w,~ ~, 
8 Il AI 

DOWN 
1 NMB 
2 Vfl[ 
3 [[fMl. 
4 III x 
5 NOB 
6 NPB I 
7 Nr H 
8 U,IN t.. 

9 GRl PSYCH 
10 CRE BID 
11 AI HI EVEMEN" 
12 NUH SI NI; HilS 
13 LPA 
14 , PEE U Hf ADINI . 
15 ESt REVIEW 
16 INIR0 10 

l AW <;1 HOill 

CLASSES ON CAMPUS 

~-H 
IfIIPlAN 
EDUCATIONAL CENTER 

r ,'-II· h ' '\-I" [I.. # •. ,.\, '''J 
San Diego Center 
2180 Gamet Ave .. Suite 2D 
Pacific Beach 92109 
(619) 270-6810 
M.L. McNulty, Administrator 

May 10, 1984 n~ ~ 



Basta and roD with steel 
in AIIIerlca and on our 

A stylin' Council 
By RODDY BOG.\WA 

It Is Idt*" to nate 
tIIIt tile lilt COIICeIt 01 tile 

~ OIl this campus will be 
a ftMlldaI success and 
proYlde I leYd of 
enlertllnment thlt all 
Institution of higher 
.... 8IaouId !b1Ye for. 
In the ai_it soup of 
Romalltlcs. IaUns and 
...... ot, It ICeIM there has 
been· tao little tIIougIIt of 
procIud. an lateUlgeat 
bill and too lIIuch 
coacentratlcJa OIl IdUag 
tickets to prepabacent 
women rrom tile secondary 
scbooI to college IeYd. 
Thus It Is way pIasIng to 
see that steel Pulse wtll be 
headUnfng In tile o,m this 
Wednesday. 

The current Steel Pulse 
tour is in support 01 the 
February ~lease. ~rth 
CrisIs, the band's second 
prqJect for Elektra Records. 
PrIor to &tth CrisIs. Sted 

Pulse released T'''~ 
Democrac, (ilso on 

~Iektra). and betw«n 1978 
and 1982 the band 
produc:ed three albums for 
lsIIncI's US label • ......,. 

The lint aIbuIII wIlk:h 
sted Pulse rdeued lei' 
Mango, lI.nd,wortll 
II. oIItdon. IIIIpraled lob 
.... y to tile po"t tIIIt tile 
bud was .. eel to support 
the WIllers on an eAtaded 
P.uropeIn tour. To tIIIt end, 
the tour lid the neJt 
album. Tribute to th~ 
IIIfttIIts, gave S~I Pulse a 
secure hold on the 
explosion of aWl~ness 
c:oncernIftg d1tnJc mlDk: 
tllat was sweeping Britain 
lid Europe. 

This explosion his also 
gained a strong foothold in 
the US. Wlane banloore 
reggae fans ~maln an 
IIlOIIIIly In Amerka. steel 
Pulse bas recently gained a 

large follow'. with ....,.. 
youth, 

Betng a IIrttIsII IIMd 
pIa~ ........ Wk 
lIIIyaplaln_,-..~ 
ills ..... IIIOI'e '" 'II" 
.1It11 ........ .... 
IIInds sucb. foots .... 
"')tab ad ..... s. 

=-:..'t=I~ play willt .., cle.eIl _ , 
ellst outside of lladr 
formlts. WIllleyer tile 
reason. perhaps til. 
AlDerlcan mu.tk induIb't Is 
not g'Y'. reggae tile 
support It needs and 
deserves. 

••• 

Steel Pulse wli play at 8 
pm WednesdaJ In the QJnI. 
Tickets are aVId .... It tilt 
Unlyersfty £Yents loa 
Office. For furtller 
Information. alii "52...gag, 

~fIIee 

On Monday night. I should finally. after a short break. 
have been working on my take The Style Council came onstage. 
home midterms. Instead of In No Jam coversongs. but a good 
Los Angeles at the Wilshire solid two hours orinsplration.lt 
Theater watching the Style really reminded me of a gospel 
Council concert. No qualms. no concert - the people clapping 
guilt - I had the strange feeling along during songs and maybe 
that if a group would travel all just the vibrations In the air. 
the way from Europe to play In The Style Council is: Steve 
lA. the least I could do would be White. a new young drummer. 
to drive two hours with a friend who reminded me of8uddy Rich 
to see It. We had no tickets but playing like Keith Moon; Mlck 
we knew that we would get In. It Talbot. who has the holy ghost 
was somehow like going to see of Booker T. In him; a talented 
an old friend you haven't visited horn section; backing keyboard 
In a long time - a grooveline. pla~r and bassist: and the man. 

The show became more than a Paul Weller. clean and Inspired 
concert. Mods with Jam regalia as ever. Weller's voice reeked of 
and all the [uropean trimmings strength and power. The Style 
outnumbered the sold-out Council pla~d Its set not as a 
show. but somehow knew of a pop band • but almost as a 
surprise. and were caught up in family. 
the anticipation and excitement And what of the show? 
of just being there. The fucking amazing. They 
Baltimores, an a cappella trio performed all of their recorded 
opened the show. and though work as well as new material. 
the crowd was stunned at first. It The energy level seemed to be at 
responded with respect and Its highest during "Money Go 
enthusiasm by the end of their Round." yet " Long Hot 
set. Surprise. Culture. please turn to page 7 

WE LEND STUDENTS 

6 m.tus May 10, 1984 

A HELPING D. 
A lack of funds used to keep many promising 
students out of college. That's not the case 
anymore. , 
Government-backed student loans now enable 
most kids to get the education they need. 
And Imperial Savings wants to help. 
We have the money to lend, and getting it is easy 
and convenient. 
To apply, just drop by any of our branch offices. 
We'll be happy to give you all the details. 
We want to help. Because a student loan is an 
investment in tomorrow. 

O~~!t~ 
lVhere Tomomm ' Begins Today. w 

The lJCSD Theatre. wi II ptf~cnt 
Coming Attractiol1s Ma 2.3·26, 
~how!> are at 8 pill ilnd 
ddmj<.,,>ioll is only ~2 . rot fllrther 
information, etlll ·~52· '1;)7 • 

· .. 

rhc lokyo Ba Ilet will perform 
at the Fox Theater downtown 

friday and Saturday. May 18 and 
19. This is the company's f irst 
to1Jr o f the US, and the San 
Diego performance is on the 
first leg of the tour. for further 
information, call 459-9788. 

• • • 

Anita Lopez-Salazar will 
conduct a redtal Sunday in 
Mandeville Center's Room B-
210. The highlight of the 
performance will be Chopin 's 
Second Ballade in f Major. for 
further information. call 452-
3229. 

• • • 

SOrtOR will hold Its final 

~~ 
by 

Klier 

lOllcert of the SCJSOI1 May 30 at 
8 pm in Mandl'villc uditorium. 

TIll' COliC I.ft' program will 
hd\t a '1trol19 emphar,j<, 0/1 20th 
century IlIUSIC 

The first piece will be' Pierrot 
Lunairc" by Arnold Sc.hoenberg. 
perform'd by soprano Carol 
Plantamura. 

'Pierrot Lunaire will be 
followed by Keith l1umble '~ 
" Ways, By Ways. ' 

The final piece will be Peter 
Schulthorpe 's solo cello 
composition " Requie m," 
performed by Peter farrell. 

Admission is $3 general and 
$1 for students and sen iors. for 
further information. call 452-
3229. 

• • • 

The La Jolla Chamber Music 
Society closes its 1984 season 
wi th performa nces of 
Prokofiev's Violin Concerto No. 
2 in G Major and Mozart's 
Symphony No, 39 in f flat 
Major. 

The concert is tonight at the 
La Jolla Museum of Contempo-
rary Art at 8 pm. for further 
Information, call 459-37U 

[/uon e of Blood, the 
Kurosa\H rIla~terp it're bd~d on 
Macbeth \\ill play Wedncsdayat 
7 '30 pm at the La Jolla Mu,> 'um 
01 Contcmporary Art 

The Japanrs film Woman in 
the Duneswill pldy WednrsddY. 
May 23 al 7:30 pm. f()r further 
informatlOn, call 454-0257. 

• • 

Pop artist Wayne Th ieubaud 
will speak at Sherwood Hall in 
La Jolla Friday at 8 pm. for 
further information, call 454· 
3541. 

• •• 

The San Diego Repertory 
Theater's product ion of The 
Tooth o/Crimeopens Thursday. 
for further information. ca ll 
235-8025. 

• •• 

The Beach Boys will play 
immediately after the Padres 
game Sunday at Jac~ Murphy 
Stadium. 

• •• 

Exquisite hand -colored 
lithographic renderings of birds 
and animals are currently on 
display in the Sefton Hall 

Gallery of the San Diego Natural 
t1i~tory ~lu!>CumTht' Art 01 

.JtUt II IIhtory: r.ngland 1860 
1 ')00 opened on April 20 and is 
'><.h .duled to run through May 
20. 

I he Muscltm is op n daily 
from lOam to :30 pm, and 
general atlmi<,sion covers the 
shO\\o, 

• • • 

On Saturday. May 12. the San 
Diego Jazz festival will produce 
the Michelob Street Scene, a 
five-hour block party to be held 
in the Gaslamp Quarter as part 
of the San Diego fest ival of the 
Arts. featured bands include 
headlin e rs th e Bla st er s. 
Grammy Award winners Los 
LoOOs, reggae artists Rebel 
Rockers, and San Diego's own 
Joey Harris and the Speedsters 
and the King Bisquit Blues 
Band, who will kick off this 
electrifying evening of fun at 5 
pm. fifth Avenue. between J and 
K Streets. will be the site of a 
continuous wall of sound for 
five hours as Michelob Street 
Scene musicians range from 
reggae to good old rock 'n' roll. 

A smiling and happy raul Weller 

The Council 
continued from page 6 
Sum mer" and " My Ever 
Changing Moods" received 
more feed back from the 
audience. 

The Style Council show was 
something to share and not 
something to consume or win 
over. They only played two 
shows on the West Coast and 
two in New York but are 
expected to return soon. Good 
friends never desert you. 

CINEMA OF JAPAN 
737 Pearl 
La Jolla 

456-1170 
456-1815 

lATE SPRING 
(1949) by Yasujiro Ozu 

May 15 

All films in Japa nese with Eng"sh subtitles 

Series: $5.00, Si ngle $ 1.50 

T UESDAYS. P ETERSON HALL 108. 7 :30 P.M. 

PRECISION 
HAIRCUTS .IN. C_PO" 

for men and women OfTer expires 5-24-84. 
-----------------T-------------------PRECISION HAIRCUT PERM $32.50 

women, $13.M 
men, $11 

Includes shampoo, cut & blow dry 
(long hair extra) 

(long hair extra) 
~-------------------

CELLOPHANE $15 

PROPHET PRODUCTIONS a KSDT 95.7 CABLE FM, 
540 AM PRESENT 

L..-________ UCSD 110. Ocne • . 452-4559 _________ .....J 

UK REGGAE 
EXPLOSION! 

WARREN COLLEGE STUDENT 
GOVERNMENT 

Positions available immediately:·-------: 
2 Judicial Board Members 
Campus Coalition for Cultural 

Concern (4C) Chair 
Yearbopk Committee Chair 
Student Center Board Rep 

Contact Stacy McCarthy at 455-1396 or the Warren Dean's Office 
regarding other possible openings and applications. 

Application Deadline: May 18, 1984 

SHOW STARTS AT 8:30 PM ..A 
ltO.1O ~~" All CIgM _...... 1IIBA'Il'l!" _ 
TIC~ets 0V0lI0bIe at l ou, Ilecor(js (EnciNIas). Sound $peelr .... " (laguro 8each~ Oft The Record. 
llCance PIzzo (PB~ AICOde MusiC (downlown 8t oe~ The Baobab. The Prophet. UCSO eo. Ortlce. 
SOSU eo. OHlc ... 32nd 51 Naval Stallor\ oncl 011 TeleseallocahOf'\S For into 283-156<> or 239-!>1J9 

t----::::::=-~:-:-::'REGGAE ON THE RADtO:~ ______ ~ __ -4 
DREAD AT THE CON TOOLS. SUNDAYS 1-4 PM O N KSOI 95 7 CABlE FM 

REGGAE MAKOSSA. SUNDAYS !O PM O N 91X 

May 10. 1984 n,.,..., 7 



entertainment· prizes 
carnival games· food· tgif 
dollar dance main gym 
8pm - midnight 

8 /1lalus May 10, 1984 

by ASUCSlJ. Office of Campus Recreation. & Miller Be r 
dance entertainment sponsored by KSDT 

muir college campus 
friday may 11 

11am - 6pm 
raindate may 18 


