
'/ 

I lit . 
~ 

~ . 
See page 7. 



The Healing Brain is the focus of a 
seminar given by UCSD Extension from 
9 am (0 5 pm, May 5. According to 
researcher and seminar coordinator 
Robert Ornstein, "The most importam 
health care system is the brain itself." 
Ornstein is a visiting professor of 
human biology at Stanford University, 
president of the Institute for the Study 
of Human Knowledge and noted 
authority on left-right hemisphere 
research. For further mformation, call 
452-3430. 

o 
Supernatural Birds will be the focus 

of discussion at . lecture presemed by 
the San Diego Museum of Man, 
Thursday, April 12 at 7 pm. The soaring 
birds drawn or carved on rock walls by 
prehistoric artists were not meam to be 
mere decorations. The stylized figures 
were often used to illustrate the stories 
of legends of ancient civilizations. In 
many of these legends, birds were 
believed to have supematural powers as 
messengers of the spririt world. For 
information, caD 239-2001. 

o 
How to Cd a Roommate is a new 

book that covers the whole gamut of co-
habitating. TopICS In the new release 
mclude' how to handle shared 
expenses; a roommate for convenience 
and fnendshlp , roo; Uvmg WIth someone 
of the oppOSite sex or wah a gay 
roommate. For a copy, write to prentice-
Hall, Inc., Box 500, Englewood CUlTs, NJ 
07632. 

o 
Tea Party Etiqudtc and Five Points 

are two slide shows presemed by the 
Department of HisLOry. Tea Party depiCts 
the hfe of a Boston shoemaker who 
participated In the Boston Massacre and 
the Boston Tea Party. Five POints shows 
the Immigrant expenence in mid-
nmeteemh century lew York. The 
presentation wHl be at 4 pm, Tuesday, 
April 10, in Peterson Hall 103. 

o 
Volunteers are urgently needed to 

help during the Red Cross Feelin' Good 
Health Fairs, April 27 through May 12 at 
sites throughout the county. Persons 
with a medical background are 
especially needed . The Red Cross will 
train volunteers to help screen 
examinations, guide panicipants, 
process records and test results. Contact 
the Red Cross at 291-2620, for more 
information. 

o 
The Second Annual Earl WalTCn 

Birthday Party will take place at the 
Warren College Quad on Wednesday, 

1968 ... 
Dr. Herbert York, chancellor of UCSD 

in 1961, is a member of the 174-man 
McCarthy slate that will run for election 
in the upcoming Democratic primary in 
California. Although this is the first time 
he has participated in electoral politics, 
York has held high ranking pOSts under 
three preSidents - Eisenhower, 
Kennedy and Johnson . York stated that 
he had previously become convinced 
that the US needed [0 find a way to get 
out of Viemam. 

1970 ... 
A course on "Marxism and 

Christianlry" and another on ~he 

Apnl 18, at noon. There Will be ice 
cream and cake, musIc will be provided 
by folk singer Sam Hinton and Stone's 
Throw. 

o 
David Gardner wHl be formally 

inaugurated as the 15th President of the 
University of California on Thursday, 
Apnl 12 In UCLA's Royce Hall at 10 am. 
President Gardner took office on August 
I, 1983, followmg the retirement of UC 
President David Saxon. 

o 
John Anderson announced the 

formation of the National Unity Pany 
last week. San Diego IS being considered 
to host the convention in mid-June. The 
pany seeks to represent the milhons of 
Americans who feel unrepresented by 
the two traditional panies, according (0 
Anderson. For more information, write 
to PO. Box 99698, San Diego, CA 92109. 

o 
Younger Scholars Program is a new 

grant program from The National 
Endowment for the Humaniues, giving 
indiViduals under 21 the opportunIty to 
spend a summer carrying out their own 
non-credit humanlues research proJects. 
The program Will award up to 1 J grants 
nationally for outstanding research and 
writlng projects in such fields as hiStory, 
philosophy and the stud). of hterature. 
For gUldleines, write to: Younger 
Scholars GUldchnes C , Room 426, The 
National Endowment for the 
Humanities, Washington , DC 20506. 

o 
lUegal Selective Service campaign is 

the claim by a letter recently distributed 
to local high school superintendents 
and principals around the count}' by the 
an Diego chapters of the ational 

Lawyers Guild and the American Civil 
liberties Unton , warning of a pOSSible 
legal c.hallenge to a new Selectlve System 
ampalgn 10 high schools. The wamlOg 

letter outlines several pOtnts 10 the draft 
agen y's campaign, which, accordll1g to 
the twO legal groups, would be In 
violation of several state and federal 
laws. For more Information, call 753· 
7518. 

o 
Student Travel Catalog for 1984 has 

jUst been released by the Counctl on 
International Educational Exchange, the 
largest student travel organization in the 
United States. The 64-page catalog is 
the most comprehensive, free budget 
travel guide available, containing detatls 
on worldwide discounts, benefits and 
travel bargai ns available to holders of 
the International Student ID Card. To 
obtain the catalog, call (415) 421-3473. 

- Christopher Canole 

Ecumenical Revolution: Breakthrough in 
Christian Unity" begin next Tuesday at 
University Lutheran Church, adjacent to 
UCSD's campus. The topics include 
"The Historical Roots and Settings of 
Marxism," -The Fundamentals of Marxist 
Philosophy," "Marxism and Religion" 
and "Some Christian Responses to 
Marxism ." 

1911... 
The case of a former UCSD studem 

John Bums who asked anti-communist 
crusader Fred Schwarz his opinion of 
"fuc···· " Will be appealed on 
constl tutional grounds. The complaint 

Most people who step inro the polling booth focus their attentions on the 
candidates being offered for the major AS officers, but there are referendum 
questions on this year's baUot which may have more influence on your life at 
UCSD than does any elected offiCial. 

The proposed referenda could affect the requirements for graduation , where 
you live and the quantity and quality of print media on campus, 

If you remember the Guardian Story on the proposed on-campus hOUSing 
changes, and some of the pro and con statements [0 such changes, you now 
have the opportUnity [0 voice your preference. The proposal reads, "Presently, 
with the exception of the Mesa Apanments, on-campus housing is detennined 
by college affiliation. Are you in favor of opening all housing to all students 
regardless of alTtliation with a particular college?" 

Verbal and even physical confrontations exploded this year over funding 
cuts for the campus' alternative media. Now (he Issue will be presented as a 
referendum which reads, "The Associated Students' Alternative Pnnt Media 
(New Indicator, La Voz Fronteriztl, People 's Voice, Sappho Speaks, Koala, L'Chayim 
and Birdcage Review) received $40,000 10 fundmg thiS past year. Do you WISh ro 
limit the maximum amount of funding received this year by the Associated 
Students' Alternative Print Media to $20,000?" The voting options are to Umit 
funding to 520,000 or to not place a limit on funding. 

Reggie Williams, representing the alternative media, commented on the AS 
referendum proposals: "My main problem with thiS is the timing. This comes 
ten to 12 days before the election, when the groups involved have little or no 
time to mount an effective campaign against the referendums. The student 
organizations were not informed prior to this week. The council circumvented 
their own procedures by putting the referendums up as items for immediate 
consideration rather than chairing them for two weeks to be debated. And 
finally. I think this is one last vindictive effon by the outgoing officers Tim 
Pickwell and Craig Lee to attack the alternative media and Committee for World 
Democracy. Why are events like TGs not being subjected to a public funding 
VO[e T' 

In stark contrast to the original senous nature of this meeting, a most bizarre 
event occured. During a meeting that may have a far-reaching impact on the 
future of students at UCSD, the Council decided to run a mutual admirauon 
society popularity vote. The AS CounCil meenng was intentionally delayed 
midway by a recommendation by Craig Lee to allow a presentation by a speaker 
who acted like a leftover of the "1 am wonderful" ME generation of the 70s. She 
walked around the room with a duck puppet protruding from her arm, 
encouraging Council members to pin a ribbon on their neighbors and say, "I am 
magnificent and I am bener-looking than you." Going one step further, a 
spokesman for the organization represented by the "duck woman" requested 
$5,000 for a special day dedicated to self-praise. This delayingactlon was taken 
by a Council that. just moments earlier, claimed to be taking responsibility for 
giving serious consideration to the refe~nda, a Council composed of members 
runnmg for the upcoming AS election. 

agains t Bums was brought by "four old 
ladles from La Jolla who literally died 
when I [Bums] asked the question." The 
University took no part in seeking a 
complaint, although Vice Chancellor 
George Murphy testified at the trial. 
1912 ... 

Approximately 85 war protesters, 
including several UCSD students, were 
arrested yesterday afternoon at lith 
Naval District Headquarters. On the 
second anniversary of the killings at 
Kent State, 1200 persons gathered at 1 
pm Thursday in Horton Plaza to protest 
the renewed escalation of the Viemam 
conflict. They then proceeded on foot to 
the Naval headquaners where the arrests 
took place. 
1913 ... 

On March 8, the Committee on 
Educational Policy approved the 
preliminary plan lOr Fourth College as 
did the Academic Senate on March 20. 
During the fall of 1973, a detailed plan 
will be developed by a provisional 
faculry made up of professors from the 
three now-existing colleges. 
1914 ... 

The front page of the last Triton Times 
(April 1) was an attempt at ironic satire 
about several issues facing the 
University today. irony, as we see it, is 
an attempt at political criticism by the 
exaggeration of current situations to the 
point at which the situation seems 
ludicrous. The intent of our articles was 
apparently misinterpreted by many 
people on campus who were unaware of 
current events. 
1975 ... 

Campaigning beltins in earnest today 
for the campus-wide referendum that 
will ask students whether they want a 
mandatory Campus Activity Fee, and 
whether the Student Cooperative will be 
the legitimate student government. 
1976 ... 

In the next few years. UCSD students 

- Christopher Canole 

may be able to watch their courses on 
television. Though college courses have 
been olTered on televiSion before, the 
new Del Mar cable TV system is unique 
In that it has a viewer response unit 
which enables an Instructor to 
determine whether students understand 
the course material. 
1911 ... 

The question of how to fund the 
ASUCSD and individual college council 
elections, scheduled to be held during 
the third week of this quarter. is still 
under debate by the interim student 
government Transition Team. The 
Transition Team has released campaign 
rules limiting the number of offices for 
which a person may be eligible to run, 
vatying from college to college, but AS 
offices are limited to. one per person. 
1919 ... 

Three UCSD students were arrested 
by County Narcotics Task Force officers 
March 27 on drug conspiracy charges. 
The students were arrested following a 
three-month investigation. At the time of 
the arrest, agents confiscated four 
kilograms of chemicals used to 
manufacture methaqualone , commonly 
known as quaalude, a powerful 
recreational barbituate . 
1980 ... 

Candidates for AsSOCiated Students 
elected posts are gearing up their 
campaigns over the weekend and 
preparing to blitz the campus for three 
weeks with canvassers, posters and 
rhetoric. Included in the campaign are 
six candidates for President. 
1981... 

Compensating [or their failure to hold 
a comprehensive referendum in 
February, AS Council members last week 
approved 18 referendum questions for 
students to vote on, along with 
candidates for student government 
posts. 

, - Christopher Canole 

Funds granted to 
University Center 
BY LISA lAPIN 

In a move that was "surprising" to 
some school officials, Chancellor 
Richard Atkinson publicly announced 
Monday that the UCSD administration 
will provide three million dollars toward 
the construction of the UniverSity 
Center. A vote this quaner Will decide 
how students will fund the rest of the 
estlmated nine miUion dollar cost. 

"We are a campus with 60% 
commuter students and no place for 
them to sit," said Atkinson, placing the 
proposed Center as a "high priority." 

School officials and the Student 
Center Planning Committee are rushing 
to finalize plans so that a referendum 
may be put on the AS election ballot 
later this month. If the committee is 
delayed, a special election will be held 
before the close of the quarter. 

The vote win determine how and 
when students will fund the remainder 
of the Center's cost not covered by the 
administrative donation. Early unofficial 
speculations cite possible quarterly fees 
between $)5 and $25, to be instated "no 
sooner than groundbreaking," according 
to Tommy Tucker, Assistant Vice 
Chancellor/ Student Center. The entire 
package will not be up for developer 
bidding for two years, and construction 
is expected to begin a year later, putting 
Tucker's predicted fee assessment date 
at 1987. . 

Atkinson views UCSD's facility growth 
as "really slow" in comparison to the 
rate of student increase, and therefore 
views the University Center as an urgent 

and necessary addition to UCSD. The 
administrative contribution pledged by 
Atkinson wiD include one million dollars 
from reserve funds and two million from 
a fund raising campaign beginning this 
year. 

In conjunction with UCSD's 25-year 
anniversary, the administration wtll hold 
a fundraismg drive , with the goal of 
receiving $25 miUion in donations to 
the University, a ponion of which is to 
go to the construction 'of the new 
Center. Since 1977, no state money has 
been used for construction on campus. 
The California State Legislature 
regulations prohibit state funding of 
facilities for purposes other than 
academics, eliminating any chances of 
the UCSD Center receiving outSide 
funds. Acconfing to Tucker, most 
University Centers are funded 100% by 
students, making Atkinson's 
commitment "refreshing." 

A referendum vote will need 51 % 
student approval, with at least 20% of 
the student body voting, to pass. This 
worries student leaders who are strongly 
in favor of the University Center, as 
UCSD elections often do not achieve a 
large turnout. if the referendum fails, it 
could mean the end of all Center plans, 
or at least a major delay in the process. 

ACcording to Gerrie Hatten, chair of 
the Registration Fee Committee, there is 
also a one million dollar reserve of reg. 
fees that could possibly be used to defer 
student costs. 

• 

• 
• 

.. 

• • 

I, 

'0 \0 t:\ 
r. • •• 

• 

• 

a .... 

UCSO's Tau Kappa Epsilon is sponsoring a 1oo-hour continuous Teeter 
Totter Marathon on ReveUe Plaza this week to raise a total of $3,000 for 
Multiple Sclerosis. The event began last Monday at noon and will continue until 
... pm tomonow. Teeter totterers are aU active TKE members and their Lillie 
Sisttrs. Tom Marino of Tano's Ha-nan Shave lee, located next to the totter, 
will donate +0% of his week-long total to the San Diego charity. 

Photo ID Cards 
Naterle 

...... 

In Quonset 324 Warren CRusseD Drive, 
east of the Warren Provost otIice). 

..... 
The first worlQng day of each V\IIeu. 

betwftn 11:30 am and 3:00 pm. 

lady 
Any time after noon the following day 
at the Bookstore infornation window. 

... 
Current-quarter RaE (Registration & Events) 

card _...,... by the Cashier's office. 

toR or StoIea Carle 
CaD extension 6840 

Wore you s-y few • replace .... Dl 

To obtain your current-quarter validation sticker be .... 
MaIda 27 ad AprtI13. bring your stamped R&E card and 

your photo-ID to the vel1ow-and-white tent on the north 
side of the Cashier's olice. If you paid by mail, your 

stamped R&E card and current-quarter validation sticker are 
also available there. AI aay odIeI' ..... a validation sticker may 

be obtained at the Cashier's otIice at 401 Warren campus. 

• 



.. A,,", 5. 198 .. 
OPI'\;ION 

• • , )0:"" '. .. 

Commenta[)L 

Voting for AS 
what's it to you? 
By JOE DESIDERIO 

If you are like the vast majority 
of students at UCSD last year, 
when AS elections roll around in 
two weeks, you will simplr 
ignore them. Over 80% a the 
student population In 1983-84 
did not vote in the AS elections. 

"I t doesn'r..matter anyway" and 
"the candidates are all the same" 
are twO popular, poor reasons 
many students give for not 
voting. There are other reasons 

is necessary for one to register a 
vote, but I will consider only the 
most important ones, in the 
hopes ot maintaining the interest 
of the "no-votes" who are 
considering reading this to the 
end. 

By definition, the AS election 
is a means by which the 
students at UCSD choose a 
represen alive group. Ideally, 
every stud.:nt would Vote, 

When ... the AS distributes more than 
$250,000, responSible AS leadership lS 
worthwhile at the very least. 
- too numerous to list - that 
are equally poor. To put it 
simply, to all of you who do not 
vote, you are missing the whole 
point of the election process. 

In most instances, the majority 
of a society does not allow a 
small minority to represent itself 
as the society, nor to represent 
its concerns as those of the 
society. This is the result of 
freedom of choice, democracy 
and government as an extension 
of the people's wishes, concepts 
that comprise the basis of our 
social structure. 

At UCSD, we currently have an 
AS which was chosen by less 
than one-fifth of the student 
population. Apparently, the 
majority of students didn't think 
it worthwhile to cast a vote one 
way or the other. When taking 
into consideration that the AS 
distributes more than $250,000, 
responsible AS leadership is 
worthwhile at the vety least. 

There are many reasons why it 

resulting in a truly representative 
council. Since there will always 
be some students who do not 
vote, for whatever reasons, the 
ideal is not completely attainable. 
However, by inference , the 
greater the number of students 
voting, the closer the elections is 
to the ideal representation 
scenario. If the representative 
system is a desired thing, then it 
follows that high voter turnout is 
necessary. 

Some may argue that the 
candidates are so similar that for 
whom they VOle is 
inconsequential. If this is an 
excuse for ignorance of the 
various platforms and interests, it 
is a feeble one. If a student really 
believes that "it doesn't make a 
difference," then he should 
register a "none of the above"-
type ballot. By choosing none of 
the candidates, he will have 
shown that he knew what he 
was doing and was willing to 

' accept the choice of the other 
voters. 

Besides serving as an election 
process, the ballots perform 
another important function: they 
are the medium for student input 
on important referenda. Even if a 
student has no political opinion, 
he should at least express his 
opinion on important issues that 
affect the entire student 
population. For a referendum 
issue .. such as a proposed 
funding cut-off of the 
deSignation of an offiCial mascot, 
to be valid. a minimum of 20% 

of the student population must 
respond. To have some impact 
on the issues that concern 
UCSD, there must be tangible 
input from us, as students. 

Finally, we hear too frequently 
that "college is not like the real 
world ." In this case, UCSD 
closely models the "outside" 
world; voter apathy is a serious 
problem on the American 
political scene. Just this once, it 
would be nice if college were nol 
like the real world. 

~~frfrce1f~nceilit~1f~ll~ilitce1f~~~frfr<.err~ll®frfr®lf~ll®frfrcerr~llcefrfrce1f~ll®frfr<e1f~~ceilitce1f~n®frfr 
frce1f~lettersnceilitce1f~ll<efrfr<elf~ll®frtt®lf~~®frfr®1f~n®frfrce;1f~n®frtt®rr~n~frfr®lf~ncefrfr®1f~ 
1f~nceilitcerr~llcefrfrcelf~ncettfrce1f~ll®ilit®lf~n®{ill®rr~ncefrfr®1f~n®ilit<e1f~ncettft®rr~n<efrfrcelf~~~ 
~~frfrce1f~n®ilit~1f~llce1ill®lf~n<efrfr®1f~ncefrfrcelf~~®ilit®rr~n~ilit®1f~n®ilit®1f~n®frfr~rrn<ettfrc.e 
Editor: 

I'm having a hard time 
distinguishing between the race 
for the Democratic Presidennal 
nommation and the race for the 
Oscars. On April 9, 1984 
everyone will find out who the 
best actor in a leading role is, 
who the best supporting actress 
is, et al. What about Walter 
Mondale, Jesse Jackson and 
"what's his name" Han, not only 
do we see them on network 
news every night but last week 
they even had their own "show" 
with Dan Rather. I think the 
Academy should give outstanding 
performance awards for the 
Democratic Primaries. 

First, Jesse Jackson should get 
an award in the best-dressed 
category. The traditional Uniform 
of dark SUit and tie, day in and 
day out, does get a bit boring. 
Walter Mondale's outfits remind 
one of a 70s-style Ronald 
Reagan. Although we did see 
Gary Han deplane once in a 
plaid shirt and jeans, he isn't 
any better. Jesse Jackson's suits, 
however, look like they were 

tailored for him by someone who 
really wants him to win. 

He always looks crisp and 
fresh (except for ·the sweat 
rol\mg during the nationally-
televised debate . and who could 
blame him), and he sports .. 
narty collar tie pin . Jackson is 
even bold enough to wear colors 
other than dark blue and black. 

Jesse Jackson also deserves an 
award for the best supporting 
role in a national debate. His 
"rat-a-tat-tat" remarks about the 
verbal abuse between Mondale 
and Han hit the nail TIght on the 
head, and probably Will be the 
most memorable quote of the 
whole campaign. 

Finally, although Gary Han 
seemed for a time to be the hero 
of the Pepsi Generation, he's lost 
momentum. Jackson possesses a 
stamina and a Vitality that 
(despite low returns in the polls) 
just won't quit. The man has 
something; call It faith, soltdarity. 
inspiration, whatever It is, he 
deserves more from the people 
who vote. 

Marie Cappabianca·Smith 

We're lonely, talk to us 
The Guardian invites our readers to make use of the 

opinion section as an open forum to present and 
exchange their views on any subject Letters and anicles 
may be sent to the Opinion Editor at the Guardian, B-016, 
UCSD, La jolla, CA 9209~ or brought to our offices 
adjacent to the Che Cafe. Requirements for letters and 
Commentary pieces are outlined below. 

Commentary pieces may be submitted by any 
concerned individual. Pieces should be typed double-
spaced on a 72-character line. Anicles may be rebuttals to 
a Guardian story or letter. Whatever the subject, the writer 
should focus on a clear thesis. We reselVe the right to 
edit for clarity and style, but all major changes will be 
cleared with the author prior to publication whenever 
possible. 

Letters to the editor should be typed as above. Letters 
are generally written in regard to anicles or other letters 
printed in the Guardian . However, any letter of general 
intrest to UCSD students will be considered for 
publication . Letters may be edited when space requires, 
and spelling and grammatical errors may be corrected. 
The writer's name and phone number must accompany 
every anicle and letter. 

•• Editor 
Tim August 

Managing Editor 
Phil Uiuder 
Copy Editor 

Joe Desideno 
Opinion Editor 
Grace Nielsen 

Contributin& Opinion Editor 
David Wolf 

News Editor 
Lisa Lapin 

Contributing News Editors 
Christopher Canole 
Steven R. Fnedman 

Phil Willon 

Ans Editor 
Andrew Keeler 

Associatr Ans Editor 
John Nee 

Sports Editor 
Jeff Savage 

Photo Editor 
Rich Pecjak 

General Manager 
Chris Milke 

Associate General Managers 
Linda Lewis 

Valerie McMullin 

Photographers 
Rob Friedenthal 
Mark Johnson 

lUusuatoas 
John Ashlee 

Steve Kloepfer 

TypclClters 
Joe Desiderio 
Anggie lapid 
Phil Lauder 

Andy Laurence 

Production 
Paul Farwell 

Rob Friedenthal 
Lizz Funer 
Keney Neal 

Karla Spencer 

Stall' Writers 
lotnce Bernard, Ethan Feerst, 

David Fleminger, Robert Geyer, 
Mike Greenberg, Jackie 

Gladfelter, Kim Haddad, 
Christi na Kaus, Sergio Klier, Ian 
Langdon , Roben Leone, Michael 

Panos, Dena Rosen, Sharon 
Sogomian, ~en Taylor. 

The UCSD Guardian is 
published Mondays and 
Thursdays during the academic 
year by students at UCSD. Views 
expressed in the Guardian do not 
represent the views of the Regents 
of the University of California or 
the Associated Students of UCSO. 
All un-initialled editorials 
represent the views of the entire 
editorial board of the Guardian; 
initialled editorials represent 
minority opinions of the ednonal 
board . Reproduction . publication, 
or any use Without permission of 
any portion of this newspaper 
without prior notification is strictly 
prohibited. 

The GUClrdlan welcomes signed 
letters and commentary as outlined 
in the Opinion section; however, 
we are not responSible for 

. unsolicited manuscnpts or art. 
Our office is located southeast of 

the Revelle ProVOSt Office next 
jdooTto the Che Cafe on the UCSD 
campus. The Business Office is 
open from 9 am to noon and I pm 
to 5 pm Monday through Friday. 

Subscriptions are available and 
will be mailed first class for $15 per 
quaner. 

The UCSD Guardian 
UCSD,8-016 

Ua Jolla, California 92093 
(619) in-3i66 

. 

CommentaIY-

Right off Highway 52; 
take a left-at the signal 
By JACKIE BROWN 

In January, the trees along Highway 
52 were. bare. It was the beginning of 

my first quaner at UCSD, and the only 
term I had to describe my feelings was 
morning sickness. I thought I might get 
lost forever in an unending forest of 
eucalyptus trees - my only point of 
reference being an oversized badminton 
net, a colorful. large bird and a fountain . 

I read evety word of every aSSignment 
and informed my children that my 
closed bedroom door meant 1 was busy 
and do not disturb. This was serious 
business! 

casual attitude of my feUow students. 
They did not kiss the ground every 
morning! They instead taught me how 
[0 use my time more efficiently, how to 
laugh at myself (and even my profs!). 
how to pace myself and fly . 

We had deep discussions running 
around the gym floor. We shared 
resources in the library and gossip in 
the language lab. I was told how to 
enroll for the spring quarter, how to 
figure out when my finals were, when 
and how one obtained final grades (Do 
they give repon cards at UCSD?). 

I had gone from an adult in an adult's world and 
found myself all but sucking my thumb .... 

I had waited until almost my 31st 
birthday to apply to thiS institution, and 
made a number of long-distane calls 
when I got accepted. I had been told 
that I would have help choosing a 
course ·of study once I had matriculated. 
Not knowing what that meant (doesn't 
that have something to do with mother-
hood?) I envisioned an anointing ritual. 

The only oiling that took place was in 
my car and in my rusty head .. I 
submitted my very first lener-to-the-
editor of the Guardian and thought that 
the staff would rejoice at my 
accomplishment, rollout the red carpet 
and strike up the band. I was instead 
informed to type it out. 72 space/line, 
triple space between each line. 

Knowing UCSD as a political campus, 
I thought I'd choke on my amazement 
that the first petition I was asked to sign 
was to persuade Duran Duran to do a 
concen in San Diego! Totally 
uninformed of the ins and outs of the 
Reserve Desk in the library, I walked in 
without having first obtained my photo 
lD card . I know that life is full of bigger 
traumas, but I almost cried over this one 
right then and there. I had gone from 
an adult in an adult's world and found 
myself all but sucking my thumb while I 
made this dramatic transition. 

Given my extreme valuing of higher 
education, I was overwhelmed by the 

I heard aU the reasons why I should 
be glad I missed dormitory life and 
found out for myself that there is 
nothing to compare with seeing a movie 
with a student audience. 

Every assignment has been a joy as 
well as a challenge. As my second-grade 
son struggled with English reading. I sat 
next to him at the table and struggled 
with my language text. I read an article 
for my ethics class to my chicken-poxed 
four-year-old . We all practiced my 
aerobic dance routines to the Mighty 
690. I even -dreal1U-Qf conc~pts 
presented in my anthropology (lass. 
What an amazing IO weeks! 

My last paper got in and finals are 
over. My accomphshments include 
knowing where the Student Center is 
and the issues around the proposed 
new one. I have enjoyed the warmth of 
the Women's Resource Center and the 
SOCiology Lounge at Muir. I am a fan of 
the Health Center and am newly aware 
that the badminton net and colorful bird 
are both works of an. 

My fervent hope for this new quarter 
is to figure out if the Humanities Library 
is the same thing as the Cluster 
Undergraduate Library - I may be 
missing something vital here. 

So, off and running I go. Look Ma, I'm 
in love. And the trees along Highway 52 
are light green with new budding leaves. 

Engineering and 
Science Majors 

We have openings for qualified personnel in three distinct areas: 

OPERATING ENGINEER . Primary responsibility includes 
supervision of operating nuclear propulsion systems. 

DESIGNIRESEARCH ENGINEER· Working in the planning, testing 
and 'design aspects of engineering. 

PROFESSIONAL INSTRUCTOR - Teaching math. chemistry, 
physics and engineering to highly motivated. intelligent students 
on both the graduate and undergraduate levels. 

Salaries start in exce~ of S24.000 and rise to $50,000 iT! five years. 
Scholarships of $1,000 per · month· are available to ~xceptional 
students in their Junior and Senior years. -

QUALIFICATIONS; Male or Female. U.S. Citizen 
Ages 19 to 29 
College Graduates or 
Seniorsl]uniors. 
BS/MS preferred 
Good health 

For more information call 293·6691 
Monday·Wednesday, 8 am • 4 pm 

-- ul'l~IO'. 

Commenta~ 

Behind the counter 
By ELLEN ARTHUR 

Uist quarter, with the encouragement 
of a friend, I slipped i'ehind the counter 
of the Che Cafe and began to slice 
carrots. 

On that day, my first day of work, it 
never occurred to me that by the end of 
the quaner I would leave with the 
feeling that I had gotten more out of 
working there than I had put in. 

Of course, this had never occurred to 
me because somewhere along the 
educational treadmill, I learned that you 
can't win and that you can't even break 
even. 

It may be true that you don't "win" 
with the food credit system - $1 an 
hour worth of credit towards buying 
food and a $1.50 an hour credit for 
working more than six hours a week. 
You also get 25% off at all the other co-
ops on campus. However, you can make 
enough so that you can eat for free on . 
campus and, on occasion, when you're 
with someone really special, you can 
treat him or her to a cinnamon bagel 
with cream cheese or to a warm 
chocolate chif cookie . 

But the rea payoff for working at the 
Che is not so much in the material 
rewards, although that was what 
attracted me; it is working with other 
students in a cooperative effort 

Culinary skiRs are not a prerequisite 
for employment at the Che. When the 
com bread bauer is tOO dty and you 
don't know what to do about it. 
everyone will teU you, "Just ask Ral£, he's 
the com bread expen." So you call Ralf 
over and he helps you out. 

There is always a spirit of helping 
each other, and even though 
inexperienced, you are encouraged to 
trust your own judgment and 
"experiment." 

So you try, and even when your 
poppyseed cake turns to "poppyseed 
soup," nobody complains, because they 
all understand how it is when you first 
start cooking with huge proportions. 

On a particular morning, I was busy 
making five pans of apple pie crust and 
my eyes staned watering. I looked up 
and Jim, another worker, had waterfalls 
of tears flowing from his eyes, practically 
flooding the place. I'd never seen such a 
huge pile of onions on the table. He 
had cut about ten or eleven, and we all 
were beginning to cry. 

\ ,. 

4.(j-'-~~~~ 
Introductory Special 

. wit" tltu ,. Olily . 

12 Haircuts 
_....... for students 

with s~/«t~d hairstylists 
regularly $22 (women). $19 (men) 

Nails 
Sculplured Nails, reg. $40. "ow $25 
Fills, reg. $20. "ow $15 
Manicures. reg. $7, "OW $5 
Petii£'l4Yes. reg. $16. "OW $12 
julicllc Wrap, reg. $14, "ow $12 

8950 Villo IA JoII" Dr. 
SHite J 122 

IA Jollo. C". 92037 
Offer u/lirf!ll ,11 11184 

That day was panicularly special 
because my apple pie experiment is a 
prime example of the kind of 
cooperative effort the peopl~ down~there 
put in that makes the. Che the special 
kind of place that it is. 

We wanted to get rid of some apples. 
Henry suggested that we make apple 
pie. As I said, I made five pans of crust, 
then I left the project for the next 
worker to pick up (it is very common to 
start where someone else left ofT). 

The next person came in and made 
the filling which only made twO pies. 
Then Krissy had a brainstorm of using 
the leftover crust for the top. The pie 
was made, and every piece but one was 
sold by that afternoon. 

When [ came in the next morning, I 
saw the piece on the counter. I was 
surprised by the final product, and 
asked, "Is that the pie?" "Did you make 
that apple pie?" Henry asked in 
response. "It was delicious." I told him I 
had made the crust. Krissy explained 
how she and Bullet had finished it. 

An order had come up for apple pie, 
and I watched the last piece placed out 
on the pick-up window, followed by the 
familiar shout of a customer's name. 

At the end of the quarter, Gail and 
some of the other "core" members who 
run the place cooked a big dinner for aU 
the workers. They arranged the tables in 
a circle and put candles on them. Two 
workers played guitar music for us while 
we ate. 

During the meal, I kept reflecting 
back on the quarter. One time, Ralf had 
said that he was glad that I worked 
there and that it was people like me 
who really made the place, and I 
thought that was funny because to me it 
was he and all the "core" members who 
made the place so nice for me. 

I remembered the time Krissy had 
come in and exclaimed, "It's really nice 
to see you here, EUen!" That was nice to 
hear from the friend who encouraged 
me to get behind the counter and start 
slicing carrots. As [ finished my glass of 
wine and took the last bite of my 
quiche, I turned to my friend Jon -
who isn't a member but came to dinner 
and was welcomed as a member - and 
said, "The thing I like most about the 
Che is the fact that you get more from 
working here than you put in." 

When did you last challenge yourself? 
Or do something truly out of the ordinary? If 
it's been 100 long, go Outward Bound thil! 
year. Ctimb a mounlain. Captain a raft . 
Explore the canyons. While at the same 
time, learning. About nature. About people. 
About yourself. 
Colorado Outward Bound School 

~"" h Dept. C~ 1 f 
•

. .. 945 Pennsylvania 51. 
o Denver, CO 80203 

.- (303) 837·0880 



Pack two years of 
Army ROTC 

into six weeks. FCR BEGINNERS 
You can do it with our Two· 

Year Program. We'll send you to 
a special six·week Basic Camp 
the summer between your second 
and third years of college. And 
.that will make up for the first 
two years of Army ROTC. 

that will put you way ahead in 
almost any career, military or 
civilian. 

Sat April 14-Sun April 15 
Sat April 28-Sun April 29 

After that, it's back to 
college. Earning an extra $100 a 
month, up to ten months a year. 
Learning leadership principles 

If you're transferring from, 
junior college, or for some other 
reason were unable to take Army 
ROTC your first two years, you 
can still catch up. In the Army 
ROTC Two-Year Program. 

Army ROTC. The more you 
look at it, the better it looks. 

Joshua 1tee 
Cost Includes: 
.. Transporta tion 
.. Instruction 
.. Climbing Equipment 
.. Tents 
.. Cooking Equipment 
.. Supper: Saturday 
.. Breakfast: Sunda 

* No Experience Necessary 

$35 

][4064 Chuck Gormley 
Sign up and details at x4037 

Canyonvlew Admlnlstrattve Offices 
Department cI Phvsical EducatIon 

SPRING 
1984 lUiS 

Individual and Small Class Programs to 
Help You Develop Essential Learning Skills 

READING AND STUDY 
SKILLS CENTER 

452·2284 

OASIS SECOND 
STORY 

USB 4010 
~-------------,~-------------,--------------~PALCONFERENCES 

ACADEMIC SUCCESS 
PROGRAM (ASP) 

452·3760 
TUTORIAL PROGRAM THIRD PLACE 

452-2280 452·3284 

OASIS THIRD COLLEGE 

One-to-Qloe Personal ASSlsl -
ance for Learning (PAL) confer-
ences to perfect your skills and 
achieve your academiC goals 

STUDENT CENTER 
BUILDING B UNDERGROUND DINING COMMONS STUDY SKILLS HL 1254 102 WORKSHOP r-In-d-:-I-v-Id-u-a-I-a-S-S-Is-t-a-n-c-e-:-fo-r-t-O-p-E-N-S-M-O-N-D-ft4.-~-----t-O-A-S-IS-[j-"-ll-'oc-h-e-s -o-u-l -to-T-h-,rd~ (200 pm -4 00 pm) 

Educationa l Opportunity April 9 College We offer Time Management 4 It 
Program (EOP) and Student FREE P I How to Study Math and Sc,ence tutonng In mathematiCs ro esslona and Peer Counsel· Courses 4 18 
Affirmat ive Action (SAA) phySICS biology. chemistry Ing dally B30 a m -4 00 pm Mid Term Prep 425 
freshmen ProfeSSional and economics. statistiCS. and com- Tutonng In most lower-diVISion 
Peer counselors prOVide puter sCience I LeClure Notetaklng 5 2 c asses Mon ·Thurs 10 00 How 10 Concentrate al Will 59 ~~~I,~a:~~ ~~:~e~~VI~~~1 ~~ogol~ ~r_~~g pM~n F~~~~Sy ~:'d~~A6r~9 Tutonng begins ~et~bOok Reading for Recal l 
son31 . flrlanClal and SOCial 10 00 a.m -t 00 P m Schedules Will be available the How 10 Develop Memory Conlro' 
probler'1s Standing apPOint Study tables WIll be organized Ihlrd week 01 Classes al Thlfd 5 23 
m';lrlt~·are available to EOP for any lower-diVISion sCience or Place Fona ~ PrelJ 5 30 
SAA students along With math class JUSI get together Speed Rea(J,ng lC~I.Taklng Stralegles 66 
olher workshops ana spe- WIth four fnends and we Will find Thurs 9 00 am -t 1 00 a m NOI~ The5e workShops are a so 
clal OASIS sessions a tutor Siudy SkillS WorkShop T ues o!fered Ihrough Thord P:ace on 
Speakers' Series IS held to BE A TUTOR to 00 am·: 2 00 noon tl,()S 10 00 a rn -12 00 noon 
b I It t If d I Junlo's and seniors With a 300 LocatIOns 10 be announced ling acu y. s a an s u- SChedules are available at Thlfd dents together who share a GPA who have completed low· Place 

t t S f er-divIsion mathematiCS reo common 10 eres peci 'C Goal SettIng Life Work P.an. d t d t QUlrements are eligible to be· 
a es an Imes are an- come tutors New tutors enroll In nlng (also scheduled by 

nounced In the Guardian TFP 196 tor lour Units appointment) Man Fn 9 00 
Drop by our office. Mon -Fn am ·3 00 pm 
830 am -4 30 pm or call APPLY BEFORE APRIL 3 
for an appointment InterView for prospective tutors 

Tuesday Aprt l 3 to 00 am -
BE A PEER 2 00 p m HL 1254 
COUNSELOR 
Juniors and seniors wllh a 2 50 
GPA who are acllve In campus-
Wide programs and enfOy work-
Ing WIth undergraduate stu-
dents trom diverse cultures are 
encouraged 10 become 
peers All students Interested 

must take TEP 196 for lour units 
Apply before Aprol 3 InterViews 
for prospective "peers T ues 
April 3 10 00 am 200 p m HL 

MINI COURSES 
Speed Readong fI,I'ln & WeCl 
200 pm·3 00 pm 4 16-5 16 Or 
Thurs 900am "ooam 412· 
5 10 
GRE Prep Mon & Wed 400·700 
pm4g.423 

VOCABULARY 
DEVELOPMENT 
Ind,v,dua Ized vocabulary learn· 
Ing plans are available by ap' 
polnimenl 

DIAGNOSTIC TESTING 

1254 

Have your reading rate or com 
prehenSion diagnosed The key 
skills of rate. memory lor taclual 
Info and analytical comprehen· 
Slon WIll be assessed A follow· 
up conference Will prOVide a 
plan lor Improving your skills 

t------------'----- -------I For more mlormallon room 
Assistance Is available. numbers or to sign-up lor any of 
OASIS Admin. 452-3760 these aC!lvltles call or stop In 

8 00 a m ·4 30 p m 

THE LANGUAGE 
PROGRAM 
452-2284 

OASIS SECOND 
STORY 

USB 4070 
The Language Program proViCles 
aSSISlance 10 sludents whose IIrSI 
language IS not ~ngllsh and 10 
those dOing work on SpaniSh 
FrenCh. Ilaolan an<J olher Ian· 
guages Services Includo The 
Language Program class (Leve's I 
and II) the Grammar and Me-
chaniCS workshops (Levels I and 
II) the AcademiC Wilting In Span-
Ish class the Freroch and SpanoSh 
grammar holiine weekly work· 
shops SpaniSh frenCh Italoan 
and English as a second Ian· 
guage pronunCiation labs and 
one-Io-one conlerences for feed-
back on wntten dralts A diagnos-
tiC leSI 01 Wlillen EngliSh as a 
seconr1 language IS available on 
lequest Call 452·2284 for more 
Inforrnallon 

THE B.C. (BEFORE 
CALCULUS) PROGRAM 

452-3760 
STUDENT CENTER 

BUILDING B 

ThiS program IS deSIgned to-
Support EOP Sludents In thelf 
deslfe to excel In mathemallcs 
at UCSD Small groups 01 stu-
dents attend workshops tWice a 
week outSide of class At these 
workshops studen ts work on 
problems prepare lor exams. 
and hetp one another to master 
the course Students are under 
the superVISion and direction of 
a workshop leader 
Mdlh 4C IA & 18 Wollo.shops 
Days and Illnes to be announced 
One-Io-one personal <lSSlstdnce In 
rna!henratlcs Conlerences are 
available 10 sludents expelienClng 
dllflcu!ty on malhematlcs Siudy 
lechnlques and campus reo 
sources won be recommended 
Space In workshops IS IImlled 
and we oper ale on a forst corne 
Ilfsl-serve baSIS For more In· 
forrnal'on calf 452-3760 

WRITING CENTER 
452-2214 

OASIS SECOND 
STORY 

USB 4070 

One-to·one writing confer· 
ences avaltabte for ali stu· 
dents by apPOintment Cali 
452-2284 
WRITING CONFERENCES 
Sessions begin the second 
week of the Quarter 
THE GRAMMAR CLASS 
For all students who wart to 
learn how Eng lish sentences 
are constructed and where 
commo n e rrors In wri tten 
sentences occur Grammar 
terminol ogy wil l be ex· 
platned Useful lor editing 
and revIsing academiC 
pap"'s 
UPPER-DIVISION 
ADJUNCT 
For transfer students focus 
on short term papers. re-
"earch method com posI-
tion and organization 

DIAGNOSTIC TESTING 
The OASIS Writing Test 
assesses your strengths and 
weaknesses in writing and 
ediling academ iC papers . 
TestlOg IS avail able In the 
Writ ing Ce nter during the 
academiC year. You Will reo 
eelve an Ind iVidual confer· 
ence on your test scores. 

GRAMMAR MOSES 
HOTLINE 
452-2284 

Phone-Ill serv ice for help 
With diC tiOn. grammar. and 
punctuation problems. 
8 30 a.m ·4 00 p.m 

• 

April 5 J 984 7 

Past trends 

The History-------------
By STEVEN R. FRIEDMAN 
Achinoements: "Potly Irained at Ihree. Once stayed awake 
for (Ncr fourteen hours. " 
Prrvious Experience: Strvtd as His Supreme Silliness oj Ihe 
Silly Sludtnt Organizalion. Line monitor in sixlh gradt. 

Back in 1980 when "Silly Slate" candidate Jeremy 
Charlton won the ASUCSO presidential race in a run-
off against the experienced politician Linda Sabo, a 
definitive statement concerning the condition of 
campus politics was made. Students were caDing for a 
change in lI'llditional studem leadership. 

The tongue-in<heek attirude of the "Silly Slate" 
toward the old serious campus politics and student 
poIiticans caught the interestS and the imagination of 
the stUdent body. Students chose party hats, kazoos 
and name tags over worldwide issues, campaign 
promises and lI'lldhional AS politics. 

In the days since Charlton strode ReveUe Plaza in 
his bathrobe attire, handing out name tags in order to 
facilitate "better communication between students," 
three administrations have come to pass. Presidents 
Jules Bagneris, Henry Chu and Craig Lee have returned 
the seriousness of purpose attitude to campus politics. 
One would see the always supremely-composed 

Commissioner of what? 

The Positions 
By PHIL WlLLON 

Student apathy is a topiC that comes up often 
around election time. Less than 20% of the UCSD 
student body voted last year, and many students stiU 
don't know the name of their AS President. "People JUSt 
don't care: commented William Ansell. Commissioner 
of Elections. 

The AS received dose to a quarter of a million 
dollars this year from student fees, and its main 
objective is to recirculate that money in a manner that 
wiU benefit the students. Those students who are 
elected into office decide where such money is to be 
used and the amount that should be allotted in each 
case. Through these funds many events and 
organizations form, including TGIFs, the lecture nDles 
service, the Koala and over 150 other student 
organizations. 
, Students are now beginning to campaign for the 
various AS positions, and the following is a brief 
overview of the major executive and commissioner 
offices. 
AS President 

"I set the direction to what the AS should do in the 
future : says President Craig Lee of the responsibility of 
his office. It is the AS President who guides the AS 
CounCil, made of elected commissioners and college 
representatives, to meet the needs of the diverse 
student population. 

After being elected, the President submits a yearly 
budget to the AS Council for approval. This year, Lee 
had $240,000 to divide up between various student 
imerests. 

President Bagneris in a bathrobe about as often as we 
see Howard CoseU without his toupe. 

With the ascendancy of Bagneris to the Presidency 
in 1981, worldwide issues and political bantering were 
rerurned. The old guard faltered, but only for a short-
lived administration in the person of the "Silly Slate" 
(Charlton reSigned midyear due to scholastic conflicts). 

Yet it may have been ironic that when the old guard 
did return, it had to make its entry through the back 
door. Overexpenditures by the Josh Harris campaign 
disqualified the candidate and propelled the first Black 
President into office. A strong leader who frequently 
conflicted with the AS Council over political issues and 
his dubious personal expense account, Bagneris 
nevertheless made concrete attempts at gaining more 
student control over the UniverSity system. He even 
went so far as to shun the inauguration of Chancellor 
Atkinson because he believed that not enough students 

-
. 

~E'~I§f[] 
~(E'~I§fU 

The PreSident also acts as intermediary between the 
students, faculty and administration, discussing issues 
such as the recent parking crisis and the future of the 
new University Center. He feels the new center is 
crucial to the interests of students at UCSD: "We 
screwed up our first University Center, we can't screw 
up the second." 

President Lee was also insrtumental In the lifting of 
the Coors boycott earlier in the year, and is now 
working on rewriting the old AS Constitution which, 
he claims, "limits AS power." 
AS Vice President 

AS Vice President Elizabeth Woodworth is 
responsible for chairing both the AS Council meetings, 
which involve the major student Issues, and those of 
the Financial Committee. which adjusts the budget 
submitted by the AS President. 

In order for the AS to run in an organized and 
efficient way, it is imponant for the Vice President [0 
have a keen knowledge of what the President and all 
of the Commissioners are doing. 

The Vice President is also expected to perform other 
external duties. Currently, Woodworth is the AS 
representative on the Student Center Board and is 
involved with alumni and administration relations. 

If. for any reason, the President is absent , it is the 
Vice President's responsibility to perform the duties 
and exercise the powers of the President 
Commissioner oC Communications 

The ASUCSO provides more money for alternative 
media than any other UC campus (over $60,000 for 

representation had been allowed in the selection 
process. 

As Jules Bagneris and Vice President Alma Key were 
important in establishing minOrity representation at 
the presidential level and providing a strong stance on 
pressing political issues, subsequeiu administrations 
have been comparatively devoid of both minority 
representation and political leadership. 

Both the Henry Chu and the present Craig Lee 
administrations have dedicated the majority of their 
efforts toward fiscal issues. Moneymaking adventures 
such as the AS Cal~ndars and restraints on the budgets 
of KOST, the Council for World Democracy HIm series 
and the current rewriting of the AS constitution, which 
seeks to create more efficiency through the 
establishment of a three-branch government, have been 
the main foci of these administrations. Of course, the 

please tum to page 8 

~(EI~t]g~ ! ] 
~EI~tI2~! ) 

this year alone). It is the Commissioner of 
Communications' job [0 allocate this money to the 
various media and to monitor their use of the funding 
th roughout the year. 

To help beuer understand the needs of the 
alternative media (which include the Koala, KSDT and 
the new indicator), the Commissioner organizes, and is 
a part of. A Media Board , made up of representatives 
of the media receiving AS monies. 

The present Commissioner. Tim Pickwell, is working 
on ways [0 reduce the massive funding of the 
alternative media. "It's a real abuse of student funds ," 
he commented. He's trying to make them become 
more se1f-sufficiem and money-conscious. 

Pickwell still disagrees with the student-approved 
motion that cut AS funds for the conservative 
newspaper The California Review, saying that it was 
more of a political move than an economic one: "Even 
if it costs more money, we should have many different 
viewpOl nts." 

Commissioner oC Programming 
"I think programming is the best public relations for 

the AS," said Commissioner Greg Hemperly in an 
earlier Guardian interview. "It's where the students see 
their money going." 

Hemperly is the guy in charge of organizing the 
TGIFs and all the other campus-wide activities. 

Programming received $33,000, and it was 
Hemperly's job 10 proVide a broad program of events 

please tum to page 8 

SOFT CONTACT LENSES Affirmative Action Policy 
in 
most cases 

INCLUDES: 
Contact lenses, examination, 
patient training, follow up, 
chemical care kit and fitting. 
EXTENDID WEAR LENSES 
ONLY $165.00 

THE CLASSICAL EYE 
DR. ROBERT HEUEIt OP1fOA1.n1t1UI 

La Jolla Village Square 
(Inside the Mall; Lower Level) 

8657 Villa La Jolla Ol'lve • Suite 136 
451-7374 

Hydrocurve ~tended wear lenses available. 

"In accordance with applicable state and federal laws, 
and university policy, the University of California does not 
discriminate in any of its policies, procedures, or practices 
on the basis of race, color, national origin, religion, sex, 
sexual orientation, age, veteran status, medical condition (as 
defined in Section 12926 of the California Government 
Code), ancestry, or marital status, nor does the University 
discriminate on the basis of citizenship with the limits 
imposed by law or university policy." 

In conformance with applicable laws and university 
policy, the university is an affirmative action/equal 
opportunity employer. 

Inquiries regarding the UniverSity'S equal opportunity 
policies may be directed to the campus affirmative action 
officer, (619) 452.-6861.. 



History 
continued from page 7 

traditional rock 'n roU TGs have not 
been neglected. but have become bigger 
and more glamorous affairs than ever 
under the direction of the last two 
administtations. 

The tendency in the last years to lean 
toward financial issues over political . 
issues may be a reflection of the neo-
conservatism that has overtaken this 
country in the last few years, as weU as 
the troubled national economy. 
"Probably the bottom line is that in the 
conservative times since Reagan was 
elected. a more conservative student has 
emerged on campus," said Student 
Organization Advisor Randy Woodard . 
"That factor. coupled with the pressing 
economic situation, has aroused a 
greater emphasis on earning power. 
Ithus] YU\4.get a more serious student." 

If "serious stUdents" have replaced 
"sLUy students: somewhere between the 
Bagneris administration and the present 
AS. minority students have been left out. 

The combination of the struggling 
national economy and a conservative 
leadership in state and federal politiCS 
has led to increased student fees while 
finanCial aid has been dramaticaUy cut 
back. The fewer number of minority 
students who are able to attend UCSD 
must make increasingly difficult priority 
decisions between class work, pan-time 
employment for financial needs and 
campus politics. The nearly all-white 
middle-class AS composition attests to 
which interest' has been losing out. 

Possibly, in this spring's AS election, 
students will seek a new administration 
fOCUSing on the impending problems of 
hOUSing, parking. educational quality 
and student fees that have been set 
aside as of late. If AS history is any 
indication , a fresh and diverse group of 

student leaders must be elected. 
Homogeneity only breeds a smaD vision 
of possibility for change - in any 
direction. 

Certainly, one must remember that 
this University, in terms of its political 
machinery, is stiU in its formative years. 
Only seven years have passed since the 
AS was formed. and many times the 
growing pains were apparent. "I think it 
was feeling itself around in the dark. 
trying to figure out what animal it was." 
commented Woodard. "In the last few 
years it has been crawling towards 
something." 

The onus of responsibility for change 
was too heavily laid upon the shoulders 
of a selected few. As students, we must 
remember that we aU face similar types 
of finanCial, scholastic and social 
pressures. To point the finger at any 
panicular segment because the 
University is deficient in some areas, 
without panicipating in the decision-
making process, only leads to 
regression. 

If the campus wants to move forward 
in an elfon to act upon the pressing 
campus issues (i.e., housing, parking, 
fees , etc .), then student leaders and the 
student body must somehow engender a 
political cli mate that will focus and act 
upon these issues. 

Financial Aid Deadline 
1984-85 

ATe You Set FOT Next YeaT? 
This is a reminder to all who want to be 

considered for financial aid for 1984~85. The 
deadline to complete your financial aid file to 

be considered for aid for all three quarters of 
1984--85 is May 1, 1984. It is your respon, 

sibility to know the required documents and 

submit them by this deadline. If your file is 
completed after May 1, you will be considered 
for winter and spring quarter financial aid only. 

Depending on the availability of funds, late 

applicants may not be fully funded. 

Student Financial Services strongly urges you 

to complete your file as soon as possible to be 

considered for fall quarter aid, thereby avoiding 

the inevitable last minute rush. 

DO IT NOW! 

Positions 
continued fro m page 7 
that would appeal to general as weU as 
specific interests. 

Besides TGs, he was responSible for 
bringing bands. guest lecturers, movies 
and the upcoming Sun God Festival and 
Cinco de Mayo celebrations to the 
campus. 

Hemperly is also in charge of creating 
a Programming Committee to better 
handle the heavy workload of the 
Commissioner. 
Commissioner of Public Relations 

The Commissioner of Public Relations 
has the lOugh job of trying 10 unify a 
very segregated UCSD student body. 

This is done by keeping students 
informed of an that the AS and student 
organizations are involved in and of 
their upcoming activities. 

With the help of a Public Relations 
Committee, the Commissioner's primary 
task is to distribute the appropriate 
information to both the campus and 
outside media and to post flyers around 
school. The Commissioner must also 
inform those outside the UCSD campus 
on all the actions and activities in 
which the AS and stUdent groups are 
involved. 

The current Commissioner, Lisa 
Wagner, says that she is always involved 
in helping other commissioners to 
publicizt their activities and projects. 

Wagner says she finds her role in 

26 

bringing students IOgether important 
because, "If students don 't know about 
an activity, they can't get involved in it." 
Commissioner of Appointments and 
Evaluations 

"A lot of Council members feel their 
only responsibility is to be elected to the 
AS: charges Marc Boroditsky, 
Commissioner of Appointments and 
Evaluations. 

His job is to evaluate the 
performances of an AS Council members 
in coordination with the AS Judicial 
Board, as wen as to appOint student 
representatives to aU campus-wide 
ASUCSD-related committees. 

He must maintain constant 
communication with the represenuives 
in such committees as the Academic 
Senate. Registration Fee and Education 
Policy, and to repon back to the AS. 

The quality of his AS-approved 
appointments is crucial. They are toe 
students' voice on the issues such as the 
'plus-minus' grading system, funding for 
various student services (including 
intramurals) and evaluating the level of 
general education requirements. 
Commissioner of Elections 

This is one of your more "relaxed" AS 
positions. because this position reaUy 
lasts for only one-and-a-half months out 
of the year. The Commissioner is 
respons ible for seuing up and running 
the AS elections along with organizing 
procedures for any student referendum 
that may come up during the year. 

It is the Commissioner's job to recruit 
volunteers to run the poll sites and 
count the votes and to publicize the 
election to get more students to vote. 

Commissioner William Ansen did 
take some action in reducing the 
amount of money that students can 
spend when running for office. The 
maximum funding was reduced by 525 
to 5125 for those running for an AS 
position and by 525 for those running 
for coUege representative. 

. 3tK If I-y pare ..... of ~l .• -o-r-.. -o-... --.1 
• We .... ho.or all 

1030 Torrey Pia •• Rd. 
at Hench" 

La Jolla 

Best Sale of the Year 
$25 OFF 
14K Gold 

$15 OFF 
10K Gold 

All Other Rings $11900 
Place: 
University Bookstore 
Date: 
April 4, 5 & 6 

ASTHMA 
/VI Asthma Drug Study, using a new drug, needs volunteers who are 

males 18-60 ~rs of age with asthma . wheezing, cough or shortness 
of breath. 

ThIs study Includes: • Stipend (payment for participation) 
• Orawlng of blood 
• Conveniently scheduled visits 

Bo«d Certified Allergist I Internist For rurth6 info. 
Walftn Plcskow M.D. 436-3988 

I 

The peril of Black's 
By PAUL lAZERSON 

If you're looking for a good example 
of schizoph~nic governmental policies, 
you need go no fanher than Black's 
Beach ' in LaJolla. Controversy has again 
been swirling around this picturesque 
meeting of towering clitIs, breezy blue 
sky and some of the largest waves in the 
state. 

The San Di~ City Council voted on 
March 19 against a proposal to close 
another 1,800-foot section of state-
owned beach, but to continue the 
closure of the city's 1.200-foot strip of 
sand including Goat Trail , which leads 
from the gliderpon to the illegal area. 
This ban went into effect in 1982 as a 

~sult of a massive slide of din and rock 
that covered much of the city's beach. 

But the council went one step past 
what might be considered reasonable 
c3Ulion when it rejected Deputy City 
Manager Sue Williams' recommendation 
that the Wi ter directly in front of the 
forbidden pan of the beach be kept 
open to surfers and swimmers. People 
win only be aDowed to walk through the 
closed zone and may be cited if they set 
up camp there. 

II , as the city comends, it is losing 
the beach because of the danger of rock 
slides, why beachgoers are anowed to 
walk near the hazardous clilIs but are 
forbidden to swim in the water is a 
mystery. The council indicated that it is 

fearful of the legal repercussions of 
people being injured while using the 
beach - with some cause. as two 
lawsuits against the city stemming from 
accidents at Black's are in the CDUns 
today - but this hardly explains closing 
an area in which the possibility of being 

UC5D c ..... ) 

BE AU. THAT YOU CAN BE. 
'CAUSE WE NUD YOU IN W.CoS.G. 

Posttions we need YOU for are: . 
CouDcII OIbm <PIa •• V:P .. SK'y .• Treu.) el ExecutIve 
loud IIen+-n • Commuter Gov't (COG) ChaIr • 

~.mmlntl Comm ..... e Yearbook CommIttee 
ChaIr e Camp .. CoIIIIdon Cor CuIIurel Concema (4C) 
ChaIr • Padta .... nIadan • 4 judIc:IaJ BoucIIfembers • 
and 3 Rap .I.n""'" to the ASUCSD 

C,"",fdecy forma ...... In the Wenen P!ovoM'. BuIdIn8. 
· ........ all: 

Monday. Apr112Dd -Monday, Apr119tb. (ends at II noon) ONLY. 

Are You 
CAmOUC 

But Don't Know Why? 

Join Fr. Frank Sabatte and other students 
to find out... 

Every Tuesday EvenInQ at 7:30 
StartIn8 Aprd 10 at the 
CathoDe l.oun8e at the 

Unlverslty Lutheran Church 
(acrOa tom ..... , 

452-1957 
Sponsored by the Catholic Students Coordinators of the 

Cathollc Community at UCSD. 

injured in a slide is remote at best. 
Some nudist activists have charged 

that the Ll!y is looking for a pretense to 
shut the beach down completely to stop 
the nude sunbathing that still is 
Widespread, despite a 1977 city 
ordinance forbidding it. It is no secret 
that the council would like to see the 
nudity stopped, but realistically, a 
weekend stroll down the beach is 
enough to show that nude sun 
worshipers are not limited to the city's 
ponion of the beach. 

What about the rest of this 4.6-mile 
stretch of rugged coastline? UCSD owns 
- up to the median high tide line -
the beach from Scripps nonh to Box 
Canyon , where the city-owned section 
begins. The state owns the beach nonh 

of the closed area up to Del Mar. 
UCSD's section of the beach and 

water remain open. Vice Chancellor for 
Business and Finance Dr. Herman 
Johnson says. "The University is looking 
into the situation. and will keep the 
beach open for the present time." He 
added that the beach couki be closed if 
the city and state task force looking into 
the problem recommended it be done. 

The Inconsistency of the city's and 
University's positions are alarming. If 
the city is right and the c1ilfs a~ an 
immediate danger. why is UCSD's 
section open? 1£ the possibility of 
another large slide is remote , wh~ has 
the city closed a beawiful pan of the 
public beach? . 

pltase tum to page 10 

-<>-odc ..... ' 

F_ 1JoI.s.1IjpII'o'IIcr willi 11 .,... 
IJIPINIICI& wlllIIIICk .. 1nii •• 1IIon "...., 

IndUdInS 

• '---MIIl Nlldl .. 
• .,. ......... Dft 
• T.B, •• , WIDIIc ..... 
.M". 
... utl ....... 
• Dill"""" 
........ IIICI.an 

We 1IftI'IIdI---,.... .... IIIIIIII 
COl • . "1"' fer ..... ~IbRIIIIaft_ 

........ 
AaIIIIIIr .. '-

734 s-oIII ,..,..., SIn 01IIII. CA 91101 
..... 

!f' SENIOR NURSE 
STUDENTS I-

Adventure ... Challenge ... 
Professionalism! 

An exciting job with 
opportunities for world-wide 
travel, career development, 
professional growth. excellent 
benefits. BSN graduates or 
senior students are eligible, H 
you're going to be someone, 
special ... Be a Navy Nurse! For 
more information call 293-
6691, Monday-Wednesday, 8 
am - 4 pm . 

...----CONDOMINIUM---.... 
LUXURIOUS 2 bedroom, 2 full baths, 1,259 square feet of living 
space - all on one ftoorl No gloom here - cathedral ceiNng with 
sky light Built-In mlO'O\Na\Ie oven and ~ other 
embellishments. TWo car garage with automatic door opener 
)'et you can walk to UCSO and Beth EI. 

'141,100 
How.cl Rodgers 57.27. 
Dolphin .. ..- 57.9650 



10 AprilS, 1984 
NEW . 

• ~ ' .. ,"~ .... ~.~ • x .;.;~.~. ~:-.» .. ~... ~":""'..( ,<_. ... ,~ .. »., -,. . '... .. ;;. M '. .. " ~ ",.' v "is; ~"{' '" -0:; '.. ... 

Black's 
continued from page 9 

Another confusing detail in this story 
is UCSO's position regarding its 
ownership of the beach and attendant 
responsibilit ies. Vice Chancellor 
Johnson was questioned about the fact 
that the University proVides no lifeguard 
service at all for its part of Black's 
(except at Scripps Pier, and that service 
is paid for by the state). He answered 
that it is not the Universiry's 
responsibility to provide protection , 
because the actual swimming "zone" is 
not owned by the school. 

Whether technicaUy responsible or 
not, the absence of lifeguard service can 
be peri lous. Lt. AI Bunon , head of the 
City's Nonhern t.ifeguard Division 
repons that a near triple drol'ming was 
only averted because he happened to be 
driving by at the time. All three of the 
men - UCSD students - required 
mouth-to-mouth resuscitation, 

The expense of year-round service for 
UCSD's ponion of Black's would be 
considerable, perhaps as much as 
$100,000, accordin~ to Lt. Burton. But if 
UCSD is to keep its section open, it 
might be a necessary expenditure. 

For ~tudents, It IS 111lpOrla~t 10 know 
that access to Black's can be legally had 
in four ways: by \V'alking (a long, long 
walk) on the beach from Scnpps In the 
south or from Torrey Pines State Beach 
In the north ; the most popular route 
dol'm Black's Beach Road , located ofT of 
La Jolla Farms Road across from 
campus; or by the Indian Canyon Trall 
which begins on the cliffs at the 
southern end of the Gliderport. 

Once on the beach, the only 
lifeguarded and open area is I10rth of 
the ciry-owned section, about r.5 miles 
north of Black's Beach Road. It is legal 
to swim or sunbathe at, or immediately 
nonh and south of, the road , but the 
currents are tricky, and there is a 
conse nsus that only strong swimmers 
should venture out into the deep water. 

For the good of everyone concerned , 
a task force made up of ciry, state and 
UCSD officials should get together and 
decide on a long-term management 
strategy for the beach. If it is to remain 
open, as most San Diegans are hoping, 
safe access and Ii feguard service should 
be provided . If the cliffs are so 
hazardous that the beach cannot be 
made safe , it should be closed . The 
qUIck fix solutions that have been put 
fonh lately are only deferring a decision 
that wiu have to be made sooner or 
later. 

THE UNCOMrvQ\J IMPORT 
DOSEQ!!IS 

Legislature shuns decrease 
By JACKIE AFFONSO 
Sacmmento Correspondent 

While the UC Board of Regents and 
Governor George Deukmejian are 
prepared to give students a $70 fee 
decrease , it appears the Legislative 
budget committees are not. 

The Senate Finance Subcommittee, 
now holding budget hearings. and the 
Assembly Ways and Means Committee. 
also responsible for conducting budget 
hearings and review, received the 
Governor's proposal to add an 
additional $4.1 miUion [0 the UC 
budget a week after the University. 

Consultant for the Senate Finance 
Committee, Dan Wall , could not predict 
what action the subcommittee would 
take on the increase but termed the 
Governor's proposal "obscure and 
inconsistent." 

"What the Governor is advocating is 
not a consistent policy," he said. 

Deukmejian proposed an increase in 
the 1984-85 budget two weeks ago, after 
he realized inflationary costs of student 
service programs would deplete more 
than half of the $70 fee reduction. The 
$4 .1 million is an addition to his initial 
proposal to use $7.2 million in general 
state fund money to suppOrt UC 
student· funded affirmative aClion and 

- -- .. _ .... 

C' CERVlCERIA "'OCTElUM~. S A 

EQP programs. 
Without the addition, UC officials 

had decided student fees could on ly be 
reduced by $31. The Regents 
announced the Governor's latest action 
at the March 15 ",'teting and approved 
a $70 fee decrease . 

WaU said the Governor is supponing 
the use of state general fund money for 
inDation by student programs. 
histOrically funded by student fees, but 
not restoring the $7,2 million he cut 
from the University budget last year. 

Last year's cut by the University. in 
health sciences, approved in the 
Governor's budget, was voted down by 
the Senate Finance Subcommittee last 
week. Although not committing himself. 
Wall said that if the committee is going 
to be consistent, it may also approve the 
$4.1 million increase. 

Even before the UC budget has been 
heard in the Asembly Budget 
Committee , an overview of the entire 
postsecondary budget by Assembly Ways 
and Means concluded the Governor's 
budget is "inequitable." Sta te general 
fund money is distributed unevenly 
among the three segments of higher 
education, according to the repon. 

WHERE'S 
THE BEEF? 

it's at Muir RathskelIar. 
Try our burgers, fries, 
subs,soups,~ads,hot8t 

cold sandwiches. 
Beginning 4-9-84 -

New Weekly 
International Specials. 

AS. and 
COLLEGE 

ELECTIONS 
Filing 

Deadline 
Is MONDAY 
APRIL 9th at 
12:00 noon 

(no exceptions!) 
MANDATORY 
Candidates 

MeeHng 
MONDAY, APRIL 9th 

5:00 pm 
North Conference 

Room 
All CANDIDATES 

MUSTAUEND. 

112 lEV 
Volume 10 Number 11 Spring Quarter 

Revelle Residence Hall 
Intern POIitiODI 
Reierrals arc now aVllilabl~ at Student 
Employment for the followinll two intern 
po.itiona: 
WHY NOT HERE? MANAGER 
Thit it a 15 hour po:!' w..o:k job. Ten hours will 
bo: room only compen.arion for lull 
coorJination of tho" student run Revdle Coffee 
Ho.-, orderinll and purchaainll luppli.:s anJ 
recruitinllo traininll and IChNulinll voluntL"r 
work houri; the intern will allO be paid for 5 
hours of prOjll'ammillil events per w~k such as 
movin, musical performance., game 
tournamo:nts, etc. (R.:ferral IIOW .. 269) 
EDUCATIONAL/ FACULTY 
PRCKJRAMMING INTBllN 
Thil poIition provides ten hours per w..o:k 
room only compmaation. Thil Intern will 
provide and assist with reaular academic 
prOlP'ammina in tho" Revdle Residence Halls. 
Special attention will be !liven to prOjll'am& 
which relate to the Revelle academic 
curriculum such u daas review -'ons. 
(Ro:ferraIIlOW"268) 
Applications due April 16. If you have 
questions, call the Revelle Reaident Dean's 
Officc at 452-3025. 

HEALTH TIPS 
by Jong Lee, Student Health Adwcate 

Detect Cancer EarlV 
April is Can,,-er Awaren.;ss Month. Here arc 
some facts about cancer from your Stude.nt 
Health Advocates, Health Education and 
Women's Clinic. Did you know that one out of 
thirteen women suffer brllllSt cancer? And 
althoullh only 2 % of men have tatkular cancer, 
a majority of thlim occur duttnccho" .. tw~nty 
to thirty, the most produL'tivc yea ... r It's also 
true that urerine canccr ia the thirJ most 
common malignant Jikale for American 
women. 

Most of the time theSt! cancers ar~ curable today 
prOVided that they are detected early enoul/h. 
Self examination is <>Do: of the best ways to 

l.cleI:.:ct cancer .:afly. For Ntance, 95% of the 
women with breat cancer Jctc:cted lumps in 
their brellU themlelv.:.. The fol1owinll 
information J.:scribes breut Idf exam, 
teldcular so:lf exam, and a "Pap" .mear - a 
uterine cancer acreo:nina teat (thia muat bo: Jone 
by a health eire profaaional). 
Br_ Self Exam (SSE) • Firat in front of a 
min-or, examine your breuts at these tllRe arm 
poaitionl: 1. Ar"" at tidea 2. HanJ. on wain 
anJ flex the musdea around tho" breuts 3. 
Arms up high. Thero look for any chanK" in 
contour of each breast, __ Uinllo dimplinal, 01' 
cnllnM'" in nipple. Second, lying flat, put a 

or foldo:J towd under riaht shoulder and 
hand under your head. Use your riaht hand 

check your kfr b~ast. Work in a apiral from 
.:Jge of the breast tOWIrd your nipple, 

IraUUIUIY. R.:peat the procedur~ with pillow 
your lefr shoulder to ~xamine riaht 

bl'CUt. SSE should be Jone ""ery month, one 
~k after the period begins. 
T at;':_ Self E:ram • After a warm bath or 
ahowcr, roll each testicle IICndy between thumb 
and nlljlen of both hanJ.. Look for any harJ 
lumpl, nodules and any sipIa of unuaual 
""larllC_nt. TSE shoulJ be Jone once a 
month, every month. 
Ukrilk! Cuncer Od.uion· A "Pap" smear it an 
examination of cells colltOCted from the IIlIIIina 
anJ cervix by a cotton .wab Ot a Hick anJ 
examinL..J under a miaOKOpe. A Pap .mear is 
.imple and painkA. It detect. lII\y chanp in 
the cervical cdls 10 that tho:v .:an be treat"'" 
before they become dal\il=l'ous. 
When doilll! a .df exam, you are learni"ll what 
yuur body f~ls anJ looks like normally. If you 
det .. -ct any chanlle and you're suapicious, 
contact the Studcnt Health So:rvke at: 452-
3.300, ur your doctor. 
If you'd like to know more about tho:ac! self 
exams or wuuld like tu have. "Pap" smear 
.lone, com~ into the Women 's Clink. 
Information about thdc eXaJ1\l and birth 
control is Illso lIill"n at birth control 
inforllUltion ICSSions I~ad by Srudent H.:alth 
AJvo<:ates. Chcck for the ncw ...... ion tilN:S in 
the weddy achalule of tho" GtwrJiun. 
You can alao drop by tho" North Coni'erL'IlCe 
Room of the StuJo:nt vnt.:r WeJnc'Sday, AprIl 
11th from 11:00 am to 1:30 p.m. topartkipatc 

Jia.::uuion, s« • film, pkk up p.unphletl on 
anJ SSE. For more intorllUltion, pie..., .:all 

AROUND THE PLAZA 
Thursday, April S - NPB Concert, Anny 

of~, Noon on the Plaza 
Frida" April 6 - RCC APPLICATIONS 

DUE!!! 
Friday, April 13 .. Committee Appoint-

ment Applications Due 
Saturday, April 14 - RPB Video Dance in 

Revelle Cafe 
Monday, April 16 - Resident Intern 

Applications due in Resident Dean'. 
Office. 

eaTeer Planning fI Placement 
SPECIAL EVENTS, Sprinl Qparter 
so YOU WANT TO WORK WITH 
PEOPLE 
Wednesday, April II, 2:00-4:00 p.m., North 
Confer""ce Room, Stud~nt Center. 
CAREER PATHS FOR MENTAL 
HEAL TIl PROFESSIONALS 
ThuraJay, April 12, 3:30-4:30 p.m., North 
Conference Room, Student Center. 
GENERAL &. fORENSIC DENTISTRY 
Monday, April 16, 3:CJO.. .. :00 p.m., North 
Conference Room, Student Center. 
CAREER OPPORTUNITIES "D",V,~LIl 
FACT OR FANCY? 
WNnesday, April 18, 2:00·":00 p.m., 

. International Centcr. 
WOMEN IN MEDICINE 

W~dncsday, April 18. 4:00 p.m., North 
Confermce Room, Student Center. 
YOUR fiRST JOB: MAKING TIlE 
CAMPUS. TQ..C()MPANY 
CONNECTION 
Thursday, April 26, 2:QO..<f:00 p.m., North 
Conference Room, Srudent Center. 

WORKSHOP SCHEDULE 
All the workshops are approximately one: hour 
and will be ho"ld in the Rell~lIe Formal Lounge 
unless specified otherwise. 
YOUR SKlLUYOUR CAREER 
Monday, April 9, 2:00 p.m.; Friday, April 20, 
11:00 a.m.; Thursday, May 3, 3:00 p.m.; 
Thursday, May 10, 11:00 a.m. 

----I}08 MARKET T RENDS 

Involvement Opportunities 
for 1984/85 Academic Year 

Applicatlons for the six (6) Revelle College Council positions are due on Friday, April 6th. in the Revelle 
Dean's Office. These representatIves will be elected through the campus-wide election later tbis month. 
Applications for the three (3) Auociated 5rudent Representatives are also available and due April 6th. 
For more information about theae po$irions, call or atQp by the Revel1~ Dean's Office. The Revelle CoIl. 
Council is also seekina applianta to All:. the comlnittees listed below. Pick up an application 'in the 
Revelle Dean'I Office today. 
PROCEDURES 
1. Comple~ the application, apecifyina the committee or commimea to which your are seekina an 
appointment, and return to the Revelle Dean's Office. 
2. SlIP' up for an interview time in the Revelle Dean's Offic~. You wiU be interviewed by members of the 
ReveUe CoIleae Council. 
REVELLE COMtollIIEE POSmONS (Number 01 poeitiona nalbble) 
Revelle Prop.. Baud (2 Freshmen and 8 ocher.) 
Ov_ a budtet 01 approximacely ",000. Board membe ... plan coU.-wlde prOlflll\l. activities and 
entertainment. They meet weekly throuahout the year. 
Revelle Faculty Proinm Board (2 Freshmen and 5 othen) 
Plan prOlflll\l involvinlltUdenta and faculty indudina foruma, coUoqula, brown-bq lunches and other 
informallitherinp ol.tudenca with fKu1ty. They meet wcddy throuIhout the year. 
Revelle Noon ~ Baud (2 Freahmcn and 5 othera) 
Plan I balanced variety of noon and daytime activitia includina concera, entertainment and special 
eventa. They meet weldy throuahout the year. 
Revelle Onduadon Cwamlaec (Unlimited) 
ReIponaible for pIannins the commencement proaram. For lCIlion only. 
Revelle JudicW c-auttee (5-8 ~itions open) 
Reviews policies and recuJatiolll at Revelle Col. and providea I mechaniam for diaciplinary appeala. 

Wednesday, April 25, 2:00 p.m. 
RES UME WRITING 
Tu"sday, ApnllO, 2:30p.m.; Fnday, Apnl13, 
1:00 p.m.; W~Jnt:Sday, April 18,9:30 a.m.; 
Thursday, April 19, 11:00 a.m.; Wedn .. -sday, 
April 25, 10:00 a.m.; Tuesday, May 1, 11 :00 
a.m.; Wedn .. -sJay, May 2, 3:00 p.m.; and 
Monday, May 7,2:00 p.m. 
INTERVIEWING SKILLS 
Thursday, April 5, 10:00 a,m.; Thursday, 
April 12, 2:00 p.m.; Wednesday. April 18, 
1:00 p.m.; Monday, April 23, 2:00 p.m,; 
Friday, May", 10:30 a.m.; and Tuesday, May 
8, 10:00 a.m. 
fiNDING THE HIDDEN JOB MARKET 
Wedneaday, April 18, 2:30 p.m.; Friday, April 
27, 11 :00 a.m.; Tuesday, May 1,2:00 p.m.; 
and Wednesday, May 9, 11:00 I.m. 
ORIENTATIONS TO ON.CAMPUS 
INTERVIEWING 
Thursday, April 5, 3:00 p.m.; Friday, April 6, 
11:00 a.m.; Tuosiay, April 10, 1:00 p.m.; 
Wednesday, April 11,3:00 p.m.; Wednesday, 
April 18, 11 :00 a.m.; Thursday, April 19, 2:00 
p.m.; and Friday, April 20, 10:00 a.m. 

&e.elIe ~ Hall aiuI A.,.n-t 
aa- Draw tak. place thia -m. 
AppIkadom are due in the RaYen. 
a...w-t Dem'. Office by MonM" AIIril 
1&11. ~ 4.'&II4S2-30ZS if you haft_., 
qu.t .... 

&e.elle CumculUDl Review Ccmmittee (Unlimited) t---------------II 
Revisea Revelle Curriculum requirements and make recommcndatiolll to the Rev~lIe Coli. Council and 
ERCUtive Committee. 
.... Ie Commurer Mn-y Baud (6 Rcaional poaitiOl'll) 
Plana projeca and JlI'OIII'ama to enhance the experience of commuters at Revelle, Includinl development of 
lpCCial commuter reaourc:a and commu~r-realdent activities. 
ReYelle Sundry Scare Committee (6 .Ndents) 
Review polides and procedures for the Sundry Store. 
Revelle ColI. Bowl Comminee (Unlimited) 
Orpniaea and promorc. the Revelle CoIl. Bowl. 
CAMPUS-WIDE COMMrl'TEE POSmONS (Number of poaitiona available) 
CouDMIIDt and ~I Sen1ea AdviIory "-m'ttee (I ReveUe Rep.) 
Adviaea DIrector 01 Counadinc and Psycholopcal Services reprdina their effcctlvcneu and policies. 
Student pln.adal AMI Semc. MWory Cwamiaee (I Revelle Rep) 
Advila DIrector 01 Financial Aida ()(Ace rcprdin, their poIida and aervicea. 
Student ...... th Semca Aclvilory Comminee (1 Revelle Rep) 
Advila Director al Student Health Center Rlardina development and delivery of health aervicea. 2 year 
appointment. 
Recreation and Athietb Loaa Ranp PlIIIlIdDI c-mlnee (I ReveUe Rep.) 
Reviewa the facilities for recreation. 
CaDlpUl HOUIi", mel PoocI Service Aclvilory c-mtttee (1 Revelle Rep.) 
Reviewa the policies and rat.:. of these two departmenta. 
Communicadona Media Board (I Revelle Rep.) 
Overaeea the fundi .. and function of the .ubaidiary publications and communications on campus (ea 
New Indicator, People'. Voice, KSDT, etc.) 
Booltscore Mv...., Conunittee (1 Revelle Rep.) 
Serves .. complaint and ..... tion board fOl' UCSD Bookstore. 
ParId", Mviaory Committee (1 Revelle Rep.) 
Serve. .. complaint and aua.ation board for UCSD parki .. services operation. 
Student C-ter Baud (I ReveIJe Rep) 
Oveneea the development and maintenance of the Srudent Center. 
Reptndon Pee Conuaittee (1 Revelle Rep.) 
Allocates Ret. Feea. 2 year appointment. 
AIcobaIk aad SuIlaraDce Abuee (1 ReveUe Rep.) 
VOLUNTEER POSmONS 
Rev .. 1adona c-lttee (Unlimited) 
ReIponaibie for bi-monthly Revelle newtletter. 

It'. Your Body. 
at STUDENT HEALTH 

April 9 - 13 
~y,April9 
OPEN HOUSE • PriJe Drawl"", 3:30-4:30, 
SHS I st Floor. 
Cancer and Smokilll!, 11:30-1 :30, No, Conf, 
Room. Stu. Crr. 
BioMed Club Reopen SELF-CARE 
CENTERS, 9-3, SHS lst. Floor. 
Tuesday, April 10 
Pharmacy-Poison Control &. m~t your 
pharmacist, 8--+:30, SHS lst Floor 
SHA - 8IooJ Pressure, 11:30-1 :30, Warren 
Commons 
SHA-8irth Conrrollnfo, 12- 1, SHS, 2nd Floor 
SELF CARE CENTERS "()TC, 9·3, SHS, ht. 
Floor 
Wedn...day, April 11 
Canc~r and ReproJuaion, 11:30- 1:30, No. 
Coof. Rm. -Sru. Ctr. 
SHA' Binh Control Info, Z-3, SHS, 2nJ. Floor 
So: lf Care CentL-rS, 9·3, SHS, lst. Floor 
Thuraday, April U 
PI34ue Control, 11:30-1 :30, SHS, I .L Floor 
BlooJ Pressure Scr""n, 11 :30-1 :30, Muir 
Commons 
Self Care Centl!r5, 9-3, SHS, lst. Floor 
Friday. April 13 
GlauL'Oma Screero, 11 :30-1:30, SHS, 1.t. Floor 
So:lf Care Cenh:n, 9-3, SHS, IlL Floor 
Skin Care and Cana:r Scr""n, 11-2. ReveUe 
PLua 
BlooJ Preaaurc Scr.:.:n, ll:3(). I:30, ReveUe 
Commons 
(AU Health EJu.;",io", SHS, Fur 
i"fllmWllioft.: .,,..,,. J II-

---------------------- ----



UCLA SUMMER SESSIONS 1984 
Register Now. 

FIRST TERM : 
June 18-July 24 
(five weeks) 
SECOND TERM: 
AuguR 13- September 21 
(six weeks) 

S~ial Sessions in Engineering! 
Computer Science and Management: 
June 18-July 20 and 
August 13-September 14 
(ten weeks) 
UCLA Summer .... ,0 .. offers nearly 500 
courses for full degree credit . Only UC schools 
can offer you courses for grade. subject. and 
unit credit. 
UCLA Summer Sessions is a self-supporting 
program; it receives no State or University 
funding. Everyone - graduates and 
undergraduates. regardless of their 
state of residence - pays the same fees: 
$125 per term and $33 per Quarter unit . 
For complete Information on couraea. 
resources. and services. consult the UCLA 
Summer Sessions Catalog. In it is a registra-
tion form as well as a return envelope. If your 
registration is received by May 18. you will be 
mailed a response no later than June 8. 

COURSES ARE OFFERED IN: 

• Anthropology • English • Music 
• Arabic Composition • Nursing 
• Art • Folklore and • Philosophy 
• Astronomy Mythology • Physics 
• Biology • French • Political Science 
• Chemistry • Geography • Portuguese 
• Chicano Studies • German • Psychiatry 
• Classics • Hebrew • Psychology 
• Communications • History • Public Heatth 

Studies • Kinesiology • Quechua 
• Computer Science • Latin American • Russian 
• Dance Studies • Sociology 
• Economics • Unguistica • Spanish 
• Education • Mathematics • Speech 
• Engineering • Management • Theater Arts 
• English • Microbiology • Women's Studies. 

• Military Science 

Free copies of the UCLA 
Summer Sessions Catalog 
are now available at: 

UC San Diego 
Summer Sessions Office 
101A Administrative Complex 
Warren Campus 

Or call UCLA Summer Sessions directly at (213) 82&-8&. 

A) .. Some new faded jeans for the Spring Quarter 
B.) A haircut 
C.) Debby Boone's latest album of her greatest hits 
D.) Some very interesting courses for this spring quartw that 

still have openings 
E.) Two tickets to see "Flock of Seagulls" meet "Godzilla" 

If your answer to the above question was uD", the Sociology Department 
still has a few openings available for you in the following courses: 

Soc. 148: Political Sociology 
T,Th / 1-2:20 / HSS 1128 

The contributions of sociology to the study of political systems & processes. 

Soc 151: Comparative Race & Ethnic Relations 
MWF / 2-2:50 / APM 2250 

A historical and comparative analysis of race and ethnic relations in various 
national settings, with emphasis on the United States. 

Soc 185: The Political Economy of Development & 
Underdevelopment 

MWF / 9-9:50 / BB 2"135 
This course reviews theories and definitions of development. 

Soc 188D: Latin America: Society and Politics 
MWF / 2-2:50 / HSS 2152 

A survey of the literature on Latin American social structure 
and political systems. 

To sign up or for more information, drop 
in HSS 7001 or dire 

the Sociology Department 
to class. 

Tritons sky to 'Syracuse 
By IAN lANGDON 

The UCSD men's golf team is on the 
verge of reaching the Division III 
Championships for the third straight 
year and heading on to Syracuse under 
head coach Mike Wydra. The Tritons 
even surprised themselves two weeks 
ago when they won the prestigious 
Southern California Intercollegiate 
Championship by an unbelievable 
margin of ten strokes. 

Presently, UCSD is ranked fifth in the 
nation, and Wydra thinks the team is in 
better shape than ever. "Last year, Bruce 
Nakamura had the best average on the 
team at 78.3. Right now, four guys, 
including Nakamura. are bettering that 
average: said Wydra. 

In a match against Western Michigan 
and USO, the UCSO golfers shot the 
lowest team score in school history with 
a cumulative score of 370 at Tijuana 
Country Club. Mike O'Laughlin fired the 
lowest round of his caree r by pos ting a 
71, which included a double bogey on 
the 17t.h hole. Pat Weishan (72), Bruce 
Nakamura (73), Rick Grabe r (75) and 
Shell Wheeler (79) rounded OUt the 
Impressive scori ng fo r the Traons. 
. But the golfers we re not done 

Two days later UCSD lowered the 
record by two strokes again as they 
walked all over the San Diego Golf 
academy at Whispering Palms. 
O'Laughlin again led the team with a 
record-breaking twO under par 70. 
"O'Laughlin should be named athlete of 
the month the way he has played ," said 
Wydra. 

Last Monday, the team traveled to Big 
Canyon to play against the top teams in 
Southern California in the UC Irvine 
Anteater Invitational. UCSD's number-
two man, Pat Weishan was actually 
leading the 36-hole tournament after 27 
holes when disaster struck. His final 
nine included a triple and double bogey 
that slingshotted hi m from first to tenth 
In the standings. 

Nakamura and O'Laughlin could have 
done much better except for a few shots 
that knocked them out of contentio n . 

akamu ra fi nished six over par on the 
last four holes and still shot 79 in the 
morning round . He came back wi th a 
solid 76 In the aftcrnoon. O'Laughh n 
counted ten penalty strokes on the tight 
Big Canyon course and sull shot 77-79. 
Byron Hay, plaYlllg In hiS fir t 

competitive round , had an allergic 
reaction that forced him into stopping 
after nine holes. He came back in the 
afternoon and struggled to an 81 , a 
score that "is the highest that Byron 
could possibly shoot," according to 
Wydra." 

The Tritons had real problems in this 
tournament. The biggest setback was 
attained when the golfers found out that 
the University of Redlands had beat 
them by eight strokes. Redlands is 
UCSO's prime threat in making it to the 
championships at Syracuse as well as 
their main rival. The rivalry was 
inspired last year by an incident that 
still irks coach Wydra. 

"Redlands tried to pull ofT some very 
unsportsmanlike acts last year in a 
match that was very important to both 
schools: commented Wydra. "I know 
we have a much better team than they 
d o and we get a chance to prove it on 
April 13 when we playa three-way 
match with Redlands and UC Irvine ." 
There is no team I'd rather beat than 
those guys," sneered Wydra. 

Tomorrow afternoon, the team travels 
to ollonwood tQ pia)' • AlA rivab Pt. 

Lorna and Cal Lutheran. Because UCSD 
still has dual status in NCAA and NAJA, 
the golfers are eligible for both 
championships. The NAJA tournament, 
to be held in Saginaw, Michigan, could 
be the icing on the cake for the golf 
team. "Since this is the last year for dual 
membershir ' I think UCSD should make 
the most 0 it and send teams to both 
championships," smiled Wydra. 

When asked if he had already made 
plane reservations for Syracuse and 
Michigan Wydra Calmly said, "No, the 
NAJA and NCAA make all the 
reservations. but I'm sure they have our 
name down and ready to pencil in: 

Hopefully the team is as confident as 
the coach. But after the poor showing at 
Big Canyon, the Tritons have allowed 
Redland s to slip into the picture -
someth tng that Wyd ra admits should 
not have happened . "We we re a litde 
cocky and high on ourselves after 
winmng the SClC, and this rnay have 
led to some inconsistent play," 
explained Wydra. "But thiS is my best 
leam, by far and I ee '10 one standing 
III our path " 



The Professional School 
I,ll HII"""''''', .'llIIit", 

A Graduate chool of 
Professional Psychology 

Harold Gree llwald, PhD., President 

The ProfeSSional School is offenng partial scholOP-ships for both the MA and Ph .D. 
COUNSEUNG PSYCHOLOGY programs for Winter Quarter. Our graduates qualify Jar 
licenSing in the State of California, both as PSYCHOLOGISTS and/or as Marriage, Fallli(y 
and Child Therapists. 

A distinguished faculty of experienced psychologists offer classes specifically desigrlcd for 
working profeSSionals. Classes are held 111 the evenings and on weekends throughout 
California and special fonnats have been set up to accommodate out-aI-state student s. 
Recent faculty lectures have included such recognized a uthorities as George Bac h, Albert 
Ellis, Nathaniel Brandon , Erv and Miriam Polster and Zerna Moreno. 
For further infonnation call or write 10: The ProfessionalSchool, 2425 San Diego Aile., San 
DiegCl, Ca. 92110, (619) 296-4472. (Learning centers located throughout California). 

Business and 
Technical Majors 

Highly responsible positions 
for college seniors and 
graduates (through age 34) in 
financial and logistic support. 
The Navy Supply Corps needs 
highly qualified, dynamic 
individuals to lead and 
manage large inventory and 
financial networks. Salary 
$18,500 to start, $34,000 after 
4 years. Excellent benefits 
package. Need BAlBS, U.S. 
citizenship. Call Naval 
Management Programs at 293-
6691, Mon·Wed, 8 am- .. pm. 

Padres win 
opener it 
was "lovely" 
By PHIL lAUDER 

In pre-game ceremonies, they 
dedicated this season w late owner Ray 
Kroc. Then present owner Joan I<roc 
threw out the first pitch, and the San 
Diego Padres proceeded to demonstrate 
that this may be the season Mr. Kroc 
had dreamed about since the day he 
opened his wanet and kept the club 
from moving in 1974. 

The Padrts put pitching, defense and 
offense together for an impressive 5-L 
Opening Night victory over the 
Pittsburgh Pirates. Tuesday's victory 
thrust the home team into ftrst place -
a position the club hopes to occupy a 
little later in the season as wd .. . as In 
October, perhaps. 

"It was lovely" is the way Manager 
Dick Williams described the contest. 
Starter Eric Show's seven innings of 
three-hit pitching were lovely. The very 
long long-balls of spring sluggers Kevin 
McReynolds and Carmelo Maninez 

Newcomer Kevin McRtynolds ~s 01.11 10 
prCNe Ihal 5pring Iraining - when he hit 
stlltn homeruns - "I1S no jlukt. His}irsl 
al-bal of lhe sta.son endtd on the other side 
of Ihe lefl field fence. 
(producing a solo and a rwo-run 
homerun, respectively) were lovely. The 
errorless performance by the defense -
in particular that of second baseman 
Alan Wiggins, whose move to the infield 
was a major controversy in the spring 
- was lovely. Even the weather was 
lovely. 

San Diego fans seem to have an 
affinity for nicknames with an ·000" 
sound. Gone are "Looooie" of the 
Chargers and "Ruuuuupe" of the Padres, 
replaced with newly acquired reliever 
"Gooooose" Gossage. The ..... ,553 in 
attendance lOok up the call in the 
eighth inning, and Gossage responded 
by fanning the first hitter and retiring 
the other five he faced in his debut in 
brown and gold (he did not get credit 
for a save, however. since the Padres 
were leading by more than three when 
he came in). 

One game does not a season make, 
but it is far better to start off with a 
bang than a whimper. This team has the 
ingredients , and If the pitching can 
erase the question marks from the 
blackboard, the Padres may weU give 
their former owner in memorium what 
they could never give him while he 
lived. 

1 

----sports Spots 

SURfING 

- . 

The Tritons surfing team 
placed second in an NSSA 
(National Scholastic Surfing 
Association) meet in Oceanside 
on March 1 L. UCSD finished 
behind Saddleback College and 
in front of San Diego State 
University and Orange Coast 
College in the aD-day event. 
Craig Sheiber placed third overan 
for the Tritons, while Jack 
Beresford took first-place honors 
in the kneeboarding event. 
UCSD's IsabeUe Fried finished 
an impressive second in the 
women's category. Triwn coach 
Alex Bravo was satisfied with 
UCSD's effort, despite the rather 
poor conditions. "We did pretty 
well considering that the waYeS 
wertn't aU that clean and kind of 
closed out," explained Bravo. 

One week earlier, UCSD and 
San Diego State battled it out In 
a dual meet open for staff and 
faculty as well as students. 
Michael Majek and coach Bravo 
shared TrilOn honors by tying for 
fourth place. 

- - ill Fleming! r 
illustrQtion: Dav 

The Triton surfers will be busy 
in the next few weeks as they 
tune up for meets with 
Saddleback this Saturday at 
Black's Beach, UCSB on April 28 
in Santa Barbara and an NSSA 
open meet at Mission Beach in 
twO weeks. 

It was a battle for first place at Olsen 
Field Tuesday afternoon as the front-
running Tritons played host to the 
second-place Southern Cal College 
Vanguards. Five hours and 35 runs after 
the first pitch, nothing was settled . 
UCSD, on the strength of an eight-run 
outburst in the bottom of the fifth 
inning, defeated sec 9-6 in the first 
game, but the Vanguards bounced back 
in the nightcap and literally walked to a 
12-8 win. Fourteen walks issued by four 
Triton pitchers aDowed sec to remain 
only a game behind UCSD in the tight 
District 3 race. 

On the day, Klaudio Biazevich went 
three-for-six at the plate while driving 
in four runs, John Rosness went four-
for-seven with three RBIs and Dennis 
Costa managed three hits in five 
appearances and contributed two RBis. 

Kevin mingworth picked up hiS 
second win without a loss on the season 
in the opener. 

The TrilOns will entertain rival Point 
Lorna College thtS Saturday at Olsen 
Field . This doubleheader could go a 
long way in determining this year's 
District 3 champion. 

SOFTBALL 
With a doubleheader sweep of USD 

Tuesday at Watren Field, the Triton 
softball team ran its record to an 
impressive 12-6 on the year. If UCSD 
can sweep Whitlier at home tomorrow 
afternoon the team will assume first 
place in the sese (Southern California 
SaftbaU League). 

Senior Vanessa Davis pitched both 
games and went the distance in each to 
earn her seventh and eighth win this 
year. She also tripled in each game. 

In the first game, sophomore 
shortstop Pam Hardaway broke a 2-2 tie 
in the eighth inning by driving in Davis 
from third, as the Tritons went on to 
post a 3-2 VlCtOry. 

UCS[) won the second game by a 
convinCing 8-1 score as DaVIS fired a 
one-hitler to run her record to 8-4 on 
the yur. 

Apri/5. 198f l' . 

Swing into Marvel Comics 
at The 
Comic 

Gallery 
• New Comia: Arriw_ w .. kIy by air 
.... CoJledot's ComIa: Golct.n A~ to Pr~ 
* Comic & Fantasy Art 
* Comic COfIMIVation: Mylar Snugs, MyIIt_s. 

AdcUr •• Box_, 
* ()pM 7 Days 
* Ampe. Fr .. Parking 

__ -FANTASY GAMES----. 
IXngeo 15 (;, DIOgons • Olo-nplons 

VIllains (;, \1gIIantes • TrOlleller 
Sror Trek • Sror Fleet 

~(;'0Ihers 

--MlNIATURES-__ 
RoI ~ .Oradel 
SuperIor • PhoenIx 

Custom-made figl.Xe5 
PoInred (;, \.k)pointed 

r----------------------------, ,------------------------------------, this coupon IS volld lor : 

1 MYlAR SNUG 
, 
, 
, 
, 
, 

FREE wirh any purd10se of : 
new comia c:Nf!f s5.oo : 

~Apnl15. 1984. : 

.m~~I_~~~; __ J 

thiS coupon IS vohd lor : , 
10% OFF , , , 

, 
the purchose of ony Gomes or M iniatures: 

('300 minimum) : , 
Expres April 15. 1964. : 

, 

Ttl. ComJc Gall.." : 
-------------._._-------------------_! 

The Comic Gallery 
4224 Dolboo Ave., San DIego, CA 92117 

(comer of 0aIb00 (;, CIoIremonr Dr) 
- Next 10 Food Bosker -

(619) 4&3-.a53 

T.G.I.F. 
- " - - ~ Come celebrate the 

end of 100 continuous 
hours of 

Te.eter-Tottering 10'-
Multiple Sclerosis .. 

with Special Guests: 
Joey Harria and the 
Speedatera 
Dariua and the Magneta 

Friday, April 6 
4:00 p.nt. 

Co.spo.aorecl by Tau Kappa £".110. 
Fratentity _c1 ASUCSD. 

--



II 

] 6 AprlI.,5. 198. 
-

')POR rs -

Aces eyeing Atlanta 

Netters nearing Nationals 
By CHRISTINA KAUS 

As the 1984 season winds down for 
the men's tennis team, coach Steve MOil 
is optimistic on the chances of UCSD 
going to the Nationals in early May: "If 
they [the Nationals Commilleel use the 
same criteria as last year, I'm assuming 
there is no reason why we should not 
go." The Tritons are presently 12-7, with 
only one Division Ul loss this season. 

Although the Div. III national rankings 
have not yet been released, the Tritons 
have ' direct Div. III wins over two teams 
which were ranked above UCSD in the 
1984 pre-season rankings: UC Santa 
Cruz and SI. Thomas College. The 
Tritons defeated UCSC early in the 
season at the All-Cal at UC Santa Cruz 
and defeated SI. Thomas over spring 
break laSt week. In upcoming Div. 1II 
matChes, the only possible loss Mott 
foresees is to the University of 
Redlands, currently the tOP team in the 
nation in Div. III. 

The Tritons have already suffered a 
disappointing 7-2 loss to Redlands. 
"Overall, it was a poor team effon ," said 
the Triton coach. "The team was real 
disappointed: The match, however, was 
closer than the score indicates. There 
were five three-set matches, which could 
have gone either way, eventually won by 
Redlands. The twO points UCSD did 
win were at the number-one singles and 
number-three doubles positions. The 
Tritons will play Redlands again April IS 
at Redlands. 

One bright spot for the Tritons this 
season has been the outstanding 
performance of the number-one singles 
player, senior Eugene jones. jones has 
compiled an impressive 14-4 win-loss 
record so far this season, with no losses 
to Div. III players, including Kevin 
Gillette of Redlands. jones is also ranked 
number-one nationaDy in Div. lII, and 
should be seeded number-one at the 
Nationals. Among the players jones has 
defeated are jim McNamee, the top 
player for University of San Diego and 
Scon Zimmerman, the number-two 
player from San Diego State University. 
Both teams are Div. I schools. 

Injuries and illnesses are plaguing the 
team at this point. A back injury forced 
senior Brad Driver to the sidelines 
during the doubles play of the Redlands 
match, and illness has removed jon 
Hammermeister from the lineup for the 
rest of the season. "Brad's back is touch 
and go," said Molt. "It could go out at 
any time. But when it's not bothering 
him , Brad is playing very well." So far, 
Driver has remained in the lineup, in 
the number-three Singles slot, and Kurt 
Fox has replaced Hammermeister at the 
number-six position. 

Presently occupying the number-two 
Singles spot is sophomore Dan Beers. 
According to Mon, Beers is playing 
pretty well: "He has given a lot of good 
players a hard time, although he has let 
some matches slip away" MOSt of Beers' 

1000ses have been in three sets, and he 
appears to be knocking at the door of 
the players who have beaten him. 

At the number-four and five positions 
are Roy Derevanyik and, Mike Gates, 
respectively. Both playerS are playing 
quite solidly at their positiOns. Barring 
illness or injury, both should continue to 
play at their present level, if not at a 
higher level. 

One other disappointment for the 
Tritons has been Lance Lareau. Lareau 
decided not to continue with school, 
and is in Yugoslavia playing on the 
European tennis tour, instead of 
competing with the team this season. 
"Lance and I had a lot of conversation 
about this," said MOil. "I feel it was a 
bad decision, but it was a personal one." 

Having Lareau on the team would 
have Strengthened the Tritons, but as he 
was not oil the team laSt quaner, his not 
playing will not weaken the team. "W~ 
wiD miss him," saId MOlt, "but it does 
not matter: 

OveraD, Mott is cautiously optimistic 
about his team. "I have high expecttions 
for the team," he said. "I feel we are 
right up there with the other teams." 
The Tritons should go to the Nationals, 
but there could be a surprise. This 
Saturday, April 7, the Tritons will play 
the University of Santa aara at home. 
MatChes wiD begin at 1 pm at the Muir 
tennis couns. 

SCIENCE AND ENGINEERING MAJORS: 

'-

TAKE OUT INSURANCE NOW 
How about an "insurance" policy that your science or engineering degree will really 

be used? It would be nice. Especially considering the work you put into such a degree. 
The Air Force will use your talents. We have openings for young men and women 

majoring in selected science and engineering academic fields .. .Iike Aeronautical, 
Aerospace, General and Electrical Engineering, Mathematics, Physics and Computer 
Technology, and many more. 

One way to get into these openings is through Air Force ROTC. Our AFROTC 
scholarship can help you financially so you can concentrate on getting your degree. 
AFROTC is a great opportunity to help yourself through college, and the Air Force is 
a great opportunity to really use what you learn. 

Look into the Air Force ROTC program, It's good insurance. - - .. --

Call Air Force ROTC at San Diego State University - 265-5545. 

Rorc 
Gateway to a grea' way of I if., 

UC5D to row, row, row the boat 

-._-uished cIa 

By JOHN SCHACHT 
"EftS-VaIlS prtl? 'Partev" the traditional 

"Ready? Go?" Starting caD of crew racing, 
is not exactly common parlance in San 
Diego. But this Saturday, April 7 marks 
the 11 th annual San Diego Crew Classic 
rowing regatta when traditions and 
excitement galore can be seen and 
heard on Mission Bay from dawn until 
dusk. Crew racing has been around 
since the 19th century, and anything 
that lasts longer than six months.in 
trendy Southern California ought to be 
considered a hallowed tradition anyway. 
This year's events at Bahia Point feature 
the nation's top rowing schools and 
clubs, including some Olympic hopefuls. 

The San Diego Crew CJesaie is 
qui~ becoming one of the most 
imfiOllInt regattas in the country, both 
beca. of the top competition and 
beause it is the first major regatta of 
the year, affording top competitors a 
look at each other'S new team. The 
Classic is also becoming ont: of the 
more fun regattas to most, offering 
bikinis and beer in place of the tea and 
crumpets of the Royal Henley Regatta 
held each summer in England - the 
"grand-daddy" or crew racing, to which 
the San Diego Classic and its carnival 
atmosphere is being compared. 

A total of 49 colleges, universities and 

rowing clubs, consisting of about 1300 
men and women, will compete in the 40 
races that make up the 19 separate 
events. Races will commence about 
every IS minutes, so the expected 
25,000 to 30,000 spectators wiD be kept 
busy from 6:30. am (when the first heat 
of the dar is run) until 3 pm, when the 
winner 0 the prestigious Copley Cup 
will be decided. 

Although UCSD is in neither the 
men's Copley Cup races or the women's 
Whittier Cup finals, the Tritons win be 
panicipating in several events during 
the day. John Lawson, head coach of 
the men's team, feels this year's Triton 
team has a lot of potential: '"They have 
the desire and the ability to win. It's juSt 
a question of whether they can put the 
two together. I think we have decent 
shots at both the men's and women's 
Cal Cups and a real good chance at 
capturing the lightweight 8 medal." The 
Tritons wiD also be raking part in the 
men's and women's Novice 8, Freshmen 
8 , and the women's Lightweight 8 races. 

The "8" refers to the number of 
crewmen in the sleek 62-fOO( sheDs 
(boats), though there are shells for both 
four crewmen and singles as well. Each 
crew, except sinldes, has a coxswain 
who Steers and directs the rhythm and 

IEAT tHOSE HIGH 
UNIVERSITY COPY COSTS! 

• Binding • Passport • Stationery 
• Folding Photos. Typewriter 

8855 Villa La Jolla 
Drive 

457-3775 
Near Ralph's & 
Sav-Qn Drugs 

Fast -
Quality 
Service 

Open 7 
Days 

Classic 

Stroke during the race. The course itself 
is 2,000 meters for the men and 1,000 
for the women, both of which are 
Olympic distances. Depending on the 
wind and tidal condilion, as wen as the 
weight of the crews, times can range 
anywhere from six minutes ten seconds 
for the fastest crews to seven minutes 
for the novices. 

The teams to beat this year in both 
the top events are the men and women 
from the University of Washington, 
defending champions of both the 
Copley and Whittier Cups. Their top 
competition should come from the 
Naval Academy, Yale and Harvard. 
though Wisconsin, UClJ\, Stanford, Cal-
Berkeley, University of Pennsylvania, 
Oregon State and SDSU (laSt year's 
winner of the Cal Cup) win also be in 
the hunt. Washington's wins were no 
flukes - the University has won five of 
the ten Copley Cups and three out of 
five Whinier Cups. 

One race which will attract a lot of 
attention this year is the Borthwick Cup , 
which features top US, Canadian and 
English Crews, including the Cambridge 
Boat Club. In this open event for men, a 
group in their mid-thirties - called the 
Dirty Dozen - are in training for this 
year's OlympiCS and face their toughest 

competition yet The American women 
in training for the Olympics will be 
racing at 6:50 am and again at 2 pm, 
and among some of the dignitaries in 
attendance will be the Rowing . 
Commissioner for the Summer 
Olympics, the Director of Rowing 
Competition for the Olympics and the 
Head Official and Chairman of the US 
Men's Olympic Rowing Committee. This 
year's Crew Classic Grand Marshall will 
be broadcaster Dick Enberg. 

This Saturday's Classic is much more 
than just a series of races. Lf the 
conditions are right, crew can be one of 
the more beautiful aquatic spons, 
combining speed synchronization, grace 
and drama to make for an exciting 
spectator event. As a former coxswain 
remarked, "The tradition, camaraderie 
and partying afterwards make the 
Classic an awful kit of fun, too." 

a 0 0 
UCSD starting times: 
6:40 Women's Novice 8B 
7:20 Women's Cal Cup A 
7:50 Novice 88 
8:05 Great American Cal Cup A 
8:55 Freshman SA 
9:20 Lighrweight SA 
1:45 Women's lightweight S 

r----- WHh thl. coupon thru 4-9-84.·-----, I Ray Ian Wayfarers Sells ElsewtMHe NOW I 
. 1 4 colors. 2 sizes $4D-$4S $26.99 I 
I I 
I Look-AI11c8 Style.: I I CopIes of Phonal, Wayfarer, Ski SS-8 $1.99 I 

L_~~~~d_~~~,~!.c~!t.s. ___________ ..J 
W. GUARANTEE we have the lowest jUnglall prlcea of 

any store In San Diego or we'll pay the dlfferencel 
Vuamet. Ray Ban • carrera. SUncloud 

Bolle • Bucci • Hoble • Etc., etc. 
Sunglasses $2,99 to $149,99 

PtUi/Le ElfU t7l 
Our Lumberyard Store Our Old TONne Store 

745 First St. 2461 #100 San Diego Ave, 
Encinitas / 942{)337 Old Town / 692.0Q59 

1030G Torrey Pines Rd. 
(Ot' the yoglMt A!fQr) 

La Jolla / 454-8006 
(formerly Expr8lllons Unlimited) 



Sign up and detail~ at x4OJ7 
Conyonvlew Administrative Offices 
Department of PhySical Education 

err 
--

Don your sweats, shorts 
& come to OCR's Aerobic Mixer. 

Here's your chance to meet our instruc-
tors and enjoy a free special hour class 
geared to all ability levels. A refreshing 

and relaxi social hour will follow. 

OffiCial Vehicle oUhe U.S. VoUeyball AI.oelat10D. FORD BRONCO 11 
and the U.S. Volleyball 
Team ... A Tough Team 
to Beat! 

• Bronco II has the 
most powerful V-6 
eng I ne - more 
horsepower and 
torque than 
Chevy S-IO Blazer. 

• Tighter turning 
radius than the 
S-IO Blazer or 
Jeep CJ's. 

• Twin-Traction 
Beam suspension 
for controlled 
riding. 

• Removcablc rear 
windows and sun 
roof options! 

AT FORD, QUALITY IS 
J08 #I! 

BROnCO II 
IT'S A ~ 
llANO NEW K1CX~cq 

Triton men's 
volleyball 
plays host 
to Gauchos 
By USA LAPIN 

UCSD hosts UC Santa Barbara in a 
home match tonight in Triton Pavilion. 

The 7:30 pm match will feature the 
Division [ Gauchos who have been 
nationally-ranked all season long. 
Currently the Santa Barbara spikers are 
in the top five of the C[VA, and are 
fighting for a playoff benh with 
Pepperdine, Cal State Long Beach and 
San Diego State. 

[n one of their 'high points of the 
year," according to Tritons coach Doug 
Dannevik, the Tritons defeated the 
Gauchos for one game in a match at the 
Santa Barbara [nvilational. 

Returning from spring break, the 
Tritons should be hungry, proVIding for 
an exciting evening. 

Triton hitter Pat Brienen slams it home. 

Santa Barbara is an excellent team -
well-coached and well-trained. The 
squad posse~ses a lot of depth and is 
especially aggressive at the net. 

UCSD is strong on seIVing and 
passing, and should have no difficulty 
forcing the side outs. Yet, scoring points 
may be difficult for the Triton offense. 

The Tritons are returning home 
tonight after having traveled nonh to 
Long Beach State last night. 
Perfonnances in the Long Beach match 
will determine some of tonight'S staning 
squad. 
Probable UCSD starters: 
John Henderson 
SCO(( CrisweU 

Middle Blockers 
Matt Hunt 

Hitter 
George Knights 

Offhand Hitter 
Pat Brienen 
or Doug Stanley 

Hitter 
Kevin Bateman 
or Greg Howanh 

Setter 

Kick your ball 
around the Muir soccer field 
tomorrow afternoon at 3 pm. All 
UCSD women interested in joining 
next year's intercollegiate soccer 
team are encouraged to put their 
shills on display for new UCSD 
women 's soccer coach John Leaney 
in a coaching sessIOn tomorrow. 

Clc.eIfIed advertIaIng ipQCe II IOId In 100 
character Increment •. Each [ett.r, 
puncluptlon marII and ipQCe bet! .en 
wordlll~acharacter •• capltal 
..... counting QI two characterI. The rate II 
$1.00 per 100 c:haraeierl for ItudentI and 
».00 per 100 chene.l lor norHtudentI. 
You nut come ~ the oIIce Of malin your 
ad, (II we MqUIre PQVmeIIt In advance 01 

~1c:atIon. DeadiMl: 6 pm TueIc:IaV for lhu,.... paper; 5 pm friday lor Monday'l 
paper. For more InIormatIon, call ~. 
The ~CII'I. UCSD, 1-016. La Jolla, CA 
921193. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 

DELTA SIGMA PHI will be accepting new 
members cUing SprIng Rush. Check the 
ReYelIe Info table. (4/5) 
Dcrtce party c:J the 80's w/ 3 Simple Words 
and Topper this Sot. at 8 pm In Rae Gym. A 
DSP Proc1Jctton. (4/5) 
AOII rush oontinuesll Come visit the table in 
RtJ\l8llePIozo 10-2; and besureto come to our 
MASH 8.6SH with Delta Sigma Phi totemlty 
tonight! Meet at 7:~ at the fbunkJln (4/5) 
Stephen Haskins tor /I>S President draft 
rTlO'oo'effi8f't row orga-.Izlng at Ole Cafe Frt 
eves. SaIh 4M-0294. (4/5) 
Born CroIt-£yed for your SuncJov ottemoon at 
the (;he Cafe. Come at 3 pm 4/8 only 52. 
(4/5) 
llgtfen up with Sigma Kappa. SeIling heart 
1iQh.Js at the TG. Come and be br~t this 

Fri~tI(4/5) 
Warn up your heat with heattlghts. SIGMA 
I<NIPA .as I'leCItIIghts at the lG. Tuon your 
light on with 8<1 (4/5) 
Belf'IaIe c:J the yecYJC5Iren"Smfigi 'Ar:lrII 4-5-6 
Bookstore. (4/5) 
BI..tlnell!Monogement seminar at sosu on 

S~ 7. For rrore info caN Dove582-Q02A or 
Bryan 166--4044. (4/5) . 
Don·t lorgetl Come run In the UCSD 
rvt:CHANICAl ~NEERING CLUB 1()( roceQn 
-"911 7. 1984. There will be food and cIrtnk and 
prizes to be won. Get In shope In the HPJ 10K 
race. (4/5) 

FOR SALE 

Comfortable twin size bed only S22.00 coil 
EUIeen 455-5839. (4/5) 

PERMS $2495 
Includes: 

• Shampoo 
• Conditioner 

only 

Smi. refrigerator. Bought new, used 1 quarter. 
$75 Ask for Unda 481-1474. (4/5) 

WANTED 

PART-TIME live-In houser.worker. Sal., Furn. Rm. 
La Jolla, Rellable-congenlal 273·5458. (4/9) 
AMES books; 130B Fung. 163A Von 
Valkenburg, 121C 'lh8OlY c:J Llbratlon bV 
Thompson. Nathan 459-3165 (4/5) 

HOUSING 

Female roommate walled to lhae4 bdrnv'2 
bth home In North crmont w/VOOng prot. 
\\oOffiOn. GoIage & laundry facll. Prefer gIOd 
student or stolr. Rent negotiable. Call 569-
5203 eves. (4/9) 
Female roomote needed to enter room 
~Ing for on campus ThirdCoIlege apt. (84-
as). Must be registered Third College student. 
Reply on f:$ before Aug 9 Call 453-7842. (4/9) 
Brand ('l6iJ apts - MIRRA WCXXi3 VILlA') - Jr 
1 Br. 1 Br. 2Br-2Ba lor May 1 move In. Renls from 
S395 to S550. Only 10 miles from UCSO. 
located at 1-15 & Carroll Canyon Rd. 0ItIce 
open 9-5 dolly, 10320 Maya Undo Rd" 566-
4SS4 (4/::iJ) 
Roommate wanted 10 shore master bedroom 
in la Jolla near Ralph'l 15 minute walk from 
SChool Complete with kitchen, both, pool 
and jacuzzi. $213 & 1/3 utilities. Call David or 
Craig 455-6982: Keep Tryingl (4/12) 

SERVICES 
MAKE BIG PRORTS with fast-selling Itemsl $3.00 
brings g ion catalog refunded with first order. 
J.C. Hunter. 3793 Park BI" Dept. 3. San Diego. 
CA 92103 (4/5) 
TYPING-WORD PROCESSING. Term Papers. 
Dissertatons, ReasQnable Rates. North 
Cou rnv-724-(1177. (5/3) 
Troffic Classes. Court Approved. Sat. Sun. eves. 
UTC, Mission Vall9\', TOITev Pines Inn Reg. 565-
1767. 
UIIMIANTED HAIR REMCNED PERM.6NENTl Y 
near cafTl)US. La Jolla Protessionol Center, 
8950 Villa La Jolla Dr. Suite 116O-C Call for 
appt 4574:139. (6/7) 

HAIRCUTS $995 
Includes: 

• Shampoo 
• Conditioner 

only 

OPEN 7 DAYS 
APPOINTMENT NOT NECESSARY 

UNIVERSITY TOWNE CENTER -455-0420 

Typing! Wf:$d Processlngl Rush jobsl Term 
papers, theses, resumes. transcription. 
Jennifer ~ 274-5005. (6/7) 
TYPING: IBM RUSH JOBS term papers theses 
dissertations editing 453-0656 (eve) 452-5188. 
(6/7) 
MalUscrlpts, theses. dissertations, resumes 
typed Experienced. $1 page OS Betty 755-
4779. (5/24) 
Top drawer secretarial service reports, 
mar.Jscrlpts. resumes, letters. Reasonable 
call 481-416Q. (5/3) 

LOST Be FOUND 

Fo. .. md - Silver necklace with pendant at 
TGO last quarter. Call 455-9849 and Identify. 
(4/9) 
S40 ReINOI'd for retl.m c:J ladies INhlte 
COIdIgon. Xl years old. Very special to me. 
755-1436. (4/5) 
Found: a bog cA photographiC equlpmerit 
nnols \o\I88k at the pub coli and Identify 724-
0654. (4/12) 
lost - Pair t;J blockrimmed glosses & block 
leather case near Revelle pklng lot. If found, 
pI~ coil 458-1160. (4/12) 

PERSONALS 

Paid subjects are needed lor brain wc:Ne 
experiments at the Salk Institute. Call 453-
4100 00. 419. (5/10) 
To my new DSP bros. Alon Rex Kevin Chris Kerry 
Bjorn Dean Will. Congrots on inltiatlonl! 
ffMAlI (4/5) 
We t:Jfer the men at UCSD an open Invitation 
to join DaTA SIGMA PHI. look tor us on Revelle 
plaza. (4/5) 
Kirstin 22 is not O>Ier the hill 23 isl We lave yoo 
happy bd<:7( yoor Sigma sisters. (4/5) 
Jill G. Happy 21 don't drink too m.Jch lave 
from your Sigma slsters- cheersl (4/5) 
Shy Hands killer donce musk: w/ Red ParIs 
opening at the Che Cafe 4/6 only 52.00 at 
8:30, (4/5) 
Shorts and shades paty for SIGMA KAPPA 
rushees. Meet at 6:45 pm at the fountain Sot. 
(4/5) 

GoIdi GoIdl On sole Josten's College rings 
AprIl 4-5-6. (4/5) 
Happy 21st birthday Scandal" I I(Ne mv 
Cupldll Courtnev & Krtpz. (4/5) 
Men age (18-30) whose father has been 
diagnosed as alcohllc are needed for_ 
bralrl\lllOVe experiments at the Salk Institute 
pay- $Xl.OO-SSO.OO. Call ~3-4100 00. 419. 
(5/10) 
Rush EKI Rushees meet to the lett t;J the gym 
steps Friday at the TG at 4:00. Come and hOl/8 
a blastl (4/5) 
Sigma Kappa rushees. Meel us at the pub at 
7.30 pm Thurs nlte. Dress seml-formoJ lor on 
eocchange. (4/5) 
RUSH SIGMA K.APPA and see what yoo've 
been missing. Sigma Kappa wek::ome6 VOJ to 
a \o\I88kend Iu II c:J eochlleratlng 611ents. Go 
Greek with EKl (4/5) 
Brothers t;J DSP- we're looking forward to 
seeing YOJ In Korea tonight at our Mash 
Boshlll Love. the Alpha Omlaon PI's, (4/5) 
Party up w/ Topper and 3 Simple Words on Sat 
4-7-841rom 8-12 mkln in lhe Rae Gym ADSP 
Proc1Jctlon. (4/5) 
Express your succesS Josten's College ring on 
sole April 4-!HJ. (4/5) 
Zeta Beta Taus- we' ll see yoo Sunday 9IIe at 
Panhellenic Pizzo Night. Bring yoorappetltesl 
LO>Ie, the sisters of Alpha Omlaon PI. (4/5) 
Ate yoo a woman looking 10 get more oot c:J 
UCSO and lite? AOII has what you're lookIng 
for1l Meet us this \o\I88k ttvoogh rush: Inlo at our 
table In R8Yel1e Plaza. (4/5) 
To rTfo{ AOtI sisters: welcome bock and good 
luck this quarter. These next feo.v months are 
g:>Ing to be wlldll'm glad to stUI be a part a 
the best bunch c:J sisters around. Roses. 
Nancy. (4/5) 
What's a HEARTUGHT7 Find a SIgna Kappa 
this Friday at the TG ond tum on your 
heatllghtt (4/5) 
Honeybumy: Thonk yoo tor a wonderfully 
exciting weekendl Now I want yoo even morel 
Yoo're my favorite everythlngl WIth lots of 1000e 
ond altectlon. yoor sugordumpUng- P.S. You 
slole my heart awayl (4/5) 
Pregnann Choose alternatives to abortion. 
San Diego Pro-life League Hotline; 583-5433, 
941-1515. 

TRAVEL 
Council traveVCIEE prO>lldes information on 
student chaters. railpa~ Inri student Id's. 
hostel cads. tOUlS tor oges 18-35, work and 
study programs.. and much more. Stop bV the 
Student Center or coll452~. (617) 

VILLAS 
Deluxe Apartment Living 

for Adults & Families 
Jr 1 Br, 1 Br, 2 Br-2 Sa 

apartments from $395 to S550 per month 
Unique dual Master Suites In all 2 Br Apts, 

CJrVv 10 miles fIom CXlmpusl FalloN La Jolla Village Dr. and 
Mhamar Rood to Black Mountain Road and take Gold Coast to 
Maya Undo Road. Located befween 1-15 and Miramar College, 

Rental OffIce I Modell open dally 9 • 5 
10320 Maya Unda Rd. 

566.SW 



Harper instilling 
a winning attitude 
By ROBERT GEYER 

Water polo is not an easy spon to 
learn or play. Those who saw the 
physical encounters between UCSD's 
men's team and other Division I teams 
understand that water polo is not only a 
game of brutality, but of trickery as well. 
It is a game for those few who love pain 
and practice, and have a desire to be 
constantly thinking of the best way to 
outwit their opponents. Denny Harper, 
UCSD's men's water polo coach and 
prime motivator for all that is water polo 
at UCSD, has taken on another 
challenge for 'Triton polofl. He is now 
coaching the Triton women's water polo 
team and producing some remarkable 
results . 

UCSD has had a women's water polo 
team since 1974, but it has never been a 
very competitive one. It was more of a 
social gathering. As senior Dede 
Steinhoff said, "It was pretty much just a 
social hour." 

Denny Harper, six-year coach of San 
Diego State's women's water polo team 
does not conduct social hours. He is 
serious about winning, and the team has 
picked up and responded to this. Last 
Thursday, the Tritons barely lost to the 
Commerce 10-8, which says a great 
deal. Commerce was the second place 
finisher at last year's Senior Women's 

National Water Polo Tournament. 
Funhermore , last weekend at the Santa 
Barbara tournament, UCSD won its 
bracket by beating the Stanford A team, 
but it was a soltd weekend, nonetheless. 

What seems to be the dividing line 
between various teams is their club 
statu . Davis i a club team and 
therefore anyone, regardless of collegiate 
background, can play. The Triton team 
IS a school team on which only full-time 
enrolled UCSD students may play. 
Consequently, the club teams draw on 
talented alumni and other experienced 
players while the school teams must 
draw on inexperienced freshmen . 
Obviously, there should be a great 
disparity in team levels. However, 
Harper is never one to accept playing at 
a lower level. He goes right for the tOp. 
His goal for this year is to win the 
college nationals. That is a level , just 
below senior nationals, at which only 
college teams are allowed to compete. 

Harper sees his team as a greatly 
developing one: "I am really pleased 
with this team. They work really hard. 
Though they aren't as talented as myoid 
State teams, they've got the facilities to 
improve: To Harper, the game against 
Commerce and the Santa Barbara 
tournament were great confidence 

Kay Jewelers will pierce your ears at no cost. with the 
purchase of your first pair of earrings. 

J 

ASK ABOUT OUR PIERCED EARRING CLUB. 

E w E L E R s 
The diamond pl'opie' l' lO~4 K.- Jr"r1r,< In, 

La Jolla Village Square 
8657 Villa La Jolla Drive 

455-9700 

Dede Steinhoff: "Denny I Harper} is malting us into a water polo team that will stand. " 

builders. His team did remarkably wen 
for the little time they have had to 
practice together. Harper is teaching 
more than water polo; he is teaching 
what it is like to win. The women seem 
more than ready to learn. 

Senior Dede Steinhoff, who received 
all-tournament player honors at the 
Santa Barbara tournament, is more than 
pleased with the effect Denny has 
produced on the team. She says, "Denny 
is making us into a water polo team that 
win stand. We have a lot of talent, and 
with Denny we will win." Along with the 
emphasis on winning, team 
cohesiveness and camaraderie have not 
been left behind. Steinhoff mentioned 
the "reaDy positive attitude" the players 
were taking towards the spon. Harper 

echoed this in stressing the positive 
side of last week's losses as being "great 
experience" for such a young team. 

In the past, the women's water polo 
team seemed to need a nudge to get it 
going. What it got was a shove by both 
Denny Harper and Nancy Harper 
(Denny's wife and an experienced 
player from SDSU). So long as Denny 
doesn't shove too hard or too fast (as he 
shows little indication of doing), he is 
going to have a great team. As Steinhoff 
said about their upcomings home games 
(against UCR on Saturday at 10:00 am 
and Conunerc~ on Sunday at 10:30 am), 
"We're going ro show UCSD some really 
exciting water polo." Harper. waler polO 
and UCSD seem to be a thrivin& 
combination. 

1914 UC IIIn DteSO 
Su ........ S .. ton 

UC Sen DJego Summer Sellion ee.aoss .. 
available at the Summer Stilton 0tIIce, 101A 

AdmIn~ Complex. For Uther 
IntormetJon or to receive a tree copy 01 the 

cataIoS cal 45N3tM. . 

Human Powered Machine 10K and Fun Run 
Saturday, April 7 9:30 a.m. 

Purpose of Race: 
Funds raised will be used to 
design & build a bike-like vehicle 
for Human Powered Vehicle 
design contest next year. 
Location: 
UC ' 0 Campus. Course mostly 
nat and paved; al!>O soft dirt. 
Start at Main Gym, fin;sh Revelle 
Plaza. 
Race Fedtures: 
Certlfted cour:.e. Sanctionc.d by 
TAC . Top-Quality T-Shirts for 
all entrants. Awards to top 
fim:.hers 10 each diVision. Prize 
drawing open to all entrants. 
Aid :.tations at~, 4 miles & flOis 
Split times every mile. Oigital 
clock fmi sh, computerized 
re'tult:. . Personal re ult card to al 
finishers. Massage, food , mu~ic 
after run. 
Regis tration: 
Before March 31: 
Non student~$8($4 w/oT-.,hlrt) 
Students $1 ($~ w/o T.,hirt) 

Da\' of ~ace 7·9 am: 
N;m·~l udent~ $8 (w,() T·sI11rt) 
Students $-1 (w(o ' ) · ... hlrll 

• ... GA ....... ilOllalll •• _ 

SPECIAL THANKS TO: 
Colonial Inn 
KSDT 
Arrowhead 
Shakeys Pizza 
Shear Images 
Miller Beer 
San Diego Zoo 
Wild Animal Park 
Comedy Store 
Bahia Hotel 
St. Germain's Deli 
Straw Hat Pizza 
Hamels 

~ Mann/Cinema 21 ~ ~Wherehou8eRecords ........ Ralph's Grocery Co. Catch of the Day 
Yogurt Encounters 
Designer Ceramics 
Athletes Laces 
AND ALSO TO: 
Linkabit 
Chancellor R. Atkinson 
UC San Diego Foundation 
Warren College Student 

Government 
San Diego ASME 
SDSU ASME 
UCSD Architects & 

Engineers 
UCSD Computer Center 
Scott 8ernk-e, Rec. Dept . 
Students & taft of AMES 



I' 

Vol. 6, No.1 /vJr. 5,1984 

----------



The Magazine 
of the '80s 

Uitor 
AJ'I)/u:W KffLlR 
AMoc:iak fdItor 

JOHN Nff 
wrtten 

MlKf AHN. IMICt 
BfRI'tARD. CHRISTOPHtR 
CANOlL, HARK DeVOL 
rotA/"! fff~T. JOAN 

fORSBfRG. ROM HU. 8.8. 
LlONf. CLYDfNf NU. 
JAMfS RAlPH PAPP 

m.tU$ "15 published uery 
Thundly of the 5dIooI yQl as a 
supplement to the IJCSI) GUARDIAI'!. 
I!eprodudlon or usc without written 
pa-ml5S1on of any portion of this 
I119ZIne Is a r»-no. Wt: welcome 
unsolicited letten. manllSalpts and 
artwork . but assume no 
responsibility roc the Mum 01 such. 
Send InfonnItIon to: 

ItJATUS 
UCSO. 1I-()16 • 

... Jolla. CA 92093 

And thars the fact. Jackl 

Contents 
Coverl Japanese cinema 
comes to UCSD via a special 
series sponsored by the 
University events Omce. It is 
quite possibly the fUm event of 
the decade. See the story on 
page 3. 

Your silent face ...... page 4 
The world's greatest mime. 

Marcel Marceau, Is currently 
playing an extended engagement 
at the fox downtown. His show of 
song and dance will run In 
silence through this weekend 

Streets of gold 811 ... page 5 
America is the land of 

opportunity for everybody 
except Robin Williams. In 
Moscow on the lIudson we ftnd 
out what It's really like to be a 
militant suaphonlst from the 

~m 810c living In America. 

rtdson rebll"llS ....... page 5 
8111 Nelson makes a come 

back stateside after the spilt up 
of 8e-80p Deluxe with a solo 
compilation album, Vis~mlx. 

GoIDgs 011 page 7 

A NTHONY BRAXTON IS a multi-instrumentalist I 
composer whl) has been acclaimed as lht' renaissance 
man of avant-garde jazz. As the originawr and 
popularizer o/" the 010 saxophone conce rt , Braxton 
has evolved an aesthest l that combin~s jazz 
impro isatlon with the structural sophistication of 

conte mporary classical music. 
G.A $5.00, UCSD S1. $3.00 

APRIL 11, WEDNESDAY, 8:00 P.M. 
MANDEVILLE AUDITORIUM 

UCSD Box Office & Ticketron: 452-4559 __ ....... 
2 /lIMa April 5. 1984 

Hiatus and Universal Pictures Invite you 
to a special screening of the new movie 

ICEMAN 

Wednesday. April 11th at 8 pm 
Free passes available at the UCSD Box Office 

UCSD Department of Drama 
t------B 

.1 
ERIMENT AL-· ------I 
~--~THEATRE--~~ 

~:. .. . j 

"-;~';~uB 
L.A. Theatre Work. 

in 
Steven Berkoff'. 

"a searing, bawdy. explosive play .. . 
raw With language and emonon .. . " 

Mandell Weiss Center 
(or the 

Performing Arts 
$5.00 - $10.00 

Goat .. Song & 
Dwelling Unit 

Sweet Dwelling Unit 
Mandeville Recital Hall 
April 6 &. 7, 8:00 pm 

$-4.00 GA / $2.00 ST 

"Show of fie year, supc.'Tb ... " -LA 

Tickets are available at Tkketron, Student Center Box 
Office and the Mandell Wei .. Center Ticket Office 

(open Tuesday-Saturday, 4:30 - 6 :30 pm) 
Call 452 .. 4574 

Charge-by-phone to Visa or Mastercard 

Tbe Samurai cinema comes to campus 
., enRlSTO ... E. c.vIOIZ 

The cinema of J.... fIrIt 
~ I brIeltifteclecacla 
Iftertbe PIeUJ Ratontlon, what 
JIpIIl ceued being 1ft Imperial 
feudal country Inttntloaally 
I.olated from the feared 
corruptions of Western 
dvtllzatlon. DurIng the pmtous 
two millenia, .lapin nurtured a 
refined culture bllanced 
betRaI the samlll'll's .ani 
IIICI 1M lItbt's gentle toucb. To 
IIIICk:ntancI Japan's new bIIInce 
between tradition a.d 
modallIzatlon requlra a .... 
01 JIpInae blstol)'. b' tile 
foundation of moclem JapInac 
JOCIety Is built 0111 tlmacipe, 
Uke lIIancIs In time. Japlllele 
clDellll presents historical 
moments of the caltu,.1 
COIIftk:t aated by watemJ-
IItIon. 

11IIs spring. Unlvaslty ~ 
and the HIstor'y Department will 
gift a tour of JapIn's Islands In 
time. tbroufIh tile "CJnana of 
Japan" m. aeries and M J .... 
Tbrougb I'Ic:tIoa and rom" 
history coune. IIotb --= were mapped out by 
ISIlstant history profaIor 
AlItlion)' ~ CoIllddnnUy. 
two sbnllar VOJIIIIeS wal be 
coaductecL 1M KaI CIDema'. 
sIIoIrtng 01 1M clt"'c" ,..,. Slmwa (",1 ~ 14) and the LI 
Jolla Nuaeum of Contemparary Art·. Japanese ftlm series 
(Wednesdayevealags fa JIIIy), 

, '1'he generaI tbeme of the 
otsD Claema of .lapin sales Is 
the eac:oulltl:r bdlleen ..... 
and the West." saJS Kaae. ''If)'Oli 
1ft dealing with todays JapIUI, 
even tIlough JOllIe 01 the fIImI 
do not take pIaee In tbe 20th 
~ury. they haft todays 
Jllpuae sensftlvttles Involved 
with the new Yllues aated by 
the conflict of the old VI. the 
new and the western VI. the 
~." 

lI'rlkl,l (April 10) 
dramltkally begbIs tile Cinema 
of Japan series. which will nan 
every Tuesday at 7:lO pm In 
Room 108. Petaaon Hall. "~ 
selected IlMU1rl. my IUIHI' 
to the Issues Iftlalkd In s.en 
SMtuni. It Is a much IIICII'e 
IntelUgent view of the clecUne of 
the .... uraI syItaII." saJS Kane. 

Director KabaJubL cham-
pion of revolt. flrat 
acknowledges the virtues of the 
strong clan system of the 
sunUJal aacI Its buahlclo c:ocIes 
of honCIr to hdAhtaa the protat 

"'11 tills movie. I OIly IHIIttd to 
eJIftII tile ....,t ...rated 
In Red .... •• ay. 'DId IIIybody 
enIclrce tile order tbat we must 
not leave huma. belnga 
Ignorant or poor7', "n.e story Is 
set In a world aeendngIy 
governed by forces be)'UIId 
man's control - the economle 
distribution or the late 
Tokugawa period. where a 
)'OUIIfJ doctor Is Ultgned to • 
poor people', dlnle run by 1ft 
old I11III named RedbearcI. 

'ThIs mcwte studies the 
process ~tIlls dodm' becombfg 
humanized." Kane says. 'TIle 
Japanese haft a vffl'/ strong 
belief that doctors are people 
who should serve the people. 
not just get rIcb and play golf. 
1be young cIoctcr Is taught by 
RedbeanI to thlak oIa medical 
career not In tams 01 making 
money and being suc:a:sIfuI but 
the healing of the sick and 
learnJng about the raJ misery 
of the people.·· 

A I'UII Ute (fIt.y 8).1sicIe I'rom 
Its radical aesthetics. 
Introduced a polltlc:al taboo 
Into the scenario. the questlon 
of Japan's military alliance with 
AmerIca. 'DIe focus of tile 111m Is 
on two related themes: the 
oppIaSIon 01 women fa modan 
consumer/capitalist society 
nI the need ... men and 
women to hImnonlI.e their 
pemonal lives with the .. I currents of social cIIange. "nds nlm Is dbtulblng fa tbat this 
woman defines her self· 

J ~ with ber reIaUons 
'" with men, rather tbaa the t . Western style 01 feminism or • strong woman establishing heradf as 111 IndIvId...... ays _ KIne. 
~ the corruptlng Influence of Impenonator who plots. clever be transformed hito a strong 
power and the cIda1cntIon 01 revenge", the bUlbless human being. "1kIru Is the 
tracUtion. "Wbat IIM11dri Is associates wbo drove his mockm~y equivalent to the 
showtag Is that here Is a system parents to suicide. "Tile old samurai wJlo Is the 
we are boldlng 0IIt0 tar dar lie. ultimate point In the movie Is buraucrat who never makes a 
WIIIt you see u the marie when he Is. man jfttaJdlng to ckclsIon. as burauaats all over 
unIolcIIls that tile syItem ItaeII -I.e a WOIIIM prdacUng to be a . the worlel." acconUag to Kane. 
bas become bollow. Tbe man. 1a)'aS upon layers," sa" "Though he has no vested 
unlvenaI question ba'e Is. 'Is Kane. "It·s a fun nlm to watch. Interat fa a park that Is about 
tile ".tan rIgIIt and are IIlCII The sexual arnbtgulty Is very to be bulldozed. he takes up the 
not doing It IS wII, CI' Is It tllat Impor_t to note because It Is calDe. and this becomes the 
tile sptaaltlelfll outdated and vay deeply ImbedcIed In tbe IIIOIt rulfliling moment III this 
needs to be "fIIced?'. H JapaIlf.t! cuRIft." burauaat·s IIte."TIIe ciollat 

AdDf'~ R ... (AprH 17) by Ik"" (AprIl 24) cUsplays one translaUoa of the ft1m·s title Is 
Ichlkowa Kon Is far thole wbo of KurosaR AIllra's main To Uve, ... 
appreciate a 11m for hOll It themes. that even I charlcter R«IMInI(May 1) Is tbe moit 
looks as much. what It ays.1t who at first sight appealS humanistic 01 Kurosawa's " ..... 
Is a stCl')' of • Mbukl female mediocre and IIBIgnJftcant can The dlm:tor. has c:o""lltllted, 

~te Spring (fltay 15) byOlu 
Yash'4llro presents the Japanese 
rum theme of heroines who are 
beautiful because they embody 
all the vIrtues that their men 
lack. This Initiated a series of 
OIu "IIIIS with a COfIIIIIClIl 
theme: there Is no society. only 
the home. "Ozu Is SlId to be the 
most Japanese of Japanese 
cUrectors." collll11eJis Kane. 

for those who want to voyage 
be)'OIId the Japan praented In 
the Cinema 01 ..... aacI Kane's 
.IIpanese history ca.. you 
mJgbt attend tile La Jolla 
Museum's showIags 01 UIMnMo 
IIId /lu fIN WoIJIen. ToIqJo 
Stof». TIIrone of /JIood. Women 
In the Dune.s and Dode.s'~ 
Den. 

Come To The Famous. One and Only. MUIR GdIBl1I?lbNIORS: Get Down. CathoDe 
BIBLE STUDY 

NIDI 
Thursday. AprIl 12 at 7:30 p.m. 

Led by Fr. Frank Sabatte at the 
CathoDe LounQe at the 

University Lutheran Church 
(acroa &om Revelle) 

Sponsored by The Catholic Student Coordinators 
of the 

Catholic Community at UCSD 
452-1957 

1f)OU plan to graduotc SprIng ~ 1984, you mYSt have a 
final degree check Ind submit a Degru and DIploma 
Application form by APRIL 13, 1964. 
Either come In to the Academic Advtstns OtIIce, H&SS 2126, or 
cal 452-3580 to make an appointment. DON,,.,'Y 
IF YOU DO NOT HAVE A FINAL DEGREE CHECKMQ SU8MlTYOUR 
APPLICATION FORM BY APRIL 13, YOU Will. NOT BE ABLE TO 
GRADUATE SPRING QUARTER, 1984. THERE WILL BE NO 
EXCEPTlONSfllflll1 

Remember that at ~Ir College )'OU must hIYe completed at Iust 1 sO 
ooIts for I 8A ~ce (192 mlnlnun for a B.S. de9'ecO. Mil College 
requires I mln"rum of 18 upper division COW1CS (72 upper cI\Itsk)n 
units). Some majors may require up to 23 upper dIYIsIon row lA'1It 
councs to !J'aduate. 
F YOU PlAN TO GRADUATE SUYNa QUARTER, 1984, )'OUMJSIsubmit 
)OUr name and "Intent to Graduate" by Ap1I13, 1984. The duclne for 
hevlng a tlnal dcsr- check and submitting I Dcgrcc and DIploma 
Application form Is June 6, 1984. 

AprIl 5. 1984 "".",. 3 



Say, say, say. • • 
By JON! fORSBfRG 

The world's master of 
pantomime. Marcel Marceau. 
returns to San Diego this week 
to perform his Inimitable 
wordless dramas at the fox 
Theatre through Sunday. AprilS. 
For over 35 years. Marceau's 
silent. stylized gestures that 
poignantly imitate human 
actions have evoked laughter 
and tears from audiences 
around the world. 

As the greatest living 
pantomlm ist. Marceau 
perpetuates the art of non-
verbal communication tha Is as 
old as the human race. Since the 
days of ancient Greek and 
Roman theater and the Italian 
Commedla dell'Arte. artists 
have combined their talents as 
aelm. comedians and dancers 
to Interpret emotions and 
aspects of life with only 
movements of their faces and 
bodies. 

80m In Strasbourg, France. 
Marceau became fascinated 
with the art of mime at an early 
.. e. As a young bo.x, Marceau 
was enthralled with the talents 
of the great American silent 
screen comedians. 8uster 
Keaton. Hany Langdon. stan 
Laurel. Oliver Hardy and 
especially Charlie Chaplin. 
Seated In a movie house, 
marceau discovered his 
ambition, In his words. "to be 
capable of expressing a wealth 
of emotion In one look. one 
gesture. to be able to Interpret 
the slightest Duance of the 
soul." 

After studying In Charles 
Dullln's School of Dramatic Art 
In Paris, under the guidance of 
Etienne Decroux, Marceau 
formed his own Compagnie de 
Mime In 1949. 

Since the Initial performan-
ces of his incomparable poetry 
of gesture, Marceau has become 
a one-man phenomenon, 
appearing on stage and 
television, In motion pictures 
and children's books. He has 
played to standlng-room-only 
audiences throughout conti-
nental ~rope, Oreat Britain, 
Israel. India, Russia, Japan, 
nCJ1h and South Africa, new 
Zealand, Australia and north 
and South AmerIca. 

Marceau's art has become 
famlUar to Americans through 
national television appeaJallCes 
as a frequent guest of Johnny 
carson, Mike Douglas, Merv 
Griffin, Dinah Shore and Rowan 
and Martin. He was featured In 
Mel Brooks' 111m Silent I'fou;e. 
Marceau received the [mmy 
award In 1956 for his 
perfonnIInce on Max- Uebman's 
Show of Show. and he was 
honored by the french 
government with the high title 
of "Cbevaller cit Ia Legloa 
d'Honneur." 

Marceau's style pantomImes. 
which depict everything from 
tile aatloa of the world to the 
pickpocket's nightnlm, haft 
become classics that ludlences 
adore. Among Marceau's 
signature routines art: "The 
cage," In which the mime Is 
caught Ina shrinking caRC: 'The 

UCSD Events Office presents 

Maskmaker," a horrifying tale of 
permanent entrapment behInd 
the mask of one's professIon: 
and "Youth, Maturity, Old Age 
and Death," a portrayal of the 
stages of human life. 

The tradItion of the foolish, 
yet wise, humorous, yet tragic 
clown Hgure embodIed In the 
Italian Commedla dell'Arte's 
"Arlequln," the r'rench "Plerrot" 
and the [ngllsh "Punch:' Is 
contInued by Marceau through 
his alter-ego "81p:' the forever 
dreaming, searching, comIcal 
observer of human life. Attired 
In hIs trademark striped 
pullover and battered top hat. 
with Its drooping silk nower, 
Marceau's "Blp" embarks on 
adventures durIng every 
Marceau performance that run 
the gamut of human 
experiences from hunting 
butterflies to attendIng a 
society party, Through "8Ip." 
Marceau explores the dreams, 
failures and triumphs that 
compose the human conditIon, 

for Marceau. "E\'erytIllng can 
be expressecI through· the art of 
mbne, whtcb shuns the deceitful 
words that raise ban14!rs of 
misunderstanding between 
menN .• 8y breIIdng through the 
wall of languages. I mime can 
become I brother 110 all the 
audiences of tile world." 

Marcel Marceau wtII .... pei'""foI ... -111 
Thursday through Saturday 
(April 5-7) at 8 pm wIth a 
Saturday matinee at 2 pm .. a 
SUnday (April 8) matinee It 3 
pm. Tickets art available at the 
fOl 1'haItR bol oftIce 

HREE'S· .........,OMEDY 
Turk Pipkin (of Hany Anderson's 
Evening of Comedy & Magic) and friends, 
in an evening of more cornedy, magic, 

juggling and mime. 

featuring: 
Turk Pipkin, Dave Wood, 

&. Bill Kirchenbauer 

April 5, Thursday, 8:30 p.m. 
Revelle Cafeteria 

G.A. $5.00, UCSD St. $3.00 
... ----.... -UCSD Box Office &: Ticketron: 452-4559 ......... ___ .... _ .... 
4 nlMu April 5. 1984 

PROPHET PRO 
DUCTIONS PRESENTS 

~~~~"o~ INVADERS 
...... 1tOC~M.1 

SAT APR 
g~yJ'ol',~'9~~ 
(CARPENTERS H"'LL~ ~ AT THE DOOR 

$7 00 "D"t~C:GES WRCOME 
FOR TICKETS & INFO. CAll OR 

New sounds 
from an old 
Be Hopper 

By INKZ KRrWID 
Veteran 8r1tlsh musician Bill 

Nelson agaIn appears on the 
music scene with Visum;x, a 
greatest-hlts-type compilation 
featuring some of'l'1elson's more 
exploratory works. 

Ten years ago. Nelson formed 
Be Hop Deluxe. a pub-rock band 
which Influenced numerous 
new-wave performers (Graham 
Parker and the Rumour, for 
example). and at the same time 
he experimented freely with 
guitar techniques which later 
paved the way for 81g Country's 
usage of ~bows. After that 
outfit disbanded, l'1elson 
. 

Records 
dabbled in synthesizers and 
further pIoneered work for 
current artists. 

Visumix consists of cuts 
taken Ii'om three of l'1eJson·s 
more recent albums -
Chimera. The Loue that Whirls. 
and Quit Dreaming and Get on 
~e~m.~lre~lnl~2 
and 1983, SIde one features the 
more banal tracks. though three 
tunes stand out: "Acceleration:' 
"flaming Desire" and 'The Real 
Adventure:' all of which deal 
thema tlcally with human 
sematlons and tactilIty. 

The nIp side more closely 
reftects l'1elson's exploratory 
creative facet.!, soundIng quite 
similar to works by artists he 
Inftuenced. The side opens with 
the quIrky "00 You Dream In 
Colour?" and progresses toward 
more divers. techno-funk 
numbers almost reminIscent of 
XTC, Such songs Include: "A 
KInd of lovIng," the most 
energetic tune on the side: 
'jender In the I'1lght-" a more 
romantic mood piece: and 
" Glow World: ' another of 
Nelson's more artsy cuts. 

l'1elson produced and 
provided nearly all of the 
sounds on this collection, 
which, like many of his previous 
projects, aims high but fallsjust 
short of Its target. 

10TH 
ANNIVERSARY 

RETROSPECTIVE 
CONCERT 

3'S COMPANY & DANCERS 

Celebrate a Decade of Dance 
April 20th & 21st 

UCSD Mandeville Auditorium 
Th"ee's Company's Most Acclaimed 

Repertory W OT~! 
$10.50 General Admission 

$6.50 Students/Seniors/Military 
Special races far groups, 

Tickets available at the UCSD Central Box Office 
452-6467 



Gilbert Sullivan and the snoring woman 
., MJV.S MII'II PArr 
In the two hntic weeks that 

separated winter quarter from 
spring quarter cJaSleS, two 
events occurred to calm the 
gangllons of music lovers or. 
possibly, shut them off 
altogether. If you had not the 
opportunity to attend these and 
so temper YOID' Inter-quarter 
excitement. I shall tell you 
about them. I shall tell you 
about them anyway. 

The tint of a long and 
expensive television series of 
the Gilbert and Sullivan 
collaborations began on 
Wednesday of ftnals week. which 
was a good excuse for not 
watching It but for 50IIIe 
diehards. not good enough. 1be 
Savoy ~ as they are more 
simply called. are, for the 
uninitiated. easy to WItch and, 
for the many fanatics. necessary 
to watch. The fanatic wtll have 
been disappointed by Yeom.n 
of the Glarcls So will have the 
uninitiated person, but he will 
not realize why. 

The Savoy operas get their 
energy from being theabical 
events, and they are so 
peculiarly suited to stage 
performances that audiences 
and casts both manage to get 
great fun out of the most III· 
ftnanced. off-key. underdone 
and overacted amateur 
production. A live caS on a real 
stage covers a greater multitude 
of sil" than It uncovers, but the 
television producers were 
determined to convince their 

viewers that they w~ doing 
nothing else but watching 
television. 

They ftrst squeeJCd the opera 
from stage time Into television 
time. or two hours cactly. 
Perhaps their theory Is that no 
programmer or audience can 
sustain more than two hours 
Interest In a single television 
production. But It Is even more 
dlfllcult to sustain Interest In an 

The plot has become a 
bit choppy, so now 
producers do their 
work on the music. 

preferabk to llave bad IIngeD 
singing naturally than bawenIJ 
but disembodied voices 
hovering around the actors. 

But [ anticipate. The 
producers Moe provided bad 
singers. Although the money Is 
tngllsh, the guiding light of the 
series Is AmerIcan and, to 
appeal to the AmerIcan viewer, 
has brought In big and 
expensl ve names from 
American television and ftlm. 
11Ie most Important role In 
Yeomen of the Giard Is .Jack 
PoInt. the jester. and the part 
was given to Joel Orey, who his 
a name but no voice, at Ieut no 
operatic voice. 1be c.ontrut 
with the other (disembodied) 
voices Is an additional 
aggravation. He also bas the 
rare ability of rnaldng any line 

operetta that has three songs In sound like a cliche. IIICI a 
a row, for one IMtance, blithely particularly maudlin ODe. 11Ie 
removed from It More Is guest actors In store Include 
removed from the piece to television series stars and game 
Include some friendly show hosts. All television 
commentary In the middle by producers are good at spending 
Douglas fairbanks. Jr.. money but they are not 
unfortunately not telling us necessarily wise In doing It. 
what we missed. Anyone who wants to hear 

The plot has become a bit . real Gilbert and Sullivan shouIcI 
choppy. so now the producers go to the San Diego Glibat aacI 
do their work on the music. SUllivan Society's production of 
Taking advantage of the Patience. no composer and 
medium of television. they dub librettist have been so popular 
In all the songs. but sor,te media among amateurs, lor so 
should not be taken advantage successful. 11Ie prcWmltyofthe 
of. The relation between the !tage and enthusiasm 01 people 
actors and the music Is too who do It far the love of It 
tenuous to take one In. and the ou twe I gh the ( d ubi ous 
whole performance remains advantages of big names and 
unconvincing. It would be their accompanying technoJo. 

CINEMA OF JAPAN 

'I HARAKIRI I (1962) by Masaki Kobayasi 
I April 10 I 
I AN ACTOR'S REVENGE I I (1963) by Kon Ichikawa April 17 I 
I IKIRU 

-. It II a pltytlley did not simply 
11m a ItIae production. to give 
It laIt the authatlc reeling. 
Audiences are an ImpOrtant part 
of any production, but they have 
pe out of r.hIoa lately; they 
110 longer go to plays. and plays 
110 longer requfR them. 1be 
D'OyIy carte went bust some 
,all ago when the crowds 
would not come. and now 

She woke up only to 
return to ber 
vociferous Lethe a few 
moments afterward. 

QUbert and SUlUvan Is mnftned 
to a televlsloa let. 

Audiences have some 
raponslbUttIes for the succas 
of a perfonnance. II the 
pafui nalng arts, the usual c)'de 
of sleep is Inverted. and tile 
.:maIngs are devoted to riotous 
listening. the matinees to rest 
.. n;ilMllltion. 'J'hose who go 
to opening nights will not 
m:ognlJe the Symphony 011 
Sunday afternoon. Having 
.almi '* (for slncedowatown 
revitalization. paatlng places 
for tile Ovlc Tbeater have 
IIcwemI IIOUIId the ~ Cortez 
HoteL a dozen blocks away), I 
slipped Into III aisle seat for the 
lint piece, SlbdIus. Hallway 
tJuough the piece the woman 

bellllId me began whispering: 
almost Immediately, fler I'rtend 
neJt to her begaa whispering 
sbnultaneously; then the thlnt 
rrtend joined In. w111sper111g 
twice as loudly, to be hard 
aCJ'QSS the middle companion. 
The aac:encIo of sound was 
soon stemmed In no uncertain 
terms by a gentleman. 
temporarily not a gentleman. 
behind them. the not uncatain 
term being "shut up." 

1be nut piece, Qrieg's plano 
concerto, found me In my 
proper place In tile mJddle of 
the row, wltb an empty space 011 
one side and an elclerly woman 
on the other side. who one-thtnl 
of tile way through the tint 
movement went to sleep and 
two-tIIlrds of the way through 
began snoring. iIty Intentions of 
smltlng her on the occiput with 
a rolled-up program during tile 
pause between movements~ 
thwarted when she woke up 
each time, only to return to ha' 
vociferous Lethe a few IIlOIDeIU 
afterward. Her loud applause It 
the end must haft been an 
embarra.ed cover-up. 

At Intermission the pressure 
was too great. I walked back to 
my car and arrived In time to 
hear the remainder of the 
concert on my radJo, like the 
woman who had eupbones 011 
during the concert. Tbe 
acoustics of the ClYlc 'I1leIta' 
are cWlk:uIt enough without 
Interfaence; my motorcar, at It 
returned northward alonl 
higltway ~, held only me. 

U~E~nbOftke~b 

James Bond's 
all time high. 

" (1962) Akira Kurosawa " 
April 24 

I REDBEARD , ROGER MOORE 
I (1 965) by Akira Kurosawa I May 1 
" A FULL LIFE ,I 
, 

( 1962) by Susumu Hani , 
MayS 

I LATE SPRING , I (1949) by Yasujiro O zu I' I May 15 
'

All films in Japanese with English subtitles I' 
Series: $5 .00, Single $1.50 

I TUESDAYS, PETERSON HALL lOS , 7 :30 P.M. I 
• 1 ___ -- UCSD Box Office , 452· 4559 ______ .1 
6 lllMu April 5.1984 

as IAN FLEMING'S 
JAMES BOND 007'-

Friday, April 6, 8:00 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 

$2.00 
____ UCSD Box Office: 452-4559 ___ _ 

Noted photographer Helmut 
Gernshelm will lecture at the 
Natural History Museum 
Auditorium Tuesday. April 24 at 
7 :30 . pm. for further 
Information, call 239-5262. 

• • • 

The I'torth IUdlng Theatre 
Company will perform Saturday 
and Sunday In the Mandeville 
RecItal Hall at 8 pm. 

The [ngllsh troupe will 
perform two new experimental 

works entitled. Goat Song and 
Dwelling Unit SWeet Dwelling 
Unit. 

Tickets are $4 general 
admission, $2 for students. For 
further Information. call 452· 
4574. 

• •• 

Dr. Jekyland Tift PI ..... 
Juggler. comedian. mime, 
magician and all-around tun 
guy turk Pipkin will team up 
with Bill Ktrchenbauer and 
David Wood for an evening of 
"Three's Comedy" tonight at 
the ReYelie careterIa. Anyone 
who saw Harry Anderson 
perform here will remember 
the antics of Pipkin. Pipkin 
his alao pt. fOllned with 
Rodney Dangerfteld, Plartln 
MuD and the Talking Heads. 

The show starts at 8:lO pm 
In the ReveDe Cafeteria. 
Tickets are $~ for general 
admission and $3 for 
students. for more 
Information. call 452-4559. 

Greek. the recent retelling of 
the Oedipus myth set In 
contemporary t:ast London. will 
be presented by the IA Theater 
Works AprIl 11 at the Mandell 
Weiss Center for the Performing 
Arts. 

ncket prices range from $5 
to $10. ror further Information, 
call 452-4~74. 

range from $4-$6. for further 3229. presented Saturday at 8 pm In 
Mandeville Auditorium. 

Bruce. Who are seeking a 
manlngful relationship while 
heavily Into therapy. whkh Is 
driving them crazy .... 

• •• 

The UCSD Contemporary 
Black Arts Program will present 
1be African Amerlcait Drama 
Company's (in I Speak {of You. 
IJrothU/ and the I'tatlonal Black 
Touring CIrcuit's one-woman 
drama LoDe to Ill. LonI/ne. 

11Ie show Is Sunday In 
Mandeville Center. Tickets 

Information. call 4~2·3103. • •• 
• • • 

The Delta Sigma Phi 
fraternity will hold a dance 
social In the Rec Gym Saturday. 
Admission Is a mere dollar. 

BrIng your best girl and slam 
·tll you drop. 

• • • 

The UCSD Guitar Quarter wiD 

The 1961 Polish ftlm Joan of 
the Angels. by Jerzy 
lawalerowlez. will screen 
Wednesday at 7:30 pm at the La 
Jolla Pluseum. 

Admfssjon Is $3 GA and $2 for 
students and seniors. for 
further Information. call 454-
0267. 

perform Sl.IIdayat 8 pm In room • • • 
8-210 of Manclevllle CeIUr. ror nile ~ Pieces or Traveling 
further Information, call 4~2· JIIusic by John felder wUl be 

11Ie concert Is flu. ror 
further Information. call 4~2· 
3229. 

••• 

The San Diego Repertory 
Theater will present lJeyond 
Therapy, a comedy by 
Christopher Durang. through 
May 6 at the SiBIl Avenue 
Playhouse. 

lJeyond Thetapy deals with 
two singles. Prudence and 

• •• 

Prophet Productions presents 
Reggae rockers. The Mighty 
Invaders and top woman 
JamaIcan Ill. Sister I'tancy on 
Satunlay, AprU 7 at the Club 
Reggae (carpenter's Hall). 24th 
Street and Broadway In Golden 
Hili, beginning at 8 pm. 

j!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!~ University Events Office presents !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!~ 

&tUsh and the onlll singer 
.,.,. for OrlJ!11l"ll_Awards in the 
popular female. classical, andjazz categories. 

"0... of"" to, 10 cone"" In San ",.0 In 1M3" 
Don Braunagel. S.D. Tribune 

April 13 & 14 / 8 pin 
Ca6fornia Theatre 

1122 Fourth Avenue. San Diego 
All Seats Reserved $14.00 & $12.00 

tll.ESEAT~ 
IAN DtIGO ITADIUM Box OffIce. all S.D. County 

1""":, ...... ,@,.,.,j,-r-:".;.;,; ... .;.,;"Men·SStoresl.D.CONYIImON."IIfO_ 
Am ca._ Box orne. (202 C Street).IDIU AZIIC 

C8llllBox omce. HALL Of ~ In Balboa Park. 
IlAIUY ANDIlWlIPOI1I CHA&IT In Escondido. UNO 

ITIIft NAVAL STAtiON Moln Exchange. Bowling Center. 
• LO.I ...... O In Poway. 

To 
A I4IIYlce charge will be added to ItIe price 01 eacn ticket SOld at 

~ernot. Ticket OuIIeII and 1tIe ....... 

11cket. C.u 283·SEAT 

Brazil's Queen of Jazz! 

TANIA MARIA 

April 19, Thursday, 8:00 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 

G.A. $8.00, UCSD St. $5.00 
UCSD Fac/StaffiSt./Sr. $7.00 

~~ UCSD Box Office 6t Ticketron: 452-4559~iiiiiiI 
AprIl 5, 1984 II.... 7 



• • • • I • • 1 t I • J I 

YOUR TERI IS YOWl T~Kn OFf~I! 
TlUWAT? .. Use ". m..AT • Di-llAT ., c o. litllefs ~ youMso 6, MosjerCOllI 

::1ls mOIled .1 tome !)e,m.!; -III ID C""" UlflSI -..henl Get viii, oc:~ol h<lket from 
~l ~ QO.d~..to w4l1ol/ t!$L.'JM$tlIue III ~JuxnCQn~t ItwlAt IXoIII.JJJIeCI 
belqw Of coli tie SlA'lINE - SIoII4IIIA~ A""AI~" AI *>. ~ 10' ~II • ..,,11 

8 ",.",. AprU 5. 1984 


