
ru 5/ 

By USA lAPIN 

A rugged student athlete stood just behind the locked door of the small, poorly lit college dorm room, staring at posters of scantily-clad women 
and fast cars, as he waited for his purchase to be cut 
and weighed on the book-covered desk in from of 

him. It was late on ajanuary night- Friday, the day 
. ~ for students to pany and let loose after a long week 

, of pressure and cramming. ~.~ "' The tall blonde athlete watched as a fellow ~_ ~ , student positioned a steady arm above a 
\ \ ~finelY calibrated scale and poured 

* I expensive white powder onto a small ~ \, piece of paper. Forty-five dollars I exchanged hands, and the athlete left as 
. " 

discreetly as he had entered . 
please turn 10 page 7 

, \ 
/ 

/ 
/ 

I yt.' J" 
" . I \ .... , ' ~ 

' ~ 1(1 , ' 
.. ~ . Iff f"4 •• 1 f fttf t t 

, 

J1 
~ 

~ 
s:: 
~ 

~ 

~ 
J 



UCSD High School Journalism 
Conference will meet this Saturday from 
11:30 am-I pm in HSS 2305. Guest 
lecturers Jeannette DeWyze from the 
Reader, Pamela Moreland from the LA 
Times and Christopher Canole from the 
UCSD Guardian wiU conduct workshops 
on news gathering, features writing, 
photOjournalism and the business of 
publishing. The purpose of the 
conference is to promote critical 
thinking and reading through the study 
and application of journalistic 
techniques. For more mformation, call 
452-4250. 

o 
A San Diego Computer Showcase 

expo will be held April 26-29, at the San 
Diego Convention and Performing Ans 
Center. The show is geared toward 
professional, corporate and business 
users of small computers and word 
processing systems. National and local 
vendors will exhibit a broad range of 
small computer systems, associated 
peripherals, software, services and 
supplies. Free "small computer college" 
seminars will be offered to those 
attending the show. Tickets are $7.50 or 
$5 with discount tickets which are 
available at participating computer 
stores. For more information call 457-
5707. 

D 
UCSD Extension will offer two new 

courses 10 help meet the needs of 
engineers and scientists who are finding 
it necessary to become educated in the 
field of communication and signal 
processmg A second course in systems 
programmmg Will teach the 
fundamentals of mamtammg operallng 
systems, database packages, compilers, 
assemblers and more. For more 
information, call 452-6947. 

o 
Professor of Ethics and Theology at 

the jewish Theological Seminary in New 
York, Seymour Siegel, Wlll give a lecture 
on campus entitled "The Conclusion of 
the President's Commission on 
Biomedical Ethics: AJewish Member's 
View." Dr. Siegel was a member of the 

1968." 
The Black people in America form a 

part of a liberation struggle which 
includes Blacks throughout the world, 
James Forman told a large audience in 
the Humanities Library last week. Pal1 of 
the struggle, said Forman, is to prevent 
the United States from committing 
genocide against the Black people. He 
used the Vietnam War and sterilization 
programs as evidence of thiS intent. 
1969,,, 

Chancellor William McGill announced 
today hiS mtenllon to rehire Dr. Heroel1 
'l-iarcuse for the '69-'70 academic year. 
He revealed that {he report of the secret 
ad hoc faculty committee of five 
members had , after five months' study, 
found Marcuse to be "one of the leading 
philosophers In the world , and a 
teacher of remarkable ability." This news 
was received by the organizers of 
Lumumba-Zapata College as an 
Indicator of the administration's long 
decision-making process, but eventual 
SUppOI1 of Professor Marcuse. 
1970,,, 

The campus Huelga Committee is a 
familiar sight to most UCSD students, 
but according to Juan Lopez, its student 
coordinator, there IS still too much 

President's CommiSSion and is also 
Director of the US Holocaust Memorial 
Council in Washington, DC. He will 
speak at 4:30 pm March 5 in 
Conference Room IlIA of the 
administrative complex. 

D 
Fonner PftsideDI of Cosca Rica and 

currently preSident of the United 
Nations University for Peace in Costa 
Rica, Dr, Rodrigo Carazo, Will speak at 
Linder Hall in the First United 
Methodist Church on March 2. He will 
speak at 7:30 pm on the topic of 
"Teaching and Practicing Peace." While 
in San Diego, Dr. Carazo will meet with 
Dr. Herbert York of UC5D, who is the 
Director of UC's institute on Global 
Conflict and Cooperation, and with Dr. 
Richard Keating, director of the new UC 
Institute of the Americas, to develop ' 
cooperation with the United Natiorts 
University for Peace. 

D 
Dr, Harold Agnew, who recently 

served as Vice-Chairman on President 
Reagan's sciemific panel which 
proposed the ''Star Wars" plan, will 
address the World Affairs Council at a 
dinner, speaking on "The History of 
Nuclear Development," Dr. Agnew was 
pal1 of a research group which initiated 
the first nuclear fission chain reaction 
in 1942. Dr. Agnew also helped develop 
the first atomic bomb at Los Alamos 
where he later directed the laboratory in 
the 70s. The dinner is scheduled for 
Thursday, March 1 at the Mission Room 
at the Bahia Hotel and is open to the 
public. 

D 
S1000 will be awarded to UCSD 

Professor David P. Phillips of the 
SoCiology Depal1ment for winning the 
1983 American Association for the 
Advancement of Science Socio-
Psychological Prize. The MAS selected 
"the Impact of Mass Media Violence on 
U.s. Homicides· as the winning entry 
and will honor Dr, Phillips at its annual 
meeting in New York City on May 27. 

D 

ignoral)ce about the history, struggle, 
aspirations and meaning behind fa 
hue/ga, Cesar Chavez and "don't eat 
grapes" bumper stickers. Although the 
strike has become a symbol of the 
growing Mexican-American, or Chicano, 
movement, it is more a humanitarian 
movement than a political one. The 
basic goal of the stoke is to obtain for 
farm workers collective bargaining 
power. 
1971... 

Due to the effol1S of th e EOP 
recruiting team , the number of Chicanos 
at UCSD has nsen from about 25 to 
over 200 in only a few years "Recruiting 
is necessary because most Chicanos are 
not aware that they are ehglble to attend 
the Univers ity: said Chato Benitez of 
the recruiting team. In about a month, 
the recruiters will be bnnging Chicanos 
to UCSD for tours of the campus. In this 
way, they hope to make the alternative 
of attending UCSD a reality for 
Chicanos, rather than a dream coming 
true only for someone else . 
1976 .. , 

Foul1h College's sympOSium entitled 
"Peoples In America: A Look At Race 
and Racism: begins tonight in the 
cafeteria. Cory Carlson , coordinator of 
the college's Academic Internship 

Have you been sleeping in class again? Are you always late? Does your 
professor talk a mile a minute or with an undecipherable accent? Well , don't 
panic, the AS Lecture Notes service is here to help. 

"Our main purpose is to help students with their academic studies," assured 
Mark Katz, Lecture Notes manager. "It's a service to help students." 

If a course is covered by the Lecture Notes service, the entire quarter's notes 
are aptly recorded and are available to students on a subscription baSIS. The cost 
IS $9 for lower-division classes and $1O for upper-division classes. A 
subscnption can be boughl any time during the quarter and still includes all ten 
weeks of notes. 

Every Wednesday, the preceding week's notes are ready to be picked up; 
often times they can be made available earlier if there is an upcoming midterm. 

Those course that are being covered this quarter Include: Biology 1, 2, 106, 
155; Chemistry 6B, 140B; Economics 1 B, l00B; and EE/CS SOB. All classes are 
eligible to be covered, but they must provide enough subscribers to pay for the 
costs of the notetaker and printing (around 50 students). The previously 
mentioned courses were chosen because, "they are the only ones that are 
economically feasible for us to cover," according to Sue Louis, a Lecture Notes 
employee. 

The professor must also give permission for his or her class to be 
documented. "Some feel it's a good idea: said Katz, "others are indifferent." A 
few professors fear that students will skip the lectures and jUst study the notes. 

The notes are supposed to be a "supplement to the learning process," says 
Louis. "They're not supposed to be for students not going to class, although 
some students still use it for that." 

The notes are recorded by either students or TAs who have already taken the 
class and received an A or B (usually an A). They attend all the lectures, and 
some even confer with the professor on the content of the course. 

"I baSically write what he gives in lecture in a coherent form," said Economics 
IB notetaker Adriana Guezada. She went on to say that when it comes to 
lectures, students can do one of twO things - either listen carefully to the 
lecture and probably take skimpy notes, or write down everything and try to 
understand it later. "I really don't believe you can do both: she confided, "With 
me taking nOles, you don'l have to worry about getting every little line." 

Alex Mari, who is both a TA and notetaker for Biology 2, warned students 
about skippIng cla s. "( don't think the notes can compare with the lecture." If 
you rely on his notes, he claims "you don't get the same impactof it coming from 
the professor." 

The note takers are paid $6.97 per hour with a six hour maximum per week. 
Most of them put in a good nine hours, but 11 still averages out to be a fair wage . 

Before a midterm, there is usually a surge m the number of students wanting 
the notes. Because of printing limitations and an obligation to previous 
subscribers , the notes are often unavailable to those who wait until the last 
minute. 

The AS Lecture Note service also keeps backlogs of notes going back to the 
spnng of '82. II may be a good idea for a student to buy notes from years past to 
accompany the present ones. 

The Lecture Note~ service is budgeted $11,000 a year by the AS. Last year it 
spent over $14,000, AS President Craig Lee attributes this loss to poor 
management and economic ineptness. 

Since then, Mark Katz came OntO the scene and has started to tum things 
around. "This year they're a lOt better managed," admitted Lee. 

Katz has cut COStS by increaSing the efficiency of the methods of notetaking 
and printing. He has also reduced employee hours and raised the price of the 
subscriptions by $1. 

"The big chore Ihis year was proving ourselves, saying that we won't throw 
away AS money," said Katz. 

Even though they lost $900 last quarter, Katz is still optimistic: "I'm hoping 
this quarter to get out of the red." 

Students better hurry up and get their subscriptions now as they might Stop 
giving OUt new ones In the ninth week. Remember, finals are only three weeks 
away. 

Program, said , "This symposium will 
allow those interested members of the 
UCSD community to learn about the 
past history of a number of ethnic 
groups, as well as obtain some idea of 
what their future will hold ." Colson 
noted that tomorrow, a noted Black 
leader and founder of the NAACP, 
Robel1 F. Wilhams, will be speaking on 
campus. 
1978 ... 

Ten years ago, Angela Davis organized 
a politically-oriented group called the 
Black Student Union at UCSD, whose 
main goal was to establish Lumumba-
Zapata College (now Third). In two 
weeks, the BSU will be coming out with 
the first issue of ItS own newspaper, The 
People's VOice . The newspaper will 
consist of poetry, essays, al1icles and 
pictures of students participating in the 
movement stal1ed by Angela Davis. 

1979 .. , 
As teleVision cameras focused on 

Cesar Chavez leadmg thousands of farm 
workers at the funeral of a murdered 
lettuce-cutter last week, many 
Cahfornians must have felt a strong 
sense of deja vu. After a long period of 
relative peace in the fields, a month-old 
United Farm Workers strike had 

suddenly taken on the violent drama of 
earlier farm worker battles. A striking 
farm worker had been shot in the face, 
setting off four days of mass mourning 
in California border towns. 
1980 .. , 

George Johnson has all but 
abandoned newspaper work - he still 
writes an occasional anicle for The 
Militant, his party's newspaper - but 
his time is occupied these days by 
politiCS and his candidacy for the 
Senate seat currently occupied by 
Democrat Alan Cranston. John, who 
brought hiS SOC ialist workers campaign 
here last night, still has an Interest in 
journahsm left over from his days as a 
CBS News television correspondent 
covering the '60s demonstrations. He 
now sees himself as a socialist who can 
do more by working within the 
government. 
198-4 .. , 

Today's Deja Vu is dedicated to 
Angela Davis and her return to UCSD 
last Sunday. The struggle for human 
rights has existed at UCSD since the 
first student stepped onto our campus 
to learn from the past struggles of aU 
people. 

- Christopher Canole 

Davis lecture 
focused on racism 
By CHRISTOPHER CANOLE 

' Knowledge unfits a child to be a 
slave," Angela Davis stressed during her 
lecture last Sunday in the Mandeville 
Auditorium entitled , "The Status of Third 
World and Oppressed people," To unify 
the audience, Davis noted , "Victories in 
the struggle agairtst ractsm In education 
will bring an extension of rights and 
liberties for aU." 

Not all in attendance supponed the 
activist. A handful of studems cheered 
each time Davis mentioned Ronald 
Reagan. She handled them as if they 
were high school cheerleaders making a 
disturbance on cue, oblivious to issues 
of which she spoke. Several times they 
miscued and Davis said, "I hope the 
applause was for what I am about to 
say." 

Davis presented a history of people's 
suuggle to gain educational and 
economic equality in the world. She 
iUustrated her ideas with stories of 
oppression to provide a background of 
lessorts from the past. 

"The struggle for education among 
Black people has generaUy been 
syt!onymous with the strullde for 
liberation. From the days or slavery to 
the present, Black people have fought 
courageously, and sometimes have been 
compelled to sacrifice their lives in 
order that others might gain a little 
knowledge. 

and write because knowledge unfits a 
child for slavery. 

"The first demand of the Blacks to 
Congress after the Civil War was for 
education, Black and white women from 
the North played an indispensible role 
in the experimental period of the 
Radical Reconstruction, during which 
the basis for an educational system was 
established. And many of those who 
came down to the South were 
astonished to see the degree to which 
Black people woukl exert themselves to 
learn how to read, to learn how to 
write." Davis paused as many in the 
audience murmured about their own 
lack of commitment in their studies. 

You have to be taught to hate, 
During the period of radical 
reconstructlon the poor whites were 
beginning to reap the same educational 
benefits as the Blacks, which created a 
threat to the defeated white slave 
owners. "During this period it became 
necessary to establish racism in a way 
that would guarantee that never again 
would there be an aUiance between 
Black and white people: said Davis. "(t 
was necessary to create, in the minds of 
white people, images and attitudes 
towards Black people which would 
assure that they would see nothing that 
they held in common with Afro-
Americarts. 

"If you really think about it, this was a 

hell of an accomplishment, to convince 
oppressed white people that just 
because their skin was white and they 
had straight hair, they were somehow 
superior to Black people . 

'Panicularly surpris ing is often times 
you have the situation when a white 
person looks up 10 a white oppressor 
who has one foot on the while person's 
neck and the other foot is pressing 
down a little harder on a black person's 
neck, Just because that man up there 
who has his foot on two people's necks 
is white, the white person was taught to 
believe he had more in common with 
this white oppressor than he had with 
the Black person who was suffering the 
same oppression." 

AI this point, Davis' presentation 
began to change from a somber eulogy 
of past Black struggles to the urgent 
issues of today. 

"How did the white oppressors 
accomplish this? It didn't happen 
overnight, because during radical 
reconstruCtion Black and white people 
had fought together, and won victories 
together, and benefited from those 
victories together. It happened as a 
result of systematic lynchings that would 
not only be witnessed in the South, but 
all over the country. Lynching is the 
most horrifying potential of racism. 
Thousands of Black people were 
lynched to entertain thousands of white 
people, They watched as the Black 
people burned to death. Most of the 
lynchings were not hangings because 
burnings lasted longer and prolonged 
the agony. As the bodies burned, the 
white children were taught to scream 
out racist statements, The children were 
trained to look upon Blacks as their 

p/£ase tum to page 8 "During the days of slavery when 
slaves were forced to work from sunup 
to sundown, from 'can't see in the 
morning to can't see no more at night: 
there were midnight schools that 
convened after the master and his 
family went to sleep. Many of those 
midnight schools were run by women. 
And they ran those schools under the 
threat of execution, pal1icularly after Nat 
Turner led his uprising, for Nat Turner 
could read and write. He conveyed to 
his people G.:xI 's message to pick up Ihe 
sword and slay the oppressor. 

!1£§!?a Police "nab car burglar 
"After the Tumer incident it became a 

capital crime for a slave to learn how to 
read and write. Some masters chose to 
cut off the fingers of those who 
attempted to write, Yet on many a 
plantation there were women willing to 
teach those who would gather at 
midnight to study 'till three o'clock in 
the morning. 

"Fredrick Douglas was taught by his 
master's wife, who had come from the 
NOM, and not schooled in the 
s1avoeracy of the South, to read and 
write. When the master discovered what 
was happening, he stated that Fredrick 
Douglas could not be taught how to read 

NAVY NUCLEAR 
ENGINEERING 

any better offers? $24,000 
to $54,000 after 6 years. 
If you are 19 to 26 years 
of age majoring in math, 

chemistry, physics or 
engineering and would 
like to learn more about 

this opportunity 

CALL 
COLLECT 
(619) 

293·6746 
Call between the hours of 9 
am to 5 pm, Mon, thru Wed, 

Last week police caught and booked a 
non-UCSD student as he was 
burglarizing a UCSD student's car in the 
late evening. This was one of a chain of 
auto thefts which have taken place 
nOM of campus in what UCSD Sergeant 
Bob Jones describes as "a real burglar'S 
paradise." 

After a stakeout, Jones and Detective 
David Isley caught the male juvenile on 
NOl1h Torrey Pines Road . "We were on 
the east side of NOl1h Torrey Pines, 
hidden up in the bushes near the 
Extension building: said Jones. 

"A car pulled over and stopped about 
100 yards away from us on the east side 
of the street," Jones continued. "From 
the bushes we saw the dome light go on 
in the UCSD stud em's car. We crossed 
to the west Side of the street because it 
was darker and afforded us more 

~11e Travel Gear 
cfrWk and 

Council Travel 
preIInt 

"Independent Trawl 
Through Europe" 

Leam about the basics 
- Travel Gear 
- Flights 
- Eurail 
- Britrall 
- International Student ID Card 
- Youth Hostels 
- Budget Accommodations 
- ForeIgn Currency 
- Travel Literature 

and much morel 
Attend our Free Seminar 

Mar, 12. 1984. 5-7pm. No Conf Rm 
Refreshments will be served RSVP by phOne 

452-D630 ex INOIk In. 

protection." 
They walked along the street and 

then they crossed over. "There was one 
back in the car and another was in the 
street when they-heard us. We 
identified ourselves as police and asked 
them to halt. The one in the car drove 
off and the other ran into the bushes 
where we caught him a few minutes 
later: jones added, The youth was taken 
and booked in Juvenile Hall while his 
panner got away. 

In the last three or four weeks there 
were 12 auto burglaries on the stretch of 
N. Torrey Pines tfiat runs nonh of the 
Muir campus entrance out towards the 
glider port. 

"We did a pattern study nn the 
burglaries," said jones, "looking at the 
frequency of occurrence, the time, the 
days and the place. We determined that 

Wednesday night between 11 pm and 4 
am would be the most likely time." The 
police got to the sight at 11 pm, and 
had planned to stay until about 5 am or 
until it was too light. 

"The problem is that there aren't any 
street lights out there and there aren't 
any buildings," said jones. "The students 
in the Muir resident halls park their cars 
out there instead of in the campus lots. 
The street is owned by the county and 
not the University, so there aren't any 
hghts on the street. 

"In this burglary, the MO, the mode of 
operation, was the same as the other 
burglaries," said Jones. "We are making 
an attempt to link this incident to those 
that occurred in past weeks." 

No further burglaries have occurred 
since Jones and Isley apprehended the 
juvenile. 

'SOFT (OHTAO LENSES 
in 
most cases 

INCLUDES: 
Contact lenses, examination, 
patient training, follow up, 
chemical care Idt and fitting. 
EXTENDED WIAIlD8IS 
ONLY $165.00 

THE CLASSICAL EYE 
DR. ROIERT HI' I,. OPirOl.~1IST1 

La Jolla Village Square 
(Inside the Mell; Lower Level) 

8657 Villa La Jolla Drive • Suite 136 
451-7374 



4 MardI I. 1984 
OPINION 

Commentary: 

Angela Davis returns, but 
she hasn't mellowed with age 
By DAVID WOLF 

Anyone who beheve thaI Angela Davis has in any way mellowed 
with age was nO! present at her 80 mmute address last Sunday night. 
In her speech. Davi represented the average while American male 
capltahst as a nght-wlng ra ist, winning over the highly pamsan 
audience that barely filled half of Mandeville Auditorium. She urged 
all presem [0 reject m .. llnstream polluc and suppOrt either 
Democratic pres((lrntlal candidate Je~se Jackson . or herself, as she tS 
running for the same oOlce on the CommUniSt pany tlCkeL 

DaVIS told of her attempt to e,tablish "LillY ul"'lba-Zapata" (we know 
It as Third ) College, dunng her time at UCSI n the late ·60s. A 
Guardlall amelI' last week reponed that Davis lried 10 establish a 
quota lor Lumumba-Zapata of 35% Black and 35% Chicano srudents, 
with other applicanons to be considered by a board of minority 
students. Ironically. she presented this as a So/utlOI1 to racism, which 
she maintainS is pervasive in America. It is so pervasive, It seems, 
that Ms Davis must reson to it herself. Perhaps she beheves that rwo 
wrongs will make a nght. 

DavlS also gave her version of Black history in America, in an effort 
to convince the audience that racism IS the result of a capitalist 
conspiracy to prevent an "alliance" between Blacks and white 
workers. With all of her impassIOned rhetoric, Ms. Davis never as 
much as quoted a historian, or a study. or one of those "oppressors" 
m support of her assertions. 

She told her audience that the KKK had a membership of four 
million in 1920, and In so doing implied that they were a substantial 
force She accused Mannes at Camp Pendleton of giVing weapons 10 
the KKK, without supportmg her claim. More than likely, this is 
because this accusation was unfounded. She also fa iled to mention 
that the same FBI that had supposedly wat hed her In the Ime '60s 
prosecutes Klan members found gUilty of Illegal or racist acts. 

In a urade against the criminal Justice system, she railed against 
what she called "police cnmes: and m so domg, recounted the 
tragedy of ftve-year-old Patrick Mason. The boy was aCCidentally shot 
by a Los Angell' police officer Invesllgating a report uf a prowler in a 

darkened house. Davis Implied rhat because the o flker was white 
that the act was deliberate. In her one-sided view of law enforcement 
she neglected to mention the scores of Peace Offtcers gunned down ' 
In cold blood on the streets and freeways on the US, pro tec ting the 
hves of mnocent citizens. 

AsIde from the predictable rhetonc, Davis atso focused on the 
upcoming elections. She urged "aU people of color" to JOin the 
coalition sup porting Jesse Jackson as he pushed for full employment 
and the climlnallon of racism. One must question Davis' choice of a 
champion , especially one whose colorblind ness does not Include 
"hymies" and who apologizes to Yasir Ararat for America's support of 
Israe1. 

She then told the gathering that she is running for the preSidency 
under the Communist Party USA ticket. Her platform IS clear: 
eliminate profit, guarantee jobs, eliminate defense spending and give 
welfare to whomever wants it. The curious thing is that she called her 
platform "practica1." Preposterous and oversimplified come to mind 
with greater dispatch. 

What UCSD students mUSI remember from this 'auspicious' 
occasion is thai 'our' AS council, in gross violation of the by-laws 
governing student organizations, supported a presidential candidate 
with student funds. 

By paying Angela Davis to speak on this campus, the council gave 
de Jocto support to a candidate for political olTice, something strictly 
fomidden. In an almost unanimous vote, the Council approved a 
$700-plus allocation to bring Ms. DaVIS to UCSD. 

This is not the first time this year the CounCil has made such an 
error. But after gtving de facto support , through funding, to a religiOUS 
group's program and to the Communist party presidential candidate, 
it is clear that the voting record of this year's AS council is sloppy at 
best. . 

Whlll' I[ IS not wrong to let Ms. Davis speak on this campus, it was 
clearly wrong to use money raised in registrauom fees to pay for it. 

tudents must not have to subSid ize pohtics or racism, In any form . 

ll®fdtceIr~ll®ilitceIr~ll<eilitceIr~ncefdtceIr~ll<e~~ceIr~llceilit®Ir~llce~frcerr~ncettfrce1f~nceilitceIr~ncefr~ 
tt®rr~lettersllcefdt®Ir~n<eilit®Ir~nceilitcerr~llcettttceIr~llceilitceIr~n®ilitceIr~ncefr~<eIr~nceilitceIrg 
Ir~n<eilit®Ir~ll®frtt®Ir~nceilitceIr~n®fdtceIr~nceilitcelf~llcettfr®lf~nceilitcelf~ll®tillcelf~ncettttcelf~nce 

n®~fr<elf~n®ilitcelf~ll~ilitceIr~nceilit®Ir~llcefrttcelf~nceilitceIr~nceilitcelf~n<eilit®1f~n®tt~<elfncefrfr~ 
Editor: 

I just returned from the 
Mandeville Auditorium after 
listening to Angela Davis. As one 
of the few thinking, non-
apathetiC students at UCSD, I am 
both appalled and angry that 
funds provided by myself and 
other students were used by the 
AS to bring Miss Davis to our 
campus. 

An admitted member of the 
Communist party, Miss Davis 
managed to convince me beyond 
a doubt that she is both anti-
American and a racist. It is 
ironic that a woman can have 
such a noble dream as ending 
racism, yet endeavor to reach her 
goal by practicing the act she 
loathes. 

As far as her lecture, Miss 
Davis was successful at 
vocahzing her anti-capitalist, 
pro-socialist ideals , as well as 
denouncing Ronald Reagan and 
plugging her own presidential 
candidacy on the Communist 
party ticket. 

Frankly, I am terrified that 
such a person could possibly 
become politically powerful. Her 
ideas are overly simplistic, a 
result of false reasoning and 
non-factual information, and are 
dangerous to our national health. 
I agree our country has some 
problems, but there are no easy 
solutions , certainly nOl what Miss 
Davis has to offer. 

I hope in the future , the AS 
Council will not blindly give our 
money to speakers who are not 
supponed or wanted by the 
scudent body. Miss Davis is one 
such speaker, as evidenced by 

the sparse gathering at the 
Mandeville Auditorium Sunday 
night. 

Mark Hoffman 

Editor: 
In response to Efren Dua rte's 

commentary on KSDTs mobile 
DJ unit, it should be nDled that 
Duarte entered into a contractual 
agreement with KSDT well in 
advance of the event. Duarte was 
aware of the terms o f the 
contract which stated that 
programmir.g is the 
responsibility of KSDT. KSDT not 
only fulfilled the terms of the 
agreement but this personal 
problem Mr. Duane has with 
KSDT has already been 
addressed by the UCSD 
administration and decided in 
favor of KSDT. Incidentally, it 
should be reiterated that the 
commentary was written solely 
by Duarte and not on behalf of 
the Summer Bridge Program. 

Three weeks prior to the 
event, Duane was given an 
"interest sheet" in which he was 
asked to list up to 25 bands 
representative of the different 
types of music which he felt 
should be featured at the dance. 
He was also given a list of music 
which we have found to be 
popular at a number of dances. It 
is true that some of this music is 
tOP 40 "progressive" music. It 
was clearly explained to him that 
KSDT would retain the right to 
program the ew:nt. 

This policy is inherent to most 
mobile DJ units. 91X's policies, 
(sorry Efren, your facts are not 
correct), reOect ours. 91X 

normally charges more than four 
times the amount of KSDT's 
services and any additional 
programming requests will cost 
the contracting organization a 
minimum of $100 above the 
normally high rate of $450. 

Duane was fully aware that 
KSDT was willing to work with 
his interest sheet requests , even 
to the point of acquiring records 
we did not have. I spent close to 
an hour with Duarte going over 
each point of the contract and 
KSDT's procedures regarding our 
interest sheet, programming and 
enlire party package process. 
However, despIte numerous 
attempts to reach him and after 
leaving several messages, Duarte 
did not submit the interest sheet 
until twO hours prior to the 
event. Further the sheet listed 
each song KSDT was to play, the 
order we were to play it in , and 
even the intermission breaks we 
were to hold. We assert that 
Duarte was not willing for KSDT 
to perform its professional 
services - which includes the 

. knowledge, selection, 
organization and segue of music. 

In addition, Duarte arrived 
with numerous pieces of 
equipment which he had not 
informed KSDT about. He then 
demanded that the equipment be 
incorporated into our system, 
allegedly because he had spent 
money renting it. KSDT was kind 
enough to accommodate Duane 
although the equipment was an 
unknown and the effects to our 
system could have been 
detrimental. KSDTs system is 
perfecdy capable of blasting out 

the ReveUe Cafeteria without any 
additional equipment. 

Throughout the event, we 
played a large percentage of 
Duarte's requests. We also played 
numerous requests which were 
not part of Duarte's list. What 
can we say, the place was 
happenin', people were having a 
good time and KSDT received 
compliment after compliment. 

It was and is KSDT's intention 
to work with any organization 
contracting for use of our mobile 
unit, in order to create the 
desired atmosphere. We have 
done so successfully at events 
ranging from student parties to 
administrative award ceremonies. 
KSDT looks forward to providing 
a continued service to the UCSD 
campus. 

Editor: 

Leslie Peters 
General Manager, KSDT 

I noticed something terribly 
apathetiC last Sunday evening. I 
was disappointed, but not 
shocked, at the mediocre turnout 
to hear Angela Davis last Sunday 
evening. Mandeville Auditorium 
was perhaps half-full at best. 
' The largest audience for a guest 
lecturer in UCSD history" that 
the Guardian predicted, did not 
show up. I see this to be ret 
another true indication 0 the 
general apathetic attitude toward 
the elimination of racism in 
today's American sociery. 

Despite the fact that Sunday 
evening is often used for 
studying, relaXing or recouping 
for a new work week, there is no 

111t'<I": lUll! Ie' pug.: 6 

H 

Editor 
Tim August 

Managing Editor 
Phil Lauder 

Copy Editor 
Joe Desiderio 
Opinion Editor 
Grace Nielsen 

Contributing Opinion Editor 
David Wolf 

News Editor 
Usa Lapin 

Contributing News Editors 
Chnstopher Can ole 
Steven R. Fnedman 

Phil Willon 

Am Editor 
Andrew Keeler 

Associate Ans Editor 
John Nee 

Sports Editor 
Jeff S.lV'age 
Photo Editor 
Rich Pecjak 

General Manager 
Chris Milke 

Associate General Managers 
Unda Lewis 

Valene McMullin 

Photographers 
Richard Catenna 
Rob Friedenthal 
Mark Johnson 
David Newell 

Illustrators 
John Ashlee 

Steve Kloepfer 

Typesetters 
Joe Desiderio 
Anggle Lapid 
Phil Lauder 

• ~ Andy Laurence 
Production 
Paul Farwell 

Rub Friedenthal 
Lizz Fuller 
Kelley Neal 

Karla Spe ncer 

Staff Writers 
Lance Bernard, Ethan Feerst, 
David Aeminger, Sergio Klier, 
Michael Partos, Dena Rosen. 

The UCSD Guardian is 
published Mondays and 
Thursdays during the academic 
year by students at UCSD. 
Views expressed in the 
Guardian do not represent the 
views of the Regents of the 
University of California or the 
Associated Students of UCSD. 
All un -i nitialled editorials 
represent the views of the entire 
editorial board of the Guardian; 
initiaUed editorials represent 
minority opinions of the 
editorial board . Reproduction , 
publication, or any use without 
permission of any portion of 
this newspaper without prior 
notifi ca tion is strictly 
prohibited. 

The Guardian welcomes 
Signed leuers and commentary 
as outlined in the Opinion 
section; however, we are not 
responsible for unsolicited 
manuscripts or art. 

Our office is located 
southeast of the Revelle Provost 
Office next door to the Che 
Cafe on the UCSDcampus. The 
Business Office is open from 9 
am to noon and I pm to 5 pm 
Monday through Friday. 

SubSCriptions are available 
and will be mailed first class for 
$15 per quarter. 

The UCSD Guardian 
UCSD, B-016 

La Jolla, California 92093 
(619) "52-3"66 

.... I 

Breakfast in America: 
snap, crackle, plop 
By PHIL LAUDER 

Cereal is the mainstay of Breakfast in 
America. We have aD been told since 
junior high that breakfast is the moSt 
important meal of the day, and what do 
we do? We make cereal our national 
breakfast food. Any wonder why our 
national debt is in the trillions? 

Sure, many people can get away with 
avoiding cereals in the morning. They 
thrive on bacon and egg<;, or sausage 
and eggs, or potatoes and eggs, or egg-
and-cheese omelets, or Egg McMuffins 
or green eggs and ham - something to 
do with eggs. But even eggs take time, 
and time is one commodiry that 
Americans in general - and coUege 
students in particular - cannot afford 
to waste. Most of us would rather throw 
cream of wheat into boiling water and 
havt it cook in 30 seconds, or throw 
Froot Loops into a bowl direcdy and 
avoid nutrition altogether. 

Cereals come in two basic forms: hot 
and cold. The first is what I like to call 
mush. Ah, mush - the essence of the 
dull breakfast- The very word conjures 
up images of delight. Mmmm ... unh ... 
shhh. Mush - cream of wheal, wheat 
heans, wheatina, com meal, grits and 
the mushiest of the mushy, oanneal. 
Mush. Cooked to the perfect 
consistency, it will hold your spoon 
straight up for hours. Mush. Available at 
fine retailers everywhere. 

Hot cereal just doesn't provide much 
incentive for getting up in the morning. 
It is, however, a simple, heahhful, non-

with 

Debra 
8: • 10m 

Formal Training with 
Jean Louis David, Sebastian, 

and Paul Mitchell. 
Available at E8MDCC 

3251 Holidav Ct, AbI:Ne Germaln's Dell 

Also Wn:iWl<ruu.lS 

Get out from under -
enroll In 

Information I 
Academic 
Libraries 

sugar-saturated breakfast meal. The main 
chaDenge with the stuff is finding 
something interesting to dump into it to 
make it taste like som~thing other than 
what it really is - mush. This usuaUy 
involves four or five teaspoons of sugar 
- and there goes the health factor. 
Com chips also go weU with mush: 
"Mush a buncha Fritos go with mush 
(FrilOS make mush, munch better): 

The flamboyant relative of the hot 
cereal is, naturaUy, the cold cereal. Did I 
say "naturaDy"? The terms "natural" and 
"cold cereal~ are pretty much mutuaUy 
exclusive, but there are some 
exceptions: Quaker 100% Natural, Grape 
Nuts, Shredded Wheat, Chex and T oral 
are cereals with litde or no sugar and 
lots of fiber. That's fine. 

But then there are the others. 
Before I continue, I must state flatly 

that my parents kept this paJticular 
impressionable youth far away from 
those sugar cereals, so I don't have the 
first-hand knowledge of wh.at they taste 
like. I think I'll live. But I do enjoy 
taking a look at aD the disgusting 
offerings available. The next time you go 
shopping, take a walk down the junk 
cereal aisle. 

Take a walk into the fantasy world of 
sugar cereals. 

Perhaps the leader of this not-50-
fantasy kingdom is FrOot Loops -
spelled with a double "0" because the 
word "fruit" would imply that there's 
actuaUy something real in this stuff, 

a course designed to teach you strategies for doing library 
research faster and better 

Contemporary Issues 50 
Spring Quarter, 1984 

Hunwnltla UbIwy lullclng 
Section A:. Monday & Wednesday, 9:00 - 9:50 a.m., Cluster 

Undergraduate Library, Room 2100 H/L Building, 2 units 
Instructor: MlJrc GittIesohn 

ContcmporIty ISIua 50 (a two-unltcou .... ) II otrcNd 
F.", WI"" and Sprtns Q ..... " each ...... 

which 01 course there isn't. Froot Loops 
does not reign over this sugar kingdom 
unchaDenged; Alpha Bits, Lucky Charms, 
Apple Jacks and Trix all vie for the top 
spot, and aU bring up the older, 
established, royal contingent of junk 
cereals. 

Continuing down the aisle, you'll 
notice to your left the bourgeosie of this 
society. Cap'n Crunch leads this troop 
of Cocoa Puffs, Super Sugar Crisp, Sugar 
Com Pops, Cocoa ' Pebbles, Fruity 
Pebbles, Sugar Smacks, 1:1 a/. (Take a 
glance at the ingredient lists if you 
missed your chemistry lecture for the 
day.) This class of cereals is pretty much 
stable, but is now being chaUenged by a 
third class: the new-wave proletariat 
sugar cereals. 

this rising new-wave movement 
among cereals is what scares the crunch 
out of me. Who comes up with these 
hideous names? And why? Why do we 
have Smurf Beny Crunch? Who needs 
it? What about C-3PO's, or Cookie 
Crisp, or Strawberry Shortcake, or 

March J 1984 5 
OPI~ION 

MarshmaUow Krispies or even 
Screaming Yellow Zonkers? Where did 
they come from? Who brought them 
here? And then there are the video 
cereals - Donkey Kong, Donkey Kong 
Junior and the most nauseating of aU, 
Pac Man, a character I personally 
despise and will shoot on sight at every 
opponunity. Now he - IT - is a 
cereal That's not funny, that's sick. 

You'll notice as you finish your tour of 
aisle 5B that the royalty, middle class 
and rising proletariat that make up this 
junk cereal society are aU located at 
shopping cart level on the shelves. 
Funny, that's just about the eye level of 
most kids. Must be a coincidence. 

I hope you were able to make it in 
and out of this Cereal Wonderland 
without undue injury to body or dietary 
habit. JUSt think, these cereals -
constantly striving to become more 
disgusting and more nutrition-free than 
ever - make up the main ingredient of 
Breakfast in America. 

If America is what America eats. 
America is in big trouble. 

The Guardian invites our readers to make use of the opinion section 
as an open forum to present and exchange their views on any subject. 
Letters and anicles may be sent to the Opinion Editor at the Guardian, 
B-016, UCSD, La Jolla , CA 92093 or brought to our offices adjacent to 
the Che Cafe. Requirements for letters and Commentary pieces are 
outlined below. . 
Commentary pieces may be submitted by any concerned individual. 
Pieces should be typed double-spaced on a 72-character line. Anicles 
may be rebuttals to a Guardian story or letter. Whatever the subject, the 
writer should focus on a clear thesis. We reserve the right to edit for 
clarity and style, but all major changes will be cleared with the author 
prior to publication whenever possible. 
Letters to the editor should be typed as above. Letters are generally 
written in regard to anicles or other letters printed in the Guardian. 
However, any letter of general intrest to UCSD students will be 
considered for publication. Letters may be edited when space requires, 
and spelling and grammatical errors may be corrected. The writer's 
name snd phone number must accompany every anicle and letter. 

Our Interdlsdplinery course on human sexuality was 
o~red for the first time in 1978. We ere pleased to be able to 
schedule it agein this spring, end welcome interested 
students. 
The goal of the course is to emphasize the piece of sexuality 
In the achievement of pel"SOnal identity, a social role, and a 
satisfying relationship with others. Therefore, instead of a 
course with the exduslve emphasis on anatomy of sexual 
function and dysfunction (though these are included) we are 

o~ring one that considers human sexueHty in terms of 
anthropology, history, literature, economics, the law, political 
SCience, ethno-botany, psychology, and psychiatry. 
Instructor: Dr. Lola R. Ross 

~~ 
" 

, 

, • .,~ Scheduling Information: ;, .¥h L Contemporary Issues 22 
- Course Code: 5594 
. . - Tu Th 2:30 - 3:50 

lNXe Intormetlon about these and other 
InterdiSCiplinary Studies of'fuIngs can be 

obtained from Muir College 
Inter~lnary Studa OfIIce: 

202. H&SS. 
Telephone: .52-3589 

HSS 1330 



6 March I, 198~ 
UP I'\J l ) "-, 

II <eilit<ell' ~ II <eilit<ell' ~ll <e llit<ell' ~ll <eilit<ell' ~n <e ilit <.elf ~ll ce ilit<ell' ~ II <efrtt<ell' ~ n <eilit<ell' ~ll <ettiteJrsHettit<eJrlll <ettit<eIr~ll ce 
fr<eIr~lettersll<ettit<ell'~ll<ellit<ell' ~ll ceilit<elr ~ll<efrtt~Ir~ll ceilit<eIr~ll<eilitcelr~ll<ettit<eJrsn<ettlteIrSn<ettit<eJr~ll<ellit<e 
ll'~n<eilitceIr ~ll <ellit<eIr~ll<efrfrceIr~n <eilit<elf ~llceilit®ll'~ll<eilitceIr~ll <eilit®lf ~nceilit<eIrSneilit<eJrsllettit<eJr~ll<eilit<eIr 
II <eilit<ell' ~ II <e ilit<eIr ~ll ceilit<ell' ~ II <ellit<eIr ~ II <etttt<eIr~ n ceilit<eIr ~ll ceilit<elr ~ II <eilit<elr~ll ce;{tlt<eJr lle ilit<eJrlll <eilitell' II <efr 

contH1u~d from page 4 
other rationale in addition to non-
interest which explains the dismal 
turnout to hear a lecture promO(ed by a 
lengthy article in the Guardian, not to 
mention radio advertisements on a 
major San Diego station. 

It disturbs me greatly to find that a 
major force in the liberation movement 
for aU, not solely people of color, could 
draw so few interested listeners. For 
emphasis, 1 must note that not only was 
the audience small in force, it had a 
percentage who not only admitted to 
ignorance, but took pride in their 
ignorance by chOOSing to interrupt Ms. 
Davis' lecture with timely applause at 
any mention of Ronald Reagan's name 
or policies, depite the fact that this man 
desired to have Angela Davis sent 
directly to the gas chamber when he 
was acting Governor of California. 

Racism runs rampant in America 
today. Don't believe otherwise. It exists 
not only in the South, but in every 
sector of the country. It exists not only 
among the non-educated, but on every 
coUege campus. It exists not only on 
every restroom wall , but in the homes of 
millions. It's for this very reason that we 
as individuals must continue - with 
great energy - to bring about the 
cessation of racist attitudes in America. 
We can only do this by halting our 
peripheral view and switching to 
microscopic analysis of our own self, of 
our own psychology, to discover that as 
moral human beings we must persevere 
in acquiring the true rights and 

Dysan 5W' SS DO 
Dysan 5W OS DO 
Dysan S- 55 DO 
Maxell 5W 55 DO 
M~" 5W OSDD 
Sentlnal 514- 55 DO 
DIskeUe SIorage cas,s 
5 W Minicase - Holds ~ 

Rip 'N' File - Holds SO 

MX-IOO 
MX-80 
C.ltoh Prowrjt~r 
Oume 
Transtar 

Ask about special orden 

MONITORS 

$3.00 
54.00 
54.25 
$2.90 
54.60 
$2.65 
$3.95 

519.95 

$10.75 
SS.50 
56.25 
56.50 
SS.50 

Amdex 12- Green 5199 
Amdex 12- Amber 5210 

Ask about special orders 

Right Simulator 534 
Frogger S35 
Home Accountant 575 
PFS: Rle 5125 
PFS: Graph 5125 
PFS: Write S140 
Zaxxon 540 
Zork I 540 
lork" 540 

Ask about spedal orders 

527 
525 
556 
594 
594 

5105 
$29 
529 
S29 

freedoms of the Black, the Latin, the 
Asian and of every other member of 
humanity before we can realistically 
claim to be possessing them ourselves. 

America kiUed Dr. King. A quick 
glance at any restroom waU after April 4, 
1968, gave ample evidence of the 
poisonous racism that finaDy inspired 
one individual to take violent and 
disastrous action. "HaDelujah! The King 
is dead!" Shocking? It shouldn't be so to 
any aware observer of American society. 
One must nO( look hard nor far to find 
the same message, perhaps in different 
words, on any waD today. If not in 

"'reference to Dr. King, it's in reference to 
another Black or Mexican, or another 
tnember of our society. 

The KKK and American Nazi Party, 
organizations which practice and 
promote genocide, boast of strong 
membership. Police crime and brutality 
towards minorities is at a high never 
before witnessed in America. The 
evidence is endless. Our country must 
intensify its effort to eradicate these 
racist elements. This is not solely a 
minoriry struggle, it is our entire nation 's 
struggle. 1. myself, am a white man and I 
mention that for no other reason than 
to emphasize that this must be the 
concern of every American, not a certain 
few. 

To be sure, we must have and 
desperately need laws to ensure equality 
across the board, but it must be made 
crystal clear that while you can legislate 
behavior, you cannot legislate attitude, 
and only through expressing to those 

Prowriter S510AP 
Mannesmam Spirit 80 
Brother CE-50 

~I 
Interface for CE-50 

Epson FX~ 
Epson FX-IOO 
Digital LASO 
Gemini lOX 
Gemini IS 
OTC 380z Daisy. 

32 CPS 
HP 7470A Pfotter 

S595 5495 
S399 $355 

SSOO S399 
SI99 5165 
S6995635 
S895 5795 
S695 5556 
S399 S329 
S599 5475 

SI495 S1250 
SI095 $930 

Ask about special orders. 
CABLES 
Centronics Printer Cable 
IBM PC Parallel Cable 
RS-232 Serial Cable 

S25.00 
525.00 
523.00 

Anchor 300 Baud S99 S89 
S315 
5450 

Anchor 300/1200 5399 
Prometheus 300/1200 S499 
IBM PC SOF1WARE 
PFS: File 
PFS: Write 
Right Simulator 
Home Accountant Pfus 
Starcross 
lork I 
lork " Jumpman Junior 
Microsoft C COrTl'iler 
MS Pascal Complier 

SI40 SIOS 
S50 U9 
S150 SII2 
550 536 
S50 S36 
S50 S36 
540 S30 
S500 S375 
5350 5265 

Ask abouI special orders 

1I1II"la1TY IIBIlIiSTaIiI 
COMPUTER CENTER 

452-4291 

who are stiD impressionable, the 
righmess of appreciating anO(her man 
or woman as a human equal, can we 
hope to eliminate the still existent racist 
attitude. 

Prejudice is based in ignorance and 
as the saying goes, "Ignorance is bliss.ft 
Keeping this in mind, the next time you 
passively accept (or express for that 
matter), a racist statement or action, 
question yourself and question the 
validity of that prejudiced remark or 
display. Then attack it. Attack it with 
reaon, with desire, with ematio", Shake 
yourself and/ or others from apathy. 
Have no fear of ridicule. Have no fear of 
rejection. You have the only imponant 
fact in your favor - you are right. 

DrusiaDo Solari 

Ediaor: 
In response to Efren Duarte's 

comments concerning the quality of the 
KSDT "Party Package" 'at the Summer 
Bridge Extension Dance, I and many of 
my friends who attended the dance, 
enjoyed ourselves very much. In 
reference to the "unprofessional 
performance of the KSDT DJs, I find 
many of the claims to be over 
exaggerated. In hiring a music package 
of any son, one cannot insure that a DJ 
will not encounter problems which 
invariably occur. 

KSDT's DJs are students and are nO( 
professional DJs who work in that field 
for a living. I think they did a fine job 
of keeping the music flowing and 
keeping the dance floor continualy 

packed throughout the night. As far as 
"bumping the turntables twice" and 
-making a mistake on a request," these 
oornpIaims seem to be miniscule 
compared ro the overaU enjoyable mood 
of the night. The song that they played 
twice was of no great concern to the 
people in aucndance as practically aD of 
them IP up ro dance ro it both times as 
it is 'a ~ry popular song. What is the 
di!lCrepartcy against playing danceable 
music. by whate~r artist, if everyone 
getS up and dances to it? 

k seems ro me that if there are more 
than 100 people on the dance floor 
most of the nWlt singing and clapping 
ro the natSic, that is a sure sign of 
people having fun and a sure sign of a 
soccessful dance. Regarding the 
expressed displeasure of observing the 
DJs dancing ro their own music, what's 
wrong with that? Are they nO( there to 

ha~ fun also? There were three DJs 
from KSDT each taking rums behind the 
twntal*s, so when one spins the 
records, why can't the others dance? 
The averal mood of the dance was very 
positive and I congratulalt the 
<XglUlization of Summer Bridge 
Extension on one of the best dances 
that , ha~ aucnded in my year here at 
UCSO. So if Efren Duarte wants to spill 
sour milk on the collaborative efforts of 
SHE, let him. he might not have had a 
good time. but if he were ro objectively 
look at me crowd he would have 
obSClYCd hundreds of people enjoying 
thtmselw:s. 

Julio Upna 

Wanen College Students 
are invited to submit original essays for the 
First AnnUIII Earl Wanen College 

Student Ess8y Contest 

3OYarsLatcr. 
The Social Impact of the Brown VI. 
Board of EduaItion Ruling of the 
Supreme Court Under Earl Wanen 

r--- The Contest is a Pathway to ---., 
FAME 

(Winning essay will be published in the 
EARLY WARREN!) 

FORTUNE 
( 1 st. PIac~: SSO·, 2nd. PIec~: S2S·) 

·Glft Certiftcate at UrMrsIty Bookstore 

Entry forms and guidelines available 
in the Warren Provost's Offtce 

Sponsored by the Warren ProYOst's omc~ 

5/ 
j)~(I;'iS' 
o"J ~rJ 

continued from pugc 1 
Four O(her young men had visited the room 

that evening to score their weekend quarter-
grams of cocaine. Such transactions are common 
occurrences in this room and se~ral others on 
the UC San Diego campus. Although widely 
talked about, on-campus stUdent drug dealers are 
nO( weD known. They keep a low profile to avoid 
getting "busted: or worse, expelled. 

But this student dealer, caD him Mark, is not 
too worried. -It's easier on campus - the RAs 
(resident advisors) wiD caD me if the cops are 
coming. It would be enough time for me ro get 
rid of everything." 

"Everything" includes scales, large amounts of 
cocaine stored in zip-lock bags, boxes of new 
razor blades, grinders, sno-seals - papers that 
the drug is sold in, mirrors and other drug 
paraphel}l3lia. 

To keep his room malts oblivious to his 
business, Mark keeps his supplies in his desk 
and closet, and opera ItS through his own phone, 
"the business line." 

"I think my roommate might have an idea. but 
he isn't sure. He doesn't go through my stuff. I 
lock my desk drawer and unplug my phone 
when he', around: said Mark. 

The profit margin in coc:&ne deaIi~ is large, 
with often a lOO'1b return. I can get prune, ut1CUl 
coke at S70 a gram, and sen it at SllO a gram. If 
I cut it, I can make even more,ft reports Mark. 

Cutting involves blending anO(her substance 
into the drug, either speed, baking soda, or 
sweet-n-Iow. Mannitol, a sugar sub!Kitute, is 
popular, as weU as powdered local anesthetics, 
which are available at chemical warehouses for 
one dollar a gram. 

Mark is aiming to buy a Porsche 944 - an 
S18,OOO investment - by the end of the year, 
after which he plans to quit dealing. 

Mark explained, "This is my last yur. I'm 
starting to deal with some people who make me 
uncomfortable. It's a bad scene. 

"I started dealing to make money. My parerus 
pay for school; I j~st needed the extra cash: 

Business and 
Technical Majors 
Highly responsible positions 
for college seniors and 
graduates (through age 34) in 
financial and logistic support. 
The Navy Supply Corps needs 
highly qualified. dynamic 
individuals to lead and 
manage large inventory and 
financial networks. Salary 
$18.500 to start, $34,000 after 
4 years, Excellent benefits 
package. Need BAIBS, U,S, 
citizenship. Call Naval 
Management Programs, 293-
6746,8 am - 4 pm, Monday 
through Wednesday, 

By SHARON SOGOMIAN 

Raising the subject of drugs on campus makes many people uneasy. 8()(h students and school officials reacted with concern when they heard 
that the Guardian was researching a cover Story on 
narcotics. Weeks before this story was to come out in 
print, rumors were circulating around the police 
~epartment, the AS offices and among students 
themselves. How people found out about the upcoming 
articles is unknown. 

Questions as to how prevalent d~ are at UCSD 
and what percentage of the student population uses 

A typical college student, Mark, an economics 
rnajor, wears the standard uniform: Levis, a 
Members Only jacket and tennis shoes. His smile 
is big and his personality is convincing and 
warm. Most wouldn't guess that he ran an illegal 
business worth thousands of dollars annuany 
from a cubicle on a college campus. 

However, a closer look at Mark reveals large, 
flared nostrils and slightly red eyes - evidence 
of a past drug habit. 

"' got into it for a while," Mark admits. "I'd do 
more than I sold. I didn't break even. Last 
summer lowed SlO,OOO, but I came Qut SlO,OOO 
ahead by Christmas. That's because I stopped 
basing." 

Basing, most often referred ro as free-basing. is 
an expensive, psychologically addictive and 
dangerous method of taking cocaine. The 
substance is introduced to a basic solution ro rid 
impurities, and the rest of the coke, now in its 
purest form, is extracted and smoked. 
Sometimes, the drug is burned with ether, and it 
was this method that literally blew up in 
comedian Richard Pryor's face. Ether is a highly 
flammable substance that will explode if nO( 
handled carefully. 

"Free-basing is the ultirnalt hiJth. AD you want 
to do is take more. It's a waste oT cocaine, and 
very addictive," said BiD, a UCSD stUdent who 
purchases cocaine from Mark and O(her campus 
dealers. 

According to Bill, Mark is successful because 
he sells only to trusted friends. who in rum bring 
in a lot of business. -His friends are like the 
middle-man, and he gives them a good deal: 
people who don't know Mark don't buy directly 
from him." 

Mark's boy-next-door personality also makes 
him tnlStCd. "People leave all kinds of things 
with me for collateral. I've gotten VISA cards and 
gold American Express cards. One guy left his 
box (ponable stereo] with me. I was hoping he 
wouldn't come back - it was really, nice." 

BiD explains that what Mark does is nO( as 
east as it sounds. "You need ro have capital and 
clientele. Mark is lucky to have both." 

~ 
-!~ ilL. 
4(j~-~~C)~ 
Introductory Special 

IIIUII '"" l1li ONly 

12 Haircuts 
__ for students 

with u/«tetllutirstyluls 
regularly s;!2 (women), $19 (men) 

Nails 
Snt/p'/myl Nt/il.,. rt!J(. ii40, IICIII' $.25 
!-'ills. n'/(. ii20, lION' $15 
.1I111/imrt'll. rt'J(. iii. "0'" $5 
Ih/iflln-,;, rt!J.!. $16, NO'" $12 
jlllif'l'/' lI'm", reg. $14, "0'" $12 

8950 Vilhl LII Julill Or, 
.s"ile 1122 

u. J,,'''', y, 92037 
Og.r u,ireJI 3 / 7/ 84 

them are debatable. However, people who are directly 
involved with the sale of illegal narcotics on campus 
know from an insider's viewpoint. A Revene College 
junior who has both used and dealt drugs in the past, 
and who was caught with them last quarter, 
commented on his experiences at UCSD. 

The insider's view 
"There is a misperception among a lot of people that 

those who use drugs are driven by some pathology or 
obsession," he said. "A 10( of people take drugs because 
they enjoy them or because they learn things by taking 
them. I consider most of my drug experiences to be 
valuable, and some to be priceless. I also consider 
them to be unhealthy and disruptive." 

He spoke of the accessibility of various drugs at 
UCSD: "PO( and cocaine are very prevalent. 
Psycheddic mushrooms and legal stimulants (caffeine 
and ephedrine sulfate] are often available. Drugs that 
are rare are downers, quaaludes, PCP and heroin. The 
latter two have nO(hing ro do with UCSD." 

"PO( is easily obtainable on campus," he continued. 
-If you want to buy marijuana you can go into any big 
dorm and ask people where to get it, and chances are 
good that you wiD be able to buy some. There certainly 
are people that will seU it. Cocaine is just as easy to 
get. There are dealers who seD only cocaine because 
it's easily the most profitable drug to sell." 

This farge profit coupled with a large market for the 
drugs are two explanations the student gave for the 
easy aaainabiliry of narcotics on campus. -The reason 

~ and coke are so available is that there is a 
Significant demand for them and because dealers make 
good, easy money," he said. "The average successful 
drug dealer probably makes S2000 per quarter. Some 
make more." 

"Anyone who goes to school and is relatively 
sociable can deal drugs," the student explained. 
• Anyone who knows how to get large amounts will 
probab\v thi nk about it." 

He discussed some of the common fears and 
feelings of those who consider selling narcotics. "You 
might choose not to because you would be afraid of 
getting caught or of dangerous people, or you'd be 
afraid that you'd be unable to sell it and lose money. 
You might feel that it is wrong because you are sening 
people something hannful. However, you might feel 
good about it because you are selling people something 
valuable that they cannot, unfortunately, obtain legally." 

The ex-dealer does nO( feel that the students on this 
c.ampus are greatly involved with drugs. "Most UCSD 
students don't take drugs, at least not often: he said. 
"There are nruble exceptions, but they are nO( the 
norm. Probably about 40% smoke pO( occasionally, 
15% smoke often or use coke, and about 5% do an 
kinds of drugs," he estimated. "I don't think anyone 
thinks that UCSD is a particularly drug-Oriented 
school." 

Gro~fears 
According ro the student, one factor that has 

contributed ro a decrease in the amount of narcotics 
on campus is the growing fear of getting caught. 

please [Um 10 page 8 

.dZ LA,· '-&n'tt 
d.aci.~ ~,,'~ 
~ ~4t4C:tir mati .... 
You need accurat. information in a 
profeuional .. ttinq with 
quaranteed confidentiality. 
You'll find it at ... 

•

• FAMILY PLANNING 
I ASSOCIATES 

MEDICAL GROUP 
• Free preqnancy t •• tinq 
• PreqDaDcy terminations with 

qeneral or localan •• the.ia 
• Birth control 0 Counselinq 
Our 1IIII~1ftd mne.,. ...... ..,....1n pr0-
viding \tie..,... you need 8l an atIDrdabIe price. WI eccept 
Medl-Cal, """'* lneu-. VISA, ~. 

1M DIEIO 
8495 AIvarIcIo Ad. 
(111, 2I7-lm 

.. 

. 



. -. 

5 
(o nculUcd frOJ1l page 7 

~There is a perception among campus 
dealers that Ihe political climate has 
changed this year, that their chance of 
getting caught and being punished bolh 
by the law and the school authorities is 
greater," he said. "Drug dealing has been 
virtually eradicated from Revelle campus, 
where Argo HaD was once known as a 
drug supermarket. The drug traffic now 
is basicaDy at Muir and Third colleges, 
the Mesa apartments and in Del Mar: 
he added. 

The Revelle junior remembers his 
entanglement with narcotics before and 
up 10 his suspension. "Last quarter I was 
dealing a 101 of drugs out of 1rgo HaU, 
and it was common knowledge. I wasn't 
blatant about it; [ was careful thaI 
nothing illegal was ever seen. There was 
no hard evidence on me, though there 
was a tremendous amount of hearsay," 
he recalled. 

"NormaUy, nothing ever happens to a 
dealer, at least nOI al this school. UCSD 
is considered a pretty safe place to deal. 
BUI the dean at Revelle decided that 
there was 100 much of a problem and so 
they basically shut down Argo. They 
suspended me and expelled me from 
the dorms. [ don 't feel that I deserved 
that, but it was the rules. I was lotally 
honest with them. I'm not bitter aboul it, 
though I don't like how they handled 
it," he said . 

The student was amazed at how 
much school officials knew about his 
private matters. "The administration has 
an incredible network of information ," 
he said . "They knew things about my 
personal life that I couldn 't believe they 
knew, I suppose there are RAs who teft 
them anything they notice, and from 
there the information gets to every 
member of the administration ," he 
conjecrured. 

Summing up his opinion on the 
matter, he concluded , "I think it's 
unfortunale that there is so much 
dishonesty, so much confusion, 
surrounding this issue. Drugs become a 
negative experience because of aU the 
bad vibes attached to them." 

The official oudook 
Setgeant Robert Jones of UCSD's 

police department gave his official point 
of view about the drug situation on 
campus. 'Of course there are narcotics 
on this campus: he said. "To what 
degree, [ have no information that 
would teU me that there are any more or 
any less than at any other coUege. [ 
honesdy do not know how big a 
problem there is." 

Jones compared Ihe UCSD drug 
statistics with those of the San Diego 
police force as not being depictive of 
the acrual extent of the matter. "Our 
statistics would be the same as San 
Diego's uniformed patrol division: he 
said. "The uniformed officer is not going 
to make many drug busts for obvious 
reasons; he's in a patrol car and in 
uniform, and the only time he's ever 
going to make a drug bust is if he 
stumbles across the doper by some 
other reasons. For instance, he may 
catch him driving under the influence 
or he may come on the scene of a 
disturbance and the drugs are in the 
house." 

Manpower available to deal with a 
posSible narcotics problem includes "a 
patrol division, uniformed people, 
Detective Isley and myself. We handle 
all followup investigations, and we 
investigate narcotics violations if they 
are reported to us," he stated. "In fact, if 
John Doe is dealing narcotics out of one 
of the dormitories, we'U initiate an 
investigation. We don't overlook it: said 
Jones. 

"We seized some cocaine in one 
instance in the fall quarter," Jones 
alluded. "No one went to jail, so it really 
wasn't a 'bust.' We couldn't pin down 
who had the posseSSion of the cocaine. 
So you can't arrest anybody when you 
can't really prove who owned it." 

He pointed OUt the fact that this 
seizure has shaken some people up. 
"People may have gotten frightened at 
Revelle because the police were over 
there and they seized some narcotics 
and things tightened up for a while. It's 
just liule bits and pieces of information 
planted in the right places 'lind given to 
the right people that solve our problem 

lOll Camino Del Mar, Suite 108, Del Mar / 481 -6739 

Now Offers 
• Complete Skin Care 6;[ MakeUp Techniques 
• Manicures, Pedicures 6;[ Sculptured Nails 

Classes available. 

Hair Design Special 
Women '5 Style $17 

Men's Style $14 
( liN IIllll' on I)' - I lin ) 

The Professional School 
1m J 1 111'1£11 II ... , 'j \',H/,(, 

A Gradu(l(e School of 
ProfeSSional PsydlOlogy 

Helmld CI'Cl'I I lI'ald, Ph.D., P,nidcIII 

The Professlol1al School IS offering pW11al " ho/ar\/lIp~ Jor /lolh Ihe M.A. and Ph.D. 
COUNSEUNG PSYCHOLOGY programs Jar WIllICI QUClI'/cl' Our gmduuln 411uliJy jOi 
licenSing 111 the Stale ofCalifomlCl, bOlh us PSYCHOLOGISTS alld/ (lrus Mumage, FCllllily 
arId Child TliCr<lPlsl~ . 

A dl 'llngUllhcd Jue ully (lj expcnclJ(cd pSYl/IOI()glll~ (ljft'l ( lu~~c~ ll'l'U/1( ally linlgllCd Jm 
worhll1g professional:. ClaSSt':' al(' IJ('Id III IIll' CI't' llIIlg' alld Oil wt'ckcnd, IIlmllgll(/[« 
Culifol'lllCl WId spcnal jonJIClb huve hce" scI up 10 a« llllltliOdalC OUl-o/ - ~laft' Ifudl'llis. 
Rnfnl jacuilY Icc/ures halt' lI1ellle/cd lIlldl rcwglll;:cd (l141h'Il/lll'l HI Cnl/gl' Badl , AI/lcli 
£111" Nufhalllcl Brandoll. EIV alld MIIlWlI Pohlt' l llIld :,'d/tl .\IOIt'1I0 . 
Forjurthl'llll!onlWfWII ((i ll or wntl' 10. ThcPro!essiollalSchool, 2-12'; llll [)ll'goAI't' , -all 
Dleg(l, Ca. 921 10, (619) 296-+172. (Leallllllg (t ' II/('II IO«IIt'd dill/llgh,'ul (a/,',)) 11/(/ ). 

for us - at least for a while , until 
somethil!S else hap~ns." 
Task torce Iac!dng 

The lack of a task force specifically 
suited to barue the drug problem is nOt 
the only obstacle facing the police 
department. The slim chances of 
uncovering enough drugs to make a 
noticeable difference also bothers 
Setgeant Jones. "If we had an active 
narcotics unit here working undercover 
buying dope, if our efforts were 
representative of aD the efforts of all the 
other drug agencies, we'd only be 
dealing with 10% tops. [t is just very 
difficult to launch an investigation into 
those types of things and really have a 
significant impact: he explained. 

Davis 
(OnIIllUCa from page J 
enemy so Ihey could not recognize their 
own oppression. They were taught to 
hale. 

"Racism is still very much alive, 
Ronald Reagan was determined to get 
'that Black communist' out of the 
Universiry system. 1 would like to point 
out that after he fired me as an ex-
officio member of the Board of Regents 
responsible for my dismissal at UClA, 
he was also responsible for the fact that 
I was charged with three capital crimes: 
murder, kidnapping and conspiracy. 
Had it been up to Ronald Reagan, and 
the forces behind him, I would have 
gone directly 10 California's gas 
chamber. Bul you see I'm here , 

"Alter I got out of jail, alter I was 
acquitted, and I was invited by the 
Department of Philosophy of UClA to 
teach, Reagan once more pUblicaDy 
announced that I would never teach in 
the public educational system in the 
Slate of CalilOrnia. I am teaching right 
now at San Francisco State University. 
Ronald Reagan does not have to have 
his way." As Davis made her points 
clearer towards Reagan, the hecklers 
ceased to demonstrate any objections to 
what was being said . 

In addition to the lecture, Davis 
fielded questions from the audience. 
When asked why we should continue in 
a struggle when activists from the '60s, 
who are supposed to be our shining 
examples, have faded away. Davis 

SENIOR NURSE 
STUDENTS 

Adventure,., Challenge", 
Professionalism! 

An exciting job with 
opportunities for world-wide 
travel, career development, 
professional growth, excellent 
benefits. BSN graduates or 
senior students are eligible. Jf 
you're going to be someone, 
special...Be a Navy Nurse! For 
more information call 293· 
6746,8 am· 4 pm, Monday -
Wednesday. 

he Mission Bay Aquatic Center 
Presents: 

Salling 
Waterskiing 
Volleyball 

Music 

Sunday, March 4 
12:00 - 5:00 

At Mission Bay Aquatic Ctr. 

Since the department does not, in 
fact, have a narcotics unit, the police 
must utilize their manpower for many 
various tasks. UCSD Police Chief John 
Anderson said, "We can barely respon 
with the manpower we have and the 
allocated resources. We can barely hoi 
our head up above water for things lik 
TGIFs, car accidents, and people 
drowing at Scripps. We're not in the 
position to be looking through people's 
windows to find out if they're snorting 
coke, and we won't be as long as I'm 
around." 

Jones concluded, "At an institution 0 
higher Ieaming, the idea is not to put 
our students in jail; the idea is to make 
them productive, inreDigent citizens." 

replied, "Despite the facl that those wh 
were involved in the '60s are no longer 
actively involved, there has been a 
continuity. It may not be recognized 
because there has not been the intensi 
of press coverage given to movements 
like there was in the '60s. We must 
remember there are people who were 
not only active in the late '60s, they 
were active in the '405, '30s and '20s. It 
is very important for the lessons of 
those struggles to be transmitted from 
one generation to the next. Many of 
those who were active can be 
reactivared, Most of the time it is not 
the individual motivation that is 
importam. it is the actual organizing of 
a mass movement." 

About her involvement with Third 
College, Davis said, "The Regents of the 
University of California have not named 
one of the colleges at UCSD because 
they fear the legacy of Lumumba-Zapata 
College could become infectious. 
Lumumba-Zapata was to be an 
institution committed to the education 
of Black, Chicano and working class 
white students. These were and are very . 
difficult times for working people in 
general, especially poor women of aU 
colors." 

Davis called for a joining of hands to 
conclude her lecrure, but the times have 
changed , and the audience failed to 
respond to her request. 

• VAl 
10 IOfIl 
11 \SAI 
12 P<"AI 
13 ' AI 
,. "'1 I 
1S 'A"'I"" , 

I GRE PSYCH 
I' CRI 810 
11 ACH IIV!M!NI S 
12 NURSINl> HO, 
13 ,' PA 
14 SPEW RF AO'~" 

1~ 151 R[V'! ..... 

5 :'.AI 
6 "'AI 
7 "( AI 
8 fIC,AT 8 rw N<. 15 'NTRO TO 

LAW S(.HO(H 

~~. 
MIlIAN 
EDUCATIONAl CfNT!tI 

( I 11.1. ' I ~ .... " w •.•.• ,·, .. ,. 

San Diego Center 
2180 Gamet Ave .. Suite 20 
Pacific Beach 92109 
(619) 27Q.6110 
M.L McNulty. Administrator 

The long road to Kansas City 
By MIKE GREENBERG 

L ocated in La Mirada, Biola University doesn't exacdy offer a panoramic view or a walk along the beach underneath 
. a majestic sunset. It is a small (pop. 3.200), fairly 

attractive (old wooden buildings), private Christian school that 
caters to the academic-minded student. Yet Biola is almost as 
well known in Southern California as UCSD, something Ihal is 
ha.rd to believe at first, but .not after ~isiting the school. Although 
It IS certainly not on par with UCSD s standard of exceUence in 
curriculum or academics, Biola receives recognition because of 
one man, head basketball coach Howard Lyons. Enrering his 

~3th year, Lyons has transferred the Eagles from perperuallosers 
Into an NAJA powerhouse, making the District 1II Semi-finals 12 
times .and visiting the National championships on five different 
OCcaSIons. Attendence averaged around 200 before Lyons' arrival 
and 1500 since then. A capacity crowd of 1650 (half the school's 
P?pulation) will congregate on Saturday night as third-seeded 
BIOla hosts UCSD (seeded sixth) in an NAJA playoff game, and if 
pre-game enthusiasm is any indication of how the Eagles wiD 
fare, then the Tritons' season wiD end as it did last year, with a 
loss in the first round. 

Lyon's finest moment came two years ago, when Biola, ranked 
numbr one aU season long in both polls, breezed to the 
championship game with an unblemished record. The Eagles 
went home 39-1 , after a ten-point loss to Wesrern Montana State. 
Yet that season was a disappointment to Lyons, because he 
thought, and still does, that his team was the best in the country. 
·We were number one aD season and dominated our 
opponents: said lyons yesterday. "We had no diffiCulty in our 
league, and the playoffs in Kansas City were tough at first, bl,ll 
we blew our opponents out. It was very frustrating to lose that 
lide game, especiaDy after having a five-pOint lead at halftime." 

W~t is intr:lguing is that lyo~ does not appear cocky or the 
least bIt conceited even though hIS statements indicate 
otherwise. He is respected by his peers as the best coach In the 

picas.: lurn to page II 

\\\" , . , . 

'. ' , 1/ , 
-'- / / 

- -

. - --

~ ............................. ",. " ..... , ... . 
---_._----............ ..,. 



10 March I, 1984 
"'POR rs 

Expectations give way 
to youth and injuries 
By IAN lANGDON 

The women's basketball team ended 
its season on a low note, dropping the 
fmal three games to end up with an 11-
13 record. 

Last year the team finished with a 
sparklmg 17 wins against JUSt nine 
losses and barely missed makmg the 
Division III playoffs. 

Of course, the fi nger can be pointed 
in many dire(tions as to why the team 
fell on hard times. The simple answer is 
that the Tritons played against mlXh 
tougher competition. Earlier in the year, 
coach Judy Malone stated, "After that 
good season ('82-'83), I was not as 
hesitant to schedule us against stiffer 
Divison I &: II competition: 

But the plan backfired when several 
of Malone's key players were either 
injured or ineligible for part of the 
season. Grace Bearls injured her knee, 
as did Jennifer Gregory, and Shelly 
McKeone missed half of the season due 
to academics. 

That left the Tritons without some 
good starters and, subsequently, very 
thin on the bench ... and it showed. 

The Tritons were a very deliberate 
team which had to rely on crisp passes 
and a structured offense simply because 
they were usually one step behind their 
opponents. Team speed was certainly 
not one of the team's assets. 

Point guard Kim Allen did have good 
quickness. but she ce rtainly could not 
bring the ball up by herself throughout 

the game. 
Sue Semrau, the shooting guard, was 

often wild with her passes, but will 
improve with experience. Her outside 
shootlng was dearly needed all )'ear long 
as she proved she could hit the shots 
and open up the middle. 

Julie Krause, the small forward, 
enjoyed a very good season that saw her 
finish second on the team in scoring ar 
16.3 ppg. Said Malone. "julie gets a lot 
of weak side rebounds on offense that 
she converts. She seems to be in the 
right place at the right time." 

Shelley McKeone joined the team 
halfway through the season. and it was 
evident that she was not at full strength. 
The more she played. the better she got. a~ 
evident in the UC Riverside game. in 
which she got 22 points - including the 
winning basket. She showed she can really 
play. and a full season could bring OUt the 
best in her. 

Teik Francis a~o had an excellent 
season at center for the Tritons. 
averaging 18.6 ppg. When Francis 
scored 31 points. grabbed 9 rebounds. 
and blocked five shots in an early 
season game, words like "explosive." 
"greatness: and "AlI·American" surfaced. 
Teik had many excellent games. but she 
also had some mediocre and poor ones. 
After the above performance Malone was 
prompted into saying, "It may be 
difficult to keep Teik here since other 
schools may offer her a scholarship." 

SANvo555 
Introducing the Sa,¥> 555 Microcomputer - the most affordable 

personal computer on the market today. No longer do you have to 
spend a yea(s savings to get the power you need; at last a real 
computer with a /ow price is available for the asking. 

The Sal¥' starts out with 128K of RAM - plenty of memory for those 
large spreadsheets or long papers. It uses a l6-bit 8088 microprocessor. 
And. like the IBM. irs MS-DOS compatible. That means you don't have 
to vvorry about software. In fact the Sanyo system includes a complete 
$1500 software system free of charge, to get you started out right. 

To top it all off. the Sanyo includes fantastic &color high-resolution 
graphics (640 x 200), a printer port. two SW' disk drives, and /ots of 
built-in extras. A lot like the IBM - at less than a third of the cost Take a 
look at the Sanyo today; }<>u can't afford not to. 

r-----Just Look At These Fe.maresl-------, 
• 128K IExpandible to 2S6KJ • RGB Color Monitor Port 
• Centronla Printer Port • Joystick Port 
• Dual SW' Drfves • 80 Column Display 
• 640 J( 200 HI-Res Graphla • '6 Bit 8088 Processor 
• Software Included: MS-DOS, Wordstar, Spellstar, Infostar, 

Mallmerge, Calcstar, and Sa~ BASIC. 

Ust Price: 51399 
GRAND OPENING SPECIAL: S1180 Save S2191 
*Grand Opening prices valid through March 15, 1984. 

UlllVEliallY IIDIlIiSDRE 
- COMPUTER CENTER 

452-4291 

-

Francis played with a lot of intensity. 
and is unique because of her mobility. 
She a~o has rwo years left here at UCSD 
that could bring the team a lot of 
notoriety. 

An 11-13 record is nothing to get 
excited about, but there are. of course. 
advantages in playing against good 
competition. Kim Allen is the lone 
senior on the team. so a strong nucleus 
will be rerurning. But in losing Allen. 
Malone must be on the outlook for some 
quick. determined guards and some 
players that can fill in on the bench. 

A starting front line of Francis. Krause 
and McKeone is excellent. and Sue 
Semrau's shooting is an important 
ingredient. But it is hard to impress 
upon people how vital the point guard 
is. Hopefully. UCSD can find a good 
one. 

On evaluating this year's performance. 
Malone said. "We were really up for 
some games and totally dead on others. 
I think that was a function of our 
youth." The Tritons were a very young 
team. as Malone noted that "only two 
players [Allen and Semrau] had played 
more than two years of college bal. 

As this team gains experience. we can 
look forward to the 1984-85 year. and 
with the inclusion of some guards. it 
might jUst be a banner year. 

photo monlagl:: 
Rich PecjaJI 

and John Asllke 

Besides scoring al a record paa. anur Tei" Francis came down wilh nine rebounds per game. 

The prophet Habakkuk cries out In a 
world like our own, ftHeel wttn VIo-
lence and greed. Is there no Justice? 
Is God good? More than two dozen 
proJectors, fully automated. An original 
score. A multi-Image look at the 
meaning of history, faith and security. 

-****-

MARCH 1- 3 
REVI!Lt. CAFETERIA 

Thurs., Fri., & Sat. at 8:30 pm 
Sat. s.cond showing. 10:15 

Ticket. on ..... t ueo bOIl office 

STUDENTS: $ 3 
GENERAL ADM.: $ 4 

JWfHrYONINUNOItO NOOUCIK)NS )ll LCIft9OOI" MoOttan WI U10l 601 H' 0).' 
C '.10 D'f' In* 'lOtiif\' CfWlIftOn '..-o-~ of ",-1.1"".0 Stat •• of ."'-'tCO 

{ 

Tritons mess with the best 
By CHRISTINA KAUS 

This upcoming Sarurday. March 3. the Triton men's tennis team wiD face the number 
one nationally-ranked team in Division 01. Redlands University. Although the Tritons 
are currently undefeated in Division UI match play. this wiD be the first time this 
season they meet Redlands. and the outcome should determine whether or not UCSD 
will be able to achieve its goal of a number one national ranking. 

In the last five years. the Tritons have only been able to defeat Redlands once. This 
was last year. when the Tritons had the advantage of the home court. In pre·season 
rankings this year. Redlands was number one while UCSD was ranked fourth . 

According to coach Steve Molt. Redlands is a very solid !eam. WIth good depth and 
a good coach. Redlands. however. does not have a player in any of the six positions 
ranked as highly as Triton number one player Eugene jones. who is enjoying the 
number one ranking in the nation. "I think we are going to beat them this time," said 
a fired up MOlt. "And you can quote me on that!" 

The Tritons and the BuUdogs will meet one more time after this Sarurday. bUl then . 
Redlands will have the advantage of the home court. Again. however. coach Mot! IS 
confident of Victory. "By then we will have Lance Lareau back in the lineup and we 
wiU be much stronger." Lareau. an AD·American from last year. is currently ineligible for 
match play. 

The match will begin this Sarurday at 9 am at the Muir courts and students are 
encouraged to come out and support the Tritons. As Mott points out, "This is a very 
big match. and support would reaRy help the team's confidence." . 

The road to Kansas City 
(ontinu~d from page 9 
district. and received the prestigiOUS 
NAlA Coach of the Year awald in 1982. 
His teams are known for their 
pressuring defenses, and this year's club 
is no exception. as Biola led the 
conference in fewest points allowed. 
yielding a little over 51 a game. -We try 
to make things happen on defense and 
when we are in our match-up zone. we 
use our guards to harass the 
ballhandlers." says lyons. ~Consequent\y. 
we create a lot of rurnovers and a lot of 
poor percentage shots from our 
opponents. That is why we are number 
one (defensively) in the conference. 

UCSD and Biola have faced each 
other one time before in the playoffs. It 
was during the Eagles triumphant year 
(1982) and then-head coach John Block 
knew that his team had little chance of 
an upset. So, along with current head 
coach Tom MlUShal's consent. the 
Tritons went into a delayed offense. a fa 
North Carolina, for the entire game. At 
halftime. Biola led by a 4-2 score. and the 
capacity crowd was getting angrier and 
angrier as the proceedings continned. "It 
was funny after awhile. All we did was 
put Tommy Wight and Bobby Goodman 
near our sidelines about six feet from 
one another. They just played catch all 
game long: said MarshaD with a grin on 
his face. "The crowd was so furious that 
rwo guys came down right near our 
bench. stood where Bobby and Tommy 
were. and threw a shoe back and forth 
while Bobby and Tommy were doing the 
same thing with the baD. They were 
obviously tryin& to disrupt us, and I 
thought it was pretty clever. A couple of 
times. the rwo Biola fans wou\d drop the 
shoe and the crowd woukl ooh and 
ahhh. One time. Goodman started 
watching the shoe and lost the ball out 
of bounds. The crowd went wild and 
john was livid." 

Despite these tactics, UCSD still lost 
20-12 and when the two te;\ms met the 
follOwi ng year at Biola. the Eagles took 
revenge with an IB-point victory. This 
year. it looked like the Tritons would 
finally redeem themselves in the 
Pavilion as they held what looked like 
commanding lead of 24-12 at halftime 
of the league opener. But in the final 20 
minutes. the Eagles' hounding match·up 
zone. led by guard David Jones forced 
UCSD mto committing second half 
turnovers as Biola went on to win 65-57. 

But even then, MlUShaD didn't believe 
that Biola was that good a team. saying 
at the time. 'We lost the game. they 
dIdn't wm it. They didn't impress me 
that much. we just played really badly in 
the second half: of course since 
defeating UCSD. Biola has been the 
surprise of the conference With Its 12- I 
record. its lone loss coming at the 
hands of Westmont (Biola also beat the 
Warriors for their only loss in league. 

but Westmont's overai record gave them 
the Nonhem Division tide). "I have 
been realy surprised by how weD they 
have been playing," said Marshall. 'We 
didn't see the same team that has been 
blowing OUt every team it faces. We will 
have to play our best to win." 

Even though he didn't say it directly. 
when the Triton head coach says ·'play 
our best" he doesn't mean just for one 
half. His team has perfonned that way 
an year. lethargically in the first stanza 
and superbly in the second. As a result. 
UCSD has beaten weak clubs who didn't 
capitalize on their lackluster first half 
effortS, and lost to strong clubs who did. 
After watching his team lose a chane!; at 
the home court advanrage in the 
playoffs by performing poorly 86ainst 
Point Lorna last Friday. especiaDy 10 the 
first twenty minutes. Marshall seemed 
disheartened. It was the first time aU 
season that the rookie skipper did not 
have anything to say. He was 
cooperative. but at a loss for words. 
Upon reflection. Marshall now seems 
able to comment on his ~ams problems. 

"We possess enormous capabilities. 
We have proved that on occasion, but 
obviously not enough," says Marshall. "If 
the !earn can put a game together like 
they did against Point Lorna (an 80-74 
Spirit Night victory on February 3), we 
can beat Biola and Westmont. But every 
time since then we have been flat in the 
first half, and I don't know the reason: 

If UCSD is going to upset a very good 
Biola team that makes the fewest 
mistakes in the league, MarshaB will 
have to find the answer by Saturday 
night Otherwise. anomer promising 
season will end abrupdyfor tM Tritons. 
and beaches and sunsets wiD become 
imponant apin. 
TRITON HOOP-LAH: Biola i5 capable oj 
playing very pltysically undtmtath tltt boards. 
and MarshaU is cognilant oj thdr plus:Jive 
rebounding ratio. "They are big. probablY tltt 
third biggest Uam In tht league (behind 
Weslmont and UCSD. and will cause us 
problems if wt don 'I rebound and crash Ihe 
boards well ...... The Trilon coach also stressed 
Iht necessity oj UCSD extrcislng il offense 
correcl!>'. especially making good passes inside 
10 forwards MI"e Dabasl/lsl!as and Mark 
Barreca and having them lOSS Ihe baU bach out 
JUst as Jast. Bloch ustd Ihis offense continlld'" 
last year, staling Ihat if the ball is passed in alld 
bite" out quic"'y tnough. an outside Jumper 
will always bt a\Uifabie. Of courst. center 
O:lve McGuirt had problems ~i"8 tltat 
offenst worIr, as hc hesitated Just long tIIough 
btJOrt pass/lltlte baU out Jor lite defense to 
reClCI... . for frtshman Greg KamcmsJry 10 
reaive almos! tIIough Wlks to be an all-
leaguer (ht *IS Ollt shy) is outstanding when 
Ont remembtn thaI tlst Triton marilsman 
guard ~camt a starter ~ tlaroUl" tlte 
season .. .. if)Ou want to see Iltt p/tJyo.l1 game 
Saturday night, contacl tit, Intramural 
Atltfttics o.Jliu at 452-4211 for details .... 

r-------- --------------lS\Ot'l I I "f.~S ".foe aClJ"t I I ~ wOIDe.$IS I ,S 
I mea $12 
I Includes shampoo, condition 
I long hair extra cut. & blow dry. 
I Long hair extra. 
I 10% off 10% off I 
I· _with this coupon with this coupon 

I ,. _.. PRECISION HAIRCUTS I 
: ......... for men & women : 

IiU¥,"Dflft I I • I • 737 Pearl, La Jolla I 
I CIIIIIT 456-1170,~1815 I 
I.. With this coupon only. Offer expires 3-15-84. .. 

---------------------------------

Sound, music and Ideas 
for a positive future. 

~as & words I:!( 
.......... 

HublNlrd 
canddate tor Vice 
President of the u.s., 
and Inspirational pro-

~leaderand 
run.ist tor two decades. 

MJsic by 
SlIwn 
....pern 
a nationally-
acclaimed COfllXISer, 

prow~ & performer 
of progressive rrusic 
and ackl10Wledged grand 
plro. 

Frldlly, March 2 
7.30 pm 

c.ilfoml. 1heaIer 
4th A~ & C Street 
nZR •• rw_s.-

Trck~ availab~ at 
The Center & Trcketron Outlets 

or charge by phone by 
calling 231-3554. 

... S11JDENT DISCOUNT 
AVAILABLa AT 'THE DOOR 

(starting at 6:30 pm 
with student I.D.' 

Produced by San Diego Positive 
Future Center, 312 South Cedros, 

Solana Beach 92075 
48'-9500 

TEAM OF THE WEEK 

SWAMP 
Men'. A Basketball 

"Hac:k" T ........... s.a--. Mike 
Roy". AU_ P.U •• i.... Statietid.. 
.,.".. AI .... eo.c .. To. Jo ... (wit .. 
.... ), s.-tor Scott ............ . 

In a 1IdRl8 I hat olarled oul ugly and ended up uglier. Swamp (5.0) emUarrasoed elewless Crew by •• core ol ... _lIif>e 
lear" really ISn'l importanl. Aclually. ,I·, hard 10 say JUsl wlwl WiJI more embarrassing. Swamp', humiliallOn oIlhe 
Crew, or the Swamp coaches' lOla! dioIregard lor personal pnde and dtgnily. Adams' and Jones. relentIeM ripping 01 
relet_. ollPCllinsl~. and even thllir own piaverl _a 011 lima 0IlIpWed; alter .. Cr_ ~ ~-Iy!IDI_ 
wch a hac kina !cui, Jorw. screamed, '.gee., rol. p hom a chalnuw ,.,<1 hm8'" The onoLoughl became 100 much lor 
Crew co.och 0- T allner. w .... loward lhe end 0/ lhe oecond hall. more or leu aoked the reI lor two technicalloula 
anddor..:tiono 10 the exit. But .'. not '-tlhelidolonelhowowr·lhIdowthe rNl circus which took plllceon the coun. 
Thee ..... took an _Iy 4-2 Iud, but co.och rolnor oIecteci not togolnlo lheatall. Coo.quently.Sw.mp took the '-I 
loryoodonuperl.but_c· .... oubldeohool~IromMlkafk¥land ....... lmodaI~l.t!I-upaby.....t.gINnAlian 

~ ... 

TEAM OF THE WEEK -~ 
SPONSORED BY DIE MIl 1,fR _EWING COMPANY 



CIaaIIIed advertIlIng epace II IOId In 100 
charact.r Incr.m.nt •. Each I.tt.r, 
punctuation mark and apace bM\ .. ,n 
wordIli considered a c:haraCtIr, witt capllal 
..... counting as two charactlra.1M rate I. 
$1.00 per 100 chaactlr. tor IIudIntI and 
$3.00 per 100 chcI'actIr. tor non-ttudIntI. 
You nut come bV the oftIce or mall In your 
ad, as we .-quire ~ In acMIncI 01 
publlcaIIon. Deacllna 5 pm TueIdaV for 
Thu~. paper; 5 pm friday for ~. 
paper. For more IntormaIIon, call . 
1M Guardian, UCSD, 1-016, La Jolla, CA 
92093. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 

Summer opportunityl live. travel. study in 
Spain this summer July 1-Aug 11 with small 
grrup intermediate to advanced students. 
Earn 8 units credit learning trom native 
speakers. Weekend excursions plus seven-
day- AndaIucla study truro For last spaces 
contact Monterey Institute c:A International 
StudIes.8cDc 1978. Monterey. CA 93940 (408) 
649-3113 x44. (3/5) 
BIOENGINEERSI Field trip to Am Edwards. Shiley 
and rvAC on Thursday March 8. SIgn up 
outside UH 5229. (3/1) 
Flee waterskiing and sailing. this Sunday at 
the Mission Bay Aquatic Center 12 to 5 pm. 
(3/1) 
OUT OF BOUNDS will play rock-fusion tonight 
at the Che Cafe at 9 pm Jeff Klein. Steve Z. 
and ~rc Sell. (3/1) 
VVould-Oe Warren RAs. .. Apply noN for '84-85. 
For Info call 452-4581. (3/1) 
So you wont to be a Muir HA? Apps are now 
O'v'Oilable. Deadline is 3/2. Call 452-4200 for 
info. (3/1) 
Car repair: tune-ups. brake jobs and most 
other repairs at ioINest prices. Mobile selVice 
O'v'Oliablel L'99-8266. (3/1) 

FOR SALE 

N<PJ CS703D Dolby Cassette Deck Excellent 
Condition 585. Top loading older Akai Dolby 
Cassette Deck 560. Sony Receiver 5100 . .Apollo 
Speakers $SO pro Make offer on any. Call Dave 
457-1432. (3/5) 
Chevy Nova to the rescue. Generic. reliable. 
Runs fine. Teocher selUng bargain. 1977 
model. 454-2813. (3/1) 
For sale: 74 Mustang. 4 speed. stereo. runs well. 
51500. David 453-4627 (3/8) 
Guitar & Amp - 1964 Gibson SG 5300 
koustic 165 w/ hardwood cabinet Iists51350 
sell S450 John 488-5669. (3/1) 
Nakamishi 480 tape deck paid 5520 asking 
$320 abo. Pioneer receiver paid 5185 asking 
$95 abo. Speakers call for details paid 5320 
asking 5185. Call Brian 755-3721 . (3/1) 

71 VW BUG. Runs wei I. looks good. New carbo 
good tires. red fX?int 51800 or best. Call 210-
:2921 anytime. (3/1) 
Futons. 100% cotton vety comfortable. use as 
bed and couch. Student discount. Golden 
Moon Futon 274-4574. (3-1) 
1978 Honda CVCC Factory rebuilt engine. 
Runs QI8Of. MovIng to Ellope. $1750 27(} 
9555. (3/1) 
1969 \/IN Poptop Camper. Good condition 
inside and rut. Rebuilt engine. $1550. 27(} 
9555 eves. (3/ 1 ) 

WANTED 

Secretarial AssIstant to work in Doctor'sOffk::e. 
7 days a wit Raclble hours. Port-time. 454-
0973. (3/1) 
.Advanced music student ftutist to practice 
wtth during the week . .Adam. MornIngs ~ 
7129. Nights 27~3403. (3/1) 
RECEPTIONIST - On C<Jn1)US office. Fort-time 
atternoon hours. Call 452-2521 or act. 2521 
(am only). (3/1) 
OJERSEAS J()85 ... Summer. yr. rrund. E~. S. 
Amat .• Australia. AsIa. All fields. S9OO-ml me. 
Sightseeing. Ftae Info. Write UC. PO 8x 52-
CA19 Corona Del Mar. CA 92625. (3/8) 

HOUSING 

Huge Mst!Sdrm in W. pooj jacuz tennis S4OO; 
couple/slngle beautfull Call JeIf/Judf, 457-
5194 7pm on. (3/1) 
Fern for 3bed/2ba house in Clairemont. ONn 
rm. PooI/joc. $198/mo. 1st. last plus 5108 dep 
by 3/1 . 292-8403. (3/1) 
Pac Bch -F- share 2br hse. close to bch. no 
smoke. fncd yd. deck. micro. 5300 plus l-7util 
plus dep. AI.QII3/16 27(}7582 (3/1) 
Female roommate(s) wonted to share mstr 
bdrm; $225/ me plus 1/ 3 u or 2 to share or own 
room. 5365/me plus 1/3 u. Woodlands North. 
Call 457-.D82 eves. (3/1) 
Roommate wanted: Your ~n private room In 
nice 3 bedroom condo w/pooj near UTC (10 
min by bike). tv1a1e or femaie (we're not picky) 
needed />SAP by end cI March. $260 ' 1/3 uti!. 
Call Neal or Bill. 457-5482. (3/5) 
Roommate wanted: Senior or Grad student 
for a room in a U.c. condo. 10 min by bike to 
comp.Js. Call Andy 457-3904. (3/8) 
Uving space avbl. in Muir Apt. forfem. full-time 
Muir stu. Top ftoor. ocean view. Call 455-9958. 
(3/1) 
Roommate( s) needed to fill large master 
bedroom in luxurious condo 1 miletrom UCSD 
beginning early March or mid-March - pool. 
jacuzzi. sauna. laundry. 225 if sharing. 452-
7662. (3/5) 

// /// /////////// ////// /////////////// 
////////// ' //////////////////// //// // 
/////////// ///////// ////// 

~//~/ /////'/////// Sealors 
Notice .to Waren 

sentors lnterested in 
All graduating w~ commencement 

auditioning to be -:lrer map attend the 
ceremony student ~~ lbursdaY March 

PubBc speaklng WorkshO::~ Cafe (mcia. 711 
lat. 6-8:30 pm in th~ Include all 1983-84 pds 

:: w.e.>. Seniors =r 85 pds. For adc:lltlOfIIII ~~ and Fall 1 tlon see the SENIOR ~~ .~ .!:a: late AprIl or call the ~~ I.ETrER ActtfttleS OlBce at 452-6171. 

SERVICES 
WORD PROCESSING: Speedv I8rVIce. PIckup 
8r. delivery on CCJrTl)UI. Call fV'td.I at 279-«)56. 
(3/15) 
When It has to be PERFeCT call PERFEC1YPE 
273-6148 (315) 
lI'mANTEO HAIR REMCMD PER~V 
near CQrTl)US. La Jolla Plt*eulOi'lCll Center. 
8950 Villa La Jolla Dr. Suite 116O-C Call for 
c:q)t 457..m9. (6/7) 
Term papers - theIeI - ciaatatIonI. Low 
rates. fast ser.Ace. ~Type. 454-6860.1.o Jolla. 
(6/7) 
Tvp!ngl Wad FrOC8llingl Ruth jObIl Term 
papers. thes... resumes. transcription. 
Jennlfer @ 274-5005. (6/7) 
Typing: 24-hcu, quality ....,Its for $1.25Ipg. 
CoIl ~ to anange pId(up CRJ deItIIay. 

~9067. (318) 
T'tPIng - Term papers - theIeI - .....,... P8 
area. Carole. 483-9109 da'/II~ (3/1) 
lVPING - $1 per page dIIcount Knko's 
CopIeI La Jolla VIllage Squcn. 232~797. 
(3/15) 
~ord processing, call.tt. 

Quaflty work at ...anabIe 
rates. La Jolla. ~ 459-5818. (3115) 
Exceptional typing. aIIldnds. Super IBMIII. FaIt, 
precise, spelling. ~ min. awav. Marlann ~ 
1138. (3/15) 
lVPING: IBM RUSH J()85 term papers theIeI 
cissertotlons editing 453-0656 (8Y8 )452-5188. 
(6/7) 
lVPING/'M.>RD PROC. - 1heIefI0ialPapers 
- Elcper. all format - Reasonable Rates -
No. County 726-Xl87. (3/1S) 
MJnUlCl'lpts. theIeI. dIssertatIonI. I8IUmaI 
typed. ExperIenced. $1 page OS Betty 75> 
4779. (S/2A) 

HI~ QUality. fast 8r. CJCClIOte typing with IBM III 
at special rate for students. Same day service. 
16 yrs. expo Call Fery 452-1393 anytime. (3/8) 
Prepare to earn extra money In part-time 
word processing jobs. CouI'S8'MJf8 ~er 
Instttute can train you In hours - not months. 
Convenient evening classes. MaaterCald and 
Visa accepted. Can 565-1552 todaV. (3/15) 
Ptof8sIional typing as low as 50 cents a page. 
Call John. 298-2"138. 2621 lJnIo.i8Is/ty Ave. 
(North Por1<). (3/1) 

LOST Be FOUND 

Lost: in USB on 2/14: Maroon Backpock w/2 
dolphins embroidE:red on it. Very important 
contents I Call Jim at 453-8897. (3/5) 
Found: Female's necklace in locker room. 
Please claim by writing to PO Box 22817. Son 
Diego. CA 92122 with description and your 
telephone number. (3/5) 

PERSONALS 

c.~:~.~,~~ 
tor IOmIOn8 ftne In a by ~ 1 
MIchaaI WOI booked - settle for a Ceiloa? 
You',. tenlftcl 1..oYe. Moret, ~, Val. carta. 
(3/1) 
Kerry T - Detta SIgma Phi hal a bMl/wne 
party this Satudav. See VClU n.. w/ V04JI 
datel 8IUto1. (3/1) 
Come play with the pI<:Jybov nart WIlle at the 
UCSD Theatre. (3/ 1 ) 
Tom Bonk.ldon·t mean to If ...... but I don't 
like IecMng my debts lM'PCId. can I stili tac. 
my I\.m a did I forfett by nat ding, the dice 
lOOn enough? the ~ one. (3/1) 
GOOD WCK INa fri. to .... l* looking QUi 
from I-Ic:IVbk en the Be Mom VCAII Cft* mfn. 
rtval (311) . 
1hank you who ..,. you a. for spotting 
BandIt ~ night. Mav '(QJI dcJiI be tilled 
with as rru:h happinIe as you hOoI8 gII.W\ 
back to me. Jeff (3/1) 
~ed: 0eaIaII wtth the ~acoord we .... 
oometOQJI ..... We do need the IIfIIICIle 
pas need ph II (3/1) 
IrIIh brogue and ~ IOgU8 at UCSD 
1heatre In Mach. (3/1) 
F.- ... v.otMIdIng CRJ ~ Thll Sundav 
at the ~ 1'0\' AQuatIc Cenfa' 12 to 5 pm. 
(3/1) 
JennIfw TheIa - you',. a gNKJt neE little 1iINr. 
s.e VQJ at the RC BalL l£Ne'(QJI bQCrO. (3/1) 
FoIl In Ia.Ie with ~ at UCSO's 
Mandell Wells Center. (3/1) 
To the gItII cI SIgma Kappa. You eN the t:.It 
listers a girl could heM. Belt cJ luck wtth 
e/ectIonI. Mav the bait Tunc:hlad win. Sigma 
luck to all cJ 'f'CU. (3/1) 
lhe lJCS) SoarIng Club doeI not c:IIc::ftmIncR 
on the bolls cI hair color, paaItIon a noll. 
toenail thIcIcneIS. or size cI acternoI genltolla. 
Ftee Instruction to 011. Call Alan. 556-7405 for 

~In~. (3/1) 
~egna'lt? ChooIe alternatives to aboItIoIl. 
Son DIego PrcH.Ife League HotlIne: 583-5433. 
941-1515. (3I5) 
KIst the bIaneV and the pIo,t)ov at the l.CSD 
Theatr81n March. (3/1) 

TRAVEL 

Council tIa-..!/CIEE prcMdes i lfalliation on 
student chortars. raI~ Inri student Ids. 
hostel cards. tOllS for ages 18-36. work and 
studt' proglCmt. and much mere. Stop by the 
Student Center or 001452-0630. (6/7) 
Utah Ski Trip (Brianheocl) Match 23-26 (UCSO 
SprIng 8Ieci<) $134 includes transportation. 
complimentary bar and accomocIatlon In 
condos. For reservationI contact Kaye 268-
8843x370. 151. discount for students. (3/15) 

I 3~ off 
-y p.rc ..... of 'I.N or more I 

• We _0 laollOr _II 
Vos.rt Parlor co_po ... 

... per 
cMt ... r 

I NOUI o".,.J 
1774 G.met A" •. 

RECYCLE 
THE 

GUARDIAN 

P.cIfIc ..... 



"", ."-"'" : ... .., .. "' -

i Nt Arts Magazine Serving the UCSD Community 

Vol. 5, No.8 Pmr. 1 , 1984; 

friedrich Qerlllch 

So lYaive! 
By RACHEL WIESE" 

If what you want Is a temporary return to the world of a 
child, then the rtafve Painting exhibit, at Mandeville Art 
Gallery through March 4, should provide you with a 
pleasurable afternoon of escape and Innocence. 

rtalve painting originated In ParIs In 1928 with the 
uhJbItion of various works by Douanler Henri Rousseau, 
unusual ftower pieces by Seraphine louis and ParIsian 
palaces and squares by louis Vlvln. Also exhibited were 
Bauchant's works of nature scenes and historical su~ects 
and paintings by Bombols of amusement parks and fairs. 
rtow, almost 60 )UI'S later, the naive painters, once 
referred to as "painters of the simple heart," are still 
exhibited and appreciated. 

The exhibit presently at Mandeville Art Gallery consists 
of 89 pl£ces of art work by II artists from the German 
federal Republic. These works, as wa-e the originals, are of 
a primitive nature. As In the art of the Middle Ages, these 
works do not use the technlquesofperspectfve, lighting or 

please tum tD page l 

-'. 



The Magazine 
of the '805 

fdltor 
ANDRtw KlfLfR 

A5sodMe Arts fdltor 
JOHI'I/'Iff 

Writers 

, 

MIKf AHI'I , JAI'I IIRfS -
1AUr:R. CHRISTOPHER CAl'IOLf, 
JOAI'I roRSBr:RG. ROM HU. PI.s. 
HUrtT (Ganknlng). PAUL PI. 
JOI'IES, ClYDr:rtf I'IU 

Hiilus is published every 
Thur~IY or 11K xhool ~If u ~ 
supplemut to thc UCSD 
GUAIIlM/'I. RcprodllCtlon Cl .. 
without wrilltn ptrmission Of any 
portion of this IIIIgIZIM is a !I&-
no. We welcolllc unsolicited 
lelten. llllnuscripts and 1ftwortI. 
but aSSUlnt no responsibility fOf 
the rdurn of such. Send 
Infonnation to: 

mAWS 
~16. yJo11a 

Ca. 92091 

""11 th~1 , the facl . J«kl 

Contents 
Cover: The world of Naive 
art comes to the Mandeville 
Art Gallery with works from 
Internationally acclaimed 
artists. The show will be 
running through this Sunday 
only. 

Grad dnuaa .. , , ....... page l 
The graduating students In the 

Drama Dept have two productions 
in the making: Venice Preserved 
and The Pt..gbog Of The Western 
World 

Gnmmys . . . . , ..... . . , page 4 
Michael Jackson swept the 

Qrarnmy Awards this year and 
I1l8tus was standing by to get full 
details 

1'I:~'~'~p~'rit:a~ 
to prove that they aren't just 
another ska band from 8rtt:a.ln 
Tbe Alana ............. ,.. 6 

The Alarm gains further 
popularity with their new album 
DecI8,.tion as welJ as embarking 
on a US tour with the Pretenders 

Bob'. Book Report ,.. 6 
Go .... _ .,.7 

strawbenies forever 

The em/Mlt JMna IWph I'Ipp will hold. fa thu frItMg 
.t 2 pm on the ,..", bttI.Deen U,. """ MId the Ifllln Ggm.lt 
Is rumoml tlut o/1fcYU In the lIdminLstrltion 0{ UCSD a 
well a numerolLS heIJtD of ~ will be ~nL 

UCSD grads 
give fareweD 
production 

., JOM I'OMIlEIlG 
ManorIIbIg dtaIog. bIoddng 

1Ctton, CGIIItIucting adI IIId 
poIftlontng lights lit not the 
u..1 thaD prqJectI 01 UC!D 
grlduate students. The 
members of tbe 1984 
graduating cluI 01 UCSO's 
ProtaItOlllJ Thaw Tnll"ng 
Program fmn the a:eptlon. 

These graduate student 
performers, directors and 
dalgnas - .... :\. tbeIr 
..... 1 produc:t1c8 bdn wing 
tbe UalJelllt, ~o seek 
em..,.. ... pro'urfOllll 
UIaIa. 'I1IeJ wiD .... two 
pia,. foe.... .. tile etanal 
.... IJr t.dIYIcI... 1dtutI&, 
and 0lIl" place ... 1OdetJ, 
Tboma, Otwa,·. r.nlc. 
1ruervetI_ Joba ........ 
sr.'s IJIe "."". of the 
", .] n IMdI, la .. " 
lItaJdl 8-17 at tile UCSD 'IIIeMr:r 
011 WIlDa "MIpuI. 

• • • 

IIIUecI u one 01 tile gratat 
fagll ... trIgedIa wdtteu sha 
the time of ShIkeIpeare, 

n.. Otwa,., IataIItioa 
&rated, V.nlce ",..",.d 
portnp an ladlyld.al', 
Itn4IIk ID ........ duty and 

'~ nile faced ... 
~ • MlllDblalti ID = IIId to lcM. 1ht once-IIcaIt c:ItJ 01 Yadc:c .... 
decayed lato I corrupt, 
aecretlYe world In wilich 
COIIIpIratarl _ pIottilll to 
OM tIuow tile gcMIIIIIIent IIICI 

Naive Painting 
COIItJ.ued from .... 1 
shacUIlg, andlla rauIt. IR not 
exact ..... tions oIraUty. 
At the SIDle time, It Is the 
prlmltiYlsm, IS wdl as the use 01 
bright colon. that makes the 
works SO appealing. 

The ~t malta of the 
Plintlngs varies amOng the 
dUl'erent artists wItb some 
scenes from biblical tales and 
mythological adverature., 
while other artists' works depict 
leisurely life In the city and In 
the c:ounby. All l'tllve art. 
boweftf, Is CXJBaIIIed wItb the 
depiction 01 the bappIneIs 01 
the put and tbejoyl oIeYe1lday 
life, with apedal coacem for the 
family. Thl. form of art, 
although uaraUstlc:. cannot be 
COIISIckmI ID acape from 
rality: rather, It was done u a 
melDS of ~ ... tIon to "free 
energies both for the cIIIl, work 
Ind for the poIItIcIJ actlYlty." 

One of the artists 01 spec .. 1 
note Is l1u RIftler who, since 
his clays U I cblld, his peIntecI 

watercolor scenes of the 
countryside and of alaS nearby 
his 0IIIl home territory. Some 01 
his works which e uhlblted In 
the muaeum Ire "Man with 
Dog." "Self Portrait with Painter 
In ~Pen" IncI "The Q'OWa 
of DIorns. the PIocIdng and the 
I'IageIlittoa of Qu1st." Perhaps 
one 01 bls most charming and 
appealing works In the 
JlllDdeYlUe Art OIlla)' Is 'The 
LeonarcU Proc:asIOli in BId 
Tob." It Is especially appealing 
because it depicts the ~ut) ti 
the COIIIItrJIIde with the IPaD 
gJUI. the flea and a pmde of 
people wbo appear to be 
apyIng tbanldwa. It Is ... 
WI'J c:heafW, since It ... 
Plitad with ...., brlgbt colen 
that len'! to COIIYe)' the happy 
IIId peac:eftd atDIcIIpbeR wldcb 
surrounded the people of 
Gamlay. 

Another artist of Intaat Is 
Jf»tl WIttlIc:h who, like RIfIIer, 
hal painted since dIlldllood. His pal.... are of I dUl'erent 

sla9ta tile _tors. 1'Ile 
ceabaI cbanIctI:r, .IIIreIr, .. 
Everymln ngUle, Is tom 
betIIeen .... pledge to tile 
coaspIracJ IDd his pa __ te 
cInotIoa to .... wU!, BelYIdaI. 
tile daugbta' 01 I powaful 
.... tor. 

otway baed this plly, 
written In UJ82, on SIInt-Ibl's 
hIstorIcIlncwel u 0NtluIII1I0II 
da ~ Contll L. VenLte 

en 1616, and on the nnnor, In the noal village, IJIJIOUIICa 
which circulated throughout that he his kJUed bls tyrannical 
I'..ngIand Intbe 17th century, ofa father. His aet arouses 
"Popish Plot" by the Roman admJratlon rather than hClTOl' 
CAtholic awrch to dethrone the among the ylllagers. He 
IIrftIsh IIIOIIIKhy. lnunedtakl, becomes a hau. 

DIrector Rob lSuncIy bellewa triumphing In town spuitmg 
that this cbuIa 01 polltkallllCl games and winning the 
aoclal IIIftIt In 17th century d'a:tkJn of the daughter 01 the 
Imope addraIu Issues preaent pub's JIIoprtd.ar. Unupeded 
In the modem rallt1a rA cln:UIIIStaDceI callie the praise 
LebInon and rJ Salvador. for CIu1sty to become rtdk:uJe. 

"This play ellDllna one's The YllIagers tum agmlllt him, 
actions In ~latlon to one's and he mldt race blt fate aJoae. 
words and Intentions," explains The target of Synge's 51" Is 
Bundy. "otway 51)'1 that 1ft all the practice of accepting 
have an Idea of ouneJves and appearanc:a as reality. "1be 
our InterD, but he questions Importance of this play lies In 
whether this Ida would sustain the recognltJon that how others 
ItJdf In action If we were thrust perceive )'011 Is not whit matters 
Into a confused mlUeu Uke the In life: rather, It Is who )'DO 
world 01 Venice ~.. actulily IR that Is aucIaI In 

• • • your growth an b ..... beIIIg." 
In his comlc:al folktale, The uplalns director Lorna 

n.JIbolI 0{ the Hatem World, CmlYeau. ·'S,.'s IIM'sv. Is 
JoliD PlllIngton Synge capbua . that If )'OU do not buy Into the 
the dream., failures and values and I ..... that otba' 
triumphs 01 tile Irtsb peuutry people by to thrust upon JOU. If 
IIYIng 011 the rugged DOI'tJiwat you can remain true to )'OUIIdf, 
cout 01 ftlancI at the tum of you will be 8troag enol. to 
the century. 'I1IJs drama follows ftgllt the grip 01 bJPOCdtes IIId 
the development 01 a shy, develop Into I ualque, 
IIIImft young I11III. controlled complet.ely he IadIYlc ....... 
by I domlneellng father and I • • • 
harsh eDYlronment, IS be 
becomes I stroag, self-
conftcIent IadIYldual. 

One evadng In the local pub, 
0IrIsty Mabon~ a JOUIl9 stringer 

ror further InfornWIoI on 
both productions, call the 
MIndeIl Wd&t Center ncket 
omce. 452-4574. 

as tile horror that It rally ... but 
rather IS a group 01 soldiers 
from many nations alllIIlIkd as 
If they wae on tile same skle. 

~ _tter - one which oftaI shown with the wrong 
.... Uy Is concailed .wI • ., couatry's nag In bind, lila the 
and battle acena. lie cloa. plcbft eatltlecI "BIttle ~," 
howeyer, paint pictures of wlalch shows soIcUas ofvarlous 
contemporary life, state natlons .. YIng .... as the)' go 
receptions, parades and off to battle. Although this 
women's tea parties. !be battle picture shows a battle scene, It 
scenes that WlttIkh depicts e Is still an appealing painting. 
not nece .... rlly blstorlcally clone In bright mIs. gruns IncI 
ICClDte, since the soldiers e ,.ellows: It does not depict war 

Another Interesting natve 
painter Is Henry Dteckmann, 
who, like Raffler and WIttIlch, 
also started to paint as a child, 
He made picture books and sold 
them to proYide for his 
aIst.ence. IUs rawrtte subjects 
to palm were I'IIJal scenes from 
his native counby, IICII'them 
CiennaDy. as well as scenes from 
I'rance. 1be only work elhlblted 
by DIeckmann Is his "I.e BIstro 
de Hales," an 011 painting on a 
wooden paneL ThIs depkb a 
small cafe In wblcb tIM: everyday 
ruml fnbItiIfaDti sean to be 
eqfoytng tbanselYa. What "'50 
c:humhIg about this peJtk:uIar 
work Is that It CORYeYI the 
feeUag that one Is am .. ., In a 
small cafe In Europe (prablbly 
In rrance since tile people 
appear to be wearing baets IIld 
IR waJkIng on ClObbIutone 
streets). 

ThIs elhlblt Is well worth 
attending. G11lery boen are 12 
to 5 pm every da, ucept 

MkMIda~ -

UCSD EvenlS Office presents 

GABRIELI 
STRING QUARTET 

1 9 .8 3 8 4 SEA SON 
Mill1ddl Weiss Center .md UCSD The.nrc 

Love's Labour's Lost directed by Eric Christmas 
- ".1(lIlfijU/ nJlIIl.'dy (~. /(J\'l' (llId /iji: -

Febauary 16 - 19, 23 - 26, 29 - March 3 
TIcJn On ~ Now' 

---WINTER REPERTORY----
Vmice Preserved 

Thmll(ls Olwuy'S RI'Slt!ralum Imgcdy (~ ptlWl:r (lIld Il(ISSI(I/l 
March 8, 10, 1 .. and 16 

The Playboy of the Western World 
An IIls/'irmg Iris/, .l1l/kl"/1' /Iy).M. Synge 
March 9, II, 15 and 17 

Tickets on Sale 20t CaU 452-4574 

MOZART: QUARTET IN D MAJOR. K.i99 
JANACEK: QUARTET NO.2 ("INTIMATE PAGES") 
SCHUBERT: QUARTET IN G Mt\lOR. OPUS 161 

THE GABRIEU is one of England's most renowned qullftels. 
They are currently ~sident quanel oil Essex University where 
Ihey have established a series of concens and a chamber 
music course which auracl students from all over 1M world. 
"An l'XpaIlSM' and rap' !Yrifism I hawn'l htard equalled." 

H ... F....., 
March 3, Satunlay, 8 p.m, 

Mandeville Auditorium 
VCSD St. 55,'0, GA 512.00 

UCSD Box 0IIice 6r TicketroD: 451-4559 ___ ...J 
March I, 1984 ",."" 3 



-, 

.. 

-• 

Ifs a 'Thriller' as Michael Jackson 
sweeps through Grammy Awards 

Just as he did a few months 
back at the American Music 
Awards, Michael Jackson 
dominated the 26th Annual 
Grammy Awards, or what some 
were calling "The Michael 
Jackson Awards," Tuesday night 
In Los Angeles. 

It did not come as a surprise 
that Jackson won a record eight 
Grammys, since his Thriller 
album has sold over 27 million 
copies and has reigned atop 
Billboard's chart for .51 weeks 
and produced seven top-ten 
singles, all record-setting 
marks. 

The 25-year-old superstar 
also received a record "12 
nominations and had a shot at 
ten awards. (He competed 
against h Imsel f In two 
categories.) The Police 
restrained him from completing 
the sweep by grabbing best pop 
perfclrmance by a duo or group 
and new song of the )ar, two of 
the four Grammys they 
recel~. 

Jackson's dominance was so 
great that songwriter Michael 
Boddlcker, who won for best 
soundtrack, thanked him "for 
not writing a song for the 
movies." Irene cara, who won 
best female pop vocalist for 
"flashdance:' told reporters, 
"Michael's music encourages 
young people and pleases 
everyone." 

Although Jackson sported his 
traditional spangled uniform 

with epaulettes and dark gil.., 
and single white glove on his 
right hand he was hardly the 
fashion star of the show. Sblge:r 
<nee Jones paraded around In a 
large black hat. black gloves 
and a strange beige outftt. 

The stiffest competition was 
for couple of the night. Cyndl 
Laupe:r, with her matching 
orange and green face and hair, 
accompanied by "Rappln" 
Rodney Dangerfteld, slightly 
edged Alice Cooper and t!vlra, 
Mistress of the DIIk. 

And then there was 80y 
George. Shown via satellite 
from london, 80y George in full 
regalia with his band Culture 
Club accepted the award for best 
new artist He thanked the 

lJ 

American audience and addecL 
"You've got taite, style IIld you 
know a good drafJ queen when 
you see one. " 

SInger AnnIe I.aInoI, whOle 
band the r.wythmlcs lost to 
CUItUR Club lor bat DeW IItIst. 
pe:rfd mecJ on stage dresaed as 
t!vls, complete with sideburns, 
and had much of the audJence 
confu5ed as to her gender. 
Backstage *.-kI she was 'lust 
bylng to outdo Boy George." 

Duran Duranmanla conti-
nued, with the group wiMing 
two awards for Its videos. Singer 
Chaka Khan won three 
Grammys, and Jackson's 
producer Quincy Jones won four 
awards. which brings his career 
total to 15. Sir Georg SoItJ won 

four OIammys In the clulk:al 
category whlcb 91va him a 
m:onI 15 victclria. 

Pat Benatar won best fanaIe 
rock yocallst tor the fourth 
stnlght year, and George 
Beman collected h15 eighth 
Grammy for best pop 
Inttnrmental. One artist who 
was overdue was Herbie 
Hancock who won best HaB 
Instrumental for his song 
"Rockft." It was his ftnt ylctory 
In 20 yars of making music. 

While breakfng Paul Simon's 
record of seven awards, Jackson 
saJd the one that mant the 

most WIS hJs award ... I! 1. u 
the beat cblkftn's mxH'd. "Of 
all tile aWllds I've won, I'm mOlt 
proud 01 this one. It wasn't III 
album just ... children. It was 
for evayone." 

It was a somewhat ftltlng 
twist of rate that Michael 
Jackson's greatest nJght would 
come at the Shrine Auditorium, 
the ame venue what he bad 
almost his worst, It was here 
that he sulfa'ed his now-famous 
accldem while nlmlng a repsl 
commercial, the same one that 
aired during the ~hour 
telecast. 

Herbie Huc:odllaacled • Gram .. y wttb "Koddt"'. 

r - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - ,MDt THIS COIJpon • - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - --i 

~ 
8 

~ 
III 

~ 
E 
i 
• I 
I 
I 

.------Discover ---; 
La Jolla Village Deli 

& Restaurant 
lower Lev'el, ~t lntrance 
453-2260/453-2261 

Opposite Cblnese latlag I'IIIce 

Buy Any Sandwich or 
Dinner and 

Get Another at Only 
1/2 Price! 

With This Coupon. Good Weekdays from 5:00 - 9:00 pm. 
expires March 8, 1984. 

r--------DllYtfR PIIfrlU:-----------, 

Top Sirloin Steak .... .. 8.95 fried Shrimp ... ______ 7.95 
Golden fried Chicken. _ 6.95 Red Snapper filet _ .... 6.95 
Shish Kabob .......... 7.95 Gyro flate ___ . _ . . . . . . 5.95 

Dinner Includes: Soup or Salad, Potato tIJ Vegetable 

Our menu 'ncludes such delectables at Ggl'05, 'a1afel, 
Zorba, tJandll1'ches, soup and sa'MIs, and morell 

I 

Our Dally Special 
Is anly $299 

[at OUr Daily Special for only 
$299 

and get an order of Egg RoDs 
TREEI 

(EtIs Il0l18 atn be IIII'8pped (or tMe-out: apedallll flood 
as a IfI.".cla'e during the slloll1l) 

I With This Coupon. Special good weekdays from 5:00 pm - 9:00 pm 
and all day Saturday & Sunday. 

fxpires March 8, 1984. Not good on Take-outs 

r-----DAlLy snclA1S IlIdude suc:b 'atura .I-----t 
Shanghai ChJcken 

Sweeet/Sour fork 
Mongolian Beef 

JItoo-Sbi Beef 

BBQ Pork Rib 
Curry Chicken 

Shrimp f.gg roo Yang 
Broccoli Beef 

I Monday-friday 8:00am-9:00pm, Saturday 8:OOam-6:00pm, Sunday 8:00am-5:00pm. Monday-friday 10:OOam-9:OOpm, Saturday 10:OOam-6:OOpm, Sunday 1"Ioon-~:OOpm 
.. - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -MDt THIS cooron - - -- - - - -- - - - - - - - - - - - - _. - -- - - - _ .. 
4 nutu~ March L 1984 

'Don Giovanni' misses 
One would be surprised to 

ftnd out that an opera company 
capable of putting on so nearly 
perfect a production u, ay, 
anderdl& th15 season could 
collapse back Into IncUfference, 
and one would receive a painful 
shock at ftndlng out that 
someone tram the UnlYe!Jfty of 
california (altbough admittedly 
from the Berkeley branch) was 
the means ... It. Yet one will 
realft such a shock (and I cUd) 
on going to the San Diego 
Open's Don Ololl.nnl, 
currently at the Clvlc 11Iata. 
11IJa 15 not a dllcouraganem to 
buzz dowD of an evalng to view 
tbe phenomenon (at $7 
DdDbnum). tor It Is good 
entatainmeIIt. but It does not 
come together to be grata 
than the sum of Its eJUllent 
parts u we •• In Ondelell& 

QrIItopber Keene (whowu. 
bJItary IIIIIIor at llakdey, wbm 
lie got up productloas 01 opau 
until Kurt Herbert Adler 
JaDOftd blm to gmner and 
professional pastures) 
maduc:ts, and he brings out 
occasional passages of 
utrloldlnary delicacy and 
beauty. But more oftal tbae Is a 
slurring, and sometimes an 
unc:atalnty of rhythm, which 
after all Is so prevalent In the 
speech 01 people from Berkeley. 
By the later performances, the 
I .. trumental parts may be more 
ddlned and the orchestla and 
singers always In time with one 
another, but In the nrat 
performance they bad not yU 
achleyed that. 

Indlvtclual performances, and 
there are sevaal good ones. are 
not enough to brlng pGftr to a 

By JAIIIf.S MIIII rArr 
production that Is altogether 
weak, unless one goes to the 
trouble and upense of 
collecting an operatic' 
superstar. Kalla IUcclarelll did it 
last week with Ann. Bole".. 
Although he makes a dashJng 
Don Glorannl, half a head 
greater In stature and yoJce than 
the rest of the cast. Plchael 
Devlln cannot quite manage the 
same. Richard McKee (Don 
MagnJnco In andete''') and 
MelanIe Sonnenberg 91ft their 
best uslstance In comic roles. 
but the combined d'orts of the 
tJuu aUt does not give a 
cohesift eJCdlence to the 
opeD or even serve as a 
c:aUrpjece. 

Tbe pbJlk:al production was 
proyjded by the SIn PrancJ5co 
Opal. the sIngen used to fill 
the COIbaa, bavtna been 
bJOugbt I'raIIl rutber afield. Had 
SIll DIego prcwIded Its own 
ClOIm-sancl scenery, even on a 
scale and budget chlarfecl by 
what the Illy Area can o«a, It 
ought to haft been able to do 
betta'. 'I1Ie COItumes are good 
fcI' comlc IJIIIPOIeS - Don QIovannl's rIYals I,ore their 
cause by waring gold lame 
watstCOlts and ,e)1ow socks -
but fel' drama they need IIlCft 
nourish. (Pabaps one of the 
problems Is that It Is hanl to 
denne Don GiOfllnnl as a 
bagedyor a comedy and hard to 
pull decisively In one or the 
other direction.) The scenery Is 
all of black and gold Iron (the 
opera Is set In Seville). and the 
rectangular panels are raised 
and lowered In dlferent 
positions to loosely resemble 
walls, palaces or gardens. It Is a 

nlce touch, and would be an 
etrectlve accent, but as the 
complete setting It Is 
oppressive and after some tlme 
a little dull. The bm stage 
surrounded by gleaming metal 
mUes Don GJovannl a bird In a 
gJlded cage. 

The backdrop 15 an aaial Ylew 
or the city ofSevUle, although It 
appears at ftnt to be one of 
those wall sculptures of glued 
blocks so popular In the ·70s. 
Uke thOle wall sculptures, It 
distracts but does not 
enlighten. 

1be aerial view of Seville 
actually plays a part In the plot 
later, as does an italian cypress 
tru. 'nIe modan tendenc:y of 
opera producers seems to be to 
get rid of old·'lsbJoned 
encumbrances like ghosts. 
Unfortaately, the supemabual 
Is a grat badltlon In opera. Don 
a/oNnnl's ghost, of tbe 
Commendat.ore murdered by 
0I0YannI1n the lint stale, is an 
or-ltage YOke lint delivered 
through a tree and later througb 
the aerlaI view of smile. 
I'tdtlMr Is a convlnclng pla)'U. 
1be statue 01 tile Conunencla-
tore -aclvances 011 OkwannJ. 
grabs him and clrap him to hell 
In the last act. and It Is 
impossible to be entirely moved 
by a duet sung between a siMer 
and a city. [Yen less convJnclng 
Is GIovanni being abducted by 
the aerial view of SevIlle. Ghosts 
need to be brought out of the 
closet once more. 

The .... chance to view the 
..nan rerivaI Is this Saturday 
night at 8 pm. CMnen begins 
the next ,",unciay, and that 
production encls the season . 

f-·SOFT CONTACT LENSES'-, 
I I 
I '89 Daily Wear Soft "159 Extended Wear Soft I I complete" Complete : 
I reg. 5169 & up 1°2 -T Lenses) reg. 5300 & up ,Bausch & lomb) I 
: Complete Includes: Eye Exam, Fitting, Follow-up Visits. Care-Kit I 
I - I I "_'re not the Iowat. tiel, us who "' Oft'wr good wtth coupon through 3/15, 1984. I 
I Dr. Slawn CiraaIMn 04lOIMII') 481-2277 I 
I 243 No. Hwy. 1011~ Boardwa{j OPEN: 
I Su;~ 8, SoI.Y\a ~ach Monday-Friday, 11-6 ~_ •••• _ ••• _ ••••• __________________ J 

THEHI~~ 
THE KING Of GUTTER ROCK· 

- .... IIr'I.G~ ~- NTt4I! ......... ·-

Total Madness 
., MID •• 1!E~1l 

Something wUl be In the air stardom. The group was 
1'rkIIy, or make that In the gym. fatuml wttb 'I1Ie Specla", 
It's h_lty, craziness. chaos or Selecte:r and Tbe tngIlsh Beat In 
you canjust call It PIadness. Yes. the ftlm JMnu OUt. wblch won 
tbe seven-member pop/ski tJIan countless fins. ALto, their 
group from London Is making video of "One Step Be)'OllCl" was . 
Its way to UCSD even u you read aired COMtanUy on Pm and 
this, and there Is nothing you featured a new dance step that Is 
can do about It. somewhat between a Conga 

Madness' infectious sound line and braldng. 'I1Iey have 
grabbed public attention In even released a vIcIeocassette, 
r.ngJand In 1979 with their Complett: JIf.mas featuring 
debut album One Stt:p /Jt:gond. all 13 of Madness' promo videos. 
The band then toured the States Their wide appeal landed 
wtth another two-tone group, them a charlty gig fel' PrInce 
The Speda1s, and had 'em Charles ~ _II as sold-out 
dandn' In the streets. shows wherever they pla~. 

It was more than the live However, it was thdr song "OUr 
concerts and records that House" that broke things wide 
launched JIIadness on their open. It recdved heavy al!Play 
successful journey to pop plea. tum to page 7 

72 hours of liberty 
to forget everything the 
Navy ever taught them. 

CROWN INTERNA110NAl PICTURES presents "WEEKEND PASS' 
starring D. W. BROWN' PETER ElLEN STEIN • PATRICK HOUSER' CHIP McAllISTER 

also starring PAMEI.J\ G. KAY' HIlARY SHAPIRO 
Produced by MARILYN J. TENSER Co-producer MICHAEL D. CASTl..F. 

LIMITED. DAY E .. 8I_1T ITAITS FlIDAY! 
K ... CI .... A 4061 Adams Ave. 283-5909 

Friday 6:00 • 7:45 • 9:30 Saturday & Sunday 2:40 • 4:15 • 6:00 • 7:45 • 9:30 

Written and Directed by LAWRENCE BASSOFf 
Director of Photography BRYAN ENGlAND 

Music by JOHN BAER Edited by HARRY 8. MIlL£R. DI 
A MARIMARK PRODUCTION ji A CROWN INTERNATIONAl r:Rf-:!!i-i.i!'-~'~·~-~1 Color by DELUXE ,.c .•. • PICTURES RElEASE -':'::'-I:l, _. 

STAATS TOMORROW! 
IAUIOA nwon. 
4Ih & E .. Downrown • 2JJ-JJ26 
Open Noon. Connnuous All NogIY 

PodIIc ~WE£NlAl(P' 6 Theow.s 
Town.& Counny 5hoppong CetWf 
I-~ @ S. ••• _f\de47 4-85 71 

MoM P.ANCHO IIOfIAN)O 6 
1174D Oemado Plato CI 
4lI:>-/I641 

MoM SPOAn ANNA 6 
JJ50 Span Arena ()Ivde22;}~ 

Mann ~ TO/IIME CEIm\E 
La Jolla VJI~ Dr. (, '*-

4~2-77661~ DooIy 

~ FASHION VNJS.Y 4 
FCIII'Won V~ c.tftr WesI 
cI NordIIIom • 2Q 1-4404 

IWC. dGAMO PlAZA 6 
~ Nonh £1 Comno AeoI 
EncIniIoI .942-5544 

~ SNI1& VIU..N& 6 Tn.an.s 
IoW.IIon <>erg. I\cad One ClIod< 

~ cI CUIIQ"TlOCO. 502-7910 

COWGln.an. 
EI Cajon lINd. ex ~ • 280-1455 
HMIIEA erw.1n 
Nar10naI Gry llMl ~ 
Nor'1 c.v (, 01IA0'llllo • 477-1:yn 
WIllI TWIN DiItoHI 

10Q90~.~ 
44&-7447 

March 1, 19M ".."" 5 



A wakeup 
call from 
The Alarm 

Iy LVICZ KIUWID 
Dec,.,.lIon. the ftrst full-

length album by 1bc Alum. 
smaslilngly follows the Welsh 
quartet's successful U and 
world tour of la!t year. /"low. 15 
before, their style Is fresh and 
sparkles with clarity and 
Idealism. apparently the 
platform of scveral new bands 
from the UK. 

Tbe secret life of 
Naomi Mitcbison 

By KOllEin' ~0ftE 
Since naomi Haldane cIowJt.tHarth quality of the 

Mitcbllon happens to be a writing. continues throughout 
Regents «<tum at UCSD this the main body 0( the book. a 
week. It Is plainly appropriate to beautiful. tastdUl collection of 
revlcw one 0( her books. InsIad stories about survivors of the 
of reacUng one 0( bel' ncwa' slaW!)' of the population 0( a 
books (reportedly. one of her Greek city-state called 
most recent works Is a novel 0( Mlntinea. 
science fiction. with her Plantila was captured by 
brother. the noted geneticist Macedoncans in the year 220, 
J.8.s. Haldane. as a character). I and a good portion of the 
decided to IUd one of her population was sold Into 
earliest ofl'a'inp. a collection of .way. w Just kept as slaves by 
poems and _lei entitled TIte the conquerors. 'IbCIe stories 

DelI~ nl8. are tile reconIs 0( lOIRe 0( the 
Upon Its debut In 1983, 1bc 

Alarm received praise for Its 
uncompromising musical 
stance - preaching hope and 

. an end to UIII'est for the younger 
generations. The band '5 
position Is still strong. and the 
LP Is more conceptual Ulan lui: 
)TMs ftYMOllfl collection, 

TIle Alana ....... y willi UIe rreteDders atGoidea Hal ..... week d. 
Immf.dtatcly. with the ftra sliwa. AQIaos. bls wile 1Oeta. his 

play I'ragmeli. one gets the hint brotba ArIIu IIICI tile brotber-
that one Is dealing with IIsta' _tllematklans AntaIIda 
sometblng strange and and nlidp. 

SIde one features "Marching 
On." origJnally the debut cut. 
but here Its liveliness and 
crtspncss have been tempered 
Into a more foIkish vcrsion.1bc 
two most commercial tracks. 
"Where Were You Hiding When 
he stonn Broke" and "stxty-

~ght Guns." rellect more 
variation in style: the former cut 
features bassist lddle 
MacDonald playing an [-Bow 
guatcr line reminiscent of Big 

Coantry: the latter, on the other 
haneI. utilizes synthesIJJed horns 
provided by producer Alan 
ShIc:kIock. 

1bc ftlp side reveals the 
band's more Insolent. 
aggressively humanistic skle. 
featuring more biting lyrics and 
harmonics. "Bille 0( OIory." 
probably the best song on siele 
two. beam a putoral. mudtlng-
song beat and acoustic guitar 
softness to crate an dfectivt 
protest to cruelty and war. The 
complcl, dominant vocals on 

Make The Dav Special 
With 20% to 40% OFF 

Assorted Jewelry 
SALE 

"Tell Me" and the auurrent use 
of ~w on "Howling WInd" 
(the cJos(ng track) roUDd out 
the collection. 

Dec,.,.lIon Is a basically 
earnestly-written. well-
produced album, more 
anthemlc thaD the works of U2 
(to whom the Alarm Is 
constantly com .. mJ) and Iesa 
extreme In mesage than thcIe 
of the Clash. WlththiscoliectiOIl 
under Its belt. 1bc Alarm 
continues to Improve and 
accrue a solid reputation. 

woncIaful. not tile fuD-blowa Play onIIe n::st oftbutarles 
faDt:aaks of a ToIkIen ar an are act In (ftece w andat 
Eddlson. but ratber tbe Rome, but tbtft _ a far 
matured, cmfuI imaaerY 01 delatptM pIcca and IOIIIe 
wdl-wiltten hiItark:aI fetlan. poetry set In IIIOdaIl times. 

nals hint Is not a ,... one. Tbc encap8Uiltion of a 
11le title story Is. endeart..... blltGrk:al nOld witbIn a rar 
woncIaful pm about a)'Olllll abort ItCIrIes Is a lend)' lltauy 
girl wbo lives 011 tile LtIIIId 01 trick - one that maba wli 
LesboI. aad Is sent to tile town with tile odds IIICI ends 01 time a 
to leam tile arts IIICI gmc:a. Ita' audent bas far ............ I'or this 
dream Is to be taught poetry by reason, and the IIdD and 
SIppho, IIICI lllat is precJsely cmgtnaIIty 01 tile work, I 
what happens. ra:obUIICnd tbII book. It Is In 

1bc !kill, tbe ethcreaI yet auster and Central UbrarIes. 

THIRD COLLEGE 
WANTS 

YOU 
FOR R.A. 

Applications for the 19&4-85 positio~ of Resident Advisor at Third 
College Apartments and Matthews Dorms are now being accepted. All 
interested students should go to their college student financial aid office 
by March 16 and pick up Job Referral #OW 'U4t. Bring the job 
referral to Third Collqe Dean'. Office in the Fireside Lounge and 

you will recei~e a complete application packet. 

APPLICA nON DEADLINE: 
March 16, 4:00 p.m. 

If you have any questions, call 452-4340 

CIRCLE THE WORLD 

Shown is a repreS<!nrative S<!b :tion of jewelry S<! t with d iamonJ s and 
o ther precious stones. Styles subject to prior sale. 

30 college/ universiry students, drawn from across the United 
States, will circle the world from September 1984 to May 1985, 
living and studying in ENGlAND, FRANCE, SPAIN, ITAlY, 
EGYPT, ISRAEL, INOlA, NEPAL, THAIlAND, CHINA, and 

J 

Kay Jewelers Guarantees Your Diamond For Life. And, 
Guarantees the Trade-In Value to Increase at Least Fifty Percent 

in Ten Years. 

E W E L E R s 
ThE' diamond }Jl">()ple~ 0 1984 Kay '.w.I.,. . Inc. 

La Jolla Village Square 
4485 Villa La Jolla Drive 

455~9700 

6 lIIatus March I. 1984 

JAPAN. Accompanied by internationally known senior 
professors, the selected studems will live with families and . 

carry a full course load as they explore the impact of religion 
and ethnic ide miry upon societies in Europe, the Middle East, 

and Asia. 

The International Honors Program seeks mature. motivated 
candidates who are prepared for a fulfilling academic 

experience. For further information and an application, please 
call Professor George De Vos at 415-642·2854 or 415-530-

7470, or contact the Program directly. 

INTERNATIONAL HONORS PROGRAM 
Suite 307-96 

1430 Massachusens Avenue 
Cambridge, MA 02138 

(617) 491 ·3120 

Thomas !'tee and David Chase 
will lead the La Jolla Clvlc-
Unlverslty Symphony Orchestra 
and Chorus In music of 
Beethoven and Gunther 
Schuller at concerts In UCSO's 
Mandeville Auditorium, David 
Chue will lead the chorus. 
soloists and orchestra In a 
performance of Beethoven's 
MISS In eM.". while Thomas 
!'tee will conduct SchuUer's nile 
lWde.s for Otth~trI and other 
works. 

nae concerts wIi I take place 
Saturday. Marth 10, at 8 pm and 
Sunday, Plarch 11. at l pm. I'or 
ticket prices and further 
Information. call 452-4637. 

••• 

Vivacious lead singer ChrIssIe 
Hyncle will lead ha band the 
Pretenders In concert tonight 
and I'riclly at 00IcIcn Hall 
supporting their latest album 
Laming to CIIIDL Also on the 
biD will ~ The Alarm whole new 
album DecIMlion Is taking off 
(see page 6). Both shows start at 
8 pm. 

••• 

Oeorgt l.4PIdM - ~ 
,,,phlc 1Y""U.u. an 
exhibition 0( approxJmat£ly 20 
hand-colored pbotographs, 
compolCd 01 props and stages. 
and pbotographcd in the artlst·s 
studio, opens at the La Jolla 
Museum of Contemporary Art on 
rrIcIaJ, JItaltb US. IIICI continues 
through April 29. 

Organized by the La Jolla 
Museum, the exhibition 
Includes the artist', mau recent 
work. It Is supported In part by 
the Cochnne ~bltlon !'und, 

The La Jolla Museum of 
Cont£mporary Art Is located at 
700 I'rospcct Street In La Jolla, 
Hours are 10 am - 5 pm Tuesday 
through frtcllyand 12:lO· 5 pm 
Saturday and Sunday, The 
Museum Is closed on Monday. 

General admlssfon Is $2; 
students and seniors $1; 
children ftve to twelve years 
5OC; members and children 
under 8ve years are admitted 
free. fw Infwmatlon. call 4S4-
3MI. for exhibit and event 
Infwmatlon. call 4~267. 

••• 

Torment. a 1944 SWedish 
drama. directed by Alf Sjoberg, 
seruns Wednesday night at 
7:lO at the La Jolla Museum of 
Contemporary Art, 

Ingmar Bergman wrote the 
sclUllpiay b this ftlm about a 
teacher. a student. and a 
frightened girl. Director A1f 
Si!::c::?t

y 
transforms sexual 

I related to guilt and 
sadism jmo a political parable 
about taking a stand In an eyU 
world. 

Torment Is the ftrst of four 
Swedjsh dramas showcased 
during PIaR:h In the museum', 
weekly series fOCUSing on 
International ftlm classics 
produced ~ World War D 
and 1970. All ftbns are shown in 
tbe Museum Auditorium, 
IocatccI at 700 Prospect Street. 
La Jolla. Por information. call 
454-0267; 

Southland, ~ ~ 
Concerts 0 ~ 

11.0 . ... _ 

Aad It II free too. If you loved the book 
then you'll certainly love the 81m, 1bc Berry 
famUy of John bvlng's best seiling novel "aul 
1Yt.w n.,.plhlm comes to life with such 
names 15 rtatasta Khwd. Rob Lowe and Jodie 
foster and a cast of thousands 

There will be an Invitational screening of 
Itotd /Yew nlmpMim Wednesday at 8 pm at 
the UA Glasshouse theater. To get your very 
own pass to this once In a lifetime event Just 
go to the uro Box Offtce and ask for one. SUch 
a deall 

Madness 
matialled from page 5 
from both API and I'M stations 
moss the country and the 
world. lbat song Is featured on 
their debut dbt fw Qd'fen 
Records entjtled MMlneu 
wbkb also features "night Boat 
to CaIro," "CardJac Arrest" and 
"Rise and hll:' 

The tour that comes to 
campus this rrklay Is In support 
of the brand new Madnas 
album. K«p JIfovI. naousands 
of fans saw Madness la!t year at 
San otego StacUum when they 
perb iiied In the puldng lot on 
the cIIy alter they pla)'aJ with 
the Police. 

nals concert will feature the 
ackUtJon of Paul Cmack on 
kcybolnls. ftliing In for Mike 
Bmon. <:arrack was with the 
band Squeeze during their 

heyday a few years back and 
released a critically accJaImed 
solo album. Suburban Voodoo. 
last year. 

If this Isn't enough - and 
don·t you thJnk It should be -
they havt added Mister MIster to 
open the show. rio TO will be 
held this week, so get your 
dandng In while you can. It's 
total PIadness. but It's fun. The 
show starts at 8 pm and tickets 
are $12.50 and $11.50 and 
avaUable at the Box omcc. 

"WWYW'~SKA 'N' B 
With~~-:L:&--~ Introducing 

THE TOOCHSCREEN 
PERSONAL COMPUTER. 

with Paul Carlack 
plus special guest 

Mr. Mr. 

Friday, March 2, 8:00 pm 
UCSDGYM 

Tix on sale now at Sears and all Ticketron 
Also at the UCSD Box Office. 

Call 452-4559 for more information. 

........ ........,'WYto'\NY~N Southland ConcertsNY'tN'rI'ttJYItN~NYt,." 

The Hewlett-Packard 150. 

Meet the HP ISO Touchscreen PMonaI Co~r - the easiest-to-leam. 
easiest-tx:HJse personal computer available today. Touch. It makes sense. To 
operacr a personal ~ by ~ touching the screen. \Xhlether you're 
IT10IIIng a paragraph with the word processor or ~ating a graph, }OU just 
touch the screen. No complicated c:ommands. No mouse. ~st your finger. 

But HewIett-Padcard's engineers ddrft stop with the touchsaeen. They 
designed the andIIrd Iys&iMI with 2561< of rnemory; a high-per1ormanc 8 
MHz ItrBIt processor; two RS-232 serial ports, which make adding a printer 
and a telepholle modem easy; ~ HP-IB IIEEE-488) port. for adcitional 
pr'.nters. pt>tters. dIsJ< storage. and more; plus 512 x 390 hlgh-resolution 
graphics. The standard system also includes two 3Yl" high-speed disk dri\.e 
and the popular MS-DOS operating system. 

Stop by the l.kliYMIty Bookstore ~ Center fer a demOIastraUon on 
the HP I SO Touchscreen computer. 'Ibu might get In 1DUCh wtth a wt"lae new 
}OU. 
UsC Prtce: S3995 

GRAND~NINGSPKIALa 0150 ~rw.. .. ~ 
*G';m OpenIng prices wild ~ MarctI IS. 1984. 

r~~ HEWLETT a:~ PACKARD 
. -

UIII"EIiSITY IIBllaRRE 
COMPUTER CENTER 

452-4291 
March 1, 1984 IIlaw 7 



police recruits. 
Cal em slobs. 
Call em jerks. 
Call th\m gross. 

· Just don't I -them 
i when you're i trouble. 

What an Institution! 
"POLICE ACADEMY" A PAUL MASLANSKY PRODUCTION 

STARRING STEVE GUTTENBERG • KIM CATTRALL • BUBBA SMITH • AND GEORGE GAYNES AS COMOT. LASSARD 
STORY BY NEAL ISRAEL & PAT PROFT • SCREENPLAY BY NEAL ISRAEL & PAT PRorr AND HUGH Wll.SON 

PRODUCED BY PAUL MASLANSKY • DIRECTED BY HUGH WILSON • A lAOO COMPIM RElEASE 
' ... RU ---.. ..,.O 

.. A A fJ'II. k .U UIWI U h l( " 'IO"'C, CO~P.NY 
... .. • • I .., ..... ~\,j". Af'~"'"'''' 

Mandeville Auditorium March 2 8:00 p.m. 
FREE Admission with tickets only (TICKETS SOLD OUT) 

8 lliatus March I , 1984 

. I 


