
The University Center 
Referend\lm 

.Page 4: 
Letters 
Be con 
.Page 4: 
Editorial 
.Page 6: 
Commen-
taries pro Be con 
.Page 7: Key UCSD figures 
speak on the University Center 

Special 
Referendum 

Issue 



, 

2 Mav 21 , 198~ 

Han to speak at UCSD this Tuesday. 
Andrea Han, that is , the Democratic 
hopeful's daughter. Ms . Hart will speak 
at noon, May 22 on Revelle Plaza, 
addreSSing the pertincm Issues 10 her 
father 'S campaign. She will hold a 
question and answer sessIon 
immediately following the rally. 

o 

University Center Referendum 
Logistics: All of thiS week, May 2l-25 , 
the polls will be open from 10 am to 4 
pm, except on Friday when the polls 
will close at 1 pm. Polling locations will 
include Revelle Plaza, the Gym Steps, 
Middle of Muir, Peterson Hall, Cashier's 
Office and the Pool. 

o 

UCSD faculty have reaped a number 
of prestigious awards and honors m 
recent weeks. Roger Revelle won the 
Vannevar Bush Award from the ational 
Science Foundation and the Tyler Prize 
for environment and ecology. Bernard 
Rands was named winner of the Pulitzer 
Prize in Music. Mathematics professor 
Mi hael Freedman was named 
California Scientist of the Year by the 
California Museum of Science and 
Industry. Dr. Freedman, fellow 
mathemanclan Munray Rosenblatt and 
chemistry professor Russell Doolittle 
were elected to the anonal Academy of 
SCIences. 

o 

Oxford professor of bIochemistry, Eric 
Newsholme, will dISCUSS hiS new book 
The Runner on Tuesday, May 22 at 7:30 
pm at D.G. WtIls' Bookstore In La Jolla. 
For more Information , call 456-1800. 

o 

Good news for communications 
students. The US Bureau of Labor 
StatiStiCS has predicted that the 
telecommunications industry will be the 

1968 ... 
Provost Paul Saltman announced rh is 

week that as a result of the deep 
concern the Umverslty feels concerning 
the effects which the present draft laws 
are having and will have on the 
students on campus, there will be a 
symposium on the draft conducted on 
campus dunng the next two weeks. 
Many promment figures connected with 
and 10terested in the Selective Service 
System have been lined up to lecture 
and discuss the draft, its effects and 
various methods by which the students 
can approach this problem. 

1969 ... 
UCSD is now entering the third day 

of a strike that was caUed by the 
students in an open assembly Tuesday 
night. A large crowd ,. numbenng about 
800, crowded into the Revelle Cafeteria. 
Wednesday at noon , some 2,000 
persons assembled tn the Gymnasium at 
a Convocation called for "the Immediate 

fastest growing economic seClOr In the 
next decade . Resulting from advances in 
technology and the effects of the AT&T 
break-up , new career opportunlllcs are 
opentng up. Wllh the new trend in 
increasing technological developments 
In satellites, microelectronics and 
teleconferenCing facilities, the 
telecommunications Industry promIses 
an increaSing number of s ientific and 
bUSiness related career opportunities. 

o 

Historical Views from the Black 
Perspective will be examined in a class 
this summer at San Diego CIty College 
The class is a comprehenSIve history of 
Afro-Americans from the discovery of 
Amenca through the Civil War. 
Emphasis will be on the institution of 
slavery and its Impact, as well as the 
cnses precipitated in American society 
by the presence of Blacks In the 
country. The course IS scheduled for 
June 4 through july 7, 7:30 to 9:30 daily 
and june l8 through August 11, 6:45 to 
10 pm Monday and Wednesday. 

o 

The Founh Annual Undergraduate 
Theater Festival will begin Wednesday, 
May 30 and run through june 3. Ten 
plays will be presented by 
undergraduates. Two of the plays are 
experimental in nature and twO are 
origmal scripts by UCSD students. All 
perfonnances will be held at the UCSD 
Warren Theater. For more information , 
call B. J. Barclay at 452-2252. 

o 

Governor George Deukmejian, In a 
speech to the California Congress of 
Parents , Teachers, and Students last 
week, saId , "The dark days of state 
neglect for public education are over in 
California .. .. In the first rwo budget years 
of the Deukmejian administration , we 
have proVided an average of 17% 
increase in state funding per student in 
California: 

withdrawal from the Berkeley campus of 
all National Guard and off-campus 
police." 

1970 ... 
"T 0 defend Bobby Seal is to defend 

your own existence , your right to 
dissent , your right to rebel ," exclaimed 
Angela Davis, controve rsial UCLA 
professor, at a ra lly held Tuesday in the 
UCSD Gym to commemorate the birth 
of Malcolm X. "Many whites 10 this 
country are remaining silent and saymg 
'Right On' to FaSCIsm: she warned. By 
permitting Fascism 10 cree p within the 
system, they are invi ting represSIOn and 
denY10g the right of revolunonary 
groups like the Black Panthers to dissent 
and rebel. ThiS repression would not 
only affect Blacks but also whites; 
witness Kent State . 

1971... 
In this year's election you will have a 

chance to vote on a most Important 

Summer Lobby 
pushes budget 

By JACKIE AFFONSO 
SacrammlO Cornspondml 

While state and UC budget officials 
are still negotiating a higher education 
studc nt fee policy, the UC Student 
Lobby's own fee policy is on its way 
through the Legislature. 

A bill defining the lobby's position on 
student fees , as directed by the Student 
Body Presidents Council, was approved 
by the Assembly Education Committee 
late Tuesday, April 24. Authored by 
Assemblyman Jack O'Connell (D-Santa 
Barbara), the bill passed out of 
comminee with a VOle of 8-4. 

UC Student Lobby Associate DireclOr 
jim Lofgren said the lobby policy, as 
defined under the bill , would identify 
student services 10 be funded by student 
fees and prevent the University from 
"shifting more and more services 10 
student fee funding: Students will also 
be able to predict fee increases based 
solely on the student service programs' 
Inflation costs, he said. 

"We'll know what things students are 
responsible for paying for and we'U pay 
for them," Lofgren said . 

The bill specifies the Legislature's 
imem 10: 
- Fund student financial aid with state 
general fund money over the next three 
years. 
- Reaffirm the state's commitment to 
keep student fees below the ruition level. 
- Define the purpose of student fee 
revenues. 

Other provisions under the bill 
require UC campuses to establish 
"Student Fee Advisory Committees" and 
UC administrators to report annually to 
the Legislature on the use of all student 
fee revenues. 

However, the bill's intent is 
contingent on UC Regents approval. UC 
Director of State Governmental Affairs 
Steve Arditti said because of its 
constitunonal autonomy, the UniverSity 
is not strongly opposed to the bill but 
concerned it is premature. A decision 
on a long-term fee policy by the 
Legislature has not yet been released. 

"This bIll sort of jumps the gun," 
Arditti said. 

question: voluntary membershIp In the 
Associated Students. If thIS referendum 
passes, each student will have the right 
to choose whether he wishes to belong 
to the Associated Students. Presently, 
there is no choice - each student must 
belong and must pay $6 per quarter to 
the AS. 

1972 ... 
Approximately 250 people gathered in 

Coronado early Wednesday morning to 
protest th e departure of the aircraft 
carrier Ticonderoga to the Vietnam War. 
After one-half hour rhe group was able 
to wind its way around the police and 
reach the gate, where it picketed on the 
SIdewalk. 

1973 ... 
Dr. Richard Popkin , professor of 

philosophy, is planning a suit to annul 
the 1972 presidential election on 
grounds of "fraud and theft of the 
elec tion." In his speech , Popkin not only 
attempted to gain suppOrt for his suit, 
but he raised questions about the 
assassinations of Jofln F. Kennedy, 
Martin Luther King and Roben 
Kennedy, and the wounding of George 
Wallace . The pnnclple question regards 
whether these assass inations were the 
work of one individual or conspiratonal 

Both the enate Finance 
Subcommittee and the Assembly Ways 
and Means Subcommittee have decided 
not to take action on the Governor's 
proposed UC anp CSU student fee 
reductions until ~ uniform fee policy is 
established. 

Lofgren said the bill should facilitate 
these negotiations by expressing the 
students' position. Not having a fee 
policy has hun students, he said. "What 
we do want is a fee policy and we're 
going to negotiate and get it out this 
year." 

The California Postsecondary 
Educat.ion Commission is opposed to 
the bill , while in favor of state funding 
of student financial aid , Suzanne Ness, 
governmental affairs officer for CPEC, 
said. 

Ness said defining where student fees 
will go as prescribed in the bill, rather 
than how much students will be paying, 
is not benefiting students. 

"That does not protect students from 
fee increases because the Regents have 
the ability to move those fees around." 

Legislators who opposed the bill did 
so for similar reasons. Assemblyman Bill 
Bradley (R-Escondido) said he disagreed 
with placing restrictions on the use of 
student fees. "We have to be flexible in 
financing education," he said. 

Assemblyman Charles Bader's (R-
Ontario) !iCntiment matched his 
colleague's, "I felt the restriction on the 

, use of the fees were unnecessary: He 
said these decisions should be under 
the authority of the Regents. 

A convincing argument in suppOrt of 
the bill, which Lofgren said was 
responsible for swaying the vote, was 
given by Assemblyman Tom Hayden (0-
Santa Monica). He told committee 
members, according to legislative aide 
Ralph Brave , "If we do not pass the 
measure , it will be sending a message to 
the University that we don't care." 

Lofgren does not believe the 
University's constitutional autonomy wiU 
change the bill's effect if it becomes law. 

"It's to their advantage to abide by 
legislative intent language ," he said . 

plots. In the light of Watergate, these 
assassinations take on a new 
illumination. 

1978 ... 
There's an old saying which reads, 

"What we don 't know won't hurt us." It 
seems that in the case of the tenure 
review process, professors denied tenure 
are being hurt by what they don't know 
- that is, how the review process really 
works. Allegedly, the final decision does 
not concern merely evaulating a 
professor's research, teaching ability and 
community service, but rather involves 
politiCS and deck stacking against 
certain 'professors. 

1981... 
The lyrics to the Bob Dylan song "The 

Times They Are a'Changin'," sung by the 
female duo of Womansong at Friday's 
noon rally, "Remembering Vietnam," 
gave many a chance to reflect on 
whether the times reall), have changed. 
The rally , an un-nostalgic look back at 
the Vietnam era in light of the US 
intervention in EI Salvador, focused on 
several Individuals who "shook the 
windows" of American IIlstitutions In 
the '60s and early 70s. rwo of them 
were Anthony j. Russo and George T. 
Winnie 

- Chrisopher Canole 

Science and Tech. 
Dept. discontinued 
By SEAN WAGSTAFF 

In the past, non-science majors had 
the opportunity 10 meet their general ed. 
science reqUirements by taking courses 
from the Third College Science and 
Technology Department (not 10 be 
confused with the Science, Technology 
and Public Affairs Department). 

The Science and Technology 
Department is now being aU but 
discominued, in a move that has 
generated some anxiety. 

TradlIIonaUy, four courses have been 
offered in Science and Technology: Sci 
Tech 20, a BASIC computer class; Sci 
Tech 10, biology; Sci Tech lOB, 
chemistry; and Sci Tech lOC, physiCS. 
All have been offered as classes for non-
science majors. 

An administrative deciSion was 
recently made to switch the biology, 
chemistry and physics classes to their 
respective departments. As a result, Sci 
Tech lOA becomes Bio II, Sci Tech lOB 
becomes Chern 10 and Sci Tech lOC 

becomes Physics 10. 
Because Sci Tech 20 Beginning and 

Intermediate, the BASIC computer 
programming classes, do not have a 
department to switch into. they Will 
remain within their own department. 

ApprehenSIOn was originally caused 
when rumors of the discontinuation of 
the Science and Technology program 
were substantiated by a disappearance 
of the Sci Tech heading from its usual 
spot in the course schedule. 

Actually, Sci Tech 20 is listed in the 
front section of the schedule under 
"Pending Approval." 

According to Dr. Michael Gilpin , 
"Science and Technology has been an 
innovative program. It's sad to see it go." 

In general , the discontinuation of the 
program will have little effect on 
students. 

Sci Tech 20B, 201 and Bio 11 are all 
offered fall quarter. 

High temperatures over the weekend drew UCSD students out towards the beac hes. 
Beach parties, surfing and running sessions were abundant. More than 700 people 
attended the sold-out All-Campus Semi-Fonnal Saturday, rod~ing to Dirk Debonaire 
and the Rebel Rockers white enjoying plenty of food. 

SOFT CONTACT LENSES 
In 
most cases 

INCLUDES: 
Contact lenses, examination, 
patient training, follow up, 
chemical care kit and fitting. 
EXTENDED WEAR LENSES 
ONLY $165.00 

THE CLASSICAL EYE 
DR. ROBERT HELLER OPTOMETRIST 

La Jolla Village Square 
(Inside the Mall; Lower Level) 

8657 Villa La Jolla Drive . Suite 136 
451-7374 

Hydrocurve extended wear lenses c5Vc5ilc5ble. 

BERKELEY -
Sciemists at UC Berkeley are going 

ahead with field experimems to confirm 
that a genetically disabled bactenum can 
protect crops from frost damage . 

The experiments, previously slated for 
last fall , were postponed when a 
WashingtOn-based group threatened legal 
action. 

The scientists have removed an Ice-
forming gene in the bacterium wi thout 
altering or adding any other genetic 
properties - or so they hope to prove. 

The test organism is not something 
exo tic or some unknown biological 
emity that is being introduced into the 
environment for the first time, the 
scientists stressed. Rather, it is a natural 
and native common bacterium that has 
been "disabled" by having one of its 
genes taken away. 

SAN DIEGO -
A multi-institutional group of 

oceanographers conducting submersible 
dIves in the deep waters of the Gulf of 
Mexico have discovered a community of 
marine organisms previously known to 
exist only in the Eastern Pacific Ocean. 

The scientists, led by a graduate 
student at the Scripps Institution of 
Oceanography, were utilizing the deep-
diving research submarine Alvin to 
study a part of the sea noor at the West 
Florida Escarpment. 

The marine commuOity was 
discovered at a depth of about 10,500 
feet. 

Charles Paull , leader of the group, 
said , "Until now, the Pacific vent 

communities have been the only known 
marine biological systems that do not 
receive primary energy from the sun 
through photosynthesis, but rather from 
the chemical energy supplied by 
bacterial oxidation of reduced sulfur 
coming from the hot vent , a process 
called chemosyntheSiS." 

The group found thick patches of 
tube worms, dense beds of mussels and 
red-neshed clams, white eel-like "vent" 
fish, various crabs and snaIls and white 
surface mats fo rmed by bacteria. 

SAN FRANCISCO-
UC F researchers have reponed uSing 

a new cost-effective diagnostic 
technique to detect certain heart 
disorders. 

The techni4ue , nuclear phase 
analysis, involves injecting an isotope 
into the bloodstream and taking a 
picture of the hean with a camera that 
is sensitive to the rays emitted by the 
Isotope. 

The new procedure often eliminates 
the need to perform catheterization, a 
process in which a tube is inserted into 
a major blood vessel in the leg and 
threaded through the vessel into the 
heart itself. Catheterization is risky in 
some patients and is costly to perform. 

The new technique maps contraction 
patterns in the heart wh ich are caused 
by electrical disturbances that can result 
in rapid or irregular heartbeats , and is 
useful in assessing the degree of heart 
malfunction caused by damaged and 
"leaky" valves. 

- Sean Wagstaff 

Summer jobs 
registering voters 

The Cahfornia Public Interest 
Research Group (CalPIRG) has begun 
scheduling interviews for career and 
summer employment. 

According to Lynn Nesselbush, UCSD 
campus coordinator, "It's pretty clear 
that citizen action groups are playing a 
larger role in political decision-making. 
Because they are growing, public interest 
research groups need new talent." 
MassPIRG, CalPIRG and New York PIRG 
are the largest consumer action groups 
in their respective states. The PIRG 
movement has expanded into 22 states. 

Over the summer, students can work 
in citizen organizing projects, 
supporting CalPIRGs legislative program 
in Sacramento. According to esselbush, 
"CaIPIRG can't compete dollar [or dollar 
with most interest groups. If CalPIRG 
can't impact the Legislature with money, 

then we have to do it through votes and 
citizen organiza tion. Really, the efforts of 
summer workers determine CalPlRGs 
effectiveness during the rest of the 
school year." 

Campus coordinating pOSitions are 
available to graduates. Campus 
coordinators organize issue campaigns 
through the media and at the grass 
roots level. Careers with CalPIRG, 
Nesselbush claims, allow employees to 
sharpen their organizing skills and yet 
"take their conscience to work." 
Additionally, the growth of the PIRG 
movement offers a significant degree of 
upward mobility. 

Those interested in applying for 
positions with CalPIRG should come by 
the CalPIRG olTice, Room 208 in the 
Student Center, or call the CalPIRG 
office at 452-4873. 

Asian,lPac111c, Black, Hispanic, Native 
American and Women Sophomore and 

Junior Students: 
Would you like to work with a faculty member in 

your Social Sciences, Hwnanities major department. 
establish a mentor relationship, and perform 
research? If so, why not attend our informational 
meeting and find out more about the Faculty Mentor 
Program? 

The meeting is scheduled for Thursday, May 24, 
1984 at 4:00 pm in the Student Center Building "B", 
Lower Level Con1erence Room, Please Join us, 

Refreshments will be selVed. 
For more in1ormation call Heidi Crowley 

at extension 6708, 



.. Mq,y 21 1984 
OPINION -

. '" , ,.' . .. " ........ ,' .' . 

Editorial 

The University Center: 
one man's fact, another's fiction 

The University Center referendum may be the 
most important issue to ever face UCSD students, yet 
good factual information concerning the University 
Center has been hard to find . 

The discussion between those who support the 
new University Center and those whC? question the 
surrounding process, and even the need for the new 
center at such great expense to students, has 
produced arguments, some mudslinging and little 
relevant information. Basic concerns like additional 
fund raising, building designs and even solid space 
allocations for those who would occupy the building 
have been avoided in planning the center. 

Some information which has finally come to light 
is disturbing. For instance, only $1 million of $4 
million approved by the Chancellor and Reg Fee 
could be considered as a "University commitment" to 
a new University Center. This is because rwo of the 
$3 million the Chancellor has pledged exists only in 
funds to be derived from student fund raising. Reg 
Fee's $1 million is from reserves of student money. 
This means that $3 million of the $4 million pledged 
by the University is either already student money or 
will be raised by students in the future. 

Another disturbing point is that the planning 
committees came up with a space request of 96,000 
square feet, yet the University's $4 million coupled 
with the projected $8.5 million that will come from 
the passing of the referendum will fund a facility of 
approximately 55-60,000 square feet. This leaves 30-
40,000 square feet of needed space that will have to 
be absorbed by the current student center facilities. 
Although current facilities could probably absorb the 
overflow, several problems present themselves here. 

Who will decide which student organizations and 
other groups will get space in the modem facility and 
who will get stuck in the old buildings? Tom Tucker, 
student center directOr, is quick to point out that no 
matter who ends up where , the University Center will 
be a single entity - even with two buildings. Tucker 
also stresses that students will have just as much 

input in the continuing process as in the past. One 
has to wonder how many students on campus feel 
they have had any input on the University Center or 
were even aware of an ongoing process where their 
input was welcome. There is also the concern that if 
the level of student control remains static, whether 
the majority of students will feel any more "involved" 
in the process. 

As far as the space allocation goes, no matter who 
ends up in the current facilities (which can 
accommodate about one-third of the current space 
requests) , the $500,000 allocated for "renovation" of 
existing facilities would likely be no more than 
cosmetic on buildings which are run down and 
poorly designed, according to those who work in 
them. 

Another part of this problem is that many student 
organizations, including several co-ops, all student 
media and other pro-student organizations, have 
conceded that they could function in the current 
facilities if space was not available in the new 
building. This leaves your $75 a year to purchase 
space for things like restaurants, meeting rooms, a 
large multi-purpose room, movie theater, 
administrative offices and most likely not for student-
run coops and organizations. 

The referendum states that its passage will not 
preclude any fundraising on behalf of the University 
Center. Yet no plans have been made or are being 
arranged to secure additional fundraising to offset or 
add to the enormous (essentially $11.5 million) 
student investment in the University Center. It seems 
the responsibility is on students to secure donated 
funds, and no University- or student-assessed funds 
will be allocated to secure donatiot)s. 

The entire process has been pushed along too 
rapidly, and not enough careful attention has been 
given to details or even the obvious. What will 
happen with the carte-blanche a student mandate for 
the referendum will give those in control of 
developing our University Center? 

II cefrfr ®If ~~ cefrfr<err ~n ce:frfr®lf ~ n ®fril: ® rr~n ®il:fr®rr ~ n cefrfr ® If ~ n ®il:tt®rr ~ n <ettfr® rr ~ n <ettfrcerr ~ n ®frfr( fr®rr~lettersn®frfr®rr~n®il:frcerr~ncellit®lf~n®il:tt®rr~n®frfr®rr~ncettit®rr~n<efrttcerr~n®frfr<.err~ rr~n<.efrfrceIr~n®frfr®lf~n®~fr®rr~n®tttt®rr~ll®frfr®lf~ncettfrcerr~n®fr~®l1f~n®frfr®rr~n®frfr<.err~n~ ncefrfr~lf~n®frfr®rr~n®frfr®lf~n®frfr®rr~nce;il:fr®rr~n®frfr®lf&)n®il:il:®rr&)ncefrfrcerr~n®frfr®rr~n<efrfr( 
Editor: 

As I have made a major effon 
to leam about the proposed 
University Ce nter, I would like to 
make me follOWing observations: 

The Infonnation about the 
referendum has been decidedly 
one-sided . 

This IS because there IS no 
sound argument agamst the 
referendum. 

Given a full Guardian page in 
which to voice their opposition , 
the on ly group to make such a 
request could do no more than 
attack the manner In which the 
Student Center Board proVided 
them a forum ' 

They fail to present an)' reason 
to oppose either the ongoing 
process towards a University 
Center or the referendum now 
before you. 

It is c rucial that you vote. I ask 
you to vote in favor of the 
referendum. Thank you for your 
consideration . 

John B. Elliotl 

To the UCSD Student Body, 
I have given much 

cons ideration to the idea of the 
proposed new Student Center 
facil ities. It seems to be a 
wonderful Idea and the 
advantages to the student body 
as a whole seem to be eVident. 
Thus I have no Issue with the 
proposal. My qualm lies with the 
referendum .and the subtle 
poli tics that surround it. Witness 
the eve nt that occurred withm 
one of the many student 
organi za tions that o ffer needed 
stude nt support. They were 
approached by a member of the 
plannmg commmee and asked it 
they would support the 
referendum by signing a list lh at 
encompassed a vanety of groups 
on campus. When they decl ined , 
they were asked by the planning 
committee membe r if that meant 
they were agaInSl the new 
facilities . Explainmg that. no. 
mey were nm agamst the new 
tudent Center they merely 

Wished [Q wa ll and see how the 

student body as a whole felt on 
this issue , they were immediately 
subjected to an inquisition of 
whether or not this meant that 
they were withdrawing the 
request for space, whether or not 
this meant that they wished to 
politic agamst the referendum 
and generally were insulted about 
their feel ings o n the Issue. The 
indiViduals involved tried to 
ex plain that the organization 
wished to walt and see, not 
ac tively work for or agai nst the 
new center, all to no avail. 

Fo rty minutes after the 
mcident occurred. rumor had 
been spread throughout the 
student center that thiS 
organization had Withd rawn the 
request for space, had banners 
made agamst the new center and 
was out campaigning to defeat 
the proposal. Needless to say, 
many bad feelings were evoked . 

ow perhaps thiS whole 
inCident has no bean ng on the 
way that the "student run" 

tudent Ce nter Will be working 

In the future . Perhaps this is Just 
an isola ted incident that 
happened at the wrong place 
and at the wrong time. Or 
perhaps this is the way that 
things will be run in future 
dealings with dle proposed 
center. I don't know. But as a 
victim of the accusations that 
ensued from this incident I have 
changed my mind on how I am 
going to vote . And perhaps, just 
perhaps, you might want 10 
think about it tOO. 

Sharon Chandler 

Editor. 
As the preSident of a student 

organization, I feel that It is 
important to inform the students 
of UCSD that there is a need for 
a new stude nt facility. 

There continues to be growth 
In student groups, organizations 
and services on our campus . Not 
only will a new student center 
enhance the abilIty of these 
organizations to reach the UCSD 

I'k<l\t' luIt' 10 I'''g'' 

Editor 
Tim August 

Managing Editor 
Phil Lauder 

Copy Editor 
Joe Desiderio 

Opinion Editor 
James Ralph Papp 

News Editor 
Lisa Llpin 

Contributing News Editors 
teven R. Friedman 

Sean Wagstaff 
Phil Wilion 

Arts Editor 
Andrew Keeler 

Associate Arts Editor 
John Nee 

Spons Editor 
Jeff Savage 

Features Editor 
ChristOpher Canole 

Photo Editor 
Rich Pecjak 

General Manager 
ChriS Milke 

Associate General Managers 
Linda LeWIS 

Valerie McMullin 

Photographers 
Rob Friedenthal 
Mark Johnson 

lIIustrators 
John Ashlee 

Steve Kloepfer 

Typesetters 
Joe Desiderio 
Anggie Lapid 
Phil Lauder 

Andy Laurence 

Production 
Paul FalWell 

Rob Friedenthal 
Lizz Fuller 
Kelley Neal 

Karla Spencer 

Staff Writers 
Lance Bernard , Ethan Feerst, 

David Fleminger, Roben Geyer. 
Jackie Gladfelter, Kim Haddad , 

Christina Kaus, Sergio Klier, 
Ronen leone, Michael Panos, 

Julie Richter, Dena Kosen , Sharon 
Sogomian , Yen Taylor. 

The UCSD Guardian is 
published Mondays and 
ThursJays dunng the academic 
year by students at UCSD. Views 
expressed in the Guardian do not 
represent the views of the Regents 
of the Universi[y of Califomia or 
the Associated S'tudc nts of UCSD. 
All un - initialled editorials 
represent the vIews of the entire 
ed itorial board of the Guardian; 
initial led editoria ls represent 
minomy opinions or the editOrial 
board . Reproduction , publication , 
or any use without permission of 
any ponion of this newspaper 

. without prior notification IS strictly 
prohibited . 

The Guardial1 welcomes SIgned 
letters and commentary as outlined 
In the Opmion sec tion ; however, 
we are not re sponsible lor 
unsolicite I manusc ripts or an 

Our o flke IS located southeast 01 
the Revelle Provost OffICe next 
door to the Che Cafe on the UCSD 
campus I hI: Hu Ine,s Office is 
open from Y tim LO noon and I pm 
to 5 pm Monday through Friday. 

. ub,c n )Jtlons are avatlJble and 
will be mailed lirst class for $ 15 per 
qUJner. 

The UCSD Guardian 
UCSD, B-016 

La Jolla , California 92093 
(619) 452-3466 

llcettttcelf~nceilitcelf~n®ilit®lf~n<efrtt~lf~n~ttfr~rF~n®(ill 
tt®lf~lettersn<efrtt~lf~n~ilit<erF~n~frfr®rF~n®frfr®lf: 
lf~n®ttfr®lf~n®tttt®rF~n®frfr®rF~n®frfr®rF~ll®frfr®rF~n~ 
n®frfr®rF~ll®ttfr®rF~ll®ilit®rF~n®frfr®rF~ll®frtt®rF~ll~tt~ 
continued from page '/ 
population , it will also reflect UCSD's 
commiunent to provide an 
atmosphere conducive to growth and 
development. 

The proposed referendum is a rare 
opportunity to acquire a student center 
with the aid and suppon of the 
administration. The need is there and it 
can be met. 

I strongly urge every student to vote 
yes on the referendum and give UCSD 
the quality student center it deserves. 

Susan Chelsea 
Editor: 

The Women's Resource Center 
originally planned to remain neutral in 
the University Center controversy, 
however in consideration of recent 
events we.feel we must take a stand. 
The Women's Resource Center supports 
the concept of a new student center, but 
cannot vote to allocate an additional 
$25 of student fees per quaner for a 
concept. We have chosen to oppose the 
present referendum for three reasons: 
one , it is an allocation for a theoretical 
project; two, there is a lack of student 
control; and three, it is being pushed 
through the democratic process by 
unethical methods, specifically, an 
implied threat that the Women's Center 
endorse the project or be denied space. 

The "U niverSity Center"/Student 
Center is a concept toward which 
students are expected to contribute $25 
a quaner. We do not know exactly what 
it is or where it will be. We are told that 
there is no difference between calling 
"it" a · U niversity Center" or a "Student 
Center," but when students suggest that 
it be called ~ Student Center, implying 
that it be for students, who will be 
paying three-founhs of the bill, the 

On the tendency of a certain 
individual to throw his not 
inconsiderable weight around at the 
Women's Resource Center (see 
related letter): 

Little Tommy Tucker 
Sang for his supper 

When it was refused him, 
He thought they had ill used him. 

What was his reaction 
To this grave in fraction? 

He tried to get his portion 
Employing some extortio n. 

- JRP 

flyers still say University Center. How 
do students know that the concept they 
are voting for is the same as the final 
product? The AS would not allocate your 
activity fee without a line item budget 
stating how much would be spent on 
each aspect of the program. 

The flashy pamphlet put out by the 
Student Center Board tells us that there 
are seven students on the planning 
committee and only five administrators. 
Student participation does not mean 
student COntrol. Students have input 
into the planning of the University 
Center, but only after a long struggle to 
allow that student involvement. This 
kind of struggle does not lead to the 
kind of trust between students and 
admi nistration that planning board 
member, Tommy Tucker, advocates. 
Students must realize that the planning 
board on which the seven students sit is 
the University Center Planning and 
Building ADVISORY Committee, and 
that decisions made by the Student 
Center Board are subject to veto by the 
vice chancellor of undergraduate affairs. 

While we can not expect the 
administration to give up fmal control, 
students should not be kept in the dark 
about what "student control" means. If 
the Student Center Board is going to 
govern the new University Center, what 
does that mean? Can we be guaranteed 
that revenues from the new commercial 
businesses will go to the Student Center 
Board after the building is paid off? Can 
we be guaranteed mat the Student 
Center Board will choose what 
commercial businesses will receive 
contracts, and mat students will know 
before the decision is made so they can 
voice an opinion? Or d6es "govern" 
mean allocating student space? What is 
the real difference in philosophy behind 
the "University Centers" at UCLA and 
Berkeley, which are rumored to be 
owned by their AS's but are really owned 
by the UC Regents like everything else? 

The lssue is being railroaded to avoid 
these questions. The Guardian has 
already told you how the Student Center 
Board has spent a lot of money to push 
this referendum. They have printed 
fancy ·unbiased" pamphlets to encourge 
you to vote for the UniverSity Center. 
We are told we do nOt have to stan 
paying until groundbreaking. You're 
graduating in a year; why nOt vOte for it, 
if you will not have to pay for it? Why 
vote at all , If you are not thinking of It 
as somethmg you would have to 

WHAT'S THE 
DIFFERENCEl 
The difference: A Written 

Guarantee, We have slUdent 
discounts, and evening hou rS, 

jLlst like many other shops. But, 
unlike othefs, we back up all our 

work in writing. If, after we've cut, 
PE=rmed, or colored your hair, you're 
not completely happy, c~1I ~s within 

seven days. We'll redo your h.air at no 
extra charge. That's a big difference. 

9AM to 9PM Mon . • Tues . • Wed . • Thurs. 
9AM to 7PM Fri . • 9AM to 6PM Sat. 

.. lAiR 
Gi=\APFliCS 

La Jolla Vii/age Convenience Center 
Next to Ralphs and Sdv-On 

457-3334 

contribute your $25 per quarter to. 
Presentations to studenr orga nizations 
emphasize the high costs and 
increasing inflation , implying that if you 
do not vote yes now, there will never be 
anything more than we have now. It 's 
now or never. We do not see the other 
colleges planned for UCSD popping up 
because inflation is going to prevent 
any building projects in the future . We 
do not see the administration building a 
parking complex in anticipation of 
increased COSt in building that son of 
structure, but UCSD is running out of 
space to put more asphalt. Nothing is 
now or never. And our questiOns remain 
unanswered . In addition, the use of 
student fees to push one side or any 
other referendum would be a serious 
campaign violation , but not this one. 

The members of the Women's 
Resource Center are also offended by 
the way this campaign has been 
handled and question whether other 
organizations have had the same 
experience. We refused to take a public 
position on the referendum when 
Tommy Tucker asked if we would be on 
the list of endorSing organizations. He 

\# The Duelist 

• 

asked if we had withdrawn our proposal 
for space three times, while we said that 
we had not , but that we just did not 
want' to be involved in the politics 
surrounding the referendum. About 40 
minutes later, one of our staff members 
was told at the General Store, "So, I hear 
you've withdrawn your request for 
space." We will not be threatened into 
endorSing the University Center as it 
now stands. If we must take a pOSition, 
we will vote NO. 

We would like to encourage you to 
think carefully and vote for the 
University Center you want and not 
allow yourself to be coerced . 

Editor. 

Barbara HopkJns 
Women's Resource Center 

All of us here at UCSD have the 
opportunity this week to shift student 
life on this campus Significantly. 

As a commuter student, 1 experienced 
during my first few months here a sense 
of alienation from other students and 
isolation from the institution which 
prescribed my leaming experience. 

please rum (0 page 10 

Dead stones in 
a living language 
By CHRISTOPHER CANOLE 

Standing in the stone quany of 
Carrara he waited for the sunrise, that 
brief moment when the light striking the 
stone walls would penetrate and reflect 
back as if being illummated by an 
internal source, revealing the soul of the 
stone. The glistening sweat on his broad 
shoulders carried the morning light 
down his heavily veined translucent 
forearms to the scarred yet delicately 
pOIsed hands of one whose soul was in 
a physical communion with the earth; 
he was a sculptor. 

From the high mountain and from a 
great ruin 

Hidden and circumscribed by a greac 
rock. 

I desce nded 10 discover myself in chIS pit, 
Against my wilt in such a stoneyard. 
When IVlth the ~Ull I was bom. 

Michelangelo, 1528 
Standing on the grassy plain south o f 

Cluster Library, su rrounded by a parking 
lot filled with Porsche Carreras, he 
directed the crane operator to lower an 
industrial, precut New Hampshire 
granite block into position atop another 
lifeless grey cube. Like a movie producer 
whose main purpose is hustling the 
money and coordinating the project, 
this person who claims to be a sculptor 
said, "I don't just design something and 
leave it for someone else to construct. I 
involve myself in every pan of the 
process. That's really what evetything I 
do is involved with - the process and 
the site ." A sculptor IS not one who just 
likes to get "involved" in the process , a 
sculptor "is" the process. 

As to his claiming to be sensitive to 
the site where his "La Jolla Project 1983-
198-+" is located, one need only look to 
the mutilated lawn area III the center of 

rl~{"t: lurn [0 pagt: 11 

Caught in a Bind? 
, p 

Kinko's is there 
for that last 
minute copy job. 

8855 Villa La Jolla Dr. 
(Ralphs/Sav-On Shopping Center) 

M-Th.8-8 
Fri. 8-6 
Sat. 10-5 
Sun. 12-5 



.. 

Referendum commentary 

Who is in control here? 
appoinled students and administrators 
wou ld start to plan and build the new 
student center. 

What will happen if the referendum 
is not passed? It will come up agam , but 
this time one hopes in the form of a 
concre te proposal (i.e" students will 
have a direct say in such things as 
finanCing, projected increases, and 
proposed location , size and style) , If 
necessary to ensure you, the finanCier, 
the maximum possible input, these 
proposals should be presented for a vote 
at important stages in the planning. 

By ROBYN ARDIES 
The referendum up for a Vote all this 

wet'k (Monday - Fnday) is an ilI-
conceived "rush Job" to get you to 
virtually hand over $8.5 million of your 
and your peers' money for a 
"conceptual" student center The slick 
pamphlets you might have been seeing 
around campus, put out by the Plannmg 
Committee and the tudent Center 
Board (the only information the PC and 
SCB have proVided for students who 
will be voting), tell you that "your 
University Center," "a functional and 
sophisticated faCility ," "is finally bemg 
presented to the entire student 
population: The fact is there are no 
plans, The administrators and students 
involved opted for a "conceptual" 
referendum out of many difTerent 
options to present co the students , 
which means that they can plan as they 
go once they get your money. This was 
a mistake. There are better ways of 
presenting the referendum , and 
therefore this referendum should fail 
and another should be presented to the 
student body at a later date . 

By state law, the University 
Administration cannot use student 
money to construct campus buildings 
without student "permission." This is 
the purpose of the referendum. The 
Admintstration needs your permission 
m the form of a yes" vote to be able to 
begin the process of construction, 

If the referendum were to pass, the 
finanCing scenario would be something 
hke thiS: The ChanceUor would go to 
the UC Regents and ask them to float 

some bonds. A loan 1V0uid be made to 
the students to enable construction to 
start. On groundbreakll1g, a $25 fee per 
student per quarter would be assessed, 
and With the alm~t $1 mllion per year 
In revenue thts would generate, we 
1V0uid start to pay intere t on the 

Regents loan. (The UC Regents earned 
mtllions of dollars of mterest on the last 
loan they gave us for our current student 
center, and some dubious financial 
arrangements occurred when student 
center money was used to bail a 
cafeteria debt. ) Then , a group of 

Referendum commental)' 

As it stands now, only seven students 
will have a say in the planning and 
development, and this in the context of 

plc«,c tum to pag" 22 

For a sense of community 
By JOHN ELLIOTT 

SO what is this University Center, 
anyway? 

A University Center provides services 
and activities to the UniverSity 
community. It serves as a focal point for 
interaction among students, staff. faculty , 
alumni and VIsitors to the campus. 

UCSD does not have a viable 
University Center. We have before us 
the opportunity to create such a Center. 
In ovember of 1983, Chancellor 
Atkinson appOinted the UniverSity 
Center Programming/Building Advisory 
Committee (UCP/ BAC). It was an action 
designed to "stimulate thoughtful 
consideration about innovative programs 
and facilities that might be developed to 

enhance the quality of life enjoyed by aU 
who reside, study or work" at UCSD. 

The UCP/ BAC sought input from aU 
interested constituents, groups and 
individuals. For the next six months, 
meeting schedules and agendas for the 
UCP/ BAC and its nine subcommittees 
were regularly announced . All meetings 
were informal and open. Discussion was 
often heated and controversial. It is 
important to nore that the final proposal 
before the UCP / BAC - the proposal 
now before you - was unanimously 
accepted. 

In the consideration of how best to 
expand facilities, the UCP/ BAC sought 
to identify and define programs, 

services and activities renecting 
standards of the highest quality, those 
that would best enhance the intellectual, 
cultural, social, and recreational life of 
the campus community. 

The committee recognized that 
educational experiences, by definition, 
must extend beyond the classroom and 
laboratory. This Center is dedicated to 
the development of all aspects of human 
individuality. 

UCSD is already an excellent academic 
institution . Without a sense of campus 
community it cannot become an excellent 
university. With passage of the University 
Center Referendum, we will begin to fill 
the present void in a UCSD education. 

---UNIVERSITY CENTER REFERENDUM--
MAY 21-25 

The AS Council, The Student Center Board and 
The University Center Planning/Building Advisory Committee 

request your support. 

A yes vote will buy: 
a general purpose lounge 
a 600 seat theater 
a cultural center 
24-hour food service 
a post office 
an expanded Women's Resource Center 
a photography darkroom 
a multipurpose room for 2000 
A TM banking services 
a browsing library lounge 
8 student meeting rooms 
outdoor patio! dining space 
check cashing services 
increased & improved media space 
typing, copying and computer terminal facilities 
a student information center 
at least tripled student co-op floor space 
a quiet lounge 
additional recreational facilities 
a box office 
more than doubled student organization space 
surrounding recreational landscaping 
and much more 

Please Vote 
r---- Polls will be open--, 

Monday - Thursday 
10:00 am ' 4:00 pm 

Friday 
10:00 am ' 1:00 pm 

,------- Polling Places: -----, 
Revelle Plaza 
Gym Steps 
Middle of Muir 
Peterson Hall 
Cashier's Office 
Pool 
Biomed Library 
(Monday & Tuesday 10 - 4 only) 

Don't take your unitJersity center for granted. This is your opportunity to enchance the 
20% of the stuaent population must vote. quality of student life at UCSD. 

No fee increase until groundbreaking (18 months) 

TOGETHER WE CAN MAKE A DIFFERENCE!---

The Bigwigs 
on the University Center 
By LISA LAPIN 

V oting begins this week on the controversial University Center referendum. For the fee of $25 a quarter many students are concerned 
about who will run the center, what It will contain and 
if they will truly get their money's worth. These student 
doubts are understandable and obvious, yet what have 
not yet been heard are the opinions of the people who 
know UCSD and have been here the longest - the 
administrators, professors and UCSD founders. 

The opinions of the "bigwigs" vaty, and all find 
different needs for the center to fulfill . SuppOrt for the 
project is positive and nearly unanimous among those 
interviewed by the Guardian this week. The following 
are their comments. 

Muir John Stewart was on the 
Center planning committee. 

$327 
$409 
$330 
$479 
$389 
$409 

LONDON 
MADRID 
IUIIICII 

John Stewan, Provost, Muir College, and Muir College 
founding father. 

In 1967, when Muir College was created, UCSD had 
a small enrollment. "We didn't feel the need for a 
Center," said Stewart, Stewart feels that a University 
Center will be of no harm to the current college 
system. "It wll! be complementary, nOt competition ." 
Very much in favor of the project, Stewart said, "It will 
provide additional gathering space for commuter 
students, and for minority and foreign students co 
mingle." 
Richard Atkinson, Chancellor, UCSD, 1981-present. 

Atkinson places the University Center as a "high 
priority" and is providing the administrative backing 
for the projecl. In early April , Atkinson publicly 
announced that he would commit $3 million in 
administrative monies to the Center. Recently, it has 
been found that students will be requested to assist in 
raiSing two of the promised millions. Atkinson 
mentions rapid enrollment growth as a major reason 
for needing the new complex. ' Our facility growth has 
been reaUy slow in comparison." As does Stewart, the 
ChanceUor sees a need to accommodate commuters. 
' We are a campus of 60% commuter students and no 
place for them to sit: 
Ernie Mon, Dean, Revelle College 

Mort has dealt with students for many years at 
UCSD. Once a religious coordinator, he has been on 
campus since the late '60s. "I served on the first 
committee in 1967 when we planned a much larger 
center - we hoped it would be the beginning of a 
much larger unit" Mort feels that a new UniverSity 
Center wiU enhance student life and enrich programs, 
mainly by providing more space. "We are much larger 
than we planned to be." The present Student Center, 
that may house media and some co-ops when the new 
center is built, was expected to be much larger, said 
Mon. "Muir and Revelle were expected to each have 
3,000 students." An interesting point was brought up 
by Mort when asked if he felt the referendum passage 
was feaSible. "With the reduction of student fees next 
year, the students wiU not feel the pinch." Student fees 
are expected to decrease by at least $70 this year. The 
proposed referendum would cost students $75 a year. 
Paul Salnnan, Professor, Biology, past Revelle Provost 

Saltman is aware of the California State Legislature 
ruling that no non-academic money can come from 
government sources. "Unless the students pay for it, 
UCSD will never get a University Center. The state will 
never pay for it." Salt man, however, noted a pro~lem 
apparent with both students and facuity: lack of 
involvement. "I am reaUy not involved in the process 
and haven't heard that much about il." Salt man does 
support the project, feeling that it is a necessity , "This 

Roger Revelle feels that a new University Center is 
needed." 

univer5'ity lacks the amenities a student needs. It would 
be a great addition to the quality of campus life ." 

He~en York, Professor, Physics, Acting Provost, 
Revelle, UCSD Chancellor 1964-68 

York felt that the main need for space on campus is 
in the area of fa~ulty amenities, "We need some kind 
of faculty and staff center, places for visiting lecturers 
and conference rooms." So far, none of York's 
recommendations are included in the University 
Center plans, or in the brochure that most students, 
but not faculty, have received. "We reaUy need a wide 
variety of different centers," said York, seeing many 
diverse interests that need space and representation . 
Chips Dreilinger, Dean, Muir College 

Dreilinger enthusiasticaUy supports the UniverSity 
Center. At UCSD for five years, he says that a Center is 
"long overdue." "It will improve life for commuter 
students, which amount to two-thirds of the 
University," said Dreilinger, echoing earlier comments 
by Atkinson and Stewart. 
Roger Revelle, Professor Emeritus, Director, Scripps 
Institute of Oceanography, UCSD founder 

"I'm sure it's a good thing," Revelle said of the 
proposed facility. "Anything that will bring the students 
and faculty together - that will give them a place to 
communicate and interact - is badly needed at this 
university." When asked if the proposed student center 
would succeed in bringing students and faculty 
together, Revelle said, "It will certainly help." 

•• * 

Also contributing to this story were Sean Wagstaff, 
Christopher Can ole and Phil Willon. 

Fa:mily 
Planning: 
a choice, -I-~ - ~ 
a responsibility 

Roundtrip 
From 

$583 
$778 
$549 
$699 
$758 
$778 

California's finest and most e}(perienced family planning 
network, offering concerned prolessional care for women 
tince 1969. , . 

el'llD pn~D.a;J' __ ., 
with results while you wait 

e Unplanned pregnancy/ 
general or local anestheSia 

e Birth control 
e GynecolOgical exa.ms 

Eurail Passes 18sued on the Spot! 
•

• lVmJly PItmning 
A.uocitJta MdcaJ Group 

Call COUNOL TRAVEL (CIEE) 
452·0630 UCSD lud~nl LL'nll'r B .. ()21 L.. Jolld . CA '12093 

SAN DIEGO 
6495 Alvarado Rd. 

(8lt) .S'-I •• 8 
confidenUal- profe •• ional- affordable 



A message from the president 
Dear students, 

As your elected officials, we would like to shine some 
light on the issue of the university center. 

First of all some background. Your votes are what put us 
and related student government representatives into office. 
The individual governing bodies (ASUCSD, college 
councils , SMC, co-ops &: enterprises) appOint 
representatives to the all student planning and bugetary 
body known as the Student Center Board (SCB). These are 
your representatives voting on issues according to your 
concerns. The SCB developed and organized an advisory 
committee this past year, known as the University Center 
Program and Building Advisory Committee (UCPBAC). 
UCPBAC thru board and open student involvement, 
guided ~y the survey you students (2000 plus) completed , 
has developed a plan for a university center. The issue that 
lies before you is not a question of the inadequacies of this 
process , for it has been purely for and by students from its 
inception, but rather do you students want a university 
center. The next phase of this process is to acquire student 
approveal through a referendum and furthennore acquire 
student committment to a university center. This 
referendum has not been opposed by any student 
organization on this campus. Without your commitment 
the possibility dies. 

Please put your faith in your elected and appOinted 
officials. We have been involved from the project's 
inception and have made it our responsibility to be 
infonned. Antagonism to the university center possibility 
comes from nebulous paranoia. Please don't allow the 
concerns of a very small group of predominantly non-
students which are not even recognized as a valid student 
organization, encrouch the growth of our university. Take 
the lead prOvided to you by your elected representatives 
and endorse the proposed university center with a yes 
vote. You can vote this week only. 

Thank you for your time , 
Marc Boroditsky, AS President 
Mary Rose Alexander, Vice-President 

Celebration of Women Artists 
The UCSD Women's Resource Center and the Visual 

Arts Department are proud to announce the "Celebration of 
Women Artists" featuring a diverse group of: artists, 
painters, photographers and perfonners. Thursday and 
Friday, May 31 and June 1. 10 am to 5 pm on the North 
Lawn of Revelle Plaza. For more infonnation call x20n. 

Women anists: do you want exposure? Do you want 
recognition? Sign up at the Women's Resource Center or caU 
2023 to display and perform your an for Women Anists 
Week May 31 &. June 1 on Revelle Plaza. 

The ASUCSD toasts all the people who 
made the First Annual Semi-Formal a 

magnificient success! 
Thank You Josie 

Attention 
All Student 
Organizations 
First 5 Weeks Budget info: 
- Budget requests are due by 4:30 pm on 
Friday, May 25 (this Friday). 
- Hearings, May 28 thru May 30. Times to be 
Announced ... 
Check in Marietta's Office for hearing times ... Any 
questions please call x4083 or come to the Student 
Organizations Office . 
Note: Do not forget Bizarre Bazaar!!f!!f 
It is scheduled for October 12!!!!f! 

Infonnation from ASIO 
The Associated Students Internship Office is available 

for advice and help on cover letters and resumes. Come to 
our office for information and guidelines. 

Applications are now being accepted for director 
positions for the next academic year. See Lisa Sarasohn for 
more infonnation . Corne share the experience of running 
an internship office. 

ASIO would like to thank all those who volunteered their 
services and time to help make our Sun God booth a 
success. Special thanks to Safeway and Counesy Liquors of 
University City and Boneys of Del Mar for their 
contributions. Keep up the good work, the Washington 
Interns appreciate your help! 

Join the staff of L'Chayim 
L'Chayim will be holding an organizational meeting for 

next faU's edition. Friday, May 25 at 3 pm in the Media 
Center (upstairs in the student center) or give us a call at 
452-3616. We need : writers, typesetters, artists 
(cartoonists, etc.), production staff and advertising sales 
people. 

Get involved in the nuclear issue 
Students for the Prevention of Nuclear War will meet on 

Wednesday, May 23 at 5 pm in Peterson Hall 104. We will 
hear Bob Livingston's "Beyond War" presentation. Nuclear 
war is inevitable only if you ignore the threat! 

Trivial Pursuit butIet this -week 
ReNU, a student organization which addresses 

the academic and social needs and desires of re-
entry students who have been out of school for at 
least five years, is having a Trivial Pursuit buffet 
Friday, May 25 from 5 to 9 pm in the International 
Center. We will supply a light buffet so all you need 
is a beverage (alcohol is permitted). Hope to see you 
there. 

1m L 
Friday,]une 1 is the LAST DAY 
to purchase Spring 1984 AS 
Lecture Notes! 

Eio 1 
Bio 3 
Bio 101 
Chern 6B 
Chern 6C 
Chern 6C 
Chern 140B 
Comm/SF 100 
Physics 2C 
Poli Sci 12 

Pinon 
Woodruff 
Friedkin 
Wurrey 
Marti 
Oesterreicher 
Kyte 
Hallin 
Stem 

Cowh~ 

$900 
$900 
$1000 
$900 
$900 
$900 
$1000 
$1000 
$900 
$900 

You will receive all back issues. Be prepared for Finals! 
The LNS Office is located in the Student Center right across 
from the Food Coop at x6238. Open Monday-Friday from 
9 to 3 pm. If you are interested in being a note taker for next 
quarter, come by and put in your application NOW! 

This Week's International Fireside 
The continuing series in current international topics 

presents "Women: Status and Rights in the Middle East" 
with Dr. Mounira Charrad, UCSD Professor of Sociology. 

\ Tuesday, May 22 at 7:30 pm. Free admission. Free 
refreshments. All discussions held in the UCSD 
International Center Lounge. (200 yards east of Mandeville 
Auditorium) Gilman Drive and Hutchison Way. Sponsored 
by the UCSD International Club - International Center 
452-3730. 

Get your Stanley Kaplan's right here! 
Get ready for the 2nd Stanley Kaplan Auction. 

Wednesday, May 23 at noon on the Revelle Plaza. Our last 
buyer saved $75.00 on his MCAT! Sponsored by Pre-Law 
Education Association. 

Red, White and Blue Day 
Friday, May 25, 1984 

Wear red, white and blue to show your support 
for the American prinicples of Liberty, Freedom, 

and Individuality 

KSDT ... your campus radio station is 
looking for creative minds. Students 
looking for media experience this 
summer should drop by the station 
Thursday between 10 and 12 pm for 
more details. 

. 

The AS is looking for a few 
great people for the following 
positions ... 
Lobby Annex Director 
AS Representative to Student Center Board 
2 Representatives to Activity Fee Board 
(Immediately) 
Media Board Representatives. Speak to Ken CarifIe 
Appointments & Evaluations Commission 
Commuter Life Board 

Attention Alternative Medias 
Submit budgets to Ken Cariffe, 

Commissioner of Communications 
now for review. 

MEChA Graduation Committee Meeting 
Chicano/ Mexicano/ and Latino students who are 

graduating between winter 1984 and winter 1985 are 
welcome to participate in a Spanish graduation ceremony. 
The graduation committee is planning this ceremony to 
proceed the college graduations on June 17, 1984. Seniors 
interested in participating in the planning of and/ or in the 
ceremony may contact the MEChA office at 452-4994 care 
of Virginia Murillo. 

Presidential candidates debate 
The Economics &: Management Science Students' 

Association (EMSSA) is sponsoring a debate on the 
preSidential candidates , to be held in the North 
Conference Room in the student center TOMORROW 
May 22 at 4:30 pm. Dr. Conlisk will mediate the debat~ 
between Dr. Bear, Dr. Heller, and Dr. Kaufman. 
Refreshments will be provided. 

Rock out with the Simple Minds 
KSDT 95.7 FM cable, 540 AM at UCSD dorms, and 

Southland Concerts present a imp Ie Minds Video 
Extraordi nai reo One and a half hours oflive conceptual and 
never b rore een videos of the inimitable Simple Minds. 
Free, Friday, May 25 a t the UC 0 Pub at 7:30 pm. Posters 
and albums to be given away, plus a grand prize of two 
passes to the live gig on May 16 at the Fox Theatre . 



.l ~ . . 

10 M.JY 21 , 1984 
OPINION 

. ,.'~'~~~ .* .......... ~.~. :<:~;.;. :,,',,~ ~ ~~x. ~.~x.~- :-~... .. 

ll<eilit<elf~ll<eilit®lf~ll®ilit®lf~n®1t1t®lf~n<e1t~<err~n<eilitl 
~<elf~lettersll®ilit®lf~n®~®lf~ll~~~®lf~n®~~®lf~ 

lf~ll<e~<elf~ll<efrfr<elf~ll<e1tfr<err~ll<efrfr<elf~ll®frfr<elf~llce 
ll®~fr<elf~ll<e;fr~celf~ll®~fr®lf~n®frfr®rr~ll®frfrcerr~ll<eilit, 

have control in all of this if they 
participate. 

The Programming and Building 
AdVISOry Committee for these new 
facilities is composed of seven student 
voting members and five faculty and 
staff vOling members. However, any 
student can have direct InpUt into the 
planning process. All Committee 
meetings are open and your input is 
actively sought for. 

"mtlnu"d jrolll page 5 
I soon discovered the tudent Co-ops 

and other organizations of the tudent 
Center which satisfied my desire to 
grow and learn . A class like Math 2C 
has its intellectual benefits, to be sure, 
but working with Olher students, 
expenmenting with cooperation , 
organizing leadership and developing 
skills of communication IS what I want 
now, because these are the skills I will 
need out there in the "real" world. 

The present Student Center proVides 
an opportunity for students to create 
and experiment with innovative 
student-run organizations. The fa!.:t that 
so many students spend so many 
volunteer hours in these organizations is 
proof enough of the benefit but only a 
relatively small fraction of the student 
body now takes advantage of this 
opportunity. 

Also, the vast majority of the 
University population goes off campus 
to find restaurants and entertainment. 
Students are fractured into groups which 
fail to interact dunng the school year. 
Some indIVIdual student leaders use 
student apathy as an explanation for 
student life here at UCSD rather than 
demonstrate a commitment towards 

facilitating student interest and 
participation. A sense of community is 
blatantly lacking on this campus. The 
Student Ce nter can answer these 
problems and the present facilities are 
tOo limited to serve the entire UCSD 
community. 

A tudent Referendum is being 
sponsored by the Student Center Board 
from May 21 to May 25 in order to 
request a student commitment to new 
rudent Center facihties. The 

referendum asks students to approve or 
disapprove of a $25 per quarter increase 
in their Student Center Fee in order 
that the planning for new construction 
may begin . The proposal so far Includes 
a variety of student spaces and services 
from a movie theater to restaurants to 
student lounges to an expanded General 
Store Co-op, for example. There is no 
doubt in anyone's mind that these 
facilities are desperately needed . I 
personally recommend that you vote 
"Yes" and approve this referendum. 

Many students are interested in who 
determines what happens to these 
student monies, how the final architect's 
plan will look, and who will control the 
use of these facilities after they are 
completed . The answer is that students 

On e the new facilities are 
constructed, its management will 
specifically be under the purview of the 
existing Student Center Board which 
consists of nine student voting members 
and represents all four colleges, the Co-
ops, Graduate Students, Sl<AC and the 
Associated Students. If you are 
concerned with how much control 
students will have in the future , the 
answer lies in how much students will 
be willing to panicipate and assert 
control over their facilities. 

1 he key is participation. Your 
willingness to become involved and 
determine the quality of student life on 
this campus for yourself and future 
students makes all the difference in 
what the UCSD campus experience is 
all about. Even if you are leaving soon, 
be responsible for future students -
what you do today sets the stage for the 
next generation of students. 1nform 
yourself about the Student Center and 
this referendum. Democracy works only 
when you panicipate. Ask questions , 
vote and participate. 

Ted Herzog 
Co-op Representative 

What is UlyTomlin doing in Steve Martin's body? 
When rich, eccentric Edwina Cutwater died, 

a crazy guru tried to transport her 
soul into the body of a 

beautiful young woman. 
But the guru goofed. 

And Edwina's 80ul has 
accidentally taken over 

the entire right side 
of her lawyer, 
Roger Cobb. 

He still controls 
what's left. 

Now, Edwina and Roger 
are living together-

in the same body. 
He's losing his job. 

He's losing his girlfriend, 
And hejust can't seem to get 

her out of his system. 
No matter how hard 

he tries. 

. LILY TOMLIN 

•• A STEPHEN FRIElYAAN Production A CARL REINER film "ALL OF MEN 
5!QiLng VlaORIA TENNANT as Terry Hoskins I S<reen~oy by PHIL ALDEN ROBINSON Adaptation by HENRY OLEK 

Based on the novel "ME TWO" by ED IY\VIS Mu~c by PATRICK WILLIAMS 
AS5()(iate Producer PHIL ALDEN ROBINSON Produced by STEPHEN FRIEDMAN Directed by CARL REINER 

;I~:O~! ~ A UNIV~R~1 ,~.~!eos..e 

FREE SCREENING 
Courtesy of Kodak 

THURSDA~MAY24TH 
8:00PM 

Seating i, on 8 first come.. firSI admltl.::t be,ll 

MANDEVILLE AUDITORIUM 
.pon~redbV 

UNIVERSITY EVENTS ftFFICE 
UNIVERSITY OF CAUI"OfINiAiiANDIEGO 

---- --- -------------------------~ 

Editor: 
It is a shame that while many seem to 

support the idea of a new University 
Center, the quality of existing school 
facilities is diminishing markedly. 

LaSt weekend I needed to see a nurse 
at the Health Center, but alas, I found a 
rather discreet note on the door 
advising aU registered UCSD students (0 
come back the following Monday. No 
telephone recording at the Health 
Center informed me of this "change" 
prior to my departi ng, and as far as 
EDNA was concerned , the on-call, 24-
hour nurse was still available. Of course, 
the little note mentioned , you could go 
to the Scripps Hospital emergency room 
"for a fee." Out of curiosity (and 
desperation) I inquired about the fee 
and learned it to be at least $60.00. "Do 
you have insurance?" the receptionist 
asked. (I wasn't told there that I was 
entitled to SLIP IStudent Limited 
Insurance Plan!. which would , have 
covered the expenses and enabled me 
to get treated right away.) 

And what about other fa.cilities? 
Haven't some of us been late to a class 
in H&SS and, to our great 
disappointment. found there to be no 
seats left? Overenrollment? No. Just a 
good number of the seats are broken off 
or missing. (They don't make bad 
cushions, though, if you like your 
lectures oriental style.) _ 

SOLUTION ONE: "Get sick on a 
weekday, nimrod!" 

SOLUTION TWO: "Go to class early, 
jerk!" 

please IU n1 co page 1 I 

Unlim. train travel: 16 countries 
$290: one month youth pass 

$260: 1S-day first class 
ISSUED ON THE SPOT 
Call for Free Brochure 

COUNCIL TRAVEL 
452-0630 

UCSD Student Center B-023 
La Jolla, CA. 92093 

SYNTRO CORPORATION 
SYNTRO, a biotechnology com-
pany with a primary focus on the 
use of recombinant DNA for agri-
cultural purposes, is expanding its 
activities. SYNTRO offers an ideal 
environment for talented indivi-
dua ls [Q do creative science and 
offers competitive salaries and 
fringe benefits. 

Excellent opportunities exist at all 
levels for: 

MOLECULAR BIOLOGISTS 
NUCLEIC ACID SEQUENCERS 
FERMENTATION MICROBIOLOGISTS 

Please send a resume and the names 
of references to: 

Persunnel Dircc:toT 
SYNTRO CORPORATION 
10655 Sorrento Valley Road 
San Diego, CA 92121 

AN LQl AL OI'I'0R II NlfY LMI'LUYLR 

RECRUITMENT DAY 
May 22 

Career Planning & Placement 
l058 Humanities Library 

n<efrfr<err~n<efdtcerr~llceilit®lf~n®frfr®rr~ll<etill<err~ll<efdt 
fr®rr~lettersn<e~~<err~ll<e~<err~ll<efrfr<err~n®fr~®rrl 

rr~ll®ilit®rr~llceili:t<err~llce;frfr®rr~ll®~®rr~ll®~1tcerr~n~ 
ll®frfrcerr~ll<ett~<err~n~~<err~n®frfr®rr~llcefrfr<err~n®frQ 
w 'lIII1U,'<! jr'IIII I'dgC II 

Unlucky for me, I won 't be here when 
and if this new, sLUdelll-body-
strengthening facility is completed. But 
if I could, I tell you I'd SLOp complaining 
and go into the specialized games room 
and forgel all my troubles with a game 
of ping pong, Afterwards I'd have a 
chocolate shake at the new fast food 
facility and all would be hunky-dory. 

My illness could wait till Monday, 
when I can afford it, and I'd spend that 
saved money on a pOrtable desk to 
bring LO lecture. 

Oh yeah, and I'd be sure to thank the 
University Center Programming/Building 
AdviSOry Committee and their 
supporters for making me "a complete 
individual." 

Editor: 

Here's to making a difference 
Cheryl Sawyer 

In its 20-year history, through five 
Presidemial elections, UCSD has been 
virtually forgotten in the political arena. 
No more. Andrea Hart, daughter of 
Colorado Senator Gary Hart, will speak 
on the UCSD campus in Revelle Plaza, 
Tuesday, May 22, at noon. In her first 
San Diego rally, Andrea will be 
addressing the issues pertinent to her 
falher's campaign. She will also hold a 
question and answer session 
immediately following the rally. 

We feel UCSD has been far too 
removed from the American political 
system. Aside from endorsing her 
father's candidacy, and because this 
event will be receiving national press 
coverage, we hope that Andrea's. 
appearance will enhance UCSD's 
political viability in not only this 
campaign, but in all future elections. 

Editor: 

David Goosenberg 
Anne LeMay-Bowman 

Students With Han - UCSD 

Here are some paning thoughts from 
a graduating senior. 

I know I'm reaUy graduating when the 
schedule comes out and I don't have to 
buy one. I had a strong clue though, 
back in March, when for the 'first time 

in five years I casually watched the 
finanCIal aid and scholarship deadlines 
pass. 

Have you ever been walking down a 
school path and suddenly you know it's 
behind you. You can hear it and it's 
getting louder. You maintain your cool 
and continue walking in a straight line. 
Whoosh, it passes. Once again , you and 
the vehicle driver or rider have used 
your acute navigational skills 10 avoid a 
collision, I half-kiddingly propose that 
this skill be recognized, A prize for 
agility could go to graduates who have 
made it through without being hit by a 
skateboard, bike or FM truck. All drivers 
of those vehicles who have never 
collided with anyone could receive a 
prize for excellence in maneuverability. 

I wonder what the numbers would be 
like? Better yet, students who 
successfully pass this course in self-
preservation could be given a few 
quarter units in independent study or 
PE. As for the adroit faculty and staff, 
each department and college could POSt 
a sign which would boast " --- DAYS 
WITHOUT AN ACCIDENT." The 
competition would be healthy for 
everyone. 

Whoever wrote their initials on the 
woodcarving of John Muir is sick, If you 
have an uncontrollable urge to write on 
something, why do you pick the one 
piece of art which makes a sea of 
concrete bearable? 

What is the concrete form outside the 
Facilities Management office at Gilman 
and Rupertus? Is it functional? Is it 
sculpture? Maybe it was left by a long 
ago construction crew - a mini-version 
of an askew overpass support, Does 
anyone know? 

Why aren't there any full-time female 
professors in AMES? 

I'd like to thank the bright person 
who, some time in the last year, moved 
the stop sign from the middle of the 
sidewalk over to the side of the walk at 
the comer between Peterson Hall and 
APM. Before it was moved, there were 
times when I was lost in thought and 
had to do some faster than 
breakdancing moves to avoid leaVing 
pan of my face on that sign. Thanks 
again. 

Corinna Hall 

Dead stones 
coruinucd from page 5 
the "Project" to see the effects of his 
sensitivity. Cleverly, he attempts to 
justify quarrying a massive area out of 
the lawn for the purpose of decorating 
the barren areas around the gaudy 
granite and reseeding the scar by calling 
it a "Sod Plane." Why then is the new 
"Sod Plane" indistinguishable from the 
grass that once grew there? Sensitivity to 
a site requires time and understanding 
of the physical characteristiCS. for a 
sculptor does not just alter materials to 
fit their needs, a sculptor must 
understand the internal nature of the 
materials being used. 

How can someone claim to be a 
sculptor when his main instrument of 
contact with the massive granite stone is 
a tin ruler he uses for placement of the 
precut sections, which you can purchase 
for any building site? Had this person 
taken the time to quarry the blocks, 
rough cut the general shape , and sand 
the surface himself he might have 
discovered the soul of the stone that 
any real sculptor respects. For a 
sculpture is not jusl a man's fantasy, it is 
a being unto itself. born from a 
sculptor'S hands and the earth's body. 

This person says his "a n" is classical 
in nature, because It refers to ancient 

ruins . Here at UCSD we are trained to 
recognize a cliche when we see one, 
which is easily done by exiting the 
library and heading south. Do we need 
a slick recreation of the ruins of 
Stonehenge or the Greeks to 
contemplate the futility of man? Shall we 
have pride in a large public statement 
that UCSD is outdated and lies in ruins? 

Perhaps he was referring to the 
"classical" an tradition of 
apprenticeship? Had any art, student 
been invited to "get involved" in this 
project, he could have learned how to 
CUt up and sod roll grass or move a ten-
ton granite block three l'!1illimeters. 

I must admit that the lawn area has 
become more populated since the 
installation of these building blocks , but 
any form of seating and sunny days 
might yield the same result. 

Those who are responsible for the 
monies and installation of this famous 
person's "La Jolla Project 1983-1984," 
which seems in its tide to include both 
binh and death dates, might heed the 
words of MIchelangelo: "Fame holds the 
epitaphs in position; it goes neither 
forward or backward. for they are dead 
and their work is finished ," Let us hope 
fame is enough to hold these blocks in 
place, 

Guardian Eledlons 
Guardian Eledions 

. I 
The following positions will be open to all UCSD students. Any qualified 

persons are encouraged to apply. 
IN ADDmON TO OTH.R DunES. THUE POSmONS ENTAIL. 

EDITOR-IN-CHI.". ResponSible for the avera II oper ... 
tion, con~nt and formet of ~ UCSO 
Guardian. Chooses (upon approval) the '84-
'85 Executive Staff and approves hiring of staff 
writers, photographers, illustrators and 
contributing editors, Presides over Execu~ 
and Editorial boards and conducts all 
meetings. Represents the newspaper on 
campus and in the community. 

MANAGING EDI1OR. Responsible for the efficient pro-
ruction of the newspaper. Establishes and 
enforces all deadlines. Supervises '¥uts to 
ensure they conform to standards of format. 
Establishes and maintains intemship and 
group study programs. Assumes the duties of 
the Editor-in-Chi~ in hisjher absence. 

COPY EDITOR. Responsible for editing for grammar, 
punctuation, content and style all articles 
submitted for publication. Also responsible for 
insuring no libelous and/or tas~Jess mat~al 
reaches pubHcation. 

NIIWS mITOR. Determines areas of coverage and i~ 
sures adequate coverage of newsworthy 
events at UCSO. Must develop a full writing 
staff and maintain a file of pubMshed stories. 

OPINION .DITOR. Responsible for the page devoted to 
the tree expression of ideas. Must be able to 
accommodate all political/religious/moral 
persuasions. Must maintain a file of published 
stories. 

SPORTS EDITOR. Responsible for covering sports on 
campus and when appropriate, the 
community. Must clevelop own writing staff 
and maintain a tile of published stories. 

ARTS mtTOR. Responsible for covering the arts on 
campus and when appropriate, the 
community. Must clevelop own writing staff 
and maintain a file of published stories. 

fEATURU EDITOR. Responsible for articles of human/ 
general interest that are not appropriate for 
news, sports, opinion or arts section. Must 
develop own writing staff and maintain a "'e 
of published stories. 

PHOTO EDITOR: Responsible for developing a compe--
tent staff of photographers and organizing an 
efficient system for assigning and processing of 
photographs. Must maintain an organized file 
of published photographs, 

OTHER. Applicants are IlVelcome to create their own pos-
itions provided that they would be 
appropriate to the needs of the '84-'85 staff as 
deemed by the new Editor-in-Chi~. 

ALL APPLICANTS MUST BE RESPONSIBLE. ORGANIDD. 
MAnMIE A8D BLIAII .... ALL EDITORIAL POsmONS AIm 

PAID. 

All applicants should submit THEIR OWN nPED applications which 
should include a cdoler letter describing yourself, your related experience, 
the amount of time you are willing to convnit to The Guardian, and an idea 
of 'JIihat you lNOuld like to acCOiJl)lish or see the newspaper acco"1'Iish 
while you are a staff member. Also. include a resume and arty references you 
may have . 

DO NOT CALL THE GUARDIAN OPFICE FOR ADDmONAL 
INPORMATION. 

APPUCA TlONS FOR EDITOR-IN-CHIEF ARE DUE BY NOON MONo.. y, 
MAY 21. NO LATE APPlICATlONS WIll. BE ACCEPTED, Applicants for 
Editor-in Chi~ must sign up for an interview the .week of May 21 through 
May 25 when they drop off their application. 

APPUCA TlONS FOR AU. OTHER EDITORIAL POSITIONS ARE DUE 
NOON TUE$Oo\ y, MAY 29. NO LATE APPlICA TlONS WIll. BE ACCEPTED. 
Applicants for editorial positions roost be available for interviews tne week 
of May 29 through June I. 

Editor-in-Chief elections will take place all day Wednesday, May 30, Any 
persons interested in being electors must submit a letter of intent by noon, 
Th,Jrsday, May 17. A list of approved electors will be posted Monday, May 
21. 

Staff approval of the '84-'85 staff will take place at the Executivle Board 
meeting Friday, ..une I, 

PLUS • .,.UWR ALL APPIJCA1IONS AND Ln"nRS OP 
INTENT IN PERSON TO TH. GUARDIAN BUSINESS ~. 



UNIVERSITY CENTER REFERENDUM 
- DISCLAIMER -

The Student Center Board has purchased the space for both of these ads. Neither the Board, Assistant Vice-
Chancellor Tucker or the Student Center Staff has edited the information and take no responsibility 

for the accuracy of the information submitted. 

-----Arguments Against ------------~-------------Arguments For----------

FACT 

ALTERNATIVE VIEWPOINTS SUPPRESSED 

The Student Center Board (SCB) recently published over 10,000 flyers 
entitled "Together W e Can Make a Difference" explicitly supporting 
the University Center. 

Several UCSD employees staffed "information" tables last week on 
University time. 

Even without calculating the payroll expenditure, over $2,500 of your 
money went for this one,sided campaign to convince you to accept the 
University Center. 

DON'T YOU DESERVE TO HEAR THE OTHER SIDE? 

Well an attempt was made to do just that. However, our request for $1,650 to express an alternative 
viewpoint on the University Center proposal was flatly rejected. 

Instead, the SCB agreed to "educate" the students, BUT ONLY ON ITS OWN TERMS. 

After rejecting our proposal to express an independent opposing view, they required us to consent to 
this format or have it appear as though no other viewpoints had been expressed. The format that was imposed 
provided a "balanced" view by allocating an equal space to proposal advocateS - making mockery of the fact 
that thousands of dollars had already been spent for this very purpose. We are not opposed to a balanced 
view, we merely question their view of balance. I 

Further, this statement was required first to be submitted to Tommy Tucker (Vice Chancellor of 
Student Affairs and main· advocate of the University Center). 

We find this entire arrangement unreasonable. It is a blatant move to diffuse opposing views by 
preventing expression of those views in a format of our own choosing. 

Ironically, the SCB's own publication encourages us to "become involved, know the facts, and ask 
questions. " 

That was our purpose. 

What are they afraid of - an informed student body? 

Committee for Responsible Spending 

The students of UCSD have been living in a facilities nightmare. 

There is a solution ... 

Thousands of students have acknowledged the problem and are seeking a solution. 

Their solution is the result of thousands of student hours. 

The procell has been: 

1.) The recognition of a need for expanded facilities by student organizations. 
2.) The identification of those needs in. a survey completed by well over 2,000 students. 
3.) The creation of a committee and subcommittee structure, approved by the nine student member 

Student Center Board, to identify the exact facilities needed . 
4.) The unanimous approval of a student proposal, by the Student Center Board, for new student center 

facilities to meet those needs. 
5.) A referendum to gain student endorsement of this proposal, created by your student representatives. 
6.) The next step in the process is your yes vote. 

Your yes vote will auarantee: 
1.) A University commitment of more than $300 per student towards the new university center. 
2.) Student controlled site selection. 
3.) Student approval of the architectural design. 
4.) Student control of space allocation. 
5.) Student Center Board control of the Student Center budget. 
6.) Student Center Board governance of the facilities. 

The following student groups - your elected representatives - strongly urge your yes vote: 

Muir College Council 
Revelle College Council 
Third College Council 
Warren College Council 

The Student Center Board 
The University Center Planning/Building Advisory Committee 
Associated Students Council '83,'84. 
Associated Students Council '84,'85 

NOT A SINGLE STUDENT ORGANIZATION ON THIS CAMPUS OPPOSES THIS REFERENDUM. 
. 

Those few individuals whose views appear to the left chose not to participate in this year' long sti!dent 
process. They are uninvolved, uninformed representatives of special interests directed by a non student. 
Their concerns are not with the quality of your future and the quality of student life at UCSD. 

Please do not let apathy and misinformation prevail! 

Our process is working! 

We urge you to read the Student Center Board's brochure. 

This has been an exhaustive and thorough process. 
The $25 fee* is the result of extensive cost analysis. With it you will get the necessary 

expansion of facilities and the renovation of current space. 

Together we can make this facility a reality! 

VOTE YES! 

Thousands of students can't be wrong! 

* While Juniors and Seniors will have graduated before the fee increase takes effect, your yes vote is still 
needed. Please consider those students yet to attend UCSD and your role as a responsible alumnus. 

MAY 21-25 Students for the Referendum 



By JEFF HARTUNG 
I am among the adopted who are 

ignorant of their origins. We know little, 
or nothing, of those responsible for our 
conception beyond the fact that they 
existed. Some of us are lucky enough to 
have some non-identifying facts passed 
on to us by our adoptive parents. More 
often these facts , if released at all by the 
adoption agenCies, are withheld from 
the adoptee by the adoptive parents. 

I am lucky enough to have a birth 
Information sheet that was given to my 
parents when I was adopted. Though I 
bombarded my mom and dad with 
questions throughout my childhood and 
adolescence, I was not aware of this 
information until I was 20. By that time , 
the knowledge only increased my 
appetite to know about my genedt 
heritage. 

A growing number of adoptees , like 
myself, are finding the need to seek out 
their birth-families. In spite of current 
social attitudes discouraging reUnions, 
more and more of us are looking for and 
findmg our original parents, those 
responSible for our genes, for our very 
existence. As I am JUSt now discovering, 
this IS not an easy task. Guilt , shame 
and even the law stand between us and 
our goal , making the search more 
difficult than can be imagined. 

My own search began shonly after the 
birth of my daughter last February. Only 
after having met a person truly, 
genetically related to me was 1 sure of 
what I needed to do. It was then that I 
became aware of the special bond , a 
"blood tie" that eXIsts between a parent 
and binh-child. No amount of love and 
nunurting can replace this feeling of 
attachment, however imponant these 
things are to nonnal development of a 
child. 

My adoptive parents, the only parents 
I've ever known , are my psychologIcally 
real parents. They will always be mom 
and dad to me. Nothing, not even my 
search , will diminish their importance 
to me nor the role they played In 
shaping my personality. Though I 
initially sensed a cenain disappointment 

in them , perhaps feelings of failure , 
when [ first discussed my intentions 
With them , they are now supportive of 
my deCision . Who could blame them for 
feeling they had failed somehow? In 
1962, when 1 was placed with them , 
adoptive parents were misled into 
belieVing that if they raised their 
adoptive child properly, that child 
would neve r feel curious about his or 
her geneology. They would always be 
the real and only parents. The adoptee 
would not have any special problems 
dealing with labels like "adopted" or 
"illegitimate. " 

Even in the '60s It was becoming 
evident that thiS wasn't the case. 
Adoptees then , as now, made up a 
disproportionately large percentage of 
the clients seen by mental health 
professionals. It is estimated that about 
half of all adopted persons seek 
psychological counseling of some sort in 
their ltves. The~' make up 17% of the 
clients under psychiatric care , according 
to recent polls , though the percentage of 
persons in the population who are 
adopted is less than 1%. I spent a 
number of years in therapy myself 
before admitting my own feehngs of 
curiOSity. At one time any curious 
adoptee was automatically labeled 
"neurotic" regardless of his or her 
reasons for the search. 

Fortunately, things have c hanged 
since the '50s and '60s, and there is 
growing suppOrt for adoptees' rights. 
OUTIng the early stages of my sea rch 1 
found both support and information 
regarding searches in a number of 
books. Two exceptionally useful books 
were The Adoption Tnangle by Sorosky, 
Baran and Pannor and LOSI and Found 
by Betty Jean Lifton (herself a reunited 
adoptee). They contain personal 
accou nts by searching adoptees who 
had located thm birth-families. Though 
few of the reunions could be 
described as "perfect," about 90% of 
those interviewed descnbed the 
experience as "positive ," Even those 
who were disappointed by what they 

found Said they were "relieved" by 
knowing the truth .of their origins. 

1 also discovered how difficult my 
search was to be. 1 had assumed that it 
would involve simply ' calling up the 
agency which had placed me and 
asktng them a few questions. Actually, 
the adoption practices since the late-
'40s have Included a "sealed binh 
record" which keeps all information 
pertaining to the adoptee's birth, 
relinquishment and adoption legally 
withheld from the adoptee , birth parents 
and adoptive parents. Funhennore , state 
laws in all but two states, including 
progreSSive California, prevent adoptees 
from obtaining their original birth 
certi ficates. 

Originally designed to alleviate the 
adoptive parents' fears that the birth-
parents may try to regain custody of 
their child or that the adoptee may try 
to return to the natural parents, and [0 
protect the anonymity of the birth-
mother, the practice conspicuously 
ignores the needs and wishes of the 
adult adoptee. The adopted are treated 
as perpetual children, as is evident each 
time an adult adoptee is referred to as 
an "adopted child." Current laws treat 
adult adoptees as if they haven't the 
sense [0 decide for themselves, as 
responsible adults, whether or not to 
find their genetic families. The desire [0 
know who their parents are is regarded 
as "c hildish" or "immature." These laws 
btnd us legally to a contract we never 
signed, nor were capable of 
understanding when it was signed,forever. 

1 joined a number of adoptee search 
suppon groups listed at the end of the 
aforementioned books. The most Widely 
known is ALMA (the Adoptees' Libeny 
Movement Association), a nationwide 
organization which helps adoptees by 
lobbying to get antiquated adoption laws 
and practices changed. They also have 
an international reunion registry which 
matches searching adoptees to 
searching birth-parents. So far ALMA, 
now 12 years old, has reunited over 
10,000 families separated by adoption. 

Another function ALMA serves IS to 
educate searchers as to the best way to 
go about searching. Workshops and 
search meetings, in which ideas and 
techniques are exchanged , greatly 
Improve each individual's chances of 
finding whom they seek. ALMA, and 
other groups also give much-needed 
emotional support before , during and 
after the reunion . 

Another group, the Adoptee's 
Research Association (ARA), run by a 
successful searcher, Kathy Wudel , 
provides a private research service for 
those who have the last name of either 
birth-parent. AM also has its own 
crossfile index of adoptees and birth 
parents, Using her own techniques, Ms. 
Wudel has successfully reunited 
hundreds of separated persons, and her 
success rate is improving. 

Frequently, in discussion of the topiC 
now known as the "sealed record 
controversy ," a concern for the birth-
mother'S right to privacy emerges. 
A tually, this is also a concern of most 
adoptees as well, who are generally 
fearful of disrupting their birth-mothers' 
li ves. This is a valid concern, but it 
misses the point. In the list place, most 
birth-mothers are curious about the 
children they gave up for adoption and 
would like to know more about how 
they are, or if they are alive or dead . 
Those lobbYing so vehemently against 
opening up adoption records are not 
the btnh-mothers , but the adoptive 
parents who regretfully fear losing their 
children to the original parents. Actually, 
adoptees are extremely loyal to their 
(adoptive) parents. A large majority of 
those who do not search give not 
wanting to hurt their (adoptive) parents' 
feelings as the reason why they refrain 

from satisfying their cunosi[),. 
The second point of controversy is a 

complex issue. Does knowing the names 
of the binh-parents constitute an 
invasion of privacy? 1 believe that 
simply knowing who one's birth-parents 
are is not an invasion of privacy. It is 
the inalienable right of every person , 
adopted or not , to know their roots. Did 
anyone ask whose privacy was invaded 
when Alex Haley published Roots? Do 
other people not adopted who are 
researching their geneology get accused 
of invasion of poltcy? However, with 
every right comes an equal 
responsibili[)'; in this case [0 not disrupt 
the lives of those for whom we search. 

Recent changes in the laws governing 
adoption practices look encouraging on 
the surface. An act passed in this state 
last year, to go into effect in January of 
1985, will allow every adoptee 21 and 
over, and every birth-parent of an 
adopteF. over the age of 21, access to 
each others' names and laSt reponed 
locations. Unfortunately the act applies 
on!>' to persons born after 1/ 1/ 84, so the 
first person [0 get infonnation under 
this act will not do so until 2005! This 
attempt to pacify the adoptee groups 
battling against unfair legislation has 
only served to frustrate adoptees and anger 
those . working to open up birth records. 

1 am often asked what 1 expect to 
find when my search is over. Strangely 
enough, the answer is really quite 
simple . 1 want to know what my birth-
parents look like. I want to know what 
became of them. I want them to know 
that I understand their reasons for 
giving me up, and that I turned out OK. 
And I want to introduce them to their 
granddaughter. That's all. I'm not 
looking for the "real" family I never had. 
I'm not trying to fi nd a sense of securi[)' 
I can't find any other way. 

I compare growing up adopted [0 
growing up in a world where everyone 
else can see themself in a mirror, but I 
cast no reflection. I have no parents, 
brothers, sisters or any other relatives to 
show me my genetic characteristics in 
someone else. I have my three-month-
old daughter, but she only increased my 
curiosity about myself, rather than 
satisfied it. It's like knowing you have 
branches, but being ignorant of your 
roots: I know it is a difficult thing for 
the non-adopted to grasp, just as 
starvation is a difficult thing for the one 
who has never been hungry to 
understand, but the need to know is 
very real. 

What I do know of my natural 
parents is that my mother was a 17-
year-old high school senior when she 
got pregnant with me. My father was a 
22-year-old college student majoring in 
e1ectrial engineering. My maternal 
grandfather had died in 1959, about 
one year before. My mother was the 
eldest of six children. The youngest was 
only three when I was born . It is 
apparent to me that my then-38-year-
old grandmother could not support 
another child. I also have brief 
descriptions of my parents' physical 
characteristics and their hobbies and 
tnterests. That's all I have ... so far. 
Perhaps if I had known this earlier, my 
curiOSity would have been satisfied, but 
at 20 It only made me want to know 
more. 

Each day I open the mailbox, hoping 
that one of the organizations I've joined 
has found a match, only to be 
confronted with bills and junk mail . 
Every day I grow a little more anxious, 
but I do my best to channel this energy 
into constructive outlets. 1 remember a 
message printed in the 
Mothers'/ Fathers' Day ncwsleuer I 
received a few weeks ago from ALMA. 
said : "To adoptees, natural parents and 
all persons separated lorever by 
adoption . - WHY FOREVER] 

,. . '. 

] abbing ] oumalist Jock] unket 
By THOMAS RANKIN 

Life in the sports lane is a tough, 
diny game, and the sportswriter takes 
the brunt of the abuse. Dragging himself 
out of bed by three in the afternoon, the 
typical athletic scribe has precious little 
time with which to appease his editor, 
drop by the pub, call his bookie and 
still hustle down to the stadium in time 
to hobnob with famous jocks and grab a 
good seat in the press box . As the 
hordes of wage-slaves line up at the box 
office to pay their entry fee , the 
harassed writer is being whisked via 
elevator up to his private aerie, sweating 
Out the age-old question of the junket 
journalist: What's on the menu tonight? 

Indeed, the first decision to be faced 
is whether he should pile his plate with 
boned chicken breast Parmesan or pork 
roast. The choice is obvious; the pork 
roast languishes in its steam-heated tray 
long after the chicken is burning holes 
in the stomach linings of twO dozen 
ulcerous chain-smokers. As the fans 
stand respectfully for the national 
anthem, the forward-thinking journalist 
is cruising the snack table, stockpiling 
enough Gennan chocolate cake, 
peanuts, popcorn, coffee and Bud Draft 
to get through the first inning. Far 
below in the stands can be heard the 
plaintive cries of, "Peanuts, GET your 
peanuts ... ninetyfivecentsabag." The 
writer has by now gotten into his third 
bag, slaving away to maintain his hard-
won summer squash physique. . 

Inning by inning, play by play, the 
sponswriter continues his pilgrimages to 
the snack table, the routine upset only 
once; the keg has run dry and he must 
wait five minutes for the bus boys to 
drag another out for him and his thirs[)' 
cohortS. Notes are scribbled, jokes 
exchanged . He gossips with his friends 
and snubs his competitors. By the 
fourth inning things are just fine , but 
dark clouds are piling up on his 
profeSSIOnal horizon. The game is 
running lopg; ninth Inning and deadline 
are doomed to crash head-on, The fat 
man begins to sweat. The back of 
everybody'S neck suddenly glitters under 
the harsh night lighting, stoma hs sizzle 
and whine. 

When one spends a lot of time in 
any environment , cenain things are 
taken for granted and thereby 
overlooked. The park ranger Will find 

more new things in a day traveling 
through New York than he would in the 
forest. Conversely, the New Yorker will 
notice wonder all about him out of 
doors while a day in his hometown 
would yield nothing "new." Sportswriters 
watch the game, completely overlooking 
the fact that the event stretches its 
magic all the way up to the lip of the 
stad ium A few things not normally 
found in the sports section include: 

The press box has its own private 
announcer. While the fans hear, 
"Wowie! A line drive, one run in for 

THE CHART HOUSE 
Steaks - Seafood - Prime Rib 

OPEN HOUSE AND 
PRESENTATION ON 

MANAGEMENT 
OPPORTUNITIES 

Call 
for 
AppOintment 

AT: The Chart House 
2588 S, HVvY, 1'01 
Cardiff By The Sea 

DATE: Saturday, June 9th 
TIME: 10:30 - 12:30 
For further information call 
Richard or Diana 755-8281 

the Padres," the press announcer 
might say, "That's Williams' 300th 
RBI this season , a new record . 
Nine[)' percent of those came off 
left-handed pitchers with cholera In 
the fifth itaning." This information is 
passed on to UPI, AP and the 
various dailies, and the professional 
writer's reputation for thoroughness 
takes on an added luster. 
The behaVior of the crowd at a game 
borders on the robotic. When the 
announcer says, "And it's the 
seventh inning stretch," people 

stand. And stretch. 
The organ music at Jack Murphy 
Stadium is live, played by a seedy 
old man who sits in a glass booth 
sandwiched between the press box 
and the VIP lounge. He is 
accompanied by an attractive blonde 
"page turner" who languishes for 
most of the game , bored stiff. Even 
with today's advances in technology, 
it seems unlikely that this job will 
ever be taken over by an automaton. 
The brilliant lights above the 
stadium attract a great many moths, 
invisible to the naked eye. The 
moths, in tum, bring out the bam 
swallows, who chase, fight and dive 
about high above the punx.,ball 
players, oblivious to the game. When 
a bird scores a mOth, he pirouettes 
madly up and out of the reach of 
the lights. returning moments later, a 
bit slower than he was before. 

Of course, if a sportswriter filled his 
Padres story with tales of hungry birds 
and lecherous organ players, he would 
be out of a Job before he could say, 
"Padres get baptism by fire from Expos." 

Bottom of the eighth . The Padres are 
flailing away on the field as the 
journalists wail away on their luggables. 
Deadline is half an hour away, and their 
eyes are bnght, heads awhirl with new 
twists on old cliches. Carrackkk! Fly 
ball. Caught at the wall . Top of the 
ninth . 

The Padres lose badly. Modems are 
fired up and files are flushed back to 
the newsroom. With the pressure off, 
the adrenal glands shut down and the 
writer gathers up his gear, hands 
quivering slightly. The gang shuffles 
sullenly to the elevator, regretful of all 
that boned c hicken breast Paremesan. 

A few reporters , mostly video and 
radio people, head down into the 
bowels of the stadium, quickly scamper 
past the t.ense silence of the Padres 
locker room and gather around Pete 
Rose , like moths to the flame. As they 
fawn and babble, the Other players look 
on bmerly. "Why don 't they interview 
me 1" their eyes ask. Bur Pete is a total 
professional. He's already dressed while 
they are draped in their raggy towels. 
Can't put a half-naked Jock on the tube, 
of course. Score another homerun for 
Pete . 

P---------~urnrnerJobs--------~ 
Make a Difference In Election '84 

Work on Social, Consumer, and Environmental issues 
with Ca/PIRG, the state's largest public interest lobby, 
Summer/Permanent poSitions available on citizen outreach 
staff, 
---Interviews on Campus / May 23 & 24---

Sign up at Career Planning & Placement, HL 1058 
or call 452-4873. 

r ---=-_ ----= =-~---=;-~=---------:-- -=------------- -=------- _ - -_- _ - -_-___ - _--:: =-1 
UCSD Summer Session 

ADDED 
AMES 10 

fORTRAN PROGRAMMING (4 Units) 
Applied Mechanics and Engineering Sciences 10 
Course Code 0232 July 16 - August 24, 1984. 

For more information visit the Summer Session Office 
101 A Administrative Complex or call 

451-4364 



16 Ma 21, 198~ 

Recreation 
MONDAY-THURSDAY 
12:25-1:00 pm - Health & FItness Week '84-
"Walk Away Your Welgnt Put on your w(llklng 
shoes for a brmsk half-hour midday walk of two 
mIles (lround campus Led by Dale Sutton, DDS, 
race walker, Jody leWIS, speed walker Meet at 
flag pole near Cashiers Office 
MONDAY & WEDNESDAY 
'2:10.'2:50 pm & 6:00.7:00 pm - Aerobic 
CondItIoning - Sponsored by Campus Rec. Meets 
at Rec. Conf. Rm. Call Judy Caudillo for Info 452-
6034. Health & Fitness Week '84, 
J:45-4:45 pili & 4:45-5:45 pili - Health & 
Fitness Week '84 - "Trrmnastlcs Class" AerobiCS 
- CalistheniCS - presented by Perfect Fitness at 
V .... Hospital for greater UCSO communIty - 3350 
La Jolla Village Dr, Call Jan Johnson for details 571-
5051 
MONDAY 
7:.8:00 ... - Aqua exerCISe for lun & fitness. 

Aqua exercise for both sWimmers ana 
nonSWImmers, deSIgned to enhance fleXibIlIty and 
cardlOvasrular fitness Office of Campus Rec & 
Employee Reh(lb. He(llth & Fitness week '84. In the 
Canyon View Pool 
4:00.5:00 pm - DemonstratIon of the Soort of 
FenCing, UCSD fenCing Team members Will 
demonstrate fenang t~nlques and equipment. 
Meet at main gym, Sponsored by Lynne Antonelli , 
UCSD fenCing team coach. Health & FItness Week 
84 . 

4:0()'8:oo pm - Badminton Demonstration & 
Introci.Jctory badminton clinic. Features UCSD 
natIOnal IM)men's Singles champion, Cheryl 
Carton & other natIOnally ranked players. Located 
at main gym. Contact Teresa McCarty 452-4211, 
badminton team coach for info. Health & Fitness 
Week '84. 

TUESDAY & THURSDAY 
8:o()'8:50 .... & 12:10.U:50 pili - Aerobrc 
ConditIOning - sponsored by C(lmpus Rec. -

free - Call Ju~ CaudIllo for Info 452-6034. Meet 
at Rec. Conf. Rm. He(llth & FI tness Week '84. 
WEDNESDAY 
12: 1 0 pm - Stress 5K jog for your health on 
UCSD streets and dIrt tr<llis. Start at John Jay 
HopkIns Dr. between Central Llbral)'and Genesee 
Ave Sponsored ~ Atomrc T~. Running Club. 
Contact Bev HarjU, PhD for Info 452-39B7, 
4:30 pm - Run through the trees - Eucalyptus 
5K three mIle lun run sponsored t¥ campus rec. If 
not III Washington DC, Chancellor Atkinson Will 
run With us. Contact Laurel Dean for more Info, 
452-4037, Meet at main gym steps I Health & 
Fitness Week '84. 

THURSDAY 
Noon-IlIJO pm - Ease IntO Aqua Exercise-
adapted aquatic exercises to irrprove flt~s of 
those With handtcapping conditionS. Sponsored by 
Employee Rehab, and Campus Rec. Contact Marcy 
Fox or MarylDu Harris 452-6743. IDcated at 
Canyon View Pool. Health & Fitness Week '84. 

The Weekly Calendar 

SeNices/Workshops 
MONDAY-FRIDAY 
9100 am-noon & 1:OG-3100 pm - It's the 8th 
week and Health and Fitness Weeki Have you 
ViSited the Body Shoppe's Self Care Centers at 
Student Health to ~nd out your blood pressure, 
answer questIOns about skin and colds 7 Student 
Health Advocates are available. Student Health, 
first floor near Walk-In. 
MONDAY 

Noo~':OO pm - How to Always Get Your Way 
- Workshop sponsored t¥ Perfect Fitness at VA 
Hospital - presented by Helen Aronson, f'tlD. For 
details call Jan Johnson 571-5051 - Health & 
Fitness Week '84 . .... t the VA Hospital 
U:,0.12:50 pm - Alcohol-Drug AOuse 
Education: The Padneway A worksrop presented 
by Robert Fredencks of operatIon Cork. Sponsored 
t¥ Employee Rehab, Health FItness Week '84 In 
BSB 2100. Free, 
l:0()'3:oo pm - RED II : Recovenng from Eating 
Disorders InvItes students and staff to attend our 
rew disrusslon sessions on Mondays upstairs at 
the health center. We Will be touching on Issues 
surrounding AnoreXIa, Bulemla and other eating 
problems, The meetings Will be faCilitated by peer 
counselors who have recovered from eating 
problems, Our tOpiCS for the follOWIng Mondays 
will be: May 21. How to deal WIth Eating Disorders 
and College ufe; May 29, The Influence of EatIng 
Problems on Exerase and Nutrition; June 4, Self-
Help Approaches: Coping with eating problems. 
TUESDAY 
.1:00 a_noon - Strtss Management for 
employees of UCSD - an ongoing seminar which 
Indudes techniques for reduCing P~lcal tensIon 
& repattemlng attitudes toward goalsettlng. Led 
by Bev HarJU, f'tlD. PsychologIcal Services at 
Warren Provost Conference Room. 
Noon-1:00 pm - RED II : RecoverIng from 
Eating Disorders Invites students to attend our 
new bl-weekly drop-In hours. The drOP-In sessIOns 
are on Tuesdays and Thursdays at the Warren 
Provost Office Conf, Rm There Will be peer 
counselors available to diSCUSS problems rangIng 
from extreme weight/dIet conscIousness to 
AnoreXia and Bulemla. Everyone IS welcome 

Noo~' :oo pm - lXIhat me worry? The 
Women's ClinIC hopes notl Attend a confidential, 
Informal, InformatIVe dlsrusslOn on sexual health, 
birth control and services available to you on 
carrpus Drop In or call 452-2669/2180 for more 
Info, In the Student Health Services - upstairs 
lounge. 

ltWDNESDAY 
'O:o()'11:00 am - RelaxatIOn Through Fantasy 
- GUided ImageI)' t~nrques In conjunction With 
goalsettlng. Led by Bev Harju, f'tlD. Located at 
Student Health, 2nd floor Health Ed, Rm. -
Contaa Ms. Harju at 452- 3987 for IIlfo - Health 
& Fitness Week ' 841 
Noon-1 :00 pm - MInI FItness Proftie - Fi tness 
tests and Interpretation - resting heart rate, blood 
pressure, skin fold, trunk fleXing, ConliJcted by 
Barry Cunningham, PhD and Frank Vitale, PhD, PE 
Dept. Call 452-4032 Ibr more Info - Located at 
Rec. Conf. Rm. - Health & FItness Week '84. 

Noo~1:00 pm - Methodology - a stu~ of 
methOds I The Women's CliniC Invites you to 
"study" the methods (of brrth control) at our 
confidentIal, Informal dlsrussron session - Wed. 
CXop In or call 452- 2669/2180 for more Info In the 
Student Health ServIces - upstairs lounge. 
Noon-1100 pm - Stress Management - Brown 
Bag SemInar on technIques of managIng and 
redudng stress. Led by Michael MoskOWitz. 
Spo nsored by SPO, EducatIOnal Staff 
Development. IDcated at AC IlIA, For more Info 
call Mary Lou Hams 452-6743. 
l:o()'l:OO pm - Women &C(lreer Development. 
A weekly dlsrusslOn group looking at the personal 
and career developmental ISSUes In the lives of 
women students. TopICS Include: building 
co nfidence, enterrng a male-domrnated 
profeSSIon, developing assertIVe skills, Juggling 
multiple roles, finding career mentors and role 
models, and more, Brrng your Ideas as well as your 
concerns to thiS supportIVe and InformatIVe group 
You are not alone. Students shOuld contact leader, 
Lon Kolt, Psychological SerVICes, Call 452-3755 to 
sign up. In HL 1003 
4:o()'5:oo pm - RelaxatIOn through Fantasy -
GUided Imagery techniques In ConjunctIOn With 
goal setting. For UCSD employees Located at 
Warren Provost Cont. Rm. Sponsored by 
PsychologIcal Services, led by Bev HarJU, PhD 
THURSDAY 
Noon-1:30 pm - SmokIng In the workplace-
Panel dlsrusslOn by medical, leg(ll, and tobaccO 
speCIalISts for smokers and non smokers 

Lectures 
MONDAY 
4100-5100 pm - How to .... \oQid Ruming 
Problems. A lecture on proper ruming gear and 
problems that rumers may encounter by Joseph 
Ellis, DPM. Sponsored by Studl!rrt Health - Health 
Education. Meets at Student Health 2nd floor. 
Health & Fitness Week '84. 
lUUDAY 
•• 1lO _'lJlO pm - Sports & Nutrition -
LJveIy lecture and t1isrussion with national~ 
recognized expert Paul Saltman, PhD. Sponsored 
by Student Health. Meets at Gar~""ud., School of 
Medidne. 
Noort-.IOO pm - The Heal~ Look - Seminar 
on skrn care, hair care and appeilrilrXe, Speaker 
Keith Bartleson, sponsored by Jan Johnson Perfect 
Fitness 571-505Iibrdetails. Located at VA Hospital 
- Health & Fitness Week '84, 

Meetings 
MONDAY 

Noort-.IOO pm - Recovering from Eating 
Disorders. Disrussion of causes of and treatment 
for eating disorders. Speakers are Miriam 
losudovld, LOW and Lindsey Strohben. MA .... t 
Student Health 1st floor. Health & Fi~ Week·84. 
..... SJOO pm - .... vegetarian approach to }'Our 
diet ..... I~re on vegetarianism and vegetarian 
diets by Margaret Edell, Clinical Nutritionist. In 
Senate Conf, Rm .. .... C 215, Health & Fitrrss Week 
'84 . 

WEDNUDAY 
Noort-.IOO pm - Fitness IS a liresty!e - a 
lifetime commit~t to health. Lecture by John 
cates f'tlD. Sponsored by ~rfect Fitness at V .... 
HIospital - call Jan Johnson for details 571-5051. 

NDan - .... brown bag WIth Carol Paddon. She 
will be talking about her latest r~arch in Human 
Information Processing. In the Revelle Informal 
IDunge, 

6100 pm - Recycling Coop meeting and dinner, 
Join us, In the Che Cafe. 
TUESDAY 
4100 pm - Students for Mondale hOlds Its weekly 

Sponsored by SPO, Psychological Services & 
Student Health. Located at Garren Aud. - Health 
& Fitness Week '84, 
FRIDAY 
8:10-10100 _ - RED I - Peer Group - ThIs 
group IS for stu~ts With Bulimia, AnoreXia or 
obSeSSIVe concerns about eating. Through specific 
homework asslg1~ts (lnd extensive support, 
students Will be able to meet a series of goals 
leading to cessat ion of eatIng problems. Led by 
Peer Counselors .... me Scott and Christie Pollero, 
and Bev HarjU, f'tlD, Psychological Services. Call 
Bev at 452-39B7 to Sign up. Meets at Warren 
College Pro\oQst Office - Conf. Rm. 
1 :OG-l:JO pm - Weight Management Group -
For UCSD students, this weekly group u~s a 
weight loss/maintenance approaCh that 
emphaSIZes sound nutritIOn, exercise and health. 
Led by Bev Harju. Psychological Services, call 452-
3987 to sign up. In the Stu~t Health Service 
upstairs. 
l:OOoJI3O pm - Alcohol and Substance AOuse 
Group - For those who ask themselves, "00 I 
have a prOblem With alcohol or drugs 7' Regardless 
of age, background, sex or experience, If you ask 
}'Ourself the above question, check out the group, 
Led by Dan Munoz, PsychologICal SerVIces. Call 
452-3456. Meets weekly. 
J.0004.1O pm - Campus Black Forum - This IS 
an Infonnal discussion group centered on ISSUes, 
concerns and the quality of Irfe of the Black 
communIty at UCSO. It IS an open, ongoing group, 
and Students can join at M'rf time. Meets In the Mt. 
View IDunge of the ThIrd College Ap(lrttnents . Led 
by RoChelle BastIen, Bob Irvin, Temille Porter and 
Phrl Raphael Students who would Irke more 
InformatIOn can call PhIl at 452-3035, or Rochelle 
at 452-3755. O ffered by Psychological SerVIces, 

meeting, Strategy planning for the defeat of Gary 
Hart and Ronald Reagan. In the- MUlti-Purpose 
room in t~ Student Center. 
5:00 pm - Democratic Club of UCSO will be 
making plans for the June 5th pnmary and the 
defeat of the Republicans. In the Multi-Purpo~ 
Room in the StUdent Center. 

Academic Services 
MONDAY ...... DAY 
8IJO _ .100 pm - PAL Confer~ces - Don't 
~d more time stu~ing than ~essaryl 
Sdledule a one-tQ-Q(1e P .... L (personal assistance for 
learning) confer~ce to streaml~ }'Our stua,-ing. 
The conferences WIll deal with your course 
materials concerns Including reading 
comprehension, memory control, lecture 
notetaking, and test preparatIOn, as well as how to 
manage your time, handle stress, coocentr ate 
better, and overcome procrastination. Sponsored 
by the OASIS Reading and Stu~ Skills Center. In 
USB 4010. 
8IJO .... 100 pm - OJIISIS Writing Center 
offers free service br all UCSO students who ~ 
pre-writing help, conferences on drafts, and 
editing advice. We engage M'rf kind of writing and 

~ kind of writing problem. Conferences are by 
appoint~t only, Evening appoint~ts are flrNI 
also aval~ In OASIS Third Place at Third College. 
(For the full r~ of services ~ back of Fall 
Schedule). Call 452-2284 or come by USB 4010 to 
malee an appointment. This seMce is available 
througKlut the quarter, 
9JOO .... 1OO filii - Grammar Moses Hotline -
A grammar hotline phone:-in service for help with 
diction. grammar and punctuation problems, To 
reach Grammar Moses, call 452-2284, Sponsored 

Religious Functions 
MONDAY ...... DAY 
5100 pm - catholic Mass, Sponsored by the 
Catholic Community at UCSO. In the U'liversity 
Lutheran Church, 
MONDAY 
Noon - Meeting of the Christian Seiencl! 
Organization, Selected readings and discussion by 
students help us in tuming to God when tadng 
evetyday challenges. In the Revelle Informal 
Lounge, 
TUESDAY 
7110 pm - What are you going to do when you 
get out of school7 Come to the Catholic Tuesday 
Night discussion to see what led three UCSD 
professionals to their choice of career and how it 
ties in With their faith. In the Lounge of the 
U1iversity Lutheran Church. 
8100 pm - ...... rl! You Catholic But Don't Know 
WI"ry?" A Catholic Discussion Group focusing on 
this week's topic: "What to do with your life: A 
disrussion on Careers." Sponsored by the Catholic 

Other 
MONDAY-THURSDAY 

by the OJIISIS Writing Center. Ser\lice available 
throu!flOut the quarter, 
h»4100 pm - Drop-In-Hours, For quick 
questions pertaining to car~ plaming, job 
hunting. resume critiqueing etc, For more 
indiviliJal attention sign-up or call 452-3750 for an 

~int~t with an advisor. In Career Planning 
HL 1058. 
MONDAY 
• 0110- ••• 10 _ - Graduate School ,o,,:Msing. 
Planning on graduate school after UCS07 .... fter 
you attend a graduate advising seminar, drop-in at 
this time and talk to an advisor for more sp«iflc or 
detailed information. Sponsored by Career Services 

C~ter:, In the Student Center Bldg. A 
..... JIJO pili - Mock Int~iew. Seeing and 
hearing yourself on video~ can help put the 
finishing tou~ on interview skills, PrerequiSite: 
Interviewing skills 'M)(i<shop. call Career Services 
Center at 452-3750 to make an appoint~t. In 
HL 1058, 
JIOO-41OO pm - Resume Writing \X.k)rkshop, 
Learn how to write an effectIVe resume. Start the 
process here then have your resume critiqued by a 
Car~ Ser\lices C~ter Advisor . .... must for on-
carTllUs interviewing. In the Revelle Formal 
Lounge, 
TUUDAY 
..... 0100 _ - The Language PrO!J"am Levell 
& 11- This OASISprogram~ws~onthetr1inking 
skills you need to successfully ha'ldIe the reading 

Comrrunity at UCSO, In the Lounge of the 
U'livlersity Lutheran Church, 
MDNISDAY 
.... pm - Lutheran Students host suppe- and 
Bible stu~ on the 1 Corinthians. Everyone is 
welcome. In the Lounge of the l.k1iversity Lutheran 
Church. 
7110-9100 pili - Inter-Varsity Christian 
~llowship : Don't miss a great time of singing, 
praying, sharing and learning from God's 'M)(d. 
This week: " The Luna Game" - come prepared for 
an exdting experi~ce, Everyone is welcomel In 
the Revelle Formal Lounge. 
.0100 pm - Candlelight Mass, Sponsored by the 
CathOliC Community at UCSO. In the chapel of the 
U'lMerslty Lutheran Church. 
THURSDAY 
5145 pm - Thursday Night Dinner. Enjoy good 
food and good company. Sponsored by the 
Catholic Community at UCSO. In the Lounge of the 
U'liversity Lutheran Church. Free. 
""DAY 
7.00 pm - Come to a traditional Oneg ShatlOat. 

- In honor of Health & Fi~ Week '84 Revelle, 
M.lir, Warren Salad Bars are labelled to tell you the 
nutritional cont~t of foods. Check table tents for 
morl! info, Sponsored by Food Ser\lices and Health 
Education. 
MONDAY 
11110 _.100 pili - Warr~ College ~ 
Mentor - Brown bag lunches. New Warr~ 
transfer students (Ire invited to disruss their 
questIOns, problems and successes with Peer 
Mentors IMonday, Tuesday and Wednesday) who 
are UCSO continuing students. In the Warren 
College Provost Office Conf. Rm. 
Noort-'IJO pm - Free blood pressure checks by 
Student Health Advocates - Find out what your 
blood pressure readlllg IS and what It means, Drop 

and writing tasks assigned in your cou~, It is 
dMlgned for those who want to ~ their 
El'l9lish language skills, LP classes are taught by 
reading and writing ~Iallsts and bilingual tutors. 
LP Is presented by the OASIS Reacling & Writing 
Center, In USB 4010. 

. • 0100 _ - .- - TIme Management - Do 
}'Ou have time to stu~, get good gr~, exercl~, 
and sodalize7 The wifj we use time determines 
how much we achieve and how satisfying our days 
are. If you're not ~ting enough out of your days, 
this IM)ri<shop will show you how to take control 
of your life, plan successful stu~ sessions, indude 
sodal and relaxation time, and ~ through the 
quarter without the cramming frenzylln TCH 141. 
• 0110-.1110 _ - LAW/MBA Advising. Law or 
MB.... school group advising hours for M'rf 
questions concerning the application pro~ for 
law school or MBA programs, ~ the Pre-

Law/Manage~t advisor on an Informal basis. 
No appolnt~ts ~essary, but it Is advisable to 
call first at 452-4939 if open hours are ~ng held. 
In the Student Center Bldg. A 

l~ pili - Starting your own business: 
Self~rrplC¥"l!f'1t is a "hot" field. Those who've 
done it will share their experiences with you. In the 
North Conf. Rm .. Stu~t C~ter, 
21»4100 pm - Drop-In advising In open 
~ion for Pre-Medical and Pre-Dental students. 
No appointment necessary, but It is advi~ to 
call first to confirm that the session will be held. 
Sponsored by career Servic~ Center. In the Health 

Sd~ces ,o,,:Msory Program Career Plaming & 
Placement C~ter, Stu~t Center Bldg . .... 452-
4939. 
JIOO-4rOO pm - The OJIISIS GM (Grammar & 
Mechanics) Workshop is clesigned br stu~ts 
who would like to 'M)(k on clarifying basic 
grammatical concepts and categorl~ , and 
applying them in extensive, systematic series of 
practical exercises. An exerd~ manual to be 
purctlased by the student will be used, JIIlI work 
will be corrplel:ed in the CDntext of the INOI'kshop, 
In USB 3OSal, 
V.DNISDAY 
..... OJOO _ - The OI\5IS GM (Grammar & 
Mechanics) Workshop is dMlgned for stu~ts 
who would like to work on clarifying basic 
grammatical concepts and categories, and 
applying them in extensive, systematic series of 
practical exerdses, An exerCise manual to be 
purctlased by the student will be used. JIIlI work 
will be corrpleted in the context of the workshop. 
In USB406M. 
91 .. 11100 _ - Drop-in advising in open 
~ion for Pre-Medical and Pre-Dental students. 
No appointment necessary. but it is advi~ to 
call ftrst to confirm that the s~ will be held, 
Sponsored by car~ Se~ Cencer, In the 
Student Center Bldg, .... 452-4939. 
10 .... 11100 _ - Your Skills - Your Career. 
This Car~ Services Workshop ~s you identify 
and artirulate your skliis and relate them to 
partirular areas. In the Revelle Formal IDunge. 
.1100 _IZIIO pm - .A.cademic Writing In 

W~ will be meeting at the ~11e Fountain at 7:00 
then walking to ShJI and later having dinner at the 
Rabbi 's home. 
SUNDAY 
8100 & .0100 _ - Episcopal Church Worship 
Service: Sunday Eucharist and Parish felloWShip, 
Good Samaritan Episcopal Church 4321 Eastgate 
Mall !\cross Gen~ from east end of campus, 
north of La Jolla Village Dr. Intersection of 
Eastgate Mall and Genesee. 
1110 _ - CatholiC Mass, Sponsored by the 
Catholic Community at UCSO, In the U1iversity 
Lutheran Church. 
•• 100 _ & 7100 pm - Lutheran CommunIOn 
Service with Pastor John Huber preaching. All 
welcome, In the Chapel ot U1iversity Lutheran 
Church, 
5100 pm - Catholic Mass. Sponsored by the 
Catholic Community at UCSO, In the U'livlersity 
Lutheran Church, 
11.5 pm - Folk Mass, Good Samaritan Episropal 
Church 4321 Eastgate Mall. !\cross Genesee from 
east end of campus north of La Jolla VIllage Dr. at 
Eastgate and Gen~ee. 

~Ish ~ una ~a actMdad del PrO!J"ima de 
~as de OASIS. LA dase ~ta disenada para 
tstudl~ de amos iJ\IiWllados suo-graduados 
/"uppe--dMsion") qu~ ~ perfecdonar los 
elementos gramaticales, sintacticos, y rl!tOficos del 
espanol con el fin de prociJdr trabajos ac.1demicos 
de calidad. "Ter~" asiglados rurs05 de 
espanol seran tamtli~n atendidos ~ este taller. In 
USB 4070. 
llOO-JIJO pm - Graduate Miising Seminar . 
Planning on graduate s<11oo17 For information on 
application procedures, letters of r~ommendation 
statement or purpos~ and admissions criteria, 

att~ one of these seminar5 by signing up at 
Career Services Center, Stu~t Center Bldg, '" or 
call 452-4939 . 
llOO-4lOO pm - Memory ContrOl-I! for~ng 
information is something you can do without. 
don't miSS thiS IM)rkshopl We'll CJ:Ner the mind 
power techniques known as mnemonics 
jassodations, visualization, and key IM)rd pegs) ~ 
and talk about how to stu~ for total recall. 
Sponsored by the OJIISIS Reading & Sru~ Skills 
Center. In Bldg. B, Student Center Conf. Rm. 
llOO-4lOO pm - Personal Statement Writing 
Workshop for graduate & professional school 
applicants, Co-sponsored by OASIS. In HL 1l16. 
4100-5110 pm -I\cademIC Writing In Spanish ~ 
una nueva actividad del Programa de Leguas de 
OJIISIS. LA clase tsta dismada para ~tudantes de 
cursos avanzados sub-graduados ("upper-
division" ) que ~ perfKcionar los elementos 
gramaticales, srnacticos, y retoricos del espanal 
con el fin de prociJdr Uabajos academicos de 
calidad. " Term-papl!l"s" asig'lados rufSOS de 
espanal seran tamtlien atendidos ~ este taller. In 
USB 4OSal, 
THURSDAY 
_ - Interested in the health professions 7 20 
minute private appointments for car~ planning 
adIIice for students interested in health careers, 
Call in advance for appoint~t, but no earlier 
than one week. ThJrsday and Friday. Health 

Sd~ces ,o,,:MSOIY Program 452-4939. Sponsored 
by car~ Services Center, In the Stu~t C~ter 
Bldg. A 
• hOO _ nODn Job Market Trends. separate 
fact from fantasy. This Car~ Services Workshop 
will help you understand the changing job market 
and your future in it. In the Revelle Formal Lou~, 
I'RfDAY 
9100-.0100_ - The ~ Program ~I 
& II - This OI\5IS program foruses on the thinking 
skills you ~ to successful~ haodIe the reading 
and writing tasks assigned in your courses. It is 
designed fat tho~ who want to perfKt their 
English language skills, LP classes are taug'1t by 
reading and writing sp«ialists and bilinguaf tutors, 
LP is pre~nted by the OASIS Reading & Writing 
Center. In USB 4060I'I. 
.0 .... 11100 _ - Finding the Hidden Job 
Market. BO% of all job v~ are unadliertlsed, 
This Career Ser\lices Workshop will teach you a 
wifj to find out about them, In the Revelle Formal 
Lounge. 

by outside Revelle, MUIr, Warr~ CDmmons. ~alth 
& Fitness Week '84. 
7100 & 9110 pm - ShoWIng of two Ngermne 
films In Spanish (English SUbtitles) "TIempo de 
Rl!vancha" and "EI Infierno Tan Temido", made 
available by the .... r~tlne Consulate in Los 
Angeles, CA In Mandeville Aud. 
THURSOAY 
- OASIS is proud to announce its Second Annual 
Summer Bridge Reunion Dimer. This ~ars eXCiting 
event Will take place at Sir George's Smorgasbord, 
The cost for this dinner, which is all you can eat, is 
on~ S5. OASIS is extending the invitation to friends 
of Bridge students, The money should be paid on or 
before Friday May II, 1984. For more Info please 
contact Brad or Gerrl at 01\515 Bldg. B, 
4115 pm - Gregory Hidley's Dissertation 
Defense TItle of Dissertation: The Structure of 
BI!owulf: A Corrputer JllssISted Analysis, In TCHB 
119. 



I'm sorry, you must 
have the right number 
By PHIL LAUDER 

"Every-body doesn't lihe ,ome-thmg, 
But nobody doesn't lihe ..... 

Telephones. Everyone loves a p hone 
It has been calculated that Americans 
spend one-third of their lives asleep, 
one-third of their hves awake and one-
thi rd of their hves on the telephone. 1 
believe it. 

Phonology could be a science untO 
itself. People do Interesting thi ngs when 
talking on a telephone. And it all stans 
with a ring. 

"Hello" is the most common response . 
Actually, it 's more hke "H.e!lo?" or 
sometimes "HEL-Io." Then there are the 
jerks who answer with "Howdy-do!" 
"Heidy-hil " Such people should be shot 
on Sight. 

In Mexico, the classic telephone 
response is , "Bueno," which taken 

, literally means "good." "Good." 1 don't 
know. Answering the phone with "good" 
just doesn't seem to do it for me. "(Ring) 
Good .... Yes, good .. .. [ don't know what's 
good. Good, that's all." Bur then 1 
suppose there's someone in Mexico who 
writes "el I del escritor" who right now 
is sa>;ng the eqUivalent of "I don't know 
- answering a phone with 'hola' just 
doesn't do it for me." 

Business phone responses make up a 
genre of their own. The only time I'm at 
the dehvery end of one of these is here 
at the newspaper office. My standard 
response is, "Hello, the Guardian. 
Always. "Hello, the Guardian. Same tone, 
same speed, same volume. "Hello, the 
Guardian ." When 1 first came here, 1 
tried the business office approach: 
"Good mornmg/afternoon/ evening, the 
Guardian." I gave that up after saying, 
"Good morning" at 8 pm and "Good 
afternoon" at 1 0 am; I realized my poor 
linle brain couldn't handle figuri ng out 
the time of day qUickly enough. "Hello, 
the Guardian" takes care of that. 

Other responses here Include just 
plain "GuardlOn " and just plainer "Hello." 
Some people here say nothing at all ; 
others respond with "Composing" or 
"Joe's GrilL" Everyone's a comedian. 

But those are nothing compared to 
phone responses at most real 
businesses. Many employers require 
their workers to regu rgi ta te a five-minute 
conditioned response upon each ring, 
ranging from the Innocuous "Hello, Bj's 
- this is Loree speaki ng. May I help 
you?" to the disgusting "Good afte rnoon, 
this is Burger King La Jolla, home of the 

Roberts VW - VOLVO 
~ 914. VW • BMW ~~0 "" ~ .• ~ Audi Servo VI 

German Car Specialists 
All work fully guaranteed. Factory· Trained Specialist 

Monday-Friday 8 am - 5:30 pm • Saturday 8 am - 5 pm 

(619) 454·7823 
(619) 454·3705 
(619) 275·1132 

4630 Mission Bay Drive 
(1-5 to Balboa Exit) 

San Diego, CA. 92109 

* We use and recommend Kendall$! Lubricants to our customers * 

---------------------------------10% OFF 
On All Repairs* 

"(Except Motor & Transmission Overhaul) 
With This Coupon 

(Not valid with any other coupon) 

Engineering and 
Science Majors 

We have openings for qualified personnel in three dis tinct areas: 

OPERATING ENGINEER . Pr imary r espon s ibility includes 
su pervis ion of operating nuclear propuls ion systems. 

DESIGNIRESEARCH ENGINEER - Working in the planning, te s ting 
and design aspects of e ngineering. 

PROFESSION AL INSTR UCT OR . T each ing math , chemis try, 
phys ics and engineering to h ighly motivated , intelligent s tudents 
on both t h e graduate and undergraduate levels. 

Salaries start in excess of $24,000 and rise to $50 ,000 in fi ve years. 
Scholars hips of $1,000 per month are a vaila ble to exceptional 
s tudents in their Junior a nd Senio r years . 

Q UALIFICATIONS: Male or Fe male, U.S. Chizen 
Ages 19 to 29 
College Gr adua tes or 
Seni o r s /Junior s . 
BS/ M S preferred 
Good healt h 

For more information call 293·6691 
Monday·Wednesday, 8 am - 4 pm 

Whopper and now fcatun ng a th ree- for-
(WO dine-in or take -out pedal on any 
one or more of five d ifferent Whopper 
specialues includmg the Whopper Sr., 
the Whopper Jr., the Whopper Ill , the 
Grand Wh pper and the Great Grand 
Whopper. All Whoppers Include special 
sauce, lenuce chc-cse, pi kle onions on a 
sesame seed bun , bur 01 course you can 
have It your way - or do we do that 
anymore1 I'm all confused . This IS 
Cheryl. May 1 take your order?" 

"Yes, what are your hours?" 
ot quite as interesting but just as 

bizarre as the beginning of a call is the 
end of a call. The most common se nd-
off these days see ms to be "bub-bye." 
What the hell is that? W hy do we 
become babbli ng In fants when it's time 
to say good bye? oon we'll be 
answering phones with "Goo-goo." 1 
realize that there seems to be something 
colder, more formal. more fi nal in "good 
bye," but why do we turn to "bub-bye" 
as the sugary substitute? 1 don't get it. 1 
am as guilty as any, but [ still don't get 
it. 

In be(Ween the beginn ing and the 
end of most phone calls comes the 
middle. (Hey, 1 eam my salary.) What 
people do in the middle of a call - a 
personal call - is the most interesting 
of all. People's mouths and actions 
separa te into (wo different dimensions. 

Eve rybody does something while 
talking on the phone. Nobody, but 
nobod y, just sits there. One hand holds 
the receiver; the other grabs the nearest 
plaything and amuses itself. Alwa ys. 

Ofte n the plaything is paper and 
pencil, and the results can be quite 
frighte ning. Have you ever analyzed 
your phone doodles? There's always 
some name or number left on that little 
phone message tablet you keep near the 
phone. And away you go. Draw a little 

box around the name. Draw a bigger 
box around the other. Connect the 
corners of one box to the other. Draw a 
diamond a round the whole thing. Color 
it in . Rewrite the name In script. Rewme 
it in big, blo k lette rs. Play with the 
letters. Play with the name. Put the 
name on a ma il box. Draw a street. 
Draw a tree . Draw a dog. Name it Spot. 
See Spot run . Whee! 

So meday someone will gath er together 
reams of phone art and analyze It an d 
figure out what's wrong with our SOCiety. 
That someday isn't today even at 
Honeywell . 

But people don 't hand-babble just 
with paper. Anything's a play toy. 
Anything. The phone itself works quite 
well. Telephone cords are just a blast. 
Give a (Wo-year-old a toy phone and it 
won't be the cute little d ial he'll play 
with ; it'll be that wonderful , curly cord. 
Two years old , 20 years old , 70 years 
old - it's all the same. You get into the 
phone mod e a nd the hand plays with 
the cord . First you wrap it a round the 
wrist, seeing how many wraps you can 
make before you run out of cord . Then 
you give that up and try to see how 
many curls can fit around your index 
finger. Then you do the same around 
your thumb and other fingers - and 
My God isn 't this fun . Then you try to 
get that one weird kink out of the wire 
- you know, the one segment that 
refuses to curl up like the others. The 
non-confonnist. 

And if it's not paper or phone, then 
it's a glass of water, or it's a quarter on 
the counter, or it 's your hair or the seat 
cushion or a razor blade ... I'd bener stop 
there. 

Yes, phonology: from beginning to 
end to middle, the phone experience is 
truly fasci nati ng. 

Bub-bye . 

All our stores celebrate our new Old Town location 

GRAND OPENING SALE 
--_ ... -. r-----------------------, Fr.nc:tI SIyIe All WeaIIIef Sport SuI 90 II 11 • 

I Cat ~ • $quaM • ftwIc:" wayknr. GlacIer SIyIe 
I Seils ,!sew, >Ofu (,IQn>J Ooenong I 
I Cat Ere· All >N""."", '''''' $4-8 $1.99 I 0_ I 
I • F.....:h SIyIeo sa 15 54.99 I .. ,,,,,, ' .omos • lluH'" Pro •• ,,,,,,,· I I 1 ...... __ • __ $1&-25 " .99 I 
I French h!,J/"1l9$ • l-onfostlC VOIue I 

~ _____ ~~~_~~~~~ ___ J 
Don' pay too much for aungla .... : We've got the lowest 

prices and best selection from 52.99 to $249.95 
Vuar .... " Carrera" Raybon" Style E.,. •• Sunc:louc:I" Hable" Bucci. latle. Cebe" Sc., eIc: . 

Old lawn 

Pa~C E¥J,. t7A.. 
Open 7 Days and Nlg"" 

La Jolla linclnllal 
2461 Son Diego Ave. 1030 TOIfey Pines Rd . 

(next to YogUrT Affair) 
454-e006 

745 First SI. 
(Lumberyard Shopping Center) 

942'(w7 C next to Old Town MeXican C a fe) 692-0059 

r 
All YOU CAN EAT! 

$250 
Mondays: 3:00 p.m. till close 

UCSD Special 
FREE Pitcher of Beer with any large Pizza 

with this ad 

Open for Breakfast at 7:00 am 
Phone Ahead: 452-0661 AD Items Available to Gol 

5 minutes from the UCSD 

KITCHEN 

UCSD softball reaches a new base 
By JEFF SAVAGE 

\ 

The UC San Diego Tritons tum their 
program around. 

I can name that team in ten guesses. 
That's how many it might take, because . 
program turn-arounds have become 
standard procedure at UCSD in 1984. 

This time it's the Triton softball team, 
which went from an 8-24 
embarrassment (with four of the wins 
coming via forfeits) in 1983 to a 32-14 
Western Regional qualifier one yt;ar 
later. 

The softbaU team concluded its 
season last week in Stonn Lake, Iowa, by 
lOSing the championship series of the 
Division 111 Western Region to the 
nation's second-ranked team. UCSD fell 
just one win shy of reaching the 
national tournament for the first time 
ever. 

Buena Vista College, a team the 
Tritons defeated a day earlier to reach 
the championship series, swept UCSD 
4-2 and 11-4 to advance to the 
Nationals and send the Tritons back to 
San Diego. But trying to get past Buena 
Vista was no easy task. NO! only had the 
Beavers gone to the Nationals the last 
three years, but also Stonn Lake is 
Buena Vista's home field . 

"It was a real big feat to try and 
accomplish ," said third-year coach 
Colleen Wight. "Playing on their home 
field had a substantial effect, and we 
weren~t able to deal with that." 

Because of their victory the day 
before, the Tritons needed to win JUSt 
one of the (WO games to advance, while 
Bue na Vista was forced to sweep the 
doubleheader. The first game proved to 
be UCSD's only real shot. 

The Beavers gOt on the board fir t 
With a si ngle run in the fir t inn ing on a 
double, a single and a sac rifice fiy 
agai nst UC D starter Vane a Davi . 

But U SD came nght back to tie J[ In 

the top of the second as Pam Hardaway 
led off with a double , went to third on 
Kim Allen's sacrifice and scored on 
Bamara Arnold's Single. . 

In the fifth , Buena Vista rocked Davis 
for three more runs with a walk and 
three run-scoring doubles to take a 4-1 
lead. 

UCSD waited until the last inning to 
moum a comeback, but by then it was 
just too late. Hardaway and Allen 
opened with back-to-back singles off 
Buena Vista's senior sensation Chanel 
Finzen. With two outs, Charissa 
Hammett singled to push Hardaway 
across , but Martha Bronson popped out 
to wrap things up. 

Now facing a winner-take -all game, 
Wight had to go with a tired Davis on 
the mound again in the second game. 
Although Davis had pitched numerous 
complete-game doubleheaders this 
season , the travel, the pressure and the 
complete-game perfonnance a day 
earlier took a toll on the senior, and 
asking her to shut down the Beavers 
was a bit much. 

Buena Vista jumped out to a 2-0 lead 
in the first inning, and the Tritons came 
right back in the second to cut the lead 
in half. Hardaway hit a towering 
homerun for UCSD's only round-tripper 
of the playoffs, and it was 2-1 . 

But in the home half of the second , 
Davis ran shon of fuel as Buena Vista 
exploded for five runs on five singles 
and a double. 

"She just lost It," said Wight. "She's 
gone two games a mtlhon times before , 
but she just didn't have it." 

The hosts increased the score to 8-1 
In the fou n h before the Tritons dented 
the scoreboard again . Tanya Keedy 
reached on a Single 'lnd moved to 
second on Hardaway's base hit up the 
middle. Then , despite beIng dOlVn by 

seven runs, Keedy tried to steal third . It 
worked in UCSD's favor as the catcher'S 
throw sailed over the third baseman's 
head and Keedy scored. 

In the seventh , the Tritons made a 
mild comeback effort as Allen and 
Arnold managed back-to-back singles. 
Grace Bearis drove in Allen from third 
with a sacrifice bunt to record the first 
out. Arnold made it to third on a single 
by Hammen, and came home on 'i 
ground Out by Bronson. However, Davis 
then struck out to end the rally , and the 
Tritons went on to surrender three more 
runs on walks en route to an 11 -4 loss. 

Still, reaching the c hampionship 
series was something UCSD never 
expected to achieve at the outset of the 
1984 season, and to have come that far, 
the Tritons had to banle every inning of 
the way. 

UCSD entered the Western Regional 
Tournament ranked tenth in the 
country, drawing Augsburg College of' 
Minnesota in the first round . UCSD 
pounded Augsburg, 10-0. 

The Tritons began things early as 
Bronson led off a first-inning rally with 
a single and came around to score on a 
double by Davis. Two passed balls later, 
Davis crossed the plate , and UCSD was 
out in front 2-0. 

The Tritons picked up (WO more in 
the third on singles by Davis, Keedy 
and Hardaway and a two-run triple to 
right-center off the bat of senior 
cemerfielder Allen. 

In the fi fth , a pair o f singles and 
saCrifice bunts set the stage for Allen 
again , and she delivered with an RBI 
Single 10 center. 

UCSD closed out the scoring in the 
seventh as Keedy led off with a double, 
scoring on Hard;l\vay's SIngle. Allen 
followed \vith a bunt back to the 
mound , but Aug~burg pitcher Lon Suac 

th rew too late to first. Arnold decided to 
try it herself, and this time Suac threw 
in plenty of time - but in the wrong 
direction - and both Hardaway and 
Allen l:ame around to score on the error. 
Arnold crossed the plate for UCSD's 
tenth run of the game on Suac's third 
error of the inning. 

Later in the day, Buena Vista defeated 
Augsburg 2-1 to eliminate them from the 
tournament. The Tritons and Beavers 
then hooked up for the first of three 
games. It would be UCSD's last win of 
1984. 

The Tritons had to face Buena Vista 
freshman Debbie Meyer, who hadn't 
given up a run in her last 48 innings, 
thereby lowering her ERA to a miniscule 
0.60. 

But the Tritons greeted the invincible 
Meyer with a three-run first inning. 
Bronson began with a walk and scored 
on Davis' double to left. Cathy 
Williamson reached base on an error, 
and Keedy followed with a Single to 
drive in Davis. Pam Hardaway closed 
out the inning with a double to drive in 
Keedy. 

The Beavers cut the lead to 3-2 in the 
second on back-to-back doubles and an 
error by shonstop Hardaway. 

But UCSD iced it in the sixth when 
Davis led off with a double, advanced to 
th ird on Williamson's sacrifice bunt and 
scored on Keedy's s ingle to center. 
Keedy then stole second and seared on 
Allen's bunt single. 

The 1985 season looks just a bright 
for the softball program as only three 
playe rs (Davis, Williamson and Allen) 
will be graduating. On the replacement 
of Davis as UCSD's number one p itcher, 
Wight stated that (wo freshman recruits 
"already appear set 10 come." 

And the 1985 playoffs already appear 
set to come for UC D. 



20 May 21 , 1984 
SPORTS . 

. .. ~~~'" ~»,:.:" ~ .~-" .... Y'>. ,';";' •• ~ ,',. ,,", •• , " -':,. " ','-:-':-:- x·~·~- ...... ' .. '. ". . .... ;.; .. ", 

Golfers swing 
through Syracuse 
By LOREE JARRELL 

Freshman Pat Weishan led the UCSO 
golf team to a 14th-place finish in the 
1984 Division 1lI ational 
Championships last weekend at 
Radisson Greens Country Club in 
Syracuse , ew York. With the help of an 
eagle on the tenth hole of the final 
round , Weishan fired a three-over-par 
75 to record a four-day total of 305 and 
eam All-American honors . Afte r 
completing his second round with a 79 

fo llowing a 77 o n the first da y, Weishan 
came off the 18th green less than 
enthusiastically. "He told us he hated 
golf and that he didn't want to play 
anymore ," said Triton coach Mike 
W ydra. "He sa id that hiS life was over." 
But Weishan came OUt the following day 
to post a two-over-par 74 before closing 
out with the 75. 

UCSD finished with a four-day total 
of 1269, 53 strokes off the pace set by 

Three-time All-American Bruce Nakamura couldn '/ eam such honors this time around. 

.---W1N $150----r 
In 

FREE TEXTBOOl(S 
from the 

UCSD BOOI(STORE 
Who May Enter? 

Any student who has a current photo-J.D. card and will 
be returning for FaD '84. 

What wiD you win? 

Why? 

Where? 

When? 

How? 

A non-trc..nsferrable prize of $150 worth of textbooks 
from the UCSD campus bookstore. 

Due to a manufacturer's flaw, aD UCSD l.D. cards issued 
to date must be re-made. 1his contest is designed to 
encourage you to have your photo-I.D. retaken NOW to 
avoid long lines in the Fall, and possible inconvenience 
in obtaining other services. 

Quonset 324, Warren Campus, on Russell Drive, east 
of the Cashier's office. 

Tuesday, May 29, through Friday, June 8, from 9:00 am 
to 3:30 pm. 

No waiting or charge is anticipated if you BRING YOUR 
ORIGINAL PHOTO-LD. CARD. Your photo will be retaken 
and your original card given back to you. When you pay 
your Fall '84 fees , you will be given your new cards at the 
tent near the Cashier's Office. 

The winner's name will be drawn from only those participants in 
this specially-advertised session, and her/his fee-paid status will be 
verified by the Cashier's office prior to awarding the prize. If the firs t 
winner is disqualified, a nother will be chosen; every attem pt will be 
l made to notify the winner during the week of September 3, 1984. 

champion al State Stanislaus, who won 
the Division III crown for the sixth tlme 
in ten years. Methodist College o f North 
Carolina fini shed second at 1219, and 
Ramapo College of New Jersey re orded 
a four-day total of 122 1 to place third . 

The Tn tons fil1l shed ten strokes from 
the top te n , and had an excellem 
opportunity to make up a good portion 
of that , but number one golfer Bruce 

akamura shot a dismal 85 in the third 
round to momentarily push UCSO back 
to 18th place. Nakamura closed with a 
78 and failed to earn All-American 
honors for the first time in his four-year 
stint at UCSD. If Nakamura had eamed 
such honors, it would have marked the 
first time in history that a Division III 
golfer had become a four-time AlI-
American. 

Rick Graber finished third for UCSD 
with a four-day total of 323, followed by 
Mike O'Laughlin at 327 and Byron Hay 
at 343. 

Rich G rabcrfi red a final-round 78 at Syracuse . 

Campus Rec pro~des slipped discs 
Grab your disc and join Campus Recreation on Saturday.June 2 for the Second 

Annual Disc Triathlon, featuring competition in distance, accuracy and golf to 
determine UCSO's all-around disc champion. 

The action starts at 10 am on Third Field with the distance and accuracy 
contests. Campus Recreation will provide the discs for these two events, but 
participants must bring their own golf discs as they venture through 18 holes of fun 
and obstacles. 

All students, faculty and staff ate invited to join in the fun . There will be two 
divisions , open and novice. The entry fee is $1 , which includes awards and 
refreshments. Sign up now at Campus Recreation or on the day of the event. 

* * * 

Also coming up the weekend of June 2-3 is an all-campus singles tennis 
tournament, presented by UCSD's Tennis Club. 

The tournament will feature men's and women's open, B-C and novice 
divisions. The cost is $2 for non-members and free for members. All participants 
must bring a can of new tennis balls. 

The entry deadline for the tournament is Thursday, May 3 1, with playing times 
available by noon on Friday. Refreshments will be provided to all participants. To 
enter, drop by Campus Recreation or call Laurel at x4037 for further information. 

..--OPTIONS IN THE HUMANITIES--. 
HUMANITIES MINOR: 

You can not take an interdisciplinary minor in Humanities, 
Upper division courses under the Humanities title are 

available to students from all four colleges, 
FALL QUARTER 1984 

Humanities 21A - The Early Western Tradition 
Humanities 22A - The Western Tradition from the 

Reformation to the Present 
Humanities 119Q - Special Topics In Modern German 

Thought (History) 

See your individual college counselor for information 
regarding Minor requirements, 

MINOR ADVISOR: Dr. John Marino 1560 HL 

HUMANITIES 21A-8-C and 22A-8-C 
Two sequences of second-year Humanities courses. 

beginning Fall term, An interesting way to get a basic 
knowledge of Western history. philosophy. and literature, 
Each sequence can be used to fulfill the second-year 
Humanities requirement at Revelle. but is also open to 

students from other colleges, 

Prerequisite: 
Completion of writing requirement in one of the colleges, 
Humanities 21 and 22 are not courses In composition (less 

emphasis on composition than In Humanities 11 or 12), 
If you have taken Humanities 11. take Humanities 22 to 

round out your program; If you have taken Humanities 1 '1. 
take Humanities 21, 

Humanltle. 1A·B-C - Covers period from Biblical time. 
to the Renaluance. Prof. Mouhammer, (Fall). 

Humanltle. 22A·B-C - Cover. period 'rom the Reformation 
to the present age. Prot. Cox (Fall) 

Each course offers 4 units - 3 lecturers. 1 discussion per week 

Running Thoughts 
- The Official Column of the 1984 Olympics -
By JEFF SAVAGE 

When I attend sporting events, I always make sure I get my money's worth. At last 
Saturday'S Padre game, for example, I whooped and hollered and jumped up and down 
as exuberantly as anyone in the ballrark. I enjoyed every bite of my three dollar 
hutuog. I kicked and clawed for fou balls - twice. And I made damn sure [ was 
sitting next to an "expert" and in front of an inebriated mule so [ could have beer 
spilled down my back. I went all out. 

The only problem with attending most sporting events is the lack of mobility. A 
ticket gives a fan JUSt one place to sit and watch the game. And with taday's innovative 
sports telecasts which give the home viewer 37 different angles of a play, an anchored 
fan is a deprived fan . 

Golf fans are a rather boring lot, but at least they aren't confined to one spot. Once 
through the gates, golf fans are free to roam the course at their leisure. They can follow 
their favorite golfer and see all 18 holes (and miss all the other golfers), or they can sit 
at one hole and watch all the golfers come through (ane miss all the other holes). Or 
they can do some of both (and miss some of each). Most golf fans circle the greens 
because that is where the action is. Some gather at the tees to see the drives, while 
others get lost along the fairways . But the greens , showcaSing chips, pitches and putts 
for birdies and bogies - that's where the real excitement is. 

As a group, golf fans are not referred to as a crowd , but rather a gallery. "Crowd" 
sounds too humdrum, whereas "gallery" sounds like an ultra-proper group observing 
fine works of art. The name fits perfectly because it is exactly what golf fans think they 
are doing. They treat golfers as magnificent marvels, thoroughly drowning them with 
idol worship. Yet they do this in a very contained manner. Good golf shots are greeted 
with polite applause. Tremendous shots may even afford a whistle or two. But plaudits 
for performance go no funher. There are no jumps for joy, no high fives in the aisles, 
no standing O's. Going berserk is simply not to be done. 

The gallery ~Iorifies the golfer in another SOrt of way. By being nice. Before passing 
through the main gate , a fan must solemnly swear to abide , at all times and cOSts, by 
the sacred PGA book. The PGA book - Proper Gallery Adulation book - strictly 
prohibits booing or heckling of any kind. Fans are limited to oohs, aahs and mild 
groans. 

Also, noise level is very important. One minute before a golfer hits the ball , the noise 
level may not exceed 0.8 decioels , Thirty seconds prior to hitting, the level may not 
exceed 0.6 decibels. Twenty seconds before hitting - 0.4 decibels, ten seconds - 0.2 
decibels , and five seconds prior to a golfer striking the ball, the drop of a rin must be 
clearly audible . The grand marshall carries a decibel gauge and a supply a pins around 
the golf course with him and conducts tests at random . If, at any time, the noise 
exceeds the maximum level, each fan ' in the gallery at that panicular hole must send 
the goUer a written apology. A second violation will require the fan to stay after the 
round and write "I am a disobedient and naughty piece of rifralf' 500 times on the 
blackboard in the c1ubnouse lounge. 

Although they're never given for a thunderous drive or a brilliant putt, standing 
ovations are allowed on the links and, in fact, occur quite often. They usually take 

There are no jumps for joy, no high fives in the 
aisles, no standing D's, Going berserk is simply not 
to be done, 

place on the last few holes of the course (especially on the 18th) as the golfer strides 
down the fairway and arrives on the green. But the gallery doesn't just pass these out 
like after-dinner mints. Standing O's must be earned. To receive one, the golfer must 
either be the tournament leader, a very big name or a recipient of social security. 
Otherwise, forget it. 

Golf fans also have a supreme commitment to ostentatious dress. They parade about 
the course in such gaudy costumes that even the golfers are beginning to complain. 
The men dress themselves in animal-crested knit shirts and name-brand perfect poly 
knit pants with seams in the front , while the women wear floppy flower filled hats and 
busy, bright, multi-colored conon shins that look like somebody poured fruit salad on 
them. The PGA subcommittee , which also goes by PGA (Proper Gallery Attire), is 
considering implementing a dress code which will limit a fan's attire to five colors or 
less (with a limit of three dashing). 

But what 1 find most puzzling is the golf fan's choice of shoes. In attending a golf 
tOurnament, walking is unavoidable. Even if a fan elects to sit at one hole the entire 
day, there's still the commute to and from the car, which is at least a mile. Most fans 
walk much farther than that. Therefore, it would certainly seem logical to wear as 
comfortable a pair of shoes as the wardrobe will allow. It doesn't work that way. Most 
fans wear blister-forming, circulation-stopping, leather golf shoes complete with spikes. 
Why do they do this? Golf shoes are worn by the golfer to provide good traction on 
the grass during the golf swing. Do fans need good traction as they walk along the 
cement cartpaths or when they sit down? 

Still, golf fans are among the most knowledgeable in sports. Through hours of first-
hand frustration - hacking and whilTing their way through rounds of their own -
they've learned all of the ins and outs of golf. They can't play the game very well, but 
they do know all the rules. 

And golf fans understand the breaks of the game. They don't ram and rave when a 
drive goes behind a tree as a baseball fan does when a drive down the line goes JUSt 
foul. They don't lose control when an iron shot skips through the bunker and Onto the 
green , as a basketball fan does when a 25-foot rainbow prayer somehow goes through 
the net. They don't punch the person next to them when a shot goes out of bounds as 
a football fan does when a pass In the endzone is dropped. Golf fans keep their cool. 

Golf tournaments also showcase Ronald McRainbow, a Christ Crusader of some sort, 
who spills paint in his hair and makes his regular appearance on television screens 
nationwide, week after week, by somehow managing to be everywhere at once. As a 
golfer prepares to putt on the 15th green , rainbowhead is right behind him at the front 
of the gallery, displaying his "Jesus Saves" t-shirt. Then the camera SWitches to the 17th 
tee, and sure enough, there's peacock hair at the from of the gallery , holding up a 
small sign that says, "Repent! " And he ha n't been cloned . 

Golf fans take a tremendous risk just by stepping onto a golf course . The 336-
dimpled golf ball is a registered lethal weapon , and nearly 20 shots per round (30 if 
Gerald Fo rd 15. playing) land among the gallery . But the c hance to see the likes of 
Watson . Nicklaus and Palmer, and , bereer yet, to waddle around looking like a 
complete shmuck and not have anyone care , is well worth the risk. 

The home of the 
35¢ hamburger. 

Under 10 minutes away! 

,r 

'I 

-

z 
\ \ .... p -

\.I "liT I'r 
7140 Miramar Rd. 

San Diego 
IJ..~~I!!!!!!!I!!!!!!!!! -_!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !!!!!!!!!!!! !!!-_!!!!!! !!!~ ........ .JI 

BIG MAC® PACK 
BiK MaC® Sandwich, LarKe Fry, Medium-Size Soft Drink ""II1II_'-

•11, Limit one coupon p e r Just $1.99 "11 customer, per VISit . Please II preHnt coupon when (plus tax) II II orderinll ' Not valid With any II 
II other off,,~. 0 I n y at: II 
-'I Valid thru 7140 Mira~ar Rd. II 

~:~~~-------~~~~~::~ 

.MK_c--. ..... ~ 
Sliadium Rings • .,~ 

only $94.961 , .... ~1lI.. -- ' 
A \."(R Now's the time to think about ~D' .- your college ring Not Just any 

ring a 14K Gold College Ring 
I .A. ~ SALE from ArtCarved The karat gold 
Ll'WI Jewelry that's designed and hand-

OF THE YEARI 
DATE May 21·25 
TIME 9:00· 3:00 

PLACE Bookstore 

ArlCarved Class Rings Inc 

crafted for lasting value 
And now an ArtCa rved 14K Gold 

College Ring IS more affordable than you 
think Choose from an enllre collection of 
14K Gold ArtCarved College Rings and 
save $25 ThiS offer IS for a limlled time 
only, so comE. In and see all the great 
ArtCarved styles With the cuslom options 
that can let you have the nng of your 
chOice. the way you want It 

So graduate In style Graduate to gold! 

DepoSl1 ReqUired ~ 
MasterCard or Visa AccePled 

Nahng else feels Ioke real gold 



22 May 21 , 1984 
OPINION 

~ ~~" •• '''~ ;:"~,,, >', c, , .,....~ , ';-'';. ~ :- .,,~. :r: .,;'1'; ~" •• N~l.~t·.. ." ,J' , 

Who's in control here? 
continued from page 6 
a board supervIsed by administrators and with 
only the capacity to "approve" deCIsions. 
Administrators have ultimate veto power over 
any proposals, and , as it stands, there are no 
guarantees that th e involved students \ ill 
represent their student body. tudent 
representatives must not doubt that the 
Administranon will be guarancccd space, 
expliCItly or nOt , but have nor felt compelled to 
securt!' these same condillons for theIr fellow 
students In the language 01 me referendum. 

It is no "Iost chance" If the referendum IS not 
passed, no hornble mistake. (And I won't even 
mention the blatant bribe or al least the "carrOt" 
the Administration presented to the students In 
the form of a "contingent" $3 mllhon , whIch If 
you invesllgate clearly you find IS really a $1 
million oITer of our money. The students are the 
ones that will be raiSing the $8.5 million , and 
without plans how do they even kr.ow they 
need that sum? Also, the fee is indefinite and 
irrevocable, Le ., it doesn't Stop at $8.5 million; 
it goes on and on. When does it stop? They 
don 't say. This is nOt pan of the contract.) 

on the underlying assumption that it IS 
adequate, but whether this referendum is the 
best possible. Any underlYing a sumptions of 
process control nOt made expliCItly known to 
the students are JUSt that - assumptions - to 
those who know. You might conclude that 
better alte rnatives eXIst and that there IS no 
reason to hand over the control and the cash 
through an iIl-concei\'ed and rushed 
referendum. 

In your stint at UC D, this vote presents a 
untque opponuntt)', unique in that I[ is one of 
the very few times that the University is obliged 
to follow your mandate . Does It nOt make sense 
that you secure the best possible deal? It IS in 
>'our interest to find out all possible pOints of 
view before you cast your ballol. 

y... 41 .... f Everyone agrees, I thi nk, that we need a "new" student center - If not a brand new one, an im proved and expanded one. The Issue 
at hand , I think, is nOt whether one should 
vOte yes or no on the current referendum based 

This pOint takes on even more meaning in 
light of the SCB's recent action. On Thursday 
night , the SCB flatly rejected a request to fund a 
campaign against the referendum, funding of 
an opposing viewpoint being standard 
proced ure in any county, city or state ballol. 
Instead, the board agreed to present an 
alternative view, but only under very restrictive 
terms and after thousands of dollars had already 
been spent on the "You Can Make a Difference" 
flyers , which obViously present the pro side of 
the issue. The "Magic Kingdom " referendum comes 10 the students this week. 

SOL 
Brothers. 

C[Flv(C[fU,A MOCll1u~.A SA 

Business and 
Technical Majors 

Highly responsible positions 
for college seniors and 
graduates (through age 34) in 
financial and logistic support. 
The Navy Supply Corps needs 
highly qualified , dynamic 
individuals to lead and 
manage large inventory and 
financial networks. Salary 
$18,500 to start, $34,000 after 
4 years. Excellent benefits 
package. Need BAIBS, U.S. 
citizenship. Call Naval 
Management Programs at 293-
6691, Mon-Wed, 8 am- 4 pm. 

STRESSED OUT? 
Our simple, 20 minute computer 
scored questloneer will Identify 

your levels of stress at work. home 
and In your personal life. 

Regularly $30 
Now In conjunction with 

Health and Fitness Week '84 
Special PrIce: $5 

Test will be given on: 
MONDA V. ruESDA V. May 21 • 22 

Drop in any time between 
5 - 8:30 pm at the 

La Jolla Village Square 
Community Room 

(lower level near Bullock's) 
Sponsored by: 

Organizational Stress Testing 

tf)lOuha\te 
_ dIarrhea that 

began within the last 48 hn and 
would like to partldpa1e In an 
Investigational drug study at the 
V.A. HospltOilI COlli Cheryl 
BeOlUmOnt or Steve Pandol M.D. 
1453-75001 ext 3284 for more 
Info. Upon completlan of the 
study )IOu wlU recehle 525. 

Clalllfled advertIIIng apace II IOId In 
100 character Inc:NmenII, Each 1etMr, 
punctuation mark and apace betttMen 
wordl II canaldered a c:harac*r, with 
capital leH.,. counting al two 
characterl, The rate II $1.00 per 100 
characterl for ltudenta and $3.00 per 
100 characte,. for non-ttudentI. You 
mull come by the office or mall In your 
ad, al we requlr. payment In advance 
of publication. Deadlln.l: 5 pm 
Tueaday for Thunday'l paper; 5 pm 
FrldaV for MondaYl paper. For more 
Information, call 452·3466. Th. 
Gudrdlan, UCSD, 1-016, La Jolla, CA 
92093. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
ACADEMIC INTERNSHIP PROGRAIII1 - placement In 
direct client contact/counseling - Includes 
seminar & tocultyodvlsor. 20 tn./ wk. Ecm academic 
credit. AWY I'ON at 406 Worren Compus. (5/25) 
Performers. food. tolk ott. displays. Ideas. energy for 
Cultural Fest. Rochel 457-{)541 or AS ofIIces. (5/24) 
Ecm oeademlc credit while researching constituent 
Issues: writing position papers; handling PR for STATE 
& NATiONAl LEGISlATORS. Apply noN at 406 Worren 
Compus - ACADEMIC INTERNSHIP PROGRAM, 
(5/25) 
What would you do W your fionce said. "Sony 
honeydew. but I cont-oloupe. "7 SSO & the CO\Ieted 
post ot Watermelon Queen to the seooiest response. 
Apply by June 4th ot the Revelle PrcNosYs 0fIIce, (5/'E) . 
ACADEMIC INTERNSHIP PROGRAM - 80m 
academic aedlt and goln experience In MEDtCAt. 
RESEARCH at UCSO. Salk Insf .. Scrlpps or prIvote 
COf'T1XlI'Iies. Apply now ot 406 Warren Campus. 
(5/25) 
Students for the prevention c:A nuclear war will meet 
Wed .. May 23 In PH 104. "Beyond War PnHentatlon," 
Nuclear war Is Inevitable only if you let It be. Come 
one come 0111 Get inllOllled. (5/21) 
Earn ocademlc credit through the Academic 
Internship P1ogram. Apptv nowl PIocemerots in video. 
magazines, news stations ond many more. 406 
WoKren Campus. (5/25) 
Prepared for the Primary? Meet local Democrotic 
condldates tor Congress. Stote Assembly and 
County Boord at Supervisors on Tuesday. May 29. at 
4:00. In the North Conference Room In the Student 
Center. (5/24) 
Attention Fountain Valley HS Alumnil Closs ot 1979 
celebrotes 5 yr reunion June 23 coli 714-951-«>69. 
( 5/24) 
Pre-Low students intern with lawyer on movie 
contract breach of controct sult. Eam academic 
aedit. Apply now. Academic Internship P1ogrom. 
406 Warren Campus. (5/25) 
It you like History. M & Travel. you'lI lOve tho 
EdJcotlon at Home Program. Came to Rm 6008. HSS 
Bldg on W~. May 23 at 2:00 pm tor further 
Informatlonl (5/21) 
Want to wortc on AS programming next year? (shaoNs. 
films. etc ) Good e>cperlence. Rochel457 -0541 ASAP. 
(5/24) 

Earn ocodemlc aedlt through the ACADEMIC 
INTERNSHIP PROGRAM - Admn. Analyst or Personnel 
As$·t. positions available for summer with the SO 
City/County paramedic pfOvlder, Apply noN at 406 
Warren Campus, (5/25) 
State Task fo(ce on comparable worth pay for 
women ~ summer local Intern, War'< on 
research. draft legislation. Apply now. Academic 
Internship Program 406 Warren Campus. Earn 

aeditl(5/~) 

FOR SALE 
' 70 Che>;elle 4-doof, lOOkS goo..... runs Ok. $375. 276-
3295. (5/ 21) 
Electric Boss - Gibson VIctory - exlnt condn -
cheny red point - two Ws - rod bass - Lan. S400 
abo 457-5393. (5/31) 
Motorcycle: HOODA Twlnstor 10 milage; great 
cond'n super roodblke S6750.b.o . + helmets 450-
9048. (5/24) 
19 72 Ch9\IY Novo. Oeom-beige. bOdy Int/ ext (point 
Inc.) in -V good condition. New botteoy Bo. rodiator. 
Tires opprO)(. 1 ~yr old, OrIginal owner. moIntalned by 
Dod. Great trans. for school. $1100 or negotiable. 
Cely (w) 452-3861 or (h) 457-4356. (5/24) 
1971 Datsun 11 0 ~-door. 3-speed automatic. 
Radiols, LOOks ond runs fine. $700.00. 279-2681. 
(5/31) 
For sole Datsun 710 Model 76102 thOus. miles good 
trorup. 51 (XX) call Olot 274-8265 or Hannes 45 7-3742. 
(5/28) 
Desk with bookshelf S45 459-5'E1 , Leave message. 
(5/31) 
Motorcycle - Hondo 350 economical. reliable. fun. 
S375 John B, evenlngsor~ends455-5240or452-
2598. (5/21) 
Lorge ofllce desk - 3'x5'. 7 drawer 2 typing ctowers. 
WoodgraIn top S120. Skis. boots. bindings Bo. poles 
S60. Block & 'Mlite N 520. Lazy Boy choir block SSO. 
Call David Levy 452-3811 or '459-1026 after 11 pm. 
(5/24) 

WANTED 
Will pay: EIlCP RIC aircroft modeler with IWA # for 
flight & const. As$lstance, Dave 697-6680. (5/29) 
Need 0 job to fit your schedule? Bur.,ar KIng is noN 
taking ~s. W-SU 4;30-5:00 4625 Mission Boy Drive. 
(5/21 ) 
Need opt. near P.B, or Mission Beach to sublet this 
summer - Coli Alison 453-6256 or Michelle 455-
1287. (5/24) 
BED AND BREAKFAST HOSTS - Guests in your hOme 
c:Afer on opportunity to meet people and earn extra 
IhComa. All you need Is on extro beaoom 560-7322. 
(5/31 ) 
LA JOLLA RAYHOUSE seeks tel&-sales penons for 
great neN season. Call Cothey 1-9 pm 232-1275. 
(5/24) 
.Job Opportunities. P10gr0m SpecIolIst, M and Crolls 
Director. Naturalist - Local Girt Scout Camp. for 
summer. near Julion, Love ot children and out at 
doors a must. e>cperlence In programming. M 
majors and 810 majors prefened, Contoct Barbaro or 

HAIRCUTS $995 HAl DESIGNS PERMS $2495 
Includes: 

• Shampoo 
• Conditioner 

only 

Includes: 

Also Featuring: 
Curls, Relaxers and Waves . 

• Shampoo 
• Conditioner 

only 

Using TCB Products With Specialists Willie or Ike 
OPEN 7 DAYS 

APPOINTMENT NOT NECESSARY 
UNIVERSITY TOWNE CENTRE - 455·0420 

Carrol at 298·8391 . (5/24) 
Revelle College is 10000Ing lora few seedv students to 
run for Watermefon Queen Apply at P1O'1s OIc 
(5/21 ) 

HOUSING 
Fem Rmmote, 2br/2bo. pool/joe. U condo. Non-
SrN<r. prot. pret. S275 + lUtii. 457-5789 pons. (5/21) 
3 spocesovall. ln great condo. 1 mosterand 1 single. 
3 pooIS/)OCUUIs.2 tennlscts. MorF. nosmoke.ontroo 
bus route just behind UTe. Must seal FUrnlshed. 
S240/mo. +1/ 5 utll, Summer SUblet only 452-8537. 
(5/29) 
Fem Rmmote stortlng fall qtr. Condo near UCSO. 
Pool. Jocuul 350/mo. + \7 utilities. CoIL Marlono 45 7-
2547. (5/24) 

PERSONALS 
Happy 20th Birthday Baobabl Wonno go to 
liojuana? We don'tl Ihonx tor betng you - what 
more could we ask for? (money?) We hope your 
birthday is as happy as your prom wasl Here's to 
more fun to come (Wnh soap in hand)1 Lat' 5 get high 
on "style"l Your Hirudinea pols - snappy & aoppy. 
( 5/ 21) 
Dearest Jeannie. HAPPY 20th Birthday cut,ell Love 
your bastest buddies Therese & Debblelill (5/21) 
Wont to surprise your bast trlend? Enter him! her in the 
Watermelon f'ogeontl 1st pnze: S50. Apply by June 
4th at Revelle P1Oo1OSt's Offlce. (5/29) 
Pregnant? Choose alternatives to abortion. San 
DIego P1o-Ufe League hOMlne. 583-5433. 941-1515. 
(5/21 ) 
Usal Help mel I'm lost. cold and hungry, I need you 
mommy. Love. your stuffed dog. Henryl (5/21) 

TRAVEL 
Council travel/ CIEE provides information on student 
charters. roilposses. int'I student ids. hostel cords. 
tours for ages 18-35, WO!k and study programs. and 
much more. Stop by the Student Center or call 452-
0630. (6/7) 
AlRFAAES. Worldwide for students. Inrt student I.D. 
cards. tours. roll posses. experienced advice. All your 
trOVel needs - Studenl Trovel Network. 1551 
Camino del Rio South - 692-9213, ( 6/7) 

LOST Be FOUND 
Found: chongewollet on 5/3 at Third College, Call to 
Identify. Sandy 753-2395. (5/21) 
Lost. at Generol Store. Blue baCkpack containing 
Items eX great personolllOlue (address bOOk. physics 
notes) Dena 457-4007. (5/29) 

Lost - HP41CV c alculator Friday 5-18 TUi or 
bet~ there and Revelle. Rewordl PIecBe retum. 
EECS mojo< needs It desperately Mike 294-8076 
evenings, (5/29) . 
Lost. Rectangular monev.clip . It has the initials RJ.R. 
on it ~ found please coil Bob at 299-1221, Has-
sentimental 110100 only. (5/21) 
Found: One right bloCk plastic pump at TG on 
5/11/84. Cinderella claim at AS Offices above EDNA 
452-4450 (5/24) 
Lost Hewlett Packard 11C Calculator. ~found please 
coli 452-7969 reword! (5/24) 
Lost 5/3: baseball mrt. Notural COIo</Tom Seaver 
signature. Reword. Suzanne Llfson 455-9644. (5/'E) 
Lost. In between AP&M and HSS Bracelet w/ ponklsh-
clear beads. purplish oblong peorls and gold bolls. 
Reword, Sentlmentol IIOlue. Suzanne Uhon 455-
9644. (5/29) 
Found: One necklace with crystal pendant. Call to 
Identify 453-7614 Argo 527. (5/21) 
Reword If you find my 14K gofd bracelet. Lost 5-16 In 
H.. 1116. Sentimental 110100. P1eose coli Jill at 452-
9936. (S/'}9) 
Lost. blue moth fOlder OS/10. IHound please coli Usa 
at 481 -5330. Thom. (5/24) , 
Lost. keys at Muir Field Sunday. May 13. Gold disc 
w / '1 Ski Instructor. Call DwIght 481 -1386. (5/'E) 

SERVICES 
WORD PROCESSING: Speedy service, PICkup & 
delivery on compus. Call Andy ot 279-8056. (6/7) 
Need a typist? Reosonoble - speedy - accurate, 
Thesis - papers - journal articles - Kathie 57~ 
1277. (6/7) 
Traftlc CIOsses. Court opprOlied. Sot. Sun. eves. UTC, 
Mission Volley. Torrey Pines Inn. Reg. 565-1767. (5/21) 
Typing. word processing. tope transcription. Quollty 
WOIi< at reosonoble rates. La Jolla. Sandy. 459-5818. 
(6/7) 
UNWANTED HAIR REMOVED PERfoMNENTlY near 

compu~ La Jolla ProtesslOnal Center, 8950 Villa La 
Jolla Dr. Suite 116Q.C CoIl for appt 457-4039. (6/7) 
Typingl Word Processingl Rush jobsl Term papers. 
theses. resumes. transcription. Jennifer .. 274-5005, 
(6/7) 
TYPING: IBM RUSH nBS term papers theses 
dissertations editing 45J.0656 (9\19) 452-1588. (6/7) 
Manuscripts. theses. dissertations. resumes typed. 
experienced 51 page OS Betty 755-4779. ( 5/24) 
TYPING - Term papers - theses - resumes. Fast. 
r8Osonoble. Pacific Beach. Corole 483-9109, (6/7) 
Typing S1 / pg dlscountw/ thisod At Kinko's CopIes In 
U Village Sq. (ocrOS$ trom compus) 232-9797, (6/7) 
Top Dra.wer Sacretorial Savice reporf1. monuscripts. 
resumes. lett91's, Reasonable coli 481-4160. (6/7) 
Burke Secretarial. Try our typingl Rush jobs speciolty 
- ftexlble hrs. La Jolla 455-6310 doys/457-3842 eve. 
(6/7) 
Women Incest survivors theropy group forming to 
meet Frl or Sot beginning In May. S20 per session. Call 
Julie or Ann 459-2100. (5/21) 
TYPIST. $1 per page. English MA term papers. 
manuscripts. Janet 454-4659 100m-9pm (5/21) 
High quality. lost. accurate. typing at speciol rate for 
students. Someday S9f\IIce. 16yrse>cp. Call Fery452· 
1393 onytIma (5/24) 

ZSC EYE EXAM 
This special is available With the purchase of soft contan lensesl 

S16~reg . '259 complete 
'for~onIy 

SOFT CONTACTS 
COMPLETE 

BAUSCH. LOMB 
Extended Wear 

Contacts 
NEW .. . 895 daily wear 

O,-T lenses 
NO 

EXTRA 
COSTS 

Dr. Steven Grossman Optometry HOURS: 
fyt' Cil~s~) & Dt)~, Ff.iWf'lt'~ Atw) A"'<l!I .. blf' 

243 No. Hwy 101 (THE BOARDWALK) SUI Ie 8 

BOTH 
PACKAGES 

INCLUDE 
v" Eye Exam 
v" Filling 
v" Follow·Up Visits 
v" Care-Kit 
" If we 're nol the lowest. 
lei us know who is' " 

481·2277. SOLANA BEACH 
Monday-Salurday 

10:00·6:00 PM 
. CXfer Expires 5/30/84' 

---Come to Revelle Plaza Tuesday, May 22--... 
NOON RALLY 

GARY HART 
For President 

Guest Speaker: Andrea Hart 
Daughrer 0/ U.S. Senator Hart 

Sponsored by Students With Hart - UCSD 

.-



HOW DO~ MERICA DO IT? 
HOW DOES THE REST or THt: WORlD 

DO IT?? 
(WHAT DO THt:y DO?) 

JOIN US IN fiNDING OUT IN 
THE 

IlYTEGRATED 
SOCIAL SCIEIYCE SE UElYCE 

Soda) ScIence lOA-B-C is an integrated sequence in Social 
Science that satisfies the Revelle Social 
Science and additional Social Science 
requirement as well as the Muir Social 
Science requirement. 

While each course in the sequence stands on its own, each also builds on the 
previous course(s). The sequence moves outwards from an initial focus in the 
first quarter to comparisons between countries in the second quarter and to 
the problems of culture in the third. As social beings, how are we alike and 
how are we different? What are the sources and consequences of our 
similarities and dissimilarities? 

fan 1984 - lOA: R. !'Iadsen 
Tuesclay-1bunclay 11:lO-12:~O pm 
USB 2622 
Special attention is paid to theories which seek to account for the 
unequal dlstrfbution of wealth, status and power in America. 
WInter 1985 - lOB: P. Golll'ft'itcb 
this course focuses on the evolving patterns of liberty, equality, 
authority and policy making in societies such as the United 
Kingdom, france, Germany, Japan, India and the Soviet Union. The 
emphasis is comparative and seeks to understand the development 
of different responses to similar political, social and economic 
problems. 
Spring 19M - lOC: R. D'Aadrade 
this course examines cultural universals and cultural differences in 
the modern world and includes case studies of cultural differences 
between modem peoples and a review of the concept of "national 
character." 

A NIEW Frond.n of ScI.llce 
Course for Fall, 1984 

Proatlen of Sdeace 138 
IE W <Q) ll1111 ful <Q) Im~ 

Thee UJIl'llllWeerr$ces> ILll~ce & IHIUllmmmImllttJ 
Coarse Code 2059 

Tu ·111,4:00 • 5:50 pm, 1m HL 1402 
An interdisciplinary synthesis of the prindples underlying the 
process by which the universe evolved. The course wiD range from 
consideration of subatomic particles to galactic clusters and from 
the "Big Bang" to the development of life and human dvIIization, 
including prospects for the future. Emphasis vviII be placed on how 
the revolutionary transformations that sdence is undergoing 
provide a new framework for centuries-old epistomoiogical and 
philosophical debates. 

r..nquI ........... ..-raJedacadaa nqab ....... 1D1IIIIanI 
lCIace 01' the eqalvaleat 01' COIIMId of 1utractDr. 

,.-------Guest Lec:turen wIIIlndude:-----~ 
Hannes AlfWn, UCSD 

Gustaf Arrhenius. UCSD 
Theodore BuBock. UCSD 
Margaret Burbidge. UCSD 
Maxwel1 W. Cowan. Salk Institute 
Paul Ehrlich. Stanford Uniwrsity 
E.AJ. Enge1.UCSD 
Clifford Grobstein. UCSD 
Robert UvinQston. UCSD 
Jorge Mand1las. SCRF 
Theodore Melnechuk. UCSD 

Stanley MJDer. UCSD 
LesBe 0rQe1. Salk Institute 
John Platt, UCSB 
Ramon Ruiz. UCSD 
Jonas Salk. Salk Institute 
WdBam Schopf, UClA 
H. Eugene Smith. UCSD 
WiJliam Thompson. UCSD 
Erik Trinkaus. Univ. of New Mexico 
Sherwood Washburn. UCB 

UNIVERSITY CENTER REFERENDUM 
I VOTE YES! I MAY 21--25 

The following organizations endorse the 
UNIVERSITY CENTER REFERENDUM: 

Associated Students 
Muir College Council 

·Warren College Council 
Revelle College Council 
Third College Council 
Student Center Board 

I VOTE YES! I 

. -

University Center Planning Committee 

Join your elected representatives and support the 
university center referendum! 

DONfT TAKE YOUR 
UNIVERSITY CENTER 

FOR GRANTED! 

TOGETHER WE CAN MAKE A DIFFERENCE! 


