
• I 
I 

: I 
I 

-J- .. ' ! 
/ - ' 

-------.. - ---

-

\ 

\ \ .-\)(::/ 
/)<" 

~ / 
WeD, he's after your soul ... 

. Sto~ 011 paJe 7 . 
• elated ecUtorlil 011 pBle 4. 



The Gaines Ashley Whippet 
Invitational State Championship for 
disc-catching dogs will be held June 9 at 
10 am at Robb Field in Ocean Beach. 
There is no entry fee . The event is open 
to any dog who can catch a frisbee. The 
winner, first- and second-runner-up will 
receive an official Gaines Ashley 
Whippet Invitational T-shirt . Each 
contestant will receive a Games Ashley 
Whippet Frisbee. For more information, 
contact the Parks and Recreation 
Department at 226·6034. 

o 
UCSD professor of Biology has been 

electcd to the Newton-Abraham Vlslllng 
Professorshlp 10 Medlcal, Biologlcal and 
ChemIcal SClcnces at the Umvers lty of 
Oxford for the 1984-85 year. 

o 
Between 1,500 and 2,000 books will 

be on sale from noon 10 2 pm Friday 
May 11 in the annual Friends of the 
UCSD Ubrary book sale at Central 
Library 

o 
The Cinco De Mayo Celebration, 

sponsored by MeChA, is a part of the 
UCSD nine-day Festival MUSIcal 
Imerculturas Latinas. The celebration 
Will mclude speakers, dancers and 
MeXIcan-Chicano music performed by 
"Los A1acranes Mojados" and 'Los 
Califas." 

o 
A Tennis Clinic wiD be held on 

Sunday May 6 at 9 am. The clinic is 
sponsored by campus recreation and 
will be taught by tennis coach Tad 
Yamaguchi. Participants will be able to 
fine- tune their games by viewing 
themselves on video-tape. Call 452-4037 
for details and sign-up. 

1968 ... 
In a lecture Wednesday night, James 

J. Kavanaugh claimed that 
institutionalized religion is dying - and 
is dead for many people. He went on to 
say that the revolution today, which is 
rebelling against the "Christian myth," is 
as significant as the emergence of 
Christianity was in its time. "The church 
never actually chaDenged society," stated 
Kavanaugh, "but has been the custodian 
of the status quo." 
1969 ... 

Whereas the AS Senate is empowered 
(ASUCSD Constitution, Section 3) to 
"assume such additional authority as 
may be necessary for the welfare and 
efficiency of ASUCSD," and whereas the 
pursuit of education, knowledge of one's 
background, one's environment and 
oneself is an integral aspect of the 
welfare of the ASUCSD, ... be it hereby 
resolved that the Senate supportS BSC 
and MAYA in establishing Lumumba-
Zapata College. 
1970 .. . 

An impromptu meeting in Revelle 
Cafeteria Wednesday night, called to 
discuss the role of the Department of 
Defense at UCSD, led to an 18-hour sit-
in at the Institute for Pure and Applied 
Sciences. Nearly 200 people left the 
meeting, entered the Institute on the 
third floor and occupied the hallway, 
where they staged a sit-in until 5 am. 
1971... 

"Bill Buckley's Traveling Salvation 
Show" came to UCSD Monday, courtesy 
of DIMENSION and the Campus Studies 
Institute . Preceding the two days of 

tAGO is sponsoring the Second 
Annual Gay Blue Jeans Day at UCSD on 
Friday, May 4. The event is meant to be 
an expression of pride on the part of 
the gay community, and a day for the 
non-gay communiry 10 wear their jeans 
as a show of support for freedom in 
human expression. For more 
Information, caU 452-4297. 

o 

UCSD professor of Biology Jean 
Wang has won a grant of $157,500 for 
the support of her research In the 
acnon of cancer-causing genes and 
growth regulanon. The gram comes from 
the Searles Scholars Program. 

o 
Marketing communications wHi be 

the topiC of a new series of classes 
offered through the UCSD Extension 
beginnmg this fall. Students can earn 
the ProfeSSional Certificate in Markenng 
Communications by compleung six core 
courses and twO to four elecllves 
Classes available WIll mclude "Target 
Marketing," "Writing for Marketing 
Commumcallons" and "Direct Mall and 
CaLllog Marketing: among others. For 
mure information , contact Extension at 
452-3434. 

o 

The annual Summer Translation 
Institute at UC Santa Cruz will take 
place between July 2 and July 27 . The 
intensive four-week program IS deSigned 
to Introduce students to the art of 
translating fo reign literature into English 
and to give advanced students an 
opportumry to sharpen their skills. For a 
free brochure call (408) 429-2524 or 
write Summer Session, UCSC, Santa 
Cruz, CA 95064. 

panel discussion and seminars on 
conservatism in America, William F. 
Buckley said that he thinks that FBI 
Director J. Edgar Hoover "does not have 
enough power." 
1972 ... 

In response to requests of a number 
of students and individuals, I, William 
"MCElroy, am making the following 
personal statement on the 
intensification of the war in Vietnam .... 
Most Americans want our involvement 
in the war to end , and support the 
President 's policy of troor withdrawal. 
The renewed bombing 0 North 
Vietnam, however provoked , cannot be 
justified by our national interest, and, 
more probably, is contrary to the 
disengagement virtually aD Americans 
endorse . 
1975 ... 

Last Saturday, in an aU-day 
symposium, Dr. James R. White of 
UCSD led a host of speakers in 
discussing the health and fitness of 
students and public servants. According 
10 White, ''The average student IS in 
very poor physical shape." 
1976 ... 

In what he called "one of the lOughest 
ordeals of my life," UCSD's Arnold 
Mandell yesterday explained his 
position on his book The Nightmare 
Season, an expose on his association 
with the San Diego Chargers as team 
psychiatrist. 

1977. .. 
Angelika Byczkowski has a cause - a 

cause some might say is "for the dogs." 

The New Council 
The campaigning is over, the election results are in, but the real politicking 

may have just begun. The new AS preSident, Marc Boroditsky, said he is already 
being hounded by campus constituencies for political favors . Lobbying efforts 
are expected to increase as the new AS Council begins to look imo the creating 
of next year's budget. 

Yet Boroditsky and most of the new AS membership are not primarily as 
concerned with the budget as they are with the basics of running the council 
effectively. Since the AS Express and the SPUD slate split all but a few seats in the 
new council, some have questioned how well the two parties will work together. 
"I hope working with the AS in the future wiD be the same as it was during the 
election campaign ," said newly elected CommIssioner of Appointments and 
Evaluations John Trumpler. "This was the cleanest campaign ever. Only one 
violation was filed [against the More in '84 slate) . Both our slale and the AS 
Express worked weD together during the campaign, and I believe we wtll work 
together well during the year." 

President Boroditsky is also looking toward working cohesively d,uring the 
coming year wuh the new counCIl but WIth a few reservauons. I see no 
problems working with the people from SPUD. But I do think there are some 
people who got in there who don't belong on the AS." Asked why he felt that 
some of these new officials did not 'belong," Borodnsky flady stated, "They are 
nO! qualified ." 

There has been some skepticism about the qualifications and experience of 
one commissioner in particular, Rachel Friefelder, the new programmer. Some 
council members have been heard to say that her freshman status and the fact 
that she is just 17 years old will make it difficult for heno perform her job. Since 
she is not an adult by law, she will be unable to officially cnter imocontracts for 
bands, speakers, etc. A programmmg board should help her out with any 
contracts. Morever the SPUD people are playing up Ms. Fncfelder's young age as 
an asset. "Rachel is very involved in the Musicians' Club and the Women's 
Resource Center," said new Commissioner of AppOintments and Evaluations 

John Trumpler. "The people from SPUD were very impressed by her, and her 
age will probably help to bring new ideas to programming." 

If there are any problems in any new counCil members not performing their 
job responsibilities as defined in their job deSCriptions, both Trumpler and 
Boroditsky have plans to rectify them through a new evaluations program. The 
new proposal, oudined by Boroditsky, would require every cou~cil member to 
evaluate his own performance and state each month what, speCifically, he had 
done during abe previous month. 

"In other words, you're not going to be able to just get by by pUlling off. f?~ next 
month ," said Boroditsky. ·Youll have a certal". am~nt of ~spo,nslbihues to 
achieve each month. If there IS a problem Wlth dead wetght, a board of 
evaluations will make it known." Boroditsky feels it is the right of the students to 
know which council members are performing their duties and which are not. 
Therefore Boroditsky is looking to me Guardian and other media to publish the 
self-cvaluations of council members. ·Under the label of SOCial pressure you can 
get rid of a 101 of dead weight. I thi.nk by actually publishing their evaluations 
they wiD have to deal with the pubhc much more than the counCil has done In 
the past." 

In order to efficiently run the new appointments and evaluation program, 
Trumpler is seeking to get academic credit for his council work. "I want to put a 
lot of time and energy into the job," said Trumpler. Commissioner Trumpler is 
already working on plans to put together a freshman orientation packet that 
would inform new students about the myriad of opponunities of campus 
involvement. 

Meanwhile , Boroditsky is already planning ways to fulfill his campaign 
prom.ises. The AS Ex~ress goal of ~ude~t invol~mem is .fo~~ost on his list of 
prionues. "I would like to get rid of one mlsconcepnon, said Borodltsky. 
"When you come to this school as a freshman, you are able to enter tnto any 
program you want." 

In order to get freshmen and upper class students involved plans for a 
student involvement week in which all student organizations, including the 
alternative media and co-ops, would have tables set up and answer questions 
for all interested students. "It is son of sick that evetyone on this campus knows 
what a TKE is but .not what the BSU [Black Student Unionl is," said President 
Boroditsky. 

If the new council is able to implement these programs that are thus far in the 
planning stages, the prospectus for an involved student campus and 
responsible student council looks better than it has in many years. 

Like many other students with dogs, 
Angelika wiD be allected by the new 
UCSD dog laws going into effect May 2. 
Angelika is organizing a dog-sitting 
service with eight to ten people as 
volunteer handlers. The proposed sittin~ 
site would be nonh of Central Library, 
with both enclosures and open running 
areas. 

1978 ... 
Based on the results of the final vote, 

"Third College" captured the majority of 
ballots cast to become the official and 
permanent name of the college. In 1969, 
the Black Student Council and MAYA 
proposed that the permanent name of 
the college be Lumumba-Zapata College. 
Because of the controversial character of 
the name, the question of a permanent 
name for Third College was not 
addressed until 1974. 

- Sleven R. friedman 

1979 ... 
When the surfs up, one may find 

Paul Saltman away from his Academic 
Affairs Office "body whomping" at the 
beach. Saltman says that surfing has 
been an integral pan of his life for 40 
years, a spiritually fulfilling way of 
providing for an "existential extension 
of the self." Walerworld once called him 
"The Surfing Professor." 
1980 .. . 

Saying that the Signature drive to 
qualify the marijuana initiative for the 
November 1980 baDot was in serious 
trouble, the initiative's proponems 
yesterday appealed to volunteers to 
collect 200,000 more signatures before 
May 27. To date the lnitialive has 
collected 225,000 signatures. 

- Christopher unole 

Faculty pay 
scale upped 
By KRISTIN DONNAN 

The UC system is vulnerable to 
"faculty raiding," where professors are 
recruited away from UC schools for 
better pay, according to Marj Javet, 
assistant vice chancellor of academic 
personnel at UCSD. She said the 
University traces this and other 
problems to the inferior salary levels 
offered in UC schools. 

Javet explained that faculty pay scales 
are not determined aroitrarily; rather, 
comparable schools group together to 
establish standards for their levels. Javet 
said that in UCs case, lower-than-
standard pay scales lead to faculty 
retention problems. These difficulties 
"rise with the eminence of UC schools," 
since the better the faculty, the more 
attractive it is to other institutions. 

In an attempt to equalize UC faculry 
pay scales with our system's 
"comparison institutions," the state 
plans a 23% pay increase. About half of 
the hike is already on faculty paychecks, 
with the rest expected by January, 1985. 
Javet said this increase will constitute 

the first raise the UC faculty has seen in 
two-and-a-half years. 

Javet blamed California's "bad 
economy" for the length of time since 
the last pay increase in July of 1981. 
This year, however, Governor 
Deukmejian has earmarked money in 
the state budget to provide the planned 
increases. The additional/ay is 
expected to be distribute in two 
installments of 9% (of last year's salary 
levels) in July 1984 and 4% in January 
1985, though Javet said these figures are 
subject to state legislative approval. The 
remaining 10% was aDocated earlier this 
year, to make a total of 23% increase. 

The comparison institutions include 
Yale, Harvard, University of Wisconsin, 
Cornell and University of Illinois, among 
others. Javet sbowed an e-xample of the 
discrepancy between the UC system 
and tllese other schools by examining 
an arbitrary pay level as it stood two 
years ago, during the drought in the UC 
raise allocations. Records show that UC 
professors earned $37,082 while 

Semestervs. quarter 
By SEAN WAGSTAFF 

Since UC BeMley transferred to the 
semester system, there has been much 
talk and controVersy about UCSD 
switching as weD. The last time the 

. Academic Senate voted on whether 
UCSD should go to the semester system, 
it split, 50-50. 

last Thursday, die Revelle Curriculum 
Review sponsored a quarter vs. semester 
debate at Why Not Here? 

Dr. Stanley Chodorow, professor of 
History and Tim Dresselhaus, ReveDe 
biology major, were the key speakers in 
favor of the semester program. 

Dr. Paul Saltman, Professor of Biology 
and Jeff Goldwin, Revelle Political 
Science major, argued in favor of the 
present quarter system. 

Among several reasons for supporting 
the semester system, Chodorow 
emphasized that the quarter system 
provides insufficient time to delve into a 
subject, and that this is particularly 
injurious to humanities, social sciences 
and the ans. 

' In the semester system there is time 
for students and faculty to develop a 

subject, to get into a subject, to take the 
time necessaty to ruminate on a subject 
and to learn enough during the first part 
of me'semester, in oider to cany out 
sophisticated and accurate research 
projects in the lab. In the humanities, 
social sciences and the ans, ten weeks 
simply is not long enough: said 
Chodorow. 

Saltman, on the other hand, stated, 
"The issllt is how can we offer you that 
environment for teaching and learning 
which gives you the greatest diversity, 
the greatest intensity, the greatest 
opportunity to try things. If you like la 
professor) for quarter one, take him for 
quaner two, three, four and five . 

'What's most important to me is that 
I have yet to find a way that we could 
do biology [in the semester system), the 
way biology is done at this institution, 
without really having to cut some cloth 
in some very strange ways and make a 
strange looking patchwork quilt. 

Chodorow thinks it's important that 
students be allowed an occasional lapse 
in their pace. 

please tum to page 28 

comparable instructors earned $46,024. 
This difference causes problems when 

potential faculty members are 
interviewed. They are often attracted to 
universities offering higher wages. To 
circumvent the initial reactions of 
prospective employees, Javet said that 
UCSD has been inclined to offer "off-
scale" (higher than the established pay 
scale) salaries. Last year, three professors 
were recruited this way, though over 
time their salaries wiD average with their 
colleagues'. 

One advantage the UC system has in 
competing with other schools is a 
comprehensive benefit package, Javet 
said. Though it is lucrative as it is now, 
it has also been negotiated recently to 
prOvide even more benefits. On the 
average, Javet said the UC benefit 
package will be 4% higher in value than 

the comparison institutions' this coming 
fall. 

Javet said next year's enrollment 
allocations intensify the need for 
revisions in UC faculry pay. She said 
that 500 more undergraduate students 
and 37 more graduates have been 
provided for in faD '~ planning, which 
will necessitate the acquisition of 29 
new faculry members. The quality of 
these new instructors may be 
jeopardized if UC schools cannot 
equalize with their competition in the 
area of salary. 

Javet commented on one last inherent 
disadvantage for the UC system. She 
acknowledged that though much of 
California's climate is attractive, its 
hOUSing costs are rwice as high as those 
in the Midwest. With low salaries added 
to a high COSt of living, future faculty 
prospects could be dim. 

Revelle wins Tyler prize 
Roger R Revelle, director emeritus of 

the Scripps Institution of Oceanography 
and professor of science and public 
policy at the Universiry of California at 
San Diego, and Edward O. Wilson, the 
Frank B. Baird, Jr., Professor of Science 
at Harvard University, have been elected 
as the 1984 Tyler Prize Laureates and 
the winners of the John and Alice Tyler 
Ecology-Energy Prize , the Executive 
Committee of the Tyler Prize announced 
on April 26. 

The 1984 Tyler Prize will ' total 
$150,000. Dr. Revelle and Dr. Wilson 
will each receive $75,000 and a Tyler 
Prize Gold MedaDion at a formal dinner 
ceremony to be held May 23 at the 
Beverly Wilshire Hotel in Beverly Hills, 
California. ' 

Revelle pioneered research in 
oceanography and atmospheric 

conditions, and was one of the first to 
recognize changes in the atmosphere 
due to the release of ca{bon dioxide 
caused by the burning of fossil fuels -
the "greenhouse effect." He led 
expeditions that discovered the Mid-
Pacific Mountain Range , and he and his 
colleagues were. the first to measure heat 
flow from the interior of the Earth. 
Revelle helped establish cooperative 
international research programs related 
to the oceans, including the 
International Geophysical Year (1957-
1958) and the International Indian 
Ocean Expedition (1958-1963). He 
earned his AB degree at Pomona College 
and his PhD at the University of 
California. 

Wilson received worldwide 
recognition as a leader in ecology and 

please !U m {O page 8 

Attorney Assistant Training Program 
A short-term, pf'lJcticlJl dlJytime progf'IJm for 
individulJ/s interested in IJ plJrs/eglJl clJreer. 
August 15-December 20, 1984 lit UCLA 
For persons who IJre-
• seeking new skills to help with career 
advancement or change 
• just entering the job market and wish to augment 
a college education 
• returning to the work force after an absence. 
This program is intended to prepare candidates to 
perform a wide variety of legal assignments with a 
law firm, corporate legal department, bank, 
insurance company. or public agency . 

The 18-week pl'O(/rtlm covers civil litigation. civil 
procedure , legal research. personal injury law. 
commercial law, entertainment law. and criminal 
law. 

Now in its 12th yellT, the program is approved by 
the American Bar Association and is offered in 
cooperation with the UCLA School of Law. 
Placement services are available. 
Appliclltion Delldline: July 10, '984 
For further informlltion and an application. call 
Sydney Goines (213) 825-0141 . Or mail the 
coupon to: Attorney Assistant Training Program, 
UCLA Extension-P.O . Box 24901 , Los Angeles, 
CA 90024. 

--------------------Please send me information on the 
Attomey Assiltllnt rrtlining Progrtlm. 
Name 

Address 

City/State/ZIP 
HLJ14 



... Apri130, 198'1 
OPINION 

Editorial 

Registration letter: a proposal 
REGISTRATION STATUS FORM 

SECTION A REGISTRATION 
() Yes, register me with Selective Service. I will be 

informed immediately when I am needed in a 
war. 

() No, do not register me with Selective Service, 
but send me your catalogue of nonexistent 
altema ti ves. 

() I have already registered. Here is my Selective 
Service number, Social Security number, Driver's 
License number, Student ID number and 
address, all of which you already have, and my 
Book-of-the-Momh Club number, credit card 
number, teller-machine code, all of which you 
may soon have a right to, and collar, sleeve, 
waist, inseam, hat and boot sizes, all of which 
you may soon need. 

SECTION B 
I do not have to register because: 
() I am a female. (Attach a copy of your binh 

cerrificate, and explain why your parents gave 
you a boy's name. Include photographs 
revealing proof.) 

() I am too young or [00 old (keep personal 
opinions OUt of this). Not valid in Iran. 

() I am currently an active duty member of the 
military. (Veterans, we can get you the second 
time around.) 

() I am a lawfully admitted non-immigrant alien. 
Oust wait until you immigrate.) 

() Other. (You cannot be too other for the Army, 
unless you are going to wear blue jeans this 
Friday.) 

YOU MUST REGISTER BY COMPLETING SECTION A 
EVEN IF YOU BEUEVE YOU ARE NOT QUALIFIED 
FOR MILITARY SERVICE OR IF YOU FEEL YOU 
WOULD BE DEFERRED OR EXEMPTED FROM 
SERVlCE. YOU WILL HAVE TIME TO WORRY 
ABOUT THAT DURING BASIC TRAINING. 

I hereby cenify that the information I have entered is 
accurate and complete and provide all my private 
information and numbers again so you can strike 
them all off my records. 
SECTION C 
() The addressee is prevented from completing 

this form by a condition beyond his control. 
(List condition and attach proof - artists' 
impressions or prose pictures will not be 
accepted in lieu of photographs. Moral 
conditions and Constitutional conditions do nor 
apply in this case.) 

() The addressee is deceased. (Attach copy of 
birth certificate, death certificate, coun 
testimony and the murder weapon. 
Transcriptions of seances will nor be accepted. 
Suicide is not an acceptable cause of death. The 
addressee's belief that this letter is the first step 
to his impending death is also nor acceptable.) 

() Other. (If kidnapping by aliens, send National 
Enquirer cover story.) Please provide all your 
private information and numbers aU over again, 
so we can strike them our of our records, 
including mother's maiden name, father's mother's 
maiden name, mother's father's mother's maiden 
name, grade point average and whatever else 
you can think of offhand. Are you now or have 
you ever been a member of the Communist 
Party? For whom did you vote in 1980? Would 
you like to join the Republican Party? If not, 
why not? 

Signature __ ~~ ___ ~ ________ _ 
(If deceased, addressee need not sign.) 

If the addressee is able to sign, his condition does 
not prevent him from completing this form, and if 
his condition is beyond . his control, it is certainly not 
beyond ours. 

PIIVAC¥ ACT STATEWENT 
My in/on .... "" on ... _ co. be pnMd<d .. _ "'-"" 01 Defnw. T'---'.~ •• _ . tnd _ and 
H ..... SeM< .............. ...-.....,q.n. ____ 011 ............. (tho CIA ........ k _ ............ Of 
not'. _OlIo< 01 v ........ ' ~ ......... _.0Id __ ..... _ .............. loa. 
any Tom., Okk or lianywho hl.ppr:N to" Wt (:MI_'" ~ &om anyont.~. wt.~ woukt 
!hot bel 

ll<efr\t<elf~n®ilit<err~n<efrtt<err~ncefrtt<elf~n<etttt<elf~n<e(tlt<err~n<etttt<elf~ll\e(tlt\err~ll(!:tttt<elf$ll(!:tttt( 
frcerr~lettersn®fdt<elf~n<eilitcerr~n®(tlt<err~ll®tttt®rr~ll<etttt®rr~n~frfr<elf~ll<eilit(!:rr~ll<e{tlt<err~ 
lf~n<ettfr<err~n~frtt<err~n<efrfr<elf~ll~ilit®rr~llceilit®rr~n<efrttcerr~llce{tlt<err~ll<ettfr<elr$ll<e{tlt<eIr$ll~ 

n<ett\t<elf~nceilit®rr~ll<eilit®rr~n®tttt®lf~ll®tttt~rr~ll®tttt®rr~ll®ilit<err~.ll<eilit~rr~ll(!:{tlt<err~n<eilit( 
Sir. 

I must respond to Ralph 
Rainwater, Jr. (Commentary, April 
26). I have no doubt that many 
who cri ticize the Califomw Review 
have not carefully read an issue; 
however, I disagree that by doing 
so one will encounter arguments 
forcing a reassessment of one's 
beliefs. I remember readmg an 
article challengmg the view that 
women are discriminated agamst 
In the Job market. The wmer 
made the brilliant observation 
that becaus!' women "choose" to 
have children. they end up With 
the short end of the stlck 10 
tenns of wages How 
enlightening! If this IS the main 
reason most people over 65 
livmg in poverty are women, or 
that most people on welfare are 
women and their children, or 
that women make 59¢ for every 
dollar earned by men, then the 
obvious solution is for women to 
stop having sex with men unless 
those men can prove their 
sterility. Why take chances wlth 
risky and less than perfect 
contraceptlves? Are children a 
compensation for a life of 
poverty? Would men be Willing 
to make that trade? If this 
scenario does not please the 
writer then perhaps some 
fundamental issues should be 
addressed. Why' should women 
end up impoverished because 

they and not men become 
pregnant? Is this truly 
reasonable? Are there no 
alternatives? Is it not vi[lll 
(literally) that women continue to 
have children, and if so, should 
they be punished financially for 
doing so? Far from challenging my 
view, this writer has not really 
challenged anything except his 
own credibility. I found this 
article typical of those in the 
California Review. It was full of 
back-paning, but not much real 
mformation . 

Sir: 

Alice Angell Green 
Department of Sociology 

I am wTltlng III oppositlon to 
the bulletln on page 17 of the 
April 23 edition for a 'Gay blue 
jeans day," sponsored by LAGO. 
I rarely read this obscure page, 
but an obscure friend brought It 
to my attention . If this hadn't 
been told to me I wouldn't have 
known about "gay blue Jeans 
day." On this day I'm sure that 
many students will be wearing 
blue jeans. Come this Friday. I 
will wear blue jeans If I feel so 
inclined - whether for the sake 
of comfort or because all my 
other pants are dirty (most of my 
wardrobe consists of blue jeans). 
Many of the students who wear 
blue jeans on this day will not be 

gay nor will they be making a 
statement in support of 
homosexuality. If you take a poll 
on Friday, May 4, I'm sure that a 
high percentage of people 
wearing blue jeans dldn't know 
about this day, and If they did 
they probably forgot. or don't 
even give a damn If you tell 
them. When you see your 
stereotypical UCSD punk rocker 
type charalter With holes in hiS 
Jeans (whIch he ha~ been 
weanng all week) walking 
alongSIde of his girl fnend (who 
has a purple nuorescent 
mohawk), I'd be Willing to bet 
they dldn't know dbout "gay blue 
Jeans day" and If they did they 
wouldn 't care because hlur jeans 
are too common at UCSD. I 
noticed over half of my 
classmates were wearing blue 
Jeans today, I don't think this 
will change slgnifi andy on May 
4. Why doesn't LAGO have a 
"fatry outfit d"y"? This way you 
Will know who IS gay or supports 
homosexuality and who does 
not. They obviously want to be 
publiCIzed - they did form an 
all campus organization. Can 
LAGO members really believe 
that when they wear their Jeans 
on Fnday that everyone else 
wearing them is also ga), or 
supports their organtzation] The 
thought IS humorous to me. 
ludICrous, I he Idea of trying to 

express your sexual ideology by 
wearing such a common article 
of apparel. Why don't they dress 
in something that will obviously 
bring homosexual conno[lltions 
to mind. For example, if I saw a 
man wearing a pink tutu on 
Friday With a bridal veil and 
emerald slippers, I would assume 
that he was expressing suppOrt 
for homosexua!tty. I realize that 
thiS suggestion IS to an extreme. 
hut LAGO members should wear 
some thing to represent 
themselves that can't be mistaken 
for anything else, like a pin-on 
button that says "LAGO." If I see 
someone with holes In their 
Jeans, a leather Jacket. and a dog 
collar with protruding spikes, 1 
will assume that he or she 
supports punk rock because this 
attire induces con not.1tions of 
punk rock. 1 don't intend to 
degrade them, I'm just using 
them as an analogy. I don't see 
why the g"ys cannot be as 
blatant in matching their 
representation. j personally am 
going to wear blue jeans on this 
Friday to support my 
organization, "NOGO" (no on 
gay organizations, Anita Bryant 
President), and their "anti-gay 
blue jeans day." This is the way I 
wish to express my human 
solidarity. 

Scon Papathakis 
Junior, Warren College 

Editor 
Tim August 

Managing Editor 
Phil Lauder 
Copy Editor 

Joe Desiderio 
Opinion Editor 

James Ralph Papp 
Contributing Opinion Editor 

David Wolf 
News Editor 
Lisa Lapin 

Contributing News Editors 
Steven R. FQ~dman 

Phil Willon 
Arts Editor 

Andrew Keeler 
Associate Arts Editor 

John Nee 
Spons Editor 
Jeff Savage 

Features Editor 
ChristOpher Can ole 

Photo Editor 
Rich Pecjak 

General Manager 
Chris Milke 

Associate General Managers 
Linda Lewis 

Valerie McMullin 
Photographers 

Rob Friedenthal 
Mark Johnson 

IU ustrators 
John Ashlee 

Steve Kloepfer 
Typesetters 

Joe Desiderio 
Anggie Lapid 
Phil Lauder 

Andy Laurence 
Production 
Paul Farwell 

Rob Friedenthal 
Lizz Fuller 
Kelley Neal 

Karla Spencer 
Scali' Writers 

Lance Bernard, Ethan Feerst, 
David Fleminger, Roben Geyer, 

Jackie Gladfelter, Mike 
Greenberg, Kim Haddad, 

Christina Kaus, Sergio Klier, Ian 
Langdon, Roben Leone, Michael 
Partos, Julie Richter, Dena Rosen, 

Sharon Sogomian, Yen Taylor. 

The UCSD Guardian is 
published Mondays and 
Thursdays during the academic 
year by students at UCSD. Views 
expressed in the GUilrdian do nOt 
represent the views of the Regents 
of the University of California or 
the Associated Students of UCSD. 
All un·initialled editorials 
represent the views of the entire 
editorial board of the GUilrdian; 
initialled editorials repres'ent 
minority opinions of the editorial 
board. Reproduction. publication .. 
or any use without permiSSion of 
any ponion of this newspaper 
without prior nOtification is strictly 
prohibited. 

[he Guardian welcomes signed 
letters and commentary as outlined 
in the Opinion section; however, 
we are ·not responsible for 
unsolicited manuscripts or art. 

Our office is located southeast of 
the Revelle flrovost Office next 
door to the Che Cafe on the UCSD 
campus. The Bueiness OlTice is 
open from 9 am to noon and 1 pm 
to 5 pm Monday through Friday, 

Subscnptions are available and 
Will be mailed first class for $15 per 
quarter. 

The UCSD Guardian 
UCSD,8-016 

La Jolla, California 92093 
(619) +52-3'466 

CommentarY-

Common sense 
for conselVatives 
By ALAN COLLEY 
"Ltt the names of Whig and Tory be 
extinct, and let none orher be heard 
among us than those of a good citizen. an 
open and resolute friend. and a virtuous 
supportel' oj the RIGHTS oj MANKIND .... .. 

- Thomas Paine, Common Sense 
This leftist rhetoriC won the hearts 

and minds of millions ,md launched the 
Amencan Revolution. Let the open-
minded compare these words with 
those of that conservative deity. 
Edmund Burke, who claimed "Amenca 
never dreamed of such absure doctrine 
as the Rights of Man." If believing the 
Rights of Man are not absurd doctrine 
but tlmeless truths is radical, then 1 am 
radical. If supporting these rights makes 
one a leftist, then this campus IS rife 
with leftlsts. Burkean conservatives 
beware! 

Ralph Ramwater's portrayal of the 
Right as open-mmded intellectuals 
beleaguered by the ignorant, dogmatic 
Left (Guardian, April 26) was amusing 
invective but hardly an "unchallenged 
bright Spot of UCSD student 
Intellectuahsm " The propenSity of 
Rainwater and the rest of the Californta 
ReView to stereorype anyone more 
progressive than themselves as strident 
"leftist vermm" IS disturbing, to say the 
least. JUSt because I do not think Ronald 
Reagan IS the hee's knees does nor ' 
me.In that I am a humorless Stalmlst. If 
Ramwater's sweepmg generahzatlons are 
the best a "thinkmg conservative" can 
put forward as arguments agamst the 
Left, then It IS high tlme to see an ebb 
of the new conservatlve movement. 

Here , some discussion of the 
distinctions among !tberals, radicals and 
progreSSives i~ in order. Often the 
Review wallows in criticism of the 
excesses of Modern Liberalism and the 
Welfare State. But it must be 
remembered that · he radical press. far 
from being in harmony, spends an 
almost equal amount of time taunting 
the white, upper middle class, which 
guiltily and condescendingly throws 
money at the problems of the poor. 
They are obviously valid criticisms of 
modem liberals but it must be 

remembered that their Ideal, that it is 
the duty of government "to promote the 
general welfare." runs to the core of the 
American tradition . 

Rainwater describes the radical press 
as "frozen in time." Much of the 
alternative media's message has 
remained the same over the years. but 
only because the object of ItS Crttlcism, 
advanced capitalist society, has 
remamed equally constant The English 
Chartists spent 20 years making the 
same six demands (for such radical 
things as universal suffrage and the 
secret ballot) only because the 
aristocracy refused to change. The 
Chartists' msistence that every person 
had the right to vore became strident 
and repetitive, but this in no way 
lessened the truth that the people have 
the right to choose their own 
government (in spite of Burke's 
protestatlons to the' contrary). 

Equally, the truth of die l1ew II1dicatu"s 
claims that the s[lIrvmg have a right to 
food and the repressed have a right to 
justice are nor lessened by the paper's 
sometimes strident, self-righteous tone. 

That we are only these variations 
from a polltlcal wmg that is Infamous 
for ItS sectarianism IS part of the pomt. 
The relative merits of anarcho-
syndi alism or social democracy are nne 
topiCS for loud and heated arguments in 
the Puh, but any differences evaporate 
when we apply our Ideology to Amenca 
today. When it comes down to how we 
feel about Ronald Reagan. we are all 
Unified and we all conSIder ourselves 
progres ives. 

At Rainwater's assertion that those on 
the Left despise the United States. we 
can only laugh. We love America, borh 
the people and the land . and that is 
why we shout so loudly when we see 
the government exploit the people and 
pillage the land. 

Funnier still is the Right's conviction 
that they are the only form of 
intelligence on campus. That Rainwater 
can profess this belief when his own 
paper's latest edition offers the slogan 
"Kick Russia's Ass" as the solution to the 

cold war requires of degree of skill m 
double thinking that Tass would admire. 
Another Strict comparison hetween the 
"IntelleCtual" conservatives and tl,e 
"ignorant" progressives muld he seen In 
the propag,mda presented hy the 
v<lnous sbtes In the recent AS elections. 
The conservative ~bte . AS Express, 
passed out brochures full of glossy 
photos, while the progressive slate. 
PUD, published a detailed , Itemized list 

of thw stands. beliefs and goals. The 
conservatlve may disagree with SPUD's 
be!tefs . but no self-respecting Intellectual 
could vote for photos over rational 
argument. 

All thiS IS not to say that the ReVIew 

taff members Jre slmp!tstlc fascists The 
paper, although very uneven , does 
present some well-written argument. But 
rather. It IS to dispel the Rlght's self-
portrayal as the guardians of Intellect 
and mnovation We disagree with 
I:onservatlves when they sa)'. With 
Burke. "A spirit of Innovation is 
generally the result of il selfish temper 
and confined views." We believe the 
Sptrlt of Innovatlon anses from a 
rational awareness of Imbalance and 
inequality and a deSire to progress and 
Improve the world . When conservatlves 
denounce innovation, we feel the 
Intellectual's natural and only recourse is 
progressIvIsm. 

Preparing for losses by either SPU D or the AS Express, I received the 
inspiration for twO poems. Since there was no clear win by either SIde. I shall 
attribute losses to both , and kill two birds with one stone. 

By JAMES RALPH PAPP 6% WILLIAM BlAKE 

Spudites. spudites. burnmg bright 
In the middle of the fight. 
What combatant. strong and rude 
Has caused thee to be barbequed? 
By what distant leaneteer 
Old you skm begin to sear? 
Were T-shms what you overlooked? 
Is that what made you overcooked? 
What the photo? What the graphiC? 
What the hairdo that they affect] 
Or did conserva tism's rise 
Tum poml11cs souffle Into french fries 7 

By JAMES RALPH PAPP 6% LEIGH HUNT 
AS Express (may Its trtbe InCre'lse!) 
Awoke one day Irom a deep dream of peace. 
And saw. clear by the mommg's cruel light. 
The ravaged debris of the previous night. 
And they beheld (the image with them stiCks) 
The AS Calendars, piled in flaming ricks; 
This last TG their memories so wrecked 
The TGs are all they can recollect 
To tell the voters, who, employing clout, 
Proceed unto the polls to vote them out. 
And now on every Side you hear them say 
That Mr. April didn't live into May. 
And so they shut the Calendar, and then 
Put him to bed with all the other men. 

THURSDAY, MAY:I 
Concert -

SUNDAY, MAY 6 (COII't). 
Concert -

TUESDAY, MAY 8 
Concert -

WEDNESDAY, MAY' 
Concert -

FRIDAY, MAY 11 
Concert -

UCSDWi ... E_ ...... 
John Fonville, Conductor; Music 

by Gomez (BraZil), Revueltas 
(Mexico) and Kagel (Argentina), 
Rodrigo (Spain), and Villalobos 
(Brazil) . 
UCSD '.rc ... Io. EII_W. 

Jean·Charles Francois, Conduc· 
tor; Music by Chavez (Mexico). 
12· 1:30 pm 
Third College Plaza 

SATURDAY, MAY 5 
Concert -
Uoreac a.rlter 

Traditional Spanish bell calls and 
Voz Campana, il bells Improvisation 
piece. 
S pm 
CME, 408 Warren 

SUNDAY, MAY 6 
Concert -
Uclati.o E •• emble 
UCSD M.alc II 

MeXICan, Chicano, Latin , 
Amencan. Popular, and Folk MUSIC . 
4pm 
Third College Plaza 

Caf. COlICiert. 
Concierto de Tangos; poetry 

reading by Julio Estrada. 
Spm 
8-210 Mandeville Ctr, 
Comitas & Beer 

MONDAY, MAY 7 
Concert -
Electro Ac: __ ie: Mule: 

Latin American music by 
Jacqueline Nova (Colombia); Jose 
Maria Neves (Brazil) ; Mario 
Davidollsky (Argentina); Conun 
Aharomian (Uruguay); and Joaquin 
Orellana (Guatemala). 
8pm 
CME, 408 Warren 

Lati. A ... erica. Cha .. lter 
M •• ie: 

Saucedo (US/Mexico); Nobre 
(Brazil); Orban (Spain/ Cuba); 
Estrada (Mexico) ; V~lalobos (Brazil). 
Spm 
Mandeville Auditorium 

C .. rtet. de C •• r .... Let_o 
AIIIeric_ 

Perform works by Halffter 
(Spain/ Mexico); Baca Lobera; 
Nancarrow; Carrillo (MeKico); 
Ginastera (Argentina). 
Spm 
Mandeville Auditorium 

THU8SOAY, MAY 1. 
Concert -
Do. F.1ix Trejo a..cIo. 
E_ ...... 

Performs Mexican Corridos Music 
by Revueltas (Mexico); Va/carcel 
(Peru); Salas (Chile). 

FESTIVAL' MUSICAL 
INTERCULTURAS LATINAS 

~~MAY3-12,1984~ 

Velie Nieto Pielao Recitel 
Music by Lavista (Mexico) ; Santos 

(Spain); Urreta (MeKico); Marco 
(Spain); Malcolm (Cuba); Enriquez 
(Mexico). 
Spm 
CME,408 Warren 

SATURDAY, MAY 12 
Concert -
l.dl •• ·A ... rlc.. M •• ic • 
Da.c. 
FIaIII_co MD •• Daac. 

Rodrigo Hollman, Paco Sevilla, 
Guitars, Pilar Moreno, Remedios 
Flores, Cantaoras. 
MHuo M •• ic 

Jarocho Ensemble, Vera Cruz, 
MeXICO. 
Afro-C.ba. M •• ie 

Miguel Cruz & Skins. 
6 10 pm 
Mandeville Auditorium 

Chic_o Art bhiltit 
May 7·12 
East Room 

Beer & Quesodlllas Ge.eral Adm_io. for M •• deville A.ditoria ... E"e.t.: $], .t.de.t. 'n •. PI._e cOllfir .. all dat •• by calli.S 452·]239. 
In CooperatIOn WIth Third Col c and Center for MUSIC Experiment. 



CommentaIY-

Anemia and the 
coming explosion 
ByLL BREAUX 

I am siuing here thinking how sad It 
IS that tens of thousands of people 
starve to death every day on this planet, 
in countries with governments that are 
powerless to help or that could not care 
less, or with governments that awvely 
encourage such behavIOr from their 
dirty, rude, smelly and uncivilized 
populace, 

Sometimes this populace manages to 
inconvenience Its rulers by somehow 
acquiring guns and other weapons, but 
not for long, The populace does not 
really stand much of a chance. The)' 
fight anyway, though - like madmen. 
Their blood IS hOI. They demand a 
better life and food and clothing for 
their families. They are prepared to die , 

Up nonh 01 the equator, people live a 
lot beuer, because thiS IS where the 
rulers of the planet live. Mainly Ihey live 
nght here, in the US of A, and you can 
thank the Good Lord or your lucky stars 
or whomever you thank for the extreme 
good fortune that let you be born here 
and not in, say, Libya, where your life 
might very well be wonh less than a cup 
of milk. 

If I were to construct an analogy to 
represent the overall condition on this 
planet, It would be something like this: 

Imagine a man knee deep in gasoline 
inside a dark shack lined with shelves 
of high exploSives. The man IS chain 
smoking, alternating between joints, 
clove cigarettes and a bigfatwet Cigar 
butt. And the room does not explode. 
The man stands, smoking, oblivIOUS, 
and the room does not explode. 

Outside the shack, little, anemic, 
blank-faced men pile more explOSives 
against the Sides . They, for the most 

Ca 
for 
Appointment 

part , do not understand what they are 
dOing. The ones that do understand do 
it anyway, because once in a while the 
man inside opens a window and throws 
some biSCUitS out to them. The blank-
faced men have been raised eating 
biscuits, and they do not want to eat 
anything else. They do not ask the cigar 
man whal the hell he's doing in Ihe 
shack, knee deep in gasoline, smoking. 
They JUSt keep piling up those 
explosives. They do not ask the cigar 
man any questions, because they are 
scared that he might quit throwing them 
biscuits. They have to have theIr 
biscuits, and so do the mice men 
running around under the ir feel eati ng 
any crumbs that might happen to drop 
down to the ground . These mice men 
can get Into some rough scuffles, 
fighting for crumbs. And of course the 
shack does not explode 

Well , that is a grim picture. The world 
IS obviously nOl so grim as this. But 
nonetheless tOlal destructIon hangs over 
our heads like a sword on a thread . And 
the sword does not fall. I th ink that if 
the untverse were built on systems of 
random chance the sword cenainly 
would have fallen by now and spilled 
our brains onto the floor. The sword has 
nOl yet fallen: Somebody up there must 
like us. It never huns to have friend~ in 
hlgh places 

BeSides the sword problem and the 
starvation problem, this planet IS an 
excellent place . It IS almost as if It was 
made for us , or we were made for it, 
whiche\'er you like. Right now, howeve r, 
It seems to be going through a 
sc hizophrenic phase. Many people 
living on it are schizophrenic too, and I 

r---------------------------------------THE TOGUIT (UP ]I i 
Next to Big Bear Mkt & the I'OSt O((lCe '" Unlvcrslty City, Corner 01 Governor Dr. & Rc\o:cnts RooJ . I 

r---FLAVORS: ONE FREE 50z YOGURT 
with the purchase of 
any other size yogurt! Chocolate Raspberry Boysenberry Praline'N'Cream 

Chocolate Mint Vanilla 
Lemon Strawberrychecsccake 
Strawberry Mocha 
Pumpkin Peanut Bulter 
Coconut B1ueberrycheesecake 

La jolla Viii_ICC Drive Cl 
::oL g UTe 
.1 N.ellr to ~ g _B.g Belr ~ 
:;: * GOYJ:rnor Dr, 
::0 
!l-Call U8 for daily flavors: 457·2339 

THIS COUPON GOOD FOR ONE FREE 50% YOGURT 
WITH THE PURCHASE OF ANY OTHER SIZE YOGURT 
* ..... Apt! az, 1'" * Only 211 Miles Away! One Coupon Per Cultomer 
Opt'n Mon-Thurs IO:30am-9:30pm; Fn· 'at lO:30am-IO:oopm: un I 1:00am-9:00pm ..J 

---------------------------------------

do nO! excuse yours truly fr('m havmg a 
slight touch of thiS modern day menwl 
malady. At least I am never bored. 

When }'OU look at the state of the 
world, It IS simply 100 much 10 a k that 
wc all be ane and normal. It seems to 
me that many times normality IS a good 
excuse la r cowardice, ostracism and 
other such faCile slllpldltles We are all 
of us a little weird, but we have been 
taught thilt weirdness is a sic kness. 0 
here we are, being creative humans, 
which, by the way, has a lot to do With 

The Duelist 

weirdness, and blaming ourselves lor it, 
as if we .He 1101 supposed to be that 
wa}'. As far a~ I am concerned, this IS 
lIke plugging your ears With wax and 
putllng a blindfold over your eyes, 
except It occurs in Ihe Imnd , which IS a 
far more powerful and thus more 
dangerous thing than your eyes or 
cars. 

I'll make the wax into a candle and 
wipe my bun with the blindfold, thank 
you. This is a fine old schtzophrenic 
phmet. 

Foul stroke in 
the stipend rematch 
By CHRISTOPHER CANOlE 

Like a fencer backed against the wall , 
down on scoring 0-4 with just seconds 
remaining in his final competition 
against the crowd favorite , the president 
of this year's AS Council has thrust into 
thiS Wednesday's AS agenda a fmal, 
frantic stroke for stipends, hoping 
officials will not detect his underhanded 
maneuver. 

Last spring Lee and his team were 
cheered imo office by UCSD students 
w1th the cham "No stipends, no 
sti pends, no stipends" by a margin of 8-
1 on a referendum. 

During this year, Lee made several 
personal substitutions in the team 
originaUy selected by the student body. 
One of those substitutes will be carrying 
on as next year's team leader, Marc 
Borodltsky. 

Boroditsky and three other council 
members abstained in a stipend vote 
two weeks ago, claiming they wanted to 
avoid any public condemnation over a 
conflict of interest. This left Lee down 
0-4 on the deciding votes he needed for 
his stipend proposal. 

Last Wednesday, as Lee's opponents 
were at the Triton Pub waiting for the 

election commissioner to announce this 
year's results, Lee maneuvered a 
reworded stipend proposal into the 
counCil mceting, to be voted on this 
week. 

By anyone's calculation, and 
knowledge of those loyal to Lee, If the 
four AS Express candidates change their 
votes from abSlain to yes, the stipend 
proposal will win by one vote. Since 
some of these voters are both Lee 
appointees and newly elected 
officers, there is little doubt as to the 
~~tcome. 

The reason this second auempt is 
being thrust upon us now is that on 
next year's Council those in favor of 
stipends have just a one-vote margin 
over those in opposition, with those 
voted in as independent candidates 
leaning against stipends. 

The issue here is nO{ stipends but 
rather the use of the previous stipend 
vote, by cenain AS council members 
running for office, to give the 
impression of honesty. Then after their 
victol)' in the election, they arrogantly 
plan on changing their vO{e as a second 
slap in the face of UCSD students. 

tke Jre. ,J,PJJrS! 
Buy One 

Get One for 1/2 Prlcell 
Purchase any menu Item at regular price and 
get the next Item of equal or lesser value for 

onlv 1/2 prlcel 
Not valid with any other coupon. expires 5/30/84. 

Not good on take-outs 
8867 Villa La Jolla Drive, In Ralph's Shopping Center 

ASTHMA & HAYFEVER 
SUFFERERS 

Volunteers needed for Two Allergy Studies using a new treatment. 1&60 
years of age with asthma /wheezlng, cough, or shortness of ~ath) or with 
hayfever /itching in nose & eyes with sneezing & nasal congestion caused by 
pollens). 

ntis study Includes,. SI50 Stipend /~ for partidpation) 
• Free Allergy and Blood Testing 
• Conveniently scheduled visits 
• Total Time - less than 10 hours 

For further information 
W.".." PI .. kow, M.D. 
WlIII.m W.U .. , M.D. 

416-.918 
755-671. 

(astrrna or ~I 
(hifytever onlyl 

Board Certified Allergists 

By CHRISTOPHER CANOLE 

George Orwell coined the word "Newspeak" as the most subtle form of power abuse by any govern ing system. Today's "Newspeak" is 
composed of panial presentation or rewriting of facts , 
slick television commercials, sensationalist rhetoric , 
lvague and misleading language uscd espeCially by 
government spokesmen tl)'ing 10 conceal truth and 
influence public opinion and actions. 

ThiS week, the Director of Seleclive Service, Thomas 
K. Turnage, newspoke to some coUege campuses In Ihe. 
San Diego area to "answe r the many 'registrallon ' 
questions which have developed today, to clear up 
gray areas and 10 address the controversies 
surrounding registration ." 

Before rurnage's arrival , his advancc man, Terry 
Knight, a former pitch man for trad e shows and DJ in 
Sacramento, made both written and phone contact 
Wllh campus associated studem program directors and 
news media to ensure all InfOrmallon would be 
presented according to the Selecllve Servlcc's 
guidelInes. The press packet included a ItSt of eleven 
"Questions for the Director" to be asked in radiO, 
teleVISIOn and new paper Interviews. 

"Terry Kl1Ight called me to know if I wamed Turnage 
to speak to Ihe stude nts," said UCSP AsSOCiated 
tudem Programming Director Greg Hemperly. "He 

asked us If we wanted to arrange a program like the 
one he planned fo r San Diego Sta te. [ originally 
scheduled Turnage to speak on the gym steps. Then 
Kl1Ighr called me later and told me he would not 
conduct a presentation in a non-controlled space. He 
didn't want Turnage facing any form of anti -
registration questIOning or demonstration: 

This was Just the first of many ground rule changes 
by Knight and Turnage. On Tuesday, Turnage was 
scheduled for an imerview with the Daily Aztec 
newspaper at San Diego State University. "Knight 
called me to say the interview day and time had to be 
changeLi to Wednesday," said Daily Aztec reponer Brad 
Fikes. "Then JUSt an hour before the interview, Turnage 
called 10 grant a phone imerview only. The first 
question 1 asked dealt with his comroversial 
relationship with Edwin Meese. Mr. Turnage informed 
me he was in San Diego for the sole purpose of 
proViding an update on the Selective Service system 
and nothing more. Those were the final words of our 
five-minute interview: 

Fikes' question to Turnage was in reference to the 
IIlformation pre.ented by the govemment offiCials 
investigating the nommallon of Edwin Meese as US 
A([orney. Turnage, an old Ca1tfornla fnend of Meese, 
was the person who WaIved (he mi1ttary education 
requirements for Meese, allowing his promollon to go 
forward. The promotion Included assignment to a 
resurrected resen'e slot With the Sdecl1ve Service 
headquJrters A cordIng to an Army Inspector general 
report. this reserve slot that Meese was given had been 
abolished In 1969 because It was used as iI "havcn" by 
people ~eking to aVOid mandatory retirement or more 
strI ngent educational requlremems. The day PreSident 
Reagan announced his appoIntment of Turnage as 
director of the Selective Service, Meese was assigned to 
the "haven ." 

Turnage's programmed visi t to UCSD was to begIn 
with a radiO interview at KSDT (10 be br adcast at 1 
pm this coming Wednesday over the speakers around 
the Hump). Then Turnage agreed 10 an inte rview with 
the /lew indicator at 1 pm and The UCSD Gua"uia /l at 2 
pm, just after a brief meeting with David Gardner, 
president of the Ul1Iversity of California. 

During a phone conv~rsation confirming the 
imerview, Knight proudly exclaimed Turnage was vel)' 
eager to speak to aU the campus media. Knight 
claimed that in the imerest of good faith Turnage 
agreed to an interview with the new indicator, knowing 

Big Brother 
at UCSD 

Tom Turnage, Head 
US Selective Service 

fu ll weU that It was "one 01 those Ht WIng 
puhhcallons." 

At noon , Kntghl c<llled the Guunililll 10 Iry ,md 
resc hedule and h.we our reporter, Sit In on the KSIJT 
IntervIC\\ , which was alre.ld} III progre.;s. ~lIlCl' Knight 
had not yel proVided the cllmpletc pres~ palkct lor the 
Interview, It wa~ pOIllIed l)ut that such ,1Il armngelllcnt 
would lImit our diSCUSSion \11 the subj(:lt. 

When the KSDT mtervtcw ended, KnIght asked a 
GuardlUn reponer to POll1t out J "safe" locdllon to cat 
lunch so as nO! 10 be notll.:ed by <In} of the ".lntIS" 
(reglstrauon resisters) They asked If the care the 
heard was locatcd neM to the GlwrcilUlt would provide 
a secluded area III which lO cat. Upon belllg mfllrmed 
the), were rcft'rrmg to Che Cafe, they uecldcd 10 eat Jt 
the Tnton Pub 

On the way to the Pub, an "anu" dressed as a 15-
foot- tall black caped specter pursued Turnage and 
KnIght from KSDT to Ihe pJrklllg lot. Within mlllutes 
Knight called the new mdlwtor sta ting that their 
interview ~vas cancelled because of the lIlcldent, even 
though the specter idelltifled himself as a 
representative of o\RD. 

At 12:45 pm Turnage met with UC President David 
Gardner. "I thInk I was able 10 impart certam aspects 
of the system (Selective Service system ] that he may 
not have been familiar With : said Turnage. "We 
chatted just briefly about the hazards of misqUOtation, 
if not direct by nuance, when you have different things 
reported in the system." 

"We had a vel)' brief meeting at his invitation , for 
the purpose of sharing with me the present condition 
of the effons of the government to register those 

persons who should be registering for Ihe draft," 
Gardner sa id III a news conference thaI afternoon, 
"and also to share wi th me the views of the 
government on the Solomon Amendment There was 
nothIng more to it than thaI." 

Gardner went on to cla ri fy what he had discussed 
wllh Turnage "I stili stand by my statements reported 
In tod,Iy'5 Scm Dlcgo UnIOn. And I shared them With the 
gentkman and we respe<.:tfu lly d isagreed WIth one 
;IIlOlher. 

Nt}' m n<.:ern h Ih.1I under thc terms 01 thc llomun 
Amcndment , wOlTIcn sllIdent<; who are seeking 
hn.lIlclal ,lid .trC un.lffected ," sa id Gardner. "Male 
·tlIdcnts who requm: no linanci;ll .lIt[ are unalfected . 
rhe only on(: allctt(:d by th~ ::,olomon Amendment 
arc 1TI.llc ~tudem. who requlrc Icderally-Iunded studcllI 
It n.mcl,11 .lId .' ~ 

Gardner then made a sigl1lficant comparIson "Now 
If II IS reasonable to require those students to give 
eVidence ul havmg men register for the draft because 
they are recelvlllg sub~id les from the federal 
government, II would be equally reasonable 10 expect 
that lrom anyone who IS recelvlllg a subSidy from the 
rederal government. not just our UC students. For 
example, the m~U Busllless AdmlnIstrallon make~ 
subsld Ized grant~ 10 small busmesses They don t 
make, a, a condition of those 'iUhsldlzed lunds, 
employees 01 that bUSIness show eVidence of 
reglstr..IIIOn for th~ draft. The olomon Amendment ha~ 
slIlglcd Out a p.mllular class 01 drait-age students for 
thiS n:qulrement. Is thiS fair]" 

&Iore the Guartlu/H interview beg,IIl, Knight s,ud the 
GU£lrd1U1I could have as mUlh lime as needed because 
the Imen'lew with the Chicano news organization they 
were scheduled 10 meet after us could b(: either 
delared or canceled. 

"This is a nationwide program I the SSS public 
relauon campaign], pan of our imrastructure and staff 
in each state and territory of the union: began 
Turnage In the GuardIan ·intervlew. "We particularly 
direct our effort to the urban areas. Because of the 
ethn ic mixes you find there, the language probJem and 
thc numbers of people that are involved in the process 
of registration , and the media that exist, we explOIt all 
of thiS m tl)'Ing to get the word out .. 

An example of thiS promotional campaign IS a 
teleVl Ion commerel.ll, pattemed after musIc Video, that 
shows men o f different ethlllc groups danCIng through 
a tenement district and Into the POSt offIce 10 register 
wHh the ScleclIve Sen'lce. The accompanyIng message 
IS "It's fun, It s e,bY and Its the law" 

Tumage Lonllnued to express hiS concern for 
makmg contact wllh Chicano and other cthnIL groups. 
"One of the lrolllC aspects of the law "SS] is that It 
<;;LVS All others, who are reSidents of thiS COUnt!)", 'nUSt 
register.' Includcd III th IS clause would be Illegal 
Immigrants. How do you COITIITIUnIClte With th,l( 
segment 01 so<.:lety? 

"We know for example thar rIght here III a border 
area you have .\ segment 01 those people ," Turnage 
s:lld with a gnn. "We are after them. We are tryIng 10 
appeal 10 them through their own language , wnh 
speciftc kinds of flyers , even stuffers in energy bills. 
We take the atlltude that we will use any device that 
\ can that helps liS to gct t,O that segment of society. 
That does not seem to us to be punitive or vmdlctive. 
These people arc reSidents of the United tates , al1d 
even though they are here Illegally, we do nO! (urn our 
back 10 this." 

Tumage then began praLsing the "success" of lhe 
Selective Service. "When President Reagan made the 
announcement on January 7, 1982 that we were going 
to continue the regIStration process, we had something 
approaching 1.2 million people in the 1960-1963 year 

pk:asc: tum to page 8 

Phllof presents: I SOFT CONTACT LENSES 
Subversive Knowledge 

to be introduced by 
Dr. G. Anaguostopoulos 

(Philosophy) 

Tuesday, May 1 
3:00 - 5:00 p.m. 

Revelle Informal Lounge 

All are invited· Refreshments 

in 
most cases One Hour Service 

'. }M/~ " .~~ ~ ~ .!~\.o. 
l1N-1 \ 

INCLUD£5: 
Contact lenses, examination, 
patient training, follOW up, 
chemical care kit and fitting. 
EXTENDED WEAR LENSES 
ONLY $H5.00 

THE CLASSICAL EYE 
DR. ROBERT HELLER OPTOMETRIST 

La Jolla Vjllage Square 
(Inside the Mall; Lower Level) 

8657 Villa La Jolla Drive. Suite 136 
451-7374 

Hydrocurve extended wur lenses available 



Big Brother and you 
umtlnucd from p«gr 7 
of binh groups that hadn't registered al 
that time. As of today, of that four-year 
group , there's somethmg like 17 ,000 
who haven't registered . Is this 
significant to you? ThiS 97% compliance 
rate is clearly a real national success 
story' " 

When the suggestion was made that 
we would also have a 97 percent voter 
registation rate in our national elections 
If the penalty for not registcnng was a 
fine and Imprisonment. Tumage said, "I 
fail to sec how thi hypothetical 
situation applies to the system's ISS J 
rcglstratlon. after all we have man)' 
young men who want LO voluntccr LO 
rcgister CI'CIl beforc they llIrn 1,8." 

lurn.lge s enthusl.l~m lor CJrI}' 
rcglstratl('n led to the 'deClIve ervlce 
high schc)ol pmgr,un which I~ hClIlg 
ch..llk~ llgl'J h)" mJIl) , I,ll!, ,lIld IcJeml 
olTtc l,11s ,IS .1 dm~ct 1'llll,ltll1\1 III 
PreSidential Pmd,1111.1t1llll :--:0. of 771 I he 
prOl.lam,1t\on Cil:,lrI)' ~tates rhJt no 
mJlvldLI,d shJII rcgl tcr helllrc OU da)~ 
prior III Ihelr 18th hmhdJ) , Ilor ~11.I11 .. 
persnn tnJke lal c or Imprope r 
reglslr,ulon YCt Ihe)S curr,'nt high 
.,chool pmgr,lm a~ks school ol/Iclab. tll 
encour.lge their sllIdents III register I 20 
days e,ui)' and not at POSt Ol/ ICCS hLlt 011 
campus. 

When .1 man does not regIster on hiS 
18th brnhda)" the SSS scnds ,I series of 
il:ners to ""..1m 01 the penalty lor not 
complymg. Tumage commented on the 
SSS methods: "We send out anOlhcr 
letter pOinting Out the h.lzards 
assoCtatcd with thJt kind 01 deCISion. 
We are dealing with humans and wc try 
to usc a scnsltlve, humanistic approach 
to it. We arc not hidebound b)' any 

rc>trlCllllll or 11I1lltallOn \\'lIh reg,lrd ttl 
how we com,.,polld to Slll11Clllle lLl pOint 
our \\ h,ll the situation IS. We do plllnt 
,lut th,\1 II he takes th,ll POSItlOIl he I, 
suhJeCt tll prosecution . And the pen.tit)' 
Illr proseeUtlllll IS tnc.lrCer.ltlnll and .1 
hne. And technically, according tll Ill)' 
underst,lIlding 01 the 1.11\'. unlll he 
registers, he IS suhJeLt tn being trlcd 1m 
a second tllne cven .lIler he h.ls scrVl'd 
J prison tl'nn ,lIld paid .1 hnl' lor thl' 
hrs t pmSeCUtll>l1 ." When .t ~ked rI the 
)S ' W.h th Ll> exempt IWIll doublc 
Jl'op.\rd )' bws 01 bell1g Ined til ICC Illr 
the ~.Imc otll'l1se. fUrll,lge repe,lted hi, 
onglllJl lllmmcn t. 

I hl' :;,:;,) press p,lckcl Included , I 
'Pl'l'l h made by I urIl ,lge on .. tr' lIght 
1.llk AOllUt ~ekctl\,c )erl'llc: In the 
spel'Lh . I Urtl.lgC lrtl:d III Illusmne the 

Irlcndllnc~, 01 thl'~) "' ~cll'lll\'e l'rI'lle 
h nltcll thl' Irrsl COnt,llt m,lIl) yllung 

It 's fun, it's easy ... 
and it's the law," 

Selective Service 
television slogan 

men have with the ledcral gov~rnrncnt. 
Th is sometllnes I!:.lds to a SOCial 
phenomenon wherctn we becomc pen-
PJIs With people .. Like Ann Landers. 
wc tr)' to .lnSWer every I<.:tler,"' 

Scvcml attcmpts were made [Q 
broaden the Intervlcw to reach Issues 
that arc alfeeted by registratlon and the 
draft. Turnage ftnally commented, "II we 
were Iivll1g 111 a world 01 c:omplete peace 
and tranquility I would hope that wc 
wouldn 't havc a registration , drall or 

~~FINANCIAU~~ 
AID NEWS 

May 1, 1984 is the LAST DAY to 
1983/84 or to request a revision for 

apply for an emergency loan. 

From May 2, 1984 through June 15, 
1984 the Student Financial Services 
Office will be utilizing a central reception 
and counseling area in the SFS Muir 
College Office (Building 210) to provide 
financial aid services between 9 a.m. and 1 
p.m. During this time, the SFS staff will 
be reviewing files and making awards for 
1984/85. In the afternoon, all the SFS 
college reception areas will be open as 
usual. 

Please note: Student Employment 
services will be available at their regular 
hours during this time. 

Your cooperation 
appreciated. 

and patience . IS 

.\rIllIe., When )'OU haw \\'h.lt IS gOlllg 
01\ 111 the \\'(lrld to tnc:ludc lhe dllll'ning 
111 passcnger :urltm' ." II'Jlltllnly 0) .1 
lorc lgn Inrce . )'llU Lan't "I)' II 'S Il<lt ,I 
vol.wlc S llLL.1t Illl1 :' 

I unuge oltell makes rl'lcrcnce tll the 
1\0re,Hl AIrl ine rhght 0L17 IIKtJent. 
When .Isked \\"h)' hc uses thl> example 
cwn .llter our llWIl US Intdltgence 

c.~pcrts h,I\ 'e exonerated the X)\,let ptlot. 
rUrt1.lgc responded , "1 hvc 1I1 
W.bhtngllln . I work In Wash ington . We 
work with rile ddcnsc dcpartmcnt on 
.In ongoi ng basis. I have 11C\'cr hc,lrd 01 
th.1t claim." 

'lurn,lge hatl l10t read the Ncl\' }'"rll 
11111<', 'lrLgmal stllry or the rllll(" ,\/agll;:lilC 
IllllllW-lIP \\'hkh reportl:d , "Slale 

f)ep:lI1mcnt )pokesman AI,1Il Romb<.:rg. 
Wl' till 110t h,II'C c\,ldenLl' llJ show 
conclUSively tl1.ll the ptilJts 01 the Scwlel 
Inrerceptllrs ,lilt! their ground l(lIltrollcr!> 
knc\\' wh.\[ kind III pl,me thc)' were 
downing. Romberg wa~ rc.u:nng t,l .1 
,\\w \'''1'11 ., IIlIt'S Sll)r)' th,lt clallncd I11l)~t 
US intelligence experts nl)W hclil'vc lhc 
Soviets ["l'all}' mIght have mistaken KAL 
007 for an American rcconnaissance 
plane." 

PIcking up the Gw.m /wll -~peci:J 1 Issue 
on the dr,llt J'lIrnJge said , "' Here IS a 
typical c:.1SC nght here (referring to a 
photo 01 a UC "D tudent speaking in 
the Rel'elle plaza). Hc says 'I wanr you 
llJ thInk hefllre )'OU regis ter.' Rcgistrati llll 
has nothll1g to dll with lhll1king." 

Revelle wins prize 
"'''CII,ucd J""11 p<'gc J 
evolutionary biolog)·. He worked wilh 
the late Roben MacAnhur to estabhsh 
the ncw theory of island biogeography, 
which has Il11pacted the design of 
natural reserves and parks in evcry 
country of the world . In the area of 
chemical ecology, Wilson has performed 
extensive research on pheromoncs, the 
chemical secreuons used by animals in 
communication and orientation . That 
research has led to significant ecological 

improv~ments in pest-control mcthods. 
His empirical studics of the organization 
and adaptive diversity of insect societies 
led to the first modem synthesis of 
SOCiobiological concepts. Wilson earned 
his BS and MS degrees at the University 
of Alabama and his PhD at Harvard . 

With the election of Revelle and 
Wilson as Tyler Uiureates for their 
oUlstanding achievements relating to the 
protection , maintenance. improvement 
and understanding of ecological and 

envlronmcntal conditions, the LOtal of 
Tyler Prizes awarded IS now in excess of 
$1.4 million . 

The John and Alice Tyler Ecology-
Energy Pri7~ Laureates are ele ted by 
vote of the members of the Tyler Prize 
Executive Committee: Dr. Frederick N. 
Andrews, Purdue UniverSity; Dr. Vernon 
Blackman, chief executive officer, 
Diagnostic Scienecs, Inc.; Frank R . 
Bowennan, chief engineer of Waste 
Management Program, County of 
Orange; Dr. Omar J. Fareer, the Carr 
Foundation; Dr. Roben A. Frosch , vice 
preSident in charge of General Motors 
Research Uiboratories; Dr. Owen T. 
Lind, Baylor University; Professor Ralph 
Mitchell, Harvard University; Dr. Walter 
A Rosenblith , Massachusetts Institute of 
Technology, Dr. Roben P. Sullivan, vice 
president, Jaycor; and Frank W. Clark, 
Jr. , attorney at law. 

The Tyler Prize is administered by the 
University of Southern California. 

MoYIes for Sale or Rent 
fulllneol~""_c..n...'Acclll~ 

WdtIo Gema far s.Ie or ... 

EI •• thole mld-teliil bIUG ... 
The alit Shows In Town arc at 

IDEO GALLERY 
450-1554 481-3104 

La Jolla Del MIlK 

100'. oftltla to chooM flam: 
Sudden Impact 
rf\(~ ~ \l~ Gumby "'1Y A ~ 

Fanny & Alexander 
88043 Wle La Jolla Dr, La Jolla WIegc Sq. 
He.- Ralph's" Sar-on. M-f NtlIiI'wWllrVn" 

"Cover Your Bod" 

Rent. VIdeo kcordIrfor.,.. 
per""""", per'" wtth 

NCOrder ......... 
• Three free mcMe rentals given to new 
dubmcmbcrJ 
• MOn-Wed Club Metllben receive two 
for the price of one 

SIudeIit ....... Ium tU70 J SpoU. $52,AO 
Children $52,AO 

L--____ per quarter 

Information and applications are CM1llabie at the 
Student Health Center - .a2·2123 

Insurance Representative's Hours Monday thru Thursday, 1:00 - 4:30 
p.s, Summer I"",ranee (good world-wide) .. CM1llable to aU 
Itudet Its who are reglatered SprIng Quarter and to PoIt-Doca 

All Summer Premiums are $52,AO 

Kornberg, chemistry 
lecturer, here this week 

Nobel laureate Dr. Anhur Kornberg, 
The Emma pfeiffer Mcrner Professor of 
Biochemistry at the Samford University 
School of Medicine and a leader in the 
field of DNA research. will deliver the 
clnmth annual Lectureship in 
Chemistry at the University of 
California, San Diego today through May 
3. 

The lectureship is co-sponsored by 
the Behring Diagnostics (formerly 
Calbiochem-Behring Corporation) and 
UCSD. 

Kornberg will deliver a three-pan 
public lecture during his visit to the 
UCSD campus. Each Iecturc will begin 
at .. pm and will be held in Garren 
Auditorium in the Basic Science 
Building at the School of Medicine. The 
dates and titles br the Iccturcs are: 

Today ~ 'Chain Elongation by DNA 
PoIymerascs" 

Wednesday. May 2 - ·Chain 
Initiations by Primascs and Primosomes" 

Thursday - "Initiation of a Cycle of 
Chromosome Replication" 

Kornberg was co-winner with Dr. 
Severo Ochoa of New York University of 
the Nobel Prize in Medicine in 1959. He 
was also the winner of the National 
Medal of Science in 1979. 

Komberg joined the Stanford 
University School of Medicine faculty as 
professor and chairman of the 
Depanment of Biochemistry in 195~ 
after serving for six years as professor 
and head of the Depanment of 
Microbiology at the Washington 
University School of Medicine in St. 
Lnuis. He received a BS degrre from 
City College of New York and an MD 
degree £rom the University of Rochester 
where he received clinical training in 
Internal medicine. 

His current research focuses on the 
muki-enzyme pathways of DNA 
replication with a view toward 
understanding the mechanics and 
control of DNA replication and 
metabolism. He has been a strong 
adVOClUC. in anicles and public 
ap~arances, of basic rescan:h. 

Gardner in the 
La Jolla garden 
By JAMES RALPH PAPP 

President David Gardner made his 
first official visit to UCSD last 
Wednesday, as he made the UC rounds, 
in the words to him of the vice 
chancellor of Cambridge, "viSiting an the 
fiefdoms. baronies, principalities and 
powers in the Kingdom, and hearing 
unanswerable pleas for higher funding: 
If Gardner is an absolute monarch, he 
spent his time here relinquishing power 
10 the individual campuses of the 
University. He made clear that he would 
only exercise his power over the 
campuses insofar as they made 
decisions adversely affecting other ones. 

However, Gardner did not leave 
UCSD with the impression that he 
would simply sit by and watch while the 
chancellors carried out the innovations. 
With students and faculty he discussed 
several problems he is undenaking to 
solve, a major one being the severe 
overenrollme"nt of Berkeley and UClA 
and the overcrowding in the other 
seven campuses that the runoff causes. 
Student leaders complained of more 
students than facilities at UCSD, and 
Gardner discussed the problem with 
them. revealing the difficulties of 
projecting future population growth and 
overcrowding. He made clear that his 
elIorts to deal with it will be by 
expanding present campuses rather 
than going through the enonnous 
expense of establishing new UC 
branches. 

One possible new establishment that 
Gardner was questioned about is a law 
school for UCSD. He said that the five-
member panel studying the question 
was first deciding whether the 
University should have another law 
school and, if so, at which campus it 
should be built. If the first question is 
answered in the affirmative, and the 
second points to UCSD, then the 
problem of whether takeover of Cal 
Western or the founding of a new law 
school is best can be dealt with. 
Gardner expects the panel to give its 
repon in a month. 

Besides Califomia having (00 many 
lawyers, it is also "over-doctored," 
Gardner said. but he pointed out that 
that is because of doctors coming here 
from other states rather than local 
universities producing too many. And 
UC has an obligation to its residents to 
give them an education, medical or 
otherwise. at least in proponion to the 
population. 

Dr. Gardner, who worked with the 
California Alumni Foundation from 
1960 to 1964, was in San Diego when 
the announcement of UCSD's 
impending creation was made, and he 
revisited the camP!Js to acquaint himself 
with the problems peculiar to our 
campus. One of these is sinking 
minority enrollment and rising attrition 
(opposite trends to the overan student 
population), which he says is not a 
University-wide problem. In the meeting 
of "student leaders" President Gardner 
became a sounding board for many local 
complaints, but the sound bounced back 
10 Chancellor Atkinson, who had come 
into the meeting room without most of 
the occupants noticing. 

Of the University-wide problems that 
Gardner is attacking, the most 
noticeable is finance, trying to make the 
"unanswerable pleas for higher funding" 
answerable. He said that Deukmejian's 
budget has anowed the University to not 
only stop but also reverse its decline. 
But arriving in the wake of the 
announcement of his obtaining a $36 
minion bequest, the largest private 
Contribution in the University's history, 
for a new telescope. he said he is 
seeking a larger role for private 
involvement in UC funding. However, 
he cautioned that this should not be at 
the expense of California's pt'ivate 
coUeges. 

Gardner had already met that day 
with one Federal official, General 
Tumage, head of the Selective Service. 
That morning The San Diego Union had 
printed comments of Gardner's that the 
universities should be kept out of the 
Selective Service draft registration 
enforcement process" Tumage explained 
his depanment's position in the 

. meeting, and Gardner said later that he 
had "respectfuny disagreed" with 
Turnage. 

However unsatisfied some of his 
questioners may have been with his 
answers, President Gardner, shuttled 
from one pan of the campus to another 
and from room to room, achieved his 
primaty objective, which was to become 
acquainted with our branch of the UC 
SYstem. The student. faculty. staff and 
administration acquaintance with 
Garoner showed them a president 
deeply concemed with quality but 
willing to leave the administration of 
that quality up to the nine chancellors. 

Roundtrip 
From 

$583 
$778 
1848 
$699 
$898 
'718 

Call COUNat TRAVEL (GEE) 
4429 C ass SI. 

5.an Diego. CA 92109 411 ••• UCSD Studenl Center 8-023 La jollA, CA 92093 



10 Apl1l 30. 1984 

Religious Functions 
MONDAY-fRIDAY 
1100 pili - Catholic Mass. Sponsored by the 
Catholic Community at UCSD. In the 
Lkliversity Lutheran Church. 
TUESDAY 
71»9100 pm - The Asian American 
Christian fellowship IMCFI is pleased to 
present Mr. Richard Hong from UC Irvine's 
MCF. He 'Mil speak on "How to Function in 
the ~." Evetyene Is welcome to join our 
fellowship. In the North Conr. Rm. 
7:_ pili - "Are you Catholic But Don't 
Know IM'ryr A CatholiC DiSCUSSion Group 
focusing on this \Neek's topiC: "Secular 
Humanism and Christian Faith". Sponsored 
by the Catholic Community at UCSO. In the 
lDunge of the University Lutheran Church. 
WEDNDDAY 
.6100 pm - Lutheran Students host supper 
and Bible study. Eve~ is INek:ome. In the 
LDunge of the lXliversity Lutheran Church. 
7130-9rOO pili - Inter-Varsity C/'Jristlan 
Fellowship: Come join us for a great time of 
v.orship, meeting new people and studying 
God's v.ord. Our topic of discussion is 
"Relationships". Don't miss itl Evel}Qne 
welcomel In the Revelle Formal Lounge. 
10100 pili - Candlelight Mass. Sponsored 
by the Catholic Community at UCSO. In the 
chapel of the University Lutheran Church. 
THURSDAY 
114. pili - Thursday Night Dinner. Enjoy 

good food and good co"l'any. Sponsored by 
the Catholic Community at UCSO. In the 
LDunge of the Lkliversity Lutheran Church. 
S2. 
71D pm - Bible Study. Sponsored by the 
Catholic Community at UCSO. In the LDunge 
of the University Lutheran Church. 
SATURDAY 
1100 pm - Catholic Mass. Sponsored by the 
catholic Community at UCSD. In the 
Lkliversity Lutheran Church. 
SUNDAY 
1100 & .0100 .... - Eplscopal Church 
Worship Service: Sunday Eucharist and Parish 
fellowship. Good Samaritan Episcopal 
Church 4321 Eastgate Mall Across Genesee 
from east end of campus. north of L1 Jolla 
Village Dr. Intersection of Eastgate Mall and 
Genesee. 
1110 .... - Catholic Mass. Sponsored by the 
Catholic Community at UCSD. In the 
Lkliversity Lutheran Church. 
10.10 1liii-catholic Mass. Sponsored by 
the Catholic Community at UCSO. In the 
Student Center. Bldg. B. Lower J..evef. Offlce 
of Religious Mairs. 
11100 .... & 7100 pili - Lutheran Worship. 
Everyone Welcome. In the chapel of 
lkliversity Lutheran Church. 
1100 pm - Catholic Mass. Sponsored by the 
catholic Community at UCSO. In the 
lkliversity Lutheran Church. 
1111 pm - Folk Mass. Good Samantan 
EpIscopal Churdl4321 Eastgate Mall . .-.cross 
Genesee from east end of campus north of La 
Jolla Village Dr. at Eastgate and Genesee. 

The Weekly Calendar 
SenAces~orkshops 
TlJESDAY 
Noon-I:OO pm - Say good-bye to the 
birds and bees - get the facts about sexual 
health. birth control. and where you can 
receive seMces on campus. In an informative. 
Informal. and confidential small group. 
Lecurette and discussion format. In the 
Student Health Services - upstairs lounge. 
WEDNESDAY 
NoOft-hOO pm - Spring is here -love's 
in bloom - Are you prepared??? Attend an 
informative, informal and confidential small 
group diSCUSSion on sexual health. birth 
control and available services on campus. In 
the Student Health ServICes - upstairs lounge. 
1 :00-2:00 pm - Women & Career 
Development. A weekly discussion group for 
v.omen students to explore issues of career 
identity. Led by lDri Kolt. Psychological 

Other 

Services. Call 452-3755 to sign up. In Hl 
1003. 
1:10-1:00 pm - Enhancing Social Skills 
Group - Meet new friends. develop and 
i"l'rove Interpersonal and social skills 
through presentation and practice in a 
friendly. supportive group atmosphere. Led 
by Dr. Rochelle Bastien and BoO Irvin of 
Psychological ServICes. ~en to all UCSO 
men and women students who identify'Mth 
being s/¥ or reserved. Meets at Hl 1003. 
Interested students please call Rochelle at 
452-3755 to sign up. 
THURSDAY 
4:00-5:11 -International Students' Group 
- For UCSO students experiencing the 
unique challenge of living and learning in a 
new culture. led by Bob Irvin and Penny 
McClellan, Psychological Services. Third 
College PrOllOSt Rm. lOB. or call 452-3035 for 
info .• 
FRIDAY 
8:00-10:00 _ - RED I - Peer Group-

Carrier detection testing - Takes only 5 
minutes. In the Revelle Community Center. 
Noon - Corsages and Boutonnlers for the 

MONDAY-FRIDAY All Campus Semi-Formal available from 11-3 
9:00 _-noon & 1 :OO-JIOO pili - on the Plaza. Best prices in town I Convenient 
Evaluation of cold/flu symptoms. free blood on-campus order and pick-up. Order your 
pressure check. and insrruaion in skin care date's today. 
all available thru the Body Shop Self Care 5:00-6:)0 pm - French. German, Spanish 
Centers. In the Student Health Services, 1st Language Tables: All interested foreign 
floor. language students are welcome for dinner 
7:00-10100 pm - Telephone Counseling and Informal conversation. every Wednesday 
Services. A confidential peer led counseling at Revelle South Dining Hall. Native speakers 
service, sponsored by Counseling and may have their meals prOlllded - please call 
Psychological Services. for students exploring L1ng House Director at 455-0157 or 452-
gay/lesbian/bisexual concerns. Call 452- 3025. In the Revelle South Dining Hall. 
GAYS Monday-Friday 7-10 pm. 7100-8110 pm - Gay!Bisexual I\!1en 's 
TUESDAY Support Group. If you are gay. bisexual, or 
10:00 .m-J:OO pm - Tay Sachs disease exploring your sexuality come and talk with 
carrier detection testing - Takes only 5 students who share Similar concerns in TCHB 
minutes. In the Muir Apt. lDunge. 141. Contact Kevin for more information; 452-
11100 .... - Are you going to the AU GAYS. 
Campus Semi-formal on May 19th? Better THURSDAY 
hurry and get a corsage or bou tonniere for -!AGO's SoCial. A very Informal gathering 
your date I Best prices & convenIent locatIOn. at UCSD's lesbian and gay community. A 
Come order now from 11-3 on the plaza. great place to meet others in a comfortable 
4:00-1:00 pm - leSbian/Bisexual atmosphere. In TCHB 141. 
Women's SUpport Group. '!you are I~an.... ·- HheO ..... ,:OCt pm - T<fy SaChs Disease 
-DIs~I. orexpforTrig your sexuality come Carrier detection testing - Takes only 5 
and talk with students who share similar minutes. In the Revelle Community Center. 
concerns in the Women's Resource Center. Free. 
For more information contact ChriS; 452- 1100 pm - Corsages & Boutonniers for the 
2023. AU Campus Semi-formal available on the 
4cN pm - Mario Luzl. Italy's foremost Plaza from 11-3 through May 16th. Grear 
living poet. ....-ill fi'Ie a poetty ~ 'In setectlon, lowest prices It1 .1IMn .nt 

I~WltlsIftIJQneous~:thn ~ on-ca~ orGer a ~ 
tJy ~ MarIdIIbIIR ~ _lit fie ~ ,*.ord!r your den's ~. • 
Department ~ Utl'rature and tht~ c:A !A1\R)AY 
PrOl/OSts. In the Center for Music Experiment 11M pm - Ouarterly non-sexist dance. 
we 408. Come and join the excitement of UCSO's 
WEDNBDAY most popular dance. Sponsored by !AGO. At 
10100 _1:00 pm - Tay Sadls Disease the Che Cafe. 

This group is for students with Bulimia. 
Morexla or obsessive concerns a/JOut eating. 
Through specific homework assignments 
and extensive support. students will be able 
to meet a series of goals leading to cessation 
of eating problems. led by Peer Counselors 
Anne Scott and Christie FoIIero. and BN 
Harju. PhD. Psychological Services. Call BN 
at 452-3987 to sign up. Meets at Warren 
College Prowst Office - Cont. Rm. 
1.0.21. pili - Weight Management 
Group - For UCSD women students. this 
weekly group Uses a weight loSS/mainten-
ance approadl that e"l'hasizes sound 
nutrition. exerdse and health. led by BN 
Halju. Psychological Services. in the Student 
health Service upstairs. 

2100-11. pili - Gay/Bisexual Men's 
Group. Ttis on.QOing. group will concentrate 
m issues peainent to maintaining a 
gay/bisexual identity. For example. romantic 
relatIOnships. dealing with straight friends 

and family. health concerns. rel;gion. etc. 
Steve Brady. fadlitator. Offered by 
Psychological Services. Meets In HL 1003. 
2100-11. pm - Alcohol and SUbstance 
Abuse Group - For ttose wt10 ask 
themselves. "00 I have a problem with 
alcohol or drugs!' Regardless of age. 
background. sex or experience. if)OU ask 
)OUrself the atxNe question. check out the 
group. led by Dan Munoz. Psychological 
Servicrs. Call 452-34 56. Meets 1I\Ieek1y. 
JIOO.4 •• pili - Campus Black forum -
This is an informal discussion group centered 
on issues. concerns and the quality of tife of 
the Black community at UCSO. It is an open. 
ongoing group. and students can join at any 
time. Meets in the Mt. ViNi lDunge of the 
Third College Apartments. Led by Rodlelle 
Bastien, Bob Irvin, Temille FUrter and Phil 

R~haeJ. Students who would like more 
information can call Phil at 452-3035. or 
Rochelle at 452-3755. Offered by 
Psychological Services. 

Academic Services 
MONDAY.,.IMY 
...... 4100 pm - PAL COllfetellces -
Don't spend more time stIJCtting than 

~ Sc:hec1IIe a ~~ PAL 
lpersonal assistance for Ie.nlng) CDrlferela 
to streamline your studying. lhe CDr lferel ICeS 
wil deal with your COlJI2 materials CDrICelTlS 
i'IdudIng reading CDIJ1)f'eheIISIon. tnemOI)' 
contrOl. lecture nocetalng. and test 
preparation. as well as how to manage your 
time. handle stres.s. CDI'latIti_ better. and 
CI\IeI'CDITIe procrastklatlon. Sponsored by the 

~S Ileaclng 0Yld ~ Skills Center. In 
USB 4010. 
IdO _ 4100 pm - Qt\SIS IIfhItJng Center 
ofFers free seMce for all UCSO students who 
need pre-IM'ItIng help. Wi *' ellCeS on drafts, 
and editing ~. we engage ~ Idnd of 
writing and lIIY'J Idnd of writing problem. 
Conferences are by appoItltill&'1t ~ . 
Evening appointments lie now aIsoallallabie 
In OM/S Thi'd Place at Third C~.IFor the 
ful range of seMc:2s see bade ~ Fall 
Schedule). call 452-2284 01 come by USB 
4010 to make an 4JPOIi ltillenl lhIs seMce Is 
available ttIroughout the quarter. 
........ 4100 pm - Grammar Moses 
Hodine - A grammar hotIIne phone-In 
servlcr for help wtrh cIctIon. grammar and 
punauatlon plObiems. To react! Grammar 
Moses. call 452-2284. Sponsored by the 
Qt\SIS WI1tIng Center. ServIce avaIliIbIe 

~ the quarter. 
I .. 4100 .... - ~Hours. For quick 
questJons pertaining to career pIInnIng. job 
hunting. resune crJtlqueIng etc. For men 
IndMdJaI attention ~ 01' call 452-3750 
for an appoInbTlent with .. acMsor. In 
Career PI-.nIng HL 1058. 
MOMMY 
'OdO-". .. - Grac:Wre School 
AdIItsIng. PIa1nIng on ~ school after 
UCSO?1".bf you attend a ~ acMsIng 
sernnar. drqMn at this ~ -.d ~ to .. 
adlllsor for more spedftc or deUlJed 
nbrmatlon. Sponsored by career SeMces 
Center. In the Student Center Bldg. A 
, .......... - Mock 1nI2Mew. Seeing 
and heIrIng )OUrSelf on IIIdeotape can help 

Meetings 
MONDAY 
Noon - UCSO students will discuss how. 
through the teaching of Christian Science. to 
turn to God for directJon in dally life. In the 
Revelle Informal Lounge. 
IdO pm - ~Iing Coop meeting and 
dk1ner. .JoIn usl New members are very 
1IYefcome. In the Ole Cafe. 
7.10 pm - General Orientation meeting to 
establish a chapter of the Democratic 
Socialists of America IDSAJ at UCSO. WIth 
Je~ Kropotldn. National DSA Youth 
Organizer. Students. Faculty. Statl'weIcome. 
In PH 10J. 
VRDNUDAY 
"II pm - AI¥Jne interested In learning 
how to play r~ games is IrM1I!d to 
attend a roIe-pIayers meeting at APM 2250. 
Players wanted for ~ game. 
ntURIDAY 
.... pm - CieneraJ information meeting 
for the UCSO CommIttee n SolIdarity with 
the ~ of Central AmerIca and the 
caribbean. The curm1t sItuarIon In CentraJ 
America and our planS for the rest of Spnng 
quarter \NIH be dIsCussed. Students. facully. 
staff ~1cDme. In HL 120S. 
7100 .... - Dilric Star S we do more than 
just show free meMes - Come ch!dc us out! 
In the Re\IeIIe Infotmal Lounge. 

put the IInlshing toudles on interview skills. 
Prerequisite: Interviewing skills workshop. 
Call Career ServIces Center at 452-3750 to 
make an appointment In HL 1058. . 
n.lDAY 
.... '0100 II1II - The Language Progr'am 
J..M!II & II - This OASIS program fooJses on 
the tNnklng skills you need to successfully 
handle the reading and writing tasks 
assigned In your courses. It Is deslgled for 
!hose \I\h) want to perfect their EnglIsh 
language skills. LP classes lie taught by 
reading -.d writing specialists and b4Jingua1 
tutors. LP Is presenb!d tl'i the OASIS Aeadlng 
& \lIIt'iting Center. In USB 4010. 
I .... _ - noan - Textbook Reading 
For Aearn - How ~ times shOUld you 
read a chapter7 Oncel ThIs workshop shows 
you how to read ~ and transfer 
tedious hours nto prociJalIIe learning 
sessions. Brtngyour tectbooIcs and learn how 
to ~ Ie."ng ef'IIdenc.y techniques to 
your courses. In fCH 141. 
.0000I' ... - LAW/MBA AdIIIslng. 
Law 01 MBA.schooI group acMsing hours for 
lIIY'J questions conc:err*Ig the iJlPIIcatlon 
process for Jaw school 01 MBA programs. see 
the A'e-l.1w/Ma1agement acMsor on an 
Jm:)rmaJ bISIs. No appoIt rtmet ItS necessary. 
bUt It is acMsabIe to call1lrst at 452-4939 if 
open hours lie being held. In the 5nJdent 
Center Bldg. A 
'1100 .. naan - Resume writing 
WorIcshop. I.earr1 how to write .. effKtIve 
resume. Start the process here then haIIe your 
resume crttlqued by a Career ServIces Center 
acMsor. A nut for CJIKa11)US InteMewing. 
In the Re\II!IJe FormaJ Lounge. 

~IIOO .... - FIncIng the HIdden .Job 
Market 8O'IIt of all Job vaaI'1des are 
~ ThIs 'Mrtshop will teactlyou a 
WlIJ to lind out about them. Sponsord by 
career ServIces Center. In the Re\IeIIe Formal 
Lounge. 
2 .. 4100 .... - DrqHn acMslng In open 
session for Pre-M!dIcaI and A'e-Dent.aI 
studenIS. No ippOIr ltilll!l"lt necessaIY. bUt it Is 
acMsabIe to call IIrst to conIIrm that the 
session INIII be held. Sponsored by career 
ServIces Center. In the Healtt1 Sdenc:es 
AdIItsory Program career Planning & 
PI«etnent Center. $bJdent Center Bldg. A 

Lectures 
~Y 

452-4939. 
1100 4100 .... -The OASIS GM IGrammar 
& Mechanks) \M:IrIcshop Is desIgled for 
students IMlo INOUId lIIce to worIc on 
cJartfylng basic grammatical c:onapts and 
categories. and ~ng them In eIterlslve. 
systernadc series of practical exercises. !vi 
exercise manual to be purchased by the 
student wiN be used. All work will be 
completed in the CDntext of the workshop. In 
USB 30308. 
.... BMY 
- America's vttaIlnterest, The Middle East 

- US Ir1IIONement in ~banOn Israel 
expansionism. US aid interest Persian 'War 
Gulf. IsIank: ReIIIvaJIsm. Lecture & 111m. In 304 

Har~ Tower. sosu. 
.... '0100 _ - The ~IS GM 
IGran'IrM' & Mechanics} \JAlrkshop Is 
designed for students who would like to 
work on clarifying basic grammatical 
CDr teepts and categories. 0Yld appJ>ting ttIem 
in extensIYe. systematic series of practical 
exerdses. An exerdse manual to be 
purchased by the student will be used- All 
work wiN be ~ed n the CDntext of the 
1NOI'kshop. In USB 4060*\. 
91» 11100 .. - Drop-in adIIising in open 
session ~r Pre-Medical and Pre-Dental 
students. No appointment necessary. but it is 
advisable to call first to confirm that the 
session will be held. Sponsored by Career 
Services Center. In the Student Center Bldg. 
A 452~939. 
21OO-1IJO pm - Graduate Advising 
Seminar. Planning on graduate sdlool7 For 
information on application procedures. 
letters of recommendation statement or 
purposes and admissions criteria. attend one 
of these seminars by signing up at Career 
Services Center. Student Center Bldg. A or 
call 452-4939. 
2I004lOO pIII- Lecture Notetacing -!vi 
aNerat;}e SA/B.S. program will include over 
1.000 hours of I«tLR timel Will )'OU get the 
most out of !hose hours? ThIs workshop will 

I~ )'OUr listening ability. develop your 
notetaklng skills. and introduce the 
extraordinary mastery leamlng system - a 
WlIJ to ~ your recall as it cuts down on 
stl.4' boredom. Sp<Jrlscnd by the OASIS 
ReIdIng & ~ Skills Center. In the SbJdent 

........ - Allen Mandelbaum winner of 
the NatIoni1iI Book Awarr.ll1973J will (jve a 
reading of ta work Sponsored by the 
Department of Uterature and the Coundl of 
Pra¥osts. In TCH8 142. 
n.sIMY 
'100 ... - lhe Statr of the Pl.O - Dim 
Sctu!ftan - Prof. of Midcle-Eastem POlitics 
at HaIfa UWersIly. Sponsored by Israel 
ActIon Committee. In HL 1402. 
..",..DAY 
....... - Beyond War Orientation is a 
two hour presentation In which people are 
ccnfronted witt! the crisis tlJmanIty las well 
as the whole planetJ now faces and what 
they as IndIviclJaIs can do about the 
sItuatlon. 8eyond war Is a peace/edJca-
IionaI organization registered on campus. In 
the North Coni. Rm .• SnJdent Center. 
4100 ,... - lhe Central American-
Carrlbean Solidarity Committee presents a 
111m on NIcaragua. "Waiting for the 
invasion. H along with a speoaJ overviNi on 
recent events. Find out Io\Ihat you can do to 
halt US Inb!nlention in the reglon. All 
'JYeIcome. In TCHS 142. 

Center·BIdg. B Cant. Rrii. 
1.00-4.00 pm - Resume Writing 
Workshop. Learn how to write an etrective 
resume. Start the proceclJres here then hiIIo'e 
)lOUr re5l.WI'Ie critiqued ~ a Career Services 
advisor. A must for on-ampus Interviewing. 
In the ReY!IIe Formal I..ojJnQe. 
... 1.. pm - ACademic Writing in 
Spalish es una nueva actMdad del Programa 
de Leguas o.~ O'\5IS. L1 cIase esta disenada 
para estuaantes de cur!OS avanzados Stb-
graduados l"upper~"J que deseen 
per1eccionar los eIernI!Iltos grarnaticales, 
sintacticos. y retoricos del espanal con eI lin 
de proc1Iclr trabajos academicDs de calidad, 
',erm-papers" asignados en los dlYersos 
cursos de espanal seran tambien atendidos 
en esre taller. In USB 40508. 
THUIISI)AY 
.... - Interested In the health profl!ssions 1 
20 mlnul2S private appointments for career 
planning acMce for students Interested In 
health careers. Call in advance for 
appointment. but no earlier than one weeIc. 
Thursday and Friday. Health ScIences 
AcMsory Program 452-4939. Sponsored by 
Career Services Center. In the Student Center 
Bldg. A 
l:OO-4lOO pm - Your Skills - Your Career. 
This workshop helps you identify and 
articulate your skills - and relate them to 
parorular careers. Sponsored by career 
Services Center. In the Revelle Formal 
lDunge. 
FRIDAY 
..... 0100 II1II - The Language Program 
Level 1& 11- This OASIS program focuses on 
the thinking skills you need to successfully 
handle the reading and writing tasks 
assigned in your courses. It is designed for 
those who want to perfect their English 
language skills. LP classes are taught by 
reading and writing specialists and bilingual 
tutor'S. LP is presentrd by the OASIS Reading 
& Writing Center. In USB 406QI\. 
101»".. .. - Interviewing Skills 
Worlcshop. Do you need ~ in preparing for 
Job interviews: Some tips on the best ways to 
present )OUr qualillcations and what ki1d of 
interview questions to expect. Sponsored by 
Career Services Cencrr. In the ReIieIIe Formal 
Lounge. 



12 Alml 30, 198~ 

r~----;-:':po~a~ ;~:'I 
UnitJersity of California, San Diego , 

presents t 

] AZZ TAP ENSEMBLE 
"WHI:\: THI: ].1:: T.lp t:nscrnhk L·tl IllC::. [ll ttm'n 
. lg.lIn . rJ Ilko: [ll buy tlut [hl' [ho:.mc klr tlnO: nlgh[ .md 
1n\'l[L' ,III till' po:oplc I knllW \\ ht) l1L'cdmorc h.1pplncS:i 
III [hclr h\'Cs m po:ople Whll no:cd thO:lr f.llth 111 [ho: 
ptl\\'Crs 01 J.lnclng rcstl) rccl .. 

Dr/Jwah jO\\'I/I, Village Voice 

G.A. $10.00, UCSD Fac/ Scaff/St.lSr. $8.00, UCSD St. $6.00 
MAY 6 t SUNDAY, 8 :00 P.M. 

MANDEVILLE AUDITORIUM 

'--- UCSD Box Office &. Ticketron: 452-4559 _---' 

Coming May 19 

1984 

ROD RODGERS 
DANCE 

COMPANY 

Friday, May 4, 1984 8:00 p.m. 
Mandet1ille CenteT Auditorium 

UCSD SNdenu $.5; UCSD sraff/focuIt,/ochers $6; General Admission $8 
Tickets amilable at the UCSD Box Office and Tickerron OIalets 

FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CALL 4.52-3103 (If' 4.52-• .5.59 

• • • 

The Gala Event of the Year 
8:00 am to 2:00 pm at the 

Dance To: DIIIRIK~--.... DIEIBOINAIIIRIE and the 
Tickets $900 Each 

.. .. ftvailq.t?.1e ~C?W at the UCSD Box Office 

I 

April 30, 1984 13 

Men rape women don't 
nice things about them and were caught 
once or twice making out with them . 
Remember, this is the sixth grade and 
makmg out is a new thing. It was 
confusing for me to watch it, but I had 
my Dad to talk to. In fact, one time he 
reany came in handy. 

By DAVID AMNON 
Six IS a funny number. It looks so 

much like sex. Can you imagine what it 
would be like being in the sexth grade? 

I saw her the other day on campus 
handing out flyers for the Women's 
Center. Tamar. Tamar Gainer. The only 
gui I ever hit . Guys aren't supposed [0 
hit girls but they do. I guess that's why 
there's a women's center. 

Men rape , women don'l, 
I used to write a lot as a kid. All about 

buzzing bees and barking dogs. All my 
brothers and sisters knew what to get 
me for my birthday and at Chrisunas 
time: pencils and paper. They were 
probably the greatest gifts I have ever 
gonen. 

I knew Tamar from the sixtn grade 
and had nothing against her except the 
year before when she had cooties. Sixth 
grade is a funny lime. I remember Sheral 
and Cindy, a blonde and brunette, the 
tallest girls in our class. They were really 
starting to grow up. They had to start 
wearing bras. Not every girl was wearing 
a bra yet but Sheral and Cmdy were the 
tallest in the class. I guess I was growing 
too, but differently. Boys grow later than 
girls. I wasn't getting much taller, in fact 
I was the shortest one in my class, but 
cooties were dying off. Something was 
happening. 

I was fortunate at the time for I could 
talk to my Dad about things. Mom 
wasn't [00 much help, I could see she 
was frightened With some of the new 
questions I brought home from school. 
Men rape , women don'l, She sent me to 
my Dad for the answers . 

We were "pals." I was special in his 
eyes, his oldest son, smart and beautiful. 
I remember going for rides with him in 
the car way back since the second grade 
and he would present questiOns for me 
10 exercise with, like: "If you are with 
three other friends and have a piece of 
bubble gum how will you divide up the 
gum so everyone will get an equal 
piece?" I learned fractions before anyone 
else in the second grade. Dad was 
smart, he was a psychologist in the Air 
Force, and he was my pal. It's funny 
what kids can learn and how young 
they can learn it if they're in the right 
environment. "If we're driving fiity miles 
an hour down the freeway and a fly in 
the car flies from the dashboard to the 
back seat at fifteen miles an hour, how 
fast is the fly reaDy flying?" I learned a 
lot about relativity and perspective from 
Dad. Yes it's truly amazing what a kid 
can learn . 

8ut this was the sixth grade and not 
the second, and girls were growing up. 
Questions were different. So was I. The 
little things I wrote took on a different 

form. The bees' buzzings stopped, 
period. 

My sixth grade teacher wasn't too 
competent. It was 1969, the first year 
that Earth Day was recognized . Pollution 
and sit-ms were in the news, and I 
started [0 became aware of a world view. 
It must have been a hard time for 
parents and teachers. I wasn't allowed to 
lislCn [0 the Beatles, and the year before, 
Art Lmkletter's daughter had died from 
jumping out a window while on acid . 
But even though it was hard for parents 
and teachers , and I'm supposed [0 
undersrand their pain and forgive them, 
I sometimes find it hard to do so. 

I knew a kid, I don't remember hIS 
name. He was supposed to be in the 
ninth grade but had problems and was 
in our class. He was bigger than any of 

us and was black. He got into a 101 of 
fights just because someone would call 
him nigger. It was hard for me to 
understand this, since I had never been 
in a fight and saw fighting as horribly 
wrong. One day he was yelling at the 
teacher as the class stood In line, ready 
to march off 10 lunch, He refused to get 
in line . My teacher argued with him and 
somehow the argument turned to, "So 
you think you're so much bigger and 
better than all the other kids, do you? 
Well you can't take them aU on." "Oh 
yes I can, I'm stronger than everyone 
put together, just let them at me." She 
blew her whistle and motioned to the 
boys in the class 10 attack him. I stayed 
in line and felt awkward being the only 
boy in a group or girls as the resl of the 
boys beat this kid up. I guess that's 
when everyone staned calling me . 

Wanted: part-time editor/typist, preferably with word 
processInQ backQrotmd (Wana>. Needed b chaIIenQInQ 
work on behaf of a New Zealand university. MutuaDy 

acceptable time arranQements. 
CaD 'Alan or Sylvia for more details 

459-5414 or 459-3471. 

"sissy." 
I walked home with the big kid that 

day. He was expelled from school, no 
one else, just hIm. In fact, many people 
were glad that my teacher dId what she 
did, releasing all the boys on this one 
kid and getting him thrown out. They 
felt a big proble"! was eliminated (rom 
the school. [ talked to him, kind of 
scared, for he had a reputation of 
beating up anyone for the slightest 
thmg. He told me a sad story of how he 
had seen his parents killed by whitey 
when he was six. My world view 
expanded . I will never forgive my 
teacher. It's strange seeing such a big 
kid cry. Men rape, women don 't . 

My sixth grade was strange, perhaps 
stranger than other sixth grades, I don't 
know. I can't blame myself for 

everything, though sometimes I'm not 
sure who to blame, or if there is even 
any blame at all. Of course, there were 
some normal Ihings that went on in my 

. class. l'here was a group of boys whom 
you might caU leaders, a liule bolder 
.u-rafi the rest. There was BIll, Kevin, 
Mark and SCOlt. They nicknamed Sheral 
and Cindy "cows." I think it had 
something to do with them having to 
wear bras. 

Bill , Kevin, Mark and Scott would grab 
Sheral and Cindy. I mean they would 
grab them between their legs or grab 
their chests and go "mooo." It became a 
game. I guess il was aU right , I don 't 
know. Sometimes it seemed to bother 
Sheral or Cindy and they would go off 
crying, but other umes they laughed and 
no matter what they always played with 
Bill, Kevin, Mark and Scott, always said 

For some reason, Sheral told the 
teacher that I had given her the finger. I 
liked Sheral and couldn't understand 
why she said such a thing. Even if I had 
flipped her off. why would she be so 
mad? She let people grab her and never 
once told , even when they made her 
cry. I certainly didn't understand girls, 
but in the sixth grade they're growing so 
much faster than boys, how was I 
supposed to understand 7 Well, anyway, 
I was sem to the principal's office. I was 
crying and was sem home where Mom 
spanked me and punished me after a 
huge lecture on how I was supposed to 
treat girls. I think my Mom hated men. I 
don't know, maybe she JUSt hated me. 

Dad came home and I was really able 
[0 explain how I was feeling, able [0 tell 
him all about Bill , Kevin , Mark, Scott, 
Sheral and Cmdy. He told me that gIrls 
did things like that, that they were 
going through new changes and were 
very ambivalent about boys and sex. It 
made ense to me. I knew growing up 
could be hard . Thank God for 
understanding parents. He seemed rruly 
Interested in the stories I told him about 
Sheral and Cindy, and I think he took 
great pleasure that I was now reaching a 
sexual age. Free love was an issue he 
had waited a long time to talk 10 me 
about. I was so proud , I was growing up 
and my Dad appreciated me for it. It 's 
amazing what kids can learn and 
understand In the right environment. 

I think our biggest talk came after I 
had hit Tamar. I was at school playing 
four square. I was in line to be next and 
Tamar had just missed the ball and got 
out. She pushed me out of line and told 
me to go to the end of the line I did , 
and everyone started laughing at me. 
Tamar followed me to the end of the 
line and started calling me sissy and 
asked me why I would let her push me 
around. I never fought , I couldn't. I 
would rather be laughed at. She started 
hitling me and hitting me. [ tried to 
leave , but she came after me, openly 
challenging me to a fight. [ wasn't 
supposed to hit girls, but this time I did . 
I had never hit anyone, but thiS time I 
did . I had known Tamar from the year 
before when she told me she liked me .. 
thought she had cooties, though, and 
couldn't be seen with her. This year I 
liked her, but it was 100 late. Boys grow 
slower than girls. Sometimes I thought I 
sensed pain in her, but I don't know. 
Why was she hitting me for no reason? 
Everyone in class picked on her, you 
know, how sometimes there is a 
scapegoat for every class. Well this year 
It was Tamar's tum. 

I hit her in the mouth three or four 
times before a teacher broke us up, 
wading through the crowd of kids 

please turn 10 page I, 

FREE EYE EXAM 
Th,s sp«'~1 is ava,'a~ with the purchase of soft contact lensesl $169 :;~9 

complete 

BAUSCH. LOMB 
Extended Wear 

Contacts 

of; 

SOFT CONT ACTS d~~:'wear '95 
COMPLETE O.·T lenses 

110 
EXTIIA 
COSTS 

Dr. Steven Groaaman Optometry 
r)'f" "."'W'"\' Ot\fq'",' Fr~\ Akn A ...... I~ 
2~ No Hwy lOt ~THE BOARDWALK) SUIte 8 

481·22n • SOLANA BEACH 

HOURS: 
Monday·Salurday 

10:00·41;(10 PM 

80TH 
PACKAGES 
INCLUDE 

", Eye Exam 
", Fitting 
... Follow·Up Visits 
... Care· ~it 
" If we're not the IOw8St 
let us know who '.' 
OFFE RS EXPIRE 4 ... 114 

, ~ ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~-~.~"~-.~-~~~-~~.~~~.~.-~.~-.~ .. ~.~.-~.~~~~~~ . 
.. ::s ...... --------.... ---.... ---.... -----.. ----.. --.-.• -.---- -....... --........... _-.. -_..................... -



Annual May Sale 
EC C 

Selected Medical Instruments 
Tuning forks 
EKG calipers 

Selected Stethoscopes 
Selected Medical Bags 
Lab Coats 
Med/Tech Sale Books 

Drastic Reductions on Selected Items 
Clqthing & Exercise Wear - Jogge~ 
Watches, Southwestern Art, Assorted 
Gifts and Novelties, UCSD Napkins, 

Stationery, and Pad Holders, Writing 
Instruments - Luxor Lamps 

May 1,2,3,4 

The Regular Publisher's Price on All 
.All Books in the 

(Special sale Books. Discounted Bestsellers 
and Magazines EXcepted) 

35,. OFF BEST SET.T·ERS LISTED 
IN THE: N.Y. '1'1MF:S 

Buy Now and Save! 

• 

Top ArtIsts 
Hundreds of Selections 

Popular and Casslcs 
IP Albums and Cassettes 

COME EARLY FOR BESf 
SELECI10N! 

UMITED TIME -
UMITED QUANTllY! ==~~~~==~~~=======:=k::::::::::::=============~~~~~~-. 



The two-bit hero: 
Is fame enough? 
By CHRISTOPHER CANDLE 

After 19 non-stop hours, he was still 
standing on the field of battle, legs 
spread wide in attack poSition, 
trembling knees locked back for 
support, dry, squinting eyes tracking his 
opponents' every move , taut, tanned arm 
thrust forward supporting the hand . The 
hand, still flexible , moving effortlessly, a 
five-digit spider delicately spinning the 
control handle. 

Soon victory would be his, JUSt one 
more hour, ten more skIrmIshes with 
the samuraI warnors, forty more levels of 
the shogun'S maze, three hundred 
slashes with hIS savage sword He 
strained for each movement as the 
atmosphere thickened with the excited 
breathing and commotion of the 
admIring crowd. The media minstrels 
stood pOIsed for Dan Tagran to make 
hIS chmatic cut. 

Dan was the perfect medIa image for 
a local video arcade hero; his six-foot-
four frame stretched his skm so taut it 
traced every ridge and valley of his WIry 
muscles; even his face was so lean he 
seemed to portray a malUmy of features 
beyond hIS 19 years. HIS body dId nOl 
have that shck look of a pampered 
athlete , but rather the calloused 
ruggedness of a boy raised on a 
Wyoming ranch , or fresh out of the 
Camp Pendleton Marine boot camp. All 
of hIS fearures reflected from his eyes, 
youthful yet prematurely WIse , far 
searchmg lIke an open pia lOS rancher 
yet staTIng wllh the cathke mtenslty of a 
combat veteran who has touched death 
often. 

WIth aU eyes focused on Tagran, 
nobody noticed when the taU and lean 
elderly gentleman entered "The 
Batderoom" video arcade, approach 109 
Tagran wllh the grace of a baUet dancer. 
The gentleman was theJITSt to seE; the 
tension of the final moments. seep mto 
Tagran's index hnger. Two cuts were 
lost as Tagran's sword swung wide past 
the oncoming samuraI. Tagran could. feel 
the growmg praLSe of the. crowd' pull his 
mind from the concentration he needed 
to survive the final attacks. . 

He fought to controi his mind, 

/ 

~ ... 
~ --
-- -

= 

sensmg every thought crawhng down 
hIS arm towards his hand . The mdex 
fmger finally froze . He shifted his body 
to compensate , bUI that put more 
pressure on the little finger, which 
qUIckly curled tight like a stricken 
spider. With rwo fingers and thumb still 
functioning, he could outlast the 
remaining three minutes. But his middle 
finger felt his thoughts and started 

twitching out of COntrol. If hIS thumb or 
final finger failed hIm now, he would be 
defeated , so close to victory. The crowd 
now began to realize what the 
mysteriOUS gentleman had been aware 
of; as the crowd qUieted , the sound of 
Tagran's breathing amplified. 

"Let go." The voice was so soft, yet 
strong, Tagran waS not certain 
somebody had spoken or he had 

imagined it. Why would someone say 
"Let go" at a time like this? 

"00 not focus your mind on the 
sword or the people around you. Let go, 
let your mind flow like water in a 
stream." As he listened , Tagran's middle 
finger regained its fluid calmness and 
reentered the action. 

"Enter a state of acting on what you 
sense , nOl what you think or desire . 
Stop worrying, relax, stop thinking, let 
yourself float." The hand freed itself 
from Tagran's thoughts and like 
lightning, his final stroke created the 
circuit contact needed to crown Dan 
Tagran world champion of Laser Video's 
newest game, "Samurai Swords." The 
crowd roared. 

Tagran often dreamed of the day 
when he would be famous for 
something, but now victory seemed 
empty. At times during the 20 hours, he 
became so absorbed in the action that 
he entered a dreamlike state in which 
he could not tell If he was a person 
playing a video game or an electronic 
video warrior battling in the imaginary 

Shogun '~ Illaze. For brief moments in 
this dream state, life and death 
situations were real, the control knob of 
the video game took on the weight of a 
samuraI sword, the smell of cherry-coke~ 
saturated the air like Japanese cherry 
blossoms and vaUey girls' giggles echoed 
in his mind as young geishas. liVing on 
the sword's edge in hl~ samuraI dream 
filled htm WIth a richness of emotion 
and thought greater than he had ever 
experienced in hIS empty daily routines. 

The fantasy was over. Returning to 
the roar of reality, he knew he would be 
expected to say something to the crowd 
and camera crews, but he had nothing 
left inside for the viCtory celebration. 
Feigning exhaustion, Dan Tagran 
turned, excused hImself and headed for 
the exit. As he reached the doorway, he 
heard that voice again: "A master can 
only teach so much. You must learn to 
become the sword." The voice was nOl 
imagined. There before him, the words 
were col!1mg fro,!! an elderly gentleman, 
grey b~ard and long hair framed his 
face like the chain mail of a Middle 
Ages knight 'Start trusting your inner 
self, then your growth will be limitless." 
These words would have seemed foreign 
to Dan 20 hours ago, but now he 
understood what was being said by thiS 
poet who spoke of~life on the sword's 
edge. . . 

Before Dan conldask, the gentleman 
answered, "I am known as Leathereyes. 
If YOIl are finished pll\ying· ~,th these 
modem fantasy games, we can begin 
your training, time to take up the 
sword ." 

To be continued 

New Features Editor 

Life, Liberty and the Pursuit of Trivia 
By PHIL LAUDER 

In the last 20 )'e<lrs I have gener.llly managt:d 10 
avoid lads. I aVOIded the hoola-hoop at ItS height of 
populant}' (prob,lbly because at the time the hoop 
weIghed tWice as much as I dId). I stayed away from 

skateboard~ and di co and self-help books and pet 
rocks and Rublk's Cubes (weU, almost) LaSt Ch rlstlna~ 
I even managed to avert my c)/es an>' tlmc one of those 
hideous Cabbage Patch dolls appeared on TV. 

But I don 't know about this latest American craze -
or should I say Nonh American craze. The board game 
caUed Trivial Pursuit, born and raised in Canada and 
now playing at a theater near you, seems to be the 
latest wave to sweep the nation , and I seem to be 
caught in its rip current. 

In TriVIal Pursuit - or Just plain "Pursuit ," to those 
who know and love it - players roll a dic and land 
on spaces on the circular periphery of the board. The 
spaces represent SIX categories of questions: geography, 
entertammcnt, hIStory, ans and literaturc, sC Ience and 
nature, and sportS and leIsure. When you land on a 
space, a player asks you a trlvial question taKen 
from the front of a stack of triVIal cards. if you 
answer the question correctly you roll again; if not, 
you pass the dIe. 

On the circle are SIX special spaces (one lor each 
category) where correct answers earn you a "wedge." 
Get aU six wedges and you head into the middle. When 
you land on the center spot, you're asked a question on 
your weakest subject - and if you're like mc. your 
weakest subject is rcally your weakest subject. A correct 
answer there WinS you the game 

That's the whole show. Pretty simple, huh? 
Well, trust me, there's something about this stupid 

game that hooks you. It hasn 't hooked me enough to 
convince me to get on a waiting list with thousands of 
other poor slobs just for the opportun ity to crank out 
$40 and buy il. (1 mooch off the game of Sports Editor 
Jeff Savage). But it has hooked me enough to where I'll 
gladly destroy two hours of time and play this game 
rather than study for my three midterms the next day. 
Consequently, I've dropped down to 2.5 units and 
have readjusted my career goals to accommodate 
graduation in the 21st cemury. 

And I've only been playing for a week. 
In that short week, I pIcked up on some trends of a 

rypical game. When the game starts, everyone's friends, 
life is great, and if you .give JUSt the last name of the 
guy who invented the electric toothbrush - hey, that's 
OK. As the game wears on and people start blowing 
the easy ones the), knew they should have had and the 
drama WInds into hours two and three ... hell , you 
name the firsl ·namc, last name, middle name, mother's 
maiden name , bmhdate, birthplace and distinguishing 
bmhmarks; or you name nothing at all . 

In the few games I'l'e played, I've started ofT slow 
each time before klckmg it into gear (i.e., getting the 
lucky guesses) and surging ahead (at least temporarily). 
In the second game I played, I fell behind early before 

, 

r---------------I JOSTEN'S I I Super Saver I 
Coupon : 

Bring this coupon to the 
Bookstore and save $25 on 

14K Gold or $15 on any 10K 
Gold Ring, 

The Josten's Representative will be at 
the Bookstore May 9, 10, & 11. 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

Oller apirts I 
5·7·84. I 

----------

bltt<!lng through m)' SIX wedgt:s and danung IntO thc 
Imddll:. I wa~ Jazzed . Howe\,er, I knew the I1ght was rar 
from over I still had to <lnSlVcr J question on m)' 
weakest subJe(t. 

Let me make mysell perfecti)' cleM. I know nothIng 
about entertainment. othlllg. Entertamment IS m)' 
AchIlles heel, ankle , leg and torso. It wIpes me out 
every (lme. I JUSt hope for a question on musIc or 
telcl'islon post-i975, and they generally come along 
once every 15-20 tries - whIch IS how often i get an 
entertainment question right. 

My opponent knew this. 
I spent over an hour and a hall 111 that 

God-forsaken (enter region , try-
ing desperately to answer 
JUSt olte damn enter-
tainment 

questlon right. I mean, I don't know Sky King's 
nephew's name. I don 't know who Tmy Tim's father 
was. I don't know what burlesque queen was the sister 
of actress June Havoc. I don't e\'en know what film 
Grace Kelly was making when she mel Pnnce 
Ranier. 

And suddenly this once enjoyable, tnvlallilde board 
game had become m)' mortal enem}, - a combatant 'til 
death do us part. "PhIl, calm down - this is fun, 
remember?" 

"Shut up - read the damn question: 
"What Hugh Lofting character lived in Puddleby-on-

the-Marsh and had a pet duck named Dab-Dab}" 
UAAAAH ... " 
Fortunately, I had built up cnough of a lead with my 

• 

lucky spurt cather that I could afford such a peTlod of 
torment, and when I was asked who hved at some 
address 111 New Rochelle , C\\' York. I saId, "FinaUy -
a chance." And then I couldn't think of the answer 
Anti I couldn't think of the answer. And still I couldn't 
thll1k of the answer. Lord - where 's my gun? "Rob 
.lOd Laura Petrie." Yah l Thank God for Channel 6 Dick 
van Dyke reruns. 

• • • 

They say thIS game was lIlvented by twO guys from 
Canada who, while sltling In a bar one nIght, decided 
to Invent a board game based on triVIa - JUSt for 
something to do. That's what they say. More likely, 
their exact Intentions were to make gallons of money 
by maklllg up a SIlly game that millions of somewhat 
gullIble folks would swallow whole and keep COmmg 
hack for more . They succeeded. 

The best. worst aspect of this game IS that it is 
meredlbly easy to rationalIze wasting the time 10 
pia)' It - even If you are 111 school and work 
three jobs and suppon a hllntl)/ of SIX. Because, 

a~ the line goes, "It's educational - )'OU learn 
~tun ." Well, I guess It IS. I've learned stu fT. I've 

learned that the Alntstones live 
at 39 Canyon View wa)/ I've learned 
that an elephant, the only mammal 
with four knees, is also the only 
mammal that IS utterly incapable of 
jumping. This is Ihe pursuit of trivia in 
its purest form . 

I've learned the rwo malll ingredients 
In wq au Vln. I've learned who won the 
1949 Academy Award lor best 
supporting actress 10 a foreign ftlm. I've 
le.lmed who was bUrled 111 Gram's tomb 
(watch it!). I've learned what ntctitating 
women do to men (really watch It! ). I've 
leamed where you can bdt back a IHth 
of scotch on thc Firth of Forth . 

I've learned other assoned things 
through playing Pursuit, too. I've learned 

. that the most common response to 90% 
01 the questions IS, "Who cares!?!" followed closely by 
some time-honored epithet. I've learned that the 
easiest way to Incense a fellow pla}'er is to cry,"How 
slmpJtStlC I " when reading his or her ard. I've learned 
that the combmalion that wms 111 thIS. game is 15% 
knowledge, 25% gues ing ability and 6O'lo blatant 
luck. 

And I do meJn blatant. 
Finally, I've learned that my 20-year record of 

avoiding silly fads could instantly be dashed on the 
rocks by this tidal wave of triVIa, and that the result of 
ali this may indeed be a gruesome case of academic 
suiCIde. 

And I've leamed that all thIS t:ould happen within a 
week 

Oh God 

The San Diego Community College District 
'TUItion·free 10 Calofo,nla reSldenls $5 to $50 fee fo, fall classes. 

, , . 



I 

Men rape 
continued from page 13 
cheering on the fight as they yelled, 
"Amnon and Tamar are going to it." It 
reminded me of a passage from the Old 
Testament. I felt sick, the whole thing 
was disgusting. We were sent to the 
principal's olTice. 

His royal principal wasn't there -
only his secretary dealt with us. She 
asked me what happened and, half-
crying, I wId her. She seemed to have 
understood; she had a sense for these 
things. "David, you never get in trouble , 
so I see no reason for this going any 
further and the prinCipal doesn't have to 
know about this. Tamar, you've been 
getting in so much trouble lately and 
reaUy had to provoke him to fight. I 
know you have problems at home and 
wish you would talk to me now. You 
twO should learn to treat each other as 
brother and sister." Tamar didn't say 
anything. A drop of blood coming from 
the comer of her mouth, stoic Tamar. 
We left the office together and I told her 
I was sony. She ran into the girls' 
bathroom and I felt she was hiding from 
me. I sensed so much pain in her, how 
could I have ended up fighting her? I 
sadly went back to class, recess now 
over. 

As I went into the classroom, 
everyone cheered me. I think even the 
teacher did. Bill and Mark patted me on 
the back and said I had a great left 
hook. I had suddenly become a hero 
and Sheral said I looked so strong. It 
wasn't right, someone was hurt and in 
the girls' room hiding her tears from the 
world as I was given a parade. 

The only girl I have ever hit was 
thrown out of school later than year for 
something, I don't know what. I'm glad 

there is a women's center for her now 
so she doesn't have to be so stoic , yet 
I'm envious, wo. 

Sixth grade was a funny time. Girls 
started wearing bras and the 
relationship between my Dad and me 
grew and changed. Sixth grade is such a 
damn hard time - I think boys think 
about nothing but sex. But they're 
unsophisticated thoughts, since sex is 
so new, so many questions and vague 
notions exist. Me, I had my Dad. I'm 
glad he was a psychologist, he really 
knew how to teach me and help me 
have a hard time. 

He was so interested in me and 
would ask me how I felt about girls. He 
really seemed to want to konw about the 
interactions I saw at school . He 'knew I 
couldn't talk to Mom, he told me she 
had a problem. Once, he said, "You 
don't have to worry about anything. Not 
school or your teachers. Not Mom, not 
even God. Me and you understand each 
other and I'm the only one you have to 
answer to." 

We would go on fishing trips tOgether 
and he taught me so much. We would 
hypnotize each other, and I understood 
hypnosis very well. You could relax and 
your mind would be open, and you 
could prepare for spelling bees. I knew 
the rules: you had to trust the person 
you're with and you had to totally relax 
the person you're with , so that no 
residual aches would persist when you 
brought the person out of the altered 
state. 

Once, after Mom had been yelling 
and yelling and yelling and yelling and 
yelling at me as I cried and tried to 
vacuum the carpet to her satisfaction 
and I was sure the vacuum cleaner 
wasn't working right, Dad came home 
and saved me. He told Mom to go w 
hell and we went off of one of our 
fishing trips. While fishing, he asked 
me if I had a special girl in mind from 
school. I told him about Tamar and that 

UCSD SUmmer Session 
ADDED 
EEeS 61 

INTRODUCTION TO COMPUTER SCIENCE (4 units) 
Electrical Engineering and Computer Science 61 
June 25 - August 24, 1984 (9 weeks) 
For more in1onnation vi!it the Summer Session 01t1ce, lOlA 
Administrative Complex or call 452-4364. 

La jena Vii/age CQ[lvenien(:e Center 
Next to R4 /phs and S.w-On 

457-3334 

I didn't know what to do since I had hit 
her. He wId me that I should be like Bill 
and Kevin. I should grab her and expecl 
her to yell and say "Don't" but not be 
discouraged; grab her again and she 
wouldn't say "Don't" as loud; grab her 
again - this time she'll giggle; and to 
grab her again and she'll grab me back. I 
was shaking my head the whole time 
thinking "No, no," but blushed at the 
idea Ihat she might grab me back. I 
wasn't ready, but I guess it was time for 
me 10 grow up. 

That night, in a motel room, Dad 
wanted me to hypnotize him. He said 
he had a headache and hypnosis 
usuaUy seemed to help with his 
headaches. It was dark, and he laid on 
his back, arms at his side as I started to 
massage his feel, slowly telling him in a 
monotone voice to relax, to deeply relax, 
deSCribing how a fog was slowly 
climbing up his body as, inch by inch, 
he relaxed. After a while I thought he 
was relaxed from toe to head and told 
him he could respond to me without 
disturbing his relaxation . I asked him if 
there was any place on him not relaxed, 
and he pointed to his thigh, so I 
massaged his thigh and then it 
happened. He got an erection. I knew 
the rules, but I no longer wanted to play. 
He had done this to me once or twice 
before. 

It was a game, and we were special, 
and no one would understand. I don't 
know. I wanted to grab girls, yet I didn't; 
I had seen it so much, perhaps they 
liked it, I don't know. Perhaps I was 
supposed to like this, I don't know. He 
grabbed my head and tried to force 
himself into my mouth. No, not that. I 
was responsible - I gave him the 
erection so I had to relax it. I couldn't 
be like Mom who was just a frigid bitch 
as my Dad had told me. He wouldn't let 
go of my head. He was so big, I didn't 
know what w do. He kept pushing on 
my head, and I started telling him to 

wake up but he wouldn't. I was 
supposed 10 be in control and had to 
relax him. I couldn't escape his hold, 
and my neck was hurting from 
struiWing. I put him in hypnosis, it was 
my raub, he wasn't aware of what he 
was doing. He let go of me, totally 
relaxed. I went to the bathroom and 
vomited and then cleaned up. I came 
back and thought I was supposed to 
clean him up too but decided not to. I 
couldn't get into bed with him. He was 
snoring. I lay on the floor, shivering, 
knees to my chest, and managed to 
sleep. Yes, men rape. 

It did no good to talk to Mom. Most 
of my questions were answered with 
"y QU.11 understand when you get older." 
I think I scared her, I don't know. I 
can't blame her, though. I had some 
tough questiorts, especially when I told 
her about me and Dad. I wrote about it 
once - I was angry and wrote with a 
lot of anger. Mom found what I had 
written, she had secretly read everything 
I wrote. She told me never to write 
about it again: "What would the 
neighbors think?" She told me I was 
wrong and evil and vengeful. She told 
me I was to forget that it ever 
happened, and that it probably didn't 
happen. I was told by her that it was my 
fault, that I was a tease, and that my 
imagination had construed it to be more 
than it really was. I threw away aD my 
paper and pencils and never wrote 
anything again and probably never will. 

Men rape. 
Sixth grade is such a funny time, as 

children begin to grow and blossom 
sexually. It's the start of an awkward 
period, but you'd be surprised how 
much a kid can learn. I remember 
sometimes at night, in bed, I would 
wake up and someone would be 
fondhng me. I was scared, I thought it 
was the hoogey-man, but it was only 
Dad, as Mom watched from the door. 

Women don't. 

our stores celeb own Iocatlon 
GRAND OPENING SALE 
r-~~-----~--~~~~~~~-, FNIICh !lyle All WeaIher IllUngia •• 1. 
I Cal ~. Squcn. '-II ~. catoc,,1IyIe I 
I Sello EI_ _ Grand Clpr,ro I 
I ~ 6 I 
I Men s G Women , S4O-45 $29.yy I 3 SfyIes. 4 COlOrI. 2 _ 
I ~_·.L_ S5-12 $1.99-3.99 I 
I ==.~= ~8 $1 .99 I l ________ ~~_~~~ ______ ~ 

Don't pay too much lor sungla .... : We've got the lowest 
prices and best selection fiom $2.99 to $249.95 

Vuarnef • eon.a • aa,ban. Style EyoM. SuncIoud· Hable. 1uccI. 101 ... Cebe. Be •• , 

0Id'_ 
Paa~e E~t71. 

as- 7 DayJ and NIgtIIt 
10 Jolla IncInIaI 

2461 San Otego Ave. 
('-' 10 Old TOoIII'I Meodcan Ga.) 

1030 TOIItIV PIra Ad. 
(I*! 10 Yogurt NIaIr) 

745 Flit St. 
(Lu~ ShoppIIIQ Center) 

NHN7 

F. --flY t-T~ . t-
--PI -ng: -

I ~ choice, I 1-
a, r~Iisjbillty-

. I pallfomla~. ,,,,..t IIIId mo.t ')(PM~ '.mlly pI.nnln, 
Mtworlc, ""erin, concMn«1 pro'N.IOfU/' ca,. '" WOmM r'-,... . .' . 

• 

I ...... nca •• q ...... I 
--J- w1~h ~u1ta whUe you wa1~ r 

• Unplanned pregnanoyl 
general or 100&1 anesthesia 

• Birth control 
• Gynecological exa.ms 

•
• FamIly PIIInnint 

Associllta Medical Group 
SAN Dll!:GO 
6496 Alv&1'aclo Rd 

(61t) .. ' .... 6 
oonfidenUal- prof ... lonal- affordable 

Track vaults 
to the top (p. 26) 

Riiey 
directs a 
class act 
(p. 21) 

Apnl30, 1984 19 

with the Big Blue (p. 20) 



Mike MarshaU and a run scored by Rick 
Monday the dilTerence. 

Playing catch with frrst However. silly is also how the Dodgers looked Saturday night, when San Diego provided its own pitching 
and power and victory. Steve Garvey 
erased a 1-0 deficit in the first with a 
two-run rocket over the left field fence. 
Scoring ahead of him was Graig Nettles. 
who got a free pass courtesy of Dodger 
second baseman Steve Sax. Sax has 
batted well over .300 in '84, but his 
throwing problems that started and 
stopped last season have started aU over 
again this year. His air-mailing of the 
routine 3D-foot throw (a feat he 
accomplished three times in the series) 
threw the 44,198 in attendance into 
riOtOUS laughter. and led to the game-
winning hit only moments later. 

By PHIL lAUDER 
Los Angeles and San Diego played 

catch with the first place spot this 
weekend. with the Dodgers emerging 
from the four-game series with a half-
game lead in the Western Division. The 
Dodgers extended their winning streak 
to six games with a come-from-behind 
6-5 victory Thursday afternoon and a 
rain-shonened 1-0 shutout Friday nighl. 
The Padres got their act together 
Saturday with a solid 5-1 victory behind 
pitcher Andy Hawkins. but were 
manhandled by LA left-hander Alejandro 
Pena, who blew the home team away 
with his second five-hit shutout in a 
week in a 6-0 victory Sunday. 

After winning 12 of 16 from the 
division-champion Dodgers last season. 
San Diego finds the tables turned lSO° 
this season. Anchoring the top Spot in 
the division since Opening Day, the 
Pads (15-8) have lost JUSt twice to any 
team other than Los Angeles. The 
Dodgers (16-8) have taken six of eight 
from their former nemesis club. one of 
only two teams (along with the Giants) 
to win the season series With LA in 
19S3. And the Dodgers have taken those 
six games in typical Dodger fashion: 
pitch them silly and hit homeruns. 

Silly is how San Diego looked against 

Rick Honeycutt Friday and Pena 
Sunday. Honeycutt was completely 
dO)11inant in his six innings of work, 
allowing only a bunt by luis Salazar to 
get past him in the fifth inning for a 
"hit." In exactly one of the 19 at-bats 
did a hitter manage to even get the ball 
out of the infield - and that was on a 
weak pop fly caught 25 feet behind 
shonstop. With his second blanking of 
San Diego, Honeycutt - who has 
proved to be this season the ace he 
certainly was not last season after his 
departure from the American league -
leads the league in won-lost percentage 
(4-0). shutouts ·(two). complete games 
(three) and (as of Sunday) innings 
pitched ()9.0) 

Silly is how the Padres looked 
yesterday against Pena, who followed in 
Honeycutt's footsteps with his own 
second-shutout-in-a-week. After blowing 
away San Diego at Chavez Ravine last 
weekend with a 4-0 whitewash. Pena 
repeated the effort in San Diego, though 
not nearly as effortlessly this time. The 
outcome was sealed yesterday only in 
the top of the ninth . when leftfielder 
Carmelo Martinez dropped a routine fly 
baU to clear the bases. Before the ninth 
the score was only 2-D, a homerun by 

Garvey later doubled in rwo more 
runs in the fifth to raise his RBI total to 
20. despite a .220ish average. In the 
eighth. Kevin McReynolds hit his fifth 
HR, also to left field. and Goose Gossage 
responded to the cries of "Goooooose" 
in the ninth to clinch the victory in 
relief of Hawkins. who is now 3-0. 

And finally (in reverse chronological 
order), silly was the entire afIair 
Thursday afternoon. The Dodgers won 
this thing by the score of 6-5, with a 
pair of rwo-run home runs by Pedrp 
Guerrero and Marshall 01T reliever Dave 
Dravecky in the seventh . The win was 
helped along by what some have called 
"The Great Chocolate Caper." With San 
Diego mounting a threat in the bottom 
of the seventh. Dodger manager Tom 
Lasorda signaled to the bullpen to bring 

Graig Nettlts says good bye to the baU from 
second and hello to Sttvl.' Garvty from home. 
OUt the righthander. his sropper, Tom 
Niedenfuer. Out strode the righthander, 
his pitcher, Pat Zachry. the only pitcher 
warming up in the pen. lasorda sent 
the warmed-up Zachry back from 
whence he came, and out came a 
disgruntled. disgusted. un-warm 
Niedenfuer. 

Suddenly the commotion started. 
Apparently something had been thrown 
in the direction of rightfielder MarshaD, 
and out went the detectives. led by 

p/tllSt lurn 10 page 28 

HDYK shocks the world 
By JEFF SAVAGE 

A UCSD team took first place honors in the men's 
division for the first time ever in the Ninth Annual 
Miller Collegiate Over-the-Line Classic held Saturday at 
Fiesta Island. How Do You Know survived a 23-run 
first inning by the Bullet Hirs, and went on to post a 
dramatic come-fram-behind 35-34 win. 

forfeit the game if down by more than ten runs after 
an inning of play, They were stiD five runs short of the 
mark when Haap recorded the second out of the 
inning. but a series of clutch hits prevented the Bullet 
Hits from recording another men's division win for 
San Diego State. 

"It was easily one of the most exciting 
championship games we have ever had," said 
Tournament Director and UCSD Intramural Director 
Mike Hipp. . 

led by Derek Thomson, who went 18-for-IS in the 
game. How Do You Know scored 16 runs in the 
bottom of the fourth inning (games last five innings) to 
forge ahead 35-31. The Bullet Hits could manage only 
three runs in the fifth. as Thomson and teammates 
Andrew Keeler and Greg Haap closed out the affair on 
a defensive note. 

During HDYK's 16-run explosion in the bottom of 
the fourth. BH's Vince CappaIeru dove for a ball and 
sliced his hand wide open. He was taken to Mission 
Bay Memorial Hospital. and Dave Watson replaced 
him. 

Keeler and Haap both went 12-for-18 as HDYK 
pounded out 42 hits in the affair. 

"II was a wild game and I'm just glad we were able 
to survive the first couple of innin~: said j(e~ler after 
the game. 'UCSD doesn't get much respect in sports, 
so this win was good for that reason also," 

Hoop raaaps a hil in the Collegiate OTL Championship. 

HDYK barely managed to keep the game ahve after 
the first inning, as they fell behind by 23 and needed 
to score at least 13 in their half of the inning to 
remain in the game. Under OTl rules. a team must 

Bullet Hits was seeded number one and How Do 
You Know was number two as both teams made it 
through the round robin and single-elimination 
playoffs to the finals. 

HAIRCUTS 

$995 
I~s: 

• Shampoo 
- Conditioner 

only 
AIIo featuring: 

Curls, R~ers and Waves 

PERMS $2495 
Includes: 

-Shampoo 
• Conditioner 

only 

Using TeB Products With Specialists Willie or Ike 

OPEN 7 DAYS 
APPOINTMENT NOT NECESSARY 

UNIVERSITY TOWNE-CENTRE - 455-0420 

In the Name of God. MOlt Merciful, MOlt Compuaionate:-.. 
AMERICA'S VITAL R 

THE MIDDLE 
EAST 

No other lrea in che world " to the interesu J the t.JoltId Sea .. • 
economicall, and politiadl, • thM the ~ Euc. And ftC) adler .... 
torn by conflict. U.S. lavoiw....c in Lebanon, JmeIj ~ U.s. 
oil interest. Islamic I'CYivalilm, Pen. War Gulf· aD clIUn a"eln ... 
lrea. 

Who reaUy hold. the power there? And who hu che rilht to powerl To 
find out about thia very eenatdve and crittcal ares. attend thia informative 
meeting. 

Film &. Speech (by a Middle Eastern Expert) 
Time: -4:30 pm. Wednesday, May 2. 1984 
Place: 304 Hardy Tower, San Diego State University. 
Admwion free "B.A. (p SoU) L. ____ ~~~~~~~ __________________________ ~"~¥Ch~n 

Running Thoughts 
By JEFF SAVAGE 

The los Angeles Forum - where all the Hollywood stars gather to witness "The 
Greatest Show On Earth." 

I have ro queSlion the Guinntss all-time entertainment list which has the 1984 AD 
Lakers in the Forum ranked second behind the" AD Gladiators in the Colosseum. 
C'mon, Guinness, greats like jack Nicholson. Charlton Heston and Michael Jackson 
swoon over the Lakers. And they know a good thing when they see it. You can be sure 
that Caesar. Cleopatra and Nero didn't ask the Gladiators for autographs. 

Mystified as I was over this "second great" t" labeling. I decided to catch the act for 
myself. But the main e\'Lnt IS so expensive t. J( 1 had to settle for a sideshow instead. 
It was nearly as entertaining. 

I took to the freeway early yesteraaj morning. and in rwo short hours, I reached the 
city. As I drove through Inglewood with do .. locked and windows rolled up tight . I 
arrived at the Forum and gave the attendant .J>'T '0 be aUowed to park my faded.blue 
72 Mazda on the grounds. It was an honor to have the Laker organization accept four 
of my doBars. After parktng the car In lot ll. I flipped my camera strap over my 
shoulder, grabbed my autograph book and with head held high, strode straIght to the 
Forum doors. 

Upon entering the great arena where this bnlliant show is cased , I felt a tremendous 
excitement rush through my body. Here I was, at a real live Laker practice . 1 raced past 
the concession Sl3nd, starving for a glimpse of the Laker gods. Nor only for the players 
and coach - I had my fingers crossed that owner Jerry Buss and General Manager 
Jerry West would be there also. 

Winning the Pacific Division is just a formality for th ;e Lakers. Their real season 
stans with the playoffs. and after eliminating the KC Kin¥ in three straight. they 
opened the second round the day before with a l34-91 thrashing of the Dallas 
Mavericks. This was no regular practice session. This W<1, a playoff practice. 

As I sat down in my seat. my appetite was quickly satisfied as 1 spOlted the big brass 
across the way. About 15 rows up. coach Pat Riley was ellJoying a nice three-martmi 
lunch with thejenys. Riley looked as marvelous as ever, dressed in an Italian suit with 
a French-cw collar shirt and Gucci shoes. Not a hair out of place. Riley smiled and 
joked with the two fuB-bodied wine-twirling blondes who were clinging to either arm 
of the Great Buss. The life of Riley has been as fabulous as the Forum itself of late 
with the cool one haYing directed the lakers to the Championship Series three of the 
last four years. Hollywood happiness at its finest. 

GM West seemed ~ite endualed with Riley's cavorting. With hands in pockets and 
eyes opened wide, West was leaning forward on his toes, determined not to miss a 
beat. The former l.aIr£r gmtt had been through enough of these p1ayolT games as a 

pIa~r lO feel oombuble by now. Bur West has done nothing wonh noting since the 
Great Buss.ppoirRd him General Manager five )'Urs ago. Many feel that Buss Simply 
installed a -name: nuch the same way that he appointed ex-King goalie Rogie Vachon 
General Manager of his LA hockey team. West is the lakers' duD. plain. big-name guy, 
and even though me Midwesterner probably stiD feels lost and confused in the big city, 
he's as happy as a thirsty horse at a full water trough. 

But I was most intrigued with the actions of Buss. Here was a man who had rwo 
Ioudy women on his side, two championship rings on his fingers. ownership of three 
professional sports teams (including the U I..azers of the MISL) and a nice lunch in 
his house. Buss owns the Forum, too. But instead of jumping up and down as I 
expected. the smoom operator calmly gestured a waiter to the table to have his ladies' 

~ne glasses refilled. Buss is truly great. 
But greatness does not end in the stands. Down on the court. ten. acrobats with 

squeaking sneakers effonlessly dance about on the hardwood. I shiver with deltght as 
MagicJohnson runs a sharp three-on-two break by lobbing a perfect pass to the hoop. 
where Michael Cooper, who runs like a greyhound and glides like a hawk, goes high 
to catch It and Jam It through for one of those patented Coop-a-loop plays. Magic's 
passing is as brilliant as his smile, and he is decidedly the Laker leader. And Cooper is 
the spark from the bench who had a hold on "best sixth man in the game" honors 
until this year when teammate James Wonhy stole it away. 

Worthy makes a Sleal at the other end, gives the baD up to Byron Scott. lumbers 
down the COUrt and gets ·it back in time to soar past Kun Rambis for a slam. James has 
been worthy of aD the praise that has been heaped upon him since he joined the pro 
ranks last year. There is no question that, given his tremendous ability. a couple more 
years of experience win alford him a decade of all-league honors - and maybe an 
MVP or two. 

When Worthy got the ball inside. whirled and knifed between two defenders for 
another slam dunk, my stomach did a Hip tum. I wasn't sure if it was butterflies or 
hunger pangs, but I took no chances and darted back to the concession stand. I soon 
discovered ~ the Lakers even provide the best hot d~ and popcorn in the 
Sowhland. This i.s definitely a class act. 

I sealed back down just in time to see the rookie Scott kick one out to Jamaal 
Wilkes, who netted a 2I-foot lay-up from the right comer. How many of those has he 
made in his career. I wondered. Wilkes is the secret superstar of the organization. You 
can always count on him to get a quiet 20 points a game. Wilkes is silky smooth. 

When the Lakers traded Norm Nixon to San Diego before the Sl3rt o( the season. 
they lost a true w:reran. But they got a large return on their investment. Byron Scon, 
fresh out of Arizona State as the first guard drafted and the founh pick overall, 
provides the Ulcers with fresh blood. When Buss pedaled Nixon. he knew what he 
was doing. Noon is a pro but he only has a few ~ars left. ScOtt is like Worthy; he 
represents long-term success. 

But Scott is only a rookie, and mistakes are to be expected. Byron telegraphs a pass 
that johnson intercepts. The Magic Man then proceeds to lull the defense to sleep with 
a slow, deliberate dribble before riDing a buBet underneath to Bob McAdoo. who spins 
and drops in a 12-foot fallaway rainbow. Although no longer the p\a~r he once was 
when'. ten years ago, he was voted the NBA's MaSl Valuable Pla~r. McAdoo represents 
the leadership. The three-time NBA scoring champion is the Lakers' old warhorse. 
Having Mac's experience on the coun is almost as good as having GM West suit up 
and dribble around a bit. And McAdoo is Slill a viable shooting threat. 

But I'm not satisfied with this cast just yet. I'm still waiting for the key ingredient to 
get mixed in. I know it's going lO happen, and so does everyone else. It·s just a maner 
of... now. jabbar rakes the pass in the lane, herks one way and jerks back the other as 
he startS that long body spin which culminates with the release of the skyhook. Good 
from ten. Kareem Abdul Jabbar is unstoppable. Moses cannot Stop him. Sampson 
cannot stop him. Goliath and the Gladiators combined could not stop him. And he is 
the reason the Lakers will have no problem winning the NBA title this year. 

As the sideshow comes to a close and the curtain fans for another day. I taDy the 
scores. Parking - ten. GQ coach - ten. GM image - ten. Owner - ten. Acrobats -
ten. Hot dog - ten. It's a clean sweep across the board . The Lakers will ride the Great 
Buss to the title in 1984 AD. The Guinness people ought to reconsider their list. 

TENNIS 

ocr 
campus rec .... 'lon 

INI 
imp'''''. on '(OVf ,.",.,;, game Uy "".ching _ 
ploy T.",.,;, cooch. Tod y~ wMI f .... ·..,. 
_icIponU' WOk ... by allowing them 10 ,..... ,hom-
sH.t~ nlning 'Of~, bockhonr to SfWH. ~ 
lobi and ov~ It wil prOYe ( J be' 0 ~ ~ 
ct;r;c for oft ...... ploy .... 

SUNDAY. MAY S 
9 AM - 10:30 AM 

.a.BO 
SIgn up and ~ at M007 
~_obIou""~ 

~clA..-_ 

(aught· in a Bind? 
\ P 

Kinko's is there 
for that last 
minute copy job. 

8855 Villa La Jolla Dr. 
(Ralphs/Sav-On Shopping Center) 

M-Th.8-8 
Fri. 8-6 
Sat. 10-5 
Sun. 12-5 

YOU ARE INVITED TO A TALK AND 
VIDEO PRESENTATION ABOUT THE 

LIFE AND TEACHING OF 
SATHY A SAl BABA 

THE END Of WISDOM IS FIIEEOOM. 
THE END Of cUt. TIME 15 PENE<TION. 
fHE END Of HHOWlEOGE 15 lOVE. 
THE END Of EDUCATION 15 CHfWlCTEfI. 

TIME: 7:30 PM 
DA TE: TUES" MAY 1 

LOCA nON: 767 AMIFORD (PT. LOMA) 
FOR MORE INFORMATION CALL 

450-1638 
l!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 

{,-, 



Attention Sun God Festival people: 
There will be no meeting today. All blue forms 

must be turned in to Linda. 

AS Internship Office Presents: 
The ASIO Flower Sale! A wide selection of professionally 

arranged corsages and boutOnnieres are on sale now for the first 
all-campus semi-formal, Saturday May 19. Booths are located at 
both Revelle Plaza and the box office , Monday thru Friday 11-3. 
All orders will be available for convenient on-campus pick-up 
the day of the dance. We do have the lowest prices in town, so 
hurry and place your order today! 

The Associated Students Internship Office is now accepting 
applications for fall quarter. Deadlines for national and 
California internships are May 4 and San Diego May 11. Our 
office will not be open this summer, so come and apply now, in 
the student cemer above the gameroom or caU 452-4689 for 
more info. Also, stop by our potatoe booth at the Sun God 
Festival on May 11 . 

Come and be a role player 
Role-players meeting this Wednesday. Anyone interested in 

playing or learning how to play role-playing games is invited to 
attend a role-players meeting at AP&'M 2250. on Wednesday, 
May 2 at 9: 15 pm. Players are desperately needed [or any game. 
Sponsored by the Euphoric Role Players of the Tacit Universe 
(ERPTU). 

Polynesian ight at the Natatorium 
aturday. May 5 at 8 pm. Put on your most outrageous 

flowered shin and come to this never-to-be-forgotten luau. 
Gorge yourself on teriyaki chicken and see a polynesian show. 
Only $10.00. Sponsored by UCSD CUBA club. Tickets at UEO 
Box Office. 

rAGO's Non-sexist dance returns 
The LAGO Non-sexist dance will be held Saturday, May 5 

from 9 pm to 1 am at the Che Cafe. Once again, same place, 
same time. Join rAGO and its friends for a great time at the Che. 
Good music. good munchies and good mingling opportunities. 

Second Annual Gay Blue] eans Day Friday 
The Lesbian and Gay Organization started an annual Gay 

Blue Jeans Day to give gay people an opportunity to express 
their pride and community. Non-gay people are invited to wear 
their jeans to show their support for human freedom. 

Need an- escort across campus? 
The UCSD escort service works 365 days a year from 5 pm [Q l' 30 

am. Community Service Officers are radio dispatched and there is 
no charge. 452-4360. 

Thank You UCSD 
for voting in the 
As Elections! 

T~ 
ijH'E 

BANIJS YOU 

" , -
'fAKE o{!1 YO(/K 
AGRI':5Jio.v A~AIAJ~ T 
j3AAlP.5 Y(JV.iTAUY 
f)~I~T.'.'.' 
VOTF Foil TifF 
/3M.Ip-, Y0tJi-OI/F 
70 Ij;f-rc. CP/'fF To 
.ASSael~V.wY.t. ~ 
~Altj4,vPTO ~ 

y()V~ vo;-~ 

1f. 

Students needed for UC governance 
Who? All undergraduate and graduate students who will attend the 

Unl\,ersity of California during the 1984-85 academic year are eligible. 
What? Students are needed to serve on several U.c. systemwide 

commitlees during the 1984-85 academic year. THese are the committees 
with chancellors and univerSity vice-presidents who make decisions 
affectiong your education and life. Unless students serve on these 
commitlees. crucial input that could change the course of events will be 
missing. Policies affe ctiong student fee levels. graduation requirements. 
quality of teachig, student housing. and other issues are determined by 
systemwide committees. 

Where? These committees meet throughout the state, but usually at 
University Hall in Berkeley. Student representatives are reimbursed for 
most cost associated with attending committee meetings. Committees meet 
monthly. quarterly or annually. 

How? To apply to serve on a systemwide committee. simply complete an 
application and mail to: U.c. Student Lobby. 926 J Street, Room 616, 
Sacramento. CA. 95814. 

No experience is necessary. so don't let anyone discourage you. An 
orientation inJuly will prepare you for your committee assignment. We are 
looking for conscientious individuals willing to attend all meetings and 
report regularly to the Student Body President's Council. your statewide 
student advocates and the UC Student Lobby. 

Applications available at AS office. Student Center, upstairs a~ EDNA. For 
more info. contact linda Clark at x4450. 

Che Cafe Happenings 
Monday, April 30 at lunchrime, free music: "New 

Guinea Sounds" by San Guma. Wednesday, May 2 All 
You Can Eat for $3 from 5-7 pm, featuring Falafel on Pita 
and Tah] I Sauce with Tabouli Salad. 

.I" 

Bop 'til you drop! 

The UCSD Semi-Fonnal 
is quickly approaching 

Dance to Dirk 'Debonaire and the 
Rebel Rockers from 8 pm to 2 am 

May 19th at the 
Sheraton Harbor Island 

Tickets are $9.00 per person and are on sale at the 
Box Office. Presented by ASUCSD Programming. 

Students who have purchased tickets are eligible, 
for rafIIe tickets for the drawing at the Sun God 
festival for dinners, limo rides and more. If you 
don't have a raffle ticket go to the box office; if you 
don't have a semi-fonnal ticket you better get with 
it IOODI 

SPONSORED IV KODAK ) 
, . ,. 
.. . 

Thursday, Mav 10, 1984 
6 pm & 8 pm - Triton Pub 

I 

Sponsored by Associated Students. FREE!!! 

Attention 
Student Organizations: 

Check your mailboxes, which are located in Marietta's 
office upstairs in the Student Center or within two 
weeks it goes in the circular file! 

• • • • • • • ••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

AN AMERICAN 
WEREWOLF 
IN LONOON 

"A knock~ off, 
fantaRicaUl' friabteninI 
and lUlCioully P'V 
momter movie." 
-un MAGAZINE 

"An old fashioned 
rock and ron horror 
movie with solid 
humor ... a lot of fun!' 
-Fred YaKer, Associaled Press 

POU'(oa" .. PK.Tt..IE PltlSlNTS 
A U'CANTHI OP£ nu.~ LlMmD .. OOllCTlON 
AN AM1IK.'AN WEREWOLf IN LONDON 
'T" •• INGrw.mNAlJGHTON.JlNI"'V AlGurru . 
r.a.mN Dl1N~l. JOHN \M)()(MNE 
OIUfil1\,Al ML'1K IV ELMEI MaN T£tN 
EX[Clmn: PIlODlJCII PlnIOtJ8P. JON ft uas 
PIlOOUl'10 IY fiEOllGl fOUlf, J'. 
" 'In nN AND OIIIEC1'EP BY JOHN LANDIS [-,,\I. "'b---.~l - !fiI!!!I!!!!/II-.--.~ 

... --

DIn Friday, May 4 

AdmiuIon $1.75 <at the box 
Place USB 2722 
•••••• I ••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 



24 Apnl 30, 198~ 
SPORTS . 

• • • • ••••• • .,.. I.~. • • • ......... • • " )0"/; '. ... ~ '. ..... \, < • ... ~..':::. :.v..,.... . ... ," '. '''x.; 

Split leaves Tritons a win from the edge 
By JEFF SAVAGE 

When the TritOn baseball team does 
its warm-up exerCises, spllts are not pan 
of the routine. Apparently, the players 
must feel deprived. At least they get 
their fair share in games - UCSD has 
spilt ten doubleheaders this year. They 
do more splits than a cheerleader, or a 
logger on wood. 

The latest break-even performance 
came aturday at Olsen Field, as the 

Derell Allwms Jm'cs 1I double up the ulley. 

Tntons rebounded from a 6-3 hrst-gamc 
loss to crush Cal Baptist ll-2 In the 
nightcap. UC D is 10-8 In league pla y, 
and now must either bem Cal Baptist in 
the last regular season game Tuesda)' or 
hope that Westmont loses to Cal 
Lutheran , for the Trirons to secure the 
number one seed In the upcommg 
District 3 playoff mlnl-wurnament thiS 
SaturdJY at UCSD, 

Although thm seed IS sull 10 doubt , 
the Tmons are assured of a playoff SpOt 
m the tournament, and they are sure to 
be makmg an early exit if they perform 
as they did In the first game ,tg,unst Cal 
Baptist. Uncharacteristic mental 
mistakes opened the door for four of 
the-l..lncers' Slx-runs, as Frank Califano 
absorbed the loss. 

UCSD held an early 2-1 lead after 
freshman Derek A1konis smacked a 
double up the aUey to drive In both 
runs, but Cal Baptist answered in the 
third with three singles and a sacrifice 
ny to take a 3-2 lead. Cal Bapllst added 
a run in the fourth, as T nton 
cemerfielder Dennis COSta let a ball get 
hy him lor a two-base error. In the 
six th , shon top Klaudlo Blazcvich 
couldn't pick up a groundball, thereby 
allOWing a Lancer to reach third hase . 
He didn't remam there long, as Califano 
spun and faked a throw to third in ,m 
attempt to bluff the runner back, but the 
ball shpped out of hiS hand and rolled 
away. CJlifano picked up his first RTI 
- run thrown In - of the season 

UCSD mounted a cLlmeback In the 
botwm of the sixth when Jim MJnln led 
off with a walk and advanced to second 

The home of the 
35¢ hamburger. 

- ... r~l ~' L : ...... ~ ·I LL. ' f1\ ~, •• ,,, "I •.• ..J ._ 
-=.." 

• 341. . " I., • '4S 
---..;; - : . :, . 

Under 10 minutes away! 

F 

7140 Miramar R rl. 
San Diego 

l ~ ---ALL-AMERICAN MEAL ---IN--------------------~ Quarter Pounder ' with Cheese, Larg\: Fry, II Medium- iz.e Soft Drink ' .• ~ II 
• • .nH .. "" jUSt $1.99 II I 1 1mlt t)nl" l ()UI"ln l'lo r I ll"tnm\.'r , rl.'r "!''Ilt Pk~I~l.° 

rl'Sl"nt "'Ur{ln "hl'O I 'rJ"rln~ Not VJItJ "lin ,In~ (pl u tax) II I Hnn IItt" Only at : II 
VauJ thru 71 40 Miramar Rd. II 

May 31 , 1984. San DicKO d 
- ...... iii-iiiiiii_iiiiiiiiiiiiiii~iiii __ iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii_~ 

on COSta's Single up the middle. 
Blazevlch lollowed with a perfect bum 
up the first base line for an infield 
single [0 load the b,\ses. David 
Stanovlch then drew a walk to rorce 111 a 
run to make it 5-3. With nobody out 
and Bob atal oming to the plate, 
Tnron coach Lyle Yates wem imo a 
heavy drool , but atal struck out and 
Don Petersen rapped into 3 doubleplay 
to end the threat rather abruptly. Cal 
Baptls l picked up another run 111 the 
[OP of the seve nth, the Tritons f,tiled to 
answer. and the Lancers claimed the 
opener. 

"You coum on these guys to make 
contact ," said Yates of Natal and 
Petersen. "They have-been money 
players ror us all year: Too bad the 
bank accoum was rathtr depleted in the 
first game. 

The Lancer pitchers couldn 't keep the 
Triton b.lts 111 check in the nightcap, as 
Petersen and Alkonis led a balanced 
attack and UCSD cashed 111 on an 11-2 
Will. 

A nine-run sixth inning explosLOn 
broke open what had been JUSt a 2-1 
afralr momems ea rlier. Joe w olr led off 
the II1ning with" double off the left-
ce nterfie ld fence. After John Rosness 
sll1gled and Manin walked to load the 
bases, Costa pushed a squeeze bunt up 
the first base llI1e, and beat It out while 
drivll1g 111 Wolf. Blazevlch rollowed with 
a sll1gle to Idt to drive 111 twO more . 
Stanovich was then called on to bunt , 
and he successfully moved Costa and 
Blazevich to second and third, 
respectively mal was intentionally 

walked to load the bases lor Don 
Petersen , who prom ptly poked a two-
nll1 double to the leftficld corner. 
Alkollls singled for ,lOother run , Wolf 
and Rosness walked to fill the bases for 
the rourth time in the innll1g, and Jim 
Manin drove in UC D's eighth and 
ninth runs of the frame by depositing a 
double down the leltfield Ime and into 
the comer. 

UCSD crUised the rest of the way, 
and sophomore righthander Mark Sloan, 
who with freshman teve Saggl31l1 has 
tormed UCSD's new dynamic mound 
duo, picked up hiS Sixth win of the 
season. 

aggiani strutted his stuff at Olsen 
Field Wednesday against DIVISIOn I 
University of San Diego With a no-hitter 
through SIX innings, But with one out 111 
the seventh , U 0 Idtfielder Andre Jacas 
drove a ball sharply to the left side of 
the infield. Third baseman Petersen 
dove to his left but the ball glanced off 
the tip or hiS glove , and Jacas heat 
shortstop Biazevich's throw to first. 
Although Saggialll tired 111 the eighth 
after surrendering three runs, the 
Tritons were busy having :1 big day at 
the plate, as they went on tLl p 5t a 6-3 
decision . 

John Rosness went three-ror-four at 
the plate, and Bob mal continued his 
torrid hitting as he collected three more 
hns to total SIX 111 two days. 

Saggiani Will work Tuesday's game at 
Cal Baptist as the Tritons look for the 
top spot 111 the mll1 l-tournament to be 
played on rnc ndly Olsen Field. Who 
could ask for a hetter opponumty? 

UCSD Events Office presents 

VINCENT PRICE 
THE VILLAINS STILL P URSUE M E 

A H/~rOR), (J /- V/LLAI.\J }' 
VI\.U:.:'\ I PRICl rcturns 111 <In <lil-nc\\' program With 

.In lllJ utlc Wc urgt: )'llU [ll gCI \'our [lCkCb carly 
I G.A. $7.00, UC5D Fac/ 5taffl ~t.5r $5 .00, UC 0 5t $4.00 

MAY 3, TH R~DA\" 8 .00 P.M. 
MAi'oDLVILLI A UDllORIUM 

.... iiiiiiiiiiiiiiUCSD Box Office &: Ticketron: 452-4559 ____ ill 

R~Qnals a step. awQ,Y-

Leopards swept away 
By JEFF SAVAGE 

With two on and twO OUI in the last 
inning of the second game of Saturday'S 
home doubleheader with La Verne, 
Barbara Arnold, UCSD's number nine 
hitter who boasts a modest .250 average, 
was down to her last strike. The Tritons 
were shon by a run on the scoreboard, 
and a loss would severely damage their 
chances for a playoff benh in the 
Western Reglonals, Although UCSD had 
won the first game 5-1 , a sweep was 
necessal)'. La Verne pitcher Tracy 
Vaniman wound up and delivered, and 
Arnold sent the baD screaming down the 
leftfleld line for a double. The baD nearly 
kicked up chalk as Manha Bronson 
followed Pam Hardaway across the plate 
to give UCSD a dramatic 5-4 victol)' 
and vinuaDy secure a SpOt III the 
Regionals. Although qualification is a 
subjective matter, if La Verne loses 
either game of a doubleheader against 
Redlands Tuesday, or if UCSD manages 
at least a split with Redlands Friday, the 
Tritons should qualify. 

The Tritons managed a run in the 
first inning as freshman Charissa 
Hammett singled and worked her way 
around the bases on two sacrifices and 
a passed baD. La Verne bounced right 
back and took a 4-1 lead with four runs 
in the founh. UCSD picked up twO in 
the fifth to make it a 4-3 game as Sandi 
Walters bunted safely, moved to second 
on an ovenhrow, went to third on a 
passed ball and scored on a single by 
pitcher Vanessa Davis. Two passed balls 
later, Davis was at third, coming in to 
score when Cathy WiUiamson Singled 
up the middle, setting the stage for 
Arnold's last-strike heroics. 

In the opener, Davis went the 
distance, allowing just a single run in 
the seventh inning as UCSD secured 
things early. In the second, the Tritons 
took a 2-0 lead as Tanya Keedy walked 
and All-Conference shonstop Pam 
HaJtlaway sinRled. The pair then 
worked a double steal to reach second 
and third. Manha Bronson foDowed 
with a sacrifice bunt to drive in Keedy, 
and Hardaway cKJUCd the plare on her 
own by stealin& home. 

The Tritons broke it open with three 
runs in the fooM. With the bases 
loaded, Bronson laid down a perfect 
squeeze to score Davis from third, and 
Keedy raced around from second as the 
catcher dropped the ball on the throw 
home. One out tarer, Hardaway scored 
on a passed ball. 

AiO&u 
SALE I 
Mayl -
thru 

May 4 
9:00 • 4:30 

2~ OFF AU. 
MERCHANDISE· 
°Exclud8l 1tems already 
sale pr1cecl and I1m1ted 

to stock on hand. 
(619) 452-4015 

AQUAIIOM IOODIIOP 
1..-007 

SCIIPPS INSifiUii OF 
OCEANOCDAPIIY 

LA JOU,&.. CA. 92093 

"We are a running team and we like 
to take a lot of chances," said UCSD 
coach Colleen Wight. "This time they 
paid off." 

UCSD was coming off a split with 
Whittier on Friday - the Tritons 
dropping the first game 5-2 before 
winning the second 11-1. In the second 
game, WiUiamson doubled home two 
runs and Keedy, Hardaway and Bronson 
contributed RBI singles in a five-run 
uprising in the founh inning which 
quickly settled the affair. Bronson and 
Hammen each had three hits in the 
game. 

The doubleheader against Redlands 
Friday at 2 pm will be UCSD's last 
home game this season. Even if the 
Tritons were to be rewarded with the 
home field draw in the Western 
Regionals , they would have to decline 
because Warren Field does not meet 
league standards. Pam Hardaway beats a throw to the platt for a steal of home against the Lto(Xlrds Saturday. 

At last! Chargers in Super Bowl 
By PAT ROBLES 

What a big news day! Iran made 
peace with Iraq, innation feD below 20% 
ror the first time this year, and best of 
all, the Chargers are playing the 
Philadelphia SLars in the Super Bowl this 
afternoon. San Diego becomes only the 
second team in history to play before 
the home crowd for the Super Bowl 
trophy. (The los Angeles Rams played 
the Pittsburgh Steelers in the 1980 Super 
Bowl in Pasadena, but the Rams lost, 
didn't they?) 

The Chargers had a tremendous 
season in '88, finishing with a 19-1 
record. They started the season by 
winning their first ren, and finished by 
raking the last nine, losinS only to the 
New Orleans Saints in early November 
on a freak safety in ovenime, 9-7. In 
that game, San Diego took an early 
founh-quaner lead on a 44-yard 

,interception retum by linebacker Mike 
Green, but after the Saints' equalizer 
sent the game into OT, a mishandled 
snap from center on a punt rolled into 
and out of the endzone for the decider. 

NFL Most Valuable Player linebacker 
Billy Ray Smith led an opponunistic 
Charger defense this year, with All-Pro 

defensive end Mike Dabasinskas 
anchOring a line which topped the . 
league with 54 sacks. Smith became only 
the second defensive player in NFL 
history to win the league MVP award, 
joining the select company of Alan Page, 
one of the ramed Purple People Eaters 
of the 1970 Minnesota Vikings. 
Dabasinskas, in his third year Out of 
UClA, says he owes a lot of his speed 
and quickness to his former days as a 
center for the UCSD basketbaD team. 

The rough style of play of the 
Chargers' defensive unit leaves no 
question as to why it is known as the 
"Bruise Brothers." 

This team was definitely the class of 
the AFC in '88, recording a conference-
high seven shutouts and a +15 turnover 
advantage. Veteran QB Ed Luther 
guided the methodical offense past the 
LA Raiders in the AFC Charnpionship 
Game with three TO passes. San Diego's 
2l-) victol)' denied the Raiders their 
sixth consecutive Super Bowl 
appearance. 

San Diego's opponents today, the 
Philadelphia Stars, are led by red-hot 
QB Dan Marino, who has thrown for 

This Space Reserved for the 
UCSD Bike Shop 

nine touchdown passes 111 two previous 
playoff games. Marino is at his best in 
the big games. Philadelphia led the NFC 
in all offensive categories this year, 
outscoring the St. Louis Cardinals 49-45 
to take the NFC crown. Charger coach 
Charlie Joiner believes this will be a 
classic match or offensive explosiveness 
versus defensive might. The Chargers' 
ground control offense will be the 
mainstay of their "keep-away" strategy. 
·We feel that if our running game can 
wear down their defense and can score 
a even a few pOints, we will keep our 
defense off the field , leaving them fresh 
enough to contain Marino and his 
bunch," said the third-year coach. 

Asked his thoughts on Philadelphia's 
emergence into the NFL title game, NFL 
Commissioner AI Davis said that while 
he was happy to see a former USFL 
team in the Super Bowl for the first 
time, the Stars are decided underdogs: 
'San Diego just has too much talent to 
be denied the tide any longer after so 
many winning seasons during the '80s." 

The Chargers are an eight-point 
favorite in this, their first Super Bowl 
appearance. 

,-



UCSD streaks past foes, into record book 
By lANCE BERNARD 

UCSO's track team duplicated its Cal 
Tech invitational successes laSt Saturday, 
as Warren Field played host to 
Chapman College, Southern Utah 
College and croSStown rival USD. 

The men's and women's squads both 
emerged victorious (the women won by 
a gaping 30-poim margin), but the 
greatest highlights were the two UCSD 
records set by javelin thrower Peter 
Lund and pole vaulter Tom Kim. 

"Every one of our people did 
absolutely tremendous," said coach And> 
Skief of his athletes' performance, 
adding that both squads "fared weU." 
The men took eight events, and the 
women ran away with a spectacular total 
of nine, including both the 400- and 
1600-meter relays. 

For the men, Lund and Kim emered 
the record books with their respective 
marks of 194' and 13.7", and hurdler 
Joe Garon and distance ace Chris 
Bowlus qualified for the district 
championships - Garon clearing the 
llO-meter hurdles in 15.6 seconds, 
while Bowlus covered the 5000 meters 

Molly Wheal/ty hurdltd her way 10 )irst-
place honors in the long jump and jalltlin . 

in 15:42. Also leading the men to victof} 
were Pat Huon, who repeated last week'~ 
800-meter victory, and PO Deavers, 
whose 44 'Y performance in the triple 
jump PUtS him within inches of the 
school record. 

The women saw sprinter Stephanie 
Schulz and the versatile Molly Wheatley 
score double victories to help outclass 
the competition. Schulz took the 100 
and 200 meters, while Wheatley (a 
competitive heptathlete) proved 
unbeatable in the long jump and javelin. 
Beth Paine once again captured the 800 
meters, Barbara Higgins ran away with 
the 1500, and freshman sensation Erica 
Rothenburger ran a formidable 5000. 
The 400- and 1600-meter relay squads 
also. won to round out the day. 

So far, only Garon and Bowlus seem 
likely to make the Nationals this season, 
but several athletes aim to do well in the 
upcoming district championships in 
Santa Barbara. This coming Saturday, 
UCSO will compete at Point Loma 
College, at noon, to finish the regular 
season . 

Body Ii SOL. 
... a 

~ C(AVEClAl" WOC1ElUMA S lit 

}I 
/ 
-

-
--

-

PD Deavers Sprinted UCSD to a 440 relay 
win and carllt wilhin inches of a UCSD record. 

\ARRHEA. 

tfyoutMM 
dlilrrhe. th.t 

begIIn wfIhIn 1he 1M 48 tvs and 
would like to partkl~ In ." 
11WftIIgatIona. drug study • the 
V.A. Hosplr.. atll Chery' 
ae.unont or s.w Pandol M.D. 
,45J-7S00, ext 3284 lor more 
Info. Upon completion of the 

wIIl..JwGIIw Us. 

11:lI0II DOIIII 
1 LSAI , VAT 1 NIotB 'GRE PSYCH 
2 GMAT 1. lOfH lYTlE l' CRE BID 
3 GRE l' SSAI 3 ECtMG 11 ACHIEVEMENTS 
4 MCAI 12 PSAI 

• FLEX 12 NURSING 80S HAl 13 SAl SNOB 13 CP~ 
I MAT 14 AI-I 

• NPBI 14 SPEED READING 1 PCAT 11 MSKP 1 NCB I 11 E SL RE VIEW 
• DCAI 

• CGFNS 11 INTRO 10 
LAW 5CtlOOL 

Son DIego Center 
2180 Gamet Ave .. Suite 20 
Pacific Beach 92109 
(619) 270-6110 
M.L McNulty. Administrator 

Clallllled ac:MrtIIIng Ipoce II IOId In 
100 chClracter Incr.m ...... Eoch letter, 
punc1uallOn men and Ipace beN .. n 
wordl II considered a chcIacter, wIIh 
capital I.tt.r. counHng a. two 
charadIrI. !he rate .. $1.00 per 100 
chCwOqIrI tor IIudentI and $3.00 per 
100 chGracten for nafHIudentI. You 
mull corne by the oIIce or mall'" your 
ad, a. we require payment In ac:MInce 
of publication. Deadll"..: 5 pm 
TU8Iday for ThWlday'. paper; 5 pm 
friday for MondaV" paper, For more 
Information, call 452-3466, The 
Guardian, UCSD, 8-016, La Jolla, CA 
92093. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 

Beyond Wa OrIentation. Weds May 2nd 4:00-
6:00 pm North Confa8nce Room, We 019 
calling loran end to wa. Modamtechnology 
has mode war obsolete as a viable means ot 
reSOlvIng connlct We have to change our 
mode ot thinking and action In the world. 
Please join us. (4/30) 
AOII AOII AOtI .AOn .AOII AOII ,401i Alpha 
Omicron PI wlU be rushing during Greek Week 
5/5thru 5/11 . For more Info cometotabte on 
Rev. plaza Th, &. Fri. Get Involvedl (5/3) 
Disneyland Trip - Sat May 5th tlclceh In the 
M.J1r Quod M-F 11-3 518 w/'ous 512 w/aJt. 
(4/30) 
Hey all you seedy studentsl Revelle Is looking 
for this veor'a Wo18ImeIoIIQueen. Mole Info at 
FW.t.'s. (4/3lJ) 
ReIIeIIe .~ p. ... ,1I: '"Onoa Upon a 
Mattea"May . 800 pm AevelIeCafe. $1 .50 
!10K 01. ~. (4/3lJ) 
Ifs comIrOl If. cormgI Ifs cornIngI Ifa 
comIngl Come JOIn UI In the Delta Gamma 
SpIoIh Moy_12. (~10) 
Need CoIh? fain $500+ each 1CtlooI~. 2-4 
(ftaIcIbIe) ho.n per week placing and filling 
posters an CO'TlpUI. SeIIoUI YoIOI1I8I'I any; we 
alva MCOmITl8IIdotIona. CoIII'lON tor IUIT1m8I' 
.\ next fait. 1-10)-243-6619. (5/3) 
Come get .",.t wtth the DG's at the Delta 
Gamma Splash an May 121 (5/10) 
Get wet. wild. and CItlZ'I at the Delta Gamma 
Splash an May 141 (5/14) 

FOR SALE 
1957 Metropolitan. New motor. ~ ... 
bot1ary. etc. Great IhopeI 364) MPG. Belt 
of'Ier. Pete 453-1732. (4/3lJ) 
Trek 1CHpead tour bike. Good cond. front 
pack. stNIIch IhortI. ~tI. gkMM. Incl. $170. 
or rArer 488-3139. (513) 
1 BILLY JOEL ticket an theftoortor May 3rd. Belt 
of'Ier - 583-S)28. (4/30) 
VIdeo ~ recoIdII. RCA. VHS. -..nt. 
700t. eIec:IrOI ric tuw $250. Jell. 450-0267. 
452-2617, (5/3) 
Cor'Il)Utw. DatapoIIlt 1500 64K Supports 4 
uaers 1<J.1B Hold DIIc: 1MB Rcppv DIIc: S6000 
Call: e4-3351. (5/3) 
BIlly Joel tickets. May 3. Graot 1oNar1eY8l.ats. 
Best atf8I cal 452-5664 ex 452-1722. (4/3lJ) 

,_ LN.s..,1MIaI ...... 11 ~ 
...... a wIIlWICIIlI .1M ..... I ........ 

....,.. 

• "'17_ r ••• d •• 
.M ....... . 
.T ... a.., .. .. 
. .--
............. 

• DlllatUI.R 
........ "11 •• 

.... PftMdI---,.." ....... CIOIIUIIIIOn. For _ .... l1li1111 CIllo 
a ...... __ 
....., .. a. 

734 s-tIII A--, lin DIIID. CA 91101 
...... 

1-woy air rae to MIt.ooKJukee via Derwer. 1/2 
price, nv befoIe May 5 no restrtction. Coli 
DavId 755-2465. (5/3) 
1966 Dodge Dart. needilOlTle work. reliable 
transpatotlon $400. Bltl 483-6679. (5/3) 
MJSI sell BIlly Joel May 3rd and VOI'I Holen May 
20th. Good seats. Coli Eric 453-8227 ex Tom 
452-9675. (4/~) 
SPEAKERS, lJtalineor. 8" wooIer. Z' tweeter. 
MJST SEW S30/a.b.o. 453-0841 6Y85. (4/~) 

WANTED 

Daughters 18 and over of divorced 
hOffiOlexual and heterosexual mothers 
needed tor I8SeOICh study. Only 2-3 hrs. r:A 
yoor time needed. Allis conIIdential. Coli 459-
2100 leave meaage for Julie. Please helpl 
(5/14) 
Part time. WF, no door bells. no corr(:)8tltlon. 
good doily camm .. call Jim (8\IeS or bet. 10 

orn), ~5625. (4/~) 
Do you \/lI\:mt to give CNIOY that old Vector or 
larrtx>rghinl? St8118 Shaw will graciously 
accept. 455-5792. (4/30) 
• Artists/Writers needed for new college 
publicat ion. Pleose call today tor 
assignments (619) 57~702. (5/3) 
Help Wonted Secretarial assistants. doctor's 
otfice. Ught typing. srIOnds. prqects. Full time 
M .. f. OI'Id part time Sat. &. Sun. 4S4-{)973. 
Se\IeIoI positions 0II011abie. Flexible hours. 
(4/30) 
watermelon Queen for annual drop, Contact 
Rellelle ProvosI's Ofc. For rTlOI9lnfo. (5/3) 
Profasalonol female, early 30's. looking fot 
female traYellng COl' rpanlon 10 EIIOpe this 
summer 280-7416, (4/~) 
OVERSEAS JOB. .. Summer. yr. round. ~ S. 
ArrIM .. .4UtIaIIa. AlIa AI fields. S9QG.:DlO mo. 
Slahtl88lng. Free Info. write uc. PO Booc 52-
cAw Corona Del Mar. CA 92625. (5/7) I 
PART-1NE live-in hcu8wak •• Sal. Fum. Rm .. 
La Jolla. Aellable-coligeliial 273-5458. (5/7} 

HOUSING 

Brand rteN opts - MIRA WOODS VIlAS - Jr 
1Br. 1Br. 28r-28a for May 1 moY8ln. Rents from 
S395 ta S55C1. o,ly 10 miles from UCSD, 
Iooot8d at 1-15 &. Carroll Canyon Rd. 0IIIce 
open 9-5 dally, 1(32) Ma,o Unda Rd., 56t>-
4554 (4/~) 
Fern for 3bed,'2ba CIoIIemoIot houIe. 0Nn 
tIJOm, Fool. jacuzzi. S1981mo. 1st, last. $108 
dep bV May 1, 292-3403. (4/3lJ) 
Summer abIet needed fIan late Mav ttvu 
eortv Aug. two mc:IIIed UClA low studenta 

~ fer S.D. low ftrrr& Cal Ew 01 Dan 
CaICJI (213) 391-6668 Collect, (5110) 
Sole: ~ condo 2br 2ba blat to UCSO 
pII\Iate gI8CIt tor 2 I00I1 rates or cfIIat + BR 19.5 
call 270=-1219, (4/30) 
!hn pb apt .. own 100I'I\ f UCId student pMf .. 
no tobc¥:co/alcohol (S1SO/mo. +utll. 
+dep.).Rcbert: 483-IZl7. (4'3lJ) 
Male I'OOI'TVTlCIIIt ~ fer MIllon a.ach 
condo from Mav 1 to J\r18 3lJ, On the beach 
with a boIconV and pallo. gP8attoruflcNlngl 
CWf $162.50/mo. Sha8 room. 2J0.0349. Coil 
noovlHlI (5/3) 

LlALI 
CD'l'tDtl 
CGIIUT 

737 Pearl 
La Jolla 

456-1170 
456-1815 

PRECISION 
HAIRCUTS 

SERVICES 

I.'K:lRD PROCESSING: ::.peedy service. PIckup 
& delivery on campus. Cali Ardot at 279-8056. 
(6/7) 
IlVPE AND EDIT FOR $1.50 per page. Excellent. 
fast 381'\11ce. Ca" Elaine. 224-0329. (5/17) 
Typing - Term papers - dissertations -
IheseI - resumes. Fast. reasonable. PS area. 
Carole 483-9109. (5/10) 
lVPlNG-WORD f'ROCfSSlNG, Term Paper$. 
Dlssertatons. Reasonable Rates. North 
County.. 724-09 77. (5/ 3) 
1VpIng. 'M)Id processing. tape ft'anectIptIon. 
QJaIIty work at reasonable rates. L.o .JoIta. 
Sandv. 459-5816. (6/7) 
UMVANTED HAIR REMCNED PERMANENTLY 
near campus. La Jolla Protessionat Center. 
8950 Villa L.o Jolla Dr. Suite 116O-C Call lor 
oppt 457-«)39. (6/7) 
T'lP1ng1 Wad Processlngl Rush jobsl Term 
papers, theses. resumes, transcription. 
Jennifer ~ 274-5005. (6/7) 
TYPING: IBM RUSH JOBS term papers theses 
dissertations editing 453-0656 ( eve) 452-1568. 
(6/7) 
roIoonuscripts. theses, dissertations. resumes 
typed. Experienced. 51 page OS Betty 755-
4779. (5/24) 
Top drawer S8Cl9tarlal service reports, 

rna~ts, resumes. letters. Reasonable 
call 481-4160. (5/3) 
Need a IypIst7 Reasonable, speedy. 15 yeas 
8llper!e1rce. gUOlOntee work. Coli Kothte57b-
1277 anytime. (4/3lJ) 
Typing/Word Proc. Theses/Dlss/Papers. 
E;cperIeIrced - Reasonable Rates - Top 
quality. VIsta 7~7. (5/17) 
TVPINGI ONLY 51.25/pg. Call ReIIoetoanange 
pick-up and delivery - 453-~7, (5/3) 
High quality. fast. 0CCUICfe typing at specklI 
IOf8 tor students. Some ctav service. 16 yrsexp. 
Call Fery 452-1393 anytime. (5/3) 
Typing SeMoe - All fypef. )tcademIc-

~I, 51,00 double spaced. $2.00 
single spaced 420-1347. (5/3) 
~erIzed typIng/wad proceaing. Fast. 
reliable. Term papers, theIes. dissertations. 
481-0268. (5/10) 

LOST Bc FOUND 

LoIt: Gold bl'aoetet on 4-26 between BIo-MecI 
&. plaZa or ? High I81'\timental ~Iue. Pleale 
call 453-9745. Generous f8'W'OId . (5/7) 
l.oIt. NotIonal Semiconductor "Mothemotl-
clan" Colculator In vicinity r:A Revelle 
eornrru. Lounge or HL on 8Y8I'Iing r:A 
4/'1A/8A. It bAnd. pIeoIe coil 7~. 
Rewatd. (5/7) 
l.cIt: 1 pair Tort_ SheII..,..glcmanomewh8l8 
an ,.....,. ~ Help a blind student coil 
457-4372. (4/30) 
LOST: PlaIrwIng kev chain with 2 lets r:A kevs 
~ houIekeV&. room kev). $REWAROSS 

cxil~7. (5(7) 
$RewQldSLolt my notebockl Standard l.CSD 
bookItont 3 pocIcet notebook dark gI98tl 

_!!~~~~~~~ ___ T ____ ~~e!~'!P~~..s.:.l~~!. __ 
PRECISION HAIRCUT I PERM sa.-I (long hair extra) women, $13.-

men, $11 
Includes shampoo, cut &: blow dry 

(long hair extra) 

~--~-------------~--I 
CEllOPHANE $15 

CCN8l'. near Centrol Ubl'ary A(x. 20th 001450-
0215. (5/3) 
lost a Minolta camero and vMtar lens at Ole 
Cafe. If found pIeoIe contact Tom 273-2615. 
Rewordl (5/3) 
Lost: AprIl 13 blue boc:kpock with notebooks 
and textbook. If found piease call4S3-6117. 
Reword: S40 or best elfer. (5/3) 
Found: One watch, at War8l'l Field, last 
Sunday. Call 453-6075 to Identify. (4/30) 
lost: Desperately needed blue nylon wollet 
wtth kevs attached. Lost Friday. 4-20 on Third 
Compus. Call 455-7546, (5/3) 
lost VoOliet blue velcro lost 4/17 please cali 
272 .. 6540 reword. (5/3) 
lost: Amethyst ring at Cluster library or Revelle 
fXJt1dng lot Thursday night. Sentimental yolue 
- please return. 452-7273. (4/~) 

PERSONALS 

Sora F.: Congratulations on AOil pledge class 
presldenll This quarter Is going to be a blastl 
Love, your RB. (4/30) 
- Alpha Omicron PI- .JoIn the fun during 
Greek Week - Rush AOll illnto & schedules on 
plaza Thur. &. Fri. 5/3 &. 5/4. Explore the 
possIbilitiesl (5/3) 
YVhot 'M)Uld YaJ do If your boy/glrtfrlend said, 
"Sorry. honeydew. but I cant<lloupe."? $50 
and the ccweted post eX Watermelon Queen 
to the seediest response. .Apply .oday at 
Revelle Provo6t's 0tfIce. (4/30) 

~I A - Good luck with piedging TI<E. You 
019 a great little bioi love YaJ, yoJI' big sisl 
(4/30) 
EddIe S. - )'OU're an awesome III bra. HaIo'8 
gteot fun being a 'll<E Zeta class pIedgel Love 
from voor big sis. (4/3lJ) 

Men age (18-30) whole father has been 
dIagnoeed as alcoholic CJI8 needed for 
broIflIAOlI8 acperIrnents at the Salk Institute 
pay $30.00-$50.00. Coil 453-4100 ext. 419. 
between noon and 500, (5/10) 
IM'Io Is 5perm-Head? And outlll Hint: look for 
him squirming around campus. (4/3lJ) 
Hey Jim. thanks for the bastes! yearl I know 
there' s many more to come. love. 
Snuggleupcx;tvIs. (4/~) 
New Guinea tremendOus tunes wi Songuma 
- one time ontv tree Mon. 11o:n-2pm. 
Experience it. Ole Cde. (4/30) 

TRAVEL 

Council I!aYeVOEE prcMdes Intormatton an 
student chaters. roIlposeeI. Inri student icfa. 
hostel cards. tan tor ages 18-35. work and 
study progICmI. and much more. Stop by the 
Student Cent_or call 452-Q630. (6/7) 
AIRFARES. WorIdNIde for students. inri student 
1.0. cadi. tours. roIlposaes. 8Iq:)8I'Ienoed 
ocMce. All your traII8I needs - Student TItMM 
Network. 1551 Camino del RIo South - tin-
9213. (6/7) 
Catallno Island Cc:Jrnprlg Trip. May 26-28 
(Memorial Day weekend). Includes 
tronsportotlon. boot CNfII to the iIIald. &. 
camping permits. Getaway Tours 268-8843. 
eoctensIon 370. (5/3) 

Color Bltnd? 

J)f!!i .• ~ ~~ 
. U you are color blind or 
even m1ldly color deUdent 
we w11l pay you $5,oo/hour to 
partiCipate in perception 
experiments on the nature of 
color bl1ndness. For more 
infonnation contact: lath.,. 
Purl or AI Nagy at 452-4762 
between 9:00 and noon. 



Learn in Europe: 
French, Spanish, 

Italian, or German. 
Live with a family 
in a native setting. 

All levels of courses. 
Call for Free Brochure 

COUNCil TRAVEL 
619-452-0630 

UCSO Student Center 8-023 
La Jolla . CA 92093 

rbUol 
(Undergtadu~ Club in Philosophy) 

Reaulbnent Organizational 
Meeting 

• • • 

Philosophy majors, minors 
and all other 

interested parties welcome. 
••• 

Wednesday, Play 2 
5:00 pm 
HL3208 

Low ................. x .......... help willi c •••••• XII •• '" 
Wells Fargo Bank is strong on student loans with the plans, tenns, and money you need 
to minimize financial worries. 
•• .,..w$I,OOO ... ,OOO ..... y ... 1'ak .... 10y ..... r ... .,. 
Wells Fargo offers two special plan ,the California Guaranteed Student Loan (CGSL) 
and the California Loans to Assist Students (eLAS). Both have low, fixed interest 
rates and flexible repayment plans. Depending on your circumstances and the loans you 
choose, you can borrow $1,000 to $8,000 per year and take 5 to 10 years to repay. And 
you may not have to start repaying until after you graduate. 
QuIck ..... n ... 
You want fast answers to your loan request. Our on-line system gives you quick 
turnaround and immediate information about your loan whenever you want it. 
Well Fargo wants to help finance your education. Don't delay. Call or visit the Wells FargQ 
Student Loan Repre entative at the office nearest you today. 

....... Pwk ... 
Lalolla Offic ,1075 Wall treet, La Jolla-459-3491 

w .. Fargo 8cmk is .. , .... on loan .. 
F r 

Semester 
vs. quarter 
contmurd jrom page J 

"An imponam feature of the 
[semesterl system to the student is that 
it permitsJou to get sick. It pennits you 
(0 get tire . It permits you to get flaky. 
The quaner system does not let you do 
that. 

"Students that I have seen, that have 
had a bad patch in the middle of a 
quaner, have suffered - often 
severely .... The semester system proVides 
the time necessary to gather your forces 
to drive on." 

One student commented by sayina 
that she would rather get sick for three 
weeks and have an excuse to drop a 
class than get sick for one week and 
have to struggle to catch up. 

According to Saltman, however. failure 
imposed by the system has never been 
an issue. He stated, ·Students who fail 
are committing some form of suicide, 
real or otherwise." 

The quaner system stresscs shon term 
memory, says Dresselhaus. to pass too 
frequent exams and subjects that ~ too 
badly overlapped. The system, he says, 
prevents concentration on individual 
Ideas. 

According to Saltman. UCSD has the 
highest number per capita of "1995" 
(undergraduate research projects) of any 
UC campus. This, he claims, is evidence 
that students have ample time to 
concentrate on subjects. 

The cost of administrative paperwork, 
says Dresselhaus, is another factor 
favoring the selT1(Sler syStem. He states 
that one-third of the present processing 
COSlS would be saved by Switching from 
quaners to semesters. 

The administration is empbatic that 
this should be an educational isS¥e only. 
UCSD chaocellor Dr. Richard Atkinson 
states. "It's important that the people 
understand that the administraQon does 
nor have an official position on this 
[debate]." 

An informal ballot taken .r the 
debate showed 33 people in favor of the 
present system, 20 in favor of semesters ./ 
with six undecided. ,/ 

/ 

Padres YS . 
.. 

Dodgers 
conllnued from page 20 
Lasorda. The object turned out to be a 
glob of chocolate - gooey chocolate at 
that. Meanwhile, Niedenfuer got in more 
than enough pitches to regain his ann, 
and he struck out Garry Templeton to 
end the threat. 

Obviously, one has tl) wonder 
whether the whole incident was used as 
a ploy to allow LA's ace reliever to warm 
up - conSidering that this was the only 
tangible result to come out of the whole 
incident. Umpire Bob Engle believed it 
was a trick, and laconically described 
his perception of the incident in the 
quote of the week: "If I'm a fan, I'd save 
my rock for him [Lasorda). not 
Marshall." 

... ... ... 

All that really matters now to the 
Padres IS regaining the top spot, a task 
made conSiderably more difficult now as 
the club leaves San Diego Jack Murphy 
Stadium and SWings into a ten-game 
road trip Stops In Atlanta (beginning 
tomorrow), Chicago, Pittsburgh and St. 
loU! precede the dub's return to San 
Diego May 11 . Los Angeles will also be 
on the road dUring that tlme, heading 
Into an FranCISCo tonight as the 
Western DIVISion leader for the fir!>t 
time thi ' season 

I he fight IS a long wa)' from over, but 
It would appear that these twO teams 
wtll oe plaYing cate h With fI r!>t place for 
much of the rest of the season At thiS 
POInt - after San Diego's dl~m.lI 
shOWing over the weekend - the 
Dodgers seem to he holding the ball . 
rime Will teU II tlll'Y run aWilY and hide 
or if they It down and play .l while 


