
, 

UCCSJD)~~ 
©\W1ITll 
MI@l~CC 
~nrrhrcdl@m 

- --:- :T1"'-.-., ,,~ 
. " . 

. . 

. . 

. . . ~ 

. ~ . ~ '. ' .. ",,~'II" "" '. I' . . . .", • 
• • .: " ". - .... ': " , '0 ,: • • • 

. . lli J 'J,:" • I.' 
C i# • • ~ I. ~ J . ' ./.. .. I' 0' 

I 

.. 

. .... . 

- . 

. ~ )\/t, . ~ .. #.'\4. \0 I •• 
. .. ' ... 



The survivors of a nuclear war will be 
the topiC of a lecture on Wednesday, 
February 22, at 7 pm in Montezuma 
Hall . Dr. j. Williams Hollingswon:h, 
Chief of Medicine at the Veterans 
Medical Center in San Diego, will focus 
his discussion on the effects wrought by 
nuclear blast, radiation, disturbances of 
communication and dramatic climate 
changes, popularly known as "nuclear 
winter." The lecture is free. For more 
information, contact Danny Godinho at 
265-5924. 

o 
Earl Walttn College Commuter Board 

will be sponsoring the Third Annual 
Warren College Walk for Lights on 
February 28, at 8 pm. Because of the 
rise in the number of commuter 
students, a corresponding need to • 
maintain and Improve nighttime safety 
and security eXists. In the past, the 
Walk for Lights has been successful in 
promoting better lighting throughout 
various areas on campus. To RSVP, 
please call 452-6171. 

o 
"Has Religion Harmed You?" will be 

the question in a $1000 essay contest 
sponsored by the Freedom From 
Rehgion Founda tion . Essays are to be 
presented either from a historical 
perspeCtIve or from personal 
experiences and observations. Papers 
should be eight to ten double spaced 
pages and should be submitted to P.O. 
Box 750, Madison, WI 53701 by July 15. 

o 
The Rape Crisis Center, a project of 

the Center for Women 's Studies and 
Services, IS In need of counselors to 
help staff its crisis hotline. Volunteers 
will receive comprehenSive training in 
crisis Intervention, legal , medical and 
political Issues impacting victims of rape 
and battery, with a feminist perspective 
In counseling and advocacy. The 
training session IS [0 be offered on 
Wednesday evenings from 6:30 [0 9'30 
and Saturdays from 9.30 am to 3:30 pm, 
beginning March 14 through April 4. 
Interested women should preregister by 
March 5, by contaCtIng Laurie or Kim at 
233-8984 . Spanish-speaking women are 
especiaUy needed . 

1968 ... 
More than 70 professors, employees 

and students at UCSD yesterday Signed 
a statement demanding a public apology 
from two UCSD professors. The two 
professors were cnticized in the 
st&tement for sending a telegram of 
congratulations to Japanese students 
who demonstrated against the arrival in 
Tokyo of the nuclear aircraft carrier 
Enterprise. 
1969 .. . 

Violence erupted on the Berkeley 
campus yesterday in a dramatic 
escalation of the student strike that up 
until this week had proceeded relatively 
slowly. Some 60 police clubbed and 
maced students in the worst violence on 
the Berkeley campus ever. 
1970 ... 

The academic Olympus of Central 
Library will open In the fall . Amongst 
the rolling and quiet wilderness of 
UCSD campus, the looming Central 
Library is slowly nearing completion. 
Though primarily a graduate research 
library, the entire library will be 
accessible to all UCSD students. 
1971... 

"It must be a nice feeling, leaving a 

Undergraduate movie makers will be 
granted over $60,000 in cash and new 
Nissan Sentra automobiles by the Nissan 
Motor Corporation for outstanding 
achievement In the categories of live-
action/ narrated filmmaking, 
documentary, screenwri ting, 
animation/ experimental. sound 
achievement and film editing. All 
winners are flown, all expenses paid, to 
Los Angeles for five or six days of 
informal study. Students wiD also attend 
special film screenings and discuss their 
work and career goals with the board of 
judges, which Includes Steven Spielberg, 
Robert DeNiro, Ingmar Bergman and 
Orson Welles. The deadline for entries 
in the Eighth Annual FOCUS Awards 
Competition is April 20, 1984. Entry 
forms can be obtained by writing 
FOCUS, 1140 Avenue of the Americas, 
New York, NY 10036. 

o 
Distinguished English noveliSl Naomi 

Haldane Mltchlson Will serve as a 
regents lecturer on campus, beginning 
the end of this month. Mitchison has 
published over 70 books, including 
novels , flays , short stones and poetry, 
some 0 which are treatises on the 
subjects of women, politics, civilization, 
revolution and war. While on her viSit 
to die campus , which is sponsored by 
the department of Literature, Mitchrson 
will deliver two colloquia and one public 
lecture. The colloquia are scheduled for 
Monday, February 27 at 4 pm and 
Thursday, March I at 4 pm, both at the 
Third College Humanities Building, 
room 142. The pubhc lecture wiD be 
held at the International Center at 8 pm, 
Wednesday, February 29. She Will talk 
on her hfe and her work covenng a 
penod of more than 80 years. 

o 

The SchuSler Baroque Ensemble will 
perform at the Athenaeum Music and 
Arts Library, 1008 Wall Street, In La Jolla 
on February 27 . The hrst part of the 
program Will start at noon and the 
second pan at 12'30. Three La Jolla 
couples compnse the talented mUSical 
group which speCializes in music of the 
Baroque period , played on rephcas of 
the onginal baroque instruments. 

constructive mark on this place," a 
reporter suggested . Diddo Clark nods -
:ihe should know. laSt year, while ndlng 
her bicycle ( It'S phosphorescent red and 
green ), she discovered that UCSD 
needed bicycle ramps. Rather than file a 
request with the phYSical plant or pass a 
petition around, she tracked down the 
necessary permiSSIOn, got some concrete 
and built five bicycle ramps. 
1972 .. . 

The Weather Report Publishing Co-op 
is a new campus organization dedicated 
to the publicalion of Truth and justice. 
The Co-op has prOVided interviews to 
the TrilOn Times in order to funher the 
truth according to a Co-op spokesman , 
in the interest of cooperative journalism. 
1973 .. , 

What happens when a student cheats 
and is caught? Punishment, when given, 
ranges from a mild repnmand to failure 
in an entire course , at the discretion of 
the professor involved. No campUS-Wide 
rules exist The Muir College Council 
will discuss the Issue of cheating this 
coming meeting. 
1914 .. , 

Steve Carpenter recently suggested 
that along with a student ID card, the 

' .J J 1 •• U~U •• _ .... .. _ .... __ ....................... __ ... __ • __ .. . __ .. __ .. _· .. __ ·._ .. _ .. .... .. . .... ' 

"I challenge anybody here to say they are representing the interests of UCSD 
students if they vote in opposition to the expansion of the University Center 
Planning Board and Advisory Committee," said Ted Herzog, Co-op 
representative to the Student Center Board, as the opening comment to the 
speCial seB meeting held last Friday to decide on expanding student 
representation of the UCPRAC by twO members. 

After weeks of intense public debate, the five to ten minutes of SCB 
commentaries were unexpectedly sedate. The seB voted five to twO In favor of 
writing a letter of recommendation to Chancellor Atkinson supponing the 
addltton to the UCPBAC of one representative from the Student Affirmative 
Action Committee and one from Co-ops and Enterprises. 

During a more heated debate at the AS Council meeting on Wednesday, AS 
Pres\dent Craig Lee expressed concern that the SAAC and C&'E method of 
selecting their representatives to the UCPBAC was neither democratic nor 
serving t~e interests of the general student body. Lee contended that any 
changes In the UCPBAC should be deCided by the entire campus community. 

Several representatives from SAAC and C&'E agreed with the spirit of Lee's 
suggestion for a complete campUS-Wide voice in selecting not just the SMC and 
C&'E members, but all the UCPBAC members. One C&'E member asked lee if 
all this concern for the students' interests had been taken into conSideration 

Margot Gordon, UCPBAC commuter student representative. 

when the original ten-member board was formed. 
Margot Gordon was selected to represent commuter students. "I was 

Informed I had been chosen as a member of the board bymy college dean. Each 
person on the board was picked quietly without any student input," said 
Gordon. "I was not Informed on the background or intent of the whole 
committee. I was led to believe it would be a one hour a week commitment." 

"I am worried that if there is not more student input the committee wiD form 
Itself," Gordon continued . "My concern is this whole process is being rushed , 
not because of any deception for control by the administration, but because of a 
desire to get things done quickly." 

"It is taking me ten hours a week JUSt to keep up with what is happening," 
remarked Gordon on the intensifying workload of committee members. "Major 
deCISions are approaching and some of us are still trying to understand the 
system . When ten people are making decisions for 10,000, there is little chance 
for accurate representation ," concluded Gordon. 

The main concern of the twO new student UCPBAC members, Craig Frazier 
ofSMC and Adrian Esztergar of Co-ops and El')terprises, is more student input 
and representatIOn . After the seB vote, Esztergar said, "It's about time that 
students start to take more control and responsibility towards our present and 
future needs and lite here at UCSD." 

registrar should issue to students a 
special student car sticker that could be 
placed in the lower right corner of the 
student's windshield. This would 
Indicate to prospective hitchhikers that 
they were accepting a ride from a fellow 
student. 
1975 ... 

The Student Advocacy Center had 
combined forces with members of the 
now-defunct Student Committee for the 
Evaluation of the Revelle Requirements 
to draft a set of proposals to replace the 
"renaissance man" program of UCSD's 
oldest college. 
1976 ... 

Chancellor McElroy has responded to 
a letter from the SBPC which had asked 
for specific information concering the 
events of UC President Saxon's visit to 
UCSD, which was interrupted by 
students protesting against the CIA 
involvement with Uc. 
1977 ... 

And so we have another Awareness 
Week at UCSD. What is it this time, 
sexual , political, radical or educational? 
Actually it seems a little bit of everything 
is being planned for the upcoming 
Disabled Persons Week. According to 

1979 ... 
UC President David Saxon 

announced Friday in Los Angeles that 
he was appOinting a committee to 
investigate charges that UC Agricultural 
Extension Service discriminated against 
minorities. 
Disabled Student Services the purpose 01 
the awareness week is "to allow the 
univerSity population to discover the 
social, academiC and personal problems 
a disabled person experiences evety 
day." 
1978 ... 

A group of about 40 persons gathered 
outside the Tnton TlnIes office yesterday 
to protest both the newspaper's printing 
of a CIA recruitment ad and the fact 
that the agency is again openly 
recruiting students at UCSD. 

1981... 
In a geSture of solidarity, the US 

President supported UCSD's third bi-
annual Nothing Happened This Week 
by doing nothing for one whole week. 
The Wall Street Price Index soared and 
the fear of nuclear war sighed for one 
brief moment. 

- Christopher CanoIe 
.II ,, '-Il,.lIIIUIl .... .............. . . ..~.aIlH........ .... ..iIIII' •• dU...-; .......... , ....... .... 

February 21, 198i 3 
NEWS 

• •• , • • '. .: ~. ,.,' ~"' '"'. ~ ~ "?,'.' ••• '.rN '. 

Mandell faces questions 
for publicized prize 

funcnon and enzyme studies. The main 
thruSt of his effon:s, however, dates from 
1979 and involves the development of a 
mathematical language that will allow 
researchers to map out and 
comprehensively examine complex 
systems such as the brain. 

"I've been studying the brain since I 
was 16," Mandell is quoted as saying in 
a prepared staiement released in lieu of 
personal interviews. "I've studied 
enzymes, neurochemistry , psychology, 
animal behavior and many other fields 
that all have their own language, their 
own set of data, and which are all 
concerned with the brain. These [fieldsl 
are not unrelated, yet there seemed no 
way to understand how all of these 
highly complex systems are related . 

By THOMAS RANKIN 
Dr. Arnold Mandell was 34 years old 

when he founded the Department of 
Psychiatry at the UCSD School of 
Medicine in 1969, thereby becoming the 
youngest professor and chairman of 
psychiatry in the country. The enSuing 
years have been anything but peaceful, 
however, as Mandell has careened from 
accusation to vindication, both 
profeSSIOnally and legally. 

Mandell has now become the second 
UCSD professor in as many years to be 
named a Fellow of the Chicago-based 
MacAnhur Foundation, an award which 
carries with it a five-year, $240,000 
research grant. The MacAIthur grants are 
highly unusual in that there are no 
restrictions placed on how t,he 
recipients may spend them . 

For the 49-year-old Mandell, the 
brouhaha arising from laSl Tuesday's 
announcement is anything but welcome; 
he has, in fact, refused to grant 
interviews to the media, and did not 
answer telephone inquiries from the 
Guardian. His reticence is apparently the 
result of past experience with the 
probings of reporters. More specifically, 

It is a response to a controversy that 
arose in 1977. 

At that time, Mandell was placed on 
five years' probation (which essentiaUy 
prohibited him from prescribing drugs 
to his patients) by the Board of Medical 
Quality Assurance for "overprescribing" 
amphetamines to members of the San 
Diego Chargers when he was that team's 
staff psychiatrist. He was vindicated in 
1980 when a Superior Coun judge 
overturned the decision and ruled that 
the Board had abrogated his rights and 
charged and conVicted him with 
insubstantial evidence as Mandell put 
it at the time , the ruling "unmuddied" 
his name in terms of his scientific 
career. 

Mandell , who earned his BA at 
Stanford, graduated magna cum laude at 
the age of 20. Since then he has become 
what co-workers describe as an 
intellectual explorer of the highest order. 
At times, when many of his peers feel 
that the direction of some new research 
will send him toppling off the edge of 
the psychiatric world, Mandell continues 
to astound them by making a successful 

Holocaust witnesses 
give lecture tonight 
By LISA LAPIN 

San Diegans Helen Waterford and 
Alfons Heck will speak on the dangers 
of Nazism and why "we must never 
forget the horrors of the holocaust," at a 
special lecture tonight entitled "Hitlerism 
and the Holocaust" 

Waterford, who fled Germany in the 
1930s, and who worked for the 
resistance in Holland, is a Jewish 
survivor of the Auschwitz concentration 
camp. She an:iculates her daily 
experience during those years because 
of her strong commitment to the dead, 
to the millions of Jews who died "solely 
because they were Jewish ." 

Heck, at the age of 17, trained as a 
Luftwaffe pilot and was a Hitler Youth 
leader in the final years of the war. He 
also met Alben Speer and Adolf Hitler. 
He articulates his daily experiences as a 
former Hider Youth leader in World 
War 11 , because it is his chance to "set 
the record straight for the young of 
Germany, who were turned into 

mindless fanatics and died for an evil 
cause." 

At UCSD last March, their lecture was 
a huge success, and though the 
presentation lasted for three hours, it 
kept the large audience intrigued and 
enten:ained. A lengthy question and 
answer period provided provocative 
information and gave all present a 
chance to clarify the Holocaust issues. 

Tonight'S lecture will take place 
tonight at 7 pm in Peterson Ha~, room 
108. 

Waterford and Heck, who have 
lectured together and individually 
throughout the US and Europe, are 
being brought to UCSD through the 
combined eflOns of Third College's Big 
Brother/ Big Sister Program, Residence 
Hall Council, the College Programs 
Board, Affirmative Action Retention 
Committee and the Third College 
Council. This matter-of .. fact, eyewitness 
accounting of history is free and open 
to the public. 

SOFT (ONTAO LENSES 
in 
most cases 

INCLUDES: 
Contact lenses, examination, 
patient training, follow up, 
chemical care kit and fitting. 
EXTENDED WEAR LENSES 
ONLY $I6S.oo 

THE CLASSiCAl EYE 
DR. ROBERT HELLER OP'I'ON~:lSTI 

La Jolla Villag~ Squar~ 
(Inside the Mall; Low~r Level) 

8657 Villa La Jolla Driv~ • Suit~ 136 
451-7374 

Hydrocurve extencXd wear knses oveilabl~ . 

circumnavigation, appearing on a new, 
previously un imagined honzon . Other 
labs, dredging through his wake years 
later, pore over the flotsam and jetsam 
and produce findrngs that almost 
universally suppOrt his intuitive 
wanderings. 

Mandell's current work includes 
research IntO polypeptides and pituitary 
cell dynamiCS, peptides and neurological please rum ro page 9 

UCSD Registration Up- 100% 

UCSD's CalPIRG 
sets state example 
By JOAN CLAYBURGH 

Sixteen hundred students 
represenung 40 states attended a 
nationwide Student Voter Registration 
Conference organized by Public Interest 
Research Groups (PIRGs) at Harvard 
Law School on February 10-12, 
constiruting the largest gathering of 
students on an issue since the Vietnam 
War. 

The goal of those who attendeu was 
to learn effective means or Increasing 
natlonwlue voter partiCipatiOn. Kiln 
Paulus, a UCSD student and state 
ch.lirperson of CaIPIRG, who attended 
the wn!crent:e said, ·The goal of those 
at the conlerence is to initiate a 
nationwide coordinated voter 
registr.llion campaign In order to 
incre,ISC citizen pan:lcipatlon rn the 
democratic process. In partlwlar, 
students have realized that in order III 
have an impact on the issues they are 
concerned with they need to be 
reeognrzeJ as a voting constituency. The 
conference 15 a sign that students arc 
tired of being billed as apathetic and are 
taking steps to change the label." 

The conrerence agenda induded 
workshops on how to conduct voter 
registration campaigns on campus and 
in the community, as well as speakers in 
a vanety 01 areas. Speakers at the 
conlcrence included: presidential 
candidate Jesse Jackson; President of 

Wom~n-USA Uella Abzug; President of 
the Nationlll Black Le.luership Forum, 
Reverend Joseph Lowery; and consumer 
mlvocate Ralph Nader. 

Twenty to twenty-five students from 

Califorma attended the conference and 
took steps in initiating California'S voter 
registration campaign. Groups presently 
involved include the UC Lobby, 
CalPIRG, the Cal State Student 
Association, LA Collegiate Council , 
Community College council , League of 
Women Voters, and the Voter 
Registration Project. Regional Voter 
Participation Conferences have been set 
up for the weekend of April 7 and 8, 
and the goal is to have 75 California 
campuses attend the conference . 

This P.lst lall, UCSD's CalPIRG raised 
student voter registr.ltion at UCSD 100% 
in their drrve and due to this 
experience will take an active role in 
te,lChing other eampuscs. Presently the 
registration campaign entails sctting up 
voter task rorces on area campuses 
locusing on registration for the June 
prrmarres. In the summer, the focus will 
be on community rcgistratin in 47 
popubtion centers nationwide induding 
nine population centers in California. In 
the [all , a goal is set of having 
registration projects on every campus, 
voter education projects throughout the 
State and a large "Get Out the Vote" 
campaign. 

Presently, CalPIRG and the AS are 
working to build a task force at UCSD. 
Already they have set up meetings with 
Mesa College and USD. Students are 
taking the initiative nationwide, and in 
California, UCSD is playing a lead role. 
The Campus Campaign ror Voter 
Participation will be a movement to look 
lor in the coming year. 



.. February 21, 1984 
OP\~I()I'\ 

. ._. -.. ~ .... '" . . ...' .. . . _ ' . 'x ~ _ '". ... . . . :-; ... : '. . ... 

CornmentaJ:Y-

More than just 
a place to study 
By DAVID WOLF 

You have a physics midterm tomorrow, and your roommate wams 
to watch HIli Streel Blue:;. So where do you go 10 get some stud yi ng 
done? You head lor the library. 

As you walk tn the door, you pass MELVYL, the on-line card 
catalog, the reference desk and the periodicals as you head lor a 
table. where you jOtn other exam-burdened studems tn that all-night 
vigil known as cramming. Your peripheral VISIOn fades , and your 
textbook slowly consumes you. 

You may pull an A tomorrow. But lor the umpteenth time stnce 
frosh orientation you have overloJl<ed the library. Yeah , sure , you 
know everything there IS to know about Iibranes. You know how to 
check out books and fll1d the dnnking fo untatn. And if you are really 
dever, you have even discovered the government documents section 
at Ce ntral. But if you slept through the introduction to the library, 
here's your second chance. 

The first step IS to go to the library and pick up one of those 
newspaper-Itke things that says UCSD LII>ra"e:; 198J-8~ O"enlaliun 
Issue. Don't worry that people think you're a Ireshman. If it bothers 
you, Just snort haughtily while reading It . Take d Itttle time and 
browse around . Then go over and take another look at MELVYL. 

MELVYL IS a computerized card catalog with pantal book listings 
for all 01 the UC Iibranes. The catalog wiD eventually include a 
complete listll1g of all UC Itbmry holdll1gs. USll1g MELVYL can CUt 
down on the lime It takes to lind a book, and It Will also tell you at 
which Itbrary the book Will be lound. Now you're thinktng, "What do 
I do if MELVYL !1nds the book I need and It's up tn Berkeley?" 
'Imple, ask the libmnan at the rderence desk (second /loor) lor an 
Imer-Llbmry Loan form . Fill It out and 111 .mywhere from three dJ)'S 
to J couple of weeks, )'OU will be nutlfled th.1[ thc book IS waiting lor 
you. It IS IIUI Fedeml Express, but it I> chcJper than Ilying 10 Berkeley 
when you need a book lor a term paper. There IS u~udlly nu charge 
lor thiS service. 

II you can't ftnd what you need , don 't give up. Go to the re lcrenu! 
desk Jnd us//. Don't worry about Jdmlttlng thJt you are not the 
absolute master 01 the libr.lf)' system. It IS not degmding tu ask a 

qw:stlun. USll1g the library's services like the reference desk IS the 
key to gelling the most out of the library. BeSides, just watch the 
reference desk at any of the libmrics on campus lor a couple 01 
hours , and it is almost guaranteed that you will see a professor or TA 
asktng questions. 

Research aSS istance IS also available Irom the relerence staff at 
Central. Each librarian has several areas 01 expertise and is available 
lor tndividua l consultation . 

If you need a bibliography, the Computer Assisted Reference 
Service can produce a detailed bibliography in your specific search. 

'uppose, on the other hand, your midterms are over and you are 
quickly approachll1g burnout. You need a paperback to reheve your 
Idct-sodden mind . Whether you like claSSIC novels or supo::,market-
checkout-cuunter romances, they arc .1 11 there at Cluster and Centml. 

Now, you h.lVe finished your reseJrch , tngested some liter.1ture, 
and you need ,I change 01 scenery. There is a van shuttle available to 
the UCLA hbmry lrom Ce ntr.1I , in case you need to usc, say, the 

En~ineenng hbr.1ry there . If you plan to tJke the van, call a day 
before you want to go. 

If during the ride back from UCLA, you deCide to plan a trip LO 
Europe thiS summer, you'll want to check out Centml Library's sixth 
floor There you can plan your IlIncrary with the help of roughly 
189,000 maps. The maps cover San Diego, California , the US and the 
world . 

To Icarn more abour the pulltlcs and laws regardtng tourists tn 
)'our destlllJlIon COUntry, WJlk over to the government documents 
section and ask the nice person at the desk for the infonmation you 
want. He'll do the searching. 

And then! IS much more. Course books lor man)' undergrad 
classes, J musIC collection that tndudes recordings and scores and a 
rare books collection ;Jre all there. And there are over one million 
books. But you alre.ld), knew (/1dt , did n't you? 

ow lhat you're better acquainted with the services available at 
Central, dun't make the mistake of uSll1g thiS resource ;JS JUSt lour 
1I';Jlls. a rool and J place to study. 

ll~fctt<err~n<efctt~rr~n<efdt~rr~nceilitcerr~llce~~cerr~nceilitcerr~ll~~~cerr~ll®~~cerr~nceilitcerr~llceilit 
~celf~lettersllcefrtt<err~llcefctt~rr~nce~~®lf~ll®~~®rr~ll®fctt<elf~n®iill®rr~n®ilit®rr~nceilitcelf~ 
rr~ll<eilit®lf~n<efdt<elf~llce~ttterr~ll®ilit®rr~ll®fdt®lf~ncett~cerr~llcefcttcelr~ll<efdt®rr~ll<eilitcerr~llce 
ll®tt~<err~lltefctt<err~n~1illcerr~ncefdt®rr~ll<e~~cerr~n<eilit®rr~ncettitcerr~ll®~ttcerr~llcellitcerrll<e~ttce 
Editor: 

We're very happy with the 
arncle you printed about our 
organization, and we have 
al ready recetved several inquiries 
as a direct result. However. you 
made one major error which 
requtres a published correction. 
You mentioned that the average 
cost of an Internship tn the San 
Diego area exceeds $1500 and is 
beyond the means of many 
students. In lacl, the only cost 
lor an Internship 111 the S.\I1 
Diego area is measured in time. 
Many students do an Internshi p 
while attending classes and 
holding down a Job, as I do. 
However, the average COSt of an 
internship 111 Washtngton , DC. 
including transportation and 
livtng expenses, does exceed 
$1500, but IS well worth the 
sacnfiee 

In Jddtllon. our onlce wa~ 
lounded 111 1979, nOL 1970: and 
although we h.we yet to receive 
any tax-deduclIble contnbulluns , 
we do welcome them 

Thank you for your atlenllon 
to thb mJue r. We do hope Lhal 
you publish a correction, sll1ce 
such an error may dlscoumge 
students from pamclpatlng In 
our progr.1m. 

Editor: 

Lisa Sarasohn 
Executive Director 

I must sa)' I lound G.S Pentz's 
commentary, "Dmlt Disputc. A 
Legal Question" III lhe February 
9 Guardian qUite Jmuslng, illS 
contention that "here 111 
Califorma ... the chances 01 

prosecullon 1 for fai hng to register 
for the draft ] are in fact quite 
good ," IS Simply ludicrous. The 
government's prosecutlon policy, 
though it can claim several 
minor victories, has affected very 
few individuals - for example, 
in Cali lornta , where according to 
Peritz a non-registrant's chance 
of betng prosecuted is good, only 
two out of an estimated 116,000 
non-registrants have been 
indicted. (For those interested 
that's an infinitesimal .000017 
perce nt of all those who have 
not registered .) 

The govemment's passive 
prosecution policy, investigating 
only those who have turned 
themselves in, has failed 
miserably. Hundreds, who like 
myself, turned themselves tn for 
failure to register, have had to be 
ignored for lack of time, muney 
and support for the government's 
prosecution policy. (I refused to 
register almost lour years ago, 
and have se nt the government 
every piece of tnlormation they 
need to prosecute me , and they 
have laded so tar to seek. let 
alone receive an indictment 
agai nst me.) And as lor those 
who remain qUietly unregistered , 
the chances 01 prosecution .Ire 
even sitmmer - so lar only ont! 
01 the 16 Indicted non-

rt!gl~tmnts was discovered 
lhrough th t: government's "JCtlVC" 
enlorcement program. 

It appeJrs. tht!n , .1I1d I believe 
the government's own numbers 
speak for themselves. th.1t 
although many non-registranb 
will receive one or more 01 the 
hundreds of thousands ul 

wa rning letters the government 
sends out, the govemment's 
prosecution policy consists 
mostly of bluff. After all , if the 
Selective Service and Justice 
Depanments were really serious 
about prosecuting non-
registrants, why have they been 
unable to indict even those few 
hundred who turned themselves 
in? No confidence in their own 
policies, maybe. 

Michael I. Marsh 

Editor: 
I have been following the saga 

01 the film Assignmenl: Life since 
before it was even screened. 1 
was present at the showing, I am 
a member of Campus Crusade 
For Ch rist, and I suppon Mike 
Ebert in his effort to present this 
campus with an alternative 
viewpoi nt to a major issue. I 
have read a number of lellers 
and ed itOnals that have been 
publtshed in both the Guardian 
and the new IIldlCCllur, and I 
th tnk that In general, people are 
missing the point of the issue. 

As an example , In Kristin 
Donnan 's artide in the February 
9 issue 01 Ihe Guallllwl , she 
stated . "Mike Ebt!rt ... was 
satlslied with its Ithe lilm's] 
main message that abortion is 
murder." rhat IS exactly whal I 
thmk the I' tim pOinted OUI. 
However, in the remainder 01 
her JrtlLic Donn.1I1 e~senttally 
Ignored thar statement, Instedd 
locuslng on the secondJry tOpiC 
01 the changtng techntques 01 
abortion. If a per on is the 
vICtim 01 murder, dues II matter 

whether the assailant used a 
knife or a gun? The significance 
is, someone who was once alive 
is now dead, regardless of how 
sophisticated the method. 
Likewise, smaller tubes and less 
dilation of the cervix do not 
minimize the fact that a fetus is 
being destroyed when an 
abortion is performed. That 
poi nt. I believe, was the objective 
of the film . 

The viewpoint presented in 
the ftIm was definitely not 
neutral. however the privilege of 
forming and voicing an opinion 
is a consOlutional right that sets 
our country apan from many 
others. As a Christian student on 
this campus, I believe in the 
imponance of sharing my beliefs 
with those around me, as I know 
many others do as well. It is not 
my tntent, or even within my 
capability, to force anyone to 
accept my opinion , and It is 
certainly the right of anyone 1 
talk with to disagree With me . 
However, their disagreement 
does not lessen my right to 
ex press my viewpoint. Granted , 
the purpose of the event in 
question was misconstrued , but 
eve n so, thiS IS supposed to be 
an i nsltlUllon promotl ng 
II1telligent consideralion 01 idcJs, 
Jnd I challenge people , 
PJrtlcularly those so ad.lmam 
ag,ltnst even the mention of the 
name Jesus Chnst. tll investigJte 
thc c1allns of the Bible bcfore 
they reJch a deCISion to reject or 
to .Ic~ept JeSus Chris!. They mil)' 
be 'iurprised - I wa~ . 

Karen Cooperstein 

1111 
Editor 

Tim August 
Managing Editor 

Phil Lauder 
Copy Editor 

Joe Desiderio 
Opinion Editor 
Grace Nielsen 

Contribuling Opinion Editor 
David Wolf 
News Editor 
Lisa Lapin 

Contrihuling News Editors 
Christopher Canole 
Steven R. Friedman 

Phil Willon 
Am Editor 

Andrew Keeler 
Associa~ Arts Editor 

John Nee 
Spons Editor 
Jeff Savage 

Photo Editor 
Rich Pecjak 

General Manager 
Chris Milke 

Associate General MlIl8Iers 
Linda Lewis 

Valerie McMullin 
Photographers 

Richard Caterina 
Rob Friedenthal 
Mark Johnson 
David Newell 
lllu5tratol'S 

John Ashlee 
Steve Kloepfer 

Typesetters 
Joe Desiderio 
Anggie Lapid 
Phil Lauder 

Andy Laurence 
Production 

Hana Abrams 
Paul farwell 
Lizz Fuller 
Kelley Neal 

Karla Spencer 

Stall W riten 
LlI1ce Bernard , Ethan Feerst, 
Sergio Klier, Michael Panos. 

Dena Rosen . 
The UCSD Guardian is 

published Mondays and 
ThursdJYs during the academic 
year by students at UCSD. Views 
expressed in the Guardian do not 
represent the views of the 
Regents of the University of 
California or the Associated 
Students of UCSD. All In-
initialled editorials represent the 
views of the entire editorial 
board of the Guardum; inttialled 
editorials represent minoriry 
opinions of the editorial board. 
Reproduction , publication , or any 
use wilhout permission of Jny 
portion of this newspaper 
without prior notil1cation is 
strictly prohibited . 

The Guarcli£1/I welcomes signed 
lettcrs and comment.lry as 
outlined in the Opintun section: 
however. we .Ire not responsible 
lor unsolicited m.lI1uscri pts or 
.Irt 

Ou r ollL ce I ~ loc.lled southe.lst 
01 the Revelle Pmvost Offi ce next 
door to th e he e lk on the 
UCSD .;.lInpus. Thl' Buslllcss 
Olltce IS open lrom 9.1111 III 
noon .lIld I pill to 5 pill Mond.l), 
thrtlugh Frid.I)'. 

~ubslrlptlons .Ire a\'.lri.lblc .md 
\\,111 be IllJiled first CI.1SS Illr $15 
per qu.tner 

The UCSD Guardian 
UCSD, 8-016 

La Jolla . California 92093 
_Jtil81."52-3"~_ .. 

February 21, 198. " 
, OP\'-.;\O' 

Portrait· of 
a teenage addict 
By PHIL LAUDER 

I was in 11th grade when I first got 
turned on to it. By that age most of my 
friends had tried it. I heard the 
whispers in the corridors. A few red-
eyed junkies even came right up to me 
and encouraged me to try it. 

So I did. I got away With it, 100, so I 
tried tt a few more times while still in 
high school. But 1 was careful not to get 
nailed , and reminded mysellthat the 
last thing I needed to do was to get in 
trouble just before graduating. Bright 
boy. 

Then came college: a little more 
freedom , a little more responsibility. At 
first I did it only occasionally -
moderation was the key, I was in 
control. 1 knew I could take it or leave 
it. 

And then I got a job, and gradually I 
started falling more and more behind. I 
had to tum to it a few more times. But 
it was OK. I knew I could take it or 
leave it. 

Then the Job got more time 
consuming, and the classes got harder. 
Life's pressures started beating me to a 
pulp. Suddenly my casuat habit became 
a necessiry. I couldn't make It Without It. 
I kept saying I could take it or leave it, 
but the fact was, 1 was already a 
hopeless case. 

I was a lull-Hedged addict . I was a 
cramaholic. 

You've hearq the pitiful Story of the 
crammer before , Perhaps you're a closet 
crammer yourself. It 's JUSt so hard to 
keep up in school. You know you're 
supposed to read those three 5OO-page 
poli. sci. anthologies in the first six 
weeks of the quarter, and you know 
damn well you're going to be tested on 
the material in the seventh week. You 
also know more-than-damn weD that 
you can't afford to anend school on the 
nine-year plan. You know aD this. 

But still things come up. I mean six 
weeks - what's that, a book every twO 
weeks? No problem. In the meantime, 

those other classes surely deserve some 
attention. So does your Job; you have to 
support yourself. Besides, how often do 
the OlympiCS come around? 

And then you look at your calendar 
for the quaner. Midterm? Poli. sci. 
midterm? Tuesday? Oh yeah, thut 
midterm. But you had six weeks 10 
prepare for that one. What went wrong? 
"Covers first three texts." Three times 
500 - that's 1500 pages. 

So you do it. You' cram. 
One aU-nighter, two all-nighter, three 

all-nighter, four. You, Mr. Coffee and 
Mrs. Olsen get to know each other on 
an intimate basis. Where are those Cliff 
Notes when you need them1 

As your cram session begins, you take 
every shortcut )'ou can in this. your 
hour of need . Take the fi rst book, 
Pallem of Imperiali sm in 19th Century 
Indochina. Catchy title. First chapter 75 
pages. Must be intoductory - skip it. 
AU of a sudde'l you're on page 76 -
good job! Time for a break. 

Sure, you get through it all. You 
always do. You stumble into your class 
for your essay and regurgitate as many 
multi-syllabic adjectival expressions as 
you can dredge out of what's left of your 
brain to describe 19th century 
Indochina. "In thiS paper I Will discuss 
the socio-political ramifications of the 
French influx on the region of concern 
while presenting perspicacious 
perceptiOns on the derived effects - be 
they detrimental or beneficial - later 
experienced by post-World War II 
progressively pseudO-industrial societal 
members." Yeah, you crammed all right. 

You've completed the cram ... and 
survived to teU about it once again . 
Perhaps that's the worst part. As your 
feet instinctively seek out the nearest 
spot on which to become horizontal , 
you feel somehow satisfied . 

Of course, having worked so hard at 
your cram, you're not about to touch 
another pol~. sci. book for at least four 

WHAT'S THE 
DIFFERENC~I· 
The difference: A wdtte'n 

Cltarantee. We haw sWdent 
d!sc~nts, a~ ewni"l hOurS, 

. just like many other shops, But, 
unlike others, we bick up all our 

work in writing. If, after we've cut, 
permed, or colored your hair, you're . 
not completely ~, call us within 

seven days. We'll ,.do your hair at no 
extra charge. That's a bia difference, 

9AM 10 9PM Mon, • Tues. • Wed . • Thu~, 
9AM 10 7PM Fri . • gAM 10 6PM sat. 

La Jolla Villase Convenience Center 
Next to IQ/phs and Sav-On 

457-3334' 

weeks. Not until you nex t look at your 
calendar. "Final? Poli. sci. final? Tuesday? 
Covers texts lour through seven?" And 
the viCIOUS cycle continues. 

• • • 

Cramming breeds cramming. The 
casual crammer becomes the 
co nsummate criminal in a maller of 
weeks. Yet nothing IS done to stem this 
tide of aCddemlC suicide. In our 
advanced, compassionate society. 
cocaine abusers and street-sleezy alkies 
find at their disposal crisis hot-lines (1-
BOO-COCAINE) and organizations such 
as Alcoholics Anonymous. _What do 
crammers have? Nothing. Nothing, I tell 
you. 

As a hard-core crammer myself, I 
implore fellow crammers to come out of 
the closet. Leave your coffee-makers and 
highlighter pens behind, and let's band 
together. No one is going to help us but 
ourselves. Only we know the pain and 
the loneltness of studying boring 
material at four in the morning -
material aSSigned weeks tn advance 
which we somehow JUSt didn 't get 
around to dealing with. 

But the first step towards recovery is 
recognizing the problem for what it is 
- a disease. First 'fie must recognize 
that we are Victims, and then we can 
start on the road to recovery, 

Stand up . Look in the mirror. Repeat 
after me: "I am a cramaholic." 

You're on the way. 

II ~ilit<errSn <eilit<err sll <eilit<err~n <efctt<err~ll <eilitcerr ~n <ettit<err ~ 
tt~rr~lettersll<eilitcerr~ll<efdt<err~ll<eilit<err~ll<e~ttcerr~llce' 
rrsllceilit<elr ~ll <eilitcerr ~ll <etttt<err ~ll ceiill<err ~ll cefdt<err~ll <efcttQ 
II ~ilit<err ~n <ellit<elr ~n <ellit<err ~n ®fcttcerr~ II <eilit<err ~n ceilit<err, 
Editor: 

I'm hungry! I've been sLUdylllg III HL 
and I just spent my "'st three dollJrs on 
lunch .It the dell. I only have a dollar 
left lor dinner. I hate havlllg to call my 
parents ag.lin to ask lor money, but I 
have to dnve 10 and from school. 

I'm hungry! I Just spefl( our 1.lst lorty 
cents taktng my younger sISter to the 
clink which is ten IIlties .Iway. If o~lly 
my !amily had a dollar for lood tod.IY· 

Al though these sce narios may seem a 
Imi..: farletched, they depict cveryd"y 
~i tuallon on our c,lmpus and in our 
wurld America has III the last 40 ),ears 
pl.lced J prtOrtty upun ICed mg and 
dothtng Itself at the expense 01 Icedtng 
and dOthll1g many 01 the poorer 
nations. Take lor example the lact that 
Ho nduran banJna growers earned less 
th.\I1 J0 doll,lrs a year in 1975 due to 
the American company's unwillingness 
to pay the expon tax requested by the 
Honduran government. rhls resulted 111 
lower bdlldnd prtces lur Amertcan 
consumers. This is nOt to say that 
AmertcJ should JOIn these countries 111 
starvatt"n, but rather, that we AmerieJns 
have the oppurtunllY to distribute some 
of our wealth to our less lortunate 
neighbors. 

The gift 01 fimmcial aid to either 
government organizalluns such as 
UNICEF or one of over 700 private 
voluntary organtzations is a relatively 
simple and painless way to help solve 
the problem. A more precious means of 
asslstilnce, esecidUy as a student, is to 
give time. Time G\I1 be spent baggll1g 
100d to be distributed to the 
undernourished in the orphanages and 
jails 01 Tijuana or cutling vegetables in 

me Catholic Worker soup kitchen on 
Los Angeles' skid row. Both of these 
suggestions nO! only help one to 
become more aware of the present 
si tuation but also allow one to play an 
actl\'e role 111 hclpll1g others less 
lortunatl! than themselves. 

One 01 the most dt/Tlcult responses to 
the world hunger Situation is to change 
our buytng habits. We as Amencan 
consUiners have a responsiblltty to 
educate ourselves of tnternational 

con~equences of our purchases. One 
cXdmple is Juan Diaz, an EI Sa lvadurean 
cotlce bean pICker. HIS Income lor 
picking conce beans IS as much as 

1.24 and as little as .56 a day. The 
reason for hiS low wages IS not due to 
hb indbilty to work hurd, rather, it IS so 
that we may havc cheaper colfee prices. 
In 1971 the US lJepartment of 
Commerce reported th.1I "the rate of 
return on IIlve 'tmems in less developed 
countncs was II percent, roughly twice 
the yield on I nvestments III the 
developed are.ls." This statement alone 
proVides an answer to why thousands of 
people die every day. We must not let 
Ignurance Jnd dpathy allow the needless 
de.Hhs 01 ove r 15 million people per 
year. 

If you w'luld like to further research 
the hunger issuc, Inter-Varsity Chnsti,\I1 
FeUowhip is presenting a Christtan-
produced multimedia show in March. It 
is called Halxl /l/lUh and it deals in part 
with America's mvolvement with the 
hunger problem. There arc also over 50 
books available at Cluster Library on the 
Issue. 

Jim Feeley 
Deborah E. Bell 

ontiki's Europe 
Fun and excitement for the 18-35' s. 

Thinking of going to 
Europe? 

From $39200 
(Land Only) 

Discover the (t=-INTIKI) way of 
seeing more and doing more. 

February 23 at 7:30 pm in the Student Center 
Mulfl-Purpose Room (above the game room). 

Please R.S.V.P. to Laurie at 
452-1981 

by Wednesday, February 22. 
Film will be shown and Refreshments Served. 
,,---l1'©rn~~)f ~~~ TRAVEL---, 

3211 HOLIDAY COURT, SUITE 105 • LA JOLLA, CA 92037 • ~1V) ~-,., 



ll®frfr®rr~ll®frfr®rr~ll®frfr®rr~ll®frfr®rr~ll®frfr®rr,~n'® 
fr®rr~lettersll®frfr®rr~n®frfr®rr~n®frfr~rr~~®frtt® 
rr~n®frfr®rr~~®frfr®rr~n®frfr®rr~ll®ttfr®rr~n®ttfr®Ir 
Editor. 

While avoiding studying last night, 
some friends and I were listening to this 
song. I think aU of us were affected by 
the issues that it deals with. Since these 
issues fa e many college students today, 
I thought the lyrics were worth passing 
on. 

When one more year rolls around, I'll 
put on my cap and gown. I'll walk down 
the aisle, my parents will smile. I'll pick 
up my piece of paper. 
I remember my well thought out 
sc hemes, as idealistic dreams. Did I go 
to class, JUSt so I could pass? Just to lose 
it all grabbang for paper 
But u's alright. If you doubt I'm young 
and bnght, You can see my fina 
credentials written down an black and 
white. Yes, )[ 'S alright. I've found to my 
delight , I ca n buy a house dnd car With 
my bac helor of arts. 
When one more year rolls around , I'll 
probably settle down I' ll work nine to 
five , Come home to my Wife . And read 
most o f last night'S paper. 
We'll dance where the diSCOS Jrc loud . 
Get lost in thl' nouveau riche crowd . 

YOU 

We'll squander and spend. We'll smale 
and pretend , That our ompromise Isn't 
for paper. 
And It'S alright, It's been a greJt fight. 
I've run through aU the races, and I've 
gone through all my paces. Yes, it's 
alright , no need to bc uptight , Therc 's . 
good wane an my glass-Who could doubl 
that I've gOt class? 
Whcn one more year rolls around , we'll 
feel safer and sound. If I've bent a few 
laws, it's been for a good cause, And nl 
stop and thank about it l,ner. 

-

Life is better than I ever wished. Yet, it 
seems that there's something I've 
mI ssed. Is this how it leels, to trade your 
ideals For a dusty old pile of papers? 
But I('S alnght, bUI ma)1Je not quite. But 
I'm spending my years spending. It'll be 
d happy cndlng. Yes, it's alnght. For 
though It'S hard to sleep at night, I've 
grabbed what I planned lor, and sold 
what I stand fo r .. 
:,ong: "Waste Paper." Used by 
permiSSion from Twenty-one Hundred 
Productions, MadIson, WI . 

Andrew Erickson 

Your background 

The Guardian Invites our readers to make use of the opinion secllon as an open 
(orum to present and exc hange their views on any subject. Letters and anicles may be 
sent to the Opinion Editor at the GuardIan, B-OL6, UCSD, La Jolla, CA 92093 or 
brought to our offices adjacent to the Che Cafe. 
Commentary pieces may be submitted by any concerned individual. Pieces should be 
typed double-spaced on a 72-character line. Articles may be rebuttals to a Guardian 
story or letter. Whatever the subject, the writer should focus on a clear thesis. We 
reserve the right to edit for clarity :l:ld style, but all major changes will be cleared with 
lhe author prior 10 publication whenever pOSSible. 
Letters to the editor should be typed as above . Letters are generally written in regard 10 
anicles or other letters printed in the Guardian. However, any letter of general intrest 10 
UCSD students will be considered for publication. Letters may be edited when space 
requires, and spelling and grammatical errors may be corrected. The writer'S name 
and phone number must accompany every article and letter. 

• 

SPECIAL TO 
LONDO •• 

Sl2Oone .. * 
LAX lID Landan 

·Must pur~ tidcel by 
Fdl. 29 Valid for 6 months. 

SPECIAL 10 
AIIIIIIALIA 
............ 

Nal lonal Sludenl Trave l Bureau 
ollhe US A 

452-0&30 
Council Trav,l 

UeSD Student etr., 
8-023. La Jolla, CA 92093 

Looking to the future. And helping to shap 
Be a part of projects that go far beyond e 
defined technology. Live in a world where 
disciplines are static, few problems are sim 
and few dreams Impossible ... a world wh 

e it. 
asily 

Aeronautical/Aerospace Engineers 

you can make a difference. 

TRW 
TRW oHers a wide range of 
challenging opportunities In the 
fields listed; projects that range 
from theoretical studies to small, 
medium, and large hardware 
contracts for space, digital 
communications, software 
deve lopmenL systems engineering 
and microelectronics. 

TRW offers full support for your 
continuing education plus a work 
enVironment that IS exceptionally 
attractive to self-motivated people. 

lRW will be on-campus 
February 28 29 
See your placement office for sign 
up information and plan to start 
shaping your tomorrow. 

Equal Opportunity Employer M/F/H 
U.S. Citizenship Required 

Computer SCientIsts/Computer Engineers 
few Electrical/ElectroniC EngIneers 
pie MathematiCians 
ere Mechanical Engineers 

PhySICIstS Isolid state and Optlcsj 

Where you cln start 

Anti Submartne/Surveiliance Systems Englneermg 
• • • AVIOniCS 
• • • Command and Control Systems • • • • • CommunicatIons Satellites/Ground Stations Systems • • • • • Communications/Signal Processmg Systems 
• Data Handltn!V'Processtng Software Systems II • 
,. 

High Energy Lasers • • • • ManufactUring • • Microelectronics • • MISSile Systems Engmeerlng • • • • • • OpTIcal Communlcallons Systems • • • PropulSion Systems • • SClenllflc/Manned Spacecraft • L~· • • • Sensor Systems/Scientific Experiments • ,- • Telemetry, T racklOg and Control Systems • • • • 

,,~iii 
TRW EI.ctronics & D.f.n •• 

COPYTEX 
- COPIES 
- BINDING 
-WORD 

PROCESSING 
- LASER 

PRINTING 
FAST TURN AROUND TIME 

4166 Convoy St. 
(So. of Balboa, next to Aaron Bros) 

27 

SENIOR NURSE 
STUDENTS 

Adventure ... Challenge ... 
Professionalism! 

An exciting job with 
opportunities for world·wide 
travel. career development, 
professional growth. excellent 
benefits. BSN graduates or 
senior students are eligible. If 
you're going to be someone. 
special...Be a Navy Nurse! For 
more information call 293-
6746,8 am· 4 pm, Monday -
Wednesday. ~ ________________ ~r , 

~~'- f .... 'j ' . . 110 4" l it ... " .'llf'JU ..... i-_ ___ _ -.;·~in .... ;..., ___ _____ );.;.'~> ___ • ______ :lOl ___ ..... J ~J _ _____________ • __________________ .. 

The University .Center: 
Will it ever arrive? 
By STEVEN R, FRIEDMAN 

T he construction of a university center that would be the focal point of UCSD activity is finally becoming more than JUSt a vacant wish. 
Students, faculry and Staff are presently at work 
dreaming up their conception of the multi-million 
dollar faCIlity. Yet the working relationship between 
campus constituencies, student leaders and 
administratOrs is less than harmonious. Differing 
attitudes concerning the future funding of the project, 
the role private enterprise may play in the universiry 
center and traditional student suspicions of 
administrative control have ignited some interest 
groups 10 seek more student power within the 
planning process. 

The actual building of a student center is still some 
lime away because the plannin~ pnx;ess is still in the 
subcommittee stage. It is the deSign of the planmng 
process itself that has produced the first significant 
problem for the UniveTSlry Center 
Programming/BUIlding Advisory Committee. 

The Co-ops and Enterprises subcommittee, one of 
seven subcommittees charged with the assignment of 
descnbing in detaIl what they would desire in a 
Universiry Center (the others are the Multi-purpose 
Committee, Food Services, Recreational Services, 
General Space, Media Center and Office Space), 
complained that the full committee, which the repons 
would be submitted 10, would not adquately represent 
students. laSt week the composition of the full 
committee consisted of five students representing the 
AS, commuter students, the Student Center Board, 

Graduate Studems Council and the College Councils, 
and five faculry/ administrators. 

"How is it that five students are going lO represent 
12,000 students on this campus? And how IS it that we 
have a Committee composed of 50% students 
representing the future of a building paid by 100% 
students fees?" asked Co-ops and Enterprises 
subcommittee chair Ted Herzog. 

Herzog brought these questions to the Student 
Center Board meeting Monday night, along with a 
proposal that asked the board lO VOle In twO more 
student representatives to the full committee. "What 
SAAC [Student Affirmative Action Commmee] and 
C6rE are asking for is not that they get their own 
personal representatives on (the full committeeJ but 
rather that student representation is expanded ," staled 
Herzog before the Student Center Board. 

In an interview before the meeting, Paul Jensen, 
Student Center Board Chair, disagreed with the C6rE 
reasoning for the additional members to the full 
Advisory Committee. "The pOint is that SAAC and the 
Co-ops have representatives on the Student Center 
Board. I know the SMC representative to SCB has not 
attended the last three or four meetings," said Jensen . 
"There are checks and balances throughout the system 
all the way, and I think this is an optimal size and 
composition , given the task It must do ... I can't see the 
rationale to [his ]adding the two representatives]. To 
me it says, 'We want total control over this .' You can't 

please turn to page 8 

One uf marry optn sub-committee meetings attended by slUdenls, faculty and administration to plan the new Univtl'Slty eenler. 

I---------------------------------~I : SPAGHETTI! : 
: ALL YOU CAN EAT! : 
I $2.50 : 

Mondays: 3:00 pm til close I 
r-----------------------------, I I UCSD Special I: 
IFREE Pitcher of Beer with any large Pizza I • 
I with this ad I I 
------------------------------- I Open for Breakfast at 9:00 am 

Phone Ahead 452-0661 All Items Available To Go! 
I 
I 
I 

THE STATISTICS 
The compilation of the 2,077 student responses 

to the Universiry Center Survey provides some 
interesting insights into current student consumer 
preferences , facility utilization and activity 
panicipation. The survey also asked about the 
services and facilities that students would like to 
have In a universiry center. Below are some of the 
results of the survey. (All figures are percentages of 
respondents.) A complete copy of the survey results 
can be found at EDNA 

STUDENT ACTMlY PARTICIPATION 
Activity Frequently 

AS TGIPs 27.2 
Intramural SportS 25.8 
Professional Concerts 18.3 
Fraternities/Sororities 3.5 
Guest Poets and Writers 3.3 
FREQUENCY THAT STUDENTS USE SERVlC~, 
Service Frequently 
General Store Co-op 33.8 
Soft Reserves 29.8 
Food Co-op 22.3 
Triton Pub 22.2 
'Box Office/ Cashier 21.3 
Che Cafe Co-op 13.3 
Assorted Vinyl Co-op 10.6 
International Center 5.7 

IMPORTANCE OF 
SOCIAUCULTURAl FACILITIES 

SociaVCultu1li1 Facilities 
Very 

Important 

Multi-purpose Room 48.8 
Theater 4B.4 
Browsing Ubrary 3B.7 
Music Ustening Rooms 29.5 

IMPORTANCE OF 
GENERAL SERVICE FACILITIES 

Facility 
Very 

Important 

Campus Info. Center 55.8 
Check Cashing 54.9 
Study/ lounge Areas 42.7 
Chapel 16.1 

IMPORTANCE OF FOOD SERVICES 
Very 

Food Services Important 

Coffee House/ Shop 45.5 
Delicatessen 44.3 
Grocery items 41.1 
Bakery 33.0 
Candy/ Fudge Shop 16.4 
IMPORTANCE OF FAST FOOD RESTAURANTS 

Restaurants 

Italian/ Pizza 
Outdoor Patio/ Terrace Dining 
Soup and Salad 
Mexican 
Chinese 

Very 
Important 

49.0 
46.1 
45.0 
40.2 
36.9 

Dr. Mlchlel AddllOn 
Provost, Warren College 

Former Chairperson, Drama 
February 23 / 3:30-.:30 pm 

North & South Con~rence Room 
Building 8, Student Center 

's rninut~s from ucsD~lllalim~mli faustina Soils 

Style Italian Eatery 
3945 Gov~rnor Driw, Uniw1'$ity City, Shoppina Centn' 
Huunl9am • 9pm daily; 98m - Ilpm Friday and Saturday . 

---------------------------------

PrOYOSt, Third College and 
Protasor, Urban Studies & Planning 

and Community Medicine 
March 1 / 3:00-.:30 pm 

International Center 

Dr. Cherla Wurrcy 
Associate Professor, Chemistry Dept: 

March 8 / 3:~:30 pm 
International Center 



8 February 21, 1984 
s 

University Center QUESTIONNAIRE COMMENTS 
continued from page 7 
have special interests; this is something 
for aU interests." 

teven Stoller, a UCP BA committee 
member, representing the college 
councils, agreed with Jensen: "I 
represent the four college and I see 
nothing unfair with the process. 
tudents have ample opportunity to 

become involved at the subcommittee 
level. All work at the full committee level 
will go back to the subcommittees for 
more consideration, and in the end 
students will vote on the project," said 
Stoller. "If the Co-ops are so concerned , 
they could come to meetings for their 
input. If they came to meetings and 
\vere dissatisfied I would see them in a 
different light." 

Members of the SCB reconvened for a 
special meeting on Friday so as to aUow 
the representatives to check with their 
respective constituencies and voted ~-2 
to add the SAAC and Co-op members to 
the full committee. The manner in 
which they presented their reports to 
their constituencies may well have been 
influenced by the unexpected support of 
the addition of the twO new members 
by Tom Tucker. "With the emphasis 
that I don't think thiS is caving in to 
special interest groups, but also as an 
emphasis on people taki ng pan, people 
who care enough to Join us," said 
Tucker at the CB meeting Monday 
night. "[ would like to go on the record 
as personaUy endorsing the expansion 
of the comm ittee by the Student Cemer 
Board ." 

With these words, Tom Tucker may 
not have only helped win the case for 
the Co-ops, but he also may have built a 
small bridge that both the 
administration and students can utilize 
In tandem to get the badly-needed 
university cemer built. 

What's in it for us? 
The Student Cen ter is the community 

ccnler oj the college. For all members oj the 
college Ja mily - students, Jaculty , 
administratlO'l, alumni and guests. It is not 
Just a building. It IS also an orgamzallon 
and program. ragl·tlter tltey represent a 
well-considered plan Jar the community life 
oj the college. 

Most unions arc Jinancially scif-
sustall1l11g in that they do not ompete with 
academic departments Jar institutional 
Junds. Rather, thdr Junds arc derived Jrom 
buildll1gs, ea rn ings (ma in!>' Jood service, 
bookstore, games area, miscellaneous sales 
and rcntal oj pace) and Jrom Jees paid by 
students at the tIme oj reglstratron. Fees 
have become an important means oj 
Junding deb/ service and operation. 
According to Association of College Unions 
- International Data Bann 'nfamia/ion , 
students mo;t Jrequently paid between $50 
and $ 75 pcr year in Jees. Some unions 
lease such operations as shops and Jood 
services to private operators. - Association 
oj College Unions - International 

What would you like a UCSD 
University Center to look like? What 
facilities would you like a UniverSity 
Cente r to contain? What type of 
programs .would you like a University 
Center to Facilitate. 

[f you were among the 2.077 students 
to fill out the lengthy questionnaires last 
quaner, your answers have becn totaled 
and your comments compiled . Those 
statistics and comments are but one 
stage in a seven stage planlling process 
that hopefully will result in the building 
of a UCSD University Center. 

There is no doubt that a student 
center has been long overdue o n thiS 
campus. Dunng the Sixties when UCSD 
was in the development stages, the state 
budget under former Governor Reagan 

please r u rn to page 12 

Below are a few of the additional 
student comments to the survey which 
were chosen at random: 

"\ baSically marked everything 
because I feel we should spare no costs 
in order to build a huge multi-purpose 
student center with a variety of services. 
This campus has the worst student 
center I've ever encountered on a UC 
campus. It does not adequately meet the 
needs of UCSD students." 

·Well, Tommy, we aU know Joe 
WatSon hired you to g!:t this University 
Center of yours built. The problem is 
that we students don't really want to pay 
for your pet projects. If you want it, you 
pay for it, OK, and please try to keep 
your nose out of our currently student-

managed co-ops and collectives - we 
are learning a lot about how to manage 
and work together and we pay ourselves 
a lot less to do our books than some 
Junior administrators you can hire." 

"I think there needs to be a fast-food 
place or market open late or 24 hours 
near the campus for dorm people who 
get hungry late at night ." 

"Now let's not get carried away - we 
don't need a reson village here ." 

Make it a 'Student' Center, not a 
business center." 

"You would make a lot of money from 
me if you opened a sushi bar. 
Sometimes 1 can't make it through the 
day without that sashimi!" 

r om Tucher, who has successfully mastered other college University Centers, heads the 
UCSD planning procedures. 

Nationally Acclaimed Activist-Lecturer 

will speak on 
the status of Third World 

and oppressed people. 

Sund~,Februa~26, 1984 
Mandeville Auditorium IUCSDJ 

7:30 pm - 9:00 pm 

donation S3.00 

sponsored by the Black Students Union 
and Black Women Achievers 

Mandell Prize 
(Olltinud jrom p"gc J 

"The brain is chaotic. It is not orderly. 
but our methods of study impose order. 
We isolate cells. chemicals and 
neurotransmitters in order to 
understand the workings of the brain, 
and yet when you break something 
down into individual pans like this. you 
no longer have the original things. 

"It's my strong feeling that even 
though we are learning more and more, 
not only about the brain but about 
cancer. metabolic disease and collagen 
diseases, we need to take our knowledge 
of the details and look at them in a 
more global!comprchensivel way, or we 
will never figure out the answers." 

According to Mandell. the 
mathematical system he is developing 
can be applied not only to the brain, 

but 10 other systems as diverse as the 
study of oceanographic turbulence and 
weather. He said that he and others 
have come upon a paradox; those 
systems that seem chaotic and highly 
unstable are proving to have an 
underlying order, while those which 
appear vety orderly are in fact likely to 
be vulnerable 10 the development of 
pathology. 

Mandell was one of 22 recipients of 
grants from the MacArthur Foundation, 
the amount of each depending on their 
age. David Stuan, an 18-year-old from 
Silver Spring. Maryland , received 
SI28,OOO for his work in Mayan 
hieroglyphics, becoming the youngest 
person to win a fellowship from the 
foundation since the program began in 
1981. 

DEADLINE! 
for 

Features Editor Applicants 

NOON TODAY 
at the Guardian office. 

Under 10 minutes away! 

7140 Miramar Rd. 

JUlt prrsentthis coupon whrn 
you buy a Quarter Pounder· with 
chear sandwich and you 'lI eet 
another one free . Limit one 
coupon per CU5,om~r. ~r VISII 
Please present coupon when 
ordenng Not val,d with 
any other offer 

San Diego 

\UI\\ . hwl !.""\, ,,,,. 

Only at: 
7140 Miramar Rd. 

San Dieao 

Valid thru 
March 31, 1984'. 

More high.;.tech 
facilities possible 
By JACKIE AFFONSO 
Sacramento Corrapondent 

More high technology research 
facilities on the University of California 
campuses may be the result of 
legislation introduced by Senate Majority 
Leader John Garamendi (D-Walnut 
Grove) Tuesday. 

Senate Bill 1504 provides the 
university with a "funding mechanism" 
for the acquisition of new buildings and 
renovation of old ones for organized 
research in high technology, including 
microelectronics. biotechnology and 
computer science . 

The legislation would authorize the 
State Public Works Board to sell revenue 
bonds to the pubhc to fund construction 
of the facilities . 
. Under the revenue bond lease 
purchase mechanism , the University 
rents the new facility from the works 
board until a speCified tlme of purchase, 
Mart Lieberman, field representative for 
Garamendi , said . 

Garamendi said, at a press 
conference, that he authored the bill to 
"provide UC with the funds to remain 
competitive." 

"California cannot survive in the 
future without addressing the high tech 
concerns we have : said Garamendl. 

The UC Systemwide Lobby was not 
aware of the bill and declined to 
comment. 

The hill also stales the legislature's 
intent to secure private and federal 
funds through the state budget for 
support services to these facilities. 

This would require the legislature to 
recognize the funding needs of the UC 
system, through the budget prcxess, to 
maintain these facilities, Masako Dolan, 
Garamendi's aide, said. 

Suppon services for the facilities 
include fund planning grants, faculty 
salary supplements and graduate student 
fellowships for research projects. 

Senator Nicholas Petris CD-Alameda) 
authored similar legislation which 
passed both houses last September. 

The Petris bill authorized the sale of 
revenue bonds, by the works board , to 
fu nd re~arch and education facilities, 
while Garamendi's bill speCifically 
applies to organized research facilities, 
Lieberman' said. 

The bill was one of nine presented in 
a legislative package aimed at boosting 
technology, trade and tourism in 
California. 

"The package of legislation we have 
today addresses both short-term 
research needs through direct support 
to University research as well as 
st ructural suppOrt for industty-
sponsored research," Senator Art Torres 
CD-Los Angeles) said at the news 
conference. 

GRAND OPENING 

) 

SAlE! 
r------------------I 30%-50% OFF 
! all Sweats Be "s 
I With thll coupon thru 2·27~. 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

Sweats for Women or Men .. . 3O'J. OFF : 
& our Crewneck. V-neck. Hoods 
and Pants In 12 exciting colors, solid I 
or printed. 50% Off ALL our Cut Out I 
SWeats in the latest looks. I 
For Example: ereN Necks Reg. $12 - now $I." I 

Pants Reg. $12 - now ..... I 
~ Acrylic, 5(1l, Cotton I 

I 

L 
I T-Shirts tor Men, Women Of Kids. .. m 
: OFF AlL Solid or PrInted 1's In 
I Sleeveless, Short Sleeve. Long Sleeve. 
I Hooded Of other styles. 5Q1, Off AlL 
I Cut Out Half Shirts. noN just $1.<49. 
: For iJampIe: 
I H8CJIIVW8ight &J/:iJ short 11_ - now $3,10 

L_~!...~~~~·_~~: 
Our Regular PrIces are 

. LOYJ LOYJ Low 
Now Save ~ MORE 

We CiUARANTEE we have the 1000ltsunglaa prlces'of 
any store In San Dllgo or we'll pay the dlflerencel 

'Paa!k ElfU t 74 
Our New Location Our Lumberyard Store 

1030G Torrey Pines Rd. Also Celebrates (by the Yogurt Affair) 745 1st Street 
La Jolla / 454-8006 Encinitas /942-0337 

(formerly Expressions Unlimited) 



Be Prepared! 

Lecture Note 
Service for 
WOlter 1'984 

Bio 1 Price $9.00 
Bio 2 Adest $9.00 
Bio 19 Strause $9.00 
Bio 106 Geiduschek $10.00 
Bio 155 Harris $10.00 
Chern 6B Keams $9.00 
Chern 140B Goodman $10.00 
EElCS SOB Lugannani $9.00 
Econ IB Smith $9.00 
Econ l00B Guasch $10.00 

Typed • Concise • Organized 
We an opal Moaday - Fdday,9-3 

Located ri~t across from the Food Coop 
CaD as at 452-6238 
You wID aet aD back Issues 

Ulst day to buy your IUbscrtptIon Is March 9! 

THE 
U.C. STUDENT LOBBY 

ANNOUNCES ITS 
1984 LEGISLATIVE CONFERENCE 

AND YOU ARE INVITED TO ATTEND 
Date: February 27 & 28 
Place : Sacramento, CA 
Cost: $25 

. 

II The Conference agenda Will include workshops on subjec ts 
such as: Cu rrent Issues I The Uniuersity in Hi~her Educa tion Tools for A c tion I Fees or Turtlon? Effectiue Lobbying 

A SpeCial Awards Dinner with l<!g.slalors has been scheduled fo r Monday even mg. The f" sl 
day o l lhe conleren~e wlil conSl$t of workshops.l he second day will be spen t al the capital. Every 
student wlil have .he opportuntly 10 meet w.lh .. leglSlalor 

All UC students are inviled 10 attend and expenence .he Iobbymg process hrsl hand. The 
ASUCSO Lobby Annex IAIdl prOVide Iranspo"allon. lood and spar.an accommodatIons 

For fu rt her .nfo rmallon. or to register for Ihe confe rence. please call Jeff Meyer. Lobbv 
D" ec'or 452 7956 or Assocloted Student 452 4450 Space 15 Iomlted. 50 SIgn up now 
FINAL DEADUNE FOR CONFERENCE REGISTRATION IS 

FRIDA Y, FEBRUARY 171 

AS Resolution 
WHEREAS, chere is a scrongly perceived and accual need for a new 
and expanded University Cemer facilities and programs co serve che 
needs of the scudents ac UCSD, and 
WHEREAS, chere is a need [0 provide open and represemacive input 
imo che planning and design of new University Cemer programs 
and facilities; 
THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, chac che ASUCSD fully endorses the 
change of che University Center Program/ Building Advisory 
Committee (UCPBAC); "co proVide advice on che types of activicies 
which would be housed in such a facility, appropriace mechanisll}S 
co fund a University Center, siting options and criceria to evaluace 
sicing" and che membership of che UCPBAC as being necessary and 
sufficient co provide che broad base represemacion required co 
provide cimely and representative advice co che ASUCSD, scudents 
and the University Community on University Center facilicies. 
AND BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, thac che ASUCSD endorses che 
subcommiccee procedure being followed by the UCPBAC as being 
the mosc effective and open way by which che UCPBAC can prepare 
its repon in a cimeiy and represemacive manner. 

Air Band Competition 

Sun God Festival 
Jugglers, mimes and comedians apply also. 

If interested contact Sue Lewis at 452-4450. 

Learn about visual ans careers 
Explore che excicing career worlds of film -making, phocography, 

design and fine arcs wich a panel of visual arcs professionals. Come 
and see how alumni succeeded in chese various careers. Thursday, 
Feb. 23 at 2 pm in che Norch Conference Rm. in che Scudem Center. 
Refreshmems will be served . Sponsored by Career Planning &: 
Placemem &: SEE.D. 

Need an escort across campus? 
The UCSD esco rc service works 365 days a year from 5 pm to 1:30 

am. Community Service Officers are radio disparched and there is 
no charge. 452-4360. 

Last chance for Skiers 
This is your final chance c.o buy cickets for nexc weekend's 

Mammoth crip (Feb. 24-26). $89 gets you [0 and from Mammoch\ 
lodging, and shuttle service to che moumain each day. Good weather, 
good snow and a good price! Buy your cickets now ac Ski Club office 
hours in che Pub 11-3 everyday or in che Ski Club office at che 
Campus Recreacion Department 

Time is running out [0 get your cickecs for Sun Valley. $295 is all 
you need for a week of fantascic skiing in Idaho. The cicket includes 
your round crip cransponation, five nighcs lodging, five days lifc 
cickets for [WO moumains and special Ski Club evems. Buy your cicket 
now at che Box Office. 

Ski club office hours are in che Pub everyday 11-3. Come by and 
sign-up for evems, gec information and have a beer! 

Undergraduate Arts Festival 
Meecings for the Undergraduace Arts Fescival Commitcee are held 

every Friday afternoon ac 1:00 in Mandeville 103. Anyone interesced 
in helping with planning che shows is encouraged co anend. A 
prefescival show will be running in the Mandeville Annex Gallery 
February 6-10. All aniscs interesced in submiccing works please 
comacc BJ. ac the Visual Arts office at 452-2252. 

What about law sehool? 
USD law srudents Dave Palmer and Chriscopher Burke, will speak 

on law school after at~ending UCSD. Wednesday, Feb'. 22 from 3:30 
co 4:30 pm in the lounge above che Student Center Gameroom. 
Presented by the Pre-Law Educacion Associacion. 

Get a professional portrait taken 
The Updike Phocography Studio will be caking orders for 

profeSSional portraits on Feb. 21 -24, and 27 on Revelle Plaza for only 
$1l.95 . Picrures will be caken Feb. 29, March 1,2. Sponsored by the 
Shaolin Kung-Fu Club. 

Inter-Varsity Christian Fellowship 
Every Wednesday night at 7:30 pm in Cloud's Rest. This week-

"How to be a friend in friendship evangelism" wich special guest 
Gina Basler. Everyone is welcome. 

YOU ARt INVITt.O TO TAJc:t. A 

MON~Y5 I 7: 15pM 
C~ANC(LLOR\5 CQMPU:X .. m .111- A 

jeNl'\ V. -for an Cllcihnl) t'.,,, .. of iCl.llowlhip , 
cn+cartainm.",t , ~ngin9, and ',Mi,ht into a.. 
pcraonal f"&lah~.t\ip wiih Juu~ Chr-i!>t . 

~eor&d ~ 
CAMPUS cr2U5MX for C~~\5T 

February 21 , 198'1 11 

1M prophet Habc*1u* cMI out In a wortd lilt. our own. !lied wIItI vlo-
lence and greed. II there no juIICe? II Gad good? More ItIan two doIen 
protector .. fully automated. Aft 0fIgII1CII1C0fe. A ~ look at 1M 
m.anlltg 01 hillary, faIII't and eecurtty. 

Marc.h 1-3: in the Revell e Caft. 
l1c.kets: 1'3 st\Jdent~~#~ Gen· 

at U£D 
TWINIYOI .. IUNDIID PIIODUC11ONS 233 langdon, ModIIorI, WI. 53703. 6OIIU7-G26a 

• t9tO by,"*-VCIIIIIy CtwIIIIan 'wIIOwltllp Of 1M UnIted _ Of AIMfICa 

soon 1 
• 

• 

oom'"9 
Think! 
1) AS elections filing begins March 12. 
2) College Council filing at the same time. 
3) Student Orgs. who want to work the elections. 
please contact the elections commission. 

Let ASIO help your career 
The Associaced Scudents Imernship Office (ASIa) is striving [0 

provide work experience [0 all studems. Our program encompasses 
a wide variety of fields, including economics, che arts, sciences, and 
communications. We urge you [0 cake advamage of chis service. 
Deadlines to apply for Summer 1984 imemships are approaching 
(April 13 for California and April 17 for San Diego Internships). Drop 
by the ASlo office for more information. We are locaced in che 
Scudent Center above the gameroom, or call. x4689. 

Coffee hour with Dr. Ross 
The UCSD Women's Resource Center and the Prytanean Honor 

Society co-sponsor a coffee hour with Dr. Lola Ross, Ph.D., 
Department of Community Medicine who will discuss "Feminity and 
Professionalism" informally in the W-omen's Resource Cemer located 
nexc to che Food Co-op in che Scudent Cemer on Friday, Feb. 24, 
from 2-3 pm. 



12 February 2l, 1984 
NEWS 

. '" . ~ ~ . .. . 

University Center 
continued from page 8 
would not allow for such a facility to be 
built. Since then, the campus physical 
plant has grown, as has the student 
body, faculty and staff. Projections for 
the tum of the century exceed 3D,OOO 
people on campus. The existing 
facilities are of poor quality and 
insufficient in number to meet the 
demand in almost every area. From 
office space to commuter lounges, from 
movie theaters to food services, from co-
op space 10 recreation rooms, UCSD 
lags way behind almost every university 
in the nanon. 

After failures by other administrators 
to get the University Center project off 
the ground , Tom Tucker was called in to 
chair the Umverslty Center 
Programming/Bulldmg AdVisory 
Comminee, after successfully supervising 
the planning and construction of a 
university center at West Virginia 

,MURD4Y f.£ORUI1R" '25 
B PM MI11N GYM 

University. On his arrival at UCSD, 
Tucker was appaDed by the lack of 
facilities and their poor upkeep. 
"Pragmancally, I've never known a 
campus with such academic prestige 
that can't get a decent space for films," 
said Tucker. "And the facilities that do 
exist like the orth Conference Room, 
the tables and chairs are broken , the 
carpet is npped. I was embarrassed that 
we booked it." Tom Tucker has since 
ordered new furnishings for the North 
Conference Room , as well as patio 
fumiture , an electric message board and 
parking 101 lights all in an erlon to make 
the existing student center respectable 
until the new center is built. 

Other faculty and graduate students 
have voiced their opinions that exisnng 
facilities are insufficient and that a 
university center is needed to develop 
an intellecrual and cultural atmosphere 
that the campus so sorely lacks. "I would 
like to have a theater for movies, a 

THE: G~ €VENT 
Of THE YE:~R 
* Live Entertainment 
* Reheshments 
* S500 worth of Free Chips 
... EXCIting Prizes 
... Gaming Tables 

Blockjock. Keno. Crops. 
Chuck-a·IUCk. Roulette. 
Poke<. Wheel of Fortune 

8 pm to Midnight $2 Donation 
Open to UCSt) Students, Faculty. Stoff & Friends 

rWELCOMEi 
I to 1IIUIer'r.me I 
Depanment of Physical Educat.on x4037 

UCSD Events Office presents 

February 23, Thursday, 8:00 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium, Free! 

space lor an exhibitions, a music room 
and a nice restaurant In the University 
Center," said Dean of the Ans and 
Sciences Stanley Chodorow. The dean 
suggested that living facilities for visiting 
scholars would enable UCSD to draw 
quality lecturers and gmduate fellows 
who at present are lost to the campus 
because of the lack of housing. Dr. 
Chodorow also let be known his desire 
for a new book store in a UCSD 
University Ce nter. "['m disgusted with 
the book store on campus," said 
Chodorow. "There are not enough 
books, and what they do have is badly 
organized. They do nOl have what a 
student or a faculty member needs 10 
run his It fe." 

For graduate students whose teaching 
jobs, research and family life as well as 
full course loads tend to leave little time 
for social or inteUectual interaction, their 
Interests in the prospective University . 
Center are a bit different rrom those of 

the average undergraduate or faculty 
member. "Graduate students are 
primarily concerned with the price 10 
pay for such a facility . UCSD has 
perhaps paid too high a price for 
academic excellence .... Learning takes 
place in many ways and places. and is 
nOl limited 10 material covered in 
exams," said Claire Langham of the 
Graduate Student Council. "I personaUy 
favor an atmosphere conducive 10 
students of all levels and diSciplines, 
faculty and staff to interact ... IThe 
University Centerl should be large 
enough so as to aUow those with special 
links to the campus to feel comfonable, 
niches where a person would 'fit in .' It 
should be a place for faculty to relax 
and enjoy music, a quiet study place, or 
a place where active discussion is 
encouraged, aU in a building that would 
incorporate San Diego's unique and 
delightful climate." 

Muir College 
House Advisor Positions 

1984-85 
Applications are available at the Muir Residence Halls 
Office with a job referral from Student Employment. 

Application deadline is Friday, February 24. 
Call 452-4200 for additional information, 

.---Committee for World Democracy & UCSD Events OffIce 
present 

An Area Premiere! 

February 24, Friday, 8:00 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium, Freel 

Passes at UCSD Box Office: 452-45S9_~ 

Get out from under -
enroll In 

Information 
Academic 
Libraries 
a course c:Jesigned to teach you strategies for doing library 

research faster and better . 

Contemporary Issues -50 
Spring Quarter, 1984 

Hu .... nitla Library Building 
Section A: Monday & Wednesday, 9:00 - 9:50 a.m., Cluster 

Undergraduate Library, Room 2100 H/L Building, 2 units 
Instructor: Marc Glttlesohn 

ContcInporary IHUC.50 (a two-unlt course) " offered 
Fall, Winter and Spri Quarters cach ·1r. 

Spikers hang tough; 
host Aztecs tonight 
By USA lAPIN 

UCSD's men's volleybaU players claim that they were "just having run" as they held 
together and provided tough crowd-pleasing competition against two strong Division 1 
teams this past weekend. 

While UCSD cannot claim a victory, it can be known as a third game comeback 
team, proving it in Santa Barbara Friday night by scoring four and then ten against 
fifth-ranked UCSB, coming back with a full-on attack in the final game 10 hold Santa 
Barbara at game point twice, before finally surrendering by an 18-16 final count. 

"We played a fantastic game against Santa Barbara, and had a good time doing it," 
said off-hand hilling ace Tad Braun. "To hold a Division I team like UCSB to a game 
point twIce is unheard of." 

Coach Doug Dannevik sees his team's spirits rising: "Enthusiasm's up, we've had a 
lOt of good performances. Now we just need to get the win. The crowds are really a 
boost." 

Outstanding performances against Santa Barbara came rrom Mike MitcheU, a 6-7 
blocker from San Diego, who had nine kills in 19 attempts. Dannevik also cites Scott 
Criswell as a steady middle blocker, and freshman powerhouse Matt Hunt as a reliable 
hitter. 

The Triton squad nearly had a repeat performance Saturday night as it rerurned to 
UCSD to face third-ranked USC in rront or a large and enthusiastic San Diego crowd. 
Again. it was a third game raUy. resuhing in a heanbreaking 15-13 loss for UCSD. 

UCSD opened the first game with a lead or 3-1, but USC's height-dominated squad, 
with aU men over the 6' mark, took the lead and ran away by a 15-4 final score. The 

. second game was filled with turnarounds, eroviding UCSD plenty of unused 
opponunities to score. Defensive blocking oy Scott McGregor brought several side o~ts 
to UCSD. Yet powerful hits by John Henderson, Pat Brienen and mitchell were not enough 

Two stars on the rise - Mike Mitchell (left) and Matt Hunt go up to bloch a spike by Bill Yardley, 

10 SlOp the Trojans, who tought under 
pressure and used their blocking powers 
10 win 15-5. 

The final game opened with strong 
volleys from the Tritons, and UCSD 
racked up the points. Hits by Hunt, 
George Knights and Criswell gave the 
Tritons a commanding 9-1 lead. 

After USC coach Bob Yoder called a 
. time out, the strong blocking team gave 

UCSD its best and scored some pOints, 
but was unable to hold back the fired 
up Tritons. Excitement in the stands 
heightened as UCSD forces several USC 
side outs, and the Tritons stiD clung to a 
12-10 lead. 

USC relied heavily on its 6'8 d , 240-
iJOund middle, nicknamed 'Junior" Utu, 
to stop the Tmon offense, but an 

The ProfesSional School 
j,'" HIIIII""'.'U( SitU/" " 

A Graduate School of 
Professional Psychology 

Harold Greenwald, Ph .D., President 

The ProfeSSional School is offering partial scholarships for both the M.A. and Ph .D. 
COUNSEUNG PSYCHOLOGY programs for Winter Quarter. Our graduates qualify for 
licensing In the State of Ca 'ifol11la, both as PSYCHOLOGISTS and/ or as Marriage. Family 
Wid Child Therapists. 

A distmgUlshed fae ulty of experienced psycholOgists oJJa classes specifically designed Jor 
working proJessionals. Classes are held In the evenings and on weekends throughout 
Calif 011110 and speCial JOl11lUtS have />em set up to accomlllodate out-aI-state student . 
Recent Jaculty lectures have included sllLh recognized authOrllleS as George Bach, Albert 
Ellis. Nathaniel Brandon , Erv and Miriam Polster and Zerilli Moreno. 
For Jurtha infomwtion call orwnte to: The Professional School, 2425 San Dl£goAve., San 
Diego, C(I. 92110, (6 19) 296-4472. (Leaming centers located throughout Califo,,"a). 

.. .. 

· ....... n." ... _. .~- RF ,no -II 

MEN'S VOLLEYBALL PREVIEW 
UCSD vs. SDSU, Triton Pavilion, tonight at 7:30 

UCSD TRITONS SDSU AZTECS 
Division III 
Head Coach: Doug Dannevik 
Strengths 
UCSD is working on strong passing 
skills. providing back-up for-
consistent setting and excellent 
hitting. This gives UCSD an offensive 
edge. The Tritons have switched from 
a 6-2 to a 5-1 offense with one seller 
on the coun. 

p.Ia)":I'S to Watch 

6th-ranked Division I 
Head Coach: Duncan McFarland 

State has a senior-dominated line-up, 
pitted against UCSD's young team. 
Yet the Aztecs have exhioited a weak 
blocking strategy that could-be 10 the 
Tritons' advantage. 

Tad Braun, Hitter Kevin Droke, Blocker 
Mike MitcheU, Middle Blocker John Eddo, Hitter 
Man Hunt, Hitter - Dana McFarland, Sener 

Triton Coach Objectives 
"We were awful at State last month. Our goal is to show them we're a bener baU 
club and give the Aztecs a tougher match. RealisticaUy, we're aiming for deuce 
scoring. hopefully a win. We're excited and motivated - going for it with our 
heans." 

- Doug Dannevik 
Triton PIa)":r Objectives 
"It should be a rally - a true match of the crowds. We had hassles earlier, but 
we'll be up against State.· 

- Tad Braun 
"We want to be a consistent three-game team. We've come a long way in three weeks. 
State's had more playing time, but we're going out there and enjoying ourselves." 

- Matt Hunt 
"Fun. Our goal is to have fun ." 

- George Knights 

UCSD setter George Knights shows total disregard for his body as he goes all out for a saw against USc. 

outstanding hit by Matt Hunt tied up 
the match at lJ. 

There was some speculation in the 
stands about the referee's hesitancy to 
call frequent nets against USC, and 
while some of the Trojan players looked 
ready 10 go home, the San Diego fans 
cht:t:red their team on. Despite heavy 
offensive moves, the final result was a 
loss for the T rilOns, who were unable' 10 

with 

Debra 
a • 10m 

Formal Training with 
Jean Louis David. Sebastian. 

and Paul Mitchell. 

stand up to the blOCking and height 
possessed by USC. 

Starting setter Kevin Bateman, one of 
only two seniors on the UCSD team, 
attributed the loss to tiredness from the 
night before in Santa Barbara . "We had 
a strong chance - we were just 
outblocked in the end, but we gave it 
our beSt go." 

pltaSe I U 111 10 page 15 

, 



, , 

14 February 21 , 1984 
~I'OR I ~ 

Lacrosse discovers the Western frontier 
By IAN lANGDON 

Lacrosse is largely considered to be a predominantly 
Eastern spon. But look out, San Diego. Growing right here 
at UCSD is a very successful program headed by third-
year coach Kevin Pope. He sees a good future for laclosse 
here on the West Coast. -Lacrosse is growing incredibly. 
Since I've been in San Diego the past three years I've seen 
the sport expand very qUIckly," commented Pope . 

At present, the UCSD team is 3-2 and 1-1 in league 
play. The Tmons are coming off a very successful 
tournament (the prestigious OMBAC) in which they beat 
wyola Marymount ( 11-1) and Arizona Stale (8-5). Their 
lone loss came at the hands of Stanford , who stunned 
UCSD 10-9 in a dramatic finish . 

In league play the Tritons are I-I and in an unenviable 
position. San Diego State and the University of Arizona 
are also in the same division, and both have proven to be 
powerhouse leams. Though UCS8 ripped UCLA 14-5, 
they had the favor returned as SDSU trounced them 21-4. 

The match against UCLA was certainly the team's best 
effort of the year. Led by Steve May (3 goals, 4 assists) 
and Phil Johnson (6 goals), the club thoroughly 
manhandled UCLA. May, out of Torrey Pines High , IS a 
recent transfer from Oregon State , and Johnson comes by 
way of a reputable prep school in Santa Barbara. Both 
players had opportunities to take scholarships at other 
schools, but both have remained 10 San Diego. Combine 
these twO attackers with Shannon Bass and you have 
what coach Pope calls "a solid attack." 

-1 think our main strength is our depth . Our third line 
gets the Job done: says Pope. The coach also praised the 
play of midfielder Scott Norman and freshman Michael 
Chen , not to mention the goalie duties provided by 
Glenn Fisher. "Fish ," as his teammates caU hIm, plays the 
tOughest position of all at goalie. Says Pope, "It takes a 
fearless person to play goal, and 'Fish' has shown he can 
do it" 

A very positive attitude is felt around the lacrosse team. 
Their practices are disciplined and exe rting, with Kevin 
Pope at the helm. Pope was born in New York and 
picked up the spon 10 the ninth grade. -New York has 
the highest concentration of lacrosse players In the world , 

LET'S 
GET 
TOGE'I'HF:R! 

You're the leaders 01 tomorrow, We'd like you to join the 
leader 01 today in the field of microprocessor controlled 
measurement analysis equipment. 

We're in San Diego & we're LORAL INSTRUMENTATION. 
As an .Associate Microprocessor Engineer, you'll have 
the opportunity to work with talented hardware and 
software professionals in a true design environment. 
You'll be on the leading edge of technology and 
building toward the future with your B.S. Electrical 
Engineering or Computer Science degree. 

Get to know us better, 
Join us for a Get Acquainted Workshop 

Wednesday, February 22, 1984 
Noon-I pm, Revelle Informal Lounge 

Refreshments 

See your Coreer Planning and Placement Officer 
for on-campus interviewing, March 8, 1984. 

We are an equal opportunity employer. 

so it was natural for me to get mto the sport," said Pope. 
Arter high school, Pope attended top ten power Towson 
State, where he played for four years. 

"I gOt into coaching at the club level in New York and 
eventuaUy ended up in San Diego. My brother was 
working at General Dynamics here in San DIego, and the 
combination of the weather and bringing up a family 
made me Stay," said Pope. 

The players plainly enjoy their coach. "He is very 
committed and concerned about us," says mid fielder SCOlt 
Norman. "I like his positive attitude and discipline," 
noted Phil Johnson. Indeed , Pope does get along weU 
with his players. He admits that he may nO! be the 
greatest strategist of the game, but points to the fact that 
he relates well with rhe [earn , which brings out a positive 
attitude. 

The coach sees some tough competition in the future 
but none that compares with a recent incident which 
occurred during a practice on Third Field. Two minors 
were obviously "high" or -drunk" when they drove their 
car onto Third Field and began doing doughnuts among 
the side-stepp 109 lacrosse team. A near fatal event 
occurred when the car slid right into coach Pope. "The 
car was sliding right at me, so 1 grabbed for the driver's 
window, which was half-way open, but it shattered in my 
face on impact," detailed Pope. Pope now sports a large 
slash across his forehead . 

With the police in pursuit (and the lacrosse team as 
well), the IWO minors were eventually caught after 
glancing the car oIT the Economics building and the 
Third College laundromat. They were charged with assault 
with a deadly weapon (car) and destruction of private 
property. 

Asked if his practices were always so eXCiting, Pope 
replied, "I sure hope not." If this team can dodge a few 
more bullets, it may find itself competing for the Southetn 
Division Championship. "We have the potential to beat 
anyone," says Pope . "The disaster against San Diego State 
was a nuke and will not happen agam." 

The club's next contest will be against Brigham Young 
University on Saturday at Muir Field . 

This Survey is Worth a FREE Classified 
and it's 500000 Easy! 

Just fill out and return it to the Guardian for a Jree 1 DO-character classified ad. 
We 're located southeast oj the Revelle Pr~ost Office, next to the Che Cafe. 

1. How often do you read the Guardian? 0 always 
o sometimes 0 never 

2, How do you rate the Guardian? 0 very good 
o fair 0 ok 0 not-so-good 

3. Do you take advantage of the advertising coupons? 
o always 0 sometimes 0 never 

4. Which coupons do you use most? 0 food 0 hair 
o entertainment 0 clothing 0 services ____ _ 

5. Which coupons or ads would you like to see more of 
o food 0 hair 0 clothing 0 entertainment 
o services (please list) __________ _ 

6. Do you live 0 off campus or 0 on campus? 
7. Do you commute by 0 bus, 0 personal car, 0 carpool, 

o bike, or 0 walk? 
8, Which area is more convenient for you to shop? 

o downtown La Jolla, 0 Clairemont, 0 Mira Mesa 
o Del Mar, 0 Immediate UCSD area, 

9. What kinds of services do you need most that you 
ca n 't find (or don't want to use) on ca mpus? 
o food, 0 hair, 0 clothing, 0 entertainment, 
o services (please list) __________ _ 

10. How much do you normalry spend on lunch? 
11 . How much do you normally spend on a haircut? 

12. Are you 0 student, 0 staff or 0 faculty? 
13 , Are you enrol/ed/employed 0 full time orO part time? 

Thanh you Jor your cooperatIOn . 

Francis sets scoring record 

UCSD pressed into loss 
By IAN lANGDON 

The Lady Tritons knew they 
had to playa flawless game in 
order to bear diviSion-leading Cal 
Baptist, but instead rhey played 
terribly, and it resulted in an 84-
65 drubbing Friday nighr at the 
Pavilion. 

The Tritons have had problems 
in the past with turnovers, and 
this game clearly illustrated that 
fact. Facmg a fierce, trapping 
press, the women were unable to 
really get into their oITense . 

Coach Judy Malone tried every 
combination of players possible to 
try to mount a raUy, but the 
Lancers from Riverside denied 
them each time. 

Teik Francis again led the team 
in scoring as she drilled home 20 
points. These POInts helped her to 
break the existing single season 
scorrng mark held by none other 
than her coach, Judy MOllone. 
Malone set the record here in 1974. 

Also in double figures were the 
ever-consistent Julie Krause (16 
pts.) and Sue Semrau (10 pts.). 
Shelley McKeone (9 pts.) and Kim 
Allen (8 pts.) rounded out the 
scoring for UCSD. 

This was the last home game for 
the Tritons. They have one game 
remaining at Biola University on 
Tuesday, February 21, where they 
will attempt to even their record at UCSD guard Sue Semrau scored ten points in the /oss. 
12-12. 

Tritons sweep Engineers to set a record 
The UCSD baseball team, which has been mired in a career-long slump, is finaDy 

busting loose in 1984. By sweeping Cal Tech in a doubleheader Saturday at Olsen 
Field, the Tritons have evened their record at 5-5. With the season just ten games old, 
this is still the latest stage ever in which the Tritons have not had a losing record. 

Against Cal Tech, UCSD flexed its muscles by crossing the plate 30 times on the 
afternoon while allowing the Engineers just one trip across the plate. 

In the first game, the Tritons were ahead 3-0 when they exploded for nine runs in 
the fourth inning. Dan DiMascio began the rally with a Single and a steal of second 
base. Three walks later (which pushed across the first run), Bob Natal Singled to drive 
in one, and after an Engineer error, freshman Derek Alkonis rined a shot through the 
left-centerfield gap to drive in [WO more. Shortstop Dan Petersen followed with a run-
scoring single, and after John Rosness reached on a fielder's choice, DiMascio 
recorded his second hit of the inning by tripling to produce the eighth Triton run of 
the inning. Three more walks later, Bob Natal finished ofT the explosion with a run-
scoring single. UCSD eventually won 13-1 . The nine-run inning fell one run shon of 
tying a school ·record. The Tritons scored ten runs in an inning last year against 
Occidental. 

While the Tritons were bombarding the Cal Tech pitchers, Robert Rolf was 
silencing the Engineer bats (maybe they were using slide rules instead) with a shutout 
performance to improve his record to 2-0 on the season. 

The second game was no different, and in fact, proved even more humiliating 
for Cal Tech. On the strength of Ted Mendoza's two-run triple in the third and a 
pair of run-scoring smgles by Mendoza and Tim Archer in the sixth, the Tritons 
were ahead comfortably in the seventh inning by an 8-0 count when they broke 
the game wide open with seven more runs. After Randy Jones reached safely on 
an error and Dave Becherer singled, Dennis Costa ripped a double down the 
leftfield line for twO runs. One out later, Archer walked and John Rosness 
doubled to drive in [WO more. Rob Hoswell singled, and successive walks to Ted 
Mendoza and Chris LaRosa forced in another Triton run. Jones then followed 
with a single to drive in Hoswell. UCSD scored its last run appropriately enough, 
as another Engineer mistake, a balk, forced in laRosa. The Tritons went on to 
win the nightcap 17-1 . Senior Eric Reynolds picked up his second win on the 
year by pitching four innings of no-hit baD. Mark Sloan took over in the fifth and 
struck out nine in his four innings of work. but surrendered the lone Engineer 
hit, a weak ground single in the seventh. Rob Case pitched the ninth and closed 
out the biggest day in history for UCSD baseball. 

UCSD travels to Redlands on Wednesday and returns home to face Claremont In a 
doubleheader on Saturday. The "Brawling Stags" were the instigators of a bench-
dearing bmwI when the two teams met last Tuesday in Claremont. 

Volleyball 
<OIl/lllUl'JJn""/~I!ll' /J 

Dannevlk feh that the performance 
hJd b ... en bener against UCSB, ,md 
reiterated Bateman's comme nt that the 
'r rirons were tired from rraveling. bur 
added that "against DiVIsion lour 
perlormance IS really encouraging. Wc 
are passing reaDy well, and In the thIrd 
game we hgurcd our their blocking 
de rense and we're hitting a little 
srnarter." 

"Two mJtches In 38 hours is tough, 
but we pulled our h ... ads out and 
fought:' said freshman setter George 
Knights. '~unlor hdd me tired up and 
we were 'exc hanging words' on the 
<.:oun. but thdt dIdn't Inllmidd[e .myone. 
Our goal IS to have lun ." 

UCSD WIll lace fourth-ranked San 
Diego ?tate for the second time thIS 
season at 7:30 tonight 10 the Pavilion. 
ee preview for deta Ils. 

737 Pearl 

PRECISION 
HAIRCUTS 

for men & women 
With this COUPOfl oflly, 

Offer expires 3-5-84. 
456·1170 

La Jolla 456· 1815 
---------------.---------$10 PRECISION: PERM $29.50 HAIRCUT I ' Long HaI r Extril . 1---------------------for mea. women I 

Shampoo, cut. 
(Blow dry not lfIeluded) 

: CELLOPHANE $15 

--_ .. 

.,.,-,- ("-'-), ".~":. ... ~ '. 
..... - .. ~ = I • " I 
':" l. .... ·s·. --,. ,- - ...,.-
(. ~ .~.' \' ~ I .J \ t 

" ..J I ~ 

How important is the 
wilderness in your life? 
Wilderness and Human Values 

Contemporary Issues 20 

- will be offered this spring -
An interdisciplinary study of human's relationship 

with nature, panicularly with the wilderness, 
Lecturers from a wide variety of fields explore 

issues and conflicts, Discussion sections focus on 
specific projects and topics. The course ends with 

a five day backbacking trip. 

Important Orientation Meeting 
Thursday, Februal}' 23 
7:30 pm in HSS 2250 

-'---. . ., 
.. 

.... 

~ 

• 



The 10th Annual 

~INO 
* 

NIGHT 
ahd 

MILLER BEER 
present: 

.. 

.. 
* 

.. Prizes from contributors .. 

OCT 
~~ .. --

MAZATLAN 

COLONIAl INN 

Terra Tours 
&. Travel. Ine. 

*-
* 

* 
* 

* 
* 

3636 Filth A ...... rHdk,.,,1 

San Die.... c.~''''"'. 9 210 l 

___ I UnIversity kjlG"1 of La Jolla I_....--..~ 
PLUS PRIZES FROM: 

DINI'S 
L'ESGARGOT 
LA MONT'S BBQ 
THE FRENCH GOURMET 
THE OLD MISSION BEACH CAFE & BAKERY 
VALLE ROSE RESTAURANT & SALOON 
SAMARAI JAPANESE RESTAURANT 
ROUND TABLE RESTAURANT 
THE SPOT 
LE PAPILLON CAFE 
CHARLIE'S AMERICAN RESTAURANT & BAR 

CAFE PACIFICA 
DE LUCA'S ITALIAN RISTORANTE 
TRITON PUB 
FIREHOUSE BEACH CAFE 
UNIVERSllY EVENTS OFFICE 
LE BEDOUIN RESTAURANT 
CARLOS & ANNIE'S CAFE 
BRIGANTINE RESTAURANTS 
ALFONSO'S 
INTRAMURAL OFFICE - UCSD 
SAN DIEGO GUIDE / SAN DIEGAN 

February 21 . 1984 1 7 
.., I' \ II~ [ .., 

Not even a shoe could stop'LA 
By PHil LAUDER 

The San Diego Clippers entered 
S.uurday night'S COOlest with Los 
Angeles with a 17-36 record , a full 17 
games behind the diviSion-leading 
Lakers. San Diego had lost three 
straight, including an embarrassing 111-
100 loss at home [0 Houston on 
Thursday. Meanwhile, the Lakers had 
lost just twice 10 their last J 1 games. 
How could they lose to the lowly 
Clippers? 

WeU. San Diego fans know that their 
teams bring out a little something extra 
when facing their rivals to the nonh . 
And that's exactly what they did 
Saturday. Trouble is. it took three 
quaners for it to show, and by then it 
was too Iitde, too late. The Lakers' 17-
point haUtime advantage held up in a 
120-116 defeat of the Clippers, leaving 
the ceUar-dweUers 18 games from the 
top and six-and-a-half games away from 
the once- reali stic goal of fi fth place. 

With 6-7 forward Michael Brooks out 
for the season with tom ligaments and 
canilage, coach Jim Lynam has gone to 
II skyscraper front line of center James 
Donaldson (7-2), Terry Cummings (6-9) 
and fomord Bill Walton (6-11) with 
mixed results. Saturday. this combo was 
less than effective in trying to stop 
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar. who scored 12 
first-half points - mostly on sky-hooks 
and faU-aways - while caUecting three 
rebounds and dishing out three assists. 
His presence was sorely missed in the 
second half (he sat down [0 rest his left 
knee, sore with tendonitis), and the 17-
point safety margin he left his side with 
was slowly whittled down. 

The Lakers controlled the opening tip 
and scored on an 18-foot Jumper from 
the corner by almost-Clipper Byron 
Scott (dealt to Los Angeles along with 
Swe n Nater for Norm Nixon and since-
depaned Ernie Johnson). They neller 
looked back. Their incredible 73% 

shooung in the first quarter was capped 
off by a MaglcJohnson three-poi nter in 
the closing seconds that left the 
Clippers 13 points behind . LA's 41 first -
quaner points demonstrate the Clippers' 
Single most pressing need . solid 
defense. The Clippers' defense has held 
opponents below 100 points just six 
times aU season (San Diego won five of 
those). 

The second quarter was more of the 
same, although the Lakers cooled down 
considerably in scoring only 28 points. 
However, the home team scored even 
fewer and found itself down and almost 
out at intermission . Outshot 39% to 
65% from the field , San Diego shot weU 
from the line (13-14) to stay in remote 
contention. The best defense against 

Forward Terry Cummings stams kome 
two of his below-avtrage 15 points Saturday. 

We would like to introduce to you our 
new and talentoo hair designers, 
Felipe & Karen Kay (K.K.) 
Women $15, reg. $25 
Men $12, reg. $19 
For appointment please call 45 7-2930. 
8950 Villa La Jolla Dr., Suite 2120, La Jolla 

(~hind EI Torito & Rodeo· directly acr.- die rlmp) 
Offer expirl.l8 3·31·84. 

Next to 81,,&-.r Mkt &. t"" P05t Office in UniwrsityCity, CorncrofOovcrnor Dr. &. RCllCntl Road . : 

...---FLAVORS: ONE FREE 50% YOGURT 
with the purcluue of 
an)' ollan site )'Ogurt! Chocolate Ralpberry BoYKnberry Praline'N'Cream 

La Jolla Viii..., Dnve r UTe Next to ~f 811 Bear 
»- ; ~ Dr. 

Chocolate Mint Vanilla 
Lemon StrawberrycheeleCake 
Strawberry Mocha 
Pumpkin Peanut Butter 
Coconut Blueberrychenecake. 
Call UI for daily flavon: 457-2339 ~ 
THIS COUPON GOOD FOR ONE FREE 50% YOGURT 
WITH THE PURCHASE OF ANY OTHER SIZE YOGURT 
* Expira 2126184 * Only 2~ Mil~s Away! One Coupon Per Cuatomer 

Abdul-Jabbar all eveni ng was the 
tendonitis. 

But Cli pper fans know that this 
strange team can recover from big 
deficits - JUst as it can blow bIg leads. 
Besides, these are the Lakers; doesn't 
that mean something? Perhaps it did, 
but the thIrd quarter score of 90-86 
didn't show it. The Clippers had made 
one run during the quarter, trailing by 
only nine at one point , when perhaps 
the highlight of a rather listless evening 
occurred. 

While playing defense , Walton's very 
large shoe came off, and as an act of 
protest (and , to some extent, stupidity) 
the now-healthy center/ forward picked 
it up and tossed it into the air, barely 
missing the baU just shot The shoe 
mIssed the baU, the shot missed the 
hoop, but the official didn 't miss 
anything, cdUing an immediate technical 
foul. A red-faced Walton went to the 
bench to replace his footwear as 
Johnson sank the free throw. The flash 
of momentum the Clippers had shown 
was gone as the Lakers scored the next 
six points and rebuilt the margin to 16. 

Making up 16 points in the fourth 
quarter agamst the best team in the 
conference is no easy chore , but the 
Clippers put aU they had into the effort. 
An 8-2 spurt to start the quarter forced 
the leaders to caU a time-out, and for 
the first time aU evening brought the 
c rowd - mostly bipartisan aU evemng 
- into the game. 

But juS! as San Diego would m<lke a 
run , the Lakers would push them back. 
The Clippers whittled , the Lakers 
pushed them back. A Cummings lhree-
pomt play on a drive to the hoop closed 
the gap to seven and re-ignited the 
crowd. So LA widened the margin to 11. 
Back came San Diego, closing to 110-
103 before Cummings committed his 
Sixth foul at the 4:07 mark. Terry didn't 

Michael Brooks, battered all season long, 
is now out for the year with a knee injury. 

take fouling out lightly; his few crisp 
words directed towards the officials cost 
h IS side another technical foul (which 
was missed by Johnson). 

The ebb and flow continued as the 
dippers narrowed the gap to five on 
another drive down the lane , this one 
by Nixon. Suddenly, with 1:57 to play, 
the outcome was very much in doubt. 
The Lakers' lead was cut to I1S-112 
wllh a minute to play, and San Diego 
had chances to cut even deeper into the 
lead . The clincher was a missed outside 
jumper by Ricky Pierce. followed by a 
rebound by and foul on Bob McAdoo. 
He made the first but missed the 
second; however, Johnson grabbed the 
board that pretty much sank the 
Clippers' shIp. The 120-116 final was 
decided by free throws as those in 
attendance poured OUt of the Arena, 

Perhaps the leam's goal should no 
longer be fifth place and respectability, 
but simply bettering last season 's record. 
Even that might be a chaUenge at this 
point. 

WHOEVER THOUG-fT 
WRmf\G COJLD BE SO FINE? 

If you 
love fine writ-
ing, now you 
can choose be-
tween two Precise 
Rolling BaH pens that 
write 10 fine yet Row 50 
smoothly you'll wonder 
how we made it possible. 

Only The Precise oHows 
u to write beautifully in either me point or extra fine point. 

The price is even finer. Only $1.19. 

PILOT PRECISE ROLUNG BALL PENS . 
2 Cf M FNR n-N;S N lfE. 

[PILOT1~~iSe 
Available at the Bookstore Hours: 

Mon.-Fri. 8-4:45 
Sat. 10-4 

Op.:n Thurs 1O:3Oam-9:3Opm; Fri-Sat 10:30am- l0:00pm; ~1l1l:00.m-9:000m 1 " L _____ ---------.... &&1 ... --___ ... IIIIIIII .... __ ...1 -vT\..":'r.:-'":,./~-~::l~---.,.""'~~I+,.,..~~-~--. ... ~-· ... ~~ 1 v I 



February 21. 1984 
SPORTS 

Tritons cruise to a win; 
need overdrive tonight 
By MIKE GREENBERG 

"We are going to beat Westmont by cwo 
points up at their place and win our last' 
two games." 

- UCSD men's basketball head coach 
Tom Marshall 

As predictions go, It sounded a bit 
bold . But not one of the 240 fans who 
witnessed the onslaught of Cal Baptist at 
the PaVIlion Friday night will second 
guess the Triton coach for his verbosity 
in making such a statement. After all , 
UCSD had just played a flawless 26 
minutes of basketball (Ihe first 14 were 
anything but) against a good divisional 
opponent, and when the scoreboard 
displayed the vicLOry margm of la at 
75-57, one couldn't blame Marshall . his 
team or the crowd for being confident 
about Tuesday mght's clash with the 
nation's fifth -ranked team. 

ow deadlocked In a three-way tie 
for second place In the Southern 
Division with Cal Baptist and POint 
Loma at 5-6, (the Crusaders lost their 
founh straight Fnday LO SCC, 81-75), 
UCSD can control its own destiny as far 
as home coun advantage In the openmg 
round o f the NAIA playolTs on March 3. 
By winning at Westmont and Point 
Lorna this week, the Tntons would 
fi nish runner-up in the South by virtue 
01 better head-LO-head records agamst 
Cal Baptist and Point Lorna. If. however, 
the Tritons should happen to lose 
tomght and win Friday, they would be 
seeded fourth If the Lancers should lose 
one of their last two against Point Lorna 
and Azusa Pacific. For the Crusaders to 
acquire the homr coun in the opening 
round , they must be vlctonous in their 
fmal two contests , both at home. 

But the Tntons have been performmg 
exceplionaUy weU of lale , while Poml 
Lorna has looked pathetic, dropping five 
of their last six games. Cal Baptist 
demonstrated Friday mght that they are 
not in the TriLOns' class when UCSD is 
playing up LO its tremendous 
capabdities. 

After the Lancers took the lead , 20-19 , 
14 minutes into the first ;,lanza, the 
men in blue and gold dazzled the fans 
with one of their patented spurts that 
makes close games a thi ng of the past. 
The Tntons outscored their opponems 
16-4 in the remaming minutes that led 
to intermtsslon . mostly due to an 
aggressive 3-2 defense that stifled Cal 
Baptist into attempting some awkward 
lookmg shots. They didn 't fall , but Greg 
Kamansky's and Brandon Nixon's did , 
as the rwo UCSD guards combmed for 
ten points in the run that put the game 
in the refrigerator. 

Cal Baptist began a mtld rally by 
scoring the first rwo baskets of the 

Nuclear Issues of the '84 Campaign 
Program Sertes 

A No-First-Use 
Weapons Strategy 

in-depth cmalys1s 01 
the advantages 

8r c:Usadvantages 
SPEAKERS: 
John Somerville. "Philosophic 

Ove/view" 
Cedric Garland, "Advantages 

of a No-first-use Policy" 
Sanford A Lakoft, "A Look at 

the Disadvantages" 
Thurs., Feb. 23, 1:30 pm 

4190 Front st. 
Unitarian Church 

(across trom Uruverslty Hospital) 
Admlqion Free - Refreshments 

pc ... Dted by Ille PhYNC1Cns tor SI.JCJal 
IleiponowUity and :he SocIOl lieI,>Orwbll.llV 

..;i..;mc. COmnultM ot to. fl.lll U'NJanan Chwcb 

se..:ond half to cut the Triton lead to 
five , but the UCSD locomotlve refueled 
b)' scoring 15 of the next 17 points. 
When the club displays this type of 
firepower, no one can touch the Tritons, 
and :l proclamation about a two-point 
wm against Westmont (despite their 
ranking and apparent inVinCibility) 
seems almost conservative 

"A win hke this one Iby 18 poims) 
puts a little fear into the league: said 
Marshall, while lounging in hiS olTice , 
feet propped on hiS desk, savoring 
every minute of hiS team's gracious 
performance. -I think we are going to 
win our last two games because of the 
way we 're playing. We are the only team 
that can conSistently play with 
Westmont In thiS league. We match up 
well and should be able to beat them." 

Those match-ups are intriguing, since 
the Warriors have been bQasting all 
season long about their dynamiC • 
backcourt tandem of Mike Moore and 
Dave Schultz . Currently, however, no 
duo is playing better than UCSD's 
Kamansky and Nixon, espectally now 
that Nixon has recovered 100% from a 
back Injury that sidetracked him for the 
last third of the year. Combimng for 39 
points on 16-25 shootmg Friday night , 
the rwo Tnton guards are the best in the 
conference bar none. Couple the pair 
with a frontcoun that is producing 40 
points and 28 rebounds over its last five 
contests, and one gets the Idea that 
UCSD can defeat Westmont whether 
they play them on the road tomorrow 
night or in Whlttler, the site of the 

AlA Dlstrlct III Championships. 
That is not to suggest that the 

Warriors are not capable of upstaging 
the Tritons before 2,000 deli rious fans. 
ThiS ballclub possesses awesome 
statistics. Six players are in the league's 
top ten in field goal shooting. As a team , 
Westmont is shooting 59% from the 
field (their nearest competitor IS Point 
Loma at 51 %) and 78% from the free 
throw line (Cal Lutheran IS second at 
72%). The Warriors' average margin of 
victory is 22 pOints. Southern Cal 
College, who clinched the Southern 
DiVision title with its ViCtOry over Point 
Loma Friday, is next, outscoring its 
opponents by seven points a game. 
Westmont leads the conference in 
olTense and rebounding, and is second 
in defense . They have been in the top 
ten in the polls aU year long (UCSD has 
not even been mentioned under the title 
"best of the rest"). The club has lost rwo 
games all year and ItS gymna~ium IS 
always fiUed to "standing room only." 

Yet, almost all of the Tritons are 
confident about the battle among the 

UCSD coach Tom Marshall (ground) may need to pray all evenm&[or the T "tons to upset Westmont. 
rwo biggest teams (in terms of size). 
probably because UCSD knows that 
Westmont IS not unbeatable . The 
Warriors traveled down to San Diego 
last year, unbeaten in league play (11-0). 
With a cocky composition that was 
apparent to everyone in the league who 
had to endure their "pouring it on" 
attitude. They left the Pavilion tasting 
defeat for the first time and would 
subsequently be upset by Point Lorna m 
the playolTs. 

"That was a great game, one I will 
always remember," said Nixon after the 
game. "They thought they were so great, 
but we were pumped up and beat them. 
I look for the same type of game when 
we play them again." Forward Steve 
Flint, who coUected eight rebounds and 
shut down Lancer James Fuller, is even 
more confident than Nixon, if that's 
pOSSible. "We're going to kick their 
booties ," said Flint. while joking with 
last year's staning forward Mike Maross. 
"We can beat them if we play like we 
are capable of. I knew we would win 
tonight because of the way we played 
against sec in the second half [when 
UCSD nearly overcame a 17 -point 
halftime deficit to win). I think if we 
play like that we will win." 

As for Friday's creaming, one could 
only feel sorry for head coach Jerry 
King as he tried every resource in 
combatting a Triton club that was 
overpowering. "UCSD will win a lot of 
games if they play like they did tonight," 

THE: G~ €VENT 
Of THE VE:M 
* Live Enlertalnmenl 
.. Refreshments 
.. S500 worth of Free Chips 
.. EXCiting Pr,zes 
.. Gamine Tables 

Blac~Jac~. Keno. Crops. 
ChLo;;k<Huck. Roulette. 
Poker. Wheel of Fortune 

a pm to Midnight 52 Donation 
\.Jp<Jn to ucsu Students, roculty. Sluff & hlVf)(js 
r;.OM~ 
Depaltmtnl of Pn~ lc. 1 EducM,on d037 OCT 

--

said King, who has done a superb Job 
just getting Cal Baptist in a position to 
vie for the home COUll in the playolTs 
after a 13-18 season last year. "They can 
beat anybody, including Westmont. I See 
them as contenders for the league title." 

Although UCSD has known this for 
quite some time (ever since they upset 
Point Lorna on Spirit Night, five games 
ago), it's nice that other teams around 
the league are taking nonce. 
TRITON HOOP-Wi: Kamansky, who was 
shooung 48% over the last three games 

beror~ Cal Bapnsl, was precise on eight of 
elevt!n attempts Friday. "I am glad I could 
break out of the slump I've had for the past 
few games; my shot was finally feeling good," 
said Kamansky. How can someone call 48% 
shooting a slump? -Simple. II IS a slump for 
him. Anybody else, no. BUI Kamansky should 
shoot .tround 5-+%," said Marshall .... M.uk 
Barreca played very weU for [he fifth game In 
a row, scoring 15 points "l1d grabbing 13 
rebounds. Barreca outperIormed Mike Van 
Bever.:n, who is widely regarded as the 

I~ague's best power lorward .... The Tntons 
have developed d distinctive p,utem. When 
they Win, they need to shoot OYer 50% in 
each half. The lasl four WinS have come trut 
way, Including Friday's, in wluch UCSD shot 
a bhstering 54%, compared to' Cal Baptist'S 
35% .... No one can give a decent r.llionale 
for Poim Lorna's decline. Even I'LC coach 
Ben Foster uoesn't have an answer. "We are 
plaYing well In spurtS, but don't possess the 
consislen.:y [hat we had earlier In th~ year. I 
wish I knew [he reason; If I dId. I woultl 
boule 11 and sell it to coaches around [he 
league. Bu[ this uamn lOSing streak has me 
Slumped." 

NAVY NUCLEAR 
ENGINEERING 

any better offers? $24,000 
to $54,000 after 6 years. 
If you are 19 to 26 years 
of age majoring in math, 

chemistry, physics or 
engineering and would 

like to learn more about 
this opportunity 

CALL 
COLLECT 
(619) 

293·6746 
Call between the hours of 9 
am tQ 5 pm, Mon. Ihru Wed, 

PERSONALS 
~egnant? ChOOIe atemai.... to aboIIIOn. Son 
Diego PrtH.ile League Hottlne: 583-5433. 941-1515. (2/2"1) 
Don't gat caught PIa'(Ing ~I This Fri .. 8 & 
10:30 pm on USlI 2722. $1 at bQI( aIIIce 01 the dooI. (2/23) 
HevI Old you know thai Habakkuk .... be hefe March 
1. 2" 3UU "-' you at the Rev. Cal. at 8:30 OK? -
Julie. (2/21) 
Ptav with low aI UCSD's Mandelt Neiss Center trw 
week - "lOYe's Labour's LOIt. (2/2) 
IIInce. the "tolk" svatem doesn't WOIk. It WOIlJeIng 
lyped vertlCaIIy"" Morsh8d. (2/21) 
PhI Delta Theta, raJ Kappa EpIilon. Delta Signa PhI. 
Alpha OmiCron PI. SIgma Kappa, the Red Party was 
tun. ~', do ~ again. loIIe Delta Gommo. (2/21) 
SafaIv IClItsIV VOJII death wiItl bV Ily.ng sallp1~ It 
feels dangerous. bul the risk Is law (but not zero). 
\..CSl) Soaing club. Coli Alan 556-7405 101 details. (2/21) 
WhO's the mvstenous playboy caning to UCSO? (2/21) 
Love blooms in febrUOlY at UCSO's Mandell Weiss 
Cenler with ShaklllPlKl'e ptav. (2/21) 

WANTED 
WOId-proceuing ~, Calt system. Voioble 
hauls. good pay. Chris 7~1321 -. (2/23) 
EARN $10,00 - RESEARCH SU8JECIS IlEEDED for a 
stua{ of Slr--.etaled illness. Participants MOO 10 be 
~ the agel of 18 and 65 and haIIe a 
diagnosis of 1)0 topic eczema (dermatitis - a type 
of skin rOlh) 01 2) basal cell carcinoma (0 type 01 
skin calC8I). Subjects will spend approodmotely 20 
mlnul. at the Catllomlo School of ProtessIonaI 
Psychologv on Sorrento Valfll(. For an appointment 
for more InIormotior\ please coli KATHY CHRISTIAN 
727-4995. (2/21) 
Need a financial boOst? We ol!er a unique 
apporIunIly slOttIng part time with poIenllot 
earnings of SS())-1 000 mo. Coil 101 on InteMew. Frank 
272-2914 a SI_ 222-9623. (2/21) 
Computer occeuory company needs 
shipping/general oIIice ciefk help 25 tvs/weeit. 
requires hte typing cn:j cor. Catl Lynefl at Sow 
EnterpnSlll. -755-8324. (2/23) 
Experienced jazz drummer wonted for original 
bop/tusoo/WU>Ie bond. coil Geoff, evenings 455-
1927. (2/21) 
OVERSEAS JOBS. .. Summer, yr. ro..ond. Europe. S. Amer .. 
,Australia. AsIa. All fieldS. ~2000 mo. SIghtseeing. 
Free Into. \NI~e UC. PO 11K 52-CA19Caano Del Mar, 
CA 92025. (3/8) 

ACROSS 
I lSAl 
2 GMAI 
lGR( 
4 MeAl 
5 IiAI 
6 ",A I 
7 PCAI 
. OCAI 

, VAl 
10 10fl l 
It ~SA I 
12 P,AI 
'3 ' AI 
14 ~I I 
15 \4~ " P 

DOWN 
1 NMS 
2 VGE 
3 Eel MG 
• Il E ~ 
5 ~DB 
6 NPB I 
7 NCB I 
• rLI N(;, 

I GRI PSYCH 
11 CRE S.O 
11 ALHIEVEMENI S 
12 NURSI NG ~IJ~ 
13 CPA 
,. SPEEU RI ADIN!; 
15 lSt REV'EW 
II INlRO 10 

l AW SC HOOl 

~-H. 
aPIAN 
EDUCAnoHAlCENT(R 

r I' {I .. . 1 .. 1· ... o\W" •••• -."I· 

Son Diego Center 
2180 Garnet Ave .. Suite 2D 
Pacific Beach 92109 
(619) 27Oa10 
M.L McNulty. Administrator 

............ " ...... "'.............. ." ............ . 

TRAVEL 

Caundl travel/QEE pIO'oIidel inlolmatlOll on studenl 
ChorIers. roilposws. int'l student !d' s, hostel cordi, 
lours for agel 18-35. WOIk and stud)l-progoms. and 
much more. Stop bV the Student Center 01 cal 452-
0030. (0/7) 
Daeln'l 33 days in Europe taUnng 7 countries ond 
including a 7 day auise 01 the Greek IsIcnds sound 
great? \/VeIl. oIs even b8IIer than thatl Coil AdrIan for 
1nIormat1Orl on thl$sunvne(s trip. 457-0342 9>1. (2/21) 

LOST a FOUND 
LOIt - Woman's gold Buiovo watch. Wed oround 
4:30. • found. please retum. Sentimental \/OIue. 453-
7707. (2/27) -
LOit - blue and maroon jadlet. In HL i>ud. Monday 
2/13. "*- coil Mat at 279-8050. (2/21) 
loll woman's watch an 9-10 lOITl8Where ~ 
TOO8\I ~ S. and NCB (MuIr paklng 0 lOIs 
sentlmentol IIOlue pkQe COIl - 277-2307. (2/21) 
Found. A backpack in USB 302Q6, on 2/14 coil 7~ 
3721 1010011< for KevIn. (2/27) 
Found (before X-Mal break) a skaeboard in MUll 
paklng 101. ColI Koren, 453-9901 . (2/21) 
A votuoble book of altlclsm and ifr4)Ollant personal 
notes were lett on the fIont desk of Room HSS 1330, 
ofIElf the fitm clOss. Tuelday night, January 31 any 
informatIOn. cal .4594 for reloYOl'd. (2/21) 
LOST RING IN UCSO THEATRE ON 2/10AT PlAY TOOTH 
OF CRIME. VERY IMPORTANTI PLEASE CALL 277-2307. (2/27) 
LOit. In Wsl Balcony of gym - 0 n<Ny blue 
windbreaker. W found. please cal Raga at ~9970. (2/21) 
LOIIt in Bookstore on bocIcpock shell: noIebook bV 
Mead w/block COler enlWled "Sketch DIary." Inside 
ore ZElfoxed oopIIII 01 n'OJSic glued onto pages 
w/hona..n1tlen page numbEn & tWIe page. Also 2 
COIl1fJOIitions ." graded onolyIis popeI'. Need music 
for perfatmonca PIeaIe tum in to Music Dept. oIIice 
01 coil 421-9791 . Anita. (2/21) 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
WClgtXnIII - Don·t gel coughll Fri" 2/24 at 8& 10:30 
pm In usa 2722. 51 at lhe box otfice 01 door. (2/23) 
Gain experience in Career Pionnongl Become a 
PAL (poraprolesslonol liaison) for CP&P Center. 
Possible stipend OIIOilabie. iIIIore Info. at HL 1058. 
452-3750. (2/23) 

Color Blind? 

~~.~~~ 
It you are color blind we 

will pay you SS.OO per hour 
to participate in perception 
experiments on the nature 
01 color blindness. For more 
information contact: Kathy 
Purl or Al Nagy at 452-4162 

between 9:00 and noon. 

Business and 
Technical Majors 
Highly responsible positions 
for college seniors and 
graduates (through age 34) in 
financial and logistic support. 
The Navy Supply Corps needs 
highly qualified, dynamic 
individuals to lead and 
manage large inventory and 
financial networks. Salary 
$18,500· to start, $34,000 after 
4 years, Excellent benefits 
package. Need BAIBS, U.S, 
citizenship. Call Naval 
Management Programs, 293-
6746. 8 am - 4 pm. Monday 
through Wednesday. 

" rETHERS: Radical New Option In Space 
Iransportatlon" will De gillen bV Joe Corrall (NASA. 
JPL) on Ned. Feb. 22a16pm In UH2102. Take a break 
from SIud)Iond flndout what's going on "out there." (2/21 ) 
Ir s the votunt_ ewpeI'-'<:e 01 a tret1me ... Warren 
Catlege ORIENrATION lEADER. ApplIcations & 
information in [)eoo's 0fIlce 452-4731. Deadline: 
Wed. Feb. 22. (2/21) 
HEYI Show your SIIJt at MUIR CO/JEDY NIGHT on 
Morch 1 In the Cote. Auditions Feb. 23. 452-4200 for 
Into. (2/23) 
WorgJneJr. the rTlCNie. This Friday, S & 10:30 pm In 
USB 2722. 51 aI the box oIfIceandat thecloor. (2/23) 
ENGINEERS: Joe Corrol. a consuttont for NASA. JPL. 
Martin Marietta. will speak on "Tethers: RadIcol New 
option In Space rransportatlon" on 'Ned. Feb. 22 at 6 
pm in UH 2102. Refreshments olio. (2/21) 
Be a PAL (poropt'ct.IIonoI liaison) 8t gain 
valuable work eocperlence altha same lime! Wo/II. at 
the Coreer · Plonnlng & Placement Cent8l. 
AppIlcalions 8t more detolls available at Hl 1058. 
(2/21) 
So you wont to De a Muir HA? App$ ore roN 
OoIOilobie. Deadline Is 2/24. Call 452-4200 for info. (2/23) 

FOR SALE 
Solo S 15: Ice skat .. roller skates men's size 12 525/ rx 
4(}channet ca. anlenno $30. 45Q.9583. (2/23) 
Ford Pinto 1980 etCcetlent condijiOn. Only 33,00:> 
m .... New battery 0Ild til.. $2650. Coli Joel. '29tr 
7437. (2/27) 
FORD PINTO 1972. good bOdV. dependab4e, 30.00:> 
ma on rebuilt engine. S1 .JOO catJ 272-9179. (2/21) 
C~ No<ta, 73 350 V-S. pwr sla.ing. brakes, 
reasanoble condo S750 a oller. Catl Sue or 571-1754. (2/21) 
Apple 2p1us corrpulElf, 2 alves, IlG8 caiOt manijor, 
modem. &pIOn FX100 printer. 8 cord expansion box. 
rom cad, light pen, security system lor printer and 
oppte. in/er1oces, sallwarel Asking S4OO:l. Call Paul 
455-9866. (2/23) 
Colat M MagnOI/O>< 19'., inch. great picture, S95. 
Call Ken a Aliso at 457-5194 5 pm on. (2/21) 
SEIKO Pro. DIvers Walch for sole. DIvers JOO.m 
wat8l'proof test 57500 0b0 coli Brad 451).0531 . 
(2/21) 

~Torros Bullet automatic 2 speed. Only 6 
monlhs aid. S350 with 011 accessories. Coli 453-1524. (2/23) 
Retrlgerator - wMe, good cond~ion. great buy 
S1 10. Coli Ken or Alisa aI 452-5194 5 pm on. (2/21) 
Moving back to Mommy's sole: Teal< wall unit with 
Ilght-brldge. wooden desks - one roll-top. one nat. 
on unbillievaOlv beal-up dinette set that 
nonetheless is a good study toOle, COIfee table with 
glaSS top, 6' COUCh, o&w tv sal, lheIe's prol:lObly 
more but I forget. Call222-1717forprlces - brutally 
cheap. (2/23) 
Maui Soils 58 sq. ft. vertical paneloo my.OI SUIT SQ •. 
5150 Call .lock 452-0479. (2/21) 
Must Sell: speokefS, Ullralinear 2-WO/, S' woofer/2" 
tweeter. SJO/poir. 453-~1 . (2/21) 

HOUSING 
Univ Cty. Charming 3bd' 200 houM. Canyon view. 
Wlh/dtv. lMt. Female only. NonsmoIcet. 453-6717 
eve. (2/21) 
Quiet, .noua and considerate male roommate 
wanled to share mastElf ~oom. WoodIondI 
Natth. oaoea trom Ralphs. Furnished condo wtth 
tennil. pool. jacuzzL gaoge. $250 plus 1/3 utM. CoIl 
Morc 453-3850. (2/23) 
Ooiremont I'd. Most. Bdrm. w/a.fn both 1 or 2 
famae 1 lot $235: 2 shOIe will split. AvoiloOte roN. 
571-6839. (2/21) 
Wonled: lemale roanvnate 10 shOIe roam $200 ptus 
1/3 utWWies. Broadmoor condos on GlirTlOl'l Dr. 45Q. 
0415. (2/23) 

SERVICES 
WaID PROCESSING: Speedy service. Pickup " 
dellYery on compus. CoIl ArO( at 279-8056. (3/15) 
Typing. 'NOrd ptocelSing. cauelte trClIlOIptIol. 
Quality WOIk at reasonable rat.. La .Jolla. Sondv, 
459-581& (2/27) 
UNWANTED HAIR IlEM<MD PERIIMNENTL Y near 
ccrnpus. La Jolla ~afeIsIonaI CantElf, 8950 Villa La 
.Jolla Dr SuIte 1100-C CoIl for oppl 457-4039. (0/7) 
rerm papeI$ - "- - dissertations. Law rat .. fast 
seMce. pro-rype. ~6860. La .JotIo. (0/7) 
Typrngl NOId ProceIsIngI Rush )0061 TElfm papers, 
11'_. 18IIIJmIII, transcription. JennWer 274-5005. 
(0/7) 
Stor iNatds typing & word prOClllSing. Student 
pcplIs. thea 9580 Bik. Mtn. Rd. Sune 0 578-4041. (2/23) 
Lose weight nowl 1(}'20 pounds In 1 month. Ail 
natura 1(X)'1; guorontee. Call your nutritional 
consuttonts nowl Fronk 272-'291401 Steve 222-9023. 
TYping - TElfm popen - IhIIIes - resumes. PB oreo. 
CarOle. 483-9109 da,ls/evenings. (3/1) 
TYPING - 51 per page dlscounl Kinko's CopIes La 
Jolla IIIllage Square 232-9797. (3/15) 
TYPING: Fast/ Accurate/ReosonabIe/Dissertotions/ 
Term Popers/Theses/llesumes/Editlngjllush 
Jobs/265-7537. (2/27) 
Experienced Typist - Te<m papers. manuscripts. 
thesis. dissellatlOnL S1 page doutlie spoce-Oei Mar 
Cleo-coII9<I8nings - Betty 755-4n9. (2/21) . 
Exceplionol typing. 011 klndS. Super IBMII. Fast, 
precise. spetllng. 5 min. away. Morlann 45Q.1138. (3/15) 
TYPING: IBM IlUSH JOBS term papers IhIIIes 
dissertalioru editing 453-0650 (9\le) 452-5188. (0/7) 
TYPING/ WRO !'ROC - Theses/Diss/Popen -
Expel'. oil format - Reasonable Rates - No. County 
720-3087. (3/15) 
High qualily, fast and accurate typing with IBM III at 
special rale for students. Same day service. 10yeors 

~. Call Fery 452-1393 anytime. (2/21) 

r-'SOFT CONTACT LENSES-" 
I 
I '89 Daily Wear Soft ., 59 Extended Wear Soft 
I CO"'l>lete. Complete 
I rl!Q. SI69 & up 1°2-T Lenses/ 11!Q. $300 & up (Bausch & Lomb/ 
: Complete Includes: Eye Exam. Fitting. Follow-up Visits. Care-Kit 
: . If _'re not ~ IoweIt. telr us who III Offer good wtth this caupon through 3/1/". 
I Dr. Sleven Grossman Opto .... by 481-2277 
I 243 No. Hwy. 101 /The Boardwalk) OPEN 
I Suite 8. Solana Beach Monday--Friday. 11-6 ~---------------------------------~ 

..,. 



Academic Services 
'NaDAY-nlDAY 
.10 _4100 .... - PAl C~ences - Don't spend 
more time stU<¥ng than necessaryl ~Ie a one-to-
one PAl (personal as51St.Ylce for learning) conference to 
streamline your studYing. The conferences will deal WIth 
}OUr course mill~lals concerns Indudlng reading 
COfllll'ehenSlQ(1, me!TlOI)' control. leaure notetaklng. and 
test preparatlOl1. as well as how to ma-lage your time. 
handle stress, concentrate better, and overcome 
procrastinatlOl1. Sponsored by the OASIS ~ading and 
StuOj Skills Center. In USB 4010. 
.... _4100 .... - OASIS Writing Center olfers free 
seMCe for all UCSD students who ~ pre-wnring help, 
conferences on aal'ts, and edrtlng adliK:e. We engage any 
kind of wntlng and all)' kind of wrltlf19 prOOlem. 
Conferences are by appointment only. Evening 
appointments are now also available In OASIS Third l'Llce 
at Third College. (For the full range of servICes see back of 

concentratIOn IS one of the most dllYicult and ~lStent 
protllc!ms college students face. ThIs workshop Identifies 
the factors that disrupt learning. and prOlllde proven 

t~hniques for combatting these problems. !..rarn how to 
p~ out your maximum effort when you want tol 
Sponsored by OASIS ~adlng & StuOj Skills Center. In the 
Student Center Bldg. S, Conf. Rm 
,..4100 .... - Finding The Hidden Job Market. 00% 
of all vacanoes are UnadvertiSed. This workshop will teach 
you a w~ to find out about them. In the ~lIe Formal 
Lounge. 
T'HUIISDAY 
9100 _ - Excellent work experience IS available to you 
thIS summer to help WIth you career goals. Summer 
Internships available through AsSOCiated Students 
Internship Office. Deadlines for appliCations are April 13 
(Calif.), April 27 (San DIegO). Come In art)'tlme 9-3. l\bcNe 
the gameroom. 
M.4IOO .... - Interested In the health pro~1OrlS7 
20 ITlInutes prIVate appointments for career planning 
advice tor students Interested in health careers. Call In 

T 

The Weekly 
Calendar 

Fall Schedule). Call 452-2284 or come by Usa 4010 to 
make an appointment ThIs seMCe IS available throughout 
the quarter. 
9100 .... pm - Grammar Moses Hotline - 1\ 
grammar hot/lne ptlone-In SeMCe for netp WIth cialOrl. 
grammar and punauatlon problems. To reach Grammar 
Moses, call 452-2284. Sponsored by the OASIS Writing 
Center. SeMce iWclllable throughout the quarter. 
11»4100 ..... - Drop-In-Hours. For qUIck questIOns 
pertaining to career planning. JOb rontlng. resume 
cntlqueng etc. For more Indllilwal attention Sign-Up or 
call 452-3750 for an appointment with an acMsor. In 
Career f!IamIng HL 105& 
n.SDAY 
9100 _ - The AS Internship office IS olrPrlng Internstips 
for summer. We have Internships In marl)' fields . 
computers. englneenng, politICal soence. VISUal arts and 
many more - Our deadlines are approaching: California 
!\pr. 13. San DIego Apr. 27. Our office IS located above the 
game room at the stucient center. 
10100-11100_ - The l..1nguage Program Lrvef I & II -
ThIS OASIS progam foaJses on the thinking skills )'00 
need to successfully handle the reading and wntlng tasks 
asSIgned In your courses . It IS desl9fled for those who 
want to ~ their English 1af9Jage skills. LP classes are 
taugtt by reading and Wl'lting Specialists and bI~ngual 
tutors, LP IS presented by the OASIS writing Center and 
the OASIS ~adlng Center. In USB 4010. 
10100 _ ._ - Memo!y Control - If forgetting 
InformatIOn IS somethIng)'OU can do WltI'loUt. don't ITlISS 
this workshopl \XIl!'1I cover the fllInd power techrlIques 
knoINn as mnemcncs (assooauons, VlSUallZatlOrl, and key 
word pegs) and talk about how to stuOj for total recall. 
Sponsored by the OASIS ~adlng & Study SkIlls Center. 
TCH 141. 
101»11110 _ - Law/MB.A. AdvISing. Law ()I: MB.A. 
school group adlllSing hours for any questions concerrwng 
the applicatIOn for law school or MB.A. programs. see the 
Pre-Law/Management advisor on an Informal basis. No 
appointments necessary, Out It IS advisable to call first at 
452-4939 If open hours are being held In the Student 
Center Bldg. I\. 
11100 _ .- - Interviewing Skills Workshop. Do 
you ~ help In preparing for JOb Interviews. Some tipS on 
the best ways to present )'OUr QualificatIOns and what kind 
of Interview questlOl1S to expect In the Revelle Formal 
Lounge. 

~1I00 ..... - The French I.I'lorkshop IS designed 
mainly for students who are Writing papers or other class 
asSIgnments In French. Students not working on specific 
papers, but who would like (0 perfea their writing ability 
In French, are also welcome. The workshop Will offer a 
unique opportunity for students (0 edit their OIIIIn papers, 
and seek construO!Ve crltlOsm from their peers. It Will also 
prolllde darlficatlOl1 of grammar, mechanICS, and sentence 
and paragraph struaure. Pre-writing diSCUSSIOns, when 
necessary. will be conduaed In French. Students may 
attend on regular or OCcasIOnal oasiS In USB 4070. 
2=-JIOO pm - The OI\5IS GM (Grammar & 
MechanlcsJ Workshop IS deslgfled for students who 
v..ould like (0 work on clarllylng basIC grammatical 
concepts and categories, and applying them In extensIVe, 
systematIC series of praalcal exerclses.1\n exerose manual 
to be purchased by the student \Mil be used.NI work Will 
be completed In the context of the workshop. In USB 
30300. 
2=-):10 pili - UCLI\ School of I'IJbllc Health 
I\d'nISSlOns representative Will be In Career Planning and 
Placement, Student Center 1\ office. (upstairS aOove 
Assorted Vnyf) allll1ll1ted. 
21»"" pm - Drop-In adviSing open sesSion for Pre-
Medical and Pre-Dental students. No appointment 
necessary, OUt It IS advisable to call first to confirm that the 
sessIOn Will be held. In the Health SCIences I\dvIsory 
Program Career Planning & Placement Center. StUd. Ctr. 
Bldg. A 452-4939. 
WEDNESDAY 
91.,0100 _ - The OI\5IS GM (Grammar & 
M~ICSJ I.I'lorkshop IS designed for students who 
lMluld like (0 work on clarifying basIC grammatical 
concepts and categories, and applying them In extensive, 
SystematIC series of praalcal elCeroses.1\n exerCise manual 
to be purchased by the student WIll be used. 1\11 w ork Will 
be completed In the context of the workshop In USB 
30300. 
91» 11100 _ - Drop-In adviSing In open sessIOn for 
Pre-Medical and Pre-Dental students N o appointment 
necessary. bullllS advisable (0 call first (0 confirm that the 
session Will be held In the Health SCIences I\dvlSOI)' 
Program - Career Planning & Placement Center, StUd. 
Ctr. Bldg. I\. 452-4939 
10100.11100 .111 - On-Campus-Interviewing 
OrientatIOn. If you are Interested In partICipating In the 
on-campus IntelVlewlng thiS Quarter. It IS mandatory that 
you attend one of these Orientations before you Interview 
In the Revelle Formal Lounge. 
2JOO.):5O pm - Graduate I\dvlslng Seminar. Planning 
orl graduate school? l-or InformatlOl1 on application 
procedures. letters of recommendatIOn, ~tatement of 
purposes and admiSSIOns Cllterld, attend one ot these 
seminal'S by Sl9I'lIng up at Career Planning & Pldcement 
Center Student Ctr Bldg. 1\ o r call 452-4939 
2JOo. JIOO pm - Resume Writing IXIOrkshop Learn how 
to write an effecuve Resume Start the process here tlleI1 
have your re~ume cntlQued by a Career Planning & 
Placement d<Msor 1\ must for on-campus Interviewing. In 
the Revelle Formal LouI'lgte 
2 ............. - H<.lw to Concentrate At Will - E:ver 
wonder why }QU can t study when you plan to' Lack of 

~ance for appointment. but no ear~er than one week. 
Health SCIences l\dvlsory Progam 452-4939. In the 
Student Center Bldg. A 
I'IItDAY 
..... .. hOO _ - The I..1nguage Program ~II , II -
ThIS OASIS program focuses on the thinking skills )'OU 
need to successfully handle the reading and wrltlrlg tasks 
asSigned In your courses. It IS desl9fled for those who 
want to per~ their EnglISh laf9Jageskllis. LPdassesare 
tau!11t by reading and Wl'lting specialists and bikngual 
tutors. LP IS presented by the OI\SIS ~adlng & writing 
Center. In USB 4010. 
10100-11100 _ - Your Skills - Your Career. ThIs 
workshop helps )'OU IdentI~ and artICulate your skills -
and relate them to partICular car~. In the RlNelIe Formal 
Lounge. 
lOa» 1114S _ -Interested In the health prO~1OI1S 7 
20 ITlInutes prIVate appointments for career plarnng 
adliK:e for students Interested In health careers. Call In 
advance for appointment. but no earker than one week. 
Health SCIences I\dvlSOI}' Progam 452-4939. In the 
Student Center Bldg. A 
, ... ZrOO ..... - On-<:ampus-lnteMeWlng 0nentar1Ol1. 
If you are Interested In the on-campus InteMeW1l1Q this 
~, It IS mandatory that you attend one of these 
onentarlOns before you intervIeW. In the RI!YetIe Formal 
Lounge. 

Lecture 
_aDAY 
JIOO .... - I.I'lomerl's Resource Center coffee hours 
returnl ThIS Wed1esdoI)' meet Dr. KrIStin Luker and discuss 
"l\bortJon .xj the AJIItIa of MotherhoOdl" 1\11 ~, 
refrestments ~. In the ~men's Reource Center. 
JIOO .... - "Careers In Health. PUblic. BusIness. and I 
Ec1Icatlon I\drnnlstratlOl1". Pro~s In these ~ 
WIll discuss their careers & e<iJcatIonaI preparation 
reqUIred for entry. In the North Conf Room. Student' 
Center. 

6100 pm - " TETHERS. Rddlcal New Option In Space 
TransportatIOn" Will be gIVen by.Joe Carroll,l\consultant 
for NI\Y\. Martin Marietta, & JPL. Sponsored by the 
Mechanical EnQlneerlng Club In UH 2102 
THURSDAY 
2100 pm - "c..areers In Vlsuall\rts" Explore troe exCiting 
career worlds of film-making. llldeo, design & fine arts 
With it panel o f VI SUd I dfts professlCindls. In the North Cont. 
Rm . Student Center 
2100.):20 pm - The Uroan Studies and Planning 
Program IS pleased to ~nce guest leaurer Bnan 
Bllbray Will be VISIting USP 105 Uroan Stu~s In the u.S -
MeXIcan Border Region In HSS 2333. Bnan Bllbray. M¥r 
of the City of Imperial BeaUl, Will speak on the problem of 
Tyuana sewage Spills In the South Bay Region. Call 452-
3690 With Questions 
2:10 pm - "ProfesSlorldl Careers In Nutntlon & 
Detetlcs" A ~peClal tour of tile Dept of Nutrition & 
DietetICs to I telp you e~plore w hat d career In the 
proft'SSlon erltdl l~ LoCdtIOn to oe annoUIl(.ed For Inlo ort 
rlde-sllilrlng call 4!>2-49J9 
JIJo.4cJO pm - UNIS Teaching- learning Semlndrs 
present Dr Mlchdel Addison. Provost, Watren College 
and lormer chdlr~erson, DrdrTId Dept , wno Will talk atlOut 
teaUllng I>SUes and I liS extJenences as an educator In U Ie 
NortH &. SouUt Conference Rooms 81dg 8 . Student 

c..entL~ 
6100 pm - ldser Insutute o f I\nlened general meeting 
Guesl speakers Dr RocXle)' Frehllch (UCSU) and Dr Udll 
MaSsey I [)SU) Will spedk on ldser Prupdgduon dnd 

Phot~learon rncroscopy. Old and new mem~s please 
attend. Ilefreshments served. In PH 103. 
..... DAy 
.2100 pm - I.I'lomen·s Resource Center cortee hours 
COntinue WIth Dr. Lola Ross on "Prol~ssionahsm and 
Fl!ITlInlnll)'r ' Ilefreshments served - all -'<:orne. In the 
,",men's Resource Center. 

Other 
ruUOAY 
- 4Jcike Pnotograp~ Studio 9IVes you the chance to 

order prOfesSIOnal portraits. These WIll be taken oetll\leen 
Feb. 29 & Mar. 2. Cost 01 SII. 95 Includes a choICe oetll\leen 
6-B poses. Sponsored by the ShaoItn Kung-Fu Cluo. In the 
Revelle Plaza. 

Organizational 
Meetings 
MONDAY 
....... Il10 .... - Women lD\IIng 'IA:)IT~n: weeIcIy 
dlscuSSlOl1 group otrenng peer support. ciSCUSSlOf'l of 
SOCial and po/ItlClll ISSUe5 and personal relating. Co-
sponsored by lI\GO and the ,",men's Resourcr Center. 
In the ,",merl's Resource Cent~. 
'NaDAY 
IlOO .... -1\ support goup IS being formed br women 
sulrPnng from PMS (pre-menwual synaome) WIIh peer 
counselors ill the Women's Resource Center. AUIM!/cDfne. 
WBJNaDAY 
... ,.. - UnK>n of JrwlSh Students meeting we IMII be 
ciscuSSlng ~, elections. and alendaring for Spring 
~. CNnged from 6:30 to 6:00. In the ~ Formal 
Lounge. 
s. ,... - MechanIcal Engineefng Club Spe~ 
~ -.Joe Carrol. consultant for ~ JPl & others 
WIll adci'ess " Tethers: Radical Nc!w ~ In Space 

Tr~IOI1." Rrlreshments will be -'able. In UH 
210l. 
7 ........... -Gay men's support goup contInUes to 
meet ~ evenngs. This IS an InforrniI disCUSSIOn 
group for students. staIf, and facuIly. Nrw mem~s 
v.e!come. Sponsored by vc.o. In TCHS 141. 
7100 .... -1\ women's general support goup WIN 1TII!ft. 
In the IMlmen's Resource Center. 
7100 .... - CoIIrge ~bIICan Gt!nrral Meetlng. In the 
Mnnsuatlllr C~ lilA 
711e .... -Impottant 0Iientari0n ~ for ~ 
InterrUed In taking "Wtlderness and Human 
Values" (c.1.2OI this spong. SlIde show and prl!Serltat'~ 
In HSS 2250. 
7110 ..... - Regular meeting of the La..bHa Democratic 
Club. BOb Slrnmons. Pr~ of Law at usa, preserw.s hIS 
candIdac)' for the 41st CongreSSIOnal DislnCt, contra Btll 
Lowery. R~ Encumllent In the Cort1r"-lnlty Room. 
La ..bIIa \Allage Square ShoppIng Mall. 
P'IIIDAY 
........ - Yes toIks It IS I: Your favorite form of 
enrertanml!nt: Don't JUSt read this. come andJOln us. We 
won't pressure)lOU. iJIter all. v.e are here ecdusNeIy IIor 
your ~ ~ We ITII!ft Fnday's In !\PM 
2113. 

SerVicesjWorkshops ' 
'NaDAY-flRlDAY 
9100 _ .-• ,''',,''' - HilS the "corrmon 
cold" beer1 ailQljlng)'OU down 7 Do )'OU knOw your own 
blood pressure 7 Do you know the truth about your slun 7 
Stop to the Bod)' Shoppe and learn about colds. 

~ensIOn, and skin care. In the Student Health ServIces 
downstatrs main lobby Mlnda)'-Fnd~. 
MONDAY 
2 ... .,10 ..... -EVE group is abehiMorai management 
\.YeIght loss progam open to UCSD women students. Its 
title "EVE" IS to point up the dllYiculty the IN afternoon 
and evening hours pose for those who are trying to rnodI~ 
their woeigtt. l\ttentlOl1 will be paid (0 Willeges for 
copIflg WIth these times, IMth stress, WIth bad habtts and 
other faaors whICh promote O\IeI'eaang. Group mem~s 
IMII set goals and rewards based on ~ chiJnge 
strategies such as food exc:hangr plans. relalCatlOrl, 
homework and peer support. Meets weekly at the Warren 
College Outback cafe. Contaa faolltators Bev HarjU at 
452-3987 or Tmllie R:lrter at 452-3035 to Sign up. 
TUESDAY 
NDo& 1100 ..... - Do you want to know more about 
SexUality and birth control7 If so, atter1d the birth control 
InformatIOn sesSion on etther Tuesday or Wednesda)'. 
Both male and female students are welcome. Session IS 
Strongly suggested for Women's ClinIC patients and their 
partners. Lecurette and ciSCUSSIOl1 format. In the Student 
Health ServICes UpStairs lounge area. 
JJOO.SIOO ..... - Campus Black Forum - This IS an 
Informal dlscuSSlOrl group centered on ISsues, concerns 
artd the Quality of life of the Black community at UCSD. It IS 
an open. ongoing group, and students can JOIn at Ml)' 
time. /'hll Raphael and Rochelle Bastien, Counseling and 
Psychok>gIcal ServICes, faolitators. Meets In the Mt View 
Lounge of the ThIrd College II.partmerlts. Students who 
v..ould like more informatIOn CM'I call either PhIl at 452-
3035 or Rochelle at 452-3755; CXherWlSe they can JUst 
show up at the meetings. 
WEDNDDAY 
11»10100 _ - Re-entry Students' Support Group -
This group IS designed for re-entry men and ~ 
undergrac1Jte students to have the opportUnity to ihare 
concerns related to their transitIOn Into the acade!nlc 
v..orld. The group prOllldes a w~ to make contaa IMth 
other o lcler student In d caring envrronmenr. Led by 
Miriam IoSUpOlllO and ChriS Osterloh. Mefts In HL 1003. 
Students should call Becca at 452- 3 755 to sign up. 

~11OO ..... - Self Esteem artd Career Oriented 
I.I'lomen - This IS Part Two of the workshop senes 
Successful Str dteges for the Career Development of 
Women. The w()I:kshop Will present Ideas to build self-
esteem artd conhdence. We WIll also ciscuss how we m.ty 
be afraid of failing and stopplny ourselves from tdklng 
rISks The workstlOp will dlso focus on how our 
~OClalizatlon .IS IMJmeo In thiS culture may have In"uenced 
us to be pasSive and not take the InitiatIVe In our lIVes. 
O ffered by lori Kolt. Ph.D .. PsychologICal ServICes. Open 
to .III UCSO women students call 452-3755 for more 
InformatIOn In the North Conference Room. Student 
Center 
THURSDAY 
IJOO.Jloo pm - Peer Counseling Grou~ for ttlOse 
Recovering from Edtlng Disorders (RED II) the mdln focus 
of tI~s yroup Will be to train students who dfe retOYerlny 
from compulSive eating habits or bouts With eating 
disorders to oec01l1e peer counselors TopiCS Will Include 
learning dbout various eating problems, Including pt¥ICdI 
ana emotlOndl dSpects After d periOd ot tr <lining, grou~ 
memberS Will prOVide peer counseling and eduCatlondl 
selVlces to oll ler U( SO students, as well as prOVIde mutu,ll 
i Upport and encourqment Some funding m~ be 
dIIalldble tor pef'r counseling Offered by Bev HarjU dl1d 
Bob 8arrett ej( Counseling ana Psychologllal ~ICes 
Interes ted students st10Uid Cdll either of ttlem dt 4 ~2-3987 
for Info and Sign up 

~Y 
". _1100 .... -Bod)' ConnectIons Group - The ~ of tm goup IS to achiI!IIe lifestyle rnanagemI!nt and 
stress rec1lction ttYougllliglt aerObIc exerose. nutr/bondI 
analysis. ~ malnteNnce. reIalcatIon and seIt-
h)'pnosts. 9)' praalClng healthful habits togettwr. students 
c.Y1 ~ a comfort WICh their ~ 1I'IIq. thetr 
weight. thrIr ~ ot stress and attain a rNSOnab1y t10Iisbc 
lifestyle. Led by 8N HarJU. CounsNlg and Ps)d101ogIcaI 
SeMces and DaJym Profitt. SWdent Health SeMce. ~ 
at Student Health. Open to UCSD students. Call IIrv at 
452-3987 or DaI)'nn at 452-2419 for Info and to stg1 up. 
, .......... -Enhancing ~ Skllls Group - Mftt 

rlf!W rnerxa. dI!veIop and mpr~ InterpersonaJ and SOCIal 
skills ttYOtJgl present.1tJOr1 and practice In a friendly, 
supportive group amospherr. Led by Or. Stelle Br~ arid 
BoD Irwl of Ps)<h%gIcaJ Sl!Mces. Open to all UCSDmen 
and women students who ldentl~ WIth betng ~ or 

r~. ~ In HlIOO3. Interested slUdents please call 
StNlt _ 452-3755 to Sl9I1 up. 

Religious Functions 
~Y-MiDAY 
SIOD PIlI - Catholic Mass. Sponsored by the Catholic CcII'rVrIu'*Y at UCSD. In the \..hIIerSlty Lutheran CI'k.Irch. 
IIOflDAY 
,..,.. - Catholics, Lutherans and EpIscopalIanS meet 
In COYenant C~ for ecumenical pYnnIng. In the 
l.oungr of U'IIIIerSlty Lutheran Ouch 
waNIIMY 
.... ... - Supper sponsord by Lutheran Students. 
ro/Jowed ~ 8iD1e s&uOf on I Corinthians. In the tDur9 of 
Itlr IJ'Wenjty &..ucneran et.Jrch. 
,... ........ - Ina!r-~ ChnsUl FefIowsh/p: 
To,. v.e WIll Dr disaIsstng the ~ of qui« 
tImeS as wellfepare for HA8AKKUJ(J Come for a good tme 
of slr9ng; sta'ing. and stuc¥ng God's word. ~ is 
~ - hope to 5« )'OU there. In the ReIIe11e 
ForrNI/lnbml1l.our9. Free. 
....... - '&p«ienCIng God In a Changing lIItlrIdand 
In a Chaf9r1gOUcn."ledbyCaf!llUSPastor ..ohnHuDer. 
In the I..OI.nge of the U'werSity Lutheran Ouch. 
, ........ -~ Mass. Sponsored by the 
canotIc COII'IrI1UI1ity at UCSD. In the Chapel at the 
U'1iverSlty LultW!riW'l Church. 

~Y 
..... 10100 _ - Episcopal CI'k.Irch IIbshlp SeMce. 

Su~ Eucharist and ParISh~. Good Sam.Y1tan 
Eptscopal OUch 4321 Eastgate Mall !\cross GenesI!e 
from east end of ~s. north of La Jolla \.111age Dr. 
IntersectIOl1 of Eastgate Mall and GenesI!e' 
.. _ - CatholIC Mass. Sponsored by the Catholic 
CommuniI)' at UCSD. In the ~ Lutheran Church. 
I .... _ - StDle stuOj on 2 Corinthians. led by Pastor 
..bhn Huber. In the Lounge of the UwerSity Lutheran 
Church. 
10lI0 _ - catholic Mass Sponsored by the Catholic 
Commurlty at UCSD. In the Student Center. Bldg. B. 
lower ~. Office of ReiIQlOUS I\ffatrs. 
II. _. 7100 .... - Lutheran IIbshlp SenIIces. In 
the c:Npe of the t..twerstty Lutheran Crorch. 
4100 ..... - Catholic Bible StuOf. Sponsored by the 
catholic CornmJnlty at UCSO. In the Office otthe Cathakc 
Lounge at the lillvefslty Lutheran Church. 
!IIOO pm - Catholic Mass. Sponsored by the Catholic 
Community at UCSO. In the lkwerSity Lutheran Church. 
.... .... - Dessert and ciSCUSSIOrl WIth Lutheran ~ace 
Fellowship. In the Fellowship Room, ULC. 
., ..... -Folk Mass. GoOd Samaritan Ep'scopal Crorch 
4321 Eastg.1te Mall. !\cross Geneser from east end of 
campus north of La Jolla Wlage Or. at Eastgate and 
Genesee. 

Entertainment 
MONDAY 
IlOO .... - Sold out concert: UB40. UEO & FatYl & Silva 
Presents. 
TWSDAY 
MO .... - Concert: Performer's Forum. Sponsored by 
the MUSIC Dept. In MCRH. Free. 
wmNDlMY 
7100 ..... - Theatre: "Mimosa I'IJdlCa" . :.ponsored by the 
Drama Dept. In the Triton PUb. !\Iso 2/23. Free. 
.... ..... - Concffl . Sonor. Sponsored by the MuSIC 
Dept. In MeA I\dmSSlOrl 53. St/S. SI. 
THURSDAY 
......... - lheatre: "Love's Labour's Lost". In the lXIetss 
Cerrter. I\Iso 2/24 and 2/25. 
IlOO ..... - FIlm. "Oas Boot". UEO. In MCI\. Free. 
NIDAY 
... 7100 ..... - COllcert. Hdmmer Smith. SCB. In the 
Pub. Free 
Il00. 10.10 pm - Film " War Games". RPU. In USB 
2722. SI. 
IlOO ..... - Film "Hannah K" CWD & UE:O In MCI\ 
Free. 
- Korean CUltural MoVie KI\SI\. In TLH 104 AdmisSion 
S2~, st. S2 
SAruRCMY 
11»2150 ..... - "Not ~o Sohd Earth Plate rettorllCS " 
dnd 'Tile SaIl Andreas Fault" Ocean Film ,efles 111 ScrIPP~ 
AqudflUIll Museum 
11»2aH pm - "TIle 8each, 1\ River of Sand dnd 
IKIhat IS d Blra I Ocean f 11m ~Ies In Stnpps l\4\JaI'lUIII 

Museum 
1100 pm - Uance PresentatIOn Jau Lilllmited ULO In 
MCI\ 
7100 pm-121OO __ - CdSlno Night 111 me Campus It'C. 
gym 
tIOO pm -8d11d ~wc.ue. ~ ~1Iy Ute MUSICians 
(lull In tile WIly Not Here I S2. 


