
We Offer ... 

* 01\E 
.. .. 9 

......... Elections 
• • 

o 

See story. page 7 . 
. 



Hard facts about world hunger will be 
revealed in the Ending Hunger Briefing 
on Saturday, April 14, from 9:30 am 10 
1:30 pm at the UC D Medical Teachers 
Fa ility, Room 275. Registration begins 
at 9 am, and a $10 donation 10 cover 
material cost will be requested For more 
information , call Yvonne Chambers at 
274-5406. 

D 
The physiological basis of 

premenstrual syndrome will be studied 
by Dr. Samuel S.c. Yen of the UCSD 
School of Medicine With the aid of a 
$261.000 three-year grant by the 
National Institutes of Health. Dr. Yen 
noted that between 20 and 30% of all 
women of reproducllve age suffer from 
PMS. which affects both the phYSical 
and psychological state of women 
during the second half of the menstrual 
cycle. 

D 
The Peace Corps will be on campus 

April 24 through April 27 10 disseminate 
Information about the volunteer program 
and recruit graduates to participate in 
the program. All organizatlons interested 
In a shOll presentation are invited to 
the Informatlon Table at the hump, April 
24 and 25 from 10 am 10 3 pm. 

D 
The Rape Crisis Center, a project of 

the Center for Women's Studies and 
Services (CWSS). is stalling a group for 
female rape Victims to begin on April 
21. The group will meet on Saturday 
mornings, from 9:30-11 .00 at CWSS, 
located at 908 E Street, downtown San 
Diego. For more information , call Laune 
Ford at 233-8984. 

D 
San Diego Democrats will gather on 

Saturday, April 14, for the County 
Democratic Convention. Political leaders 
throughout the state, including 

1968 ... 
The assaSSination of Dr. Mallin 

Luther King had a deep and profound 
effect upon members of the UCSD 
academiC community. Classes were 
cancelled Friday b), order of UC 
President Hitch, and a rail), was held on 
the Plaza that morning. Chancellor 
Galbraith wid the students that King's 
dream IS far from realization: "The time 
IS upon us when all Blacks and whites 
must take action to translate his dream 
IntO reality." 

1969 ... 
Chancellor Wilham McGill's 

inauguration comes today not Without 
any opposition from local forces. 
Perhaps the most visible evidence of 
thiS appeared as a full-page 
advertisement In Wednesday's San Dlcgo 
UnIOn (costing $1800). In the ad, the 
"Citizens to End Campus Anarchy" 
called for the Regents to "withhold the 
inauguration of NlcGllI pending I their l 
investigation ." 

1970 ... 
AsSOCiated Students President Jeff 

Benpmln announced today that the 
Senate will consider a reviSIOn of the AS 
Constltutlon at its Wednesday meeting 
The proposed redraft of the 
Constltutlon would eliminate the 
present system of senatonal 
representation and replace It With a 
commissioner plan, whereb}' off! ers 
would be elected to do speCIfic Jobs 

Congressman Jim Bates. Lt. Gov. Leo 
McCarthy and state Senate President 
DaVid Robeni , are slated to speak. The 
convention will begin at 10 am. 
Reglstranon fees paid alter April 1 are 
$15. For more Information, call am 
Appleby at 283-7392. 

o 
A potential male contraceptive has 

been Isolated in human semen and 
s),ntheslzed by teams of researchers in 
Montreal and an FranCISCo. The 
substan e, inhibm, is a protein 
produced naturally by the testes in men. 
h suppresses a hormone that stimulates 
production of spe rm, and thus is hkely 
to inhibit sperm reproduction . Since the 
substance is produced naturally, 
SClentlsts suspect that Impotence will 
not be a side effect. 

o 
Professor of latin Americ.an History 

at the University of Texas at Austin, 
Richard Slnkin , Will address the World 
Affairs CounCil of San Diego on 
Thursday, April 26, concermng the 
future stability of Mexico's political 
system. A coffee reception is scheduled 
for 7:30 pm. The meeting will be held at 
8 pm at Forum Hall in the University 
Towne Centre, and is open 10 the 
public . Reservations may be made 
through the CounCil olTtce by calling 
231-Olll. 

o 
The cancer-causing potential of 

substances In our environment will be 
discussed In a lecture by professor and 
chairman of the BIOchemistry 
Department at UC Berkeley Bruce Ames. 
Dr. Ames, who originated the test which 
detects carcinogens and mutagens In air 
pollution, cigarette smoke and water 
supphes, among other substances, Will 
be speaking at Garren Auditorium on 
the first floor of the BaSIC cience 
Building tonight at 8 pm. 

1971... 
"I hereby challenge Diddo Clark, Paul 

Kaufman and any other preSidential 
aspirants to a public debate to bc held 
the week before elections. The students 
have the fight to know the candidates. 
And no candidate who refuses 10 
publicly debate IS fit for oITlCe ," declared 
A presidential candidate Karl Keating, 
who IS trying to upset a student 
government "establi shment" that he feels 
has Ignored or opposed student wishes 
lor four years. 
1972 ... 

"We h.lve a university system that is 
400 years out of date ," according to 
Margaret Mead. Dr. Mead , the world-
famous anthropologist, told th e TnttJll 
TUIiCS thiS In a press conference last 
w~'ek . 

1973 ... 
0n Monday, April 16, one of the 

foremost journalists in the United States 
will speak on the theme of "Nature of 
Freedom: Ongln , Philosophy, and 
NecesSIty." I.F. Stone , for 19 years the 
editor and publisher of I.F. StOIlC 'S 
Weehly, will be speaking In the Revelle 
Formal Lounge On Plwert)' . Stone 
commented , "There IS no excuse for 
poverty 111 a SOCiety which can spend 
580 hilllon ,1 year 011 its war machine: 

1974 .. . 
fhe Chancellor yesterd.1Y approved a 

UCSQ CommUnIC<1t1l111 Board 
recommend.ltlon to dismiss D<1\·lc.I 

As the AS representative to the Instltutional Self· Study and Evaluation 
Committee, I. Michael Goodheim, feel that it is my responSibility to make sure 
that the students know what UC D will be judged on and what will be taking 
place for the next two years to prepare lor the Western AsSOCiation of Schools 
and Colleges visit. I think that this article serves that purpose . 

The quotes are taken from the WASCs Handbook of AccreditatIOn (Revised 
March 1982). 

I overheard a conversation the other day, assumably be[Ween someone new 
to our University and a senior. The newcomer thought that a professor was 
changing grading criteria in the middle of a course and he wondered If the 
professor could do that. The senior believed that professors could do anything 
they wanted with grades. The puzzled newcomer then asked where he could 
find a list of student rights. Once again, I heard that common refrain, "I have 
been here four years and have never seen a hst of student rights." There is 
nothing surprising about this , sirrce no such list is supplied to students on such 
vital subjects as grade appeals, student employee rights , student diSCipline and 
student conduct. 

Currently, a self-study IS in progress to evaluate UCSD in preparation for re-
accreditation in 1986. Here are some of the standards UCSD must meet for 
accreditation: 

I) "The institution provides all students with clear statements of institutional 
expectations ... and assures them the right of due process and redress of 
grievances." 

2) "Credit is awarded consonant with student learning or achievement and is 
based on generally accepted norms .. . " 

3) ' Procedures and criteria for faculty and staff .. . due process clauses are 
explicitly stated, published , accessible to all faculty and staff.. .. Policies on 
salaries are clear, well publiCized , and equitably admimstered." 

4) "Clear and publicized policies on student rights , student conduct, student 
discipline and due process are available to all students." 

Most of you, I'm sure, have found these standards to be violated on a regular 
baSIS. Most student employees don 't know that they can receive a raise after one 
year and 1260 hrs. or that they can me grievances JUSt like regular staff members. 

Most students (and a large number of professors) don't know that there is 
only one grade appeals system sanctioned by the Academic Senate. For those of 
us who do know about this system, we know that its due process clauses are 
faulty, the criteria for appeals are suffiCiently ambiguous that nearly all appeals 
can be denied without a hearing and that the checks on the system are so weak 
that professors violate the system quarterly, without reproach. 

I'm sure that most students don't realize that Ds are being offered to Sludents 
who have achieved Cs in some courses so that students can rttake those 
courses to achieve minimum grade requirements . Of course, this has a tendency 
to raise curves in a class and put students who are taktng a course for the first 
time at a disadvantage. And finally, for the newcomer I spoke of at the beginning 
of this micle, thill professor cannot change the weights of teStS or grading scales 
in midstream to the disadvantage of any student. 

It is pOSSible that this self-study will help to correct some of our problems. As 
the undergraduate representative to this endeavor, 1 sincerely hope that it does. 
But both professors and students alike must give tbeir input to the At:ademic 
Senate and the administration for any honest self-study to take place. A review 
of the grade appeals system is in order. There must be a comprehensive attempt 
at publicizing student rights. This self-study could be that thing which 
overcomes student apathy. Let's start by publicizing the self-study. 

Buchbinder as Edltor-m-Chief of the 
Triton Times. The action resulted from 
controversy over the April 2 Issue of thIS 
newspaper, which contained several 
stOries that prompted complaints of 
racism and msensltlvity to Third World 
students on cum pus. 

1975 ... 
The Assembly Ways and Means 

Subcommittee on Edu allon has 
approved a $1.1 milllon s~te 
appropriations for the University's 
Education Opportunity Program (EOP). 
The subcommittee 'llso agreed to require 
the University to make a statement 01 
Intent to bnng minonty representation 
In EOP up to parity With mlnonty 
representation in the state's high school 
senior classes. 

1976 ... 
"Informatlon is power and the 

PreSidency ha~ more mformation 
available than any Other Institution." 
said Pulitzer Prize winner David 
Halberstam Tuesda)' night. Accordmg to 
Halberstam . the media - which he 
defmes largely a~ the three netwurks 
and the dimlnishmg pnnt press -
deCides whal is news. 

1977 ... 
Campus bookstore manager ['.lul 

Mares says he knows one group not 
responSible lor the high \.'OSt of 
textbooks: the bookstore . "We t.lke the 
prices nght ofT thl' inVOice from the 

- Michael Goodheim 

publishers, just as most of the college 
bookstores around the country do," 
Mares said. 

1978 ... 
The administration is conSidering a 

proposal that would approx Ill1ately 
double parking fees for UC ' 0 students, 
faculty and staff over the next three 
years, the Tnton Tlllles has lea rned . The 
proposal would use the mcreased 
parking fees to fund the construction of 
at least one parking garage al the 
UCSD-operated University Hospital In 
Hillcrest. 

1979 ... 
Students who take a lunch llme break 

on the hump across from the 
gymnasium will soon hear the sound 01 
musIc dnfting from outSide speakers set 
up by UCSD's radiu station, KSDl . 
KSDT, which normally broadcasts only 
to cahle subscrihers. will u e a se panlte 
system to air music and public 
announcements beginning sometlme 
tillS quallCr. 

1980 ... 
U ~D's dominance of West Coast 

sll1all college \'olle}'ball ended 
Wednesda)' when the NAIA took ItS nets 
and went home. The Intercollegiate 
organlzallon body has .1nnl)Unced that it 
will not hold the championships 
because UCSD was tar bctter th.1n ItS 
(Ompellllon 

- Christopher Canole 

April 12 1984 3 
~EWS . 

. ,. ~. ... ~ / "N. • .1_,.. • ". ;. .. :.~. ,:.~,... • ? '.' • • • 

CalPIRG reports on 
long distance services 
By SEAN WAGSTAFF 

Long distance is the next best thing 
10 being there. At least it used to be, 
until the American Telephone and 
Telegraph Company (ATT) broke up on 
January 1 of this year. Now, according 
to a consumer report by the California 
Public Interest Research Group 
(CaIPIRG), long distance may sull be the 
next best thing to being there, but 10 the 
unaware , ATT (;ould rank a lowly 21st 
beSt (or anywhere in-between). 

ATT, America's long-time telephone 
monopoly, broke into seven large 
regional companies and 22 local 
operating branches. The California 
branch is Pacific Bell. Pacific BeU will 
continue to provide local service and 
directories (White and Yellow pages), 
directory assistance (operators and 
"Information") and telephone line 
maintenance. Telephones are not the 
properlY of Pacific Bell, and telephone 
repair by them will require a fee. A TT 
will continue to repair its rental phones 
for free . 

Of primary concern to the long 
distance user is the explosive increase 
in new long distance telephone 
companies. According 10 the CalPIRG 
report, the cause of Ma Bell's big split 
was a successful antitrust suit that 
accused ATT of preventing competition 
in the induSlry. The response to this 
action has been overwhelming. The 
formerly monopolized market has 
boomed, creating approximately 19'Iong 
distance services, eight of which are 
presently available in San Diego. 

Starting at the end of April, telephone 
users will receive two phone bills. One 
bill will come from P.acific Bell, and will 
ind4de the monthly service charge as 
well as a liSl of toll charges. Any call 
made outside of the immediate area, but 
inside San Diego's 619 area code, will 
be billed by Pacific Bell as a toll COSl. 
The second bill will come from the long 
distance company of the user's choice. 

Long distance service, according to 
the CalPIRG report, is where consumers 
will feel the most changes brought about 
by the Ma Bell split, and also where 
there will be the greateSl confusion . 

If you continue to caU "Direct" long 
distance (by dialing "1" then the 
number you wish to call), your long 
distance company automatically 
becomes ATT, and they will bill you at 
the end of the month . If you decide to 
use a diiTerent long distance carrier, 
some extra requirements must be met. 
FirSl, a "touch-tone" phone is needed 
(nOl a push-bunon or rotary pulse 
dialing phone). Next, service must be 
initiated by caUing the company and 
requesting it, and , in some cases, paying 
a Slart-up fee . 

The eight companies currently 
available in San Diego are Allnet , Budget 
Telephone. International Telephone and 

Telegraph (ITT), Microwave 
Communications Inc:. (MCl), Sprint. 
Telemarketing Communications and 
Western Union. When the company is 
contacted (you can dial "411" for the 
number) you will be mailed a local 
access number and an account number. 

To use the service, you dial the access 
number which rings once or twice and 
responds with a new dial tone. You 
then dial the account number, followed 
by the number you want to call. Like 
traditional long distance, each service 
has a separate daytime, evemng and 
night/weekend rate. Some compantes 
have set-up charges, monthly charges, 
minimum monthly charges or usages 
and extra fees for calling from a phone 
away from home. 

A few companies charge extra for 
switching from evenmg/weekend to 24-
hour service. Others are limited m the 
number of places one can caU, while 
some are limited in the number of 
places from which one can call. 

'There have been reports of problems 
with the long distance companies," 
according to the CalPlRG report . "It can 
sometimes be difficult to get through, 
and connections can be poor at times. 
Also, the calls may not be as loud and 
clear as we are used to: The report 
claims that these problems are 
improving as the companies gain equal 
access with ATT to local phone lines. 

CalPIRG claims that "savings from 
using long distance phone companies 

,depend upon how much, where and 
when you caU. Monthly service charges, 
initial set-up fees and touch-tone service 
can combine to eat up the advantages of 
lower rates if your long distance bill is 
nor big enough." 

According to CaIPIRG, "Other 
problems consumers may encounter 
while using a long distance company 
include inaccurate billing and loss of 
patience because of aU the buttons a 
user has 10 punch to make a calL 
Although CalPIRG was unable to 
research the accuracy of billing, users 
are advised 10 carefully examine every 
bill an? foUow up on any possible 
errors 

Of course, the advantage 10 the 
consumer of haVing eight long distance 
companies to choose from is 
competition and resulting lower prices. 
Some time ago, when A TT announced 
its plans to split, a great deal of 
commotion was aroused about long 
distance price wars and their benefits to 
consumers. Shortly after the ATT break-
up, a new wrinkle devdoped in the 
form of what has come to be known as 
the access fee debate. Simply stated, 
someone must pay to maintain 
telephone poles and lines, but no one 
wants to. The result of this conllict is 
that long distance companies are 
presently footing the bill , with the 

FREE TRAVEL GIFT 
Purchase a Round Trip Flight to Europe or Asia with CIEE at 
our low student airfares between now and April 20 and receive 

one of the following gifts of your choice: 

• International Student J.D. Card 
• Let's Go Europe Book 

• Passport Carrier / Money Belt 
Contact 

CIEE/COUDCil Travel 
452·0630 

for details 
4429 Ca .. St., P .B. UCSD Stud •• t C •• t.r 

obvious elfen of keepmg long distance 
r.ttl'S high. According to the report, 
there has been a move 10 shift the 
access fees directly to consumers, but 
lor political reasons, action has been 
postponed untll after the electlon year. 

According to CalPIRG , se lecting a long 
distance service should ultlmately be a 
process of companson shopping: "A 
confusi ng variety of rates and plans, 
initial set-up fees , monthly service 
charges that vary even within the same 
company and various differences in 
service make deciding on a long 
distance company an arduous task." 
Although the va riety of options may 
seem imposing, by shopping on the 
baSIS of where and when you call most 
often , the comparison problem is greatly 
simplified. 

The repoll goes on to state, "With the 
advent of the break-up of Ma Bell, it's a 

buyer's market. Now is the rime to take 
advantage of increased compemion and 
the resulting increase in choice." 

If you are renting a phone (the bill, 
inCidentally, comes from ArT), Cal PIRG 
recommends that you buy one instead. 
"Few consumers realize," it says, "that 
they can save be[Ween $20 and $60 per 
year If they purchase their own phone." 
The report continues by suggesting that 
the phone be FCC-approved and, if the 
user plans to use a long distance service 
other than A TT. it should also be of the 
touch-tone type. 

It is still possible to call almost 
anywhere at almost anytime, assuming, 
of course, you have the right phone and 
the right access number. 

With all the competition and variety 
of services available, it is possible that 
some day, being there will be the next 
best thmg to long distance. 

Election '84 
promises hot debate 
By SEAN WAGSTAFF 

The next President of the United 
States is going to have some serious 
decisions to make. AU of these decisions 
will affect the quality of our lives at 
UCSD and possibly beyond graduation. 

Warren College, in conjunction with 
the North County League of Women 
Voters, is sponsoring Election '84, a 
sYmposium on the major issues of the 
next preSidential term. 

The discussion, which will be held at 
1 pm this Saturday at Peterson HaU, will 
feature the follOWing speakers: WOllh H. 
Bagley, Admiral, USN (ret.); US 
Congressman Bill Lowery (R-San Diego); 
US Congressman Jim Bates (D-San 
Diego); Clarence Pendleton, chairman, 
US Civil Rights Commission; Dr. Martin 
Shapiro, UC Berkeley School of Law; Dr. 
Richard Attiyeh, professor of economics 
and Dean of Graduate Studies and 
Research, UCSD; and acting as 
moderator, Dr. Samuel Popkin of the 
UCSD Pohtical Science Department. 

Popkin worked on the Carter 
campaign as a pollster and consultant in 
1976 and has been asked by CBS News 
to work as a consultant on the 
upcoming el(ction coverage. He has 
publisned a book called Candidates, 
Issues and Strategies. 

According to Popkin , 'There are some 
crucial issues the next president will 
have to face in the next four years. We 
will be discussing these issues in great 
detail , instead of talking about specific 
candidates: 

In an interview conducted by Roben 
McDonell for the Early Warren , Popkin 
explained, in general, why the 
upcoming election is important: "This 
Presidential election is as critical as any 
election we 've had since 1936, which 
ratified Roosevelt's 'New Deal.' If Ronald 
Reagan wins big in 1984 and takes the 
House of Representatives, we will have 
conservative Republican government in 
America for as long as we have had 

liberal Democratic government. Whether 
or not there is a Reagan revolution like 
there was a Roosevelt revolution ... is 
going to be determined in 1984: 

Elizabeth Elkins of the Warren 
Provost office is the program 
representative for this event. She wanted 
it made very clear that Popkin will try to 
steer the discussion in the direction of 
issues of national concern. 

Apparently, several mayoral and 
legislative candidates have expressed a 
desire to be included in the forum, and 
some are expected to raise questions of 
strictly local topics. 

The panel will discuss the issues for 
approximately the firSl half of the 
symposium, after which it will be 
opened to queStions from the audience. 

Popkin says that there are four major 
issues facing the next president. "The 
next preSident will probably get four 
supreme Court appointments. We will 
be talking about someone who should 
be making that kind of decision. 

"There are going to have to be some 
major weapons treaties developments. 
What will [hose developments be? How 
will the necessary treaties be obtained? 

"There will have to be some different 
approaches 10 minorities, how they are 
being treated and how we deal with the 
problems of minorities." 

And finally, States Popkin, 'There will 
have to be a new approach taken to 
reduce the national debt." 

Congressmen Bates and Lowery are 
both representatives elected from San 
Diego. Bates has served on several 
House committees as well as [he House 
Administration. Lowery has been a 
supporter of President Reagan, among 
other things, supporting Reagan's budget 
plan and opposing a nuclear arms 
freeze. 

Elkins will be happy to answer any 
questions regarding Election '84. She 
can be reached at 452-4350. 

Best Sale of the Year 
LAST 

CHANCE! 
Bring this ad to the 

Bookstore and 
Save $15 on 10K Gold 
& $25 on 14K Gold 

Valid only until April 15 



... April 12, 1984 
OPINION 

Editonal 

The premature death of 
The grand Instructor, Time 

You may have noti ed the brevity of this year's Associated Students 
campaign electioneering time (one week), and at first you may have 
been gladdened by it, as we were. After all , the biggest obstacle to 
Interest in political affairs IS that, like the Democratic primary , they 
have to be sustained for such an unnaturally long lime. If Ronald 
Reagan wins this year, I[ will juSt be be ause In comparison ll) Walter 
Mondale, Gary Hart and Jesse Jackson he IS relatively unknown 

The shon AS eleCtIon will CUt down on trash , which IS nice , 
although no e1eCllon at aU would CUt down on I[ even funher but 
whatever sms of commission the authorities Wish to alleViate, they are 
commllllng si ns of omission. They omit ti me to become educated 
and develop an oplOion on the candidates and referenda. 

It is difficult enough to find OUI the truth about a candidate from 
him or his opponent or the press over a long period , when the badly 
onstructed fa ade has [[me to crumble. Over a short period , if Ihe 

voter has the opportunity to obtain any information at aU, he will 
have none to analyze it. The sudden glare of glossy advertisements 
will nO[ have died down by the lime we get 1010 the voting booth. 

The shoner the time , the greater the power of advertiSing. 
Candidates who can or want 10 spend more have the advantage, 
being able to reach more voters more quickly. The only thing the 
more penurious c,mdidate has in his favor in an election is the lime 
to bUild up an Image and a group of supporters. In a one-week 
campaign, organization IS more important than quality of ideas, and 
money more important than organization. 

Candidates making up a slate have additional advantages in being 

able to pool their funds lor UCSD's smaU version of what has become 
known as a media bli tz. Again, the emphasis moves from the 
candidate himself 10 hiS advertising ability . 

Nevertheless. if we were just voting for candidates in whom, if we 
get beyond the facade, we are unlikely to fmd anything anyway, the 
one-week period for electioneering would not be 100 distressing. 
Even if the chosen ones turned out 10 be as bad as the prevIous lot, 
or worse, which incredibly they always do, they would be out in 
anOther year, and we would no longer have to worry about them. 
Ephemeral deciSIOns arc less important ur worrisome than the long-
term ones. This ballot's referenda are the long-term, imponant and , 
because of the shon campaign time , worrisome decisions. What the 
campus voters decide, if they turn out m enough force to legitimize 
their opinion, will have a lasting, if perhaps not permanent, effect on 
UCSD. Those who will have to live with the decision in the future 
might pOSSibly look back 10 wonder that we attempted to deCide 
what is best for them with only a week's warn mg. 

Shakespeare wrote , "If it were done when 'tis done, then 'twere well 
it were done qUickly ," and although we are as fond as everyone else 
of repeating it. it is only to point out what a vety foolish sentiment it 
is. After a Republican admlllistra[[on , It tS tiresome to say that our 
liberties are worth a little trash, but a good decision, which comes 
from well-informed thought, on our candidates and referenda is 
worth an extra week or twO of physical campaign litter, and the 
mental kmd as weU. 

ll~frfr<eIr~n<e~ce;Ir~nce;ttttce;Jr~n®{tfrceIr~n®frfr®Ir~n®fr{t®Jr~nce{t{tceJr~llcefrfr®Ir~ncefr{t<erF~nce{tfr 
fr~lf~lettersllce~cerF~nce~cerF~n®~celf~ll®frfr®rF~llce;~<erF~nce;ilit®Jr~n®frfrceIf~ll<.eilitceIr~ 
If ~ n <etill<elf ~ll ce{t{tcelf ~ II ceilit®If ~ II ®{tfrcerF ~ll ®fc{tce;Jr~ll ce{tfrce;If ~ II ce{t{t<.erF ~n ceWce If ~n <.e{t{teJr ~ II ce: 

ll~llit®1f~ncefr{tceIr~n®tt{t®lf~nce{tfr®If~n<efrfr<err~n®~<.elf~n<.eilit<elf~n<e~<erF~nce~~Ifn<efrltce 
Tht Jollowing is a leiter ]rom Mr. 

Scot Spiar, the chairman oj the 
Student Body Presidents ' Council, to 
Dr. Gardner, the University oj 
California president. The Guardian 
intercepted this communication 
when someone addressed it to 
"University oj California Campus 
Media" by mistane - at least we 
imagine by mistane, since private 
letters are usuaUy only made public 
when either the person writing 
them or what he has to say are oj 
particular interest. Pemaps it was 
thought that we, having more time 
and less experience, were more 
likely than Dr. Gardner to read all 
the way through. 

We did read all the way through, 
in an attempt to extract the 
highlights Jor our readers, and in 
the same attempt we read through 
again, and now we give up and 
print the letter in Jull. 
Dear Dr. Gardner: 

On the occasion of your 
inauguration as President of the 
University of California, greetings 
from the Student Body 
Presidents' Council (SBPC). 
While we are truly pleased that 
you have accepted the challenge, 
we would like to caU your 
attention to a number of issues 
regarding the incorporation of 
students in U niversiry decision-
making. 

Appropriately, much of your 
time since assuming leadership 
has been committed to working 
for the financial health of the 
University. Additionally, we are 
appreciative of your effons to 
meet with us and to involve 
students in key issues, such as 
the recent development of the 
1984-85 fee policy. This is 
panicularly important given the 
frustration of students at being 
excluded from the preside ntial 
selection process. 

A number of mcidents and 
problems this year have marred 

the rappon between students 
and systemwide administration. 
Each fall the University informs . 
SBPC of various systemwide 
committee positions which need 
to be filled . We appointed 
people to aU indicated. However, 
a number of these committees 
have not met or have 
inconsistendy communicated 
with students. The Presidential 
AdviSOry Committee on 
Affirmative Action has not only 
failed to meet, but the students 
appointed have not been given 
any information nor the name of 
a contact person despite many 
caUs to obtain such information. 

systemwide student affairs staff 
announced the student speaker 
at an SBPC meeting without 
consulting SBPC members, and 
without having asked the 
individual selected before 
making the public 
announcement. In spite of this 
unfonunate oversight, we are, of 
course, gladly supponing Linda 
Clark of UCSD in her 
presentation. 

The University has a variety of 
procedures for student 
participation in its governance . 
While students have consistently 
been recognized to speak at 
Regents' Meetings, they have not 

The chairman of the Student Body Presidents' 
Council provides sage and public advice for 
President Gardner, gratis. We reply for Dr, 
Gardner. 

If a committee is not going to 
meet or is to be disbanded, 
notice of some son should be 
given. At the very least, the 
systemWide staff owes appomted 
students a courteous and timely 
nonfication regarding the status 
of these committees. Your 
wilhngness to consult WIth 
students and senSitivity to their 
concerns needs to be fuUy 
integrated into the University'S 
admimstrative mechanism. 

Part of the pomp of the 
inauguration of a new president 
is the welcoming by the 
representatives of the various 
constituency groups withm the 
University and by leaders of 
education from around the 
world. Previously, on such 
occasions, SBPC has been 
invited to name the student 
speaker. For some reason on this 
occasion, a member of the 

been made to feel particularly 
welcome nor part of the Regents' 
priorities in the im ponant 
informal environment. To the 
best of our knowledge on only 
one occasion has any 
administrator introduced a 
student to a Regent; additionally, 
adm inistrators have repeatedly 
declined to introduce students to 
the Governor. 

Students are the basis for a 
university, and their 
participation in extra-curricular 
and university governance 
activities should be viewed as an 
integral part of their ed ucational 
experience. The Student Body 
Presidents' Council has been 
recognized as the official 
channel of student participation 
at the systemwide level. It is 
appropriate for you to 
acknowledge this participation 
and d -fine your expectations of 

this relationship. There is great 
potential for learning and for the 
advancement of the University 
through a positive relationship. 

Scot Spicer 
Chainnan 

Student Body Presidents' Council 

We deeply sympathize with the 
Student Body Presidtnls' Council, 
but the root oj their problem is 
demonstrated by their thinmng it 
would do any good to write to us. 
To aU Student Body Presidents' 
Councils starting out in life, we give 
this advice: If nobody sus you, 
mane yourself seen, There is no use 
in complaining about not receiving 
oJlkial com munications; unless you 
are the opinion editor oj a 
newspaptr, you have to write 'em to 
get 'em. If your committees do not 
meet, give them a reason to. At any 
event, since the Presidential 
AdvisOry Committee on Affirmative 
Action has not met, we cannot 
Imagine what sorl of information 
you expect Jrom it. 

If no one introduces you to 
regents (and we have all been to 
parties like that), introduce 
yourselves. We cannot count the 
number of proJessors, cabinet 
ministers, judges, admirals, 
viscountesses and bishops into 
whose paths we have thrown 
ourselves, all of whom now consider 
us among their best Jriends, or at 
least most constant companions. 
Perhaps, Judging from your letter /0 
Dr. Gardner, your conversation 
tends to be a bit dull. and that puts 
people off. Just collect a Jew 
amUSing anecdotes (preferably not 
out oj Reader's Digest, which th e 
Regents will have already read), and 
develop an amiable dispOSition, and 
do not dri'1n too much out oj 
nervousness, and you will be just as 
popular as Dr. Gardner. But you 
did not need to write to him to find 
that out. Dear Abby would have 
done just as well. 

~ 
bII 
~.if+ 

) ,/1- i. 
-,-iT . ~11l-

Edilor 
Ti m August 

Managing Editor 
Phil Lauder 
Copy Editor 

Joe Desidenl) 
Opinion Editor 

James Ralph Papp 

,~ 
-..., 

' , , 
.", . 

t~~ 

Contribuling Opinion Edilor 
DaVid Wolf 
News Editor 

Lisa Lapin 
Conlribuling News Editors 

ChrislOpher Canole 
Steven R. Friedman 

Phil Willon 
Ans Editor 

Andrew Keeler 
Associate Am Editor 

John Nee 
Spons Editor 
Jeff Savage 

Features Editor 
Bill Hess 

Photo Editor 
Rich Pecjak 

General Manager 
Chris Milke 

Associale General Managers 
Linda Lewis 

Va lene McMullin 
Photographers 

Rob Friedenthal 
Mark Johnson 

llluSO'ators 
John Ashlee 

Steve Kloepfer 
Typesetters 

Joe Desiderio 
Anggie LIpid 
Phil Lauder 

Andy Laurence 
Production 
raul FarweU 

Rob Friedenthal 
Lizz Fuller 
Kelley Neal 

Kana Spencer 
SUI Writers 

Lance Bernard, Ethan Feerst, 
David Fleminger, Robert Geyer, 
Jackie Gladfelter, Kim Haddad , 
Christina Kaus, Sergio Klier, Ian 
Langdon , Robert Leone, Michael 

Partos, Dena Rosen , Sharon 
Sogomian, Yen Taylor. 

The UCSD Guardian is 
publish e d Mondays and 
Thursdays during the a<.:ademic 
year by students at UCSD. Views 
expressed in the Guardiull do not 
represe nt the views of the Regents 
of the University or California or 
the AsSOCiated ' tudents 01 UCSD. 
All un - In itia ll ed edi toria ls 
represent the views or the entire 
edi tonal bOdrd of the Guardian; 
IIlltia lled editorials represe nt 
millority opintons 01 the edilOnal 
board . Reproduction , publica tion . 
or any use without penmssion or 
an}' portion or thiS new paper 
without pnor nou fi c.1t ion is strictly 
prohibited . 

1 he Guunllall welcomes signed 
lellers and commentary as outli ned 
III the 0plllron ~ectl on ; however, 
lI'e are not respunslble for 
unsolici ted manuscripts or an. 

Our office is located southeast of 
the Revelle ProVOSt Office next 
door to the Che Cafe on the UCSD 
CJl11pUS 1 he BUSiness Olfl cl: IS 
llpcn from Y JI11 to noon and I pm 
ill 5 pm MondJY through rndd),. 

)UbSCnplions are available and 
Will be ma iled first class lor l> 15 per 
quaner. 

The UCSD Guardian 
UCSU, 8-016 

La Jolla, California 92093 
(619) 452-3466 

Apnl 12, 198~ 5 
OPINIO'V . 
;v~ 0(' • • . ' • • •• ~ ;:.; •• • ;y~ •• " /.." • .... • .-.:.. f .... .- .. .' ""." . ~?,. '~.- " :.-

The San Diego Union reported some time ago that Governor Deukmejian, 
president of the University of California Board of Regents, attended only two of 
the nine Board meetings in 1983. Deukmejian, who is also president of the 
California State University Board of Trustees, of whose seven sessions he 
attended one, missed twO board meetings to receive an honorary award during 
a trip to New York and another to deliver a speech to representatives of private 
colleges. 

When Deukmejian ran in the Republican gubernatorial primary against Mike 
Curb, he criticized Curb's record of attending fewer than half of the Board of 
Regents' meetings as lieutenant governor. Curb had used similar criticism of 

- Democratic Lieutenant Governor Mervin Dymally when Curb prevented his 
reelection in the previous race. 

To His Coy Govemor 
or 

Bored of Regents 

By JAMES RALPH PAPP 
With inspiration from a Poem by Andrew Marvell 

Had we but world enough, and time, 
This coyness, Governor, were no crime. ~ 
I'd spend my days In classes; you ---r.t...k 
Would do whatever governors do 
That isn't deciding how we shall 
Advance and aid the U. of Cal. 
You 'd tuck into fundraising dinners --
Make sure your party backs the winners -
And I, take up pursuing knowledge, 
Not speculating that my college 
Will be more crowded, a trifle seedier, 
With other programs waxing greedier 
(As well as business, always lax, 
Unless compelled , in paying tax). 
Nor should I think our reputation , 
At present first in all the nation, 
Would wind up being direly wrecked, 
Far less from enmity than neglect. 
I'd learn all that my college teaches, 
And you'd have time for making speeches. 

But at my back I always hear 
Time's winged chariot hurrying near; 
And yonder the dark jungles teem 
With enemies of academe: 

r Unemployment closing doors, ~ Rising prices, falling scores, ., New professors getting paid 
Lower than the hotel maid; 
Visions of eve.t faUing taxes 
Dance to sounds of budget axes; 
UC gets less in the assizes, 
But still the population rises. 

Now let, each nme the Regents meet , 
Their president direct his feet 
UntO his post, at least appear 
More than twice in every year; 
Because he once med to perturb 
(The year he ran against the Curb) 
The voters: "Curb's concern was fleeting 
In going to the Regents' meeting; 
Because he didn't enjoy it , he 
Attended but a moiety." 
Curb likewise had upbraided Mervin 
Of similar half-heaned serving. 
Let us roll our Govs. and all 
Our Lt. Govs. up IntO one ball: 
Thus, though they do not give a hoot , 
We can, at least, apply the boot. 

BEAT THOSE HIGH 
UNIVERSITY COPY COSTS. 

• Binding • Passport • Stationery 
• Folding Photos. Typewriter 

8855 Villa La Jolla 
Drive 

457-3775 
Near Ralph's & 
Sav-on Drugs 

Fast -
Quality 
Service 

Open 7 
Days 

Poli sci diaspora 
By DA YID WOLF 

In the ten years since its inception at 
UCSD, the Political Science Department 
has been growing, and, much to the 
credit of the faculty, has made itself 
nationally known as a program of 
distinction. (The introductory course in 
comparative politiCS is, in the words of 
comparati ve programs professor David 
Laitin, "as demanding as if not more so 
than any other introductory course in 
pol ltlcal science in the country:) Yet a 
pall has been cast over the Depanment 
by the unseemingly number of 
applications made by the faculty for 
sabbaticals and fellowships to other 
universities, and that leaves the future of 
political science students on this 
campus an uncertainty. 

Two professors, Dr. Laitin and Dr. 
Peter Cowhey, have already made plans 
to spend time on fellowships at other 
univerSllies next year. These two men 
are panicularly Important to the 
undergraduate program at UCSD 
because each teaches one of the three 
courses in the introductory sequence . 
David Laitin is the undergraduate 
advisor in the Department and has been 
at UCSD for ten years. Professor 
Cowhey is a graduate of the 
internationaUy re nowned Foreign 
Service School at Washington's 
GeorgelOwn UniverSity, and has been 
with the UCSD faculty si nce 1976. 

UCSD is clearly loslllg rwo excelle nt 
instructors from its political sC ience 
staff, professors who make up the very 
backbone of the Department They are 
not alone in seeking fellowshIps 
elsewhere - others in the depanment 
with equal or greater academiC stature 
are looking for greener pastu res next 
year. Nobody can blame them, because 

, as profession'!l academics. these , 
instructors must seek new opponunities 
if they arc to be successful. The bottom 
line is , where does it leave the 
University , and where does it leave 
political science students? 

It IS unfortunate that a university must 
lose a valued member of the faculty , 
even for so shon a time, but for a 
student, a year is onc:fourth of his 
university education , when he will be 
unable to benefit from the professor's 
presence. If the faculty here loses 
enough professors, it could re llect badly 
on th ose students applYing fo r graduate 
school. Word gets around in academic 
Circles; if even rumor should stan [hat 
UCSD's Political Science Department is 
not all that it used 10 be, what does this 
year's sophomore or Junior do when his 

time comes to face the admissions 
officer from a reputable law school or 
graduate institution 7 How many 
students coming from an institution 
made mediocre by faculty defections are 
going to see Boalt. or Georgetown . or 
the Kennedy School of Public Policy at 
Harvard? If it came down to you and 
some guy from UCL4.. you would take a 
walk, all else bei ng equal. 

But don't just stop it there: Transpose 
the same problem to any of UCSD's 
other fine depanments. What would 
happen to the quality of the program in 
any depanment if a professor of repute 
left for a while? 

"Great, so where does that leave me, 
and what can I do about it?" The sad 
truth is - nothing. Not a damn thing. 
When you come here , 11 is not on the 
condi tion that the good faculty will stay. 
"You pays your money and you takes 
your chance," as the saying goes. A 
faculty in flux is a fact of life in an 
institution of higher learning, and to tie 
professors to a universiry would destroy 
their motivation and leave us with an 
apathetic faculty. Teaching at the college 
level tends 10 pm the research first and 
the students second , and when an 
opportunity arises for a professor 10 
move up , it would be fascist to make 
him stay. But when the greater part of a 
departmental staff packs up and stans 
looking for opportunities elsewhere, we 
must ensure that there will be somebody 
10 replace those who go. 

To make the best of a faculry 
sabbatical or deranure , it is the 
responsibility 0 the department 
chairman and the university chancellor 
10 find the ocst replacement possible. If 
the school cannot attract an excellent 
replacement, that means that there IS 
something wrong With the department 
or the school, and that probably is why 
the prof. left in the first place. The 
university has to give a damn , and has 
to want 10 have an excellent political 
scie nce program if our losses are not to 
be 10 the detriment of the institution. 

If you are a political science major, 
please go teU somebody that you are 
concerned. The department chairman , 
Professor Strong, is a good person 10 
voice your concerns 10, or Dr. Watson, 
the vice chancellor for undergraduate 
affairs . Even if the)' let you OUt with a 
reassuring word and a pat on the back, 
at least they will know that you are a bit 
worried about the program. 

Better yet. go and tell your professor. 

Engineering and 
Science Majors 

We have openings for qualified personnel in three distinct areas: 

OPERATING ENGINEER - Primary responsibility includes 
supervision of operating nuclear propuls ion systems . 

DESIGN/ RESEARCH ENGINEER - Working in the planning, testing 
and design aspects of engineering. 

PROFESSIONAL INSTRUCTOR - Teaching math, chemistry, 
physics and engineering to highly motivated, intelligent students 
on both the graduate and undergraduate levels. 

Salaries s tart in excess of $24,000 and rise to $50,000 in five years. 
Scholarships of $1 ,000 per month are available to exceptional 
students in their Junior and Senior years. 

QUALIFICATIONS: Male' or Female, U,S, Citizen 
Ages 19 to 29 
College Graduates or 
Seniors/Junior . 
BS/ MS preferred 
Good health 

For more information call 293·6691 
Monday· Wednesday, 8 am • 4 pm 



6 Apnl 12, 1984 

Spellken: 
• Clarence Pendleton, u.s. CMI Rights Commission Chairman 
• Congressman Bill Lowery 
• Congressman Jim Bates 
• Dr. Martin Shapiro, u.c. Berkeley School of Law 
• Admiral Worth Bagley 
• Dr. Richard Attiyeh, u.c. San Diego 
• Dr. Samuel Popkin, u.c. San Diego - panel moderator 

Major Issues 'King voten In 1984 examined: 
• Constitutional Law 
• Economics 
• Minorities 
• Defense 

Members of Ca/-P/RG (Public Interest Research Group) 
will be available at the forum to assist in 

Election '84 voter registration. 

Saturday, April '4 • ':004:30 pm 
UCSD's Peterson Hall 

(adjacent to Third College off Torrey Pines Road) 
No admission fee • Public welcome 

Reception following forum. Information: 452-4350 

This public forum is sponsored by UCSO's Earl Warren College 
& the League of Women Voters in cooperation with 

the Political Science Department 

lWIN 
PRINT 

SPECIAL 
Get two sets of color prints 

for the price of one 
2nd set FREE! . 

One set to keep - One set to share. 

12 exposure, 24 prints $2.57 
15 expo disc. 30 prints $3.27 
24 exposure. 48 prints $4.47 
36 exposure, 72 prints $6.77 

(I 10, I ~(, . I :F>. ,lilt! I IN', ('·4 I ProCl'SS' 

Another Great Photo Value from 
UNIVERSITY 

ELECTIONS!!! ELECTIONS!!! ELECTIONS!!! 
ELECTIONS!!! ELECTIONS!!! ELECTIONS!!! 

Speaker Forum 
to hear all 
ASUCSD 
Candidates ... 

Two Days ... 
April 16, Gym 

Steps 
April 17, 
Revelle Plaza 

All candidate or slate representatives interested in talking 
contact the Elections Commission at x4450. 

VOTING TO TAKE PLACE APRIL 18 - 19 ..... any questions call 
STUDENT ORGANIZATIONS OFFICE x4083. 

Slates and 
more slates 
By PHIL WILLON &: 
STEVEN R. FRIEDMAN 

A sure sign that spring has arrived is the annual 
Associated Students election. The process, as one can 
[ell by one glance around the campus, has already 
begun . Posters are being put up and tOrn down , flyers 
are being ci rculated , read and disposed or. Hand 
shaking and baby kissing is being done with familiar 
political passion. 

Yet Just as each spring ushers in a fresh beginning, 
[his year's AS election has also sprouted new faces and 
novel approaches [0 student government. Three 
campaign slates, "More in 'S4," "Students Progressing 
towards Unity through DiversificatIon (SPUD)" 
"SMART' and the "AS Express" have emerged in this 
election with distinct platforms, yet not without some 
basic ideological s imilaritIes. 

The common theme running through [he platform of 
each of the four sla[es hovers around the issue of 
communiction . All four slates believe [hat more 
information must be disseminated to [he average 
student. The more infonnational networks that are 
created , the more students will know what issues affect 
them. Thus, students will tend to feel less alienated 
and more apt to break out of the traditional apathy 
which has been this school's infamous trademark. The 
following is an introduction to the slates and their 
members. 

More in '8-' 
The smallest of these four slates, "More in '84," hosts 

just lour members: Presidential candidate Dan Lubeck, 
Vice Presidential hopeful Kevi n Bateman, Warren 
RepresentatIVI! Lance Bridges and Muir Representa[ive 
Amy Perlstein. "The objective of our slate is to modify 
the existing council so [hat it is more receptive to the 
student voice: said Lubeck. -so that the actions or 
notions of council disseminate tq the students much 
more rapidly and WIth milch more ease than they have 
in the past." 

"More in '84" proposes to construct a student 
organization board and a student athletic board in 
order to create an initial base of suppOrt from which 
[hey can receive and put out information. 

The student organization board Will be comprised of 
the 160 or so student organizations on campus which 
incorporate about 1,700 students. Six persons Will be 
elected from the organizations with one person se lVing 
as an AS liaison, A mandatOry reading of the student 
organization board minutes to the AS Council is also 
included in the proposal. "Right away," said Lubeck, 
"you get all the proposals of that board brought to the 
AS's attention ." 

The student athletic board is proposed to work In 
the same fashion . A six-person board will be elected 
from the intercollegiate teams with an AS liaison . In all, 
between the twO boards, approximately 2,000 students 
will be affected . 

"More in '84" seeks to motiva te the student body to 
push student leaders for change. "AS Counci l in [he 

past has nOl represe nted students but has represented 
[he co, ncil ," said Lubeck. "We think only students can 
aff ect change for students." -More in '84" believes [hal 
[he process of decision-making and the actual 
deCisions o f student leaders have been heretOfore 
ohfuscated by the system itself. "We want the students 
to know how the system IS working," sa id Kevin 
Bateman, " so there IS not always this 'mystery' factor." 

Senior Lance Bridges believes that some of the Other 
sla[es may be mclined to cate r to personal interest 
groups they are Involved In , "There may be a [cndency 
toward a bias in favor of thei r own organ izations ," said 
Bridges. "You need a better separatIon of power 
between organizations and counc il like we have 
planned ." 
SPUD 

Bridges may have had [he PUD sla[e in mind when 
he made the comments ahout organization affi li ation. 
The SPUD slate has a sembled , for one of the few 
times in UCSD's history, a truly diverse group of 
students who belong to a number of organiza tions 
suc h as [he Women's Resource Board, KSDT and the 
co-ops. The SPUD slate's dive rsification is seen as a 
st rong po int . -What makes us ddTere nt is that we 
recognize the differences in the student body, that not 
all the students are the same," said Joh n Trumpler, an 
Appointment and Evaluations candidate . "We don't all 
have the same interests. We want to bring In [he 
disenfranchised student." 

In seeking to bring in the "disenfranchised : many 
minorities. as well as women , comprise the IS-person 
slate which includes: Presldent·Adrienne Pilon; Vtce 
President-Ariel Anguiano; Appointments and 
Evaluations-John Trumpler; External Affairs-Barbara 
Hopkins; Programming-Rachael Freldfelder; Student 
Welfare-Alan Colley, Activity Fee-Cleveland Bramwell: 
Public Relations-Bob Ames; Elections-Robin ewland; 
Communications-Ken Cariffe; Third College 
Representatives-Katie Thompson, Mary Darby, Ameha 
Hernandez; Warren Representatives-Rasheda Pasha, 
Micki Archuleta. Pam West; and Muir Representative· 
Byron Morton. 

With all the diversification of the sla te, some have 
argued that disagreement on basIC Issues will cause 
tension and delays in the political decision-makmg 
process if [hey are elected. Yet the SPUD slate feels 
[hat total agreement o n issues is not essenllal or 
deSired . "If we want to be representative of all students. 
[here IS no way we could as a sla[e be in 100% 
agreement," said Trumpler. 

The issues on whicH the SPUI1' slate agree include 
full support of the alternative media, more attention to 
[he Women's Studies Program. and extension of the 
selVice provided by CSOs to include olT·campus 
selVice as well as service after I am . More security 
measures are needed , especially In parking lot where 
the lack ofligh[ing cause, an increased possibility of rape. 
The information ahout sexual harrassmem must also be 
made more accessible . accord ing to the PUD slate . 

The most important consideration of the SPUD party 
is to get students involved in the political process. "We 
want to get people to vote and make them feel they are 
a part of this campus," said Pilon. "Gett ing them 
interested and telling them what they want and what 
they need is important to us. That is the crux. of what 
we are about." 
AS Express 

Presidential hopeful Marc Boroditsky and Vice 
Presidential candidate Mary Rose Alexander have been 
constructing their "AS Express" slate since the 
beginning of the new year. The fruits of their work are 

evident in their well-oiled, 21 -member campaign 
machine that is well versed in both campus and state 
issues. 

The "AS Express" scorecard of commissioners 
includes: Programmer-Greg Ricks; Academic Affairs-
Allen Shulman; Student Welfare-Michael Goodheim: 
Communications-Gregory MacCrone: External Affairs-
Annette RobertS; Public Relations-Steve Stoller; ActiVity 
Fee·Art Wong; Elections-Dave Gianetto; and 
Appointments and Evaluations-Yanna Leroux. All are 
experienced in college and/or campus politics. Three 
College Representatives from Revelle (Greg Arnold, Jill 
Lifschiz, Ed Rejzek), three Representatives from Muir 
(Lori Anderson, Steve Krems, Leslie Mapes), three 
Warren College Representatives (Maty Colra, Dave 
Friend, Tracey Uno) and one Third College 
Representative Oonathan Blackmore) round out the 
team. 

-People have said that we are going to have overkill 
with the campaign. that we are going to alienate 
students with such a big slate ," said Mary Rose 
Alexander. "Well, we think it shows what we can do if 
we are put into office . It shows we are organized, it 
shows we follow through on our commitments." 

The "AS Express" commitments are spread over a 
variety of issues. The "Express" believes that part of the 
apathy problem can be stymied by a comprehensive 
freshman o rientation program. The "Express" would 
seek to educate freshmen on the ins and outs of 
getting involved in campus and state politiCS as well as 
student organizations. Thus, student organizations 
would get an injection of new suppon from freshmen. 

The answer to campus communica[ional problems 
for the "Express" lies in a reform of [he AS External 
Committee , newsletters sent out on a regular basis and 
grassroots connections with college dorms. "We are 
trying to reduce the COSt of Involvement as much as 
possible," said "Express" campaign manager Dan Klau. 

Boroditsky is conce rned that th e slate will be 
depicted as [he administration's "whipping boys ," "We 
may be branded as the administration's 'darlings' 
because we have all worked with the administration," 
said Boroditsky. "Unless you can be accountable to the 
administration and prove your validity to them , they 
won't listen to you ... but I would never compromise the 
needs of students In the face of the administration. At 
the same time I don't want to lose the administration's 
respect 

please turn 10 page 8 

Scholarly Choice. £VMIN{? ~ TTIJ4£TI()Ni 

Improve Your Reading Speed and 
ComprehenSion from 210 7 times 

FREE INTRODUCtORY SESSIONS 
CLASSES ON CAMPUS 
San Diego Center 
2180 Garnet Ave., Suite 20 
Pacific Beach 92109 
(6i9) 27O-61iO 
M.L. McNulty, Administrator 

Ii~ £ CENTER 
If ') ' .,....PIlR"~ c;pt t IAI I~'''''!NCI 1Q18 

TO STUDENTS WITH PROOF OF CURRENT ENROLLMENT: 

200/0 DISCOUNT 
at the beginning 
of the 
semester.' 

The Fine Art 
Store has one 
of San Diego's 
largest selection of 
art, engineering and 
drafting supplies. 

'10% on weekdays, 20% Saturdays the rest of the year. 

~' 
~. 
4(j"-~~C)~ 
Introductory Special 

. will. '''is IIlI ONly 
12 Haircuts 

-'llLI for students 
with selected ltairstylists 
rt..'brularly $2~ (wumen). $1!J (men) 

Nails 
::;ml/l'''I'I'I//Vlli/s. I'qt. $40, /IIIH' $25 
Fill.\ . n,/!. $:!(J. /IiIII ' $ 15 
.I/(IJ/II'/Irt.,.. /'t'/!. $/, 1/011 ' $5 
Ih/irul'f'S. 1'('1(. 16, 11011' $12 
J"li,."" !l'm/l, n,/!. $14, 11011' $12 

H950 "ill(,l La JoIl(,I I)r. 
SI/i/, 1122 

La Julia, c.. 9203/ 
Of/,r tx/lir'" -11 18/ 8-1 

, 



8 Apnl 12, 191H 
NEWS 

.,,'<.... , ~ ~. ~. ~:;;. " ','- « ... ~:·x . . ........ oX»> .. ;: .... • -::. .... '. .. _~ .:- • •• <' .- • ". .. •• :'-•• ...4 .... .,;.' • ',' .. • '; • 

Slates 
<' ()fHllll1~" Jr()fll PUgl' 7 
SLATES 
SMART 

"What is the AS? Who's In it and 
what do they do with all our money?" 

AS Presidential candidate David 
Tollner and his slate - SMART - feel 
that the majority of UCSD students are 
asking these questions and there IS no 
reason why they should be. 

The six-member slate is skeptical 
about this year's AS leaving its students 
in the dark. If his slate IS elected Into 
office , Tollner promises his 
administration will be a ·'vlslble. viable 
AS. letting students know that we are 
here, that we are productive . and that 
we're here to serve them. not us." . 

The present parking criS IS is seen as 
top pnomy by SMART, a problem that 
should be addressed as soon as 
possible. 

"It 's Simply a maner of people coming 
from off-campus, or people liVing on- , 
having a hell of a time finding parking 
spaces." observed Tollner, "especially for 
those who have bought and paid their 
$75 a year to have the luxury of >'ellow 
parking spaces." 

To correct the sltuallon, the slate feels 
t here should be a conentrated effon by 
the AS to force the admimstration to act. 
One idea for immediate relief would to 
take away some of the abundant "A" or 
"B" spaces. They admit that crisis won't 
be alleviated overnight, but progress can 
be made. 

St-.1ART also feels very strongly about 
the present use of AS funds and how 
they can be more effiCiently used . The 
slate claims that the only time students 
ever hear about the AS or see their 
money is at the TGIFs. 

Tollner and his group would like to 
see more money going IntO the student 
organlzauons "We want [Q Incorporate 
all the students , we don't want to JUSt 
get all the paniers and beerdrinkers at 
the TGs," says Ben Kirtman, 
Commissioner of Communications 
candidate. "We want to get the students 
who are Interested in more Intellectual 
activities ... We want to Involve 
everybody." 

One way of supplying money to 
organizations would be to cut some of 

the ~60,OOO given [0 the ahernatll'e 
media . Thl IS a resolullon that SMART 
full>, supports but only if It does not 
Jeopordlze the media's qua lity or 
Ireedom. 

The lack of enthusiasm for the UC D 
ath letic program is an issue taken qUite 
senousl), by SMAR I, probabl), because 
they are all members of the POrtS 
Activity Bard. They would like to see 
some AS support for athletics b)' wa)' of 

sponsoring more lundraisers. Sports 
commiaees and promollonal events. 
St-.1ART leels that if the students are 
exposed to their athletic teams. there 
will be a genuine upriSing In tudent 
interest , and this can only bri ng the 
students closer together. 

Mark Ragusa , who IS running for 
Activiry Fee Commissioner. says that his 
objective of giving more funding to the 
lesser-known student organizations is 
crucial to keep a variation among the 
UCSD studem population. 
MUIR PERSPECTIVES 

We're the voi es of MUir," claim this 
fre hman triO, aU running for MUir 
Representatives. Because they have 
access to both dorms, the)' feel that as a 
team, the), are Muir's best bet for 
adequate representation. 

"Our main stance is JUSt bnngmg 
things to the Muir eye." says Dan 
pencer, Chris Moore and Todd Te nge. 

They want [0 keep students Informed 
with the events within the AS, because. 
as Tenge claims, "The average Muir 
student isn't aware of where their funds 
are going." 

Chris Moore stressed the Importance 
of a trong and open connection 
between the MUIr College CounCil and 
the AS. and feels that the Muir 
Perspective slate IS best sui ted for the 
Job. 

All agree that the representatives ~re 
the key tie between students and such 
Issues as the proposed UniversllY 
Center and the recent trend in breaking 
up the four-college system. 

As for representing the most 
populated and extravened college on 
campus. the Muir Perspectives said they 

I 30~ off any purchase of $1.00 or more I 
• We also honor all 

one per 
customer 

1030 Torrey Pines Rd. 
at Herschel 

Now Open! 
1774 Garnet Ave. 

Expires April 18, 1984. La Jolla Pacific Beach 

SOFT CONTACT LENSES I 
One Hour Service ~ost cases 

, ,,~Ml't{ , 
, ,,"" c. .'" :~~~~ l:!. ,~-. 
"'7 ,.i(l.h .,..cI& ,~ ?-/, , , V~V' " 

INCLUDES: 
Contact lenses, examination, 
patient training, tollow up, 
chemical care kit and fitting . 
EXTENDED WEAR LENSES 
ONLY $165.00 I 

THE CLASSICAL EYE 
DR. ROBERT HELLER OPTOMETRISTi 

La Jolla Village Square 
( InSide the Mall; Lower Level) 

8657 Villa La Jolla Dnve • SUite 1 36 
4Sg·7374 ' 

Hydrocurve extended wear lenses available. 

would like [0 sec more MUir TGIFs and 
better facilities ror olf-campus students 

"Muir lUdenrs Clre really happ)' With 
MUir." said T .:nge. something hi slate 
would like to make sure continues. 
INDEPENDENTS 
EXTERNAL AFFAIRS 
Michael Eben 

"You need [0 know whar's gomg on 
in the world around you if you're going 
to have <In impact on it ," sa),s Michael 
Ebert , candidate for CommiSSIOner of 
External Affairs. 

If elected , hiS main objective will be 
[0 make students aware of the issues 
that will IIlvolve them both locally and 
statewide. 

Because he feels that the relat ions 
between UCSD and the local co mmunity 
are somewhat dim. Ebert would like to 
take a more productive role with local 
governments and would also like to 
coordinate student efforts for some 
community service activities. 
MUIR REPRESENTITIVES 
Sieve Tisi 

Being a commuter himself, senior 
teve Tisi feels he is best qualified to 

represent Ihe students living on-, as weU 
as off-campus. He says he knows people 
and student issues well enough to 
integrate the concerns of Muir College 
into his role with the AS and to keep a 
constant communication wllh those he 
is trying to represent, 

"UCSD lS changing ," says Tisi , and 
because of his leadership experience 
with the fraternity TKE he feels he is 
ready to guide Muir through the next 
yea r. 
Allison ¥oon 

As a representative of Muir, Allison 
Yoon would like to see the quality of the 
dorm life Improve and make sure that 
the future Muir Gene<ral Store will be 
able to meet the needs of aU Muir 
students. 

Yoon is concerned that Muir unity 
could be threatened if the present 
hOUSing referendum passes. "If students 
apply to a certain college. they should 
be committed to that college ," 

LlJDLLI 
CuftDfG 
CDIIJUT 

737 Pearl 
La Jolla 

456-1170 
456-1815 

PRECISION 
HAIRCUTS 

REVEllE REPRESENTATIVE 
Craig Flanagan 

ralg Flanagan IS running on two 
major prelTiiSes: to decrease rhe excess 
regulati on th.1I eXists at Revelle III such 
ilreilS ilS alcohol and weekend noise 
restrictions and illso to create a central 
rallying pOim for all UCSD students. 

"UC D IS kind of sterile," claims 
Flanilgan, "and the cemral purpose of 
the AS IS to unify the students." To 
accomplish this . he said he would hke 
[0 see bigger and better TGIFs [0 give 
UCSD a unique and definitive 
characteristic. 
WARREN REPRESENTATIVE 
Vern Perez 

"My feeling is that the Representative 
constitutes the link between the AS and 
the WSCG [Wan'en College Student 
GovernmentJ." says candidate Vern 
Perez, on the importance of being a 
Warren Represe ntative , If elected , he 
would work closely with the WCSG and 
the Warren students, and would try to 
make the AS aware of his college's needs. 

About the confusing housing 
situation , Perez says he thinks separate 
college housing is good , but there 
should still be room for those students 
who would prefer to live somewhere 
besides their own college's housing. 
THIRD REPRESENTATIVES 
Glenn Osaki 

"I feel I can represent Third College 
better than most," says Glenn Osaki. 
Because he is presently an RA and has 
been involved with Third activities 
consis tently over the last three years. 
Osaki feels he best knows the wants 
and needs of Third students. 

Osaki stated that it IS Important that 
Third students realize what their college 
has to offer for both on-campus and 
commuter students: "There 's so much 
more they can get out of school besides 
the academiC." 
Nancy Salada 

Nancy Satoda says that Third College 
stude nts have been lacki ng in AS input 
over the past few years, and if she is 
elected, things will be different. ' 

"I'm sensitive to what students want." 
Saroda says. ''I'll keep Third College 
students aware of what's gOlOg on." 

Sa toda disagrees with the housing 
referendum [0 have non-coUege housing. 
"It Will ehminate the college system, and 
that's what makes UCSD unique." 

coupotl 0II1y. 
for men and women Offer expires 4-26-84. 
-----------------T-------------------PRECISION HAIRCUT PERM $32.50 

women, $13.50 (long hair extra) 
men, $11 to--------------------

Includes shampoo. cut & blow dry CELLOPHANE $15 
(long hair extra) 

I \\ II \Klll '1> · 1111 . \\ OHI D \ 0' \(.1., I \( I" I \1< 

: Semester 
I at Sed ~' .. ',,",;;;; ~ 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

D.p.rt ... F ...... ry from 
Fl. u ............. S.pl ...... . 
from s. ..... wil" .Iop. ill J ..... , 
Ko ... , T 1Iiw .. , Ho •• Ko .. , Sri u .... , 
I .... EDpI, T •• I0.". G.nc ..... Sp.i., 

Sponsored by Ihe University of Pittsburgh, Semester at Sea offers 
a full semeSler of academic credit to qualified sl udenl s aboard I he 
noat 109 campus, 

M ore Ihan 60 voyage ·relaled courses are available with filcully 
drawn from leading univ rsities on Ihe US, and augmented by area 
experls from the countries viSited , 

• I St>nwSIt>1 ~'I Sed admits "I~nls ..... Ithout rt!g.lrd 10 (olor, race Or c:te~d 
I For complele delails, ",rile Semi! ler al Sea. UCIS, Uni".raily of Pill sburgh. Forbe Quadrangle. Pillsburgh, PA 15260 or call toll· 
.....,ree (800) 854'() 195. • 
-_ ....... _ .. . 

Rugby and alcohol don't mix? 

By ALICIA AGOS 
Contrary to popular opinion. learning 

how to play rugby does not mean 
learning how to drink. To the innocent 
bystander, rugby is a fast-mOVing, rowdy 
and complicated game consisting of two 
4O-minute action-packed halves. The 
UCSD rugby team. under the direction 
of first-year coach Tom Butler, has. 
according to the coach, "come a very 
long way this season." The Tritons have 
posted an overaU Division III record of 
8-10 and a league record of 5-3. This 
record . says Butler. is admirable 
considering the fact that, "!'II ine out of 
15 of our starters had never even seen a 
rugby ball prior to this season." 

The Tritons are coming off a solid 
victory over Camp Pendleton this past 
weekend, and at present, the team is 
readyi ng itself for "the highlight of the 

year." the Santa Barbara Tournament. 
CohsiStirtg 'of close to 75 State, national 
and international rugby clubs and 
collegiate teams, the Santa Barbara 
T oumament is one of the largest and 
most prestigiOUS events occurring in 
rugby circles. Veteran rugby player Steve 
Fentress predicts, "The Tritons are going 
to have a great time, We'l go up there as 
a team, play on Saturday and Sunday, 
and probably end up terrorizing Santa 
Barbara." 

This degree of team camaraderie has 
helped the Tritons in many ways this 
season. Coach Butler credits Greg Baker, 
Tom Souza and Many Karns for 
"unifying the team with experience as 
well as motivation on and oII the field ." 
As a veteran , Fentress says, "Rugby is 
much more congenial than other spons. 

. 

There is more camaraderie. The more 
people who get involved in the play, the 
better. For the game to work, there has 
to be a combined effort of everyone." 
Novice player Ted. K. Chough has 
observed during his first year, 'There is 
a real sense of belonging to a team, and 
this is good because in rugby you need 
a lot of teamwork. Our team is c1ose-
knit, and we do a lot together. We're 
not that experienced. but we have 
teamwork." 

The Tritons have obviously taken 
their lack of experience and used it to 
their advantage. Faced with a majority 
of rookie players. coach Butler said that 
one of his goals for the season was to 
improve with each week, and, he 
reports , "We have accomplished thiS 
without a doubt. We have a motivated 

and aggreSSive team ." 
One reason for the team's motivation 

is , according to somt: of the players. 
Butler himself. Says Fentress, "Tom has 
a good knowledge of the game. He's 
very enthusiastic. and he extends.aU 
kinds of time on us." With Butler at the 
helm, Fentress reports. "We get 
ourselves in less trouble. He's had the 
team playing to the best of our abiliry ." 
With over 19 years of playing and 
coaching. Butler has had plenty of rugby 
experience. And , according to Chough. 
"He relates to the players really well. 
He's not 'M r. Butler,' he's Tom.'" 

Because the TritOns' season is 
drawing to a close , there will be no 
more home games. There will, however, 
be an Alumni game on May 5 at UCSD. 

Swimmers magnificent at Nationals 

Bill Kazmitrowicz. an oUlstanding UCSD 
swimmer. is an Orympic hoptful. 

By JULIE RICHTER 
After hundreds of miles of strenuous 

laps , lifting weights and personal 
sacrifices, the Triton sWimmers met 
their final challenge at the Nationals in 
Atlanta in March . Going into the meet. 
UCSD's ranking in the CAA Division 
lli for th l: men was numbe r five and for 
the women. number six. The team came 
home. though, with the men placing 
third behind Kenyon College of Ohio 
and Claremont. The women finished 
sixth, after Kenyon College, POlllona 
Pitzer. Alleghany. Hamline and Williams, 
"Usually teams do worse than their 
rankings indicate , so thiS was great ," 
says head coach Bill Morgan. "Being In 
the top three gives us more national 
recognition now. This has been our 
most successful season ever." 

At the three-day meet , UC D's top 
swimmer. Bill Kazmierowlcz, broke twO 
national records in his specialry. 
freesryle . In the SOD-yard freestyle event , 
Kazmlcrowlcz broke the existing 4:32.65 
with a new meet record of 4:28.70. 
Kazmierowlcz se t another record in the 
200-yard freestyle , turning In a time of 
1:39.10 to tOP the 1:39.57 time set by 
another swimmer 10 1983. 

In the relay events. aU Triton teams 
qualified for the fina ls and swam qUite 
successfully. UCSD's team of Todd 
Jacobse n, Bill Kazmierowicz, Dave Reed 
and Pete Ackhoff placed second in the 
400·yard medley relay. The team of 
Ackhoff. Butch Cramer. K,IZIllICrowICZ. 
and Reed also finished second in the 
400-yard lreestyle. 

The women pulled through m the 
relays , doing their best in this event. 
PlaCing fifth 111 the 200-yard freestyle 
relay was U 'D's team of Michele 
Brafman. Barbara Lee. Monica Alexy and 
Dede Stem hoff. Lee Morrow also 
captured a fourth position in the 200 
),ard butte rfly. 

Eight of the men and nine of the 
women were given AU -American honors, 
The women honored were: Monica 
Alexy, Katherine Beckett, Michelle 
Brafman , Alison Gilmore , Barbara Lee , 
Lee Morrow, Karen Schramm, Deirdre 
teinhoff, and Jacqueline Van Egmond. 

The men given AIl-American honor 
were: Peter A khoff, Roger Cramer. 
Jeffrey Enright. Todd Jacobsen. Bill 
Kazm lerowlCZ. David Reed , con 
VelMdo and can Wiggins, 

Bill Morgan, Triton SWimming coach, 
coached 17 All-Americans thiS year. 



--

.k 

10 Apnl 12, 1984 
SPORTS 

" ~,,: ... «~. ~ .. .;:~ ~"'. . ... ~" A" . "', .' :;:. ~'" . "'.'"'' .~... " ~ • <~-;.;...... . ... ..;... ....' .:~ ~ '} .. ' .. ~ ~.. .~tJ 

Yates exudes a 
youthful exuberance 
By MIKE GREENBERG 

Andy and Chris are both in the 
seventh grade , They Sport short haircuts 
which are easy to notice since their 
baseball caps barely cover half of their 
ears . They seemed oblivious to the 
world around them as I nonchalantly sat 
down beside them during the first game 
of last Saturday's UCSD-Point Lorna 
doubleheader. 

I tried to recollect what I was hke at 
their age . A baseball fanatic who loved 
all SpOTtS with a passion] Most 
definitely. Someone wllh culture who 
treated those around me with digni ty 
and respect? Probably. A boy who would 
tum down a chance to watch the San 
FranCISCO Giants play so he could take 
out. his favonte girlfnend to the movies) 
Are you kidding? But watching these 
yo ung lads sitting in the stands at Olsen 
FIeld obnOXIOusly cracking their 
bazooka bubble gum loud enough so 
that the third base umpire could hear, I 
found myself experienCing a bit of deja 
VU . 

"DId you see the way that second 
baseman waited for the ball instead of 
charging It ," Andy told Chris with the 
authonty of a baseball aficionado. "What 
was he supposed to do, let It eat him 
up)" rephed Chris sarcastically. 'The ball 
was hit way tOO hard ; you would have 
made an error If you charged it." With 
that last remark , the boys returned their 
attention to the game . 

In many ways, the twO youngsters 
reminded me not of myself. but rather 
of Triton head coach Lyle Yates. At 29, 
Yates has used his rather youthful 
Ingenuity and spunk to overhaul a 
program that was so lethargic and pitiful 
that it has yet to have a winning season . 
In his brief tenure at UCSD 
(approximately two-and-a-half years), 
Ya tes has directed the Tritons from 
virtual obscurity in the NAtA District III 
to the league's forefront. Yet I'm not so 
sure the Triton manager has raised this 
sinking ship with the usual commodities 
so essential for a winning team: talent, 
ability and coaching inspiration. 
Certainly UCSD does have talent (Bob 
Natal has already eclipsed the team's 
record of five home runs with eight, 
two-thIrds Into the season ), but they 
have possessed that ingredIent before in 
the past, only to find out at the end of 
the year that the recipe they concocted 
produced more losses than wins. 

This trend discontinued with the 
arrival of Yates. He stands only 5-6, 
weights no more than 140 pounds, and 
looks more like a trainer than the 
tobacco-spilling manager stereotype 
with which we are aU familiar by now. 
Instead of standing out among his 
players , Yates blends in rather we ll , 
apparently preferring the role of friend 
and comrade to the disciphnarian fa ther 
type. In truth , Lyle Vates is a kid posing 
as manager, no more obtrusive or 
adorable than Chris and Andy wa tching 
his team play. 

"I love the game and am fortunate to 
still be a participant at my age , since I 

PERMS 

lacked the ability to pursue it as a 
player," saId Yates not toO long ago With 
a Walter Mittyish grin . I can 't wait for 
the season to begin , and when it is over 
I t:an't walt for it to start again ." 
Suddenly, I remembered myself at age 
12, so disheartened when October rolled 
around and the baseball season came to 
a close. I used to stay clear of channel 
twO, the Giants station , 'til the following 
April for fear that I would tune in to an 
empty and deserted Candlestick Park 
one desolate wImer afternoon . 

I watched UCSD go quietly in their 
half of the sixth, but instead of 
concentrating on a very close and 
mundane contest, I was preoccupied 
with a fight by the two fellows Sitting 
directly below me. "I loaned you 70 
centS last week , so you owe me a hot 
dog and a coke," said Andy accusmgly. 
"That's right, I did borrow the money 
from you, but I paid it back after third 
penod HistOry last week ," said Chris . 
"No you didn't." -Yes I did." (Louder) 
"No you didn't." -Ves I did ." "Let's flip 
on it." "You're crazy. " 

The argument had now entered its 
first full inmng, as UCSD was coming to 
bat in the bottom of the seventh with 
the outcome of the game stili hanging in 
the balance. One could see Yates 
clapping enthusiastically, encouraging 
his players to get something started as 
the Tritons needed to win desperately to 
stay in contention for the diviSIOnal 
title . Meanwhile, back where the real 
action was taking place, the remarks 
were becoming more and more 
derogatory. "You're always like thiS," said 
Andy, shaking his head. "Every time I 
lend you money I have to beg to get it 
back. You're cheap, and EVERYone 
knows It." -Tsch . You're unbelievable! 
You say you are my best friend, then 
you accuse me of being cheap . A best 
friend is not supposed to accuse his 
best friend of anything," said Chris , 
invoking logic that I am still trying to 
figure out to this day. 

HAIRCUTS 

$2495 AIR DESIGNS $995 
Includes: 

• Shampoo 
• Conditioner 

only 

Includes: 
• Shampoo 
• Conditioner 

only 

OPEN 7 DAYS. APPOINTMENT NOT NECESSARY 
UNIVERSITY TOWNE CENTRE. 455-0420 

Lyle Yates appears happy wilh either the: 1984 Tritons or his brand new toy watch. 

A line drive base hit to left field 
turned the heads of our heroes. UCSD 
was making the first solid threat of the 
game as Tritons occupied first , second 
and tnird with one out. ·Cmon Natal, 
crush it," implored Andy. -You can do it 
Bob, smash it to Kingdom Kom ." "Hey 
Chris, wouldn't it be great if he hit it 
our? We'd win it with one swing of the 
bat." "Shut up . You know that is nO! 
going to happen. But it would be great if 
it did ." As if the script were written for 
Hollywood , Natal depoSited the next 
pitch by Point Lorna's ace starter over 
the left field wall for a grand slam home 

run and a UCSD 5-1 lead . 
The crowd was applauding politely, 

except for twO 12-year-olds who were 
screaming and yelling and high riving 
until I'm sure their hands were black 
and blue . The smiles on Chris and 
Andy's faces were wonh much more 
than the price of admission, and just as 
abruptly as the Tritons had secured 
vic tory with one swing of the bat, their 
argument had subsided. 

After the game, Yates commented 
about Natal's dynamic blow with the 
utmost enthusiasm. "Natal's been great 
of late, he's been on a tear. That grand 
slam really helped us. It sure was great!" 

For just one instance, I picrured Yates 
as a seventh-gradcr chewing bubble gum 
and quibbling about small change. 

UCSD women's 
water polo match 

The UCSD women's water 
polo team will host San Diego 
State today at 3 pm at the 
Canyon View Pool in an 
attempt to break the Aztecs' 
streak of having never lost to 
the Tritons in their 10-year 
history. UCSD is coming off a 
19-2 vic tory over UC 
Riverside and is 5-4 on the 
year. SDSU is 4-2 this season. 

SOFIWARE ENGINEERS 
Opportunities in Santa Barbara, California 

CHI Systems, a n established resea rc h and d evelopment firm , is developing 
a very high performance co mputer sys tem for scientific and engineering 
environments. C HI has an immediate demand for software engineers with 
expertise in the areas of optimizing compilers , unix operating systems, 
network a nd worksta ti on development, scie ntifi c applications 
programming, and dIagnostic programming and microcoding. 
W e are expandIng rapidly into thi s new comme rcial venture , c reating 
signirlcant opportunities for equity participation by employees. If you are 
looking to partic ipate in an exciti ng , growth or ie nted company, please give 
us a call at (805 ) 964-8868, or send your resume 10: 
Dave Probert 
100 Burns Place 
Goleta , CA. 93117. Cltl Systems, Inc. 

----Sports Spots 

Badminton 
file UCSD badminton tcam avenged 

an early-season ti-7 upset by laremont 
College Tuesday night on th e road as 
they downed Claremont ll-~ . Seven of 
the eight Tri ton Singles players won 
their matches as UCSD eve ned its 
league record at 1-1. Only number-one 
men 's player Todd Swanson suffered a 
setback as Eric Wong, Loren Davis and 
Bla ir ReI! went on to post vlt:tories. On 
the women's side, number-one Si ngles 
player Karen Smith , Gina Silverman, 
Kathleen Rexrode and Tracy Carpenter 
completed the women's singles sweep. 
Carpenter's win was by a default. 

Earher in the week, UCSD hosted a 
DiVision I-Division 11 SCl BL (Southern 
California Inte rcollegiate Badminton 
League) tournament at Triton Pavilion. 
and UCLA came away With victones in 
all categories except lor the men's 
doubles. 

Before the California State 
Championships at the end of this 
month , the Tritons and second-year 
coac h Theresa Mt:Carty will hos t Cal 
Poly Pomona in the Pavilion this comi ng 
1 uesday night a t 5 pm. Following 
Tuesday's match . Pomona and UCSD 
will bIrdie It out a week later in 
Pomona . 

softball 

LOOKING 
FOR 

SOMETHING? 

LOOK 
TO THE 

CLASSIFIEDS 

1 ,.If 
h.. /~ ~ ) 
'{"{/ , 

~') 

)-;,,~ u~ Vi , 

~----------------------~ 

The UCSD women's softball team 
conti nues to do damage [0 opposing 
teams as the Triton s went 5-1 on the 
week, including d6'ubleheader sweeps or 
Christ College of Irvine and rival USD. 
The Tritons have improved their record 
to 17-7 on the season , and have now 
assumed first place m the Southern 
California Softba ll Conference while 
earning the fourth -place ranking in the 
Western Region . 

Against Whilller College at Warren 
Field last Friday, UC D suffered a l-O 
setback despite a brilliant one-hit 
performance by Vanessa. DaVIS. A Triton 
error in the second inning led to the 
unearned game-winning run . But in the 
nightcap, Tanya Keedy and Marth:.t 
Bronso n led a ten-hi t attack as UCSD 
went on to post a n 8-1 VictOry. 

Christ College of Irvine came to town 
on Saturday to lose a pair 01 games as 
UCSD cruised to wins 01 3-1 a nd Y-D. 
C hari ssa Hammett pitched a nifty two-
hitter in the nightcap. 

Tuesday night the team traveled to 
USD and stifled the Toreros with a 
doubleheader sweep 10 close out the 
eason series with a ~-D edge in games. 

UC ' D pulled out J 3-2 squeaker in the 
opener before pounding the Toreros 8-0 
In thc nightcJP Vanessa DaVIS went [he 
distance in both games and fired J 
three-hiller in the second. HOllleruns b)' 
Keedy and PJm HardJw.IY and triples 
from Hammctt and Cathy WIlliamson 
led the T m on charge. 

Business and 
Technical Majors 

Highly responsible positions 
for college seniors and 
graduates (through age 34) in 
financial and logi st ic s upport. 
The Navy Supply Corps needs 
highly qualified. dynamic 
individuals to lead and 
manage large in ventory and 
financial networks, Salary 
$18.500 to start, $34.000 after 
4 years. Excellent benefits 
package, Need BAIBS, U.S. 
citizenship. Call Naval 
Management Programs at 293-
6691. Mon-Wed. 8 am- 4 pm. 

" .:: 

'" 
-, 

§ 
~ 
~ 

Ph.D. Programs in Clinical & 
Industrial/Organizational 

Psychology 

Applications Available for Fall 1984 

Apply Immediately 
Contact Admissions, (619) 452,1664 

California School of 
Professional Psychology -

San Diego 
3974 Sorrento Valley Blvd . 

San Diego, CA 92121 

. 

FaIIlily 
Planning: 
a choice, 

-

a responsibility 
California's fintlst and most .xPtlrienc.d family planning 
ntltworlc, off tiring conctlrnlld proftlssional cartl for womtlt! 
a/nee 1969. ,. 

• ..... »re&D&JlC7 a.u, 
with results while you wait 

-Unplanned pregnancyl 
general or looal anestheSia .. 

• Birth oontrol 
• Gynecological exams 

Rm'I RImIIy PIturnJng 
l1li' AlSoclates M«IicIIJ Group 

SAIi DIBOO 
6495 Alvarado Rd. 

(IlI)U'''UI 
oo.f1a •• Ual- prof ••• 10.al- affol'aa ... l. 



Claulfled advertising apace II told In 100 
character Incremenb. Each letter, punctuation 
mark and lpace between wordS II considered a 
character, with capital letters counting 01 two 
characters. The rate Is $1 .00 per 100 Characterl tor 
students and $3.00 per 100 characters lor non-
INdents. You must come by the affice or mall in 
your ad, as we require payment In advance 01 
publication. Deadlines: S pm Tuesday lor 
Thursday's paper; S pm Friday lor Monday's paper. 
For more information, call ~2-~. The Guardian, 
UCSD, &-016, La Jolla , CA 92093. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Vote Spud - The hOt potato fOi the /loS eleeltons. 
( 4/16) 
Wake the kids. ca ll the neighborS - the ZBT ond 91X 
Dance IS just around the COiner Special Break 
Dance Contest. Apfll 21 In the ree gym w/ Steve 
West doojaylng. Tickets on sole at the bOX office and 
tlCketron (4/12) 
Warren Olcyclists need trasnportatlon and 
companlOl1sh!p fOi 75 mile leeale-Ensenada bike 
marathOn 5/20? IIi100ting 4/19. 7 pm Warren 
ApOI1ment ree center. 01 call 453-1084. ( 4/ 16) 
KSDT! KSDTI KSL>TI KSDfI KSDT! Actlvatlanal. 
mformatlonal. conversa t ional. orientallonal 
Thursday. Apfll 12. 700 pm at KSDT-SENSATIONAlI 
( 4/ 12) 
Dance to the Video Tunes of Ili1lchoel Jackson. 
Culture Club and ElviS. Costello tha t IS. at the Revelle 
Cafe thiS Saturday Api'll 14. 9-12. Remember. your 
51.50 benefits Leukemia I?esearchl See yoo therel 
(4/12) 
_ •. HP 41 pgmers •. • Want to double the calculalton 
and pgmlng speed and mOle. call Jodan at 450-
CXXJ1 (4/19) 
SPUL> SPUD SPUD SPUD SPUL> SPUD SPUL> SPUD SPUD 
SPUD SPUD SPUD SPUD SPUD SPUD SPUD SPUD SPUD 
SPUD SPUD (4/16) 
We've got a really big showl ZBT and91X bflng you a 
Spflng Fling With DJ Steve West Dance from 9 to 1 In 
the ree gym on Apnl 21 Tickets only 53 and on sale 
now. Plus exciting Break Dance Contest, (4/12) 
Warren commuters need transportalton and 
companlonsrup for 5/20 Teeate-Ensenada 75 mile 
bike fide? Meeting 4/ 19. 7 pm Warren Apartment 
ree center. 01 call 453-1084 (4/1 6) 
Graciously greet greganoos. grOCNY gurus of K~t)I . 
Gravitate to the KSL>T OIlentatlon aggregation and 
aggrandIZe oor staflQf) (4/1 2) 
Hungry fOi some fully baked IdeaS? Vote the Spud 
slate In the upcoming /loS eleeltonsl (4/16) 
YOO could save at least 51 CXXJI Listen to facts on 
dllnklng and driving Tues 4/ 17 at 700 In USB 2722 
( 4/12) 
The Hrotus Bar & I.:>nll IS now open fOi yoor dining. 
dnnklng and dancing pleasure The fllendliest place 
on earth Come by and say "Howdy (4/ 16) 

FOR SALE 
Prelude ora and car caver. Best offer ca ll 481 -1529 
(4/12) 
74 Datsun 610 wagon 51295 sacnflce. must sell New 

paint/ tune. runs goad. sharp In/oot 224-999!l 
(4/12) 
DURAN DURAN - Ap1l117.4 tlcketsfOisole Call Harry 
01 Allan - 452-5554 (4/12) 
70 VW bus rebuilt engine. new muffler and battery. 

FM-cassette 51500. Call 574-LJ850 eves (4/12) 
POLO AND CHAPS BY RAlPH LAUREN. MENS SUitS 
jackets shirts and slacks szs 40 42 reg & longs worn 
beforo so you buy cheap c II 459-!>232 for 
appointment to see (4/12) 
Duran Duran fansl t have tickets for the sold out show 
on 4/1 5/ 84 Ca ll 452-1579 and leave a message If 
I'm not In Don't miss thiS shOWl (4/12) 
70 \NIl sqrbk auto. 1 owner. OIonge. 3 rrew tires. runs 
great I 51.400 Tawny 450-9640 (4/16) 
BIllY JOEL tickets May 3 reat lower level seats. Best 
offer call 452-5554 01 4!l2-1722. (4/19) 
'/4 Honda CIVIC silver. clean. runs good make o ffer 
450-9049 (4/ 12) 
CLASSIC CRUISER S65 or best offer Ca ll 481-1368 & 
leave a message. (4/12) 
Comfortabl twin Size bed only $22.00 call Eilleen 
45!>-5839. (4/12) 
Surfboard. 5'9" twin fin. ultra lig h t. e cond 5125/ofr. 
454-3410 (4/16) 
DURAN DURAN tickets best seats Ap-I I 17 525 00-
550LO 488-4048/ 488-3282. (4/16) 
1978 Puch Maxi-Lux moped Rebuilt engine. 51 25. 
Call 481 -7957 (4/ 23) 
4 14"x16" dish mags. 4 lug holes. 5120. 481-7957. 
(4/ 26) 

WANTED 
Ex Blachem students. I want your boOk 2nd ed Stryer. 
Coli Joe 272-3809. (4/ 16) 
Fem. babySitter fOi occasional wk end 01 wk day eve. 
21 ma. old. Salano Bch. 52/ hr+ 52 trans. Ref. 481-9064 
Acet Clerk. Temp Lobs thru ThOmas Tem ps for PSA 
Will total tickets and verity rpts. Must have 10-key 
and know of gen acc tg. Hrs. 4.30-8.30 pm M-F. Ca ll 
DOiothy 560-1001 nooded Immed . (4/17) 
Revelle MUSica l needs mUSICians. Trumpets Ii< 
tronlbanes Also. viOlas a nd basses Ca ll Ira at 465-
5688. (4/12) 
Can yoo type at least 60 wpm? We re lOOking far 
typiSts to portlclpate in a 5-day expenment on ski lls. 
You Will be paid 55/hr fOi 5 hrs WOIk. If Interested 
please call Bob at 452-3006. (4/9) 
TutOi. Will pay top S for tutors In the following. Econ 

1~. 1200. 173. Coli 436-8518 betOie 8 pm. ( 4/19) 
Child care needed 2 afternoons a week. Call 452-
6856 days. 481-7421 eves. (4/12) 
Photographer seeking amateur female models tor 
lJ\..SD annual calendar No expenence necessary 
Call 753-0421 (4/12) 

HOUSING 
Female roommate needed Sept.-June 1984. Own 
room In large lovely house - La Jollo Blvd S210/mo 
+ ,utilities. ResponSible. conSidera te people only. 
Call Jennl 488-3302 evenings & weekends (4/16) 
UVI: IN uEL IvIAR fOi 240/mo. Female roommate 
wanted. own room pool and JacUZZI. Call all hours 
Mary 01 Julie 755-8728. (4/16) 
Fem rmmate wanted Nice townhouse apt in 
Kearny Mesa Carpool may be rranged. Own rm. 
5220/mo + Lutll Call betw. 6-10 pm 569-4993. 
(4/16) 
Brand new op ts - MIRRA WOODS VILlAS - Jr 1Br. 
1Br. 2Br-26o for May 1 mave In. Rents from 5395 to 
5550. Only 10 mIles from UCSD. located at 1-15 & 
Carroll Conyon Rd. Office open 9-5 dally. 10320 
Maya linda Rd .. 566-4554 (4/30) 
Roommate wanted to share master bedroom In La 
Jolla near Ralph·s. 15 minute walk from schooll 
Comp lete With kitchen. bath. pool and Jac uzzI 5213 

I------........ -.----...... --~---·-l 
I G~O MlRA'~' I 
I O~f:.~\~G WOODS I 
f VILLAS' 
( 
; 
t ( 
( , 
t , 

I 
i 

Deluxe Apartment Living 
for Adults & Families 

Jr 1 Br, 1 Br, 2 Br-2 Ba 
apartments from $395 to $550 per month 

Unique dual Master Suites in all 2 Br Apts. 

Only 10 miles from campus! Follow La Jolla Village Dr. and 
Miramar Rood to Black Mountain Rood and take Gold Coast to 
Maya Linda Rood, Located between 1-15 and Miramar College. 

! , , 
s 

I 
i 

Rental Office a Models open dally 9 • 5 , 

____ ~~~~_. ___ J 

& 1/J utllilies Ca ll DaVid or Craig 45!>-6982 Keep 
Trylngl (4/12) 
Unfurnished room for ronl ln large. pnv(Jle .3 oor111/2 
bOth Unlv City nome. Nonsmoker. qUiet. M or F 
Shar kitchen pnveleges & laundry focilitles -
525O/mo+ . ut li; 457-3459 Kim. (4/ 16) 
I?oommate wanted Pvt. rm. bOthrm and gara ge. 
185 + ,Ut i!. Chns 271-6508 ( to 1130 pm)of749-1631 . 
(4/ 12) 
Roommate needed. 3bedroom furnished house In 
Mira rv\esa. avai lable !l/t Lrg sng l rm. waSher/ dryer. 
gas. congenial housemates. Male 01 female non-
smoker. Summer sublet or year lease. Call Mark 578-
4653. (4/16) 
Warren female needed to share on-campus apt. 
next year with 3 easy-going. sturdlous. adventurous 
girls. Nlghtperson. non-smoker. If Interested call Debl 
at 453-1594 between 8 and 10 pm only. 4 people 
P-IOIlty hOUSIng. (4/ 12) 

SERVICES 
WORt) PROCESSING. Speedy service. Pickup & 
delivery on campus. Ca ll Andy at 2 79-8056. (6/7) 
Protessional typtng of resumes. reasonable priced. In 
Sports Arena area. Jane's Secretarial 296-8220. 
(4/ 12) 
Typing - Term papers - dISsertationS - theses -
resumes. Fast. reasonable. Paarea. Carole 483-91 09. 
(5/ 10) 
TYPING-WORD PROCESSING. Te rm Pa p e rs. 
Disserra tons. Reasonable Rates. North County- 724-
0977. (5/3) 
High quality fast. accurate typtng at special rate tar 
students. Same day service 16 yrs. expo Call Fery 452-
1393 anytime. (4/ 19) 
UNWANTED HAJI? REMOVED PERMANENTLY near 
campus. La Jolla Prolessional Center. 8950 Villa La 
Jolla Dr. SUite 116O-C Call fOi appt 457-4039. (6/7) 
TYPlngl WOld Processingl Rush jobs! Term papers. 
theses. resumes. transcription. Jennifer. 274-5005. 
(6/7) 
TYPING. 18IV1 RUSH JOBS term papers theses 
dissertations edlflng 453-0656 (eve) 452-5188. (6/ 7) 
Manuscllpts. theses. d issertations. resumes typed 
Expellenced. 51 page DS Betty 755-4779. (5/24) 
Top drawer secretanal service reports. monu5Cnpts. 
resumes. letters. Reasonable call 481 -4160. (5/3) 
Need a typisP I?easonable. speedy. 15 yoors 
experience. guarantee work. Call Kathie 576-1277 
anytime. (4/30) 
TYPing/ Word Prac Theses/Dlss/ Papers. Exponenced 
- Reasonable Rates - Top quality. Vista 726-3087. 
(5/17) 

LOST Be FOUND 
Lost - All memory from IlI1arch 2 to AprIl 9. If found 
please bnng to the <':'uardlOn In a brown bOg. And 
remelmber. no cops. (4/16) 
Foond. Ring In glrt·s bathroom at Urey Hall e:1d of lost 
quarter. Ca ll 453-7401 and Identify. Ask for Peggy. 
(4/ 16) 
Found. a bag 01 phOtographIC equipment finals 
week at the pub call and Identity 724-0654. (4/ 12) 
Lost - Pair of Olacknmmed glasses & block leather 
case near Revelle pking lot. If found. please call 458-
1160. (4/12) 
Lost. set of keys in Ree Gym ladie 's room. 5 keys on 2 
rings ( 1 blue. 1 gold). x4032 & leave message.or turn 
into cage. (4/1 6) 
HELPlllost a grey. v-neck. wool Land's I'nd sweater at 

the end of last quarter. 510 roward for return Call 
455-1263. and ask fOi Paul (4/1 6) 
Lost Family Fitness Center gym bag. spaedos. a nd 
goggles. Please return. no questions asked Reward 
Doug 481-6187. ( 4/ 19) 
Lost Monday 4/9. gold and pearl anchOl Pin. Please 
call Hilury 454-8119. Reward (4/ 19) 

~ound; CalculatOi fuesday of finals wuel< In Peterson 
Hall Call x4!l44. ( 4/ 19) 

PERSONALS 
Paid subjec ts are needed tor oraln wave 
experiments at the Salk Institute. Call 453-4100 ext 
419. (!>/10) 
Get your. got your ... Sun l:oad NcAr! t-shlll ot Assorted 
Vinyl and the General StOle Co-ops nowl (4/16) 
Hey UNOA. I hope yoo re planning to go to the 
Videa-Donce on April 14 In the Revolle Cote - Jim 
(4/ 12) 

Forski~man). II s your birthday. YOO're a dirty old 
man. The Hacionda lives on. Hallway Bays solute 
you. Pay up nowl The children are burled under the 
swingset. (4/12) 
To all thOse wno dnve home fron) the Rodeo: 1.:>0 to 
USIj 2722 at I pm Tues 4/ 17. Cornphments of (SAE) 
(4/ 12) 
HENRY CHAN 1..>. It shll hurts but I need yoor loving one 
more time. LOVl: Jt:f-F. (4/ 12) 
My dearest moo-frog. I have never been happter 
than I am nowl You're Incredible I I low youlll ...... 
(4/12) 
KSDT is mOle than just a radio station. It's an 
adventure I KSDT orientation Thurs. AprIl 12. 7 pm 
( 4/12) 
Hey U.C.S.D. this Spud IS fOi youl Vote Spud S10te In 84 
(4/ 16) 
Jobi - You fantastic woman I I'm 5(X)()()() psychedll 
- Cory. (4/ 12) 
Paulo - Did yoo get my message? Hope It ll10de 
you think aboUt how much you mean to me. Keep 
your eyes open Love Anne. (4/12) 
Jim. You bet I'll be at the dance at 9:00 pm sharp! It s 
a benefit fOi the TJ Martell Cancer Researc h -
Linda. (4/ 12) 
Ohreeuntayshunl conllng your way AprIl 12. 
KayesSlJeeTee - Bee thatrl (4/12) 
iII1en age ( 18-30) whOse father has been diagnosed 
as a lcohOliC are needed tor brainwave experlfl1el1ts 
at the Salk Instltut<3 pay 530.00-S5O.oo Call 453-41 00 
ext. 4 19. (5/10) 
Pregnant? Cnoose altornotrves to abortion. San 
Diego Pro-Life League Holiine. 583-5433.941 1515. 
(4/ 12) , 
rhe tanllno IS over! voto Spud for unity throogh 
diversity. (4/16) 
Dave lack for p-esldentl Vote for the freak Srathers 
sIote. For u ll you 00. these freaks are tor you. 
Ca m paign porty tonight at the Rodeo. Just mentlOl1 
t)Z and get a 25C beer. (4/ 12) 
Partyersl Helpful c lues on hOW to beat a 5Ol

' 
Tues. 

4/17. USB 2722 at 7 pm ~oughl to you oy (SAE)' 
( 4/12) 

TRAVEL 
Council trovel/CIEE prcNldes InfOimotion on student 
charters. lOitpasses. Inl'l student !d's. hostel cards. 
tours tor ages 18-35. wort< and study p-ograms. and 
much more. Stop by the Student Cente! 01 call 452-
0630. ( 6/ 7) 
FOI Sale: Round-tllp ticket 10 anywhere In the US. Call 
fOi details. 481 -1529. (4/12) 

r--------------------------------------~ IT'S CRICKET! i 
FREE CRICKET STYLING I 
BRUSH WITH HAIRCUT I 
AND COUPON ($5 Value) I 
• Hairstyling for Guys and Gals 
• No Appointment Needed 
• Perm and Color Specialists 
• Open Monday thru Saturday and Evenings 
• Ask for your Student Discount Card 

Command 
Perfonnance® 

Ta&f.D,UA.~~ 
~~!? t~pjf.tilo~~:c Beh 483.4673 _______________________________________ J 



M Arts Magazine . \/I . Serving the 01 . 6 I No. 2 UCSO Community 
Apr. 12, 1984 

Blame it 
on Rio 



-
The Magazine 
of the '80s 

Editor 
ANDREW Kt:ELER 
Associate tel/tor 

JOHN NEE 
Writers 

MIKE AHN. LANCE 
BERl'lARD. CHRISTOPHER 

CANOLE. MARK DeVOL 
ETHAN fEERST. JOAN 

fORS8ERG. RONA HU, B,B, 
LEONE. CLYDENE !'tEE, 
JAMES RAlPH PAPP 

fclitorial 452·3466 
Advertising 452·3468 
ffialus is published every 

Thursday of the school year as a 
supplement to the UCSO GUARDIAN. 
Reproduction or u~ without written 
permission of any portion of this 
magazine is a no-no. We welcome 
unsolidted letters. manuscripts and 
artwork , but assume no 
responsibility for the return of such. 
Send information to: 

ftlATUS 
UCSD, 8~16, 

l.1 Jolla, CA 92093 

And thaI'S the fact, Jackl 

Contents 
Cover: Tania Maria has gained 
a tremendous reputation as 
onew of the greats of Latin 
American jazz. She will give a 
command perfonnance next 
week, See story on page 3. 

Wire Train .. , ....... , .. page l 
Wire Train has paid its dues in 

trying to gain recognition and its 
finally paying off with their album 
In A Chamber Of, 

for the record ......... page 5 
New releases from the Go-Gas 

and The Smiths are doing wonders 
for the revival of pop oriented 
music, 

Greystoke ............. page 6 
The latest Tarzan flick proves to 

be much more than was previously 
imagined by the movie viewing 
world of today. 

Bob's Book Report page" 
Assorted Vinyl Report page 5 

Goings On page 7 

Cover illustration: David Fleminger 

SiTitolTito .:>ensau(m and the only singer. 
ever for Grammy Awards in the 
popular female, classical, andJazz categories. 

"One 01 the top JO coracert. in &va DIego in J983" 
Don Braunagel. S.D. Tribune 

AprlJ 13 & 14 / 8 pOl 
California Theatre 

1122 Fourth Avenue. San Diego 
All Seats Reserved $14.00 & $12.00 

irILESEAT~ 
IAN DileO STADIUM 80)( Office, ali S.D. County 
...,.( :, ."",. [f'I:nilrT,~,,,,,, . • """ ... 1 Men's Stores S.D. CONYINTIOH. PlIFORMIHO 

AITS CINTII 80)( Office (202 C Street),IDIU AZTIC 
CINTII Bo)( Office, HALL Of CHAMPtONI in Balboa Park, 
ITANUl ANDIIWI SPOITI CHALIT In Escondido, 32ND 

STIIIITNAYAL STATION Main hchange &. Bowling Center, 
&,1.0.1. MUSIC In Poway. 

A service charge will be added to the price of each IIcket sold at 
Remote Ticket OUttets and the SlATU ... 

To Tickets CaD 283·8EAT 
2 nlMus Aprill2. 1984 

....... ~ ... 

UOivelSity Events Offic~ presents !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!~ 

Brazil's Queen of Jazz! 

TANIA MARIA 

April 19, Thursday, 8:00 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 

G.A. $8.00, UCSD St. $5.00 
UCSD Fac/Staff/St'/Sr. $7.00 

;;.;. .... UCSD Box Office & Tieketton: 452-4559· .... ~ 

Tania Maria brings Rio to Mandeville 
By JllARJ( DeVOL 

MandevlJle Auditorium will 
be a bit steamier next Thursday 
night The pulsating rhythms 
and exhilarating spirit of 
Central American nightlife. 
along with crisp piano jau In 
the badltlon of Oscar Peterson. 
will bum their way Into the eyes 
and ears of the unsuspecting 
UCSD audience as Tania Marla 
returns for an evening of music. 
excitement and pure energy. 

Marla Is catching the 
attention or jau aficionados all 
throughout North AmerIca with 
her Intense fusion of 
contemporary AmerIcan jau 
and Brazilian samba. Her shows 
are furious festivals or rhythm 
with Marla's hands Dying 
frantically across her plano 
keyboard. and her excitement 
generating so much energy that 
a nery explosion of euphoria Is 
surely Imminent 

Her music often consists of 
quick scatting. a type of 
wordless singing that accents 

the sounds of the plano. When 
there are Iyrlc~ they are either 
Portuguese or fngllsh. Though 
she Is multilingual. she feels 
that only these two languages 
lend themselves to jau. Her 
backup banet with Its drums. 
conga. timbales and maracas. 
provides the perfect rhythm to 
capture the Brazilian mood. 6ut 
her music cannot simply be 
called Brazilian. rtor can It just 
be called jazz. It Is Marla's 
music. 

"In Brazil," says Marla. "the 
most popular Instrument Is the 
gUitar. not the plano. There I was 
considered someone who 
refused to follow the ropes. They 
said I dldnt want to be Brazilian 
but fila rttzgerald." 

Marla was born In Sao luis. a 
small Island on the north coast 
of Brazil. At age seven. she 
began classical-piano lessons. 
and by 12. she had performed on 
several radio shows. 6ut the 
energetic Marla already found 
this sort of music too 

disciplined and confining, She 
. needed more freedom In her 
expression. Marla was a young 
teenager when she first came In 
contact with Brazilian pop. A 
little while later. she heard an 
Oscar Peterson recording. and 
she knew she had finally found 
her musical niche. 

With her father's encourage-
ment, she formed a band and 
began playing parties and clubs 
In Sao Pablo and Rio. However. 
her mother disapproved. and Cit 
17. Marla gave In to parental 
pressures and married. The 
marriage would not last. 

"I was not happy with my life 
until I was 22 and decided. okay. 
I'm going to be a musician. But 
ft 's been very difficult In Brazil. 
I could survive as a musician. 
but I could not have a life. There 
were no real opportunities. rtot 
only was I a pioneer. but I was a 
woman In a macho culture, A 
woman is supposed to serve a 
man. not try to do something he 
can do." 

Tbe Wire Train rolls on 
By AnD_W KEflLll 

The current success of the 
band Wire Train has an ironic 
twist for bassist Anders 
Rundblad. The Swedish-born 
Rundblad moved to california 
two yeats ago because In 
America '"there's more shows. 
more bands. more records and 
more everything here," 

auditioning with bands In the 
Bay Area when he hooked up 
with Kevin Hunter and Kurt 
Herr. who were looking for a 
bassist for their band The 
Renegades. They picked up 
dRlmmer federlco GIl-SoIa and 
started working the club circuit 

415 Records. a branch of CBS. 
liked what they heard. and In 
July sent the band Into the 
studio with producer David 
Kahne. They emerged with a new 
album and a new name. "The 
lawyers told us we couldn·t use 
The Renegades because the 
name was taken. We decided on 
Wire Train, which was the name 
of a song we had recorded in our 
basement and we kind of liked 
It." 

to Rundblad. "We would like to 
appeal to everyone. but right 
now we want to reach the kids. 
The response we have been 
getting from the colleges Is very 
encouraging." 

With only a trace of an accent 
("My mother was American"). 
the blonde-haired music 
veteran says he Is having the 
time of his life. "Recording this 
album was fun. It was just David 
and us. no pressure from the 
record cornpan. This band 
knows what It has to do. We get 
along great and we get the job 
done. 

Her big break came in 1974. 
when she was asked to play at a 
new Brazilian nightclub In Paris. 
Marla caught on In furope. and 
after several albums there. she 
released her ftrst American LP 
PiwuanL thanks In part to 
Charlie Byrd. who had Drst 
Introduced her music to Carl 
Jefferson at Concord Jazz 
Records. (Byrd. conlncldentally 
enough. along with Stan <Jetz. 
was responsible for the bossa 
nova revolution In America In 
the early 1960s with their songs 
"Desaftnado" and "One-rtote 
Samba.") America n ja lZ 
enthusiasts were thrilled with 
the new sound. and In 1981. 
distinguished jazz critic 
Leonard Feather named her 
"Woman of the Year" In jan, 
Maria has since become 
Concord's most successful 
artist. She now lives in rtew York 
City. 

Though her singing often Is 
the first thing to catch the 
attention of the listener. Maria 

considers herself a pianist 
rather than a vocalist ''The 
singing came much later." she 
says. "for me It goes with the 
plano. People tend to notice 
singers more than Instrumental-
Ists." 

Although American audi-
ences have welcomed Marla 
enthusiastically. her home 
country has not been so 
hospitable, Still. she hopes to 
return one day: "Things are 
changing. and I'm beginning to 
receive calls and Invitations to 
go back. Who knows? In two 
years. It may be my time in 
Brazil," 

••• 

Maria's show Thursday. April 
19 should be very exciting. She 
prefers to perform mainly her 
newer songs. so we should hear 
many cuts from her latest album 
Lore fxplosion. Tickets are on 
sale at the box office for $5 for 
students and $8 for general 
admission, for the 8 pm show, 

However. the first hit fiom 
the group's debut album In a 
Clwnber Of was "Chamber of 
Hellos" which was released as a 
single In furope and found Its 
way back to the States. The song 
has been picked up by many 
college and '"rock of the '80s" 
radio stations. Wire Train's first 
domestic single "I'll Do You" Is 
also now getting airplay. "It's 
really kind of strange. but that's 
the way the business Is." jokes 
Runclblad. as he prepares to go 
on stage at the Fox Theatre. Wire 
Train was In town with Big 
Country on their current tour. 

Rundblad was continually 

The album Is filled with 
catchy pop songs that are 
constantly compared to U2. 
RfM or other post-punk bands. 
Uke most groups. Wire Train 
avoids labeling their music as 
one style or another. According 

"I have been In the business 
too long to have illusions about 
being an overnight success. We 
are all dedicated. we don't mess 
with drugs. we do our Interviews 
and we know what's Important," 

What Is Important for Wire 
Train now Is more touring. 
another album and more 
touring. What Is not Important 
to the band is doing videos. 

While many groups jump at the to do. whether you -like It or 
chance, Wire Train remain not." As Rundblad picks up his 
reluctant. "There's just too fender bass and heads for the 
much trash being put out. It just stage. he shrugs and admits. "I 
seems like something you have guess we'll have to do It." 

atart. Prldaw 
PACIFIC'I LA JOLLA 
WlLLAG£ THEATREI 
8879 V,Ma La Jolla Or 
(N Of La Jolla V.llage SQuarel 
453 783t 
AERO DRIIE·II 
1470 BroidlOay 
EI CaJOn· U. 8800 
llJOU THEATIIE 
5th & G. Downlown 235 6084 

PACIFIC'IIWEETWATEII 
I THEATIIES 
In the Town and Country 
ShOllll"lO Center 805 Fwy 
at Sweetwater Ad 4748571 
COLLEGE THEATRE 
EI Catoo Blvd at 63rd 286 1455 
MA. RAIICIIO 
IERlAILOO 
117 40 Bernardo Plaza C1. 485 8641 
UA GLASSHOUSE 
3156 Spons Arena Blvd 223 2546 

HE'S 40,000 
YEARS OLD ••• 
brought back 

to life bya 
m1racle of 

science. 

AMC SA.TEE WlllABE • 
1 Block West 01 Cuyamaca 
On liI.sSlOrl Gorge Road 562-7910 
AMe FUIIIOII fAllEY + 
Fasllloo \/alley Center 
West 01 Nordstrom' 291 ·U04 
AMe WIEUID PLAZA + 
220 North EI Cam ... Reat 
Enc.OI1as • 942·55U 

3'S COMPANY & 

10TH 
ANNIVERSARY 

RETROSPECTIVE 
CONCERT 

Acclaimed Repertory 
Works: 

Valse Triste • The Mist Leaves No 
Scar. Dances to Klee • Octet 
for one. Glassworks. Triad 

$10.50 General Admission 
$6.50 Students/ Seniors/Military 

Special rates for groups. 

DANCERS 
For the discerning 

dance viewer 

1n [n.: s.:mi-nuJ". 

April 20 & 21 • 8:00 pm 
Mandeville Auditorium 

2 Performances Only!! 
Ticket8 available at the UCSD Central Box Office 

452-6467 
AprIl 12. 1984 """ 1 

. , 



.. 

" 

Bob's Book Report 

for publishers the third, fourth 
and fifUt times are a cbarm 

By B.B. lLortf 
fver since the Tolklen 

phenomenon of the '60s and 
'70s, publishers and writers 
have long sought to create 
series books (trilogies, or better 
yet, longer sequences) that 
would command the book 
markets for decades, with 
reissues, paperback single 
versions, collected paperbacks, 
collected hardbacks, boxed 
anniversary editions and so 
forth. few have attained such 
high goals (Stephen Donaldson 
seems to have come closest, for 
his new installments to his 
Thomas CoueMnt series are 
usually best-sellers), but people 
always keep trying. 

One series which may not 
have started out that way, but 
seems certain to end up in the 
same sort of style, is Philip Jose 
farmer's Riuerworld series. This 
collection, which originally 
started out as a short story, now 

numbers five books, even 
though the fourth book was 
promised to be the ending of the 
main sequence of the series 
(which was a simple device so 
that farmer could fill the huge 
gaps In his awesome art Iflcla I 
reality), 1'I0w the main sequence 
numbers five books, and there Is 
no end in sight. Of course. 
farmer did pick a huge world to 
deal with, 

The action begins when all of 
the earth's population. which 
died after reaching the age of 
five. is resurrected in a huge 
river valley, Of course, 
everybody's question (after how 
do we eat?) is " What 
happened?". While everybody is 
busy learning f..speranto (which 
becomes the trade and 
communication language) and 
solving the easy questions 
about life and death (if you die, 
you're resurrected the next 
morning). a great many motly 

people (some of them prompted 
by something not quite human) 
try to find out what happened, 
and what's at the mouth or the 
source of the river, 

Among these people are a 
former Mississippi riverboat 
pilot named Samuel Clemens, a 
British adventurer of the 19th 
century named Richard Burton, 
Aphra Behn (the first woman 
known to have earned a living 
by writing in the fngllsh 
language), a french swordrnan 
and writer named Cyrano de 
Bergerac, an American science 
fiction writer named Peter 
Jarlnlus frigate and a great 
many others, including an old 
World War I fighter pilot named 
Hermann Goring. 

Of course, in 1610 pages of 
combined novel. the writing 
suffers terribly, but at Its least, 
it isn't too bad. fIlIoy if you have 
the time to indulge in some 
long, odd reading, 

Ii SOL. 
2 

I 

, \ 

11Ie I.CI5 AIIgeIa 1'IIea11'e WorU produclloa of Ibe IIrttIN 
play OIWk wID pa.y at tile ...... en ... eeater for the 
rafOl'llllag Arts thro ..... Soday. 

Q~ Is a model'll dIIy lDterpret.don of tile OedIpus mytll 
set III worklllg daaI Loadon. 

11cket prIc:a ...... e from 5-10 dollan. ror furtber 
iaformatloa c:aU 452-4574. 

Color Blind? 

~~.~ ~~ 
It you are color blind or 

even mildly color detident. 
we will payyou $5.00/hour to 
partiCipate in perception 
experiments on the nature of 
color blindness. For more 
in1onnCrtion contact: ICathy 
Purl or A1 Nagy at 453-4162 
between 9:00 and noon, 

Friday. 

SENIOR NURSE 
STUDENTS 

Adventure ... Challenge ... 
Professionalism! 

An exciting job with 
opportunities for world-wide 
travel, career development, 
professional growth, excellent 
benefits. BSN graduates or 
senior students are eligible. If 
you're going to be someone, 
special...Be a Navy Nurse! For 
more information call ~93-
6691, Monday-Wednesday, 8 
am - 4 pm. 

NOTICE 
Burroughs Component Engineering 

Laboratories has several openings 
Involving three-month summer 
employment for Junior & Senior EE/CS & 
Physics sludents. Applicants should hc::J\le 
a bosic understanding of passive 
components. diodes, tranSistors. op 
amps. & TTL & MOS ICs & should be able 
to use standard laboratory equipment 
(muttimeters, oscilloscopes. pulse 
generators. CUNe trocer. etc.). Some 
background in digital logic de:;ign & 
microprocessor programming (prefer-
ably ZeD) would be helpful In certa in 
projects. 

Salary will be based on qualifications. 

C CER'lf:C(RIA MOCIEZUM ... S A 

SendResumeto: lurroughl Corporatton 
5600 Av.nlda Encinal 
Carllbacl, CA 92001 
Allentton: Floyd Franko 

Th .. II no closing date for Relumet. 

4 "I4Itas April 12, 1984 

Go-Gos' talk talk 
By JIIIKfL TOOPIBS 

---------- sun, but that's a built-In 
Talk Show 
G&Gos 
IRS 

In this album, the All-
American girl band nnally 
arrests the steep slide from the 
heights of its 1980 debut single. 
The credit goes to British 
producer Martin Rushent (who's 
a bit of a new-wave hack but 
does some nice, loud work here) 
and the consistent quality ofthe 
songwritlng. There are a couple 
of songs like " Beneath the Blue 
Sky" that suggest the Go-Gos 
have spent too much time in the 

Southern california handicap. 
Highlights include the stngle 

"Head Over Heels." "Turn to 
You" with Its hea~nly choir of 
backing vocals, the sparkling 
Sparks co-composltlon "Yes or 
1'10" (best line: "00 do doot do, 
do do doot do") and "/'m the 
Only One," something the 
Monkees would have been proud 
of (that's a compliment). 
Belinda Carllsle, the Lulu of the 
'80s, Is singing better than ever, 
and the group even attempts an 
experiment - with partial 
suceess, and a nod to 
"l'Iorwegian Wood" - on the 
atmospheric "Mercenary." 

I I ;PLUS \lQtV .".,~~ \oI".OJi 
: BILL: 

With a name like this 
bow can tbey go wrong? 

By IMfCf BfMARD 
The Smiths 
The SmJths 
Sire 

from the wilderness of new 
talent emerging here and 
abroad come the Smiths, four 
Britons with a fresh sound and a 
well~rafted debut album of the 
same name. 

6asing their noticeable style 
upon fnglish folk-guitar 
rhythms, the sturdy new-wave 
backbeat of bassist And y Roarke 
and drummer Mike Joyce 
creates a balanced, uncluttered 
sound. The album In general 
follows this same formula, 
especially side one, the more 
uniform-sounding half ofthe LF. 

The first side features and 
exemplifies their style most 
clearly, with no weak links ... 
merely routine-sounding tunes 
with three distinct-sounding 
tracks: "Miserable Lie" Is 
cheerful and Infectious, with 
foot-tapping melodies: "The 
Hand that Rocks the Cradle," 
the most folklsh song, easing its 
melancholy lyrics with a lighter 
tempo: and " Reel Around the 
fountain," one of three highly-
touted tracks In the collection, 
hinted as a chart contender 
owing to Its lively pop sound. 

Side two Is generally more 
eclectic and cheery-sounding 
than its counterpart, with less 
similarity from cut to cut. "This 
Charming Man." another touted 

tune, sounds pleasantly popplsh 
but unencumbered by many of 
pop's commercial Indulgences. 
"Stili III" affinns the Smiths' 
new-wave origins. with a 
danceable backbeat. as does 
"Hand In Glove," a hit single In 
the band's native Britain. "What 
Difference Does It Make?" 
sounds strongly folklsh, with its 
conspicuously American-
sounding country overtones. 

The Smiths generally follow a 
single songwrlting formula, 
with guitarist Johnny Marr and 
vocalist Morrissey constructing 

very similar-sounding tracks 
and adding variations to those 
potentially successful. Despite 
Its uniformity, the album's 
crisp. new sound prevents It 
from becoming mundane and 
boring. 

Unlike many up-and-coming 
groups. the Smiths take 
themselves lightly and refuse to 
encumber themselves with 
heavily meaningful material -
instead, they make lithe, 
enjoyable music and should 
continue to do so In the near 
future. 

Assorted Vinyl Report 
Domestic Sales 
1, Touch furytlullJa RCA 
2. fIIr. /teartbreak Laurie Aadenon Warner 
.3. Sparkle in the Rain Simple JIIinds A~M 
4. Into the Gap Tholll5On Twins Arlsta 
5. 1984 Van Halen Wamer 
Import Sales 
1. Unkown Pleasures Joy Division factory 
2. /tead ouer Heels Cocteau Twins 4 AD 
.3. Killing Moon fdlo and tile 

Bunnymen Karova 
4, General Public General Public Virgin 
5. Script of the 8ridge Chameleons Statik 

THREE DAYS ONL ~ 
*LlM/TED NUMBER OF APPOINTMENTS AVA/LABLEI 

BAUSCH 
& LOMB 

SOFT (EX~~'t~ED) CONTACT LENSES 
THREE NO EXTRA 
DAYS ONLY .. OR HIDDEN COSTS 

• This""'" IMII not be extended and WIll be available onApnl 12. 13. & 14 only from lOAM 
to 7 PM-on a n"l come firs! ~ biIsIs. MAKE YOUR APPOINTMENT NOW ... to ensure 
yourself of Ihls eyeill s.J\IIngs. TIlts coupon must be presented wIIen)lOU come In 

yoo'"nr~. 
PACKAGE INCLUDES 

"" FREE Eye Exam 

"" Fitting 

"" Follow-Up Visits 

"" Care-Kit 

Dr. Steven Grossman Optometry HOURS: 
243 No. Hwy 101 (THE BOARDWALK) Suile 8 Monday-Saturday 

11 :00-6:00 PM 481 LANA BEACH 

------

F RIDA YS. 4 3D-I> 30 pm 
U CSD T RITON P UB 

,,"" 10 H"" (I/00I( y.,zz ORCHESTR.o'. 
A rwlt I' 

B~ :J~~r~EI\rAM 

'N I\IN/[U Nt IHI Ut\U 

MA' 
H OLlIl LENT"" 

M,. 
B LlJOY REW & fH[ OOCKITI 

'UDIN ( t N/'" IJOA.JlO 

April 12, 19M lllMu S 



• 

'Greystoke' cballenges us to 
take a walk on the wild side 
By CHIUSTOrHfR CNlOIL civilized. 
Yoda pinched the flesh of Christopher Lambert. as John 

the civilized 8r1tlsh society, a 
confrontation develops between 
Greystoke and his new social 
community over the arrogance 
and self-ordalned dominance of 
:human society over all other 
creatures of the earth. The 
human obsession with killing 
for sport. and killing for science, 
makes no sense to Greystoke. 
who was raised to respect the 
life of all creatures. 

Luke Skywalker's ann saying. Clayton Lord of the Ape~f.arl of 
"We are not made of this stuff, . Greystoke. consistently 
we are light" Yoda's philosophy portrays this delicate balance. 
was derived from western The humor and poignancy of 
mysticism and the oriental Greystoke occurs when 
concept of Yin and Yang. Greystoke displays his savage 
Yln/yang baskally views all nature In a civilized setting. He 
creatures and events In life asa uses animal sounds and 
balance of opposites: IIght- movements to both ridicule and 
dark, positive-negative. warn the false-mannered males 
physical-mental. forceful- of BrItish society about the 
receptive. childish-mature. danger of dealing with this Lord Death alsO establishes a form 
savage-elegant, arrogant- of the Apes who has become of balance. for It makes all 
modest. growth-decay, Lord of the Greystoke estate. creatures equal. This point Is 

In the new movie Greystoke: In every scene. Greystoke visually stated as each 
The Legend of Tarzan. Lord of Hrst unbalances the audience Individual. ape and human. dies 
the Apes. Greystoke's ape with unexpected actions, then ,with a trickle of blood Oowlng 
stepmother pinches him on the demonstrates how to balance from the corner of his mouth. 
ann to make him realize he " Is" our two natures. The scenes of 
made of this fleshy stuff, Unlike the Greystoke child being raised 
most movies today that focus by the apes leave no doubt as to 
on either the mystic or the the blood and death nature of 
savage nature of human beings, the jungle. but this Is balanced 
Greystoke comes out of the by the compassion displayed by 
woods to challenge us to Kala. Greystoke's ape mother. 
recognize we are balanced As the story progresses out of 
between the savage and the the jungle ape soclety and Into 

There are many other balance 
points In Greystoke to be 
discovered. but only If the 
viewer accepts that we are just 
some of the many creatures of 
this earth that have the right to 
live and not be the victims of 
killing for sport, science or 
politics. 

I CamerbuIY-Del Mar HaiI&1on.J ASTHMA & HAYFEVER 
SUFFERERS 1011 Camino Del Mar, Suite 108, Del Mar / 481 -6739 

Now Offers 
• Complete kin Care & MakeUp Techniques 
• Mamcures, Pedicures & Sculptured ails 

Classes available. 

Hair Design Special 
Women 's Style $17 

Mel1 's Style $14 
liIrSllll11 C ,mi l' - T IIll) 

SCHOOL 
sUMMER .. UniVersitY 

_I.' top-rateg At CaUfonu- S versity , recent\~ 0 
San Diego Sta~ U:st in the nation ,nd tw 
rated one of t e of the largest ~n 

rve"s, offers o~e mmer seSSions su 1 henSlve su 
most compre CaUfornia. 
in southern fU'N 

SU!41orsda~5 Rfavodte C.ity 'n 
. ates I 

III Calif be t leisure chm d 
En'oy one of t~e b shes mountains an 

• \d With eaC , 
the wor - \less attractions. 
a city of COUO 

SUMMER SESSIONS 
San Die,o State University 
Yest PleaSl' >end free catalog wllh rom· 
pie Ie millmldilon on ~umme l Se'>lon 

...... r' course~ dnd hV1I1~ dCC~lnlmlldd t lt'ms 

Siale ZiP ____ _ 

Summer Sessio ns 
s... DIe,. Stat. u., ... nlty 
San DI<II<>. CA 92182 (619) 265·5 152 

6 nUtu April 12, 1984 

Volunteers needed for TIIIIO Allergy Studies using a new treatment. Males 
J~60 years of a~ With asthma !wheezing. cough, or shortness of breathl or 
WIth hayfever !Itching In nose & eyes with sneezing & nasal congestion 
caused by poIlensl. 

this IIUdy Includa: • Stipend !payment for participationl 
• Drawing of blood 
• COI'lIIeniently scheduled visits 

For further information 
."."... PlesIlDw ••• D. 
Willi .... " •• Ke. M.D. 
Board Certified AI~rgists 

on UK _ Callelrblp. 

5i1adlum Rings 

.....,.. - fasttma or ~/ 
755-671 J fho¥M!r only/ 

only $94.951 ' .... ·l '-~ \.y)j~ Now's the time to thmk about • 
your college ring Nol lust any 

ring a 14K Gold College Ring 
from ArtCarved The karat gold 

lewetry that's deSigned and hand -
cralted for lasllng value 

And now an ArtCarved 14K Gold 
DATE April 9 • 13 College Rmg IS more aflordable than you 

th ink Choose from an entire collechon 01 
14K Gold ArtCarved College Rings and 

TIME 9:00. 4:00 save $25 ThiS ofler IS for a limited time 
on ly, so come in and see all the great 
ArtCarved styles With Ihe custom optIOns 

PLACE Bookltore that can tet you have the ling of your 
chOice , the way you want It 

So graduate In style Graduate 10 gold I 

DePOSII Aequlled ~ 
MaSleiCaid 01 Visa Acc.pled 

Ncblg else feels We real gold c 1983 Af lCarved Class Rings Inc 

friday at 8 pm, Jason 
Michaels, composer and pianist 
of New Music, wlll perform in 
concert at the Legler 8enbough 
Uttle Theatre, located at 10455 
Pomerado Road, on the campus 
of USIU. 

The concert is one night only. 
There wlll be no reservations. 
Tickets may be purchased at the 
door. Prices are: students $2 
and general public $5 . 

• • • 

Knife in the Water. a 1962 
Polish film. directed by Roman 
Polanski. screens Wednesday. 
April 18, at 7:30, at the ~ Jolla 
Museum of Contemporary Art. 

The drama concerns a couple 
who casually Invite a young 
hitchhiker to spend the 
weekend with them on their 
yacht When a storm forces the 
trio below deck. competition 
between the two men Intensifies 
In the conHned space. Jealousy. 
aggression and fear build to a 
vicious climax but the final 
ending leaves both the victor 
and the future uncertain. 

On Wednesday. April 25, the 
Museum presents Deep fnd. the 
Hnal Polish work In the series. at 
7:30 pm. All films are shown In 
the Museum auditorium. 
General admission $3: students 
and seniors $2. for information, 
call 454~267. 

Hopeless Romlatks. four years ago the 
Romantics were wearing channing red leather 
outfits and pllying "What I Uke About You" at 
the Roly In raclnc Heach and people were 
slamming. Shortly after their performance, 
the facility was leveled to make room for a 
post office. They abandoned the red suits and 
sta~ together. "What I Uke About You" 
became a party standard and people are still 
slamming. 

This little story might not mean anything 
except for the fact that these same Romantics 

are coming to the UCSO Gym this friday. They 
have managed to release three more albums 
since their debut effort In 1980, 

Jimmy Marinos. Wally Palmar, Mike Skill 
and Coz Canler may not be household names. 
they might not even be musicians. but they 
are coming to a campus near you. Also on the 
bill with the Romantics Is Wang Chung. 
Tickets are $11.50, and a few remain at the box 
office. Too much fun will be had, and who 
knows If the gym will even be around 
afterwards. 

• • • • • • Mandeville series. April 18 at 8 
pm In the Recital Hall. There will be a student 

composers' conference friday 
through Sunday. representing 
all UC campuses. for further 
information. call 452-4383. 

• • • 

There will be a casting 
seminar Saturday at San Diego 
City College at 1 pm. 

• •• 

Agatha Christie's Moustrap 
will be performed at the fiesta 
Dinner Theater through April 29, 

• •• 

The San Diego Repertory 
Theater will present lJeyond 
Therapy by Christopher Durang 
through May 6. for further 
Information. call 231-3586. 

• • • 

All that jazz 
and its free 
at the Pub 

By JAIIIf.S RALrH rArr 
Smokey Wilson. who hails 

ft'om 1916 Mississippi by way of 
The Pioneer Club In Watts. will 
Inaugurate tomorrow the Triton 
Pub's seven-week series of 
friday jau performances. Over 
the subsequent half-dozen pre-
weekend occasions. Hal Crook. 
81g Mama Thorton. ~11a Ruth 
Plggee. Hollis Gentry. the Blond 
Bruce 8an4 and ~y Reed. not 
to mention his accompanying 
Rockits. will follow Wilson's 
Smoke. 

The shows are characterized 
by two things: their performers' 
quality and their absence of 
someone at the door collecting 
mOMY ft'om jazz aficionados. or 
anyone else for that matter. All 
the concerts are free. to the 
extent that anything Is these 
days, having been paid for by 
the student Center Hoard. The 
only requirement for 
admittance Is that one present 
oneself between 4:30 and 6:30 
pm on any friday until the 
Trltonjau season ends post-May 
25. 

• • • Wcllter Hendl will conduct the Get ready for a "Uederabend" 
without odium. with baritone 
Michael Ingham and pianist 
Carolyn Horn. a presentation of 
the Wednesday ~venlngs at 

Ingham, baritone, who has 
been acclaimed "a young 
flscher-Dleskau" (one of the 
world's most noted singers) by 
Andrew Porter of the New 
Yorker. and Carolyn Horn, 
praised equally by the same 
critic as a "pianist who 
Instinctively finds the full 
meaning of every phrase." offer 
" Songs of franz Liszt ": 

Where else can one here hear 
fine music surrounded by good 
people eating bad food. unless 
one Invites one's friends over for 
a homemade dinner to listen to 
Wildon's latest album, 88th SL 
Blues (which incidentally will 
cost money)? 

A lifeofcomedy-drarnaset In . Symphony's Mozart/Mahler 
Ireland opens at the Patio program replacing David 
Playhouse friday. April 20. for Zinman due to scheduling 
further Info., call 74«HJ669. complications. 

"Verglfted sind Meine Ueder" 
(Het ne), "Tre Sonetti di 
retrarca," and more. 

IN CONCERT 

The Exhilerating Sounds of 

ARK 
EADOWS 

with an All-Star Band 

Recently returned from his European 
tour, Mark brings his magic back to 

San Diego for one unforgettable 
evening. This show is guaranteed to 

be a sight & sound sensation. 

Friday, April 27th / 8:00 pm 
UCSD Mandeville Auditorium 

$8.00 General Admission / $5.00 Students, Faculty, Staff 

Call tile UCSD Box O/liee (452-455'), nelcetron, 
or Meadows Entertain .. ent (456-2216). 

April 12. 1984 nlMu 7 



ICSDT, H.PA. a the Revelle Programming Board pre.."t a benefit... 

for the IJ, Martell 

LEUKEMIA & CANCER 
Research Foundation 

FREE Albums, Posterl etc. 
wndl~(Q) dancing with Michael Jacklon, 

Culture Club, Wham, Nina Hagen, 
Cindy Lauper, Elvis Costello, 

Malcolm McLaren & more!!! 

musIc by ~1Dil,s Mobile Disc Jockey Unit! 
SAT. APRIL 14 REVELLE CAfe 

9:00 pm 
Help stop one of America's number one killers, 

and have fun at the same tlmel 
KSDT can be heard on 
540 AM UCSD Campus 

Donations: & on 95,7 FM Cox Cable 

$2 & soon on Southwestem $1.50 Students General Public Cable, 

CINEMA OF JAPAN 
I Kl"l t'I\IM,I', 1\1'" N 1111 nll'AMI"""'1 ,,1 1 1I 1'IOMY 

I KIRLJ 
t 1962) Aklra Kurosa\\'.1 

April H 

A F ULL L IFE 

A':'. A T R' R EVENGE 
( I %J' br Kon ichikawa 

April 17 

R EDBEARD 
(1965) b}' Aklra Kurosawa 

May I 

L ATE S PRING 
(1962) by Susumu Han! (1 949) by YasuJlro Ozu 

May 8 May 15 

All films In Japanese with English su btltl~s 
Series: $5 .00, Single $1.50 

T UE DAYS. P ETERSON H ALL 108. 7 30 P.M. 
UCSD Box Office. 452-4559 

, 

UC Third World--------
StudentPolitical~~~~~~~~~ 

Action Day-~~~~~-~-~ 
"Rally Against Racist ·Violence & 
Attacks on Affirmative Action" 

Thursday, April 12 
11:30 - 1:00 pm 

Gytn Steps &, Hump 

8 IIUtu April 12, 1984 

Campus-wide event to oppose 
recent upsurge in racist violence 

directed toward Third World 
Students at UCSD & to 

protest UC's efforts to 
eliminate Affirmative Action 

programs. 


