
James 
Swift 
takes a 
hike to the 
Great White 

: Nonh. See 
story, pg. 7. 



2 Monday, OCI. 15, 19 ~ 

A group of San Diego physicians 
announced plans to sponsor a major 
address covering the Administration's 
proposed Star Wars defense system. 

"We plan a major policy statement 
covering all aspects of the Stra tegic 
Defense Initiative, to be delivered by a 
leadmg exp ert in nu lear weapons 
policy." said Patrick Lyden, MD , 
speaking for Physicians for Social 
Responsibility (PSR). "Dr. Alan Sweedler. 
professor of physics at SDSU, is a noted 
au thor, sCIentist, and consultant and 
director of the Center for Energy Studies 
at SDSU: Lyden continued. 

The address, sched uled fo r 7 :30 pm 
on October 18 at the Unitarian C hurch , 
4190 Front Street, will focus on 
technical issues und erlying the defense 
plan. "Our educational programs cover 
the medical effects of nuclear war. This 
discussion of the Star Wars technology 
will allow our physicians to better grasp 
the technIcal Issues behind the concept 
of space-based ciefense systems," said 
Dr. J. William Hollingsworth , president 
o f San Diego PSR. "This address will 
analyze the Star Wars plan from a 
tec hnical , political and economIc 
perspective . The proposal will be 
descnbed and possible countermeasures 
presented . The cOSt of the program and 
its impact on the budget will be 
considered. 

o 
A two-day classroom and field trip 

course on the WInter bi rds in marIne 
habitats of San Diego. sponsored by the 
Scnpps Aquarium, will be held Friday 
and Saturday. October 26-27. 

The course will focus on the bIrds 
that travel the "Pacific Flyway," 
wintering over in San DIego or 
co ntinuing along the coast ro locations 
further south . The first meeting. on 
October 26, will be held from 7-9 pm 10 
the Scripps Aquarium classroom at 8602 
La j olla Shores Dr. on the Scripps 
campus of UC San Diego. 

The evening lecture will provide 
mformatlon on the natural hisrory of 
various species of birds, tips on good 
wimer bird-watching locations, and 
personal anecdotes conceming birds. 
Slides, movies and museum specimens 
will augment the lecture. Barbara Moore. 
an Aquarium instructor, will lead the 
course. 

The location of the bird-watching 
field trip, scheduled for 2-4 pm, October 
27, will be announced at the Friday 
evening class. 

The fee for the rwo-day course is $10 
fo r the general public and $8 for Scripps 
Aquarium Associates. For registration , 
contact the Scripps Aquarium at 452-
4578. 

o 

Researchers at the Los Alamos 
Na tional Laboratory have completed a 
massive scle nuftc "stake out" of a 
rugged. i5-mile-long canyon in Western 

Colorado as part of a $ i million high-
tec h pollution probe. 

"We conducted experiments that 
promise to reshape the accuracy of 
many environmental surveys and 
weather reports." says Sumner Barr. a 
meteorologist with the Eanh and Space 
Sciences Division . 

The ii-member Los Alamos team 
joined forces with more than 100 
scientists from almost 20 federal 
agenCies. national laboratories, colleges 
and universities. 

They conducted three weeks of 
ex periments deSigned to allow us ro 
berte r understand how pollution is 
transponed and dispersed in areas filled 
with mountains, vaUeys and other 
complex terrain. 

"Traditional forecasting techniques are 
just wrong for this terrain ," says Barr. 
"Our current methods are based on data 
from less challenging counttyside." 

During the experiments, which e nded 
October 5, scientists released tiny 
amounts of harmless chemicals at one 
end of Colorado's Brush C reek Canyon , 
near Grand Junction. There were seven 
such releases in all . 

EqUipment then traced. tracked and 
measured the chemicals as their 
particles fanned out and traveled down, 
up or out of the canyon . 

The experiments took place at night 
and beTWeen passing weather systems 
when conditions were calm and best for 
good test results. 

Lasers measured wind speed. 
Meteorological rowe rs beamed test data 
to sa tellites orbiting overhead. Large 
sonar stations tracked the air flow 
through thr r~ nyon , while compute rs 
recorded data from mobile field 
laboratories. 

Moreover., five-man Japanese 
Envlronment ... l Agency team supplied 
state-o f-the-art balloon equipment that 
floa ted sophisticated wind- , 
temperature- and turbulence-recording 
sensors to al titudes preVIOusly 
unattainable . 

The massive field work is pan of a 
multi-year Depanment of Energy 
researc h effon called ASCOT, or 
Atmospheric Studies in Complex 
Terrain . It is a unique effort to produce 
improved air-quality assessments in 
regions where new energy resources, in 
this case oil shale plants, are being 
considered . 

o 

Persons suffering from symptoms of 
hay fever are needed for a UCSD 
Medical Center study testing the 
effectiveness of a new anti histamine 
drug that should not induce drowsiness. 
The o ne-week study consists of TWO 
visits to the Medical Center. UCSD 
students will be compensated $50 for 
their time. For information caU Dr. 
Stephen Wasserman at 294-6911 or 
294-5982. 

~---------~----------~ 
~ .l 

- .~--I- - f- - f- r----- +-nLl oj t--t-- r -llr1lo1! ,." 
- ~ "",l-' ~ t r.- I 'I. IL • ~"'" W ~ '"j I~" 1 I'" .. I .... Pl I' ~rt J ~ i I ... r I " III . ~ r- I'll'" 11' 1'\ .. • fill" ... r' •• ...~ 11." .. "'_ Ie: f9r! 

li. L 'I ~. I I" '-' """ !'J 1M .. -~ !I' I 
Cover: Follow Scripps Institution of Oceanography 
scientist James H. Swift as he and an international group 
of geologists and .oceanographers head to the end of the 
world to discover that there's more to the Arctic than 
meets the eye, See cover stol)', page 7. 
News: A possible measles epidemic on the horizon, Alcohol 
Awareness Week at UCSD, plus new figures on UCSD Medical 
School enrollment. 

Opinions: Commentaries on abortion alternatives and the 
candidacy of Walter Mondale, plus 'Things that go zap in the 
night," letters and Doonesbury. 

Perspectives: A UCSD pre-med student's summer job in a real 
Twilight Zone .... Next stop, Vietnam. 

Sports: Water polo falls to Berkeley at Canyonview. plus a look at 
the violence below the surface of this seemingly docile titde sport. 
Also, a preview of what Campus Rec has to offer in the way of "Day 
At's." 

And more ... The Weekly Calendar and the AS Bulletin. 

COVER DESIGN BY JOHN ASHLEE 

los Alamos National Labo· ,tory 
chemists have discovered a new method 
of recovering plutonium in a potentially 
safer, more economical and easier way 
than any now available. 

"It's a major breakthrough," says P. 
Gary Eller of the laboratory's Isotope 
and Nuclear Chemistry Division . 

The method promises to revolutionize 
the handling of nuclear materials at 
government facilities and to spinoff 
important technology to a variety of 
civilian industries. 

The team invented a way of using a 
chemical compound, dioxygen 
difluoride, at a very low temperature 
(350°F below zero) to react with the 
most commonly used forms of 
plutonium solids. The result is the 
creation of a gas that contains 
plutonium and is easy to control and 
capture . Several patent applications have 
been filed . 

Researchers injected dioxygen 
difluoride into pipes containing tiny 
[Taces of plutonium, and it made 
recovery of the valuable material 
possible. 

When dioxygen difluoride collides 
with the plutonium, a chemical reaction 
creates a gas containing plutonium that 
is easy to vacuum out. This represents 
an important new technique with 

powerful applications for the nuclear 
industry. 

Dioxygen difluoride could tum the 
recovery of radioactive materials from 
nuclear scrap and wasle into a simpler 
and more economical process, making 
waste management less of a concem. 
The more nuclear material cleaned Out, 
no matter how tiny the amount, the 
lower the level of radioactivity involved 
in disposal effons. 

"The present recovery methods can 
be incredibly tedious, troublesome and 
expensive," says Basil Swanson, leader 
for the Isotope and Structural Chemistry 
Group. 

Also, dioxygen difluoride could prove 
to be an excellent plutonium cleaning 
agent , easing the decontamination of 
equipment and cuning down on waste. 

Current decontamination efforts are 
labor intensive and generate 
considerable waste. 

A dioxygen diOuoricie injection might 
allow the recovery of plutonium from 
equipment, such as pipes and valves, as 
never before; the volatile compound of 
plutonium and fluoride is easier to work 
with at the low temperatures it allows. 
Furthermore, the approach substantially 
CutS down on the waste material caused 
by the present methods of washing 
away plutonium solids. 

- Sean Wagstaff 

Monday. OCI 15, 1984 3 

Measles spotted on campuses across nation 
By RENEE WENRICK. Sraff WliUr 

M EASLES ARE AN AiLMENT most of us associate with childhood , something long ago, "lived 
through" or vaccinated agai nst. Today, 
howeve r, there are an increasing 
number of outbreaks occurring on 
college campuses, and an estimated 15% 
of college-age indiViduals are susceptible 
to measles. 

People bom between 1957 and 1967 
were more than likely immu nized with 
an ineffective vaccine, since an effective 
vaccine was not developed until 1968, 
according to Dalynn Proffitt, health 
educator at UCSD's Student Health 
Services. 

"It is the vast majority of th is ten-year 
group of people that was either not 
informed that what they had been given 
was ineffective or was not exposbd to 
measles at that time ," Proffitt said. 

This group of people, aged 17 
through 27, makes up the bulk of the 
college population and helps to explain 
recent outbreaks at seven universities, 
Indiana University, Miami University (of 
Ohio), University of Houston , 
Louisianna State, Purdue, Danmouth, 
and the University of Vermont. 

"Some colleges, at least on the East 
Coast, have shown the beginning of 
epidemics," Proffitt said. 

Officials from the Center for Disease 
Control in Atlanta warn that California 
campuses could be next. To prevent 
such an outbreak. UCSD's Student 
Health Services is offering measle 
immunizations free of charge to 
students and staff. Walk-in hours are 

from Monday through Friday 8 am to 
4:30 pm. The County Health 
Department will also administer -measle 
vaccinations for a $2 charge. 

UCSD students are not requi red to 
have the immunization, but the Student 
Health Services is strongly 
recommending that students born 
between 1957 and 1967 check with 
their physicians to see if a vaccination 
is neccessary. Those who are unsure of 
their immunity should note that it does 
not hurt to get vaccinated rwice, Proffin 
said. 

Minor side effects from the vaccine 
such as a slight fever, rash and mild 
cough occasionally occur, while severe 
reac tions are extremely rare . However, 
it is recommended that women avoid 
vaccination during pregnancy as well as 
three months prior to pregnancy. 

The alte rnative to the vaccination is a 
gamble involving high stakes. For an 
adult who contracts rubella (German or 
three-day measles) or rubeola (red or 
seven to ten-day measles) it could mean 

. severe ear infections, brain inflamation , 
and even death . Women take a greater 
risk if German measles are contracted 
during pregnancy, which significantly 
increases the chances for fetal birth 
defects. 

"If you were to get the measles at this 
age , it's going to be a much worse 
disease than if you had gonen it when 
you were younger. Those of us tha t grew 
up before thi s and didn't have an 
opportuh ity to get the vaccination, we 
lived through measles," Proffitt said . 

Both rubeola and rubella measles are 
highly contagious, spreading easily in a 
college environment due to the relatively 
low levels of immu nity , the high . 
mobility of students and the tendency 
for students to congregate in large 
numbers. 

A national total f)f 1,436 measle cases 
was reported in 1983, of which the 
largest "chain of transmission ," 
approximately 32.4%, occurred among 

college stude nts. 
Another startling figure shows that 

San Diego County, since 1982, has had 
more cases of measles (451 ) than any 
other county in the nation . So far this 
year twelve cases have been reported in 
the San Diego COUnty area compared to 
only three cases last year during the 
same time period. However, none of 
these cases in 1984 have involved 
college-age individuals. ~ 

Med school enrollment 
The 1984 entering class includes the 

largest percentage of women yet to 
enroll at the School of Medicine , 
according to Dr. Charles Spooner, 
associate dean of admissions. In fact . 
the percentage exceeds the national 
average, which according to the 
American Medical Association is 33%. 

Of the 122 members of the entering 
c1ass, 44 (J6%) are women and 41 
(34%) are minorities, with 19 minority 
students (16%) admitted through the 
Special Admissions Program. 

The average age of the students is 23 
years and three months, with ages 
ranging from 18 to 40. The 18-year-old 
is a graduate of Johns Hopkins 
University, while the 40-year-old has a 
PhD in psychology, Spooner said . 

"We have maintained a high level of 

academic achievement with this class. 
The average MCAT score is in the 90th 
percentile of the 50,000 people who 
took the MCAT. The trend that we've 
been seeing toward admitting more 
non-science majors has reversed with 
th is class, but these students are broadly 
educated, and only 83 are entering 
directly from college. A number of the 
members of this class have had 
interesting life experiences, and 39 have 
one or more years of experience in an 
allied health field." 

Five students have entered the 
Medical Scientist Training Program, and 
seven will have delayed matriculation 
because of other academic 
commitments. 

> CONTINUED ON PAGE 9 > 

UCSD Theatre 1984-85 Season 
Mandell Weiss Center for the Performing Arts 

ExPLORATIONS IN THEATRE THAT SIGNAL NEW DIRECTIONS FOR THE DRAMATIC ARTS 

TRELAWNY OF THE "WELLS" SPECIAL PROJEO' 
An unabashedly sentimental comedy about life in the 
theatre that "sparkles with wit...with JUSt the right 
combination of bubbly farce and heans-and-fiowers 
romance." Starring Eric Christmas. 

October 31 • Novtmber 11 

Winter means excitement and challenge when designers 
Robert Israel and Richard Riddell join forces with an 
emerging directing talent from New York's downtown 
scene. This creative collaboration will produce an 
adventurous and stimulating dramatic work. 

CURSE OF THE 
STARVING ClASS 
Sam Shepard's powerful play about a !amily that IS 
stolrving- nor so much fo r food, but for life-is arresting 
in both its crud ity and tendemess. Called a "work of 
eloquent inrensity and whirlwind farce .. .. " 

Ftbruary 6-17 
~--------------------------------l r 

o Pluse !ltnd me a copy of the 1984-85 Season brochure 
right away. 
Nune ______________________________________ __ 
Addre~ __________________________________ _ 

City, ___________ Zip Code ________ .,.-
Phone No. (Day) (Eve.) _______ _ 
MaUto: UCSD Drama Dept, 8·0 ..... , La Jolla, CA 92093. 
Or chalJe your subscription b~ phone to Visa/Mastercard 
at 452-3793. ~ ________________________________ J 

May 1-12 

PLUS A BONUS OF 
lWO GRADUATE REPERTORY PlAYS 

See the same profeSSionally trained students play different 
roles in two productions on alternating nights in March. 

5 Plays for Only $18! 
RESERVE YOUR SEATS NOW 

CALL 452·3793 



Abortion alternatives 
By CHERYL SAWYER 

In 1973, the United States Supreme 
Court deemed abortions performed in 
the first trimester of pregancy legal. The 
basis for this decision lay in the 
ambiguity of when a fetus becomes an 
acrual human being. In his first debate 
with Walter Mondale last Sunday night, 
President Reagan stressed the 
importance of determining when a ferus 
is a human being, for only then could 
the law that he seeks to enact be just. 
Reagan supported the alternative of 
adoption , reasoning that thousands of 
couples are waiting to adopt a baby. 

Contrary to what the Pro-Life 
movement may believe, the solution to 
the abortion problem is not a ban on 
abortion. The problem IS that abortion 
has been treated as a form of birth 
control, instead of a crucial last resort. 
We have been spending nme and 
money on the sad consequences of poor 
education (i.e. abortion) instead of 
prevention (i .e . contraceptives). 

When pregnant teenagers are asked 
whether or not they had been using 
birth control, the overwhelming reply is: 
"I'm not that kind of girL" In essence 
this means that if they used birth 
control, they would have "planned" sex, 
which at their age is a no-no. Ask any 
nurse working for a government-funded 
pre- and post-natal program to confirm 
this. Most pregnant teens do choose 
adoption, yet many decide to "keep" 
their babies once maternal Instinct and 
guilt has ensued . Yet you would be 
surprised how many of these young 
women head for the adoption agency 
when the novelty of "playing dolly" has 
fizzled . There is no shortage of five-

year-olds in need of a home, Mr. 
Reagan . 

If a ban on abortion did come into 
effect, how do you tell an adopted child 
his father is a rapist, or worse yet his 
own grandfather or uncle? Very few men 
In this society would cheerfully tolerate 
their wives, daughters or sisters giving 
birth to the product of such violent and 
unacceptable crimes. Can we condemn 
rape and incest, and at the same time 
glorify the "humane" act of bnnging the 
products of such crimes into the world? 
No. The Catholic Church's "unspeakable 
crime" is not abortion; it's the millions 
of children born who suffer from 
poverty, child abuse and broken homes; 
it's the millions of taX doUars spent on 
the sad consequences of poor 
education, Instead of prevention; it's 
teUing people they are not moral if they 
vote for supporters of abortion. 

I should hate to think that both 
candidates for the 1984 Presidential 
election are merely using the abortion 
issue to chalk up more points for the 
New Right or traditional Left. But I'd 
really hate to see a ban on abortion, 
brought on by a bunch of uninformed , 
dead-fetus-poster-waving hecklers. 

On November 6, I urge male voters to 
imagine themselves in the position of 
the father, husband or brother of a rape 
victim , or worse yet, imagine themselves 
with an unwanted pregnancy and no 
altemative but adoption. 1 urge women 
voters to take a hard look at the 
freedom the Supreme Court granted 
them just over a decade ago, and to 
hold onto it tightly. 

Dr~aming of Mondale 
By KATHERINE SHECORA 

When Ronald Reagan was elected to 
the Presidency in 1980, statisticians 
noticed that he was soon to be the 
oldest man ever to hold the office. Few 
took note of this fact when he was 
elected, which was a mistake. Instead of 
voting for Reagan the Man, the 
American public chose Reagan the 
Image, the image they saw in his 60-
year-old mOVIes, his 30-year-old 
television series, and those 20-year old 
cigareue ads. The Man was younger 
then in his 30's and 40's, when he was 
one ~f the leading men in Hollywood . 

But, alas, time changes all . In the first 
Presidential debate of this voting year, 
Mr. Reagan had the opportUniry to 
speak first . His voice shook not 
uncharacteristically (watch any of his 
paSt news conferences); this was one of 
the few events he participated in, in 
which he did not have the opportunity 
to rehearse to great extremes. 

On numerous occasions, Reagan 
showed himself to be forgetful. His 
worst mistake concerned the Social 
Security system, a subject so dear to his 
generation. He denied that he had 
wanted to make a $20 million-dollar cut 
in Federal funding of the program, as 
his opponent Walter Mondale accused. 
Reagan continued by saying that the 
Social Security system does not 
contribute to the national deficit 
because "it is separate from the Federal 
budget." Look again at your notes. Mr. 
Reagan. Social Security was incorporated 
into the federal budget in 1967 by 
President Johnson. 

President Reagan has a gift for 
rhetoric, especially when it concems 

moral questions such as school prayer 
and abortion. He questioned whether a 
child would be allowed to say a private 
prayer on school grounds if a (liberal) 
court forbade any form of prayer a,t 
school. 

"But what about organized prayer?" 
asked Mondale. "Who would write the 
prayer, and who would be hurt by it?" 

Abortion was an interesting topiC, 
especiaUy as each candidate groped for 
words. Reagan told of his belief that the 
life of a ferus "is already protected by 
the laws of this country ," but , in his 
supporting statements, not one word 
was said indicating the role of the 
mother-to-be , or the mother-would-be. 
Mondale, on the other hand, took a 
more humanitarian view. He made no 
clear-cut statement about when life 
begins (he is not sure, like much of the 
general populace), but he has 
compassion for the pregnant woman. 
He referred to the needs of the woman 
who is a victim of rape or incest, and 
her feelings regarding her traumatic 
pregnancy. 

Mondale took a risk last July at "the 
San Francisco Democratic Convention 
when he declared the inevitability of a 
tax increase, which President Reagan 
has yet to fully acknowledge. The deficit, 
which expands by amounts larger than 
the national budgets of many small 
Third World nations, supposedly will 
"go away" in a maner of juSt a few years 
if Americans will work hard and 
produce. There is little in Reagan's 
budget plans that details a specific plan 

> 'CONTINUED ON PAGE 6 > ~---------------~ 
ll<eilit<elr ~ll<eilit<elr~ll cellit<elr~n<ellit<err~n ~till®rr ~ll e(ill~rr ~n<eilit~rr~ll <eilit<err ~ll<eilit<eIr~n ce~~cerr~ll cellit<eIr$llce 

~celf~lettersncellit<err~ll<ellit®rr~ll®frfr®rr~n®ilit®rr~nceilit®lr$n®till~Ir~n~frfr<elf$n<efdt~lr~n<efcttcelf$llcefdt~ 
Jr~n®till®Jr~n®ilit<eJr~ll®llit~rr~ll®ili.t®Jr~n~frfr~lr~ncefrfr<.eJr~ll®ilit®lf~ll®fdtcelr~n<etillcelf~ll<eilit<eIr~n<efctt<eIr 
n<ellit®Jr~ll®fdt®Jr~n®ttit®lf~ll~frfr®lf~n®frfr®lf~ll®frfr®lf~ll®\illcerr~ll®frfr<err~ll®~fr<eIrll<eftfr<elf~n<efr~celrll<e{t 
In praise of Shirck 
Editor: 

W J Schacht's recent article condemns 
Laun Shirck for holding values such as 
"determination ," "hard work," "ingenuity," 
"self-reliance" and "courage" as important, 
and equates Ms. Shirck, President Reagan 
and thc Republican Party with Adolf Hitler. 

What, Mr. Schacht, is wrong with 
values in Amenca? Values builr thIS 
country and will keep it alive provided 
Americans don't lose Sight of them. 
Determination and courage to succeed 
in the face of great odds instead of 
whining and pointing fingers blaming 
everybody but themselves for what's not 
going ight in their lives has been the 
trademark of almost aU success stories 
In America from the Revolution to the 
present. Ingenuity and self-reliance and 
not sining back expecting the 
government to provide them with a 
living are what makes Americans great. 
Morality and decency are two strong 
values that she failed to mention. 

Mr. Schacht, believing in sound and 
strong values does not make someone a 
Nazi nor is an adminsitration who 
upholds these an oppressive regime. 

I commend Ms. Shirck for her 
courage to stand up for what she 
beJiflles in espedaHy in me face of liberal 
~dents and teachers hungry for 
someone to rake over the coals, some of 
them' with enough power to destroy her 

academically. 
Pride in America is finally a realiry 

again . The Carter-Mondale 
administration made us the laughing 
stock in the eyes of the world . Crime 
was at an all-time high, inflation rates 
over 12% and interest rates over 22% 
crippled our economy. Incredibly high 
taxes took away the rest. The asinine 
grain embarge destroyed our farmers. 
The Soviet Union and other hostile 
countries laughed while a tiny group 
of Iranian terrorists brought the United 
StateS of America to her knees. One 
wonders why the Democratic Party 
doesn't use imagery in their campaign. 
It doesn't seem to me they have a wholl' 
lot to be proud of. 

Dave Knupp 

You tn see it here 
To the students of UCSD: 

UCSD is currently taking a long, close 
look at itself. The university is mounting 
this effort because the Western 
Association of Schools and colleges 
requires that itS members do an in-
depth self-evaluation every ten years. 
Also, having an accurate underStanding 
of UCSD's current strengths and 
weaknesses IS essential as we plan for 
the future . 

As Dean of Arts and Sciences, I chair 
the Stl'ering Committee that is 

responsible for directing the process of 
self-evaluation. Students, faculty, and 
staff are all participating. Mary Rose 
Alexander, the AS Vice PreSident, is 
currently the undergraduate student 
representative on the Steering 
Comminee. 

The final report will provide us with 
(1) a description of aU aspects of the 
campus, (2) an assessment of its 
strengths and weaknesses, and (3) 
proposals for solving its problems. 
Because this Self-Study Report, and the 
process of writing it, is so important . I 
will send periodic reports to The 
Guardian. Our ultimate goal is to find 
ways to make this great university even 
greater. 

Stanley Chodorow 
Dean of Arts and Sciences 

Smearing Papp 
Editor: 

It is with great reluctance that 1 
submit this letter due to the fact that the 
laSt letter I submitted to the Guardian 
was made nonsensical by the then 
Opinions Editor James Ralph Papp. Mr. 
Papp's piece "Funding women is key to 
equal rights" (October 8), however, 
contains so many ridiculous statements 
that I simply can't help myself. 

Mr. Papp declares that equality oj 
outcome is a great objective. He hails 
quotas as a quick way to "erase the 

legacy of past injustices against aU 
oppressed or rejected people ." But he 
laments, "Quotas can be unpopular, 
particularly with those who have 
inherited the advantages of centuries lof 
what?!," and who have "inherited 
domination." I would be interested to 
know what inherited advantages JeWish , 
Japanese and Polish Americans have 
that are so unfair to everyone else . 
These three groups have, historicaUy, 
faced high degrees of animosity, yet 
they are the groups which have the 
highest incomes in this country. 

With MI'. Papp's repugnance of 
oppression he seems to be blind to the 
fact that he is endorsing oppression . 
Equality of outcome is only fair if 
everyone has equal capabilities and 
interests are equally distributed across 
groups. Yt;t Papp wants 50% of all 
lawyers, and everyone else, to be 
women. Does he also want 80% of all 
basketbaU players to be white? 
Maintaining strict laws (0 achieve 
equality of outcome necessitates 
government interfering in the 
occupational choices of individuals, 
They also necessitate lower productivity 
and lower standards of living as 
employment based on merit is replaced 
by employment based on race and sex. 

Furthermore, why does Mr. Papp 
endorse schemes such as "comparable 

> CONTlNUED ON PAGE 5 > 

Monday. Dec. 15. 198'1 5 

il <eilit<elr ~~ <e{t{t<elr ~ll <eilit<eJ 
tt<eIf$letterln(f;{t{t<eIf~n( 

Doonesbury ::::::::============================= BY GARRY TRUDEAU!!!!I!!!!~ 

< CONTINUED FROM PAGE 4 ~ 
wonh?" Govemment bureaucrats 
(assuming they devise a way to compare 
the thousands of different jobs In this 
country and to account for non-
monetary advantages such as 
geographical location and workplace 
envifonment) have no incentive not to 
discriminate if they c hoose. In the 
market, however, discrimination is very 
costly. If an employer hires, say, a white 
whose productiviry is $5 an hour over a 
black whose productivity is $7 an hour, 
he loses $2 an hou r by discriminating. 
The profit and loss system makes such a 
chOICe unattractive. This IS why groups 
such as Jews, Japanese and Poles have 
been able to overcome hatred and 
prejudice. 

The current welfare system, however, 
dIscourages, and in the case of the 
minimum wage law, forbids other 
minority groups from pursuing the path 
to success other groups took in the 
past-competing in the market 
economy. Space here does not permit a 
proper defense of this position (which 
Mr. Papp says should be ignored) so I 
will merely suggeSt a perusal of George 
Gilder's Wealth & Pavelty and of the 
studies done by the black economist 
Thomas Sowell. 

One final item that must be 
addressed is Mr. Papp's assumption that 
inequality in income, etc., is necessarily 
due to discrimination . Before jumping to 
conclusions, he should investigate data 
on age, work experience, trends in labor 
force participation rates, biological 
factors (such as child bearing) and other 
relevant factors. If he would do so we 
would all be faced with a little less 
unresearched, self-righteous babble. 

C. BllIndon Crocker 
Imperator, California Review 

DEEPSEA 
FISHING 

$15.00 
INCLUDES:: 

.BOAT COST 

.FISHING TACKLE 

.BAIT 
• FISH BAG CDAIL Y 

POOL-OUR OWN-
NOT THE BOAT'S} 

DOES NOT INCLUDE: 

DERBY 
LA JOLLA 

KELP BEDS 
Sat. Oct. 20 
noon-6pm 
UCSD STUDENTS 

FACULTY & STAFF 
eFISHING LICENSE (DAILY LICENSE 

AVAILABLE AT BOAT DOCK) 
eTRANSPORTATION TO & FROM DOCK 

Sign up and details at 
Canyonview by Friday 
October 19th. 

ANTIPASTI 
Surruner Squash Soup 
Pl"05Ciutto e Melone 

GOO. YOU M£ 
II FII5T' TK/iCJt'£X.' 
I KNEIAJ IT.' so 
IOAIOOYOU 

FeU? 
\ 

Prosciuuo with Melon or Frt:sh FrUit in Season 
Mdanzane Parmigiana 

EggpIanI baked witfi Mozzare1la and Tomato 

PASTE E PIATTI FORTI 
Linguine aI ~o 

Linguine with Basil, Olive Oil, Garlic and Pine Nuts 

Linguine aile Vongole 
Lmguine with Red or Whit< Clam Sauce 

Rigatoni Arnatriciana 
Rigaloni with F'teJh Tomato Sauce and Pancclla 

Salsicce Grigliate con Peperonata 
Charcoal Grilled Italian Sausage with Peperonata 

Charcoal Grilled open face Hamburger with Roasted Peppers, 
Onions and Cheese 
Mixed Grill of'kgetables with Marinated Goat Cheese 
lnsalata eli Spinaci 

Spinach Salad with Pasta Shells, OIi\,,,,, rela Cheese and Pine Nuts with 
Balsamic Vinegar O"""ing 

CAUFORNlA PIZZA 
Reuben Pizza 

Corned beef, sau<rilrnUI. swiss cheese and thousand i".:Uld d""''''"g 
Camitas Pizza 

Onega chillis. pork. onions. tomatoes. cilantro and Mexican chec~ 

Pizza QuatlrO furmaggi 
Mozzarella, swiss, romano and fonu"" checoes 

Pizza Frutti Mare 
Baby shrimp, "luid and sc<>lIo"" 

CaliO)1e MeIanzanc 
Grilled eggpIanl. mozzarella. mac<! garloc, lomaloes and h<rbs 

CaIzone SaIsicce 
Sausage. mozzartUa. ricotta and lUn dned lom.l0<3 

OOLCI 
Gelati· Fruita Espresso 1.50 Cappuccino 2.00 

6.75 

6.75 

5.50 

6.00 
5.50 

8.00 

8.50 

8.75 

9.00 

8.00 

8.50 

CoIi:e and Tea 1.00 



6 Monda>, Dc!. 15, 1984 

Things that go zap in the night 
By JOE DESIDERIO, Opinions Edllor 

Here at UCSD. many of us pursue 
science-oriented majors, with the goal of 
research or industrial applications 
foremost in our minds. Visions of high-
tech surroundings come to mind: sleek. 
angular buildings with interiors 
designed for maximum productivity; 
terminals replacing rypewriters; 
computer-regulated security systems and 
doors marked with required clearance 
levels; radiation detectors (barometers 
predicting atmospheriC trends?) placed 
conspicuously on rows of desks. 

Ah, but the flip Side is a rewarding 
one: starting salanes of $30,000 and up; 
rapid advancement and increased 
responsiblliry In a short time; stock 
options and prestige awaiting each 
technological advance. 

Lately, I wonder how we will fare , as 
productive members of SOciety, given 
the nature of the tasks which we will be 
put to. For example, conSider the 
follOWing situation: 

Oerobel-, 1991-1 invent the amazing 
Laser-Guided Toenail Clipper (LGTC). 
in conjunCtlon with a large research and 
development (R&D. for those of you not 
up on your acronyms) firm called 
MegaClips. Now MegaClips, sensing that 
this will be the biggest advance In 
personal hygiene since dental floss, 
steps up production and cranks out 
enough LGTCs to meet the growing 
demand. 

One evening, I return home from the 
office. I enter my attached-housing unit 
(funn y, they used to be called condos) 
and am about to sit down to an MTV 
dinner when the Channel 372 news 
comes on . Shocked by the lead stOl)" I 
hit the "recap" button and watch again 
With growing horror as the image of five 

UCSD Outing Club & 
Office of 
Campus Recreation 
present 

bloody toes (and one LGTC) fllis my 
widescreen TV. My dinner now 
hopelessly overradiated, my appetite 
shot 10 hell , I decide to head to the 
nearest bar to dull my frazzled nerves. 

I make it to Crazy Jack's , a little shak)' 
but still prett), much myself. That all 
changes when I see [\VO of my senior 
office mates watching another news clip . 
Apparently, thc scene I witnessed had 
been repeated at least a dozen times 
today. One report pointed out that some 

ew York City gang members had 
figured OUt how to adjust the amplitude 
regulator and turn my nifty clipper into 

Mondale 
< CO TI UED FROM PAGE 4 < 
for a sound economy that wiu endure 
through the next four years. Instead, the 
PreSident blames much of this problem 
on the ciVil service. Though there is 
admiuedly a horrendous amount of 
waste and overspendi ng (In ordinary 
laymen 's tools, the entire body of 
Federal workers IS being punished as a 
whole. 

The Federal pensIOn plan, for years a 
major incentive for skilled laborers to 
work for the government, has been 
abolished. Two years ago, all new 
Federal employees began paying into 
the Social Secunry system. something 
which has proven to be unpopular. This 
situation has hardly been publiCized; 
Federal employees are prohibited by law 
from partiCipating in partisan politiCS, 

protective clothing 

Come: buy, sell, trade 

FREE 
Open to the public 

UCSD Recreation Gym patio 
Tues. Oct 16 

Outdoor Equipment ONLY 

fIIther I1fo: 
cal Chuck Gormley 452- 4037 

OCT' 
campus recreation 

Department of Physicol Education 

5-7pm 

a po ket-slzed hght saber '( damn that 
Popular Science arti Ie!). 

Infuriated that my hard work could 
have gone to such a demented end, I 
stumble out of the bar and wander 
aimlessly through the dark streets. The 
instant after I realize I'm being followed, 
twO young men accost me neara proverbial 
dark alley. Just when I think nothing else 
could go wrong, they pull out a pair of 
customized LGTCs and-

Ocrobel-, 1984-1 wake up from a 
disturbing nightmare. These nightmares 
seem to occur when I dream about the 
tremendous opportunities for graduatcs 

nor ma), they strike (the PATCO firings 
of 1981 took care of any last vestiges of 
unionism in their ranks). 

Many people, including President 
Reagan, associate Mondale with the 
Iranian hostage CriSIS, which occurred 
during his Vice Presidency. The 
circumstances of those events affected 
the country on only the most superficial 
level. The 51 hostages and their 
immediate families were the victims of 
circumstances they could not COntrol. 
The ramifications of the Reagan 
presidency will be felt for many years to 
come. The more than 200 dead as a 
result of three separate bombings of the 
American embassy in Beirut and the US 
peace-keeping military base outSide of 
that ciry, as ,well as the events 
surrounding the US invasion of 
Grenada, are constant reminders of a 
foreign policy that could make the 
United States an international pariah. In 
even the smallest Western European 
towns, graffiti covers waUs in public 

of this University and others throughout 
the world . Many of us Will go on to 
develop technological breakthroughs , 
and although household gadgets might 
be hot items, military gadgets will 
probably occupy the minds-and 
chargeable hours-of the vaSt majoriry 
of graduating SCientists. 

There are important questions that we 
must face-and resolve-as students 
and eventual contributors to the 
technological fate of our world. Think 
about them ... but don't worry too much 
about tho e nightmares. After all, we can 
make them go away. 

areas, expressing the natives' 
desperation in their inability to secure 
their own national foreign policy. 

Jimmy Carter is notable in that he 
single-handedly expanded the role of 
the Vice Presidency to a usefulness 
never before achieved. Together, 
President Carter and Walter Mondllle 
worked long hours to secure an Ideal 
that Ronald Reagan has Virtually 
ignored, that is, the right of the 
individual. no matter what the political 
philosophy. President Reagan has, on 
the other hand, endorsed nearly every 
rightwing dictator who curses 
Communism (observe the situation in El 
Salvador). 

Ronald Reagan is living the American 
dream. live and in color. Walter 
Mondale, however, can make the dream 
come true for millions more. He already 
has for half the country, with the 
candidacy of his running mate . 
Geraldine Ferraro. 

Let the dream go on. 

UC San Diego 
CHAMBER MUSIC SERIES 

10TH ANNIVERSARY SEASON 
presents 

The luil1iard Strint.QwJrlet 
Haydn's Quartet in D Major, Op. 50, No.6 

Schumann's Quartet in F Major, Op'41, No,2 
Schubert's Quintet in C Major, D.956 (Op, 163) 

with Bonnie Hampton, cellist 

October 24, Wednesdav, 8:00p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 

Seriel tickets: $50.00, Sinllel tickets: $13.00 
~iTNJN- (i)T£L£TI\ON-

UCSD Box Office, 452-4559 
... ___ produced by the UCSD UNIVERSITV EVENTS OFFICE ___ _ 

( 

Monday, OCI 15, 198'1 7 

Scripps scientist probes the Arctic depths 
By GEORGE HECKERT 

W HEN ONE THINKS of expeditions to the Arctic Circle and the North Pole, 
one may imagine great adventurers 
trudging through the harsh and 
unforgiving floating ice packs and 
pressure ridges. One envisions dog 
teams struggling to pull sleds over the 
endless white and occasionally strangely 
green, luminescent, crumpled chunks of 
solid ice. One sees the glaring iceblink 
which can nearly blind an explorer 
wrapped in thick clothing and a 
massive parka. One sees the explorer, 
batding the elements on his way to the 
North Pole, planting his country's flag 
and walking around it, in less than 

minutes crossing aU longitudes of 
the planet Earth. 

Science has become virtually the only 
way to justify the huge COSt of such a 
journey. In fact, it is practically the only 
way to get a government grant to 
venture into either polar region from 
any nation, and the United States 
National Science Foundation usually . 
cannot process a request for a polar 
financial grant in less than two or three 
years. 

It was August 1983 when Dr. James H. 
Swift of UCSD's Scripps Institution of 
Oceanography was out sailing with 
some of his Gennan colleagues and 
friends in the waters off West Germany. 

Their American friend had been 10 
the Arctic Circle on scientific cruises 
and had flown in on helicopter to do 
studies there many iimes before. His 
interest was piqued. 

They told him they' were talking about 
something a titde different this time, 
involving the Polarstem. the most 
advanced floating research vessel on the 
face of the globe. Operated by the Alfred 
Wegener Institute for Polar Research in -
West Germany, it is an 11,000-ton, 390-
foot icebreaker able to make headway 
through five-foot· thick ice and capable 
of "bashing" through ice as thick as 15 
feet. 

[f the trip was not appealing enough 
as a lUXUry cruise, Swift's German 
colleagues said the Polarstern would be 
making a five-leg voyage around the 
Arctic Circle in the summer of 1984, 
and all they needed for the third leg of 
the journey was Swift and three 
technicians. The third leg was set to 
leave Longyearben, Spitsbergen, on July 
19. 1984 for the waters off the northeast 
tip of Greenland. 

Swift's mind was made up: He would 
organize a group of three of his finest 
technicians-David Muus, James 
Costello and Timothy Field-and be in 
Longyearben by July 19 of the following 
year. 

The measurements he and his three 
technicians were to do would be 
regarded as "routine" were they 
conducted off the coa t of Cahfornia. 
However. according to national data 
files, such measurements had never 

been 'llade before in that area of the 
Arctic Circle. 

"The Arctic Ocean region isn 't very 
well known ." SWift noted, "the 
oceanography of the deeper waters 
especially. It's a very difficult area to 
operate in. It's a floating ice pack rwo or 
three meters thick." 

The Scripps team planned to measure 
salinity, carbon dioxide and heavy 
oxygen levels, and the amounts of 
different man-made chemicals they 
thought they would find (such as tritium 
and freon , as well as cesium and 
stontium remaining from atmospheriC 
atomic bomb tests conducted before 
(970). Swift that, if were 

lucky, the expedition might get a few 
chances to take measurmems at 
"stations," or stops, in the Arctic Ocean. 

The $73.000 grant was approved with 
unusual haste , and the Scripps team left 
the shores of the Pacific with their 
supplies and eqUipment aboard a 747 
jet. They flew off for the northernmost 
human habitation on Earth: the 
Norwegian archipelago of Spitsbergen, 
about 550 miles north of mainland 
Non-vay. 

Swift found himself so fascinated with 
his work- he felt more at home "in the 
field" than in the restraining confines of 
Scripps-that he tended to put in 14-
and IS-hour workdays, neglecting the 
luxuries of his cabin for the near-
freezing Arctic summer temperatures 
outdoors. He could compare the cold to 
nothing worse than an averdge winter 
day in the Midwest; a good, heavy 
sweater and maybe an overcoat were aIt 
the extra clothing he needed to wear. It 
was still the time of year when the sun 
was above the horizon all day. 

Swift described the Scripps team's two 
basic purposes for being on the cruise 
that kept them working during those 
tedious shifts: 

"One was to make our own 
measurements of salinity. oxygen, 
temperature, etc ., and what we call 
nutrlents (silicate, nitrate and 
phosphate; these were used as tracers of 
the motions of the waters). The other 
was to provide water to the other 
chemists for additional measurements. 
Some of these additional measurements 
are extremely interesting. In some 
senses they were more interesting than 
what we were dOing. However, we were 
doing the principal chemical work. I 
was in charge of the chemical programs 
in general. and so I would circulate 
around to each of the laboratories and 
see what problems were developing and 
what we could do to improve things. 

"The Germans did prinCipally 
biological work on the distribution of 
plankton-the little lloating plants and 
animals In the ocean-at variou depths 
in and out of the icc. I don 't know how 
much they found . 

"And there were people doing bird 

and wildlife counting. Ships hadn't been 
in this area, so 24 hours a day there 
would be somebody up on lOp of the 
ship looking around and counting birds 
and polar bears and seals." said Swift. 

One day during the journey, near the 
coast of Greenland, the ship parked up 
against a big flow of ice , about the size 
of the UCSD campus. [t was really 
wedged in, right up against the edge of 
the ice. A few scientists. including one 
from Iceland . decided to get off the ship 
and go for a walk on the ice flow. The 
Icelander wanted 10 measure the 
thickness of the flow at various points. 
Swift describes what happened next: 

"The ice was all mushed and jammed 
together. It's very hard to describe. It 's 
not at all a flat , boring place. Well. he 
I the .Icelander I came over one of these 
ridges, and there was a polar bear right 
down below. Polar bears are fearsome 
animals. They're not like grizzlies; they 
regard anything as potential food . They 
don't have any limitations on their 
appetite. 

"These guys came running back like 
mad towards the ship, and the Icelander 
was shouting out, 'Bear! Bear!' 

"Well, the chief scientist on the ship 
could see this guy coming and could 
JUSt make out that he was saying 'Bear! 
Bear! ' as he saw them running back to 
the ship. Then he looked at his watch 
and he noticed that it was geaing late. 
Also , this was the day that the beer 
locker was open; you could buy beer for 
consumption in your cabin. He thought 
the guy was worried about missing beer 
call. So he grumbled something about, 
'This guy thinks beer is so important: 
and went down in the hold and bought 
him a case of beer. 

'The fellow who was at the ladder-
you always have someone standmg at 
the ladder-realized that (the man was 
crying) 'BEAR' and not 'beer: Bui his 
reaction to the situation was to pull the 
ladder up . .. before the guy got to the 
ship! He "'<Isn't thinking. He didn't 
want the bear to climb aboard the ship. 
Luckily in this case, however. the bear 
didn 't chase them. They finally got 
aboard safe." 

At dinnertime that sunlit night, the 
Icelander and his colleagues were 
treated to a loaf of just-made bread from 
the ship's baker. He had baked the 
bread loaf in the shape of a polar bear 
in a running position, with its mouth 
open. 

* * * Soon the Polarstern was movmg into 
the far I'\orth stations. This was where 
things got serious and eXCiting for the 
scientists. 

"We knew exactly where we wanted 
to go and exactly what we wanted to do 
when we got there .. . . All of us involved 

were not new to these problems. When 
the data started coming.in we had some 
idea how t6 fit them into a larger 
context. In fact. we had been thinking 
about them for years and have been 
waiting eagerly for the chance to get up 
there and make these measurements. 
We all had a lot of ideas when we went 
up there about what we might find," 
says Swift. . 

Finally they had gone farther north 
than any other modem oceanographic 
research vessel had ever gone. If they 
were correct, they had actually passed 
over the boundary of the Arctic basin 
and were floating in the Arctic Ocean. 
They were 830 North Latitude, only 420 
nautical miles from the North Pole. Now 
was not the time to be shy about 
gathering samples, and they weren't. 

Says Swift, "We were invited because 
we were the best. It was absolutely 
astounding to be up there . You JUSt can't 
describe it to other people . I just loved 
it. This was the real McCoy." 

Swift explained some of the 
preliminary findings: 

"We certainly know that the Arctic 
Ocean is much different than the 
regions to which it is adjacent. The 
Arctic Ocean is covered by a permanent 
ice pack which acts as a very effective 
insulator from the atmosphere, and you 
might think that the waters underneath 
wouldn't show much effective 
communication Wlh the atmosphere. 
that they're pretty well cut off, a SOrt of 
dead-end . passive place. We accused 
this before we went, but we've certainly 
verified that instead of being a dead-
end, passive pan of the world ocean, it 
is a very active contributor to the rest of 
the world ocean. There is a certain 
mystery in that .. . although I think we're 
well along the way to explaining this. 

"I mean , for instance, there are 
substances in the atmosphere now that 
weren't there 50 years ago-man-made 
substances. These were found on this 
expedition in sufficient quantities deep 
in the Arctic Ocean to guarantee-I 
mean we're certain-that there has been 
communication between the atmosphere 
and the deep ocean within the last 50 
years. It's not just penetrating the ice 
locally and vertically, but there is some 
side region of the Arctic Ocean where it 
happens to be sliding in. 

Swift has already scheduled a new 
expedition to do similar studies north of 
Prudhoe Bay, Alaska, in MarGh 1985. 
And next time he will be camping on 
the ice. "I've never done that before, you 
know, actually. camped on the ice ," he 
said. "But you always want more . 

"I keep stomping fanher and farther, 
closer and closer to the pole .... Get out 
the flag, let's go to the pole !" ~ 

Scripps oceanographer Dr. James H. wift, thawing out after a Summer on the ice. 



"Education, not prohibition" 

Alcohol Awareness Week sobers UCSD 
By SUZANNE LIFSON 

I TERMITTE TLY through the year, several weeks are set aside nationwide to remind the public of 
the Importance of alcohol awareness. 
Last week at UCSD was devoted to 

informin~ the University community 

about the use and abuse of alcohol. 
Sunday, Oct. 7 was Alcohol Awareness 

Movie Night With Atlhur and Soft is rhe 
Hea rt of a Child. 

Monday started the school week out 
with an Alcohol Awareness Fair in 

Lost & Found Auction 
Students at UCSD apparently aren't quite as forgetful as they used to be . The 

number of bicycles, calculators and books to be offered in the annual auction of found 
and unclaimed property is down by about one half over last year. 

Accordmg to Ralph Roblee, manager of the UCSD Office of Equipment 
Management which handles the annual event for the campus, there are only 18 bikes, 

pl~s ,a few bike pans, compared to the 60 bikes that were offered last year. 
. It s gettlng harder to find a parkmg place on campus," Roblee said . "There are more 

bicycles on campus this year, but it seems that the students are taking better care of 
their transportation ." 

The annual UCSD found and unclaimed property auction is scheduled for5 pm on 
Wednesday, October 24, at the H&:M Goodies Auction Company, 130 East8th Street 
In National City. All Items to be auctioned will be available for inspection beginning at 
8 :30 am on the 24th at the auction company. 

There are only 23 calculators on this year's lost and found list compared to 43 that 
Roblee hsted laSl year. Most, he said , are of the hand-held variety used by students in 
class or laboratory. In addition, there are only 13 boxes of books compared to 39 boxes 
listed last year. 

Roblee said the auction will include the usual number of watches found on the 
cal?pus-this year there are 33-and the usual assortment of furniture, clothes and 
office Items that have been lost or left behind. An assortment of"misceUaneous" items 
are also lis~ed , among them this year a fireplace grate, 13 umbreUas, bongo drums, a 
prospectors pan, a wooden flute , lacrosse gloves and a wedding dress. 

Roblee noted that there is one item new to the auction that may indicate how 
st.udents work these days. "This year for the first time we have a number of floppy 
diSks on the hst," he said . 

golt~f'!M~ 
"I\vtt~ t INCLUDES: 

Contact lenses, 
examination, patient 

.."... chemical care kit 
with studen~I.D. and fitt ing. 

, J,l • EXTENDED WEAR 
" ~\j LENSES ONLY $265.00 

THE CLASSICAL f:VE 
ROBERT HELLER. 0 .0 . 

La Jolla Village Square 
452-7374 

fashion \tcliley Center 
295-0537 

LOUIS M. TARTAGLIA. 0 .0 . 
University Towne Centre 

457-4791 

The home 0 the 
3~¢ hatnburger. 

-I 

" M~'[)OIl(/Id~m f.1"",,'~I\. 1 ('{\ &1/011. . 
17140 Miramar Rd. San Diego 
IJ...--"~!!!!!!-!!!-!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!------____ ".. .... ..JI 

~ Buy one Big ~sandwich----
II 
II 
II 
II 
II 
II 

GET ONE 
FREE 

Ju,' pU'", ' n ! ,Ill, ~ 1 1"1"1'1 
~ It"" hu~· m..: .. n l": M .I\ 111\ I 
\ t HI'II ":'1.." .'''drlll' r Hie M h 
tr" ,· I IIlIU Itth ' , \ '\lI''' '" I' f 
... 0'(0 Il l" r , I'l'r \ "" ; 11\ .... \ 

I'"'''' '" I 11111 '101 hi \dh 11 
flf,k ClII \..: Ntll \ ,1,,1 
\\IIIt . 111\ I ltl , ... f .,th r 

~"""_iiii_iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii 

t "'h \.tlu. I .!II"II , t'nl II 

Only at: 
7140 Miramar Rd. 

San Diego 

II 
II 
II 
II 
II 

ReveUe Plaza . Chip Lynn , a 
singer/ guitarist and a former UCSD 
student, sang folk songs in an attempt 
to lure passers-by to check out the 
tables. 

Each table represented an alcohol 
awareness group and provided valuable, 
straightfolward information. There were 
booklets and flyers that offered tips on 
sipping, hints for the recognition of 
alcohol problems, help for families who 
are dealing with an alcoholic, and many 
other suggestions. 

Jane McDonald and Tim Purpura, 
both Revelle assistant resident deans, 
were at the tables encouraging students 
to pick up the information and to ask 
questions. 

Alcohol Awareness Week was 
sponsored by the ReveUe Reside nt 
Dean's Office and the Miller Brewing 
Co. However, many other groups, such 
as Mothers Against Drunk Driving 
(MADD), Operation Cork, Alcoholics 
Anonymous, Counseling and 
Psychological Services, and Narcotics 
Anonymous, were aU represented in the 
fair. , 

Two volunteers at the MADD table 
were Don Rice and Jack Miller. Rice said 
that MADD was started in the 19805 by 
a mother whose 13-year-old daughter 
was killed by a drunk driver. The 
woman , Candy Lightner, fights the 
powerful alcohol lobby in California 
with much perseverance. The non-profit 
organization has had much success over 
a relatively short period of time. 
Presently, in rough figures, MADD has 

alAS 
HAIR 
DESIGN 

335 chapters in 45 states. MADD 
members describe themselves as 
"dedicated to bringing victims' rights 
and the issue of drunk driving into the 
public eye and keeping them there." 

A new group organizing at UCSD is 
Students Against Drunk Driving (SADD). 

In speaking With Rich Whitehill from 
Counseling and Psychological Services at 
UCSD, one learns that the purpose of 
an Alcohol Awareness Week is "to stan 
the educational process, ... raise the 
level of awareness, and teach people to 
have guidelines." Whitehill also 
mentioned that three imPflrtant 
purposes of an Alcohol Awareness Week 
should be remembered: (1) to teach 
people the difference between the 
responsible and irresponsible use of 
alcohol; (2) to build a climate for the 
campus as a whole that underscores 
responsible use; and (3) to make clear 
that socially, drugs and alcohol are not 
prerequisites to having fun . 

Another representative at the fair who 
stressed the importance of responsible 
drinking was John Noortan U1, coUege 
coordinator for the Miller Brewing Co. 
Many students laughed as they read the 
large white banner with the Miller High 
Life emblem in the comer that was 
posted on Blake Hall. It read, 
"Intercollegiate Alcohol Awareness Week 
at UCSD." Although students may laugh, 
Miller is very serious about its image in 
the public eye. The company wants to 

> CONTINUED ON PAGE 9 > 

casual. 
Comtortabla 
Californian. 

1"Nc .... ."w CIIU (IN _ ,u (reg. $18) 
1"Nc ..... "'" c .... ,., _ '10 (reg. 115) 

Dildo..., ~ ,:u (reg. $40) Sal",..," ....u. (/WI MIl 'L8 (reg. $40) 
"""QI~ It ~ '15 (reg. 118) Cello,ItMe 'LJ (,.I1~) 

OllIe Itotu /tIdtII _ 'U (reg. U,) 
OM Itotu m fI", _ U.s (reg. ",~) 

Spec~II5U In bl«k hal, 
... full JM1Iu alOft 

7608 Until KsU Rd. (Ilea Coil. Dr. It 161) la-Mfi~ 
f'feMI MI_ ([onrrertll U JoI~ CUtting Co.) il7 I'eMf SL.u JoI~ 

f56-1170 f56-1.1~ 

SpecYls good with.t wlth .. ~ Ml/liXs througllll/ 1/1U 
- ------- - - - -------~--~-- -

UNCL 
Council navel Services 

---- ---- -------- - -----------

WINTER TROPIC SPECIAlS 
7-nlght packages 

PUERTO VAlLARTA FROM $194 
HAWAII FROM $359 

00UIl.E OCCUPANCY: INCLUDING 
~Nff, HOm AND TRANSfERS 

PLIASE STOP INTO 1HE 5TUDDIT CENrER 
OR CALL 45~JO 

Alcohol 
,,--CONTINUED FROM PAGE 8 < 
be seen , especiaUy among university 
communities , as a com pany that is 
concerned with its consumers' welfare . 
Miller and other beer companies have 
been feeling the pressure put on them 
by neo-prohibitionist groups that do not 
want beer companies on coUege 
campuses. Noonan stated that "kicking 
Miller off campus leaves students in the 
closet .... " The best solution is 
"education, not prohibition," he said, 
adding that Miller approves of MADD's 
programs. 

Noonan asserted that the Miller Co. 
does many pOSitive things on campus, 
such as sponsoring campus intramurals 
and the Athletic Depanment. He added 
that the company's main objective is to 
have students create an image of their 
product as "good times and fun ." 

"Miller does not sponsor beer-
chUgging contests; (it sponsors) 
activities, spons, etc., where drinking is 
secondary." 

Purpura said, "The Miller Brewing Co. 
is underwriting some of the costs ... and 
they have been good to deal with." 

Among other educational films , Calling 
the Shots was shown on both 

Wednesday and Thursday. It was a 
documentary by Jean Kilbourne 
concerning the influence advenising 
and alcohol companies have upon the 
consumer. The film showed that many 
deceptive messages are transmitted from 
the ads. These subliminal messages are 
received by the reader both co nsciously 
and subconsciously. For example, 
"Alcohol is a magiC potion, the route to 
power, sexual attractiveness and instant 
athletk ability .... Alcohol is the symbol 
of friendship or tradition, but then it 
becomes the friendship or tradition." 
Kilbourne Slated that moderation and 
responsible drinking are the best 
preventions against t"te "illness of 
denial," alcoholism. 

On Friday, OCl. 12, Alcohol 
Awareness Week at UCSD ended with 
an afternoon at Mission Bay. About 250 
students from UCSD, USD and SDSU all 
shared the activities. There was free 
pizza, canoe races, horseshoes, an 
obstacle course and an alcohol 
awareness questio n -and-answer quiz 
game. Although UCSD won the quiz 
game with flying colors, the trophy was 
awarded to USD for the most points 
overaU. 

That night, at the annual Revelle 
Casi no Night, students had the option 
of taking advantage of an "alternative 
bar." This bar dispensed non-alcoholic 
cider, margaritas and other mixed non-
alcoholic drinks . ~ 

Med school 
< CONTINUED FROM PAGE 3 < 

Four of the students have PhDs 
(engineering science, biophysics, 
electrical engineering and psychology), 
three have master's d egrees, one has an 
MSW and one has an MPH. Forty-four 
have degrees in biology, 16 in 
biochemistry , seven in psychology, six 
in chemistry , five each in 
biology/ ch emistI)' and human biology; 
four in electrical engineering, three in 
physiology and the rest in areas ranging 
from mathematics and economics to 
SOCiology and architec rure . 

Stanford and UC Berkeley are the 
most-represented undergraduate 
colleges, with 14 students from each 
campus. Eleven students are from 
UCLA, ten from UCSD , nine from UC 
DaVIS, six from Yale and five each from 
UC Irvine and UC Santa Barbara. Three 
students each are from Cal Tech , 
Harvard , Pomona, UC Santa Cruz and 
USC; two students eac h are from CSU 
Fullerton and Long Beach and UC 
Ri verside . Other undergraduate schools 
include Cornell, MIT, Radcliff, BYU, 
Princeton and Texas A&:M. 

The class also includes 14 students 
accomplished in music and dance, and 

NAVAL OFFICER CAREER OPPORTUNITIES 
AND 

SCHOLARSHIP PROGRAMS -, 
NAW OFFICER RECRUITERS WILL BE ON CAMPUS ON OCTOBER 23ATTHE PLACEMENT 

OFFICE TO DISCUSS NAW CAREER AND SCHOlARSHIP PROGRAMS 

NUC' 'HlINGINla 

OPERAnNG ENGINEER: PrImary responsibilities Include supervision of operating nuclear propulsion 
systems on submarines and surface ships, 
DESIGN/RESEARCH ENGINEER: Working on Nuclear Reactor's staff In Washington, D,C. In the planning, 
testing and design fields of tomorrow's nuclear powered ships, 
PROFESSIONAL INSTRUCTOR: Teaching the moth. chemistry, physiCS and engineering aspects of nuclear 
engineering to highly motivated. Intelligent students on both the graduate and undergraduate levels. 
SCHOLARSHIPS AVAILABLE TO: exceptional students In Engineering and Science majors during their Junior 
and Senior years, with S1.()(x) per month while In school, 

HEALTH PROFESSIONS SCHOLARSHIPS PROGRAM: Scholarships available at accredited 
Medical/Osteopathic schools in the United States. that pay full tuition. books. fees, plus a monthly 
stipend. Specialty training available, 

~VAL AVIATOR/RIGHT OFPICIR 
Fly .... , Turbo-prop or Rotary wing aircraft. Leam to fty the world'a most 1OPh1attcat.d 

aircraft. No previOUI experience neel •• ory. 

SUPPLY/FIICAL 0" lea 

NavYa bUIIneII apeclalilfl. ExecutlYe lev.! d .. 1n purchallng. Financial Management, 
Computer IYItema and other bullneu related aNal. 

HAW RECRUITING DISTRICT 
SAN DIEGO (619) 293-6746 

Monday, Oct. 15, 198'1 9 

one student who is a recognized 
authority on ornithology and has 
pubhshed a book on birds of the 
Chicago area. 

The class has a number of athletes as 
well , with 28 varsity athletes, including a 
number of All-Americans. This group 
includes a three-time AU·Amencan and 
OlympiC finalist in women's basketbaU 
and men and women speciali::ing in 
such sports as track and field , crew, 
water p olo , sailing, fenci.ng, swimming, 
rugby, gymnastics , golf, tennis and 
badminton. 

Dr. Spooner commended members of 
the admissions committee for their 
effort and time commitment. For the 
1984 class, 4,098 applications were 
received, and 36% of these were from 
women. This percentage was another 
record high for the medical school and 
above the national average, which was 
35% women out of 35,914 applicants. 
NationaUy, only 33% of the female 
applicants were fina Uy accepted. 

The committee interviewed 625 
students, which was 15% of the 
applicant pool. One of the medical 
school's lowest number of acceptances 
was finally offered , cotaUing 256, to 
achieve the class of 122. 

Said Dr. Spooner, "The committee did 
an excellent job of selecting a group of 
broadly-educated individuals who have 
a variety of experiences in and out of 
an academic environment." ~ 

FAMOUS LAST WORDS 
FROM FRIE DS TO FRIENDS. 

"A IT' !I'III OK 10 d,.iL'~t" 
"Whal ;; H .Ii' lI' /)('('t.,lI" 

"V id !lOIl/ltll'I' IIHIIIII(('It lorl,.illk t-
- {'III 1H'1.1~('//Y.fiIl<': 

"All' lilli/ ;1/ II "!! "ha/H' I" r/1?'I't'r" 
"1" '1' /I/' /'/' I·.MIIH,tlt'I: " 

"{ Ih illk lI"II'I'I ' IIlId lI.li'lI' Imlllall!l." 
"~;'/I khi<l;II, { ('(til d,.ive 

willi 1/111 1'!lt'S ..t,ml'd: 

")(1/1 ' /'1' /illll I,HIII II/c /,lolI,.illk , 
1<'1 111/, 11,.;1'/' ." 

"SII/HHI!I 11,.;/,/, .• 11111 ('(I,. 11111111(': 

DR .. IG AND DRIVING 
CAN KI1 A FRIENDSHIR 

"you hINe 
dl.rrheil th'ilt 

began within the IiIst 48 hrs .nc. 
would like to pilrtlclpaIe In an 
IrwoesugiltfoNl drug study • the 
V.A. Hospital call Cheryl 
BNumont or Stew Pandol M.D. 
'453-7500/ ext 3284 for more 
Info. Upon completion of the 
stuc:ty ~u will recehle S2S. 



DC\\~~(~) ) 
o 0 (~( ==::::J: ~~~ ~») I D) 

$ Funding Deadline $ 
Budget requests for funding for the 1984-85 academic 

year are due THURSDAY (10/18/84) by 4:30 pm. 
Fanus may be picked up in the Organizations Office. 

Budget hearings will be held October 22,23, & 24 
(times posted at the AS office). You may sign up for a 

hearing when you tum in your budget requests. 
Remember: Your organization must be currently 

registered for the 1984-85 year. (This means you 
needed to register in this Fall Quarter!) 

While you're here, get an education 
Don't let college hinder you from getting an education! 

Let ASIO help you arrange an internship which will give 
you on-the-job training and enhance your employment 
prospects for the future. We have internships for just about 
every major and can even help you design your own if you 
have a speacial request. Some of our internships include 
positions with: San Diego Museum oj Art, Southland Concerts, 
91X/ Mighty 690 Radio, Merrill Lynch Realty, Sea World, Inc., 
Rolling Stone Magazine (N. Y.), Smithsonian Institute 
(Washington, D.C.), UCSD Medical Center, City Attorney's 
Office. 

Apply Today! Winter quarter internships close this 
Friday, October 19th. For more information call 452-4689 
or stop by our office above the game room in the Student 
Center. Open daily 9 am - 3 pm. 

Would you like a wallet size? 
Updike Photography will be taking orders for 

profeSSional portraits October 15-19 on Revelle Plaza. Price 
is $12.95 and the portraits will be taken October 24. 
Sponsored by the Shaolin Kung-Fu Club. 

The Food Co-op 
Tuesday Special - Edensoy 

Carob &: Soy Milk 45¢ 
M-F 9-i pm and Sat 11-2 pm 

Get to know the library 
RENU , a student organization addressing the academic 

and social needs and desires of students who have re-
entered school following a five year absence, is sponsoring 
a workshop to more fully acquaint re-entry students with 
the library services and resources available to them, the 
workshop will meet from 2-3 pm on Monday, Oct. 15 in 
Cluster Library Room HL 2100. 

Ski Vail======= 
Ihe talk of the town (see Personals), All Cal '84. Three easy 

steps to going. 1) Buy membership to ski club ($10) at Canyon 
View Iu, W, Ih 10-2 pm. 2) Buy tickets to Vail for only $299 at 
Box Office starting 10/15. 3) Pop open a bee~ and watch out for 
snow blizzards! There's snow in them-thar hills! A-VaH-ability 
while supplies last! Buy Now! Before its allll gonnnn!!! 

Don't forget the car rally on October 26 in Rec. Conf. at 8:00. 
Win a trip to Vail! Sign up at intramural office or at our meeting 
on Wednesday, October 17 for $S per car. Everyone is welcome 
to participate and come to the Halloween/(Kamikaze Party) 
immediately follOwing the car rallly. 

Another Radically Inclined Ski movie will be shown at the 
meeting on Wednesday, 7:30 pm in Rec. Conf. Room. Don't 
miss it! 

Women's Lacrosse Meeting 
Monday, Oct. 15 at 5 pm 

Revelle Field - All welcome 
Howdy Y'all! 

We'd like to invite you to put on your Levi's and Cowboy 
Boots and join us for a day of HORSEBACK RIDING. 
Saturday, Oct. 20, 11-3 pm. Meetatthe University Lutheran 
Church or for more information, call 452-1957. Hope to 
see you there. Sponsored by Catholic Student Coordin. 

Don't be a Slug! 
Get involved! Contact 

John Trumpler 452-4450. 
Programming, Academic Freedom, Admissions, Education Abroad 
and International Education, Subcommittees on Undergraduate 
Courses, Executive and Policy (2), Planning and Budget, 
Undergraduate Scholarships and Honors (2), 1985-86 State Funded 
Minor Capital Improvement Program, Student Ufe, enrollment 
Projection Review Committee, Public Relations, Financial Controller 
Assistant, On Campus Admin. Comm., On Campus Residential and 
Food Advisory Committee, Residential Apartments Advisory 
Committee, Bookstore Advisory Committee, Parking and 
Transportation Committee, Day Care Center Committee, Media 
Board, Instructional Equipment Renewal Committee, Instructional 
Improvement Committee, Residential and Food Services Advisory 
Committee, Ad Hoc Advisory Committee on Recruitment Enrollment 
and Retention, Media Policy Steering Committee, Summer Session 
AdviSOry Committee, Oasis Advisory Committee, Academic Senate 
Admissions Subcommittee, Mandeville Center Advisory Committee, 
Academic Senate Planning and Budget Sub-Committee, Advisory 
Committee on Student Finances, Campus/Community Plan nil 
Committee, COSAP. 

TGIF 
()ctohcr 19 \\'ith 

the Reflectors 
rhi.' prllgl.iI1l111111~ ltlmmirtee ..,nIl need.., 
IlH'mher.., COI1t.H.t jl)11I1 .\!tallo .it 4~2-44,)1J 
ilr c,mH' h~ the :\~ Uffin'", 

Peace Meditations at UCSD 
Peace Meditations presents classes and 

instruction in meditation on Tuesdays at 3 pm at 
USB 4020B ' and a time and place for meditation 
(without instruction) for faculty, staff and students 
on Wednesdays at 12-1 pm at P&'L 1117. 

Peace &t Justice in Central America 
"Towards Peace &' Justice in Central America" is the 

topic of a speech Monday, October 15 at noon. Albeno 
Arene, one of two official representatives in the U.5. for the 
Revolutionary Democratic Front of EI Salvador will be 
speaking at the Third College Quad on Monday. Mr. Arene 
will also be fielding questions from the audience after his 
talk. Sponsored by Central American/ Carribean Suppon 
Committee, STAR and others. 

Aeronautics &1 Asttonautics 
The American Institute of Aeronautics &' Astronautics 

UCSD - student branch invites you to attend the kick-off 
meeting. Wednesday, October 17 at 5 pm in Urey Hall 
7104. Illustrated talk: Dennis Davidson "An Anist's View of 
Space Industrialization." Also: Election of new officers. 
Membership information call Professor Simnad x4903 or 
x6525 . 

A Film Bv ROBERT VAN ACKEREN 
San Diego Premiere 

Friday Oct. 19th 
TLH 107 

7:00 p.m. 
FREE 

Sponsored by: Committee For World Democracy & Third World 
Studies with ASUCSD-a"ocated student fees 

Become involved in "Sappho Speaks" 
General Interest Meeting, Tuesday, October 16 at 5 pm. 

Media Center (2nd floor student center, above SMC 
offices). Come to the Sappho Speaks general interest 
meeting to find out now you can become involved in 
UCSD's Lesbian and Gay Quanerly Journal. Sappho Speaks 
needs writers, anists, production and layout personnel, 
and advemsing managers and sales representatives . 
Sappho Speaks is growing and needs you. Add your voice to 
Sappho Speaks. 

A hologmm demonstration at UCSD 
The Laser Institute of America presents a hologram 

demonstration Wednesday, Oct. 17,1984 from 12-2 pm in 
APM 6337. Holography is an exciting blend of an and 
technology wherein a complete three-dimensional image 
of an object is captured using laser technology. This image, 
recorded on special photographic film , can be 
reconstructed with the light of a laser or by the use of 
.ordinary sunlight. Our demonstration will provide an 
informative summary of holography and show many 
stunning examples of holograms. 

Information about our student chapter, membership in 
the national organization and also a tentative schedule of 
our upcoming events will be available. Drop in anytime 
between 12 and 2 pm on October 17 and find out more 
about us! 

Have you considered 
studying abroad next year? 

Special meeting for those who are interested: 
October 16 at 7 pm in the International Center. 

Come and find out about life abroad by 
meeting foreign exchange students and 

returnees.Join the International Club!!! 
Time: Meeting on Wed., at 5:30 pm 
Place: International Center Lounge 

Info: -c" 2-3730 
Sponsored by UCSD Associated Students 

Attention Asian Pacific Students 
The Asian Pacific Student Alliance is having a general 

meeting Wednesday, Oct. 17 at 4 pm at the student 
organization lounge at the student center. Come to the 
meeting and find out why everyone is talking about APSAI! 



By BRUCE BURNS 

A OTHER PARTY MISSED. Tonight is the 21st birthday of my best friend and I am here in 
Stockton working ambulance for my 
second summer in a row. I'm still 
worrying about my Chern 14lC final I 
finished taking less than 48 hours ago. 

By now they've tapped the first keg. 1 
wonder how many panies I've missed 
since 1 decided to become a pre-med? 

It was Saturday mght. The high 
school kids were cruising up and down 
the Avenue as my partner and 1 watched 
TV in our quarters overlooking the gas 
station . one of the cute girls were 
working at Baskin-Robbins tonight, so 
there was really no poim in leaVing our 
quarters anyway. Besides, one of us had 
to stay by the phone in case we gOt a 
call, and I didn't feel like arguing over 
who would get to leave. 

The phone rang. I was startled as 
always and ran to answer It . I am slowly 
developing a fear of red phones with no 
dials . 

"Get the batphone, would you Alfred?" 
said Dave, geaing up from his chair. 

"Hello," I answered , as I picked up 
the phone and a pen at the same time. 

It was one of the dingy girls at the 
answering service. "Zone one code twO 
fire call to 1327 W. Somme Drive , 
nature unknown, medics in route ." 

"I've got It, and thank you for caUing 
FrD Flonsts" I said as I hung up. One 
time I had gonen in trouble for 
answering with "Bob's Pool Hall ." The 
dispatcher had thought she had gOtten 
a wrong number, which is very hard to 
do with a direct line . 

"Where we gain'?" asked Dave, as he 
tried to pull his pants over hiS large 
beer belly. 

"North I think," I answered as I tried 
to find it on the map. "Yeah, North ." 

We stumbled down the stairs and 
locked up the place. I noticed it was 
half past midnight as I glanced at my 
watch [or the date . It was around a ten-
minute drive , and I had my paperwork 
do ne when we got to the scene. 

The fire engine was parked In front 
of a fairly nice tract house, and we 
nOticed the firemen were in back of a 
piCkup that was In the driveway. As I 
walked up I nOticed a man was 
crouched down behind the pickup truck 
as a woman stood sobbing ten feet 
distant. The man seemed to be in his 
thirties and was dressed fai rly nicely. 
The woman seemed about the same age. 

I walked up to the captain, who was 
standing back a little trying to look 
official as the firemen talked to the 
patient, crouched behind the truck. 
"What's up captain ?" I asked as I 
signaled Dave to bring the gurney and 
the leather restraints. 

"We appear to have a 'Nam vet here 
who is back in Vietnam right now," 
answered the captain. "How old are you 
son?" asked the captain, turning to face 
the patient where he crouched. 

"I'm not sure captain , sir," answered 
our patient as he crouched behind the 
truck, peeking over it every now and 
then. 

"What is your name son?" asked the 
captain. 

"Collins, sir," answered our patient. 
"Corporal Collins, sir." 

"Do you know where you are 
Collins?" I asked 

"No, I'm not su re buddy. How much 
ammo do we have?" Colhns answered. 

"Plenty," I replied, and turned to see 
hiS Wife. 

Something about Collins cared me 

N 
I 
G 
H 
T 
IN 

N 
A 
M 
'84 

He wasn 't violent , and we seemed to be 
on his side in his mind , but there was a 
stare he had when he looked over the 
truck. He se.:med lO be looking far away 
at some distant mountains and straining 
his eyes to make out what was on them. 

His wife's sobs were stifled as I 
approached. I asked, "Has he been this 
way before Ma'am?" . 

"Yes, but never this bad: she replied . 
"We were JUSt having some beers with 
some friends tonight and he was fine. 
On the way home he started to become 
very qUiet When we got home he just 
climbed OUt of the truck and crouched 
behmd It lIke he IS now. When 1 tried 
to get him out from behind it he started 
to choke me. He's never done that 

--

before .". I was scared." 
I asked Dave to get the health 

insurance inlormation from her and 
approached the captain again. "PD is on 
the way," he said , and almost as if to 
reaffi rm his statement three cars pulled 
up at once, their lights glowing red and 
blue, making the house a multi-colored 
moving piece of abstract art. The 
neighbors sta rted to come out with 
meek cunosity in their eyes at first and 
then a more pressi ng i merest as they 
~traIned to see what was happening. 

1 a~ked the sergeant to disperse the 
LTOwd which he h:ld drawn and told 
the lIre Laptam It was time to move our 
patlem belore he realIzed that half the 
crowd In from of him was Vietnamese. 

The captain agreed and the firemen 
began to try to talk our patient over to 
the gurney as I checked to see how 
Dave was doing with the insurance 
information. I saw that he had most of 
it , and we got the restraints ready. 

I overheard the firemen saying lO 
Collins, "Can you come over to that 
gurney over there?" 

"They're coming," whispered Colhns. 
"Wc are going to take you to the 

hosp ital to be checked out, okay Mr. 
Collins?" the fireman who said this 
looked up at the captain questioningly. 

"Can'l you hear them?" pleaded 
Collins. "Where the hell are Our 
choppers?" 

"I think we can take him," said the 
captain . "We have enough mcn." 

I looked at our nO-pound friend 
crouching behind the truck and hoped 
to see some fat. I didn't. 

"Hold it a second captain, I don't feel 
like messing up my ha l ~ tonight," I said 
as I walked past him towards Collins. I 
crouched down behind the truck with 
Collins. From here I had a better view 
of his face. He was scared, as scared as 
I was. I saw sweat on his forehead and 
the amount of fear held within his eyes 
froze me where I was. 

Hesitantly, I reached out and touched 
his shoulder. "Time to move OUt 
marine ," I said, lowering my voice. 

"Where we going buddy?" asked 
Collins. 

"We're pulling OUt to another sector, 
this one is secured," I said, looking at 
the captain who had a smile on his 
face. 

"Okay," said Collins, "You lead." 
I staned to walk towards the gurney 

in a crouch. "Keep low," I said. Collins 
followed closely behind for about a step 
and then he fell down screaming. 

"I've been hit," Collins cried as he fell , 
"Corpsman!" 

"We're here: said Dave, walking up 
with the firemen . We picked Collins up 
and carried his limp body to the gurney. 

"What are you guys doing?" asked 
Collins as we put on the I,eather 
restrainrs. 

"We're putting on some splints," said 
Dave while I tightened and buckled the 
straps down. I smiled at Dave. 

We pushed our gurney to the back of 
our ambulance with a trail of firemen 
and policemen. We put the gurney into 
our rig and I hoped in, telling Dave not 
to tum on the lights. I wanted a quiet 
ride since I was going to be alone with 
him and any added stimulation just 
provoked 5150s (psycho). 

A short blond cop with a nice butt 
jumped in through the sidedoor. She 
had jOined the force while I was at . 
school and was the cause of many dirty 
thoughts for many firemen and EMTs 
alike. 

"I need some more information ," she 
said as she turned on the lights. In a 
moment the back of our rig was lit well 
enough so that a neurosurgeon couldn't 
complain. 

Collins freaked . "We're being shelled ," 
he said. "Everyone out of the truck!" 
The cop was 'out in less than a second 
and I looked up to make sure he wasn't 
serious. He started to sit up and bolt 
just as I grabbed a handful of hair and 
his chest to puU him down. 

"Can you handle him okay?" asked 
the captain. 

"We'll be just fine ," I said, giving 
Collins' hair another jerk as he moaned 
and pleaded for me lO let him out. 

"Are you sure you couldn't use some 

Tickets at Campus Box Office 
, 

nlllD'l CIJIII/ItHI AND ~ .. 
San Diego's Foremost 
Contemporary Dance Ensemble 
Four Exciting New Chor~es 

help?" asked the sergeant, peering In 
the door where the short blond cop had 
exited . 

"You have done quite enough 
already," I replied, giving Dave a signal 
to can the lights. 

At that momem Collins' gaze seemed 
to return from infimty. He looked at me 
and the equipment in the cabinets. 
·What's going on?" he asked in a quiet 
but frustrated voice. 

"You were having a flashback," I 
replied . "Your wife got scared and caUed 
us. We are about to go to the hospital to 
have you checked out. What is the last 
thing that you remember Mr. Collins?" 

"Driving back from my friend 's 
house," Collins answered. "What are all 
these people around here for?" 

"They were just trying to help you," I 
answered as I closed the door on the 
sergeant. "What hospital do you want us 
to go to?" 

"Do I need to go to a hospital?" asked 
Collins. 

"It would make your wife feel better," I 
replied . 

"Okay, then I guess I'll let you take me 
to St. josephs," answered Collins under 
his breath. 

"SI. jo's, code two," I called to Dave. 
On the way in I got Mr. Collins to teU 

me about his address and insurance 
information. He worked at Rough and 
Ready, a military communications 
center. He seemed friendly enough, but 
said that "it is none of your business" 
when I asked him where he was 
stationed in Vietnam. 

Then Mr. Collins got very quiet while 
I was trying to keep a conversation 
going about the weather and other smaU 
talk. He started to Stare again. This time 
his gaze went through the ceiling. He 
seemed to be watching the stars he 
could not see. I looked up following his 
gaze and noticed spots of blood I 
missed cleaning up after our last caU. I 
wiped 'it off quickly. 

"Choppers," said Collins. "Are they 
ours or theirs?" 

"They're ours: I replied giving Dave a 
yeUow light. We had a light code system 
which let Dave know if I needed his 
help. Yellow was a warning light. I used 
them because they made me feel like 
Captain Kirk. 

"How can you teU?" Collins countered. 
"The navy boys are in control of the 

air over this sector," I answered. 
"Anything they've sent up the last few 
weeks has been shot down." 

"They are not ours'" Collins shouted. 
"Where is the 50-caliber?" 

"They are ours," I repeated more 
sternly. 

"No! Kevin, Kevin!" shouted Collins. 
"Who is Kevin?" I asked, looking up 

at Dave. 
. "Can't you see him?!!" Collins cried, 
"he is lying right in front of us with half 

Evenore ~mances 
S10.50~ 

57.50 UCSD Students, FIICulty, 
Staff, Sentors and-Military 

Matinee performance 
$9 00 General, S6.50 Discount 

~ion Information and 
Ch¥ge'by-9hone call 296-9523 

Resr.oa:I seaI,ng 

hiS head blown off." Collins began to 
sob at this point. Then he began to cry, 
strong and clear as a baby. He turned 
his head from sid,~ to side and cried. 

I gripped his hand tight and began to 
sweat. 

"!t's my fault, it's my fucking fault!!" 
weeped Colhns. "I shouldn't have let 
him go . I should have let him shit his 
pams like we do to all the new guys, but 
he was young, so young, and seemed 
like such a nice kid ." 

I held Collins' arms down as he tried 
to bring them up to wipe his face, and 
noticed that they had scars on them 
which made them look like a patchwork 
quilt. I remembered that his wife had 
said something about his geaing "blown 
up" in 'Nam. Now I knew what she 
meant. 

Collins stopped crying all of a 
sudden. His gaze went out again. "Do 
you hear them?" he asked. "Enemy 
patroL" 

'This sector is secured Collins: I 
replied . "There are no NVA or VC near 
us." 

"No, they're alit there: insisted 
Collins. "Keep quiet and low buddy. Do 
you have any ammo?" 

"We have plenty of ammo," I replied , 
squeezing his hand tighter still . 

"They're coming to get us ," whispered 
Collins. "We've got to hold them. 
Reinforcements are coming soon." 

The fear began to show in Collins' 
eyes again. It was contagiOUS. My 
stomach began to knot, and I started to 
sweat worse. I looked up to see how far 
away we were from the hospitaL "Five 
minutes out," I thought to mysel( I 
picked up the phone and checked that 
I was punched in up front. 

"St Josephs Hospital this is Delta I 
code 2 traffic: I said imo the phone. 

There were a few moments of silence, 
except for the static, and then came the 
cheerful answer. "Delta 1 this is St. jo's, 
go ahead: 

"St. jo's we are inbound to your 
facility code two with a thirty-two-year-
old male who is hallucinating at this 
time. The patient is a 'Narn vet and 
appears to be having some sort of 
flashback at this time " ,," 

As if to reaffirm my statement Collins 
cried out "Incoming!" and started lO sit 
up again with a look of horror on his 
face . I dropped the phone while 
grabbing for him, but then grabbed a 
handful of his hair to keep him down 
while ( picked the phone up to 
continue. 

The patient's wife states that he has 
had episodes like this before and that 
he starred h..allucinating around two 
hours ago. Patients vitals are BP 142/84, 
pulse is 96 and strong and regular, 
respirations are 28 and unlabored . This 
event does not appear to he drug 

Monday, Oct. 15, 1984 13 

induced. Do you require any further 
information?" 

"Negative, that will be all, WBZ 503 
clear," replied the cheery voice. 

"Delta 1 clear," I said and then hung 
up the phone. 

Collins was very quiet now. His gaze 
continued to look through the ceiling 
and he breathed deeply. 

"Stockton fire , Delta 1 is on scene, St. 
Jo's," Dave's voice came from the front. 
·Control 2, Delta I IS on scene at St 
Jo's, ending mileage ninety-seven point 
six." . 

"Ten-four, Delta I , KXV 466, zero, 
zero fifty TWO:' came the reply. Fire 
hadn't answered as usual. 

We backed into the receiving lot and 
Dave stopped the engine. I took one 
more look at Colhns as I jumped out 
and unhooked the gurney. He was 
looking straight ahead as before, not 
moving. 

"He is geaing pretty qUiet," I sala to 
Dave as he came back to help me with 
the gurney. We lifted it in unison as we 
had done a thousand times before. We 
set it on the ground, raised it, and made 
sure it was locked and moved through 
the automatic doors. 1ust like Star Trek' 
I thought to myself. I could almost hear 
Captain Kirk calling security to the 
bridge as we entered. 

A friendly nurse came strolling up still 
smiling [rom a joke she was just told. 
"Room ~ight," she said calmly and then 
turned to go back to the nurse 's station. 

We waited a few minutes. Collins was 
still on our gurney, since we didn't feel 
we had' enough people at hand to 
transfer him to the hospital'S gurney. In 
walked the nurse on duty, "Hi, feUas, 
what you got for me?" she asked. Dave 
always wanted to answer that kind of 
question. 

"Mr. Collins has been in Vietnam for 
the past TWO hours. He has had a few 
moments of clarity just before we left the 
scene, but he relapsed in route. He has 
qUieted down a lot in route ." I turned to 
tell Dave to do the paperwork. He had 
to register the patient since I was still 
responsible for him and did not want to 
tum him over to a 120 pound nurse. 
Besides, he had our restraints on. 

It was quiet once again . The nurse 
seemed to be geaing bored. Then 
Collins started again. "We need a 50-
caliber up there." 

"We already have a Vulcan up there," 
I said looking at the nurse who called in 
TWO others. 

The doctor came in JUSt after Collins 
came back to us again. He was released 
and I have never seen him again. Yet I 
feel that part of him is in me. Dave and 
I talked about that caU for a long time 
afterwards. It bothered both of us. I will 
never forget the fear in Collins' gaze. I 
feel that I have seen a part of 'Nam. ~ 

MEDICAL SCHOLARSHIPS 
AVAILABLE 

If you're planning a career in medicine, 
you owe it to yourself to find out 
about the Air Force's Health Profes-
sions Scholarship Program. 
Qualified U.S. citizens can receive 
scholarships for medical or osteo-
pathic school. 
Our scholarships Include: 

Tuition 
Required Books 
Required lab Fees 
Required Equlpmenl Rental and 
more than $602 Monthly Stipend 
For details contacl: 

Jim DIICIet 
3443 C.",1no Del Rio South, Suite 201 

Ian Otego, CA NIGI 
(1"1 IN-I204 

Collect C'" Accepted 



Recreation 
IIIIONQAY 
!IIOO pm - IXrtlrrrr1's lacro~ ~ng. All 
INI!Icorrr to attend. At Revetle F~. 
7 ... pm - UCSO Men's SOCcer versus Chapman 
COllege. At Muir Field. 
WEDNESa&.Y 
'Z"'''OO pm - Time and place for faculty. 
staff iTld students [Q come iTld meditate without 
instructIOn. Peace Meditations at UCSO. In P&l 
1117. 
JIOO pm - UCSO Men's Soccer versus Southern 
CaIIA:lrnia College. At Wiltren Field. 
lHUIISDAY 
!1141 pm - The TI'LIrsday Dinner. Good rod and 
great corrpany. Sponsored ~ the Catholic Stu~t 
Coordinators i1 the Lh~ity Lutheran Church. 
Donation S2. 00. 
f'IItDAY 
~ pm - UCSO Men's Waur fblo versus UC 
Riverside. At the CanyonIIiew Aquatic Center. 
Sl'n.mAY 
....... pm - Tired of hl9'1 mectlanic bills7 
Learn to repair your car yourself at Campus 
Recreation's Auto Maintenance workshlp. Sign-
LPS taken at Canyor':IIiew. For more i1b calf 452-
4037. Admission S12oo. 
'ChOO _ - UCSO Men's Cross Country versus 
Biola Lhiversity. 01 the Home COUf'5l'. 
, .... "00 pm - WhiIt starts a meal IS 

SOmetlmes the most memorable. learn the art of 
~ng ~ers at OCR's workshop. leiltn 
to make I..?Iosn rolls iTld mustYoom turTlO\lerS 
along with tniTly other faIIorites. For more details 
call 452-4037. M'nisslOrl 59.00. 
" ....... pm -~ IMlng. Sponsored 
~ the cathoUc Student Coordinators. In the 
Cacho!!!; lounge of the l.hiversity lutheran 
Ch.m:ll. M'nission SI5.oo. 
7 ....... - UCSO IXrtlmen's VoI~1f versus 
Ocddenta/ CQ/II!ge. In the MaIn Gym. General -
aQnlSSIOl1. S2oo; students: Sl.oo. 

~Y 
II ... _ - UCSO Men's Water fblo versus 
U'UVerslty of Southern California. At the 
CanyorMew AQuatIc Center. 

Lecture 
lIIIONQAy 
•• pili - OrQiltlic Chemistry Sernin.¥. Room 
2622li1dergraduate ~ Bldg. ~. F'iero 
Terossl. Ul~ of Naples. ~. "~ 
Agonist:s -A fbnible E.perlmentai Si,.,.,,1ation of 
It1e Rleceptor Site EnvirOi .,itt Il" 
.... pili - Special ChernIcaI-f'hy5i Seminar. 
Room 1102 uey Hall ... KIaftrr. Exxon ~ 
laDS. "Rleacoons i1 RanOOm~" 
TUUDAY 
'ZIOO pili - IXrtlmen's Opportunity \XIeek 
IWOW)-usa Hirxnman of Counseling and 
Psychological ~rvices WI" discuss ~xual 
Harassment. In the I'«ln:h Con~ence Rbom. 
ZIOO ..... - Special AMfS/Ener~ Cerur and 
RJld Med'la1ics Sernin.¥, 7104 lRy Hall. M. 
'Ibusef Bahadon. """tiple laminar Diffusion 
Flames." 
4100 pm -Asuophy5ics Seminar. ItJO P&L F.e. 
Gillett NQt\O. Kin Peak. "An IAAS Spelncular 
Starring 47 Tue." 

~y 
- warren C~ Sooa//l'blitical Film Series. Film: 

"The Ulwanted." Su~: l.k1documented 
IKibrkers i1 Caifomia. Ojso Gsion led by faculty 
rt'lffl1bers and/or ecpem en the topic of the film 
tlllowlng the viewng. 
'ZIOO ..... - cat Space Institute Seminar. In 101 
"'¥IcaI ~ a'ld Space ScienC!!s. 
ScrIPPS Institute of Oc~anography. William 
ltolJllSOi1. "Beha/ior of ElectrorniIgndic Tether 
Systems on LEO." 

Academic Services 
....aA¥I dCAY 
-. t ....... - S/GI. Sy5ten 01 Inter~ 
GuidCTlcr and InIormiItICi1 is a ~~ 
progam of CNeer intIrmation d!sigled to hefp 
)OU clarity yax IIiIIues and oco IpationaI interests. 
For more inIormation. ~ to Career Services 
Center in HI.. room 1058. 
... t... .... -PAl ConfI!rencrs - Don't 
spend more time ~ than neassaryI 

SctleclJ~ a one-to-one PAl fpersonaI assistiITIcr for 
Iearnng) CDI,fot!i er Ie!! to srre.nIine yax stuc¥n9. 
The conference will deal with yax course 
mat~riills. conc~rns including reading 
COrl1>r~ion. memory control. lecture 
not«along. oYld test preparilborl. as well as how to 
I1'IiiWlage your time. handle stress, (XlI iIJ/!i lb. 
better; and IM!fCIJI1Y proaa5tination. Sponsored 
by the (,ASIS Rrading and ~ Skills Cerur i1 
USB 4010. 
... t ....... - Q\SIS \Miting cerur oIJers 
free seMce b all UCSO students IM10 need pre-
wnting hefp. ~encrs en cOfts. and edU1g 
acMce. ~ l'I'99l' InJ kind of wrU1g problem. 
Confierences are by 4)POitttJlittll: only. ~ 
appoi'ltmI!nts ilte roN abo ~ in Ql\S/S 
lHrd Place at Third College. fFor the .", range of 
seMcrs see bade: 01 Fall ~) Cal 452-2284 or 

~ by USB 4010 to ~ .. c1ppOi ttJlitt It This 
seMce is available througJout the quartrr. 
........ pili - Don't let college stop)'OU from 
geaing an eQjQtionl LriITrWlg entails not only 
trxtbooks but practical ecperienC!! as wefll Get 
that expenence with an irUmship fromA5lO. Call 
452-4689 or stop by our otIIcr abo\IIe the game 
room i1 the SIlJdent Cerur. 
... 1 _. pili - GRAMAWl MOSeS HOTlINE 
- A grammar hotIine phone-in ~ b hefp 
with diction. grammar and punctuation PI obIems. 
To reach Grammar Moses. call 452-2284 between 
the hours of 9:iXH:00 Morlday through~. 
Sponsored by Q\SIS Il.titing Center. 5enIice 
avai/oible througlout the quarter. 
, ...... - Tours 01 the UCSO ~ iITl' 
offered by the Educational Opportunity 
P.rog:am/Offia of IieIaOons with SCtIooIs. Tours 
A:lr the general public ilTe ofllered six times a week. 
'M!I!!cdatys at I pm. and on SiIIurdatys at 10:30 am. 
The ~ tours Ie_ from the fronr fA DuiIdi1g 
101 located on M)<om DriYr. 01 SaU'day. IDurl will 
Ie_ from the front fA the Cenual U'Wersity 
lJOriJl)'. No ~ is necessary. For 
directions cafj Dial INFO at 452-4636 and _ to 
near tape 5-15. or call EOP/OIIS at 452-3140. 
......... - 0rqHn Hours. For questions 
pertaining to areer ~jJbtu1ting. resurn! 
aiticJulllg. ete. AppoiI rtJ I itt ots rIIiI!Y abo be 
sdledJled i1 the morrWlg by calling Career Services 
Center at 452-3 750. 
MOMMY 

- Graduate SChool/law/MBA Advising. 
P1a'rilg on a grac1late. '- or MBA degr~ 
program ~ UCS07 Hl!1p with aci'nissions and 
application questions today ~ appointrn!nt ~. 
Cal Carf!l'l' Services Cerur at 452-4939 b more 
deaiIed information. In the Student Center Bldg. 
/\. 
' .... 'ZIIO .... - CORe FOI..NClo'\TION will 
be hrer en ~ for iIT'If students interested in 
knowing more ibOUt their sdlooI or admissions. 
Sponsored by Carf!l'l' Services Cerur. In 244 Third 
College HumiITIiIies Bui~ 
' ... ZIOO pili - Ma-. Clo'\Y. Admissions 
recrUIters from aJe( 30 ~atlIatr buSiness sctoooIs 
will be ataitable to talk wirtt $IUdI!nts about their 
programs. At the Student Center ~. 
, ... ~ .... _ tnterested in the Hl!iIIth 
Prr*ssIons 7 }I(Msing appuit III*' ots _laDle for 
arf!l'l' pliJT'ning and pr~ school 
preparation. catl Career SeMces Center at 452-
4939 in aQ/ance b oYl appuit ttJl*, rc. but no e;rier 
than ~ IIIoftk. In tht Studerlt cerm Bldg. /\. 
, ...... pili - Mode 1r'IteMew-Se81g iFld 
heamg )'OUrself on IIideotape CMl hefp put the 
finishing touches on jnt~rviewing skills. 
Prerequisite: lntenMwing Skills ~. catl 

1 ZIOO pm - Date and Acquaintance Rape 
DisQJssion. In the North Conference Room of the 
Student Center. Rape awareness. prevention iTld 
education WIll be disQJssed tJt Bonnie Dumanis. 

~ty DIstrict Attourney for San Diego County. A 
film entitled, "Not Only Strangers." will also be 
shown. Sponsored ~ the IXA:Jmen 's Resource 
Center and Legal SeMCes. 
1 ZIOO pm - Research $em,nar on Mexico and 
US-MexICO RElatIOns. In the Conference Room of 
the Institute of the Americas BUIlding in Third 
Coltege. Barry Carr. of La Trobe UlJVersity. 
Australia. "fblitical StrategIes of the Mexican lett." 
4100 pm - Biology ~Inar. Room 2622 USB. 
Michael LerrTla1 of the NatIonal Cancer Institute. 
"Cloning and Characterization of Putative 
Transformng Sequences requied for TPA Induced 
Neoplastic TriTlSformatlOll of Mouse Epidermal 
Celts." 
4100 pm - Chemical Engineenng ~lnar. Room 
7104 U'ey Hall. Willian B. Krantz o f the LhJVersity 
of Colorado. "ConvectlV!.' Instabilities Induced ~ 
Gradients n the Intermolerular fbtential Enerq,r: 
Ulderstanding the MIcrostructure of F'I:ltymeric 
Membranes." 
4iOO pm - Condensed Matter PhysICS Semlnilt. 
Room 1205 HL..bhn Mydost1 ofUC santaBarbara 
and the Lilillersity of Leiden. "Spin-Glasses: SOrrr 
Recent Experiments." 
-61" pm - NuClear Weapons and Sodety 
~lTinar. In the Revelle Formal loonge. WillIam 
J\.tahec;,-, "Ethical and Moral issues Concerning 
N.J cleilt Weapons." 
'lHUllSDAY 
1ZIOO pm - BIOChemIstI)' SemInar. Room 2100 
Basic Soence Building in the School of MedionI.'. 

~ Hurley. "The Ught-Actillated Cyclic GMP 
Cascade n Vertebrate Photo Recptor and its 
Homology with Horrrone-~sitllle Menylate 
Cyclase ¥tem." 
'ZIOO ..... - Roger Revelle. bmer Ulillersity 
wide Dean For Reseiltch, will present a talk on 
" The African Food Shortage ." In Garren 
Audtonum at the Medical School. Sponsored ~ 
the American Medical Student Association. 
.... .... - "'¥ics Colloquium. In 2611 USB. 
Howard Haber of. UC Santa Cruz. "Has 
Supersymmerry Been Found at the CERN 
Co/Iider7' 
7 ... ' .... pm - Wiltren CoIII!ge Faculty 
Fellow PI'o!1am presents a seminar on the Media 
and Politics ~aturing Dr. Herbert Schiller a'ld Dr. 
ClaJdio Ferner-lDpez with Warren CoIlI!ge 
Communications majors assisting. ~tailed 
~ 01 political debates a'ld campaign 
commerdals WIll be given.ln Peterson Hall 103. 
... ..... -C""lJUll'r Audio Researchlaboratoty 
l.ecture/DmIonstration. In the Center A:lr Music 
E.perimenr. Main Space. Bldg. 408. WilTren 
COIII!ge. Monthly demonstration and lecttxe giIIer1 

~ F. Ric:tli!td Moor~. D. Gareth l.oy. and others. 
I'IIIDAY 
1Z1OS ..... - Marine Biology Seminar. In room 
4500 MilTin!.' Biology Bldg. In the Scripps Institute 
01 Oceanography. SiJritl L Frend10ftheUWersity 
of Virginia. "~eing Genes in Action : 
Ultr aStru ccur al Aspects of TRP Operon 
Expression.-
ZIOO.... - AMES llioen9neering Seminar. In 
room 274 Medical Teadwlg Facility in the School 
Of Medidne. Y.c. Fung. "A New TheoIy of 
Pulmonary Blood Row in ~ 2 CaldrtJon." 
JIOO ..... - Philosophy Cotoquium. In the ~Ie 
Formal Lounge. It>bert FogeIin of Oartrnouttl and 
UC ~rk~~. "Hu~'s Natural History of 
Philosophy." 
~y 
'"'S _ - Faculty~. In the Ul~sity 
lutheran Church. across the s~ from li~ Hall. 
Ibbert Wagener, Pastor at the Ulited ~.s 
Mnisrry at UCSO. "Can Christian Faith Survtllt' in a 
Ted'lnoIogocai IKibrld7' 

Career Services Center' at 452-3750 ID mak~ oYl 
~ttJi*,ll In HlI058. 
ZIIO f.. -RENV is sponsoring a worIcshop to 
more fUIty acquaint re-entry students witt! the 
UIJrary Sl'IVicesoYld resourC!!S avai/oible to them. 
We wi. meet from 2-3 pm on Morlday Oct. IS, in 
Cluster Ubrilly room HL 2100. 
ZIOe .... - Pacific liMrsity ~. 
2 :00-3:00: Physical Therapy. 3 :00-4 :00: 
~Iletiy. 4:00-5:00: Qrnlpationallherilpy. In 
the ~ FomIaI Lounge. 
..... -INTERVIEWING SKIUS WORI<SHOP. 
Dc )'QI need hefp i1 preparing for jJb iotei o<iews7 
Career Services Cerur wiI proIIide lipS en the best 
ways to present yaI qualillcations and wtliIt kind 
of irUr.Iiew questions to e!peCt. In tht ~ 
f'OmIaI l.ou'lge . ........ - Pre-OentaI 
0rientaCi0n IIIhat does it takr to get ~ 
DerIQI School 7 A£quaint )ICUfseIf with tht 
requirements and opportunities. In the North 
COllf!", Ie!! tam fA the Student Cerur. 
n.lDAY 

- Graduate ScnooI/law/MBA Advising. 
f'IiITIning en a !1aclJate, law or MBA degree 
Pft9i!tn ~ UCS07 Hl!1p with admissions and 

~ion questions ~ by c1ppOi ItJlitt II: ~. 
Call Ureer Services Center at 452-4939 b more 
detailed inIormation. In the Student Center Bldg. 
/\. 
......... _ - The Q\SIS c.r-n. and 
MedloY1ics ~ is d!sigled b students 
IM10 IM)U/d /Ike to work en dar~ basic 
9' amrnatical concepts oYld c.ategories. iFld 
ifJP¥ng them in oYl extensiIIr ~ Sl!r'ies of 
pratticaI _cises. This praaiC!! is valuable for 
iIT'If students IM10 hiIYr prob6erns IMiCing tht 
CDfYlIIeI EnglIsh senterlC!!S derl'l;l!'oded in ac.adernic 
wriDlg. An ecer~mnJaI to bepurchasecl bytht 
s1Udent \Nil be used. AI work wiI be alfI1)Ieted in 
the CDnteIt of the workshop. In USB 402()A.. 
, ... _ - C>N-CJWPUS INTERVIEWING 
ORIENTA nON. If you are interested in 
partiq)ating in the Carf!l'l' Ser\1ces Center's 00-
carrpus interIIiewing program this quarter. it is 
rn.YIdaIDty that )'OU attend COl! of thesr 
orientations tlI!fore )'OU inteNiew. In the ~ 
FomIaI l.ou'lge. 
...... ZIOe pili - How to Concentrate 1\1 
WI.--£ver wonder why)<lU CMl't ~ when)'OU 
plan to 7 lade: of ccncenuation is ~ of the most 
dilriwlt and persistent probIerns cOllege students 
faa. This worIcshop identities the factors that 
disn.pt 1Nming. and prcMdes ptOIo'l' tedIniques for 
combatting thesr problems. ~oYll how to put out 
)'OUr maxi,.,."m effort when )'OU \MInt tol 
Sponsored by tht ~ Rleading and ~ Skills 
Center. In TCH 141. 
'Z ... , ..... - The Ql\S/S Frerlch IKIbrkshop 
is desigled main~ for students IM10 iITl' writing 
~ or other class assig:lments in Frerldl. 
SIuder1t:5 not working en specifIc~. but IM10 
would like to perfect their writing ability in Frend1. 
ilte abo weIalme. lhe \llrt)rlcsllop will aile' a 
unique opportunity for students to edt their own 
papers. and seek ~ criticism from their 
peers. It wiM also proIIid! dariflcation of !1arT11T1i1T. 
mec1\iW1ics, and senteriC!! and pilTagnph structure. 
Pre-writing diswssions. when necessary, wiN be 
corowcted in Frendl. SluderII:s rIIiI!Y attend en 

r~1ar or oc.casionaI basis. In usa 40 70. 
.... ZIOO pili - lhe ~ P.rog:.wn 1.-11 
and /I-This Ql\S/S bwses on the tnnking skills 
)OU need to successfully handle the readinQ and 
writing tasIU assigned in yax murses. It is 
desig:1ed for ttlose who want to perfect their 
English language skills. lP classes iIt~ tauglt by 
reading and writingsp«ialists and bi~ tutors. 
LP is presented by the OASIS \llhiting Center and 
the OASIS Rrading Center i1 USB ~. 
ZIOO pili - "IIMRKfTABlE RESU\Af" - leilTn 
how [Q write an efreaille resulTll!. Start the process 
here then n- )'OUr resulTll! aitiqued ~ a Career 
SeMC!!S Center adIIisor. A ,.,."st for orKarI'llUs 
interviewing. In the ReIeIIe FomIaI l.ou'lge. 
z.", _ ....... -Intrrested in Medicine or Dentis, 
try7 Orop-in acMsing in open sessions. In the Ca-
reer SenIIC!!s Cerur at ft Studerlt Center Bldg. /\. 

e ee 

-galen ar 

... pili - Jnstruaion in meditation by Pt!iIC!! 
Meditatiars at UCSO. In USB 4020. 
7 ....... -Consider ~Atlroad Next Yl'iItl 
Earn UC aedits wti/e stuc¥ng abroad. Financial 
Aid atai/aDIe. Cal 452-3730 tJr more information. 

~Ir session en Oct. 16. ]pm in the 
InternationiII Cerur. 
'W"NBftAY 
- MI~ TERM PREP" BrIng)'OUr course material 

and get orgoY1ized b rridsl You'" learn how to 
apply the successful SCORE system. predct tesr 
(JJe5tions. and rf!<irN b total prepilTation i1 iIT'If 
course. Sponsored by the Q\SIS Rrading and 
Study SIciIIs Cerur. In the Student Cenrer' BuildIng 
B. tht CorRrencr Ib:lm. 
........ _ - The Ql\S/S GrilTlYM' & 
MedIarlics IKIbrIcsrop is desig:Ied A:lr SIUdents 
who would Ice to work en clarifying basic 
!1.wnmatical concepts and categories. and 
ifJP¥ng them in an ecterlsiIIe. ¥tematic series of 
practical exercises. lhis practice is ViIIuatJ/e for iIT'If 
students who ~ protJlems writing the ~ 
EngIisn sentences demanded In academic writing. 
An ecercise manual to bepurc:hased by the student 
will be usee!. All work wi. De ~ i1 the 
conteCt fA the worIcshop. In USB lOSOB. 
...... , ... _ - Interested i1 Medicine or 
0!rGsUy7 0rqHn acMsing in open sessions. In the 
Career SeNiC!!s Center at Student Cerur Bldg. A 
,,..,... .... - THE Ql\S/S SPANISH 
IolIORICSHOP is a new tNtin of the L.anguage 
Program. It is designed ~b srudents who iITl' 
writing ~ or other class ~ in 
SpiJTIish. Stuc:IImU not working on specific. but 
IM10 would like to perf1!a their writing ability in 
Spanish iITl' abo weI~. The IKIbrkshop will aile' 
a unique opportunity for students to edit their own 
papers. and se8 ~ aiticism from their 
peers. It wi. also proIIid! darlIic.ation of !1anmar. 
mectIoY1ics. and sentenc:e andparagraphstruaure. 
Pre-lMiting diw 1SSfons. when necessary. wiM be 
ccnc1IC2d in Spanish. Students rIIiI!Y attend on 

~Iar ex occasional basis. according to their 
needs. In USB 4070. 
'IHU ...., 

- Graduate SChool/law/MBA AdIIIsing. 
Planning en a gr aclJate. law or Mtv. degree 
program after UCS01 ~ with acmssions and 
appIcation questions ~ by appoittJlitt II: on~. 
Call Career Services Center at 452-4939 tJr more 
detailed information. In the Studenr Center Bldg. 
/\. 

- Speed reading-During ttis rTinkDurse. )'OU 
can expect to at /N5t douOle or triple your reading 
speed and Ieam how to ~ your reading r. 
to suit your assigt ., itt Its. You will ~ ac:tive 
reading ted1niques and ~ both )'OUr 
concentration and corrprehesion. Sponsored by 
the Ql\S/S Aeading and ~ Skills Cerur. In 
TCH8141. 
........ _ - THE Ql\S/S GAAMMARNlJD 
MECHANICS WORKSHOP is designed tor 
SQJdents IM10 IM)U/d like to work en clarifying 
basic !1ammatJcal conc:epts and categories, and 
app¥ng theri1 in an ecterlsiIIe systematic series of 
pratticaI ecercises. lhIs practice is valuable A:lr iIT'If 
students who ~ problems writing the ~ 
English senterlC!!S demanded in academc writing. 
lVlexerdse manual to Depurc:hased ~ the student 
VlliH be usee!. All work will be CO/Tllieted in the 
context fA the workshop. In USB 30308 . 
'01'."" _ - Interested in the Hl!iIIth 
f'rOfI!ssionS 7 IIdIIising 4)POit Iblitt Its available for 
areer pliJT'ning and pre-profl!ssJonai school 
preparation. catl Career SeviC!!S Center at 45~-
4939 i1 ~ tJr iTl appointment. but no earlier 
than one 'M!I!!c. In the Student Center Bldg. /\. 
ZIOO ..... - ON-CMM'US INTERVIEWING 
ORIENTA TlON. If you are interested in 

parti~ing in the Career SeviC!!S Center's 00-
carYllUs intet1Iiewing progam this qua-ter. it is 
ITIiITldiJIDIy that )'OU attend one 01 these 
orientations befor~ )'OU i1tl'l'lliew. In the ReYeIIe 
FomIaI lounge. 
z... .... pili - The l.an!JJagr P.rog:am Levels I 
& 11- This~bwsesonthethinkingskillsyou 
need to successfully tIarldIe the reading iTld 

writing tasks assi!1Jed in your courses. It is I 
desig:1ed for ttlose who want to perf1!a their 
English language skillJ. LP classes iITl' taIJ!tit ~ 
reading and writing speoaIists and by OIIing.Jal 
tutors. lP is presented ~ the Ql\S/S \IIhiting Center 
and tilt: Q\SIS Reading Center. In USB 406(S. 
... .... - "IIMRKfTABlE RESU\1E" - Leiltn 
how to write an ~ resurnl!. Start the process 
here then have your resulTll! crIriqued tJt a Career 
Ser\1ces Center adIIisor. A ,.,."st for orKarI'llUs 
interIIiewing. In the ReIIeIIe Formal Lounge. 
PlllDAY 
'01'."'" _ - Interested in the Hl!attn 
Professions 7 Advising appointments avai/oible for 
carf!l'l' p/iItYling and pre-profes.stonal school 
preparation. Call Career SeNiC!!S Center at 452-
4939 in iDfance for an appointment. but no earlier 
than COl! 'M!I!!c. In the Student Center Building /\. 

Services/Workshops 
IIOMIAY 
..... 'ZIOO pili - General Therapy Group -
This therapy ~p is for UCSO gra!lJate students. 
The foOJs is on personal concerns. relationships 
and life !Pals. Time may change if ~ for 
most srudents. Drop ~ HI. 1003 and leave a 
~Ie. Lraders: JotYo I"vlaews and lourdes 
Perez. catl 452-3755 to sig:l up. Offered ~ 
f'¥t1OIo9ical and Counseling SerIIices. 

MOM)AY-""'~Y 

,0.- _ - Catholic Mass. Sponsored ~ the 
Catl"olic Co~ity at UCSO. In the Student 
Center Bldg B. I.Dwer Level Con~ence Room. 

SIOO pm - Catholic Mass. Sponsored tJt the 
catholic Co~nity at UCSO. In the Lhiversity 
lutheran Church. La Jolla Shores and N. Torrey 
Pines Rd. 

1 1:1S _ - "Can Christian Faittl Survive in a 
Technological IXrtlrld7' will be disaJssued ~ 
UCSO Campus Pastor Robert Wi!IIf}I!ner. An open 
meeting. In the lounge of the Ul~ity Lutheran 
ChurCh. 

IIIIONQAY 
7,"9100 pm - Asoan American Chnstian 
Fel/owstlip """CF/ - We IM!Icome you to join us 
toni9'1t. as we learn about God's ~ and how it 
applies to our daily I~. In the North Con~ence 
blm at the Stu~t Center. 
WEDNISDAY 
... pili - Student supper, hosted ~ Lhillersity 
LutheriTlS. open to alt. In the lOOnge of Uliversity 
lutheran Church.. j,lst west of U'ey Hall. 
•• 4Spm -Biblestu~onActs &10. sponsored ~ 
Lutherans at UCSO. All ilte wetcorrr. In the Lounge 
of Lilillersity lutheran Church. across the street 
from Revetle College. 7100-.,_ pM - Inter-Varsity Christian 
FeltowsI1ip. Looking for gJOd feflowship 7 Come 
join us for a tirrr of singing. shilting. and learning. 
Bring a friend. In the Chancellor's COrTl'1a lilA 7,., pm - For Christians. a series of weeJo'ly 
sem inars " Answering Questions about 
Christianity." Tau9'lt tJt Bob Siegel of Sojourners 
ChristiiTl Fellowship. In the North Cen~ence of 
the Student Center bldg B. 
.... pm - "Jesus Christ: ~igious Martyr or 
lMtimate Answer, ' is the Inquirers Seminar topic 
led tJt lutheriTl campus Pastor ..bhn Huber." 
fIIer)ooe is inIIIted. In the Lounge of Liliversity 
lutheran Church at La Jolla Shores Dr. and North 
Torrey Pines Rd. 
'OiOOpm - CandlelIght Mass. Sponsored Dy the 
CathOlic COITIrTU1ity at UCSO. In the chapel of the 
l.hiversity lutheriTl Church. 
THlMIDAY 
7 ....... - ~ break-<ome join us for an 
exciting tirrr of feflowshoP. entertainn'I!nt singing 
and insigtIt into a personal relationstlip with Jesus 
Christ. Sponsored ~ Campus CrjASade for Christ. In 
the North Conference Ib:lm fby EOI\IN. 
7 ...... - How t::l ~ aw6f )'OUr Christian 
Faith without riling the ner-dsl "Practical 
WItness/~ Faith" is an opportunity to do 
jJst that Bi~ sru~/5haring Group sponsord by 
Lhited Ca"'lJUS Minisuy of the ~ian. 
Metncxist. UCC. and Disciples of Christ. Rt!v. Bob 
Wagener s~ leader. In the South Con~ence 
1bJrn, Building B at the Student Center. 
...... -Bi~ ~: lhebiblels nota textbook 
for ~. not a resource for predicting the 
future. Thebi~makes~useof~ Then 
IIIIlat gJOd is it 7 Come and disCOll'l'l' the cathoMc 
view of the bi~. Sponsored ~ the Catholic 
Student Coodinators, in the Catholic I..ounge at the 

~ity luthera"l Churct'1. 
SAn.mAY 
IlOO .... - CatholIC Mass. Sponsored ~ the 
Catholic Corrvrunity at UCSO. In the Lhillersity 

lut~an Church. 
SUNDAY 
.. 91'S & 11 ... _ - Episcopal Church 
IKibrship Sevice: Sunday Euc:tli!tist a'ld Parish 
feflowship. In the Good SamiltiWt Episcopal 
Church. at 4321 Eastgae Mall. across Genesee 
from the east end of CiWIlltJS. norm of La Jolla 
VIllage Dr. At the intersection of Eastgate Mall and 
Genesee. 
.. - - Catholic Mass. Sponsored by the 
Catholic Corrwrunity at UCSO. In rite Lil~sity 
lutheroYl Churdl Chapef. at the comer of North 
Torrey Pines and La .Jolla Shores. 
'ChOO _ -lutheran IKIbrst'ip with Pastor ..bhn 
Huber ~a/cing on "Our I~ Fellowship" 
based on Acts &10. Open to alt. In the U'1M!rsity 
Lutheran Church. across from ReIeIIe COIII!ge. 

n.lDAY 
..... 0100 _ - Graduate IIVOmen In 
Humanities Group - This is a 'M!I!!c~ support 
!1OOP A:lr graclJate IIIIOmen students i1 ttoe 
Humanities concerned with personal. profesionaI 
and academic issues. Mirian /osupcMd and Sandra 
Wlider-Padilla. leaders. Meers at 1003 f+l. Call 
452-3755 to sig:l up. Offered ~ PsydlQ/OgIcai and 
Counseling Services. 
.Z ... , ........ - You wouktl't go s/cydIIIing 
wirhout a pilTachJte, it just makes no sense at all. 
Neither does sex wirhout a form of birth conrroI : 
Don't rely on toopes. learn the sexual ropes at the 
IJirth CDr1b'OI information session. It·s confidenbaI. 
straigtlr 1orwiITd. and FREEl LlpStairs at the Student 
Hl!aIttl Center. 
Z ... ~ pm - Gay,lBlsexual Men's Group -
This is an orwping confidential support group for 
underg:ac1Iate men (JJl'Stioning their sexuality. as 
well as ttlose who identi~ as gay,/bisexual. Meets 
weekly rtYouglout the yeiIT. Led ~ Stelle Bract;. 
Meets at 1003 f+l. Students carl call 452-3755 b 
more inb. or they can just come to the group. 
...,.,..p,""y 
.... , ... _ - S/¥ll'SS Group - Does 
iITIltiety CNef certain sodal situations GaISe )'OU to 
Mlid others or beI'IaIIe s1W71f so. ~ and meet 
other students with silTilar concerns and learn 
new ways to beI'IaIIe. Led by Steve ~ and 
Und5iIy StrOller1. Meers in IOCB H-/.; ofl'e'ed by the 
PsychOlogical and Counseling Services. Stuc:IImU 
can call 452-3755 tJr more inIbrmation. 

SIOO pm - CatholIC Mass. Sponsored ~ the 
Catholic COrTIrnlnity at UCSO. In the Liliversity 
lutheran Church. 
.,' S pm - Episcopal Church IKibrship Service: 
Folk Mass. In the Good Samafltan Episcopal 
Church. 4321 Eastgate Malt. 

Organizational 
Meetings 
MONDAY 
6100 pm - UCSO SaIling Cluo wilt meet to dISCUSS 
POSS,[)le Catalina trip In the next couple weeks plus 
dif; sails. Pro~~ members are welcome. No 
experience required. In APM 2202. 
- Meeting for Ulion of JewIsh Students. In t'le 

Revelle Commuter lOOnge. 
TUESDAY 
7 ... pili - Yes we would rather be seekIng the 
pefea wave than watdling the Padres. Find out 
why at the Surf CIuO meeting. InformatIOn 
concerning Mexico trips. duO funding and the 
UCSO open WIlt abound In USB 3010. 
_DNUDAY 
.... _ - RENV. a student organIZatIOn 
addressi'lg the academIC and SOCIal needs dOd 
desires of students who have re-entered school 
after ;, 5 year aI>Ser1ce. IS hailing a IT1eetUlg 
Wednesday. Oct. 17. at B am in the Muir Provost 
Conf. Room in HSS 2148. 
4iOO pm - ASian Pacific Student AllIance jAPSA) 
has a General MeetI"Q. Eveyone welcome. 
~es on l'\IIents b the quarter. planning for 
Winter iTld Spring quarter actMtIes. Sig:1 ups for 
the ActMties COIT1IT1ttee. In the Student Center. 
Student Organization Lounge. 
S .. pm - International Cuo MeetIng. ThIs IS a 
chance b all )'OU begn as welt as American 
students to get together Informal~ and get to 
know eadl other and share aoout your home 
countries. Free r~eshments. Help us plan sorrr 
tun actMties Ibr next quarter. E~ Welcorrr l 
In the International Center lounge. 
.... pili - Corne to the Ski Club Meeting to find 
out m on Vail. Hl!iIT about up-cornng l'\IIents and 
newty planned l'\IIents. See " RadicaI~ IncJined" skl 
ftlm. Rlefreshments ~. Come or eIse}KXJ wilt 
see nothing. hear nothing and do nothing. 
THURSDAY 
11 .. _ - All UCSO amliared women are 
invited to come to the Oceanids Membership 
luncheon that wiU be hefd TI'LIrsday. October lB. 
at 11:30 am at the Liliversity House. Come and 

~ more aoout this ~s volunteer 
organization and its activities. For additJonal 
inbrmation call AlI~ Boynton at 4BI-0236. 
S ....... -All interested in Chemisuywelcorrri 
AC5-Student Alfiliares of the .A.merican Ct1emIGlI 
50dety rrreetng. NnJal e/ectJons and general 
l'\Ie1t pIarYlingl Got any Ideas 7 Don't rriss otl 
RIetreshrnents tool In U'ey Hall. 1000. 
7 ....... - RepuOlicarrs l Tired of the doom and 
gloom picture of the world7 Cb you want 
something pos~ and the chance [Q help make 
things Ilappen 7 Come ..bIn L.5: The COIII!ge 
AlepuOlicansiin liliIIersiry Extension room ISO. 

"~Y 
........ - Hey Folksl IXIt1at is it. midterms 7 Don't 
)Ou need a break from all that stu<¥ng 7 Come and 
take )'OUr IJreaIc: WIth us. Triton Wargaming ~ 
Friday nights j.Jst tJr)'OU in APM 2113. 

,,... .... pili - ~ f'reIIention E<iJcatIOI1 
Prog:.wn Presents-A -...orkshlp on Date and 
J'.cquair1tanC! Ilape. ··Not only StrarlQer5" wilt be 
stDwn and discussion VIIi" follow. lead by Bonnlt' 
IJUInanDs i1 the North Conference Room. 
• z..., ... pili -Babies: The stork delivers them 
and PRESTO. instant morrmy and ~. Are )'OU 
still IMng in a fantaSy world Uke this 7 Join us tJr the 
facts at the birth control i1tJrmation session. 
Clean. deiIT -cut truths aoout sex. Llpstairs at the 
Student Hl!aIttl Cerur. 
ZIOO-.. pili - Gay,lBisexual Men's Group -
This is an on-going confidential support group for 
underg:a!lJate men ~ioning their sexuality, as 
weIas ttlose whO identity as gay,lbiselcual. Meers 
weekly ttYoug1OUt the yeiIT. Led ~ Stelle ~. 
Meea 1003 H-L Students carl call 452-3755 for 
more i1b. or they can just corrr to the !1OOP. 

1HI'PMY 
......... -Lesbian Support Group. Orso ISsion of 
topics concemi1g IMJmet1 who · in lesbian. 
bisexual. or questioning their sexuality in a 
supportiYe atmospher~. In the lKIbrnen's resource 
Center. 
, ... Z ...... - General Group Therapy - This 
cn-going group is open to all UCSO studerltS. 
grac1late or underg:aclJate. The txus WIll be on 
Doth personal and inrerpersona/ COflCI!mS. Offered 

~ Steve Bract; and Connie Brunig. Meers at Hl 
1003 Call 452-3755 .:0 sig:1 up. 

....... pili - 0rqHn Gay/bisexual Men's 
Oiso.Jssion Group. This is a weekly ctqH1 peer 
diw ISsion group b ma/e studer1cs who idenri~ as 
b8lg gay or 0isecuaI. as well as ttlose who are 
exploring their sexuality. A great opportunity to 
talk with other students sharing smlar COflCI!mS. 
New melltCltl s carl join at lnf time. Offered by 
Cartos Nelson and Denetrius 0I!Iacruz. Meets at 
lOCB f+l. If students n- questions they can call 
Carlos at 452-4297; otherwise. theycanjJstarrili!! 
for the !1OOP. 
.....100 .... - ICarIlJus Black Forum - This is 
a weekly i1formal discussion group on the issues. 
concerns. and the quality 01 U~ 01 the 8/ad( 
oom,.,."nity at UCSO. This is oYl ongoing!1OUP and 
students can join at iIT'If time. Call leader Phil 
Raphael at 452-3035 if you have ~ questions; 
otherwise. students can just tum up at the group. 
It meets In Mt VIew loonge at lhirto Co/lege. 
Offered tJt Psychological and Counseling Sevices. 

"~Y 
1Z1OO-ZIOO .... - ReaM!ring bm Eating 
Disorders I - fRED 1/- ThIS lsa group bwomen 
with eating disorders. Participants Il'IO\/'l' towilTd 
recr:NerY throug1 a program of grac1Jal stages. 
Students who are oD5essed with 'oIII'eI9'lt contrOl. 
who rIIiI!Y aternatey Oinge. fast or vomit will ftncI a 
COITiTIOI1 ground of support and caring in this 
group. Forus will De on eUlTinating the addictive 
betlaIIior while also working to understand the 
relationship of feelings i1 ths painful tyde. T we 
groups are being oIJe'ed. The COl! led by ..... Harju 
and Denise Zimmerman will meet on Fndays at 
I'DOO (bring a bag Unc:h/. and. a second tirrr on 
TuesdiPfS at 9:00-1000 am. The other, led by 
Mirian Iosupovlci iTld Lndsey StrOberl will meet 
on Wed'Iesdays from 12:30-200 pm. begimingon 
Oct. 17. The Friday !1OOP meets at the Warren 
CoIII!ge f'roIIost's 01l'iC!!. Call 8c!v at 452 3987 to 
cI1eck aoout the !1OOP. 
.... t ........ - Alcorot and Substance Abuse 
- For students who want help n dealing with an 
alcDtDl or drug ~ prolllern. frTl'/lasis will be on 
understanding the col'f1)lexity of the prOOlem. 
idenrifying options. making a CQIl'V'Mment to 
change. and 'bllowing througl. Homework 
assigrunents and group norms WIll be established 
as part of the group's and i1divi<iJaI 's progran. 
Before joining the group. interested students are 
asked to call Becca at 452-3755 to make a short 
appointment with ~ of our counselors to see if 
the group will meet their needs. Led ~ Dan 
Munoz. Psychological and Counseling SeMces. 
Meets at the Revelle ProIiost's Office. 

C) 

~ J 

~t 
@ 
C) 

~ J 

s:: 
~ 
~ 

~ 
"-y. 

~ 
~ 

.-

VI 



16 Monday, OCI 15, ) 984 

It was inspiring but. e e 

By SEAN LIBBERTON 

I T HAD ALL THE MAKI GS of a lopsided mismatch: defending national champion Cal Berkeley, a 
tough, phYSical wa:cr polo powerhouse, 
taking on the UCSD Tritons, a similarly 
talented team but without the size or 
experience of irs opponent. It should 
have been a blowout. It wasn't. 

So , what happened? 
"We just went out and played a great 

game," explained Triton coach Denny 
Harper, not at all looking like a coach 
whose team was on the losing end of a 
14-8 score. "Cal had beaten us earlier 
this year 13-2 , so I think that 14-8 is a 
pretty good performance ." 

UCSD has put together a number of 
good performances over the last couple 

of weeks, induding a three-game sweep 
lasr weekend at the Triton Tournament. 
Harper thinks that rhe momentum 
caused by those victories may have 
inspired his team against Berkeley. 

-It 's difficult to compere w!rh a team 
as big and aggressive as Berkeley," noted 
Harper. "They have 12 kids on full 
scholarship (as a Division 1Il school, 
UCSD is nm allowed to offer athletic 
scholarships), and we just don 't have 
the same kind of budget of a program 
like theirs. But we pur In just as much 
time, and probably more effort, so that 
we can stay comperitive with the bigger 
schools." 

The exrra time and effort were 
evident in Friday's game. Berkeley got 

Pounding heads in the water 
By CHRISTINA KAUS 

When two kids have a score to settle 
and they fight it out, what is left on the 
battlefield after the final round is usually 
nothing more than a few tears and 
maybe a lunch pail. But when two bodIes 
weighing in at 200 pounds lock horns, 
much more is at stake. It can get pretty 
messy. That is what sometimes happens 
in men's water polo, at least at the level 
of the nation's top tearns , a level whIch 
Includes UCSD. 

"You have to understand the violence 
at this level," says UCSD coach Denny 
Harper. "The game gers intense , and if a 
guy on the lOSing team gets pissed 
because one guy keeps scoring off him, 
he thinks , 'I don't care : and WHAM!-
he punches his opponent." 

Which is exactly what happened to 
Triton Joe Wade in the game against 
Mesa Commumty College. "Joe kept 
scoring, and we were ahead 10-6 ," said 
Harper. ''The guy hauled off and hit Joe 
in the face during the last two seconds 
of the game. It was defInItely not an 
intelligent move ." Wade needed to have 
stitches in his mouth and was unable to 
compete in the Nor Cal Tournament in 
Berkeley. 

When Wade was hit, the feeling 
among his teammates on the bench was 
that they should go out there and 
pound heads. But cooler heads 

prevaIled . -Ii just wouldn't have been a 
class thing 10 do," saId Harper. 

Unfonunate\y, sometimes players 
cannot be controlled in the heat of the 
game. In what was the mOSt famous 
water polo match of aD time , the w~ter 
literally became red with blood . It was in 
the 1956 Olympic Games in Melbourne, 
Australia, and the game was for the gold 
medal between the Soviet Union and 
Hungary. On the previous day, Soviet 
troops had invaded Hungary, and the 
Hungarian team was inspired towards 
VICtory at all costs. There was fighting 
on the decks, in the water, everywhere. 
The next day every newspaper carried a 
from-page picrure of a Hungarian player 
who had blood pouring down his face . 
When the bloodbath had ended, the 
Hungarians had won the game . 

Naturally, not all games are as violent 
as the USSR-Hungary match, but In one 
of the most phYSical SPOrtS, participants 
can expect some paIn to be involved. "A 
lot of people think that JUSt because the 
game is m the water it's a recreational 
sport," lament'!d Harper. "They expect 
to see beach balls and fins . They don 't 
see what goes on below the water. My 
guys are in great sh~pe , though , and " 
usually can take blows to the abdomen . 

Water polo is pnmarily a game of 
positloning. Both teams ale always 

UCSD couldn't Bear Cal 

on the board almost immediately to take 
a quick 1-0 lead, but Tom Moore tied it 
up only seconds later with his first of 
four goals. The Bears, however, were not 
to be denied their offensive punch. By 
the end of the first quarter, Cal had 
scored three more goals (the final one at 
the buzzer) to take a 4-1 lead. 

By halftime, Berkeley had increased 
the lead to 7-2, and after three periods 
the Tritons found themselves trailing 12-
4. The game was out of reach by this 
time, but Harper got fourth-period goals 
from Moore , Phil Pettis, Tom Schatz and 
Ray Haywood to make the score 
respectable. 

"[ was really happy with the way we 
played, especiany in that founh quarter," 

said Harper. "We were successful in our 
man-up situations (four for six), and we 
got an ourstanding game from Tom 
Moore and Phil Pettis ." Duncan Millar 
also played brilliantly as goalie, keeping 
the Tritons in the game with 16 saves. 

The-Tritons play host to UC Riverside 
and USC next weekend, but Harper 
thinks the really big game wiu come 
October 28 against UC Santa Barbara. 
"We've never beaten Santa Barbara, but 
if we can get a really vocal crowd lite 
we had here against Cal, it could n~aDy 
make a difference." 

So 100 could another inspiring 
performance against another tough 
opponent. ~ 

Denny Harper: People who don 'I understand water polo "expect to su btach baas and fins ." 

trying to get players into offensive or 
defensive positions , and to succeed 
involves good, aggressIve play. Harper 
encourages his players to be aggressive, 
but draws the line at fighting. Naturally, 
there is a lot of grabbing and shoving in 
a game. The unlimited fouling rule 
allows for guys like hole-setter Dana 
Gretssen to be tackled, literally. Facial 
cuts and bruises are the most common 
water polo injuries , but the water hides 
the injuries inflicted by a cheap blow to 
the "private areas." 

"The thing with water polo is that it's 
the second hit the referees see ," 
commented Harper. "One guy WIll be 

mad, look around, and hit his 
opponent. The other guy will react by 
hitting also, and it's that hit the referees 
will see." That serves to get the second 
player ejected from the game under the 
Brutality Rule , while the first player- the 
aggressor-swims away. 

Of course, if both tearns have a 
bench-clearing brawl , there's very litde 
tJ:1e referees can do except to call the 
game. "When 25 guys fight , there's not 
much you can do," pointed out Harper, 
who is quick to add that in his four 
years at UCSD there have been no 
major brawls. -It's JUSt at this level of 
play, everything is so intense." ~ 

MOil/jay. Del 15, 1984 17 

.... ~ ... .. m .... - .... .v 

Voila! Apples and wine on a rope 
By KATHY O'DELL 

How would you like to spend a day al 
Julian among the verdant evergreens, 
sipping ice cold apple cider and 
devouring freshly-baked homemade 
apple pies a La mode? Or would you 
rather spend a lazy fall day al San 
Diego's own North COUnty Vineyards 
sampling the fruits of the vine? Both of 
these trips and others are available to 
the UCSD community through the office 
of Campus Recreation (OCR). The name 
of this new, fun-filled program? Day At, 
of course. Each quarter, OCR offers 
between four to six one-day field trips 
to a variety of locales in and around San 
Diego County - the zoo, Sea World, 
theaters, shopping malls and many 
others. For a smaD fee. OCR provides 
transportation and often lunch as well 
as the opportunity for UCSD students, 
staff and faculty and their friends and 
families to visit all parts of San Diego 
County in the most convenient manner 
possible . 

This quarter join the fun-lOVing gang 
of OCR and spend a day at ... 

eJulian Apple Festival (Sunday October 
28, W:ooam-5:00pm, $1l.00) 
Apples, apples, and more apples. Every 
year in celebration of the harvest (apple, 
naturally), the small, quaint town of 
Julian comes alive with craft shows, 
country music, and all types of apples 
- pies, ciders, juices - yum! OCR will 
provide participants with transportation 

Sports Slab 
Monday, Oct. 15 -

Women's soccer at CSU LDng 
Beach, 3:30 pm 
Men's soccer vs. Chapman 
College at Muir Field. 7 pm 

Wednesday, Oct. 17 -
Men's soccer vs. Southern 
California College at Warren 
Field, 3 pm 
Women's volleyball at CSU 
Nonhridge, 7:30 pm 

Friday, Oct. 19 -
Men's water polo vs . UC 
Riverside at Canyonview 
Center. 3:30 pm 

and an old-fashioned picnic, but you 
must bring your appetite. 

eTouring Wineries (Saturday. November 
3, LD:OOam-4:00pm, $10 .00) 
From apples to grapes, orchards to 
vineyards. OCR takes you from the east 
to North County to sample the fruits of 
Bacchus. North County is the home of 
several local wineries - San Pasqual, 
Bernardo. Deer Park, and Ferrara -
each of which specializes in its own 
particular types of wine and champagne. 
This Day At will not make you a wine 
connoisseur, but it will help. A delicious 
lunch or cheese, fruit, and French Bread 
will be provided. 
eRopes Course (Saturday. November 17, 
8:30am-4:30pm, $55.00) 
What's a rope course? To those 
unfamiliar with the techniques of 
Outward Bound and other outing 
groups, a ropes course sounds like a 
class that discusses different types of 
ropes. But it is not. Rather it is an 
action-oriented "experience" geared to 
mentally challenge individuals and force 
them to rediscover their own personal 
resources, Trained personnel will lead 
UCSD members through a series of 
specialized games and elements in the 
hope that participants wiu realize how 
deep their courage and mental strength 
really are . Lunch. will be provided. 

eShopping Spree at Seaport Village 
(Sunday, November 18, LO:OOamApm, 
$6.00) . 
Do you want to avoid the last minute 
Christmas gift hunting stampede? Then 
join this Day At San Diego's premier 
shopping mall. Seapon Village boasrs 
many unique and unusual shops as well 
as its great harborside location. OCR 
will provide a vehicle large enough to 
hold all your treasures and will allow 
you to not be concerned with finding 
the impossible - a parking space! For 
those who have never been to Seapon 
Village this Day At is a must. 

• • • Remember - sometime during this 
quarter take your friends and family and 
spend a day at someplace that is not on 
UCSD's campus. San Diego hosts a wide 
variety of attractions that are truly worth 
taking the time to visit. For more details 
call 452-4037 or stop by at OCR's 
Canyonview offices on Warren campus. 

AlTENTlON: 

EE/CS/ME Majors 
HEWLETT PACKARD, 

the Industrial leader In measurement and 
compurorlon systems will be holding on 

OPEN HOUSE. 
Monday, October 15, at the UCSD 

International Center. 

HP engineers will be on hand to answer 
questions and to display and demonsrrate HP 

equipment. 

f\efreshmenrs will be seNed.1n addition, there 
will be a free drawing for an HP-41 C 

acMlnced scientific calculator, 

~il 
'VY'IoMlYilM by tX:SO Career SeMc2s Cenfef. 

( 

SCIENCE AND 
ENGINEERING 

MAJORS: 
TAKE OUT 

INSURANCE NOW 
How about an "Insurance" policy that your science Of ~ng 

de!Jee wID really be used" It would be nice. Especially considering the 
work you put Into such a de!Jee. 

n.. Air FaKe will use your talents. We haw openings fOf young 
men and women majoring in selected science and engtneerIng 
academic fields .. . like Aeronautical. Aerospace, General and Elec· 
!rical E .. g' ..... i'!l< Mathematics. Physics and ~ter Technology. 
""8ne ~ ':';et Into these=ng& is ~ Air Force ROTC. Our 
AFROTC scholarship can /inenclally so you can concentrate 
on getling your degoee. TC Is a !JUt opportunity to help 
yourself tIlroIq1 college. and the Air Force Is a !JUt opportunity 10 
really use what you leIm. 

Look Into the Air Force ROTC JlfO!J'artI at your .,.... •. It'. good 
wuurance. 

Call AFROTC at SDSU 
265·5545 

Got.way to 0 9,_t woy of lif •. 



'. 

t· 

" . 

HWe've got our eye on you:' 

We 're one of the nation's oldest and largestfraternities. 
We believe in academic excellence, campus 
involvement, brotherhood, community service, 
intramural achievement and innovative social life. 
Being part of us means learning to be a leader ... 
but most of all, being part of us means 
making friends for life. 
Who are we? 

We're Sigma Nu Fraternity ... 
one of the nation's very best. 

If you are interested in starting a new chapter at UCSD, 
then stop by Sigma Nu Fraternity's table this week at 
Revelle Quad and Muir Residence Hall Quad, 
10 A.M.-2 P.M. All week long. 

For more information, call 452-3900. 

Sigma Nu Fraternity ... 
the NU kid on the block. 

1984 AU-CAL WINTER CARNIVAL 

Ski Vail 's world class mountain Dec. 14·21 with skiers from 
UCSB. UCR. UCI & UCLA ski clubs. Dance, costume contest, 
jacuzzi parties, Thumper T oumament and awards ceremony 
are planned. Also: two races, one Naster-format and an obstacle 
race . For skiing, there's no comparison to Vail. 1 gondola, 3 
triple chairlifts, & 13 double chairlifts service 10 square miles of 
30% beginner, 40% intermediate, & 30% expert terrain. Runs of 
powder, packed powder, & well groomed fun that will fit every 
skier's ability. Nightlife? If you feel like leaving your deluxe 
accomodations, Vail has a multitude of restaurants & bars to 
suit every taste & budget. <And. don 't forget UCSD's traditional 
RISC Kamikaze Party!) 

4 packages: $299 round-trip Bus & Condo 
$279 round·trip Bus & Hotel 
$440 round-trip Air & Condo 
$219 Condo 

All include 5 nights lodging, 5-day lift ticket, 
T-shirt & events. 

Sign-up: Oct. 15- Nov. 16 
$10 Ski Club Membership required 
Call 452-4037 for sign-up details 

LOOK ~Vail~ bDKA 
SPORTS AMERICA TOURS 

THE FUTURECOPV PLACE 
WELCOMES BACK 

STUDENTS a FACULTY 

4 1/z( 
Self Service Copies 

Mon. - Thurs. I am - a pm 
Frl. I am - 6 pm 

Sat. 10 am - 5 pm 
Sun. 12 noon . 5 pm 

a 7-3775 
1155 Villa La Jolla Dr. 

(Near Ralphl a 5aY-On) 

IdnIIrs 
THE RJTURECOPV PlACE 

Advertise in .... 

The 
Guardian 

UC SAN DIEGO'S 
SPEAKERS' FORUM 

presents 
AN EVENING WITH 

Legendary Dancer/Choreographer 

AGNES DE MILLE 
A lecture with film, cooering Miss de Mate's career as 

well as the state of the art today, 
• 

October 26, Friday, 8:00 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 

G.A. $8.00, UCSD St. $5.00 
UCSD Fac/Staff &. Sr. Citizens $7.00 

TltMiTN!N" {i)T£L£TI\ON ~ 
~ ____ UCSD Box Office, 452-4559 ____ ...... 

Reality hits hard ••• 
Be prepared for the transition to the "~I world" with 
the help of the AS. Internship Office! We arrange 
Internships to help you: 

* gain profculonel· ..... WOlle experience 
* explore. cIMtt Ql'Cer .,.11 
* enhlnee pol"' •• ~nt prospects 
* Improve your resume MId references 

Winter Quarter Internships 
close Friday, October 19th! 

APPLY TODAYII 
For more InforrnetIon, call <452-4689, or stop by our oftlce 

ebovc the GIme Room In the Student Center. 

Monday, Oct. 15. 1984 19 

~~~v::=:, .. :==ONS 
8fId "'n Mlvlce front communlalllonl prole ......... 

Women and ~ interested in all ar~as of communications are ~Icome. 
First guest speaker: AttdJ "..d.n ..... ,President of the PR firm Andrew 

Frjeden~rg and Assodatrs and Director of the Ci~ma Saciet)t of·san Diego. 
Topic, The PromoCIOn of MotIon PIctures. 

o.te. Thursda , Oct. 18 11 ..... 5:00 ...... MeC. 124 

Advertise in .... 

Th. 
Guardian 

••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

COpy f 
COVE LJoIIa 

• * QUALITY XEROX COPIES : * TYPESETTING/GRAPHICS 
: *QUALITY OFFSET PRINTING : * FULL COLOR XEROX COPIES 
• 

• *8USINESS CARDS *COLLATING 
*ENLARGEMENTS * LAMINATING 
* REDUCTIONS * BINDING 
* ADDRESS LABELS * FOLDING 
*TRANSPARENCIES *CUTIING 
*NCR FORMS * PADDING 
*ENVELOPES * DRILLING 

ONE STOP PRINTING CENTER 
OPEN: men-In 7<lO to 6.00 sat 9:00 to 5:00 • 

• 
• • 

: 456-Z444 : 
• • 
: 701 .... rl SI La Jolla : 
: (comer of DIaper • P8ar1) : 
• • 
: 10% Student Discount with this ad : 
• • 
.................................... 

••• 

You can make big money at the .-- TGI Friday's 
ResIaurant in the La Jolla Village Square. 

All positions open. Intervifi's fCW being held. 
Mon..fri. ' • .m.·5 p.m. s.t. 9 a.m.·'i p.m. 

La Jolla Village 1m. 
3299 Holiday Court 

LaJolla. CA 
(619) 458-9588 

AND WE'RE HIRING 
150 PEOPLE IN TIE 

NEXT THREE WEEKS." 

Friday's. A career 
of a different stripe. 

An equal ~ ampIoyet, MIf. 



• 

20 Monday, 0(1. 15, 1984 

ClassIfied advertIsIng space Is sold In 
l00-character Increments. Each 
letter, pu'1ctuat1on mark and space 
between words Is consIdered a 
character. wIth capItal letters 
ccuttlng as two characters. The rate 
Is 51 per 100 characters for students 
and 53 per 100 characters for non-
s1Udents. You must come by the o,"ce 
or mall In your ad. as we requIre 
pa)tI'IeI1t In advance of publIcation. 
DelldHnes are 5 pm Tuesct.y for 
Thursday's ~per. 5 pm Friday for 
Monday's .paper. For more 
Information call 452-3466. The 
Guardian, UcSO. 8-016. La Jolla. CA 
92093. 

S360 \Neekly /up mailing drcularsl No 
bosses/quotasr Sincerely interested rush 
self-addressed envelope : Division 
Headquarters, Box 464CFW, 
Woodstock, IL 6009S. /10/22) 

Daughters of lesbian mothers needed 
for study. Only small amount of your 
time needed. Please helpl Call Julie 
Schwartz 459-2100. IIO/IS} 

Insurance Warl We'll beat any price or 
VIle don't want your business. Tickets, 
acc i dents , sports cars, good 
driver/student discounts: all welcome. 
Call 2S6-1135. Request UCSD Plan. 
/11/29) 

Menstrual distre$s? Abdominal pain, 
cramps, nausea, headaches, etc. 
Participants are needed for a study 
conducted by Planned Parenthood. 231-
IS760/4S1-6ISI. /lO/IS) 

::nhance employment prospects with an 
4,SIO internship I Winter Quarter 
jealine: 10/19. For more info, stop by the 
4,SIO Ofc. in the Student Center aoove 
the Game Room. Open M-F, 9-3.110/1 S) 

Want to leam aoout UCSD's Student 
Services and get paid for it? Become a 
Reg Fee Intern. See Job Board No. 1205 
for more info. 11O/IS} 

American Inst. Aeronautics Astronautics 
kick-off meeting 5 pm October 17 
UH7104. Illustrated talk on Space 
Industrialization-An Artist's · View by 
Dennis Davidson. All welcome. Call 
4903 for membership info. /lO/IS} 

What? \XIhat/7 No wayl ¢*S*I, that is 
impossible. Vail, nah. Couldn't bel Free? 
You 're joking. Car Rally 9/26. Wowll 
Sign up at Canyonview for SS per car. 
Tues., Wed., Thurs . 1(}2. 110/15) 

Study Abroad and eam UC creditl 
. Finandal aid available: call x3730 for 

infol Important meeting Tues. Oct. 16 7 
pm International Center Lounge 
Ix3730}. IIO/IS} 

Have u considered studying abroad? 
Important info session 4 all Education 
Abroad applicants I Tues. Oct. 16, 
International Center Lounge, 7 pm. 
/10/15) 

Pizza Meeting I Meet foreign exchange 
students from all 4 comers of the \NOrld I 
We'll provide the crust, bring your own 
topping. Intemational Center, Wed. 
Oct. 10 5:30 pm. Everyone Vllelcomel 
110/15) 

Predental Club meeting is Wednesday 
Oct. 17 at the R~IIe InformalLDunge at 
4. Mark Hunt from UCLA School of 

Dentistry. He will speak on the denture 
course that he is going to teach starting 
Oct.20·110/IS} 

The revival of economics and 
management science student 
assodation (EMSY't)I 8e at North 
Conference Room Thurs. 10/IS at 5:30. 
/lO/IS) 

Tax Shelter: Give your parents an ~n 
bigger write-off & yourself a place to live. 
La Jolla Village Tennis Club condo 
professionally decorated and priced 
below market S139,Soo with 1700 sq. 
ft., call Unda, agent 459-0501/454-4110. 
IIO/IS) 

leam to create appetizing appetizers I 
Sat. Oct. 20. Details at OCR x4037. 
/lO/IS} 

mmmml Mushroom turnovers I Sat. Oct. 
20. Details at Campus Recreation. 
IIO/IS} 

\XIhere's the Boss? Springsteen in LA 
10/25-11/4. Excellent tickets available. 
Call 457-ISI4. 11O/IS! 

Tax Shelter: Give your parents an ~n 
bigger write-off & yourself a place to live. 
La Jolla Village Tennis Club condo 
professionally decorated and priced 
below market S139,5oo with I 700 sq. ft. 
Call Linda 459-0501. IIO/IS} 

TGIFI All the beer you dare drink-freel 
Friday at the Rodeo, S-S pm, S3 CCNer 
UCSD students only. 110/15) 

iDillBHWltD 
'66 Ford L TO-runs excellent. very 
clean, good MPG, great transporta-
tion-SSoo. 453-0146 Martin. IIO/IS) 

Clothes by Polo, Southwick, etc. for men. 
Ralph Lauren, Ann Klein etc. for \NOmen. 
Slightly used and new. Private. Call 459-
5232. 110/15) 

Black and White 16" TV. Excellent 
condition. A ste,;ll at 5SS. Call Amy 458-
94S0. /lO/IS) 

Bruce Springsteen tickets for sale. Leave 
message on answering machine~S5-
IS7S. /10/15) 

Full wetsuit, super warm O'Neill animal 
skin. Sest offer. Med. Marc 452-0395. 
/I0/IS} 

Vespa 200. Brand new, 290 miles only, 
white, black seat. accessories. S1300. 
456-2444, 271-671S. (10/15) 

Motobecane S05-oought for SSoo; 
needs a little repair \NOrk-price 
negotiable. Call Deonne I~nings best} 
454-2605. IIO/IS} 

tffHmmlllll1i 
Wanted: Hard-working career-oriented 
intems. Opportunities for all majors I 
Stop by the ASIO Ofc., 2nd floor of 
Student Center above the Game Room 
or call 452-4689. Open M-F, 9-3. Apply 
by 10/191 /I0/IS) 

Wanted: Energetic and enterprising 
persons IMlO are interested in \M)rking 
in sales. A fast-growing company needs 
salespersons to sell "a product whose 

time has come." No experience 
necessary. For more information call 
297-0655. (10/15) 

Wanted: Subjects to partidpate in 
perception experiments. Pay is S5/ hour. 
Call Richard Batch at the Salk Instirute, 
453-4100 ext. 54S, between 11:00 and 
3:00 M-F. (10/181 

Helpl Tutor needed for amesizia. Student 
currently taking class OK. Call Karen or 
Laurie 450-3265. (IO/IS) 

Wanted: Female roomate to occupy 
single room in condo near LJ. Village Sq. 

R~t S260 plus 1/4 utilities beginning 
10/27. Call 45(}144S. IIO/ISI 

Hey good looking I Model wanted for 
fashion artist. Must be 5'S" or more, 
striking face, large frame, but skinny-
broad shoulders. lDng legs~ust have 
free time during day-2 70-2090 after 10 
am. 110/151 

Math Tutor: Good English. Can 
articulate concepts. For 20A/gen. calc. 
SS/hr. Katharine 4S(}3226. (10/151 

RtlHBl1 
Need: lmestigative types for researching 
UCSD Student Services. Excellent 
\M)rking hours and pay. Reg. Fee Intem, 
Job No. 1205. (10/15) 

Dear John: Did you know that you can 
earn UC credit during your year's study 
abroad in England? There's also financial 
aid available. \XIhy don't you call the 
Intemational Center Ix37301 for more 
info. 110/15) 

The Annual Revelle Slave Sale. Buy your 
RA for cheap. R~IIe Caf. 4:3(}6 Oct. 17. 
/lO/IS} 

Laura "Hard to find" Thompson-\XIhere 
the heck are you? Give Motown Nate a 
call at 566- 7003 before he goes blind . 
Leave your number if he's not there. See 
ya. /lO/IS} 

Revelle RAS. All \NOrk and all play Oct. 17 
4:3(}6 in the Rev. Ca. IIO/IS} 

KT how aoout some egg margueritas. I 
miss your presence around the house, 
Love your long lost Roomie. /10/151 

Hey Queen of the cuI de sac, do you 
know where your sceptre is? Hmm? 
Love the Duchess of Celibacy. /10/15) 

Hey Jenn & 8eans-Tomorrow makes a 
month & I just want u to no how wiggin 
u r. Roommates couldn't be better I 
Here's z a year of samlp)sons ensemble I 
Toujours, ALB. /l0/15} 

Uu-Happy Bdayl How's it feel to be 1/5 
of a century old? Just teaSing. School's a 
bummer, but try and have fun on your 
day. Love-H. 110/15) 

The Boss is Back I Great Springsteen seats 
for all nights. Call 4S7-ISI4. IIO/IS) 

Pam, yehl I'm really a set up dud. For 299 
bones, I have a vveeks \NOrth of partying, 
5 days skiing, 5 nights in a luxurious 
condo, and my transpo paid for. Good 
luck in rally. See you on the slopes. Rick 
/lO/IS} 

Hey, Rick!. Incredible I Incredible" I 
\M)udn't have ~i~ anyone could do 

thatl Espedally with that many people 
and for that c~apl ... I SOO stude1ts ... 
Vail ... under S299 ... All Cal '84. What a 
deall Thanks, Pam. P.s. Maybe I will try 
and win a trip in the car rally on 9/26. 
(10/15) 

HaPJ1i 21st to 2 lucky ladies-Stacey & 
Megan. It's been 4 great years. We all 
love you. Hugs-"TIle Gang." (10/15) 

Info conceming sIDlen 67 Classic \NI 
bug. CA lie. 332-VOG. Color was tan 
and had wink nirror. Stolen Fri. Oct. 5, 
off of Nobel Dr. in La Jolla. Fantastic 
reward for any avail. info. Carolyn 457-
35S3.(10/221 

Lost L.aclies gold Omega wristwatch. If 
found, please caN Farzan: 450-0724. 
Sentimental value. (10/151 

Found: HP 12C calculaator. Thur. 10/11 in 
Peterson Hall. Call Doug at 4S3-3848 for 
details. IIO/ISI 

Four 1<1: Mom's home cooking at Campus 
Rec's appetizer \NOrkshop 10/20 x4037 
for details. (10/151 

EXPERT Typing. Also cassettes & 
computerized IM>rk. Spelling free. We 
carel Sandy, 459-5818. (10/18) 

Top Drawer Secretarial Word 
Processing. Reports, resumes, 
manuscripts. Student . rate. Diane 481-
4160. (11/29) 

Models. Former UCSD Guardian Photo 
Editor /UCSD Calendar Photographer 
now procludng higtHluality, low-cost 
modeling portfolios. Color or B&W. Call 
Rich Pec;iak. 695-S714 for appointment. 
110/29) 

Star Words Typing & Word Processing, 
95S0 Blk. Mtn. Rd. ST-G. Student papers. 
Thesis. 578-4041. 110/15} 

Pregnant? Troubled? Explore the 
alternatives to abortion. Free 
professional counseling and services 
available. San Diego Pro-Ute League 24 
hour hotline: 5S3-5433, 941-1515. 
IIO/IS} 

Cars for rent. SIS per day, SS5 per month. 
Del Mar 755-3201. (lO/ISI 

Computerized typingj\Nord processing . 
Term papers, reports, theses, etc. Fast & 
dependable. 4SI-0268. (10/151 

Burke Secretarial--auality typing I IS 
years experience-Rush JObs 
specialty/flexible hours. La Jolla 457-
3842. (10/15) 

Word processing special. Papers, 
resumes, etc. Fast, print quality. 
ALF AB.I. T.S. 454-862S. 110/18) 

Chern tutor, genl or organic -exchange 
for conversational Russian or Mandarin 
Chinese or Elem. M\Jsic Theory. 272-
1398. (10/18) 

Prob: Tired of dorm food soln: Appetizer 
\M)rkshop on 10/20 Sat. call x4037 for 
info. 110/151 


