
The Work of John Hoagland 
courtesy of the 

New Indicator Collective 

The Price of War 
John Hoagland 

. 1947-1984 
A UCSD graduate and Newsweek 

photojournalist in Central America, 
Hoagland was killed in El Salvador on 

March 16. See story, page 7. 

. 

I 

; 
, 

~ 

, 



"Archaeological Digs of Anifacts lrom 
Bancroft Ranch in pring Valley" IS the 
focus of a Museum of Man presentation 
four aturdays, April lof, April 28, May 5 
and May 12 from \) am [0 noon 
Students have dug the artifacts from the 
Ranch In past classes, but now, for the 
first time, they will examine the findings 
and formulate theories about their past. 
Project dlf"ecror and museum curator Dr. 
Alana Cordy-Collins Will teach the 
classes - including artifact processing, 
catalogmg and re ording. For more 
Information, call 239-200l. 

o 
'100 Search ClUb" panicipants often 

make comments like "It really gOl me 
started and gave me direction," referring 
to the club. Since many participants 
shared this enthUSiasm, UCSD Career 
Planning and Placement will offer the 
Job Search Club again . The three-week 
program takes place in early summer 
and includes a heavy emphaSiS upon 
making personal contacts Program 
details are available In the CP&P 
quarterly flyer under the title of "Spring 
peclal Events ." 

o 
Elliott Memorial Lecture Will present 

BritISh novelist Ins Murdoch April 19 at 
8 pm In Peterson Hall , Murdoch , 
conSidered one of the half-dozen most 
distinguished livmg English novelists , IS 
also Widely known as a philosophical 
essayist, dramatist and poet. The Elliott 
MemOrial Lecture senes is presented in 
honor of Roben C. Ellion, one of the 
founders of the UCSD Department of 
Literature. 

o 
Good Housdr~tping magazine has 

selected three faculty members and the 
dean of the UCSD School of Medicine 
as among the 120 best doctors In 
America. The selecnon came from a 
survey of more than 400 department 
chairs and clinical program directors at 
87 medical schools. UCSD recipients 
named were: Roben Petersdorf, MD; 
Samuel Rapaport, MD; Samuel Yen, MD; 

1968 .. , 
Sixteen UCSD students will be 

studying next year on campuses In 
Europe and Asia. They will be the third 
group from San Diego sponsored by the 
UOlverslty's Education Abroad Program , 
now In its seventh year of operation. 
The selection committee does not 
conSider students ' polmal Views, nor IS 
It looking for the "all·Amencan boy or 
girl." 
1969 ... 

The AFL-CIO has announced today 
thaI the arconcs DIVISion of the San 
Diego Police Department IS formmg a 
Local-THC at UCSD due to Increased 
interest from various right-Wing moralist 
groups on cam pus. 
1970,., 

Brandishing a stack of hts "religiously 
read radical literature" and employing 
the use of an overhead proJector, Dr. 
Fred Schwarz , head of the Christian 
Anti-Communism Crusade, made his 
much-rublicized appearance fnday as a 
parr 0 lhe UC Extension series on 
conservatism In Amenca. 
1971... 

A San Diego Evening Tnbune opinIOn 

dnd Nathan Zvait1er, MD. 
o 

Shiatsu Massage will bl: the locus 01 a 
two-dJY class ,ll UC ·D. It IS the Idst 
chance lor student~ to \l'ork II'lth G,IIY 
Korff, II'ho has t'lUght Shiatsu here at 
UCSD smce 1982, before he tlep,lIts 
Irom Sdn Diego. 'hiJtsu massage IS the 
orientdl lorm 01 ma~sage Incorpuratlng 
deep muscle massage In combination 
With vanous aCl:upressure points, For 
further information un dd[e~ and times 
uf classes, call -+52-4037. 

o 
Chronic diarrhea patients are needed 

to participate in a UCSD Medical Center 
study testing the effects of a new non-
narcotic drug. During the course of the 
10-week study, patients visit the Medical 
Center once a week and are treated 
with Iidamidine. Porential participants 
must be berween the ages of L8 and 65 
and must not be receiving treatment for 
high blood pressure . For mformation on 
the study, call 294-6837. 

o 
"Computer Graphics '84," to be held 

at the Anaheim Convention Center May 
13-L7, IS seeking volunteers to answer 
phones, asSISt registrants, monitor 
seSSIOns, deliver messages and do light 
clerical work, Volunteers are given 
valuable exposure to the field of 
computer graphics through benefits 
such as free registration for tutorials or 
technical sessions and admiSSIOn to the 
exhibition. For more information, call 
(703) 698-9600. 

o 
"Progress in Civil Ri8/lts: A Myth?" 

will be the subject of renowned Civil 
nghtS attorney Charles Gar!)' on Friday, 
March 23 al 5 pm at the Western State 
Umversity College of Law, Garry will 
review his experiences with Jurors' racial 
bias from the 1960s through the 1980s. 
He will also comment on the proposals 
in California 10 limit I'oir dire (personal 
background) questioning of Jurors. For 
more information, call 297-9700. 

poll solici ting faculty comments about 
Third College has attracted criticism 
from Acting Chancellor Herbert York, 
who said that he was supposed to have 
received the questionnaire York said 
that he was not consulted about the 
survey and felt that some of the 
questions were negatively worded. 
1972. .. 

The PE Depanment is IntrodUCing a 
large vanety of new activity classes for 
the coming quaner, particul~rly in 
modem dance . ThiS class will be 
experlmentmg with body movements by 
way of exploration of space, time and 
energy in hopes of creating an 
IOdividual manner of sell-expression 
and commUnication. 
1973.,. 

"France IS JUSt a colony of the United 
States, and, since France IS the colony, 
as laves, we were interested In looking 
at the master's house - lhe, people here 
look like panicles in a wave of money: 
said Visi ting filmmaker Jean-Luc Goddrd 
10 a dialogue that lOok place Tuesday 
evening In the Revelle Cafetena. 
1974 ... 

Meetmg ye~tcrday afternoon, the 

The AS Forum will return next issue in its regular slot 

Humanities Institute 
receives NEH grant 

The UCSD Humanities Institute, 
designed to help teachers improve the 
reading, writing and cmical thinking 
skills of college-bound high school 
students, has received a $400,000 
National Endowment for the Humanities 
(NEH) grant to fund it through 1986. 

According to Mary Walshok, dean of 
UCSD Extension, the NEH funding for 
three years now totals $634,639. NEH 
previously granted the school $234,639 
to conduct the first institute, beginning 
this June. 

Fifty San Diego City and County high 
school teachers wiD be selected each 
year to panicipate in a year-long 
program which begins in the summeL 
with five weeks of intensive literature 
and philosophy study. 

Institute director Ron Berman, a 
UCSD professor of literature, said the 
program will develop a core of teachers 
with the training and motivation to 
make significant changes in the high 
school curriculum. 

"Right now, we badly need more 
instruction In Miting, critical thinking 
and grammar in high school," Berman 
saId, "Students need to write an awful 
lot better than they do now! By workmg 
with teachers, we hope to improve 
student performance." 

For the 1984-85 summer program, 
which begins in June, participants will 
anend daily seminars and discussion on 
works by authors including Kafka, Plato, 
Voltaire, Orwell, Shakespeare, Swift and 
Freud. 

Tucher.; will trace L~e continuity 
throughout history of some basic human 
conceITIS, as well as demonstrate the 
great variety of answers to the same 
fundamental questions . 

They will be expected to visit the 
University library frequently and Mite 
two five-page papers during the summer 
program. Each participant will receive a 
$1,000 stipend for taking the course. 

The teachers will return to the UCSD 
campus several times during the school 
year for lecture by nationally-known 
scholars. Those lectures will be open to 
the public. 

Berman said there will be periodic 
follow-ups with the teacher.; to assess 
the institute's impact. The program is 
being administered through UCSD 

UCSD Communications Board approved 
chairman Michael Weiss' motion that 
the board's recommendations 
concerning the controverSial April 2 
Issue of the Tnlon Times be submitted to 
the Chancellor for firull decision . The 
motion calls for the dismissal of Tnton 
Tllnes edltor-in-chief David Buchbinder 
and four other staff members for their 
contributions to the Apnl Fool's issue. 

1976 ... 
Pulitzer prize-winmng Journalist 

David Halberstam, author of "The BeSt 
anti the Brightest: will speak tomorrow 
in the MandeviUe Audltonum. In hiS 
book, Halberstam documented how 
milita!), and CIA advisors misled the 
ciVilian directors of the Indochina War, 
Halberstam will discuss Watergate , the 
growth of presidential power and the 
relationship berween government and 
the media. 

1977 ... 
The controversial Recreation Center 

Complex will once again be presented 
to the students, although in a form 
highly altered from the proposal voted 
down in last quarter's referendum. The 
"count!)' clun" fonnat , which students 
strongly objected to , has been 
eliminated, as has the golf wurse 

Extension, which will pubhsh the study 
materials at the end of the three-year 
penod in a book to be used as a model 
for other school distncts, he said. 

Berman estimated an average of two 
to three teachers from each of the city's 
and county's schools will ultimately 
participate in the inaugural program are 
San Diego Unified, Oceanside Unified, 
Vista Unified, Escondido Union High 
School, Poway Unified, Ramona Unified , 
Coronado Unified and Sweetwater 
Union High School. 

The institute has been enthUSiastically 
endorsed by local educator.;, including 
UCSD Chancellor Richard Atkinson. 

"This program holds the promise for 
better preparing San Diego's high school 
students for university education, and 
will permit colleges and universities to 
reducD resources devoted tQ remedial 
classes," he said. 

Tom Payzant, superintendent of San 
Diego City Schools, said high school 
instruction 10 the humanities has 
suffered in recent years for a number of 
reasons, including dwindling resources. 

"By proViding high school teacher.; 
the opponunity to panicipate in this 
intensive, year-long training, the 

,institute wiD unquestionably result in 
significant improvements in our 
instructional programs for students: he 
said . 

Mary Walshok, UCSD Extension 
dean, said the cooperation between the 
University and high school districts has 
bfen impress~ve. 

Walshok commented, ·One of the 
most exciting aspects of this effon is the 
collaboration berween the public schools 
and UCSD in the development of the 
curriculum, the identification of eligible 
teachers and the follow-up activities. 

"In addition. the generous funding 
from NEH will allow groups of teachers 
from every high school in San Diego 

Co~ry" to panicipate over the three-year 
penod , . 

UCSD faculty members scheduled to 
work with the teachers through the first 
summer session are Sennan; Robert 
Pippin, associate professor of 
philosophy; Jonathan Saville, associate 
professor of drama; and Avrum Stroll, 
professor of philosophy. 

1978 ... 
An attorney for UCSD basketball 

player Peter Volk says he will file 
criminal charges of assault and battery 
against an Azusa Pacific College player, 
his coach and the school as a result of a 
punch thrown during a conference 
game. Volk received ten stitches above 
the right eye and along his nose and a 
fractured right cheekbone from the 
inCident 
1979, .. 

Nuclear power was verbally attacked 
from all sides at a noon rally co-
sponsored by the AsSOCiated Students 
and CaIPIRG Fnday in front of the gym. 
Speakers addressed the issue from 
several perspectives Including 
environmental, health and economic 
aspects. 
1980 .. , 

Kurt Campbell, a UCSD senior who 
once played on the Soviet National 
Tennis Team and studied at the 
University of Erevan In Soviet Armenia, 
has been named winner 01 a Marshall 
Scholarship for two years study at 
Oxford University. The MUir student is 
the first here in five years to receive the 
scholarship given to selected American 
students by the British government. 

- Ch~pherCanmc 

Clark to speak at 
SBPC-protested 
Gardner inauguration 
By SHARON SOGOMIAN 

Linda Clark, UCSD undergraduate 
representative to the Student Body 
Presidents' Council, will lead the 
mauguration of UC President David 
Gardner this Thursday. The ceremony, 
which Will take place at UCLA, has 
caused some conflict within the SBPC. 

Not only do some members object to 
the great expense of the inauguration 
(approximately $50,0(0), but many are 
upset over the way in which Clark was 
chosen as speaker. These people will 
boycott the ceremony because of their 
negative feelings. Clark said, "We 
couldn't agree among ourselves on 
whether we should all boycott, with the 
exception of myself, or not. 1 assume 
when you boycott you have an audience 
that you plan to get your point across 
to, But we could never agree upon who 
was the audience. 50 we decided upon 
a press release." 

The SBPC feels especially slighted in 
that they were not consulted on the 
choice of a student speaker, "The main 
complaint is that the process by which 1 
was chosen excluded SBPC: Clark 
states. "Essentially, Systemwide came 
and told the Council. 'Hi , we've chosen 
so and so.' When Systemwide called to 
tell me formally, they said they had 
conferred With SBPC, which means that, 
in their opinion, their coming and 
telling SBPC that they've chosen me 
is their idea of conferring. It's not our' 

idea of conferring. There's a conlliet 
there." 

Clark continued, "Historically the 
student speaker is chosen by his peers, 
and that didn 't occur. That's the main 
problem - there's a lack of student 
partiCipation in that process: 

Clark feels that she may have been 
chosen as speaker due to affirmative 
action, In the past, there was a 
"preponderance of white males chosen 
as student speakers," predominantly 
from UCLA and Berkeley. She says, "San 
Diego has a reputation for being 
underrepresented, so they divided it 
and I was chosen. I would feel much 
more honored to have been chosen by 
my peers, In this sense, I'm just an 
object that fills space." 

Clark will give the opening remarks at 
the ceremony, congratulating Gardner 
on his appointment. However, she will 
not use this time as an opportunity to 
voice student complaints to the 
administration. "I don't think it will be a 
good time for me to make a protest 
remark. It's inappropriate, and we have 
other channels to do that through," 
Clark concluded. 

The ceremony will be attended by 
representatives of universities 
nationWide and will be covered by the 
press, Three hours of classes will be 
cancelled at UCLA during the 
inauguration. 

UCSD Department of Drama 
presents 

I-----'----BRITISH-~ 
~EXPERIMENTAL~ 
---- THEA TRE--------

L.A. Theatre Work. 
in 

Steven Berkoff's 

"a searing, bawd" explosive 
pia, ... raw with language 

nd ' " a emotion ... 

Mandell Weiss Center 
for the 

Performing Arts 
$5.00 ~ $10.00 "Show of the year, superb .. ," 

- LA Times 

Tickets are available at Ticketron, Student 
Center Box Office and the Mandell Weiss 

Center Ticket Office 
(open Tuesday~Saturdav, 4:30 ~ 6:30 pm) 

Call 452-4574 

Charge~by#phone to Visa or Mastercard 

Homosexual peer 
group on campus 
By CARLOS NELSON 

It is estimated that apprOXimately 
10% of the population is gay oriented. 
Given this estimate, approXimately 1,200 
of UCSD's 12,000 students are gay. In 
other words, one of eve!)' ten people on 
campus, in the classroom or in the 
donns IS gay. Even more surprising is 
the finding that apprOXimately 37% of 
American males report 'having engaged 
in sexual activities at least once with a 
member of their own sex. Clearly, 
homosexuality or occasional homosexual 
feelings are not as uncommon as one 
might suppose. 

Accepting one's homosexuality or 
even acknowledging occasional 
homosexual feelings is a difficult task. It 
be.:omes more complicated With the 
realization that family and friends may 
reject a person upon learning of his or 
her sexuality. Along with the fear of 
rejection is the feeling of alienation from 
loved ones. This 'Often leaves the gay 
person unable to discuss the issue of 
homosexuality with those people he or 
she considers most important. 

With this in mind, UCSD's 
Counseling and Psychological Services 
hired six gay peer counselors who are 
working under the direction of Dr. Steve 
Brady. These students provide a variety 
of support services for gay men and 
women as well as for those who are 
simply explOring their sexuality. One 
setvice is telephone counseling. This 
enables students to talk confidentially 
with gay peer counselors and yet remain 
anonymous. The telephone counseling 

service is available Monday through 
Friday, from 7 pm to 10 pm. It can be 
reached by dialing 452-GAYS. 

Another service is weekly suppon 
groups for gay students. These groups 
prOVide a place for ga)' students to talk 
openly with one another about issues 
affecting their lives. 

Also offered is individual peer 
counseling. This is especially valuable 
because it enables gay studentS to speak 
one to one with gay peer counselors 
who have shared many of the same 
experiences living at UCSD. 

Besides the support services, a 
speakers bureau is also available to 
speak to classes where homosexuality 
would be a relevant topiC. Classes in the 
SoCiology, Psychology, Philosophy or 
Contemporary Issues Departments are 
good examples of where the panel's 
speakers would be appropriate. The 
purpose of the panel is to proVide gay 
and non-gay students with a better 
understanding of homosexuality and gay 
relationships. In the past, the panels 
have been quite successful and well 
received by the students. Professors are 
encouraged to call and find out more 
about the Speakers Bureau, 

Those interested in any of the 
services should call 452-GAYS 
berween 9 and 5 pm, These services 
are of great value to gay and non-
gay students alike. They have been 
used extensively in the past and 
hopefully will continue to be useful in:. 
the future. 

Photo ID Carels 
Nm<;mt· 

..... 

... 

In Quonset 324 Warren (Russell Drive. 
east of the Warren Provost office). 

.... 
The first working day of each week. 

be~en 11:30 am and 3:00 pm. 

-..ely 
Any time after noon the fotlowtng day 
at the Bookstore infornation window. 

... 
Current-quarter R&E (Registration & Events> 

card ... ...,... by the Cashier's office, 

tost or StolID Carda 
CaD extension 6840 

Wore you pay loa- • repJaa_at 

C_ V-llclatiOD StI.r, 
To obtain your current-quarter validation sticker ....... 

MaIda 27 aad ApdI 13. bring your stamped R&E card and 
your photo-ID to the yeUow-and-white tent on the north 

side of the Cashier's office. If you paid by mail. your 
stamped R&E card and current-quarter vaJjdation sticker are 
also available there, AI..., oIMr ....... a validation sticker may 

be obtained at the Cashier's olice at 401 Warren campus, 

I ' 
! I 
I 

I 



.. Apn/ 9, /984 
~)Pl,\;I()~ " 

. - . .. 

ll~~~cerr~n~tttt®lf~ll<e~~<err~n<ett~®rr~n<e~~®rr~ll®(hlelf$ll<eiliterr~n®~~elr~n~lct.t~rr$nett~ 
tt~lf~lettersn<e~tt®lf~n®lct.t~rr~ll®~~®lf~n®~~®lr~n®{tlt®lr~n<elct.t<eIr~ll<ett~<err~lleilitelr~ 
rr~n~tt~~lf~ll<ett~~lr~n®fr~~lf~ncelct.tcerr~n®ilit®·lf$lle~~®lr$llelct.t®Ir~ll®ttlt®lf~ll<ett~elf~ll~ 
ncetttt®rr~n®ttfr®lf~ll~M~rr~n~fr~®rr~n®frfrcelf~n®ilitelf~n<eiliterr~ll<e~~<err~nce~~<elfn<e~fr<e 
Editor. 

Many fear that If Reagan is 
reelected It Will take decades 10 
undo the damage he Will cause. 
They are wrong. Some things 
cannot be undone. The rccent 
Reagan decision not to rapidly 
seek a complete ban on 
antlsatellite (ASAT) weapons Will 
result m irrevocable damage. He 
must be voted from office . 

Reagan is again dependmg on 
an ill-informed public to proceed 
with what he has falsely been led 
to believe will give the U a 
military advantage over the 
Soviets. (His advice comes from 
the likes of Edward Teller and 
the Heritage Foundation). ASAT 
weaponry. according to Air Force 
Lieutenant Colonel Robert 
Bowman (Rct.). former dlrcctor 
of advanced space programs. are 
"military lunacy" and "re present 
the biggest military issue we 
facc ." 

Because suc h satellite killers 
would eventua Uy threaten our 

commUlllcations and early 
wammg capabilities needed to 
control crises. they are extremely 
destabilizing. 

If as much effort were put into 
developing means of verifying an 
ASAT treaty as IS being put tOto 
developmg MAT weapons. a 
more stable Slate of affairs would 
result. As eVidenced by hiS 
Lebanon adventure, which was 
opposed from the begmning by 
the JOint Chiefs of Staff. Reagan 
puts far too much emphaSIS on 
aggressive military solutions 10 
foreign policy problems. He is 
dOing the same wi th his space 
policy We must seek Civil 
alternatives to the dangerous 
path Reagan is followmg. 

Gary Hart has in the past 
pushc!d legislation supporti ng J 
ban on testing ASATs in space . 
You can help prevent the costly 
and dangerous space weapons 
racc Jom the campaign to "Get 
Ron Out." 

Jim George 

The Guardian invites our readers to make use of the 
opinion section as an open forum to present and 
exchange their views on any subject. Letters and anides 
may be sent to the Opinion Editor at the Guardian, B-016, 
UCSD. La Jolla, CA 92093 or brought to our offices 
adjacent to the Che Cafe. Requirements for letters and 
Commentary pieces are outlined below. 
Commentary pieces may be, submitted by any concerned 
individual. Pieces should be typed double-spaced on a 
72-character line. Whatever the subject, the writer shOUld 
focus on a clear thesis. We reserve the right to edit for 
clarity and style, but all major changes will be cleared with 
the author prior to publication whenever possible. 
l.etters to the editor should be typed as above. Letters are 
generally written in regard to anicles or other letters 
printed in the Guardian. However. any letter of general 
interest to UCSD students will be considered for 
publication. Letters may be edited when space requires, 
and spelling and grammatical errors may be corrected . 
The writer's name and phone number must accompany 
every anicle and lener. 

Editor 
Tim August 

Managing Editor 
Phil Lauder 

Copy Edkor 
Joe Desiderio 

Opinion Editor 
Grace Nielsen 

Contributing Opinion Editor 
David Wolf 

News Editor 
Lisa Lapin 

Contributing News Editors 
Christopher Canale 
Steven R. Friedman 

Phil Willon 

Ans Editor 
Andrew Keeler 

Associate Ans Editor 
John Nee 

Spans Editor 
Jerf Savage 

Photo Editor 
Rich Pecjak 

General Manager 
Chris Milke 

Associate General Managers 
Linda LewIs 

Valerie McMullin 

Photographers 
Rob Friedenthal 
Mark Johnson 

lUustrators 
John Ashlee 

Steve Kloepler 

Typeseuers 
Joe Desiderio 
Anggie Lapid 
Phil Lauder 

Andy Laurence 

Production 
Paul FarweU 

Rob Friedenthal 
Lizz Fuller 
Kelley Neal 

Karla Spencer 

Staff Writers 
Lance Bernard, Ethan Feer&, 

David Aeminger. Roben Geyer. 
Mike Greenberg. Jackie 

Gladfelter, Kim Haddad. 
Christina Kaus. Sergio Klier. Ian 
Langdon. Roben Leone, Michael 

Partos. Dena Rosen , Sharon 
Sogomian. Yen Taylor. 

The UCSD Guardian IS 
published Mondays and 
Thursdays during the academic 
ye,jf by students at UCSD. Views 
expressed in the Guardian do not 
represent the views of the Regents 
of the University of California or 
the Associated Students of UCSD. 
All un - initialle d editorials 
represent the views of the emire 
editorial board of the Guardia,.; 
Initialled editorials represent 
minority opinions of the edlmridl 
board . Reproduction, publication , 
or any use without pernllssion of 
any ponion of this newspaper 
without prior notification IS Strtl:tly 
prohibited . 

The Guanllwl welcomes signed 
letters and commentary as outlined 
in the Opinion section ; however. 
we are not responsible for 
unsLlliclted manuscripts or a/t. 

Our olTice IS located southeast of 
the Reve lle Provost Olfice next 
door to the Che Cafe on the UCSD 
campus. The Business Ollke is 
open lrom 9 am to noon ilnd I pm 
10 5 pm Monday through Friday. 

Subscriptions are ,Ivallable and 
will he I1l.l1led hrst class lor !!d 5 per 
qu,mer. 

The UCSD Guardian 
UCSD, B-016 

1-1 Jolla, California 92093 
(619) 452-3466 

.~ ,-.' ~ -; /.. "..-; • .r .,;., '''W :0;,)' >~ ... ~~~' .. .t. .. ••• N' 

Straight from the 
horse's typewriter 
By PHIL LAUDER 

A new format for today's "writer's i " 
features assorted ramblings on life in 
general and nothing in particular .... 
Somf old business, .. "oops" 

When newspapers make mistakes -
and even a quality rag like the Guardian 
does - they usuaUy make a mock 
alOnement by labeling the goof 
"Errarum" and burying the three-line 
explanation on the boltom of page 37. 
somewhere between the Lowenbrau ad 
and oblivion. I label my blow-it an 
"oops" and put it at the from of my 
column. 

The last "writer's i" was entitled ·'Dr. 
Doolittle and the first-week bubble." In it 
I depicted a lame-o professor who Slrolled 
into his first lecture and demonstrated 
at once that he likely earned his 
doctorate by sending $12.95 to a P.O. 
box in Peoria. 

I chose the name Doolittle for this 
fool - i.e., "do-linle" (also the name of 
the chap who talks to animals; I had 
him on my lunch box in third grade, 
but that's another story). 

As fortunes would have it - and they 
did - there hap~ns to be a real Dr. . 
Doolittle at this campus (probably the 
only one on any campus in the Western 
world). Furthermore , Dr. Russell Doolittle 
is presently chairman of the Chemistry 
Depanmem and happens to be one of 
the most respected faculty members on 
campus. He's also a damn good guy. 

Obviously, that was a shock to me 
(not that he's a damn good guy, JUSl that 
he exists), and my Dr. Doolittle and the 

• ....... e.-. 

real hve version have nothing 
whatsoever to do with one another. 

I hope this clears this up. and that I 
have JUSl saved my butt from a 
defamation-of-character lawsuit. 
Some nfw business 

A great cry of anguish rose from this 
campus last Thursday, shortly after that 
day's Guardian came oul. From the top 
of Tioga HaU to the tip of Scripps Pier, 
from the heart of the Main Drag to the 
line at the Cashier's Office. one 
deafening chant could be heard above 
the din of the Miramar jets: "Where's 
the 'writer's i'? Where's the ·writer's iT' 

Well, If you don't believe thaI, 111 just 
tell my loyal fans (that's you. Dad) that 
henceforth this column win appear once 
a week, Mondays only. This is done in 
order to avoid the dreaded artliction 
Burnitus columnistus - a not-so-rare 
ailment proven fatal 100% of the time. 
Well , "it ain 't gonna git me." 
And now, the news 

This isn 't exactly new news - nor 
even "news" at aU - but just where did 
that thing come from that sits in the 
window of Revelle's Commuter Lounge? 
A new addition laSl faU, it looks like 
some kind of electronic message board. 
the kind of thing the class of 79 might 
have presented to the college as a 
(useless) gift Ithat's JUSt a guessl . 

Well . 90% of its surface area seems to 
be dominated by rwo stupid ads, which 
leaves ten percem for a scrolling LED 
message to be flashed. I think the 
messages announce R~lIe College 

Sliadium Rings 
only $9.t.9If , "'l,i.,. 

A ~". Now's the time to think about ~7" ~ your college ring Not JUst any 
ring a 14K GOld College Ring 

from ArtCarved The karat gold 
Jewelry Ihars deSigned and hand· 

crafted for Jasling value 
And now an ArtCarved t4K GoJd 

DATE April 9 • 13 College Ring IS more altordabie than you 
thInk Choose Irom an entire collection oj 
14K Gold ArtCarved College Rings "nd 

TIME 9:00. 4:00 save $25 ThiS oHer IS for a limited lime 
only. so come In and see all the great 
ArtCarved styles With Ihe custom optIons 

PLACE Bookltore Ihat can lei you have lhe nng of your 
chOice. the way you want II 

SO graduate In style G,acJua te to goldl 

IIRiTIQ1D\ /CD [)(>, .o,:>rt R('<.lU11t'U ~ ~I~ I'V L Mll <:;l(,fCara Of v isa ACC I'PIC(j 
CLASS RINGS INC 

Ncxhono else feels Joke real gcld 

events. but I'm nOt sure . That'S my 
point. Longer messages. sc rolled at twO 
words a shot, may take up to three 
hours to read . The only message I've 
ever gonen through was one that I saw 
on Friday: "GOOD LUCK ON ANALS." 
Gee thanks. 

Perhaps a less exciting, less high-tech, 
more readable bulletin board could 
replace this electronic wizard. Or 
perhaps the powers that be can ditch 
the ads and use the whole board for 
messages. Or perhaps the powers that 
be can JUSt ignore me, and 111 go on my 
way .... 
And now, this message 

Hff Haw salutes my hometown of 
Alpine, California. population 
5.600 ... ·SAA-LUUTE!! .. 
On to the second week 

I hope nobody went berserk in one of 
the first-week lines. After dealing With 
the bookstore and the math 
add/ drop/ add-again and the registrar 
and financial aid and the provost and 
the salad line at the Revelle Deli -

April 9, 1984 5 
OPINIO') 

Lord. you deserve a break today. So get 
up and get away, but not 10 the top of 
Tioga's 11 slOries, where another hne is 
reportedly formmg to avoid the other 
hnes on a permanent basis. 
A duo-genarian 

A warm Happy Birthday greeting goes 
to Guardian News Editor Lisa Lapin . 
Lisa, 20 years young today, has 
remained active and alert even through 
her later years. and credits her longevity 
to a tall glass of vodka every morning 
and every evening. 

Born in the days of black and white 
television , Lisa trudged 20 miles through 
the snow just to get to her school. He,. 
efforts toward education have paid off 
in bringing to her and her seven 
children, 18 grandchildren and 117 
great-grandchildren the opulent lifestyle 
they afford today. 

Asked how she'd like to be 
remembered when she finally kicks the 
can. Lisa responded slowly, Just 
remember I was a sportswriter ... and a 
damn good one at that." 



6 Apnl 9, J 984 
OPINION 

• ,.' ':(.N~"~'" '.' "'. 'X~ , M' . " ' 

r--------------------------------------, IT'S CRICKET! ' 
FREE CRICKET STYLING 
BRUSH WITH HAIRCUT 
AND COUPON ($5 Value) 
• Hairstyling for Guys and Gals 
• No Appointment Needed 
• Perm and Color Specialists 
• Open Monday thru Saturday and Evenings 
• Ask for your Student Discount Card 

Command 
PerItlIII8DCe® 
TalJ<1D-UA. "" ~ 

2710 Garnet, Pacific Bch 483-4673 
Next to P.B. Honda 
----------_____________________________ J 

When did you last challenge yourself? 
Or do something truly out of the ordinary? If 
it's been too iong, go Outward Bound this 
year. Climb a mountain. Captain a raft . 
Explore the canyons. While at the same 
lime, learning. About nature. About people. 
About yourself. 
Colorado Outward Bound School 

~,.., =a,. Dept. C-Il i_~ 945 Pennsylvania St . 
~.1 Denver. CO 80203 

• ....,~ (303) 837-088tJ 

When girls want a vacation 
filled with fun, sun and romance, 

they go to Fort Lauderdale ... 

P~ ~ 
Wf47 Where all your dreams come true V 

lRI-STAR PICTURES "1It11 110M ITC PROOUalONS .. AllAN CARR PROOOCTION "WHERE THE BOYS ARE' 
I_USA HARTMAN'RUSSEU TOlXHORNA LUFHYENDY SCHAAL -HOWARD McGlLLIN~LYNN-HOI.lY x)HNSON~ ~AlANA STEWART . 

!«I~CHRISTOPHER McOONALD MII(lWI; DANiEl McOONALD::ut~ LOUISE SOREL r:~ JAMES A. CONTNER :n SY\.\{STIR LEVAY m DENIS PREGNOlATO\l~~STU KRlEGER ..,JEFF BURKHART PI(IW~A1.lAN CARRIIII(I~ HY MRBACX IRI~ .. =L AlI.SlMIUAII 001--1'" ' ''''"\llI(I''S-ijl'''~'_ _Ilr-., 
. III IlLIC1I'D n..wMS 

NOW PLAYING AT A THEATRE NEAR YOU. 

Research 
"from bonds 

By JACKIE AFFONSO 
Sacmmmto Correspondent 

Thc University 01 Calilornia's wish to 
expand its research capabilities would 
he gr.mteu under a bill authorizing the 
construction 01 research centers through 
public bond sales The coate Education 
Committee unanimously approved the 
bill Wednesday, March 28. 

Senate Bill 1504, authored by Senator 
John Garamendi (D-Walnut Grove) 

,would <luthorize the State Public Works 
Board to sell revenue bonds to private 
investors to nllse money for the 
construction and renovatlon of research 
facilities on aU nine UC campuses. AU 
projects are subject to legislative 
approval. 

Introduction of the bill was prompteJ 
by a survey of the research needs of 
each campus. University chanceUors 
submmed (to Garamendi's otTIce) 
proposed resecmh facilities they would 
like 10 have If I"unds wcre available, 
according to the senator's Senior 
Consultant, Masako Dolan. The 
requested projects totaled over $400,000. 

Dolan said the bill was mtroduced to 
allow the University to build organized 
research centers cxclusively for its 
faculty. Existing research facilities were 
bUilt for the combined purposes of 
teaching and research , based on student 
enrollment. she said . 

Garamendi told the committee more 
research would consequently boost the 
state's economy: "The centers of 
research will be a wise investment lor 
the State of California." 

The bond sale fundmg mechanism 
proposed In Garamendi's bill lS nO! a 
new one. Funding of University high 
technology research faCilities through 
revenue bond sales was approved by the 
Legislature last year. The statute , 
authored by Senator Nicholas Petris (D-
Oakland), is referred to as the "Petris 
bill ." Garamendi 's bill does nOt change 
the fund I ng provisions under the 
statute, but only expands them to 
Include research facilities. 

Dolan said It is likely that other 
categories of projects eligible for bond 
funding would be introduced: "Once the 
mechanism has been established there 
is a realization that there are other 
needs." The committee approved a bill 
last week to fund library facilities with 
revenue bonds. Both bills will next go to 
the Senate Finance Committee. 

Even as the commmees approve the 
i nelusion of other projects to be funded 
through bond financing under the 
existing statute, the Petris bill is being 
questioned. On the heels of his research 
financing bill comes a "clean-up" bill by 
Garamendl . de~lgned to correct the 
misleading intent 01 the Petris bill. 

A flaw m the statute has caused delay 
in the bond sales for fundmg of the UC 
Davis Food and Agricultural Sciences 
Building, the IIrst high technology 
filcility approved lor bond financing hy 
the Legislature. 

The bond counsel, a private law firm 
in San Fmncisco which makt"s 
recommendations on the 53:e of revenue 
bonds, would not approVt' the sale of 
honds for the project until the PCtrlS bill 
is revised , Dolan said. GarJmendi 's bill 
IS Intended lor this purpose . 

As written. the Petris bill now requires 
the Legislature 10 give a second approval 
01 the Davis project. This has caused a 
delay m plans which makes the project 
"uncenain" :lI1d not favorable to bond 
sales, she said . 

The bond counsel could not be 
re.ll'hed lor comment. 

UC Director of Statc Govemmental 
Relations tcve Ardlttl !>aId the flaws 111 
thc Petri, btll arc "technical" .md should 
he cleared up 11)' the GarJl11endi bi ll . 
The btll is expected to reach the 
Go\,cmur's desk in twO or three weeks. 

The rnCilSUre .llso constitutcs second 
approval 01 the DaVIS project and aUows 

'for II1tcrim III1Jncing of projects before 
revcnue bonJ, an: suld. 

Cover Story 

Casualty of El Salvador 
By CHRISTOPHER CANOLE 

F or many Americans . the torment and bloodshed of wars in foreign lands does not become reality until a friend or family member dies In batrle. The wars 
In Central America came to UCSD March 16, 1984 
when John Hoagland. class of 71, was fatally shot 
through the lung with an American-made bullet while 
on photographic assignment In EI Salvador for 
Newsweek. . 

PholOJournalists are nonpersons unlll they die If you 
read Newsweek you mal remember Hoagland's two 
latest cover photographs of the US Manne pullout 10 
Beirut or his best known photograph 01 a S'llvaJoran 
government soldier juggling lemons over a guerrilla's 
body. But who was John Hoagland, and why did he 
risk hIS life In these warzones? IronicaU}I. these 
questions were debated even dunng his memorial 
services 

Some of Hoagland's reporter friends at the funeral 
agreed With the Newsweek memonal, "From every 
capital and backwater in Central America. the odd-
hours phone calls would come jangling in . 'What's 
cookin' this week?' the easy going voice would ask. 
And ringing off, John Hoagland would sprint to one 
more hot spot. At 36, he was a lean man with a bag of 
cameras. Inquisitive eyes and a friendly grin that 
betrayed his don't-tread-on-me mustache. When his 
name appeared on death squad hit lists in EI Salvador, 
he said, 'This is my home: and stayed , covering wars, 
politiCS and the sufferings of ordinary people." Yet 
other feHow reporters believed Hoagland was non-
political. 

A UCSD coUege friend described Hoagie, as he was 
fondly caDed by hIS friends. as a '60s altlst and rebel 
who was "active in the anti-Viemam War movement. 
He had to bury his politics for the last couple of years 
just to survive as a photOjournalist in Central America. 
He would appear neutral or .unbiased . He sold photos 
to Soldier oj Fortune, a real right-wing magazine, then 
he gave photos to the new indicator. n 

Hoagland took his last photos while walking point. 
ahead of 15 journalists, down a narrow trail between 
twO smaU ridges JUSt south of Suchuoto, a perfect 
location for an ambush. By backtracking Hoagland's 
fatal path, we may discover why one of his friends 
said, "Hoagie was a product of the '60s." 

Hoagland's interest in photography began in 1965 
when he enrolled as an alt and communications major 
in UCSD's first freshman class. His political interest 
first came to public anention in 1968 as a result of 
Martin Luther King's assassination. A group of students 
and professors formed the "Tuesday the Ninth 
Committee" to try to find some answers to the tense 
racial problems and other injustices in US society. 
There were a number of coUectives within the overaU 
committee. One collective produced the San Diego Free ' 
Press, which later became the San Diego Street Joumal, 
the first underground newspaper In San Diego. A 
fellow student said , "Hoagie had a particular 
attachment to San Diego's undcrground newspapers 

and twO other UCSD rags c.!Iled era::;y Times and Thc 
North Slar. Never one lor long rneellngs and debates. 
John was a man of aCllon . 

"Hoagie was also a pan of d group cdUed the 'DeI 
Mar Degenerates'," hiS friend conllnued. "When' first 
met John he was liVing with his wife and thClr child 
Eros. Eros was the first Hippie kid I ever mel. Hc was 
raised on demonstratlons and rallies. They would do 
actions like spr.ly painting Stop signs 'Stop the War.' 
And also he was the surfer type who hung out in that 
scene." 

Another friend remembered that In 1971 , "Hoagie 
and another student took some UCSD Video 
equipment up to a big demonstration in East Los 
Angeles, which was a part of a series o f 
demonstrations caUed thc 'Chicano Moratonum .' They 
filmed the demonstratlon , but then It turned Into a nO! 
when the LA County Sheriffs attacked the crowd , and 
the crowd fought back. Hoagie was right there taping 
the whole thmg. Later that da}' they were arrested for 
allegedly slashing the urI'S of a shenfrs car. Many felt 
John's interest in the struggles of Central AmericJn 
people began during that demonstrallon ." 

Hoagland was known as a compulsive worker who 
supported hiS family dunng his last years at UCSD as 
a photographer at Scripps Institution of Oceanography. 
Then he moved to San Francisco and began as an 

ironworker for a number 01 years. A Inend who knew 
him in San FranCISCO said , -He was very cynical 
during that period. He didn't thmk much of the 
organized Left. At night he reunited with his 
photography. He had a falling out with hiS wife at that 
lime. Then he gOt the Idea he wanted to go down 
south to Nicaragua." 

'" was looking for something new at the time," said 
Hoagland during a recent interview with the San 
FrancISCO Chromcle. "The Sandinista revolution 

pkase turn to page 8 

$» •. :/,.in"t 
decl.~ .",,'~ 
~ /f42;:tr mak • ... 

ALL YOU CAN MT 

You need accurate information in a 
profeSSional setting with 
tiluaranteed' confidentiality. 
You'll find it at. .. 

rml- FAMILY PLANNING ASSOCIATES MEDICAL GROUP 
• Free pregnancy testing 
• Pregnancy terminations with 

general or local anesthesia 
• Birth control • Counseling 
Our staff gynecologists and nurse practitioners specialize in pro-
viding the services you ne4tl at an affordable price. We accept 
Medi-Cal, Private Insurance, VISA, Mastercard . 

SAN DlESO 
6495 Alvarado Rd . 
(619) 287 -8226 

SPAGHETfI 
With Marinara Sauce 

$199 
Every Monday I All Day 

BJ .'s Pizzeria 
8873 ViDa La Jolla Dr. 
La Jolla, CA. 92037 
~455-0662 



8 Apnl 9, 1984 
NEWS 

. '. . :~. , .... ,., . ~ ~ . ." ... -;.. . ',~ .~ .. )-':'. ,. ...:.. . ,. . '. . ~ 

Casualty 
lV,l/ lIl ll ,'" jt'tttl ' 1"'8t: 7 

and went to entral Amenca. I llon't 
know why he did It . He Just loved it. He 
didn't want to waste hiS potential. He 
wanted action, and that 's what he did ." 

represented a real c hange that I really 
wanted to expenence. What's gOing to 
happen In Lalln Amenca In [he next 
fo ur to five years WIl! determine the 
history of the conune nt for the next SO 
years." 

Hoagland 's father said . "He JUSt 
picked up and left about five years ago 

~nny Igncizi. an ASSOCiated Press 
photographer who knew Hoagl,lOd while 
covering the war. recalled. "He wa, n't 
like other journalists who go there and 
star in the Camino Real Hotel. He had 
an apartment and weill{ to the grocery 
store and lived among t1'Ie people." 

"You can call it radJ.r - sometimes 
yo~n feel it coming," said t-f~land . 

Are You 
CATHODe 

But Don't KnO\V Why? 

Join Fr. Frank Sabatte and other students 
• 

to find out... 

Every Tuesday Evening at 7:30 
Starting AprIl 10 at the 
CathoDe Lounge at the 

University Lutheran Church 
(across &om Revelle) 

452-1957 
Sponsored by the Catholic Students Coordinators of the 

Catholic Community at UCSD. 

", 

... ---ArrENTIONI---_ 
MUIR GRAQUADNG SENIORS: 

If you pion to graduate Spring Quarter, 1984, you .rmm. ha~ 0 
finol degree check ond submit 0 D~u ond Diploma 
Application form by APRIL 13, 1984. 
Either come in to the Academic Advising Office, H&SS 2126, or 
ca" 452-3580 to make on appointment 

DONT Pf'~y 
IF YOU DO NOT HAVE A FINAL DEGREE CHECK AND SUBMIT YOUR 
APPUCAnON FORM BY APRIL 13, YOU WILL NOT BE ABLE TO 
GRADUATE SPRING QUARTER, 1984. THERE WILL BE NO 
EXCEPTIONS!!!! !!!! 

Rt:memt:>er that at Muir Col~ you must ha~ compl~ at least 180 
units for a BA degree (192 minimum for a B.S. de9'eeO. Muir CoIlegf; 
rt:quirt:S a minimum of 18 upper division courses (72 upper division 
units). Somt: majors may rt:quirt: up to 23 upper division four unit 
courses to graduate. 
IF YOU PLAN TO GRADUA 1£ SUMMER QUARTER, 1984, YOUMUSI submit 
your namt: and "Intt:nt to Graduatt:" by April 13, 1984. Tht: deadMne for 
having a final degree check and submitting a Dt:grt:t: and Diploma 
Applicatio·n form is Junt: 6, 1984. 

BEAT THOSE HIGH 
UNIVERSITY COPY COSTS. 

• Binding • Passport e S~tionery 
e Folding Photos. Typewriter 

8855 Villa La Jolla 
Drive 

457-3775 
Near Ralph's & 
Sav-on Drugs 

Fast -
Quality 
Service 

Open 7 
I;)ays 

• 

He said that he had sensed ll ,mger 111 
January 19tH . minutes before ,I car he 
was dnving rail over a land mine. With 
him we re Susan Meiselas. famed 
phOtographer of Nicaragu'ln rebels , who 
was wounded . and lan Mates , a outh 
Alncan cameraman. who later died of 
his wounds. Had Hoagland not been 
le,ming forward to read a map. he 
would have been killed by the shrapnel 
that shaved the hair from his head. 

published death li st o[ 35 reporters put 
OUt b)' the right-wlIlg deJth squads. Alex 
Drehsler, a lormer reporter for the Sa" 
Diego UIlIOIl who has covered the 
fighting in EI Salvador, said , "Something 
happened to him covering the war. He 
decided to sta)" taking photos of the 
bodies. the death squads and refugees. 
That sparked something inside him . It 
was like his personal war - recording 
the revolutionary process." 

During the March 1982 elections in El 
Salvador. Hoagland's name was among a 

One week alter Ncwswcdt featured 
pl~as.: !Urn /() pug~ 9 

ALLERGY & ASTHMA 
1Wo /IJIJafW DnIIltu .... UIioS new drugI, needs voIunteen who.-e mila 18-
60 }UI'S of 119« with ~ <1td*'S In nose and eyes with snazJns and MIIII 

c:ongatIon caused by poIIIns) or asthma sutrerers (v.t1eeZ1n9. COU9h 
or shortlless 01 brath). 

1'l1li .... Indudal • Stipend (payment b pertIdpetIon) 
• Dre'NIng of blood 
• CorwenieIltty scheduled visits 

ao.d c:atifted AJlcr9ist I Internist For further Wo. 
Wann Plakow M.D. 436-3911 

REE DAYS ONL¥ 
* L1MJTED NUMBER OF APPOINTMENTS AV AJLABLEI 

BAUSCH 
& LOMB SOFT (EXJt~~ED) CPNTACT LENSES 

S139~59 
, This o/I'er wllfnol be~xt~anaw'" be_onAprd 12, 13. & 14 ony fran lOAM 
to7~afltst~tirst~baSlS. M'\KEYOURAPPOINTMENTNOW ... to_ 
""''''''''' nrtho. ~ WIO"9S. This coupon .... lie",....,.. wn.n,au CDIM In 
your ... "II ... ' ..... 

PACKAGE INCLUDES 
" FREE Eye Exam 

" Fitting 

" Follow·Up VlsH, 
., C.r.Klt 

Dr. Steven Grossman Optometry 
Monday·Saturday 

11 :00-6:00 PM 

WHAT'S THE 
DIFFERENCEl 
The difference: A Written 

Guarantee. We have student 
discounts, and evening hours, 

just like many other shops. But, 
unlike others, we back up all our 

work in writing. If, after we've cut, 
permed, or colored your hair, you' re 
not completely happy, call us witbin 

seven days . We' ll redo your hair at no 
extra charge . That's a big difference. 

9AM to 9PM Mon . • Tues . • Wed . • Thurs. 
9AM \0 7PM Fri. • 9AM to 6PM Sat. 

La /olla V;lIage Convenience Center 
Next to Ralphs and Sav-On 

457·3384 

Casualty 
""I"nlt~cI jr"tlI 1~lgt: II 
Hoagland's photos of the Salvadoran 
government's death squad mass graves. 
the police arrested him on charges of 
fraud . rhe dispute originated two years 
earlier when a Cherokee truck. rented 
from a local Hertz agency there by Ian 
Mates. went over a cliff near the 
Honduran border. Hoagland was listed 
as the guarantor because Mates' credit 
card had expired. Since Mates was 
killed in the later land mine incident. 
the agen!'}' sought damages totaling 
$12,000. He was eventuaUy cleared of 
the charges. 

When the movie Under Fin: was 
released in 1983. both Hoagland's 
friends and reponers covering the wars 
in Nicaragua and El Salvador recognized 
that the two mam characters were 
loosely based on Bill Stewan. ABC 
correspondent, and John Hoagland. 
"Twice I've had to phOlograrh my 
friend 's caskets going out 0 here ," said 
Hoagland. In June of 1979 Bill Stewan 
sensed it would be safe to approach a 
Somozan national guard outpost on foot . 
In one hand, Stewan carried his 
government· issue press pass; in the 
other. he held a white nag. One of the 
soldiers raised his rifle. and Stewan 
dropped to his knees. The guardsman 
motioned to him to lie down and 
kicked him sharply in the side. Then 
the soldier stepped back a few paces 
and calmly took aim. He shot Stewan 
behind the right ear. laDing him. The 
Videotape of mat brutal laUing alJd the 
public reaction to it erased the last 
traces of suppo" in the United States 
for the Somoza regime. 

(A special free sho!lfing of Under Fire 
wiU be presented at9 pm, Sunday, April 
IS at Why Not Here? on the ReveUe 
campus.) 

For five weeks, Hoagland was 
• 

assigned to Beirut to photograph the US 
Marine puUout. Dave Helvarg. a San 

I)I~gll freelance writer who was with 
Hoagland in Central Amenca. said 
Hoagland. whose photographs of US 
soldiers leaVing LcbJ.non made twO 
covers of Nrwswceh. would have 
preferred to have a cover photograph of 
Americans leavmg El Salvador. 

Hoagland said . "The possibility 01 
being killed was much greater in El 
Salvador. Much heaVler aniUery was 
used in Beirut. but a photographer could 
always figure out where the fire was 
coming from . The Central American 
confiicts are jUst twO guys in the bush 
trying to kiD each other with rifles." 

PhOlographs of the El Salvadoran 
connict were featured last month at the 
San Diego Museum of Photographic Ans. 
Hoagland's photographs rellectcd the 
human tragedy of the war - the 1iK't of 
a woman bent over her slain hUsPnd , 
hornbly mutilated bodies lyiyfl the 
street. a little girl running i~ar along a 
highway . 

Hoagland criticized the anugance of 
the American!re~ corps: "They had no 
sensitivity an no respect for the 
Salvadoran,Plopl~nd how the war was 
affecting them. ~me would say, 'We're 

payi~ for this war. goddamn it, we 
haYe a right to film it!' In some ways, 
the press has too much power - we're 
not 'accountable: Hoagland included 
himself in this criticism: "I feel like a 
vulture when I'm jamming a camera in a 
crying widow's face: he said . 

Even though Hoagland felt this way 
about some of the press coverage of the 
war. he chose to continue his work 
because El Salvador was becoming his 
home. He felt it necessary to 
photograph the peoples' struggles from 
the perspective of one who lived among 
the people. 

"I'm no longer under the impression 
I'm ihvulnerable. that's for damn sure ," 
Hoagland said in his last interview. 

"You're always braver in your first war. I 
always used to go up the road JUSt to 
see what was there. Sometimes it's not 
wonh the risk of gening there. so why 
g07" 

Hoagland nev\'" felt comfonable going 
out on aSSignment with a large group of 
reponers. but now he was the most 
experienced and familiar with the 
Salvadoran country and people. 
According to Roben Nickelsberg, a Time 
magazine photographer who was with 
t-foagland, the two were walking up the 
road under siege by the guerrillas. when 
the govemment soldiers they were 
following came under fire . 

"John was on one knee. just about to 
go down and dig into the dirt, and he 
yeUed he was hit." said Nickelsberg. 
"The din was coming aU over us from 
the bullets. He fell more or less on his 

side and face , and he expired no more 
than IS seconds after that. We were 
pinned down for 45 minutes more; the 
soldiers retreated and they left us 
behmd." According to the official repon, 
Hoagland was killed by a stray buDet of 
a government soldier. 

That evening. the American public 
witnessed John Hoagland's death as 
captured by the camera of a CBS 
newsman. CBS news correspondent 
Richard Wagner said Hoagland and the 
other journalists were pinned down in 
the firestorm of bullets for more than 
one hour in that weedy field . Whether 
you knew John Hoagland or not. you 
could identify with the reponers caught 
in the action and feel the frustration of 
not being able to do anything until both 
sides ran out of foreign-supplied 
ammunition . 

UCLA SUMMER SESSIONS 1984 
Register Now. 

FIRST TERM : 
June 18-July 24 
(five weeks) 
SECOND TERM: 
AugUR 13- September 21 
(six weeks) 
Special Sessions in Engineering/ 
Computer Scie'hG,e and Management: 
June 18-JuIY20"and 
AugUR 13-September 14 
(ten weeks) 
UCLA Summer S-Iona offers nearly 500 
courses for full degree credit. Only IX schools 
can offer you courses for grade, subject, and 
unit credit. 
UCLA Summer Sessions is a self-supporting 
program; it receives no State or University 
funding . Everyone- graduates and 
undergraduates, regardless of their 
state of residence- pays the same fees: 
$125 per term and $33 per quarter unit. 
For com.,... lnformMlon on cou ..... , 
resources, and services, consult the UCLA 
Summer Sessions Catalog. In it is a registra-
tion form as vvell as a return envelope. If your 
registration is received by May 18, you will be 
mailed a response no later than June 8. 

COURSES ARE OFFERED IN: 

• Anthropology 
• Arabic 
• Art 
• Astronomy 
• Biology 
• Chemistry 
• Chicano Studies 
• Classics 
• Communications 

Studies 
• Computer Science 
• Dance 
• Economics 
• Education 
• Engineering 
• English 

• EngHsh 
Composition 

• Folklore and 
Mythology 

• French 
• Geography 
• Gennan 
• Hebrew 
• History 
• Kinesiology . 
• latin American 

Studies 
• Unguistics 
• Mathematics 
• Management 
• Microbiology 
• Military Science 

• Music 
• Nursing 
• Philosophy 
• Physics 
• Political Science 
• Portuguese 
• Psychiatry 
• Psychology 
• Public Health 
• Quechua 
• Russian 
• Sociology 
• Spanish 
• Speech 
• Theater Arts 
• Women's Studies. 

Free copies of the UCLA 
Summer Sessions Catalog 
are now available at: 

UC San Di.go 
Summer Se .. ions OffIce 
101A Administrative Complex 
Warren Campua 

Or CIIH UCLA Summer Sessions directly at 1213' __ ... 



The Weekly Calendar - - - - - -~- --- -- -------~- -- -

-~----~---~ --- -
---- ---- - -

-- ---- - - - - ---

--.~ -- -

-- - -- - - - - -

------- - - --
------ - -- - - - -

----- ----------

----

-~---- - ---- - -

-------~ 
--~------- - -- -

Sports 
MONDAY 
J.oo pm - Men's TenniS lIS. San Diego State. In 
the MUIr Courts. 
TUESDAY 
6110 pili - Aikido Club workout ~ class. 
Beginners welcome I IGi not required). In South 
Balco'¥. main gym. 
WEDNESDAY 
1100 pili - Golf lIS. Univ. o f San Otego. Torrey 
Pines. 
2110 pm - BasI!OaIl lIS. 5.I1 Otego State. In Olsen 
R~d. 
mURSDAY 
6110 pili - Aikido club workout ~ class. 
Beginners welcome I IGi not required,. In South 
Balco'¥. main gym. 
""MY 
2.00 pili - Softball lIS. ueSB double-header. On 
Warren FI~d. 
2.00 pm - Women's tennis lIS. Cal State 
Fullerton. On Muir Courts. 
SATURDAY 
1 II. _ - WOmen's tennis lIS. acd dental. On 
Muir Courts. 
7:. pm - Men's volleybal l lIS. Univ. of 
Pl!pperdlne. In the ~. AdmissIOn $1. 
SUNDAY 
7100 _ - Men's and Women's crew lIS. Loyola 
Marymount. In MiSSIOn Bay. 

Other 
M:DNlESDAY 
7100 pili - Gay men's support group. "you are 
gay or bi-sexual. or e>q)lonng your sexuality come 
and discuss relevant topics WIth ottlers who share 
)QJr concerns. In a friendtt~. In TCHB 
141. 
1 11 __ - ue Third IKIorld Student PolitlCill 
Action Day. "Raitt Against Racist VIolence iWld 
Attacks on Alfirmat~ A£tion." A canpus wide 
e\IeOt to oppose recent upsurge in racist IAolt!nce 
directed tOlNal'ds Third World Students at UCSO 
and to protest Ue's ~rts to eflminate AlfirrTliltM! 
ActIOn programs. On the gym steps. HU!1ll. 
7.0.10100 pili - lI\GO's Sodal. An informal 
gathering ofUCSO's lestlii!'1 and gaycomtrunity. A 
great place to meet ottler gay men and IIIIOmen in a 
comfortable atmosphere. TCHB 141. 
7100 pm - The hstOl}' of ski touring in Cal by 
David Beck. author of "Ski Touring In california" 
and director of Sierra Ski Tours. David will also 
srow slides of the Sierra Nevadas and the 
European Haute Route. In Solana 8eactl Pack 
FactOI}'. 143 S. Cedros. Call 755-7662 for 
resevatlOn. 
JlRlDAY 

~1.oo pIII- COf'lYroters: COITlf' talk to the 
Chancellor about commuter Issues on April 13th in 
the North Conf. Rm. Bring a lunchl Everyone 
welcomel 
SATURDAY 1,.. .. pili - Artend "Election '84 -It-hat is 
at StakeT. a free public forum from I:CXH:30 pm 
Saturday. April 14 In Pet~ Hall . CMI Rights 
Chairman Clarence Pendleton. Congressmen Jim 
Bates and BiIILDwery. Adrlllral Worth Bagley. Law 
Professor Martin Shapiro lue Berkeley'. Dr. 
Richard Atuym and Dr. Sarruef Popkin Will take 
part. The pan~ wlIl also address questIOnS from the 
tIoor. There will De a reception with me panelisU 
immediately foli<:MAng. Sponsored by Earl Warren 
College. the league of Women Voters and the 
PolitlCill SCIence Dept For more informatIOn. call 
452-4350. In ~rson Hall. 

--===--=--=-=--=-==- --7:-- --- - -- --- ---- :::.- -~--
-~=--=--=--==--==-~=--=----=-----=--=------- -- - -- - - = 

Academic Services 
MONDAY-fRIMY 
8: __ 4100 pm - PAL Conferences - Don t 
spend more time studying than necessaty l 
Schedule a one-to-one PAL lpersonal assistance for 
learning, conh!rence to streamline )QJr stu<¥ng 
The conferences will deal with )QJr course 
m atenals concerns In Cluding read ing 
comprehension. memory control. lecture 
notetaking. and test preparation. as wefl as how to 
manage your time. handle stress. concentrate 
IJI!(ter. and ~come proaastllNltlOn. Sponsored 
by the OASIS Reading and ~ SkHIs Center. In 
USB 4010. 
...... .00 ,.. - OASIS lXhiting Center 

~ free service for aU UCSO students who need 
pre-writing help. conr.ences on drafts. and 
editing iKMce. ~ e{lgage ~ kind of writing and 
tn:I kind of writi1g problem. C~ences are by 
apPOintment only. EVI!I'Iing appotntments _ now 
also iIYiIllable in ClI\SIS Third Place at ThIrd College. 
IFOr the full range of servtCI!S see back of Fall 
ScheciJIe'. Call 452-2284 or come by USB 4010 to 
make an appointment This seMCt' Is available 
ttYoug1out the quarter. 
9100_ ..... pIII-GrammarMosesHotline. 
1\ grammar hodl~ phone-In service for ~ with 
diaion. grammar and punctuation probIans. To 
reach Grammar Moses. call 452-2284. Sponsored 
by the CYUIS IXhItW1g Center. SeNice a/iIIlabIe 
ttYouglOut the quarter. 
....... pili - Drop-In-I-tlurs. FOr quid< 
quetIOnS pertaining to career planning. job 
hunting. resume oitlqueInQ etc. FOr more 
indlvi<1Ja1 attention sigrl-1Jp Of" call 452-3750 for an 
appointmerlt with an acMsor. In Career PlannIng 
H.. lOSS. 

MONMY 
10 ... 11110 _ - GraciJate Sct1ooII\cMsing. 
Planning on grClllJate schOol after ueSO? After 
you attend a graduate acMsng seminar. drop-in at 
this time and ~k to an adIIisor for more specific or 
detailed inrormatlon. Sponsored by Career SeMces 
Center. In the Student Center Bldg. A 
1.o.ZIOOpIII- TheCYUIS Frend1 ,",rkshop is 
desl!J1ed mantt for studerlu who are wrIting 
papers or ottler class assigrlments in French. 
Students not working on specific papers. bUt who 
IM)tJld like to perfI!a their writing aDiMty in French. 
are also ~. The woriahDp wiN offer a 
urwque oppoItUnity for students to edt their own 
papers. and seek a>nstIU~ critidsm from their 
peers. It will also prCMde clarification of grammar. 
med1anICS. and sentence and paragraph struoure. 
Prt-III/I'iting discussions, when necessary. will De 
condJaed in French. Students ~ attend on 

r~.dar or occasional basis. In 4070 USB. 
11 ..... pili - Mock Interview. seeing and 
heamg yourseff on videotape can ~ put the 
finishing touctle on interview skills. Prerequisite: 
Interviewing skiNs workshop. (all career Planning 
& Placement at 457-3750 to make an appointment 
In HlIOSS. 
2.0..100 pili - Your Skills - Your Career. This 
IM)rkshop helps you identify and articulate )QJr 
skills and relate them to particular careers. 
Sponsored I¥ Career Serllices Center. In the Rellefle 
Formal lDunge. 

lUUQAY 
......... _ - The l.Y1guage Program ~ I 
& 11- This OASIS program A::ICU5I!Sonthethinmg 
skills )QJ nI!I!d to successrul~ handle the reading 
and writing tasks assIgr1ed In )QJr courses. It is 
designed for ttlose who want to perfI!a their 
English language skills. LP classes are taugtt by 
reading and writing specialiSU and tlilln9J3f tutors. 
LP is presented I¥ the CYUIS lXhiting Center and 
the OASIS Reading Center. In USB 4010. 
1ChOO _ naan - t..ecture Notetaking - An 
_age BA/BS program WIll include c:Ner 1.000 
hours of lecture timel Will you get the most out of 
ttlose hours 7 This workshop will iITp'<M! )QJr 
listening ability. deIII!top your notetaking skills, and 
intrO<1Jce the extraordlnaly mastel}l !earring 
system - a way to l"l>rOlle your recall as It cuu 
00l1\li'1 on s~ bOre<bm. Sponsored by the CYUIS 
Reading & ~ Skills Center. In TCH 141. 
10 .... 1110 _ -LAW /MBI\ AIMsing. Law or 
MBI\ school group aCIIIIsing hours for at?J 
questions concerning the application process for 
law school or MBI\ programs. see the ~ 
l.lW/Management acMsor on an informal Oasis. 
No i!ppOlfltments necessary, bUt It is acMsabIe to 
call first at 452-4939 If open hours are being held. 
In the Student Center Bldg. 1\. / 
___ .100 pili - Academic ~ In Spanish 
es una nueva aaMd.1d det /'rWan'Ia de ~as de 
OASIS. La (lase esta diserlida para estudiantes de 
cursos avanzados s~graduados I"upper-
division'" que deseen perfeccionar los elementos 
gramaticales. sintactlCDi, y retoricos del espanal 
con ef fin de pr..odld tr~ academIcos de 
calidad. "Term-papers" asignados en los dlllersos 
cursos de eIj)anoI seran tamIlien atendldos en este 
taller. lA'llor puede camtliarse de comun acuerdo. 
In usB 4070. 
1.o.Z.oo ..... - Cln-Campus-Interviewlng 
OrientMion. If you are Interested WI partJapatlng In 
the ClO-C3"lJUs Interviewing ths quarter. It IS 
mandatory that you attend one of these 
orientations oeft:>re you intMliew. Sponsored by 
Career Serllices Center. In the ~Ie Formal 
lDunge. 
11OO-ZIOO .... - The Spanish Workshop Is a new 
~ature of the CYUIS Language Program. It is 
dI!sIgled maln~ for students whl iIIe writing 

~ or other class asslgrlments in Fn!nc:h. 

Students not working on speoftc papers. bUt who 
would like to perfect their w riting abi li ty In FrenCh. 
are also welcome The worksrop Will offer d 
unique opportUlllty for students to edit their own 
papers. and seek constructM! crltldsm from their 
peers. It Will also prCMde darificatlOrl of grammar. 
mechanICS. and sentence and paragraph structure 
Pre-1Miting diSCUSSIOns. when necessary. -.Mil be 
condJcted in French. Students may attend on 
regular or occasIOnal basis. In USB 4070. 
2I»JIOO ,.. - Resume IJVntJng Workshop. 
Learn hoIN to write an e/IectM! resume. Start the 
process here then ha\Ie )'OUt resume critiqued by a 
Career Serllices Center acMsor. A must for o~ 
carrpJS interviewing. In the ~ Formal 
Lounge. 
ZIIIHcOO pili - Orop-In acMsing in open 
sesslOrl for Pre-Medical and Pre-Dental students. 
No appoIntmer1t necessary. but it is acMsatlie to 
call first to confirm that the session will De held. 

. Sponsored by Career SerIIices Center. In the Health 
SClt!nces NM!Dly Program career Planning & 
f'Iacen1erIt Center. Student Center Bldg. 1\ 452-
4939. 
.... 4100 ,.. - The OASIS GM IGrammar & 
Mechanics' \IIIolkshop is desqIed for students 
who would like to work on clarifying basic 
grammatical concepu and categories, and 
~ tnem in ecter1We. ¥tematic series ot 
practical exercises. An exerdse manual to De 
Pl'd1ased by the student will De used. AI work 
will be CDf1llIetrd in the CIlfUIIt of the worksh:Ip. 
In USB 30308. 
~Y 
.... 1 •• _ - The OASIS GM IGrammar & MI!chanla, \IIorkstIlp is desqIed for students 
who would Nile to work on dirifying basic 
grammatical concepts and categories, and 

~ them in ecter1We. systematic series ot 
practical exerdses. An exercise maruaI to De 
Pl'chased ~ the student will De used. AI work 
will De CD"l>Ieted in the CIlfUIIt of the worksh:Ip. 
In USB 30308. 
.......... _ - Drop-in acMsing in open 
session for Pre-Medical and Pre-eenr.I students. 
No appoIntrnent necessary, but it Is acMsabIr to 
call first to confirm that the session will De held. 
Sponsored by Career SerIIices Center . . 1n the 
Sludent Center Bldg. A 452-4939. _ \. 

~ ....... - GridJate AIMsing ~. 
PIrri'lg on grallate school? For Inbmatlon on 
appIiction proceQ.ires. letters of recomml!lldation 
statement or purposes .xl admissions criteria. 
attend one of these seminars by sigr*lg up at 
career SeMces Center, SQJdent Center Bldg. A or 
call 452-4939. 
21 ••• 100 ... - nme Management - 00 )QJ 
ha\Ie time to snq.. get good grades. ecerdse. and 

sod~? The WlIJ we use time deCemines hoIN 
ITIKh we achieye and how satis~ our d¥ are. 
If you're not getting enougIl out of your days. this 
IM)rkshop will shOw you how to take control of 
your .~, plan successful suq. sessions. inck.Ide 
sodal and relaxation time. and get ttYougl the 

~ wittlout the aammng frenzyt Sponsored 
by the OI\SIS Reading & ~ Skills Center. In 
Bldg B Conf. Rm. Sludent Center. 
...... 00 ..... - On<ampus-1nter\IieWing 
Orientation. If you are interested in partidpatIng in 
the ~ InteIVIewing this quarter. it IS 

~ that you attend one of these 
onentatlons before )QJ interview. Sponsored by 
Career Serllices Center. In the Revelle Formal 
lDunge. 

~Y 
.... ..... _ - Speed Reading -l:lJring this 
rntni-course. )QJ can expect td at least double or 

~ your reading speed and learn hoIN to change 
)Our reading rate to suit)'OUl' assigrlments. 'Ibu will 
also learn ~ reading tedY1iques and ~ 
bOth )QJr concentration and CDIT1Jfehenslon. 
Sponsored I¥ the CYUIS Rrading & ~ SkHls 
Center. In TCHB 141. 
_ - Interested in the health professions 7 20 
minutes private appointmenU for career planrlng 
iIIMce for students interested in health careers. 
(ajj in id/irlce for appoWltment but no earlier 
than one week. ltlJ~ and Frlcl"'J. He~ 
ScIences AdIIiSOl)' Program 452-4939. In the 
Student Center Bldg. A 
ZIOO-JIOO ..... - Interviewing Skills WOrkshop. 
00 you need help in preparing for job intenAews: 
Some ~s on the !leSt ways to present )QJr 
qualifications and what kind of intervrew 
questions to expect Sponsored ~ c.eer 5eMces 
Center. In the Rellefle Formal lDunge. 
............. - Career Paths A::Ir Mental Health 
Pro~s: Professionals In psychiatnc social 
1M)(/(. psychiatry and dinical pSychologf will o~ 

perspea~ on dillerslty of career opportunities. In 
the Student Center North Conf. Rm. 
....aAY 
..... 0100 _ - The I..anguage Program Levef I 
& II - Thls OI\!iIS program focuses. on the thinkWlg 
skills )QJ need [0 sucussfu/tt handle the reading 
and writing tasks assigned in )QJr courses.. It Is 
desi!1JeCl for those who want to perfKt their 
Englis/'l language skiNs. LP classes are taught by 
reldng and writing specialists and bihn9Jal tutors. 
LP is presented by the OASIS Reading & IXhIting 
Center. In USB 406M. 
I .... Z ... pili - Resume Wliting ,",rkshop. 
LNm how to III/I'lte an ~ resume. Start the 
process here then '-your resume critiqued I¥ a 
Career Serllices Center a<Msor. 1\ must for on-
CiJII1lUS interviewing. In [he RrIIeIIe Formal 
lDunge. 

Services/Workshops 
MONDAY~Y 
... _ ... n. , ...... pili-Does stress 

~)QJ7 Last ~ ttis quarterl Answe-)OUr 
questions about blood pressure. skin and colds at 
the Sludent Health ~ run ~~ Shoppe 
- Self care centers at Student Health Service. IIrst 
floor near first 1oI:JIly. 
MONDAY ,. 
9100 _Il00 ... - seH-care CenterS reopen 
for Spring QaUr. Student Heafth M<ocates CiWl 
d1eck your blood pressure, iWlSwe- questions 
abOut CDId and skin care. In the Student Health, 1st 
floor. 
..... _ .... pili - Cancrr and Smoking: 
Come to the North Conh!renCt' Room and talk 
IMth a BIoMed Club member about smoking and 
cancer. Information, lung machine. pamphlets. In 
the Nortt1 Cont. Rm. 
............ - Open house at Sludent Health 
seMCt'. II!freshrnerlts and meet the starr Informal~ 
- First 1Ioor, Cont. lim. PrIZe drawing for survey 
partiqlants. 
..... 7108 ..... - GRE Prep Course - This prep 
cdIrse for the GrackJate Record ElIiIIn pn:Mdes a 
CQRl)Iete practice exam for the ~ test. as 
well as SIT~ for scoring well on the verbiJ/. 
analytical reasoning. and math seCtions. 
Information about app~ to and getting 
accepted I7j lJackJate schools. plus stress 
reduction techniques IMII also be presented. 
M:lnday and WedrlesdiIy .... 7 pm. Sponsored by 
the OASIS Center .xl Career PIanr*1g and 
I'Iaa!ment In HL 1160-
n.lDAY 
MO _ .110 ... - Me« your pharmacist at 
SIudI!nt He~ Rrcziye a free polson control 
stldcer tor )'OUt prone. SeIf-Care Centers ha\Ie 
information about sklr: and cold OTC 
medications. In SHS. 1' ... _ ...... -StudentHea/ttl~ 
will be at Willren Commons to do blood pressure 
chedcs from 11:30-1:30. Free -Comeftndoutwhat 
)OUrS isl 
......... pili - 00 you want to know more 
about sexuality and birth CIlI'IbOI?1f so. attend the 
birtt1 CIlI'IbOI inIormaI:lOI1 session Both male and 
IIemaIe studl!nts _ welcome. Session is 5I1OngIy 
suggested tor lI(,t)men's Clinic patients and meIr 
pIRnerS. ~ and disnlSSion format In the 
SIudent Health ~ -~ klunge ¥ea. 
_DMlDAY 
.t .. __ .110 ... -It's your ~ - ctIed< It 
wt Learn more about tIW self are skills IIitaI to 
;our health - ~cular seIf-ecam and breast self 
exam . .bin us in the North conf. Rm. to see films. 
ge't ~ and practice skills. 
............. - Enhandng Socill SkIlls Group 
- Meet new Iriends, dewlap and ~ 
Interpersonal and social skills through 
presentation and practice in a~. ~ 
!1OUP atmosphere. ~ by Cr. ~IeBastien and 
Bob IMn of ~ SerIIices. Open to all 
UCSD men and women students whl identify with 
being sly or reserved. MeetsatHlIOOlinterested 
SIUdInIs pIN5e call RDctleIIe at 452-3755 to SI(1l 
up. 
~.... ,.. - The WOmern CNnic's 
IIVeaIesdiy BIrth Control /nforlllltion 5ession will 
lie netd this weO'1esday q. Drop by to diIcuss 
yo4I 5eJWiI hNth and CDnCr~ needs. Both 
men and women are encourlge'd to attend. 

~taIrs at Student Health seMcr lounge. 
1MI~Y 
.... __ ...... - Student Hea/th1\lMlcates 
ISHI\J ¥e a/ailable to ctIed< your blood pressure at 

~Comrnons. It ___ ...... - Plaque Control - learn 
IIOUl how to prMl'lt dental pt«*:i'b for .. ~ from 
dnaI tWer1ist at SIudent HNItt\ 1st 1kIor. 
~y 
, ....... Me ... - SIrln en and SIdn 
CWar. 0IIdc wit! a dIriNmkIgIIt II ~ 
..... ......,.. ..... 111* tID 

- - - - - - - ----- - ----- -- - ~ 

Meetings 
MONDAY 
4110,.. Organizational meeting for 
IntTtXtletlOn to Radical Economics Stua,.Group, In 
CirouncMfork Books. Student Center. 
11M ... - Join the RetydIng Coop lor clirlner at 
the Che ~ at our first rTII!eUlg of the quarter. At 
(heChe Ca~. 
...... - Organizational meemg lor ,",men. 
Authority and the Famitt snq. group. In the 
Groundwork Books. Student Center. 
1UUDAY 

~.... ..... - Due to O\IerWhefming 
response. the Students \IIIIth Hart - UCSD 
rneoetlng scheduled for noon next Tuesday in TEH 
302 has been rI'Oo'ed to the North Conf. Rm. 
... ... - Organizational meeting for 
Imperialism n Cenual America s~ group. In 
Groundworlc Books, Student Center. 
........ -internatlonal Club meetings are ~ 
\NI!ek. It's your chana! to gNe ifllut on what kind 
of international events you want to~. In 
aCldtlon. 111M some fantastic exc:tlange students 
~ tea and cookiesl EYeI)one wemmel 
.110 ..... - Organizational meeting for 
I\pproprlate Technology study group. In 

~ Books, Student Cerur. 
...... - Organizational meemg lor F~I 
to the Working Class s~ group. In Groundwork 
Books, Student Center. 
_ON PlAY 
ZIOO ... - All SooologiSU and other social 
people: .Join the Sodolo!lf ClubI Meetng in HSS 
7067. 
11M .... - Drganizational ~ lor So\IIet 

----- -~ --- - - - -- --

- - - - --- ~ -- -

- -

- --- - ---

Lhion stuOj group. In GroundWork Books. 
Student Center. 
... pIII- Organizational meeting for TheoIy of 
Collective study group. In Groundwork Books . 
Student Center. 
7100 pili - Organizational m~tlng for 
Introcluction to MancisrrH.enWllSm for No~ 
Marxist-leninisU. In GroundlNork Books. Student 
Center . 
lHURSMY 
.180 ,.. - Student Affiliates of the American 
01efTlical Society's first rneeU1g ofthequarterl Find 
out about all our exciting ideas lor this quarter's 
activities. Don't miss Itl UH 1000. 
IllllDAY 
1100 _ - RENU meeting. A student 
organizatIOn addr~tr needs and interests of 
other reemy UCSO students. I Those out of school 
for 5 years,. In the Muir Provost Conf. Rm. HSS 
2148. 
.100 pili - Organizational meeting for 
Community OrganiZing study group. In 
GrouncMlork Books. Student Center. 
IlOO ..... - Organizational meeting for critICism 
and self-criticism st~ group. in GroundlNork 
Books. Sludent Center. 
... pili - Hi there folks I ~ are tlere still for this 
quarter. Come and see hOw much we do for you. 
Are ttlere no curious ones out mere 7 We meet 
Fridays in APM 2101. 
SUNDAY 
7 ........... - The CSA election for 84/85 
WIll be held then a chinese movie De will De shown. 
Sponsored ~ the Chinese Student Association. In 
PH loa 

Religious Functions 
MONDAY-PRIDAY 
.... ..... - catholic Mass. Sponsored by the 
Canl/ic Cornrrunity at UCSO. In the Ulillerslty 
wttleran Church. 
MONDAY 
IlOO ... - Are you feeling sick. cIscourilQed Of 
1onet(7 Your Fatner-Mother God made you h~ of 
these seeming dltllcultlesl At our ~ C1Tlstiar'I 
Org meetW1g5. students tell aboUt their own 
healings throu!11 an understanding ot the law of 
inllnite LOIIe. AU are welcome. In the Revelle 
Informal lDunge. ~ 
7.. ,.. - The Asian American Ctvistian 
Fellowshp has ar~. /MCFl. We want to invite 
you to our ~11owshp. Eve!)'one IS wefcome. ue 
Berkeley griKlJate Mr. Allen Lee will De our guest 
speaker. "Making Your College Year Count for 
Chflst" WIll De his topic. In the North Cont. Rm. 
TUUDAY 
7 .. pm - "Are You Catholic But Don't Know 
IXIhyT A Catholic Discussion Group focusing on 
thiS week's toPIc. Sponsored by the Cathohc 
Community at UCSO. In the Lounge of the 
L.hlllet'Sity Lutheran Church. 
M:ONUDAY 
tIOO _ - Lutheran Student Group ~ 
process Easter mailing. In the lDunge of the 
l.hiYersity Lutheran ChurCh. 
6100 pili - l.utheran SludenU host supper and 
Bible s~. ~ IS wekDme. In the lDungeof 
the Ul~ Luttleran Ch.lrch. 
7 ....... - "Death and Dting" seminar with grief 
counselor corJllIeteS len[en ecumenical series, 
sponsored by Catholics, Lutherans and 
Episcopalians, open to alUn the lDunge of the 
U'1M!rsity Luttleran Church. 
10 ........ - Cancteligx Mass. Sponsored ~ the 
catholic ConYrunity at UCSO. In the Chapel at the 
L.hillerslty Lutheran Church. 
lHUMDAY 
.. 45 pili - lhu~ Night Dimer. Enjoy good 
food and good con-p.Y¥. Sponsored I¥ the 
Catholic Cornrrunity at UCSD. In the lDunge of the 
Ullllet'Sity Luttleran Ch.lrch. $2. 
7 .. pili - Cat/1oijc Bible Study. Make nt!VV 
disCOlleries and new friends. Sponsored I¥ the 
CatholIC Cornrrunlty at UCSD. In the lDunge ot the 
L.hiversity Luttleran Church. 
NIDAY 
7100 ..... - Miniature Golf and Ice Cream Social. 
sponsored I¥ the catholic Student Coordinators. 
Meets at Ulillerslty Luttleran Ch.lrch. La Jolla 
Shores Drive and N. Torrey Pines. Mnis.slon S4. 
SATUDAY 
SlOG pm - Catholic Mass. Sponsored I¥ the 
Catholic Community at UCSD. In the Unillersity 
wtneran Ch.lrch. 
SUfomAY 
1100 & .0100 _ - EpIscopal Church \it.tlrshp 
Selvice: Sunday Eucharist and Parish ~lOwship. 
Palm Sunday. Good Samaritan Episcopal Church 
4321 Eastgate Mall Across Genesee from east end 
cI c.an'1pUS. north of La Jolla 'v1/1age Dr. Intl!rseCtion 
of Eastgate Mall and Genesee. 
IIJO _ - Palm Su~ Mass. Sponsored by the 
Catholic Community at UCSO. In the Unillersity 
Luttleran Ch.lrch. 
10r10 _ - Catholic Mass. Sponsored by the 
Catholic Community at UCSD. In the Student 
Center. Bldg. B. lDwer i..eIIeI. Otrice of RelIgious 
"'''airs. 11 ... _ & 7100 pili - Lutheran Palm Su~ 
processional and Communion service. All are 
weICDrne. In the ctlapeI of the University Lutheran 
Church. 
SIOO .... - Palm Su~ Mass. Sponsored by the 
Catholic Community at UCSD. In the LhNersity 
wttleran Church. 
.... pm - Folk Mass on Palm Sunday. Good 
samaritan Episcopal Church 4321 Eastgate Mall. 
Across Genesee from east end of campus north of 
UI Jolla \t1liage Dr. at Eastgate and Genesee. 



for the lJ, Martell 

LEII<EMIA & CANCER 
Research Foundation 

FREE Albums, Posterl etc. 

musIc by 
dancing with Michael Jackson, 

Culture Club, Wham, Nina Hagen, 
Cindy Lauper, Elvis Costello, 

Malcolm McLaren & more!!! 

IK:SID>1r 's Mobile Disc Jockey Unit! 

SAT. APRIL 14 REVELLE CAfe 
9:30 pm 

Help stop one of America's number one killers, 
and have fun at the same tlmel 

Donations: 

$1.50 Students 
TODAY ... 

11 1 
'10 

:9 

$2 

.8 4. 
. 7 6 ? 

KSDT can be heard on 
540 AM UCSD Campus 
& on 95,7 FM Cox Cable 
& soon on Southwestem 

General Public Cable, 

THEN AT ... 

The UCSD Union of Jewish Students invites 
you to join In celebrating a Kosher 

Passover 
Seder 

for the CIIIIPUI connunlty 

when: Tuesday, April 17 at 8:00 pm 
whe,.: ~evelle Cafeteria, UCSD 
cost: $1.00 w/UCSD meal card 

$6.50 w/o meal card 

Tickets must be purchased at 
the UCSD Box Office from 

April 3 to April 13 
or at the Jewish Campus Center 

until Apri 10. 
Any questions, please call th~ UJS Otrlc~ 

452-3616 
or Jewish Campus Centers, 583~80 

TOMORROW ... 

12:00 NOON 
Filing Closes tor 
AllUCSD 

5:00 p.m. TODAY 
Mandatory Candidates 
Meeting in the 

8:00 a.m. 
Campaigning 
Begins ... 

Council Positions. North Conference Room. HURRYlI 

Brought to you by your Blue Ribbon 
Elections Committee ... 

• Any Questions, please stop by the Student Organizations 0111ce 
. in the Student Center (x4083). 

April 9, 1984 13 

No, really, is reality. really. real? 

I'm not gouna deal with it - you deal with it! 
By l.l. BREAUX 

Have you ever wondered : what IS 
reaP What IS '-Lally re.lI? What really I~ 
the rcal reality? 

Or thIS. what tS unreal? II you knll\v 
it, II you feel It , t<lSle II , touch It or set' 
It , then It must be real. How could We' 
perceive something, in one way or 
another, and then say it is not real? For 
us to sense it, it must have a reality of 
some kind, it must be there somehow. 

So - as soon as I sense something, 
that makes it real. I perceive something, 
and then it exists for me: But does it 
actually follow that everything I perceive 
tS real? Because if it does, then nothing 
is unreaL But wait. If nothing is unreal, 
then nothing can be real, either. Think 
on this: norhing is real, and norhing is 
unreaL 

The late science fiction writer Philip 
K Dick had a more practical. day-to-day 

My brain sometimes 
wanders off into strange 
areas because I cannot 
leave well enough alone. 

definition of reality. He said, "Reality is 
that which comes back, You cannot 
shake or ignore reality. It hangs on and 
hangs on and it will not let go. It always 
comes back and, because you cannot 
lose it, no matter how hard you might 
try . you should learn how to deal with it 
face [0 face ." 

A discriminating reader can see the 
difference between how I treat reality 
and how Dick treated reality. I treat it as 
an absolute thing, in my mind; I treat it 
as concept. This allows me to play 
around until I come up with the 
seemingly nonsensical idea that nothing 
is unreal, which leads us to the 
conclusion that nothing is real, either, 
because you cannot have something 
without its opposite . I play around with 
ideas in my head. Dick's definition 
relates to life. If you faD down and bump 
your head. for example, you have faDen 
down and bumped your head. The pain 
will not go away until it heals, so you 
had beuer sit down and relax until you 
feel better. 

Have you tvcT looIted in the mirror and wondered if you were really there; or if there was 
really then: in the jirsl place? 

There is a huge gap between Dick's 
practical definition and my theorectical 
definition . It seems [0 me that Dick's 

definition is a lot more useful than mine 
is, because it is a rule you can li ve your 
life by. You could just wait, when 
something you're not sure of happens, 
and see if it happens again. If it affects 
you again, you had better do something 
about it. My definition , that nothing is 
real and nothing is unreal, seems by 
comparison to be intellectual wordplay, 

PASSOVER 
1984 - 5744 

Monday Evening, April 16 
through 

Tuesday, April 24 
For Passover Seder in1onnation,call 

Jewish Campus Centers of San Diego 
583-6080 

.... ~ .. ,~ ......................................... ~-----------.-. 

useful only to those of us who like to do 
a little inteUectual wordplaying from 
time [0 lime. 

So Dick's definition concerns our 
actions in the world . It defines reality in 
terms of living. Obviously, this is a good 
thing to do, since we are aU concerned 
about our bves and the lives of each 
other. To say "nothing is real and 

nothing is unreal" - that's great. Can I 
borrow a few bucks for lunch? 

I have this habit of trying to make 
connections between the things in my 
mind and the things in the world . My 
brain sometimes wanders off Into 
strange .lreas because I cannot leave well 
enough alone. I just have (0 try to put 
put ideas into new and strange 
configurations. It's a worthwhile thing to 
do, I suppose, and I do it, like I said , 
out of habit. Some people like to play 
with their hair. I prefer driving myself 
into confusion and craziness by 
thinking roo much . 

With this little piece of information 
about myself, you can probably guess 
what comes next. This is it: how do we 
connect Dick's practical definition of 
reality, something you can use day-to-
day, with an abstract definition , 

We can not live very 
well without thinking, 
and we cannot think 
very well without living. 
something which exists only in the 
mind? More to the pOint, how do we 
connect our instinctive rules for living 
with the inteUectual thoughts in our 
heads? 

Both have their places. We cannot 
live very well without thinking, and we 
cannot think very well without living. 
The world out there, the world outSide 

. your thoughts - the world outside of 
you, period - exists. But your thoughts 
exist too, inside your head, as the 
possibilities, morals and ideals which 
bounce around clamoring for attention . 

What is the connection between 
these twO different worlds? The 
connection is simply reality. Reality is 
the connection we make between the 
world inside our head and the world 
outside. Neither the world inside nor 
the world outside is In itself reality, 
because both depend on each other to 
make reality, and where there is no 
fusion between these twO worlds, there 
is no reality. The more people manage 
to connect their thoughts with the 
world . the more real they reaUy are in 
real touch with the most realistic real 
reality. 



The UCSD Student Lobby Lobbying contest! 
Who: All UC D tudents. 0 lobbYing experience IS necessary! 
How: Each week, look for our ad In the /IS Bulletin explaining the bill / issue of the 
week. You'll find an explanation of the faCtS, plus a list of governmental declslon-
makers to wme. 
When: The comest stans April 9, lOday and ends June I 

PRIZES -
Best Leiter - 4000 Leiters wIll be Judged on the basis of effectiveness, humor and 
creativity. BCSI A~WllCtHS - 530.00 We are comlnually looking for new and clever 
ways of arguing the Issues. Most COIlSISleIlI - $20.00 Most legislators are truly 
lin pressed by a group that can stick With it. ThiS award goes to the student(s) who 
write the most leiters and every week. Look for official rules and your first lobbYing 
assIgnment below. 

RULES -
I . All entries must be typed on 8 1/2 x 11 paper In a sta.nc\ar business letter format , 
with a return address and the address of the legislator. 
2. The letter should be clear, concise and stick to the point. 
3. The letter should be sent to one or more of the legislators listed. 
4.Make a photocopy of each letter se nt, and bring it in to the /IS office aboye EDNA 
to enter the comest You will be reimbursed fo r postage and for the photocopy for 
each letter sem. 
5. Letters will be Judged next quarrel' according to the gUidelines above. Winners 
recclve a cash prize plus an opponunaty to go to a legislative conference in 
Sacramento, to learn more about lobbymg and the legislature. 
6. This contest is open to anyone, lncluding UCSD faculty, staff and alumw. Entries 
may be sent in to our offace; the address is: UCSD tudent Lobby Annex, 8-023, La 
Jolla, CA. 92093. 
7. Good luck. 

The Bil~ and how to lobby it, this weelr -
AB 1910 by Campbell: Health ProfessIOnal Loan Repayment Program. ThIS measure 
would establish , in statue, a loan repayment program for medical professionals 
who agree to practice in deSignated health manpower shortage areas after 
graduation . 

For example, If you were in medical school, and had obtained student loans to 
pay for your education , thiS bill would repay those loans if you opted to practice In 
underserved areas' Areas where health care is not eaSily avallable( ThiS bill will aid 
doctors in getting out of debt, and more importantl>', will aid the poor who have 
slgmficant difficulties In obtaining adequate health care. 

The bill was passed In senate finance committee on March 27,1984. The ball is 
now due to be heard on the senate floor. THe bIll Will pass the senate floor - more 
than enough legislators have commltled to voting fo r the bill. The only obstacle 
between thIS bIll and passage is Governor George Deukmejian. Write the Governor 
at this address: Governor George DeukmeJlan , State Ca pI tol, acramento. CA. 
95814. 

Radio programming for credit 
KSDT Onentation 199 Thursday 7:00 pm. Class explores the 

excitement, thnUs, panorama, politics, and pandemonium of purely 
progressive programming. Forget your passive past and proceed to 
the palace of KSDT and become an active pan of our profoundly 
pleasing radio station. 

Gay Telephone Counseling Service 
This service enables students to talk confidentially with gay peer 

counselors and yet remain anonymous, and is available Monday 
through Friday, from 7 pm to 10 pm. It can be reached by dialing 
452-GAYS. Offered by Counseling & Psychological services. 

Spring quarter EMSSA meetings 
Mondays at 9 am. Second floor of the student center above the 

gameroom. Elections for next year's officers coming soon so act now. 
If unable to attend the meetings leave a not on the EMSSNSAM/ PLEA 
office door (gameroom 4). 

Have lunch with the Chancellor 
The ReveUe CAB is sponsoring a brown bag lunch with Chancellor 

Atkinson on April 13th from noon to 1 pm in the North Conference 
Room. Everyone is welcome to chat with the Chancellor about 
commuter concerns and issues. 

Attention Korean Club members 
We wiD be holdin&.,8 yearly mandatory GENERAL MEETING as 

follows. We be e~ctinl ne", year's officers and discuss spring 
quaner's activiry. Please plan to auend. Today (April 9) at 7 pm in 
USB 3010, 

Come to a Kosher Passover Seder 
The UCSD Union of Jewish Students invites you to join in 

celebrating a Kosher Passover Seder for the campus community. 
Tuesday, April 17 at 8 pm in the Revelle Cafeteria. $1.00 w! UCSD 
meal card . $6.50 wl o meal card. Tickets must be purchased at the 
UCSD Box Office from April 3 to 13 or at the Jewish Campus Center 
until April lO. For more information caU 583-6080. 

Get real election experience 
Wanted: Student interns to work on elections for spring and 

summer. Democratic Congressional Candidate for the 43rd District 
needs help with: issue research , media, public relations, general 
campaign work. The candidate is a UCSD student. For more info, call 
Lois Humphers at 436-2296 or Tom ElWin, campaign coordinator at 
436-4429 or contact ASI0. 

Was the media wrong? 
"NBC in Lebanon: A case of Media Misrepresentation. A film about 

the u.s press coverage of the Israeli invasion of Lebanon. Thursday, 
April 12 at 5 pm in the Revelle So. Dining Room (Why Not Here). 
Sponsored by Israel Action Committee. 

Open public hearings will be held on the AS 
constitution. All input welcome. April 16 from 4:30 to 
6:30 pm and April 17 from 3 to 5 pm in the North 
Conference Room. Further dates to be announced. 

Padres vs. Dodgers! 
Friday, April 27th at 7:05 pm. San Diego Jack Murphy Stadium, 

Loge sections 35-39, $6.00 per ticket. Limited number of tickets- at 
box office, or caU PhylliS Campbell, x2742. Sponsored by UCSD Staff 
Association . 

The great outdoors at UCSD 
The UCSD Outing Club presents: 'The American Expedition to 

Kangtega ," a major unclimbed Himalajan Peak. Talk and Slide show. 
Tuesday, April 10 at 7 pm in the recreation gym conference room. 

Talk to the. Selective SelVice 
, 

April 25 at noon on the gym steps, Tom Turnage, the national 
director of tne Selective Service will hold an open forum for students. 
Free. Presented by ASUCSD programming. 

The deepest club on campus 
The first meeting of spring quarter for the SCUBA Club will be held 

Wednesday, April 11 at 8 pm in HL 1402. There will be a slide 
presentation by Scripps Aquarium and a SCUBA gear raffle. 

Monty 
Ufo oj BnIItt be shoWQ. y, April 14 at 9 I pm in 

USB 2722 at $1.:cKl. Tickets at the box otbc~ and &he~. 8luu&hllO 
you by the KOII ., The Pub and the AS. 

Start this quarter off on the right foot. 
Get your 

AS Lecture Notes today! 
Spring 1984 
Bio 1 Pinon $9.00 
Bio 3 Woodruff $9.00 
Bio 101 Friedkin $10,00 
Chern 6B Wurrey $9.00 
Chern 6C Marti $9.00 
Chern 6C Oesterreicher $9.00 
Chern 140B Kyte $10.00 
Cornrn/SF 100 Hallin $10.00 
Physics 2C Stem $9.00 

We are located right across from the food coop in the 
Student Center. Open M 9-4; Tu 9-11, 1-4; W 9-4; 

Th 9-11, 1-4; F 9-3. 

We also have past subscriptions: Bio i (W'84), Bio 15 (S '83), 
Bio 106 (S '83), EECS 70 (F '82), Hist 2C (5 '83), Math 2DA. 

Internships, Internships, Internships 
Associated Students Internship Office (ASia) has a summer 

internship program for you! Summer programs allow students to 
fulfill graduate school prerequisites and gain advance work 
experience without the additional pressures and time constraint of 
academic course loads. Deadlines for California and San Diego 
programs are April 13 and 27 respectively. Eor more infonnation, 
come to the. AS Internship Office in the student center above the 
gameroom or caU x4689. Don't waste this summer. do an internship! 

Need an escort across campus? 
The UCSD escon service works 365 days a year from 5 pm to 1 :30 

am. Community Service Officers are radio dispatched and there is 
no charge. 452-4360. 

Open forum group for Lesbians 
The Lesbian Discussion Group meets Tuesdays 4-5:30 in the 

Women's Resource Center. The Lesbian suppOrt group invites all 
women to join our discussion group this quarter. We have scheduled 
a quarter-long program, and we urge you to join us Tuesday 
afternoon. 

This week's Che happenings! 
Wednesday, Aprilll - All you can eat spaghetti! 5-7 pm for $3.00 

Live Jazz! You'll love it. Saturday, April 14 - An evening of exotic folk 
rock. 3 bands only $2.00. The Cutting Edge - SOCially conscious folk 
rock, followed by the Neophytes, alternative folk, plus Rushing Water 
electroniC progreSSive folk tunes. It all begins at 7 pm. Don't miss it! 

Is there law school in your future? 
Pre-Laws, come to the first PLEA (Pre-Law Education Assoc.) 

meeting of the quarter, Thursday, April 12 at 4 pm in the lounge 
above the student center game room. 

Don't Miss This! 
The 1984 UCSD 

Semi-Fonllal 
May 19th at the 

Sheraton Harbor Island 
• Exquisite hors d 'oeuvres • 

Dance to Dirk Debonaire and the Rebel 
Rockers on seperate stages from 8 to 2 am 
Tickets are $9.00 per person and 'are-on sale at the Box 
Office during finals and aU next quarter. Presented by 

ASUCSD Programming. 



-l 

When will it ever stop1 

UCSB, UCSC, UCSD, UCSE, UCSF, UCSG, ... 
By BIll HESS 

Have you ever wondered why so man)' 
states choose boring names for their puhlk 
universities} It seems as though every puhlIc 
school in the country IS a U ntvcrsity 01 
Something or a Something Slate Universlry. 
BeSides the kick 01 creJtivlty this repre 'ents, Il 
C.1n cause ..I trememlous Itlcnmy criSIS lor the 
w lleges and their students. 

How many people can properl)1 distinguish 
between the U l1I"erslty of uregon anti uregon 
State UniverSity? Between the UniverSity l)f 

~lkhlg.1Il Jnd Michigan ' tJte? Or between the 
Un iversl[Y 01 Ari=ona and Anzon.1 ~tate? 

The problem IS compounded tn states with 
masslw publi systems diVided tnto br • .IIlch 
campuses, as IS the case III C.l lilornia. The 
California State Universilles and Colleges 
system consists 01 111 ~choob Identified h)' 
sllnilar-soundi ng, tedious n.lmes. I'm sure 
students at these schools get tired 01 wmlllg 
"CJliforniJ State Ul1IversltY..lt onhndge:' or 
whatever, on job and student loan 
Jpplkations. When these labels are shoncned 
10 names like San Diego State or fresno State , 
the indiVidual schools aU blem.l together, 
making I[ ditTkult for any 01" thcm to est.ahlish 
its own nalional regUlation. 

Here at the UIlIIlfFSity of Calilornia we also 
sufl"er from this identllY problem. Except for 
Berkeley and UCLA, m)' person.11 expenence 
has been that people outsl(..Ie of Californi.\ 
cannot distinguish belween the UC schools In 
any slgnilicant way, and I believe the 
slmilamy of the schools' names is a major 
reason . Let's face it, 10 an outsldcr, how 
dlO'erenl C::1n the Ul1Ivcrslty 01 Calilornia at 
Santa Barbara be lrom lhe University 01 
California aI Santa Cruz' An<...l these namcs arc 
m.lkulousl)' long III lhe first place . 
- upen.:ahfragilisticexplahdocious" has 
founeen syllables. "Ulliversil}' of Calilornla at 

~.m Diego" has "Iteen. 
As With the Cal 'Late sehools, shom'uts <...10 

not solve the Itkntll)' prohlcll1 lor UC schools. 
It h..ls become ~tylI,h to rder to the nillc UC 
C.II11pUSCS ny thclr .lhbrc"lalions, so thaI lhe 
school 111 Irvine bl'comes UCI and the one III 
DaVIS becoml's UCD. However. un the b.ISIS 01 
these .lbhrc"i<lllOnS, hoI\' Gill an outsiuer 
UISllllgUISh belWl"t'n UCD and UCI. or UCSB, 
UC:,C, ..Inu UC~D? 

Il IS evcn worse lor e\\' York sruueills. rhe 
)t..lte Univcrslty of Nc\\ York ,ysto:m. \\Iuh b4 
Gunpu,cs, I, Ihe large..,t UlllvcrSlty s)"stcm In 
the world . Its schools m.I)' .11'0 h.lvc some of 
the world 's longest name,. Im.lgll1O: writing 
"SI<lIC UlliverSl ty 01 New York College at 
Geneseo" on all }'our jon ~lppht:oltiOns . Eilt:h 01 
Ihe schools carrlcs such a !.the I, lhough It IS 
usually shorteneu to SUNY ,It Bulla.lo, SUNY .It 
Alban), and so lonh However, thcse shoncuts 
sountl more hke wemhcr loree.lsts than 
uiliversitlcs. The IUCllmy t:risis persists. 

Some states haw succcssfully .lvOided such 
tragedies 01 nomendalurc. The College 01 
Wllll;lm and Maty is oper.lled hy thc Slate of 
Virgmia. Purdue University, in Indmna, is also 
a state schoul, as IS lhc Colorado School 01 
Mines. As these colleges demonstmtc, pubht: 
schools need not hJve dull names. 

However, if a state somcwhere IS about to 
name a new st:hool uSlllg the words "state:' 
"or." or "university" III somc combi natlon,\1 
suggest that it follow the lead uf a college m 
Muncie, Indiana , and usc at leJS! one word 01 
substance. The school is Ball Stale University. 
Job apphcants who CJn say the)' graduated 
trom a school named Ball State are cerlam to 
be hired. Irs basketbJIl and lootball tcams 
have been out 01 the Top 10 lor ye..lrs, but 
net:ausc of IlS name, Ball State's dlsti nClion 
lives on. 

ONOPOL 
TaUANA~NT 

.PM 

ANTHONY BRAXTON 
A THONY BRAXTO is a multi-instrumentalist/ 
composer who has been acclaimed as lhe renaissance 
man of avant-garde Jazz. As the originator and 
popularizer of the solo saxophone concell, Braxton 
has evolved an aesthestic that combines jazz 
improvisation with the structural sophistication of 

wwwww 
contemporary classical music. 
G.A. $5.00, UC5D 5T. $3.00 

APRIL II, WEDNESDAY, 8:00 P.M, 
MANDEVILLE AUDITORIUM 

UCSD Box Office 6z Ticketron: 452-4559 

~N Ta uc.a "ADI. __ TY •• TUaIINT8 a .TA~ 
NIl •• 

___ - A~TD==US2'.1N 
~ NATla ..... L ~ARK'" -. .,.. ...... MIINT 

SIgn up and deloitl at x4007 
Con'lQl"l1liew AdmInistrofl .... 0IIk::es 
Deoartment c:A Phvsicol Educallon 

UCSD women grab Cal Cup. 

Simply Classic 
By JOHN SCHACHT 

When it comes 10 crew racing, the 
University of Washmgton Huskies can 
do a pretty mean imitation of hockey's 
New York Islanders. Like the perennial 
winners of hockey's Stahley Cup. the 
Huskies are making a lradition out of 
winning the Cup, that is, the San Diego 
Crew Classic's illustrious Husky Cu ... 
oops, I mean Copley Cup (sony. it', 
becoming ralher difficult to disassociate 
the two). This past Salurdayon Mission 
Bay, Washington "dynastically" did it 
again, comfonably wi!1ning both the 
men's Copley and women's Whittier 
Cups. lhe Classic's twO big prizes. 

The Huskies' domination was 
efficient, to say tht: least. One of the lOp 
five rowing teams in the country, lhe 
Husky men and women raced in a total 
of seven races Saturday. and won all 
seven - most by a rather large margin. 
Using a revolulionary shell wuh lhe 
coxswain in front. the men went on to 
wm lheir Sixth Copley Cup in 11 tries, 
while the women won the Whittier Cup 
for the founh time III six tries. ' 

UCSD's men's coach Jon Lawson 
reiterated the obvious: '"They I the 
Huskiesl.&c.e crew racing quite 
seriously. After all, the crew's donns are 
in a .,bpalhouse over a lake." Whelher or 
not their marine surroundings have 
helped transfonn these ordinary men 
and women into amphibiOUS creatures 
capable of super-aqauatic feats. we'll 
never know, bUl one thing is for sure: 
these people know how 10 row, row. 
row their boats qUicker across the bay 
than anybody else. Again. 

Even though Washmgton dominated 
the Classic's main events. plenty of 
other learns provided a lot of 

emenammem III some (quite frankly) far 
more exciting races. UCSD was one of 
these teams, although the group's Jekyll 
and Hyde performance provided its 
share .of the thnll of victory. the agony 
of defeal and the frustration of 
disqualificalion. 

The Trii:ons' day began on a sour nOle 
at 6:40 am when the women's Novice 8 
learn broke a rudder at the stan of the 
first heat and veered into the adjoining 
lane, ending the day for both the 
Trilons and MiUs College. But as a 
ponent of lhings to come, the women 
picked up the pace by winning the first 
Women's California Cup Heal, covering 
the 1,000 meters in a nifty 3:44. 

UCSD's roller-coaster performance 
contillued when the men 's Novice 8 
team finished a disappointing sixth III 
what Lawson called "a very tough field," 
a fun 32 seconds behind Slanford, the 
heat's winner. Fifteen minutes later in 
the first Great American Cal Cup heat, 
the men's team finished only four 
seconds behind the winner in a slrong 
showing, only to blow a lead later in the 
day in lhe last 250 meters of the final 
Cal Cup and wind up third. "That was a 
very tough race," said Lawson. "We 
followed our race plan perfectly for most 
of the race, and then feU out of it at the 
very end. We quickened our strokes like 
we should have, but unfortunately 
shone ned lhe stroke at Ihe same nme. 
Our motors Ithe oars] weren't in lhe 
waler long enough 10 pull it out." 

lawson's Lightweight 8 learn finished 
founh in the first heat, narrowly missing 
lhe finals . ' We didn't row with any fire," 
bemoaned the coach. "We didn't row 
badly, but we didn't do anything special 

DEJECTION - The UCSD men 's Lightweight 8 Jailed to qualiJY jor the finals in the ClaSSIc. 

FREE TRAVEL GIFT 
Purchase a Round Trip Flight to Europe or Asia with ClEf at 
our low student airfares between now and April 20 and receive 

one of the following gifts of your choice: 

• International Student 1.0. Card 
• Let's Go Europe Book 

• 

• Passport Carrier / Money Belt 

Contact 
CIEE/COUDCil T .. avel 

452·0630 
4429 c ... St., P.B. for details UCSD St.de.t C .. ter 

-

. 

ECSTASY - UCSD women pulled off their second consecutive All-Cal championship Saturday. 

either. To wm in Ihe Crew Classic, 
you've usually gOl 10 do something 
special." 

The next "( riton team in the waler did 
do something very special, as the 
Women's Cal Cup team capped off a 
fine day by winning the Cal Cup in 
3:46, finishing ahead of two good crews 
from Loyola-Marymoum and Long Beach 
Stale University. Just as imponantly for 
the Tritons, the Cal Cup wm 
automatically qualified the women for 
next year's Whinier Cup, a comeSl in 
which they'll be asked to do the 
seemingl), impOSSible - dethrone Ihe 
Huskies. 

After the disappointing last-second 
loss in the men's Copley Cup, the final 
race including a UCSD team was the 
women's Lightweight 8. By this time, the 
wind had picked up conSiderably, 
helping to slow down the times. That 
obviously didn'l bode well for the 
women's learn, as it finished third 
behind SDSU and USC, seven seconds 
off the pace . 

One of the bigger highlights of the 
day was the ClaSSIC's crowd. An 
estimated crowd of 40,000 people 
showed up 10 join in the marvelous 
atmosphere. With students and alumm 
from such schools as Yale , Harvard and 
the aval Academy compeung and 
cavorting with "SoCal" schools like 
SDSU .lIld Long Beach State, Bahia Poim 
(where most ot the people were) became 

a meeting poim of east and west. And 
when the Ivy League came to sunny 
Soulhern California, [he scene was 
reminiscent of a Fellini film. Half-naked 
bronze men and women on roller skates 
with Walkmans were rubbing shoulders 
with set-jawed, ivory-skinned pipe 
smokers along a packed boardwalk of 
concession stands. A jazz band 
wandered aboul trying to be heard 
above the PA systems while a clown on 
ten-foot stilts walked around doling out 
mementos to the crowd below. The 
smell of beer and pizza was prevalent. 
The Crew Classic's PR material had 
warned of a carnival atmosphere. It was 
right. 

Other highlights from the races 
themselves included the female OlympiC 
teams, who showed their talent by 
running away from the field in the 
White Stag Cup. The Cup was awarded 
10 the University of British Columbia, 
which finished an hour or two behind 
the Olympian hopefuls. One of lhe 
crowd's sentimental favomes, the Diny 
Dozen - a team of aspiring Olympians 
all over the age of 30 - finished 
second III the eXCiting Bonhwick Cup. 

The crew races deservedly drew the 
most attention , but the sideshow 
ambience and cooperalive weather 
helped turn the 11 th Annual San Diego 
Crew Classic imo another success. Now 
if only somebody else would win now 
and then .... 

Best Sale -of the Year 
LAST 

CHANCE! 
Bring this ad to the 

Bookstore and 
Save $15 on 10K Gold 
& $25 on 14K Gold 

Valid only until April 15 



UCSD lacrosse guided by the Pope 
By CHRISTINA KAUS 

La 'rosse - one of Ament:a's onglnal 
games (the IndIans played It' - ha 
long been a hlg Sport on the East Coast. 
Here in C.llifornia. It IS a young SpOrt 
whIch IS expanding and growing "ThIs 
IS very serious bUSiness," a)'s UCSD 
first-year COJch Kevin Pope. He should 
know. He has been pla)'lI1g lauo,se 
since the age of nine. 

In 1982, Pope left ew York and 
came to Cahfornw ro coach the lauos e 
team at Torrey Pine, High 'chool -
one of the few Southern CahlornlJ hIgh 
school lacrosse te.lms. Hired Jwa}' lrom 

ScOIl Stedman dodges inJrom behind the goal. 

Torrey Pine, tocoa ·il here Jt UC~D , 
Pope has already butIt the tcam IntO J 
pmentlal n,ltIonal contender. Although 
the group IS till tet:hnically called a 
club , member, hope to J<.:hlcve 
Inu:rcollegl,ue StatuS soon. 

There Jre .lpproxlmately 20 team 
members "It ha filtered down SlnlC try-
Outs." saId Pope. "Thc guys out here 
now have been here ,lnt:c the 
begll1lllng." At:cordlllg to Pope, there are 
seveml players who Me All-Cal 
<.:ontenders. Stcve M,l}', att,lckmJIl Jnd J 
sophomore Irom Del Mar. IS ranked 
eIghth In the state In point" ,md Philtp 
Johnson , also .m ,ma<.:kman ,lIld a 
sophomore Irom 1 UStln , IS mnked 
eIghth In goals. However. POPI.' ch\lms 
that all hIS player, .Ire Stctrs 

With the season more than h.1lI\\a)' 
over, the Tritons Me 7-3, II1dudlng J 
VI<.:tOry over the Unlverslry of Arizona, 
one of the top teams 111 the nation. 
Although the Tritons arc technically a 
dub, they compete With DiVISIon I 
teams such .1S UCLA, USC and an 
DIego State University, the number-one 
team In the league. The Tritons are 
members of the United States 
IntercollegIate LJ rosse AsSOCIation 
(U lLA) and are classified DIVISIon IA. 

The game consists of te n players per 
team on the fIe ld during fo ur 15-mll1ute 
intervals. The players consIst of th ree 
attackmen, three midfield men, three 
defensemen and one goaltender. ince 
the mIdfield men arc always pla}'ing the 
whole field, they are usually replaced 
during the game. This IS called a 
"midfield change" and It brings the total 
number of players to 13. 

Lacrosse IS an Intense, physlcdl game. 
The sticks, called crosses, resemble 

The honle of the 
35¢ hamburger. 

Under 10 minutes away! 

z 
\ l ... \ , _ 

71.40 Miramar Rd. 
San Diego 
~---.!!!!!~~!!!~~!!!~~!!!!!!~!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!~-I!!!!!I~~"'" ~ Buy one Big Mar:Sandwiclt 

II 
II 
II 

GET ONE 
fREE II JUM p r l.'!K: n t thl~ lUUr"'.1 II whl'n hUYln!l:: ~I RI~ M.u .. ,.,11...1 

you'll ""·': 1 .lIh)l h" .. r BI~ M.I .. II fr,,',,1 lllnit lHh: I.l)Ulxm I',,: r 
\.u,1t lIlll • .' r . I',:r VI",1t 1'1,-•• ,,' 

I',,·,,'nl "UlIl''!.)lI wtll'n 
ohll' rHl~ NOI v,II".1 
Vollh dll'r'ulht.·r u lkr 

( it<ih nluf' I /~jlllf II pn l II 

O nl y at: 
7140 Miramar Rd. 

San Diego 

II I' II 
II 
II 

Valid thru ~ 
_J2~l984, . 
------

IIC,IPOnS , and the hall IS made out 01 
hard , solid rubber. However, unlike rugby 
players, lacrosse players wear protec tive 
headgear. The ball, as Pope commented 
wryly, "can leave a good bruise." 

This season, the Tritons are lookIng 
to the playofTs. Thus lar. they h,\\'e 
he,\lcn UCLA (l4·4) ,md US (23-tn 
Co,lCh Pope IS qUllc proud 01 hiS tcam's 
performance, commenting, "We cue 
plaYlllg good team ball. everyone IS 
LOnmbuti ng." 

Pope wasn't ahle to recru ll for the 

tcam last year. but wll! enJoy that luxury 
thiS year. Pope said. "Wt: nced awfully 
good students - guys who can do well 
in school and still play." So fJ r, he 
hasn 't h.1d omy problems WIth hIS team 
academIcally. . 

Thc Tritons arc coming on strong and 
gCttlllg beuer as the season rolls along, 
but Pope is satisfied wit h just a good 
se.lson. He concluded, "What I really 
want to do IS start a good lac rosse 
tradition." It appears as if Kevin Pope is 
well on hts WJ}' 

Scott Simon clears the baU during San Diego Sta/t 's triumph (JIIer the Tritons. 

• 

UC'Third World 
Student Political 

Action Day 

"Rally Against Racist Violence 
& Attacks on Affirmative Action" 

Campus-wide event to oppose recent 
upsurge in racist violence directed 

toward Third World Studies at U CSD 
and to protest UC's efforts to 
eliminate Affirmative Action 

programs. 

Thursday, April 12 
11:30 - 1:00 pm 

Gym Steps &= Hump 

Running Thoughts 
By JEFF SAVAGE 
Dear Dad, 

I'm back. Sony I haven't written for a while, but I've been rather busy. No, not 
watching Gilligan or tne Beav. I've been busy with school and work and partying and 
gambling. I know you told me not to spread myself out too thin down here , and I've 
taken your advice. Last month I dropped out of school and quit work. Aren't you 
proud? 

Last I wrote to you (through RT's - my only form of correspondence) I was 
discussing the possibility of laying a bundle down on the Raiders in the Super Bowl. 
Wait. Did I write that? Maybe I only talked about the Raiders winning the game. Oh 
well , I thought about laying a bundle down anyway - and l did. I won 510,000. That's 
ten thousand dollars. It was so nice to know that I wouldn't be a financial burden to 
you any longer. The following week, I took the 510,000 and put it down on the Pro 
Bowl. I lost. That's ten thousand dollars. All ri~ht. So I didn't quit while I was ahead. At 
least I broke even. I broke even and now I'm b,roke. What the hell - every college kid 
has a moral obligation to be a financial burde •. to his parents. 

Dad ... please send money. 
The NBA playoffs are coming up soon and the Lakers can't lose. Just kidding. All 

jokes aside, I've been reading up on roulette and I've gOt this sure angle. It can't miss. 
It goes like this. You bet red and if it comes up red you win and if it comes up black 
you lose and then you double your bet on red and ... and ... well, I've just been busy. 

NIXOn has one of the boniest sets of knees In the NBA. 

So allow me to bring you 
up to date on the San Diego 
spons scene. 

There's this local 
sponscaster on 1V by the 
name of Ted Leitner, and he 
sure gets charged up. Lately, 
he's been doing his familiar 
chant of Pa- dres ... Pa-
dres, and this time he has a 
right to. The Pads' lineup 
looks pretty impressive, and 
with the rest of the West 
having no best, San Diego 
has a genuine shot. Oh, 
don't worry Dad, I'm still a 
diehard Giants fan. God, I've 
had a hard time handling all 
these years of death. And 
now it's going to be 
especially tough because I 
have to root for Dusry Baker . 
But I cannot conven. I must 
be strong. 

The Padres have staned off 
the season 4-0, and people at 
the Guardian are saying, "Only 
l58 games to go." Yes, even in 
this upholstered sewer, 
Padre Fever has set in. 

The Pads were brought down to earth yesterday as the Cubbies won 8-5 in ten. Relief 
pitcher Sid Monge walked in twO runs in the ninth and Chicago went up 5-3. But 
wait. Pa-dres ... Pa-dres. They tied it in the ninth to force extra innings. and Dick 
WiUiams replaced Monge with Mark Thurmond, who proceeded to hurl San Diego to 
their first loss of the season. Hey Dick - Wheeeeres the Goose? So what if Gossage 
pitched in three games already. The guy makes over a million a year. And now he's 
asking for a rest? What does he want - the world? My goodness, Goose. 

I read an article in the Times yesterday explaining the feasibility of San Diego 
hosting a Super Bowl. They'll 
have to expand Jack Murphy 
Stadium to hold 70,000 -
that's the minimum - but 
folks down here know it's 
very well wonh it. A twO-
week extravaganza is very 
big for business, especially 
big business. Gosh, I hope it 
happens, The Raiders only 
come to town once a year, 
but now they'll get to come 
twice. I love the Raiders. 

Dad, you've always told 
me to hold my ground, and 
now you can be proud of me 
because last week at the 
Clipper game I took on 
Norm NixQn. I was sining 
near half-court in front of 
the scorer's table, only a foot 
off the coun, taking photos 
when a loose ball came 
bouncing my way. With my 
instinctive basketball skills, I 
dropped my camera and 
reached out to grab the ball, 
only to have Nixon plant 
his very bony knee 

Who arc these guys and why arc they so happy? 

in my face. For the next three days I walked around proudly displaying my nice shiny 
eye. 1 really sat my ground on that one, eh Dad? 

Psst. I've got a secret. The San Diego Sockers are on the verge of winnmg the NASL 
indoor championship for the third straight year. No one here can tell me much about 
them except that they're a bunch of foreign guys who make lots of money and don't 
do interviews very well. That's OK. As long as they're having a good time while the 
league is still intact. 

Well, I've run out of paper so I've gOt to go ... talk to ya next week. 
l.Dft, 
Scnqu 

Once Again 

(i'~~~~ 
BICYCLE MAINTENANCE 

CLASSES 
As always, Wednesday nights, 5:30 p.m. at the Bike Shop. 

April 11 
18 
25 

May 2 
9 

UCSD 
BIKE SHOP 

Our schedule: 
Repair of Flat Tires 
Power Train Maintenance 
Derailleur Adjustments 
Wheel Truing 
Brake Adjustments 
Hub Overhauls 
Bottom Bracket & Headset Overhaul 
Wheel Building 

No registration, no credit, no fees. 
Just show up, and bring your ' 

bike if you like. 

452-4279 
(across from the Pub) 

AIR PERMS HAIRCUTS DESIGNS $2495 $995 
... 

Includes: Includes: 
• Shampoo • Shampoo 
• Conditioner • Conditioner 

only only 

OPEN 7 DAYS 
APPOINTMENT NOT NECESSARY 

UNIVERSITY TOWNE CENTER -455-0420 

AN.,. 99'" .'-S I~ ... ,,-,'\ ~~s AIY 51 
April 1st through April 15th 

Don't for@t,AD You Can Eat Spaghetti -$250 - Monday Nites 
Open for Breakfast at 7:00 am 

Phone Ahead: 452-0661 AJlltems Available to Go! 
5 minutes from the UCSD f"AI!TInIIJS 

~~~\~II 

Style italian Eatery 



.' 

. ,~ 

,I 

20 Apnl 9, 198'1 
SP RT..5. 

. ,x ;.0: • 

Spikers can't get past the Gauchos 
By LISA LAPIN 

&fore a home crowd of .Hhlenc 
officials and prospeC[I\'e co.l<:hl" 
Thursda), I1Ight In T n llln P,\\'Iiton . the 
Tri tons Im:n's splk(T dropped a malch 
to the lop-ranked UC S.mt.1 BMlxlr.1 
Gauchos int\\'o dose game; th.1t 
manllgeu to leave lans satlslicd . 

After coming from 1I loss at an a\\'a)' 
match in Long &.lCh , John HendaSllll , 
UCSD's blocker from Paerlk Palisades, 
said, -We were hungry; It was awesome 
out there ." It \Vas definltel), Hendll 's 
nIght, .IS he consistent I)' spiked .1Ilt! 
hlocked lor .1 maJorll)' 01 the home 
team's pOints and sit!e-outs agalnsl the 
-killed UCSB squ.ld. 

The rrnons opened with a \\'e,lk 
game. losmg 15-2. but came hack strong 
to hold the Gauch~s to game pomt and 
deuce scon: m the l.I ·1 t\Vo hclorl' 
droppmg hoth 15- 13 Jnd ) 5-) 3. "\\'e 
don 't look like a le,lIn thJt's lost e\'Cr)' 
gamc." said Trnon coach Doug 
DJnne\'lk of hiS team's perform.lIlcc 
Jgamst J club lighting lor a ClVA pl.l)'olT 
berth. 

The openmg g.lInl.' reveakt! the ;'.lIl l.1 
Barbam powerhouses. b-4 mIddle 
blocker Mark Franklin and 6-6 AII -
Amencan blocker R'lnd)' Itlnn. The duo 
scored the mJjonl)' of the Gauchos' 
POllltS. Yet SJnta Barh.lr.l was plagued 
0)' net calls. which resulted m the 
dim.l)( 01 man)' well-Iought raUles. 

UCSD's Scott Cnswell and M.m Hunt 
had nne performances III the lirst g.lIne . 
each grabhing slue-outs .lnd playing the 
ke)' defenSIve blockmg poslltons, MIddle 
blocker CrISwell pIJ)'ed " 'Ilh ,I IIgaml.'nt 
mJul')'. \\'Ilh thc phIlosoph), lhal "the 
season IS onl), three more g.lInes." 

Color Blind? 
~ ~ f!J&.~ ~ 

It you are color blind or 
even mildly color deficient. 
we will pay you 55,DO/hour to 
participate in perception 
experiments on the nature of 
color blindness. For more 
in1ormation contact: ICathy 
Purl or Al Nagy at 452-4162 
between 9 :00 and noon, 

Friday. 

/fyouhave 
diarrhea that 

began wtthln the last 48 hrs and 
would like to panlclpa~ In an 
Investigational drug study at the 
V.A . Hospital call Cheryl 
Beaumont or Steve Pandol M.D. 
1453-75001 ext 3284 for more 
Info. Upon completion of the 
S1UCIy you will receive $25. 

Tmons could nO! hold the powerful 
hilling by the Gauchos, and the 
northern team's score climbed. Hunt 
was the only T man player to get a hit 
.Igamst the Gaucho defense , but only lor 
a side-out. Thc VISItorS' score reached 
11 to tie the game, and Dannevik called 
a tllnl.' out. It served to bnng the rmons 
lLl 13 points, whl'l'e the)' rl'maliled 1m 
till: rest 01 the contest. Santa Barhanl'3 
hilling power hmught them the g,lI1\e , 
hut -I-mon l.m3 were stIli cheenng III 
.lppreciauon lor the home team's dloll. 

rhe thIrd game brought Cl'Owd-
plc.ISlIlg raUII:s. S.lIlta Barl",,,,, gO! 011 l<l 
a 4-1 leall on the strength 01 ChI''' 
WrSlll1'S hilling. Hunt and Hender"'lIl 
developed theIr hl[(ing .lrll1S, sCl1ring 
twu lor the hUll1e team t\n excellent 
rally which ended in a H~nt kill brought 
the fans to their feet and the score to 4-3. 

Mall Hunt and the reSI oj the Tritons haw Jaced up 10 their opposition aU season. 

I3r.1U11 \\"IS III the all' It)r J perkct htl 
lur another rntul1 PUlnt , but .1 
controversial line c.lII g.lve the next 
SIde-out to Santo! Barham, Bateman, an 
athlete who belIeves in student 
involvement, is running a campaIgn Illr 
the A;, vice pl'!:sldenual olhce Octween 
practices. Bateman hall several saves in 
the third game, WIth a dIving attempt 
011 a last , hard hit b)' Ittner. 

Braun managed a hit that the G,lUcho 
dclcnse was unable to block, and :>cou 
McGregor, another Triton on a hot 
streak, pounded one onto thc 0pposlllg 
coun. The Tritons again were ahead at 
11-8 when Santa Barbara put the heat 
on III an all-out attempt 10 (a[ch up. 
George Knights dId excellent h.lck-cuun 
work, enahling Hendersun and 

DJnnc\'ik wa3 pleased WIth the 
perlorm.mccs 01 the substitutes 
throughout the match: "We h'ld good 
bcnch produ(tIon . EveI')' guy that \\'cnt 
III ditl hIS best." 

lrom Inner put one up lor the Gauchos, 
but Henderson hlocked a se rve lor a 
UCSD SIde-out. 

The Tritons kept their lead at four at 
10-6, and even extended it when a UCSB 
net call left the Tritons up by nve at In the sClond game, net caUs gave 

ULSD an earl)' lead. putting the TrItons 
ahe.ltl 01 theIr competitors .+4). A sl.lm 

11 -6. But then UCSD's hope of an upset 
Will of a game began to dissolve as the 

, 

If you're a senior and have the promise of a $10,000 career-oriented job, 
do you think it's difficult to get the American Express"Card? 

Guess again, 
It's rather easy, 
In fact, all you need is a $10,000 job. That's it. No strings. No gim-

micks. And this offer is even good for 12 months after you graduate. 
Because American Express wants to show that we not only believe in 

your future, but we also believe in you now. 
But why do you need the American Express Card now? 
First of all, it's a good way to help you to establish your credit history, 

And you know how important that is. 
Of course, you can also use the Card for vacation trips, as well as 

for restaurants and shopping, And because the Card is recognized and 
welcomed worldwide, so are you. --- ~ 

So ca ll 800-528--8000 for a Special 
Student Application or look for one at 
your college k t re or on you r 
campus bulletin boards, I 

The American Exprc Card, Do n't I 
leave schcx)i without it.'W ) 

L>ok for an application on campus. 

"~1" t OI1'l "--'" tr: ... 1 ..... ,\1. I.... I ,..1 

plt-asl' tUIlI/a page 22 

UCSD thoroughbreds 
bucking at the gates 
By JEFF SAVAGE 

The UCSD baseball team is in the 
middle of a pennant race - a scaled-
down version of the big-league version 
(this is the NAlA District 3), but a race 
nonetheless, Wuh only seven games left 
in the season and the T mons JUSt two 
games out of first place , they've come to 
what you could call post tIme. Just being 
in the mce is half the war for UCSD -
a war the club has never even entered 
before - but winning it is the other 
75%. So my figures don't add up, but 
who would have figured that the Triton 
thoroughbreds would he enterIng the 
staning gate , much less viewing it. 
Tmons in years previous looked more 
like grazmg fann horses. 

Before last week, UCSD was a gamc 
and a half in first place, but a loss and a 
tic (yes, a tie) to Cal Lutheran 
Wednesday and a doubleheader split 
with Point Lorna Saturday has left the 
thoroughbreds two games behind 
Southern Cal College. They wouldn't 
even be behind, but upon entering the 
gate a few of thc horses have heen 
bucking a bit. 

WIth a 9-5 lead and two innings to 
go in the first game of a doubleheader 
wuh Cal Lutheran, Tnton starter Eric 
Reynolds surrendered a walk, twO 
singles, a double and a triple while his 
teammates contributed in the field by 
throWing baUs In the din, executing 
poorly til rundowns and making mental 

mistakes, Lutheran eked OUI a 10-9 
win , keeping IntaCt a remarkahle record 
of never havmg lost to UCSD. 

"It really gets to me:' said third-year 
coach Lyle Yates. "We just handed the 
game to them on .I silver platter." 

The Cal Lutheran comeback (or the 
Triton choke , depending on how you 
choose to look at It) marred the 
perlormances of Klaudio Biazevich. who 
hit a three-run homerun in the second 
inning, and Bob Natal, who put an ouch 
on the ban when he drove it high over 
the left field fence in the sixth to give 
the Tritons their four-run lead. Natal·s 
homer was his sixth of the year, which 
- believe it or not - breaks the school 
record of five, previously set in J 979 by 
Pat McGovern, 

The Tmons have no problem scoring 
runs They do have a problem handling 
pressure. Scoring a lot ofiUns might 
give UCSD the DiSll'lct championshIp. 
Inability to handle pressure mIght not. 

Facing a 3-1 defiCIt til the second 
game, UCSD exploded for five runs in 
the sixth inning on the strength of an 
RBI single by Joe Wolf. a clutch baschl! 
up the middle by Davtd Stanovich to 
produce two more and a two-run hlast 
off the bat of Derek Alkonis. 

UCSD stretched the lead to 7-3 in the 
seventh ... and then the crumble began. 
With Mike Petersen on the mound , the 
defense fumbled in an unearned run to 

Come To The Famous. One and Only. 
Get Down. Catholic 

BIBlE STUDY 
NllEI 

Thursday, AprIl 12 at 7:30 p.m. 
Led by Fr. Frank Sabatte at the 
CathoDe Lounge at the 

University Lutheran Church 
(aaOll &om Revelle) 

Sponsored by The Catholic Student Coordinators 
of the 

Catholic Community at UCSD 
452-1957 

....................................... 

TENNIS SHOES 
SAVE 50% 
Introducing ... 

First Quality Sneakers 
at a discount price. 

TENNIS 
~ ..-! ~}t ~".",u •.• ,,~. ·C{l''''flo I ~" __ . • ... 'Y~ 
'... ~ 

Reg. $21.95 
NOW $10.95 

THE 
ONE 
LINE'· 

RUNNING 

¢?2?> 
Reg. $23.95 

NOW $10.95 
ALL THIS WEEK. REVELLE PLAZA 

... '" .............................................................................................. "'... .. ......................... .... 

---..,--.......... ~--,.-

slice the lead to three. With two out and 
two on in the eighth , Petersen appeared 
to have escaped when a routine ground 
ball was hit to shortstop Blazevich. 
Blazevic h gathered it In but threw wildly 
to first ; the bal~unded away, allowing 
twO runs to score. The Tritons still led 
7 -6 gOing to the bottom of the ninth , 
but an error by third baseman Don 
Petersen opened the door for still 
another run . Then the dam thing was 
called because of darkness, a 7-7 tie. 

The Tritons boarded the bus and 
headed back home, but stopped along 
the way at a clOthing store III search of 
new uniforms for their next game - 25 
Santa .C1aus suits. 

POInt Lorna came to Olsen Field 

Saturday to see if UCSD felt like passing 
out more gifts, What they gOt instead 
was some of that patented pounding at 
the plate i'rom the not-50-gracious hosts. 

The big blow came when Bob Natal , 
who has really become a danger at the 
plate. deposited a I-I pitch on the 
other SIde of the left field fe nce for a 
gmnd slam in the seventh inning to 
break open a close game. "Natal's been a 
machine lately," saId Yates. "He 's just 
been on a real tear." 

The hosts went 011 to Will 10-4, 
thanks in large pan to Natal as well as 
Derek Alkonis, who went three-for-four, 
and sophomore Jim Martin, who got the 
stan in left field and came through with 

pkasc [U m co page 22 

System Developmlnt Corpontion will bl on Clmpus 

TUESDAY, APRL 17, 1984 
to intlf'Vitw _ .Idultts who SHIl stlte-of,th.lrt futures in rts .. n:h Ind 
dwelopmlnt tech.olllies tlNtt eoncentrl" on IlCIllr .. nltworll dwelop .. lnt 
Ind dl" commu.iatioM. relltio"ll dl" lIMe d"".pm.nt, SlCUrl systoms 
developmlnt, sit .... processin., fDfIMl verificltiDn Ind protocol dMopmlnt, 
ts willIS comm.,"" contrOl, eommunic.tion Ind inttlli"ncl tCl II sys .. ms, 
"tIIlitl sys"ms .ntl mlny mDf. l.citin,lpplicltions, 
If un.bll to milt with us on _pus, pIolSI mill YHr muml ta: 
Nlney Sullivln 
Syst.m DIWelopmlnt CDrporltion 
2500 CoIor.do AWlnul, Sen .. Moniel, CA 9040& 
An llIuli .pportunity Imploy.r M/F 

c 
Corpor .IIOn 

A Burroughs Company 



..... 

Baseball 
<o'llIllunt Jm'" p"g~ 21 
.1 three· hit, two· RBI perlorrnance. 

Mark ban allowed only four hits .IS 
he lVen! the distance to Improve his 
record to -+-3 on the year. 

The Tntons got behind early In the 
second game, wokc up in the sixth 
In ning to see a 5-0 Point Loma 
advantage, scratched and clawed thdr 
way b'lck. but finally fcll short h), an 8--+ 
li na!. 

In the sixth . BI3zevich raccd III third 
on a wild p itch, but the throw gal there 
before he did , and he was Jpp,lrcnti), 
tJggcd out. The umplrc 's high thumh 
sign sent Blazcvlch hack to the UCSD 
dugout, but everyone on the fiell. In the 
park and driVing h)', SJW the third 

basem,\n drop the b.tll. cvc)'one hut the 
ump. The call stood, and Bob ;\!,Iml -
who else? - hit the next pitch into the 
cheap weeds in left. &forl' the IIlnll1g 
was over, John Rosness smgleu home .1 
run to make it 3-2. 

Wi th twO out in lhe seve nth . 
Blazel'lch s mglnl. stole secanu and 
scored on a double to lel l center h)' 
Daviu Stanovic:h. It's 5-3 ,lIld here we 
go, 

In the ninth , Joe Wolf smashed a solo 
homerun , busting thc se,llns on ,I 
IJsthall which is prohahly still roilIng 
right no\\'. But before th,lt . the Crusaders 
hJd scored three runs tll PUt the gJme 
out 01 reach . Well. maybe not 
com pletely, Wolf Sl1l.1sh with Ol\e out 

BE ALL TRAT YOU CAN BE, 
'CAUSE WE NEED YOU IN W.C.S.G. 

Warren CoBege Student Government 
IElLIEC11IONS 

, Positions we need you for are:-----------, 
Couned OtBcers (Pres .• V.P .• Sec·y .• Treas.>. 2 Executive 
Board Members • Commuter Gov't (COG) ChaIr • 
Programmtng Commissioner. yeatbook Committee 
Chair • Campus Coalition for Cultural Concans (4C) 
ChaIr • ParlIamentarian. 4 judJdal Board Members • 
and 3 Representatives to the ASUCSD 

CandJdacy fonns avaJlable In the Warren ~st's Budc:Una. 
JII&a8 PerIod: 

Monday. April 2nd - Monday. AprU 9th (ends at 12 noon) ONLY. 

Become a 
Lawyer's Assistant 

The UNIVERSITY OF SAN DIEGO, in cooperation with the National Center for Paralegal 
Training. offers an Intensive 12 or 36 weekLA'NYER'S ASSISTANT PROGRAM, This Pr~1IIT1 
will mabie you to put your education to wor1< as a skiHed member of the legal team. 

• SpccMHIa oflfered In the foIlowII., fIcIdI: 
Generalist (Evenings Only) Estates, Trusts and Wilts 
Lltlgatlon Corporations and Real Estate 

• MIt. AppIOMd • ......,.hIp • Employment ....... a 
For a tree brochure about this career opportunity call (619) 293-.. 579 or mail the 
s.ou~'2..~o~~ _____________________________ _ 

t UnIVCr. tly of & n Dietp Room 318, Serra Hall SUmmer 19f5.4-Oey 0 
r bJI Lawyer' s Assistant Program San Diego, CA 92\]0 June 4 - AIlS- 16, 1984 
'(ry-' UCSD 
Name 
Address ______________ _ Fall 19U- OlY 0 Sept. 16-0 0c. 7, 1984 
________ State ____ Zip __ 

Fall 1984- Eve nina 0 
Sept. 27- June 20, 19115 Ph 0 ne _____ _ 

The University of 54n Diego does not discrimillill:e on the bIIsIs of race, so, color, rellgjon, age, 
national origin, ancestry, or handicap in its policies &nd programs, 

~~deIgIaducrtes 
Our Winter 

pick up Y deS at the 
Quarter gra Registrar 
Ottice 01 the . 

"""orrlnnmg 2 l.ftJ~. ri1 1 . G 
Thursday. AP , '. raduates 

YOur Winter Q 
uarter grades Will be 

available at YOur 
dePartmental 

Mail Box, 

Spikers 
,,)1111111"'.1 jm", thlg'- 2tJ matle 11 !:.i·of 1I'1Ih UC:,1) tloll'n to liS last 

[ \\'0 outs. l)enn ls CoSt.1 singled . 
Blazevll:h drew ,I \\'alk .lIl tl ' tanovich 
slllgh:tl to 10,ld the hases. The stage was 
set. Who could possihly hy coming to 
[he plate? Why, It'S Bob N.ltal! 

:"kGregllr tll ~Cllrc. Yet the thi rd 1'll1l 1\d 
II',IS endeu YUI ,kl)" . I ~ UCSI) placnl tlll' 
11,111 llllt-lll-bllunds ll l\ CI1I1SL'LLltll 'l' pl.I)," 
giv ing the G.IU, hllS the gallle at 15- 1 j 

Boh Natal leads the tcam with eight 
homcruns. 130h Natal leads the team 
With 33 ru ns hattetl In. Bob Natal le,lds 
the [cam IVuh l:ongratulatory high-lives 
at the plate. Bob Nati\1 c.mnot be 
cxpectetl to do everythmg. The TritOns 
lost !:.i. of. 

l)annedk 11',1s "pn,ud" III thl' e llol1 . 
noting th,1( UCSJ) was "dcl inltcl), 
live nnate: hed ." 

SO ,IS thc Triton thoroughbreds settle 
in .It the stJ nmg gale, the gun goes oiT. 
the II'his tlc blows, the llag goes up and 
the umpire hc llolVs. "1'1.1)' b.lli ." 

I kndcr~l111 k it that hiS te,\1Il was ,I 
Imk l1red lrolll the lar-o ll . II'lIh lllll )' t\l'll 
pr.tctic:es ,Ifter ,I tll'll-wcek hreak beilln: 
tr,l\'clIng tll Lllllg llc.lch. and th L'11 
playing Santa Barbara, "But." he added, 
'1ah was with me!" 

And dowll [hc stre tch the)' come .... 

I he team wdl h.IIT lliK more h,llne 
clllltest thiS seaSll11 . I he I i11.11 match IS 
th b S,Hurd,I)' .Iga lns[ [he lllp-sel'Llcd 
l'q)perd lnl: W.lI'es. 

\ " 
""-""t .. tIY. 0ftIcee 

. 

Get lllore out 
of your last 2 years 

of college. 

,,4837 

If for some reason you missed taking Army ROTC in 
your first two years of college. you can still take it in 
your last two. But only if you apply while you're still a 
sophomore. 

In order to make up for the years you missed, you'll 
have to attend a special camp in the summer before 
your junior year. You'll earn up to a total of $2,900 in 
the Two-Year Program. You'll get some good 
management experience. And you'll get a commission 
as an Army officer along with a college degree. 

For more information about camp this summer call 
Major Sponbeck or Captain Wells at 265-4943. 

Tau Kappa Epsilon 
Spring Rush 

Tuesday, April 10 
$1.00 Movie Night, buy tickets in advance, 

· Rushees go FREE! Meet in front of Urey Hall. 
Time to be announced. 
, Wedneaday, April 11 

Italian Dinner. Meet the TKE·s. 
6:00 - 9:00 at the International Center. 

Thursday. April 12 
Cocktail Party and Slide Show 

7:00 - 10:00 at the Community Center 
La Jolla Village Square. lst level 

(across from Piret's) 
Saturday, April l~ 

FlNALPARTY 
9:00 pm - 1:00 am 

La Jolla Farms. 9805 Blk Gold 
WOMEN: come find out about OUT little sister program, 

information table on Re\lCLLc Plata. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 

All aqua cows: KIMt, Matt. Usa. Scott, Bob, etc. 
Call Allilon at 450-0366 Regarding games 
Sun Nite! (4/9) 
UCSD Democrots oganlzatlonal meeting -
join the effort to stop Reaganl Wed .. 1-2 pm 
PlkL 2523. (4/9) 
Free ItudV grouP' at Groun<:t.llork Books; 
details In AS buil.andweeklycolendar. Come 
to OU' open houseFri. 4:30-6:30. AllOdrop In for 
free EI SaNador Is Spanish ror VIetnam pin. 
Student Center. (4/9) 
1<50TI 1<50TI KSDTI KSOTI Actlvatlonal, 
IlIrorlllatlonal. conversatlollal. ortentotlonol: 
ThUlldoy, April 12. 7:00 pm at I<5DT-
SENSA1IQN.6Li (4/ 12) 
Dance tothe VIdeo Tuneact MIc:hoeIJockton. 
QJItIft C~ and EMf. Costello Ittat I&. at the 
Revelle Cafe this Sotuday Apltl 14. 9-12. 
Remelllber, your 51oa) ~ leukemia 

~hl See you IhereI (~12) 
••• HP 41 pgmers ••• Wa'lt to double the 
calculation and pgming speed and rTlOI8, 
coil Jodan at ~1. (4/19) 
AIst meet'n"lQ of the UCSD Runlng Club will be 
held Tuesdov April 10 at the gym patio at 4 
pm (4/9) 
Men lIUSI/ECON MAJORS: SUMMER WORK. 
The SouttMleltem ~ny Is looking tor a 
few good UCSO students. Thole students will 
relocate to New Engiald. make an o.wage 
of S43OO. and gain aceIIent Bull!501es 
eKp8rIeIlC8 tor IheIr I8IUfTI8I, For Int8flllew, 
mall nc:me.1ChooI phonenumberand IChooi 
oc::k:Nsa to: The Sc:luttlweItem Company, PO 
Bac 1~, La Jolla. cr.007~. (4/9) 
GIock:IUIIv gIW gnIgClfIou .. rFJtNV gI.WUS ct . 
!<SOT. GravItate to the KSDT orientation 
~ I and aggIIaI'ICize OU' station, 

SERVICES 

Prd8s1IonaI typing ct 18aJmes. r8OlOl1Obie 
priced. In sports Arena area, Jane's 
Sea8tar1a1296-8220. (4/12) 
Typing - T8ITT1 papeII - dissertations -
theses - IIBIUm8S. Fast. reasonable. PB area. 
Carole 483-9109. (5/10) 

1YPI~ PROCESSING, TfIIITl Papers. 
Dlssertotons. Reaaonable Rates, North 
(A)untv-724~77.(5{3) 
TratIIc CIQSI8s. Court Approyed. Sat. Sun eves. 
ure. Mission Voitev. Tonev Pines Inn Reg. 565-
1767.(4/9) 
UNINANTEO HAIR REMCNED PERMMlENll Y 
near CCJr11)US. La Jolla PtofeSIIonaI CaPter. 
8950 Villa La Jolla Dr. Suite 116O-C Call tor 
appt 457-4)39. (6/7) 
Typlngl Word Pr<X*llngt Rush jobsl Term 
papers. theses. resumes, transcription. 
Jennifer. 274-5005. (6/7) 

TYPING: 111M RUSH .JOBS term papers theses 
dissertations edltlng453{)656 (8IIe )452-5188, 
(6/7) 

Monusc~ts, theses. dissertations, resumes 
typed, Experienced. 51 IXJ08 OS Betty 755-
4779. (5/24) 
Top drawer secretarial service reports, 
moruscriptl, resumes. letters. Reosonable 
catl 481-4160. ( 5/3) 
Experienced proctor will tutor pascal. 
Mlcheile at 755-2418 or 457-7060 x123. 
S12/hour. (4/9) 
Need a typist? RealOf'lClble, speedy. 15 years 
experIeIlC8. guarantee II\IOI'k. Call Koth1e576-
1277 anytime. (4/.Jl) 
Typing/Word Proc. Theses/Dlss/Papers. 
ExperIenced - R8OIOIIObIe Rates - Top 
QUOIIIy, VIsta 726-lJ87. (5/17) 

WANTED 

PART-TIME live-In ~, 501., Fum. Rm, 
La Joi1a. Reliob1e<ongenlal 273-5458. (4/9) 
Need cosh? Earn SSOO+ each school yea, 2-4 
(fladble) ho\n per week pIocIng and filling 
posters on campus. SerIous workeB 0I"iy; we 
give recorrrnendotions. Call f'CoII tor summer 
& next fall: 1-800-243-6679. (4/9) 
Revelle Musical needs musicians. Trumpets & 
trombonel. Also, violas and basses. Coli Ira at 
455-5688. (4/12) 
Can you type at least 60 wpm? We're looking 
tor typIsb to participate Ina 5-doyexpai I oent 
on skills. Voo will be paid 55/hr tor 5 In WOI1c. If 
Int8l8Sfed please coil Bob at 452-.lJ06. (4/9) 
Child core nwdad 2 otIamoons a week. Call 
452-6856 days. 481 - 7421 _ (4/12) 
Now Hiring: Hostpersons. buspersons & 
cashiers. Appty In penon at: 1he Good Earth. 
111 ProIpect. W. No phone calls please. (4/9) 
Port-Time housekeeping. Iille-In. salary, own 
rm. fUm. Reliable COl og8IlIaI person. Need ca 
273-5458, (4/16) 
Photographer seeking amateur female 
models for UCSD anrual calendar, No 
8lCperIence necessalY, Coli 753-0421 . (4/12) 

HOUSING 

UnfUrniIhed room for IWlt In lorge, prMJte 3 
bdmV2 bath Unlv. aty home. Nonsmoker. 
q.JIet. M or F. Shcn idtchen prIyeIeges & 
ic:AJndry facIIltIeI - S2!lJlmo+ ~UtiI: 451-3459 
Kim, (4/16) 
Roommate wanted. P.It. rm.. bathIm and 
garage. 185 +l1utII. 0wII271~ (to 11:30 
pm) or 749-1631 . (4/12) 
RoommaIe needed: 3bedroom fUmIIhed 

~ In Mira Meea; 0\I0II0bIe 5/ 1, I.Jg sngI rm. 
warhllr/dtyer. gas. congenial houIernates. 

. Male or Mmaie 1lOI'HrTlOker. SumrTl8l' IUbiet or 
'r'8OI' -.e. Coli Mark 578-4653. (4/16) 

Female roommate INOOted to share 4 bdrny'2 
bth home In North Cl'mont wlvoong prct. 
woman. Garage & iaundIy foci!. Prefer grad 
student or stoff. Rent negotiable. Coli 569-
5203 eves. (4/9) 
Female roomote needed to enter room 
drawing bon campus Third College opt. (84-
85). Must be registered Third College student. 
Repiy on or before Aug 9. Coli 453-7842. (4/ 9) 
Brand new opts - MRRA WOODS VILLAS - Jr 
18r, 1Br, 2Br-2Ba for May 1 ffiOIIEI ln. Rents from 
$395 to $550. Only 10 miles from UCSO. 
located at 1-15 8< Carroll Conyon Rd. OffIce 
open 9-5 doily. 10320 Maya Undo Rd .. 566-
4554 (4/rJ) 
Roommate INOnted to shCI'e master bedroom 
in La Jolla near Ralph's. 15 minute walk from 
schooll Complete with kitchen, both, pool 
and Jocuzzl. $2138< 1/3 utilities. Call David or 
Craig ~82: Keep Trylngl (4/12) 
Waren temoie needed to shore ~ompus 
apt. newt 'r'8OI' with 3 easv-golng. sturdIous. 
adventurous girls. Nightpersan. rIC:n-smoker. it 
Int8l8S1ed coil Deb! at 453-1594 between 8 
and 10 pm 0I"i-I. 4 people priority hoUsIng. 
(4/12) 

FOR SALE 

Preiude bra and cor COler, Best offer call 481 -
1529, (4/12) 
'74 Datsun 610 wagon $1295 sacrifice, must 
sell. New point/tune. runs good, sharp In/oot. 
224-9995, (4/ 12) 
DURAN D\RAN - ,April 17, 4 tickets lor !Ole. 
Coil Harry or AMon - 452-5554. (4/12) 
70 WI bus 19bu11t engine. new mu1IIer and 
battery. FM-costette, 51500. Call 574~50 
_(4/12) 
FOlO AND OWlS BY RAlPH IAJREN, MENS 
suits jockel1 shirts and slacks szs 40 42 reg & 
Ionas worn before so yoo b.Jy cheap 001459-
523'2 for oppoIntment.o see. (4i12) 
CXiran Duran tonsl I haYe tickets for the sold 
out shoW an 4/ 15{84, Call452-1579 croci leave 
a rTl8IIOg8 it I'm nQt in. Don't miss this shooNI 
(4/ 12) 

PERSONALS 

Rend: I racily miss snuggling up with you just 
tor !he heck cA It, I miss just spending time with 
you. Let's do It again IOffi8time soon, K? K. 
fIom me. (4/9) 
Tau Kappa Epsilon. a tradition ct 8lIC8i1ence. 
(4/9) 
ApproprIate Technology stua,t group starts 
!his week at Groundwork Books Student 
Canter 452-9625. (4/9) 
1fs more than just a radio station, It's an 
adIIenturei !<SOT orientation Thurs. AprIl 12, 7 
pm (4/12) 

Paid S\bJects are needed tor brain WCN8 
experiments at the Salk InstlMe. Coli 453-
4100 ext. 419, ( 5/ 10) 
Don't settle for second best. rush TKE. the 
biggest and best ot UCSD. (4/9) 
Hey LINDA I hope you're planning to go to the 
Vldeo-Donce on April 14 In the Reveile Cate 
- JIm. (4/ 12) 
Rush T1<E, !he fraternity tor life. (4/9) 
Break away from the rest - rush T1<E. (4/9) 
SprIng quarter - thinking about getting Into 
shape? Come to !he UCSO Running Club 
meeting lues. ,April 10.4 pm at !he gym patio. 
lC4037 for more info. (4/9) 
Jim, You bet I'll be at !he dance at 9:30 pm 
IhorpI Irs a benetIt for !he TJ Martell Cancer 

~h - Undo. (4/ 12) 
O'oreeuntayshunl coming your W'JII AprIl 12. 

~Tee - Bee IheIrI (4/12) 
Men age ( 18-30) whose father has ~ 
dIognoeed os alcoholic ore needed tor 
brainwave experiments ot the Salk Institute 
pay SJO.(X).$50.CXl. Call 453-4100 ext. 419. 
(5/10) 
Piegnant? Choose oItematilles 10 abortion. 
San Diego Pro-l.ite laogue Hotline 583-5433, 
941 -1515. (4/9) 

TRAVEL 

Coonell haYel!CIEE pro.tIdes information on 
sludent charters. ralipo$$8S, In t'I student Icfs. 
hostel cads. tours for ages 18-35, \oQI( and 
study programs. and much more. Stop by the 
Student Canter or call 452-0630, (6/7) 
For Sole: Round-trip ticket to anywhere In the 
us. Coli tor details. 481-1529. (4/12) 

LOST Be FOUND 

Lost: let ct k8Vs In Rae Gym ladle's room 5 
k8Vs on 2 ilngs(1 blue. 1 goId). lC4032 & ieaII'e 
message or tun into cage. (4/16) 
HBPt I lost a grey. v-neck. wool Land's End 
sweater at !he end of lost quarter. $10 I8WCJrd 
for ret\.m Coli 455-1263, and ask tor Paul 
(4/16) 
Found: a bag cA photogrophlc equipment 
flnais IoY88k at !he pub call and identify 724-
0654. (4/12) 
lost - Par of biockrimmed glosses 8< block 
leather case nea Revelle pkIng lot. If found. 
pIeoae coil 458-1 160 (4/12) 
Found - Silver necklace with pendant at 
TOO lost quarter. Cali 455-9649 and Identity. 
(4/9) 
Found: Ring In gill's bathroom at Urev Hall end 
cA lost QUOrter. Coil 453-7«l1 and identify. Ask 
tor Peggy. (4/16) 

SOFT CONTACT LENSES 
in 
most cases 

INCLUDES: 
Cont~ct lenses, examin~tion, 
patient training, follow up, 
chemical care kit and fitting. 
EXtENDED WEAR LENSES 
ONlY'I65.GO 

THE CLASSiCAl EYE 
DR. ROBT "'IIR 0Pf0ME1IIST 

La Jolla Village Square 
(Inside the Melli Lower Level) 

8657 Ville La Jolla Drive. Suite 136 
451-7374 

• 



24 Apnl 9, 1984 
.. ' 

. • ........ ~~.. . " ", ...... ".":::. ", :-. ~ , •• " .,:. -. ~. ',.. ....,. ." y. " ..... : 

a 

-Buying your leased phone now saves you time and money next term. 
This year, don't leave for home 

without your phone. Buy it before sum-
mer and save yourself some time and 
money. Buying your AT&T leased 
phone now means you'll have your 
phone with you the very first day back 
to class. 

To buy the phone you're leasing, 
just call AT&T Consumer Sales & 
Service's toll-free number. Or visit 

any of our AT&T owned and operated 
Phone Centers. It's that easy. So call us 
before you say goodbye. Then unplug 
your phone and take it with you. And 
have a nice summer. 

1-800-555-8111 
CaU this toU-free numb~r 24 hour a day. 

• AI aT 
Alltt'I~Jlh"Ot are ~T(, '"I(IS[",,-<I \\'t- pr""d,' "'valr '~r\'H'(- fur allt~lc"h",\t's ."Id at all AT&T I'hnnt' ('rot(-", On I) [el"phont" ~'IlIIpprd with t.,,/l'h·tone dialing can R<r~h' t'Ntain 11,"1( distance se rvires Bnd netwn rks . 

Pacific Beach 
1850 Garnet Avenue 


