
a..., 

· -==1 ( ~ f ~--r--..n 
I~ 

TIle ups ...... 



A CalPIRG intemship meeting will be 
held on Thursday, February 9th at 4:30 
pm in the North Conference Room. 
fOCUSing on the "real" world experience. 
beyond the classroom . CalPIRG will 
explain its internships in grass roots 
organizing and campaign work. local 
lobbying and coahtion building. 
background or investiganve research 
and media relations. 

o 
La Jolla Archilecture will be the lOCus 

of a two part evening lecture presented 
at the Congregational Church of La Jolla 
at 7:30 pm February 13th .md 27th . 
Patricia Schaelchlin of the Laj olla 
Histoncal Society will provide a 
nostalgic look at the La Jolla of 
)'esterday. Roben Mosher. renowned LI 
Jolla architect. will discuss "The Present 
and Future" of LuJolla. For more 
IOlormJtlon call 454-5872. 

o 
Grand Bicycle Tour of Five CIties Will 

begin at 7 am unday. February 26 
departing from the San Diego Count)' 
administratIOn cemer lor a 32-mile pum 
around San Diego. Some 7.500 bicyclists 
will ride for the Americ.m Youth Hostels. 
ThiS is the one day 111 the year when 
you can bicycle over the Coronado 
Bndge. For more information call 234-
3330 

o 
Student Regent Fred Gams has been 

nominated to represent UC students at 
Regents meetings. Gains. a law sehool 
student at Berkeley. IS'I 1981 gmdu.lIe 
of UCLA and also has a master's degree 
m public policy from Harvard . 
Univers ity's John F Kennedy School 01 
Gnvemmem. M'l[Y Rose of UC D was 
lourth among the On.lIists I(x student 
regem 

o 
Eskimos are slowly wanning to 

mndcrn ways as cl\'lliz.Hlon is creeping 
Into the wnrld 's most isolated region . 
The Museum of M.m m Balboa P.lrk 
chronicles the tmdHlons .md ch.mges of 
the Eskll110 Itlestyle tn Its nell' exhilJl!. 
"The LISI .md First Eskimos." openl ng 
Frida)" February 10 .tnd running until 
April 2<) The pellplc "I remotl' rural 
Eskllllll \ illagcs. Sill\\' to <lLLl' pt the 
t'hangl's 01 Ihe modern world . • lrl' 
t'.lptured tn H7 h\;tck .md whltl' phlllllS 
b)' Alex H.lms. ror tnllmn.1tion L .. III 23<)-
lOOl 

o 
The sin of fat is as re levant ro 

contemporary life as it was in bibhcal 
nmes according to the Fi rst Unitarian 
Church or San Diego A lecture enmled 
"GluttOny: How much is (00 much?" WIll 
be presented al 9:50 am on February 5 
as the beginning topiC of a year-long 
senes on the "Seven Deadlies." 

1966 ... 
R('p. Olin E. Teague mtroduced 

legIslation and a Constitutional 
amendment yestcrday to outlaw actions 
b), what he called "beatnik rypes" and 
"pseudo-imeUectuals" protesting the war 
in VIetnam. Teague's bill would Impose 
fines of up to $10,000 and 
Imprisonment 01 up to 10 years. 
1968 ... 

The creator 01 the Revelle Cafetena's 
famous mural arrived on campus 
yesterday (0 explain agam what exacdy , 
he was attempting in hiS year long erfon 
10 fill up the space. The mural. he 
explaincd depicts the evolution of man 
"from the !Ime he left the Proconsul 

Contraceptive implanl trials have 
begun at the University of California 
San Francisco:s General Hospital. The 
new hormonal contraceptives ,Ire in the 
form of capsules and are placed under 
the skin of the upper arm. The 
implanted contraceptives may protect 
women from pregnancy for up 10 five 
years. For more information contact 
Eileen Teitle. family planning nurse 
pmcti tioner for the study. at (415) 648-
7400. 

o 
Nuclear arms policy will be the focus 

of a forum on the UCSD ca mpus on 
February 2 <1t 4:30 pm in the North 
Conference Room, The forum is 
sponsored by CalPIRG and will feature 
tI,e PhysiCians ror SocIal ResponSibility 
111m The Lusl Eplll':llI/{ as' weU as a film 
b), the Amen can ecurit)' Cou nci l, 
Coulltdow/1 OIl AIlICli(u. A panel 
discussion will follow. with speakers 
Roben Caldwell. editorial writer lor the 
5c/I1 Diego U"jclIl , Dr. Greb. a UC D 
professor and others. For more 
1I1form:mon contact Kim Paulus at 452-
4873. 

o 
Sarah: A Sexual Biography documents 

the survival of a UCLA coed who 
somehow managed to weather the 
tr.1umatic incestuous rela tions with her 
father. stepfather. and stepbrother. 
Wrillen by UCLA psychology profcssor 
Paul R. Abramson , the book delves intq 
the survival and growth of Sarah in spite 
of her demented adolescent life. Samh: 
A 50.11(1/ BIography will be ready lor 
distribution in June and cnn be ordercd 
through the tate University of New 
York Press. SWtc University Pl'IZ41. 
A1bnn)" Y 12246. 

o 
"Youth WaUc to aid missionaries in 

Zaire, Indonesia and India will be held 
at the Mission B.ly Park/ Fiesta Islard 
Course on March 24 . Funds generated 
111 this )'ear's wnlk Will be lorwarded to 
Clthohc missionaries overseas to 
purch,lSe medical supplies. educational 
matcri.11, I(xxl and shelter lor need)' 
children. For .Iddltlonal inl(mn.uion call 
574-6345. ~ponsor sheets lor the 8-30 
am lI'alk L.1I1 be ,lhtalned Irom the 
I11ISSlon 011 ICC In the DILl(es.m Ollke 
bUlldlllg on thc campu~ 01 the 
Unll'Crslt)' 01 ~an Dlcgo. 

o 
[he transformation of man into 

animal is the topic to be dts ussed in a 
lecture by UCSD anthropologist Stan 
Walens on Feb. 9 at the Museum of 
Man. The 7:00 pm leClure cOStS $7 and 
Will focus on the Kwaklutl Indians of the 
Northwest Coast who have long 
practiced rituals of manhmimal 
transformation . 

- Christopher Canole 

stage, aboU! 30 million years ago, 
through the Australoplthecus stage: He 
has also mcluded allUSions (0 
Ti nlOreuo's portrayal of 51. Mark. 
1970". 

The Emergency Commiltee (0 StOP 
Tuition will hold a noon raUy 
Wednesday on Revelle Plaza . Chancellor 
McGill has cancell ed aU classes for one 
hour (0 allow students and faculry to 
attend . 
1973 ... 

So what can you say? The UCSD 
fenCing squad has just won its fourth 
annual UCSD InVitational Fencing 
Tournament , and IS slowly approachmg 
IInmortalllY After all , a school of dllS 

"The struggle isn't over yet," said UCSO's noted.activist~a1umnaAngela Davis 
to a crowd of 700 here in 1980. Over 900 people hned up In cold Winds outSide 
USB 2722 to hear Davis in her first UCSO arpearance in a decade. 

"I am interested in evenls with educationa , social and political value which 
will attract UCSO students," said AS president Craig Lee. "In 1980, speakers had 
to be set up in the second USB lecture haD and the Revde quad to accommodate 
the massive turnout." lee paused to reflect, "I do not know much about Angela 
Davis, but I admire who she is. I and many people today want to hear what she 

~to~to~ .. 
Lee's interest and enthusiasm, teamed with that of Greg Hemperly, spmted 

an AS Council unanimous vote to fund the Black Women Achiever's 
honorarium for Davis [0 speak here during Black Awareness Momh. Davis will 
speak at the Mandeville auditorium sometime in late February. 

AS program director Hemperly said, "A lot of today's students do not 
know who Angela Davis is and what she has meant to the UCSD 
community." 

Davis saw UCSO for the first time in the fall of 1967 as a PhD candidate under 
the tutelage of the late Marcuse. In her two here she founded the 

Black Student Union and helped to found "Lumumba-Zapata College," now 
Third College. Davis went on from UCSD to achieve national prominence as a 
leader of the Black movement. 

She gained notoriety, and a place on the FBI's Ten Most Wanted Ust, in 1971 
when she was accused of panictpating in a shootout In a Mann County 
counhouse. Davis spent several months after the shOOtoUt as a fugitive, ~Ut gave 
herself up to federal authorities and was acquitted in a celebrated rnal. 

Her political organizational drons here at UCSD, though less lumultuous 
than her later work, have left their mark. As she tells the story m her 
autobiography, her first political activity at UCSD involved going through the 
dorms and academic depanments trying to find black students [0 form a Black 
Student Union . She found ten. . 

From this small, but what she describes as spirited , beginning, she went on to 
organize students and local residents in protest againsl t~e war in Vietnam. 

Her greatest contribution to UCSD was her work In formulating the 
Lumumba-Zapata demands for a Third World oriented college. 

Angela Davis' return to UCSD may encourage students today to remember the 
past. "Some want to create the impression that the struggle is something that 
happened back in the 60s," said Davis. "The same problems we had back then 
we have right now. As far as the struggle goes, I'm willing to struggle for as longas 
it takes." 

size is not used to such a monumental 
winner of the cahber that the fencing 
team has disp!ayed over the last four 
years. 
1976 ... 

Kate Milieu , whose treatise on sexual 
politicS has been called "the Bible of the 
woman's movement." will 'speak tonight 
in the Mutr cafeteria. lIer talk, emided 
"On Being a Woman Writer," renects 
her PhD thesis "Sexual Politics" from 
Colombia University. 
1977 ... 

Last Saturday at UCSD. the site 01 
proposed recombmant D A research, 
(WO scientists debated the current Issues 
of this comroversial research . They 
discussed the potential benefits as well 
as the hazards and the regulations of 
this new scientifIC Irontier. 

1978... . 
"You don't just stan and fly. you hop 

before you fly," explained Gary Andelson 
Jt a lecture on TM (tra nscendental 
medltauon) in the game room at the 
tudem Cemer. Andclson was qUick to 

point out that levitation was not an end 
m Itself but a means of "accelerating the 
growth of conSCIOusness: 
1979 ... 

In support of a rare public show 01 
studcm and admmistrdllve anger, the AS 
Council voted unanimously last ;veek 10 

- Chrislopher Canole 

express ItS "outrage" at Chancellor 
McElroy's decision last summer 10 rake 
vending machine revenues away rrom 
student activi ties in order to help cover 
a Food and Housing Services deficit 

1980 ... 
Aron Kay has contempt for everyone, 

includi ng Howard Jive-Ass, Jerky Brown 
and Ronald Raygun~ . All of these men , 
and others received extensive oral abuse 
from Kay when he spoke to an audience 
at Tl H '0+ bst night. Ka)' IS well 
known for th rowmg pies at politicians 
Jnd other "celebnties," addressed 

numerou~ political IS!.UCS ar last night's 
event. sponsored b), UC~D's Groucho 
Marx Caucus. 

1981... 
Fencers at this past weekend's AII-C .. l 

had not only opponcms [0 worry about , 
but basketball players. empt)' rooms, 
cramped space. lack of sleep and 
themselves as compemiLm. UCSD'~ 
coac h anole recaUs visions of the 
movie. Ar()(£(/yp~r Now. "Early Sun'''I)' 
morning [here were, bodies everywhere, 
Fencers Just dead med and resting lrom 
IIlJurtes It was cold oUblde and the 
heat from the Inside condensed watcr 
on the windows, making the place look 
Ii kc th e tropICS." 

-Christopher Canole 

Threat raised to UC 
administrator salaries 
By JACKIE AFFONSO 
S«rammto CorTtSf'O"dou 

Senator Roben Presley (D- Riverside) 
introduced a meJsure late Wednesday. 
which threatens to bring U niversil)' of 
California top administrator salarit's 
under "legislative review" if they 
continue 10 be raised . 

Senate Concurrent Resolution 48 
states that the "fiscal integriry" of the 
state's postsecondary educational f 
institutions is being jeopardized by the 
"exorbitant" salaries paid to 
administrators. 

The measure also addressed top 
managemt'nt salaries of California State 
Universil)' and community collt'ge 
adminislrators, recently raised last faU. 

Presley called the salaries received by 
UC President David Gardner and 
universil)' chanceUors "outrageous." 
Gardner receives S150,OOO annuaUy, 
while Governor George Deukmcjian's 
present salary is S49.100. The governor's 
salary will be increased to $85,000 
beginning 1967. I 

Gardner has not yet issued a 
statement concerning the measure, 

Bob Holmes, administrativt' assistant 
to Presley, said tht' measure is just .a 
"warning." He went on to say that If 
salaries for tOP administrators at any of 
the three public higher education levels 

arc mised further, Presley plans to 
introduce further legislalion. 

"The main concern IS the fact (har the 
salaries are raised by non-elected bodies 
which have no real responsibiliry to the 
public," Holmes said. 

Judith Woodard, UC assistant vice 
president. said universiry management 
salaries are based on merit and the 
competitive market, Gardner is paid the 
same noW as he was when he was 
president of the University of Utah. 

Holmes contended that elected 
officials have much greater 
responsibilities than university or college 
administrators and should be paid 
more. 

Woodard disagreed: "What a 
chancellor or president does is very 
difft'rent from what a legislator does." 

Presley had intended to initiate the 
measure after last year's budget 
negotiations which set Gardner's present 
salary, Holmes said. He waitt'd until 
after CSU had raised their top 
adminstrMOrs' salaries 30%, placing 
them in the seo,OOO and above range. 

"We think tht' mises are legitimate 
and justifiabl,,: Dr. Jim jensen. CSU 
director of govemment affairs, said. 

Women gain support 
m increased legiSlation 
By JACKIE AFFONSO 
Sacnlmmto Cormpondmt 

When the California Commission on 
the Status of Women was established as 
a state agency in 1971 , there was only a 
"handful" of legislation concerning 
women. Now over 500 bills per session 
are being monitored by the commission. 

One reason for the increase in 
legislation affecting women's lives is the 
progressive attitude of the legislature 
toward women's issues, Susan Cowan 
Scott, the commission's publiC affairs 
manager, said . 

"We've been fortunate here in 
California in terms of the attention paid 
to women and women's problems," Scon 
said. 

The legislature's committment to 
women's issues is a "real understanding" , 
thJt women mJke up the majority of the 
constituency. Assemblymember Maxine 
Waters (D-Los Angeles) and 
commissioner member. $did. '" think the 
legisldture by now IS very much 
co ncerned with women's Issues .lnd no 
longer can they be brushed Jside." she 
5.lid. 

Waters 5.lid the commission's 
reseJrch and studies, which provide 
information to legislators, .Ire also 
responsible lor the legislature 's Interest 
in women's problems. 

Modeled, .Ifter the NJtionJI 
Commission on the Statue of Women . 
initimed under the 1961 Kennedy 
• Idministr.ltion . the C.,liforni'l 
commission is the on~ state agency 
created "to de.11 exclusively with 
women's problems in the st.ue ." Scntr 
5.1id. 

The 17 member L'ommission is 
m.lnd,.1Ied br the legisl.lture III tr.1L'k 
leglsl.lIion Jnd publi sh tnlllrln.llion 
concerning women's issues. The 
commission .lls,) ae.ues sped.11 prlljL"C tS 

10 study panicular women's problems, 
publishes a bimonthly newsletter and 
prepares and distributes an annual bills 
summary. 

Evaluating the commission's work, LI. 
Governor Leo McCanhy said he feels 
the commission has mJde "a 
construCtive push for change." He also 
Jgreed thilt the majoriry of the 
legislature WdS interested in women's 
issues. 

A year and a half ago, the 
commission was also supporting bills, 
testifying at legislative hearings and 
making recommendations to the 
legisl.lture . But in 1976, the Women's 
Committee for Responsible Government 
sued the commission. requesting it be 
abolished . 

Following a coun bJttle. the 
commission's 'power 10 subjenively 
support issues was removed by .1 court 
decision in 1982. Seoll SJid the 
committee testificd that a "publicly 
funded agency c.1n not promote o ne 
side of an issue 10 the elcctorJtc." 

A month .liter the deciSIOn. thc 
legiskuure p<lssed " bill rei nst.lli ng its 
.Ipproval of the commission's right to 
issue opinions on' legislation. 
. After several .,ppcals [0 Ihe n n.ll 
decision from both Sides, the 
commission is now awalllng .1 decision . 
set for he,lring in March. which they 
hope will reverse the e<}r1ier one . 

C mying on with business as U.SU'll, 
the mmmlssion met in the fall 01 1983 
to sct this year's prillrtlles. The 
commission meets three times .1 ye.1[. 

This ye.u, the commission will Ix 
stud)'ing community propeny rights I(lr 
housewives, issucs alTecting minority 
womcn. the growing number of poor 
lI'olncn ,lnd children .IIl" W.I),S 10 

Due to a production error in the Thursday, February 2 issue of the Guardlan.Jackie 
Gladfelter'S byline was left off the cover story entitled , "Professor Ken Bowles loses 
millions by SIgning a UC contract." We regret any mconvemence thiS error has caused. 

CommentalY-

Parking anguish in 
oversold UCSD lots 
By DAVID WOLF 

For the average student one of 
California's urban university campuses, 
tht' most aggrav'dting chore of the day 
has nothing to do with hours in the 
I:Omputer lab or trying to get the 
landlord to fix the broken water he'dter. 
The greatest inconvenience most 
students suffer is thm of trying to find J 
place to park upon .. rriving m sc hooL 

Last week. in the Letters to the Editor 
section of Monday's GuurdulIl . nne 
particularly distrJught student called 
upon her fellow students 10 do 
something about the "unconscionJble 
pr.lctice" of overseUing student parking 
permits. When a student has a class in 
HL at noon and arrives m 11:45 or even 
11 :30 to seJrch for a parking spot in 
either the Muir or ({evelle student lot , 
fury is a mild description of student's 
feeling at II :55 when no spot IS 
avail"ble. 

After a 25 minute search lor a SpOt at 
midday, olten having been "aced out" of 
any number of spots by luckier cars. or 
seeing from 50 ya rds what looks like 
spot but rurns OUt to be an MG snuggled 
in between a '57 Chevy .md .10 Olds 
Cutlass. the very ide.1 th.lt the parking 
peoplc oversell permns makes one a 
li ttle paranoid . There is no guamntee 
thar the bcts aboLit the si tuation will 
make it any easier to deal wi th not 
bei ng able to lind a place and .having tlJ 
furtively park in a "handicapped" Spot. 
!:Jut it should m.lke you Jed .1 lillie less 
pamnoid . 

Acrording to Howard Finnec)', 
parki ng coord tnatnr at Parking and 
TranspOrt.HlLln Systcms, there arc 4330 
stLl'lcnt spnts in campus lots, in 
addition to 13<)8 swlf spotS and 094 
landt), span's. as ,'l Octoner With 

educJte wO~len on the Import.mce of 
vL)ting. 

Scott said the commission's budget, 
totalling $428,000 lor the present Iisc.11 
ye.lr. -should be bigger." BeCJuse of its 
budget .• Ippropriatcd by the legislJture , 
.md limited resources, the commission 
!pUSt limit its pn~ects. she S<l id . 

Wilter asscned thilt the legislature is 
going to "push real hdrd" to secure more 
money for thc commiSSion in the 
governor's proposed budget lor next 

)'C~lr. 
Governor Deukmejian addressed the 

commission during the two d.IY meeting 
.11 the St.ue C.lpilOl. According to a 
press release. the governor told the 
comln issinn th.1I "one of the wp 
prioritieS of this .Idminlstl'.uinn i to 
L'x.lmine the unIque el"lmomit' 
ch'l l1enges f.1Cing women in our stolte ." 

Sc\l!l 5.lId the com mIssion is ple.lscd 
lI'ith the gnwrnor's .lttuudc tow.m! 
",oml'n's Issues .md hiS I.uest lour 
. Ippntntlnents to the commISSion 1.1St 

approximately 443 motorcycle spaces. 
By the new year, there had been 5086 
"5" permits sold . along with 1914 "S" 
permits and 1076 "A" permits. It seems 
that everyone has been ripped off here, 
from the freshmen up to the Chancellor 
himself. because all three categories 
have been oversold . In order 10 simplify 
matters. only the students' will be 
represented here . 

Students spots are about 15% 
oversold. ,md those last 756 people 
during the busy periods can be OJ very 
unpleasant group. Looking beyond 
UCSD. howeve r. the situation here does 
nor appear as bad. At UCLA, for 
instance, parking permits are issued on 
a severely regulmed basis. With the 
addition 01 new structures in the center 
of campus, the s ituation is se rious 
enough to cause many incoming 
freshmen ill worry more about their 
parking permit th,m their admission . 

Olten .Ipplicants are asked to JUStify 
the applicmion lor a permit'through a 
wntten statement as [0 why an on-
cam pus space is important. The 
advantage m UCLA is . of l:Ourse. that if 
you have .1 permit you will find a space. 
But what or those empty spaces in the 
parking strunures <1 nd those people 
who don 't get permits? The al ternatives 
arc limited , because the local 
neighborhoods have permits for 
residents only. If you are parked on the 
street in lront of a private home in 
Westwood on a school day, the vigilant 
meter maids from the LAPD will usually 
catch you, with fiscally unpleas<lnt 
results. II Yl)U don't have a permit, live 
in thc nelghborhood~ or pay up [0 $30 

1'1<'(" .. 1111" '0 I'(f,~, ' 10 

Ocrober. "Wc JppeM to be enjoying the 
governor's conrldence." she said. 

Other than this ye.lr·s projects, the 
commission has been working on child 
support and child custody issues and 
h.ls researehed and published brochures 
on child sexual abuse, teenage 
prgenancy ,md domestic violence 
.Igainst women. 

The commission also implemented a 
two year Sexual HarJssmern 
Employment Project. Irs purpose is 10 
research current laws. procedures and 
strategies ror dealing with sexual 
hilrrassment on the job, Mary Lebrato, 
project m.1I1olger Solid. 

Currently, both UC Davis and 
S.lCrJmemo State University students are 
working with LebrJlO on the project. 

The commission consists of eighl 
public members, appointed by the 
governor. In elected chair. six legislative 
mcmbers Jnd two statutory members . 



4 February 6, /984 
OPI~IO~ 

'~'""~':-:'v" ....... '," .. ~. ~ ...... ' . .. .. . 

Integrity is the answer 
to sexual harassment problem 
By DR. ROCHELLE BASTIEN 

The anicle entitled "Sexual harassment is a two·way street" in laSt 
Thursday's paper raise's a number of poignant concerns about the 
problem of sexual relationships between professors and students. 

While the basic thesis, that both male professors and female 
students should assume responsibility for their illicit behaviors is 
quiie true , Dr. Farrell handles the issues concerning sexual bribel)' 
and fair punishments in ways that ignore the reality of power 
differentials between studenl,.'; and professors. In doing so, the anicle 
has dangerous implications for the continued abuse and harassment 
of all women and for the integrity of the campus community. 

Of the several analogies offered by Dr. FarreU, the one about a 
pohce officer being bribed by a person who wants to avoid a traffic 
ticket can most accurately be used 10 help in pinpoint ing some 
specific factors which may create , maintain and most importantly, be 
used 10 resolve the problems of illicit sexual relations between 
professors and Students. 

Imagine a scenario in which a young person (for the sake of 
clarity, we'll make II a young man) is driving away from the bank in 
which he has recently opened his first account, to hold money that 
he's now making in hiS first real job. Our friend has JUSt used his 
Readi· TeUer card and proudly sets a nice stack of crisp $20s on the 
dashboard as he drives away. He's so caught up in his self· 
admiration and dreams of success that he Inerally glides through a 
residential stOp sign . 

Now an olhcer who stops him may have no ambivalence 
whatsoever in quickly concluding that this "innocent" looking young 
man is attempting to bribe him. On the other hand , it's enti rely 
possible that unless the officer suspected some reason 10 carefuUy 
scrutinize the young man, he might not notice the bills at all . 

There are certain types of officers who may actuaUy want to look 
for bribes lying around, and may jump to haSty conclusions about the 
unspoken intents of an alleged briber when he spots someth ing. Let's 
suppose that this panicular officer was one of those types, analogous, 
of course to a professor who jumps at any hint of sexuality from a \ 
female student, whether or not she's aware of the "come hither" 
message that she's sending him. 

If tnls officer subtly communicates that the young man's traffic 
violation may be "overlooked" for that nice little stack of bills, our 
formerly innocent fnend might partake 111 the crime 10 maintain his 
perfect driving record . This is obviously a skewed example, with one 
person clearly being good guy. and one bad guy. But it serves to 
illustrate the point that serious errors and transgressions may be 

made when men use their own standards and values 10 jump 10 
conclusions about the hidden meaning behind that "FIashdance 
shin-off-her-shoulder." 

It is a fact of campus life, that there are many wide-eyed , excited 
young men and women whose behaviors border on the extreme 
when the)' first find themselves free of the watchful eyes of their 
parents. Some young women may revel in their newly found sexuality 
and this just may exude itself. 

They should certai nly be aware and take responsibility for some of 
the possibly dangerous ramifications of their dress code. likewise, in 
the analogy above, our young man was stupidly naive to drive around 
with several Crisp bills in open display. Why, if the police hadn't 
SlOpped him, he could have been jumped by a thug who'd observed 
the cash from a bus stop on the next comer! 

It seems so obvious that the young man's behavior, naive as it was, 
could in no way be used by the thug's attorney to defend his criminal 
assault. Yet some men would point to the clothes a woman wears to 
justify anything from verbal harassment to rape. 

Women should be aware of the potential dangers of wearing 
provocative clothing. This in no way takes away the responsibility of 
the men, especiany professors, who make overtures based on their 
own assessment of the "hidden message." 

But what about those situations in which there reaDy is an intent 
on the pan of the female Student (0 "bribe" the professor? If we can 
revert back (0 the analogy again, the same young man who 
innocently fell into a situation of bribel)' the first time wiD have 
driven away with some new information and perhaps an active plan 
about what he'll do the next time he gets stopped for a traffic ticket. 

When considering the solutions (0 problems posed by women who 
actively use sex (0 gain other rewards, it is crucial that we remember 
that these behaviors are not the innate workings of a slutty mind, but 
that they are formed through a process of direct or vicarious leaming 
experiences. and, equaUy important, that they are maintained by 
continued experience. 

If our young man tries repeatedly to present bribes to policemen in 
the future but finds that he is unsuccessful or punished for these 
attempts, he wU/ Stop trying! But this wiU only happen if the 
policemen - the ones who have been charged with the 
responSibility of authority - have enough personal integrity to 
absoluteIy forbid such negotiations. 

'(he power (0 set the Standards or (0 allow them ta degenerate 
1'/c(I"C rUfII ro 1)(lg" 5 

~®ttfr~rt'~n~fctt~rt'~n~fctt<elf~~®tttt<elf~n<etttt~rt'~n~rctt®rt'~n<'efctt~Ir~n~fctt<e;rt'~n~fctt<eIr~ncerctt 
tt®rt'~lettersn®fctt~Ir~n®ilit®lf~n~fctt®lf~n~tttt~Ir~n®llitcert'~llceilit<elr~n<ettfr<ert'~llce{illceIr~ 
lf~ll~~tt<'ert'~n®~tt®lf~nce~tt<elf~n®fdtcert'~ll®ilib:e:rt'~n®ttfrcert'~n~ltitcert'~n~ilit~lf~n<e~~~Ir~n~ 
ll®fr~<eIr~ll~ilit<eIr~ll~ftit~lf~n~tttt®rt'~llcett~~lf~llceltitcelr~ll<ellit~lf~ll~ilitelr$ll~ilit~lfn<efdt~ 
Editor: 

If a UCSD student were asked 
what type of education they were 
rece iving, most hkely they would 
re ply a "theoretical" education. 
Theol)' seems to be UC San 
Diego's speCialty. I have always 
found theory a chaUenge and of 
value to my educallon, however I 
have also desi red more speCifIed 
preparation fo r my potential 
career. Ot only have I desired 
skiU in my hopeful career before 
I graduate, but I also have 
desired the opportuni ty (0 see if 
the major I've chose n IS in the 
area I will enJoy most In the Job 
market Interships I discovered 
provide this expe rience. 

Thi s quaner I am doing an 
inte rnship with CalPIRG, and I 
am finally receiving training and 
experience in my field . Although 
I won't finish the quarter an 
expert in my prospective 
occupation, I feel more satisfied 
at having a taste of the real 
world. 

I hope Other UCSD students 
take the opportunity offered 
them through internships and 
receive rp :s valuable training 
also. At ( alpmG students do aU 
the wurk. they are not gophers 
and consequently learn through 
participation The program is 
vel)' structured and has 

professional guidance. CalPIRG 
has advocacy. organizing, and 
media positions so anyone can 
find their major interest or 
provide a stepping slOne to their 
career goal. 

What makes CaIPIRG even 
more i nteresti ng for me is that 
they are active in important 
issues. Currently they are 
working 10 help pass legi slati on 
in the areas of taxies and art 
supplies, a voter bill of rights, 
utility reform and recyc ling. They 
are also participating in a 
nation·wide voters registration 
drive. investigating the 
ramifi callons of the AT&T 
divestiture. testing the 
Community Right to Know 
ordinance on tOXICS in the 
enVironment , and running their 
consumer watch program. 
CalPIRG is an active , organizing 
group . 

last quarter I almost forgot to 
apply and had to squeek in 
under the deadline 10 get my 
Internship. Now is the time to 
Start th inking about Internships 
for next quarter, and I hope that 
people are aware of this and 
look into the program now. For 
anyone who is interested in 
beyond the classroom education 
I encourage them to check it out. 
The CalPIRG office is room 208 
of the student center and the 

phone number is 452-4873. 
Joan Clayburgh 

Editor. 
The presentations described 

below are of great publi c interest, 
particularly for those in their 
child bearing years. By getting 
the information to be presented , 
many future parents wi ll be able 
to spare their new·born infants 
the hOrrid and dangerous 
unnecessal)' shock a sociated 
with circumcision - which 
occurs without anesthetic! -
when only a few days old . 
Routine ir.fant circumcision 
removes ,1 health y ,lIld useful 
pan of the baby's body. It 
violates the child 's rights , and 
when enough people get 
informed about the matter, a law 
will be passed to forbid any 
doctor or Other person from 
performing that crime against 
helpless babies. Suppose parents 
authorized a doctor to CUt off a 
child 's ear lobes that were 
perfectly healthy. What would we 
say? What would the courts do? 
Why both parents and the 
doctor would be put in a jail or 
an asylum. Circumcision is also 
the amputation of a useful and 
natural part of a child 's body. 11 
has no medical Juslification. Can It 
have religiOUS Jusllfication? Apply 
it to the ear· lobes and you will 
have your answer. Equally clear 

IS the fact, that the child may 
reject the religion of his parents 
when - or even before - he·is 
an adult. Obviously, then no 
parent has the right to authorize 
the amputation of any useful and 
healthy pan of a child's body ' 
unless there is strong medical 
justification for doing so. Such 
an amputation is already 
forbidden bylaw for any other 
part o f the body. and it remains 
for the heart and brain of man to 
grow a step funh er and abolish 
the barbaric fraud of 
circumcision as wen. Russia has 
already advanced beyond us in 
this matte r: Circumcision is 
already recognized as a rime In 
Russia, .lIld is forbtdden by lawl 
What a shame upon this gre.1t 
bastion of human rights, that it 
is still practiced on about 90% of 
the boy babies in this country -
over 1,000,000 per yearl 

Robert J. Stokely 
Editor. 

The canoon on the cove r of 
(he January 17 issue of the 
Guardian (sexual ha rassme nt) 
was offensive , in poor taste , dnd 
slanderous to professors In 
general. Such a ca rtoon would be 
inappropriate anywhere in the 
paper, but to put it on the cover 
i, inp)(r ll< •• hlp I .lm <lIrf' I speak 
for many others as well as myself. 

Rona Hu 

Editor 
Tim Augusr 

Managing Editor 
Phil LlUder 
Copy Editor 

Joe Desiderio 
Opinion Editor 
Grace Nielsen 
News Editor 
lisa Lapin 

Contributing News Editors 
Christopher Canole 
Steven R. Friedman 

Phil Willon 
Features Editor 

James Ralph Papp 
Arts Editor 

Andrew Keeler 
Associate Ans Editor 

John Nee 
Spans Editor 
Jeff Savage 

Photo Editor 
Rich Pecjak 

General Manager 
Chris Milke 

Associate General Managers 
Linda Lewis 

Valerie McMullin 
Photographers 

Richard Caterina 
Rob Friedemhal 
Mark Johnson 
David Newell 

IUustrawrs 
John Ashlee 

Gamell Fitz·Henley 
Typeselkrs 

Joe Desiderio 
Anggie Lapid 
Phil LlUder 

Andy Laurence 
Production 

Hana Abrams 
Susan Emmerson 

lizz Fuller 
Vesna Kulasinovic 

Kelley Neal 
Stall' Writers 

Lance Bernard, Ethan Feerst, 
Sergio Klier, Michael Partos, 

Dena Rosen , David Wolf. 

The UCSD Guardian is 
published Mondays and 
Thursdays during the academic 
year by students at UCSD. Views 
expressed in the Guardian do not 
represent the views of the 
Regents of the University of 
California or the A~sociated 
Students of UCSD. All un · 
initialled edi torials represent the 
views of the entire editorial 
board of the Guardian ; initialled 
edi torials represe nt minority 
opinions of the editorial board . 
Reproduction, publication , or any 
use without permiSSion of .my 
portion of this newspaper 
without pnor notification is 
strictly prohibited . 

The Guardian welcomes signed 
lette rs and comme m,lry as 
outlined in the Opinion sec tion; 
however, we are not responsible 
for unsolici ted manuscripts or 
a rt. 

Our office is located southeast 
of the Revelle Provost Office next 
door to the Ch e Cafe on the 
UCSD campus. The Business 
Office is open from 9 am to 
noon and I pm 10 5 pm Monday 
through Friday. 

Subscri ptions are available and 
will be mailed first class for $15 
per quarter. 

The UCSD Guardian 
UCSD, B-016 
~ Jolla, California 92093 

(619) +.52-3466 

The special ambiance of 
yCSD's Cluster Library 
By PHIL LAUDER 

I'm sitting in Cluster Undergraduate 
library, up on the second level , 
affectionately called , b), those who know 
and love II, as "Heaven." Heaven is a 
nice place to be. At thiS moment I'm 
dOing what 1 always do up here: staring 
at all the people who are staring at the 
people below. 

Cluster IS an interesting library. First 
of all , it 's smaU. Walk in the doors, go 
through the turnstiles, and boom -
what you see is all you get. One main 
level with a second level of desks above 
the perimeter of the fi rsr floor. That's 
about it. It 's a cute , cuddly liule library 
with soft red curls. like the library 
down the street. Or maybe the library 
next door. 

Cluster is the antithesis of its bigger, 
burlier, uglier bl'Olher Central. Known 
more formally as Centml University 
libraI)', this monolith is the essence of 
the hard-core university. 1n a word. it's 
imposing. In a few words, it 's the setting 
of many a UCSD nightmare. Just look at 
it futurisllc as heU - visions of the 
21st century come 10 mind. You should 

be thinking, "My God, I'll be out of here 
by then, working at a real job in the real 
world " If that doesn't scare you. nothing 
will 

Then there's the matter of those eight 
Stories People go to thiS place and get 
lost on one of those eight StoriCS. 
Sometimes they're nOl found for weeks 
And just where did the third noor go, 
anyway? This is a scary library. 

On one of my first visits 10 Ce ntral. I 
decided I wanted 10 find a good place 
10 read a book. I went through each 
floor, searching for the best seat in the 
house. I seuled orr the sixth floor. To 
find the sPO(. get off the elevator. turn 
right , turn right again, go down the haU, 
and there you have it: an awesome view. 
Sure it's smoggy, but it's awesome 
anyway. 

That was my spot. I caught a few 
Sideways glances as I weaved my way 
through the toiling students and claimed 
a desk. I sa t down. And then I nOt iced 
it. Silence. Deadly silence. I received a 
few more of those funive glances. I tried 
to get comfonable. I slid the chair 

Sexual Harassment 
(ontin urd from pag~ 4 
within any system lies primarily with 
those wno are in positions of authOrity. 

In this country we have nccognized 
that tolerating even a relatively smaU 
percentage of corrupt officers who 
accept bribes would foster widespread 
abuse of citizens by the police, Clnd vice 
versa. That problem has currently been 
reduced to such an extent that you and 
I know that d' one were 10 tl)' bribing an 
officer, one would stand a good chance 
of being punished lor it (probably by a 
vel)' stiff fine) and one consequently is 
not likely to tl)' it. (In some other 
countries, however, where it is known 
that a larger proportion of the police 
force is open to bribes, even the most 
law abiding among us might subtly flash 
a nice fat bill if pulled over for a ticket). 

A quick look at how the payoff 
problem was reduced in this country 
provides direct implications for ways in 
which the problem of illicit sexual 
bribes can be managed on college 
campuses. 

Unlike prostitution or prohibition , 
this is a problem in which the well· 
paying jobs of a few easily identified 
people in particular positions are 
contingent upon their living up 10 the 
positions of respect and authority that 
they've been honored to receivj:, 

Dr. Farrell's disgusting suggestion thm 
the professor found 10 engage in illicit 
sex should merely have his hands 
slapped fails to recognize that the 
implications of the act on the part of 
the professor are vaStly different Imm 
those of his female student. Rather than 
attempting to decrease the risks and 
punishments for profesors, additional 
safeguards against such behavior should 
be implemented by obligating the 
colleagues of a "corrupt" professor 10 
report him. 

A police officer who falls to repon 
illicit behaviors on the part of his or her 
partner would be seriously reprimanded. 
A physician or psychologist who allowed 
a coUeague to threaten the integrity of 
the field by illicit actions would be in 

WHAT'S THE 
DIFFERENCEl 
The difference: A Written 

Guarantee. We have student 
discounts, arid evening hours, 

just like many other shops. But, 
unlike others. we back up all our 

work in writing. If, after we've cut, 
permed, or colored your hair, you're 
not completely happy, call us within 

seven days. We'll redo your hair at no 
extra charge. That's a big difference. 

9AM to 9PM Mon . • Tues . • Wed . • Thurs. 
gAM 10 7PM Fri. • gAM to 6PM Sal. 

La Jolla Vi/lage Convenience Center 
Next to Ralphs and Sill/'On 

457-3334 

back ... damn loudest chair in the whole 
City. Stares. All right , forget it. My cold 
made me cough a couple of times. 
Stares. I flipped through the book and 
Y'lwned . Stares. This time I Stared back. 
St.lres. Fine. I picked up my book , slid 
my chair back as loudly as I could and 
left. To hell with 'em; I'll go to CluSter. 

Since then rve gone to Centml o nly 
when necessary. Central's the place to 
go when you have three ten ·page papers 
due Monday. Unless that's the case, I'll 
stay here at good 01' Cluster. 

Really, it IS possible 10 study III thiS 
place. Besides offering some 01 the most 
helpful Iibmrians I've ever mrt , Clusre r 
leatures zones 01 total Silence for those 
who want to Jt least fecl hke they're 
.1Ctually dOlllg somerhlllg. People Me 
more tolerant of coughs here . Also. the 
Ooors arc carpeted so the chairs don't 
make nOise. 

But to get a feel for the real ambiance 
of CluSter Library. you have 10 go 10 
Heaven. Go up the Sta irS, find a desk. 
set down your books and ta re like the 
rest of us. You'll see a lot of people. 
You'll see a lot of people doing a lot of 
talking. This is not the quietest bUildlllg 
o n campus. But it is the most 
inte resting. . 

looking around, you'll not ice a 101 of 
backpacks. You'll notice a lot of 
calculators. You'll notice a lot of strange 
people gazing blankly into their phYSICS 
books. You'll notice those same stmnge 
people attempting 10 do even stranger 
things 10 their wrists and carotid 
arteries. In that respect , Cluster IS hke 
any university library. 

violation of ethical prinriples ano would 
ri sk losing his or her license So it tS 
revo/ting that a respectClJ person III the 
academic comm unit)' would not hesit.ltc 
to ope nly print III the campus 
newspaper that he smi led upon hearing 
heavy panting rmm a colleague's office . 

In summarizlllg I would like III 
emphaSize thm III spi te 01 m)' vehement 
opposition III a number 01 Dr. Farrell's 
POintS, I wholcheilrtedl), .Igree that b,lth 
men and women have partidpared in 
lostering the problem of Illicit sex 
between professors .lIld Students, illld 
that the primal)' solution to the problem 

~sts upon the integrity of all mvolvcd . 
When one considers that many other 

fnnns of bribery could be causing 
problems on college campuses. it 
becomes appa~nt that there IS in fact a 
high degree 01 moral value among those 
who set the Standards within the 
academic communit) •. For inslilllce, as 
much as professors complain about their 
saklries. they would never SlOOp so low 
as to an'ept monelilry payolTs from their 
Stude ius. Perhaps one can hope that 
they will learn to maintalll thl' same 

F~b".ary 6, 198,. S 
OPI'\1t )'\ 

But then you'll nOtice the people 
doing the talking again, and you'll 
notice they far outnumber the reople 
dOlllg the studying. Then you'l nOlice 
people reading the Guardian instead of 
studying. Then - before you notice that 
so far I've used the word "nOlice" about 
60 times in this anicle - you'H nOlice 
that you are reading the Guardian 
instead of studying. Then you'll notice 
your hand reaching to close the paper .. . 
no. wait!!! ... JUST KIDDING !! ... Aaah! ... 

... ... ... 

I'm sti li in heaven. Below me 10 the 
left , next 10 rhe books on religion , a guy 
has JUSt popped a balloon. I'm not sure 
why he popped a baUoon in the middle 
of the hbral'Y. I'm not sure he knows 
why either. Having committed hiS crime 
beneath the table, he Immediately drops 
the inniminatmg eVidence (the 
b.llloon), surreptitiously gUiding it back 
under hiS chair With his feet while 
burying his face into his book (which 
he hasn't looked at in 20 minutes). He 
tries to look studiOUS. hoping to escape 
the ignominy of the disgusted looks of 
his peers. Of course . the humor of hiS 
action seizes him by the throat , and he 
does well to keep his hysteria from 
erupllng into a blaSt of boisterous 
klughter. 

That is not what gives him away, 
however. Rather it IS the fact that he 
and his friends at his table are the only 
ones not turning their heads in search 
of the bozo who Just popped the 
balloon. 

Ah , but that's Cluster. ow get back to 
Studymg. 

degrel' llf IIltegrity whl'n conlronted 
With their own personal and scxual 
lIladequades .IS they do III the fa<.:e of 
finanCial diflicultil's. 

Ltke drugs, female sexuality is nnly 
powerh,ll when people (0/ both sexes) 
allow it III be abused . Doesn't it seem 
smmge that professors who command 
such n:spe<.:t ,md have sllc h high 
pers • .lnal integrity would allow this 
particular problem 10 persist on 
campus? No. 11 IS p,lInfully depreSSing 
amJ demoralizillg. but It docs not seem 
str.lngl' . In fact. it is all [l)O r,lIniliar. It IS 
sexism . pure . Simple. and rampant 

VI'. Rlldldl.: Elllstkll is (/ /lIt'mlla '~/tht' 
UCSD P.'i)'L Iwl,tKl(al Snvirn SIU,U: Sltc is 
PIlC oj lite (I'CJ/,/uw lor)o oj IIIL' mpe "idun 
IherapY!(loIlJl. 

Erratum 
In the January 30 Guardian, Victor 

Fuks was misquoted as saying that 30-
40% of San Diegans are Jews. The 
qUOle should have read that approxi· 
mately 20% of UCSD students are 
Jews. The Guardian regrets this error. 

,---------------------------------_. 
: SPAGHETTI! : 

ALL YOU CAN EAT! : 
$2.50 : 

Mondays: 3:00 pm til close I 
r------------------------------ I I UCSD Special : I 
IFREE Pitcher of Beer with any large Pizza: : 
I with this ad I' 
------------------------------- I Open for Breakfast at 9:00 am I 

Phone Ahead 452-0661 All Items Available To Go! : 
5 ~inutcs from UCSD campus 

3945 OoWI'OOI' Driw, Uniwrsity City, Safeway Shopping Center 
Houn: 9am - <,/pm daily; 9am • 11 pm Friday and Saturday 

---------------------------------



.' 

CQmmenta~ 

The faculty role: 
authors or educators? 
By NATAUA TORRES 

At a recent meeting of University of 
California faculty members, UC Berkeley 
English Professor Dr. Charles Muscatine 
was qlJO{ed as saying that there seems 
to be U a massive effort to evade the 
responsibility of teaching." 

Muscatine added, "Too many faculty 
members are professional scholars and 
too few are professional educators." He 
also argued that some faculty member's 
commitment to students -
undergraduates in particular - is 
second to the professors' ove~helming 
desire for promotion, prestige and 
wages that are earned through research 
ilnd writing. 

According to Muscatine. the 
administration weeds out good teachers 
who have not published and promotes 
second-class scholars with a pubhshing 
record. The result is that research and 
published articles are faclOrs ina 

YOU 

professor's hiring or promotion. In 
short. as a popular faculty motto says. 
"publish or perish." 

Ideally. every professor's foremost 
interest and responsibility is teaching. 
However, some UCSD undergraduates 
question the teaching commitment of 
some professors and complain that 
professors can be quite elusive and 
inOexible when it comes to arranging 
after-class office hour appointments. 

For instance, one engineering 
professor lists his office hours on his 
door as "by appointment only" and 
refers students down the hall to his 
secretary to schedule appointments. 
Another professor requires students to 
sign up on a list taped to h is office door 
for a l5-minute time slot. 

These types of restrictions on 
professors' olTice hours are discouraging 
to students who need important 

Your lIack"ollnd 

questions answered or who need help 
with coursework. 

Performance is also an indicator of a 
professor's concern for students and 
teaching. One engineering student said 
that some of his professors were boring 
because they seemed to lack interest in 
teaching. Judging by the lecture style of 
some faculty members. some rrofessors 
see students as an impersona mass and 
lecturing as a tiresome burden that takes 

. time away from their research and 
writing. 

An EECS student fdt tocally 
discouraged by a professor who seemed 
to approach lecturing as an "unpleasant 
and uninteresting obligation." With this 
type of professor at the podium, lectures 
become mwuaDy tedious. 

In fairness to the faculty, UC £acuity 
wages are too low and many classes are 
too large to promOlt much interaction 
between students and the professor. In 
addition, the imponance of research 
and writing for publication cannot be 
denied in a competitive university 
seuing where research and writing are 
the basis for a professor's status and 
authority. 

Of course not all professors are 
inaccessible and unenthusiastic about 
teaching. Also. many undergraduates. 
particularly in the liberal arts 
depanments. have no problem arranging 
after-class appointments with their 
professors. 

. Looking to the future. And helping to shap 
Be a part of projecls that go far beyond e 
defined technology. Live in a world where 
disciplines are static, few problems are sim 
and few dreams impossible .. . a world w 

e it. 
asily 

Aeronautical/ Aerospace Engineers 

you can make a difference. 

TRW 
TRW offers a wide range of 
challenging opportunities in the 
fields listed; projects that range 
from theoretical studies to small, 
medium, and large hardware 
contracts for space, digital 
communications. software 
developmen~ systems engineering 
and microelectronics. 
TRW offers full support for your. 
continuing education plus a work 
environment that is eKceptionally 
attractive to self- motivated people. 

TIIW wiD lie --u.,.' 
February 21 21 
See your placement office for .sign 
up information and plan to start 
sllaping your tomorrow. 

EquII Opportuaity Employer M/f/H 
U.S. Citizenship Required 

Computer Scientists/Computer Engineers 
few 

Electrical/Electronic Engineers 
pie 

Mathematicians 
here 

Mechanical Engineers 
Physicists Isolid slate and OPIICs! 

Whe,. YOII can start 

Anti Submarine/Surveillance Systems Engineellng • • lei Avionics 
• :3 Comm8l1d and Control Systems ltlet. 

Communications SateHite"Ground Stations Svstems I • .... Ie 
CommunicatIOns/Signal Processing Systems 

• Data Handling/Processing Software Systems Ie 14IJ. 
High Energy lasers •• • • Manufactuflng lei • Microelectronics let • Missile Systems Engineering !~AI'" .... :Ie .-j-. 

-Optical Communications Systems ~ I-I" 
Propulsion Systems • ~ Scientific/Manned Spacecraft 

• 
'I etet.e 

Sensor SystemS/Scientific hperiments •• I . 

Telemetry, Tracking and Control Systems eJ • • e 

lilr; 
TRW EI.c"o.ie. It Def •••• 

One chemistry professor. who is 
enthusiastic about teaching. said his ain 
is to keep his students on the brink of 
his research and experiments and to 
ha\'t them leaming along with him. He 
also points out that this is easier to do 
with smaU graduate and upper division 
classes than it is with a mass of 
undergraduates in a large lecture hall. 

Obviously. the "publish or perish" 
standard places the faculty in a no-win 
situalion. If a professor researches and 
writes. he denies his students the right 
tll a professionaDy' supervised education. 
If instead he gives priority to his 
students rather than to his projects, he 
jeopardizes his career and his 
professional standing in the academic 
community. 

Clearly. the University's practice of 
promOlion based on the number of 
times a professor is published conOicts 
with the primary purpose of the 
university: education. 

Waidng for dar Invasion, 
a video presentuion and discussion 
about the response of Americans in 
Nicaragua to recent developmems in 
US/utin American policy, will be 
held Wednesday, February 8 at 
7: 15 pm in the Che Cafe. The video is 
by Dee Halleck, a visiling lecturer in 
the Communicalions Depanmenr 
who has recently returned from a ten-
day visit to Managua, Nicaragua. 

Business and 
Technical Majors 
Highly responsible positions 
for college seniors and 
graduates (through age 34) in 
financial and logistic support. 
The Navy Supply Corps needs 
highly qualified, dynamic 
individuals to lead and 
manage large inventory and 
financial networks. Salary 
$18,500 to sta~, $34,000 after 
4 years. Excellent benefits 
package. Need 8A/BS, U.S. 
citizenship. Call Naval 
Management Prqp-ams, 293-
67-46, 8 am - 4 pm, Monday 
through Wednesday. 

DENIS 
GARRAHAN : 

formeIty of 
Coming A1tractlons 

YEARS A HEAD 
8950 Villa La Jolla Dr. 

Suite 2120 
La Jolla 
7 

. r-------------------~ 

. 

. 

SENIOR NURSE 
STUDENTS 

Adve,.ture ... CIra/~". J 
Pro/essiolUllism! 

An excit~ job with 
opportunitaes for world-wide 
travel, career development. 
professional growth, excellent 
benefits. BSN graduates or 
senior students are eligible. If 
you're going to be someone, 
special...Be a Navy Nurse! For 
more information call 293· 
6746,8 am - 4 pm, Monday -
Wednesday. 

. 

It's thiJt time of y.ear 

Whale watching 
enjoys tails-up popularity 
By DAVID WOLF 

EveI)' six months, boats of all sizes and descriptions 
leave from ports and marinas in San Diego Counry, 
filled to the gunwhales with people , in search of thaI 
mosr popular of marine mammals, lhe California grey 
whale. Instead of the traditional spear gun . the 
weapons of these modem whale hunters are filled with 
film . From the bridge. instead of (he orders of a 
Melvillian captain . come facts from lhe expedition 
leader. explaining the migration or the cetaceans from 
the Arctic to their winter breeding grounds in Baja 
California. 

No one knows when whale watching began , but the 
recent effons of French naturalist Jacques Yves 
Cousteau and Greenpeace, a Canadian conservation 
group, have made the activity a popular diversion . 
Many UCSD students feel that this is because of the 
th rill of approaching the massive an imals. "It's an 
adventure ," said Revelle sophomore Karla Spencer. 
"Whales are the son of thing you just don't see evety 
day." 

While seeing a whale up close is exciting for first-
timers, it is almost equally eXCiting for those marine 
naturalists for whom whale watching is a profession. 
Not much is known about the whale, so every 
excursion is a learning experience for lhe experts. 
-There is not a 101 of information about grey whales," 
said Scripps Aquarium naturalist Heidi Hahn , "1 mean , 
it is not very dilTicult 10 find out as much as everyone 
else knows and be able to present it." 

Hahn, who has been with the Scripps Aquarium for 
12 years, said that there is so Iitde known about grey 
whales that she acqUired most all of her knowledge of 
them from a stack of books and by taking annual 
excursions down to upper Magdalena Bay in Baja. 
. The natural. lagoon-like bay is a breeding ground for 
the whales during the late winter and spring. and the 
waters offer marine biologists and naturalists an ideal 
environment in which they may view these giants 
closely. The cOSt of such a trip is prohibitive to the 
average student. averaging $895 a day plus airfare, but 
for those who hold an interest the trip is well worth it. 
"We had one l8-year-old boy sign up for this cruise," 
Hahn said. "He saved up his money and went by 
himself." 

Since most people are not as serious about whale 
watching, the most popular type is the day or half-day 
cruise in which a charter vessel will take passengers 10 
sea for anywhere from $10 for a half day to $40 or 
more for a full day of whale watching. Most private 
charter companies in lhe San Diego area ofl'er cruises 
aboard sportfishing boats and book trips every 
weekend during December and January. Most popular. 
however. are the cruises in which a naturalist or cxpen 
in the field of grey whale migration will be aboard to 
give information and answer questions about the 
whales. 

IN MEMORIAM 

The Americ,m Cetacean Soc iety sponsors trips. 
before which there are often lectures or slideshows. Sea 
World oilers trips during the seasonal weekends. as 
does the Sierra Club. Scripps Aquarium. aside from the 
Magdalena Bay trip, offers only one weekend excursion 
annually. and that is open to members of the Scripps 
Aquarium Associates support group. "Popularity is 
never a problem with these excursions," Hahn said. 
-It's JUSl that I reaDy don 'l want to give up ,III 01 Illy 
weekends to le<1ding tours." 

The plight of the wh<1le ,md the threJt of extinuion 
lor Ihese beasts are still quite acute. Greenpeace 
newsletters are not remiss in reminding members th<1t 
there is still no international accord in reg<1rds to 
whale hunting. While the cmch IS limited by 
international law, the TWO largest whaling nations. 
Japan and the Soviet Union. slill dispmch their factory 
ships across the Pacific. Enforcement is almost 
impossible on these vessels. since they opcrate in 
international waters and there is no internalional 

MCAT 
Preview 

nrganl za!lon thar ca n effectively enforce catch limits 
Jnd fi sheries laws. Whale products, used In Ihe 
manufacture of c;osmetics and other products. are stili 
in great demand. 

While international waters are unsafe for the 
Ill igrating whale. the inshore areas are somewhat 
better. H<1hn s,lid that despite the increaSIng number 
nr offshore oil drilling sites. there is no evidence to 
suggest that this activity is harmful to .the whales. A 
representative of an environmental consulting firm in 
Solana Beach echoed Hahn's statement in reference to 
the San Onofre nuclear power facility . saying that they 
have received nothing to suggest harm to the passing 
whales. Hahn did mention. howevet. that the whales 
were not lraveling as dose to shore as they have done 
in the past. 

"It appears that the whales have been migrating 
south further off the coast than they had been, say, ten 
years ago." Hahn said , "People seem to think that lhis 
is because of all the charter boats going out to see 
them. The boats only go out a cenain distance , so the 
whales are going out even further." 

The Scripps whale watching program does not lack 
popularity: a 150 person charter sold out almost 
instantly hlst month . and a second boat had to be 
'Idded. 

With the only research on whales at the moment 
concentratIng on "biological energetics" (approaching 
whale migration from the food / energy requirement 
angle ). the Held of marine mammals is a vi rtual 
unknown. The whale has been watched by millions. 
studied by hundreds. and understood by few. 

This MCA T preview is NOT intended to take the place 
oj using the Kaplan Center, but is meant to help student 

prepare Jor how they plan to study. 
OASIS tutors & staff present a preview of 
the MCA T exam for aU pre-med students! 

Monday, February 6, 7:00-8:30 pm·, HL Audilorium 

Father Eugene M. Burke, C.S.P., associated with 
the Catholic Community at U.C.S.D" died this 
past Sunday in Los Angeles. There will be a 

memorial service for him on Monday, I Monu"y. Feb. I) - 7:00 pm/ Ove" """, "I MCAT E •• ,m. D IS~uss , o n of 
February 6th, at 7:30 p.m. in the University ' . 

Lutheran Church, 9595 La Jolla Shores Drive. 

NCK[ to BiM !kur Mkc &. Ihe P(lSt OfOee in Unlvers,ty CIty , CorncroFGo", ... nor Dr. &. RC'IIl'llt. Road . I 
,..---FLAVORS:----, · ONE FREE 50% YOGURT 
Chocolate Raspberry 
Boysenberry Praline'N'Cream 
Chocolate Mint Vanilla 
Lemon Strawberrycheeteake 
Strawberry Mocha 
Pumpkin Peanut Burter 
Coconut Blueberrycheeteatke. 

Call UI for daily fla"ors: 457-2339 

with the purchase of 
any other- site yogW11 

La Jolla Viii. Orive f UTe N"llt to ~r Bill Be.r 
It- If " In. 

~ 
THIS COUPON GOOD FOR ONE FREE 50% YOGURT 
WITH THE PURCHASE OF ANY OTHER SIZE YOGURT 
* Expires 2119 / 84 'it Only 2!.1 Miles Away! One Coupon Per ClUtomer 

)pcn Mon-Thurs IO:30am-9:30plll ; Fn-Sat \O:30am- IO:OOpm; Sun II :OOam-9:00pm .J 
---------------------------------------

• 

slUdy s'r,lIegl~s AdmiSSion. ml"rmJllon. PrcpJrJlIlln,ior IUlUr~ session . 
2 ·Tue"l"y. Fe/. 21 - 7:00 pm, hcm,s,ry &: B,ol(lg)' 
J M.IOIJ.ry. FrI, 27 - 7:00 pn1l PhySICS &: QUJnlllJII VC 
'I. Mondely, March 5 - .6:00 pm/R.,ading in USB 3060' 
• \,M, ,·\ .. ~h ~I' "",;,/ ,1'"'\ 1 

PRECISION 
HAIRCUTS 

for men & women 

Offer expires 2-21-84. 

737 Pearl 456-1170 
La Jolla 456-1815 \ 
-----------------T--------~~--~------~ $10 PRECISION: PERM $29.50 HAIRCUT I Long Hair Extra . 1---------------------for men & women I 

Shampoo, condition, cut. 
(Alowdry no, Induded. J 

: CELLOPHANE $15 



Religious Functions 
MONDAY .... DAY 
SIOO pili - Catholic Mass. Sponsored by the 
catholic Comrrunity at UCSO. In the Ulive'Slty 
Lutheran Church. 

MONDAY 
7100 pili - Bible Sru~. Sponsored by the 
CatholIC Corrmunity at UCSO. In the Catrollc 
Lounge at the Ul~sity Lutheran Church. 
7110 pm - Memorial Ser\.1ce for Fr. Eu~e 
Burke. 1111 are wefcome. in the Chapef of the 
UllIII!fSity luthl!!'an Church 

TUESDAY 
10100 _ - Bible Stu~. Sponsored fly the 
Catholic Comrrunlty at UCSO. In the Catholic 
lDunge at the Ulive'sity Lutheran Church. 

WEDNESDAY 
6100 pili - Student SuppI!I' and BIble Stu~ on I 
Corinthans. "" Welcome. Sponsored by the 
Lutheran Comrrurllty at UCSO. In the Lounge of 
Ulivl!l'sity luthl!l'an Churctl!' 
IlOO pili - "ExperlMCrng god In the FaIth of Our 
FatherS." led ~ caf1"4>US Pastor Jom Hubi!!'. In the 
Lounge at the Unive'sity lutheran Church. 
1100 pili - Bltlfe stu~. Sponsored by the 
Catholic Student Coordinators. In the Lounge at 
the Ulive'sity Lutheran Church. 

7.10-9100 pm - Inter·Varslty Christian 
Fellowship: TonIght . speCIal guest speaker 
MIchael Ev;n;-li!ylng will talk on "1Xh¥ Jesus?" 
Come 'pIn us as we spend tIme slng"'9 prayIng, 
sharIng, and stu~ing God's word. Everyone IS 
welcome, In Cloud's Rest on MUIr. 
10100 ..... - Candleflght Mass. Sponsored by the 
CatholIC Commurllty at UCSO. In the Chapef at the 
Ulivl!!'sity Lutheran Church. 

THURSDAY 
ZJOO pm - Cathokc BIble Stu~. Sponsored by 
the Catrollc Community at UCSO. In the Humpat 
Muir. 
S145 pm - Student Din~. Sponsored by the 
Catholic Student Coordinators. In the Catro~c 
Lounge at the UlrverSlty Lutheran Church. 
....an,SSIOn $2. 
7110 filii - cath:>1ic BillIe ~. Sponsored by the 
CatroIic Corrmunity at UCSO. In the catrohc 
Lounge at the UlNmity I..utherarl Ctuth. 

MTURDAY 
SlOG pm - CatholIC Mass. Sponsored by the 
Cath:JllC COn'fTlUnlty at UCSO. In the Chapef at tty 
Ulivmity lutheran Church. 

SUNDAY 
aoo • 10100 _ - Episcopal Church Worship 
ServIce: Sunday Eucharist and Parish ~loW5hip. 

Good SoYnaritan Eplsropal Church 4321 Eastgate 
Mall .... cross ~ from east ~d of campus, 
north of l.1 Jojla Village Dr. Intl!!'section of 
Eastgate Marl and Genesee. 
.~O _ - Cattulic Mass, Sponsored by the 
CatholIC Comrrunlty at UCSO. In the Ulive'sity 
lutheran Church, 
.0100 _ - Color s~de presentatIOn on New 
Guinea by rorrner missionary and now c:arJl)Us 
pastor .Joe Wetss of SDSU. In the Lounge of the 
Uliversity Lutheran Church. 
.0.10 _ - Cattulic Mass, Sponsored by the 
Catholic Comrrunity at UCSO. In the Studenl 
Centl!!', Bldg. B. lDwrr ~. 0IIice of ReligiouS 
.... lfars. 
•• rOO _ • 7100 ,.. - lutheran Worship 
ServIces. In the chapel of the Ulivl!l'sity lutheran 
Church, 
4tOO ..... - Catholic Stble ~, Sponsored by 
the cattullC Community at UCSO. In the Office of 
the CatroNc t..ounge at the Ulivl!l'sity lutheran 
Church, 
srOO ..... - catholic Mass. Sponsored by the 
Catholic Comrrunity at UCSO. In the Ulive'sity 
lutheran Church. 
7100 ".. - Episalpal Student ~IIOwshp pr~. 
song. bible s~, diswsslon, refreshments. fun. 
For Information call 565-6661. St. David's episcopal 
Church 5050 Milton St. In Clairl!lllOf1t, 
..S .... -Folk Mass, Good Samaritan episcopal 
Church 4321 Eastgate Mall. Nross Geneser from 
east end of ~ north of L.'I ..blla ViI. Dr. at 
Eastgate and Genesee. 

The Weekly Calendar 
Entertainment 
MONDAY 
Nooft.IIOO filii - Noon ronO!f't: Translator. AS. 
On the gym step~. Free. 

TUBDAY 
1100,.. - Jazz concert. CME. Music Dept. Free. 

WEDNaDAY 
1100 ..... - "Tooth of CrIme" UCSO theatre. 
Music Dept. Mnission S3. 
IlOO pili - KIVA ConCl!l't. CME. Music Dept. 
Free. 

THUIISDAY 
IlOO pm - "Songs. Drones & Intl!!'ludes", CME. 
MusIC Dept. Fret. 
1100 ...... 12100 _ - Musidarls ClIb Dance. 
Che Cafe, SI. 
Il00 •• 0100 pm - Film: "The Wall". PH loa, 
KSDT. S2. 

FIII~Y 
Noon - Noon roncert: The Four Soldiers, Rl!IIefle 
Plaza. RPR 
1100 ..... - .... lOnicafe Concert. B210. Music Dept. 
Free. 
1100 pili - Valentlne's Day Party. Musicl 
Danongi Gamesl Fun I Brrng your ValentIne or 
rome ~ and start the seaf'ch ... IJoin us In ''IJVhy 
Not Here 7' on Revelle Campu~. Refreshments. 
Sponsored by the CarrollC Student Coordinators. 
Mnission SI. 

SATURDAY 
IlOO ..... - Sneak PrevIeW: "Footloose", MCA. 
Free w/passes. 
9100 ..... - Dance concert with LA's Frontier 
Recordrng .... rtists The Three O ·Clock. The Odds 
and Noise 292 in the Rec Gym. AdmiSSIOn I~. 
9100 ..... - I2rOO _ - Jrd College Mystery 
Dance. Double Decker Bu~ from Cul-de-Sac to the 
Dance. SI for rod dance arid run. Dress casual. 
brIng frrends. Mystery Band. 

Lecture 
TUlSDAY 
ZIOo-I.ZO ... - The Urban StudIes and PlannIng 
Program IS pleased to announce guest lecturer. 
Harry PoikinhlOrn WIll De VISIting USP 105 Urban 
Studies in the U.S. -Me)(ICO Border RegIOn In HSS 
2333. Harry Polklnhorn. Prolesslona l 
Ph<xographer Will offer asllde~rowand leaure on 
the U.S.-Me)(ICO border regIon. 
1:JO-4:1O pm - Energy Center/ "MES Fh.Jld 
MechanICS Semrnat . Dr MIchael H . Wer. ~taff 
engineer. General DynamIcs Convarr DIVISIOn 
" lnterfflOiecular Energy-Tran~fer Process Induced 
by LaSI!!' IrradIatIOn" In UH 7104. 

SenAces~orkshops 
~Y 
9100 _ noon & , ............ - Student 
Health ~. Team presents the ~ 
Shoppe's Self care Cl!I'ltl!l'S 1Nher~ you can learn 
about 'Wert1!r1Sion II In 8 Amerttarls has itl. the 
right way to care lOr a CDkI. arld iillout skin care. In 
the Student Health Services downsUirs main lobby 
Monday-frlday. 
Z ...... ,.. - EVE group Is a behcMorai 
~ weight bss progr~ qlI!I'l to UCSO 
WOIT1I!r1 studl!r1lS. Its title "EVE" 15 to point up [he 
difliculty the I~ afternoon arid evI!r1ing hours 
pose b' those wro are t/)'ing to rrodify their 
~ . .-\ttention will be paid to strategies for 
roping WIth these times. with stres. with bad 
habits and other factors which promote 
ovl!!'eatlf1g. Group members will set goals and 
rewill'ds based on suppclfWe change strategies 
such as food eXChange plans. relaxarion. 
homework and peer support. Meets wet!lcly at the 

WiII'r~ College Outback caIe. Cor«act facillrators 
Bev Har).! at 452-3987 or Tmj~ Portl!!' at 452-
3035 10 sigrl up. 

TUUDAY 
9100-10110 _ - .... support group b' Rape 
VIC( ims will be olfered by Rochelle Bastien arid 
Chns Osterloh of PsychoJo9cal Services. For UCSO 
women students VIIho have bet!n llictinUed by tHs 
crime. the group will ~cus on the emotional 
Impact that r~ has on the viaim and her family 
and fri~ds . It will meet weeIc~ at HL 1003. 
Intl!!'ested students please call RochefI or Chris at 
452-3755 for siglup. 
Noon-I rOO ..... - Do you War1t to. know lTIOI'e 
about sexuality and birth control711 so. attend the 
birth control information session on either Tu~ 
or Wednesday. Both male and fm1aIe students are 
welcome. Session is strongry suggested for 
Women's Clinic patients arid their partners. 
Lecurette arid drsruSSlOl'l format . In the Student 
Health Services upstairs Io\.rlge arra. 
S ..... IO pili - Recovering from I:atll1g 
Disorders - Group I - This IS iI group deslgrled 
for women whO are attempting to control the1r 
weight In maladaptIVe w¥ sud'! as birlQlflQ. 
vomItIng. excesSIVe lastIng. and QVI!I'- U5e 01 
laxatll!es or C1iaeretlcs. The group foruses on 
helping women understand the refationshlp 
tlet~ therr leellngs and their eating behavtors. 
We focus on Interpersonal relatIonshIps . 

a~sertlVeness . and changrng bl!halllOr uSIng 
~tructured eXI!!'CI~es. behi!\llOl'aI chartrng and 
group dlsrusSJOn Meets wet!lcly at HL 1003. 
Offl!!'ed by lindsay Strober!. Counselng and 

f'sydloJo9cal Services. Call her at 452-34 56 
_DNaDAY 
• .. , .... _ - ~ Students' Support 
Group - This group is desigled b' rMntJy men 
and \NOII'Ie1 undergradute students 10 have the 
opporu.nity to share concems related to thefr 
trarlSition Into the academic world. The group 
prO\lides a w~ to maier mntiICt with other older 
SlUdI!r1t In a caring MIIironrnent. led by Miriam 
IosupcMci arid Chris Osterloh. Meets In 1-1. IO(B. 
Students should call Becca at 452-3755 to sign up. 

THlIRIDAY 
............. - Peer Counseling Group for 
tho~ RecovI!rIng from Eating Disorders lREO II I 
the main locus or this group will be to train 
studl!r1ts wro ar~ rl!CDllering from ~1siIIe 
eating habits Of bouts with eating cIsorders to 
become peer counselors. Topics will indude 
learning about various eatiflQ problems. Indudng 
physical and erncxional dSpe(lS. -"Itl!!' a period of 
training. group members will provide peer 
counseling and t!ducational service to other 
UCSO students. as well as provide mutual support 
and encouragement. Some funding may be 
available for peer counseling, otferedt¥BevHarju 
arid Boll Barrett at Counseling and P5ych01oglc.1l 
Services. Intl!!'ested students should call !'ithl!!' of 
them at 452-3987 for In~ and slg1 up. 
I ........... - C>.Iercoming Proaastinarion 
IIIIorkshlp - Open 10 all undergraduate and 
graduate students. this \I\IOI'kshop is desi!1led to 

~ participants overcome their reluctance "to get 
things cbne," The workshop will IoaJs on the 
causes of delay and struaured ways of 
constructively overcoming this behavior . 
IrrteractlOl'l with other partic.ipar'lts wMI be a part of 
each sesion. ~ by Hugh Pates. Psychological 
ServIces. at the RI!IIefIe PrOllOSt'S Office. Call Becca 
at 452-3755 to sigrl up. Meets br lour weeks. 

( 
.....DAY '.' 
"100 __ .100".. - ~ Connections Group 
- The oqea of this group is to achieve lifestyle 
managernmt and stres reCllalOn through light 
aerobic eXl!!'d~. rutritional analySis. wegtlt 
maintenarlCe. relaJIation and seIf~IS. By 
practicing healthful habits together, students can 
develop a comfort with their ~ Image. their 
......eIght. their ieIIef of stress and attain a reasonably 
holistic II1estyle. ~ I¥ Bev Harp, Counseling and 
PsyChologcai SefVIces and Dalym Profitt. Student 
Health Sl!Mce. Meets at Student Health. Open to 
UCSO students. Call Bev at 4 52-3987 or Daiym at 
452- 2419 lor nfo and to Slgrl up. 

Organizational Meetings 
MONDAY 
....... - UCSD Pre-Oental ClIb ~ 1Ir~ 
)00 up to date with wha('s In the 1It!Id7 Partidpae 
In OU' actMties. tours, courses. Information 
discuuions, fp;IrtIes 71. ftc. In the Triton Pub. 
........ - C~ lind out hoIN ~ Gr'IIUm to 
!he Biblr b' arlS\Wr5 lID dII~ problems at the 
Chrtst'-' Sdencr Orgnzation meemg. In the 

~ Inbm;JIlounge. 

aoctionl Good for lSAT. ~T. G~T, GRE. 
DGl'.Ts. AI the ReYeI~ Plaa . 

'l'WlDAY 

JIOO ".. - Musidan's ClIb SftIcs energetic 
peop~ intl!!'ested In all aspects or popul.Y fllJSic 
proclJaion. We meet at the PUb. 
... ".. - UJS meeting. \Nl! will be dIsWssing 
Seder. ~~. ~ tlr nect CJlMter arid 
etettions. C~ lind out what is going on. For Info 
on room call x3616. 

..... 7 •• ".. - ~ will be INkIng Up the 
SIrtII)IIID ~ our Qnar Awareness f«IIx~. 
All ClIb BIo/Med people I'IftC at 8clnner Hall 2140 
at 7:00. ~ need all of )'OUt ~I 

, ...... ".. - ~ men's support group 
contr1ues to I'IftC ~ach 1IIIect1I!sditJ. SIudfnts. 
ra:ulry. SUtIf. newmembt'rswelcomr.8ring,iltopic 
to cIswss. Sponsored I¥ IAGO. In TCHS 141. 

PWIIMY 
..,,,.IIIAY 
NDon - Going to professional sdlool7Come buy 
a Srarlley Kaplan prepaOl)' COUI2 at the Pl.£'\ 

~, .. ".. - C~ to ClIb BIojMed's 
lI(lch meemg. Friday at the Pub \Nl!'11 be 
cisaming our CiIncrr ilWarene5S progam arid 
other exciting tnIngs. ~ there. 

Other 
~Y 
2111 .... - AI the ~ dare and ~ Ms. 
IINtria 8uIIocII wiI be Llklng her ~~ exam 
In CCI*,et~ Ih. TO-tB 119. 

Academic Services 
MONDAY-fllllDAY 
... _ .100 ... - P.AL Confei'l!r1Ce5 - Don't 
spend more ti~ stu¥l9 Ulan neassayl 

Sctle<1Ileilone-t~P""llpmonalassist.Ylafor 
Iearningl confet'~ to streamline your stu<¥ng. 
The confet'ences will deal with your course 
materials concerns including reading 
compr~h~nsion. m~mory control, I~cture 
rotftaking. and test preparation. as well as hoIN to 
rnarICIgI! )'Our ti~. handle stres. concrntrate 
bettl!!'. and CMr~ proaastination. Sponsored 
by the OASIS Reading and ~ Skills Ctnter. In 
USB 4010. 
... _ ........ - OMIS \llll'iting Centl!!' 

~ free service for all UCSD students wro need 
pr~\MIting ~. c~ on aaflS. arid 
editing acMce. lIVe engage iInf kind of writing and 
iInf kind of writing problem. ConferetlCl!S are by 
appointment only. Eyenjng appointments are now 
also avaifat)le InQ4\SlS Third~atThirdCoIII!gI!. 
lFor the lIli farlge or seMen see bade of Fall 
Sctle<1Ilel. Call 452-2284 Of come by USB 4010 to 

1I'IIk~ arI appointment. This SeMcr is iMlilable 
througlout the quarter. 
.... _ .100 .... - Grammar Moses HotIine-
.... ~ammar hotfj~ ph:>ne-in servia for ~ with 
<iction. grammar ~ punctuation problems. To 
reach Grammar Moses. call 452-2284. Sponsored 
by the OASIS \llll'iting Centl!!'. Service available 
througlout the quarter. 
, ..... PIlI - Drop-In-Hours. For quick 
questions pertaining to career planning. job 
hunting. resume crltrquelng erc. For more 
ndiviellal attl!r1tlOn sIgn-up Of call 452-3750 ~r n 
~trnent WIth an advIsor. In Career Planning 
t-l. 1058. 

MONDAY 
1100 .... - Intersted In gettIng the experIence o f 
a lifetIme? Come get an rmernshlp at the AS 
Internship office We have Internshlp~ In practICally 
/"Vety field: politICal SCIence, computers, am arid 
many more. Summer deadlrnes for Interns hlp~ In 
San Otego: Apr. 27, CalifornIa: Apr. 13. WashIngton 
DC Feb. 17. Come apply at our office above the 
game room In the student centl!!' Mon·Frr 9am-
3pm. 
101100 .1110 .... - Graduate School Adllrslng 
Plarlnrng on graduate school alter UCSD7 Alter 
you attend a Graduate .... dllrSlng SemInar. drop-In 
ilt thIS time and talk to an irlIlsor for more speClnc 
or detaIled InformatIOn In the Student Center 
Bldg. A. 
Z.a.llOO pm - Flnoogthe Hidden Job Market 

Sports 
nmDAY 
7 ... pili - Surf Team meeting. 1111 surf tearn 
memberS ~ attend. In HSS 2305. 
7IJO ,.. - Men's baslcelball lIS. MJSiI PiIclfic. In 
the gym. Mnission 51. 

-~Y 
.. pili - \IIIomen's tennis lIS. USIU. On the Muir 
Courts. 

IWIMY 
ZIIO ".. - IIIIomen's tl!l'lnls lIS. cal Poly 1'omonCI. 
On MuIr Couru. 
ZIII pili - IIasdlaII lIS. Padft( ClYistiarl. On 

' 0Isen Field. 
IIJO pili - Women's swim lIS. USO. In the 

BO% of all job vacandes are unadliertised. This 
workshop will teach you a way 10 lind out about 
Ihe'n. In the Re\IeIIl' Formal Lounge. 
Your sldlls-your career. This worksrop helps you 
Identify and artKulateyour skills. - and relate them 
to particular careers. In the Revelle Formal lounge. 

~Y 
.... , .... _ - On-~s-lntetViewing 
Oril!r1tation. It you are interested in partiqlating in 
the on-campus intervielNlng this quartl!!', it IS 
marldiItory that you attend one of these 
oril!l'1tations before you rnteMew. In the ReYeI~ 
FoonaIlounge. 
.0100 _ HI In - TecttlOOk ~adiflQ For Ret:all 
- How many times should you read a chaptl!!'7 
Once! this workshop shows you hoIN to read 
effldl!l'ltly and transrer tedious hours into 
proWctNe learning sessions. Bring your textbooks 
arid learn how 10 apply learning efficIen<y 
ted1niques to your courses. TCH 141. 
, ........ _ - L.'Iw/MBA ~ng. l.1w or 
MBA school group acMsing hours for iInf 
CJ,Iestions concerning the appfica(1Ofl for law 
school or MBA programs. see the Pr~ 
l.1w /Management advisor on an Inbrmal basis. 
No appointments necessary. but It is acMsabII! to 
call nrst at 452-4939 if opm hours are being held. 
In the Student Centl!!' Bldg . ..... 
1.100 _ H I an - Resume \llll'l(lng IJIIbrksrop. 
Learn how 10 write arI el'lective resume. Start the 
process here then have your resume critIQUed by a 
Career Planning & Placetnent advisor. A must for 
on-c<mpus rnvervrewlng. In the Revelle Formal 
Lounge. 
Z.1O-41OO pili - Drop-in advISIng open ~esSJOn 
for Pre-MedICal and Pre-Dental students. No 
appoIntment necessary, OUt It IS advIsable to call 
flrst 10 ronllrm that the sessIOn WIll tle held In the 
Health SCIences Aalnsory Program Career PlannIng 
& Placement Center, Stud Or. Bldg. A. 452-4939 

WEDNISDAY 
9110-11100 _ - Drop-In advISIng In open 
sessIOn for Pre-MedIcal and Pre-Dental students. 
No appointment necessary, but It IS advIsable to 
call first to confirm that the sessIOn Will be held In 
the Health Sciences I'IdInso 'Y Program - Career 
Plannrng & Placement Center. Stud Or. Bldg I\. 
452·4939 
.0100-.1100 _ - Resume Wrrlrng IJIIbrkst'op. 
Learn row to wrltt an el'lectrve resume. Start the 
process here then have your resume crrtlQued by a 
Career PlannIng & PIac~t adVIsor . .... must for 

Recreation 
n.lDAY 
... pili -1AGO's Social HQJr . .... very WormaI 
gIthering of UCSO's IesbWI & !Pf COfmIM1Ity. A 
~eat ~ to meet other peoII! in iI CDITIbtabIe 
armospheI'e. 011 b' mor~ info 452-6969. In 'IOiB 
141. 

~ VII!w Pool. 
.... pili - Men's swim lIS. LJCRiverside. In the 
Caf¥J'1 VII!w Pool. 
7 .. pili - Men's baskl!UJalillS. Los .... ngrIes 
BcIptist. In the !lfrTl. Mnission 51. 

SATUmAY 
Noon - BasebalI- 1984 SR5OI'I opener lIS. Uliv. 
of Redlands - Double-Header - Marine 
CoIorg.Hll'd. bar-b-<JJe & concnsions. Olsen field. 
Noon - Men's and women's swim lIS. Cal State 
Nortt'fidge. In the CiII'¥'" VIew f'bol. 
• 100".. - Men's Rugby lIS. Occidmcal Callegr. 
On Muir Field, 
7IJO ".. -lIIIomen's baskl!UJa" 1IS.1'\zuSiI Pacific. 
In the G~. Mnission 51. 

orKarnpU5 interviewing. In the Revelle Formal 
Lounge . 
Noon - GoIng 10 Grad School] COO'll! tluy a 
Stanley Kalan Prep COUI2 at the f"L&. auaionl 
Good b' lSAT, M"'T. GM"T, eiRE. DGl'.Ts. AI 
the ReYelIe Plaza. 
..... Z.OO ..... - Interviewing Skills \XA:lrkshop. 
D:> )00 need help in preparing lor job intl!l'Views: 
Some tips on the best ways 10 present your 
qualifications and what kind of inIIerview 
questions to expect. In the Revelle Formal Lounge. 
Z ............ - Graduate )l(MsWlg Seminar. 
Planning on graduate schooJ7 For Information on 
application procedures , letters of 
recommendation. statement of purposes arid 
iKtnissions cntl!!'ia. attend one of these seminars 
by sigrliflQ up at career Planning & PIacetnt!nt 
Cerl(1!!' Student Centl!!' Bldg. A Of call 452-4939. 
Z II .100 ".. - I..ectlSe NotftakiflQ - M 
_age BNBS program will InclIde CNer 1.000 
hOU's oIlealSe timel \Jlll1I you get the most out 01 
t~ hours? This workshop will irr1"0\I'I' your 
listening ability, develop your notftaking skills arid 
introduce the extradorinClry mastety Ieill'ning 
system - a way to I~ ~r r«all as It ruts 
oown on s~ boredom. ~ed I¥ the OASIS 

~ & ~ Skills Centl!!'. In the Student 
C~tl!!' Bldg. B. Conf. Rm. 

ntWISDAY 
1 hOO _ - .-Job Market Tr~. Separate 
fact from fantasy. Our workshop will help you 
understand the changing JOb market and your 
Mure In it. In the Revelle Formal Lounge. 
Noon-zrOO ..... - .... represmtallVe from the 
Creighton UlrverSlty School of pharmacy WIll tle 
avalable to speak WIth students about pharma<y 
or the alhed health profeSSIOns. In Career PlannIng 
& Placement. Student Center. Bldg. A. 
1:41-4100 ..... - Interested In the health 
professIOns? 20 mInutes prIVate appointments for 
career plannIng advIce for students Interested in 
health careers Call In advance for appo,ntment, 
OUt no earlier Ulan one week. Health ScIences 
AcMsory Program 452-4939 In the Student Center 
Bldg. A. 

FRI~Y 
'0:»11:45 _ - Interested In the health 
professIOns] 20 mInutes prlllate appointments for 
career plannrng advIce for students ntl'{ested In 
health careers. C II in advance tor appointment. 
but no earlier than one week. Health ScIences 
I'IdInsory Program 452-4939. In the Student Centl!!' 
Bldg . ..... 



10 February 6, 1984 
NEWS 

. ,' .. ~_,:;" -, '. . ~, .' ~ .. '" "'".\.~~~.® . ~.,~.. ", , l' ~"'.. • y .N', '.''''~ ~~'.f 

Parking anguish 
""I/IIIII .. d/rll'" I"'~': J 
per Illomh lor parking elsewhere, ynu 
ride the bus. 

At an Diego 'tate . on the othcr 
hand , it is ea y to buy ,~ permit - and 
I f you can'r afford one, nne will be 
uppltcd to ),ou al Ihe information hut 

on the south side of campus absnlulely 
Iree and good aU day. According to a 
clerk at the 0 U parking "Ihee. there 
have been so Illany permits distributed 
there there I not tall), as to hnw many 
there are out there . ow do some 
arilhmetic. There <Ire 7500 studem 
spaces, according to the clerk , and 
around 35 ,000 srudents. With permit 
;15 readily a''<lilable as thcy arc. money IS 
not a conSideration in p,lrking on 
campu" ,1l le.lst n,lt to the extent that il 
IS elsewhere To lind a sp.Ke there 
;m)·tlme ,It all IS .m achIevement. 

And hnall}" <It U ' D's own medical 
center, acc,lrdlng to Finnecy, thne was 
.1 ' ivlc ,Ktllln on the P,\n 01 the re Ident 
liVing around the medIcal center to h,\n 
parking by ,tan members on residemi.11 
streets. llW medical cemer GUS must 
park In remote IlltS , Sllll1l' .IS far ,\\\'ay as 
POlllt Loma, and the stan members .Ire 
shuttled In IWIIl there . 

enainl}" these other universitIes 
have theIr p.lrking prnhkms, and it is 

5 111 a II <.:llllsol.1I1on lor the studl'llI fed up 
with full Ims Ihat U SLTs pmblcms are 
Il1I1lDr III compansnn . However. they .lrl' 
almut to get worse. "We hcar thaI the 
U D neighbors in the Lajolla area arc 
talking w the l'ity el)Unl'ti right nnw" 
said Fmnet'}', "and they arc lo,)king ttl 
ban Istude nt lears from (heir area Ithe 
neighbor hnod stree tsl ." 

P;\rking " n l';lInpus is n,)t an 
IIlsnlublc prohlem. M,)re It)t space is 
bemg .Idded . -There IS a new Ill! 
npenlllg next Wednesda)' at the enrner 
"I Gilman and Russel drives," Finnecy 
said . It IS located right over ncxt (() thl' 
Warren dnrms, .md It will h~l\'e 17 1 
parking spaces 111 It. The largcr pan 01 it 
Will be student parking. 

"Relatcd It) th,,1. there IS goi ng to be a 
shnl1 u.'rm / lnng term survc)' done lor 
Ihe UCSD mall1 campus b}' an 
inticpl'ndent eonsuillng f'irm ." Fi nncL'}' 
reported. -a nd lhat will stud ), nOl onl)' 
luture p,\rking but ruture tmrnc patterns 
on campus. The shltn tenn stud}' \\'ill be 
t,lklng plaL'e over the nexr six momhs. 

"Thl' long term plan will study a 
ckcentJ';litzed p.lrking plan imd things 
or that nature . So there is some talk "r 
evcllluilily turning'lO peripher.tl parking 
and a c;unpus shuttle, similar to thl' 

~yStl'll1 .It l)i·;ne)'I.lnd By kI ng tenn, Wl' 
me.lIl III rhe end 01 Ihe cemur), ." 

The ~ItLJ.Ill(ln IS apparently an 
Imp,lrtant conn'm for SD planners , 
but til thllS(.' wh,' still cann()t find a SpIll 
f() p:lrk on cam pus after p;\}'ing the 
llbllgawry S67.50 it IS sl11a ll w nsntltlo n 
that Ihe next genemtion should bc in 
better shape . 

While it m.I}· be imp'lssible to lind ,I 
space close to the major leclure hall s, 
there arc sull spaces availablc on 
GllllpUS Ims, even during the midday 
hours . "Parking on campus is adequate 
and with the future plans it is adequ,lte. 
What makes it madequatc IS thar people 
l';mnot necessarily park conveniellll}' 
where they want (() be," said Finnet'}'. 
"On any day there are empty parking 
spaces on thIS campus. but they arc 
ei ther up on john Hopkins Drive o r 
ovcr b}' the Warren Apallll1ents, You 
could go down there right now 112: 20 
pml and park - but iI's not l'llllvenienl 
by any means." 

Finnl't'}' wem on to point out that it 
is difficult to get UC approval to build 
new klls when those in existence are 
not full , regardless of locallon. "A permit 
allows a student the right to park o n 
<:;\mpus and park in a campus Itll :' sa id 
Finnec}', "it does nor necessarily 
guamnlee him or her a space 
conveniem to where he or she has to 
go." 

•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 
• • 
: Elmjoy a taste 01 E : 
: aIIIld win S5000., : 
• • • •••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• • 
.: . : . . 

· : m:· .: . CRlAPWIJIIb : • 
•• •• 
.: :. : ; ....... ; : 
.: :. 
•• •• • • 
•• •• 
.: :. 
.: :. 
•• •• 

• •• •• r_ur-____ '- • • .: ~~ : . 
.: :. 
• •• 
· :. 
: 1111: 
• •• . -

: :5. aa:;. ; : 
•• •• 
.: :. 
.: :. e .................................... e 
• • • Here's a test you can actually relax for. First, To enler; print the number of the country next to • 
• pour yourself a relaxing cup of General Foods· the can of General Foods· International Coffees • 
• International Coffees. Then match the six rich whose flavor was inspired by that country, • 
• 

coffee flavors above with the five countries of MoIIlN .... H,...a'o: O.F.I.C. T .... GfE~. __ . • 
o.p.rt_ 20, P.O. __ , WMIpcNt. CT _7_ 

• Europe that inspired them, And if No"", • 
• I G"I you, an,we" a'e "gh~ you couid be 

.:

'lL .... :'I • • .1.' $5,000 richer. Plus one winner from """"... • 
• your school will receive a $10 gift CiI)'/SI.,e/Z", • 
• certificate to the college bookstore. <:01'- • 
• Gene,.1 Food.' 'ntem.tion.' Cofl_. Sweep.wlee. 0tIIc .. , R..... • 
• 

1. NO PURCHASE NECESSARY 2. 10 enter . complete thiS ad Of' 3" x S" pt'ln poeceol paper With your hand ·""nted name, address, ZIP code and the name 01 your colI .. ge. • 
When usong Ihe ad as enlry. hand 'prontthe . nSwers 10 Ihe SIX queslion, In lhe spaces prOVided. when usmg a 3' I S" entry, hand ",ontlhe srx General Foods InlelOllional 

• Colfees ".vors In a lisl on , stp~rale 3" x S" pl,on prece 01 paper and nexl 10 each indicate lhe European country Ihal inSpired It by hand.pr lntln, lhe number 01 that • 
country's map. Mall thiS enllre compleled ad or olher enlry to GflC rule 01 [wope S-pstHes, Department 20, P.O. 8018186 • •• stpart, C out7 ..... Each 

• entry must include erther one proot-ol1lurcllase 01 General rOOdS Imernallanal Cohees (lhe "cup wdh lellers GFIC' cut from the plastic lid) Of the words "General Foods • 
Internauonal Collees Come In 6 Flavors" hand-Pflnted on a separate J" x 5" plain f)lece of paper 3. [nler as allen as )I:lIJ like, but each enlry muSI be mailed separately 

• Enlnes must be receIVed by Marcil 17. 1914. Not responSible lor IlIe{llble, damaged. lost. lale or mlsdlrecled enlroes, mechamcally reproduced entnes not accepted 4. One • 
• 

Grand PnIII <t S5.o00 and 177 Second Pnzes conslsUng 01 a $10 gift certlocate to each at lhe 177 partlelpaling college bookstores WIll be awarded Wtnners WIll be • 
deterllWllld by random drawing on Of abOul Marcil Z3, 1914 Irom among all correct enllles recer;ed by Promollonal Marketing CofporatlOll. an Independentludging 

• orgaOlz_ whose decisions are "nat Odds 01 Wlnntng Will be delermlned by lhe number of correcl entries receiVecl There IS a limot 01 one prlle per person and one • 
Second PnIII per college Pnzes may not be substituted. traoslerred or excllanged Winners Will be notified by mall prOV1ded they are available al !he address shown on the 

• entry or '- lunllshed a proper lorwardlng address to sweepstakes headquarters (PMC 65 Jesup ROad. Westport. CT (6880) 5. Sweepstakes IS open to registered • 
• 

college studeflls t8 years ot age or older al parliCipatKlO cotleges In lhe US . excepl employees and Ihen tamilies ot General Foods CorpOf81iOn.!heir afllliates. subsldl~nes • 
adVerl/SlllO and productIOn agencoes and Promotional Markel/ng CorporallOn VOId wherever prOhtblled or restflcted by taw All Federal, Slale and local laws and 

• 
regulatIOnS awty. Taxes are lhe sole responSibility 01 the WInners Winners may be reqUired to srgn an AllidaViI ot Eh{llbrtlly and PubllCJly Release I . To obtaon lhe name 01 • 
the Grand PrIZe winner. send a slamped sell-icxliessed envelope 10 GFIC Winner List POBox 2925. Sallll'ltuck S~llon. WeslPon. CT 06880 by Mlrell t1. 11 .... 

e c General Focxts Corporltton'~ e 
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

At this IlHlll1l'IlI. tlll'rc .lre Indel'd 
mme perm ib t h.111 t hCll' .lIl' ~p.ll'cs . 
liowC\'l'r. In addltilln tn thc f.ict th .lt Illlt 
all students .m' o n c"mllus at the ~.lInl' 
tllne, the univcrslI), IS pl.lI1nl!1g to I""'e 
built twO nl'\I' Illt s, according HI Finnl'cy, 
b)' j.lnuary of ne xt year, with ,I tot.11 nl 
1000 spaces. again m.linly all'leated to 
student spaces. 

Cnnsldering the openlllg 01 171 new 
spaces th is week and an add Itional 
thousand b}' }'ea r's end, the sh,)rt tcrm 
parking difficulties seem to be well on 
their way to a solutiun . 

For now. though , instead of driving 
yourself l'rJ.ZY looking lor it spllr in lot 
Ib I()r 25 minutes, save somc sanity , he 
more fuel ertil'ielll and a linle healthier; 
park )'our car at Third or Warren and 
walk III class. Not only will you find out 
thm your legs have life arter 16. but ynu 
will rCillize th", the piHklng slIumio!1 
isn 't as horrid as it may sel'lI1. If it is 
w id , wear a jacket. If 11 mins . bring an 
umbrella. 

At least. iI you arc stili angry al'rer 
finding your space you G in 
(l'Onvenielllly) walk by the parking 
office and ask whcn the new lots will be 
wmpleted . And if you should go there , 
remember first what Assistalll M.mager 
of Parking and Transit Systems L.\Ur.1 
Rey said: 'There are people here who 
reall)1 care and we are doing as much ;IS 
we can as'I~I~t as we can," 

NAVY NUCLEAR 
ENGINEERING 

any better offers? $24,000 
to $54,000 after 6 years, 
If you are 19 to 26 years 
of age majoring in math, 

chemistry, physics or 
engineering and would 
like to learn more about 

this opportunity I ~ , 

CALL 
COLLECT 
(619) 

293-6746 
Call between the hours of 9 
am to 5 pm, Mon, thru Wed. 

ACIIOIS DOWN 
I lSAI tvAI • NMB , GRE PSYCH 
2 GMAI '1 10111 2 VilE II GRE BID 
lGRI 11 ~SAI ]lOMG 11 ACHIEVEM£Nt~ 
4 MCAI 12 P'>AI 4 flEX 12 NUR~ING HOS 
S OAf 13 'AI 5 NOH 13 CPA 
6 MAl U ~II ' NPB I 14 SPHU AI AOIN!, 
I IJf AI 15 \,1"p I NCB I 15 ESI REVIEW 
I III.M I r.(,fNf 16 INIRO 10 

I AW SCHOOl 

=~ EDUCATIONAL CENTER 
4 ,./ I, I •• · ... N ... ... .. , 

Son Diego Center 
2180 Gamet Ave" Suite 2D 
Pacific Beach 92109 

(619)2~10 
M.L. McNulty, Administrator 

February 6, 1984 11 

l.r~ ~U"."'IUJI''' 
. ~..ra .... c.u .. 11 

A black mark on life's page 
!iiiO 

By L L BREAUX 
Here I sit on this beautiful Sunday 

afternoon pecking at a multi-keyed , 
mechanical device which makes little 
black spots on the paper. That is aD 
these letters and words are, little black 
spots on the paper. Pick up a paper 
wrinen in Chinese and you will ~ 
what I mean. 

Even if something is wrinen in your 
native language sometimes it barely 
seems to help. You read and you read 
and the words and the phrases make 
little or no sense. Who knows why? 
Maybe it is because you are too Slupid 
to comprehend. Maybe it is because the 
person who made those little black 
marks was too stupid 10 write. Maybe it 
is a little of lxxh. 

People insist, nonethdess, on making 
these little black marks. Some do it to 
transmit raw data. as in a textbook. 
Here there is no excuse for being tricky, 
There is only the attempt to clearly 
outline the ideas and concepts which 
the text makes it its business ·tef . 
somehow bring [0 your understanding, 
so that on the next quiz the black marks 
you, put down coincide with what the 
text says is the proper way to pur down 
black marks. In many ways, being in 
school juSl means learning how to put 
down black marks correctly. 

But, you say. there is so much more 
(0 it than JUSt the black marks. Because 
of these black marks I now understand 
how (0 take a third order derivative, or 
how to Slrucrure a formula for an 
organiC compound, or how (0 do the 

multiplicity of things which black marks 
on paper aDow you to do. Paper and 
black marks. black marks and paper. 

Some people are in the Slrang habit 
of taking these black marks personally. 
Once in a while you find a literature 
Sludent with this tendency. This arises 
from the fact that literature students can 
do that with their black marks. Science 
SludenlS do not have this opponuniry to 
any great extent They have to fonn an 
abstract sySlem in their heads, based on 
the SYSlem perpetrated by their 
textbooks, professors. TAs and maybe a 
friend or (WO. Their black marks mean 
exacdy something in a very tighdy 
organized system. 

Besides hard science and literature 

Les b~tes noires, 
• 

mes amlS 
By JEff. EASTER 

Can one nuly imagine the thrill. the 
rush , the ovetwhelming sensation of 
bliss that I experience every time I step 
over the threshold of my house, shelter 
from the rury of a California winter. I 
slam the door shut, thl'Qwing my soft, 
fleshy 'chest against its massive, hard 
frame. Then I tum, gasping in relief, my 
tongue hanging out of my mouth , 
panting, sweating, palpitating. quivering 
in ecstatic alleviation, I am safe. Safe 
from the hordes, the legions, the 
omnipotent masses of evil, plotting 

misanthropiSls that cover the eanh like 
a slimy slug engulfing a grain of sand . 

I know that they are out there . 
waiting, watching, scheming to catch me 
unawares. planning for the next moment 
when my door opens. so that they can 
overrun my sanctimonious abode. But 
no! I will not let them violate my 
virginal home. I deadbolt the door, set 
the alanns and my ingenious booby 
traps and scurry ofT to my bedroom like 
a frightened cockroach. 

The bedroom - my inner sanctum, 
Here I am safe from the prying eyes. the 
ravenous fangs . the clutching talons of 

,----...... -------'with this coupon-----·---~···---i 
: . Bay! : 

:~ Hambarler i 
t G:! ili~ ¢~I f. 
i DaJly after 2:00 and aD day Sunday S 

..... M.GUY 18, 1... i j ----We dIo .... 50IIp aM SUd. CI 
! .&1,.. ! 
: 2152 Avenida De La Playa 454-8038 I 
L ____________ .with this coupon------------.: 

there are some strange subjects which 
occupy a middle ground. like economics 
or psychology, These subjects may claim 
to be scientific, but then , anything can 
claim to be scientific. Deodorant 
commercials on TV can claim to be 
scientific, Feminine hygiene 
commercials (aren't those great?) like to 
get down' to the scientific nitty-griny. 
The advenisers u:y to capture the buying 
power of all those scientific women out 
there . But I digress .... TV is not tnade up 
of Iinle black marks. It has a picture and 
sound to match. The subject here is 
books. 

Books, books. books. It is kind of a 
dumb sounding word if you say it afew 
times. It also means hurry, as in 

the sickening beings that plague my 
ventures into the world . My bedroom 
has no windows. It has no bed, for I live 
in the smaU cubbyhole beneath the 
stairs. Its absolute darkness comfons me. 
The beades and spiders that inhabit its 
forgotten comers keep me company as 
they scuny hungrily over my body. I 
laugh as they crawl over my naked flesh , 
as their legs tickle my soft inviolate skin, 

These are my friends, the only beings 
I trust , the only creatures not deselVing 
or absolute disdain and disgust. 
OccasionaUy I mistakenly crush one. 
With a Sickening crunch and crackle . 
one of my companions leaves this 
world . And I cry, cry madly. sob 
hystericaUy, snivel uncontrollably. I 
plead with the spiders and the beades, 
begging them not to leave me, begging 
their forgiveness. And the insects run 

"booking right along: which is 
something I am sure we have aU done 
from time to time. Even now you would 
like me to book along and get to the 
poim: The poim. A poim is a sharp 
thing. Am I nor sbarp? let us be blunt 
here. . 

Perhaps I should assume a Slyle of 
academic poise and comrol. Thusly I 
shaU hypothesize in order to facilitate 
abSlract modalization, The laner. in 
reference to the former, inculcates 
multiform dimensional analysis of 
variant critical and colloquial flux . 
There. See if you can disagree with lhal . 

Okay. I am back. It took a few 
minutes to recover fl'Oll1 those twO 
semences up there. It does make sense, 
if you are wondering. The subject here 
is books. I am not talking about books 
on other books. I am talking about 
books as a primary source where it is 
juSl you and the book. norhing else. 
.You, the book and the universe. You 
read a book and you think. "What has 
this book to do with me and the 
universe?" Maybe you think that. Maybe 
you think, -That was a Slupid book, 
having little or nothing to do with either 
me or the universe." Maybe you think, 
"Good book. This book has many things 
10 do with me and the universe." Maybe 
the book you just read has a lor to do 
with you and the universe, but it is still 
a srupid book, because it did not get the 
pan about you and the universe quite 
right. It is even possible you do nor care 
about you and the universe as it can be 
expressed through books. After aU , it is 

pl~~ tum to pagt 12 

madly to and fro, crawling. jumping, 
sprawling. sliding all over me, frightened 
by my impassioned fre nzies . I howl 
placations at them, but they do not 
listen. And I become angry, angry at my 
only companions. 

Why do they spurn me so? Why do 
they betray my love1 Why do they hide 
from me in my time of intense need? I 
scream obscenities at them. I grope my 
way around in the darkness. When I 
catch one, I slowly crush it between my 
fingers. Then I smear its innards on the 
waU. Hah, hah, hah! I laugh uproariously 
at my cruelry. Hah, hah-. hah! I am God . 
I control the fate of these inSignificant 
peons. Hah, hah, hah! I kill them. Hah, 
hah , hah! I ktll them all . Hah , hah , hah! 
I tear their legs off one by one. Hah, 
hah . hah! I am God. Hah, hah. hah. 
hah . hah. hah! 



Spots 
continued from page 11 

C·aruso------------------ by Klier only a bunch of black marks on the page. What could il possibly have 10 do 
with you and the universe? 

t ( 
...... ... .... ,a 

$ $ $ $ $ 
$ $ $ 

$ $ $ 
$ $ $ $ $ $ $ .$ 

.. .RetarDiD8 to UCSD In 1984 85? 
••• WIII you need money? 

The deadline for filing your 1984-85 
finandal aid and scholarship 

applications for priority 
consideration for all three quarters 

of 1984-85 is 
FEBRUARY 9, 1984 

If you need application forms, 
contact your college Student 

Financial Services office 
immediately! 

Remember, you are responsible for 
applying on time and submitting 

required documents. 

$ $ $ $ 
$ 

$ 
$ 

$ $ 
$ 

$ 
$ 

$ $ $ 
$ $ $ $ 

I do not reaDy know what to say 
about this last problem, except ,hat it is 
hard to make a very good picrure of you 
and the universe (friends, family, pets, 
the whole shot) when aD you havc to 
work with are these lillie blade marks on 
the page. We aD know the universe, 
whatever iI mayor may not be, docs nOl 
even remotely resemble little black 
marks on a page. But then again, these 
litde black marks are still part of the ' 
universe, right? And let us, for the sake 
of the argument, a.gree that those little 
black marks acrually make some kind of 
an attempt to point to something either 
in you or out there in the universe, and 
if they are good quality black marks, 
maybe they can even point to 
something inJou and out there at the 
same time an ,carrying this whole 
thing just a bit further, maybe they can 
evcn rrlcllt those two things. 

I do not mean to mislead you here 
into thinking that the words themselves 
jump off the page and relarc you and 
the univcrse. That is not at aD the case. 
You have to use your (get ready for this) 
imagination . Not the imagination that 
sometimes makes you think you are a 
loser in life, but good clean imagination. 
It is like a movie, only you havc to do 
aU the work. In some ways it is even 
better than a movie, because you can 
imagine things however you like. As Jim 
Morrison said, you haven', yet been 
"reduced to a pair of eyes staring in the 
dark." 

ThC)! keep books in libraries. You can 
go there and get a book. You can take it 
wherever you like and read it. So read a 
book if you want to. Go ahead, read a 
book. Give those litde black marks their 
just deserts. 

Valentine's Day Personals 
only 50~ (per 100 characters) 

Come to The Guardian before 
noon on Friday, 2/10, and see 

your Valentine's wish. 

twO ROOKIES - First-)'tar huuJ coach Tom MarshaU andfrtshman Greg Kamanslry. 
getting his first Slarting assignment of tht )'tar. both playtd major roles in UCSD's upstl win 
(Ntr Point lorna Nazt;Jrrne, Kamanslry provided much of Ihe offenst while MarshaU's 'freak 
defenst" bdJIfed the Crusaders. 

By MIKE GREENBERG 
Afrcrwards, Tom MarshaU was ecstatic. 

Hugging his players, Joking with the 
crowd and media, UCSO's head coach 
was like a little kid whose parents let 
him stay up past his bedtime. MarshaD 
was the last one to leave the Pavilion 
Friday night, savoring every minute of 
the Tritons' impressive upset 80-74 
victory over division-leading Point Loma 
Nazarene. 

Before 700 Spirit Night fans, 
MarshaU's squad performed like 
champions, exhibiting the consistency 
that has eluded them the past two years 
- no turnovers at inopportune 
moments, no mental lapses or poor shot 
selection . Instead, UCSO played with 
the intensity and tenacity of a great 
ballclub, a trait that most skeptics did 
nor believe they possessed since they 
entered the contest with a pitiful 1-5 
record in league play (5-14 overall). 

"Since I've been here [three years I we 
have never played a better game, with 
the possl~le exception of [the game 
with Oivision II Loyola Marymount last 
year," said an emphatic Marshall. -But 
fOT myself, this is my beSt win ever 
because I knew the guys could play this 
weD .... I was hoping we would play this 
weD; the last few weeks have been pretty 

fru~ting." 
Those last few weeks have 

accompanied a Triton four-game losing 
streak, broken Friday night against the 
Crusaders. Amidst the streak were some 
dreadful performances by UCSO, 
indicating to some that this club would , 

have [0 fight and claw just to make the 
playoffs (eigh~ of the ten teams in the 
league qualify each year). 

But those who saw UCSO put on a 
basketball clinic against one of the top 
teams in the conference were shouting 
that now nothing is impossible, 
including a trip to Kansas City as the 
district champion , 
. -If UCSD plays the way they did 

tonight. they can beat anyone," said 
Point Lorna forward Scott Vaughns, who 
was the game's high scorer with .n 
points. -I'd even say that they could beat 
Westmont on their home floor, with 
these fans behind them, if they can PUt 
together a game like they did against 
us." Vaughns , a 6-5 senior from New 
Jersey, threaded the nets for 19 points 
in the first half. but was limited to JUSt 
2-6 shooting in the second half by a 
Triton defense that played 
magnificently. 

Most of the credit to UCSO's inspired 
defensive play does not go to the 
players. Instead, coach Marshall deserves 
the accolades from his peers and fans 
alike for installing a defense 
appropriately labeled "the freak. ", Many 
fans probably surmised that the Tritons 
shut down Point Lorna's great 6-6 center 
Oeon Richard with a tough 2-3 or 3-2 
zone. They werr partiaDy correct The 
freak defense is one in which three men 
on one side of the court play zone, 
while the twO other players pick up 
whatever Dpponent is in their arra: 
three players in a zone, two in a man-

- -.-

, 

SOFT CONTACT LENSES 
In 
most cases 

.'QUDES: 
Contact lenses, examination, 
patient training, follow up, 
chemical care kit and fitting. 
IX1INDED WEAR LENSES 
ONLY $165.00 

THE CLASSICAL EYE 
DR. ROBERT HEUER OPTOMETRIST 

La Jolla Village Square 
(Inside the Mag; Lower L~el) 

86S 7 Villa La Jolla Drive. Suite 136 
451-7374 

Hydrocurvc extended wear lenses available. 

The Sp-irit answers the call 

Possessed Tritons 
stun Crusaders 80-7 4 
to·man . It worked to perfection. and 
upon the game's conclusion, Pomt 
Lorna's head coach Ben Foster still had 
nor figured out what Marshall had 
implemented . 

"That zone by UCSO is rough . They 
used a 3-2 and 2-3 on us most of the 
night: said Foster, who is widely 
regarded as one of the best coaches in 
the conference. "They played superb 
defense in shutting down Deon 
(Richard), and we had to live from the 
outside all night long. You can't do that 
and expect to win ." 

Upon hearing Foster's remarks , 
Marshall commented while sporring a 
boyish grin that would put Theodore 
Cleaver to shame, -He [FDsterl won 't 
know about the freak when we play 
them again in February because it is 100 
hard to detect." Marshall devised the 
defense one' night last summer while 
coaching at the Jack Ramsey basketbaU 
camp. Apparently, Ramsey (the I?onland 
Trailblazers' coach), Jimmy Lyman (the 
Clippers' head coach) and MarshaU 
were up late one evening when the 
Triton coach asked his rwo colleagues 
what they though! about a defense in 
which half the team plays zone and the 
other half plays man-to-man. Ramsey 
and Lyman both thought the idea was 
superb, but MarshaU has been cautious 
about using the freak often this season. 
But knOWing that Point Loma matched 
up very well against any rype of zone , 
Marshall decided 10 be courageous 
Friday night. If there was one key to 
UCSO's upset, it was the 
Implementation of the freak. 

Two Tritons who basked in ob§(:uriry 
most of the year emerged against the 
Crusaders with their best perlormanccs 
of the young season, Center Mike 
Oabasinskas dominated the middle and 
Dean Richard (a match-up that seemed 
overwhelmingly in favor of Point Lorna 
before the game) for 16 points and ninc 
rebounds, while seldom-uscd freshman 
Greg Kamansky, in his second starring 
assignment , buried eight long-r,mge 
jumpers en route to a career-high 17 
points. 

A Kam.msky 19-f(10t rai nbow from the 

left of the circle gave UCSD a lead they 
would never relinquish at 54-52. The 
Tritons raised the lead 10 nine before a 
late Crusader surge made the final score 
closer than it should have been . 

Meanwhile, Oabasinskas (a key figure 
In the freak because he will almost 
always be the player playing the man· to-
man) was eating up Richard in the first 
stanza defensively (limiting the star 
center to four points), and, surprisingly, 
ofTensively as well . -Oabo" was the 
reason both teams departed to the 
locker rooms with UCSO holding OntO a 
44-42 lead . On several occasions, the 
Triton 265-pound center muscled his 
way inside the Cr:usaders' 2-3 zone for 
tough four- and flve · footers. Midway 
through the second half, with the game-
still hanging in the balance, Dabasinskas 
actually called for the baU (something 
that happens about as frequently as a 
world war), received it six feet from the 
basket on the right baseline, and 
proceeded 10 sky hook a la Kareem 

,>i,·IIs.,· lurn ,,1 'l<I~l' J 8 

BIG DABO - Mike Dabasinskas controlled 
the middle throughout the evening. 

Have a College Degree? ' 
Interested In a Nursing Career? 
Try a 12-month Curriculum to 
Complete a B.S .. N. Degree at 

School of Nursing 
California at 24th Street 

Omaha, Nebraska 68178 
(402) 280-2009 



-, -

1.. February 6, 1984 
~I'ORI" " 

~ , ? " .. '~'.. • , • • • • ". • ." ." • • 

UCSD evens record at 10-10 

McKeone rescues Tritons in a cliflhanger 
By IAN LANGDON 

"Allcn dril!blc.1 down Ih l' nllddlc wllh 15 
sC(onds JeJt and passes down low 1<) 
Francis. Francis pivols kJI arId her Jumper 
misscs cvcrYlhlllg ... /Jut Ihae 's Shdlcy 
McKeont' , she gels Ihl' rr/l()tmd and I>unkl 
It in, The TrilOIlS Will 72-70." 

The Spirit Night crowd went crazy 
lasr Friday nigh t as the Lady TritOns 
held ofT UC Riverside in a wild and 
exci ting finish . Though the game was 
anything but your classic round ball , the 
finish provided the Tmons wIth their 
goal - a win. It evened their season 
record at 10-10. 

The much ta ll er TritOns controlled the 

up Ihe scoreboard with 25 pOints. "' elk 
played ternfic ," said Malone "She 
played small and gOt good position all 
night." The Tritons are begi nning to 
take her great games In stride since she 
has had so many of them . 

Anot her bright spot has been the 
emergency of Shelley McKeone. "We 
needed her all year long," comme nted 
Malone. "Shelley is just getting 
comfollable with the team and the 
season's almos t over." She had 21 po ints 
on the night Including the winning 
basket. Malone ci ted "good hands" ,md 
"quickness" as McKeone'S strong poi nts. 

T eik Francis again turned in a strong .. consistent 
petjormance .... The Tritons are beginning to take her great 
games in stride since she has had so many of them. 

game throughout. but a felsry full COUll 
press by UCR kept the contest dost' . 
Outstanding performances by Kim Allen. 
Teik Francis, and Shelley McKeone 
salvaged the game for San Diego. 

Allen , playing perhaps her !"inest game 
of the year at point guard , threw pass 
.ICter outstanding pass to her fellow 
teammates. .lId coach Judy Malone, 
"Kiln plugged some great passes intll 

helley (McKellne ) and Teik (Fnmcis ) 
when we reall}' needed them ." Allen had 
9 ,ISSlstS lln the night , and along wllh 
'ue Semmu, was Instrument,11 In 
breaklllg the Riverside press. 

Telk FranCIS agall1 turned In ,lnot her 
strnng. consistent periorm.mce. he iii 

-he needed both ro hit the last basket. 
Though it goes down 111 the books as 

" win, the game was marred by 
turnovers. Miraculously enough, the 
Tritons had ,111 unbelievable 31 
turnovers and still won the game. "We 
were ready for ,heir press bUI it took us 
,I while to properly set up ," said an 
elated Malone. She was not so happy 
about the turnovers , but she was ecstatic 
about the team's fou ls (or lack thereof). 

"How about that. We only gave them 
one bonus free throw " smiled Malone. 
The Tritons had been plagued b), fouls 
all season , and it was evident that they 
were losing games beGluse of them . But 
tonight was a different 5tol)'. 

Under 10 minutes away! 

7140 Miramar Rd. 
San Diego 

· .... IfI!III~I!!!------------------___ .. _..J1 .I~ ~OM~-------------

II GETONE 
II CD~~ II I'~ 
II JUSt pn:SI..'nt thiS ,-oupun II wh,:n hUYInJ,!.1 AI~ M,l .... IIlJ 

ynu'/I ",,,,,t ,lnoth\'r "I~ M,.," II trn.~ Lllnl! tUh."\.l)UI"m f, .. r 
'" u,lIlI111'r. !,l'r VI'It. I)~ I.'. I' \' 

1JorI ............ )In..' ..... .'nf tltUI'4.1I1 ""tH . .'n 
,.,.,k·fll1),! Not v,llhl 
\.\.Ith ,Iny "th .. : r "ttL'r 

(a..;h valLN' Il2tl hi 1 ('tnt II 

Only at: 
7140 Miramar Rd. 

San DielO 

II 
II 
II 
II 
II 

V"".! ,hm ~ 
F~h. 29, 1 9~4 . , 

iiiiiiii iii iii iii iii iii iii 

The game gm exciting down the 
stretch as UCR inched closer and closer 
to the Tritons. Shelley McKeone had 
scored 3 stmight baskets olT Allen feeds , 
giving UCSD a 63-53 lead with 7:20 left 
in the game. But UCR began pressing 
and cut the lead to four with three 
minutes to go. "Jusr relax and play ball," 
said a calm MalOne during a timeout. 
Another steal and shot by the visitors 
made it a two pain! game, 70-68, with 
52 seconds to go. 

Inevitably, Riverside tied the score at 
70-70, with only 15 seconds left. But 
then Kim Allen took charge. She 
dribbled through an army of defenders 
before passing ofT to Teik Francis. 
Fmncis seemed to bobble the pass and 
her shot was way ofT the mark, but it fell 
into the waiting hands of McKeone . 
McKeone collected the rebound and 
promptly banked in a shOll jumper from 
the left side. "When I got the rebound ( 
just put it back up. I was hoping it 
would go in ," said a delighted McKpone. 

The fans screamed their delight, yet 
10 seconds still remained , Riverside 
sprinted down the coun and got off a 
quick shot that bounced ofT the back of 
the rim and was rebounded by UCSD's 
Julie Krause . Krause got t ngled up with 
UCR's Gossett and a jump ball was 
called with 3 seconds remaining. 

When McKeone collected the tip the 
game W.lS over, The Tritons hugged and 
celebrated as if they had just beaten 
louiSiana State. The Spirit Night crowd 
cheered thei r approval. It was a great 
finish to a mediocre game. 

McKeone 's winning bas/tel CIlJ1PCd a 21-
poinl effort on Spirit Night 

TRITON 
IASKEIBALL 

Tuaday, Feb. 7 

This Week 
at the 

Pavilion 
(Main Gymnasium) 

UCSD Men vs. Azusa PaCific, 7:30 pm 
Friday, Feb. 10 

UCSD Men vs. LA Baptist, 7 :30 pm 
Saturday, Feb. 11 

UCSD Women vs, Azusa Pacific, 7 :30 pm 

V-baIlers must play in 
the Land of the Giants 
By USA lAPIN 

The UCSD men's voilrybaD team is 
the only Division 111 tum in the region 
this year ... the only school due ~'t 
afford some kind of compensation for 
ics players, .. the only Southern Ulifomia 
school with no recruiting ~, 

As a result, UCSO wil play every 
home game this KaJOI1 .. inst strong 
Division • teams Keded In the national 
tOP ten, Teams of UCSD's caliMr are aD 
located in Nonhern California, and , like 
UCSD, can't afford the traveliJ18 
expense necessary for the long distance 
competition, 

The non-scholarship league 
disbanded this year when Lt Verne and 
Riverside cut their programs, and Cal 
State Nonhridge moved up a league to 
Division I. 

The lack of f.tir competition is just 
one of the problems plaguing coach 
Doug Dannevik's team, whose record is 
4-11 thus far this Kason. I>annevik has 
one of the youngest men's volleyball 
teams in UCSD history, and faces 
perhaps the biggest coachiJ18 challenge 
of his career. "We~ as young and 
inexperienced as we've ever been: said 
Dannevik. 

With one Knior, one junior and the 

rest of the 13 players just freshmen and 
sophom~s, Dannevik feels that his-
team "lacks confidence." Size is also a 
factor, and UCSD lacks the height i.t 
had in the past, "We've got 6' players 
when other teams have guys 6~W and 
over. 

"My guys have the ability and the 
taltnr. We just Ilft;~ the ~ying time,M 
said the coach whose biggest fe-ar is "that 
the p1a)'Crs will get discouraged and give 
up. "We're ~tting better every day. 
Right now ~'re 100'1& beller than ~ 
~re apinst Pepperdine. But it won't 
show in the James because of the teams 
~ ha~ to play." 

Dannevik doesn't blame his p\a~rs: 
"I'm just not able to train them weD 
enough fast enough. I ha~ to be 
trem£ndousiy patient, and they have to 
M wiling to be p;itieru." 

Dannevik wiD spend the earty Kason 
developing consistency in the three key 
positions. Dannevik ildded, ". need a 
setter to take charge on the coun. RIght 
now. don't ha~ thar.M The coach is 
also looking to tmin two middle 
blockers who will run the middle 
reiWrty, ;and two ourside hiuers who 
wiT! both p;iSS the ball and hit pW\de, 

Soptiomore Scon Thompson .md 
freshman Miltt Hunt, both outside 
hitters, hil\'r hild stro~ ai-around 
perfonTliloces, e~ially at last , 
wl'Ckencfs Santa Bolmar.l Im'it.ujllfl;,\l, 
where Thompson WoIS vQtrd ream 
caplilin. 

After two home game cancellations, 
against Cal Poly San luis Obispo and SI. 
Mary's, UCSD hosted wir home opener 
.. \nit ei&hth-raniled CSU tons Beach, 
a !tIOI'II Division • school, on SIturday 
In th~ Pavilion, (Sec below.) 

UCSD defeated Long Beach !asr year, 
when the State tam was ranked founh 
nadonaly_ Dannevik didn't ~xpect the 
same success this weekend, bur said 
spectators SOl to Sft some good 
vOl\eyblll: "UCSD wiD ,t to Sft some 
great bal and nationally ranked teams 
this sruon at home, with al the visiting 
teams In the lOp ten." 

St. Mary's drop-<Jut beCdUSC they 
couldn't raise rravd money W.lS .I m.Ijor 
disappointment to (}annevik. He 
commented, ·SI. Mary's is a new club 
team. They would have provided us 
some good competition, We would have 
won." 

Despite the setbacks, UCSD seems to 
thrive on challenge on the coun, giving 
Stanford a touch match, and coming out 
of the Invitational with a 2-5 record. 
· With a Iitde bit of luck and a break 
here and there, we could easily have 
been 4_3,M said Dannevik after losing 
two cJose matches against Cal Poly SLO 

MdIt MItchell, 

and Cruco Slate, 
"The honeymoon's over: said 

Dannevik, who has thus far 
concentrated on letting every player 
show what he can do. "I'm setting 
individual goals for each player. I'm 
goiJ18 10 reilly stan focusing in on the 
tr-aining, working with nin~ guys II lot." 
Under subSlitution rules, only nine 
players can play in any one comest' 

Dannevik refUKS 10 compare the 
prrfonnanc~ of his men's tellm. to the 
SUCca5 that h~ Ns had with his 
women's teams. "I recruil just as h.ard 
for both teams, bur it is the dWflICter of 
the sport- Girls who are good high 
school players halve the grades to set 
iruo UCsD and they _ attracted to the 
school." The IMn's te-am, on the other 
hand, has il wugh time ~l .. ruitins 
players when UClA and Stanford are 
opcions if they h.ave the gr.tdes to get 
into UCSD, ·VoIleyball guys like the 
be.ach and they like to party, and if they 
are good high SChOll! pIa~rs. they are 
001 tJ>ing to be attr.lI:ted to UCSD. 
They'D gll III a UClA Ilr a Stanfonl 
where they (an get scholarships and 
11lC'.1I mlll\C)', and trol\'C1 expenses tll pLlY 
In ' Huwilii: 

Dcdkation is another fill.'tllr. 
~ne\'ik notrs thut not one member or 
his team is ilt UCSO 111 pl.ry voIlcyb.lU; 
his pb)'Crs ilre here tll get a gOlld 
l.'C:Ilkilti,lfl . Safd DMne\'ik. '"N6 one is 
here to pt.\). \'ollc),balllll'S(, ,. 

Despite superb performances from middle blocker Mike 
Mitchell, outside hitter Matt Hunt and Scott McGregor, the 
UCSD men's volleyball team lost to eighth-ranked Division I 
Cal State Long Beach in the Pavilion Saturday night The 
Tritons dropped the first game 15-6 before battling tough in 
the second and third games, losing 15-12 and 15-13. 

Phi Delta Theta 
will sponsor Credit Card Day on 

February 7, 13, 22, 29 
All juniors, seniors and graduate students can 

apply for Sears, Broadway, Montgomery Ward, 
Zales and Citibank for no charge and also receive a 
free gift. 

SA' Ell 
on ." 1913 Modell 

•••• lra ro. II fer ......... . 
... 

SUss. 
..till 

Centurion Sport DIx. 
Centurion Accardo 
Centurion LeMans 12'5 
Centurion Turbo 

$179.-
$234.-
$294.-
$595.00 
$409.-
$139.-
$269.-
$394.-

NOW 
·$1~." 
$199." 
$249.-
$495.00 
$324.-
$124.-
$244.95 
$324.95 

SAYEI 
$25.00 
$35.00 
$45.00 

$100.00 
$85.00 
$15.00 
$25.00 
$75.00 

Team Fuji 
KHS Winner 
KHS Classic 
KHS Expedition 

UCSD 
BIKE SHOP 

M· 

Come early for the best selection 
Umlted to stock on hand. 

Hours: M-f 10-5 
Sat noon-5 

451-4179 
(ecrau from the PW) 

UCSD All-CatpU5 

. ~ T 

ilIACI'S IJI!AOI 
5pJIIH lied bJ 

la JoIII Surf s,ra- . c..,. Sa...... . nec:w.., • s,art • .Ill IIIIIIIly 
'IIIe...... . -'lie" • ~ • wu n di· GanIaII.,.... 

UUIe DIp 01 II1II • .. H. !Ii. .. Pm 1IIatI.a...... • r c • .., .. 
501IIII COllI.., ... • ..... 0 • C • "-I', • ft. __ c-

Qob ..... • fItdI'. .., .. • a..t iii. • . 1:ItdI.. ,.... c:e.ar 
till! .. ,., .... 

INT .............. 

CXT 
_')$ ••• a"l , 

Department of Physical Education x4037 
Open to lJCS) studaIta. SUIf • IllCUItJ 

$5 sip .. at can,.YIew AdIIIlnlstratM Oftkle 
*7 sign .. It event 



,., 

Try it in a glider! 
The UCSD Soaring Club offers instruction from beginner to expen. We 

go flying both days every weekend , aU year (including summer). We also 
offer introductory rides for $i8. If you are interested in a ride or would like 
more information , call Alan at 566-7405. Our sailplanes and instructors are 
FAA certified . 

Black History Month Films 
"Malcolm X" also showing "Grey Area" and "If there weren't any blacks 

you'd have to invent them ." Friday, Feb. 10 at 7 pm in TLH 107. Sponsored 
by Committee for World Democracy and Third World Studies with 
ASUCSD-aUocated S{udent funds. 

Party in Mazatlan over Spring Break 
Only $199 includes 7 days, 7 nights; roundtrip transportation , 

beach front hotels; nightly free cocktail parties! Get information at 
Mazatlan Night at the Pub, Thursday, Feb. 9 and Feb. 16 at 6 pm. 
Videos of the trip! 50¢ draft! Don't miss it. For additional 
information call 453-2322 and ask for Steve or contact AS 
Programmer Greg Hernperly at x4450. 

Zionism is topic of talk 
The Is rael Action Committee presents speaker Professor Fruend on the 

topiC of "ZIOnism in response to Anti-semitism. Wednesday, Feb. 8 at 5 pm 
in the Muir Apartment Lounge. 

Another 'Meet the Profs' scheduled 
On Monday, Feb. 6 at 7:30 pm there will be a "Meet the Profs" workshop 

wi th professor Mark Machina of the Economics Dept. This informal 
discussion will be held in the Warre n Apt. Rec. Center. 

'Breaking Away' screens Thursday 
The UCSD Cycling Team presents "Breaki ng Away" Thursday, Feb. 2 at 8 

and 10 pm in Peterson Hall. Tickets are $1.75 and ava ilable at the UCSD 
Box Office. 

Valentine's Day Pa~ at UCSD 
Friday night , Feb. 10 at 8 pm at "Why Not He re?" MU!-'ic , dancing, games 

fu n a nd refreshments. Admission is $l.00 Sponsored by the Cath olic 
Student Coord inatOrs. 

Attention undergraduate drama majors 
The re will bc a meeting of the undergraduate drama counCil on Friday, 

reb. 3 at 9 am in HL 3403. 

All you can eat at the Che Cafe 
All you can eat tofu eggplant shi shkabob for $3.00 Wednesday, Feb. 8 a t 

7 pm . Also , electronic folk art band Drawing Down rhe Moon 

_. 

j 
.. 

IT's 1984 
Don't go without being counted. . . Student 
envolvement is required for AS Constitutional 
Evaluation Committee and AS Academic 
Affairs Committe. DON'T FAIL! Contact Marc 
Boroditsky at AS Offices x4450. 

Elections from A to Z 
That's right, you can find out about elections from A to Z at YOllr friendly 

elections commission . If you want to be part of your AS. Government or 
involved in the outside world. If you are interested in becoming a delegate 
to the Democratic convention in San Francisco this summer just come by 
and see us. 

If you have any ideas about UCSD electorial process your input is 
welcome. Please come by the AS office to discuss them. And if you want to 
be UCSD's next AS president, vice president, student advocate or (gasp) 
commissioner of elections, come by and see your ASUCSD in action . 
Wednesdays at 6:30 pm in the North Conference Room. 

Free tutoring from Oasis Underground 
Tutoring in Bio/ Chem , Economics, Math , Physics and EECS. Come in 

and check the tutor board to find the tutors you need. Tutoring is on a walk-
in basis, first come, first served. We'll be looking for you! Come into HL 
1254. 

EMSSA meetings this quarter: 
Tuesdays at 4 pm 

Upstairs student center lounge 

TRANSlATOR 
No Time Like Feb. 6th 
at Noon on the Gym steps 

CalPIRG has academic ~temships 
California's legislative session began on January i5 . Likewise, CalPIRG 

has begun to oudine and advance our legislatWe agenda fouhe upcontin& 
year. We are now recruiting for interns for Spring Quaner. Anyone 
interested should attend the Spring Quarter Internship Meeting on 
Thursday, Feb. 9 at 4:30 pm in the North Conference Room or come to the 
office Room 208 Student Center. 

AS Internship Deadlines Approaching 
All students interested in Summer Internships in Washington , D.C. , the 

deadline for applications is February 17. There are still many exciting 
opportunities left so apply now at the Associated Students Internship 
Office located above the gameroom in the Student Center. 

Get ready for the mystery dance 
Third College Program Group presents "The Mystery Dance" Saturday, 

February ii from 9 pm to i2 am. $1.00 for dance, food and fun . A double-
decker bus will depart to mystery site from third college cul-de-sac. Dress 
casual, bring friends. for further information call 452-4390. 

r .. te,.-

sponsot'fd br & 111 e plopl! ulho 
are br'na'n~ yell-

Habakkuk' 
(rVCF- UCSO) 

Bio 1 Price $9.00 
8102 Adest $9.00 
81019 Strause $9.00 
810 106 Geiduschek $10.00 
810 155 Harris $10.00 
Chern 6B Keams $9.00 
Chern 140B Goodman $10.00 
EElCS SOB Lugannani $9.00 
Econ 1B Smith $9.00 
Econ 100B Guasch $10.00 

Typed • Concise • Organized 
w .... opeD liIoadey . l'Itdey •• 3 

Located ri~t across fron) the Food Coop 

Come by Ii check out our back issues ... 

OASIS offers MCAT preview! 
OASIS is offering a series of four meetings devoted to helping students 

begin preparation for MCAT study. At the first meeting OASIS tutors and 
current UCSD medical students will discuss how they studied for the 
MCAT, and will offer an overview of the test . The foHowing week's 
discussion will focus on the special sections of the exam: Biology, 
Chemistry, Qualitative, Physics and Reading. This MCAT preview is NOT 
intended to take the place of using the Kaplan Center, but is meant to help 
students prepare for how they plan to study. This is an opportunity for 
students to ask questions of those who have taken the test, and to be sure 
that your study plans make sense. 

LAGO goings on 
UCSD's Lesbian and Gay Organization offers: Lesbian sisterhood every 

Monday night from 4 to 5:30 pm in the Women's resource center; LAGO's 
social hour every Tuesday night; Gay men's support group every 
wednesday night; speakers bureau, support services. Pick up a copy of 
Sappho Speaks or call 452-6969. Located in Rm #205 at the Student 
Center. 

Visit Sea Worl from Management's view 
Saturday, Feb. ii at 9:30 am. Cost: $3.25 for the lOur and optional $2 

more to remain in the park arterwards. Sign up in the SAM office. 
Gameroom #4, Student Center, or caU 452-4SAM. Reservations only. 
Carpools to be formed at the Feb. 7 meeting in the multi-purpose room at 5 
pm. 

Stanley Kaplan course available 
The Pre-Law Education Association (PLEA) will be auctioning a Stanley 

Kaplan preparatory course at noon , Wednesday, Feb. 8 on the Revelle 
Plaza. The course can be used for the LSAT, GRE, GMAT, MCATand DCAT. 
Call x4726 for inrormation . 

Engineering aspects of the Bullet Train 
"The Bullet Train: Design Options for High-Speed Rail" a lecture by H. 

. Priluck. and H. Komodowski of the American High Speed Rail Corp. 
Wednesday, Feb. 8 at 6 pm in the Revelle Formal Lounge. Sponsored by the 
UCSD Mechanical Engineering Club. 

. ... ' 



, . 

Swimmers fall -short in the steam bath 
By ROBERT GEYER 

Last Tue day night was cold . The heat 
of the Santa Ana was gone. The laSi 
thing on anyone's mind should be a 
swim meet. But at the Natatorium, the 
battle between UC D's swim team and 
crosstown rival Division 1 an Diego 
State was generating enough heat to turn 
the natatorium into a steam bath . 

Unfonunately, the intensity and drive 
of the Tnton men's and women's swim 
teams could not match the powerful 
Aztec teams. The women lost 70-40 
while the men lost 07 -46. 

For the UCSD women it was a valiant 
try against an excellent opponent. The 
Stare women have been strong all year. 
They won rhe UCSD Invitational back in 
December and they have seemed to be 
getting faster as the season progresses. 
The Aztec women won every .race but 
one. Triton Kathy Beckett managed to 
win the 100 yard breaststroke, Most 
often the State women would take first 
and second place, What showed clearly 
in the Triton team was its lack of depth. 
This was painfuUy evident in the 1000 
ya rd freeSlyle where nor a single UCSD 
woman approached the blocks, leaving 
SDSU to take firS! , second, and third (in 
swimming, points are only awarded for 
the first three finishers). All SDSU had 
to do was fill the lanes, which they did 
maS!erfully. However, the feeling after 
the meet was not a negative one. Many 
of the women had done excellent times. 
They knew their co mpetit ion was tough, 
they did their best , and made the most 
of the situation. 

The Tnton men, though losing by a 
margin of 21 points , actuaUy lost only by 
Inches. Out of the eleven events, not 
including diving, the Tritons won five . 
One would therefore assume the score 

to be much closer. Yet il was m the 
close races that UCSD really lost. For 
whenever a race was close , the Aztecs 
would pull It out. If the Tritons weren't 
bemg JUSt touched out for first place, 
then they were being touched out for 
second or th ird. The men reaUy seemed 
to lack that final kick. the kick that one 
needs to push and stri ve to win, dunng 
the last segment of a race, Why did they 
falter? What wa s wrong? 

The answer lies in the words of 
Backstroker Eric Vitcendo: ·We were 
swimming through that meet. With 
Eugene (Oregon , the Pac-West 
Championships) two weeks away, 
nobody wanted to taper. A lot of us 
came to workout this morning." 
Obviously, If one works OUt in the 
morning, one will be weaker in the 
evening. That weakness is what caused 
Vitcendo to say, ·We're losing, but just 
by that much (placing his thumb and 
forefinger about a half an inch apan,)." 

GeneraUy, the men were performing 
well with numerous improvements in 
times. The bright star, however, is water 
polo player temporarily turned swimmer 
Bill Kazmierowicz. During the meet he 
shattered two team records. He swam a 
1:55.66 in the 200 yard individual 
medley to break Jon Irwin's old record . 
He swam a 46.84 in the 100 yard 
freestyle to break Pete Ackhofl's record. 
Bill h'ls so much raw talent as a 
swimmer that he can qualify for almost 
any event at Division III Nationals. Yet 
his goals are a lillie higher than that. As 
Bill says , "I want 10 go to Senior 
Nationals." Bill has also been rumored to 
be an OlympiC hopeful. He responded, 
"I'll make the cut to get into the trials, so 
I will definitely make at least the 

~ Its a Valentine's Party for ~ 
• Everyone! • 

• 

Dance to the LIVE band 
"Notice to Appear" 

This Friday, February 10 
9 pm - 1:30 am 

at the Triton Pub 

• Beer 6;[ Wine at speCial prices 
• Gra tis Refreshments 
• $1 admission at the door • ~ Sponsored by Warren College Student Government ~ 

Registered Students 
and Post-Docs 
Don't forget to 

"Cover Your Bod" 
with 

Student 
Health and 

Accident Insurance 

Includes Major Medical Benefits 
Student Premium $41.70 Spouse $52.50 Children $52,40 
--------------------P~Quarter-------------------

Information and applications are available at the 
Student Health Center - 452-2123 

Insurance Representative's Hours Monday thru Thursday, 1:00 - 4 30 

OlympiC trials. It's J once in a Iifetllne 
shot I might as well go for it." Bill has 
the talent, so it's up to him to provide 
the work. 

Finally. coach Bill Morgan has a few 
words to say about the meet. "Times 
were great. The men wil definitely move 
up m the National rankings 10 third or 
founh place (two notches higher than 

laS! year)" Bill commented on the 
women's team: "San Diego St.1tC has a 
tough program and their women are 
really rough. We swam some good 
swims against them ." UCSD's men 's 
team is definitely strong this year and 
looking to do well at the nationals. The 
women's team is hanging tough , but the 
lack of depth is really huning them. 

Tritons upset Point Lorna 
continued from pogt 13 
AbdulJabaar lor a sweet two over 
Richard . A S!unned Triton bench could 
only mildly applaud the effon, but 
MarshaU reflected after the game on 
Dabasinskas' impact. 

"He played the best I've ever seen 
him play," said UCSD's skipper. 
''Tonight was the first time I played him , 
an entire half without substituting for 
him. He was a force inside, espedaUy 
with the freak. 

With their most impressive win ever 
behind them, the Tritons muSl now 
concentrate on tomolTOW night's contesr 
against Azusa Pacific and Thursday's 
challenge from LA Baptls!. Borh game5 
are at home and are critical for UCSD if 
they ha~ visions of a division tide. One 
has to wonder if the team could let 
down after such a big win, bur MarshaU 
says confidently that it won't happen. If 
that is the case, the Tritons wiD find 
themsel~s 4-5 in league action with 
reborn confidence and a new outlook: 
the possibility of taking over the 
division lead when they face Southern 
Cal College on February 14. 

Maybe UCSD should schedule Spirit 
Night more often than once a year. 
TRITON HOOP-lAH - Point XJ4urd Brandon 

Nixlll1, whll IIIlI\..:d Ilva jinlll th~ 1!lJ gU<I/'d ~pot 
to malte mo"'.fi>r Kamanslry, was rn~lrulllt' lIlul 
ill the Will, providing IIIU('h-IIC('~d leadership 
againsl U IllUgh Pllinl Lmllj JUll-fOurt prrss, nlll 
III ,nrnlion a Icam-high 21 poinls .... TIh: 
inspiralional play Jroml jilrwards Marlt Barraa 
and Slt"VC Flinl was juS! nloY<' J",sl illg (ill I h,' 
.. all,' Jor UCSD, and r(,1l11y lhe firsl linlt' Ihis 
St'aSl.ln I hal 1111 I hrc:c men up fronl }lr I he 
T rilcms (Dubo, FIIIII lind lIcIrm'a) played 
log'1htr. Thty scored J8 po/nlS lind pulled down 
30 rcbouncls, lhe IImd of prodU(lion lhal 
flQlionaily-ranll£d Wnlmonl is cU:fuSlomc:d 10 
rcaivingJro", I~ir fr0nl .. ourt .... Two Itty jaClI./I'S 
for UCSD in their win werr jield goal shooltng 
and lumllwrs. The Tritons enlered Ihe .. onlcSI 
IlwrGging 17 IU/'JlOY('rs and shtl<lling "3t from 
lhe }Kid. Ag;iinsl Ihe Cruslldm Ilky ("mmllled 
only Itll miscues and Shol a blisltring 57\\\ from 
lhe Joor .... T "morrow nighl's divisiortal fighl 
IIgllinsl Azusa PIlCi/k should ~ \'Cry inl(resring 
since UCSD hunlilUtltd lilt Cc>ugQrs on llItir 
home Jloor Ihrrc wrells 1Ig0. Tip-bjf is (II 7:30 
wilh Iht KSDT 95.7 CIlb/t FM, 540 AM rodio 
/JrOGdc:IlSl /ltg/nning al 7:10. 
Side note:' KSDT statistician Tom 
Hall was ejected from counside with 
a minute remaining in the contest 
for protesting a foul call. Hall is 
reportedly the first statistician ever 
ejected from a UCSD game. Hats 
ofL. . 

:JJAYZZ ~. n. L'. 
I 

D 

NEW ORLEANS jazz is music from rhe souls of men who 
have creared a musical rradirion in rheir own liferimes' , 

ir's sweet, sad, gentle, exuberant and unforgettable. 

February 15, We(Jnesday, 8:00 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 

UCSD St. $6.00, G.A. $10.00 
UCSD Fac/Staff, St. &: Sr. $8.00 

UCSD Box Office & Ticketron: 452-4559 

Presented by UCSD University Events Office 

c:-.. ._--=.,_"_111 __ 
'CiW'._ IICft • ...,.atJINI , .... and ..... 
___ II _ 1'1 'a cIIaIaeIII, _ oapIaI 1IIIfI--.. __ ..... 1IIe _II ... ,. tOO 
_ .... _ .. U ...... ct t .... 
_ .. J ... .,.., ..... _ ............ "',.... 
___ ...... .....-111 __ .. ,. ...... '. 
D •• _I ................... _I .... .... 
............ = ... _ .... HI.I OIIIII~. .. e___ . "".Ia .liliiii, CA_a. 

PERSONALS 
I'NIgnanI? Ct1c:De ott __ to abarIion. Son Diago Pfo-
lJe League HotlIne' 583-5433. Q41 ·1515 (2/6) 
Y~ has got rre -.ng better than _ You'le a 
gNIOI guru. ta... MIlch. (2/6) 
P!inceo and ~ We ,-,you lot R_Ie·, proO.lCllon 
(J "Once Upon ,., ~". AudllIon, wtII be netd In 'Mlv Nol 
Hole? F«> 11th at 1000 am ( Neo<1 to "'" _ Cofeteria) 
(219) 
WouIdn'I you I0OI< IlJTCHI W80rIng ° parachute. sfIClpped 
"'0 your sport SOIIpIone Cotl Alan <1_UCSO Soaring Club 
01 566-7«)5 100 inIarmoIoan. (216) 
Mornrnol" fa crntv S89 Feb. 2.-2C InctudeI I""opcr1otion. 
lOdgIng. IflUt1te 18f\I1C8. Buy now 10 ..,.."elPOl (2/6) 

A loot aI bMod. a Jug 0/ "' ..... a lolling MM. a grope ,'- -
~1(2/6) 

IlE\IEU..E MEOlA I!O.AAD Rep - pooIIlon epen """,,1Cot1on' 
""" bV Wed feb, 8'" aI 5 pn' """,,1C0Ii0nI and __ 
sq,-...,. In the Rwf!IAIe _ 0III0e Gel InIIoNadI (2/6) 
Muo/cioru &. ,loge lechnlCians: We '-' _ fa the 
product"", (J "Once ~ ,., MaItreu- Come bV file..-
SouIh [)jnjng Hoil ("'"" 10 the Cot) Sol I«> 1 1"'''' 10:00 om. 
( 219) 
SIcI CIub.,..."san-'ngwllhthe S.D Sac"""Feb 12at6 
PI" .,., your tIcto8t, at the SkI Club oIIIce fa <:6'1>1 S5~ Buy roN 
becoute apace 10 lIn1ilecs (216) 
JoI\n Di. '-Ier otways being "'V great.t friend r", 1001 
""""'" V<lUf """ 'IOU surprioed? llN. _ . (2/6) 
lJndas' _Ier your to... and suppor1 """'" I ~ il 
God _ in IfIOn08 _I 0.. II, lonvnv 1_. (2/6) 
yOU' poNnIs aaId no - bu1youjolnadl""UCSOSocnngClub 
fJt'P(WO( - jusHer the 1tYIIt~ Cotl Alan. 560-7<105 Ier IntormOIIon 
(2/6) , 

SIcIo'iln YQ!!owMEn ~4-al JQ ~ ~ IQlIIIIXIOIIOn. lOdgIng. ill! ibIoIs -ancI "*"'" __ TJdw, .. _ 
at t!w boor oIIIce nowtt !pace 10 _ ancI time illUMIng 
outI (2/6) 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 

SI<ERS CCIf1W join the RodIcaIIV IndIned Sid Club an a ~ 10 
MammoIh Feb 2 .... 2C lot <:6'1>1 SIIQ. You gill hanlpalalloo •. 
1Odg:.g. .. IhUI1tIiI8lVlce Ie &. flam MI. SIgr\ up althe 5101 Club 
oIIIce, (2/6) 
Audil",", for "Q\ce ~,., Man_" Rf!Ne/le ,SprIng MusIcal 
WIlt be held on Sol Feb. 1 1 at 10 00 am on Wtw NOI Here?(Ne><I 
to ''''' Revelle Cafeteria) (2/9) 
GMtVOUl POIenl ' a wnltt-olt and yourself a place 1o IiYeIn W 
S73.500 !\gl 459-00:>1/457·2218 (2/6) 
Inl ..... ted in t"" .Ioge? We need ° "oge a_ for the 
PIOdI,lCIIon <I "Once Upon ,., Mattr""" R_Ie I SprIng 

Color 
Blind? 

t..bicaI SlOp bV'MlyNol Heoe?(Nerllo _ Cal) on Sol 
feb 11m at 10:00 on, (2/9) 

S/nge'~ daneeIs. actort. ond ac"_ AudItions lot "Once 
Upon'" _ " ""be held Sol Feb 11'" at 10:00 om in~ 
No! Hale? (Na" 1o _Ie Cot) Be """" at 9.30 0111 to Iign In 
(219) 
Mull Cot,- 10 now occeptlng applleo"o", from 
""ad .. " o/caIIy ~ .tudenll to .-t with r..otvnon 
0IIIn1oIlon and '.,alloo I duIfng-VW Obtaino)cbr_ 
at StudIiInl E~ and bItng • to the pIOIIOII's oIIIce 
212C HSS o.odIlne: 2/7/&A (2/6) 
ENGINEERS: _ Pritudc &. Henry 1Cclmodow*1. engI,... 
fa AnwIcon HIgh Speed /bt Corp . ... ..,... on "Ihe Ill*! llOIn 0e09l Optionl lot Htgtl-5paed /bt" on Wed Feb 1 at 6 
pm In Rev _ (2/6) 

Gat In_' _ Media Board I8P pooI!IOn epen 
OeodIine'Feb 8at5pn, lnl_FrI feb 1Oth.AppIicotIons 
and Inl_ Times 0",,"1ObIe In the _Ie PIoIIosI OtIIce. 
( 216 ) 
G/gonIIc C~ Sole TueodOV. feb 7, 10 om-2 pm 
lnI.nalional Cant... RaoaIe Shop ~ Campus. 
Evaythlng ledUced , or "'or. Clothing In """ellanl 
COndollon fa 0/1 ogeo 800kI lOt young &. Old nordtX>CI< 1OC. 
IOItbock 50 Household &. golf ilam1 You'll be sorry" you n_ 
this """ (2/6) 
'1HE IlJUfT fRAjN' Design Options faHtgtl-5pMd Raot" ";)1 be 
QIIIen by Hen:>ert Priludt. lIP eng &. constTUCllon fa An"" 
HIQh-Speed RaIl Corp .. on Wed Feb 1 al 6 pm In _ 
fan10l (2/6) 
Ihe fIao:Ioatv IndIned SIcI D.b,... _10 _the Son DJeqo 
Sock .... fa only S5 feb 12 01 6 pm join us fa this unique sl" 

club~1ng IlcIcet'QIIOlklbIeatSkIClubolllceunhlfeb 10 
(2/6) 
Get IIWOIVad? ~ Media Board I8P pOtIIIOn epen. 
Deo<Iine' Feb 8 at 5 pn\ Inl_ Fn. feb 10ttl Appiocallom 
and Inl_ I .... """iloble In the _le PfOllOll Offic:a. 
(216) 

FOR SALE 

Futon WIth cauc:h f!oma and _bIueIwhHe cCNeI. lioe 
rww 5125 Of ~ ... 452-9514. (216) 

1~ ....",...,', biI<e. geot ~ trar.1 S40 -
What ci baIgotn lot yOUl CotIICetloy 453·3836 (2/6) 

Tiele hom 4 sole. 22 " CrMo double butted tubing 1tYucuI .. 
«l',-__ . 5150 cotl DavId 4111-1&58. (2/6) 
/IIoIdIco ~ bootll Bland rww, any model. size a color. One 
pair antv Si2tIO Ot bait - Sue 452~7 (2/9) 
s.rr HP-41 01 and cad I80deI ... ..., good condilion. Year 
1983 Cotl DonIaI '" ~1 lot moot InIo. (2/6) 
Iwrn Oed _ condilion ( ntOltlau. ba< sprrng &. lrarne) 
S50 coli 453·5449 --.Ing or 452-3118 days. (2/6) 
fa sale . 77 bIIt M.Jstongtl. good cond . 4opd. ~ I ..... tog 

Ion~ new starter. eng CNerhId. _rew ",alnl free boil . 
stort,1oI1. S3300 Calt Mike 45Q.9091 wl<nts and Sun. me. 578-
5919 Sol (2/13 ) 

11/ fad Folrlane. 302 v-a. outomolle, power.'eefing&. brotces, 
""" 1~. 5600. 0aIg 454-41157 (2/6) 
fa sale 1982 Genlu"on Chc 1()'~ S100 Co/I4111-1386. 
(2/16) 
RJIONS and FRAMES. 100lJ0 cotton ..., con~orfable. use lor 
both bed and couch GOLDEN MOON FUTON 274,4574 
(2/ 16) 
fa Sole 1983 Yon\QyCl RMl 125cc •. 40 11'Ph. all OJ!on",'1e 
$8OOIbo coil 4111-1386 (2/10) 
HP75C l!rIeIcose C~I8I-1610 241(, Ronl8osiC blond new 
(Pf1le~ S600 (~9995). 433-2475 ""'" (21 13) 

11 you are color blind we w1ll pay you $5.00 per ~ ~ hour to partiCipate in perception experiments 
on the nature of color blindness, 

For more infonnation contact: Kathy Purl or 
AI Nagy at 452-4762 between 9:00 and noon, 

Monday through Friday. 

"Waiting for the Invasion" 
video presentation and discussion 

The response by Americans in Nicaragua to recent 
developments in u.s. Latin American policy. 

Video by: Dee HaUuck 
Visiting lecturer in the Communications Dept., 
she has recently returned from a 10 day visit 

to Managua, Nicaragua. 

Wednesday, feb. 8 I 7: 15 pm I Cbe cafe 

SlcataboOld. new. good shape w/btNf!IA deck. perolto 2 w~ 
_ "". GIeot tronspoItlL_ ~ (2/9 ) 

WI van 72. Oed. s/oIagIt. good condition 52600 Lym. 131 -
5560 755-9500. (219) 
Slcl ~t ~ jackal size - m $30. Snuaater!lil> 
........ .... - mS25. RalcNeOOOli_ - maN 10m. /lJlln 
_I conditIOn 277_ ""'.5 pm. (216) 

LOST a FOUND 

Help' I Iosl a pail <1 doIIt blue sungIassM at Mar--...IIe Friday 
~ lhe\! """" fl1WV slrops. I'd Io.ie 10 see '''em OQOlnl 
PIeoIe cotl GaIOI 01450·9363 (216) 
1.011 - ""'''e .-. lenn~ ","",I ... by Fred PerTv COli 
f4rCIlIW. am '*-' 9-5 (2/13) 

loll St\orp coIcuio'Ot ., NCB 102 PIeosa coR MatI<-.no' 
566-4773 - laOve nl8UOQ8 (2/6) 
1o""",""",, ' 1001<" my black t:>OCkpock lion' A1sorted Vinyl -
p/eOIe retum not .... g/o>sei&. I ... !book. _desperateiV 
No ~11ons ~ PIeosa l8Ium 10 EDNA or caU 457-001 1 
(216) 

1o """""* 1001< my O'a>t bockpOCk "om lhe General Slore. 
p/eOIe lalum g/osIeo. not., bOOk. and calCulalor 10 EDNA or 
call 453·3256 No ~IIOnS astced (219) 
_ please CQII me d you lound ° "'_ blocelel 1.011 il on 
Thln. Feb 2 It cklses WIth NrWSWllh ahear1onone~ them -
Much _~menlot IIOkJeIII - ColI Mall at 459·5171 (2/13) 
Lost !led txx:I<pack conloonlng booh Leel on Fnday 1/20 In 
thwdCor/eQ8 policing "" byConsllUClIOfl oreo PIeosa relum. 
1o PaItce Depl or coli Kevtn 755-6853 (2/ 10) 

TRAVEL 

the follOwing hiP' ore being O<QOnOled to COIncide& Wllh 
UCSO'sspnng_ U1ahsidlnpMalch23-26S134 SonFelipCt 
Me.1co March 24·2C S115 For merelnlermollon conloe:! ~ay 

208~ .370 (2/13) 
CouncllllOllet/CtEE prO\lides informallOn on SIUdenI ChOfl ... 
IOfipooIa intI S1(Jdenl Id'~ hoolf!IA cords. lours tor 0Q8S 18·35. 
_ and study plcgoms. and much more Stop bv the 
S/udoinl Cenl ... Ot coil 452-0630 (6/7) 

0-."""" 1o Phili. blan. or NY 5125 QeadI"", Feb 21 Call 
Brion 454 ·5868 (2/9) 
5Ioi Man Knoth lor 589 Feb 24 ·26 You get everyIhinll bul food 
7 lill IlCklS 8uv now 01 510, Clue offICe (2/6) 
Wanl to "'"'- M INs sufT'lT\e(/ Go 10 EUfQp810r 33 dayS -
Inctudlng a 7 day c .... <1 lhe ~ _ Total prIcOi. 
including alf1'ar9. o~ SJ5CX) World Encounters Ioc_. 
student Abroad Plogu:~n For more .,fo. coli ActIOn 45 7-0342 
f!N (2/0) 

WANTED 
CNEIlSEAS J08S Sun."",. yr round Europe S. An .... 
AuslrOIIO. AsIO All IleIdS. $Q00-2CXXJ "'0 SI\lhlS88lng Free InfO 
\\/rIle UC. PO ax 52-CAlQ Corona Del Mar. CAQ2625 (3/8) 

EQuilizer lor cor II.eo 20 wotIi. foOer, and In good condition. 
Call M*e &. maIce ~ 578-fOQ1 (2/6) 

flewafd 520 00 to filii ~ <1 ° IT>iwnity <1 CdII./La JoIIo 
1QtlO-81 _t nome and oddIMa directory. Call Molt ov-
at (1IOO)42~2939. &00 om - 5.00 pm. PCI. (2/9) 
Help """"'*1 18OOC)ltoo 0l0i; ~ cIIIce. pelf time. 

~ _-tIUd\I ~ _)cb board Of cal &-
2521. om <:6'1>1. (2/6) 
Will buy Collo Colculolon. Model FW-80. O. lInCI:luIg. 

~h Depl.. Son Ooego Zoo 231 -1515. (2/6) 
Help IOOnled receptlonlot. an-campus clftce. part 1Wne. 
ottemoons. _ -Ifudy l8qUO'ed. _ .Job Soard Ot coli 452-
2521 ern onI\' (2/6) 
lulor is ~ 1o 180m C long la EECS 163A ca ll fMII!v(It. 
S82-2741 (2/6 ) 

SERVICES 
WordWrlghh lOt Qua/lly """d piOCeSSing. Fasl drott.ond lel1 ... 
parteel ftnolS. 4111-8395 (2/9) 
1\'POng. wo<d processing. co",,"e tronocripllon Quality war1C 
0118Cr$Ol"Oble roles La Jolla. Sandy. 459·5818. (2/27) 
Ul'M'ANTED HI\IR 1lEM(M;0 PBlMANENIL Y near compu •. Lo 
Jolla ProI855rOnaI Genler. 8950 Villa La Jolla Dr Suile 116O-C 
Coli lor appl 453-1040 (6/ 7) 
lerm papers - _ - dissertat.",. law 101as. lasl service 
Pro-Iype. 454-6860 Lo Jolla (6/7) 

I\'POngl Word Processingl Rush jObsl 110m ~ 1_. 
resun ..... hanscriphon Jennif81 274 ·5005 (6/7) 
Sia Wadllyplng 8< wad prC>CeSSlllQ Sludenl pap.n "-'-
9580 8.11<. M,n. Rd SUlle 6 578-4341 (2/23) 

TVPing - 181m paper • . dissertatIOnS - """'" - _urnes, Fasl. 
leasonable P8 area 463-91()9 ott ... 4 (2/9) 

Need ° Iypi.f? Rea>Onable, Speedy. 15 years eoperienca. 
G\Joranleeworl< Coli Kamle 576--1277 anytime (2/ 16) 
Iypisl EI'Qlith MA speciol~1flg In monuscripl1 lerm papers 
6&: pel page .lonel 454-4659 10 am-10 pm. (2/6) 
IYPI-IG - S1 per page discounl K",*o's Copies Lo Jolla 
Village SQuare. 232-9797 (3/15) 
A111Cl1og1CCll Con~tlIllly Char1s w/ analysIS. Invaluabloo 10 
Offl!erlous IOmOf'iIic leICIIionshIp 296-1123. (2/ 13) 

fast . accurale, hlQh-Quallty. some day IypinQ """""" near 
UCSD 16 yeors 8lCP8lieI iCe. Cotl Ferv 452-1393 ( 2/9) 
ElICepliano/ 1ypIng. all killds. Super _I. Fast. ~. 
speIIlflg 5 "'"'- away Morionn 450-1138. (3/ 15) 
lYPING' IBM /lUSH J08S I""" papers "- di_allon. 
editing 453-0656 (eve) 452·51 811 (6/7) 

Free Iyping Q\IQ" coli 232·Q797 or slop by Klnko'sCopoes In Lo 
Jolla VIllage SQ (across loon' compus) (219) 

HOUSING 
ll00mate wonled la shooe apl "'th 3 guys S187/month plus 

~ U1~ 2 t:::ecVJ both 1 Ollie from UCSD. JocUUI. $Cuno etc 
Non-'IlIok ... CoR 457·2862 (2/9) 
Roommate INQnted to shOre QIXIl1menl If'l Central Meso 
female \lioduale non-.moker 160 monlh. Call 457-0242 
(2/Q) 

'-'SOFT CONTACT LENSES-" 
'89 Daily Wear Soft .159 Extended Wear Soft ComPlete. Complete 

reg. $169 & up 102-T Lenses/ reg. S300 & up IBausch & lomb/ 
Compla. Includes. Eye Exam, Fitting, Follow-up Visits. Care-Kit 

._',. not die ......... WI who II. 
0II'IIr ..... willi dill _p on IN D ... 2/20/ ... 

Dr. Stewn GrossnNIn 0pt0metIy 481-2277 
243 No. Hwy. 101 I The Boardwalk) Tues-Sat 11-6 
Suite 8, Solana Beach CLOSED MONOA. Y 
~ _________________________________ J 

Wo: would lik~ to introJu 0: to you our 
no:w and talc:ntt:d hair do:siltno:rs, 
Felipe & Karen Kay (K.K.) 
Women $15, rt.1(. $25 
Men $12, rt.1(, $19 
For appointment please call 45 7 -2930. 
8950 Villa La Jolla Dr ., Suite 2120, La Jolla 
(bt-hinJ EI Torlro &. RoJoo - Jirectiy ocraM the ramp) 

Offer expires 3.15-84. 



o W 

20 FebllltJlY 6, 1984 . 

University Events Office presents 

. A Sneak Preview of 
Paramounrs 

New film 

starring 
John Uthgow 

& 
Lori Singer 

february II, Sat., 8:00 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 

free Passes at UCSD Box Office 

Looking for a chance to move in the fast lane? 
Then check out Marine Corps Aviation. The training 
is superb. The challenges are lll1ique. Your ticket to 
fly is your college diploma and your drive to succeed. 

If you've got what it takes, you could be at the 
I 

Urban Studies and Planning 
presents 

PAUL A. PETERSON 
REGENTS .LECTURER 

on 
ffLand Use Law in America: 
Its Past, Present and Future" 

February 6, 8 and 9, 1984 
7:30 to 9:30 p.m. 

John Muir College, UCSD 
Humanities & Social Science Bldg. 

Room 1330 

controls of anything from a Cobra to a Harrier to the 
hottest thing flyill({, the F-18 Hornet. 

See your Marine Corps Officer Selection Officer 
when he visits your campus or call him, at the nwnber 
I isted below, today. 

~ U·-'Del _..I1\ef&rineL 'l'~ ~ of\ll.Tbefew.The~ ~::::jh Maybe you can be one 
Call your Officer lection Offic r collect at (619) 294-217..1 or see him on Revelle Plaza Wed. Feb. 8th. 

.. .. 


