
Place 
Your 

-~ 
page 7. 



2 Februal) 9, J 984 

Victims of Rape seminar conducted by 
Psychological Services has changed 10 
Tuesdays from 9 10 lO:30 am at HL 
lO03. Just as there are many forms of 
rape, there are many ways (0 react 10 
rape. Reactions of others often Intensify 
unwarranted feelings of gUilt and shame 
There are also many ways of working 
through this emotional experience, 
which will be explored through thiS 
counseling group. 

o 

Hunger Project Briefing will be held this 
Saturday from 9 am (0 2 pm in room 
275 of the Medical Teacher's Facility on 
Warren campus. The purpose of the • 
briefing is to inform individuals about 
the state of world hunger - the cauSes, 
implications and cures Through the 
bneflng, people Will be Informed as (0 
how their participation In a global effort 
can end the tragedy of death by 
starvation and malnulrluon. 

o 

Magic Bullets IS the common name for 
monoclonal antibodies currently used on 
some cancer patients which have been 
approved as a treatment to reverse graft 
rejection in kid ney transplant patients at 
UCSD MedIcal Center. Because a 
monoclonal anubody recogmzes the 
chemical pattern on a cell surface, its 
attack can be dIrected to the SHe of the 
problem. The more speCifIC the 
antibody, the fewer other cens it Will 
damage. saId Dr. Icholas Halasz. 
professor of surgery at th e UCSD 
Medical Center. 

o 

Condom Sense, a humorous film on the 
common sense usage of the nauon's 
second most popular method of 
temporary birth control . will be 
presented by the Womens' Chmc on 
February 17 at 1 pm m the North 
Conference Room of the Student Center. 
The diSCUSSion which follows WIll cover 
the pros and cons of condom use. Free 
condom comes WIth the admiSSIon. For 
further mformallon , call X2669/ 2l80. 

o 

Voting poster contest IS now open 10 
anyone attendmg school in Cahforma 
The grand prize wi nner wlll be awarded 
Sl000 from the Cahfornla Republican 
Party The winning "Register and Vote" 
poster Will be reproduced and 
dlstnbuted throughout the state as a 

1968 ... 
The battle of the Western Pact/lc was 

lought on the night of Frld.lY, february 
6 In the South Dining Hall. It was the 
U :,D War Games SOCICty's largcst battle 
ye t In the Anglo-Amencan War of 1936 
After about Ii '/e hours 01 play, the British 
(Argo Hall) bcgan to \Vlthdr<lw. but not 
until after th.: battlccrulser "Hood" had 
been su nk. Has an)'one Informed these 
generals of another war bCl ng fought 
now? 

1970 ... 
"It puzzle, me We live in the rlchcst 

state In Ihe richest count ry In the world 
Sull, we seem less wtlling to spe nd 
money on the thing which has mdde 
that wealth pqssible. educJtlon." ThIS 
remark by Dr. liarold Urcy summed up 
the arguments of speakers at a tuition 

public service to encourage participation 
in the 1984 elections. For an 
applicatlon . contact (916) 443-0967 

o 

"Central America: From a Woman's 
Perspective," a slide show and narrative 
by JessIca Govea will be presented on 
Saturday, February 25 , 10 am - 12 pm, 
at Wesley Methodist Church, 54th Street 
and EI Cajon Blvd . Ms. Govea, advisor 
to the Southwest Voter Registration 
Project and former UnHed Farm 
Workers organizer and national officer, 
traveled to El Salvador, Nicaragua and 
Honduras as part of an II -member. all 
women's fact-finding tour in response to 
the Kissinger CommIssion. 

o 
Easter Seals' 10K and 2-mile run will 
start at 8 am on Saturday, March 10 at 
UniverSity Towne Centre and end at 
UCSD. Proceeds from Ihls fo urth annual 
run , cosponsored by Lite Beer from 
MIller and UTC, will go towards the 
programs and servIces that Easter Seals 
proVides for the disabled children and 
adults In San Diego County. For more 
information, call 576-5834. 

o 

Joan Bae:t WIll perform at a benefit for 
San Diego draft resIsters on Sunday, 
February 19, at 7:30 pm in downtown 
San Diego's Golden Hall audilOrium. The 
funds WIll be used for the legal defense 
of draft resister Ben Sasway. For more 
information, call 753-7518 or 280-8704. 

o 

Key to your heart, a free Valentine's Day 
blood pressure check, will be given with 
a slide show and diSCUSSIOn on the 
heart and nutrition. Eileen Taylor, RD , 
clinical research dietician , Will conduct 
the affaIr in the North Conference Room 
of the Studem Cemer from 2-4:30 pm. 
For more Information , call 452-2419. 

o 

Last weekend, UCSD minonty students 
had the opportunity 10 participate in a 
growing International trend, peak 
performance. This eight-hour workshop 
was sponsored by Third College and 
two of ItS science programs, Minority 
Biomedi al Research SuppOrt Program 
and Minority Access 10 Research Careers 
Program. Peak performance has been 
used by OlympIC athletes and lOp-level 
executives of vanous Intemanonal 
organizations. 

rally held on f{('ve ll e Plaza last 
Wednesd.lY 
1971... 

UC D has been rated one of the mosl 
selective academIC Institutions In the 
nallon . In the recem ISSUC of Change 
Maga::mc . thc Amcnc.m Council on 
Educat ion rated UC D thc onl y A-
ranked pubhc InstitutlOn for 
undcrgr.lduate selecUl'lty. In the same 
ratings, Berkeley was glvcn a C grade. 
UCLA a D and .In Diego State an F. 
The lowest rating \Vas .In H 

1972 ... 
Studei1tS who .Ire regis tered 

Democrats have .In opportunil)' to 
become delegJtcs to thc pany's national 
co nvention in MIJml under rules 
adopted last yeM 1 hc rules , whIch are 
deSigned to encourage ll1t)re ,1CUVC 
partiCipatiOn 11)' ordillal) Dcmocrals. 

The Campus Crusade for Christ broke AS Council rules two weeks ago when 
it advertised its forum on abortion . 

The AS Council gave the Crusaders 5235.80 in student money to sponsor the 
program. The Crusaders, a religious organization for Christian and non-
Christian students, have a twofold purpose: It provides a fellowship for 
Christian students and instructs Christian students in spreading the word of 
the Gospel. 

The Crusaders printed and hung Diers on campus that did nOl state that they 
were sponsoring the event. Also, the language of the posters was obscure in 
stating the contents of the program. This led some students to believe that the 
forum on abortion was going to be something other than what it was. 

The fliers advertised a film called Assignment: Life . They were blue, yellow and 
red posters that were hung on buildings, posts, signs, and bunetin boards on the 
Revelle campus, in the Student Center and in Mandeville Center. In the upper 
left hand comer of each flier was a picture of a fetus dropping into two hands. 
The film , the fliers stated , would "expose" abortion through the "authorities in 
the controversy ." Printed in large letters al the bouom of each flier was the 
statement: "The ramification would shake society." 

After receiving complaints about the crusade's program. AS Council Advisor 
Randy Woodard looked into the maner. 

"We cannot censor films," Woodard said , "so there is nothing wrong with 
their showing the film . We require, and expect, orgamzations who we fund to 
state who they are and what the contents of the event will be on all their 
advvertisements. This the crusaders did not do. 

"I talkeJ to Cindy and Berry, twO Crusader representatives, in my office ," 
Woodard continued . "1 took very detailed notes, which I usually don't do. 

"They admitted that the film 'did not balance both sides lofthe issue I,"' he 
said. "and that they should have stated expliCitly on the fliers that the film was 
anti -abortion ." Woodard also said thal "they realIzed that they were breakingAS 
rules when they hung the fliers without a sponsor's name printed on them." 

Of Ihe $235.80 funded to the Crusaders by the AS for the showing of 
ASSignment: Life , 5225.00 went for renting Mandeville AudilOrium , while $10.80 
went for advertiSing. 

A representative of the Crusade said that it needed the AS funds to sponsor 
the program. Mike Ebert, the student who brought the film to the campus, had 
already paid $85.00 for Ihe ftlm alone. "The Crusaders: Ebert added, "probably 
wanted to show a moral viewpoint of abortion ." 

It is the policy of the AS Council that the contents of events and their 
sponsors be clearly stated on the fliers that advertise upcoming events. In this 
case, Randy Woodard said, "I decided not to take action against the CCC 
except 10 monitor their events more closely in the future." 

have the force of law in California since 
they were adopted by the State 
Legislature. 

1973 ... 
In the coming spring te rm, John Muir 

College will offer a course devoted to 
the study of the wilderness and modern 
man . Such topICS as the pohtics o f the 
WIlderness, the wilderness in the culture 
of primitive man, aesthetics, and 
ecological systems will be discussed in 
Ihe course's biweekly session. The 
quarter's work will culminate in a long 
trek into a wilderness area following the 
examination pertod in June. 

197+ ... 
The new Student Center, plagued 

with numerous delays, bureaucratic 
bungling and disorganized planning has 
postponed its opening by at least twO 
months. A spokesman for the center 
sa id , "Conflicts between the various 
organizations, the specillcations of the 
Student Ce nter and the building 
reqUirements and restricnons of 
Arc hitectural and Engineeri ng 
Department have contributed to the 
delay of construction ." 

1975 ... 
A new proposal IS now under 

conSideration by the Committee on 
Educational Policy of Ihe AcademiC 
Senate to bring a more tradillonal 
engineering program to UCSD. Thc 
main va lue of having gradumed lrom an 
accredited school comes when Ihe 
stud ent wants to bc orne a li censed 
professional engineer. 

1976 .. . 
J{c-echUlng the "Come Home 

Amenca" thl!lOe o f hiS 1972 PreSIdentiaL 
campa ign . enator Georgc kGovern . In 

/ 

- Ellen Arthur 

a speech given last Thursday said "We 
must call America home. I'm nOl talking 
about isolationism. I'm talking about 
restoring the values of human dignity 
that launched this nation 200 years 
ago." 

1978 ... 
"This is a rare opportunity of your 

lives to explore and to challenge," said 
famed consumer advocate Ralph Nader 
at noon lecture yesterday in Mandeville 
Auditorium. Nader's address emphasized 
the importance of student action in 
combatting corporate comrol, which he 
says has permeated all aspects of 
American life . 

1979 ... 
Chancellor William McElroy is 

considerinj: converting the Coffee Hut 
into a faculty club. Although he said 
compensation is "not necessaty ," 
McElroy is willing to "buyout" students 
who, the AS claims. may have 
jurisdiction over the building. 

1980 ... 
John Cage. America's foremost hVlng 

avant garde composer currently at UCSD 
as a Regents Lecturer, IS much an 
exception to this rule as he is to Just 
about any other you might try to Impose 
upon him. "Artists are esse ntially 
criminals ," he asse rt s. "You c<ln 't define 
what they do." 

1981... 
Eastern phtlosophy meets Western 

ath letics. The new fenCing coach , 
CanllIe . a Taoist. believes "sportsmen 
should Ident i~' themselves as 
Intellectuals as well .IS athletes." He 
Incorporates eastern philosoph)' With 
Western fencll1g as a wa)' of 
condillomng thc minds oflh(' tcam 

-Christopher Canole 

problems. 

Doctor refutes statistics 
used in anti-abortion film 

The "curretage" part of D&C involves 
scraping the contents of the uterus, 
Kripke explained. If it is done too 
thoroughly, vital tissue is removed or 
scar tissue is created. This sometimes 
leads to the woman's inability to 
conceive again or (0 the egg remaining 
in the fanopian tube , she said. 

By KRISTIN DONNAN 
A doctor in the San Diego community 

refuted the "back-alley set of statistics" 
presented in the film AsSignment: Life 
which was shown on January 19th at 
UC5D by Campus Crusade for Christ. 

Mike Ebert, the Campus Crusade 
representative who brought the film to 
UC5D, was satisfied with its main 
messsage that abortion is murder. The 
validity of the material was questioned, 
but Ebert said that he would still show 
the film in the future. 

Moreover, after the screening, Ebert 
stated that the world's main problem, 
self-centeredness (of which abortion is 
an example), could be solved by 
accepting Jesus Christ. 

The controversy arose from both a set 
of statistics cited in the film and what 
seems to be a scare-tactic approach. 
These arguments were meant to 
convince viewers against abortion, but 
they were misleading due to 
inaccuracies in their presentation. 

Generally, the statistics have been 
found to be grossly outdated, if they can 
be thought accurate at aD, according to 
San Diego physician Z. Kripke , MD, 
MPH. 

The statistics deal with supposed 
risks a woman takes after she has had 
one induced abortion, an outdated 
practice. They state that during a 
second pregnancy, the woman has: 
twice the chance of miscarriage in first 
trimester; ten times the chance of 
miscarriage in second trimeS!er; twice 
the chance of a stillborn in second 
trimester; 400 to 800 times the chance 
of a tubular pregnancy; three times the 
chance of a premature child; and a five 
to ten percent of not bearing children 
again . 

The problem with these figures is that 
they are linked 10 one induced abortion. 
Dr. Kripke said that modern methods in 
abortion yield much better results, with 
"near three abortions" the ,division at 

which "statisticS go up ." 
Of the problems listed above, the 

miscarriage, stillborn and premature 
statistics are related to "cervical 
incompetence," Kripke said. This 
incompetence occurs because of the 
manual dilation necessaty for access to 
the uterus. Kripke mentioned that 
within the last few years, methods in 
this dilation process have been 
considerably "less traumatic" because 
srnaller instruments and thin suction 
tubes are now used. 

The other question arises because 
these statistics rely on certain 
vulnerabilities that are associated with 
outdated methods in abortion, Dr. 
Kripke said. One older method which 
she discussed is Dilation and Curretage 
(D&C). 

Kripke thought that the statistics 
presented in the movie that dealt with 
tubular pregnancy and fertility were 
probably drawn from old D&C 

Since D&C is not currently used, 
these last two problems are vinually 
nonexistent Also , it was D&C which 
demanded a wider opening of the 
cervix than today's suction methods do, 
so that cervical competence is now 
considerably less inhibited. 

Further inaccuracies were discovered 
in the "real" abortion that was shown in 
the film and in the viewings of aborted 
fetal matter. 

The instruments used by the doctor 
in the film do nOl seem to correspond 
with the most effective ones used in the 
suction abortions that compose over 
90% of all abortions performed, 
according to Dr. Kripke. 

The abortion shown did involve 
suction, but the dilation process was nOI 
the least traum.'!tic (and most used) one, 
and the suction lube was much larger 
than usual. Now, the tubes, caned . 
canulas, are the width of a pencil , 
Kripke said. 

Pictures of aborted fetal material were 
included in the film. Mike Ebert 
suggested that the pictures were 

1'1«I~c rum /0 Jl<lg" 8 

Off-campus renters Co~lec~ve bargaining 
can receive $60 credit legIslatIon authored 

If you were a renter last year you 
probably qualiiy for a $60 rebate from 
the California state government. This 
$60 is Renter's Credit and can be 
received for every year in which you 
rented by filing a state tax form . Renter's 
Credit is the state government's "thank 
you" to renters who contributed 
indirectly to the tax base . 

To qualify you must meet the 
follOWing requirements: you must have 
rented on March 1st, 1983; you must 
have been a California resident when 
you rented; the rental must have been 
on taxed property (which excludes 
campus housing); and the rental must 
have been the principal place of 
dwelling. 

Paying taxes is nOl a requirement to 
receive the rebate. Being claimed as a 
dependent on your parents' tax form is 
also not a disqualification . Renter's 

Credit is retroactive, enabling renters to 
receive credit for the four previous yea~ 
if they have not claimed in the past. 

Renter's Credit originated when there 
was a surplus in the state budget. 
Renters contribute to the property taxes 
through their landlords, yet the 
landlords receive the tax exemption . 
Therefore legislators decided renters 
should receive a tax break and a 537 
rebate was included in the state tax 
form. 

To receive Renter's Credit all one has 
to do is file a 540 or a 540A state tax 
form. If you are in need of a state tax 
form or have any questions on Renter's 
Credit CalPIRG will have tables on 
campus from II am to 1 pm, February 
13th to 17th for assistance. CalPIRG 
(Cahfomla Public Interest Research 
Group) hopes to mform people cr this 
olten-overlooked rebate . 

_ Thursday Night 
• IS 

Students Night 
Four Students Can Eat 

for $11.95 
also take advantage of the 

AII-You-Can Eat Specials 
Monday and Tuesday, $1.95 

Hours: Mon-Fri 11:30 am-10 pm, Sat & Sun 5-10 pm 
805 South to Balboa - East on Balboa 

2 blocks on the right, 794t 7 Balboa, 569-0211 

r-----------------, 14 Students $11 951 
1 Eat For • 1 I FREE soft drink or coffee I 
1 with this coupon 1 
1 (rncludes chOIce 01 soup, las.lgne dnd I 
1 sp.gh.ItI J I 
1 AJdlllondI persons .Idd $250 1 
1 llilcr 2· I ()·tH I 

._----------------, I Pitcher of Beer 1 
1 1 

: $1 95 I 
I • 1 
1 Good with any dinner. including 1 
: fhursday Siudent Spcllal! : 

By JACKIE AfFONSO 
SClCnlmmto Conapondmt 

Asemblymember Tom Bates (D-
Alameda) agreed to author legislation 
Tuesday wnlch WOUIO mandate 
collective bargaining rights for 
University of California student 
employees. 

Bates' decision to author the bill was 
a result of a meeting Monday between 
his aides, the UC Student Lobby and a 
Berkeley graduate student employee 
union , the Association of Graduate 
Student Employees. 

"He [Bates I recognizes that the 
student employees have a right to be 
represented under a collective 
bargaining agreement: Dion Aroner, 
Bates' legislati ve assistant, said. 

The legislation would authorize 
indiVIdual campuses to form graduate 
and undergraduate student employee 

unions, which would be formally 
recognized by the University 
administration and granted collective 
bargainislg rights. 

The bill would also clarify 
"ambiguous" language in the 1978 
Higher Education Employer-Employee 
Relations Act (HEERA). 

"The University has interpreted 
HEERA to deny student employees 
rights to collective bargaining," Helen 
Schwartz, executive commiuee member 
of AGSE, said. 

Although University administration is 
expected to fiercely oppose the bill, 
both the UC Public Information Office 
and the Syslemwide Lobby declined to 
comment on the bill until they had seen 
It. 

Both the UC Student Lobby and 
I'Ic'I\" 111111 /II Jkl,~" I> 

Spirits 01 St. Germain 
"Wal. 0 .. Down" 

to this "New Age" Convenient Store 
e.I.llrat. 

A "BuIlWey" Valentin.1 
CHAMPAGNE SPECIAL 
COOKS ~a~~ 

Expires Midnight, Feb. 14, 1984. No Case Discounts 

Reg. 
$4.69 

- UP TO 50% OFF 08 V ..... tiDe Gift. 
Lovely Array of Flowers - Boxed Candy - Wines -
Baskets - Glassware - Jewelry - T-Shirts -Ice Cream-
100 Different Brands of Imported Beer - Snacks -
• Large Selection of Unique Gre.ting Card. • 

Open 7 cIa~ • 7 .... MW.lsIat; S ..... ~ 8aIII • 1"" 

455-1414 
3251 Holiday Ct, Oft La Jolla Village Dr" Aero .. frona B of A. 



4 February 9, 1984 
OPINION , 

'. . .. ~ .... ' . ' . . ... , . ~. . , .. :... .... ... .... .... . . ~ 

Editorial 

AS and CCC show 
, -

mutual irresponsibility 
The recent funding provided by the AS for an anti-

abortion film and discussion presented by the 
Campus Crusade for Christ is in direct violation of 
campus poliCies regulating the allocation of activity 
fees, and reveals a lack of responsibility on the part 
of the AS, 

In a request form fileQ with the AS, the CCC stated 
that "the film itself is a 45-minute documentary 
dealing with medical ethics [of] abortion ... [that] will, 
be followed by a i5-minute talk whL::h will expand 
the topic from abortion to the basis for ethical 
choice." 

The AS based its decision to approve funding of 
the event solely on this statement without making 
any inquiries into the content of the film nor the 
planned line of discussion. As it turned out, the film 
presented only an anti-abortion view and the 
discussion that followed furthered the anti-abortion 
view and advocated Christianity. 

According to UC policies and regulations 
governing the allocation of activity fees, "no 
University funds [including AS monies] may be 
allocated ... to support these [religious or political] 
activities." The same policy explains that, "as the 
state instrumentality, the University must remain 
neutral on religious and political matters. The 
University cannot sponsor or fund religiOUS 
activities .. . except when authorized by the Regents ." 

Clearly, the funding of the CCC event is against 

the explicit policy of the University, Furthermore, the 
responsibility of determining which activities are 
eligible for funding under University policy belongs 
to the AS, and certainly, the distribution of student-
generated funds should not be done carelessly, 

For its part, the CCC displayed a lack of integrity 
by misleading the AS about the content and focus of 
the event in its budget request and by misleading the 
student body in its advertising. 

The AS asserts that content and sponsorship 
should be dearly stated on the Diers advertiSing an 
AS-funded event. However, the fliers distributed by 
the CCC failed to mention the sponsorship of the 
CCC and the biased nature of the presentation. The 
result was that many students were led to believe that 
the film and discussion would present both sides of 
the issue . They were further surprised by the 
presemation on Christianity which followed the film. 

Certainly, Campus Crusade for Christ (as well as 
every other campus organization) has the right to 
present its views, but should not misrepresent the 
focus or purpose of the events it sponsors. 

Because the AS and the CCC both failed to adhere 
to their responsibilities in this situation, the fault 
must be shared equally. 

In the future, it would be wise of the AS to be 
aware of the exact purpose of funding before it doles 
out st~dent-generated activity fees on the basis of a 
request. 

n<eilit~lf~n®~fr~lf~n~~~lf~n®fr~®lf~n®frfr®lf~n®fctt®lf~n®~~®lf~n~~~celf~n~fcttcelf~ll®fr~ 
fr~lf~lettersn®fr~®lf~n®~~®lf~n®~celf~nce~~celf~nceilit®lf~n®ilit~lf~ll~~~®lf~n®ilit®lf~ 
If~n®~fr<elf~n®fr~~lf~n®~fr~lf~n®~~~lf~n~~~lf~n®fr~®lf~n~~fr®lf~n®frfr~lf~ll®~~~lf~ll® 
n®fr~®lf~n~ilit®lf~n~fillceIf~n®~~®lf~n®frfr®lf~nce~frcelf~llce~ltceIf~nce~~celf~n®fr~celfncett~ce 
Editor: 

Ihe J,muary 2b Is~ue 01 thl' 
Guardlall "a, .I dlsgraLt~ I c.ln't 
sa}' I was surpnsed .It wh.n I 
sa\\'. Just \'ery dismayed 

Freedom. like everything else. 
hJS a cost A price was paid to 
obtain it and a price must be 
paid to retain it ThIS refers. of 
course, nO[ only to milaary 
acuon Involving other nations, 
but also to the elTon necessary to 
run a country. Therefore , one 
could make the same type of 
argument about nO[ registenng 
for the draft in order [0 aVOId 
paying taxes: If it's a free 
country, individuals should be 
secure In theIr propeny and 
posseSSIons, and therefore 
taxation IS robbery and a 
VIOlation of one's freedom . 

obody In theIr nght minds 
would dispute that anyone 
enJOYing the fruits of eXistence 
In thIS country is obligated to 
pay for it. Well , military service 
is no different. It b something 
that needs to be done , and 
Jnyone unwillin/; to do It IS 
shirking theIr responSIbIlity to 
theIr country. Funhcnnore . 
loyalty to Ihis countl)' MU:' 1 
come before faithfulness to 
religIOUS or other vIews. because 
It IS the exi tenle 01 thiS country 
th.!t m,tkes the chcnsheu 
fn:euom pOSSible 

But there I'> an e\'l'n I11tlr~ 
~en"u .. IInplilaUl)Jl III Ihh 
~ItUJlIl 'n . .tnd thdl h thIS II \'llU. 
the ,\J1lCnl ,m uli.:cn cll'LI n:,t III 
'l'[\1' in the miln,11) fllr .m} 
rcas.1Il ,hldt: 1[1)/11 ph\·slc.d 

dlS.lhllity, you credtc .1 VaC,lnl}' 
\\'hlch must be friled Thus, II the 
person repldung you dIes as J 
result 01 thei r servIce, }'OU WIll 
ha\'e traded }'our freedom lor 
theIr life. It IS bc}ond me how 
anyone could he WIth such a 
burden. 

Leeches - that is the only 
word which can adequately 
describe people wh0 would live 
in this (or any other) country 
and let others pay the price. 
These people JUSt want a free 
lunch , but the fact is, the 
prinCIples of thiS country must 
be upheld at the expense of its 
dtlzens. if needs be. 

Needs be. 
Abe Feldspar 

Dr. Warren FarreU: 
ThIS leuer IS in response to 

your recendy published 3111c1e. 
"Sexual Harassme nt IS a Two-
Way ~treet " With your 
credentials, I was hoprng to 
encounter a "liberaled" man's 
POInt 01 View of thIS complex 
and controversial subject. 
InslcJd. you have promoted the 
pr('domlnant male, female 
stereotypical role-models In 
surface f..l shlon Your portrayal of 
middle-aged male prolessonal 
,luthorHY figures JeopardIZing 
l .Jrt'Crs and fJn. lI), Ii'" 11>' 

~uccum l1 lng [0 Ihe scduc tlons 01 
)'oung. art r,ILl 1\ l' P(}\\C[' hu ngl) 
klll,lle "'lUJcnt-tClllplrl'''''c~ \q th 
e\p'""l'U ~h()ulder, Jl1d ·clIme· 
hlth,'r' L'XPIT"llIm Jllt:, IllII 
dan" 1 ... , Ul";. Dr I .lITell II 

lunher obscures them. 
You represent Beals' role In 

"Flashdance" as that of a 
conniving toughIe who, after 
submi tting to the dogged pursuit 
of her attractive boss, "uses" his 
connections in achieving her 
selfish aspiration, the dance 
audition. This curious 
misinterpretation seems far 
fetched to me. I suggest you go 
back to the theatre after you 
change the lenses in your 
glasses. There are rich metaphors 
in this slick fairytale, after aU. In 
some male producer's 
"Wonderwoman" fantasy 
projection, our heroine welds by 
day and dances by mght, 
perfecting her routines WIth 
girlfriends on the weekend 
between loads of laundty. 
Accordmg to you, Dr. Farrell, she 
is gUIlty WIth a capital G for 
possessing initiative , setting 
goals. being ambitious. and worst 
of all . God forbid. achieving 
success through virtue of her 
own hard work and talent as a 
dancer. It's so American, Dr. 
·Farrell. how can you resist this 
tale 01 triumph over adverSIty (or 
arc credenuals so' all-important 
to } ou , Dr. Farrell?). 

"When will we learn that 
lelll.lle sexuallt}' IS .In 
c\tradonn,II)' I(mn 01 power .. ... 
fut IUt. just who IS thiS -we" 
,1I1>'Way~ Come now. ,Ire }'ou 
rcall} '(1 IntllTIld ,l(ed (,'bses ed1) 
b} Ih,·:.e ~'l)ung \Hlmell \\llh thclr 
-,hlrt ' llll IIl( ·,houkkr" IJl1dur) 
LeI' go gill .. - II '> h,ld. III the 
kll' h,·n . . 1Ilt! 1,,.. IW.l\,' n ..... Ih.e 

take off Ihose shoesl 
Nancy Briggs 

Editor: 
In respo;]se to Roben StOkely's 

letter (Guardian, Feb. 6) 
regarding circumcision: The 
operation is in facl performed 
for medical reasons, and not 
because of archaic religious 
belief, as Mr. Stokely implies. 
(Christianity. the dominant 
religion in Ihe US, does nOt 
reqUire circumcision: this fact 
was used 10 identify Jewish 
males in Nazi Germany.) First, 
unci rcumcised males are highly 
susceptible to infections in the 
enclosed area, and second, 
female sex panners of these men 
have a much greater incidence of 
cervIcal cancer than do Ihose 01 
"mutilated" men. This indeed 
-strong medical justification." 

While It is true that 
circumciSIon is performed 
without anestheSIa, It IS relatively 
p,unless, a, eVldem:ed by th e 
lact Ihat the child does not cry, 
Many routine prc\,enta llve 
measures arc taken In modern 
hospital birth,: for example. 
silvt.'r nHr.lu: IS applied to a 
baby's eye, to protl'(( .Ig.llnst 
blindness Ih.1t Il1lghl ,)(cu r Ii 
go nnrrhl', t IS rre~ent 111 Ihe' hmh 
l .II1 .11 I Ihl> .1 \'IIII,III<l11 <ll Ihe 
child 's ngh\>1 01 mur,l' I1llt , 
neither 1.1Il unl' ' Inglc lIut 
1I1l UIl1l'I,UIIl \\lIhlllll dl'I1}'ll1g 
Ihl' Jl.ll'l·lll, right 1(1 pnlll'lI Ih.1t 
lhild . 

Rachel rrellcldcr 

Editor 
Tim August 

Managing Editor 
Phil Lauder 
Copy Editor 

Joe DesideriO 
Opinion Editor 
Grace Nielsen 

Contributing Opinion Editor 
David Wolf 
News Editor 
Lisa Lapin 

Contributing News Editors 
Christop her Canole 
Steven R. Friedman 

Phil Wlllon 
Features Editor 

james Ralph Papp 
Ans Editor 

Andrew Keeler 
Associate Ans Editor 

John Nee 
Spons Edilor 
jeff Savage 

Photo Editor 
Rich Pecjak 

General Manager 
Chris Milke 

Associate General Managers 
Linda Lewis 

Valerie McMullin 
Photographers 

Richard Caterina 
Rob Friedenthal 
Mark j ohnson 
David Newell 
Illustrators 

john Ashlee 
GarneU Fltz-Henley 

Typesetters 
Joe DeSIderio 
Anggie Lapld 
Phil Lauder 

Andy Laurence 
Production 

Hana Abrams 
Paul FalWell 
Llzz Fuller 

Vesl1i1 Kula,rnovlc 
Kelley Neal 
Staff Writers 

L,Ulce Bernard. Elh,111 h~erst . 
Sergio Klier. MICh,lcl P,UlOs. 

DenJ Rosen. 
The UCSD Guardian is 

published Mondays and 
Thursdays during the academic 
ye,\[ by students ,l[ UCSD. Views 
expressed In th.e Guardian do not 
represe nt the views of the 
Regents of the University of 
California or the Associated 
Students of UCSD. All un-
initialled edilOrials represent the 
views of Ihe entire editorial 
bOclrd of the Guardian: initialled 
ed itoriJls represent minority 
opinions of the editorial board . 
Reproduction . publicalion . or any 
usc without permission of Jn y 
portion of this newspaper 
without prior norificallon is 
striclly prohibited. 

The Gu(mJIClJl welcomes s igned 
letters ,md eOmmenlM}, ,IS 
outlil1ed in the Oplllion section; 
however. we Me 1101 rcsponslble 
lor unsoliciled m,lnuscripls or 
.. lrt . 

Our oHlec i~ loc.Hcd soUth c,ISt 
01 Ihe Revelle Provost OITlce next 
door III the Chc C.lfc Oil Ihe 
U SD c,unpus. The BUSiness 
Orllcl' I, open Irllill 9 ,lin 1(1 
111"'11 ,lIld I pill III '5 pill Mond.l)· 
Ihn1ugh fnd'l}' 

'1ubscnp"on, ,Ul' ,\\',Ul,lbll' ,lilt! 
\\ III he lIl,ulnl 11,,1 d.t" Illr S 15 
pn qtt,llll" 

The UC~D Guardian 
\';C~D , B-Olb 

l .d Jolla. ahfomla 92093 
(619) 452-3-166 

February 9, 1984 5 
UI'I~IO'\ 

CommentarY-

Draft Dispute: 
A Legal Question 

The true story of 
Hiawatha and the boy 

By G.S. PERITZ 
The UCSD Guardian. for aU its effons 

to provide much needed and hard to 
get infonnation about the Selective 
Service and draft registration, is 
surprisingly unaware of the facts 
concerning the legal situations of the 16 
men so far indicted by the justice 
'Department for their refusal to register 
with the Selective Service. 

In an editorial by Guardian Editor Tim 
August, "Draft Registration in the land of 
the free?" (1/26), and in 'The UCSD 
Guide to the Selective Service" (1 / 26, 
.(0) by Contributing News Editor 
Christopher Canoie, statements made 
about the trials and disposition of 
cenain cases are incorrect and 
,misleading. 

Working with legal information 
prOVided by Colonel Ebel, assistant 
director of the Selective Service in 
Washington, D.C., the cases reponed on 
were referred to a!> "setbacks" in the 
Justice Department's prosecution of non-
registrants. It was implied that the trials 
(or in Sam Matthews' case, his release 
from prison) of these men have resulted 
in, or have been the results of, final 
rulings by the courts in favor of the 
defendants. This is not so. Indeed, three 
of the 16 cases could be caDed final, 
and have ended in convictions with 
prison time and alternate service for the 
defendants. 

The claim by Mr. August that "the 
chances of more than a few dozen 
(non-registrants) being prosecuted are 
quite smaU" is an erroneous assumption 
that suggests a false sense of security for 

draft registration resisters. Here in 
California, a state within the jurisdiction 
of the US 9th Circuit Court of Appeals, 
the chances of prosecution are in fact 
quite good. 

At present it appears more than likely 
that such cases wiu result in the 
convictions of the non-registrants. In 
the interest of proViding more accurate 
information, pal1lcularly for those young 
men who would risk prosecution for 
resisting draft registration, some 
clarifications are needed. 

David Wayre 's indictment in Los 
Angeles was initiaUy dismissed because 
of discriminatory prosecution. The 
appellate coun later reversed that ruling 
and reinstated the charges against 
Wayte. As it now stands, the couns wiu 
no longer dIsmiSS charges when the 
defense claims discriminatory or 
selective prosecution. The issue is now 
awaiting final review by the US Supreme 
Coun. 

In an Ohio case, Mark Schumucker 
was actually convicted of failure to 
register. On appeal, his case was sent 
back to the trial coun to conduct further 
hearings. Schumucker's case was not 
"reversed" as reponed, but is still active 
and awaiting a final decision by the trial 

. coun. 
In another Ohio case, Sam Matthews 

was also convicted of failure to register. 
He was sentenced to a one year federal 
prison term, which he staned serving. 
Due to a technical defect in his mal 
similar to the Schumucker case, he was 

,,11'<1$(' 111111 loJ 1~lg, 6 

By PHIL LAUDER 
I love bicycles. I love bicycles in a 

dilTerent way Ihan most people who 
love bicycles love bicycles. Most of these 
people received their first bike while in . 
the crib, and have pretty much been 
eating, drinking and sleeping with one 
bike or another since then. They now 
own slick, streamlined "two-wheeled 
machines": aluminum beasts with every 
ounce of unnecessary weight lopped 01T. 
They don't belh:ve in kickstands or 
reflectors or lights or even cute little 
tinker-type bells on the handlebars; it's 
all extra weij(ht to them. 

These aficionados - hardcore 
bicyclists if there eve~ were any - can 
often be seen at stoplights, balancing 
their motionless bikes with their feet 
locked into the pedals. (Q: What do 
they do if a sudden sideways gust hits? 
A Fall .) With your window rolled down 
while waiting at the signal, you can hear 
them babble about the upcoming 
criterium, how they did at the 
Velodrome last night and who was 
ranked what in Senior Division. 

I am nOt one of these hardcores. I do 
not wish to belittle anyone who is: I 
think it 's fantastic that someone can get 
so into a hobby. No, really. 

I got my first and only bicycle on my 
eighth binhday. I was so happy. The 
bicycle and I became good friends over 
the next ten years. There was only one 
problem: the thing was a piece of crap. 

But it was my piece of crap. 
It was a metaUic green 26" three· 

speed Hiawatha. That's what it was. 
Before I even touched it, Dad was in the 

Burroughs Corporation, a world leader in the electronics based 
infonnation systems industry, is ready for the future. We are finnly 

estabUshed in one of the most promisIng growth industries of our time 
... we have addressed all of the essentials - human resources, technology and 

Include computers, 
office automation systems, computer 
based systems, peripheral devices, 
and a range of applications software 
products and professional services. 

customers - constructively and comprehensively. 

Burroughs' ongoing success in the design, engineering, 
manufacturing, marketing and support of information systems 
and related equipment has resulted in opportunities for top graduates in: 

• Computer Science • Electronic Engineers • Chemical Engineers 

ON CAMPUS INTERVIEWS 
February 14 
See your college plac;:ement office to arrange an interview. 

, 

An Afrirmall\'c A"llon Employer Mit' 

Burroughs 

garagt: , working on the gear shift. That 
gear shift functioned properly for a total 
of eight days in the ten years the bike 
lived. But I didn't care. 

I think I was above two-foot-five on 
my eighth binhday. The top bar of the 
bike reached up to my ear. Dad 
attached a foam rubber seat directly 
onto the bar and put two·inch blocks 
on both sides of both pedals so that I 
could make a feeble attempt at riding 
this thing. You see, this was a bike I 
was going to grow into, not out of. 

And then we went through the dad-
teaches-kid-to-ride-bike ritual. Living in 
the country made this a little easier. 
Certainly it made it less embarrassing, 
since no one could watch me ("Gosh 
darn, Daddy, what the hell am I doing 
wrong?"). Also, falling face first into din 
is more pleasant than doing the same 
into asphalt. 

My binhday was in April. It was 
September before I could ride that thing 
on my own. 

After taming my bucking bronco, we 
became fast friends. Through some 13 
flats, a few snapped brake cables, 
innumerable binding of the gears and 
the squeakiest brakes an)M'here - I 
never have had quiet brakes - we 
plodded fonh . We overcame. 

Then we went to college. My first 
semester was spent as a commuter at 
San Diego State. After twO days of 
trudging on foot from one line to 
another - invariably located on 

, opposite ends of the campus - I 
pIt'Ll\(' t" rn (II pagl' 6 

fl Introducing 

DENIS 
GARRAHAN 

formerly of 
Coming Attractions 

YEARS A HEAD 
8950 Villa La Jolla Dr. 

Suite 2120 
La Jolla 

457-2930 

NAVY NUCLEAR 
ENGINEERING 

any better offers? $24,000 
to $54,000 after 6 years. 
If you are 19 to 26 years 
of age majoring in math, 

chemistry, physics or 
engineering and would 
like to learn more about 

this opportunity 

CALL 
COLLECT 
(619) 

293-6746 
Call between the hours of 9 
am to 5 pm, Mon. thru Wed. 



6 FebrulIIY 9, 1984 
OPI~IO:'\ 

lIlIl/IIlIll'J }"'"I l"lgl' 5 
realized that there had to be a bener 
way. And there was. I brought my bike 
- left it chained to a tree on Avocado 
Road. Each day I would drive or be 
dnven to the bike. unlock it and ride It 
to and around campus. The system was 
beautiful , and nobody touched my bike. 
It wasn 't worth the trouble. These are 
the things you can get away with If your 
bicycle Isn't worth $500 

Then I came to UCSD and I tried the 
same trick. Each morning I parked my 
car on La Jolla Shores Dnve, strolled to 
where my bike was locked up . and rode 
It to campus. 

One Monday I drove to school. 
parked my car and went to get m, bike. 
It wasn't there. II was nol {here. My mind 
was a whirl as I walked aimlessly In the 
general direction of campus. My bicycle. 
My Hiawatha! I couldn't concentrate on 
anything In lecture. My bike! I was a 
wreck. 

In the afternoon I found I wasn't the 
only wreck around . I discovered my 
pnde and JOY In three pieces nestled 
firmly and qUietly in a taU oak tree. 

I was so bummed. Tossed into a tree? 
My bike - lOS sed into a tree. I was 
demo ed. It was destroyed . Well , maybe 
nol. 

I rescued It Ever tried to recover a 
blcyc\~ from a taU tree? Try 11 some 
ume. I think I had an audlen e. 

After recovering the pieces. my dad 
and I reassembled them. There was a 
pnnClple here. Through some kmd of 
voodoo we got It running, and I brought 
It back 10 schoo!' Nobody touched It 
ag,lIn . Nobody DARED touch it again . 

LaSt year I gOt an apartment In San 
Diego and decided I needed tWO bikes 

Introducing 
THE TOUCHSCREEN 

PERSONAL COMPUTER. 
The Hewlett -Packard 150. 

one for there and one for schoo!. I kept 
my Hiawatha at the apartment and 
brought my dad's ten speed to schoo!' 
Life was greal. 

Then it happened . You'll nmice that 
I've used the past tense throughout thiS 
tale. as though I were building up to a 
tragic ending. Well. here it is: my bike 
wa~ stolen. Clean SWiped - lock 
broken and removed . The thieves - the 
despicable . low-life scum of the earth -
got away With a bike that to anyone else 
but me wa~ probably worth eight bucks, 
maybe $12 in scrap. To me It was 
pnceless. 

I hope they're happy. 
owadays I keep my dad's ten-speed 

in my hatchback and take It out of the 
car when I get 10 schoo!. This bike, a 
chipped-white Tease (you know, 
Nlshiki , Campanella, FUJ I, Centurion, ... 
and Tease), has almost as much 
charaCler as the other; at lea t its brakes 
can be heard for miles. But it's just not 
quite the same. 

Yes, I do love bikes - but on a lower 
level than mos!. 

Draft 
""IIIIIII,',I/"ltli Iklgt' j 
released early when Schumucker's case 
went back to the trial court. ThiS does 
nm mean that the charges against 
Matthews were dropped . The release 
was nm a dismissal but an alternanve to 
a new trial on the same charges. 
Matthews was given the chOice of taking 
the conviction wuh a reduced se ntence 
or standing trial again on the same 
charges and facing probable conviction 
and a full sentence. Matthews did not 
appeal. 

Meet the HP 150 Touchscreen Personal Computer - the easiest-to-Iearn, 
easiest-to-tJse personal computer avail3ble today. Touch. It makes sense. To 
operate a personal computer by simply touching the screen. Whether you're 
moving a paragraph with the INOrd processor or creating a graph, you just 
touch the screen. No complicated commands. No mouse. Just your finger. 

But Hewlett-P.1ckard's engineers didn't stop with the touchscreen. They 
designed the standard system with 2561< of memory; a high-performance 8 
MHz 16-8it processor; tIM) RS-232 serial ports, which make adding a printer 
and a telephone modem easy; one HP-IB (lEEE~88) port, tor additional 
printers, plotters, disk storage, and more; plus 512 x 390 high-resolution 
graphics. The standard system also includes t\NO 3W high-speed disk drives 
and the popular MS-DOS operating system. 

Stop by the University Bookstore Computer Center tor a demonstration on 
the HP 150 Touchscreen computer. You might get in touch with a whole new 
you. 
list PrIce: 53995 
GRAND OPENING SPECIAL: 13150 s.v. 1145. 
·Grcrld Opening prices valid through March 15, 1984. ~ 

.-- ~ FliPW HEWLETT Setting you free. I' ' 
~~ PACKARD 11l,,1eIt-I'aci.ard Pl'r~(lllal Computers 

UIlIVERSITY BaaliSTaRE 
J"i"UniIT~L1 r&pr&l!J 
""mrv I en ¥hiF # .n 

452-4291 

In hiS editorial, Tim August has 
wrtnen that Ben Sasway was "denied a 
co nstitutionally guaranteed fait trial 
when the presiding judge refused to 
allow Sasway to testify on his own 
behalf." Presumably what Mr. August 
meant was that US District Judge 
Gordon Thompson Jr. did not allow 
Sasway to present certain testimony 10 
his defense that the judge ruled 
irrelevant to the definite issues of fact or 
of law to be rried . Mr. August claims that 
Judge Thompson "revoked Sasway's 
unalienable [sic] right of free speech" 
when he ordered Sasway not to speak 
about resistance' or on behalf of non-
registrants while his, case is on appeal. 
He fails to mention ~ Thompson's 
order was rescinded shortly after the 
trial when the US 9th Circuit ruled that 
it was not part of the conditions of the 
bad terms. 

On February 3, a federal appeals 
pancl of the US 9th Circuit Court 
upheld Ben Sasway's conviction in a 
ruling that defends the prosecution of 
resisters. The three-judge panel rejected 
Sasway's argument that the government's 
draft registration enforcement policy was 
unconsnrunonal and that Judge 

Thompson should have permitted 
Sasway to testify during the trial about 
his reasons for failing to register. Such 
testimony, the panel said, -was not 
relevant to the question of guilt or 
innocence." The panel bases its decision 
on the 9th Circuit's prior ruling on 
David Wayte's appeal. 

Mr. August has expressed his pro-
resistance stance which is his right, but 
hiS emotion has gotten the berer of him. 
The uansformation of fact for his own 
purposes precludes others from making 
sense when the utmost sense is needed . 
He unwittingly undercuts not only his 

.own position , but the very real and 
legitimate cause he passionately urges us 
to support. 

The point is that whatever moral 
rhetoric it may generate, draft 
registrarion is nothing if not a legal 
issue. Prosecution tS serious business 
and a federal felony conviction poses 
some grave consequences, not the least 
of which IS prison. The reports of 
Important precedent setting cases must 
be as accurate as possible if they are to 
be of any help to the young men faced 
with the decision of whether or not to 
register for the draft. 

Commentary pieces may be submitted by any concerned individual. When space is 
limited , student articles will take precedence over those of faculty or Guardian staff 
members. Pieces should be three to four pages long, typed double-spaced on a 72-
character line. Articles may be rebunals to a Guardian story or letter. Whatever the 
subject, the wnter should focus on a clear thesis. The articles will be edited for 
grammar and spelling errors, but all major changes will be cleared with the author 
prior to publication. 
Letters to the editor should be one to twO pages in length, types as above. Leners are 
generally written in regard to articles or other letters printed in the Guardl/ln. However, 
any letter of general interest to UCSD students will be conSidered for publicauon. 
Letters may be edited when space requires, but spelling and grammatical errors will 
not be corrected. The writer's name and phone number must accompany evel)' article 
and letter. 

Valentine's Day Personals 
only 50~ (per 100 characters) 

Come to The Guardian before 
noon on Friday, 2/10, and see 

your Valentine's wish. 

February 9, 198'1 7 
NEWS " 

. . . . . ' .. ~ . ' 

Coyer StQ~ 
Not enough minorities to go 
around in faculty positions at UC 
By MICHAEL PARTOS 

The limited number of minoriry applicants available 
[0 fill facuhy positions and their uneven distributlon 
among academic disciplines are the two major 
impediments in efforts to increase the representatiton 
of women and minorities on the Untverslty of 
Califomia faculty. This statement came in a speech 
given to the Regents by UC Senior Vice President of 
Academic Affairs William R. Frazer at the Regents' San 
Francisco meeting on January 19. 

Said Lumpkin of affinnative action, "It has to be a 
process aimed at doing not a little bit for a whole lot 
of people . but a whole lot for a selected few." 

The following statistiCS are from the latest version of 
the UCSD Affirmative Action Plan (11/1 / 81- 10/ 31 / 82). 

Ranked against the other schools of the UC system, 
UCSD has the largest percentage of minority faculty 
(12.2%), followed by UC Santa Cruz (11.7%). It is 
important to nOle the imbalance between the SOCial 
and physical-bIOlogICal sCiences that eXists. For 
example , in the applied sciences at UCSD. there are 
121 male and four female tenured ladder-rank faculry 
members One hundred fourteen of these are white, 
ten are Asian and one IS Hispanic No Blacks or 
American Indians are tenured faculty members (The 
AcademiC Affirmative Action Office manages to claSSify 
all people IntO one of these five groups.) Out of the 
125 tenured facu lty members in the AMES, Economics, 
EECS, Psychology and Scnpps Departments, the only 
minority representatives are ten Asians and one 
Hispanic. 

Frazer claimed that, "UC is appOinting minorities 
and women to the faculty at levels higher than th eir 
availability in most fields." This is a deceiving 

Professor Lumpkin feels that barriers still exist for 
minorities. 'There is a large body of [faculty] resistance 
that feels that affirmative action has damaged the 
reputation of the University. and that altltude operates 
in both the appoi ntment and the promotion process .... 
There is a feeling that every minority faculty member 
has displaced some more quahfied non-minOrity 

latemem, because "availability" is based on the 
percentage of PhDs awarded to a particular minority 
for the given year. This means that "availability" can be 
infinite;;imal or even zero. For example , In 1981-82 no 
Mexican American and only one Black received a PhD 
in computer science in the US. 

faculty member. They [the faculty members I want to be 
convinced [hat thiS IS nm true , and it's an argument 
that you can't pOSSibly Win . There's always someone 
more qualified by some objecuve scale." 

Frazer noted that there are $500,000 in funds 
contained in the governor's 84-85 budget for new 
initiatives to increase the numbers of women and 
minorities available to fill faculty positions in the UC 
system. 

The initiatives include the Targets of Opportunity 
for Diversity Program. The program familiarizes faculty 
with available minority and female PhD candidates and 
helps develop recruitment techniques for those 
"targets." 

The problem with this kind of strategy is that not 
enough minorities make it into the position where 
they can be conSidered "targets ," or even make it into 
graduate schooL This is evidenced by the low 
availability statisrics Frazer cited In his speech to the 
Regents. 

Said Oscar]. Lumpkin , a Black physics professor at 
UCSD, "You can skip the pipeline at various points. If 
you look at the very end of the pipeline and nothing is 
coming out, well that's not a very big surprise when 
you've done nothing farther down the scale." Lumpkin 
feels the University ought [0 do more to recruit 
potential graduate candidates at the secondary level 
and then use the graduates as faculty. 

The LOtal number of ladder-ranked faculty at UCSD 
is 683: 604 male (88.4%), 79 female (11.6%), 599 
white (87.7%), 42 Asian (6.1 %), 20 Hispanic (2.9%), 
19 Black (2.8%), and 3 American Indian (0.4%). 

The AMES Deparment lIiustrates what is being done. 
All the ladder-ranked faculty members in the AMES 
Department are males. Of the 21 tenured faculty , [\\10 
are Asians and one is Hispanic - no females, Blacks 
or Amencan Indians. 

There were three searches and twO new 
appOintments made during the reporting period. 
Seventy people applied for the first position, 27 of 
whom (38.6%) were minorities. Of the four Individuals 
seriously conSidered, three were white and one was 
Asian The individual selected was a white male. He 
declined the offer. The second search resulted in the 
hiring of a male Asian. The third search resulted in the 
hiring of a white male. Five professors and one 
assOCia te professor, aU whae males, were granted mem 
advancements. and one white male was promoted to 
tenured rank. 

The University has used some form of student 
minoriry affirmative action for more than ten years, yet 
stiD miniscule numbers of non-Asian minorities make 
up the graduate srudent body in most technical 
subjects. 

Professor Lumpkin calls himselj "a Willner 111 a louery" 
as a Black physics prof H1 a white-dominated UCSD. 

Professor Lumpkin: "The faculty is generally not 
open to people who are different. I think it's 
conSciously or unconsciously cloning itself. It's not 
interested in the rype of collegiality that would come 
from people who are from a dlfferem culrural or 
socioeconomic background ... it's a closed club in many 
ways. In my experience, even if you meet the 

JRczC!; = . 
S'oourf Jll/air A froz~n ~ yogurt creations ~ 
I-y p.rc..!.~f ~~ .. or Blore I 

• We ".0 ho.or .B 
Vosurt Parlor coapo_ • 

I .. To ..... y .......... 
atHene'" 
LaJ_ 

NOIUJ OpeRl 
1774 Ga .... t A"e. 

Pacific Plaza 
- . - -- ---~-

- -----================ 

SOFT CONTACT LENSES 
One Hour Service in most ceses 

I4CLUDES: 
Contact len~, examination, 
patient training, follow up, 
chemical care kit and fitting. 
IXJDI)IJ) WEAl LENSES 
ONLY .... OO 

THE CLASSICAL EYE I 
DR. ROIERT HELLO 0PT0ME1IIST 

La Jolla Village ~ 
(Inside the Mall; Lower revet) 

8657 Vil la La Jolla Drive • Suite ' 36 
451-7374 
HydrocUlv~ ext~nded wear lenses available . 

PRECISION 
HAIRCUTS 

for men & women 
Wi.1t ,lti. c OUPO" o rdy. 

Offer expires 2-24-84. 

737 Pea rl 456-1170 
La Jolla 456-1815 

pi,""" 111111 1,1 l"'~" 8 

_________ _ ____ ___ ~ __ _ _ - ____ -'---....Io-------1 

$10 PRECISION: PERM $29.50 HAIRCUT I Long Hair ExIra. 
~--------------------for mea & wORlen I 

Shampoo, condition, cuI. 
(Blowdry not lneluded.) 

: CELLOPHANE $15 

914 • VW • BMW. AUDI Service 
German Car Specialists 

All work /ully guaranteed. Factory- Trained ~cialist 
Monday -Friday 8 am - 5 :30 pm • Saturday 8 am - 5 pm 

(619) 454-7823 .. 14630 Mission Bay Drive 
(619) 454-370511.... (1-5 to Balboa Exit) 
(619) 275-1132 ~ __ . San Diego, CA. 92109 
* We use and recommend KnulIIll® Lubricants to Ollr customers. * 

--------------------------------------UCSD SPECIAL! 10% OFF 
4 cyJ Tune-Up $45 I On All Other Repairs 
6 cyJ Tune-Up $65 I (Except Motor & Transmission Overhaul) 

With This Coupon I With -rhis Coupon 
(Nul "III,d 11'1111 lillY ullwr tYJII/IIJII) I (Nul valId ""th any other cou/JOn) 



-
v 1rll 
Volume 10 Number 8 Winter Quarter 

YEAR8<X)KS! 
YEAR8<X)KS! 
Only 23 yearboob left! Get 'em at Revelle 
Dean'a Office -~ 'em lOOn or you'll be left 
out! 

Career Plannina & Placement 
OFFERS: 

c..n in IUGIdI, PuWk. S-i ......... 
IWwallion ~ Wed., Peb. 
11. 3.00 pm, Nonh Coal. Rm.. Student 
CeIlter. 
c..n in eM ViIIMIl Area. Thun.. Peb. 
D. z.oo pm, North Coal. Rm.. Student 
CeIlter. 
Profaa......, ecr.... in N........ tI 

~CSI A VUic to UCSD MeIUaII 
c..... Thun., Peh. 13. ZslO pm. Room 
Ioadon to be _!MM ...... , .. 
c..n'nLaw. WecL,Peb.19.llalO ..... 
North Coal. Rm.. Student CeIlrer. 
Do' ....... Don'll 0( A Stu:caa{tdJob H....a. 
Wed., Feb. 19. lIOO pm, North CoDE. 
RID, Student Center. 
An ...... LooIc '" s,.... M.Iicifte. 
Thun., Mar. 1.4.00 pm, North CoDE. 
am.. Student CeIlter. 
WORKSHOP SCHEDULE (all In 
Re9e11e FonaaI Lou ... 6\ ..,...aa. I 
hour) 
y ..... SIdUI • YOIII' c..r. Offends 
Priday. February 14. 10.00 MIl and 
Ta.iaY. March 6. 10a00 .... 
Job M.IrIrd Trena Offend: Wedneed8,. 
Muda 7.11.00 .... 
R., .. W ........ OfferecL Wed ....... ,. 
Febnauy U.llOOpmuad p~ ....... 
Z. 10.00 .... 
~ SIciUI. Offends Tueed.,. 
February 21. 11.00 UIl uad Wedaeed8,. 
w...ch 7. 3.00 pm. 
&a~" ~ionI to ~ On· 
e..."... .~ Offends T .... ,. 
Pebnauy 21. 10.00 UIl md Prid.,. 
February 24. 1:00 pm. 
Figi". the Hidden Job MCirlcet. 
WedD .. ,. Februuy 11. 3.00 pill md 
Thunct.y. March I. 3:00 pm. 

Revelle'. Collese Bowl 
Conaratulationa to Revdle'l Collqe Bowl 
Team, Brian Hughes, Steve Crupi, Paul 
Heroza and Mitch Ludwin! They won the 
campus-wide competition on Saturday and 
have earnl!d a berth in the regional 
competitiona to be hdd in San Francisco, 
February 18th. Winnen of the regionals will 
go to the Nationals. Let's hear it for the 
REVELLE EDUCA nON! Good lude in San 
Francisco. 

The dl!adlinl! for Revelle Freshmen 
Orientation Leaders is quickly approaching. 
Earn money and ml!et hundreds of nl!w 
students! If you will be at least a sophomore 
next Yl!ar and havl! a G.P.A. of 2.0 or higher 
consider applying for a position as 
orimtation leadl!r. Past 0.1. 's have said that 
being an orientation leader was on of thl! 
mOlt I!njoyable experil!ncl!S they have had 
hl!rl! at UCSD. 

Applications arl! availabll! in the Revdll! 
Dean's OffiCI! and thl! Revelle Community 
Ct:nter. Deadlinl! to apply is February 17th. 
Don't dday ... apply today. 

~ 

SPOTLIGHT ON 
Todd 
Jacobsen 

Todd Jacobeen it not your everyday avenae Revelle bookworm. ThOuah, with hit lilt of 
activities, you miaht expect him to be Joe over-achiever, or maybe a typical joclc, thiI iI far 
from the truth. Althoqh Todd it a 1er10U1 scholar, his extra-curricular activitiel are 
divene and he baa met with lP'est IUCcess in them. 

Todd it a lifeauard on campus, .. well as a Iwimming All-American and a water-polo 
pl.yer. Becau.e of thiI one miaht well expect a bronzed, empty headed .un aod, but thil 
isn't the CMe either. 

Todd it the leader of one of UCSO'. moat popular punic banda, the Insolent.. He .tarted 
thia .. a creative releue, and does it for fun, but even 10 the bmd has met with .~, 
pl.yinlat many UCSD functiona in the puc ye8r. Since Todd ilinvolved in the punk 
mUlic 1Cefte, you miIht imaIine him with multi-colored hair (or no hair at all) but Todd it 
a atardintly normallookinllUY. He defies any of the atereotypes he could be expected to 

. fit becauIe of au. echool, hit mUliaaI taate or his athletic abilities. 
Althoulh there don't aeem to be too many areu of activity left for Todd to explore, he 

does intend to branch out into the alkampua politicallcene, and reportedly has his eye on 
a major political paRdon for next year . Todd declines commenting on thiI rumor, 
althouth he does exsn- the view th8t " .. .1 UIed to be 10 apathetic -10 if I can tel involved, 
anyone can get involved." 10 which a fellow team member .rudely adds "yesh - if Todd 
could do it, 10 could any corpae." 
. Todd anributes hiI aucceu to ItrOlll family ties. He hopei to meet with more of it, 

ellpedally on the political acene. He certainly could do a lot to disprove the unkind 
atereotype of "nerd" liven to Revelle .tudenta, and it would be intereatintl to lee what sort 
of a leader Todd would malee. The only thina you can really predict about Todd it hiI 
unpredictability, ~ if he meea with the aame .uccesa in the political field that he baa met 
with in the pool and with music, he may be a .ure thina for AS whatever. 

~ ____ Around the Plaza __ ...... 
*February 10 - Noon Concert ~dJe Plata . 
* February 13-14 - Valentine Gifl Sak on the Plat,a: 

Cookies, Candy, Balloons and Flower. 
*February 15 - Noon Concert "Tim Root" on the 

Plata 
*Februry 16 - Prowst's Luncheon with Students 
*February 1 7 - Sum Dancers Exhibition on the Plata 
*February 1 7 ,..... Deadline for Orientation Leader 

Applications 
* February l2 - Noon Concert "The Odds" 
* February 24 - ~lle ProgTam Board ",.esents 

"Wargames" 
* February 24 - Noon Concert on the Plata 

The 
Revelle 

Talent 
Show ••• 

All Photo Credits: 
James Macdonald 

Thl! Rl!Vclll! Talent Show, organizoo by RA's Ikn Deckl!f and Teresa RUdolph, was a 
smashing success this year as the 12 acts boogied, strummed, and sang their hearts out. 

Though it was a tough decision, the judges awarded a 3rd. placl! tie to Joe Shinner! and 
Steve Rotblatt, both guitarists, 2nd place to dancers Cindy Tsujimara and Jocelyn 
Vodovoz, and first place to guitarist Chip Lynn. 

Thl! I!vming was sponsoroo by HPA and I!mcel!d by Jeff Orlin.ky. The talent displayed 
at the talent show just goes to show that Revelll! students can do more than study 
humanities. 

Commuter Lounge 
Many returnina.tudenu may have noticed 

a different name outaide the lou. form"ly 
known only as the Community Center. With 
the additional name have a110 come 
additional chanaes that live the Center a 
whole new look. To mention just a few, the 
Community Center/Commuter Lounge has 
brand new furniture, a new paint job, and a 
microwave. 

The Center is open to all commuter 
ltudenta, 10 come on' in and check it out. 
Emeraencv car luppliel .uch 31 jumper 
cables and pa cans, and pines can be 
checked out throuah the Lounge Office. As 
"waYI, there are bus schedules and UCSD 
mapa, auorted .tudent orpnization/service 
information, and an on-campus phone. 

In addition, the Center now baa a bulletin 
board for commuten to le8ve mellqel and 
notices to one another. There is a luse 
quarterly calendar of evenu. The Center a1ao 
baa an electronic board of eventa, and a 
marquit with all the important school dates 
like vacation times and the latest date to drop 
that killer c ..... 

Even with all the chanaes, the intertUI that 
man the Center are still worlcina hard to 
1m prove the resources available to commuter 
studenta. In the near future, commuten can 
look for I copy machine and a work ina 
stereo. 

If you have any questiona for the Lounge, 
put them in the auaestion box on the coffee 
table, or lesve them with one of the interns in 
the office. After all, its your Center, 10 make 
the moat of it. 

The Friend. of UCSD Ubrary are 
sponlorina the 10th Annual Book 
Collection Contelt open to all UCSD 
Undergraduates. Book collections must be 
of between 25-35 books owned and 
co!lected by the student. An annotated 
bibliographical essay must also be submitted. 
For further information, contact Marc 
Gittelsohn at x3065, or inquire at Cluster 
Undergraduate library Reference Desk. 
Prizes arl!$175 for lstplace, $125 for second 
place and $75 for third place. 

Auditions 
For Musical: 

Havl! you been waiting all your life for that 
pt:rfect moment to flaunt your dramatic 
talent! Well, here it is ... with a little work and 
lots of chutzpah, you could be in the Revelle 
mUSical, Once Upon a Mattress. The 
auditions for this once in a lifetime event are 
Saturday, February 11th at 10 am in Why Not 
HL'Te! (south dining hall). 

Now, don't be nervous! The audition is 
simple. First, you have to memorize a two 
minute scene with another partner (practice 
ahead of time - you don't want to be there all 
day!). Then, at the audition, the directors 
will tl!ach you future stars a dance routine 
and songs to sing as a group and individually. 

So what do you say! A little work for a lot 
of IIlory. (Did Marlon Brando really start out 
like this!) Be a Revelle player in the '&4 
production of Once Upon a MactreJS! T odsy, 
the caf, tomorrow, MOM! 

-.. 



Science Profile 

Suess on Gennany 
and magic numbers 
By JOEY STORER 

Dr. Hans E. Suess was born and time was not as Important as his later 
edu ated in Vienna, where he first observations would prove to be. 
became Interested in geochemistry. He "In 1938," said Suess, "Hitler invaded 
liked physics as well a~ chemistry but Austria, and I automancaUy became a 
said that physIcs was too diffIcult and German citizen and was eligible lor the 
chemistry was much ea ler for him. In draft, which could be aVOided by 
1936, when Seuss began 10 look for a appropnate work. We at the Inslitute 111 
poslllon as a postdoclOrate condllions Hamburg decided to do work on 
In Austrta were bad, and there was no uranium to prel'ent us from bcin~ 
chance lor him to get a Job In hiS own drafted As It turned OUt, even many of 
country He wa~ able to spcnd mne the Nazi supporters did not lVant 10 get 
months 111 Zunch as a ===;=-=~~~-====-IiI==.:!!~!!!e drafted either and began 
POSt doc, bUI then was to find reasons to 
nOl allowed to continue "Science is a continue their research at 
hiS employment. All of the ul1lversities." 
Western Europe wa~ random walk. " Suess worked on heavy 
swamped Wllh refugees water, to be used for a 
from Germany. He was poisonous gas, according 
told that he should nO! Iry 10 take away 10 rumors. Dunng the war It lurned out 
the few jobs that could be ofTered to in Germany that the only scientific 
JeWish sClenn tS in need of jobs. euss secret you could tell the enemy was that 
accepted an inVitation to the Ul1Iverslty there was no such secret. In Norway, at 
of Hamburg. the heavy water plant, everyone was 

Hamburg, a pon City , was more suspecting that something war-related 
international and less radical than the was going to happen, and Suess told the 
rest of Germany and Austria. Suess said OIwegians that nothing like that was 
that no one there believed In an gOing on. Suess said , -It was very 
Imminent lVar Because uess had difTlcult to commul1lcate the e things." 
Austrian citizenship, he did not have 10 After the war, Suess was working In 
swear allegiance 10 Hitler and could radiochemistry and slUdYlng the 
come and go as he pleased. Dunng thiS abundances of the elements Though 
time (before World War II) he was others who were phYSicists had tried to 
srudymg the decay of potas~lum-40 and find an explanation for the numbers 
other ISOtopes, which had not been describing the periodicities In the 
Invesugated before. HIS research at that neutron and proton numbers, Suess and 

Digital R.'nbow - A Touch of au.'1Iy 
Fina'ly. a comput~ that was built with quality in mind; the Rainbow 100 

Persona, COfllIUter, Irs made by DEC. the seoond largest (X)~r 
corporation in the world_ DEC has been building ~ for ~ 20 years_ 
Nld It1ey do it right: high quality. and higl pefonnance at a low price, 

The Rainbow brings )OU 64 K of RAM. ~ to 2~ a fast dual-
proc~r systrm ~of ruming both Sand 16-bit applications; a keyboard 
IMlich has bc!en tauted as being ·'among the best in the industry"; 2 built-in 
SW disk drives, giving )OU ~ 800( of storage; 2 printer/modem ports; 3 
expansion slots; and a trim ~ display which QWl even display 132 (X)'urmsl 
The system also has a built';n terminal mode. IMlich QWl en"lJ~ either VT100 
or VT52 terminals. IJVhen it comes to softwa~. there a~ ~ a thousand 
programs available for the Rainbow. inWding more than a dozen languagesl 

Best of all. with the Rainbow 100 }OU get D9f.ars ~ ~ 
program. and their e~ one year on-site INaI're Ity_ I.ooIc fNer the 
Rainbow; )OUr "Pot of Gold" may be closer than )OU think_ 
Ust PrIce: 53495 
GRAND OPENING SPECIAL: 12450 Save $10451 
System Includes CP IM-86/SO and MS-DOS 
-Grand Opening pt'lces valid through March 15. 1984. 

IIIIIWEIiSITY 1I_IISTaBE 
COMPUTER CENTER 

452-4291 

Maria Mayer, independently and 
simultaneously, found the correct 
explanation. Maria Mayer did so with 
the help of Ennco Fermi , and found an 
explanation for the "magic numbers" as 
she called them. Suess, who had found 
additional slgl1lficance to these • 
numbers, discus cd mailers with his 
phYSicist fflend Hans Jensen who 
mdependently suggested the same 
explamltlon in Germany that Fermi 
suggested in Amrn a. Jensen then 
helped Suess With a completely new 
principle m nuclear physics, that of a so 
called spin-orbit couplIng, also called 
the Mayer-Jensen coupli ng. In 1950 
Ma)'er and Jensen shared a obel prize 
111 physics for this Idea. Such fi nds 
come only oncc in a lifetime, if at all. 

Dr. Suess did work all uramum to 
prevent ocmg drafted by Nav GenllaPlJ. 

When asked about a pOSSible end to 
scientific study, Suess commented, 
"People will never stop seeking 
explanations for nature. Nevertheless, 
science could end, but so would many 
other thmgs." 

Suess relates a story about a claSSified 
seminar given , he thinks, by Edward 
Teller in Chicago 111 I 950. He was not 
allowed to atte nd it, but after the 
seminar Harold Urey remarked to Suess 
that the only really Interesting thing he 
had leamed was that most of the sun's 
energy came from hydrogen burl1lng 
and not from the "carbon-nitrogen 
cycle" as had been thought previously. 
Suess Iatcr realIzed that [he seminar was 
about fUSion . It seemed to him that Urey 
did not find the practical appli aton of 
thiS knowledge worth hiS conSideration; 
the sun appeared mu h more II1terestlng 
to him. 

" clence IS a random walk," explained 
Suess. It rakes t line and money and 
honest}' to make sCience progress. Suess 
pointed out a problem: 'There is much 
emphaSiS placed on publishing one's 
works. If someone makes a 
measurement, for example, and thmks 
that hiS result has only a 5% change of 
being correct, he may still be inclined to 
publish it. He does so because he 
knows that If he wins this gamble, he 
may hit the Jackpot 111 scienlific 
prestige. If he loses and his findings are 
wrong then this will be forgotten and 
WIll not do him any major harm in his 
career. Unfonunately too many people 
gamble in thiS manner, as it may rake 5 
years or more before these findings may 
be found correct or wrong." This 
gambling makes the "random walk" to 
find the truth more lengthy. Suess hopes 
that young researchers will be honest 
with themselves. Dishonesty should be 
viewed much more critically than it IS 
today. 

r - - - - - - - - - - - - 'with this coupon- - - - - - - - - - - - i 
I ~ , I 
: Buy 1 ~,~~ I 
I I 

I Hamburler ~: 
f ~ ~ pri~!s~r i. 
~ Daily after 2:00 and an day Sunday 8 
-= ExpIaa PebI'llaJf 16, 1984. 'g 
·i w. aJao .... Soap ad SaJM. ::I 

! .UI'. a8AA&&a ! 
: 2152 Avenida De La Playa 454-8038 : 
~--------- ___ ,with this coupon ___________ • .! 

.ilZIJI. -t;n~t 
~~~",~ 
~~qm.kc ... 
You need accurate information in a 
profe88ional settinq with 
quaranteed confidentiality. 
You'll find it at. .. 

•

_ FAMILY PLANNING 
ASSOCIATES 
MEDICAL GROUP 

• Free preqnancy testing 
• Preqnancy terminations with 

qeneral or local anesthesia 
• Birth control • Counselinq 
Our staff gyneco4ogiIta and nUIM prlCtltionera lj)eCiaJize in pro-
viding the Hrvices you need at In affordable prici. We accept 
Medi-Cal, Private Insurance, VISA, Mallerclrd . 

SAN DIEGO 
6495 Alvarado Rd. 
(619) 287-8226 

An inteIView with Denny- Harper 

Number one and trying harder 

By ROBERT GEYER 
His office is smaU and he shares it With 

another. His hair is sun-bleached light 
brown and his face is tan, but a shade on 
the red side from the many hours at the 
side of a pool. That shade of red multiples 
when he is sc reami ng at poolsid£ to his 
players or at referees. He can look very 
imposing. He is Denny Harper, head coach 
of UCSD's Division 11 and III National 

, , 
I 

/ 
- / 
/ 

/ 

Championship water polo team. 'n 
intelVlewing coach Harper, one sees the 
three crucial dri.ves that make up his 
cooc hing phUosphy: his desire to gIve his 
players the best possible training; his will to 
challenge and to win; and his hope to 
impart certain values into the experiences of 
his playm. 

What was the high point of your 1983 

CLEARANCE SAlEII 
on 1111983 Models 

• iMlke roo .. for .... 'l4's • 
Bike 
Centurion Sport Dlx. 
Centurion Accordo 
Centurion LeMans 12's 
Centurion Turbo 
Team Fuji 
KHS Winner 
KHS Classic 
KHS Expedition 

Suss. 
Retail 
$179.95 
$234.95 
$294.95 
$595.00 
$409.95 
$139.95 
$269.95 
$394.95 

NOW 
$154.95 
$199.95 
$249.95 
$495.00 
$324.95 
$124.95 
$244.95 
$324.95 

SAVEl 
$25.00 
$35.00 
$45.00 

$100.00 
$85.00 
$15.00 
$25.00 
$75.00 

Come earty fOr the best selection 

UCSD 
BIKE SHOP 

Limited to stock on hand. 
Hours: M-F 10-5 

Sat noon-5 

451-4179 
(across from the Pub) 

water polo season? 
I think, probably, the high point was 

having such a tremendous group of 
freshmen . It was really exciting to see a 
whole new group coming in because for 
a while I was really concerned that we 
were never going to replace people like 
Toby Raymond , Willy Morris and Dan 
Crane, then all of the sudden here 's 
Larry Sanders, Jerry Wisdom, Joe Wade 
and Duncan Millar. I could see that we 
were insuring the fact that we were 
going to have three or four more years 
of really excellent water polo. 

What was the low point of last season? 
It was probably realizing that this 

year's team was not gomg to be able to 
do II agamst the top ten teams like 
USC, UClA, Irvine, etc_ We slarted the 
season 0-7 against these teams. It was 
discouraging and I think that It was 
difficult to finally realize that this was 
not going to be the year for us to get 
IntO the tOp ten. Although Western 
Regionals was our main goal, still it was 
hard to see Mike [Bolden I have to suffer 
through it. It was hiS last year and, of 
course, he wanted to go Out as being a 
member of the best Triton team ever. It 
just wasn 't going to happen. But this 
whole last-year was really just to gam 
experience and get ready for '84. 

What was your final ranking? 
13th. behind Brown and in front of 

Air Force_ 
For your end of the season awards, you 

gave two MVP uwards and two M1P 
awards. Who were they to and why did 
they receive the awards? 

The MVPs were Bill Kazmierowicz 
and Dana Greison . The MIPs were Joe 
Wade and Jerry Wisdom. The team 
voted for the awards and both were 
dead ties. For the MVPs I £hough It was 
perfect. Billy was our most consistent 
player all season long, especiaDy at the 
defensive end. He's a phenomenal 
player. Dana represented the -flashy -flare 
at the ofTensive end. If we hadn't had 

his play at Western Regionals, we would 
have been in trouble. He was the 
ofTensive punch. 

What are your goals for the team? 
Well, we want to crack that top ten 

again . I don 't think there is any 
question about that. Yet, we don't make 
cracking the top ten our number one 
cmenon, but It is very important. I 
think we should be shooting to beat 
those teams. We all want to get back in 
there like the '81 team was. Clearly, 
we've established ourselves as a very 
fme program_ We're competing at a 
really great level right now, but we're not 
winning the games that we really want 
to. Personally, I'm getting a Iitcle tired of 
It. We generaUy have twO or three games 
every year where we have a menial 
breakdown and I have to sit there while 
we get pummeled . We have to develop 
much more consistency. For example 
we lost a close game to number one 
ranked UCB 9-7, then , two weeks later, 
we get slammed 15-4 by 5th ranked 
UCLA 

Are you happy here al UCSD or would 
you rather coach at a Division I scholarship 
school where you might get better pay and 
more consistent players? 

I am reaDy happy here at UCSD. My 
position here has put me in a situation 
where I am able, from a financial 
standpOint, to make what other Division 
I coaches make. So tha(s no longer an 
issue like it used to be . The issue 
becomes; would you rather be at a 
Division I school where you would have 
scholarships to buy kids Jeft and right? 
That guarantees you from year to year 
that you're going to have a good team. 
But I don't think that I would care to be 
in that situation. I've always been [he 
type of person that enjoys being an 
underdog and having a challenge. Every 
game that we play is terribly exciting to 
me because generally we're underdogs 
and I enjoy that. So my answer is that I 

I'lL''''''' 11m I to I)(/~(' H 

IEAT 1HOSE HIGH 
W41VERS1TY COPY COSTS. 

• Binding. Passport • Stationery 
• FoIdng Photos. 

8855 Villa La Jolla 
Drive 

457-3775 
Near Ralph's & 
Sav-on Drugs 

Fast -
Quality 
Service 

Open 7 
Days 



.. ,.. 

12 Febrnary 9. 1984 
"'PORT~ 

UCSD cages the lifeless Cougars 
By MIKE GREENBERG 

Football analyst and Lite Beer 
historian John Madden would have 
loved last Tuesday night's basketball 
game - not because UCSD trounced 
Azusa Pacific for the second time this 
season. 85-59. but because there were 
more grums and gags than in your 
typical Cowboy-Redskin contest. From 
the three-minute mark of the second 
half up 10 its conclusion. officials AI 
Thomasson and Jim Gilchriste let an 
already physical game get way out of 
hand - so much so that it was 
surprising that no blows were thrown, 

With only eight minutes left in 
regulation and the TrilOns firmly in 
command. Cougar guard Phil Fogg tried 
10 get inside the jersey of UC~D reserve 
Jack Bloom the hard way - head first. 
As Fogg was giving Bloom a half-nelson 
(probably out of frustration) Thomasson 
and Gilchriste looked the other way. 
While Greg Kamansky was being 
introduced to the Pavilion floor, 
attempting a reverse layup, Stan and 
Ollie were nowhere to be found. When 
Kendall Berkley's collarbone saId hello to 
Mike Dabasinskas's forearm , play 
virtually came to a halt, evel)'one 
expecting the call that would never 
come. Games like this give mEre 
credence 10 those who say basketball 
players should wear shoulder pads. 

Nevertheless, in probably their most 
blase effolt of the year, the T rilOns 
raised their record in the league 10 3-5, 
two games out of the Southern Division 
lead. Afterwards, head coach Tom 
Marshall was vel)' enthusiastic. despite 
being stricken with a 102° fever that 
made the usually overzealous sideline 
patrolman a little more subdued. "I'm 

Dysan 5W SS 00 53.00 
Dysan 5W OS 00 54.00 
~nB"SSDD 54.25 

axeU 5 Y4" SS DO 52.90 
MaxeU 5W OS 00 54.60 
Sentinal 5 Y4" SS DO 52.65 
Diskeae SIDr~ c.es 
5 W· Minica~ - 6 53.95 

Rip 'N' Fi~ - Holds 50 519.95 

MX-OO SS.50 
Cltoh Prowriter 56.25 
Oume $6.50 
Transtar 55.50 

Ask about ~I orden 

Amdex 12" Green SI99 5179 
Amdex 12" Amber S210 5189 

Ask about spedal orden 

Frogger S35 525 
Home Accountant S75 556 
PFS: File SI25 594 
PFS: Graph SI25 594 
PFS: Write 540 S29 
Zaxxon 540 529 
lork I 540 529 
lark 1/ 540 529 

Ask about spedal orders 

delighted with the team's play. Even 
though we started out a bit sluggish, we 
woke up when it counted," said 
MarshalL 

UCSD's alarm clock did not go off 
until ten minutes Into the first stanza. 
By then , the score was 21-19 Tritons, 
and the tempo was clearly being 
dictated by the Visitors. But UCSD 
proceeded to score the next ten points 
and 13 of 15 to break a close game 
wide open, leading at intermission 34-
2L "When we play like we did tonight 
and last Friday night against Point 
Lorna, we can beat anyone." said 
forward Mark Barreca, who was the 
game's leading scorer with 17 points. 
"That Spurt at the end of the first half 
was typicaL When we put it all together, 
this team can be vel)' good ." 

The final twenty mmutes did not star 
a T rilOn or a Cougar, they were merely 
supporting characters for a striped 
shirted version of The Odd Couple. 
Asked if he was concerned about the 
poor offiCiating which provoked fights 
and thereby jeopardIZed one of his 
players to injul)'. Marshall quipped, ''I'm 
never concerned about that, are you 
kidding? I've got Dabo." 

Dabo. of course, is shon for 
Dabasinskas. a 6'8 H • 265-pound bull who 
does not give an inch to anyone. "They 
I the officials I let the game get out of 
control." said the junior, who might 
become the first player ever at UCSD 10 
play aU four years if he decides 10 
participate next season. "I didn't think it 
was any more physical than the Point 
Lorna glIme. it was jUst more obvious to 
the crowd because many obvious calls 
weren't made." 

S595 5495 
Mannesmam Spirit 80 S399 5355 
Brother CE-50 

Daisywheel S500 54~5 
Ink'f'face for CE-50 SI99 5165 

Epson FX-80 5699 5635 
Epson FX-IOO 5895 S795 
Digital LASO 5695 5556 
Gemini lOX S399 5329 
Gemini 15 S599 5475 
OTC 380z Daisy, 

32 CPS SI495 51250 
HP 747A Plotter SI095 S9lO 

Ask about spedal orders. 

525.00 
523.00 

Sheets-C~an Edge 54.95 
225 Sheets-High Ouality 58.95 
5000 Fanfold Lables 517.50 

PFs: Ale Sl40 5105 
PFS: Write SI40 5105 
Right Simulator S50 539 
Home Accountant Plus SI50 5112 
Starcross S50 536 
lork I S50 536 
lork /I S50 536 
Jumpman Junior 540 530 
Microsoft C Compiler S500 5375 
MS Pascal Compi~r 5350 5265 

Ask about orders 

UIlIVERSIIY lIallllSIIIRE 
COMPUTER CENTER 

452-4291 

For the 80 or 90 fans who decided to 
forego their studies 'and make the trek 
to the Pavilion. they saw their team 
demonstrate that it clearly has the 
capabilities to advance far in this year's 
playoffs. For the second time in as 
many outings, UCSD shot over 50% and 
committed twice as few turnovers as its 
opponent. In fact. in their last two 
contests. UCSD is shOoting 54% while 
commlUing a combined 20 turnovers. the 
same per game figure that the club has 
averaged all year long. 

Tonight, the Tritons face LA Baptist 
in what looks like a mismatch. UCSD is 
playing at its peak. while LA Baptist has 
one win to show for their efforts in 
District play. A victolY tonight would set 

up a showdown with Southern Cal 
College Tuesday night for the rights to 
the home court advantage in the 
playoffs. "The way we're playing. 1 don't 
see how we can lose to LA Baptist or 
sec," said UCSD's skipper. "All we have 
to do is play like we are capable of and 
everything will be fine." 

TRITON HOOP-lAH: Freshman Greg 
Kamansky, UCSD's leadingJicld goals shooter 
at 54.3% had another fine outing. threading 
the ntts for 16 points. 11 in the first half when 
the Tritons netded a lift . Kamanslly was 
recent!y named "District Player of the Wet . .... 
becoming the first freshman this year and the 
first eycr in the NAJA District III to be given 
such an honor. 

Tritons back in the race 
The Southern Division of the NAJA District \U Conference tightened yesterday 

because of victories Tuesday night by Cal Baptist (over Southern Cal College) 
UCSD (over Azusa Pacific) and Point lorna (over Fresno Pacific). With five 
league contests remaining, here is how the division pans out: Point loma (5-3). 
sec (4-4). Cal Baptist (4-4). UCSD (3-5) and Azusa Pacific (3-5). 

The Tritons' next three opponents, LA Baptist. seC. and Cal Baptist are 
critical since only the top two teams in each division retain the home-court 
advantage. With three consecutive victories. UCSD would leapfrog from the 
seventh pOSition into the fourth, good enough to bring the first round playoff 
game to the Triton Pavilion. 

Other NAlA news - Biola defeated Westmont, the nation's number one 
ranked team 67-65 Tuesday to move into a tie for first place in the Northern 
Division. Both tearns are 7-l and have all but secured the home court advantage 
in this year's post season action .... LA Baptist notched its first victory of the 
season in league play with an impressive 73-61 over Cal Lutheran. LA Baptist 
had four players in double figures and played a very aggressive man to man 
defense that stifled the usuaDy high powered Cal Lutheran offense. LA Baptist's 
next opponent is UCSD, tonight in the Pavilion at 7:30 pm. 

$ 
$ 

$ $ 
$ S $ 

$ 
$ S 

$ 
$ 

$ 
$ $ 

$ 
$ 

$ 
$ 

..... talllla, to UCSD III 1984 85? 
•.. WID you Deed moaey? 

The deadline for filing your 1984-85 
financial aid and scholarship 

applications for priority 
consideration for all three quarters 

of 1984-85 is 
FEBRUARY 9, 1984 

If you need application forms, 
contact your college Student 

financial Services office 
immediately! 

Remember, you are responsible for 
applying on time and submitting 

required documents. 

$ 
$ 

$ $ 
$ 

$ $ $ 
$ $ 

$ 
$ 

$ 
$ 

$ $ 
$ 

$ 
$ 

Running Thoughts 
By JEFF SAVAGE 
WHAT'S GOING ON HERE DEPT. Greg Kamansky is like a kid in a candy store 
these days. The freshman from Arcadia is having the time of his life playing guard for 
the Triton basketball team."1 look forward to practice every day. Sometimes I just can 't 
wail for practice. I guess its just being with the team." To run and sweat through two 
hours of drills and actually look forward to doing it is some kind of enthusiasm. E4ther 
the kid is overly enthusiastic or he has 
a problem. Greg Kamansky does not 
have a problem. At least. he has not had 
one for a while anyway. After spending 
much of [he season in a reserve role, 
Kamansky was Insened mto the startIng 
lineup by head coach Tom Marshall 
three games ago. "I've put him m the 
toughest sltuallons and he's come 
through evel)' time ." explains Marshall. 
"Greg has proven all year that he 
deserves this SpOl Istarting guard I." 
Okay, so the kid cracks the starting 
lineup as a freshman . Big deal . Now it is 

tim~ to produce. Kamansky's first start is 
on the road against Cal Lutheran. The 
Tritons lose 84-80. but Kamansky scores 
a career high 21 points. Maybe he 
didn't feel much pressure after aU. But 
he certainly will when the Tritons host 
Point Lorna Nazarene. UCSD, with a 1-5 
record, faces a must-win situation. Point 
Loma is the division leader, and it's 
Spirit Night in the Pavilion with 700 
screaming fans. That's l.400 eyes 
watching Greg Kamansky every time he 
touches the ball. When he walks OntO 
the court for the opening tip-off. his 
knees should be shaking like the fault 
line through San Andreas. Not so. 
Kamansky lights up the scoreboard with 
17 points along with five assists as the 
Tritons pull off an 80-74 upset win . Ip 
his two games as a starter. the kid 
scores 34 points, dishes out eight assists Greg KCIIllansky - a natural for installt success. 
and earns the NAlA District 1\1 Play'er-of-

BUD ATHLETE Of THE MONTH 
Bill KAZMIEROWICZ Men's Swtmming 

He came to to _ a IIOOd educatton. a Itde -.polo br Coach Denny 
Harper. and aeneraDvtahe In all althe QOOd thIn8I that San DIIQo'" to aIu. That was a 
couple alyean aaJO. And after conc:IudInQ a sold polo season last Novanber (he was 
named co-mOll valuable pailrmerwlth teammate Dena Gdaen), BII ((azmicrowlc:z 
entam the new year with a tah outlook on a sport that he once excded In, but had 
abandoned IInce attc:dnQ colIeQc. 

It was 1984 (an OIympicyurln caseyou'w been on Mars brthe pal fEwyars). and 
the motivation to return to the swtrnmlng pool to sec where he stood In US swimming 
drdes was IntrIQuIn8 In Itsd So he IIOt tOllCther with UCSD swimming coach am 
MorQan and decided to ~ the sport another QO-round And If the month oCJanuary Is 
air{ Indlcallon of how much tllent and dedication "Kazzy" ~, then the NCAA-DMsion 
ID SwImming structure had but duck br caver. 

In the short span al four weeks. ((azmierow!cz has established himself lIS a real and 
dellnlte threat to the NCAA record book. HIs incredible early season s~art earned him 
unanimous support br January's UCSDIBucb.I •• AIbIeeI oI'the Month A..-d. 

AI the conclusion allast week. lfazmlerowk:z had the wry mtcst times In the nation 
In NCAA-DMsIon ID In three separate evenls (200 FlU. 500 Free. and the 200 individual 
Medley) with his recent 1:55:66 performance aQalnst San DIcQo State setting a new 
UCSO school mark In the 200 1M by almost 2 scconds, 

Add1tlonally. BID has the nalion's second fastest time In the 50 fIft (46.84) and has 
been a solid anchor and lead-of swimmer In UCSO's nationally ranked freestyle and 
medley relay teams. 

"Billy's early-season contribution to our team has been just tremendous." says 
Morgan. "He has assimllated swtmminil trainlnil so easily and quickly coming of the 
polo season .. .if 5 just amazing. And as far lIS being areal contributor to the team concept 
that we are trvtniI to build here".weD. you just couldn't ask for anything more." 

Morgan goes on. "The funny thlnills. BW still isn't even close to what he reaDy can 
accomplish this season. Hey. it's really early in the season. and he's swlrnmini some 
incredible stuff. Check back with us in mid-March around nationals time. and these 
marks may be an dent history." 

Kamansky. finds center stage an easy act 
the-Week honors. Unbelievable. But wait. The freshman is really in for a fall 
now. Opposing teams are going to start paying more attention to him. and on top of 
that . he's probably getting cocky. Not a chance. In his third game as a starter, 
Kamansky pumps in 16 points and UCSD routs Azusa Pacific 85-59 to get back into 
the District 1\1 Southern division race. You would think that by this time Kamansky 
would begm to feel confident in keeping his new role as a Triton starter. Not Greg. "I 
can't think that I'm in the starting lineup for good . I've JUSt got to take it one game at a 
time and see what happens." Greg Kamansky will see what happens tonight. when 
UCSD hosts LA Baptist College in Triton Pavilion at 7:30 pm. And you can be sure that 
when the kid goes through that candy store tOnight. he will not just be browsing 
around . 

WAIT A MINlJfE DEPT. The US Football League is certainly going all out with big 
com to lure NFL'ers away and add credibility to their league. Even though they have 
reeled in quite a few stars from their rival league. it looks as though they have let the 
biggest prize get away. Last month . when the Chicago Blitz offered Walter Payton a $2 
million-a-year contract. the)' figured it was enough bait to land him. But according 10 
his agent. Bud Holmes. Payton isn't biting. He is going to stay with his current team. 
the Chicago Bears. for three more years. When I first heard this. I found it rather odd. 
Obviously the NFL is more prestigious than the USFL and most players would prefer to 
remain in the established league. But hey, twO million dollars is two million dollars. I'd 
play football surrounded by gunfire in El Salvador for two million dollars a year. The 
Bears would not offer him a contract like that. And they didn't It turns out they 
offered him more. The Bears offer reportedly is structured to pay Payton nearly a 
quarter of a million dollars a year for the rest of his life. Just think, ten years or so from 
now, when Walter Payton is out of football and all he will be doing is touring the 
world or lounging in front of the television set on Sundays, watching Eric Dickerson 
close in on his all-time rushing records. he'U still be drawing nice weekly paychecks to 
the tune of five grand. Not too much to worry about. eh Walt? Or is there? I do not 
want to scare you fella , but I wonder about thIS lifetime comract bUSIness. That means 
when you are no longer around . there IS no more comract. The commitment ends wl!h 
your life . I wonder how hard up for cash the Chicago Bears will be ten or fifteen years 
from now. Isn't [he Mafia based In Chicago? Sure, you've taken a lot of licks throughout 
your years in football , but you'd beller not leave yourself vulnerable to getting hit by 
one man tOo many. 

NEXT QUESTION PLEASE DEPT, Last Thursday'S question: What sport was originated by 
the Eastern Amencan Indians who played on a field five miles long? Answer. Lacrosse. 
T oday's question: What BA star b'oke the record last night, for most games played In a 
career? He also holds the all-time record for most minutes played , shots taken and personal 
fouls Answer in Monday's Issue . 

BUD ATHIEIE Of THE MONTH 
JULIE DtAUSE Women's BasketbaJI 

AlthouQh ~'re already a QOOd ways Into the new yur.1ts still not too late to honor 
our last 1983 rcdpknt of the UCSDIBudw .... AIbIeIe altbe IIoaIh Aw.d. And the 
month oCDcccmbcr produced a real excellent one In the person ofjullc 1Wuse, the 5-9 
sharpshooting brward iom Rancho Palos Verde. 

Krause IIOt her women's basketball team 01 to a aood early season start IoIIIth bill 
scoring ntQhts In early December wins aver Southem Cal CoDe. and Cal Lutheran. 
hitting lOr 26 points aQaInst the Vanguards and a personal hWt 29 aQaInst Cal Lu. She 
closed out the month with another 25 point beauty In the Tritons 71-59 win awr 
Redlands on the 29th. For the month In dQht Qama, Julie IM:r.d 20.4 points per 
game. had 58 rebounds (7.25 eva> and chlpped In 23 assists. 

In perhaps her best all-around Ioor performance of the season (albeit In a \osInQ 
cause at Southem Utah SO.]uIIc hit br 14 points. grabbed 12 rebounds, and dished out 
a whopping 9 assists. 

For that perl'ormance, she was named to the AD-Tournament at the So. Utah State 
Invitational Tournament. ilYlni her two such honors durinil the month. In a post-
Christmas event, Julie was also named to the all-tournament team at the Redlands 
tournament after popping In 45 points In two outlngs against No. Arizona and Redlands. 



14 February 9, 1984 

According to one, 
hockey is clean after all 
To jeff Savage, Spons Editor: 

In response to your anicle in the 
Guardian on January 30, I would lake to 
express an alternative opinion. Just 
because the Montreal Canadiens have 
hired a boxing coach does not mean 
that he will teach boxing to the players. 
Everybody knows that boxers are in 
better shape than most other athletes. 
This fact is evident to anybody who saw 
Roclly. Why then does it seem so 
strange that the Canadiens hired a 
boxing coach? You seem to 
automatically reject the possibility that 
Mr. Drouin was hired merely tQ improve 
the shape of the players. JUst because 
Mr. Drouin evaluates the players in 
boxing terms does nO! mean that he will 
be teaching them boxing. Mike Milbury 
of the Boston Brui ns IS a black belt in 
karate , so why did nO! the Canadiens 
hire a mania I ans instructor? 

The National Hocke), League does nOt 
necessarily advocate fighting as you 
suggest. The five-minute penalties to 
which you refer are the mmimum of the 
fighting penalties. You have forgonen to 
mennon the fines and/or game-
misconduct penalties. At any rate , 
should Mr. Drouin decide to teach the 
proper fighting techniques to the 
Canad ie ns, he Will follow the path of 
one of the coaches of the Rochester 
Americans (a NHL farm learn). The 
coach was fi ned and severely 
reprimanded for lecturing his players on 
the an of fighting. 

The teams In the NHL have already 

learned an imponant lesson about 
righting: talent always overccmes 
brutality. For example, how many times 
have you seen Wayne Gretzky in a 
fight? Mr. Gretzky, the most talented 
player in the NHL today, has won the 
Lady Byng trophy for being the best 
sportsman in the league . Teams have 
had their enforcers, such as Nick Fotiu 
of the New York Rangers (a golden 
gloves boxer), but they are seeing 
decreasing amounts of ice lime. 

In nine years of playing hockey, and 
only having seen one right in that lime, 
I was shown something about the 
frequency of fighting in hockey. Now, as 
we speak, hockey great Bobby Orr is on 
a campaign to eliminate fighting in 
youth hockey. In most minor leagues 
and youth programs, automatic 
suspensions are in order for any playe rs 
who right . If such actions are being 
taken to elIminate fighting in mmor 
league hockey, I tend to believe that the 
NHL is not condoning fighting. These 
lighting countermeasures appear to 
contradict your view of hockey's future. 
The players in the minor leagues are the 
future of the NHL. Preventing these 
players from fighting will mean that 
future HL teams will consist of the 
players you say will be serving penalty 
minutes for losing fights. In my opimon, 
Mr. Savage. you have let your 
Imaginallon run wild instead of looking 
at hockey realistically. 

Gordon T aggan 

CALCULATORS ' 
...... - MODEL EL-S12 

"THIN MAH-·· WAllET-S.ZE WITH 
121 PROGRAM STEPS 

$3795 
(~ j8S16C"1 .. .:'] Improved oc .. ntHlc colculotor with Multi Formulo AHern ond ..,1"",l/he._lmol oyotem 
sl(!j[:JdJ"'s 
13SI:3I3S!: 

DJIiH~G1D -
t:3 D c:: [:JOD] 
.II •• ~· 
.... -. 

-. •... ~. 
•••• 

• In addition 10 performing the SClentlftc function., the 
EL·512 ptfmllS the user to slore up to 128 program 
steps DUltl -up trom any of liS preprogrammed 
'unctions 

• Hyperbolic (Sinh. cosh lanhl and thelf Inverses 
• Rectangular polar COOrdinate COfwerSlons 
• Mean, sum and standard deVIAtion 
• 4~MullI Formula Reserve lor slOring formulas aM 9 

Data Mernofles tor storing numbers 
• Direci tOrmula entry enlers formulas the way tney are 

written 
• Computer·age hf'Aadeclmal conversions 
• Easy~lo--read 10·dlgll liqUid crystal plsptay With 

$Clenllflc nOlltlon expreSSion 
• Independently acce5sl~e J·key memory 
• 15 levels of parentheses With up to 7 pending 

operations 

~~, ~~-o::~ .• ""~_ $2375 
doelmol/hea_cimll system conversion key. 
• 48 pre·programmed SClent"IC tunctlons lurn 

complicated prOblems Into easy operations 
• Dueci fOrmula entry leiS you enter prOblems lust as .. 

yOu Wille them 
• Three parentheses le\lels and tour levels 01 pendmg 

openllions 
• o-.clmal he}(a~eclmaJ system conlo'e'510n key 
• Slallsilcal calculations Wit h slahshcal mode (STATI 

number of samples !.\ In ~ I mean !,,' (i !.\' I 
Sl8ndar(J devlaltOll 15"1 enler dam correei (Jeta IDAT A 
COl keys 

• Illdependenlly acceSSible memory 
• DEC, RAO GRAD selectOr key 
• Degree minute se~ond con\l('rSlon key 
• AulO Power 011 conse. ves po .. er 
• POwfOr-sa\/lng FEM I'quld Cryl tal dlsplav has B-dIQI! 

mdntlSsa and 2·d10II cJtpon£'nl 

UlllVEIiSllY BaaliSTURE 
COMPUTER CENTER 

452-4291 

Harper , inteIView 
,,"11111111'.11""11 lJ"~l' II 
am quite pleased to be here and dealing 
with 25-30 student athletes that have 
chosen UCSD because they want to be 
here . I dora't have to deal with students 
who are just here for the scholarship . 

Some Itams have complained Ihal UCSD 
is always an underdog. Does being an 
underdog ever become 100 much Jor you? 

We aren't an underdog all of the time. 
Our schedule is set up so that eve!)' 
year we are going to get a decent 
amount of wins. Yet we still have an 
opponunity to play tOP level teams. 
Should we be able to defeat some of 
them, then that's our ticket to gening 
into the NCAA (Division I 
championships). Our schedule is son of 
a blend of top level teams and other 
teams that should be close to a par with 
us. It is fun though to be on the other 
side of the fence as we were at Western 
Regionals (UCSD was the tOP seed). The 
players have to learn how to win games 
that they should . They have to know 
what it's like to win. But we are just a 
few players away from beating those top 
teams . We already dominate some 
Division 1 teams like Fullenon. We 
know that we can wm. This last season 
we learned what our mistakes were and 
how to correct them so now we come 
back in the spring and summer to 
hopefully put it aU together for 84. 

Does coaching ever become too stressful 
or emotional for you? 

When I !irst staned coaching, I had a 
lot of trouble detaching what was 
happening in the water and what was 
happening in my storrtach. I was a very 
emotional person and I still am. But I 
am now able to cut down on the stress 
factor. I don't know how I did it. I think 

I just realized that it is JUSt a game and 
that wins and losses don 't have that 
much of a ramirication on the world. I 
realized that I am really here to just 
make sure mat the students that come 
through here have a positive experience 
and have something to look back on 
aside from the wins and losses. 

What .do you see as your job in ils 
aspects towards your studtnt arhe/elts and 
the sport? 

I've always said it's not so much the 
wins and the losses, but Ihe friends that 
you acquire . To me that really is an 
important issue . I can already see with 
this last year's group that in a very shon 
time they have already established close 
relationships with each other. If mey 
stick together they are going to become 
such tremendous friends that they will 
create a bond that will carry i 010 me 
water. That's what happend with the '81 
team. It JUSt makes for successful water 
polo. But to get back to the question, 
the rrtain thing is for me to provide as 
high a level of water polo that I can 
give. Right now I think that we 're tops. I 
am working my tail off just as hatd as 
those Division I clowns Icoachesl. If 
anything, I think we're doing a bener 
Job. I Ii ke to think c,f us as one of the 
more progreSSive programs in the 
country. Number one is to provide the 
opponunity for the players. Number two 
is to make sure that I can pass the 
philosophies about friendship, loyahy, 
camaraderie and things like that. 
Because it isn't JUSt water polo, it's your 
whole university experience. At many 
other schools it's just your spon and you 
don't have time for a social life or even 
in some cases, academics. To me water 
polo is only pan of an overall 
experience. 

TEAM OF THE WEEK 
Essence 

BMketball 

"Dynasty" may not be the most accurate word to describe this team, 
but, judging from Essence's dismantling of Legal but Not Lethal Monday 
night, it may be the closest. Sure, they're newcomers to the league, and it 
was only their second game, and 1M Women's Basketball only has eight 
teams altogether - but to win 47-16 against a decent opponent? Come 
on. Okay, so "dynasty" still may not be appropriate; maybe Miller Tearn-
of-the-Week will put things in better perspective. Despite being in foul 
trouble, Rene Davis led all scorers with 17 points, one more than Legan 
but Not Lethal's entire point total. Jan Martin was next with 11 points. If 
Essence continues to dominate in this fashion, they may want to consider 
challenging the Men's Basketball Champion after they take the Women's 
Championship. 

TEAM OF THE WEEK 
SPONSORED BY THE MILLER BREWING COMPANY 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Prayer and plOt .. - -vtxldV ~mel 
Friday at 7 pm In Muir ~. Lounge for linglng 
8t fellowship sponsored bV Intervarslty 
Ctviltlan Fellawlhlp. (2/9) 
Audltionl tor "Once Upon A MattIau" 
REMllIe'. SprIng MuIk:aI will be held on Sat. 
Feb. 11 at 10:00 am in 'Nrf.t Not Here? (Neld to 
the ReYetle Cafeterto). (2/9) 
SKI ClU5 OffICE HOURS 11-3 In the Pub, Come 
bV Mon.-FrI. ald lind out more about SUn 
Volley, Mammoth and this ....-tcends paty at 
the Meso ~t. (2/9) 
int9l8Sted In the stage? We need a stage 
CffNI for the proc1Jctlon of "Once Upon A 
Mattress" Revelle's SprIng MusIcoI. Stop by 
lMly Not Here? (Next to R8Y9ile Cat) on Sat. 
Feb. 11th at 10:00 am (2/9) 
SingEllS. dancers. octcn and actresses; 
Auditions fer -Once,Upon A Mattress" will be 
held Sal. Feb 11th at 10:00 om In ~ Not 
Here? (NaKt to Revelle Cat) Be there at 9:30 
an to sign In (2/9) 
Attention sports fans: If you waren't there last 
Sal. night lhenyou missed III Thealnual push-
up contest an the N-lewel of Muir opts. 'MJS the 
ultimate In spectator sportsll (2/9) 
M "tformoI dilculllon w/ KIIIttn Lulc8r a the 
Soc. Dept. an Man. Feb. 131h at 7:30 pm -
Warren DQ. HaIL (2/9) 

PERSONALS 
start living. really living. TODAY. Learn to fly 
with the OCSD Soalng Club (free lnatructor's 
limel) Call Alan, 566-7405. Don't 
PI OCIastlnate err; longer. (2/9) 
PrInC9$ and PrIncesses; We need you fer 
R8Y9iIe's proc1Jctlon d "Once Upon A 
Mottr ..... AudItions will be hetd In IMlV Not 
Hefe? Feb 11th at 10:00 om (Next to the 
ReYefle Cafeteria) (2/9) 
Party at the Pub fri. Feb. 10 live band. (2/9) 
party wtth the Phi 0&Itas: lklaIJicial fIotemity 
of the Olyrrpics. friday at the Chateau. (2/9) 
To the boys an N Level: I really enjoyed your 
push-up contest lost Salllctt'n~ hCNen't 
hod that much fun In weeks. 1onateIv, 
The Playboy Centerfold. p.s. By the way, who 
won? (2/9) 
Duke - NeICt time you oome to my club - EI 
Gordo. (2/9) 
party party party. Friday feb, 109:00 pm. Beer 
& INIne (special prices) live ~ food, 
flowers. (279) 
MusIcians & stage technick:ns: 'We need you 
tor the prcx1Jct1on a "Once Upon A Mattress". 
Come bV Revelle South DIning Hall (nact to 
the Cat) Sat, Feb. 11th at 1000 am, (2/9) 
Phi Delta Theta preeenta. Red lMVtealdBlO8 
Support the Otyrrplcs Party. friday night at 
the ChateaJ. (2/9) 
Congradulatlons. Gordial Knots! Best d luck 
In San Fra1c:i1c:o (Don't forget your sword). Be-
1.42. (2/9) 

SENIOR NURSE 
STUDENTS 

Adventure, .. Challenge, .. 
Professionalism! 

An excit~g job with 
opportunities for world-wide 
travel, career development, 
professional growth, excellent 
benefits. BSN graduates or 
senior students are eligible, If 
you're going to be someone, 
special...Be a Navy Nurse! For 
more information call 293-
6746, 8 am - 4 pm, Monday -
Wednesday. 

SKI 0J..6 OfACE HOURS 11-3 ~ In the 
Pub. Come lind out about Sun Valiev (S215 
~ you ewrythlng but food). Mammoth 
~~=~~~~~1~9fc.). 
TI9at that special IIOlentlne to a Rose 01 
Carnation. AlIOiI. at MOM. (2/13) 
Valentines party beer aid wine - special 
prices d<7IcIn~ live band a wild nlte for all Fri. 
Feb. 10. (2/9) 
Come Party with the Phi Deltas: Unafllclal 
fIoternHy a the Otyrrpics is haYing a Red 
IMllte aid Blue party fri. at the Chateau. 
(2/9) 
Party at the Pub - Let the TG continue friday 

nIt~ 9:00. (2/9) 

TRAVEL 
The following trips ore being (Xgor1lzed to 
oolncide wllh UCSO's spring break. Utah ski 
trip March 23-26 S134. San felipe Mexico 
March 24-26 S115. Fa more information 
contact Kay 268-8843 x370. (2/13) 
Council troYel/CtEE prcMdes information on 
student charters. ral~ Inri student Id's, 
hostet cords. to\n fer ages 18-35, wale and 
study programs. aid much more. Stop.by the 
Student Center (X call 452-0630. (6/7) 
On9-'MlY to Phil I. Boston. or NY. S125. Deadline 
Feb. 21. Call BtIarI 454-5868. (2/9) 
Escape first classl Fun In the sun with UCSD's 
2nd anlUll SprIng FUng to Mazot1on Mar 25-
30. Trust the Rec Deprs reputation for 
8lIC9IIent IIOCOtIon fun at a I190t price. 
Details - campus rec x 4037. (2716) 

FOR SALE 
CheIIy. Noo.<a. 1977 BasIc, generic reliable ca. 
Runs fine. True bargain oIfwed bV teacher, 
454-2813. (2/9) 
Ca'dIess Phone with 700 range. 9 number 
memory, redial. S75 (X best. Coil St6Y9 at 453-
5223. (2/13) 
Fad PInto 1980 exoetlent condition. Only 
33.000 miles. New battery and tires. S2650. 
Call Joel, 296-7437. (2/27) 
Nordica sid bootsl Bland new. any model, size 
01 color. One pair only 5260 or best - Sue452-
8537. (2/9) 
koustlc Bass Amplifier, mocte1120 head ond 
404 CObinet. Fine condition, orIg. owner. 5375 
Doug. 453-2464. (2/9) 
1973 Mustang 302 engine. full po..o.oer eqpt. 
Exc condition. (Xlginal 0Nrt8I. S1700 (X best. 
459-9454. (2/9 
Fa sale: '77 blk Mustang II, good cond .. 4spd. . 
new ttres. tog iarrlJs. nfNI starter, en~ overhld, 
seml-new molnt. free batt., starts fast. 53300. 
Call MIce 450-9091 wknts and Sun nlte. 578-
5919 Sat, (2/13) 
Wra Acoustics m 125 watt 3 'NO( studio 
speakers. Best offer. Tim 452-1508. (2/9) 
Fa sale 1982 Centurion CUc 1O-speed. S100 
Coli 481-1386. (2/16) 

MONS ald FRAMES. 1~ cotton VfllY 
comfortable, use tor both bed aid couch. 
GOlDEN MOON RJTON 27~74. (2/16) 
Fa Sate 1963 YOfTlO't'O RIvo 125ca. 40 ~, 
all automatic. SSOO/bO call 481-1386. (2/16) 
HP75C Briefcase Computer-16 to 24K, 
Rom8allc. brand new (prize), S600 (new 
5995), 438-24758\1e1. (2/13) 
Skateboard; nfNI, good shape w/~ deck. 
peralta 2 wII. tracker lites. Gteat Ira'lspartl 
leslie ~. (2/9) 
VW van 72. bed, storage, good condition 
S2600 Lvm, 131-5656 75&-9566. (2/9) 
Canan A-1 (braid new) with 50mm 1.4 lens. 
U-V haze lens, and case. Plus tllm.lens blower, 
cleaner and paper, and photOC1OPhV bOok. 
S360 a? Call Karen at 459-9454. (2/9) 

WANTED 
OVERSEAS JOBS ... Summer, yr. raund. Europe, S. 
/>mer .. Australia. Asia. AlIIteIds. ~2!XXl mo. 
Sight1eelng. Free Info. Write UC, PO SIc 52-
CA19 Corona Del Mar, CA 92625. (3/6) 
Port-time typist 60wpm mornings. Also: 
Interviewer/researcher phone/sales skills 
necessary. 450-9230. (2/9) 
Reword S2Q.OO to first prcMder of a l.h~enIIy of 
Callf./La .Jolla 198(}81 student nome and 
odaess directory. Call Matt Dye at (800)423-
2939, 8:00 am - 5:00 pm. PCT. (2/9) 
ENTREPENEURS/SALESPEOPLE. ACT NOWI 
National Company seeks aggressive 
salespeople to setl sunglOSS8l. Earnings 3CX} 
1000/l9I"neIIer. Write PO BOle 0540 Brown 
l.hlvenlly PrcYtdence RI 02912. (2/ 13) 
COOK -~ at Upstart CrON & Co. Plaza of 
the Four Flags an Lomas St Fe In SoI<7Ia Bch 
Immed open~ (2/14) 

LOST Be FOUND 

Lost - Woman's grev vinyl jacket. 
Sentimental 110108. very upset r:Nef losing It. 
Please call 457-5616 ask tor Koren 01 leave 
message. (2/16) 
Lost - v.tIite sleeveless tennis sweater by Fred 
Perry. Call Ard&N, x2073 between 9-5. (2/13) 
To whoever took my goy bockpock from the 
General St(Xe. please retl6n gIoues. notes. 
book. and coiculat(X 10 EDNA a cali 453-
3256. No questions asked. (2/9) 
Please ptease coil me If you found a silver 
bracelet. Lost It on Thurs. Feb. 2. It ctOlS8l with 
links with a heart an one of them. - MJch 
sentimentalllOluelll- Call Marl at 459-5171 . 
(2/13) 
Lost: Red bockpock containing boOks. Lost on 
Friday 1/20 In Third Callege portdng lot bV 
construction area. Please reh.rn II fO Police 
Dept. or call Kevin 755-6853. (2/10) 
Lost: Hove no Idea what to get your 
Volentine? Ho.v about a rose or canation? 
AlIOllobie at MOM. (2/13) 

SERVICES 
~ts fer QUOIIty word proc:euIng. FaIt 
aatts and l81ter perfect finals. 481-8395. (2/9) 
WORD PROCESSING: ~ I8f\IIce. Pickup 
& delively on campuI. CalI/i.r'IOf at 279-8056. 
(3/15) 
Typing, word processing, cossette 
transctlptlon. Quality wor1c at reasonable 
rat_ La Jolla. Sandy, 459-5818. (2/27) 
UMVANTED HAIR REMCMD PERMANENlLY 
near campus. La Jolla F'roMSIIonoI Center, 
8950 Villa La .Jolla Dr. Sulle 116(}C Coli tor 
oppt 453-7040. (6/7) 
Term papers - theses - dissertations. lO'N 
rates. fast service. Pro-Type. 454-6860. La .Jolla. 
(6/7) 
Typlngl W(Xd Processlngl Rush jobsl Term 
papers, theses, resumes, transcription. 
jennifer 274-!005. (6/7) 
Sta Words typing & word processing. Student 
paper$, thesis. 9580 BIk. Mm. Rd. SUite 6 578-
4041. (2/23) 
T\lPlng - Term papers - dlslertatlons -~ -
r8lUmes. Fast, reasonable. P8 OleO. 483-9109 
ater 4. (2/9) 
Need a typist? Reasonabte, Speedy. 15 YElOl'1 
eKperience, Guarantee WOlle. Coli Kathie 576-
1277 anytime. (2/16) 
TYPING - S1 per page discount Klnko's 
Copies La Jolla Village SQuare. 232-9797. 
(3/15) 
Astrological Compatibility Olarts w/ analysis. 
Invaluable to any serIous romantic 
relationship 298-1123. (2/ 13) 
Fast, accurate, hlgh-quollty, aome day typing 
service near UCSO. 16 YEIOI'1 experience. Call 
Fery 452-1393. (2/9) 
Exceptional typing. all kinds. Super IBMIlI. Fest, 
precise. spelling. 5 min. ~. Marlarm 450-
1138. (3/15) 
TYPING: IBM RUSH JOBS term papers theses 
dissertations editing 453-0656 (_) 452-5188. 
(6/7) 
Free typing OYOII call 232-9797 or stop bV 
Klnlco's Copies In La Jolla VIHoge SQ. (OCIoas 
from campus). (2/9) 

HOUSING 
Roomate wanted to shae ~t with 3 guys 
S167/month plus %utli. 2 bed/3 bath 1 mUe 
from UCSD. Jacuzzi, SCP.Jno etc. Non-$ITlOker 
Call 457-2862. (2/9) 
Roommate wanted to shae apartment In 
Central Mesa. Female gradJate non-smoker 
160 month Call 457-0242. (2/9) 
Female roommate wanted to share room In 
Del Mar house. 200 per me. 755-4291 . (2/9) 
Quiet, serious and conSiderate mole 
roommate wanted to shar8 master bectoom. 
WooctIOl'lds North. across from Ralphs. 
F\mIshed condo with tennis. pool, jocuzzJ, 

~e. 5250 p/us1/3 utU. Cotl Marc 453-3850. 
(2/23) 

"How to ace a test 
-..taa by making a phone calI' 

February 14th is the big test. Show that 
special girl you're a sensitiw, caring guy by 
sending the Heart-to-Heart'· Bouquet 
from your FTD® Florist. Beautiful flowers 

in a decorator tin with a sachet heart. And it's usually 
less than $22.50' 
Call or visit your FTD Florist today. Because 
Valentine's Day is one big Irst you don't want to flunk. 

Send )'OW' love with special 
·Aa ............... ..."...,.~ .. FTOFD" ~ 114" OM'I .... s.rw:.dIIrgtIa ... 
-._ .. -
......... _d_. __ _ 



We used to think most UCSD 
students were bright and highly 
organized individuals. That must 
have been last year ... because if the 
1984 IM Basketball season is any 
indication, UCSD's long·standing 
tradition as a top academic 
institution is in peril. 

Let's face it. .. how difficult is it to 
go to the Intramural team captain's 
meetings early in the quarter and get 
signed up in the appropriate league? 
Easy you say, huh? Yah, right...Mike 
and Scott put the leagues on the 
board ... AAA, AA, A, Coed ... and then 
you all fall neatly into line, sign your 
teams up, and then" we play 
ball... right? 

No, no, no! ... you guys are missing 
the point. When are you really going 
to get smart and demand that the 1M 
Czars start offering appropriate 
levels of competition. Forget this 
Triple, Double A jazz. Give us some 
leagues that we can really relate to. I 
mean silly. Since when does it make 
any sense to put the Butt Uglies in 
the Kyle Macy League. I mean Butt 
Ugly is obnoxious. They should have 
SIgned up for the Obnoxious league. 
And the Hack Bro . What are they 
domd in the Mike Dunleavy League. I 
mean there's a league already formed 
for them ... the Klutz League. And 
then there's the fraternities . When 
are they all going to find their way 
into the same league. Heck, there's 
enough of them, yet they all seem to 
avoid each other like the plague. 

Oh well . fret not, a quick run· 
through of the 90 or so 1M Basketball 
teams this quarter will Quickly tell 
you that almost half of 'em gol SIgned 
up in the wrong leagues. 

And just to prove his point, the 
Budman has graciously volunteered 
to clear up all of the conf~sion. In the 

1M Basketball 

Top·Scoring Teams 
1. Party Animals 
2. Triton Pub 
3. String Musicians 
4. Still Playin' Great 
5. Creative bility 

88.3 
73.3 
71.3 
69.3 
67.5 

lists below, he has resituated all of 
the teams that blew it at the 
captain's meeting into the league 
that they should have been offered 
this winter. He's even updated the 
current league standing for your. 
What a guy. 

Now, next time pay attention you 
guys ... or you'll never graduate from 
this place. 

The Fraternity LelllUe 
Tau Kappa Slamma 2·0 
Phi Dubla Dribla 1-2 
Delta Runna Gunna 1-3 
Zebes 1-3 
Phi Slamma Jamma ()'2 
Runnin'TKEs 0-3 

The Television Leasue 
Swamp! 3-0 
Swamp II 2-1 
Noxema 1·2 
Moe. Larry & the Cheese 1-3 
Eddie Haskel Liberation Army 0-2 

The Obnoxious League 
Nipple Hair 3-0 
Butt Vgly 3-1 
Wet Suck 2-2 
Feces Pieces 1·1 
Hershey Trailblazers 0·3 

The Klutz Leasue 
EECS·Freaks 2·1 
Hack Bros 2·2 
Dorks 1·3 
Last Ones Down the Court 1·3 
Clueless Crew 0-3 
The Really Bad Team 0-3 

The Wrong Sport LelllUe 
Fishermen 2·0 
Hookers 2-0 
La Jolla Waves 1-1 
H20 Polo Team 1-2 
Leo Off Tackle 1-3 
Best Uefensive Teams 
1. Chipmunk Dunk 's Revenge 22.3 
2. Killers For Reagan 24.7 
3. Cocaine 25.0 
4. Swamp 26.3 
5. Jumping Genes 27.0 
Best Victory Margin 
1. Party Animals +42.8 
2. Killers For Reagan +39.3 
3. Just Playin Great +37.8 
4. Smokeless Buds +35.3 
5. High Flyers +28.0 

Come watch and meet the USA Men's Olympic Volleyball 
Team at a special exhibition Sunday, Feb. 19, 1 pm - 4 

pm, Mission Bay Aquatic Center. Admission is free. Also 
windsurfing and waterskiing demonstrations. 

Basketball Rankings 
MenAAA 
1. String Musicians (4-0) 
2. Triton Pub (3-0) 
3. Stream Team (3-1) 
4. Dr. Dunk 'n Stuff (2-2) 
5. All·Stars (2-2) 
MenAA 
1. Srill Play in ' Great (4·0) 
2. Party Animals (4·0) 
3. Rebels (3·0) 
4. Cardiac Kids (4-0) 
5. Get Boards (4-0) 
6. Raoul in the Corner (3·0) 
7. Creative Eligibility (4-0) 
8. Nipple Hair (3-0) 
9. Life After High School (3-0) 
10. MS III (4·0) 

Men A 
I. La Machine (4·0) 
2. Chipmunk Dunk's Revenge (4-0) 
3. ]lsm·Get A Load of Us (4·0, 
4. Brew Bros. (3-0) 
5. Srehsrah (4-0) 
6. Killers For Reagan (4·0) 
7. One·eyed Monks (4·0) 
8. Dreaming of Kimba (3· 1) 
!). Swamp (3·0) 
10. Butt Stale (3·0) 

Men 5·10 
I. Smokeless Buds (3-0) 
2. Still Smokin' (4-0) 
3. Bunta Pishta (4·0) 
4. "I" Irish (3·0) 
5. j.V. (3-1) 
CoedAA 
1. On the Rebound (3-0) 
2. Turgid Protuberance (2·0) 
3. Swamp (2-1) 

Coed A 
1. TBA (3·0) 
2. Cocaine (2-0) 
3. Frank's Fanatics (3·0) 
4. Cataclysmic (2-1) 
5. Just Get In , Anyway (2- 1) 

Women 
1. Hookers (2-0) 
2. Essence (2·0) 
3. Dribblmg Derelict · (2· I) 
4. Mad Bombers (I.l) 
5. Radioactive Waste (1·1) 

0 ... 
s o 

Soc"er Ratings ~ 

CoedAA 
1. 'Merica for 'Mericans 
2. F-69's 
3. The Dudes 
4. Werhurtin 
5. Kosher Salami 

Coed A 
I. You 'in High Men 
2. Gator Raiders 
3. Peach, Love, Understanding 
4. Shroom Patrol 
5. The Apathetics 

J.()'O 
J.()'O 
2·()'0 
2·()'1 
2·()'1 

3-()'O 
J.()'O 
2-()'O 
2-()'O 
2-()'0 

YO 
1. Pars 
2. Scarpias 
3. Octopricky 
4. Supremex 
5. P.A.A.S. 

Men'. AA 
1. Delta 
2. We Mea'en 
3. Scratch & Scrubb 
4. Lin8Us 
5. Ball Busters Bureau 

Men'. A 
1. Friends of Fat Chuck 
2. LKOWT 
3. Da Feet 
4. Wombats in Action 
5. Shell Answer Man 

, 
• 

Reoord 
2-()'O 
1-()'2 
1-()'1 
1·1-1 
1·1·1 

3-()'0 
2-()'0 
2-()'0 
2-1-2 
2-1·0 

3·()'0 
2-(~O 
240 
2·()'1 
2-()'1 

Up-Coming Recreation/Intramural Ev'ents------
Sunday, l'eb. 19 USA Men's Olympic Volleyball Exhibition 

Mission Bay Aquatic Center, 1-4 pm, (488-1036) 
Saturday, Feb. 25 10th Annual UCSD Casino Night 

UCSD Main Gym, 8 pm·12 mid, (452-4037) 
Th·Sun. Mar. 1-4 9th UCSD Superstars All·Sports Competition 

Campus ReclAthletic Facilities (452-4037) 
Friday, Mar. 9 5th UCSD Intramural Golf Tournament 

Torrey Pines Municipal Golf Club (452-4037) 
Recent 1M Special Event Results ... Tennis Doubles--
Men's Tennis Doubles (Open) Pete Wood/Dave Taber def. Andy GraylPierre 

Pham: 6-2, 7·6 
Men's Tennis Doubles (B) Dan Lubeck/Darren Weinberj{ def. Aziz 

AlsagofflMark Locker: 6-3, 6-4 
Women's Tennis Doubles Pat GlebinkiBonnie Horstman def. Kathy 

OdelIlJulie Zianno: 6-1, 6-2 
Mixed Doubles Open Jim Paae/Laurel Dean def. FaylLisa Hock: 6-0,1·6, 

6-2 
Mixed Doubles (8) Ron Ramirez / Nancy Estrada def. Eric 

Olender/Melissa Martin: 6-2, 6-1,6-2 

Men's Open 
Men's B 
Women's Open 

, 

. 
• .c 

Matt Lumsden def. Don Ochoa: 11-1, 11·8 
Dennis Broyles def. Robert Menke: 11-7, 11-4 
usa Hertero def. Diane Martin 

, . , . 

, \, . 
~ : ' . 

t. , TO I 

...."",oI",."'.oI • .a. ~ Theres d trddJtJon dt Anheuser-Busch A trdch/JOn /hd/ SdyS never ~. be Sd/lshed "noJ YOII 've ar-iueved the best N ow; out 0/ tlus trach!JOII, 
conies d uqht beer worthy of the Kmg of Beer" Ona wl/h d eloon. ciJstmc-
tJ ve taste BudWeiser L,qht 

It/oak tIme Pduence And d quest/or qu,w/y th,,/ led 10 th proud us/ 
0/ mgred,ents iIIId the &'fK'hwood Aqmq process mil de famous by the 
Kmg 0/ Be.>rs 

w.. know rh" he>t m vN comes &lSY Th" t s why therp' nothmg else 
I.!ke It 



The Magaz;ne 
of the '80s 

UitlDr 
Al'tDRDW !(lEUR 

......... AI1I Editor 
JOltl'll'ltE 

Irrteen 
MIKE AIt" . JA" BRtS · 
IAlltR, CH RlSTOI'lttR CAI'IOLf. 
JOAI'II'ORSRR<i. ROM ltv. MS. 
Itvm (GinSallng). I'AUL M. 
JOI'lr5. CLYDmE "U 

"'.tu~ I) published every 
Thur!ldlY of the JChool yur lI5 II 
supplemen t to the UCSD 
GUA"*'" lIcproductlon or_ 
without written pcrmls5ion oIlny 
port ion of th i5 nuguhlt i5 I 110-
no. We w(lcarne unsolicited 
letten. nunuKripU Ind Iftwork. 
but ~ no ~5Iblllty for 
the rttu,n of 5uch. Send 
infornullon to : 

HIATUS 
&0 I 6. LlI JoIII 

ell .. 92093 

Contents 
Cover: The Shakespeare 
classic Love's Labour Lost 
opens Thursday at the Mandell 
Weiss Center for The 
Perfonning Arts under the 
direction of Eric Christmas . 
See story on page 3. 

Tbe Three 0' Clock , . , , ,page 4 
The Three 0 ' Clock brings their 

own breed of the neo-psychedelic 
movement that is currently thriving 
in the lA music scene 

Reckless . , . , . . . . . . . . , . page 5 
f.xploitation films rise to a new 

level of art with the recent release of 
Reckless, Starring Daryl Hannon of 
8Jaderunner this Him promises to 
be a strong contender at the box 
office, 

All that jazz ........... .,.. 6 
The Preservation Jazz Band is one 

of the great remaining traditional 
jazz bands around and they're 
coming to campus. 

Art fAsay page 1 
GoIDgJ 011 page 6 

Assorted Vinyl Report .,.. 7 

Cover photo: Richard Pec;j;lk 

Southland ~ ~ 
Concerts 0 ~ 

u.c . ..... _ 

with 

with Paul Carrack 
plus special guest 

Mr. Mr. 

Friday, March 2, 8:00 pm 
UCSD GYM 

Tix on sale now at Sears and all Ticketron outlets. 
Also at the UCSD Box Office, 

Ca ll 452-4559 for more infor.~ •.• ~ ••. :.i~ ... ~.~ ............... ! 
,...",..YrI'rIYrI'rIO" •• IY .. • .......... 'YI.·.N ... South 10 nd Concerts .AIY't.,."..............wyyy'rl'rN'l...,~ 
2 nialus february 9, J 984 

Art as enlightenment 
By JA. IllAnoSOl'l 

rtom the beginning of time. man has recorded and expresaed 
hlmsdf In relation to his environment. The ablllty to Illustrate 
through pictorial mans preaged the spoken word, This self-
awareness made It possible for man to visually portray what he felt 
by depicting what he saw, 

f.arly man created visiOM and object.. whkh were expressions of 
his essential nature, Paleolithic cave paintings and rock reliefs 
show primitive man to be so attuned to himself In nature that he 
could render. wtth sophistication and Intelligence. volume. mass. 
proportion. perspective and linear design, this abUlty to 
communicate man's Innate awareness of ulstence naturally and 
without effort Is the state of consciousness a small number of 
artists are trying to regain, 

Throughout the ages, "art" has been created to explain. enhance 
and be an Integral part of Ufe through ritual and decoration, In 
modem society. what Is called art Is kept In Institutions In hushed 
reverena apart tom man's ewryclay Ufe. this Is art for art's sake 
and functions outside of society u an added bonus for thOle who 
have the means and Idsure to pursue vlsual grati8catfon for profit 
or cultural status. The function of this art Is one of escape. not of 
Integration, , 

Starting wtth Duchamp and his ready-mades. attempts to bring 
art back Into Ufe through the media of earth art. conceptual art and 
performance art installations, environmental art and the living of 
Ufe u the work of art Is the beginning of the reintegration of art 
Into Ufe. 'I1Ieae methods are steps in the development of a new 
consciousness In the way man views art. this Is the ~ of an 
article written by Alan Kaprow (a UCSD profeator). published In the 
December Issue 01 An 'orum. 1be role of the Ilfdlke art u 
exprested by Kaprow Is one of cUred: Involvement with the 
awareness of Ufe to bring about self-knowledge through pmonal 
growth. 

With this new awaaalt:SS. the meaning of the word art wtll change 
from bdng an end to being I means. from holding out I promise of 
perfection In some other reabn to deII10Mtrating a Wly of living 
meaningfully In thlsone.1bere Is proofthatmanmayregaJn his art 
essence and be a positive force for the attainment of collective 
enlightenment. 

University [Yents Office presents 
A Sneak Preview of 

. Paramounrs 
New film 

IN '" st/l~·.l 1~~Po 10 C\~ 'c(\0 N \-\£ 'c(NeJ'l 
\-,\£'S '" S\G: NeJ£R \l'J\ ' 

,\-\£'{ s",'O \-\£0 

starring 
John Uthgow 

& 
Lori Singer 

february II, Sat., 8:00 p.m. 
l'Iandeville Auditorium 

free Passes at UCSD Box Office 

,. 

Around the world 
with Eric Cbristmas 
UCSD professor/actor/director is 
sharing his love for the classics 

By JOM rORSBfKG 
~Ic Christmas has come a Christmas traveled throughout 

long way from the nlne-year-old fngland, appearing In repertory 
boy who paraded through the theater productions of classical 
streets of London as an dramas and musical revues. His 
"uneducated serf' In the Lord early career was highlighted by 
Mayor's annual pageant. His 50- his royal command perfor-
year theatrical career Includes mance at the London Palladium 
Involvement as an actor. In 1937, 
director. scrlptwrlter and acting following duty with the 
coach for live theater. radio. Royal Air force during World 
television and 81m, Geographk- War II. he worked with the 
ally. his career spans three 6rltlsh 8roadca.stlng Corpora-
countries: rngJand. Canada and tlon before moving to Mo~real. 
the United States. ror 20 years. he wrote and 

Since 1967. the professional performed In live radio 
performer has juggled his work programs of serious drama. 
on stage and screen with his role comedy. soap opera and 
as drama professor and founder children's theater for the 
ofUCSD's Department of Drama, Canadian Broadcast I ng 
Having recently completed a Corporation. 
part In the new Steve His work with the Stratford 
Martln/Uly Tomlin film All 0/ festival Company In Ontario led 
Me. Christmas Is currently to performances on and off 
dkectlng .the l!CSD production Broadway. and at numerous 
of Shakespeare's Loue 's leading theaters In Canada and 
LaboIAr's Lost. the United States. Christmas 

As a master of minute received the Clarence Derwent 
physk:al gestures. Christmas' Award for best supporting actor 
ability to steal a scene wtth a 11ft oItbe 1960 8roacIwayseason for 
of hb e,ebrow or an Inflection his performance In UtUe Moon 
of his voice has come from years of AllMn. Since arriving In 
of tIafn.lng and hard work, california. he has been active In 

The native Londoner was Hollywood, appearing In such 
Initially attracted to the theater television series as Bouma. 
as a young' boy In school plays McCloud, l1any 0 and l1allmatt 
and debating societies. "When I 11111 0{ '.".e. His Him work 
was In school In the late 19205- Includes roles In ' l1aro1d and 
early lOs, there was a great deal Maude, The ~nemy of the 
of tbeaw iD London:' says People. The IMt Tycoon aDd 
ChrIstmas with his crisp British 1'orIqJ's, 
accent, ''Theater was a part of Although he continues to 
one:.t everyday life then. just as work In professional theater. 
televfslon Is now," Christmas today the 67-year-old Christmas 
was awarded a scholarship In Is devoted to training and 
1936 to study at the Royal guiding young. aspklng actors 
Academy of Dramatic Art In In UCSO's theater program. He 
London, believes his years of 

Afte r his 9 r ad u a tI 0 n . professional experience are a 

valuable resource tor his 
students. 

"Working In both the 
academic and professional 
worlds Is a wonderful 
opportunity because one feeds 
on the other, I've found. to my 
surprise. that I am a pretty good 
teacher because I am passing on 
my own experiences:' says 
Christmas. "In many ways. there 

are great advantages In working 
with 5ttIdent actors. They are 
uncluttered with thek own 
patterns. habits and attitudes. I 
find them very open and 
Intelligent That Is something to 
work wtth," 

Throughout his career. 
Christmas has developed an 
affection for directing and 
performing In the classics of 

Shakespeare, 
"Shakespeare was a man of 

the theater and he wrote damn 
good plays. His plays have 
survived because he talks about 
us, He understood people and 
brought them to life, A 
marvelous aspect of Shake-
speare's plays is that they can be 
erUoyed on many levels, for 

please tum to page , 

Your Cough is Worth $ MCAT This MCAT preview is NOT intended to lake the place oj using the Kaplan Center. but is meant /0 help stude nt prepare Jar how they plan to study. 
A major drug company is testing a new cough medic1ne, U you have 

a cough due to a cold or acute bronchitis. come to 9834 Genessee 
Ave. (next to Scrtpps Memorial Hospital) on SUnday. Februcuy 12 at 
700 am. Subjects must be at leas118 years of age and in otherwise 
perfect health. No medlcations may be taken 24 hoUB prior to the 
testing day. $71.00 wtIl_ pcdd If rca qacdItf, The study will take 
approximately 13 hours. so bring reading, study or other materials. A 
TV video and meals will be provided. The enUre procedure will be 
supervised by a physician. can 1-436-3988. ask tor the cough study. 

---u" ." - (, . . . ~ , . 
"1'·'" ~ - ~ , too. ....,.. \ t '~ L"'»): - -, . --

• ..' J • , ' r 
l'- _ ••.• ). '. 

- .... ' J I ! \ 

I ' 

P~eVl· ew OASIS tutors & stall present a preview or 
.. ' the MCAT exam ror aU pre-med srudents! 

Monday. Febnaary 13, 7:00-8:30 pm-, HL Auditorium 
I. M(lnd~y. Feb 13 - 7:00 pnIOvervlew of MCAT E.~m. DISCUSSIon of 

study st r~teglcs AdmISSIons In fo rmJIIOn PrepJ rallon for future sfssions . 
2 ·Tuo:><Iuy. F,·~. 21 - 7:00 pm/ ChemIStry (;c 81OIogy 
J M,,"duy. Fr~. 27 - 7:00 pm/PhYSK'S (;c QU~nt llJt l ve 
.,. Monday, March 5 . ·6:00 pllli'Reltding in USB ]()6(). 
• .\,If • • \OIr'klfl \ h~I'J "hr.", 

198 3 8 4 SEA SON 
Manden Weiss Center and UCSD Theatre 

• • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • 
The Tooth OJ Crime by Sam Shepard 

- a roclt 'n' roll drama - $3.00 at the door 
February 8, 9, 10, 11 cSt 12 

• • • • • • • • • • • • • • • 

Ho.pscotch by lsmtl Hor0vit4 
- Sl .00 al the door -

Febnaary 15, 16, 17 cSt 18 
• • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • 

Love's Labour's Lost by Shakespeare 
- $4.00· SS.OO-

February 16-19, 23·26, 29·Mareh 3 
• • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • 

WEISS CENTER TICKET OFFICE - 452-4574 
Tickets also available at Ticketron Oudets and UCSD Student Center Box Office 

february 9. 1984 n..", 3 



Tbree O'clock and all's well for LA. quartet 
8y RODDY 80GAWA 

These days, the label of "pop" 
music brings to mind a certain 
distaste to the average record 
buyer. Many think of pop music 
as the bands they "used to like 
before they sold out." and the 
unhlp gold and platinum 
albums of American bands such 
as RtO Speedwagon and 
Journey. There Is, however, a 
new, growing trend among local 
bands, with the freedom 
provided by Independent record 
companies. Local bands are 
moving towards the ideals of 
pop music of the sixties, and are 
on the verge of landslide 
success that bands such as the 
Monkees enjoyed. 

experimenting with hOl115 and 
synthesizers, a choice which has 
led to mixed reactions. 

While much of the band's 
hardcore following has 
crIticized the use of 
synthesizers as "seiling out." on 
the other extreme, critics and 
reviewers have pigeonholed the 
band as sounding too much like 
a cross of The Lemon Pipers and 
The Strawberry Alarm Clock. 
Because of this dlffmnce of 
opinion and the ftckJe nature of 
listeners, Querelo feels that. 
"fveryone has their own 
opinion, so you can only trust 
yourself." and that the band 
would much rather play to kids 
and people who are more Into 
the music rather than simply 
getting dressed up. 

One such band which has 
been on the spearhead of LA's 
music scene is The 11'Iree 
O·Clock. Undeniably drawing 
from numerous bands of the 
sixties, The Three O'Clock has 
surpas<>ed the inHuences of this 
pop era, and has become a major 
influence upon the local music 
scene. The group has also stirred 
up interest In other bands from 
what reviewers have described 
as a "nro-psychedelic revival " 
in Los Angeles. 

&'lng stars tile 11Iree O'doc:k wUl pIIIy with tbe Odds .ad n~ ]9] Saturday .... t la tile Rec. Gym. 

While It Is true that pop 
music In the sixties went hand 
In hand with fashion of the 
times. The Three O'Clock has 
proven that its music Is Its 
strength. Tracks such as 
'Tomorrow," "Jet fighter," and 
"A Day In f,rotlca" demonstrate 
just how slgnlftcant the band 
has become. In keeping sixties-
pop touches without oblivious 
acid-rock Indulgences, The 
Three O'Clock has put an 
Irresistible batch of songs 
together which transcends any 
constrictive label of Its music. 
An amazing cover of "In My Own 
Time," originally from the Bee 
Gees, shows the band stili 
revelling In the pop of an era 
gone by, while also adding Its 
own style and sound. Uve shows 
often Include covers such as The 
Who's "Out In the streets," The 
Monkees' "for Pete's Sake." and 
various Beatles numbers such as 
"J'm Down" and "Savoy Truftle" 

In agreement with band 
members from the Dream 
Syndicate, Green on Red and 
The Bangles, who deny there is 
any such revival going on, 
Michael Querelo, bass player 
and singer of The Three O'Clock, 
feels that. "No one is reviving 
anything. What we are doing has 
never died:' 

Indeed this distinction ofThe 
Three O'Clock in accepting the 
"pop" label has caused much 
confusion to many listeners of 
the band. When Quercio formed 
the band The Salvation Army in 

1980, local Interest brought 
about the release of the debut 
single ("Mind Gardens" b/w 
" Happened Happened") 
followed by an IP titled simply, 
The Salvation Anny. This debut 
IP was given a lot of radio play 
by the then-underground 
Rodney Bingenheimer of KROQ. 
The band then gained a strong 
following by playing around Los 
Angeles with friends and peers 
such as the Bang{le)s and the 
Dream Syndicate. 

After adding a new drummer, 
Danny Benalr, and keyboardlst 
Mickey Mariano, the song-
writing team of Querelo and 
guitarist Gregg Gutierrez 
revamped the garage psyche-
delia onhe Salvation Army and 

produced the ep Baroque 
lloedown, nlled with sixties-
inspired pop as well as modem 
Insight. under the new name, 
The Three O·Clock. 

Released on local frontIer 
Records, the [P did exception-
ally well, and proved the band 
was ready to develop Its own 
sound and Identity. 1"Iot 
forgetting Its roots, however, 
the group featured on Baroque 
lloedown a blazing cover ofThe 
Easybeat's "Sorry." (/"low also 
on Import, the french version 
includes three additional tracks 
- Pink floyd 's "Lucifer Sam," 
the Byrds' "feel a Whole Lot 
Better" and another original 
titled "In !.Dve In Too.") While 
this fP was much slicker In 

The Professional School 
jc1t HUHldllhll( S,ud,('\ 

A Graduate School of 
Professional Psychology 

Harold Gree/l wald, Ph .D., Pn'sldfnl 

Tht Profmional School is offering partial scholarships for both the M.A. and Ph .D. 
COUNSEUNG PSYCHOLOGY programs for Willter Quarter. Our graellwccs qualif>'for 
licenSing In the State of CalifOrnia, both as PSYCHOLOGISTS alld or as Marriage, Family 
allel Chllel TheraplSCs. 

production thanks to Earle 
Mankey (who once produced 
The Beach Boys). the band still 
remained at a cult level. with a 
mainly "mod" and "psychede-
lic" following. Potential was 
certainly there, but radio 
station bigwigs and major 
record companies kept at a sa~ 
distance, watching and waiting 
for more. 

The November release of 
Sixteen Tambourines. a fulllP, 
again shows the band further 
deHning Its own identity and 
style. The album reaches Into a 
more commercial area while 
keeping what Querclo calls a 
"mixture of modern touches 
with sixties-pop." Sixteen 
Tambourines "nels the band please tum to pIIge 5 

Pizzeria II Forno 
Pizzas 
Deli Sandwiches 
Salads 

.------------------------, 
: $2.00 off $1.00 off I 
I . any large any medi urn : 
: pizza pizza: 
L __ ~ ___ Offer expires 3-19·84.------..1 

A dlsCingUlshcel fawlcy (~ c).l1cnCIl(cd psyc holo!i'~c; oJfer dasses ;PC( ~Icully dcslgncel jor 
workll1g plOjessl(lIlab Classes al'c held III ch(' evcnlllgs and on wcekcnds cil roughoul 
CalifonllG and "proal format; hal'<' bcell ;('1 up co (laOimlloda(c out-oj-SCat.: slUdcn cs. 
R,'ccnc faculty hcul'cs havr IIldtldcd such I'ccog lll::'.:d awllOnlin a.' GCOI)(C Bach, Alhert 
Elll>. NarhwlId Brandoll . En' alld MmClI1l Polsla amI Z,.,-//(/ MmrnCl. 937 Prospect St. open 
Fm jW1hl'l'IIyomwllon ((Ill OI'Wl1tt' 10: The Professional School , 2425 StI" Dil'gO Ave , Sail 
Diego, Cel. 921/0, (619) 2<)6·+172. (Leanllllg ,,' IICC" lowcct! r/II'OllghollC CalifOn/ILl). 

.ID~~!s ~a~~! 
THE BEST SHOWS IN TOWN 
ARE AT VIDEO GALLERYI 

Toot'le 100's of titles to choose from t:)Y:{. \\ 
Brainstorm Rent a Video Recorder Sta' 

{'II" $9 90 . ytng Alive ~~ for • per night ,~ 
9,\tlI!'f $3.00 per movie with recorder renta l 'tIl,., 

' Three free movie rentals g iven to new club members 
• Man-Wed Club Members receive two for the price of one 

' Full Una of Video Recorders. Cameros & AccaSSOfI6S 
'Video Gomes for Sole Of Renl 

N43 VIlla La Jolla Dr •• La Jolla VIllage Sq. 
ConvenIene» Ctr .• Near Ralph',. Sav-on 
M.f Noon-Ipm; Sat 1~. 410-1114 

4 niatus february 9, 1984 

1310 Camino Del Mar 
Del Mar. CA. 92014 

4114204 

La Jolla 
459·5010 

Mon-Fri, 11 am-lO pm 
Sat & Sun, 5 pm . 10 pm 

1· Hour Contacts & Glasses· 
Extended Wear Lenses $149 with this ad Hydrocurve II lenses. Profeulonol services extra. 

You can wear Extended Wear Contact Lenses conHnuoully for twc>weeks. 
Work. ploy ond sleep In these ultro-thln. comfortable lenses and IIIIOk&-up 

seeing clearly WIth no daily cleaning hassles! 
1.000·s In stock. No appointment neceuary 

. Most coses One hour glasses at Sports Areno. single VIsion only. 

Call Dr. Leventhal Mission Valley 692·EYES Dr .. Suder Pacific Beach 273-EYES 

Another pair of ki~s 
getting 'Reckless' 

8y wtCr: KMAIlO 
In the shadow of Risky jealous boyfriend (Adam 

Bus/ne"" comes Reckle.s.s, a Baldwin, of My lJodyguam). 
glitzy, cliche-ridden yarn Reckless alms a poignant 
concerning teenage desperation punch ~t the emotions. readily 
and coming-of-age In a small, stirring up memories for the 
stagnant steel town. viewer. and. though the script Is 

The story centers around scarred by cliches and locker-
Johnny Roarke (Aldan Quinn). a room charactertzatlons, some 
leather-clad rebel alienated blows do land on target. Quinn 
from the pretentious high and HannaI! play the unlikely 
school soctal strata, his couple with an unpolished 
alcoholic father and his dour animal abandon. and the 
hometown. Through unlikely !earing sC)lDldtrack - featuring 
circumstances. he meets (and tracks by IrtXS, Romeo Void and 
falls In love with) Tracy Bob Seger, among others -
Prescott. the classic "good uplifts the otherwise ambling 
girt" portrayed by Daryl pace. 
Hannah. Much of the "1m Like many teen flicks, 
focuses on their moods: he is Reckless could use much 
confused, restless and Improvement. Though flawed 
disenchanted: she, on the other and often predictable, there lies 
hand, eqjoys an active social .some Interest beneath the mire 
life, a wealthy background and a of screen-teen Idealism. 

Cbrisbnas 
c:ontlaued fro .. [M9C J 
over 400 years people have been 
able to buy tIckets and spend an 
eiUoyable couple of hours 
listening to Shakespeare In the 
theater. At the same time, there 
are messages In his plays to 
explore." 

~en with the expansion of 
the television and movie 
Industries, Christmas Is not 
worried that live theater Is 
declining In public Interest and 
support. "Live theater for 
centuries has been called the 
'fabulous Invalid, ". Christmas 
laughs. However, the special 
magic that live theater uudes Is 
not present in the other media, 

The time seems right for the Three O'clock 

"The experience that you get 
in a live theater is unique, 
because It exists only for the 
moment... he says. "With 
television and movies, you have 
something that is prepared, 
shot in a studio or on location, 
edited and that Is It. Whereas In 
live theater, the play Is reborn 
every night. and the actors and 
the audience will never have 
exactly the same experience." 

In his 17 years at UCSD, 
Christmas has seen the 
deparment he originally 
established In 1967 grow Into a 
nationally-recognized profes-
sional training program. "In the 
future, I hope we ! UCSD Drama 
Department J go on presenting 
good quality theater that is 
worth doing and Is done welJ." 
he exclaims, With eric 
Christmas at work on the UCSD 
faculty, this Is a sure bet. 

c:oaUnued from page 4 
embedded within their sets. 

Cuts from Sixteen Tambou-
rine.s have been well received. 
getting radio play from KmQ In 
Los Angeles and active rotation 
on the playllsts of college 
statIons. The Three O'Clock aha 
recently sold out the Palace In 
IA and conducted a successful 
tour of the fast Coast. 

Rumor has It that Sixteen 

Tlmbourine.s will soon be signing with a '"*" label. but 
picked up by a m¥w label and as band member Michael 
remixed for J't-release. However, Querelo put It, "If I had a dime 
the freedom provided by the for every time a m;Vor record 
frontier label has allowed The company has said they are 
Three O'Clock to experiment going to do something. I'd have 
and define Itself rather than my own major record 
immediately becoming a company." 
marketing machine. With Its The opportunity to see The 
Increasing popularity, the band . Three O'Clock this Saturday In 
has forged a foothold of Its own the Rec Gym may be one of the 
and Is looking forward to last chances to see the group 

before It gets signed to a",*" 
label and "sells out." 

The show will be opened by 
1"Iolse 292 and The Odds. 

Tickets are $5 and can be 
purchased In advanceatthe80x 
Office, Assorted Vinyl and all 
Tlcketron outlets. If you would 
like to meet the band members. 
they will be at Lou's Records In 
encinitas on Saturday at 4 pm 
for a record signing party . . 

How 19 make peace with lOlstoy. 
'. 

;ii JAYZZ. ~. 
n. L'· 

ND 

., 

NEW ORLEANS jazz is music from the souls of men who 
have created a musical tradition in their own lifetimes' , 

If the academic wars are getting you down, dl.'Clall:' a rease-fire. Take a break 
with a rich and chocolatey cup of SuisS(' Mocha. II'~ ju!>t one of six deliciously 
different Ravor.; from -.- Ir'~;-:-d ----~ ~~~~::i~~~~)ffees . !.~-- ~ , .. ~.... ::~ ~,= " .• ~ 

.ENrRAI. FtX)DS " IN I ERNMIONAL COI·rEES. ( ... 
A MUCH A FrFI INC AS A H AVOR IF 

Available at: University Bookstore 

it's sweet, sad, gentle , exuberant and unfc,>rgenable. 

February 15, Wednesday, 8:00 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 

UCSD St. $6.00, G.A. $10.00 
UCSD Fac/ Staff, St. &: Sr. $8.00 

UCSD Box Office &: Ticketron: 452-4559 

Presented by UCSD University Events Office 
february 9, 1984 nlallU 5 



Atomlcafe presents another 
evening of provocative music 
on friday. february 10. at 8 pm 
in Room B-210 of the 
Mandeville Center. 

Three pieces feature solo 
performers. "Saraph for Three 
Bassoons". an Interesting 
combination of live performer 
and two prerecorded bassoon 
tracks. features renowned 
bassoonist Robert Olson. Olson. 
who has performed worldwide. 
Is currently professor of music 
at the University of Colorado. 
8oulder. 

alto tlute. alto clarinet. viola. 
cello and bass. explores the 
tlmbral possibilities of the 
ensemble in the context of 
shifting dynamic and static 
time. 

for information cal 452-
3229. The concert Is free to the 
public. 

••• 

X gained prominence a few 
years back In Los Angeles as a 
very hip underground band. 

The art of self Preservation 

Pianist Henry Curtis will play 
his own composition. "Palm". 
Constructed on vertical 
sonorities from successive 
layers of sound. "Palm" 
produces a variety of demltles 
and textures Imbedded in an 
intricate rhythmic framework. 

Now. with heavy airplay on the 
"Rock of the Eighties" stations 
across the country. X has 
emerged as a driving force in 
the new music rebellion that Is 
taking the US by storm. X will 
perform at Montezuma Hall on 
SUnday. for more information 
call 265-6562. 

Preservation Hall Jan Band-
ne troupe of musicians who are 

living tribute to the music they 
( reated over two genertlons ago 

ill perform on Wednesday at 8 
,n in UCSO's Mandeville 

,Iuditorlum. 
Since most of the 

:feservation Hall members are 
'tuite elderly. the band Itself Is a 
pool of three separate touring 
~roups. This time around. the 

and features Worthia G. 

Thomas. trombone: Thomas 
"Kid Thomas" Valentine. 
trumpet: Alonzo Stewart. drums 
aqd vocals: frank fields. bass: 
Manny Sales. banjo and guitar: 
Emanuel Paul. saxophone. banjo 
and violin: Manuel Crusto. 
clarinet: and John 8oyen. plano. 

Preservation Hall's "Jass" (as 
It was originally called) Is a 
blend of marches. quadrilles. 
blues. spirituals and ragtime. It 
is not written music. so while It 

has an unmistakable form and 
beat it allows the players a 
freedom of phrasing that keeps 
each piece fresh and Immediate. 

Tickets for Preservation Hall 
Jau Band are $10 general 
admission and $8 for students 
and senior citizens. Tickets are 
available at the UCSD 80x Office 
and all Ticketron outlets. The 
concert is presented by UCSO's 
University [vents Oftice. for 
more Info call 452- 4559. 

"!'fIght Chant Ceremony" by 
John Stevens. also for solo 
plano. will be performed by 
Wayne Peel. a jan recording 
artist from Los Angeles. The 
piece. dedicated to Peel. 
employs graphic notation which 
determines the performer's 
movements about the plano and 
playing of the piano. 

"for Jock" by Margo 
Simmons. an ensemble piece for 

••• 

The UCSD Musicians Club 
brings Noise 292 and the 
Wallflowers to the Che Cafe 
tonight Thursday at 8 pm. 
Admission is only one dollar. 
for further information call 
452-2311. 

Color B11nd? 

f!J1!!>' .~ '<!t ~ 
It you are color blind we 

will pay you SS,OO per hour 
to partiCipate in perception 
experiments on the nature 
of color blindness, For more 
in1ormation contact: Kathy 
Purl or Al Nagy at 452-4762 

between 9:00 and noon 

If)!ou're 
conJused about 

starting your career, 
heres some help. 

the perfect first step 
I-kard of PFS' It'~ our friendly family of powl:rful. strJightforward software 
alrl"ady dl!~d as Ihl: leading ~oftwarl" for ~rsonal computl:rs - likl: Apple. 
IBM , Compaq , TI and othl"rs, 

Business and 
Technical Majors 
Highly responsible positions -
for college seniors and 
graduates (through age 34) in 
financial and logistic support. 
The Navy Supply Corps needs 
highly qualified, dynamic 
individuals to lead and 
manage large inventory and 
financial networks. Salary 
$18,500 to sta~, $34.000 aft<!r 
4 years, Excellent benefits 
package. Need BAIBS, U.S, 
citizenship. Call Naval 
Management Programs. 293-
6746,8 am . 4 pm, Monday 
through Wednesday. 

",ur in\'oln:II,.:nt with Softwarl" Puhlishing CorporJtion - as a ~rfl"ct fir~t 
~tl'P - (all kad to (halknj.:in~ Ill"W ~tl:p~ , a~ you hdp us aggrl:ssi\'dy 
rcinfon:l" and l"nhann~ our alrl"ady MronJ.( po~itioll in thl: markl:tplacL 

A~ a wcll -known and I'astl), ('rcatil 'c company, \\'c 'rl" mo\'in~ faM , so tlll·ft' 
ha~ nCI'(:r hl'l"n a hCllcr I iml" to join u~! 
Opportunities are available ;11 Software Developmellt, 
Product Marketing, Tech"ical Support and other 
related (I reas. 
' <HI 'II Ill' kl'~ (I) our continul'd ~IK(C~~ , ~() wc 'rc pn:parl'd to olIn you all 
Ihl' challcn).(l' and opportunity you ca n 'IKl'l"~full)' handk, Slartin~ ~alar)' 
and hl'l1cfit~ arc c:\(dlcnt 
Interested indi"iduals are /n"iled to jO/II us for an 
Information Meeting, MOllday, February 13 in Revelle 
Lounge from 5:0010 7:00 p.m. 

On-campus interviews -
Monday, March 5 

Uke the next step by signing up at your placement center 

Or for\\'ard your rl'Mlllll' (if on ·call1pu~ iIllCf\'i\:\\' b illl'Onn:nil"IlI) to .Junc 
Ahl1l;ldjian , Soft\\'are Puhlishill!! Corpor.lIion , 1901 I.andin).(~ DriH' . 
,\It \,ic\\,. CA 9 10 d An l"(jual ()pportunit~ cll1plo~cr, 

Software Publishing Corporation 
6 matus February 9. 1984 

PRO-TYPE 
454-6860 

Word Processing, Typ1ng; 
Ed.1t1na. transcribing 

Fast. Irtendlv, professional selVice, 
Using the IBM Selectric III and 

Toshiba Word Processor 
LOW STUDENT RATES 
• Term Papen • Tabular ProJect. 
• Malar Papen • MS Draft •• FInaII 

.~ .1Iesum. 
• DllHr1at1ona • Camera 1leac1y 

ONE DAY SERVICE (With advance reservations) 
ON PROJECTS OF 10 PAGES OR LESS 

Close to Cmnpusll 
737 PEARL ST_, STE 201 

--LA JOILA. 92037 

There will be a noon concert 
Monday on Revelle plaza with 
Out of 8ounds. 

••• 

The 1.1 Jolla Civic/University 
Symphony will hold auditions 
for young artists at the 
Mandeville Center Recital Hall. 
Audition times are Saturday at 
10 am and Sunday at 10 am. for 
further information call 452-
3229. 

Sunday in Room 8-210 In 
Mandeville Center. The 
workshop will be held at 9 am. 
for further Information call 
452-3229. 

••• 

There will be a slide show on 
"Appropriate Technology" at 
the Che cafe friday at 7 pm. for 
more Information call the Che at 
452-2311. 

••• 

The Tooth of erlme by Sam 
Shepard wtll continue nightly 
through SUnday. Admission is 
only $3 .. Tickets are available at 
all Tfcketron outlets. the uro 
Box Olftce and at the door. for 
further Information call 452-
3793. 

••• 

been moved from its usual 
spring time period. will take 
place this year from July 5 
through 20 as an integral part of 
the 1984 Los Angeles Olympic 
Arts festival. 

filmex 84 will Include 
features. documentaries. short 

subjects. animation. student 
and experimental Hims. rto 
entry fee is required. ~ntry 
forms and regulations may be 
obtained by writing: rtlmex. 
Post Office Box 1739. 
Hollywood. CA 90028. USA or by 
calli~ (213) 46~9400. 

••• The Undergraduate Arts 

Sonor will present three 
works for chamber orchestra on 
Wednesday. february 22. The 
pieces to be performed are: 

Viollnist Janos Negyesy will festival Pre-show will continue 
conduct a string workshop through tomorrow. 

Archlpelgo. composed by Roger 
Reynolds for tape and 32 
musicians. to be conducted by 
Jean-Charles francols: 

Assorted Vinyl Report Taffytime by Robert Erikson. piece for " composed 
orchestra:· with John Silber 
conducting: Canti Del Sole. 
composed and conducted by 
8ernard Rands. featuring tenor 
Paul Sperry. 

Top rive Sales 
1. Sparlc/e In the Rain Simple Pllnds MtM 
2. Learning to Crawl Tbe rntenden Sire 
3. Touch furytlllDks RCA 

••• 4. Japanese Whispers TIle CUft Sire The Warren College 
Programming Board will 
sponsor a Valentines Day Dance 
friday in the Pub. 

5. ...In a Train WIre TrainColumbia 
Top Imports 
1. WondWnd Big Country Polygram WrIte for Hlabas and Roone get5 hurtl 

Come join our happy family. If you are Interested In 
writing about arts and entertainment, please come by 
our oftlces or call 452-3466. It's the offer of a lifetime. 

2. Killing Hoon fdlo It tile BUDnymen Corona ••• 
3. Colour I'feld TIle Colour f'teId Chrysalis fiI ms are now bei ngs 

accepted for the Olympics 
edition of the 1984 Los Angeles 
International film Exposition 
(fllmex.) filmex 84. which has 

4. /ley Lugosi ~ Dud au..... YAD 
5. V~tamlx BID nelson Portrait 

4{j7-~~~~ 
Introductory Special 

, 111;'" III;' IIIl 0,.1y 

12 Haircuts 
.... "'" for students 

with selectNlluJirstylists 
regularly Sl;! (women). $19 (men) 

Nails 
'('ulplured Nuils, rl'g, $40, liON' $25 

Fills, H'J!, $20, 1/0/1' $15 
,\III 1/ il'll res. reg, $ 7, 'IU'" $5 
Ihli,w'",<, reI(, $/6, //011' $12 , 
jl/lidl!' Wrap. reg, $/4, //011' $12 

H950 Villa Lajo/lalJr, 
S,,;/~ 1122 

La jnlla. CII. 920:J7 
Uff~r u/J;ra 21 15/ 84 

In.tead 0/ flower. 
or ",.IIoon .... 

.. ,send a BEAR·GRAM! 
Your personal message ~M 
deliuerecl with a 
louable huggable 13-
Teddy , A delightful 
Ideo for all ages, 
$24,95 det.uery 
included In the 
continental U.S,A. 

Coli 24 hr. , 7 doy 
(619) 276 1iEJU1 
Maslercord/ V,w 

1IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIilllllllrlllllillillllllili Iii 

••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• ~ 
• • • • • 
• • • • 
• ~~S • 
• • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • , C~, 
· ~, , , 
· ~~ , , , 
· , 
· , 
• • 
, ' ; RefJ1ettlber VQ'ift;'le~ ; 
, Your t Pelb-u, ay ; 
; sweethear ary 14th ; 
, . ; . , . 
• • , . 
• • , . 
, Headquarters for Valentine's Day Gifts ; 
; UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE ' 
• Monday - Friday, 8:00 am-4:45 pm; Saturday 10:00 am·4:00 pm :' 
, •••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

february 9. 1984 nlMu 7 


