
TheDa 

__ I 

---
-

After 

• • 
• • • , 

" 

---- -

/' 
... 

r 

J 



According to the Daily Cal, the UC 
Student Lobby will propose legislation to 
the State Assembly to sever University of 
California ties with the Lawrence 
Uvermore and Los Alamos National 
laboratOries, which design all U.S, 
nuclear weapons . 

However, representatives from the UC 
Student Lobby said the bill may be only 
a token effort since the Legislature will 
probably not approve the measure. 

The Student Body Presidents' Council 
last weekend directed the lobby to begin 
drafting legislation that would require 
the university to sever its ties with 
lawrence Livermore and Los Alamos 
National Laboratories, which design 
nuclear weapons. 

This is not the first legislation of its 
type the lobby has been active in 
promoti ng. A similar bill. Assembly 
Concurrent Resolution 54, sponsored by 
Berkeley'S Assemblymember Tom Bates. 
was defeated in the Assembly In 1983. 

Like the Bates bill, tudent Lobby 
Director Ron Balestrieri believes that the 
legislation will not be successful. 

UC Berkeley PhYSICS Professor 
Charles Schwartz said he will be glad to 
assist the lobby in their new efforts for 
severance if the UC Board of Regents 
does not address the issue before any 
legislative action takes place. 

"I am in favor of insisting no 
continuation of the Status quo," 
Schwanz said, believing that the 
university must take responsibility for its 
role in the "broad-based human 
concern" of weapons design . 

Schwanz said he is concerned with 
what he sees as the failure of the Board 
of Regents to take an active interest in 
its ties to the weapons labs. 

o 

UCSD will be one of 100 major 
universities nationwide to take pan In 
the National CollegJate Driving 
Championships November 9 and 10. 

Top prize in the competition IS a 
$5,000 scholarship and the use of a 
Dodge Turbo fo r a year. Any UCSD 
student is eligible to participa te . 

The contest will challenge students to 
drive a serpentine rally course marked 
by pylons, They will be scored by 
clocking the time it takes to drive the 
course, with one second added to the 
time for each pylon knocked down. 

Participants will be driving a new 
Dodge car. 

The competition will take place at lot 
#15 on Third College from 11:30 am to 
5:00 pm both days. 

o 

AI) live San Diego Manpower 
Temporaty Services offices are hiring 

college students on semester break to 
help meet the demand for skilled 
temporaries during the holiday season, 
according to Philip Blair, president of 
the San Diego operation. 

"The demand for clerical temporaries 
IS high during the holidays since many 
people take time off work to be with 
their families ," Blair said . "The 
opportunity is excellent for career-
minded students who want to gain 
practi cal experience beyond the 
classroom in a business atmosphere. In 
addition. students can gain valuable 
information on their career choices such 
as required skills, the demand for those 
skills and current trends." 

Blair added that students working as 
temporaries are also able to make 
busmess contacts and earn 
recommendations which can help them 
find a job after gradua tion. 

o 

Berrrarn Turetzky, UCSD professor of 
music, has received a grant to organize 
a series of panel diSCUSSIOns intended 
to help bridge the gap between what 
contemporary composers are writing, 
and the audiences who systematically 
attend performances of traditional 
music , according to Center for Music 
Experiment administrative director John 
Lauer. 

Turetzky, who is also a concert 
bassist, was awarded $10,000 by the 
California Council for the Humanities to 
pursue the organization of six 
coloquium which would gather the 
representatives from the populations of 
composers, patrons and performers to 
discuss participants' positions and goals , 
The dates of the colloquia will be 
January 8, 15 and 22, and February 5, 
19 and 26. 

"There is a tendency among 
musicians to play more traditional 
music, and this problem is compounded 
if there is no forum a t which to discuss 
the aesthetic goals of composers, 
patrons and performers," Lauer said . 
"The colloquia would provide that place 
for participants to discuss ideas and 
plans," Four panel members , 
representing a mix of contempora ry and 
traditional , will presnt short position 
statements on the focal topiC, followed 
by discussion among panel members 
and the audience. Each colloqUium will 
have a differnt panel and moderator, 
Lauer said. 

Colloquia topics wil include: "New 
Music, Criticism, and the Concert 
Audience," "Contemporary American 
Music: an Historical View," "The 
Composer-Performer Interaction ." "New 
Aesthetics and New Instruments," 
"Patron and Producer. The Final Word?" 

~----------~----------~ 
t . 

~~ ~ ,.~ L. ~ I" I'" f- ,. 1£:. ~ ., i., .. ~"'" ~ r .. "" ill • \~" .. I- r-.al ~ I .. rJ r~ , ... , -' ... I , ~I' L.."jll. ..... I· "- [\10 ... .. 1 1 .I , ~ 111[1"" loiii 
~'"' 1,.1 .. IoI~ 

..1L IL. ~ f . ... ' 
.. ~ I " 

, 
i"" ifil" rw-. Il1o .. t Ilr. 

Cover: The Day After showed a Republican sweep in 
San Diego County elections, A look at the results in our 
post-elections cover scory, page 7, plus the Guardian 
gives its perceptions of the election and its significance 
in the editorial, page 4. 

News: Clark Kerr investigates the demise of our educational 
system, and UCSD I')rofessor of medicine John Ross becomes 
chair of cardiovascu;ar research in San Diego. 

Opinions: The Guardian editorial in the aftennath of Tuesday's 
election, a look at Guardian fallacies, letters and Doonesbury. 

Perspecti~s: Hollywood's first world-famous child star, veteran 
of 150 comedies, now appears daily in the General Books section 
of the University Bookstore, See the story of a star among us. 

Sports: Men's soccer hopes the celebration is in the other 
metaphoricil l locker room this time as the team travels to 
Claremont, ltramural football heads towards the great tossed 
salad bowl picture, and the Triton Trio leads the women's 
volleyball team into action at the Lite-Triton Invitational Tourney, 

Hiatus: Nouveau perfonnance anist Tim Miller comes to La Jolla , 
General Public and Pat Metheny coming soon, comic books are 
back in style, lobsters in the Eatbeat, records, movies, oh boy! 

COVER PHOTOS BY RICH PEC)AI< 
COVER GRAPHIC BY JOHN ASHLEE 

~-----~------------------------~ 
and 'The Performer, the Composer, and 
the Audience," and \vill focus on 
composers, performers, audiences, and 
schools in language, ae ;thetics and 
musicology. 

o 

The University of California Irvine has 
been chosen by fede ral health ofTic ials to 
JOin a ourhern Cali fo rn ia consortium of 
institutions in udies of Alzheimer's 
d isease. an in _ Jrablc afni ctio n [hm IS the 
leading cause cf c" mlity among the 
elderly. 

UC Irvine will be part of a group that 
Includes the Beckm:ln Research Insti tu te 
of the City of Hope. CalTech and the 
University of Southern California which 
will coord!n,lle the efforts of the medical 
groups. 

The atio ,1allnstitute on Aging also 
deSignated Harvard University, Mt. Sinai 
Medical Center in New York, Johns 
Hopkins University and UC San Diego 
as Alzheimer's research centers , 

Carl Cotman. profes or of 
psychobiology, will direct UCl's 
component of Ihe research program, 

called the Alzheimer's Disease Research 
Center Consortium of Southern 
Culifornia. 

"The purpose of the Alzheimer's 
centers is to establish u Manhattan 
Project-style approuch to the disease," 
Cotman said . 

" obody knolVs what causes 
Al zheimer's di sease or how to cure it." 

The disease affec ts more than two 
million elderly Americans and costs the 
nation $25 billion annually, Cotman said. 

Congress direc ted the National 
Institute of Health to establish a 
nationwide group of centers to define 
the disease and find methods of 
detection and a cure, though some 
researchers speculate the problem may 
be as complicated as solving the mystery 
of cancer. 

The Southern California consortium 
will receive about $2 .8 million over the 
next five years. 

COlman said each institution in the 
group will contribute to an 
interdIsciplinary approach to Alzheimer's 
disease. 

-SeanW.,.ur 

EDIrOIc PHIl» IAaR 
~tCi IDIICR. .we lWIM",.. 
NEWS IDIIOAa .... WON ADOCIAII 
OPINIONS ~ JOE I8lINO 
SPOA1S ~ .,s.w_ 
MTS~NDLtI'" 
GIW'IIC Ml151Se JCMI ~ JOttt ~ 
PH91OGMPHEM: JOHN A5ft.&. 00CY [}EGIN, EOWMD 

~ f\£IlW)ND, r'K)4 PECIM. • ,~w.,.._ 
S TAF' WRITW: foIo.fNI.Of\ElTENO£f\G. EHWI FEERST, Jo.t.N FORnI"i. f\OIIIAttI, ED'tfAAD 15flA(l, 

KEU.EY NfJIII.. YEN TAYLOI\ 
PASn:·uP·MiiSTSt · JQ;",~.5KIi'~"FML:·~ NGO.:·~\ADi_, ~.~~. 
TVP£SEnW: JOE DDIDENO. MEN R.N. WI .w.. Pt«.P I.Q8, cw-.1MOMW 
BUSINESS MANAGIM: ' 

Thursday, New. 8, 1984 3 

Kerr investigates death of education 
By JAMES RALPH PAPP 

CLARK KERR. the former president of the University of California, knows who killed 
general education in our colleges. last 
Friday evening he told an audience at 
UCSD who it was and, sweeping 
through in a messiah mode, gave advice 
on how to revive general education from 
its recent demise. His advice was 
accepted with enthusiasm by some, but 
others muttered, "Clark Kerr is the most 
dangerous man in California: 

Dr. Kerr's speech was part of the 
Humanities Institute program here for 
high school teachers, but Peterson HaD 
was also crowded with the UCSD old 
guard, led by Roger Revelle, the new 
guard , ied by Chancellor Richard 
Atkinson, and the off-guard, consisting 

Clark Kerr beheves that the knowledge oj 
civilization and how it works is more import-
ant than tmining in sped.fic areas. 

of the srudents. 
The audience was given an historical 

view of general education, from its binh 
in Medieval Oxbridge, its rise in 
America at Harvard in the 17th century, 
and its decline and fan over the last 340 
years. Harvard's curriculum began with 
ten subjects, an taught by its president: 
latin, Greek, Hebrew, Aramaic, Syriac, 
rhetoric, logic , divinity, science (at the 
Aristotelian level, Dr. Kerr sighed 
happily) and social stUdies. Now, to Dr. 
Kerr's regret , Harvard offers 5,000 
courses, of which the president finds 
himself qualified to teach only a very 
few. 

The Civil War freed not only the 
slaves but also education from being 
general; departments began to form and 
loyahies along with them. In the 19605 
student and faculty pressures fi nally 
shattered the vestiges of the collegiate 
general education experience into 
narrow specialties. 

The best faculty lost interest in 
teaching general education classes, and 
the classes themselves became inter-
departmental bargaining chips in the 
development of department faculties 
and programs. 

While others among the faculty and 
students have welcomed as well as 
instigated the move toward.s 
specialization in higher education, Dr. 
Kerr does not. He believes that in the 
real world a knowledge of human 
civilization and how it works is more 
important than training In spedfic areas. 
Most · graduates do not get hired in their 

majors, anyway. 
As well as among students, Kerr 

disapproves of specialization among 
scholars, and paled at a Belgian who 
was the best man for analyzing erasures 
on Original manuscripts. His (Dr. Kerr's, 
not the Belgian's) view of the university 
is as a disseminator of liberal arts 
knowledge , of insight into any of the 
great civilizations of the world. The 
expansion of scientific and other sons 
of knowledge, accompanied by 5,000 

different courses, does not interest Dr. 
Kerr. It can be dealt with after college. 

Dr. Kerr had two decisions on who 
killed general education, for which he 
used two examples. T~e first was Agatha 
Christie's Murcitr on the Orient Express , 
in which everyone was the murderer. 
The second was Christie's The Murder oj 
Roger Ackroyd, in which he said that the 
victim killed himself, But in that he was 
incorrect. The murderer of Roger 
Ackroyd was the narrator, 1m 

Research with heart 
JOHN ROSS JR, MD, Professor of Medicine and head of the Division of Cardiology at the UCSD School of 

Medicine, has been named the first 
recipient of the San Diego County Hean 
AsSOCiating Chair of Cardiovascular 
Research at UCSD, 

"Dr, Ross is a nationally-prominent 
scientist who has played an important 
pan in building one of the strongest 
cardiovascular research programs 'in the 
country here at UCSD," said Robert 
Petersdorf, vice chancellor for the health 
sciences, "This honor recognizes Dr, 
Ross' dedication and professional 
stature , and the great promise of his 
current research." 

Frank Radford, President of the San 
Diego County Chapter of the American 
Heart Association, said "The San Diego 
Chapter is honored to have Dr, John 

Ross named the first recipient of the 
Heart Association Chair in 
Cardiovascular Researh. Dr. Ross' out-
standing work in cardiovascular disease 
will assist the Heart Association in its mis-
sion of reducing premature death and dis-
ability from cardiovascular disease," 

The chair was established in April ot 
this year when the University of 
California Regents accepted an 
endowment of $250,000 from the local 
chapter of the American Heart 
Association . This is the largest sum ever 
endowed by the chapter. 

"I am grate ful to the Heart Association 
for this honor," said Ross. "It is a vety 
significant event in the long association 
between the Heart Association and the 
university, and I believe it will also do a 
great deal to further research interest in 
the community." 

!!li~IIII·!;IIII~!IIIII·I!I!.~ U E F 'E , U 
Literature Department 
Winter 1985 

Courses in Translation 
No knowledge of a foreign 
language is necessary to enroll in 
the follOwing general Literature 
Courses: 
Lit/Gen 140A 
SUM}' of RussUm Utenatun J800-JI6O 
Lee A TTh 10:00-11:20 EXT 1 .. 2 ec6327 
Instructor: Stcwn Caseedy 

This course will cover selected major works by Pushkin, Gogol, 
Lermomov, and the young Dostoevsky, Russian literature is 
analyzed with a particular view to social and political history. 

Lit/Gen 1.., 
FrmdI Lltmlturr In Transladon: 
1M WOWIIUI'S Yoke . 
Lee A MWf 10:00·10:50 TCHB 142 ee831I 
InstruclOr: Cathaine I.OM 

Tradition assigns to the narrative voice a male gender, yet the 
woman speaks. This course wiD focus on the woman's voice in the 
literary text: we will examine the locus of her voice, the IOrm it takes, 
the characteristics that distinguish it from the man's voice, as we 
attempt to identify and to define how the feminine is figured. The 
texts will be read in English translation and wiD be taken from the 
works of George Sand, Simone de Beauvior and Marguerite Duras, 
among others. In addition to active participation in class 
discussions, srJdents will be required to write two short papers and 
to take a final examination. 

Lit/Gal 149 
GmnGn l.itmUun In Tnmslation: 
In-dqdl Study of .Uk·s IdtGs About &os and Man, Woman, God 
and &islma 
Lee A rrh 10:00·11:20 HL 1160 ec7396 
Insb'UClOr. Mudn Wimchin 

Rllke stated, "Life and death: they are one, at core entwined: And 
also, 'For one human being to love another. that is perhaps the most 
difficult of aD our tasks, the uhimate, the last test and proof, the work 
for which an other work is but preparation." 

This course will explore--through in-depth interpret ive analyses-
-the thematic complexities and anistic achievements of Rilke's 
poetry and relate his ideas to our contemporary existential 
experiences. 

Lit/Gen UO 
Chinese Llrmuun 'n TransifIdon: Contemponny Chinese FIcdon 
(Crms-lUted with Ut/Chinac 150) 
Lee A MWf 2:00-2:'0 P6fL 1111 cc6329 
InstruclDr: William Tay 

This course is a survey of the development of fiction in the People's ' 
Republic of China fom 1949-1978. The fictional works will also be 
read as illustrallons of the following issues: the Yenan literary 
policy, the positive hero versus the middle character, Hu Feng and 
the problem of socialist realism, the "Hundred Rowers" movement, 
and the Cultural Revolution. 

Lit/Gen UO 
Chinese LitmUurr 'n TransifIdon: Modmaist Pottry 
(Crou-liItcd with Lit/Chinae 150) 
Lee B MW 9:00·10:20 TCHB 119 ee6330 
losb'1lClDr: Wai·lim Yip 

We will read representative modernist poems from Taiwan 
berween 1949-1970, 

Dii["II.II~IIIIII·I,I~IIII·laD 



You get what you pay for .... 
There's a lot to conclude from last Tuesday's election. 
Not much of it is good. 
The first word we have gr.own to learn and hate in the last two days 

is the word "mandate." Have the voters of this nation indeed given their 
"mandate" to embrace the Republican Party's directives and direction? 

Or is it more a case of the blind leading the blinded? 
For all you feel about Ronald Reagan's questionable/ dangerous 

policies on nuclear arms, on arms build-up in panicular and foreign 
policy in general, on tax cuts that affect only those with incomes above 
$70,000, on social issues, and on trillion-dollar deficit spending, grant 
the man one thing: He knows how to fool most of the people most of 
the time. This election was indeed a case of the blind leading the 
blinded, involving an actor who has read his lines so smoothly that the 
world ignores their content, focusing rather on the style and glamor and 
dyed hair with which they are delivered. 

Two items in panicular are most frightening in the aftermath of 
Tuesday's results. 

One concerns the voters in the infamous 18-24 age group. An exit 
poll by CBS News showed that in the Midwest 77% of the voters in this 
age group supponed Reagan. That's four out of five , and that's 
incredible. Is it a case of these voters, traditionally in suppon of 
Democratic policies, being drawn by the image alone of this 73-year-old 
(great-great-grand) father figure? Perhaps. Perhaps it is also that the 
!!<ltion's young people have decided to completely ignore the future in 
favor of their own personal concerns. In Reagan they have a president 

Viewpoint 

who is more than willing to cast social concerns aside in favor of 
plunging head-first into a space-age arms race, thus providing them the 
defense-related jobs they feel they'll need to grow up and get a house in 
the suburbs. 

The other frightening fact is that they now have a president who 
need no longer answer to voters. The last chief executive to win a 
second term received a similar "vote of confidence" in 1972-a 
landslide victory based on no substance. That election was soon 
followed by the darkest age in American politicS and an economic slide 
(or landslide) into a rut we have yet to climb out of. Considering the 
deficits incurred by the present administration, Tuesday's results will not 
reverse the slide. 

• • • 

The Guardian had a table at Election Central downtown Tuesday 
night Long after the presidential contest had been decided, an elderly 
gentleman with a brash straw hat adorned with a Reagan-Bush sticker 
waltzed over to our table and said with a grin, "We're glad we had your 
help." .. 

He apparently was addressing UCSD, and perhaps he dId mdeed 
have UCSD's help. That's too bad. This is among the most conservative 
campuses around, and this editorial willlik~ly draw the ire. of more than 
a few who view Reagan as the Second Commg of the MeSSiah and who 
turned out Tuesday to suppon their leader. 

They got what they paid for. And now we pay for what they got. 

Commuting is no excuse for disinterest 
By JULIE DUFFIELD 

Have you noticed the growing 
number of cars in the parking lot this 
year? Those cars belong predominantly 
to the commuters at UCSD. Commuters, 
those students who live ofT campus and 
who drive to campus daily, make up 
about [WO thirds of the campus 
population. 

There have been some cries (rom a 
percentage of UCSD commuters that 
there is nothing for them to do on 
campus. This statement is completely 
untrue! There are many things offered 
for student involvement for both 
resident and commuter students. 
Activities are endless at UCSD, and 
there is something for everyone's 
enjoyment. The only limitation to a 
student's involvement is his own 
interest. Involvement is there (or those 
who seek it. 

Commuters have many advantages at 
UCSD ... more than on most campus 
locations. There are commuter lounges 
for relaxing and socializing. They offer 
studying in comfon as an alternative to 
the library. The lounges come equipped 
with many conveniences: jumper cables 

for stalled cars, gas cans, couches for a 
quick nap, tables for studying, a 
microwave oven for heating a lunch or 
dinner and most importantly a coat 
hanger is always available for the poor 
soul who has locked her keys in the car. 

UCSD has a broad variety of clubs 
and organizations which would be 
overjoyed to have commuters as 
members. Fraternity and sorority 
involvemem is not limited to resident 
students. Greek houses welcome 
commuters. The only reason a commutel 
can't be a member is because the 
commuter chooses not to be. 

Campus government is open to all 
students at UCSD. From freshmen to 
seniors, commutes and resident snKIents 
alike are invited to join. Take the time 
to find out about these activities. Call 
the organization you are interested in, 
and ask for information aboUl how to 
get involved. All that's required is taking 
the first step. 

Another great commuter option is an 
organization called Adopt-a-Commuter. 
All that is required is that a commuter 
fill out an application. Program directors 

DISCLAIMER 
All Signed Viewpoints represent the individual 

author's opinion only. These do not reflect the 
opinion of The UCSD Guardian. 

All unsigned editorials represent the majority 
opinion of the Guardian Editorial Board. In the 
event that a non-majority opinion is printed, the 
author's initials will be printed, and space will be 
allotted for the dissenting opinion. 

try to match the commuter to a 
compatible dorm suite by considering 
personality, interests and other areas. It's 
a great program, and the commuter has 
the opponunity to meet new friends 
and become involved in all the dorm 
activities. The whole idea is a great 
chance for involvement, and the 
commuter simply has to flU OUt an 
application. The entire program is 
strictly a volunteer one. 

There is absolutely no reason for 
commuters to complain about being 
unable to get involved on campus. With 
the options open to evetyone at UCSD 
being almost endless, the commuter is 
his own reason for non-involvement. 
There are panies, dances, clubs, 
religious groups, sporting activities, 
special interest groups, study groups, 
fun activities and many other options. 
Listen up, commuters ... no more 
complaining! 

Now I'm going to show you JUSt how 
easy it is to become active on campus. , 

am a commuter. Right now, I'm in the 
Adopt-a-Commuter Program, in 
conjunction with a suite in Blake Hall . 
I've had a great time with the girls in 
the suite, and I hope these fJiendships 
will last a long time. 

Besides the friends I've made at the 
dorm , I've filled out an application for 
the student government at my college, 
Revelle. This should enable me to 
become even more involved in helping 
to direct affairs on my campus. In the 
process, m make many new friends. 

Also, I'm attempting to become a staff 
writer for Tilt Guardian . 8y doing this, 
I'm discovering what issues are of 
student interest. Additionally, I'm 
gaining knowledge of how a newspaper 
operates. 

See how easy it is? All it takes is a 
little action on your pan. Come on, you 
commuters, get involved! StOp hiding 
behind your cars in the parking lot! It's 
all up to YOU! 

Guardian Opinions Editor Quiz # 1 . 
1) The Guardian needs: 
a. a few good men 
b. a few good women 
c. a thorough spanking 
d. an Opinions Editor 

3) The previous Opinions Editor: 
a. was a vampire 
b. had vety weird friends 
c. kept bumping into things 
d. sailed off to Fiji, unannounced 

• • • • • • 
2) To qualify, you should: 
a. know how to read and write 

.. ) Applicadons are beinl taken: 
a. to the cleaners 

b. have newspaper experience 
c. have an opinion or two 

b. with a grain of salt 
c. out of context 

d . all of the above d . RIGHT NOW! 

Call 452-3466 for the correct answers. 

Thursday. Nov. 8. 1984 5 

Viewpoint 

Clarifying some 'Guardian' misconceptions 
By JOE DESIDERIO, Opinions Editor 

On my way to the newsroom the other day, I 
bumped into a former Opinions Editor from the 
Guardian . We talked politely for a few minutes; he tried 
to stay within the limits of "constructive criticism," and 
I avoided comparing my section with his . The 
conversation began to get more and more heated, and 
I found myself forced into a debate on whose section 
was the better one. 

Everything was flne until he hit me with the 
inevitable: "You have it easy. It's an election year. Youll 
get commentaries and letters up to your ears. The 
Guardian will need an extra recepuomst Just to handle 
all the student response. Maybe an Opinions Annex-

Before he got the construction crew set up in the 
parking lot, I had to set the record straight. While I'm 
at it, I thought, I had better clear up a few other 
points, too, in the h~pes of el~minating the dreaded, 
but persistent, Guardtan FallaCIes. The followmg IS 
baSically a transcript· of my explanation: 

Gullrlilcln Fallacy Number One: The Guardian Is CI 
"COIUOVtIdw" ~. 

The fact of the matter is that the Guardian may be 
conservative in some areas, liberal in others and totally 
unaligned in yet others. This complaint wa.s voiced by 
some students in light of the recent Republican 
viewpoints (more under Guardian FaDacy Number Two) 
published before the election. 

The Guardian does not align itself either to the left 
or to the right solely for the sake of political identity. 
One need only take a look at the representative 
publications distribUled on this campus ~or . 
verification. Do we really look or sound hke either of 
the [WO? (If you answered "Yes" to that question, please 
give me a call at the Guardian-I really would like to 
hear the reasoning.) 

Guanllcln Fau.cy Number Two: The Guardian only 
,nnb one side of an Issue. 

In response to this claim, consider the conservative 
reputation the Guardian seems to have acquired, in 
spite of 5upponing Mr. Mondale in a bid for the . 
Presidential office. The stance we take, as a 
publication, is simple: Since the Guardian is a 
publication of and for students, when students have 
something to say, we will provide them with the space 
to do 50 (within certain space and content limitations, 
of course). 

. "But what about that story on the relationship 
between a 'straight' and a 'lesbian'? How can you say 
that it didn't portray 'Meg' in a shallow, stereotypical 
light?" The objections ring out, loud, clear and quite 
promptly, from all across the campus, and we accept 
them, print them and then hear no more from their 
originators. 

This recently published anicle was one student's 
individual perspective of tolerance (and intolerance) and 
understanding (and misunderstanding) of sexual 
preferences and attitudes. Intended, as are all 
Perspectives submissions, to provoke thought and 
reflection on an issue of concern to UCSD students, 
the interpretation caused a negative reaction of 
tremendous proportion. 

Avoiding entirely the point of whose opinion (oops, 
I mean perspective) was presented (see Guardian 
Fallacy Number Four), it seems almost tragic that not 
one student submitted ~ "rebUltal" ~rspective to help 
dissolve the stereotype Instead of SImply attacking the 
stereotype (and the Guardian, in one breath) in 
response. The Guardian would have been more than 

happy to print another perspective of gay life on 
campus had someone taken the time and effon to 
write one instead of simply expressing outrage . 

Guardlcln Fallacy Nu~r Four: Everydtllli III tfte 
paper Is tfte Guardian's oplft~. . 

If this were the case, we would aD be consIderably 
more schizophrenic than we already are (except for 
us-I mean me). This one is simple: Anything with a 
byline represents the opinion of the author only, and 
does not necessarily reflect upon the opinion of any 
one member of the Guardian staff. Only unsigned 
editorials represent "the opinion" of the Guardian . (The 
disclaimer that will appear on page 4 to aVOId 
confusion basicaBy says the same thing, except it is in 
a neat little box.) Enough said. 

Guardlcln FaJJacy Number FM: III an dtcdoll ymr, 

Doonesbury 

student IlIterest Is II" and, dterqore, dte OpInions secCloII 
practlcaly taJrts elm! of Irsdf. .. . . 

While this theory seems plaUSible , m practice It 
simply crumbles under its ~ weight. ~t .is a valid 
assumption that in an election y~ar, opmlon~ are more 
loudly voiced (and opposed). It IS also plaUSible that, 
because of the increasingly vocal expressIOn of student 
opinions direc~ before Ele~tion Tuesday, student 
involvement with the Guardian WIll be up. 

The problem here is one of semantics: "Election 
Year" is a misnomer. The correct term should be 
"Election Month," since student interest snowballs for 
about four weeks up to Election Day, then, like an 
early spring snowman, melts away exp~nentiaDy. This 
is expectable (if not acceptable), espeCIally since It 
doesn't stay in the snowman-temperature range for 
vety long at UCSD. 

BY GARRY TRUDEAU 

C~J.J., 
OIE~ 
ATATTME. 

\ 

PhD Programs in CLINICAL PSYCHOLOGY 
and 

INDUSTRIAL/ORGANIZATIONAL 
PSYCHOLOGY 

London School of Economics 
.nd Polltlc.1 Science 

A chance to study and live In London 
Junior-y.ar progr.ms, Po.tgradu.t. Diploma., 
On.-V •• r M •• t.r'. Degr... and R •••• rch 
Opportuniti •• in the Social Sci.nc ••. 
The Wide range 01 subJecls Inc ludes 
Accounllng and Finance • Acluarlal SCience • 
Anthropology • BUSiness Siudies • EconomiCS • 
Econometrics • EconomiC History • European 
Studies • Geography • Government • Industrial 
Relations • Internat ional History • Internallonal 
Relations • Law • Management SCience • Operational 
Research • Personnel Management • Philosophy • 
Population Studies • Politics • Reg ional and Urban 
Planning Studies • . Sea-Use Pol~cy • SO~lal 
Admlnistrallon • SOCial Planning In Dev.loplng 
Countries • Social Work • SociOlogy • Social 
Psychology • Statistical and Mathematica Sciences • 

The California School of Professional Psychology-San 
Diego will be on campus Wednesday, November 14th 
at 12:00 noon and 1:00 p.m. to present its graduate 
PhD programs in clinical and industrial/organizational 
psychology. Anyone interested is invited to attend, 
North Conference Room of the Student Center, 

CSPP-SD is fully accredited by the Westem Association 
of Schools and Colleges and the American 
Psychological Association, 

Systems AnaylsIs. . ' 
Application lorma from: 
Admllliona Rlgl,lror, l .S.E .• Houghton Slr •• I, 
london WC2A 2AE , Englond. I1ll1ng whllh.r 
und.rgroduol. or pOl1grodull. 
and Quollng Room 10. 

LSE ____ _ 

'" . 



6 Thursday, Nov 8, 1984' 

'. . 

Undesirable review 
Editor. 

The Califomta ReView is back! I read it 
in th e Guardtan . Well , it's about time 
you guys noticed . This Story was in the 
IndlCaror, the Sa n Otego Union. even the 
Reader before you printed a word about 
It. 

ll~frfr~lf~ll~frfr®lf~ll®frfr<elf~ll<efrfr~lf~ll~frtt®lf~ll®~ 
tt®lf~letterSn®fctt<elf~ll<elttt~lf~n~ilit<elf~n®tttt®lf 

or my morals and political beliefs, it was 
insulting my intelligence. 

I don't know what more we students 
can do about this-after all, we voiced 
our ~rdict once and it was ignored . We 
can't be expected to put on an election 
every year to keep this paper from 
taking our money. legal action IS being 
threatened by both sides. Let's JUSt 
remember that our "student government" 
is not as democratic as it may seem. It 
must have been very naive of me to 
think that student-elected student 
representatives would act in th~ manner 
desired by the student body. 

I thought the student body had clearly 
voted laSt year not to fund this right-
wi ng paper because of its conSistently 
abusive tone towa rds homosexuals. 
women , minorit ies and generally anyone 
not a Republican (e.g., "leftist scum"). 
The Review and irs backers, large 

cOn5elVative organizations, ha~ 
nonetheless sneaked in the side door 
obligingly held open by AS President 
Boroditsky. The AS ignored the clear 
vote of the students, who once also 
voted to elect them to AS positions! As a 
result, a bit of our reg fees now supports 
this objectionable piece of propaganda. 

"But the new indicator is funded , and 
it's so liberal! We need a balanced 
voice!" they cry. Well , unlike most 
students, I have braved ridicule and 

EATING ~ , , DISORDERS 
CAN BE FA TAL 
CAN BE TREATED 

r ~ 
'. ,t-/ 

~ The Eating Disorders Program at \ 
Alvarado Parkway Institute is the 
oldest and most experienced 
prograrn for the treatment of /' 
Anorexia Nervosa and Bulimia ( 
in San Diego County. ~ I 
e Specialized In - ~ l~ ..... 

Hospital Unit .., ~~ ~ 
e Evening Treatment Program -
elndividual Nutritional 

Counsel ing 
e Family Intervention Assistance 

~ALVARADO PARKWAY INSTITUTE (619) 4&5-4411 
7050 Parkway Drive, La Mesa, Calif. 92041 

UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE 
WELCOMES 

our two distinguished faculty authors 

DR. HERBERT 
SCHILLER 

& DR. MICHAEL 
SCHUDSON 

who will be autographing their respective books 

INFORMA TION & ~ ~ THE CRISIS ECONOMY 
ADVERTISING. 

The Uneasy Persuasion 

MONDAY NOVEMBER 12.1984 
11 :30 A.M. to 2:00 P.M. 

in the UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE 
U.C.S.D. 

452-3844 

read both the n.i. and Review. and there 
is no question that they both have some 
informative and entertaining stuff to 
offer. Both also have obvious political 
biases, which are thus easy enough for 
the reader to guard against. The 
difference is that thc Review conSistently 
contains racial slurs, sexist insults and 
petty name-caDing that ill fits its self-
professed image as a "highbrow" paper. 
I finally gave up on this publication 
because when it wasn't msultlng my sex Jessica Chappel 

u-

• 

Attention: 
LITERATURE MAJORS 

You may participate in the Uterature Honon 
Propam if you have an overall GPA of 3.5 and 
3.7 in your major. If you with to participate in 
the Pqram. but have a IUlhdy lower GPA. you 
may lubmit three letten of recommendation 
from fKulty for conlideration by the Honon 
Committee. 

Further information on the Proaram ilavailable 
in the Literature Underp-aduate Office at 
TCHB 110. telephone 452-3210. 

~,< , ., , >' , 

,'h..:'" '~~~ * " ~;;"'-, 

ItItJAf ••• WJu H IIr I'oll! the rf'\IOIuI .on<W'I' UodAt' 
DaytON 'boo llwaul" " competItion IM+y (.Out~!IIl." up ' rent 
neff: on camQUI 'IIDUf lap "" .... ~ I'ttfronttdtl, timed ;wwj Ihr 
SfUCJeOl MU'l mt! on.' OIht .... ~orr ~ it 1'10 1.0 l»yt0tW 
8eacn 50 comoete '" tnt: .... ~ Gl'dnrt f It\iW5 01"", P' L~ 
. ... De iIW<ltoeG 10 2nd and ltG P'«t flC'll~ oIttde«tI houI 
soectiKO'I anct orf\ICfS ..-.e .. M.wI ....... ~ prVf'50 

~el,. no EUttWSoe IS N!CHWfy Ill> "" ~ tun 

• 

Thursday, Nov. 8, J 984 7 
NE~ 
~. . ' . -

Reagan, Hedgecock, lottery win b· 
The walls came tumbling down on 

Walter Mondale, with President Reagan 
embarrassing him in the most lopsided 
presidential victory since Franklin D. 
Roosevelt·s 1936 win over Alfred M. 
Landon. 

"Tonight is the end of nothing-it is 
the beginning of everything," Reagan 
told an ecstatic crowd of 3,000 
California Republicans during his 
victory celebration . 

Reagan captured 49 states, winning 
525 electorial votes as compared to a 
meager 13 for Mondale. The popular 
vote was a bit more realistic, showing 
that Reagan's landslide represented only 
59% of the voters opting for the 
incumbent. Minnesota and WashinglOn , 
D,C. were Mondale's only victories in 
the election. 

"My loss tonight does not in any way 
diminish the worth and importance of 
our struggle ," Mondale told reporters 
after conceding. 

In his home state of California, 
Reagan maintained his perfect political 
record, winning 57.3% of the vote. In 
San Diego the President topped 
Mondale by almost two-fold, taking 
495,647 of the 749,920 ballots cast. 

Reagan called his reelection the 
continuation of the "prairie fire" that was 
lit 18 years ago at !he beginning of his 
political career, and proclaimect he was 
"the fire of hope to keep alive the 
promise of opportUniry that will 
continue into the next century." 

But Reagan's bubble of victory failed ' 

Reagan supporters bting joYolu. 

to funy inflate because when the dUst 
cleared the DemocratS claimed 253 seats 
in Congress, compared to the 
Republicans 177. 

The Republicans did, however, 
maimain their majority in the Senate, 
C\'t!n though they lost twO seats. 

At a heilthy 73, Reagan is the oldest 
man ever elected president. He refused 
to comment on the issue of his age, 
instead harping on his first four years of 
what Republicans label "the Reagan 
Revolution." 

"Our SOCiety is a society of unlimited 
opportunity." he said. "We fought many 
years for our principles. Now we will 
work 10 keep those principles in 
practice. let's keep that prairie fire 
alive ," 

"I'm at peace with the knowledge that 
I gave it e~rything I've got," Mondale 
told his distraught supports in St. Paul. 

"This fight didn't end tonight; it hegin 
tonight." he explained to the young 
crowd. "00 not despair." 

Even though the Democratic ticket 
was unquestionably rejected it did forge 
ahead in the political arena with the 
nomination of Geraldine Ferraro for vice 
preSident. 

"My candidacy has said the days of 
discrimination are numbered . American 
women wiD never again be second-class 
citizens," she said . 

Despite the candidacy of Ferraro , 

Reagan won 54% of the women 's vote. 
He also won over 25% of the registered 
Democrats. 

* * * Roger Hedgecock overcame the weeks 
of bad publiciry brought on by his 
indictment (for laundering campaign 
funds , conspiracy and perjury) 10 beat 
chaDenger Dick Ca'rlson in a fashion 
that the Mayor himself did not foresee 
until after the polls were closed. 

Mter 23% of the precincts were 
counted, Hedgecock showed a lead of 
52%-48%, The uncharacteristically 
skeptical politician would not predict a 
victory, but said , "l'm hopeful." 

An hour later, with 53% of the 
precincts in , Carlson was lOSing the 
campaign 43%-57% and, at his election-
night headquarters, decided to concede 
the race 10 Hedgecock while offering 10 
"bind the wounds of this campaign." 

The final tally had Hedgecock 
winning 204,348 to 147,384, the San 
Diego County Registrar of Voters said. 

Hedgecock was generally seen as a 
shoe-in for a second term until he 
became the target of controversy and 
scandal as his personal and political 
finances were scrutinized. This lead to 
his indictment and 51-million civil 
lawsuit in mid-September. 

Carlson, a former newscaster and 
bank executive, was a political 
newcomer who lost voter support after 
he made a series of loans totaling 
$386,000 to his campaign. This 
occurred after he promised to keep his 
wealth from becoming a. factor in the 
election. 

Hedgecock now has to face a trial for 
13 counts of conspiracy and perjury in 
addition to accepting illegal 
coi-uributions for his 1983 campaign. He 
expressed relief in having the pressures 
of the campaign behind him and voter 

_.support under his belt 
"I'm now even more resolved than I 

was. .. to prove that these charges are 
just false," he added. 

If Hedgecock is convicted of any of 
the felony charges after his trial is 
completed (in early January), he will be 
removed from office. 

• * * 
In the local Congressional race, 

Republican Bill Lowery won handily 
over Bob Simmons, raking 63.5% of the 
41st Disuict Vote . The young Lowery, 
whose district extends from Point lorna 
to Del Mar, was expected to have a 
more difficult fight against Simmons, 
who had stirred up considerable 
support even thOUBh his campaign 
funds were barely one third of his 
opponent's. 

"My record is solid, and the voters 
know that," said the conservative 
Congressman. "The last-minute attacks 
by my opponent and, quite frankly, his 
sryle of negative campaigning were 
never accepted by voters." 

Simmons, a former judge who is 
currently a professor of law at USD, had 
attacked Lowery's positions on the 
federal budget deficit and his "monetary 
abandon" in defense spending. 
Simmons C\'t!n filed a complaint against 
Lowery to the Federal Elections 
Commission over alleged violations in 
fund-raiSing. 

Even with all this aplnst him, Lowery 
said he was always relatively sure he 
would be re-elected. "I don't think the 
threat was ever reaDy there," Lowery said 
after his victory. "It was a figment of the 

medl~'s imagination." 
The main thrust of Lowery's winning 

campaign was an emphasis on his 
Congressional effons at sparing San 
DielJ> from the trauma of off-shore oil 
drilling and the work he's done to keep 
the Navy ship-repairing business alive 
for the city. 

I! was Lowery's suptX>rt of defense 
that Simmons took greatest opposition 
to, claimmg that "lowery has supported 
every nuclear arms increase ever 
proposed ." 

Mayor Hedgt:eoch was re-elected desptte his 13 ft/ony indictments. 

Lowery confirmed his belief in peace 
through military strength. 

While the Victory celebration was 
drawing to a close, lowery promised 
that in his third term he would work to 
bring down the federal deficit and that 
he would fuDy support Ronald Reagan 's 
foreign poii&}'. 

* * * California will have a state lottery 
next year, but a controversial on tax 
limitation that proponents claimed 
would ha~ "saved PropoSition 13," 
Governor Deukmejian's reapportionment 
measure, and a welfare reform 
proposition were all defeated by wide 
margins. 

Proposition 37, the California Lottery 
measure, passed 58%-42%. California is 
the 18th state in the nation to adopt the 
lottery to raise revenues. The funds from 
the lottery are slated for public 
education. 

The latest tax initiative, Proposition 
36, authored by Howard Jarvis, was 
defeated 55%-45%. Jarvis, author of 
PropOSition 13 in 1978, was undaunted 
by the defeat, vowing to reverse what he 
sees as a vendetta in the courts and 
legislature to undermine Prop. 13 by 
creating loopholes in existing laws. 

"We lost 13 three times, and so I'm 

prepared to lose this three times," he 
said after the baDot counts were in. 

The University of California Regents 
had opposed Proposition 36 in "the 
strongest terms possible." 

The defeat of Proposition 39 (by a 
55%-45% margin) is a major blow to 
Deukmejian. The reapportionment 
measure would have required a panel of 
retired judges to redraw voting districts. 
Deukmejian spent more than $1.2 
million of his own campaign money on 
the proposal, hoping to make major 
Republican gains in the Assembly and 
Senate in 1986. 

Proposition 41 , which would have 
substantially reduced welfare benefits to 
Californians, was defeated 63%-37%. 

Other measures that did not pass 
include 34, a tax relief initiative for 
people who live in and repair historic 
homes, and 40, which would have 
placed severe restrictions on the raising 
of campaign funds . 

The initiatives that did pass included 
38, requiring the governor to request 
that the federal government allow the 
printing of election materials in English 
only, 33, which would have provided 
tax relief to disabled people; and 31 , 
which would have given a tax break to 
people making home improvements in 
the form of fire alarms. Ii::] 



8 Thu~ay, ov. 8, 1984 

Are you considering professional school? 

HARVARD UNIVERSITY 
JOHN F. KENNEDY 

SCHOOL OF GOVERNMENT 
Is Looking for Future Leaders i" Public Affairs. 

Come Learn About Harvard's Two-Year Master's 
Program in Public Policy, Leading to either 

the Master in Public Policy or 
City and Regi01ral Plmrnillg Degree. 

MEET WITH: DEAN CALVIN MOSLEY 
Tuesday, November 13 at 9 and 10 

CAREER PLACEMENT OFFICE 
All Students, All Majors, All Years Welcome! 

Joint Degree Programs Offered with 
Harvard's other Professional Schools. 

Generous Cross-Registration Privileges with other Schools. 

If you're looking forward to 
advanced research and develo p-
ment projects that stretch the 
imagination, Lockheed is looking 
fo rward to meeting you. 

and answers Lo your personal 
questions. 

All students are invited to meet 
company representatives on Novem-
ber 15. Personal interviews will be 
held on November 16. 

Sign up at your cam pus place-

ment office. And make plans to 
graduate inlo a universe of career 
opportunil when you build your 
future wilh L~kheed. L~kheed 
is an equal opportunity, affirma-
tive action emplo er. U.S. citizen-
ship required. 

Lockheed-California Company 
will host an informal di . c us..<; ivn 
covering career opportunities. 
company products (i ncluding the 
record-breaking R-71 Blackbird), 
aerospace employment utlook, 

~lockheed·callfomla Company 
Leadership in Technology 

Thursday. Nov. 8. 1984 9 



10 Thursday. Nov 8. 1984 

A Star Among Us 
By PHYLLIS COHEN 

I MET DIANA CARY when I applied for a job at University Bookstore, rwo summers ago. Her gentle, soft-spoken. 
spoken , down-to-earth manner attracted 
me. 

Diana and I spent many hours 
reminiscing about Mexico. It was not 
until rwo months after I staned to work 
for her that I found OUt more about her 
past. 

Barbara. another student employee, 
was teaching me how to do magazine 
returns. We got Film Quarter!y and she 
excitedly flipped the first pages to the 
index. I figured the aspirmg medical 
student was a film buff. She looked up 
at me and said , in a religiously reverent 
tone. "Diana was a child star." 
Fade in .... 

Diana's father was a cowboy in search 
of work. He took his family and horse 
to Hollywood in 1920 hopmg to become 
a srunt man. He got a job doubling for 
Tom Mix and the family settled m a 
small apanment near the studio. 
Working hours were long but he would 
never take his family to the set He was 
an extremely jealous man. He made sure 
his WIfe did not come into contact with 
the heart-throbbing stars that 
s\1rrounded him. 

The Montgomery's next door neighbor 
was an extra in movies. One day. as she 
was going to see her director to pick up 
her check, she saw the family in their 

apartment, as they always were, and 
invited them to accompany her. Diana's 
mother was excited. She had never seen 
a movie being made before. She took 
her rwo daughters along. 

At Cenrury Studios, the rwo girls 
waited patiently. Diana was sitting on a 
stool when the director saw her. He had 
JUSt tested jackie Coogan, who later rose 
to fame in Charlie Chaplin's film The 
Kid. The cute, 20-month-old Diana was 
perfect for the part. He hired her for a 
week (Q play Baby Peggy in a two-reel 'film 

opposite "Brownie the Wonder Dog." 
Her success in silent movies led to a 

seven-year COntraCt and 575 a week. She 
made over 150 comedy spoofs with 
Century Studios playing Valentino shieks 
and all four leading roles, rwo men and two 
women, in the 1922 comedy CanntnJr .. a 
take-off on the opera. 

Baby Peggy, the first world famous 
infant star, stayed with Century only 18 
months. Her father negotiated for a raise 
in salary but the producers would not 
budge, in spite of her enormous success. 

Diana took her job seriously. She was 
the "bread-maker" in the family and felt 
a tremendous responsibility to surpon 
her parents, at the ripe old age 0 three. 
At home one day, she saw some 
children playing in the yard next door. 
"They were sliding down slides and 
riding merry-go-rounds. I asked my 
sister What are they doing?' She said 
they were having a birthday party. 'How 
can they do that? Why aren't they 
working? What are their folks going to 
do if they don't work?' I asked. I had 
terrible contempt for those children." To 
her, acting was an integral part of 
growing up. 

After her father broke the contract 
with Century he took her to see Carl 
laemmle at Universal Studios. 'Uncle 
Carl,"as he was known to his friends 
and associates, decided Diana would be 
the female answer to Jackie Coogan. He 
revamped the tiny comedian and turned 
her into a dramatic actreSs. 

Diana was not pleased. 
She enjoyed doing the comedies 

which relieved the sentimental audience 
from "heavier" films. Her take-off spoofs 
were screened side by side with the 
"real thing" and she made the public 
laugh and feel good. But, Universal 
offered a much higher salary which 
reflected her fame and she had to take 
the job. She made three feature fllms 
with "Uncle Carl." 

Baby Peggy's popularity was reaching 
its climax. Sal Lesser, who had 
produced six films with Jackie Cogan 
for Principal Pictures ran out of boy 
movies and hired Diana for two feature 
films . She had made 52 million before 
she turned six, with practically no 
income tax. 

Anhur Bernstein wanted to manage 
Baby Peggy's fortune , but Diana's father 
would not relinquish control. Movie 
parents were the "saber-tooth tigers of 
the Hollywood Jungle ," Diana said. They 
"made so much of so little. They were 
desperate . They had no real identity of 
their own. Everything was tied up in the 
child. The main thing that surprised me 
about them was they were so vicious ... 1 
would see mothers go up to dIrectors in 
the commissary, but stories about 
mothers throwing theIr feminine charms 

at directors to try to get their child a job 
were exaggerated, because most 
directors had a horror of stage 
mothers . .. Most of the mothers were 
rather dumpy, unattractive women who 
were either overweight or showed the 
effects of a hard life. The children were 
beautiful. You'd wonder how this child 
could be the daughter of this rather 
unattractive mother." 

Diana's father attempted to manage 
his daughter's fonune by founding the 
Baby Peggy Corporation. Diana got 
commissions from merchandising. There 
were Baby Peggy dresses, purses, dolls, 
prunes and even spinach. Companies 
used her name in their promotions. But 
her father, unsophisticated in business, 
could not handle the many deals which 
went sour, When companies were due 
to pay Baby Peggy's royalities they 
disappeared . Her parents fought all their 
lives over Diana and her money. They 
spent a tremendous amount on houses 
and cars. 

"My father was crazy over 
cars ... Duesenbergs and Packards. My 
mother had fur coats and servants. They 
spent a lot entertaining." Diana's father 
had money invested in practiCally half 
the property on which Wilshire 
Boulevard is found today. A financial 
advisor told him to put the money in a 
gold mine in the Mohave desert. He did 
and lost it aD. 

Diana was making 53,000 a week by 
the time she was four and a half. But, 
her career began dwindling. "Our only 
value lay in our youth, like a bonsai tree 
which is only valuable because it looks 
like a mla!tty oak, but it is only three 
inches tall. We were all bonsai ... I was 
picking up vibes from my folks that I 
was nearly at the end of my rope. 
Things were not going weD. My career 
was in danger. I was getting old." 

Diana began losing her baby teeth at 
around five and a half. The experience 
was traumatic for her since it happened 
during a slump in her career. Her father 
had just refused to renegotiate a 
contract on terms aClo:eptable to the 
producer when her rwo front teeth fell 
out at once. Another producer offered to 
interview her for a low-budget movie. 
Her father told Diana 10 be pleasant but 
not to smile. The producer could pay 
only 5150 for 10 day's work. Diana was 
so happy to get the part she burst into a 
broad grin. 

Her new employer was appalled. 
"My God! What happened to her? 

What's that hole in her face?'" Baby 
Peggy, the glamour star, could not be 
seen without teeth. Fortunately, her 
parents were able to find a dentist who 
fixed her up with a plate and she gOt 
the job. She wore the plate until her owl'\ 
teeth came in . The show had to go on . 

Diana took this axiom, as any 
professional would , seriously. She 
sometimes performed acts which were 
extremely dangerous but her sense of 
responsibility surpassed aD fears . She 
once played an immigrant child caught 
inside a buildtng on fire . The outside 
shot showed her mother Jumping out a 
burning window. This was done using a 
Stunt mario A cut to the interior shot 
caned for her to run out a door which 
had not yet caught on fire. Somehow, 
the set designer had fire on the door as 
well. Diana could not talk to her father, 
who was behind the cameras, since she 
would ruin the scene. She crawled out 
the burning window, luckily, unharmed . 

On another occasion, Baby Peggy and 
another actress had to fall from a tree 
branch into the back seat of a speeding 
convertible passing below. If they 
jumped too soon the car would hit 
them. Diana was frightened but said 
nothing. The other girl screamed 
"bloody murder!" and was fired. Diana 
thought her very unprofeSSional. 

The aging Baby Peggy was finding it 
increasingly difficult to find pans. 
Money became a problem. Her family 
was still affluent but they were spending 
more than she was earning. Diana said 
her parents "never apologized for 
spending it. I grew up trying to 
apologize for them." In 1936 a New Yori! 
Times reponer saw her and asked what 
had happened to her fortune. Her 
parents were sitting next to her. 

She lied to him and said they lost all 
their money on investments which 
crashed in 1929. ActuaDy, Diana's father 
never put a dime in the stock market 
but her story put him off the hook. She 
wanted to protect her father. He had 
given up his career to concentrate on 
hers and once she was rolling they 
could not leave Hollywood , the cars, the 
furs or the homes. Diana's father wanted 

BUSINESS AND 
nCHNICAL MAJORS 

Highly responsible posItionS for 
college seniors and graduates 
(ttYough age 341 In financial 
and logistic support. The Navy 
SUpply Corps need$ ~ 
quaUfted, c¥lamlt Inc:IMci.IaIs 
to lead and manage large 
II'M!ntOfy and financial 
netINOI1cs. Salary slasoo Ie 
start. 5]4,000 after 4 years. 
Exceflent benefits package, 
Need BNBS, U.s. citizenship, 
call ,..,.. ,... ••• _11 
PI 0.-. 29 •• 746-
Mon .. d .. nt ...... 

to be something other than Mr. Baby 
Peggy but her success prevented this 
from happening. 

Diana's career now turned (Q 
vaudeville. It was grueDing work. She 
was on stage for four years, performing 
the same act five times a day. The ad lib 
spontaneity of films was gone but she 
was making more than 52,000 a week. 

With the money, her father bought a 
ranch in Wyoming. He always wanted a 
ranch and his old cowboy spirit had not 
faded . Diana spent the three happiest 
years of her childhood there. But, the 
Depression ruined it aD. They could not 
make a living from the farm alone any 
longer and they were forced to return to 
Hollywood in order to survive. 

Diana could not cope with movie-
land any more. She was now 13 al)d 
managed to get a few s~ pans in 

r----- WTTHllilSAD -----I 21 I 
lerGa ~9urldtllair·: 

I 1-1 frozen I 
yogurt creations I 

I 
__ FREE I 
Crunchy T~ with 1 
purdaM 0/ IIMI or : 

....... IoanVOP' 1 
1 
1 

• WE ALSO HONOR AU. • 
YOGURT PARLOR COUPONS 

1 
1 
1 

10JO Torrey PInes Rd. 
at Herschel 

La loUa 

I 774 Gam~ Ave 1 
Padlic Beach 1 

bpIm ll/ JJ/ IH. 1 
- - - - -ONE PER CUSTOMER - - __ I 

talkies but "Baby Peggy" was beginning 
to weigh her down. "Most children who 
were wen known had either to go to a 
psychiatrist or get some kind of help. A 
Franciscan priest took me on as a 
project He let me come into the office 
and talk ... I couldn't handle the identity 
of Baby Peggy. I couldn't get rid of her. I 
couldn't absorb her into myself, I 
couldn't become me. People didn't see 
me; when they look at me they saw ~r 
and I had this feeling of wanting to 
murder my other self. I was very close to 
a sc~izophrenic situation." 

Her acting career was over. She got 
married but that did not work out. "The 

6~t marriages of young women like me 
and Shirley Temple were usually to men 
who were trying to break into pictures. 
We were finished with acting. We no 
longer found it interesting. But our 
husbands were rrying to make it, and 
were using us, or we felt they were using 
us. After the ceremony, you discover 
that he didn't marry you, he married 
Baby Peggy, or Shirley Temple , or 
Deanna Durbin . Poor Judy Garland used 
to say 'They're all in the Judy Garland 
business'-and they were. I didn't go 
through so many marriages, thank God, 
but one failure was enough. It's one of 
the most dreadful things you can 
experience." 

At 22, Diana left Hollywood for good 
to become a writer. She went up to 
Santa Barbara and ran a bookstore for 
some Franciscan Fathers. She met Bob 
Cary there, got married and went to liwe 
in Mexico for ten years. Her husband 
was a commerical artist and she wrote 

~C&r 
DESIGNS 

PERMS HAIRCUTS 

$1991 $691 
fNCl.,UDES SHAMPOO Ii 

CONDlTlOHER ONlY 
OPEN SUNDAYS 

UNIVDSTY TOWNE CEN1D 
..... 

magazine anicles. She had a son and 
settled into the role of mother and wife. 

She feels the child star problem will 
continue as long as there is 
entertainment Children, even those 
eating com flakes on TV, are in a 
strange environment. They have a 
responsibility to their parents, the 
producer, the director and the rest of 
the cast and staff. 

They are asked to stimulate feelings 
they never experienced: what it is like 
to drown, to see your house on fire, to 
see your parents dead. She believes 
something has to give; a child's 
ernocions are not equipped to handle 
that 

In 1967 Diana's family left Mexico, 
sojourned in Houston for a while and 
returned to California. They now live 
near Carlsbad, 
Fade out .... 

Student 
Regent 

Applicadons 
~ 

available at EDNA, A.S., 
Chancellor'. Office, and at 
the colleges. 

Deadline to file: 
November 16, 5:00 pm 

Chancellor'. Office 
Student Activities Office 

For more information 
call.52~3. 

• 



.. 

Will we see another Stag celebration? 
By ALICIA AGOS 

T HE UCSD MEN'S SOCCER TEAM is definitely ready. Tomorrow the Tritons will travel up to 
Claremont -Mudd to begin the first 
round of the NCAA playoffs. The match-
up, says coach Derek Armstrong, is truly 
a competitve one. "There is so much at 
stake here , it's bound to be really tight," 
says Annstrong. It will also be an 
afternoon in which UCSD, according to 
co-captain Tim Kim , plans to "wipe 
Claremont off. the map." 

The rivalry that is in full swing 
between UCSD and Claremont-Mudd 15 
more than a little obvious. Although the 
stags have histOrically taken their soccer 
and their winning very seriously. the 
stress between the twO teams intensified 
last year at this time. when Claremont 
met UCSD in the first round of the 

CAA playoffs . During the game, played 
at Claremont, the referees flashed a total 
of three red cards (a yellow card is a 
warning, a red card IS an ejection). It 
proved to be the end of the 1983 TritOn 
soccer season, as Claremont won 2-0. 
Assistant coach Dave Griffin, who 
completed his eligibility last year after 
four years of UCSD soccer, observed , "In 
the playoffs last year, they I the Stags) 
were really ready for us. They beat us, 
no two ways about it. This year, though, 
revenge is defini tely a factOr. We know 
they'll be ready .. but we also know we 
deserved the home-field advantage. 
We're going 10 go up there and stuff it 
down their throats." 

Why UCSD has to travel up to 
Claremont for the game is still 
somewhat of a mystery. Logically, after 
scori ng victories over both Claremont 
and Colorado College, it appears UCSD 
should have been given the nod by the 
NCAA to host the first round of the 
playoffs. The official reasonmg behind 
the decision 10 grant Claremont the 
home-field advantage concerned the 
NCAA's desire to have the game played 
on a nO-yard field . Said Armstrong 
testily , "The official regulation field is 
110 yards. They knew the best we could 
do was 114 yards. They were adamant 
about wanung a 120-yard field. To me , 
it was JUSt an excuse . If it wasn 't that , it 
would have been something else. It 

The Tritons hope they won 's see anOlhrr celtbration like the one they saw last year when 
Claremont shutout UCSD 2-0 in the first round oj the playoffs. 

looks as if we'll have to do very well 
before anyone concedes we're a force . 
We've only come on the scene in the 
last two years . We're a bit of an upstart 
to these people ." 

The attitude of the Tmons, who are 

seeded second of the four teams 
competing in the NCAA Far West-Mid 
West Regional, is definitely geared 
toward post season play. Said right 
halfback Scott Strom mer, "Last year our 
goal was to get into the playoffs. We got 

there and didn't really know what to do. 
We weren't ready. This year, everyone 
thinks that Friday starts a whole new 
season. We know we've gOt the best in 
front of us." 

Tim Kim, who consistently plays well 
at fullback , recalls, "We were happy just 
to get into the playoffs last season. This 
year we want to go further. Our goals 
are higher. We are talking about making 
the National Championships. We're 
fired up." 

One of the reasons why UCSD is so 
fired up can be credited to the presence 
of Armstrong. Said Strominer, "The best 
part about this team is the unity. We 
party together. We play tOgether. Derek 
has a lot to do with that. In the three 
year's he's been here , he's taken teams 
to the Nationals twice." 

Kim, a senior, recalled that during his 
first year on the team, "We didn't win a 
quarter of our games. It wasn't very fun . 
Now, with Derek, it's fun . It's amazing 
what he's done in three years. He takes 
his job very seriously. The dedication he 
has to his job is instilled in us. Every 
year is better with Derek. Every year is a 
buildi nit year." 

Griffin believes that the team has 
benefited from the "intensity, quality 
and professionalism" that has 
accompanied Annstrong. And , although 
he still thinks tomorrow's game with 
Claremont should be played here at 
UC5D, Griffin claims, 'We don't care if 
we have to go to Timbuktu. We're ready 
to go. We're going up there to play. Our 
attitude makes the difference ." 

Friday's game with third-seeded 
Claremont-Mudd will be played at 1:30 
pm. Preceeding the Triton-Stag rematch, 
the tournament's number-one seed, 
Colorado College, will play the region's 
fourth-seeded team, 51. Olaf College of 
Northfield Minnesota. The winners of 
Friday's game will face-off for the 
regional tide at 1:30 pm Sunday, Nov. 
11. The regional winner will then 
advance to the third round of the NCAA 
playoffs against the Pennsylvania-New 
Jersey Region Champion. Right now, 
Armstrong is looking to "get through this 
weekend and then possibly host the 
third round of play." ~ 

SCOTI STROMMER-jr. midjiddtrwith springs in his boo/so VIC SKVARNA-jr. rnidficiderwilh two gamt-winninggoals. MIKE STOERGER-soph.Jol'\\Clrd providts sparlt offbtnch. 

Thursday, N~. 8, 198,. 13 
S~l.TS 

, • _ , <S:. v>-:')';· ;so: , 

The Great Bowl Mix-Up 
It was Ions and it was han:l. this 

1984 year oJ UCSD intramural 
Jootball. Some teams sprang to life. 
others were Jar too .flaccid, and still 
others were up and down all season. 

It all comes to an exhilarating 
climax this weekend with the playoff 
quarterfinals and semifinals in each 
oj the jive divisions. These ugly 
bouts will determine the UCSD bowl 

match-~S Jor 1984. Following is a 
division- -division look at which 
c"-l1m . I lise to the top. 
MA 

The quick dismissal of laS( year's 
champiOns PWP looks to make this 
division a one-team race. YOlk HulU 
Oub, which won the tide in 1982 and 
lost in the finals last season, looks as 
strong as ever and has already defeated 
its main competition during the regular 
season. Paced by quick receivers and a 
S(eady line, the Club looks ready to 
accept its second ring in three years. 
The TKEs, who have already upset PWP 
in this year's playoffs, are playing well as 
a team at this time and would like to 
prove themselves as more competitive 
than their 2-3 league season record 
suggests. If York is to lose. the TKEs 
might be doing some finger-sizing of 
their own. SpUt Her ~ • Trout is . 
playing its best football of late, and after 
a big victory over always-tough 
Chocolate City, the learn's confidence 
may be jUst what it needs to upset York. 
Had Biter Olen is the only team 
remaining from the Saturday afternoon 
league . A surprise win over 8ua State 
UnMnity proves that these guys can 
play. Not playing in the league with the 
other three remaining competitors can 
only help. 
AA 

This division looked to be a four-
team baule, but upsels again have 
changed the tournament's look. Number-
one-ranked LSC lost its third opening-
round game in lhree years to last year's 

A chaqrion PIIty A ...... The Animals 
will have a tough road ahead. however, 
with plenty of strong teams remaining. 
8enDaD', lop have plenty of offense 
and could be the team to beal The 51(', 

and Sudden Dada SyDcbomc will battle 
it out Saturday in what guarantees to be 
an exciting game. Both teams are paced 
by brilliant quanerbacks, and the winner 
should advance to the finals. Smdy aacI 

l'HE LATEST LINE 

FAVOIITI! snEAD UNDEIDOG 
MEN'SMA 
Yen ..... a.b ... _ .. ; .. 1 ...• Split Her Lib • T_ 
TICE'J .................. 6 ........ tIe8d Iller 0Sen 

MEN'SAA 
Puty AnIauIIa ........... 10, s.. MoDIca TIICk Cub 
MuDele Supply C-...., , 1 ' • •• • ,',', ..... '. Boys 
W1aiiaa Crew, . , ..•••.. 13 .... Sady ad die a..n 

SIC'. , , , , •....... . •.• , •• 1 ,. Suddal De.a. ~ 
MEN'S A 
Phi Delta Thcti .. " •. , •• , 1 ..••. ,.,.,.,., No Excule 
c-yo.o 8Dd!be WIIaIIm., 7 , . •• • , . , , . , . latch Had; 

Wee s.1e .............. , 40 .......... , ...... Squid8 
EIda', Orchid PIa ....... 11 •••.. , , I Goaa Play GunI 
co.mAA 
Sal TCIIIda .............. 10 , ........ , 4da aad Iadaes 
Hoot )' , &:....,.. ... 14 ............. T_ bo 
eo-mA 
...,',11 , ... , , , . , ...... 10 . ...... , , . , ... n.e e... 
AD ..... ........... ... 1 ........... Ponoia People 

Saak..Dift-.ad &: Score . l' ....... , , , .. .... ,Swuap 
lad KIIeea .. .. . .. • .. • ... 6 .......... ". DapenIcIc» 

...... af..1bc Til hnol 

..... bop .... II oat _ 

... 

TI'Kk Oub aU Ihoc puaen. 
lnIaIIiIy Ind the dIIIcracc. 
WouldD't be _ell. ' ill 
A t.ll 
Two bat Q. ill ..... 

Pledaa WillI eM)' bae. 
Cocky latch will mea 
Ibdr IIIIIda. 
Squidi..a. 
No QI OIl Gu.ird;. 

Poor COICIUaI- die __ 
T1UnI c.,.. pride OIl tbe 
1IDe. 
S-p _ choIIc. 
,.. IDd experimce 0¥Cr 
)'OUch. 

the &.gas has been around for three 
years, but the loss of the team's 
quarterback may prove too costly. The 
Wreddna Crew, Muncie Supply 
Company and The SM Track Club an 
have had great seasons and could come 
out on tOP of this wide-open division. 

A 
Complete sandbag! These playoff 

teams should have been in M 
This division could be known as the 

Wednesday Night League 
Championships. Eldo's Otthid 
PumpiDis. Wee Suit and Phi Delta 
Theta aD came from the same league 
and have proven that their league was 
the best. If one of these tearns does not 
win the championship, look for the 
bascbaD players on Bach Heads to take 
it all. The best-of-the-rest honor has to 
yp to No ExcUIC; however, they will 
have to play over their heads to beat the 
four other sandbagging teams. 

~ 
In the M Division, look for Sort 

Touch to walk away with the title. These 
guys and gals have been together so 
long they could contend in any league. 
Hoot Monster 6r lany poses an upset 
chance, but a championship does not 
appear likely. 

In Co-ed A, watch out for the 
Daperados and The Estate. These two 
had an overtime game this year, with 
the Desperados winning the tie-breaker 
by one yard. The MO's 18 have the 
talent, but inexperience may play too 
much of a factor. The best chance of 
upsetting the top teams goes to AD 
Hands and Sbak-DiYe-Bend & Score, 
but the talent of the lOp teams will 
probably be too much. 

* * • AD quarterfinal and semifinal games 
will be played lhis weekend on Muir 
Field, so i( you wan! to watch some 
great footbaD this weekend (remember, 
the Chargers are playing the Broncos), 
head out to Muir and cheer on your 
favorite teams. 

4, ' 

--.----- --.------------



/. 

14 Th"r>day , 1\,>1 . 8, 1984 

Final appearance for UCSD trio 

Tritons out to 
capture Lite T oumey 
By SEAN LIBBERTON 

STILL FLYING HIGH from Friday nighl's emotional come-from-behind viclOry over Division I rival 
USIU , the UCSD women's volleyball 
team closes out it's regular season this 
weekend when it hosts the first annual 
Ute Triton Invitational. 

And nOl a moment too soon . After 
months of preparation, 27 hard fought 
matches and enough down-IO-the-.... 'ire 
games 10 make coach Doug Dannevik 
and his staff consider another line of 
work, the end is almost in sight. And , 
once again, about the only thing 
standing between UCSD and the 
upcommg Division 1II regionals is La 
Verne University. 

The Leopards, along with the 
University of Nevada-Reno, USIU, Cal 
Poly Pomona, and the University of San 
Francisco v.'ill be in town for the 
lOurnament, which begins Friday at 
noon in TrilOn Pavilion . UCSD's first 
game is against Division I Nevada-Reno. 
Later, at 7:30, the Tritons host # I 
ranked La Verne in what Dannevik has 
called a possible preview of the national 
championship. 

"Anytime we playa Division I school 
like Reno we have 10 play aggreSSively," 
warned Dannevik, who cannot afford to 
look past the Division I foe . "But we're 

> CO TlNUED ON PAGE 15 > Karin Kalk still digs in after four years on Ihe Trilon women's volleyball team. 

Thursday. Nov. 8. 1984 1 S 

KRISTIN KILBOURN 

IIIE 

Kalk, Kilbourn and 
Wheatley bid farewell 
> CONTINUED FROM PAGE H > 
really looking forward to playing La Verne again. ThaI's 
WJing to be the big game." 

Dannevik's strategy is simple: v.'in Friday's opening two 
marches and prepare for Saturday's finals . 'We have to v.'in 
both games to improve our national ranking. Fortunately, 
after our big week last week, we're finaUy in a position to 
earn some attention." 

The Triton's "big week" started Tuesday when they 
defeated the University of San Diego in four games, 5-15, 
15-13, 15-9, and 16-14. The game was significant in that 
UCSD proved skepticS wrong by coming back strong from a 
one game defiCit. What's more , it set the stage for last 
Friday's incredible 16-14, 9-15, 10-15, 16-14, 15-13 win over 
the USIU Gulls. 

Coach Dannevik is still excited about the USIU game. 
was the best played, most exciting voUeybaU game I've 

been involved v.'ith here at UCSD," claimed Dannevik, who 
has been coaching here for six years. "It was the type of 
game that people who saw it will remember it for a long 
time." After trailing in the first game 14-7, the Tritons scored 
nine unanswered points to take a 16-14 deCision, then had 
to quiet a potential Gull comeback in the fifth and deciding 
game. 'We led at one point 11-3," stated Dannevik, "but 
USIU never gave up." The Gulls tied it at eleven, and again 
at thineen , but the Tritons never cracked, and went on to 
v.'in the game, 15-13. 

Besides ending the regular season, this weekend's 
tournament will also mark the final home appearance of 
seniors Molly Wheadey, Karin Kalk, and Kristin Kilbourn. 
Dannevik is hopmg for a big crowd to see the trio olT, as 
well as 10 provide the Tritons with the edge they need to 
upset La Verne. "Our crowd reaUy helped,LIs win the game 
last Friday, and it would be great 10 get that same type of 
support this weekend ." 

Depending on the outcome of Friday's matches, UCSD 
v.'iU play again at either 9:00 or noon Saturday morning. The 
tournament concludes later that night at 7:30 pm . ~ 

It was the .most prestigious competition in brewing . .. the ultimate taste test. 

MOLLY WHEATLEY 

\ 

I ) 

Eighty of the finest beers in the world 
were brought together. The best from 
Gennany, Japan, England, Holland, 
the pride of America, Denmark and 
Australia ... all came to compete at the 
International Brewer's Exposition in 
London. Only one could win. 

They did the tasting in ruby glasses, 
-;?~ so that appearance 

~~ and color could not 
I .. ) affect the judgment. It 

. was truly a test of only 
the taste. 

The international 
competition lasted five 

days. Each day, the panel of judges tested, 

considered ... and eliminated the beers that 
didn't meet their standards for consistency 

and superior flavor. 
On the final day ... after the final taste 

of the ultimate test ... they 
awarded the gold medal to 
Labatt's. Among the finest 
beers in all the world, they 
judged Labatt's finest of all. 
They chose Canada's Beer. 
And now you can, too. 

• 



Classified advertising space Is sold In 
l00-character Increments. Each 
letter, punctuatIon mark and space 
bet\Neen words Is consIdered a 
character, wIth capItal letters 
counting as two characters. The rate 
Is 51 per 100 characters for students 
and 53 per 100 characters for non-
students. You must come by the office 
or mall In ~r ad, as we requIre 
payment In ad\oence of publication. 
Deadlines are 5 pm Tuesct.y for 
Thursday's paper, 5 pm Friday for 
Monday's paper. For more 
Information call 452-3466. The 
GuardIan, UCSO, 8~16, La Jolla, CA 
92093. 

Insurance Warl We'll beat any price or 
we don't want your business. TIckets, 
accidents, sports cars, good 
driver/student discounts: all welcome. 
Call 286-1135. Request UCSD Plan. 
(l1/29) 
Reliable Wheels car rental from S5. Low 
mileage rates available. Free delivery. 
459-4936. (11/29) 
Travel, get great work experience, & 
have a terrific ome in Washington D.C 
Sacramento, Nev.t York, or many other 
placesl ASIO presents National 
Internship Info Nite, Trursday, 11/8, 7 
pm at HLl116. (11/8) 
Want to sell your old ski clothes or 
equipment? Need to buy some ski 
dothes or equipment? Come to the Ski 
Swap Meet Nov. 16, Revelle Plaza.-
UCSD Ski Racing Team. (11/8) 
EMSSAI EMSSAI EMSSAI General 
meeting Thurs. Nov. 8 at 6 pm. North 
Conf. Room. Help plan our next eventl 
(l1/8) 
Winl A ticket for thge All-Cal trip to Vail 
or (4) S25 gift cert. or (4) tune-ups to 
Pat's Ski Shop, at the UCSD Ski Radng 
Team Rame. To be held I pm Nov. 16 
Revelle Plaza. TIckets S2 each/3 for S5. 
(1l/8) 
Vacation Jobs. 8ring the Sottle Bill to 
Califomia. CalPIRG, the State's largest 
erwironmental and consumer lobby for 
temp/perm positions. Work on issues-
Bottle Bill, toxic waste, consumer 
protection. Jobs available in S.D., LA, 
Salta Cruz, San Fran, and Berkeley. 
Interviev.ton Nov. 14, 15. Call 279-5553, 
sign up at Placement Ctr. (l1/8) 
What do you know about "The Star 
Wars ~te7" Come and find out more 
about it from Professor Lakotf tonight at 
7:30 pm at the International Center 
Lounge . Free admission and 
refreshments. (11/8) 
Christmas is coming II We show the finest 
in adult novelty gifts for lovers in the 
comfort of your home. Make this holiday 
season s~cial, it's nobody else's 

busi~. 266-0769. (l1/8) 
campus rafflc surveys now available at 
EDNA. MOM, and all res deans. Help us 
fix your fa'.<>rite flaw. (11/81 
Come and join us for an evening of "The 
Star Wars Debate" WIth Professor Lako" 
tonight at 7:30 pm, International Center 
lounge. Free refreshments. (11/8) 
Warren College Trivial Pursuit Challenge 
Monel. 11/19 at 7-10 pm. Sign-up nowlAt 
Res Dean or Provost Office. Open to all 
Warren College faculty, staff, and 
students. (11/121 

Violin? Viola? Prep for "32" or just for 
fun. Group rates, sliding scale. Helen 
Martin, 457-0671. (11/26) 

12-speed, 22" Motobecan bike for S150. 
15 months old, comes with toe clips and 
water tx:>ttle. Tel. 458-1248. (11/81 
Yamaha 250 Enduro, 1973, fun trail bike 
and great for school transporation. 5400. 
Call Tom 259-0761 eve. (11/12) 
Car Stereo: Alpine 7206-SI00-
Concord 101-Uke nev.t-S9O. Alarm-
SS5. 755-9186. Ask for Jeff. (11/81 
CInnamon Cockatiel-tame, young, 
quiet bird; just leaming to whistle cat 
calls. Helpl She needs lots of attention 
but I'm never home. W/nicecage. S75to 
good home on~-Sean~50-3093. 
Keep trying. (11/12) 
Magna\.Ux console, AM & FM stereo, 
queen size waterbed, regular mattress. 
292-1350. (11/8) 
Must sell Sigma 135/3.5 540 Zesnar 
28/2.8 S20 ind., or S50 for both. Canon 
MT. Ray, 270-2908. (11/8) 
Oops I Sought wrong foto paper. 250 
sheets, Kodak P /C Rapid RC, Surface E. 
S50. Jeff, 270-2908. (11/8) 
71 Nova 4-door. sa50. Call Betty 454-
5868. (11/12) 
79 Datsun B210. Yellow color, S23OO. 
Call Betty 454-5868. (11/121 
Dorm type 1.5 cu. ft. refridge. Good 
shape. Buy now and sell next year. S75 
negotiable. Todd 457-5030. (11/12) 
Hewlett Packard HP-ISC: 3 months old. 
In original box with instruction book. 
S75. Todd 457-5030. (11/12) 
HP41C-quad memory (319 ram), 
extended functions (239 rom), all 
manuals complete. Sloo. Bill 455-0576. 
(11/8) 
73 Pinto-2000, 4Sp., AM FM cassette, 
SS14. Call 755-7236 or 45<r1328. (l1/15) 

I dHH/WM&111 
Top Drawer Secretarial Word 
Processing. Reports, resumes, 
manuscripts. Student rate. Diane 481-
4160. (11/29) 
Expert TWing. Word processing & tape 
transcription. ~Iing free. Sandy, 459-
5818. La Jofla. (11/291 
Sunroofs, high quality glass pop-up 
colTl'letely guaranteed. SII5 installed. 
Bob 481-9145. (II/lSI 
Will do all your typing-UCSD grad with 
8 years prof. exper. You can call anytime. 
Nadine 578-0496. (11/29) 
Having a party? Rent a sound system for 
S30 & up. Call for details, John, 453-
0640. (11/8) 
TRUE LETTER Ol...V\LITY \NOrdprocess-
ing, typing. Fast service. Affa-Bits, La 
Jolla 454-8628. (11/151 
HAVING A PARTY? Let me supply 

recor~ music for dancing or any other 
mood. Either rent my cassettes or I will 

crea~ to )QJr dc5ires. Call Steve 295-
4885. (11/29) 
Burke Secretarial-Quality typing I 
Spelling correct-rush jobs spedalty/ 
flexible hrs. La Jofla 457-3842. (11/291 
Take a break, leam to sing.I~)OUr 
self-image and your ability to 

commlXlica~ with voice lessons. 453-
2344. (11/8) 
Professional typing, IBM memory. 
Cassettr tapes, regujar & micro-So. 
Clairemont Ooris 27~8736. (11/8) 
WE TYPE ANYTHINGn Low rates-~ 
pick-up and delivery, UriYersity Word 
Processing. Call 944-1990 24 hours. 
(11/29) 
TWing/Word Processing-For all your 
typing needs call Barbara at 454-7624. 
Rush jobs accepted. (11/29) 

rffHHfllllll1i ~MRlfill 
Secretary/law clerk: La Jolla Shores law 
o'ffice; flexible hours; need good typing 
skills. 459-4118, 45trl308. (11/81 
Roomate needed starting Winter 
Quarter. Share room Solana Beach. SI75 
per mo. furnished. 259-0761 eves. (11/121 
Wanted: Person to share Master 
Bed/Bath. I mile from UCSO, excellent 
locale. S225 mo. pIUS util. Call 457-1814. 
(11/8) 
Wanted to cross campus and wound up 
in EI Cajon? Get a traffic survey from 
EDNA MOM or your res dean. (11/8) 

Master bedroom for rent Can be shared. 
3/4 mile from school. Call Rich or J.K. at 
457-1353. Dec. 1st. (11/291 
For }(lung professional IMJman-studio 
apt. or similar. Can pay S3oo. Please call 
459-6899 and leave message. (11/29) 
Female roommatr needed to share apt. 
Very dose to campus. For info call 452-

I 8837. (11/8) 

lDst Silver ctlarm bracelet with initials 
CGA Reward. Call Kris 455-9644. 
(11/81 
Found: Skateboard on Third CaTIpUS. 
caN to describe. 453-0329. (11/8) 
Bundle of clothes and tupperware 
container (10/15 on Muir Fiefd). Go to 
Gym Cage. fll/81 

Found-Ska~board in TlH 105. Call 
Steve 450-3039 to identify. Keep trying. 
(II/II) 
Found: Skateboard at Warren 10/31. Call 
457-4029 to id and claim. (11/8) 
Found: Gofd \NOman's ring in bathroom 
of Student Center Bldg. B. Please call 
Gloria or Debbie 452-3670. (11/8) 
Found41ark, from "Aaming Hibachs," 
I t'1cIYe )Uur mic cablel Can Mike, 294-
8076. (11/12) 
Reward SSS for the return of my green 
dolt padc & contents. Prescription 
medicine urgently neededl Purple and 
blue no~books (physics/math) and 
PhysICS book (H&D). Taken from 
bookstore Nov. 2. Please call 483-1383. 
(11/121 

Lost-Black shirt "Mad Jack's Run," 
manila fofder "Mazea," keys "Mad 
Bassist" please callI Mike 294-8076. 
(11/12) 

IUIEYII 
Ladies: Want to meet sincere, interesting 
men? Foto Date, California's mast 
successful dating club, is offering a 

limi~ number of free trial memberships 
to ladies bet\Neen 1~30. 293-3000. 
(11/8) 
Gina-Just a hello to a spedal Sigma Sis 
(We love you even with chopped hairl 
Love in Sigma, Suzanne. (11/8) 
Marda-What a team we arel Let's have 
some ice creamll Sigma Lcwe, Suzanne. 
(11/8) 
Hey Doug & OJ., We couldn't of found 
t\NO nicer guys than )QJ t\NOl Thanx for 
being Wily S\N'eet. We kN ya, Moni & 
Kym. (11/8) 
Sometimes }(lu just gotta say . . . AOII. 
(11/8) 
Dean Fargo-I know }(lur B-day is 
around here sometime so happy B-dayI . 
lhanxs for being my personal driver 
(even when I didn't even drive my own 
car). Good luck tonight See ya in class 
bozo. Marisa. (11/8) 
Hey Mr. Rob "Box of Happy" EYereSt It's 
been a hell of a week and I'm gtad we 
made It through tDgether. J owe you for 
most of the memories and good times. 
You deflnIte~ know how to make me 
hapP.( and li~ \Wrthwhife. My kidneys, 
11IlgS, and brain ceHs thank }(lu. Your 
astrological forecast for the future is . . . 
You will begin to deveiop cIase family 
ties that could be dangerous to your 
health, but "You are man" so "You will 
survtver' Don't loose your pineapple 
jadcet cause we're going to need it 
Rees. (11/8) 
Oorit Hey little sis. .Just want to let you 
know that}(lu are the best SIgma pledge 
and I bIe }(lu. ~ Big Sis. (11/8) 
Alexa Heart SIs Let's get together soon. 
You make S~ Kappa so special! In 
SIgma I.aJra. 111/8) 
Usa Kom, It \NOuld be nice to see you 
more often. ~ Loralle. (11/8) 
Jimbo, Crisbo and Mitchell, .Let's party 
tonight My midterm's over at 9:30. See 
ya then. ~, wiN. (11/8) 
Margo, Good Luck on Physics 
tomorrow. lOYe your Sigma Sis. (11/8) 
To all the Sigmas, Sigma Kappa wishes 
)Uu a fun weekend. See you Sat (11/8) 
Todd Haines: Thanks for a great trip to 
Vegas. From the BETA Pledge Class. 
(IIIB) 
My thanks to Stu, Steve, Marianne, 
Death, Katy and Wim (both in ~ntia) 
and all the friends I'm forgetting for 
making my B-day a night to remember. 
May the first round always be on me. I 
love yaN, Juan. (11/8) 
Talk with UCSD medicaf students at next 
HIPO meetlng. Tues. NcN. 13, tr8 pm. 
See A.S. bulletin 4 room. (11/12) 
Who was the first voice of Mickey 
Mouse? Play Warren College TrMal 
Pursuit Challenge on Monday, 11/19. 7-
9:30 pm. Sign up now at Res. Dean's or 
Provost's Office. 111/12) 



An Arts Magazine Serving the UCSD Community 

Vol. 7. No.9 

Democracy 
in La Jolla 

Performance Artist Tim Mi.ller 
awe _ • . 



Editor 
ANOREW KEELER 

Associate Editor 
CHRIS YOUNG 

Contributina Editors 
ETHAN FEERST, JOAN 
FORSBERG, RONA HU, 

JAMES RALPH PArr 
Staff 

MIKE AHN, RODDY 
&XiA W A, ANDREA 

HARMON, KRI TI KALA, 
KAREN KELLEY, JEFF 

MUNIC, JOHN NEE, ART 
SALAZAR, CARL STATER, 

ROGER STEPHENSON 

Editorial 452-3466 
Advertilinll 452·3468 

Hwrus is pubhshed every 
Thursday of the academic y~ar 
as a supplement to the UCSD 
GUARDIAN . Reproduct-ion 
or use without writt en 
permiSSion of any portion of 
this magazine is a no-no. We 
wdcome unsolicited I~tt"rs, 
manuscripts, and artwork, but 
assume no responsibility for 
the return of such. ScnJ 
information to: 

HIATUS 
8-016, La jolla , CA 92093 

Contents 
Cover: Democracy in 
America? No, Democracy in La 
Jolla. Tim Miller explores the 
extremes of LJMCA's 
'Performance Parameters.' See 
page three. 
tpublic' Appeal. . . . .. pale 4 

General Public hits Del Mar for 
a good time and some good fish. 
Comic Marvel. ...... pale 5 

Whether just kids stuff or the 
latest in the nouveau stock 
market, comic books are in the 
gallery. 
Mr. Metheny ........ pase 7 

Jazz phenom Pat Metheny joins 
the 'First Circle' of jazz and the 
audience of UCSD this Sunday. 

Bob'. Book Report •.• pale 2 
The Eatbeat. •• pale 6 

Movie •••• pale 8 
Record .... pase 9 

Goinl'. On .•• pale 11 

UCSD Theatre presents 

TRELA WNY OF THE uWELLS" 
starring Eric Christmas 

"An unabashedly sentimental comedy about 
life in the theatre ... sparkles with wit and 
romance .. . " Gottfried, NY Times 

MANDELL WEISS CENTER for the 
PERFORMING ARTS 
NOVEMBER Z-4, 8-1 Z 

8 pm/ 7 pm Sunday 
$5.00-$8.00 

45 2 -4574 
Tickets atlailahle at W eiss Center Ticket Office 

UEO Box Office anJ Tid<etron. 
2 Hiatw Nov. 8, 1 y8i 

Bob's Book Report 

Believe this? 
'BV B.B. LEONE 

Every six months or so I find another person who obtains all his 
knowledge from books. Not just any books, but fiction books. All 
these people ever learned about OPEC, the Democratic or 
Republican Parties, Karl Marx, the politics of sex and nation In 
middle-ages Europe or the Kennedy uaaslnations is all from fictional 
or "fictionalized" books. These people make me shiver, especially 
since I on occasion join their company. 

I have professed admiration for Joseph Wambaugh's Unes and 
Shadows, a fictionalized account of the exploits of the San Dies<> 
Police Department's border force, and for Greg Benford's 
Timescape, a science fiction novel set partly in the early days of 
UCSD. I consider both books good sources, not for information, 
but for the feel of a particular time and place (Wambaugh did 
extensive interviewing of the participants, and Benford was a 
graduate student during the period he depicts). I do not consider 
these books completely reliable. In fact, for hard information, I 
consider both books suspect, if not completely garbage. 

I even had a shiver down the spine when I read in the Afterward in 
Arthur Koestler's ThietJes of the Night that he had discovered that the 
1947 UN Commission on Palestine had used his book in some 
capacity, or for some $Ort of evidence. I nearly screamed in agony 
when a high school teacher offered her opinions on world terrorism, 
based on information ripped from the pages of Robert Ludlum's 
wonderful escapist literature. If I can't trust journalist and scholar 
Koestler with accurately depicting the Palestinian question, should I 
accept Ludlum for what it isn't? 

Should I accept Horace Walpole's story "Peaches in Brandy" for 
anything other than a crude joke with Walpole's usual crude anti-
papism thrown in? Should I read World War I in E.R. Eddiaon's The 
Worm Ourobos? Should I even bother readinR Sir James Frazer's The 
Golden Bough, which is fact, not fiction, but makes one want to read 
Ludlum for the rest of one's life? 

In a world where Newsweek thinks Stanford Stadium is in Los 
Angeles, in a world where they floodlit the Sun Ood, trusting fiction 
to tell a real story is asking too much. Don't believe everything you 
read. 

~!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! UCSD Chamber Music Series 
Tenth Anniversary Season 

GUARNERI STRING QUARTET 
This is the Guarneri String Quartet's Twentieth Anniversary 
Season. The Quartet--now preeminent among the world's 
chamber ensembles, was founded in 1964 at the Marlboro Music 
Festival in Vermont. Since then , the Quanet has had no changes 

in personnel. The Guaneri 's program will be: 
Haydn's Quartet In 0 Major, Opu 76, No.5 

Schumann 's Quanet In A minor, Opus 41, No.1 
Sc hubert 's Quanet 111 t Major, Opus 125, No.2 

November 9, Friday, 8:00 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 

G.A. $13.00, UCSD St. $5.50 
l1~£TI\DN '(j) T£LETi\DN fI 

& UCSD Box Office: 452-4559 
liiiiiiiiiiiiiiii presented by UCSD University Events Office 

If you are still punishins yourself 
for mlssins little know performance 
artist Laurie Anderson play the La 
Jolla Museum of Contemporary 
Art's Sherwood Auditorium in 
1982, only to return two years later 
al superstar Laurie Anderson and 
play the less-than-intimate Fox 
Theater, your time for redemption is 
at hand. 

Democracy &. Art 
come to ·La Jolla 

Bv ROBIN SCOTr 
This Saturday Tim Miller, another 

New York based performance artist, 
comes to San Diego. Once again, the 
La Jolla Museum of Contemporary 
Art will host the event. Miller's 
piece, entitled, Democracy in 
America, promises to be one of the 
highlights of the museum's 
"Performance Parameters" series, 
dedicated to featuring innovative 
and experimental multi-disclpline 
artists. Democracy in America 
premiered last month at the 
Brooklyn Academy of Music's Next 
Wave Festival and has since been 
shown at the Japan-America Theater 
in Los Angeles, 

Miller seems to be one of those 
rare personalities destined to 
succeed in the theater. At aF 15, he 
began studying ballet and modern 
dance. In 1978, when he was 19, he 
moved to New York City to punue 
his career. Leas than one year later, 
he co-founded the theatrical troupe 
"Performance Space 122" in 
Manhattan. Since then, Miller has 
created, collaborated on, and 
produced a number of critically 
acclaimed works, includlna Salt 
Faaory, Case of Utfing, and Postwar. 

What takes place in performance 
art is limited only by the artist'l 
Imaaination. In Democrac, in 
America, Miller collaborates with 
painter Mike Olier, audio-visual 
artist Kirk Winslow, photOlf1lpher 
Dona McAdams and a company of 
performers and actors. While 
Anderson's works rely most heavily 

on her music, dance seems to be the 
dominant medium for Miller. Even 
his simple movements posIeSI a 
unique quality. Aa Lewia Sepl of the 
Los Angeles Times says it, "He 
somehow moved like a nimble colt 
and a prowlina panther all at once. " 
Miller's enerJY is as explosive as his 
themes. 

One of Miller's earlier works, 
Postwar, was performed here in San 
Diego laat April as part of Sushi's 
"Nea-Fest." Certainly the most well 
received event during the festival, 
Postwar was an examination of the 

L}MCA & Puryear: 
What a cOlllbination 

BV MARLA HELLMAN 
The San Diego Area abounds with 

a variety of cultural resources, many 
of which a quite inexpensive, as in 
"free." The La Jolla Museum of 
Contemporary Art is a classic 
example of this. It constantly offers 
diverse exhibitions as well as 
providing free admilsion on 
Wednesday evenings from 5-9 pm. 

The exhibits cha. approximate-
ly every one and a half montha and 
offer a variety of contemporary art. 
Currently, Martin Puryear'. SeI«ted 
SculpMe of rite La.st DtauIe is beinll 
shown. As aptly described in the 
accompanying brochure, Puryear's 
"abstracted lCulpture, handcrafted 
of wood and other materials, raDF 
in form from linear to volumetric 
and is characteriled by dualities and 

tensions." Puryear's sculpture and 
the other work on display may 
prompt one into questioning, 
"What is art?" 

Also, the Museum is presenting a 
recent acquisition of a major 
painting by Richard Schaffer, 
entitled rlDaa Ereignis." The 
paintina measures over 25 feet in 
width and took over three yean to 
complete. The piece Is in the main 
lobby of the mUleUl1l and cannot be 
missed. Schaffer and Puryear'. 
works will be on display until 
December 9. 

The museum abo has a book store 
well stocked with a varied selection 
of cards. artboob, eamnp and a 
assortment of lifts. In addition, the 

YEARS 
AHEAD 
A Full Service Salon 

We would like to introduce to you our 
new and talented hair designer, 

Laurie 
Women $10, reg. $25 
Men $8, reg. $19 
For 3llpoinlmenl, please call 457·2930. 
8950 Villa La Jolla Or .. SUite 2120, La Jolla 
(behmd 1£1 Torito & Hudeo · directly acros~ the ramp) 

Museum offers a film and lecture 
series. For information about thls 
call 45+3541. 

Whether you are a "con-
temporary art buff" or jUit in need 
of a INdy break why not take 

socia-political climate in which the 
baby boom generation has grown up. 

In Postwar, Miller attempts to 
con vey tha t the world of 
comfortable domesticity that was so 
widely propagated In the 1950s and 
remains with us today, which is 
perhaps only a thin veil for the 
escalatina fears that constantly 
encroach upon our lives. One of the 
ways he accomplishes this is by 
juxtaposing symbols of traditional 
suburbia apinst those of war. In 
doing so, the barriers between these 
two worlds are broken down. Family 
scrapbook photographs are flashed 
on the screen behind Miller, who 
calls out soothing household cllch~. 
(e.g.: "I'm home"}j meanwhile, the 
sound of bombers is heard overhead. 
The home becomes a nightmare as a 
calm backyard barbecue gives way to 
the mad, militaristic rush of family 
members completing simple tasks of 
yardwork. The regimentation which 
permeates our daily lives is further 
exposed as Miller, marching in tight 
circles, spouts out, "Check my 
watch, check my wallet, check my 
car keys... check my watch, check 
my wallet, check my car keys." 
These as well as other scenes of 
exaaerated frantic question just 
how comfortable American society 
really is. 

Most of the symbols used in 
Postwar remain appropriately vague. 
At times, however, the piece is hurt 
by direct references to "hot" issues 
such as the inclusion of a tap dancing 
Ronald Reapn fl8W'e as well as the 
recital of an encyclopedia article 
concerning EI Salvador. One hopes 
that Miller has refined his use of 
subtle symbolism and eliminated the 
direct references to easy tafietS. 

DemocTac:Y in America will be 
performed this Saturday at 8. 
Admission is $7, and for students 
and seniors, $5. 

advantaae of some culture, especially 
while it's free. And beside., 
Swensens. Haqen-Dazs and Yogurt 
Affair are jUit around the corner. 

The Museum is located at 700 
Prospect &reet. 

Nov. 8, 1984 HiGcus 3 

r 
, 

1 I 
.' 



The Power of the Public 
Bv ANDREW KEELER 

What does singer Dave Wakeling 
remember about San Diego from the 
English Beat's sold-out performance 
two years ago? "They have a fantastic 
seafood restaurant there." 

Besides complimenting the Fish 
Market in Del Mar, the former lead 
singer of the English Beat and 
current member of General Public 
had other exemplary things to say. 
"The fans in San Diego were great to 
us. This was one of the cities that 
broke us in America. We were big in 
Boston, but it was San Diego that 
really gave us a start." 

This was just the beginning of a 
stretch that saw the Beat rise to the 
top of the charts with hits like "Save 
it for Later, " "Tears of a Clown" and 
"Mirror in the Bathroom." The 
group headlined major venues 
around the world, including the 
Jamaican Festival and the US 
Festival in San Bernadino. 

However, a little over a year ago 
this carpet ride came to an end. The 
Beat's breakup, according to 
Wakeling, was not caused by any 
personal problems; it was just that 
the members of the band were 
feeling confined and wanted to try 
something else. 

Back in his native Birmingham, 
Wakeling decided to form another 
group with Beat partner Ranking 
Roger. Looking for more artistic 
control, the duo struck a deal with 
IRS Records, worked out .some 
songs, and then decided to find a 
band. "It was done in a peculiar sort 
of way. Usually, it's 'Let's form a 
band, lads, let's get some songs, and 
then let's go record them,''' recalls 
bassist Horace Panter, who was 
formerly with another celebrated 

two~tone band, the Specials. 
Add keyboardist Micky 

Billingham and drummer Stoker 
from Dexy's Midnight Runners, 
along with guitarist Kevin White and 
you have a General Public. One of 
the most interesting footnotes to the 
new band is the listing of Mick Jones 

Advertise in ~ ... 

as special guest star on the album. 
J ones was the guitarist with the Clash 
until his departure last year. 

Jones was invited to rehearsals by 
the band and seemed to fit right in. 
However, Jones was not sure he was 
ready to join another group. "It was 
a sort of on~n off--apin thing 
with Mick. He would "y, 'I should 
join,' and then he would go, 'Maybe I 
should form my own group,'" 
explains Wakeling. At this time no 
mention has been made of any dates 
featuring Jones: 

The band's first single, "General 
Public," was released last year as an 
import and received critical, if not 
Widespread, acclaim. The new single, 
" Tenderness," has made the album 
All t~ Rage a hit in the States. 

For Wakeling, the preuure of 
putting out an album accordlni to 
someone eIse's schedule took itl toll. 

The 
Guardian 

MUIR STUDENTS ACT NOW 
Before it's too late! 

U ... But I'm a 5th year senior and I'm trying 
to graduate this quarter ... " 

MUIR 10 & 20 
Limited Enrollment 

Dept. Stamp: November 12,16, H&SS 2346 
Class descriptions available Thursday, November 8th. 

.. HUitw Nov. 8, 1984 

"We recorded a couple of Beat 
albums in a sort of hurried manner. 
With this new album we took our 
time and had more control of the 
product." 

Although the band members did 
need time to acclimate themselves 
with each other, it never reached the 
level of chaos of the earliest Beat 
days. "It must have been around the 

second~ or third<ver Beat rehearsal, 
and we had a few of our own songs 
and we kept playing and they 
sounded a mess and nobody had any 
idea what anyone was going to do. 
Then someone said, 'Why don't we 
play something we all know?' After 
about eight or nine suggestions, 
someone came up with Smokey 
Robinlon's "Tears of a Clown" and 
we all knew it. 

"Later it became a vital part of our 
let. Rater was tired to death of it 
after sinainl it for two yean, but if 

NOV. 11 IAN OliGO 
Sun 
7JQPM 

NOV. 12 
Mon 
130PM 

ConvenllOn Ind 
~fmlng Ans Center 

S. •• ~.II~_ I'" 
rM..". 80. Ot!1C •• fId 
'HE SEAl rocatOOflI 

Call 
,.". 2"·I ... T 

we didn't play it we would have to 
spend two hours afterwards 
explaining why we didn't . 
Somebody once came up to us and 
asked, 'Do you know Smokey 
Robinson does your song?'" 
Wakeling can laugh about it now. 

The heavy political emphasis of 
the Beat's earlier songs has been 
replaced by a more polished sound 
on All the Rage, but this does not 
mean there is no message. "I think 
the music is very important, but 
there must be some substance to it or 
you can just throw it away. I don't 
write songs specifically to do this or 
that; I write about what I am feeling 
at the time. Sometimes it is about 
love and sometimes it is about world 
problems. I watch television a lot, 
and [ think I might be more of a 
reflection of what is on television 
than what is going on in society," 
claims the 28~year~0Id English 
native. 

One would think that Wakeling, 
as a television fan, would be excited 
by the video movement in music. 
Wrong. "I find it a bit frightening 
that video doesn't let you use your 
imagination. When you hear a song 
you get a picture in your mind. With 
videos you're stuck with the image 
the band gives you. I find it to be a 
cold medium. However, it does 
afford you the chance to be Alan 
Ladd for a day. I kind of like that." 

With a nationwide tour starting 
this week in Los Angeles and a 
successful album along with a video 
("Tenderne .... ) on MTV, General 
Public has cleared many hurdles, but 
Wakelmg has no desire to look 
ahead. "When the Beat finished the 
first album, we were rather surprised 
we were still together. I think it is 
rather silly when bands plan five or 
ten years down the road. You just 
never know." 

One thing seems certain. General 
Public will remain together at least 
until Tuesday, when the band will 
headline at the Del Mar Fairgrounds. 
Another sell-out and more seafood. 

"'IMIt.nON fOR: 
GMAT. LSAT. GRE 

9.:ln OlIgo CArter 
2180Gornef Z> • 

R:cIft:: 8ea::h. CA 92109 
(619)27()'6810 

M.L ~Iy. ,4Qnhln::tor 
CL.ASSES r.lII C4MUi 

I~~ 

Comic books and big business 
Bv ARTHUR SALAZAR 
If your parents collected comics, 

those "kiddy books that come a 
dime-a~dozen," and had saved their 
whole collection, the chances are 
that today, your college tuition 
could have been paid in full from 
these now valuable items. 

Today, over 100 titles come out a 
month, and more than 30 are 
specifically for the college audience. 
80% of the new comics are above the 
6th grade reading level, or above the 
reading level of the San Diego Union. 

They are respected as historical 
artworks and leading contributors to 
our culture. The Smithsonian 
Institute has a vast collection of the 
rarest, or "Golden Age" comics. The 
Louvre, Paris' foremost museum, 
displays a page of artwork from 
Fantastic Four #1. The comic medium 
is read by 20,000,000 people 
monthly all around the world. 

Of course, many comics are still 
made for the children in all of us. 
Yet, some deal about mature, 
philosophical subjects including 
nuclear devastation, amnesia, and 
sexual fantasies. Anyhow, they are 

mainly a relaxing means of escape 
from our daily living. 

"Buy them to have fun," says 
Steve Reizner, owner of The Comic 
Gallery on the corner of Balboa and 
Clairemont Drive. At Reizner's 
store, everything and more in comics 
are available. 

The Comic Gallery is the closest 
store of its kind to UCSD. It is a 
direct~sale, specialty comic shop. 
Reimer explains that this means a 
store carries many college~levei titles 
created especially for them, and sold 
exclusively at these stores. 

"I've tried to make my hobby 
work for me, at my own business, 
rather than working for somebody 
else. J felt the city could use another 
store," said Reizner. In addition to 
comic books, The Gallery specializes 
in original artwork, fantasy and role 
playing games, miniatures and 
imported toys. 

Comic books are like stocks in 
that some are "hot" on the market 
and are a sound investment, while 
others are "dead turkeys." Today's 
market is developing in three 
separate areas. The new comic 

LA JOLLA MUSEUM OF CONTEMPORARY ART 

TIM MltlLER 

DEMOCRACY IN AMERICA 
Saturday, November 10, at 8:00 pm 

Admission: $5.00 LJMOCA members. students, seniors. 
$7.00 general. 

LA JOLLA MUSEUM OF CONTEMPORARY ART 
700 Prospect St. . La Jolla. Reservations (6191 454-3541 
Tickets also available at the S.D .S.U. Aztec Center and 

U.C.S.D . Student Center boll offices. 
This program is pari of 

PERFORMANCE PARAMETERS 
A selles funded on pari bV a granl from Ihe Calofornla Arts CounCil 
Speclal lhanks 10 Broofclvn Academv of Mus,c "'.1 Wave Festival 

T ourong Program 

buyer, the back~issue buyer and the 
Golden Age/Silver Age buyer. 
"New comic sales are very brisk and 
very popular among students, 
mostly because they're cheaper to 
buy." Adds Reizner, "The average 
price is just under a dollar." 

Future careers as comic 
storytellers are bright. Examples of 
the improvement in the business has 
come through in the growth of new, 
independent publishers. "The 

. opportunities, if you can break into 
the business. are greater than they've 
ever been," he said. John Byrne, 
writer/penciller/inker for two 
popular comic titles, Alpha Flight 
and The Fantastic Four, makes $250 a 
page for each of his contributions in 
the 22 page book, plus incentives if 
the product sells better than usual. 
Byrne can make approximately 
$35,000 a month from his talent. 
Usually a person does only one 
aspect of the job, and his or her 
contribution earns him about 
$6,000 per month. 

"What sells? People who follow 
comics closely like to see a good 
story line, good character 

development and art that is 
believable. If I knew what 
ingredients make a comic a 
bestseller. I guess I'd be working for 
Marvel," jokes Reizner. 

He named his personal favorites 
and discussed about where the 
future of comicdom lay. "I like many 
of the independent titles like Alien 
Worlds, Jon Sable and Summerset 
Holmes," Reimer said. He predicted 
that soon comics would be 
dominated by the "graphic novel" 
category. Reizner feels this is because 
there will be "more space in the 
book to have a story that we can get 
more involved in. I think there's still 
a lor of people that don't even know 
comics are still being made because 
you no longer find them in drug 
stores, newsstands or 7~lls." 

The comics today are our movies 
that cannot be made because they 
would cost hundreds of millions of 

- dollars to produce. Their 
contributions to our generations are 
evident. Superman is known 
worldwide, and he is an American 
cItizen. It is fiction's next 
evolutionary step. 

Nov. 8. 1984 If-.. 5 



Metheny has 
ll1ade the 
tFirst Circle' 

By KARL DAEGLING 
The Pat Metheny Group's first 

album, entitled simply Pat Metheny 
Group, appeared on the jazz charts in 
1979, and Metheny has been a 
familiar name there e!ver since. 
Metheny himself has put out six 
albums that do not carry the 
"Group" name, but his work within 
the group has been his most 
consistently popular and 
provo ative. The group's Offramp 
alb um of 1982 was widely 
considered to be the best jazz album 
of that year . Metheny himself has 
been voted "best jazz guitarist" fo r 
two years in a row by the readers of 
Guitar Player magazine. Impressive 
credentials. So what will Metheny 
and group come up with next ? the 
answer is: another winner. 

First Circle is the fi rst Pat Methe!ny 
Group studio album to come out in 
nearly three years, and it lives up to 
their reputation for creating fresh 
and innovative music. By integrating 
a touch of some of his past influences 
into his new ideas, Metheny has 
created a beautiful collage! of the 
"brand new" and the familiar. There 
IS the expe rimentalist "Forward 
March" which opens the album on a 
ltghthearted note; Metheny has ewn 
proven to be an adept musical 
humorist. Several cuts recall the up-
tempo spirit of 1980's A men can 
Garage while adding new guitar 

Pat Medleny and company will 
perfonn to a IOLi-oue 6Y'" Sunday. 

synthesizer patterns and powerful 
studio-enhanced drumming. The 
second side opens with "TellIr All," 
a straight ahead bebop tune which 
showcases some of Metheny 'S 
classiest guitar work on vinyl. 
Throughout there is more 
compositional compactness than on 
any of the group's previous albums 
(no cut wanders far from the initial 
frame!work of the song). The most 
impressive new dement on First 
Cirde however, is percussionist/-
vocalist Pedro Aznar. Aznar 's mostly 
wordless harmony vocals are 
integrated as another instrument 
into the mix, and the results are 
electrifying, adding a brand new 
dimension to the group's music. 

FITS[ Cirde is another unqualified 
success for Metheny and his group. 
It is yet another in the group's series 
of exuberant and imaginative 
offerings. Pat Metheny and Group 
will be appearing November II, in 
the UCSD Gym. 

The home 0 the 
39¢ ham.burger. 

I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 

I" ... I ,,'\ III tt", IPU I"'II 
\\ h~ II 1'11 \ Ill).! ,I Hit.! \1.1\ III I 
\uu'll 1..:' t .fHldH r BIL:' \t. ,~ 
fr., I IIIHI "fh 11'111"'11' I" r 

r. p, r \ "If PI. I', 

M~V()If(}ld~m &!fou. 

Miramar Rd. San Diego 

C '''h\ ,,11II I lll"II"'n! II 
II 

O nl y at; II 
7140 Miramar Rd . II 

Sa n Diegu II 
II 

.... ~ ......... ,'r."rll ~ItUI'''11 \\ 1.\11 Vahdthru @j _Dec~.~8~ f.¥+ • • f I, rln\..: \,; , _\ \. .1 h I ~\ul ! .1 11\ '111I,r • • ", r 
-----THE DEPARTMENT OF POUTlCAL SCIENCE 

INOUld like to call your attention to the following \XIInter Ouarter courses to be taug,t 
by visitors to our department In all likelihood, they will not be offered by these 

professors in the future. 

\Ilsiting Professor Henry Ehrmann, expert in Corrpara~ Law and Corrparatlve 
Politics 

PSl~ 
PS 221 

lAw & PolltlajCornpllr.we Cultures 
SemInar: e>rg.nlzed Interests. Polltla and the sr.te In \IIMWm 
Europe • 

Visiting Lecturer Maria Patrida Fernandez-Kelly. specialist in political economy 
PS 1l4F Polltlall Economy & the New International DMslon or Labor 

VISiting Professor Jacob Goldberg, renowned expert on the Middle East 
PS 121a Governments and PolitIcs or the MIddle East 
PS 1210 The Ara~lsr_U ConflIct: From IMa to Present 

Visiting Professor Jerry Hough. internationally knOwn expert on the USSR 
PS l1Oi1V' SovIet Polltla 
PS 1 JOK SemInar: SovI« AI'rIettc.1 ReI.lons In Europe 

VISiting Professor Frank Manuel. one of the most distinguiShed .A.merican political 
theorists 

PSl108 
PS 2108 
PS'IOK 

Systems of f"oIltJaII Thought 
Syams 01 f"oIltbI Thought 
Semlnllr: TopkIln Modem fIOHtIaII Thought 

-----"'- Me schedute of ct.NI for dIIy and time. ----
6 Hi4nu Nov. 8, 19t:S4 

The Eatbeat 

Have travel, will lobster 
By JEFF MUNIC 

Ortega's Place, better known as 
"Mexico for lobster," is a mecca for 
UCSD sojourners. It is akin to going 
to another country and staying at 
home at the same time. 

As you drive past Tijuana you 
enter a world that you have only seen 
in old National Geographic specials. 
You pass such ancient relics as 
Corona by the Sea Condominiums 
and Baja Malibu Townhouses. You 
begin to wonder how these relics 
came into being. "Did extra-
terrestrials land on Earth and build 
them, or did a future generation 
break the time barrier and come in a 
time machine to build them?" you 
ask yourself. No one knows the true 
story, but I can safely say that a visit 
to Baja Malibu will leave the 
American tourist awestrud, for 
weeks. 

When you finally reach the cluster 
of restaurants known as Puerto 
Nuevo, you have to choose between 
Ortega's numbers 1-8. Most UCSD 
students choose number 3, but 
number 1 is good for dancing. 
Number 3 is fun because you get to 
be waited on by a man who carries a 
gun. I have a theory about this guy. 
He's a Federale who forces Ortega to 
let him wait on tables to get the big 
tips while he's on duty, thus making 
two incomes for one day's work. 
Although they are called Federale.s, 
they have great entrepreneurial 
skills. 

On the day that I first went down 
to Mexico for lobster, I had asked 

ELIAS 
HAIR 
DESIGlY 

my friend if the lobster was good. 
"Are you kidding?" he asked me. 
"They're huge; some weigh over ten 
pounds." 

"Yes, but are they good?" 
"Of course," he said. "They weigh 

over ten pounds." I could not really 
argue with logic like this so I did not 
pursue the question. When I got my 
lobster, my paranoia instincts began 
to go wild. "Why, if this lobster is so 
good, is it not imported to San 
Diego? How come you do not see 
these lobster in the Ralph's 
aquarium?" Then my Bio 2 came 
back to haunt me: "Lobster, 
crustacia, arthropods, the crunchy 
skeleton known as chitin, BUGS. 
I'm eatin a Mexican bug that lives in 
the Mexican ocean and eats Mexican 
sewage." At that point my beer and 
margarita intake soared in 
comparison to my lobster intake, 
and thus the lobster went down 
easier. 

By the time my friends and I were 
done eating I had noticed it was very 
late. There was only one other group 
of people there. This was the same 
group of people that I always see 
whenever I go to Roberto's in Mira 
Mesa after midnight. I wondered if 
they hit both places in the same 
night. Anyway, I managed to avoid 
them as they were playing "Cheer 
the dumb, drunk bastard into doing 
another slammer" when we left. I fell 
asleep on the way home and missed a 
second look at Baja Malibu. Oh well, 
maybe I'll take the tour someday. 

'ree/." MiI'£ clds (or _ u~ (reg. S18) 
huWOII .tM/£ CMU for _II $JO (reg. SIS) 

Dfr«tloMl p£rrru U.5 (reg. '40) Sc.,Ipt_d """1"," KtJ SLIJ (reg. $40) 
"',,/c.,r£ It ~dlc.,~ $15 (reg. $28) ~"op""'e $15 (reg. $15) 

OM Ito", f."M /10111 UIJ (reg. $J5) 
One "0'" ~ IIOW $25 (reg. $35) 

Sp«i.li st5 in blM:k lull r 
A full service s.lon 

7608 Undi Visu Rd. (/'Ie» College Dr. a- 163) 16l1-lJ116.5 
1'1£111 salOll (formerly u JoII. C"lUng Co.) 737 Purl St..1JI .loll. 

U6·JJ70 U6· LIJU 

Sp«~ls good with MI with .selected sfIJlbu thTOllgh 11126/84 

' nUll'S. :'\:0\'. 15 
6-10 pm g9 

Sign up and detail5 at 
ConVDnvl8W Admlnl5tratl1J9 OIfices 

• 

Nov. 8, 1984 H.... 7 



TONiOIn, Thursday, November 8 9 pm 
Tickets available at Belly Up Tavern (, Ticketmaster 

Soul queen of rock (, roll 
Featured artist in 

Olympics opening ceremony 

ElTA 
JAMES 

AND THI! .JAJIIES GAJIIG 
with guests 

.JOKE & THI! BUlE F1AJIlE 

Friday, November 9 9:.30 pm 
Rock (, Roll with 

5ive lines up 
(formerly FOOR EYES) 

.~ 

Saturday, November 10 9: IS pm 
Rock cia SSIC 

SPENCER 
DAVIS 

with guests AERO DRIVE 
I "I d "'1tn Keep on Runmn 

li,tnll1t ')orne LOt'"l Teamed WIth 
5ttvlt' Winwood . Speoceor fMde bIg notse 
.n t~ Sixties B.tc-k by popular demand I 

Sunday, November I I 
6-9 pm - Belly Up and The San Diego Blues Organization present 

FIVE CARELESS LOVERS 
with this week's special guest 

WILLIAM CLARK 
930 pm-
Tickets available at 
Belly Up Tavern 
and Ticketmaster 

Blues legend 

WJI.I.IE 
DIXON 
AND THE CHICAGO 
BWES AU.*STAU 

W1UIE DtXON 1$ the mljor caylyst betWttn blues and rock musIC 04 toda),' A pertla l IIsung . 
Spoonful. The Ltttl~ Red Roo~cr. IJust W.a nt 10 "'lake LaurIa You, My 8dt>e. Back Door ""''', 'm 
Ready. Bnng lt on Home. ~n9 Dang Doodle. The I..'cnfh Son. 'm '(our Hoochle Cooc-hie Man, 
I Am I 5tJ/~it'ous. J Can' Qu,' You. Babe YOtf Shook '* Bwillor Com/on 

Wed nesday, November 14 9 pm 
A new rock [, roll band in town ... former members 

from BRATZ and DIRK DEBONAJRE 

NEON VANILLA 
Coming: Thursday, November I S 9 pm 

TICkets available at Belly Up Tavern (, Ticketmaster 

Coming : 

Grammy winners 

LOS 
L0808 
and guests 
THE BUT FARJIIIERS 

Thursday November IS- LOS LOBOS and THE BEAT FARMERS 
Friday: No\oO!mber 16-BlU.YVEItA .. THE BEATERS 

Sunday No\oO!mber 18- DOWI'Im JIkGIIEE .. THI! 
, BUIES IORVIVORS 

FREE AFnRNOON CONCERTS 
HAPPY HOUR PRICES 7 DAYS A WEEK TO 7 PM 

Friday, 5:)()'8 pm- CIDCAGO SIX 
Sunday, 6-9 pm - I'IVE CA .... E •• LOVERS with 

WILLIAM CLARK 
Wednesday, 6-8 pm- STONE'S THROW 

THE BELLY UP CAFE-NOW OPEN 
Yes, we finally got our retlaurant reopened and und:!!' out man.<Jgement .. . 

greet food .. , check it outl 

FORINFOIUlAUONCAU.481·90za 

8 Hiatlu Nov. 8 , 1984 

Movies 

The Little Drummer Girl 
wasn't enouah of a film. Not enough 
violence to satisfy the blood and guts 
people , Not enough James Bond 
gadgets to satisfy the technofreaks. 
Not enough love interest to interest 
the love~lost. Not enough reality for 
those who were anticipating a 
documentary of sorts on the 
Palestine-Israel conflict. Not enough 
morality or sermonizing for those 
who root for particular sides in that 
bloody war. Not enouah film for 
those who like adequate plotting. 

This was a shorthand movie 
dealing with complex themes and 
events, 

Klaus Killlki played Kurtz the 
spymaster, a role that made his 
portrayal of Dracula a warm and 
caring person. Diane Keaton played 
almost herself, .an American actress 
chosen to be a bait for a terrorist 
trap, and Yorgo Voyagis played the 
agent recruiter who traps Keaton's 

character into her part, and in the 
process falls in love. 

I'm not assigning blame, but 
almost everything in this film was 
below mediocre. It just wasn't good 
enough. 

* * * 

Michael Apted's Fint Born falls 
somewhere between Ordinary People 
and Frida, the 13th. A New England 
divorcee (T eri Garr) takes up with a 

down~and-out security systems 
salesman who deals cocaine on the 
side. The first born of the family, a 
cocky, worldly 16-year-old, doesn't 
approve. What starts as an attempt 
to delve into the decay and rebirth of 
the American middle-;::lass ends with 
a horror film-like brutalization of a 
family by an invading coke addict. 
The firstborn saves the day in a 
climatic, drawn-out battle. Yawn. 

j=====' MOVIE GUIDE=====:::;, 
Center Cinenuu 3 
1-8 at Stadium Wav, Mission Valley 
297-1888 

The Tmninaurr, The' Ravw's &l,ef Fir. 
Born, No Small Affair 
Cinema 21 
Hotel Circle, Miuion Valley at 1-8 
291-2121 

Places in lhe Heart. 
Cinerama 
5889 University Ave, 
583-6201 

Amadeus 
Clairemont 
-41-40 Qairemont Mesa Blvd, 
27+0901 

Th e Rator's Edge/ F irH Bo rn 
GhoJCbtule!'S / High Rood 10 China 
Cove 
7730 Girard Ave. 
-459-5-404 

Biter's Carmen 
F .. hion VaUey" 
110 Fashion Valley 
291-+404 

Nillhtmare on Elm Screer, Oh GJd Yow 
Devil, All of Me, Teacher, 
Fine Am 
1818 Garnet Ave. 
27+-4000 

The Gods Mw.rr Be CrllO 
The Guild 
3827 Fifth Ave. 
295-2000 

Choose M e 

La Jolla Vin.. .-
8819 Villa La Jou. Dr. 
453-7831 

Terror in the Aisle.s / Bod, Double Silent 
Madness - 3D, No S",,"l Affair, NiPm-c 
on Elm Screer 
1..0 ... 
3150 Roaecran. 
22+33+4 

A Soldier's Scm, 
Sporta Arena 6 
3350 Sports Arena Blvd, 
223-5333 

Tllief of Hearu/ The &tOt"s &lilt, 
Ghosrbsurers, Karate Kid, Bod, Double, Fin' 
Born, No SmDll Affair, Lowlina (III.,. 
.Nn,), 011 God. You Devil 
United Artiaa GI ... hoUie 6 
Gl ... holile Square 
223-2546 

Terror in lhe Aisles, Ulrle Drummer Girl, 
All of Me/ 'TTlCOftCilable Difft:'ft!fIaJ, 
TNChers, Tenninaror, Niihnnare on Elm 
SlTeer 
Univenity Towne Center 6 
-4525 La JoUa Villaae Dr. 
-452-7766 

All of Me/American Dreamer, 
Terminaror, Ulrle DNmmer Girl, Thief of 
Hearu/T-=hers, CIt GJd, You lJeyjl, 
Amadelu 

VaUey Circle 
Mission Valley Cent"r W"st 
297-3931 

Country 

• 

By MIKEL TOOMBS 

The Swimming Pool Q's 
The Swimminl Pool Q. 
A&M 

Opening for fabulous Lou Reed at 
the Fox Sunday, the Swimming Pool 
Qli ended their set with a smashing 
Chuck Berryesque tune called 
something like "I Got a Stingray, 
Made Out of Fiberglass." 
Highlighted by a midsong 
introduction reminiscent of Archie 
("Tighten Up") Bell and the Drells 
("from Houston, Texas")-"We're 
the Swimming Pool ~. . . from 
Atlanta . .. we love this country" 
(greater love hath no musician than 
to la y down the classic sounds of his 
country)-the raveup concluded 

Records 
with singer Jeff Calder's casually 
wrapping the mike cord around his 
neck. 

A band still paying dues (and 
playing blues), the low-budget Qli 
also endeared themselves by 
shamelessly hawking their debut 
album, a self~titled affair that turns 
out to be very promising, While not 
as fun as their concert, the record 
sounds at times remarkably (and at 
times R.E.M.arkably) like the 
Jefferson Airplane ("Sacrificial 
Altar") or even Judy Collins singing 
for Big Country ("Purple Rivers").· 
Their folk-roclcin' sound may be a 
bit too pat right now, but with more 
rousing songs like "Stingray" and 
"The Bells Ring," the Qi could be 
going places (and I don't mean North 
Carolina). 

1M Swimmina Pool Q'. Clre m4Jcing a .pllult in eM pqp mtuic ICtne. 

Eden 
Evervthina But The Girl 
Blanco y Negro (import) 

It was hard not to fall head over 
heels in love with Tracy Thorn 's 
1982 Distant Shore, eight songs 
about, well, falling head over heels in 
love. Thorn, then also one-third of 
the nautical-but-nice Marine Girls, 
used her folk chanteuse voice to give 
just enough weight to her intimate, 
diary like compositions, which 
abound with incisive observations 
such as "arguments just prove we're 
not the same." "I'm losing count but 
1 guess that your're still winning," 
she continued on Simpl, Couldn't 
Care, "How can you be so rational 
when my head is spinning?" 

Thorn then fell head over heels in 

, FrliIIIy, NovetllHr 9 
"'~: 
• 

lo ve with fellow Northumbrian Ben 
Watt, and the two teamed up to 
form Everything But The Girl 
Eden, their debut album (they also 
have a number of 12 inch singles , all 
highly recommended), may be the 
best non-American release of the 
year. (Over here, of course, they'd 
have to recleon with R .E.M .) 

Eden is far more ambitious than 
Disrant Shore, which was just a 
Marine Girl and her guitars, as Watt 
(a fine guitarist himself) provides 
arrangements that add jazz and pop 
elements to the duo's folk base. The 
results, while certainly not 
earthshaking, are often intriguingly 
successful, and have even earned 
them a hit single in Britain ("Each 
And Every Oneil). 

The lyrics on Eden (an ironic title, 
if ever there was one) are similarly 
ambitious, dealing mostly with 
falling out of love. The portraits the 

·1:'11-'dO /1M ScrumjJlioW 1I11/lh 
. . set'Wd by: nr. 10".". • ...",..., 

IocIIkd in Ibe May CmtIpany 
PlMuy's P"IIIIge . 

PINI', 

..t ~ $bow Y!Ju won 't 
$oon forgtt. 

Win a fantasy prize ptdIIge .. . 
or maybe II date witb YOUI' fllmrllr 

Cbippend.Man, 
:f, 

And yes, tbe /985 CbipjJendt114s. 
.. ritllendar wiU be availllllle too. 

pair paint are often bleak unflinching 
looks at fa iling relationships with 
titles like "The Dust Bowl" and 
" Bittersweet ." " Tender Blue" is 
especially ironic, with its gently jazzy 
playing and understated vocal turns 
by both Thorn and Watt belying the 
tale of a hopeless marriage. 

The best song here, though, is 
about falling both in and o ut oflove. 
In " The Spice Of Life," Thorn 
agonizes over having to sever a 
relationship - " You say that things 
will get better , but she would hate me 
in let her" - when something better 
comes along. " I thought that being 
apart would just bring us some 
va rie t y," s h e sings in her 
marvelously evocative style, "but 
now it seems dear that she's changed 
in a whole different way from me." 

Still, all 'is not paradise in 
Everything But The Girl's Eden. 
As they move toward more pop-
conscious material, Thorn and Watt 
have a tendency to lose the personal 
touch that mad e Distant Shore so 
special. This attitude was especially 
troublesome during a recent concert 
in England where despite a fi ne band 
that featured Philip Moxham (from 
the influential W elsh group Young 
Marble Giants ) on bass and 
drummer June Miles-Kingston (ex-
Modette and Fun Boy Three girl ), 
they turned in an uninspiring and 
even condescending performance. 
The low point came when their 
encores turned out to be just that-
they repeated two of their songs, 
prompting one woman to comment 
afterward, "That was naughty of 
them." 

(While Eden is available in most 
import sections, you'll probably 
have to ask for Distant Shore (Cherry 
Red import) at the local Tracey 
Thorn shrine, Lou's Records in 
Encinitas.) 

Nov. 8 , l~ HicUMI 9 



UCSD THEATRE Presents 

.. 'Second City' is brilliant." ,. Subtly & Superbly funny!" 
- T\.'\t ,,\Al;,\ZI~[ "'t." H11l1\1>(1'>1 

Touring 
Company 

• 
• 

November 10, Saturday, 8:00 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 

By Athol Fugerd 

Directed by Arthur Wagner 

MANDEVlUE RECITAl. HALL 

NOVEMBER 8-11, 15-18 
8 pm / 7 pm Sunday 

$4 /General / 452-4574 G.A. $9.00, Students $7.00 
UCSD Fac/Staff & Sr. Citizens $8.00 

~iTI\ON' <i)T£L£TI\ON" Ticlcts at Mlndell Weiss Center, 
& UCSD Box Office: 452-4559 UCSO University Events Box Oft\ce and Ticketron. 

'VIsa and Mastercard accepted. 
'---_ presented by UCSD University Events Office_--J 

lAtRICAN DRAMA ON FJ{ . ~ Winter 1985 A1 
e Public Enemy e Popi 
el am a Fugitive from a Chain Gang eThe Boys in the Band 
eMr. Deeds Goes to Town eThe Strawberry Statement 
eThe Philadelphia Story eDeliverance 
eCabin in the Sky eRepon to the Commissioner 

The motion picture, new to this century, has been shaped 
in large part by American theatre and film artists and by 
the experience of the United States as a nation. America's 
plays and films have reflected and disseminated both true' and 
false versions of American life, and profoundly influenced the 
lives we have lived in the past and are living today. 

"American Drama on Film" is a viewing of ten of these films 
from the 30's to the present, examining them as works of art 
and as having an impact on our society. 

eTaught by Professor Luther James, Film Director 
Drama 159, American Drama on' Film TTh 4-5:50p.m. HL 1205 

10 Hiacw Nov. 8, 1984 

• , 

- Goings on -
AuditioN for the Revelle 

musical will be held Saturday at 
10 am in Why Not Here! The 
play. Dark Side of the Moon, will 
be staged later in the year. 455. 
0853. 

* * * An exhibition of Theodore 
Waddell'. paintin,s and 
drawinil of the put three yean 
will be on view in the 
Mandeveille Art Gallery through 
December 9. 452·2864. 

* * * Trelawny of the Weill, 
Arthur Wing Pinero's tale of the 
contrasts which exist between 
backstage theater and the 
aristocracy in Britain and how a 
young woman copes with the 
two, will be staged at the Mandell 
Weiss Center for the Performing 
Arts through Sunday. 452 .... 574. 

* * * The highly acclaimed 
Guarneri StriDi Quartet will 
perform Friday in Mandeville at 
8 pm. The quartet will perform 
works by Haydn, Schumann and 
Schubert. 452 .... 559. 

* * * The San Die., Symphony 
opens its 1984/85 season 
tonight, Thursday, with the 
works of Brahms and Walton . 
David Atherton will conduct and 
Andre Watts will be the solo 
pianist. 236-6510. 

w w * 
The UCSD Drama Depart· 

ment will present Athol Fugard's 
treatise on apartheid, A LeNon 
From Aloea, tonight through 
Sunday in Mandeville Recital 
Hall at 8 pm. The play is set in 
Port Elizabeth, South Africa, in 
1963. 452·3793. 

Pian itt Betty Obencker 
will present an all Bach recital on 
the Bosendorfer Grand Plano 
Sunday at 3 pm. The concert will 
feature Toccata in D Major, 
Chromatic Fantasia and Fugue in 
d minor and other favorite Bach 
standards. It will be held in 
Mandeville. 452·3229. 

* * * 

Painter Richard Shaffer will 
diacuas his works and his choice 
of elements in painting. The 
lecture is being sponsored in 
conjunction with an exhibition 
of Shaffers recent work das 
Ereignis, now on display at La 
Jolla Museum of Contemporary 
Art. The lecture will be Tuesday 
at 8 pm. 454.3~1. 

Sonor. opening concert of the year is perhaps the 
largest group of flutes to ever be assembled in one place, at 
one time. The concert's featured piece will be a 
performance of SoUberger's "Kilapata Chaskapata," a 
piece written for 12 fl utes. This concert is the first of the 
UCSD Music Department's series of Wednesday 
Evenings in Mandeville and will be presented, of all days, 
Wednesday at 8 pm. Admission is $4 general and $1 for 
students and seniors. 452·3229. 

* * * 
, After a long wait, Speru:er 

Davl. h&8 come out of 
retirement and will be 
performing at the Belly·Up 
Tavern in Solana Beach. Spencer 
Davis and the Spencer Davis 
Group are fondly remembered 
for bringing us the timeless hit 
"Gimme Some Lovin.'" The 
concert begins at 9 pm. 481. 
SHOo 

* * * In one of its last concerts 
before changing ownership, The 
Fabulous Rodeo will present the 
LA new wave band The BUI 
Bov-. The Bus Boys made 
history as being the first all blac.k 
nu-wave band. 457·5590. 

* * * 

The San Diego Gilbert and 
Sullivan Company will stage the 
nautical satire HMS Pinafore at 
the Casa Del Prado theater in 
Balboa Park Fridays and 
Saturdays through November 
25. 239-8836. 

* * * The LoI Anlelet Philhar-
monic, in a rare San Diego 
appearance, will play at the San 
Diego Civic Theater with the 
works of Beethoven and 
Schoenberg Saturday at 8 pm. 
236-6510. 

* * * 
There will be a major bash at 

Mira Costa College Saturday 
featuring video music and the 
upcoming talents of the local 
band This Kids. Representatives 
from the 91X TV Show and Pam 
Wolfe will be handing out 
goodies to the lucky few. 721. 
6362. 

~ Check it out 
The Second City 

Comedy Troupe is 
famous for bringing to us 
such talents as Joan 
Riveri, Bill Murray, Dan 
Aykroyd, John Belushi, 
John Candy and the list 
goes on like a Who's Who 
of the entertainment 
industry. The current 
Second City Troupe has a 
syndicated television 
show and is touring the 
US with a live production 
that more than lives up to 
the legacy left by its 
predecessors. 

Saturday'S upcoming 
Second City shows will 
premiere the troupe's 
talents to the San Diego 
audience. The show is 
somewhere between 
National Lampoon and 
Monty Python. The 
laughs begin at 8 pm in 
Mandeville. Tickts are $7 
for students and $9 
general admission. 452· 
4559. 

If you would like an 
event included in Goings 
On please send it to 8-oz6, 
UCSD, La. Jolla, 92093 ar 
call 452'3466. The 
deadline far listings is 
Monday at noon. 

The Novels of 
Dashiell Hammett ile 

Lit/Gen 159 
Popular Literature 
Dectective Fiction: The Novels of Dashiell Hammett 
Lec A W 7:00-9:50 HSS 1330 cc6333 
Instructor: Sinda Gregory 

" 

lADIES OF THE 
KNIGHTS 

When you hear the expression. 
"Uidies of the Night: the first thing 
that comes to mind probably isn't 
Men's AM Volleyball, But for 
Captain George Knights and his 
"Uidies." Volleyball is their main 
concern on Tuesday night. The 
Uidies met DOA this week and 
scored an impressive win to move 

into second place in their league. 
Not only did they play well. but the 
Lad ies' improm~tu comedy 
routines kept the sparse crowd 
amused throughout the match. 
Congratulations guys on 'being 
named Lite Beer 1M Team of the 
Week. 

Nov. 8, 1984 HiahU 11 



UCSD Theatre 
1984-85 Season 

Mandell Weiss Center for the Perfonning Arts 
ExPLORATIONS IN THFATRE 

THAT SIGNAL NEW DIRECTIONS 
FOR THE DRAMATIC ARTS 

FALL 

TRELAWNY OF THE ''WELLS'' 
An unabashedly sentimental comedy 
about life in the thearre that "sparkles 
with wit ... with just the right 
combination of bubbly farce and 
hearts-and-flowers romance. " 
Starring Eric Christmas. 
October 31 - November 11 

W,NTER 

THE POSSESSED 
New York director Walton Jones 
adapts Dostoevsky's novel in 
collaboration with designer Richard 
Riddell. Walton Jones is the 
celebrated regional and Broadway 
director who premiered John 
Pielmeier's "Agnes of God," winner of 
Best Play in 1980 at Actor's Theatre of 
Louisville. 
February 6-17 

SPRING 

CURSE OF THE 
STARVING ClASS 
Sam Shepard's powerful play a1?out a 
family that is starving-not so much 
for food, but for life-is arresting in 
both its crudity and tenderness. 
Called a "work of eloquent intensity 
and whirlwind farce .... " 
May 1-12 

PLUS A BONUS OF IWO GRADUATE REPERTORY PLAYS 
The Chinese operetta "Shachiapang" and Barrie Keeffe's 
bawdy satire "Frozen Assets," playing on alternate evenings 

March 5 - 1 7. See the same actor play different roles in two productions! 

'S Plays for Only $18! 
r-----------------------------------------------~-----------------~ o PLEASE SEND ME A COPY OF THE SUBSCRIPTIONS: : 

1984-85 SEASON BROCHURE RIGHT AWAY! # of Preview subscriptions or Student s I 
NAME subscriptions .,--at 518 I 
ADDRESS ____________________________ __ 

CITY _________ ZIP CODE _________ _ 

PHONE # (DAY) ______ (~) _______ _ 
DAY OF ATIENDANCE: (Wrilt 1 for first choice, 2 for second choice) 

# of UCSD Faculty/Staff S I 
subscriptions __ at 523 : 
# of Regular subscriptions __ at 525 S I 
HANDLING CHARGE S 1.00 I 

TOTAL 

METHOD OF PAYMENT: 

I 
s I 

I 
I 

Week One: __ PreVIew· _ 11,·· (Opening) _ fr _ Sa _ u _ Visa __ MaSlerCard _ # Exp.DalC-- I 
Week Two: _ Th _ fr _ Sa U _ Check enclosed (Payable to U.c. Kegents) I 
·PreVIew su6scription tickets are ~ot eliglbl for exchange and seating IS nOI reserved. MAIL TO: UCSD Drama De t.,8-0.... LaJolla : 
Previews are on Wednesday ~enlll~. ., 093. Or p" 
•• friend of the fheatre receIve pnont)' conSIderation for Openlllg NIght. for funher 0 9/ 2 charge by phone to : 
infonnalion call"52-379J. Vasa MasterCard at 452-3793. ~-----------------------------------------------------------------~ 

12 Hiatw Nov. 8, 1984 


