
. ~~ 

( , 

~$} ~/ 
~). 

.-T,. ~ 

, 

AI:r~~-" , )' 
I l II 

• J 

1....,/ . 
I 

. " 

DEMAND EMPlOYEES' R/Gt-I~ 

- .' ,~ ., .. ... 

.. .. .. . -- .. < 

. , . 

See story page 7.' 



What? Watt here? 'The reason I'm so 
controversial is that I stand for change ." 
said James Watt, former Secretary of the 
Interior. Watt, who resigned last fall 
after a controversy over his 
characterization of the people he had 
appointed to a government panel, has 
not always been one of the most sought-
after speakers on the nation's campuses, 
especially considering his command for 
a S15,OOO honorarium and fees . 
Fortunately for UCSD, Watt will be 
featured at SDSU on Monday, March 19, 
at 7:30 pm in the Open Air Theatre 
(admission is $3). Watt will discuss 
"The Raging Controversy: Preservation 
vs. Development." For more in [ormation , 
call 265-6947. 

o 
Coors controversy returns as outraged 

leaders of Denver's Black community 
insisted Friday that William Coors 
insulted the entire race when he 
denegrated the intelligence of Blacks in 
Africa. In a speech to minority business 
owners, Coors attributed the economic 
problems in Black-governed Africa to a 
-lack of Intellectual capacity." Calling 
America the "land of opportuniry," he 
said , ' One of the best things they Islave 
tradersl d id for you [Blacks ] was to drag 
your ancestors over here in chains." 

. 0 --

Laughing in the Nuclear Age: The 
fran & Charlie Comedy Show will be 
playing friday", March 16, at Bpm at the 
Old Town Education Center. Fran &: 
Charlie are pioneers jn the genre of 
nuclear comedy. Their topical sketches 
affirm the absurdity of the nuclear 
situation and other aspects of 
contemporary life. for more 
information , call 297-8437. 

o 
Gov. Oeukmejian has announced the 

appointment of Thomas Dean to the 
CalifornIa Postsecondiuf Education 
Committee. De.an, a retired captain in 
the US Naval Reserve, was an 
administrator in the CSULB Industrial 
Education Department. He is a 
Republican and previously was an 
assistant professor of industrial 
education at Iowa State University. 

o 
Summer Intemships with the 

Academy of Television Arts & Sciences 
are available for full-time college and 
university students to provide in-depth 
exposure to professional television 
production facilities , techniques and 
practices. The deadline [or submission 
of preliminary applications is April 6. 
Fc.;· further information, call (BIB) 506-
7880. 

o 
Study in Europe, through UCSD 

1968 ... 
We, the graduate students of the 

Department of Literature, believe that 
any mej1lber of the University 
community has the right and the duty 
to express himself on matters of 
national importance. We are deeply 
disturbed that the chairman of the 
department, Dr. Roy Harvey Pearce, has 
been asked to apologize fo r taking a 
recent action which , in effect, criticized 
the war in Viemam. We applaud Dr. 
Pierce. 
1969 ... 

Dr. Herbert York, former chancellor 
and now chairman of the PhYSICS 
Department at UCSD, testified .in 
Washingwn Tuesday m opposition to 

Extension European study/ tour. The 
extension offIce invites interested 
travelers of all ages to attend a free 
introduction meeting to this European 
Experience '84 tour on Saturday, March 
17, from 9- 11 am in University 
Extension Classroom 2. To reserve a 
spot, contact 452-3444. 

o 

Why Not Here? now features amateur 
night every Monday from 8:30-11 pm. 
Participants will receive free food as 
they sing for their supper. Why Not 
Here is located south of the Revelle 
Cafeteria. For the talented (and 
hungry?) please contact the Revelle 
resident dean, x3026 . 

o 
Letterism, an avant-garde art 

movement which was founded on the 
belief that human crisis is ultimately 
linked to the conuption of language, 
began the first large-scale showing in 
tl:le United States at Mandeville Art 
Gallery on March 10. The exhlbiton, 
called "Letterism: Into the Presem" will 
run through April 15. 

o 
The Center for Music Experiment at 

UCSD has scheduled a series of 
Computer Music Demonstrations for 
March IS, April 19 and May 17. Each 
demonstration will start promptly at B 
pm at CME, 408 Warren Campus. There 
is no charge for admission, and all 
demonstrations are open to the public. 

o 
Graduate education by video is in the 

process of experimentation by the 
College of Engineering at SDSU. With 
the aid of a S1) ,480 grant from General 
Dynamics, the class is broadcast from a 
special classroom wired for two-way 
audio and one-way video transmitted 
directly to me General Dynamics/ Keamy 
Mesa plant Three-camera transmission 
focuses on the chalkboard , the class and 
a ny given individual's r1esk. 

o 
Immigration may no longer anribute 

the positive elements into American 
society that it once had, according to 
Or. Nathan Glazer, who will be lecturing 
on the issue March 14, at 4 pm. Dr. 
Glazer, a renowned scholar on ethniC 
a nd racial issues, who co-authored with 
Daniel Patrick MOYnIhan the ground-
b reaking book Beyond the Melting Pot, 
has titled his lecture 'The New 
Immigration: A Challe nge to American 
Society." The lecture will be held a t the 
Main Stage Theate r of SDSl,J 's Dramatic 
Arts BuildlOg. Tickets will be available at 
the Main Stage Box Offi ce on March 12 

'and 13, as well as on the d ay of the 
show. 

the anti-ballistic missile system. York 
said that because of the short decis ion-
making time scale, it "requires thal life 
and death decisions be made by 
automatic machines ," whic h require "a 
hair trigger so that it can cope wilh a 
surprise attack and a 'stiff trigge r so that 
it wiU never go o rr aCC identally, which I 
believe are coniradictory requirements." 
1970 .. . 

A grove of eucalyptus trees located 
southeast of the Central Library may 
soon become one of the most beautiful 
sites on campus. The area has been 
designated as a memorial to Muir 
College graduate George Winne, who set 
himself on fire in Revelle Plaza last 
spring as a personal protest against the 

UC Lobby Conference Stirs Issues 
By STEVEN R. FRIEDMAN 

UCSD boasted 12 student representatives at the annual UC Student Lobby 
Legislation Conference last month - more than any other UC campus. 
Interested students from $MC, CalPIRG, Associated Students, the UCSD Lobby 
Annex and the Muir College Council 'took part in the lWo-day affair that gave 
students a clpse-up view of the state political process and UC-related issues. 

The conference also served to educate student leaders about the UC budget, 
educational policies and student fee structures. UCSD students also seized the 
opportunity to lobby legislators from San Diego on key issues that effect 
students, such as the proposed California verSion of the "Solomon Bill" which 
seeks to link state financial aid to draft registration. 

"The first day entailed workshops concerning dirrerent issues: ruition and 
fees, affirmative action, higher education and financial aid," said AS 
Commissioner of Appointments and Evaluations Marc Boroditsky. Experts on 
the various topics as well as representatives from the office of UC President 
Gardner, Student Body Presidential Commission, the state legislation analyst's 
office and the recently-appointed UC Student Regent, fred Gains, addressed 
the conference. 

One of the most volatile issues discussed was bill AB 2570 that proposes to 
prohibit financial aid to those students who have not complied with the Military 
Selective Service ·Act. The UC Lobby organization presented its arguments 
opposing the bill, and solicited support from the respective campuses. The UC 
Lobby asserted that the constitutionality of the proposed law is pending a 
decision by the Supreme Court, and thus should not be enacted in California. 
The lobby also said that the law is inherently sexist as it affects only males. 
- Kim Paulus, CalPIRG chairperson, addressed other discriminatory elements 
in the bill that are not often recognized by legislators. "Economically well-off 
students can go to school withQut registering for the draft," said the UCSD 
junior, "but less economically well-off students who need financial aid won't be 
able to go to school if they don't register." 

Anodi'er aspect of financial aid was discussed, as a bill that proposes to 
restructure th~ whole financial aid system is scheduled to be discussed in 
legislature this week. Regardless of whether or not a student receives some form 
of financial aid , every student pays for those who do receive aid through student 
fees. If AB 3539 passes, the burden of paying for financial aid wiu be switched 
from students to the state. Currently, UC Students pay for over $50 million in 
financial aid , while State University and Community College students pay 
none. 

"What i.s wrong with this is that financial aid pays the state back a lot more 
than any other welfare-type program there is," said Boroditsky, "in the sense 
that you increase the eaming potential for all those people who go through the 
University system. So it comes back to the state in the fonn of taxes in the 
future .. . so why should students pay for financial aid?" 

The- state of the UC budget, as proposed for the '84-'85 fiscal year by 
Deukmejian, was critically evaluated by the Lobby Conference experts . A report 
submitted by Boroditsky and Muir College Council Chair Mary Rose Alexander 
on theconference , concluded that although the governor has made education a 
top priority in his state budget, the 30% proposed increase in the UC budget is -
actually minimized by one-third because 10% of those monies are directed to 
' catch-up" on past University cuts. 

"In addition, as far as individual students are concemed, Govemor 
Deukmejian's proposed $70 fee decrease may not be relevant," the report states. 
"The UC Regents have ultimate authOrity over the allocation and fee structure 
determining the usage of these monies." UCSD Lobby Annex Director Jeff 

war in Indochiha. Development of the 
site began this quarter with visual alts 
professor Michael Todd and an 
undergraduate who goes by one name, 
Canole, who said, ·We c hose the site 
because one felled eucalyptus (ree gave 
birth to seven new trees from its 
branches. This symbolized Winne's 
efforts to activate other students." 
1975 .. . 

Believing that lack of student input 
into academic areas is due to the 
apathetiC tendencies and non-
organization of students, a group of 
political science majors attempting to 
alleviate this situation withIn their own 
department has formed the Political 
Science Students Union. Building a well-
rounded department and employing 
"good educators" were considered 
primary goals . 
1976 ... 

"Impenalism is going to lose ," 
according to Doug Poner, a writer for 
Counterspy magazine. Poner spoke at 
UCSD Thursday night 10 a program 
sponsored by the Anti-CIA Coalition . 
The presentation, entitled "The Rise and 
Fall of the CIA," also featured talks by 
Cookie Manhoney and George 
Katsiaficas, twO of the students charged 
with Violations of University regulations 
during UC President Saxon's November 
25 visit to UCSD. 
1977 ... 

The UCSD bicycle shop controversy 
is even being felt in Sacramento. Last 

please tum to page 10 

week, Sena.tor John Stull led an 
unsuccessful attempt to block the 
confirmation of Vilma MartlOez as a 
Regent of the Universiry of California, 
charging that her suppon of student run 
business is evidence of her opposition 
to the free enterprise system. Stull 
argued the UCSD bicycle shop should 
serve only the UCSD clientele and stay 
out of public trade. 

1978 ... 
A group of 25 demonstrators 

assembled at Universiry House Friday 
evening just after 7 pm to present a list 
of demands to Chancellor William 
McElroy, concerning the future of day 
care facilities on the UCSD campus. The 
move followed a four-hour sit-IO at the 
Chancellor's olTice .protesting McElroy'S 
disclosure last week that a private 
organization might be sought to operate 
the UCSD child care center. 

1981... 
Over 3,000 green ribbons have been 

distributed here and over $500 in 
donations was collected in three days as 
an expression of sympathy and concern 
for the families of 20 black children 
slain by a stiD-unknown killer in Atlanta. 
"The grel;n ribbons Isymbolizmg life I are 
pinned on in an upside-down V as in 
indication of oUr concern about the 
murders: said a member of the crusade, 
sponsored by the Black Students Union 
and the Student Center Board. 

- Christopher Canole 

Mun Ii 12. 198-1 3 
NEWS " 

, • ~ 'U. U ;.; • .,. .,'. OJ 1"'~.' ~> 'v . ;*.' ~ ,', ,,,., '.-' , .~. " .... :' .-x "'<~ . ~ .. ~'~ ~., '. . -' . 

Campus 
parking 
revamped 
By KRISTIN DONNAN 

A senes of complaims from faculiy, 
dealing with a lack of parking spaces, 
led to a "hard look" at the parking 
situation on campus, according to 
George Himmel, aSSistant vice 
chancellor of business affairs. The 
shortage of red parking 'Spaces drove 
faculty IOto green staff spaces, which, 10 
rum , sent staff into the yellow student 
spaces, Himmel said, a move thut forced 
many students to park orr-campus. 

The "substantial pressure" caused by 
space-snatching led not only to "virtually 
full · parking lots, but to many Illegal 
parkers, Himmel said. The scrutiny of 
the situation "indicated several 
problems: whose solutions were best 
remedied by what Himmel called "more 
of everything." 

Some lots have already been altered LO 
serve differently-stickered drivers than 
they did before , and new lots have been 
built. Several are also planned, according 
to Robert Umstead, parking manager. 

Concerns lie 10 the safety of faculty 
who work after hours, Himmel said. 
They must have access LO well-lighted 
lots at night. Himmel presented his 
overall campus plan, which results in 
the addition of parking facilities , 
yielding an extra 90 "A: 152 "B" and 13 
"S" spots. Through the contributions of 
lots that are either in place now or 
under construction, this total will be IB3 
"A", 100 "B" and 470 "S." When the 
planned additions are also functioning, 
there will be a total of 623 new "A," 552 
- B" and 1433 new "S" parking spaces. 

On the horizon for UCSD are a multi-
level parking structure and a shuttle 
which will provide easy access from 
outlying parking lots to inner campus, 
Himmel said. The planning and 
institution of these additions is 
dependent on a campus-wide 
circulation and parking study, along 
with considerations of UCSD's future 
growth. These prOvisions necessitate 
Himmel's and Umstead's planning 
ahead up to five years , w.hich means 
they must calculate funding through 
present parking sticker fees, they said. 

Among (he first changes to take place 
is the conversion of the Mandeville , 
Revelle -Urey Hall and Basic Science 
Building lots to "A" (red / faculty) 24- hour 
towlOg-enforced lots. Himmel pOimed 
out that both the small lot behind the 
Humanities Library and the School of 
Medic ine lot have been converted to "6" 
and "A" and "B," respectively, while the 
road between the Central Cashier and 
the quonset huts is reserved for "A" 
stickers . 

Though many of the inner-campus 
parking lots are focusing on faculty and 
starr, the upper Muir parking lot will 
accommodate twO more rows of student 
vehicles , Himmel said . Also , a new lot 
across Russel Drive from the Credit 
Union has been constructed for "B" and 
"S" stickers. 

The locations of further planned 
parking lots for students is a topiC about 
which Himmel says he "expects some 
static." Two lots are foreseen for Third 
CoDege , one north of .the existing large 
lor, and one east of the access road 
feeding to Third . Himmel spoke of two 
others which will serve the new 
apartments at Warren. In the distant 
future are three more student lots, 
planned adjacent LO University 
ExtenSion, the Mandell Weiss Center 
and the School of Medicine. 

Two considerations affect the building 
of a parking structure on campus. One 
is the idea that parkIng lots can be 
viewed as temporary measures, LO 
"expand and contract" with growth and 
usage. That is, they can be placed in 
prime locations for future buildings in 
the interior of UCSD, which solves 
sholt-term parking problems and 
accommodates future development. If a 
structure is built, it will have to stay put, 
which "forecloses that process: Himmel 
said. 

Umstead suggested that the other 
considerations includes the probable 
conclusion of the clrculation study, 
which may indicate that the inner 
campus be reserved for pedestrians and 

please turn to page 10 

SOFT CONTACT' LENSES 
in 
most cases 

INCLUDES: 
Contact lenses, examination, 
patient training, follow up, 
chemical care kit and fitting, 
EXTENDED WEAR LENSES 
ONLY tI65.oo 

. THE CLASSICAL EYE 
DR. ROBERT HEWR OP1~.nJ~STI 

La Jolla Village Square 
(Inside the Mall; Lower Level) 

8651 Villa La Jolla Drive • Suite 136 
451-7374 

Hydrocurve elCtended wear lenses aveiletH. 

Planned 
and 

proposed 
parking 
changes 

Singer campaigns 
for Hart at UCSD 
By MICHAEL PARTOS 

Famed singer Carole King visited 
UCSD last week, campaigning for 
Senator Gary Hart. Through the cffolts 
of KSDT radio station , King gave a s hort 
but inspirational talk in the North 
Conference Room of the student center 
Wednesday afternoon. Channel 10 news 
was on hand to record the event , which 
drew a large crowd of students. 

King avoided political issues in a 
speech that dealt with d,e power and 
importance of the individual in the 
democratic process. She encouraged 
students to register and vote and to take 
an active palt this election year. 

Said King, in a voice that at times 
sounded lyrical, -A lot of peo ple feel like 
they don't have a chance to accomplish 
their dreams. There's been a feeling of 
apathy in the country .... People feel that 
their voice doesn't coum or that no one 
wants to hear what they have to say. I 
know a lot of students are concerned 
because they're wondering what they're 
going to do after school or wondering If 
they're even going to be able to afford to 
be in school. 

-You should never let fear of a 
negative outcome stop you from moving _ 
in new directions. You have only to try 
and keep on trying as long as it takes." 

This is King's second venture into 
politlcs. In 1972, she did a benefit 
concert for Senator George McGovern. It 
was at that time that she met Hart , who 
was managing McGovern's campaign for 

the preSidency. Sunday night, she did a 
similar concert fo r Hart at the Fox 
Theater in San Diego. King called Hart a 
-can -do person ," and she is confident 
that he will win the Democratic 
nomination and go on to defeat Ronald 
Reagan in ovember. 

Han, who is a highly respected 
member of the Senate Armed Services 

Commiq~e, the Senate Budget 
Committee and the Senate Environment 
and Public Works Committee, is known 
for his "New Ideas" approach to the 
issues. He has been especially popular 
with younger voters, but he is now 
gaining suppOrt from a larger range of 
voters. Hart recently defeated fo rmer 
from-runner Walter Mondale in New 
Hampshire , Vermont and Maine 
contests. Halt believes nuclear arms 
co ntrol should be our highest national 
priom y and advocates a freeze on all 
nuclear weapons. Hart has consistently 
opposed Reagan's actions on South 
American policy, and he opposes open-
ended military aid LO EI Salvador. He is 
endorsed by the American Civil 
Liberties Union as having the best civil 
liberties record in the Senate. Hart also 
led the Senate against cuts in education 
funding. 

King finished her speech by urging 
each student to "make a difference not 
only in your own life , but in the whole 
world .... If yo u work to make a 
difference in your own life , you will 
make a difference to the world ." 

..----- UCSD Events Office presents 

SUSAN 

SONTAG 

April 2, Monday, 7:30 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 

G.A. 55.50, St. & Sr. 53.50 
UCSD Box Office cSr Ticketton: 432-4559 _~ 



4 March 12, 1984 
OPI~ION 

. . . ~'"'' ~ ... " ...... .' .. ,.... .... .. .. .... . . 

CommentalY-

Graduate Student Union is 
making its demands known 
By GREG SCHULTZ 

On January 31 , 1984, 
California Assemblyman Tom 
Bates agreed to sponsor a bill 
amending the 1979 Higher 
Education Employer-Employee 
Relations Act (HEERA) in order 
to guarantee collective bargaining 
rights to academically employed 
UC students. The Association of 
Graduate Student Employees 
(AGSE), a Berkeley graduate 
student employee union. seeks to 
clarify certain vague provisions 
in HEERA which the Universiry 
administration has been 
invoking in an effort to deny 
AGSE's 1,200 members their 
rights to union representation 
and collective bargaining. (See 
cover story. pg. 7). 

AGSE formed in 1983 to 
combat steady student fee 
increases, which have doubled 
since 1978 but had not been 
accompanied by commensurate 
pay increases. Si~ce graduate 

students pay fees. fee Increases 
actually constitute pay cuts. 

AGSE seeks to provide 
graduate student employees with 
a greater influence in 
determining the terms and 
conditions of their employment 
in hopes of improving the 
quality of edu~ation at the 
UniverSity of California. If 
graduate students are overWorked 
and underpaid. then the quality 
of instruction they provide -can 
only suffer. This would be a 
serious menace to the UC 
system. 

For instance. on the Berkeley 
campus, it has been estimated 
that graduate students account 
for roughly half of the total 
instructional contact time with 
undergraduates. The University 
clearly cannOt afford to allow this 
instruction to deteriorate . 

AGSE has been conducting 
negotiations with the University 

administration . To date . the 
university has acceded to AGSE's 
demand that an installment plan 
for the payment of fees be 
instituted . The university has 
also promised to appoint a "late 
paycheck expediter" to help 
remedy the chronic problem of 
late pay, and has agreed to give 
all graduate student employees 
the hitherto obscure and guarded 
campus grievance procedures 
along with precise job 
descriptlons. Through these 
meetings , AGSE was able to 
convince University officials that 
graduate students are underpaid . 
and also that the olTicials should 
do whatever possible to ensure 
the reversal of the steady 
deterioration of graduate student 
employees' financial status. 

However. administration 
refuses to acknowledge that 
employed graduate students are 
in fact employees. The 

University's pOSition is that the 
money paid to teaching and 
research assistants. acting 
instructors. readers and the like. 
is not a salary or a wage. but a 
stipend. 

That most graduate slUdents 
pay income taxes on such 
remuneration - and income 
taxes. of course. are nOt 
deducted from financial aid 
stipends - clearly belies this 
assertion. By refusing to concede 
that academicaUy employed 
graduate students are employees, 
the University hopes to deny 
them union representation. In 
short. the University would like 
to define AGSE out of existence. 

AGSE assumes. however. that . 
it will not only endure but 
prevail The unton has opened a 
two-front assault on the 
University's position . 

pltast turn to pagt .5 

II ceilit~lf ~ II <ei.tit<elf ~ II ~ilit<e If ~ n ceitit ce If ~ll <eitit <elf ~ll <e i.tit<elf ~ n <eilit<elf ~ll <ei.tit<elf ~ll ~ilit<eIr ~ 
itceIr~lettersll~ilit~lf~n®ilit®lf~n~ilit®lf~n®itfr<elf~ll<eilit<elf~ll~ilit<elf~ll<eitit®Ir~n~~ 
lf~n®ilit<elf~n®ilit~Ir~ll®frit®lf~ll<eilit®lf~n<eilit~lf~ll<efrit<elf~ll<ei.titcelf~ll®fdtcelf~ll<eilitce 
II ®frtt®lf~ll ®i.tit®lf~ll ceilit®lf ~llcefrfr®lf~ n <efrfr<elf~ll ceilitcelf~ll<eilit®lf~llceilit~lf~ll®frfr<elf II 
Editor: 

Your arti.:;le l March 8) headed 
"Housing mumble jumble killing 
the coUege system" was 
faScinating. It started with some 
very inaccurate data , and from 
that drew conclusions which are 
simply invalid. Nonetheless, the 
article made for fascinating 
reading. Might I be permitted to 
intetject some facts? 

The Housing Task Force, to 
which your article referred , 
reached a number of agreements, 
virtually aU of them designed to 
strengthen the college system. 
Included amongst these premises 
was agreement that students 
from any college should be 
housed at the fewest number of 
sites possible, Warren students 
this year live in the Matthews 
dorms, Matthews apartments. 
Mesa apartments. Revelle dorms. 
Muir dorms and Muir 
apartments; next year. they'll be 
consolidated into two locations: 
the new apartment complex. 
with overflow of going into the 
Revelle dorms. Improvements for 
the other colleges next year are 
similar. if less dramatic, 

The new apartment complex 
will be IIsed for und ergraduates 
only. There will be a net gain for 
married students , single parents 
and graduate students. in that 
undergraduates will vacate the 
270 or so beds they currently 
occupy in the Mesa apartments. 
The net gain for undergraduates 
sterns from the fact that they 
acquire all 844 spaces in the new 
apartment complex. One note 
which current students should 
take into account is that the 
Matthews dorms (and . once 
constructed. the Matthews 
apartments) have histoncally 
been the fir$[ home of each 
college when it opened. In the 
past . the Matthews residential 
faCIlities have · belonged .... in 
tum, [0 Revelle . Muir. Third and 
currently Warren College. The 

opening of a new. college-sized 
complex presented the 
opportunity· to give Warren a 
more permanent. much larger 
home base than what they 
currently "enjoy" at Matthews. 

In addition to the 
Improvements for Warren (a net 
increase of about 200 beds. with 
the great majority of them in one 
brand-new. all-apartment 
complex). each of the other three 
colleges benefits from the 
housing scheme for next year, 
Muir and Third will ntl their own 
residence haUs with only their 
own students, an improvement 
<Ner the current situation . Revelle 
fills as many beds at Revelle as it 
realistically can. with its own 
students. All three colleges have a 
net gain in beds (Third gains all 

I of the Matthews dorms; Revelle, 
all of the Matthews apartments; 
and Muir, 70 beds at each new 
apartment complex and at 
ReveUe). 

I hope that the foregOing helps 
put next year's housing 
distribution ina brighter light. 
Overall, I believe that the plans 
represent an improvement for 
each individual college. and a . 
strengthening (not weakening) of 
the college systems at UCSD. I'll 
leave without comment any 
question about the aesthetics of 
the new apartment complex. 

Chips Dreilinger 
Dean/ Muir; Acting Dean/Warren . 

Editor: 
I recently dr<Ne into the Urey 

HaU parking lot with the Idea In 
mind to feed a parking meter 
and save myself some legwork. 
Much ro my dismay. twO rows of 
my coin sucking friends had 
yellow bags over thetr heads. like 
prisoners awaiting execution. 
Seeing no metered spaces 
available (ironicaUy. both bagged 
rows were devoid of cars). I 
headed for the row of meters 
adjacent ro the Revelle Deli. Alas, 

these meters had their heads cut 
off already. Was this some 
pUnishment for their thieving 
ways? No. I soon discovered. 
This was a response to a faculty 
complaint of inadequate "A" . 
parking near Urey Hall. 

I ha\'e been watching these 
two rows of bagged meters for 
the past week and have yet [0 
see an "A"-stickered car parked 
there. In fact . at any given time. 
you can see dozens of "A" 
parking Spots waiting in the I?t. 

And what, you may ask. finally 
prompted this letter? Was it the 
obviously wasted parking spaces 
standing empty while cars 
circled the few remaining meters 
like sharks around a lifeboat? 
Was it the horrible sight of those 
one-dialed bandits trembling 
under their bags? No' It was the 
fine print on the new signs that 
have been planted throughout 
the lor: "These regulations 
enforced 24 hours a day. 7 days 
a week." This means that at low 
use times (how many professors 
come into campus for an 11 pm 
volleyball game or a Sunday 
afternoon study session?) not 
only can you get a ticket, but 
they threaten to row your car 
away. 

This situation is not only 
unfair, inefficient and 
inconvenient. it is potentially 
dangerous. I would much rather 
my wife attend a nighttime 
sporting event via a weU traveled, 
reasonably well lit path than 
trekking ro one of the gyms from 
the outskirts of Revelle or Muir 
parking lots ISDSU had a rape in 
one of their parking lots recently 
(2/ 26/ 84)1 . 

To -.vhomever decided on this 
"solution" to the parking problem 
at Urey Hall , please reconsider, 
Parking around UCSD is too 
valuable a commodity to waste. 

Chris Annour 

Editor: 
Although the purpose of "Drugs. 

Dealings and Fears" was to 
. address a pervasive problem in the 
college community. the article's 
facts are in need of rectification. 
The so-called investigative report 
fails to portray an accurate account 
of drug enforcement and judicial 
poliCies at Revelle College. The 
article creates an uncomplemen-
tary impression of Revelle's judicial 
system mainly because its facts 
were accrued from a prejudicial 
perspective ""ithout regard to 

. the coUege administration's 
yiewpoint. _ 

The disciplinaty sanction 
levied in this particular case was 
'based on a thorough 
investigation and an admission 
of guilt. not on the whim of an 
administraror. a "tremendous 
amount of hearsay." or a lack of 
hard evidence. as stated in the 
article . A judicial inquiry was 
initiated foUowing numerous 
complaints of blatant illegal drug 
activity. Previous drug-related 
inquiries and convictions have 
been conducted with equitable 
attention to factual evidence and 
procedural due process. 

Furthermore. the impression 
that UCSD is a sanctuary or a 
"pretty safe place ro deal" is also 
inaccurate. since federal and 
state laws are applicable as well 
as adjudication by the coUege 
Judicial system in their 
enforcement. Thus, the goals of 
Revelle's judicial system are to 
preserve individual rights and to 
justly enforce the law and 
campus rules and regulatiOns. 
Using this particular case as an 
example. that fact that college 
residents were operative in the 
conVIctIOn serves ro underscore 
the sustenance of judicial due 
process and the overall objectives 
of the judicial system. Hence. 
justice has been served. 

John M, Byrne 
Pablo ArTcgui 

•• 
Editor 

Tim August 

Managing Editor 
Phil Lauder 

Copy Editor 
Joe Desiderio 

Opinion Editor 
Grace Nielsen 

Contributing Opinion Editor 
David ~olf 
News Editor 
Lisa Lapin 

Contributina News Editors 
Chnstopher Can ole 
Steven R. Friedman 

Phil Willon 

Ans Editor 
Andrew Keeler 

Associa~ Ans Editor 
John Nee 

Sports Editor 
Jeff Savage 

Photo Editor 
Rich Pecjak 

General Man,.r 
Chris Milke 

A.ssocia~ General Managers 
Linda Lewis 

Valerie McMullin 

Photopaphers 
Richard Caterina 
Rob Friedenthal 
Mark Johnson 
David NeweU 

lllustJators 
John Ashlee 

Steve Kloepfer 

Typesetters 
Joe Desiderio 
An 'e La id PI! Lauder 

Andy Laurence 

Production 
Paul FarweU 

Rob Friedenthal 
Lizz Fuller 
KeUey Neal 

Karla Spencer 
Staff Wrieers 

Lance Bernard. Ethan Feerst. 
David Fleminger. Robert Geyer. 

Mike Greenberg. Sergio Klier. Ian 
Langdon, Robert Leone. Michael 

Partos, Dena Rosen . 

The UCSD Guardian is 
published Mondays and 
Thursdays during the academic 
year by students at UCSD. Views 
expressed in the Guardian do not 
represent the views of the Regents 
of the University of California or 
the Associated Students of UCSD, 
All un-initialled editorials 
represent the views of the enure 
editorial board of the Guardian; 
initialled editorials represent 
minority opinions of the editorial 
board. Reproduction. publication. 
or any use without permission of 
any ponion of this newspaper 
without prior notification is stricdy 
prohibited. 

The Guardian welcomes signed 
letters and commentary as outlined 
in the Opinion section; however. 
we are not responsible for 
unsolicited manuscripts or an. 

Our office is located southeast of 
the ReveUe Provost Office next 
door to the Che Cafe on the UCSD 
campus. The Business Office is 
open from 9 am to noon and 1 pm 
to 5 pm Monday through Friday. 

Subscriptions are available and 
will be mailed first class for S 15 per 
quarter, 

The UCSD Guardian 
UCSD, B-016 

u Jolla, California 91093 
(619) +51.3+~ 

Commental."Y-

Prayer in school: 
decisions, decisions ... 
By JOE DESIDERIO 

Once again. the issue of separation of 
church and state has surfaced, and, 
once again, religiOUS and anti-religious 
spokesmen pore through legal 
documentation. each side searching for 
the definitive argument to silence the 
opposition. At the center of a fierce legal 
struggle is what appears to be a very 
simple question: should children be 
allowed to pray in a public school? 

Obviously, the question of prayer in 
public schools is not as straightforward 
as it first seems. As with other similar 
issues (sex education is a perfect 
example) convictions, as weD as the 
strength of those conVIctions, vary 
tremendously from person to person in 
this country. This variety is the result of 
living in a free country. something that 
should not be taken for granted by 
anyone. 

The complicating factor (as with sex 
education) is that this is an issue which 
triggers an emotional resronse in many, 
weakening the powers 0 rationality. 
upon which this society considers itself 
founded . When it comes down to 
reason vs. personal beliefs, some very 
irrational things can happen; the 
frequent. drawn-out battles within the 
educational system <Ner sex education 
and religion clearly illustrate this pOint, 

From a "rational" point of view. what 
could be more natural. or beneficial, 
than educating the young properly about 
sex. and letting' our children form. and 
pursue. their own religious ideals? Since 
this is, for the most part. not the case. 
we can, by trying to discern what ii 
"wrong" with this perspective. discover 

the root of the current "freedom to pray" 
debate. 

It is rather paradoxical that many of 
those who believe that the schools 
should not teach sex education also 
believe that prayer is appropriate , and 
should be allowed, in school. The 
solution to this paradox is summed up 
in one syUable: fear. 

There is. to varying extents, fear that 
one's child is not "ready" to learn about 
sex, and in this case, fear that one's 
child should not ask the whys and why 
nots. that will eventuaUy come in some 
form . regarding his religious upbringing. 

In a dynamic, progressing society (to 
which we like to consider ourselves as 
belonging), we must encourage. not 
discourage, the questions and 
subsequent development of our children. 
One is more likely to rebel against ideals 
which he has been coaxed into 
accepting; those which one embraces 
freely are the ones to which he will 
cling with aD his might. 

This is nor, by any means. to suggest 
that we discard our traditional values 
and beliefs . Rather. we should promote 
inquiry. while at the same time 
demonstrating the strength of our 
personal convictions to our young 
learners. 

Finally. addressing the ongOing 
debate over prayer in public school. 
there is certainly eno!J&h legislation on 
the books concerning "separation of 
church and state." It is unfortunate that 
we cannot save a lot of time. trouble 
and legislative cost by instituting the 
true democratic solution: let the children 
pray whenever they want to pray. 

Swing into 
the 

Comic 
Gallery 

* New ComIa: Arrive wMIdy by air " ..... 
"* Collector's Cornia: Golden Age to 'Praent 
"* Comic & Fantasy Art 
* Comic Conservation: Mylar Snugs, Mylita, 

A~ •• lozu 
* Open 7 Days 
* A .... Fr .. ' Parking 

---FANTASY GAMES---, 
Dungeons & Drogon~ • Chomplons 

VIlloins & Vigilante, . rraveller 
Star Trek • Star Fleet 
RlInequest & Others 

r----·~·-···-·---·--·---·-·--, 
th,S coupon IS valid for 

100 COMIC lAGS 
fREE WIth 00I,I purchose of 
New ComtC5 over S 12 00 

ElCpiwI3-~ . 

NoI~~~:'~~ 
. __ .. -----_ ..... ------_ ...... -- ___ " __ .... 

~-MlNIATUAES-_ 
Aol Portha • Citadel 
Superior • PhoenIX 

Custom-mode Figures 
Pointed & Unpainted 

-.-.-.. -................. -.... -----~, 

th,s coupon 15 volod for 

10% OFF 
the purchose of ono,l Gomes or MInIatures 

(SlOO minimum) 
Elopires j.2~64. 

lM Comic Gall.." 

The Comic Gallery 
4224 Balboa Ave" San DIego, CA 92117 

(comer of 001000 (:, CIoIremont Dr'> 
- Next to Food Oosket -

(619) 483 ~53 
~ .1~ Mar4I Comb Group 
A DIwron cI c.act.nc. ~ Cap. 
.... ~-. 

March 12, 198:1 5 
OPINION , 

Grad students 
(tJIIWIU~d from page 4 

Assemblyman 1 om Bates' sponsorship 
of the bill amending HEERA will send an 
unequivocal message to the University 
that it may nOt dicker with its 
employees and that it must grant to 
graduate students the rights they 
deserve as employees. 

The union also filed charges with the 
Public Employment Relations Board 
(PERB) accusing the University of unfair 
labor practices in attempting to deny 
graduate student employees collective 
bargaining rights. In this last endeavor, 
the union feels confidenr that the 1983 
PERB decision granting UC San 
Fr.lncisco medical student interns 

collectlve bargaining rights is an 
IndIsputable precedent in Its favor. 

The AGSE IS nOt without suppOrt It 
has won the endorsement of the UC 
Berkeley Graduate Assembly. and its 
position on graduate student employee 
rights IS supported by the Berkeley 
ASUC, the Student Body Presidents 
Council and the Student Lobby. At the 
vety least. such broad institutional and 
political support buttresses AGSE's 
confidence and publicly renders more 
odious the Universlty's refusal to 
acknowledge the Union . 

• • * 

The author IS a graduate student at uc. 

We 'vvelcome feedback 
The Guardian invites our readers to make use of the opinion 

section as an open forum to present and exchange their views on 
any subject. Letters and articles may be sent to the Opinion Editor 
at the Guardian, B-016, UCSD, LaJolla, CA 92093 or brought to our 
offices adjacent to the Che Cafe. Requirements for letters and 
Commentary pieces are outlined below, 
Commentary pieces may be submitted by any concerned 
individual. Pieces should be ryped double-spaced on a 72-
character line. Articles may be rebuttals to a Guardian story or 

, letter. Whatever the subject. the writer should focus on a clear 
thesis. We reserve the right to edit for clarity and style, but all 
major changes will be cleared with the author prior to publication 
whenever possible, 
letters to the editor should be typed as above, Letters are generally 
written in regard to articles or orner letters printed in the Guardian, 
However, any letter of general intrest to UCSD students will be 
considered for publication, Letters may be edited when space 
requires, and spelling and grammatical errors may be corrected, 
The writer's name and phone number must accompany every 
article and letter. 

THIRD COLLEGE 
WANTS 

YOU 
FOR R.A. 

Applications for the 1984-85 position of Resident Advisor at Third 
College Apartments and Matthews Dorms are now being accepted. All 
interested students should go to their college student financial aid office 
by March 16 and pick up Job Referral #OW 4141. Bring the job 
referral to Third Collese Dean'. Office in the Fireside Lounge and 

you will receive a complete application packet, 

APPLICA nON DEADLINE: 
March 16, 4:00 p.m. 

If you have any questions, call 452-4340 



A method to your 
madness? Prove it. 
By PHIL LAUDER 

Perhaps you already know that there 
are exactly rwo types of people in this 
world : those who classify people into 
rwo types, and those who don't. Being a 
type A, I see people as either the clean-
desk type or the messy-desk type. 
Somehow, I feel the latter outnumber the 
former by about 25: 1. There are no in-
betweens. 

From the outset, I WIll admit that I am 
one of the one-m-25 who likes a clean 
desk. Some feel that a clean desk is the 
sign of a sick mind . l say a sick desk is 
the sign of an even sicker mind. 

There 's something I like about a neat 
desk. Like actually having a clear space 
on which to work. Like being able to 
see the desk top uncluttered by stacks 

, and heaps and mounds of refuse . Like 
being able to search for somerhing and 
actually find it within a minute or so ... 
and doing this without uncovering bits 
of ham sandwiches buried under 
sometime last quaner. 

Actually, I marvel at how some of the 
rest of you function through the trash 
heap. Lord knows it takes some effon. 

But I do believe It'S time to dispel a 
myth that has been propagated for 
years. Ask anyone with a disaster-desk 
about their clutter and they ""'i ll spew 
fonh the oldest line in the book: "Sure, 
it looks messy to you , but l know Just 
where eve rything is." 

Spread that on your lawn and grow a 
forest. 

[,ra sony, that line just won 't cut it 
with me. I've seen first-hand how some 
of you "know just where everything is ." 
I've seen your type take 20 minutes to 
find something I needed in rwo. You 
don't fool me. 

I will grant you messy-desk types one 
thing, however; you may not know 
where things are, but you do know 
when things aren't where they once 
were. If someone moves stack #13 to 
the left a couple of inches, in an effort 
to locate stack # 12, you'll notice it: "OK, 
who messed up my desk? Now I can't 
find anything." 

Now? 
But before I come to any hasty 

conclusion, I am prepared to give you 

Repair Special 
-while Y-0u wait 
Chain Solder 

J 

$5.00 per break 
Ring Sizing .- down 

$6.00 
Class Rings 

E 

(with estitnate) 
1.0. required 

'Expires April 30, 1984 

w E L E R s 
The diamond ~ople'! 01984 Ka y 'owolm, tn c. 

La Jolla Village Square 
8657 Villa La Jolla Drive 

455,9700 

Recycle The Guardian 

all a chance to prove once and for all 
that you really can navigate your way 
through , around and despite your 
compost heap/ desk. l have prepared a 
little test that you can administer in the 
privacy 01 your own omce. JUSt c hase 
everyone out , lock the doors, close the 
curtaInS and find a clock, III tha t order. 
Theil , time yourself at the following 
serIes of simple, easy-to-accomphsh-if-
your-desk-is-organized tasks. Good luck, 
and ma y the best mess win: 

( I ) Find a pend (confidence-builder; 
there should be at least 30 of them 
under there somewhere). 

(2) Find the last phone message you 
ignored (another confidence-builder; it 
should still be on top of the mountain ). 

(3) Find a paper clip (now we're 
getting wanner). 

(4) Find the time of the Happy Hour 
at EI Torito (you marked it down last 
week so you'd always have it as a 
reference - hah!). 

(5) Find a sharp pencil (a totally 
unfair question, since one likely hasn't 
existed In the office in years). 

(6) Find the number of the guy to call 
to scrape off the animal and vegetable 
matter from the bottom of your heap 
(i.e. , your desk top). 

(7) Finally, replace everything in the 
same disorder in which you found it; 
remember, you can't find anything when 
your desk is messed up. 

OK, you're finished . Record your time. 
If it's under tcn minutes - hey, you're 
right, I'm wrong: you do know where 
everything is, and you just don 't want 
anyone else to know. If your time was in 

Ihe 10-30 minute range, you're feeble 
but not hopeless; give up the Idea that 
you really know where everyth ing is, 
and you'll be OK. The 30 minute to 
three hour r,mge indicates you're 
probably a lost cause, but you should 
seck out professional help anyway And 
If your time was more than three 
hours .. . go home, co mmit su icide. 

I'll expect the te~t results to start 
pounng into the Guardian olTice. If none 
amve , I'll JUSt presume that all you 
messy-desk types have been proved 
wrong, and that there really is no 
method to your madness. 

• • • 
It has been duly brought to my 

attention that an error of colossal 
proponions appeared in an earlier 
"writer's i" entitled "Breakfast in America 
- snap, crackle , plop." Therein , it was 
reponed that Screaming Yellow Zonkers 
is a cereal, not the snack "food" which, 
in reality, it is. Never one to shunt the 
blame, L would not consider accepting 
less than full responsibility for this error; 
however, if I were to pass on the blame, 
I would more than likely pass it on to 
one ROBERT FRlEDENTHAL of Pacific 
Palisades, California. MR FRIEDENTHAL 
has - until now - managed to avoid 
the litany of public dIsgrace and 
humiliation for his error. However, his 
misinforming me of the true nature of 
Screaming YeUow Zonkers should not go 
unnoticed. Therefore , ROBERT 
FRIEDENTHAL and L would like to 
apologize for his error, and ROBERT 
FRIEDENTHAL promises not to screw 
up this badly again , as long as he lives. 

914 • VW • BMW. AUDI Service 
German Car Specialists 

All work fully guaranteed. Factory- Trained Specialist 
Monday-Friday 8 am - 5:30 pm • Saturday 8 am - 5 pm 

(619) 454-7823 ., 14630 Mission Bay Drive 
(619)' 454-3705 IIndllI (I-5 to Balboa Exit) 
(619) 275-1132 ~ __ . San Diego, CA. 92109 
* We use and recommend Kmdoll® Lubricants 10 our customers. * 
------------------------------------~ UCSD SPECIAL 

4 cyJ Tune-Up $45 
6 cyJ Tune-Up $65 

With This Coupon 
(Not valid with any olher coupon) 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

10% OFF 
On All Other Repairs 

(Except Motor & Transmission Overhaul) 
With This Coupon 

(Not valid with any, other coupon) 

AIL YOU CAN EATI 
$210 

Mondays: 3':00 p.m. till close 
------------------------------------UCSD Special 

FREE Pitcher of Beer vvith any large Pizza 
with this ad 

------------------------------------Open for Breald:ast at 7:00 am 
Phone Ahead: 452-0661 Alltema Avwlhble to Gol 

5 minutes &om the UCSD 

Style Italian Eatery 

Graduate students 
unionize ·at Berkeley· 
By JACKIE GlADFELTER 
. T he UC Berkeley campus is experiencing what 

some might caU a flashback to the 1960s 
protest movement. Since last April, the graduate 

students have been organizing a union and fighting to 
gain recognition from an employer who is unwilling to 
accept the union's existence. 

The Aisociation of Graduate Student Employees 
(AGSE) was formed by 175 orjginal members for the 
purpose of coUectively voicing their grievances 
conceming low pay, long hours and litde job security. 
Since April 28, 1983, AGSE membership has grown to 
over 1,200. 

All of the members work for the University to help 
finance their education, either as teaching and 
research assistants or as class readers. But the 
University refuses to recognize them as employees. 
"The law does nOl: require the Universiry to recognize, 
bargain or negotiate with student employees in any 
capacity," said Richard Boyden, union organizer. "The 
administration's attitude toward the union is not 
appropriate. When it suits their purpose we 're 
employees, and when it suits their purpose we're 
students: Boyden said. 

fEfMJOt 
ND 

However, the University contends that the work the 
students perform is a valuable pan of the students' 
education, and that the salary paid to a graduate 
student employee is really a form of financial aid . 

According to the dean of UC Berkeley's graduate 
division, William A. Shack, the main objective of the 
graduate student is to get an education. In most cases, 
their campus employment becomes an integral pan of 
the graduate Students' overall course work. 

"['ve found thai the students in my depanment 
[anthropology] who have had teaching experience 
make a better presentation in a job interview and do 
better on the job," said Shack. 

"They have all seen it as a very pOSitive experience. 

Even if rhey don 't have to teach for economic reasons, 
they want to," Shack told The Daily Californian . 

However, union activists feel differently about the 
matter. 'There exists an administrative fiction. UC 
thinks t! is doing the graduate students a favor in 
employing us in low paying, time-consuming jobs," 
said Boyden. 

Graduate student employees feel that the long hours 
work against them in a number of ways. First, the 
graduate Student is forced to spend valuable time 
helping a professor on a research project or teaching 
undergraduate courses. This takes them away from the 
important thesis-writing needed to obtain their 
degrees. Second, this work experience is not e:;peciaUy 
favorable when the time comes for the graduate 
student to seek employment. "This experience in no 
way guarantees a god job, even when combined with a 
degree," said Greg Schultz, union member and 
organizer. 

According to Schultz, there are serious problems 
concerning the rate of pay graduate student employees 
actually receive and the rec.ent rise in fee costs. The 
adminislration has also lagged in any attempts to 

modify the salary, even though the standard cost 01 
living has increased statewide. "The graduate student 
'rate of pay has decreased by approximately 20% in the 
last eight years," said Schultz. "This means that what 
the University is giving us in one hand they're taking 
away with the other," he said. 

Due to these grievances, AGSE has launched a rwo-
pronged attack against the administration . In 
November 1983, AGSE filed an unfair labor practices 
claim with the Public Employees Relations Board 
(PERB), charging that the University has denied 
graduate employees the rights they are guaranteed 
under state law. 

Schultz Cited three major grievances in the claim: 

the denial of the University to initiate a union dues 
check-off program; the University's failure to adhere to 
its own grievance procedure; and the University'S 
refusal to "meet and dtscuss rights" which are 
guaranteed under the Higher Education Employer-
Employee RelatiOns act (HEERA). 

In addition to this, AGSE has persuaded 
assemblyman Tom Bates to sponsor a bill which will 
rewrite the ambiguous HE ERA act. In 1978, HEERA 
was written in such a way as to stipulate that students 
were to be given collective bargaining privileges. But 
after intense lobbying efforts by the University , the 
bill 's language was changed and made less specific. 

With the aid of Assemblyman John Vasconcellos , 
chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee, 
Tom Bates and AGSE are appeallng for a revision to 
the HEERA Act. 

"We hope to achieve a number of things from this 
bill ," said Schultz. "First, we want salanes to be 
amended to current cost of living increases, and 
second , we want a regular union dues check-off system 
implemented ." 

Recognized unions nationwide are guaranteed this 
dues check-off program, but the "neandenhal 
accounting" system that the University utilizes takes 
rwo to three months to implement any procedure, said 
Schultz. 

"If we can get this legislation passed , it will restore 
HE ERA to its original form. This will force the 
University to acknowledge the union's 'meet and 
discuss rights' and would force them to acknowledge 
the union as a viable group," said Schultz. 

This pending bill is importltIlt in another way. The 
union at UC Berkeley is considered strong, but only 
rwo other UC campuses systemwide, UClA and UC 
Santa Cruz, have organized unions. "We need to 
spread the work ttl all campuses to organize. This 
would Strengthen our case in the legislature," he said. 

However, there exists a real problem in the union's 
attempt to organize. Lawsuits of this kind are long and 
expensive, and the graduate students have only a 
limited amount of money to spend, whereas the 
University has vinually unlmiited funds . 

The University could postpone proceedings 
indefinitely on this issue, meaning that those graduate 
students who helped organize the union could poSSibly 
be gone by the time the issue gets resolved . 

"What the University is giving 
us on one hand, they're taking 
away with the other." 

- Greg Schultz 
To date , AGSE has spent over $15,000 on legal fees , 

and the' University continues to appeal the case. "They 
have professional lawyers on their side , while we have 
volunteer students fighting our case," said Richard 
Boyden. There seems to be a gross inequality emerging 
between the University's tactics concerning this issue 
and the graduate students' tactics. 

"We will not give up our fight. We've come too far 
to allow the University to outspend us and to play 
their waiting game," said Boyden. 

AGSE has attempted to persuade UC Berkeley 
administration to negotiate , but the University said 
that it is not "negotiating" but only "discussing" student 
problems. The UniverSity has gone to great lengths to 
keep the language of the proceedings ambiguous so 
they would not destroy their case with PERB. 

"If they admitted to 'negotiating' with us , then they 
would have to recognize us as a union ," said Schultz . 
"This has become a very sticky issue of words," he 
said. 

Meanwhile, AGSE is busy plouing strategies to IT\eet 
with the University'S effons to block its success. The 
graduate student union is preparing press releases to 
publicize its case and sending newsletters to 
neighboring campuses to gain needed suppon. AGSE 
is also seeking information from existing labor unions 
throughout the state, in order to become a more 
effective group. 

-- - -- -- - ---

IMDLIY All EN 
Auto~"'''''''ns 

The Professional School 
jor Humal1lSllC Slud,e< 

SENIOR NURSE 
STUDENTS 

Collision SpecIalist 
·r 

0IIIr lII\1aa ....... 1 
• PII.b Ipl1l9 . 
• ProtectIYC SIde MoldIngs 
• Rust RIpeIrs 
• ~ Topi RepIIced ex Dyed 
.AutoGiea 
• Fenders fIIred 
• Irwurenc:c Wortc Welcome 

711 .. ancl ...... 
1ndI ..... CA .... 
('1' ae ••• 

--- -- -- ~ -- - ----

A Graduate School oj 
ProJessionai Psychology 

Harold Greenwald, PhD., President 

The Prc?frssioruJI School is offrnng partial scholarships for both the M.A and Ph .D. 
COUNSEUNG PSYCHOLOGY programs jar Winter Quarur. Our graduates qUiJfify jor 
lictnlsing in the SUItt oj California, both as PSYCHOLOGISTS and/or as Marriage, Family 
and Child Therapists. 

A dIStingUIShed faculty oj experienced psychologists offer classes specifically deSigned jor 
working projessionals. Classes arc held in the evenings and on wceltends throughout 
California and special formats have been stt up to accommodate out-oj-state students. 
Recent fQ£ulty ItcturtS have included such recognized authorities as George Bach, Albert 
Ellis, Nathanld Brandon, Erv and Miriam Polster and Zema Moreno. 
For jurthmnjormation caU or write to: Th~ Professional School, 2425 San Diego Ave., San 
Diego, Ca. 92110, (619) 296-""72. (Learning centers located throughout California). 

, 

Adventure .. , Challenge". 
Professionalism! 

An exciting job with 
opportunities for world-wide 
travel, career development, 
professional growth, excellent 
benefits, BSN graduates or 
senior students are eligible, If 
you're going to be someone 
spectal...Be a Navy 'Nursel For 
more information call 293-
6746,8 am - 4 pm, Monday 
Wednesday. 



President's Message 
This past year we have tried (0 create a council that best represents 

the mainstream population. We hope next year's council will also 
represent every aspect of the student body. We can only attain this 
kind of representation by encouraging a lot of students to run for AS 
positions. Every student has the opponunity now to run and make 
the changes they feel are neccessary. 

When next year comes around anG.you are unsatisfied with the 
council's performance, blame it on yourself for not attempting to get 
involved. Remember its $280,000 at student funds and it would be a 
shame for it (0 fall in the wrong hands - so go for it! The worst thing 
that can happen is the pleasure of knowing you tried. 

If you have ever wondered where that $8/quaner activity fee goes, 
what happens behind the scene on campus or what the AS council 
does besides TGIFs, then perhaps you should get involved in the 
Associated Students. 

Today is the opening day of petitioning (0 run for AS council 
positions. Petitions will be accepted until the end of the first week of 
Spring quarter. The positions range from president, vice president, 
(0 commissioners and college represematives. You don't need 
experience but rather ambition (0 make things happen on campus. 
The hardest thing about any position on the council is picking up the 
eligibility forms to run. 

AS Always, 
Craig Lee 

TAXFO.RMS 
TAXFORMS 

TAXFORMS 
TAXFORMS 

Federal: l040A &. 1040B 
State: 540A 

At the CalPIRG Office 
Room 208 of the Student Center 

2nd Story across the walkway 

Alcohol Awareness and 
Drunk 'Driving: 

Committee being formed to look into 
problem, c0!ltact Steve Cooper at x4450. 

AS and Student 011-
Busines. OtBce 

(Nora and Josie) 
NEW BOURS: 
Oosed Monday 

Tuesday-Friday, 8-4:30 

Election Update 
Please note the follOwing information 

regarding the Spring Elections 
Filing: Candidates of all ASUCSD coucll and 
AS College Council Representative positions 
may begin filing for office at 8:00 am, Monday, 
March 12. Filing will close Monday, April 9 at 12 
pm. Applications for all ASUCSD positions may 
be picked up in the Student Organizations 
Office. 
College Council and College Board Candidates 
may pic~ up applications at their College Dean's 
Offices. 

"': campaigtiliig! . Campaigning begins at 8:00 
am April 10 and c'ontinues until the closing of 
the polls. 

Dates of Election May 5 and 6 
. 

Festival of India comes to UCSD 
Experience the exciting glamour of the Ancient East for FREE! 

Feasting for thousands. Exhibitions. Continuous entertainment 
Thearre. Music. Dance (0 the hot rock, reggae, and jazz sounds of the 
Twentieth Century Bhajan ~nd. Thursday and Friday, March 15 
and 16 between Urey Hall and the gym. Sponsored by UCSD Vedic 
Cultural Society. 

Attention AS Lecture Note Subscribers 
Monday, March 19 (dead Monday) is the VERY LAST DAY to pick 

up notes for this quarter. Set #9 will be ready Wednesday, March 14, 
and set # 10 will be ready Friday, March 16. We do not cover the last 
day of lecture. 

....... ... ....................... ... ........ 

We are accepting applications for notetakers during the Spring 
Quaner. Interviews will be during 10th week. 

Don't Miss This! 
The 1984 UCSD 

Semi-Fonnal 
May 19th at the 

Sheraton Harbor Island 
• Exquisite hors d'oeuvres • 

Dance to Dirk Debonaire and the Rebel 
Rockers on seperate stages' from 8 to 2 am 
Tickets are $9.00 per person and are' on sale at the Box 
Office during finals and all next quaner. Presented by 
. ASUCSD Programming. 

ART for 
ALTE.RnATIV~ 
.!PACE r 
presents; 
Video at the Pub 
Wednesday, March 14 at 5:30 pm 
featuring: 
• music video by Echo and the Bunnymen 

, 

• perfonnance an by Bernie Allen, Angels Don't Have Periods II 
• Undergraduate video 

. 

Internships, Internships, Internships 
Associated Students Internship Office (ASIO) has a summer 

internship program for you! Summer programs allow students (0 
fulfill graduate school prerequiSites and gain advance work . 
experience without the additional pressures and time constraint of 
academic course loads. Deadlines for California and San Diego 
programs are April 13 and 27 respectively. For more information , 
come to the. A? Internship Office in the studen~ center above the 
gameroom or call x4689. Don't waste this summer, doan internship! 

Celebrate God and the end of ~e quarter 
The Inter-Varsity Christian Fellowship is having an end of the 

quaner religiOUS celebration. Wednesday, March 14 from 7:30 to 9 
pm in the Revelle Formal/lnfonnal Lounge. Take a break from 
studying and share in our celebration as we sing, pray and learn from 
God's word. Everyone is welcome. 

Need an escort across campus? 
The UCSD escon service works 365 days a year from 5 pm to 1:30 

am. Community Service Officers are radio dispatched and there is 
no charge. 452-4360. 

Don't miss this one 
Come to the last Society of Women Engineers Meeting, dinner at 

Carlos Murpheys: Thursday, March 14 at 6:30 pm. If you have any 
questions call 755-7005. 

Annual Warren College 

Tailgate Party 
and 

Padre Opening Game 
Tuesday, April 3 

The Pittsburgh Pirates 
vs. 

The ,San Diego Padres 
Tickets: $7 at the Warren Provost Office or at the 
Warren Res. Dean's Office. . 

Spo!1sored by WCSG & Res. Halls 

Engineering lecture 
The Mechanical Engineering Club Presents: "Fusion Tokamak 

Design: Constraints, Tradeoffs, and Options" with John 
Dalessandro, International Nuclear Energy Systems. Wednesday, 
March 14 at 6 pm in UH 2102. 

Che Cafe News: 
The Che. Cafe pre~nts another magnificent, healthy All YOU 

CAN EAT! Enchiladas, rice and salad for $3.00. Wednesday, Ma~h 
1~, from 5-7 pm. 

. , 

.. 



lQ _ March 12. 1984 • 
NEWS 

. .' .~.. '" . 

AS FOruDl 
continued from page 2 
Meyers is more optimistic about the possi-
bility of a $70 fee decrease. "The whole 
'content of the Regents has shifted from 
a conservative body to a more liberal 
body since Jerry Brown's term as 
governor," said Meyers. "If Governor 
Deukmejian proposed it and he is a 
Republican, then it figures that most 
conservatives should also be in fa"or of 
it also." 

The unpredictable, yet powerful, 
nature of the UC Regents has always 
been a major concern of student leaders 
throughout the UC system. "It is one of 
the only fully autonomous entities that 
has constitur onal rights in California," 
said Boroditsky. "You never see a regent 
come down here and ask us about any 
problems. They don't have to because 
they are not elected ." 

With the recent opening of three 
seats on the 2O-person Board of 
Regents, an intensified lobbying effolt to 
appoint representatives sympathetic 
towards student causes has mobilized all 
nine campuses. The UCSD contingent 
in Sacramento had an extra incentive to 
lobby in earnest - San Diego is 

- -

presently unrepresented on the UC 
Regent Board. "We are one of nine 
campuses: we are the fastest growing, 
percentage-wise: we had the largest 
number of freshman applicants last 
year: said Boroditsky. "Considering all 
these facts, we deselVe [wo regents. We 
should get one-tenth of the seats." The 
student representatives visited the acting 
governor Leo McCalthy, a Regent Board 
member, in an effolt to lobby for his 
vote and influence . The fate of those 
vacant seats and the results of the 
lobbying effons will be disclosed, at least 
paltiallY, this week. 

The concensus of those who attended 
the UC Student Lobby Conference was 
that it was a great success. With all the 
important information transmitted to the 
group, it became apparent that the lines 
of communication be[Ween San Diego 
and Sacramento must be tapped more 
extensively. 'Since we had so many 
people we could reach out and speak 
with a lot of legislators and aides about 
the issues and thus we were able to 
lobby effectively while at the same time 
receive lots of infonnation," said 
Alexander. "But it also demonstrated the 
lack of information filtering down to 
students on our campus." 

"It's easy to correct, now that we 
know it exists," believes Paulus. "We 

have enough of an organization through 
the AS and college representatives. We 
just need to branch out and create 
involvement at the grass roots level and 
write letters to our representatives in 
Sacramento. It's amazing how effective a 
single letter from a body like the AS can 
be." 

During the long lO-hour ride back 
from Sacramento, UCSD Lobby Annex 
Director Jeff Meyer gauged the power of 
a letter to legislators at the state capitol 
to be so important that he created a 

Parking 
continued from page 3 
bicycles, while vehicle parking remain 
on the periphery of the campus. 
Himmel said there is now a "general 
trend" for all parking to move outward. 

Future parking faciliry planning is a 
big factor in parking fees, Himmel 
explained. He said that present services 
are examined , to which costs for future 
facilities are added. On top of that is a 
cushion of "n;.serve" money, w deal with 
emergencies and unexpected parking 
problems. This is the fee which all 

Emergency clinics offer quick, low-cost 
medical care. 

Hospital emergency rooms offer the 
quality and security of a hospital medical staff. 

NJedistatisqJell24lnnsa~ 
e\e"ydayd~~ 

But nowyou don't have to choose be-
tween them. 

IntrodUCing Medistat n •• We're different 
from both emergency clinics and other hospi-
tal emergen(y rooms .. . in some important ways. 

~sa~ 
behiniewtything\\e<h 

Because that's when minor emergencies 
happen. Just walk in anytime, without 
an appointment. You'll be treated 1 J 
promptly and courteously at Medist~t, " . . : .. ~: 
Yu'llalso be treate(hwIl ~tre 1i1l ....... .... 

When payment is made by cash, 
check or major credit card at time of service, 
charges are comparable to those you'd pay at 
an emergency clinic. But at Medistat you're 
getting hospital quality medical care. 

So when you have a minor emer-

Medistat is the 
minor emergency 
service in Claire-
mont Community 
and Mission Bay 
Hospita ls. In fact, 
the hospital is 
right down the 
hall . An emer-
gency department 

r.::-~-:--:--r-~=--__ gency, think of 
Medistat at Claire; 
mont Community 
and Mission Bay 
Hospitals. We're 
the minor emer-

gency service with some major differences. 
MeDl~~uTM 

physician will treat your problem, so you 
are assured of getting excellent medical 
care. And, if it turns out you need a hos-
pital, you're already there. A. mIf\OI """'oencv MNlCe '" ,. 

With emergency clinics, you'd have to go 
to a hospital located somewhere else. 

CI.orfmOlll Community Hosp"al M ... llln &y HO'p'lal 
5255 MI. Etna Drive 3030 Bunker H,U St. 

San Ooego, CA 92117 San Ooqo, CA 92109 
(619) 278·8100 (619) m ·ml 

motivational device to inspire UCSD 
students to write to state legislators. 
Beginning soon, a lobbying contest will 
begin, sponsored by the Lobby 
Annex olTice. Every week, a bill wiD be 
presented in the AS BuDetin section of 
the Guardian, accompanied by aU the 
pertaining information and legislators' 
addresses. The contest is open to aU 
students, faculty and staff. Prizes for the 
best letter, best argument, and most 
consistent letter will be awarded at the 
end of spring quaner. 

"parkers" pay, he said. 
Hopefully, the parking people have 

calculated their costs well, so that 
Himmel's plan that "everyone will have a 
space to park" will occur. He said that 
now the campus shows 100% utilization 
on Wednesdays. 

Both Himmel and Umstead believe 
that the decrease in gas prices is a main 
factor in the congestion on campus. Last 
year, not only were fewer parking 
permils sold. but San Diego Transit 
carried 20% more riders, they said. 

French National Railroads 
/France Vaconces 

and COUNCIL TRAVEL 
present: 

Independent Travel 
Th~h Europe 

Learn me BasIcs: 
- ElI'Oll • Euroil Youth Pass 
- TrO\'el Gear 
- Foreign Currency 
- Rights 
- Drlrrail 
- Intemo1'ional Student 10 Cads 
- Yoom Hostels 
- Budget AccommodarIons ' 
- TrOYeI Urerorue 

and much more 
~nd Our FREE Seminar on 

Marth 12. 19&4. S:CJO. 7:00 pm 
North COf~ Room 
~ will be seM!d. RSVP by 

phone ~2-O6:1O or walk in. 

NAVY NUCLEAR 
ENGINEERING 

any better offers? $24,000 
to $54,000 after 6 years. 
If you are 19 to 26 years 
of age majoring in math, 

chemistry, physics or 
engineering and would 
like to learn more about 

this opportunity 

CALL 
COLLECT 
(619) 

293-6746 
Call between the hours of 9 
am to 5 pm, Mon. thru Wed. 

Triton baseball finally wanning up 
By JEFF SAVAGE 

Because of the way the UCSD baseball 
team has been carrying on thus far this 
season, aspirin sales have skyrocketed . 
The Tritons have been pounding the 
ball at the plate, thereby producing a 
greal deal of pain for opposing pitchers. 
The UCSD staff has sent its baffied 
opponcms back to the dugout shaking 
their heads enough times to faU down 
dizzy. And it used to be that the District 
would save itself some time by simply 
insening a row of L's alongside UCSD's 
games before the season even started. 
But this year, league officials have 
thrown their systems out of whack by 
working overtime, because they've had 
to adjust and readjust the UC San Diego 
result column and outlook write-up. 
UCSD is finaUy winning, and everybody 
has a headache. Tylenol and Bayer 
couldn't be happier. 

For third-year coach Lyle Yates, the 
1984 season couldn't be any more 
exciting. Yates and his team have had 
to deal with ditty basebaD, bench-
clearing brawls, incompetent umpires 
and vandalism. Yet through it aU, UCSD 
has managed to establish numerous 
records while posting an 11-1 L mark. 

With freshmen usuaUy filling six of 
the nme starting pOSitions, the Tritons 
are suffering from a case of youth and 
inexperience. Yet they haven't exactly 
curled up in bed and nursed 
themselves. 

When righthander Roben Rolf 
foUowed a shutout perfonnance by Rick 
Davis two days early with a three-hit 
blanking of his own, it gave the Tritons 
their first back-to-back shutout games in 

, UCSD history. Rolrs Victory, a 7"(} 
embarrassment of Cal State Dominguez . 
Hills, marked UCSD's fourth win in a 
row - another record . 

When catcher Derek A1konrs jumped 
out of his crouch and rifled a throw 
down to second base to nail a base 
stealer against Azusa Pacific Saturday, it 
skipped through to centerfield and 
broke UCSD's errorless streak at 42 
i!,mi~s - still another record. 

As long as UCSD SlaYS at .500 or 
better on the year, it will be the farthest 
into any season the team has made it 
without a losing record. 

Although the season is only at the 
half-way pOint, UCSD has equaled its 
winning total for all of laSl year, when 
the team finished at 11 -32. 

The four-game streak began twO 
weeks ago at Olsen Field against 
Southern Utah State, a club UCSD was 
not supposed to beat. But nOt only did 
UCSD emerge victorious, their 
opponents left the field red-faced after 
the game. By using his fastbaU to set up 
a very deceptive slider, Rick Davis 
scattered eight hits and did not aDow a 
run as the Tritons ran away with it, 9-0. 
While Utah was sleepwalking, the San 
Diego batters were giving the SUSU 
pitchers nightmares. Freshman Bob 
Natal led the Triton attack by going 
three for four and crossing the plate 
three times. Catcher Derek Nkonis and 
second baseman David Stanovich (both 
freshmen) each had [wo hits, as did 
junior shonstop Don Petersen. With the 
shutout, Davis lowered his earned run 
average to an impressive 1.92. 

Despite the Triton beating, Southern 
Utah State proved to be no patsy. The 
following day the Utah squad edged 
Division I USD 5-4, and [wo days later 
they concluded their West Coast road 
trip by humiliating Pt. Loma twice, 19-3 
and 10-2. 

Two days later, UCSD played host to 
a powerful Cal State Dominguez HiUs 
squad which defeated the Tritons in aU 
four games the two clubs played last 
year. But, ah yes, that was last year and 
this is this year. 

In the first game of a doubleheader, 
junior righthander Robert Rolf improved 
his record to 3-1 on the year and 
lowered his ERA to a sterling 1.74 as he 
silenced the Dominguez HiDs bats aD 
day long. Just three singles and a pair of 
walks denied Rolf a perfect game. And 
while Rolf was busy posting goose eggs 
on the Dominguez si~e of the 

~~~ 51295 
Complete with over ten 
Popular Software Packages 
including Wordstar, M Basic 
and the Perfect Series 

* EXCLUSIVELY FROM PHASE 5: * 
FRIE 6 mo. - 4 hours I'r .. lln'"", 

scoreboard , UCSD was keeping the 
statistician busy. The Tritons broke 
loose in the first inning by sending L 1 
men to the plate, with five of them 
crossing It. UCSD didn 't put the baby to 
bed early this time: It was asleep before 
the babysitter even arrived. Alkonis, 
N<llal and designated hitter Joh n 
Hickman contributed twO hits apiece as 
UCSD went on to win , 7-0. 

The second game saw UCSD's [our-
game winning streak snapped. but the 
TritonS didn't go down without 

swin~ing. A baserunning blunder 
thwalted UCSD's potential game-
winni,ng raUy in the ninth inning, and 
both teams headed to the tenth tied at 
one. After Triton starter Eric Reynolds 
tired , surrendering a leadoff single, top-
stopper Kevin lUingworth came on and 
issued a free pass to put runners on first 
and second. With one out, lUingworth 
induced powerhiuer Roger Moore to hit 
a weak chopper up the middle, but it 
bounced over lUingwotth's outstretched 
glove. Firstbaseman John Rosness 
scooped ~e baD up and had ~en!y of 

time to shovel to LUingwonh for the out 
- but the pitcher forgot to cover first 
base. The error loaded the bases, and 
Dominguez clean-up hitter Mark Wyatt 
promptly followed with a two-run 
double to wrap it up , 3-1. The mIstake 
cos t the Tritons an extension of their 
Winning streak, but everybody makes 
mistakes. That's why they put erasers on 
the end of Ticonderogas. 

Two days ago, UCSD traveled to 
Azusa Pacific to open league play -
certai nly nothing to look forward to , 
conSidering that Azusa Pacific is the 
three-time defending league champion, 
and the umpires at Azusa have a 
reputation for looking the other way 
when they feel like it. Yates caDs it "the 
homer Jethro act," and UCSD got a 
chance to wimess it. 

In the first game, the Tritons were 
given a lesson In humility. They learned 
that talent alone does not win ballgames 
- there has to be some amount of 
effort put forth . UCSD didn't put much 
forth , as the Cougars cranked out 17 
hits including a pair of home runs while 

- pleast IUm to page 14 

David 5tanovich is upended, but not bef~re gelling off a throw 10 tum UCSD's third DP. 

4 . 



Northridgefmdsripsm 
UCSD's holey defense 
By USA lAPIN 

Northridge was a team that UCSD 
should have been able to beat. They did , 
but only for one game. Cal State 
Northridge took last Saturday night's 
Triton home match in four, 15-4, 15-9, 
14-16 and 15-8. 

The Matadors proved they were a well 
rounded team, wtth tight blocking, 
precise hitting and both a strong 
defense and offense. The Tritons had 
some shining performances, which were 
marred by a Triton defense that looked 
like swiss cheese, and Northridge 
consistently found the holes . 

UCSD's Matt Hunt had a brilliant 
hitting record for the night, consistently 
plaCing the ball down on the visitors' 
side of the coun. Setter Greg Howanh 
also prOvided consistency for the 
Tritons, with excellent sets as well as 
coun backup. 

They were performances worth noting 
by their teammates. "Matt Hunt played 
the best game of the year," said Doug 
Stanley, "and 'Howie' did a good job 
setting." Matt Hunt had compliments for 
the setter: "Greg came otT the bench and 
led us to victory in the third game. It 
proved that everyone who goes on the 
coun is really trying hard. " 

The first game showed the Triton 
audience what orthridge could do. 
Dave Shaffer, a 6-7 middle hitter for the 
Matadors, had a hit that no one on the 
UCSD court could cover. UCSD made 
some errors , and Mike Bird of 
Northridge picked off a serve , putting 
them ahead at 6-l. 

Hits by Hunt and Pat Brienen 
garnered side outS, but UCSD was 
unable to score against the visitors' 
strong blocking. Finally, a service ace by 
Scott Criswell put another point on the 
scoreboard for the Tritons. Two 
Northridge errors gave UCSD a couple 
more, and Triton coach Doug Dannevik 
called a time out with the score at 4-1l. 

The breather did not do the home 
team much good , as Randy Huffman for 
the Matadors was the key in bringing 
his team to game pOint, and taking it at 
15-4. 

The second game opened with 
missed serves on both sides. George 
Knights had a fine spike for a Triton 
side our, and Hum forced a hit that 
bounced out of bounds off Northridge 
hitter John Buffington. Hum also had a 
tip over the net and into an empty zone 
on the opposing coun to tie the game at 
one ap,iece. 

Dannevik ca!fed another time out that' 
did not show results for the home team. 
A hit by Hunt left the crowd expecting a 
rally, but a net caU on the Tritons 
calmed them down . 

A .rong Hunt kill brought a side out, 
but the visitors' Mark Brinkman 
slammed the ball back into the Triton 
faces. Tad Braun had a kill for a side 
OUt; however, UCSD left unguarded 
patches all over the floor that the 
Matadors had no trouble finding. 

The Tritons changed their pattern for 
a short while, and with the help of SCOtt 
McGregor, reached a score of nine, 
while the Matadors remained ahead 
with 12. 

Shaffer rallied again for the 
opponents, bringing the State team 
score to 13. Another Triton time out 
helped UCSD hold the Mats at game 
poim for a few tries , with Doug Stanlty 
holding them for one more attempt. The 
match was lost when John Henderson 
and Stanley bumped on the court and 
the ball went by. 

The third game was exciting for the 
Triton fans, as UCSD came from five 
points behind to take the lead and keep 
it for victory. Knights blocked for a Side 
out , Henderson had a well-executed 
swing and then Hunt placed the ball 
down between the extended arms of the 
Matadors , otT a set by Howarth , to give 
the Tritons a small lead. Henderson was 
blocking well for UCSD, but net calls 
again proved to be the home team's 
nemesis . 

Criswell had a hit blocked by the 
Mats' Mike Bird, and poor passing again 
let the visitors sneak ahead. A sharp hit 
by Braun had the Northridge blockers 
putting the ball ~igh and into the 

Introduciag DAN WALTERS 
Your Badweieer/Michelob Rep 

457-0948 
452-4037 (messages) 

Call hin:t when planning your next 
party, sports or club activity! 

scoreboard on the west side of the gym. 
Yet the visitors had four consecutive 
hits that brought their score to 11. 

Braun put away another ball for the 
side OUt that enabled UC D to surge 
ahead to the win . The TritOn score 
climbed to tie it at 11 , and a superb 
rally , concluding in a spike by Hunt, 
had the crowd cheenng. 

Howarth temporarily stepped out of 
his serving role to put the ball down on 
the opposite court for the Tritons' 
l\velfth point. Howarth then had two 
brilliant saves in the back court , and 
'Hendo' was there for the poim, placing 
the game at 13-11. A hit by Hum 
brought the score to 15-14, but 
Northridge squeezed a side out to leave 
the Triton fans hanging. Hunt had a kill 
to bring thl! ball back to UCSD, and 
Criswell placed it down for the win. 

After the excitement of the third 
game, the fourth was rather a 
disappointment, although the Tritons 
fought well. Nets and overshot serves 

p~t UCSD behind by four. A service ace 

b), Braun gained one for the Tritons, 
and they remained at a score of twO 
while Northridge climbed to 12. When 
the Matadors reached 13, the Tritons 
fought hard . A &ood effon by Stanley 
had him tumbling over chairs and into 
the stands, and the Tritons held their , 
opponents. Hunt and Criswell followed 
with twO service aces into the court of 
the weary Matadors, and Hunt had a 
few more hits to cap off his evening's 
performance. 

Henderson and Hum blocked for a 
pOint , putting the Tritons at eight after 
their efforts. Northridge called its 
second time out of the night , and came 
back to score the game point. 

The Triton coach felt that his team 
played aggressively: "At USC, our 
attitude was terrible , but [tonightl our 
attitude and enthusiasm was a lot 
better." Dannevik attributes much of the 
team's performance to a good week of 
practice, and said, "The wins and losses 
are not what matter," 

Greg Howarth: "'t was really fun to set because the hilters were hitting well. " 

... 0 ...... 
......... _'L 

tato ... " C_.t 
"Goeff .x ...... tMori •• well" 

"Pat e ... In •• "''-_ .. 
c_cieeIy;:--S· "Clarie ie .... rp ............ 

They Could Be Talking 
About Y oul ~)-, 

"8... .. "p. ~ 44 '" 
... • .... "l'OtJIer" ftJ, .~'-i.. ,..... "'o~:1), 

yo ..... t c~" 
_L._ ... ie~t. ~ £xp--' 

"8t.'--':' t .. ~.. "G.t .. we Pltore. rvk." 
" ........ • G...-, TIaia ie •• yeat .. 

Become aD OASIS tutor or peer 
coaaaelor. 3rd. Q_rter Sophomore. 
aDd JUDior. with A' ... d B'. in their 

major eDroD iD TEP 196 (4 anit., PINP). 
IDterview with OASIS coordinaton 

NOW: 
Matla/Science tuto,..: 1254HL 

Writing: 407. VSB 
Peer COMn.elora: BId. B, Student Center 

Study SIc"Ia: 401. USB 
Student. wllo enroB in TEP 1" Spring 
Quarter are elisi"'e lor .tall po.ition. 

ill Su ...... er Bridse J984. 

Sorting through the 
debris of a messy season 
By MIKE GREENBERG 

Although the subject is not nearly as talked about as Election '84, many followers of the UCSD 
men's basketball team are stiU asking 
themselves why the team failed to 
advance past the opening round of the ' 
NAlA playoffs for the second year in a 
row. The answer seems to be more 
complex than the typical "they didn't 
play up to their ability" jargon that 
usually accompanies failure . For this 
year's team did not possess the 
awesome talent of a Westmont or Biola, 
but rather the players played up to their 
capabilities when they were doing well, 
giving the illusion that that type of 
talent wa!t present. The problem was 
that the Tntons performed like the 
aforementioned aD too in[requently, as 
their 5-8 league record would indicate. 

After evety losing season, a majority 
of the b.lame is directed at the head 
coach, in this instance, Tom Marshall. 
In his first year at the collegiate level, 
MarshaD did make a few rookie 
mistakes: 

_Impillience. Many times the UCSD 
head coach would allow his frustration 
at a player's performance in the first haU 
to dictate his substitution pattern, A 
case in point was the season-ending 
loss to Point Lorna in which MarshaD 
pulled an ineffective Mike Dabasinskas 
from the ba\lgame midway through the 
first half because the Triton center was 
not executing the offense properly, Dabo 

ne~r returned, even though Point Lorna 
was dominating the boards on both 
ends (in the first meenng of the two 
teams, Dahasinskas' superb second-half 
pfay Ignited UCSD to ViCtory). 

_Not adapting an otreDK thai was 
more conducive to his players' talents. 
AU too often, the Triton offense would 
stagnate because of its predictability. 
Says one league coach, "We knew what 
UC San Diego was always going to do, 
They do the same thing every time 
down the floor. All you have to do is put 
pressure on their men down low and 
they will have to shoot outside all game 
long." Yet Marshall refused to alter the 
offense even when the opposition would 
shut down UCSD's inside game, After a 
loss to sec early in the year (when it 
was apparent that the Tritons needed to 
get the ball inside in order to win), 
Marshall commented, "That's OK if we 
don't get it inside. All it means is that 
they are concentrating down low and 
our guys will be able to hit from the 
outside. That [not scoring inside] 
doesn't bother me a bit because we have 

go~ outside shooting:" 
Why the Tritons did not attempt to 

run more often is also something that 
was never explored during the year, , 
They had the quickest point guard in 
the district and definitely the most 
effective on the fast break Irt Randy 
Bennett, With the emergence of 
Kamansky, Bennett saw his playing time 
dwindle as his role switched from the 
dub's starting guard to a reserve, playing 
15 minutes a contest. Bennett does have 
shortcomin~, mainly lack of an outside 
shot, but with him, UCSD at least had 
an effective running game. The Tritons 
usuaDy outrebounded their opponents, 
so emphasizing the fast break seems 
logical, especially with Bennett on the 
noor. But UCSD chose to playa half-
coun game instead, and that eventually 
was their undoing. Relying too much on 
a shaky outside shooting game, the 
Tritons would fall behind as soon as 
they went cold. By contrast, a cold 
shooting team can still stay in a contest 
by executing thetr running game. It was 
Marshall's duty to realize this, and he 
didn't. 

Some of the brighter moments for 
UCSD, sprinkled In between the 
ftustration of a disappointing year: 

- Greg Kamansky. Starting midway 
through the season, the freshman guard 

displayed the coolness of a veteran, 
often calling for the ball with the game 
on the line. Definitely one of the best 
shooters in the district, Kamansky will 
get even better with experience and 
confidence. Much of the credit for 
Kamansky's emergence this year has to 
go to Marshall, who brought the 
freshman along slowly, nurturing him 
into the lineup at the most opportune 
time - once he had become familiar 
and confident with the offense and his 
role as a shooring guard . For Marshall to 
be able to lure away such a fine talent , 
one who could have been a Division I 
performer, is a great accomplishment [or 
the rookie coach. 

- Not only did Mark Barreca become 
the best forward in the conference the 
iast half of the season, but more 
importantly, he became a team leader in 
the club's drive for the playoffs. Again, it 
was Marshall's confidence in the 6-6 
forward that was the key ingredient in 
his success. 

Whet) itJooked like Banreca was losing 
confidence Inhimsell, Marshall 
reiterated his belief that he was a 
valuable member of the team and that 
he had never lost confidence in him. 
Barreca responded with the best play of 
his life, outperforming the league's best 
forwards week after week. UCSD will 
reap the benefits of Barreca next year as 
well, as the Tritons' leading rebounder 
(third in the league) will be back for his 
se nior year. 

- It is purely speculation now, but 
one wonders what type of season UCSD 
would have had if Brandon Nixon had 
been healthy for all of it. When ~ fl,l\l 
health , Nixon justified his aD-league 

. Stature by playing well at both the off 
guard and point guard positions. His 
jumper became deadly at season 's end, 
and he was the club's best clutch 
shooter. Nor many players could come 
back from a collarbone separation and 
recurring back spasms as Nixon did . 

- A possible solution for igniting a 
running game and keeping the offense 
intact would have been to start 
.Kamansky, Nixon and Bennett together 
with Aint and Banreca, giving UCSD a 
fast, yet potent, outside shooting team, 
Most ,of the smaller, quicker clubs in the 
league flourished, with Southern Cal 
College being a prime example, With no 
player over 6-6, the Vanguards used 
their quickness and jump shooting 
ability to advance to the District 
Championship. Maybe with a three-
guard lineup, UCSD could have been 
the sec of the conference this year. 

The 1983-84 campaign will probably 
be remembered not for the strides the 
team made in the middle of the year to 
propel them from a pretender to a 
contender, but for the way UCSD folded 
the last three weeks, Marshall made the 
mistake of predicting something that 
was obviously unattainable: "UCSD Will 
win three of its last four games and 
possibly four." By now, everyone knows 
that the Tritons dropped three of their 
last four and were beaten by 28 points 
in the first round of the playoffs. Maybe 
Marshall's comments and the team's 
attitude were too condted. After beating 
Point Lorna, Azusa Pacific and LA 
Baptist in succession, the team was very 
confident, almost to the point of 
cockiness. But this club is young, many 
of its key performers will return next 
year (Banreca. Nixon, Kamansky, 
Dabasinskas and Bennett), and Marshall 
has done a superb job in recruiting 
prospects already. In fact, many of those 
"prospeCts" will vie for starting positions 
next year, which should give the UCSD 
coach the benefit of a very deep bench, 
a luxury he didn't have this season. 

But next year is still tOO far away to 
begin comtmplating what "might be" 
because Marshall and the rest of the 
Tritons are still wondering "what could 
have been." 

f-'SOFT CONTACT LENSES -', 
• • • 
: '89 ~~~p::r Soft S I 59 ~=: Wear Soft : 
: r«!!j. S169 & up '02 - T Lenses) reg. S300 & up lBausch & Lomb) : 
• Complete Indudes: Eye Exam, Fitting, Fallow-up Visits, Care-Kit • 
· ' . • "_'r~ not the Jowett. .. I us who lsI otr.r good wfth caupan It1fU J/I9/84 • 
.• Dr. Stev.n Cirossman Optomelly , 481-2277 • 
• 243 No. Hwy. 101 IThe Boardwalk, \lIE TAKE OPEN • 
• . SUjt~ 8, Solana Beach TELECHECK Monda1Fri~ 11-6 • ~---------------~-~-~-------.-~.--~ 

IEAT THOSE HIGH 
UNMRSITY COPY COSTS. 

• Binding • Passport • Stationery 
• FoIcing Photos. 

8855 Villa La Jolla 
Drive 

457-3775 
Near Ralph's & 
Sav-On Drugs 

Fast -
Quality 
Service 

Open 7 
Q~ 

UCSD 
SNOW 

SKI C'LUB 

The UCSD Snow Ski aub presents the annual Spring 
Breakaway trip to Stm Valley, Idaho. We will be joined by the' 
UC Riverskte, USC, and UC Irvtne ski dubs for a week of superb 
slQing. 

mE nCKET INCLUDES: Transportation there and back, 
deluxe condo accommodations with a pool, sauna, and 
jacuzzi, a 5-day 8ft ticket, camival actMties (dances, T-shirts, 
picnics, races, broombaU,jacuzzl party), and aD UC San DleQO 
extras. 

We wiD be leaving at 10:30 pm on March 24. 1lckets may be 
purchased at the box o8lce. You must be a SlG aub member to 
buy a ticket The deadline for ticket sales was last friday, March 
9. There may still be tickets available, or you can sIgn-up on a 
waiting Bst. For more Information can x4027 or visit us In the 
Pub between 11 am and 2:30 pm everyday. Membership dues 
are $10. The Pre-Sun Valley meeting is Wednesday, March 14 
at 8:00 pm in the Reaeatlon Conference Room. 

Come and experience a week of t.II'lforQettable skIIni, UCSD 
Ski Cub comraderle, and Qet an early start on your summer 
tan! Wahoooooll' 

LOOK 
ElINOtNCS 

NORDICA 
BOOT SYSTEMS 

TIckets on sale at the Box Office 
Bus/Condo $295 Ground $190 



... 

" 

Women's tennis strings wins 
together in quest for top spot 

Baseball ' 
WI1(lI1urJ jl'OllI t)(jg~ 11 
UCSD was busy comlnllting lour errors, 
"Wc were just tight," expl.lined Yates, 
"With our young teilm, nelVou,ness is 
going to emer imo some situations." 
UCSD lost 14-2. . 

The TrilOns were humiliated but not 
ready 10 board thr bus back home just 
yet. On the strength of Dan DIMascio's 
double and David Stanovich's two-run 
Single, UCSD took a 4-0 lead early. In 
the fifth, the Tritons extendcd the lead 
to 9-0. Back-to-back doubles by 
Stanovich and Bob Natal produced the 
first Triton run. After Don Petersen 
walked, Derek Alkonis singled home two 
runs and John Hickman followed with 
an RBI double to left cemer. UCSD 
closed out the fifth inning explosion in 
meek fasruon as Yates called a squeeze 
bunt. Rosness laId it down perfectly and 
Hickman scored. In the sixth, Alkonis 
drove home Natal, and the T[I[ons held 
a commanding LO-O lead . Okay, now 
board the bus and head home, right? 
Not quite. UCSD statter Eric Reynolds 
seemed in perfect comral with a nifty 
two-hiner going, but suddenly the house 
fell in . After Azusa's wild and somewhat 
bizarre comeback, sophomore pitcher 
Mike Petersen found himself on the 
mound with the bases loaded and two 
out in the bottom of the ninth inning, 
desperately trying to preseIVe a 
precarious one-run lead. Jimmy Mcivor, 
who had homered earlier in the day, 
stood between UCSD and the winner's 
circle. Mcivor hit the ball a long way .. . 
but straight up, and after John Rosness 
pur the squeeze on it, UCSD had earned 
its first win over Azusa Pacific in 

By JULIE RICHTER 
As the Triton women 's tennis team 

continues its winning streak, which has 
pushed its record (0 12-3 on the season, 
the possibility for a NCAA Division III 
championship has become more 
promising than ever before. The (cam 
has won its laSt three home matches, 
defeating local rival Poim Lorna College, 
as well as Grand Canyon College and 
Ball State University of Indiana. 

In an 8-1 victory over Point loma 
College, each player won in straight sets. 
"All the girls played really weD," 
commented coach Liz Dudash La Plante. 
Cathy Sturdivant, the number one 
player, was the lone TrilOn loser on the 
day, as she was defeated 6-7 , 3-6. 
Jessica Vernon won her match by a 
count of 6-0, 6-2, and teammate Nadine 
AkimolO scored a bagel , 6-0, 6~ . 
Number four player Lisa Gilben defeated 
her opponent, 6-1 , 6-0. Similarly, Susan 
Sanchez won 6-2, 6-2, as did Brigid 
Rca, who scored a 6-2, 6-2 victory. 

The number one doubles team, 
Akimoto and Vernon , dominated the 
match with a 6-2, 6·2 win. Sturdivant 
and Gi.lben, playing in the number two 
pOSition, defeated their opponems, 6-3, 
6-1 , and Sanchez and Rea didn't drop a 
game, shutting down the Crusaders 6-0, 
6-0. 

Plante. 
UCSD also beat Grand Canyon 

College, 8-1. Three years ago, the 
Tritons lost to this powerhouse team, 
which placed first in the NAlA last year. 

The team's last match was Saturday, 
March 9, at Long Beach state, a tough 
Division I school. which beat UCSD last 
year, 6-0. The Tritons will then be 

hosting three home matches, beginning 
on Monday, March 12, at 3 pm against 
Northern Arizona University. On Friday, 
March 17, the Tritons will meet Cal 
State Bakersfield for the first time. The 
last home match, before a two week 
break in the schedule, will be against 
Yale University on Saturday, March 17 
at 3 pm. 

history. Not just this year ... not just the 
past Jive years - we're talking history. 

Playing against Ball State University, a 
team recently added to the schedule, 
UCSD crushed the NCAA Division 1 
school, 9-0. "Cathy's match was the 
highlight of the day. She came back in 
the third set to win 6-3 , 5-7 , 6-4. This 
will boost her confidence," said La 

Number two singits player Jessica Vernon seemed to barely extend herstif in a 6-0. 6-2 
trouncing of her Point Lorna opponent. UCSD also played saturday; see next issue for results. 

And as UCSD emers the second half 
of the season - and the hean of the 
league schedule - the team has yet 
another record in sight: the single. 
season mark for aspirin sales. 

LIOIII UP 
YOUR HAIR 

For highlights as natural-
looking as sunlight. give us 
a call. We use Redken® 
color enhancers for extra 
gentleness and superior 
color selecfion. 

WITH 
SUMMER-

SHINE. 
@REDKEN 

Salon PrtSCnp(loo Un! .. 

r----------------·----·---------~ Huntrldae Ha irstyles 
would like to intrOOuce you to the fine art of 

Sun Kissing. 
Bring a friend and let us start your Spring Break 

with some sparkling shiny highlights, 
Two for $35.00 with th Is ad. 

. Call 454-0785 for an appointment. 
Located at the Summer House Inn on La Jolla Shores Dr, 

Offer expires April 15. 1984. ~----------------------------------- - - - - - - - - --- -- -

UCSD Events Office presents 

THREE'S COMEDY 

featuring: 
Turk Pipkin, Dave Wood, &t Bill Kirchenbauer 
An evening of side-splitting 
comedy with three of the 

funniest guys we could 
afford to bring! 

April 5, Thursday, 8:00 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 

G.A. $5.00, UCSD St. $3.00 
UCSD Box Otlice 6% Ticketron: 452-4559 

I 

CIaIIIIIed ........... ... II IOId 11\ tOO 
charactar Ira.i ..... IactI ..... puncIuaIIOn 
IIIIIIII and ... --.. -.- II 001 ('SI '" a 
cllarlutll. will capIIaI ..... GOY ...... Iwo 
ctDc:ls.a.1IIe .. II 't.GO per too oflanDI. ,for 
...... and tuD .. tOO alWllch , tor non-
IIudIntI. You IIIUII __ ..... oIIce or mel In 
vour ad, .................... 11\ ___ at 
publtc:attan. Deadtl_ , pm '-' for 
......... pcper:' pm ::.tor_::;'!IdI*. Far _ .... n lIIan,c:alMN ~~J, 
UCII). Nt .. La JIItIa, CA noN. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Model Search M/F FoIhIon Model Search '114 10 be 
held In San OlIgo. ConIeIt open to men and 
women. Call or witte: Model Search. P.O. IkIc 3715. 
IIe\IeIIy HIli. CA 90212, For .... 1lJOChure (213)274-
2732. (3/15) 
The MEOiANICAI. ENGINEfRING QJJ8 J)I'IMenta John 

~ lntamotiOnal NucJaar Energy Systems 
~), who will IP8C* on "fusion Tokamak 

0('. In Urev 2102 w.d. Mar. 14,6 pm. (3112) 
Get IflIIoIIIo8dl RCCopf:lIIcaIb .0II0iIabIe now In the 
IftweIIe f'Io:..utI eIIIce. Elections held eOJIy ~ 
quarlerl AIIO, campul ",Ide committee 
appointments 0lIl 0\I0IIabIe. Con-o,~ne. include 
""""1011011 .... Ilud8nt cem.r bOard, potklng. 
communicatlonl. campul houling, health, 
financial ald. bookltore. coun .. llng and 
/JIYChOIQgIcaI IIIf\Ik:8I. and the f8Cl'8allol' and 
oIt1IeIicI corrm InIo In ReIIaIIe ciIIce. (3/12) 
Genltci AmeriCa ltudy group - IIgn up I\pItI 2-7 aI 
Groundwork IIooIrI In UCSO Sludant Center. 452-
9625. We QNI JjJcnIoring a number 01 other 
Inleraltlng goupI ne>rt quarter - call for InIo. (3/12) 
OOTA SIGMA PH ~ I heard that the pledges 
are Rf hUngytl Art active bro. (3112) 
TO:.I Kappa EptjIon. the flatemttv fer ..... Look Itlr the 
TI<E table and teeter-totter In Ihe spIIng.·(3/15) 
Get a head start on nell! yeat />fJf1ky for a RewIIe 
committee position. PoIItIona Include Revelle 
pKqOITl bOOrd, faculty PIOQCJm board. noon 
pragtOm bOOrd, IJOduOtion oorTIIl tIttM. judIcioJ 
comrrm ... cuttk:ulum ~. cornrruter acMIoIy 
bQgIQ, R8llel1e Sundy ItONI COII'Y1'-.rt_, college 
bOWl committee. Alto appIIcoIIoJ II fer ReIIelie 
CoIege Counl8llng ore 0\I0IIaI)(eI Get InIlolYed 
befcte Iti too Iotel (3112) 
fftJIhmen: NoN IhoI YOU'Iie .... ooed UCSO, 
aJpetIence Tl<EI Spring Rush wtI be our bell _ . 
(3/15) 
snJDENTS IMTH HART pI1 plat 10 attend Int 
agonIzatianal meellng to a.rpport GaIy Hart Itlr 
I'I8Iident. TueI. March 13 aI noonUS8403lA.(3/12) 
"RJSION T~ REACTOR DeIign. ConIItcints 81 
Opltons" 10 be giwro Wed. Mar. 14,6 pm In UH 2102. 
The apeakaI'. John DoIIeAat Oo.laa .... Ior eng"'-
for Inn Nuclear Enagy. AlI....acoo. (3,'12) 
Looking for that fraterna( bond? Look forTouKoppa 
EIJIiIon in the 5pI1ng RuItt. (3115) 

FOR SALE 
SpaldIng SquodIa-courw racing IkiS w/Sl'l7's 
z)1cm Uled 5 days. S195/b.o. muslS8ll. OINIght481· 
1386. (3112) 
HewIeIt Paclcord 15C progranvioabte lCientlflc 
calClJlOIor. 51111 brand nfIIoN In box. $80. Mark 459-
6OJ6. (3112) 

lNlcal 150 UNIX system. 6800J cpu. 512kb rom 15rro 
had disk, 1Ioppy, graphicl693-!Kl84. (3/15) 
68 0Ids wagon 101/ PI. pi) runs exit cheap. reliable 
lronIporIotiOn. No bIokeI S485 or best 45 7 ·1387 Scot. 
(3/12) 
RefligeJalor, WhIrtpoo!, medium lized, while. Good 
condIllan S105. Call 452·5708 aIIer 5 pm. (3112) 
71 ~ Von IIIbulIt Irar\s. Runs l0'III1 bul needllnler. 
decor. S10001011er 4S3-J500 ofter 4 pm. (3/12) 
Coia IV 191-:0 Inch RCA Great picture - only S90. 
Call 452-6708 aIIer 5 pm - oJJOI ~ S1 a 
pieCe. (3/12) 

WANTED 
PART·TIME hoo III liP« rg.liIov-In.lOIary. ownrm. fum. 
"-liaI:IIe COl og'''iaI pelIOn. Need cor 273-5458. 
(4/2) 
SlIter needed l-NoallemoorwWl8llkIy 12-5. 452-6856 
or 481-7421 _ (3115) 
SIM!OARI>. 6'~ 10 egg Ihape.IingIe fin. up 10 S100 
for a toiIIy good board. l.ouren 454-5007 babe 10. 
(3114) 

~ Dilttlbulor seeks young men '" \OoQm8f'Ilo 
... 0!ympIc goodS. Excellent cornrrftIIon. (213)827-
5672. (3/15) 
5U'.1MER J08S - Openings for COIT1pU$ COUIlIIIior aI 
Ihe MillIon Boy ,tq,JaIJc center starting .Me ," 
1984. ~ imrnedlotelv in penon at MBAC 488· 
1036. lntervl8wl ,stort March 14. (3/15) 

SERVICES 
~D PROCESSING: ~ 181Vice. Pickup 81 
deli11ery on COmp.JS. Coli Ard; at 279-!l)56. (3/15) 
Typist - English MA speclatizlng In manuscript$. 
lerm papers "S 1.00 per page .Janet 454-4659 10 om-9 
pm (3/10) 
UWoIANTED HAiR REMCMO PERMANENTlY near 
COfY'4)UI. La JoI(o PIoIeuIonoI Cenler, 8950 Villa La 
.Jolla Dr. SuIte 116O-C Call for oppl457-4OJ9. (6/7) 
Typing! Word PIoceuIngI Rush jobIl Term papers. 
1'-. ~~ IIonscItpIIon. JennIter. 274·5005. 
(6/7) 

Typing; 24-hour. quciIty I8IUIIs tor S1.25/pg. CoIl 
ReIIoe to onange pickup and delivery. 453-\lO67. 
(3/8) 
For thole InIer8lted In Human Potanltol and psych<>-
phySicoI tnCJIIOQ8. Studenl Discounts. 692·9549. 
(3/15) 
lYf'I'lG - S1 per page dlscounl Klnko's CopieILa 
.JciIo 'VIllage SQuae. 232-9797. (3115) 
Typing. WCJId prooessIng. couelte transcrlpllon. 
Qucilty WOtI< at I1IOIOOObIe roles. La Jolla. Sondv 
459·5818. (3/15) 

Elcceptiorlol typing. 011 ~ Super IBMUI. FaIt. 
preciIe, spelling. 5" min. OIOIOY. MorIann 450-1138. 
(3/15) 
lYPING: IBM RUSH JOBS larm papers traM 
dI.-totions editing 453.{)656 (_)452-6188. (6/7) 
TYPtNGI...oRD PROt. - n-.-/DI ..... Papers -
Elcper. 011 format - ReaIonObIe Rates - No. County 
726-3087. (3/15) 

Business and Tecluiical Majors 
Highly responsible positions for college seniors and .'. 
graduates (through age 34) in financial and logistic support. 
The Navy Supply Corps needs highly qualified, dynamic 
individuals to lead and manage large inventory and 
financial networks. Salary $18,500 to start, $34,000 after 
4 years. Excellent benefits package. Need BAlBS, U.S. 
citizenship. Call Naval Management rrograms, 293-6746, 
8:00 am . 4:00 pm, Monday through Wednesday. 

Manuscrlpls. theses, disswlalions. lesumes typed. 
Expetienced. S1 page os Betty 755-4779. (5/24) 
HIgh quality. foil 81 accurate typing wilh IBM III at 
special rate for students. Same dO( savice. 16 yYS. 
8ICP. Coli feIy 452-1393 anytime. (3/15) 
Ptepare to ecm extra money In pori-time word 
proceaing jobI. Counewore CoITlluter Institute con 
train Vo.J in hOu's - not months. Corwenient 
evening claua Most8lCotd and VIsa accepted. 
Coli 565-1552 today. (3{15) 
High quality: fait. occUtOle typing at special rale for 
students. Someday 181\1ice. 16yn.exp. Call FeIy 452· 
1393 onyttme. (3/15) 
IVPING: Foat/l'CcuralelReasonobIeIDlllerlallont/ 
Term Papers/Thelel/Relumes/Edltlng/Rush 
Jd::A/265-7537. (3/15) 
Tep dIower l808Iarioi seMce repoIIs. manuscripts. 
relUm8I. letters. ReoIonobIe coli 481-4160. (5/3) 
TraIIIc ac-. Court AiJprowd.·Sot, Sun. __ UTe, 
Million v,*,. Tonev PInes 1m. Reg 565-1767. (3/12) .. 

HOUSING 
IJrNmiIhed room fer rent In large, PfIIIaIe 3 baffi/2 
bath lkW. City hOme. Nonsmok8t, quiet, M or F. 
Shore IcItchen privI~ &. iaJndry IocIlWIel -
S'1!IJ/rro +\4 ultl: 457-5459 Kim (3/15) 
Room for rent on the beach 23 51. Del Mar. Avail. 
roN ttvu .June Z) SJIXlImo. Fun people 48 1-«>67 
aIIer 6 pm. (3/12) . 
fern shore greoI oo.-onty 'blk.U~beoch, 2 
bIcs. free butIIneI Imi UCSO. eosygcing girls. sun 
pallo, yard, garage, "S160/mo coli 454-5286 
CM:ilobIe ~ breci 
lk1Iv City S350 pit rm two ratIted women will ShOreIulC 
home IPCI pool ktlchen laundry ulils483-3205 or942· 
1705. (3115) 
I'errde wonled 10 Share room WapI. $1751 mo + 1/3 
ut1. Walk/bul 10 UCSO. PooI&JocuzzI. 100. Greal 
deaUl457·2152. (3/15) 
Living space 0IIbI. in Muir apl. lot rem. lull· tlme Muir 
stu Tep ftoor, ocean view. Coli 455-9958. (3/15) 
Wantwct Quiet MmaIe IOCiImIlro!e with excellent 
stua-t habits '\0 shore large mast.. bedroom In 
Solano Beach. Condo is on !he beaCh with tamll 
couts. pool, sauna, joccuZzI 81 II conpelely 
funiJhed. 5250/ mo. No smJkers~. AIIOik:tbIe In 
2 \oIks. Call 481·3290. (3/15) 
Female roorrmoIe ~ renl $175 + ' .utllitles. 
0I0In bedroom. Mila MIlo. Huge condo. Info coil 
271·9708. (3/12) 

PERSONALS 
1984 has olTllled. TOke conhol 01 the fulure and be a 
pori 01 Revelle College CounCil lor 84-85. 
Applications OIIcilobie In the ~Ie PttMlsYs 
0IIice. (3/12) 
Delta SIgs: It's had keeping the goal In !he 
backyard - bul \oIhere's !he Sheep? BRUlWTAl. 
(3/12) 
Jamie, Whot else can \0119 fIJV bullh<nc you? Special 
people like you make life belter Just by being !here. 
Hope thai \0119 con be looked upon to be there too. 
Family but 0110 friends. Julia and Leanne. (3/12) 
To: Dove, GaIy, Jirn Gvo(, Todd R. ond Mike (the Ella 
TA), Voudon'l hoIIelobeaTI<EIU' sisler 10 oppracIote 
the TOTAl. TKE MAN ... l.aII'8 !he TalollNomen. (3/12) 

Ska Reggae with !he IRaJSERS, dOnee with 
emotion. Sot. 3/17 at 8 pm. 52. YOAJ ain't been 1111 you 
been thera. (3/15) 
HoPPV 2)th S-riel Lotsa hug! and klSl8SlIomyour 
"ooze" Rler and portner In a1me. Sue-b. (3/12) 
POpito ESlav feliz de que ales 0QUi. Elel eI hOrntlte 
de mI vida. Te ArTYJ. Ale. (3/12) 
the HURRICANESlWIId rhythm 81 bluel (thai's like jazz 
bll.*. man) at !he Che Cale Fri. 3/16. 8 pm. S2. 
(3/15) 
Moll. you're so sillyllNe know you're not thai kind 01 
guy! So therelJullo and Leanne. p.~ Don't leI schOol 
life gel Vo.J down. Get away, 'OoOIch the rocks f¥C1oIi, 
Iislen to !he IUNaI. Hong onl (3{12) 
To Gvo( .. . INhaI a Guy! We took 0 vote and decided 
that yoiu are !he mo&l gotgaious looking fraternity 
man aI UCSO ... !hey coulnd'1 hoIIe made a better 
TI<E man II they IrIed. We ae loOking IoIwoId 10 
seeing you TGIO .. 000 Baby" (3/12) 
lorn I know that I ml~ mv Iurn. bul fr1endI IOke 
walks loo! The diffefenl one. (31 1 2) 
Michelle, Open mouth Change feel. Sony. Leoma. 
(3/12) 
Pregnant? Choose aternati119s 10 obottIon. Son 
Diego PrcrlJfa League Hotline: 583·5433, 941·1515. 
(3/15) 
The champion f'Iovbov d the -rem WOIId is here 
at !he UCSD Theatre. (3/12) 
DELTA SlG pledges: Allan H .. AI G. ReI\. Deon, Bjorn, 
1NiII, KevIn. Ovls. and Keny. You \IUYS did a tlIUtol Rf 
aI U Shor9II 5Iav cool - the goal Is stili around. 
Brutci. (3/12) 
Mike Dontos. Has anyone _ tOld Vo.J IhOI you 're CIS 
cute CIS a bug's ear? Julia and Leanne. (3/12) 

LOST Be FOUND 
-

Found: Gold tIIOCeIeI In front ct Mandeville 2/26 coli 
Genie 453-2559 10 ldenllty. (3/15) 
S40 REWARD for retum 01 beat -up blue jackel with 
keys in pocket. Lost 2/24, Revelle Compus. 457-2785 
keep ItyIng. (3/12) 
Lost A dark blue "FOIogonIo" jacket 01 !he IX»! 
aIIIce on TU8Ic:iOV. Feb. 28. Reword coli Dove. 455-
1556. (3/12) 
Lost. Metal bell from Alghonistan. 30 incr- Iono-
chain melCh. I?vr1onoI o,olue. Mane ex. 6768 or 
3005. ~ (3/15) 
Found: ~er on gtOS$ by HL on 7Mor• Coli 281-
4552. (3/15) 
Found: ThermOs in APM 2113 on 7Feb. Coli 281-4552. 
(3/15) 

TRAVEL 

Counc:lllloliel/CIEE prcMdeilntorrnotlon on studenl 
charters. IOilpcl\l8l. inn student id's. hostal cordi. 
leus tor CJgeI18-35. \I\IQI( and stud\' programs. and 
much mote. Step by !he 5ludent Cenler or coil 452-
063.::l. (61 7 ) 
Council TrtfIIei ~ts Indepeo tdeI,llrtfIIei Through 
Europe. Learn abOut lhe basiC$ - Attend OUt flee 

~ March 12,5-7 pm No. Conf. Room CoIl 452-
06:l) tor RSVP. (3/12) • 

UCSD Events Office presents 

BEAUX&TS·T RIO 
Beethoven Trio in B flat major, Op. 11 

Shostakovitch: Trio, Op. 61 
Mendelssohn: Trio in D minor, Op. 49 

April 4, Wednesday, 8:00 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 

GA. $12.00, UCSD St. $5.50 
UCSD Box Office & Ticketron: 432-4559 
------~--



# • 

TheW 
Meetings 
MONDAY 
6100 pIII- All students are invited to rome 
and disQJSS how to rely on God. divine Mind. 
in stuc¥ng br an taking final exams at the 
CtYIstian Sdencr Oroanlzatlon rneeting. In 

~~~11e Informartounge. 
8100 pili - UCSO Coed Cycling Team 
meeting for all members. Very importantl 
Please be there or risk a stiff fine. In HSS 1138. 
TUESDAY 
Noon - Students with Hart. 'UCSO first 
organizational meeting for students 

jnter~ted ~n _ campaigning for Gary Hart for 

.Se~ces/Workshop~ 
MONDAY ..... DAY 
9100 __ noon • 1 :e.JIOO pili - Does 
stress affect you 7 Last chance this quarterl 
Answer your questions about blood 
pressure. skin and colds at the Student 
Health Advocate run by ~ Shoppe - Self 
care centers at Student Health Service. first 
floor near first lobby. 
MONDAY 
21OO-J'- pili - EVE Group - this is a 
be~ral management weight loss progam 
open to UCSO women students. Its title 
"EVE" is to point the diffirulty the late 
afternoon and evening hours pose for those 
who are trying to modify their weight 
Attention will be paid to strategies for roping 
with these times. with stress. with bad habits 
and other factors which promote overeating. 
Group members will set goals and rewards 
based on supportive change strategies such 
as food exchange plans. relaxation. 
hornelNOrk and peer support. Meets ~kly 

'Religious F~nctions 
MONDAY ..... DAY 
5100 pm - Catholic Mass. Sponsored by the 
Catholic Communif¥ at UCSO. In the 
Uliversif¥ I..utheran Church. 

MONDAY 
7100 pm - catholic Bible Stu~. Make new 
discoveries and new friends. Sponsored by 
the catholic Communif¥ at UCSO. leader: 
Tammi Winkler (453-4973). In the catholic 
Lounge at the Uliversif¥ Lutheran Church. 
71'15 pili - Campus Crusade for Christ's 
"~ Break". Come and enjoy Christian 
singing. fun. and enter or watch what's sure 
to be an awesome talent showl In the 
Olanc.eflors COOl>lex III-A. 

nJlSDAY 
,J0t00 ... - catholic Bible Stuay. Leader: 
John Warren (481-8505). Sponsored by the 
catholic Communif¥ at UCSO. In the Lounge 
of the Uliversif¥ Lutheran Church. 
7'- pm - "Are You Catholic But Don't 
Know Why?" A Catholic Discussion Group 
forusing on this ~'s tc?PIc. Sponsored by 

'ACademic; SeNices 
MONDAY ..... DAY 
lIdO .... Z" pili - SIGI. System of 
Interactive Guidance and Information is a 
computer-based program of career 
inforrTJation desigled to help you clarifyyour 
wlues and occupational interests. For more 
information, c~ to career Planning & 
Placement In HL 1058. 
lIdO MI-4IOO pm - PAL Con~rences -
Don't spend more time studying than 
neassaryI Sctlec1A1e a one-to-one PAl 
(personal assistance for learning) conference 
to streamline your studying. The conferences 
will deal with )QJr course mater-ials roncems 
induding reading CO"l>'ehens/on, memory 
control, lecture notetaking, and test 
preparation, as .......ell as how to manage your 
time, handle stress, roncentrate better, and 
OIIef'come proaastlnatJon. Sponsored by the 
cy\s/S Reading and ~ SIdils Center. In 
USB 4010. 
adO....-41OO pIII-OASIS Writing Center 
~ fr~ service for all UCSO students who 
need pre-writing help, ron~ences on drafts. 
and editing ~. We engage ant kind of 
writing and i!Inf kind of writing problem. 
CorftrerlceS are by appointment only. 
EvenIng appointments are row also ~1abIe 
in OASIS Third Place at Third College. (For the 
full range of seMces S«" bad< cA Fall 

~/e~ call 452-2284 or come by USB 
~010 to make an appointment This service is 

eekfy 
President. In USB 4020. 
1100 pili - Please rome to the second 
organizational rTftting for the Democratic 
Club on campus. We are looking br 
interested individuais with great ideas. In the 
Multi-purpose room. 
- Israel Action Committee Meeting. In the 

Multi-purpose room. 
WEDNISDAY 
6100 pili - Mechanical Engineering Club 
~ting & lecture. J. Dalessandro (/NESCO) 
will speak on fusion energy. New members 
~come. In UH 2102. 
PRlDAY 
~.- pm - Hi there foiksl I'm back on the 

at the Warren College Outback cafe. 
COntact facilitators Bell Harju at 452-398 7 or 
Tamille Porter at 452-3035 to sign up. 
lUEJDAY 
J.o.5100 pm - campus Black Forum -
This is an informardiscussion group centered 
on issues, concerns and the qua/if¥ of li~ of 
the Black community at UCSO. It is an open, 
ongoing group, and students can join at any 
time. Phil Raphael and Rochelle Bastien, 
Counseling and Psychoiogical Services, 
facilitators. Meets in the Mt VIew Lounge of 
Third CoUege. Students who would like more 
information can call either Phil at 452-3035 
or Rochelle at 452-3755; otherwise ttry can 
just show up at the meetings. 
WEDNISDAY 
"-10100 .. - ~Entry Students' 
Support Group - This group is designed for 
re-entry men and women undergraduate 
students to haIi'e the opportunity to share 
concerns .related to their transition into the 
acac/emic world. The group provides a way to 
make contact with other older students in a 
caring environment. Led by ~iriam Iosupoyid 

the catholic Communif¥ at UCSO. in the 
Lounge of the Uliversity I..utheran Church. 
w.DNISDAY 
6100 pili - Student supper and Bible stuay 
sponsored by the Lutheran Comrrunity at 
UCSO. Open to all. In the Lounge of the 
Uliversif¥ I..utheran Church. 
7'- ... - c...atho/ic-Lutheran-EpisccpaI 
Lenten program ~aturing Mr. Art 0Iderk:h of 
·San Diego Hospice presenting a talk on 
caring for the terminally ill. Evef}o1e 
.......eIcome. In the Chapel of the LkWersif¥ 
Lutheran Church. 
aaoo pili - Catholic Bible St~. Leader: 
Ellen caprio (272-5734). Sponsored by the 
Catholic Communif¥ at UCSO. In the Lounge 
of the Lkliversif¥ I..utheran Church. 
IChOO pili - candlelight Mass. Sponsored 
by the catholic Communif¥ at UCSO. In the 
Chapel at the Ul~if¥ I..utheran Church. 
THURSDAY 
2100 pili - Catholic Bible St~. Leader: 
Emma Lee caprio (272-5734). Sponsored by 
the camolic Communif¥ at UCSO. At the 
Hump at Muir (in rain: Cloud's Rest). 
1145 pili - Thursday Night Dinner. Enjoy 
good food and good rofTl>any. Sponsored by 
the catholic Community at UCSO. In the 

avai~e throughout the quarter. 
9100 -.4100 pm - Grammar Moses 
Hotline - A grammar hotline phone-in 
service for help with diction, grammar and 
punctuation problems. To reach Grammar 
Moses, call 452-2284. Sponsored by the 
OASIS Writing Center. Service available 
throughout the quarter. 
1I>>4l00 pm - Drop-In-Hours. For quick 
questions pertaining to career plaming. job 
t1JntJng, resume aitiqueing etc. For more 
individual attention sign-up or call 452-3750 
for an appointment with an ac:Msor. In' 
Career PlMlning HL 1058. 
MONDAY 
, ... JIIO pm - Mock interview. SeeIng 
and hearing )QJrself on videotape can help 
put the flnisting touches on interview skills. 
Prerequisite: Interviewing skills workshop. 
Call career PI.n1ing & Placement at 457-
3750 to make an appointment In HL 1058. 
1UDDAY 
10.-11100 .. - The l..arl9Jage Program 
L.e\iel I & II - ThIs CY\SIS program focuses on 
the thinking slellls )QJ need to successfully 
harldIe the reading and writing tasks 
assigned in )QJr courses. It is desigled for 
those who want to perfect their English 
/angI.Jage skills. lP dasses are taught by 
reading and writing specialists and bilingual 
tutors. lP is presented by the <:>AS/S Writing 
Center and the OASIS Reading Center. In 
USB 4010. 
10100 .. nDan - Finals Prep - Bring 
your course materials and get organized for 

Cafe 
ball again. 1f)QJ hM not yet come to games 
CJ'l Friday what else are you 001ng? We 00 
....tIat )'OU want starting at 6:30 pm in APM 
2113. We look forward ~ seeing youl 

Other 
nJaDAY 
.. pili - Energy Seminar (jtIen by Or. 
I.Joyd Zumwalt from North carolina State 
Uliversif¥. Topic: "Degraded Core Acdc/erlt 
Source Terms in Nudear Reactors". In UH. 
8100 pili ' - LAGO's Social Hour: a very 
inbrmal gathering of UCSO's lesbian and gay 
communif¥. A great place to rTftt others in a 

and Chris Osterloh. Meets in Hl. 1003. 
Students should call Becca at 452-3755 to 
sign up. ~ by Psycnotogical Services. 
Noon-IIOO ..... - ~aling with Stress 
Workshop - This one hour workshop will 
forus on redudng stress br studer1ts with 
busy lives. Monitoring sjgns of stress and an 
easy-to-use relaxation exercise will be 
taught. Meets at the North Con~rern 
room, Student Center. ~red to all UCSO 
students by Lori Kolt and Chris Osterloh of 
Psychological Services. 
1HURSDAY 
, .... JIOO pm - Peer Counseling Group 
for those RecOIIef'ing from Eating Disorders 
(RED II). The main bcus of this group is to 
train students who are rec:overing from 
CClfY1JU1si\Ie eating habits, or bOUts with 
eating disorders to become peer oounselors. 
Topics will include learning aDout various 
eating problerns. including ~I and 
emotional aspects. After a period of training. 
group members will provide peer oounsellng 
and educational services to other UCSD 
students, as ~I as prOVide mutual support 

Lounge of the Uliversity lutheran Church. 
7 • .0 ~..... - Catholic Bible Stuay. Leader: 
Mary Barger (294-2884). Sponsored by the 
catholic Communif¥ at UCSO. In the Lounge 
of the l.hi\Iersif¥ Lutheran Church. • 
PlllDAY 
6110 ..... - Meeting of the reorganized 
sodal action rommittee of the catholic 
Comtrunity at UCSO. Committ~ is row 
called "The Servants of ~ace and Justice", 
meeting is to plarl events A:>r Spring Quarter. 
All are welcome. In the Lounge of the 
UniYersif¥ Lutheran Church. 
7 .... 7 .. 5 ... - Pr¥rs br Peace. All are 
welcome. In the Chapef of the ~ 
Lutheran Church. 

SA~Y 
5100 pm - Catholic Mass. Sponsored by the 
catholic CorMlUnif¥ at UCSO. In the 

Ul~if¥ Lutheran Church. 
SUNDAY 
8100 • 10100 .. - EpiscDpaI Church 
Worship Service: Sunday Eucharist and Parish 
fellowship. Good Samaritan Episcopal 
Churdl 4321 Eastgate Mall Across Genes~ 
from east end of campus, north of La .Jolla 
Village Dr. Intersection of Eastgate Mall and 
Genesee. 

finalsl You'lIleam how to apply the successful 
SCORE system, predict test questions, and 
review for total preparation in any course. 
Sponsored by OASIS Reading & ~ Skills 
Center. In TCH 141. 
~11OO pnI- The French Workshop Is 
designed mainlY. for students who are writing 
papers or other dass assignments in French. 
Students not working on specific papers, but 
who would like to perfect their writing abilif¥ 
in French, are also ~me. lhe workshop 
will offer a unique opportunit:y for studerlts 
to edit their 0\I\II'l papers, and see/( 
constructive critidStn from their peers. It will 
also provide clarification of grammar, 
medlanics, and sentence and paragr~h 
structure. Pre-writing c:isrussions, when 
necessary, will be conclJcted in French. 
Students may attend on regular or occ.as;onaJ 
basis. In USB 4070. 
ZIOO-JIOO pIII- The OASIS GM (Grammar 
& Mechanics) \M:>rtcshop is desqled br 
students INho would like to work on 
darlfying basic gramtTlatbl concepts and 
categories, and apptytng them in ~, 
systematic series of practical exercises. An 
exer-dse manual to be purtflased by the 
student will be used. All work will be 
CDfll)Ieted in thf! rontext of the wcrI<shop. In 
USB30D. 
w.DNISQAY 
.... ,0100 ... - The OASIS GM 
(Grammar & Mechanics) Workshop is 
designed for students who would like to 
work on clarifying baSic grarrwnatical 

ndar 
romfortable atmosphere. Call 452-6969. 
WllDNaaAY 
6100 pili - "Desigl of the Fusion Tokamak 
ReaclDr: Constraints, Tradeotrs and Options" 
will be g/Ve'l by a senior medlanlcal engineer 
for Inti. Nuclear Energy Systems (/NESCO). In 
UH 2/02 
~Y......aAY 
- Festival of 1ndIiI- experience the eJedting 

glamour of Ihe andent east. feasting br 
thousandsl ~xhlbitionsl continuous 
entertainment/ theatre! musicI Dance to live 
rodel Sponsored by the UCSO UEOIC 
Cultural Society. Between tXt}' Hall and g)TYl, 
all~. 

and enmuragement Some funding may be 
available for peer c:ounsetIng. Offered by Bell 
Harju, PsychoI0gIcaI SeMces. Interested 
students should call8ev at 452-3987 br into 
and sigl up. In the Warren College ProI.<ost's 
Otftce, 302 Warren ~. 
PlllMY 
Noon - Test Anxiety Reduaion Workshop 
- Offered by Comie Irunig of Psyd1oIogical 
SeMces, this wor/cstq) ii designed to help 
students minimize anxiety in test-taki1g 
situations and i~ pedormance on tests. 
Open to all IXSO students. Meets kl HSS 
2148, Cori. Rm. 
I ........ PIlI - Enhancing Social Sldlls 
Group - Meet new friends, ~ and 
iOl>I'O\I'e interpersonal and sodaI skills 
through presentation anc:/ practice in a 
frierlcty, supportive group atmosphere, Led 
by Dr. St~ Br~ and 8ab Irvin of 
Ps}<hological Strvtcrs. ()per1 to all UCSO 
men and \o\Otner1 students wm identify with 
being ~ or reserved. Meets in Hl 1003. 
Interested students please call St~ at 452-
3755 to sign up. 

... _ -CattDIic Mass. SponIored by the 
catholic ComrrunIly at UCSO. In the 

~ Lutheran Church. 
1 ... _ - Bible Stuc:V- "II Corinthians," 
led I:!I Pastor .Jam Huber. In Ihe lDunge of 
~ UWersit;y ~ Church. 
1 ... _ - CathoIc MIa. Sponsored by 
~ catholic COfI'IfU1Ity at UCSO. In the 
Student Center. Bldg. B. Lower~, otrlc:e 
of R!/igious Nrairs. 
11100 _. 7 ... pili - Lutheran \M)rshjp 
Services open to all. In thf! chapel of the 
~ LutherMl Church. 
... pili - catholic Bible ~. Leader: 
Greg Reiter (271-6112). Sponsored ~ !he 
cat10Iic CommJnity at UCSO. In ~ 0ftIce 
of the cathoic Lounge at the I.kMrsity 
Lutheran OlJrch. 
....... -Catholic Mass. Sponsored by the 
catholic Communi1¥ at UCSO. In the 
U1iversity Lutheran Church. 
.7" .... - EpiscDpaI Student Fellowship. 
• Prayer, song. bible stucly, disQJsslon, 
refreshments. fun For inb call 5676661. 
..II .... - Folk Mass. Good SamarItan 
EpisCDpaI Church 4321 Eastgate Mall. Across 
Genesee from east end of campus north of Ui 
Jolla 'v111age Dr. at Eastgate and Genesee. 

ronCepts and categories, and applying them 
in e~, systematic series of practical 
exerdses. An exercise manual to be 
purc::hased by the student will be used. All 
work will be COfTl>leted in the oontext of the 
workshop. In USB 30308. 
ZIOO ......... - Test-Taking Strateg;es -
Ever lose points because you misread a 
question or didn't (jve a COfT1)lete arlSwer7 . 
00 you lind some ~ questions tricky 
or confU,sing? Do )'OU ~r what it takes 
b) write' an outstanding essay ansllllef'? This 
IIIoOrkshop will answer your questions and 
show )'OU how to get the most out of )'OUr 
stuc¥ng. In Btdg. B Cont. Rm. Student 
Center. 

- Brand neN internships'" TIle AS 
Internship OffIce has many excellent new 
opportunities. We rw:NI offer internships with 
organizations such as the SO City Attorney's 
otfIa, UCSD MI!cIcaI School, 91)(, and the 
NY Starr Asembty. For more info come visit 
our ornce iJbcNe the gameroom in the 
Student Center or call us at 452-4689. 
.. DAY 
.... ,0100 .. - The Language Program 
le\,<ef I & /I - nMs OASIS program Axuses on • 
the thinking skills )'OU need to successfully 
hanc:Ie the reading and wrltng tasks 
assjgned in your murses. It is desq1ed br 
those who want to perfea their English 
language skills. LP classes are raught by 
reading and writing specialists and blHnguai 
tutors. LP is presented by the OASIS Reading 
& \Xh'1ting Center. In USB 4010. 

It 


