


US Customs Agents will begin to 
assess fines to those who are caught 
smuggling foodstuffs, pets and other 
agricultural items across international 
borders. First-time offenders will be 
penalized S25, while second time 
offenders and extreme cases will be 
assessed $50. Those unwilling to pay 
the fines wiD be referred to a judge who 
could levy fines of up to S1000. 

o 
A new laser printer service is now in 

service that will provide an economical 
alternative to typesetti ng on aD 
Computer Center VAX UNIX systems 
and catt-a, catt-b accounts. The laser 
printer, like the typesetter, offers a large 
selection of type sizes and special 
symbols. Most files which have be!n 
prepared for the typesetter or 
Diablo/Xerox printer can be printed on 
the laser printer without modification. 
The cost is S.17 per page. Accounts can 
be opened at the business office, located 
at 1141 AP&M. 

o 
The AlJentinian ambassador to the 

United States, Lucio Garcia del Solar, 
will address the World Affairs Council 
of San Diego on Monday evening, 
February 27. His topic will be "The 
Future of Democracy in Argentina." The 
lecture will begin at 8 :00 in Forum Hall 
al UTC. The event is open to the public. 
For more information, call the World 
Affairs Council office at 231-0111. 

o 
Waiting For The Invasion: U.S. 

Citizens in Nicaragua is a video 
documentary produced and directed by 

1968". 
The University of California student 

newspapers have joined together in the 
formation of a campus-wide press 
service, to be known as Unipress. Much 
like the national news services, AP and 
UPI, it will provide same-day coverage 
of UC campus news. 
1969". 

At last Tuesday's meeting of the 
Academic Senate, a resolution was 
passed which asserted the nght of the 
University of Californta faculty to 
collective bargaining. This action was 
seen as the result of the situation at San 
Francisco State, where II became eVident 
that faculty members were vulnerable to 
legal action in their strike . 
1970". 

"The UnIversity IS tOtally depenc..lem 
on us. We hold the purse strings. Let's 
use them," said Sta te Assemblyman John 
Stull. ·We must have a renaissance 
of AmericanIsm to cope wi th the 
barbanans whom we have tolerated long 
in our midst. " Stull is a primary 
amagonIst of the UCSD campus. 
1971... 

The Third College Assembly voted 
Tuesday night to "ban the Tnton Times 
reporter" from its meetings. Mike Lyons, 
a former IT staffer and a fo rmer city 
editor of Third World, said , 'Coverage of 
the last Assembly meeting was In very 
bad taste and emphaSized all the 
negative aspects of the meeting." 
1972". 

LaSt week the men at UCSD had their 
own debate on the "Right to Abortion" 
led by Dr. Paul Saltman and Dr. Walter 
Tn nkaus. A women's organization 
protested the debate, saying, "Abortion 
IS not an intellectual question and 
cannot be debated." 
1973". 

An exhibition of Japanese Ukly~-e 
woodblock prints loS being presented at 

UCSD Communications Professor 
DeeDee HaDeck. The project was shot in 
1983 by Emmy-award winning 
cameraman Skip Blumberg and explores 
the lifestyles and political oudooks of a 
diverse group of Americans living in 
Nicaragua. The different attitudes of the 
American ambassador to Nicaragua and 
a regional director of a multi-national 
corporation contrast Ihose of Ihree US 
citizens who work direcdy with the 
Sandinista government. The 
documentary will be aired the week of 
March 2 on Southwestern Cable. 

D 
Renowned UCSD Communications 

Professor Herb Schiller will speak at the 
Che Cafe on Wednesday nighl at 7. 
Professor Schiller will explore the 
communication industry through the 
print media. 

o 

A symposium on aquaculturt in 
Southern California will be presented by 
the aquarium at UCSD's Scripps 
Insti tution of Oceanography on 
Saturday, March 3. The program will 
feature eight speakers from research and 
retail aquaculture groups to discuss the 
raising of saltwater and freshwater 
animals and plants for commercial 
purposes. It will be held from 9 am to 5 
pm in Sumner Auditorium. The lecturers 
will present details on a variety of local 
aquaculture projects and explain how 
specific aquatic plants and animals are 
raised and maintained . The fee for the 
symposium is SIS. Call Scripps 
Aquarium at 452-4087 for registration 
and information. 

the UCSD An Gallery. The Japanese 
prim is curremly enjoying a revival of 
popularity after many years of neglect. 
In their time, the Ukiyo prints were 
meant to represent the fleeting world of 
intense pleasure. 
1914 ... 

The Building Advisory Committee for 
the University/ Student Center has 
decided to hold a contest to establish a 
permanent name for the Center. The 
proposed names will be reviewed , then 
the three fInahsts will be sent to the 
Chancellor for consideration. 
1975". 

UC San Diego will dedicate its llew 
$5.3 million Ernest W. MandeVille 
Center for the Ans With an II -day 
public festival of music, drama and art. 
Major events Include stage works by 
UCSD composers, a performance by the 
Inner Ci ty Repertory Dance Company 
and an eve ning concert series. 
1976". 

Before a crowd of 300 at the Revelle 
Plaza Monc..lay afternoon, ten stude nts 
appearec..l With their lawyers to rouse 
suppOrt for their case, wh ich is currently 
being discussed III diSCiplInary hearings. 
The ten studcnts Jre charged with 
VIOlatIons of cam pus regulations c..I uring 
UC Presldel1l DaVid SaxDn's VISIl to 
UCSD The ten were protcsting CIA 
Involvement WIth Uc. 
1977". 

The San D l(~go City CounCil has 
recently passed a proposal that asks the 
Regents .of the UnIversity to tcnmnate 
UCSD's Bike o-op as a hi cycle rerrlller. 
This action , as well as the Umverslty 
admimstratlon 's pa~t and future 
response , raises a h,)st of qucstlons 
which are of Vital Interest to UCSD's 
community. 
1978". 

The UC Regent, have responded 
demurely to the challenge of 

The Student Center is, and should always be, primarily for student use. We 
wholeheartedly support any plan which would actually lead to a greater.sense of 
community among students, staff and . faculty,. though ~e flady reject any 
argument that passive consumensm faclhtates IhlS mteracuon. Butldmgs alone 
cannot create community, but programs can. 

The Student Center is the hub of the University experience. It serves as a 
multi-purpose laboratory where ideas become innovative organizations, and 
these student-run organizatiOns serve as a forum for student expressIOn. The 
Student Center stands as the key ingredient of the goals of UCSD, being that 
which aDows knowledge to transform Into action. 

The cooperative organizations now present in the Student Center oITer the 
quintessential paradigm of the type of program needed to promote a sense of 
community here at UCSD. Whether tt be the Food Co-op, the General Store, 
KSDT or SAAC, cooperatively-run organizations in the-Student Center allow 
students to operate and comrol those entities which also serve them. 
Community forms not Out of passive consumerism but out of worki ng together 
and sharing personal growth. 

The purposes of the Student Center do not include the services of a shopping 
mall. The surrounding community provides the desired outlets of consumer 
goods at nearby UTC and LaJolla Village Square. To invite a corporation into the 
Student Center to extract a profit is inherently not in the best interest of 
students. 

Any agreement concerning the Student Center and outside Interests, 
including vendors and benefactors, must be compatible with these conditions: 
the Student Center shall be solely governed by, completely owned by, and 
represent the values of, the UCSD students. Difficulties in maintaining student 
control have occurred in the past, and following these conditions smcrly will 
alleviate many of these problems in the future. 

The Student Center Board does, and should always, consist solely of student 
voting members. This Board retains all responsibility for allocating the Student 
Center Fee and all monies generated from rent and other taxes imposed upon 
outside interests' use of the Student Center space. All contracts drawn up with 
outside vendors must ensure the use of student employment, set parameters of 
operation, guarantee a certain level of income returning back to student use and 
secure the approval of the SCB, subject to annual review. Also, before accepting 
new enterprises from the outSide, it should first be asked if students can run it. 

A document of ownership needs to be drawn up clarifying ownershtp of the 
Student Center. The present Student Center has been 100% financed by 
Student Center Fees. However, the UC Regents owns the building outright. In 
order to secure legal ownership the Students must incorporate the Associated 
Students. 

The most crucial. though nebulous, aspect of the Student Center is that it 
represent student values. This issue IS of primary importance when certain 
benefactors oITer "donations" towards the expansion and improvement of 
faCilities. Since most !itudents do not support nuclear armaments and increased 
warfare as a way to bUild for our future, we would reject funding of any sort from 
General Dynamics, for example, or any other corporatIon representative of the 
military-induStnal complex. Neither would students accept money offered by a 
fast-food chain intereSted in promoting its abIlity to move its institution on 
campus. 

The Student Center stands as a bastion of student power. We, as students, 
must act shrewdly in order to uphold this expression of student enterprise and 
innovation. To the already overburdened sophomore who begs to be spared the 
details of an analysis of funding alternatIves, we state simply, "At least inform 
yourself." 

For instance, let's examine the present Student Center. The building 
originally cost S9OO,000 for construction. The UC Regents financed the project 
with a long-term loan which Students still repay quarterly with their Student 
Center Fees. By the time students have repaid the loan (of $900,000) the UC 
Regents will have accumulated an e.xtra S1.2 miDion of profit (interest). 
Obviously, students wiD want to reconsider before accepting that type of 
creative financing again. With a small amount of thought. we. arrive at an 
alternative. Originally, students voted to assess themselves an SIl per quarter 
Student Center Fee. Before the Student Center was ever built, the control of the 
fees remained Out of the students' hands and the money was used to balance the 
books of the floundering cafeteria system. Students could have simply chosen to 
tax themselves for three years and we would have paid cash for the present 
Student Center buildings. Instead, students are now committee to repaying a 
25-year loan with interest to the UC Regents. 

We assert it to be inappropriate to accept funding without an in-depth 
analysis of future students here at UCSD. To that end, the building wiD not be 
bUilt as an energy consumptive Center but rather as a model of the new 
technologies available which utIlize the sun, wind and other features of the 
surrounding environment. The Student Center must never resemble a shopping 
mall. Instead, the Student CeOler represents most clearly the UniverSity 
experience as a forum for studem expreSSIOn and student innovation. 

Co-ops and Enterprises 
Subcommittee of SCPBAC 

The AS Forum accepts submissions from AS-assocllJted organizations and 
IndiViduals. The \IleWS expressed in this column are not necessarily those of the 
Guardian. but rather those of the group/organization whose name appears at the end. 

uncDnstitutionality in subsidizing 
abortion services through Reg Fees by 
three students, claiming that, "It is the 
position of the University that the 
plaintiffs have nDt properly presented , 
and , llldeed under any circumstances, 
cannot mallltaIn these claims." 

1979". 
"A poet IS not bom," said Wal-Llm 

YIp, UCSD professor of Chinese and 
Comparative LIterature. "Everyone 
possesses poetIC Instict ," YIp SaId . "In 

recent years I have taken up the mission 
of trying to bndge the gap between East 
and Wesl." 

1980". 
Those crossing the Muir parking lot 

near Mandeville Center may have 
noticed a large white van, which has 
not moved from its SpOt in over a year 
and yet has remained unticketed . 
Campus police dldn't even know it was 
there. 

- Christopher Canole 

Homosexuals get legal 
protection through state bill 

Angeles), was that the bill issued an 
endorsement of homosexual conduct by 
the legislature. Richardson quoted 
several passages from both the Old and 
New Testament which described 
homosexuality as an abomination 
which, if forced to be accepted by 
others, is a threat to their liberty. 

Doolittle was also concerned that the 
bill would result in harassment of 
employers by employees who may 
unjustly testify they were not hired, or 
fired, because of their sexual orientation. 
In addition, he was concerned with the 
possible spread of AIDS and the 
opening of job mark'~ts otherwise closed 
to homosexuals 

By JACKIE AFFONSO 
Sacrammto Correspondent 

Homosexual men and women would 
be granted legal protection from 
discrimmatlon In employment under a 
bill which passed on the Senate floor 
Thursday. 

Assembly Bill 1, authored in 1982 by 
Assemblymember An Agnos CD-San 
Francisco), would include sexual 
orientation as a specified class under 
existing law which prohibits 
discrimination in employment on the 
basis of race, religiOUS creed , color, 
national origin , ancestry, physical 
handicap, medical conditIon. mamal 
starus, sex and age. 

After moral and religious arguments 
were debated, the bill passed' the upper 
house with a 22-16 vote. The bill 
received bipartisan support, although 
Republican senators raised the majority 
of the oppOSition. 

Senate Presidem Pro Tempore DaVid 
Roberti CD-Los Angeles) introduced the 

bill for diSCUSSIOn, calling it "the most 
important civil right issue we have 
before us in 1984." 

Roberti said gays are not free in their 
workplaces from the anxiety of losing 
their jobs after their sexual oriemation is 
"found out. " The bill, he said, attempts 
to free gays from this anxiety and allows 
them to choose jobs outside of 
stereotypical occupations. 

"There is nothing so basic to a 
person's liberty than hiS right to 
livelihood ," he said. 

Although the bill has two steps left III 
its legislative process, UC gay and 
lesbian students are optimistic it is 
going to make it, according to a leader 
of the UCSD Lesbian and Gay 
OrganizatIon and member of the UC 
Lesbian and Gay Imercampus Network. 

The UCS D student, who wished to 
remain anonymous, said the legislation 
gives gays "a feeling of protection." The 

student said discrimination does not 
only occur on the job but on the 
campuses as well . 

"For the first time in California we 
will have a leg to stand on," the student 
said. 

The UniverSity has already taken 
action to prohibit discrimination based 
on sexual orientation at the cam pus 
level. uc gay and lesbian studems were 
instrumemal in including a bill. 
specifying such action, into the UC 
regulations about six months ago, 
according to the students. 

Both the UC Student Lobby and the 
SBPC are in sup port of the measure , 
Caroline T esche, associate director for 
the lobby, said. 

"This bill is an important step forward 
for the gays and lesbians in our society." 

A consistent argument against the bill, 
raised by Senator John Doolinle (R-
Sacramemo) and H.L. Richardson (R-Los 

"Those people will be hired to work 
wi th your children ," he said. 

Senator Ed Davis (R-Canoga Park) 
told the Senate that hf')mosexuality is a 
sta te of mind which 15 not punishable. 

"I'm voting for this bill. In a secular 
sta te, this is the moral thIng to do." 

The argument reached its peak when 
Senator Alan Robbins CD-Los Angeles) 
asked Doolittle if he would hire a 
qualified homosexual. Doolittle answered 
if he didn't know the individual's sexual 
orientation, he probably would . He then 
added, "In my district, if you're a devout 
homosexual you are not quahfied ." 

The bill will be sem back to the 
Assembly, where it passed with a 41-36 
vote , for a re-vote on Senate 
amendments made January 5. It will 
then go to the governor, who has taken 
a neutral position on it, according to his 
press officers. 

In honor of 
the Sun God 
By GRACE NIELSEN 

"It's definitely a campus landmark," 
says Sue Lewis, a junior at Muir. 
Without a doubt, since its arrival at 
UCSD, the Sun God sculpture has 
generated much conversation and 
mischief. This spring, the Sun God , also 
affectionately called "The Bird", will 
become the cemer of attemion during 
the first annual Sun God Festival. 

The festival, which will be a carnival-
style event, will be held on May 11 on 
the lawn near Mandeville, where the 
bird sits. The day-long event is being 
coordinated by Lewis. 

Lewis says the festival was inspired 
by UCLA's annual Mardi Gras which is 
a week-long carnival that raises 
thousands of dollars for charity. A lot of 
the UC campuses have fest ival-type 
events, and Lewis says, "It's time that 
UCSD had one too." 

All the campus organ izations have 
been invited to organize game and food 
booths. To date, the plans include 
gambling booths, a "shave the balloon" 

NA VY NUCLEAR 
ENGINEERING 

any better offers? $24,000 
to $54,000 after 6 years. 
If you are 19 to 26 years 
of age majoring in math, 

chemistry, physics or 
engineering and would 
like to learn more about 

this opportunity 

CALL 
COLLECT 
(619) 

293·6746 
Call between the hours of 9 
am to 5 pm, Mon. thru Wed . 

booth, and one group is even trying to 
set up a professor dunking booth. 

Lewis says each group is responsible 
for the cost of the game or food needed 
for their booths, but each group will 
keep the money It makes, less 15% 
which goes to the AS to oITset the cost 
of the booths. 

A central prize booth will be set up by 
the AS, and Lewis says. "The AS is 
supplying prizes for all the organizations 
so that an the booths have prizes of 
equal value and get equal partiCipation." 

The festival will feature a raffle or 
prizes supplied by local merchants, an 
obstacle course and an Air Band 
competition. The festival will fall on a 
Friday, and a TGIF will be held from 3-
6 pm at the Bird. A late evening sock 
hop in the gym will close the festival. 

Lewis hopes 10 close off the parking 
lot between Peterson Hall and 
Mandeville, and put a stage there that 
will provide continuous entertainment. 

p/rtJsc Il,rn to page iJ 

Not just for Spanish majors only, but for everyone: beginners, "in between" 
students, and advanced. Put some excitement into your college career!! 
BEGINNEA OA ADvANCEO -Gost is about the 
samea. a semester In a U .S. COllege. $3,189. 
Price includes jet round trip to Seyilie from 
New York , room, board. and tuition com-
plete. Government grants and loans may be 
applied towards our programs. 

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - I 
F-3 I 

your name 

Uye with a Span ish family . attend classes 
four hours a day. four days a week . four 
months. Earn 16hrs. ofcredll (equivalentto4 
semesters taught in U.S. cOlleges over a two 
year time span) . Your SpanISh studies will be 
enhanced by opportunities not available in a 
U.S. classroom. Standardized tests show our 
students' language sk illS superior to students 
completing two year programs i n U.S. 
Advanced courses also. 
Hurry. It lakes a lot 01 time to make all ar-
rangements 
SPRING SEMESTER - Feb 1 - June 1 
FALL SEMESTER - Sept. 10 -Dec. 22 

each year. 
yOu r presenl s l ree t ad(:lfen I FULLY ACCREDITED - A Program of Trinity 
_______________ I Christian COllege. 

It 1°U would like tnform.tion 0" 'ulu,. PfOlf.ma gM 
pem'taMnl add, ... below. 

YOUI pt" ml'l n~n l " ' rf'f'1 AdO,,.,,, 

"P 

I<P 

For fUll Information - send coupon to: 

SEMESTER IN SPAIN 
2442 E. Collier S.E., F·3 
Grand Rapids, Michigan 49506 

(A Program of Trinity Christian College) 



... Ftbruary 27, 1984 
OPll'OlON 

•• 'o •• ~. ' ........ ~ .. ~ •••• ~ -X·", "'-<-' ....... " "~::; .• -..;_ •• ~-" .. ' 'o .... 

Editorial 

UCSD needs a voice 
on the Board of Regents 

As citizens of the United States, UCSD students are enticled to 
equal representation under the law, in the House of Representatives, 
the US Senate, the California Assembly and Senate and the San Diego 
City Council. But where it is most important, UCSD students have no 
representation - there is no UC regent from the San Diego area. 

Last week, the four US Representatives from the San Diego area 
wrote a letter to Governor Deukmejian, calling upon him to rectify the 
situation. They are jOined in their call by Mayor Hedgecock and 
members of the Board of Ove~ers of UCSD, according to the San 
Diego Union. The only regent ever to come from San Diego was 
attorney DeWitt Higgs, who completed his 16 years in office in 1982. 

Of the 20 regents in office, ten are from Los Angeles, nine are from 
the San Francisco Bay Area, and one is from Washington DC. Why is 
there no regent representing San Diego? A recent commentaty in the 
San Diego Union accuses fonner Governor Jeny Brown, who controlled 
appOintments for his eight years in office. of ignoring San Diego 
completely in his appointments. Regardless of who is at fault, the 
Important thing is that a regent from San Diego area is needed. 

I f there is no San Diego regent, then UCSD interests get liule, if 
any attention when the time comes for allocations. 

Most students do not go through four years at UCSD without 
seeing something that could use improvement, so you can bet that in 
16 years , a regent could see quite a lot. 

Mr. Higgs, out of office for twO years now, is sull playing an active 
pan in improving this University. In October he testified before State 
Senate Finance Committee in favor of a Law School on the UCSD 
campus. Rest assured, during his 16 years as regent he was probably 
largely responsible for the improvements in the UCSD we have today. 

CQmmenta~ 

Is KSDT 'professional'? 
By EFREN DUARTE 

On Wednesday, January 18, 
the AS Council recommended to 
a new student organization, 
Summer Bridge Extension (SBE), 
the use of KSDT's mobile DJ unit, 
"Parry Package," to provide music 
for their fifth year reunion 
dance. The event was to take 
place Saturday, February 11, at 
the Revelle Cafeteria. The DJ unit 
would be paid $100 and they in 
tum would provide the DJs, 
records and eqUipment. That 
Saturday, a conflict arose 
between KSDT and SBE. SBE was 
dissatisfied with the "Party 
Package," stating that KSDT's 
service was below standard and 
their actions unprofessional, 
KSDT should be reprimanded for 
the reasons that follow. 

First of all , KSDT's playlist is 
very misleading. It lists the 
names of current top 40 stars 
and allows the customer to 
choose the musicians whose 
music he WIshes to have played. 
Yet, what is not stated in the 
playlist is that. though you 
choose top 40 musicians, you 
might not get their current hits. 
In fact, you might nO! get a hit at 
all . 

Instead , you might get a song 
on a promotional album which 
needs only to have the correct 
musicians' names to be labeled 
"your music." The KSDT DJ unit 
claims to be professional yet it 
never informs t~ customer of ItS 
limitations. Unle~s you check 
their record library yourself, you 
are deceiVingly left with the 
impression iliat all top 40 music 
will be pia yed. 

SBE checked ahead of time 
and found that in order to get aU 
top 40 music they would have to 
use some of their own records. 

KSDT generously commented 
that they would play any records 
SBE submitted, but that they 
could nO! take responsibility for 
the records. Nearly $100 was 
spent on records that KSDT 
could not provide, and were not 
even played. 

KSDT also provided two 60-
watt speakers which SBE thought 
inadequate for use in the Revelle 
Cafeteria. SBE decided to rent 
twO lOO-watt speakers and an 
amplifier needed to put out the 
full 200 watts. 

A KSDT technician was 
consulted on which cables and 
ampEfiers would be compatible 
with their equipment. Thus the 
speakers, amps and the records 
were supplied at SBE's own 
expense. 

The night of the event, the 
KSDT crew was asked (not 
forced) to use the equipment 
SBE had provided. KSDT's 
management was later bitter 
toward SBE for using the higher 
quality equipment, exclaiming 
that "it could have blown our 
system l " No mention was made 
of the KSDT crew present who, 
after looking over the equipment. 
declared that they could and 
would use it in place of their 
own. 

Perhaps the problem IS nO! 
between KSDT and SBE, but 
between the KSOT crew and the 
KSDT management. Doesn't the 
management trust its crew's 
decisions 7 After all , are they nor 
professionals ? 

Well. apparently not. That 
night the DJs went on to display 
their skills by bumping the 
records twice and makIng a 
mistake on a request. ·Sorty, we 
put on the wrong side," a DJ 

Those 16 years were an imponant growing period. But if this 
University is to meet the needs of a growing and dynamic student 
body, we need l'I:presentaliOn. By calmly accepting the situation, UCSD 
students are relegating to themselves a secondary position in the UC 
system. Why should UCLA and Berkeley get aD of the say in the 
allocation of billions of dollars evety year? Why should UCSD, rated 
among the best universities in the nation, be treated as a minor 
institution? But most Importantly, why should UCSD students stand 
for it? 

To many undergraduates, graduate and medical students, the 
reputation of this University means a lot when it comes time to send 
out the job applications. If this University gets the brush-oil from the 
Board of Regents, what happens [0 the funding it receives? If the 
number of students enrolled here increases with no increase in 
classroom space, parking space. living area or in the number of 
i nsruc tors, the UCSD campus will be shunned by the better students 
when they make their decisionli on which college to attend. UCSD 
will soon enjoy the less-than-savory reputation of some other 
campuses. 

Representation by the regents gives UCSD students, faculty and 
staff an insurance policy. It insures that the campus will get 
consideration when it comes to improvements. If there are to be 
adequate facilities on this campus, if there is to be a new University 
Center, if there is to be a new law school, a new engineering 
building, or if we are [0 maintain the quality of education !It UCSD, 
there must be somebody on the Board of Regents to say: 

"We could use that money at UCSD .... " 

answered. They even played the 
same song twice within the same 
hour and took several minutes 
getting one record on as they 
would play one record for a few 
seconds, decide that was the 
wrong one, play another and 
come back to the same song. All 
in less than two minutes. 

These rTustakes may seem 
small but they appear as major 
faults since this DJ unit claims to 
be of equal caliber to 91X. The 
OJ unit continued to entertain 
themselves as many of the crew 
members danced throughout the 
night. Why? Are they not 
profeSSionals ? 

That is the difficult question 
since the argument which 
ensued earlier that night was 
over KSDT's professionality. SBE 
had outlined an organized 
program of songs which listed 
the music to be played, in order, 
for the four hours' of the event. 
This was done to ensure the 
guests' satisfaction. The list was 
given to KSDT twO hours before 
the dance, along with SBE's 
records which made up 75% of 
the program. That allowed KSDT 
an hour to pull approximately 
ten records from their record 
hbrary. 

An hour before the event 
KSDT proclaimed that the list 
"stifled" their creativity and that 
they would not adhere to it. I 
agree that the list might stifle the 
creativity of a radio station, but 
they were hired to act as 

professional DJs to serve the 
needs of their employer. SBE 
unhappily gave in. KSDT stated 
that they would still play most of 
the list "90% your music, ten 
percent ours." This never came 
about. They only played about 
30% of the records supplied by 
SBE. SBE received several 
complaints on both the music 
and KSDTs conduct. 

KSDT later argued in reference 
to thei r creativity that "no O!her 
professional DJ unit (91X in 
panicular) would ever playa pre-
programmed list." My curiosity 
was aroused so I called 91X Patty 
Sounds (the DJ unit which KSDT 
is supposed to be comparable 
to). They stated that though 
some extra time would be 
needed to prepare, they could 
and would be willing to follow a 
pre-programmed list. 

KSDT, are they not 
professionals? Not in the eyes of 
the SBE reunion coordinators, 
nor in the eyes of the three 
hundred plus students who 
attended the event. The most 
frequent comment among the 
guests was that the dance was 
great, because of the lighting, the 
hors d 'oeuvres, the people , but 
nOt the music! 

• * * 

This commenlllry does not 
express the view of the Summer 
Bridge Program, which is a separate 
entity from Summer Bridge 
Extension. 

Letters and anicles may be sem to the Opinion Editor at the 
Guardian, B-016, UCSD, La Jolla, CA 92093 or brought to our offices 
adjacent to the Che Cafe. 
Commentary pieces may be submitted by any concerned individual. 
Pieces should be typed double-spaced on a 72-character line. 
Articles may be rebuttals to a Guardian story or letter. Whatever the 
subject, the writer should focus on a clear thesis. We reserve the right 
to edit for clanty and style, but all major changes will be cleared with 
[he author pnor to publication whenever possible. 
Letters to the editor should be typed as above. Letters are generally 
written in regard to articles or other letters printed in the Guardian . 
However, any letter of gent:ral intrest to UCSD students will be 
considered for publication. Letters may be edited when space 
requires, and spelling and grammatical errors may be corrected. The 
writer's name and number must accompany evety article and letter. 

.. 
Editor 

Tim August 
, - Managing Editor 

Phil Lauder 
Copy Editor 

Joe Desiderio 
Opinion Editor 
Grace Nielsen 

Contributing Opinion Editor 
David Wolf 
News Editor 
Usa Lapin 

Contributing News Editors 
Christopher Canole 
Steven R. Friedman 

Phil Willon 
Arts Editor 

Andrew Keeler 
Associate Arts Editor 

John Nee . 
Spons Editor 
Jeff Savage 
Photo Editor . 
Rich Pecjak 

General Manager 
Chris Milke 

Associate General Managers 
Linda Lewis 

Valerie McMullm 
Photographers 

Richard Caterina 
Rob Friedenthal 
Mark Johnson 
David Newell 
Illustrators 

John Ashlee 
Steve Kloepfer 

Typesetters 
Joe Desiderio 
Anggie Lapld 
Phil Lauder 

Andy Laurence 
Production 
Paul Farwell 

Rob Friedenthal 
Lizz Fuller 
Kelley Neal 

Karla Spencer 
Staff Writers 

Lance Bemard, Ethan Feerst, 
David Fleminger, Sergio Klier, 
Michael Panos, Dena Rosen. 
The UCSD Guardian is 

published Mondays and 
Thursdays during the academic 
year by students at UCSD. 
Views expressed in the 
Guardian do not represent the 
views of the Regents of the 
University of California or the 
Associated Students of UCSD. 
All un-initialled editorials 
represent the views of the entire 
editorial board of the Guardian; 
initialled editorials represent 
minority opinions of the 
editorial board. Reproduction , 
publIcation , or any use without 
permission of any portion of 
this newspaper without prior 
n o tifi ca tion is strictly 
proh ibited . 

The Guardian welcomes 
Signed letters and commentary 
as outlined in the Opinion 
section ; howeve r, we are not 
responsible for unsolicited 
manuscripts or art. 

O u r office is located 
southeast of the Revelle Provost 
Office next door to the Che 
Cafe on the UCSD campus. The 
Business Offtce is open from 9 
am to noon and 1 pm to 5 pm 
Monday through Friday. 

ubscriptions are ava ilable 
and will be mailed first class for 
$15 per quaner. 

The UCSD Guardian 
UCSD,8-016 

LaJolla , California 92093 
(619) 452-3"66 

. ., 

February 27. 1984 5 
OPINIO 

. . -' / 

Commentar)L 

In pursuit of 'news' Sweepstakes and you 
By CHRISTOPHER CANOlE 

The first casualty of war is the truth. 
Cable News Network (CNN), along with 
most of the nation'S news services. 
severely criticized Ronald Reagan's ban 
on media coverage of the Grenada 
invasion, claiming that its readers and 
television viewers had a "right to know." 

CNN decided to substantiate its claim 
by conducting a nationwide poll , which 
CNN felt would stimulate more public 
attention towards this violation of the 
"freedom of the press." 

The public responded overwhelmingly 
in support of Reagan's actions. Some 
interpreted this to be a public vote of 
confidence that Reagan's militaty 
policies were serving the best interest of 
the nation. But those polled may have 
been responding to another issue: does 
the news media serve in the best 
interest of the public'S "right to know" 
with the type of news presented? 

The concept of [he "right to know" 
reached the zenith of credibility during 
Bernstein and Woodward's investigative 
reporting of the Watergate break-in and 
subsequent Nixon cover-up. Their 
research and reporting techniques of 
double checking all evidence reflected 
the best in journalistic ethics. 

All the President 's Men became the 
journalistiC Bible for novice print and 
video reponers. Many take on an 
evangelistic zeal in their pursuit of 
spectacular investigative reporting. Their 
disregard for time-honored ethics and 
harassment of anyone they considered 
the enemy earned them the title "guerilla 

journalists." These neo-yellow press 
journalists have Ii[tle fear of public 
outrage or reprisals because the federal 
govemment itself has constructed an 
impenetrable fonress for all forms of 
news media: "freedom of the press." 

Freedom of [he press was originally 
defined in the Bill of Rights: "Congress 
shall make no law .. . prohibiting the free 
exercise thereof; or abridging the 
freedom of speech or of the press." 

The creators of Bill of Rights included 
the first amendment to ensure a free 
[low of information and ideas to protect 
against tyranny of the mind. Uncensored 
thought promotes freedom of discussion 
of public affairs, which is necessary to 
ensure a democratiC society. The 
freedom of speech and the press was 
designed for the public's benefit, not 
solely for the benefit of th e news media. 

The first amendment was not 
constructed to proVide protection for an 
individual from [he power or scope of 
the news media's influence. Laws of libel 
have been the individual's protection 
against unwarranted attacks by another 
individual or organization. Bu[ the 
evolution of federal legislative and 
judicial actions intended to strengthen 
the rights of the pres~ has also 
weakened the rights of the individual. 

The Due Process of Law Fourteenth 
Amendment and the Incorporation 
Doctrine "nationalized" the Bill of 
Rights. More Significantly, these 
legislative acts authorized the Supreme 

please tum to page 6 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO 
Department of History 
presents 
a film and lecture 

ZOOT SUIT 
a major contribution of contempory 

Chicano cinema 

This film by Luis Valdez 
traces, through a play within' 
a film, the racial conflicts 

that took place in 
Los Angeles in the early 

1940's. 

A Lecture by 
EDWARD JAMES 

OLMOS 
star of the film, 

wiD foHow. 

Monday, February 27,1984 
6:00 - 7 :30 p.m.-

TLH 107 
Free 

Open to the Public 
Co-sponsored by Third World Studies and the 

Department of Drama. 

By PHIL LAUDER 
I was ambling towards a math lecture 

yesterday when a thought struck me like 
a bolt of lightning. I sat down and 
mulled it over. "Wow! I may already 
have won $1 million!" 

The very thought blew me away. I 
could do a lot with $1 million, or 
possibly a beach-front condo, or a 
sailboat, or a his-and-hers wardrobe. 
And I may have already won aD this . 

And I'll never know. 
I got my Publisher's Clearing House or 

Reader's Digest or Whatever 
Sweepstakes package the other day. 
Scrawled upon the exterior of this 
gruesome yellow envelope were as many 
words in as many different colors as the 
senders could possibly manage. "You 
may have already won," "You can't win 
if you don 't enter," "Early Bird Special 
- Send entry in now to DOUBLE 
YOUR PRIZE!" 

Look, twice nothing is still nothing, 
Nowadays, drawing upon the wisdom 

of my years, I know how to handle 
these sweepstakes envelopes: I toss 
them unopened into the trash. I derive 
immense pleasure in knowing that this 
nauseating compilation of hoopla and 
advertising gimmickry at its best/ worst 
will find its proper position alongside 
the rotten onion skins and liver grisde 
that is America's garbage. 

Of course, I have not always been so 
old and wise , and I have opened many 
a sweepstakes envelope in my day. Rip 
the sucker open and at least eight 
separate clumps of paper fall ouI. The 

first one you grab is a mini-envelope 
which reads, "Open this only if you 
have decided not to enter our 
sweepstakes." Like a fool you open it to 
discover a threat to your first-born if 
you don't "do as they say." 

Next you find the first of many 
testimonial supplements, showing off 
"people just like you and me" who have 
discovered happiness and the meaning 
of life after entering the blah-blah-blah 
sweepstakes. Well, answer me this: Do 
you know anyone who has won anything 
from a big-deal sweepstakes? Have you 
ever won back your postage from 
sending in one of these stupid things? I 
thought not. 

After wading through these 
testimonials, plus the aD-too-graphic 
deSCriptions of the first through fifth 
prizes, plus the grand prize, early bird 
grand prize and Really Grand Prize, you 
get to the letter that was supposed [0 
introduce you to aD this. "Dear ___ " 
it reads, with your last name (almost 
certainly misspelled) typed in at a 
funny angle in darker print than the rest 
of the note. 

So you pummel your intelligence by 
reading the entire text of the letter. 
Fine. Now you get to the good part, the 
pan you were looking forward to from 
the start. This makes it aU worthwhile. 

You find the stamps. 
Rows and rows of red stamps, blue 

stamps, green stamps, orange stamps -
MAGAZINE stamps. I wonder if most 

pl.:u5< !Urn !O puge 6 

The home of the 
35¢ hamburger. 

Under 10 minutes away! 

7140 Miramar Rd. 
San Diego 

n..". .. I!!!!!!--------------------!!!!!III!"IiI!'II.JI ---ALL-AMERICAN MEAL ---
Quarter Pounder® with Ch_. Larwe Fry. 

II 
Medium.size Soft Drink c..h .. I", I 10", I , ..... 

II limO! o ne coupon per J $1 99 
II customer. per VISit. Plea~ ust. present coupon when II ord .. rin". Not valid With any (plut tall) 
II other offer . OnIV at: I 
II Valid thru 7140 Mir.mar~. I 

tffilarCh 31,1984. San Dieao ~ ' 
. .. .. iiiii.iiiiiiii.iiiiii_ii .. _ .. __ ii .. 



6 Ftbruary 27, 1984 
OPI:\IO~ 

The 'news' 
contlnutd Jrom page 5 
Court to act as a super legislarure in 
regulating all matters concerning 
freedom of the press. This gave the 
Supreme Coun the potential to integrate 
legislative and libel laws, making 
individual citizens just as vulnerble as 
public officials to the pursuit of the 
press. 

The Supreme Court rewrote the laws 
of libel in the SuUivan vs. the New Yom 
Times case of 1964. Until this time, the 
burden of proof rested upon the 
reporter, newspaper or teleVision station 
responsible for presenting hbelous 
statements. The Supreme coun's 
decision reversed the burden of proof 
from the news media that created the 
story to the subject of the anicle. 

In the concluding statements of the 
Sullivan case. the Supreme Court 
redefined the types of stories the \pedia 
could report: "The public conduct of 
public officials is henceforth fair game, 

even if the criticism is misguided, 
unwarranted , undeserved, or untrue. If 
the injured party expects to collect any 
damages, he will have to prove that the 
criticism was deliberately or recklessly 
false - in short, that malice was 
involved." 

The news media has combined the 
fortress of freedom of press with the 
shield of absence of malice to launch 
attacks under the banner of the public's 
"right to know." Some reporters, editors 
and television news managers use this 
banner to shroud their own negligence, 
personal or political bias, fame or 
financial gain. 

Moreover, does the public have the 
"right to know" or even want to know 
when an individual suITers personal 
grief and seeks privacy? Would you 
drive to the scene of an auto accident 
and interrogate a person mourning over 
a friend's death? Entertainment-oriented 
journalists have become so obsessed in 
presenting themselves before the 

Prove It. 

o . 

cameras as sensitive, concerned 
individuals that they have forgotten the 
right of the individual's freedom from 
the press. 

Through nightly injections, the public 
has become addicted to thiS flashy junk 
journalism. One new nationwide 
newspaper prides itself in serving the 
public tidbits of news. 15 the effect of 
this form of trivial headline journalism 
any diITerent than the supennarket c:>sh 
register tabloids of slander? 

And what happens to the media's 
insistence on the public's "right to 
know" when they are in error? How 
many people search the paper to find 
corrections to a story? And why are 
corrections anonymow;? If reporters had 
to sign their corrections. perhaps they 
would be more thorough in the accuracy 
and objectivity of the original story. 

If the trends of federal protection of 
the press continue, the first casualty of 
guerilla journalism will be the truth. 

continued from page 5 
people realize that these make the 
cheapest wallpaper around. Stick them 
on your notebooks. affix them to your 
letters, put them on your homework; sell 
them, trade them, coUect the whole set 
- have a damn good time. After 
making it through a sweepstakes 
envelope, you've earned it. 

And then it's decision time: do you 
waste your 20¢ stamf and become one 
of the 436,749 out 0 every 436,750 
entrants who don't get a damn thing? 
Should you take your chances, and 
maybe become the one in 8,327,000 
who wins the coveted third prize: a 
transistor radio? 

WeU, you make your decision. I've 
made mine. 

But remember, you may have already 
won $1 million. And hopefully you'll 
never know. 

We're hiring the best engineers and computer scientists 
we can find. Because we're lockheed. 

Business and 
Technical Majors 
Highly responsible positions 
for college seniors and 
graduates (through age 34) in 
financial and logistic support. 
The Navy Supply Corps needs 
highly Qualified. dynamic 
individuals to lead and 
manage large inventory and 
financial networks. Salary 
$18,500 to start, $34,000 after 
4 years. Excellent benefits 
package. Need BAIBS, U.S. 
citizenship. Call Naval 
Management Programs, 293-
6746, 8 am - 4 pm, Monday 
through Wednesday. 

Lockheed-California Company 
wil l be on campus March 2. 

Sign up for a personal interview 
at your placement office. 

~Lockheed-caIHomla Company 
Burbank, California 91520 

UCSD Events Office presents --------, 

GABRIELI 
STRING QUARTET 
M OZART Q UART ET I D MAJO R. K.499 

J ANA EK Q UART ET No 2 CIt TIMAT E PAGES") 
S C HU BERT Q UART ET IN G MAJOR. Gru 161 

THE GABRI ELII S o ne 01 England's most reno wned quartet s 
They Me cu rrc ntly reSide nt qu,met .It Essex Un Iversity where 
they hdW estdblt shed ,I enes o f co nce rts and a c hamber 
mU51C cour c whic h Jttr.let student s fro m all over the world . 
"All "XptJ/1 SIVl' £IIlti rapl Ivn mll1 I jWI'l' II '/ hcwticqlwllrJ." 

II iSh Fiddity 
March 3, Saturday, 8 p.m. 

Mandeville Auditorium 
UCSD St. $5.50, G.A. $12.00 

UCSD Box Office & Ticketron: 452-4559 

auPI nISI CLASS to the FUN a SUN of 

MAZATLAN :I' P=.~ug,c:~mnjuanaAlrport ~ ~~ 
• Rou~b1p air transportation via Acromexlco ~ q,.' 
• ~~~ Airport/Hotel ';" ~c. ~iP'~ q,. 
• Hotel accomodatIons In MllZllUan for 5 nights fJfI' ~ ~ #' 

at The .... del ky ... 1 on tile buch ~c.c. 
• Double occupancy: "'. ~ 
• Triple occupancy: .... 

• ~ tile COIMIllenc:c ofround-trtp NI'YIcc 
o.cTLY from &laD CMIpUI. 

• ~ tile ClllllNdertc of ......... cd &laD 
block of 100IIII In one of lMutIM'a bat 
hotIli on the beach. 

• Go with the batl OCR'a atlblllhcd 
~ In ,Mns you the bat trIpI. 

Cover Story.: 

Scripps climatologists 
see through clouds 
By ETHAN FEERST 

A pebble is dropped in a pond. Concentric ripples of water emanate from the point at which the pebble breaks the surface of the 
pond. It is a most basic example of cause and effect. 
Indeed, if aterson sining at the edge of a pond heard 
a splash an subsequently observed ripples of water 
lapping its edge, he could easily surmise that the 
splash and subsequent ripples resulted from the same 
sin2\e action - a disturbance of the water at ilS 
surface. 

Now let us extend the pond . It covers the entire 
surface of the earth. It is made of air, not water. It is 
miles high. It has no lateral boundaries. It is always in 
motion - always in a dynamic state of change. It is a 
place where the pebble and the ripple are both cause 
and effect This pond is the atmosphere . Its behavior 
is caUed the weather. 

As part of the Nanonal Climate Act, the Climate 
Research Group of the Scnpps Institute of 
Oceanography (UCSD) was deSignated the first 
Experimental Climate Forecast Center in the United 
States. USing newly developed systems and techniques. 
a group of researchers under the direction of Dr. 
Jerome Namias has been able to forecast seasonal 
weather (Le., for an upcommg winter) with a success 
rate of approximately 65-70%. Taking 50% as chance. 
this rivals the record of most economic forecasts. 

Nevertheless, such a figure seems to discredit the 
advanced state of science and technology. From the 
arrival of a comet to the eclipse of the sun or moon, 
the movements of the heavens - astronomical 

SAN DIEGO 

forecasts - can be predicted with split-second 
precision. Using available data and known 
meteorological fonnulas , computers can extrapolate 
detailed forecasts over a maximum period of two 
weeks. 

While computers provide the onl)l laboratory in 
which a meteorolOgist can perform controlled 
experiments, current short range (day to day) 
computer weather simulations have some major 
inadequacies. input data, regardless of the precision of 
measuring devices, always contains flaws . These flaws 
are very slight at first, but computer models exaggerate 
inaccuracies through time. Faulty predictions are thus 
inevitable within a matter of days. 

In addition, current observation networks are 
inadequate sources of data 111 relation to the immense 
scale of the atmosphere. There are "blind" areas greater 
in size than the United tates. Only sparse reports are 
available from the tropiCS and the southern 
hemisphere. 

But beyond about twO weeks - even with perfect 
input data - predictions based on purely mathematic 
models wiU greatly deteriorate in accuracy. According 
to Dr. Namias, "It is not readily understandable why 
reliable weather predictions cannot be made for a 
week, month. season or years in advance." But current. 
albeit imperfect, methods do exist. Says Dr. Dan Cayan 
about using these methods, "It's better than throwing 
dice." 

These methods Involve a complex, multifaceted 
series of processes which correlate available 

mias directs the Scripps restarchers 
able to make national long·term wealher forecasts. 

meteorological data with statistical records of past 
yearly, seasonal and monthly pallCms. Current data are 
collected from a combination of 25,000 surface weathel 
repons (22,000 over land and 3,000 over sea), 900 
baUoon observations of wind direction and speed, and 
1500 radiosonde observations of upper-air pressure, 
temperarur~, humidity and wind. Additional data are 
provided by 1,300 aircraft repons, upper-air 
temperature measurements ("soundings") by the 
Nimbus-SIRS satellite system and hundreds of cloud 
measurements from geostationary and polar-orbiting 
satenites. 

Using the analogue method, cases in the past which 
resemble the present are selected, and subsequent 
patterns can then be forecasted . For example. a 
November forecast would be prepared by examining 
the conditions of aU previous Octobers. :~ fV"7'~.V-~ o//"\-.v·v-L'-.-tv-"~ MEAN -17." eC) But this method carries major shortcomings. Only 30 years of meteorolOgical data are available from which to select analogues, and this procedure requires that selected analogues contain similarities in many 
meteorological elements - wind systems. pressure. 
surface and upper-air temperarures. As the possibilities 
for meteorological behavior are infinite, finding a 
"good" analogue with only 30 years of data is not easy. 
With the aid of computer selection, a number of 
possible analogues can be used to forecast with 
measurable reliability. (The British claim about 74% 
reliability with temperature , 62% with rainfaU.) 

-4 

SCRIPPS PIER SEA SURFACE TEMPERATIJRE . 

:~ ~.....A.(\ 4,,6~cA __ ~-d 
-4r-1~5 I~O 1%5 I~O "A dubious advantage of the analogue method ," says Dr. Namias, "is that it requires neither understanding nor Imagination ." Additional methods employ a 

rigorous combinatlon of statlstics. physics and 
synoptics (map reading). Month to month trends, 
means and anomalies of patterns analyzed from a 
hemispheric perspective are put through a 
mathematical grinder of empirical functiQns, Linear 

Urban developmtnt can cause localizM ovtraU Jluctuations in wtathtr parums. Asphah and cantnt structures retain 
grtat amounlS of htat ~ demortSrrattd In this 45-ytar graph of avtnl8e rtmpmitures as mtaSured at San Diego's 
lindbergh Fitld. The steady incrtaSt in tempmllllrtS paraikLs San Diego's urban dtvdopmtnt 'n comparison, SIX! 
surface rtmpmatures as mcasurtd at Scripps remainM stable ova this period. 

La Jolla Vi/lase Convenien(:e Center 
Next to Ralphs and Sav"On 

457"3334 

ple= tum /0 page B 

~" ':'-:":::":::"~'-:"::'{' 'U", '$' , G" RA'.'" :'N" T" .'S" 'U·, 'p' 0" 'A." 'T: E' :.' :~"::;"::>':::":":":::' ' .. \ .. ' .. \.,\ ... ' ... , ...... "" .. ',',' .. ', ... ' .. '",' .. ', ...... ', .. ,'.. . ,." »'" "ll» ~, , .. ;:",,:,',\,'~'; •• ':','.'~ <' 'UNDERGRADUATE $TUDENT' GRANTS ' J'<:: 
FUNDS PROJECTS OF ACADEMIC NATURE ',~ 

":.. .. .. ..... .... ... ..... ... 
, ' , 

:,: What do a multi-media performance piece and a neural tube defects '': 
',' projects have in common? Both are funded by U.$. GRANTS. ': 
'," ,\,~ , .. ,,,, .... " .. '" "' .. '" ' .. '" .. "," .. " ", '" .. ' ... ' .. .. ... ,", .. ,", ... ";., 
':, ' ,', ' :, Plan Ahead. Spring Quarter Deadline: ',: :, ' ;, , 
"', ... ,", .. ,', .. , .. " ... , .. , .. , .. , 

:':':.:':':' April 9, 1984, Noon ':':':':':': 
""'\"':'''''''''~.L' .. "' .. ,-' ,-' .. ,' " .. "' ... "' ..... :,',:,' ................. "" ....................... '''''',',','''' .. ' 
.' TO APPLY FOR A GRANT: ::': PHOTOGRAPHY, DRAWING & '.' 
" Attend one of our vital and informalive ' ': ' ' CARTOON COMPETITION , , 
~ , workshops. {:::', We. can't promise you the cover of .-

Workshop I Tuesday, Feb. 28, &8pm .' :': RolIlIIK Slone, but you have a chance ': 
Workshop II Sat., Mar. J, llam. lpm ':.':: With the cover of our Undergraduate ;, 
Location: Multi·Purpose Room, 2nd :;, :' . . Journal. ~ 

Floor of Student <.:enter. Next Door to ':" Bnng S~bmls.slons to the ': 
, '1' I A .''': U.S. GRAN rs Office ' 
, rave gency. ." ': DEADLINE: May II, 1984, Noon .. 

' .. ~, '1' ,...... .. ............. ' .. '.. ,. 
" ... ','" " ,t """\':," ... "',"'.:"".'.:" .. ' _________________ to 

, ':::; ENTRY FORM ' 
, YOU TOO CAN PUBLISH YOUR '.',', Name 

RESEARCH PAPER! >,::>, Addres-·s---------- r 
" Submit your paper to the UCSJ) :. '. ,> ' 
:', journal oj Undergraduale Hesetlrcll ; ','. Student 1.0. ---------r 
:C:' DEADLINE: May II , 1984. Noon : ,,; Phone 
" Pick up Guideline at the ': ::, Entry Description -------1 
: U.$. GRANTS Office ,':. ' 
, " ~~~~Tr~~~~~~~~-' 
: .. :,: ...... : .... : .. .... : .. ' .. : .. " ........ .', : "" .. ...... " .. " ............ " .. " " ............ , .. ...... .. .. " .... '. .. ........ , " .... " .... 'f .... " .. : .. :' : .. : ... 

:',:::', Please call our office at 452·3917 or stop by during Office Hours. :::',::: 
:::.', We are located on the second floor of the Student Center. '::::. 
.. .. .. .. .. .. " 
",","-" ,.,,".",',,, "''',',,''',''',,~ "" .. "," " ","," ",",",' 



8 Februar)' 27, J984 
NEWS . 

,., • '.. •• '. • t ' ••• ..; • ... < ': • .' " ' t t:. ,.... • .' • 

IYEWI IYEWI IYEWI ME TIME OIYLY 
DEPARTPlENr or HISTORY 

SPRInG QUARTER 1984 
cOURSrs or SPECIAL ImEREST 

108111 
rolltlml ........ ften«loclace style (UtlHdu 1(61) 
The purpmc of this course Is to eumlne the relationship betwea1 rhetoric and 
history, How did Renaissance ngum grapple with the problems of tile cltlrens and 
the state. the Ideal and the real. and the I'rench Invasions of Italy? What was the 
Renaissance state? What was the relationshIp between I1Irtu and {ortu,..? Were 
Machla~lIlan politics Renaissance polItIcs? In what ways docs Renaissance 
politIcal scIence funn the bas1s of modem polItical thougbt? 
IIIWI' Jec::ture. 1100 • 11~0. nH 1102. rror. (IIartDo 
109Q1 
I'hIllim Historical GeographYI A sbldy of (IIusUm blstorlal geogr1IpIIy. 
not only as a scll'7ltlnc discipline and as a literary gmre but aha as a rich 
storehouse of the most dlverslf1ed historical. socIal. economIc. political and 
ethnographic Information on ~e medIeval MuslIm world and neIghboring lands. 
The origins and the growth and development ofthls geographIcal literature will be 
baeed In detail. and the conb1butlon of the medieval Muslim geographers. 
partIcularly In the neld of dt.1Crlptlve geography, will be carefully examIned. 
Tburad.y. 3100 • ~150, AI'I'I 2101, Frof. JwUldi 
llJQI 
tMt-West Rdlldons Since World War HI PoIMd - a CUe Study 
An examInation of the relations between the U.S.S.R. Western europe. and the 
United States from the perspective of the r.ast turopcan nations. CoUI'!e will use 
Poland as an example and case study of the problems that have arisen. 
JIIoad.y, 2:00 - 4150, HSS 3086. Frol. l.ewudowsld 

1171 
History of tile (IIodera "ear f&tt (1774-1918) 
This course. spanning nearly a cmtury and a half from the Treaty of Kuchuk 
Kaynarjl to the md of World War I, deals with Important Internal and International 
events concerning the ottoman and Persian Cmplres. I, The ottoman tmplre - The 
r.astem QuestIon. the Tanzlmat (reform and reorganIzation of the empire). the 
CrImean War. the rise and spread of docb1nalre nationalism, etc. II, Persian Cmplre 
- Iranian relations with Russia. BrItain, Turkey and Mghanl5tan. Babism, the 
Tobacco Monopoly. the Constitutional Revolution. etc. 
JIIM" Iedure, 11100 - 1l:~0, III 2115, Frof • .hrUieb. 
lnA! 
U.S. Culbmll History. 1607-1865 
Tmslons and transformations In American thought and values consIdered In 
social context. TopIcs Include Puritan thought. republicanism, religious 
perfectlorJsm. antebellum monn. sexual attItudes. transfonnatlons In art and 
architecture, Afro-American culture. and the slaveholders' challenge to bourgeous 
culture, 
Tu-Tb lecture. 1:00 • 2:20. HSS U», Frof. KIa.. 

15511 
Social and [conomk History of tile Soutllwest 
The course will consider the signlncant trends In Mexican American history over 
the past 100 yem.ln the Southwest. SpecIal emphasis will be placed upon primary 
documents relating to Mexican Americans In economic and social institutions, 
Mwr lecture. 11:00 • 11:50. APJI'I 2250, frof. Madel 
161Q: 
Topics la tile History of AmerIan KadlcaUsm 
This course will explore America's radical tradItion by focusing on sources of 
continuity and change among radIcal movements. Topics will include: the 

. Revolution, Abolitionism. labor radIcalism. the women's movement. Populism. 
the New Left, the counter-c ulture. 
Wedaesday. 12:00 . 1:50. HSS lO86. Frofessor Klein, 

16JQ: 
Selected Topk.s In Americaa Womea's History 
The speclHc content of the course will val}' from year to year, but will always 
analyze in depth a limited number of issues In American Women's History, 
Jlloaday. 3:00 - 5 :50, nH 101. Frof. JaniewsId 
171: 
Early Scwlet Social History 
This course will stress the class struggle and the construltion of socialism in 
Russia between the revolution and World War II. The fate of the peasants and 
workers will be stressed, Other topics covered will be revolutionary culture, 
women's liberation, the national question and the social basis of bureaucracy, 
111M lecture. 1100 - 1:50, rA'L 1110. Frof. IUttenpom 

180: 
Japan Through iJterabire and rUm 
An examInation of Modem Japan through Japanese "eyes": twentleth-century 
novels and Hlms, The central theme will be the ways In which the Japanese have 
sought to understand their own tradition In the context of a changIng world, 
"01'[: (IIwr IecbIre. 10100 - 10150, TUI 110, 

lab: TuesdlYS for ftlm showing at 7:30 p.m., cbeck willi Departmeat 
for furtber InfOl"lUtioa. Prof. Klute. 

18lQ: 
Claema A' Society la lOtb Ceatury OlInal 
This colloquIum will explore the relationship between cinema and society In 
1'Wentleth-<:entury China. The emphasis will be on the sociaL politicaL and 
cultural Impact of f1lm makIng, The speclHc period under examination (1930 's. 
1940's, post 1949) may vary each quarter, Prerequisite : Previous coursework In 
Chinese history or equlvalmt. 
Tuesay. 1100 . 3150. HSS lO86. rrof. rkkowlcz. 

C lim. a tologists 
continued from page 7 
regressions and regression analyses -
all with the aid of modem computing 
and ploning routines . Teleconnections is 
an additional approach which seeks to 
explore the relationships berween more 
distanced weather events - events that 
affect each other even if they take place 
on opposite sides of the globe 
(somewhat like the relationship berween 
ripples in a pond and a distant pebble). 

A great deal of research is done in 
the area of large-scale air-sea 
interactions. There are attempts to use 
the thermal characteristics of the upper 
layers of the ocean to help forecast 
atmospheric circulation. Indeed , the tOP 
few meters of ocean water have as much 
thermal capaCity as the entire column of 
air above it. And the ocean is sluggish , 

Sun God 
{nnunurd from page J 
There WIll be pertormances by the 
Undergraduate Drama Council, the 
juggling Conspiracy the folk dancing by 
the Organization for Arab Students, as 
well as a variety of other entertainment. 

Lewis says she and her ten-person 
committee are working hard to produce 
a first-class festival. The booths will be 
constructed of PVC piping and canvas 
at a COSt of $200 per booth. Lewis says 
it is wonh the price to have booths that 
"will look good , will last and be easily 
stored and reassembled for later use." 
After the festival , the AS will make the 
booths available for organiztions to rent 
for their own on-campus activities. 

According to Lewis, the AS will not 

moving at about one-tenth the speed of 
the atmosphere. Thus, the ocean 
frequently serves as a heat reservoir for 
the atmosphere; tremendous heat 
storage may occur over vast areas, often 
as large as one-third of the North 
Pacific. These influences are aU-
important in long-range forecasting, but 
their exact effects are nO! (yet) known. 

Continuing research at the SCriPPS 
Climate Research Group is principally 
concerned with developing new, more 
effective and accurate systems and 
techniques for long-range forecasting. 
Improvements in forecasting techniques 
promise a vast economic impact for 
manufacturers, fuel and power 
companies, agriculturalists, construction 
companies, the commodity market and 
(o f course) vacationers. 

make a profit on the festival. The AS 
proVided a $3200 budget for the event 
in November, and the COst of the booths 
alone easily exceeds that amount. 
However, Lewis says some outside 
support has come in and "we should 
make it alright." EventuaDy she hopes 
the festival will become a fund raiser for 
charity as UCLA's Mardi Gras is. 

For now, LCWls is happy to see things 
coming together and people getting 
involved. The festival will be free and 
open to everyone. Lewis says she would 
"like to have the community come and 
enjoy themselves and see what UCSD 
can produce and hopefully have them 
get involved in future festivals ." 

Selection Is unclerw., for 
WARREN RESIDENT 

ADVISORS 
for 1984 85 

To get an application packet, bring a job 
referral slip from Student Employment to the 

Warren College Resident Dean's Office. 
You must attend one of the mandatory 
informetion sessions, the last of which is 

Monday, March 5. Call 452-4581 for more 
information. 

Application dadllne II 
Friday, March 9. 

Mr. Stanley H. Kaplan will be in 
San Diego February 27 and 28, 
appearing on the Sun-Up Show 
and radio shows. 

UCSD students are invited to the 
Stanley H. Kaplan Center at 2180 
Garnet Ave. in 
Pacific Beach at 4 
pm 
28 

on 
for 

house. 

February 
an open 

.""",~-H. 
N 

Ftbruary 27, J984 9 
NEWS 

, --. , ' 'J"; .' , • ••• , •• '. ~ '" •• , , • • • 

Master Plan 
review called 
By KRISTIN DONNAN 

Senate Republican Leader Jim Nielsen 
introduced a bill caDing for the review 
of the Master Plan for Higher Education 
in California, to find possible funding 
and curriculum problems among other 
things. 

Questions with the position and 
funding of community colleges, funding 

DAVIS - UC Davis researchers are 
developing a computerized system 
which will help farmers budget their 
irrigation. Begun in 1981, the project's 
main goal is to develop a prototype 
information system whith can provide 
daily weather data to growers 
throughout California for usc in 
irrigation management. The information 
will be made available through 
computers and through the news media. 
UCD set up 37 electronic weather 
Stations an around California's 
agricultural areas. Every minute these 
stations record rainfall , wind speed, 
temperature, relative humidity and solar 
radiation. Averages of the readings are 
made hourly and are transmitted back 
to a main computer at UCD every 24 
hours. 

eanbquake-prone areas in Central 
America. Data coUected from the 
research will aDow the first in-depth 
study of earthquakes and volcanoes in 
the country and help the Costa Rican 
government design a disaster 
preparedness program. The team is 
collaborating with 14 Costa Rican 
scientists and engineers, and is 
receiving funding from the Office of 
Foreign Disaster Assistance in 
Washington, DC. The chain of 
volcanoes which dots Costa Rica's 
central mountain range repeatedly has 
spewn lava and steam during the past 
150 years. Costa Rica's central vaDey 
region, where 75% of the nation's 
population resides, is direcdy downwind 
from one of the volcanoes. 

Nielsen has a history of interest in 
the education issue, and he has 
introuduced education bills in the past, 
Chartrand said. He worked on a 
Conference Committee which made 
final decisions about community 
colleges, and a person on his staff 
specializes in education . 

Pat Chartrand, Nielsen's 
spokesperson , said that the bill does not 
focus on "an agenda" of specifics, but 
that the bill's objective is only "to 
mandate a study." Problems with 
funding, curricula and missions of 
community coDeges got it started , "bm 
Nielsen wants to look at the whole 
picture, at all three segments of higher 
education [community colleges, state 
universities and University of 
California]," Chartrand said. 

The review will be undertaken by the 
California Postsecondary Education 
Commission (CPEe), a body "already in 
existence to advise the legislature," 
according to Chartrand. The results are 
due on or before February 1. 1985, 
when a temporary Commission for the 
Review of the Master Plan wiD take over. 
By january I, 1986, this commission 
must submit recommendations to the 
legislarure. 

Nielsen has released statements which 
say that "a major component of this bill 
is its provision for public input." This 
input is to occur during the second year 
of the bIll's development , when the 
Review Commission wtll open public 
hearings statewide, Chartrand said. 

01 state and UC schools and the 
· changes in student population" are 
some issues that drew attention to the 
need that Nielsen sees for a complete 
overview, Chartrand said . Nielsen's 
statements mention that the only other 
undertaking of this magnitude occurred 
when the Master Plan was first 
conceived in 1959. 

NEWS REPORTERS 
The Guardian encourages any 

campus members with investigative 
minds to submit story suggestiOns, or 
drop in and see what being a writer 
requires and write your hot tips 
yourself! Sometimes you are the best 
source of information, so if you know of 
any newsworthy item from your office, 
department or organization, call the 
hotline at 452-3466 and ask for the 
News Desk. Your ideas and suggestions 
are always welcome. 

SANTA BARBARA - An experiment on 
mice whose immune systems have been 
suppressed is expected to give a better 
understanding and perhaps treatment 
for AIDS, the usually fatal acquired 
immune deficiency syndrome whose 
cause and cure are still unknown. Under 
terms of a one-year grant of $26,000 
from the state, the Biological Sciences 
Department is working with mice whose 
condition shares characteristics with 
AIDS. The advantage of working with 
animal rather than human subjects is 
that it is safe, simple and economical. 
There is also promise of yielding 
valuable information regarding the 
suitability of this model to AIDS and the 
potential effectiveness of anti-suppressor 
factor treatment. 

LOS ANGELES - The Medical Center at 
UCLA has been asked to test athletes for 
steroid, hormone and other drug use for 
the 1984 Summer Olympics. 

IRVINE - UC Irvine and the Santa Ana 
Unified School District have undertaken 
a joint project which may provide a 
national model for improving academic 
preparation of students, particularly 
minorities, interested in higher 
education . The project involves teachers, 
students and parents from both groups 
to develop teacher development, 
cuniculum enhancement and student 
motivation projects. Although it has only 
been in schools since September, the 
College Board has already recognized its 
potential as a model for cooperation 
between universities and secondary 
schools. It was chosen as one of 13 
programs in the US to participate in the 
Board's Educational Equality Project 
Models Program for School/ College 
collaboration. 

SANTA CRUZ - Earth scientists at UC 
Santa Cruz have received a US 
government grant for $565,000 to 
establish a national seIsmographic 
nerwork in Costa Rica, one of the most 

Literature Courses for Spring 1984 
lit/En 183 - Themes in Afro-American Literature: 
Politics and Art - Comparisons of Male & female 
Authors 

Lee A / TTh / 10-11:20 / USB 3050A / cc 6372 
Instructor: Michele Wallace 

The black writer is rarely aDowed to forget his/ her 
present social and political context. Subsequently, 
black male and female authors have been forced to 
come up with a set of unique. sometimes awkward 
strategies for writing fiction that attempts to both fulfill 
the artist's need for aesthetic self-actualization and 
address those aspects of social and political reality the 
author may deem pertinent. From the 405, black male 
authors were more successful at rendering this 
profeSSional conflict palatable, or at least provocative, 
in their literature. Since the 70s, the black female 
author seems more likely to hit the proper note. Is there 
a substantive variation in the world view of black male 
and female aUlhors that we can attribute to the way in 
which gender is received and perceived in the black 
community? Are the social and political concerns of 
black male and female authors perenially and 
consistently different? Politics and art always make 
strange bedfellows, not necessarily because they don't 
belong together, but rather because the laner tends to 
be dialectical, the former intolerant. This course shall 
consider the dichotomy through readings of works by 
lora Neale Hurston. Richard Wright, Toni Morrison, 
james Baldwin , Alice Walker, Ishmael Reed, and Amiri 
Baraka. 

Litlil 151 & Lil/ Gen 151 - Dante in Translation 
Lee A / MWF / 10-11 :20 / TCHB 142 / cc 6454 

(Ilillian), cc 6375 (General) 
Instructor: Margaret Brose 

Beginning with Dante's Origins In the courtly love 
lYriC tradition, students wtll follow the trajectory of hIS 
de velopment through th e Vila Nuova, hIS 
autObIOgraphIcal novel . to the DIVllle Comedy. the 

greatest epic poem of the medieval period. Dante's 
Divine Comedy may be said to represent both the 
culmination of ancient and medieval thought and the 
inauguration of modem history. By accompanying 
Dante on his journey through Hell, Purgatory and 
Paradise, and examining his unique pOSition in the 
history of western literature and thought, we may come 
to terms with our own relations to history and tradition. 
Images of the afterlife will become instruments for 
talking about the here-and-now. Although this is an 
upper-division course, no previous knowledge of 
literary history will be assumed. tJl readings in English 
translation, no previous work in Italian required. 

Requirements: Class attendance, rwo shon papers, 
and a final exam. 

UtlGtn J 70 - Contemporary Literature: The 
ContemporaJY American Noycl Scene 

Lec A / MWF / ll-11:50 / P6TL 1110 / cc 6376 
Instructor: William J. Lockwood 

A cross-section of both traditional and avant-garde 
novelists, still living, and still producing: May Sarton, 
David Plante, Wright Morris, Larry McMurtry, Thomas 
McGuane, and Maxine Hong Kingston. In diverse 
idioms reflecting the diversity of cultural landscapes 
they claim as home country - New Hampshire, Rhode 
island, Nebraska, Texas, Montana. and California -
we will find these novelists exploring that double-
barrelled question Thoreau posed conceming where 
we live and what we live for. The following novels 
might be characterized as well-crafted, even lean, 
versions of sentImental joumeymg then: 

Sartin , Mrs. Stevens Hears the Mermaids SlIlglllg 
Plante, Tht: Count ry 
Mom s, Ceremon) HI LO'1e Tree 
McMurtry, All My I- nends Are Gomg '[0 Be 

Stra ngers 
McG uanc, Nopody's Angel 
Klngston-, 1 he Woman Warrior 

UtiGm 1 75 - The Symbol: Metamorphoses of the 
Symbol: The Ca~ from Paleolithic to Modem Times 

Lee A / TTh / 1-2:20 / TLH 110 / cc 6356 
Instructor: Fred V. Randel 

In an influential essay which he wrote after visiting 
paleolithiC caves in southwestern France, T.S.Eliot 
claimed that the modem imaginative writer "must be 
aware that the mind of Europe - the mind of his own 
COUntry - a mind which he learns in time to be much 
more important than his own private mind - is a 
mind which changes, and that this change is a 
development which abandons nothing en route, which 
does nO! superannuate either Shakespeare, or Homer, 
or the rock drawing of the Magdalcnian draftsmen." 
The present course is an inquiry into the continuities 
and the changes in "the mind of Europe" as manifested 
in the persistent symbolism of the cave. Homer's 
Odyssey, PlatO'S Allegory of the Cave. Porphyry's 
neopiatonic response to The Odyssey. Virgil's Aeneid, 
Shakespeare's The Tempest, E.M. Forster's A Passage to 
India, together with selections from the writings of, 
among others, Edmund Spenser, Francis Bacon, 
Samuel Taylor Coleridge, and Percy Bysshe Shelley wiD 
be included, as well as the cave paintings (Eliot's 
"Magdalenian draftsmen") themselves and William 
Blake's painting,"The Sea of Time and Space ." 

LitiS, 135 - Mexican Literature: Prose and Poetty 
Lec A / TTh / 6-7 :20 / HSS 2150 / cc 6483 
Instructor: Sergio Fernandez 

Works of the following authors from Los 
Contemporaneos will be read: Villaurrutia, Cuesta , Novo, 
Owen, Pellicer, Gorostiza. 

Course descriptions Cor a vaneey of Literature 
coursu are available in the Third College 
Undergraduate Office, TCHB 110. Intonnation 
regarding student Conns, majors and minors is also 
available in TCHB 110. 



Beautiful. .. 

This could be you at the end of a long and enjoyable flight. Perhaps 
you took a tour of the countryside or just sat back and enjoyed the 
view. Either way you still get that satisfied feeling at the end of the 
day. Give it a try and find out what it is like. For more infonnation on 
the UC5D Soaring Club or an introductory ride, call Alan at 566-
7405. 

Give ASIO a chance to help your career 
UCSD students , don't miss this chance! Puc your knowledge to 

work through the Associated Students Intemshop Office (ASIO) 
internships. Employers hire experienced applicants first, and it's up 
to you to get that experience. Come to our office, located above the 
game room in the Student Center, or caU x4689, before it's [00 late! 
Our newest internships are with Public Safety Educators (SD), 
Brurnark Corp., California State Senate Fellowshop, Landes and 
Associates (SO), etc. , etc., etc ... 

M. E. Ch.A. Graduation Committ~e Mtg. 
February 29, 1984 in the M.E.ChA. office at noon . 

Chicano/ Mexicano and Latino students who are graduating 
between Winter 1984 and Winter 1985 are welcome [0 participate in 
a Spanish graduation ceremony. The Graduation Committee is 
planning this ceremony to proceed the college graduations onJune 
17, 1984. Seniors interested in participating in the planning of 
and / or in the ceremony may contact the M.E.ChA Office at 452-
4994 care of Virginia Murillo. 

Commuter Breakfast 
Wednesday, Feb. 29 at 7:30 am 

in the commuter lounge 
$1 All-you-can-eat pancakes 

RCC & RPB will be ..a. I 
. 

Come and meet Mr. Stanley Kaplan 
Stanley Kaplan will be appearing at the Stanley Kaplan Center in 

Pacific Beach at 4 pm on Monday, February 27. Mr. Kaplan is the 
founder of a com pan y th at prepares s tudent s for 
graduate/ professional school admission tests . Refreshments will be 
served . Co-sponsored by the Pre-Law Education Association . 

Learn more about the bar 
An attorney panel (corporate , personal inJury, family, and 

criminal) will be held Wednesday, Feb. 29 from 11:30 to 1:00 in the 
North Conference Room. Refreshments will be served and all are 
welcome. 

UCSD Skiers unite 
Come join the Radically Inclined Ski Club in a celebration ofleap 

year. This Wednesday, Feb. 29. RISC will be meeting in the Rec. Gym 
Conference Room at 8 pm. Come by to get info. about upcoming 
events, the Spring All-Cal to Sun Valley, and Broomball. Come have a 
beer to celebrate this unusual year!!! 

Deadline to buy tickets for Sun Valley is March 9. Tickets ate going 
fast and space is limited, so get yours NOW! Only $295 for 
transportation, lodging, lift tickets and all-Cal events. 

March 3 the Radically Inclined Ski Club is playing Broomball. 
Come join us and show your stuff on the ice. Come sign-up during 
office hours. You can get refreshments, a fun time on the ice and a lot 
of laughs all for free! Ski Club office hours are in the Pub 11-3 
everyday. Look for the Ski Club sign. 

(otu;nK. .\1ay 19, tite 19H.f 
ASl '( .~·1) \nui-J-onnul . ~t(1\ 
tuncd lor £feud/s. 

Laser Institute of America Announces: . 
General meeting and guest speakers Dr. Rodney Frehlich, UCSD 

and Dr. Gail Massey, SDSU on laser propagation and photo-electron 
microscopy. Thursday, Feb. 23 from 6 to 8 pm, Peterson Hall, Rm. 
103. Old and new members please attend. Refreshments will be 
served. 

Interested in Management in Engineering? 
Speakers from IBM and Hughes Aircraft will discuss the 

requirements and responsibilities expected of engineering managers 
at the next Society of Women Engineers meeting. Thursday, March 1 
at 5 pm in AP&M 2250. Refreshments will be served. Everyone is 
welcome. 

IEEE Meeting Thursday 
Topic: Satellite Oceanography. Speaker: Stephen Borders, Ph.D. 

Thursday, March 1 from 1 :30 to 2:30 pm in AP&M 2301 . Dr. Borders, 
manager of the Scripps Institution of Oceanography Satellite 
Research Facility, will speak on Satellite Oceanography and the 
image and data processing techniques involved. 

Israel Action Committee 
The Israel Action Committee will meet Tuesday, Feb. 28 at5 :30 pm 

in the Muir Appartment Lounge . Speaker: Rabbi Haim Asa on 
experiences with pre-1984 Israel. 

'A Wives' Tale' 
Also Presenting 

A San Diego Premiere 
'Born in Flames' 

Friday, March 2 
TLH 107 

7:00 pm 
FREE 

ponsored by ommltlce for World Demouacy and I hlrd World ~ lu llJe~ wllh 
ASUC l)',lliol:alcd Cum pus AClIVllY Fees ,JIld lo·sponsored by Women's Resource 
Cemer. 

Don't Duck the Issues 
I WANT YOU FOR: 

AS President, 
Vice President, etc. 

File your candidate petitions starting 
MARCH 12! 

Sacramento • Sacramento • Sacramento 
The Campus Campaign for Voter Participation is sponsoring two 

fascinating Spring internships working with the upcoming elections. 
The program will be for credit from the Government Department at 
csu Sacramento. The deadline is March 9 to complete an 
application. Interested students check this one outat theASIO in the 
student center above the gameroom. 

Do's and Don'ts of a successful job hunt 
Learn the ropes of effective job hunting. A well-organized 

,approach can make the difference between getting ')ust a job" or 
starting a meaningful career. Wednesday, Feb. 29 at 2 pm in the 
North Conference Rm. Sponsored by Career Planning and Placement 
and S.E.E.D. (Students for Employment and Educational 
Development.) 

AS and Student Oris 
"lDess otBce 

(Nora and Josie) 
NEW HOURS: 
Oosed Monday 

Tuesday-Friday, 8-4:30 

The prophet Habakkuk cries out In a 
world like our own, filled with Vlo-
lence and greed. Is there no Justice? 
Is God good? More than two dozen 
proJectors, fully automated. An ~rlglnal 
score. A multi-Image look at the 
meaning of history, faith and securltv. 

-** ** -

MARCH 1- 3 
REVELLE CAFETERIA 

Thurs., Fri., & Sat. at 8:30 pm 
Sat. second showing. 10:15 

Tickets on sale at U EO box office 

STUDENTS: $ 3 
GENERAL ADM.: $ 4 

Spend a day on the Coronado Bay 
Tour of the Hotel Del Coronado, Saturday, March 3 at 10 am. 

Reservations only! Deadline: Thursday, March 1. $1.00 for members 
and $2 for non-members. Sign up in the SAM office/ Student Center, 
Gameroom #4 or call 452-4SAM. Sponsored by the Society for 
Advancement of Management. 

Also, Elections are approaching! Thursday, March 8. Letters of 
intent are due Monday, March 5. Call 452-4SAM for more 
information. 

Sun God Festival 
MANDATORY meeting for all partiCipating student organizations, 

Wednesday, Feb. 29, at 5 pm in the Revelle Informal Lounge. Info 
packets are available in you mailboxes. We are also looking for 
jugglers, mimes, comedians, video-tape artists and air band 
contestants. If interested contact Sue Lewis at 452-4450. 

International Fireside Lecture 
Dr. Timothy McDaniels of the Sociology Dept. speaking on "Chile: 

Dilemmas of Dictatorship." Tuesday, Feb. 28 at 7:30 pm at the 
International Center, 200 yards east of Mandeville. Free Admission. 
Sponsored by UCSD International Club. 

Professor-in-the-Pub 
featuring Dr. Conlisk 

Thursday, March 1 at 4 pm. 
Join Us! Sponsored by EMSSA 



12 February 27 1984 
",POR1", 

Loss has UCSD packing its bags mentally ready at the beginning of a game." 
Friday night's defeat followed the 

same pattern as most UCSD losses, as 
the visitors feD behind by 17 points 
midway through the first stanza. A brief 
rally cut the margin to eight at 
intermiSSion, but one could sense that a 
Triton second-half rally was not likely to 
occur, simply because UCSD never 
exhibited the kind of intensity that it 
did when the two teams last met. On 
February 3, UCSD played aggreSSively 
and suStained that emotion until most 
of the 700 Spirit Night enthusiasts were 
drained of aU energy in an 80-74 
victory. But in the Crusaders' gym, 
UCiD seemed apathetic to what was 
supposed to be the most important 
game of the year. 

By MIKE GREENBERG 
POINT LOMA - When someone 
remarked to head coach Tom Marshall 
that his team would fare better if it 
scrimmaged for the equivalent of a half 
of basketbaU before each league game, 
he didn't laugh. If MarshaU didn't have 
it drilled into his head that UCSD is 
chronicaUy lackluster in the first half, it 
was reiterated Friday night as the 
Tritons lost their sixth road game of the 
year. With the 77-69 defeat to Point 
Lorna, the Tritons saw the home court 
advantage in this year's playoffs fall 
through their fingers. 

Consequently, UCSD wiU be seeded 
sixth, seventh or eighth, which 
translates into a road game against 
Biola, Southem Cal College or Westmont 
in the first round of post-season action 
March 3. sec defeated the Tritons 
twice, Biola trounced them in the 
season opener and Westmont 
manhandled them last Tuesday by 26 
points. To say that the prospects look 
good is like saying Ronald Reagan and 
Tip O'Neil are the best of friends. "It is 
going to be tough ," said MarshaU, whose 
prediction of UCSD winning three of its 

Decorate Your Cake ••• 
o Eat It, Too 

CAKE 
DECORATING 
WORKSHOP 

Th6 ~ w.H CO'w'e'I' ~ p!'ei)OfOIlOn {, tro..tlO9 ot cCJke. 
basIC tbYM & ~I\ (, bOrdt1' P'0I09 5pec101 OC~ 
(, ~ co .... w,1I boP doscuuod Do P<"P<JlVd ro b<"'l 
fhto coke> of)"OUr chotce 6 ~m ro mokP ~"!, fhOf _II 
i0oi. roo 900d to ear ~ pockot "'CIudod 

Please the eye before the tummy 
make graphic art that's really yummy. 

ocr 
--.......... - Department of Physical Education ,,4037 

March 3 
10 am·1 pm 
ef ",Itk R.cCar' 
lot ",lIk .. t R..card 

-

DEPARTMENT Of HISTORY 
COURSE OffERINGS 

SPRING QUARTfR 1984 
COURS~ DLSCRiPTION 
Dl1emmas/Latln Amcr 

US "Istory 

r.urop Soc/Thought 

Ract!/~thnlelty IUS 

1br WId: IW. Rebclllon 

Greeee/CI.1Ssk: Age 
Pol ltaJ Ian Renalss 
l'Iusllm Hist OeogJph 
Russia: 185S-Prment 
Spcl Top: Mod Russia 

~-West 1I£IIllons 
turop Intdl Hlst 
I'Iodcrn /'Ie. ta5t 
i'IodcrnfrcnchHIst 
CoIloq/19C turop 
kleol/lmag/i'lod &rIt 
HIstory /Womcn/~urope 
US Cultural hIStory 
Legal l't Const Hlst/US 
Soc l't teon Nlst/SWest 
&anomie History/US 
US: Amcr Revolution 
" 1st/Am Radical Ism 
Top/Amer Women "1st 
US In 20th Century 
Amer foreign Policy 
Early Sov Soc Hlst 
Start Slmula.Jon 
Toplcs/Sov Politics l't H 1st 
Japan thru utl'tfilm 
(In Translat ion) 
/lIs/Ol in Thght/Soc 
Clnema.lcSoc/ 2OC Chin 

Peoplc 's Repub/ehln 

OAYIHOURS 
I'IWf 12:00-12:50 
T 1:00 - 1:50 
W 2:00 - 2:50 
I'IWf 10:00 - 10:50 
T 1:00 - 1:50 
W 4:00 - 4:50 
W 3:00 - 3:50 
Th 3:00 - 3:50 
r 2:00 - 2:50 
I'IWf 9:00 - 9:50 
W 1:00 - 1:50 
Th 2:00 - 2:50 
r 1:00 - 1:50 
'r 2:00 - 2:50 
MWf 1:00 - 1:50 
W 3:00 - 3:50 
W 4:00 - 4:50 
r 3:00 - 3:50 
r 4:00 - 4:50 
TIb 11:'» U:50 
T 3:00 - 3:50 
W 1:00 - 1:50 
W 2:00 - 2:50 
r 2:00- 2:50 
TIb 10:O(H1:2O 
I'IWf 1:00 -1:50 
Th 3:00 - 5:50 
TIb 11 :.5(H2:50 
T 3:00 - 5:50 
1'1 2:00 - 4:50 
TTh 8:JO - 9:50 
I'Iwr 11 :O(H!:50 
TIb 1:00 - 2:20 
W 2:00 - 4:50 
1'1 1:00 - 3<50 
TIb 2:JO.3:50 
TIb 1:00 - 2:20 
I'IWf 2:00 - 2:50 
I'IWf 11 :OO-U:50 
I'IWf 9:00 - 9:50 
MWf 10:00-10:50 
W 12:()()-2:50 
M 3:00 - 5 :50 
TTh 11 :30-12:50 
TTh 2:'}() - 3:50 
I'IWf 1:00 - 1:50 
TTh 10:()()-U :20 
W 3:00 - 5:50 
MWr 10:00-10:50 

I'Iwr 3:()()- 3:50 
T 1:00 - 3:50 
Til 1:00 - 3:50 
TTh 10:()()-U :20 

ROOI'I 
/ISS 2305 
PlItL 1117 
"SS 1305 
HSS 2250 
USII5020 
"SS 1505 
USII 3020 
USII 5060 
TI" 1102 
/ISS 1350 
/ISS 1305 
"SS 2150 
"SS 2150 
/ISS 2150 
"SS lJ50 
HSS 21~ 
"SS 2150 
/ISS 2150 
"SS 2150 
/ISS 1350 
PlltL ill7 
1111 2135 
PlItL 1117 
PlltL 1117 
HSS 2333 
TlH 1102 
ArM 210! 
HSS 1106 
HSS 6008 
HSS J086 
TUfHO 
811 2lJ5 
PH 103 
"SS 6008 
HSS 6008 
IISS 21~ 
/ISS 2333 
HSS 2305 
API'! 2250 
l'Iec 124 
IISS 2305 
IISS J086 
Tell 102 
USII J06() 
PH 102 
Pl'tL 1110 
AC IliA 
TE" 102 
TLH 110 

IISS 2321 
t1SS '}()86 
1155 J086 
PlItL 1110 

Pllor. 
StaJf 

f'arrlsh 1'1 r; 

Hughes J 1'1 

I'Iacld 0 

l'Ionteon 1'1 P 

l'Iosshimmcr A A 
I'Iarlno J A 
Jwaldeh W 
!:delman II S 
!:delman II S 
lewandowski II 

Hughes /I 5 
Jwa1deh W 
I'Iltchell II A 
I'Iltchell II A 
Hughes J 1'1 
Norberg 1\ 
lIIein II 
Parrish 1'1 [ 
l'Iaclel 0 
JanlewsklO 
RitChie R C 
KJeln II 
JanlewsklD 
Grossman J 
Gates-Hunt R 
Rlttcrspom G 
Greb G A 
Rittcrsporn G 
Kane A 

Metzger T A 
Pickow 10 P G 

PIcJ\owlo P G 

last four did not hold rrue (the team lost 
three of four instead). "We will have to 
play extremely well, something we just 
don't seem to do enough consistently." 

One question that has intrigued many 
foUowers is why the Tritons always 
begin each game as if they were . 
sleepwalking. losses to Biola, sec, Cal 
Lutheran, Cal Baptist, Westmont and 
Poin! Loma can be directly attributed to 
lackluster first-half efforts. "If I knew the 
answer I cenainly would do something 
about it," said the Triton coach 
sarcasticaUy. "We JUSt don't seem to be please lurn 10 page 16 

//////////////////////////////////////////~//////////// ////////////////////////////////~/~//////////// ' ./// 
//// / / ////// / / / / /~~-;-;~~/ //////"" C// / j~~j~-;-;~'-;///////// S mon C~~ 

I ' Node. to WalreD • ii 
I; warren seniors lnterested In ~ All graduating commencement ~ audlttonlng to be ~er .... attend the 

~ ceremony student on Thursday. March i~ Public speakina :~o:ack Cafe (Bldg. 711 
~ ~ lat 6-8:30 pm Ie include all 1983-84 grads ~~ W.C.). Sentors ~85 grads For additlonal ~: and Fall 1 tl~n see the SENIOR ~j, Commencement tnf°d'minUl1a~'" 11-'1 or can the ~ ~~ LEITER to be matte .Wo nt'&U 71 j~~ w ....... tles OfBce at 452·61 . 

// 
// 
// 

~~ r/ I.- ~ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 

C 

/// ~l.IY' 
/// ~,,///// 
/// ~ //////////////////// 
/// '.' /////////////////////////////// 

I j~~ ~-; ~~m; ~ j ~ ~~~~~-;~ ~~~~j ~~~ -; -;-; ~~ ~~~~~~~~~j ~ j j ~ ~ ~ ~~~~~ 

UCSD Rugby: 
rough 'n' tough 
By BRITA OLSEN 

"This year," says first-year rugby coach Tom Butler, 
"we're going to play rugby tough" The average person 
might ask what this means. "Rugby," Butler explains, 
"is traditionaUy a ruffian spon played by gentlemen." 
There are 15 "gentlemen" to be exact: seven players are 
backs who run the plays, and the other eight are 
forwards who get the ball to the backs; forwards do 
"the dirty work," as Butler puts it. The rugby field is 
125 yards by 60 yards, 36% bigger than the standard 
footbaU field . This is because a rugby team has four 
more on-field players than a footban team does. 

Sconng is similar to that in football . One tries to get 
the ball across the goal line , but in rugbr the ball must 
be touched on the ground to get the ful four points. 
For the extra point (in rugby it is actuaUy an extra twO 
points), the baU is brought back in a direct line from 
where it crossed the goal line origlnaUy and is kicked 
tlirough the goal posts. Since the ball usuaUy doesn 't 
cross the center of the goal line, it is the team 's c:hoke 
as to how far they want the ball brought back to get 
the best possible angle at the goal posts. The drop kick 
and the penalty kick, wonh three points each, are twO 
additional ways of scoring in the game. 

Conditioning is essential in rugby. The game lasts 
80 minutes with only one five-minute break. Like 
basketball and soccer, it is played non-stop, with 
offense and defense continuously switching back and 
foM . The actioQ never stops. Once a player gets the 
ball, he has four choices: kick the ball in the air, pass 
the ball, kick the baU from the ground or get tackled; if 
the player gets tackled he tries to get the ball to a 
teammate before going down . Because of this Butler 
caUs a rugby team "15 unselfish individuals." 

There are only twO substitutions allowed in a game, 
so an average player ends up playing essentially for the 
entire 80 minutes. The pounding during this long 
period of play is hard on the bodies of the players. 
This is advantageous for the spectators stnce their 
vision is never obstructed, but it shonens the rugby 
players' playing careers. Most rugby players in this 
country don't last more than six or seven years before 
retiring. 

Although the last few UCSD rugby teams have not 
fared very weU, Butler is confident that he can turn 
things around, and if anyone is capable of doing so, it 
is he. For the past 19 years Buder has been involved 
in coaching and playing rugby. In 1972 he was a 
member of the BATs, the first rugby team to play 
behind the Iron Cunain. Currently, in addition to his 
part-time,coaching job at UCSD, Butler coaches the 
Junior Griffins, a San Diego team conslsttng of the best 

under-24 year olds In the San Diego area. He is alSO 
the preSident of the Southern California Rugby 
Council. 

UCSD's rugby team is different from others that he 
has coached, and because of this he has had to alter 
his coaching philosophy slightly. At UCSD he feels that 
"books come before the ball," so he tries to take 
advantage of the players' inteUigence. Every 
Wednesday night from 7-11 he invites a different 
rugby dub from the San Diego area to play against his 
team for practice, since nine out of the 15 starting 
players are novices and need the experience. "Because 
there are no dumb athletes on the team ," says Buder, 
they pick up the game easily and "have good 
knowledge of rugby, but they are weak and get thrown 
around." Durmg the off-season, Butler plans to work on 
this weakness, and he is currently trying to develop 
the team mto a more fluid passmg team. In the Future 
Butler feels that we can look forward to having a good 
UCSD rugby team ... if one still exists. 

Going hand-tn-hand With the spOrt ot rugby are the 
after-game parties in which both teams get together, 
have a few drinks and sing a Few traditional songs 
(whose lyrics cannot be printed in a newspaper). Last 
year a few of these parties caused the entire team to be 
placed on probation. "If they don't straighten up this 
year,· says Butler, "the team will be abolished." 

SOFT CONTACT LENSES Get out from under -enroll in 
in 
most cases 

INCLUDES: 
Contact lenses, examination, 
patient training, follow up, 
chemical care kit and fitting, 
EXIINDED WEAR LENSES 
ONLY $165.00 

THE CLASSICAL EYE 
DR. ROBERT HEUER 

La Jolla Village Square 
(Inside the Mall; Lower Level) 

8657 Villa La Jolla Drive. Suite 136 
451-7374 

HydroculVe extended wear lenses available. 

Information 
Academic 
Libraries 
a course designed to teach you strategies for doing library 

research faster and better 

Contemporary Issues 50 
Spring Quarter, 1984 

Hu .... nltles Library Building 
Section A: Monday & Wednesday, 9:00 - 9:50 a.m., Cluster 

Undergraduate Library, Room 2100 H/L Building, 2 units 
Instructor: Marc Glttlesohn 

Contemporary luua50 (a two-unlt COUM) II offered 
Fall, Winter, and Spring Quarters each w..N'_ 



" 

14 Febl1lary 27, 1984 . 
SPORTS 

Men netters eyeing top spot 
By CHRISTINA KAUS 

As the 1984 Triton men's tennis 
season heads into full swing, the 
prospect of achieving a Division III 
number one national ranking is 
becoming more than a strong possibility 
for the Tritons. UCSD is currently 
undefeated in Division III match play, 
including a big win over Division UI 
rival UC Santa Cruz at the All-Cal 
Tournament earlier this month. 

With an overall record of 5-5, the 
lonly losses the Tritons have suffered 
have been to highly-ranked Division 1 
and II teams, such as Cal State Long 
Beach and San Diego Stare University. 
The Tritons have, however, proven to be 
a threat to Division U teams, as they 
showed with a decisive 6-3 victory over 
CSU Bakersfield rwo weeks ago. 

Last week, the Tritons competed in • 
the University of San Diego Tournament 
and finished an impressive 12th out of 
22 teams. This was the best finish the 
Tritons have ever managed in the USD 

Number two performer Dan Beers. 

LOOK 
BINDINGS 

NORDICA 
BOOT SYSTEMS 

tournament. Triton coach Steve Mott 
cited the play of Gene Jones and Dan 
Beers, numbers one and twO 
respectively, as "quite good." 

Among the other teams entered in the 
rournament were Division 1 tennis giants 
UCLA and Pepperdine University. Both 
teams have been in the top five of the 
national polls aU season long, and both 
have at least rwo hIghly nationaUy-
ranked players. UCLA ended up 
winning the rournamem and 

Pepperdine fimshed third. Mott is an 
alumnus of UCLA and number one. 
Jones is the older brother of 
Pepperdine's number one player, Kelly 
Jones. 

Overall, coach Mott thinks "the team 
is looking good." Match play has been 
fairly consistent and the Tritons have 
been winning when they should. The 
real test will come next Saturday, March 
3 at home, when the Tritons face 
Redlands UniversIty, the number one 
team in Division III . 

Number one singles pla)'fr Eugene Jones. 

Women shaking a confident hand 
By JULIE RICHTER 

The UCSD women's tennis team 
scored another critical victory last week, 
defeating Occidental College. their 
number one rival , by a score of 6-3. "It 
was a sound win," said coach Liz 
Dudash La Plante. "We beat them 
decisively in a long, four to five hour 
match." This boosts UCSD's chances for 
a strong performance In the National 
ChampionshIps, since UCSD placed 
fi fth last year behind Occidental College 
one more time in a home match, and as 
coach La Plante says, "We expect to 
beat them." 

All of UCSD's wins in the Occidental 
match except one were accomplished in 
straight sets, as UCSD won four of the 
singles matches and rwo of the doubles. 
At the head of the line-up, Cathy 
Sturdivant faced the Nationals champIOn 
of last year, Jean Marie Sander, and lost 
1-6, 4-6. Jessica Vernon also had a 
tough match, lOSing to her opponent, 

Kristen Carter, 3-6,6-7. 'JessIca staned 
playing really well in the second set, 
and the match was preny close. Next 
time she will beat her," said La Plante. 

Number three player Nadine Akimoto 
had good control of her match 
throughout and defeated Frannie Leon, 
6-2, 6-3. "Nadine felt the best she ever 
had after a match," commented La 
Plante. In the number four posinon, Lisa 
Gilbert, also played very well, beating 
Wendy AntisdeI6-4, 6-1 in a match of 
long baseline rallies. "The other girl 
became tOO impatient," noted La Plante. 
Meli Sani, the number five player, won 
6-4, 6-1 against Amy Marcus, as did 
number six player Susan Sanchez, who 
finished off Tina Manin, 7-6, 6-4. 

"We're ready to do damage in the 
doubles, because we hadn't been doing 
that great in past matches," said La 
Plante. The number one doubles team of 
Vernon and Akimoto tromped Sanders 

and Caner, 6-2 , 6-4, with superb 
volleying.and serving. Gilbert and 
Sturdivant, playing second doubles , 
secured another Win for the Tritons, 
defeating Leon and Marcus, 6-2, 6-3. 
Sani and Sanchez, playmg together for 
the first time, lost 0-6, 6-4, 3-6. 

Combining this result with the 8-1 
triumph over Mesa College last 
Wednesday, UCSD's wm-loss record 
stands at 8-3. "we're looking forward to 
the national rankings to come out from 
the coaches association "which prOVides 
us with racquets," said La Plante. 

Along with daily practices, the team 
meets with sports psychologist, Bob 
Moss of the UCSD Physical Education 
Department for tips on self-confidence. 
"He helps you find ways to feel self-
confident, such as how to shake hands 
with someone, or the way to write your 
name. The girls now give a team cheer 
before each match and it really pumps 
them up." 

UCSD 
SNOW 

SKI CLUB 
1984 SPRING BREAKAWAY 

MARCH 24-31 
The 

to Sun 
and UC 

UCSD Snow Ski Club presents the annual Spring Breakaway trip 
Valley, Idaho. We will be joined by the UC Riverside, USC, 
Irvine ski clubs for a week of superb skiin9. 

THE TICKET INCLUDES; Transportation there and back, deluxe condo 
accomodations with a pool, suana, and jacuzzi, a 5 day lift ticket, 
carnival activities(dances,T-shirts,picnics,races,broomball,jacuzzi 
party), and all UC San Diego extras. 

We will be leaving at lO:30pm on March 24. Tickets may be purchased 
at the box office. You must be a Ski Club member to buy a ticket. 
Become a member at tile February 29 Ski Meeting, or visit us in the 
Pub between llam and 2:30pm everyday. Membership dues are $10. 

Tickets on so\e 
Come and experience a Ileek of unforgetable skiing, UCSD Ski Club 

comradery, and get an early start on your summer tan! Wahooooo!!! 

at the BOX OFFICE BI IS/CONDO $295 GROUND $l90 

UCSD falls (in)to Canyon· 
By MIKE GREENBERG 

In a game that lived up to its 
advanced billing in evety conceivable 
fashion, the Grand Canyon Antelopes 
defeated their counterparts from UCSD 
Thursday afternoon, 9-7 . At the same 
time across town, San Diego State was 
losing to USD 2-1 in what had to come 
in second place as far as excitement in 
San Diego baseball went that day. 

Knowing all too well that the 
Antelopes were a great hitting team, 
head coach Lyle Yates staned junior 
righthander Mark Sloan. Sloan pitched 
well for the first four innings before 
wildness and the long ball forced Yates 
to send him to the showers early. But 
the loss cannot solely be attributed to 
Sloan; on the contrary, it was the entire 
Triton pitching corps that cOst the team 
the victory. After all, UCSD's freshman-
laden offense produced seven runs on 
15 hits, yet by capitalizing on the 11 
walks and 13 hits yielded by Triton 
pitchers, the nation's third-ranked team 
was able to score two more runs. "How 
can we allow 11 walks?" asked Yates 
rhetorically before Saturday's 
doubleheader against the "Brawling 

bottom of the inning when Klaudio 
Biazevich came in on a Stanovich single 
to right. 

But In the seventh, the Antelopes 
increased their advantage with back-to-
back doubles and a single by - you 
guessed it - Tony Fernandez. Only a 
spectacular inning-ending double play 
by third baseman Petersen kept the 8·5 
margin as small as it was. 

The teams exchanged runs in the 
next twO frames, so when the Tritons 
batted in the bo.ttom of the ninth, the 
scoreboard still showed them down by 
three, 9-6. But the team with six 
freshman starters did not quit; maybe 
they don't know how yet. Back-to·back 
singles by Petersen and John Rosness, 
who was 4-5 on the day, put runners at 
first and second. Yates then replaced 
the two starters with pinch running 
specialists Dave Becherer and Randy 
Jones. Becherer, who is the team's 
fastest player, displayed his talents when 
Dan DiMascio singled to left. The Triton 
senior scored without a throw, and the 
lead was cut to two at 9-7 with the tying 
runners on base. However, the rally 

Third-ytar coach Lyle Yales finally has a baU, two hands and a season to 10011 forward 10. 

Stags: "II our pitching could have held 
up we would have upset them, because 
our offense and defense were JUSt fine." 

Sloan actually carried a 1-0 lead into 
the top of the fourth inning, but three 
Grand Canyon runs, highlighted by All-
American Tony Fernandez's two-run 
homerun over the left field fence, gave 
the Antelopes a 3-1 advantage. However, 
the Tritons came back, as they have 
done often at Olsen Field thus far in 
this young season. In the bottom of the 
fifth , David Stanovich singled, stole 
second and scored on Bob Natal's triple 
to center. Two walks and a wild pitch 
scored Natal, tying the game at three 
and putting runners on second and 
third. Don Petersen then laced a single 
to center to score John Hickman, who 
had previously walked. But Derek 
Alkonis was thrown out at third, killing 
the potential big inning when the next 
hitter grounded into a doubleJ'lay. 

Grand Canyon took the lea for good 
in the sixth by pushing across three 
more runs on three singles and rwo hit 
batsmen. Fernandez capped the inning 
wih RBIs three and four for the day with 
a single to left, making the score 6-4. 
UCSD cut the margin to one in the 

quickly fizzled, and UCSD was a loser to 
Grand Canyon for the third time this 
year. 

"I am extremely happy with the way 
our guys played," said Yates. "We seem 
to gain more confidence each day, and 
playing the number t}:tree team in the 
nation to an almost standstill is quite an 
accomplishment. Now if only our 
pitching would come around." 

If there is a way to benefit from a 
loss, the Tritons have discovered it. 
Instead of being depressed, the club's 
mood is positive. They know that it is 
much more important to lose to a great 
team by a slim margin than to blowout 
inferior teams, reasoning that good 
teams are a much better measuring stick 
for how the club will do this year. 
Confidence is such a key factor, and 
Yates says that the Grand Canyon loss 
did much more for the team than the 
doubleheader sweep of Cal Tech one 
week ago. "The guys were down because 
of the loss, but up because of how well 
we played . I told them that they should 
be proud of themselves. We played 
them tough, coming back on every 
occasion. I know they feel good about 
that." 

Olsen Field vandalized; Tritons split 
Imagine the frustration of baseball coach Lyle Yates. Upon arriving at Olsen Field 

Saturday morning for the doubleheader against Claremont, Yates noticed that a huge 
hole had been cut m the fence surroundmg the field . After further inspection, Yates 
discovered thallhe two ATC three-wheelers which are used to smooth out the infield 
dirt had been stolen. This is the fifth time that equipment has been stolen at Olsen 
Field .in the past twO years',:I r~poned it to the UC~D police, ~ut that's like telling the 
pnnclpal of La Jolla HIgh, saId a flustered Yates. They won t do anythmg about it. 
The UCSD police would rather spend their time giving OUt parking tickets than 
protect the property." 

The frustration continued for Yates and the Triton squad as they lost the first game 
of the rwinbill, 5-4, by committing a pair of twO-out blunders in the fifth inning to 
allow the Brawlm' Stags to score four unearned runs . Because Klaudio Biazevich did 
not show up for the game and Chris laRosa was six minutes late to repon tothe field, 
Dennis Costa was inserted at third base. Costa booted a routine grounder that opened 
the door for the Stags. Derek Alkonis rifled an 0-2 slider over the left field wall for the 
T mons m theIr half of the fifth, but II was not enough . Robert Rolf absorbed his first 
loss of the year. 

UCSD salvaged the second game 8-5 , as the team pounded out 14 hItS, including 
three apiece by John Ro ness. Dan DiMascio and David tanovich. Costa made up for 
hIS fIrst game blunder by smashmg a three-run home run in UCSD's six-run fifth. 
Starter Enc Reynolds pIcked up hIS (hlrd win of the season . 

lAST CALL 
for Muir Graduates-to-be 

to audition for "Senior Speaker" 
(at Graduation). 

Contact the Dean's Office by March 2 
for details, and to sign up for 

audition. 
Stop in, or call 452·3567 NOW! 

ncDI RISTCLISS to .... FUN A SUN of 

MAZATLAN ~ P~~~~T1jueneAlrport A ~~ 
- Round-trip air transportation via Aaomexlco ~...", ~ q.~' 

T1juana/Mazatlan ~~ -II fP' q.. 
- Round-trip transfers Airport/Hotel f, ~ 6' 
- Hotel accomodatIons In Mazatlan ror 5 n~ts ~ .-£II-~"" ~ 

lit ,... ,..,. dalRay HcMf on ... buch ~n.cJ- (:y. 
• Double occupancy: tI95 ~ 
• Triple ocOJPlnCY! ... 

-~ ... comenlcnca of rouncf.4rlp..me. 
o.cny from UCSD CMIpUI. 
-~ ... ~rIc of ~ UCSD 

block of 1'00IIII In one of ~'. bat 
hoWls on ... bach. 

-Go wtth ... bat: 0CIt'. at.IbIlshed 
rcpue.tIon In gMns you ... bat trIpI. 

'* BASKETBALL 
* TENNIS 
'* VOLLEYBALL 

* BOWLING 
"* foOTBALL 
"* SWIMMING 

"* IRAtI( &0 fiELD * WEIGHTlIfTiNG 
"* SofTBALL 

A 4-day Individual and Team Competltlori 
Thursday, Friday, Saturday, SuncJQy 

March 1,2,3,4 

Open to all UCSD Students, Staff & Faculty 
Sign Up by 4:00 pm, Wednesday, February 29 

For Information and to sign up: 
Canyonvlew Admin. OffIces 

Department of Physical Education ><4037 



16 February 27. 1984' 
SPORTS 

Basketball 
continued {rom page 12 

For the Tritons to come up with a 
victory this Saturday night, Marshall will 
have to find the solution to the equation 
x + good second half· victory. 

One bright note for the losers was the 
play of guards Greg Kamansky and 
Brandon Nixon. Interestingly enough, 
each player chose which half he would 
produce in. Kamansky kept UCSO in 
the contest in the first 20 minutes by 
threading the nets for 16 of UCSD's 27 
points. Meanwhile . Nixon fueled a 
second-half comeback with 22 of his 
game-high 25 . A Mike Oabasinskas 70-
foot pass to a streaking Nixon for two 
actually cut the Crusader lead from a 
once-potent 17 to three, 49-46, with 
9:43 remaining. 

On Point Loma's ensuing possession, 
one that the Tritons had to stOP if they 
wanted to keep the momentum on ttleir 
side, five different Crusaders attempted 
shots. The last of these, a IS-footer from 
the baseline by Terry Troncale. was 
good , and the lead was 51-46. Nixon 
then drove the lane , split three 
defenders and arched what looked like 
a sure four-footer. But Deon Richard, 
Point Lorna's all -star sophomore center, 
rejected the shot and outletted to Dana 
Andrews, whose fingerroll over 
Dabasinskas completed the four-po int 
turnaround. UCSD staged a few mild 
comebacks, but on each occasion the 

Crusaders would answer with either a 
Scott Vaughns comer jumper or a Kirk 
Kenney inside score . Vaughns, who 
tallied 22 on Spirit Night, added 20 on 
Friday and commented on the 
difference between the Tritons three 
weeks ago and today. "When we played 
them last, they were really pumped up 
- very intense ," said Vaughns, who is 
second to Richard on the team in 
scoring. "Tonight 1 was worried about 
our chances, but they didn't seem to get 
pumped up like they did then. Once 1 
saw them playing son of lethargic, I 
knew we had them ." 

Actually, it was not so much UCSD's 
lethargy as its dreadful defense, 
palticularly in the first of the two halves. 
In their zone, the Tritons were not 
moving qUickly enough to stOP Point 
Lorna's fluid ball movement. Countless 
times the Crusaders would find the gap 
in the middle of the 3-2 zone for easy 
baskets; this was a far cI)' from what 
happened February 3 when the Triton 
"freak" defense (three men playing man-
to-man, two playing zone) stymied Point 
Loma throughout. ·Weak," was Brandon 
Nixon's deSCription of his team's 
defensive effolt. ·We were just standing 
around watching other guys make easy 
two-footers. We've got to try harder. We 
have intense practices but don't play 
that way in the game. It should be the 
other way around, but it 's not," said 
UCSD's point guard, who played 
magnificently in defeat for the secorid 
game in a row. 

UNIVERSITY 
OF 

WARWICK 
* ONE OF BRIT AlNS FINEST UNMRsmES 
* 5000 + fUll TIME STUOfNTS . 450 ACRE CAMPUS 
* STRATFOIIHlN·AVON 15 MIU5. lONOON 

70 MINUns BY REGUlAR TRAIN 

SUMMER SCHOOL 
4th JULY - 3rd AUGUST 1984 

A British studies program designed especially for students from 
North America. Courses for credit in: 

archaeology 
art his lory 

english 
hislory 

political science 
theatre studies 

Fees: US $ 92 5 (includes accommodation. tuition. field trips etc.) 
US $ 1175 lall in. including food) 

Consult your Study Abroad Office or obtain an illustrated 
prospectus by Air Mail from Dr D. Mervin. Director. Summer 
School (UN). University of Warwick. Coventry. England 
CV4 7 AL Junior Vear Abroad applications welcome. 

Muir College 
House Advisor Positions 

1984-85 
Applications are available at the Muir Residence Halls Office with a 
job referral Uob #4226) from Student Employment. Students from all 

colleges are eligible . 

Applicatio.l Deadline is Friday, March 2. 
Call 452-4200 for additional information. 

As for Marshall, the flamboyant coach 
has made statements that seemed 
absurd at the time, but later proved true. 
For instance, when the club was 
floundering at 1-5, Marshall stated that 
his club was going to beat Point Lorna, a 
ten-point favorite on Spirit Night. They 
did . But by the same token, Marshall's 
outlandish comments have not 
prevailed, and he speculated that he 
might have put pressure on his team. 
Winning three out of the last four, 
possibly all four, was a prophecy that 
came true only in the coach's dreams; 
UCSD won only once during that time 
span, and seems to have transgressed 
from the powerhouse club which a week 
and a half ago rode a three-game 
winning streak, to one of confusion and 
apathy - nor the best two commodities 
for a basketball team to possess as it 
enters its post-season tournament. 

"Someumes we put evel)'thing 
together and perform where we can beat 
anyone," said Marshall in a barren 
Crusaders gym 30 minutes after the 
contest had ended. "Why can't we play 
like that more often? You'll have to 
answer that one. Hopefully we will be 
ready. We'll work all week long in 
getting the team mentally and physicaUy 
prepared for March 3." 

But don't be surprised if you wander 
imo the Pavilion Saturday afternoon, just 
a few hours before UCSO's playoff game 
is scheduled to Stalt, and see the 
Tritons in a full scrimmage. JUSt as a 
precaution , of course. 

TRITON HOOP-LAH: Point Loma head 
coach Ben Foster, who has sun his team 
lose six of its last seven, was pleased with 
the effort. although not completely satisfied. 
"When you shoot 60% and the other team . 
shoots 40%, and you have to struggle to 
win, you'd be a fool not to worry ...... The 
coaches convened yesterday afternoon to 
seed each of the eight pklyoff teams. 
Marshall would like to have the Tritons 
seeded seventh, since that would pit them 
against see (to whom they have lost twice 
this year) but not at their gym, since see 
forfeits the right to host playoff games 
because their facility cannot house 1,000 
- the minimum required according to 
NALA rules .... Here 's the probable seeding in 
the pklyoffs (speculative): 1) Westmont, 2) 
sec. 3) Biola, 4) Cal Baptist. 5) Point 
Loma. 6) Fresno Pacific or UeSD, 7) 
UeSD or Fresno Pacific, 8) Azusa Pacific. 
The pairings are: 1-8, 2-7. 3-6, and 4-5 .... 
Neither Mark Barreca nor Steve Flint ever 
gOl on-track, and each finished with six 
points, nine points under their alltrages .... 
Dabasinskas played well in the first half. 
but inexplicably did not see much action in 
the second. When someone commented that 
he pklyed Well, Dabo replied, "Not well 
enough, since I was on the bench in the 
second half " ... MarshaU is still fighting a 
cold that he has had for the last few 
weeks .. .. Jeff Ochroch played well when 
Marshall went to a three-guard offense. 
That offense trimmed the Crusadfrs ' 17-
point bulge to eight by intermission .. .. The 
team practices today at 4 pm in the 
Pavilion and throughout the weeh in 
anticipation of the pklyoffs. 

914. VW. BMW. AUDI Service 
German Car Specialists 

All work fully guaranteed. Factory-Trained Specialist 
Monday-Friday 8 am - 5:30 pm. Saturday 8 am - 5 pm 

(619) 454-7823 ) 14630 Mission Bay Drive 
(619) 454-37056 KInde. (!-5 to Balboa Exit) 
(619) 275·1132 .w. __ . San Diego, CA. 92109 
* We use and recommend Kendall® Lubricants to our customers, * 

------------------.-------------------UCSD SPECIAL I 10% OFF 
4 cyl Tune-Up $45: On All Other Repairs 
6 cyl Tune-Up $65 I (Except Motor & Transmission Overhaul) 

With This Coupon I With This Coupon 
(Nol valid wilh any olher coupon) : (Nol valid wilh any..olher coupon) 

From Low $70,000'8 
in The Golden Triangle 
Nestled between University Towne Center and the ocean 
is the Pines of La Jolla. Enter your highly secure 1, 2 or 3 
bedroom condominium home with enclosed garage 
parking. Enjoy a game of ra.cquetball, a swim in one of the 
two spacious pools or just relax in the spa. Live in 
splendid environs with video monitors, imported 
european cabinetry, microwave ovens, 10 foot high 
ceilings and many other luxurious amenities. 

Phase II is now open for viewing. 

Pines of La Jolla 
low $70,000's 

Superlative Financing 
Models Open 10:30 to Dusk Daily 

Closed Wednesday 

(619) 452·1152 

"n. 1 .... t ll 'II ·1 I 1.1 I 11. 111 )01.1 .... n l ,1 Jill I I I II ~ I 

Friendly confines payoff at last 
By LISA LAPIN 

The Triton men's volleyball team won 
its first home match of the season 
Friday night in a long struggle against 
Cask 'n' Cleaver, UC Riverside's non-
league club team. 

Despite the hand injury of hitting star 
Matt Hunt and the absence of off-hand 
hitter Tad Braun, UCSO took the match 
in four games, 15-11, 16-18, 15-11 and 
15-9. 

The lirst game opened with UCSD 
surging ahead to a five-point lead, with 
all of the key plays accomplished by 6-7 
sophomore blocker Mike MitcheD. Both 
UCSD and Cask 'n' Cleaver had many 
balls Oy Out of the COUIt, forcing 
consecutive side-outs and enabling each 
team to put two on the board, placing 
the score at 7-2. 

Scott McGregor and Bateman made a 
blocking waD that the Riverside team 
could not climb around, and they too 
forced side-outs and racked up several 
points for the Tritons, putting them in 
the lead at 10-4. 

A hit by the injured Hunt (who 
played only one game) brought another 
point to the home team, but two missed 
serves in a row allowed the visitors to 
come back to six. 

With the score 13-7. the Riverside 
coach called a time out that had a 
visible effect. The Tritons were held at 
game point for five attempts before they 
took it. 15-11. 

The second game also saw UCSO 
start out with a lead, but it was not one 
that they held for more than two points 
at a time before the Riverside team 
would come back with weD-organized 
footwork and blocking techniquts. 

Pat Brienen, a sophomore hitter from 

Palos Verdes, played a solid game, 
hitting three consecutive side-outs for 
the Triton defense. Despite the bright 
perfonnance, the home team was 
generally sloppy, and feD behind by a 4-
3 score. 

Scott Criswell provided blocking 
defense that tacked on more points for 
the Tritons, and a Riverside error 
brought the score to five aD. CrisweD 
then spiked for the side·out at 7-5, and 
Brienen killed the ball for an addition to 
the Triton scoreboard. After a missed hit 
by Henderson and a net call on 
Bateman, UCSO was behind by two. 
Consecutive hits by McGregor, Brienen 
and Criswell brought side-outs to the 
home team that went unused. The 
Riverside team then surged up to nine 
before finaDy making an error in UCSO's 
favor to make the score 9-8, Riverside. 

Another kiD by Brienen brought the 
game to a tie, and Cask 'n' Cleaver 
caDed a time out The breather did some 
good for the club team, which came 
back to put two more points on the 
scoreboard. Two briDiant serving aces in 
a row by George Knights put UCSO 
ahead by one. After a few errors on both 
sides, the score was at 15-14 in the 
visiting team's favor, and Brienen tied 
the game at 15 with a steady slam. A 
ball knocked out of the court gave 
UCSD a 16-15 edge, and a Brienen-
Criswell block brought a side-out at 16 
all. However, the Tritons missed their 
serving opportunities. dropping the 
game right into the visitors' laps. 

After its poor perfonnance in the 
second game, the home team 
straightened out on defense and honed 
its skills to play two precise and well-

................................................................................................................................................................. 

Classical studies 
new Counes for Spring 1984 

ClaJbI StIuIIa 111/ Speckl Topla III Greek DnaIa 
Course code ~~13, Tu/'lb 11:30-12:50, HL 3309, Profe.gor Lee 

'ibis cOUJ"Se will be devoted to a study of the later plays of 
EurIpides, Including the ne/en, Ion, lJiIcchK and others. lbe 
course will be organized In seminar format with ample opportunity 
for discussion. In addition to questions of dramatic art and 
DIl'I'IUve structure, special attentlQll will be focused 011 the 
poUtlcaI ovatonta of the plays, along with comic, satirical, 
perhaps even absurdlst aspects of Eurlpldean tngecly. 
Mythological and psychologk:allssues will also be strased. 

ClaJbI studies 51 / ~tJfIc y~ tIIro ..... 
Greek ad latID Boola 

course code 5512, MWr 10-10:50, HSS 2150, Professor Heath 
An Intensive exposure to the Greek and latin preftxes, roots, and 

sufllxes which form the basis of blosclentillc terminology. 
~nslve practice fn word-building and analysis. 'ibis course Is 
desfgried to help students learn the plethora of new words they are 
required to know In science COUJ'!e5. .,0 knowledge of Greek or 
latin required. 

VIfD~IIO&,4DflAr~ rNUS Ilf ClASSICS 
The faculfil of the f1og,.". In Cl&uIc.l Studies .Ifl pIfued 10 Mnounce the 

first .. n".' Un~~ PrlJe.s In CiI'fJeIc. utln. IIId CIasIc.l Studies TIle 
prlJes In Citeelt ItId utln wi.II be .... n1ed on the buIs of COlI,. wolt. Md .11 
!Jtudent.s enrolled In Cireek or t..tln will .utomMlcdy be Included In the 
rompetition. Ttae prizes will con~st of$!O ac:h to be uMl for the pwc#t&te 
of Qreek or LatIn tats of the student's choice. The prIz;e In a.ssIc.l Studla 
will be .. Ided on the b&tIs of.n open competition thM My unde"""~ 
student" UCSD ".." inter. The prize will be ...,.nIed to the wri~r of the but 
ewg on My topic IIdMIng fo Cl&uIc.l.4ntlqulty. TIte UM/I ".., be. JMper 
IIIlUdgsubmittedinconitectlonwithcourse-workoronepreIMlfldapedMly 
for the cotnpetltlon. lsMIJS Ihould be submitted to the a.ssIc.l Studla 
OffIce. JOtU If4tSS.JIf"'-Code C404. no "r thMI April 10, 19/U. No kn~ 
of Ci_k or. LatIn Is requiml {or this competition. The pme will be • COPIJ of 
rite OIt(orrJ aa,lc.r Dlctlon.fM. the stMdmI ,.uence wolt In tngllsh. hUes 
III ., .three ategories will be IIInounced .t • .specY1 Claslc.l Studla 
Reception to ,. held sometime In JIf., 

.................... " ........................................................................... ... ................................................. 

.... --.. --~-.-----........ " 
___ ..... __ .. _.....J 

fought games to win the match. 
The first few points of the third game 

were fought for by both teams, and were 
marked by turnovers. McGregor was a 
key in the Tritons' starting defense, 
hiaing and blocking for the side-outs. 
Long. exciting raDies .made the score 6-3 
UCSO. 

McGregor was aD over the COUIt in 
both offensive and defensive positiOns, 
and Brienen was visible in front of the 
net as a blocking stronghold. The Triton 
score climbed to ten. with the team 
from Riverside trailing at seven. Seaing 
(rom Bateman was the boost for UCSD's 
hiaing force, with sets to Brienen and 
McGregor increasing the advamage. The 
home team let a few of Cask 'n' 
Cleaver's points slip by, but the final toll 
was 15-11 in the Tritons' favor. 

The fourth game was the most 
spectacular, as UCSO's footwork 
enhanced the offensive performance. 
HaJ1man and Brienen provided the front 
court waD and suppon for a great raDy 
that left UCSO ahead at 3-2. A hit by 
Brienen added another point for the 
home team; but a net call allowed the 
Riverside club to even the score and 
then get ahead by one. A kill by 
Henderson tied it at five. 

UCSO was stumped on a few blocks 
where the ball flew out of bounds, and 
the Riverside men were ahead by two. 
The Tritons would not be beaten at their 
game, and came back behind the strong 
play of George Knights, whose sharp 
kill, followed by yet another hit and 
then a service ace (his third for the 
match) put the Tritons ahead at 13-9. 

At 14-9, coach Doug Dannevik 
replaced Hallman with Doug Scanley, 

Mike Mitchell has sltied high for UeSD in '84. 

leaving the team on the court without a 
setter. But the squad backed up their 
man, and Stanley managed to hit the 
ball down to secure the game and the 
match. 

"It was a role reversal for us to play a 
team we had the. capability of beating," 
said Dannevik. "We played a good 
match ." 

Brienen, cited by his teammates for 
an outstanding performance, said, "The 
game gave me a good chance to relax 
and show that I know how to play baD. I 
almost qUit at the stalt of the season 
because I didn't get a chance to play, 
but tonight I did ." 

The Ladd Company & UCSD Events Office 
present 

The new police recruits. 
Call them slobs. 
Call them jerks. 
Call them gross. 

Just don't call them 
when you're in trouble. 

March 2, Friday, 8:00 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium, Free! 

Pick-up passes at UCSD Box Office 



Meetings 

1\ "- I~-\' 
-/ 1- / ~(' 1\, \1 \ / , 
-:-1 - / 1-/ , 

MONDAY-FRiDAY 
5:00 pm - Catholic Mass. Sponsored by the 
catholic Community at UCSD. In the 
U1iversity Lutheran Church. 
MONDAY 
10100 ... - Catholic Bible Study. Leader: 
.kim Warren (481-8505). Sponsored by the 
catholic Community at UCSD. In the 
catholic LDunge at the U1iversity Lutheran 
Churdl. 
7:00 pm - catholic BIble Study. Make new 
discoveries and new friends. Sponsored by 
the catholic Community at UCSD. Leader: 
Tamml Winkler f453-4973). In the catholic 
LDunge at t:ne University Lutheran Church. 
7:15 pm - Campus Crusade for Christ's 
" Study Break". Christian fellowshIp, singing, 
food. TonIght's topIC: Sexual Morality ... 7 All 
welcome. In the Chancellors Complex III-A 
7:30 pm - "Are you a Catholic But Don't 
Know W11y7" A Catholic diSCUSSIon group 
fOCUSIng on thIS week's tOPIC " SalvatIon & 
Non-ChrIStians". Sponsored by the catholic 
Community at UCSD. In the LDunge of 
University Lutheran ChurCh. 
WEDNESDAY 
6:00 pm - Student supper and Bible study 
sponsored by the Lutheran CommunIty at 
UCSD. Open to all. In the LDunge of the 
University lutheran Church. 
8:00 pm - Lutheran InqUirers SemInar. In 
the LDunge of the UrllVerslty Lutheran 
Church. 
8:00 pm - Catholic BIble Study. Leader: 
Ellen caPriO (272-5734). Sponsored by the 
Catholic CommunIty at UCSD. In the !Dunge 
of the UnIVerSIty lutheran Church. 
10:00 pm - Candlelight Mass. Sponsored 
by t:ne catholic CommunIty at UCSD. In the 
Chapel at the UniverSity lutheran Church. 
THURSDAY 
2:00 pm - Catholic BIble Study. Leader: 
Emma lee Caprio (272-5734). Sponsored by 
the Catholic CommunIty at UCSD. A t the 
Hump at M uir (in rain: Cloud's Res t). 
5:45 pm - Thursday Night DInner. Enjoy 
good food and good company. Sponsored by 
the Catholic CommunIty at UCSD. In the 
!Dunge of the University lutheran Church. 
52. 

7:)0 pm - Catholic Bible Study. Leader: 
Mary Barger (294-2884 1. Sponsored by the 
catholic Community at UCSD. In the LDunge 
of the U1iverslty lutheran Church. 
FRIDAY 
8:00 pm - Mardi Gras Costume Party. Join 
the fun. Cost S2 includes munchies and beer. 
Come in costumel Sponsored by the catholic 
Student Coordinators. In the Fellowship 
f\Uom In the U1iverslty lutheran Churdl. 
SATURDAY 
5:00 pm - Catholic Mass. Sponsored by the 
catholic CommunIty at UCSD. In the 
U1iversity Lutheran Church. 
SUNDAY 
8:00 & 10:00 am - EpIscopal Church 
Worship SeNlce. Sunday Eucharist and Parish 
fellowship . Good Samaritan Episcopal 
Churdl 4321 Eastgate Mall Across Genesee 
from east end of campus. north of la Jolla 
Village Dr. IntersectIon of Eastgate Mall and 
Genesee. 
8:30 am - Catholic Mass. Sponsored by the 
catholic Community at UCSD. In the 
UllIVerslty lutheran Church. 
10:00 am - "Mantal and Family RelatIOns" 
presented by Dr. John Cramer. clinical 
psychologIst. In the LDunge of the Unl\lersity 
Lutheran Church. 
10:30 am - catholIC Mass. Sponsored by 
the CatholIC CommunIty at UCSD. In the 
Student Cemer. Bldg. B. LDwer Level. Office 
of ReligIOUS Affairs. 
11 :00 am & 7:00 pm -lutheran WorshIp 
SeNices featuring film. "A TIme to See." In the 
chapel of the Unl\lerslty lutheran Church. 
4:00 pm - Catholic Bible Study. Leader: 
Greg ReIter (271-6112). Sponsored by the 
catholIC Community at UCSD. In the Office 
of the Catholic LDunge at the UniverSi ty 
Lutheran Church. 
5:00 pm - Catholic Mass. Sponsored by the 
catilolic Gommunity at UCSD. In the 
U1iversity Lutheran Church. 
7:00 pm - Episcopal Student Fellow ship . 
Prayer. song, bible study. discussion. 
re freshments. fun. For ino call 565-6661. 
8:15 pm - Folk Mass. Good Samaritan 
Episcopal Church 4321 Eastgate Mall. Across 
Genesee from east end of campus north o f La 
Jolla Village Dr. at Eastgate and Genesee. 

MONDAY 
4:00 pm - Regents' Lecturer Naomi 
Haldane Mltchlson. an English novelIst who 
has published over 70 books WI ll talk abou t 
her brother J.B.S. Haldane. a well known 
genetICISt and Communist today at 4 pm and 
Wednesday at Bpm. Sponsored by the 
Department of uterature. In TCHB 142. 
TUESDAY 
3:30-4:30 pm - Energy Center Seminar 
Dr. William Hoiland Manager, ThermIoniC 
Power Project. GA-Technologies. Inc. "Direct 
Conversion Thermionic Power GeneratIon 
for Space ApplIcatIOns. In Urey Hall (Revellel. 

5:10 pm - lAC meeting - speaker Rabbi 
Huim Asa - Experiences WIth pre-I948 
Israel. In the Muir Apr. LDunge 
WEDNESDAY 
- Talk by Gail Omvedt "Women In IndIa: 
Oppression and Revolt". In USB 3OSOA. 
11:30 am - Career~ In law. A panel 
presentation by ((Imlnal, corporate & famIly 
attorneys. AcademIC preparatIOn Will be 
d,scussed. In the North Conf. Rm., Student 
Cemer. 
2:00 pm - "Oo's & Oon'ts of A Successfu l 
Job Hunt." Learn the ropes of effective job 
hunting. A well-organlzed approach can 

make the difference between gettIng 'just a 
job" or startIng a meaningful career. In the 
I\brth Conf. Rm.. Student Center. 
tHURSDAY 
4:00 pm - Regents' Lecturer NaomI 
Haldane Mltchlson WIll read selected poems 
from her w orks. Sponsored by the 
Department o f uterature. In TCHB 142. 
4:00 pm - "An Inside Look at Sports 
Medlane". What It IS & how to prepare for a 
career In thfs field. Invited speakers will 
dISCUSS their backgrounds & how they got to 
where they are. In the North Conf. Rm .• 
Student Center. 

necessary. will be conructed in French. 
Srudents may attend on regular or occasional 
basis. In USB 4070. 
ZdO 4100 pili - Drop-in adVising open 
session br Pre-Medical and Pre-Dental 
students. No appointment necessary. but It is 
alMsalJle to call first to confirm that the 
session will be held. In the Health Sciences 
Advisory Program career Planning & 
Placement Center. Stud. CU. Bldg. A. 452-
4939. 
W.DNaDAY 
.... ,,100 .. - Drop-in advising in open 
session for Pre-Medical and Pre-Dental 
students. No ~ntment ~ry. but It Is 
alMsable to call first to confirm that the 
session will be held. In the Health Sciences 
Advisory Program - career Planning & 
Placement Center. Stud. CU. Bldg. A. 452-
4939. 
10100 .... - Do you want to get ahead in 
the career world this SUITllT1er7 The AS 
intertnshlp office offers internships in many 
fields: biOlogy. political sdence. corJl)Uter5. 
visual arts and many more. If you are 
interested. come to our office located i!I:x:Ne 
the gameroom at the Student Center. 
Summer deadlines for San DiegO: Apr. 27; 
california : Apr. 13. ZIOO-". pm - Graduate Advising 
Seminar. Planning on graduate school? For 
information on application procedures. 
/etters of recommendation. statement of 
purposes and admissions criteria. attend one 
of these seminars by signing up at Career 
Planning & Placement Center Student Ctr. 
Bldg. A or call 452-4939. 
Z.OO-I.OO pm - Resume Writing 
Workshop. Leam how to 'Mite an eIfKtlve 
Resume. Start the process here then ~ 
your resume critiqued by a career Plaming & 
Placement ac:Msor. A must br OI"I-CaI1llUS 
interviewing. In the Revelle Formal Lounge. 
ZIOO-4tOO pili - How to Concentrate At 
\tII11 - Ever wonder ~ you can't ~ 
when you plan to? Lack of concentration is 
one of the most difficult and penlstmt 
prOblems college stUcients face. ThIs . 
\Wrkshop identifies the factors that disrupt 

/earning. and provide proven tectYliques br 
combatting these problems. Leam how to 
put out your maxlrrum eII'ort when you want 
tol Sponsored by OASIS Reading & Stu~ 
Skills Cmter. In the Student emter Bldg. B. 
Cont. Rm. 
1HUIISDAY 
M.4tOO pm - Interested in the health 
professions 7 20 minutes private 
appointments for career planning advice for 
students interested in health careers. call in 
advance for appointment but no earlier than 
ale week. Health Sciences III:Msory Program 
452-4939. In the Student Cmter Bldg. A. 
IlOO 4100 pm - Anding the Hidden Job 
Market. SOCI& of all job vacancies are 
unadll'ertised. This VIIOrkshop will teactl you a 
WZIj to lind out about them. In the Revelle 
Formal Lounge. 
PlllDAY 
9100-10100 ... - The Language Program 
Level I & II - This OASIS program focuses on 
the thinking skills you need to successfully 
handle the reading and writing tasks 
assigrIed In your courses. It is designed br 
those who want to perfect their English 
language skills. LP classes ate taught by 
reading crId writing specialists and bilingual 
tutors. LP Is presented by the Q4\SJS Reading 
& Writing Cmter. In USB 4010. 
10 .. 11 tOO .. - Resume Writing 
WOrkshop. Leam how to write an effKtive 
resume. Start the process here then have your 
resume critiqued ~ a Career Planning & 
Placemer1t alMsor. A must for orKampUs 
interviewing" In the Revelle Formal Lounge. 
10.--11141 .. -Interested in the health 

. professions? 20 minutes private 
appointments for career plamlng advice br 
stuclents interested in health careers. Call in 
acMlrlce for appointment but no earlier than 
ale week. Health Sciences AdvIsory ~am 
452-4939. In the Student Center Bldg. A 
, ... ZIOO ..... -~-1nteMewing 
Orierltation. 1f)OU ate Interested in the on-
cal!1)Us Interviewing this quarter. It Is 
mandatory that you attend one ot these 
orientations before )OU interview. In the 
Re\lelle Formal l.Dunge. 

Academic SeN;ces 
MONDAY-f'RlDAY 
11M .... -4100 pm - PAl Conferences -
Don't spend more tlme stuaying than 
necessary! Schedule a one-to-one PAL 
fpersonal assistance for learning) conference 
to streamline your studying, The conferences 
will deal with your course materials concerns 
including reading comprehension. memory 
control. lecture notetaklng, and test 
preparatlon. as. well as how to manage your 
tlme. handle suess. concentrate better. and 
overcome procrastination, Sponsored by the 
Q4\SJS Reading and Study Skills Center. In 
USB 4010. 
....... 100 pm - OASIS Writing Center 
o~rs free service for all UCSD students who 
need pre-writing help, conferences on drafts. 
and editing alMce. We engage any kind of 
writing and any kind of writing problem. 
Conferences are by appointment only. 
Evening appointrTlentS are f1(NJ also available 
in OASIS Third Place at Third College. fFor the 
full range of services see back of Fall 
Schedule). Call 452-2284 or come by USB 
4010 to malee an appointment This service is 
available throughout the quarter, 
9.00 ~IOO pm - Grammar Moses 
Hotline - A grammar hot/ine phone-in 
service for help with diction, grammar and 
PUnctuatIon problems. To reach Grammar 
Moses. call 452-2284, SporlSOl'ed by the 
Q4.SIS Writing Center. Service available 
throughout the quarter. 
, .... 100 pm - Drop-In-Hours. For quick 
questions pertaining to career planning. job 
hunting. resume critiqueing etc, For more 
individJal attention sign-up or call 452-3750 
for n appolntment with an advisor. In career 
Planning HL 1058. 
MONDAY 
IrOO .... - If you are interested in getting 
ahead in the career world this summer. come 
to the AS. internship office located abfNe the 
gameroom in the Student Center. We have 
internships in many fields: bioengineering. 
computers. visual arts. political sdence and 
many more - Summer cleadlines for San 
Diego: Apr. 27; Califomia: Apr. 13. 
101 .. 111)0 .... - Graduate School 

Ftbruary 27, 1984 19 

AdvIsing. Planning on graduate scrool after 
UCSD7 Afteryou attend a Graduate Advising 
Seminar. drop-in at this time and talk to an 
advisor for more specific or detailed 
inbrmation. In the Student Center Sidg. A 
1UDDAY 
10.0.11100_ - The Language Program 
Levell & II - ThIs OASIS program IbaJses on 
the thinking skills you need to successfully 
handle the reading and writing tasks 
assigned In your courses. It is cIes/g1ed br 
those who want to perfect their English 
language skliis. LP classes are taUgtt by 
reading and writing specialists and bilingual 
tutors. LP Is presented by the OASIS Writing 
Center and the OASIS Reading Center. In 
USB 4010. 
10:00 .... noon - TIme Management -
Do you tQIe time to~. get good grades. 
exerdse. and socialize? The WCfoj we use time 
cleterm/nes how rrudl we achielle and how 
satlsl}llng our days are. If you are not getting 
enough out of your days this workshop wi. 
show you how to take control of you I~. 
plan successfUl stUCt; sessions. inducle sodaI 
and relaxation time, and get through the 
quarter without the cramming frenzy! 
Sponsored by the OASIS Reading ai1d ~ 
Skills Center. TCH 141. 
101 .. 111. _ - Law/MBA AdIIising. 
Law or MBA school group advising hours for 
any questions concerning the application br 
law school or MBA programs, see the Pre-
law/Management alMsor on an informal 
basis. No appointments necessary, but it Is 
advisable to call first at 452-4939 if open 
hours are being held. In the Student Center 
Bldg. A 
NDon-11OO pm - The Frerlch Workshop i5 
designed mainly for students who ate 'Mitlf19 
papers or other cJass assignments in French. 
Students not \Wrldng on specific papers, but 
who would like to perfect their writing ability 
in Frenctl. are also welcome. The workshop 
will offer a unique opportunity for students 
to edit their own papers. and see/< 
constructive crittdsm from their peers. It will 
also prOllide clarification o f grammar, 
mechanics. and sentence and paragraph 
structure. Pre-writing dsQJSSions. when 

-



Classified advertising space Is sold In 
100 character Increments. Each letter, 
punctuatton mark and space between 
words Is considered a character, with 
capital letters counting as two 
charaders. The rate is $1.00 per 100 
charaqers tor students and $3.00 per 
100 characters for non-students. You 
must come by the office or moll In your 
ad, as we require payment in advance 
of publication. Deadlines: 5 pm 
Tuesday 'or Thursday's paper; 5 pm 
Friday 'or Monday's paper. For more 
information, call 452-3466 . The 
Guardian, UCSD, 8-016, La Jolla, CA 
92093. .. 

HOUSING 

Female Rmmate wanted own room. S220/ma. 
Kearny Mesa area Carpool avail Coli 569-4993 6-10 
pm. ( 2/27) 
Fem for 3bed/2ba house in Clalremont Own rm. 
Paol/jOC $198/ma 1st. lastplus5108 depby3/1. 292-
8403. (3/1) 
Roommate needed to occupy vacant room In UnlV 
City house We are three qUiet mUSICians looking tor 
male or female. 205 a month plus ulilities Call 453-
0597 ask tar Rich. Tim. ar Mark c: (2/27) 
Female roommate(s) wanted to share mstr bdrm. 
$225/ma plus 1/3 u ar 2 to shore ar own room. 
$365/ma plus 1/3 u WoodlandsNarth Call 457-3082 
eves. (3/1) 

I Mar Female roommate needed. Own room. 
pool JacuZZI. tetnfic roommates. 10 min. from school. 
we're really great. you'II love us. female only please 
Mary or Julie 755-8728 Avail. now (2/27) 
$215 own rm prIVate entrance, nr UCSD. qUiet. 
considerate. senous. female veggle preferred. 450-
9863 Lindo. (2/27) 
Attention Muir commuters. There IS hoUSing 
available tar spring quarter c all HOUSing Office 452-
4200 (2/27) 
Huge MstrBdrm for two In U Pool Jacuz TenniS 5200 
each or S400 tor Single. Call Jeff/Judy. 457-5194 
(2/27) 
Living space avbl In MUir Apt. far fern. full-tIme MUir 
stu. Top floar. ocean VIf1W. Coli 455-9958 (3/1) 
Roommate(s) needed to till large master bedroom 
In luxurIOUS condo 1 mile from UCSD beginning early 
March or Il1Id-Morch - pool JOCUZZI. sauna. 
laundry. 225 If shOring 452-7662 (3/5) 
Poc Bch-F-share 2br hse. close to och. no smoke. 
tncd yd. deck. micro. 5300 plus uti plus aep. Avail 
3/16270-7582 (2/27) 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 

Would-be Warren RAs Apply row tor '84-85. For Info 
call 452-4581. (3/1) 
So you want to be a l\J1ulr HA? Apps are row 
available. Deadline is 3/2 Call 452-4200 tor info 

UCSD Badmltton Team has match Tuesday. 2/28. In 
Triton Gym at 7 pm. (2/27) 
When mind and body are one. there's no place far 
death. Whete then can a tlgEll's c laws entet ar a 
sVJOrd pietce? Sho ohn Kung-Fu Club. Tues. and 
Thurs" 7 pm. W. Balcony. main gym. New members 
welcome. (2/27) 
PIZZA Party for HPM 10K Run volunteets. Be at the Pub 
on Wed. 7 pm. Info. 455-9812 or 452-8330. (2/27) 
Why JUst tan when you can. Jacuzzi and ski too? Not 
to mention partyl March 24-31 5295 x4038 UCSO 
RiSe (2/27) 
Why go to Mazetlan When you can get a tan. skI. 
and soclOlize in Sun Valley. Tickets are QOIng fastl 
(2/27) 
Cor repair tune-ups. brake Jobs and mast other 
repairs at ioINest p-ices. Mobile SetVlce availablel 
299-8266. (3/1) 
Don't miss "Habakkuk--. the award-winning multi-
media presentation. March 1.2.3 Tickets at Box 
O ffice. (2/27) 
Dragon s Lair IS herel Test your skill at the Quarter 
Flosh. Bloke Hall. Revelle Plaza (2/27) 
Ski Sun Volley - where you can amk the water. Only 
5295. Includes everything (2/27) 
Are you RA matenal? Revelle College IS row hiring 
ReSident Advisors for 1984-85. Pick up referral at 
Student Emplayment (2/27) 
Commuter breakfast Feb. 291h at 7:30 am In 
Commuter Lounge $1 tar all-you-can-eat-chow 
meet ReC & RPB (2/27) 
Dark Star presents "A Boy and HIs Dog" on Feb 29 at 
TLH 104 at 8 pm T,xs are 52 at the B Office. (2/27) 
Why pay 5295 to go to a Mexican Beach When you 
lIVe In La Jolla? Ski Sun Valley With the Ski Club! (2/27) 

LOST & FOUND 
Last - Woman's gold Bulova watch. Wed around 
4 30. If found. please return Sentimental value 453-
7707 (2/27) 
Found' A backpack In USB 3020A on 2/14 call 755-
3721 to ID ask for KeVin. (2/27) 
LOST nng In UCSD 'heatre on 2/10 at play Tooth at 
Crime. Very Importantl Please coli 277-2367 (2/27) 
Lost In USB 214 Maroon Bockpack w/2 dolphins 
embroidered on It. Very important contentsl Call Jim 
at 453-8897 (3/5) 
Found Female's neckloce In locker room. Please 
claim by wntlng to PO Box 22817. San DI8QO. CA 
92122 WIth descnptlon and your telephone number 
(3/5) 

PERSONALS 

Pregnant? (.hoose alfernatlVos to abortion Son 
Diego Pr<>Ufe League Hotline 583-5433.941-1515 
(2/27) 
Momma dlmwltted. orange skies. carnavals and 
cotton candy and you - and I lave you too. you 
knOllV I dO' Economic determinists refute "money 
can t buy me love" film at eleven - my place. 
Sincerely. The Chair (2/27) 
Kerry T. Glad to hove you as my little brother so let's 
party w / Delta Sigma PhI! Brutal. (2/27) 
To thOse who reside at 1/1622. you are Incredibly neat I 
(2/27) 

Habakkuk Habakkuk Habakkuk Habakkuk 
Habal<kuk Habakkuk Habakkuk Habakkuk will be 
here March 1.2.3!1I (2/27) 
Ski C lub leap day party and meetlngl Feb 29 In the 
Rec Gym conference rooml Find out about Sun Val. 
(2/27) 
Brother B. A call or visit would be nICe. You're a traitorl 
We wont quality time. Lave SBS & as. (2/27) 
Rebecca Lee. Fire of my soul. wanno shock up with 
me In a mexican i star special? All the coronas and 
fish tocos you demand - your WIsh Is my command 
- because woman. you be bodl Gaa-gooh-geee. 
(2/27) 
Ames students. Capture the chance to meet area 
emplayers. Mechanical Eng. Club meeting at Pub. 
Wed 7 pm. Coli 455-9812 or 452-8330. (2/27) 
Don·t be a hasty Chaldeon! See habakkuk March 
1.2. and 3 (2/27) 
SaraJillLon. the only party that matters will be a night 
we won't remember. Happy bday Mehsso&Davell 
(2/27) 
We know where the beef is - whete the decadent 
party animals live Best wknd 9Vetl Slick said 80ff ate 
the bagels Next ~Isode soon to come? (2/27) 
Free beer for Ski Club membas & ski enthuslosts Feb 
29 In the Rae conference room. Storts at 8 pm. 
(2/27) 
MIl-Mil sounds super. Snow. sun. and sensatIOnally 
stupendous skIIng In Sun Valley. I'll be there Rosema. 
(2/'27) 
Matt. Don't let college get In the way of your 
educatIOn. MOM (2/27) 
R Tom. Ale you being exclusive? Or do I stili get MY 
turn? (2/27) 
Ski Sunvalleyl $295 covers transpa.. lodging. 11ft 
tickets. refreshments. picnic. dance and funl (2/27) 
Will someone please teli me how to pronounce 
HABAKKUKI?I (2/27) 
The People's Revolutionary AViatIOn Collectivo 
(formerly UCSD Soaring Club) needs volunteers. You 
Will report to Comade Alan. 556-7405 tor training. 
(2/27) 
Find lave at UCSD's Mandell Weiss Center In February 
With "Love's Labou(s Lost'· (2/27) 

SERVICES 

WORD PROCESSING. Speedy service. Pickup & 
delivery on campus. Call Andy at 279-8056. (3/15) 
TYPing. word procesSing. c assette transcription. 
Quality work at reasonable rates. La Jolla. Sonar. 
459-5818 (2/27) 
UNWANTW HAIR REMOVED PERf'vW-IENTL Y near 
campus. La Jolla ProfessIOnal Center. 8950 Villa La 
Jolla Dr. Suite 116O-C Call for appt 457-4039 (6/7) 
Term papers - theses - drssertatlons. Low rates. fast 
saMce. Pr<>Type. 454-6860. La Jolla (6/7) 
Typlngl Ward Processing! Rush jObsl Term papers. 
theses. resumes, transcriptIOn. jennifer 274-5005 
(6/7) 
TYping 24-hour. quality results for $1.25/pg. Coli 
Revae to arrange piCkup and delIVery 453-~7 
(3/8) 
Typing - Term popets - theses - resumes. PB area 
Carole. 483-9109 days/evenings. (3/1) 
TYPING - $1 per page discount Kinko's Copies La 
Jolla Village Square. 232-979 7. (3/15) 
TYPING. Fast/ Accurate/Reasonobie/Dissertatlons/ 
Term Papers/Theses/Resumes/Edltmg/Rush 
Job5/265-7537. (2/27) 
Excepllanal typing. all kinds. Supet IBMill. Fast. 
p-eclse. spelling 5 min. away. Marlann 450-1138. 
(3/15) 

TYPIN0: tBM RUSH JOBS term papers theses 
dissertations editing 453-0656 (eve) 452-5188. (6/7) 
TYPiNG/\M)RD PROC. - Thesef/DIss,lPapers -
Exper. all format - Reasonable Rates - No. County 
726-3087. (3/15) 
High QUality. fost. accurate typing at special rate tor 
students. Some day selVice. Call Fery 452-1393. 
(2/27) 
High QUatlty. tost & accurate typing with IBM III at 
special rate for students. Some dol S81Vk:e. 16 yrs. 
expo Call Fery 452-1393 anytime. (3/8) 
Traffic Cloues Court approved Sot. Sun. eves. UTC. 
Mission Volley. Tooey Pines 1nn. Reg. 565-1767 
(2/27) 
Pratessionol typing as low os sa cents a page. Call 
John. 298-2138. 2621 University Ave. (North Park) 
(2/27) 

FOR SALE 
Skis-Kastle 2OO's w/marker bindings GS or sialom 
used once evenings 729-1433 (2/27) 
Ford Pinto 1980 excellent conditIOn Only 33.000 
miles New battery and tires 52650. Call Joel. 296-
7437. (2/27) 
69 MGB roli bar. INfre nms call tor full Info. Mer 6 pm 
729-1433 (2/27) 
G Uitar & Amp - 1964 Gibson SG 5300 AcOUstiC 165 
w/ hardWood cabrnet lists 51350 sell S450 John 488-
5669 (3/1) 
Nokamlshl 480 tope deck paid 5520 asking 5320. 
abo. Pioneer receiver paid 5185 asking S95 0b0 
Speakers call fa details paid 5320 asking 5185 Call 
Bnan 755-3721 (3/1) 
Casual modern couch APt sIZe. Great Condition. 
Cream fabric. wood trim. 175. Pot 452-3144/563-
1295 (2/27) 
For Sale. TennIS rocquet. brand n&N. unstrung 
Grofalloy graphite. 4' 2 L grip. Best offet. Call 436-D243 
ottet 500 pm (2/27) 

WANTED 
RECEPTIONIST - On campus office Port-lime 
afternoon hours. Cali 452-2521 ar ext. 2521 (am 
only). (3/1) 
OVERSEAS .oSS ... Summer. yr. round. Europe. S Amer • 
Australia. Asia All fields. 5900-2000 ma. Sightseeing 
Free info. Write UC. PO ax 52-CA19 Corano Del Mar. 
CA 92625 (3/8) 

TRAVEL 

<..-cunci! trovel/CI~E prOVides InformatIOn on studei'll 
charters. rallposses. Inn student Ids. hostel cords. 
tours tar ages 18-35. work and study programs. and 
much mare. Stop by the Student CentE!( or call 452-
0630. (6/7) 
Utah Ski Trip (Brianhead) March 23-26 (UCs!) Spring 
Break) 5134 Includes transportation. complimentary 
bar and occomodatlOn In condos. For reservatlans 
contoct Kaye 268-8843x370. (3/15) 

r-·SOFT CONTACT LENSES -.. 
I 
I '89 Daily Wear Soft '1 59 Extended Wear Soft I Complete Complete 
: reg. S169 & up (°2 - T lensesl reg. S300 & up (Bausch & lDmbl 
I Complete Includes: Eye Exam. Fitting, Follow-up Visits. Care-Kit 
I "we're not the lowest. tell us who lsi otrer good wtth coupon through 3/15, 1984. 

I------------------------~~------~----~~~--
I Dr. Steven Grossman Optometry 481-2277 
I 243 No. H'wy. 101 {The Boardwalk, OPEN 
I Suite 8. Solana Beach Monday-Friday. 11-6 ~---------------------------------~ 

SENIOR NURSE 
STUDENTS 

Adventure ... Challenge ... 
Professionalism! 

An exciting job with 
opportunities for world-wide 
travel, career development , 
profes ional growth, excellent 
benefits. BSN graduates or 
senior student· are eligible. If 
you're goi ng to be someone, 
pecial. .. Be a Navy Nurse! For 

more information call 293-
6746,8 am - 4 pm, Monday -
Wednesday. 

IIPM)LEY AlLEN 
Auto IIody & ,.lntIng 

Collision Specialist 
Other ..mea Include: 

ePinstriping 
e Protective Side Moldings 
e Rust Repairs 
e Vinyl Tops Reptaced or ~d 
eAutoGIess 
e Fenders Flared 
e Insurance Wen Welcome 

711 IIcDnd Inct 
IncInItII, CA 91014 
(619) 43.6111 


