
- The Sag~ Continues -

''''e at th 
ate seco e U"Nersl 
In the :S-c/ass C/t/ZeZ 
Jolla"s. " of the La 

-Marie ~.~~_--: _ BorOClitsky 



ALL-CAMPUS SURF MEET 
This is the event for all you ho-dad 

grimmies. There will be lots of 
shoofn the rubes and hanging reno 
Yes, it's UCSO's 6th Annual All-
Campus Surf Meet and it will be held 
on Saturday, October 27 . You don't 
find too many other universities 
hosting surfing contests. But you 
don'r find too many universities 
with waves like we have just down 
the hill at Black's Beach . This event 
has grown over the years into a top 
notch event. Judges, tunes , prizes 
and lots of spectators makes for great 
fun . 

We have three divisions: Men's, 
Women's and a kneeboard division. 
The meet is run with the help of the 
UCSO Surf Team a id they go out 
and get some really nice prizes. 
Trophies also go to the top finishers 
in each division . The event is usually 
followed by a little party to announce 
the winners. The entry fee is $5 .00 
and is to be paid at the Canyonview 
Administrative Building. It should be 
a great time so come on out and have 
some gnarly fun . 

FOOTBALL NOTES 
The highest onng team In 1M' . Bud Poll fila Foocball 

Ratinp (as 0110/ .,) Berman's Boys, Men's 'M', With 116 
points In three games . ... blggest win 
margm in 1M's: andy and the 
Baggers. They have scored 84 POtntS 
and given up 0 In two games I guess 
we knowwh),the name ... blggame 
coming up tht s week. Men 's 'MA' -
York Hunt Club , 3-0 v . Butt ute,3-
D on Fnday at 5 00 on MUir lIeld 
Men's 'M' - Coffee AchIevers , 3-0 ,·s 
Double-O-Seven, 2-0 on aturda), at 
\0:00 on Warren field . Men's 'A' -
Revenge of anta Claus , 3-0 vs. 
Crazy Ono and WIse Men, 3-0 on 

M .... ·s MA 
I PWP (3~) 

(3~) 
(3~) 
(l-l) 
(2-1) (I- I) 
(I-I) ( I-l ) 

unday at 10:00, MUIr field Coed 'A' 
- EPH 3-0 vs. Oh , K Team l , 3-0 on 
aturday at 400 on Mutr held 

...... Playoffs begin In three weeks. 
That's ovember 3rd Top half (J 
each league makes the playoffs, so 
get your squads read}" .. . Mos( c/I'\'c: 
team names: MunCie ur~ly Co, 
Wish for a Bone Offense, Avant 
Guards , Gidget goes to Zimbabwe . 
Longest tanding tradlllon. Chocolate 
City (10 year) , Eldo's Orchid 
Pumpinis (7 years), Pakalolo (8 
years), Swamp (6 years), Delaware 
Destroyers (6 years), Jonathan Axe 
(7 years), HOI Fudge (5 years). The 
Budman will appear. 

2 York Hum Club 
3 Bun Slate 
4 TKE 

~ Ludts 
6 Chocolate Cuy 
7 Htad 81(" Off<r> 
8 Spill H.r Lo kt A T roul 

Mm'sM 
t l.twd Stxual Con .. " ( l~) 
2 Inquuy ( )..O) 
3 Si('s (3~) 
4 Sandy And T~ Baggt.. ( l~) 

~ Coff .. "" .... "".. ()..O) 
6 Munm Supply Co (3~) 
7 W'<ckong C,<w \3~) 
8 Dou'k-O-St".n (l-O) 
9 Pakalolo lO~) 

10 Suddtn Otath Syndrom. ( t~) 
Mrn', A 

I No ExCU' 0.0) 
2 R<vtng. or Son", Chus \3~) 
, Ottp Thrtal (3~) 
, I Got ... Pby Guard (3~) 
5 5· 10 And Und.. (3~) 
6 Up Th. End Z_ (3~) 
7 Aquacraft.... ( l~) 
8 Cruy 00<0 And WlS< \1.n(3~) 
9 Umouchabl.. l l~l 

10 Stm Dorm Dud.. (l~) 
CotdM 

t 50ft Touch ll~' 
2 Bad Kn.ts (2~) 
) HOC)( Monsl., And urry (3-<» 
1 Tht E..... (l~) 
• TtamBozo ( l·l ) 
6 Founh And Inch.. (t -I) 

CotdA 
t Otsptrados ( l~) 
2 WISh For A Bon. Offtn", (3~) 
) All Hands (3~) 
4 MD . 28 (l~) 

~ Charg... ( l~) 
6 Slttpy Slttsu<:Iu ( )..O) 
7 EPH (3~) 
8 GoNads (l-t) 
9 Cabnllo I (l-O) 

10 OK K T.am (3-<» 

OU ••• 
A IS 0 YOU! 

THIS INTRAMURAL BUD PAGE IS FOR YOU! 
VOLLEYBALL 

This past weekend th~ gyms 
turned Into olympic volleyball outh. 
I thou~ht I was at the Long Beach 

rena watching the USA play Brazil 
Bo)" could these guys and gals play 

The tournament was men's and 
women's two-person volleyball , 
derived from hea h volle)-baU. The 
players played so well It looked as 
though they had Just walked off of 
the beach As a maner of fact most of 
them had The day before , m t of 
them had played In a sand volleyball 
tourney aU day long They must be In 
great shape because the Indoor 
tournament taned at 9 am and 
finished at 9 pm That's 12 hours. 
Whew l What a marathon . 

The winners of the men's 
diVISion . or should I say survtvors, 
were ott Criswell and Mike 
Haggerty They spOiled the chances 
of John Henderson and Terty 

nyder breaking the legendary Hal 
Jacob's record of four straight 
champIOnships Terty andJohn had 
won three tralght and looked like a 
shOO-in to Win It But the young 
upstans, n well and Haggeny, 
vowed to stan theIr own streak And 
that the)' did, defeating Henderson 
and nyder9-ll, 11-8 and 11-5 wah 
the la t pOint ending In total 
exhaustion at 9 pm 

The winner of the women's 
diVISion had no easier road to the 
championship. Lisa Albnght and 
Elena Pasquale defeated Linda 
Fralber and Lisa Hudson In a 
marathon Fralber and Hudson 
came through the loser's bracket and 
defeated Albnght and Pasquale 4-11 , 
11 -6 and 11-9 to force a one-game 
playoff. Albright and Pasquale won 
15-7 to win the title. 

It was a long day but It wa fun and 
there was a lot of exercIse. Look for 
the Midnight Volleyball ClaSSIC on 

ovember 3 for aU of you volleyball 
enthUSIasts 

ALL-CAMPUS INTRAMURAL TENNIS TOURNAMENT 

This weekend the intramural 
department is hosting it's Annual 
UCSO All-Campus Men 's and 
Women ' s Tennis Singles 
T oumament. This is one of the 
biggest events of the year as we 
usually get over 100 participants. 
Both the Men's and Women's 
divisions offer three different levels 
of play: 'A' for the open or advanced 
player, 'B' for the intennediate player 

and 'C' division for the beginning 
player. Sign-ups are being taken all 
week long at the Canyonview 
Administrative Building. The entry 
fee is only one can of tennis balls 
(Wilson or Penn). 

So come on out and play some 
tennis and meet your future parmer. 
It should be lots of fun plus you get a 
good workout, to boot. 

FLOOR HOCKEY 
Although It'S only the third week of 

the floor hockey season, the AM 
league has become a twO team race. 
Number I ranked AndyCapI 
crushed Capcain Dick 7 -4 on 
Monday 10 stay undefeated . Number 
2 ranked Blitzkrieg had a slow stan, 
but came back to beat Revenge-O , 7-
3, to also rrmain undefeated. The 
(on e) highly regarded Captain 
Dick team IS a dismal 0-3 , leaVIng 
F1yina Tiaen a chance to move Into 
2nd place with an upset Win against 
And)Capc next week. 

In M acnon, the ski club's RiIe-y 
Business team remains 2-0, though 
they've been untested . Some new 
teams have entered thr M scene , 
however. A Class Acl U(mlsnomer) 
is also 2-0, as IS Cinderella Story. 
One other contender could be 
U. R. Roored (1-0). 

Finally, the A league IS coming 
around well , with Team Canada still 
the sandbag champs. Their are some 

other teams who can play the gdme 
however. namely Blidy's Bripde t2-
0). Wild Turkey (2-1)). and Floor 
Wax tl-O) 
AM. 
I . AndyCapt 2-0 
2. Blitzkneg 2-0 
3. Revenge-O I-I 
-+ FI)'lng Tigers I-I 
5. Goal Buster v-I 
6. Captain Dick 0-3 

AA 
I . Rlsc-y BUSiness 2-0 
2. A Class Act 11 2-0 
3 Fned Tigers 1-0 
4. Cinderella 510ry 2-0 
5. U R. Aoored 1-0 

A 
I . Team Canada 1-0 
2. Baldy's Brigade 2-0 
3 \'hld Turkey 2-0 
4 Floor Wax 1-0 
5. Puck lOpS Here 1-0 

Glass Of'82! 

BUD LIGHT 
Flag Football 

Player of the Week 
Our Bud light Rag Football Player 

of the Week IS Karla 'Wheels' Drozd 
of the Chargers Coed 'A' team. If you 

ha~e you ever watched this gal play 
on Thursday nights you would know 
why she's called 'Wheels' . This week 
Karla SWIveled and swayed her way 
to 5 touchdowns running. She's not 
only speedy, but she's got a cannon . 
She threw for two touchdowns 
Karla's not new to football . She 
knocked heads m ninth grade for 
Orange on the school football team 
The Muir sophomore quit becaus 
she kept embarrassmg the guys WIth 
her bener talent I guess times 
haven't changed. She's still a nnger 

The Michelob Classic Stein. 
It speaks for itself. Especially when 
filled with the smooth and mellow 
taste of Michelob. 

Now you can own a pair of these 
elegantly crafted 16 oz. glass steins. 
All yours for $8.95 a pair. 

Simply send your name and 
address to: 

Krane Manufacturing Co. 
2222 North Second Street 
St. Louis, MO 631·H 

Indicate how many pairs of steins 
you want and enclose a check or 
Money Order payable to Krane Manufacturing Co. 
And pie allow 4 weeks for d livery. 

The Michelob Classi Stell1. 
Never ha5 so much clac;s gon into a glac;5 

Some chlllBS spea1(for themselves • 



2 ThUl~,/,,) , Otl III, 1984 

.) .. . ... -.~ ~ 

If Proposition 41 pa!I5CS in the 
November election , among the losers 
might be teaching hospitals , their 
patients, and medical education 
programs, accordmg 10 a Umversity of 
California analysis. 

The so-called welfare reform initiative 
would result in severe cuts to Medi-Cal 
assistance programs, pOSSibly leaving the 
state with difficult options such as 
limiting eligibility for health care 
assistance and reducing the number of 
services available, the UC study says. 

The University manages five medical 
ce nters In the state , and they are already 
facing a fiscal crisis because of prior 
Medi-Cal reductions and inadequate 
rates of reimbursement for government 
and county health programs. The 
passage of Proposition 41 , UC analysts 
say, would exacerbate the problem. 

"The comprehensive high-quality care 
that has tmditionaUy been provided in 
the University teaching hospital setting," 
the study states, "would be greatly 
affected inasmuch as the capacity of the 
hospitals to absorb the costs. of 
uncovered services IS severely hmited." 

The University will present its 
findings to the Board of Regents at the 
October 18-19 meeting In Los Angeles. 

To make up for expected revenue 
losses in Medi-Cal if PropOSition 41 
passes, the state faces severely limited 
options, according to the UC repon, 
and two of them threaten patient access 
10 se rvices. 

The first would be 10 reduce the 
number of people eligible to receive 
Medi-Cal aid. A likely target, the study 
notes, are the "medically needy," an 
estimated 245,000 linked to the aged, 
blind, disabled or dependent categories. 

"Elimi nation of the 'medically needy' 
pool would have significant financial 
effects on UC hospitals ," the study says. 
"At UC Irvine Medical Center, 40% of 
its Medi-Cal patient revenues comes 
from persons classified as 'medically 
needy. '" That translated 10 almost $10 
million in revenue last yea r. 

The state could make these patients 
the counties' responsibility as 
"indigents ," but then financial pressures 
on the counties to take care of them 
would greatly increase. Several boards of 
supervisors are opposing the initiative 
for thi s reason , the UC report says. 

A second option to accommodate the 
cuts would be to reduce servICes 
proVided under Medl-Cal, such as 
optometry and dental services, 
prescription drugs, prosthetic deVices 
and medical transportation. 

The possibil llY of a potential limit In 
thl! number of days of hospitalization 
allowed per patient In a given year 
"would raise serious fiscal and ethical 
questions for UC hospllals (which) 
receive large numbers of patients with 
complex I and thus lengthy] illnesses," 

the analy is states. 
• I 

o 
Excessively crowded lecture halls 

have forced UC Irvine administrators to 
rent a local movie theater during the 
afternoons in order to accommodate 
some of the larger classes. 

I['\~ne Assistant Vice-Chancellor 
William Parker said the movie theater is 
far from the ideal lecture hall. He Cited a 
lack of writi ng space and blackboards as 
well as the location and lack of parking 
as problems. 

The theater holds 380 people, but it 
has nm solved the space problem. 
Students who arrive late often find 
themselves in the aisles, but not rolling 
in laughter. 

According 10 a report in the New 
University, nm aU comments concerning 
the slluation are negative . "At least iI's 
air conditioned: junior Hilaire Brosio 
said. "And the seats are probably the 
most comfortable in all of UCl." 

"I think they should put something 
on the marquee about it ," sophomore 
Mike Donnaubauer said. "The professors 
would get top billing, but I'd be satisfied 
with a supporting role." 

o 
UC Davis celebrated its first TGIF of 

the year recently, featuring free hot 
dogs, soft drinks and live music from a 
Davis-based rock band. 

The Davis TG, which IS modeled after 
UCSD's own, has been incorporated 
into Davis Homecoming Week. Other 
TGIFs will be held once during each 
quarter. 

Last year, the ASUCD Executive 
Council considered the possibility of 
serving beer at the TGIFs, but TG 
Commmee chairman Pedro Ramos said 
no alcohol wiU be served at any of them. 

"We talked 10 the administration and 
we decided not 10 have alcohol ," Ramos 
said, amibutlng legal factors to the 
decision. "Besides, I don't think we can 
afl ord it." 

o 
Update on Diabetes, a multi-faceted 

educauon program on diabetes 
management, will be prl'sented in 
November by the Diabetes Clinic at 
UCSD Medical Center. 

The two-meeting class will be offered 
from 7 to 9 pm, November 7 and 14, in 
the ursing Education classroom in the 
North Annex at UCSD Medical Center. 

Designed for both the diabetic and 
those Interested In learning more about 
the disease , the program will provide an 
overview of diabetes, home glucose 
mOnllOrIng, nutrition and pod iatry, 
accordi ng to Christine Biby, clinic 
coordi natOr. 

Fee lor the class is $15 through pre-
reglstranon and $20 at the door. For 
information call 29+-3968. 

~---------~----------~ 
-. 
_ rr::r 
-I- .1 

-. 

lin 1.1 .-~ I~~~ .1 .. ~-.. II F If' I. ., ... iii'" ~ 
"" 

I'C' . 
IT , 

rr 
-

I; 

Cover: The proposal for the BJackhorse Fanns complex 
is far from a dead issue even after its rejection by the San 
Diego City· Council. Find out more about the plan and 
what people on both sides of the fence have to say about 
it in the cover story, page 7, 

News: The story on the alternative media's threatened lawsuit 
against the Associated Students, plus a look at Psych. Services' 
program for helping out students with eating disorders, and how 
UCSD is assisting local teachers. 

Opinions: A look at how the students of UCSD and the school's 
future are being considered by the powers that be throughout the 
Blackhorse Fanns issue, plus a commentary on the upcoming 
eJection, leners and Doonesbury. 

Perspecti~: A semi-fonnal invitation to a tea of sons, plus a 
"writer's i" on weather, weather you care or not. 

Sports: The Third Annual UCSD Fencing Tournament, volleyball 
Vegas-style, a focus on UCSD runner-superieur Chris Bowlus, plus 
UCSD's men's soccer team muscles its way to a victory. 

Hiatus: Bill Murray up close and personal, a preview of the season 
opening of Three's Company, and reviews of recently released 
movies Country and Phar Lap. Features include "Eatbeat," a 
restaurant column premiering this issue with a look at Sluggo's, 
plus "Anist Insight," Bob's books and "Goings On," 

COVER PHOTOS BY RICH PECJAK 
ARTIST'S RENDITION OF BLACk HORSE FARMS PROJECT COURTESY OF 

SICKELS/ O'BRIEN 

o 
Day and prugrasift treatment 

programs for chronic pain have been 
added to the treatment plans available 
through the UCSD Medical Center Pain 
Treatment Program. 

These new programs will augment the 
in-patient intensive program, which will 
be modified to a seven-day plan instead 
of a weekday schedule. The progressive 
treatment program will he the only one 
of its type in the county, according to 
Dr. Edwin Kremer, program director. 

The in-patient program is designed 
for physlcaUy debilitated patients who 
are unable to undergo out-patient 
treatment, Kremer said. Other factors 
which would recommend in-patient 
rreatment are depression secondaty 10 
pain and complications in medication 
management, including detoxification 
[rom narcotic analgeSics. In addition, if 
a patient has a histOry of other medical 
problems other than the chronic pain, 
or has stress In his home environment, 
he or she would be a candidate for the 
In-patiem program, Kremer said. 

o 
The Health Policy Project in the 

.... -

Department of Community and Family 
Medicine, at the School of Medicine, 
has openings for a limited number of 
undergraduate volunteers. 

The project, which is primarily 
concerned with developing scientific 
methods for health policy analysis, is 
currently involved with a wide array of 
heailh care delivety issues such as care 
of the elderly, satisfaction with medical 
care, health in developing countries, 
economic analysis of health care 
delivery, defensive medicine, health 
manpower, quality of medical care, 
health outcome and quality of life 
measurement, epidemiologic analyses of 
influenza control, and computer 
simulation of economic, organizational, 
social, pathophYSiologic and therapeutic 
processes. 

Upper- and lower-division students 
from aU majors are welcome. Volunteers 
work four to six hours per week over 
three quarters to develop background for 
their own academic credit projects. Brief 
application forms are available in Room 
\02 of the Community Medicine Facility 
(northeast of Club Med) from 2 to 4 pm 
dady. 

- Sean Wagstaff 

EDII'OA: PHIJ> UUlER . 
MA..~ EDITOAa J/INIl~" 
HEWS ~ PHL _11t'''''~~~~ 
CON'IMUnMG NEWI .... 
OPINIONS EDITOAc JOE =:::::!: JIOA15~ 8f1'-~ 
AATS E'DI'FOAI NODI ttm.ER 
GRAPHIC AAnml t)HN AGN«JN. JOtItI AStUE. MJW,. lOlA flONM 
PHOTOGMPHW: JOtf'I ~LE£. EDWAAD I5I\rIiIL ~ ~. NO( 5Of1l'f 
STAFF WTERS: LNG OERNAAD. E1HAH fi(1\Sf. JO~ F<J8Ef\G, RONA HlI. I\OO£I\T LEON(. KiLL£'( MIA. 

MIO-IAEL PAAT()). YEN TAYlOl\ 
.. .. ................. ... .......... ' .. _.'- _........ .. . ......... _ ..... ' .............. ' .. .......... _... . .......... _ ..... . 

'""" .. ""WIIIMCo,...~bm_n'otrnar'uS(111Ipaanc:t~burosames no PASl[ -UP AAnSTS: JOHN ASKlE. IClWf ODT, AIU. fN'M.U. StWI.OH NGOI. IWIA R«:ER 
lYP£5ETI'EM: JOE ODIOO\IO. KEN RM. WI tWIIH. !ltV l...aI\ 1:WE.1HOMIU 
IUSNSS MANAGPS: OM AoUl HPO. DLWOND. Pl1IR HCRtWf 

Our ore gn"IOD~5OUIheoIr 
•
id ...... 0Mae II ~ 9-12 GrId 1·5 , •• 11Cb;I. 

b¥ moll far 51' ,., omdIIo i lit quanwr. 

.. ' 

Thursduy, Oct. 18, 1984 3 
-v 

'$'N'~x.;.,-:«mw)b 

Alternative media threaten to sue over veto 
By ULYS McCOY 

T HE NEW INDICATOR COLLECTIVE, Sappho Speaks, and La Voz Fronteriza, 
three members of the nine alternative 
media at UCSD announced on 
September 25 that they have retained 
lawyers III their threat to file suit against 
the UCSD ChanceUor, the UC Regents, 
and AS president Marc Boroditsky on 
charges of censorship and a breach of 
their first amendment rights . 

The media charged Boroditsky 
wrongfully vetoed their 1984-85 budget 
during finals week of last quarter when 
it was difficult to achieve a quorum (the 
2/3 majority needed to vote) [or an 
override. They also charged the 
administration did not attempt to 
override the veto. 

According to the Vice Chancellor of 
Undergraduate Affairs, Joseph Watson , 
"They threatened the suit but we have 
not seen anything in writing. or 
outlining what the basis of the suit 
might be. It is our understanding that 
the veto was consislanr with the AS 
policies and procedures; and that th ere 
was no basis [or the administration to 
take any action with respec t to 
overriding the veto by the AS: 

The veto left the alternative media 
without funding, therefore without much 
production capability during the entire 
summer and inro the fall quarter 1984. 
According to their September 25 press 
release , "news gathering, disemminallon 
of subSCriptions , mailings, circulation of 
manuscripts , maintenance of news 
~rvlces, and production supplies have 
aU been disrupted or curtailed: 

"We plan to suit because we were 

prevented from working during the 
summer by Boroditsky's arbitrary veto ," 
said Robert Swain of the new indicator 
collective. 

According to Dr. Peter Irons , a 
professor of Political Science at UCSD, a 
veto is not sufficient grounds for a suit 
if it was done in accordance with both 
United SlllteS and AS Constitutions and 
Bylaws. 

Boroditsky vetoed the alternative 
media budget after the budget passed 
13-3 by the AS Council on June 6 at the 
last council meeting of the 83-84 year. It 
was vetoed within the aUoted six 
academic days after the Council's 
decision . This is given by Section V part 
M, 2 and 3 of the AS Bylaws. 

The AS Bylaws state that the Council , 

when attempting to override a velO, 
must do so Within twO regular Council 
meetings of the veto. Un September 26, 
the first Council meeting of the 84-85 
school year was held. A motion to 
override the veto failed by one vote . 
Although the Council attempted to 
achieve quorum over the summer to 
discuss the matter of the veto, they were 
unsuccessful. 

Following a two day session of the 
Media Board on June 2 and 3, when 
each publicatiOns needs were analyzed 
line-item by item , the Media Board 
approved the budget. It included all of 
the alternative media except for the 
California Review, which had neglected 
to send a budgetary representative to 
the hearings. 

Atkinsoll and AS Presidenl Marc Borodil shy are both threatened with 
a lawsuit by the alternative media. 

The Media Board functions to 
maintain anu !egulate recognized 
student media at UCSD. 

During the June 6 meeting, when the 
Media Board 's recommended budget 
was passed, several non-student 
community members supporting the 
alternative media complained about the 
fact that the publications received 
$4,000 less than they did last year. They 
also demanded additional time to 
express thei r views. 

According to the minutes of that June 
6 meeting, -A recess was called in hopes 
of avoiding a physical conflict." 

In a letter to Randy Woodard , the AS 
Advisor, dated June 12, Boroditsky wrote 
that the Council was continually 
"heckled and ridiculed" during debate 
about the issue. There were also 
physica! threats made by some of the 15 
non-university community members. 

The alternative media and their 
lawyer, Rob De Koven, believe that 
Boroditsky had poli tical reasons for 
ve toing the budget. 'The tenor of his 
memo (to Woodard) suggested the veto 
arose because of political issues." De 
Koven said. 

The sentence to whic h De Koven 
refe rred sta tes, -In light of this issue and 
In league with se \'eral other complex 
issues penaming to the alternative 
media, I vetoed the total AS alternative 
media budget." 

De Koven sa id that he fo und the 
remark "other complex issues pertaining 
to the alternative media" ambiguous and 
an indication of a personal dislike for 

> CONTINUED ON PAGE 8 ) 

NEED $MONEY$ FOR YOUR 
STUDENT ORGANIZATION·??? 

Now is the time to apply for annual 
funding for your Organization. 

Budgetary request forms can be picked up 
in the Student Organizations Office. 

Hearing dates and times will be posted 
October IS. 

THIS IS YOUR ONLY CHANCE TO APPLY!!! 
THERE ARE NO EXCEPTIONS MADE. 

REQUESTS ARE DlJE 
OCTOBER 18 - 4:30 

ONE WEEK FROM TODAY 

For information,see Marietta in the Student Organizations Office x4083. 

YOU MUST BE REGISTERED AS A STUDENT 
ORGANIZATION BEFORE APPLYING FOR FUNDlNG. 



Let's have a little Blackhorse sense 
What did the City Council do over your summer vacation? It decided 

that UCSD would never have a college town of its own. It decided that 
those communities that distinguish Berkeley, Harvard, Oxford and 
Cambridge, that complete the life of almost every college student in 
Europe and the Americas, would not distinguish UCSD and would not 
complete our lives. The City Council condemned the Blackhorse Farms 
proposal. saving the pride and comfort of those in La Jolla Farms, who 
would prefer to have no one near them who reeks of having less than a 
million dollars , and ending the hope of students, faculty and staff here 
of having bookstores, cafes and any other civilizing amenities within 
walking distance. 

How did the few people in LaJoila Farms assure that 15,000 people 
of the UCSD community would be limited to the half-dozen or so 
institutionalized cafeterias and our famously overpriced bookstore for 
our entertainment and sustenance? How did a few people in a very 
pretty position manage to keep us in such an ugly one? They collected a 
little over a thousand Signatures, which in the City council's minds 
weighed heavily against the thousands of people at UCSD, the tens of 
thousands who spend four years of their lives here, often more, in abject 
isolation. They presented their case during the summer, when there 
were no students and few faculty here to present the other side. They 
had the good fortune to have their case come up after the City Council 
had received great public embarrassment from approving a development 
many, many times larger than Blackhorse Farms, one which violated the 
managed growth rules of the city. One Councilman voted for this 
enormous development because it would have a Christian university in 
it, spreading morality throughout the communi£) o The University of 
California at San Diego can do nothing like that. We are a secular 
university and so can only bring scholarship, research, libraries, 
laboratories, orchestras, plays, aquariums, employment and graduates 
superbly qualified in their fields to this community. Science, culture and 
learning are all we can manage; morality is beyond us to provide, and 
therefore we are of no use to San Diego. 

And although the faculty, staff, administration and students 
overwhelmingly suppOrt Blackhorse Farms, although most of us need it, 
who don't have off-campus access, there are a few within UCSD who 
helped the La Jolla Farms people deny it to us. Paul Saltman is one. You 
will like him. 1 like him. He is charming, enthusiastic and never a dull 
conversationalist He lives near where Blackhorse Farms would be built. 
He wants to live in a small and very privileged community, and wants 
all of the students to whom he is so charming to walk to La Jolla Village 
Square and to hike to University Towne Centre. (We apologize to those 

of you in wheelchairs; you will just have to stay home.) 
Has Professor Salt man ever been to these two places? If he has, he 

will know that they consist of chain bookshops, department stores, 
boutiques, gift shops and either trendy and expensive restaurants or 
fast-food counters. That is what we will get out of our pilgrimage, that 
and the company of a few thousand weekend shoppers who have 
driven in from all over the city. This is the college town that Paul 
Saltman, who has already found a comfortable little community of his 
own, wishes us to have. 

Have you noticed the high-tech companies whose branches and 
headquarters are springing up all around UCSD? Do you remember that 
one company that refused to settle here because it had no faith in our 
University funding? These firms surround the University because there 
is a University to surround, a source of research and researchers, a pool 
of employment. The City Council is very pleased that these companies 
are here, and it is pleased that the Governor will reach into California's 
budget to keep our University going. But when are they going to give 
something in return? When are they going to give something for the 
University that has done so much for them? Here they have an 
opportunity to be generous, to make way for that community that the 
people of UCSD (who remembers that universities are people, not just 
inventions and discoveries) so desperately need, and have needed fo:-
the past quarter of a century. As glass-walled office buildings climb up 
around UCSD, multi-storied condominiums and air-conditioned 
shopping malls for the upwardly mobile, we have one chance to assert 
our identity, to give ourselves a civilized, human, academic 
environment. And it will not cost the City Council a cent. It will cost them 
nothing but the love of some of those very rich, very comfonable people 
in La joUa Fanns, who have cars (nice- ones) to rake them anyWt1!re 
they wish to go in the city, who do not care that Blackhorse Farms, on 
University land, will be the only community that all of UCSO, cyclists, 
pedestrians and people in wheelchairs can have access to. 

But the Blackhorse Farms proposal is returning, in a forcibly altered 
form, of course. You still have a chance to inform the City Council that 
the Universe extends beyond La Jolla Farms, that infallibility extends 
beyond Paul Saltman, and that the necessities of 15,000 people, denied 
for 25 years, come before the sensibilities of hardly a few hundred. Sign 
a petition, and when we have ten times the number that a small group 
of La Jollans presented to the Council before, which is easily within our 
reach, the Council will have something to think about. What it did over 
the summer we cannot allow it to do this fall. Our present, and UCSO's 
future, depend on it. - JRP 

ll~ilit<e1f~n~ilit~1f~n~ilit<e1f~ll<eilit~1f~ll®\t\t~1f~ll®rctt®1f~n®ilit<e1f~llce\t\tce1f~llceilitcelf~nce\t\tcerr~llcettitcelf~nce 
\t~1f~lettersllceilit®1f~ll~till®Ir~ll®\tfr®lr~ll®\tfr®Ir~ll®frfr<elr~ll®\t\tceIr~ll<efr\t®rr~llceilitce1f~llceilitcerr~llceilitce 
Ir~ll®fdt®Ir~ll®llitceIr~ll®tl®1f~ll®llit®Ir~ll®~fr®Ir~n®\tfr®Ir~ll®\t\t®1f~n®\t\t<eIr~llce\t\tceIr~llceilitcert'~llcettitcerr 

ll®ilit®Ir~ll®fdt®Ir~n®fdt®Ir~ll®frfr®Ir~ ll®frfr®1i~ll®\tfr®Ir~ll®tl~1i~n®\tfr®Ir£)n®\t\t®Irn<efr\t<eIr~n<e\t\t<errn<e\t 
Overexposed smut 
Editor: 

Mark Breitenberg's article (""Double 
Exposure") on child molestation from 
last week's Guardian is a perfect example 
of over-intellectual, rampantly theore tical 
thinking under the guise of addreSSing a 
real social problem. There is not just 
"discourse" about child molestatlon; 
there are real people in the world whose 
lives have been emotionally charred by 
the real experience of sexual abuse. 
Breitenberg's theoretical fustian virtually 
ignores these actual experiences, and 
offers no real solution to the problem. 

Even more appalling is his idea that 
we are all "complicit." I know I speak for 
most healthy people when I say that sex 
with children is the farthest thing from 
my mind, especially with three-year-olds 
with ·· rosy cheeks , blond hair and blue 
eyes." I found it particularly ironic that 
Breitenberg's own article was packed 
with words containing sexual 
connotation , including: ··exposure," 
"eruption,· "slithering" and ·'vulnerable:' 
The question is what Breitenberg 
himself is "repressing" in his 
"discourse." 

Finally, the whole cavalier auitude of 
the article was capmred in the 
disgusting photographs which 
accompanied it. I really find it hard to 
believe that a reputable universil}' paper 
would print that kind of smut. I expect 
more responsible journalism from our 
paper in the future. 

Don't cry rape 
Editor: 

Name withheld 

Phil Wilson (sic) comes to us with a 
follow-up article (October 8) that tells 
everyone we know who did it . but it 
doesn 't maner because no one can do 
anything about it. The victim of t~e rape 
refuses to identify herself. Anderson of 
the UCSD P.O. says the case is closed. 

Ten pomts for the campus police. 
They came through when they were 
needed. 

Yet, here we stand , folks , looking 
point blank into a big void . Somewhere 
out there in the Sea of Credibilil}', 
someone screamed RAPE! and we 
believed them. We figure if you had sex 
without giving your consent, you got 
raped. That's what I got out of the first 

story. Then they find tne person that is 
a mighty good suspect, and you don't 
want 10 follow through. 

Tell us what we're supposed to lavish 
our feelings on now. If one is going to 
scream WOLF! and there are no wolf 
tracks in the snow, it's bullshit. 

Don't make us listen to words half-
spoken. Just shut up and go about your 
business. Please, and Thank You. 

John L. ~mirjian 
EDITOR·S NOTE: 1 hope that , in the 

third paragraph, 'You " refers to the victim, 
rather than the individual to whom the 
letter is addressed ... 
Papp responds 
Editor: 

Among the great, humility is a rare 
commodity, but Brandon Crocker 
possesses it in full . In his reply 10 my 
recent commentary on equality, he says 
that hiS 1a5t: letter to the Gua,dian was 
made nonsensical by the then Opinions 
editor (me). Take credit where credit is 
due, Mr. Crocker. Your letters need no 
help from me to sound like nonsense. 

His most recent attempt is no 
exception. Mr. Crocker d~s nOl 

acknowledge the existence of inherited 
advantage!! of certain groups, or, 
presumably, inherited disad~'antages of 
others. Is he aware that Europeans came 
to America of their own volition and 
with almost unlimited freedom and 
opportunities, and that Africans were 
brought here agamst their will and made 
to work in slavery and without 
compensation? Does he not consider 
access to education and freedom of 
movement and the ability to amass 
wealth an advantage? Europeans had 
these advantages in America for more 
than 250 years before black slaves were 
granted them. These are the advantages 
of centuries that Mr. Crocker finds it so 
difficult to understand. 

Inherited domination includes 
Europeans confining Indian nations to 
dimunhive tracts of land rejected by 
everyone else, of imposing as the 
dominant one III these countries a 
European system of settlement, trade 
and industrialism, which the Indian 
cultures must either accept or withd,raw 
from . Tbis is not a catalog of past wrongs. 

> CONTINUED ON PAGE 5 > 

Thursday, Ocl . 18, 1984 , 
C)PINI~ . 

. * 
~ "'" .>. ~ ~ " ~ 

n ceilitcerr ~n ce\t\t<err ~ II <eilit<eJ 
\tcerr~lettersn<e\t\t<err~n( 

Doonesbury ============================== BY GARRY TRUDEAU!!!!!!!!!!!!W 

< CONTINUED FROM PAGE 4 J: 
it is a deSCrIption oi the presc:nt. 

However, Mr. Crocker says that if 
Jews. Poles and Japanese have risen to 
high standards of living, why do we 
need to help blacks, Indians and other 
disadvantaged minorities (except he 
would not have used the word 
disadvantaged) do the same? Does Mr. 
Crocker realize that pervasive legal 
discrimination against blacks was with 
us in his lifetime? That the young blacks 
of today carry the inheritance of that in 
poverty, low education and low 
employment? Mr. Crocker wishes to give 
the opponunity of not receiving welfare 
and of working for less than the 
minimum wage, so they can make 
something of themselves. 

We, however, are concerned primarily 
with women. Two-thirds of those in 
poverty are women; women make 59¢ 
on the dollar 10 men . Women's voting, 
propeny and working rights, and rights 
over their own bodies, have only 
recently been established by law, and as 
the economic statistics show, not 
entirely successfully. Mr. Crocker does 
not consider women a disadvantaged 
group , and he does not consider the 
disadvantaged wonhy of help. Those 
conservatives born into recent gains of 
equal rights, cannot look beyond their 
noses to the recent history of oppression, 
and the human misery it has caused. 

Centuries of oppression and 
discrimination do not disappear 
because we make them illegal. They take 
a long time dying unless we help them 
along. Be grateful for your advantages, 
Mr. Crocker, but allow some advantages, 
such as quotas, and some equalities, 
such as comparable worth (which you 
mistook for something else in your 
letter), for others. 

Thursday, October 18th 
7-9 P.M. 

Peterson Hall 103 

Warren faculty fellows Present: 

ItIedia ~ Politics 

An Informal Seminar 
with 

Invited faculty Quests: 

Dr. H. Schiller, 
• 

, Dr. C. fenner-Lopez 
Department of Communications 

lEVER Mfllf) 7HIfT ~ MlJ/.& IptA 
15 PfI£P05TfIIW5. /UfAT IWlUY 
IIKJflI/JtSM£ IS 1HIfr I IICCtPfW, 
THAT 1M AlhiAllY fJE6lNNIN6 

7D wse ~ aJlJRAGE (YMY 
Cf)NVICTl0N5 
/ 

TNI1!e A/.50 TKYIN6 TO CamE/( A 
IiIiMI /lfllllWm5AII STWY (HAT'S 
f?XIN() THAT /JIACIS fYAU. CJA'NS 
Afl& I¥AWlTlCAU-Y WIR5e OFf A5 
A IIt5IK-T (I' /lPfiIlN PWClts 

I'M SlI'P05EP TIJ COME IJP 
WITH A 5W6IW 7HIfT M4Ir&5 

1~ POIIIT THA1/lEA61lN HAS 
11iNfJIlUJAU. THe ~ 

/IIOT a:ACK5 PE/1. ~. 

"R£A6AN: 
~'SNO 

~/ST.· 
\ 

_1'5 
THAT? 

\ 

.£ 

\ '\ 

CAN mu THINK()F 
<;CnTHI/Kj 6()(XJ 
f<!)NAJJ) IlI!A6AN HAS 
lX¥ fOI( IJIACKS? 

'\ 

/ 

r------------------------, 
I Wayfarer $1 99 : 
: Look-Alike • I 
I Looks just like the original. Sells elsewhere $4-$8 : I ,~tI:s!i~ $1.99 ! 
I fits all. a $6 value . I 
1---- With coupon , good through 10/ 22/84. ----I 

Don't pay too much for sunglasses: 
We 'lle got the lowut priCe! and best .selection {rom $1,99-$149.9.'J, 

Vuamel. Q1rerra. ~ylJan. Style Cyes. Suncloud. Habie, Bucci. Bolle. Ce~. etc ... 

--p~ 
~ 

Open 7 r»Ys and nights 

Old Town 1461 San Diego Ave. (Next to Old Town· Mexican cafe) 692-0059 
fnclnitAs 745 first SI. (Lumbe~rd Shopping Center) 942-0JJ7 
lAJ Joll. 1030 Torrey Pines Rd. (Next to Yogurt Affair) "'4-8006 

ClabanOllt Sq~ 4675 Clailf1mont Driue 272...". 



Another answer to an old man's question 
By KRISTIN KALLA 

I would like to address this anacle to 
Lauri D. Shirck, COUnty Chairperson, 
Youth for Reagan-Bush and PreSident, 
College Repubhcans at UCSD. Her 

about having a better educated society. 
Isn't he making that impossible? 

article in the October 8 issue, called 
"Students for Reagan," posed many 
conflicting Ideas. I can't help but feel 
she didn't clearly an wer the old man's 
question , "How can a young person like 
yourself be such a strong supporter of Pres-
Ident Reagan and the Republican Party?" 

The answer she gave , and the suppOrt 
to back it up , was as roundabout and 
Wishy-washy as Reagan himself. Agam 
the Issues don't playa key role in the 
presidential campaign, but instead 
popular opinion is clearly based on 
Reagan 's stage presence, pseudo-
patriotism and charismatic father image 
he loves to portray. If young people 

cnme. Sangle heads of households, 
mostly women , sec their chances to 
work eroded by elim inal10n of daycare 
centers . Young blacks and Hispanics 
account for the highest percentage of 
unemployed teenagers since Reagan has 
been an office, and 400,000 disabled 
were taken olT disability this year. Yet 
better established Amencans choose to 
ignore these problems established by 
Reaganomics, smce I[ does not penain 
to their general welfare. Reagan has 
made it economically comfortable for 
the white , male , middle/ upper class 
person, while hindering the other 80% 
of the US population . Reagan has 
obviously separated the gap between 
rich and poor tremendously. He will 
make it impossible for a middle class to 
survive in our economy, Only the rich 
will be able to be educated because of 
the lack of aid to lower class and 
minority students. Our educational and 
economic systems Will never surpass our 
competitors such as Japan. Reagan talks 

Anyone who jokes about bombing the 
Soviet Union as if he were a little boy 
playing pretend, does not deserve to be 
responSible for the well-being of our 
country. Instead of spending billions of 
dollars on nuclear anns and military 
spending, Reagan could aid humanitarian 
and practical causes such as child care 
centers, medicare, disabil.l)', social secur-
ity, environmental control organizations, 
unemployment and student funding. 

wish to "succeed " as Ms, Shirck says 
they will do under Reagan/ Bush , I 
suggest they do look at the issues. 

T oday's urban underclass is 
unemployed , underfed and besieged by 

In order for us to keep the United 
ta tes as our forefathers fought so hard 

for, it IS important that we do not re-
dect Ronald Reagan to office. Reagan 's 
conserva tive "values and fundamental 
sym pathies" are standing in the way of 
running a productive country . He does 
not wish to honor what ThoITtas 
Jefferson first called the "wall of 
se paration between church ~. ld state ." 
The religion clauses of the First 
Amendment, if Reagan could, would be 

Engineering, Math, Computer Science, Physics Grads: 

are encouraged, at Logicon. 
Your ca reer should take advantage of your education and creativity and 
allow you to look beyond the easy answer to explore and challenge your 
imagination and ability. 

Logicon is the induslry pacesetter in sys tems and software engineering, 
and as such, we ca n offer engineers, programmers, analysts, systems 
engineers and operations analysIS unparalleled career opportunity 
and c hallenges. 

Our diverse range of gove rnment contracts allows you 10 put your talents 
a t cente r slage and develop o riginal so lutions as an integral part of the en-
lire creali ve process. You ' ll work in a small team that's in direct contaci 
with management so you r efforts will be seen , recognized and rewarded. 
Visit with our representatives: 
Tuesday, October 30, 1984 

Logicon offers top working condit ions in a modern I I.story building 
which overlooks the historic San Pedro Harbor. Our scie nlific environment 

i~ enhanced with private and sem i.private offices and easy access to com. 
puter facilities. We a lso have other offices in Oh io, Utah, Colorado, 
Massachusetts, and Washington, D. '. 

We're looking forward to meeling wilh you. But if you are unable 10 
attend, plcase send a resume or leiter detailing your experience and career 
desires 10 : 
Nancy Hancock 
LOGICON 
255 W, 5th I rl'ct , Dep .. CF, P.O, Box 471, an Pedro. CA 907}J 
(21}) 831-0611 

LOGICON 

altered. It is also important to note that 
if Reagan is re..elec ted there is a good 
possibility that three Supreme Coun 
Justices may come to the end of their 
terms. This means that he has the 
opportunity to mold the system the way 
he sees fit by replacing the justices with 
conservative ones. Abonion rights, 
women's rights and other present laws 
could be altered to fit the needs of the 
upper/ upper- middle class. 

In essence, it does not look promising 
for young persons looking forward into 
the world market. We will be competing 
with higher educated people from other 
countries, and have an economically 
un stable and suffering country with its 
only positive element-defense. We will 
look at the United States with pain and 
not pride. This is what the elderly gentle-
man was trying to relay to Ms. Shirck. 

Reagan needs to get back on his horse 
and ride into the sunset to collect his resid-
uals from his B movies. The Presidency is 
not a role Mr. Reagan can port~y. 

~~. 
DESIGNS 

PERMS HAIRCUTS 

$1995 $6 95 
INCLUDES SHAMPOO & 

CONDlTIONER ONL Y 

OPEN SUNDAYS-
UNIVERSITY TOWNE CENTER 

tM-M30 

FAMOUS LAST WORDS 
FROM FRIENDS TO FRIENDS, 

"A IY' 1/1/11 OK 11/ (II 'ilv' !" 
"W/lllix a.li' II' I)f'(' /'N !" 

-/)il/ !II/II ha/,,' /INI I///Ich III I/" il/k!" 
"rIllIX'I.1i'dl!J.li ll(' : 

-,4 Il' .1/"/1 ill II/I II .,/'" IN' 10 III·; Iv'r" 
-1" '1' 1/('I 'I'I'.Ii'III,,'III'I:" 

"/Ih illk .1/1/11:/ '1' /Illd a./i'lI' /1/(/11/(/1/ 1/." 
" ),/11 kiddi", I ('(III ci"il'l' 
"'illt "'!I I'!I"" t'!oSI11: 

- ) ;/11'1'1' ha" 1,/(I////II ·It III "I'i/lk, 
/r'1 III(' dl 'i"I'" 

",\'"IHIII.I/,I,·i('(, .• //'!I ('(I/, Ill/I /I/(': 

DRINKIIIG AND DRIVIC 
CAN KI.L A FRIENDSHIR 

"' ._-...... , ...... '" I r~~=' 
----~-

r 

T"II~, Ocl. 18, 1984 7 
Ne~ 

.. ~. ~ {... . . ~.' , .:-: 

Cover story 

Blackhorse Fanns back in saddle 
By PHIL WILLON. Nt'WS Editor 

U C BERKELEY has Telegraph Avenue, UCLA has Westwood , Stanford has the Red Bam area, 
Harvard has Harvard quare, and San 
Diego State has College Avenue. Most 
major unive rsIties have an off-campus 
outlet, a place where students, staff and 
faculry can relax and mingl~ . This 
mtegral pan of university life has 
escaped the UCSD campus. 

The Blackhorse Farms project, which 
would be located on the 22 ac res of 
University land across the street from 
the Muir dorms, was designed to 
include a shopping center with 
restaurants, a pub, a bank, a bookstore 
and a co ffee shop. This commercia l 
complex would be within easy walking 
distance of the campus and would 
prOVide the UCSD community with 
services that are unavailable within any 
reasonable proximity. 

"It has been obvious for 20 years that 
UCSD has not enjoyed facilities that are 
enjoyed by every good university," said 
noted L'I Jolla figure D.G. Wills, who 
would like to move his coffee 
shop/ bookstore next to campus. "Thc 

nlverslty is 10 a vacuum up there." 
Wills' suppOrt of movmg shops closer 

to campus accompames the sentiments 
of the University's administration, the 
Academic Senate, the Staff Association 
and the AS government. 

new proposal is now in the works. 
Associated Students President Marc 

Borodltsky said studem interest were 
ignored by the Council, and added that 
he will begm a campaign for student 
upport of the project staning next 

Monday. 
During last month's CounCil meeting, 

Borod ltsky tried to represent the UCSD 
students, and fo und himself being 
booed and laughed at by a chamber full 
of La Jolla residents. 

"The community has done nothing 
for us," Borodilsky said last week. "The 
community has never felt the Impact 
that our student body can have ." 

The AS President is currently 
organizing a poll to see if UCSD 
students feel they have adequate 
commercial faci lities available to them , 
The poll will then be followed by a 
petition requesting that the commercial 
center fmd a place in the Fanns 
complex. 

Developers Sickels/ O'Brien have 
conlirmed that their new design of the 
Farms project mcludes the conference 
center and housing but not the 
commercial center, "due to the excessive 
hammering" they have received from 
community groups. They must get a 
plan approved by the Cou ncil before 
their option to bt:i!d expires in 
September 1986. 

"You and the (City) Council have done precious little to 
offset the greediness and selfishness which have for the 
last 20 years marked the development of this area, You 
have simply forgotten our students and their needs, " 

BUI the La Jolla community and the 
San Diego City Council have prevented 
construction of the project. The enme 
Blackhorse Farms project, which 
includes research and development 
(R&D) and conference faCilities along 
with the commercial center and 
reSidential housing, has met with strong 
opposition from La Jolla residents ever 
since its conception three years ago. 

Consequently, the San Diego City 
Council rejected the Blackhorse plan. 
Although the complex would be on . 
University-owned propeny, the Councll 
felt it strayed too far from the La Jolla 
residential housing plan that has the 
area zoned for low-density housing. A 

The only hope for a commercial 
cemer, according to developer John 
O'Brien, depends on the ability of Ihe 
UCSD student body and the 
Administration to persuade the City 
Planning Commission and City Council 
to rei nstate it. 

"You're up against some wealthy 
people who don 't want to see a change," 
said O'Brien about the affluent La Jollans 
opposing the project. "They aren't 
concerned about student needs." 

Local homeowner groups said they 
will only agree on the Blackhorse 
development if it is limited to 
residemial housing which, they said, 
could include faculty and studem 

f l " 
\ \ 

EAII 
DISORDERS 

CAN BE FATAL 
C~N BE TREA TED 

~~j 
~ 

The Eating Disorders Program at " 
Alvarado Parkway Institute is the \ 
oldest and most experienced I 
program for the treatment,of, /' 
Anorexia Nervosa and Bulimia J 
in s~n Diego County. ~J ~ 
• Specialized In" ~ . 

Hospital Unit 1 ... ~ 
• Evening Treatment Program -
• Individual Nutritional 

Counseling 
• Family Intervention Assistance 

~ALVARADO PARKWAY INSTITUTE (1111 485-4411 
7050 Parkway Drive, La Mesa, Calif, 92041 

housing. La Jolla T 0wn CounCil 
President Ken King said that whtle he IS 
personally in favor of a commercial 
facili ty, his council opposes anythang 
but the hOUSing because of the traffiC 
and nOIse thaI would be generated in 
the shops and conference center. If the 
shops were built, North Torrey Pines 
Road would be expanded to six lanes , 
eillninating all student parking, he said . 

But according to Steve Berg, who is 
on the San Diego Planning Commission, 
engineers have said the traffic problem 
was mitigated . He added thaI parkll1£ 
on North Torrey Pines Road Will be 
eltminated whether or not Blackhorse is 
developed due to the plan for a bike 
lane 111 that area. 

UCSD will receive over $1 million a 
year whether or not Sickels/ O' Brien 
bUIlds, due to the lease of the University 
property to the developers . Both the 
Administration and AS President 
Boroditsky have said they will suppOrt 
whatever is finally butlt there . 

On the other side of the issue, San 
Diego City Councilman Bill Mitchell 
doesn't believe anything should be bUi lt 
there . "I don't rhll1k (UCSD) needs thiS 
center. They want It , and there's a big 
difference between needl11g and 
wanting," said Mitchell. ' We an get 
along without the thing; the University. 
is not going to dry up and blow away If 
they don't have it." 

Mitchell went on to say that students' 
commercial needs are currently bel11g 
met by the nearby La Jolla Village 
Square. 

"Does it serve the needs of a woman 
at night walking from Third College to 
get some milk?" asked Boroditsky, 
questioning the aut henticity of the . 
Councilman's comments and remmdll1g 
us of the recent rape on campus. 

"The stud ents and fac ulty need a 
store, a pub and restaurants, not 
deSigner clothing: sa id D.G. Wills, who 
claims that the square was not designed 
for students but for young professionals. 
"it's ·filled with inordinately expensive 
boutiaues." 

Sickels/ O'Brien will bring up its new 
Farms proposal to the San Diego City 
Planning Committee In the middle of 
November, at which time Boroditsky 
plans to have his student petitions 
ready. 

* * * The follOWing is a dia'y of comments 
made by UCSD and community leaders on 

Tioga Hall seen from Blachhorsc Farms. 

the;" opinions of both the Blachhorse Farms 
project and the manner In which H has 
been handlcd: 
Roger Revelle, UCSD professor, in his 
letter to the Mayor: 

"In many respects, (lICSD) is already 
a great university, but there is one .. . 
seriOUS deficiency: the lack of a Splrlt of 
collegiality and whole-hearted loyalty to 
the University as a whole , In contrast to 
its small component pans. To attain 
these , we must pay as much attention to 
the well being of our students as we to 
their educational progress ,,,. I urge you 
to thl nk of the needs of the students." 
Paul Saltman, UCSD professor and La 
Jolla Farms resident: 

"The Student Center, with almost 
100,000 square feet, will soon be bUllt 
on campus to expand (the number 01) 
present shops acceSSible to students. A 
new faculty club wtll soon be 
cons tructed. 

"Two fine malls now serve the area 
(U niverSity Towne Center and LaJolla 
Village' Square), and students are 
provided with free bus passes to these 
malls. 

"Rents proposed for the condos are 
out of sight and reach for most students 
and facu lty." 
Richard Atkinson, UCSD Chancellor: 

"There are 25 ,000 faculty , students 
and staff at UCSD. The vast majority 
support the project and Judge that it will 
strengthen the academic excellence of 
UCSD and enhance the quality of life 
on campus." 
Roy HalVey Pierce, UCSD professor, In 
a letter to the Mayor: 

"You and the Council have done 
precious liule to offset the greediness 
and selfishness which have for the last 
20 years marked the development of 
this area . You have simply forgotten our 
students and their needs." ~ 



8 Thursday, Oct , 18, 198'1 
NEt>JS 

. "". " ... '. .;.;. ... «.... '.;'-' ...... 

Tickets at Campus Box Office 

tHlEE'S COMIAHY AND 1MI'ftB1I5 
in Concert 
Mandeville Auditorium 
Friday, October 19th 8:00pm 
Saturday,. October 20th 2:00pm 8 :00pm 

niB'S COMIAHY AND D'NCaI 
San Diego's Foremost ' .' 
ContemporitY Dance Ensemble: 
Four Exciting New Choreographies 

Evening PerlorrTl<'lnCe5 
510.50 General 

57.50 UCSD Students, Faculty, 
Staff, Seniors i!Ild oMIl1t.Yy 

Matl~ periormanc£ 
59.00 General, $6.50 Discount 

Rescvatlon Information and 
Charge·by~ call 296-9523 

R£SeI'Jed seating 

PREMIIATlON FOR: 

o MAT • LSAT. ORE 

In ........ ....,.. ____ I. 

IN 1%0, THE PILL GAVE 
WOMEN A NEW FREEOOM. 
IN 1984, THE SlDNGE GIVES 
WOMEN A NEW CHOICE. 

Its been a long rimeTwemy-fOur years. 
and there hasn't been a sensible new option 
in birth conrro\. 

Until Today.'" Today, the 2+hour 
Contmceptive Sponge. 
Today is a soft, comfortable sponge that contains 

Nonoxynol-9, the snrne effective spermicide women 
have been using for over 20 years . 

The Sponge is easy to usc. You just moisten it thoroughly with 
water and insert it like a tnmpon, nnd it works for a full 24 hours. 

With The Sponge, you don't have to worry nbout hormonal side effects. 
And no orhcr non-prescription vnginal contraceptive has been proven more 
effective;' It's been through sewn year~ of extensive testing, and over 17 million 
Sponges have been :;()Id . 

Of cour~, you don't need a prescriptio n tor The Sponge. It can be found 
at your locnl drug store and at selected supermarkets. In the 3-pack or convenient 
12-pack. 

And the Today Sponge is the only contraceptive thnt comes with someone 
to talk to: our 2+hour Today T.1Ikline. If you have any questions, or you're just 
wondering if The Sponge is right for you, visit your tudent health center or give 
us a call at 800-223-2329. (In California , 800-222-2329.1 

Finally, you have the spontaneity you want nnd the protection you need. But, 
best of all, you hnvc another choice you never hnd before. 

Until Today. 

~-----------------------SAVE SLOO 
ON lWO lrPACKS OR ONE 12·PACK. 

10 Coo,.., LIIIIII "'10 coupon I"" "'"chase Good only on PlOOOClS deSlOOllleo Cor.sumel paYS 
s.JIes la. 10 _ We WIll ,.."I>Mse IOU lhe lace 'ilLIe 01 IhlS COIJIIl)Il plus 8 cenLS 
"""IIIQ """'*" 111;11 "'" ond lhe COIISLJmeI h ... CtII1\IlIleO ,"IIh lhe Itlm, 01 OUI couPOn Ollel 
liltS coupon IS IILIOLf only -"en Ledeemed by IOU hom a consumel ailime ol llUlcnaSino 
lhe SIItC~red 1111"":1 Any OIhoI us< consllluies haud Re<lemOtlons 1101 nollOleo 
lIItOLJQl1 _s 01 OIlIer OUISlOe avtfI(:ltS InvOIces SIIOwIllll IOUI 
""'CIIaS< 01 SlIIIICIttII SIOClI 10 ~ all COlJOOIIS ""'SIDe shown uPOn 
IOQUeSl _ d ..- UJed 01 leSlIlC1eo 'lit! coopoo IS 00fl 
II .. 51t1_ ""'''Sf\lIIOII!O IIO'HfC)IOOUClbie Cash 'ilue 1/20th 011 
cent Ot!ef _ only WI USA _ by m .. lrno 10 VlI CoIPOI.IIOll 
PO 80.4194 CIonIon 1000.527301 

5lo3bb 1.001.40 
"' ttl', L ' f'lil" V \1/"'-; L _____________________ _ 

·Clllll1 .. ,,' h.· .... ' h.n( \.on...iu\,.{,,· .. t ,h,1I \\OO\,,"n ,,".m "'J"'! .111 ,mnu,u \ IkdlH'lh .... r,u,' "I ,,~) 41 IIlhn u"4." h,· kl\ l,.\ ""I\l!t' .iIf1 ...... ~.'nth 
md .1\ \1 ~h l llll-! h . L.h,·1 m,rf U"u, In'" C 1\) .... .; \ I Il .. 1ft' r. .... 1.1\ ,11,.11 he .... r'I \Il).!~ ,nl rr 'lll·m.lr~ ,Ii \"1 I l • or l' 

Lawsuit 
< CONTINUED FROM PAGE 3 < 
the three alternative medias. 

Ac ording to I3orodnsky, "Media not 
being fu nded . media bemg underfunded 
and the misconcepnon that If the 
California Rel'iew did nOt show up they 
could nOt get funding, were the other 
complex issues ." 

Of the eight reasons Cited by 
Borodltsky in a letter to the alternanve 
media , four of them included the 
following: lim regard was nOt gIven to all 
the media budgets; some publications 
could not exist under the amount that 
they were alloted; some of the individual 
budget items should have been 
reconsidered , and Council members 
were beginning to question the fairness 
of the budget at that June 6 meeting. 

The three altemative publications 
further claim that the Media Board's 
"limitations" of twelve pages per issue, 
6,000 copies per issue, 15 issues per 
year and a required 525 wonh of 
advertiSing in each issue, are a form of 
censorship and infringes on their right 
of freedom of the press. 

These "limitations" are described as 
funding guidelines. They are the 
amounts of copies, issues, pages, etc. 
that the AS determined they can afford. 

"They can print as much as they 
want, if they can find the money," said 
Michael Goodheim, AS Conuoller. 

The Commissioner of 
Communications and Media Board 
Chainnan. Ken Chariffe, said that they 
had to set up some guidelines "so that 
the Board could accwately and fairly 
appropriate the funds to each of the 
altemative medias." 

According to the Media Board 
Charter, Aniele 11, Section B, the board 
is required "to proVide student media 
with access to available facilities and 
funds." 

At 537,HO the budget had exceeded 
available funds by $498.87 said 
Goodheim. 

The three publications also expressed 
discontent with the new clause entided, 
"Membership," on the student 
registration form. This membership 
clause apparendy violates the 
organizations' constitutional rights of 
representation and privacy by requiring 
them to file with the university a list of 
non-stUdent members. 

The regulations state that non-
students will be aDowed to participate 
but cannot hold office, vote, have access 
to budget information, use university 
owned equipment for personal benefit 
or gain, or represent the organization. 

Although the new indicator believes 
that the AS is tl)'ing to control 
alternative media through 
implementation of these regulations, 
Boroditsky says that the lists are used to 
compile room, file, and key access lists. 
"In essence, we're protectill$ the 
organization: said Boroditsky. 

Boroditsky does not want to see 
opportunities Cor students being taken 
by non-students who do not pay the 
activity fees which are used to fund 
organ izarions. 

'The activity fees are paid by students 
in order to provide students with 
activities, programs, and services," said 
Boroditsky. 

The three alternative media 
publications hope to gain the support of 
the American Civil Liberties Union 
(ACLU) in their threat to sue. Their 
lawyer. Rob De Koven , sits on the legal 
panel for the local chapter and said that 
the ACLU expressed interest in the 
case. Tom Holman, the chairman of the 
legal panel , said that "no decision by 
the ACLU has been made. We wanted 
to investigate further." 

The alternative medias are currently 
reorganizing with a recently passed 
budget of 5)7.615, although thiS amount 
is down from last year's budget of 
approximately $40,000. The medias are 
reconciled to having some budget 
allrned to them. 

"The ImmcdlJcy 01 the case has gon 
down now th ilt they hdve recclved 
fundmg," 5<lld De Koven IlJ 

UCSD educating teachers 
By SUE SINClAIR 

D URING A RIGOROU S five -week program this past summer, 100 of San Diego's city and county 
high school teachers gathered at UCSD 
to upgrade their educational abilities. 

Fifty of these educators were English 
and social science teachers while the 
others were from the natural and life 
sC ie nces. The participants were carefully 
selected by their sc hools' 
administrations to attend the first UCSD 
Humanities and Science Ins titutes. 

The main goal was to increase 
teachers' knowledge and expertise , in 
addition to bridging the wide gap 
between high schools and universities. 

"It has historically been this way," 
says Dr. Melvin Green, a UCSD biology 
professor and directOr of the Science 
Institute . "The chasm between the 
universil)' and secondal)' schools is lik~ 
the Grand Canyon ." 

The program seeks to close this gap 
by strengthening communication 
between the two levels of education. 
High school teachers shoukl 
increasingly feel that the University and 
its professors are more approachable. 

Funding from the National 
Endowment for the Humanities will 
allow the program to continue through 
the next two years . This strong financial 
support provided each teacher with a 
51,000 stipend, daily leclI~res and 
seminars in Iiterarure and philosophy. 

Intensive analysis and discussion 
were devoted to authors like Sir Thomas 
Moore, William Shakespean;, Sigmund 

Freud , Plato and John Stuan Mill. Long 
hours were spent doing in depth libral)' 
researc h and completing o ral and 
written projects. 

"The nouon is that we want to have a 
professional class of high school 
teac hers," said Ronald Berman, a UCSD 
literature professor and director of the 
Humanities Institute . 

Combined efforts from Robert Pippin 
and Avrum Stroll (philosophy), 
Johnathon Saville (drama), Steve Cox 
(writing) and Ronald Berman produced 
some very eXCiting c hallenges for the 
educators. All nve professors are 
concerned about high school students' 
inadequacies in vital areas such as 
reading, writing and analysis. 

The intention of the Institute is to 
encourage the reading and 
interpretation of critical thought to 
better prepare students for university-
level work. Berman stresses the 
importance of keeping oneself currently 
informed. 

"It's folly to think that a person can 
work for ten years without some means 
of keeping his professionalism intact ," 
he said. 

After the Institute, teachers can return 
to their high schools to share their new 
knowledge and method with their 
colleagues. The teachers were stimulated 
with new curriculum ideas to 
immediately apply in the classroom. 

G.?~.8 on~ta~y ~ll 2.! _ 
> CONTINUED ON 'PAGE 10 > 

• I " 

John Labatt took over a brewery in and began to make Canadian beer his 
way. It was the beginning of Canada's Beer. 

Discover Canada's best 
kept secret. The perfectly 
balanced taste between 
robust European lagers 

,.. and lighter American 
beers. 

The perfect beer. 
Labatt's ... born of a dual heritage 
combining the hearty characteristics 
of European brewing tradition and 
the mellow taste of finer American 
beers. A perfect 
taste ... less 
heavy than the 

J 

Thursday, Dcl. 18, 198'1 9 

Hedgecock sued 
San Diego 'Mayor Roger Hedgecock and five of his associates were hit with a $1.2 

million civil lawsuit by the State Fair Political Practices Commission last Monday, 
charging them with more than 400 violations of campaign and financial disclosure 
requirements. 

"The lawsuit won't stick. It will fold like a house of cards: Hedgecock said to 
reporters. He added that it was anothet; anemptat the "rehash of old charges, a phony 
lawsuit that won't stick." 

The charges are similar to the 15 felony counts of pe Iju I)' and conspiracy alleging 
that he received campaign funds that were tied to David 'Jerry" Dominelli. 

The Mayor is named in 45 of 50 causes of action in the suit by the Political Practices 
Commission, and if found guilty, he could pay up to $970,000 in fines . His mayoral 
election against Dick Carlson is on November 6 . 

The suit accuses Hedgecock of "laundering" campaign contributions through car 
dealer Roque de la Fuente, Jr. , for the 1983 mayoral campaign. Hedgecock was at 
UCSD two weeks ago for Women's Voter Registration Week. 

.; of 

Europeans, with more character than the 
Americans. And more purely drinkable 

than either. Laban's. The taste that 
\ has won over 100 . 
gold medals in <:"';~ 
international 
competitions. The 
fresh, crisp taste . 
of the number 
one beer in all of 
Canada. Labatt's. 
Canada's Beer. The perfect beer is here. 

LMPOIITfD BYl AeAn IMPQI!lfRS. INC AMHfRSI M w 



THE JOURNEY 
An impressive technolog ical Journey began over 
three decades ago at Hughes Aircraft Company . 
Today with more than 90 dl verse technologies 
ranging from sub·micron electronics to large scale 
systems )'OU II find Hughes people forging new 
discoveries, new futures . 
Become part of the Hughes tradition of 
lechnological firsts Our more than 92 differenl 
lechnologies involve expertise in : 
Electrical , Mechanical. Manufacturing 
or Industrial Engineering, Computer 
Science. Physics. Electronics Technology. 
Requirements may vary . Check wilh your 
placemenl office aboul Hughes' company.wide 
opportunities at anyone of 12 Soulhern California 
locahons and Tucson Arizona 

HAS BEGUN 
Or conlacl Hughes Co rporate College Relations, 
Dept. NC. Bldg. C21B 178. P.O. Box 1042. EI 
Segundo, CA 90245. Equal Opporlunity 
Employer Proof of U.S. Citizenship Required 

Hughes representatives will be on campus 
November 5 

,See your placement office for an appointmen!.1 

HUGHES 

ON CAMPUS 
SOL 

Brothers. 

: •••••••••••••••• 1---

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• • 
• 
• 
• • 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• • 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

OKAY, YOU'RE COOL. 
BUT HAVE YOU GOT SOL? 

: You do now, and cheap-on Iy $4.00 for your Sol Brothers T-Shirt, muscle shirt, 
: tank lop or tank lop wilh lace trim (generally lor ladies). Your Sol will also cost you 
• another $1.00 or 10% of your total order, whichever is greater, for postage and • 
: handling. (But don't worry, with your new Sol Imported Beer shirt, you'll get a lot : 
• of handling.) • 
: The Sol Brothers' are red and yellow (with black shades), and the shirts come in : 
• any color as long as it's white. Sizes are S-M·L-XL Send the coupon and your check • 
: or money order to "Sol Brothers Offer," P.O. Box 29139, Portland, OR 97229-0139. : 
• Offer expires January 31, 1985. Allow four weeks for delivery. (The Sol Train • 
· ) . : moves easy. : 
: T-SHIRT (OTY & SIZE) S_ M_ L_ XL_ TANK TOP S_ M_ L_ XL_ : 
: MUSCLE SHIRT S_ M_ L _ XL_ LADIES TANK TOP S_ M_ L_ XL_ : 
: SHIP TO : 
: ~~ : 
• • : : 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• 69 •• • 0 198 __ ,umal"""",., Inc 
• • ••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

Teachers 
( CONTINUED FROM PAGE 9=z 
the complex literary exploration were 
classes for the science teache rs in 
cellular and molecular biology. The 
Science Institute was originally formed 
by UCSD Chancellor Richard Atkinson 
and the superintendent of the San 
Diego Unified School District Tom 
Payzant. Both programs were operated 
through UCSD Extension OITtee and 
received strong support from Mac)' 
Walshok, dean of ExtenSion, and 
Yvonne Hancher, the program 
coordinator. 

'The county and city sc hools 
responded With extreme cooperation 
and support. We are very pleased With 
the results ," said Hanc her. 

Subject mailer for the science 
program was carefully selected and 
structured by Professor Melvin Green. 
He saw five areas as the important 
currents in science today: genes and 
evolution; genetic engmeerig; cell 
biology and cancer; immunology and 
related diseases; and virology. Green's 
methodology was simply that biology 
should never be separated from the 
standpoint of health. 

"These are hot areas developing very 
rapidly with the science of biology," 
Green said. 

It is very difficult for high school 
science teachers to keep up with their 
constantly changing field . However, in 
order to attract studems to the SCiences, 
it is Important to expose them to the 
most recent topics that will remain 
important in the future. 

"When articles appear in the papers 
about genetic engineering, AIDS, or 
cancer, it would be helpful for people to 
have some understanding of the 
fundamental science involved ," Green 
added . 

Don Freeman , a science teacher at 
Sweetwater High School, agrees. "I 
completed the program with a far better 
understanding of the most recent 
biological developments. I really enjoyed 
the lecture by Francis Crick about his 
studies on the brain. II was quite 
stimulating. " 

With the exception of Nobel Prize-
winner Sir Francis Crick and other 
guest speakers, most lectures were 
conducted by members of UCSO's 
biology department. Among these were 
Professors Oxman, Mendelson, Lucas, 
Subramani and Doolittle. 

A unique characteristic of both 
institutes, that distinguishes them from 
similar programs across the nation was 
the extensive assignments required of 
the teachers on a weekly basis. The 
science teachers, for example, 
completed lengthy lesson plans every 
week in the form of a demonstration , a 
lab or a lecture based on the current 
subject. These valuable lesson plans, 
now being compiled, will be distributed 
as complete manuals to the science 
participants for reference and classroom 
application purposes. 

The Humanities Institute will be 
ex tended for tWO years and plans to 
reac h every high school in San Diego 
county during that time. The science 
program, however. is still III the process 
of applying for further fund ing. The 
success and value of these programs was 
obVIOusly seen by the gre.Jt dedication 
and enthusiasm exerted by the 
professors and high school teachers 
ahke. 

"I have been here lor over 20 yea rs , 
and this program was undoubtedly the 
most rewarding experIence of my 
career," concluded Professor Green . 

"II also represents a great , 
accomplishment for UCSO, being the 
first institution to make this important 
step IOward breaking down the barriers 
between high schools and universities. 

Follow-up lectures are scheduled 
throughout the 1984-85 academic year 
for both the humanities and sc ience 
teachers. The ftrst humanities 
presentation Will be delivered by Clarke 
Kerr, former preSident of the Universi{y 
of Caltfornia . on Friday. November 2, 
1984. Kerr's lecture , entitled "Who Killed 
General Education?" will be free and 
ope n to the public. EjJ 

RED 
stops 
bulimia 
By LORI MOORE 

W HETHER IT BE bulimia or anorexia, the Recovering from Eating Disorders (RED, -
therapy group is there to help. The 
program, offered by the Psychological 
Services Depanment, is directed toward 
the many students plagued with food 
obsession . 

"Between five and 30% of the college 
students have eating disorders," said 
counseling psychologist Beverly Harju. 

One of the reasons for the high 
percentage is the need to improve one's 
self-identiry. The student may have just 
left home and be desiring to project a 
new image and weight loss is commonly 
the first step. 

"Women outnumber men nine to one, 
but there are many men, panicularly 
athletic men, with eating disorders .... 
It's a universal problem," said Harju. one 
of the five therapists involved . 

The main eating disorders that REO 
deals with are bulimia and anorexia. 

"Bulimia is characterized by binging 
on one hand, followed by restitutions 
like vomiting, exercising or s£arvation: 
said Harju. "They have a voracious 
appetite-eating from tensions." 

A 25% weight loss of the original 
body weight is what attributes to 
anorexia. It is often accompanied by 
loss of menstruation, denial of hunger 
and distonion of body image. 

"Anorexics, no matter how skinny, 
always think of themselves as fat: Harju 
said . 

Eating addiction more or less follows 
a cycle which begins with incomplete 
identity and is followed by ideals and 
goals regarding weight that are too high. 
The inability to follow the goals leads to 
overeating creating temporary good 
feelings. But the good feelings fade into 
bad ones, and the dieter then restitutes. 
Restitution causes guilt and bad feelings, 
resulting in the dieting cycle's 
recurrence. 

"The stan of a diet is the stan of 
weight gain. You lose two pounds, then 
gain them back. This begins a cycle: 
said Harju. 

Food obsession, a milder lann of 
e'ating disorder, involves obsession with 
calorie in£ake and a fear of gaining 
weight. Though REO is not geared 
toward food obsession, persons with 
any weight related problems can get 
counseling by calling the Psychological 
Services Depanment. 

There are two RED programs offered 
to students: RED I, for persons with 
weight problems who want to give them 
up; and RED 2, for those who have 
recovered and want to work on 
enhancing their self-identity and values. 

"In the RED 1 we work on redUCing 
and eliminating eating disorders, 
educating for health and nutrition, and 
stress management," said HaIJu. 

Because of the burnout stage, when 
people expect too much of themselves, 
stress management is a very important 
pan of the program. 

In the RED 2 program, emphaSiS is 
put on making a better value system and 
reinforcing other values. ~ 

Presidential 
Debate 

Reagan vs. Mondale 
Sunday at 6 pm 

Coming soon to a 1V near you 

Thursday, Dcl. 18, 1984 11 

Strategies for 
Undeclared Majors 

Wednesday, October 24th 
12-1:30 pm 

Mountain View Lounge 
Third CoUege 

Still undeclared about your major? This workshop will 
give you a systematic way to investigate UCSD's 24 
majors , to learn more about your skills , interests, and 
goals, and to consider the occupational possibilities for 
the majors that best fit you. A student panel, academic 
advisors, and representatives from Career Planning & 
Placement will be there to help you deal with your case 
of "undeclareitis." 

Fro. TERADYNE 
A YetyL.rp Se.1e Ea"'''''''' ft 0_ ,. T« .... IoD u.ik, 
In electronics, tbe era of very large scale integration (VLSI) bas 

arrived, leaving many companies witb products suddenly obsolete 
and engineering staffs struggling to catcb up. 

But not Teradyne. Tbanks to 175 million spent on R & D in /98/ -
1983, Teradyne was ready and waitingfor VLS/. 

Ready witb VLSI memory testers, logic testers, analog testers, 
board testers. 

Ready in Boslon, Ma. and Woodland Hills, Calif., wbere 
Teradyne develops A TE for Ibe electronics industry. 

Ready in Deerfield, Illinois, center for Teradyne 's telepbone 
system tesling operations. 

Ready in Nasbua, New Hampsbire, wbere Teradyne produces 
backplane connection systems and state-oItbe-art circuit board 
tecbnology designed to meet VLSI requirements. 

Tbis kind of technolOf{Y leadership spells groll 'lb. /:'xcitl'melli . 
Challenge. Career opportullities 
you j l/st can't find anywhere else. 

Teradyne. A company 
ahead of ils time, 
looking for some good 
people 10 keep it ahead. 

For mQre information, see 
your Placement Counselor. 

SHARE 
IN OUR 

SUCCESS 



Tea'd 
Off! 
By JAMES RALPH PAPP 

I NsOFAR AS THIS is an anicle about etiquette, it is directed at professors (and professresses), nOl at students. 
obody expects students to have any 

manners. A breed of people, assuming 
"people" is the mor juste, that can 
interrupt and jeer at a professor 
speaking at a political rally on campus, 
which happened laSt Wednesday, and 
consider their behavior acceptable. 

This breed has such an antipathy to 
manners that an introduction would 
only result in embarrassment on both 
sides. 

Professors, on the other hand, have 
come to know through long study where 
civilization blossoms and where it 
withers. It blossoms at tea. The great 
Eastern civilizations flourished on tea , 
and the great Western civilizations 
waited to flourish until tea was imported 
(excluding the Greeks, who became 
impatient). 

Why. then . do professors avoid tea? 
That they do avoid it will be made clear 
if you invite one of them to drink some 
with you. That professor will not come. 
(l do not know my reader well enough 
to suggest that the objection is with the 
company rather than the beverage, so 
we will assume the latter.) Nor will he or 
she send apologies for not coming. 
Perhaps this is just as well, since all 
professors who do come will so 
thoroughly be unable to enjoy 
themselves that they will not even send 
a note of thanks afterward. So 
completely will they wish to forget the 
experience, that they will not even pen 
a missive of acknowledge, or if they do, 
in It goes to the depths of the 
wastebasket on second thoughts. 

Those who make a habit of reading 
between the lines have realized by now 
that I do not write from a dispassionate 
Viewpoint. Like all gre!1[ writers (even 
though I be not included in that group), 
I draw from experience for my prose. It 
is to "'D' teas that professors do not 
come (excepting one or twO who have 
had decem upbringings). It is to my 
invitations that professors do not wme 
polite notes of declination. 

Lecturers, who have not developed 
too lofty a sense of their own 
importance, come to my teas. Studems, 
who do not strees too greatly the fact of 
having received or not received an 
invitation, as long as there is food 
present, flock to my teas in great 
numbers. The chancellor I do not 
invite ,because I expect him to be 
working. I once invited a vice 
chancellor, to whom I had written a 
ballade , but the fact that I had struggled 
to produce 14 "urn" rhymes in his 
honor failed to shake his resolve to stay 
away. 

Is it I to whom they object? Do they 
look askance at my wearing of white 
bucks on the winter solstice side of 
Labor and Memorial days? Do they 
dislike cucumber sandwiches? Are 
madeleines tOO much for them? Is 
Proust not to their likmg? Perhaps they 
do not like my guest list. True, there are 
no professors on It, but that IS nOt for 
my lack of trying. 

There are many question but few 
answers . I go to their lectures; why 
should they not come to my teas? My 
teas are jollier. and I do not hog all the 
conversa tion. I provide music as well. If 
it is tOO ancient for their appreCiation , I 
shall hold my next tea simultaneously 

; Mr. James Ralph Papp 
r ............ ~· ....... ,...· _ ..... "-111"--..... ~ ............ ....- .................. -.. .................................. -l 
( requests the pleasure of ! the company of ! His/Her Highness: His/Her Grace: lDrd/lBdy /Slr I 
t , 
l at afternoon tea ) 
l from three to five o'clock , 
f on the lawn between Urey HaU and I 
f the Gymnasium, f 
f.~_",,_~ ~ ~~ .... iE . .!~e_~I!!~~ ~~n.: ___ .J 
with and contiguous to the TGIF pany, 
an energetic but unsophisticated 
celebration. At hean, professors want to 
be unsophisticated. but although the pay 
is good the atmosphere is lacking. 

Somehow we mUSl discover (or I must 
discover, for I forgl~ t that my audience is 
precisely the one that needs to be 
convened) a way to makt' this necessity 
of true clvllrzauon appealing to the 
professor. as we try to make lessons 

faSCinating to a child. Let us take my 
most recent effon in this direction a test 
case, the sort that a supreme coun could 
sink its teeth imo. 

Weather. There is some argument as 
to whether the weather orders my social 
schedule or my social schedule orders 
the weather. In any case, tea was served 
dunng the only rwo comfortable hours 
of a three-week heat wave. For those 
who did not Wish to press the issue, 

there was ice-cold lemonade as well as 
tea. 

Surroundings. 1 served tea on a work 
of an, the Brancusi table at the new 
ruins up by the Humanities Library. 
Short of having Winged Victory pass the 
strawberry and shoncake around, there 
was little more I could do. 

Guests. AT. my tea was a former leader 
of the House of Commons, a fonner 
Minister for the Ans, a former Minister 
of State for Education, a Privy 
Councillor, a Fulbright scholar, a doctor 
of philosophy, a doctor of the science of 
laws and a doctor of diviniry. Besides 
him, there were three other guests. 

Fare. Freshly baked made1eines, 
shoncake, strawberries, cream, fresh 
lemonade and the best Chinese green 
tea available to those under the rank of 
emperor. 

Entenainment. The four finest minds 
that I could assemble. 

Professors. One. He was jogging past. 
and I Slopped him. He ran fast; it was 
hard to catch him; but the social lion Is 
as assiduous in a chase as his 
counterpan in the animal kingdom. 

I despair. James has shot his boh, and 
has now descended to speaking of 
himself in the third person. Is the 
Queen holding rival teas across town? , 
Somehow I suspect that if Her Majesty 
does, she wonders why no professor 
comes to them, and probably suspect 
my teas are the cause. 

One answer sufficient is, and one 
answer only. In their perfecdy honest 
humility , my professors secretly think 
themselves unworthy to come to my 
teas. Full well they realize that their 
socks do not always match, that they 
sometimes quote Gray and call it Pope, 
or recite lines of Eliot and attribute 
them to Pound. Painfully aware are they 
that their ideas on 19th century 
li terature are not always sound, and that 
in lectures their subjects do not always 
agree in number with their verbs. They 
feel self-conscious about the low sales of 
their latest book of criticism, and about 
their table manners. And they hide all 
this behind an embarrassed facade of 
enterprising rudeness, hoping to be 
mistaken Jor undergraduates. 

I am here to encourage you, the 
professors. If you do not sit down, no 
one will notice that your socks do not 
match . If you talk loudly enough, peole 
will pay no attention to your table 
manners. and if your table manners are 
bad enough, people will not hear 
anything, however unsound, you may 
have to say. Do not quote , and you 
cannOt misquote. And it is unlikely that 
anyone even knows you have written a 
book, let alone that its performance has 
been sluggish. 

We who drink tea are not a proud 
lot, but we are sensitive. Funher 
unanswered invitations and unbegun 
notes of thanks will injure our feelings 
and our delicate sense of what duty and 
honor expect from us . Do not suspect 
our affection for you because of our 
need to catch up on our sleep some 
time, even if during your lectures. When 
next I give a tea , let all professors 
consider themselves welcome. And may 
those who accept invite me to their next 
dinner pany, so they do not have to tell 
me that they talked about me at it, and 
make me wonder why I could not have 
come and talked about myself. 

Thursdlly, Oct. 18, 1984 13 
~6c:rlta 

, «, ", ~..y '~~ 

More of the same piled higher and wanner 
By PHIL LAUDER' 
"N EW5 TIME is 7:15, and the 

temperature at Lindbergh 
Field IS 61 °-by the way, 

that's the coldest temperature recorded 
In San Diego since May 18." 

Good morning. and welcome to 
autumn in America's Finest City. 

It was that radio announcement 
yesterday morning that for the first time 
a1ened me of the fact that summer is 
gone, finished. over, and in its place is 
fall. That is, fall San Diego style. 

Weather is a fascinating thing. We all 
complain about it from time to time (or. 
in some cases, constantly), but without 
it life would not be nearly as intereSling. 
Which makes weather a good thing, I 
guess. 

I like weather. I really do. Trouble is, I 
like only one kind of weather: hot and 
dry. Three hundred and Sixty-five days 
per year of crystal-clear blue skies and 
950 temperatures is my idea of Nirvana 
on earth. I think this university should 
be relocated on the sparkling shores of 
the Salton Sea, or perhaps Quito, 
Ecuador. Quito is among the driest, 
hottest locations on the planet. Quito is 
my idea of a good time. 

San Diego's weather, as far as I'm 
concerned, is far from perfect, but it'D 
do. This past year was pretty nice, 1 
have to admit. The winter was warm 
and dry, the spring was decent, the 
summer was wanner and drier (in terms 
oC rainfaU. although it was a little . 
humid), and-thus far-the fan has 
been rather nice (even though it did get 
down to 61 0 today). It'D do. It could 
stand to be a litde hotter, but it'D do. 

If you couldn't teD already, I am a 
native San Diegan, and have never 
enjoyed the pleasure of spending days 
upon days in sub-zero weather (or even 

sub-60 weather). If it gets below 50, I go 
look for a parka. So I'm spoiled . So 
what? 

At least I think I'm spoiled. Over the 
summer I met someone with a slightly 
different outlook on this Southern 
California climate, someone from back 
East-Pennsylvania, to be exact. Her 
gripes about San Diego weather boiled 
aown to one basic question: 

"Where the heU are your seasons?!" 
she asked. 

"What are you talking about?" I asked 
right back. "Heck, we have seasons. It 
gets down into the 50s and it rains in 

o () 

o C:l 0 

6 

6 

o 
o 

o 
o 

o o 

-y-I~. v 
0 

c 

. ---..r---'y 
0 

,-f -

ON CAMPUS 
THURSDAY 

NOVEMBER 1 

Ask your Placement Office for detelll on our 
upcoming c:tImpul villt, or ... our ad In thll RIlP8r 
next ThurIcIIr, October. fOf addltlonallnforma-
tlon. LLNL il an equal opportunity employer, 
mlf/h. U.S. cltlzenlhlp II required. 

the wimer, it gets warmer and drier in 
the summer, and it's somewhere in 
between in the spring and the fall . What 
do you want from us?" 

"You call these seasons?" she cried. 
"These aren't seasons! You have one set 
of clothing out here; back home we 
have a different wardrobe for each 
season. Autumn brings the first chill to 
the air. The leaves tum color-I don't 
think there are any leaves OUt here -
and the countrySide becomes ablaze 

_ with reds and golds and browns. The 

I air is crisp and clear, and it just feels like autumn. 
0 0 0 0 

0 ;; " 
C- o 

0 

0 0 

G o 
Ci 

o . . 

~~."'-'"'( 

Jm.\J 
" .... 

~ 
'" ~ 
.2, 
~ 
.~ 
.c 

~ I 

"T hen comes winter. And you know 
when it's wimer back there. Winter is 
cold . Winter is snow-people don't 
even know what snow looks like Out 
here! Winter is ear muffs and gloves 
and shoveling off your front porch and 
snuggling up to a fireplace. Winter out 
here is a half inch of rain . 

"Spring brings the first thaw, and the 
world becomes alive again. Leaves return 
to the trees, flowers bloom. and 
spring ... well, it juSl springs up from the 
ice. Hence the name. Spring means 
nothing here. 

"And summer-say what you like, but 
when summer comes around back EaSl, 
you know about it. It's hot. Yes, it's also 
sticky, but it's summer. Summer is just 
more of the same piled higher and 
wanner in San Diego." 

Right she was. How couk! I argue 
with that kind of logic? How could 
anyone think that shoveling snow is a 
worthwhile activity? How could anyone 
see anything lovely about spending four 
times what you shouk! spend for 
clothes? What's the advantage of 
freezing one's tush off one season and 
bathing in sweat the next? And if I want 
to see leaves, I'D look at Rand McNaUy's 
TIlt Land and Ptopk of Maim travel 
guide for a closer look. 

But before 1 regaled her with my ideas 
on what weather should be, 1 saw a 
homesick tear come to her eye, and I 
left it at that. You likes what you gets 
used to, I guess. 

For me, I'D Slick with one-season San 
DiC(J>, where I can freak out when the 
radio weatherman says, "The overnight 
low was 61°-getting time to bundle 
up!" 

Indeed it is. i:I 

Navy 
Health 

Prof.,,'ons 
Scholarship 

Program 

,_""" __ 0CClIJ)Ied Dr. a _....,.., aI. an ~ 
- <1"-'a~. _ mav ~Ior the Navy 

----.-.~ ,.. a &1_,-, _ .. Navy P<J¥I' 
.yru U tUIIon. ~ _ crd-.c:ancnal 

--... cool d owquiIod IlOCIcI ana IUAlIeI (~ to_~ 
• __ Ior_~a.cII"' ii~crd 

• a """""V oc.h ---' .-:tI¥ 10 you (~ to 
_} You CQ'\ _ "* ~ "'_ pie<-. 

_ allCtIOCI. the IbIv .-not __ -. yru 
cx:c:m.mIC _ You .... ~ to. to _ ..-v -.r.g 01 
-.OI __ Navy-.... ....... ~lothe_ .. _ 
"....,.,. 01-...... .. _ 

'IIQu', ~ at>out. _.ach ..... 1n an -_ 
-"--_.'Y<U~_1 __ 
to _ -. you can ........ .-.cl a IIOfIIOn a at <1_ 

~ d _ clJIy d yru __ CiOI'iIInuIng yru 

-
Ourtng ttIII_ rMIV 1*IOC1_ .• _ U _ crd 

CIIIawcIoc. <1 an _In the NIJoo, __ you". d_ 
a _ . 1haI'I In 0d<IIIan 10 the IIICIUD """""V _ ...... 
_ -.g the _ <1 the .,..,.. 
,tc_ rMIV ,....,.. __ the chen» to _ d Navy 

_crdgaln "....,.,._ .... _~a_ 
110m the IClUIiN d IIud¥WV 

.~_"'a.......-<1thelblv_ 
~ SCI "*""'Ip I'Iagiam. 

e-.... .,..,. <1_ clJIy '" a Navy"-_ 
"" each .,..,. r:J _ohIp parI~i. You ....... 
_d __ ...... an_rMlV. 

IkN __ I In In'*'-"lp QI -.cv .- no! count_ Y<U-_ CCIIgatiOn. 
.be acx:-.a lor !I1e '*' ... MItng ex. QI ~ 

_lnan~_<1_01 
~ .. In the us. a P\MIa AIoo. 

.be a us..,.." <111ODd maul """""'*. 
• be ~ ~ lor 00/TVl1I0il0n 01 a IbIv 

aftIcer .. 
.-""""""'" MeAl..,.,.. r:J 60 01 ITIOOO .. 

~AECJQ& @)-' 
HAW RECIU1ING 0IS1RICT 
_DIEGO 
_ IIWNNG C9I1ER. IIU:G 3J/i 
_ DIEGO. CA 92133 

cal collet (6.9) 29H7~ 

Be The Doctor 
You Want To Be. In The Navy. 



By CHRISTOPHER CANOLE, Slaff W,ircf 
In Italy, fencers are as heralded as endure, to run along the blade's edge rypical Single elimination tournament 

which focuses exclusively on playing to 
the top three finishers , produced htde 
camaraderie among the participants. 
Even with high-ranking fencers, one 
coach and a US OlympiC team member 
in the competition, three UCSD fencers, 
Kevin Mills , Mark Christe and Tanya 
Thomas reached the finals . 

Lewin. There is more raw talent and 
perfectable skill in these four musketeers 
than the epee team has seen in years . 

heavyweight boxing champions are balancing themselves beIWeen talent and 
here. Shopping centers like UTC in . self will. And like banle-wom fencers of 
Paris are incomplete without a 16-strip centuries past, the survivors of the 
fenCIng salle, and it IS nor uncommon Bladerunner smiled to their foes as 
In Russia for a national fencing comrades in arms. 
tournament to auract 50,000 spectators. The format of the Third Annual 

So what does the UCSD fencing team UCSD Fencing Tournament, that of 
and Its recent Bladerunner benefit non-elimInation , rotating, round-robin 

Not to be outdone by his teammates, 
Mills crossed swords with 27 opponents 
to place second in the foil competition 
to another of Antonelli's students-
Chuck Alexander of the San Diego 
Fencers Club. 

tournament have In common more with bouts, was the creation of UCSD's 
these internationally famous fencing coach, Lynn Antonelli. She reasoned 
events? that many athletes are shonchanged 

The Bladerunner was an arena in when they travel from as far away as Los 
which fe ncers could flash their swords Angeles only to be eliminated in the first 
from the sun's first light till last, a round. 
marathon only lovers of the spon would just last week at Long Beach State , the 

Mills and Christe not only brought 
home the honors from Long Beach, they 
inspired their teammates in the 
Bladerunner. UCSD senior Roger Bishop 
took top honors in epee, followed 
closely by the balance of the UCSD efll!e 
team of Christe, Chris Dorger and DavId 

Fencing may never become a rah-rah 
spectator spon like basketball or 
volleyball, but what it may lack in splash 
it appears to make up for with class. 
Those who attended the OlympiC 
> CONTINUED ON PAGE 18 > 

Stepping onto the strip for a piercing memory 
By CHRISTOPHER CANOLE, Scaff Wnlcr 

Eight years ago I walked off a lencing strip for what 
I thought was the last time. john Helmich and I, tWO 
members of UCSD's first fenCing team, were competing 
In the General Dynamics Invnational Tournament. 
I had tied wi th a fencer named joseph for the last 
quahfying pOSition in the finals . The winner of a ten-
pOint fen ce-off would advance, the loser would go 
home. 

The bout started slowly and caullously, for we had 
already fenced for SIX hours. When the dIrector 
announced the final one-minute time warning I was up 
In POIntS 9-3 In the next action we crashed shoulder 
to shoulder as we both attempted flying body leaps. My 
epee broke agaInst the impact ofJoseph's protective 
bell guard . 

Unplugging my weapon and rubbing the soreness 
from my shoulder, I realized that lor the past two years 
I had fo used only on the competItive sidc of fencing, 
and had nOt learned much beyond what my first 
coach, jlln White , had taught. 

As I plugged In my backup epee I sensed In jo,cph\ 
e)·cs the need and deSire to continue fenCing I 

opened my defense seven times and qUickly ended my 
fenCing career 9-10. 

Two weeks ago, while interviewing U SD's fenCing 
coach Lynn Antonelli , I asked if she mIght be 
interested in me covering the Bladerunner InVitational 
In a George Plimpton style of reporter-participant. She 
agreed and cautioned that I would be facing nm only 
an excellent UCSD squad but also many fencers with 
five to 15 years of experience. 

During the next few days I called around the state to 
have old fencmg friends return equipment I gave away 
eight years ago. Surprisingly, the white uniform fit , and 
I at least looked lIke a fencer. The epee felt calm 109 
rather than exciting in my hand. 

As I stepped onto the strip for my first bout in eight 
years I focused all my concentratIon on what it felt like 
to fence agaIn. Something inside me had changed 
SInce that laSt bout. Before I could figure out what It 
was, the direCtor called for my opponent and me to 
test our weapons and prepare to fen e. In cu tomary 
fa 'hion we came to attenuon and removed our masks 
to salute each other. There hefore me stood j ose ph l 

Thursday , Oct. /8, /984 IS 

.. 

.:: 

..c 

< 
~ 

~ ~i 
p an!1evik '5 troops invade Sin City 
JJy ALICIA AGOS 

Doesn't the fourth week of class just give you stress? Take a quick look around this campus and 
you will see some harassed people. At 
Peterson they are takmg math midterms, 
at USB they are slaving over those 
wicked physics tests, and over at the 
gym they are ... waaiit just a minute. 
What happened to the women's 
volleyball team? They went where? LAS 
VEGA$] 

Now, the academically oriented and 
midtermed-out student might wonder 
how the hell rwelve girls got to go to Las 
Vegas, free of charge, for three days. 
Well, OK, a match against UNLV is a 
legitimate excuse to go to Las Vegas, but 
the game itself was on Friday night, and 
it wasn't until late Sunday afternoon that 
the team van, carrying rwelve worn and 
weary players, pulled into the UCSD 
parking lot. What exactly did these girls, 
Coach Doug Dannevik and assoned, but 
loyal, fans do in infamous Sin City all 
weekend? Inquiring minds want to 
know. 

As far as the volleyball game itself 
went, Dannevik was not too pleased 
with the performance of his team. "We 
are struggling in ~rms of consistency 
and fmding performances from our 
starters. We lost in three games, 17-15, 
15-11 and 15-8. Las Vegas is a good 
DiviSIOn I team, but they're not 
unbeatable. 0 one has had two good 
matches back to back. We're just not 
playing conSistently," The Tnrons are 
currently ranked sixth in the nation , 
and Dannevik IS fully confident that his 
team will make Its seemingly annual trip 
to the National ChampIonships in 
December. "It all comes down to 
December. We can't afford to keep 
5lruggling, so we keep preparing. Odds 
are we will do well. We JUSt prepare 
ourselves to do a good job." 

In Las Vegas this past weekend , the 
TrIton team prepared itself SOCially as 
well a phYSically for the 
championships. Lori Lunhow felt that 
Ihe excursion "brought u together as a 
leam on a social level. Group-wise. It 

was also the best we've played in a long 
time: 

But, you ask, what exactly did they 
do? 

"Everything we could get our hands 
on," said senior All-American Molly 
Wheatley. 

After the game Friday night, the team, 
Dannevik, Assistant Coach Mike Hipp 
and some loyal fans affectionately 
known as SWAMP did the official' 
cruising of the strip, ate dinner and 
then hit the craps tables. Although 
Dannevik modestly reports that "on my 
salary I couldn't afford to bet or lose 
much," a reliable inside source leaked 
that the team leader lost $100 the first 
night and $20 the second. 

With Satulday promising 
temperatures upwards of 98°, the 
coaches headed for the golf course , 
while the team (not without chem and 
bio books) went poolside. Monica 
Bradley felt that after a day of studying 
and relaxing in the sun, the happenings 
on Saturday night provided the most 
amusement. While Dannevik and Hipp 
were still on the golf course , the women 
were enjoying an informal team dinner, 
and, according' to Evelyn Conley, 
"scamming on the guys at MGM." The 
players and coaches met again at 
around 11 pm when everyone managed 
to get OntO one craps table. Reponed 
wins and losses for the mght varied. 
Down to her very last dollar, Christy 
Wada apparently transformed into a 
gambhng terror and ended up with a 
net of $38. Karin Kalk, on the other 
hand, deCIded "Las Vegas really wasn't 
my kind of town . I really didn't gamble. 
I only lost a quarter." Lori Lunhow 
seemed to Side-step all that when she, 
according to her coach, "befriended all 
the dealers and guys at the table. Free 
dice, a free chance to bet, etc ," While 
some of the women opted for dancing 
till dawn, others, burnt out on all the 
glitter and gambling, headed back to the 
rooms at the Manna, listened to Animal 
HOI/Sf, jumped on the beds and "got 
really loud ." ThIngs got pretty quiet, 

though, when the call 
from the manager 
came through. Yet, 
adaptable as they are, 
Lori Lunhow reports 
they Simply "went 
downstairs and gam-
bled until five in the 
morning. Some or us 
did go SWimming at 
2:30 am, though: 

Adding to all this 
craziness was the 
small bot volatile 
SWAMP. Dannevik 
graciously calls them 
"one of the largest 
drunkard groups on 
campus. They are 
loud. They're not 
very stable , but 
they're loud." How-
ever, their enthusi-
asm did not go un-
noticed, and Danne-
vik added, "Our vol-
lleyball teams have 
always been blessed 
with some really good 

L-______________________________ ~ 

Doug Dannevin: "/ have to make the decision if the money is well 
spent on !lips like this, or if the 81,'15 take advantage of the situation. 

fans." The team as a whole is happy 
With their presence. Lori Lunhow said, 
They are so great. At Las Vegas, the 
three of them made more nOIse than 
"nyone else In the gym." 

SWAMP IS not an official UCSD club , 
dues are not regularly collected (except 
at the lIquor store) and membership is 
never complete , or for that matter, even 
checked. However, one thing about thi 
group of guys is certaIn: They are crazy. 
For example, they spent the Thursday 
night before the Lis Vegas experience 
not only in the Calico Ghost Town, but 
In the Calico Ghost Town Cemetery. 
Why? "The campground was full," said 
SWAMP member Tom Jones. "We dId It 
once before and we lost the pictures," 
said Allan Pelleter. "We wanted to 
reserve a Spot," saId Matt Adams. 

Anyway, from all repons, the trip was, 
at the vel)' least, worthwhile. Dannevlk, 
for one , IS in favor of seeing the VISits 

continue, on a seasonal basis. "I bke 
these trips . They're fun. However, I'd 
like to see us play well , then go out as a 
reward . Right now, I think the girls have 
the rIght work ethic, but as a coach , I 
don 't really see it on the coun." As it 
was, the total tri p COSt was $1100. 
UCSD paid $315, while the rest of the 
money came from a fund allolted 
seasonally for team expenses. Said 
Dannevlk, -BaSically the sc hool paid for 
meals. We had to pay for transponation 
and lodgIng. We could've done a lot of 
different things with the money. I have 
to make the decision if the money IS 
well spent on tripS like this or If the 
girls take advantage of the situation. 
They need to know when it's llIne to 
play and wher it's time to party." 

Judging from what went on last 
weekend in Las Vegas, the UC D 
women's volleyball team knows how to 
do both qUite well. ~ 

£ 
., 
(; 
~ 



16 Thu rsday. Oct. 18. 1984 

Chris Bowlus 
Motivated for a sport undergroulld 

By lAURA ZIPPERSTEIN 

T ALKING TO CH RIS BOWLUS about Chris Bowlus is almost as difficult as pulling teeth. He 
skin s around topiCS that involve hIS 
own abili ty as a runner and shifts the 
conversa tion to h is team as a whole. But 
h is ind iVIdual accomplishments as a 
runner can nOt be ignored . 

Chris Bowlus staned run ning when 
he was in junior high school. 'The area 
I'm from IPalos Verdes] was real big on 
running. The whole community was 
involved in it. The junior high school 
required the kids to run ." Bowlus ran in 
dislrlct meets and did well enough to 
attract the attention of the high school 
coach . WhIle In high school, he placed 
fifth In CIF (Southern Section) for two 
years in a row. 

Bowlus' decision to attend UC D was 
by -process of elimination." The fact 
thaI UC D is not a big athletic school 
did not seem to pose a problem. Yet he 
has gone through some "low POints" 
here 

Entenng UCSD , Bowlus expected a 
good , strong team and thought that he 
would only have a chance at making a 
Spot on It . Instead he found that he left 
most of the runners far behind. 

But his el1Joymem as an athlete 
ended at running. Bowlus has 

experienced various problems with 
UCSD's Athletic Depanmem. These 
problems reached their peak at the end 
of last season. "Working with the 
Athleti c Depanment hit a low last year. I 
went back East fo r competitio ns and 
was put in flea bag mOlels." Chris 
believes that it is the depanment's tight 
budget that causes such proble ms, and 
he tries nOt to let It bother h im 
anymore. During his sophomore year, 
however, he seriously considered 
transferring (0 UC Davis, where the 
running program is conS idered (0 be 
more "inte nse: But he was afra id he 
would not be happy there and so 
remained at San Diego, a deCIsion he 
does not regret. 

ThIS year Bowlus is very pleased wah 
the strides the team has made. "The 
cross COUntry team has completely 
turned around . The coaches put a lot of 
time In and are very enthusiastic. I 
think It is the best team In UCSD's 
history." He IS qUIck (0 point oU[ that at 
their last meet, the Biola Invitational, the 
Tntons placed first in DiviS Ion II . 
Bowlus placed sixth overall and second 
in the small schools divis ion. 

Cross count ry, as Bowlus tells it, is an 

> CONTINUED ON. I'AGE 18 > 

Top: Milw Brmer. Dennis ~,"ollll, Bob Kramer, Nick Slavlch, WGUrs 
Middk: Missy Abaon, Molly 5c""'~ SQlldy Mathur, BolIO,": Shiw/liln McDollllld. BI4IirConnor 

If the Padres aren't the best team 
fn baseball, then o nly Detro it can 
say they're better. IfDormbuster's 
aren 't the best team in Coed A 
Waterpolo, then o nly the 
Mercilles Penguins can speak up 
and claim the title . These kids out 
of the Muir Apartments can really 
play the game. Blair Connor can 
throw h arder than Jack Morris, 
T h e combinati o n of 

Mathur, Shivan McDonald a nd 
Missy Abeson is sweeter than 
Trammel to Whitaker to Evans 
o n a 6-4-3. It was 17-2 at half and 
the Dormbus ters c ruised to a 31 -
4 final over the team from B-
house . With a 2-0 record , a 65-4 
point differe ntial and for looking 
so good in their caps -
Dormbusters are the lite Beer 
Team o f the Week. 

Q 

A terrifying epidemic IS 
sweeping the nation ... 

and you could be its next victim! 
Watch for the tell-tale symptoms coming October 29th! 

Just a friendly warning from Zenith Data Systems 

The home 0 the 
39.¢ hatnburger. 

,, __ " "" .. '", ,4k~m, 
l\"II,\, ' \ 7140 Miram.ar Rd. San Diego 

·I..-.. ~--------------------........ "I .I~ ~o~B~------------- ~ 
GET ONE 
FREE 

I" ... , I'h ' ~ 111 11" .. I HHP"" 
\l "~ 'II "\1, 111,,:.1 n,\..' M .I'- ,lIhl 
)11,, ' 11 ),!1.1 ,"H,d".', I\I~ M.h. 
Ih\ ' 1111111 t ,,,, \,HII"'"I" 
,U .. I,.tl Io r . ,\", \ 1"" 1'1.- •• ,. 

,' rl-', "' '111 11" "1 \' Ih II 
" , krill!.! :-..s' I' \ ,1101 

I " "" \ ,1111,> I 2",1111 " '11 II 

Only at: 
7140 Miramar Rd. 

San DielCO 

II 
II 
II 
II 
II 

Z:'~ Cli)j 
1_1_1_1_1 __ -

Men's soccer 
"physicals" 
past Chapman 
By JOHN GODFREY 

T HE UCSD MEN'S SOCCER TEAM Fought their way past Division UI rival Chapman Conege in 
an extemely physical contest at Muir 
Field Monday nighl The Tritons 
dominated the game, but couldn't get 
the baD in the net until overtime as they 
triumphed 2-0. 

UCSD forwards Greg Schwanz and 
Warren Hollinger showed complete 
disregard for their own bodies as the 
Tritons kept the baD on the Chapman 
side of the field for most of the first 
half. UCSD coach Derek Armstrong 
added that this duo "set the example" 
for the rest of the players from a 
physical point of view. Interestingly 
enough, one man in panieular seemed 
to lake the majority of the punishment 
these two were dishing out. His name is 
Mlc hael Perry Ill. 

Pel1Y., a Chapman Panther out of 
Honolulu. Hawaii, found himself limping 
an over Muir Field as a result of the 
agressive play of the Tricons. Armstrong 
couldn't help noticing the conniet, but 
simply described it as part of the game. 
"(Perry) was jUst a physical animal, and 
was one of the guys who started 
everything," stated the second year 
coach, "he JUS( drew our fire from his 
own style of play," Despite the abuse 
Perry took throughout the contest, the 
bulky junior refused CO let up until an 
injury forced him co leave the game in 
the second half. 

"It wasn't really a pretty game: stated 
Annsu:oI1&. "but It was very exciting." 
Indited. one of the bigger crowds of the 
season raBied behind the TritonS as the 

Armstrong and several 
. others spent a good deal of 
time working on the field 
prior to Monday's contest. 
tension mounted in OT. "The women's 
soccer team came back from their game 
to cheer us on, and the whole crowd 
pushed us over the hiD," Armstrong 
added . 

Monday's game also marked the third 
straight contest in which UCSD went to 
ovenime. The Tritons, who just returned 
from a tough four-game road trip, split 
their extended matches away from 
home. UC Davis, a Division II 
university, became one of the few teams 
to defeat the sixth-rated Tritons since 
Armstrong came to the helm last fall . 
Despite the disheartening loss to Davis, 
and minor injuries bothering starters 
Greg Schwanz and Thien Nguyen, 
UCSD came together to beat a cough 
Chapman team on a merciless field . 

Annstrong and several others spent a 
good deal of rime working on the field 
prior to Monday's contes!. The group 
used sand to fill in holes , and cut 
patches of high grass in order to make 
the field playable. "In between the sand 
are holes: stated 'Armstrong, "and if 
they're not filled in, they could be 
dangerous. The field was too hard to 
play wen on an~y." Midfielder Scott 
Strummer and forward Nguyen suffered 
visibly thanks to the field 's condition. 

With five games remaining and four 
scheduled at home, the Tritons are on 
the verge of reaching the Division UI 
playoffs this year. UCSD now must face 
Whittier College this Monday at Warren 

j Field, a game Armstrong's squad should 
win handily. The Tricons wiD then take 
on powerhouse Colorado College a week 
from tomorrow in a game Armstrong 
recommends highly for aU soccer rans. 
The game is tentatively planned to start 
at 7:30 pm at Muir Field. bUI plans are 
currently being made 10 switch the 
contest to Warren at an earlier time. 
Colorado is ranked in the top five in 
Division III , while UCSD rests in the 
nation's sixth position. 

"TGI .... Y'S. 
IIGHlAMES 
- ••• 

You '*' INIke big money at the new TGI FridaV's 
Rlllalrlnt In !he 1II Jolla Village Square 

AM DOIIbOn& 0Il8f1 w..-s now being held. 
Mon..fn. ' • . m.-5 p.m. SIt. 9 a.m.-Ii p.m. 

1II JoIa Village Inn. 
32911 HolIday Court 

lIIJo1a, CA 
(11191458-9588 

AND _IE HIRING 
150 PEOPLE IN THE 

NEXT 11IREE WEEKS." 

F=-= A career 
of • erent stripe. 

M oquoI QIlpClOUIIy """*"",,,. M'F 

A THIN LINE 
SEPARATES 
WVE 
FROM HATE, 
SUCCESS 
FROM FAILURE, 
LIFE FROM 
DEATH. 
A LINE AS 
DIFFICULT 
10 WALK 
ASA 
RAZO«S EDGE. 

MORE THAN A COMICS 'STORE!!! 
• Fantasy & role-playing games 
• Fantasy miniatures 
• Japanese models &' toys 

The Comic Gallery 
4224 Balboa Ave., San Diego, CA 92117 

(corner of Balboa at Cloiremont Dr.) 
- Next to Food Basket -

(619) 483·4853 
Copynght c 1984 Marvel ComICs Group All rights reserved 
SPIDER·MAN ' 'II lOCI C 1984 Marvel COfl"'IM:S Group 

ll-U: . 
RI.\Z()RS ):JX~): 

THE STORY OF ONE MAN'S SEARCH 
FOR HIMSELF. 

COLUMBIA PlcruRES I'RF.Sf:Nn; 
A MARCUCC1-COHEN·BENN PROI)\ 'CTlON AJOHN BYRUM tlLM 

" BIll MURRAY 
THE RAZOR'S EDGE" BASED ON THE QASSlC NOVEL BY W SOMERSET MAUGHAM 

mERES.'. RUSSEll CATHERJNE HICKS IDENHOIM ElJJOTI AS UNCLE Ell 1011 ANI> JAMES KEACH 
'"-:'JACK NITZSCHE ··"".ll JOHN BYRUM & BIll M URRAY ~::~7: ROB COHEN ~' " ' \,\' ROBERT P. MARCUCCI ANI> HARRY BENN ,-, '\,\'JOHN BYRUM ~ r;:JI1~_~.IJ;:r;:iI;;::~:;;:===iIN;::;.='ifiJ~. IU~) n it 11 ' (04 I ' tlM M:; • _ _ _ ~_ 

OPENS OCTOBER 19 



18 Thursday, OCl 18, 1984 

"An Educated Consumer Is our Bat Customer" 

Clearance Sale BUSIN.SS AND TECHNICAL MAJORS 
Save up to 25% on '83 models 
Over 2,000 items on display Highly responsible positions for college seniors and graduates 

(through ~ 34) in financial 
and logistic support. The Na\/)' 
Supply Corps needs highlY 
qualified. c¥lamic indMduals 
to lead and manage large 
InventOl}' and financial 
networks. Salary S18.s00 to 
start. 534.000 after 4 ~ars. 
Excellent ~ts package. 
Need e.·vas. u.s. citizenship. 

European 
Bicycles • Mopeds • Accessories 

12-speed Team Fuji, chrome alloy, double-butted 
tubina, cyclone MIlk II denailleur 

cycles 
•• 

system, 700c wheels and more .. ................ . . .. . .. . .... .... S351.95 
12-speed F\.\ii Espree commuter bike with call NIIVIII ~ ... _ 

Progr .... Z9H7 ... . 
alloy quick release rims, 24 Ibs ... . .............................. $359.95 

Man WIld InF 4pm. 
IS-speed 8-1208 LTD, all terRin bike 

with chrome alloy frame, 
double·butted tubing, 24 1bs. . . .... ..... ........ ... . ............ S351.95 

755 T uoise Street, Pacific Beach • ~ 

Good friends won't leave you flat. 

The moon was up, the stars 
were out and-pfftt! -your rear 
tire was down. Good thing there 
was a phone nearby. And a few 
good friends who were willing 
to drive a dozen miles, on a 
Saturday night, to give you a 
lift. When you get back, you 
want to do more than just say 
"thanks:' So tonight, let it be 
LOwenbrau. 

Lowenbrilu. Here's to good friends. 

MeInory 
CONTINUED FROM PAGE 14: < 

fenci ng rhls summer were 'esconed !O 
plush rhearer seating and warched 
white-clad warriors dueling on srage, 
overseen by offiCials dressed in black 
tie . The poise and elegance of fencing is 
only matchtd by its excitement of 
watching twO physical chess masters 
recreate legends of the past through our 
UCSD champions of the ruture. 

Unfortunately. future champions 
depend on support from those they 
represent. When the UCSp fenCing 
team received "adequate" funding our 
duelists won every honor west of the 
Mississippi. But lately, the UCSD 
Athletics Department seems obsessed 
with jumping out of its small pond of a 
diversity of quality sports into the 
watered down lake of big league spons, 
Cutting the funding of less well-known 
teams here at UCSD will not win games 
in fan-favored sports against rhe likes of 
San Diego State and USC, These 
victories have, in the past, come to us 
rhrough sports like fencing. With 
adequate funding the fencing program 
can continue to bring us 

championships~ Then tournaments like 
rhe Bladerunner will be held to 
encourage the spirit of our arhleres, nOt 
to JUSt rry and raise the funds needed !O 
break even. IiJ 

Bowlus 
< CONTINUED FROM PAGE 16 < 
underground sport, The arhletes do not 
expect many fans !O show up ar meets , 
so any motivation must corne from 
within . Bowlus attributes the success of, 
this years team !O a variety of elements. 
'The team is staying healthy, we have a 
lot of pOtential , and the guys are 
showing education and commitment !O 
the team, There is a sense of 
camaraderie." 

What he falls !O mention, though , is 
hi s own contribution. Says his teammate 
and high school ri val Milo Aukerman , 
"Chris tends to downplay his own 
abili ti es. He has a tremendous amount 
of narural talent , and he is as strong as 
a horse ." 

Mixing academics with athletics does 
not seem to be a problem for Bowlus, 
"School is pretty relaxed. There is as 
much pressure here as you want !O put 
on yourse lf." A bio-chem senior ar 
Revelle , Chris has had no real dilemmas 
as far as "final" versus "track meef goes. 
"Usually, the season ends before finals , 
Besides, most of rhe teachers are pretty 
helpful. When a genetics midterm 
confli cted , Dr. Brody was really good 
about arrangi ng a make-up exam." 

This year, Bowlus IS pushing himself 
harder than ever before, "l've been 
running lor about eight years. The 
longer you run. the more you should be 
able to ru n," He runs four miles in the 
morning and eight to 12 miles in the 
afternoon n.ve days a week. Yet, he doe s 
not see himself as "diSciplined." He 
does tl)' !O eat well , bur adds, "If I ger a 
craving for something, I'll eat it!" One 
thi ng he does need as a resu lt of 
running is extra sleep. Most of the time 
he loses studying is a lesult of the eight 
to ten hours he sleeps during the 
running season, And whar would he be 
doing If he was not running,? "I'd be 
spending thar time screwing around 
doing somerhing else." 

As far as his future goes, Bowlus does 
not see it in running. He has applied to 
medical school and graduate school and 
is thinking of going into research, But 
he IS also quick to point out that many 
of the greatest runners have ourside 
professions, 

What keeps Chris Bowlus running? 
"Running is nOt JUSt jogging. lr IS a lot 
different when you are rac ing. There IS 
a sense of satisfacrion, a sense of 
accomplishment. It is nOt whether }'OU 
Win or lose , Whatever you place, II 
you've run your besr , you fcel 
s,H1shcd " Il:) 

S360 weekly/UP mailing drOJlMs1 NO 
bOsses/quotasl Slnc:ereIy interested rush $elf-
addressed enIIeIope: DMsion Headquarters. 
8aK 464CFW. WOodstocX. IL 60098. 110/221 

Daug,ters 01 Jesbi.. mothers needed br 
stud)'. ~ small amount of your tlme 
needed. Please ~I call Julie Schwartz 45~ 
2100. IIO/ISI 

InsurCl'lCe Warl We'll beat iII'J price or we 
don't want your business. Tldcets. acddents. 
sportS cas. good driver/student diScDunts: 
aI. wefcDme. call 286-1135, Request UCSO 
PI ... 111/291 

Menstrual distress? AbdomNl pain. crarfl)S. 
nausea. headaches. etc. Partldpa'lts are 
needed fer a stud)' conc1Jaed t¥ Planned 
Paleiltluoc:1 231-676O/481-61SI. (lO/lSI 
En~ efYl)Joyment prospeas with .. 
~10 internshlpl Winter 0uMter deallne: 
10/19. For more info. stop bytheASlOOfc. in 
!he Student Center aboIIe the Game Ifoom. 
Open M-F. ~3. 110/1S1 
Tae Sheller: Gille your parents .. ~ bigger 
write-ofr & yourself a place to IiIIe. La .Jolla 
VIllage Temls ClIb CDndo. proIessIonaI~ 
decorated and priced below rrwket. 
SI39.500 with 1700 sq. rt. call lk1cII. agent 
45~0501/454-4110. 110/lS1 
~·s the Boss 7 SprIngsteen In LA 10/25-
11/4. Exaflent tldcets iMlllable. Call 457-
ISI4. 110/lS1 

l..M! Entl!Italnment: Thls F~. Oct. 19. 
Triton Pub, 5:00-7:00. Need not be 21 to 
enter. Free as alw.rysIIIO/ISI 

~ groups on sexual politics. ~ral 
change. women. racr and class. collectJve 
theoIy and U.S. intervention in Central 
AmerIca. VIsit or call Grounctwortc Books to 
lelm more. 452-9625. (10/221 
Intern this Winter Ouarter through the 
Acadefnjc Internship Prog'anl There are still 
many good placements left including 
excellent opportunitles for AMES. EECS. 
MATH and PHYSICS ~. If you are 
majoring In a tectnk:al fiekI you can earn 
AGldem/c credit while gaining valuable 
experiencel For inl'orlnaJon about the 
progran stop by \lVC406 or call 452-4355. 
(lo/lal 
A Debate: Po/ltla '84/The .Jewish Concern. 
Mon. Oct. 22. 7:30 pm HL A.ud. Floor will be 
open b' questlons. sponsored t¥ the Israel 
Action Committee .. d the Ulion ot .Jewish 

~rudents. (lO/lal ' 
\X!hat the heck is F.SAM.1 Find out on 
10/23. 7 pm Cont, Rm. lilA.. General mtg. & 
~c speaker. More inlb 452-4SA.M. 
110/221 

The RfNlvai of Economics and Management 
Science Students Association IEMSSAIII 
Come to t~ general interest meeting today 
at 5:30 in the North Conf. Room. Ilo/Ial 

VIolln1 VIola7 Prep for "32" or jJst b' fUn. 
Group rates. sliding scale, Helen Martin. 
457-0671, 111/261 

1Jtihen: Dec. 14-21. 1M1ere: Vail. Colorado, 
'My. To ski our brains out 1JIIho:¥bu&you & 
you, Put on ~ the Radical~ Inclined SId CkJb 
of UCSO. IRISCI Tldcets on sale now at the 
box OmC!, 5299. Get yours now1110/181 

Groundwork Stu4' Groups now forming, 
Cooperativt! uM¥tl/1ed learning; thought-
provoking topics; .. d thI!y'r! freel Stop ~ 
Groundvliork Books (b!hind the bik! shopl 

Of call 4S2-~ b' ilfo. ,10/221 
Psst Hey)Q1. \M)uJd you like to wFI a trip to 
v.u witt! ttwAll<al1 I tholq1t sol Enter the 
at ral~ on Oct. 26U1 & wi'! youtSeIf oil sid 
\8Catlon. Umem/ar. 55 rIOIrmernbelS/at. 
SI!J1 up at !he flee 0fIIms Tues. -T/"urs. I()-2. 
Costume PIIIY .afterwaods. Prizes br best 
mstumeslllOllSl 

Fa Sale: '69 Nova. 6 ~. 3 speed. S6OO .. d it 
runs great. CMI 272-1452 Go for It. 110/181 

'66 Ford LlD-runs eccelIent. very clean. 
!JKXI II.t'G. great tr.-.sportation-SSOO. 
453-0146 ~. (10/181 
Blade a1CI \M1Ite 16" TV. ExceII«lt COIlditlon. 
A steal at sas. carllVrrj 4S8-~80. 110/ISI 

Mot~ 505-bou{11t b' 5500; needsa 
little repair IMlrIc -price negotlable. call 
Deonne lewnngs bestl 454-2605. (10/1SI 
Full wetsuit. super warm. O'NeiH arIimaI skin. 
Best ofI'er. MI!d. Marc 452-0395. 110/181 

8ranc:I new. I1eII'er used. 10 speed men's bike. 
23 Inch "aile. S150 or best oIJII!r. Call 458-
9803 Mike. 'IO/1SI 

Sur1boar~ Thruster. 5'11" wtWtewith 
bl.Ie ralls. Great condition. 5150. call 45S-
'9210 filter 6 pn. 110/291 

SprIngstM'l ddcets 11/28 floor sea. E row 10 
(2 or 31. 45H828. best oIfer. (10/1SI 
19 Inch coD TV. 2 yeIfS old. cost U5O, sell 
tIr 5150. NAD 10~ SerIes 2 prearnplltler. 
very ~~. almost urused. Jist $198. sell 
tIr 5125. ea.lNlo 45S-9B51. (10/221 

SpiI~ Udcet:s. NrN. 4 floor. 457-2105 
eve. 110/221 

New RCA. It'" CDIor TV with remote control. 
excellent CDldtIoiL Half prke 5350. c.h 
q . Brenda 276-5302 (lO/1SI 

~. 1978 HOIIda Mint mndItloI~ 
low mIIes~owner. S77511rm. Call ~ 
LeA'itt 75s-5595. 110/251 

2 Springsteen tidcets. Oct. 13 Section 0&£, 
5SOO pair. 453-0769 M1y am/Iate pm. 
11O/lal 

s~ on~. call 452-4355 Of come we 406. 
(10/221 
~er Wil"lted br occasIonIIjDbL 1 girl 8 
yrs old U . Shores. If interested call MIry 
Squ.azzo 454-6973 ~. 571-2626 ofJc. 
110/221 

EXPERT Typing , Also cassettes & 
CDrJl)Uterized work. SpefIing free. we car!! 
~. 45~S8la. 110/ISI 
Top Drawer Secretarial \M:)rd Proa5sIng. 
ReportS. resume. ~. Student rate, 
Diarle 4a1-416O. 111/291 

Models. Former UCSO Guarc:Iarl Photo 
Editor/UCSO calendar 1't1oCo9'.apher row 
proewng hi~uaI~. Iow-<Dst moc:t!lIl1g 
portfolios. Color or B& W. call RktI PegaIc. 
69S-8714 tbr appointment. 110/291 

cars for rent 515 per ~. S85 per week. D!I 
Mar 75S-320I. (l0/1SI 
\IVord processlng special. Papss. resumes. 
etc. Fast print qu.alily. ALF A.B.l. T.s. 454-
8628. 110/1al 

Chern Tutor. Genl Of Org.-.ic--eu:n..grtbr 
cor1\letSatlonal Russi., Of MarIdarIn ~ 
or EIem. Music TheoIy. 272-1398 110/181 

SELF-STORAGE: COfl\IenIenl scorage space 
located on Eastgate Mal/Just 1/2 mIIr no. d 
Miramar Ro.ad. 5 min. from ~ AM sizes 
alail. from 51aOO/mo. 25.. c:Isau1t to 
students/faO,llly /st.aIf. ICail tIr details! La 
AlIIot-EastgIte Self-Sttlrage. 8440 Eastgae 
Court 458-1950. 110/221 

Film b:I IIideobpe tr .... arid vidtutape 
c1.Ipllcation. 45()-9512 &est CJMIIlY wort. 
IIO/1S1 

Super ~ laM Ill. aa:ur-. s.ne ~ 
senna. Resume. term paptr. ftc. J6 years 
exper/er1a. Call Eety. 452-1393. 110/251 

8urke Secretarial~1ty ~ IS years 
experience-Rush jobS spedal1;y/FIexlble 
hours. La .Jolla 457-3842 111/11 

SUper typing. Higl-quallty. sarne-dayservicr. 
reume. term piiper. etc. 16 yrs. exp!IielCe. 

&fi!~J~lW iiiiUl1 
Intems. Opporturitles b' all ~I Stop t¥ 
the A.SlO 0Ic.. 2nd IIoor 01 Student Center 
~ the Game Room Of call 452-4689. 
Open ~. ~3. ~ t¥ 10/191110/ISI 
w .. ted: Female roomate to occupy single 
room in condo near U . VI,.. Square. Rent 
S260 pka 1/4 utilities beg/l11lng 10/27. Call 
4 5()-1448. 11O/IS1 

~I TutOf needed br AMES121A Student 
currently taIW1g class OK. call Karen or Laurie 
45()-3265. IIO/1SI 
wanted: SUt!feCtS to partidpate in p6ceptlon 
experiments. Pay is S5.00/tY. Call Rictlard 
Batctl at the S.allc Institute. 453-4100 ext. 548. 
between 11:00 and 3:00 M-F. IIO/Ial 

W .. ted: Someone to coordinate music at ~ 
21st 8d"'f party. Sat. Nov. 10 at S pm. Remrds 
& other equipment r!qUlred. The party will 
be In LA CaIIIVrrj 450-4399, (lo/Ial 
Peer A.dIIisor. A.cad, Internship Prog'an. 
Coordinate WastWIgton. D.C.. Sacramento 
programs. uason with student organzation. 
academic departments, gov!rnment 
agencies. Good Interpersonal. conmunica-
tions sldlls. Must hiM! work-st\qt. Call 
x4355. 110/221 

Data Entry. Acad. Internship Prog. Will train 
acrurate typist. Must hiM! work-s~. Call 
x4355 Of come to Warren 406, Flexible 
hours. (10/221 
PUbilc Relations. Acad, Internship Prog. 
Coordinate ads. outreach to student orgs. 
academic depts. Strong oral, written 
comrrunication skills. Some clerical. Work-

Is Larry real~ P«fM1 DId Liz win sex1 ~ 
did Alex sleep outside? Fnd out FrI. at 
HzopoIo Game (I wish Didc CDUJd come.1 
IIO/Ial 

ThanJcs Ibr the blow out 21st guys-Let's do 
drinksl SGR. Ilo/lal 

W!will get no 502's beforeltstlme-lhalIcs 
SUI'V¥. Barb. and Kim, It was werth It. (1o/1al 
The Boss is Bac/cl Great Springsteen seats b' 
all nites. Call 457--1aI4, IIO/ISI 

The RC!YIvai of Economics and Marlagement 
Sciencr Student A.ssodation 1EMSSA.JlCome 
to the general interest meeting todi¥ at 5:30 
In the North Cont. Room. 110/1SI 

Dear DHW: I iuv u so rrudlII ~8-DiIyI U 
will always be the pineIppIe 01 rry ¥' 
loving U 4!Ver. KKN. (10/181 
Dear M¥ar<1 Thank you tbr 5 monIhs of 
fantastic times. Here's to ~ rmref I lowe 
you. Bish XOXO, IIO/lal 

Kim-Happy 8th A.nniverVIy. turjef 10K. so 
it·s tomorrow. But I asked ~ Ihey wwktl't 
del~ the paper just for IAI ....-e a ~ 
tomorrowl Love. kisses. and ~ else. 
Jeff, (10/181 

Pen~: M I miss-in U or vk:e versa7 DId U 
intentional~ spell out your last Fane & spell 
mine wrong 1 If U wanna talk iIDout that in 
detail, U know wtl:> U can ClII/-fGoose 
Busterl, P.L. (10/181 
Vrooml RISC car rally, Oct. 27. 7:30pm in the 

Rec. Conf. Room. 1st prIz~ is oil trip to Vail with 
the A.lKaI. Costume party aft~ 
110/181 

ETA Clas . .. BucH\.a IIM5 you I Bros of TkE. 
110/181 

Yes. it's truelThe infamous winter A.lKaI trip 
Is r91t around !he mrner. Vall. Color.ado is -
It1Is ye¥s destination Tldcets on saIe.now at 
the box ofIIcr. 5299. United seetingJ 5qI up 
nowIIIO/I8I 

Kristen. Happy Late~. Sony I missed It. 
Love. Loralie. 110/1SI 

H!)' youl Yoohool yen. you with the "ckJdc" 
feetl I loIfeyou smller. MIkl XOCOICO. P.S. Happy 
6th. IIO/ISI 

Hey Girls. micHerms are 0Ier arid it·s time br 
the Banala Patrol to start up agaInll.oli! ya 
MB.-LF· IIO/lal 

I-t.Ippy Birthday Mictlelle C. H.- you raised 
"the" score yet7 we love yal ~! n 
8,- .. d the rest of the "Patrol." IIO/ISI 

Warm Congratulations to our newest Apha 
Omicron PI pledges: Usa. ~. Christina. 
.Jemifer. Narlcy. Barbara. Kenaa. Laurerlll 
We're real~ ecdted to ~ you as sisterslll 
XXOC»IXoo. /10/181 

Hey Fr~ Menll The A.Olls are looking 
forward to seelngyou Sat. nIgtltll Woit1, her! 
we comenlll0/181 

Alpha Omiaon PI is very proud ot its Rho 
pledge dass: PIper. MidleIe. EIleen. Coma. 
SandI, Heath!r. Karen. ~ ChrIstina. 
Catt\'. ~. Usa. Narlcy. Kenaa. Lauren. 
Bartlar.a/" Pledge presents SItur~ wiN be a 
memorable occasion. You women are the 
greatest and we DIe ya'llIJ xxooxxoo.IIO/lal 

HI ~toAOII" '\tbu'rethe best II 
slsI CQf9at5 XOICD 1..oVe. Michelle. 110/181 
Nancy HI Irs going to be great halingyou as 
"¥ III sisl I iuv)'.ill wetcome to AOII. ~. 
SUzy. 110/181 

Barbara: .. m so happy to hI\.te)lOU b' a little 
slsterll hopeyourtlme In A.OlI is as happy as 
mine has been. A.OII has so rructl to offer ar1c:I 
best of all is' real frlendshipl Alpha 1.cM. Big 
SIs Nancy. (10/181 
To all my AOII sisters-)'OU'r! terrifidl A,pha 
Love. A Sis' IIO/IBI 

Christina-welcome to AOIIII I's so glad 
you'r! ~ 1ittI! sister-~. your big sis. 
(lo/lal 
Dear Lauren. Just remember the words to 
the song71 W!'r! going to be a dilng«ous 
combinatlonl ~. Sis. 110/181 

Irio concrmlng stolen 67 Classic WI bug. 
CA ~c. 332-VQG, Color was tan .. d had 
wFlk mirrOf. Stolen Fri. Oct. 5. off of Nobel 
Dr. in La Jolla. Fantastic r!!Ward for iII'J avail. 
Inlb. carolyn 457-3583.1/0/221 

Found: HP12C calo • .,ator. lrur, 10/11 in 
Petmon Hall. call Doug at 4a73848 lOr 
details. (l0/1SI 
Calwlator In HL Ub. Call Charlie at 481-9617 
to iderltifY. (10/181 
lAdies broWn cardigan sweater I()-" at 
UCSO Theatre. If /bund please retum to 
Drama Dept 110/251 

Lost: EL-512 Sharp calculator. L.1st seen lrurs. 
10/11 at Humanities Ubrary. It round. please 
call Gabriel at 453-987a (IO/ISI 
Lost: lrurs. Oct. II in P.H. no. Lt. blue lklion 
Bay jacket. Reward if returned. Pleas! call 
can¥! at 453-4958.110/181 

LDst: Gold c .. adian coin pendant on 
Monday PoIening 10/9. Serltimental valU!. 
R!!Ward. Please call Sharon 452- 7372.110/181 

Found: calculator In Hl Ubr.aty. call Charlit at 
4al-9617 to identifY. 110/1S1 

t; 

I 
I 

! 
t 
j ' 



Bill Murray 

Is he really 

Serious? 



Editor 
AN DREW KEELER 

ASliociate Editor 
CHRIS YuUNG 

Contributina Editon 
ETHAN fEERST . ' UAN 
FORSBERG. RONA HU. 

JAMES RALPH PAPI' 
Staff 

MIKE AHN. RODDY 
BOGAWA. ANDREA 

HARMON. KRISTIN KALA. 
KAREN KELLEY , JEfF 

MUNIC, JOHN NEE, ART 
SALAZAR, CARL STATER. 

ROGER STEPHENSON 

Editorial 452-3466 
Advertiaina 452-3468 

Hlarw is publish~d ewry 
Thursday ofth~academicy~ar 
as a supplement to thl: UCSD 
GUARDIAN. Reproduct-ion 
or USI: without written 
permission of any portion of 
this magazine IS a no-no. We 
welcome unsolici ted lett~rs , 
manuscripts, and artwork. but 
assume no responsibility ior 
the return of such. ScnJ 
information to: 

HIATUS 
8-0 16, La Jolla. CA. 92093 

Contents 
Cover: The original 
knucklehead is taking 
himself a little more 
seriously and hopes others 
will too. If not, he won't put 
a bullet through his head. 
See page 3. 

The Eatbeat .... , .. page 4 
Hiatus introduces a new 

feature. Restaurant reviews, 
recipes and a good time had by 
all. Leading off is Sluggo's, a 
Chicago-style hotdog stand. 

Dance UCSD. . . . .. page 4 
Three's Company Dance 

Group opens its 11 rh season 
this weekend at Mandeville, 
performing works by UCSD 
professors. 

Artist Insight. . . . .. page 5 
See glimpses of "Las 

Familias Humildes." Photo-
graphs taken by UCSD student 
Phyllis Cohen in the Liberty 
City section of Tijuana. 
Bob's Book Report. •. page 2 

Movie reviews ••. page 6 
Goings On ••• page 7 

UC SAN DIEGO'S 
SPEAKERS' FORUM 

presents 
AN EVENING WITH 

Legendary Dancer/ Choreographer 

AGNES DE MILLE 
A lecture with film, covering Miss de Mille's career as 

well as the state of the art today. 
• 

October 26, Friday, 8:00 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 

G.A. $8.00, UCSD St. $5.00 
UCSD Fac/ Staff & Sr. Citizens $7.00 

T1~EmDN ' (j}T£LfTPtDN • 
"'"--____ UCSD Box Office, 452-4559 ____ --' 

2 Hianu Oct. l B, 19B4 

Bob's Book Report 

Books that go 
bUlllP in the night 

By ROBERT LEONE 
Jan Harold Brunvand's modest catalog of modern American folk 

tales is a very good book to read before the October holiday of candy 
and spooks. This book is superficially a scholarly study of modern 
folktales, rumors and myth. In practice, it is the perfect source for 
your best _tories this Halloween. 

This compendium begins with a _hort section discussil18 the way 
the best yams and stories, spooky, gory, horrific and naUihtv, are 
modemized by ttansmission of time, u technologies and mores 
change. AlthoUih the introduction and application of these ideas is 
done skillfully, it is accomplished without the use of technical jarson 
of the mind-numbing, jaw-breaking type 10 beloved by lOme of the 
worst socialscientista. This material not only is fairly innocuous, it is 
also beneficial, because it gives the yarner some clues u to chaRling 
the stories included herein to the best advantage. 

The very first legend is "The Boyfriend's Death," where a young 
woman spends all night in a parked car direcdy under the hanged 
body of her boyfriend. Others include the alligators of the New York 
sewers ('ptors have been found in the sewers underneath New York, 
by the way), the purse snatcher who took a bag containing a dead cat, 
poisonous snakes hiding in Pakistani rup, and every other tale and 
theme to scare even the mOlt jaded of audiences. 

This is B well-written, non-textbook introduction to American 
folktales. It is not pretentious, or nonsensical. 1 liked this book. It 
has some great _torles. 

* * * Recycle Paper! Buy and seU used books! Yes, I am advocating the 
purchase of used books. While this doesn't mean you'll fmd the best 
sellers of the day in such places, it does mean that you will get old 
books, or 10118~published books, for a lot less money. Another 
advant. is that you will get old books. For example, it is very well 
impouible for one to find E.R. Eddison's A Fish Dinner in Memison 
(don't look for it, it's a crazy book expressing a crazy philOlOphy) 
anyplace else. Another test for a good used bookstore is any book by 
James Branch Cabell (another wacko author). 

UC San Dieao 
CHAMBER MUSIC SERIES 

10TH ANNIVERSARY SEASON 
preeenta 

The luilliard String, Quartet 
Havdn's Quartet in D Major, Op. 50, No.6 

Schumann's Quartet in F Major, Op.41, NO.2 
Schubert's Quintet in C Major, D·956 (Op . ,63) 

with Bonnie Hampton, cellist 

October 24, Wedne8day, 8:00p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 

Series ticketa: $50.00, SinKlel ticketa: $13.00 
~moN~ (i)T£L£TRON" 

UCSD Box Office, 452-4559 
____ produced by the UCSD UNIVER ' lTV EVENT OFFICE ___ ... 

All 

Kidding 
. 

Aside 

I 

I Bv ANDREW KEELER I 

Sitting in a screening r.oom in Burbank, the man 
with the tired eyes and the unkempt hair was 
discussing spiritual experiences and Himalayan 
mountaintops while intermittently taking sips 
from an undersized beer bottle. Twenty college 
students pushed forward to better see and hear the 
"wiseman." 

"Wiseguy" would much better outfit the man 
who has made a career of playing offbeat and 
oddball camp counselors , cab drivers, 
greenslc:eepers and, most recently, a ghostbuster. 
However, this was the Bill "Knucklehead" Murray 
conversing about his first major dramatic role in 
the new film The Razor's Edge. 

In this remake of the W. Somerset Maughm 
novel, Murray portrays Larry Darrell, a man 
disillusioned with the state of things after 
returning from World War L He leaves his 
creature comforts in the States and returns to 
Paris to find understanding and meaning. To say 
this role was a departure for Murray is a gross 
understatement. As one viewer put it, "I was 
expecting to see Bugs Bunny in WateTship Down ." 

With GhostbusteTS going like gangbusters, it 
would appear that Murray would go from clown 
prince to the throne of king of comedy, but he had 
other ideas. "I had been wanting to make a 
different kind of movie for a long time, and John 
(Byrum, the director) came up with this idea a few 
years back, and I loved it." 

For the SaMda, Nighr Live and Second City 
veteran, playing a serious role was not a great 
challenge. "Tome serious acting and comedy are 
all the same. I took the role in T ootsie to get a start. 
If you think about it, 80 or 90% of comedy is 
sn:aight lines. 1 have no axe to grind over what 

Brian Doyle-Mumay (left) and brod.er BiB two America ... in World War I. 

roles L get. There IS nothing like getting laughs, but 
that's not all I am. I can make people angry-I've 
done that many times. If a director sees this film 
and says, 'This guy can do a little acting, ' then I'm 
happy." 

It was Byrum (director of Heartbeat) who also 
pushed Murray to expand his career . " I've been 
hounding Bill for years to get him to do this 
project. We rewrote the script many times, and I 
couldn't think of anyone better for the part. 
Everyone talks about the actors having to trust a 
director, but I think it is just as important for the 
director to trust the actors." 

The biggest challenge for Murray and Byrum 
was getting the film made. It took an old friend 
and a little blackmail. "Dan Aykroyd had written ~ 
Ghostbusters and I liked it. I told him about the 
problem we were haVing and he said, 'Tell them 
they can have Ghostbusters if they make The Raz.or's 
Edge.' In 45 minutes we had a caterer, a producer, 
an office and a limo. It was blackmail but nobody 
got hurt. We did leave the lights on in our office. 

"It was kind of strange during filming . We 
would be shooting in India and they would call 
and we would say, 'Yeah, things are going well,' 
and all they would want to know is if I would be 
done in time to make Gfwstbusrers ... 

In the film Darrell ventures to a mountaintop in 
the Himalayas and finds spiritual enlightenment, 
but for Murray the experience did not change his 
life. "I'm kind of a short hitter when it comes to 
enlightenment. I went over there to make a movie; 
however, I think I did get something out of it. 

More often ' than not novels are victimized by 
ruthless screenwriters with dollars on the mind. 
Byrum admits that his adaptation may stray from 
the original, but thinks that Maughm would have 
enjoyed his "Americanized" version. Murray 
adds a quote from Hitchcock, "The most a film 
can be is a short story." . 

"I think the message Larry Darrell eventually 
gets is that our lives are a ridiculous joke: We 
understand some things but not everything. Some 
people have said this is a '60s movie, but I think it 
has a lot of relevance today. It doesn't matter how 
nice a car or a stereo you have; there's much more 
to it than that. I'm personally not too 
materialistic, but I don't drive around throwing 
money out of my car." 

While watching the film one may have a 
problem comprehending the "deep message" or 
meaning, and that's all right by Bill, "as long as 
they have paid their five dollars. Seriously, I'm 
not going to put a bullet through my head because 
somebody doesn 't get anything out of it. It could 
win an Academy Award and heal babies, but what 
does that mean? It doesn't say at the end of the 
credits, 'By the way, if you came in late .... '" 

Unlike most of the work coming out of 
Hollywood, The Raz.or's Edge was not geared to a 
certain market or moviegoer. "It is foolish to 'aim' 
a -movie; you just make it. It is like when a pitcher 
throws, he throws, and when he aims, he's taken 
out. " 

An avid Cubs fan, Murray thinks he will 
probably spend the next few games in the dugout. 
"I need a rest. I've already done more than most 
people thought I ever would. M06t of the people 
who knew me when 1 was young thought 1 would 
be arrested and end up in jail." 

* * * General Interest Meeting * * * 
Get PUGWASHed!! Late Night San Diego Welccmes 

Ate you interested in: 
• the ethics ofbio-medical research and irs impact on 

society? 
• issues concerning nuclear weapons and national 

security? 
• global resource problems such as overpopulation 

and technology transfer to the Third World? 
• any other issues concerning the impact of science 

and technology upon society? 
If so, come to the Student Pugwash general interest 
meeting! We will be planning new projecrs and 
activities for the winter quaner. GET lNVOL YEO! 
Bring your ideas to Student Pugwash-we are 
interested in a variety of issues and are open to 
suggestions from all interested students. (Undergrads 
and grads are welcome.) Thursday, October 25, USB 
3038, 5:00·6:00 p.m. Refreshments will be served. 

' Windham Hill Recording Artists 

OOAmerican. African. Indian. Chinese. Japanese. European. Classical. 
Folk. Rock. Jazz. Acoustic and Electric. 00 - L.A. Times 

With Special Guests "'''II:IA iii ~ 
Nu-Wave A Cappella p V ~~ 

FOX THEATRE 
FRIDAY, OCTOBER 26, 8 pm 

Tickets: $12 & $9 at ali Ticketron outlets and fox box office. 
For Information cali 233-6331. for charges 231-3554 

A benefit for the San Diego Public Theater 

Oct. lB, 1984 His"" 3 



The Eatbeat 

First the Cubs, 
And no~ Sluggo's 

This is the first installment in our new 
"Earbeat" column. We will run weekly 
reviews of local restaurants as well as 
recipes and a few other goodies. Dig in. 

Back when 1 was a little kid in 
Chicago, we used to have a 
neighborhood hot dog place called 
Little Louy's. Little Louy's was close 
enough to get to by bicycle and cheap 
enough to be afforded on a $5-a-
week allowances. This made going 
there one of my first steps toward 
economic independence. 

Little Louy's was a small place. As 
soon as you walked in you were in 
line for your food. To each side of 
the line were shelf-like tables 
sticking out of the wall where you 
could stand and eat, but most people 
took the food home or to the picnic 
tables across the street. The walls 
we r e covered with poste r s 
advertising the food. Slogans such as 
Monster Kielbasas ($2.25) and 

Tamales on a Stick (85 ¢) 
overwhelmed you as you entered. 
Along with these posters were scores 
of autographed pictures of famous 
Bulls, Cubs and Bears. 

In La Jolla, Sluggo's has tried to 
emulate these Chicago hot dog 
stands. Sluggo's is billed as "Chicago 
fare," but it is really Chicago hype. 
As you walk in you are overwhelmed 
by the word "Chicago. II There are 
countless posters of Chicago all o ver 
the walls, but since the building is so 
big they don't even take up half the 
space. 

Even the names of the food are 
overdone with "Chicago." Names 
include Chicago Dog, Comiskey 
Park Pole (Polish sausage) and the 
Mayor Daly Double Burger. Does 
the Chicago Dog taste like a Little 
Louy's dog? First of all, if you just 
order a Chicago Dog, the answer is 
definitely no. What you get is a hot 
dog off the bro iler , something only 

meant to be eaten at outdoor 
barbecues. No hot dog stand in 
C hicago would ever da re sell a 
broiled hot dog. A broiled Sluggo's 
hot dog comes out burnt and 
incredibly dry. If you do specify 
boiled, then you get a little closer . 

Almost all of the ingredients are 
the same: a poppy seed bun, a 
quarter pickle slice on top, tomatoes 
and other typical hot dog 
ingredients. The main difference is 
how it 's put together. Every 
ingredient is put into its own little 
compartment in the bun so that 
everything can be seen. Little Louy's 
goops everything together into a wet 
mixture of condiments, so you really 
don't know what you're getting. This 
has to do with quantity more than 
anything, but to me it tasted better. 
Another thing that is synonymous 
with hot dogs of Chicago is putting 
celery salt on top. Sluggo's doesn't 

A crash course 
in Practical Economics. 

~ 
~~ 

\ , 
I , 
, 
, 
, 
, 
, 
, 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

,. - -:~-=-=:==------------l 
~ . :: 

. d king those 
.: DearDa , No Ihaven'tbeensmo tof 

I need to borroW $~O,OtOf~gu' r~d out a way to get me ou 
. g rAttes I JUs =;~~s; d~rm ~nd sda;:ry~~:;~~~e paying for m~ ~ live 
d ·t all out, an yi g monthlies 0 I figure 1 uld almost be pa n which is Just 

on camp.u~ , we c~University'lbwne Square, 
condorruUlum a campus right here in 
Steps away from 

Tr· ngle area. the Golden la d spa built-t rpool an , 
It's got a mons e great place to 
ins, and i~;:e:u send me skiing 
study. An ~reak.YOU and 
over Quarter 
Mom can use it too. 
You both should come down 
and check out Universlty' 

WIle Square with me. 
'lb start at just $85,990, PTices 

hich I knOW from my 
;con classes is a ~ood 
deal for property in 
the Golden 
Triangle area. 

f t you'll probablY get 
In ac ~rt of the cost of my 
back P tion from tax 
college educa 
benefits! t 's a pretty 
Don't you think thDa d and isn't that what 

;~ ntmove, a , 
intelL.oe to college for? 
yOU sent me 
Love, 

" (sign Your name here) " 
-------- .. 

... --

t.: .- .... -.-----
.... University Towne Square/Golden Triangle 

Fine homes from $85,990. 
Very a ttractive below market 30-year fixe d interes t rate available . 

Sa les Office: 4435-7 Nobel Drive. (619) 458-1371 "'."'II1II 
A development of THE DOUGLAS ALLRED COMPANY ~ ~ 

.. Hiarw Oct. 18, 1984 

carryon this tradition. Instead, they 
substitute a sweet garlicy tasting salt 
that overwhelms the taste of the hot 
dog rather than add to it. 

Their fries are covered with this 
junk too, but otherwise are almost 
exactly how they were made at little 
Louy's. The peels are left on, and 
they are greasy and moist. So if you 
want a Chicago style hot dog from 
Sluggo's, you have to order it in the 
following way: "I will have a Chicago 
Dog, boiled, with extra ingredients, 
and celery salt instead of red garlicy 
salt." I haven't ordered it this wa y, so 
I'm not sure how it would come out. 
I'll never know either, because I have 
no intention of going back to 
Sluggo's. I am a loyal San Diegan and 
have decided to boycott Sluggo's 
because of a sign that read, "Chicago 
Cubs playoff victory specials. Game 
days-Hot dog and fries $ .99. II 
Maybe in another 39 years . .. 

Weare 
Expecting 
COlllpany 

By KAREN KELLEY 
Three's Company & Dancers are 

opening their 11 th performance 
season this weekend at Mandeville 
Auditorium featuring four premiere 
works. 

The company works with a 
contemporary dance medium to 
provide a wide diversity of 
expression and to create a dynamic 
relationship between the arts. An 
example of this is Jean Isaacs' latest 
work "Nightmusic," which traces 
the "progressicn" or "thread" of 
night. The score is by local composer 
Robert Erikson and will be played by 
UCSD's 11 member Sonor 
orchestra. In addition, the stage will 
be highlighted by a sculptural dance 
environment made expressly for the 
piece by Louis Nidorf. 

Recently, Jean Isaacs, who is 
currently teaching at UCSD, gave a 
preview of her work on Eye on San 
Diego, where she discussed the 
"semi-abstract, suggestive" nature 
of "Nightmusic," and demonstrated 
part of the creative process involved 
in the nascence ' of the dance. She 
explained that even the physical 
attributes of the dancers inspire and 
influence her creative decisions. 

Betti Roe, another co-artistic 
director and former instructor at 
UCSD, will be featured in a solo in 
the 17 minute work. 

"Sinfonietta," choreographed by 
company member Edward 
Winslow, debuts with Denise 
Dabrowski and M ary Ann 
Willoughby, t'Wo of San Diego's 
most acclaimed dancers . Venturing 
into the traditional jazz idiom, 
"Grappling," choreographed by co-
art istic director Patrick Nollet, will 
open with music by Reinhardt, 
Grisman and Grappelli. "When the 
Spirits Take You," and "Rhapsody 
in Ripstop" will also be included o n 
the program along with II No Exit," 
Betzi Roe's 1975 choreography 
based on Jean Paul Sartre's portrayal 
of three people in hell. 

Phyllis Cohen always thought she would like to be 
a child psychologist; until she worked as a social 
worker for children and realized that she hates 
children. 

"Cohen" is not exactly a Mexican name but 
Phyllis was born and raised in Mexico City. She lived 
there until age 16 when her family moved to San 
Diego but remained for only two years. She then 
travelled to Israel to live in a kibbua for six months. 
She stayed four years, travelling, working, studying, 
meeting a future husband and then returning with 
him to San Diego at age 21. 

Phyllis is 24 now and a senior in the Visual Arts 
department, focussing on photography. She has 
been doing photography for only two and a half 
years, turning to it after feeling buried by books 
when studying philosophy and literature. The world 
outside seemed removed from her life and 
photography provided a sense of reality, uniting the 
too often separate realms of education and career. 

Her voyeuristic nature is part of Phyllis' attraction 
to photography. She likes to watch. Spontaneity is 
only half of photography's allure. The rhythms of 
repetition in shapes and the endless attempt to wed 
the lights and darks of colors into one image are 
more technical elements in a medium which depends 
so heavily on technique. 

Phyllis' love for photography began when she 
took her first class, blossoming from there into what 
she hopes will be het career. She sees her tuture as a 
battle between commercialism and art, hoping 
alwa ys that art will ttiumph but that she doesn't have 
to starve in the process. 

YEARS 
A HEAD 
A Full Service Salon 

We would like to introduce to you our 
new and talented hair de igner, 
Laurie 
Women $10, reg. $25 
Men $8, reg. $19 
For appointment. please call 457·2930. 
9(;0 Vi lla La Jolla Ur .. Suite 2120. La Jolla 

(behind El Torito ~ Rodeo· diro'Cll y across the ramp) 

Oct. 18, 1984 Hiatus 5 



I • 

J 
R • 

(CIJFI'ON CHENIER ~ DUE TO IUJIESII) 
TONIGHI'. Thursday. October 18 9 pm 

Pop rock singer/ songwriter 

JACK 
LEE 

Jack ha, curr~ntty been ndll'S high on the Eure>pean record ctt.rts. He"s the 'Miter 0( the current hit 
song Com£" &Jell. and Slay whICh reached the -I poSition in~"'" E.uropeancountnes. - 22on the 
'!tllboard charts. voted ~51 Song at the ""'den Festival and woted Album d the 'iear by BBC I , Bntaln s 

1 radiO o;.!aliOO He also ",,"'rote Hangmg on the 7e1ephont and ~"Anylhing HcIppen from the 
plalJnum Blondle album Parallel Une5 

with special 
guests. LA. 

ska sensations 
I'I8ImoNI! 

5-9 pm 
FIVE CARELESS 

LOVER8& 
BADIIABITS 

HORNS 
with guests 

ROD PIAZZA 

Monday. October 22 9 pm 
Rock f, Roll 

9:30 pm-Nostalgic Rock G Roll 
DIE MAR DELS 

Tuesday, October 23 9:30 pm 
Reggae Music every 

Tuesday night 
INTERNATIONAL 

REGGAE 
AU.*ST 

Wednesday. October 24 9 pm 
New music double header 

5ive lines up 
(formerly Four E)'!s) 

and from Newport Beach 
11IE IIY'IES 

Coming: _ 
Fnday f, Saturday. October 26 f, 27-PlUYAU DOI'l.~ _ .. _ 

Sunday. October 28-CIIICAGO 15 --
Sunday November 4 - DAI'I HICSS 

Saturday. November 1 O-ue:HCEIl DAVIS GROUP 
Sunday. November 11-~"'" 

Thursday. November 15-LOSLa.G8 
Thursday. November 29-..... "W!IIA .. 'lIE aA'IEJUI 

CELEBRITY SURF OFF 'J'IIANU 
We would like to thank the following sponsors and conlestants who made 
our I st Annual Celebrity Surf 00 a success: MOONlIGHT SURFBO .... RDS. 
SURFBOARDS HAW .... II. SNI. H .... WAlIAN PRO DESIGNS, ENCINITAS 
SURFBOARDS. DON .... LD TAKAYAMA SURFBOARDS, BRIAN SMITH 
SURFBO .... RDS. DOYLE SPORTS. OLD MISSION SURF G SPORT. TIDE 
LINES INC., GILHOlJ'\ WOODWORKS. SURFER MAGAZINE, BREAK OUT 
MAGAZINE. FALCON WETSUITS. MARKET CAfE. 7·ELEVEN. NO. 
COUNTY ENTERTAINER. BASEBALL GOLD. HANSEN'S SPORTS. PACK 
FACTORY f, EAGLE CREEK. SUNSHINE UNUMlTED. sov,NA LUMBER. 
THIRD EAR. MIKE DOYLE, DONALD TAKAYAMA. CORKY CARROL. 
DALE DOBSON. KEVIN KINNEAR. DIRK DEBONAIRE. CECIL PAYNE. 
JACK BUTLER. ROLUE DEXTER. JOHN CH .... TFlELD and JOEY HARRIS 
and all judges. organizers and friends for their help. 

Friday. October 19 5:30 pm- 3rd fvlrWenary Party 
ClDCAGOSIX 

FORINFOIUlADON CALL 48J-90ZZ 

6 Hilleu. Oct. 18, 19~ 

Sdm SlIepaTd and }eaiaJ Lance: A d,namic duo in 'Cou",,",' and in life. 

Movies 

This tCountry' 
'tis of Lange 

By CHRISTOPHER CANOLE 
During the Depression people all 

across our nation stood in long lines 
to share a common identification 
and inspiration with the characters 
of The Grapes of Wrath, because this 
movie's quality lies in its simple 
reflection of the day to day reality of 
the plight of one family-one country. 

The intent of the producer and 
central character of Country, Jessica 
Lange, is to recapture the quality of 
Grapes of Wrath in a contemporary 
setting. But quality is not just a work 
of art, it also depends on the 
audience's ability or desire to relate 
to the story. When the mainstream 
of the American cinema is sex, drugs, 
slapstick comedy and violence, 
Jessica Lange and Country are either a 
refreshing breath of inspiration or an 

out of phase anomaly. 
Lange portrays a woman who 

keeps her family together during a 
Federal government purge of small 
farmeR! through foreclosures. Her 
supressed explosiveness may be a 
reaction to filmgoers' inability to 
accept and appreciate her dynamic 
lead role as Frances Farmer in 
Frances and preference to her soft-
women's lib supporting role in 
Tootsie. 

Lange also faces the obvious 
comparison to Sally Fields in Places 
in the Heart . When the dust clears 
from the storm sequences in both 
movies, Fields' role will be seen as a 
barren fantasy while Lange stands 
tall and defiant as another American 
farmer. 

tPhar Lap' by a nose 
By THOMAS RANKIN 

Phar Lap takes its name from a 
Depression-era racehorse that came 
from nowhere to dominate 
Australia's racing scene for three 
seasons, piling up a staggering 37 
trips to the winner's circle. His 
prowess inspired racing fans, 
shattered the bookmakers and 
brought down upon him the wrath 
of the pinch-faced elitists of the 
powerful Victoria Racing Club. 

As a film, PMr Lap sham many 
attributes with its namesake. It pops 
up from Down Under, unheralded, 
and carries some impressive lineage 
buried in its caae and crew, whose 
collective credits include films like 
Gallipoli and The Year Of Living 
Dangerowly. But it is there that the 
similarity ends. While t~ horse 
Phar Lap finds its stride, the film 
lurches strongly out of the pte but 
quickly fades. 

It is evident that a great deal of 
energy was expended to make Pilar 
Lap as accurate as possible, from 
elaborate sets to the scores of old-
timers who assisted director John 

Sexton with their remembrances of 
the times, the personalities and the 
controversy that surrounded the 
horse. The result, however, lacks any 
crisp definition; we find ourselves 
gazing back through the decades with 
rheumy, unfocused eyes. Pilar Lap is 
not so much sentimental as it is 
highly romanticized. We do not gain 
a feel for the Depression, for the 
horseracing industry or for the 
enthusiasm of the crowds. 

Phar Lap is largely a personal film, 
orbiting very tightly around the 
horse, its young handler and its 
cantankerous trainer. The footage of 
the races themselves is outstanding, 
tracking shots following the frenetic 
grace of the animals and the thunder 
of the hoofbeats shaking the 
auditorium seats. For horse lovers 
and race fans, Pilar Lap should prove 
very rewarding. For those with no 
predisposition towards horses, and 
without benefit of an elaborate press 
packet to fill in the story's myriad 
holes, Phar Lap's run may prove 
entirely forgetable. 

, 

_ Goings on 
The first gym concert of the 

year is next Friday, October 26. 
Last year local concertgoers were 
cheated out of a show by The 
FilUl due to production errors by 
the promoter. The Fixx return 
with even more succeu. Tickets 
are available at the UCSD Box 
Office, 452-'4559. Also on .. Ie 
for next weekend- A Flock of 
Sequlll at the Fox Theater at 8 
pm. 483-6339. 

* * * 
Monday the La Jolla 

Athenaeum will present an opera 
preview of Hamel and Gretel 
at 8 pm. T ueaday the Athenaeum 
will lponsor a bus tour to view 
the San Dieao Museum of Art's 
current exhibition of Preciow 
Legac,.454-5872. 

* * * 
The Center for World Music 

at San Dieao Scate University 
will present a concert featurina 
The Andy NarreIlJaz&Group. 
Andy Narrell h.. lIained 
notoriety with his unique blend 
of AfTo-Caribbean, Brazilian, 
Latin and funic music styles. The 
concert ~ Friday It 8 pm. 265-
4243. 

* * * 
Rebel Rockers play at the 

Belly-Up Friday with Fiahbone. 
Saturday the Belly-Up brinp 
WUd Carda, and The Jamee 
Hannan Band. 481-9022. 

*. * * 
The Sacred MUli~ Serle. of 

La Jolla Presb~rian Olurch 
opens Sunday at 4 pm. The 
featured works will be aelect 

pieces by J .S. Bach, Cesar Frank's 
ChoTale in B Minor and works by 
Roy Harris and WilUam Bolcom. 
Saturday at 9 am a master'S class 
will be conducted by orllanist 
Marilyn Mason of the University 
of Michipn. 454-1605. 

* * * 
Mon Sahl will perform 

through Sunday at the La Jolla 
Comedy Store. Sahl has been 
performing, a~ring on late 
niiht 1V in LA and even written 
lpeeches for John FitJierald 
Kennedy, for the past 28 years, 
AU of this leads you to wonder 
why you don't let him penonally 
offend you In the next few days. 

* * • 
Ah Wildern .. and Lont 

Day'l Journey Into NiPt. 
both by noted plavwrilht Eugene 
O'Neill, will run in rotation at 
the San Dieao Repertory Theater 
through November 1.·235-8025. 

* * * 
The Precious Lepcy will run 

through November at the San 
Diego Museum of Art. This 
acclaimed exhibit features Jewish 
artifacts relCued from the Nazis 
after WWIl. Due to the strona 
relponse given to this exhibit It Is 
on view on a reservation basis 
only. 232-7931. 

* * * 
Hullt Davia, the La Jolla 

Museum of Contemporary Art's 
Director, will speak to Museum 
rnembera and friends at a Cojjel!, 
PaslTies, and Presenrarioru event 
hOited by the Museum's Modem 
Art Council on Saturday, 

October 20, at 10 am in 
Sherwood Auditorium, at the La 
Jolla Museum of Contemporary 
Art. 454-3541. 

* * * 
The San Diego Museum of 

Natural Hiltory will show three 
filrna on s,aturday and Sunday, in 
the Museum auditorium at 1 and 
2:30 fm free of charxe with 
aenera admlllion. In a 23-
minute, color film called 
Primitive Man in a Modem 
World meet the present-day 
Mayans and Inca. of Central and 
South America. The day-to-day 
Ufe of an extremely primitive 
society including huntinll, . 
weapon makinll' witch doctorina 
and sacrificial ceremonies is 

preaented in the ZO-minute color 
film Pypnia of Africa. The 
film Apemen of Africa is a 20-
minute, color preaentatlon of the 
flndinas of Louis and Mary 
Leakey and their colleagues that 
create the evidence necessary to 
prove the existence of a man-like 
creature who lived in Africa 3.5 
million years ago. 232-3821. 

* * * 
Through November, recent 

serigraphs by Jerry Schurr will 
be on dlaplay at the Crack In The 
Wall Gallery located at the 
Village Hotel in La Jolla. Gallery 
hours are 11 am to 6 pm, 
Tuelday through Saturday, or by 
appointment. 456-2360. 

* * * 

Check it out 

In celebration of J .S. Bach's 300th 
anniversary, a concert series entitled Muai~ of Yeltel'ciay 
begins tGnigh~, Thursday. The first program will be all 
Back with a presentation of Sonara in G Major, Swite in D 
Minor, Sonata in E Major .and other works. The other 
concerts in the series will feature Momrt, Beethoven, 
Schubert and Debussy. Tickets for the entire series are 
$12, general admission is $5, students and senior citizens 
$1. All concerts will be performed in Mandeville Recital 
Hall. "52-3229. 

Ballad of a Soldier, a 1960 
Russian film classic, directed by 
Grigori Chukrai, screens 
Wednesday at 7:30, at the La 
Jolla Museum of Contemporary 
Art. This tragic story about 
World War II concerns an 
innocent young soldier who 
becomes a hero after destroying 
two Nazi canle •. 

On Wednesday, October 31, 
at 7:30, the Russian aeries 
concludes with the acreening of 
My Name it Ivan. All films are 
shown in the Museum 
Auditorium. General admission 
$3; students and aeniors $2.50. 
454-0267. 

* * * 
To most the end of the fourth 

week merely signifies the last 
chance that one has to drop a 
cia. without receivina a W. This 
is a fact. However, Friday is also 
the lalt day to submit poetry, 
proae, fiction, non-fiction, 
photography or anything else 
reaemblinll art, literature or 
music to the Birdcap Review. 
Submissions should be turned 
into the Uterature, Visual Arts, 
Communications, Drama or 
Music Departments. 

If you would like an 
event included in Goings 
On please send it to 8-or6, 
UCSD, La Jolla, 92093 ar 
call 4,2-3466. The 
deadline far listings is 
Monday at noon. 

CIIsuaI. 
.A" MA_ AIJD HAYNVa ....... ComtorIaIJIa 

CBliIomian. 

"....... .,.,. aD 1M _ 'll (,.. '18) 
,..,.,.,.".,. CIID ,., _ "0 (. IU) 

DlredIouI ,.,... u.s (. HO) ~ ,.., .. (fWI Nt) ,It '. $(0) 
."""(IIre It I\!4bre 'U(. '28} Ccll."..,.e u.s ,. '25) 

0IIe ,.,." fadel _ IJI (. IJ.5) 
Ollie ItIJIIr -.. _ U.s 'rtlfJ "'5} 

SpecUllsa In bUcll /llir 
A IiIU JeIIIke ,.ton 

7608 Ulldl KsU lid. (~ College Dr. ~ 16J) .... .s 
I'/a. alOft (/Dnnerlg u JoI .. Cuttl"9 Co.) 7J7 I'eIII SI..u JoI .. 

.".."70 ."..'.,5 
SpecYLs good with lid with fel«led JIfILsLs thtoa;! J J/8/8t 

UNCL 
Council Travel Services 

WINTER BUDGET AIRFARES 
TOKYO - R/T FROM $559 

LONDON - R/T FROM $419 
HONG KONG - R/T FROM $665 

TAHm - RIT FROM $549 
PlEASE STOP INTO THE STUDENT CENTER 

OR CALL 452-0630 

\faIur-.n needIcI tIDr ......... 1IUdy 181ng. new andhlstMllne 
traIIMI'It - ....... 18 110 65 yNIS of .... with hIIyfwIr ,Ilchlng In nose : 
and .. with .......... and "..., amge.'onl. this IIUdy Includes: 

• J short vbIII eMIl' 11 dIIyI 
• S40 ~It per visit 
• ,,.. .,'" and blood testing 

For b1her Ir1f'arIMtIon CDIUCt: 

........ PI.alla., M.D ......... 
Board CertIfIed Allergist 

THE FUTURECOPV PLACE 
WELCOMES BACK 

STUDENTS a FACULTY 

41!z( 
Self SeNice Copies 

Mon. - Thurl. • am - • pm 
fri .• am -6 pm 

Sat. 10 am - 5 pm 
Sun. 12 noon - 5 pm 

THE FUTURECOPV PlACE 

Oct. 18, 1984 Hiarw 7 


